SAN FRANCISCO, MONDAY; OCTOBER 29, 1900.
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
VOLUME LXXXVIII— NO. 151.
' The Manchu dynasty is ; so weakened as
to i be :. unable • to have ,' much" 1 Influence 'on '
.the 'course: of events."^. The; Empress! has"
been either . tho -leader oi\ : th.e'- unwilling
tool of , that retrograde : movement' J n Chi*
'n we; life 1 whidijculmlnated'inj the' Boxer
juVrlslnV'^AlonV/tne.*: 1 .Viceroy* T? of tithe" 5
which would. gradually; have' formed itself
Into "spheres of F influence.", >.-•-
southern > provinces • have .'. maintained . a
'neutral ¦ attitude" '.' toward '{: foreigners ¦ and
jhaye* shown the'mselveai willing to come : to
some' rational agreement. '.'.. Old foreign res
idents in - China ' believe * that ; these Vice
roys,* the only 1 friends that foreigners . have
Jiad ; in VCWna ' in- the [last few months,
'sriduldjrec'elve^the^heafty^ support
allied powers^ and that^through .them," and^
the whole question. Conditions favor It.
Owing to the Boxer movement Russia has
found an opportunity to throw her armies
into Manchuria and besides to secure
strong positions along the Pelho River'
Her military occupation ¦ will, no • doubt,'
be as permanent as that of the English m
Egypt, end while -the "other, powers; are
ifMTVi^g ml '¦ each • other askance * she • will
Ibelieve Germany understood, the' situa
tion ; when ,the : Emperor" favored ffollowing
the retreat, of; the ; imperial /family/from
Peking and carrying* the-'- war* westward."
This • would* have* necessitated' a. mill taxy
occupation " weit f and, liouth v^'oX* Peking,
gradually assume all the functions of gov
ernment in a country that has^alway's nau
a military government.
) "If ¦ England had not arrived at an
agreement with Germany." . says the Post.
"she would have been compelled to do so
with Russia. This would have been a
serious-blow to ; German trade. Germany,
In* her capacity v of an . honest broker, had
served "Russian" Interests."
publishes an inspired article , devoted to
showing • that •-. the :¦ Anglo-German agree
ment : will in no way Interfere with Rus
sia's, interests In Manchuria.
THE CALL AND NEW YORK HKtALD'S^ : BY. HIM DURING THE
• * REGENT MARCH OF THE ALIJED-FORCES; ON PEKING AND^stORMING'OFlTHE CHINESE CAPITAL.
The Powers' Shares.
deposit. ¦ The inevitable result of all this
will be that . Japan must throw herself
Into the arms of .Russia if the latter, 13
only halfway generous. For a long time
Japan has been casting covetous eyes
upon Korea.. Under these circumstances
It would take the . combined pressure of
the other powers to prevent a lopping, off ,
of a goodly portion of the Celestial em
pire. \
In case of the dismemberment ' of the-
Chinese empire the portions* desired . by .
other powers are not so distinct as those
of Russia and Japan.
England* desires the whole of the -Yang
tse Valley and would be slow In allowing
France to take Canton.. Germany on the
other hand not. only expects to get .the
province of Shantung ; but ' also a : large
slice running down to the .left bank of
the Yangtse. The difficulty of a peaceful
settlement would be, therefore, great. I
have no doubt that Russia, relying. upon
the disagreements of-other nations,, hopes
to retain Manchuria and at the same, time
preserve the integrity . of .-.the 'rest of
China. This is not an unlikely solution of
\
Text of an Inspired Article Published
by the Berliner Post.
BERLIN, Oct. : a.— The Berliner Post
ST. PETERSBURG. Oct. 28.— The Rus
sian sappers who are employed to dig out
and -'destroy the mines at Mukden, of
ficial dispatches say, found the whole
district mined and It was only the un
expected ' arrival of the Russians that
prevented . wholesale destruction. A
special' commission was appointed to in
vestigate.
¦ The advices . also say the provincial
treasurer escaped and that the Chinese
guerillas had - been looting extensively,
their booty Including the Manchu throne,
extensive libraries, collections of pic
tures and. colossal archaeological objects,
-all of great value.
SEEKING TO PLACATE RUSSIA.
trict at Mukden.
Chinese Had Mined the Entire Dis-
READY FOB THE RUSSIANS.
them alone, the Integrity of China may
be preserved.
JOHN F. BASS, who was with the
allied armies In the advance on
Peking as The Call-Herald's special
correspondent, arrived on tha
Gaelic yesterday and has apart
ments at the Palace. He Is accompanied
by his wife.
Mr. Bass' experience as a war corre
spondent has been lively and varied. He
was with Kitchener in Kitchener's first
expedition on the Nile, and he has seen
the Armenian massacres. Bass was the
Herald's correspondent during tha
Graeco-Turklsh war and the Zola trial and
ho was sent to the Philippines at the com
mencement of hostilities between this
country and Spain. He was sent to China
at the beginning of the Boxer outbreak.
To Mr. Bass must be given the credit of
sending to a newspaper the first direct
news of the taking of Peking. Bass'
assistant. James Hull, carried the dis
patches from Peking to' a point midway
between "Tungchow ,and Tientsin, from
where they were sent to Shanghai by way
of Taku and Chefu and finally to the
Danish cable. Hull Joined a Russian con
voy while bearing the dispatches. The
party was chased by Chinese cavalry and
was In imminent peril of being an
nihilated, but It eluded its pursuers. Hull
reached his destination on August 17 and
got the dispatches safely oft. Bass says
the news that Peking had fallen had been
carried previously by the Japanese cour
iers, but bis dispatches were the first to,
reach this country. *
Chine se Duplicity.
Bass makes serious charges against tna
Imperial Chinese Telegraph Company
which may involve that concern in diffi
culties. Bass was sending dispatches
while at the front and had employed a
man to see that they went out from
Shanghai after passing through Tientsin.
Taku and Chefu. This man, he says,
discovered that the telegraph company,
instead of delivering the dispatches, waa
quietly selling: them to the local press'
in Shanghai. Baas' agent was unable to
get the dispatches to send them to New
York by the Danish cable, and he made
a complaint to the managers of the com
pany. They informed him complacently
that their company had a contract with
the Shaoghia newspapers to deliver all
telegrams containing news of war that
came from the front, whether official or
otherwise. Complaint was then made to
the director general of the Imperial Tel
egraph, who, held all dispatches for ex
amination. That official allowed Bass*
agent to obtain a copy of the dispatches.
By paying extra rates he succeeded in
preventing the local newspapers from get
ting the dispatches for one day. Then
they were well on their way. Bass re
lates this Incident to show the corrupt
practices of the Imperial Telegraph offi
cials. Consul Goodnow informed Bass
that his employers had a good case for
indemnity against -the Chinese Govern
ment. '
No Care for Wounded.
Bass relates another incident which re
flects upon United States Minister Con
ger.
"When we came to Peking," says Bass,
"we had about thirty wounded men. The
chief surgeon in charge applied to Mia-.
lster Conger to allow the men to b« taken
fnto one of the houses of the American
Legation. Conger, in answer to the sur
geon's appeal, said:
" 'I would rather not. The . legation is
too small. There are plenty of other
places In Peking."
"Upon the surgeon making another ap
peal." says Bass, "Conger said:
•• "Well, if it is necessary, very well, but
I would rather you took them somewhere
else.'
"The surgeon," continues Bass, "saw
that the Chinese houses were not fit to,
be used for hospital purposes on account
of their filthy condition, and he was ob
liged to leave the wounded men outside
overnight It rained that night, ami
though the doctors made every effort tho
men suffered piteously. The British Lega
tion finally took the wounded in. Con
ger's action excited so much comment
among the officers that they all begged mo
to mention it in my reports.
"The missionaries showed very little
consideration for the wounded men, not
one even condescending to approach
them. hraBI
American Soldier Best.
¦ '1 desire to say that in the campaign
on " Peking the American soldier proved
himself ' the most intelligent and baat-
High Praise for
Line; a Roast
fop Staff.
Duplicity of the
Chinese High
Officials.
WHAT will result from the
diplomatic negotiations be
tween the great powers of
the world concerning the
future of China no one
can. tell at the present moment; the
mere so when Oriental duplicity takes a
hand in the ordinarily conscienceless deal
ings of European diplomats. It Is a well
known fact that he who relies on what Is
Bald In the Orient is always misled. The
same is true of the Christian powers of
the world when they occupy themselves
with things "east of Suez."
To-day we hear that Russia desires the
. evacuation of Peking; to-morrow that
the same power has been obliged to re
inforce her garrison In the Chinese capi
tal. Germany strenuously declares that
she docs not desire the split of China, and
yet she pursues a policy which, if followed
to a consistent end. would not only de
stroy th» Chinnep Government, but prob
ably throw the whole of China Into a state
<*>t war. Similar Inconsistencies between
word ar.d deed are to be found among the
other powers, perhaps with the exception
of the United States. For the United
States, has but one policy demanded by
her interests and that policy has been
steadfastly upheld by the Government —
?he desires the preservation of her trade
rights in China and consequently the
preservation of the Chinese empire in its
entirety.
Even England, fearful that the day of
/fnal division had arrived and that she
r a ould fail in getting her fair share of the
-polls, -undertook in the general upheaval
to obtain a single-handed occupation of
Shanghai and the control of the Yangtse
River. -*-;'<
In spite, however, of the difficulty In
reaching any satisfactory conclusion con
rerntngjthe future, one may at least clear"
the horizon by sweeping aside the mist of
diplomatic double dealing and concerning
one's self.alonewith hard and fast facts.
Eussia and Japan.
A very short Ftay in Eastern Asia will :
convince any one that fate designed two
nations to hold the strongest positions
th^re, Rursia and Japan. Of the two Rus-
Fia holds the higher hand on account of
her superior financial conditions and her
own vast resources. But it must not be
pupposed from this that Japan will not
play an Important role In the final settle
ment of the Eastern question, for Japan
next to Germany probably has the best
organized army In the world. Further
more, considering the peculiar conditions
nt campaigning over the bad roads of
China, the Japanese army has no superior
and probably no equal. In the late cam
paign on Peking, Russia has been the
first to recognize the superiority of the
Japanese army. Very early In the cam
paign a few observers saw many facts
which suggested a rapprochement between
Japan and Russia, and current events
.have brought about between these two
¦jowers a friendly feeling.
Go up Pelho River from Taku to Tung
chow. You find the Russians everywhere.
They hold the railway — they hold all
Ftrategical points. At Taku Russia,
France and Germany hold the outer forts
which command the approach of large
vessels. Russians occupy the great ar
prnal between Taku and Tientsin. Again
nt Tientsin the Russians hold the
fort that did so much damage to the for
eign settlement. Another arsenal above
Tientsin is also in Russian hands. For
months they have been preparing to hold
these strong positions rcrmanently, diplo
matic representations to the contrary
notwithstanding. It looks as If Russia
Intended to hold all territory north of
the Pelho- river, and the integrity of
China In the mouth of Russian diplomats
rr.<»an* China minus Manchuria.
Japan Needs Money.
Japan desires the integrity of China,
but does not wish to be left out in the
cold in case of a division. The increasing
burden of a large army and navy weigh
Kr-avily upon Japan and unless she can
borrow money in the markets of the world
the cannot hope to hold Russia long in
<heck. Not long ago Japan was able to
fl-iat only a email portion of her new loan
in England. Rumor has It that more re
"mtly the made an ineffectual attempt
jj* borrow money In New York. The flnan-
condition of Japan, is critical. Times
ere very hard. In the interior loans are
never at a less interest than 12 per cent'
Baak» pay 7 oer cent on six moothV
BY JOHN F- BASS.
Reviewed bu the
Call-Herald
lii Agent.
Situation as It
Appears at
Present
«/-Afl F. Bass, the special correspondent of The Call and He New York Herald, has returned from the battlefields of China. \ He was with ihe men who fought until their work was done, and has been the friend of the statesmen
who are now making history on the shores of Asia. He has watched ihe development of the situation from ihe stcriwiih the trained eye qf a man of the world and the mind of an able journalist His review of the state of affairs /s
clear and concise, without prejudice, and based upon information si cured from ihe highest sources and ''carefully weighed and considered.
Russia and Japan Are Reaching for the |fth, While England, France and Ger
". manu Cast .Longing Eyes; at tjie, fiiil flrpjicpsio ttie Southward.
LIKE BIRDS OF PREY THE POWERS
WAIT TO REND THE CHINESE EMPIRE
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL.MOO voters have proclaimed the best aboT* all
th* "American" clear Havana' clfar. ¦ " •
And works oft the. oold. Laxative Brorao-Qul
n!ne Tablet* cure a cold in one day. No euro,
no pay. Prict 2$ ceat«v * "' ¦ •'''< '¦ '-¦ - • -
Q3EflLui!lfeLsjffir*wi - , t (-"^HHH^H *¦--. w
Stops. the Cough
! Those who are fond of traveling: (and who Is
net) will hall with delight th« r.ew» of a direct
steamship rout* to Tahiti. This charming land
has : until now been' accessible ; only by »low
valllnr vessels, but on November 1st th* popu
lar ateamshlp j Australia will - sail direct, | male- '
lag th« trip In 10& days. A reduced round-trip
rate has been made fcr the first trip. 'Call at
613 Market street ; for Balling list * . •
Papeete the Beautiful.
SAN DIEGO. Oct 28.— An explosion of
gas In the boiler of a Santa Fe englno
at - National City this evening badly in
jured James Mullen, an employe. The
noise of the explosion was 4 heard all over
the town.; Mullen had a lantern in his
hand and it is thought that this caused
, the ¦ explosion. . . . .
Injured by, an Explosion.
PHOENIX. Ariz.. Oct. ' 2S.— Despondent
from;,. family „ troubles and unfortunate
business r ventures,-. Frank Cllne- made a
desperate attempt at suicide to-day, tak
ing first a large dose of laudanum and fol
lowing it up with the contents of a bottle
of nitric add: Doctors were summoned
but pronounced his case hopeless and the
Coroner was notified. • Later Cllne began
to improve and may" possibly live, though
his mouth . and throat are - - fearfully
burned by : the add. i He waa - formerly
a wealthy, cattle dealer. . -,_...-
Attempts to End His Life.
GOVERNMENT
PLACES TRUST
IN ARMY
M. Waldeck-Rousseau Out
lines the Policy of
, . His Party.
PARIS. Oct. 29.— M. Waldeck-Rousseau
yesterday delivered at Toulouse the anx
iously awaited speech outlining the pol
icy and programme of the Government in
anticipation of the reassembling of Par
liament. The occasion was the laying of
the cornerstone of the new barracks there.
The Premier left Paris Saturday and ar
rived at Toulouso yesterday morning
(Sunday). He was received by the Mayor,
Senators and Deputies of the department
and other officials. The city was gayly
decorated and the populace cheered M.
'Waldeck-Rousseaii.
The Archbishop of Toulouse and gen
erals of the army corps dfllvered ad-
Oresses assuring the Premier, In behalf
of the clergy and. the army, of the re
epect for him and attachment to the re
public.
Replying to the assurances of the gen
erals M. Waldeck-Rousseau said: "The
army awakens to many hopes not to be
cherished by the country-. We are too
jealous of the future of the army not to
strive to have France not merely follow
the progress of other nations, but to out
strip them. We are sure the army will
respond to these efforts by devoting it
self entirely to its noble task and will
leave no place In its ranks for divisions,
which only weaken it"
The laying of the cornerstone took place
in the afternoon. The Premier reserved
his principal effort for the banquet which
followed the ceremony. This was given
by the municipality In an ancient Jacobite
convent, where the dining hall was elab
orately decorated with the tri-color. De
voting the principal part of his speech to
answering criticisms, he said he had not
replied before because the Cabinet had
received the widest and clearest mandate,
because it was time to act and not time
to talk, and because he and his colleagues
looked to the Chamber of Deputies alone
for approbation or censure of their con
duct.
Alluding to the great demonstration of
Mayors in Paris, which he described as
the "roost striking consecration any
regime has ever received," he said that
France had in this way shown how little
she was moved by biased accusations
against the Ministry.
Referring to the support which the So
cialists had given the Government he re
marked that the Government desired the
support of "those who, - having always
served the republic, are better entitled to
defend her than those who have opposed
her." • .- .
Proceeding to sketch the gloomy situa
tion that existed when the Cabinet took
office — "with agitation increasing and na
tionalism engaging in daily battles with
the police"— he said that to face this con
dition of things a sincere concentration of
Republicans was brought about, "yet not
by conceding to each member of the Cab
inet something which separated him from
the others, but by excluding everything
that tended to division and. retaining ali
.that tended to unity."
"It Is said," he continued, ''that we are
leading the country to ruin when really it
would be only an exaggeration to say that
we .have saved her from ruin."
Going on to discuss the Government pro
gramme he said It did Include collectiv'sm
but that '.this did not - signify that the
policy of republican union excluded social
forms. He spoke of the success of the
Government in suppressing systematic
agitation and street demonstrations, add
ing that the country might hope durlns
the present calm to see marks of sincere
repentance on the part of the anti-Repuo
licans.
Alluding to what he described as the
"last act of the poignant Dreyfus drama,"
he said that the Judgment was given in
complete Independence and that the de
cision remained respected but that at the
same time humanity had found satisfac
tion In a "measure of clemency that has
been ratified by the generous heart of our
great country, which awakens at last"
. He announced, that he would ask the
Chamber of Deputies, as he had already
asked the Senate, to pas* a bill of effac«
ment as "a measure necessary to assure
definitive appeasement."
"While these internal events are being
accomplished," he continued, "our posi
tion Is being strengthened abroad, where
we are supported, when necessary, by the
valor of our army. Our policy has regain
ed for us our former authority and suc
cess. We have shown ourselves deter
mined to abdicate nothing of our rightd,
and we are convinced that aggressive
blustering has done nothing in common
with true patriotism.
"When the exposition opened the Gov
ernment deemed .that. . after undergoing
such violent shocks, the country would be
left to taste the benettts of a needful
truce. This period of peace has been
filled with glorlus work. No more fruit
ful Ideas were ever agitated than came
to the front in the exposition congresses."
The Premier dwelt upon the necessity
of enforcing discipline among state offi
cials. '< He expressed the 'hope that the
budget would be voted, and referred to
,the :. projected dlminuition of the excise
duty on alcohol, which is one of the lead-
Ins internal questions. After this he en
larged upon the necessity that the Cham
ber should pass a law regulating asso
ciations, a measure directed against re
ligious congregations. He dilated upon
the dangers attending the accumulation
PEOFESSOB MAX MTJLLER
IS CALLED BY DEATH
Philology at Oxford University
Corpus Professor of Comparative
Passes Away.
LONDON. Oct. 2S.— Frederlch Max Mul
ler, corpus professor of comparative phil
ology at Oxford University, died to-day at
12:35 p. m. Death was due to an affection
of the liver. ! '/'.. w
Until ten days ago he was able to con
tinue writing his autobiography, dictating
to his son. He was perfectly conscious
until this morning. Frequently during his
illness dispatches of Inquiry were received
from Emperor William.
Colonel John M.- Fleming.
KNOXVILLE, Tenn., Oct. 28.— Colonel
John M. Fleming, aced 6S, and who I was
for many years editor of the old Knox
ville Tribune and later of the Sentinel,
died to-night at tho East Tennessee Hos
pital for the Insane, where he has been
for the past seven years.
Bev. Henry Bussell-Pritchard.
INDIANAPOLIS, Oct 28.— Tho Rev.
Henry Russell-Pritchard, who was the
oldest minister of the Christian church In
the United States, died suddenly at
Chesterfield, Indiana, to-day, aged 81!
Sirs. Sophia Stone.
CHICAGO, Oct 28.— Mrs' Sophia Creigh
ton Stone, wife of R«v. Elijah Stone and
mother of Melville E. Stone, general man
ager of the Associated Proei, died here to
day. - •¦"¦-¦
1900: •_• .- ;/ .f ; . . . '¦ I ! ¦-, '.
Number of deposits, 6028; ounces of gold and
bullion, 1.243.163.3S; total value of same, $20,
166.C87 54. . , ... . . ' ¦ . r •
Tho aggregation of this total showing the
districts, th* gold comes from Is as follows:..
Alaska— Cape Nome. $2,710,427 01; other Alas
kan points," $462,893 81; total Alaska, $3,173,320 32.
BrltUh Columbia— (Atlln) $493,116 27; Yukon
district (Klondike), $16,374,488 15; "WaahliiKton,
Oregon, Idaho and foreign gold coin. 1125,762 80.
Grand total, $20,166,687 54. ,
Since October 24 Mr."" Wing has received
an additional $150,000 from Nome and
$50,000 : from i other points. The probabil
ities are that before, the season 'closes
Nome will > have furnished a total of
$5,000,000/ .",-. ¦•„ •¦ ¦' . ¦ y ... .;
¦ * rrz — *~Z — '•
Bones of Miners . Found.
ANGELS CAMP. Oct. . 2S.— Men. working
In the Utlca mine yesterday found tho
bones of, the two men caught in • the big
cave-in in 1889. They were on the 400 level.
The cave-in occurred on the 300 level.. At
the time -oft the scave-ln th« ¦ two . men.
Mitchell Bouslch and John Martini, could
not . be found. The bodies of tho other
fifteen .were taken, out. .¦ \, , . .
Interesting* Report on the Alaskan
Output Made by United States
Aasay Offlce. : : \
SEATTLE, Oct.' 28.— A, total of $20,166,
687 54 worth of gold dust and bullion' has
been received in the Seattle United States
Assay Office during the present calendar
year. F. a; Wing, the assayer inchargei
furnishes the following figures .showing
the amount of gold dust and, bullion re
ceived between January 1 and October 24,'
NEARLY , THREE MILLIONS
IN GOLD-DUST FROM NOME
REDDING, 'Oct. 28.— Deputy Sheriff J.
H. Hunter, who was summoned to the
Iron Mountain mine several days ago by
the management in anticipation of
trouble, has returned. He says there is
no need of his services there, that - the
strikers are well behaved and the fact of
there being a strike on would . not be
noticeable except for the number of idle
men standing about.
The officer says strike meetings are held
at which not one Intoxicated man is in
evidence. The strike committee has men
stationed at the saloons to prevent any of
their followers indulging his appetite for
liquor. Altogether the concerted and
steady action of the men Is remarkable,
considering that they belong to no union
and had no organization whatever pre
vious to the walk-out. The leaders con
stantly impress the strikers with the im
portance of their remaining In a body. As
a result some men ~ whose ' homes are in
this city experienced trouble in . getting
away. The outoome of the strike is 'hard
to guess. Each side appears equally con
fident.
¦ « • - — ¦ ¦ .
Winning Their Fight.
Men Are Prevented From . Entering
Saloons and Seem Confident of
IRON MOUNTAIN STRIKERS
ATTEMPT NO VIOLENCE
Steamer Dolphin Arrives at Seattle
With, a Rich. Cargo.
SEATTLE, Oct. 28.-The steamer Dol
phin arrived from. Skaguay to-day with
Klondike. The Klondtkers came up the
river on the Zealandia, leaving Dawson
October 14. .The river was then full of
floating ice for 100 miles and the weather
was bitterly cold. Two small steamers
left two days later and are now wind
bound on Lake Lebarge. River naviga
tion is over for the season.
B'nai B'rith Election.
LOS ANGELES. Oct, 28.— At the annual
election of B'nai B'rith Congregation Her
man W.! Hellman declined .-. re-election,
having. continuously, served as president
for fifteen years. Kaspar E. Cohn was
elected as his successor. < Other • officers
were elected as follows: Vice president.
James \\ . Hellman; treasurer, ' Nathan
•Tacoby ; secretary, N. Black; trustees.
B. Kingsbaker and Alfred Stein; . •'
GOLD FROM THE KLONDIKE.
Given Twenty-Four Hours to Leave
Sumnerand Go Without a Word
of Protest.
TACOMA. Oct. 28.— The Asiatic labor
question has been settled at.Sumner, near
here, in the same manner that Tacoma
settled the Chinese problem" in 18S5. At a
Democratic meeting: held at Sumner last
week both vpeakers dwelt largely upon
,the employment. of Orientals by railroads
and the consequent throwing out of em
ployment of many white men. The people
of Sumner determined to rid themselves
of all Japanese employed there and noti
fied two Democrats who. were employing
Japanese on their farms that they must
desist. At the same time the Japanese
were told to leave within twenty-four
hours. The latter demanded an immediate
settlement and left Sumner for good that
night.
JAPANESE DRIVEN FROM
A WASHINGTON TOWN
After a Severe Battle With the Sea
She Finally Manages to Put .
Into Neah Bay.
PORTLAND, Oct. 28.— The United States
"Weather Bureau has received word from
Neah Bay, Wash., that the lightship
Umatllla Reef broke from her moorings
on Tuesday during a seventy-mile gale.
After a severe battle with the wind, dur
ing which she many times was In danger
ol being dashed upon the rocks, she
finally managed to put into Neah Bay for
shelter. Officer Thomas E. Stanflold of
the lightship came ashore and endeavored
to communicate with the lighthouse in
spector in Portland, but tho wires were
all down and he was obliged to send the
news by mall.
.To-day Captain Day, superintendent of
lighthouses, published a warning to
mariners that . the . lightship was no
longer at her moorings. As the lightship
was not damaged by the gale she will bo
returned to her station as soon as she
can be equipped with new ground tackle.
LIGHTSHIP TJMATILLA
BKEAKS FROM MOORINGS
BUSSIA "WOTJXD AHBITBATE.
Ready to Accept a Suggestion From
the United States.
FpeeiiU Cable to The Call and New York ller
«M. Copyright, 1900. by the Herald Pub
lishing Com;>any.
YALTA. Oct 2S.— "The United States is
the only country Interested that could to
day offer arbitration with a chance of Its
being successful." Chinese Minister Yang
Yu *aJd to-day. "The idea of arbitration
la exceedingly popular with us in China,
but I fear our people would object to a
court of arbitration " the members of
which comprised only Europeans. They
feel that the Europeans are prejudiced
asrainst them. They would imagine that
they were not going to be treated fairly.
"And, knowing the Americans, you have
fuith in their Impartiality and firmness?"
"Myself, absolutely. And I should imag
ine that with the suggestion coming from
the United States, it would be readily ac
ctpted by our great men and plenipoten
tiary, U Hung Chang. It Is to the inter
est of the United States to bring about a
normal situation In China with the utmost
rapidity. America baa a large trade with
us and that trade is being very seriously
flamagwi by a condition of things which
may last a Ions: time."
"Do yon believe Russia would support
the idea?" * • :
Minister Yang replied that he certainly
thought It would, as the Czar's pet ideal
•w»« arbitration, as shown by his calling
together the peace conference. Then he
mid:
"England would join, because ebe also
"The wonder of It Is that under such
unfavorable auspices the American sol
diers behaved with so much gallantry.
It is all the more creditable.-'
"Again, on the day of the taking of
Peking. General Chaffee did not know
that his men ha<l climbed the wall. Chaf
fee ordered the battalion pent forward in
support of the two companies to fall back.
«nd he was surprised when told that his
men had already scaled the wall. Very
often, too, contradictory orders were is
pued'by the staff to the line. I have my
self heard one staff officer give the order
? o turn to the right, while another gave
o. simultaneous order to turn to the left.
I believe it to be in the interest of every
American citizen to urge reform in the
American staff in China.
"The American staff broke down in two
engagements. In the first the only order
given to Colonel Dag-gelt was to charge.
He was given no information as to the
pround and the Fituation of the enemy.
He was left lo his own resources, and was
obliged to charge up a narrowing wedge
•with the enemy on both sides. The loss
of I'.fc *ras fearful. .', > • .^ — ¦>
"I can saffly pronounce the American
staff as thoroughly and utterly incompe
tent. In the .first place, the quartermas
ter's department failed to furnish the nec
essary transportation and the American
troop's were loaded down with baggage
In excess of .their can ying capacity. I
have known many of them to drop from
heat and apoplexy. Again, the commls
Bary department furnished only 70 per
<:ent of the travel rations and that not
regularly. The American soldiers had no
meat of fresh vegetables, though the
iJiic i!--!> troops were well provided with
both these.
The Staff Incompetent.
shooting soldier on the field. Nothing
cculd have been better than the way in
which the line ofilcers behaved themselves
in action. A? an example of American
heroism I recall that on the night of Au
gust 33 a small body of Russian* ad
vanced on the Chinese city and took one
cf its gates. The bridge beyond was
nvrept By a pallinj? artillery and rifle lire
I'rom the Tartar wall.
"Th*- Russians stayed where they were
from 2 o'clock until II o'clock in the morn
ing, not daring to advance one step. Two
American companies ander command oi
First Lieutenant Gohn climbed the wall
a little below the gate, receiving a severe
tire. By crawling undei the lee of the
•wall they succeeded in reaching the gat's.
About that time the Russian captain,
vilh sixty men, tried to cross the bridge
I have juft mentioned and only a few of
them escaped the terrible fire. The Ameri
can companies saw that it was impossi
ble to cross the bridge and instead went
through the water immediately behind
the bridge and so got ahead of the Rus-
Bians. The Americans would have been
the firs-t into the fallen city had It not
l>een that no reinforcements came in on
account of the weakness of the American
Staff officers.
Eleven Said to Have Been Put to
Death at Paoting-Fu.
LONDON, Oct. 23.-The Chinese im
broglio is in a state of stagnation.^
Shanghai sends renewed rumors that «he
court at Singanf u 13 sending agents to. col
lect funds In the southern and central
provinces. Advices from Paotfng-Fu
give harrowing accounts of the sufferings
of missionaries at the handa of the Boxers
and it Js reported that ten missionaries
are still at Chongten-Fu.
Tjhe correspondent of the Morning Post
at Paxuing-F*u. wiring October 20. says.
""The Boxers declare that the provincial
treasurer had ordered them to kill all
foreigners. He allowed eleven Amer
icans and four British to be massacred."
MASSACHE OF AMERICANS.
LONDON,- Oct. 29. — Or. Morrison, wir
ing to the Times from Peking under date
of October 26, says: "The Foreign Min
isters in conference to-day decided to add
the nr.mes of Prince YI and Ying Nien to
those of the seven officials whose exceu
tion Franco has demanded.
"It is said that the commander of the
allied troops at Paotlng-Fu has arrested
the provincial treasurer, who was chiefly
responsible tor the Ill-treatment of the
rescued missionaries."
The St. Peters-burg correspondent of the
Daily Express claims to have authority
for the statement that when peace is re
stored Russia will hand back to its own
ers the railway from Tongku to Nlu
cbvrang.
DEMAXD TWO MORE LIVES.
Ministers Ask That Prince Yi and
Ying Nien Be Executed.
is suffering severely In the matter of
trade, which is becoming worse each day."
What impressed . me was the absolute
belifef which bis Excellency held that the
United States could achieve what no other
power could be enabled to, on account of
the long standing feuds and JeaJousIen.
and that was the embodiment of an im
partial court of arbitration., He favored
a court composed of truly independent
men, such as the American- delegates at
The Hague "and not politicians, as arbi
trators, and' his sentiment 'of assurance
that the idea would appeal to Li Hung
Chang Just as well as it did to himself
was striking in its full confidence.
VOLCANO. Oct. 28.— The town turned
out* last night to hear Senator- John F.
Davis and Fred L." Stewart, candidate for
the Assembly, discuss, the issues of the
day. Bonfires blazed ' and dynamite re
sounded in the hills; Enthusiastic cheers
greeted the champions of the present ad
ministration and i the names of - McKinley
and , Roosevelt as the representatives of
national : prosperity. and prestige.
Mass Sleeting at Volcano.
RAYMOND, Oct. 28.— Hon. T. Hutchln
son addressed a large- audience at Buck
ingham . Hall on ' Saturday evening. Mr.
Hutchinson commenced- his address b'y
comparing ' tho present prosperity of the
country with the conditions which pre
vailed during the previous administration.
He then dealt with the course pursued by
the present' Government from the com
mencement of the war with Spain until
the present time.. and showed how Presi
dent McKinley could not consistently have
acted otherwise than he did.- He was fol
low'.d by Mr. Edw,ards of Fresno, on the
Democratic side, who -dealt principally in
vague generalities. , ' . .
and a Democrat at Raymond.
Audience Addressed by a Republican
BOTH SIDES HEABD.
TJKIAH, Oct. 28:— The Republican meet
ing here last night to hear Hon. H. S.
Foote was largely attended and most en
thusiastic'. Mr. . Foote .discussed the trust
question at length, showing that the claim
of the BryanitPS that, trusts had caused
advances in prices of manufactured goods
was not true; en the contrary, .the effect
of the combination of . interests had been
beneficial both to buyers and sellers. On
the question of holding the Philippines he
showed that the responsibility for the rat
ification of the Spanish-American treaty
rested upon W. J. Bryan, and as we. have
already acquired that territory we cannot,
under the constitution and laws, let it go.
The speaker's able efforts were frequent
ly applauded. The effect of Mr. Foote's
visit will be felt on election day.
Trust Question.
Enlightens a Large Audience on the
FOOTE SPEAKS AT TXXIAH.
On Thursday a trip has been arranged
to give the Governor a chance to see the
rich valley of Eel River, where the prize
butter la made, and where the Scotia
plant, the largest' redwood • lumber mill on
the coast, is located. The party will re
turn to Eureka at 4 o'clock in the after
noon, when the Governor will take the
return' steamer for. San Francisco. :
The ladles of Eureka will decorate the
Pavilion for the evening:, -when Governor
Gage will speak.
In the afternoon there will be band con
certs and a grand public reception at the
Vance House, to which every one Is invit
ed. Excursion trains will bring- people
from all parts of. the county and it is be
lieved thousands of people will avail
themselves of the opportunity to see and
meet the Governor.
The steamer Pomona', bringing the Gov
ernor and party, will be met at the en
trance to'tUe bay by a bay boat carrying
100 leading 1 citizens, with bands, j At' the
steamer wharf acting Mayor Poland, the
City Council; Chairman Bull and Secre
tary" Gregor 'of the 'Republican Central
Committee .and leading Republicans will
give his Honor welcome to the city of En.
reka.->- .>•--.-. , .- ¦ , '. . . ¦ ,
EUREKA, Oct. 28.— The reception that
will.be accorded .'Governor Gage on his
arrival. In Humboldt County Wednesday
will be enthusiastic. The people Intend
to show that they feel "honored, for never
before has a 'Governor 'found time to visit
this section of the State.'-
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Occasion ol His Visit to
Humboldt County to Be
Made Memorable.
EUREKA PLANS
RECEPTION TO
THE GOVERNOR
For some time these boys have Jumped
the trains for sport, but as they always
Jumped the blind baggage car their dan
gerous pastime has not heretofore come
to the knowledge of the train men. Young
Noon was a great favorite with every
body. His death will probably stop all
future indulgence in this hazardous sport.
MONTEREY, Oct 2S.— The adventurous
spirits of some youths of this town to-day
resulted In the death of one boy and
another was seriously injured. Nineteen
year-old William Noon, son of Chief
Wharfinger Michael Noon of the Pacific
Coast Steamship Company's wharf at this
place; a son of 4 D. K. Frazier of San Fran
cisco, and two 'or three other boys at
tempted to board the incoming-' afternoon
mail train after it left Del Monte station,
but only one, young Krazler, succeeded in
getting aboard. • • ¦ .¦
Noon missed his footing when almost
aboard and fell beneath 1 the'* train-, 1 ' a- por
tion of his clothing 'catcnlng'6n*the* car.
Ho was dragged fully eighty feet and the
train must have passed over his body sev
eral-, times, as it was badly • mangled.
Young Frazier, upon seeing hjs friend fall.
Jumped off to help him, but fell, himself,
fortunately clear of the train, sustaining
thereby a painful injury to his knee. A
Coroner's jury was at once impaneled by
Acting Coroner Lambert. The verdict
was. accidental death. ..'.-¦
Special Dispatch to The Call,
William Noon's Reckless
ness Costs His Life
at Del Monte.
CRUSHING OUT
OF THE LIFE
OF RASH LAD
SEATTLE, Oct. 28.— James Slorah shot
and killed Annie Mitchell at Dawson on
October 23, immediately afterward . turn-
Ing the same revolver upon himself and
taking his own life. News of the murder
and suicide reached Skaguay • by wire
October 24, and was brought down by- the
steamer Dolphin, arriving to-day. The
particulars are meager. . . , . • ; '
Slorah-was for many years one of the
best known saloon-keepers of Seattle. He
and the Mitchell woman Joined'- in- the
Klondike rush of 1898, returning 1 to • this
city and again starting in company to
Nome early this year. At Nome Slorah
is said to nave lost heavily in gambling,
exhausting- his own monay and all that he
could get from the woman. They returned
from Nome practically penniless on the
steamer Ohio nbout a month ago.
While in this city it is known that the
woman threatened to leave Slorah on ac
count of his dissipation. She started back
to Dav.son, but he secured passage on the
same vessel, and it is supposed that a
continuance of their quarreling resulted
in the murder and suicide. Slorah was
a resident of Seattle for fifteen years.
After the big tire of 1S89 he opened a place
called Slorah's Old Home, v/hlch he main
tained up to the time of the Klondike
boom. Annie Mitchell was , well known
among variety people all along the coast.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Double Tragedy Enacted by
a Former Seattle Resi
dent at Dawson.
GAMBLER KILLS
A WAN, THEN
ENDS HIS LIFE
So much coal was destroyed by the re
cent storm that it was thought there
would be a shortage of fuel during- the
winter. Ledges of the black stuff have,
howevtr, been found at various points
along the coast and now the local market
is being supplied from local mines. Tnis
ccal industry is only yet in its infancy,
but it has shewn up so well that it will
without a doubt make many a man
wealthy in the future.
There is nothing new in mining reports;
that is, nothing nas come -in lately that
has not already been reported. The
Koyukuk.-Bluestone, Tanana and Topkuk
districts are confirming the reports of
their richness. The Bfuestone, in par
ticular, is showing up well, so well in fact
that I do not hesitate to say that next
year it will. outdo Nome itself in its out
put. The Arctic district, just over the
divide from Cape York, is attracting much
attention and a stampede has already set
out that way. One man recently returned
from there with $17,00), the result of about
two weeks' labor en a claim he had lo
cated, i Gold is also reported as having
been discovered on St. Matthews Island.
The whole isle is said to be seamed with
the precious metal and emme of its water
ways are said to pay as high as $25 to the
pan.
As I am writing this the transport Law
ton is coming to anchor. The mission of
the Lawton i? to bring Nome's indigents
back to their homes. When she is ready
to depart the idle, vicious and criminal of
the camp will be gathered together and
t-hipped on her to the outside, so when you
see the Lawton reported you may expect
a choice collection to be dumped on your
shores. The Nome vagrant is the hardest
specimtn of his kind I ever ran across.
Speaking of vessels arriving brlng3 me
to the narrow escape- of the Robert Dol
lar. The Dollar's captain was evidently
bound for Anvil Mountain, as he kept his
vessel straight ahead until she was
stopped by the beach. She remained stuck
in the mud for about twenty-four hours
and it is only owing to the revenue cutter
Bear and Providence that she at last got
off and escaped leaving her bones beside
those of the Skookum.
Tnough thore has been practically no
gun play in the camp lor tne last two or
three months, me number of felonies,
burglaries and highway robberies nad
been so great as to cause General Ran
dall to again put on a military patrol,
fcioldicrs now parade the streets day and
nignt and endeavor by their presence to
awe the mailactors with some show of
respect for Lhe laws. Notwithstanding
the presence of the b'uecoats, the crimi
nals go right ahead with their work and
every njgnt is marked by anywhere from
three to half a dozen crimes of various
sorts. *
whole, though growing colder day by day.
We had two or three small snowstorms
last month, and though we have had none
since, the weather nab been growing con
stantly more Arctic m Its cnuracter and a
coming: winter already begins to cast
its shadows bofore. The last boat has
come down the iukon: on wnich stream
the slush ice nas already made its ap
pearance, effectively putting a stop to
navigation.
The winter population of Nome will run
somewhere near 4uw. 'i he balance of
those now in here ai« getting ready to re
turn to their nomes by one or another of
the vessels" of tne last outgoing Meet and
those who are to remain here lor the en
suing eight months are burying them
selves In sealing anu furnishing their
cabins .and .laying in a winter supply, of
fetores, not tne kaSu to be considered
article of whicn is tne cook.
Sickness and death are not at all com
mon here. The climate, if one will but
take proper care of one's self. Is as
beaithy ixa any in the world. True, it is
damp and cola, but a little good, common
sense will &o offset these disadvantages
that there is really not much to tear. The
best proof of this is the death list at
None for the past year. Only eighty
seven people have died in over twelve
months, and many of these have met their
late throuph accident.
No one should come to Nome next sea
son expecting to make money in the mines
of this particular district. Every foot of
ground lor miles around has an owner ajid
there is absolutely no chance for a new
comer to acquire possession of any piece
cf property save by purchase. Should he
buv he is more than liable to find that his
investment has made him an interested
party in half a dozen law suits as well as
m a placer claim.
The thing for a man to do is to come to
Alaska expecting to spend not less than
three years; to come prepared to do the
hardest sort of manual labor and to face
all sorts of privation and danger; to
"mush" over thousands of miles of terri
tory in quest of the wealth he is seeking
ana to meet with disappointment after dis
appointment before lie finds the realiza
tion of his golden dream. No man ehould
come here with less than a year's pro
visions and tZtfj in cash.
We have had no big gale here since the
one of a fow veeJca ajjo. The water front
portion cf the camp, which was wrecked
by this storm, has not been rebuilt, nor
Will be, as the authorities, warned by a
past experience, have' lorbidden the erec
tion of any new buildings in so dangerous
«. locality. Since that &rea-t catastrophe
the weather has been pretty fair on the
The reports that are continually coming
la from adjacent districts all speak oi
rich discoveries that have hvezi uecentiy
made, and two places. Uluesione and Arc
tic districts in particular, look so well
that they prrrmtia to out4o Nome itself in
th.9 wealth of their outputs.
I\'o one can expect to make a fortune In
Alaska without worklnc for it, and work
lES good and hard at that. The instances
la which a competency is acquired in a
Tew months are so rare as to be almost
isolated- The country' is pregnant wit la
mineral richness, but it requires perse
vering cflort. conscientious endeavor and
untiring labor for one to get one's share
©f. it, This country is no place for men
of clerical or other sedentaj-y pursuits.
The euccesstul man in Alaska must be es
eenUally a man of his hands, and muscle
wlU win over brains in every instance
where the latter is not backed by capital.
NOME, Oct. ".—The camp !s rapidly
thinning out and getting down to its prob
able winter population of between thirty
five hundred and four thousand people.
Every vessel that departs takes with It
great crowds of disappointed fold seekers
who, no doubt, return home and spread
broadcast through the land most heart
rending tales of the awful conditions ex
isting and the terrible hardships endured
In the fake El Dorado of the north. As
a matter of fact these yarns are so much
bosh. Nome is only a fake in so far as
it ha* been made one by these same pil
grims from the outside. There is plenty of
fold In the district itself which will be
put Into circulation if that New York
Ej-r.cjcii.te can be compelled to do the right
thing and prevented from jumping and
tying up in litigation every claiin in the
country that is worth working.
BY F"RED A\. HEALY.
SANTA ROSA, Oct. 28.— A throng
of fully 3000 people assembled to
day, to witness the. laying of the
cornerstone of St. Rose's new
etoiie church. For fully a block B
street was crowded with vehicles, and the
people were wedged between, eager to wit
ness the impressive, ceremonies that ac
companied the setting of the granite
block. The structure rises directly from
tho sidewalk, and the position of the stone
in the northeast or tower corner, ten feet
above the ground, gave a general view of
the ceremonies.
His Grace Archbishop Riordan. who set
the stone, was assisted by five priests and
six little purpie cassocked acolytes. The
priests were Father J. M. Cassin, pastor
of St. Rose's; Father Leahy of Petaluma
Father Mackay of Tomales. Father Mul
ligan, secretary to the Archbishop, and
Father O'Xell of the Dominican Church,
San Francisco. The last named delivered
the sermon.
Serving as master mason at" the stone
setting was Daniel Sheerln of San Fran
cisco, the donor of the block and the man
who raised the first money for the build
ing of old St. Rose's Church, fully forty
years ago. The stone is a granite block
of eight cubic feet. Chiseled on its face -
Special Dispatch* to The Call.
noma County.
Structure Is a Credit
to the City and
First Stone Church to
Be, Erected in So-
Archbishop Riordan Officiates at the Impressive Cere-
Arctic Winter Is Closing Down on the
Camp and All Who Do Not
Intend Staying Are
Hurrying Away.
RICH DISCOVERIES
MADE IN DISTRICTS
ADJACENT TO NOME
SON AND NEPHEW
OF GENERAL CARR
LOSE THEIR LIVES
Two Young Men Drowned in Lake
Washington, Near Seattle, While on
a Duck-Hunting Ex
pedition.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
ST. ROSE'S CHURCH AT SANTA ROSA AS' IT. WILL APPEAR WHEN
COMPLETED AND ITS PASTOR. FATHER- CASSIN. THE CORNER
STONE OF THE NEW EDIFICE WAS LAID YESTERDAY
it will have cost .$20,000. The dedication
will take place some time In the spring
or early summer. Father Cassin, the pas
tor, to whose efforts the congregation
owes the elegant structure, was formerly
of St. Brigid's, San Francisco. He is high
ly esteemed by Catholics and Protestants
alike.
are a cross and the date, and within is a
sealed copper box containing mementos
of the old structure. • . - .
St. Rose's is a parish of about 600 mem
bers, and the edifice of worship which
they are building is the only stone church
in Sonoma County and the- first stone
structure in this city. When completed
SEATTLE. Wash., Oct. 28.— Clark C.
Carr, the son, and Torrey Carr, the
grand nephew of General Clark E. Carr,
were drowned in Lake Washington early
this morning. News of the accident camo
in late this afternoon and a steamer was
immediately taken out to where their ca
noe'was picked up,, but darkness set in
before any dragging for the bodies could
be done. . ,v
Clark C. Carr was about 23 years old
and had lived in Seattle only a few weeks,
coming out from Galesburg, 111., the home
of his rather, to continue the study of
law i'i the olP.ce of his uncle, General
E. M. Carr, of the ilrm of Preston. Carr
& Gllnian of this city. Torrey Carr was
16 years old and a son of B. O. Carr
of this city, who Is a brother of E. M.
Carr and a nephew of General Clark E.
Carr. Torrey Carr was a student in the
University of Washington.
The two young men started on a ducK
hunting expedition early this morniDg.
taking a Peterborough canoe at Lescn»
Park on Lake Washington about 4 a. m.
They took with them a setter dog and
a quantity of cold lunch. They were last
seen off the north end of Mercer Island
by other hunters about 6 o'clock.
According to the reports brought to the
cily this evening cries were heard from
tho north end of the island about 7 o'clock,
but little attention was paid, as those who
heard supposed some hunters were call
ing for their dog. About 9 o'clock Gus
Hawercamp, a Mercer Island rancher,
started in a boat for. Leschi Park and
came across the Peterborough canoe bot
tom side up about half a mile from the
north end of the island. He took the
canoe in tow and brought it to the park,
where it was immediately recognized as
the one taken out by the Carr boys.
Shortly afterward "W. IT. Flnck of this
city, who was also out hunting, picked
up two caps, and several fresh apples,
which had been part of the lunch of the
unfortunote hunters. Coming toward
Leschi Park he also picked up a couple
of paddles belonging to the canoe.
The .news was quickly sent in from
Leschl Park to E. 11 Carr and B. O. Carr
of this city, who as soon as ararngements
could be made chartered the steamer
•Haas and for several hours cruised about
Mercer Island, with the vain hope that
the boys had gotten ashore. They found
the setter, which had swam ashore, but
no trace of the hunters could be discov
ered. As the hour grew late no attempt
was made to drag the bottom for tn©
bodies, but the search will be taken up
early to-morrow morning.
The theories of the cause of th« accident,
are many. It Is thought that th» recoil a£
a gun may have upset the canoe, or th»
dog may have become excited after a shot
and upset the frail craft. Both of the.
boys were known to be able swimmers,
and for many hours the hope was cher
ished that they had got ashore, bnt tho
careful search of Mercer Island, the near
est land, failed to reveal a trace beyond
the finding of the doar.
The news will fall heavily upon General
Clark E. Carr, who is touring the "West
In the interests of the Republican national
ticket. General Carr was in Seattle only
last Wednesday, and In addition to ad
dressing a splendid gathering of people on
the issues of the campaign he participated,
in a sort of family reunion. Here he found
his son and two nephews and their fami
lies.
General Carr spoke in Spokane Friday
nlgbt and went on East. He expected to
make several speeches In Montana, and la
probably now :n that State.
by such parties of Immense properties
and the evils of teaching prejudice to the
republic, declaring that "the existence of
such a rival power within the state con
stitutes an intolerable situation, which
demands an immediate solution."
He also announced that the Government
would present a bill providing for old-ago
pensions.
"The- crisis through which we have Just
passed," he continued, "has been on© of
grrowth. We have triumphed over death
germs, w e appeared to be prostrated, but
we find ourselves stronger than ever. If
we seemed beyond recovery it 13 only r^
regain the ardor and union that former'^
made us so confident and full of hlg T
hopes. We have restored our shattered
unity. A great T^mocratic party may be
formed, with Increased activity on the
part of the Government and Increased se
curity for our Institutions, as well as more
liberty, more fraternity and more Jus
tice."
The speech was followed by cheering
that lasted for several minutes, the as
"emblasre raisin? crle3 of "Vive 'Waldeck-
Rousseau'." and "Vive le republlque!"
CAMPBELL'S BODY FOTJND.
Becovered From the Sacramento River
Near Redding.
REDDING. Oct. 2S.— The body of D. H.
Campbell, who was drowned In Rock
Creek on October 19, was to-day recovered
from the Sacramento River on. the. out
skirts of Redding. The body was found
by F. B. McGovern, who was gathering
wood on the river tranfc:' • l - ¦
Mr. Campbell was manager of the cater
ing: department of the Mountain Copper
Company and was prominent In both
business and social circles. "With George
A. Bridges, accountant for the mlnirs
corporation, Mr. Campbell was returning
to Keswlck after attending a bail given
In conjunction with the Grand Encamp
ment of Odd Fellows. Unacqtu-.nted with
the desperate risk of attempting: to fortl
creeks in Shasta County after a heavy
rain the young men drove into storm
swollen Rock Creek and were swept to
their death In the raging current. The
body of Bridges was recovered shortly
»"«• _ . — _ '?;*:
France and Russia "Will Accepi
VIENNA, Oct. 28.— The sexnl-offldal
Polltlsche i Correspondenz asserts that
Prance and Russia, after discussion, have
decided to accept the Anglo-German
treaty. ___
LAYING OF CORNERSTOKIE
OF NEW ST. ROSE'S CHURCH
THE SAK FRANCISCO CAIX, MONDAY/ OCTOBEK 29, 1900.
2
The Day's Dead
DR. GROSSMAN'S SPECIFIC MIXTURES
For the cnr« 01 GONORRHOEA. GL.EKT3,
STRICTURES and tn&lagou* complaints of U14
Organs of Generation. .
Prlca n a bottle. For sal* by drujprUt*. ]
visit OR- JORDAN'S great
MUSEUM OF ANATOMY
Ck i:s *mra? zs. ut saara. sjr.ca.
Mr The Lowest Anatomical Museum in tho
,_^jfl-^ World. Wekt.-ie«.f9» of any contracted
"fS 2rt «•¦*;*'• p*r»l«l»«-ljr eur»J by the cltleu
f£;^ii i^ecialiitcB tf*. Cout Em. 3670*1*.
flSkf i OS. «JCaOAH-PE!T» ATE DISEASES
iMMB to3»ult»:ion frcfl »nd strictly prime.
I JCmVJI Trt nment perionally ct by lettir. A
a f/VllR *" "** Cwtiact-ty caieuaJertaien.
r 'f ll£> w -itc for B^ok.pau.O'iuruy.t
I M IJ'i atAnniAsc, muled »um. 4 a
Q £j. walu-bie boo!: (or mraj
DU. IURDAS A CO.. KOI Marfcet St..& P.
success
The opening is over— «
grand success. San Fran-
cisco's newest shoe store is
San Francisco's busiest
shopping place. Hundreds .
of new friends visited us
Saturday and to-day we
count them as customers.
We're ready now for reg- ;
j ular business and make spe-
cial offerings to induce yoa
to continue your liberal pat-
. ronage of the opening day.
Women's Lace or
Button Vici Kid Shoes,
a single sole and styl-
ish toe, patent leather
I or kid tips; a modestly
priced but fashionable
dress shoe. Introduc-
tory price.. $1.95 I
Strong Street Shoe
for Men. Calfskin, don-
| gola kid top, round toe
and well-shaped last,
lace. There's more than
ordinary value at the
" introductory price......
$2.25
UPPITT & FISHER
Cp- ta-diU Shoes of Quality.
943 Market Street,
Halt's formtr star*. -THE MAN BEHIND THE ICE.
- . .-: & ¦
CHINESE DEPORTED.
Judge Estee at Honolulu Denies
Landing to Young Woman.
HONOLULU, T. H., Oct. 20.— United
States Judge M. M. Estee refused to ad
mit Yap Keau, a young Chinese girl, and
ordered ' her*- deported to China ¦.- last
Wednesday the' nth.- The girl claimed
to have been born in Honolulu, and when
6 years iof ¦ age - was taken to .Hongkong
by . her mother,\who died. The I court de
cided that • the evidence was insufficient.
Two little Chinese « children were refused
permission" to >. land because they did , not
nave " papers ¦ entitling them to enter,' and
were « sent :: to China by the Coptic on
Wednesday. : The parents remained In
Honolulu.-' ; [ '¦:?*¦"¦'.,.* '-'¦¦¦ '¦''¦"'.-¦ :¦-- ¦->
Comte , d'Anvers Killed.
*;, PARIS, Oct.; 28.— Comte Capen d'Anvers,
a . well-known ' figure i in < Parisian ' society,
was - killed ' to-day ln an automobile ; acci
dent near Mezleresw ¦¦• s - ' .«
POSTOFFICE . CLERKS JOIN '
FEDERATION OF . LABOR
Will Seek to Gain a Shorter Working
Day and the Fixing: of a Wage -
Schedule.
CHICAGO. Oct. 28.— The Postofflco
clerks of Chicago to-day entered the
ranks of the trad© unionists. The clerks
have affiliated themselves with th© Amer
ican Federation of Labor and the new or
ganization will be known as the Chicago
PostofHce Clerks' Union. It is claimed
that practically all of the 1400 postofflce
employes in Chicago are Included in the
movement.
Foremost among the objects for which
the new union is to -strive will be tha
adoption of the eight-hour working day
for letter carriers.:. Another ¦ object to be
given almost equal prominence will be the
agitation in favor of Federal legislation
that will fix absolutely the rate of wages
for letter carriers and other postofnee
employes, taking, the .matter completely
out of the hands of the "promotion board"
and other similar agencies.
It is to be a labor union pure and sim
ple and will direct its efforts solely to tho
problem of bettering "thejot of the rank
and file of the postofflce employes.
NEW YORK. Oct. 28.— The Call Is au
thorized to deny the report that Mrs.
Marion McKay Leroy is engaged to marry
Joseph Leiter. ecn of L. Z. Leiter of Chl
raro. Mm. Leroy. who obtained a divorce
from her husband, Stuyvesant Leroy of
New York, last summer, is at present In
Part* with her mother. Mrs. James B. Mc-
Kay of Chicago. She has planned to spend
the month of November ln Itajy with her
brother-in-law and sister, Mr. and Mrs.
Albert W. Goodrich, and expects to return
to New York some time in December.
Mrs. Leroy probably will remain in this
city a few days before coins' to her homo
la Chicago.
Says She Is Not Engaged to Wed
Joseph Leiter.
MBS. LEHOY'S DEUTAL.
food in private, so that when the other
members of the family have appeared
they have found neither the Czar nor the
Czarina at the table. The Czar, whose
devotion to his wife is something which
all of the ladies of the court describe as
truly beautiful to witness, will not let the
Czarina dine alone, and he dines with her
tete-a-tete.
Why the Czarina does not dine in com
pany will already have be-en guessed by
the ladles who read this. It Is "the little
secret" — th.at secret which brings so much
joy to families, and especially Into this
family, where every hope, with that of the
entire country, centers In the desire that
the next blessing sent to the family may
be a son and heir.
This event, which is not very immediate,
will probably cause the court to remain
here a considerable time longer. So once
ajrain ever)' one is speculating: and hoping.
Three times now have the hopes of the
Russian nation that a son might be born
to Its EmprefS tuffered disappointment.
The children of the Czar are all girls.
lishing Con-.pauy.
YALTA, Oct. 2S.— The Czar has come to
Uvadla by order of his doctor for a rest.
There is a little secret to be told, which
I think is here told for the first time. Dur
ing the last few days the Czarina had not
been down to her usual meals. She has
•wished, for certain reasons, to. take her
Special Cable to The Call and New York Her
ald. Copyright. 1S00. by the Herald Pub-
Bussian Court May Be Delayed for
Some Time at
Yalta.
CZABINA IS EXPECTING
VISIT FROM THE STORK
Saxton for lunch. Mrs. Saxton Is an aunt
of the ladles.
A few social callers were received dur
ing the day and evening, including an im
promptu delegation of commercial trav
elers, who called to shake hand3 with tha
President. They were received ln the re
ception room and a few pleasant words
exchanged.' Eleven different States were
represented in the party from New Eng
land to the Pacific. ,
McOAXL'S POLL OP STATES.
McKinley Certain of Two Hundred
and Seventy-Three Electoral Votes.
NEW YORK. Oct. 28.— President John
A. McCall of the New York Life Insur
ance Company, through his agents in
every state in the Union, had up to last
night obtained the opinions of 61.191 voters
as to the result of the national election
on November 6. A table made up from
the majority of opinions of these voters
follows:
McKINLEY'B ELECTORAL VOTE.
States— No. States— No.
California 9,?Corth Dakota 3
Connecticut- 6iOhio 23
Delaware 8'Oregon 4
Illinois 24, Pennsylvania 32
Indiana 15. Rhode Island 4
Iowa 13, South Dakota. 4
Kansas lOiVermont 4
Maine 6 i Washintjton 4
Massachusetts 15 West Virginia 6
Michigan ." 14 Wisconsin 13
Minnesota 9 Wyoming a
New Hampshire 4 „_
New Jersey 10 Total 273
New York 36
BRYAN'S ELECTORAL VOTE.
States— No. States— No.
Alabama 11 Nebraska g
Arkansas 8 Nevada 3
Colorado 4 North Carolina U
Florida..... 4 South Carolina. 9
Georgia 13 Tennessee 12
Kentucky 13'Texas IS
Louisiana 8 Utah 3
Mississippi 9 Virginia 13
Missouri 17
Montana 3 Total 163
DOUBTFUL.
States— No
Idaho 3
Maryland ....; 8
Total "^
The vote in Utah is exceedingly close
and many Republicans believe the State
will be found in the" McKinley* column.
HAWAIIAN BEGISTRATTON.
Figures Less by 3OOO Than They
Were Under the Monarchy. .
HONOLULU, Oct. 20.— The official re
turns for the registration in all the
islands of the Territory have been re
ceived. Only 11,216 persons registered in
the entire group for the coming election.
This It 3000 less than the registration
during ihe last year under the monarchy
and sho\7s that, despite the efforts of the
various parties, there is. considerable In
difference felt throughout the Territory.
By islands. the registration is as follows:
Hawaii, 2715; Maul, 2058; Oahu, which in
cludes HonoluIu^BTM^Kaual, 739. v-
Progress of Woolley's Train.
ALBANY, N. Y., Oct. 28.— The Prohibi
tion special train with John G. Wool
ley and party aboard, rested on a siding
at Saratoga to-day until 2:45 this after
noon, when it was attached to the rear
of . a regular train arriving at Albany
at 4:20.' The party went to Herklmer to
night. Seven stops are scheduled for to
morrow/
Roosevelt Takes a Itaive.
BINGHAMTON, N. T., Oct. 28.-Gov
ernor Roosevelt spent the day very quiet
ly here, taking a Ion? drive with Mrs.
Roosevelt during the day and'golng to the
Episcopal church in the evening. The
trip to-morrow includes but three stops—
Cortlandt, Ithaca and Elmlra— where the
party Will stay for the night.
man Richardson and several local poli
ticians.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
-Mr. and Mrs. Bryan then- left the hotel
and walked through Madison Square to
the Madison Square Presbyterian Church.
When Mr. Bryan first appeared on the
street there were very few people about,
but those "who- were there instantly recog
nized him and with many a shout fol
lowed him to the door of the church.
The Yale and Harvard boys, who came. to
New York with Mr. Bryan on Saturday,
¦were also at the church and occupied
seats" a short "distance in front of Mr.
Bryan. ..
Dr. ParkhursV the pas.tor, was not In
formed of Mr. Bryan s presence and his
sermon was an exposition of a portion of
the Scriptures. Word - was evidently
passed through the congregation during
the. service that Mr. Bryan was in the
church, for when the benediction was
pronounced almost the entire congregation
made a dash for the doors ¦ and crowded
the sidewalk and street In front of the
building. This crowd was augmented by
those who were" on the street and in the
square and by the time the party reached
the hotel two thousand persons crowded
about them. So dense was the crowd, in
fact, that It became necessary for several
park policemen to go in advance of Mr.
Bryan and .clear a way for him. As he
disappeared in the entrance of the hotel
the crowd cheered. *
Mr. Bryan slept In hie room from 1
o'clock until 5, when he dined. From the
time he finished dinner until 9 o'clock to
night, when he left the Hoffman House,
there was a steady stream of callers. Mr.
and Mrs. Bryan were both kept busy
shaking hands. Among the callers were
Congressman Sulzer Frank Campbell,
James McGuire, ex-Governor "VN ullam J.
Stone and Congressman. Richardson.
At 9 o'clock Mr. -Bryan a-d party left
the hotel for the Granu Central station,
where they took the. train for Albany. A
squad of twenty-two policemen, two
roundsmen and a sergeant kept the crowd
back, and a platoon of twenty mounted
"policemen escorted Mr. Bryan to the sta
tion.. Notwithstanding the fact that his
departure .was -not announced in any of
the morning papers, the peopl 2 appeared
to find it out In some way, and 3000 were
gathered about the hotel eagerly awaiting
his appearance. As soon as he emerged
with Mrs. Bryan a great shout went up.
On the way up Broadway to the station
crowds of people- lined the streets on
either side and shout after snout rent the
air. At the Grand Central station Mr!
Bryan was at once recognized by the
crowds awaiting their trains, and it was
with. great difficulty that the police held
the people back and kept a passageway
for the party.
Mr. Bryan's private car. the Rambler,
was attached to the New York Central,
which was scheduled to leave at 9:30. As
the: train pulled out .with Mr. and Mrs.
Bryan on the rear platform there were
more cheers. ''...., :
. Mr. Bryan will stop first at Albany and
will- come , back to-morrow, arriving at
Weehawken at 6:25 p. m., where he will
be met by Congressman Sulzer and driven
to Hamilton Fish Park for a ten-minute
speech, thence to the Academy of Music
in Brooklyn, arriving there at 7:30, where
he is to address a meeting. He will speak
also at seven other places in Brooklyn
during the evening. .
COMMENT OF BXJSSIAU" PRESS.
Interest \ Displayed in the Coming
Election in" the United States.
ST." PETERSBURG, Oct. 28.— The Rus
sian press is displaying - considerable In
terest in the coming election ln the United
States. 8everal organs have reached the
conclusion that both parties occupy vir
tually the same position. Regarding ¦ Im
perialism, Prince -Utomskl's paper, the
Viedomosti, says:
"It is not important which candidate is
elected, and it will be useful to observe
the advance and reflux of the imperialistic
wave." '¦ ;' ¦' ¦-" ¦¦ -¦ ¦ ;-_..-W.-iT-
The paper adds: "American imperialism
regards colonies as a means, not an end.
America --: wishes economic domination
over the universe, Which explains her ef
forts to girdle the world with colonies.
She desires a foothold in China, and even
In Turkey, as the recent Indemnity affair
showed. American - imperialism, unlike
that of • England, is not due to economic
necessity, since now the market » Is big
enough. ' ;
The paper expresses the opinion that the
imperialistic wave has receded markedly
since 1898, and it contrasts imperialism
with' Monroeism, ' adding: "Monroeism is
embarrassing to " the imperialists, who
realize. that, America cannot interfere in
other hemispheres while forbidding Euro
pean interference in '.the 'American hemis
phere."-- : ..,.¦:,'--- . ;-.- -: : , ¦ ' . -
QTTIET- SABBATH AT CAffTON.
President's Visitors.
Commercial Travelers Among the
, CANTON;. Ohio, Oct: ; 28.— President Mc-
Kinley; attended i church' this :\ morning^
Later ¦ the '.' President • and ' Mrs., McKinley
end Captain t and- Mrs.* Me William 3 went
to ' the country * home of. Mrs, Mattie 0,
With the Election Only a Week Distant There Is Naught
to Give Hope to the Democratic Candidate.
NEW YORK. Oct. 28.— Only one week
remains of the Presidential campaign.
New York State has been the battlefield
for two weeks, and will continue to be so
until the end. The Democrats are playing
for the thirty-six electoral votes of the
Empire State, and unless they get them
William J. Bryan has no chance of being
elected President of the United States.
From outward signs The Call sees no
reason to change its estimate of the prob
abilities already printed. The Call on
October 1 printed an electoral table made
up from reports received from correspond
ents who had been in the doubtful States.
This table showed the following:. For Mc-
Klnley. 258; for Bryan, 168; doubtful, a. ,
. A fuller and more comprehensive can
vass of the United States had been made
by Sunday, October 21, and The Call on
that date printed another table, indicating
281 electoral votes for McKinley and 166
for Bryan.
As political weather gauges, one politi
cal demonstration offsets another. If the
Bryan reception meant that all of the
male spectators intended to vote for Mr.
Bryan and If the Roosevelt affair meant
that all of the male spectators intended to
vote for McKinley. then Bryan Is going to
have a vote in Greater New York that will
make the State doubtful. It is only on
some such assumption that New \ork
State can be considered doubtful. If there
is an undercurrent that is concealed by
Ithe crowds that greet the Republican
candidates and made known only by the
crowds that greet the Democratic candi
date, then Mr. Bryan has a chance of
This is Richard Croker's theory. It is
also Mr. Bryan's. They claim that there
is a tremendous vote swayed by a deep
undercurrent that will not make known
its Intention until election day. Hope of
this vote being cast for Bryan Is based on
the demonstrations in this city and In
New Jersey and Maryland. 'and not upon
the greeting extended to the Democratic
candidate during his first tour of rural
New York. His further Journey of the
State, beginning to-day, will .be watched
with close interest. If he has a welcome
much more genial than was accorded him
before Republicans may well look out.
But, all other conditions remaining equal,
the Republicans rest easy regarding the
outcome in New York.
In other States conditions have not
greatly changed. The battle in the
East reveals undiminlshed confidence on
the Republican side and renewed activity
by the Democrats. . Reports from West
Virginia. Maryland and Delaware vary.
The Democrats, • feeling the groundswell
caused by Mr. Bryan's speeches, think
they see a chance to carry these States.
On the other hand, sound money Demo
crats, especially ln Maryland, are becom
ing more and more aggressive and are
marking up their majorities. The Indiana
campaign continues with , undiminished
vigor. Democrats report encouragement
from campaign contributions from ¦ other
States. This indicates that the Bryan
managers are getting assistance from
some unusual sources. The same report
comes from West Virginia, where large
sums were* received ln at least three coun
ties last week.
In many campaigns the battle has been
lost ln the laet two or three weeks of the
struggle. Blaine was ln the lead in 1884,
so all his supporters believe. 'as late; as
October 10, yet he had bad luck and worse
management. His attendance at the Del
monico dinner and the famous : speech of
Rev.' Dr. Burchard lost him the election.
So, too, In 1888 Cleveland would have been
elected if he had had proper work done for
him in New York State. .
In the last days of the present campaign
much hard work will be done. Governor
Roosevelt and Chauncey M. Depew will
tour New '.York from end to end.- Mr.
Bryan will speak in the State to-morrow
and Tuesday and then ' will go West,
speaking in Ohio,- Indiana. Illinois "and
Nebraska. John - B." Stanchfleld. W.
Bourke Cockran and David B. Hill will
address meetings- almost continuously
during the week. '
From the Republican . standpoint • the
wind-up, of the New York fight will be on
Saturday. All signs point to the conclu
sion that this event will be one of the
greatest civic pageants ever held in .the
Kast. . It is promised that there ; will be
140,000 men In line. Such a demonstration
would disprove the Bryan claim that there
Is a groundswell for their candidate: .* If
it should prove to r be a failure then Re
publicans might have ; occasion to be ap
prehensive. • • •
The betting continues to be five to one
on McKinley. , >v ..
EAOEBFOB/ALOOZ AT BBTABT.
Emerges From Church.
Crowd Surrounds the Democrat as He
NEW YORK, Oct. 28— Mr. and ; Mrs.
Bryan breakfasted at ¦ 10 , o'clock in their
hotel with ex-Governor William J. Stone
and several; others. :: After breakfast the
party adjourned > to Mr. : Bryan's !-;• room,
where the candidate ¦ received - Congress'
BRYAN MAKES NO PROGRESS IN
THE FIGHT FOR NEW YORK'S VOTE
N*EW YORK, Oct. 28.— It is said ln
Paterson. X. J., that the present Grand
Jury will take up the Inquiry into the
death of Jennie Bosschieter, for whose
murder McAlister. Death. Campbell and
Kerr are confined ln jail. Statements hav
ing appeared tending to show that there
would likely be a delay by the author
ities, it is given out that the investigation
is to be pushed vigorously. Dr. Town
send, who refused to appear on the wit
ness stand yesterday, will appear at tha
inquest next Tuesday night. His reason
for not answering the subpena was an
order from the authorities to testify re
garding the visit of the prisoners to him
on the night of the murder. Dr. Town
send now makes the following statement
or the midnight call and in connection
with the case:
"it has Deen sta.ted that the four men
made two caiis at my ofllce and that the
girl was alive wnen ihe carriage llrst ar
rived. They came but once,- and it was
then too late to render aid to the unfor
tunate girl. 1 am positive of the exact
time of their arrival, because when the
bell rang at the heaa of the bed 1 looked
at the clock on the mantel and saw it
was 2 o"clock. Through the speaking tube
I inquired the cause of the summons, and
was told that there had been an accident
and was asked to come at once. Through
the tube 1 asked particulars and was met
with the word that the patient was in a
carriage at the door. It was cold, but I
waltea only to put on a bath robe and
went down stairs. When the door was
opened two men whom I knew as George
Kerr and Walter McAlister shoved me
inbide and quickly- stepped inside. Then
I was to!d that a young woman had been
hurt and both men declared that they
would carry her in.
"But without parley I brushed them
aeide and wont out to the carriage. It
was a big two-seated rig that 1 had seen
often at the Erie depot. 1 did not see
the hackman. There were two men
standing at the curb near the carriage. I
knew Campbell by sight. Inside the car
riage a young woman was half seated,
half lying across the back of the rear
seat. Her head lay sidewise across her
breast. 1 lifted her head and laid it back
gently. It was limp and lifeless. The
clothing was disarranged, the hair hang
ing about her neck and shoulders. Her
waist had been lossened and only the two
top buttons of the waist were buttoned.
There waa no pulse. The heart had been
stilled.
"Then I climbed on the rig to make
a closer examination of the four men
gathered at the side of the carriage. Their
laces were white and they looked a ques
tion. The body was cold. "Boys," I said
to them, "I can do nothing, she Is dead "
They seemed to draw back and were all
together when I stepped within the door
and left them in conference at the curb.
It was five minutes after 2 when 1 re
turned upstairs."
Dr. Townsend said the men had In
sisted that the woman should be taken
into his otiiie, even after he had* pro
nounced her dead. Early the next day he
saw the account of the rinding of the body
of Jennie Bosschieter near Wagram
bridge.
During his examination of the young
woman in the carriage it had been too
dark to distinguish the features and the
circumstance* of the position of the body,
with the gash in the back of the head and
the fractured skull reported in the au
topsy added to the mystery.
On Friday afternoon he decided to seek
the advice of professional friends, who
were made acquainted with the full de
tails. When it appeared that the cases
wtre identical, the authorities were noti
fied.
Dr. Townsend visited the chief of police
and gave the information in his posses
sion and the arrests followed.
Dr. Townsend Makes a State
ment in Bcsschieter
Case. \
EVIDENCE THAT
MAY HANG THE
FOUR SUSPECTS
POUGHKEEPSIE, X. V., Oct. 28.— For
several days past the corridors of Vassar
College have been hung with campaign
posters announcing that a Republican
mass>-meetiug would be held in Phil Ha.l
la.st night. The poeters were enormous
uttuXra, bearing sucn devices a3 tne full
dinner pail, the p*riy elephant, etc. The
nieeiing was much ;arger man the one
hc-ia by the Hea^ocraiic students when
.Mr. Bryan spoke there.
At 6 o'clock a procession formed on the
t'jurth floor and marched through the dif
ferent corridors to. Phil Hall. The girls
formed lines aiong the hall and fell in be
hind like boys following a circus parade.
Tiie procession *.rai headed by a band of
forty pieces, the instruments being combs,
bass emms and cymbals. The musicians
made a very striding appearance ln yel
luw three-cornered caps and knickerbock
ers, blue ecats lined v.-ith yeilow satin and
powdered wigs. Soldiers paced up and
down before the door of tne hail and a
number of corpulent policemen were sta
tioned within to suppress any outburst
of Bryani5Ta. In the nail were hung huge
pictures of McKinley and the stage was
Craped with flags.
The chairman of the meeting introduced
as the first speaker Mr. Marcus Hanna,
who made a brief address, baying:
"Though we have made a few mistakes
during tne past four years we have done
our best, and pleae« consider every vote
you cast for Bryan is an insult to me."
After the Fpeeca of Mr. Hanna's im
personator the band played a patriotic
air and a female voice in the entrance
said. "Come in, George." and Mr. and
Mrs. George Dewey entered. They took
seats on the platform and the spectators
went wild with enthusiasm.
The second speaker of the evening was
Hon. Chauncey M. Depew, who looked
very lifelike and told many interesting.
humorous stories. After his speech four
laboring men attired in patched overalls
came on the stage and sang a selection
ar.d flourished full dinner pails and ban
dana, handkerchiefs at the audience.
The climax of the meeting was the ap
pearance of Theodore Rooswelt attired in
Kough Rider costume. Ho said he was
not there to lead a charge up San Juan
Hill, but to make a crusade on noise in
college after 10 p. m. He concluded by
paying that he, the Governor of New
York State, the prospective Vice Presi
dent of the United States and admirer of
Vassar College, merely wished the stu
dents to remember one thing — to vote for
the right men, William McKinley and
Theodore Roosevelt.
Hold Republican Meeting
and Impersonate Party
Leaders.
VASSAR GIRLS
IN A TRAVESTY
ON POLITICS
Mr. Morton, then Minister to France, that
"the Government of the United States
would regard with grave anxiety any at
tempt en the part of France to force by
hostile pressure the payment by Venezu
ela of her debt to French citizens." The
same view would be taken of any action
on the part of Germany contemplating im
mediate payment of the debt due German
capitalists or the acquisition by. Germany
of Venezuelan territory instead. In his
famous message to Congress President
Monroe declared "that we should consid
er any attempt on their part (the nations
of Europe) to estend their system to any
portion of this hemisphere as dangerous
to our peace and safety." Acquisition by
Germany .of territory in Venezuela conse
quently would be in violation -of the Mon
roe doctrine.
Naval officers say that Germany could
have only one object in establishing a
naval station In the Western Hemisphere,
and that would be to prepare for hostili
ties against the United States. It is true
that the Germans have large interests In
Central and South America and they
necessarily require protection, but such
protection can be assured by moral pres
sure rather than by waging war. The
United States is the only power whose
competition the •Berlin Government fears.
When it became apparent that this Gov
ernment would not permit the acquisition
of the Danish West Indies by any Euro
pean state, reports were put into circula
tion that Germany was endeavoring to es
tablish a coaling station at Santa Catha
rina. Brazil. These reports were not con
firmed, and it is not believed by the of
ficials that Germany would take any ac
tion looking to the establishment of a
coaling station in the Western Hemis
phere without first notifying the United
States, though undoubtedly she would
initiate preliminary negotiations with the
country from which she desired the privi
lege.
CALL HEADQUARTERS. WELLING
TON HOTKL. WASHINGTON Oct 2S -
Any attempt on t! e part of Germany to
establish a waling station in Venezuela.
or In any otht-r country of* the Western
Hemisphere, will be opposed by the
United States. Such action would' be in
violation of the principles of the Monroe
fioctnne. which the administration is de
termined to uphold. Germany is anxious
to acquire sites for coaling stations in the
A\ estern Hemisphere. At the time this
Government commenced negotiations for
the acquisition of the Danish
Wes-t Indies it was well un
derstood in official circles here that
Germany was anxious to obtain control
of them, and it was only the determined
attitude of the President that forced her
to relinquish her designs on those islands.
It has been frequently reported that Ger
meny was endeavoring to establish a
coaling station on the Brazilian coast, but
no negotiations have been entered into,
simply because of the knowledge that this
Government wcuUl strcnply object to the
raising of the German Hag in the Western
Hemisphere.
Mr. Pulido. Venezuelan Charsre d'Af
faires. told me «o-d:iy that he ha<1 heard
nothing confirmatory of the rumor that
his Government v.-as considering the ad
visability of leasing to Germany a port, on
the Island of MarKaxita for use as a coal-
Ing station. It v.-as evident that Mr. Pu
lido did not place any credence in the re
port. Venezuela is indebted to German
capitalists for quite a large amount grow
ing out of the construction of the railroad,
but it is not known here that Germany is
demanding the lease of a s=ite for a coaling
station in lieu of pavment.
Mr. Blaine in ISSsi declared in a note to
CUSTOMS TASIFP BEVTSION'.
MANILA. Oct. 28.— The Philippine Com
mission has decided to compile the revised
Philippines customs tariff from its own
investigations, assisted by the report o*
the army board. The result will be for
warded to the United States for publica
tion and discussion among those Inter
ested In foreign commerce. When the de
tails appear to be satisfactory and tha
draft has been approved by the Secretary
of War the commission will promulgate it
here as a law. The measure has taken
on a new international commercial inter
est, and the course of the commission la
heartily commended here.
While a detail of the Thirty-third Vol
unteer In.'antry was returning from Man
gued on rafts It was fired upon by insur
gents. Sergeant Bearstaller being killed,
and two privates wounded.
Reports from General Young* 0 district
show a daily increase of Insurgents there
owing to the fact that recruits are going
thither from the towns.
General Callles. Although It discovered
no trace of the enemy It encountered
great hardships on the march. Twenty
Chinese porters died and forty men were
sent to the hospital. After stationing a
garrison of 250 men in Binangonan and
visiting Polillo Island, off the coast of In
fanta province. Genera! Hall and the rest
of his force embarked there on the trans
port Garronne.
AMERICAN FORCE
REPULSES LARGE
INSURGENT BAND
Suffers a Loss of Two Men Killed and
Three Wounded and Slays More
Than Seventy-Five of
the Enemy.
MANILA, Oct. 23.— While scouting near
Looc a detachment of the Twentieth and
Twenty-eighth regiments, under Captain
Beigler, were attacke-J by 400 insurgents,
armed with rifles, under the command of
a white man whose nationality is not
known to the Americans. The insurgents
for the most part were intrenched. After
a heroic tight Captain Beigler drove oft
the enemy, killing more than seventy-flve.
The fight lasted for two hours. Captain
Beigler and three privates were slightly
wounded and two of the Americans were
killed.
General Hall's expedition with a force
of nearly 800 men went through the
mountains to Binangonan, province
of Infanta, ln pursuit of the insurgent
A civilian launch towing a barge loaded
with merchandise, near Arayat. was at
tacked by a force of 150 Insurgents under
David Fajrtn, a deserter from tne Twenty
fourth Infantry. The American troops on
hearing the firing turned out ln force be
fore the boat could be looted and cap
tured by Fagln, who holds the rank of
general among the insurgents and 'who
has sworn special enmity toward his for
mer company. Of the twenty men he cap
tured a month ago seven have returned.
One was killed ln a flgrht. his body being
horribly mutilated. Fasin sends messages
to his former comrades threatening them
with violence If they become his prison
ers. It was Fagin's men who captured
Lieutenant Frederick W. Alstaetter, who
is a prisoner.
Special IMspatch to The CalL
Administration to Oppose Any Attempt
by the Kaiser to Establish Coaling
Stations on the Western
1 ldiiiopncFc
r . . . ....... ...
MONROE DOCTRINE
WILL BE ENFORCED
AGAINST GERMANY
TEE.: SAN FRANCISCO , CALL, MOJSDAY, UUTUBER 29, 1900.
(|i
3
Ovef coats
\ tf?w .r nsvv ovsreost, sind our
Si lull If \\W\ I HSi True> ti ? e weathsr has
H 111 111 1 1 I '™1 been a little warm and
II llffll \Wm i ' in SI y° u have p ut off g ettin s
flu Iwffl PHuUi till 11 the overcoat » s ° to liven
l^il^PlilHIISI I! $$E9 an interest ' ln overcoats
KMi HI I If! fell II '''I 1 lf^§ want for what you want
(nx-*** j^^ union-msdo blsck k6r~
SoSmS ffflBw ev overcoat, with a vel-
KnSV fflS'Sfl ln °' st y^ s^ anc * sightly,
lilllii bi|JPh! made to fit and wear,
Black worsted chev- Blue kerseys and Blue and brown
iot overcoats, well oxf <> r d K™y cheviots, kerseys, Rray chev-
made and lined. *ood jots, tan coverts. En K -
stylish length. swe ll coats. " sh whipcords. . ox-
Cov«rt box coats in . Cdvert box coats in ford trrays, rajdans.
three shades, tan. several shades, very etc all of them very
L j i- t> 4.u good values. They swell, dressy overcoats
brown and olive. Both are coats we can that appeal to men
of these coats are thoroughly jfuarantee . who desire to dress
$12.00 values. ' sale to ffive . satisfaction; well, all fashionable
price now for either prices weaves, prices
$7.50 $8.50 and $10 $12.50 and $15
poys ouiis
We have sold a great many of those boys' suits
in the past two days, but there are still quite a num-
ber left.'- There are two styles of the suits:
One is a two-piece suit for boys from 8 to 14
years old, patterns are two shades of brown mix-
tures, knee pants, suits are actually worth S1.50,
now going at
* y5^ ** £>uiv
The other is a niiddy suit for boys from $ to 10
years old ; suits come variously tr.mmed with blue
and red trimmings, and likewise two shades of
materials, value $1.^0, now selling for
fier 51 ciiif"
Out-of-town orders filled—write us.
sn Wood $>fi)
718 Market Street.Registration of Cleveland.
CLEVELAND, Oct. 28.— The registra
tion in this city is ! 81,871, a gain i of 9998
over 1S96. ¦ ¦' -v ::¦ '¦ . - . ¦- - -.¦
CATHEDRAL AT \ SAVANNAH
DEDICATED BY MARTINELLI
New Structure Is Handsomest Speci
men of Gothic Architecture in
, vthe South.! . - „
SAVANNAH. Ga.£ Oct. 28.— This morn
ing, upon the feast day of StI Simon and
St. Judge, themagnlflcent Cathedral of St.
John the Baptist was dedicated by Mgr.
Sebastlano -MartinelH, delegate . of the
Pope to the United States, 'assisted by
some fifty priests," Including :iten bishops,
Mgr. MartinelH was the celebrant of the
mass, assisted by Vicar General Basin of
Atlanta, Rev." Dr. Brannen of New York,
Rev. Dr. Rooker of .Washington, secretary
.to Mgr. MartinelU, and Rev. Dr. Flynn of
Morrlstown, N. J. =
3 The new cathedral, 1 built upon the ruins
of the cathedral. begun by Bishop Perslco
in 1873, dedicated > by Bishop Gross in 1876
and destroyed by fire two : years ago, is
probably; tne. : handsomest" specimen of
Gothic architecture in the South.
YOUNG MEN ATTACKED
r BY SWARM OF; BEES
Narrowly Escape" Falling Over Steep
I Precipice ire Seeking ; to I Evade :
: the Angry. Insects.
. HONOLULU, Vf>ct; j 20.— While . , climbing
the : highest mountain \ of the Nuuanupali
range,: five ," youngr | men were • attacked by
a, : swarm of, bees last Sunday,, the 14th
insU; and nearly driven over the precipice.
The bees followed i the party for i over an
hour, stinging them savagely. The moun
tain - was very <¦ steep and : . it : was only
through sheer grit that the party, did not
fall into . the deep ¦ ravines while escaping
Irom tbe Etings of the angry Insects. ~: -
HEAVY STORM VISITS
WISCONSIN CITIES
Railroads Suffer Damage by Wash-
out, a Lake Dam Gives Way and
Fanners Lose Crops.
LA CROSSE. Wis., Oct. 28.— In the
twenty-four hours preceding S o'clock this
morning , seven and a quarter inches of
rain fell in this city. The storm was the
severest in this city, although it was gen
erally felt within a radius of fifty miles
from here. The Milwaukee road ¦ suffered
much damage to Its tracks and no trains
have arrived from the East for twenty
four hours. The La Crosse River marshes
are flooded and most of the hay that
escaped the last flood has been destroyed.
On II. Goddard's farm the house was un
dermined and the family sought refuge in
a tree, where they remained until rescued
to-day.
The Green Bay road has a washout on
the marshes which will require some days
to repair. At Hokaha the dam which
held in Lake Como broke to-day and the
lake has almost disappeared. There is a
good deal of damage throughout the coun
try. Fire, caused by electrfcity, damaged
the La Crosse Knitting Works to the ex
tent of several thousand dollars.
WINONA, Minn., Oct. 28.— This city and
vicinity was visited to-day by the worst
storm In many years at this season of
tne • year. Lightning did considerable
damage in the city and the railroads suf
fered considerable loss on account of
washouts and high water. The Chicago
and Northwestern- had its track washed
out near Rockland, Wis.. and a thousand
feet near West Salem. WIs. The Chicago,
Milwaukee * and ; St. Paul . road had two
washouts. All passenger - trains on • the
River Division of : the Milwaukee aro
abandoned. - ' •;
Marshall's Case Argued.
HONOLULU, T.H., Oct. 20.— Arguments
were heard last 'Tuesday, the 16th.- re
garding the Jurisdiction of , the United
States District Court to hear the case
of William H. Marshall, the former ed
itor ; of the Weekly Volcanoe, convicted
of : criminal libel of ? the late Chief Jus
tice, Judd.. The case was taken under ad
visement, after arguments had been made
by Attorney General E. P. • Dole, ex-
Attorney General >W. O. Smith. District
Attorney; J. CBaird and J. T. de Bolt '
Railway Changes.
ST. JOSEPH, Mo., Oct. 28.— G. P. Smith,
formerly; chief engineer of the St. Joseph
and Grand' Island Railway, has been ap
pointed assistant' to the chief engineer of
the Lake Shore and ¦ Michigan > Southern.
Hallway, with headquarters in Cleveland,
Ohio. . He will enter upon his duties;, at
once. . ,. ...>..- ¦ ¦ ¦ - , , •
INCREASING EASE IN THE
BERLIN MONEY MARKET
Great Demand for American Railway
Securities. and 300,000,000 Marks
Subscribed for Hamburg Loan.
BERLIN, Oct. 28. — October is drawing to
a close among conditions of increasing
ease In the money market. The prolonga
tion of money has fallen to Z\i. and there
are Instances of loans at Z%. Many
months have passed since the increase of
the monthly settlement proved so favor
able for the bulls. The progress of the
settlement shows a larger short element
than had been expected, which has been
forced' to cover, thereby strengthening
the market.
At the weekly meeting of the RelchB
bank Commission, Herr Koch, president
of the bank, said that their accounts
and loans had fallen 5,000,000 marks since j
the beginning of the month, aa compared i
with 113,000,000 during the corresponding
period last year. On the other hand, he
explained that | the gold stock had In- ,
creased 74,000,000 marks, as against 62,000,
000 marks during the corresponding period
in 1899, and now stood at 70,000,000 marks
above last year's figures. He also point
ed out .that private discount was 3% in
stead Of 5Vi— the rate In 1899, and that
money had ; grown easier on the bourse.
Considering his- statement, he expressed
the opinion that notwithstanding the ap
proach of the end of the year and despite
the political situation, there was no oc
casion for changing the bank rate.
The Bourse had, upon the whole, a good
week. Iron shares generally advanced,
notwithstanding a new batch of unfa
vorable-news from the iron centers. Ce
ment . shares Bcored a considerable rise
upon the prospective' completion of the
syndicate. ' -
Imperial and Prussian loans improved,
on account of the Increasing demand for
fixed, lnvestme.-ts since I the holders of
mortgage bank obligations began selling
a week ago. The other institutions of this
class have formed a guarantee fund of
15,000,000 marks' to" purchase the obliga
tions of the mortgage bank,' whose quota
tions ¦ broke violently week before last:
This, however, has not checked apprehen
sion, and tho sales in this line continue.*
The demand for American railway se
curities was excellent- It Is ascertained
from a reliable quarter that the subscrip
tion for the Hamburg loan of 50,000,000
marks reached 800,000,000, a. result that is
considered brilliant. The Frankfurter
Zeltung, . recalling the recent loan in New
York, says: "The brilliant success of the
Hamburg ' loan shows •; that : the advisers
of the imperial treasury had formed a
totally false judgment of the condition of
Germany's money, market.." = ¦•; ; , ¦: .-.-
The Prussian •• railway* have ; informed
the coal companies in the Essen district
that only 90 per cent of the freight cars
demanded can- bo : furnished,- and . the
forthcoming Prussian budget . will pro
vide for 9600 freight cars.. \
According to the Cologne : Gazette con
tracts for over 8000 freight cars and about
1000 passenger cars will -, be . placed , next
month. • { , ,
Germany's plglron output < for Septem
ber was 709,200 tons. ;»'>-•;< .- ,
The International Society for, Sugar Sta
tistics . . estimates - that the '. European
sugar output, 1900 crop, ' will - be : 5,330,434
tons. • •' :, ' . .-..;¦ • ..' ! . - ,';'• .... ' i :¦-:¦;
BROTHER OF BURGOMASTER .
OF PRAGUE MURDERED
Widow of the Unfortunate Man and
a Former Suitor for Her Hand
Held by the Police.
CHICAGO. Oct. 2S.-With a bullet in his
brain, his throat cut -from ear to ear, his
face hacked almost beyond recognition,
and one eye gouged out, Anton Lizl, a
Bohemian florist, brother to the Burgo
master of Prague, Bohemia, was found
dead to-day in a ditch near Forty-third
Court and the north branch of the Chi
cago River. Twelve hours later Joseph
Dolinski, a Polish florist, was arrested for
the crime.
"When arrested Dolinskl's clothes were
covered with blood. Mary LlzI, widow of
the murdered man. Is also detained by the
police, Lizl had been married but a few
weeks. Dolinski haa formerly been a
suitor for her hand.
BOAT CAPSIZES AND
FOUR CHILDREN DROWN
Awful Accident Occurs as William
Stark Returns From a Boating
Trip With His Family.
PORT CLINTON, Ohio. Oct. 28.-A
quadruple drowning occurred near Plas
ter Bed, on Sandusky Bay, eight miles
east of here, this afternoon. The drowned
are:
DOUGLASS STARK, aged 3.
GEORGE E. STARK, aged 5.
ALFRED STARK, aged 8.
HENRY STARK, aged 13.
They were the children of "William
Stark. Mr. Stark and the children went
for a boat ride this afternoon. On re
turning to shore the boat became fouled
in a fish net and the oarsman could neith
er force the boat ahead nor go Hack. The
children became frightened and, leaning
over the side of the craft, it capsized.
MGB. CHAPELLE WELCOMED.
Baptizes More Than Twenty-Five
Hundred Natives at Dagupan.
MANILA. Oct. 28. — Archbishop Cha
pelle, who recently left Manila accom
panied by several friars for the northern
districts of Luzon under conditions that
aroused the suspicions of the Filipinos
here that he intended to establish the
friars in parishes there, was warmly wel
comed on his arrival at Dagupan. As two
years have elapsed since an opportunity
for baptism has been presented more than
2500 persons have been baptized. In view
of the protest of the parish against the
appointments of a friar as parish presi
dent Monselgneur Chapelle did not at
tempt to make it.
EXPLOSION IN- A, CHURCH.
Gas for a Stereopticon. Becomes Ig-
nited and the Operator Is Injured.
CHICAGO, Oct. 23.— 'An explosion of
acetylene gas that was to have been used
for a stereoptican entertainment wrecked
the interior of the First Presbyterian
Church In Austin to-night and the oper
ator, George W. Leltch, recently returned
from Missionary work in India and Cey
lon, lost his right, hand and sustained a
number of other injuries. The gas was in
two cylinders about four feet long. One
of the tanks sprang a leak and the light
in the lantern Ignited it, causing the ex
plosion.
LTXIUOKAXANI LOSES.
verse to the ex-Queen.
Supreme Court Renders Decision Ad-
HONOLULU. T. H., Oct. 20.— On Satur
day, the 13th, the Supreme Court handed
down a decision against ex-Queen Lili
uokalani and in favor of Wong Kwal, a
wealthy Chinese of this place. Some time
ago an agent of the ex-Queen offered, it
is.clalmed. to lease to the appellant cer
tain lands on the island of • Kauai for
12300. Subsequently the- agreement Twas
repudiated* by the ex-Queen. . Suit -was
brought in the Circuit Court and a de
cision was rendered sustaining the de
murrer of the defendant and dismissing
the suit of 'Wong Kwal. On the appeal
the Supreme . Court reversed the decision
of the Circuit Court and remanded the
case for further action.
Will Not Lead to War.
SOFIA, Oct. 28.— At .the opening of the
Sobranje to-day Prince Ferdinand pre
dicted that the difficulty between Bul
garia and Roumania growing out of the
latter' s demands for the' suppression of
the Macedonian revolutionary committee
would soon be settled
MISS SEGHMEYES MAY
HAVE BEEN MURDERED
Mystery Connected With the Finding
cf Her Body Deepens Upon
Investigation.
PITTSBURG. Pa.. Oct. 2S.-The mys
tery connected with the finding of the
body of Miss Emma Seghmeyer floating
in the Ohio River opposite Glenfield yes
terday deepens as investigation proceeds.
Mis? Seghmeyer, who was 28 years old
and of good family, ieft the home of her
mother at Gler.field on October 19 to visit
an aur.t at Sewickley. The mother, sup
posing her daughter was wltn the aunt,
suspected nothing wrong until the body
was found. She says there was no known
cause why her daughter should commit
suicide. She was a member of the
church, engaged to be married and ap
parently very happy.
Foul play is indicated by the fact that
the body of the young woman was found
In the water on the opposite side of the
river from her home: In addition to this
the face and hands of the victim are bad
ly battered. The Coroner is making a
eearching: investigation.
VTCTOKIA MAY BECOME
QUEEN OF AUSTRALIA
Suggestion That Finds an Advocate
Wales.
in the Premier of New South
SYDNEY. N. B. W., Oct. 2S.-W!lUam
Bt. John Lynne. Premier and Treasurer
of New South "WaTes, during a speech at
the opening cf a German fete here to-day
said: «¦
"The temper of the Australian people
¦was never so affectionate toward the
mother country as It is now. The war in
South Africa, has produced a patriotic
V>nnd which should last eternally. It has
been suggested locally that her Majesty
should assume the title of Queen of Aus
tralia. To me It seems a good proposal.
Indeed, I think her Majesty might well
be approached with a view to her as-
Fumptlon of the title of Empress of the
British empire, thus embracing all the
colonies and dependencies."
WORKINGMEN'S SOCIETIES
AND SOCIALISTS MEET
• Big Gathering in Paris to Welcome
Representatives From British
Trades Unions.
PARIS. Oct. 2S.— There was a large
gathering of Socialists snd workingmen's
Forieties at the Bols du Travail to-day to
welcome eight representatives from the
British trades unions, including Mr.
Galnes. secretary of the Society of Engin
eers, Mr. Pickle of the Society of Painters
and Richard Bell, secretary of the Rail
road Servants* Society, who presented a
manifesto to French workingrmen in favor
of peace and good fellowship between the
two nations.
MM. Jaures and Valiant responded and
the meeting adopted a resolution In favor
of strengthening the fraternal union of
the workingmen of the two countries and
of submitting to arbitration any differ
ences that might arise.
PUNISHMENT OF FILIPINOS.
Score or More of Natives Tried by ;
Military Commissions.
WASHINGTON. Oct. 28.— Military com
missions In the Philippines have recently
tried a score or more of native Filipinos
on charges of murder, murderous assault,
robbery, abduction arxl violation of the
laws of war. In most instances the death
penalty was imposed, although In only
two cases was it actually executed, the
others being commuted to Imprisonment
at hard labor. In one Instance a native
organized a miniature Insurrection and
with a small squad of Filipinos made an
armed raid on the town of Tuguegaro to
release some of his fellows who were held
prisoners there by the United States. He
was sentenced to hard labor and impris
onment for thirty years, and this sentence
later was commuted to ten years* impris
onment.
London's New Subway.
LONDON, Oct. 2S.— Experimental exca
vations at various points along the route
of the Charing Cross, Euston and Hamp-
Ftean Railway, whose franchise was re
oently acquired by Charles T. Yerkes, will
be begun to-morrow and the work will
then be continued without interruption.
Dowieites Forcibly Deported.
MANSFIELD, Ohio. Oct. 2S.— Deacon
Kcssler and Elder R. N. Bouck, Dowle
ites. were forcibly deported to-day by the
police. Bouck had been here nearly a
week and held services. He objected to
being put on the train and had to be
dragged out of. the station and put
aboard.
CONSTB.TJCTION OP FBE1TCH
RECIPROCITY TREATY
Protest Against Action of the Treas-
ury -Department to Be Adjudi
cated.
WASHINGTON, Oct. 28.— The negotia
tions concerning the construction to be
placed upon certain features of the reci
procity agreement with France have now
advanced to a point where the French
authorities have deemed it necessary to
pretest against what they regard as the
arbitrary course of the Treasury Depart
ment in reopening .-• Issue which pre
viously had been adjudicated by the
American courts.
The reciprocity agreement was entered
into and proclaimed by the President
about a year ago. It granted certain re
duction of duties on still wines, brandies
and other articles in return for equivalent
reduction of duties on certain American
imports Into France. The French version
of the treaty, which was executed along
with the English text, contained the word
"llquers" covering a number of cordials
and like products brought to this country.
The Treasury Department held, however,
that under the reciprocity clause of the
Dingley tariff law ••llquers" could not be
made the subject of reciprocity conces
sions. The matter waa taken into the
courts where it was decided in favor of
the French authorities. The decision was
not appealed, and on the recommendation
of the Attorney General was accepted.
Recently, however, the Swiss Govern
ment put in a claim under its favored na
tion clause for the same reduction on
liquers as was given to France. This has.
led the Treasury Department to again
make an effort to oppose a reduction of
duty on such articles. From the French
standpoint the matter is not only one of
treaty, but of the construction of that
treaty which has been adjudicated by the
American courts and the adjudication ac
cepted. The French view of the situation
has now been brought to the attention ot
the State Department with a view of hav
ing the matter settled as It has been de
cided by the courts.
HEAVY DOWNPOTJB OF
RAIN AT HONOLTJI.Tr
Two Years Does Considerable
Damage.
"Worst Storm Which Has Occurred in
HONOLULU, Oct. 28.— The heaviest rain
storm which has occurred here within two
years broke at 7 o'clock Tuesday night.
For half an hour the rain fell in torrents
and within a short while the streets were
Impassable. By the time that the rain
ceased to fall, however, the worst feature
of the storm, in the shape of floods, ap
peared. The rainfall in Nuuanu Valley,
about two miles from Honolulu,, was 8.15
inches and It varied slightly nearer the
city.. The Nuuanu stream was soon
swollen beyond its boundaries and came
sweeping, down with increasing speed. It
broke Its banks and washed every mova
ble object away. Acres of the town on
both sides of the river were submerged
to a depth of three feet and some of the
houses near the bank were almost washed
away, the Chinese being driven away In
wild haste. The water covered the floors
two feet deep in some cases. A good
sized portion . of River street was washed
away and the bridge leading to the Pal
ama district was carried away.
The heaviest rainfall In the city proper
was 4.17 Inches, while th© heaviest on
the island occurred on the north side- of
the mountains, being 9.10 Inches. Naone.
a- native workman, was drowned In the
flood at the Honolulu plantation, six miles
from here.
BAB TO STATE OFFICEBS.
Civil or. Criminal Processes Hay Not
Reservations.
Be Served on Certain Military
WASHINGTON, Oct. 28.— The Attorney
General has given an opinion to the Secre
tary of War that State authorities have
no legal right to enter military reserva
tions of the United States over which ex
clusive Jurisdiction has been ceded by tbe
State within which the same is located,
for the purpose of serving process, either
civil or criminal, unless the State In ced
ing such reservations reserves to Itself
that right.
STEAMER CHINA IN A STORM.
Beaches Port Safely.
Vessel Damaged by a Typhoon, but
HONOLULU. ' Oct. 20,— News arrived
here to-day by the steamship Gaelic of
the narrow: escape which passengers on
the China had September 23. while be
tween Kobe and Nagasaki. The ship was
caught in a typhoon and several boats
were smashed, . a portion of the rear rail
carried away and several of the venti
lators stove in. Captain Seabury brought
the ship out of tho storm . without fur
ther damage.
Special Dispatch to Tbe Call.
NEW YORK, Oct. 28.— Tha World has
the following from Bristol, R, I.: As an
nounced nearly, two weeks ago, the Her
reshoffs will build the next; defender of
tho America's Cup.
"There is not the slightest, room for
doubt," remarked a well Informed yachts
man to the World correspondent to-day,
"that | Designer Nat Herreshoff mapped
out his plans for the now Cup defender
months ago and tthat on the occasion of
their visit to Bristol recently he- gave W.
Butler Duncan Jr. and Commodore Lewis
Cass Ledyard of the New York Yacht
Club to understand that no fears need be
entertained of his ability to fashion and
construct a faster yacht than the Colum
bia. At that time plans for- the new
yacht were discussed and the intimation
was given Captain Nat that he might pro
ceed to make preparations for an early
start on the new yachting marvel.
"The Columbia was launched on June
10, 1899, but could have been turned out
earlier had quicker work been necessary.
The keel of the next cup defender will be
cast before Christmas and she will be
ready for launching by the middle of May,
if present plans go not amiss.
"The report that a model of, the next de
fender has already been shaped $ and
shown to New York yachtsmen is not
true. The block from which the model of
the new century defender will be carved
was prepared in the Herreshoff shops
only yesterday and removed to Captain
Nat's private workshop, where he will
whittle It into shape. Not even the de
signer's servants have access to this
wizard's den. Until positive action was
taken on the Upton challenge, Captain.
Nat busied himself with his multitudin
ous duties about the boat shops, but dur
ing the past week his attention has been
focused upon the drawings and specifica
tions for the new yacht and the many
points h« proposes to bring out in the
latest design. '•
"You may rest assured that Herreshoff s
mind has not lost its conception nor Her
reshoff'a hand its cunning, and that. the
coming cup champion will be worthy of
the time honored trophy."
The report that Henry F. Lippett may
be selected to manage 'the yacht was re
ceived with general satisfaction here, as
it waa taken to mean that an American
yachtsman of approved merit would be in
charge and Captain Harry Haff, skipper
of the Lippitt schooner Qulsetta, at the
helm. Like his father. Captain Hank Haft
is a first class skipper. . '^f-'''
Workshop
Block for the Model Already
in Nat Herreshofi's
WORK ON NEW
CUP DEFENDER
SOON TO BEGIN
Special Dispatch to The Call.
MADRID, Oct. 28.— Almost immediately
after Senor Silvela retired from the Pre
miership he sent a challenge to fight a
duel to Count Almer.as. •
Tne quarrel arose from the Count's
notorious attack upon the generals return
ing from Cuba and the Philippines- after
the war. El Tlempo, Senor Silvela's
organ, severely criticized the Count, who
demanded an explanation from Senor
Silvela. The latter declared that he was
not the author of the criticisms and he
did not inspire them. Count Almenas ie
torted in a nianer that was regarded as
insulting by Senor Silvela, who notified
him of his intention to demand repara
tion when he left office. This he has now
done, but the Count declares that the in
cident is so old he does not remember
what he said.
Late Premier -Thirsts for
the Blood of His^
Enemy.
COUNT ALMENAS
CHALLENGED BY
SENOR SILVELA
Special Dispatch to The Call.
. NEW YORK, Oct. 28,-Llttle by little
the. mystery, which has surrounded the
death of aged Mllionalre William Marsh
Rice Is being penetrated. Professor Ru
dolph A. Witthaus has positively declared
that the bichloride of mercury discovered
In the stomach and Intestines of the re
cluse was in sufficient quantities to have
caused his death.
Now that this important fact has been
established the next link in the chain of
evidence which may lead to one of the
most sensational murder trials of the cen
tury will be to find where this poison was
purchased and by whom.
Professor Witthaus. who made the
chemical analysis of the contents of tha
stomach and intestines of Mr. Rice, saitl
to-day that he would make a report to
Coroner Hart to-morrow or next day,
supplementary to that made public to
day. Professor Witthaus refused to out
line the 'matters which he would discuss
In his supplementary report.
"In, what form was the poison adminis
tered to Mr." -Rice, if in your opinion it
was administered to him in any manner?"
Professor Witthaus was asked. •
"It would not be proper for me to dls
cuss that matter," said the chemist. "It
is not for me to say who administered that
poison or whether it was given with crim
inal Intent. The police can now complete
the work which I have begun."
It is probable that the will in which the
greater portion of the Rice millions are
bequeathed to Patrick will be offered for
probate this week. ¦
Chemist Witthaus Tells
How Millionaire Rice
Was Killed.
ENOUGH POISON
FOUND TO HAVE
CAUSED DEATH
Fully two hours were spent in trying
experiments in various forms of animal
raising, all of which proved unsuccessful,
the horses kicking and snorting and mak
ing matters worse. Finally one of the
animals wa3 dragged out of the hole, more
dead than alive. The removal of the sec
ond animal was even harder, and was
only accomplished after the horse had
been almost choked to death. Neither of
the poor brutes was,severely injured, de
spite the tumble and the pullings and
haulings they received.
The number of people who were so kind
with advice grew so large that a squad of
police under Captain Dunleavy was busied
keeping them on the move.
THERE may be some clever drivers
of horses connected with the Sut
ter Street Railroad, but Driver
Mose Rice is not one of them. An
excavation on Market street, near
Steuart, made by workmen repairing the
sewer, gave Rice a chance to try his skill
yesterday morning on one of his trips to
the ferry. The space between the rails is
dug out, and the car drivers halted their
cars about twenty feet on either side or
the hole, unhitched and drove around it,
leaving the 'conductor to shove the car
over. Rice had made several trips and
succeeded in making a record for himself
A message was sent to the office of the
railroad company, and a force of men
with a wagon load of blocks and tackle
was hurried to the scene.
as the man who could bring his team
nearest the edge of the opening. His next
trial proved disastrous. The horse-near
est the hole -cliicd. and its'- hind legs
slipped on. the cobbles and slid over the
edge. So rapid was the plunge that its
mate was dragged over with it.
Rice clung to the ribbons but could not
stay the downward progress of the steeds.
In a few moments the usual crowd gath
ered, and Driver Rice received more sug
gestions as to how to extricate the ani
mals than he could avail himself of.
BLOCKS AND TACKLE AND MUCH HUMAN ENERGY ARE BROUGHT INTO USE IN EXTRICATING TWO
HORSES FROM A SEWER TRENCH ON MARKET STREET. AN INCIDENT OF SUNDAY MORNING THAT
ATTRACTS A BIG CROWD. .
DOUBTS THAT
LORD DURHAM
HAS EVIDENCE
London Times . Comments
.Upon Attacks on Amer
ican Jockeys.
•
Horning Post Less Friendly, and
Suggests That Lester Heiff Has
K"ot B?en Biding "With
Usual Confidence.
LONDON. Oct. 28.— The r.upstion of
Knglishtversus American methods in the
racing world continues to agitate the
sporting writers for the London press. The
Daily Telegraph ncain protests against
the lfiea that the supporters of Lord Dur
ham are animated by feelings of Jealousy,
and points to instances of warm welcome
extended to American owners and jockeys.
"So far as the American trainers are
concerned," it says, "there was never an
unfriendly word used until one or two of
the latest comers were suspected of "dop-
Jr.g" their horse's. This is a punishable
offense in the United States and ought to
be here also."
The Morning Post suggests that Lester
RelJf has not been riding of late with his
tv -I confidence. It eulogizes Maher and
J^i.tdns. the latter of whom has been
er.^a^red by Prince Soltykoff.
The Standard, which makes the stew
ards cf the Jockey Club responsible for
the recent trouble, declares that Lord
Durham's attack was directed primarily •:
against their "¦fjpineneFS and torpidity." I
It accusps them of ignorance and mis- I
placed enemy, and cites a case where, i
last week, they summoned a gentleman i
of the highest character, whose Integrity j
It would be absurd to doubt, to explain i
The running of his horses. '
Tho Times, rfter remarking that "It j
would he difficult to overpraise the ser- j
vices Lord Durham has rendered to the i
cauf of turf reform, says:
"There is no doubt if he possesses evl- j
dence of alleged misdeeds of American.]
Jockeys the stewards will be pleased to i
Five it careful consideration, but the tone j
cf his letter of Wednesday last does not ;
Indicate that" he possesses such evidence, :
"«s he rather modifies? what he said in his
Fpoech at the Jockey Club about Newmar
ket being the dumping ground for Ameri
can jockeys.
"Lord Durham cites Instances wherp !
American jockeys have been reprimanded i
for unscrupulous riding, but there is all ]
the difference in the world between the j
wild riding of a jockey over-anxious to
Wfn a race and pulling to prevent winning. I
which was implied in Lord Durham's !
speech.
"It is unfair to single out American i
jockeys or even their followers as worse !
than English, without cogent evidence to I
support such an allegation. American
fol'vrw ¦ rs are not a whit more undesirable
than English ruffians such as have always
been the curse of race courses.
"If anything can possibly be done to
cleanse the atmosphere of the turf, the
¦whole racing enmmmunity will gladly
support the stewards, but the latter may
prefer in a matter of such importance
to call pi general meeting of the Jockey
Club and to submit the measures thev
propose to tak*»."
The Morning Post announces that Lord
Rosebcry's colors will reappear on the
turf at no distant date.
TWO MAXIMS
CAPTURED BY
BOER FORCE
Defense of a Convoy Against
Seven British Killed, Eleven
Wounded and Fifteen
Taken Prisoners.
•
Colonials Fight for Two Hours iu
a Largely Superior
Column.
LONDON. Oct. 23. — According to a dl.*
patch from Cape Town to the Daily Mail
a force of Boers attacked and surrounded
a patrol of Cape police with a convoy
near Hoopstad. Orange River colony, last
Wednesday and a sharp tight ensued.
"The police." says the correspondent,
"were compelled to abandon two Maxims.
Ultimately, reinforced by the yeomanry,
they succeeded in getting away with tho J
convoy, but they lost seven killled. eleven \
wounded and lifteen captured. The co- j
lonials were outnumbered ten to one and ,
the engagement lasted two hours. ;
"The Boers have 15,000 men in the field,
nearly half of whom are in Orange RIvirr
colonv. These are divided into comman
does of some 300 each, but are capable of
combination for large operations."
CETCTBCHrLL WrLL NOT RETRACT
Insists That Lord Rosslyn's State
ments Were Falsehoods.
LONDON. Oct. 29.— Sollctors of Win
ston Spencer ChurchUl have written to
the solicitors of the Karl of Rosslyn de- |
clinlrs. in the name of Mr. Churchill, to j
withdraw or apologize for Mr. Churchill's \
statement at the recent banciuet of the ]
Pall Mall Club that Lord Rosslyn. in
dispatches and letters from South Africa
to English newspapers had libeled Brit
ish officers and made assertions that they i
were nothing short of falsehoods. '
This morning Mr. Churchill writes to |
the Daily Mail repudiating the suggestion |
that he is moved by personal feeling
against Ixird Rosslyn, but pointing out
that the Earl is responsible for a libelous
statement concerning four famous cav
alry regiments.
After sayingf that If Lord Rosslyn will
frankly withdraw the alleged libelous
statements he <Mr. Churchill) will be the
first to regret that hard words have been
spoken. He refers to his action regard
ing Lord Rosslyn's misleading account cf
Mr. Churchill's escape in South Africa,
pointing out that this resulted in the pub
lishers withdrawing Lord Rosslyn's book
trom circulation and in Lord Rosslyn
writing to Mr. Churchill that the passage
was not intended in an offensive sense !
and should be expunged in future edi
tions.
PLAITS OF PAUL KEUGER.
Will Appeal to the Powsrs to Inter
vene in South Africa.
BRUSSELS, Oct. 2S.— The Transvaal
agency announces that Mr. Kruger ¦will
arrive at Marseilles on the Dutch cruiser
Gelderland on November 11 or 12. He will
have apartments at the Grand Hotel
Xoailles, where he will receive several
French. Dutch and Belgian delegations.
Mr. Kruger will proceed to The Hague
without popping at Paris, and after ex
pressing his thanks to Queen Wilhelmlna
for Dutcb hospitality on board the Gel
derland he -will appeal to the powers to
intervene In the South African settlement
on the basis of article 3 Qf The Hague con
vention.
HAZLETOX, Pa.. Oct. 2S.— The I>?hiKh
and Wilkesharre Coal Company, operat
ing the Audenreid, Honeybrook and Green
Mountain collieries In this district, has
not yet complied with the demands of the
anthracite miners. It Is said that the
company will grant the concessions by
November 1, when work will be resumed.
There will be no resumption of work at
the Minervllle colliery, which is operated
by the A. S. Van Wlnckie estate. Owing
to an agreement with the Pennsylvania
the officials say thev oannot afford tc
grant an increase of 10 per cent and If the
men return to work they will have to be
content with the o'd rate of wages.
The Van Winckle Company has granted
the Increase at its other collieries an
Coleraini and Silver Meadow. It is said
the Calvin Pardee Company, owner of tho
Lattimer mines, will not take back those
men who struck before the mines were
closed down by 800 marchers some weeks
ago.
The firemen and brakemen on the Dela
ware, Susquehanna and Schuylkill Rail
road have submitted a number of de
mands to the 'railroad officials The for
mer demand that thirty hours shall con
stitute three shifts and that thev be paid
$7 for the same irstead of $3 10. which
they receive at present. The brakemen de
mand an increase of 10 per cent in their
wages. The engineers have no grievances.
This railroad is owned by voxe Bros. &
Co.. who operate six collieries in this re
gion, and was built for the purpose of
hauling coal from Its mines to the tracks
of the Lehigh Valley road.
President Mitchell Tells Miners to
OPEBATOBS GRANT INCREASE.
Return to Work.
WILKESBARRE. Pa.. Oct. 23.-A11 the
coal companies in the Wyoming Valley
with a few exceptions have now posted
notices granting their employes the 10 per
cent increase asked for by the Scranton
convention. The exceptions are a few in
dividual operators, who do not employ
many hands, but it is said when the men
employed at these collieries report for
work to-morrow they will be told they
will receive the same wages paid by other
companies. .
The Kingston Coal Company had notices
posted to-day granting the Increase. This
company employs 2200 men. The officiate
of the Susquehanna Company had a con
ference with their employes last night
and agreed to pay them the advance.
President Mitchell and the executive
board of the United Mine-workers visited
Pittston this afternoon. They were re
ceived by a large crowd and there was
the greatest enthusiasm. Addresses were
made by President Mitchell and others.
Mr. Mitchell told all the miners to go to
work'to-morrow. He also congratulated
them on their good behavior during the
strike.
Other Operators Have MotVYet Com
plied With the Demands
of the Anthracite
Miners.
Announcement Made by the
Owners of Lattimer
Collieries: /
STRIKERS NOT
TO BE GIVEN
OLD PUCES
BET.UN. Oct. 2S.— Prince Hohenlofa*
to-day made some Interesting >tatementa
regarding his resignation of the chancal
lorship. Although expressing himself
with great caution he cited as the prin
cipal reason for his resignation the fact
that he had noticed for some time a
growing desire to ignore him on Important
occasions. He admitted that his increas
ing deafness, especially in the left ear,
had made it annoying for Emperor Wil
liam to converse with him.
While Prince Hoheniohe would not sa>
precisely what very recent occasion had
particularly emphasized this inclination
to ignore him he asserted that thla was
the Immediate cause of his goine to Ham
burg with a written request to relinquish
his official burdens.
This, he said, he presented in person
to Emperor Yv'illiam. who seemed aston
ished. But replied that In view of the ad
vanced asre of the Prince he would not
urge him to reconsider. It also appear*
that his parting with the Kaiser was af
fectionate and that both remain on good
terms.
When Prince Hohenlohe returns to Ber
lin for the winter ?ie intends to frequen:
the court and its festivities, his physi
cians having urged him to this course. 03
they consider that the total absence vt
excitement would endanger his life. H.>
is about to go to his ancestral- horse at
Schilllngfuerst. Later he will go to Mu
nich and then to Meran. in the Austrian
Tyrol, and to Italy, where he hopes to gtt
relief from an annoying cough.
KTLLS HIS WIFE BECAUSE
SHE WAS FAITHLESS TO HIM
Unknown Man Murdered.
After Having Committed the- Deed
Benjamin Steigemann Shoots
Himself.
HONOLULU. Oct. 20.— Benjamin Steige
mann. aged 35, a native of Jerusalem,
fatally ¦wounded his wife Tuesday night
In a room in a local hotel. He then shot
himself and died a few hours later. The
wife lingered until Thursday night.
Some months ago Steigemann went ta
the coast on a visit and upon hia return
found that his wife was estranged from
him. She finally admitted carles for a
carpenter named Frank Berry. On thfl
night of the 13th the woman left her
husband. He claimed that she had gone
j to live with hf-r lover. Accompanied by
her father, M. Dolllnger, Steigemann went
to the woman Tuesday night and pleaded
with her to return to him. She refused,
whereupon he drew a revolver and shot
her twice In the back. The couple leave
two small children. He conducted a no
tion store here.
ST. JOSEPH. Mo.. Oct. 23.— An unknown
man was shot and Instantly killed here
this morning at Fourth and Charles
streets, and the murderer escaped. Tho
victim was a stranjrer In the city, fairly
well dressed, about 30 years old. 5 feet '%
Inches In height and of light complexion.
It Is possible that robbery was tha mo
tive.
Philippine Treasury Receipts.
TfASHIXGTON". Oct. 23.— The receipts
at the Philippine treasury for the month
of August. 1900, were J034.51;. The treasury
receipts for the corresponding month of
1899 were $323,193. showing an Increase In
favor of the month of Ausrust, 1900, as
compared with 1899. ol $409,363.
His Increasing Deafness Annoying to
the Emperor and One of the
tirement.
Causes of His Ee-
Prince Hohenlohe Gives the
Reason for His Recent ?
Resignation.
FREQUENTLY
IGNORED BY
THE KAISER
. ¦ ¦ ¦ V-. ..--¦'.¦. .. - - ¦ ¦ ¦¦¦¦ . : .
THE - S.Al^ 3JVRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, OCTOBER S3, .%IgQP.:
Sunday Afternoon Crowd Is Entertained by Two
Gar Horses That Fall Into a Trench.
SUGGESTIONS FLY THICKLY
BUT MUSCLE IS BACKWARD
4
FURNITURE AND CARPETS
AT 20 PER CENT DISCOUNT
FROM ' REGULAR . PRICE.
Free delivery within 200 zalles.
BRILUANT'S,
338-340-342 POST ST.,
Open evenings. Near FowelL
MUNYON'S INHALER
J^% CATARRH
\'*^SW Colds, Coughs,
Hay Fever, Bron-
f&IJIfaj^leil^Lchitis, Asthma
flSSfl T5 liiipnd all Diseases
\Mf»^ W0ct the Throat and
Clon<2s of Medicated V«por are Inhaled
throusb tbe month *ad emitted from the bo«-
trils, cleansing acd raporlzlcff all t&e Inflamed
and diseased parts which cannot be reached by
tnediclco taken Into the stomach.
It reaches the sore spots- It heals (he raw
places— It fjoes to the teat of disease— It acts as
atxilm andtonli; to the whole rt/gtem— $1.00 at
rfn^i-Vinr.^""' 01^'- 1 *»* ArrA St.. Philc*
®HM. VIGOR. VITALITY for MEN
MORMOX BISHOP'S PILL3
have been In use over fifty
years by tho leaders or tha
Mormon Church and their fol-
lowers. Positively cures tha
worst cases la old and younir
arising from effects of self-
abuse, dissipation, excesses or
ciffarette-smoklng. Cures Lost
Manhood. Inn potency, Lost
Power. NlRht Losses. Insom-
nia. Pains In Back. Evil Desires. Lam« Kack.
Nervous Debility. Headache, linfitness to Mar-
ry. Logs of Semen, f— > Varlcorela or Con-
stipation. Stops Ne *3 MM rvous T witching
of Eyelids. Effects p>^Tlare immediate.
Impart vigor and CE "'» hotency to every
function. Don't get despondent: a cure Is at
hand. Restores small, undeveloped orjrans.
Stimulates the brain and nerve centers; 50c a
box; 6 for J2 50 by mail. A written guarantee to
cure or money refunded with fi boxes. Circulars
free. Address BISHOP REMEDY CO.. 40 EMIs
St.. San Francisco. Cal., GRANT DRUG CO..
S3 and 40 Third St.
Price 25 cents. AN druggists, or sent post
paid on receipt of price. DR. PAUL DH
; FORD, 175 N. Spring St., Los Angeles. Cat,Are matured in the wood at the brewery— than
bottled by its makers. Result, ale ia perfection.*
Evans* Ale and Ctout
Henry Holmes Concert.
I The entire proceeds of the vocal and in-
Btruroental concert which will take. place
this evening, beginning at 8 o'clock, m
Eherman & Clay's Hall, Sutter street,
under the direction of Henry Holmes, will
ro to the British Benevolent Society.
Th« Prettiest Yet
'Are 'the shapes and finishes of our new
frames. Just : received. ; Exquisite '.¦ designs
in' oval; square and other. odd shapes, fin
ished In? dead black, grays . and greens
¦with the daintiest gold top ornaments and
f estoonirigs, ? fitted complete ' with ? gold
beaded mats to match, at Sanborn &
•Vall'B, 741 Market street. •
Swiss Club Shoot.
The • Swiss Rifle ' Club , held its ¦ monthly
shoot , at Harbor View Park yesterday
afternoon. * The bullaeye shoot resulted
in the following order: A. Gehret, A.
Studer. A. von Wyl, A. Monottl, J. c.
Oiugunln, A. ' Glugunin, Joe ' Puner, P.
Suter Jr. , ; and J. BchelblL -," -,
The; class shooting: A. Gehret, 435,
champion class; R. Hauser, 399, first class;
F. Suter. 888, second ; class; . A. ¦ Monottl,
8M, fourth claw. ,
Next Sunday the Bay City Wheelmen
will have a big run to Trocadero, , under
Captain A. E. J. Nye.
On account of the heavy rain Satur
day night, the annual ten-mile road race
of the California Associated Cyclists,
scheduled for yesterday at San Leandro,
had to be postponed, as the roads were
too heavy to permit of fast time being
made. Chairman Splllane of the road
racing committee will probably set the
race for next Sunday, if all conditions are
favorable.
Road Race Postponed.
played an Interesting match yesterday on
the Alaineda ground against the Pacific
Club, and. If the lack of time had not
prevented It, they would almost certain
ly have defeated the local players. The
Pacifies went to the bat first, and thanks
to an excellent stand made by Coles and
Myers, compiled the good total of 140
runs. For Santa Cruz Howard and Jen
kins took three wickets each, while Bow
ley and DickBon captured two ' apiece.
Bowley and Howard went to. the bat
first for the visitors, and scored 70 be
fore they were separated. ,
When time was called the score was 121
for four wickets, with Jenkins and Hil
ton, the not out men, well set, the for
mer having made 22 and the latter 13
runs. Six Pacific bowlers were tried.
Ca&idy capturing three out of the four
wickets and Jamieson the other.
With two men set. five more to bat, and
only 20 runs to get to win, the visitors
had victory almost within their grasp.
SEASIDE CRICKETERS
PLAY A DRAWN MATCH
Victory Snatched From Grasp of San
ta Cruz Visitors by Call
of Time.
The Banta Crua visiting: cricketers
6/&/fe4**&*tt0
Brtr-ts cheer to the despondent, slumber to the
sleepless, appetite and strength to the feeble.
the axed, the convalescent. Made by the An
heu»«--Buscb Brewing Ass'n. St. Louis, TJ. S.
A., and Bold by all drupelets.
Mrs. George Adams Receives Injuries
Through Buggy Upsetting— At
Chutes and Baths.
A stray rabbit caused a serious accident
in the park yesterday afternoon. George
Adams, who resides at 738 Laurel avenue,
was driving in the park, accompanied by
his wife and two children. When near
the old police station a rabbit ran across
the road, frightening the horse. The ani
mal shied and the buggy turned over,
throwing all ot the occupants out upon the
ground. -~
Many: who witnessed the accident hur
ried to the scene; expecting that all those
thrown out-had been injured. Mr. Adams
and the children fortunately escaped with
a few slight bruises, but Mrs. Adams suf
fered - a severe scalp injury. She was
taken to her home in the ambulance.
' The buggy was uninjured, the horse
having stopped as soon as it upset. There
were no other accidents or Incidents
worthy of mention during the day.
The Chutes . entertained a large crowd
ye3terday with an augmented programme.
Notwithstanding the chilly weather
Sutro Baths were well - patronized. Fol
lowing are the results of the aquatlo con
tests at the baths. "
E0-yard dash. Juvenile— X. springer, • first; i E.
Laine second. Under-water swimming • con-
, est j Erasmy,' first; H. Liecken. second." Div
ine for" plate— J. Erasmy, first prize; H. Lelck
enf second prize; J. IMxon. third prize. 100
yard dash, amateur— J. Ringrose. first: L,
Spring second. Spring-board diving— W. Stock
ton first; F. Clough. second. High diving for
boy's— A. Bundberg. first priae; J. Dollar, second
prize... ¦ ¦¦_;'¦ /¦ r
RABBIT CAUSES SERIOUS
' ACCIDENT IN THE PARK
2Hatch.es Before the Columbia Ath
letic Club Are Creating
Interest.
There 'will be an old time boxing bee
at Woodwards Pavilion on Wednesday
night under the auspices of the Colum
bia Athletic Club. Al Keill is scheduled
to go twenty rounds •with Ben Tremble
of Los Angeles; Henry Lewis and Charles
Thurston are to battle fifteen rounds for
a. decision, and "Toby" Irwin and Eddy
Tov are to go ten rounds for a decision.
If victorious Nelll and Irwin Intend to
leave for the East. They have made all
their plan? for their trip and expect to
carry o-Jt their programme. Neill knows
that in Tremble he has a worthy opponent
end he is training hard at the Ocean
Beach for this contest. Visitors to his
trainir-p quarters have remarked that
JCelll has entirely rid himself of the
superfluous fat that was so evident in his
last fight with Jack Moffatt of Chicago.
Henry Lewis, who is to battle with Thurs
ton, Is at Nell's quarter*. Irwin is there
also. The trio work together and all are
reported to be in rtr.e fettle.
Lewis and Thurston will make their
third appearance in the ring as oppo
nents. Th*-ir former fights were fast and
furious and went the limit. It Is under
stood that thp loser g*>t» nothing in this
fight. Jack Walsh will referee the bout,
and If in his opinion extra rounds are
necessary to declare a winner the articles
of agreement give him power to call for
inore fighting.
Irwin and Toy fought a ten round con
test at the Mechanics' Pavilion some
'months ago. Irwin getting a decision.
Both have Improved einee then and the
contest between them will prove an in
teresting curtain-raiser. Thurston is a
protere of Alec Greggains. Toy is a grad
vate of the San Francisco Athletic Club
Thurston and Toy are conditioning them
selves at Blanken's Six Mile House.
FIGHTEBS AEE READY
FOB THEIB BATTLES
The handball matches at the San Fran
cisco handball courts yesterday resulted:
C. Murray and M. Klrby 21 21 16 15 21
Dan Regan and E. Barry 12 10 21 21 is
G. Hutchinson and M. Dillon.. 21 21 21
P. Kelly and W. Kelly 19 11 11
E. Antron and B. Clements.... 21 IS 21 21
L. Kenny and W. Collins 13 21 17 20
"W. Williams and W. Walsh.. 21 21 21
E. McOlnty and D. Connelly.... 20 15 10
W. H. Sleberst and L. Water
man a 21 21
J. R. Bockman and B. McDon
ougrh 17 13 19
F. Jacoby and W. Fisher 21 21 20 13 21
G. B. Hayward and W. H. Ke
dian H 16 21 a 13
T. Leach and E. Antron 21 21 21
T. Foley and N. J. Prendergast. 14 IT 19
G. B. Hayward and A. Tobln. 21 21 21
T. Foley and J. KUlian 19 13 16
J. Erranuspl and T. Eturralck.. CO aces
B. Esponda and B. Matte 30 aces
M. J. Kllgallon and R. Llnehan 21 21 14 21
J. White and J. Collins 16 IS 21 17
¦ ? ¦
In England during the past few years,
it is claimed, 140,320 farm laborers have
been displaced by machinery, while the
making of the latter, it is asserted, re
quired only the labor of 4600 men for one
year.
Handball Matches.
Rent rwpenflble for — Hiigbes 4. Trro-base hit
— Doyle. Sacrifices — Sheehan. Hanlon. Harper.
First base on errors — Sacramento 5, Stockton 4.
I'irst base on balls— Hughes 4, Harper 7. Left
en basee — Sacramento 12. Stockton 12. Struck
out — By Hughes 1. by Harper 4. by Babbitt L
Kit by pltcber — Pevereaux, ttanley. Stultz.
Trouble Jlaye — Courtney to Streib; Babbitt to
Ftreib; Graham to Moore; Harper to Streib;
Hughes ur.assined; Huehes to Eagan to Han
lcn. Time of game— 2:35. Umpire— James Me-
Pcnald. Scorer— I. C. Nathan.
SUMMARY.
6ACRAMEXTO, Oct. & — Stockton
turned the tables on Sacramento to-day,
winning an eleven-inning game. Hughes
Tvas found for thirteen safe hits. Harper
pitched eipht innings for Stockton and
then retired in favor of Babbitt. Dever
eaux anJ Johnson mixed up on the dia
mond and the latter was ruled off the
grounds. Score:
EACRAMEXTO.
AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
Devertaux, Sb 4 0 0 0 2 2 3
EhPehan, c. f 4 0 0 0 2 10
Ftanley, c 4 1 3 0 » 1 0
Ki-san. s. b 6 10 12 2 0
DcrlC r. f 4 12 0 2 0 0
McLaughlin. 1. f 4 0 2 0 1 0 1
Ufcnlon lb 4 1 0 1 13 0 0
Hughes, p 4 0 0 0 3 4 1
Btult*. Cb 3 0 0 0 4 C 0
Totals 37 4 7 2 33 15 5
STOCKTOX.
AB. R. EH. SB. PO. A. E.
McCarthy. 1. f 6 0 10 10 2
McGucken. c. f 6 110 3 0 0
Moore. 3b B 1 2 0 -1 3 1
t^tr^ib. lb 6 2 2 5 12 0 0
McHale, r. f. & 2b.. 6 1 3-1 0 0 0
Graham, c 5 1 1 1 S 2 2
Labbitt. e. «. & p... S 0 1 1 2 3 0
( ourtney. £b & 6. s.. 4 0 1 0 7 3 1
Harper, p. & r. f S 1 1 0 2 3 0
Tctals 47 7 1$ 5 33 1$ 6
RUNS ANT> HITS BT IXNIXGS.
Sarramento 20000200000—4
Base hits 3 000120100 1—7
Stockton 10001001103— 7
.base hits 3 0 10110211 2—13
cas at Sacramento.
STOCKTON WINS
Eleven Innings and a Diamond Fra-
Frank W Wakefleld to Sarah Wakefleld, all
irterest In the northeast corner of Polk and
Post streets. $1500 ; Abraham Green to Leon
Carrau. southeast corner of Buchanan and
Geary 62x206:3. $40,000; N. W. Miller to Patrick
Cahill northwest corner of Golden Gate and
Sevmour avenue*, 60x75. $2500; Robert D. and
Jennie Cranston to James Lough, northwest
corner of Halght and Devisadero, - 32:6x87:6.
Sooo* Charles F. McMurray et al. ¦ to William
llcM Merghel, west 'line of Blake. 156 feet
north from Point Lobos avenue. 54x120, $1000;
Homeseekers' Loan Association to Eckhard and
AnrTle K Ebert, west line of Hartford, 193 feet
north from Nineteenth, 22x125. $1700; Chrlsto-
Dher C Llllle A., Thomas W. and Katherlne
a Rivers to Clara M. Hammett, northeast cor
ner of Clipper and Sanche«. . 25:11x114; $2500;
Ca-ltal Building and Loan. Association to
James F Riley. west line of Douglas, 72 feet
north from Twenty-first. 25x100. $1500: Margaret
McAllister ot al. to Ann Donovan, west Una of
Polk. 69-6x84:6, gift; Edward, William and
Jeanette Wolf to Battlste and Michael Cian
riarelo north line of Ellis. 137:8 east from Oc
tivla 27:6x137:6: $16,000; Lydla B. and Arthur
G Fish and Flora . E. . Wertheimer to - Aloysla
M Kearns northwest corner of Eddy and
Bourbon place, 82:6x75, $3000; V?. A.> Frederick
to Frank L. Bateman, north line of Page, 171:3
west from Cole street. 35x137:6, $4500; Stenhen
L anl j Mary L. Born to James J. Gerran, north
Hn« of Alvarado street, 205 feet west from San
chez. 25x114, $3000; Edward D. and- Carrie J.
Holt to Emma Benke. north line of Lombard.
137-fi east from Dupont,- 20x137:6, $2000; Marie
de Bernardl to Leon d« Bernardi, north line of
KHbert 1«7:« «»»t from Dupont. 17 :2Hxl37:«.
$1500* Enoch ¦ Foster to ;-¦ W. v. F. Laumelster,
southwest Una of Second street/ 106:3 < teet
southeast from Brannan. 75xlM, $18,000; Charles
r and Henrietta V. : Peterson and Siegfried
and Emma. M. Marcus -to the National - Ice
Company, northwest corn«r : of Rhode
Island and Alamefia. 100x125, $11,000;
Samuel and Amy B. Center to
Charles B. Peterson and Siegfried Marcus,
ncrthwest comer of Fifteenth and* Vermont,'
100x200, $5600; Security ; - Lo*n >¦ Association , to
Easton & Eldridge have sold a large
part of the holdings of the late Mr.
Klinker at Golden Gate recently at auc
tion, there being twenty-three lots that
brought from $500 to $800 each.
Lyon & Hoag report the sale of three
lots in the Plxley estate block, bounded by
Fillmore, Steiner, Green and Union
streets. Two of them were bought by S.
A. Born, who will immediately begin to
erect two buildings to contain flats.
David Bush & Son have sold a residence
and fifteen acres at San Carlos, San Ma
teo County, for Alfred Todhunter to A. T.
Hellman for $10,000. They have also sold
fifty acres of apple orchards near Pajaro
for Mr. Hellman, the price being $8000;
also for Phillips and yachel, in the San
Martin ranch in Santa Clara County, live
acres each, to N. R. Ellis and Mrs. K. C.
Ellis at $100 per acre, and also 110 acres of
hillside to \V. M. Hersman for $2500.
Boardman, Hooper & Co. report the
sale by Kate E. Pelton • to Mrs. Y. S.
White lot with modern residence, on west
line of Buchanan street, 137:6 feet south
from California, $10,000; E. Ursin to
Charles Edelman, lot with new stores and
flats. 127 Silver street, lot 25x80, $7500; S.
E. Sawyer to Sol Getz, southwest corner
of Ninth avenue and M street. 152x120, also
the southwest corner of Eighteenth ave
nue and S street, also the southeast cor
ner of Eighteenth avenue and S street,
$5000; Julius itadston to James Hall,
northwest corner of Webster street and
Wildey avenue, 27:6x106, $4200; S. E. Saw
yer to Thomas Walker, 476 acres of tim
ber land in Siskiyou County, $1700: Mary
Quimby to John Trayner, west line of
Welter street, 100 feet south from Ridley,
25x100, $1600; A. C. Bingham to Maria
Gagne, south line of Lombard street, 137:6
feet west from Pierce. 50xl37;6, $1500; Au
gust C. Fisher to Margaret Skelly, north
east corner of D street and Thirty-sixth
avenue, 24:4x105, $500._ , ,
The sale of the 17,488-acre tract tule land
in Sutter County, between the Feather
and Sacramento rivers above Knights
Landing, property of the. Odd Fellows'
Bank. In liquidation, which hung flre^for
some two months after a deposit, of 10
per cent had been paid in consequence pf
the Galveston flood, has been finally
consummated and the money paid In full,
the Western Dredging Company being the
purchaser . and W. B. Eastin the broker
m the transaction. ' ¦ * ,
Deeds have been placed on record dur
ing the week as follows:
Shainwald, Buckbee & Co. have sold the
water lot on the southwest line of Main
street, 320:10 feet southeast of Howard,
45:10x137:6 feet, to Charles Hewitt for $26,
500. They have also sold the Holmes prop
erty on the west line of Octavia street,
100 feet north of McAllister. 50x137:6 feet,
for $7000. Also a lot on the southeast line
of Sherwood place, 137:6 feet northeast of
Third, 17:6x^5 feet, for $900. The properties
belonging to the estate of Angela R. Scott
have all been ordered sold by the execu
tors and have been placed in the hands
of Shainwald, Buckbee & Co. The prin
cipal piece is the residence on the south
west corner of Sacramento and Franklin
streets, on a full n" f ty-vara lot.
The old Captain Thomas place in North
Berkeley, otherwise known as "La Loma
Park," has been sold in building lota by
Easton & Eldndge. The purchasers were
largely the university people. The land
is nearly ovO feet above the level of the
bay. The lots brought from $1200 to $1500
at private sale, as reported by the brok
ers. Upon them hanascme residences will
be erected. The running of an extension
of the Telegraph avenue electric .road to
North Berkeley has bought a large sec
tion into mar Ket and made it desirable.
Lot 25x120, on west line of Nineteenth
avenue boulevard, 200 feet north of I
street, $S00; lot 25x120, on west line cf
Nineteenth avenue, 225 feet north of I
street, $S0O; lot 25x120, on west line of
Nineteenth avenue, near H. street, JS50;
lot 50x12$, on east line of Twentieth ave
nue, between H and. I streets, in the samo
block, $1400; lot 50x120, on west line of
Eighteenth avenue, 100 south of H street,
$1&X». Houses will be built at once on
some of the lots.
The land belonging to St. John's Pres
byterian Church, on tfie southeast corner
of California and Octavia streets, will be
sold. It has been placed with Shatnwald,
Buckbee & Co. to be disposed of. The con
gregation will retain the ownership of the
church building, which will be moved to
another lot in the Western Addition.
Considerable survey work is now going
on south of Golden Gate Park, along H
street, from Seventeenth avenue, farther
west. Grading operations on a large seal 5
¦will take placo «oo»o. Twentieth avenue,
between J, H and I streets, will be on an
official grade and it will be macadamized
in about a fortnight, according to current
reports. In the recent subdivision of the
new block of Baldwin & Hammond, front
ing on the H street electric cars and Nine
teenth avenue boulevard, sales are report
ed by Baldwin & Hammond as follows:
• City Warehouse Company with R. Keating,
excavating and concrete work for a three-story
brick building on the southwest corner of Bat
tery and Lombard streets. $6100; Mrs. -Marclu
B Cleveland with Bletch & Lansing, for car
penter f mill ¦ work, tin, plastering, etc.- for
two-story frame dwelling on east line of Fifth
avenue, "near Lake street, $2738 ; American Bis
cuit Company with George Goodman, for cement
and concrete work for . alterations, and addi
tions to four-story stone building on the north
west corner of Battery and Broadway, $3719;
United States. Government with Union Plan
ing Mill Company for three buildings for offi
cers' quarters at United States training station
on Yerba Buer.a Island, $2700; Elizabeth Buck
ley with G. P. W.; Jensen, alterations . and
additions ' to ' two-story frame . building . on ¦ the
west line of Buchanan street. 97:6 north from
McAllister. 40x72, cost $5700: William John with
William Snook * Son, for. plumbing, gas fitting,
etc., for three-story and attic frame building
on .the southwest - corner of Ellis and' Gough
streets, $1070: Dr. • W. - S. - Thome with C. . F.
Sheilby for excavating, brick, carpenter -work,
plastering, - «to., 'for, two-story frame building
on the ¦ north • line of Pacific avenue, 170:6 feet
west from ; Buchanan, $4820; same owner with
Ickelheimer Bros, for gasflttlng. plumbing, etc.,
on same, coat $1198: Bernard and Amllda Gaff
r.ey with . Alexander Fisher, for a , two-story
frame dwelling on south line of Brosnan street
305 feet west from Valencia; Catherine J.: Ken
nedy, \ Emma Knox and Catherine Short with
August f R. 'Jr. ¦; and E. ': H. ¦. Denke, ¦" for * altera
tions and additions, to frame building on north
line of -¦ Jackson street, : 55 .: west from •¦ Hyde
cost $4360; James • H. ,. Davig with I Daniel Ein
stein, for, a : two-etory frame dwelling on the
west line of Ashbury street, $5500. ,
Julia Descalso, east line of Stanyan, 75 feet
south from Rivoli, 25x100, $3000; . Charles H.
Lux et al. to Henry Lux, all ! property of the I
estate of Charles Lux. $5000;- American Surety
Company of New York to Theodore S. and
Minna A. Hoin, east line of Laguna, 28 :S fcbuth
fiom Greenwich, 26:8x62:6. $500; Mary T. Keane
et al. to Catherine Sheehan, south line of Cali
fornia, 156:3 east of Lyon, 25x137:6. $6500; Daniel
and Ellen Einstein to Frank L. Baternan, west
Hue of Ashbury, 30 feet south from Page, ?7:6x
87:6, $7500; Daniel and Ellen Einstein to James f
II. Davis, west line of Ashbury, 110 feet south
Irom Page, 27:6x137:6, 25x87:6, $3000; Theresa
Latz and Lizzie Newcomb to Jacob and Julia
"Wise, north line of Elliott Park, 418 feet west
fiom Stelner, 22x70, $2000; Adam George to Wll
helm C. and Louise Steers, east line of Tork, ]
93 feet north from Twenty-first, 25x100, $820;
Isabelle Levy to Reuben H. Lloyd, property
on east line of Dupont, near Clay, Morton,
near Grant, Mason, near Geary, Hyde. ¦ near
Geary. Sutter, near Leavenworth, Sutter, near
Tuylor, Sutter, near Mason, Sixth, near Har
rison, northwest corner Howard and Erie and
northwest corner of Sutter and Scott, reserving
llfis estate, the Internal revenue stamps indi
cating value of $16S,000; Hibernia Savings and
Loan Society to Patrick F. Dundon. northeast
corner of Beach and Jones and south line of
Jefferson, 137:6 east from Leavenworth, $10,000;
Ann SlmonsBon to William and. Louisa Puttick,
east line of McCormlck place, 94:6 south from
Pacific. 21:6x58:6. $425; Nicholas Ohlandt et al.
to Nicholas Ohlandt and John A. Buck, east
line of Iowa, 200 feet south from Twenty-flfth,
25x100, and northeast corner of Twenty-sixth
and Iowa, 100x100, $1735; John and Annie Tay
lor to Hildegard and Martin -Els, northeast
corner of Eleventh avenue and N street, 32:6x
100, $1500: Alphonse and Olga Pottet to Henri
Pottet. southeast corner of De Kalb and Cort
land avenue. 125x140. $1000; Virginia Goldstein
et al. to John McCormick, south line of Poet
etreet, 137:6 west from Gough, 27:6x137:6, $7000;
Charles F., Gussle, McM. and Robert M. Hunt
and Ellen McMurray to Herman Heynemann,
ncrth line of Pacific avenue, 68:9 west from La
guna, 68:9x137:6, $10,500; Edward Murphy to
Hannah Murphy, north line of Post. 110 feet
east from Lyon, 27:6x137:6, gift; Charles T.
Parker to Clara Parker, south line of Jackson
street, 100 feet west from Walnut, 27:6x100,
gift; Anselmo J. M. de Laveaga to Mary D.
Laveapa, south line of Tllden, 120 f6et west
from Castro. 27:6x139:5, " gift; Charles R. and
Frederick Ballhaus to Gluseppl Ponslni. N
line of Vallejo, 117:4 west from Montgomery, 44:6
x20, $500; Henry J. and Daisey A. Grogan to Te
re?e Valencia, northeast corner of Washington
and Hyde, 32:6x87:6. $8068; Daisey A.-Groiran
to Annie Le Guevel. same; gift: Annie Le Gue
vel to Terese Valencia, same, $4500: Terese Va
lencia to Tomaso Cuneo, same, $12,500; Grace
B. McPhale to Alice B. McPhale. west line of
Ninth avenue. 260 feet south from California,
25x120, sift; Solomon and Dora Getz to Lillian
E. Grennan. east line of Tenth avenue, 200
feet south from I street, 25x120, $1000; Charles
T. Parker to Clara C. Parker, lot 5. block P,
Park Lane Tract No. 4. gift; same to same, lot
16,. block V. Park Lane Tract No. 2, gift; Rob
ert and Louise C. Wannamacher to Jennie H.
and John La Place, lots 261 to 264, Hermann
Tract, $1000; Mary G. Phillips to Thomas Phlll
lpa, northwest line of Arlington, 163 feet north
west of R'ranoke, 50x100, $1500; Denis Donahue
Jr. to Jacob Heyman, southwest line of Eight
eenth avenue, 150 feet northwest from H street,
75x100, $500: M. K. Davids to John Murphy,
southeast corner of Point Lobos and Plymouth
avenues. 100x125, $500; Clara Schnabel to Henry
F. Blanchet Jr.. northeast line of Sixth avenue.
100 feet southeast from K street. $500; William
VV. and Margaret A. Piper to August M. Her
•man, northeast line of Sixth avenue, 150 feet
northwest from A street, $500; Charles Cleve to
AuRust H. Lochbaum, south line of Post, 118.3
west from Webster, 25x137:6, $2000; Julius and
Jennie Radston to James Hair, west line oC
Webster. 100 feet south from Pine. 27:6x108:3,
$4500; Edward J. Le Breton to Kate Chase,
northwest corner of California and Scott and
all interest in estate of Charles M. Chase, quit
claim deed: W. A. Frederick to M. J. Rudolph
Mohr. north line of Page, 162:3 west from Cole.
9x137:6 $1000: Mary H. Clprico to Edmund 8.
Ciprico, north line of Clay, 110 east from Wal
nut. 27:fixl27:SH. $500; Henry J. Muller to Frank
and Margaret Green, west line of Fol*om, 185
feet south from Fourteenth, 23x122:6, $2000; John
Center and "John F. Williams to Carrie : Wil
liams, west line of Capp street, 22 feet north
from Twenty-second, 22x122:6, $2000; Hlbernia
Savings and Loan Society to Rose Redmond,
north line of Valley. 230 feet west from San
chez 25x114, $1000; Sophie Herrington to Maria
Suter, west line of Powell street, 30 feet north
from Pacific. 22x45:10. $500; gift; Elizabeth V.
Veen to Claus Wreden Brewing Company, west
line of Jansen. 82:6 south from Lombard, 23x
30 southwest corner, of Taylor and Lombard,
west line of Taylor, 106:3 north from Green
wich 31:3x137:6, southwest corner Clay and
Mason, 58x27:6. northwest corner of Clay and
Ma3on. Turk and Scott, northeast corner of
Filbert and Mason and the north line of Green
wich, 62:6 west, from Taylor, $100; H. M. and
William G. Wreden and Anna A. Witzel to
same, all interest in same property, $100; Den
nis J Mercer to Mary C. Fallon, northeast cor
ner Ellis and Leavenworth. 137:6x137:6. " gift:
Augusta Kane Glbbs and Mary GIbbs Heyne
mann to Charles Hewitt, southwest line of
Main 183:4 northwest from Folsom, 45:10x137:6,
$">6 000- J. J. and Julia Rauer to Mary E. Reno,
lots 622 and 624, gift map. quitclaim deed; John
H Cooper to Ann Doherty, lot 462, girt map 8,
$100; Ann McCarthy , to Andrew and Mary
Doyle, northeast line of Sixth avenue 100 feet
northwest- from L street., $1000; Paulina Voss
to Salvatore and Carmella Navarra. west line
of Tehama 375 feet northwest from Norwich,
25xS0. $1000: Michael and Sarah Loftus to Tul
lio and Eliza B. Argentl. north line of Thirty
eighth. 38 :10}4 west from Tiffany, 26:8^x85:3,
$8000. •¦_',/ -v
The following bulldlnsr contracts are of
record: . /, \ . . &^£.pi'"i
First round— Glen Roy beat Right Arm; Ter
ronlte beat Sammle Gold; Miss Manila beat
Bounding Belle; Arno beat Four Spot: Tap Out
beat .Black Chief; Modesty beat Black Annie;
Mountain Chief beat Joker; Erin's Hope a bye.
Currency withdrawn; Mocorita beat John Col
lins: Low Shake beat Arion; Delia M beat
Prince of Fashion: Shootover beat Sleepy Dick:
Pink of Fashion beat Oak Leaf; Pansy Pasha
beat Black Flyer; Mickey Dugan beat Grant
R; Forgive beat Egyptian Princess; Sweet Fa
vordale beaf Ironwood; Cash Day beat Race
8 way.
Second round — Glen Roy beat Terronlte; Miss
Manila beat Arno: 'Modesty beat Tap Out:
Krin's Hope beat Mountain Chief; Low Shake
beat Mocorita: Shootover beat Delia M; Pink
of Fashion beat Pansy Pasha: Forgive beat
Mickey Dugan; Sweet Favordale and Cash Day
a" bye.
Third round— Glen Roy beat Manila; Erin's
Hope a bye, Modesty withdrawn; Sweet Favor
dale a bye; Low Shake a bye; Forgive beat
Pink of Fashion. .
Fourth round— Glen Roy beat Erin's Hope:
Sweet Favordale beat Low Shake; Forgive a
bye. '
Fifth round— Sweet Favordale beat Forgive;
Glen Roy a bye.
Final— Glen Roy beat Sweet Favordale.
STOCKTON, Oct. 28.— The results of the
coursing at the Pacific Coursing Club field
at Goodwater Grove to-day are as fol
lows: -'¦>:!%*; '
water Grove.
Glen Boy Wins the Stake at Good-
STOCKTON OOTJTLSINQ.
H. A. Deckelman's Master Rocket and Rocker
divide first and second honors. No deciding
course was run. ¦
Fourth round— Greenhall beat Snapshot, 4-0;
Bad Boy beat Santonin. 9-4; Master Rocket
beat Forget, 4-3; Mayflower, beat Best Bargain.
5-0; Rocker beat Mac's Melody. 3-0; Boha beat
May Hempstead,' 7-6; Fiery Face beat Dewdrop,
13-11.
Fifth round— Greenhall beat Bad Boy. 5-3;
Master Rocket beat Mayflower, 2-1; Rocker
beat Bohe, 4-0; Fiery Face a bye.
Sixth round — Master Rocket beat Greenhall,
4-2: Rocker beat Fiery Face, 16-11.
Third round— Greenhall beat Wedding Bells,
0-2; Snapshot beat The Grafter, ¦8-2: Santonin
beat Reannex. 6-2; Bad Boy beat Snapper Gar
rison. 10-4: Forget beat Warship. 15-11; Master
Rccket beat Fine Fire, 7-1: Best Bargain beat
Colonel Lopez, 6-0; Mayflower beat Mount Ida,
8-0; Mac's Melody beat Auckland, 7-2; Rocker
beat Iowa Boy, 8-4; Bohe beat Forest Queen,
7-3: May Hempstead beat Royal Union. 8-3:
Fiery Face- beat Little Sister, 9-5; Dewdrop
beat Red Angus, 9-5.
Union Pork, open stake, second round — Cap
tain Cane's Greenhall beat Connell Brothers'
Mamie Pleasant, 5-2; Russell, Allen & Wilson's
Wedding Bella beat Curtis & Sons' Flying Fox.
18-9: H. A. Deckelman's Snapshot beat J. Ken
nedy's Ever Sure, 6-0: P. J. Kellly's The Grafter
beat Curtis & Sods' McKinley. 8-1: J. Keenan's
Santonin beat J. Smith's Master Workman,
5-3; 0. Silver's Reannex beat W. D. Murphy'a
Crawford Lass. 4-0; J. Moriarity's Snapper Gar
rison beat Sterl & Knowles' Ollta, 4-0; Maher
& Reid's Bad Boy beat C. Bonar's Wild Norah.
6-0; J. P. Thrift's Forget beat Pasha Kennels'
Ktst Assured, 6-3; P. J. Reilly's Warship beat
E. M. Kellogg"* Iowa Maid. 5-0; H. A. Deckel
man's Master Rocket beat Captain Clarkson's
Headwater. 12-2; Aeneid Kennels' Fine Fire
beat Pasha Kennels' Roman Athlete. 4-0;
Oeorge McDougal's Colonel Lopes beat Pasha
Kennels' Reve d' Amour, 4-0; L. F. Barrels'
Best Bargain beat Sterl & Knowles' Sleety
Mist, 8-2; Lande & Gerber*s Mount Ida beat
Pasha Kennels' Random Aim, 4-3; J. Button's
Mayflower beat Aenetd Kennels* Aeneas. 5-0;
J. Carroll's Auckland beat Russell, Allen &
Wilson's Strayaway, 3-2; T. W. Bartela' Mac's
Melody beat? Russell, Allen & Wilson's First
Foot, 4-2; E. M. Kellogg's Iowa Boy beat
George Whitney's Theron, 7-5; H. A. Deckel
man's Rocker beat Russell, Allen & Wilson's
Faithful Lad, 16-8; J. H. Perigo's Bohe beat
J. DempseyV Jingle Bells, 4-3; J. Sheridan's
Forest Queen beat J. P. 4 Thrift's Tyrone Prince.
5-1; Pasha Kennels' May Hempstead beat P.
J. Olmo's Cora Pearl. 8-1;' P. J. Reilly's Royal
Union beat D. Toland's Pleasant Girl. 5-0;
Pasha Kennels' Fiery Face beat P. Jackson's
Golden Russet, 5-3; F. A. McComb's Little Sis
ter beat Larkey & Rock's Ladles' Choice, 8-0;
D. Dillon's Dewdrop beat George Parkinson's
Ben Lomond, '5-2; George Van Bergen' s Red
Angus beat Pasha Kennels' -Risky Attempt,
16-4. '
Sixteen short ends landed during the
day. In the third round a bunch of, five
of them put the talent in bad humor.
Wedding, Bells beat Flying Fox at 5 to
1. ' Fox led by five lengths, but when
Bells once cot in she worked the game
so, closely that he could not join. Bad
BoybeatWild Norah at 6 to 3. Mount
Ida at 2 to 1 beat Random Aim all the
way. Dewdrop beat Ben Lomond at 5 to
2 after being led four lengths. Snapshot
did all the work against The Grafter at
3 to 1, Santonin beat Reannex easily, at
7 to 2 and Forget outworked Warship at
5 to 2 after being led. Royal Union, '¦ a
5 to 1 favorite, suffered likewise with
May Hempstead, as did Red Angus with
Dewdrop at 3 to 1.
The day's results, with Judge John
Grace's official scores, follow;
Rocker beat Faithful Lad and Iowa
Boy. Then, with odds of 2% to 1 against
him, won from fast Mac's Melody with a
clean score, and followed by beating Bohe
pointless. ¦ In this go he was ¦ a short
ender, but showed three lengths of speed
over the fast little black. In ! the sixth
Rocker was more than lucky. Fiery Face
had him out twice. She stumbled at crit
ical moments, and lost her chances - to
compete In the final.
Both dogs performed well, Rocker show-
Ing old-time form, and his son proving
himself a speedy, clever youngster.' In
the second round Rocket made It easy
with Headwater, and in the next led and
won all the way from Fine Fire. The
same thing happened against Forget and
Mayflower, who was a 4 to 1 favorite. In
his last course he led Greenhall well, and
took -the turn.
, H. A. Deckelman's veteran Rocker and
his -sapling Master Rocket divided first
and second honors in the big 112-dog open
stake at Union Park yesterday. Rocker
closed the sixth round by beating Fiery
Face In a punishing course, which left
him a contestant for final honors against
his kennel mate. , With nothing but a
question of superiority at stake Deckel
man, waived the running of the final.
Transfers of Property During the Past Week in
San Francisco.
REVIEW OF CONDITIONS
IN THE REALTY MARKET
SHORTLT after noon yesterday the bridge at Tiburon was raised, and
the fleet of the Corinthian Yacht Club, with some of the San Francisco
craft and several arks, was towed into the lagoon. The launches A.
C. McNeill, Envoy, Wildwood and Crescie lent valuable assistance
in towing the yachts into winter Quarters.
The following yachts of the Corinthian Club passed from th© bay Into
the lagoon: The schooner "Wave, the yawls Nereid and Arcturus, the sloops
Edna, Emma, Rover, Aeolus, Truant, Mischief, Freda, Merope, Phanlcia,
Presto, AmigiJSStella, Belle. May, Clara, Ella, Halcyon, Wawona, Cupid.
Pleetwlng and Diana. The sloops Sappho. Juanlta, Thetis and Rambler of
"the San Francisco Tacht Club also went Into winter quarters. Several arks
are laid up In the lagoon,- among them being La Fiesta. La Paloma, Belve
dere. Edna, Utopia, Bohemia and Wigwam. The i sloops Nada: and Josie,
which are not on the roll" of any of the yacht clubs, took advantage of the
open bridge to enter the sheltered waters, where \ the pleasure craft will j He
protected from winter storms till April of next year.
The following yachts of the Corinthian fleet are still lying, at their moor
ings in the cove, and will remain there throughout the winter: Yawls— Spray,
Naiad and Seven Bells; sloops— Speedwell, Harpoon, Emllie, Doris and Doris
II. Mignon, Queen, Nereus and Neptune.' Ex-Commodore - George . S. Bil
lings' sloop Nixie is still at her moorings near the Sausalito ferry-slip, but
will shortly be taken up on Stone's ways at Tiburon, which are -at ; present
occupied by the sloops Pactolus and Mist of the California Tacht Club,
After the yachts had gone into the lagoon the yachtsmen went back ¦ to
the clubhouse, where the rest of the afternoon was spent in ; storing away
in the loft sails, ropes, cooking utensils and cabin furnishings. Though the
yachting season has thus closed, the yachtsmen will continue to visit the
clubhouse on fine Sundays, while the rowing and launching members will
still follow their favorite pastime.
On Saturday night a party of : yachtsmen met In the San Francisco Club
house at Sausalito, where dinner was served, after which an ¦ Informal
smoker was on the boards.
and Give the "Wise Ones
a Severe Bet-
Rocker and Master Rocket
Divide Big End of
the Stake.
- «
Five Short Ends Win in a Bunch
STAKE HONORS GO
TO SIRE AND SON
HEW TEAM DOWNS
OLD CHAMPIONS
Whitney Brothers Are De
feated by Jones and
O'Brien in Doubles.
»
Handicap Tournament for the Davis
Cups Presents a Surprise on
the California Club
Courts. ; V
«
The tournament yesterday at the Cali
tornia Club for the Davis cups was won
by Paul Jones and John O'Brien, a new
team. They defeated the Whitney broth
*x> in the finals in straight sets.
**lay was commenced In the morning,
•with nine teams entered. The first match
was between Grant Smith and H. W.
Crowell vs. Merle Johnson and J. A. Code.
The latter team received four-sixths of 15.
Johnson and Code won the first set, 7-5:
Smith and Crpwell the next two and
match. 6-3, €-3.
J. O'Brien and Paul Jones gave Kuehn
and Joseph Mayhew 15 and beat them f.-4,
6-3. Mr. Dodge and R. Erskine defeated
Mr. Sperry and Mr. Worthington, 4-6, 6-4,
6-4, after a hard fight. George and Rob
ert Whitney gave W. B. Collier and Al
Rosengerg half of 30 and beat them
the best two out of three sets. 3-6. 6-3. 6-4.
Crowell and Smith gave David Painter
and Dr. Lane 20 and beat them, 6-4, 6-3.
O'Brien and Jones received 15 from Smith
and Crowell and beat them in a long strug
gle, 5-7. S-G, C-4. The Whitney brothers
ihen took on Dodge and Erskine, giving
them half of 40. The Whnneys won, 7-5,
6-2.
Two teams were left In the finals,
O'Brien and Jones and the Whitney
brothers. It looked like a walkover for
the coast champions and it would have
been but for the handicap. O'Hrien ar.d
Jones received odds of SO und l-<5 and won
by the score. 6-3. 7-3. 6-0. Th* losers put
lap a ram« fight in the first two sets, but
In the last did not go to the net at all.
The winners are a young team and played
a 6teady game all through the tourna
ment. The tournament was the most suc
cessful doubles handicap that the club
has ever held, being especially popular
with the poorer players, who had a chance
to win first place.
San Francisco 7, Oakland 4.
Another home run by the red-armed
Mr. Held and hits that grew apace in th«
latter part of the game when the San
Francisco team was working with the
stick were the features of an errorful
game on the Oakland grounds yesterday
morning. To counterbalance the fringy
fielding at times six double plays were
hatched as a setoff. . u
Moskiman was in the box for the Dudes.
For six innings he pitched exceedingly
good ball, but then the locals found his
underhand delivery and bunched hits in
scintillating packages. Fireman Fltz.
slab-worker for San Francisco, was at
his best after the first inning. Only six
times in all was he swatted. The score:
OAKLAND. . \ ;
AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
Drennan. o. f 6 1 3 0 1 0 0
Francks, s. ¦ 2 10 0 16 0
Held. 2b 3 1 1 0 6 5 2
Hardie. r. f 110 0 0 0 0
Hutchinson. lb i 9 1 0 10 0 0
Moskiman. p 4 0 0 0 0 11
Bowman, 1. t 3 0 0 0 3 0 0
Lohman, o 2 0 0 0 4 0 0
Kelly, 3b 4 0 1 0 S t 1
Totals 84" *4 ~t • 27 14 "i
SAN FRANCISCO.
AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
Brockhoft, c.r & s.s. 6 0 1 0 1 S 0
Hildebrand, r. f 5 0 10 2 0 0
Krupr. E.e. &. c.f.... 8 1 2 0 1 0 1
Pabst. lb 4 3 3 0 10 1 0
Schwartz, 2b 5 2 10 3 4 0
Sullivan, c 3 110 6 10
Levy. i. f 3 0 10 2 0 0
Reilly, Sb 4 0 2 0 15 1
Fitzpatrick, p 4 0 0 0 2 2 1
Totals 38 7 11 0 27 16 3
RUNS AND HITS BT INNINGS.
San Francisco 0 10 0 0 0 2 4 0—7
Base hits 1 10 0 0 13 4 1—11
Oakland 2 01000010—4
Base hits 2 01010110—6
SUMMARY.
Runs responsible for— Moskiman 5. Fltzpat
rlck 3. Home run — Held. Two-base hits— Krug,
Reilly. Sacrifice hit* — Francks 2. Levy. First
base on errors— Oakland 2, San Francisco 3.
First base on called balls— Oakland 5, San
Francisco 2. Left on bases— Oakland 6. San
Francisco 5. Struck out— By Mosklman 4, by
Fltrpatrick 5. Hit by pitcher— Hardie. Double
plays — Kelly to Held to Hutchinson; Moskiman
to Held to Hutchinson; Sullivan to Reilly;
Schwartz to Pabst: Francks to Held to Hutch
inson: Fltzpatrick to Pabst. Wild pitch—Fitz
patnek. Time of same-Two hours. Umpire—
H. Smith. Official scorer— H. : S. McFarlln. '
MORNING GAME.
When the ninth Inning rolls along and
the local team is on the diamond It la
pretty much of a certainty that a sen
sation will be sprung, even if Hank Har
ris and his nine performing pets have to
travel the circuitous path to reach It.
At Recreation grounds yesterday the
score was 7 to 6 in favor of the Dudea
and the local team, last at bat, were try
ing to Fhove runners over the plate. With
two men, whose epitaphs had been writ
ten, sent back to the bench and Krug
and Pabst on third and second. It was up
to Sullivan to save his team or die with
it. The usual howls and dinful noise were
let loose and, provokea by tue exhorta
tions of. the Frisco team, the small boy
fringe along the field fences began to
spread out on the grounds proper. Um
pire Hughey Smith ordered the Held clear
and called time. While this was being
done Krug and Pabst. in the realm of
"pipe" energy, rounded the bases.
Naturally Smith ordered -the men to re
turn to their bag positions. This provoked
several explosions of lingual wrath on the
part of Mr. Pabst and drew Uncle Henry
on the field. Hank oristled with many
kinds of anger and nearly shook off his
finger at the head of Mr. Smith. But
Hughey laughed at the absurdity of it
all and ordered the game to go on. This
was done. Sullivan cut huge s.ices in the
air three several times and the Dudea
came in on the jump with the single vic
tory of the series.
So plethoric were the errors that clean
fielding was provocative of spasms among
the fans. Francka* work at short was
brilliant and in glittering- contrast to his
diamond brothers.
The second inning gave a couple of runs
to both teams. Due to a couple of errors
by Brockhoff. Bowman and Logman, who
got a hit apiece, crossed the rubber. The
score was tied before the inning was com
pleted. Reilly was put on the Dags on four
bad ones and Iburg, by some careless
work of Lohman, 'who was o— on an air
ship after Iburg struck at random at
three offerings, was safe at first. A two
bagger by Brockhoff scored both.
In the seventh the local team opened
with a two-bagger by Reilly and lburg
was brought into the bag-chasing on
Hutchinson's error. Tiien Unman went
bad at the plate when Brockhoff's
grounder to Hutch was sent .lomeward,
Keilly scoring. Later on an off-color
throw by Borchers to first anowed lbur£
and Brockhoff to score.
The eighth inning was all for the Dudes.
They hit Iburg three times and scored a
quartet— Moskiman, Hutchinsoi;. Bowman
and Lohman — Drennan' s two-bagger being
responsible for the plate-scraping of tl>u
latter two. In the ninth the Dudes scored
once again, Moskiman getting the credit
of the run. This made the score what It
finally was.
The game yesterday was in sore need
of two attributes of baseball — policemen
to check the small boys' fence-jumping
and an umpire whose* eyes can detect a
ball that's a ball and a strike that's a
strike. The score:
OAKLAND.
AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
Drennan, c. f 6 0 10 2 0 0
Francks. s. s 6 0 0 0 2 8 0
I Held. r. 1 5 0 0 0 10 0
I Moskiman, 2b 4 2 3 0 2 6 0
Hutchinson. lb 6 1 0 0 15 3 1
Borchers, p £080132
Bowman, 1. f 4 2 1.0100
Lohman. c 3 2 2 0 3 12
Kelly. Sb 4 0 1.0 00 0
Totals 40 7 11 0 27 XI "I
BAN FRANCISCO.
AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
Brockhoff. s. s 5 12 0 2 6 4
; Hlldebrand. r. f..-.. 5 0 2 0 0 1 0
; Krus, c. f 4 0 0 1110
! Pabst, lb 4 0 1 1 13 0 1
Schwartz, 2b 3 0 1 0 2 1 0
Sullivan, c 4 0 10 3 2 0
Levy. :. f 4 0 0 0 3 0 0
Reilly, Sb 3 2 1116 1
Iburg, p 4 2 112 2 1
Total* 36 6 8 4 27 17 7
RUNS AND HITS BT INNINGS.
Oakland 0 2 0 0 0 0 0 4 1—7
Base hits 0 2 12 10 0 3 2-11
.San Francisco ..0 00020200—5
Base hits 2 1101110 2—9
SUMMARY. .'.¦-.,
Runs responsible for— Borchers . 1, Iburgr 1.
Two-base hits— Iburg. Brockhoft. Riilly, Dren
nan, MoEkiman. ' Sacrifice hits — Bowman, Sulli
van. First base on errors— San Francisco 4,
Oakland 5. First base on called balls— San
Francisco 5. Oakland 1. Left on bases — San
Francisco 10, Oakland 9. Struck out— By Iburg
t, by. Borchers 4. Double plays— Hutchinson to
Francks; Francks to Moskiman to Hutchinson.
Passed ball — Lohman. Time of came — Two
hours and 10 minutes. Umpire — H. Smith. Offi
cial scorer— J. \f. Stapleton.
Oakland 7, San \ Francisco 5.
of the Day in Two Bagged
Games of Base-
Grows Wrathful at Peaceful
Mr. Smith in the Last
Inning.
* * . :;'..
Dudes and Locals Divide the Honors
UNCLE HENRY A
VERY BAD LOSER
There is much speculation as to the
number of bookmakers that will cut in
the first day and it now looks as if eight
een or twenty might hang out their sign.
Johnny Coleman. with his magnetic and
enticing smile, will, of course, be ready
with the chalk. Hoffman & Co. will prob
ably have two books on. Joe Harlan is
even now on the anxious seat. Al Ko
nigsberg. who rolled a shoestring into a
shoe factory around the Chicago track,
will weigh in and Tom Qulnn handles the
coin for him. "Peck" Eppinger, tired of
guessing from the ground, starts the sea
son with a bank roll that would give a
tramp the tired feeling to carry. Ed "Wal
lace is his block man. Henry Harris, the
baseball magnate and a well-known local
newspaper man will lay odds with a four
story roll. George Rose's crew is due to
day and George gets here shortly. A
Nome prospector named Mitchell will also
make his debut. Bert Cavanaugh, the
Sacramento politician, is going to have a
shy at the game. John Humphrey, of
course, is ready. Caesar Young and "Bill"
Langford. both now residents of Oakland,
are waiting to put their names down.
Tony Cook is another that intends chalk
ing prices. Fred Cook, the owner of an
extensive string of horses, and several
other bookies will reach here this week.
The local racing season will be Inau
gurated at Oakland track on Saturday
next and yesterday J. W. Brooks issued
for publication the weights for the Open
ing: handicap. In .past seasons this race
has furnished many a brilliant contest
and with the extraordinary long list of
entries a repetition of the same can bo
looked for this year. Kastern stahjes are
well represented, but as owners from the
other side of the hills have been dilatory
In arriving it looks as if the winner
might be picked from one of the Califor
nia strings. Handicapper Brooks had a
difficult task set before him in adjusting
the weights ¦ on the sixty entries nomin
ated, still his work in the past has fully
demonstrated that he is capable of han
dling them.
The complete list of entries, with the
weights allotted, are as follows: -„ ¦ :
Opening handicap, purse 11500— A handicap
for three-year-olds and upward. Entrance, $10;
140 additional to start. The club to add an
amount necessary to make the gross value of
the race 11500. of which «20O to second and J1O)
to third. Weights to be published Monday, Oc
tober 29. Acceptances to bo made at the track
before 11 o'clock a. m., Friday, November 2.
To be run Saturday, November 3. One mile:
Favonius. 126 pounds; John H. Morris, 122; True
Blue. 117; Modrine, 117; Formero, 116; Torslna,
116; Rosormonde. 115; Montanio, 113; Tayon,
110; El Mldo, 110; The Fretter, 110; Imperious,
110; Roslnante. 109; Andrisa, 109; Silver Tone,
108. Asian, 108; Malay, 107; St. Cuthbert. 107;
Prejudice. 107; Lothian. 106; Gauntlet. 1M;
Scotch Plaid. 105; Pat Morrissey, 105; Dr. Ber
navs. 105; Cromwell. 105; Flush of Gold. 106;
Tuthill, 105; Salvation, 105; Ostler Joe, 105; Lov
ing Cup, 103: Haviland. 103; Mortgage, 102;
Wax. 101;. Merry Boy. 100; Dare II. 100; Con-
Btellator. 100; King Carnival. 100; Novla, 100;
Th« Monk. 100; Herculean. 100: Goldone. 100;
Tempo. 100; Vain, 98; Sunello. 90: The Bobby.
98: My Gypsy, 96; Trimmer, 95; Bathos, 95;
Jennie Reid, 95; Good Hope, 93: Casdale, 93;
Key del San Juan, 90; Naples. 90; Taranto. 90;
Dlanola. 90; Gilberto. 90; McXaraara. 90; Piohn.
90; Spike. 90; The Buffoon. 90.
Favonius Allotted Top Welghtr— Too
Early to Speculate On — Some of
the Bookmakers Who
Will Cut In.
Great Field Will Face the
Flag Opening Day at
Oakland.
ISSUE WEIGHTS
FOR HANDICAP
YACHTS ARE TOWED
INTO SAFE WATERS
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, OCTOBER 29, 1900.
back.
ball.
5
ADVERTISEMENTS.
fainting, smothering, palpha-
tion, pain in left side, shortness
of breath, irregular or intermit-
tent pulse and retarded circula-
tion all come from a weak or
defective heart. Overcome
these faults by building up the
heart-muscles and making the
heart-nerves strong and vigor-
ous. Dr. Miles' Heart Cute
is the remedy to use. It is
the best.
"I had fainting and smother-
ing spells, dizziness with a fall
feeling ia my head and deranged
stomach. I heard of Dr. Miles'
Heart Cure and at once began its
use. I coulcl see an improvement-
after the first dose, and just two
Dottles cured me completely."
2ST. Labzeliee, Borneo, Mich.
P*. Miles'
Heart Cuse
is a heart and blood tonic of
unequaled power, and never
fails to. benefit if taken in time.
Sold by druggists on guarantee.
Or. Miles Medical Co., Elkhart, In*
R ad way's
Pills
Purely vegetable, mild and reliable. Cause
perfect digestion, complete absorption and
healthful regularity.
For the curs of all disorders of the Stomach.
LJyer, Boweli, Kidneys, - Bladder, Female Ir-
rtfUlarlUea, Elck Headache. Biliousness, Con-
stipation, Piles and' all derangements of the
Internal Viscera. 2Sc a box. At Druggists, or
,*ar mill BADWAT * CO- M.w l3u
ADVERTISEMENTS.
TELEPHONE GRANT S3.
222-224 SUTTER ST.
Just received first shipment of the
famous clear Havana. 5c Cigar, "LA
DEVINA COQUETTAS." Also in
stock again, the well-known "LA
ROSA BELLA" Cigar at 5c See
our cigar window.
SPECIAL REDUCTIONS
MONDAY— TUESDAY— WEDNESDAY
Butter. 16 49c square
Resr. 50c. Do not be misled by tha low
price — it ia the best.
Mac'erel, Norwegian, lg 25c
Fat and tender— Res. 20c. 15c
First of the season.
"FatQritr da Cal. Claret
He;, case, 1 doz. quarts, $3 73, 9 2 .00 '
Reg. case, 2 doz. pints. U 73, S.OO
Has no ecual at this price.
Kona Coffee w^saA nd Ib 20c
New shipment of a superior quality from
Sandwich Islands.
>Smyna Figs E aS: 30c
This season's first Rec nc»
Importation. 80c «w6
Corn, *'Ca:tus" brand, caa 10c
Regular 12%c. Choice Eastern.
Pate Dentifrice 3S£ Jar 25c
Roger & Gallet's Tooth Pasta.
Tooth Brashes R^: 25c
Loonen's celebrated.
A'monds, Paper Shall, B & ft 20c
New croD; finest erown.
Italian Pruies &*£ 3 lbs 25c
Cocoanut k£: lb 15c
Schepp's shredded.
Curtain Stretchers ?;.& $1.65
Stationary pin, • feet wld*. 13 teet Ions.
0. K. WHISKY »u 3 bats $2.00
Nine years old, Bea. <O nt\ -~l
mellow and pore. HoL <)O»UU gal
Country orders solicited.
Watch our Thursda/s Ad.
I What we say I
I is that
I. "Ko-Nut"
H a Pure Sterilized Cocoanut
1 Fat, is superior to Butter,
U Lard or Compounds.
I Fqf Shortening and j
I Frying
i Never gets rancid. Ask
| your grocer, or write
I India Refining Co.,
1 Philadelphia.
DR. MEYERS
Specialists i§
' Disease and weak- v\jft. A
ness of men. Es- v SuJld
tablished 1S81. Con- lV$>4p^f'
(elevator entrance). y^VlvWfV
San Francisco -^Hv^w*^fcf2s£lh>
DR.PIERCES
GOLDEN
MEDICAL
DISCOVERY
FOR THE
B8.G»OD.1.IVER.HJ1MGS.
jH^fiSiagyfcMfc&wl ruined' for Gonorrhea*.
T#3R5^CCKEs%KJ Glset, Spermatorrhoea,
/f3(5*ar In I ta Sda?i.^s3 Whites, unnatural dij-
fX^mr Guaranteed M charges, or any intUcama-
m*a>3 not u> ttrutare. tion, irritation or ulcera-
¦ Ti. TV """" eo °'- m<loa - tioa of mucons mem*
PJ%yHEEVAN3CHEWin»tC3. branei. -N'on-astrinsent.
BrtSa,0:NS!NN*n.0.kSwJ Sola by DrutsUU,
m\ C..S.A or sent in plain wrapper,
JRggn^T 'ZUFVl b * MpreM. Prepaid, fo*
51.no. «r 3 bottles, 92.73.
- U Circular »ont oa reqaert.
ff\ I H J\ ¦ iJHE* Laflln A Hand WaterprraC
B ¦ a HiAnSL Smokeless Powder, la bt_lk
1-9 j jTJSj and loailed in shells. Semi
H t L Ol via % * or catalcpue ot sporting;
*Jt W B W %£/ K 0<x!s - OKO - w - SHREVE.
""^ "*^ r "39 Market it-
Weak Men and Women
SHOULD USE DASIIAN.V B1TTBB3, THB
great Mexican remedy; elves health and
•treneth to sexual organs. Depot. 333 Market.
DIRECTORY
01* RESPONSIBLE HOUSES.
Catalogues and Price Lists Mailed
on Application.
ATTORNEY.
F. H. MERZBACH. lawyer. 603 CaL. Cltrala bd.
COAL, COKE AND PIG IRO.V.
Jf TL?1I QflV J fft 90 ° Battery Street.
•1/ nllOUll (1 tU . Telephone Main liM.
COPPERSMITH.
CTV CMITH Snip Plumbiny. Steamboat and
WOiTlUD- Ship Work a specialty. IS and
18 Waahington »t. Telephone Main tfrtl.
• ELECTRICAL.
D. D. WASS.
- Electrical Engineer. St East it.
FRESH AND SALT MEATS.
TiC DHVEC t m Shipping Butchers. 104
JA> DUltS&lU- Clay. TeL Main U94.
OALVANIZINQ AND METALS,
irff. & Dealer in Metals & Galvanizing. JOHN
FINN METAL. WORKS. 315 Howard it.
METAL.
Extra I!notyp« and stereotype metal. Paetfla
Metal Works. 137-9 First St.. San Fraaelaoo.
OILS.
IX-BRICATTXO OILS. LEONARD A TXU3.
418 Front at,*. S. F. ' Fhona Mala ITU.
. PAINTS.
Cylinder ft Lubricating Oils. Schneider's Mlniae;
Candles. C O. CLINCH & CO.. 9 Front, a F.
PRINTING.
E» Xr HUGHESt SnSa"sgm»*st. 8. P.
PRINTERS. BOOK BINDERS.
THE HICKS-JUDD CO..« :
23 First st.. San Fraastacoh
STATIONER AND PRINTER.
"gag" PARTRIDGE ** %£"*
Wflllfi 1511 STEAM COAL. KSSLg
DIAMOND COAL MINING CO.. at Its GREEN
RIVER COLLIERIES, is th« Best Coal in the
market. Office and XarOa— 4-0 ifaUa strwV .(8fa» "* -tlSiilttfe dralU_
MONDAY OCTOBER 29, 1900
JOHN D. SPRECKELS. Proprietor.
Address All Com mu fixation s to W. S. LE/KE, Wir^tprt. ,
MAVAGEirs OFFICE Telephone Pre«« 204
i'CBLICAYIOjr OPFICE...Markft and Third. S. K.
Telephone Press SOI.
EDITORIAL ROOMS 217 to 221 Stevemon St.
Telephone Press 202.
Delfi-ered by Curriers. IS Cent* Per Week.
Mnjrlf Copies. S Cents.
Terms br Mall. Including Po"tai?et
DAILY CALL (tncludlns Sunday), one year W.W
DAIX/T CALL, ttnetadinfr Sunday). < months.... !-" r
DAILY CAUL. Oncludlng Bunday). S months 1.50
DATX/T CAT**— By Single Month C6c
SUNDAY CALL, One Year 1-M
WEEKLY CALL. One Year 100
All postmasters nre authorized to receive
tEli«nrlpllO»»
Sample copies will be forwarded T-ten reQueoted.
Mall Rjbccrfbeni In ord>r!ng cbasg* of artdres* nhould fce
particular to rive both NEW AND OLD ADDRESS In order
to insure a prompt and oorrert compliance with their request.
OAKLAND OFFICE 1113 Broadway
C. GEORGE ItllOGXESS.
Manager Foreign Advertising. Marquette Building, Chicago.
CLtoag Distance Telephone "Central 261J.")
NEW YORK CORRESPONDENT:
C C CAni/TOX Herald Square
NEW TORE REPRESEXTATrrE:
STEPETEJf B. SMITH 3O Tribune Building;
NKW YORK NEWS STANDS:
Waldorf -Artoria Hotel; A. Brentano. a Union Square:
Hurray niU Hotel.
WASBISOTOX CD. C.) OFFICE. . . .1406 G St., 3V. W.
MORTON D. CRAXK. Correspondent.
BILA7VCH OFFICES— €17 Montgomery, corner of Clay, open
anttl i-.Si o'clock. S00 Hayes, open until 9:ZQ o'clock. 631
McAllister, open until 8:80 o'clock. CIS Ijarkin. open until
t JO o'clock, ltil Mission, open until 10 o'clock. CC1 Market,
oorner Sixteenth, open until J o'clock. 10M Valencia, open
tint'l t o'clock. 108 Eleventh, open until * o'clock. NW. cor
ner Twenty-eecond and Kentucky, open until 9 o'clock.
MRS. MARTIN REQENSBURGER. PRESIDENT OF THE *ORUM CT.TJB.
WHO IS CREDITED WITH BEING THE MOST PROGRESSIVE OFFI
CER THAT EVER PRESIDED OVER THAT ORGANIZATION.
The Increase of ships In the German
navy within the next twenty years will
carry with it a corresponding augmenta
tion of the personnel, a* Indicated In tha
following table:
mnm thickness, and they have an unsav
ory reputation as to their seagoing quali
ties. The Hecate cost originally 5737,165,
and her repairs since 1S77 foot up to $231,
275. The entire lot have been obsolete for
twenty years and have practically been
laid up in ordinary for fifteen years.
A brisk trade In fox skins is springing
up between France and Italy. The latter
last year exported 4000. mostly from
around Rome. Foxes are plentiful In
Italy.
We are making a clean-up Is our sta
tionery department by closing out a lot
of odd writing papers and envelopes a£
especially low prices. It will pay you to
come and see them. Sanborn, Vail & Co..
741 Market street. •
A Clean-TJp.
Special information supplied dally to
business houses and public men by tha
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's). 510 iionN
gomery st. Telephone Main 1042. - *
CaL glace fruit 50c per It> at Townsend's.*
The officers above enumerated are all
seagoing and. there will be & correspond
ing increase of dockyard officials. Tha
present number of officers and men Is 26.
651. which will thus be increased, by 4473
In 1904. and considerably mow t&an dou
bled in 1920.
Vast sums are wasted in useless repairs
upon obsolete vessels In the several na
vies, but the most flagrant Instance Is
that of the Hecate in the British navy.
The Admiralty has decided to place new
boilers in .this thirty-year-old Ironclad,
and the only benefit derived therefrom
will be the distribution of $85,000 to con
tractors and their workmen. The Hecate
Is one of a class of four," the others being
the Cyclops. Gorgon and Magdala. de
nominated as coast defense vessels, that
were begun In 1870 and finished eight years
later. They are of 8560 tons, . 1200 horse
power and credited with 9.9 knots speed:
their Iron armor Is only 8 Inches maxl-
• • •
Inducements are held out in the British
navy for gun crews to make good records,
and was appropriated last year to
be divided as money prizes for the best
target practice. The United States Gov
ernment Is somewhat niggardly in this re
spect, for our last Congress appropriated
only $12,000 for "gunnery exercises," em
bracing prizes for excellence in gunnery
exercises and target practice; diagrams
and reports of target practice; for the es
tablishment and maintenance of targets
and ranges; for hiring established ranges
and for transporting 1 to and from ranges.
No similar appropriation was made in the
preceding year, and after all the Inciden
tal outlays have been covered It is possi
ble that a small amount may remain
from which prizes will be given to good
marksmen. .
The Rio de la Plata, a cruiser of 1S75
tons, presented by Spaniards residing In
South America to the mother country, ap
pears to be an efficient vessel for her size.
She was built at Havre in a remarkably
short time and exceeded her contract
speed of 16 knots under natural draught
by 2.7 knots. Nearly all the material used
in her construction was supplied In Spain,
only the nickel srmor and boilers coming
from Vlckers, in England.
A battleship of 15,000 tons Is being: laid
down at Chatham dockyard. The vessel
is to be 405 feet in length. 73 feet beam
and a mean draught of 26 feet 9 Inches.
As compared with the American battle
ships about to be built, the British ship
is 30 feet shorter. U\i Inches less beam and
2 feet 9 inches greater draught. % The speed
of both types Is to be 19 knots.
• • ?
The British torp«do gunboat Niger Is to
have new engines and boilers at a cost of
$190,000. She was built in 1S0O at a cost of
$192,000. but. like the other ten boats of
her type, was not a success. A similar
vessel, the Skipjack, one of eleven, was
modernized recently with the satisfactory
result of increasing her speed from 13 to
21 knots.
The great activity in navy building has
encouraged capital to invest largely In
shipbuilding and engineering establish
ments. A large shipyard is being located
on the Lower Weser, on the North Sea;
another yard Is talked of at Stralsund.
on the Baltic, and a third yard, the larg
est, is being established at Antwerp-
Bilge keels are being fitted to all the
French coast defense vessels. In order to
overcome their great rolling propensity,
which make them unsteady gun platforms
and otherwise uncomfortable.
The old Iron Duke, an armored cruiser
in the British navy, has been withdrawn
from the active liat and is to serv© as a
training ship for second-class stokers.
WORLD'S NAVAL NEWS.
.•• HOTEL DEL CORONTADO — Famous for rolf,
hunting,- flshln g, •cenerr, ' cuisine. . perfect cli
mate and the social position and culture of its
patrons.- At 4 New MonUromtry tt or Ml Mar
kst st.. r city,' «et Information and rates.
The three great luxuries in. Siberia are
churches, theaters and museums. Even
the smaller villages can usually be sight
ed from afar, by means of the white walla
and the towering dome-shaped cupolas of
their churches. These are all amply ¦up
plied'With bella, whose rich tones roll in
majestic harmony, over' distant hill and
vale and break the monotony of the peas
ant*' daily toil. Inside, these churches
are highly ornamented with paintings,
and they are presided over by married
priests, who take . keen and genuine in
terest in even the poorest" of the flock.—
New York Post. :¦...¦
Luxuries in Siberia.
Nations no less than individuals have a wholesome
fear of collectors of bad debts. With uneasy con
science Turkey has gone into spasnis of guilty "unrest
at the innocent visit of our. fighting ships to; some' of
her ports. ' :-.'.'
The timers drawing near when William' Jennings
Bryan will have to look for a new job. It ought to
seem judicious for some enterprising -manager of fa
museum to secure a3 a star attraction the man who
talked more and said less than, any other man in
America.
The Controller of New York has just borrowed
$4,500,000 for 3.2 per cent, while bankers representing
Hamburg are advertising in New York bonds to
the amount of $9,520,000 and the rate of interest of
fered is 411 per cent. That is one of the evidences of
the kind of prosperity we get under sound money. '
In a recent speech in New York Bryan said: "If I
am elected I promise you that within a year there will
not be a private monopoly in existence within the
United States." That is one of the promises that
Bryan might fulfill, for if he.be elected there will be
very little business left of any kind at the end of a
year.
The New York Herald urges the selection of New
England waters for the course of the next race for the
America's cup, on the ground that the course off New
York is too crowded with excursion steamers and the
winds are unreliable. Judging by the experience of the
last match, the Herald's advice is good and it ought
to be followed.
Our courts are gradually making Eastern copora
tions understand that while we are willing to be good
fellows we object to being "good things." Another
Eastern monopoly has been ordered to pay taxes upon
its franchise to operate in this State.
A proposition to abolish, passes on railroads has
been met with a howl of indignant protest from those
most vitally concerned. What would the Southern
Pacific Company have done with the session of the
Legislature only a few months away?
Grover Cleveland says he must insist on being silent
in. reference to this distressing and exceptional cam
paign. No one can say now that Bryan has not at
least that much of Graver's sympathy which expresses
itself in the charity of silence.
The Oakland water rate suit has progressed more
than far enough to prove that there is mud to spare in
the affair, even if it is only that mud which clings to
Fred B. Engel, who has been touring the
¦world on pleasure bent,- Is at the Califor
nia on his way to his home in Dresden.
Germany. Engel has been hunting big
game during a three years' .sojourn in
various ; parts of the world. He speaks
enthusiastically; of lion shooting near
Mozambique, puma hunting in Brazil and
kangaroo shooting in Australia. Ha left
Ladysmith ten days before that place waa
beleaguered^ '
Signor Esquerda, Chilean Consul to
Yokohama, arrived on the Gaelic yester
day and Is a guest at the Palace. While
In Yokohama, Signor Esquerda made ar
rangements to ship large quantities of
guano to Japan from Chili. Special steam
ers will be chartered and the concessions
obtained by the concern which he repre
sents , are enormous.
K Sekldo, C. Uyemura and K. Tagl.
proprietors of a large brewery in Japan,
are at the California. . They are on their
way to Germany for the purpose of buy
ing the, latest and most, approved ma
chinery for making beer.
Major George Richards of the United
States Marine Corps, who participated in
the advance on Peking during the recent
Boxef uprising, Is at the Palace. Major
Richards is a son-in-law of ex-Congress
man Mills of Texas, and is on his way
to Join his wife in Washington, IX C.
F. W. Georgeson, a banker of Eureka, is
a guest at the Grand.
Captain M. Grapow of the Imperial
German Navy is at the Palace.
'\V H Frisby. head of an automobile
house in New York, Is at the Palace.
G. C. Bogue. a capitalist of New York, is
at the Palace, accompanied by his wife.
Douglas Gordon, a mining man of Lcn
don Is at the Occidental for a brief stay.
Barrett Eastman and J. G. Judson two
New York merchants, are registered at
the Palace..
Charles J. Devereaux. a capitalist of
Boston, is at the California in company
with his daughter. ? .
A Brizard.a merchant of Arcata, and O.
J. Woodward, a banker of Fresno, are late
arrivals at the Lick.
Dr F. Anderson. United States navy. Is
at the Occidental with his daughter, haV
ing Just returned from Manila.
H H. Blood, a Bakersfleld attorney, and
R B. Butler, a land-owner of Fresno, nre
among the arrivals at the Grand.
Dr R. Anema, a dentist of Batavia.
and J. Luymes. a lieutenant in the Dutch
navy, are guests at the Occidental.
Dr James B. Woodsi a medical mission
ary of Tslang. Kiang Pu. Chlna^ is at the
Occidental with his family. Though Dr.
Woods was far away ironv the scene or
the Boxer uprising, he left the country as
a measure of precaution.
PERSONAL MENTION.
Such expressions coming from Southern papers are
significant It is well known the South is rapidly de
veloping a diversified industry.' Her society is not
so subject to the "reckless imbecility of "arrant dem
agogues" as it was in the past. The need of 'labor
The Times says: "The secretary of the Convention
of the Commissioners of Agriculture for the Southern
States writes to the Atlanta Journal that six hundred
negroes have left Raleigh alone. The Observer of
Charlotte, N. C, while declaring that the negro as a
voter is a failure, says!, 'He has his uses as a farm la
borer, and there is no doubt that the farmers in some
sections of the State are sorely put to it for help to
pick their cotton crops. It is right to exclude these
people from the ballot, but it is suicidal to drive them,
by bad treatment, out of the State. 1 This seems to be
a confession that they have been badly treated, even
leaving the question of disfranchisement entirely out
of the discussion. The Raleigh Post warns the North
Carolina farmers that 'if this exodus keeps on,- these
landowners ~nd farmers will be in a worse condition
than they have been since the war, and will have no
one to thank for it save the arrant demagogues whose
reckless imbecility is only equaled by their unblushing
and selfish aspirations.' "
In the meantime there are signs that the question in
the South is about to enter a new phase. The more
energetic, industrious and ambitious negroes have
begun to emigrate from the States where they are
badly treated, and the effect upon the labor market
has already been felt. Thus we learn from a review of
the subject by the New York Times that the emigra
tion has given rise to considerable alarm among plant-*
ers and even in the cities.
That, of course, does not justify the action of the
Southern whites in violating the spirit of the consti
tution, defrauding a weak race of its rights and de
priving a certain class of American citizens of a priv
ilege they are entitled to enjoy. As Bishop Clinton
said: "It cannot fail to Jiave a bad effect to discrim
inate against the negro — first, because it bases citizen
ship upon color rather than on qualification of charac
ter; secondly, because it works an injustice upon peo
ple who have honored their right to citizenship in
every contest in which the nation's honor has been at
stake, whether on the field of battle or in obeying the
laws of the State and nation."
That is an excellent showing and gives 'reason for
the hopeful confidence of the country that the negro
race will rise superior to the obstacles in its way and
triumph over them. As a rule men and nations have
become strong solely because they had difficulties to
overcome. Every great race has had to make its way
to power by arduous battle and almost every individ
ual who^amounts to anything in life has had at some
period in his career to exert a strenuous force against
powerful opposition. Indeed, it is only by such con
tests that nations, races or individuals are made
strong.
"Despite these things, the negro is still making
progress along all substantial lines, especially in the
way of acquiring an education and accumulating prop
erty. As an example, our own church, the A. M. E.
Zion, operates seven educational institutions, one of
which owns fifty acres of land as a campus and build
ings valued at $125,000."
A NEW PHASE OF THE QUESTION.
T") ISHOP GEORGE W. CLINTON of the A. M.
\\ E. Zion Church, who is now in this city, has
* — brought from the Southern States a report
which, while it does not overlook the serious wrong
done to the negro race by the Democratic efforts to
nullify their citizenship, has in it much of good cheer.
After narrating what has been done to suppress negro
suffrage, the Bishop went on to say:
From every point of view the scheme is objection
able. It will benefit none but those who are appointed
to the new courts and thus provided with salaries at
the expense of the people and that class of people who
delight in litigation. The scheme is submitted to the
people under the title, "Senate constitutional amend
ment No. 22." .Bear it in mind and vote against it.
Even when all disputed questions concerning the
jurisdiction of the new courts have been settled, it is
probable the existence of the courts would lead to an
increase rather than a diminution of litigation. One
of the evils of our judicial procedure is the case with
which new trials can be obtained. Appeal follows ap
peal, and cases are tried over and over again even as
matters now stand, and the consequence is that ex
cessive litigation has become one of the most serious
evils of our law. Why provide machinery for abetting
and encouraging appeals? Why not so improve the
judiciary by the election of worthy Judges that th
decisions of the Superior Courts will be final in many
cases which are now carried to the Supreme Court
and ordered to be tried over again?
Whatever arguments may be advanced for tha
scheme are far outweighed by the objections to it. t
The creation of three additional courts will entail a
considerable increase in the cost of the State judiciary,
and the taxpayers will have to furnish the money.
The new courts will, furthermore, disorder the exist
ing judicial system, and for a time at least there will
be much confusion concerning the exact limits of
their authority. Every difference of opinion among
lawyers on that question will of course be taken to
the Supreme Court for decision, and consequently
that tribunal will have more instead of less work on
its hands.
HERE and there may be a taxpayer who will ob
ject to the designation of the proposed estab
lishment of three courts of appeal as a "tax
eaters' scheme," but the number will not be large.
The constitutional amendment providing for the crea
tion of such courts has been before the people a long
time, and very few persons have been heard to openly
advocate it. Some supporters it has, of course, or
it never would have been submitted to the people as
an issue to be voted upon, but their silence in regard
to it during the whole campaign is evidence that most
of them prefer to avoid discussion on it.
A TAX-EATERS' SCHEME.
. Business in this city continues satisfactory, and
probably as brisk as at any other point in the country.
The export trade of the port is making a fine record,
and the local demand for produce and merchandise
keeps up to its previous volume. Even the impending
election does not appear to depress trade as much as
csuaL Some farm products are quieting down, as they
always do after the bulk of the crop has been disposed
of, and when winter is at hand. The early rains have
been exceptionally beneficial, by starting the new
grass and the plows at the same time, and the farmers
generally are seizing the favorable opportunity thus
presented to get in their crops. Fluctuations in mer
chandise are average, and there is no general tendency
either up or down, each line advancing or declining on
its individual account Hence, while business is good,
it exhibits no particular feature calling for especial
comment
An interesting feature of the week was the an
nouncement that the gold in the Treasury Department
on Friday amounted to $451477,000, the largest stock
of gold in the world, and the largest ever held by this
Government. This in itself is.a pretty good campaign
document, at least among business men. A large
stock of gold means a large stock of prosperity, which
the country seems to have in abundance.
There was more doing in Wall street than for a
long time. A certain buying demand, which set in
at the close of the preceding week, gained force, and
with the advance of the week the public entered the
market, as indicated by the large puf chases of commis
sion houses. London also participated in the buying,
though Quietly. This new inquiry affected prices,
which developed more firmness in consequence.
The calling off of the coal strike was beneficial, not
enly to the immediate district affected but to the
country at large. Sales of wool continued better than
had been expected a few weeks ago, and the boot and
shoe and hide and leather trades continued active at
buoyant prices. Cotton ruled weak and disappointing.
There were no important changes in the iron and steel
trades, though it was announced that contracts for
steel rails thus far this year are within 50,000 tons of
last year's heavy bookings, and that the confidence in
the future is so ctrong that all raw materials are very
firm. The. wheat market continued depressed, though
there was a firmer feeling toward the latter part of the
week.
TRADE STEADY AND FEATURELESS.
r\ CCORDING to the country's bank clearings
f~\ trade last week was larger than for months, the
* * decrease from last year being only 2.8 per cent,
while some of the larger cities, which have hitherto
lost steadib', showed a gain. But there was no es
pecial activity in any line of merchandise, nor did any
section of the country report any marked increase in
distributive trade. The failures were 205, against 190
for the same week last year.
Mrs. "vThittler and her sister. Miss Car
roll, are visiting in New York.
Air. and Mrs. Brander (Gertie Forman)
are expected home shortly from their trip
to Nome. I understand that Gertie had
all sorts of interesting experiences In tha
new gold camp, not the least of which
was the difficulty to secure accommoda
tions. Frank Ames is, I believe, the hero
of the accommodation story. He up and
got and made place for Mrs. Brander.
There are other Interesting bits I might
mention, but I guess it Is best to wait
till Gertie gets home and let her tell It
herself In her own jolly way.
discussing any function or fashlonablo
gathering to ask, "What kind of gown dij
Mrs. Stetson wear?" I saw Mrs. J. E.
Stetson at a luncheon the other day
and she wore a magnificent gown
of spangled jet over a white silk.
The spangled robe waa In a medi
um striped pattern, and the conago
got a necessary touch of color with a
trimming of geld. A calling dress that
Mrs. Stetson la wearing and that is at
tracting unusual attention Is a magnificent
gown of green velvet. Not everybody can
wear a velvet gown. To look well In »uch
a royal robe requires a certain grace and
air. Mrs. Stetson has that air.
It has come to be the thing now when
Mrs. Whittell and her daughter are In
Paris and will spend the -winter in Italy.
Mr. and Mrs. A. Folger and their baby
son will be home early in January.
Mrs .Aldrich is in Paris, the gnest of
"Billy" Foote and his charming daughter,
who by the way, has earned the reputa
tion'of being one of the most beautiful
and charming of American girls that has
ever visited Paris.
Major and Mrs. John Darling are at the
Elysee Palace Hotel, avenue des Champs
Elysee. Paris. The Darlings enjoy the
same splendid popularity abroad that they
did here, and Mrs. Darling has given both
foreigners and visitors from California a
taste of that lavish hospitality for which
she is so justly famous. When the expo
sition is altogether a thing of the. past the
Darlings will go to Stuttgart, where they
will remain for three months, after which
they will leave for Cairo.
in the avenue Bols de Boulogne, Paris.
Recently they had as their guests Mrs.
Giselman and her son. Marshal GIselman.
and Mrs. C. F. Dio Hastings and daugh
ters. The Onatesias go shortly to their
place at Leamington for the hunting sea-
Fon. and then after Christmas will go to
Cairo.
Cito de Onatesia and his charming wife,
formerly Mrs. Jerome of this city, are en
tertaining extensively at their apartments
Five daughters of this golden West are
being educated in the most fashionable
of all French schools-^the Convent of the
Sacred Heart. The fortunate misses who
are receiving their Instruction from the
gentle sisters are the four daughters of
Mr. and Mrs. M. H. de Young and Miss
Jennie Lathrop. the niece of Mrs. Stan
ford. Miss Lathrop is to remain at the
convent while Mrs. Stanford is in Egypt,
which will probably be all winter.
• • •
Douglas Watson and his bride traveled
as fast as steam could take them. But
they were too late. When they got here
the bride's beautiful twin sister Eva
(Mrs. Breeden) had been laid away to
eternal rest. I i can't Imagine anything
sadder than Mai's racing half across the
world at her twin sister's call and then
to reach her too late. I have heard the
untimely taking off of beautiful Eva
Breeders was caused by a severe cold,
contracted many months ago on the golf
links.
Mr. and Mrs. Douglas Watson (Mai
lloody) are back again. It was a "come
home and be forgiven" return— a home
coming of much joy and much sorrow.
"Eva is very 111. Come home. Mother
loves and wants you."
That is the cablegram that told the
story and brought back the beautiful »
bride who some four months ago was
married from the Davis home out <>n
Scott street, at 7 o'clock in the morning.
* • . • .
Mr. and Mrs. Will Crocker are to be
home' shortly from their visit to the
Exposition Universelle. While in Paris
the Crockers occupied the elegant home
of Mrs. Tiffany, which they had leased.
Mrs. Crocker's latest fad is a most ar
tistic and expensive one— the collection
of old books and first editions. Her col
lection. Is already quite an extensive and
most creditable one. Mrs: Crocker has
not neglected any of the opportunities
a long purse and the great European
cities afforded and she has added in the
past few months many, rare editions jo
her collection.
¦ . •. ¦ . . .—1 _— ¦
I HE California, colony In Paris Is
r enjoying. Us choicest morsel In the
I discussing; of the approaching mar-
I < riagre of Roberta Nuttall and a Ger
¦ 'man Count whose distinguished
name, for "the. moment, I have : forgotten.
I , say "approaching marriage," yet for
all. I know Roberta n*8y be at this very
moment entitled - to wear the name <»f
her Count. My Information came to'mo
yesterday In a delightful Paris letter and
therein the interesting weddir.jr was re
ferred to as an "event of the near fu
ture." - V
According to . the knowing ones Miss
Nuttall is making the best foreign mar
riage ever made in Europe. The fortu
nate man Is gentleman in waiting to hi3
Majesty of Germany, and he is marrying
the California gtrl simply bccr.use he loves
her and she loves him.
But all this romance i3 not what is
causing, our little colony In the gay cap
ital to- gossip. It is the question of re
ligion—a question that came near keep
ing the loving hearts apart, and which
makes It imperative that the union be
solemnized in Er.jland.
Miss Nuttall Is a . Catholic, strong,
stanch and true. The Count is a Protest
ant nnd every bit as faithful to his cree-1
as 1b the ' lady of his choice. Oerrsany
will not. sanction- the union of the op
posing creeds and so England must of
necessity be ma*de the refuge of the lov
ing anxious hearts. Such a union as this
means that the offspring that may re
sult from such a marriage must be reared
in the Protestant faith. Fancy a grand
child, of Mrs. Parrott a Protestant. That
is why the Kossips are talking. Mr. artd
Mrs. * J. - R. K. Xuttall are at present In
Paris. They, of course, will remain
abroad to be present at the wedding of
their sister. x
.From California there should go a solid Republi
can" delegation. Every district in the State should be
represented by a man who will be in favor of progress
,and prosperity, whose vote will be determined by con
structive statesmanship and not by a mere fanatical
opposition. The constituency that elects a Democrat
this year will be false to the interests of California and
neglectful of its own good.
The people of the Pacific Coast, and particularly
those of California, are going to have many great in
terests at stake in the developments that are to take
place during the coming two years. The trade of the
Orient is going to be full of wonderful possibilities for
this city and this State. Rival nations, however, are
eager to seize. upon every advantage that may be of
fered them in that part of the world. As a consequence
we shall have need of Government aid, diplomacy and
wise legislation to assist our merchants and manufac
turers in getting a rightful share of the rich markets
that are to be opened and developed there. How can
we obtain that if we send to Congress men who have
no other aim in politics than that of hampering the
Republican administration?
It is to be borne in mind the Democratic party has
now become something like a settled and organized
opposition to all progress. It has no policy of it*
own. A Democratic Representative could do nothing
for his constituents, even should he desire to do so,
and even should his party control the House, for the
party is hopelessly confused. Democratic candidates
in the East are almost without exception gold men,
who are opposed to expansion; in the South they are
expansionists who are opposed to gold; in the West
they are a little of all sorts and much of nothing. What
can be expected of a party so divided on every im
portant issue of the time?
progress and Governmental harmony.
.Should there be a Democratic majority in the
House of Representatives the progress of the country
will be blocked for two years. The legislation needed
to provide for the settlement of such financial issues as
remain, the wise adjustment of the fiscal system by
revision of the war revenue bill, the administration of
the Philippines, the upbuilding of an American mer
chant marine, the, construction of the Nicaragua'cana!
and a host of other important measures that cannot be
fully dealt with during the short term that remains of
the present Congress would be impeded, .if not alto
gether blocked, by a Democratic House. It would
mean two years of comparative stagnation and friction
in the Government instead of two years of continuous
THE CONGRESSIONAL ELECTIONS.
DURING the closing week of the campaign the
attention of Republicans should be directed to
the fight in the Congressional districts. The
Presidential contest is virtually over. A few Bryanite
roorbacks started at this time may have the effect of
disturbing the minds of those, who are easily influ
enced by every passing noise, but they cannot save
the situation. Bryan is beaten. It is by no means
certain, however, that the Republican's will obtain con
trol of the House of Representatives. That is the one
danger point of the contest and in every district Re
publicans should make a united and vigorous effort
this week to make sure of victory for the Congres
sional candidate. '
BY SALLY SHARP- —
Bryan has cut so many fantastic tricks in this cam
paign that this additional one will probably not have
much effect upon the minds of the people. Neverthe
less, men who have respect for the decencies of poli
tics, and the requirements which the dignity of the
high office of President of the United States imposes
upon every man who aspires to it, will note with a
deepening disgust this new evidence of the rapid de
scent of Bryan into the lowest depths of demagogy.
Fortunately the end is near at hand. We shall be done
with Bryan next Tuesday.
The Call is doing no injustice to Bryan in making
that statement. The report of his Madison-square
Garden speech, on Saturday night, as given by his
organ in this city, quotes him as saying on the subject
of trusts: "Mr. Hanna thrusts the question aside by
saying there are no trusts; and the National Commit
tee to-day is circulating a book written by Mr. Weeks
in defense of the trusts, to show that the trust is a
blessing and is here to stay. And last night, at the
banquet given to the Republican candidate for Vic'e
President, Senator Scott, who is vice chairman
of the Republican National Committee, and who
is in charge of the Eastern branch of Republican
headquarters, made a speech, in which he said: 'I
believe in trusts; they are a good thing. If it were no:
for the Standard Oil Company this prosperity we have
would not be here to-day.' "
Had the circulation of that story been confined to
the yellow organs it would not have merited notice,
but it has been taken up by Bryan himself, and the
country is thus presented with the strange spectacle of
a Presidential candidate making himself responsible
in a public speech for the circulation of a campaign lie.
"I did not say anything that could be construed to
mean what is implied in the published report. I did
not say anything resembling what I am reported as
saying. We were at .1, private dinner and no speeches
were made."
Such was the yarn published by the Bryanite organ
in New York on Saturday morning and telegraphed
all over the country to other Bryanite organs. Now,
see how simple a statement is needed to refute the
whole thing. Senator Scott, when interviewed on the
subject the morning the report appeared, said:
The launching of the canard has been accompanied
by all kinds of sulphurous yellow lights and tom-tom
thunder. We are told that when the Republican ban
queters realized the significance of the speech they
were panic-stricken; that they threatened the reporter
present with all kinds of terrible things if he reported
the words; that they bulldozed him into giving up his
"copj'," and that strong influences were set to work
to have the story suppressed by the Associated Press.
The most notable of the canards of the year was
launched from New York on Saturday morning in the
announcement that Senator Scott of the Republican
National Committee had made a speech at a banquet
to Roosevelt on Friday evening, and in the course of
it had said: "I believe in trusts; they are a goo-i
thing. * ? * If it were not for the Standard Oil
Company this prosperity that we. have: would not be
here to-day."
QUT of a long experience the American people
have learned to expect in the closing weeks of
a Presidential campaign the appearance of a
considerable number of canards from the Democratic
camps. These expectations have never been disap
pointed. This campaign is to be no exception to the
rule. The canard has made its appearance and the
sound of the roorback has been heard in the land.
A CANARD KILLED.
SOCIETY: JOYS OF SWELL SET
ABROAD AND AT HOME
will soon teach respecf^for the laborer, and it is prob
able the full extent f of {wHite wrongs to negroes has
now been reached, and from this time forward the
movement for the'race'wiH be upward and onward.' .
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, OCTOBEK a»y ivvv. • -
• *
• •
6
ORADES.
1304. I 1390.
Flair officers......................
Captains ~~....~.. ......
Commanders
Lieutenant commanders.........
Lieutenants
Lieutenants, Junior graio. ......
Ensigns _.
Cadets , ~~. n
ESRinaer officers...... ,
MedicaJ officers ' T~i j~' -; i . i
Paymasters i . -in'
Rank and fll»
19 S3
W 103
131 134
Z34 435
383 «47
274 823
304
149
ISO 437
HI ***-
137 234
25.039 54.9S0
SI 1IS M 1K9
Total ,.~. -....i
ORADES.
1304. I 1390.
Flair officers......................
Captains ~~....~.. ......
Commanders
Lieutenant commanders.........
Lieutenants
Lieutenants, Junior graio. ......
Ensigns _.
Cadets , ~~. n
ESRinaer officers...... ,
MedicaJ officers ' T~i j~' -; i . i
Paymasters i . -in'
Rank and fll»
19 S3
W 103
131 134
Z34 435
383 «47
274 823
304
149
ISO 437
HI ***-
137 234
25.039 54.9S0
SI 1IS M 1K9
Total ,.~. -....i
AMUSEMENTS.
TiToli— "Aida."
Alhatnbra— "King of the Opium Ring-."
Callfom!*— Piano Recital.' Wednesday, October tL
Orrr^um— Vaudeville.
Grand Opera-house — "Secret Service."
Grand Opera -hout— — Maurice Grau Opera Company. Mon-
dy ever.lne, November IS.
Alcazar— "Northern Lights."
Columbia— "Oliver Goldsmith."
Olytnpia. corner Mason and Eddy rtreetJ Ov>ao1alt1—
Chute*. Zoo and Theater— Vaudeville every afternoon and
ercnlnr.
Fischer" •— Vaudeville.
Sherrr-an-Clay Hall— Piano Recital. Thursday nlsnt, No-
betnber 1.
t«utro Rathe — Open nights.
AUCTION SALES.
By Palo Alto Stables— Tuesday, October SO. at 11 o'clock.
Jiorees. at 210 O'Farrell street.
AJDVEBTISEMSirxa.
THE FAT IN
the food supplies warmth
and strength ; without it the
digestion, the musdes, the
nerves and the brain are
weak, and general debility
follows. But fat is hard to di-
gest and is disliked by many.
supplies the fat in a form
pleasant to take and easy
to digest. It strengthens the
nerves and muscles, invig-
orates mind and body, and
builds up the entire system.
• > Socandfi.oa,alldr«rrlMs.. • «
SCOTT & BOWNE. ChemUu. New York.'Sun, Moon and Tide.
United States Coast and Geodetic Survey—
Times and Heights of High and : Low
Waters at Fort Point, entrance to San
MONDAY. OCTOBER 29.
NOTE— la the above exposition of the tides
tb» early morning tides are given In the left
hand column and the successive tides of the
day in the order of occurrence aa to time of
day. the third time column the third tide and
the last or right hand column gives the last
tide of the day. except when there are but
three tides, as sometimes occurs. The heights
elven are In addition to the sounding on the
United States Coast Survey charts, except
when a minus sign (— > precedes the height, and
then the number given is subtracted from the
depth given by the charts. The plane of refer
ence Is the mean of the lower low waters.
ARRIVED.
6unday, October 2J.
Btmr Pomona. 6besu 17 hours from Eureka.
Ftmr Bonita, Nlcolson. "6 hours from, New
port and way t>orta.
Ftrcr Whiteeboro, Olsen. IS hours frm Green
wood. , ' r
Ftmr Newbnrr. Peterson. El hoar* from Ban
Pedro.
Stmr Geo Loomta. Bridrett. 40 hours from
Fgn Pedro.
Ut «mr Gaelic. Finch. SI dars 4 hours from
HongkoTK. via Yokohama W days 6 hrs and 35
minuiw. via Honolulu 6 day* 22 houn and 45
minutes.
Schr Mary C. Campbell. S hours fm Bodega.
Schr Gotama. Semeen, 13 days from.WlUapn
SAILED.
Sunday. October 2S.
Btmr Eureka. Jessen, Eureka.
ttmr Corona. Gielow, Ban Dieco-
Etmr City of Puebla. Jepeen. Vlctorla.
G*r etmr Verona, Hanscen, TrlnKton.
Kchr James A Garfleld. L«wls, Grays Harbor.
fichr Corinthian. Korth. Ivenens Landing.
Behr Ban Buenaventura. Holmberg, Gray*
Harbor.
TELEGRAPHIC
PODCT LOr.OS— Ort S8. 10 p m— Weather
clear; wind w««; velocity 16 mile*.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
HONOLULU— Arrived Oct 15— IT S etmr Jus
tin, hence Oct I. 18— FY bark Roaeuet. from
Nantes for Oreron: bark Amy Turner, from
HUo. 17— Br Etmr Coptic, hence Oct W. 1*—
Shipping Intelligence.
THE Occidental and Oriental Steam
ship Company's Gaelic arrived
from the Orient yesterday. She
waa a day late, but then the old
timer is not what she was twenty
ypar.s ago. Moderate to fresh east to
northeast pal^s. with rough head sea«,
were encountered throughout the voyage.
The Gaelic stopped at Honolulu but did
j.ot bring any passengers from that point.
O. Saito of Yokohama was' landed there.
The Gaelic brought over 157 Chinese and
*hree Jai»anese in the steerage, and the
Jollowing cabin passengers: . »•;
Dr. Frank Anderson, V. B. N.: Dr. R. Ane
";b. John A. Has*. George C. Bogue, A. Bus
rtoel, Or. T. P. Crawford. Mie« Ellen E. Dress
er, Mrs. J. A. Fitch and two children. Rev.
.T. R. Irwln. Dr. John D. Jones, E. M. LJghtner,
Lieutenant J. Luymep, the Rev. F. H. Morgan;
Major Georpe Richards. U. S. M. C.; X. 8eki
do. Dr. J. B. Woods. K. Yagrt. Mis» Anderson,
X. A. Bennett, Mrs. John A. Bass and child.
Mrs. Georre C. Bocue. Mrs. A. Buschel and
child. Mr». T. P Crawford. E EageU I>ui« Iz
oulerdo, Mr«. J. R. Irwin and three children,
J. C. Judson. H. V. Lltt, P. C Potts. Mrs. F.
IL Morean and two children, Charle« Schles
f-ir err. C. Uyemnr* and Mrs. J. B. Woods and
four children.
Dr. John D. Jones has been several
yoars in Japan, teaching the Japanese
how to erow tobacco and vegetables. He
has introduced majiy new ideas as to the
maturing of tobacco and the growing of
vegetables and In a year or bo the king
dom of the Mikado will be a strong com
petitor in the tobacco trade with Cuba
and the Philippines.
The passengers on the Gaelic were land
ed about 10 a. m., while the vessel was
not released from quarantine and (locked
until 2 p. m. _
SOUTHAMPTON - Sailed Oct 28 - Btmr
Deutschland. from Hamburg for New Tork.
NEW YORK— Arrived Oct 29— Stmr Purnes-
Eia, from Glasgow. .,
TO ARRIVE.
Steamer Movements.
MOVILLE— Sailed Oct 28-Stmr Tunisian, fm
Ltverrx>ol for Montreal.
„ HAVRE— Sailed Oct 2S— Stmr La Touralne.
for New York.
Sailed Oct 2S-Stmr Laurentlan. for Moville
and Glasgow; gtmr Astoria, for Moville and
Gla«(row; etmr Mesaba. for London
QUEENSTOWN— Arrived Oct 28— Stmr Lake
Champlain. from Montreal for Glasgow.
Sailed Oct 2S-Stmr Etruna, from Liverpool
for New York.
ANTWERP— Arrived Oct 28— Stmr Western
land, from New York.
YOKOHAMA— Arrived prior to Oct 27— Stmr
City of Rio de Janeiro, from Ean Franclscl.
via Honolulu, for Nagasaki, Shanghai and
Hongkong. . •
NEW YPRK— Arrived Oct 28— Stmr Menomi
nee. from London: stmr Ilecla. from Copenha
ren and ChriFttanIa; stmr Vincezo Florio, fm
Genoa and Naples.
OCEAN STEAMERS.
TOKOHAMA-Sailed Oct 8-Br ship Rtth
down. for San Francisco.
FOREIGN PORTS.
PORT TOWNSEND-Paased in Oct 2S— Stmr
Signal, from Nome; Btmr Dolphin, fm Alaska.
Arrix-ed Oct »-Br etmr Buckingham, froir.
Victoria.
«- FO 5£. BRAGG— Sailed Oct 2S— Stmr Noyo. for
San FranrUco.
FORT KOSS— Sailed Oct 23— Schr Mary C.
for San Francisco.
BANDON-Salled Oct *8-Schr Conflanza. for
San Francisco.
PORT I/5S ANGELES— Arrived Oct 28— Stmr
San Mateo. from Nanalmo.
Sailed Oct 13— Bark Abby Palmer, for Port
Townsend. 1j— Ship Challenger, for Tort Towns
end. 16— Bktn Skanlt. for Port Gamble; U S
stmr Juftln, for Guam. 17-Kchr Rosamond,
for San Francisco; l',r Ptmr Contlc. for Yoko
hama: bark Olympic, for San FTanrisoo.
Ill LO— Arrived Oct IS— Strar Zealandla. hence
Oct II.
SAN PEDRO-Arrivod Oct 27-Stmr Westport.
from Eureka; schr Philippine, from Grays Har
bor; stmr Rainier, from Whatcom.
Sailed Oct 27— Stmr Santa Barbara, fcr San
Francisco.
Ship Chas R Moody, from Taconja. 20— Bark
Helen Brewer, from New York.
Acapuleo iNew York.. Nov. 1
Zealandla Honolulu Nov. 2
Rainier San Pedro Nov. 2
Corona San Dle*ro Nov. 3
Hongk'n* Maru|ChIna and Japan |Nov. 3
to sail. W'-: : ~
THE OVERDUE STEAMER GAELIC GETS INTO PORT
Francisco Bay. Published by official au
thority of the Superintendent.
NOTE— The high and low waters occur at the
city front (Mission-street wharf) about twenty
flve minutes later than at Fort Point; th«
height of tide Is the same at both places.
It has just been discovered that horse
chestnut shells can be made Into good
pipes. - They can at least contend in point
At a recent voting: contest it was unanimous
ly decided that there waa nothing better on
earth than the "American" clear Havana clsar."
Cameras and Photographic Supplies.
Cameras, photographic supplies, books
on photography and books for unmoutned
photographs. Printing -and developing
done in the latest styles. Sanborn, Vail
& Co., 741 Market street. *
Kahn and local c&ndidates. under the auspices
of the Bear Club, at B'nai B'rith Hall Eddy
street, near Taylor. Julius Kahn. Maxwell Mc-
Xutt. A. J. Dannenbaum and local candidates,
under the aufpices of the Swedish Republican
Club, at Pythian . Castle, Market street, be
tween Fifth and Sixth.
In addition to the above meetings will
be held during the week in each Assembly
District.
Senator George C. Perkins will speak on
the following nierhts at the places named:
Thursday. Stockton; Saturday, Eallnas;
Monday, Vallejo.
Governor Henry T. Gage will address a
meeting at Eureka Wednesday.
Frank L. Coombs is scheduled for the
following meetings: Monday. Petaluma;
Tuesday, Sausalito; Wednesday. Tomalts;
Thursday, Calistoga: Friday, St. Helena:
Saturday, Sonoma: Monday, November 5,
Yountville and Napa.
Samuel I>. Woods has the following
dates on his list: Tuesday, Coif ax;
Wednesday, Truckee; Thursday. Dutch
Flat; Friday, Nevada City; Saturday,
Grass Valley; Monday, November 5,
Stockton.
Victor H. Metcalf will address the fol
lowing meetings: Monday. Centerville;
Tuesday. Hayward?: Wednesday, Ala
meda: Thursday. Berkeley; Friday, San
Leandro; Saturday. Alvarado; Monday.
November 5, West Berkelev.
Julius Kahn will speak at meetings
every night In the Fourth Congressional
District.
Eugene F. Loud is scheduled for these
meetings: Monday. San Jose, with Samuel
M. Shortridge; Wednesday. Mayfleld;
Thursday, San Francisco; Friday, San
Jose: Saturday. Redwood City, with Tlrey
L. Ford; Monday, November 5, Thirty
fifth District. San Francisco.
J. C. Keedham has these meetings:
Monday, San Juan; Tuesday, Hollister;
JOH>T J. HOURIGAN* Is the Republican nomine© for the Assembly In the
Thirty-first District. He was born in San Francisco In 1S61 and received
his education in the public schools of the city. He has lived nearly all
his life in the district which he seeks to represent in the Legislature.
His neighbors and acquaintances speak of him in terms of respect. He is
known to be honest and Industrious. At the age of 14 he began - ark in a
marble yard to support himself and has followed the oceuuatlon of marble
worker ever since. He is Justly known as one of the stanchest friends of or
panized la.bor and his sen-ices have been appreciated by the laoor unions.
He poFs^sses the ability and industry to accomplish something fgr the
cause of labir in the Assembly. The bosses have no strings on Mr. Hourl
pan. He is known in the district as an independent anti-boss man and
should receive the support of property owners and voters genera.iy. He is
indorse by the Citizens' Republican party.
John D. Sullivan is the Democratic nominee for the Assembly in the
Thirty-first District. He stands well in the estimation of Phelan and Fay. In
1=35 the district was won by the Democrats by a plurality of 55. Indications
are that the Reoublican nominee will w"n In this campaign.
The Thirty-first Assembly District comprises all that portion of the city
hounded as follows: Commencing at Market and Seventh streets, continuing
thence along the following named streets: Market to Eleventh. Eleventh to
the intersection of Channel and x-ryant, Bryant to Seventh, Seventh to Mar
ket, the place of beginning.
THE last week of the campaign will
be the busiest one with the Re
publican stump speakers. All over
the State meetings will be held, ad
dr«^sed by candidates and orators.
Ff nt out by th<? State Central Committee,
who are all scheduled for every night of
the week.
John Barrett, who was Minister to Slarn
under the Cleveland administration, will
speak to-night at the rally at Metro
politan Tomple. His addresses In South
ern California and in the East have given
Mm a prominent place among the politi
tal «p«=-akers of the country.
Other San Francisco meetings for the
week are as follows:
To-n:gtt— California Ha.'.]. Bush street, near
¦Powell, under auspices of Afro-American
Ijp«pie. Julius Kahn. H. S. Foote, Thomas
l'earson and local candidates.
Tuesday— Colonel H. I. Kcm*a2sky at Metro
. r">litan Temple.
Wednesday— Tirey L. Ford and four "first
voters,** under the auspice* of the First Voters*
McKinley and Hr>osevelt Club, at Odd Kellows'
Hall. Market and Seventh streets.
Thursday— George A. Kr.icht. E. F. Loud.
Julius Kahn and I"cal candidates, under the
f-uspic** of the Continental League, at Saratoga
Hall. CofLry Ftreet. between Hyde and I^arkin.
Fsmuel M. Shortrid^e, Julius Ka.hn. K. F". Loud
tnd lr>cal candidates at Franklin Hall, Flllmore
F'reet. near Bush.
Friday— Metropolitan Temple, under the aus
pice* of the Republican c'.ubs of the University
of California and Stanford University. Ad
«1r*i««.es by three students of the University of
California end three Ftudents of Stanford Uni
versity and General W. H. L. Barnes. Thomas
B. Pezier. the brilliant Democratic orator from
tlie north. George A. Knight fcnd local candi
dates, under th* aurpice* of the Phoenix Club
at Scottish Hall. Larkln street, near Grove.
Famuei M. Shortrtdge. E. Myron Wolf, Julius
R. Davis; Thursday. Edgewood; Friday. Yreka:
Saturday. Ktna.
H S. Foote— Tuesday. Winters: Thursday,
Oakdale* Friday, Newman; Saturday, Tulare.
W A ' Beatty— Thursday. Dos Palos; Friday.
Le Grand: Saturday. Snelllng: Monday, Novem
ber 5. Los Banos.
John L McNab— Saturday. Duncans Mills;
Monday, November 6, Santa Rosa with H. G.
J. M. Oliver— Monday, Byron: Tuesday. Black
Diamond: Wednesday. Clayton; Thursday and
Friday other points in Contra Costa County:
Monday, November 6, Cordelia.
John H. Roberts — Tuesday. CouUerville:
Wednesday. Marlposa; Thursday, Hornltoe;
Saturday. Gllroy. -• '¦ ¦ _•• ' .
W. H. L Hynes— Tuesday. Arbuckle: Wednes
day, Williams: Thursday. Stony Ford; Friday.
Maxwell: Saturday. San Francisco.
B S. Salomon— Saturday. Yountvllle.
Thomas Butts and A. J. Bledsoe— Monday.
Caspar: Tuesday. Fort' Brturg: Wednesday.
Usal: Thursday. Rockport: Friday. Westport;
Saturday. Covelo; Monday, November 6, Hop-
William Hanen and F. J. Murphv— Monday.
Kopland; Tuesday, Potter Valley: Wednesday.
WHUts; Thursday, Laytonville; Saturday, Co
velo. '
ALEXANDER CAMPBELL- JR. Is the Republican nominee fo* the As
sembly in the Forty-fourth district. He Is also the candidate of the
Citizens' Republican party. Mr. Campbell is 44 years of age and was
born in the section where he now lives. He is a graduate of the Santa
Clara College and of the Albany (N. Y.) Law School. Mr. Campbell Is a
lawyer of experience and ability. He served efficiently as Assistant Dis
trict Attorney of San Francisco under two administrations. He is known
as an anti-boss Republican, who will not take orders from Crlmmlhs and
Kelly. He has lived in the district so long that he Is familiar with the senti
ments of the people, and being a man of intelligence and education . would
command Influence in the Legislature. Mr. Campbell deserves the support
of the citizens of the district. M. H. Barry, Republican, won the district In
1898 by a majority of 151. . .
The Democratic nominee for Assemblyman in the Forty-fourth is A. A.
Cavagnaro. He is 31 years of age, a Native Son and member of Stanford
Parlor. He graduated at the College of Pharmacy, University of California,
in 1892. He Is president of the St. George Vineyard, Fresno, and of the Pa
cific Drug Company, San Francisco. He received his nomination for the As
sembly from the Phelan-Fay convention.
The Forty-fourth Assembly District Comprises all that portion of San
Francisco bounded as follows: Commencing where Keainv street inter
sects the bay and continuing thence along the following named" streets:
Kearny to Broadway, Broadway to Leavenworth, Leavenworth to the bay
and thence along the 'shore to the place of beginning.
John J. Hourigan Is "Worthy
of the Voters' Support.
Wednesday, Knights Ferry; Thursday,
Oakdale; Friday. Newman; Saturday,
Fresno; Monday, November 5. Modesto.
Other speakers are billed as follows:
Samuel M. Shortridge— Monday, San Jose*
Tuesday. Marysvllle; Wednesday, Merced-
Thursday and Friday. San Francisco.
William H. Davis— Tuesday. Jackson: Friday.
San Leandro; Saturday, Oakland and San Fran
cisco.
Horace G. Platt— Wednesday, Sacramento;
Saturday. San Francisco; Monday, November
5, Santa Rora.
John Barrett— Oakland to-morrow night and
at Santa Rona Wednesday night.
D. E. McKlnlay— Monday, Fallbrook; Tues
day. Eseondido: Wednesday. Ramona: Thurs
day. Julian; Friday. Otay; Saturday, San
Diego.
Oeorge A. Knight— Watsonville Tuesday night
and district meetings in San Francisco Thurs
day, Friday and Saturday nights.
John A. Barham— San Mateo Thursday night
and at Fresno Saturday -with J. C. Needham.
Will A. Harris— Wednesday at Modesto and
the remainder of the week hi Los Angeles
County.
Frank McGowan— Thursday, Sulsun; Friday
San Jose with E. F. Loud.
Irving M. Scott— Friday, lone; Saturday, But
ter Creek.
John F. Davis — Tuesday, Murphys; Wednes
day, Angels; Thursday, Milton; Monday, No
vember 5. Jackson.
T. B." Dozler— Monday, . Weaverville; Thurs
day. Davlsville: Friday. San Francisco.
B. Myron Wolf — Wednesday, May field; re
mainder of week in San Francisco.
C. W. Kyle — Tuesday, Dinuba: Wednesday,
Exeter: Thursday. Portervllle; Friday, Wood
vllle: Saturday, Tipton; Monday. November 5.
Hanford.
C. F. Lacey — Monday, Arroyo Grande; Tues
day, Cambria; Wednesday. Morro: Thursday.
San Luis Oblspo; Friday, Paso Robles.
L. V. Hitchcock— Monday, Foresthlll; Tues
day, Iowa Hill: Friday. Orland; Saturday,
Willows.
John T. Dare — Monday. Drytown; Tuesday.
Plymouth: Wednesday. Amador City.
Tlrey L. Ford — Wednesday, San . Francisco;
Thursday. Vallejo; Friday, Dixon; Saturday,
Redwood City.
T. B. Hutchlnson— Monday, Yountvllle: Tues
day, Napa; Saturday, Colusa; Monday, Novem
ber 5. Red Bluff.
A. P. Van Duzer — Tuesday, Jackson with W.
William J. Bryan will have an
opportunity to talk after the elec
tion If he shall decide to accept
a challenge to a debate on
"Trusts." John M. Reynolds, sec
retary of the State Executive
Committee of the Social Demo
cratic party. Is authority for the
statement that the following let
ter has been addressed to Mr.
Bryan:
OPEN LETTER.
LOS ANGELES, Oct. 27. 1900.
W. J. Bryan Esq., Lincoln, Nebr.
—Dear Sir; In a few short days
you will be again a defeated can
didate and presumably have some
time at your disposal to devote to
your private interests. I under-,
stand that in your regular profes
sion a* a lawyer you will argue
a case for me If the fee is. satisfac
tory. I am willing to pay you one
Wiousand dollars ($1000) retaining
fee for two hours work and will
also "give another thousand (11600)
contingent on your success. You
are to debate with me on "Trusts."
You are to prove the remedy lies
In "destruction," while I will take
the stand that the only remedy Is
"public ownership"— otherwise, So
cialism. You can make your own
terms for this debate. I will meet
you In any city In America and
will pay all the expenses.
Now, Mr. Bryan, if you are a
.poor man and wish to earn two
thousand dollars ($2000) for two
hours' work you cannot ignore thib
offer. If you are a man of honor
and courage you cannot honorably
refuse to meet me and let the pub
lfc know .the strength of your
economic position. As to my
financial responsibility I refer you
to Bradstreet's or to any bank in
Los Angeles. This offer will be
open for acceptance any time
within one year from date.
H. GAYLORD WILSHIRE.
Social Democratic Candidate for
Congress, Sixth District, Cali
fornia.
CHALLENGES BRYAN
TO JOINT DEBATE
ON THE TRUSTS
CANDIDATES FOR ASSEMBLY
IN FORTY-FOURTH DISTRICT
Last Week of Contest Will Be Crowded With Meetings in San
¦ Francisco and Throughout the Interior of the State. ¦-';
CANDIDATES FOR ASSEMBLY
IN THIRTY-FIRST DISTRICT
Alexander Campbell Jr. Is
Worthy of Voters' Support.
REPUBLICANS TO END THE CAMPAIGN
WITH HUNDREDS OF ROUSING RALLIES
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, OCTOBER 29, 1900.
of sweetness and purity with some of the
cheap alleged briar wood pipes the human
family Is struggling with every day In the
year.
7
Steamer.
From.
Due.
Welltnicton ....
Mlneola
Walla Walla...
W. H. Krugrcr..
CoqullJe River..
Kobt. Adamson
Cleone :
Empire
Arcata
Progrreso
Chaa. . D. Lane.'
Santa Barbara.
Czarina ........
Alliance
Curacao
Santa Rosa
Willamette
Tellus
I aqua
Crescent City...
Eureka
Columbia ......
Tltanla .'..
Point Arena...
Coo* Bar
Orstcr Harbor
Tacorna
Victoria
Gray* Harbor
Grays Harbor
Kanalmo
Tillamook
Coos Bay "
Coos Bay [
Tacotna
Seattle *""
San Pedro
Seattle """
Portland •......*."
Mexico....
8an Diego.
Seattle ""
OysW Harbor ]'"
Eureka
Cre»c«nt City *"
Humboldt
Portland
Nanaimo
Point Arena
Nc *T>°rt ,...^...
Oct. 29
Oct. a
Oct. »
Oct. 23
Oct. 29
Oct. 29
Oct. 23
Oct. 29
Oct. 29
Oct. £»
Oct. 29
Oct. 29
Oct. 30
Oct. 80
Oct. 80
Oct. 30
Oct. so
Oct. SO
Oct. 31
Oct. SI
Oct. 81
Nor. 1
Nov. * 1
Nov. * 1
Nori 1
Bteamer.
Destination.
SalU.
I Pier.
Colon New York
Pt. Arena.. IPolnt Arena..
Pomona ... Humboldt
Ne-wbur* . . Grays Harbor
O W Elder. Portland
Bonlta Newport
N«wbur* .. Grays Harbor
Alumna .. Australia
W. Krusrer.lGrays Harbor
North Fork'Humboldt
Arcata ....ICoos Bay
Empire ....(Coos Bay
Santa Rosa|San Diego... ..l<
Australia .ITahltl
Alliance ... Portland......
Walla "W.-IVIctorta
Rainier ... Seattle..
Czarina ... Seattle
Eureka .... HumboWt
Gaelic ChlnaA Japan
Berg-enhus . Chlna& Japan I
Coos Bay.. Newport |:
Oct. », 12 m
Oct. 29, 2 pm
Oct. 30, 2 pm
Oct. 30, S pm
Oct. 80, 11 am
Oct. SO, • am
Oct. SO, Um
Oct. 81. 9 pml
Oct. 81, 5 pml
Oct. 31. 9 am
Oct. 81, 12 m
Oct. 31, 4 pm
Nov. 1, 11 am
Nov. 1, 6 pm
Nov. 1
Nor. 2, 11 am
Nov. t. .
Nov. i, 10 am
Nov. 2, 9 am
Nov. S, l pm
Nov. 3, 10 am
Nov. 3, 9 am
PHSS
Pier J
Pier 9
Pier 13
Pier 24
Pier 11
Pier 13
iPler T
IPler 2
Pier 2
Pier 10
Pier 13
Pier 11
Pier 7
Pier 20
Pier »
Pier 8
Pier J
PMSS
iPi-r 27
IPler 11
!un seta .
loon sets
t>:.i.
...5:li
10:07 p. m.
7
Time
a w
Tim* Time
Ft. Ft.
Z« W H W
4.5 8:59 "il 2:S0
4.7 10:20 3.2 8:45
4.9 11:36 2.7 5:12
6.2 12:42 2.1 6:3S
H W X, W
1.1 7:30 5.4 1:40
1.4 8:10 5.7 2:28
1.7 8:50 , (.0 3:13
Tim*
Ft. Ft.
Xi W
"71 J:43~ol
4.7 10:45 O.S
4.5 11:42 O.S
4.B
H W
1.4 7:60 4.S
0.7 9:00 4.8
0.0 10:00 4.8
«... 4:27
U> ... 6:16
II ... «:03
1 ... 6:47
2 ... 0:40
t ... 1:33
4... I 2:20
!un seta .
loon sets
t>:.i.
...5:li
10:07 p. m.
7
Time
a w
Tim* Time
Ft. Ft.
Z« W H W
4.5 8:59 "il 2:S0
4.7 10:20 3.2 8:45
4.9 11:36 2.7 5:12
6.2 12:42 2.1 6:3S
H W X, W
1.1 7:30 5.4 1:40
1.4 8:10 5.7 2:28
1.7 8:50 , (.0 3:13
Tim*
Ft. Ft.
Xi W
"71 J:43~ol
4.7 10:45 O.S
4.5 11:42 O.S
4.B
H W
1.4 7:60 4.S
0.7 9:00 4.8
0.0 10:00 4.8
«... 4:27
U> ... 6:16
II ... «:03
1 ... 6:47
2 ... 0:40
t ... 1:33
4... I 2:20
Steamer.
From.
Due.
Welltnicton ....
Mlneola
Walla Walla...
W. H. Krugrcr..
CoqullJe River..
Kobt. Adamson
Cleone :
Empire
Arcata
Progrreso
Chaa. . D. Lane.'
Santa Barbara.
Czarina ........
Alliance
Curacao
Santa Rosa
Willamette
Tellus
I aqua
Crescent City...
Eureka
Columbia ......
Tltanla .'..
Point Arena...
Coo* Bar
Orstcr Harbor
Tacorna
Victoria
Gray* Harbor
Grays Harbor
Kanalmo
Tillamook
Coos Bay "
Coos Bay [
Tacotna
Seattle *""
San Pedro
Seattle """
Portland •......*."
Mexico....
8an Diego.
Seattle ""
OysW Harbor ]'"
Eureka
Cre»c«nt City *"
Humboldt
Portland
Nanaimo
Point Arena
Nc *T>°rt ,...^...
Oct. 29
Oct. a
Oct. »
Oct. 23
Oct. 29
Oct. 29
Oct. 23
Oct. 29
Oct. 29
Oct. £»
Oct. 29
Oct. 29
Oct. 30
Oct. 80
Oct. 80
Oct. 30
Oct. so
Oct. SO
Oct. 31
Oct. SI
Oct. 81
Nor. 1
Nov. * 1
Nov. * 1
Nori 1
Bteamer.
Destination.
SalU.
I Pier.
Colon New York
Pt. Arena.. IPolnt Arena..
Pomona ... Humboldt
Ne-wbur* . . Grays Harbor
O W Elder. Portland
Bonlta Newport
N«wbur* .. Grays Harbor
Alumna .. Australia
W. Krusrer.lGrays Harbor
North Fork'Humboldt
Arcata ....ICoos Bay
Empire ....(Coos Bay
Santa Rosa|San Diego... ..l<
Australia .ITahltl
Alliance ... Portland......
Walla "W.-IVIctorta
Rainier ... Seattle..
Czarina ... Seattle
Eureka .... HumboWt
Gaelic ChlnaA Japan
Berg-enhus . Chlna& Japan I
Coos Bay.. Newport |:
Oct. », 12 m
Oct. 29, 2 pm
Oct. 30, 2 pm
Oct. 30, S pm
Oct. 80, 11 am
Oct. SO, • am
Oct. SO, Um
Oct. 81. 9 pml
Oct. 81, 5 pml
Oct. 31. 9 am
Oct. 81, 12 m
Oct. 31, 4 pm
Nov. 1, 11 am
Nov. 1, 6 pm
Nov. 1
Nor. 2, 11 am
Nov. t. .
Nov. i, 10 am
Nov. 2, 9 am
Nov. S, l pm
Nov. 3, 10 am
Nov. 3, 9 am
PHSS
Pier J
Pier 9
Pier 13
Pier 24
Pier 11
Pier 13
iPler T
IPler 2
Pier 2
Pier 10
Pier 13
Pier 11
Pier 7
Pier 20
Pier »
Pier 8
Pier J
PMSS
iPi-r 27
IPler 11
AMXTSEaLENTS.
! ___,_, ri ..... . L _ _._ .. ri r -,-.. riJ - r - ¦ ¦ . --
!^B^5Spwbc^3BH*sSsL4r^P5^/^-^^»
THE KlNG-PIN
OF ALL MELODRAMAS.
Two Vast Audiences Yesterday Testified to th»
Merits of the Magnificent Scenic Production.
FOR HER SAKE
This Week Only. MATINEE SATURDAY.
Next Sunday Afternoon,
"WHOSE BABY ARE YOU?"
| sf>ec./\lT|
FOUR EXPLANATORY RECITALS AT THB
PIANO ON WAGNER'S
"DER RING DES NIBELUNGEN,"
MR. WALTER y ~DAMROSCH.
Wednesday. Oct. SI "DAS RHEINGOLD."
Friday, Nov. 2 "DIE WALKURE."
Monday. Nov. 5 "SIEGFRIED."
Wednesday. Nov. 7."GOTTERDAMMERUNG."
Reserved Seats— %\ 50. II. 50c.
COLUMBIAN:
Beginning TO-NIGHT.
"The thought ihatshh cares for me makes
rainbows in my eyes when I wink 'em "
STUART la Angvitss Thomas'
ROBSON I eJSSLU. I
OLIVER GOLDSMITH
WITH THIS MATCHLESS CAST:
John E. Henshaw. Stephen Grattan. H. A.
"Weaver Sr., Beaumont Smith. Frank Robins.
James Grant. Bert Washburn. Maud White.
Jeffreys Lewis, Ellen Mortimer. May Ten
Eroeck, Joseph P. Winter, O. E. Hallam. Clif-
ford Leigh and 20 others.
BEST SHOW IN TOWN. BEST PEOPLE IN
VAUDEVILLE.
DOIiAK ANT>IiENHAB-R,PRELLE'S
TALKING DOGS, JOHNSON,
BIAN0 AND BENTLEY, HOW-
ARD AND BLAND, GEORGE
EVANS,
LES FRASETTIES. WORLD AND HAST-
INGS." BLANCHE RING. LIZ-
ZIE B. RAYMOND.
. Reserved seats. 23c; Balcony.. 10c; Opera
Chairs and Box Seats, 50c.
Matinees Wednesday, Saturday and Sunday.
ALP ELLTNOH0U8B.......... Prop, and MgT.
PHONE SODTH TO.
- OUR CAPACITY
CAST NIGHT. '•^•^^ '
AND THOUSANDS TURNED AWAT. 1
A Howllns Mob Makes Demand on Box Of-
fice for Remainder of Engagement.
Seat Sals Goes on With Great Rapidity.
THE KING
——OF THE
OPIUM RING I
THB GREATEST SHOW ON EARTH.
ENGAGEMENT FOR TWO WEEKS.
. Matins* Saturday and Sunday.
Evsnlnr- • -15c. Me, 85c. 60c and T5o
Matin** ¦ 13c. 23c. 35c and 50a
Next— "A TOUNQ WIFE."
FTSDHFiR'S concert house.
AHesandronl, Puerarl. Ovando and Varcas,
vocalist*.' Jo* Hays and Lunette.
, " ~ Reserved Seat*. * J5c : Matinee Sunday.
( Fourth act tj£ "EKNANT." FtxcJ, msax
AMTTSZMElTTa.
QRAND OPERA HOUSE
MATINEES SATUIIDAT AXD SUNDAY
NEW":KMW ia£ J PANY
THI3 EVENIXO.
Gltette's Greatest of All American Plays.
SECRET SERVICE
T. DANIEL FRAWLET as LEWIS DUMOST.
EVENING PRICES 10c. 15c. 23c. 50c
A Few Front Rows In 'Orchestra. 73c.
MATINEE PRICES 10*. 15c. 25c. 50c
Branch Ticket Office— Emporium.
GRAND OPERA SEASON
MAtTRICE GRAU OPERA CO.
From the Metropolitan Opera-house. New York.
THREE WEEKS— Commencing Nov. tt.
AT MOROSCO'S GRAND OPERA-HOUSE.
Beginning With an Elaborate Production
of Gounod's
"ROMEO ET JULIETTE."
To be followed the first week by '•Tannhau-
¦er." "Aida," "Faust." "Lohengrin," "Lurfa
dl Lammermoor" and "The Flying Dutchman,"
Later In th« season "The Nlbelungen Ring" o£
Wagner will b« «;iven for the first time.
Sale of Subscription Seats dally, from 9 to 5,
at Sherman, Clay & Co.'s.
Prices for season of 20 performance*. $33 to
1100. according to location. Proscenium and
Balcony Boxes. $300 to S1000. Single Night
Sale beeins November 7. Prices $3 to ST.
Positively no seats reserved for Single Nights
until SubscriDtlon Sale terminates.
WEBER PIANOS USED.
*TIV_OLI*
FOURTEENTH GRAND OPERA WEEK.
To-night, Wednesday. Friday. Saturday Night»,
"AIDA."
BARBERESCHI. CASTELLANO. SALASSA.
LUCENTL POLETINI. SCHUSTER.
Th« Sensational Operatic Trlnaiiih.
"CARMEN"
Tuesday, Thursday. Sunday Nights, Saturday
Matinee,
COIXAMARINI A& CARMEN.
Russo. Ferrari. Nlcolini. Repetto. eta.
POPULAR PRICES 25c and Wo
IBfOAffltt
TONIGHT.
The Beautiful Romantic Drama.
NORTHERN
LIGHTS.
Mammoth Spectacular 8cenea. ' " ~)
MATINEES SATURDAY and SUNDAY.
SHERMAN; CLAY & CO'S HALL
Direction of S. H. FRIEDLANDER ft CO.
SALE OF SEATS Commencing TO-DAY for tha
THREE PIANO RECITALS
By LITTLE ENID BRANDT.
Each Concert to Include Ltttla Enid's Mar*
velous Feat Of MUSICAL TELEGRAPHY.
Thursday Night. November 1st.
Thursday Afternoon, 'November 3th.
Saturday Afternoon, November 10th.
PRICES— tl. 75c. tOc.
IWtNIiLlgg.
(1 J)
MARKET bT.Sf.^y
Dr, Bennett's Electric Belt
Makes weak men and women strong- and strong
men and women | stronser. Rooms 5 and s. 47
Post st.. San Francisco. Cal. . .
AMXTSEJyCENTS.
CHUTES^ ZOO
EVERT AFTERNOON AND EVENINO.
SAVILLE AliTD YOTJira, EDXTA
DAVENPORT, WISE AND MIL-
TON", HENDEBSON AND EVERS,
OXAIBJS FEX, AZARA, NEW
MOVING PICTiJBES., ,
THE CONGa FAMILY.
AQUATIC SPORTSJON THE LAKE.
AMATEUR NIOTIV TMISDAY.
'.-£ {Ttleitbone for Se*t*-Farfc JM, ..
McKINLEY AND ROOSEVELTi
Hon. JOHN BARRETT
APPOINTED BT ' PRESIDENT ; CTiEVEI«AND MINISTER TO SIAM.
THE MAGNETIC ORATOR, AVILL GIVE If 16 REASONS WHY HB
FAVORS MeKINLEY
METROPOLITAN TEMPLE
THIS (Monday) EVENING.
OO NOT FAIL TO HEAR HIM.
W. M. "CUTTERS Secret*^. avO> **°™& Ch^rmin R-jmbllcan State O^mltt-L
ADTTEilTISEM21NTS.
FIRST-Our $0.50 Storm I
1 Collar (like picture). It is S
made of River Mink — a rich «
deep brown fur of wonder- g
ful wearing quality. It is 8
beautifully lined with heavy H
satin and prettily finished a
with six long tails. H
An ideal little garment to ¦
complete your tailor-made I
suit Each $0.50 fl
SECOND— Our special Bal- ¦
tic Seal Capes. An un- M
usually good little cape with B
a Russian Mink Top Collar, a
One of the stronprest values B
this store has ever offered. B
14-inch $7.50 g
I 16-inch $8.50 I
I 18-inch 91O.OO B
I THIRD— Our. $5.5O Elec-
trie Seal Collarette, made I
of electric seal and sable ¦
hair. A swell little s:ar- S
ment, 10 inches deep. Very
special and only a few. . . . ¦ ¦
Each$5.50T |
lyCoropargr I
9 IWCOREORATXD _ B
I 133-117 Pos !A iE/ I
_^_^J \^_ AD V KKTISTSTWETriS.
MmLmmt!mM\ iranrMm Via in ili^ n
trxiE A T I
CLOSING-OUT
!bAJj|j. §
Starts To=Morrow at 9 a, m,
FORCED TO MOVE NOVEMBER 39. I
Owing to the short notice to move, we |
are COMPELLED TO SACRIFICE M
OF HIGH-CLASS CLOTHING, HATS 1
AND FURNISHING GOODS. %
The hammer falls heavily on the best \\
stock of Clothing, etc., ever p'aced on $
sale. NOT ONE ARTICLE WILL BE |
MOVED OUT. . |
The GIGANTIC BARGAINS AND TER- %
RIFIC REDUCTIONS will sweep the \
-goods from our counters. \
STORE CLOSED TO-DAY
¦jftBvjgp* IA/ATCH OUR 1A/1NDOIA/S
SS^"^ FOR PRICES. :
PAUSON & CO,
918-920-922 Market Street.will speak of him later. But as I was Bitting
on this stage there was a deep Impression made
on my mind that I cannot help expressing. It
is that looking at your bright faces I feel the
same as you do that there is power in your
order.. Some' things there . are that i>eople
never agree on. but there is no orte in thla
hall or in the whole world that can argue that
when young men bind themselves together to
lead sober and clean lives that there can be
ar-r wrong in it. There can be no two opin
ions on that. . Therefore there Is a vitality in
your work by your knowing that you are doing
right. This priest. Father Mathew, labored in
Cork alone, and yet we "rise up and call him
blessed." He was born in 1790. so we are a lit
tle late to celebrate the centennial of his birth
da v. He died In December. 1856. His great
work only extended over eighteen years, yet In
that short space of time he induced over 8,000,-
000 persons to take the pledge. His movement
first started In Ireland, eventually extended to
England, Scotland and America. AH of these
countries he visited to spread the good work.
When death caused him to lay down his task
It vas taken up by those he had impressed and
won over to his cause.
There is one ¦word used to-day more than
any other and that is the word "environment."
Do you know what it means? It is used to
express the world we live in— our surroundings.
1 believe that our lives are more Influenced by
our environments than by any other source.
Youne men should be brought up in temper
ance; so that when they become 21 and their
characters are molded, - they can resist liquor.
I do not mean that when you are 21 that you
should break your pledge; that Is not necessary
at all. In fact, I am sure that your chaplain.
Father O'Ryan, would not work and labor so
IN ELOQUENT DISCOURSE BISHOP MONTGOMERY IMPRESSES EVILS
OK INTEMPERANCE UPON GREAT. THRONG GATHERED AT PAVILION
TO HONOR THE MEMORY OF FATHER MATHEW.
Among the clergy who attended the
Bishop on the Dlatform were Fathers
Yorke, Brady, Hickey. Cullen, Quinn
Prendergast and O'Ryan. *
This treating habit Is a bad habit, and those
who indulge in it are slaves to public opinion.
Why cannot a man treat his friends to good
?laln water, and if he must give them some
thing else the ingenuity of man has devised so
many palatable non-alcoholic drinks that I
don't see why they can't drink them. In No
vember you are all no doubt going to vote, and
at the same time you are going to say "Down
with the trusts." Are you aware that the li
quor trust is the strongest of them all? It has
the wealth back of It and will never' be defeat
ed In Its work until we all organize and fight
it by organized strength.
English speaking people ar* Intelligent
enor^h to listen to reason, but why are they
so stubborn on this great question that con
cerns themselves? Every one should be a po
liceman of bis own principles — ha should be
cuardlan of the laws governing himself. I
wonder if . there are any old members of the
League here to-day that have dropped out of
the organization and that have not been equal
to the task of keeping the pledge? Perhaps you'
know soma who have violated their pledge. I
want to know if you think that they are money
in packet by doing so. Have they the more re
paect of • their friends? You know very well
that they have not risen In your esteem.
hard in the cause if he thought that when 70a
came to your majority you would discard tem
perance. He will want you to so on aa good
citizens and sober men. It Is no use to talk
about temptations. You are right In your
conscience, right in your common sense, so
carry out your pledges.
There are two ways of keeping a man from
Renting: drunk. One is to shut him up In Jail.
The other way is to bring him up a model man.
Legislation has something to do with all things
of life, and it should have something to do
with drink. That is a question that we are
divided on; some people think that law should
prohibit the manufacture and the sal* of II
•iuor. The majority are not favorable to the
movement, and so we cannot expect to reach
a compromise.
vilion when a little after 2 o'clock the
First Regiment, League of the Cross Ca
dets, headed by the Third Artillery band,
marched into the hall and took seats on
the main floor, directly in front of the
to a sense of their duty. He practically
introduced the idea of total abstinence
from drink and aroused the alarm against
liquor when the whole world was a weak
subject to its vice. The Just historian will
inscribe Father Mathew's name in the
THE greatest demonstration In the
cause of temperance ever held in
this city was that in honor of
Father Mathew day, which was
celebrated in the Mechanics' Pa
vilion j-esterdayy under the auspices
of the League of the Cross. Bishoi.
Montgomery journeyed expressly from
Los Angeles to deliver the oration to
the cadets, and his address was so elo
quent and his arguments so logical that
he is certainly entitled to the designation
"The Father Mathew of the West," which
was bestowed upon him by the Very Rev.
J. J. Prendergast, who Introduced him to
the vast audience. Between six and seven
thousand people were present at the Pa-
platform. Shortly afterward the Bishop,
escorted by a large number of the prom
inent Catholic clergy, ascended the stage.
The moment, the genial face of the Bishop
was recognized he was greeted by a whirl
wind of applause from the boys.
The celebration commenced with the
"Veni Creator," followed by a prayer and
a response by the Rev. Father P. 6'Ryan,
chaplain of the regiment. John J. Bar
rett was then introduced and- made a short
address. He said in part:
"It is the practice at the close of a cen
tury to view its work, and the names of
those who have abcomplished great things
are chiseled in lasting recdrds. "We are
in the final hours of one of the centuries,
and one of those whom we will ever rever
ence in our memories is Father Mathew.
He aroused England, Ireland. and Scotland
temple of fame."
At the close of Mr. Barrett's address
Thomas Green of the Tivoli sang a tenor
solo by Tostl. His selection was warmly
appreciated and the applause was so
deafening that before he was allowed to
leave the stage he had to respond to three
encores. The 'audience then sang "The
btar-spangled •Banner," accompanied, by
the regimental band. An ode. specially
written for the occasion by Merman Schef
fauer and set to music by H. J. Stewart,
was sung by S.J. Sandy, the chorus be
ing rendered by the cadets. ;
The Bishop was then introduced by the
Very Rev. J. J. Prendergast. Bishop
Montgomery said:
Mr - President. Ladles and Gentlemen and
my Dear Boys: We have come here to-day to
commemorate the apostle of temperance and I
John J. Barrett Delivers Address in Eulogu of Great
Total Abstinence Apostle, and Songs Are'Sung,
• - • , ¦
Bishop Montgomery of Los Angeles Inspires Vast Audience With His Elo
guence and Urges the Cafletsjever to Let Their Zeal Flag.
CELEBRATION OF FATHER M ATHEW DAY
PROVES A SPLENDID TEMPERANCE EVENT
The Rev. F. C. Sanford of St. John's
Episcopal Church spoke of human legisla
tion as differing from divine In not being
final or ideal. It registered public senti
ment and was governed by expediency.
Human legislation was Intended to serve
the best interests of the community. Ho
then referred to the proposed • ordinance
for licensing poolselllng as not voicing
public sentiment, being: rather an attempt
on the part of the baser element In the*
city to obtain the advantage over the ma
jority and as dangerous to the welfare of
the community. It was the duty of every
Christian citizen to vote no. and not only
to vote, but to use his influence In every
legitimate way to defeat this nefarious at
tempt to make San FrandBCO a center of
unrestrained gambling:.
In Trinity Episcopal Church Rer. Fred
erick W. Cla.ropctt preached upoa
The razsbllnr mania Is certainly one of the
greatest dancers to which the young men of
our day Is subject. I do not expect the time
eoon to come when there will not be a class of
men Intent on getting money without an equiv
alent, or making their living by sport Instead
of by labor, but I do demur to the proposition
that this class shall govern our • municipality,
and by their example mold to their »ktpg the
renexatlon In which we live.
I do cot remember to have met with a meas
ure (or the propagation of gambling more ua
blushlns and nefarious than this proposed or
dinance. I can not believe that any reputable
citizen, and especially any business man. can
support It If it la once fairly understood.
It Is raid that there will be gambling, ordln
as.ee or not. Tet we need not help It along.
We don't need to place open doors of tempta
tion. What Is this ordinance? Simply a li
cense for rambling. It grants certain privil
eges and advantages over law abiding citizens.
It reseaJs everything In the gambling line.
Horse racing bets, wagers on contests between
men: in fact, anything of the gamblers* craft
is leritlmatized by it. It increases the places
that tempt young men. The employers are al
wu-s on the alert, and many young men will
lose position" because of such an j ordinance
and must needs Join the unemployed, and final
ly the vicious characters of the community.
The Rev. N. Beard of Grace Methodist
Episcopal Church E&ld to his congrega
tion:
On our public highways and streets the doors
cf these tra^a would •evermore stand open
for the unwary. Children as they passed by
could see betting being carried oa: could hear
taJk of prize flg-hts ar.d horse races. Thf.
moral result to theM children would be cf a.
terrible character.
But gambling does not Etand as a single sin.
It stands for nearly every other sin. It cer
tainly leads, as the press gives daily account*
of evil-doing, chargeable Vu it. A young man
eamblee. Spurred on by hope of gain, he
epends ail the money (his by right) that he can
ecrape together. Sometimes he loses; some
time* and less frequently he v.-ins. In the
long run he loses. Then he takes hi* employ
er's money. Not perhaps in a bad spirit, not in
a. spirit of thieving, but fully intending to pay
back with Interest, lured on by the demon of
chance. He find* too late that he can
pot. Then cornea suicide, dishonorable flight,
or sometimes murder. This is what poolselling
results la. Ltt us unite to fight it.
Rev. Georpe C. Adams discoursed on
the evils of the poolrooms last evening at
the First Congregational Church, coiner
of Post and Mason Btreets. He took his
text from Samuel xviil. He dwelt on the
tiR-onizing sorrow of David over the way
wardness of Absolom and said that many
a father of this day had cause to grieve
also and to ask. "Is the young man safer*
He continued:
I wish to call your particular attention to
a pitfall which is perparing for our feet. I re
fer to the attempt which is being made to In
troduce ar.d pass an ordinance licensing pool
celling in this city. If 6uch an ordinance were
to come into force the result is terrible to con
template. An avenue to wrongdoing would at
once be open«?<l down which our youth would
find an easy descent to Bin and evil-doing.
At St. Paul's Episcopal Church, at Cali
fornia and Fillmore streets, yesterday
morning, the Rev. \V. M. Reilly preacher
eloQuenuy against* a poolroom ordinance
before a large congreratlon. He aald,' in
part:
The adopting of such an Iniquitous ordinance
couid have but cr.e rt*ult. The poolrooms
flourishing under the protection of the law
would ply their evil traffic in our midst. They
would become, as they have been in the past,
cer.s of iniquity Sn which to ruin our young
rr.anhood.. PoolBelling- Is legalized robbery. I
call on all here pre&ent to aid the Law and
Order League in :ts reform work with all their
Etrenjrth tnd with all their heart.
This ordinance is instigated by the worst ele
ment in the community. Already the petition
which these pea^ie get up has been proved to
be fraudulent.
Thii ori'.nance Is a barefaced endeavor to
legalize panblins. to give to the industry of
roolselllng the dignity of law. We hear that
* - a sop to lcduce them to countenance thla
pernicious thins to flourish la their midst the
i>eo?le cf San Francisco are offered 51000 in
•Senses. One thousand dollars fcr how many
*ouls? It is bloo-J money. It is the price
w:.lch they on tntir aide offer m tne traffic of
EOUlS.
At trie (Ja'lf.ornia-stree-t Methodist Epis
copal Church, at Broderlck and California
street?, yesterday morning, the Rev. A.
C Bane delivered the following remarks
prior to his sermon:
I ara c%.-ixjtei to the proposed ordinance be
cai:sc- :t Is an advertisement of our infamy at
below tfcj .-uher cities cf America. Because it
increases the facilities of crime which ere al
ready too c3rver.!<=nt: because it rives the
fcanctlcn of 1st: to th.it which Is almost every
where put -jnder '.to ban, because ban Kran
cisco. the beautiful, on this muPt wonderful
Lay. !n thl* v^n.ierful climate, with its un
laralleied ecrr.n.erc'.al afivar-iages, is being
ruined by the freedom cf Its unlawful dlsslpa
t\u. l»cci.;e are a'rald of u» and with reaton.
It Is Time lor the lawaMdtng and God-fearlny
elements, ves, arid thos-e who bare a particle
cr civic pride, to he'.p turn the tide and make
fight for a cltaner Fan Francisco. Knowing
that they can pet whatever they want, I appeal
t>. the civic pride of the tramblers themselves.
If there is a drc:> or patriotic blood uncor
rupied by selfirhnees and greed for money you
don't earn. tUD this thing.
VTe *re II vine in Etrange" times. The meft of
us rcsaember a time when sure-thing gambler*
were content tj do tmslsea In violation of
law *-j ljp.g as the law was not enforced
aj.^Ins-t t-um; ar*d errtclnly there is no danger
oi any real err jrreaicnt against them^ here.
Xlut ihl^ is Tivt tnuugh. \\ e a r— confronted
T.'lih a demand to put poolroom robberies on a
j ar r.-itli tnc- tale of groceries ar.d dry goods
and Jus-t as resj>ectable bo far t> the law can
ir,ai:e it so In tj.lte of the x.wo or three crime*
a. week « hlch ibey occasion.
Rev. John A. B. Wilson, pastor of the
Howard-street Methodist Episcorsl
Church, epoke as follows:
The propofed poolroom ordinance, stripped of
all nyi-ifr)-. ir-earis th<- ri£ht of way for gam
blers and gambling in this city. Notning
ebort of this is the soquel to this proposition.
It ir •with this expectation that the gamblers
f cncrally will support the ordinance and their
CiiK's :a vice 6t-e«c Us consummation. Good
lawyers epeniy atsert this, and the common
man rot a f_>ol can read it between the l:nes.
If ne v.ar.t ta encourage' this burning Siha-
T» cf levcris!i vice In which many a bey thai!
throw down ti'.s holies at manhood and perish —
tli«-n vote :cr this ordinance proposed. If w*
w t :<> reduce the number of such parasite*
arid nay the devastation of manhood, then
vote apairitt It. In a DStahtU, it Is this: Shall
we support carr.ldtrs una gambling ut public
ejLjxTij-t and lose by our cv»-n cuolce. or shall
we net do sar 1 think It bitter economy to
rapport t=uch bennciarie* at the county houss.
J\>r good ctdpany'e rake also vote against thli
I n position.
J have cne mere arEtment. Flmple, pJaln.
practical: t\r the pake of business Interests.
Co not Mipp^rt th:s iti position lor gambling.
Prcaa Ar>tone to Wheeler and Jordan, eiiuca
tur» anj Etztosmea alike, as ¦well as our own
Merchants' AJWOCtUiao, have taught that what
ever is poBiu-d in chance and not in belief In
Ir.triligciu law weaiten* the State, detertcrlatee
clUzfiiship and wastes bus.nees interests. From
••cra^i" to "Wr.U street," whatever proposes
Urtac without labor ar.d t--js!r.ess by chance Is
fianseroea to commerce, mercantile and labor
ir.u rests. On the ground oi business economy
a£d j-rcspexity vote apa;ntt the uncertainty a.nd
chances of saratlinc.
The cor.gr* g-ations were in most cases
larger than usual in the churches where it
was known this subject would be dwelt
upon rr.d the thousands of auditors left
the «acred edifices deeply impressed by
the earnest appeals of the divines.
Dr. S. D. Jlutsinpilier. pastor of the
Central Methodist Episcopal Church, said.
In part:
In mere than a score of churches in this
city the pabtors: yesterday raised their
voloes apainst the proposed poolselling
law, for the adoption of which the pport
ing fraternity hopes to receive the sanc
tion of the pecple rt the coming election.
Pastors in More Than a Score of
Churches Denounce Ordinance
as Iniquitous and a
Menace.
Eloquently Plead for Defeat
of Proposed Poolsell
ing Law.
DIVINES RAISE
VOICES AGAINST
THE GAMBLERS
CIRCUMLOCUTION
OFFICE ANGERS
MISSION PEOPLE
Want a Street Lamp Moved,
but Board of Works Is
Dilatory.
Bed Tape and Promises Seem to Ba
Used to Hake Life in the
Warm Belt Dan- . |
• gerous.
" 'Out of some quaint and curious vo!«
ume of forgotten lore' the Board of Pub
lic Works seems to have- drawn the in.
spiratlon for Its being," said P. R. Bron.
son yesterday. "Ever since that body
was organized the people of the further
end of Howard street have been endeavor-,
ing to secure a slight favor which it
would not cost the city HO to grant, yet
they are as far from accomplishing their
end as" they day they Biarted."
At the corner of Twenty-sixth and How
ard streets an electric light is located in
such a position that Icb rays do not af
ford -light for the people on Howard
street. When the new Board of Supervis
ors took office a petition was sent to that
body asking that the light be placed at
the intersection of the two streets in
stead of down at one side on Twenty
sixth street. This was referred to the
Gas and "Water Inspector and after sev
eral months a recommendation was mada
that the Board of Public Works take ac
tion in the premises.
"When the matter reached the circum
locution office," said Bronson. "there the
matter was allowed to slumber. The vari
ous residents of this district saw a num
ber of the Supervisors, visited the Board
of Public Works and spent more time In,
endeavoring to secure the change of lo
cation of the light than the cost of th*
change would be If measured by their
earning capacity. -.• '
"A letter was addressed to Supervisor
Hotallng In September, who promised to
see that the change should be made. This
was placed in the hands of Secretary
Park of the Board of Public Works, who
likewise gave his promise. Commissioner
Maguire's services were enlisted and more
promises made, yet the light stays In its
original position. If I had paid for the
removal of the lamp at my own expen3»
I am sure I would have been financially
far ahead." • =
The proposition presented to the Board
Of Public Works In this instance was the
removal of an arc lamp from a point on
Twenty-sixth street, west of Howard, to
the intersection of the two streets. The
neighborhood is very dark 'at night and
now that the -winter seasort'ls approach
ing residents are anxious that an equit
able distribution of light may be - mada
on both streets in order to do away with
the dark shadows now cast and foil foot
pads.
"If It takes so Ions to get a lamp
moved," said Bronson. "how long will it
take under the present regime to hav*
some Important work done by the Board
of Public Works?"
As yet no one has been found to answer
Bronson's question.
Took Ninety-Three Grains of Chloral.
W. J. Klrkwood. whose residence la at
1422 Larkln street, took ninety-three
grains of chloral Saturday night with sui
cidal-intent. His condition was discovered
yesterday morning: and he was taken to
the Receiving' Hospital. He has been pro
nounced out of danger, but the physicians
are wondering why ha lived, as forty
grains of chloral Is supposed to be a fatal
dose.
THE SAN FRANCISCO OALIi, MONDAY, OCTOBER 29, 1900.
¦Wilshire on the Trusts.
H. Gaylord "Wilshire of Los Angeles, will
We buy trunks by the carload Thafa
why we, sell good trunks at reasonable
Trunks and Valises.
Impressive^ services were held at the
Old ; People's \ Home \ at , Pine and '-,;¦ Pierce
streets^ yesterday , afternoon in memory, of
Mr.T and ; Mrs.^ Charles 3 Crocker > and * Mrs.
Met ha Nelson, the founders of the home.
..: After the . rendition of a hymn, "Rock
HbHBMHI ¦ I •-¦•-• Si*fi*««S5»s
Old People's Memorial Service.
: The moral character ¦ must be i developed ; If
we wish virtue in the future generation. The
moral cannot be developed - without .- the - re
ligious. Religion . is v the ' only solid - basis - of
morality. The teacher is also an Important fac
tor In the education of youth. He should be a
living example of the virtues he desires to tm
plaat la the child. These two principles bar*.
The life, words, works of St. John Baptist
de la Salle give us an ideal of the best meth
ods with which to accomplish a true and com
plete education of ¦ youth. Education Is not
merely giving Information. \ It ¦¦¦¦*¦ training
bringing out, developing not only' the mental
but also the moral : and - religious j faculties of
the child.:. Mere mental - development - is not
sufficient. ' It will - not " glv* man consciecce
will, not form character nor regulate conduct.
Thib world does . . not - need - shrewd, clever,'
learned men so much as good men. Man wants
higher faith, hopes,' desires, alms in life far
more ; than ¦ lnfonmation." . • .'?.-¦¦•;
, Rev. Father Dempsey preached the ser
mon. . His discourse was on Christian'ed
ucation. He said in part: . .
The Triduum in honor of St. John Bap
tist de la Salle was observed yesterday
by high mass at St.' Mary's Cathedral at
If o'clock. Thoi Christian Brothers from
the vicinity attended . the service in a
body and were seated in the sanctuary.
The high altar was beautifully decorated
with white flowers and large clusters of
candles heightened the beautv of the
scene.;
cation of Children in Chris
tain Faith.
Father Dempsey Preaches on the Edu-
RELIGION IS SOLID
BASIS OF MOBAUTy
Funeral of the I.ate Captain Henry T.
Emery Held From Their
• Temple.
Masons of all degrees ~ gathered around
the bier of Captain Henry T. Emery yes
terday to pay the last tribute of fraternal
respect to a dead" brother; and, with them
were hundreds of others, bound . to the
dead by ties : of : friendship and kinship,
who thronged the ball in Masonic Temple
and lengthened the train that followed
the remains of the' old ..seaman to his
grave. It ¦ was ¦ an . Impressive ceremony,
impressive more from its simplicity than
from any words that were said ; more
fromjth© following: than' from any eulogy
over the coffin.
¦ The pall bearers were representative of
all the decrees and orders the dead man
had affiliated .with, v There were George
B. Hannah and George B. Crooks from
Oriental Lodge/_P. - and A. M. ; Theodore
Binge and W. F. Chipman from Califor
nia Chapter; H. Inrwersen and Ira D
Thompson from the Odd Fellows; G. W
Chllds and A: C. Rulofson from Golden
Gate - Commandery. Knights *¦ Templar:
Henry A. Cllne and William C. , Hacke
from the Grand Consistory. The hearse
was escorted: by, the commandery In uni
form? and the consistory in uniform be
sides the members of the Lodge of Per
fection and Oriental - Lodge. The inter
ment was : in Masonic Cemetery. •
SORROWING MASONS LAY
DEAD BROTHER TO REST
A Large Crowd of Jolly Peopte Enjoy
Feast at Buena Vista
Park.
About 500 Old Friends and their families
partook of an old fashioned clambake
yesterday afternoon fii Buena Vista Park
.Sausalito. The clams were baked In the
ground by U G. Schord. the proprietor o£
the park, with James Banks as head cook
assisted by Melville Hermann and J e'
Slinkey. the president and secretary of the
society.
L i?\?! nk and Dr - J - S. Ttoowlton acted
as distributors to the y guests assembled
Charles Kaufman took charge of thedanc
lr * i^S and Colon el Thorn** p. Robinson
danw partncr » for *U who wanted to
.The-muslo was tarnished by Professor
H. J. Seegelken and everybody had a irood
Mme. The fat men's race waT Won bt
| Thomas Sawyer, ex-president of The an
22^* Jud «> T « i HornbfoweA^good
OLD FRIENDS HOLD
. CLOSTN-Q CLAMBAKE
The Rev. Peter C. "tforke preached at St.
Peter's Church - last night "on" the best
means of preparing for death. The dis
course! which # abounded with much ; that
touched the hearts of his hearers, was in
part as follows: '
There seems some • strange fatality about
death. It would seem as if death Indeed loves
as the poet says, a shining mark.. The father
in the midst, of his family, the first-born, the
Dride of some home, or some- good and great
man. The . sands of life "are forever , running
down. '
There Is no escape. No matter what our
state, what our knowledge, it must come. Only
of one thing about it are we certain, ¦ and that
la that none shall know | the day or the hour.
"I shall come as a thief in the night." If we
knew that on a certain day at a certain hour
we could go and meet fate, death would lose
its sting. .
Th«ae who are entering life, those going
down life's hill, all must go out of the com
mon gateway of death. ""
Jesus is perhaps walking on the street now.
Some day. some night, he "< shall come . to our
door. He : shall come himself ¦ and - the first .
warning we shall have will be when he stands
at our bedside. .'..--,¦¦.- _
After all, the object of life Is to prepare for
a good death. There is no better way than to
live a good life." One of the ways by which we
can begin to lead a good life is to constantly.
keep in mind the end toward which we are all
too rapidly hastening. % • - - :
Forceful Sermon on Preparation for
the End by the Rev. Peter C.
' Yorke.
TO DIE GOOD DEATH ONE
MUST LIVE GOOD LIFE
given life and success to the great work of the
founder of the Christian Brothers.
At the vesper service in the evening the
sermon was preached by Very Rev,
Father Prendergast:
It U even proposed to submit to ! the ; voters
of our fair city aj the coming election the
preposition whether - we - shall nave the suf
frue sanction of. the citizens of the city to
licensing gambling* on a wide open scale. For
that is what the passing of this Infamous or
dinance on poolrooms means. It Is couched in
the guise of "business." What sort of business?
The business of ruining homes, of destroying
manhood and womanhood, of making embez
zlers, '. thieves, thugs, : gamblers and » felons of
the worst sort It strikes at the business In
terests of San Francisco. It strikes at the
homes of Ban Francisco. It strikes at the best
elements la our new charter. It strikes at
The crime and sin of gambling- is one of the
curses of our are. Men all over the land are
being wrecked in body and soul through Its
agency, and the very thought that such a
monstrous sin should be legalized is a shock
to civilization, sot to speak of religion. There
are many representative men of this city now
listening to me, and I plead with them that
they will bring the total weight of their In
fluence to bear against the possibility of stain
ing the city- with the crime of legalizing gam
bling. • , ,
"The Evil of Gambling" was the theme
of Rev. H. H. Bell.- pastor Oi the First
United Presbyterian Church, last evening.
He said In substance:
The- history of gambling runs back ever the
centuries. Its history, is one not of blessing,
but of woe; not of truth, but of falsehood; not
of honeety. but of. dishonesty; not of better
manhood and womanhood, but of ruined man
hood-and womanhood: not of wealth, but of
poverty; not of virtue, but of vice; not of busi
ness prosperity, but of business failure: not of
lite, but of death . and death, too.- In Its most
horrible forms. ' "' 'iiHSBNt ¦wi
righteousness as an essential factor of
true prosperity, both as applied to the in
dividual and the community. In dealing:
with the latter thought, he spoke with
deliberation and emphasis in regard to
the proposed gambling ordinance for the
city and county of San Francisco. He
said: '. >;
It is my duty a* the pastor of Trinity Church
t3 speak unfalteringly and boldly , upon the
Fide of righteousness. We live In a city In
which there Is the. marked spirit of material
prosperity. Those who know it best and have
lived here longest prophesy a brilliant future.
But this progress has its conditions. If the
floodgates of sin are opened by the so-called
legalizing- of this rambling- ordinance the step
of progress will be checked by a higher law
and divine which tells us that righteousness
exalteth a nation and that the lack of the
came will lead to debasement and humiliation.
Therefore, let every right minded citizen with
his ballot on election day strike, it down. - I>t
h!m who loves the. home and the family, who
loves honesty and common decency, who loves
truth and righteousness, who loves God and
man. who believes in purity and virtue, and
¦who loves this city— let him on election day
helD dig; a grave for that ordinance and bury
It eo deep that never again shall It or anything
of the sort dare present itself In this city.
- •
every interest r dear to every honorable, every
loyal, large-hearted, every ethically and moral
ly inclined citizen of the proud city with its
magnificent future. ' ¦
speak to-night at Odd Fellow** HalL cor
ner of Market and Seventh streets, on the
subject of "Trusts." He will dissect thl
Democratic position on the trust Drob
lem. Mr. Wilshire is a well-known and
wealthy business man of Los Angeles and
has the reputation of being an able de
bater and a fluent speaker.
of Ages," by the choir of the Calvary
Presbyterian Church the Rev. S. H. Wil
ley, D. D., offered a - prayer. An address
by the Rev. William Rader, D. D. , fol
lowed. The speaker told of the noble
work of the founders, and asked his hear
ers to appreciate what had been done for
them. The chaplain of the institution, the
Rev. Charles McKelvey, told in a brief
way of the work accomplished in the past
year and the services closed with a hymn
by the choir and congregation.
8
APVEBTIST-lvrrTTrTS.
Through Dublin's streets tb« aged Queen El
Rides on In honored stats. u
n And"MipHurrahr"— "Good luck to you I" g
J U beard without abate. H
I At length shs speaks. " Brave Irishmen.
I Your brothers In the field
I Ha ve earned the right to wear the' Crtta'
9 As now all England yields.** Q
"Fimla the flght—lajt to retreat— jj
What make* the Irish so?" , *|
••When Dan «u younj." a daa* repStd. B
1 ** "Tls from America It cotnes* ri
1 I know." VIctorU said. y
9 ** ricneef orth *n England too *^*H tM% . *t
This food for heart and head.*" v h
/,< €^£$- / "¦ b
i| Oats contain ail the element* |j
I (or the nutrition of the body Q
la every stage of life, w
and have for ages been the nation* I diet 1
In Ireland and Scotland. H
M-0 is a scientifically prepared oat rood j
In rolled form. j
more delicate mad easier to digest I
than oatmea\ or rolled eats. 1
WELLMAN,PECK&CO.
SOLE AQBNTSRed Men might be with their living broth
ers, comforting them in adversity and
guiding their pathway through life.
"Lead Kindly Light" was then sung by
the quartet and Emello Lastreto fol
lowed, with the reading of the death of
Mlnnehaha.- ; from Longfellow's "Hia
watha.'.' . "Good Night,", by the quartet,
and ari Invocation by Past Grand Sachem
Andrews closed the services.
LAST SERVICES IN
CALVABY CHURCH
Congregation Passes Forever From
the Historic Old Building on
Powell Street.
For the last time the members of the
old Calvary congregation, gathered last
night ' in the church, \ on i, the . corner ;;of
Powell and Geary; streets, ; to ; hold /ser
vices. . There had \ been .' services i, in 7 : the
morning— Impressive services, ,' laden with
the sentiment of the last day. \ Dr. Hemp-'
hill preached from .the text, • "My* pres
ence shall go with thee and * I ; will » give
thee rest" The congregation was a large
one and ¦ it seemed ¦ as : if all the s older
members who perhaps had allowed the old
church '.-. to - take second place In. their
hearts , had '• come • to attend the services
on the last day. • ,
In the evening the sermon was from the
text, "I * will not : let thee go except thou
bless me— and 'he blessed them , there."
Again it was a' large congregation and a
sorrowful one. : The hymns had - more
than - the : Sunday ; sentiment— more than
the Sabbath > fervor; the prayers seemed
more heartfelt, - the '.congregation more
devout. The impendfng separation cast
Its : shadow over all, and its effect could
not be hidden. , . .:
After the sermon had been preached the
pastor called: upon any. who felt Impelled
to . speak ¦: a; word of prayer and In re
sponse ; three; members of the flock: rose
and prayed that in leaving the old church
building * the * congregation would v mount
still higher >¦ toward lh» light and creep
nearer < tbe '; throne; that in leaving the
'¦The - benediction ¦ closed the services ' and
the people left their old house of worship
for the last time. It will - be torn down
at once, and until, the completion of the
new edifice the congregation -will worshiD
in the Y. M. C. A. building.
church Ithad occupied, for thirty-two
years ..the congregation would lose none
of ltB faith, nor its grace, and that a now
era would commence with the passing of
the old. •-;'¦ ¦' r
Note—On Thursday of this week Dr.
Trlrgs will present a study of "Cymbe
llne' p based on the plan set forth la this
paper.
to all in the kingdom. But at the moment
of apparent victory he receives his check
from Albany and pays the penalty of
evil-doing to Edgar. Edgar is the final
resource of the counterplot. From the
position of knighthood he has descended
to the lowest beggary. But the tide of
control changes near the end of the play.
He la carried aloft with startling rapid
ity, * and through the outcome of a sin
gle challenge restores the ethical bal
ance, and Is permitted to rule with Al
bany in a united kingdom.
Thus the kingdom, thrown Into discord
bv the action of Lear, has been purified
by the destruction of all that were evil,
and the restoration and advancement of
all that were Just. The diagram shows
the play reaches its emotional height dur
ing the third act. The suffering of th©
protagonists of the play Is then at the
extreme and the domination of evil-doers
seems most assured. The tide of events
turns at the close of that act with the
death of Cornwall. The fifth act shows
the triumph of good, the solution of all
discords by the elimination of offending
elements, and full resolution into har
mony. OSCAR L. TRIGG3.
•University of Chicago.
OAKLAND. Oct. 28.— The Young Men's
Republican League drill corps , will go to
San : Jose to-morrow . night ', with the Re
publican y Alliance , to^ take- part la the
demonstration"* at the Garden City. *. A
special train will leave First : street ' and
Broadway at 6 :3d p. m.
Drill Corps Going to San Jose.
FBIEND OF ABRAHAM
LINCOLN PASSES AWAY
Colonel Charles B. "Wagner Dies at
His Home in Alameda After
I/ong Illness.
ALAMEDA, Oct. 28.— Colonel Charles B.
Wagner died to-day at his home In this
city, aged 76 years. He had been 111 for
about eleven months. Death was due to
a stomach trouble.
Colonel Wagner served through the
Civil War as a captain and, later was
connected with the commissary depart
ment of the regular army, retiring with
the rank of colonel in 1867. He was a
personal friend of President Lincoln and
commanded the guard that was stationed
about' the house In which President'Lin
coln was carried after being ehot by John
Wilkes Booth. .*¦¦ • :
Colonel Wagner had In his possession
a number of letters he had received from
Lincoln and which he treasured highly.
Colonel Wagner retired from active busi
ness life over twenty years ago. He had
re?ided here five years. He leaves, a
wife. The. funeral will be held Tuesday
at 9 a, m. The body will be conveyed
to Odd Fellows' Cemetery. San Francisco,
and cervices will be conducted in the
chapel there under the auspices of George
H. Thomas Post _/3.* A. R., of which Col
onel ¦ Wagner vrJ$ a member.
ITVE HUNDRED BTJB2JT2TG
. . I.ETTEBS AKE PBODTJCED
Catherine Haight Says They Were
Written to Her by Cyrus
Elwood Brown.
Though the deposition of Mrs. Cyrus
El wood Brown has not as yet been com
pleted and placed among the papers in
the J20,000 breach of promise suit Insti
tuted against her husband by Catherine
Haipht of Cincinnati, the attorneys who
represent the claimant are preparing to
•fuyrment the record by invading the scene
of Brown's alleged ardent wooing In
search of other depositions and affidavits.
A.ukgram from Cincinnati says:
t><?j»oEltlons Trill be taken here next week In
« famous f20.0uo breach of promise case in
which the plaintiff Is a fair resident of this
«ity and the defendant a well-known promoter
«f Ban FraHciaco. reputed to be worth half a
jnfllicn or so.
The style of the ca*e Is Catherine Haijrht
Bjra-1nst Cyrus E. Brown, and they met under
romantic circumstances. Brown was an ardent
Vooer, 11 Is <iaimed. and wrcte oome M0 let
ters, nearly all of which will be offered in evl
<»«icer. Depositions will be taken as to Iden
tification by certain photographs. Miss Haisht
made her home on Price H11L
COMMITS SUICIDE
BY INHALING GAS
Mrs. Elizabeth Anna Flinn Ends Her
Life Because of Sickness and
Despondency.
Mrs. Elizabeth Anna Fllnn committed
suicide early yesterday morning at her
residence, 423 Hayes street. She Inserted
a rubber tube on top of the gas Jet, turned
on the gas and placed the other end of
the tube in her mouth.
J. II. Harrison, a roomer In the house,
got home about 2:30 o'clock yesterday
morning and his attention was attracted
by the smell of pas coming from Mrs.
Flinn's bedroom. He opened the door and
found her dead In bed with the tube be
side her head and gas pouring out of the
end of' it.
Harrison at once notified William P.
Flinn, £14 Bryant street, and he communi
cated with the Morgue officials and the
bo<ly was taken there. Mrs. Fllnn's son
said she had been ailing for some months,
which made her despondent, and she had
frequently threatened to take her life.
Appearances Indicated that she had
made all preparations for yesterday
morning's breakfast before retiring
for the night. She waa 51 years of age
and a native of Oregon. Her husband is
at present In the country looking after
his ranch. •
as Lear Is whimsical. In both sterlet
children are arrayed against parents.
Oloster's suffering Is hardly less severe
than Lear's; and his remorse Is perhaps
greater. His destiny la an even one tilt
crossed bv Edmund and tortured by Corn
wall, when he falls to a bitter death In
the middle of the fifth act. Edmund from
the lowest possible condition rises till he
is within reach of the highest. Ha Is the
shrewd mover of criminal Intrigue, and
accepts every opportunity that opens for
hi.* personal advancement His ambition
is at first content with small gains, but
as he secures one end after another he
comes to strive for absolute power. Hla
line of control crosses all the others, and
he thus mediates criminally among all the
other members of the play. First, he de
prives Edgar of his estate, then brings
about his father's banishment and the
confiscation of the estate. His Influence
tends to Increase every suffering and to
oppose every good. He crosses the Una
of Albany, and at Cornwall's death,
through Intrigue with bis slaters— who
recognize their affinity In a person of
absolutely evil disposition — rises superior
act. This leaves the second and fourth
acts to exhibit the rising and falling
actions respectively. Tne ideal course of
a tragedy may then be represented by a
line laid upon the field of the play rising
from the lower level of zero to the
mechanical middle of the third space and
thence falling again to the level of the
beginning.
' Of course, inls Ideally perfect scheme Is
rarely maintained In practice. Variations
in Shakespeare are found of three kinds.
First the climax may occur earlier or
later than the middle point. This varia
tion at once changes the rising and falling
lines Second, the division Into acts may
not agree with the logical divisions of the ;
play. The function of the different acts i
may be transferred. Thus the introduction
may extend well into the second act. or
the* falling action may continue into the
field of conclusion. Third, the movement
of the play may not be a direct rise and
fall but 'the course of eventa may fre
quently be suspended. This variation may
be represented by an irregular line ac
cording to the irregularities of the action.
But In general the regular plat serves as
the form of construction. .-;¦•.,-
To Illustrate the course and relation of
individual players the tragedy of "King
Lear " which Is the most regular and con
sistent of all of Srtnkespeare's plays In I
point of construction, will be chosen for \
diagram. We draw again the fundament
al plan. Upon it we lay the lines of ac- i
tion As the action is here determined by ]
the history of the players before the in
cidents of the first act the scheme may .
include an indefinite field fronting the j
main map.
The diagram may be Interpreted both by
the relation of lines In separate acts and
by the course of individuals from the rise
to the fall. The four groups are estab
lished on the map according to the
primacy of their plots, and within these
plots according to their rank or assocla- ;
tlon with rank. Thus the king's group oc
cupies the upper -portion, of the diagram
and the Gloster group the lower portion.
Edmund, as an illegitimate son, holding
an Isolated place at the very bottom of
the field. This division coincides also
with the distinctions of plot and counter
plot Thus Kent. Cordelia and the fool
suffer with Lear: the other two daughters
and their husbands triumph together until
the separation of Albany from the forces
of evil. Edgar suffers with Gloster as
Edmund wends his way alone.
The play opens with Lear at the heicht
of his authority. As Kent and the fool
have been attached to the king's person
for many years, and as Cordelia has been
the King's favorite daughter, their lines
run parallel to that of Lear during the
time anterior to the date of the play. For
two acts Lear suffers deprivation of
authority. He is cast down from his king
ly position. Through the third and fourth
acts he loses control of his mental facul
ties He has descended to the lowest pos
sible estate. With his recovery of sanity
In the fifth act there Is a chance also of
restoring his kingly authority. His line
rises in suspense for the moment, but he
Is too weak and sinful for restoration, and
Nemesis demands his death In reparation
of a fatal error. * : M
Kent's fortunes depend, upon the
King. His bant3hment. his servile posi
tion, his suffering In the storm with Lear,
constitute his falling action. His line
then rises with that of the King, runs
parallel with it In descent for two act*.
A letter from Leadville discusses the sil
ver market, and incidentally comments on
the fortunate position of Leadville, where
there was lead to sell at $4 per 100 pounds
when stiver was as low as 60 cents. When
lead and copper dropped in price silver ad
vanced. Attention is called by the writer
to the fact that the silver market has not
been very erratic. Its rise and fall have
both been gradual. In January of 1896 sil
ver was 67%, and was about stationary at
68^ all through March, April and May. In
August. 1895. it began to decline, and
reached 64% in January, 1897, but dropped
to €0 In April. 1839. The present upward
movement is the first that has been sus
tained since the first part of 1S96. The
writer says:
It Is important to note In connection with
this advance that the price of the two metals,
lead and copper. Is very much higher than In
former years. The average price of sliver In
1S96 was 66 cent*, while this year It will be
less than 62 cents, yet at that time copper
was worth only 10 cents a pound and lead $2 75.
Copper began slowly to advance and was 17
cents In August, 1899, and Is now steady at
16 cent?. The average price of lead Is better,
consequently the intrinsic value of a ton of
ore In which silver, lead or copper Is an ele
ment, is much higher than at any time sine;
1860, when silver shot up to over a dollar. It
Is important to remember also that very much
lower grades of refractory ore can be handled.
Ores that went over to dump eight or nins
years ago are now being shipped, and mining
men are making elaborate tests of the older
dumps to endeavor to secure some satisfactory
method of treating their former waste pro
duct. -'->V-v
A meeting will be held at Redding, Shas
ta County to form an association of the
mining men of Northern California, to
send delegates to the State convention to
be held next month in this city and to
take such other steps as may seem best
to the miners of the north. B. H. Benja
min secretary of the California Miners
A«sodation, has written to the Supervis
ors of Shasta. Trinity and Siskiyou coun
ties asking them to assist In making the
movement in the north a success. In a
letter to Mineral Wealth, published at
Redding Mr. Benjamin calls attention to
some benefits that have been derived by
the northern section from the visit of the
American Institute of Mining Engineers
to California, which was brought about
by the efforts of the California Miners'
Association. He writes that three invest
ments of capital in the mining industry of
California have been the fruit of the visit
of the mining engineers.
"One of the investments is in Slskiyou
County." he says, "and as consulting en
gineer for this company I am at the pres
ent time erecting a large cyanide plant,
and have given continuous employment to
some forty men since the 1st of July. I
have shipped In fifty odd tons of mining
machinery and have distributed many
thousands of dollars in labor and machin
ery in Slskiyou County, so I do not think
that any statement that the California
Miners" Association has brought no bene
fit to Northern California can be substan
tiated. I hope that Northern California
will have a large, energetic and ambitious
delegation in our next convention."
The discussion over the advisability of
establishing an independent smelter > for
Utah has some interesting phases. The
local papers are not united on the propo
sition. One argument that has been urged
scheme is to have a vessel outfitted at a
cost of 525,000, and he is to pilot it to the
alleged Alaskan treasure Island and to
receive the neat little sum of $75,000 for
his trouble and the secret that he imparts.
If the realization comes up to what he
predicts: otherwise he will not get any
thing. He has talked about miles of sea
beach that are very rich. The Los An
celea Herald Is authority for the state
ment that the treasure-seeking vessel
will soon sail for the Island.
The following facts came from the.
Calaveras Chronicle by the condensing
process: .
The Greek mine will soon be In operation.
It has a five-stamp mill, concentrators, hoist
ing works, etc. The Shenandoah mine Is Idle,
but will soon start ncaln. It has a ten-stamp
water i-ower mill. The ore Is of the ribbon
character. The Mauna Brothers' quartz mine
has been bonded to W. H. Rouse of Oakland
for four months on a working bond:. The Spar
rowhawk mine has been Incorporated. These
mines are In the Jesus Maria district.
The Trinity Journal reports that the
ditch constructed for the Last Chance
Mining" Company has been accepted. It
Is twelve miles long, has an average
width of eight feet on top and live feet on
the bottom, with a depth of four feet.
The mine is on the Trinity River, in the
Lowden ranch and Douglass City mining
districts, and embraces 1500 acres of au
riferous gravel. Several reservoirs will be
built In the spring and the mine will have
3000 Inches of water for ten months in the
year. An acetylene plant will be estab
lished.
The Amador County Democrat says:
Sargent's mine, en the middle bar of the
Mokelumne River, lying immediately south .1
tha Hardenburg, has increased Its force of
miners for the purpose of running a 700-foot
tunnel tc connect with a ledge of ribbon rock
From every direction on the mother lode the
outlbik for the future Is bright with hope
Among the l.nttst propositions where every
thing indicates a shipper is the Free American
mine, seven miles up the creek east from Sut
ter, managed by w. S. Weymouth. The com
pany has a good hoist and a new centrtfueal
pump that WttJ handle forty Inches of water.
The Baliol n.lnpi liave sixty-five men on the
day and' night shifts.
The Yreka Journal says:
The Greenhorn Blue Gravel Company No. *
working the Nehrbass place, received their
new pump this week, which Is now fixed up
for pumping out the shaft.
Mont. rf. the mine™ are preparing for winter
operations, *o as to be ready when a supply of
water is furnished during the rain and snow
storms. At present there Is but little water
for sluicing to any extent, and the hydraulic
miners have bepn unable to pipe since July
The quartz miners have barely enough to keep
the mill batteries supplied. The Crystal and
Brown Bear mines on Whites Gulch, owned by
Cleaver. Swain & Newsome. have been clot>ed
clcwn for th« winter months, owing to lack
oi water. They recently let a contract to
Jnmes Johnson to haul about 3000 tons of ore
from the mine to the mill,- which will be run
through os soon as the water supply permits
The Dewey mine at Squaw Creek is still sup
plying a carload of ore every day for shipment
from Gazelle to Keswlck. The late rains have
no doubt stopped all chances ' of any further
river mining this fall, especially ' In the south
ern sections/of this county, where a slight rise
In the streams is likely to flood the wingdam.i
Over in the Salmon River section great prep
arations - are being made for starting up the
mills and 1-ydraullc gfent* as soon as winter
opens, a small supply, of snow, being already
on the- mountain tops as a starter in fumisn-
Ing v.ctf r. Machinery . is : now . arriving at
Weavervllle for the construction of a dredger
on the Junkans property.;; .
against the enterprise by Salt Lake jour
nalists is' that " while there" is no doubt
about the successful operation of the
smelter there Is doubtwhether the product
could be as successfully marketed against
the combination, with which it would be
in direct competition. The Mining- Re
view, published at Salt Lake, says:
The Mining Review strongly tavors Independ
ent smelters and a competitive market; still,
it seriously doubts whether any combination
of capital for the building of an Independent
smelter ran prove successful for the reascn
that such a project will surely meet with the
opposition of the trust with Its Influence, its
millions and its almost absolute control of the
metal market. There can be no doubt
that an Independent smelter can be success
fully operated in this State; that an abund
ance of ore for treatment can be secured; that
treatment charges can be reduced and that
individual mine owners can be Induced to be
come shareholders In such an enterprise. This
; Is freely admitted and the times are ripe . for
the Inauguration and consummation oi such
a project, viewed from one side of the fence.
However, It' Is admitted that the trust con
trols the metal market; that It makes Its great
est gains on the sale of the product of Ha
smelters and refineries. This fact alone would
bring the Independent smelter squarely against
a solid, Impenetrable stone wall. It can pro
duce the bullion, but where can it find a mar
ket for it If the combine refuses to become a
party to Its sale? There Is the rub. A com
pany producing bullion which It cannot dis
pope of might as well go out of business.
The report Is given currency by the
Rarulsburg Miner that the dry diggings
situated about fifty miles from Rands
burg are paying well, and one company is
credited with taking out $7000 in two
months. Says the Miner:
None of the miners strip the ground, 'tlie
sand being shoveled Jn right from the top.
Pay dirt Is found In all of it and gold can 1>:
found throughout the entire section. Of course
a great deal of this Is fine gold, the coarser
gold being fount] nearer the bedrock. The
bedrock formation Is of two kinds. In some
places the miners stop work when they reach
a kind of bedrock formed of a mixture of
sand, gravel and a formation of volcanic clay.
The other Is a limestone formation, which in
all probability Is the real bedrock of the sec
tion, as the dirt Is found to be very rich
where that Is found. From . six pounds of
screened dust ' taken from a seven-foot hole,
"not ' selected," about BO cents In gold wan ob
tained, showing that the so-called bedrock
mentioned above" Is very rich and with the
proper kind of machinery could be- made to
give handsome returns. At the time the writer
visited the washing* about fifty men were dry
washing, some on their own ground and some
on leased ground. Two men. Murphy and
Fisher, were taking out about $15 per day.
Many others seen at work were doing better
than wages. When It Is figured that '> there
are in the neighborhood of 10,000 acres In the
section It can easily be seen that the ground
has not even been prospected yet.' There is
no question about the fact of gold being found
all over the ground : It is only a question : of
how to properly work It to obtain the fine
gold as well as the coarse. The dirt Is very
heavy with ; black sand so that no attempt - is
being made at present to save, anything but
the ccars* gold. Barstow is twenty miles from
the diggings.
There is a syndicate in Los Angeles, of
which the president Is reported to be a
wholesale merchant and several members
are connected with the banking business,
that has its origin in a scheme to fit out
a vessel to go to an Alaskan island to
mine for gold. . Thestory ; runs that a
sea captain (name not given) was ship
wrecked on: the island and there discov
ered that the sands were very rich. His
MINERS ARE NOW ORGANIZING
FOR WORK AT THE CONVENTION
FATHLE KIDNAPS HIS
CHTLD FROM ITURSE
George Gray Makes a Bold Move to
Get Possession of Sis Minor
Daughter.
Mrs. Madge Gray, who resides at 10DS
Pine etreet, called on Chief of Police Sul
livan at his office last night, and In an ex
cited manner asked him to send a de
tective with her to aid her in finding her
r.lne-year-old daughter Mildred, who had
been kidnaped by George Gray, the
child's father and divorced husband of
Mrs. Gray. In relating the story of the
loss of her chiid Mrs. Gray declared that
liildred was walking along Taylor street,
near Bush, at about 11 o'clock yesterday
morning. In company with her nurse,
when her father came along and took the
little one away. The nurse waited some
little time, and when Gray failed to return
searched about the vicinity for her
. charge, but could find no trace of her.
"She returned to the house, and reported
tbe matter to her employer. Mrs. Gray
at once set out to find her child, . and
pcoured the neighborhood until dark
without result. It was then that she re
ported the matter to the police.
George Gray is a member of the con
tracting firm of Gray Bros. Two years
•ago his wife obtained a divorce from
him, and was awarded the custody of the
two minor children, the oldest of which
Is Mildred.
Mr?. Gray will apply to the Superior
Court to-day to have her child restored
to her custody, and will endeavor to pros^
•*<rute her divorced husband for abduc
llon.
YOUNG GIRL DIES FROM
EFFECTS OF CHLOROFORM
Jennie McKown Succumbs to a Weak
Heart While Being Operated
Coroner Cole received a certificate yes
terday morning signed by Dr. Ralph Ad
dison Huntlngton, 574 Folsom street, that
Miss Jennie McKown. 2711 Sutter street,
had died at his office Saturday night from
chloroform. The Coroner refused to elgn
the certificate and notified Captain Sey
mour.
The captain detailed Detectives Wren
and Dinan to make an Investigation and
they reported that Miss McKown, who
was a stenographer, 21 years of age, had,
with the consent of her sister, Mrs. Bella
McCottrey, a trained nurse with whom
she resided, eone with her to Dr. Hun
tington's office Saturday night to have
an operation performed for a complaint
from which she had long suffered. Dr.
J. 1>. Hill. 1116 Sutter street, was called in
to assist in the operation. Chloroform
was administered to the patient and she
died, having, unknown to her sister, a
weak heart.
The detectives reported the facts to
Captain Saymour and he Instructed them
to take no further action in the matter.
The detectives could not find either Dr.
Huntlngton or Dr. Hill, but left word for
them to call at the Coroner's office and
explain the circumstances.
Drc. Huntington ani Hill called upon
Coroner Cole last evening and explained
the cause of death to him. The Coroner
at once ordered that an autopsy be held,
but said nothing about an Inquest.
prayer was chanted by, a quartet and
then A. Andrews, past grand sachem, re
cited an invocation. Dr. M. B. Ryer then
recited "There Is no Death" and " the
quartet sang "One by One."
The oration was delivered by F. D.
Brandon, grand sachem. In his remarks
he spoke of the purpose of the order, the
fellowship which It fostered and the mem-
orles which it aroused. He reviewed Its
history and its origin,- and he referred to
the men who had brought the order to
what It Is to-day. Though the services
were principally, for those who had gone
during the year, he said, still it was also
for those who had died since the order
sprang into existence, long before, the
Declaration of Independence waa signed.
He prayed that the spirits of the departed
THE "COUNCIL OF SORROW," WHERE THE RED MEN MOURNED FOR THE DEPARTED OF THEIR TRIBES.
THE GRAND SACHEM ADDRESSING THE WARRIORS AND PALEFACES ASSEMBLED TO JOIN IN THE
TRIBUTE OF RESPECT TO THOSE WHO HAVE PASSED AWAY. , •. •
2ABX.T MOKUHTG ROBBERY
O1T THE "WATER FBONT
{Two Sailors Pall Into Sands of
Thieves, One of Whom Is Cap
tured by Officer Flinn.
Two Bailors, named August Kaufer and
T. Trabolt, fell Into the hands of robbers
on the water front eexly yesterday morn
ing and as a result John J. Lloyd, who
claims to be a baker, has a charge of
robbery standing against his nama on the
Harbor station book, Trabolt accuses
L4oyd and his paL who escaped, of tak
lrg £> from him,
While the sailors were la the hands of
the thieves they cried out and Policemen
Kllim and HJghtower, who were petrol-
Ing their beats, gave chase to th« robbers,
who beat a hasty retreat. Fllnn captured
Lloyd, but the tatter's companion was lost
in the darkness, though Hlghtower fired
two shots to bring him to a halt. Lloyd
refused to Epeak about the affair. He had
d skeleton, key in his possession.
Kaufer Bays that he and Trabolt had
teen drinking: in some dancehall. where
they met Lloyd and his partner. Kauf
er exhibited a pistol, which was taken
away from him by some attache of the
place, who told him to Eecure a permit
from the police. Lloyd and his pal repre
sented Themselves as policemen and fol
lowed the sailors down Steuart street.
When they reached a dark place Lloyd
took out a little book, and pretending to
vrlte, ordered his pal to search the sail
ors. The crook took 55 from Trabolt. but
when he started to take his •watch the
sailors objected and gave the outcry
vh!c* brought the officers to the scene
jwd resulted In Lloyd's arrest.
IN pursuance of a custom recently In
augurated by the great chiefs of the
Red . Men. the local lodge held a
"Council of Sorrow"- yesterday In th»»
lodge ro.om on Post street. It Is the or
der of the great chiefs that once a ytear In
any place where there are two lodges of
Red Alen. a memorial service for those of
the order who have died during the year
shall be held. It was a service of this
kind that was held yesterday.
The large lodge room was crowded Ions
before the cervices were opened, and
every word of the speakers was followed
with an Interest that befitted the solem
nity of the occasion.
The services opened with an address
by Davis Louderback, past grand sachem.
He referred to the day and the occasion,
explaining the object of the services and
recalling those in whose memory it was
being held.
Following this address the Lord'3
V.
The development of a given play and
the lines of its action may be represented
with a considerable degree of accuracy
by a system of -graphical Illustration, In
those cases at least where the Interest of
the play is derived from a general course
of events and from the careers of indi
vidual actors in various stages of compli
cation. Character, being qualitative, is
not expressed with the same fairness as
plot by any scheme of line relation, but
Inasmuch as action In Shakespeare is
usually the outcome of character it will
be found that character and plot common
ly coincide and the line that develops
action is also the expression of character.
The advantage of a graphical illustration
lies in Its directness and vividness. It
conveys a good idea of the architecture,
so to speak, of the play, and is a decided
aid to the imagination. The entire action
of a play may be held before the mind and
the lines along which the character is
supposed, to be moving have the same
meaning to the student of the play as has
a map of a railroad to a train operator.
A manager knows by a glance at a chart
the location and movement of each one
of his trains at a given moment. In like
manner It Is possible to construct a chart
of a play so that the student can know the
location and condition of a player at any
point In the dramatic process. The de
fect of any system of graphics Is, of
course, that a map of any kind is a mere
approximation of only one aspect of
truth, the external, but as a map of a
country Is useful to an economist or so
ciologist so its counterpart in spiritual
geography may be serviceable for Inter
preting psychical facts.
A Shakespearean play is divided more
or less mechanically into five main divis
ions and these subdivided Into scenes. In
a plat of a play the smaller divisions may
be Ignored and the acts only defined. Five
uniform spaces may be used to represent
the arena or field of the action. These
acts correspond more or less closely with
the logical progress of the play. Take for
illustration the course of tragedy. Tra
gedy Is the history of unsuccessful strug
gle. It Involves at least two permanent
conditions — struggle and suffering. From
a state of equilibrium a condition of con
flict Is evolved. The play proceeds from
conflict to conflict and concludes with the
downfall of the hero. With the disappear
ance of disturbing elements equilibrium Is
again established. This process requires
beginning and conclusion. The first act
will be devoted, therefore, to the Intro
duction- of the characters in action and
the fifth to their disposition. Between
these two points runs the course of the
conflict. For conflict two forces are re
quired, a moving force and an opposing
force. If the play Is ethical In motive
these forces will relate to what is evil and
good. In the first part of the play the
evil plotters will be triumphant, but there
will come a moment when the opposing
force has gathered sufficient strength for
active opposition. Opposition creates the
climax. This would naturally occur In
the mechanical center of- the play and Its
display would be the function of the third
THIRTY SHAKESPEARE EVENINGS.
W}th the main tragic story Is woven
the secondary plot of Gloster. The par
allelism of the lines of Lear Indicates
the general correspondence of their weak
ness and destiny. Gloster Is credulous
crosses It In the storm scene and meets It
again when Lear is recovering from his
madness. Then Kent rises suddenly Into
good fortune, but as his fate Is linked so
closely to the King his life Is forfeit, al
though he himself is guiltless oi any
grievous error. The fool rises and falls
with his master, but the stress of the
storm Is too heavy for bis gentle nature.
and he disappears at the middle of the
third act, the first to feel the effects of a
disordered world. In the clearance of an
ethical atmosphere by storm the Just may
suffer equally with the unjust In the con
flict of the elements. Cordelia waa closer
to her father than the other daughters,
and doubtless special favor had beea
shown her, but through her stubborn re
fusal to acknowledge the King's whim at
the opening of the play she Is utterly ca»t
down from the ro'yal place, deprived of
estate and driven abroad with the King of
France. In an alien land, however, she
gathers forces for her return— as we lefwa
from the letter read by Kent when in the
stocks — and during the time the other
daughters are stripping from Lear tha
last vestiges of authority she becomes
the chief agent of counterplot. She Is
permitted to meet her father at tha last,
and witnesses his restoration. Although
the French forces are defeated, the tide
of affairs turns for Cordelia at the last,
but It is for a moment and she and Lear
go down to a common death. While th*
members of this group are suffering th*
consequences of Lear's Initial error th*
second group Is rising Into place and
power. A discordant and disordered stats
gives Cornwall and the sisters their op
portunity for advancement into full con
trol of the kingdom. Under such condi
tions they become despotic and cruel and
generate suspicion and Jealousy. Corn
wall, whose marriage with Regan brings
a sudden access of power, assumes lead
ership, and Is the special agent for evil
through the first acts, but with equal
speed Nemesis descends and Cornwall's
death at the hands of one of his own ser
vants.who had been touched with remorse,
marks the climax of the whole action at
the close of the third act. At that point
the dominion of evil begins to weaken
and the gods begin to take part In ad
justing the disordered kingdom. Albany's
rise is rapid like that of Cornwall, but un
like Cornwall he Is possessed of a »en»*
of Justice, and Is unable to enter Into bis
Queen's ambitions for usurpation. Ill*
line of destiny gradually withdraws from
the course of his group, and as the prin
cipal agent In thwarting the will of eri
doers and as -victor in the battle wltli
France, he Is made the deputy of all au
thority Inhering In the group and is one
of the two rulers who emerge Into the re
organized kingdom. Resan and Goneril
increase In authority and wickedness un
til the final stages of the play, when their
fate finds them out and they go down to
horrible death and punishment. Evil such
as theirs destroys itself, and their on
natural end Is what we should be led to
expect from the ethical condition* of the
play.
GRAPHIC METHOD IN ''SHAKESPEARE STUDY.
Copyright, 10OO
i- by Seymour Eaton-
-
" Council of Sorrow " Exercises Held in the Pres
ence of a Throng of Warriors arid Palefaces.
BERKELEY. Oct. 2S.-In spite of the
fact that yesterday's score against the
freshmen !s a modest 5 to 0, the Berkeley
football men feel as sore over their defeat
as if the figures wore many times multi
plied. This is due to the spirit of abso
lute confidence with which the blue and
gold went Into the game. And this over
corfidence. in the opinion of the col
legians to-day, was the chief reason for
the unexpected defeat of Its boasted
•'baby eleven."
The California men expected an easy
walk-over and talked glibly of repeating
the famous 44 to 0 victory, and, ,ln this
frame of mind, faced the Stanford eleven,
whom even its supporters looked to see
badly beaten. The fierce rushes of the
Palo Alto youngsters completely discon
certed the Berkeley boys, who lost their
heads, played wildly at times or relapsed
Into a paralyzed state of uselessness as
the Stanford backs kept pressing them
Irresistibly. The line, which had held
firmly In practice, fell to pieces; the
backs, in the defensive game they were
forced to play all the time, proved totally
inefficient at supporting their line.
The Berkeley men are chagrined be
cause belief is still strong that their team
had the power to defeat their rivals.
Stampeded before the remarkable and
unlooked for strength of their opponents,
the California colts forgot all that had
been drummed into them by their
coaches. They used no judgment in choos
ing their plays; they failed to show even
the remnants of team work; they weak
ened in every phase of their play; Only
once or twice did they rally enough to
show the stuff that was really in them.
Athletic experts at the university have
thus to say regarding the defeat:
"The best eleven won," said Colonel
George C. Edwards, chairman of the fac
ulty athletic committee. "Our defeat was
due to their superior team. work and to
bad fumbles which we made. Stanford
made its gains by short plunges through
the line. We made larger gains at times,
but were unable to keep the ball, owing
for the most part to fumbles. I did not
keep count, but I believe Stanford had
the ball four-nfths of the time. There is
no question about it. the best team won."
Walter E. Mage©, professor of physical
culture at the State University, said to
night:
"The reason we lost was that the boys
did not play the game they knew. The
youngsters were scared to death. No one
was to blame for defeat; it was a case
of stage fright. The Stanford boys were
also badly frightened, but we were Beared
to death." Physically the boys were all
right; there is no question about It, they
were Stanford's equal physically. Xo one
could find fault with their condition. The
Berkeley team had more attention this
year than was ever given a freshman
team before. It is my firm opinion that
this is the best freshman team. Individual
ly and collectively, ever turned out at the
university. I have watched this team
carefully and I have watched the teams
ever since football has been played here,
and I believe truly that this is the best
freshman team we have ever had. Any
one who has watched the freshmen prac
tice and the games they have played
against 6trong teams on the campus must
say that we have a strong team. But
with Stanford we got the worst of it, I
am sorry to say."
Blue and Gold Football Players Very
Much Cast Down by the Unex
pected Victory of Stan
ford Team.
Berkeley Athletic Experts
Tell Why the Fresh- ;
men Were Beaten.
OVERCOIFIDENCE
IS THEIR EXCUSE
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
1118 Broadway. Oct. 28.
To save herself from the brutality of
her Infuriated husband Mrs. Mary Xel
eon Jumped through a window at her
home, 1265 Twelfth street, and with her
•whree children, the youngest 3 years of
age and the oldest 9 years, following.
made her way to the police station to
zlsht for shelter. Bhe told Captain of Po
lice Peterson a story of cruelty and asked
to be Elven a place to sleep In the jail,
fearing to return to her home, from which
aha had fled to escape the beating and
clicking; her epouse had been administer
ing
Chris Kelson, the accused husband, is
* longshoreman. According to his wife's
story he became angered at her to-night
•ver a minor domestic difference. After
•oxn* words ha grabbed the helpless wo
man and tried to choice her Into submis
sion. While one hand clutched her
throat. Nelson used his free arm and
battered his wife about the head and face.
She strangled to break from his grasp.
and by a desperate effort managed to free
herself. Her terror-stricken children
rushed after their mother as she made
her way to the window as the nearest
and Quickest avenue of escape.
Mrs. Nelson declared that she had been
the victim of her husband's ill treatment
for dajrs, but to-night's assault was the
ugliest of all, and she did not dare to re
main la the house with him while he was
la his nxly mood. The police were sent
out to Investigate, and the woman and
her children were piven quarters In the
JaiL Mrs. Nelson did not want her hus
band arrested, fearing his vengeance If
Jae were put behind the bars.
Being Choked and
Beaten.
Seeks the Protection of the Police
for Self and Children After
Mrs. Mary Nelson Tells
Harrowing Tale of Hus
band's Cruelty.
JUMPS THROUGH
WINDOW TO ESCAPE
RED MEN REVERE MEMORY
OF DEPARTED BROTHERS
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, OCTOBER 29, 10OO.
"Upon.
THE CALL'S
HOME STUDY CIRCLE
9
GBAP2-NUTS.
MRS. RORER ON COMPLEXION.
2Jct a Hatter of Outward Application.
Mrs. Rorer answers, in the Ladles*
Home Journal, an inquirer about good
complexion, reciting that it can only come
from a healthy condition of the entire
fystem and that it is not a matter of
outward application, finishing with the
ttatement that "your food cannot pos-
eibJy agree with you if you have muscu-
lar rheumatism and a bad complexion."
It is a known fact that many people
ftil to properly digest the Bt arcn y P art
of bread and other food. Grape-Nuts (a
delightful breakfast food) aro made of
the grape .sugar which results from pre-
paring the starchy parts of the cereals, in
the same way artificially as the body
should do by natural processes. There
fore Grape-Nuts give one food all ready
for immediate assimilation Into blood
and tissue. They are ready prepared, re-
quire no cooking whatever and will b<j
found most valuable by Athlete, Brain
Worker or Invalid.
Bold by grocers.THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, OQTOBER 29, 1900.
10
SAX FRANCISCO CA'-L.
BUSINESS OFFICE of The Ban Francisco
Call, corner of Market and Third streets, open
until II o'clock every night In the year, i
BRANCH OFFICES— 527 Montgomery street,
corner Clay; opea until 8:30 p. m.
t93 Hayes street; open until 9: SO p. ra.
CS9 McAllister street; open until 9:30 p. m.
€15 Lerkin street; open until S:SO p. m.
1M1 Mission street; open until 10 p. m.
2261 Market street, corner | Sixteenth; open
c-tll 9 p. m.
106 Eleventh street; open until 9 p. m.
103E Valencia street: open until 9 p. m. !
North-rest corner Twenty-second — nd Ken-
tucky rtreetg; open until 9 p. m.
MEETING XOTICES.
GOLDEN GATlTcom— andery No. 1€. KL .-_
T. f Golden Gate building, €25 Sutter
et.— Special assembly THIS EVENING ftfg
at I o'clock. The order of the Temple ffio
¦will be conferred. All fraters are cour- Vr
teously invited.
RO15KRT MCMILLAN, Em. Com.
W2-. T. FOX DA. Recorder.
OCCIDENTAL Ixvige No. „. F. and A. B
M.— THIS (MONDAY) EVENING at ~/%_.
7:30 o'clock. Third degree. Master
Masons eorjia.l!y invited. By order of • ~^
the W. M. WALTER G. ANDERSON. Sec.
FIDELITY Lodce No. 120. P. and A. «
M.— Pp<»eial mating THI? (MONDAY) __#V_
'EVENING at 7 o'ciork. Th;:.! dei;r«*. 7_J?\
' Master Masons cordt-ily invited. By ' w i
crder cf ir.c W. *M.
FREDERICK BARRT. Secretary.^
KING SOLOMON'S Lodge N<r „<>, F. M
«nd A. M. . FTanklin Hall. Fillmore St.,
bet— i-een Bush a.nd Suiter — Third degree >%_»
THIS EVENING at 7::t> o'clock. 'V>
HARRY- BAEHR, Secretary.
BRITISH Benevolent Society— Grand corcert
by Mr. Henry Holmes. Sherman & Clay HaU,
October 29, 8 p. m. Tickets tU at M-r&h's.
214 Post «., or at of nee, 5« Battery. All
eeats reserved.
THE California Debris Commission, having re-
ceived applications to mine by the hydraulic
proc«-s_ from the Cataract and Wide West
Gravel Mlninir Co.. In the Wide West Gravel
Mine, rear Eho. Calavera* Co., to deposit
tailings In North Outlet and Prospect Gulch:
from H. Bleisrhter and Thomas Harper, In the
| S&a Francisco Mine, near Todd. Placer Co..
to deposit tailings In Dardanelles Canyon:
rro_3 Charles S. Deisen, In the Riffle Point
Mine, at Grass Flat. Sierra Co.. to deposit
tailings In Grass Flat Ravine; from George
Fit-gerald. In the Lone Star Mine, near Crom-
bers, Plumas Co.. to deposit taillng-s <n Jack-
son Creek; from O. A- and K. W. Brucker-
jt-e.", la the Renaissance Mine, near Howland
Fiat, Sierra Co.. to deposit tailings in a
vorked-out pit; from J. R. Bell and A. B.
Jacks. In the Badger Hill Mine, near Spanish
Ranch. Plumas Co., to deposit talllnes in
Whltlock Ravine: from W. T.- Sherman and
O. F. Caya. in the Last Chance Mine, near
Port Wine. Sierra Co.. to deposit tailings in
French Ravine: from C. N. Kingsbury. in the
Conger Gulch Gravel Mine, near Igo. Shasta
Co.. to deposit tailings in Dry Creek; from
Jona McGrath. in the Independent Mine, near
Bt. Louis. Sierra Co., to deposit tailings In
6eare Ravine, and from J. F. Cowdery. in
the Chanelerville Mine, near St. Louis, Sierra
Co.. to deposit taillnes In Sackets Gulch.
rives notice that a meeting will be held at
room E9. Flood building, San Francisco. CaL.
cn November O. l'.-W. at 1:30 p. m.
ALL can borrow money on silks, oil paintings
and bugjries from COLLATERAL BA.VK, 15
Grant ave.. near Market gt.
AGENTS WANTED.
AGENTS wanted: ladles or jrentlemec i In every
county and town on the Pacific Coast; can
easily make $-t0 a week; household Invention
that every one need*. For particulars ac>— ss
room EL 816 Market st.. San Francisco. Cal.
SHOW ycur colors; blow your cigrar and _— t
the dollars: 10c in f tamps peu samples se-
curely mailed and information. Arents Sup-
ply Co.. 1125 Market et.. S. F.
TO se!l campaign novelty; Roosevelt hat -badge;
large profits. WHITE & AVOEBKE. 8 Pine st.
ASPIIALTU3I HOOFING.
J. PELTIER, asphalt rooflng. sidewalks ; cellar
floors laid, repaired: postal. HSS Mission st.
ASTHOLOGY.
MME. HICKEY— Astrolcrlst; horoscopes. BOc;
card reading and r-LJcistry. 25c. 192? Mission.
ATTORNEYS AT L.AW.
B. W. KING, attorney at law, 827 Market St.,
room €27— Estates, damages, attachments,
bankruDtcy, collections; all cases; fair fees;
no advance charges; money loaned on estates.
ADVICE Tree; clvorce law a specialty; private;
no fee without success: collections. G. W.
HOWE, atty at law. S^O Market, cor. Stockton.
I. EDW. JARRETT. Hearst bldg.. Third and
Market Kts.: chone Red C2£2.
FREE advice; divorce laws, damages, estates,
collections. J. A. Mitchell, 314 Montgomery.
ADVICE free; no charge unless successful. TV.
W. r>avidson. ?27 Market St.. opp. Mason.
j_. S. CLARK. Emma Spreckels bldg.. 927 Mar-
ket St.: consultation free: no fees In advance
nATH CAUIXETS.
EjOBINSOX. Xiarara, Perfection and others.
W. S. BROWN CO.. agency. C6 Ellis ft.. S.F.
BICYCLES — For Sale or Exchange.
ALLHN Bells 1900 Columbia chainless $60: chain
J40; ordinary bicycles cheaper. 301 Larkin
6t. and 1S66 to 1S70 Page St.
BOARDING FOR, CUILDRE.V.
LADY with own home would like 1 or 2 small
. children, to board; good care. 3.18 16th st.
BUSINESS ClIANOES.
A— 6ALOON crpi hTu of JusticeT 3 years*
lease: low rent; splendid bargain; investigate
and buy at once; rare chance. Call R. O.
WILKE. 26fr Kearny st.
A— J2S0; RESTAURANT on Market St.; rent
K8; a good-paying place; sickness of wife
compels owner to sell. See R. G. WILKE,
_6»_ Kearny st. >
PAKTNER wanted, restaurant in Vallejo: fine
business: 40 steady boarders; good transient;
terms, J300 cash, easy installments of $200; In-
vestigation 6ollcite<J; cr owner will cell the
whole; a splendid chance. Call R. G.
WILKE. 20-fc Kearuy g_
A— $300; BUTCHER shop, with horse and cart.
In best location of Wester* Addition; place
established for years and doing a first-class
business; a splendid chance for any ~ an
_ CaU R. G. WILKE. 2CH Kearny st.
A— «l_50; SALOON with 10 furnished rooms:
close to Hall of Justice; place established
many years and doing a good business; owner
«3Kaged otherwise cause of sale; a bargain.
_ CaJl R. G. WILKE. -S^_ Kearny St. .
A— J300; DINING-ROOM and restaurant with
private lunch rooms In leading private hotel;
doee to O'Farrell and Mason; 30 steady
boarders ; a rare chance. Call R. G. WILKE.
26hi Kearny Ft.
A— 42000; LEADING saloon; located between
wholesale hf>usps. Insurance and mercantile
orficts; place f?fitabllshed 40 year*; known as
one of the be*t whisky bars in this city. Call
R. Q. WILKE. 2CV_ Kean ly st.
A— ISO; SALOON and boarding-house with 10
¦ furnished rocms on water front; rent t40; 2
years' lease; a good business. See R. G.
WILKE. 2CH Kearny st.
A— J2-0; CORNER saloon In wholesale district;
place estab. veare: good paying: no night or
Sunday work. II O. WILKE. 26M Kearny «t.
A— 1250: CIGAR etore with 4 rooms; rent $25:
place clearing $75 per month. R. G. WILKE
__«_ Keamy st.
A-BRAA'CH bakery, candy, notions, groceries.
" at a sacrifice; fine location: good stock and
•.fixture*; 4 living rooms. Lane & Co., S65 Mkt.
JT'i^STATIONERY etore; fin* location: large
etock; nice fixture!": splendid business; 2 rms.;
bargain. We have a large list of good business
places of all kinds. Lane _ Co., S£5 Market.
SALOON in wholesale district; rent $50; good
comer; doing a good business; price (300.
SCHWEINHARD _ CO.. SIT Market Bt.. bet.
Fifth and Sixth; phone Mint 1S_.
t3y>— FRUIT etore; I furnished rooms; receipts
Hi per d&y: good horse and wagon; full value
in sight. McLAUGHLIN. Tn Market et.
|4«f-CHICKEN business; 400 chickens; tools;
horse: 2 wagocs; rent S1I mo. Baslle, 3 Eddy.
fCC— RESTAL'RANT; flae morning and evening
trade; in complete running order; present
owner 4 years; investigate. 233 Sixth st.
EARNERS— 3-chair shop for sale; account go-
lng Ka-t. 14 Turk gt.
SALOON for Bale: opposite the ferry. Apply
Hi East St., north of Market; no agenta.
H0.005— SOUND Investment; one of the best-
paring merchandise businesses In Oakland;
established for years; safe and profitable In-
vertroent: half cash, balance In property. E.
E. BUXCE. 9&? Broadway. Oakland.
HALF Interest In restaurant and coffee house,
41S Market ct.; grand offer; for right man;
' serving GOO for lunch; small rent; everything-
new; trial allowed for investigation.
FOR sale — First-class hotel of 86 rooms; pays
25 percent on Investment ; call next wyek, Jje-
tneen 10 and 11; only responsible parties need
apply. 13>T Polk st. .
fx3R sale— Cigar stand near theaters; positive
sacrifice: new stock and fixtures. Particulars
Inquire Hall wood Cash Register. 1329 Market.
EXSTAURANT and chicken ranch, both In
pood running order: Incubators and brooders.
Inquire 2137« Center gt.. East Berkeley.
BARGAIN— Loiur-establlshed paint shop for
•tie; fwd location. Call et 3J06 PoweU _t,
IIUSIXCSS CII AXCKS— CONTINUED.
A— ROOMING-HOUSE; fine location; bargain
this day. Bee COWING & CO.. 719 Market st.
A— SHOE store; good location: clears $500 to $600
mo. ; bargain. COWING A CO., 719 Market st.
A— GROCERY and bar; best ever offered for
sale. COWING & CO.. 719 Market st.
A— SALOON downtown: money maker: come
. quick. COWING & CO.. 719 Market st.
A— SODA water business ror one-half its value;
sickness. COWING & CO.. 719 Market at.
A— LIVERY and boarding stable; park location;
good chance. COWING & CO.. 719 Market St.
A— FLUMBIKO shop: fine location: snap for
good man. COWING & CO.. 719 Market st.
A-RESTAURANT In best part of city; must
be cold this day. COWING. 719 Market st.
A— $500: PARTNER wanted In coffee and choo
house: Incoming partner will be required to
attend cash counter; no experience necessary;
owner has two places; fine trade; trial given
to parties meaning business; no agents. Box
3S12. Call office. '
WANTED— Promoter who can organize a stock
company; no cheap person wanted. Address.
box 4120, Call office^
STATIONERY and notion store for sale; three
living rooms; laundry offlce; no acecte. ilO
Turk st. _______
MARK STT.OUSE'S Bay City Market will be
! sold st public auction MONDAY. October 29.
1900. at 12 o'clock noon, at premises. 113S-114G
Market St.
OYSTER and chop house; well fitted up; 2 fur-
nished rooms: doing good business; going
East; no agents. %2 Third st.
LAIJY wants partner with some means In pay-
I ing bueintsp; security for cash Invested. Call
I cr address ?44 Mission st.
GROCERY »nrt bar In good location; etock in
right for full purchase price. W. L. HAR-
1 riCR. 212 Examiner building.
i FOR eal?-$C0G: fine restaurant on K et.; good
j patronage; terms reasonable. Address R.,
I P. O. box JSO. Eacramento. Cal.
! GOOD-PAYING business for sale In a flourish-
i Ing town. Address C. M. W., 502 Virginia St.,
Vallejo. Cal.
FINE large etore to let on O'Farrell Bt.. near
Powell; suitable for any business; cheap rent.
Apply at 15 Grant ave.
A BARGAIN; corner grocery, with bar; cash
business: Mission district; no agents; terms
cash; investigation invited. Box 41S3, Call.
! FINE location for shoe store: no oi<t>osition:
j flxturvn complete: 4 rocms. Northeast corner
I Clement st. and Third ave.: Sutro oars pass.
CIGAR store for sale; good location; fine fix-
tures. Apply 28 Eddy st.
I tlO MADE r^r week: professlm taught, *_i.
Particulars 621 Larkin gt. : eall in evening.
I $500— BRANCH bakery, candy, cigar?, notions,
stationery: near transfer corner, 2S4 Valencia.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Fillmore gt.
A BRANCH offlce for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096
Valencia st.
LODGIXG-UOl'SES FOIt SALIC.
b ROOMS, well furnished $300
1U rooms, a little money maker 575
14 rooms. Income $125. cash only 6JO
15 rooms good location, very cheap at... 80O
45 rms., fain, hotel, clears $450 mo., cash.. 3500
E5 rooms, splendid comer 3000
110 rooms, best house in city, offers wanted.
Caj=h or easy payments. Bargains for &U.
HAYES & WILSON. XX Market (The Elite).
11-ROOM house; south Market st. ; must sell
to-day; a snap; $210. HAYES & WILSON.
S2S Market st. (The EliteV
~ M. GRIFFIN.
719 Market ct.. room 1. near Call building.
Downtown flat, rent IS, elegant fur $250
14 rooms, full, rent $4», snap 350
SO rooms, rent $100. Income $229. all men.. 1700
3? roome' new hard wood, central corner.. 1800
;« roome. always full, rent $S5 9oO
Abstract free. Money to loan at lowest rate.
15 ROOMS; rent $27 50 (cheap) $450
2>'< rooms; rent $C0 (corner) 600
15 rooms; rent $60 (central) 900
90 rooms; rent $100 (paying) 2700
CO room*; rent J2S0 (Market) ooOO
Large list of houses. Money loaned buyers
at 2 per cent. SCHWEINHARD & CO.,
Phone Mint 1911. 917 Market, bet. 5th and Cth.
BARGAINS to-<?ay; come early.
House of 8 rooms: $300: Howard St.
House of 70 rooms; 53*00.
House 36 rooms; Golden Gate; $1600.
House 10 rooms; $600; must be sold to-day.
House of 18 rooms: $500.
House 34 rooms; Geary: $3500.
NATIONAL REAL ESTATE CO.. 3 Eddy St.
A— 22-ROOM rooming house; central $1000
20-room house;. first class 1050
ll-room houee; $475; 6-room flat 325
20- room house; Eddy: rent $75; only 900
FISHER & CO*. 1032 Market at.
CHEAPEST and best In America— The Weekly
Call. 16 pages, sent to any address In the
United States or Canada one year for $1.
CARRIAGES AXD WAGONS.
"ALL kinds of — agons. buggies, carts, harness,
etc. cheap. EGAN & SON. 2117 Mission st.
AN A No. 1 express wagon, single, also light
camping wagon, for sale cheap. E32 Mission.
NEW & 2d-hand wagons, buggies, carts & har-
ness. work & driving horses. 15th fc Valencia.
SPIRITUALISM.
ARRIVED— Mrs. Dr. Farnham, world-renowned
spiritual medium: advice In all affairs of life,
lawsuits, divorces, deaths; unites the sepa-
rated; mining a specialty; cirs.Sun.,Wed.,Fri.
ev's: come and be convinced. (Permanently)
513 Eddy St.. bet. Hyde and Larkin: no elgn.
CONSULT Watson, 15S1 Mkt. nr. 12th; famous
medium and palmist: edvice infallible; 25c up.
FRIENDSHIP Hall, 335 McAllister— Mrs. C. J.
Meyer, sittings; convincing tests to-night; 10c.
i BUSINESS medium. 2308 Otis St.. bet. Mason &
j Russell. Ashby sta.. S. Berkeley; git. dally.
MRS. LESTER, medium and palmist. £21 Turk
St.; circles Sun., Tues., Fri.. 8 p. m., 25c.
EDWARD EARLE. psychic, . 128 Powell St.;
hours. 9 to S; Sunday at K. of P. Hall.
MME. MAJORS, gifted splrtual medium,
healer and card reader. 1*2 Sixth St., room 1.
MRS. J. J. WHITNEY, clairvoyant, test, busi-
ness medium, life reader: sittings $1. 1104 Mkt.
CLAIRVOYANTS.
MME. PORTER, wonderful clairvoyant & card
reader, born with double veil & second sight;
diagnoses disease with life re&dlro;: ladles
SCc, gent $1: palm and clalr. sit $1 50. 126 Turk.
ISMAR, the Egyptian fO'Psy clairvoyant and
palmist, permanently located 1143 Market, opp.
«th; private readings dally, 10 a, m. to 5 p. m.'
MRS. J. LYTTON. clairvoyant and card reader;
readings, 50c; sitting, $1; every afternoon ex-
cept Sunday. 110 Turk St.: no sign.
• JUST returned. MRS. E. L. DAVIS, clalrvoy-
! ant, card reader; mental questions answered;
ladies, 25c;' gents, 50c 34 Sixth St., room 6.
MRS. E. SANDERS. 514 Taylor St.. near Geary
— Clairvoyant, palmist and business medium;
ladios" circle Thurs.. 2 p. m. ; Fri.. 8; dr.. _5c.
MME. BERNARD, reads life fluently; advice
given in all affairs in life; satisfaction guar-
I anteed: 25c up. 17 Third St., next Hxamlner.
{ MRS. CAMERON, clairvoyant, card reader,
trance medium; 25c up.S2!Mlssion st. ;ring bell.
' MME. HANSON, palmistry, card reader; past,
present, future. 25c. 148 Sixth St.. room 14.
MME. SCHAFFER. clairvoyant, card reader;
Blttlrrs dally. 448% Jessie st. ¦
MRS. MELVILLE, well-known clairvoyant. wa-
ter reader, moved to 11 Sixth; German spoken.
MME. ZERKDA, the gypsy, is the great' palm-
ist and card reader; 25c and 50c. 7 Seventh.
MRS. E. M. DUVAL. clairvoyant and business
n-.edlum. 425 Golden Gate ave. T
MME. AUGUST, clairvoyant, card reader and
[almlstry; truth or no pay; 25c. 1149 Mission.
MME. RAVENNA reads life fluently: business
advice: names given: 25c up. 6 Fourth st.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The Weekly Call,
16 pages. In wrapper, for mailing. $1 per year.
CARPET BEATIXO AXD CLEANING.
STANDARD, 21S Guerrero— Curtains and blan-
kets renovated, 25c per pair; carpets cleaned,
3c yd; laying a specialty. Phone Mission 106.
WHEN you become disgusted with poor work
ttend to PPAULDING'S Pioneer Carpet-Beat-
ing Works. S53--57 Tehama st.; tel. South 40.
CARPETS cleaned at 3c per yard, laid at 5c.
STRATTOX'B. . Eighth Bt.; tel. Jessie 944.
J. E. MITCHELL. Carpet-Beating and Reno-
vatlng Co.. 240 Fourteenth St.: teL Mission 74.
CITY Steam Carpet-Beating Works. • . O. H.
STEVENS, mgr.. 38-40 8th st; tel. South 250.
ADVANCE Carpet Cleaning Co.V 402 Sutter St.;
tel Main 391. CEO. WALCOM. proprietor.
CONKLIN'S Carpet-Beating Works. 333 Golden
Gate ave.; telephone East 121-
CHIROPODISTS.
BUNIONS, Ingrown nails, corns, absolute cure.
painless; consulfnfree. Dr. Duncan. 415 Sutter.
_ . COLLECTIOM OFFICES.
GEORGE W. KELLY'S Agency— No charge uaZ
less successful. Room 310. 927 Market st.
COTTAGES TO -ET. "
$10— COTTAGE S sunny rooms; : yard ; ¦' water.
l$i Beet *v»., between' Cough aad OcUtIi.
DENTISTS.
AT toeELECrrRO^DENTAL Tci_INI<_C 809 "j_a£
ket st., cor. 4th, rm. 7, Flood bldg., you can
have your extractions done painlessly; teeth
without plates our specialty; gold crowns,
53 JO up; plates, extractions free. $4 60 up; of-
flce hours. 9 a. m. to 10 p. m. ; Sundays. 9 to 2
I p. m. G. W. WILLIAMSON. M." D., Manager.
EIGHT prizes for best crowns, plates, bridges
and fillings; extractions or fillings by my won-
derful secret, painless method; 20 years' ex-
perience; no students; advice "free; - prices
cheapest and guaranteed; lady attendants.
DR. GEORGE W. LEEK. 20 O'Farrell Bt
A NEW plate, the unbreakable Rose Pearl,
warranted for 20 years; crowns and bridge-
work;, teeth without a plate; fillings, ,.: 504;
crowns, $3 50; plates, full get, '$5 00; all work
painless and warranted. Chicago Dental Par-
fors, 24 Sixth st. y .. '
"MAIN Office" New York Dental Parlors. 1019
Market St., bet. Sixth and Seventh; consult
us on crowns and bridges; teeth extracted
positively and absolutely without pain.
DR. LCDLUM HILL. H« Market, nr. Eleventh
— No charge for extracting when plates are
matle; ohl plates made over like new; teeth
¦ from $8 per set; extracting. DOc;. gas given.
LOWEST prices charged for conscientious work
executed by graduate dentists at Standard
Dental Parlors, r. E4. Murphy bldg.. 1236 Mkt.
PARIS Dental Parlor. 235 Kearny, cor. Bush-
Full set of teeth, $4; crowns. $3: fillings, 25o.
LOWKST price* In 8. F.; palnlehs extraction!
¦ 50c. New York n^ntiEts. 3.» Mission, cor. 6th.
VAN VROOM— "Painless"; evenings and Sun-
days. U01 M.trket st.. corner Sixth.
SET of tectl; without plate. DR. H. G. YOUNG
1S41 Polk st. - '
DOG HOSPITALS, i
DR. EUZARD'S dog hospltaX^MtT^illmore—
Advice and medicine, 75c: city visits, $1 50: all
animals treated: dogs boarded. Tel. West G36.
»HESSM A IvKKS AXD SEAMSTRESSES
FAIRFIELD'S Millinery Academy; call and ex>
-mine work; send for circular. ¦ 1236 Market.
ACCORDION pleating factory; all kinds pleat-
Ing, pinking. 121 Post.overO'Connor&Moffatt.
McDOWELL Dressmaking and Millinery School;
private clats; patterns cut. 1019 Market -t.
S. F. Dressir.akincr. Ladles' Tailoring and Mil-
linery School; French system. 411 Van Ness.
DOBS BROS.' tailor system taught. 10 Metcalf
place, near Mason, off Gfiary. -.
EDUCATIOXAL.
(TaLLAGHER-MARSH College, Pam>tt'Blds^
Shorthand, typing and bookkeeping; Robert F.
Gallagher, expert court reporter, teacher of
shorthand; reportorlal phrasing taught; prac-
tical bookkeeping: full course. $J0; catalogue.
HEALD'S BUSINESS COLLEGE, 24 Post St..
S. F.— Bookkeeping, Fhorthand, typing, lan-
guages, telegraphy. English branches, civil,
electrical and mining engineering, etc. ; day
and night sessions; new SO- page catalogue free.
A— THE LYCEUM, an accredited preparatory
pchool for the university, law and medical
colleges: references. President Jordan or any
Stanford professor. Phelan building.
AYRES 1 Business College, 723 Market St.; day
and evening; Individual Instruction. $8 per
month; life scholarship, $50: bookkeeplru?,
shorthand, telagraphy. etc.; catalogue free.
SPANISH classes day and evening, 305 Larkin
ct., cor. McAllister; 4 lessons a week, $3 a
month; also private. PROF.F. M. VIZCAINO.
BOOKKEEPING, free trial; private lessons; 8
mos. in college not equal to 8 wks. with me;
tI5. TARR. expert accnt.. .20 Parrott bldg.
MISS M. G. BARRETT. Shorthand Academy;
lessons by mall: acknowledged by official re-
porters best teacher, best system. 302 Montgy.
ALL students but two taking full course this
year got positions." SAN FRANCISCO BUSI-
XESS COLLISGE. 1236 Market St.
ENGINEERING, civil, elec, mining, mech., sur-
vey, assay, cyanide, arch. : day, eve. : est. 1864.
VAN PER NAILLEN SCHOOL. 933 Market.
FRENCH, Spanish, etc. Prof. DeFllippe'sAcademy
of LanRuaRes,320 Post ;establd.l871 ;ablest profs.
SPANISH— Dally lessons. $1 a week; 4 to 9 p.
m.; room 42. fourth floor. Parrott building.
SPANISH. French. German, singing, piano, S2
mo. ; hours. 2-4, 6-8. 1236 Market, rms. 119-117.
MUNSON School Shorthand. Typing, Bookkeep-
ing, Spanish. 137 Mont'y, E. M. Carpenter, pr.
MR. and MRS. D. MANSFIELD, music studio;
violin, guitar, mandolin, banjo. 1S36 Eddy st.
ILLUSTRATION-PARTINGTON'S DAY and
ILLUSTRATION— Night class. 424 Pine st.
CALIFORNIA Business College is again en-
larging quarters. Come see us, 306 Larkin st.
ARITHMETIC, bookkeeping, grammar, writing,
etc., day or eve. ; $5 mo. 1024 Mission, nr. 6th.
CHEAPEST and best In America— The Weekly
Call. 16 pages, sent to any address In the
United States or Canada one year for $1.
EMPLOY3I1_.\T OFFICES.
A — JAPANESE and Chinese employment con-'
tractor; estab. over 10 years; all kinds help.
421 Post Bt., near Powell; telephone Bush 135.
JAPANESE and Chinese Employment Offlce;
best help furn.; tel. John 212L 806V. Stockton.
FRED WAMA-TS, Japanese, Chinese contractor;
emp. office. 644 California; tel. James 2001.
RELL.A.BLE Japanese-Chinese employment of-
fice; all kinds help. 315 Stockton; Main 51S8.
JAPANESE Housecleaning Co.— Waiters, cooks,
dishwashers; est. 1830. 1026 Oak; tel. Page 647.
UNION Japanese-Chinese emp. offlce— Best help
furn.; domestic serv. 417 Powell; tel. Bush 376.
ORPHEUM Employment Offlce — Japanese. Chi-
nese help. 426 Powell, nr. Sutter; tel. Black5072.
CHINESE and Japanese. Employment Offlce—
Best help. 411H O'Farrell St.; tel. East 428.
EMPLOYMENT WASTED FEMALK.
A— FIRST CLASS Swedish cook desires bUaT-
atlon; Swedish laundress; colored housework
s;Irl; a first-clae* infant's nurse; French
chambermaid and seamstress; also a woman
with a child, good cook and houseworker;
references. MISS CULLEX, 325 Sutterjst.
A— FIRST-CLASS cook wants a situation; un-
derstands American and English cooking in
all its branches; best of references. MISS
CULLEN. 325 Sutter st.
GERMAN cook and helper want places to-
gether in hotel or boarding-house;, city or
country; can do any kind of cooking, 212
Natoma St., besament.
EXPERIENCED young . girl wishes position;
cooking or housework; good cook; references.
225 Dorland st.. between Church and Sanchez,
near Eighteenth. :^j -,;:-.
RESPECTABLE woman with girl. 5 years old
wants housework or chamber work In room-
ing house: references; no triflers; wages $10.
744 Howard st.
SITUATION wanted by an experienced girl to
do housework and cooking. Apply at 2614V.
Sutter 5t.. afternoons. .
EXPERIENCED dressmaker wishes ! a few
more engagements by the day or take work
home. 792 Harrison st.
RELIABLE German woman wishes situation to
take care of sick or invalid lady: Box 3853,
Call office^ / .
NEAT young girl wants general housework
and plain cooking. Please call at 965 Oak st.
GIRL wishes to mind one ualiy only or light
. housework: no oooking. Box 41S8, Call offlce.
EXPERIENCED second girl wishes place; good
waitress; plain sewing. F. G., 1022 Larkin st.
YOUNG girl wishes light housework; small
family. 1725 Scott st.
WANTED— By thorough business woman, posi-
tion to Introduce to the trade a specialty of
merit; or position of trust; excellent business
references. Address Capable, 713 Shrader st.
COMPETENT nurse wants position caring for
invalid or infant: confinement cases a spe-
cialty; prices reasonable. Call or address 228
Eleventh st. ' ". ;
POSITION wanted by an experienced lady as
cashier and saleslady In restaurant and bak-
ery: can furnish references. M. II., 204 2d st.
A SWEDISH girl of experience: cook and
housework; city references; call from 10 to 5.
1050 Howard st.. room 9. ,
POSITION as housekeeper .wanted by a young
woman; con give best of references. Address
box 3813, Call offlce.
YOUNG woman wishes position to do house-
work and plain 'cooking. 1020 Howard St.,
bttween Sixth and Seventh.
MIDDLE-AGED woman speaking ; French well
' dtrires situation -for cooking and housework;
references at present situation. 1900 Devlsa-
dero et.. cor." Pine. - • - ¦ \ ¦'¦ ;-¦ v
FIRST-CLASS Swedish cook wants a position
In private > family; wages $30 to $35. Please
call 12SG Bush st.
MOTHER and daughter would like a few of-
fices . to clean, houaecleaning or ' any j kind of
. work forenoons. Box : 3S20, Call • office. -; ,
FRENCH -teacher desires position as visiting
governess,' companion or teaching; references.
Box 3819. Call office.' ¦ .
POSITION as governess or housekeeper In fam-
ily; English and German spoken.- Call or ad-
dreg__I8S- Mission St., bet. 2 and 4 p. m.
BORROW on diamonds; perfect secrecy; "pri-
vate entrance. UNCLE HARRIS, 15 Grant av.
WINCHESTER House, 44 Third St.. near Mar-
ket— 200 . rooms; 25o to $1 SO night, $1 50 to > $6
week ; convenient : and respectable ; free . ,' bus
and baggage to and from , ferry.
A BRANCH offlce for Call advertisements and
subscriptions - has been ¦ established at :.- 103f
.Valencia -t. . . —
.JEMPLOVMENT ' WAWTEP-^MAIJB. '£
RESPECTABLE young man with excellent ref-
erences.Meavlng employ of New 'York' million-
aire, will arrive in California Nov.; 6; experi-
enced stable manager, coachman, etc. ; can
lay out pleasure grounds, lawns, drives, or any
. responsible position considered. Address .terms
to G. F. W., gen, delivery. San Francisco P.O.
GERMAN grocery clerk and barkeeper, or to
work as Janitor and . porter, wishes a situa-
tion; first-class references. W. BOHL1NG,
417. Kearny st. - • '-.-"'¦
PAINTER. and decorator, flrst-class. non-union
man. desires steady* or long job; willing to
work cheap If steady work can be had.
Painter, box 4143. Call office. ¦ -
A MAN, 46 years, reads and writes the English
and speaks Spanish, Portuguese and the Ital-
ian languages, has experience of 6 years in
clothing business, 12 years' experience in
liquor business as bartended. 5 years' experi-
ence In cigar and candy business. 5 years ex-
perience In poolroom, strictly, temperate,
would l}ke Job In any line of business; 3
months from the East; bonds if required.
I _Box 4116, Call. "
1 COACHMAN or groom; one who thoroughly un-
derstands the care of carriage and roadster
horses and fine harness; does his own clip-
plr.g and trimming; good reference. Box
4123. Call: .
YOUNG man.' well educated in English and
German, desires (Kisltlon of any kind; reier-
ences and security given. J. SHILLING. 15S1
Valencia . st- -
COACHMAN, flrst-olass all-around man; can
d9_'gan-_ning/or milking It necessary, thor-
ouf-hly competent; city and country refer-
ernees. Box 4122, Call. ¦
YOUNG handy man wants position as porter;
understands I gardening work, . or to go as
nurse In private family; best reference. Box
3S29. Call offlce. - - ' - -
?J CO, 000 TO loan on diamonds*, ¦ watches, silver,
sealskins, pianos, guns. UNCLE HARRIS,
15 Grant ave. .
FIRST-CLASS coachman and gardener: compe-
tent In every respect; sober and reliable man;
best city refs. Address G. W.. 825 Mission st.
YGUNG man, 33, educated business experience,
sober, reliable, wants situation as manager,
salesman or clerk. Box 3814. Call office.
MIDDLE-AGED man, having had 3 years' ex-
perlence at painting, wishes work. Address
FRANK WILSON. 1-4 Sixth St.. room 23.
MIDDLE-AGED good hotel waiter desires
steady position. Address H. KIEHL. New
Atlantic Hotel. 207 Montgomery- ave.
RELIABLE young man wants work In whole-
pale or retail store as porter or teamster; un-
derstands packing: reference. Box 4127. Call.
GENTLEMAN desires position as coachman;
understands business thoroughly; good reler-
ences. Box 3S23. Call offlce.
YOUNG man, first-class stenographer, started
Etudying law,- desires position in law offlce;
will leave city. Address box ?S21, Call offlce.
A FIRST-CLASS gardener wants position on
place: city or country; best of references.
Box 2798, Call. ¦ - ¦ -
YOUNG man. understands placer mining and
office work, wants position. Box 3835, Call.
BOY wants position on Saturday in drug store.
Box 3S34. Call office. '
STATIONARY engineer wishes position. Ad-
dress box 3S30. Call office^ ¦ '
PRIVATE secretary desires engagement. Ad-
dress Traveler, box 4115, CalU ,
• BUTCHER, young man, would like situation in
shop or drive wagon. 830 Mission st.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received -t Call branch office. 2200 Fillmore st.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 10!W
Valencia st.
EXPERT "OPTICIANS. ¦_
EYES examined free: spectacles properly ad-
Justed. N. Manasse. oculist optician. 910 Mkt.
FINANCIAL.
IF you have stocks or bonds of any kind for
sale call or addresB PACIFIC COAST UN-
DERWRITING CO.. 504 Parrott building.
FLATS TO LET.
DOLORES St., between Twenty-third and
Twenty-fourth; fine fiat of 7 rooms and bath;
key there. Apply to C. S. CAPP & CO.. Real
Estate Agents, 630 Market Bt.
A— SNAP; 2Sjozy flats of 2 rooms; 10 days free;
$9 per month. 65CA and 6S0C Jessie st.
A SUNNY flat, 4 rooms and bath; newly tinted
and painted; large basement; $14. 35 Langton.
A 4-ROOM lower flat, yard, $10. 42 Rubs St..
bet. Sixth and Seventh, near Mission. •
FLAT 6 rooms and bath. 2223^ Mission St.,
between Eighteenth and -Nineteenth.
FLATS 5 a"nd 6 rooms; sunny; fine view; large
. yard. 707 Stockton Bt.
FLAT with 6 rooms and bath; rent $22. 631
McAllister St.
IF you want to move get printed list flats to let
from BALDWIN & HOWELL. 10 Montgomery.
LOWER Bunny 6-room flat, NE. corner Jackson
and Larkin; vacant Nov. 1; rent $30. Inquire
1SC6 Larkin st.
MONEY advanced on articles ; of ' all ' descrip-
tions, from $1 to $1000. at UNCLE HARRIS';
15 Grant ave. '
SUNNY flat, 4 rooms. 210 Willow ave., above
Van Ness. *
UPPER flat. 5 nice sunny rooms; large cellar;
rent reasonable. 710^_ Clementina st.
5 SUNNY rooms; 900 Bryant st., cor. Seventh;
cheap; apply corner, bet. 1 and 3 p. m.
$7 — 4-ROOM flats on Victor St.. off Bryant, bet.
"th and 8th. Inquire at grocery. 041 Brvant.
! $10—4 SUNNY rooms. 257 Dore St., bet. Ninth
j and Tenth sts., off Harrison.
j $18— UPPER bay- window flat, 6 rms.. bath; fine
| view. 1059 Broadway, bet. Taylor and Jones.
i —1^ — —-—----—--—-» -—-—-— -— - -——-———--———- -— -—-_-_-_»
PLATS WANTED.
A— NOTICE: owners attention! We guarantee
to rent gocd houses and flats In three to fif-
teen days. A. M. SPECK & CO.. 667 Market.
FURMTURK FOR SALE.
4 ROOMS furnished in oak for $4S 60, with No.
7 range. King Furniture Co., 1127-1131 Mar-
ket et. : telephone South 6S7.
FURNITURE WASTED.
CHAS. LEVY buys your furniture, carpets,
pianos, etc. 1135 Market st; tel. Jessie 761.
A. WOLLPERT, 773 Mission St., pays highest
price for second-hand furniture; tel. Red 1354.
ALWAYS 'phone John 1041 before selling your
furniture. Standard Furn. Co.. 745 Mission.
Auctioneer— L. Vincent, 1305 Larkin; tel Polk 691.
furniture & furn'd houses bought: spot ' cash.
W. E. CODY (late with J. T. Terry & Co.), buys
furniture, carpetB. 757 Mission; tel. Red 3353.
HELP v. ANTED— FEMALE.
C. R. HANSEN & CO.. ...... ..Phone Granr_85
•• HOTEL DEPARTMENT
4 walt<-<»sses, first-class cafe, country, $25 and
$i0; 2 waitresses, city, $20; 8 waitresses, dif-
ferent commercial hotcie, $20; 4 chamber-
... maids. Southern California, $20; 2 chamber-
maids to wait. $20;. chambermaid to wait,
country. $20; woman cook, $30.. ..;.....
...... FAMILY DEPARTMENT
Woman with a child, country. $15. see party
here 9:30 Monday; Invalid's nurse. Alameda.
$20; houseglrls. Modesto, Oakdale, Berkeley,
Jj™. Willows. Fresno. Santa Cru_, $15 to
J->. r.O housegirls, city, going wages;' young
nurse_:Irl. care of 2 children, references. C.
R. HANSEN & CO.. 104 Geary st.
A— NURSE for Institution, $25; a housekeeper
for an institution,, must understand- music,
¦$25. see party here 11 o'clock; cook, $35; two
cooks, $30 and $25; three second girls for Oak-
lar.d. $2Ti each ; two second girls, , city, $25
each. MRS. NORTON. 313 Sutter 8t.
WANTED— For. a small family, a good cook;
general housekeeping. Apply between 10 and
11. a. -m. at 1453 Franklin eL ,
SMART young girl to learn to be a medium;
willing to travel with professional man.
>V rite to box 3874. Call of flee.
GIRL to assist in light housework. Call at
4115 Twentieth st., between Castro and Noe,
¦ after 10 o'clock.
APPRENTICES for dressmaking; paid while
. learning. 121 Post gf, room 49.
YOUNG girl to assist In housework and care
of children. Call at 826B Fulton st
FINISHERS on 'custom coat3 wanted; steady
work. 3ot Tehama st. .
STRONG girl understanding cooking and house-
¦' work. -317 Larkin st.; r ->.:¦.
FIRST-CLASS finisher on pants wanted at 935
Market Et.. room 16. • . . -
N S AT - KlrI t0 assIs t with ; second ' t|ork. 1916
Paclflc ave.. between 9 and, 12.
GIRL for light housework; wages . $10 to $12.
Apply 1S54 Grove St. ;- .
COOK; also upstairs work; mother and daugh*
Mer or 2 sisters. -1605 Laguna' st/
YOUNG v ladjr> '¦' "fined and j with business abil-
.v lty. Call after 9:30 a. m.. rm. 5. 113 Stockton.
YOUNG German girl : to assist . in light house-
. work. 691 . McAllister st. ; v; ..;.-.;. : '
PANTS finishers: steady work. 858 Howard St.,
, bet. 4th and 6th. ' over handball court. ; ¦'/-
WANTED— A I woman to work in kitchen. 136
i Second st.
WAIST finisher and Improver. 2014 Sutter st.
GIRL". for ¦ light ¦ housework- and ' cooking, two
, .to - : family. , 2901 Jacksonv aw « ' . V '; b .
- HELP WANTED— FE____I__V
GIRL to assist with housework; small family;
\pleasant home; $10 to $12. 614 Eddy at.
GIRL for general housework. Call between »
, ..- and 11 a. m.. 'Xi3 Bryant st.. near 25th.
WANTED— Young t woman in French family.
612 Hampshire at., between 18th and 19th.
COMPETENT cook limited housework; Scandl-
navlan preferred; references. 1909 Paclflc ave.
YOUNG-, woman, neat and reliable, for chll-
; dren/s nurse; references. 1909 Pacific ave.
GIRL or woman; help housework; plain cook-
lng. 9 Glen Park ave.. off 12th St., nr. Mission.
YOUNG girl to assist in housework; small fam-
ily; $12 a month. 1422 Clay St.. after S.
YOUNG girl as maid from 8 a. m. to 6 p. m.,
. Sundays excepted. 1020 Van Ness ave.
GIRL wanted for boarding-house, u Clay st.
WANTED-Experienced starchers: new shirts
only laundered. EAGLESON _; CO.. 535 Mar-
kcy st. _r -
SEWING girls, . attention'.— Experienced opera-
tor's . on dress and negligee shirts; steady
work: good pay. Lowenberg Co.. 27 Jessie st.
WANTED— Experienced operators on boys'
knee pants; Kteady work; good wages; also
apprentices. N. EPSTEIN, l«it Folaom st.
FHOTKSTANT young woman for general
•housework, cooking; wages $20: refs. Apply
8S2 Fulton, bet. 10 a. m. and 12 m.. Monday.
WANTED— Immediately, a bright woman about
30 for position of trust; no stenography; ref-
erences. Box 4130, Call offlce.
AN experienced solicitor to represent six up to
date works for the holiday trade: lady or
gentleman. Room 74. 6 Eddy st.
WANTED—Glrl for general housework and
cooking; small family: no children; wages ?2a
to f30. Apply 8?8 O'Farrell st.
WANTED— A French woman (Parisian) for
chamber" work and assist with children. Box
3S27, Call office. ¦ . , '
OPERATORS, finishers and apprentices on
vests. BELASCO & HARRIS CO., 541 Market.
BORROW rnoney on sealskins, silverware; low
Interest. UNCLE HAitRIS. 15 Grant ave.
ACTIVE, hustling lady to solicit advertlse-
ments; liberal pay. Box 3S3S. Call office.
FIRST-CLASS cloak hands and furrier. Ap-
plv at 1200 Geary St., after 7 p. m.
OPERATORS on Infants' and children's wear;
must be experienced. 1033 Market st.
NEAT girl for general housework and cooking.
1305 Gough ft. '
EXPERIENCED sewers on underskirts in fac-
tory; steam power. A. AARON. 573 Mission.
GOOD finisher on pants. 83 Third st.. upstairs.
FIRST-CLASS finisher on custom coats; steady
work. 411& Kearny st.
GIRL for general housework; wages $15. 3220
Twenty-second -t.. near Valencia.
WANTED— Young German girl to take care of
children. 28C5 Washington Bt.
GIRL or woman to assist with housework and
children. 1806 Geary St.
WANTED— Women and girls to work on fruit.
1731 Folsom st., between 13th and 14th.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch offlce. 220O Flllmore st.
A BRANCH oflice for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096 Va-
lenoia >t.
UELr WAKTED-MALE.
AT C. R. HANSEN & CO.'S 104 Geary st
RAILROAD WORK
200 teamsters. R. R. work. Nevada »2 a day
10 stonemasons, R. R. culvert work, Nevada..
$3 SO a day
FREE FARE ....SHIP DAILY SHRDLUUU
Free Fare Ship Dally Free Fare
6 carpenters, $3 a day: Ingersoll drillers, $3 a
day; bench hand and wood turner for planing
mill, country; gardener, private place, coun-
try, $23; butler, good references, M5.
C...-t. HANSEN & CO 1C4 Geary st.
A— 100 COAL miners for New Mexico. For par-
ticulars apply
C. R. HANSEN & CO.... 104 Geary St.
A FOREMAN for electrical work. $3 50 a day.
C. R. HANSEN & CO 104 Geary Bt.
OFFICE boy for this offlce.
C. R. HANSEN & CO 104 Geary st.
A— TWO bell boys, first class hotels, $15 and
$20. C. R. HANSEN & CO.. 104 Geary st.
A— MURRAY & READY Phone Main 4858
...Leading Employment and Labor Agents...
:..... .WANT 7 A. M. TO-DAY
CARPENTERS CARPENTERS
6 carpenters for a mine $S2 50 and found
6 carpenters, bridge and trestle work, near
city $3 a day
60 laborers, city and country.. *1 75 and {2 day
tank cooper harness maker
blacksmiths stablemen
10 plow teamsters and farmers.. $25 & $30 & fd
* milkers and butter-makers $30 and fd
carriage painters, drillers
100 woodchoppers and tiemakers, provisions
furnished ¦.
farmer and wife $40 and found
MURRAY & READY. 634-638 Clay St.
A— COOKS, city, and country. J30. $35 and $40
and found: markers and other laundry help;
experienced man. delicatessen store; boy to
drive bakery wagon, $20 and found; elevator
boy, etc.
MURRAY & READY. 634-636 Clay St.
A— WANTED
Furnace man for quicksilver mine, $65; brick
mason for mine, long job, $4 a day; farmer
. and wife. $40; hostler, city, $30; gardener and
milk 2 cows, country, $25; man to milk and
do farm work, steady work, I2S; Iron molder,
$.1 a day; ranch boy. $10; offlce boy, $3 50 a
week. W. D. EWER & CO., 610 Clay st.
BARBERS' Progressive Union— Free employ-
ment. H. Bernard. Sec.. 104 "th; tel. Jessie 152.
WANTED— Superintendent for sawmill and
general work connected with lumber business:
must be thoroughly competent, conversant
with all the details of lumber trade and cap-
able of managing a large business; none but
practical men with large experience and
first-class references need apply. Address,
giving experience, salary expected. X Y Z.
box 3831. Call offlce; all communications con-
Hdentlal. ¦
WANTED— A strong young man to learn to
press custom-made pants; paid while learning;
must be 18 or over. 411}_ Kearny St.. top floor.
COATMAKERS— Highest union prices paid;
free sitting-room. ALFRED LILIENFELD,
90S Market et. - ¦:
WANTED— Partner in carpenter shop: old es-
tablished; too much work for one boss. ¦ Ad-
dress box 3673. Call offlce. ¦
GOOD barber for every Wednesday. Saturday
and Sunday. 1303 Castro st.. corner Twenty-
fourth. . . • • ¦
YOUNG man wanted for retail hardware store; •
wages $8 per week: must have had experience.
' Address, with references, box 4142, Call.
COATMAKER for country. Apply REISS
BROTHERS. 24 Sutter St.
WANTED— Barber of 2 years' experience. 22
East st 1 _ ; •
YOUNG butcher wanted. Call at 3035 Sacra-
mento st. -
STEADY man with $125: will pay $70 a month;
experience not required. 1016 Market, room 10.
YOUNG man to drive butcher cart: some ex-
perience. People's Market, 16th and Market.
BOY wanted. Apply at 1210 Polk st.
GOOD tailor wanted at -£20 Kearny St.. first
i. floor, room X. ..¦¦'. ___________
WAITER and dishwasher wanted. 153 Third
. street.'- : ¦ -
WANTED— Two tailors; military ¦ work. 2S20
Creenwlch . st. '.. •
YOUNG German as porter for saloon. .063 Mar.
'¦ ket St.; call 10 a. m.
GROCERY and delivery man; competent; $10;
references. Box 3860. Call office. , '
DISHWASHER wanted at 425 Bush st.
DISHWASHER. Native Sons' HaU, Mason St.;
call 7, a. m. . .
WANTED— A first-class cook. 29 Stockton st.
CARPENTERS, cabinet-makers, bench hands,
sash and door men. ahaper and band sawyers,
Ptlcker hands at Mechanics' Registration Bu-
reau,' 410 Kearny, r. 9; non-union t mechanics
please register: new jobs daily; no offlce fees.
WANTED — A thoroughly, experienced clothing
salesman; cne who can talk Portuguese; for
Sacramento. Apply at 523 Market St., room 7,
¦ l»etween 2 and 3 p. m.
WANTED— Laborers , and mechanics to t know
that ' Ed Rolkin. Reno House proprietor, still
¦ runs " Denver House, 217 /Third st. ; . 150 large
rooms; :25c per night; $1 to $2 per week.
HEN wanted to learn barber trade: only eight
weeks required;: positions guaranteed; special
inducements: catalogue and map of city free.
MOLER'S BARBER COLLEGE, 635 Clay st.
WANTED— A good sticker hand; San Francisco
• manufacturing establishment: . steady, em-
, pi ny m en t anil good , pay - to right man. Box
4107, Call offlce. ----.-- -¦..--¦
WANTED— First-class buck and sheepskin
glove > cutters ' on block. E. G. CONKLIN &
CO.; 413 Sacramento st.
WANTED— Aggronslve, . reliable real estate
I salesman; give reference and salary expected.
'Box 3815. Call offlce. : :
$100,000 TO: loan on diamonds, watches, seal-
sklns. UNCLE HARRI3. 15 Grant ave.
ALL sizes men's shoes, slightly damaged, halt
. price. s EC3 Mission ' St., bet. 1st aad - 24 • ata.
" HELP WAHT-CP-— MALE. .
WANTEIV-A place to stop for the winter— This
can be found at the Adams House. 519 Sacra-
mento st.. near Montgomery; one of the few
respectable houses -where countrymen coming
to the city can find nice, clean, cheap, well-
ventllated rooms. A. McCREERY. Prop.
PHYSICIAN wants an honest, bright, lntelll-
gent young man. about 18, to assist In offlce;
must write a good hand and have good refer-
ences. Address, stating full particulars', box
4135. Call offlce. ¦--•..¦.
WANTED — A young man to act as floor
walker; one with good address and sterling-
habits; for Weinstock, Lubln & Co.. Sacra-
mento. Apply at 623 Market st,, near First.
between 1 and 3 p. m.
ACTIVE man for temporary local position;
several weeks; salary $3 per day. Globe Co.,
723 Chestnut St., Philadelphia, Pa.
PENSIOXS-J. H. Shepard & Co.. old. reliable
firm. 806 Market, rro. 40. Phelan bldg.; pen-
sion vouchers executed, 25c; advice free.
A— SALESMEN, offlce men and mechanics
seeking positions, call at 9 Geary st.. rm. 8.
$75— PARTNER wanted In -small restaurant -
$30 month; no experience necessary. 438 4th.'
COATMAKER or pantsmaker; can have seat
room by yourself. 104 Kearny st. ; tailor shop.
U. S. SLIPPERS; BOO pair from 35c up. at 635
Mission st.
BOY wanted In confectionery store; references
. 1S02 Geary st.
FIRST-CLA SS !adie-' tailors wanted: highest
wages paid. FRANCIS. 79-j Sutter st.
FIRST-CLASS ladles tailors! VERDIER S&X
Geary st.
WANTED— FlESt-class experienced solieltora •
young men only. 206 Sansome st.. room 30. '
BAREERS; complete 2-chalr shop for sale at
bargain. Call and lnvestlgato. 334 Sixth st.
GET «£ OUr ,,£ ho .?? half BOled whlle waiting; 2_c
to BOc. S62 Mission st.. bet. U,t and ?<i sts
W . ANT £ I> ~ 1C0 men t0 uke rooms. 10c. 15c and
20c. Boston House. 930 Howard gt.
STOLTZ. barber supplies, removed from 830
Market (basement) to C26 Market St.. upstairs, j
GENTLEMEN'S suits to order. $1 per week, at
ca»h prices. N. Y. Tailoring Co.. 113 Kearny!
SAILORS, ordinary seamen and green hands-
all parts of world. HERMAN'S. 28 Steuart.'
MEN and women to learn barber trade. S. F
BARBER COLLEGE. 741A Howard st.
PENSIONS-CEO, D. CAMPBELL, lawyer 18
• years' practice; Examiner bulldintr.
" vv , INC " ESTEn House. 44 Third st., near Mar-
ket; 700 ro«ms. 25c night: reading-rooms; free
bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch offlce. -200 Fillmore »t.
A BRANCH office fcr Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1038
Valencia gt.
HEMORRHOIDS.
PILES— 300 cures business men In Ean Fran-
cisco; can be seen; no operation; no pain* par-
ticulars sent. Ad. Physician, box I960. Call.
HOUSES. LIVE STOCK. Etc For Sale
40 HORSES for sale; also wagons, buggies,
carts, harness. Grand Arcade Horse Market.
327 Sixth at.; auction sales every Wednesday.
SULLIVAN & DOYLE. Auctioneers.
FEED Manhattan food; keeps horses, cows,
poultry and dogs healthy. 1253 Folsom St.. S.F.
FOR sale— 4 cows. Corner Twentieth and Mln-
nesota sts.
HOUSES TO LET.
A— PRINTED LIST Houses to let; send for dr-
cular. G. H. UMBSEN & CO.. 14 Montgomery.
A MODERN 12-room house on 1114 O'Farrell.
near Franklin.
CASTRO. 74S — Nearly new house, 8 rooms and
bath; good location and view. Apply premises.
HOUSE to let, 201 Ash avenue, near "Van Ness;
8 rooms and bath; $26.
NEW house of 6 rooms and bath. Pixley ave.,
between Fillmore and Webster.
HOUSES TO LET KUR.XISIIED.
COMPLETELY furnished house of 13 sunny
rooms: 2 baths; targe grounds; marine view;
.145. Southeast cor. Green and Leavenworth.
HYPNOTISM.
COMPLETE course Instructions and diploma,
5 lessons. $5: cigarette and other bad habits
cured. PROFESSOR E. W. RAYMOND. 997
Market St.; hours 2 to 6 daily.
HYPNOTISM Fucressfully taught In 6 one-hour
lessons by PROF. DILLON. 3M O'Farrell st,
LOST AND l'OUMJ.
$1CO,000 TO loan on watches, diamonds, silver,
sealskins, pianos, guns. UNCLE HARRIS.
15 Grant ave.
LOST— A • passbook with the Hlbemia Savings
and Loan Society of San Francisco, In the
name of E. W. EMERSON; No. 130-074. Tha
finder will please return to bank.
MEDICAL.
DR. and MRS- DA VIES. 1228 Market—Ladles'
specialists; 32 years' practice; have treated
thousands of cases successfully; positive cure
guaranteed at offlce: ladies treated can return
home same day: HINDO HERB home cure,
any one can use It; perfectly harmness. Send
stamps for circular.
DR." G. W. O'DONNELL. moved to 1018 Mar-
ket, opp. Bth; world-renowned ladles' special-
ist; sate and reliable: practiced In San Fran-
cisco for years; treated thousands of cases
successfully; treatment can be used at home;
consultation free. After all others fall call
on him.
DRS. GOODWIN, well-known ladles' specialists,
have returned from Europe; safe and reliable;
cure $5; have treated thousands of cases with
success: 15 years' practice In S. F.; low fees.
1007*4 Market St.. near Sixth.
MRS. DR. KOHL. 997 MARKET ST.. corner
Sixth— Safe and reliable ladles' physician:
treatment. $5; when others fail consult fre?
M RS. DR. KOHL. 997 Market St.. cor. Sixth.
IMPORTANT notice for ladles— Help for the
poor: cure reduced from $5 to $2 50; every
woman her own physician; can be sent and'
used home. DR. POPPER. 323 Kearny st.
MRS. DR. WYETH, reliable specialist: 25 yrs.'
practice; treatment at offlce, to; any ali-
ment: consultation free; guaranteed. 943
Post St., bet. Hyde and Larkin.
NO TOY KEE, Chinese doctor; cures consump-
tion, cancer, catarrh, etc.; all diseases treat-
ed: eend for testimonials; advice free. Sani-
tarium. 704 Sacramento at., corner Kearny.
MRS. DR. ALLEN, 1025 Market-Ladles' spe-
clalist; safe and reliable; consultation free;
hours 10 to 8. -
DR. WISE, the ladles' specialist. 1118 Market st.
IJISC-CLLAMOOLS KOIi SALIC.
BOILERS, engines. Sd-hand machinery. Mc-
INTOSH & WOLPMAN. 193-197 Fremont st,
BARS, back bars, mirrors, showcases, counters,
linoleum, new and second hand: we always
have a large stock of saloon outfits on hand;
32 complete outfits on our floor, ready made;
we can ship everything in. 24 hours. J
NOONAN. 1017. 1019. 1C21. 1O_3 Mission st
above Sixth; write for catalogue.
NEW BROOMS— The Golden West Broom Fac-
tory at S28 and 630 Clay St.. near Kearny. has
Just started: storekeepers can be supplied with
all kinds of brooms at the cheapest rates -
orders by mall attended to.
BUY a brand new typewriter tor $5 down and $5
per month: write for catalogue and prico;
TYPEWRITER EXCHANGE. 409 California
tt. : rentals, new machines, $3 p«r month.
BILLIARD table, balls, cues and rack, com-
plete: dirt cheap. BENJ. CURTAZ & SOX
16 O'Farren st. *
FINE suit, $10; dress pants, $3 7E. MISFIT
CLOTHING PARLORS. 437 Montgomery st.
A-$3 50 DERBY and Fedora hats. $1 73. Popul
lar Price Hatters. 330 Kearny st.. near Pine.
A— ICO HORSEPOWER engine, boiler, two-drili
air compressors. JARDINE'S. 220 Fremont st.
AT a bargain— Stock of second-hand goods in
good condition. 1425 Market st. BWU3 la
F L R M T " C t' ASS secon< J-hand modern engines and
boilers bought and sold. KROGH Mfg. Co.
SCO-LIGHT dynamo, engine and boiler, com-
plete; cheap. H. S. WHITE. 516 Mission st.
WILL rent full dress Tuxedo or Prince aik_»»
suits for $2 BO. Portland Loan Office" 25 slktn!
SAFES— New and second hand. THE urn
MANN SAFE CO.. 417-423 Sacramento sL
PORTABLE engines boilers; Iron and wood
¦planers, lathes; 2d hand. J. Burke. 139 BT-OeT
MAGIC lanterns, new and id hand- movlnr
pictures. BULLARD & BRECK. 131 Po" It. g
10-TON Fairbanks tcale and flre and burglar
proof safe. 216 California st. ourgiar
* I £, H^ D »£ hoto , lf , raph!c and ma 8 1c lantern out-
fits bought, sold, exchanged. 109 Montgomery.
SAFES^ — New and second hand- all sizes, thp
WALTZ SAFE. 109-111 Market St.? S^ FrSt
MISCELLAXEOD9 WANTS. _
* U
6111 ?*- 0 *. 8^ 0 * 1 clotMns bought &
sold. Sllverman. 984 Folsom ; teL ¦ Folsom list.
KLEIN still pays best price for clothing, brte-
a-brac and books, 1C9 Sixth it ; teL Jessla ill.
_^ MONEY TO LOAN.
ANY amount on furniture, pianos, without re-
moval or any other good security; payabla
back In Installments or as a whole; If you
owe a balance on the purchase price we will
Pay It and carry the loan as long; as you de-
sire; avoid red tape and publicity; sea us
first; you will be waited upon quietly a_-4
quickly. Call 68-63 Donohoe bldg.. 1170 Market.
AA— BEST rates and easiest terms.
Second Mortgages ....«
Interests In Estates •
Undivided Interests la Real Estat» -
Financial problems of all sorts and sizes
¦Qlved by HERMAN MURPHY. 630 Market st.
A— MONEY to loan at rates which peopla can
afford to pay on furniture, pianos, etc.: do
not borrow of your friends or you will loao
their friendship; do business with strangers
and you will be better satisfied; no delay; no
publicity. Rooms 9 and 10. 906 Market at.
HIGHLY respectable, private place to obtain
liberal advances on diamonds. Jewelry at low-
est rates. Baldwin Jewelry Store. S4« Market
at.; tel. Main 1644. Branch 13 Third st.
ANY amount at S per cent; 1st. 2d and 3d naort-
Kases. undivided Interest, real estate tn pro-
bate; mortgages and legacies bought; no de-
lay; get my terms before doing business else-
where. R. McCOLGAX. 24 Montgomery, r. S.
ANY proposition, any amount: S per cent; first,
eecond mortgages, estates In probate. Interest
In estates, legacies, corporation loans, chattel
mortgages, life Insurance. Room 18, first floor.
Chronicle building. HALLORAN & OLSS.V.
A— J300.0CO ON city and country real estata and
estates; chattel mortgages; notes and col-
laterals. J. BROWNSTONE. 11 Montgomery.
MOST reliable place to borrow on diamonds,
watches. Jewelry. W. J. HESTHAL, 10 Slxta;
highest price for old sold, silver, diamonds.
AT 12* Kearny st.. room ». respectable, private
place to .borrow on watches, diamonds; lowest
rates; take elevator. Telephone Davis 995.
ANY amount by private party on furnltme and
BOXELLI, 3C1 Jones* St.. corner* Eddy.
WHT pay rent? We loan money to build with;
small monthly payments. HOME BUILDING
COMPANY. 222 Sansome St.. room X.
MONEY loaned salaried, people without •eeorltyi
HILL, rm. 44. Merchants' Ex., 431 California,
PRIVATE party on furniture and plane* ; I pay
cent: no removal: no commls'n. i Eddy, r. i\
TO salaried people without security: all busi-
ness confidential. Tousley Co.. an Parrott big.
MONEY to loan on furniture by private party;
low rate. 917 Market St.. room L
ON furniture and pianos; no removal: eo-U--
dentlal; on diamonds, etc 33 Taylor st.
CASH loaned to salaried people on note wlthoa*
lndr.rser. MORRELL. W9 Examiner building.
TO salaried people without collateral or In-
dorser. 8. F. Discount Agency. 143 Phelan big.
MUSICAL IXSTKU31E\T9-
\VE~have a new lot of Interchange*-!* ttm«
Olympia music boxes, playing 15 tune* witn-
out stopping. They are the best thin* of lh«
kind ever offered. MAUVAIS MUSIC CO..
769 Market at. |
WE want you to call and se« th* bairalna w«
have. Fine second-hand pianos for $100. %W\
$175. $200. $300. $350. Beautiful new onea for
J300 to 1330. All pianos sold on easy pay-
ments If you desire, and you can at any tlma
exchange for a new Decker & Son.
BY a SDeclal arrangement with th« manufac-
turers we are now enabled to giv» 12 tunea
with each OlympU muslo box sold by us
hereafter, and a discount of 10 per eeat will
be allowed on tune discs when one aoxen or
more are bought at a time. MAUVAlfl MU-
SIC^CO J^7fi911arket8t :i __ag_sn^8-__________ (
ALL purchasers cf pianos at Byron Maazy'-
have the privilege of exchanging for one of,
the celebrated Sohmer Pianos, or one Of our
Byron Mauxy Planes, any tlm* within four
years, full purchase price being allowed. Oar
rent plan has been the best offered to th»
public for the past three years. A large size,
beautifully finished, full-toned piano, with
¦tool and cover, warranted for five years, for
$330. $t> cash and $8 per month. This U not a,
cheap piano, full value being given for every
dollar Bpent. BYRON MAUZY, Solo Agent
Bchmer & Co.. Byron Mauzy, Gabler. Spell-
raan and Hamilton Pianos. 3U3. 310. tit Post.
ALL purchasers of pianos at SHERMAN.
CLAY & CO.'S have the privilege of ex-
changing for a STEINTVAY any time wltnln
three years and full purchase price allowed;
the best makers of every trade to select from;
beautiful new uprights $6 cash. $6 per month;
some good pianos for S3. {4 and $3 per month.
BHERMAN. CLAY & CO., STEEiTVAY
DEALERS, corner Kearny and Sutter sts..
San Francisco; corner Broadway and Thir-
teenth sts.. Oakland.
ABSOLUTELY the oldest and largest hous«
west of Chicago is KOHLER & CHASE'S. 28.
23 and 39 O'Farr.Il St.. pianos, organs and
all other musical ln-trumems of all grade*
and prices; terras easy; prices lowest; every-
thing possible done to please and satisfy the
customer.
SPECIAL snaps in a few Rlightly used "pianos.
See u_. BENJ. CURTAZ & SON. 19 CFar-
rell St.; Chlckering agency and everythin*
pertaining to music; symphonlon music boxes.
CHOICE stock of fine uprights; can't prtve them
away but will sell them very cheap. J.
DEWIXG CO.. Flood building.
VIOLIN strings; never wet; best In the world;
maklsg and repairing of all kinds of musical
Instruments. Carl C. Anderson. 417 Geary »U
BEST rent stock In city; new pianos; $3 pe*
month. SCOTT CITRTAZ. 5S0 Hayes st.
GENTLEMAN leaving city must saciiflca fioa
upright piano In 5 days. 224 Golden Gat* av«.
HIGH-GRADE piano, nearly new, $165. nvuXH
Piano Co.. 217 Geary st.
SUPERIOR violins, xithers, old and new. H.
MU1XER, maker, repairer. 2 Latham place
ELEGA.NT Sohmer upright, good as new, andl
other great bargains. BRUENN. 103 Post *t.
FINE 3-pedal upright piano; sacrificed on, ac-
count of sickness. 907 McAllister st.
-A cleaning out of piano* for storage; dirt cheap;
Installments. Wilson's Storage. 1710 Market.
AT KEEFFI7S. 933 Market st,. 4 elesant u>i
rights at your own price. Ehonlnger agency.
A BARGAIN: must be sold; nice upright piano.
SCHMIT2. IS McAllister St.. next H1T>. Bank.
HIC/H-GRADE pianos; Stack. Hardman. Con-
over & ethers. W. B. ALLEN A CO.. 314 Post.
OIL LANDS FOR SALE. ~^
PROVEN oil lands In the Kern River- field
for sale; no stock proposition; bo wildcat
scheme; this Is sure territory In the largest
and best known field In California. If you
want to form a company buy good land on
the line of the railroad. NEWTON, CARMAN
& SOMES. S. C. MASON, agent, 11 Mont-
- gemery st.
OFF1CI-S AND STORES TO LET.
A GRAND store, adjoining the Owl Drug Co.:
23x130 feet: reduced from $600 to '{430. Apply
A. M. SPECK & CO.. 667 Market st.
EMMA SPRECKELS bulldlEg. 927~Maxket St.—
Light sunny offices. $15 to $20 per month, with
light, heat, janitor and use of phone.
NEW store: offices upstairs; separate entrance:
. cheap. 624 Merchant St.. near HaU of Justice.
25x125 FIRST loft; 25xS0 second loft. 5T9 and
587 Mission St.. opp Wells- Fareo' ¦ building.
THREE connecting rooms: front view; sultahla
for doctor or dentist. 143 Powell st.
SCO SANSOME. handsome store. $10; 224 Padflc.
large store cheap.
LARGE elegant store and basement: 993 V»-
lencla St.. ne*\- ?lst. bnyiness center.
PALMISTRY. ;.
MME. NEERGAARD. 700 Post; teL Byd* 2933]
hours 1 to 5 eve., and Sunday by appointment.
H. JEROME FOSSELLI. sctentlflc palmist, 513
Taylor St.. bet. Oeary and Post: tel. Black 5*1.
PARTNERS WASTED.
PARTNER wanted in dyeing and cleanlnr e»>
tabllshment. 14-1 Point Lobo* ave.
PERSONALS. '
WANTED— Wife. 23 years old, to live to mlntos
camp. .Address P. O. box 830. Manvel. Baa
Bernardino County. CaL
ALL hair and scalp diseases a specialty: hair
grown on bald heads and restored to original
color: dandruff and falling hair cured: hair
Tltlaned by a, harmless vegetable; "Luxur-
lol " bust developer, guaranteed. MRS. E. R.
DUNLAP the reliable proprietress of tha
Hlr-utlne ' Co.. 6 Eddy St.. rooms 73 and 74.
MATTRESSES AND PILLOWS— Tel. South 73_.
made to order: renovated; honest work guar-
anteed: feathers and hair cleansed; uphol-
stered furniture cleaning a specialty: fine vp-
holstery. HOPKE EROS.. 31S and K0 11th st.
SPECIAL sale switches: Monday and Tuesday
only, $3 switches for $3: tho latest hair styles
only 25c. G. LEDERER. 133 Stockton st,
MME. ADA. wonderful gifted healer. 11M Mar-
ket, r. J. 4. cures spinal trouble, rheumatism.
blindness, paralysis and all nervous diseases.
ELECTRIC lights in every room— Winchester
Hotel. 44 Third St.. near Market: 700 rooms;
23c to $169 per night; $150 to |6 per week;
free 'bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
HYGENIC medicine; acuts and chronic In-
valids cured and taught how to keep well.
DR. J. HERBERT REEVE. 2SH Kearny it.
SUITS to order on Installments; $15 upward; fi
a week. LEON LEMOS. 1117 Market st. be-
tween Seventh and Eighth.
PRIVATE detective work; reasonable rates; 13
years' experience. J. B. RAY. 357 Jessla st.
LEDERER' S Qulntonlca hair tonic at Lloa
Drug Co.. Market and Stockton. 35c bot.
BORROW on pianos, furniture, diamonds,
painUogs; secrecy. Uncla Harrii, IS Qimat anVictoria. Australia, haa built ¦ seven lo
cal railways on the co-operative principle.
The railwaya were estimated for byicon
tract 'at ieM7.908,' but toy jvoT&lng tne : co
operative principle they -. were completed
tor£XlfilL ' - .•-:: - -
<120th Meridian— PaciHc Time.)
" The following maximum temperatures were
reported to-day from stations In California:
Eureka 64 Los Angeles ....63
Mount Tamalpals....47 Sacramento ...&)
Independence^ .6S San Luis Oblspo. «8
Red Bluff «0 San Diego ;.CS
Fresno ... ...'.... 60 * . <
San FranclBco data: Maximum temperature,
C7: minimum, 49: mean, 53.
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
y FORECAST.
The storm over British Columbia * yesterday
has moved eastward and now overlies the upper
Missouri valley. Cloudy weather prevails over
the northern portion of the Pacific Slope and
generally clear over the • southern. Light rain
has fallen from Fresno northward to the Brit
ish llse.,\ ,
The pressure has risen rapidly alonp the Pa
cific Coast and fallen over the Rocky Mountain
rerion and Missouri ' valley.
The temperature, has fallen over . the plateau
region and remained nearly stationary in other
districts. ¦ ' ' . / .
High winds are reported from Western Wash
ington and > the plateau region. .
- Conditions are favorable for fair, warmer
weather In California Monday.
Forecast made at . San Francisco for thirty
hours, ending midnight. October 25. 1900:
1 Northern California— Fair Monday; warmer;
fresh northwest win*. w ¦ .rr -
Southern California— Fair Monday; light west
Nevada— Fair Monday; brisk northwest wind.
; Utah— Rain Monday; colder; high northwest
wind. - '.¦-¦'¦¦
Arizona— Fair In south portion ; probably
shov/ers In' north portion Monday; cooler . in
north ¦ portion. •• •¦ , - ..
- San Francisco and vicinity— Fair; warmer
Monday; fresh northwest wind.' ..
Q. H.WILLSON.
Local Forecast Official.
Weather Report.
NEW.TVESTERN HOTEL.
J M Smith & w, Sacto
T. T Whitney, Crockett
A Sylvester. S Rosa •
W McCluskey & w. Cal
Mrs J Paula, S'Jose:
Mrs - Miller. - Portland
R Talfor, Crockett
J • McEnerny, Vallejo
T Fary, .Vallejo .
G M Raymal. Cal
J ¦¦ Somnettl, ¦ Sact?
J Piere. Sacto
F F Hoon.;Ohlo •
T Schlchtlngr, S Jos*
S Gordon, : Boulder ¦
E Emerson,: Eureka -'¦'
a ¦ Lorentz, ; Aurora -
H L Tllley, Arizona
J B Hali, 8tockton
HLaff, Stockton; v :
A' Ilolsraaser, Stockton
KG Noyes, Napa '
C Smith, Berkeley •
J McDowell, Stanford
A B Coleman, Martlnz
WGTJosslln. Portland
A Mackintosch, Cal ..-.
B Eastman. NY
F C Liisk. Chlco . :
L T Coburn, Yreka
J A SlfCt. Wls
W H Fusby, Wls
W P Arms & w. Pa
R J Bursbohaus & w,
Minneapolis
S v/HUlcard. N -Y -• •
H Fltzpatrlck, Ireland
G C Bosne & w. NY
J F Bass A w. N Y.
Master Bass. N Y/ 'v
J D Crtsalm. S Jose
O Szontach. Cal
A H McKay, L Ang
0 V Day. NY
E Owen & w, London
P Simmons & w, Chlgo
DP Robinson, Seattle
B Gllderaleeve. Hanfrd
F Johnson & w, S Raf
E P Tj-aon, N Y
J Fergerson, Denver
A A Mitchell; L An*
K A. Palmer & w, R I
Cant : Grapow. .- Berlin <
Mrs. Graoow,' Berlin
C Ottenhelmer. i Denver
R V. Ellis. Hanford
Miss Ellis,. Hanford .
H Rellllng & w, Chlcgo
PALACE HOTEL.
A Symondx. England I
D Kettle. USA
H Metzger. Portland
J Huckel, Kansas City
P Serwey, N Y
W Patterson, Stanford
J G Judson. N Y
H V Potts, England
L Isqulrldo, Chile
O Richards. US N
Dr JD Jones. Wash
R E Wright, Clnn '
J D Bishop & w. Oak
J H French. Humbldt
H A Sie B el. N Y
H T Kennedy, Brkley
J Henry, Berkeley
K L Case & daughter,
Downleville
Miss M Corren, Slerra
ville
H D Parker, Stanford
J W. Alston. Stanford
F D Keleher. USA
W H Murphy. Stanfrd
F II Yost, Stanford .
G Johnson, U S N
C Stanley. Cal
B Stanley. Cal
M F Tarr-ey, Alameda
E A Smith Jr, StanM
C Heyer, Stanford
K Cords, Cal
G Lawrence. S Mateo
J C MoCCatt, Dawson
W Youn*. Stanford
H H Owens, Stanford
W G Deal, Stanford
J W Oliver. Alameda
J T Wallace. S Jose
R Ferrall. Stanford
G Clement, Stanford.
H Havens. Stanford ,
E A. Preble, Cal
F W Georgeson. Eurk
M F Durnhy, Eureka
W J McNulty & wife,
Fresno
L G Smith. S Antonio
H S'Rowe. S Antonio
Mrs W Johnson, Pa
Mrs O C Jones. Wash,
D C
R B Butler. Fresno
L H Palmer; Kansas
H H Blood, Bkrsfld
S E Murray, Sedalia
F E Josewski, Milwke
D Shaw, Melbourne
J B Ke!ter, Chicago
T M Romsdell. Chcgo
H AV Combs. Modesto
T A Deerlng. L Ang
R E Barn-. Vallejo
J G McMflleh. S Jose
F Haughton. Boston
A Hall, Monterey
Mrs J Craig &. daugh
ter. Highland Spgs
Miss S Jones. High S
Dr H L Stanbach.S Br
W H Hitchcock. N Y
Dr A H Tickell & w,
Nevada City
C B Hlllhouse *w.N Y
J C Needham. Modesto
C T Elliott. Sallda
C V Manner. Val Spg
S A Burnham & w,
Chlcaso
S E Vermllyen,.BIshr)
Mrs Gibson. Williams
Miss Gibson. Williams
Mrs Goodman, Wlllirm
G W Gibson. Williams
GRAND HOTEL.
HOTEL ARRIVALS.
There Is a picturesque Bide' to the quest
for petroleum in California. From Sis
klyou to San Diego the peculiar terms
describing the paraphernalia of the in
dustry - becoming familiar even to
children. Wells are sinking under the
heaving waters of the ocean, through the
depths of hills superimposed upon the oil
sands and in all possible sorts and condi
tions of places where the probabilities
appear to iavor a •"strike." Tne latest lot
ot contracts include one for the sinking
of a well in the bed of Lake Tulare.. and
operations will proceed thero under the
airectlon of the Tuiare ' l^ake Oil Com
pany. Time was in the memory of the
pioneers when Tulare L&ke was a navi
gable body of water of large size. There
is a possibility that many of them will
live to see tho lake bed decorated plenti
luliy witn derricks i'ria becoming a source
ot wealth. A striking laot :s that witn
the exception or the oil area in hos An
g-eies city the land that is producing oil
is not or value tor any other purpose. Tne
indusuy Is, therefore, an audition to all
previously existing sources of wealth in
the State and does not conflict with or
mterlere with any other, with the possi
ble exception of coal production.
Oil win supplant coal tor many uses.
There is an apiuslng siae to the early ex
periments in California to use oil as fuel..
J-Jonel V. Hedpath, in his recent work en
titled "Petroleum in California, " de
scribes a trial trip that was made by the
owners of the steamer Amelia on San
Francisco Bay with oil fuel. Captain
James Whitney, president of the Califor
nia Navigation Company, according to
Redpath's account, persuaded all the
stocKholders of his company to embark
on the Amelia, which was to make the
run around Mare Island experimentally..
That -was one of the most exciting experi
ments on record, for the steamer caught
tire four times inside of three hours, and
"there were several millionaires aboard
of her who were glad to get ashore alive."
Since then oil fuel has been so commonly
used for locomotion that there .is nat
urally wonderment that the former appli
ances to make it available were so crude.
As early as JS57 a trading scnoonev took
a barrel of oil sccoped up in' Ventura
County to San Francisco. The oil ex
citement of an earlier day died away,
largely because of the ignoranco of those
who owned the oil property. There Is no
doubt among the well Informed that the
industry i§ now in its infancy in this
State.
An interesting calculation Is made by a
writer at Whittier concerning the pro
duction of fuel oil near Whittier. He
says:
'•Coal retails at Sll per ton Three and
a half barrelr. of crude oil, costing $3 50,
will furnish the same number of heat
units as a ton of coal. Whittier each
month produced oil equal in heat value
to about 10.000 tons of coal, worth $100,000."
The same reasoning applied to all the
producing oil tields of the State would
have interesting results.
The Standard Oil Company is ¦ erecting
four of its 35,000-barrel storage tanks in
the Kern field and will soon be ready for
business there.
A water company has been organized to
supply water to the Sunset, district. It
has a fifty years' lease on a number of
sources of pure water in the mountains
which are supposed to be sufllclent to.fur
nish all the water that the, district will
require.
Oil litigation continues. The Kern, Kern
River, Aztec and Elwood Oil companies
and W. A. Jacobs are defendants In suits
brought in the Superior Court by T. J.
Kelly. H. E. Brett. D. C. Narver. L. T.
Clemens,» Charles Ashton and others as
the outcome of proceedings in the Visa
liaLand Office. On the land Involved are
good wells. The plaintiffs allege that they
located the land last September. Accord
ing to the Bakersfleld Callforhian, the
proceedings rest upon a technicality,
which is referred to as follows:
The point Is this: That before oil was struck
the original locators deeded their Interests to
a corporation, the Kern Oil Company, and the
discovery later. If It reverted back, must have
reverted to the locators only; but these having
signed away their rights were uot In a position,
to derive any benefit.
The canal companies in Kern County
have written a joint letter to the oil com
panies operating north of Kern River call
ing attention to what the canal men be
lieve to be a menace to them. Thex set
forth that unless steps are taken to pre
vent it quantities of waste oil will be car
ried from wells to the Kern River or the
irrigating' canals using the. river water,
causing great damage to the irrigated
lands and the crops growing thereon.
Some of the oil companies will burn their
waste and prepare to prevent any leak
age.
Douglass, Wyo.. has the oil fever, and
there nre oil strikes reported in Colorado,
The Wyoming oil is a heavy lubricant,
and the projectors are talking about a
value of $S per barrel for the product. ,
The Los Angeles Herald says:
The Pullerton correspondent to a local paper
Klves the number of produclnr wells in the
FuSlerton field as 2P0. the numb«r of wells be
ing drilled as l"0 and the dally production aa
10,000 barrels. This statement the corresiiond
ent will doubtless correct after he has made
a canvass of the field. The number of prnduc
lnK wells in the field. Including the Brea Can
yen group, is forty-nine, and the number of
wells drilling- Is about twenty. Including the
Puente OH Company's wells, which are as near
the Whittier as the Fullerton field, there nre
1CS producers and twenty-four strings of tools
nt work. Assuming that the well* are averag
ing fifty barrels a day, which Is a large esti
mate, the output of the Fullerton field proper.
Including Brea Canyon, would be 2450 barrels.
Adding to this the Puente wells the dally pro
duction would be E2S0 barrels, at the lame
average per well. The entire district, includ
ing the Fullerton, Puente and. Whittier tields,
would fall short of the statement of the cor
respondent. The production in all these fields
is Increasing, howew, and that the daily out
put of the Fullerton . field alone will before
rnnny months exceed 10.000 barrels is beyond
question.
It Is reported that a contract has been
closed for the delivery of 15.000 barrels of
Kern River oil per month In L.os Angeles.
That Prospectors Are TJnremit-
V ting in Their Quest for
Petroleum.
Notes From Derricked Field Indicate
Dried Up Inland Sea May Be
Mad3 to Yield Rich Oil
TT j '
Harvp^t 'V : vv:
WELLS TO SINK
IN OLD BED OF
LAKE TULRRE
LtLK SAJN JbKANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, OCTOBER 29, 1900.
11
OCEAN TRAVEL.
Pacific Coast Steamship Co.
< Steamers leave Broadway
few wharf, San Francisco:
lKpfc-^^ For Alaskan porta-ll a. m..
?<$rl23V Oct - 2S> * Sl ' 0V - * Chanr* to
'^"?SvB^ company's steamers at Seattle.
L j k SKPeK^ For Victoria. Vancouv-r (B.
r >*v2fc^ JftS c ->> Pcrt Townsend. Seattle.
a MsWsBWlI Tacoma, Everett. Anacortes
r^^|.MMl in '1 w Whatrom (Warh.)—
11 a. m.. Oct. 2$. Xov. 2; and
every fifth day thereafter.
Chance at Seattle to this company's steamers
for Alaska and O. N. Ry. ; at Seattle or Ta-
Cf-ma to N. P. ny. ; at Vancouver to C. P. By.
For Eureka, Humboldt Bay— 2 p. m., Oct. 30,
Nov. 4. and every fifth day thereafter.
For San Diego, rtopolntr only at Port Harford
(Fan Luis Oblspo). Santa Barbara. Port Los
Angeles and Redondo (Los Angeles) — n a. m..
Oct. 28, Nov. 1, and every fourth day there-
after.
For Santa Cruz. Monterey. San Simeon. Cayu-
cos. Port Harford (San Luis Obispo). Gavlota,
Fanta Barbara. Ventura. Hueneme.. San Pedro.
East San Pedro (Los Angeles) and Newport — 9
a. m.. Oct. 16, 30, Nov. 3, and every fourth day
thereafter.
For Ensenada. Macdalena Bay. San Jose del
Cabo. Mnzatlan. Altata. La Paz. Santa Rosalia
and Guaymas (Mexico) — 10 a. m.. 7th of each,
month.
For further Information obtain company's
folders.
• The company reserves the rl«rht to ehanse
stenmers. sailing dates and hours of sailing
without previous notice. .
TICKET OFFICE-4 New Montgomery
street (Palace Hotel).
GOODALL. PERKINS & CO.. Oen. Agents.
10 Market nt.. San Franc! 3CP.
. THE 0, R. & N. CO.
DISPATCH FAST STEAMERS TO
From Soear-street Wharf at 10 A. M.
tACC S12FIrstCUss. Including Berth
rftilL $Q Second Class. and Meals. *
STATE OF CALIFORNIA sails Oct. 30
COLUMBIA sails Nov. 4
Short Line to Walla Walla, Spokane. Butte,
Helena and all points In the Northwest.
Throuch tickets to all points East.
E. C. WARD. General Agent.
630 Market st.
GOODALL. PERKINS-* CO..
Suoerintendents.
TOYO KISEN KA1SHA.
STEAMERS WILL LEAVE WHARF. COR-
rer First and Brannan streets, at 1 p. m.,
for YOKOHAMA and HOXGKOXG. calling at
Kobe (Hlogo). Nagasaki and Shanghai, and
connecting at Hongkong with steamers for In-
dia, etc. No cargo received on board oa day
of sailing. • .' •¦ ¦; ," '*¦*>¦. y * . -
SS. HONGKONG MARU
Tuesday. November 13. 1900
SS. NIPPON MARU
....Thursday, December 6. 1900
SS. AMERICA MAIUT
Saturday. December 23. 1900
Via Honolulu.
Round-trip tickets «t reduced ratea. For
frieght and passage apply at company's office.
421 Market street, corner of First.
W. H. AVERT. General Agent.
AMERICAN LINE.
KEW YORK. 80UTHAMPT05. L0ND0H. PABI3.
Stepping at Cherbourg, westbound.
From New York Ever*- 'Wednesday. 10 a. m.
St. Paul ...Nov. TlPt. Paul.'. Nov. 2%
Ft' Louis Nov. 14 St. Louis P*c. n
New York Nov. ?ilNew York Dec. 12
RED STAR LINE.
New York and Antwem.
From New Ycrk Every Wednesday, 12 noon.
FrlesJand Nov. TlKenslngton Nov. H
Pouthwark Nov. 14 Nnordland !">«•. "i
•We«>ternland ...Nov. rfFrlesland Dec. 13
For freleht snd passage apply to
INTF.RNATIONAL NAVIGATION CO..
30 Montgomery st. Or any of Its agents.
OCEAXIC S.S. CO.-nOXOlUlU,APIA
/AUCKLAND AND SYDNEY.
SS. ALAMEDA for Honolulu, Samoa. New
Zealand and Australia
Wednesday. October 31. 9 p. m.
SS. AUSTRALIA for Tahatl
Thursday. November 1, 4 p. m. '
SS. ZEALANDIA (Honolulu only)
.'. Wednesday. November 10. 3 p. m. j
j. D. SPRECKELS & BROS. CO.. Aqt*.. S43 Market St '
Pier 7. Foot Pacific St. Frcicht Office. 327 Market St
IOMPAGII'5 GElfSRAV? TRAHSATLANTIQUS.
DIRECT LINE TO HAVRE-PARIS. .^^^
Palling every Thursday, inotoarl of <T]V*2>
Saturday, from November Z. 1833. at •3"t*#!»
10 a. m"., from Pier 42. North River, foot of
Morton street. LA TOURAINE. Nov. 1;
L'AOUITAINE. Nov. 8. First class to Harve.
Sm and upward. Second class to Havre, $42 50
and upward. OENKRAL AGENCY FOR
UNITED STATES and CANADA. 32 Bmadway
(Hudson building). New York. -J. F. FUOAZI
& CO.. Pacific Coast Agents. 5 Montgomery
avenue. San Francisco.
BAY AND RIVEB STEAMERS.
Steamer " Mpntlcello."
MON.. Tues.. Wed.. Thnrs. and Sat. at 9:43
a. m., 3:15, 8:30 p. m. (ex. Thurs. night); Fri-
days, 1 p. m. and R:30: Sundays. 10:30 a. m.. S
p. m. Landing and office. Mlsnlon-street Docs.
Pier No. 2. Telephone Main 1508.
FARE _ Bto
RAILROAD TRAVEL.
NORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD.'
Via Soutallto F«rry.
Commencing September *u, 1900.
FROM SAX FRANCISCO TO MILL VALLEY
AND SAN RAFAEL.
WEEK DA YS-f 6:53. •3:15. 11:00 a. m.. *1:45
3:15. 4:00. 5:15. *6:1S. €:40 p.' m.
EXTRA TRIPS— For Mill Valley and San
Rafael, on Mondays, Wednesdays and Satur-
days at 9:00 and 11:33 p. in.
SUNDAYS— •8:00. »10:00.. ni:3» a. m.. "1:18, "
S.16, *4:45. 6:30. S:00 p. m.
Train* marked <*) run to San Quentln.
FROM SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO.
-WEEK DAY&-8:JS. H:K. 7:43, 9:30 a. m,.
13:30. 1:45. "S:S9. 4:30. 5:20 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays. Wednesdays
and Saturdays at C:45 and 10:20 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 6:20. »8:00. . 'lOW. *U:45 a. m..
•1:40, »3:15. 4:«. »«:30 p. m..
Trains marked (*) start from Ban Quentla.
FROM MILL VALLEY TO SAN FRANCISCO '
WEEK DAYS-5M5. «:46. 7:55. 9:30 i.lm.
12:35. 2:10. 3:X0. 4:54. 5:20 p. m. '
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays, Wednesdays
and Saturdays at 7:10 and 10:20 p. m.
SUNDAYS-8:0S, 10:05 a. m.. ir:06, 1:15, J:3o.
5:C0, (:4S p. m. — 1< iifuMfci imfo— j«,
THROUOH TRAINS
•:B5 a, ou w»ek days— Caiadero and way sta-
tions.
. 1:4$ p. m. eaturdayi— Tomales and way sta-
tions.
1:00 a. m, Buaa»T*-TomaIe» and way sta-
tfc>n» • . ' ¦ — - --• -• - -- ' ¦:-. » ,
PEltSOXALS.
I.EDERKR'8 Foamo SAMPOO. 60 pkg: can't
do without It; hair-dressing, 25c MZ Stockton.
HIGHEST prices for caK-off clothing; call or
send poetal. 6SS Clay st.
BCT your coal of LANGE & GOFF. successors
to W. H. Wiseman, 1711 Sacto.; tel.Sutter 2776.
ELECTROLYSIS destroys^ smperfluoua i m i r>
melee; trial free. MISS EATON. 11U cutter.
&l"TTS to order from $15 up on easy payments.
The Rlchflleu. 700 Market St.. pear Geary.
SUITS to onier oa easy payments. Art Tailor-
lng Co., 1C44 Mkt.. under St. Nicholas Hotel.
OLD pold. silver, diamonds and precious stones
bought. J. K. JENKEL. S17 Market st_
HAIR culckly curled or waved by uslnp Tal-
cotfg curling fluid; 25c a bottle; druggists.
ALFMEDCMS Egyptian Henna; restores gray
hair to it< natural color; $1; at all druggists.
CAST-OFF clothing, old gold and silver bought;
Ffiid postal. COLEMAN'S, 506 Kearny et.
VHYSIC1AXS AXD BCBXSCOXS.
DR. C. C. O'DOrCNELL— Office and residence.
icnH Market at., between Sixth and Seventh.
HEAL ESTATE-— CITY---FOR SALE.
G. U. CMB?EX & CO
14 MOXTGOMERT STREET.
AUCTION!
AUCTIO N«.
AUCTIO N!
AUCTIO N!
AUCTIO N!
AUCTION!
At cur Ealeeroom. Monday, November 5, 1S0O. at
12 O'clock Noon.
CHOICE BUSINESS CORNER.
Partition Sale.
Nvv. eor. Jackson and Drumm sts.: lmprove-
raenrs contlat of 6 stores and lodging-house
rented to one tenant: $120 per month; lot 60x60.
HATES-ST. BUSINESS PROPERTY.
ACmlr.istrator'B Sale.
?51 and 453 Hayes et.. near Octavia; flat of 6
rooms acd bath, coal yard and stable: rents £u
r*r month; lot 25x129 to rear street; subject to
continuation by the Superior Court.
ADMINISTRATOR'S SALE.
An undivided half interest in the following J
properties, eubject to confirmation by the court;
NO. 1.
C4L U3 and 645 Halght st.. P. line, near FI11-
more Bt,; S I-story bav- window houses of 7
rooms and bath each; rer.tn J75 per month; ce-
ment walks; street accepted; lot 50x120 to rear
etreet.
NO 2.
Market «r_. B. line. bet. Noe and Castro sta.:
this choice lot la well situated and rapidly be-
coming choice business property; lot 32:10x121.
irrejrular.
PACIFIC HEIGHTS RESIDENCE.
2129 Green «... B. line, near Fillmore st. :
choice modern residence of 14 rooms and 2
bathe; commanding a marine view; lot S3:Jx
127 .-6.
DOWNTOWN INVESTMENT.
it. 24 and ?>. Mary St.. near 5th and Mission
rta.: 3 two-story houses of < rooms each: al-
¦way» rented; rent* J4* Per month: with little
outlay these renta could be considerably Im-
proved; lot 4Px76:2.
BRYANT-ST. INVESTMENT.
CSS and ."."r-j Bryant st., K. line, near Sd et.:
2 2ata of 8 rooms and bath each: rents $29 per
month ; street accepted : lot eurveyed and title
guaranteed by the California Title and Iniur-
anoe Co.: lot 25x80.
SOCTHSIDE INVESTMENT.
82 Morris ave.. bet. llarrisrei and Bryant. 5th
and €th rts. : improvements consist of 3 flats of
4 rooms each; rent? !"7 per month; cement side-
walk: street accent ed; bank mortgage of J1200
at C t>er cent can reirnirr.
CHOICE BCSIXE83 FROPEBTT.'
S9S3 and 3SS7 Seventeenth Ft., near Junction of
Market ar.d Castro rta. ; this desirable business
property COOSlata of store and rear cottage;
street accosted by the city: lot 50xl"Q.
CHOICE MAKKET-ST. LOT.
Market st.. N. line, near Church st.: lot 2Cx
126, irregular; str«?et liituminized and accepted
by the city.
For further particulars apply at our office.
G. H_ UMBPEN & CO..
14 Montgomery st.
THE cream cf Richmond lots; two of the
choicest lots in all of Richmond to be sold
immediately: submit your offer; what are
they worth tf> you? not rcuch money needed,
as I can make all arrangements; west side
ff Sixth ave.. between Clement Ft. and Point
I.ob«>s ave.; ;Sxi20 feet each; cars nasa In
front; ell street work dor.e; those locking for
a nice hrme, ea?y of access, nn easy terms
and st their own price will cal! at once; this
U a rare opportunity. W. J. GUNN. £3') Cali-
fornia ft., btt. Montgomery and Kearny.
CHOICE lot in Richmond on the elevated
pround: west fide of 10th ave., cIcm to Cle-
ment: 25x129: a pretty home on each side of
it: t i; >'' first riayment. J4u quarterly payments
to «u!t. W. J. GUNN. California St.
IF you have wpll-located property in the Ml»-
• f!ot). either vacant lets rr nice residence, and
you r*t!!v want to sell, then call on the under-
sig-r.e'5. \V. J. GU-NN, Z30 California st.
HAVE you property in the Potrero or Excelsior
irnrnwiwi Trartthst ymj want to sell? Then
" ca?T on'V.*. J. Gt'NN. BO Cailfornia st.
CHICKEN ranch to let. with cottage, stable,
r-hirker. hn^t-t-r. 210 Chenerj' ft. ; lot liSx210.
J. n. LETTia. 4J6 Montpomfry ft.. U to 2.
MAKE offer— Ix.t C;x?0; 49 Juniper St.. off FoI-
fom, bet. Tenth and Eleventh. Address box
SSC2. Ca'.J off;ce. ¦- -:¦•
MODERN houses built; lowest rrlces : plans and
estimates furr.i?^*3. Campbell. 1147 Mln^lon.
ItLWI, KSTATE COl.MRV For »*!«
A BARGAIN
t:25»— « acres: Fplendid view; adj. Bay Villa;
1 hour from San Fraricisco; 30 minute? to Oak-
land: two K. R. stations, one Santa Fe, adj.;
botwe and bams. Call or address H. G. F
POHRMAN. Stere, Contra Costa County.
tl*.ZO(>— SACRIFICE: Income fruit ranch near
Hayward?: fine impte. ; efTer wanted. Lay-
mar.ee Real Estate Co.. 460 «th et., Oakland.
FOR sale or lease — i\ acres near San Mateo;
irood eoil: perfectly level. 211 Church St..
near Market, call after 6 p. m.
R.EAL ESTATE WANTED.
A SMALL (trm. near town: no agents. Box
ZKX. Call offio*.
HKAL KVIATti To li.Vl. If A.\oK.
m/ GRIFFIN. Tl» Market «., room 1— Hundreds
cf farms end city property for exchange or
pale. Full particulars, call at my office.
NEW cottage, S rrr.8.. bath; lot 60x100; Mission;
rental tfrrr.*: and vacant 7"ts. 413 Kearny ut.
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS.
ALAMEDA REAL ESTATE.
122.0— AUCTION price; finest modern 5-room
cottare in Alameda; perfect plumbing; line
location: Z blocks from station & high school;
fair terms. A. O. Burns. 1501 Park. Alameda.
EXCHANGE.
KINE coal yars/ for rent; suitable for milk
depot or express or stables. Apply 2101 Cen-
tral ave.. Alameda.
BOl'SES TO LET — Fl'R.MSHED.
LOWER part of house, elegantly furnished;
b»*t location. 21C1 Central ave.. Alameda.
BERKELEY ADVERTISEMENTS
BERKELEY REAL ESTATE.
THERE'S MONET IN* IT. ~~
Only $1500: a fine piece of propertr. fronting
cn 3 streets; sire 12Cx270; Just one block from
r.ew school house site and just the place to
raise Doultry.
MASON & McLENATHEN.
Adjoining P. P.. Berkeley.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
OFFICE— 1118 BROADWAY.
OAKLAND nBAL ESTATE.
FOE cale In Oakland— Nine-room modern house,
built for home by da/* work; lot 60x132; 3
blocks from local etatlon.-best residence neigh-
borhood; for sale to close estate at $4750; less
than house cost. HEUON A HOLCOMB. 1060
nroa d way^ '
OAKLAND HOUSES TO LET.
GOOD hous**. Get list from GEO. W. ACS-
TIN & CO.. IOCS Broadway. Oakland. -
OAKLAND FCKXtTURE FOR SALE.
AN Introduction to you from II. Echellhaas, th«
furniture dealer. 11th and Frsnklln. Oakland.
ROOMS FOR HOUSEKEEPING.
EDDY. S2&-Sceona floor of 4 nicely furnished
rooms; newly papered; no children; splendid
location: private residence. -
ELLIS. <2U n^ar Larkln— Newly furnished front
room for housekeeping. flO; private family.
FIFTH, 33— 3 furnished housekeeping-, connect-
ing. $14; also 2, $12; also hallrooms. t* to t5.
GOLDEN GATE ave.. «22— Apartments, fur-
nished. 2 rooms; yard and laundry; tiO.
HOWARD. 111S-2 nice housekeeping rooms,
furnished, ti: also 1 housekeeping room. 15.
J-AItKIN. 8-14— 2 sunny back rooms furnished
for hou.'fKi t iriS, til.
LEAVEN WORTH. ElS-Easement of two Bunny
rooms; housekeeplcg; reasonable. " *-
UARKET. near Mason— 2 rootnu. furnished,
fofcUas bed. caa. no. Call 342 Kearny St.
nOOMS FOR HOUSEKEEPrXG.
OAK. Ill — 3 sunny nicely furnished rooms for
housekeeping; suitable for 2; gas stove.
OAK, 119—2 Eunny rooms, furnished for heavy
housekeeping. 310; yard. -
PIERCE. 34»— 2 or 3 furnished rooms for light
housekeeping; use of etove and gag.
SOUTH PARK, 184— Three sunny front rooms
nicely furnished; convenient for housekeeping.
TWO large room* furnished complete for house-
keeping: rent Jl 50 per -week: also one large
sunny room furnished complete for house-
keeping:, rent $1 2» per week. Apply at Shoe-
store. 562 Mission at., bet. 1st and-2d sts.
WEBSTER. 1542— Furnished rooms, EUitable for
housekeeping, or tingle.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
tubecriptions has been established at 1096
Valencia st. ¦' • ¦•
CLA£S1KIKL> sdvertisemems and subscriptions
lfcolved at Call brunch office. S200 Fillmore st.
HUOMS TO L12T — Furn. anil Cnfnrn,
A^BlCcKSWICK HouFeTl4T'sixth— Rooms 23c
to $1 per night; Jl 25 to $5 per week, and light
housekeeping: open all night.
BURNETT. 1426 Market (old No. 1!64)-Fur-
nished rms. suites, single; also unfurnished.
BUSH 020 (The Elk)— Changed hands; newly
renovated, nicely furn. sunny rcns., $150 to J7
week; 25c to \l 50 night. MRS. P. RAXFT.
BUSH. 627— Nicely furnlfhed sunny room to let.
CHESTNUT. 253. cor. Dupont— Furnished rooms
for housekeeping to let; cheap.
CLIFFORD, 204 Ellis, cor. Mason— Handsomely
furnished t-unny rooms; prices reasonable.
ELEVENTH. 120— Single room; clean and
quiet: t6.
! FOLPOM, P65.. cor. 6th (The Oliver)— New fur-
nished sunny rms., single or »nlte«; reasonable.
GEART. 4P5 (The Tcau-arre)- Elegantly furnished
rms; su!te« or ainrle: travelers accommodated.
GRAND SOUTH ICItX. southeast corner Seventh
I and Mission sts.— Sunny rooms, en suite or
Hir.ftle; ladies' parlor; reading-room; ejevator.
JOHNSON House. 12:^3 Folsom. SE. cor. 9th—
Sur.ny bay-wlmlnw rr.om fr,r gentlemen or
suite for 3: running water; «iulet house.
LARKIN fW 1 -— Lanre sunny room, suitable for
• 2 gentlemen;* gas and bath; -easonable.
I LAS PALMAS. ISC) Market »t. -Suite of ! or 3
rms.: private; bath: sin, rms. : board optional.
j MINNA. C67, corner Eighth— New furnished
bay-window room. $1 per week; transient.
j MISSION. 652. 1 block from Call— Fine double
rooms: permanent and transient,
I MISSION 1121— Newly renovated house; Finprle
and front rmt. ; also 2 housekpg.. rent $1').
NEV.' ARLINGTON. 1015 Market St.— Nicely
furnished rooms. $2 a week up: 35c a day up.
NICE Inside room, lady or gent. *3.. 1028 Mar-
ket st. : Inquire room 3, second floor. .
O'F^RRELL. 19— Sunny furnished rooms and
offices : elevator: electric lights: day, wk.. mo.
O FARRELL. 742— Nicely furnished Bunny par-
lor suite; light housekeeping; also other rms.
POLK 1143. corner Sutter— Two unfurnished
Bunny rooms. $5 each.
ROPEDALE House. 313 and 321 Eiiis fit.— Rooms,
nirjht 2."ic to Jl. week t\ 25 to $4; open night.
ROYAL House, 121 E!i!s st. -Incandescent light;
I reading-room, smoking-room and ladies' par-
!or: rooms, per nlKht. £x to ?1 50; week. $2 to
SS: month. JS to iSO; elevator on ground floor;
rocma with hot and cold water; baths.
SHERMAN Apartment House. 28 Eighth Bt.,
near Market— Furnished or unfurnished.
SIXTH. 1C6 — Suite of furnished rooms, suitable
for business; also email room.
BUTTER. 578— Sunny furnished rooms for first-
cJjifs physician, dentist or other business.
SUTTER. 717, near Taylor — Sunny, choice, rea-
sonable; please investigate; bath.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subsrriptions has been established at 1096
UOOMS. AXD IJO AKIJ.
MCALLISTER. 110>j— Room and board; gas and
bath; SIS; private family.
HOARD and rooms at 415 First st, near Har-
rison.
j FIRST-CLASS modern family hotel; very sunny
i rooms; fine table. 1604 California et,
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The Weekly Call,
16 pages. In wrapper, for mailing. $1 per year.
SPECIAL. XOTICK5.
ROOMS papered from 12 50: whitened $1 up;
painting done. Hartman Paint Co., 315 Third.
BAD tenants ejected for. 44: collections made;
city or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION CO..
415 Montgomery «t.. rooms 9-10; tel. 5SS0.
SEWING MACHOflBS AXU SUPPLIES.
SEWING machines repaired at Tour home;
drop card to L. J. OWEN, SS4 Fol?om st.
ALL kinds bought, pold. rented, exchanged; re-
pairing lowest rates; open even. 205 Fourth.
BOUGHT, sold, rented, repaired; needle? and
shuttles; reduced rates. 145 6th; phone Mint 45.
ALL kinds bought, boM and repairing guaran-
teed. Charles l'lambeok. 1915 Mission, nr. loth.
STORAGES AXU WAHEHOUSES.
EEKINS Van and Storage Co.. 722 Mission St.;
tel. Main 1S40; shipping at cut rates.
WILSON BROS., etrrrage and moving; covered
vans. ; Tenth and Market; phone South 7C2.
PACIFIC Ftoraze and Furniture Moving Com-
pany. 2320 Fillmore nt. ; phone Jackson Kl.
SLOT MACHINES.
BOUGHT and sold; new and second hand; large
display: very cheap. 927 Market, room 220.
TYPEWRITERS AXD SUPPLIES.
GREAT BARGAINS IN TYPEWRITERS— We
cell better machines for less money than any
house in the city; rentals, $3. The Typewriter
Exchange. 636 California; telephone Main 266.
ALWAYS bargains In typewriters; any make.
Write for prices to L i It. ALEXANDER,
110 Montgomery st.
DIVIDEND NOTICES.
DIVIDEND Notice— Dividend No. 110 (flfty
cents per share) of the Oceanic Steamship
Company will be payable at the ofllce of the
company, !27 Market Et., cn and after Thurs-
day. November i, 1800. Transfer books close
Friday. October 26. 1900, at 3 o'clock p. m.
K. H. SHKLDON. Secretary.
B1BTBS— MABBIA6ES— BEAM&
Birth, marriage and death notices sent by
mail will not be inserted. They must be handed
in at either of the publication offices and be
indorsed with the name and residence of per-
sons authorized to have the same published.
BORN.
LEWIS— In this city, October 20. 1300, to the
wife of I. K. Lewis, a son.
MANNING— In this city, October 26, 1900, to
the wife of George Manning, a son.
MARRIED.
REED— BERO— In this city. October 2S, 1300.
by the Rev. James Houghton, Edwin Reed
and Lizzie Berg, both of San Jose.
Byrne. Henry E. McKown, Jennie
Bird. Isabelle McAllister, Margaret
I>eaji. Emily C. Mitchell. Edna E.
Ehm. Charles A.' Owen, Walter, W.
Ebbinghausen, Henry Powers, John W.
Flinn. Elizabeth Rosenblum, H. L.
Greenberg. Mrs. Clara Redmond. Charles H.
Ou!ra.rd. Augusta Schach, Caroline
Goldsmith. Edward Bentz. Minnie
Heltzelmann. Peter Stohlmann. Antoln
Jyberg. Macnes P. ctta C.
Kelly, Thomas Wagner, Charles B.
Koeneman. Henry Walsh. Margaret
BYRNE- In thia city. October 28. 1900. Henry
Bdward, beloved infant son of Henry D. and
Julia A. Byrne, a native of Stockton, Cal.,
aged .4 months and 28 days.
BIRD— In this city. Octoher 27. 1900. Isabelle
Bird, a native of Ireland, aged 73 years.
*>EAN— In Alameda, October 28. 1900, .Emily C.
belovtd wife of P. A. Dean, a native of
Sweden, aged IS years 3 months and 7 days.
EHM— In this city, October 2S, 1900. Charles
Arthur Ehm. dearly beloved son of Paul J.
and Anthony R. Ehm, and brother of Paul
Jr., Iiosle> Florence. Dora, Ella and Oscar
Ehm, a native of England, aged 15 years 10
months and 25 days.
EBBINGHAUSEN— In this city. October 27.
1900, Henry Ebbinghausen. beloved father i of
Henry J.. - Edward. William. Laura and Al-
vin Ebbinghausen, Mrs. J. A. Epamer and
Mrs. H. F. Horetman. and brother of Frank'
Ebbinghausen of Lake County and the late
Mrs. Henry Meyerdierks, a native of ¦Han-
nover. Germany, aged 60 years and 5 months.
d7*Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Tuesday), at 1 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, C30 Ehotwell street, corner of Twenty-
HBNRY J. GALLAGHER CO.,
(Successor to Flannagan & Gallagher)
DANIEL P. DONOVAN. Mkt. " '
FUNERAL. DIRECTORS AND EMBALMERS,
20 Fifth St., opposite Lincoln School. ¦
Telephone South 80. ' '
AlcAVOY «fc CO.. 1
FUNERAL DIRECTORS tc EMBALMERS, I
1239 Market ct, between «th and 9th. I
Telephone South 247.' v ' i
AUCTION SALES
£* AT AUCTION fc£
' At the Palo Alto Stables. 220 O'Farrell St..
Tuesday. October 30. 11 a. m., 40 head of th«
finest draft and driving horses ever offered;
just from the country: all broken and gentle.
RATLBOAD TEAVZL.
ftOtlTIIKKX I-.4MKI4) COHPASIY.
(rAoirto «tntem.)
Train. !•»«• »n.l nr* du« (• itrrlt* •«
MAM r«l »."««• l»«o.
(Main Line. Foot «t Mark»< Street)
ixatb — Fnou OcroBsa 1, 13C0. — Atom
; •TiOOa Banidav Suiaon, Elmir*. VaoartUo.
Ujjus-j »u<1 rjaer»m«nto *7ilfcp
*7>«Oa Shut* Express— D&fla. Wllllanaffcv !
BarUett Sprisa), Willows, B*4
Blufl. Portland. *7»«3»
*7:3«a If irtiiiex. 8an Ramon, Vallejo. Nap*.
L'mIUk 8* »ud .S*nt» Rosa # Bil3»
•9:00a D»ila. Woodland. Kni^hU L»ndlnf.
ll*il»»ll!e. oro»llle.. •Trta-p
•S:«Oa AtUatln Kxprew— Ogden and East MarfSr
•S:Oo& KUea, Trier, Lathrop. Stockton *U:I3a
•»i:iua Ban Juso, Litr ruiore, htocktou,
lone. rtaer»m>-uu>. FUeerfULeh
M»rj»Tl!W. Chicn, K*J Bluff Mtl.tr
•111** OakcUlr, Chinese. Honor*. C*rt«r»... Mtlir
•W:OO* rUywmr.lfl. ,Nu«« »ud Way Stellona. •HrlS*
•»:OOa Le« Angeles Kipre»» — Martinet,
'i'ncj, Latiirop. Htockton, Usroed
Frvaiio tutlLcs Angola* *7il9y
•«:3Oi Vallitiu. Martiuu auU Way Stations *3i4ir
•I»:OU» Tha OerUu.l Limited— Cgden. D«.
»er, Om»ha. Chic*«» _ ••:43»
1 •H:«0a KUfs, Btooktoo. Sacramento, Men-
: ¦ dot*. Fresno, Uaoford. viaalia,
PorUrTills «lil3»
•11:00 a liTermore. Saoger. Ooshea Juno-
tlon. Bakenfield. Loa Angelas.....
•I*:«O M lUywarda. Mile* and Way BtaMooa. •«:«»
flt«Or t)»«aiaeiito lti»er Mteanran t3:OO»
•3ifH>r Hsywards. H.'.t • and W»y Stations. *0i 43»
•l:!)«r- Mwtiuex. Hau lUmon, Villijo.
Napn. C'all«t«g». Mauta ItotM ••ill*
MtOOr BtulcU. Winters. 8aor»n.«ato.
Wowlland. KulubU Laadiaa.
M.rj»«ill«. <)«o»lll« M«:ll»
, MtSOr HU«s.rjan JoMaudStoektoa •7il«f
*8>0«rTb« Owl IJmited- Tracy. Tnmo. ' *
lUkersdeld. Hangus for 3»«U Bat- ' '
V bara. Loa Amsies....... .......... *10il-ta
•StOOv Stockton *V>43*
*BrtM»r New Orlrau Kxttmb— ltak«rafl«id.
Hanta lUrbara. Loa Angslea. I)»m-
iug. Kl Patot Haw Orleans and
East *7i494
••iOOf naywant*. KUe*and-Han Jom «7.4i»a
f«:Oa r Valleju MStlSr
•••OUrOri«Dtal M»il-Ojdon. Cheyenne.
Omaba, Cblnfo *13s43r
•8:00y Orient *1 Mali— Oplun. Denter.
Omaha. Chicwo. Mil.ir
•TjOOp NUe> Tracy. Lalhrop. Stockton.... •ia>13r
•7iOOr «)r«fun aud CalUuruU Ki|ireM,Ha«.
ritmeatii toarjirlil*. ItaiMlnf.
I TurtlaiHl. Pugat Mon.,,1 aud Kaat # 9i«.3a
! |9i«Sp TilUJy, Fort CciU a.ul Way fltt-
tlons Ill.O4»r
CO4ST DITISIOM (.Narran ««¦««).
; (Foot of M.rWot Street.)
••iI3a Newark. UmitCT»ll|«,8auJo«o,If(<lton.
UondarCrtfk..S*iit»Crriiiud\V»»
SUUous •«>••»
; tstlOr Naw-rk CeuLerrllln, Sau Jom. N««
AlmaJao. Valtoo. Konidar Croek.
Bant* Cm aod l'rlneipal War
SuUotia i t«Oia«n
•iil-ip Newark, Han Jose. Los Gatos *flta«U
«lli43r Honun' Execnioa, San Jos* and
Way Stations fTr»*T
CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
rnaSlS rialCISCO — T-l t( Hirkit Stni. (SliaS)—
•7:15 9.00 11:00a.m. 11:03 'Isj 13:39
•«:oa t&ea *i-.nr.».
FriaOtlUIB— f«*( *r Br»4w>r.— *•:««» 8.09 10:00«.«.
tl2:C3 '1:30 t3:03 *3:C3 t«:53 < 3:C3r.M.
CO*vr DIT1MOX {Kroa.lHanifj.
(ThlrJ m t* Towptemi Sta)
Mtl*t Ocean View. .South .*Un Franciseo.. TtfiSOp
•7iO»a San Jom ••••! '7a< SUtlon* (New
Ahuatlar *>Vedne<Hlaisouly) *liBwv
•¦iOQa Hau Joaa. Tre* Plitoa. HmiU Cnis.
facilie flr.ua. faso Kubles. 8»n
J.iiU Olila|>o, Hnrf. Loaipoo aud
rrtnelpal War Station* Milrtp
•limo* Ban J<«o aud Way Stations. Ittll
•I Ii3<>* .San Josaauil Wa- HUUniia *3>3a)7
fSi-tSr Sail Mateo, Redwood, Menlo Park.
Palo Alto. HanU Clara. MauJoM.
Tree Pinoa. Hanta Crux. Sallnaa.
Monterey nuil Pacllia Gro»« flftiS..
fni3»r Han Josaaud Way riiatk»is *T:3»p
f4:ISrHanJo*aaudPrincIiial Way Stations '11:43*
t3:OOr&w Jose. Los Gatos and Principal-
Way SUtiona..... t9:OO*
•%-.:tnr Sau Jose ami Principal Way Stations **t33«
•H::t« r San Jose an.l Way .Scailitna ?•«:<>»»
all:4.-fcr San Jw.ml Way HUtiot.s *7i3i»
A for Morning. P f or Afternoon.
•Daily. . t Huuday exeented. lsuud»yonly
azxyxrtlxy <mJy.
————————————— ————— — — — .
CALIFORNIA N08TDWESTERN RY. CO.'
SAN FRAHGISGO AND NORTH PACIFIC
RAILWAY COMPANY.
Tlbaron Ferry. Foot ot Market St.
BAN FRANCISCO TO SAN RAFAEL.
TTEEK DATS— 7:30. S:00. 11:00 a. m.: 12:3S.
3:30. 8:10. t:30 p. m. Thursdays— Extra trip
at 11:30 o. m. Saturdays— Extr* trips at 1:10
and 11:30 d. m.
SUNDAYS— 8:00. 9:30. 11:00 a. m.: 1:SO. *:S0,
6:00. «:20 d. tn.
SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DATS— <aO, 7:50. »:M. 11:10 a. m.; 12:43.
3:40. 5:15 p. m. Saturdays— Extra trlpa at
1:!5 and C:33 cm.
SUNDAYS— 8:10. 9:40. 11:10 a. m.: 1:40, 1:40,
B:08. «::5 p. m.
Between San Francisco and Bdxnetxen Parie
same schedule as above. •
L?&t« J In Effect. I Arrive
Fan Francisco. [Apr. 15. 1900.) San Francisco.
Week I Ean- J I Sun- I Week
Days. | days. [ Destination.! days. | Days.
7:30 am S:00 »m , N'ovato. 10:40 ami »:40 am
1:30 pm 9:30 am Petaluma. 8:06 pm|10:J5 am
pm 5:00 pm Sant* Rosa. 7:35 pm t »:20 pra
Fulton.
7:30 am Windsor. 10:23 am.
Healdaburg'.
Lytton.
Oeyserville.
.1:30 pm 8:00 am Cloverdale. T:3S pm f:S> pfft
7:30 ami I Hopland I 110:23 in
1:30 pml 8:00 ami and Uklah. | t^5 pml 1:20 pm.
7:30 am 10:23 am,
8:00 am Guerneville. 7:33 pm
8:30 pm : I - .-' _. t:20 pm.
7:30 am 8:00 am Sonoma 1:15 am 8:49 am.
and
8:19 pm t:00 pm Glen Ellen. l:«pn «:Z9 pm.
7:30 ami 8:P0 ami ' 110 :Vl am 110:25 am.
1:30 pm| 6:00 pm| Sebastepol. I 7:88 pm| «:20 pm,
Stares connect at Santa Rosa far Mark West
Springs and White Sulphur Springs: at Fulton
for Altruna: at Lvtton for Lytton Springs : at
Geyservine for Skages Springs: at Cloverdal»
for the Cleyners: at Hopland for Duncan
EprlnM. Highland Sprlnps. KelseyviUe. Carls-
bad Sprinss. Soda Bay. I^keport and Bartlett
Sprlnsrs; at Ckiah for Vichy Springs. Saratoga.
Sprlnrs. Elue Lakes. Laurel D*ll Lake. Witter"
Springs, Upper Lake, Pomo, Potter Valley.
John Day's. River<de, Lterley-s. Bucknell's.
Panhedrln Hetthts. IlullvUle. Orr"s Hot
Eprines. Mendoclno City. Fcrt BraKT. West-
port. V*al. WilMts. Laytonvllle. Cummins.,
Bell's Springs. Harris. Olsen'a. Dyer. Scotia*
and Eureka. >
Saturday to Monday round trio tickets at
reduced rates.
On Sunday round trip tickets to all point*
feevond San Rafael at half rates.
Ticket officer, «50 Market et.. Chronicle bldaVi
H. C. WHITIN'O. R. X. RTAN.
General Manager, Gen. Pasa. Asent
Santa Fe
Trains— Dai| y
Leave Markit-street Ferry DepoU' /•
Lve; San Franclsco.l 9:00 a m *:10 p m! »:00 p m
Arr. Stockton 12:30 p m V.V> p m U«P«
•• Merced 2:« P m 1-W a m
" Fresno 4:20 pm 3.05 a ra
- ViXalla «:0»pm *:» » nx
" Tu'.are 1:22 pm »:10 a m,
« Hanford S:33 p m 7:W a vx
« Bakersneld ... 8:50pra 7.30 a m,
" Denver 10:00 a m — — —
" Kansas City... 5:13 p m
- Chlcasco *- 7:40 am ¦
j a . tn. train Is th« Overland Rxpresa. Corr»-
tpondlng train arrives at « p. m. dally.
4:10 p* m. Is Stockton Local. Correspondla*
train arrive* U:0i a. m. dally.
8 00 p. m. Is Fresno and Bakerafleld Express,
with Sleeping Cars for both cities Corr«»pcnd-
Inr train arrives at 8 a. m. dally.
OFFICES-641 Market st. and in Ferry Depot.
Fan Franctaco: 11H Broadway. Oakland.
MOUNT TAMALPAIS RAILWAY
Leaves San Francisco, vta Sausallto Ferry:
WEEK DAYS. ...9:15 a. m.; 1:43 and 4:00 p. m.
SUNDAYS S:00. 10:00. 11:30 and 1:13 p. m.
Fare. San Francisco to Summit r">* Return.
NEW TAVERN OF TAlf ALPAI3 SOW OPEN.
Ticket offices. <21 Market St.. SaaaaJlto Ferry.
f Ifek Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
fiSR^SJAin l»3»Iortiietr?atmento( Privata
r?LljV &f I>lseii3«rs, LofltManhiHKi. Dnbility or
i3 ; 5 I itS*V» iltrfeaneweurlncoii bodyandminaanj
iJVCScS'HV.S IMawaa^i Vht <loctorcureswbeu
Try birrs. Charsr*' low.
I*5^SiliCi34ur«'««uarnn:«T ». Callorwrlta.
Dr. J- *'¦ OIKBO.V. Ur»s i»37.Saa BVasdsca
THE WEEKLY CALL.
81 pep Year.
NUMBERS
- — or the—'
BENEFICENCIA PUBtICA
City of Mexico, October 25, 1900.
No. ¦•" ' -. Prize. No. Prize. No. Prize.
144 40 233.. 40 4S6 20
1 6S5 40 682 600 716 40
750 20 766 20 8i9 ,20
847 100 . 972 20 999 1W
1081. 100 11S9 20 1 1251 20
1449 '.. 90 1702 20 1704... ¦»
172S 40 1S35 40| 1849 -20
1SS0 20 2044 20| -"051 M
2152....:... 40 2227 201 22US> 20
2300 40 2332 20000J 2933 *>
2964 H» 3016. 100 3125 20
31S3 20 3220 40 340S 20U
¦3431 20 34S6 40 3638 40
3745 40 37S2 40 4145........ 20
4202......../ 1(* 4431 40 4518 41
4529........' 49 4610 103 4594 W
4636 . U0 4729........ 20 4736 200
4747 20 4SS3 .20 5025 20
5083.... 23 5142 20 5150 .41
5218 20 5224..: 49 557S 20
5767... 20 3789 20 5936 200
6158 .' 2'J 6171 40 62S7 70
G382 20 6511 20 6578 20
6898... 40 (>9<3 1000 .7367 100
7421 20 7423 100*7427 40
7556 20 7S73 20 7991 20
8019 20 SOU........ 40 8275 100
8284........ 100 8512 .... 20 S345 20
8604 l!0 8639 20 8717 200
8720 20 8793 40 SS40 20
88S1 40 91S7 40 9232 SO
0334.. 40 9372. 40 9400 40
9443.. 100 9469 20 9534 500
9537 200 9624 20 9626 10
9643 20 9721 .... 45 9789 20
6797 20 9837 40 98S9 20
9996 20 1002 J 20 10152 40
101S3.. 20 103U8 40 104T9." 40
10574 100 10731 100 10371 2U
11013 20 11019 20 11079 40
11233 IOC 1133 40 11393 20
11481 40 U437 40IH503 40
11506 20 11981 40112080 .' 20
12103 40 12241 20 12453 20
12469........ 20 12348 40 12360 100
12G19 .' 100 12817 20 12854 40
13036.. 20 13052 20 13218 20
132S0 -40 13439 40 13571. ..*.... 20
18827 40 13923 20 14037 20
14059 20 14160 20 1421S 20
14246 20 142S4 40 H543 , 20
14575 20 14662 40 14863 100
14711.' 20 14822........ 20 14856 20
149S5 100 15217 20 15277........ 20
15347 500 15644 20 15740 40
15371 40 15307 40 15981 20
16053........ 200 16373 20 16094 20
1628J 40 162S3. ....... 100 16430 40
16535 20 16393 100 166U 100
16809. J...... 100 16813 20 17221 20
17329 :.;. 20 17520 20 17727 20
17770 • 40 179>4. ....... 50018193 20
18373 40 18394........ 20 13121........ 20
1S54S... 20 1S551 40 18577 20
18591 20 18641 1000 1S7S7 40
18976 40 19010 40 19033 100
19192 40 19224 20 19231 40
19319 40 19390 40|19420 100
19515 20|19335 20119723 40
19731....-.:.. 20 19739 "40 19S94 40
19958 .... 100 19962 40 19988 43
20061 40 20087 40 20131 40
20235... 20 3)398... 40 20651 20
20703........ 20 20797 40 2093) 100
20976 .40 21002 20 21043 20
21070 40 21119 40 21123 20
211S3 4021283 20 21400 20
21451 200 21455 20 21603 23
21716 100 21723 20 21798 M
21827 100 21837 40 22079 ICO
22422 40 22469 20 22493 2)
22536 20 22591 40 22557 40
22695 20 22736 20 22763 100
22378 20|23006 40 23019 20
23177 40123273 20 23337 40
23387 ,.. 20 23465 20 23432 20
23535... 200 23561 • 20 23684 20
23711........ 100 23713 20 23779 20
23782 40 23797 40 23902 40
23916 20 23O1S 20 23946 20
240SS 2024197 2O|2432S 20
24331 20124SS2 40124394 W
24S18 40124665 20I247S0 20
24S74 1000 24833.. 200125007 100
25045 20 25135 20j25:39 20
25246 40 2534S 20|25331 40
25673 10O256S4 20 23791 20
2SS41 20 25859 20 25896 40
25913... 20 25332 100 2R212 40
2639S '.'00 2C7C9 40 26893 20
26981 20127030 20 27074 20
270S4 20127223 40 27369 20
27326 40127572 20 27574 20
277M: 40 27742 20 27832 20
27998... 40 28112 20 2S116 41
28126 40 28215 40 28229 40
28302 40 28344 20 28521 100
2S760 20 28777 40 2S8G6 20
2S905 .100 2S923 40 28930 23
290«4 40 2S432 20 29474 20
29481 20 29620 40 29R85.. ...... 2)
29838 20 29344 20 30009 41
30070 20 30103 20 30292 20
30404 20 30621 40 30674 20
3nc75 100 30683 40 30694 21
S0723 20 S0795 20130875 20
3090S 20130970 20 31069 100
31313 '" 40131371 20i31334... 40
31487 2013157C 200131604 20
SieW 4031778 40I31S08 23
31834...:.... 40 31963 20131996 43
32034 40132199 40132338 23
32553 20132559 45 32569 100
326S9 40 32778.. 20 32842 41
32973 100I3309J 20 33139 100
33175 40133371 20 33419 20
33471... 20133475........ 40 33384 21
32647 20134150 40 34191 20
344C8 40 34428. 100 34667 41
34839 40 34335 200135081 20
S5242 .... 20 352K7 ' 20I35333 29
35435 20 35663 20135676.. ...... 40
35719 20 33773 20 35781. :...... 41
3588S 40 35339 100 36(XI0 20
36159 20 36326 20 36410 40
36431 40 367S5 IV 20 36933 200
37087 200 37231 .'.. 100 37263 2ti
37290 20 37468... 200l37331 20
57057 20375Cl.(. .20 37670 lOfl
38118 '40 38236 40J3SS25 40
3S710 40 38732 40138775 20
88968........ 20 3S027 20i3y0S0.. l«0
39227 20 30314 2f)'3r»353 100
3S366 20 S9541 20 29632 40
59750 20 39913 100 40O19 40
40179 2O4020S 20 40239 43
403C0 20 40394 20 4^617 20
40782 20 40833. 200J4W5 20
40970 20 40097 20 41073 20
41267... 20 413S6 20 41630 100
41714 20 41733 20 41845* 20
41974 20 42f)Si 100 42257 40
42239........ 20 4235() 40 42443 20
423->5 40 42899 40 43038 2-)
43056 20 43159 100 43191 40
4J207 ' 20 43402 40 43427 ti
4355S 20 4.1567 40 43657 200
43942 20 43955 40 44277 40
44107 20 44326 40 44.730 100
44353 20 44626 20 45077 20
43171 20 45298 20 45409 40
45478 20 43534 20 4.V518 2i10
45704 20 45721 20 43832 23
45SS1 '.. 20 45SS3 20 45340 40
45361 20 46045 20 46034 20
46216 40 46245 20 40281 20
4fi416.» 40 46451 49 46435 2f)
46636.-. 20 46C70 40 4«762 20
45SS6 20 47053 20 47077 100
47178 5OO47322 20 47522 2A
47r.'<9.. 40 475S3 20U7674 100
47816 .. 2OO479HO 20'47!W> ¦ ' 40
4«i 4 7 20 U.SW9 2OI4K4O3 .' 2fl
4S5S7 20 48*>34 2d!4S«18 2M
4gC2. r i 20148725 20 48732..' 100
4SS0S 40|48-)») -40 49082 20
49167 20 49279 40 49337 100
4<.l-}83 20 49463 20 «S54 20
4357S 20 43650 20 43709 20
43S9S 40 50OS9 40 5019 » 20
50473 40 50473 40130670 41
50904 ' 20 50330 200I50933 30
50331 40 51001 4*>'5U65. ....... 100
51241 20 31622 40 51638 41
51543 100 516S1 100 51SS5 8)
r,l?46 40 52034 2O|520»0.. 20
52104 100 3:135 4152174 40
52231 100 5238'? 20 52571 2i)
E2617 2fl 52838... '. 2OI530-S9 '20
53155 40 53271 40|53679 40
'5373!)........' 40 53813 4.1133830 20
62929 BOO 53985 20*54260 20
54350 100 54433 40154331 21
5J717.. 100!54720 20i54748.V 20
547S6 '.. 2n|->4815 100154968 .... 20
5R20« 20155419. 20155433 ...40
55T.40 10QLS5564 40 35606... 40
55C24 20I55690 20 55732 20
55751 2OI3.V>3» 20 56022 41
R6107 2OJ56U6 4TR6478 20
56624 20 56643 2" 36933.. 40
(57021.. ...... 40157055 200 57062. V .' 20
67203........ 10037222.. ' 20157401 200
57427.. ...... 205730 40157702 20
i.8273 SnlfflOSS.- 20|5S376... *J
RS451... 2OI5U4S2 20|5S497 40
58517...... ..• 20'5S713... 40158839 40
58816 100I39O3S 20I51331 20
r,95!4 20159317 4115976? 20
59S30 ' 20|329fi8.. 20 60210 2fl
602T.4.... ' 20160278 40 60373 20
60309 20160472 20 60751 BOO
|)75; 4OI60SQ3 20|60?52........ -20
61146 100161170 100161203........ 100
61263 ...¦ 4061267 20161270 100
61292 20 61S92.. 100I6166S 100
61670.... ' 100 61777 20i61S33 .»
61928 20161969 20162059 40
6"177.. ...... 100162260 40| 62264....".... 20
62,T)9 20162430........ 1000!62-}37.. 20
62511.. 40|62666.. ...... 20!S2813 21
62874 ..„. 20:62937........ 2f>!«30$5.. 20
63071.." 20163212 40 63230 21)
63235 20163272 20 633S6........ 20
63417........ 20163502........ 20163523. ....... ' 40
63618.;::.... - 20I63736 20(63769 40
63563.:.. .... 2O.I641»3 2OI6U36.. ...... 100
64277..' 20'64478 2OI64672.. .. 40
64631 ¦ 20I64B92.... 20164821 2.1
64904.. 40164937 40 64984 20
64996........ 20163019........ 100 65029........ 20
65821.. ...... 20165829 40 65866.. .-.....,.. 20
65867 20165963 10n0l63n64... :" 20
66101........ 20166124... 40166150.'....... • 20
6<H67 • 20J66204 ...100166205... 20
66230.. 100166413.. .."....- 40166448 20
66482....'.'... 40166729.. .100 66758........ 20
66777.... 40166843.. ,20 66955........ 40
67224........ ¦ 20167361 40
67368 20167843 20167915........ 20
67926......:. 20168141........ 20168173 20
68241.:./ "40IP8238. .;..... 20168273. .' 100
68303.;...... -40168334....'...., 20168385.. 20
68406........" 100I6S408..... .;¦.'-. 40168437.. ...... ' 20
68341. ..;..•.. • 100I68350.. ....;. 20 1 6-S375... '.:.-... 20
CS777:.....;. 100I68S17.'. • 4OI68S21. ."....'.. • Hi
68889........' ' - 40168913 40!6SH«l 40
69133. ;..V... 20169171........ 20169201.'; : 40
6SSS0... 40 69398........ 100!6942S. ....... 20
69464.:%..... • :40!69477.. ...... 100169652... 40
69676........ 20169809.. 20 69967......... 20
7018J.. ....;.: 40170199.;...... .20 702«l... ;....: 20
40323........ " 20J703S6........ 20)70485........ 100
No*. C929, 18644. 24874. «24S0 and 65963 draw
each $1000. sold In San Francisco, Cal.: Kansa*
City. Mo.; Cincinnati. O.: St. Louis, Mo.; New
York City. N. T.: New Orleans. La.
DR. GREGORIO ORIVE.
For the Treasury Department.
U. BASSETTI. Manager.
APOLINAR CASTILLO. Intervenor. '
No. 77661 draws third capital prize of $10,000.
sold In Galveston. Texas.-. New York City. N.
-'. ; Nev Orleans, La. : St. Louis, Mo.
No. 2332 draws second capltcl prize of $20,000.
pold In Beaumont, Texas; Chicago, 111.; New
Orleans. La.: St. Louis, Mo.
No. 73096 draws first capital prize of $60,000,
sold in Monterey. N. L.; Mexico City. D. F.
Seven hundred and ninety-nine numbers end-
Ink- with 96, being the last two figures of the
number drawing the capital prize cf $20.000— $20.
Seven hundred and ninety-nine numbers end-
Ir.z with 32, being the last two flpures of th«
number drawing the capital prize of $20,000— $10.
TERMINAL PRIZES.
One hundred numbers from 73048 to 7314«. In-
clusive, being 60 numbers on each side of the
number drawing canltal prize of 1.60,000— $60.
Or.e hundred numbers, from 2232 to 2382. in-
clusive, being- 50 numbers on each side of the-
number drawing canltal prize of $20,000— J40.
One hundred numbers from 77611 to 77711. in-
clusive, being 50 numbers on each side of the
number drawing: capital prize of $10,000— $20.
APPROXIMATION PRIZES.
No. Prize. No. Prite.INo. Prize.
70740........ 100 70800 100 70930 .. 20
71094 2071128 20 71144 ;. 100
71246 40 71453 40 71543 10O
71615......... 40 71643 29 71899 40
71757 20718C1 2071953.. 100
72015........ 40 72023 .. • 40 72037 20
72067 20 72243 20 T2299 100
72328.. 40 71413 20171417 20
"2839 20 72316 40 72SS1 20
73096 60000 73142 20 73351 40
73454 20 73477.. 40 73590 500
73810 40 73907 . 20 73928 40
7S991 20 74083.; 20 74099 20
74232 .20 74517 20 74647 100
54667 20 746JW 20 74732 100
74747 40 75063 2n!75143 40
75143 20 75202 20175326 20
75382..; 40175433........ 20I754S6... 20
75513..: 40173535. 4ft!75fi«5 £>
75668 20175924 20i75337 ' 40
76034 500I7627S 40176277 10O
76427 20I7650S 100t76532 43
T6K7 40I76W5 20176300 20
76930 20176341 40177204 20
7T2S4 40)77367 20J772S3 100
77463 40177375 40 77599 41
"7661 10000177761 20<77913 20
77962.. 20 78049 100 78313 20
7S417 20 78437 20178470 40
7S512 20178519 20178795 20
78875 600178923 20179053 40
79126 40179173 2OI7J213 40
79306 20179319 200179452 40
79494 40179604 40I7S746 100
79945 • 40179981 20[
jryFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Monday), at 2 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence. 13 Geneva street, between Sixth and
Seventh. Brannan and Townsend. thence to
St. Rose's Church for services at 2:30 o'clock.
Interment Mount Calvary Cemetery.
K7The funeral will take place to-morrow
(Tuesday), at 9 "o'clock, from his late resi-
dence. 1416 Eighth street. Alameda. thence to
I. O. O. F. Cemetery via 10 o'clock creek
boat. Services by George H. Thomas Post,
G. A. R.. In the chapel, I. O. O. F.. at 12 m.
W ASH— In this city, October 27, 1900. Mar-
garet, beloved daughter of Margaret and. the
late Thomas Walsh, and sister of Lizzie and
Katie Walsh and Mrs. Christopher Pries, a
native of San Francisco, aged 14 years 11
months and 12 days.
(C7"The funeral will take place to-morrow
(Tuesday), at 2 o'clock, from the parlors of
H. F. Suhr & Co.. 1137 Mission street, be-
tween Seventh and Eighth. Interment pri-
vate.
WAGNER— In Alameda. October 2S. 1900.
Charles Blair Wagner, a native of Bellefonte.
Center County, Pa., aged 75 years 2 months
and '3 days.
CTTrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Monday), at 10 o'clock, from the parlors of
H. F. Suhr & Co.. 1137 Mission street. : be-
tween Seventh and Eighth. . Cremation at I.
O. O. F. Cemetery at 11 o'clock.
STOHLMANN— In this city. October 28. 1900.
Antoinette C. beloved wife of the late Wil-
liam Stohlmann. and- mother of 'William,
Henri' and Edward Stohlmann. Mrs. L.
Haake and Mrs. B. Schmidt, a native of Old-
enberg. Germany, aged 70 years 11 months
and 12 days.
E7" Notice of funeral hereafter.-
SENTZ— In this city, October 26, 1900, Minnie,
beloved wife of Rudolph Sentz, and aunt of
Mrs. Emile Vogelsang, a native of Baden,
Germany, aged 64 years 3 months and 22
day«. . •
IC7"Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Tuesday), at 9:30 o'clock, from his late resl-
denc, 2S12 Howard street, near Twenty-
fourth, thence to St.- Peter's Church. Ala-
bama street, between Twenty-fourth and
Twenty-fifth. wh«re a solemn requiem high
mass will be celebrated for the repose of his
soul, commencing at 10 o'clock. Interment
Mopnt. Calvary Cemetery.
SCHACH— In this city. October 27. 1900. Caro-
line, beloved wife of Charles Henry Schach,
mother of Carrie .A. and Charles Schach.
daughter of Henry Weydemann. and sister of
Charles. Gus and William Weydemann, a na-
tive of San Francisco, aged 36 years 8 months
and 13 days. (Sacramento papers please copy).
EyFriend* and acquaintances and members
of Golden Gate Lodge No. 129. I. O. B. B..
are respectfully invited to attend the funeral
Fervices this day (Monday), at 10 o'clock, at
the residence of Mr. O. Abraham. 1144 Turk
street. Interment Hills of Eternity Ceme-
tery by carriage. '
REDMO"ND— In this city. October 2?, 19C0.
Charles H., beloved husband of Kittle Red-
mond, and eon-ln-law of Mr. and Mrs. Dennis
Redmond, a native of . County Dublin, Ire-
land. . . . , '
ET'Interment Mount Calvary Cemetery, on
arrival of train from San Jose at Third and
Townsend streets at 10:40 o'clock this day
(Monday).
MITCHELL— In Oakland. October 28. 1900 Ed-
na Eliza, beloved daughter of John and Min-
nie A. Mitchell, a native of Oakland, aged 13
years 9 months and 9 days.
tr^TFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral services
this dey (Monday), at 2 o'clock, at the resi-
dence of her parents. 6S5 Thirty-sixth street,
Oakland.- Interment private.
OWEN— In this city. October 28.-1900. Walter
W.. beloved husband of Cordelia B. Owen.
and brother of Annie Owen Morris, a native
of Halifax. Virginia, aged 37 years.
POWERS— In this city. October 23. 1900. John
W.. beloved husband of Catherine Powers,
and rather of Robert, Alice and Katie Pow-
ers, a native of Ireland.
ROSENBLL'M-At Bartlett Springs. October 25.
ISOrt. II. L.. beloved husband of Sophie Ro*en-
blum, and brother cf Mary Abraham. Rachel
Hilborn. Theresa Davidson, Gussle Franken-
berg and Jennie and Samuel Rosenblum, a
native of Isbetz, Poland, aged 60 years 11
months and 9 days.
ETTriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the, funeral this day
(Monday), at 2 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence. 1009 Golden Gate avenue. Interment
Home of Peace Cemetery by 3:20 o'clock train
from Third and* Townlend streets.
HEITZELMANN— In this city. October 28,
1900, Peter, beloved • husband ¦ of Alvie B.
Heltzelmann. and father of Alvie M. Heitzel-
mann. a native of Germany., i
ISBERG— In Bartlett Springs, Lake County.
October 23, 1900, Magnes Potter Isberg. aged
43 years. A member of Magnolia Lodge No.
29. I. O. O. F.. of this city. .
KELLY— In this city. October 26. 1000. Thomas,
beloved husband of Mary Kelly, and ! father
of Esther Kelly, a" native of Isle of Man, aged
4S years 3 months and 14 days. (Stockton.
Cal.. and Chicago. 111., papers please copy.)
CTFriends and .acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Monday), at 2 o'clock, from the parlors of
the California Undertaking Company, 40!>
Powell street, near Post. Interment Laurel
Hill Cemetsry. • •
KOENEMAN— In Santa Oruz, October 2S. 1900
Ht-nry Koeneman, brother of John Koenp-
man. a native of Lesurn, Germany, aged 28
years nnd 10 months.
McKOWN-In this dtj\ October 27, , 1900. Jen-
nie, beloved daughter of William McKown,
nnd sister of Mrs. McCottery and Mrs. A.
Spaldlne and Alexander, Robert. William and
Abbie McKown. a native of California, aged
21 years 11 months and 21 days. .
ICTFrlenils and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Tuesdav). at l:S0 o'clock, from her late resl-
d>nce. 2711*4 Sutter street. Interment Cypress
Lawn Cemetery.
McALLISTETt— In San Jose. October 26 1900 nt
the residence of her sister, Mrs. John Mc-
Carthy. A lai-neda street, near Race. • Mar-
garet, beloved wife of Captain John McAllis-
ter, loving daughter of Ann Donovan, and sis-
ter of Jeremiah and James T. Donovan, a
native of San Francisco.
ETRemalns at the parlors of the Gantner
& Guntz Company, 1209 Mission street, be-
tween Eighth and Ninth.
GREENBERG — In this city. ¦ October 27. 1900
Mrs. Clara Greenberg. beloved mother of Mrs.
L. Tausslg and Sam C. Max C. and Samson
GreenberK. a native of Germany, aged 76
years 11 months and 13 days. ;
. (CTTriends and dbquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Monday), at 10:15 o"clock, from the family
residence, 315 Hyde street. Interment Home
of Peace Cemetery by 11:30 o'clock train from
Third and Townsend streets.
GUIRARD— In this city. October 2S. 1900 Au-
gusta, beloved wife of the late A. C. Guirard.
and .dearly beloved mother of Maxime C
Mary, Alice and Evelyn Guirard and MrB.
Genevleve A. Kldd, a native of New Orleans,
aged 58 years 3 months and 28 days.
GOLDSMITH— In this city. -October 27, 1900
Edward, beloved husband of Sarah. H. Gold-
smith, and father of Monroe A. and- Byron
E. Goldsmith, a native of .Germany, aged 56
y«\irs 5 months nnd 9 days.
first, and thence to Masonic Temple, "eorner
of Post and Montgomery streets, • where the
services will be held under tha auspices of
Hermann Lodge No. 127, F. and A. M.. com-
mencing: at 2 o'clock. , . Interment Masonic
I Cemetery.
FLINN— In this city. October 28, 1900, Elisa-
beth, dearly beloved wtfe of. William Flinn.
and beloved mother of -William P. Fllnn and
Mrs. J. C. Maguire, a native of Oregon, aged
El years 7 months and 11 days.':'. Trur.ks A traveling be ca.- Before bnyln» ¦©•
our "bureau trunk." A: E. Smith Co., 128 EUii.»
'.' Trapper's Oil cure* rh'eumatUm and neormlgla. I
; Drufflati,B0c flask." Richards & Co., m Civ.* 1
Swim at the Crystal Baths.
rtecomrnenfi^d , by phyelclaas. ."WAier always
cleaa'&afl, wina; Tub aetartment best ia city. •
Cork and 'poplar are the lightest woods
in the world and pomegranate one of the
heaviest; it is more than one-third heavier
than water. wSiStt&80$Si&£rc:--*'--' ¦ ¦¦- , ¦
All your money, refunded by % any dealer, If not
satisfied v. with : a ,' smoke " of the ' "American"
clear Havana dear. »_!<'. ' - ' ' ¦ ;:•
LOS ANGELES, Oct.' 28.-^The body /of
Arnold ¦ Miller,' waiter;. In £ a,'% restaurant,
who has Toeen missing for some time, was
tc-day found . In the river bottom. 5 Near
him .was a revolver,^with ' which he had
evidently > committed suicide. The act Is
ascribed to 111 health. ..: v.
Miller's; Body] Found.
Arrested > for Flourishing a Pistol.
For exhibiting a pistol in an angry arid
'.hreatenln? manner Eug-enio . Legnaiho
was arrested yesterday afternoon : by Of
ficer Murphy on Davis "street and booked
at the Harbor police station. Legnaiho
says he is employed as a shoemaker.
"»'*¦¦ ' it i ii i ii ¦ - * * . '
Ladles" ; tailor-made suiu. «llk aklrta. tar
eapea; liberal credit. M. Rothschild. 538 Sutter. •
Business Hen's Julius ¦ Kahn's Club.
The Husiness Men's Julius Kahn Club
has decided to hold a rally at Metropol
itan Temple next Thursday night. Con
gressman ..Kahn- and other speakers will
deliver addresses." , The club la composed
of. business- men,' irrespective^ of Congres
sional district lines, who believe that Mr.
Kahn'e Eervices'.to the commercial inter
ests of San • Francisco Justify his return
to Congress. •
HONOLULU. Oct: 20.— The steamship
Zealandla, with the Mystic Shrlners from
San Francisco, arrived at Hilo.v Hawaii,
last Thursday morning. The party ;vis-
Ite>d the volcano and were entertained In
the town. They expected to ¦ sail t this
morning and reach nere to-morrow. "
Are Entertained in the Town.
Excursion is t s Visit the : Volcano and
SHBINEES AT HILO.
i A. ; man :f giving his r- name ;.; as Thomas
Ryan caused Quite a disturbance on Mar
ket ; , street, '- between • Seventh ; and * Eighth ,
last night. 'I Charles - Lekus, who lives " at
919 *, Broadway,^Oakland, < was . .» w&lklng
toward i the [ ferry 1 when ' he felt his watch
grabbed" and turning caught Ryan In the
act* of * making : off with it. Peter Julius
of - 13 * Fourth street caught Ryan, who
bit -¦ his • finger -" severely, making t him let
go ; his hold.:-. Ryan was finally captured
by Policeman; J.:J.\ Reilly-after a hard
tussle. He was charged at. the City Prison
with attempted ".robbery. 'Julius- had his
injured * hand : treated 7 at • the ¦ Receiving
Hospital.- - •¦.-: ¦ . : -
Bobber Bites His Captor.
Ask to sec the Waterman Ideal Fountain
Pen. with a falcon shaped nib. It is cn
'tlrely n*w. .We have it, as well-as a full
line of Waterman. Swan and other foun
tain pens. Eanborn, Vail & Co., 711 Mar
ket street. ' •
Fountain Fens.
' .-.This favorite V steamer, under* command of
Captain,- Lawless," wH) sail for Papeete Novem
ber, 1st. Hitherto these charming: Islands of the
South. Sea?, have, been .reached by sailing- vessels,
requiring.' SO; to '40 days. 'but the time of new
steamship service JwlU be 10% days. A&k for
particulars- of the. low excursion rate at 643
Ma rket "street. • •.-',"¦ v .•".:, /, . •-.
The Australia", for : Tahiti.
In each case, without exception, accord
ing to the' unvarying * statement of, the
healer, "the | Lord blessed . and healed"
tho ailing one. There were more clamor
ing for treatment, n'ut" the 'hall had been
hired for: a limited time and if the work
of healing j went on j expenses would In
crease, while there iwould be no-further
lncrease'in receipts; at the; door. *
McLean's; lecture consisted -in', a rather
violent and not very Chrisilike harangue
against -the -newspapers, ¦ ministers, and
others who assert that he is an impostor.
He invited those who wanted to be healed
to occupy front- seats, and; later roundly
abused one inoffensive man who had-mis
understood . and ¦¦ gone .- forward \ though
physically sound. ? >. . -=.; - -'
The only sensation of. the evening's per
formance was furnished - by > a man who
gave his name as Mr. McDonald of 308 Va
lencia street. * He mounted tho stage with,
apparent difficulty, his left lee being stiff
and the knee bent .outward. He didn't
know what to, call. It, but wjtien McLean,
or Schlatter suggested locomotor, ataxia,
"McDonald" said, «"Yos, that is what the
doctors called it." ¦.•Schlatter, or' McLean,
said t be physicianst knewno "antidote"
¦for It. After the *. usual, mumblings of
prayers and gripping of the hand,. Mc-
Donald was pronounced cured. He walked
spryly ' from the • stage and ' hopped about
the hall as 'if overjoyed. * He; thanked -the
Lord and Schlatter, and then-explained he
would hurry home to tell his wife the good
news. Some of the spectators were duly
Impressed," but moat of them regarded the
cure . as a palpable " fake, 'perpetrated by
the^ aid of a "booster." It the man had
any ailment at all, It was : not •¦ locomotor
ataxia, and the entire ' part seemed re
heaised.-t.- v t .< '
A Mrs. Bittell of SCSI Twenty-first street,
an old lady,'' had 'paralysis, she said.£of
the lower "limbs, 'though she' was'iible to
walk : fairly . well; ¦; After treatment; she
walked much better and' said she felt as. if
she could do a skirt dance/ Her eyes are
very defective, but she forgot to say any
thing about them ajid- they 'were ; . not
cured. 1 ¦ If her legs are still supple to-day
she will go back next Sunday, night -and
see if the scales will fall: from her. eyes.
A Mrs. Lcale had come all the way. from
Sacramento ' to ¦ be : cured ¦ of t eczema. ; "The
Lord blessed . and ¦ heated her" in a = min
ute and five seconds.* "'¦*'" '"'¦ -"¦'¦
W. M. Parker of 1206 Market street' had
had ' asthma for : thirty-five ! years. - "Dr."
McLean, alias Schlatter, explained with
technical exactness that : "asthma -- is a
contraction -, of ¦ the nerves." Parker; was
blessed and healed., fe, a - ¦?«¦' ..s.
A Mrs; Cook of 182 De Long avenue said
she had had hearts trouble, lung trouble
and ; nervous prostration • from ¦ birth. She
was . cured — "just as ; easy." ' It . was indeed
a new. birth. for her if ¦ she had -had that
complication -'• all her life and- now; had
been- freed from it.
Andrew . Smith ; of V 417 Birch * street
limped forward with an ankle ; which had
been | broken and : Improperly ' set." - He * waa
"blessed and ¦ healed," ¦ as -- had ;been" " all
the : rest, ? but \ his ; limp uwas . just as pro
nounced as before., : •
Some '¦¦ of ' the • ailing ,' ones* , really believed
they I had I been , helped, I that their B weak
eyes '¦ felt i stronger >.orv, their -»* livers « less
troublesome.." Others " said « frankly v.that
they . felt no effect,! thouyh* they . liadi 'been j
"Dr." Charles McLean, who says that
he is Schlatter, the divine healer, and
that they were the bones of his | horse
and not of himself that were found In
the desert in 1894, gave ,. a lecture last
night at Hoover's Hall, on Market street,
opposite the St. Nicholas Hotel. One hun
dred and sixteen people paid 23 cents each
to hear - the lecture. .. Twenty-six of them
went on the stage, one by one, after the
lecture - for treatment for ailments run
ning the gamut of disease from eczema
to "internal trouble."
McLean • was * detected -by ¦ Rev. N. E.
Clemenson., the. dispatch says, in substi
tuting." a? card with -writing, on . It , for a
blank one while pretendlngito cure an old
woman > of ,¦ blindness.;. -The alleged healer
missed- no iODPortunity' after : that of as
sailing Rev. Mr. Cleraenson,' who Is highly
respected. ¦¦ ..'•• ; ¦ .
3 Dr. J. C. Slides, formerly of Denver,
who was ¦ intimately acquainted with tho
real " Schlatter, ¦ interrupted McLean by
saying: VYou'are not-.the^man who was
in Denver." . . ¦
McLean • called upon an: officer to eject
Dr."; Slides and said he would * not speak
another word until the doctor had retired.
McLean 5 went behind* the wings and re
appeared after | Slides had been persuaded
.to go." The : lecturer then roasted every
body who -had denounced him and entered
into: a tirade against the laxitv of Ameri
can law. ¦.. ¦•. ~: .- ¦¦: •- *;
, Schlatter, otherwise McLean, made an
other address in closing, He repeated . his
little fictions about . having been offered
$5,000,000 by one woman in New York.
$2,000,000 by another and $1,000,000 by a
third, all of which he refused. -Croker had
given " him $5000. He had often received
$1000 for an hour's lecture he was
worth more as a lecturer than Bryan or
McKinley If he cared for money at all.
He said a great deal of money had been
bet in San Francisco that; ho would not
be able to effect cures and . now that
money had been lost the losers would
be wild with rage and, the. newspapers
would .froth at -the mouth and denounce
him., but those infidel editors had better
have a care; for: friends were raised up
to •¦defend ..him . and' they sometimes
wreaked vengeance on his defamers.
¦¦ A despatch -frflm : Salt Lake ; states that
McLean delivered lectures .there on the
afternoon and evening: of October 14. He
said he raised people » from the dead
whenever the Lord commanded him to do
SO.' ••; " ¦;';" , '¦-"¦¦ ' • ' ' . '. : '
pronounced "healed and blessed." Among
these were a lady stenographer employed
by the Railroad Commissioners, treated
for her eyes, and Miss Emily von Eschen
of 2023 Golden Gate avenue, treated for
liver and stomach troubles.
Schlatter's Mimic Shows Neither- Ghristlike
Humility Nor Miracles.
DIVI N E HEALER HOLDS
FORTH TO CREDULOUS
Gordon's friends -in the company deny
that. he was-lnany way responsible for
her attempt on her life, and say that it
was a case of misplaced affection. She
has attempted to secure a divorce, but
has so far been unsuccessful.
Mrs. Tomlinson was hysterical after her
arrival at the Receiving Hospital and
could give no reason for her act. She ad
mitted to be'ns? 42 years of age and having
been marr.'ed to a man named Frank Tom
linson some years ago. She became enam
ored of a man named Jules, leader of an
orchestra In a Boston theater, but as she
was. unable to secure, a divorce from her
former husband seemed to pine over the
matter. Twice before she made similar
attempts, with results as unsatisfactory
as that of yesterday.
As Belle Murphy, w, of the" king of
the opium ring. Mrs. Tomllnson'a part
was one that called for a display of af
fection between herself and Gordon, who
plays the part of the captain of the harbor
police, and throughout the varying parts
of the melodrama they seemed to be in the
best of accord. -..>.->'
When the actress appeared on the stage
yesterday afternoon no one suspected that
she had designs on her life. She went
through her part with her usual sang
froid and retired at the close of the per
formance to the room assigned to her.
From that time until the hour came for
her to appear on the Btage she was not
missed. Then the callboy went to sum
moq-her -and found her. after alarminj?
the emergency staff, lying on the floor,
fully dressed, with the gas turned on.
What prompted this act on her part
neither her friends nor. the members of
the company seem to know. Each one has
a different version to tell. Some say that
6he»was married to Gordon and that an
other member of the company enjoyed his
Rood graces, and that he neglected Mrs.
Tomlinson.
were applied and she was some hours
later removed to the Receiving Hospital.
Under treatment she quickly recovered
and is now at her room In the Ashworth
House.
Just what led to the attempt at suicide
is not known. In Mrs, Tomlinson's room
were found a number of pieces of senti
mental poetry having no connection with
the case. Her name has been coupled with
that of James Gordon, who plays the part
of Captain - von Stonton.,but apparently
he has nothing to do with her attempt at
suicide.
Mrs- Lizzie Tomlinson of "King -of Opium
Ring" Company Attempts Suicide.
Mr*. Ldzzi*> Tomllnson. an actress em
ployed at the AJhaxabra Theater, at
tempted to end her ;lfe yesterday after
noon by turning on the gas in her dress
ing-room after the close of the ma.tlnee.
Some of the attaches of the theater
EmeUed gas before the evening perform
ance and traced the odor to the woman's
dressing-room.
The door was looked on the inside, but
it took but a few moments to batter "-it
down. Mrs. Tomlinson war found lying
en the floor with the gas fullv turned on
and in a state of collapse. Restoratives
DISCOVERED IN TIME
BY THEATER ATTACHES
A scene of rlojt and disorder character
ized a meeting of the Chinese at- the head
quarters of the Six Companies yesterday.
Nearly 400 heathens, wildly gesticulating
and uttering threats, required the atten
tion of the police, and for a time it ap
peared as if serious trouble would Hbsult.
The clash was between the Six Compa
nies and the Chinese residents, who claim
the officers of the former were trying to
blackmail them.
Recently, it is alleged, the president of
the Six* Companies issued a proclamation
to the effect that all Chinese leaving this
port for China must secure certilicates
indorsed by him,- and. upon their, arrival
In their native land should employ an
attorney who , would testify as to their
pood character and intentions upon being
shown the certificate. The Chinese say
that the fee3 for this so-called "protec
tion" would amount to about J300. A fail
ure to do this, the proclamation read,
would cause the traveler to be identified
as a. Boxer and executed:-
The Chinese residents demurred, and
the cry. of blackmail was raised. They
uttered ugly threats against the officers
of the Six Companies and the meeting
yesterday was called to adjust the mat
ter. • - ¦•¦:¦.,.-•.. ..
. Those who attended the meeting came
prepared to make trouble, and the officers
of the Six Companies were . escorted to
the hall by Policemen Robert Connor and
M J. Cooney, Their appearance was tho
signal for the outburst of dissatisfaction,
and additional policemen were summoned
and charged the. crowd several times to
prevent violence .being done. senti
ment was so strong against the officers
of the Six Companies that they finally
withdrew the proclamation and the mob
dispersed. •
Last' night Detective Ed Gibson ar
rested Wong Hing and placed his name
on the detinue book at the ' Central Sta
tion. Hing is suspected of being one. of
the ¦ highbinders who held up the keeper
of the Oriental gambling house and took
$1500 last week. The arrest. was made on
Dupont street shortly- after 11 o!clock.
The detective expects to land the ten men
implicated in the bold robbery. . - -;
Pour Hundred Heathens
•Cause Wild Disorder
at Meeting.
THREATEN THE
OFFICIALS OF
SIX COMPANIES
Chevalier de Vilbrae, Georse Parker; bar
oness. Julia M. Snydor: servant. Nina Melville;
Countess Leeualler, Etta Culbreth.
"The. Star-spangled Banner." with Miss
Culbreth as soloist and ¦ the audience as
the chorus, will terminate the evening's
social. • . • ., •
The affair will conclude with a comedi
etta called "A Comical" Countess," with
the following cast:
Mrs. Julia Melville' Siiyder has arranged
a musical and literary programme for the
entertainment of the men's club of the
Good Samaritan Mission at Second and
Folsom streets Wednesday, evening. The
club extends an invitation to the pubile
to attend. The following programme will
be provided by "Mrs. Snyder, assisted by
her pupils: "•¦ • '
Piano solo, JJlna'< Melville; eons and dance.
J. Parker: dance. Ashton Boardman: song. Et
ta Culbreth: recitation, Henry Mathewson: pi
ano solo. Nina Melville; dance, A. Boardman;
song and dance, J. Parker and A. Boardman.
Musical Notes.
The first explanatory piano recital on
Wagner's "Der Ring des Nibelungen," by
Walter Damrosch, under the direction of
C. ' L. Graff, will take place Wednesday
next. The first afternoon's recital will-be
"Das Itheinfrold." On Friday the-selec
tion Will be "Die YValkure. There will
be two more next week.
The Olympia announces Pamplln, the
Australian juggler, and Eddie J. Mack,
buck and wing dancer, as star attractions
for the week. -v--- ;.
The new bill which opens at the Chutes
to-day includes Young and Saville, char
acter comedians; Wise and Milton, col
ored vaudeville stars; Edna Davenport,
soubrette; Little Claire Fex, in character
Impersonations; Henderson and Evers. vo
calists; Azara. In poses plastiques, show
ing pictures of political candidates, and
the animated pictures.. ' .
droni. Puerrari. . Ovando and Vargas— all
but the last-named late members of the
defunct Azzali Opera Company.
"The King of the Opium Ring" deals
with opium smuggling in San Francistfo.
with opium joints, white victims of the
"pipe habit."highbinders. Little Petes and
the rest of It, and is interspersed with
clever vaudeville turns done by really
clever vaudeville artists; but of reaso'n
able plot there is none. There are many
clever folk on the programme. Mazji
Molyneux as Maggie Peck has a joyful
comedy sense and does an excellent turn.
Laurette Cooney is a brilliant, vivacious—
slightly too vivacious— young damsel of
the soubrette type. Fred Douglas as the
"opium king" does the heavy villain in a
satisfactorily ponderous fashion, and Wan
Sing, done by Louis Morrell, is a good
though not inspired portrait of the Chi
nese highbinder. George A. Weller as
Ironsides is only indifferently satisfactory.
He rants to weariness— the part perhaps
demands it. Miss Lizzie Mulvey does a
Easterner; but the humor Is largely un
conscious, or the .authors are cleverer
playwrights than is apparent at a first
glance.
IT Is to laugh at the Alhambra Theater
this week, with "The King of the
Opium Ring," by Charles E. Blaney
and Charles A. Taylor — to laugh with
every risible thread afforded by un
generous nature, at the delicious absurdi
ties, joyous impossibilities and hilarious
hurly-burly of this beautiful Oriental
hash.
The plot of the play is a nlc<» combina
tion of Laura Jean Libbey, Nick Carter
and a dash of Charles D. Hoyt, as the au
thors program ma tically confess. "No at
tempt has been made to Introduce high art
find moral teachings. While upholding the
virtue* of the sir.ner, rare has been taken
to <iis<-ouraee vice and ofFer no offense to
morals. To instruct and entertain is its
whole object."
In the latter purpose the play succeeds
admirably — ore is entertained almost to
?•xtlnrtlon. and the instruction Is probably
inoffcr:HV.?ly intended for the unwary
MISS LAURETTE COONEY, THE FASCINATING LITTLE SOUBRETTE "
OF THE "KING OF.' THE OPIUM RING" COMPA?TY. WHICH IS
PLAYING TO CROWDED HOUSES AT THE ALHAMBRA.
M2SS MAUD WHITE, THE LEADING LADY OF STUART ROBSON'S
COMPANY, AS MARY HORNJiCK IN "OLIVER GOLDSMITH," NOW
BEING PRODUCED AT THE COLUMBIA.
Fischer's Concert-house has returned to
its former fashion of including an act
from some favorite opera upon Its bill.
This week the fourth act of "Ernani" will
be given, with Facci,< Franco, Alessan-
The Orpheum announces as headlines
James F. Dolan and Ida Lenarr. present
ing the one-act comedietta, "A High
toned Burglar"— "the best one-act sketch
I have seen on the vaudeville stage." says
Alan Dale, the New .York critic. Prellt-'s
talking dogy, Johnson. Rlano and Bentley,
a.nd Howard and Bland are the other new
names.
At the Alcazar Theater the romantic
drama. "Northern Lights," will be the
week's bill, and an exceptionally interest
ing production, from a scenic standpoint
more especially, is promised. •
"Carmen" will again be the alternating
bill, and there is no apparent diminution
of interest In the opera as sung by the
present cast.
By special request the Tivoli Opera.
House will revive "Alda" this week with
Barbareschl and Castellano as the prin
cipals. The Aida of Barbareschi and
Castellano's Radames, as given by
them at the California Theater during tho
Azzali engagement, are remembered with
much pleasure.
• • •
The cast will include, among others,
Maude White,- Jeffreys Lewis. EUen Mor
timer. May Ten Broeck, John E. Henshaw.
A. Weaver Sr.. Stephen Grattan and
Beaumont Smith.
At the Columbia Theater to-night Stuart
Robson begins a two weeks' engagement
with his latest comedy success, "Oliver
Goldsmith," especially written for hlnrrby
Augustus Thomas. It Is understood that
Mr. Robson's conception of the genius
who "wrote like an angel and talked like
poor Poll" "is one of the best in the clever
actor's repertoire, and that the play ranks
with the author's "Alabama," "Arizona"
and "In Mizzoura."
"For Her Sake," "the most powerful of
aii Russian melodramas," according to
the programmes, opened Its run at the
California last evening to a crowded
house. It was a pleasant crowd in the
balcony and lower floor, but an unpleas
ant one In the gallery, .which caused the
leading man to pause long enough in the
third act . to reprimand a few noisy
persons who persisted in adding their
comments to the text of the piece. While
there is no villain in the play, the play
is full of villainy, and what seems to be
the villain is not unmasked until the
fourth act. when he turns virtuous under
the arguments of a lady in green velvet,
and undoes all the mischief he thought
he was doing. The acts are full of shiv
ers, and it needs not the setting of stage
snow in the last to add to the chilly ef
fect. There are plots enough to run
through four acts more, and counter plots
sufficient to build four more upon, but
dramatic limits must npt be overstepped
and so the whole is crowded into a
quartet. The leading lady is. sold as a
slave In the first act: there is a man
killed in the second, by mistake, however;
the hero and heroine are sent to Siberia
in the fhird. through the machinations
of the hero's mother, and it takes the
whole of the fourth act to. catch them
on the read to the mines and rescue them
from the frozen scenery. The hero, Prince
Vlademar Radesky, is portrayed by. Irvin
Blunkall. who is good. He made his best
hit ¦ when he "called .down" the gallery."
The heroine, Olga is her name, Is por
trayed by Lyllian Atwood, who deserves
the big type she is awarded in the pro
gramme. The support is good.
fine buck and wing dance. Barbara Doug
las and Gertrude Claire make the most of
their ungrateful parts, and Frank B.
Hayes Is a good enough Oriental as Hop
Toy. Some excellent gymnastic work Is
done by the Wilson brothers, and the Dale
brothers — one of . whom has studied his
"Walter Jones to advantage— add largely
to the Joys of living.
A tremendous crowd greeted the play.
"Mor Her Sake" Opfes to a Crowded -Homs©- at tlifev^ Calif ©reiia.
"Oliver Goldsmith" to Hold Forth -M- the ::£©ta ¦¦.
"TOE KING OF THE OPIUM RING" FILLS ALHAMBRA
AND GREATLY DELIGHTS THE HUGE AUDIENCE
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, OCTOBER- 29, 1900.
* « •
12
. I». ROHCOE 31 rSCLTT, M. D.
26 JJ Krarny St^ San Francisco, CaL
DR.MCNULTY.
T"HI3WEtJ,KNOVTM ANDKKLIABLB OtD
.1 8pecl3llstcwreaBIo«Ml Poison, GonorrbcBa.Gleet,
8tr!ctnr<«, M>m iiml Wenfeness, Ira |>ot*ncp and tbelr
allied Disorders. Book on Diseases of Men. free.
Ov*»r20yearVi>xper<eiica.T>rnj* reasonable. Hoar*.
9to.3daHy;a:a)tr>3.30»»v'Ks. SandHT^.jntr. 12. C>nsul-
Utioufreeand sacredly conflcicntlal. Coll or address
IA/.-T. HESS.
Tenth Floor, Room 1015, Claua Spreckala Bids.
Telephone Brown $31.
Residence SZl California St.. below Powall.
Ban Francisco.
Weekly Call, $1 per Year
; For Hallowe'en parties we
offer new" nuts— raisins-
figs— Swiss chocolates for^
f avo r s 1 — strawberry and
raspberry ice w a~f e r s—
stuffed ; dates— crimped pa-
per cases for, salted almonds
land-glace'-friiits-^California
ichestriuts— • sweet cider *
German sausages — goose-liver —
truffle SardeUen —
Braunsweiger and Lachsschinken
German blue enamelled ware with
gold trimmings — houselwld and
cooking utensils
SPECIAL SAVING SALE
Monday Tuesday Wednesday
*» ¦ "¦¦'.. '
Butter-Tcreamery -- * Ib 25C
Cut to order— full weight— reg'ly 27}c
This is equal to 40c square
Coffee— Pasha 2J%C
This blend has remained unchanged
since its introduction— reg'ly 35c Ib
Puree de foie gras 20c
Teyssonneau's popular goose liver
paste for sandwiches—reg'ly 25c can
Burgundy— flinre/Z Mountain 45c
A rich fruity wine — heavy body —
- can be diluted one-third-rcg'ly 75c gal
AsparagUS-"Our CAofce" _ 2OC
Selected pieces— grown and packed
on Bouidin Island— reg'ly 25c can
Pineapple— Singapore 1 2 Jc
Sliced to the core— good quality—
reg'ly 15c can
Sweet wjnes— iMported * 75c
Port— sherry— madeira— healthful
and invigorating— reg'ly $1 bottle'
Can ned f ru i ts— Alcaide j c C
Pears—apricots— crawford
peaches— plums— qi nces— nectarines,
—blackberries— currants and grapes—*
reg'ly 20c can
Rice— No. 1 head 17 lbs $ 1
Clean—large kernels— extra
selected— reg'ly 14 lbs
Shoe polish-^cm« !2 ic
The best blackin? for mens —
womens and children's shoes— water
proof— reg'ly 15c bottle
tea rusks — Dublin lemon— raspberry
ice and Italian wafers
1 Ib cartons imported Malaga raisins
Smyrna layer jigs .
Locottm figs in baskets- i; i: *
Pine-nuts-ralmonds— walnuts
Holiday groceries shipped
free to the soldiers in Ma-
nila — first steamer sails
Nov. 1st— orders should be
left at once
DELICATE FEASTING
i Roast pigeon stuffed
Seeded raisins
Fancy black figs .
Suchard's chocolate confections l|r *
Huntley <fc Palmer biscuits
Dinner — olive — opera — wheatmeal —
GOLDBERG
BQWEN
XCD
NB vv
DRESS FABHIboI
THREE EXCELLENT VALUES,
43-INCH IMPORTED PRUNELLA, a new
fabric -for Fall wear, fine twill and satin
finish, complete assortment of new color-
inrjs— Tans, Modes, Old Rose, Castor,
Navus and Red,
Price $1.75 Yard.
50-INCH SATIN VENETIENNE, all new Fall
shades of Blues, Automobile, Modes,
Greus, Reds and Castor.
Price tbLSSo Yard.
38-INCH WIDE LANSDOWNE, the new silk
and wool fabric for waists and bouse
rjowns, in all the new pastel shades,
Price $1.00 Yard.
istotb. \
In writing for samples of alJOYe goods
M please state color and price wanted.
FXTRA SPFCIAl'i
700 REMNANTS DRESS GOODS, In all wool
and silk and wool materials, also Cheviots,
Serges, HomesDuns.Henrlettasand Plaids,
lengths from I2 to 7 uards each.
All at Less Than Half Price.
HI, 113; 115. 117, 119, 121 POST STREET,^
6QLDBIB3, BOWES * CO'S SPECIAL SAVISO SALS
GOLDBERQ, B0WEN ft CO'S SPECIAL SAVINS SALS
Malt whisky 75c
Wm. Penn or Duffy— on: own
bottling is the best medicinal malt
whisky we sell — reg'ly 85c and ti bot
Borax soap 7 for 25c
Snow Flake— reg'ly 5c cake
Quick cleansing properties. — lathers
quickly in hard water — pure white —
BaCOn—^«rrw-reg'Iy 20c 1b 18 Jc
Under this brand consumers are
' assured of the very best procurable
Creme de cacoa-Brtzard 75c
A Ia vanille — a wholesome and
popular French cordial — reg'ly 90c bot
Molasses 55c
Slightly dark— but with a goed old
fashioned flavor — reg'ly 75c gallon can
Evaporated apples 4 it* 25c
Clean white fruit— stew with
apricots md serve with cream for
dessert— reg'ly 3 lbs for 25c
French soap-rcg'iy 75c ¦ 60c
Pinaud— Roger dt Gillet
Box of 3 cakes — assorted odors
Tooth paste— Wright 2 for 25c
Thymolmyrrh— reg'ly 15c tube
Send for our big illustrated
catalogue and see how rea-
sonable Good Groceries sell
for here
4ji Pine *32 Sutter 1800 California Saa FVaadKo
1073 Clay between Eleventh and Twelfth Oakland
AN KLEOAST SEUECTIO2T.
Ocullata'^ preacrlptlons filled. Factory oa
premises. Quick repalrlns. Phone, Main 10.
OPTICIANS^ H0 >f;~-
642 Market 5t. instruments
under chromicu BUH.0IM&. CaTAICGUC FrEC.
Opera
Glasses,
Lorgnettes,
Big Sale.
Yellow and Rockingham
Ware \
Wb.lns Sox-. Is. 4-6-8-i2«iOct» :
B*U.ini; 31 ill -4 inch 4 eta
' t TlaUiitfi DIhIi— 6 tiicti .... Acts
' BaU!i>i Dish— 7 inch ..Sets
Baking: DiHh-8 Inch ...i2ct«
Rebecca Tea Pots'
........ n. 16, so and 24 cts
Jardinieres and Cuspidors
Caspitorc lo.ijand JSCts
Jsrdliiler«8 '.
• «._.I3, tS, 27, &t, 40, 30 ctm '.
We are Cutting: Prvces
nil to pieces During; Our
Hig: Clearance Sale.
Great AmoriGanlmportiflj Tsa Cf;
£10 Grant ave.. bet. Sutter and Po«t sis.
Ml Markrt rt., avr>. I'oweJI.
£2 Market ft., junction California.
OUR BRANCH STORM EVERT WHERE..
W H I T E COTTOLENE IS
guaranteed for its quality and
purity.
ja^jrj?;!?!) The N.K.FsIrbank Company,
l T^_*njK_?£\ Cbicago— bole ilaaalacturcr*.'
tw^SJS' FREE! Otir rt »i Et r t»owet
' H£¥«Krf$ l t * Vk - JC - I -A l'ubllo Seem."
&n'i i Wpf*J ra *U' d f»*etoanj-«xldr*f». Yor
'MkZ-^J"ii r>r,tir Hump ret will wnd fi-w> our
lr**BSvtf& 1S5 f**** rrrt r-* book. "Home
1| Cc3"*2SLP' Helpk" edited Ly Mra. It«r^r,
PA1NL.E ~S
¦ rt^|_B r *U% OEART STREET
Between Hyde f ?fi Xi^rK*"! ¦
PALACE AND
GRAND HOTELS
Tho best evidence of the popularity "of
these hotels can be found la tho contimi*i
patronage of those who on some previous
occasion have made them their - head- ¦
quarters when visiting San Francisco, r
Connected by a covered passageway and
operated under cue management on tli»
American and European plan. I