KEEP YOUR EYES ON THE SPOT!
THE PRESIDENT
VERY CONFIDENT
OF RE-ELECTION
WOULD FURTHER
REDUCE PEKING
LEGATION GUARD
arrived in the city yesterday forenoon nnd
went to the Occidental Hotel. In the aft
ernoon ho was visited at his hotel by
United States Senator George C. Perkins
and the two discussed the merits of appli
cants for the office of Collector of Cus
toms. . ¦ . \ . .
Senator Bard is inclined to recommend
that no action -be taken with reference to
the selection of Colonel. Jackson's succes
sor until the result of the Presidential
election has been announced. It is under
stood that Senator. Perkins favors imme
diate recommendation to the President.
< Indorsements obtained by Joseph S.
Spear Jr. for Surveyor of Customs and W.
B. Hamilton cashier ¦ of . the Custom-house
were presented to Senator Bard yesterday.
The Senator also had the pleasure of a
visit from each of these applicants.
John T. Dare, United States Appraiser,
returned from New York yesterday. He
13 an applicant for the office of Collector,
but has not presented his letters of rec
ommendation. Mr. Dare was on the train
coming to San : Francisco while other ap
plicants, were in the city securing letters
of commendation.
Senator . Bard remarked yesterday that
he would give due consideration to the
indorsements of applicants.'- He holds that
a representative citizen of 'high character
and recognized business ability should be
chosen for ' the ; office. . • He entertains ; the
hope '. that the appointment .will
strengthen and harmonize the Republican
party in California. The Senator will be
here fcr several. days
MAY DELAY NAMING
COLLECTOR OF PORT
Thomas R. Bard, United States Senator,
The lieutenant commends the work of
the Americans In China, but . says they
would- have done better had they ¦ been,
tent fresh from the United States instead
of from Manila, as many • of i them were
lieutenant A. Dolgoroukoff of the Rus
sian army Is on his way, East, where he
will spend a few days before returning to
Russia. The lieutenant was on board the
Russian flagsh'.p when the attack was
made on the forts at Taku. There* were
three Russian gunboats that participated,
besides one German, one English and one
French gunboat and the : two English tor
pedo boats. .'¦''."
Taku Forts.
Mr. Miller thinks the German Em
peror's idea regarding the punishment of
the leaders of the insurrection is a good
one. He thinks it Impossible to' make any
sort of a treaty with a power that totally
disregards the rights of other nations.
RUSSIAN LIEUTENANT HERE.
He Took Active Part in Capture of
She was unable to get a Chinese In
structor in Paoting-Fu, and a few days
before the. tracks were torn up she went
to Peking in search of a teacher. Mr.
Miller says she is still in Peking and has
done courageous work in the hospital de
partment attending to the sick and in
jured.
Dr. Maude Mackey, a graduate of the
Los Angeles Medical School, and who was
a nurse in this city before going to China,
escaped by a lucky chance.
., Mr. Miller is positive that not one; of
the missionaries whom he left at Paoting-
Fu escaped. There were fifteen, eight of
whom' were Presbyterians and three Con
gregationalists. Not a man, woman or
child was able to get out of Paoting-Fu
after the 2Sth day of May.
Accompanied by his. wife Mr. Miller
journeyed to Peitaiho. a summer resort,
but they had been there but a short time
when they were hustled off in a British
transport to Taku, thence to Chefu and
finally to Seoul, Korea. '
J. Albert Miller, who has been connected
With the American Preshyterlan mission
at Paoting-Fu, attributes his escape from
the Mongolians. to the illness of his wife,
which took him away from Paoting-Fu
less than two weeks before the railroad
to Peking was wrecked.
Railroad Was Wrecked.
I/eft Paoting-Fu Two "Weeks Before
MILLER'S LUCKY ESCAPE.
told that placards had been posted an
nouncing that the foreigners were anx
ious to sue for peace. Now if the Chinese
are given to understand that their bar
barism is to be thus made light of, it will
only encourage a continuance of - the
trouble and possibly result in a worse
stale of affairs than we have just passed
through. I say teach these fellows a lesson
this time, even If we must demand the
execution of their leaders."
Miss Kate L. Ogborn of Central China,,
and O. K. Davis, war correspondent of
the New York Sun, were among those
who came from the scene of war.
Mrs. Chauncey Goodrich and three
children were in the siege at Peking.
Mrs. Goodrich says she little expected to
see America again. The suspense that
followed the first attack upon the lega
tions and lasting until relief came, she
says, was dreadful and almost beyond
realization. •
H. Olive Cady and wife were in the
western part of China and not very close
to the scenes of hostilities. He says that
the only people who seemed to be posted
on the course of events in the other part
of the Country . were the officials, and they
finally ordered the foreigners to leave, as
a precaution against a possible spread of
hostilities.
Penned In at Peking.
SUSPENSE , WAS AWFUL.
Mrs. Goodrich and Three Children
The lieutenant did not engage in any of
the fighting after, the taking of the Taku
forts. He has come to this country on
sick leave.
The Russian officer says his nation will
expect to see justice meted out to those
who were responsible for the outbreak,
and that" Russia will also demand a big
indemnity..
fatigued and worn out by previous fight
ing in the Philippines.
Fighting Missionary Arrives With Other Refugees
From China on the America Maru.
It was an awful suspense— waiting for
relief by the allied troops. Mr. Gamewell
says, and he thinks too much glory can
not be eivern to Captain Myers, who had
charge of the men at the wall. He was
seriously wounded during the siege.
"As to the results of this war," said Mr.
Gamewell, "I do not hesitate to say, and
I believe my sentiments are shared by
many others, that the United States
should Insist that the leaders of the up
rising be punished to the fullest- extent.
Whether that punishment shall take the
form of execution is a matter to be de
termined later, but whatever is done
should be made sufficiently severe to have
a lasting: effect upon the Chinese nation.
"It is no fault of the Boxers that all
our missionaries over there are not dead
to-day. If we make light of this thing and
pass it by, merely demanding an indemni
ty, it is my opinion that the same terrible
scenes ¦¦will be repeated, within a few
years.
"At Shanghai Just before we left I was
When the attack upon the legations at
Peking became so terrific that every man
behind the wall was called upon to aid in
its defense F. D. Gamewcll volunteered
to take charge of the fortifications. It
was he who directed the foreigners In
their heroic repulse of the enemy, stand
ing by his men for hours at a time and
offering them encouragement when It
seemed as if the yellow devils must sweep
them down.
About all this Mr. Gamewell has little
to say. except that he acted only as any
Amoriran conscious of the lives that
were imperiled, would act.
Legations at Peking.
F. D. Gamewell Helped to Defend
fresh from the scenes of Chinese
slaughter— missionaries most of them—
who by chance of fortune escaped the
wad frenzy of the fiendish Boxers.
When the missionaries who came in on
the steamer left China the excitement had
subsided sufficiently to give place to dls
cussions of what is to be the ultimate re
sult of the recent fearful events there.
That the war is over seems to be gener
ally conceded, but the price of it is yet
to be reckoned.
"Nothing but a decapitation of the Em
press Dowager, the Prince and General
Tung Fu Hs'ang and the punishment of all
the other leaders of the uprising should
satisfy those who have put down the In
surrection," is the opinion of F. D. Game
well, late of the University of Peking, and
his sentiments are voiced by every other
man and woman who came in on the
Maru and who have been in Chinese ter
iltory during the last six months.
WAS IN CHARGE OF THE GUNS.
THE steamer America Maru, which
steamed Into San Francisco Bay
from Yokohama yesterday after
noon, brought men and women
GAMEWELL LED DEFENSE
AT THE SIEGE OF PEKING
AX IMAGINATIVE PHOTOGRAPH OF SUPERIOR JUDGE COOK IN THE ACT OP FOCUSING HIS OPTICS ON
» TWO PIECES OF. COURT PLASTER SUPPOSED TO , BE. COVERING. THE SENSITIVE TIP OF A PROBOSCIS
REPORTED TO HAVE BEEN THREATENED BY DR. C. A. CLINTON. /
Chinese Government Bent on Saving
Boxer Leader's Head.
PEKING. Oct. 7, via Tientsin. Oct. 8.
and Shanghai, Oct. 9.— Trustworthy Chi
nese reports say that the Dowager Em
press is seriously ill at Taiyuanfu, prov
ince of Shensl, and the free hand of the
Emperor in affairs of state of late Is re
garded as confirmatory of these reports.
A response to the German demand has
.been transmitted to Li Hung Chang. This
says that Ying NIen, president of the cen
sorate: Yang Yl, assistant grand secre
tary and president of the civil board, and
Chao Shu Chlao,. president of the board
of punishment, will be decapitated: that
Prince Chwang, Duke Tsal Lan and
Prince Ylh will be sentenced to life*'im
prisonment, and that Prince Tuan will be
banished to the Imperial military post
TO BANISH PRINCE TITAN.
CALL. BUREAU. WELLINGTON
HOTEL, WASHINGTON, Oct. 9.
President McKinley and his Cabi
net took advantage to-day of the
first session held for several
weeks to canvass the Chinese situation
thoroughly, in the light of the latest in
formation at hand. As a result of their
deliberations this Government is likely to
approach the European powers with ref
erence to the reduction of the military
forces now occupying Peking in order to
bring about the return of the Chinese
court and facilitate the opening of peace
negotiations.
Minister Wu, carrying out the sugges
tion contained in the edict relative to the
removal of the Imperial court to Peking,
has urged upon the officials that they
take action that will Insure the return of
the Emperor and Empress Dowager, and
his appeal ¦will probably be acted upon.
As a first step in this direction it has been
suggested that the guard protecting the
American legation be reduced from 1900 to
not more than 200 men. Should the na
tions retain 1900 men, each In Peking this
would make a force of more than 13,200
men. "With the railroad and telegraph
lines between Peking and Tientsin re
paired, the bulk of the foreign troops
would still be available .at -Tientsin In
case of another outbreak.
In accordance with the request, Minis
ter Conger has cabled a list of the prom
inent Chinese whom he regards as the re
sponsible authors of the outrages on for
eigners and has made recommendations
as to their punishment.
It is understood that the Minister
has named some who were not in
cluded in the recent imperial decree
-when Prince Tuan was degraded.
Among these is doubtless General
Tung Fuh Hsiang and other generals
of the Chinese forces. As to the pun
ishment to be administered he has
undoubtedly recommended that some
be executed and others degraded.
This Government desiring that ex
emplary punishment shall be visited
on the most guilty, will probably
urge that Tuan be beheaded as a fit
ting penalty for his crimes and direct
responsibility for the murder of for
eign and native Christians.
In this connection it is worthy of note
that Minister Wu has united with the
Chinese Ministers In Europe to Impeach
General Tung Fuh Hsiang. In addition to
Prince Tuan and others, and it is hoped
that the Emperor will see fit to degrade
the military commander.
Secretary Hay has received an official
suggestion that the powers shall demand
of China that posthumous honors be paid
to the two members of the Tsung-li Ya
men who, to prevent the murder of for
eigners, altered an imperial edict, and to
the former Chinese Minister to Washing
ton, all of whom were recently executed
In accordance with an Imperial edict. It
Is thought that this would have great ef
fect, pleasing the friends of the foreign
ers and throwing the anti-foreigners Into
dismay. The members of the Tsung-11
Yamen knew that the changing of the
imperial edict would Involve their own
death, and they are looked upon as pa
triots in the highest sense.
The Cabinet considered the proposals
advanced by 'France and Russia, but be
cause of the paramount Importance of the
return of the imperial court to Peking It
is understobd that no answer will be given
for a time. It Is said .that some of the
ideas advanced by the missionaries In Pe
king as to the terms to be exacted of
China may be adopted.
The American Peace Commission has
been practically determined upon. It will
consist of three members— Minister Con
ger, General "Wilson, now In Peking, and
probably Seth Low, president of Columbia
University.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
roads on the Siberian frontier as a far
ther punishment for aiding the Bofcers.
Prince Ching has received an edict from
the Emperor, dated October 1. in reply to
a note sent at the request of the lega
tions, saying he will return to Peking as
soon as the negotiations take a favorable
turn.
GBEAT BRITAIN HOLDS OUT.
All Other Interested Powers Agree to
Germany's Proposals.
BERLIN. Oct. 9.— It was ascertained at
the Foreign Office to-day that all the
powers have agreed to the proposals of
the second German note, with the excep
tion of Great Britain, from whom no an
swer has yet been received to either the
first or second notes of Germany. Tho
Foreign Office, however, expects Great
Britain's adherence to the second note
and still looks for a reply to the first.
With reference to the statement cabled
from America that Great Britain has act
ed as mediator In effecting; an understand
ing between Germany and the United
States, a high Foreign Office official said
that nothing was officially known regard
ing such a service If it had been rendered,
and that as a matter of fact there was no
necessity whatever for a mediator. The
latter statement was corroborated by the
British Embassador. Sir Frank Lascelles,
and by the United States Charge d*Af
faires, John B. Jackson.
No news from Field Marshal Count von
"Waldersee has been received at the For
eign Office since the announcement that
he had taken charge. It is taken for
granted- that the details of organization
are absorbing his attention.
Private dispatches say that the Ger
mans occupy the palace of the Empress
in Peking and that German reinforce
ments consisting of two ¦ battalions, two
guns and cavalry under Lieutenant Col
onel Havel have arrived at Peking from
Tientsin.
MASSACRES ON THE AMTTE.
Confirmation of the "Wholesale Mur-
der and Robbery by Russians.
VICTORIA, B. C, Oct. 9,-Copies of the
Nagasaki Press received here have inter
views with two Belgian journalists con
firming the news of the massacres on the
Amur. They say that as a result of orders
received from General Gripsky the Chi
nese In Blagvostchensk were rounded up
by the Cossacks and escorted to a point
seven versts from the city, where they
were robbed and then driven Into the
river. The number killed was 5000. All
the towns along the Amur were destroyed
by the Russians and the inhabitants put
to the sword. Algun. a city of 20.000 In
habitants, was razed, but fortunately
many escaped before the bombardment.
At Mocho 2000 were massacred.
CHAMBERLAIN NOT A BOGEY.
Says Great Britain's Foreign Policy
Is to Be on Good Terms With, All.
LONDON, Oct. 9.-Mr. "Chamberlain.
Secretary of State for the Colonies, speak
ing this evening at Stout bridge, said:
"Great Britain's foreign policy, as I sum
it up, is to remain on friendly terms with
every great country in Europe and on
something more than friendly terms -with
the United States."
Mr. Chamberlain ridiculed the attempt
of the opposition leaders to hold him up
as a bogey to foreign , nations. "Great
Britain's foreign policy,", he exclaimed,
"is in the hands of Lord Salisbury and I
have not the presumption to meddle
with It."
MANY VICTIMS OF BOXERS.
TAst of Protestant Missionaries
Known to Have Been Killed.
Near the Yellow River <while fleelnr from
Shansi). July 15 or lS-Rev. O. McConnell. Mrs.
At Paotlng-Fu. June 30 — Rev. E. Slmcox. Bul
lion, Pa.; ' Mrs. Slmcox and three children,
London, Pa. ; Dr. L. G. T. Taylor, all of Amer
ican Presbyterian Mission. Taylorsvllle. Pa.
July 1— Rev. H. T. Pltkln. Philadelphia; Mis*
A. M. Gould. Bethel, Me.; Miss M. S. Morrlll.
all of the American Board Mission. Portland.
Me.: Rev. B. Ragnall. Mrs. Bagnall and ona
child; Rev. William Cooper, all of th« China
Inland Mission. England.
At Hslac Tlo. Shansi, June 30— Miss TVhlt
church. Miss Searell, of the China Inland Mis
sion. England.
NEW YORK, Oct. 9.— A complete list o*
Protestant missionaries knorn to have
been killed from the beginning of tha
Boxer troubles to September 5 has been
received by the American Bible Society
from Rev. John R. Hykes, D.D., Its agent
In Shanghai, as follows:
In Shantung, December 51. 1S9J— Rer. g. m.
Brooks of the Church of England Mission.
In Chill, about June 1. 130O— Rev. H. V. Xor
man. Rev. C. Robinson, of the Church of Ens
land Mission.
place through his law partner, Mr. Tal
bot. of Nebraska, who had influenced
him to go to Nebraska.
"If I had not gone to Nebraska," he
said, "I would not have been In Congress
when I was, and if I had not gone to
Congress I would not have been nomin
ated for the Presidency when I was. so
you see, my fortunes have been Influ
enced to a considerable extent by Ablng
dcn."
He addressed himself especially to the
college boyB, saying that he liked to talk
to them because as a class they held
high ideals before them and built their
lives upon them. He recalled the time,
when in college he entered the senior
year.
When Mr. Bryan reached the court
house square in Peoria the sides of the
speaker's etand were crowded with a mass
of humanity. The carriage ride from the
depot to the ground was in streets packed
on each side with shouting and cheering
admirers. It was possible for Mr. Bryan
to reach but half of the audience. He
at once launched into the trust subject.
Mr. Bryan 'afterward took occasion to
answer the charges that he is being paid
for his speeches. In part he said:
"I am not rs rich a man as you would
imagine from reading the Republican pa
pers. I find it difficult to reconcile the
statement of Republican papers made
about my financial condition. One . time
they say that I am so ambitious that I
would spend all my money to be President
and another time they say that I am so
avaricious that I will not make a speech
unless I am paid for It. I notice a crit
icism in the papers that the people of
the towns throueh which our train passes
have contributed to the expenses of the
train, and it was suggested that this was
for my benefit. I need not tell you I
receive nothing for making speeches; but,
my friends. I want you to know that when
men ride on trains they must pay or else
the railroad companies must furnish them
with free rides. We do not "want a rail
road to carry our train through the State
and therefore the State- Committee paid
out about a thousand dollars for the train
for yesterday and to-day. We believe it
Is better for people to pay their way and
be Independent than to have corporations
run them after election. I would a great'
deal rather have Republican papers criti
cise me and people along the road pay
than to receive free rides from the rail
j road companies and have corporations run
I me if elected because they furnished the
trams."
To-morrow Mr. Bryan will begin his
tour of -Michigan, Benton Harbor being
his first stop.
don, an important educational center, by
saying that he had heard much of th«r
In One of Them Bryan Tells Why the
People Pay for His Tour.
JOLIET, 111., Oct. 9.— Mr. Bryan con
cluded the last speech of the day hero
to-night at a few minutes before 11
o'clock. He had begun at Quincy at S
e v 'clock, and he mr.de sixteen addresses
during the day, cr more than one speech
for each hour of the day occupied. The
places at which he spoke are: Quincy,
Camp Point. Golden. Carthage, Macomb,
Abingdon. Galesburg. Yates City, Elm
wood, Chillicothe, Peoria, Sparland, Bu
reau, Lasalle and Jollet. At Peoria he
spoke twice. The audiences were general
ly large, but those at Peoria, Quincy and
Joliet were especially so.
Mr. Bryan began his speech at Abing-
MAKES SIXTEEN SPEECHES.
standpoint Is to exhume Mr. Bryan's
prophecies with their signal non-fulfill
ment."
Governor Roosevelt then enumerated
some of the predictions which he
declared had been made four years ago
by Mr. Bryan, which the facts to-day
proved erroneous. He continued:
'•Mr. Bryan said mortgages would go
up, and they were the only things that
went down. Mortgages have diminished
in amount by nearly 40 per cent. When
these things were pointed out to Mr.
Bryan the other day and it was shown to
him that we were prosperous he answered
that It war not the Republican party but
Providence that made us so. Now I am
perfectly willing to admit that there has
been a fusion between Providence and the
Republican party. The Democracy has
fused with about everything else, but
somehow or other It has never managed
to connect with Providence.
"Now, gentle-men, I don't wonder that
in the hard times, when things were look
ing pretty black, men turne.1 to strange
gods. It has always been so since the day
that Moses broke the decalogue. I don't
wonder when a man feels sick and does
not know what is the matter with him
and he cannot find out that he should try
a quack medicine once; but if he tries it
airaln, I must question his intelligence.^.
"If the people of this country want to
go back into the slough of despond out
of which we have so painfully emerged—
If they want to do that, why under the
constitution it is their inalienable right.
But when they get back there, don't then
advance the '1 did not know it was load
ed' excuse." v :
Special Dispatch to The Call.
CAT.T, BUREAU. WELLINGTON
HOTEL., WASHINGTON. Oct.
9._ President McKinley is abso
lutely confident of his re-election
and his confidence Is shared by
his political advisers to such a degree that
today's meeting of the Cabinet was some
what in the nature of a political jollifica
tion meeting. The President and Mrs. Mo-
Jvinley reached Washington early this
morning and soon afterward the call for
the meeting- of the Cabinet was issued.
All heads of the departments were pres
ent except Secretary Root, it being the
first time since early In the summer that
to many members of the Cabinet have
been in the city at the fame time.
Public affairs, including the Chinese
Fitumion. were discussed, but consider
able Time was given to reviewing the po
litical situation. Conditions in the vari
r.tis lsii-alitics were discussed, and neither
the President nor any member of the Cab
inet could see any danger of defeat of the
Republican ticket in November.
Tliose members of tne Cabinet who
have been making campaign, speeches
in various parts of the country told
the President that they had found
conditions favorable to his re-election
by at least as large a majority in the
Electoral College as he received four
years ago. Tnis agreed with the in
formation the President himself had
received from Chairman Hanna and
other leading Republicans.
After the Cabinet meeting Postmaster
General Smith and the President took up
for consideration the appointment of post
masters in several important offices which
have become vacant and which the Post-
master General wished to dispose of be
fore leaving Washington to-morrow for
en extended campaign tour in the West.
The President and Mrs. McKinley will
remain in Washington for about ten days.
<Iurir.g which time current business will
t-e disposed of and the President will map
out the principal Features of his annual
xner-'j-T.ge to Congress, calling on the de
partsaenlfl for information which ho will
want when he begins the actual prepara
tion of the document. He will return to
Canton a!>out October 20. and he and Mrs.
2iIcKinley will remain th€-re until after the
e'oction. When ho ajraln returns to Wash
ington the data for his message will be
r'ady. and he will devote himself to put
ting it in shape to send to Congress on
th<:- fir*t Monday in December.
EOOSEVELT'S SPEECH CHEESED.
St. Louis Accords a Great Welcome to
Sew York's Governor.
ST. IX»UJS, Oct. 9. — St. Louis' Coliseum
tas < rowded to-night In honor of Gover
r.cr Roosevelt. The Governor was tired. |
having riddon in the parade this after
noon. Afterward he was the eu*-Ht of
hener at a luncheon given by the St.
Louis Club. He was escorted from the
riantcrs' Hotel in the evening by Mayor
Zfrgcr.heim, National Committeeman Ke
rens and other prominent Republicans of
Missouri, a mounted regiment of Rough
Riders and several thousand citizens in
carriages or on foot. The route of the
right parade was illuminated with flara
tcaus and colored fire. Arriving at the
Coliseum, the Governor was greeted with
tumultuous applause. He was Introduced
by the Mayer of the city and was cheered
enthusiastically throughout his speech, at
the conclusion of which he was escorted
to the Union station, where he took his
special train for Chicago, whence to-mor
row morning h*e will start on his Indiana
tour.
Governor Roosevelt spoke In part as fol
lows:
"It wy of you are fortunate enough to
know whether Mr. Bryan, If elected, will
pay the obligations of the nation In gold
or in silver I wish you would divulge this
knowledge, for Mr. Bryan won't. There
Is no'doubt where we stand. We are for
the gold standard, and we are for It on
thp Atlantic ri aboard and In the Rocky
Mountains alike. We stand for It every
where, for we are fortunate enough to
have issues which do not wear thin In
any part of the country- Now, gentle
men. Forae people say that the silver Issue
Is dead. Silver cannot be dead when the
j>eop]«» are uncertain as to how a candi
date of one of the two great parties would
pay the obligations of the Government.
No issue is- dead when you cannot tell
whfther a creditor or a. pensioner, who
ever he may be, will pet 40 cents or 100 on
the dollar. It is dead to the extent that
nobody ventures to aj-gue In Its behalf.
But if they paid our debts In 48-eent dol
lars we would care little as to the precise
argument* by which they reached the
conclusion that warranted that conduct.
All I want you to do from a material
America Trying to
Cause Return of
Emperor.
Conger Sends List
of Authors of
Outrages.
Continued on Second Pig*
SAN FRANCISCO; WEDNESDAY, OCTOBER 10, *1900.
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
VOLUME LXXXVIII-OsO. 132.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL
McKinley s View Is
Shared by the
Cabinet.
Conditions Are All
Favorable to
Success.LATEST MESSAGE FROM
CAPTAIN BARTLETT
RECOMMENDATIONS OF
' .JUDGE ADVOCATE GENERAL
Urges Legislation for the Relief of
Sailors Erroneously Charged
' With Desertion.
WASHINGTON, Oct. 9.— The annual re
port of Judge Advocate General Lemley
to the Secretary, of the Navy is in tho
main made up • of a renewal of recom
mendations heretofore made for the en
actment of legislation for the relief of
sailors erroneously charged with deser
tion, compelling civilian testimony before
naval courts, permitting the use of deposi
tions before such courts, consolidating
examining and retiring boards and pro
viding a modern system of classification
for naval vessels. Emphasis Is laid upon
the fact that while such legislation would
result advantageously to the department
and the service generally no expense will
be involved. /
COLOMBIAN TTtOOPS
GUARD THE LABORERS
Men Imported From Jamaica Are
Dissatisfied and Many-Have
Disappeared.
PANAMA, Oct. 9.— Nine hundred Jamai
can laborers ¦ employed by J. P. " McDon
ald,, the contractor, to work on the Guay
aquil-Quito (Ecuador) Railroad arrived
here last evening in transit. They soon
expressed themselves as dissatisfied, ow
ing to their poor ¦ quarters, and began
making a disturbance. : Most of them are
now watched by a detachment of. Colom
bian troops, but * many have disappeared,
and it is rumored that these have found
employment along the canal. •
Bubonic Plague in Bombay.
LONDON. Oct. 9.— "Bubonic plague."
says a dispatch to the Dally Mall from
Bombay, "is becoming epidemic in many
districts of the Bombay presidency.
Alarming increases < are < reported from
Poona and Belgaum. while the coast ports
are Infected. - .¦¦
Confers High Decorations.
BERLIN, Oct. 9.— Emperor ."William has
conferred high decorations upon all the
leading officials of the Paris Exposition.
McConnell and child; Miss King, Miss Burton,
all of the China Inland Mission, England. Miss
M. D. Nathan and Miss Heaysman of the China
Inland- Mission are supposed to have been with
thtSDarty and to have shared their fate, but
as this la not confirmed, they ara put In the
list of mlsMnjr.
At Klucheo, Chlaklangr, July. 21 and 23— Rev.
D. B. Thompson. Mrs. Thompson and two chil
dren. Miss Desmond, Miss Manchester Rev
G. F. Ward. Miss Ward, one child. Miss Sher
wood. Miss Thlrgood. all of the China Inland
Mission. England.
En route 'to Hankow from Shanst— Miss Rice
July '13; Mr. Saunders* child Isabella, July 27 •
Mr.- Saunders' child Jessie, August 3; Miss E
J.' Cooper, August 6: Miss Huston, August 11 "•
Rev. Whltehouse. Mrs. Whltehouse all of tho
English Baptist Mission. England : Mr. Buy
non. Mrs. Buynon and three children, all of
the British and" Foreign Bibl«» Society, England-
Mr. Miller Wilson. Mr». Wilson and child.
Mrs. J. Stevens, Miss M. E. Clarke, of the
China Inland Mission, England.
The following is a list of the mission
aries who are unaccounted for until the
present time. It. only includes those who
were in the provinces . most affected by
the Boxer troubles, viz.. Chill and Shansl-
The last word from the folio wins, who were
stationed In Northern Shansl, was May 8: 8.
MoKee, Mrs. McKee. I. Anson, Mrs. Anson.
Mrs. Aspden, Miss M. E. Smith. Mr. Persson.
Mrs. ' Persson, Miss C. A. Larson. Mi«s Lun
dell. Miss Engrail," E. Peterson. Mrs. O. E.
Carlburg. A. Johansen. Mr. Hedlund. all of
China Inland Mission, England.
The last word from the following was Jun«
30: Mr. Ogrea. Mm. Ogren. Mr. Peat. Mrs.
Peat, Miss Dobson. Miss Hum, Mlsa" F. Na
than, Miss M. R. Nathan. Miss Heaysman.
Mr. Toung, Mrs. Youny, Mr. Barratt, Mr
Continued From First Pace.
WOULD FURTHER'
REOUCE PEKING
LEGATION GUARD
A motion was made to advance the case
of John H. Goertze, the New York tobac
co importer, involving the right to collect
duty on goods imported into .his- cuntry
from Porto Rico. A similar case. Involving
the Importation of fourteen diamond rings
from the Philippines, also will be moved
forward at the same time. In this case
M. L. J. Peipke was arrested in Illinois
on a charge of smuggling the rings men
tioned, the contention being that the
Philippines as part of the United States
are not subject to the' tariff laws.
Counsel in the case of. Alice Weil and
others asked "leave -to have the case dis
missed from the Supreme Court. The mat
ter will be taken under advisement. . The
Weil case is a companion case, to tne
famous La Abra mining case, in which a
decision was rendered in the Court of
Claims last session against the La Abra
Company on the' ground', that* they had
obtained fraudulently, a large indemnity
from the Mexican Government. Motions
were made to advance five cases involv
ing similar points • known as the Ken
tucky railway rate cases.
The cases of the United States against
tho States of North Carolina, South Car
olina. Florida and Louisiana to-day were
rtismlssed in acordance wlm the decision
of Congress In these cases during the last
session. They involve certain funds duo
the United States from ttte four States
named. r. • ' - ¦ ¦ :-¦
WASHINGTON," OPt y 9,-In the Supreme
Court to-day Assistant Attorney General
Maurey, for the Government, moved to
advance the Neely extradition case, and
announced he had received a tele
gram from the opposing counsel in New
York stating that he would not object to
thisj course- The date which will be set
for the case has not yet been determined.
The court announced that it would hear
oral arguments In the Chicago drainage
canal case on November 12. This suit in
volves tho State of Missouri against the
State of Illinois and the Chicago Drainage
Commission, the contention being that the
Chicago Drainnge Canal from Lake Mich
igan emptying into the Mississippi River
pollutes the drinking water of tne city of
St. Louis. ... •
Motion Made at the Session
of the F.i'preme
V Court
— »,. . ..
MAY ADVANCE
NEELY CASE ON
THE CALENDAR
The local firms pledge themselves not
to receive bids or, examine samples from
any commercial traveler and to withdraw
patronage from any house that persists In
sending drummers here after being "noti
fied of, the existing sentiment.
The wholesale merchants of Honolulu
have entered Into a combination against
drummers. They say that they do not
want any drummers sent to the islands,
and by to-day's mail all the leading firms
of the Pacific Coast are rrotlfied that such
i« the sentiment of ..the Hawaiian firms.
The resolutions adopted voicing the deci
cision carry with them ¦ a threat that
firms that do not regard' the wishes of the
firms here will 1 be boycotted In Honolulu.
All the largest local firms are In the com
pact. . ¦
The merchants claim that they are
obliged to carry very, heavy stocks of
goods here, on account of the distance
from the mainland, but that among the
130.000 population of the. islands only 15,000
are whites, so that the consumption is
limited, and that some 'of the San Fran
cisco Jobbers have been sending drum
mers around who have visited small coun
try hamlets offering goods to the smallest
dealers at ridiculously . low prices. It is
claimed that the lowest ¦ quotations are
being scattered broadcast.
HONOLULU, Oct. 2.— Hawaii's three
cornered political " fight Is now fairly
started. Republicans, Democrats and In
dependent Home Rulers all having tickets
in the field. The Independents have flung
to the breeze at their headquarters a ban
ner bearing a picture of King Kameha
meha I, the great Hawaiian monarch who
first conquered all the islands. This is
taken as something of an appeal to race
feeling, the two American parties claiming
that it is another proof that the Hawaiian
party is carrying on an anti-white cam
paign.
The Democratic party has suddenly dis
covered, after' It had nominated Prince
David for Congress and he had gone to
the island of Hawaii on a stumping tour,
that he had not registered and would not
be back until too late to do so. This would
have made him ineligible &s a candidate.
The Central Committee to-day chartered
the Interisland steamer Walaleale and
pent It to Hllo after the Prirnce. He will
be brought to Honolulu as quickly as pos
sible and piven a chance to register, after
which, he will go to Hawaii, again and re
sume bis campaigning. : ' ''¦'
The Independents will hold-.their regular
nominating convention, next, Wednesday,
when they will put their full ticket in the
field. There Is no doubt, 'however, about
the-, nomination of It. W. Wilcox for Con
gress or about the general complexion of
the ticket. ¦' "
The 'Registration Board is having a good
deal of ; trouble in making riflings on dis
puted points regarding registration of
those wh'o wish to vote." Three suits have
already been brought against the board.
In the most. important case the Supreme
Court ruled that the men whb have no
other homes than.'' on .-the interisland
steamers are not entitled .to register and
vote. This deprives over fifty men in
Honolulu of their. votes ami a fe.w on tho
other islands. iii ¦
Claimed That ihi Indepand
e ts Are Carrying on an
Anti- White Campaign.
THREE TICKETS
IS THE FIELD
AT HONOLULU
WILKESBARRE. Pa.. Oct. 9.— The lead
ers of the United Mine Workers of this
part of the anthracite coal field do not
speak as hopefully to-night of a settle
ment of the strike by the Scranton con
vention as they did yesterday. Some of
them are afraid that the offer of a 10 per
cent increase in wages made by the com
panies may not last long, and that after
the men are back at work for a while
and the market is pretty well supplied
the operators may reduce wages to the
old figure. It is only fair to say, how
ever, that not all of the mine workers are
of this opinion. There is a strong senti
ment prevailing that the companies are
sincere and that the increase of wages
will be permanent.
In making the advance in wages the
operators did not act in concert but as
individuals, so that if the convention In
sists upon a definite understanding with
the mine owners a week may elapse be
fore the views of the operators can be had
• SCRANTON. Pa.. Oct. 9.— Interviews
with prominent coal operators here to-day
elicited a uniform declaration that no
further concessions "or modifications of the
present offer will be made, and that the
miners must take It or leave It just as it
stands. They say it Is plain and complete
and contains all they can or will concede.
The 10 per cent increase means that every
man in the anthracite mines is to have
$1 10 for the work for which he formerly
received $1, the operators say.
SHAMOKIN, Pa., Oct. 9.-President
Mitchell of the United Mine Workers came
here to-day to take part in a labor dem
onstration and was welcomed enthusias
tically by thousands of striking mine"
workers. The city was profusely deco
rated and all business houses were closed
at noon. A parade was formed with 6000
strikers in line and after it. had finished
marching President Mitchell delivered a
speech at a mass meeting.
Fear That the Operators May
Reduce Wages After Coal
Market Is Supplied.
STRIKERS NOT
SO HOPEFUL OF
A SETTLEMENT
"He had in his heart the tears and hate
of the wives and children of those who
were massacred at Milan. He has shown
how to punish the assassin of the peo
ple."
Mazzotta when questioned about the in
scription began a bitter denunciation of
the Italian troops who had fired Into tho
populace during the bread riots In Milan.
PATERSON, N. J.. Oct. 9.-Testimony
which the authorities believe points
strongly to the existence of an organized
conspiracy for the assassination of King
Humbert of Italy is developing at the se
cret . investigation which Commissioner
James M. Trimble. is conducting in Pat
erson.
XiUigi" Grannottl, treasurer of La Ques
tldne Sociale, the most radical anarchist
paper of Paterson and a member of the
Right of Existence group to which
Bresci belonged, preceded the assassin to
Italy" arid Commissioner Trimble has
adopted a line of inquiry with a view to
showing that Grannotti's mission con
cerned the plan to murder the King.
• Bruno Mazs^otta, one of tho most active
anarchists in Paterson, boldlv declared
while a witness that there were groups
which believed in the killing of kings.
Anarchy, he sr.id, meant the subversion
and • destruction of ail existing govern
ments and the doing away with all pri
vate property .'nterests.
Commissioner Trimble has in his pos
session one of several portraits of Bresci,
•which were. exhibited In different anarch*
1st headquarters in Paterson a few hours
after King Humbert's assassination. Sur
rounding each of these portraits was an
Inscription, which he Is trying to prove
that Mazzotta wrote. The translation Is:
• Special Blspatch to The Call.
Suspicion :; Rests on ' Men
Now!; Under Police
Surveillance.
INVESTIGATING
CONSPIRACY TO
KILL HUMBERT
( A • number of other vessels that have
arrived ? here within the last few days
have reported a loss of one to seven men
each. ..The fatality list exceeds 200.
Serious disaster has visited a number- of
Newfoundland fishing harbors.
I 8T. JOHNS, N. F.. Oct. 9.— According to
reports from St. Pierre, seventeen fishing:
vessels that were operating on the Grand
Banks during the gale of September . 12
are still misslrrfe : with crews aggregating
over 200 men. .
Believed to Be at Least
Three Hundred.
Total Loss of Life on the Grand Banks
SEVENTEEN FISHING
VESSELS STILL MISSING
The consensus of opinion. has been that
the disappearing -carriage was good for
low sites, but the majority seems to think
that it is not best for high sites. The
action of the board, if sustained by the
Secretary of War, will bo of far-reaching
importance in the future of coast de
fenses. . . i : v'- :
WASHINGTON. Oct. 9.— The Board of
Ordnance and Fortifications has been
holding a protracted session in Washing
ton and adjourned to-day after taking im
portant action regarding disappearing gun
carriages. The board has recommended
to the Secretary of War that no more dis
appearing gun carriages be made. There
has been much, contention among army
officers for some time, especially among
artillery officers, as to the value of dis
appearing gun carriages for the fortifica
tions for coast defense..
to Secretary of .War.
of Ordnance and Fortifications
Recommendations Made by the Board
MAY DISPENSE WITH
: DISAPPEARING GUNS
ST. PAUL, Minn., Oct. 9.— The Northern
Pacific to-day announced a general reduc
tion in settlers' rates from St. Paul
and Chicago to all points between Little
Falls, Aitken, Minn., and Helena, Spo
kane, Seattle and Portland, Or., com
mencing October 16 next and effective
each Tuesday thereafter and including
November 21 of the present year and the
same days from February 1 until April 30
inclusive, 1901. .
These reductions will average a one way
nnd round trip rates reduced from 25 to 40
.per cent, and it is confidently believed by
the officials that they will enable the
Northern Pacific to increase its average
yearly Immigration from 40,000 to more
than 60.000 people. This low basis of rates
is now offered for the first time to Minne
sota, North Dakota, Manitoba, Central
Montana and the Palouse, Walla Walla
and Clearwater country; also to South
Bend, and the Grays Harbor country.
' These new rates meet the reduced rates
announced last week by the Great North
ern for the western portion of the road,
and also make the same low rates on
this end of the line.
Greatly Increase Its Average of
Yearly Immigration.
Northern Pacific Railway Hopes to
GENERAL REDUCTION
IN SETTLERS' RATES
Colonel Joseph P. Wright.
.WASHINGTON, Oct. 9.— Colonel Jo
seph P. Wright, assistant surgeon gen
eral of the army, died suddenly last night
at his home here In the sixty-fourth year
of his age.
WASHINGTON. Oct. 9.-MaJor Seldon
Noye.s Clark, a widely known newspaper
man ¦who had been connected with the
Washington bureau of the New York
Tribune for twenty-two years, died here
to-day of heart failure. He was an author
ity on political and economic questions.
Major S. N. Clark.
The late Marquis of Bute was born -at
Mount Stuart House, in the Isle of. Bute,
September 12, 1827; and ' succeeded to the
title on the death of his father in 1848.
He was educated at Harrow School and
Christie's. In 1875 he was created a knight
of the Order of- the Isle, 'and: since 1892
had been Lord Lieutenant: of -the county
of 'Bute. The universities of Glasgow.
Edinburgh and St. . Andrew's -;conf erred
upon him the degrees of LL.J^and' from
1S92 to 1898 he was lord rector, of St. An
drew's: He. presnted the .- great hall of
the buildings to ..the former.- Lord. Bute
had published a number of translations
and several other works, including lectures
and essays, mostly upon Scottish and con
tinental'subjects. He ¦was elected Mayor
of. Cardiff in 1891 (being the first peer
chosen for such an office since the reform
bill), and Provost of Rothsay in 18%. He
will be succeeded by his eldest son, John
Crlchton-Stuart, Earl of Dunfries. ¦
LONDON, Oct. 9.— John Patrick Crlch
ton-tStuart, Marquis of Bute, died . this
morning at Dunfries House, "his seat in
Ayreshlre, from paralysis. : , ,:
The Marquis of Bute.
Jhe Pay's £ead
While apprcachir.g the coast and trying
to, pick up the Fastnet Light what ap
peared to be a fog bank suddenly lifted
and showed land dead ahead. The break
ers could be plainly seen crashing on the
rocks and the vessel touched bottom, but
Captain Cameron immediately stopped his
engines, reversed them and backed into
the deep water without the steamship be
ing injured. It was only owing to the
care of the captain that a" terrible disas
ter was averted. The Oceanic was going
slowly on account of the fog and trying
to pick up the land. It was 4 o'clock in
the morning when the fog lifted and
NEW YORK, Oct. 9.— A special- cable
dispatch from Queenstown to the Kveninjy
World says: The giant White Star liner
Oceanic, which arrived here to-day, had
& narrow escape from shipwreck off the
coast of Ireland.
The water-tight compartments were
closed within two minutes on Captain
Cameron's orders as soon as the danger
was perceived. The lifeboats were cleared
away, ready for lowering, with the pre
cision of clockwork and the crew were at
quarters at once.
Half a minute after the engines were
reversed, a little before the Oceanic was
stopped, she struck with a grinding, grat
ing noise. She then quickly swung clear.
Tranquil and confident In the skill of the
captain the women passengers in the sa
loon behaved admirably, showing the
greatest coolness in the presence of the
danger.
The land was so close that on each bow
could be seen a regular cave. The stop
ping of tho engines shook up and awoke
everybody.
showed the land right ahead, the position
being between the rocks.
Dillingham Ineligible.
HONOLULU. Oct. 3.-B. F. Dllllngham,
the railroad man, whom the Republicans
nominated. for the Senate, has been found
to be Ineligible, as he is now In the States
and will not return to Hawaii In time to
register. The Republicans have nomi
nated Henry -Waterhouse In his place.
ST. LOOS. Oct. 9.-President W. V.
Pdwell of the Order of Railway Telegra
phers'was suspended from office to-day
by the special - convention of the grand
division of that order, now in session here
Only six votes were cast against his sus
pension. The action was hastened by a
report that he was seeking an order of
rourt to restrain the grand session from
irylng him for misconduct In office. The
rote wan taken during Powell's absence
from ihe hall. ' . • .
Powell Suspended.
ST. LOflS. Oct. S.— Requisition papers
Issued by Governor Sayers of Texas were
served on Governor Rocsevelt at the
Planters Hotel to-day for the extradition
of John .D. Rockefeller. Henry M. Klagler
end other Standard Oil magnates. The
defendants are wanted In Texas for al
leged violation of the anti-trust laws
Governor Roonevelt Bald he could not act
on tho .requisition as long as he was out
of the State of New York, as he was tech
nically not Governor. Ue faid he would
look into the case when he returned to
New. York.
Rockefeller and Flakier Are Wanted
by the Civil Authorities
in Texas.
REQUISITIONS FOB BEDXOVAI,
OF STANDARD OIL MAGNATES
trustees of Ihe Catholic University, com
posed of the highest dignitaries of that
church in this country, will hold its an
nual meeting at that Institution to-mor
row. The board has absolute control of
every feature of the. university. The
board consists of Cardinal Gibbons, presi
dent; Archbishop Williams of Boston
Archbishop Corrican of New York, Arch-
Mshop Ryan of Philadelphia. Archbishop
Ireland of St. Paul. Archbishop Chapel'e
of New Orleans. Archbishop R!ordan of
gan Francisco. Archbishop Keane of Du
hu«jue. Bishop Spalding of Peoria, Bishop
Maes of Covington. Bishop Foley of De
troit. Bishop Horstmann of Cleveland
? secretary*. Auxiliary Bishop Farley of
New York. Monslgnor ConaU of Wash
ington. D. C: Michael Jenkins of Balti
more. Thomaf E. Waggaman. treasurer
Washington. D. C. and Michael Cudahy
of Cnloapo.
' Many of the members of th*> board are
expected to arrive in Washington to
olght. -The preliminary work of the board
was b«»gun to-night and will be completed
tn the mcrnins* in «<ub-committees. after
which the full committee will convene.
The proceedings of the board are secret
Many Members Already in Washing
ton and Important Business Will
Be Transacted.
Fperial Dispatch to The Call.
WASHINGTON, Oct. 9.— The board of
MEETING OF TRUSTEES OF
THE CATHOLIC UNIVERSITY
SPZCIAI, SESSION OF THE
. MICHIGAN LEGISLATURE
Will Consider a Measure Authorizing
Taxation of Railroad Property
and Eepealing. of Charters.' /
DETROIT, Oct. P.-Th'e special, Wsion
of the State Legislature called last Friday
by Governor Plngree win meet {n Hanging
to-morrow at noon. The session Is called
for the purpose of considering a joint
resolution. authoritlnr submission to the
people of _a constitutional amendment per
mitting the. taxing of railroads and other
corporations on th<» actual cash value of
their property, instead of on their earn
ings as at. present, and to consider the
repealing 1 of the special charters held bv
tbje Michigan Crntrftl,-' Lake Shore and
Grand Trunk railroads in Michigan.
That the .special charters will be re
pealed is elmo»t a certainty, a-s the Michi
gan Central agreed -to-day, after a con
lerence with a. special, committee ap
pointed by the last Legislature for the
purpose, to submit to the reneal of their
charter under , certain conditions. The
other two roads have already Intimated
that they will do as the Michigan Central
does. By the agreement reached to-day
the roads Rill be allowed Mx months to
reorganize under the general railroad law
off the State after the rer>eal of their char
ters and the Legislature will pass a law
fixing some court of competent jurisdic
tion as the arbiter of the damages to be
awarded them. • •
Inasmuch aa the State platforms of both
f>artles pledge th«»w> to tax reform learis
ation it la expected that the joint reso
lution will be parsed and the Legislature
adjourn in. a very short time.
He was ¦shouting by thi? 1 time and
every one was on tiptoe of expectation.
Youtsey's wife '>-prang to his side, and
while endfavorir.R to make him sit down
could be heard paying: "Now you have
killed my husband. 1 suppose you are
Eatlsfled."-
Then Youtsey hysterically shouted
again:
"I am innocent — there is. no blood on
my hands; these men are swearing my
life away." •> » • , " • .
Two or three Deputy Sheriffs went over
and grabbed . him. He struggled wildly
and said: .t i'
"Let me alone. I will not sit down. _.,
Colonel Crawford told him to be quiet
and .sit down, and others took hold of
him.
"I will not sit down. T n*ver said a
¦word to that man — It is untrue."
"It is untrue— it is a lie — I never spoke a
wcrd to that man in my life, nor he to
Die."'
Arthur Goebel said: "I taii;ed with
Youtsey the day he was arrested, late in
the afternoon In the jail in Frankfort, in
reference to. the murder of my brother."
Just at this point Youtsey arose behind
his attorneys and said in a loud voice:
GEORGETOWN. Ky., Oct. 9.— One of
the most remarkable scenes ever enacted
In a Kentucky court occurred to-night in
the YciKsey Trial, the defendant himself
being the chief participant. The court
room v. as crowded at the time and the
excitement was intense. D. E. Arm
strong, the I-oulsville detective, had just
told of his talks with Vcutsey before and
after his arrest. Theft Arihur- Goebel
was put en the star.d, and Judge Ben
\\ :lliam«=. who for the tlr?t time appeared
for ti-.e prosecution, did the questioning:.
Youtsey still occupied Mr chair with his
eyes closed, apparently In a half-falntlng
condition. After the crowd passed out
Jailer Reed and deputies carried Youtsey
to the jail, as he was unable to walk.
Various reasons are assigned for his un
seemly outbreak, the first being that his
long confinement and the strain, of tho
trial caused him to become hysterical and
lose control of himself. Another is that
he Is really demented, as shown by his
remark that. Goebel was not dead. Yout
sey is bcir^r attended, by physicians and
relatives ai the jail and [his condition is
deemed critical. " ''..
"Mr. Sheriff, if the defendant does not
behave himself, put hanaculfs on him."
said Judge Cantrill. ILumwhile the au
dience could not be forced to keep their
seats until the Judge threatened to 'fine
those who stood up. Youtsey settled back
in his chair, closed his eyes and seemed
In a state of collapse. He waved his
handkerchief above his head in an aim
less way. and groaned and cried hysteri
cally. Finally quiet was restored, ami
Judge Williams asked Arthur Ooebel
another question, when Colonel Crawford
asked a postponement of the trial until
to-morrow on account of the defendant'.'
condition. Judge Cantrill said he could
see no cause or reason for tho defendant's
outbreak, but In juftlceto the attorneys
ho would rostpone the case until to-mor
row. Mr. Franklin suid the common
wealth had not the slightest objection to
cOjoumlng until to-niorrow and the court
so ordered.
Arthur Goebel, meanwhile, sat sphinx
like In the witness chair and never
turned his head. Finally after Youtsey
was forced Into a seal, he shouted again:
"Gcebel is not dead— all the demons in
hell could not kill him."
GIANT LINER OCEANIC
COMES NEAR TO DISASTER
Strikes Bottom on ; the Coast of Ireland, but
,1s. Backed Off. .
: -^
Defendant Hysterical y Cries That Goeb^l's
Frei ds A:e Sw earing H s Li!e Awsy.
DRAMATIC SCENE AT THE
TRIAL OF HENRY YOUTSEY
t ¦ ¦ ¦ ' -.'¦--¦¦¦ - ' ' ¦ .* i
LORD ROBERTS OF KANDAHAR, DIRECTING . BRITISH FORCES IN
SOUTH AFRICA. WHO WILL SOON START FOR ENGLAND TO AS
SUME SUPREME COMMAND OF THE ARMY."
ISLAND OF ST. HELENA, Oct. 9.—
The British transport Idaho landed about
200 Boer prisoners here yesterday. Gen
eral Cronje and the other Boer prisoners
are preparing for a big celebration of
Paul Kruger's birthday to-morrow. /
A silk hnt purchased in London about
ten years ago by Paul Kruger was sold
at auction to-day. There was keen com
petition for possession of the hat, which
Unaliv r^ailz^n £25. A oipe at one time
used by Mr. Krucer fetched £8 10s.
LONDON, Oct. 10.— According to the
Cape Town correspondent of the Dally
Chronicle Mr. Rhode*, in his speech to the
conference of the South African League,
will declare In favor of early federation
and of placing South Africa on the same
footing as Canada and Australia,
"He will deny," says the correspondent,
"that he is eagerly seeking the friendship
of the Afrikander party, but will an
nounce his willingness to work. with them
when they have learned wisdom. He
will refer to the debt of gratitude which
South Africa owes to the colonies and
will urge the adoption of federal union."
The British War Office, has issued or
ders that the bulk of the miiitia regi
ments called out for service during South
African war are to be disbanded. This
will affect about BO.COO men.
CAPETOWN, Oct. 9.— Cecil Rhodes will
re-enter politics to-morrow, when he will
preside over the deliberations of the Con
gress of- the South African League.
LONDON. Oct. 10-The Times ¦
publishes the following dispatch -
from Vredefort, Orange River Col- -
ony:
"The British column had a'three"
days' fight from October 5 to Octo- -
ber 7, inclusive, with "General ' De- -
wet's commando of a thousand men -
and five guns. It took place In a ¦
veritable sea of mountains near -
here. The Boers were dislodged -
¦ and dispersed .and they fled demor- -
alized. The British casualties were -
Slight."
Kruger.
Big Prices Paid in London for Hat
j : Box and Pipe Formerly the
Property of Paul
Will Preside Over the Con
gress of the South Afri
can League.
CECIL RHODES
TO RE-ENTER THE
POLITICAL ARENA
Beresford's task was to coal his fleet.
eet out of the harbor and attack Fisher.
it should be remembered that Lord
Charles has never been an enthusiast on
the subject of the torpedo boat. In fact,
he has repeatedly decried its etttciency as
an offensive cratt. it is only a few years
ufio that, epeansng in the House of Com
mons on a naval appropriation bill, -he
asked the Aamnalty to furnish an old
warship armed unaer his airections. of
¦wnlch r.e would lane command with :i
volunteer crew^ raised by himself and de
lend it successful against the attacks oi"
any number of toii»e<j.» txjats discharging
iTal torpedoes. Jie t=aid lie would sink
every one -or the xitlle craft.
Hig ta?k at Mytilene was therefore pre
cisely to hi? Using; • - —
By putting lights on launches so as to
xr.aKe them resemble ships in the dark
noes lie decoyed the torpedo boats away
on a false trail, and with «very light on
his own warship out he Flipped away to
fcei, with not a vessel touchea.
Having done thl.«. he misled Fisher's
scouts by false signals and caught the
hostile fltrtt entirely unprepared on Lera-
Fisher's squadron was steaming in
parallel columns and Beresford manou
vrred his :;hips so skillfully that the ad
miral had no opportunity to change this
formation or do anything but clear decks
for instant action.
Beresford ran his ships in single file
rieht in between the lirws, enabling him
to flpht with both broadsides, while each
of the enemy's vessels could use but one.
Victory was *o complete and over
whelming that the umpire awarded it on
the spot to the dashing hero of the Alex
andria bombardment, who ran the Condor
J:i ripht under the guns of the Egyptian
fort end battered it to atoms at' close
range.
Beresford's daring- penmanship and re-
Fourceful tricks .In .these maneuvers are
a 5 tartlln P contrast to the old methods
and stamp him as the cleverest com
mander in the British navy. ! ,
«.
.LOXDOX.»Oct 9.— Lord Charles Beres
ford has amazed the naval world by the
brilliant strategy by which he won the
sham battle in the recent maneuvers of
the British fleet in the Mediterranean.
His tactics have be»»n pronounced the
cleverest In naval annals. The fleet was
divided into tw<* parts, Heretford in com
mand of one and Admiral Fisher of the
other. B«Te?fora wa« blockaded in the
port of Alytllene by torpedo boats nni,
Fisher's fleet was hovering about and
lying in wait outside.
Succeeds in Getting His Fleet Out of
the Port of Mytilene, Block
aded by Torpedo-
Boats.
His Recent Tactics Said
to Be the Cleverest in
Naval Annals.
ADMIRATION
FOR BERESFORD'S
NAVAL STRATEGY
. LONDON. Oct. 10. 3 a* m.— From the re
turns received at midnight it appears that
t!;e Government gained two scats in yes
terday's pollings in the Parliamentary
general elections. These are the Middle
ton division of Southeast Lancashire,
where E. D. Flelden : defeated J. Duck
worth, Liberal, who represented the con
stituency in the last Parliament, and
Monmouth. where Dr. Kutherford Harris,
who now enters Parliament for the first
time, received 4412 votes, as against 3720
cast for his liberal . opponent. Alberc
| Spicer. who had represented Monmoutu
! since 1S92. . _¦-
i Among the other noteworthy elections
! was that of William St. John Broderick.
! I'nder Secretary of State for Foreign Af
talrs. !n the (Julldford division of Surrey,
with a majority of 2270 over his Liberal
opponent, A. W. Chapman, and that of
John Edward Ellis. Liberal, in the Jtush
ciifTe division of Nottinghamshire. Mr.
Kills has represented Rushcliffe since lisSo.
The ministerialists in lighting hi>n made
effective use of his pro-Boer letters so
recently published by Mr. Chamberlain,
and the majority he secured at the gen
eral election of 1S95 was reduced by-lM
>< The" Liberals are holding their own la
Yorkshire, and in some districts their
candidates have doubled the majorities of
the previous general election. Five hun
dred and twenty-two members have now
' been officially declared elected, of which
337 are ministerialists and 1S5 belong to
the opposition. The minlsteriallsta have
gained five more seats than their op
ponents.
Considerable adverse comment. Conserv
ative as well as Liberal, has been caused
by the declaration, attributed to Mi.
Chamberlain, in a recent speech, "a seat
lost to the Government is a seat sold to
the Eoers." Mr. Chamberlain writes tj
the Daily Mall thi3 morning repudiating
the statement and explaining that what
he said was a quotation from the Mayor
of Mafeklng. "a- seat lost to th« Govern
ment is a seat gained by the Boers.'
The Daily Mail, commenting editorially
upon Mr. Chamberlain's communication,
still Insists that he went too far in view
of the fact that "quite a large number of
Liberals have consistently supported the
Government's South African policy."
The paper al36 ' declares that "Mr.
Chamberlain's tactics will not assist him
in his struggle for the Premiership and
will arouse uneasiness as to his qualifi
cations for the Foreign Office."
"WooUroffe. Dr. Hewett. all of the China. In
land Mission, England.
No word from the followtnff since May S:
Emll Ollsson. Mrs. Ollsson. Mrs. J. Cooper's
child, two of Mr. Lut ley's children, all of the
China Inland Mission.. England.
At Tatyuen-Fu. Shanst. June 27: Miss
Coombs of the Shaoylnff (Independent Baptist)
English Mission. England. The evidence of
her death is a letter in German dated July o.
and seen by Mrs. Stevenson of the China In
land Mission, in which -it is stated there waa
a riot June 27, In which Dr. Edwards' hos
pital was destroyed and Miss Coombs killed.
by being thrown Into the burning building.
It Is believed that all of the mission
aries who were In Talyuen-Fu at the time
of Miss Coombs' death were massacred
on the 9th of July. The following, mis
sionaries are known to have been in Tal
yuen-Fu at the time of the reported mas
sacre and have doubtless perished. In
cluding Miss Coombs there axe only- thirty
one names, which Is six short of the num
ber said to have been massacred. accord-
Ing: to Chinese official reports, but It 's
known, that those living; at place* near
to the capital 'were urged by the local of
ficials to take refuge In Talyuen-Fu, be
cause (as they afterward said) they were
unwilling to kllll the missionaries, and
sent them to Yu Hsln. the Governor, to
butcher: -'"„"•
Supposed to have been killed at Talyuen-Fu
July 9— Rev. T. W. Ptffgott. Mrs. PIfgott. Dr.
Lovatt. Mrs. Lovatt and one child. Rev. W. G.
Stokes, Mrs. Stokes, R«v. J. Simpson. Mrs.
Simpson. Ret. O. Horidle. Miss Puvall. all of
the "Shaoyang" mission; Rev. G. B. Flarth
lns. Mrs. Farthing and two children. Miss
Stewart, Rev. T. J. Underwood, Mrs. Under
wood. C. Obere. Mrs. Obenr. O. Forsberg, Mrs.
Fcrsbenr. C. Blombergr. Mrs. Blombergr, W.
.Noren. Mrs. Norm, A. Fanerholzn. H. Jacobsan.
K Anderson. Mrs. K. Anderson. M. Book. Mrs.
Book. A. Sondberg. A. E. Palm, Miss E.
Ericksen. O. Rlngmark. Mrs. O. Rlngrnark,
F. Nystrom. Mrs. F. Nystrom, M. Nystrom.
Mrs. M. Ny»trom. C. So lerbaum. Mrs. C EVxler
bcum. A. Larson. Mrs. A. Larson. C L> Lud
berg, Mrs. C. I* Ludbergr and seventeen chil
dren In the mission, all of them Christian and
missionary alliance (American).
The following are said to be In hiding: Mr.
Kay. Mrs. Kay, O. McKi». Miss Chapman. Mlsa
"Way, all of the China. Inland Mission (Eng
lish).
In the province of Chill the following- are
unaccounted for: Mr.i Green, Mrs. Green and
two children. Miss Grepjr, all of th» China In
lend Mission. En<!and - (these people are re
ported to be In the hands of the Boxers at a
place eighty miles from Tientsin); Mr. Griffith,
Mrs. Griffith, Mr. Brown, of the China Inland
Mission. England (these people are supposed to
b» In the Jail at Shuen Tih): Rev. W. A. Mc-
Currach. Mrs. McCurrach, Rev. H. H. Dlxon.
Mrs. Dlxon. Rev. & "W. Ennals. Miss B. C.
Rennant, of the English Baptist Mission; Rev.
Atwater. Mrs. Atwater. Rev. Mr. Clapp, Mrs.
Clapp. Miss R. Bird. Rev. Mark Williams. Rev.
Pavi.l de Hart (probably). Rev. P. Rice, of th«
American Board Mission.
In the above list there are ITS peoplo.
very few if any of whom will escape. Of
these. 66 are men, 73 women (41 married
and. 32 single) and 39 children.
In the above total there are the follow
ing .Americans: - Twenty-flve men, 24
women (16 married and 8 single) and 20
children— a total of 69 Americans. Total
killed about whose death there can be
no question. 11 men. 6 married women. 13
single women and 13 children— total, 43.
Of those killed the following were
Americans: Three men. 3 married women.
6 single women, 3 children — total. 13.
In Taiyuen of those who were- unques
tionably massacred July 9th 10 were men.
9 married women, 4 single women, 7 chil
dren—total. 30. all British.
There are still some missionaries Is the
provinces of Kansuh and Kweichow
who have not been heard from for soma
time, but there is good reason to hop*
they will get to places of safety.
Considerable Adverse Comment Has
Been Aroused on Both Sides by a
Statement Chambsrlaln Is Al
leged to Have Hade.
• /
Liberals More Than Holding
Their Own in the York
shire Districts.
TWO MORE SEATS
GAINED BY THE
CONSERVATIVES
THE SAN ..-.FRANCISCO CAIJL, WEDNESDAY, OCTOBER 10, 1900.
ENGLAND'S GREAT SOLDIER.
ENGLAND'S GREAT SAILOR.
ADXniUL LORD CHARLES BERESFORD, WHOSE RECENT BRILLIANT
STRATEGY IN A LATE SHAM BATTLE IN THE MEDITERRA
NEAN HAS ASTONISHED NAVAL MEN THE WORLD OVER,
*.nd works eff the cold. Laxative Dromo-Qul
flne Tablets care a cold In one day. Xo cure,
io £*y. 1'rlce :; cents. Rpfflfflfe**!
Stops the Cough
WASHINGTON, Oct. J>.— The launching
of the monitor Arkansas has been set for
November io at the Newport News yards.
It Is expected that the two monitors not
yet launched will be In the water before
the close of the year. . i\« ,-*•;. .
The Monitor Arkansas.
Those who are fond of traveling (and who U
not) will hall with delight the news of a direct
steamship route to Tahiti.'. This charming land
has until now been* accessible only by \ slow
ealllng vessels/ 1 but. 'on November 1st the popu
lar Bteamshlp Australia will sail direct, / mak
ing- ' the trip tn 10H days. A 'reduced • round
trip rate has been made for the first trip. Call
at 643 Market street for sailing list. ' •
Papeete the Beautiful.
NEW YORK,; Oct. 9.— News two weeks
later than any previous Information has
been received from : , the * Peary relief
steamer Windward in a ¦ letter written by
Captain Samuel W. Bartlett to a friend in
this city under date of August 10.. .
Captain Bartlett. stated that he had ar
rived at Gbdhaven on* that date- and that
all were well aboard: Half the -distance
on. the voyage from Sydney had 'been ac
complished under sail. , He. expected a
good run to Cape .York and is hopeful of
finding Peary there. - .
to Find Peary.
Cape .York, Where He Expects
Conditions Favorable for the Run to
2
ADVERTISEMENTS.
DR. MEYERS SCO.
SPECIALISTS.
Diseases and Weakness of Men
We cure Lost Manhood and weak-
ness which, accompanies it. also
Private Diseases, Varlcocel©. Stric-
ture, Blood Poison." Diseases of the
Kidneys. Bladder, etc
Patients may pay when well or tn
monthly installments. Horn© cures
a specialty. Private book, question
list. etc. free at office or by maiL
to^e^tSnU 1011 - ELHnrA "
711 MARKET STREET,
*?\ San- Francisco.SAN QUENTIN'S NOTED MALTESE
CAT GIVEN TO GOVERNOR GAGE
"Paul Boynton" Makes Rough House' in an
• Express Car WEuille Being 'Shipped
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SAN QUENTIN, Oct. ».— Despite his desperate resistance, Paul Boyriton
was deported from the prison grounds on the 12:15 train to-day. Paul is a cat
of the Maltese variety, with blood as blue as his shiny coat. • Some. days ago
Governor Gage and his wife saw and admired Paul as he was doing his tight
rope act on the railing of the prison wall. 'After, their departure 'Warden.
Aguirre, in his generous way, laid plans for the capture of Paul,; with the re
sult that a snarling 'bundle of blue fur was this morning intrusted to the care
of Wells. Fargo & Co., to be delivered to Henry T. Gage at Downey, Los An
geles, v- .
On the way to San Rafael Frank Treanor, the brakeman, sat down on the '•
coop where Tabby was imprisoned. This was too mucH*for the outraged feline •
to stand. A sharp claw reached between the slats and Treanor soared up- '
ward, leaving iryTabby's clutch a portion of his trousers. *
Not content with this, the infuriated feline tore the slats from his coop !
andfcproceeded to make {ough house in the baggage car. He'did the giant •
swing on the bell cord and tore up and scattered waybills as he. raced about ••
the speeding car. He defied the law of gravity hy sprinting across the cell--'
ing. Now and then Treanor and Messenger Gee relieved his hide and tail of f
handfuls of blue fur in their frantic efforts to effect his, capture. Just before I
the train reached Ross Station Treanor lassoed: Paul with, an old bell cord !•
and after tying his forefeet and manicuring his extensive toenails he was .'
again placed in the box and boarded in. The 'heavy planking,- however, could '
not down Paul's indignant voice. He roasted the railroads in- general and '
Messrs. Treanor and Gee In particular. Captain McKenzle of the steamer •
San Rafael said: :
"I thought the box was a phonograph, Into which a" thousand cats had '
warbled." -- - '...-' 7 ' ',
Paul will be regretted at the prison. He obtained his name last winter.' One «
morning he was noticed walking along the rocky beach east, of the prison. A •
wounded canvasback duck was resting on 1 a, rock close to the water. Tabby '
Bpied it, but before he could make the capture the duck; took to- the water. \
Here Is where Paul did his most famous ; stunt. . He sprang: into! the 'waves, .
and after. a forty-yard race! returned to the ' chore with the canvasback. - . • •
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SAN DIEGO, Oct. 9.-E. W. Wilson, a
recent arrival from Boise City, Idaho, is
missing, and his almost distracted wife,
who b'rought the first news to the police
station, fears that' he has met foul play.
He was well supplied with money, having
about $G00 on his person, besides consider
able jewelry, when he went away.
Mr. Wilson, who is exceedingly fond of
hunting, had become acquainted with a
man whom Mrs. Wilson recalls by the
name of Jasper, though she is not sure
as to the rest of the name. The two men
had been talking of hunting for some
time, and on Saturday Wilson announced
that he and Jasper were Kt>lng hunting
toward False Bay and would return on
Sunday afternoon. They were to go out
on their wheels and return by train. Since
his departure he has not been seen.
The police have been unable to locate
the missing man or learn anything about
his traveling companion. One report re
ceived to-night was that the two men
were seen on 'their wheels going up Rose
Canyon, which is considerably farther
north than the place at which Wilson said
he was to hunt.
E. W. Wilson of Boise City Mysteri
ously Disappears at San Diego
and Foul Play Is Sus
pected.
GOES HUNTING AND
FAILS TO RETURN
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SAN JOSE, Oct. 9.— "Jack" Ortega, the
pugilist, who is in jail pending trial for
a criminal assault on little Grace Gamble,
believes there is an organized mob»in this
city awaiting an opportunity to lynch
him. He declares his life is In danger.
Ortega's attorneys to-day filed a number
of affidavits to show that he should be
granted a change of venue to some other
county. V was stated that while the of
ficers* were taking every precaution to
guard the defendant, they were in sym
pathy with the alleged mob movement.
For these reasons, the affidavits declared
an impartial jury could not be impaneled
in this countv to try the case. Affidavits
signed by Joe Tockunod. L,. Berryessa, P.
H Lucero. L. W. Weber and three others
were presented to substantiate these
claims
District Attorney Campbell denied the
allegations set forth and cited instances
of Ortega not being molested on the way
to and from his preliminary examinations.
He presented a number of- affidavits to
support his statement, one of which was
signed by J. M. Gamble, the father of the
girl Ortega assaulted. —
Judge Lorigan continued the case until
Thursday to hear more affidavits and ar
guments.
The officials declare there never was
any danger of Ortega being lynched, al
though to prevent an attempt Sheriff
Langford took Ortega to the Redwood
City jail the night of his arrest. Consid
erable Indignation was aroused at the
time, but the people were satisfied to let
the law take its course. Ortega s crime
was an especially atrocious one. After
the attack on her daughter. Mrs. Gamble
went into hysterics and died that night.
RESERVATION OPENED
TO HOMESTEAD ENTRY
Hundreds of Home-Seekers Will
Take Up Claims on th« Col^/ \';-¦}
ville Tract.
SPOKANE. Oct. 9.—At noon to-morrow
the north half of the Colvllle Indian Res
ervation will be thrown open to homestead
entry. It lies on the northern border of
this State and has an area greater than
that of Delaware. For weeks hundreds
of homeseekers from the East and Middle
West have been passing through here en
route to the reserve and scores of "soon
ers" have alreadv selected choice loca
tions. Armed with Winchesters, they say
they intend to hold these claims against
all comers. There will be none of the rush
across the border that marked the Okla
homa opening, for the reason .t"hat the
lands have for years been open to min
eral entry and one In the guise of a pros
pector can roam at will within the reser
vation's borders. •*
Three hundred men left Republic to-day
to locate homesteads on different parts of
the reserve. In the la«t few days many
persons have been filing placer locations
through agents on choice farm lands,
seeking in that wayf to become successful
"sooncrs." Five hundred placer location
blank notices were sold at Republic to
day- ' '- •'- •
WILSON-SKINNER NUPTIALS.
Pretty Wedding Ceremony in Calvary
Church at Santa Cruz.
SANTA CRUZ. Oct 9,-Charles J. Wil
son and Miss Caroline Georgia Skinner
were married this morning at Calvary
Episcopal Church. . Both are members of
leading families hero and prominent In
society.
It was a quiet yet a very pretty church
wedding. The decorations, were beautiful.
The bridal party entered the church to
the strains of Lohengrin's wedding march,
played by Miss Ida Wilson, a Bister of the
groom. V
The .bride i« a native of thi« city and
a social favorite. She 1b the youngest
daughter of Mrs. F. G. Manefee. Mr. W11-"
son also is a native of this city.
Assailant of Little Grace Gamble at
San Jose Appeals to the
Court for a Change of
Venue.
ORTEGA FEARS THAT
HE WILL BE LYNCHED
DISEASE CLAIMS SCORES
OF POINT HOPE INDIANS
Not Enough Survivors to
Bury the Dead.
Bishop Bowe Writes That There Are
TACOMA. Oct. ?.—Bishop Rowe of th<» I
.Episcopalian church in Alaska write? from
the Arctic regions, where he has been all i
summer aboard the revenue cutter Bear, j
that a terrible epidemic has existed this !
summer among the Indians at Point
H^pe. He visited the Episcopalian mis- !
Eion there Jn August and found that i
scores of natives had succumbed to dls- I
faf even durine the summer months. <
Thoir malady see-med to be a type of ;
pneumonia, running into quick consump- \
tion. So many Indians died that the liv- j
ins wero unable to remove their bodies, i
which were left lying where the unfortu f j
uatfp happened to expire.
Bishop Rowe learned that epidemics of |
this kind have periodically decimated the ]
Indians of the Arctic regions. At Point
Hope they have a' graveyard two miles
lonjr and a thousand years old. ¦where tens
of thousands' of natives have been buried j
In past centuries.
Dominion Parliament Dissolved.
VANCOUVER, B. C. Oct. 9.—An extra*
of the Canadian Gazette was Issued to- j
day, dissolving the Dominion Parliament |
and fixing the date for the general elec- ;
tion. Nominations throughout Canada ,
will take place on Wednesday, October 31, |
and the polling In November. The an- ,
nouncrm^nt of the dissolution of Parlia- I
ment is received with Fati?faction by both
political partifeF throughout the country, j
Tlie election has been anticipated and ;
inu^h preliminary campaigning has al- i
ready been done. There are 214 seats In •
the House of Commons and the present
Liberal Government, of which Sir Wil- I
¦trid Laurier is the Premier, has a major- j
lty of sixty members in Parliament. The
Conservative or opposition party Is mak- |
Ing it.« campaign under the leadership of i
the venerable Sir Charles Tupp»p, who Is
SO years of age.
Incendiarism at Woodland.
WOODLAND, Oct. 9.-An<nher barn was
t>urn«-<l in this city last night. This was
the fifth fire of that character, all of them
brf-aking out at times and places that
Indicate that there is a firebug in thla
city. Th»? underwriters probably will in
duce a thorough investigation by offering
a reward.
Both Mr. Pierce and his bride-to-be are
natives of Suisun Valley and have spent
i heir entire lives here. The sjroom is the
eldest eon of the late Lewis Pierce and
inherited a fortune of more than a quar
ter of a million dollars. His home in Sul
s-un Valley is one of the most beautiful
country places in Solano County. He has
managed his large hold'rigs successfully
for several years and enters his married
life wjth every comfort and luxury that
wealth can supply. •
Miss Lottie Bauman Is the only daugh
ter of Mr. and Mrs. J. H. Bauman, pio
neer residents of the valley. She is n
charming brun-tte and Is an accomplished
vocalist. She is one. of the most popular
young ladles of this section.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
«
SUISUN. Oct. 9.— William Pierce
and Miss Lottie Bauman, two of
Suisun's mest prominent young
people, will be married in San
Francisco to-morrow afternoon at
3 o'clock at the home of the bride's
uncle, D. K. McMullen, 1508 Pacific ave
nue. The ceremony will be performed by
Rev. A. F. Hitchcock of Suisun. William
H. Barley of Oakland is to be best man
and the bridesmaid will be Miss Susan
McMullen. Mr. and Mrs. Pierce will
spend their honeymoon in th* Eastern
States, and will take their departure
from San Francisco on Thursday morn-
Ing.
MISS LOTTIE BAUMAN AND WILLIAM PIERCE OF SUISUN. WHOSE
MARRIAGE IS TO OCCUR AT THE HOME OF THE YOUNG LADY'S
UNCLE IN SAN FRANCISCO.
and Patents Granted.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
INTERESTS THE COAST.
Postofflce Changes, Pensions Issued
WASHINGTON, Oct. 9.— Postmaster ap
pointed: California— Elizabeth Kennedy,
Chardon, Butte County, vice J. A, Ken
nedy, deceased. /
Pensions issued: California — Original,
Vernet Tracy, Gait, $8; Hiram M. Van Ar
man, Oakland, $8; George A. Vice, Dur
ham, JG. Additional — Peter Garrison,
Azusa. $8. Increase— George Vogelgesang,
Sacramento, 510; George W. Purdy, l'eta
luma, $10; Albert Skelenger, Veterans'
Home, Napa, $12. Reissue— Frederick L.
Jones. Sacramento, $10. War with Spain
—Original, David A. Gardner, San Fran
cisco, $17.
Oregon: Supplemental — Axom D. Far
mer, Hebo, $2. Increase — Francis A.
Haines, Hillsboro, $8; David N. Catterson,
Lawen. $8; John Jacob Guyer, Carus, $12;
Samuel K. Thornton, Gold Beach. $12. Re
issue and increase — William Blackford,
Mayger, 'S24. War with Spain— Widow,
Ora H. Laws, Oregon City, J12.
Washington: Original— Amasa S. Quant,
Custer. $6.
Patents issued: California — John Bul
lock, Manvel. hotel register; Edmund C.
Burra, San Francisco, J. C. H. Stut. Oak
land, and J.-W: Atkinson, Santa" Maria 1 ,
earbonatlon vat. also releasing mechan
ism for diffusion cell- doors: John S. But
ler, Palo Alto;, step "ladder; Edward O.
Carvin,. assignor of one-half to T. J.
French, Valley Springs, bench plane: Al
bert S. Dlxon, assignor to Asphalt Paper
Pipe Company, Los Ans-eles. pipe-making
apparatus; Joseph "V." Elliot f, Santa Bar
bara, and C. Idlor, San Francisco, bath
cabinet; Michael Gratz, Los Angeles,
whisky cooler; ¦ John H. Gregory, lone,
scraper for cleaning ditches or trenches;
William R.' Hale, Gualala. tobacco pipe;
Joseph S. Hill, Lop. Angeles, schedule In
dicator; Francis T. Leilich, assignor to
Climax Manufacturing Company, San
Francisco, machine for sewing on but
tons: Charles T. Meredith, San Diego,
machine for computing nurnbors: William
Morck, P. Kriockau Jind W, Boehle. Oak
land, track cleaner and oiling device;
Thomas F. Osborn, Oakland, sheet metal
framework for^ partitions; ¦ Charles W.
Richards. San Francisqo. toothbrush;
William H. Smyth, Berkeley, means for
anplylne fluid metals, also soldering ma
chine: Frank G. Snook. Sacramonto,
checkbook; Charles Stanley, San Fran
cisco, a-sslgnor to Stanley Aerial Naviga
tion-Company of California, airship; Mary
Welkee. Oakland, dinner pail; Harry C.
Williams, Pasadena, trolley fender and
guard.
Oregon — William Anderson. ScapDOose,
machine for pitting fruit; James McCor
kell and N. McEachem, Helix, weed cut
ter.
Washington— Benjamin F. Nedrow, Ana
cortep, drag saw. . • .
B0Y PARRICIIVE'S FATE.
Child Who Murdered His Father Sen-
tenced to Reform School.
PENDLETON, Or., Oct. 9.— Arthur Kel
ley, aged eleven. ..who confessed having
murdered his father'two weeks ago. was
to-day sentenced to the State n Reform
School at Salem. The Grand Jury re
turned a true bill against the boy, but
recommended that he be sent to the re
form school Instead of the. penitentiary.
The lad said in- his confession 'that he
killed his father because of the brutal
treatment of his: mother and himself.
At the livestock yards can be seen some
fine blooded animals. A. W. Foster has
two Percheron stallions from his Hop
land stock farm. James B. Chase or So
noma stock farm, W. P. Henshaw of.
Bloomfleld and J. J. Summerneld also
have stallions and mares on exhibition.
SANTA ROSA. Oct. 9.— F. B. Ray
mons; the high diver, met what probably
wlll prove a fatal accident this morning
while making his spectacular plunge as
part of the day's programme of the fair.
Morning. rToon and night Raymons was to
have dived from a ninety-foot tower into
a tank constructed for the purpose at the
corner of Fifth and Humboldt streets.
He carried out his programme yesterday,
but this morning, just as he left the top
of -the ¦tower his foot slipped, and ho
struck the water with his body in a hori
zontal position. He sank and remained
under water, but was fished out by by
standers and taken to his rooms in the
Eagle Hotel. Physicians were summoned,
but it is not believed he can recover. He
is injured internally and about the neck.
The accident was witnessed by a great
throng of people. Raymons is from Los j
Angeles. - ¦ \
CENTRAL SONOMA'S DAY.
Thousands of Visitors Attend the
Santa Rosa Fair.
SANTA ROSA, Oct. 9.— This was Central
Sonoma day at the .Fourth Agricultural
District and street fair, and thousands
crowded the thoroughfares and pavilion.
One of the most novel exhibits at the
fair is the dried fruit display. In the
midst of the dried fruit table is a huge
bear five and a half feet in height and
made of dried prunes. The base on which
it stands is made of dried peaches with
an occasional star of prunes. The border
around the base is of dried apples.
Another fruit piece worthy of note is an
apple six feet in diameter, composed of
as beautiful apples as ever are put on ex
hibition. The pedestal upon which it
stands is made of bunches of grapes.
The Italian-Swiss Colony of Asti dis
plays wines and brandies.
David Hetzel. the tobacco grower *of
Guernevllle, has a fine exhibit of tobacco.
He shows cigars made entirely, of his to
bacco. . '¦--'*¦ j"
Witness an Accident That May
Cost F. B. Raymons
His Life.
HIGH DIVER'S PLUNGE
TO PROBABLE DEATH
Street Fair Visitors at Santa Rosa
Out of this number the following six
were sworn: Alexander Gordon, John
Poole, D. J. Leary, Charles E. Knightb,
P. McCarthy and H. Crowhurst.
. A special venire for thirty talesmen was
issued for. to-morrow morning. Out of
this number a Jury probably will be se
lected to-morrow.
A few years ago the prosecuting wit
ness, William Mitchell, was tried for an
assault with a deadly weapon upon Joseph
I. Imsand. and the Jury disagreed. Mitch
ell was turned loose. Some time after
this Imsand was shot and killed while on
When Judge Buck called the case this
morning the defendant's attorney, E. F.
Fitzpatrick, entered a challenge to the en
tire pan«l of jurors. After a short ex
amination District Attorney J. J. Bullock
admitted that' the challenge was good ami
the jury was discharged. This necessitat
ed the issuing of a special venire for
twenty-five talesmen, returnable at 1:30
o'clock.
EDWOOD CITY, Oct. 9.— Caesar
P J Ehlers, whom "William Mitchell.
j"^l[ an a?ed negro of Colma, accuses
M. of having murdered hla wife on
A July 4 last. Is now on trial for
his life. Ehlers is charged jointly with
Frank Lemoscher and Albert Gayer with
the murder of Elizabeth Mitchell. He ii
the man that Mitchell swears he saw fire
the shot from Imsand's kitchen window
that killed his wife.
SAN RAFAEL, Oct. 9.— R. Lynch, a res
ident of Larkspur, was acquitted to-day
by judge Rodden of ,the charge of steal
ing a building. Some months ago a man
named Savage leased a tract of land from
James McCue. Savage constructed a
building. on the land, j.e afterward sold
the structure to Lynch, who moved, it -to
Larkspur. McCue caused the arrest of
Lynch, charging. him with larceny. Judge
Rodden held that Lynch committed no
felony. ' '¦ ¦ y »
Alviso Harbor Improvements.
SAN JOSE, Oct. 9.— The improvement of |
Alviso" harbor under the Government con
tract is being rushed, »and- Contractor
Alken hopes to complete the work" by
January 1. The dredger has already cut
out many of the turns in the slough and
has reduced the windings of the channel
over a quarter of a mile. Another dredger
will be put at work the last of this week..
When the>work is completed vessels draw-,
Ing eighteen feet of water. will be able to
load at the Alvlso wharves.
Weds a Santa Cruz Miss.
SANTA CRUZ, Oct. 9.— George E. Ever
ett- of San Francisco was .married this
afternoon, to Miss Myrtle Wright, daugh
ter of City. Clerk Wright. .The officiating
clergyman was Rev. Mr, Brown of Santa
Clara. The wedding was a quiet home af
falr. ¦*:;;¦; .• / ./ >¦:; ¦ \ ,
Man Accused of Having Stolen a
House Is Acquitted.
NOT .GUILTY OF A FELONY.
KILLING OF A TRAMP
LEADS TO INSANITY
Oak Bun Farmer Broods Over a Trag
edy Until His Reason Is
Dethroned.
REDDINO,. Oct. 9.— Through continual
brooding over the killing by himself of a
tramp two years ago. Charles Thomas, a
farmer of Oak Run, has become violently
insane. He was taken in charge to-day.
Thomas was returning to the . house on
his farm, where he lived alone, when he
saw a tramp entering the^ -window. He
had a rifle with him and shot the fellow
dead. : - - ¦
Special Dispatch to The Call.
the road to San Francisco by some person
unknown. Mitchell waa suspected and ar
rested, but was afterward released.
SAN DIEGANS
FIGURE IN THE
DIVORCE COURT
Mrs. Lottie A,-, Garretson
Begins; Suit Against
Her Hustend. |f
. • :
MARES CHARGES OF CRUELTY
Defendant Is Away on a Hunting
Trip, but Will Return in
Time to ' Rsceive
i Summons.
Mrs. Lottie A. Garretson filed suit in
the Superior Court yesterday for divorce
from her husband, Frederick William
Garretson, a well-known business man of
San Diego. She charges cruelty, alleging
many specific acts. In addition to the de
cree of divorce, she asks, for a division of
the community property and for perma
nent alimony.
The complaint was filed with the County
Clerk during the afternoon by Mrs. Gar
retson's attorneys. Bishop & Wheeler.
Summons was mailed at once for service
on the defendant at his home.
The news of the*dlvorce proceedings will
probably come as a surprise to San Die
giins, as, according: to a dispatch received
from that city last night, not the slightest
sound of any family jar had reached the
public ear.
The - Garretsons were married about
three years ago, Mrs. Garretson having
been Miss Lottie Curtis, a pretty young
woman. There rfre no children. Garret
eon is manager of the San Diego Cycle
and Arms Company. One of his brothers
is cashier of the First National Bank of
San Diego and another is president of the
Gas and Investment Company at the same
place.
It was not known how long Mr. and
Mrs. Frederick William Garretson had
been separated. The defendant, who was
in the Kast for some time on business, re
turned to his home a few days ago, but
is at present said to be on a hunting trip,
entirely ignorant of the summons that
will reach San EMego by the time of his
return.
Mrs.- Garretson has taken up her resi
dence in this city.
Strong Pressure Being Brought "Cpon
the Provincial Government for
the Enactment of Leg
islation.
• • - -
Special Otspatch to The Call
It is believed this movement. If success
ful, would Rive to female white domestics
hundreds of positions now held by Asia
tics.
VANCOUVER, Oct. 9.— Laboring mea
of this city have instituted a movement
having for its object the driving out of
Chinese and Japanese who are employed
in large numbers in British Columbia.
cities as domestics. Their method la bor
rowed from home legislation in the Brit
ish Isles. Strong pressure is being brought
to bear upon the Provincial Government
in an eudearor to cause the statutory im
position of a heavy tax on male domestic
servants, most of whom are Mongols. The
tax has long prevailed in the United King
dom, where it is approved as a convenient
method at taxing Indirectly the well-to
do. Here its object would be rather the
protection of white labor than the raisins
of revenue.
Vancouyer Laboring Men
Have a Plan for Driv
ing Him Out.
favor' taxing male menials
WAGING WAR
OH THE CHINESE
HOUSE SERVANT
Codicils Practically Disinherit
th« Widow, th.0 Daughter and
One Son of the De
ceasad.
Si^ciaJ X>i«x»atch t<» The CalL
HANTORD, Oct. 9.— Sensation has fol
lowed sensation In the fight for the estate
of the laie Samuel Page, but It remained
for a. discovery made to-day to supply the
greatest surprise that has yet developed
In this legal controversy. Judse Mahon
Ot Bakersfteld was conducting three pe
titions which had been filed for letters
testamentary on the estate, the applicants
being Lillian Page, the widow, ami two
sons, Solomon and Ellas Page. Mrs. Ll!
han Page was on the witness stand, and
to impeach her testimony Attorney W.
W. Cross asked tha.t a -will which she
presented some time ago and withdrew
and which was alleged to be a forgery be
jjroduced. The County Clerk was in
structed to brinp it in and returned from
lus office with wirat he suppossa was the
»!ocuinent. It was in an envelope sealed
and marked "Will c^ Samuel Page."
When the envelope was opened it was
found to cuntain two wlUs which iiad
I'ever been ottered In court before. Tnero
v.as excHerriVnl at once among the at
torneys and intero.sted persons, a* it put
an entirely new front upon the case.
One of the wills was made Jn lSyS and
vrzs signed bv Attorney J. L*. C lrwin as
a witness. In this codicil Page left ail
of Ills wtate to Elias and Henry Page,
giving Dr. Solomon Page only $50 and
Ivlrs. Graves a quarter section of farm
land.
The other will was dated in March, 1&S9.
?Jid gave to Ellas and Henry Page ail of
the old man's property. This vriU was
¦written by Samuel Page and was ad
drt-ss.il to Samuel Sinsa-baugh.
Judgo Mahon at once ordered all pro
ceeding's stopped and granted ten days for
the executors to ask for letters of ad
rn'.nistrutlon. The production of the new
¦wills was as much a surprise to County
< "Jerk Cunningham as to any one else.
He d-^s not remember when the parkatre
v;is placed in his keeping. The widow of
the d«eeased, one of his sons and his
daughter are virtually disinherited by the
production of the nww wil!s.
Tho flr=T Page will gave all the estate
to the widow and her unborn chiid. This
child died at birth, but the widow pro
duced anothrr babe which she claimed
v.-as h*»r.<=. A short time ago sh« confessed
h*r fraud and withdrew the will which
«h*» had filed for probate.
The finding of the new wills will result
In ondlcss litigation and ?non nothing will
\* left of the estate for the heirs to fight
over.
FIKBS FORGOTTEN DOCUMENTS
Kern County's Clerk Sur
prises Litigants and
Counsel.
PRODUCES TWO
WILLS LEFT BY
SAMUEL PAGE
POPULAR SUISUN COUPLE
IN THE SNARES OF CUPID
"William Pierce and Miss Lottie
Bauman to Wed.
One Special Venire Exhausted;
Six Talesmen Ghosen.
SWEARING IN A JURY TO
TRY EHLERS FOR MURDER
THE SAlK FRANpiSCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, OCTOBER 10, 1900.
CAESAR EHLERS, ON TRIAL, AT REDWOOD CITY FOR THE MURDER
OF' ELIZABETH MITCHELL AT COLMA ON THE NIGHT OF THE
FOURTH OF jtJLY. \
3
ADVERTISEMENTS.
FIVE 'DOLLARS A BOX.
The Price Cut No Figure With tHt^.
I want to say for the benefit of some
poor dyspeptic that Stuart's Dyspepsia
Tablets will give comfort and a cure
every time. Five dollars a box would not
Ftop my purchasing them should I ever
ruffcr asain as I did for a week before
upinp thc-m.
The one DO-cent box I bought at my
flrogglst'i did the. work, and my diges-
tion is all right again.
Many of my neighbors have also tried
these tablets and found them to be Just as
represented, and Mr. Ellms also wants me
to use his name in indorsing Stuart's
Dyspopsia Tablets. Signed.
A. ELI.MS and
OHARL.ES F. BUZZELL.
A«?t. Po?tmaFter, South Sudbury, Mass.
Mrs. JsmfB Harton of Toronto. Can.,
writ«s: For eighteen months I suffered
from what I supposed was bladder and
kidney trouble, and took medicine from
thre* <JIlT<rent doctors 5 ., without any p ign
of cure. I fpH so 111 at last 1 was hardly
alOe to do my work.
I thrr.ijrht I would try a box of Stuart'*
I>yppep5ia Tablets and soe if. they would
m'ulip rr,e f<-el better, never really think-
ing I had dyspepsia, but after only thr^e
or four tal»!<;t« had been taken all the acid
m.'jlilo disappeared and then I discovered
I had had acid dyspc-psia, while the doc-
tr,r>- hnc\ Ix-en trr-stlne me for kidney and
bladder; trocble. and one of them treated
tn<_- for rheumatism.
My f'Atzcfllon is fine, my complexion
«i<-ar and I am nblr» to do my work, and
low. spirits arc ur.knonn to me.
1 c-.ni so thankful for finding a cure so
pood ar.d so peasant to take as Stuart's
I >y*l)« ¦*>•?;« Tablets. I am surprised at the
chunpi' they have mad» in me.
Ali orujjRiets eeil and recommend Stu-
art'F Dyspepsia Tablets, because they
contain only the simple natural digestives,
end taken after raeals prevent acidity
end cause prompt digc-etion and assimila-
tion of food.
Physicians everywhere indorse them be-
cause they are as safe for the child as
for the adult; they are invaluable for
*our stomach, nervous dyspepsia, heart-
burn, gas on stomach and bowels and
every form of etomach derangement.
WOODLAND, Oct. 9.— Lieutenant William
Raweon of this city and Mms Effle Marshall
of Colusa County will be married on Sunday,
October 1*.
$IO.OO
Ours is the only union-
made clothing onthiscoast.
Pictured here is our ready-
made union-made suit for
$10 co — the best suit for
the price we ever sold reg-
ularly for $10.00. The suit
comes in all the popular
and fashionable cloths.
We fullv guarantee it —
monev returned if you are
not satisfied. Suit kept in
repair free. We employ
only union men — the best
workmen in America— and
manufacture " our -own
clothing.
Overcoats
Of course, our overcoats
are all union-made. We
are showing some fine
ones at $10.00 in the most
popular materials. Sup-
pose you see them, as the
season for a new overcoat
is now here; you need pay
but '
snVVoop^CQ
A good union=made
suit $10 gSBtb '
For boys from 3 t\) 10 years
old ; Scotch cheviot material
in checks, stripes and solid
blues; some with vestee in
fancy patterns; separable shield
that can.be left off if pr eferred
so that the boy can wear a col-
lar and tie; $5:00 and $6.00
values,-' only
t $4.06 a suit
Middy Suits
picture; price, "?
$4.00 a suit
We carry in this department
more than twice the stock we
used to. Mothers can get what-
ever they wish at very reason-
able prices. Here are two
typical values:
Three-piece Suits
For boys from iotoi5 years
old; pattern is an Oxford gray*
which, as you know, is 'quite
popular; round-cornered, three-
button coat; double-breasted
vest; knee pants; good suits for
dress or every day, like the
Boys' Clothing
718. Market Street.
Out-of-town orders fi/led—write us.Police Commission.
The Police . Commissioners . met last
night at their rooms In the Hall of Jus
tice. Outside of.' the regular routine no
business of importance was transacted.
The application of Mrs. L. B. Skelton for
a renewal of a liquor license for her sa
loon on Central , avenue . was denied. .It
was in this place that Police Ofllcer How
ard was slashed across the face during an
altercation with a customer whom he was
anxious' to have leave the saloon: - The
charges against the. officer will be taken
up at the next session of the board.
Burglars at "Work/
While the firemen of Truck 2 were at a
fire Sunday, evening an attempt was made
to rob their house, at 627 Broadway.. The
thief entered the -place by a back win
dow and was in the act of opening one
of the lockers' when some one disturbed
him. He left his coat, shoes and hat be
hind,, and was followed for several blockj
by Special Policeman Otis Berge.
r>etectlvea Dlnan and 'Wren are work
ing on a burglary committed in a bouse
occupied by Frank RoncelH,' at 335 Fran
cisco street. A trunk, $157 in coin, a gold
watch, a. pistol and several suits of cloth-'
ing were. taken. The police are also look
ing for a brace of daring crooks who
stole a 300-pound portable forge from the
third; story of "a building now In course
of construction at the corner of Califor
nia and Montgomery Btreets Friday night.
On the same day a horse and wagon, the
property of a Tenth Btreet'dyeing Institu
tion, were stolen' from in front of the Ger
man Bank. The wagon contained much
clothing. ; . V »«
MISS EDITH ' DONOVAN,
DAUGHTER OF SERGEANT
OF POLICE DONOVAN."
:V' (Photo by J. H. Peters.)' ;;%,*.
Galveston Fund.
The following additional subscriptions
to the Texas Relief Fund have been re
ceived by the California State Relief Ccm-
Laundry Committee reported:
I.* CJrande Laundry |25 CO
United States Laundry Association 25 00
National Laundry ¦• MOO
Gureka Laundry Company 5 p,,
St. Nicholas Laundry-- 10 00
White Star Laundry Company 10 qq
Cascade Laundry jq qq
San Francisco Laundry Association '. 23 00
Empire Laundry Company.. jo p,)
Modern Laundry *. ...Ill 10 00
I>ome*tlc Laundry • " 5 q^
Klectric Laundry jg q^
Commltte on Lumber Dealers reported: "
C A. Hooper & Co SOW
GualalA Mill Company a 20 O>
J. R.' Hanlfy & Co ..'...'.'. 20 00
Caspar Lumber Company......... jn «,>
Pollard & Dodge * 10 SJ
F. P. & J. A. Hooper " « S
Hobbs. Wail & Co * £ £j
I'nlcn Lumber Company...., [** 2*00
Retail Lumber Dealers' Aooclatton. by
D. A. Bender. President, per order
board of directors itn rj\
L. E: White Lumber Company " «o n*
Eoard of Trade reported: *
C. A. Campbell. Red Bluff. Cal • M
II. H. Wiendieck • i rj
John Ilutchinnon. Cottonwood. Cal.... 5 pX
Bank of California (treasurer) reported*
J. B. China Kfn
George "'Z'Z W
Peter Hennessey J JJJj
B - M • sou
Total reported to noon yesterday ..»323 SO
Mayor Phelan reported, to the California
State Relief Committee '.that he had re
ctlved and transmitted direct to Governor
Say era of Texas the sum of $CD19 03.
The California State Relief Committee
at its meeting to-day ordered another re
mittance of JHOOO to be stnt to Governor
Sayers» of Texas to-day.
of horticulture of the Pan-Amertcan Ex
position, indicating thait one-fourth of the
entire space in the horticulture buildinjr.
or 12.100 square feet, had been assigned to
California and that th^' space would flank
the main entrance oi the building on
either side. A letter from J. A. Filcher
was a!so read, recommending that the
wine men furnish a red wine display, that
San Francisco supply a topographical
map and that the sugar manufacturers of
California supply a ''sugar fountain" to
be exhibited at Buffalo.
General N. P. Chlpman presided at tha
meeting. : ' % ,
In the form of a preliminary report con
cerning his observations at the Paris Ex
position W. H. Mills yesterday gave prac
tical advice to the State Board of Trade.
He said that the proper things for Cail
fornians to do were to send fruit pulp
abroad, for which there la a practically
unlimited market In Europe; devote at
tention to the forcing of fruits for winter
use in the New York market; send to the
Pan-American Exhibition to be held at
Buffalo a corps of from ten to twenty
men competent to answer all questions
concerning the resources, climate and
population of California.
Upon these points Mr. Mills gave the
members of the board an Interesting and
valuable talk.
Fruit pulp, he explained. Is made of
culla and inferior fruit and Is packed in
large cans without sugar. The absence
of sugar makes the customs duties levied
abroad very low. The other advantage
is that fruits are brought within the reach
of European people in such shape that
they can, b« treated according to foreign
methods of cookery. '
Concerning the fercing of fruits for the
New York winter market Mr. Mills said
that Europeans were making large money
marketing winter grown fruits in New
York, and in his opinion California could
get that trade. In one place abroad he
saw a fruit forcing plant, the dimensions
of which were HW.X15 feet. Yet the money
value of the product in the market
equaled the selling value of fifty acres
of grapes In California. Forced peaches
bring *2 each in Paris in winter, and
bunches of grapes sell for $1 50 each. The
climate is such that tires have to be used
six months in the year, whereas in Cali
fornia fruit would ripen under glass when
ever the sun shines.
Concerning the necessity for sending
from ten to twenty men. to Buffalo to ex
plain the exhibit to be made there and
the collateral facts, Mr. Mills said that
unless explanations could be made to in
telligent -inquirers the exhibit would do
little good. The State exhibit that was
sent to Paris had no one to explain any
thing concerning it. That exhibit was
turned over to the American authorities
upon arrival and became part of- the
French show. It did no good. Mr. Mills
said that Interpreters who could speak
several foreign languages were of advan
tage to exhibitors abroad.
The board requested Mr. Mills. to pre
pare • a formal report. Letters • and tele
grams were read by Secretary Denlson.
Among them was a telegram from-F. W.
Taylor, superintendent of the department
Garden Party at Dominican College.
A garden party for the . benefit of the
Dominican College at»San Rafael wilt be
held on the college grounds next Satur
day afternoon and evening. Therefwill be
candy booths, a wheel of fortune, grab
bags, fishing ponds. Ice cream booths, etc.
A concert will be a feature of the even
ing's: festivities. The grounds are to be
elaborately decorated- with bunting and
Japanese lanterns, and the 'committee of
arrangements will spare no pains to make
tne affair a success.
St. Paul's Fair Booming.
St. Paul's Is still doing a good business
out at Twenty-ninth and Church streets.
Last night Rev. Father Conolly was en
thusiastic over the results. The Bazaar
Record, published in connection with the
fair. Is one of the best papers of Us kind
ever published in this city. It la edited
by_ the clergy of the parish. Following
is a list of the booths and those presiding
over them: St. Aloyslus booth. Mrs. W. J.
Sullivan; St. Joseph's, Mrs. P. Hennesay,
St. Michael's. Mrs. F. O'Nell; Holy An
gels. Miss Essie Nolan; St. Paul's, Miss
B. Ney; Twentieth Century. Mrs. L. P.
Oviedo; St. Patrick's, Mrs. J. Breen; St.
Columba's, Mrs. S. Shepston; Sacrecl
Heart, Mrs.' M. J. Wrln; St. Anthony's.
Mrs. G. W. Montgomery; Sodality, Miss
Rebecca Whiteslde; League of the Cross.
Miss Mae Retlly; refreshment, Mrs.
George Hlmmelstoss. -
bags and photograph albums made by
Mrs. Ivancovlch; a lovely Dresden china
fruit dish with candelabra to match, pre
sented by Mrs. Pcscia; a magnificent
study lamp; given by Mrs. Clinton Jones;
a beautiful silk petticoat due to the gen
erosity of Joe Rosenberg, and a large doll
in fashionable bri<Ja! # costume, presented
by Mrs. Lamont.
Pretty Girls Kept
Busy Throughout
the Hall.
GAY THRONGS VISIT BOOTHS AT
ST. BRIGID'S BRILLIANT BAZAAR
Bsautiful Articles At
xracx iviany
Buyers.
ST. BRIGID-S fair at the Me
chanics' Pavilion is one of the
most successful, both financially
and artistically, ever given In this
city. Last night from early in
the evening until after 11 o'clock the
booths were thronged with purchasers
who tried to outdo each other in buying
the handsome articles offered for sale at
the respective booths. During the even
ing an impromptu muslcale was given un
der the direction of Professor Harrison,
organist of St. Mary's Cathedral. Miss
Eaith Donovan, daughter of Sergeant of
>'ollce Donovan, assisted In the Young
Ladies' Sodality booth. Notwithstanding^
her tender years, she is one of the most
ardent workers at the bazaar. •
The St. Brigid's Gazette 1» a fine maga
zine that Is puBllsbed In connection wt'fc
the fair. It is edited by Miss H..M. Skid
more. Bl:t is assisted by Miss Sarah Bur
nett, who Is business manager. .
The "post graduates" are a force of
pretty girls who are doing everything to
make the fair successful. They aro Mrs.
J. R. Kcnuee, Miss Marie Convey,, Miss
Catherine Galvin, Miss Marie Cooper and
Miss E. Roarke.
The ice cream soda fountain Is well
looked after by Miss Marian Andrews and
Miss Josephine TJllman.
The "Abbey" booth is presided over by
Mrs. J. F. Sullivan.' The interior is most
tastefully arranged. There Is in thl»
booth some tasty. - water color sketches,
among them being a study of Parthenia
and Ingomar. which attract great atten
tion. •¦ " -
In the "Press" booth, which is pre
sided over by Miss Skldmore, there is a
magnificent banner on exhibition that
was captured in Ihe •Philippines by a sol
dier nr.d presented. by him to a lady of
the parish. A sight of this alone is worth
the price of admission to the bazaar, j
Among the handsome donations to the
fair >are some handsome burned leather
Mrs. .Jane K. Sather's Gift of One Hundred
Thousand for Educational Purposes.
The University of California has been
enriched by another gift — one which will
• mount to more than $100,000. It comes
from Mrs. Jane K. Sath*>r of Oakland, a
lady who long has taken a keen interest
in the affairs and progress of the State's
institution of learning and will be for .the j
establishment of a chair in classical liter- j
ature ar.d the creation of a law library.
The»Rift was offered and aocepu-3 at :i ]
mwrtiiig of the Regents yesterday aft^r- ¦
noon. It connigts of Jls.^Kt in cash and the ,
remainder in real and personal proprrt>.
Ttte conditions of the offer are ttiat tikis j
grift, or its income, f-hail be held as a.
separate fund, the income of whim shall
be paid quarterly to Mrs. Sather during
the remainder of her life-, and at her death
it Bhall be devoted to the «<iuipment oi
such a chair in a department of classical
literature as the "Regents may see tit to
establish, the fund to be known as the
Jam- K. Sather chair fund and the chair
as the Jane K. Sather chslir. The prop
erty «et aside for this purpose is described
as follows:
Cart .V~ \.'..%Ojm
Two hundred shares of the stock of the
San Francisco National Rank of the
vaJue of ./ y. 000
One hundred Fharep of the Etock of the
Fireman'* Fund Insurance Company, of
the value of 21.000
Real estate in the town of Anhl«n«l. Or.,
of the value of 6.000
Total $75,000
There Is a second fund of $10,000 which
Mr*. Sather wishes to establish, to be
known an the Jane IC. Sather law library
fund, which shall be devoted to the sup
port of a law library at the university.
If the Income should amount to more than
J10.000 the surplusage «o the amount of
$10 (**) more shall be devoted to the pur
chase cf books and publications, and thc-n
If there should etill be a, surplusage it
shall be devoted to the advancement and
support of the teaching of law at ihe
university. The property to create this
Xund Is described as roSlows:
First— The premieei In the city of Oakland
formtn* the northwtft corner of Jefferson and
N'lnth utrceU. with a frontage of 75 feet on
XI nth Ftreet and 100 feet on Jefferson etrwet-
S» cond— The premise* In the city of Oakland
on the west islde of Broadway, thirty-four
feet north cf Delger street, with a frontage of
a feet and a depth of 113:6.
Third— The preml«* in the city of Oakland
on the westerly side of Broadway. 100 feet north
or Delcer street, with a frontage Of 60 feet
and & der-th of 100 feet. . .
Fourth— The premises In the city of Al&meda
on the easterly etde of Park Btreet, 50 feet
sooth of Webb avenue, with a frontag-e of 50
f-~x and a dfnth of approximately 100 feet.
The gilt was discussed In executive sea-
pion and it was ordered that it be ac
cepted and that the president convey to
Mrs. Sathfr the thanks of the board.
Mrs. Sather is the widow of' the banker.
She was left a great deal of. money at htr
husband's death, but most or It was en
tailed to her. The thousands she gives>
to the university, however, are from her
own money, th" increase of her inher- !
itance. The gift was offered under the
conditions mentioned in order that thert
mi^ht be no ouestion over any bequest
by will. The incomo of the .property will
be turned over to Mrs. Sather for the re
mainder of her life and then it will be
absolutely at the disposal of the univer
sity regents.
On the recommendation of . President
Wheeler Dr. H. L. Ryfkogel was appoint
ed professor of pathology and applied
microscopy In the post graduate medical
df-jiartment: Dr. R. Beverly Cole, profes
sor of obstetrics and gynecology in ihe
medical d««partment. was appointed emer
itus professor of obstetrics and gynecol
ogy; Dr. Beverly MacMonagie was ap
pointed lecturer on gynecology. •
Ralph C. Daniels. " a graduate of '99,
wrote to the board returning the $150
which had been given him" as a scholar
shin during his last term in the university
and suggesting that it be used in estab-
Ushing a one-year scholarship for the cur
rent academic year. Mr. Daniels wrote
that while he had been glad to accept the
scholarship and that It had made his
graduation possible, still he always looked
vpon it as a losm and as he was in a
position to repay it he took pleasure In
doing so. leaving the manner of accept
ance to the discretion of the board, but
suggesting the one-year scholarship. The
suggestion was adopted and a scholarship
known as the Ralph C. Daniels scholar
ship was established.
¦ » ¦
Large Gaelic Class.
The members of the Gaelic Society held
a most successful meeting last evening: at
120 Ninth Btreet. Fourteen new members
were received 'as pupils. Karly In Novem
ber the members of the society will give
an entertainment at Union-square Hall.
Rev. Father P. C. Yorke will deliver an
address and the evening's entertainment
will conclude with songs in Gaelic.
Reprimanded the Policeman.
John Ford and Joseph Dunn, newsboys,
j were arrested Monday afternoon at East
i and Market streets by Policemen Fergu
son and Callahan for playing ball on the
street. They spent the nJght In the City
Prison and appeared before Judge Mogan
yesterday morning. The Judge repri
manded the officers for showing a lack of
discretion . In . making such an arrest, and
dismissed the cases.
MUNIFICENT DONATION
TO STATE UNIVERSITY
Europe Will Consume All the Fruit Pulp. Sent
There— Forcing of Fruits.
.¦ ¦¦ *¦¦-'¦•.. * l
WIDE MARKET OPENS
FOR STATE PRODUCTS
WE can measure the increase of Amerl
can industry in three ways: First,
by the increase in exrtortatlon of
dustries. In this decade t we find
that the importation of manufacturers' mate
rials Is more than doubled; for while our man
ufacturers utilize our home materials as far as
practicable In their industries, there are certain
materials which they require which are not
produced at home, while in others the supply
fxr. home production is not sufficient to meet
their requirements. In crude rubber and silk,
for Instance, all of the materials utilized must
be Imported. In following the course of the
Importation cf manufacturers' materials in ISM
it is possible to measure In some degree the ac
tlvtye« of our manufactories since 1890. The
Importation of manufacturer's materials in lS?i)
amounted to $17S.0C0.C00, or 23 per cent of our
total importation?: while in the fiscal year 1900
they amounted to $310,000,000 and formed S6 per
cent of the total importations.
•• • »
In the* export of our manufactured articles
the same rule obtains, for the fiscal year ISM
showi ths total value of our exported manufac
tured goods to have been $150,000,009, while the
fiscal year 1900 places the amount at $423,000,000.
an Increase of nearly 800 per cent. Along this
same line we meantime find our importa
tion" of manufactured goods to have been in
1890 $34j,0Q0.0CO and forming 44 per cent of our
total import trade, while la 1300 they were but
$2<».000.000 and formed but 37 per cent of the
total imr>ortB.
• • •
And the question naturally arises in your
.mlr.d. what has gone along with this increased
activity of our manufacturing plants? The
pnswer, though simple. Is all important. -It lies
in the fact that wages have steadily advanced
under the present Republican administration.
It is the story of ths difference to-day existing
among the wage-earning population and those
that existed during the laat Democratic admin
istration. It is the story of the contrast of
the earnings of our people now living under
th«* protective tariff with those paid during the
operation of the Wilson free trade bill of the
Democratic party. A few facts will show how
widespreatl'and uniform the advances In wages
have been: • Bricklayers and masons show in
1S9S an increase of 10 per cent In their wages;
In 1S99 the increase was 25 per cent. Iron ship
builders, going hand in hand with the brick
layers, secured in 1S90 an Increase of 10\per
crnt. -while 1S99 found them stil better off with
an Increase of 20 per cent. The members of
the bookbinders' craft, not to be outdone by
their rivals, advanced 10 per cent in 1S9S. and
again in 1893 find their wages Increased IS per
cent. Nor are the shoemakers out of the race,
for in 1898 their earnings Increased 10 per cent
and the following year found another Increase
of 25 per cent. Our engineers fared even bet
ter, for 1898 gave them a gain of 20 per cent
In their earning capacity, while 1S99 found them
DO per cent better off. Those sturdy men who
give us our supply of th'e precious metals found
their labor-producing powers Increased 26 # per
cent In 1S9S and the next twelve months gave
them another raise of 40 per cent. Finally, the
stage employes show the great Increase In 1898
of 200 per cent, and again in 1R99 we find them
with the magnificent betterment of 300 per cent
Need I go further along the list?
1AM pround to be a Republican; glad of the
opportunity to acknowledge my allegiance to
the party of Grant, of Garfleld. of the mar
tyred Lincoln, to the party of progress and
achievement, the party that stands for na
tional welfare, for the national honor, for sound
money and the glory of the American flag. I
am glad to pledge my first vote to William Mc-
Klnley and Theodore Roosevelt, for continued
prosperity at home and prestige abroad.
• » •
No party was ever more worthy of the sup
port of the American people. No President was
ever more worthy of their fullest confidence,
their unstinted admiration, than William Mc-
Klnley. During his administration every decla
ration of the St. Louis platform has been car
ried out. The protective tarifT has been revised
and placed in force; the gold standard has been
upheld and firmly established; our credit has
been maintained. Prosperity has taken the
place of poverty, factories have been opened, the
wheels of industry have been set in motion.
The dercon of want which stalked abroad In
the land has been driven from oifr shores. The
poor have become well-to-do and are every
where prosperous and happy. And notwith
standing that we have waged an expensive
war the national treasury has been filled.
What need Is there for change, from the party
of conservatism and' stability to the party of
opposition and Insincerity? There Is none, and
the verdict In November will be overwhelmingly
for McKlnley and more prosperity.
We have heard a great deal about the para
mount issue. At first it was free ellver. Bryan
forced that plank upon the platform, but after
the opening of the campaign the party speak
ers became strangely silent on that topic. Ex
cept In communities where free 'silver is still
conceived to be necessary to the .national wel
fare. Democratic orators never refer to that
dead Issue. Now a' new paramount Issue has
been dressed out by the party's standard
bearer, to be paraded on every occasion. 'Yet
If Bryan be elected he will be bound Just as
much to the free sliver principle as he was by
the Chicago platform In- 1S96. But he will be
rebuked at the polls, even more decidedly than
four years ago. • ,
• • •
As a last "resort the Democrats have raised
the cry of imperialism. They have even gone
so far as to say that the triumph of McKinley
would mean the downfall of the republic. As
a matter of history It was Bryan's Influence
more than any other power that secured the ac
ceptance' of the treaty of peace, by which we
acquired the Philippines and are now governing
them without their consent.
* * * .
In the position of the Republican party on
the Philippine question there Is nothing of,
unworthy motive. We are in the Philippines
not for conquest and material gain, but -from
duty and our responslbilty to civilization". We
have taken up the white man's burden and we
will not flinch under It. In the name of hu
manity American blood has been shed there.
The American flag has been planted In those
Islands. There as here it Is the emblem of
honor and Justice, and the American people will
not permit it to be hauled down.
IN a campaign where as many different is
sues are discussed in the party platforms
as the present. It is necessary for us to
look at the relative attitudes of the two
parties as to , those issues. If we find
leaders of one party vacillating In their at
titude toward important Issues, if we find them
talking on one Bide or the other, as expe
diency requires, we may be sure that -party ft
peoklr.2 Its own selfish ends and not the gen
eral good of our nation. •
The only lssu*> seriously debated at the Kan
pas City convention was the. sliver question.
Finally, by the kind permission of Richard
Croker, they inserted a plank in their plat
form calling for the Immediate resumption of
the free and unlimited coinage of silver at the
rato of 16 to 1. Mr. Bryan refused to be a
candidate unless this plank was in the plat
form. . But Mr. Bryan himself and all the other
Democratic leaders tell you men of California
and the mm of all the sound money States that
this plank meant nothing, that there are other
paramount issues. But how about the silver
States? There the Democratic orators, with
crowns* of virtue on their heads, point with
pride to the explicit declaration in th^Ir plat
form In favor of an Issue that was dead and
burled four years ago. '
The Democrats denounce the trusts and cry
out for their total abolition: further, they de
nounce the Republican party as the party of
trusts. While Dick Croker. the head of Tam
many Hall, the man by whose grace the silver
plank was allowed to go in the platform, con
trols the elgnntlc KeTV York ice trust. The
Republican party stands for the regulation of
trusts by national legislation, and stands on
Its present record as the promulgator of all
the anti-trust legislation now on the statute
books of the United States.
The one marked characteristic of the Demo
cratic platform and of their party leaders Is
insincerity. Where 16 to 1 Is a popular vote
getting; measure, the Democrats howl for 16 to
1. Where antl-lmperiallsm sounds well, the
Democrats cry out against antl-lmperiallsm;
but where they can gain strength by keeping
down the negro vote, they disfranchise the ne
groes of the Carollnas. The Democratic' party
has no policy of Us own. It stands out pre
eminent as the party of opposition.
The Republican party stands on something
more substantial than mere promises; it
stands on its record for the past four years.
Its statesmen point with pride to the restora
tion of our country's , finances and their re
establishment on a firm basis. Europe has for
the first time , come to America to borrow
money. The United States is now the creditor
of the world. The Republican administration
has er.erted all Its efforts toward the pacifica
tion of the Philippine Islands; order has been
restored In Cuba; yes, and within the last two
'months a' Republican administration Initiated a
movement by which the armies of the civilized
world rescued from the Chinese Boxers many
of our fellow countrymen- These facts speak
for themselves.
First voters, your choice is between a party
of sincerity and a party of Insincerity, between
a partv of performance and a party of prom
ise: between a party of constructive legislation
and a 'Party of political demagoglsm. In a
word, between McKlnley the statesman and
Bryan the demagogue. '
tr IKE many other campaigns which pre
11 ceded it this is a campaign of more
f| . than ordinary Importance. It !s Im
portant to those of us who cast our
first vote for McKinley and Roosevelt,
for It wi'l bring good luck to us all our lives.
It is important to Mr. McKinley, fir he will
not have to begin housemovlng for another
four years. He is a man of very sedentary
habits. I believe. It will even be Important
to our physical geography. For that silver
voice of <*<>lon«>l Bryan, which has come to be
recognize! as a part of our atmosphere, will
still linper Im-Ingly in th<! hollow, of our hill
sides, will still ripple over our vast plains,
until it swells at last., thank heavens, in the
ocean's roar or Is lost in the serene skies of
rrtxrerlty.
After those Immutable principle* of Justice
and right had brought us to present hi«h
prospects, the war with Spain was a •logical
outcome of these principles and of our de
velopment and every American should be as
proud of It as any other achievement of our
career. Not alone that we overcame in arms
a heroic and chivalrous people, not alone that
we opened the f.elds of light to the Cubans and
Filipinos. That is not the full measure of our
glory; but that we announced to the world that
we were now a power to be reckoned with In
the logic of events; that we announced to the
wnrM. to history. t« posterity that we were
now to take our place in the front rank of
nations: that wherever an American cltlrsn
was on the face of the globe he was under
the shadow of the flag: that wherever that
flag was raised before the gaze of man It would
be to him. no matter what complexion a trop
ical sun may have burned upon him, no mat
ter in what disastrous battle his liberty may
have been cloven down, it would be to him
another star of Bethlehem bringing the old
tidings of peace on earth and good w.111 to
men. .
Thorp is no Democratic party since McKln
ley. taking splendid advantage of hie oppor
tunity, wiped away the last traces of that In
tfrnecine struggle which threatened our exist
ence by calling on all sections to fight for one
country- The scattered, fragment* of that
party are merely held together by the strength
of lungs of one man. And the idols of the old
Democrat, his traditions, the spirits of his
heroes, all call on him to sever himself from
the Fand-lotters. the- communists, the anar
chifts, the socialists, the sans culottes and
the whole batch of variegated aslnlnity pro
faning the name of Democrat. When we con
trast the wise and statesmanlike polfcy of our
President, his attempt to enlist all the ele
ment^ of this country In on>> triumphant march
against foreign domination in these regions, his
maintenance of our honor as a nation which
has duties imposed upon It by the oode of na
tions arising out of the war. his protection of
American citizens abroad— if we contrast this
record with the charlatanism and harlequln
lsm of the Bryan parties in the same crisis, we
thank God that we have an American gentle
man at the head of affairs, and a patriot who
loves his country more than his party.
It If incredible that this great nation should
be deterred from taking its rightful place
among the nations of the earth by any terror
of inviting the destiny of the little city-states
of Greece or the state of Rome, in which there
wtre but two classes, the patricians and their
retainers and the mob.
FIRST voters had the floor at Met
ropolitan Temple last night. A
monster rally of them was held
under the auspices of the I'nloa
L#*ague Club. The speakers were
mostly young men who have just
reached the voting age. TheJr speeches
were aglow with enthusiasm, and tha
demonstrations of the auditors showed
that there was good red blood in their
veins.
The crowd was one of the largest that
has gathered for any rally of the cam
paign. While young men were there In
great numb<»rs. the young women were
there also, and old men and— other young
women — a*= well.
W. M. Abbott, a member of the board of
directors of the Union League Club, called
the meeting to order with a statement of
the conditions which led to the suggestion
of the meeting. There are 4000 young men
in Fan Francisco who will cast their first
vote at the coming election, and the im
portance of that vote led to the arrange
ment for the first voters' meeting. Mr.
Abbott introduced J. M. Mannon Jr. as
the chairman of the evening.
The young chairman, who is a son of
Judge j. M. Mannon of T'kiah and a grad
uate of the University of California, class
cf tf, spoke with ability and dignity on
"The Opposition Party." Ransom C. Van
Fleet, son of ex-Judge W. C. Van Fleet,
spoke on the "Logic of the Spanish-
American War."
R. S. Pierce, president of the McKlnley
end Roosevelt Club of the University of
California., spoke on "Imperialism" with
an easy and rapid delivery and self-pos-
Fession that an old campaigner might
envy.
Congressman Julius Kahn, who had
been received with a storm of cheers upon
his entrance, was the next speaker. He
epoke in part as follows:
"Facts are stubborn things. Four years
ago the thousands of unemployed work
ingmen in San Francisco made a problem
that cried for solution. As a makesmft
to tide over the troublesome days they
were put to work on a boulevard. Soup
houses were established to keep laborers
alive by charity. Now. four years later,
the factories axe going, and laborers are
employed. To-day there is peace and hap
piness and industry where four years ago
there was idleness and misery and want.
The first condition existed at the close of
the last Democratic administration, and
the last is the result of four years of Re
publican administration."
Continuing. Mr. Kahn spoke eloquently
on the Philippine question. Following him
another first voter. Herbert L. Rothchild.
spoke, his subject being- "The Full Dinner
Pall." '
R. G. Hudson, the last of the first voter
speakers, talked on "Trusts." While he
did not say there were no trusts he ably
established the proposition that there is
no trust issue.
AX ancient sag* has told us "Harpy Is
the nation which has no history" Cut
I say happy is the nation which havlne
a history, has one chronicling th* fle<"1.5
of illustrious sons. Our young republic
builded out of the West has had many RUi'h.
but among the many there are three whVh will
shine forth with a luster undlmnvd when in
the march of time the Anslo-Saion tonRU»
shall have been forgotten and when the record
of theso United States shall have fadpd from
the halls of history- They are th<» name* of
Washington. Lincoln and McKlnW-y. ¦Wash
ington founded our republic. Lincoln preserved
It to posterity and McKlnley has made It a
world rower.
There is no Issue of "trusts." The only dif
ference between the two parties Is this. That
the attitude of the Democratic party looks to
constant agitation with no restrictive lecisla
tlon: that of the Republican party to such re
striction as will prevent arbitrary advance in
prices or reduction In wages thrpugh exclusive
control, but not destruction' by legislation or
injury by fictitious agitation of llgltamate en
terprise, through great manufacturing ays
terns by which cost of production Is lessened,
price of manufactures reduced and permanency
of employment assured.
• • •
The Democratic party opposes every com
blnatlor, good or bad. It stmply echoes the
old fry. "Can any good thing come out of
Xazareth?"
The difference between the Democratic and
the Republican policy is the difference be
tween a blind and senseless hatred and careful
and lexical legislation.
The Republican party Is as firmly opposed to
trusts and monopolies as a party can well be
and is proceeding in a sane and. a logical man
ner to eradicate such evils. The Democratic
policy Is only agitation for effect.
The real .attitude of th« Democratic party
with reference to control Is shown in the vote
on the constitutional amendment proposed by
the Reoublleans and voted upon In the House
June 1. 1900. On that vote were 134 ayes, of
which 150 were Republican and 132 noes, of
which 130 were Democrats and Populists. The
resolution, of course, failed to pass, as a two
thirds vote was required, and Its rejection was
thus accomplished solely by Democratic votes.
The Democrats are "agin everything."
Taking Into consideration all of the propo
sitions—the legislation by the Republican party,
the opposition of the Democrats, and their con
tinuous agitation without any definite plans— It
should be an easy matter for the voter to
determine which of the two great parties is
really In earnest In Its attempt to crush out
Illegal and unjust combinations and conspira
cies. The attitude of one Is agitation and
senseless tirade against everything, good or
bad. The Democratic party Is simply echoing
the old cry. "Can any good thing come out of
Nazareth?" and accusing the Republican party
of friendship for the trusts. The /tepubllcan
party is as firmly opposed to all wrongful com
binations as a party can be and is proceeding
in a sane and logical manner to eradicate all
such. Between these policies there Is no chance
for choice. Between blind hatred on the one
side and careful, efficient legislation on the
other, there should be no hesitation.
ARTHUR "W. NORTH of "Woodland,
one of the First Voters of four
years ago. spoke briefly after the
last of the new First Voters had
finished. He won a great burst of
applause by reading the following from a
Personal letter written to him four years
ago by Theodore Roosevelt:
"I don't mean to advise you to be an
Impractical theorist, for I don"t like Im
practical theorists. I want you to keep
with our party an long as you can. and to
keep In touch with the people as long as
you can. but if In any given emergency
you find that acting up to your convic
tions necessitates your incurring public or
party odium why shut your teeth and
take It."
Congressman Eugene F. Loud was the
last speaker. II« was received with pro
longed applause. He spoke. In part, as
follows:
"Our country is not In danger. If
Bryan be elected the country will not be
destroyed. But Its prosperity will bo
stayed until opportunity has come for an
other change to be made. No time since
I have been a voter has it seemed to me
so easy for a young man to know on
which side to cast his first vote.
"The Republican party has stood firmly
for protection and sound money and wo
have driven the Democrats to ground.
Mr. Bryan Is a man with a purpose, ami
ho will never deviate from 16 to 1 as Ion?
as he has a voice to speak and strength
to act."
The Union League Club quartet sang a
number of campaign songs, -which were
interspersed through the programme. En
cores -were demanded at each appearance
oi the auartet.
At the close of the meeting the first
voters present were asked to remain and
effect an organization. Young men stayed
by the hundreds and the following reso
lutions were adopted:
Resolved. That we. the first voters of
• California, in mas>9 meeting assembled.
hereby organize ourselves Into the First
Voters McKinley and R.josevelt Club of San
Francisco: that we accept for our principles
the doctrfnta laid down In the platform
adopted by the Republican National Conven
tion at Philadelphia and the Republican
State Convention of California at Santa
Cruz, and we hereby offer our earnest ami
enthusiastic support to the Republican na
tional ticket.
Resolved. That the chairman of this meet-
Ing. J. M. Mannon. b« our president, and
Hartley Peart be our secretary, and that
the president Is hereby authorized to ap-
point an executive committee of twentyone
members.
The' cuatrtnan was authorized to send
the following telegrair. to the president:
William McKlnley. Executive Mansion, Wash
ington, P. C. : First yoters McKlnley and
Roosevelt Club of San Francisco, organized to
night, send' greeting and-promlse you our cor
dial support. J. M. MAXNON. President.
Ransom C Van Flee:
on 4 L^gic of the
Spanish War."
Young Orators Discuss
Issues of the
Campaign.
9 . . •.
H. L Rothch'ld Dis
cusses the "Full
Dinner Pail." .
R. S. Pierce on the
Latest " Paramount
Issue."
J. M Mannon Talks
cf Party of Op
position.
R.G Hudson Arraigns
Altitude o { Bryan's
Followers.
PROSPERITY DUE
TO PROTECTION
MCKINLEY HAS
PROVED WORTHY
IMMENSE CROWD
AT THE TEMPLE
INSINCERITY OF .
THE DEMOCRATS
OUR LIBERTIES
NOT IN DANGER
SANE POLICY ON
TRUST QUESTION
FIRST VOTERS'
MCKINLEY CLUB
Organization Formed
for Campaign
Work. ¦
FIRST VOTERS GATHER IN GREAT MASS-MEETING AT METROPOLITAN TEMPLE
AND LISTEN TO YOUNG ORATORS TELL OF THEIR FAITH IN REPUBLICANISM
THE SAN FEANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, OCTOBEK 10, 1900.
4/ ,i?. e t rP SL°', dl X orce were granted yester
day to Frieda R. Calahan from Edgar, E.
Calahan for cruelty, William Wapstaff
bims for divorce were filed by Alfred
H. Day against Margaret T: Day for in
fnTe^t? against Herbert W. Bimp.on for
In the Divorce Court
WOEK OF THE GRAND
LODGE OF MASONS
The Reports Show the Greatest In-
crease in the History of tlie
Fraternity.
The Grand Lodge of. Free and Accepted
Masons convened ln annual session at 10
o'clock yesterday morning in the Masonic
Temple. There were present ln King Sol
omon's Hall nearly live hundred repre
sentatives and all the grand officers.
The following committees were appoint
ed:
Credentials— H. P. Umbsen, L. N.
Wheeler, L. N. Butner, J. F. Boiler; on
charters— W. P. Jeffries, P. T. Barclay.
H. G. Powers, Robert Poppe, L. A. Si
mon; on by-laws — F. W. .Wight,. J. H.
Humphreys, P. S. Thompson, E. Bonner
and \V. W. Stone.
Grand Master Charles L. Patton pre
sented his report, which shows a most
flattering condition of the fraternity at
this time. There was during the year an
increase of 1130 members, the largest In
any one year ln the history of the order.
The reports of Grand Secretary George
Johnson. Grand Treasurer Edward Cole
man and Grand Lecturer "W. H. Edwards
were also presented.
The Grand Lodge was called off until
to-morrow morning; as to-day the officers
and representatives will visit the Ma
sonic "Widows' and Orphans* Home at De
coto, which was dedicated two years ago.
Next Year's League.
CHICAGO, Oct. 9.— The Tribune declares
that next., year the American Baseball
League will consist of Baltimore, Wash
ington, Cleveland and Buffalo In the
East: Chicago. Detroit, Milwaukee and
either Indianapolis or St. Louis in the
"West, with the chances favoring Indian
apolis. * : ; V V- ' .,;;
Nettie TU Craven's Appeal.
Nettie R. Craven's undertaking: and no
tice of appeal from the Judgment of Judge
Troutt, denying her petition for a family
allowance from the estate of the, lata
James G. Fair, was filed -yesterday.
Stephen Roberts and E. C. Hast appear as
sureties on appellant's undertaking, which
is for $300. -
Butterworth also found a number of
other wagons filled with cans of alleged
pure milk that did not stand the test, and
In each case the milky fluid was dumped
Into the sewers. Warrants for the ar
rest of the proprietors of the dairies will
be sworn out to-day. A crusade will be
kept up till the people obtain milk that
is not adulterated.
Caro Saranello, driver of a milk wagon
for the Italian colony dairy, appeared in
Judge Fritz's court yesterday on a charge
of having adulterated milk In his posses
sion. The case was continued till to-day.
Saranello wa3 arrested early yesterday
morning at Broadway and Vallejo street
by Policeman \V. J. Butterworth, who is
attached to the Board of Health. Butter
worth tested the milk in the wagon and
found it did not come up to the standard,
and sixteen cans were dumped into the
sewer. A can and a half of water were
also found in the wagon.
ly and Makes Raid.
Health Board Employe Awakens Ear-
AJDUI/TERATED MILK SPILLED.
(FCONNOB HEIRS FILE
EXCEPTIONS TO ACCOUNT
Charge Executrix With Having
Failed to Complete the
Instrument.
There Is dissension among the heirs of
the late Cornelius O'Connor. Maud. Isa
bel, Cornelia. Cecilia and Ella O'Connor,
by their attorney. E. F. Preston, filed a bill
of exceptions yesterday to the first and
final account of Lily O'Connor as execu
trix of decedent's estate.
As specific grounds o* objection it Is set
forth that the account is not final; that
it only contains items to the 23d of June.
X900, and there is no accounting: made of
receipts and expenditures between that
date and. September 2t>, 1900. when the ac
count was nied. The account, it is fur
ther set forth, does not show the rentals
received by the executrix from the real
property, nor the disbursements on ac
count of the realty, and it appears that
the executrix has failed to charge herself
with any rentals after May 31.1SUO.
Those contesting the account except to
various items on the disbursement side of
theaccount, among them being many ad
vances by the executrix to herself and to
"William M. O'Connor.
A further exception \o the account Is
made on the ground that there is a mort
gage against certain estate properties out
standing, and hence the account cannot
be treated as final and conclusive.
Appeal From Estee's Court.
The first cases appealed from "United
States District Judge Kstee's court in Ho
nolulu were filed yesterday ln the United
States Circuit Court of Appeals. The ti
tles are the American schooner Enter
prise vs. Fred Blrkin and the American
bark Empire against Collin and others.
Rev. Mr. Kip's connection with the
Episcopal Mission of the Good Samaritan
has brought him into prominence as ¦ a
successful administrator and a self-deny
ing clergyman. He has been a generous
contributor to the work and has accom
plished much good ln a neglected portion
of the city. .
The minister was taken to Redlands,
where he is now lying in the hope that
the genial climate would bring about his
recovery, but the change proved ¦without
avail. .
The friends of the Rev. "William I. Kip
Jr. are much distressed at the unfavor
able tidings which have been received re
garding his physical condition. A year
ago Rev. Mr. Kip was prostrated by a
severe attack of the grip, which later de
veloped into consumption. Weighed down
by the great responsibilities of his work,
the young clergyman w?is unwilling to re
tire and remained at his post until abso
lutely compelled by weakness to abandon
lt altogether.
The physicians encouraged the falling
man and believed that rest would soon re
store his strength, but the reverse proved
to be the case.
Hope for Him.
Consumption and There Is No
THE REV. W. I. KIP JE.
IS GBOWING WORSE
Young Clergyman Stricken With
ST. LOUIS MEN WIN".
Never Have a Chance.
Powell in Fine Form and Pittsburgs
Our*— W. li Tct.! Club*— VT. L. Pet
Brooklyn SI ".: .«09. Chicago 61 72 .470
P;:tFbunr ...77 r,S .f**; «t. I»ui« 6J 75 .457
Philadelphia 71 63 .E3J Cincinnati ..62 7S .452
Boston C5 6S .«(w New Tork...58 77 .430
FT. LOTJIS. Ort.. 9. —Powell was ln fine form
to-fey and Pitti-bunr never had a chance. At
ten'icnoe. <0G. Score:
Clvhs— R. H. E.
Ft. Loui* g 14 i
Ptttxbcrt 4 8 J
Batt*ri«»e— Pom-ell and Criger; Leever and
O'Connor. Umi>ir* — Era.«!ie.
Jack Jeffries to Fight Stelzner.
LOS ANGELES. Oct. 9.— The Los Ange
les Athletic Club announces that Jack
Jeffries and Jack Stelzner have been
matched to fight in this city on October
26 for 60 per cent of the &ros3 receipts, 5700
being guaranteed.
A proposition was made to Chief Sulli
van yesterday by the poolroom men that
the cases remaining on the Police Court
calendars should not be pushed to trial
until a decision was reached in the Supe
rior Court on one of the appealed cases.
The Chief made a counter proposition. He
said if the poolsellers were anxious to test
the constitutionality of the ordinance he
would select the case in which Harry
Piper took one end of a pool ln Corbett's
and Lieutenant Birdsall the other end. It
could be heard before one of the Judges
without a Jury at once and the matter
quickly decided in the Superior Court on
appeal. Corbett and Abrams were will
ing, but their attorney, George D. Col
lins, would not'eonsent, and the Chief in
structed Attorney Coffey to push the re
maining cases vigorously to trial in the
Police Courts.
John Riley, a clerk In Zlck Abrams'
poolrooms, who was convicted about a
week ago by a Jury in Judge Cabaniss'
court for violating the ordinance against
poolselling, appeared for sentence yester
day afternoon. The Judge sentenced him
to pay a dne of $100. Notice of appeal
was given and his bonds were fixed in
$500.
Poolsellers Ask Continu
ances Pending an Appsal
Decision.
WISH TO AWAIT
RULING OF THE
SUPERIOR COURT
John T. Dare. United States Appraiser
at this port, returned last Monday night
from a. trip to the East and has an in
teresting story to tell of the political out
| look. "While in New York Mr. Odell, Re
publican candidate for Governor of that
State, told him that Croker could defeat
him only by carrying Manhattan by 80,000
majority and that such a majority is im
possible. The Republicans are confident
that President McKinley will carry the
State of Xew York. According to Mr.
Dare's idea, Mr. Croker's efforts on behalf
of the Democracy appear to be made by
a man who is laboring to float .himself
hereafter. He wants to make a showing
to hold Croker to the front. Since Sep
tember the feeling in that State for
President McKinley has very much im
proved, t
Notwithstanding this confidence, the Re
publicans are well organized and hard at
work. They are holding meetings in New
York and Brooklyn every day from 11
o'clock in the forenoon until late at
night. On Bernard street and Broadway
is the headquarters for the Dry Goods Im
porters' Republican Club and 3000 chaira
are constantly rilled during the daily
meetings. All the Republican halls in tbe
city are filled to overflowing. At Central
Park, Camp McKinley, an Immense circua
tent under which may be seated 5000 peo
ple is tilled from 3 p. in. until late at
night. There are speakers in abundance,
and they average thirty minutes each, or
otherwise as long as they can hold their
audiences. In the Bowery, the great
stronghold of the Democracy, the Repub
lican clubs begin their meetings at mid
day and continue well Into the night. Mr.
Dare addressed several of these meetings
, by Invitation and was listened to very
' courteously by a mixed audience. In
i Kings County and Brooklyn the Repub
licans will give tbe local boss a lively
contest.
Mr. Dare was very much surprised to
learn that the Republicans were claiming
Maryland. On the last evening he spent
in New York he saw a Republican bet
J1000 against $750 that President McKinley
would carry Maryland. In the .cities of
Columbus, Canton and Alliance, Ohio, Mr.
Dare heard the people declare that the
Republicans were going to make a new
I record for Ohio and give a larger Repub-
I lican majority than ever before, reaching
| up to 100,000. Illinois is considered by
i Republicans to be a close State because
j Cook County, in which the city of Chicago
is situated, will poll a very large Demo
cratic vote. There is more activity ex
hibited In behalf of Bryan In Chicago
than anywhere else, but the Republicans
claim that they will offset that by the
returns from the rest of the State. In
Nebraska Roosevelt in the rain addressed
larBer audiences than Bryan did In the
sunshine. At Ogden Mr. Dare was as
sured that Utah would send its three elec
i££.i, Votes for McKinley this year. In
f^,,^^ e votes went for Bryan. He
Yr, ,u S" 5 f nera l sentiment of the people
Thlv «^S 8 ««? a? t0 le i wcU c no»E» alone.
mflkint re o n0 £ <"»PO8cd to run the risk of
making a change.
nt ¦ hi, K a / e h ? d A talk wlth the President
withtt, 7* ln Ca "ton and was charmed
KiniJ i! and his family live. The Me-
Snlv f25S JV a , Iued at ' 400 ° ™d Is
Sa po!sU5?" S 1OUS mecha n«c 1" Califor-
New York Republicans Are
Confident of Beating
Boss Croker.
SITUATION AS
IT APPEARS TO
JOHN T, DARE
The announcement of the betrothal of
the young couple foreshadowed In
The Call yesterday morning took
nounced the engagement of her
daughter. Miss Mamie McXutt. to Lieu
tenant Ashton Potter of the Fourth Cav
alry, now stationed at Manila.
AT a small and delightful tea at
the McXutt residence on Pacific
avenue yesterday afternoon Mrs.
W. F. McXutt formally an-
the keen edge from the surprise:
still It was the first chance the young
lady's friends had of offering their con
gratulations, and they were not slow to
avail themselves of that opportunity. No
day has as yet been set for the wedding.
There is a probability, should the* lieu
tenant not receive leave of absence, that
his fair young fiancee will go to Manila,
where the wedding will, under those cir
cumstances, take place.
The directors of the San Francisco
Jockey Club met yesterday In Its offices
in the Crocker building and among other
business transacted were the appoint
ments of officials other than presiding
judge. As has already been published, J.
H. Pettlnglll will occupy that position.
Ed Cole, a well known New Ifork news
paper man. -will act as associate judge at
Tanforan Park and EM Power will again
have charge of the scales. Sam Morton,
who has enjoyed a world of turf experi
ence, will take charge of the entry de
partment. Bob • McGibben could no't be
overlooked as caller, and together with his
siren voice is due here In a few days.
Almost as indispensable, Sam McGibben,
who has complete control of the riders,
was given his old position— that of issuing
the Jockey slips. George Baldwin has
been selected as one of the timers, and an
Eastern, turf correspondent will be the
other. « ' r 1 '
Joe Harvey, the well known owner and
poolroom proprietor, proved the success
ful bidder for the field book privilege. . At
Oakland track Jerry Driscoll again se
cured that part of the game.
For patrol Judges at- Tanforan It was
said George Parsons and T. F. Meagher
were the ones slated.
Ed Cole, an Eastern Turf Writer,
, / - Is to Be in the
Stand.
Seven furlongs, selling, three-year-olds and
upward, purse J1E0 — Stromo (Fauntleroy) won,
Almoner (McCarthy) second, Lode Star (Mc-
Nichols) third. Time, 1:30.
SAN FRANCISCO JOCKEY
CLTJB APPOINTS OFFICIALS
Five furlongs, three-year-olds and ' upward,
purse $150— Billy Moore (Burllngame) won,
Santa Lucia (Walls) necond, Alaria (Fauntle
roy) third. Time, 1:02.
Two furlongs. • polo ponies — Princess Flavia
(Jones) won. Three Cheers (Walls) second,
Fusillade -(McCarthy) third. <Time not given.
One mile, smllinK, three-year-olds and up
ward, purse $200— Ringmaster (McDonald) won
Campus ' (McNIchols) second, Grady (Cole)
Time, 2:12«4, 2:14^, 2:13, 2:17.
2:22 trot, purse JoOO.
Richmond Chief (Lafferty) 2 111
Dora Doe (Hooper) 12 2 2
Atherlne (Hodges) 3 3 3 3
Maggie McKenney (Durfee) 4 444
There was a pretty contest In the fourth
race, with ton horses entered. They kept
bunched until the turn for home was
made, when Billy Moore, with Burlin
game up, pulled away and won. Sum
mary:
The mile running race attracted the
talent and betting was brisk. Ringmaster
being the favorite and • winning handily,
with McDonald up.
SAN JOSE, Sept. 9.— Fine weather and
an Increased attendance marked the fair
races to-day. The programme Included
one harness event and four running races.
The first named was exciting, there being
a fine contest for supremacy between Dora
Doe and Richmond Chief. The latter won
In the end, but his best heat did not equal
that of Dora Doe.
Jose Track.
Wins the 2:22 Class Trot at the San
RICHMOND CHIEF IU" FRONT.
2:18 trot, purse $1000 — Wauban won tha fourth
and fifth heats In 2:141$, 2:16. Stranger won
the second and third heats each in 2:14V-. Moio
won the flrst heat In 2:13H. Mlllard Saumler*.
Miada, Newton A and Gold Lack aisn started
2:14 trot, purse $1000— Red June won the Hfth,
sixth and seventh heats in 2:13 1 -i, t:U\i, 2:17^4.
Arch M won the thir.1 and fourth heats in
2:ir»<4, 2:HV4. Prince of India won the first and
second heats in 2:14>J. 2:13%. Nigger Jack.
Iris O.. Miss Lycurcus. Lasso, Greenfield Hoy,
Humboldt Maid, Major Greer and Ccnstanero
also started.
2:10 pac*. puree J1000 — Balmy L won the third,
fourth and fifth heats in 2:ll'i, 2:12, 2:12'4.
Gamboy won the second heat in 2:11. Ituna
won the Hrst heat in 2:12»,i. Mark Derby, Fred
M, W'llkie Redbuck and Miss Edith also
started.
AfK»r two heats each had been won in
the 2:1? t-ot by Wauban and Stranger, re
spectively, and one by Molo, the race
went over to be decided by the heat win
ners to morrow. Summary:
Second Money.
LEXINGTON, Ky., Oct. 9.— The weath
er was cool to-day, thoug-h bright sun
shine added much to the comfort of the
large crowd III attendance. The track
vras in fairly pood shape and the carrt
afforded first-class sport. Gamboy was
Die favorite in the 2:10 pace, but he dis
appointed his backers and the best he
coulJ Jo was to get second money. Itun.i
won the f.rst heat, but was distanced in
the fourth, while th« second went to Gam
boy in a close finish with Mark Derby.
Ualmy L won the next three heats and
the race, but she had to step some to do
it. The time was not as fast as might
have been, the track beinp rough.
The 2:14 trot was a lonp drawn-out
race, seven heats, and was a pretty good
contest, from start to finish, and although
the Urn? Mas not fast, the finish In each
heat v<as close and exciting. The nrst
two heats went to Prince of India in
brushes with Major Greer and . Nigger
Jack. Arch M won the third and fourth
heats, but after that he did not seem to
be able to keep up the clip and Red June
won the next three and the race.
GAMBOY A DISAPPOINTMENT. I
Was the Favorite, but Only Secured
THE FAIR YOUNG BRIDE-TO-BE WHO MAY JOURNEY ALL. THE WAY
TO THE PHILIPPINE ISLANDS TO BE WEDDED TO THE MAN OF
HER CHOICE.
School who have absented themselves from the
school to-day be permitted to return to school,
provided that they shall do so by Thursday
morning, air* phall each personally promise
the superintendent that he or she will abide by
all the rules and regulations of the school
now or hereafter in force. All scholars who
shall not return to school in said time as above
required shall be hereafter dealt with by the
board. *
Feeling runs very hich and these reso
lutions will add fuel to the flames. The
meeting to-morrow evening probably will
prove to be a warm one. Threats were
freely made to-night by the hotheads as
to what would be done, many going so far
as to threaten to batter down the High
School front door to-morrow morninsr and
allow the students to enter the building
by that passage. Unless calmer counsel
prevails there is a possibility that the
school may be closed entirely.
Special r>ispatch to The Call.
SAN BERNARDINO, Oct. 9.— Students
of the San Bernardino High School are on
a strike. Superintendent P. E. Perham
promulgated a rule that the students must
enter the Hlffh School building by the side
doors and that only teachers and visitors
are to be permitted the use of the front
door. An indignation, meeting was held
by 1S5 students out of a total of more than
200 and resolutions were: passed demanding
entrance at the front door. This was re
fused and they left the grounds. Only
twenty-four attended school to-day.
To-night a ranfs- leeling of parents was
held, 200 persons attending, but action was
postponed until to-morrow evening. "The
Board of Education also met and passed
unanimously the following:
Itesolvcd, That we, the Board of Education
of the city of Han Uernardlno, .rattry the pres
ent rules adopted for the government of tne
High School and approve the action of SupVr
intfnd^nt F. K. IVrham in the management of
the school, and assure him of our united sup
port in all that he is doing for our schools.
Kesolved, That all scholars of the High
Orders Pupils to Enter the Building
by the Side Doors Only and
They March Off in a
Body.
Superintendent Perham Cre
ates Trouble at San
Bernardino.
HIGH SCHOOL
STUDENTS GO
ON A STRIKE
NEW YORK. Oct. 9.— A statement made
by Captain McCluskt-y to-day gives a re
markable turn to tbe JIO/XW.WO Rice mya-
Captain McCluskey saw the certified
copy of the second will alleg-ed to have
been made by William Marsh Wee on
June 30 last. According to the terms of
this will Albert T. Patrick, the lawyer, is
i;ot to receive one dollar for himself.
Charles F. Jones, tbe valet, is not to re
ceive one dollar.
All the relatives of Mr. Rice named as
Ic-fiuiecs in tt;e first will are to receive
lajgtr bequest* by the second will than
tney wounl have received under the first
W 111.
Tne William Rice Institute of Houston.
Tpx.. named as residuary lega-tee In the
E5t? wlU ' "Cehre* nothing by the second
Patrick by the second will Is named as
residuary legatee, lt b*>lng: expressly stip
ulated in tiie document tnat he is to de
vote the moiu-y to the perpetuation of the
nasne of William Marsh Kice by the es
tiib.ishment of a charity, the details of
which had been made known to him ver
bally and in writing by tne testator.
By the terms of this seoond will. Cap
tain MoOuFkey said. Patrick, the lawyer.
wpUiQ come into the control of nine-tenths
of the estate of Mr. Rice, which Is valued
all th»» way from M.<to.».(io<> to ill) <X»i r*>J
Captain McCluskey said that' the Wil
liam M. Rice institution of Texas has no
actual existence. It has no buildings, but
it has a full list of officers. All the plans
for the buildir.er and the details of its
purposes have \>een effected, but lt has
never pot beyond an existence or. paper.
This institute was to have been estab
lished on linos somewhat similar to those
of Cooper Cnloa and to have b*en oper
ated on the same broad plan of philan
thropy.
Just what precaution the aped million
aire took if the second will be genuine,
to Insure Patrick's faithful and conscien
tious carrying out the charitable plan is
rot known.
Captain Baker is named as co-executor
with Patrick by the second will. Patrick
It is alleged, alter Captain Baker's ar
rival here mad? a proposition to the Texas
lawyer by which he (Patrick) was not to
qualify as executor, thereby doubling the
lees Captain Baker would "be entitled to
It is asserted that this proposition was
mace in the hope of inducing Baker to
cease his opposition to the probate of the
"second will."
It has been a!oo claimed that th° pur
pose of increasing the individual bequests
in the second will over ' the amounts
named in the firFt will was to win over
the support of the relatives of Rice to
the second document.
Captain Baker was asked to divulge the
content* of the two v.ills, but he said he
was not vet ready to make those matters
public When questioned about the state
mi- rt made by Captain McCluskey he
f-nid that whatever the chief of the 6>
v ctive bureau Faw fit to make public was,
of course, proper.
Legatees in First Will to
Iteceivie I*irg«r
Bequests.
All Relatives of Mr. Rice Named as
Captain McCluskey Says Not
a Dollar Was Devised to
Lawyer Patrick.
CONTENTS OF
WILLIAM RICE'S
SECOND WILL
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, OCTOBER 10, 1900.
ASHTON POTTER WILL WED
CHARMING MISS M CNUTT
Betrothal of the Armg Lieutenant and a
Local Belle Is Formalin Announced,
5
We have belts as low as tS. name as others
eell at much hlrner prices, but they are noc
"DR. PIERCES." If you want tto« BEST, a
belt tfaat will cure without medicine, won't
tail to pieces in a thort time, and which may
be had at a moderate price, you must bavt
"DU. PIERCE 1 S."
Call or send a 2-cent stamp for "BOOKLET
HO. 2." Address:
FIERCE ELECTRIC CO.,
C20 Mailcet Btrwt. Ban Francisco,
Or 114& Uroadway. New York City.
Dr. Bennett's Electric Belt
ai&icea weak ttwai and women •tronc and strong
men and wom«n stronger. Rooms 6 and 6. 47
Post st., B*a Francisco. Cai.
SOLD BY ALL DRUGGISTS.
Oppression, Suffocation, NenraJgla, etc., enred by
ESPIC'S CIGARETTES, or POWDER
Paris, i. ESP1C; Hew Tori. S. FOCGEiU « MJ,
BAJ A CALIFORNIA
Damiana Bitters
ISA GREAT RESTORATIVE. INVIOORA<
¦ tor and Nervine.
The most wonderful aphrodisiac and Special
Tonic for the Sexual Organ* for both sexes.
The Mexican remedy for Diseases of the Kid-
NABER. ALFS & BKirXE. Agents.
KZ Market st., S. F.— (Send frr Circular.)
BUCtlAXA.S BRO>..
Brush Manufacturer*, 609 Sacramento St.
t>T>TTQTJ J7Q FOR BARBERS. I1AK-
DIlIJ UillLO <"" • bootblacks, bata-
houses, billiard tables,
brewers, boorfolnders, candy-maker*, cenrier.i,
dyers, - flounntlls, foundries, laundries, paper-
hangers, printers, painter*, shoe factories, rta-
blemen. tar-roofers, tanners, tailors, etc
AEW WESTEHi tiOTEL.
KEARJTT AND WASHINGTON STS.-RE-
modeled and renovated. KING, WARD &
CO. European plan. Rooms. 50c to II 50 day;
J5 to J* week; )< to D month. Free baths; hot
and cold water every room; fire grate* In every
room: elevator runs all nicht.
Weekly Cail,$1.00 per Year
SI will guarantee
that my Kidney Cure
will cure DO per cent.
0/ all forms of kidney
complaint tnd la
many Instances tta
most serioua forms of
Brisht'a disease. Ii
the disease !g com-
plicated send a fonr-
ounce Ylal of urine.
We will analyze It
tnd advise jou free
wnst to do.
, • MUNTOX.
At an droreisTa. S9a. ¦ »1»1. Quid* to BealUk
*"^ "*^? l^?A ."^1 J*** * rr *- J 303 Arrh it.. Phils.
The bert evidence of the popularity of
these hotela can be found ln the continued
patronage of those who on some previous
occasion have mad* them their head-
quarter* when Tlsltlnc San Francisco.
Connected by a covered passageway and
operated under one management on The
American and European plan.
PALACE AND
GRAND HOTELS
Carpet Rsmn^nt Sale *
Balance of Wesk. ';
Twenty-five per cent off regu- "'
lar prices on hundreds of pieces of >
handsome carpet", ranein^ from 15 {
to 60 yards. Bring measurements f
if possible. jj
60c Tapestry remmnts this week 45o {
75c Tare^'ry remnant-, room, hall or »tair "i
patterns 56c •*
90c be?t Jtrad<» li)-wir»» Tapestries for. G7\C
$1.00 Wilton Velvet Carpets, sty.ishdesiena
-- 75c
$l.C0 Axminster Carpets, beautiful patWn*
75o
Chambers 1.50 SOc
"The Twentl«th Century Handy
Cyclopedia Brltannica, 1S33" 50' 30c
man LOO SOc
"Pabo. the Priest"— S. Barlmr
Gould T3 2Sc
"United States of Kurope"*— Wil-
liam T. Stead 2.00 7Sc
"CurlCB"— Richard Marsh 1.30 SOc
"The Kye of a God"— W. A.
Frazer .' w 1.23 ,%Oo
"Croes Trails"— Victor Walte 1.50 - SOc
"Stories of the Railroad"— J. A.
Hill L23 SOc
"Maker of Moons"— Robert W.
Piic». Price.
"Th« Strong Arm"— Itobert BarT.JLIS GOc
"Youn? Mlstley" — H. S. Merri-
These are copyright bosks, by "well-
known authors, bought by us from a re-
tiring baok-seller:
7 Pub. Our
A Sale of
Gfoth-Bound Books.
Tea Table— Solid go!d»n oak. 18 inche*
h ; gh, to? 14 inches diame'er, fancy «nindl»
sup""'t\ to-lav $t. 25
Child's Mapie Crib, with woven wire and
top mattress, Ieg3 fold nndernsa'h. comnl»re,
to-Hav f'.r S3-75
Dressing Tab/9— Bir^uev" maple. Ins 12x
18 French-plate beveled edga mirror, fancy
shaped top, cna large drawer, to-day.........
1 $6.25
Bookcase — Solid golden oak. hiph y no'-
ished. 28 : n«he« wide. 5 feet 6 ni'h-'s hijrh,
oval Fench-pl t> mirror on top neatlv
carved, to-dav $12*50
Sideboard— Slid golden oak. 18x24
French-p"at3 ' mirror, hilf swel'ed froaf,
neit'y carved, well finished, good cabinet
work, to-day on'y $15*50
Furniiure Specials.
Undermuslin Bargains.
£get Ir fa- ts\60c Long C im-
fe*'C' brie Slfos. fine tucked
X^j-a ycke with embroidery
insertion. embroidery
j^y^vUVur-^\ edge on ceffs. on special
/ {'/r'ViiVT 1 !"/ sale to-day —-+
\\l\\M | konly f. 48C
K^hjnCjrvKj 53.75 French Hand-
! ! |j Maie, Hand-Embroidered
I / '/ I j p Imported Grwas. siz?s
¦ I * ' 'i I H14. 15 and 16. rn special
1 I sale to-day tto n
on'y Zpje.OGJ
500 y3rd« of esp?chl y good qui'ityof
L'pDet Curtain Swi s. with Madras
weave dot?, full 36 inches wide, on
Bpecial ?a'e Welnesday only, mg%
per ,yard MUG
Curtain Swiss 10c.
per-gallon quality, to-day 33c I
Trimmed Hats "-Special
This Dretty adaptation -.
of a Frencn Imported
T jque.sh rred c!oth cro.vn, Jr^S^^^sa
biack birJ, handsome f^Ip^^K
rhinestone ornament.'arge kj^^^^w
ve vat chou. draped ve.- W^W^^^Wt
vet e,dge, value for^f^i^>5
$10.50, Bpecial to-diy 1Q - ff
only $7.50 \T/
Wings and Aigrettes — *\J^^«».
Auas9trted lot for win-
ter we ir at big reduction* from regu'ar
prices.
$2.50 Aisrettes, loday $t*OO
$1.25 Wing?, to-day SOc
Groceries and Liquors.
Ivory Soap — large siza, to-dav 4
bars 25G
Sugar Corn — G<»'den Rule, to-day, ner
can .....7c
Baking Powder— Emporium, very be'\
re?u arly 37c cai, to-day 3Oc
Pure Fruit Jams — Assorted fruits, 1-lb
g1as-< j ti f5s
Chocolate— Stollwerck's Princess Fweet
Vanila, regu arly 30c cake, to-d»y 25c
Cocoa — Stollwerck's Heart Cocoa, to-
day, per tin 21c
Soups — Anderson's or Van Cann'*.
any variety, 3 cans for 25c
Full Ripe Olives— Finest, in buk per
quTt.. » :—2Qc
Yellowstone Whiskey — Thi< famous
brand of bourlon or rye whiskey. 8 years
o'd, botffd at distillery, full qnartp, to-
dav. p»r bottle $l,O8
Guinness' White Label Stout- Genuine
imoorted. to-day, per dcz?n $t*Q3
Zinfandel Claret— Oar 6-year old. BOc-
75c Lap Boards 49 o.
These are very '/airy S?~>k
l'ght weight, ffiade/^; V^ _Jy i
of compre3.4 paper. I '4M'^T'.. W/s" ¦* I
T6 inchoa lonz. 24 j W^/M "//¦t?t\
inches wii». has ac- \'y,; T " : ' //,,/ '"'"''' '' "'"' 1
curate yard nuaaare \^> '2y%//f,
running entir- length ' '
of board, a fin3 75c
artlc'e, on spec al s le to-day 0T^J'ymg%
A "eaponab'e specia' sile of 2 lines of
Comfor ers, regular J1.50 v.ilues; thev
are si.koline covered, tcf.ed by hand
with woo, co orinRs dainty and variety
large, anl are filled with a liberal
quantity of c ean white cotton, special
price fcr Wednesday on'y, r €>
each... &B.k€S
$1.SQ Comforters
Combination Sale
Sosp and Soap-Box.
A good heavy Jiff'- V-Sr^
nicked d metal . f*f^*i?"* ry
Soap-Box. hinged or LJ.^Q*Jr'; J}j
telescope cover,
that ?el s r gu arlv V^^^^^^Q
for 2oc. cont linirg A fV*^L^M
a 10c cake of fi ic y
sccn'ed tni'et soar, '^ yjp*^
the who e worth Hie. will be sold *^«
Wednesday on y for £MG
Ladies" $2*OO ]p^!>
Shoes §1.23. gpW
Lidi*s' Vici Kil Sioe3. stik php?ti\
vestin? tops, kid ii^s. !a:e. new
stylo to?, gjod vahe a* *2. ;0, /fiW^r^r
<n special aale to-day jm^ 1^^
only, a'l siz?s /^^ t\
:::::::::;::::$i.28 -^h^
We closed out -t raac.i 'e 3*tran regular
rric, 19^ conn E^g i=h Dacorated Desert
P are3. pink and -age £ ee l order necora-
tion; bought in theregu'ir w.ny they wm'd
retiil ftr &i.0^ per doz«n. the bi^ store's
specinl pr:c-» for Wednesday, jet *>» -.
of g ; joe
Dessert PJaties*
JM ,, iy Last Sate of the Gloak Samples \
%M^\ y —25c, 33c and SOc on the $11 . |
• Sgh-- l The last of the Benjamin & Caspary's Sample
s{\\ r Jackets and Suits are re-marked, to close out to-
tjfiiKA f day, to one-quarter, one-third and one-half of their
|^j/"Nl| | regular prices. Those who can wear 34, 35 and 38
tl %M' { s - zes W *H Set bargains to-day — ihe last day,
'ij\ j remembet !
/} I .'.\ $2 Wrappers, Special To-Day, $1.48 — NewFancv Fnnnelette
/ _J /'?^r^\ Wrapper- 1 , linsd.p ; eev s and wants, yoke trimmed w (h «o!i i
rw /W£* > **V > co °"' ed C e d w ith fancy briid. color* light blue cerise.
fex -^<— ffiafrnv? **"r | purple aid cia7, a 1 s zes, regu ar.v .*?.0O, to-dav *-»«» jae%
"i^SlJ ° n r •••• : ••• • §1*43
'¦ "^xfl^ Second Floor.
For Wednesday only
w« < ff?r ibi Arc ami
Ponv Gas Lamp w.th
j we! side light',
tardsjme nickel-plat -
p'l fin sh, light weight
for bicycle, wjrth r?g-
nlarly '$2.00 each, for
:::::::::::: $1.25
Sporting Ooods — Second Floor
A Spscial Sain of
Acelylene Gas Lamps.
5C00 yards of English Torchon Laces go on sale to-day at oc
yard. Tais is the finest lot of laces we have yet been able to secure
to sell at anything 1 ka' 5c yard, as there are quite a number of mitched sets
among them, three wid hs of edging ai/d iwo insertion?; . i onn of th» patterns
carnot be distinguished from the real M*"ici and th*» hai-'-mida Torchons; _
the y I'ues are 1 c, J2V- nn I 15c yari; all one price to-day OC
English Torchon Laces 5c Yard.
15c Whisk Brooms 10o
We have secured 2 JO Whisk Brooms,
the large size, regular 15c grade, at a
price wMrh enables us, regardless of the
recent raise of 2~> per cent in the cm
of whi'k brooms, to offer them «#•_
for to-day only, each mUG
Beauty Pins 12c Dozen
3jO dozen of the very best grade of
Go'd Plated Beauty Pins, warranted no:
to tarnish, in beaded, plain aad fancy
engraved pattern?, on special
sale to-day only 12 for iZC
Black Swiss Taffeta
7 O'D ay 64 d Yard.
Abmt 450 yarda of Black Sw'«aj Taffeta,
23j inches wide, an extra heav.- qialirv.
w.t h rich lustrous finish a-H a good u.ark, a
gr3de manufactured expre 3 y for costumes
and fhirt wais:*. that wi I give exce'ient
wear, worth soc a yard, on W»dn«s- -¦» «,
day O <?C
All of 1he '
New Music .
as soon as published at
half publishers'
prices* .
CALIFORNIA'S LARQEST-AMERICA'S QRANDEST STORE.
New Books
on date published at
liberal reductions
jrom publishers'
prices.
THE EMPORIUM.
THE EMPORIUM.
THE EMPORIUM.
the genuine.
A. "W. LOUDEUBACK. Auctioneer.
Larse. E&Iea by auction, therefore less ex-
pense.
Tbe public r*t» the benefit.
The reason we can afford bo to eell:
Expert collectir.* and buying nothing but
Po you can buy rug* a.t thla saJe cheaper
than ln Pereia. or at any place.
SERVE OR LIMIT.
No commercial rugs In this collection; all
are choice and original, selected by M. b
MIHRAN.
HUGS THAT ARE NOT CARRIED BY
THE TRADE.
SALE ABSOLUTELY WITHOUT RE-
TURKISH-PERSIAN
At 9 a, m. and 2 p. m.
Gor. Geary and Stockton.
RARE. ANTIQUE. ALL. PERFECT
OPENS
TG-DAY ¦ • Wednesday,
o/=" the: ace
AUCTION
GRANDEST
W •> O^tS H h i i Pi ynffifj^Hfln""^
IJJjjPr lilf&t^S |j fc^f |j g hter » clearer, pur-
Ill lii Jf'lm HfcS I IK? er * lt is a medicinal
' IrB/II 'If IJRSa Hill \r P re P arati °n vvhich
'I/ I Prf %f % Hl\ W ')V "^ cures, it actually coaxes a
fill filfir if JIt ill rfiv Til ii !/S new skm t0 the surface -
1 ln|| iSwt^cT The removi ng of" tan is
\M$iXw&mS mngf^L^J the least important ot its
llllTMlfflJIimmipimJI n Hc^-:"- J.) accomplishments. It re-
moves Blotches, Pimples, Moth and- Liver Patches, and restores the
clear, transparent beauty of youth.
ANITA CREAM AND TOILET CO.. Los Angeles. Cai. EDGARTON, K.n.. Jan. 1. 1900.
Dear Sirs-After spending six week* at the beach I was advise! by a friend to use vour "Anita
Cream to remove thayan. T came East the same day I bought it and so dl4 not use It until I reached
home. All my friends who saw me the first week here. said. "How black you are." In ten <t.v* th.
same people remarked how white and lovely was my complexion. '
1 frel that I cannot do without it. I send you amount for two more box.s.' Do you have any
agents? 1 have not had a pimple on my fact since using: It. and before ! wjs troubled all the time
Yours truly. MISS FANNIE COLLINS.
¦J Fult particulars. Instructions and a free sample will be mailed to any address upon receipt of 2c
postage. Anita Cbeaw A Toilht Co.. 207 Franklin St., Los Angeles, Cai. *
DR. PIERCE'S Guarantied
ELECTRIC -f*\<^ to be til -
BELT. '/I 1 BEST.i " "
WEDNESDAY OCTOBER 10, iqoo
I ; ; .
JOHN D. SPRECKELS. Proprietor. - : "^
Address AM Communications to W. S- LEAKE, Manager.
5>AVA«En^ OFFICE Telephone Prenn 204
lTBLICATlOX OFKICG...Markpt and Third. S. F.
Trlepbonr l'rp«» 2O1.
EDITORIAL ROOMS 217 «o 221 Stevenson St.
Telephone Preii 202.
Delivered by Carrlrm. 1« Cents Per Weelfc
Mncl«> Copten. 5 Cents.
Term* liy Mall, Including Postage:
DAILY CALL (including Sunday), one year $6.00
DAILY CALL 'Including Sunday). 6 months , 3.00
DAILY CALL Mneludini? Sunday). 3 months 1-60
DAILY CALL— By Single Month. 65c
BPKPAT CALL. One Year 1.51
WEEKLY CALL. One Y«>ar 1-C0
All poatmaatera mrf authorized to receive
KDblXTiptlOIII.
Sample -copie* will be forwarded when requested.
Mail cubr<.;ix»ra In or^Tlnc change or address should be
particular to rive both XEW AND OLD ADDRK5S in order
to Insure a prompt and correct compliance with their request.
OAKLAND OFFICE 1118 Broadway
GEORGE C. KROC.VRSS
Manager Foreign Advertising, Marquet'e Building. Chicago
(Long Dlstanc* Telephone "Central 2619.")
NEXT YORK CORRESPONDENT:
C C. CARLTOX Herald Square
XEW YORK REPRESENT ATIVE:
STEPHEN n. SMITH 3O Tribune BnlldlnK
NEW YORK NEWS STANDS:
Waldorf-Astoria Hotel; A. Brentano, a Cnlon Square;
Marray H1U HoteL
CHICAGO NEWS STANDS:
Sherman House; P. O. News Co.; Oreat Northern Hotel:
Fremont Hotnte; Auditorium Hotel.
WASHIXGTO\ (D. C.) OFFICE. . . .14<H* G St., X. W.
, MORTON E. CRA\E. Correspondent.
BRAXCII OFFICES— £27 Montgomery, corner of Clay, open
until 8:S9 o'clock. S00 Hayes, open until 9:S0 o'clock. CS3
McAllirter. open until 9:30 o'clock. 615 Larkln. open until
S:30 o'clock. 1941 Mission, open until 10 o'clock. 2261 Market,
corner Sixteenth, open until 9 o'clock- 1096 Valencia, open
until 9 o'clock. 106 Eleventh, open until 9 o'clock. NW. cor
ner Twenty-eecond and Kentucky, open until 8 o'clock.
HOTEL, ¦ DEL, CO RON ADO— In . making your
¦winter = plans think . of this beautiful country
home with city advantages, ideal climate, no
heavy fog or rain. At .4 New Montgomery
street, city. get. Information and speclalratea.-
James Russell Lowell, in th. North
American Review of January isfii
caS: Lincoln-AbrSn, 3 to
remember when a strnTla??m» e Flrst - We
to President Jackeo™ ; and "t wtn WS* 1
easy, we suspect, to nersnarti T , not be
have more of liberty than tt,l t eople w ho
to do with that they a^reJf/tih 0^^ 1
potic tyranny." . ' re Victims of des-
A Harmless Pleasantry.
The local Civil Service Commission owes a debt of
gratitude to the courts that have temporarily re
strained the honorable body from making a further
exhibition of its evident unfitness for its duties.
A Filipino agitator has come among us to tell 113
v.lut his people want. This is one way for the visitor
to discover what his oeople won't get..
Assessor Dodge is at present a splendid example of
an industrious, aggressive, persistent public official.
He is fighting for his polltax fees.
At one of the meetings during the open
ing of the Republican campaign in Ohio
Senator Hanna. was called upon for a
speech after' Senator Depew had conclud
ed. The Ohio Senator remarked that it
was not fair to expect a speech from him
after the able address of his predecessor
so instead of. making a speech he would
tell a story. Illustrative of the workinp.
man's dinner pall. niing
A farmer, he said, bought a cow and
calf from a neighbor. He started to lead
the cow home, the calf following alone
beside On the way a steer Jumped the
fence Mind tore down the road, the calf
following. Tying- the cow to a ratl the
farmer gave chase after the calf He ran
?«t s a i iSiu a re a d- siiakin8 hi » .»=• °s"»ffl-
The Story Hanna Told.
. WASHINGTON. Oct. 9.— Thomas Dlck
son and H. B. Safford of San Francisco!
J. L. Milllgan, B. H. Helnemann and wife
and Miss E. Jones of, Los Angeles are at
the National; Charles L. Morgan of San
Francisco is at the St. James; Mr. and
Mrs. Moller and son of Oakland are at
the Raleigh; . Harry R. Llpman of San
Ftancisco is at the Riggs. •
CALIF0RNIANS IN WASHINGTON
rROM New York comes the report that society
leaders in that city have adopted a practice of
having the labels washed from champagne bot
tles before they arc placed upon the table. The guests
are thus compelled to judge the wine upon its merits.
I? comes' to them anonymously, as it were, and they
approach it Without prejudice and without bias, '
The object of the fad is said to be that of promoting
the use of American champagnes. It has been the
custom in this coumry to regard* native wines as in
ferior to foreign wines. The label ha9 been more at
tractive to the- consumer than the wine itself. Rich
people who by reason of their wealth have been able
tc direct the ways of i-ociety and the customs of club-s
have delighted in paying fancy prices for anything
.foreign, and have scorned everything American. It
is to put a.n-end to that custom that the reformers
have started the fashion of washing off the labels.
It appears the movement has been well supported,
and now no man or woman in swell society in New
York dares to serve a bottle of wine from which
every trace of the label has not been, carefully re
moved.
. A correspondent of the New York Press in giving
£n account of the origin' and the progress of the fad
says: "Ex-Judge Frederick "G. Gedney yeariT ago
Stopped buying Imported champagnes when it was. his
treat, and recently a millionaire in upper Fifth avenue
turned down every champagne agent in this city when
he gave a swell dinner. His wines came from a cel-
CHAMPAGNE LABELS.
FINAL, PAPERS-P. E., Sacramento,
Cal. When an alien who has declared his
intention to become : a citizen of \ the
United States applies for his j second or
final papers, which are those which make
him a citizen, he is required to produce
two witnesses to certify to the fact that
ho has resided in the United States the
prescribed time, that they know him and
that he will make a : pood citizen. It is
not- necessary that. such witnesses should
be citizens of. the United States. ' They
must, however, be reputable persons.
TRESPASS— E., Point Richmond, Cal.
If a party of hunters go on a ranch to hunt
game without, permission of the owner,
they are liable in an action for trespass
This department does not know of -any
law that would authorize the owner of
the ranch to compel the hunters to kill
their dogs because while on the ranch
the dogs had killed a pet animal owned
by the rancher.
DISCHARGE PAPERS — Subscriber,
City. There is on file lA the War Depart
ment at Washington, E>. C, a copy of
every discharge given to soldiers who
served in the Union army during the
Civil War. For a" certified copy of such
address ' that department.
BLACKLEG IN CATTLE— J. H., Lam
bert, Cal. The Department of Agricul
ture at Washington, D. C. puts up a prep
aration for the cure of blackleg In cattle.
MRS. TOWNSEND— L. 8. P.,- Harrl
man, Tonn. Mrs. A. S. Townsend. "the
soldiers' friend," died in San Francisco.
July 21. 1900. ; .
BELGIAN HARE-M., Bolt, Mont.
There is no great demand at this time for
Belgian hare meat. The fad has almost
died out.
ANSWEHS TO CORRESPONDENTS.
Hope seems to be- dawning for a long-suffering
public which has been racked by the Presidential
campaign. Boufke £ockranhas a sore throat.
. The great problem of China has" been settled out of
hand. An international peace conference now in ses
sion in Paris urges the nation's to* pack their. traps
and go home. ' .
The patient young man who was thrashed almost *lo
death by. his wife in this city the other day is prob
ably convinced that the lady's contention that she is
his better half is no joke.
A movement for the reform of a certain class of ras
cals has been started in Pennsylvania upon the plit
form demanding a whipping-post for wife-beaters, and
it^3 said the chances for success are good.
The German soldiers who retired precipitately the
other day from the advance of Chinese near Tientsin
seem to have accepted altogether too literally Ep
peror William's injunction to take no prisoners.
Now that the various boards : and commissions of
our municipal government have taken to blackguard
ing one another it is reasonable to suppose that there
is much of serious truth in what they say.
The Eastern speculator who invested. $125,000 in a
mine and issued $9,000,000 in stock evidently shares
the opinion that the world takes a man at his own
valuation. He ought to make a good advance agent
for a lottery. ,
It is said that Chamberlain may come out of the
elections as the most picturesque figure of English
public life. It was thought that the friends of the
gentleman would accept for him nothing less than
the spectacular. ; ;'
A New York minister has set his foot firmly on the
road which leads to enduring fame. He says that a
man who makes himself a millionaire does the great
est possible service to the world. Most of us want to
be of service to our fellows,
Widespread surprise seems to have been created by
the fact that the sons of two American multi
millionaires have adopted a business career. There is
nothing in our laws, however, which bars the sons
of rich men from earning an honest living.
Light is at last beginning to gleam in the foggy at
mosphere of the Phelanite administration. Even his
Highness the Mayor has a suspicion that the charter
is not perfection. His hired men may soon be able
to see themselves as the public views them.
. Candidly. Jane." said a September
bridegroom to hia brldev In a spirit of self
abasement. "I can't perceive what vou
s^awin me to make yott willing to marry
»Z ( - ver v mlnd ,v dear '"' re P 11C(5 tne fr rl(1p :
h,Ht %¦?', ?" my relatives say/'-Pitts
burg Chronicle-Telegraph.
wnrt?,. •»""£ fiends." shouted the spell.
Pi^l der v as . h e erew enthusiastic in point-
JE5.V £1 tl \ e P° lu - lcal rt^ects of the Po
dunk Clarion "tne editor of that paper
may call it the party's organ. *>ut it has
Sfav^SE^fTi, 11116 sin^ that orKan has
*>,« k? w " continued his angry spouse,
thoroughly aroused, "Im going to give
you another piece of ray mind-what are
> ou doing? ¦*.* - -
'?, a i n ,T UrnIns ' the other ear." patlently
replied Mr. Meeker.— CWca S o -Tribune.
Employer-Well, Charles, I. suppose .you
have earned your wasefe this week? .
Offlce Boy— Yes. sir- considering how
Jhint t E aVe w £ rketi "J 1 earn them. I
think I have.— Boston Transcript.
Hoax— I don't understand what Blnks
eS t in /?. asg3 Vi! 11 :he sh °uld always
speak of him as "handsome." ;
? i? a »r? ult w a v nu , m °«r of p eO pi e have
Oh, that's all right:" said the Euro
pean statesman, cheerfully. "We'll leave
you your ancestors."— Puck
"You know," said the Chinese diplomat
we are very much attached to our an
cestors." * "
-What?" • "VI i VJV;
v". 13^?; c , rown on straight?"—Philadel
phia Bulletin.
"I know the first thins my wife -would
say if she were to be m»Je Queen/of Eng
land."
A CHANCE TO SMILE.
WHILE other cities of the Union are giving
their undivided attention to politics San
Diego takes time to survey herself and her sur
roundings, to note that all things are lovely, and to
issue an attractive invitation to all the world to come
and share tbem. The invitation appears in the form
of a special edition of the Union, a handsome number
of twenty-four pages, richly illustrated and abound
ing in glowing words from poets, statesmen, artists,
preachers, scholars and pleasure-seekers declaring the
surpassing excellence of San Diego as a winter re
sort.
The invitation of the Union is, however, by no
means confined to winter resorters and pleasure
seekers. It is even more urgent in asking the atten
tion of capitalists and men of business, and points out
the many advantages the city offers for profitable en
terprises in all lines of industry. Thus, after noting
that San Diego is. more advantageously situated than
any other city south of San Francisco and is the
"chief commercial port of Southern California, the
only one having a spacious deep water harbor ade
quate to the requirements of the commerce of the Pa
cific," it goes on to add: "The city has transconti
nental railway connections with the East; It is a ship
ping point also for lines of steamers, some olying up
and down the coast, others to Japan and China,
others to Mexico, and others still to Hamburg, Ger
irany, via the South and Central American and Mexi
can ports. . The commerce of the port, both coast
wise and foreign, has made gigantic strides during the
past two years, and promises to increase steadily."
'The Union has done well in issuing its invitation
thus early in the season. When the election is over
and Bryan has been defeated westward travel will
start up and all prospects point to the conclusion it
will be larger than ever. Doubtless thousands of
Easterners are already thinking of the trip, and the
Union's special edition, therefore, is timely as well as
attractive. San TJiego is to be congratulated upon
having a journal alert to its interests and so able to
advance them.
SAN DIEGO'S ADVANTAGES.
Such is the record of the woolen industry of this
country in recent years, told officially and without
partisan bias. The review gives the history of the in
dustry from the beginning of the Government, and
the samelesson has been taught by even' chaqge in
the tariff. Free trade means ruin, protection means
prosperity.
So much for the wool-growers. Their interests arc
dearly on the side of protection. Now for the manu
facturers. It was argued by the free-trader? that cheap
¦wool would benefit the millmen and enable them to
extend their industries. The results proved the argu
ment to be invalid. Th^e report says: "The effect of
the law cf 1894 on manufacturers was scarcely less in
jurious than upon wool- growers. They were not sub
jected to free goods, but were exposed to. a competi
tion under a reduced rate of duty which they could not
withstand, flooding the country, stopping. sales: first
cxh'austing profits, then - reducing wages, *and finally
shutting down mills." ¦
In 1897 a new tariff was enacted restoring customs
dirties on wool, and at once the prosperity of the wool
industry of the .country revived.. The, report says:
"The value of sheep is nearly doubled. The depart
rrrent estimate of average-value in. January, 1895, was
$1 58 a head, and last January $2 93. - *• • * It ap
pears that XX Ohio, which was # worth 18 cents in
London in l?97, when the Dingley bill was passed,
ro«e to to 231-2 cents in the. United States, though our
markets were burdened with an enormous supply
bought on a free wool basis, and next year, when a
relief from this handicap had barely commenced, it
v.as worth 20 cents here and igy 2 cents in London."
Under a protective tariff on wool the number of
sl:ecp in the United States in 1884 was 50.626,626. In
itSSj there was a slight change in the tariff, and in the
ycnr« following «evenl revenue decisions in favor of
in:porters. These had a discouraging effect upon
wool-growers, and in. five years they decreased their
flecks by upward of 8.000,000. With the enactment of
the McKinley tariff a new era of prosperity began in
1890, and in four years the number of sheep increased
by ir per cent. In 1894 came tariff legislation making
wool absolutely free, ss well as all forms of shoddy
and waste materials used in adulterations. The effect
was instantaneous. Prices of wool and sheep de
clined, resulting in the destruction of flocks and in
difference and neglect in their care.
A review of that kind is timely and pertinent to the
issues of the present political campaign, for once
more the voters are called upon to choose between
the party of protection and the party of free trade.
Moreover, an official publication will have more
veight with intelligent men than a mere partisan
document could have. It is therefore worth while to
note what the record shows to have been the effect
of the different fiscal policies upon both the wool
giowing and the wool-manufacturing industries.
THE SHEEP AND WOOL INDUSTRY.
rROM the Department of Agriculture there has
just been issued a report on the sheep and wool
industry of the United States, prepared by J. R.
Dodge, formerly a statistician of the department. In
the letter of transmittal prefacing the report it is
stated that the purpose of the department in having
it prepared was "to review the history and development
cf the sheep and wool industry in this country and to
trace the history of our domestic wool in particular,
the variation in prices and- the nature and extent of
fcrrien competition." In making such a review it
was of course impossible to eliminate reference to
tariff legislation and it> general effects on the industry,
but car* was taken "to confine the discussion to the
mere facts with as little argument and theory as pos-
Senator Thomas R. Bard of Huenenie
arrived, in the. city yesterday and Is. at
tne Occidental. He came to meet his,
daughter' on her return from Honolulu,
where she has been visiting Major Greggs*
family. .- . * . -
Dr. Edith E. McLean returned yester
day from an extended visit to New York
and Chicago. While in the East she spent
the greater portion of her time - ih the
hospitals and in . the. principal . clinics
studying" the latest methods in ¦ vogue
there. ' ; '
J. M. Brownell:of 'the Occidental Hotel..
accompanied by his^wife, will leave in a
few days for a pleasure trip through the
East. Chicago, New, York and /Boston
will be included In the itinerary. This is
Mr. BrowneH's, first vacation in several
years. "' He will be away three weeks.
Professor William T. Brlgham of Hono
lulu, who has been East on a pleasure
trip, arrived here yesterday and is at the
Occidental. He will leave for Australia
on the next steamer.
Alden Anderson, Speaker of the State
Legislature, accompanied -by his wife, is
staying at the Grand. Mr. Anderson 's
here to attend the Masonic meeting, which
opened yesterday.
Mrs.* Sedgwick Rice, wife of Major Rice
of Fort Logan. Colorado, is staying for a
ft;W days at the Occidental. She is ac
companied by Miss Hudson, of Spring
field, Mass.
Captain H. Berger, leader of the famous
Hawaiian band and formerly connected
with the Royal band of Hawaii, is here
on a month's vacation. He is at the Cali
fornia, ¦ .
J. W. Forgers, wife and child, of Santa
Cruz Is spending a few days in San Fran
cfsco.. He has apartments at -the Cali
fornia.
Mr. and Mrs. John H.< Robbing and Mlsa
Charlotte M. Robbins of Boston and Mrs-
C. S. Bigelow of New York are at the
California, ' -
John A. Gill, local ticket agent for the
New York Central, left yesterday after
noon on a few days' trip to Sacramento.
E. O. MeCormick. general passenger
traffic manager of the Southern Pacific,
will return from Chicago on Friday.
E. D. du Puis and wffe and Miss Klein
are at the Palace. Mr. du Puis is an ex
tensive mine owner at Carson, >»ev.
Surveyor General M. J. "Wright and wife
of Sacramento are stopping at the Grand
for a few days.
Bishop Hamilton, the well-known Meth
odist divine, is expected to return to-day
from Mexico.
W. "Vy. O'Connor has returned from a
trip to Arizona and Is registered at the
California.
L. P. Swift, a Fresno lumber dealer, ac
companied by his wife, is staying at the
Grand.
Judge T. G. Lambert of Monterey has
been stopping at the Rups for several
days.
J. G. Rothwell. a prominent hotel man
at Honolulu, is stopping at the Occidental.
II. W. Taylor of the Chicago Record is
at the Palace.
Frank H. Smith, an attorney at Stock
ton, is at the Grand.
H.. M. Reed of Reedley, the well-known
oil man, is at the Grand.
Robert C. Poppe, a Sonoma attorney. Is
registered at the Grand. - •
L. F. Coburn, a mining man at Treka.
is registered at the Palace. '
Ex-Supervisor Judge Edward Sweeney
of Redding is at the Grand.
H. D. Campbell, a prominent mining
man of Keswick, is at the Palace.
PERSONAL MENTION.
There is a most extraordinary example
of a most extraordinary school to be seen
in one of the local galleries this week, and
it is a rare and uncommon privilege to be
able to see work of this kind so far from
the art centers of the world— a Monticelli
subject, "Tho White Horse."
. It Is difficult, indeed, to avoid falling
into the sin of the superlative-" in even
mentioning the existence of the picture.
Says a London critic, in speaking of a
late Monticelli exhibition at the Goupil
Gallery there: "It seems like an excess,
a debauch almost of color, when you first
go in the Goupil Gallery. The splendor
bewilders and blinds you. It is not until
you have recovered from the first shock
and you begin to look at each picture
apart that you are thrilled to the soul
with his 'painted music' He cared for
nothing but color and it would be absurd
to ask anything else from him."
And thai about expresses the impression
of a first look at '"The White Horse," a
splenriid riot of color— pure cobalt, pure
vermilion, pure lemon yellow— the artist
uses with magnificent audacity. He was
a Provencal, like Tartarin or Tarascon,
steeped to the lips in the same brilliant,
absurd, romantic atmosphere of the coun
try of Daudet's hero, and it is all here
on the 21x16 inch piece of mahogany which
holds "The White Horse." One might
almost dub this glorious Gascon the Don
Quixote of the palette, the same splen
dor of imagination transmuting milk
maids into Dulclneas, inns into ancient
castles, barbers into gentle knights, per
vades the work. Perhaps also tbe same
unearthly indefiniteness may be seen, for
though In places" "The White Horse"
shows rare skill of draughtsmanship (wit
ness the superb impertinence of the half
drawn, ...hajf-suggested ligures on the
right), yet one would cry the artist's
mercy occasionally and ask a slighter
strain on the Imagination.
"The White Horse" is the center of the
composition, holding a richly garbed per
sonage of consequence; a dark brown 1
horse immediately behind seems to belong
to an attendant, and these, with two
splendidly dressed women, a baby and a
cleverly drawn hound, are all looking at
a strange, small animal or reptile on the
ground— perhaps a lizard. The sky behind
is absolutely indescribable. Heaven— a
Tarascon heaven— shows . through. The
picture is left with profound regret, and
doubtless when Monticelli is dead enough
(he only died in 'SO— of absinthe drinking)
a special niche will be reserved for him
in that rather heterogeneously populated
establishment, the temple of fame.
Another original piece of work, in the
shape of a canvas by Arthur B. Da vies, a
new American, Is also to be seen in the
same gallery. A quieter luxuriance of
color, a more subdued . richness of con
ception, a less frank bravado of person
ality, a subtle ideal, is here evident. Mr.
Davies is of the moderns, modern. This
study of swirling, angry waters in treat
ment of wave form so frankly Japanese;
the cliffs interrupting rocks so daringly
adapted to the artist's tonal conception:
the large indifference to commonplaces of
beauty and traditional forms of compo
sition; the slight touch of grotesquerle
evident, again also a borrowing from tho
Japanese: -a lofty disregard of the easy
gossip of the paint brush, and the final
result of peculiar harmonies of line,
tone and color, all point to that which to
day is individual and free, and to-morrow
will be tradition and a new artistic bond
ape.
There is also a fine Keith subject In the
same gallery— an evening study, with
mysterious depths In the foreground very
effectively relieved by two white-winged
birds homeward bound through the dim
gloom and a shadowy dream figure over,
looking the depths. A threatening sky
overshadows the landscape and a brilliant
break in the clouds on the far horizon
forms the high light of the composition.
The new-old fashion of "book plates,"
for some time now a favorite fad in the
East, has at length reached San Fran
cisco. Mrs. Albertine Randall Whelan for
some time now has been busily occupied
in designing these picturesque addition*
to the library of a connoisseur and some
of her productions are indeed things of
beauty. .
IN THE ART. CALLER I ES.
Such being the condition of affairs in Europe, it
would be an act of the wildest foil}' on the part of th£
people of the United States to elect to the Presidency
the candidate of a party pledged to free trade and de
voted to free silver. Should Bryan be elected there
will be at once an era of tariff tinkering and meddling
and muddling with the currency; and if at the same
time there should come hard times in Europe, With a
consequent flood of cheap goods to be sold in our
markets for gold, the result would be far more dis
astrous than that of the panic of 1893. We are now
in thestream of great events in the business world and
it is no time to swap horses.
A financial crisis in Germany or in Great Britain,
added to industrial depression, would lead to an ef
fort to obtain gold from the United States. Any
thing in this country that implied a willingness on
our part to surrender the gold standard would of
course increase the tendency to ship gold. Thus the
financial crisis in Europe would be followed by an
equal if not worse crisis here.
A condition of affairs almost as ominous exists-in
Great Britain. In fact, it appears the United States is
the only country in the world where there is an as
surance of good 'business for an indefinite period to
come. Our prosperity rests upon solid foundations,
but they are not so solid but what they could be
weakened by bad legislation' or by vicious and in
efficient administration of national finances.
If hard times come upon Great Britain and Ger
many an effort will be made to dump their surplus
goods upon the American market at whatever price.
Should that be permitted our markets would be over-
Stocked, our mills would have to close down and our
workingmen would suffer. It is therefore imperative
that at this time we should carefully guard our pro
tective tariff as the only possible means of preserving
ourselves from the threatened evil. ,
I TNITED STATES CONSUL HANAUER, in
r I a report from Frankfort, Germany, announces
that all business signs in that country point
toward a crisis in industrial and financial lines before
two years have passed. According to his view any
political disturbance of note may bring on the crisis
suddenly and without \varning ; Failures have already
begun in the building trade. The German papers
speak in alarming tones of the sad position of the tex
tile industry. Late statistics of the Gera district show
6022 looms idle out of a total of 11,828. The weavers
still employed there earn but eight to ten marks
($1 90 to $2 13) per week. Shares of industrial com
panies have already commenced to decline, though
the reports of their operations promise for this year
large dividends.
NO TIME TO SWAP. HORSES.
-- • , ¦
Hon. James B. Belford Opposes the Policy of
Candidate Bryan.
ONE OF COLORADO'S DISTINGUISHED
SONS DESERTS DEMOCRATIC FORCES
RICHMOND TIMES— We cannot afTr-l
to let any -one of the 'European powe—»
take possession of the {Philippine IsI.tk's
and to take from us rhe position of ad
vantage which the possession of those isl
ands now. gives us. '-'We have alrcacty
expanded," as has been, well said, and th»
question now is as to Whether or nnt v;
shall control; whether ve shall withdraw
entirely from the East aad leave all East
ern questions to be determined . by the
foreign powers. : •
NEW YORK POST— White an American
machine Is being imported into Errerlqn 1
from this country ir is being supplanted
here and converted int* old junk, all is
the spirit 1 of industrial ingenuity '^ and
willingness - to assum» rl^ks In expeii
tnenting which characterizes the Am-r -
can manufacturer, and it is that which
has brought about the perfection ami . t
ficacy of the American > manufacturer: ¦»
plant. , t ¦ .
BOSTON HERALD— The position taken
by John G. Carlisle, who is now eriga£t>d
in the practice of law in New YorK. cu"s
him entirely clear from the Democrat c
party as It is now constituted. He sup
ports McKinley for tie Presidency 01
sound money grounds. This Is importnnt.
as nxins the attitude of one of the able- 1
men in the Democratic organization as i:
was before the virus of Bryanism infper
ed it. . VI
NEW YORK TRIBUNE— The wrrck
Colonel Bryan's two candidates hav.»
made of Southern prestige and South* rn
opportunity is complete and . uflm'.wtaka
ble.
ST. LOUfS GLORE-pKMOCRlAT-Thp
outlook for tho Republicans is dia'lnctl/
brighter a month in advance of *t jx* e>c
tlon of 1900 than It was at the co^respor<J-
Ing date In 1J38.
BALTIMORE AMERICAN-Inpor!''
ism cannot be made paramount b-fore .he
people, because at best It is int:inRi'.>l^.
theoretical ard involves priori pies of
nothing more than aradenic inuxii'tar.ce.
NEW YORK COMMERCIAL ADVER
TISER — Not since the (.J^eley en mpal.TTi
of 1872 have there oeen so m;»Ti* fore
shadowings of a Ftp slrlential rand dat* »
defeat, far In advance of flection, as then-.
are of Bryan's defeat to-.ft>.y.
OHIO STATE JOl-'RIVALr-The mai
who talks about "the perli to our repub
lic" has no faith in the honesty or abi! ty
of the people to exercise. rhelr s^vorei-ji
power for their own v^o.l or for the pool
of those whom destiny has placed under
their care and protection.
NEW YORK TIMES— In China the or.'y
hope that the powers ran have of po7
manent and solid success In Ton ing on
the people intercourse with forelR- ers U»-.
In being able to convince them that the
foreigners are not their enemies anl
would-be oppressors.
PHILADELPHIA PRKSS-Th« only
States which all candid men of both pir
ties are not to-day ready to concede to
one partv or the other are Indiana. Mary
land and Kentucky, and these are rot
enough to change the re«rilt even if liry
an carried them.
CHICAGO TRIBUNE— The Cheese Em
peror should be gratified that the Oerrr.rv.
Emperor docs not demand his *head a so.
and gratitude alone should impel v him to
designate the guilty onw and hand th»*n
over for the sacrifice, after which he cai
order libations poured as freely as he :s
disposed.
CHICAGO TIMES-HERALD— If- h re
markable that the disturbances have b*th
so few in ntlrnber and trat'so Httlo^irr,
age has been done through la^leaa.-e s.
If the same restraint Is maintained to tha
close a record will have been made whi. h
will rrdound greatly to the credit of t\\
miners and secure them a large measure
of public approval.
NASHVILLE AMERICAN— Tennessee
needs industrial life. When she hasl mil Is
and factories making goods to sell to
home folks and the baEanee,of the wor'd
she will have wealth and population. VC«
have the farmers, who are.*6f course.' our
greatest producers of wealth,, but we air, >
need the artisans to tnrn* the farmers'
products into something that will bring
money. , Jj
Views of the Press
on Topics of the
Times. !
UP-TO-DATE
EDITORIAL
UTTERANCE
Upon a fad of that kind a qualified judgment must
be pronounced. It is undoubtedly,' a step in tlje right
direction. Anything tending to relieve New York
society of subjection to foreign labels is good. .Any
thing which will lead the clubmen of the metropolis to
judge wkie upon its merits and give the American
product a fair show is good. Nevertheless the fashion
cannot be .wholly approved. There is a -sort of cow
ardice in it. Why-should tlie promoters of the fad be
afraid to serve champagne with an American label?
Since they believe American wine to be as good as
that of Europe, why not have the courage of the con
viction and frankly cjfve it without concealment?
Such questions will suggest themselves to all Cali
fornians, for in this State the -superstitious devotion
to foreign labels has nearly vanished, and the host
who is sure of himself and of his company does not
have to serve foreign labels with his wine in order to
feel at ease. Neither does he: feel it necesary to wash
off the American labels. Still, the New York fad will
on the whole be received here with approval, even if
we do not follow it. It is a sign of growing indepen
dence, and the general wish will be that it live and
flourish.
lar in the State of New York, and there were no labels
on the. bottles; but it is a solemn fact that no one of
his guests hung back en that account. So beautiful
was the frappee that all possibility of identification
was removed, and the guests thought they were drink
ing nectar from the chalk cellars of Epernay instead
of a natural wine from up State recommended for its
purity and effervescence by Duncan B. Harrison.
When other millionaires of deep patriotic and eco
nomical instincts got wind of this they tried the
American wine, minus labels, and the fad was inaugu
rated." ¦ '
¦ When the judicial clauses of the Virginia constitu
tion were under discussion John Marshall said to the
convention, in a plea for an independent judiciary:
"The judicial department comes home in its effects
to^ every man's fireside; it passes on his property,
his reputation, his life, his all. Is it not important to
the last degree that it should be rendered perfectly
and completely independent, with nothing to influence
or control it but God and its conscience? I have al
ways thought, from my earliest youth until now, that
the greatest scourge an angry heaven ever inflicted
upon an ungrateful and sinning 1 people was an ignor
ant, a corrupt or a dependent judiciary."
Marshall might have included ignorance and cor
ruption in the one word dependent, for they are in
separable from it: It is such a judiciary that Mr.
Bryan proposes, if he get the power, to destroy,
abolishing that branch of our constitutional system.
His attack upon it is an assault upon our whole sys
tem of government, for, with the prop of an indepen
dent judiciary removed, the whole structure falls in
ruin.
In his old age, while yet Chief Justice, he was a
member of the Constitutional Convention of Vir
ginia. He sat there with Madison, Monroe, John
Randolph and John Tyler.
John Marshall, who was Chief Justice from 1801 to
1S32. put in force the provisions of the constitution by
his judicial decisions. He found the constitution a
blear skeleton, wired together and lifeless. He fleshed
its bones and breathed into it a living soul.
Every writer on the constitution, at home and
abroad, has affirmed that if this Government is to en
dure its permanence depends upon the Supreme
Court. Every expounder of the constitution, Mar
shall, Webster, De Tocqueville, Professor Bryce and
Judge Story, has pointed to that court as the anchor
of the government. But Mr. Bryan desires to de
stroy it!
His idea was that a court should be compelled to
decide according to the resolutions of a mass-meeting
instead of according to the law. His views went into
the Chicago platform, which denounced the right of
a court to enforce its own judgment by proceedings
in contempt. It also denounced, the tenure of the
Federal courts and proposed to destroy it. He
boasted that he woulU reorganize the Supreme Court
of the United States and subordinate it to his will. In
his campaign that year, as now, he devoted much time
to misrepresentation of the courts and appeals to the
people to subordinate or destroy them. He has
omitted nothing, that will foster disrespect for the
judiciary, rouse hatred against it and invoke a spirit
that demands its revolutionary destruction. His
course is an attack upon the constitution, which made
the judiciary a co-ordinate branch of the Government.
To make that branch dependent is to destroy it, for
the makers of the constitution carefully provided for
it? permanence and usefulness by making it indepen
dent. It was intended to be the rationalizing co-
Cidinate of the Government, its duty being to reduce
to reason and to constitutional rules the acts of the
legislative branch.
BRYflN ON THE JUDICIARY.
r~VEFORE his nomination in 1896 Bryan wrote
K^ and published his views on the judiciary.. He
said that the courts should not be independent,
that the judicial branch of the Government was dan
gerous to the liberties -of the people and should be
subordinated to what he calls "the popular will."
THE SAN FR AXCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, OCTOBER 1U, s Itf UU.
COLORADO DEMOCRAT WHO
THINKS BRYAX AN OBSTA
CLE TO PROGRESS.
"JAMES B. BELFORD.
"Denver, Colo., Oct. 2, 1900.
j AMES B. BELFORD, Territorial
| Judge under Johnson and Grant,
Republican Territorial Represen
tative in the Forty-fourth Con
gress, but for the last twelve years a
Democrat and one of the Bryan cam
paign orators in 1896, has announced
that he will cast his vote for President
McKinley and the Republican ticket ai
the election in November. He tells why
he will do so in the following statement:
"Editor San Francisco Call: While I
still admire Bryan personally, I will not
permit- him to stand in the way of the
nation's progress if I can help it. The
United States is destined to lead the
world powers in commerce, and I am
convinced that President McKinley has
pointed out the way. Our possessions
in the Orient must not be forfeited.
Believes That President
McKinley Should Be
Re-elected.
Declares the Nebraskan
Would Block Coun
try's Progress.
6
AMUSEMENTS,
.Alfcambra — "A Texaa Steer."
Orrheum— Vaudeville.
Grand Opera-house— "In Paradise."
Alcazar — "We Uns cf Tennessee."
Tivoll— "Riroletto."
Columbia — "Quo Vadis."
Olympla, corner Mason and Eddy streets— Specialties.
Chutes. Zoo and Theater— Vaudeville every afternoon and
•veninc.
Fischer'*— Vaudeville.
Eutro Baths— Open nights.
leaves the lungs weak and
opens the door for the germs
of Consumption. Don't
wait until they get in, and
you begin to cough. Close
the door at once t by healing
the inflammatiorf.
makes the lungs germ-
proof; it heals the inflam-
mation and closes the doors.
It builds up and strengthens
the entire 'system ".with
wonderful rapidity.
ADVESTlSEaiENTS.
Cal. glace fruit 5Qc per n> at Townsend's.-
Special «upplied daily in
business houses and public men by the
fress Clipping Bureau (Allen's), 510 Mont-
gomery su Telephone Jilaln 1042. •
• According to Lloyd's Register of BrltUh
anil Foreign Shipping the total number cf
steamships and sailing vessels In the
*N°m> d ° n Jn P° *° ot the. present year was
AUCTION SALES.
By A. W. Liouderback— To-day, at 11 and 2 o'clock. Turkish
and Persian Hues, at corner Geary and Stockton streets.TO SAIL.
.Having bought the entire : bankrupt
srtock; of .the, California Shoe Co. of 1506
Market- street, I will placed the same on
sale for. 35c on the dollar. Sale to begin
this Saturday; Oct. 13, 1506 Market street,
above City Hall avenue. H. LESSER. •
Good News.
min's candyj factory, at 710 Market street,
hired a team on Sunday for a drive, in the
park. He upset the rig, wrecking it bad
ly.' He notified -the stable "of the accident
and promised to pay for the damages, but
as he had no money he determined to
leave town.'. .
On Monday . morning, -between 7 and 8
o'clock Voulleime backed a wagon up to
the store, loaded it with candles and
confections valued at $300 and drove off.
Mr. Benjamin thinks Voulleime took the
candy In order to raise money to take
him. out of town. He says Voulleime was
a good salesman, and it, he would return
he. (Benjamin) would willingly pay for
the wrecked team
Clerk Becomes a Thief Because He
Could Not Pay for a Wrecked
Rig.
Louis. Voulleime, an employe of Benja-
ROBS HIS EMPIX) YER
TO ESCAPE A CREDITOR
At the meeting of California Council
last Tuesday night In Elks' Hall the at
tendance of members of the council and
of the order waa the largest that there
has been there for many months. After
the initiation of four strangers and the
transaction of routine business the coun
cil closed at half-past 9 o'clock and was
then turned over to Speaker W. A. S.
Nicholson for an evening of fun. He pre
sented a good programme of musical se
lections by the California Quartet ana the
individual members ..lereof. but the hit
of the evening was a cakewalk by L. Vin
cent as Little Egypt and L. Banz as
Count Fattyanjo. her escort. " It was a
cakewallc such as never before was'pre
sented to an audience, as each participant
brtnKs down the scales at 240. The grace
of such walkers must be seen to be ap
preciated. It was amusing and waa
warYnly applauded. The close of the pro
framme was an Italian dialect sketch by
I. Holland and popular songs, all present
joining in the choruses. At the next meet
ing L Vincent will introduce as a feature
the battle of San Juan.
The next of the choice entertainments
and socials given by the National Union
Social and literary Club will be given in
Odd Fellows' Hall next Wednesday even-
Ing on which occasion John R. Hlllman
will be the chairman of the evening. The
committee, consisting of W. W. Healey.
E A.' Kldd, J. N. Bunting and Fred H.
Hastings,' has prepared the following pro
gramme for that evening. As usual, danc
ing will follow: Selections, 3 to 8:20
o'clock, Sichel's orchestra; (a) march, "On
Duty" (Rosey), (b) selection. "Wang"
(Morse); lightning sketch artist, Frank
Merwin; specialties. Bell P. Ockenden.
Comic operetta in one act; "What Hap
pened to. Brown— Nicodemus RJley. In the
honey business. J. C. O'Donnell: Mackin
tosh Brown. Roy Barrett Kay; Eglantine
| Roseleaf. Will M. Ogilvie; Julia, Brown's
The National Union.
Time Ball.
Branch Hydrographlc Office. U. S. N., Mer
chants' Kxchange. San Francisco, CaL.
October J. 1900.
Tho time ball on the tower of the new Ferry
building was dropped at exactly noon to-day—
t. e.. at noon of the 120th meridian, or at S
o'clock p. m., Greenwich time.
C. G. CALKINS.
Lieutenant Commander, U. S, N., in charge.
XOTE-ln the above exposition of the titles
the early morninfc tides are given In the left
hand column and tho successive tides of the
day In the order of occurrence as to time nf
the day." the third time column the thlni tide
and the last or right hand column gives the
last tide of the day. except when there are but
three tides, as sometimes occurs. The heights
slvon are in addition to sounding on the
United States Coast Survey charts, except
when a minus slpn (— ) precedes the height,
and then the number given Is subtracted from
the depth siven by the charts. The plane of
reference is the mean of the lower low waters.
Sun rises 6:13
Sun sets 5M0
Moon rises';*.. 7:03 p. m.
WEDNESDAY, OCTOBER 10.
NOTE — The high and low waters occur at
the city front (Mission-street wharf) about
twenty-five minutes later than at F.ort Point;
the height of tide Is the same at both places.
Sun, Moon and Tide.
United States Coast and Geodetic Survey —
Times and Heights of Hlfth and Low
Waters at Fort Point, entrance to San
Francisco Bay. Published by official au
thority of the Superintendent.
Amid a roar of hisses and jeers the
voice of Sir Henry was drowned, but he
continued, waving his arms and shouted
inaudible charges against Sir Charles,
who stood up and In equally heated lan
guage absolutely denied Sir Henry's alle
gations and abused his administration.
Half the time Sir Henry was on his feet
endeavoring t6 interrupt, and the extra
ordinary spectacle was presented of the
president and ex-president of a grant rail
road standing before a howling audience,
both of them shouting at once and neither
speaker being audible. It was -only when
several persons stepped forward with the
intention of hustllg Sir Henry Tyler out
of the room that he ceased speaking.
The meeting then, by a large majority,
approved the directors' plan to reorganize
the Chicago Grand Trunk with a guaran
tee of the interest on the bonds. to be is
sued by the new company.
The meeting also gave Sir Charles a
\*ote of thanks. .
During the course of the report the
president urged the shareholders to perr
slat inMmprovtng the line. He added that
the surplus earnings of the Central Ver
mont road would for the present be ap
plied to this purpose. -'< \.
President Wilson expressed the belief
that the Pan-American Exposition at
Buffalo would greatly add to the busi
ness of the road, but he considered it
doubtful if the expenditures of the road.
In view of the labor troubles 1n the United
States, would be reduced during the com
ing year.
There was a scene of great disorder,
and then there arose a cry, "Tyler H
here." In a moment the venerable figure
of ex-President Tyler was seen walking
toward the directors' rostrum. As soon
as Sir Charles Rivers Wilson recovered
his composure he said: "Tyler, stand up.
You have vilified us. Repeat before us all
the charges you have made."
Cheers mingled with groans - reeted Sir
Henry \V. Tyler, who malntairied that the
Chicago Grand Trunk was owned and
controlled by the Canadian Grand Trunk,
and that, therefore, the directors were
making false pretenses when they rep
resented the reorganization as a trans
action between two independent concerns.
Continuing. Sir Henry asserted that the
scheme involved the repudiation by Presi
dent Wilson of the Chicago second mort
gage bonds, which he asserted were cut
down from 5 to 4 per cent. "Be honest!"
shouted Sir Henry Tyler. "Don't repudi
ate them."
LONDON. Oct. 9.— There w: s a sensa
tional Incident at to-day's mecunR of the
stockholders ot the Grand Trunk Railway
of Canada between Sir Charles Rivera
"Wilson, president of the company, and
Sir Henry Tyler, former president. Sir
Charles Wilson. In addressing the meet
ing, detailed the improvements made on
the line, congratulating the shareholder?
on the Increase in revenues, dilated on
the rise in the cost of material and in the
rates of wages, and explained the resolu
tion of the day, which provided for the
reorganization of the Chlcrgo Grand
Trunk by the Canadian company. After
outlining the proposition. Sir Charles said
he had received a letter from Sir Henry
W. Tyler, expressing disapproval of the
reorganization, and asking that the let
ter be read before the meeting. White
•with passion. Sir Charles declared that
the vile language employed by Sir Henry
justified him in putting the letter into the
fire. The president of the road continued
his denunciation of the former president
until the audience arose, crying, "Put it
in the fire," "Burn it," "Shame."
Uproar at the Meeting of
Stockholders and Direc
tors in London.
GRAND TRUNK
LINE IS TO BE
REORGANIZED
wife. Miss Alice C. MInner; Susan, a maid
of all work. MI33 Etta M. Welsh. Scene.
Interior of Sunflower Lodge; time, present
day.
TO ARRIVE,
Steamer Movements.
LIVERPOOL— Arrived Oct S-Stmr Dominion,
from Montreal; stmr Slyvian, from Boston.
Sailed Oct 9-Stmr LakexMegantlc. for Mont
real, via Queenstown; stmr Saxonla, for Bos
ton, via Queenctown.
LIZARD — Passed Oct 9 — Stmr Spaarndam,
from N«w York, for Boulogne and Rotterdam.
KINSALE—Passed Oct 9— Stmr Philadelphia,
from New York, for Liverpool.
KOBE— Arrived Oct 6— Stmr Arab, from Se
attle, for Manila.
LAS PALM AS— Arrived Oct 8— Stmr Seraphls.
from Han Francisco, etc. for Hamburg.
HAVRE— Arrived Oct 9-Stmr St Germain,
from • Now York. .
BREMEN — Arrlv«M Oct 9— Stmr Princess
Irene, from New York.
YOKOHAMA— Sailed Oct 9— Stmr Glenogle.
from Honekong, for Tacoma.
PLYMOUTH— Sailed Oct 9— Stmr Patricia,
from Hamburg:, for New York.
. GIBRALTAR — Sailed Oct 9— Stmr Werra,
from Genoa, for New York.
NEW YORK — Arrived Oct 9 — Stmr Cuflc,
from Liverpool.
Sailed Oct 9— Stmr Belgravia, for Hamburg;
stmr Lahn, for Bremen.
OCEAN STEAMERS.
YOKOHAMA— Sailed Oct 9— Br stmr Gaelic,
for San Francisco.
HAKODATE-Salled Oct 8-Schr Prosper, for
San Francisco.
FOREIGN PORTS.
CALLAO— Sailed Oct »— Ger stmr Isls. for San
LIVERPOOL— Arrived Oct 6— Ger bark Silo,
from Chemalnus.'
SYDNEV— Arrived rrlor to Oct &— Br bark
Aberysthwlth CaFtle, from Eureka: bark Seml-
DELAWARE R-REAKWATER— Arrived Oct
8-Shlp John A Brlggs, from Nagasaki.
Arrived Oct 8 — Stmr Finance, from Colon; Br
NEW TORK-Sailed Oct 8-Stmr Alllanca. for
Colon.
EASTERN PORTS,
Captain Gilmore of: the ship Servla has
Water Front Notes.
The latest warshlD completed by • the
Union Jron Works started for the Santa
Barbara channel yesterday. ..She is to
have her official trial, and it will surely
be a thorough one.
The trial board will consist of Rear Ad
miral Koutz. president; Captain Philip
Cooper, Captain Louis J. Allen. Comman
der Franklin L. Drake. Lieutenant Com
mander Alexander McCrackin and Naval
Constructor Frank W. HIbbs, member
and recorder.
The. board of engineers consists of the
following officers: Captain Louis J. Al
len, president;- Lieutenant Commander
Wythe M. Parks and Lieutenant George
E. Burd: assistants to the board—Lieu
tenantB Solon Arnold, Cleland N. Offley,
John K, Robinson, Emory Winship and
Edwin H. Delaney.
Officers detailed to make the trip are:
Captain George C. Relter, Lieutenant
Commander John '¦ B. Milton, Lieutenants
George W. McElroy. Albert A. Ackerman,
Charles T. Vogelsang. Naval Constructor
Elliot Snow, Gunner Henry B. Saule. Act-
Ing Gunner Joseph F. Daniels, Acting
Carpenter Lewis J. Wariord and Acting
Warrant Machinist George M. Helner.
Captain Relter Is to command the Wis
consin when she goes Into commission
nnd Lieutenant Commander. Milton will
be executive officer.
In order to comply with .the require
ments the Wisconsin must maintain a
speed of sixteen knots for four hours.
H. Olin Cady. Mrs. H. Olln Cady and child,
Mrs. Goodrich and three children. Dr. F. W.
Haker. S. H. Knowles. F. B. Morse. D. Nakva
nln, M. Nltta. L. Rosenthal, Mrs. L. Rosen
tlial and child, R. Skeel, Mrs. R. Skeel, Captain
R. E. Walker, Mrs. K. E. Walker and child,
F. Muhlhausen, O. K. Davis, Lieutenant Dol-
Koroukoff. Rev. F. D. Gamewell, Mrs. F. D.
Gamewell, J. H. Greefkens, K. Kamlo, Rev.
J. A. Miller. Mm. J. A. Miller and three chil
dren, Miss K. L. Ogborn, Commander R. P.
Rogers. U. S. N.J Mrs. K. UshlJIma. Mrs. Van
Namee and child. G. T. Williams, J. D. Vork
and Mrs. J. 13. York.
Battleship Wisconsin Sails.
\V. Godfrey Hunter, Mrs. W. G. Hunter. W.
A. Hunter. Mrs. W. A. Hunter, A.Kosenthal
Mrs. Crayen. Mrs. \V. P. _ Porter, Miss Dor
othy Porter, Amelia Herniandez. William Cra
gen. A. Ahman, Francisco Guevarra, William
Steel, Dr. J. Robe, George \V. Dickenson and
Mrs. G. W. LMekfnson.
W. Godfrey Hunter is the United States
Minister to Guatemala, while George \V.
Dickenson Is United States Consul at Aca
pulco.
The America Maru was placed in quar
antine on her arrival. Late in the even-
Ing her passengers were landed. A list of
them follows:
The Australia brought back the remains
of David Low. He went to the islands to
take a good position, but died on arrival.
He was well known In Honolulu, and his
friends got together and sent his remains
back to San Kranoisco for burial.
On September 2J, when the Australia
was within two days of Honolulu, Joseph
Behn died of heart failure. He was buried
at sea. Kls wife was awaiting him on the
wharf when the steamer reached her dock
at Honolulu.
The Australia brought up seventy bags
of coin, valued, at $149,C81 30.
The Australia will not go back to Ha
waii for some months to come. She will
be overhauled, painted white and put into
the best kind of shape for the inaugural
run of the Oceanic Steamship Company
to Tahiti.
The Pacific Mall Company's San Jose
made a good run up the coast. Her cabin
passengers were:
Jose Reach This Port.,
The Oceanic Steamship Company's Aus
tralia arrived from Honolulu yesterday.
She was delayed off port by a heavy fog,
but made the run In six days twelve
hours. Late In the afternoon the Toyo
Klsen Kalsha's America Maru came* in
from Hongkong via Yokohama and'Hono
lulu and was sent Into quarantine^
Those who came up on the Australia
are:
F. L. Thirkleld and wife, Mrs. Ryle and
daughter. Major GreKg, wife and daughter.
Captain GrelgE and wife, Mrs. G. C. Strate
meyer and three children, E. M. Boyd and wife,
J. CJ. Klnjj;. wife and son, E. K.. Wood and
wife. Colonel W. Macdonald and wife, T. p.
Richards and wife, C. N. Weaver and wife,
Mrs. Fi'Hzer and son, Mrs, Corbett and child,
; Mrs. Simpson and two children. Colonel De La
Vererne and wife, Mrs. Stafford and child, F.
L. Hoosrs, wife and child, Mr. Klnghorn and
wife. Miss H. Lishman, Dr. H. Hayes, W.
Rengaw, B. Tucker, George Rod leek, H. C.
HazebiKC, T. S. Young, K. W. King, B. F.
Cooke J. G. Rothwell, Professor Berger, L. A.
Kostin, C. S. Hail, Miss Twombly. Miss Tap
lin, H. A. Allen, W. Fink, Mrs. H. A. Austin,
William S. Low, L. S. Abraham, A. C. Pauls
mief. R. M. Robertson, J. M. McChesney, I.
Rubenstein, Mies E. - Alleman, Miss L. Alle
man. Miss Porter. Miss K. Bard. Miss Mathew-
Bon. Miss Averdam. Miss Rollins, Mrs. McPher
son. Mrs. S. I. Shaw, Mrs. F. Anderson, Mrs.
P. Anderson, Mrs. C. H.- Dasher, Mrs. S. A.
HerRer, Mrs. K. F. Smith, L. W. Hough, H. T.
Marsh. T. F. Stevenson. Mr. Richmond, W. G.
I Green and W. Kemenaperger.
American Maru, Australia and San
MAIL STEAMERS ABRIVE.
Then there were many vessels bound to
and from the nitrate ports and a blK fleet
that was bound to Europe from Pacific
Coast ports with wheat. Not more
than a dozen of the fleet, how
ever, had masts like the one
seen by the Challenger, which was a
"whole stick." Nearly every Iron or steel
"wind jammer" atloat has a "built" mast.
The chances are, therefore, that the dis
masted craft is a wooden vessel. If the
foremast went by the board; then a por
tion or perhaps all of the mainmast fol
lowed, and the hull .may be now making
its way slowly to some friendly port under
a jury rig. The arrival of the Aryan. St.
James or Bretagne may throw some light
on the subject. All three vessels are now
fully due here.
of the water front people and
also the underwriters. According to the
news sent by Captain Gould of the Chal
lenger, in latitude 40° 41' north, longitude
E9" 33' west, on July 21 a vessel's foremast
was passed.
On July 13 the American ship Aryan,
from New York for San I»rancisco. was in
latitude 56° south, 66 J west, and on June
: ( J the American bark St. James was in
19" south. 3S 3 west.
On July 16 the French bark Bretacrne.
from Antwerp for San Francisco was In
55° 4S' south, 73° 41' west, while the British
ship Crompton, from the same port, was
in IS" south. 3S° west, on June 28.
WHICH of the many vessels bound
for San Francisco has met with
a mishap off - the Horn? Is a
question that is puzzling many
SAILED.
Tuesday, October 9.
Stmr Oeortre Ix>omls, Brldgett, Ventura.
Stmr National City. Dettmors, Fort Bragg.
Stmr CJIpsy, Iceland, Santa Cruz.
Stmr North Fork, McLellan. Eureka.
Stmr Tillumook, Hughes, .
Htmr Despatch. Johnson, .
Stmr Scotia, Walvlir. .
Btalp Emily F Whitney. BrlBman. Honolulu.
Brig Oonsuelo. PnE<\ Mahukona.
Schr Arago, Mclmosh, IJnga.
Schr Pioneer, Mikkelaen, Grays Harbor, in
tow of tuir Columbia.
Schr Western Home. Christiansen. Coos Bay.,
TELEGRAPHIC.
POINT LOBO3. Oct 9, 10 p m— Weather
foggy; wind SW, velocity 8 mlle».
DOMESTIC PORTS. ,
WHATCOM— Sailed Oct 9— Chll bark Altcar.
for Callao. •
KAHL'LUI— Arrived Sept 23-Bark Carrollton,
from Tecoma. ¦%.
PORT BLAKELKY— To sail Oct 10-Bark Ore
gon,. for Delagroa Bay.
HILO— Arrived Sept 25— Bark Roderick Dhu.
hence Se:H 8. . -
HONOLULU — Arrived Sept 25— U S stmr
Thomas, hence Sept 18. Sept 2G— Br stmr Mio
wera, from Sydney. 27— Bktn Skaglt, from Port
Gamble." Sept 2S— Ship Fort George, from Oys
ter Harbor. Sept 29— Jap stmr Nippon Maru.
hence Sept 22: Br stmr Warrlmoo. from Vic
toria; bark Olympic, hence Sept 11; brig W O
Irwin, hence Sept 15. Sept 30— Bktn VV H Di
mond, hence Sept 14; Nor bark Stjorn. from
Newcastle, Aus. Oct 1— Br ship Clan Mac
pherson. from Newcastle, Aus. Oct 2 — Jap
htmr -America Mam, from Yokohama; ship off
port. .
Sailed Sent 26— Br stmr Miowera. for Vic
toria. Sept 27— Ship Florence, for Port Town
send; ship John Currier, for Seattle. Sept 2S—
US stmr Thomas, for Manila. Sept 29— Jap
«mr Nippon Maru, for Yokohama; Br stmr
Warrlmoo, for Sydney: schr Wm Olsen, for
Port Townsend. Sept 30— Schr Aloha, for San
Francisco: bktn Archer, for San Francisco.
America Maru sails Oct 3. In the forenoon.
1VERSENS LANDING— Sailed Oct 9-6chr J
Eptiinger, for San Francisco.
PORT TOWNSEND— Passed up Oet 9— Bark
Prussia, hence Sept 21, for Port Blakeley.
' Arrived Oct 9— Schr Alice Cooke, from Hono
lulu. > :
TILLAMOOK-Sailed Oct 9— Stmr W H Kru
cer, for San Francisco.
NOME— To sail Oct 9— Stmr Valencia, for San
Francisco. - -. .
NEWPORT— Sailed Oct 9— Schr Sparrow, for
Eureka. •
Arrived Oct 9— Stmr Westport. from Eureka.
PORT HARFORD— Sailed Oct 9— Schr Mel
ancthon, for South Bend.
"BOW ENS LANDING— Arrived Oct 9— Schr
Rio Rey, hence Oct 6.
PORT LUDLOW—Sailed Oct 9— Schr Okano
gan. for Port Gamble.
EUREKA— Sailed Oct 9— Stmr . South Coaat.
for San Francisco. - .
ASTORIA— Arrived Oct 8— Bktn Arago,,from
Santa Rosalia. - ¦ ;'¦ '¦ .-
FORT BRAGG— Sailed Oct 9— Stmrs Noyo and
Sequoia, for San ¦ Franclscd.'
TORT - LOS ANGELES— Sailed Oct ¦ 9— Stmr
Alcatrai. for San - Francisco.
Jap'ftmr America Maru, Going. 27 days 1
hour from Hongkong, via Yokohama 16 days
1"K hours, via. Honolulu 6 days 3U hours.
Schr Charles R Wilson, Johnson, 6 days from
Grays Harbor.
CLEARED. :
Tuesday, October 9.
Stmr City of Sydnev. McLean, Panama, etc;
PTU S S Co.
Stmr North' Fork. Mc_ ellan. Eureka; Chas
Nelson.
Stmr Coos Bay, Nopander, San Pedro; Good
all. Perkins & Co.
Stmr State of California, Thomas, Astoria;
Goodall. Perkins & Co.
Br stmr Victoria, Blakey. Chemalnus; R
Departure of Panama Steamer.
The steamer City of Sydney sailed yesterday
for New York via Panama with a general car
go valued at $10S,oSI, manifested as follows:
For Central America. $37,900; for Panama,
$3f'WS- for South America. $10°°: f° r New York, '
566.590. The following were the principal ship
ments:
For Central America— 2 cyls ammonia, 2 cs
assay goods, S70 reels barbed wire, 775 gals
bottled beer. 56 cs canned goods, 25 cs candles.
426 ca coal oil, 40 bbl» cement.' 10 cs dried
fruit. £19 C8 dry poods, &0 tins bread, 65 bxs
fruit, 3474 bbls flour; 176 pkgs groceries and
provisions, OS cs hardware, 135 kegs lead. 1500
feet lumber. 30GO lbs lard. 18 pkgs machinery,
:•(<>>< lbB malt. 1144 lbs meals. 18 keRS nails. 72
bbls oil, 670 crs potatoes, 14 cs 55 kegs paint,
17 cs paste, 6 cs photo goods, 31 crs onions,
32,108 lbs rice. 26 bbls resin. 9 pkgs raisins, 12
cs eplces, 10 kegs staples, 10 tons pa It, fiS bbls
tar. 40 pkgs tea. 7. cs turpentine, 43,018 lbs tal
low, 3 cs- varnish. 146 cs 4 bbls whisky, 35 era
wagon material, 2277 gals wine.
. Fcr Panama— 450 bbls Hour. 13 rolls leather,
f.S3 lbs rice. 342 lbs rolled oats, 4 chests tea, 25
cs books, 10 cs soap, 5 cs Chinese merchandise.
In transit for Panama— 88 ce silk, valued at
$3000. ¦
For Callao, Peru— 56 bbls dried shrimps.
For New York— 205.S31 gals wine, 7080 gals
brandy, 1999 ctls barley, 21 cs lamp goods. 5S0
rks bark, 35 cs rubber boots and shoes, 123,550
lbs tin. _
Shipping Intelligence.
ARRIVED.
; , - " Tuesday, October 9.
Stmr Australia, Lawless, CVi days from Hono
lulu.
Stmr Ralner. Hansen, S2 hours from New
Whatcom.
Stmr San Jose, Cattarlnlch, 20 days from Pa
nama and way ports.
Stmr Navarro, Jensen, 18 hours from West
port.
Stmr City of Pu*bla, Jepsen, 59 hours from
Victoria and Puget Sound ports.
Stmr Alex Duncan, Uuthrte. 5 hours from
Matters of Interest to Mariners and
Shipping- Merchants.
The Emma Claudina loads redwood, at
Eureka for Honolulu.
An Additional Manifest.
In addition to cargo previously reported, the
steamer Curacao, which sailed Sunday for
Mexico, carried the following merchandise,
valued at $1S,O45:
4 cs arms and ammunition. 3 cs ammonia. 10
carboys acid, 15 cs beer, 3378 lbs beans, 31C3
lbs coffee, 3S os canned Roods, 9 brtls cordage,
2871 lbs chocolate, 10S cs dry goods, 50 cs
drugs, 1&3 cs furniture. 124 cs fruit, 1124 pkgs
groceries and provisions, 577 bbls Hour. 259 pkgs
produce, 15 pkss; electrical poods. 8 ch glass
ware, 376 pkjrs hardware, 93,616 feet lumber, 150
pkKs machinery, 30 crs onions, 12 cs paint, 40
cs paste, 12.» crs potatoes, 5100 lbs rice, IS bills
Iron, 12 kegs nails. 5 cs mineral water. 37 ca
paint, 350 cs paste, 105 flasks quicksilver. 2J.
759 lbs sugar. 2G5 bdls snooks, 11 cs whisky.
SO cs salmon, C2S8 lbs gait, 6 chests tea, 355 b.\B
vegetables, 2110 gals 121 cs wine.
NEWS OF THE OCEAN.
resigned and Captain Nelson of the Co
lumbia takes his place.
Captain English of the British ship
Glencaird says he has secured a first-class
crew and will leave for England this
morning. . His vessel is one and a half
Inches below the Pllm&oll mark, and this
leaves him liable to a fine of $500 and three
months 1 imprisonment on his arrival at
any English port.
The steam chime whistle on the San
Francisco lightship No. 70 Is now In work
ing order again.
AMERICAN feHIP CHALLENGER. ON HER WAY TO HONOLULU FROM NEW YORK, AS SHE WAS PASSING A
FLOATING MAST, SOME GRIM REMINDER OF A DISASTER AT SEA.
Directions— Write with ink on white paper and on only one side of each sheet.
The name and address of the candidate should be distinctly written at the top
of each shret of examination paper. Candidates writing upon more than one
course should mail their examinations In separate packages. Mall the sheets
without rolling and with as little folding as possible. See that postage is fully
prepaid.
The names of successful candidates will be arranged in three groups according
to order of merit, as follows: (1) Excellent. (2) rood. (3) fair.
ICote— In this paper only four questions
are to be answered In all, one of which,
however, must be No. S. Only such an
swers are expected as can be framed from
a study of the lessons in the courses of
the Home Study Circle.
1. (a) Write a brief explanatory account
of the National Gallery. London. (b)
Write brief notes of the three picture* in
the National Gallery from which Mr.
Rlordan's description strike you as being
the most important, or those that you
would best like .to see.
2. Give an account of (a) the Louvre. (b>
the Luxembourg, as general museums of
art.
3. Write brief notes on the following
famous paintings to be found In the
Louvre:
(a) "The Wedding Feast at Cana," by
Paul Veronese.
(b) "La Gloconda." by Leonardo da
Vinci.
(c) "The Immaculate Conception of the
Virgin." by Murillo.
4. Write brief accounts of (a) Florence,
(b) Rome, (c) Venice, as art cities. In
particular describe the more famou3
works of art for which each city Is es
pecially famous.
h. Write a brief descriptive account of
Dutch art. In particular emphasize the
work of Rembrandt and Franz Hals.
6. (a) Write brief descriptions of the art
of Murlllo and Velasquez and give some
account of the influence which the art or
these great painters has had upon the art
of the world, (b) Write brief notes on
the pictures of Murlllo and Velasquez that
you think the most noted or the most Im
portant and Interesting.
7. Give on enumeration of the- principal
art Ballerles of Germany and specify in
details the artists anu paintings for which
these principal galleries are respectively
most noted.
8. (a) Enumerate the principal public
art galleries of the United States and give
some account of the more famous master
pieces which these galleries respectively
possess, (b) Give a list of American art
ists whom you think to be of greatest
importance and mention the more famous
of their pictures which are to be found In
our public galleries, specifying In which
galleries they are to be found.
These examinations are open to all students of one or more of the
courses. Candidates will have three weeks in which to prepare their answers.
Certificates will be granted in each course to students whose examination
papers meet the approval of a committee of examiners. .Mail all papers to
The Home Study Circle, The San Francisco Call. Mark all papers "'Exami
nation " '¦'¦• ' -
Copyright, 1QOO, by Seymour Eaton.
EXAMINATIONS.
THE CALL'S
HOME STUDY CIRCLE
FAMOUS ART GALLERIES OF THE WORLD.
TIIE SAN FRANGISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, OCTOBER 10, 1900.
Some Sailing Vessel
Has Been Dis
masted Near
the Cape.
PROBABLE DISASTER OFF THE HORN
GIVES RISE TO NUMEROUS QUERIES
7
Steamer. Destination. Sails. I Pier.
Argo Coquille R.... Oct. 10, I
Rival Wlllapa.. Oct. 10,
Coptic China & Japan Oct. lo, lpm fMSd
State Cal.. Portland Oct. 10. 11am Pier 2i
Coos Bay... Newport Oct. 10, » am Pier 11
Pomona ... Humboldt Oct. 10, 2 pra PJer 9
Corona .... San Diego Oct. 12, 11 am Pier 11
Rainier .... Seattle!.. 1 ? Oct. 12 Pier 13
City Puebla Victoria Oct. 1*. 11 am Pier 9
Empire Coos Bay Oct. 13, 10 am Pier 13
Eureka .... Humboldt Oct. 13. 10 am Pier 13
Czarina ...Seattle Oct. 14, 5 pm Pier 8
Bonlta Newport Oct. 14. 11 am Pier 24
Columbia .. Portland Oct. 15, 11 am Pier 21
Pt. Arena.. Point Arena.. Oct. 15. 2 pm Pier 2
Santa Rosa fan 1T>Ipbo Oct. 16. 11 am Pier 11
Arcata ....[Coos Bay.. ....[Oct. 16, 12 m Pier 13
Steamer.
From.
I Due.
<"oron« iSan DleifO jOct. li)
Point Arena ...IPoInt Arena [Oct. 11
Eureka Humboldt Oct. 11
Empire Coos Bay Oct. 11
Czarina Seattle Oct. 12
Ronlta Newport Oct. 12
Matteawan Tacoma Oct. 12
Mackinaw Seattle Oct. 12
Willamette ....Seattle Oct. 13
Pomona Humboldt Oct. 13
SfintH Rosa San Diego Oct. U
Walla Walla .. Victoria Oct. 14
Del Norto ...... Portland Oct. 14
Progreso Tacoma Oct. 14
Arcata 'Coos Bay Oct.H
Grace Dollar... Grays Harbor Oct. 14
Crescent City... Crescent City Oct. 13
North Fork Humboldt Oct. 15
City of Peking China and Japan... Oct. 16
Coos Bay ...... Newport Oct. lfi
State California Portland Oct. 17
D Time) Time Time Time
» 1 Ft. Ft. Ft. Ft.
a HW ' li W" H W L. W
10... 0:481/4.9 5:42 2.3 12:03 6.0 6:45-0.4
U ... 1:4& 4.fi 6:27 2.7 12:43 G.9 7:40—0.4
12... 2:50 4.5 7:15 2.9 1:30 5.8 8:40 —0.2
IS ... 3:57 4.8 8:17 3.3 2:25 5.3 9:45 0.1
14 ... 5:04 4.3 9:33 3.3 3:31 5.1 10:710! 0 3
15 ... 6:(W| 4.5111:11 3.2 4M7K4.8I 11:311 0.6
16 ... 7:C0j 4.'| 12:32 3.1| 6:06| 4.5| |
D Time) Time Time Time
» 1 Ft. Ft. Ft. Ft.
a HW ' li W" H W L. W
10... 0:481/4.9 5:42 2.3 12:03 6.0 6:45-0.4
U ... 1:4& 4.fi 6:27 2.7 12:43 G.9 7:40—0.4
12... 2:50 4.5 7:15 2.9 1:30 5.8 8:40 —0.2
IS ... 3:57 4.8 8:17 3.3 2:25 5.3 9:45 0.1
14 ... 5:04 4.3 9:33 3.3 3:31 5.1 10:710! 0 3
15 ... 6:(W| 4.5111:11 3.2 4M7K4.8I 11:311 0.6
16 ... 7:C0j 4.'| 12:32 3.1| 6:06| 4.5| |
Steamer. Destination. Sails. I Pier.
Argo Coquille R.... Oct. 10, I
Rival Wlllapa.. Oct. 10,
Coptic China & Japan Oct. lo, lpm fMSd
State Cal.. Portland Oct. 10. 11am Pier 2i
Coos Bay... Newport Oct. 10, » am Pier 11
Pomona ... Humboldt Oct. 10, 2 pra PJer 9
Corona .... San Diego Oct. 12, 11 am Pier 11
Rainier .... Seattle!.. 1 ? Oct. 12 Pier 13
City Puebla Victoria Oct. 1*. 11 am Pier 9
Empire Coos Bay Oct. 13, 10 am Pier 13
Eureka .... Humboldt Oct. 13. 10 am Pier 13
Czarina ...Seattle Oct. 14, 5 pm Pier 8
Bonlta Newport Oct. 14. 11 am Pier 24
Columbia .. Portland Oct. 15, 11 am Pier 21
Pt. Arena.. Point Arena.. Oct. 15. 2 pm Pier 2
Santa Rosa fan 1T>Ipbo Oct. 16. 11 am Pier 11
Arcata ....[Coos Bay.. ....[Oct. 16, 12 m Pier 13
Steamer.
From.
I Due.
<"oron« iSan DleifO jOct. li)
Point Arena ...IPoInt Arena [Oct. 11
Eureka Humboldt Oct. 11
Empire Coos Bay Oct. 11
Czarina Seattle Oct. 12
Ronlta Newport Oct. 12
Matteawan Tacoma Oct. 12
Mackinaw Seattle Oct. 12
Willamette ....Seattle Oct. 13
Pomona Humboldt Oct. 13
SfintH Rosa San Diego Oct. U
Walla Walla .. Victoria Oct. 14
Del Norto ...... Portland Oct. 14
Progreso Tacoma Oct. 14
Arcata 'Coos Bay Oct.H
Grace Dollar... Grays Harbor Oct. 14
Crescent City... Crescent City Oct. 13
North Fork Humboldt Oct. 15
City of Peking China and Japan... Oct. 16
Coos Bay ...... Newport Oct. lfi
State California Portland Oct. 17
ADVERTISEMENTS.
DR.PIERCES
GO_8)Eft
MEDICAL
DISCOVERY
FOR THE
BLOOD. LIVER. LUftiGS.
E_9r i HN_i_ case °* eczema
Price 25 cents. All druggists, or sent post
paid on receipt of price. DR. PAUL. DE
FORD. 175 N. Spring St.. Los Angeles. Cal.
A restorer of the Vital Forces. Vln Marian!
Is a perfectly safe and reliable diffusible tonic
and stimulant; It gives strength and vigor to
bod", brain and nerves; It fortifies against dis-
ease; it nourishes, sustains and refreshes the
entire system.
All Druggists. Refuse Substitutes.
MARIANI WINE-WORLD FAMOUS TONIC
VIN MARIANI
• DOUBT! g
a YHERE should be no such word 55>
p I as " Doubt" on the lips or in J^
¦ the heart of any honest man or 5?
• woman as to the efficacy of WAR- ©C[
B NER*S SAFE CURE for the cure «C
J of any and all diseases of the
g Kidneys, Liver and Bladder. ?jp»
-^a Kindly keep in mind these few
facts which, in a word, embrace S^
jji our claims: b£
Warner's Safe Cure SE
Is time-tried and world-tested. Si
Is guaranteed to do as represented. lSJ^
Is made on honor. Her
<^L| Cures when doctors fail.
K: JB Cures before doctors fall. Sr
«^Jl Cures permanently. S^
t — b^ Stands on its record. »3tf
7^ CIVE IT A CHANCE TO CURE YOU. dQU
g '^y— _ Oi^^'ee fcimpit ol \V»mi«t « Safe Cure »»nl on ip-jticaf.on «B^^
~^^—0 ' kilr*** w*fcs»R k Safi Cure Co.. Roche>i<r. N Y. **q
WARNER'S REMEDIES!
I Prepare for j
7? I^ft V>>^— __^*^ M mm mm Bill 9 »
CHEAP, BUT GOOD!
>> LADIES* BOX CALF LACE SHOES.
>> coin toes and tips and medium heavy
s> soles. Will keep the feet dry. Re-
tt duced to S1..1O a pair. Sizes I to 8, <
ty widths C to __. <
« / - ll
1 Mk Ik lAfllK 1 I
RUBBERS 15c
« LADIES' STORM RUBBERS, email \
U sizes. *^4. 3 and 3^4. Reduced from 50c !
>| to 15c a pair..* J;||
\\ MEN'S GENUINE ALASKA SEAL !j
« CONGRESS OR LACE SHOES, guar- I'
Z< an teed waterproof, only $3.OO a patr. <
ii Cork aoles. 50c extra. J
B. KATCHINSKI,
| PHILADELPHIA SHOE CO. I
<A 10 Third St.. San Francisco. >
d____re^'*'***SAM_ SHAPE -^^^1^1
|HHL ' two guauties J^^^ra
H_ra *" *^*>*__ -i -<^ _£_¦_¦
k?Ss22 ' ' " -1 " 1 1 . StJH
H_B^_ W"' Kgr^*
K^^^^^a^^^KBt^&PC^VWtflS^^r^^P^^^TV^WH
AMUSEMENTS.
MATINEE TO-DAY, WEDNESDAY, OCT. 10.
Parquet, ~->c. any seat; Balcony, 10c; Chil-
dren. Me any part except reserved.
NOTHING BUT JEADLINERS !
CAMILLE D'ARVILLE ! |
TOM HAWN AND COMPANY.
EODIE 6IH4RD — AND — JESSIE GARDNER
THE GREAT EVERHART,
WILLIS TROUPE.
THREE rOIIUERS. PELLE DAVIS. !
1HE AMERICAN BIOGRAPH,
Sho«infi a
P norama of the Wrecked City
of Galveston
to-night: to-nigut: to-night t
"RIGOLETTO."
Thursday, Sunday Evenings. Saturday Matinee.
"THE JEWESS."
rniDAY AXD SATURDAY NIGHTS.
• ISA.* 1 tr.U OFjr>_Vl_L_." \
>¦• x- Monday. Wrdi Birthday Celebratlen j
N*t=ht:
BTOCfA— ENGAGEMENT OF
&IGNU.<lNA CO-L/V\ARIM
In "Carmen. *•
rOPVLAR PRICES— IP AKD 50 CENTS.
Telephone— Bush 9.
>_t> V -* <_xLf M ___5i_?^_ *XEAT_»
/
ALL. THIS AND NEXT WEEK.
MATINEE SATURDAY.
F. C. WHITNEY and EDWIN KN'OWLES 1
ODIPINAI and All Imrosinc
vFlvi\JIlii-\l_ New York Production 0 J
Urama?iz«?d by Stanislaus Stange.
Etac<?d by Max Freeman.
Music by Julian Edwards.
1 OO -PEOPLE— JOO: O-GKEAT ACTS— «!
J»RICES5 (ISO, fl, TSc. Slic. 25e
__M_MU_!___i
ALF. _LLTN<!HOrf-E. rrop. and Mgr.
Phone South 770.
EVERT EVENING THIS WEEK
MATINEE SATCRDAT
THE RECORD-EREAKEP.!
HOYTrS V«rr Be*t Effort
A Texas Steer!
AN ALL-FTAR COMPANY!
From Hoyt's Mad!?on-f=quare. Theater, N. Y.
NEXT SUNDAY AFTERNOON
THE MAN FROM MEXICO.
"Take Off That HatV
POPULAR PRICES:
Evenings ISc, 25e, 30c. 55c and 75c.
Matinee ISc. 25c. 2»c and 50c.
LAST WEEK.
WE UNS OF*
TENNESSEE
MATINEE SATURDAY AND SUNDAY.
PEATS NOW READY FOR XEXT WEEK.
'THE CQRSIC AN BROTHERS ."
CHUTES AND ZOO.^^r*
SCENES OK TIIE GREAT GALVESTON
l>If? ASTER.
THc CONGC_ FAMILY,
To-MDp.ROW NIGirr-THE AMATEURS
AJCD _AIMES - OliSTAHMS RACE.
NEW FEATURES.
Tcl<?j;liotif> for Seats, Park 23. * ¦».
FIQPHFR*Q CONCERT HOUSE.
*li<-* Rtymonl John Kurkam^. Lillian
J.-a.!»-tte. Mae Tur.lEon, Eudora rordo, Oacar
_!enan. Rnlx»rt F.lllf. Aotonlo Varcaa. Harold
l;aj-!<rrd «nd New M.ivtne Pictures.
Reserved n«-»tn. Jic;' Matinee Sunday.
SUTRO BnTHS.
OPEN NIGHTS. '
Or*n r»c:!y From 7 a. m. to II p. m.
nathir.* Kroni J a. m. to II p. m.
ADMISSION, l&c. CHILDREN. 5c.
F--'h;i.ic. including wdrniyyio:i. ;.>: children. tOc.
IA/. T. HESS,
lOTARY PUJilJ JUO ATT0RH£r-AP-Ll».
1 Tenth Floor. Room I0_. Ciau« Spreckels Bldg.
Telephone Brown 951.
lic-Mdence. £21 California st., below Powell.
tan Francisco.
AMUSEMENTS. *
GPAND OPERA HOUSE
MATIXKES SATURDAY AXD SUNDAY. }
TKE _?©i^WB
NEW™ «?&ii«i«W M_M_, ¥ PANY
ONLY THIS WEEK!
The New York Comedy Success,
Next week-THE ENSIGN.
EVENINU PRICES— HK», 1 ."><•. U.-p. 5Oc.
A F>w Front Hows in Orchestra 75o.
MATINEE PRICES- Kir. loo. _3o. .'»Oc.
No Higher
Branch Ticket Oftlce— Emporium.
I Economy and Health §
in the us: of a
I "Ko=Nut"
A Pure Sttrilized Cocoanut Fat- i
: Never gets rancii. ¦
Twice the shortening pow;r of j
lard. £
I For Shortening and I
Frying. §
Superseding tuttcr, lard anJ B
compounds. a
Try It. 1
I Ask your Grccrr, or write. |j
India Refining Co., 1
Philadelphia. p
s
§VIM, VICOR. VITALITY for MEN
MORMON BISHOPS PILLS
l-.ave been In use over fifty
years by the leaders of the
Mormon Church and their fol-
lowers. Positively cures the
worst oases In old -and young
arising from effects of eelf-
abuse. <5i*slrintion, excesses or
cigarette-smoklnK. Cures Lost
Manhood. Impotency, Lost
Power. NlBht Ixwses. Insom-
nia. I'alns in Back. Evil L*?slres. "Uime Hack.
Nervous Debility, Headache. L'nfitness to Mar-
ry, Loss of Semen, mm _^ Varlcocele or Con-
fct!j<_tlon. Stops Ne *^J SB rvous Twitching
of Eyelids. Effects JTtr_nr_ a r • Immediate.
Impart vigor and CE " * S'potency to every
function. Don't eet despondent; a cure Is at
hand. Restores email, undeveloped orKans.
Stimulates the brain and nerve centers; 50c a
box; S for $2 SO by mail. A written guarantee to
cure or money refunded with 6 boxen. Circulars
fref. Address BISHOP REMEDT CO.. 40 Ellis.
6t., Ean Francisco, Cal.. GltANT DRUG CO.,
38 and 40 Third et.
35 Be3i • *P"Q| jE§ s>& _•_ *^_Bb
S _^^""Tr _«>S___fl___rT___P'^^_"_^__ f* £___9
B B _ N_ G2_i G_ B_l 8 I ___!
gvisi* OR- JORDAN'S orcatj »
OF ANATOMYi
§ (]ft _a_U_-lCT._t.£_!:7-.S.r.C_, |
_ Sr ? h * Lanrrtt Anatomical Mutenm in tbe
9 -Jj'Wj_ V'oi*.d. V* atuntn or aiy contracted <
«? 7**' P*tf d-wi«e p«"»lil«rlyeu™»a My the oldest
V St" \A\ fc J*«*'— ¦»•«!»»¦¦ Cent Eit.36y_l* ' i
t C_3£§ Oft. ..'CMM-PRIVATE OlSEASES ,
\ rW*«Sj§ ,t-o:>«u!!Mk*> fr»<? »nd crrittly privi:-
W r rfyrlti Irtl!TTlrn ' P'rionnliy nr hy letter. Aj
\ B if n _ ''"* ''"«"> every _»e undertaken. '
_ r if lifr Wt: »'f<»f D*>v.pniL.osor_v»ti
I! I!'- '"* * nl *IA«iK. U«|UD FA— B. IA'
A {) {], ' valui^le book for _rnf
"n^ionPAXACO,. 100I Alarfcet St-.S. F. '
§T\ ' /VYEIH
w® <2Z&& LOST VICOR
rtJSg* RESTORED! ,
fifp^ DR.CO0PER&C3.,
HHa l\_? 318 K «»™r strwt.
Ran Francisco. Cal.
ff_— _. C iV£!?J_ rrER ' 8 ENGLISH /
Pennyroyal pills
ft
I V> & l^^BrfiJ> rlI t r "]? nl '. T «-««-»*«-«
«_-_ «_ _L_ff£5__. a ft:
DR. CROSSIVIAN'S
SPECIFIC MIXTURE
For the Core o? Gonorrhoen. Gleets.
Strictures and analogous complaints
of ths OrOann of ticnerntlon.
price SI a bottle. Kor sal* by druggist*.
Iwfly Gall HI winr
!ir^___3__i|
I £j>£-Bftr injection. I
ij A PERMANENT CURE ;!
! i of the most obstinate cases of Gonorrtu»» «|
I ' and Gleet, jparantwl 1b from 3 — 6 <
i J days ; no other treatment required. >
i ; Sold by all drngsista. ' >LIVERPOOL Oct. 9.— Wheat, steady; No. 1
standard California, 6s 6V4d<B6s 7d; wheat In
Paris., dull; flour In Paris, dull; French coun
try markets, quiet; weather ' In England," fine
LONDON. Oct. 9.— Consols. 98 9-16£9S?i: sil
ver, 29%d-.- French rentes. ioof 2V4c; wheat
cargoes on passage, nominal, unchanged; Walla
Walla. 30s 6d: English country markets; quiet.
Foreign Markets.
There are now 2,500,000 bashels of wheat in
the Tacoma elevators, with little prospect of
early shipments, as vessels are scarce.
TACOMA, Oct. 9— WHEAT— He lower; Blue
Stem. 57V4c; Club, 54^4c; both for export. :
WASHINGTON.
OREGON
PORTLAND. Oct. 9.— WHEAT-Steady but
Inactive; Walla Walla, 55c; Blue Stem, 58c;
Valley, 614T£2c for milling.
Northern Wheat Market.
Portland's Business.
PORTLAND, Oct. 9.— Clearings. $509,179; bal
ance.", $102,590.
NEW YORK, Oct. 9.— The cotton market
started steady in tone, with prices ; 2 points
higher Ho 4 points lower. Some holders took
profits In the last hour, under which selling the
market went oft to about the opening' figures
and closed steady, with August 4 points lower
a.nd other months unchanged to 3 points higher.
New York Cotton Market.
LONDON. Oct. 9.— There was a large attend
ance at the opening . to-day of the wool auc
tion sales. The number of bales offered was
11.G71 and included a good selection. The de
mand was chiefly by the home trade, the Con
tinental representation being eager to operate.
Fine cross-breds were 10@15, coarse par to 5,
Cape of Good Hope and Natal scoureds 10 and
greasies 1G per cent below the July figures.
The net amount off bales available for this
series is 866,321. '" pT
London Wo I (Market.
Australian, scoured basis, spot prices — Comb
ing superfine, nominal, 82i@S5c; good, 7Srfi80c;
average, 70@73c.
Territory, scoured basis — Montana and Wyo
ming, ilne medium and fine scoured, 47:}MSc;
staple. 50c: Utah fine medium and fine, 16@17c;
scoured, 47(9' 4Sc; staple, f.0c: Idaho fine medium
and fine. liQlGc; scoured, 47@48c; staple, 60c.
BOSTON, Oct. 9.— There was an Increase of
pales In the wool market here this week, but
the demands were made to meet only the
pressing needs of manufacturers. Pricet are
eoftpnlng and buyers have been able In some
instances to secure prices less than the first
quotations asked. Quotations:
Boston Wool Market.
SHEEP— Receipts, 15,000; sheep, steady to
strong; lambs, steady; good to choice wethers,
$3 8O®4; fair to choice mixed, J3 40@3 80; West
ern sheep, $3 SO® 4; Texas sheep, $2 SO03 DO;
native lambs, $4 25Q'5 40; Western lambs," Ilia
@:> 30. .
HOGS— Receipts to-day, 24,000; to-morrow,
32,000; left over, 3500; average, 5c lower; top,
$5 40; mixed and butchers, $4 95@-5 40; good to
choice heavy, $4 95iSJ5 37%; rough heavy, $1 SOffj
4 90; light, Jl 90S5 40; bulk of sales, $5 10@5 30.
CHICAGO, Oct. 9.— CATTLE— Receipts, 4000,
including 500 Westerns and 500 Texans; native
steers, about steady: butchers' stock, steady;
Westerns, strong; Texans, strong, shade higher.
Natives— Good to prime steers, $5 50@6; poor
to medium, $4 50@5 43; selected feeders, slow,
$3 75®4 50; mixed stockers. weak. $2 50@3 65:
cowb, $2 65g4 25; heifers, $2 75<g4 60; canners,
$2© 2 rn : bulls, $2 20® 4 40; calves, $4©6 10. Tex
ans— 1- i-d Bteers, $4 25@4 90; grass steers, $3 40®
4 15; bulls. $2 50©3 25.
Chicago Livestock Market.
NETV TORK, Oct. 9.— Earl Fruit Company
sales of California fruit: Grapes— Tokay, 75c@
$1 30 single crates; do, clusters, $1 20©l 65.
Prunes— Italian, 45@S0c single crates.
Porter Brothers Company sales: Grapes — To
kay, $3 75@3 85 double, S0c@$2 20 single crates;
do, clusters, $1 O5Q2 23; do, assorted, 73cg$l 75; [
Morocco, Jl@l 70; Cornichon, Jl@l 43; Muscat,
70c(J$l. Pears — Cornice. $2 50S2 6G box and $1 65
©1 SO half box; Beurre Clairgeau, %2 40 box;
Glout Morceau, $1 95@2 30; Eastern Beurre,
|l 75; Winter Nellis, U 10£l 25; Vicar, $1 20;
Lawrence, $1 12; Bartlett, S5c box and 50® 60c
half box. Peaches— Salway. 25@53c per box, 60
(g6oc In patent fillers; George's Late, 45<t}90c
box and 75@85c in patent tillers; Levl Cling,
40@70c box. Plums— Coe's Late Red, 60c. Nine
: cars of fruit sold' to-day.
CHICAGO, Oct. 9.— Earl Fruit Company sales
of California fruit: Grapes— Tokays, 70c<g$l 45
single crates, $2 05®2 65 double crates; Clus
ters, $1 45<S1 50. Prunes— Italians, 40@65c sin
gle crates. Twelve cars fruit sold to-day.
BOSTON, Oct. 9.— The Earl Fruit Company
auctioned California fruit to-day and realized
the following prices: Grapes— Tokay, single
crates, SO@fl 35, average $1 02; do, double
crates $2@3 10. average $2 43. Prunes-Italian,
single crates, 55@70c, average 62c. Six cars sold
to-day. Weather hot.
PHILADELPHIA. Oct. 9.— The Earl Fruit
Company's sales of California fruit to-day are
as follows: Grapes— Emperor, single crates,
average $1; Tokay, single crates, 80c@$l 5o,
average $1 14. Prunes — Italian, single crates,
60<3SOc. average G7c. Weather hot. Three cars
sold to-day.
PITTSBURG, Oct. 9.— The Earl Fruit Com
pany sold California fruit at auction to-day
and realized the following prices: Grapes,
Cornichon. single crates, average 65c: Cluster.
I single crates, average 85c: Tokay, single crates,
! 25c(Stl 10, average 80c. Prunes— Italian, single
crates, 40 l @SOc, average 64c. Three cars sold
to-day.
Nevada — Fair Wednesday.
I "tail— Fair and wnrtner Wednesday.
Arizona — Fair Wednesday.
Fan Francisco and vicinity— Fair Wednesday;
MjTbt northwest wind. G. H. WILLSON.
Local Forecast official.
Northern California — Fair Wednesday, except
jHi-tly cloudy along the northern coast; fre»h
wt-st wind.
Southern California— Fair Wednesday; light
west wind.
The weather Is cloudy and threatening along
the roast from Eureka northward and over
¦\Y8FhiiJgtnn; elsewhere It In generally clear.
Light rain has fallen in Western Washington.
ltrecast made at San Francisco for thirty
hour* ending midnight, October 10, 1300.
The U-mperiture has fallen generally along
the immediate coast from San Franclsoo north
ward arid risen over the Interior of the Pacific
Hlope.
The pressure has fallen over the Pacific
Si<ipe. There is an area of low pressure over
V i.-.ana and the British possessions, while
f«»rb!e area* of high pressure .are central oft
the Washington coast and over the Rocky
Mountain region.
SAN FRANCISCO. Oct. 9, S p. m.
The following maximum temperatures were
reported from stations in California to-day:
K'lreka J>4'l>os Angeles S4
Mount Tamalpals... 7S Sacramento ££
Independence ~% San L>ul» Oblspo DO
He<l H'.uff s«;San Diego....- 66
Fresno 'M)
Han Francisco data— Maximum temperature,
f~: minimum, E7; mean. 70.
"WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL.
C20th Meridian— Parlflr Time.)
Weather Report.
The following figures show the amounts Jue
the United States from Pacific railroads en
account of bonds issued in aid of their con
struction; Central branch Union Pacific, $3,747,-
S5K: Sioux City and Pacific. $4.193.M9; total,
f7.Ml.90u. The Government has been reim
bursed for 527.236.f-12 principal, and $31,211,711
interest, being the total Indebtedness of the
Union Pacific Railroad Company to November
1. 1*37. and for the principal of the Kansas
Pacific Indebtedness, amounting to $6,303,000.
The unpaid balance of the total Indebtedners
r.t the Ontral Pacific and Western Paclie
Railroad comnanlpf? to the United States, under
**ttlement. apr^eni'-nt of February 1. 1*99,
amount* to $44. 109.53C and accrued Interest, less
trantijortation earnings.
Th<» following Is a statement of the public
d^bt tnd of the cash In the Treasury of th*
raited State? at the close of business, Septem-
Iwr 30, received yesterday from Secretary
Oage: Interest bearing debt. J1.O01, 499.260; debt
on which interest has c»awl since maturity.
J.').51C.2;0; debt bearing no interest, $3S7,246,0C3;
certificates and Treasury notes, offset by *n
«*.iual amount of cash in the Treasury. J734.."J3.
<77S: aggregate of debt. $2.12S.S7S.22S. Compared
with the statement Issued August 31. the fig
ures fhow an increase of certificates an-J
Treasury note* amounting to $1.3S7,CO0, and an
increase in the aggregate debt of Sl.T^I. iS7.
The each in the Treasury at the date ir.en
ttoned was: Reserve fund. 1150.000, 000; trurt
fund, t:S4,513.€7»; general fund. tl23.9i)6,S05: in
national bank deix>fiitaries, J3€,S97.212. The
cash balance in the Treasury. August 31. ex
clusive of reserve and trust funds, was $135,
419.6T'6; and on September 30. tl38.204.S7S. show-
Ing an Increase during the month of R,7$5,1%Z.
Our Witi Pjcific Roads.
Our Cash and Debts.
Th» London Grocers' Gaiette of September
22 says cf salmon: "L'ndlmlniFhed firmness
hnf characterized this market during the week,
but scarcely so much attention has been paid
to the article as recently, owing to the re
quiremer.tf of the dried fruit season. One or
two enu '1 lots have been received per steamer
from America." The Liverpool correspondent
at the tiime paper reports that market as hav
ing a v<»ry active consumptive demand, and
the country 1« taking very large quantities.
There hare bwn a few shipments from Now
York, sll DC which have been promptly dis
tributed ftom tlie quay.
English Salmon Market.
"Dates are Ftronir and In good demand.
Future applet are firm, but rather quiet. De
n-.and for new spot apples Is improving, sales
r-f a couple of cars of under prime goods be
ing reported at 4c. and carlcts of choice to
fancy at 4"i'56c. Other dried fruits and nuts
are in fnir demand from the regular Jobbing
trad". The market abroad on Jordan ehelle-1
and Valencia shelled almonds *hows further
acvar.'.-es. California almonds are firm at
recent higher prices."
"¦Quotations yesterday were 12SC on new
Arr.allas and 12c on old. but thp market was
very inactive. An advance in old is looked for
rather than a dropping in -price of new. J^>
raUFr th«- American market is considerably
tatlors likely would result In goods going to
nr.pllsh markets.
Mall advices from New Tork say:
"Trafle Is quite pood in a general way. but
without any special feature of Interest at the
CTomMit, aside from the strong position of
rals'.ns. Some further bu*in»;«s in Feedless
muscatels was heard of yesterday at a pre
mium said to have been around 1 cent over
opening price. Considerable doubt Is expressed
In the trade, however, regarding sales of se?d
l"s» muscatels at a reported advance of l%c
and sales of layers at %c per pound premium.
Fuch an advance on layers, it Is claimed. Is
not Justified by the present situation on these
foae. *
"A prrat deal of Interest is taken In the
f -mew-hat unsettled sltuatl >r. in currants,
which, however, are held very firm. The new
crop goods- Just arrived are universally admit
feelinjr in the trade generally Is that old ar»
actually worth more and that they will ad
vance over the price of new in a few days.
Ti:st» In o'ear.lnK n^w are now under way.
arvl af Frx'n a* th^ i>eroentase of less is de
n-tminci) tho advance will probably take place.
Dried Fruits in New York.
Oil Cake and Cocoanut Cake lozvcr.
NEW TORK, Oct. 9.— Special cable and tele-
Braphic communications to Bradstreefs show
the following changes in available supplies
from last account:
Wheat— United States and Canada, east of
Rockies, decreased 536,000 bushels; afloat for
and in Europe, decreased 200,000. Total supply
decreased 736,000 bushels.
Corn— United States and Canada, east of
Rockies, Increased 235,000 bushels.
Oats— United States and Canada, east of
Rockies, increased 1,636,000 bushels.
The combined stock of wheat at Portland.
Or., Tacoma and Seattle, Wash., Increased 522,
000 bushels last week .
Available Grain Supply.
LIVERPOOL.
Wheat— Dec. Feb.
Opening 6 3% 5 *
Closing 6 3% 6 3T4
PARIS.
Wheat— Oct. Jan.-Acrll.
Opening 20 05 21 35
Closing 20 10 214o
Flour-
Opening 23 35 27 2o
Closing 25 43 27 2a
On the Produce Exchange to-day the butter
market was firm; creamery. 16@20c: dairy. 13W
ISc. Cheese, flrm, 10U@U%c. Kgss, firm; fresh.
16c.
.. • *
Articles— Receipts. Shipments.
Flour, barrels 19.000 fj.«»
Wheat, bushels 152,000 131,000
Corn, bushels 495.000 42<.OOO
Oats, bushels 503.000 "?-^
Rye, bushels 14,000 1.000
Barley, bushels .165,000
Silver declined. No change in Exchange.
Wheat declined again. Freights nominal.
Barley zveak, zvith increased offerings.
Oats and Corn very firm. Rye quiet.
Hay and Bran strong, but no higher.
Beans and Seeds unchanged. Dried Peas higher.
Sweet Potatoes in larger supply and zveak.
Onions and J Vegetables about the same.
Eggs continue to advance. Butter and Cheese unchanged.
Poultry and Game about as before quoted.
Cranberries held high, with short crop reports.
Bananas coming in freely again.
Lenwns and Limes plentiful and easy.
Fair outward movement in Dried and Canned Fntits.
Nuts and Raisins in good demand.
Provisions steady and unchanged.
Wool neglected at the old prices.
Hops in light demand and steady. Hides sell fairly.
Coal in moderate receipt and firm.
Gasoline and Benzine lower.
Beef higher. Mutton expected to advance.
Cordage lower.
Morning Session.
700 Belcher 20! 3fit> Hale & Norcrs T>
S» Belcher R 2 f,> Halo & Xorcrs" *>
400 Belcher 23J ;*t> Justlr- -""¦"- *J
200 Be*t & Belcher 3.»! 500 Mexican " -n
200 Best & Ueleher 3S sno Mexican in
200 Best & Bolcher 12 1 Deo Mexican «
SOOHest At Belcher 4U| 4uO Oi.hir v>
2t»O Caledonia 30 SCO Orhlr <<«
3D0 Challenge Con.. 2V> 200 Ophir S3
200 Challenge Con.. 25 3fX> Overman VI
2C0Chol!ar 2fi i 7M PotoTl i\
J0O Con Cal &.Va..l :!3j •*:<> Potosi ''.".""
2>*> Confidence 7 > ¦ 7, n Savisr" ij
20OConfiflcr.ce 8<> 1W0 Savajre
2P0 Goul.i & Curry. <0i 300 Sec i!pt'~n»r ot
gggSSS * y - 3 ?«S™*»wS: 37
PK) GouM & Curry. 7'>| ."»)O Sierra .NVvada iS
300 Gouhl & Curry. 7-V 2CO flerra Vf»vi.lt" r>
200 Gould & curry. 7M 700 s erra v4a " +1
inS r2!i3 & £? rnr - "[«°°St«Ta Nevada. 43
20rt Gould Curry. 81 ! 200 Silver Mill T7
k OD 2 £ tTTy - 8I 2P0 1TnInn toft S>
300 GouM * Curry. 84 1200 Utah 14
JBOJJoujd & Curry. 85 5T0 Yellow Jacket.. 13
Following were the sales in the Pacific Stock
Exchanze yesterday:
Morning Session.
4C0 Belcher 20
1C00 Best & Belcher. 41
1200 Caledonia 47
10O Chollar 23
ECO Con Cal & Va..l 30 j
300 Crown Point.... 15,
1250 Gould & Curry. 80
200 Gould & Curry. SI
S0O Gould & Curry- S2
100 Hale & Norcrs. 30 1
4C0 Julia 04
200 Mexican 40
300 Mexican 43
Afternoon
3C0 Belcher 25
130 Best & Belcher. 45
50 Best & Belcher. 43
400 Best & Belcher. 44 1
200 Caledonia 50!
150 Chollar 27
50 Con Cal & Va..l 43!
50 Con Cal & Va..l 4»>l
10O Crown Point W,
200 Gould & Curry/ 91'
200 Gould & Curry. 95!
300 Gould & Curry. 94 1
. Following were the sales in the San Francisco
Stock and Exchange Board yesterday:
100 Mexican ........ 41
3CO Occidental v»
400Ophir 33
10O Ophir m
2C0Ophir n
200 Overman n
10O Savage r»
5C0 Savage 39
700 Sierra Nevada. 2$
2C0 Silver Hill 3S
300 Sliver Hill 3(5
4C0 Union Con ">3
500 Utah ll
Session.
400 Mexican 47
lflO Mexican 4<
300 Occidental ll
200 Ophir M
3C0 Ophir 1 CO
100 Ophir 97
1C0 Potosi ;i
«0O Savage 31)
10<) Sierra Nevada. 4»
20* Silver Hill 33
S00 Utah 15
Continued on Page Eleven
200 McKlttrick Consolidated ;s
50 San Joaquin OH & Development 7 id
10 Sterling Oil & Development Company. Z 50
• 100 Yukon 63
Street—
3S4 Shamrock .- SO
81) Oil City Petroleum "30 jo
Afternoon Session.
Board—
100 Home Oil 4 so
20 Kern River 20 50
1000 McKittrick Consolidated 50
ICO Sterling Oil & Development Company. 2 73
Street—
5 Hanford 74 00
27 Hanford 73 00
500 Petroleum Center n
MINING STOCKS.
Morning Session.
Board-
Do 3s 106H — Do 4s.: 103%103H
N Cal Ry 6s... — 111 I Do 3d mtg...ltCVi -
Oak G L & H.103% — Stktn Gas 6s. .100 —
Oak Tran 6s... — 117
WATER STOCKS.
Contra Costa.. 70 70* % Spring Valley. — 95
Marin County. S14 —
. GAS AND ELECTRIC STOCKS.
Cent L & P Co 4 4", Pac L Co — 4V' a
E<juit G L Co. 3U » 3 i Sac El G&RCo 33% 91
Mutual El Co. — lG^v 8 F G & E.... al*s 52
O G L & H — JO San Francisco. 5 ." : i
Pac Gas Imp.. 31 — Stktn G i E C — lt
INSURANCE STOCKS.
Flrem's Fund. 227 — )
BAN'K STOCKS.
AngkvCal Ltd. 63 — First Xattona!.2S3 3CO
Bank of Cal...40S% — iLon P & A 133 :35
Cal S D & T..103 — Merchants' Ex 13 —
SAVINGS BANKS.
Ger S & L — 1S33 Sav & L So.... — 81
Hum 8 & L... — — Sac Sav Bk — —
Mut Sav Bk... 50 57% t-'nlon T Co — . —
S F Sav U 310 —
STREET RAILROAD STOCKS.
California 123 — O S L & H.... — tf
Geary-st 23 — Presidio 14. S2%
Market-st — 67%
POWDER STOCKS.
California — 162'i /igorit $% 3^
Giant Con Co. 84 —
SUGAR STOCKS.
Hana S P Co. 7 7% Kllauea S PCo 2O% 11%
Haw C & SC o — SS Makawell S Co — 43* s
Honokaa. S Co. 30 J ,i — /Onomea S Co.. Ti\ 2S
, Hutch S P Co. 24 21% Paauhau S Co 30*» S0%
MISCELLANEOUS STOCKS.
Paauhau S Co. 30S» 30% Oceanic S Co.. 92% 33'i
Al Pack Assn.m 125 Pac A F A 1*4 -
Cal Fruit Assn 38 102 Pac C Bor. Co.O 131'j
Mer Ex Assn.. 97 1G0 Par Paint Co,. 12% —
Mornine Session.
£» Hana Plantation Co., b 5 7 00
!3 Hana Plantation Co ~ 0<)
5 Market-street Railway 67 00
1.0CO N. P. C. R. It. 5 per cent bonds 106 JO
3,0«10 Sacramento Elec. Gas & Ry. 5s..l'.X> 30
23 S. F. Gas & Klectrlc Co 31 25
25 S. F. Gas & Electric Co 51 T.yi
1,000 S. P. of A. bonds ill 23
1,000 S. P. of C 6s (1905) series A 107 W
10 Spring Valley Water 93 00
• Afternocn Session.
Board—
5 Alaska Packers' Association 125 00
15 Contra Costa Water 70 23
10 Giant Powder Con 84 00
1C Giant Powder Con., b i 84 00
15 Honokaa S. Co 30 00
50 Hor.oltaa S. Co 30 25
12.000 Market-street R. R. Con. 5s 117 73
50 Paauhau S. P. Co 30 0O
70 Paauhau S. P. Co. 30 15
60 Paauhau S. P. Co., b 5 20 23
5 S. F. Gas & Electric Co 51 62%
Street—
25 Contra Costa Water 70 50
PRODUCERS' OIL EXCHANGE.
MISCELLANEOUS BONDS
Bay Co P Co..l02%104
Cal-st Cab 53.-113% —
C C Water 5S..1O5UW;
Ed L & P 6s.. 131 —
F & Cl Ry 6s.. — —
Geary-st R 5s. — —
H C Sc 3 5%s.. — —
r>o 53 100 —
L A R 5s 104H —
L A Lt Co 6s.. — 103
Do gtnd 63... ! — —
L A gtnd 5s... — 100^4
L A P R R os — 102
Market-st 63... 128 —
Do 1st M 38..117H1M
XCXOR 7s. — 114
>J R of Cal 63.113 113
Do 5s 11« 117
X P C R R 6s.l"2 —
Oak Water 5s. — 1^3
Oceanic S S 58.117^107%
Om C Ry 6s...l2".v 3 —
Pac G Imp 4s.. 1014 —
P & Cl Ry 6s. .104 -
P & O R R 6S.115 —
Powell-st R Ss.117% —
Sac L G&R f,s.lO<vui0<"i
P F & S J V5s.llS';iW*
S R of Cal Ss.lll't —
S P of A to. ...ill —
S P C 6a U3O5>
(Series A)....1O7%1CSH
Do (Series B)lf'S 1C3
S P C 6s <13C6).1C9UUO
Do (1912) 117}i — «
S P R 1st gntd — — T
S P Br 6s 130 —
S V Water 6s.li:;ui!5
tT>riTEI> STATES BONDS.
4s quar coup...H4%113% 4s do cp (naw).13C'il33
4s do reg 114* 4 113% 3s do coup 1C3\ —
TUESDAY. Oct. 9—2:30 p. m.
Business continued dull In the afternoon.
The Burlington Oil will pay a dividend ot
lc < on the 15th.
The assessment of 23c on the St. Lawrence
OH Company falls delinquent October 30.
The Yellow Jacket Mining Company has lev
led an assessment of 10c.
At the annual meeting of the Bank of Cali
fornia the following were elected direc
tors: James M. Allen. William Alvord. Wil
liam Babcock. Charles It Bishop, Antoine Ho
rel, Adam Grant. H. H. Hewlett, Edward W.
Hopkins, John F. Merrill, Jacob Stern, George
\\ hlttell.
TTe directors met at 3 p. m. and re-elected
the old officers as follows: William Alvord.
president: Charles R. Bishop, vice president-
Thcmas Brown cashier: S. Prentiss Smith and
Irving F. Moulton Jr.. assistant cashiers, and
Allen M. Clay secretary. On the 1st Of Sep
tember. 1839, the stockholders voted to reduca
the capital stock from J3,000,000 In 30 000 shares
to J2.OCO.000 In 20,000 shares, the difference to
be returned to the shareholders with *he regu
lar quarterly dividend of $3 per shaxe on Oc
tober 11 The old shares were advanced aft^r
the April dividend last year fr^n tZZt to 1*37 50
per share. The range for the old shares in'SeD
tember. 1899. was $2S2 50 to $237 50. The new
stock was put upon the market last October at
J390. It being the understanding that the divi
dends would be J4 per shar« per quarter la
place of the quarterly dividends of $3 per
share.
TIN average monthly cash movement waa
SSI. 494,843. the total for the year being $377 -
933,113. Exchange transactions were vf. 137 631.
Total earnings for tho year were aa follows:
Interest $6S?.7<tl
exchange 127 S13
Rents _ 2,400
Total imo:3
The dividends paid daring the year lncluri*
one of to per share on the old stock last Octo
ber, amounting to J90.000, and thre* of *4 eachi
on the new stock, amounting to JIio/o) O r a
total of J330.C0O. The fourth dlvlden! at tha
rate of $4 per share was declared yesterday.
payable on the ISth,
STOCK AND BOND EXCHANGE.
There was no change In local stock* and
bonds on the moraine session of the Bond Ex
change and the oil stocks were also quiet and
featureless. r - • .
100 Chicago Indlanar>olis & Louis 20% |
100 Chicago Indianapolis & Louis 'pfd. 53
Chicago & Eastern Illinois S3
Chicago & Northwestern 1GQ
2.040 Chicago Rock Island & Pacific 105%
300 C C C & St Louis Cl
400 Colorado Southern a\i
Colorado Southern 1st prefd 26%
150 Colorado Southern 2d prefd 14
110 Delaware & Hudson 110%
Delaware Lackawanna & Western.. 174
Denver & Rio Grande IS*;
100 Denver & Rio Grande prefd 67
Erie n\i
Erie 1st prefd 34
670 Great Northern prefd 153
Hocking Coal 14
100 Hocking Valley 32
250 Illinois Central 116'i
300 Iowa Central 17>i ,
Iowa Central prefd 33 ]
Lake Erie & Western 29 |
Lake Erie & 'Western prefd 9S '
Lake Shore 205
l.DM LoulffvUle'& Nashville 71*4 |
11.825 Manhattan L 91%
630 Metropolitan Street Railway 14»%
100 Mexican Central 11%
100 Minneapolis & St Louis 54
Minneapolis & St Louis prefd 91
8,410 Missouri Pacific 50% |
Mobile & Ohio 35
Missouri, Kansas & Texas 9% |
200 Missouri Kansas & Texas prefd 27»4
200 New Jersey Central 133Vi |
SSI New York Central 12S%
1.500 Norfolk & Western 34Vi 1
Norfolk & Western prefd. 75%)
13.750 Northern Pacific 4S% I
751* Northern Pacific prefd 6S% I
700 Ontario & Western 20%
Oregon Railway & Navigation 42
Oregon Railway & Navigation prefd 7fi
6.930 Pennsylvania 129%
300 neadlnp loH
J.2S3 Reading 1st prefd S3H
Reading 2d prefd 23Vi
Rio Grande Western 53
I Rio Grande Western prefd 31
I 210 St Louie & San Francisco 10%
100 St Louis & San Francisco 1st pfd. «5
St Louis & San Francisco 2d pfd.. 33%
780 St I/OUls Southwestern 12
1.610 St l/ouls Southwestern prefd 29%
4,520 ft Paul 111%
St Paul prefd 163% |
100 St Paul & Omaha 110 I
S.800 Southern Pacific 32\ j
100 Southern Railway 11%
?00 Southern Railway prefd 52%
3fiO Texas A Pacific 15%
13.375 Union Pacific 58
230 Union Pacific prefd 73%
100 Wabash 6*i
oOO Wabash prefd 17%
2*v) Wheeling i- Lake Erie 8'.i
400' Wheeling & Lflke Erie 2d prefd..... 23
, Wisconsin Central 11
100 Third Avenue 108%
Express Companies —
Adams 120
American l">0
United States. • 43
Wells Fargo 124
Miscellaneous—
American Cotton Oil ZV/ t
: American Cotton Oil pfd 8S
American Malting 4
100 American Malting prefd •. 22%
1.HS Airerican Snieltlnz & Refng 37 r <i
430 American Smelting & Refng prefd.. SSVi
American Spirits 1
American Spirits prefd 17
700 American Steel Hoop 19%
130 American Steel Hoop prefd 67
5.2«> American Steel & Wire 3.>i;
100 American Pteel & 'Wire prefd 73*4
S.POO American Tin Plate 31%
• American Tin Plate prefd Kl
2,430 American Tobacco ." 90%
American Tobacco prefd 12S
r.Ta Anaconda Mining Co 44%
17.320 Brooklyn Rapid Transit r.Z«*
Colorado Fuel & Iron ?,{\
2N5 Continental Tohacco .'........ 2.1
SM Continental Tobacco prefd 77
4.420 Federal Steel 33
360 Federal Steel prefd 04%
General Electric 136V£
....... Glucose Sugar 43%
I ... # — Glucose Sugar prefd 9S%
I 800 International Paper IS '
, 200 International Paper prefd 63%
Laclede Gap 68%
' 810 National Ulseult . 31%
' National Biscuit prefd S9
It Is clearly evident, therefore, that New York
will have to make a more urgent call to efteet
a movement hither of gold on any considerable
scale. Meanwhile the local money market con
tinues to harden and the proportion of call
loans placed at 3% per cent was considerably
greater than yesterday. To-day's transfers of
currency to the interior through the sub
treasury again reached three-quarters of a
million dollars and the banks have lest to that
Institution since Friday J2.275.OOO. The move
ment by express Is a matter of conjecture, but
Is known to continue large. Speculative action
was considerably paralyzed pending the solu
tion of these market perplexities and the
movement of prices was narrow and unim
portant. There was a notable movement In
the Iron and steel group, pretty much all the
members of the group coming into the move
ment as the day progressed, with advances of
from 1 to over 2 points. This movement and
the announcement of the engagement of gold
In Paris served to overcome some of the early
depression. Strength In the local traction
group was also a factor. But the maiket
closed dull with few net changes of Importance.
The movement in the bond market was nar
row and irregular. Total sales, par value,
JC80.000.
United States refunding 2s, the 3s (regis
tered) and new 4s declined >i per cent on the
last call.
NEW YORK STOCK LIST.
Shares Closing
Sold. Stocks— Bid.
3,325 Atchison .......•.•..••.• •.••••••••... 23
6.6S0 Atchlson prefd 70U
4,810 Baltimore & Ohio 71
500 Canadian Pacific S6 l i
Canada Southern 50
200 Chesapeake & Ohio ZSH
Chicago Great Western 10=i
7.9SS Chicago Burlington & Quincy 125%
ur>on the outcome of the contest, now Inaugu
rated, for the possession of the available
money supply. The engagement of £50.000 in
sold and its withdrawal from the Bank of
England for shipment to New York marked the
beginning of the contest and confirmed yester
day's estimate that sterling exchange at New
York had fallen within the margin of profit
for gold imports. No announcement was made
in New York of this engagement and It was
cemmonly supposed that the withdrawal was
made in anticipation of an advance in the price
of gold, with a view to future shipment. The
withdrawal precipitated an advance in the
Bank of England's price of «rold. Rold bars
and American eagles being marked up half a
penny an ounce. The margin of profit on im
ports to New York was thus wiped out. Ster
ling exchange in New York, which had steadied
this morning after yesterday's downward
plunge, thereupon resumed a downward course
and dosed easy and still tending toward the
new level of goM Imports established by the
Bank of England's action. The discount rate
In London also responded to the threat
ened demand for gold and hardened
Flightly. The Bank of France is undoubt
edly best equipped of all the great European
banks to spare gold at this time. But it has
pursued a policy of hoarding for some time
past and the policy of the Institution in the
protection of Its gold reserve Is exceedingly
arbitrary. It is taken for granted that it Will
intert>ose an obstacle to the drain Inaugurated
to-day uj>on the Paris market's gold supply.
Chollar 24|Ontarlo 6 00
Crown Point 14jOphir 64
Con Cal & Va 1 20 Plymouth 17
Deadwood 63 Quicksilver 1 25
Gould & Curry 60 Do prefd 6 50
Hale & Norcross... 23 ! Slerra Nevada 33
Homestake 53 00 Standard 4 *O
Iron Silver 67 Union Con 23
Mexican 33 Yellow Jacket 20
BOSTON STOCKS AND BONDS.
Money — lUnion Land 1%
Call loans 3@4|West End 91%
Stocks- Wls Central 11
A T & S F 2S Bonds—
A T & S F prefd.. 70U Atchison 4s 9SI*
American Sugar. ..116?* | Mining Shares —
Am Sugar prefd 114Vi 'Adventure 4%
Boston & Albany. .247 iAllouez Mln Co 1%
Boston Elevated. ..147 lAmalg Copper S7',i
Boston & Maine.. ..187 'Atlantic 22
Chso. Bur & Q....125V4: Boston & Mont 325
l>oniinion Coal 39 jHutte & Boston.... 62
Dora Coal prefd 112 Caiumet & Hecla..76O
Federal Steel 33 7 /» Centennial 16H
Fed Steel prefd.... 64 'Franklin 14
Fitchburg prefd.. ..137^ Humboldt 25
General Electric... 139 iOsceola 67%
Ed Elec 111 210 (Parrot 43
Mexican Central... 12 iQuincy 142%
Mich Telephone S5 i Santa Fe Copper.. 64
N E Gas & Coke.. 15 Tamarack 230
Old Colony 204 Utah Mining 31
Old Dominion 20»i Winona 3
Union Pacific 57"i Wolverines 40Vi
London Market.
NEW YORK, Oct. 9. — The Commercial Adver
tieer's financial cablegram says: The fall In
American exchange on London caused a weak
opening In the markets here and the close was
flat on the sale of £501, COO in German coin and
£DO,000 in American eagles. Besides this £150,
000 was taken for Egypt. The bank raised Its
selling price for eagles a penny, to 76s 9d.
There was a strong inquiry for gold from Ger
many and America, but the market is holding
out for higher prices. London sold Americans
moderately and Berlin sold Northern Pacifies
and Canadian Pacifies again, but New York
Eteadied the market. Business was very mod
! erate. London thinks New York will advance
! stock prices more on gold Imports and they will
depress them on exports.
CLOSING.
LONDON. Oct. 9.— Atchlson. 2S%: Canadian
Pacific, 89; Union Pacific preferred, 75%: North
! err. Pacific preferred. 70^i; Grand Trunk, 6%;
I Anaconda. S'i; bar silver quiet, 29%d per ounce;
i money, 1@1% per cent.
Nezv York Money Market.
NEW YORK, Oct. 9.— Money on call, firm at
3ff3Vi per cent; last loan, 3 'per cent; prime
mercantile paper, 5®5*i per cent; sterling ex
change, firm, with actual business In bankers'
bills at $4 84% for demand and $4 80% for 60
I days; posted rates, $4 Sl>/5@4 85%; commercial
j bills, J4 U\<siK SOV* : silver certificates. 64U©'S5c:
bar silver. G3%c; Mexican dollars. 50»-ic: Gov
' ernment bond?, weak; State, strong; railroad,
I Irregular.
:
Condition of the Treasury.
WASHINGTON, Oct. 9.— To-day's statement
of the Treasury balances shows: Available
cash balances, $139,305,479; gold, $86,555,619.
195,400 Total Sales.
CLOSING BONDS.
U S ref 2s, reg....lO3s;:N Y Central lsts...lOS%
y S ref 2s, coup...l00ii|N J Cent gen 5s.. ..123
U S 3s reg 108^ N Pacific 3s 64»i
U S 3s coup 109* t lN- Pacific, 4s 102>*
U S new 4s reg.... 133% |N Y C & S L 4s. ..105
U S new 4s coup... 133% N & W con 4s 97
U S old 4s reg 114%. Or Nav lsts 109
U' S old 4s coup... 114% Or Nav 4s 102%
U S as reg 113W Or Short Line 6s. -.127^
U S 5s coup 113H,!Or S Line con 5s. ..112
DIs of Col 3.65s. ...123 (Reading Gen 4s.... S6?i
AtchlEon gen 4s 99 |R G W lsts 9S<4
Atchleon adj 4s S6U S L & I M con Ss.lOS'i
Canada So 2ds lOC'ils L & S F gen Cs.l21?i
Ches & Ohio 4>4s... 9Sft|St Paul consols.. ..169
Ches & Ohio 5s. ...120 IS P C & P lsts 117%
C & NW con 7s. ..133 JS P C & P 5s 11SH
C & NWSFdeb 5s. 120 I So Pacific 4s 78U
Chgo Terminal 4s.. 90%. So Railway 5s 10S»fc
Colo Southern 4s... "StVs I Stand R & T 6s.... 66?«
D & li G lsts 10S Tex & Pac lsts....H3H
D & R G 4s 98 iTex & Pac 2ds CO
Erie General 4s.... 68Va|UnIon Pacific 4s....lO4H
F W & D C lsts... 71% Wabash lsts 118
General Elec 5s.. ..117 Wabash 2ds 102
Iowa Cent lsts 110 West Shore 4s 113%
L & N Uni 4s 99 Wis Cent lsts 83
M K & T 2ds 64% Va Centuries 90'i
M K & T 4s 9OV2I
MINING STOCKS.
National Lead 17«
— ¦.. National Lead prefd 90
«00 National Steel 2$%
110 National Steel prefd 84'
New York Air Brake us
-• North American u%
100 Pacific Coast 57
V Pacific Coast 1st prefd 82
••••••• Pacific Coast 2d prefd 66
_2oO Pacific Mall 3114
15,855 People's Gas 84»<j
COO Pressed Steel Car ; 3?i
....... Pressed Steel Car prefd 75U
101 Pullman Palace Car 1S6
.....^ Standard Rope & Twine 4?»
19.S.J Sugar 117
Sugar prefd 116
3,070 Tenn. Coal & Iron b6%
430 United States Leather 10
670 United States Leather prefd 6SV2
United States Rubber 2SM:
United States Rubber prefd St4
CSS Western Union 7SU
610 Rep I & S Co ' Hi
615 Rep I & S Co 5314
P C C & St L ; 52
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
Wine Grapes rule firm, but Table Grapes have
shown no change worthy of note for some days.
Melons, too. are running along about the same.
StrawDerrles cam» In late and cooked and
had to go lower in consequence.
Lemons and Limes are In ample supply and
not materially changed; -'
APPLES — 23if?5Oc -per box for common and
60ciJ?$l for good to choice.
PEARS— Winter Nellls, 60c®$l; Cooking
Pears, 25065c per box.
QUINCES— 25«R60c per box.
PERSIMMONS— 75cf?$l per box.
FIGS — 2.i<3S5c per ordinary box.
BLACKBERRIES— $r,ig6 per chest.
CRANBERRIES-Cape Cod. $S 25SS 50; Coos
Bay. $2 50 per box.
STRAWBERRIES— $2 50@3 50 per chest for
large and $7 for email berries.
RASPBERRIES— $5@7 per chest.
POMnGRANATES-35@75c per small box and
$1*3 ! 75 pet- large box.
PLUMS— 25c<5 65c per box.*
GRAPES— Muscat. 35Q65c per crate- black.
Peaches and Plums are on their last legs and
the quotations will soon be. dropped. Quinces
are quiet. Pears are in fair supply and steady
and Apples are quoted weaker again.
It Is either a feast or a famine with Bananas.
They have been scarce lately, but thus far this
week we have received one car from New Or
leans and 5700 bunches from Honolulu, enough
to keep the market supplied for a few days, at
least. . I
Eastern Cranberries are held higher, owing to
a reported shortage In the crop.
Deciduous and Citrus Fruits.
CHEESE— New, 10%@Hc: old", 9@10c: "Vcuns
America, U>V4@12c: Eastern, 13^©14c; Wejtern,
10® 12c cer lb. '
EGGS— Quoted at 20®25c for store and 32^(3
37c per dozen for ranch; Eastern, 18S26c.
Storage goods— 22%@24c,
Butter shows no change, most dealers quot
ing a well supplied and easy market. Cheese Is
steady and choicer grades are firm.
BUTTER—
Creamery— Fancy Creamery, 28@2SVic; Sec
ond?, 27@27Hc
Dairy— Fancy, 25@26c; good to choice, 23®24c;
common. 20<g22c. ¦ j
Creamery tub— 20<S22Hc per lb.
Pickled roll— 19®21c.
Firkin— 18#19c.
Eggs continue to advance under decreasing
stocks of the finer descriptions.
Butter, Cheese and Eggs.
GAME— Quail. 75cC$l 25 for Valley and $2 25
for Mountain: Mallard, $4CT5: Sprig. $2 50®3 50;
Teal. ?2 r>0«J3; Widgeon. $1 75(??2: Small Duck.
$1 2o@l 50; Gray Geese. $3; White Geese, $1®
1 25; Brant. for small and for large;
English Snipe. $1 2.V52: Jack .Snipe. 75c@$l;
Hare, $1 25^1 50; Rabbits, $1 25W1 50 for cotton
tall and $1 for brush; Doves, 50<g60c per dozen.
POULTRY— Live Turkeys. 16@17c for Gobblers
and JC(f?17c for Hens: Geese, per pair, $1 25(3!
1 50; Goslings. $1 50<91 75; Ducks. $3@4 for old
and $3 50@4 50 for young: Hens. $4®5 50: Young
Roosters, $4 50«i5: Old Roosters. $4©4 50: Fry
ers. $3J?3 50: Broilers. t?,r.'C3 50 for large and
J2 25JJ2 75 for small; Pigeon*, Slffl 25 per dozen
for old and $1 73(g~2 for Squabs.
Poultry Is reported In fair demand at steady
prices. Three cars have come In from the East
thus far this week. The Eastern is selling at
$5 for Young I Roosters. $5 50® 6 for Hens. $4 50
for Old Roosters, $4 for Ducks, $1 50@l 75 for
Geese, $3 50 for Fryers. $3 for large Broilers,
$2 60 for small Broilers and 12c for Turkeys.
Receipts of Game continue up to require
ments, but the good demand keeps the market
well cleaned up.
Poultry and Game.
VEGETABLES— Green Peas, 2©4c per lb:
String Beans, lMs@3c; Llmas, 2@3c per lb;
Cabbage, $1; Tomatoes, Bay, 23S50C; Egg
Plant, 33<5o0c per box; Green Okra, 33®30c;
Green Peppers. 25@50c per box for Chill and 35@
tOc for Bell: Dried Peppers, 10®15c: Carrots.
25i£f35c per sack; Summer Squash, 65@85c for
Alameda: Cucumbers, 25<3''10c for Alameda;
Pickles, $1@1 25 per ctl for No. 1 and 50©7»c
for No. 2; Garlic, 4@4>£c per lb; Marrowfat
Squash, $10@15 per tonj
POTATOES — Burbanks. 35@50c for Rivers and
35c(5'$l 10 per ctl for Salinas; Sweets, 75c for
Rivers and $1 13 for Merced. •
ONIONS— 50(@C5c per ctl: Pickle Onions, 33@
60c.
Sweet Potatoes are coming In rather too
freely and prices are slowly declining. There
Is no change of Importance In Onions and Vege
tables.
Arrivals of Beans were somewhat larger
again. Prices stood the same." The 'demand
is fair. . There is no change In Seeds. Dried
Peas are quoted higher, i with light offerings.
BEANS— Bayos. $1 S3@2: Small White, $3 255J
3 SO; Large White, $2 25®2 50; Pink. $2 25(32 50;
Red *3<g3 25; Blackeye. $2 50; Lima. $o 15@5 25;
Pea $3 50Jf3 75: Red Kidneys, $3 25t?3 50.
SEEDS— Brown Mustard, 4c; Yellow Mustard,
Be; Flax, I2fi2 50; Canary, 3}ic per lb for Cali
fornia and 4c for Eastern; Alfalfa, nominal;
Rape. 2>4*?3c: Hemp. 4©4'4e: Timothy. 4®4>4c.
DRIED aAS- Nlles. $1 50<3'2; Green. $1 SO®
2 20 per ctl; Blackeye, $1 50—1 75.
Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables.
Beans and Seeds.
While there Is no further advance In Hay
and Bran, both are very firm, with decreased
receipts. Mixed Feed is higher and Oilcake
Meal and Cocoanut Cake lower.
BRAN-!16ei7 50 per ton.
MIDDLINGS— $17<j21 per ton.
FEEDSTUFFS— Rolled Barley. $15@17 per
ton; Oilcake Meal at the mill. $25@26: jobbing,
$26 50: Cocoanut Cake, $17<5I1S; Corn Meal, $26@
27: Cracked Corn, $26 50027 50: Mixed Feed,
HAY-Voluntcer, JSWS; Wheat, $U«?13 50;
Wheat and Oat, $10® 12 00; Oat, $3@U 50; Clover,
$4fi6: Alfalfa, $7(RS 50; Barley, $7®9 per ton.
STRAW— 30(^42^0 per bale.
Hay and Feedstuff s.
FLOUR-Callfornla Family Extras, $3 600
3 75. usual terms: Bakers' Extras, $3 40@3 50;
Oregon and Washington, $2 75@3 10 per bbl for
family and $3 13®3 50 for bakers' ; Eastern.
$4 75@5 75 per bbl.
MILLSTUFFS— Prices In sacks are as fol
lows, usual discount to the trade: Graham
Flour. $3 per 100 lbs; Rye Flour, $2 75; Rye
Meal. $2 50: Rice Flour, $7; Corn Meal. $2 7o,
extra cream do, $3 50; Oat Groats, $4 50; Hom
ing, $3 50@3 75; Buckwheat Flour, $4@1 23;
Cracked Wheat, $3 50; Farina, $4 50; Whole
Wheat Flour, $3 25: Rolled Oats (barrels), $6®
7 23; in sacks, $5 75i??7; Pearl Barley. $o; .Split
Peas, $5; Green Peas, $5 50 per 100 lbs.
Flour and Millstuffs.
WHEAT FREIGHTS-Spot rates «•'»««
lnal at 45s, there being no disengaged «> nna e«
in port worthy of note. The chartered wheat
fleet here has a registered tonnage of 41,3o0.
against 43,290 on the same date last year; dls
e , gaped £ tons, against 19.120;. on the way
to this port. 143.000 tons, agalns^ L,"^" Is still
WHEAT-The course of the market 1 3 »""
downward. Liverpool. Paris and T °^5
declined again and Chicago opened .easy and
dull in sympathy with the other markets Tno
crowd was bearish on fine weather. antlclDat
ing a lareer movement In consequence. Jhere
was no pressure on long Wheat. Jjowe^er.
There were 400,000 bushels taken for .export
and 100.000 bushels for M lwauk.ee mills- The
closing of the Minneapolis mills. n>«^
yesterday. Is suspected to have been for mar
1 1W Loa5 B pricea declined again, both on and off
Ca " P ot Wheat-Shipping. $1 O1V101 02%; Milling.
$1 05@l 07%. _
CALL, BOARD SALES.
! Informal Session-9:15 o'clock - Decembcr
'4000' ctls, $103%. v
Second Session— May-2000 ctls, $1 10%-
n K .-4 ula . r ,.». ri> S 5 o=Br!ssr^rss b - 1 «r-SS:
14.000. $1 09. December-10,000, $1 02?».
BARLEY— The market Is lower again and
dull, with increased offerings. , .
Feed, 75c for choice bright, 72%@<3%c for No.
1 and GJ@70c for off grades; Brewing and Ship
ping grades, 8(X38oc; Chevalier, nominal.
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal Session— No sales.
Second Session— December— 2000 ctls, 73}*c.
2000. 72%c. May-2000, 73%c; 2000. 73c.
Regular Morning Session— December-zow
ctls. 72c.
Arternoon Session— No sales.
OATS— Continue firm at the recent advance,
with a large demand for seed. It Is under
stood that the middlemen control most of the
stock . in tho State, except a few small lots
White, $1 30@"l 35: Surprise, $1 45®1 55; Red,
$1 15@1 25 for feed and $1 25©1 40 > for seed
Gray $1 25@1 35; Black, for feed, $1 10@l 17}*,
for seed, $1 22'4@1 32',* per ctl.
CORN— The market has recently been so bare
that the Eastern sells as fast as It comes In.
It Is ouotable at* $1 20®l 22% per ctl.
RYE— 99<S92c per ctl. The market Is quiet.
BUCKWHEAT— Nominal.
Wheat and Other Grains.
Sterling Exchange, 60 days...... - *j j»
Sterling Exchange, sight — * »'*»
Sterling Cables •¦• —. o?5
New York Exchange, sight...... "«
New York Exchange, telegraphic — i"
Fine Slh-er, per ounce.... fl ' 61
Mexican Dollars, nominal W ol
Exchange and Bullion.
THE STOCK MARKET.
COMMERCIAL FINANCIAL
AND NEWS
Cash quotations were as follows Flour,
steady: No. 3 spring wheat. 7C»i@.b^c; Mx 2
red. 76V.(ff7Sc; No. 2 corn. 41(S41=ic; No. 2 yel
low, 41*c; No. 2 oats, 22U<&22Hc: No. 2 white,
24%ff2CHc: No. 3 white. ¦ 23Vi@25?ic; No. 2 rye,
52c: fair to choice malting, 50ru57c; NO.^V-naJ>
s?ed $1 60- No 1 Northwestern, $1 60flJl 61,
prime timothy seed. $4 2O®4 30: mess pork pet
barrel, $15015 50; lard, per 100 pounds. $7 *>@
7 35; short-rib sides (loose). $S®S 20; dry Failed
shoulders (boxed). $6 25<fi6 37H: short clear sides
(boxed). $3 40@8 50: whisky, basis of high wines,
$1 27; clover, contract grade. $10 25glO M-
Articles — Open. High. Low. Close.
Wheat No. 2— ' „_„
October 76H 76^4 75H 75%
November 76% 77 76H 76 '*
December 77% 77% 76% • 77
Corn No. 2— ¦ .,
October 41H «% 40 " £.,
Novembar 37% ' 3S 37% 3.J4
December .......... 35Vs 35% 34»i 34%
Oats No. 2— „
October 22^4 22V4 21% 22
November ZZ 3^ 22H 22Va —J*
December 22% 22% 22 J /i "Va
Mess Pork, per barrel— ,. „.
October J?^
November 1165 1165 11 *o 1160
January 11 85 11 85 11 7o 11 nia
Lard, per 100 pounds — _ _ ,-
October. 7 23 7 35 7 2a 7 35
November 7 25 7 30 7 20 « "J«
January 6 Po 6 95 6 92^ C 92^
Short Ribs, per 100 pounds—
October 8 10 8 10 8 00 8 10
November ,, ' „-,,
January 6 32^ 6 S2K 6 2i% 6 t,\j
latlve stage and were generally dull. Novem
ber closed Me lower at 22%022V4c
A liberal run of hogs was responsible for an
easy ¦ provision market. Moderate, buying by
packers was about the only buslnees of the
day. January pork closed 7%c lower, lard IMC
lown and ribs 5@7»4c lower.
The leading futures ranged a» follows:
«« fSUn 1 - No 1 California quiet. 6s 6%d. Fu-
Mures! quiet"; December. 6s 3«/ t d; February.
6S CORN-Spot firm: American mixed new. 4s
SHd; December. 4s 2%d; January. 3s ll%d.
Receipts of Produce.
FOR TUESDAY, OCTOBER 9.
Flour, at skH 17,464|Sugar. sks 770
Wheat, ctls.. 210| Leather, rolls.... " 317
BAGS — San Quentin Bags. $5 63: Calcutta
Grain Bags. o*+c: Wool Bags. 2SVi®3: 1 / ic ; Fleece
Twine, 7%c; Fruit Bags, 61^6^0 for white and
SU@S%c for bleached Jute.
CANNED FRUIT— The- canners report a
steady outward movement at unchanged prices,
and say that at the present rate stocks will
be cleaned up before the pack of 1901 appears.
Extras in 2 ! ; -lb tins are quoted as follows:
Apricots. $1 50; Cherries, $2 for •black. $1 S3 for
white and $2 for Royal Anne; Grapes, $1 33;
Peaches, $1,63; Pears, $1 83; Plums, $1 3o@l 40;
Quinces, Jl'fc; Strawberries, $1 75.
COAL— The market continues firm with mod
erate supplies. Wellington, $9 per ton; South
field Wellington. $9; Seattle. $7; Bryant. $7;
Coos Bay, $3 50; Wallsend, $}; Co-operative
"Wallsend, $9; Cumberland, $12 In bulk and $13 13
in sacks: Pennsylvania Anthracite Egg, *14;
Cannel. $12 per ton; Coke. $15 per ton In bulk
and ?1S In sacks; Rocky Mountain descriptions.
$S 43 per 2000 lbs and $s GO per ton, according to
brand.
CORDAGE — The local cordase company
quotes as follows: Pure Manila. HHc Der lb:
Sisal sizes and bale rope. SHc; Duplex. 7Uc.
Terms, 60 days or Hi per cent cash discount.
PACIFIC CODFISH-Bundles, 3Vic; cases. Z%
@4c; imitation Eastern. 5c; Boneless, 4*ic;
strips, 5@6c; blocks, 5@5»£c: tablets. 6c; mld
. dies, 5%©7J£c; desiccated, 75c.
'< COFFEE — Costa Rica — 1 !1J13c for prime
washed; 12»4<gl3'4c for good washed; 13©14c for
good to prime washed peaberry; 12@13c
for good to prime peaberry; ll',4@lSc for
good to prime: 10%®llc for good current mixed
with black beans; 9H®Uc for fair; 7U£^*c
I nominal for common to ordinary.
Salvador — 11'iSlS^jc for good to prime
washed; lOHO'lli-' ' or falr washed; 12@t3*ic for
good to" prime washed peaberry; UtfU%2 for
gocd to prime seml-.washed; 10?t@llc for super
ior unwashed; 10%c for gocd green unwashed;
llfall>*e for good to superior unwashed pea
berry:* 7 I £'g9c nominal for common t-> ordinary.
Nicaragua— 13@16c for prime to fancy washed :
10V4f» 12-,sc for fair to strictly good washed:
lO'/itoN'-yic nominal for good to superior un
washed; UKlUic nominal for good to prime un
washed peaberry.
Guatemala and Mexican— 13'i@17c for prime
to fancy washed: 12H€fl3c for strictly good
washed; ll@12c for good washed; 9%®10?4c for
fair washed; »@9Hc for medium; 6+ 4 (gS^c for
Inferior to ordinary; 13@14c for good to prime
washed peaberry; ll@HV4c nominal for good to
prime unwashed peaberry; 10Vi@Uc nominal for
good to superior unwashed.
LEATHER— Sole, heavy. 2S(g33e per lb: Sole
Heather, medium, 26@30c; Sole Leather, llghi,
IC®2Sc: Rough Leather, heavy. 27@2Sc; Rough
Leather, light. 25<S26c: Harness Leather, heavy,
S24i3Sc: Harness Leather, medium. 30^37c; Har
ness Leather, light, 23g3r>c: Collar Leather, 15
«E?16c per foot; Kip. finished, 40©50c per lb;
Veal, finished, 50®ioc: Calf, finished. 73c(&Jl 20-
Sides, finished, 16@17c per foot: Beit Knife
Splits, 14@16c: Rough Splits. S@10c per lb.
TANBARK— Ground. $26<&2S per ton; Stick, $13
©20 j>er. cord.
. OILS— California Castor OH. In cases. No 1
73c: Dure, $1 CO: Linseed Oil In barrels, boiled.
75c; raw. 73c: cases. 5c more; Lncol. 63c per
gallon for boiled and 67c for raw; Lard Oil. ex
tra winter strained, barrels, 70c; cases,' 75c •
China Nut. 68tfi72c .per gallon; pure Neatsfeot
Oil, barrels, 6^;: cases. 70c; Sperm, pure 65«-
Whale Oil, natural white. 37H'g42'£c per gal
lon: Fish Oil, barrels. 33c: cases. 40c
COAL OIL, GASOLINE AND BENZINE—
Gasoline and Benzine are lower. Water White
Coal OH. in bulk; 12c: Pearl Oil. cases lSe-
Astral. 13^: Star, ISc: Extra Star. 22c; Elaine'
23e: Eocene. 20c: Deodorized Stove Gasoline in
bulk. l4Hc; cases. 20^c: Benzine, bulk.'mic
cases, 19\ic: 86-degree Gasoline, bulk. 20c; cases
26c rer gallon.
TURPENTINE— Quoted at 61c per gallon in
cases' and E3c in drums or iron barrels
RED AND WHITE LEAD— Red Lead 7143
7%c per lb; White Lead. 7@7%c. according to
quantity.
QUICKSILVER-$48 per flask for local use
and $45<S"46 for export.
SUGAR— The Western Sugar Refining Com
pany quote?, per lb. In 100-lb bags:
Crushed, fi.63c: Powdered. 6.25c; Candy Gran
ulated. 6.25c; Dry Granulated. 6.15c- Confec
tioners' A, 6.15c; Magnolia -A 5.73c; Extra C
5.C5c; Golden C, 5.55c; barrels. 10c more; half
barrels.'23c more; box'es, 50c more: 50-lb bags.
10c mor£. No orders taken for less than 73
barrels or its equivalent. Domlnos, half-bar
rels. 6.SOc: boxesf; 7.13c per lb. .
LUMBER— Retail prices are as follows: Pine
ordinary sizes, J16<R17: extra slz*»s, higher- Re.-ll
wood, $17r§18 for No. 1 and $15(^16 for No "»•
Lath, 4 feet.. $3 50@4: Pickets. $18; Shingles."
$175 for common and $2 75 for fancy; Shakes
$11 for split and $12 for sawn; Rustic, $21@27.
General Merchandise.
Beef is higher and an advance In Mutton is
expected. Other descriptions stand the same.
BEEF— $©6»c for Steers and BQVgC p«r lb for
Cows.
VEAL— Large, 7<J?Sc; small. S l iS9c per lb.
MUTTON— Wethers. "S7Vic; ewes. 6'i'87c per
pound.
LAMB— SfgS^c per lb.
PORK— Live Hogs. 5»4c for small, S'S'fl^ie for
medium and 5^65^0 for large; stock Hogs and
feeders, 5®5Uc; dressed Hogs, 7V2 ( 9S^ic.
San Francisco Meat Market.
Wool is still quoted fiat and neglected by the
local trade. Receipts are light, as growers are
holding back In the country. The Eastern mills
have only about 80 days' stock on hand and
therefore dealers are Inclined to expect more
activity after the election. Prices stand as
before.
There Is some Inquiry for Hops at unchanged
quotations. There are not many here.
Hides are quoted steady and in fair move
ment, with less accumulation of stock. Prices
show no change worthy of note.
HIDES AND SKINS-Culls and brands sell
about lc under quotations. Heavy salted
Steers, 9$f:Hzc: medium. S'ic; light. 8c; Cow
hides, 5c; Stags. 6c: Salted Kip. 8c; Salted
Veal, Sc; Salted Calf. 3c; Dry Hides. 15"?154c;
culls, 12@13c; Dry Kip. 15c; Dry Calf. 13m«c;
culls and brands, 12'§lZc: Sheepskins, Shear
lings, 15-S25C each; short Wool. 30<S40c each;
medium, f«C@70c: long Wool. 75cS$l each; Horse
Hides, salt, V52 25 for large, $1 73 for medium,
t\ for small and 50c for colts; Horse Hides,
dry, $1 oO for large, $1 25 for medium, $1 for
small and 25fi50c for colts. Deerskins — Summer
or red skins. 35c; fall or medium skins. 30c;
winter or thin skins, 17%S20c. Goatskins —
Prime Angoras. 75c; large and smooth, 50c;
medium, 3.*>c.
TALLOW— No. 1 rendered. 4£4%c per lb: No.
2. 3'Q3 1 -c; grease. 2'32 1 ic.
WOOL — Spring clip Is quotable as follows:
Northern, free, 15;gi6c: Northern, defective, 12^
He; Middle County, free. U^lSc; Middle Coun
ty, defective. 12@Uc: Southern Mountain. 12
months', 9«fI10c: Southern Mountain, free. 7
months'. 111?12c; Southern Mountain, defective.
7 months', 9<gllc: Humboldt and Mendoclno, 18
@17c: Nevada, 13#16c per lb.
Fall Clip— San Joaquin. 6 ! /i®Sr: do Lambs', 8
@9c: Middle County. Sftllc per lb.
HOPS— ll%<314Hc per lb.
Hides, Tallow, Wool and Hops.
CURED MEATS — Bacon. 11%C per lb for
heavy, 12c for light medium, I3 1 4c for light,
14c for extra light and 13^c for sugar cured;
Eastern sugar-cured Hams, 12c; Mess Beef,
$11 50 per bbl: extra Mess. J13 50; Family.
$14 50: extra Prime Pork. S15 50: extra clear.
$19; Mess. $16 50: Smoked Beef. 12»4*j'13c per lb.
LARD— Tierces quoted at 6%c per lb for com
pound and 9^c for pure; half -barrels, pure,
9*ic; 10-lfc tins. lMic; 5-lb tins, 109»c.
COTTOLENE — One-half barrel, SHc; three
half-barrels. 8Hc; one tierce, SHc; two tierces.
8V*c; five tierces, % S>,ic per lb.
There Is a fair and continuous demand for
cured meats at firm prices.
Provisions.
The trade reports a steady shipping demand
for moat kinds of fruit, without excitement.
Prices show little change, though the medium
and lower grades of Peaches. Pears and Apples
are off a little. Nuts and Raisins continue to
sell well. The local handlers of Prunes say
thaV'at the present steady rate of outgo the
crop will clean up before another crop comes
FRUITS— Prunes. Santa Claras, 4 sizes. 3c:
40-609, 7c; 50-60S, 5tfc; 60-70s, 2%c; 70-SOs, S%c;
SO-30s. 2%c; 90-lOOs, 2%c; 100s and over, 2c; ru
bles, %c premium; Sonoroas. Y»c and San Joa
quins, %c less than Santa Claras, except 100*
and over, which stand the same. Apricots, 8®
So for Royals and lO011%c for Moorparks;
Evaporated Apples 5<§6c; sun-dried. 2^'S4c;
Peaches, 4H@5c for standard. 5*i«6c for choice
and 7@Sc for fancy: Pears. 2®7c: Plums, pitted.
5<8«ttc; unpltted. l@l%c: Nectarines. 5®5yjc for
red and S^sfnic for white.
RAISINS— The Raisin Growers* Association
has established the followlns prices for the
season of 1900: Bleached Thompson's fancy, 12c
per lb: choice, lie; standard. 8?ic: prime, 8c;
unbleached Thompson's, 9c per lb. Sultanas —
Fancy, 10%c per lb; choice, OVfcc; standard, 8%c;
prime, 8c; unbleached Sultanas, 8c; Seedless,
uO-lb boxes. 6>£c; 2-crown loose Muscatels, 6c;
3-crown, 6>4c; 4-crown, 7c; London Layers, 2
crown. $1 50 per box; 3-crown. |1 60; Fancy
Clusters, $2; Deheea, 12 50; Imperial, 13. All
prices f.o.b. at common shipping points In Cali
fornia.
NUTS— Chestnuts, 10@m»c pe r n>; Walnnts,
No. 1 softshell, lie; No. 2. 8c; No. 1 hardshell.
10c; No. 2. 7Hc; Almonds, iS&lOc for paper
shell, 11-J12V2O for softshell; Peanuts, 6@6c for
Eastern; Brazil Xuts. 13c; Filberts, 13o; Pecans,
11013c; Cocoanuts, $3 50@5.
HONEY— Comb. UhiQUMc for bright and 12%
£T13c for light amber; water white, extracted,
7*4 @8c; light amber, extracted, 7:<J7V~o; dark, •
S*Hc per lb. ., ,.
BEESWAX-24@26 per lb. .
Dried Fruits, Nuts and Raisins.
35@65c; Tokay. 35@6Sc; Isabella. 75c; Cornichon.
65076c; Wine Grapes, $17 50@22 50 for white.
$20022 50 for Mission and $22®26 per ton for
Ztnfandel. _ .
MELONS— Nutmegs, 50083c per case: Canta
loupes. 75c@$l 50 per crater Watermelons, U&
IS Der 100. • „. „,
CITRUS FRUITS— Seedling Oranges, 10C13JZ:
Valenciac. $1@4; Lemons. $102 for common and
V 50®3 fo«- food to choice: Mexican Limes, na
4 50; Bananas, $1 25® 2 50 per bunch: Pineapples,
jl 50®3 50 per doien.
Barley, ctls 3.133 Quicksilver, Salts S3
Corn, East. ctls. 1,20) i Sugar, bbls yi
Rye. ctls .660!Chicory. bbls 23
Butter, .ctls 112IE)rss. doz 9.099
Cheese, ctls 33! Wine, gals 4S.50O
Tallow, ctls 204 ] Brandy, gals Z.70O
Beans, sks 3,419; Hides. No 509
Potatoes, sks 4.210 i Pelts, bdls 347
Onions, sks 40O.Hops, bales 43
Bran. sks... 123 Straw, tons 49
Middlings, sks... 105jHay. tons _ «R*
Mustard, sks 157 1 Wool, bales S0»
OREGON.
Flour, qr ska 1,122
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, OCTOBER 10, 1900-
LOCAL MARKETS.
Foreign Futures.
California Fruit Sales.
NEW TORK. Oct. 8.— The attention of the
/manclaJ and speculative world remained fixed
to-day on the problems of the international
money market*. XII the world"* great money
centers trcre kept under careful scrutiny to
detect development* which might throw light
New York Stock Market.
EASTERN MARKETS.
WHEAT— Spot No. 2 red Western winter
steady. 6s 3V4d; No. 1 Northern spring steady.
COTTON— Uplands, 6 13-32&
CLOSING.
8
NtlV York Grain and Produce.
NEW YOIIK, Oct. 9.— FLOUR— Receipts, 35.-
CCO barrels; exports, 11,448 barrels; sales, 75S0
packages. Market neglected and easy.
¦WHEAT— Receipts, 332,750 bushels; exports,
22.470 bushels; salts, 2,956,000 bushels futures,
56.000 bushels spot. Spot, weak; No. 2 red,
S(H4c f. o. b. afloat; No. 2 red, 79%c elevator;
No. 1 Northern Duluth, 87c f. o. b. afloat; No.
1 hard Duluth. S0@80V«c f. o. b. afloat.
Options were dull and weak all day, follow
ing renewed declines In the Northwest and In
European markets, foreign selling and email
clearing? and export business and considerable
liquidation for local account, and closed weak
at Tic net decline. Sales Included No. 2 red !
March, 84*i<§SoUc. closed 84%c; May, 84USS5V4C
closed 84Vic; October, closed 79Vic; December
SI 9-16cS82?j,c. closed 81%c.
•HOI'S — Quiet.
Hinrcs-ouiet.
WOOL— Quiet.
COFFEE— Spot Rio quiet: No. 7 invoice. 8«4c;
mild quiet: Cordova, 9%©14c. Futures— Closed
steady st a net Ioes of 10 points. • Total sales,
16.500 bags, including October, $7.20; December
$7.35@7.40: March, S7.C5; May, $7.65@7.70.
SUGAR— Raw steady; fair refining, 4',ic; cen
trifugal. 96 test. 4%c.
BUTTER— Receipts. 6992 packages. Steady;
June creamer}". J7@20c: factory, 13H@16c.
EGGS— Receipts. 808S packages. Firm; West
ern regular packing at mark, 15@lS%c; West
ern, loss oft, 20c.
DRIED FRUITS.
NEW TORK, Oct. 9.— Although the market
was a shade steadier for evaporated apples,
the continued warm weather prevented any
new business of consequence. Common State
are selling at 4©5c; prime. 3»i@5'ic; choice. 5V4
©Cc. and farcy, 6<S6%c. Owing to an Increased
Inquiry from exporters California dried fruits
were firm but quiet at higher prices on the I
basis of 3>/4@8Hc per pound as to size and
quality. Apricots, royal, Uffil4c; Moorparlt.
15(ul6c. Peaches— Peeled, 16Q20c; unpeeled 6
@3c.
New York Metal Market.
NEW YORK, Oct. 9.— The general condition
of the metal market was dull and rather easier.
Ccrrer in London was a little steadier, but
was dull and unchanged here at $16 75017. Ow
ing to the large supply on hand and the slack
| neas in demand the local market for tin de
! veloped weakness nnd was some 50 points lower
than the previous close. Final prices were on
the basis of $28 25JT28 62H- Plglron warrants
and the rest of the Iron list were easier and In
the buyer's favor. Spelter was very dull at
$4 07H©4 12%. and lead dull at $4 37%. The
brokers' price for lead was ?4 and for copper
$1C 87V4. '
I v .n »
Chicago Grain Market.
CHICAGO, Oct. 9.— November wheat opened
at 76%@76 l /4c. and for some time In a dull way
managed to keep above 76%c. Liverpool was
lower and weather In the Northwest favorable
for the moment. More than anything 'else,
however, the market felt the lack of public
speculative interest. Bradntreet's statement of
a decrease in the . world's visible of 736.000
bushel* compared with an increase last year
of B. 022.000 bushels caused a short-lived bul ko
to 77c. This, however, merely Rerved to ac
centuate the ; public apathy and discouraged
bulls sold liberally, November dropping, to 76Hc
and closing weak. %c under yesterday at 76?4c.
¦ Corn was fairly active, but barely steady.
November closed K@%c lower, dosing \i<ij~*c
lower at 37Hc. . ¦
Oats played a thinking part on the specu-President J. H. T. Watkinson of the
Contra Costa Water Company^was charg
ed by Kobert T. Hayne this morning with
belnj a criminal who Fhould be condemn
ed to a cell at San Quentin. The corpora
tion offlcia.1 was severely arraictifd by
the city's counsel, -who in his argument In
the contempt proceedings declared him to
l>e a law breaker, a destroyer of evidence,
a burner of account books and a candi
date for a. felon's cell.
NVarly all day was occupied In the argu
ment as to whether President Watkinson
destroyed the water company'* l>o-.»ks in
contempt of the orders of JaOgm Hart or
whether be ordered them burned several
months before the present suit was com
menced. Attorney Hay no opened and
closed for the city and Attorneys Moore
ai.d llcCutchen defended Mr. Watkinson.
At the conclusion of the argument
Judge Hart announced that his decision
would he handed down to-morrow morn
ir-C at 10 o'clock. "Without further re
tnaxks he jvostponed the case until that
time. President Watkinson will probably
be declared guiltless of contempt on the
contention that he destroyed the books
months before the commencement of the
suit and while in ignorance of the lm
jK>ndiri£r action.
On commencing his argument this
morning Mr. Hayne went directly into the
question of Watklnson's alleged contempt.
He held that the company not only re
fused the city's experts permission to pee
its books hut had destroyed its records
prior to 1S?9. so the city could not secure
evidence as to the valuation of its plant.
"The Contra Costa Water Company
cornea into court," said Hayne. "and saya
that its books were destroyed in May,
1899, long before suit was commenced.
What has it presented to prove the
truth of this statement? Nothing but the
unsworn statement of President Watkin
son to Van Bokkelen and Cran«3all, the
experts. There is no other testimony to
show that these books were not burned
after Jjjdg-e Hart ordered them brought
into court.
"M.r. Watkinson says he destroyed the
accounts. He admits he willfully burned
the water company's books, but he does
not dare to go on the stand and swear
to the truth of his statements to the ex
perts. All we have before us is the un
sworn confession of a man who has de
liberately broken the law and deserves to
be sent to the State's prison.
"It is an unpleasant duty to refer to
Mr. Watkinson In this manner, but a man
who burns books and destroys records
under the conditions that existed when
Mr. Watkinson did so deserves all that
has bern said of him.
"It is rather peculiar that, according to
Mr. Watkinson. the company kept no
¦books for three months between May and
August. 1B99. The records, he said, were
kept on loose sheets and destroyed. The
reason jriven was that there was lack of
room for account books. Think of a great
corporation giving such a lame excuse for
tht- destruction of its records.
"It is a presumption of law tbat when
the records of a corporation are destroyed
it is done for a lrftudulent purpose. Cor
porations are required under the State
law to keep their books open to the pub
lic. It is. therefore, none too strong a
statement to say that this gentleman. Mr.
Watkinson. in burning the records of the
Contra Costa Water Company is a law
breaker."
E. J. McCutchen was the first of the
corporation's counsel to reply. He ar
gued that the burden of proof was on the
city to show that the books were, de
stroyed after the order of court was
nadf. He also contended that there were
no grounds on which President Watkin-
Bon could be punished for contempt.
A. A. Moore also took the stand that
there was nothing to show contempt.
"Did I not explain to your Honor," he
asked of the court, "just after you made
the order directing the production of the
books that most of the accounts had been
destroyed?"
Judpe Hart replied that he had been
told of the burning of some of the books,
but allowed his order to stand neverthe
less.
Hayne stated that he also had been no
tified af the destruction of the books and
was asked to accompany Mr. Moore while
that gentleman notified Judge Hart.
"I told Mr. Moore." said Mr. Hayne,
"that he could tell the Judge anything he
pleased, but that I would not be a party
to any such action."
Mr. Moore referred to Mr. Hayne's ar
gument as a tc-mpest in a teapot, and said
he thought the city's counsel was not
justified in referring to President Wat
kinson as h criminal.
President of Oakland Water
Company Is Grilled by
Judge Hayne.
>
H« Declares That in Burning the
Company's Books Watkinson
Earned a Cell in the
State Prison.
»
Oakland Office Ban Francisco Call,
111S Broadway. Oct. 9.
SAYS WATKINSON
IS A CRIMINAL
SESSION OF CENTRAL
BAPTIST ASSOCIATION
Eleven Churches Represented at the Twen
tieth Meeting of the Organization,
mussen of Lorln. The child was a pupil
of Nichols, and it was alleged that the
principal had chastised him. The case
was dismissed from court on motion of
the prosecuting witness. After investiga
tion by the Board of School Trustees Mr.
Nichols was exonerated.
WILLIB OLSON SHOUTS
SNEERINGLY AT PRINCIPAL
AND IS ARRESTED.
BERKELEY. Oct. 9.— William Olson, '
the 12-year-old schoolboy who
was arrested yesterday for dis
turbing the peace of E. E. Nich- <
ols, principal of the Lorin school,
was arraigned before Justice Robert Ed
gar to-day. The little fellow pleaded not
guilty and his hearing was continued until
Wednesday, November 7.
The causes of the arrest were these:
After dismissing school Mr. Nichols start
ed to catch a car. As he ran up the street
the Olson lad shouted Jeerlngly at him.
Nichols says he is not positive what was
said, but the boy declares he shouted,
"Nichols, Nichols, old fat pickles." How
ever that may be. Mr. Nichols did not
like the tone, and as It was in tne pres
ence of nis pupils he thought it best to
mnkft an example of the boy. He caught
the lad and Carried- him to his office in
thS school and telephoned for the Town
MarshaL That official was not in. so
Nichols let the boy go and got a warrant
la "There are some insulting boys in this
place " said Mr. Nichols, "who need look
lne after I do not believe any man
should be called upon to bear the insults
of a lot of Jeering boys. This was not the
first time that different boys have used*
insulting language toward me. I am not
the only one to complain of this, either.
T am very sorry for the Olson boy. It is
probably his first offense; but as an ex
ample for the others I felt that it was my
duty not to let the matter pass There
are some people who will probably try to
show me fn a bad light in this affair, but
mv motives had nothing of revenge in
them I merely wish to try to stop this
nuisance by making an example of this
°'^I do not know what he shouted at me.
I heard him plainly, but did not under
stand him. I >t am quite positive he did not
8W^o J ung Ols'on was considerably fright
ened at his first experience in court. "I
didn't say anything very much to him,"
said the boy. "I Just said, 'Nichols, Nich
ols, old fat pkiklee.' I didn't mean any
The' boy has been- released on his own
recognizance. The result of his trial will
depend principally on his behavior be
tween now and then. He has a reputation
of being an unusually bright boy. He at
tends the Peralta public school and re
sides with his mother at 6510 Raymond
8 About six months ago Mr. Nichols was
arrested for battery on a son of P. Ras-
LITTLE WILLIE CALLS OUT
"NICHOLS, OLD FAT PICKLES!"
The School Principal, His Dignity Muchly
Jarred, Has the Boy Arrested. '
After the appointments were made the
Civil Service Commission, which had not
been consulted in the deal, appeared upon
the scene. Freud and Quinn voiced a pro
test against the violation -of the charter
that could be heard throughout the con
flm-s of the City Hall. They threatened
all sorts of things if a requisition was not
made Immediately for ten clerks from the
eligible list. Phelan made his usual spe
cious arguments, that serve when he is
making an attempt to evade the charter,
but the commission was obdurate. The
result was that we ten clerks were dis
missed yesterday, by Tax Collector Scott
and they were replaced by ten men who
THAT Mayor Phelan is not a firm
supporter on all occasions of the
civil service clause in the charter
is demonstrated from the illegal
manner in which ten extra clerks
were appointed in Tax Collector Bcott's
office on October 1 last. Scott was author
ized by the Board of Supervisors to ap
point the clerks on the recommendation
of his Honor. With Phelan's full consent
Scott appointed ten men who ¦were not on
the civil service eligible list of ordinary
clerks. It Is said that some of the clerks
so appointed are members of the Demo
cratic organization, which accounts for
the Mayor being a party to the Illegal
proceeding. The names of the ten clerks
follow: C. Conway, J. A. Mocran, W. K.
Owens, T. J. Lenehan, H. C. McGuIre, E.
W. Blgelow, P. Rodcers. W. E. Boody,
D. F Maher and F. T. McGinney.
Deputy Tax Collector Salomon, In the
absence of his superior, stated that the
clerks in the tax office had no interest In
the litiKat Ion, as the result of the 'ex
amination had not yet been announced.
Sheriff Lackmann said he would not
contribute one cent to the movement, and
was unaware that any of his deputies
were in the scheme.
Assessor Dodge was equally as em
phatic in his denial of any connection with
the latest attack on the commission's
powers. ¦
The copyists in the County Clerk's of
fice who were superseded are: Thomas L
Doran, John B. Reilly, D. C. Van Nos
trand. J. V. Harrison, P. W. Lannon, P.
A. McGushin, John Houston, Frank
Myers, Oscar Herold, Andrew Harrlgan
and Joseph McAuliffe.
"My fight on that question," said Re
corder Godchaux, "Is over. I take the
stand that the commission should have
been ready to certify to a list of eligibles
for all offices on January 8, as provided
by the charter. Had it. not been so dila
tory all this trouble would not have oc
curred. The charter provides that the
commission shall be appointed by the
Mayor Immediately after the result of the
election is known."
All kinds of rumors are floating around
the City Hall as to the Interests behind
the latest attack on the charter. Record
er Godchaux, Sheriff Lackmann, County
Clerk Deane and Assessor Dodge disclaim
any connection with the litigation that
has been inaugurated.
Mayor Phelan Aids in Illegal Appointments.
Commission RightsAVTong.
were certified by the commission for the
positions.
EVADES THE RULES
OF THE CIVIL SERVICE
NEVADA CITY, Oct. 9.— As the result
of a blaat hanging fire in the Mountaineer
mine to-night William Thomas was killed
and George Goldworthy seriously Injured.
• ¦ -
REDWOOD CITY, Oct. 9.— The banquet
hall of the Capitol Hotel was the scene of
merrymaking and feasting to-night, the
occasion being the annual banquet of the
Druggists' Association of San Mateo
County.. •
A. D Walsh acted as toastmaster and
the following toasts were lesponded to:
"Our Association." Peter Meyer: "Phy
sicians and Pharmacists," Dr. Samuels;
"Lady Pharmacist," M. E. Selzer; "Im
perialism and Trusts," Dr. J. L. Ross;
"Pharmacists and Physicians." C. E.
Morse; "The Ladles." Dr. W. M. Barret;
"Tribulations of Retail Druggists," B. F.
Hall.. -, _ V
Miner Loses His Life.
County Association.
Annual Banquet of. the San Mateo
DRUGGISTS TVrATTn MERRY.
Killed* by an Electric Car.
STOCKTON, Oct. 9.— Philip Kramm, an
old resident 1 of .this city, was run Into by
an electric car this morning, receiving In
juries from which he died a few minutes
after being removed to St. Joseph's Home,
near the scene of the accident. Both legs
were terribly mangled and he sustained
severe injuries : about the head. Kramm
was raking rocks out of the -. road .. and
Btepped to one side to get out of the way
of a sprinkling wagon. He did not notice
the approaching car and stepped upon the
track directly in front of it. He leaves a
wife and three sons. .
Special Dir-patch to The Call.
REDWOOD CITY. Oct. 9.— The ladies of
Mount Carroel Catholic Church are mak
ing extensive preparations for their fair,
which will open at this place to-morrow
night. Ready hands are at work trans
forming Germanla Hall into a place of
beauty. The country Is being canvassed
for flowers and greens.
Congressman Julius Kahn will open tho
festivities. He will be introduced by Judga
George H. Buck. Mrs. A. Hanson and
Miss L. Hadler have charge of the musi
cal programme, one feature of which will
be the appearance of the orchestra of the
Convent of Notre Dame of this place. A
number of tables and booths are being
fitted up.
One of the features of the fair will bo
a Supervisorial voting contest, those con
testing being Li J. Frank, the Democratic
candidate: M. J. Kinne. Republican, and
P. H. McEvoy, independent. To the win
ner, Will be given a gold headed cane, a
present from Senator James D.' Byrnes of
J3an Mateo. ¦ . -
Entertain.
CARMEL CHURCH FAIR.
Catholic Ladies of Redwood City Will
Court to-day a civil suit was filed to an
nul a deed of transfer conveying certain
property from Herman Pause to Hedwig,
his wife. Back of the suit Is a tale- of
alienated affections. Some time ago
Pause and his wife resided upon a ranch
near here, the property of Pause, which
he, on his wife's solicitation, transferred
to her. Later J. Franck appeared upon
the scene, was smitten with Mrs. Pause's
charms and. it is said, wrote a letter to
Pause offering him $10,000 for his wife,
signing it "yours respectfully."
Pause declined, but It appears from his
allegations that the proposition was not
altogether disagreeable to Mrs. Pause, for
she transferred her effects to the home of
Franck and also took with her a gun and
pistol belonging to her husband, for which
latter offense she Is charged with petty
larceny. ' - .
When a Lover's $10,000 Bid Is Re
fused, the Woman Leaves Her
Home for Him.
LOS ANGELES, Oct. 9.— In the Superior
OFFER'S A FORTtTNE
FOR ANOTHER'S WUTE
Special Dispatch to The Call.
LOS ANGELES, Oct. 9.— Xot even on
the day of Us dedication did the new
Church of the Unity present a more at
tractive appearance than this morning,
when several hundred bright, earnest
women gathered in its pretty auditorium
to compare notes as to what the women's
clubs of Southern California are doing.
Every club had selected one from among
its members to represent It jat this the
ninth annual session of the Women's
Parliament of Southern California, and
the natural result Is a gathering of women
who are well known for their endeavors
in the uplifting of humanity in general
and tho advancement of womankind in
particular. ..- . .
The Interior of the church had been dec
orated with cosmos and foliage .and the
effect was that of an appropriate setting
for the pleasant picture presented by offi
cers and audience. Mrs. M. M. Murphy,
the president of the parliament, called the
meeting to order at 10 o'clock, and then
followed an invocation by Mrs. Anna 8.
Averill of Los Angeles. Reports of the
delegates were heard, and Miss Caroline
M. Severance, the founder of the New
Knglaud Woman's Club, the first organ
ization of the kind ever started in Amer
ica, made a brief address of welcome to
the delegates.
The clubs represented are: The Covina
Club, Pioneer of San Francisco, Women's
Christian Temperance Union of Pasadena,
Friday Afternoon of Downey, Monlta,
Shakespeare, Wednesday Afternoon of
Alhambra, Women's Press Club, Los An
geles Free Kindergarten, Orphans' Homo
of Los Angeles, San Diego Women's Club,
Coterie of Santa Monica, Averill-Shake
speare of Los Angeles. Shakespeare of
Pasadena, Saturday Afternoon of Mon
rovia, West End Culture of Los Angeles,
Nineteenth Century of Pasadena, Wednes
day Morning of Los Angeles. Knell. Rus
kin Art of Los Angeles. Women's" Club of
Santa Ana, Ideal of Orange, Federated
Mothers of Los Angeles.
Mrs. Lou V. Chapin was the principal
speaker of tho afternoon. The parliament
will continue throughout to-morrow.
Luncheon is served at the noon hour by
the ladies of Unity Church.
Representatives of Many Clubs in
Convention to Plan for the Ad
vancement of Their
Sex.
SOUTHLAND WOMEN
HOLD A PARLIAMENT
Justice Morris" decision consisted of a
review of a large part of MacHae's testi
mony. He introduced his remarks by say
ing that he did not consider the evidence
sufficient to support a murder charge.
Justice Morris said:
"The men MacKae attempted to arrest
were guilty at most of a misdemeanor,
and to shoot them was doing something
in excess of authority. To establish self.
defense it would have to be proved that
Brown and his companions, were commit
ting a felony at the time of the shooting."
Justice Morris held that MacRae could
never have run a block between the
wheels of the buggy without falling down.
In concluding his decision the Justice
said:
"The evidence shows beyond doubt that
the defendant arrested these young men
for a misdemeanor and that they got
away from him, and in order to stop them
he did shoot at them and killed Brown.
He Bald he had visions and didn't know
where he was at.
"It is well settled that a police officer
cannot shoot a person fleeing from an ar
rest for the commission of a misdemeanor.
"I feel it Is my duty to refer the matter
to the Superior Court that a jury should
pass upon this question.
"It appearing to me that the offense of
manslaughter has been committed and
that there is sufficient cause to believe the
defendant guilty thereof, I order that he
be held to answer and committed to the
Sheriff of the county of Alameda and that
he be admitted to bail in the sum of
$5000." f . ¦
MacRae had no trouble securing the
necessary bail and was immediately re
leased. MacRae's mother and the mother
and sister of Myron Brown were present
in the courtroom when Justice Morris
read his decision.
ALAMEDA, Oct. 9.— Manslaughter Is the
charge that Policeman George MacRae,
who shot Myron Brown, will have to an
swer before the Superior Court, Justice
of the Peace Morris rendered a decision
this afternoon in which he stated that he
felt it his duty to bind MacRae over. The
decision came in the nature of a surprise
to the policeman, as he fully expected to
be released.
Justice Morris Did Not Think the
Evidence Was Sufficient to
Support a Murder
Charge.
Officer MacRae to Answer
for the Killing of Myron
Browa.
FACES A CHARGE
OF MANSLAUGHTER
The men were received at the prison on
November 14 last to serve terms of twenty
and twenty-two months, respectively.
They were convicted of having stopped a
mall ca.r near Moscow. Idaho, during the
late miners' troubles In that section.
Warden Aguirre cannot release prison
ers on telegrams. It Is expected that or
ders for their release will come in a day
or so \ ¦':-¦
Warden of the State Penitentiary at San
Quentin: Order of court haa been entered com
manding you to Immediately release Dennis
O'llourke. C. H. Burrls, Edward Alliinola,
Louis Salla, Henry Maronl, John Luclnetta,
Arthur Wallace. P. F. CDonnell. Mike Mulvey,
Franclg and Kutler. A. L. RICHARDSON,
U. S. DUtrlct Court, District of Idaho.
SAN RAFAEL, Oct. 9.— Warden Afnilrr*
of San Quentin Prison to-day received
the following telegram from Boise, Idaho:
rnai Order by Mail.
STRIKERS NOT YET FREED.
San Quentin's Warden Awaits For-
• SANTA BARBARA. Oct. 9.— The gun
boat Ranger, the battleship Iowa and the
cruiser Philadelphia arrived here to-day..
Warships at Santa' Barbara.
SALT LAKE, Oct. 9.— The annual meet
ing of the stockholders of the Union Pa
cific Railroad Company for the election
of directors was held in this city to-day
George Q. Cannon" presided. There were
no changes, the following: directors belntr
re-elected: Oliver Ames, Horace G, Burt
George Q, Cannon, T. Jefferson Coolidge
Jr., John W. Doane. Louis Fitzgerald
George J. oould. Edward H. Harriman'
Marvin HuKhltt. James H. Hyde Otto H
Kahn, Roswell Miller, Winslow S. Pierce'
Jacob H. Schiff and James Stillman. No
other business of importance was trans
acted.
Directorate.
Stockholders Make No Change in the
UNION PACIFIC ELECTION.
COLTOX. Oct. 9.— William Klar. a paint
er, was Instantly killed by coming Into
contact with a live electric wire at the
California Portland Cement Works this
afternoon.
Killed by a Live Wire.
SAN BERNARDINO, Oct. *9.— Nels
Vaughn" tried to commit suicide- on the
street at 8 o'clock this evening in the
presence of hundreds of people. He fired
four shots without drawing blood. Vaughn
was Intoxicated.
Falls to Commit Suicide.
STANFORD UNIVERSITY, Oct. ».—
The young ladles of the senior class at
Stanford will appear soon at classes In
the classic gown; but .'n place of the
mortar board they have' adopted the
Spanish sombrero. In the matter of
headwear they have followed the ex
ample set by the- men last year, who con
sidered this style especially adapted to
the- mission architecture of the college
buildings.
Class Young Ladies at Stanford.
New Headgear Adopted by Senior
SOMBREROS FOB CO-EDS.
The crew of the barge J. B. Mufrhead
of the Pioneer Rowing Club, which, won
the senior barge championship at the an
nual regatta on September 9. were enter
tained on Monday evening at a banquet
by Mrs. J. B. Muirhead, In memory of
whose late husband the boat was named.
The banquet was presided over by /T. ! J.
Flynn, editor of The Wasp, and was
graced by the presence of Mrs. J. B.
Muirhead and her sister. Among thoso
present were Judge C. A. Slack. 'J. R.
Bockman, ex-president of the Pacific As
sociation of the Amateur Athletic- Union:
Henry Peterson, the sculler; J. II. Sulli
van. J. Brennan, T. Sands and Arthur
Inkersley. m
During the evening Mrs. J. B. Jtfuirheart
presented to each member of the" winning
barge crew a gold button as a souvenir of
the event. She also announced that a
new shell and other rowing paraphernalia
that belonged to her husband would be
disposed of. the proceeds to form the nu
cleus of a fund for the purchase of a sil
ver cup. to be contended for at each an
nual regatta.
Oarsmen Are Banqueted.
The Royal stakes, a sweepstakes of 200
sovereigns each, was won by P. Lnril
lard's Democrata. ridden by L. Reiff.
beating Arthur James' Duck.
A welter handicap of 5 sovereigns each,
with 200 sovereigns added, was won by
Sir E. Cassel'a Sonatura, with Jenkins in
the saddle. The second place was cap
tured by J. B. Leigh's Stealaway. with
Tod Sloan up, and Lord William Berps
ford's Myakka came In third, Johnny
Reiff having the mount.
A selling plate of 100 sovereigns for two
year-olds and upward was won by Mr.
Gardner's Irish Free, on which Sloan had
the mount. Mr. Duke's Chon Klna. rid
den by RIgby, ran second, and J. A.
Drake s Belamphlon, with L. Reiff In the
saddle, was third.
The Clearwell stakes, of 30 sovereigns
each, with 200 sovereigns added, was won
by P. Lorillard's Exodo. guided by Danny
Maher.
LONDON, Oct. 0.— At the Newmarket
second October meeting to-day the Cham
pion stakes, of 50 sovereigns each, with
1000 sovereigns added, was won by Sir E.
Cassel's Solitaire, ridden by Lester Reiff.
AMERICAN JOCKEYS LEAD.
OAKLAND, Oct. 9.— Miss Mae Brit
ton cf Oakland has no desire to
pose aa a heroine before the pub
lic, especially in view of the fact
that she was Quietly pursuing
her duty of caring for the sick at St.
Winfred's HoBpital, in San Francisco,
at the time she Is reported to have
been saving the life of a young man
from the waters of the bay of San Fran
cisco. The story of her supposed act
gained some notoriety in the public prints,
and since that time the young lady has
found herself annoyed by a constant
stream of letters from both^>trangers and
friends. Some of her friends wanted to
compliment her upon her splendid cour
age, and some of the strangers wanted
to see if they could not offer themselves
as objects upon which she might practice
some of her heroism.
This has become bo annoying to the
young lady that she has decided to tell
the public that she Is not a heroine; that
she did not go rowing with Arthur Kim
ball one week ago last Sunday; that the
boat was not overturned and that she did
So Oakland ,has produced one young
lady who does not want any false honors
and who wants to be tnought just what
she Is, with no credit for something that
never happened. -,
*'I was In San Francisco at the time
that all this Is. said to have happened,
and this has placed me in a rather em
barrassing position.' I did not go rowing
with Arthur Kimball, nor any one else,
and would hardly do so without a party
or a chaperone. I. am Just a plain, or
dinary young woman, and not a heroine,
and I am a trifle tired of having the laugh
turned upon me with that kind of a joke.
I want no false colors about me."
"I have no desire to rose as a heroine
in this or any other community," said
Miss Britton. "I have no desire to have
any honors showered upon me. nor to re
ceive any medals or laurel wreaths for an
act that never occurred. Incidentally. I
would like that some of my good friends
who are congratulating me upon having
saved a life do not write too many letters
upon that subject.
not save Arthur Klmball from a wate
grave; all for the simple reason that,
the time, she was quietly working amo:
the sick in San Francisco, and nothing
the kind ever occurred.
WHILE NURSING A PATIENT IN A SAN FRANCISCO HOSPITAL MISS
-BRITTON WAS CREDITED WITH GOING SAILING AND MAKING A
SENSATIONAL RESCUE. NOTORIETY TO WHICH SHE OBJECTS.
The Forty-fourth Assembly restrict
Julius Kahn Club was organized at ."»tl
Montgomery avenue last night wih a
membership of 1C
Another Kahn Club.
The Forty-first District Republicans will
have a meeting at Tilton Hall. Union
street, between Cough and Octavla. to
night at 8 o'clock. Congressman Loud
and other speakers will be present:
Congressman Loud to Speak.
Samuel M. Shortridge. wh^o tloawt
speeches In various parts of the Stat«
have been a feature of the campaiirn. .-.
scheduled to speak at Napa to-night, at
Berkeley Friday night and at Sacramento
Saturday night.
Shortridge's Itinerary.
"I can assure you that we will need every
vnte of a solid delegation from your Stat« in
order to organize the next House. I <1o not
want you to think that this is "talk." for this
Is the hardest proposition this committee ha3
ever been up against, and I have been chairman
for the past eight years and kn>w previous
conditions well. The President can be elect-.!
by a larpe majority and still the Democrat*
control the House: In fact, our frter.d Jim
Richardson figures himself as already electe.1
Speaker."
Let no Republican then, by reason of per
sonal friendship, pride of location or any other
consideration, vote for any candidate for Con
gress other than the Republican nomine-. This
Is a strictly political position. Moreover, the
administration will be Republican, and a Re
publican Representative therefore can b» of
greater service to his district and State than
could be one of the opposite party. I am.
most sincerely yours.
VICTOR H. METCALF.
The Member for California of National Repub
lican Congressional Committee, 1004 Broad
way. Oakland, Cat.
Also the following from a personal letter of
more recent date from Representative A. W.
Babcock. chairman of the Republican Con
gressional Committee:
"In other words, the world would have cause
for alarm, and the American laborer, farmer
and business man would pny the penalty."
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
HIS Broadway. Oct. 9.
Congressman Victor II. Mercalf. who Is
the California member of the National
Republican Congressional Committee, has
Issued a strong letter to the Republican
voters of the State. He ur^fs the sup
port of the Republican candlrtatt-s for
Congress as well as the support of Wil
liam McKinley for President. The letter
is as follows:
OAKLAND, Cat., October S, 190»>.
With the aid of a few stanch Republican
friends here In Oakland I have b#en enable,). ., ,
the member fop California of the National Re
publican Conicreiisi' inal Committee, to opeif an«l
rqulp thpse headquarters with the view of at<!
lnic. in some degree at least, in the all-impor
tant work of securing a solid delegation u
Conifrem from California.
The importance of eleetlnjr this year every
Republican nominee for Congress from Califor
nia cannot be overestimated. On this point th«
following extract from a personal letter of re
cent date to me from II. II. Hanna. chairman
of the executive committee of the Incllana&>ull»
Monetary Convention, is significant:
"Thta organization is planning for aggressive
work In the campaign. The Kansa3 City plat
form boldly Inclutlea an assault upon the gold
standard law and upon the national banks.
'"There is perhap* no very serious <loubt of
the election of McKinley, but unless th«rre la a
very great and wise battle made ther? is se
rious danger of lors to the enemy of the lower
house of Congress. In such event, they wouiii
without doubt In the House record a vote re
pealing the gold standard law and establishing
the free and unlimited coinage of sliver at the
ratio of 16 to 1. The Senate would not pass if.
but the irer* action of the Mouse would un«l.»
largely the present splendid credit at home and
abroad.
Says That the Election of McKinley
Is Assured and Republican Con
gressmen Must Be Elected
to Support Him.
Victor H. lletcalf . Issues a
Very Strong Letter to
t Voters.
URGES SUPPORT
OF CONGRESSMEN
THE SAN FRAKglSCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, OCTOBER 10, 1900.
Miss Mae Britton Did- Not Save a Man's
Life' and Wants No False Praise.
YOUNG LADY WHO DOES
NOT POSE AS A HEROINE
TWO PROMINENT MEMBERS OF THE CENTRAL. BAPTIST ASSOCXAV
TTON WHICH IS NOW HOLDING ITS TWENTIETH ANNUAL. SES
SION ACROSS THE BAY. 7
ALAMEDA, October 9.— The Alameda
session of the Teachers' Institute was held
this afternoon and morning in the First
Unitarian Church. The session was pre
sided over by Charles C. Hughes, super
intendent of the Alameda public schools.
Professor C. A. Duniway of the Stanford
University delivered an address during
the morning session, his subject being
"Anti-slavery Measures Caused by the
American Civil War." Following Profes
sor Dunlway's address Dr. Stratton of the
University of California lectured on "The
Growth of the Mind." During the noon
hour lunch was served to the visitors by
the ladies of Unity Circle, assisted by
members of the local School Department.
At the lunch brief remarks were made by
Charles C. Hughes, Professor Duniway
and Superintendent McClynionds of Oak
land. The afternoon session was taken
up bv Professor Duniway, who lectured
on "Politics and Government During the
American Civil War."
Alameda Session of Teachers.
The session will continue to-morrow and
Thursday afternoon and evening, when
various religious topics and church busi
ness will be discussed.
Golden Gate Baptist Church — Rev. S. R.
Stephens. Rev. S. C. Keetch. Mrs. Keetch, Mrs.
M. Case, Mrs. D. Anderson, Mrs. L. Stephens.
The evening session commenced with de
votional services, after which came a plat
form meeting, the subject of which was
"Evangelism." Four fifteen-minute ad
dresses were made by Rev. C. H. Hobart,
Henry A. Fiske. David Baldwin and S.
J. Nunn. . .
Rev. W. C. Jenkins. David Sawtelle. G. A.
Case. Mrs. S. E. Featherstone. Mrs. M. Sem-
Pe>.
Twenty- third Avenue Bactlst Church, East
Oakland— Rev. E. K. Bennett. Dr. T. B.
Holmes. Rev. J. E. Sanders*. R. M. Davidson,
Mrs. James Wilson, Mrs. Xellle Brink, Alex
T. Glfford-, Mrs. R. Hassard, Mrs. E. R. Ben
nett. '
First Baptist Church. Berkeley— Rev. R. L.
Halsey. F. F. Brady. A. B. Pierce. Dr. W.
P. Boynton.
Tenth Avenue Baptist Church, East Oakland
-C. M. Hill, D.D.. H. D. White. Mrs. M. A.
Stratton, Mrs. M. D. Jess. Mrs. J. Sunderland,
Mrs. Charles Gardner, J. M. Pruett. Mrs. Mary
E. Hi'ls. Ralrh Pruett.
Cer^s Baptist Church — Rev. J. M. Halsey,
Frank XV. Reed. Mrs. J. M. Reed. Miss Flor
ence Welsh. Mls3 Amelia Whitmore, Mrs. J.
M. Halsey.
First Baptist Church. Oakland— Rev. C. H.
Hobart, Mrs. C. H. Hobart, Mrs. Matilda
Brown, John L. Lyon, Mrs. Mary Lyon, O. A.
Lane. Mrs. Kurr Jennings, Mrs. C. B. Chan
nel. Rev. W. E. Adams.
Petitions in Insolvency were filed in the
United States District Court yesterday as
follow: John Anderson, mechanic. Brigh
ton. Sacramento County, debts $84155. as
sets $97 W: William H. Graves, railway
train brakeman. Berkeley, debts $242 05,
assets non<»: John Ristrem. carpenter,
Oakland, debts $,772, assets $200.
Tlire* Insolvencies.
OAKLAND, Oct. 9.— Marriage licenses
were iFpue-l to-day to Jur-ob Alonzo West,
46 years of age, and Milile Halleck Judd.
30. both of Ileulah; Nieoli Rlzzo. 34. and
Joeie Esposito, 25. both of Oakland; An
tone Bajuk, 28. San Francisco, and Annie
Cocevar. 23. Alameda; Thomas Hackett.
22. and Ida Bianrhl. 20. both of San Fran
cisco; Will Thomas Montgomery, 37,
Mountain View, and Georgie L. M. Car
roll. 24. Alameda.
Licensed to MArry.
ALAMEDA, Oct. 9. — TJiere was a '
large representation! of Baptist
ministers and laymen present
when the twentieth annual ses
sion of the Central Baptist Asso
ciation was called to order this afternoon
at the First Baptist Church by President
Z. X. Goldsby. Eleven churches were rep
resented by delegates.
In the afternoon the session commenced
with a prayer by Rev. R. L. Halsey of
Berkeley, followed by a Scripture read
ins by Rev. E. R. Bennett. The fol
lowing committees were appointed by the ;
chair: Arrangements— Dr. Thomas Bald
win, Rev. C. H. Hobart, Rev. R. L. Hal
sey. Nominations— David Sawtelle, Rev.
W. E. Adams. Rev. J. M. Pruitt. Enroll
ment — Dr. Davidson, Dr. Bradley, M. R.
Vining.
The annual sermon was delivered by
Rev. C. H. Hobart, whose subject was
"Lost Arts In Religion."
"There are many instances of a falling
away from the church and its creed,"
said Dr. Hobart. "There are many arts
in religion that are lost to the people of
to-day. Conviction of sin Is In a large
measure a lost art in religion. Mankind
these days has a decidedly good opinion
of itself. The saddest thing about human
nature Is its self-complacency. Compre
hension of sin comes through a vision of
God. Until the vision of God comes to
you your sin remains as in a deep, black
chasm."
Following Dr. Hobart's sermon came the
address of welcome by the Rev. Dr. S. A.
Taft. In a few chosen words Dr. Taft
welcomed the delegates to the First Bap
tist Church.
The report of the nominating committee
was read, recommending the same officers
who have served during the past year for
election for the ensuing term. The officers
are: Z. X. Goldsby, president; Rev. S. C.
Keetch, secretary; G. W. Fraser, treas
urer. *
The enrollment committee reported the
delegates present from the various
churches to be as follows:
First Swedish BaptUt Church. Oakland— Rev.
A. N. Raokland. Oui>tav Gustapson, Miss Klna
Kasatrom, Julia Johnson.
WatTfonJ BaptUt Church— Mrs. E. C. Dallas.
Flrot Danish Baptist . Church, Oakland— Rev.
R. Chrlstoplwn.
First Bartlst Church, Alameda— Rev. Thomas
Baldwin. Mrs. Konant. Mrs. Barrett, J. A.
Ward. Rev. Dr. S. A. Taft. Mrs. E. C. Hovey.
Hamilton Square Baptist Church, Oakland—
it
3
C
9
POSTUM CEREAJL
ADVERTISEMENTS.
NEW YORK, Oct. 9.— It if announced that
the National City Bank haa engaged 1,000,000
francs for Import from Parts.
You have become free from the break-
ing down force of coffee, and, on the
other hsnd. you are taking a powerful,
noi:rifhmg liquid food which quickly re-
builds the new cells. These are facts —
profound facts, ready for any one to
prove to their own satisfaction by actual
t:se. Postum Food Coffee is made at the
famous pure food factories of the Postum
Cereal Co.. Ltd.. Battle Creek. Mich.,
and is t:sed by brain workers all over
the world. Don't call it a "substitute"*
for coffee: leave out the coffee proposi-
tion altogether. Postum is a liquid food
and a true food drink
Frequently it first shows in dyspepsia,
lack of power of the bowels to operate
properly, or palpitation of the heart or
some other lack of vitality and healthy
vigor. There is but one thing for a sen-
sibie man or woman to do — quit coffee
absolutely. "Hard to do," you say.
Take up Postum Food Coffee, use it
regularly, have it well made, so it
tastes good. You will find a well de-
fined, unmistakable change in your
health, and there is a reason for it.
This breaking down of the little cells
each day, from brain work alone, is a
natural process, and the cells can readily
be built from the riffht sort of food, if
the system is not interfered with by
druffs, but if an increased amount of
cells are broken down by the use of
coffee, trouble then begins.
The fine, miscroscopic particles of
phosphate of potash are found in quan-
tities in the pores of the skin after the
brain has been used actively. This must
be replaced from food, or brain fag and
nervous prostration sets in.
Any brain worker that depends on
thought for his success in life uses up
daily, by brain work, a varying amount
of the delicate particles of phosphate of
potash and albumen of which the brain
and nerve centers are composed.
And Watch It Carefully.
WATCH COFFEE
The remedy haa a peculiarly *rateful
effect of warmth and seems to act direct
to the desired location, giving strength
and development just where it ta needed.
It cures all the ills and troubles that coma
from years of misuse of the natural func-
tions and has been an absolute success In
all cases. A request to the State Medical
Institute. Elektron building. Fort
"Wayne. Ind.. stating that you desire one
of their free trial packages, will be com-
plied with promptly. The Institute is de-
sirous of reaching that great class of men
who are unable to leave home to be treat-
ed, and the free sample will enable them
to «ee how easy It Is to be cured of sex-
ual weakness wh«n the proper remedies
are employed. The Institute makes no re-
strictions. Any man who writes will be
aent a free sample, carefully sealed In a
plain package, so that its recipient need
have no fear of embarrassment or pub-
licity. Readers are requested to writ*
without delay.
5*r*# trial pnekaires of a most remarka-
ble remedy ar* being mailed to all who
will write the State Medical Institute.
They cured so many men who had bat-
tled for years against the mental and
physical suffering of lost manhood tha*
the Institute has decided to distribute
free trial packages to all who write. It
Is a home treatment, and all men who
Buffer from any form of sexual weakness
reaulting from youthful folly, premature
loss of strength and memory, weak back,
varlcocele or emaciation of parts can now
cure themselves at home.
to All Who Write.
A Free Trial Pnckajre Sent by Mall
Quickly Restores Lost Vigor
to Hen.
A Most Remarkable Remedy That
SENT FREE TO MEN !THE SAN FKANCISCU CAliL, WEDJM^SIJAY, UCTOJ5EK 10, izryxy.
10
SAX FRANCISCO CALL.
BUSINESS OFFTCH of The Saa PTaaeiaoo
Call, corner-cf Market an_ Third »treeti, open
until 12 o'clock every night In the year.
BRANCH OFFICES— £57 Montromery street,
corner Clar: open until »:S0 p. m.
£00 Harea street; open until t:33 p. m.
CSS McAllister street; cpen until 9:30 p. m.
CIS Larkin street; cpen until 9:39 p. m.
1T-41 Missies, street; open until 10 p. m.
2261 Market a*r-«t. corner Sixteenth; cpen
until S p. m. -
ICC Eleventh ttreet; epea until I p. tn.
1CS6 Valc-cla street; open until t p. xn.
Northwest corner Twenty-second ' an4 Ken-
tudcy gt— wts; cpen until 9 p. m. '
MEKTIXG SOTICES.
IELAM Temple. .Mystlo Shrine, $^&_<»-<T^
Golden Gate Hall. 625 Sut- 4FQg5&^
ter et. — Regular meeting THIS moL _»
(WEDNESDAY! EVENING at >f_&S>lir
£ o'clock for business and cere- /#S^\
monies. All Nobles cordially /// \]
Invited. By order of the III. vl M
Potentate. *^
IiXKAM T. CRAVES.
Recorder.
CROCKETT LODGE XO. 1J9. F. and A. ¦
M.— D. _rt THIS ¦ EVENING". Oct. W.
et T:3C ©'elc-ok. By order of the IV. M. T\J\
H. FORTRIEDE. Secretary. /
MISSION LODGE NO. 16», F. and A. a
M.-CaUed meeting. THIS (WEDNES-
DAT) EVT-NENG at 7:S0 o'clock.
ond degre— * '
GEOROE D. FT-A.CK. Seo-tary.
riD___rrr lodge no. ca, x. o. «rfa_3_v
O. F.— Bret-en axe requited to
_tte_S the funeral of our late
Brother JOB ADAMS. THUES- "y«7»V»>
DAT. I Pl xn.. L O. O. F. HalL
WILLIAM B. CURTIS. N. O.
__. R. B. WILL meet at thetr hall. _f
HE Mission St., THIS fWEDXES- 4 Xts
DAT) EVENING. October 10. Im- *«» r _£-
portaat business. PRESIDENT. y8h»C<f
JiASTER Mariners' Benevolent A*so- ¦__««*_¦
claiion— Epec'.jU meeting will be held '¦ ' "T JZ*
at hall, K9 Poet et.. WEDNESDAY,
October 10, at 12 m. All members
are recuested to be present for the purpose
of attenfllnir the funwat of our deceased
brother. WILLIAM FREDERICK MUNDER.
By orfiw r of the president.
L. TRAUNG. Recorglrg Secretary.
ANNTAL MEETING— Regular annual meet-
lar or stockholder- of the KILAUEA SI. GAR
PLANTATION CO. will t>e held at the of-
fioe of the conirany. No. ZT. Maricet St.. San
Fra_cisco. California, on WEDNESDAY,
the 24th <!_y of October, 1300. at 11 o'clock
_ m.. for the purpose of electing a boerd
of airecto— s to e#— .e for the er.EUing- year,
fend the transaction of such other business ea
may come before the meeting. Transfer books
close oa Saturday, Oetch»r IX, at 12 o'clock m.
E. H. fHELDON. Secretary.
~ AGENTS -•AXTED^
VANTT_D— At or.ee. partner with >3000 cash;
this 1* an cxc!_ ;lvt business; co competition;
cood money from the start: will bear Investi-
gation; call In person. HERRICK. 1417 Brush
st.. Oakland.
TO handle Ilobineon'e Thermal Bath Cabinet.
Pacific Ager.ts Supply Co.. 3461 Eighteenth gt.
AGENTS of ability and experience in life lnsur-
¦nce. Call at room 101. £97 Market, cor Sixth.
ASPHALTLM ROOF1XG.
3. PELTIER, asphalt roofing, sidewalks; cellar
floors laid, repaired: postal. 11*8 Mission et.
ASTROLOGY.
ERNEST B. GREEN positively proves the stars
rule your fate. 18C« Market st.. second floor.
MME. HICKET— Astrolopist; horoFcop*-s. 50c;
card, reading end palmistry, tic. 1S33 Mission.
DR. C. T. TAYLOR, scientific astrologer, com-
putes horoscopes by Ptolemy method. T65 Mkt.
~ ATTOItXEYS AT LAW.
H. W. KING, attorney at law. 527 Market at.,
room C27 — EEtaies. damages, attachments,
bankruptcy, collections; all cases; fair fees;
no advance charges; money loaned on estates.
ADVICE tree; divorce law a specialty; private;
rio fee without success; collections. G. W.
HOWE, atty at law. hio Market, cor. Stockton.
FREE advice; divorce laws, damages, estates,
collections. J. A. Mitchell. 214 Montgomery.
ADVICE free; no charge unless successful. W.
W. Davidson. fi7 Market St.. cpp. Mason.
_.. 6. CLARK. Emma Epredcels bldg.. 827 Mar-
ket et.: cor.suitatlcn free: no fees In advance.
BATH CABINETS. ~~
31OBINSON 15, 4-panel folding; floor opens: firm
and eafe. W. E. BROWX. gen, art.. 416 Ellis.
DOARDCVO FOR CHILDREN.
C^TiMAN lady withes infant babies to board;
good references. *2S Minna at.
BUSINESS CIIAACES.
att^tTonT^Staurant mesm
A— $7000; eal« ¦with long lease, close to Mar-
ket and Powell sts.; surrounded by theaters.
_nd doing a rushing business; customers and
prlcea first class; private dining rooms, with
ladies' entrances; elckneit compela owner to
leave the city. Partlculara B. G. WILKE.
26'i Kearny st.
A— PARTT wanted In manufacturing business;
patented article; to be ueed in every house-
hold; large profits and immense sales In eight;
a rare business tropositlon. Particulars R,
G. WtLKE. 2flfe Keamy st.
A— $*»; RESTAURANT and oyster house;
close to Hall of JuEtice; dally receipts $30;
owner rr.us-t sell or take good partner; cause
sickness. B** R. O. WILKE. 26H Kearny et.
A— $30©; BUTCHER mbop. with home and cart,
in best location of W«stern Addition; place
(¦EtablUhe- for years and doing a flrst-claee j
business; a cpl^ndld chance for any man. j
Call R. Q. WILKE. 26^ Keamy et.
JL.—MOO; BUTCHER ehop on Valencia St.;
monthly receipts about $12(K>; selling 4 cattle
per week; low rent; good business. Call K.
O. WILKE, .6-. Kearny Et.
A— S30O: ETATIONERT. notions and branch
b&kery; 5 living rooms; cheap rent and a
F"od -j>_y! Tijr business. Call K. G. WILKE,
26H Kearny et.
A— 11400; SALOON* established many years;
half a block north of Mason and Market;
rent $75; a first-class, paying place; partners
can't agree cause of sale. See R. G. WILKB,
£CV_ Keamy rt.
A— ti:Y; COR-CEB grocery and bar; choicest
location in the Mission; rent f2S; 4 living
rooms;, place established years; owner, a
•widow, -ants to retire. Call R. G. WILKE,
SCVs Kearny et.
A — PLUMBING business; receipts V,'-C per mo.;
b'.c bargain: sickness. Cowing & Co.. 719 Mkt.
A— RESTAUHANT in beet part of city; must
be sold thl_ day. COWING, 71J Market ft.
. ¦ ....
A— HOTEL; best location: money maker; call
at one*. COWING A CO.. 719 Market at.
A— CORNER, ealoon; good location; this It a
bargain. COWING A CO.. 719 Market et.
A— ROOMING house; north Market; fine loca-
tion; clears $75 month. COWING. 71S Market.
A— «J50; DELICACIES, lunch; receipts $55; trial
$400— Comer ealoon; i fur. rooms; no rent.
1700 — Cor. cigar store; downtown; bargain.
rSlO— _ honaekpg. rma. ; clearing (£0; Turk at.
tioco — Country saloon; Al oSrer.
S90O— Saloon; ( fur. rms.: receipts 120; trial.
tl21»-Dfcy aeJoon, wholesale diet., nr. Market. ,
5400— City front saloon; 4 fur. rms.; rec 111
Apply KEX.LT, 121 Montgomery et., room 1.
A — BAT, nSHJJK A CO., fcave roa lodging-
bouses? Yes. What prtoe? *5C0 ~ p, any loca-
tion desired; II rooms, (300; 10 rooms, $45Q; 10
rootta, new, WOO, flue; 20 rooms, bargain, $760;
ST rooms, {3030, snap; ail sizes, all prices, all
new bargsdna; call and a»e us. 1832 Market at.
$500— RESTAURANT, delicacy and bakery: een-
tral; dotng fin* traetnees. BASILE; S Eddy.
A GENERAL mercfcandlse store In proeperoua
town across the bay; leading concern there;
roust sell at eacrtfloe. KELLY. 1S1 Montg*/.
iS40O0— FOR *ale; wholesale coffee, tea and spice
business; larre established trade: full inves-
tigation; principals only. Box 4765, Call.
$300— BUTCHER Shop Transfer: corner; all cash
trade; two y«are* lease; rent tlO. Inquire J7S4
i Seventeenth st—. near Banchez.
WANTED— Buy rent or will open oountry bar-
ber ehop. M. J. BILVEIRA. 1000 Seventh st.
Oakland.
*C0O— REFXATJRAJCT doing: good paving busi-
ness: estab . 14 yrs. Apply 460 Montgomery avt.
B A LOON with fixtures; 6 living room*: rent
cheap. Apply bat. 8 ana IL 721 Davis st.
RESTAURANT, rood business: man rounded by
factoriea; must sell; leaving city. dOSer enth.
$10*— FOR sale; flrrt-class restaurant; owner
tick; central location. Box 4 "IS, Call offlse.
EE6TAUI_^T and chop house; Food location:
low rent. C27 X atom a St.. bet. 8 aad. 10 a. to.;
no fctreou.
1 FINELY ec.n!ri>e_ business coUec*. located In
etockton. CaL. for aale "or rent. WriU to
C • E. POAN. Stockton. Cal.
A BARGAIN: corner grocery, with bar; cash
business; Mission district; no &g*nt_: terms
each; Investigation invited. Box 41S2, . CalL
A SNAP— OoCe* a_id chop houae: - rfc— imatism
co— ij>f !• aale at once. 23* Eighth et.
FOR rale— A rood oorser rrocery a_d bar; llv-
lag rooms. Ing-Ire lid FbUom st
8— XiOQN for s_e; opposite the ferry. Apply
111 ___t at- north of ilfcrk*t; rto ageata.
BUSINESS CHANCES CONTINUED.
A FIXE large store to let on O'Farrell St.. near
Powell; suitable for any business; cheap rent.
Apply at 15 Grant ave. ;-'. .;
FOR SALE>— Klondike Oyster House; money-
maker; cause sicknees. 126 Third Et.
PARTNER with $4000 in fine merchant tailoring
business; no cutter needed. Box 2291. CalL
VALUABLE Canadian patent of interest to
foundryroen. Box 2841. CalL ¦ " -
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office, 2200 Fillmore st.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096
Valencia at.
LODGING-HOUSES FOR SALE.
EM Elt?XBMITH"."8"EDDY~ST!
44 room*, rent $125: good investment.
60 rooms couth of Market; a mint.
15 rooms on <J. G ave., good, price $575.
9 rooms on Jones et., only $230.
$3800 will buy the beat downtown *S-room
hou6e In the city. Don't fall to eee us. Phone
Mint 1016. __________
LODGING-HOUSES! LODGING-HOUSES! '
Hundreds for sale from $150 to $10,000; some
big money makers; in all locations; inspect
our lists for honest bargains; the beet are for
Bale only at our office: cash or easy pay-
ments. HATES & WILSON, S3S Market Bt.
<The Elite).
LODGING-HOUSE buyers, attention— Houses
at reduced prices; genuine bargain*: sizes and
location to suit; money loaned. SCITWEIN-
HARD & CO., 917 Market St., bet. Fifth and
Sixth; phone 1911. : '
A— I2-ROOM roomlng-houee; central $1000
29-room house; first class/ 1050
ll-room house. 1475: 6-room flat 325
FISHER & CO.. 1032 Market st.
MARION GRIFFIN
719 Market st, room 1; tel. Black 1S03; see my
list of 21S lodglng-houfes at my office.
FOR SALE— A 10-room lodging-house for $125.
l—il'n Mission st.
MODERN 6-room flat for aale; rent low.
Apply -529 Howard «t.
NICELY furnished 15-room house; cheap rent;
easy term* or cheap for cash. 742 O'Farrell.
$J_3 BUYS lodclng-house. 10 rooms, all rented;
rent $22 50*. Including water. IPS Pfcond st.
CARRIAGES AND WAGOXS.
FOR exchange — Large furniture wagon for
smaller one; also fine mare. 14C0 pounds, 7
years old. for sale. Apply A. TIDELL, north-
ei_et comer California and Polk. ¦
ALL kinds of wagons, buggies, cartf. harness.
etc.. cheap. EQAX & SON. 2117 Mission Bt.
AN A No. 1 exwess wagon, single, also light
camping wagon, for sale cheap. E32 Mlwion.
NEW & Sd-hand wagons, buggies, carts & har-
ness, work & driving horses. 15th & Valencia.
SPONGES and chamois our speolalty. AMER-
ICAN SPONGE CO.. ISO New Montgomery et.
SPIRITUALISM.
ARRIVED— Mrs. Dr. Farnham. world-renowned
spiritual medium: advice in all affairs of life,
lawsuits, divorces, deaths; unites the sepa-
rated; mining a specialty; drs. Sun., Wed.. Fri.
ev's; come and be convinced. (Permanently)
C13 Eddy st.. bet. Hyde and Larkin; no sign.
SPIRITUAL meeting to-nUsht, S p. m.; con-
vincing test. 123S Howard; Mrs. Max well!
readings daily. _________
ATTEND Mme. Marquise's convincing test cir-
cle to-night at S; 10c. 6 Hyde Bt. ; read, dally.
M ATCHETT— Circle 8 p. m.. 10c; test to all;
sittings dally; L. 50c, O. tL 132 Fourth at.
MRS. LESTER— Circles Sun.. Tues.. Fri. eve.,
10c; readings daily. 200 Turk St., room 4.
MME. MAJORS, gifted spiritual medium,
healer and card reader. 132 Sixth 6t-. room L.
SANTA TERESA, the Mexican healer, removed
to 1610 California st. ¦
MIPS SOPHIA PEIP— Sun. at 8 and daily read-
ings. 6th A Mkt. sts.. Oakland. People's Hall.
FRIENDSHIP Hall. 835 McAllister— Mrs. C. J.
Meyer, ait.dally; convlnc'y testa to-night; 10c.
MRS.J. J. WHITNEY, clairvoyant, test, busl-
ne«s medium, life reader: Plttlngs $1. 1104 Mkt.
CLAIRVOYANTS.
MME. PORTER, wonderful clairvoyant * card
reader, born with double veil & second sight,
diagnoses dlseasa with life reading: ladles
We. gent $1; palm & cytir. ell $1 50. 126 Turk.
ISMAR. the Egyptian gypsy clairvoyant and
palmist, permanently located 114? Market.opp.
6th; private readings dally 10 a. m. to 6 p. m.
MME BERNARD, reads life fluently; advice
given tn all affairs tn life; natlsf action guar-
anteed: 25c up. 17 Third St., next Examiner.
MRS. E. SANDERS, 514 Taylor St.. near Geary
—Clairvoyant, palmist and business medium;
ladles' circla Thurs.. 2 p. m.; Fri. 8; dr. 25o.
JUST returned. MRS. E. L. DAVIS, clairvoy-
ant card reader; mental questions answered;
ladles. 25c; gents. £0c. 34 Sixth at., room 6.
MME. A. CERVANTES, the celebrated Spanish
fortune teller, gives best advice in difficult
matters. 19 Fulton st.. near Larkin.
MRS. MELVILLE, well-known clairvoyant, wa-
ter reader, moved to 11 Sixth; German spoken.
CLAIRVOYANT, trance, business medium, card
reader, 2ic up. £23 Mission st., nr. 4th; no sign.
MRS. E. M. DUVAL. clairvoyant and business
medium. 425 Goldon Gate ave.
CLAIRVOYANT, mineral psychometrist, palm-
ist and card reading. :'*•. 1241Vi Market st.
MME. WORELL. late from Washington; trance
medium ;. private fittings, $1. 821 Mission et.,
MME. ZEREDA. the gyp*y. is the pr-at palm-
ist and card reader; 25c. 7 Seventh; no sign.
MME. AUGUST, clairvoyant, card reader and
palmistry: truth or no pay. 23c. 1149 MUslon.
MME. HANSON, palmistry, card reader: past.
present, future, 2oc. 14S Sixth St., room 14.
MME. SCHAFFER. clairvoyant, card reader;
eittirrs dally. 212*4 Sixth st.
MME. RAVENNA reads life fluently: business
advice; namea given; 25c up. 5 Fourth Bt.
CARPET BEATIXG AXD CLEAXIXG.
WHEN you become disgusted with poor work
Bend to SPAULDING"S Pioneer Carp«t-Beat-
lng Worke. g3-357 Tehama et.; tel. South 40.
CARPETS cleaned at 8c per yard, laid at 60.
STRATTON'S. S Eighth St.; teL Jessie 944.
J. E. MITCHELL, Carpet-Beating and Reno-
vating Co., 240 Fourteenth (t.; tel.' Mission 74.
CITY Steam Carpet- Beating ¦Works, G. H.
STEVENS, mgr.. 28-40 Stb St.; tel. South 250.
ADVANCE Carpet Cleaning Co.. 4C2 Sutter St.;
teL Main 394. GEO. WALCOM, proprietor.
CONKLIN'S Carpet-Beating: Works, S33 Golden
Gate avenue: telephone Eaet 126.
CHIROPODISTS.
BUNIONS, ingrown nails, corns, absolute cure,
palnl»ss:consult'n free. Dr. Duncan. 415 Sutter.
COLLECTION OFFICES.
GEORGE W. KELLY'S Agency— No charge un-
less successful: Room 310. 927 Market at.
COTTAGES TO LET.
COTTAGE, 6 rms, bath & gat; yard and base-
ment. 1119 Vallejo, pr Leavenworth; rent $15.
DENTISTS.
ATthe "ELBCT^DEN^TAlTcLINIci "sol" Ma£
ket st. cor. 4th, rm. 7, Flood bldg., you oan
have your extractions done painlessly; teeth
without plates our specialty ; gold crowns.
. S3 CO up; plates, extractions free, t4 60 up; of-
fice hours, * a, m. to 10 p. in. ; Sundays, > to I
p. m. O. W. WILLIAMSON, M. D.. Manager.
EIGHT prizes for best crown*, plates, . bridges
and fillings; extractions or fllllnga by my won-
derful aecret, painless method; 30 years' ex-
perience; no students; advice fr?e; prices
cheapest and guaranteed; lady attendants.
DR. GEORGE W. LEEK. 20 O'Farrell st.
A N_iv plate, the unbreakable Rose Pearl,
warranted for 10 years; crowns and bridge-
work; teeth without a plate; fillings, EOo;
crowne, $3 SO; plates, full set. $5 00; all work
painle.ES and warranted. Chicago Dental Par-
lors, 24 Sixth at. ¦~*i*'\
"MAIN Office" New Tork Dental Parlors. 10U
Market at., bet. Sixth and Seventh; consult
us on crowds and bridges : teeth extracted
positively and absolutely without pain.
TEETH extracted free; plates, $5; crowns, S3 60;
bridge work. 35; all the latest methods for
palnlesa dentistry; hourc, I a. m. to I p, m.
Modem Dental Parlors, 1206 Market, cor. O. Q.
DR. LUDLUM HILL. 1443 Market, nr. Eleventh
—No charge for extracting when plates are
made; old plates made over like new; teeth
from $8 per set; extracting, COc; gas given.
DR. "WALSH. E15% Geary, nr. Larkin— Painless
extraction tOo; plates $5 up; tel. Polk 1135.
LOWEST prices In S. F.; painless extraction.
60c. New Tork Dentists, 969 Mission, cor. 6th.
PARIS Cental Parlor. 235 Kearny, cor. Bush-
Full set of teeth. $4; crown., $3; fillings, 25c.
VAN VROOM— ••Patnleaa": evenings and Sun-
days. 1001 Market at., corner Sixth.
BET of teeth without plate.' DR. H. G. YOUNO
. 1.41 Polk st. , '
DOG HOSPITALS. ~ "
DR. BUZARry's" dog hoepltal. Post. FUImore^
Advice and medicine, 76o; city visits, $1 60; all
animal* treated;, dogs boarded. Tel. West 638.
DR. Creely's C. P. mange cure and worm pilla,
by Orngx— — or at jM>apitaJ,{ao Golden Gate axy
DR.ESS3IAKERS AND SEAMSTRESSES
ACCORDION pleating factory; all kinds pleat-
lng, pinking. 121 Post, overO'Connor&Moff-tt.
McDowell Dressmaking and Millinery School:
1 private class; patterns cut. 1019 Market st.
S. F. Dressmaking. Ladies' Tailoring and MU-
llnery School; French system. 411 Van Ness.
x EDUCATIONAL.
AIRES'. Business College, 723 Market at. ; day
and evening; individual instruction, $8 per
month; life 6Cholarsnlp, $50; bookkeeping,
shorthand, telegraphy, etc.; Just added 25 new
typewriters; commercial department enlarged
and Is the best in S. F.: catalogue free.
GALLAOHER-MARSH College, Parrott Bldg.—
Shorthand, typing and bookkeeping; Robert F.
Gallagher, expert court reporter, teacher of
shorthand; reportorlal phrasing taught; prac-
tlcal bookkeeping; full course $50; catalogue.
HEALD'S BUSINESS COLLEGE, 24 Post St..
S. F.— Bookkeeping, shorthand, tyi>!n», lan-
guages, telegraphy. English branches, civil,
electrical and mining engineering, etc.; day
and nlgkt sessions; new 80-page catalogue free.
A— THE LYCEUM, an accredited preparatory
school for the university, law and medical
colleges; references, President Jordan or any
Stanford professor. Phelan building.
SPANISH classes day and evening. 305 Larkin
St.. cor. McAllister; 4 lessons a week. $3 a
month; also private. PROF. F. M.VIZCAINO.
BOOKKEEPING, free trial; private lessons; 8
mos. in college not equal to 8 wks. with me.
$2S. TARR. expert accnt.. 220 Parrott bldg.
MISS M. G. BARRETT, Shorthand Academy;
lessons by mall; acknowledged by official re-
porters best teacher, best eyBtem. 302 Montgy.
ALL students but two taking full course this
year got positions. SAN FRANCISCO BUSI-
N'ESS COLLEGE. 1236 Market st.
ENGINEERINQ.clvll, elec., mining, mech, sur-
vey, assay, cyanide, arch.; day. eve.; est.1864.
VAN PAR NAILIJ5N .SCHOOL. 933 Market.
SPANISH. French. German, singing, piano, $2
mo. ; hours, 2-4, 6-8. 1238 Market, rms. US-117.
MUNSON School Shorthand. Typing, Bookkeep-
ing. Spanish. 187 Mont'y. E. M. Carpenter, pr.
MR. and MRS. D. MANSFIELD; music studio:
violin, guitar, mandolin, banjo. 1836 Eddy at.
ILLUSTRATION-PARTINGTON'S DAY and
ILLUSTRATION— Night class. 424 Pine st.
FRENCH. Spanish, etc. Prof. DoFlllppe'sAcademy
of Languag<?s,320Pogt; establd 1871;ablest profa
CALIFORNIA Business College Is again en-
larging quarters. Come see us. 305 Larkin st.
ARITHMETIC, bookkeeping, grammar, writing,
etc.. day or eve.; $3 mo. 1021 Mission, nr. 6th.
EMPLOYMENT OFFICES.
A— JAPANESE and Chinese employment con-
tractor; estab. over 10 years; all kinds help.
421 Post St.. near Powell: Telephone Bush 135.
FRED WAMATS, Japanese, ChlneEe contractor;
emp. office. 544 California; tel. James 2601.
RELIABLE Jaranese-Chlnese employment of-
flce; all kinds help. 815 Stockton; Main 61S8.
JAPANESE Housecleanlng Co.— Waiters, cooks,
dishwashers : ert. 1590. 1026 Oak; tel. Page 547.
UNION Japanese-Chinese emp. office— Best help,
furn.; domestic serv. 417 Powell; tel. Bush 376.
ORPI1EUM Employment Office— Japanese, Chi-
nese help. 426 Powell.nr.Sutter; tel.Black 6072.
JAPANESE and Chinese Employment Office;
. best help furn. Tel. John 212L 806*4 Stockton.
CHINESE and Japanese Employment Office—
Best help. 411U O'Farrell St.; tel. East 416.
EMPLOYMENT WASTED— -FlfllALE.
A FIRST-CLASS German nurse girl wants
position; good ref. MISS CULLEN. 825 Sutter.
EXPKRIENCKD, refined German nursery gov-
erness wishes position; city or country: ref-
erences; no postals; no tetters. Please oall
at 639 Waller St., bet. Pteiner and Pierce.
WANTED byEastern woman, position as work-
ing housekeeper; city or country; good home
more of an object than wages. Call or ad-
dress all week 614 Pine St., roortl 7.
COMPETENT woman wants position in private
family, as cook, or would do housework; ref-
erence. Call 618 Eddy St.
A NICE 1 woman, good cook, dartres position
where there Is no woman to Interfere. E30
Gough Bt. 1
YOUNO woman wants general housework and
cooking. Ap^ly 1407 Bcott et.
AN experienced nurse desires a position; terms
reasonable. Address S'j Golden Gat* ave.
AN experienced North-German woman wishes
a place as cook in hotel or boarding-house;
city or country; no dishwashing, 1728 Bryant.
LADY wishes care of one or two children. Ad-
dress box 4705, Call office.
FntST-CLASS French and German cook desires
steady place in quiet private family; no wash;
city or Oakland. Call 1106 Butter st.
MIDDLE-AGED lady as housekeeper or few
hours a day; sleep home or out; no lncum-
brlnce. 42O>4 Clementina st.
YOUNO woman desires a position as working
housekeeper; city or country. Box 4723, Call.
A COMPETENT perton wants a place as cook;
willing to BPSlat; wages $23 to $30. Apply 103
Van Ness ave.
SWEDISH girl desires position to do general
housework. Address or apply IS Freolon et.,
near Third.
SMART girl, willing to learn to be a medium;
willing to travel .with a professional man.
Box 4706. Call office.
WINCHESTER House.. 44 Third st.. near Mar-
ket— 200 rooms; 25c to $1 &0 night, $1 SO to $6
— ' eek; convenient and respectable; free 'bus
and Imiccaic to and from ferry. • *
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch ofilce, 2200 Fillmore st.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisement* and
subscriptions has been established at 1096 Va-
lencia at.
EMPLOYMENT WANTED — MALE.
SINGLE man. aober and Industrious, with good
knowledge of stock raising and general farm-
ing, also the care of deciduous and citrus fruit
trees, wantt to take charge of grazing or
small fruit ranch: good references. Address
L. C. 415 Powell St. '
COACHMAN who thoroughly understands car*'
fine horses and carriages, good driver, milker;
also care of chickens and garden; handy with
tools; good references; wages $30. Box 4759,
Call offlce, ' ¦
WANTED— Position as foreman or superintend-
ent on structural iron and eu-el work; expe-
rienced in office, shop and field. Address B.,
608 Eighteenth St., Oakland.
COOK want- work; a good careful cook; or
would go as second cook. T. SMITH, 311
Minna et.
MIDDLE-AGED man. handy with horsea and
tools, wants light work: no milking; good
home the object. H. W., 24S Third at,
GOOD outside hustler; experienced In office and
typewriting. Call between 8 and 9:30 a, m.,
PERNAU BROS.. 543 Clay at.
YOUNG German, honest, active, desires position
at anything; best references. Box 4728, CalL
RELIABLE man, E4 years, wishes to attend to
invalid gentleman or any light work; wagea
no object: best references. Address 81 Na-
toma st., room 21.
GERMAN rrocery clerk and barkeeper wishes
position; first-class references. Address W.
BOHLING. 417 Kearny et. ¦ ¦
WELL Qualified business man wanta situation
as a boss of the concern; no reference* riven
Address box 4727. Call offlo.
COACHMAN wanta employment; good refer-
encea; thoroughly cor.ipetent. Addresa box
STgB. Call office. ' •
AN honest Jatianese boy wishes situation as
schoolboy. 280 Ellla tt :
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions haa been:, established at 1091
Valencia at. ¦
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Fillmore.
— _____ ________ _
EYES examined free; spectacles properly ad-
Ju>te_. N. Manasse, oculist optician. 910 Mkt.
FINANCIAL.
INVEST your money In manufacturing; safe,
profitable; $200 lowest amount. accepted; com-
pany organizing; 6 % guarantd. Box 2250. Call.
IF you have atocks or bonds of any kind for
sale call or address PACIFIC COAST DN-
DERWRITING CO.. 604 Parrott building.
~ FLATS TO LET. ~
100 FLATS AND HOUSES TO RENT. V*
» r. f.. 11S8 Ellis.. ..$60|5 r . f., 1711 Mason..$15
9 r. f., 1515 Hyde.... 47U r. f.. 804 Buchanan 8
7 r. f.. 219 Polk 2716 r. c, 681 Jersey.... 11
6 r. f.. 641 Fulton...". 20] 4 r. f.. 919 Vallejo.. 10
Flats wanted. A. M. SPECK fc CO.. 667 Mkt.
IE*-you want to move get printed list flats to let
from BALDWIN & HOWELL, 10 Montgomery.
NEW flat, tinted, 7' rooms, with running
water. 430 Eddy et. - , .
$18 — FX/AT, 4 rooms and bath; north of Market;
healthy place; no children. BASILK, 3 Eddy.
FLATS TO LET — FURNISHED.
FELL. Ill — Four nicely furnished rooms; bath*
. sunny yard. -• . . , • . .
FPRXITURE FOR SALE.
4 BOOMS furnished In oak for $48 BO, with No. 7
range. iClnsr Furniture .Co.. 1127-11S1 Market!
.- •_._- ... . -..-¦ .__-___ — i-j^_ ,.». ;r_ ___77
FCR.NITUHE WANTED.
CHAS.- LEVY buys your furniture, carpets,
pianos, etc. 1135 Market Et. ; tel. Jessie 761.
A. WOLLPERT. 773 Mission St., pays highest
price for second-hand furniture; tel. Red 1354.
ALWAYS 'phone John 1041 before selling your
¦ furniture. Standard Furn. . Co., ,745 Mission.
Auctioneer— L. Vincent, 1305 Larkin; tel. Polk i34;
furniture & furn'd houses bought; epot cash.
W. E. CODY (late with J. T. Terry & Co.). buye
furniture, carpets. 757 Mission; tel. Red 3353.
HELP v.ANTED-FEMALE..
C. R. HANSEN & CO PHONE GRANT 185
HOTEL DEPARTMENT
Waitresses for best commercial hotels, coun-
1 try, $20 and $25; waitresses and chambermaids
to wait, city, $20; woman. cook, $35; night
cook, short-order work, $30 and found; man
and wife, cook and waitress, country hotel.
$75, call early, and many others.
FAMILY DEPARTMENT
Woman for plain sewing. $3 50 to $4 week;
middle-aged working housekeeper for 3 men
and 2 boys. $20, gee party here: cooks, Menlo
Park, Palo Alto, $30 each, and too many or-
ders for private families to enumerate. C.
R, HANSEN & CO.. 104 Geary Et.
A— GERMAN nursegiri: care of 2 children;
• city; $20. C R. HANSEN & CO., 104 Geary.
A— SCANDINAVIAN or German girl for gen-
eral housework, $23. C. R. HANSEN & CO.,
104 Gear}' st. ¦
WOMAN for housework by the day. $1 and car
fare. . C. R. HANSEN &' CO., 104 Geary st.
WANTED — Cook. $35: second girl. $20, same
place; 2' nurseglrls, $20, see lady to-day;
Scandinavian second girl, $25; German nurse
and second girl. $25; chambermaid and seam-
stress, $25; 2 pantry girls, $20. $25; 3 wait-
resses, hotel. $20. fare paid; lady's maid and
seamstress, $30; second girl, $25. same place;
laundress, $25; lroner, $20 and found; 4 cooks,
plain wash, $25, $30; restaurant waitresses, $6,
$7 a week: 8 second girls, $20, city and coun-
try; cook for men. $30: French nurse. $25; ISO
houseglrls. city and country, $20, $25. J. F.
CROSKTT - CO.. 316 Sutter St.
A COOK and second girl, Bakersfleld..$30 & $20
German nursery governess $23
Cook, small American family $25
Second girl. San. Mateo t-5
10 second girls $20 and $i3
Hotel waitress, San Rafael.... $20
Working housekeeper, country $20
Working housekeeper, city $15
MISS CULLEN. 325 Sutter Bt.
A— WANTED
Laundress for State institution, near city, $25
to $30; board and lodging. W. D. EWER &
CO.. 610 Clay st.
A— SCANDINAVIAN or German girl for gen-
eral housework, $26. Apply before 1 o'clock
at 233 Third ave., between South California
and Clement sts. ; take Geary or Sutter st. car.
EXPERIENCED alteration hands on tailormade
suits; none but experienced help need apply.
Apply personally at 209 Sutter St., NEWMAN
& LEVINSON.
A— A— GIRLS, neat ee~ -ers. to learn necktie
making; steady work. Pacific Neckwear Mfg.
Co.. 16 Butter gt. .
WANTED— By a wholesale house, a middle-
aged, ri-soonslble woman to travel; permanent
position for right party. Box 473L Call office.
FIRST-CLASS skirt hand on fine tailor-made
suits; good wages; come ready to work. 462'/J
Thirteenth St.. Oakland.
WANTED— Smart girl to work in laundry}
wages $4 per week. Standard Laundry. 114
Hayes st.
COMPETENT girl to do cooking and general
housework; good wages; call from 9 a. m. to
3 p. m. 2174 Post Ft. .
WANTED— Young girl for office work and
bookkeeping In factory; Btate salary and ex-
. perience. Box 47CO, Call office.
APPRENTICE for dressmaking: good sewer;
paid while learning. 804% Turk et.; call
Wednesday.
APPRENTICE girls wanted on ladies' tailor
garments. A. CAILLEAU. 114-116 Kearny st.
GOOD finisher on custom pants. CHAS. COOP-
ER, G22 Clay su, room 18A.
GIRL to do chamber work; wages $10. 143
Ea?t st \
A COLORED girl to take care of baby; sleep
home; wages $12. Address 819 Post st.
WANTED— Girl; general housework! plain
cooking: small family. 205 Scott St.
COLORED lady for reception room; one or two
evenings a week. Address box 4780, Call.
TALENTED amateur performers wanted. Ap-
ply at the Chutes at 6 p. m. ¦_
A FIRST-CLASS tailoreas on fine coats. 14
Grant avenue, room 43; steady Job.
YOUNO girl to take care of baby; sleep home.
?784 Twenty-second st.
GIRL to work on corsets; also an apprentice,
MMB. WALTER, C03 Powell st
GIRL for cooking and assist In housework;
wagea $20. Call 6 to 12. 12S4 Eddy at. ¦
WANTED — A good coat finisher at £20 Kearny
St.. first floor, room 1.
WANTED— Experienced saleslady) ladles' and
children's wear. Box 4757. Call of flee. .
WANTED— Neat girl to assist In kitchen; must
sleep at home. Apply 122 Fifth st.
GIRL 16 to 18 for second work; in the country}
good wages; call early. 241 Third st.
MIDDLE-AGED woman to help around. 19-5%
Golden Gate ave.
WANTED— A first-class finisher at ladles' tail-
oring. 624 Poet et.
WANTED— A waitress at 113 Turk st.
APPRENTICES on overalls. STANDARD
BHIRT FACTORY, cor. Gough and Grove ata.
GIRLS to rivet overalls, also aewing machine
operators, at Lev! Strauss & Co.' s factory,
32H Fremont st. ; no experience neceBs&ry;
good wages. Apply to MR. DAVIS.
WE want a few lady solicitors for the Loleta
Beauty Cream; salary and commission. The
Bon Ton Beauty Parlors. 324 Post st.
GIRL wanted for RPneral housework, 3 in fam-
lly; wages f20. 2618 Union st. ¦ -
EXPERIENCED operators on underskirts;
steam power; good pay. A. Aaron, 679 Mission.
CO OPERATORS on ladles' silk and flannel
wnlsta. ¦ 8. F. Mfg. Co.. 409A Turk st.
PANTS finlshere wanted} ateady work. 225
Fifth *t. ' - ¦
WANTED— Olrl for general housework. 844S
Twentieth st., cor. Capp.
FINISHERS on custom coats: steady work. 304
Tehama at. . . ¦:*¦'•'¦• ¦¦ •
WANTED— Young German "girl for general
housework; email family; $20. S36V. Harrison.
GIRL wanted to assist in general housework.
731 Green at., near Mason.
WANTED— First-class finishers on coats; also
experienced apprentice. 411V. Kearny at.
YOX'NG girl as second girt for upstairs work.
1562 Post St. ; 1
GIRL" for light housework; good horn*; wages
$10 to $12 month. 183 Russ.st. '
A GOOD talloress on men's clothes; good
wages. C66 Fourth at. .
OPERATORS on custom" veata; good pay;
. steady work. 641 Market et.
WANTED— Women and girls to work* on fruit.
1731 Folsom St., between 18th and 14th.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscription*
received at Call branch office. 2200 Fillmore at.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1093
Valencia St.
HELP WANTED — MALE}.
AT a R. HANSEN A CO. 104 Geary at.
RAILROAD WORK
Stonecutters. (3 60 a day; teamsters and la-
borers for State of Nevada: laborers for Surf,
company work, regular wages......
Fee $1 .......... ShlpWDally Free fare
10 swampers for the woods, j $85 1 and board,
half fare advanced, see boss here ;. 10 labor-
era for a dam, $2 60 a day, half fare ad-
vanced; blacksmith, oountry, $40
HOTEL DEPARTMENT ...........
Head cook for railroad service. $75 to $85;
aecond cook, $50 to $60; cook and wife, wife
waitress, country hotel, $76; head cook, coun-
• try hotel, $50: broiler, country. $50; night
cook, city, $12 a week; pantrymen, dishwash-
ers and kitchen handi, $25 to $30; barkeeper,
hotel, $25; runner, country hotel, $20. C. R.
HANSEN fc CO., 104 Geary et. -
"WANTED— First-class aolicltor for theater cur-
- tain Wednesday and Thursday, bet. 8 and 10.
room 6, 402 Keamy Bt.
WANTED— Boys of good family for cash and
errand boys In a large Jewelry store. W. H.
H.. box 4732. Call office. . . . .
WANTED— A flrst-class furnishing goods sales-
man; one who can trim cases; steady place.
Address box 4756', Call'ofHce.
WANTED — Steady man; light, genteel ' work;
will pay $15 to $18 per week; feiunl I capital re-
quired. 1016 Market St., room 10.
WANTED— A tailor at 520 ; Kearny st, first
floor, room 1; steady place. ¦ '
TALENTED amateur performera wanted. Ap-
;.ply at Chutes at 8 p. m.
MATE for English ship. ¦ Apply to HERMAN™
. 20 Steuart at. -- ¦ .-¦¦¦• .
DISHWASHER wanted. . 126 Ninth St.
WANTED— Young man between 16 and 13 years
to do porter, work. Apply at 46 East st. - .
"ALL sizes men'a shoes, slightly damaged, half
price. 662 Mission. »t., b«t. 1st and 24 ats.
HELP WANTED— MALE.
A— MURRAY & REAdY...TpHON_ MAIN MIS
..Leading Employment and Labor Agents..
WANT AT 7 A. M. TO-DAY
FREE... .WE SHIP EVERYBODY.... FREE
...To all parts of California, Utah. Nevada...
NUMBER. WANTED AT. WAGES.
154 — Nevada, Truckee, Lake View. ..$41 and fd
16— Los Angeles, Santa Barbara .$2 day
24— Redding, Shasta, Fresno Jl 90 day
. 118— Surf. Soda Springs, Salt Lake $2 day
61 — Dixon, Elmlra and Bakersn>ld...$l 70 day
163 — For nineteen different divisions.... $2 day
FREE FARE OFFICE FEE ONLY $1
MURRAY & READY,
634-636 Clay, st
A— 4 CARPENTERS, near city. $3 day. bea
boss hero
LUMBER-PILERS— FARE PAID
10 men to pile lumber, no experience neces-
sary, large mill and lumber company, !U and
' found, pee boss here fare paid
10 men or strong boys to work in beans
$1 to $1 W> day and found
6 teamsters, same bean ranch.... $1 SO day fd
Head dairyman f40 and found
8 laborers, no experience, Alameda Co
$27 60 to $34 and found
Carpenters R. R. work Free fare
Ste*l bridge men Free fare
10 lumber pliers, north • WO
150 teamsters and laborers, city and country,
$175 to $2 23 a day
10 scraper teamsters $40 and founct
43 /arm, orchard and vineyard hands
$28 and $30 and found
• 15 milkers, choremen, etc... $25 to $36 and fd
Farmers and wives Vegetable gardeners
14 ranch teamsters $26 to »35 and found
25 drillers Wheelers Brick setters
Stablemen, hostlers and buggy-washers
FRUIT PICKEKS 100
men and boys to pick fruit and grapes, work
in packing-houses, 'etc $30 and found
Coachman; see boss here •••
Man and wife, private family •••
Stenographer and typewriter; country •
MURRAY <fc RBADT.- 634-636 Clay St.
A— WE SHIP TO-DAY AND TO-MORROW...
I LOS ANGELES ..SANTA BARBARA
E0 R. R. men Free faro
Office fee $1 Free fare
MURRAY & READY. 634-636 Clay st.
A— SEE BOSS HERE !
Chef cook, mine boarding-house.... $60 and fd
Cook for hospital $40 and fd
Second and third cooks, mine boarding-house,
$40 and $35 and found; 2 waiters, same mine.
$30 and found; on all above positions see boss
at our office to-day *
MURRAY & READY, 634-636 Clay St.
A— COOKS, city and' country hotels, restau-
rants, boarding-houses, eto..$40 io $50 and fd
Polishers, washers and starchr#s..$30, $35 fd
.Baker, country j shop, Becond hand, and boy
for bake shop; nurse. $35
Butchers '
Waiters, dishwashers, etc.. ranch cooks.
MURRAY & READY. 634-638 Clay St.
A— WANTED
Laundryman for Stats Institution, near city.
$35 and found. . W. D. EWER & CO.. 610 Clay.
A— WANTED '
20 woodchoppers, Santa Cruz Co., year's Job.
virgin timber; 4-foot redwood, 75o; pine, $1:
hard wood, $123 and $150 a cord: tools and
grub advanced. W. D. EWER & CO.. 610
Clay gt. .
A— WANTED ...•
For board ing-houee of Manfg. Co., near city,
waiter, $25 and found; dishwasher, $23 and
found. W. P. EffBR & CO., 610 Clay st.
A— WANTED .*
Gardener, flowers, and milk 2 cows, country,
$25 and found. W. D. EWER & CO.. 610, Clay.
HOTEL cooks, country. $65, $35: baker. $43;
dishwashers, $25. $20. $15, country; bedmaker.
$20, $2S and room; waiters. $30, $25, city and
country; night cook, $11; bell fcoy, $15; other
hotel and restaurant help N wanted. J. F.
KtOSETT & CO.. 623 Sacramento st.
STICKERMAN. $3 day; matches hand. $3 day;
laundryman and wife, $60; 2 laundrymen,
country, $60 and found; 2 bricklayers, coun-
try, $4 50 day; architectural draughtsman; 12
carpenters, city and country, $3 day, fare
paid; 3 boys for store, $4 60 week; stableman
and driver, $60; sheepherder, $25; farmers,
$25 and $26; men and wives, $35 and $40; milk-
ers, $25; woodchoppers -for 3000 contract and
others. J. F. CROSETT & CO.. 62S Sacra-
mento st. *
BARBERS* Progressive; Union— Free employ-
ment. H. Bernard. Sec. 104 7th; teK Jessie 152.
20 CARPENTERS, 16 cabinet-makers, 20 bench
hands, 3 stickers, 1 shaper, 2 wood turners, 3
sash and door 'makers, 2 painters, 1 black- j
emlth, at Mechanics' Registration Bureau, 410
Kearny st.; no office fee.
AN elderly gentleman wanted for taking care
of horses and making himself generally use-
ful around the house; good home; $10 per
month and found. 909 York St., near 21st.
HOUSE painting wanted In exchange for Jew-
elry, watches, clocks. 112 Kearny, room 8.
LIVE salesman to solicit for suits to order In
city; big money to right^man. 1364 Bush st.
WANTED— Paperhanger and painter. Call 536^4
Jegsle et. ; early.
GORDOK press feeder. Academy Printing
House. 819 Market St.; ground floor.
WANTED — A lunch waiter at 50« Howard st-
near First. . ¦ • j
WANTED— Bushelman. Golden Eagle Cloth-
• Ing Store, 104 Kearny st. -
NIGHT dishwasher. Call at 907 Kearny St., at
8 o'clock.
BOY wanted to drive butcher wagon. Apply
1604 Geary st. ' ¦
WANTED— Kitchen help; man sober and re-
liable. Apply early 448 Third 6t.
WANTED— Errand boy. 927 Market St., room
C23. . " _^^
A BOY to loam plumbing or a helper. Call
evening 619 Guerrero st.
WANTED— A tailor on custom coats; steady \
work. 559A Minna st. :~-..-'
WANTED — A Barber for Wednesday, Saturday
and Sunday. 402 Brannan st.
— ~ ~— — *
BARBER wanted. 222 Gough at. ,
SHORT order cook. 657 Clay st.
WANTED— Barber Wednesday to Sunday noon;
wages. 1938. Mission at.
BAKER — — gon driver with experience, $45,
board and lodging. 911% Larkin st.
YOUTH to attend store and go on errands;
well recommended. 635 Valencia at.
LABORERS can get good meals at new reatau-
' rant Just opened. 1542 Market st. *
BARBER shop in mining town; a bargain. In-
quire at DECKELMAN'8. 106 >Ellls.at. .
MECHANICS — AH non-union mechanics, such
as carpenters, painters, plumbers and other
craftsmen wanting work at th«lr trades are
requested to register at the Mechanics' Regis-
tration Bureau, j 410- Kearny at., room 9; no
charges or office fees.
COMPETENT stenographer for machine
works; must be willing, agreeable and
familiar with this business. Address, stat-
ing age. reference and salary expected. Box
4714. Call office.
FIRST-CLASS coatmakers, pants and vest
makers for Arizona; good prices paid and fare
advanced. BAUMGARTEN & CO.. 7 Mont-
gomery at.
GET your shoes half soled while waiting; 26o
to EOc. £«2 Mission st., bet. 1st and 2d sts.
BOY who understands stenography and office
work; give age, wages desired. Box 4721, Call.
PKNSIONS— J. H. Shepard & Co., that old
and reliable firm, 806 Market St., room 40
Phelan building. Pension vouchers executed,
25 cents. ¦ Advice free.
VaNTED- Tailor. ROOS BROS.. 25-37 Kear-'
ny at. '_ : ,
BARBER, 2-chalr shop, no opposition; four
living, rooms; large yard; cheapest rent in
town. Price $125. Address Box 4715. Call.
SALESMAN who thoroughly understands fur-
niture and . carpet business. Box 4713, Call.
BARBER shop for sale; no Sunday work; closes
at 6 p. m. Corner Front and Clay .ats.
BARBERS — 3-chalr shop for sale. 14 Turk at.;
on account of going East.
WANTBI>— Four rubble stone masons at First
and E eta.. ¦ San Rafael, Mario County. _.
SClIWrESAU. . ¦ ¦ ¦ - -
BARBERS — 4-chalr 15c ahop for sale; best loca-
tion in city and best bargain ever offered.
DECKELMANN. 106 Ellis it.
WANTED— Barber to buy shop; . running 2
chairs: 3 living rooms; cheap rent. 2144 Mis-
sion Bt. '..¦¦'
WANTED— Man that understands nursery work
and Jobbing gardening. Call COO Halght at.
FIRST-CLASS coatmaker to work Inside or
outside. 626 Montgomery st. - V
WANTED— A young Irishman to assist In a
saloon ; reference. Box 4710, Call office.
BARBERS— Two-chair shop for sale. 200 Pow-
ell-at. - ¦ ,¦ : ¦ . ' . -¦
YOUNG butcher for shop and wagon. 1823.
Point Lobos ave.
WANTED— 100 men to take rooms. 10c, 15c and
20c. Boston House, 930 Howard at.
BARBERS— A complete S-chair outfit for sale
at a bargain. Call 902 Larkin st. : . -
BARBER shoo for sale cheap. Corner Golden
..Gate ave. and Hyde st.; account leaving.
EXPERIENCED " men to - handle the sale of
stock; steady employment. Box 2270, Call.
STOLTZ,' barber supplies, removed from'. 630
Market (basement). to 636 Market at., upstairs.
UN DERPRESSERS wanted , on . coats, pants
and vests. 641 Market st.
GENTLEMEN' 8 suits to order, $1 per week, at
cash J prioes. I N. Y.. Tailoring. Co.. 115 Kearny.
SAILORS, ordinary seamen aad green h«^*?;
. . all parts 0* world. HERMAN'S 26 fiteuart.
HELP WAXTED-MAtE.
MEN wanted for the United States Navy-
Machinists, first-class, age 21 to 35, pay per
month. 155; machinists, second class, aga :i
to S5. pay per month. $40; electricians, third
class, age 21 to S5. pay per month. $30: ship-
wrights (carpenters), age 21 to 35. pay per
month. J25; seamen, age 21 to 35. pay per
month, J24; ordinary seamen, age IS to 30.
pay per month $19; landsmen, age 13 to 25,
pay per month $16; apprentices, third class.
age 15 to 17. pay per month $9. All candi-
dates for enlistment must pass a physical ex-
amination showing them to be free from dis-
qualifying ailments. Machinists must pass
an examination showing them to be ma-
chinists by trade. Electricians must pass. a
practical examination in electricity, espec-
ially on the handling of electrical machines.
Shipwrights must be carpenters by traae.
Seamen and ordinary seamen must pass an
examination in seamanship. Landsmen ana
apprentices will be required to pass me
physical examination only. The term or en-
listment is for four years. Should a man
re-enlist within a period of four months from
the date of honorable discharge he will re-
ceive a bonus of four months' pay and an
addition to his monthly pay of Jl SS for jjac h
re-enlistment. Rations, medicines and roeaicai
attendance are furnished gratis in addition to
pay. Privilege of retirement after «"">
years' service on three-quarters of the pay
received at date of retirement. It is the de-
sire of the Navy Departme-t to obtain a
large number of able-bodied Americans for
the navy, who will be given every oppor-
tunity for advancement as soon as they are
¦qualified for the higher ratings. The early
co.-npletion of a number of fine ships for tho
navy will make a large Increase in the en-
listed force necessary, and this will cause a
corresponding large Increase In the number
of petty officers, who will be advanced from
the lower ratings. Recruits who may be ac-
cepted will b* assigned to a U. S. war ves-
sel: apprentices to the naval training sta-
tion. San Francisco. Cal. Applications should
be made at the U. S Naval Recruiting Ren-
dezvous, corner of SPirket and East streets.
San Francisco, Cal.
WE want 10 honest. Industrious men to solicit
in city and county: experience not necessary;
we teach you the business; good contracts for
nober men willing to work. White Sewing
Machine Co., 300 Post st.. cor. Stockton.
MEN wanted to learn barber trade; only eight
weeks required: positions guaranteed: special
Inducements: catalogue and map of city free.
MOLER'S BARBER COLLEGE. 635 Clay st.
WANTED— Laborers and mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkln. Reno House proprietor, still
runs Denver House. 217 Third st.: ISO large
rooms; 25o per night: $1 to $2 per week.
MEN and women to learn barber trade. S. F.
BARBER COLLEGE. 7UA Howard st.
PENSIONS— GEO. D. CAMPBELL, lawyer. 16
..„-. years' practice; Examiner building.
LABORERS and drillers wanted at 627 Four-
teenth at., near Guerrero.
LTXDELL Houoe. corner Sixth and Howard—
Roams. 15c to 25c night; "5c to $2 per week.
WINCHESTER House. 44 Third St.. near Mar-
ket: 700 rooms, 25c night; reading-room: free
'bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Fillmore st.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096
Valencia st.
HEMORRHOIDS.
_ r^-,j-, J -,sv- J -u-,. nj -,n - - -i- .1 J- 1 ' J
, PILES— 300 cures business men In s»n Fran-
cisco; can be seen; no operation; no pain: par-
tlrulara sent. Ad. Physician, box 1350. Call.
HORSES, LIVE STOCK, Etc For Sale
40 HORSES for sale; also wagona. buggies.
c«irts, harness. Grand Arcade Horse Market.
327 Sixth St.; auction sales every Wednesday. |
SULLIVAN & DOYLE. Anctlon-ers.
10 HEAD of driving and working horses at
TOMKINSON'S Stables. 67 Minna St., be-
tween First and Second.
SUITS to order in exchange for horses, buggies;
anything of value, SKIFF, 336H Bush st.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The Weekly Call.
16 pages, in wrapper, for mailing. $1 per year.
HOUSES TO LET.
A— PRINTED LIST Houses to Let; send for cir-
cular. G. H. UMBSEN * CO.. 14 Montgomery.
HOUSES TO LET — KIRMSIIKn.
A— FURNISHED house of 7 rooms for sale;
rent of house very cheap; rooms all full.
NApply 1315 Stockton st.
FURNISHED house' to lease for I years: $150-
per month: modern. Box 47H. Call office.
LOST AND FOUND.
LOST— A black purse on Hayes at., between
Franklin and Laguna. containing coin and
railroad ticket; owner's name on papers.
Finder will be liberally rewarded by return-
ing to 367 Hayes st.
LOST— Lady's gold watch; name. Miss Daisy
P. Walters on back case. Inside. Return to
MISS D. WALTERS. 1223 Polk at., and re-
ceive reward.
LOST— Gentleman's watch charm. Knights
Templar Jewel. Finder please return to J.
* H. BRUCE. 401 California at.; reward $10.
LOST— A passbook with The Hibernla Savings
and Loan Society of San Francisco. In the
name of CHRISTINE C. NELSON, No. 204-
117. The finder will please return to bank.
, MASSAGE. ~
EMILY SEGSWORTH. assistant to Dr. A. B.
Willeox, acientific masseuse, room 49. St.
Ann's building; hours. 9 a. m. to 13:30.
DR. and MRS. DAVIES. 1_3 Market— Ladles'
specialists: 32 years' practice have treated
thousands of cases successfully'; positive cur-
guaranteed at office; ladles treated can return
home same day: HINDO HERB horn* cure,
any one can use it: perfectly harmless: home
for confinement. Send stamps for circular.
MRS. DR. KOHL. 997 Market at., cor. Sixth;
rellabl* ladles' specialist; home treatment, J.'.
eafe and sure cure guaranteed: lsdlee treated
at office can return home the same day; pri-
vate home before and during confinement;
best medical care; hours, 9 a. m. to 5 p. m.
DR. G. W. CDONNELL. the world-renowned
ladles' specialist: safe and reliable: has prac-
ticed In San Francisco for years ; treated thou- :
sands of cases successfully; treatment can be '
used at home: consultation free\ After all
others fall call on him. 1023^ Market st.
DRS. GOODWIN, well-known ladles' specialists,
have returned from Europe: safe and rrtlabl* 1 -:
cure $5; have treated thousands of cases with
success; 15 years' practice In 8. F. ; maternity
home; low fees. 1007H Market St., near Sixth.
MRS. DR. WYETH. reliable specialist: J5 yrs/
practice: home in confinement: ti— atm*nt at
of flee. $5; any ailment; consultation free, con-
fidential. 842 Post at., bet. Hyde and Larkin.
NG TOY KEE, Chinese -doctor: cures consump-
tion, . cancer, catarrh, etc.; all disease* treat-
ed: send for testimonials: advice free. Sani-
tarium. 704 Sacramento St., corner Kearny.
THE well-known DR. POPPER, celebrated fe-
male specialist : practical physician for 37
years; always successful. 323 Kearny at.
MRS. M. ALLEN. 1035 Market— Ladies' apeclal-
lst; home In confinement! safe and reliable;
consultation free; hours 10 to S.
DR. WISE, the ladles' specialist, 111S Market
street. .
DR, WONO HTM. herb doctor, treats all dis-
eases of the human body. 118 Mason st.
JIISCELLASEOUS FOR SALH.
BOILERS, engines, 2d-hand machinery Me
INTOSH -t WOLPMAN, 195-197 Freraoot st.
/BARS, back bars, mirrors, showcases, counters,
llncleum, new and second hand; we always
have a large stock of saloon outfits . on band -
32 complete outfits on our floor, ready made-
we can ship everything In 24 hours. J
NOONAN, 1017. 1019. 1021, 1023 Mission »t
above Sixth; write for catalogue. "
SUT a brand new typewriter for $5 down and $5
per month; write for catalogue and price
TYPEWRITER EXCHANGE. 409^ California
at.; rentals, new machines. t3 per month.
A— BUYS. sells~or rents gear machinery, en-
gines, boilers, water pipe, shafting, pulleys. -
etc. WHITELAW, 218 Spear at.
A— *3 50 DERBY and Fedora hats. Jl 75. Pop-
ular Price Hatters. 330 Kearny st.. near Pine.
A— 10O HORSEPOWER engine, boiler 2-drlll
air compressor. JARDINE'S. 220 Fremont St.
200-LIGHT dynamo, engine and boiler, com-
plete; cheap. H. S. WHITE; 618 Mission st.
A perfectly new, latest style, sealskin Jacket-
_co_ $240. for; $115. at Uncle Harris. 15 Grant.'
WILL, rent full dress Tuxedo or Prince Albert
suits, for $2 50. Portland Loan Office. 25 Stktn.
KODAK films 3Ux3% developed only 25c per
roll. Rembrandt Studio. 850 Market, cor. Stktn.
FINE suit. $10; dress pants. J2 7i MISFIT
CLOTHING PARLORS, 437 Montgomery »t
SAFES— New and second hand. THE HEB-
MANX SAFE CO.. 417-423 SacramVnto st.
PORTABLE engines, boilers; Iron and wood
planers, lathes: 2d hand. J. Burke. 139 Beate.
MAGIC lanterns, new and 2<J hand: moving
pictures. BULLARD & BRECK. »i Post at.
10-TOX Fairbanks scale and fir* and burglar
¦ proof safe. 218 California at. "
2D i; H^ TD >.F h0t , C !f raph i c and ma|tlc lantern out-
flta bought, sold, exchanged. 109 Montgomery.
STRST-CLASS second-hand modern engines and
boilers bought and aold. • KROQH Mfg. Co.
SAFES— New and second hand; all sizes THH
WALTZ SAFE. 109-111 Market st.'la^ Fran?
CHEAPEST and. best in Amertoa— The Weekly"
£ al . 1 :._ w _ p^ n " # "55* - to any addreaa in* thi
United. States or Canada ow 7VLt f^ y.
MISCEM-A-yEPCS WASTS.
WANTED-Oak sideboard; also small ©aktat
rack; must be In eood condlUoa and reason
able. Box 1846. Call office.
WANTET>-10O gallons milk dally by responsible
dealer In city. Bo* 4754 Call office.
WANTED-UpriEht piano , for cash. H. 1*
WHITEHEAD. 1710 Market st ___
LADIES' and gents' cast-off clothins bought *
sold. Sllvennan. 934 Folsorn: tel. Folsom 1191.
KLEIN still pays best price for clothing, brlc-
and books. 103 Sixth St.; tel__U______.
• MOXEY TO LOA.V.
ANT amount on furniture, pianos, without re-
moval, or any other good security; payabl«
back In Installments or as a whole;. If yo«
owe a balance on the purchase price we will
pay It and carry the loan as long aa you de-
sire; avoid red tape and publicity: see ua
first; you will be waited unon quietly and
quickly. Call 63-69 Ponohoe bldg.. 1179 Market.
AA— LEST rates and easiest terms.
Second Mortgages
Interests In Estates
;;:t:ndlv!<;ed Interests in Real Estate
Financial problems of all sorts and sizes
solved by HERMAN MURPHY. 630 Market.
ANY amount at 8 per cent; 1st, 2d and 3d mort-
gages, undivided Interest, real estate in pro-
bate; mortgages and legacies bought; no >le- »
lay; get my terms before doing business else-
where. R. McCOLGAN, 21 Montgomery, r. 3.
ANY proposition, any amount: ( per cent: first.
second mortgage*, estates in probate, interest
in- estates, legacies, corporation loans, chattel
mcrtgages. life Insurance. Koom 16. first floor;
Chronicle building. HALLORAX & OL,SEX.
HIGHLY reapectable private place to obtain
liberal advances on diamonds.' Jewelry at low-
est rates. Baldwin JeweLr— Store. 846 Market
at.; tel Main 1S44. Branch 13 Third st.
A— $300,000 on city and country real estate and
estates: chattel mortgages; notes and col-
laterals. J. BROWXSTON'E. 11 Montgomery.
MOST reliable place to borrow on diamonds,
watches. Jewelry. W. J. HESTHAL. U Sixth;
highest price for old gold, silver, diamonds.
AT 126 Kearny St.. room 9. respectable, privat*
place to borr ow on watches, diamonds; Iowe3t
rates; take elevator. Telephone Davis 995.
ANT amount by private party on furniture «nd
pianos: no removal: low rates: confidential.
BONELLI. 301 Jones St.. corner Eddy.
WHY pay rent? We loan money to build with;
i small monthly payments. HOME BUILDING
COMPANY. 223 Sansome St.. room 2.
MOXEY to loan on furniture by private party;
low rate, 917 Market St.. room 1.
m'oneY loaned salaried people without security.
HILL, rm. 44. Merchants' Ex.. 4a California.
OX furniture and pianos; no removal; confi-
dential: on diamonds, etc. 33 Taylor st.
TO salaried people without secirrtty: alt busi-
ness confidential. Tousley Co.. Cl Parrot big.
CASH loaned to salaried people on note without
indorser. MORRELI* 60© Examiner bulldins.
, . — — ¦
ON furniture, pianos, without removal; no co~i-
mlsslon: private. LICK. 118 McAllister st.
' TO salaried people without collateral or In-
dorser. S. F. Discount Agency. 143 Phelan big.
MUSICAL I.\STRU.ME5TS.
DO~not be misled by advertisements, that ap-
pear to offer something for nothing: you can,
get the best pianos for the least money at
MAUVAIS'. 768 Market at.
BEAUTIFUL Arlington pianos in mahogany,
oak or walnut for J300. oa payments easy, you
can exchange an» piano you buy from us at
any time for a Decker & Son. MAUVAI3
MUSIC CO.. 763 Market st.
THE MAUVAIS MUSIC CO. carry the cele-
brated Dicker Sk Son. Packard and Arlington;
select from these If you wish a satisfactory
article for your money. Call or address 763
Market st.
ALL purchasers of pianos at SHERMAN
CLAY _ CO.'S have the" privilege of ex-
changing for a STEIXWAY any time within
three years and full purchase price allowed;
!he beat makers of every crade to select from;
beautiful new uprights $6 cash. K per month,
some good pianos for $3, H and $3 per month.
SHERMAN, CLAY- & CO., STEIXWAY
DEALKRS. corner Kearny and Sutter sts..
San Francisco; corner Broadway and-Thir-
teenth sts.. Oakland.
A NICE (rtano for beginners.................... $75
Cne a llttl- better f. Si
One still better /. 100
Fine Hallet & Davis V~>
Klngsbury. slightly used 1 k »
Easy payments: Checkering. Vose. Sterling.
Curtaz and other pianos; sheet music and
everythlnr In the music line. BENJ. CUU-
TAZ &. SON. 18 OTarreU st.
ABSOLUTELY the largest exclusive wholesale
and retail piano house west of Chicago.
SPECIAL THIS MONTH.
Bargains In all standard makes from $30 to
JTSS. Agents for Hallet A Davis. Bo*ton"s old-
e«^ and most famous piano; also Behr Bros,
and 10 other makes. Pianos rent; rent allowed
It purchased. HEINE PIANO CO.. 217 Geary.
ABSOLUTELY the oldest and largest house
west of Chicago Is KOHLER A CHASE'S, 26.
18 and SO CFarrell at.: pianos, organs and
all other musical Instruments of all grades
and prices; terms easy; prices lowest; every-
thing possible done to please and satisfy th«
customer.
VIOLIN strings; never wet: beat rn the world:
making and repairing of all kinds of musical
Instruments. Carl C Anderson. 417 Geary st.
GENTLEMAN irolns to New Tork will sacrtflce
large upright piano. 324 Golden Gate ave.
BE tn the swim; rent a new piano for {3 per
month. SCOTT-CTRTAZ CO., 563 Hayes st.
A cleaning out of pianos for storage: dirt cheap;
Installments. Wtlson'a Storage. 1710 Market.
AT KEEFFE-S. 933 Market St.. 4 elegant up-
r!fhts at your own price. Shoninser agency.
A BARGAIN: must be> sold: nice upright piano.
SCn.MITZ. 1» McAllister at., next Hlb. Bank.
SOHMER & CO., Byron Mauzy. Gabler. 8pei!-
man and other pianos. 308 Post st.
8UPERIOR -Jolts*, zithers, old and new. H.
MTTLLER. rnaker. repairer. 2 Latham place.
REDUCTION sale: new pianos; J5 payments;
for rent, $2 up. BRUEXX. 208 Post st.
HIGH-GRADE pianos; St-ck. Hardman. Con-
over * others. "W. B. ALLFTX CO.. 314 Post.
CHEAPEST and best In America— Th« Weekly
Call. 18 pages, sent to any addreta tn the
United States or Canada one year for It.
OFFICES AND STORES TO LET.
LARGE elegant store and basement; 933 Valen-
cia St.. near tlst; buslnees center: suitabi*
for any business.
I . PALMISTRY.
H. JEROME FOSSELLI. scientific palmist. 613
Taylor st.. bet. Geary and Port; tel. Black 681.
MMB. NEERGAARD has removed to 700 Post:
1 hours 1 to 5 eve., and S-.mday by appointment.
PERSONALS.
MIDDLE aged man In good circumstances
would like to correspond with young Jadv;
object, matrimony. Address box 472S, Call.
GENTLEMAN. 32, with means, wishes ac-
quaintance of a German working girl; object
matrimony. Box 150. Call office.
AT Lederer's all this week, larse- stock of
hair ornaments at low figure* ; artistic hair-
dressing only 25c: switches cheap. 123 Stoktn.
THE HUDSON' RIVER CO..
HOPKB BROS.
Mattresses and pillows made to order, recov-
ered and renovated; honest work guaranteed;
prices defy competition; fine upholstery;
phone 5309; factory, SIS and 320 Eleventh at.;
flrst-class cleaning and dyeing. 123 O'Farrell
st. near Powell. San Francisco.
ELECTRIC lights In every room— Winchester
Hotel. 44 Third st.. near Market: 7C0 rooms;
25c to U 50 per night; 11 50 to |S per week;
free 'bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
LADIES should use Mma. Reiner's depilatory;
removes superfluous hair Instantly; no pain.
MME. REINER. 531 Sutter at.. 10 to 4.
SUITS -to order on installments: $15 upward ; J
II a week. LEON LEMOS, 1117 Market St.,
between Seventh and Eighth.
PRIVATE detective work; reasonable rates; 10
years' experience. J. B. RAY. 357 Jesale'at.
SUITS to order from $15 up on easy payments.
The Richelieu. 700 Market st... near Geary.
LEDERER'S Qulntonica hair tonic preserves
and beautifies your hatr: try It; 35c bottle.
KODAK films 3Vfcx3H developed only 25c per
roll. Rembrandt Studio, 830 Market, cor. Stkn.
LEDERER'S Foamo Shampoo: a perfect clean-
ger: try It once; 6c pkg. 123 Stockton at.
< — .
ALL wishing to loin an amateur dramatic dub
call room 23. 123S Market St., for particulars.
MME. ADA. the wonderful gifted healer re-
moved to 1104 Market st.. offices 3 and 4.
SUITS to order on easy payments. Art Tailor-
lng Co.. 1S44 Mkt.. under St. Nicholas Hotel.
OLD geld, sliver, diamonds and precious stones
bought. J. R. JENKEL. 817 Market -t^ 00 "
HAIR Quickly curled or waved by using Tal-
cotfs curling fluid; 25c a bottle; drugslsts.
WANTED— Old-fashioned silver, brass C0DD«r
ware; curios, all descriptions. 5a Du'pont st
ALFREDUMS Egyptian Henna restores gray
hatr to lt» natural color: $t. at all druggists.
CAST-OFF clothing, old gold and silver bought-
send postal. COLEMAN'S. 506 Kearny stl
PHYSICIANS AXP StnCEOXS. '
DR. C C. O"I^x^E__--Offlc» and reaidTn^T
• "***-•**• ¦¦» ¦¦. ..-¦.« — j- ~*200 Gould & Curry. SS 1200 Yellow Jacket.. 24
500 Gould & Curry. 89
Afternoon Session.
1000 Andes 121 500 Ophlr 105
300 Andes 11 500 Overman 13
200 Belcher 231 300 Overman 14
600 Belcher ; 21 S00 Potosi 24
200 Belcher 25 13C0 Potosi 25
700 Best & Belcher 42 SCO Savage 28
300 Best & Belcher 43 11200 Savage 30
400 Best & Belcher 47: 500 Savage 22
300 Best & Belcher 4Si 300 Savage 34
800 Challenge Con. 26 ! W)0 Savage 35
350 Chollar 25 500 Seg Belcher.... 03
200 C C & Va....l 42ft 300 Sierra Nevada. 43
600 C/C & Va 145 300 Sierra Nevada. 44
6«0 Crown Point... 16 400 Sierra Nevada. 49
200 Gould & Curry. 8s 300 Sierra Nevada. 47
200 Gould & Curry. SO 200 Sierra Nevada. 48
. 300 Gould & Curry. 90 200 Sierra Nevada. 50
200 Gould & Curry. 98 300 bilver Hill 38
600 Gould & Curry.l 00 j 800 Union Con 28
500 Justice 07; 700 Union Con 30
400 Mexican 47; 200 Union Con 33
1200 Ophir SS 1500 Yellow Jacket.. 25
500 Ophlr 1 00 1 300 Yellow Jacket.. 26
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
TUESDAY, Oct. 9—4 p. m.
Bld.Ask. 1 Bid.Ask.
Alpha 05 07 Justice 08 09
Alta 03 M Kentuck 03 04
Andes 11 12 Lady Wash — 03
Belcher ......... 26 27 Mexican 51 62
Best .& Belcher. 45 46 ( Occidental 11 12
Bullion 03 04 Ophir 100 105
Caledonia ...... 49 6l;Overman 12 13
Chollar 28 27iPotosl 24 25
Challenge Con.. 25 26 Pavage 33 35
Confidence 82 85 8corpion ........ 01 —
Con Cal & Va..l 40 1 45 Seg Belcher 02 03
Con Imperial... 01 03 (Sierra Nevada. 51 52
Con New York. 01 —(Stiver Hill....;. 38 40
Eureka Con — 45' St Louis — li
Crown Point.... 17 19 Standard S 90 —
Exchequer 01 02 Syndicate ...... 04 —
Gould & Curry. 1 05 1 15 Union Con 31 32
Hale & Norcrs. 31 33'Utah 18 19
Julia..". 04 — Yellow Jacket.. 27 28
COMMERCIAL NEWS
Continued from Page Eight.
Builders' Contracts.
Claus Srireckels (owner) with Otis Elevator
Company (contractors), architects Reid Bros. —
One electric passenger elevator for building In
course of construction on lot on S line of Market
street, between Third and Fourth, adjoining
the Claus Spreckels building; 13525.
The Leon Millinery Company (a corporation)
(owners) with William Bateman (contractor),
architects Reid Bros.— Store fixtures, etc., re
quired in connecCpn with remodeling and flt
ting up of store, part of building occupied by
Hale Bros. (Inc.), on lot on S line of Mar
ket street. 412:6. from Fifth, and extending
about 137:6 toward Sixth; J2350.
Paul Bancroft (owner) with John McCarthy
(contractor), architect Clinton Day — Exca
vating, and concrete work for foundation walls
for building to be erected on E line of Van
Ness avenue, 63:10 S of gutter. E 109, N 63:10.
W 109. S 63:10; total. J1S50.
Forged Money Orders.
NEW YORK, Oct. 9.— Richard J. Car
roll, who was chief money order clerk in
Branch E of the Postofflce in this city,
was arrested to-day for forging and rais
ing money orders, Carroll was arraigned
before United States Commissioner
Shield3, and his examination was set for
next Saturday.
HOTEL ARRIVALS.
NEW WESTERN HOTEL.
Ed Eddy & w. Cal
H Steele, Angela
C 5 Merrill. FalrfleM
S M Bassett, FairlWJ
Dr.H St G Hopkinc,
r Nome . -'
L H Ginon, Nome
C Weatherford, Nom«
E Kearny, Spokane
W E Miller. Kans
L Pozzl. Kans
J Pozzt, Kans
J H Heard * w. Cal
P Manuel &'w. Hono
C G Spencer. Honolulu
D Manuel, Honolulu
J McAmich. Cincinnati
G Watson. B C -.-; *
H Leakey. B C
J Phelnhardt & w.Colo
P F Foley, Nome
R Griffin. N Y
J A King. Chicago
GRAND
F G Daury.Cal
W J Mitchell & w, Cal
J C Dowland, Sacto
Capt P-H Mason. Cal
A M Blenner, ' Cal
W B Costigan, Sausalit
M E McGrath, Denver
F W Swanton.'S Cruz
L in Pont Syle, Berk
N H-Wulff, Napa
J H Keefe. Cal
H M Reed. Reedley
C L Russell; Tulare
O Wetherbee.- Los Ang
H Hayes, Hllo
J H McPherson & w.
' Honolulu
Mlss-M A Foster. Hon
L Goodnow, Minn
W O Russell, Davlsvll
H D Kercheval. Cal
W E Kellar. Los Ang
D H Claxk. Chicago I
J T Johnson. S Barb
J Mathewson, N J
Mrs J Scrivener. 8ac*to'
G N Randle. Sacto
M J Wright & w. Sac
A Anderson & w, Cal
L Prior. Sulsun
W W Ketchuiri. Chicag j
W B Piyton, Cal
G V Reed, Vlsalia
L P Swift &.w. Fresno
W E Bulbon. S Diego;
F H Smith. "Stockton
R L Wayland. NY-
A H Hart. N Y
R E Poppe, Sonom*
P C Cohen, Folsom
A . J. Bryan. Chlco .
E Sweeney, Redding
J B Duffy. Cal
W S de Turk & w.
Petaluma
HOTEL.
T . H Barnard. Chlco
E M BUHnger., Benicla
J C Boyd, Sacto
C F Renne.'Sta Clara
Mrs B W Rice. Seattle
L H Jewell. Seattle
C Redpath. Winnipeg
J Rowan, Seattle
W H Nelsen, Toronto
S F Carey, Mariposa
M Ahrams. Sta Crua
Dr W. Lucas, S Maria
D Flint. Sacto
AM Given. Cal
C Walter. Cal
T Jacob. Visalla
Mrs P W Jacob. Visal
Mrs WD Holt. Plttsbg
Miss L D Kelsey. Pitts
MIm II n Co*. Wash'
J L Boone. Seattle .
Mrs E M niltott. Denvr
M!ps Klll-tt. Denver
Mrs W B-ll, Cal
W W Douglas, Sacto
H Eschenburtf. Gllroy
>T JamM. Auburn
J.T Riley. Crass Vail
E C Hart. Sacto
J Brown. Concord i
S Tom pk Ins San Jose
T Gilbert. Berkeley
F Morris, Kansas
W J BiKgers Jr. Napa
C M Xe*l & w. Chlcag
G M Churchill. Phila
G W Watson & fam.
Eureka
A'J. Nauman & w. Cal
E A Grau, Irvlngton
R.B Butter. Fresno
Mrs A M Allen. Fresno
D Daiigh»rty. Ch'cago
R J Prince, Boston
G H Anderson. 3 Jo«e
PALACE HOTEL.
S Cox; Oregon
C F Btorey. Buffalo
C Storck. NY
R.M Turner. Oregon
Mrs R M Turner, Or
Miss V Turner, Or
W H Draper, . Boston
Mrs Draper, Boston
Miss L Draper, Boston
T E Gibson. Lcs Ang
T McMullin, Dawson
O H Clark. Dawson
A R Brown. Scotland
Mrs Brown, Scotland
J F Forbis, Butte
W B Rogers, Helena
T Gamtt, N Y
C W Ralker. London
Mr Botkin. N Y
Mrs Botkin. N Y
Mrs A J Glllmore. L A
P A Demons. Los Ang
H D Campbell. Cal
L F Coburn, Yreka
H A Allen. Chicago
J G King, Los Ang
H H Knapp. Napa
J G Hunter, Ky
Mrs J G Hunter. Ky
W A Hunter, Ky
Mrs W'A Hunter, Ky
W D Palmer. Atlanta
R G Whltlock. Ky
A C Nellls. N T
Mm O Geddes. i< Diego
Mrs F R Burham. S D
Miss Sharon. S Diego
J G Messln. Los Ans
Mrs Messln. Lns Ang
H G Stevenson, Menio
Mrs Stevenson, Menio
E T DuPuls, Carson
Mrs DuPui*. Carson
Miss C ' Klein. Carson
F A Leaa. Montana
J R Helntze, Germany
J D Blckrell. Los An,'
D Melone, Cal
D E Skinner. Detroit
J I AHenbach. Reno
Mrs AHenbach. Reno
W H Remain*. N Y
A C Van Nest. N Y
M Wooley. N Y
Mrs Wooley. N Y
MIm Selleck. N Y
Dr L P Jones, Conn
G E Nichols, Conn
Mrs Beyfus. London
W A Overton. N Y
J M&ccabe, London
C A Sandley, Chicago
CHICAGO, Oct. 9,^-Mint Sauce, a rank
outsider In the betting, won the Turf
Congress handicap at Harlem this after
noon. The stake was worth $2800 to the
winner. The Lady, at 10 to 1. was second
and Serrano third. Weather clear; track
fast. Results: "
Six furlongs— Gala Day won. Peace second,
Pirate J third. Time. 1:14.
Four and a half furlongs— Harry Herendon
won. Tenny Belle second. 8hut Up third.
Time, :54 2-5.
One mile— Goleta won. Found second. Pre
cursor third. Time, 1:39 4-5.
Turf Congress stake, mile and three-six
teenths—Mint Sauce won. The Lady second.
Serrano third. Time, 1:59.
Five ¦ and a half furlongs— Bessie Macklln
won. May Btach second. Sly third. Time,
1:06 1-5.
Six furlongs— Light Ball won, Fondo second.
La Desirous third. Time, 1:15 1-6.
Mile and a sixteenth, selling— Owensboro
won. Aloha II second, Aurea third. Time,
1:47 3-5.
NEW YORK, Oct. 9.— The stormy
weather cut down the attendance at Mor
ris Park to the regulars to-day. The
Rancho del Paso stakes had only four
starters, Silverdale, the favorite, win
ning easily. Results:
Six and a half furlongs— Armour won, "West
Baden second. Draughtsman third. Time,
1.24H-
Ono mile — Sparrow Wing won, Watercure
second. The Chamberlain third. Time, 1:45.
Rancho del Paso stakes, eclipse course—Sil
verdale won. Telamon second, Autolight third.
Time, 1:10%.
One and a sixteenth miles — Greenock won.
Wooster Boy second. Time, 1:50. Only two
starter?.
One mile— Harry McCoun won. Mil 1st ream
second. Belle of Orleans third. Time. 1:44%.
One milp— Rafaello. won. Duoro second, Her
bert third. Time. 1:43%.
ST. LOUIS, Oct. 9.— Track slow. Re
sults:
Selling, one and an eighth miles— Waldeclc
won. Linden Ella second, Celeste d"Or third.
Time, 1:57V4.
Mile — Imp. Kirnmage won. Coral second. Or
landlne third. "Time. 1:44.
Selling, five furlongs— Downhearted won, Miss
Golightly second. Elsie Del third. Time. 1:03.
Selling, one mile — Colonel Gay won, De Blaise
second, Jackadie third. Time. 1:44.
Five furlongs— Curd Gilllck won, Poyntz sec
ond. Al Lone third. Time, 1:03.
Six furlongs— Eugenie Wlckes won. Captain
Gair.es second. Maggie Davis third. Time,
1:1514.
BUFFALO, Oct. 9.— Results:
Seven furlongs— Wild Het won, Robert Gray
second. The Jefferson third. Time, 1:31V*.
Four and a half furlongs— Khaki won. Little
Joe second. Bramble Bush third. Time, :57%.
One and a sixteenth miles— Death won, Tip
gallant second. Double Dummy third. Time,
1:51%.
One mile— Nearest won. Harry Lucesco sec
ond. Mouseltof third. Time, 1:4£U.
Six furlongs— Profit won, Gun Cotton second
Lucayne third. Time, 1:17%.
Six furlongs— Hansbrough won. Wilson sec
ond, Springsteen third. Time. 1:17V4.
The I*ady at Odds of Ten to One
Conies in Second and Ser
rano Takes Third
Waa^a Rank Outsider in
the Betting at
Harlem.
MINT SAUCE WINS
THE HANDICAP
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL,, WEDNESDAY, OCTOBER 10, 1900.
11
OAKLAM) REAL ESTATE.
FURNISHED or unfurnished house of S lane
' rooms and bath: sanitary plumbing: lot 50x
130: central location. Apply 539 19th St.. Oakld.
OAKLAND HOUSES TO LET.
OOOD houses Get list from OEO. W. AUS-
TIN * f*V: TOOK BronrjTvav. Oakland.
OAKLAM) FURXITURE- TOR SALE.
AN Introduction to you from H. Schellhaas. th«
furniture dealer. 11th and Franklin. Oakland.
ALAMBPA KOOMS AXDJrtOARD^
FIRST-CLASS board and suite of rooms for
man and wife; private family in Alameda;
Apply box 4407. Call office^ '
SACRAMENTO, 1514— One nicely furnished
room; private residence; light housekeeping
allowed.
SHOTWELL. 463 — One large sunny room, with
board; use of bath; reasonable.
SHERMAN Apsrtment House. 2S Eighth St.,
npar Market— Furnished or unfurnished.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1006
Valencia st.
ROOMS AVD BOARD.
BOARD and rocins ct 415 First St.. near Mar-
r!f>on. .
ROOMS ASD DOARD WAXTED.
YOUNG man wishes room with two meals a
day In private family; Swedish preferred;
state price. Box 4722. Call office.
ROOMS papered from 52 SO; whitened., tl up;
palntlrr done. Hartman Paint Co.. S19 Third.
CAD tenants ejected for $4: collections made;
city or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION CO..
412 Montgomery st.. rooms 3-10; tel. C5S0.
SPECIAL >"OTICES.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
m©MVOY <t co.,
FUNERAL DIRECTORS & EMBALMERS
1239 Market st.. between 8th and 9th.
\ Telephone 'South 247.' ¦..-¦-¦
HENRY J. GALLAGHER CO..
iSuccessor to Flannag-an a Gallasher)
DANIEL P. DONOVAN, Mgrf
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALMER3.
JO Fifth St.. opposite Lincoln School.
Telephone South 80.
IT/NERAL DIEE0T0E3 AND EMBALKEH3.
Finest : Equipment at ; Moderate Rates.
27 and 29 Fifth St. Tel. South 187,
UNITED UNDERTAKERS.
cation. CHAS. V L. B. DAVIS, MaJ., Enf'rs.
U. B. ENGINEER office, Flood bid?., 8an Fran-
cisco. Cal.. Oct. 8. 1900-Sealed proposals for
constructlntr a wharf and tramway at I Point
Bonita. Cal.. will be received here until 12
rn., November 8, 1900, and then - publicly
opened. Information furnished on appllca-
PROPOSALS.
SIXTH ave.. west sMe. between Clement and
Point Lobe* •»••«., the two choicest lots lu
Richmond; 25x110: reafiy lor building: car*
pats In front; eubrr.it me an offer as I want
to sell the lots; v.iii e»il for caah or on In-
stallments.
~;' r ,^ th I"'*' west " ll!% ' clo *« to Clement: lot
SP^C w 90 a cho1ce lf) t: K00. W. J. GUNS',
630 California et.. betTrcen Montfomery and
Ktrarr.v.
SSMSBHBaiBMtBgi
6-P.rx^M modern home. Presidio Hel«:hts IS500-
S? mISS at. MoCAnTITT COMPACT.
B V™ T trict i P»-ftr •»•>*. nous* of 6
?Sn 1 "? basement: decorated;
Name— Certificate. Shares. Amount.
H? M. Von Holt 85 6 $45
And In aocordance with law and aa order
from the Board of Director* made on the
22nd day of August. 1900, so many shares of
such parcel ot stock as may be necessary
will be sold at public auction at the office
of the company. No. 827 Market street. San
Francisco, Cal., on Thursday, the 25th day
of October, 1900. at the hour of 1 o'clock p.
m of said day, to pay said delinquent as-
eee*ment thereon, together with costs of ad-
rerttslas: and expanses of sale. ¦
E. H. SHELDON. Secretary.
Office, No. 827 Market it, Ban Francisco,
Cal. '" - ' ¦
DELINQUENT SALE NOTICE OF HOXo"
LULU SUGAR COMPANY, LOCATION OF
PRINOPAL PLACE OF* BUSINESS, SAN
FRANCISCO. CALIFORNIA.
NOTICE— There Is delinquent on the following
described stock, upon account of assessment
No. 6. levied on the 22nd day of August. 1900,
the amount set opposlt* tht nam« of th«
nfcareholder aa follows:
No. No.
DELINQUENT NOTICES.
2M ACRES of Una In Alameda. County for tale
st XVI p»r the land Is worth double that
price easily; it le th» chance of a lifetime; to
Ji?*^- 3 " •**•*»! caJl at once. W. J. GUKN.
f.aii.onua et.. between Montgomery and
Kearny.
Catpets
Lots of pretty patterns
and choice colorings in
Smith's Axminster Carpets
—borders to match,
$1 a Yard.
':-, Come and see the Carpets
— always welcome whether,
you buy or not.
Persons interested Mri
Rugs, Carpets, Linoleums,
Curtains,' Mattings, etc.,
should watch our big win-
dow displays of exclusive
goods. Changed weekly.
Schluctcj:
. 215-217 Sutter St, above Kearny.
TYPEWRITERS AXD SUPPLIES.
GREATTBAROAINS IN TYPKWRITEIlS-^We
sell better machines for less money than any
house In the city: rentals, JJ. The Typewriter
Exchange. £36 California; telephone Main £66.
ALWATS bargains In typewriters; any moke.
Write for prices to L t M. ALBXA.NDKR,
110 Montgomery st.
PACIFIC PtorBB-e and Furniture Moving- Com-
. pany. 2320 Fillmore st. ; phone Jackson /SI.
WILSON* BROS., storage and moving: covered
vans. Tenth and Market: phone South 7S2.
STOIIAGE A.\D WAREHOUSES.
BEKIXS Van and Flora Re Co.. 721 Mission St.;
tel. Main 1S40; shipping at cut rates.
BOUGHT, sold, rented, repaired: needles and
shuttles; reduced rates. 145 6tfa; phone Mint 45.
ALL kinds boueht. sold and repairing- guaran-
teed. Charles Plambeck. 1915 Mission, nr. 15th.
KEA1L J2STATE— CITY— FOR SALE.
rzz
EAS-TON, ELDRIDGE & CO..
CSS MARKET STREET.
A LOVELY HOME
MIDST SUNSHINE AND FLOWERS
FOR YOUR RENT MONET.
IWO-CAfH DOWN; move In and pay us what
the place Is rented for; t rooms and bath
and stable: on Chattanooga, near 22d st. ;
WUmmioa 'Warm Belt; Misslon-sl. cars I
l>ats; larpe lot. 2ixll«:6 feet to rear street;
rented for J17 per month.
PAYS 12 PER CENT.
ITTiO— Near Stockton and Sutter sts.; 3 new
modern slats; rents $77 60 per month.
HAYES-STREET FLATS.
SG7:«— S modern flats. 7-7-S rooms and bath:
ren-us ££; sunny tide; 25x137:6 feet.
TO CLOSE AN ESTATE.
STAC-- Make offer: 3 flats of S-4-S rooms; rents
*27 10 £-er mo. ; near Sth and Howard sts.
RICHMOND COTTAGE.
J?;0 cash, balance as rent; pretty modern
cot tape. « rooms and bath: let 25x120 feet;
on Fifth avc.
JONES- STREET RESIDENCE.
JSTX) REDUCED FROM 112.000.
On that elegant residence block on Jones
«-t.. bet. Clay and Sacramento; lot 27:6x
120 feet; 9 rooms and bath.
POST-STREET COTTAGE.
j;xoo— Cottape 5 rooms and bath; lot 23x137:6
feet; sunny side street.
ELEGANT SUNNY CORNER HOUSE
FOR YOUR KENT MONEY.
??00 rash, balance as rent; rrice reduced from
J40CO to $23'»>; modern house; 11 rooms and
porcelain bath; large lot. :4:llxll4 feet;
northeait corner.
MISSION WARM BELT LOT.
$2500— Reduced from J<C«O; best part: no fop, no
wind; 40x100 feet.
EASTON, ELDRIDGE & CO..
638 MARKET ST.
AUCTION!
AUCTION!
AUCTION!
TUESDAY. OCTOBER IS. 1900.
AT 12 O'CLOCK NOON.
At our Salesroom, 63S Market st.
DOWNTOWN BUSINESS PROPERTY.
No. 757 Howard et., near Fourth; 2 stores
¦with 3 rootr.s each, and apartment house of 17
rooms and porcelain bath and rear house 4
rooms; rents J35 per month; lot 25x90 feet.
CAPP ST. RESIDENCE.
No. 842 Capp St.. neax Twenty-fourth; house
7 rooms and bath; lot 20x55 feet.
FILLMORE ST. CORNER LOT.
Southeast corner Germanla and Flllmore sts.;
lot 24xSl:3 feet.
SOUTH OF MARKET INVESTMENT.
No. 70 Converse St.. noar Bryant; 2 flats of
4 rooms each and rear house 3 rooms; rents $25.
SOUTH OF MARKET STORE AND FLATS. |
No. 2SS Shirley St.. nesr Sixth; store and 3
room* and 2 flats above of 4 and S rooms; also
2 rear flats of 3 rooms; all rented; J1S per
month.
/ MISSION WARM BELT FLATS.
"CS-70 Lexington ave.. near Nineteenth st. : 2
flats of 4 and 5 rooms and bath; rents $32 50:
lot 25xS0 feet.
ASHBURT HEIGHTS LOTS.
East side Tremont ave., 72 feet south of
Frederick St.; 3 lots 25xS0 feet; on terms.
WESTERN ADDITION STORE AND FLAT.
No. 1415-17 Pacific st.. near Hyde; etore an,d
2 rooms and flat of 5 rooms; rents $32 p«r
month; lot 2ux73 feet.
GUARDIANSHIP SALE.
PEREMPTORY SALE-TO HIGHEST BID-
DER—NO RESERVE.
Five larsre lots located north of the Park In
the Richmond IMstrtct, £s per catalogrue.
M LBS ION RESIDENCE.
West side. No. 12H Church st., near Twenty-
seventh; modern house 7 rooms and bath; 25
XSO ieet.
NORTH BEACH HOME.
No. 1 Randall tt.. near Greenwich; 27x56 feet;
house 5 rooms and basement.
EASTON. ELDRIIXJE & CO..
C38 Market et.
BALDWIN & HO WELL.
U MONTGOMERY STREET.
IS500— Rer.tg t?T per month; corner In the Mis-
sion; all rented; let 25x112:6 to an alley.
tlOGO cash, balance on mortgage; rents ?39 per
monUi ; etore and flats; Clara Et.
ttl.OOO-Rer.ts 12100 per year; corner on Ellis,
near Van Ness; new improve :nenta.
jriOO— Rents U2 per month: a nirv bartraln;
pass bis interest; laripe lot; splendid 1m-
provemecu; near Jackeon and Mason.
$5000— Owner anxious to sell: two-story resi-
dence; S rooms and bath; large lot. 32:6x
115 to an alley; near Capp and Twenty-
fifth ets.
/tI4,5Ofr-Rents J1260 a year; well Improved busi-
ness corner; near Sutter and Flllmore
tit,.; large lot. £5x100; stores and resi-
dences.
15000— Near the corner of Fourth and Minna
ets.; lot 25x70; 3-story building of I fiats;
rents I4&0 per year; right In the heart
of town.
J2T50 — Rents $36 per month; corner on Dolores
et.; well improved with t new flats of 5
and C rooms and bath each; always
rented: lot ££x£S.
$4200— Rents 122 per month; Buchanan et.. nr.
Halfc-fct; 2-story house of 8 rooms and
bath; street bltumlnized ; cement Fide-
walk; a decided bargain for a home
seeker.
J300fr-Tour own tenns; new cottage, Just com-
pleted; 2215 Lacuna et.. corner lot, near
Lombard; 5 rooms. Lath, reception hall,
etc.
J52S0— Fourth et.: retail business property—
etore and flat; rents 150 per month; pays
S r*>r cent net; must be Bold to close
estate; this is a bargain.
$19.000— Rents fl60 per month; always rented;
eame tenants for years; large corner;
well Improved with stores and flats;
McAllister et.. not far from Van Ness.
J'C'0 — Rents $S6 per month; price reduced to
maJce quick sale; 2 houses and rear cot-
tage on McAllister St., close to Laguna.
m BALDWIN & HOWELL. 10 Montgomery et.
OPPOSITE NEW PARK EXTRAXCK.
Superior building lota on very easy payments;
<^n line of the H-st. electric cars and fronting
Golden Gate Park and the new Wth-ave. boule-
vard; otily a roinute'B walk from Strawberry
Hill and Tark attraction*.
Macadamised Streets on Official Grades.
—Plank Sidewalks. Gaa and Water Service!!—
Moderate Trices— The Choicest Locality.
Rar« Chance for Investment Seekers
and Home Builders.
Your Own Ternm — Interest Only 6 Per Cent.
V-cr,»r advanced for building purposes! the
conlltBt and handsomest modern houses in
Fuaset Dlrtrlct are now being occupied and
CMmrurted on the new 19th-ave. boulevard.
Call at on« at our branch office (open week
Cays, Pund&ya and holidays), corner of H St.
and Sth ave., routh of Golden Gate Park, and
aFk to he fchown these beautiful lots. Full par-
ticulars and price lists also at cur office.
BALDWIN & HOWELL.
10 Montgomery St.
SEWIXG MACHINES AND SUPPLIES.
ALL kinds bought, sold, rented, exchan^<>d; re-
pairing lowest rates: open even. Z05 Fourth.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
recelx'ed at Call branch office. 2200 Flllmore Bt.
SIXTH, 136— Sunny furnished rooms for light
hougekwplnR: also other rooms.
JLJJLBOAD TBAVEIfc
MOHTSSKKN I-Aliri)' ndlPiMI.
(rAoiric st»tbm.>
Trmlna !••%¥•> »n«l »«••• due •» nrrlv* Mt
. WAN FUAM«'IN«'«>.
ST J - (Main Line. Foot "t Mark'* Stre«L)
LitTi — From October 1, 1X3. — aruiti
•7:OOa Ben id v Suisim, EJrnir*. Viciiille,
Rumsey ami Saer»raemo *7:li»p
•IiOOa Shasta Kipress— l>\iig. Williams (for
Bartlett Springs^ Willows. Bod
BluS. l\v.-i:ainL ». *Til3»
•Ttrtn* Maitiuex. .SanKaiuon.V&lleja. Napa,
t>i»!iili>i(»airUS:nit» Ui>»* •H:l.1r
*8:OUa D:»»U, Womllsnd, Knights Lamllag-,
MsirnTitte. trro«i:le. •7i«3r
•ntOO.t AtUnti.- Kipresa— Ugdon and Kast *12:*.%r
•»:«i» v N'liet . Tricy. Laihrop. Stockton *t»: 13a
• maw* Halt Jm.. Literiuote. Mlucktnii,
lone, Mirramriito, Plaowiu>, • w
MxrjxTlIK C'blon, Ke<l ICIuir Mlt3f
•«:3«Ia nakdalr. Ubinese. Mutton. Carters... *l:!3r
•U:u»* H*yw.r.U. Nik* and Way ITIuHiwsj. M Is 13*
*1»:O4»* Los Angeiea ¦ Express — Martinmr,
Tner, l.«tiiri»|i. H'ocKt.iu, .Mi-ro-ri
Fresno ami Los Angtilea *?:l3p
•«l::it»» Vttli.-ji.. Murlluex aiwl Way Station* *3>13r
•I«»!OO« TboOverUml LlmiUxt— OtfUen, Den-
ier. Umaha. Chicago «O 4 1 r
¦11:00* Kilts. Btociuon. Macramrnto, Men-
dota. Kruno, Haufiml. Vlaolia.
Firterfille MilSt
M1:OO* Ufermnre. Sanpsr. Goshen Jane- .-.»
- t;.m. Cikr nttrlil. I.os Augeles
•ItttOttM IU}w*r i«. Miles wid \v ay ntatlima. "it 1-1 r
tliOllr Sacramento l:i?rr H>«-.m.-i« t3:)»n»
•2i««r lUjvanU, Nil.s tail Wnj JIUtloni . ••¦>: 4.1 f
*4<M«r Marline*. Hait lUm»n, Vallejo,
Nh|.h. r«!l»tf>«*. S.mt» K<«a •Uil-1*
MiOtr Beulcia. Winters. Haciar»ento, ."VT
WiMMllan.l, Kulkhta l*udsug.
Maryailllc. Oro»illf> •!«: 13*
Mi3«r Nlles.Hsii.lmiea.Kt Stockton *?sl3»
•3:OttrTh« Owl IJ:nltod— Traey, Trnno.
lWkersflql.l. Uaugna (ur Sauta D»r-
b»r.i. Lob Augelea. MAil-1*.
•n<O*r Stockton..,. *U:«3*
•BrtWrNew OiU-aat Eipnas-ltalienirlfllit.
Hanta lUrli.f., !.(• An^-ltn Dora-
in*. Cl Paso, How Orleans and
Rut *7t43»
•f):uo r najward*. Nile* and i*au Jose '7: l*«
4O:0»r Vnllajo M3il3r
•tftOOrOriautal Mall-Ogtleu, Cneyenne.
Oinaba, Chicago *12:t3r
•6:00r OriouUl Malt— Ogdon. Denver
Omalia. Chicago •4>I.1*>
•7:*)Q» NUes, Tracy, Lathrop. Stocktoa.... # ia:lSp
•?rilOr Oregon and Calirurui* Kifrma.Maa-
•MMttli*. MarjRTilie. Ito.l.llix.
1'mtUml. hut BUM* and i:»,i •«:I3*
t«i<i3r Vsllrjo. Fort Ccita au.l Way »»»-
tloiis \Wi99*
COAST DIVIMON (Narrow (i*u«e).
(Foutof Market Street. >
¦¦il»AMe«wk.C'0iitcriiile..SauJi»M,Fi>lton.
Boulder CrreMautaCnn and Way
Button* } *•>!•»
I*»l3p New-irk, C«nUif III*. San J018, Now
Almadeu. Fnltou. Itoni.ler Creek,
SaiiU V.txn and l'riuclpal Wa;
Stations t««tiA«*.
•4«l3r Newark, S«n Jo*e. Lou Oatos *Si3«U
all»3r Huntars' Excursion, Ban Joso and
Way Stations I'iiftf
CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
fnaSil Ml I CISCO— n*t if Mtrkd Slr«t(Slii S)
•7:1ft »:00 11:00*.M. \\$Z »3:33 JJ:JJ
•»:C3 t5:C3 •8:S3r>.M. *
ff«a» 0UUI9 — reil »r Br«.it»«r. — '11:00 8:09 1000* M.
112:30 «1;C3 t«:CJ *3:S3 li;S3 "133r.il.
COAST DIVISION (RroaitUaiw,.
(ThlrJ ai <* Townwml Stu.)
t«: I«a Ocean View, South Han Francisco. . fil"i'»r
*?>•«* Nan Jo«« and *7»y .Suti..ni (.New
Ahna.ler We<lue.idajaotily). *l:30r
•¦iOB* Han Jme. Tres IMno*. HanU Crnx,
Tactile «ir<>»«. I'aan llobles. Han
l.nls ')l»l«i«.». Hurf. Lompoc and
l'rlnefpal Way Hutl.ms # -Ii1O»
•loilii* 8an Jusa aud Way Hutious *«iZ3 A
*lll3«* Mmi .long mill Wa- .Station* *3t3»r
fJil3r Sa:i Matro, Redwood. Menio Park.
Palo Alto. Santa Clara. San .lose.
Trea Pinos. Santa <'rnz, Saiinas,
Moutarnyatid I'acllle Gro~a IIAtSlli
i*i!l«r San Jose ami Way Station* *7s3a r
H:ISr dan Jose and Principal Way Stations •»: I.V*
t-isOOrSau Jo»», Los Gatos and Priudpat
Way .Stations tO:««%
*3:3Or 8an Jote an.) Princinal Way Stations *Mt33a
•»«a«r San Joss ami Way Station* tM-.MO*
qlli'j.Vr San Joss ami Way Smtiun* «7a8f>r
A for Morning I" for Afternoon
* Dally. . t hu.i.Ut ezeeptnd. t Sunday only.
n vj »r>ir'1r«r nn!T.
CILlf ORNIA N3RTBWESTEBX BT. CO."
SAN FRANCISCO AND NORTH PACIFlt
RAILWAY COMPANY.
TlSuron Ferry. Foot ot Market St.
BAH FRAKCI3CO TO SAN RAFAEL.
WEEK DAYS-7:30. 1:00. 11:00 a. m.: 12:3%
8:30. 5:10. 8:30 p. m. Thursdays— Extra trip
at 11:30 o. m. Saturdays— Extra trips at 1:54
and 11:39 o. m. , .
BUNDAY-1— 8:fX>, 9:30. 11:00 a, m.; 1:30. S:30V
6:00. 6:20 d. m.
SAN RAKAEL TO 8AN FRANCISCO.
"WEEK DATS— «:1<5, T:SO. 9:20. 11:10 a. m.: 13:43.
t:40. 5:15 p. m. Saturdays— Extra trips at
1:£3 and 6:35 o. m.
BUN DATS— S:10. 9:19. 11:10 a. m.; 1:40. 1:40,
6:05. <:2S D. m.
Between San Francisco and Schuetzen Pars
same schedule, oa above.
• Leave I In Etteet. I. Arrive.
Ban Francisco. [Apr. IS. 1300-1 San FTandscow^
Week J Sun- I I Sun- 1 VTetk
Days. I days. | Destination.] days. | Days.
7:S0»m S:00 »m Novato. 10:40 ami S:4O am
1:30 rm 9:50 am Petaluma. S:05 pm [10:25 arm
t:U pm 6:00 pm Santa Rosa. 7:33 pmj <:20 pra
Fulton.
T:JO am ' Windsor. 10:25 as»
Heald3burs.
; Lytton.
Geyservllle.
1:30 pm 1:00 am Cloverdale. 7:35 pm t:I0pm
7:30 ami I Hopland I 110:23 ara
» :30 pm I 8:00 am| and TJTtlah. I 7:35 pm| «:20 pro
1:30 am 13:23 ara
1:00 am Guerneville. 7:33 pm
1:30 pm 1:20 PO
7:30 am 8:00 am Sonoma 9:15 am 5:40 am
and
6:10 pm 8:00 pm Glen Ellen. 6:05 pm 9:K pra
7:30 ami 8:00 ami 110:40 amll(*:2S am
8:20 pm| S:CO prn! Sebastcpol. I 7:33 pm| (:20 pra
Ftajres conoi-ct at Santa Rcsa for Mark West
Springs and White Sulphur Springs: at Fulton
for Altruria: at Lyttcn for Lyttcn Springs: at
Geyservllle for Skasss Sprinzs: at Cloverdal*
far the Geysers; at norland for Duncaa
Fprinp*. Highland Fprtnirs. Kelseyvilie. Carls-
bad Springs, Sod.-x Bay. Lakeport and BartletC
Springs ; at UVIah for Vichy Springs, Saratog-»
Sprlnrs. Blue Lak:a. Laurel Dell Lake, Witter
Sprinzs, Upper Lake. Pomo, Potter Valley,
John Day's. Riverside, Llerleys. Backnell's.
Sanhedrln Heights. Kullvllle. Orr"s Hot
frrlncs. Mendoc'.no City. Fort Brass. West-
port. Usal. Wllllts. Laytonvllle. Cummins.
Bell's Springs, Harris, Olsen's, Dyer. Sect!*
and Eureka.
Saturday to Monday rouni^trlD tickets at
reduced rates.
On Sunday round trip tickets to an points.
beyond San Rafael at half rates.
Ticket office*. K0 Market St.. Chronfel* bldfc
H. C. WHITING. R. X. RYAN.
General Manager. Gen. Pass. Agent.
NORTH PACIFIC GOASfRAILROADi
Via SausalUo Ferry.
Commencinz September 3o. 1300.
FROM SAN FRANCISCO TO MILL. VALLEl
AND SAX RAFAEL.
WEEK DAYS— «:55, *3:15, 11:00 a, m.. *1:43.
3:15. 4:00, 6:15. '6:15, «:10 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS-For Mill Valley and 6aa
Rafael, on - Mondays, Wednesdays -ad Sat-
urdays at 9:00 and 11:33 p. m.
Sl.'XDAYS— •8:00. 10:00. •11:JO a, m.. "1:13.
J:1S, *4:«. «:30. »:uO p. m.
Trains marked! <•) run to San Quentln.
FROM SAN RAFAEL to SAX FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— 5:23. »i:30. 7:43, 9:30 a. m..
•12:30. 1:45. »S:3O. 4:30. 8:20 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays. Wednesdays
and Saturdays at 6:45 and 10:20 p. m.
SUNDAYS— «:20. *3:00. 'lO^. *U.43 a. m.,
•1M0. »3:15. 4:45. *«:30 p. m.
Trains marked <•) start from San Quentln.
FROM MILL VALLEY TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— 6:45." 8:45. 7:55. 9:30 a. ra..
13:35. 2:10. 3:30. 4:54, 5:20 D. m.
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays. Wednesdays
and Saturdays at 7:10 and 10:20 o. m.
SUNDAYS— 8:05. 10:05 a. m.. 13:05, 2:13. 3:3%
6:00. <:45 p. m.
THROUGH TRAINS.
6:55 a. ro. week days— Cazadero and way sta-
tion*, i
1:43 p. m. Saturdays— Tomales and way na-
tions
.8:00 a. m. Sundays— Tomales and way sta-
tions. ____
Satita Fe
Trains— Dai 'y
'• Leavs ilork;t-«treet Ferry Depot.
Lva. 8aa FrancUco. >:00 a m|4:io p m 1:00 p ns
An. S'.ocktcn 13:30 p m 7:15 p m 11:05 p ra
" M«rced 2:41 p m 1:M a n
" Fresno 4.J0 p ec 3:05 a nt
¦ •* Visalla. «:00 p m 4.&0 a n»
. •• Tulare «:22 p m »:lu a ra
•V Hanford 5:33 pm 7:W a n»
*• Bakerafleld ... »:M P m T:30 s n»
" Denver 10:00 am . *
•• Kansas City... B:13 p m
_**. Chlcaga 7:40 am
» a. ni. train Is the Overland Express. Corre-
sponding train arrives at 6 p. ra. dally.
4:10 c. m. Is Stockton LocaL Cornspondlni
train arrives 11:05 a. m. dally.
8:00 p. m. Is Fresno and Bak*rsfletd,Expr«»s.
with PleepiOK Cars for both citua Correspond*
Ins train arrives at !« a. m. dally.
OFFICES— «1 Market ft. and In Ferry Depot,
«>** Fr«nc!'o"- 1"« r»— -.«-.. fWityimt
a Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
In 1S34 tor the tr jatmenf 01 Privata
IMseases, LnstManbnud. Debility or
disease vearlne on bodyand anna and
sit. In Dlse«se& 1'ne doctor cares w ben
others fall Try htm. Charter iow
I'arr* B;aar»nter.1i. Callorwrlt^
Or. 4. if. «-I Cisosi. B**x l»S7.Son Vrancisca
Weekly Call, $1 per Year
DIED.
Adams, Joseph W\
Ashman. -Alonzo R.
Aylward, Thomas
• Bagnall. John I
Booker, Ada M.
Butler. John
Byrnes, James
Deasy, Denis
Driscoll. Timothy
Eicholzer. Margaret
Eisel, Carl W.
Farrell, John B.
Fitzgerald, Wm. W.
Fontaine. Mary A.
Hillyer. Alford J.
Kerrigan. William M.
Low, Mrs.Wilhelmlnt
Morris, Edward J.
Morton. Ellen
Muller. Nicolaus
Munder. William F.
O'Connell. Elizabeth
Robcke. Charles F.
Runse. Florence M.
Schliemann, Margar-
ethe
Schweinfurth. Albert
Silkman. Charles P.
Smack, Irene
Storer, John C.
Tam/ Arsino
Taylor, George G.
Widman. Curtis N.
Wing. Rusgell W.
Yingllng, -Harvey A.
ADAMS— In this city. October 9, 1900. Joseph
W. Adams, a native of Maine, aged 63 years
1 month and 9 days. •
KT'Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Thursday), at 2 o'clock, from Odd Fellows'
Hall, corner Seventh and Market Ftreels, un-
der the auspices of Fidelity I^odge No 222
I. O. O. F. Cremation at Odd Fellows' Ceme-
tery. Remains at the funeral parlors of Bun-
ker & Lunt, 2G6ti Mission street, Mission Ma-
sonic Temple.
ASHMAN— In this city, October 9. 1900, Alonzo
Richard, beloved son of Sarah E. and the late
Richard T. Ashman, and brother of John H
Frederick J. and William T. Ashman and
Mrs. J. Totheroh, a native of San Francisco
aged 23 years 3 months* and 29 days.
[OrNotice °' fun«-ral hereafter.
AYLWARD- In this 'city, October 8 1900
Thomas Aylward, a native of the parish of
Mulllnavat. County Kilkenny, Ireland, aged
t m years.
>*' cyFrlends and acquaintances aro respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Wednesday), at 8:30 o'clock, from the par-
lors of the United Undertakers, 27 and 29
Fifth street, thence to St, Ignatius Church
Hayes street, where a requiem mass will be
celebrated for the repose of his soul at 9
o'clock. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
BAGNALL— In this city, October 8, 1900 John
Bagnall, a native of. England, aged 70 years
and 6 months.
BOOKER— In this city, October 7. 1900, Ada M
beloved wife of George E. Booker, mother of
Edith, Ethel, John, Howard and Allan Booker
and daughter of Mrs. Harriet O. Gosling a na-
tive of New York, aged 45 years.
IC7 Funeral services this day (Wednesday)
at 12:15 o'clock, at St. Stephen's Church. Ful
ton street, near Fillmore. Interment private.
BUTLER— In this city, October 9, 1900 John
beloved huEband of Johanna Butler and
father of William. John. Thomas, Dennis
Josephine and James Butler, a native of Bal-
.lymartle. County Cork, -Ireland, aged 53 years
4 months and 10 days.
(CTFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Thursday), at 8:S0 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence. 65 Clementina street, thence to St
Brendan's Church, where a solemn high re-
quiem mass will be celebrated for the repose
of his soul, commencing at 9 o'clock. Inter-
ment Mount Calvary Cemetery.
BYRNES-In this city. October 9. 1900. James
Byrnes, a native of Ireland, aged 62 years 11
months and 25 days.-.
DEASY— In Crichton, Idaho, September 29
1900, Denis, beloved husband of Mary DeasV
father of John, Denis, Tim, William, Michael
and Ann* Deasy. and brother of John Deasy
Mrs. James Cook and Michael. Patrick. Anne
and the late Daniel Deasy. a native of Dtn-
manway. County Cork, Ireland.
ROFEDALE Mruse. 319 and 321 Ellis St.— Rooms,
night i:>c I $1. week {1 25 to J4; open r.lght.
ROYAL House. IK Ellis st— Incandescent llRht;
reading room, smokinu room and ladies' par-
lor; rooms, per nicht. 35c to $1 50; week. t2 to
Jf; month. IS to $30; elevator on ground floor;
rooms with hot and cold water; baths.
MARRIED.
BUTTMANN— AVERY— In this city. October 9.
1900, at the Howard-street M. E. Church, by
the Rev. Dr. John A. B. Wilson. Claus Butt-
mann and Phebe Alice Avery, both of Coul-
terville. Mariposa County, Cal.
MARTIN— TRUEHLOOD— In Berkeley, October
9, 1300, at the home of the bride, by the Rev.
l)r. John A. B. Wilson, Frederick Jonathan
Martin of San Francisco and Annie Elston
Truebiood of Berkeley.
WALKER— FERGUSON — In Poplar, Tulare
County, October 7, 1900, at the bride's resi-
dence, by the Rev. Robert Ballagh. William
T. Walker and Cora Ferguson.
O'FARRELL. 213S— Two single runny furnished
rooms for gentlemen.
POST. 617H — Two pleasant sunny rooms for
light hcniyekwplng:; rent $10.
O'FARRELL. 20— Sunny furnished rooms and
offices; elevator; electric lights: day. wk.. mo.
NEW ARLINGTON. 1015 Market st.— Nicely
furnished rooms, 12 a week up; 33c a day up.
MINNA. 667. cor. Eighth— New furnished bay-
window room, tl per week; transient.
LAS PALMAS, 1«2< Market St.— Suite of 2 or 3
rms.; private; bath; sin. rms.: board optional.
LARKIN, 1004, npar PoFf^-Large newly fur-
nished sunny rooms, suitable for couple, $8
r*r month.
BIRTHS— MARRIAGES— DEATHS.
Birth, marriage and death notices sent by
mall will not be inserted. They must be handed
in at either of the publication offices and be
Indorsed with the name and residence of per-
sons authorized to have the same published:
BORN.
DAVENPORT— In Oakland. October 5, 1300. to
the wife of Byron L; Davenport, a son.
FRANCIS— In this city, September 23, 1900. to
the wife of George W. Francis, a daughter.
JONES, 3:i. near EIlis»-Nice funny bay-window
room, also parlor; reasonable.
JESSIE. 532. near Sixth— Newly furnished,
clean rooms cheap: bath; private house.
HYDE. 407B — Furnished room; funny; private
family.
HARRISON, 7S4H— Finely furnished sunny
rooms; bath: ail conveniences; homelike; fl
week up.
GRAND SOUTHERN, southeast corner Seventh
and Mission sts. — Sunny rooms, en suite cr
single: ladles' parlor; readinK-rocm; elevator.
CLAT. 1629 — Nicely furnished rms cheap, with
or without kitchen privileges. Inq. 1528 Polk.
GEARY. 405 (The Navarre)— EleeanMy furnished
rm?.; suites' or single; travelers accommodate.
OCEAN TBAVEJL.
Pacific Coast Steamship Co.
[y ; Steamers leave Broadway
at wharf. San Francisco:
PjMr;fr_ For Alaskan Ports— 11 a. m..
BS|lj»C. Ort - 4 - 8 - 13 - 1S - "• 29 - Sov - ••
!Sp*5jfc5«gft» Change to company's steam-
I&P*J»ral ers at Seattle. . . ¦ -
C3s3a^>J3ll For Victoria, Vancouver fR
AfiraW5$ij4l C). Port Towrnend. Seatt!-.
I Taeoma. Everett. An*eort?»
. and New Whatcom (W«sh.>—
». m.. Oct. 4. 8. IS. IS, 23. 2*
jfov. 2. and every fifth day thereafter. Chane"
at Seattle to this company's steamers fn*
Alaska and G. N. R'y: at Seattle or Tacom*
to N. P. R'y: at Vancouver to C. P. R'y.
For Eureka. Humboldt Bay— 2 p. m...Oct. 5. ;
10. 15. 20. 25. SO. Not. 4. and every fifth day |
thereafter. . !
For San Dle«r>. Ftoppine only at Port Har- t
ferd fPan Luis Oblspo). Sarta Barbara. Port .
Los Aneel^s and Re4ondo fLos Aneeles)— 11 a. '
m.. Oct. 4. 8. 12. 18. 20. 24. 28. _Nov. 1. and
every "fourth" day thereafter. :
For Santa Cruz. Monterey. San Simeon. Cayu- j
cos. Port Harford (San Luis Oblspo). Qavlota.
Santa Barbara.. Ventura. Huenerne. San Pedro.
East San Pedro (Los Angeles) and Newoort— 9
a. m.. Oct. «. 10, 14. 18. 22. 86. 30. Nov. S.
and every fourth day thereafter. i
For Fnsa"nafla. Matrdal^na' Bay- S»n Jm* r!M j
Cabo. Mazatlan. Altata. La Pa*. Santa Rosalln !
andOuaymas (Mexico)— 10 a. ¦¦ra..- 7th of each j
month. - . • ' . - " - j
For . further Information obtain company s
folders. :;•¦¦. : . • • . ¦
The company reserves th* right to cn*nz»
steamers, sailing dates and hours of sailing
without previous notice. • '
TICK'tHT O^F'ir'E— 4 New Montgomery
str»">t <P»!ace Hnteli.- • ¦ • - - ¦¦¦
GOODALL. PERKTNS * CO., Gen. Affeat*.
\D Market *t.. San Franrlseo.
THE 0. R. & N. CO.
DISPATCH FAST STEAMERS TO '
PORTLAND
From Sp«ar-street Wharf at 10 A. M.
CAGE $12 First Class. Including Berth
rAni.s;j3Sc:.>ndCless. - and Meals.
COLUMBIA sail*..... Oct. 5. IS. 2$. Nov. 4
STATE OF CALIFORNIA walls.. .Oct 10, 25. 30
Short Line to Walla Walla. Sookane. Butte. |
Helena and all points In the -Northwest.
Through tickets to all point* East. -
' E. C. WARD. Oemral Agent.
€30 Market street. ¦
GOODALL.. PERKINS A CO.. •
Superintendents. :
TOYO KISEN KAISHA, ;
STEAMERS WILL LEAVE WHARF. COR- j
mr First and.Brannan streets, at 1 p. m.. t
for YOKOHAMA and HONG KOVG.i calling: at j
Kobe <HIoro). Nagasaki •. and . Shanchal. an«1 |
connecting at Hongkonjc with steamers for In- |
dla, etc. - No- carso received on board on day
of salllrc.
SS. AMERICA MARU.. , ~.. __
Wednesday. October 17. 19<V>
SS. HONGKONG MARU........ -• •¦¦
¦ ¦ Tuesday. November 13. 130«
SS. NIPPON MARU ......................
•j .- Thursday. December 8, VV>
: Via Honolulu. ¦
Round-trip tickets at reduced rates. F.->r
freight and t>a**«se apply at company's office.
421 M"^t^t^t. H Corn^ Y F,^.^ i
AMERICAN LINE.
HEW YOKE. SOUTHAMPTON. L95D0N, PARIS.
- Stopping at Cherbourg, westbound.
" From New York Ever-. Wednesday. 10 n. m.
St .Paul.. ...:".. ..Oct. lTf=t. Paul.. Nor. i
St.' Louis ....Oct. 24|«!t. Ln«!s Nov. 14 j
New York.. r> "* ** y-rr....:..Nov. 17 j
V RED STAR LINE.
New York: and Antwero. !
• rr"m N«"w York Kvery Wednesday. 12 nwn. i
Westerniand .'...Oct. 17 Friesland .......Nov. .' j
Kensington .....Oct. 24 Southward .... Nov. m i
Noordland .......Oct. n ( .....Nov. IT |
Forfreleht and passage apply to i
INTERNATIONAL NAVIGATION C<"».. '
SO Montgomery st. ¦ Or any of , its ai^nta. !
:0MPAONrt GENERALS. TRANSATLANTIQtJS. i
DIRECT LINE TO HAVRE-PARIS. !
Sailing*" every Thursday, instead ot«(3J?Y£* '
Saturday.' Trom November 2. : 1SW. • at •^*sf>*s»
10 a m.. from. Pier 42. North River., foot ot
Morton street. L'AQUITAINE. Oct. 11: LA
LORRAINE. Oct. IS: LA BRETAGNE. Oct. V,
LA TOURAINE. Nov 1. First class to Havre.
$55 and upward. Second class tn Havr?-. $42 Si'
and unward. GENERAL AGENCY. FOU
UNITED STATEB and CANADA. 22 Broad war
(Hudson building). New York. J., F. FUOAZI
& CO., Pacific Coast Agents.' 5 Montgomery
avenue. ' ; 8an Francisco. ¦ ¦ ~
OCEANIC 3. 8. CO .-HONOLULU, APIA
AUCKLAND AND SYDNEY.
68; QUEEN (Honolulu only)..;..-...'
-i -....-,. ;....... Wednesday. .October 17. 1p.m.
SS. -ALAMEDA to New. Zealand, and Aus-
tralia........ Wednesday. October $1. 9 p. m.
SS. AUSTRALIA to Tahiti...;...
' ....;....;...;. Thursday. .November 1. « p. m
J D. SPRECKELS & BROS. CO.. Arts., 643 Market St
Pier 7. Foot Pacific St. : Frciaht Office. 327 Market St
BAY AITD ¦ BIVEB STEAMEB3.
"Steamer "Montlcello."
MON.. Tdes:. Wed.. Thurs. and "Sat. at 9:15
a. m.. J:15, 8:30 p. m.- Ox. Thurs. night); Fri-
days. 1 p.m. and »:S0: Sundays. 10:3o a. m.; S
p. m. ' Landing nnd office. Mission-street Dock
Pier No. 2. Telephone Main 1503.
_ FARE 1. )....'¦.:..:..,.%..•;.....;.,.;..•; soc
; ; ; BAHEOAD TRAVEL.
MOUNT TAMALPAiS RAILWAY
Leaves Ban Francisco, via Sausallto Ferry •
WEEK DAYS.. ..8:15 a.>m. : - 1:43 and 4:00 p7 in.
SUNDAYS........ 8 :00._10^00. U:3u and 1:15 p. m.
Fare. San • Francisco to • Summit ' and Return.
NEW TAVERN OF TAMALPAIS* NOW OPEN
Ticket. Offices,', Kl ¦ Market st.. Sauaallto Ferry!
BUSH. 520 (The Elk)— Changed hands; newly
renovated, nicely turn, sunny rms.. $1 50 to $7
week; 25c to $1 50 night. MRS. P. RANFT.
BUSH. S24— Furnished sunny rooms, suits or
single. 25c per night up; transient.
Bl'RNETT. 1426 Market <old No. 1364)— Fur-
nithed rms.. Fult^s. single: also unfurnished
A— PUTTER. 717. nr. Taylor — Sunny; choice;
reasonable; please Investigate; bath.
AUSTIN ave.. 105. off Polk— Furnished and
unfurnished rooms, ar.d housekeeping.
ROOMS TO LET — Fnrn. nnd Infnrn.
A— BRUNSWICK House. 145 Sixth— Rooms 23c
to $1 per night; II 2i to $5 per week, and light
housekeeping; cren all night. I
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents. The Weekly Call.
16 rapes, in wrapper, for mailing, H per yfar.
MASRIAGE LICENSES.
The following marriage licenses were Issued
yesterday: '
Robert W. Mooney, 22, 437«i Tehama street,
and Stella K. Bledsoe, IS, 677 Natoma street.
Bozo Raddich, 32. 52S Grove street, and Lena
Catanich. IS. 8 Cohen place.
Cl&us Buttmann, 31, Coulterville. and Phebe
A. Avery, 21, Coulterville.
Finnk A. Taylor, 31, Jackson. Amador
County, and Sarah O. M. Anthony, 31, Jackson,
Amador County.
Hugh A. Gilleren, 29. Honolulu, and May
Flaniiran, 25, Smartsvllle.
Harry Elliott, 41. 124 Eleventh street, and
Annie Pesante. 32, Salinas.
John W. Smith. 27, 107 Gilbert street, and
Llrzie Kelly. 22, 604 Fourth street.
William Durbrow, 23, Keswick. and Blanche
R. Terrill. 26. city.
Carl N. Bolte. 26. Alameda. and Eva J.
Whaley, 22, city.
Lawrence Seifried, 41, city, and Emma Lay,
42, city.
Gustav Mann. 29. 615 Jones street, and Pau-
line Gail. 20, 733'i Minna street.
Harry M. Adams, 33. Spokane, and Josephine
A. Moore, 2?, citv.
Max Brandt. 32.' 134 Dorland street, and Har-
tha Brandt, 30, 2426 Seventeenth street.
Astley D. M. Cooper, 42, San Jose, and Anna
M. Ott. 40. Stockton.
James ,C. Hurley, 21, 106S Howard street, and
Rose AhBtrom, IS, 1109 Pacific street.
Edward F. Morgan. 24. 633 Chestnut street,
and Mary Cornell, 23, Oakland.
Emile G. Schiller, 21. 20 Erie street, and
Stflla Arano, IS. 937 Mission street.
Adolph W. Ehrhorn, 31. Mountain View, and
Eliza H. Strauch, 25, 1421 Washington street.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1C96 Va-
lencia st.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 22fKi Fillmore «t.
VAN NESS. 400—3 well-furn. sunny connecting
rooms; private entrance; large yard; tubs.
TURK. IK— Two furnished sunny housekeeping
r»oms; runnins water; closet: no children.
STOCKTON. 603— Nice sunny furnished rooms,
single cr en suite; also housekeeping rooms;
rent reasonable.
SIXTH. :40Vi— Bay-window suite; light house-
keeninjr; running water; reasonable.
POLK. 522— Furnished and unfurnished house-
keeping rooms; sunny; rent cheap.
POWELL. 1^01—2 or S larne sunny rooms, con-
nected, for housekeeping; also s'ncle rooms.
OAK, 119— Sunny single rooms, J« and $3 W>;
furnished for light housekeeping.
O'FARRELL, 129A— Nicely furnished sunny
rooms with privilege of liiht housekeeping.
ROOMS FOR HOUSEKEEPING.
HOWARD. Ill*— Nice airy housekeeping rooms;
aleo tincle: thfep.
LAFIKIN. 804— Sunny back bedroom and kitch-
en, furnished,. $11; sunns single room, $4 50.
MARKET, near Fifth—! rooms, furnlehert: fold-
Ing bed: cas; JiO. Particulars 342 Kearny st.
LEGAL ADVERTISEMENTS.
NOTICE— Taxes due upon assessments made
by the State Board of Equalization — Control-
ler's Department, State of California, Sac-
ramento, October 9, 1900.»— In accordance with
the provisions of Section 366S of the Political
Code, notice is hereby given that I have re-
ceived from the State Board of Equalization
the "Duplicate Record of Assessments cf
Railways" and the "Duplicate Record of Ap-
portionment of Railway Assessments," con-
taining th« apsessments upon the property of
each of the following named associations or
corporations, as fixed by said State Board of
Equalization for the year 1900, to-wlt
Central Pacific Railroad Company, South
Pacific Coast Railroad Company, Southern Pa-
cific Railroad Company, Southern California
Motor Road Company. Carson and Colorado
Railroad Company, California Northwestern
Railway Company (lessees San Francisco anj
North Pacific Railroad), Santa Fe Pacific Rail-
road Company. San Francisco and San Joaquin
Valley Railway Company, Southern California
Railway Company, North Pacific Coast Rail-
road Company. Pacific Coast Railway Com-
pany, Fajaro Valley Consolidated Rail-
road Company, Nevada County Narrow-
Gauee Railroad Company, Nevada-Callfornla-
Oropon Railway Company. Alameda and San
Joaquin Railroad Company. Sierra Railway
Company of California, Randsburg Railway
Company. Gualala River Rnllroad Company
Sierra Valleys Railway Company. California
and Nevada Railroad Company, San Francieco
and San Mateo (Electric) Railroad Company
and Pullman's Palace Car Company.
The State and county taxes on all personal
property, and one-half of the State and county
taxes on all real property are now due and
payable, and will be delinquent on the last
Monday In November next at $ o'clock p. m.,
and unless paid to the State' Treasurer at the
Capitol, prior thereto, 5 per cent will be added
to the amount thereof, and unless so paid on
or before the last Monday In April next, at 6
o'clock p. m.. an- additional 6 per cent will
be added to the amount thereof.
The remaining one-half of the State and
county taxes ori> all real property will be due
and payable at any time after the n/st Mon-
day in January next, and will be delinquent
on the last Monday In April next, at 6 o'clock
p. m.. and unless paid to/the State Treasurer,
at the Capitol, prior thereto, 5 per cent will
be added to the amount thereof.
E. P. COLGAN. Controller.
DRISCOLL-In Ocean View, October 9. 1900,
Timothy, beloved husband of the late Cath-
erine Drlscoll, a native of Clonakllty, County
Cork, Ireland, aged 79 years.
'C7"T"rlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Thursday), at 8 o'clock,. from. McGinn Bros.'
funeral parlors, thence' to St. Michael's
Church, Ocean View, where a solemn re-
quiem mass will be celebrated for the repose
of his soul, commencing at 9:30 o'clock. In-
terment Holy Cross Cemetery.
EICHOLZER— In this city. October 7, 1900, Mar-
garet, beloved wife of the late John Elcholzer.
and dearly beloved mother of Camille and
Theresa Elcholzer. Mrs. W. Manders and Mrs.
A. Wilson, a native of Ireland, aged 43 years
9 months and 2 days.
rCTFrlenda and acquaintances ara respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Wednesday*, at 9 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 711 Moultrie street, Bernal . Heights,
thence to St. John's Church, old St. Mary's
College, where a solemn requiem mass will
be celebrated for the repose of her soul, com-
mencing at 9:30 o'clock. Interment Holy Cross
Cemetery.
EISEL-In th!« city. October 7. 1900, Carl Wil-
liam Elsel, dearly beloved husband of Chris-
tina Elsel. a native of Baden, Germany, aged
66 years and 3 months.
tC^Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Wednesday), at 1 o'clock, from the parlors
of Charles J. B. Metzler. 636 Washington
street, thence to Eintracht Hall. Twelfth
ptreet, near Folsom, where services will be
held, commencing at 2 o'clock, under the au-
spices of the Vereln Eintracht. Cremation
Odd Fellows' Cemetery.
FARRELL— In this city. October 8. 1900. John
B.. beloved husband of Rebecca Farrell, and
father of M. W. Farrell. Mrs. O. Schultz. J.
Farrell Jr., Mrs. J. J. Galvin and Beckle
Farrell, a native of County Limerick, Ire-
land, aged 66 years 5 months and 7 days.
FITZGERALD— In this cKy. October 9. 1900.
William W. Fitzgerald, a native of Wiscon-
sin, asred 75 years and 1 day.
C^Funeral to-morrow (Thursday), at 2
o'clock, from the funeral parlors of Charles
H. Jacob •,& Co., 31S Mason street, between
O'Farrell and Geary.
FONTAINE— In this city, October 9. 1900. Mary
A. Fontaine, beloved wife of J. E. Fontaine,
and mother of Leo, Emma, Lillle. Mabel and
Julian Fontaine, a native of Minnesota, aged
40 years 11 months and 21 days. ¦
HILLTER— In this city, October 8, 1900, Alford
J.. beloved husband of Katie Hillyer, and
father of Annie, Irene, Walter and Alford
Hillyer, a native of Bristol, England, aged
37 years.
CTFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Thursday), at 1:30 o'clock, from the parlors
of J. C. O'Connor & Co., 767 Mission street,
thenc« to St. Joseph's Church for services at
2 o'clock. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
KERRIGAN— In this city. October 8. 1900. at
the residence of his parents, southwest cor-
ner of Fifteenth and Minna streets, William
M.. beloved son of WMlltam and nrldstet Ker-
rigan, and brother of John Lewis, Nora M.,
James P. and Catherine E. Kerrigan, a na-
tive cf San Francisco, aged 15 years and 19
days. \
ETEoys of St. Charles Sodality and friends
of the family are invited to attend the funeral
this day (Wednesday), at 9 .o'clock, from
St. Charles Eorromeo's Church, where a re-
quiem mass will be celebrated for the repose
of his soul. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
LOW— In this city. October 9, 1900. Mrs. Wll-
¦ helmine Low, beloved mother of Mrs. Henry
Wilson, a native of Germany, aged 77 years 3
months and 14 days.
(CTThe funeral will take place to-morrow
(Thursday), at 3 o'clock, ¦from the parlors of
Theo. Dierks. S57 Mission street, and thence
by 3:30 o'clock train to Cypress Lawn Ceme-
tery for cremation. Please omit flowers.
MORRIS— In this city, October 7. 1900, Edward
J. Morris, a native of Illinois, aged 24 years.
ICNotlco of funeral hereafter. Remains at
the parlors of J. C. O'Connor & Co.. 767 Mls-
MORTON-In this city, October S. 1900, Ellen,
beloved wife of Thomas Morton, and mother
of Thomas J. Morton, a native of County
Derry, Ireland, aged 58 years 5 months and 27
days. (Providence, R. I., papers please copy.)
BCTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Wednesday), at 2 o'clock, . from Calvary
Presbyterian Church. Powell and Geary
streets. Interment Odd Fellows' Cemetery.
MULLER— In Alameda, October 8, 1900, Nico-
laus Muller, beloved husband of Catharina
Muller. and father of Henry, Lena and Nich-
olas Muller and Mrs. J. F. Schomer and the
late C. A. Muller, and brother of D. Muller,
Mrs. H. DellinK, Henry Muller and Mrs.
Wille, a native of Germany, aged 62 years 8
months and 2 days.
C?"Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Thurzday), at 11:15 o'clock, from the resi-
dence, corner Bay street and Santa Clara
avenue, via the 1 o'clock creek boat. Inter-
ment Odd Fellows' Cemetery. ¦ '
MUNDER— In South San Francisco, October 7,
1&00, at his residence, 936 Flfth^avenue south,
William Frederick Munder, dearly beloved
husband of Henrietta Munder, beloved father
of Mrs. Ole Olsen and Emil J. and Hugo Mun-
der, and srandfather of Krraa Olsen. a na-
tive of Germany, aged 62 years 9 months and
3 days.
DTriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Wednesday), nt 2 o'clock, from his late resl-
.. dence. 9Si> Fifth avenue, between H and I
streets South. , South' San Francisco. Inter-
ment Odd Fellows' Cemetery.
O'CONNELL— In Tiburon, October 9, 19*00,
Elizabeth O'Connell, mother of Dennis, Nora,
Katie and the late Jeremiah O'Connell, a na-
tive of the parish or Kllnamartyra. County
Cork, Ireland, aeed 70 years. -
ETTriends and acquaintancea are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Thursday), on the arrival of the 9:40 o'clock
boat from Tiburon. Interment Holy Crosb
Cemetery.
ROBCKE— In this city. October 8, 1900. Charles
F., beloved husband of Johanna Robcke, and
father of George. Fred, Johnnie, Henry and
Hattle Robcke, a native of Holsteln, Ger-
many, aged 4S years and 20 days.
CyFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Wednesday), at 2 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 1 Alser place, off First street, near
Dryant. Interment Laurel Hill Cemetery.
RUNGE— In this city, October 9, 1900, Florence
M., dearly beloved daughter of John F. and
Emma H. Runge, a native of San Francisco,
aeed 11 months and 10 days.
tu^Friejids and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Thursday), at 2 o'clock, from the residence
of her parents, 26; Bennington street, near
Cortland avenue. Interment Laurel Hill
Cemetery.
SCHLIEMANN— In this city, October 9. 1300.
Marearethe Schllemann, dearly beloved
mother of Mrs. John Lembke, Henry Schlie-
mann and the late Mrs. Martin Fischer, a
native of Colmar, Germany, aged 82 years 2
months and 2 days.
C?"Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Thursday), at 1:30 o'clock, from the resi-
dence of her daughter, Mrs. John Lembke,
6G9 Shotwell street, between Twentieth and
Twenty-first.
SCHWEINFURTH— In Dryden, N. Y.. Sep-
tember 27, 1900, Albert C. Schweinfurth, aged
38 years and S months.
SILKMAN— In this city. October 6. 1900, Charles
P. Silkman, uncle of Charles R. Curtis of
Chicago, 111., a native of Illinois, aged 62
years.
C7"Frlcnds and acquaintances are respect-
fulfy invited to attend the funeral this day
(Wednesday), at 10:30 o'clock, from the fun-
eral parlors of Porter & White, 122 Eddy
street, thence to St. Peter's Episcopal Church,
corner Filbert and Stockton streets, for serv-
ices. Interment Mount Olivet Cemetery.
SMACK— In this city, October 9, 1900, v Irene
dearly beloved daughter of F. A. and Wini-
fred Smack, and beloved sister of Frank
Smack, a native of Salt Like City, Utah, aged
9 years 11 months and 21 days.
CTTrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Thursday), at 12:30 o'clock, from the resi-
dence of her aunt, Mrs. Frank J. Egan, 2117
Mission street, thence to St. Charles Borro-
meo's Church for services. Interment Holy
. Cross Cemetery.
STORER— In this city. October 9,. 1900, John
C. Storer, a native of England, aged 61 years
11 months and 7 days.
TAM— In this city, October 7, 1300, Arsino Tarn,
dearly beloved husband. of Mary Tarn, father
of Rossle Tam and Dr. J. A., Antonio and
Mary Delucchl, and brother of William Tam,
Jackson, Amador County; also two- nephews,
Ottavio and Ntale T. Giacovlni, a native
of Villa dl- Chiavenna. province of Sondrlo,
Italy, aged 62 years.
(CRemalns will be removed ' to his late
residence, Volcano, Amador County, Cal.,
to-morrow (Thursday), from Valente, Marlni
& Co.'s undertaking parlors, 1524 Stockton
utreet. Funeral Sunday, October 14. -
TAYLOR-In -this city, October g. 1900, George
G., husband of Josle M. Taylor, and son of
Robert H. and Mary >. Taylor, a native of
California, aged 43 years 10 months - and 2
days.
. IC7" Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Wednesday), at 11 o'clock, from the funeral
parlors of Bunker & Lunt, 2G66 Mission
street. Mission Masonic Temple. Interment
Masonic Cemetery. -
WIDMAN— Entered Into rest, in this city, Oc-
tober 8, 1900, Curtis Neal. beloved son of An-
ton J. and Catherine Widman. and grandson
of Mr. and Mrs. C. N. Pratt and Herman G.
and the late Kate Widman, a native of. San
Francisco, aged 1 year 2 months and 4 days.
CTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Wednesday), at 10:80 o'clock, from the fam-
ily residenoe, -,' 1707 Thirteenth avenue. South
Ban- Francisco. Interment Cypress Lawn
Cemetery, by carriage.
WING— In Fresno, Cal., October 9. 1900, Russell
W. Wing of Oakland, a native of Vermont,
: aged 72 years.
¦ fcyFuneral . services • at the chapel In Odd
Fellows' Cemetery, San Francisco, thiB day
(Wednesday), at 4 o'clock. ' . ... -.
TINGLING— In this city; October 9. 1900, Har-
vey A. Tingling, a native of Maryland, aged
23 years.
U^Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Thursday), at 10 o'clock, from the funeral
parlors of Charles H. Jacob & Co..*31g Mason
street, - between O'Farrell and Geary. Inter-
ment Laurel Hill Cemetery.
ST. DOMINIC'S Church Building Association—
The monthly requiem high maas for the de-
ceased members - of - St. - Dominic's ¦' Church
Building Association, and for the parents and
." relatives of the living members, will be. sung
In St. Dominic's Church to-morrow (Thurs-
day)/ at 9 o'clock. . •
•~> «*» ««xjtei, r. l.
F0^ A^° P^^J^ grain and
H. P.. box BM. CWlVfflceT *** Ad<Sre "
For Salt
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS:
FOR INVESTMENT.
4 new modern 5-room cottages: pay 10 per
cent; best location: always rented. Apply to
A. R. DENKE SR.. H00 Webster St.. Alameda.
ALAMEDA REAL ESTATE.
OFFICE of Sierra Railway Company of Cali-
fornia, room 229, Crocker building, San Fran-
cisco, Cal., October 1, 1890-^Coupon No. 7, due
October 12, 1900. from first mortgage six (6)
per cent bonds of Sierra Ry. Co. of Cal.. will
be paid at the fiscal arency of this company,
the Crocker-Woolworth National Bank, on
and after that date.
S. D. FRESHMAN. Treasurer.
DIVIDEXD NOTICES.
DIVIDEND nctice— The Giant Powder Com-
pany. Con. A dividend. No. 22, of Seventy-
five Cents (75c) per share on the issued
capital stock of the company has been de-
clared, payable at the office of the company.
430 California St.. San Francisco, on October
10, 1900. Transfer books close October 3. 1900.
at noon. - A. A. SPARKS. Secretary.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
oHFiCE— 1118 BROADWAY.ALECOS REMOAL. YOUNG SOUTH AMERICAN, WHO IS ACCUSED OF
THEFT BY A BARBER WHO SAYS HE BEFRIENDED THE YOUNG
MAN IN ADVERSITY.
(Photo by Coover & Rasmussen.)
SPANISH GIRL WHOSE PETS ARE KILLED BY RATS PUTS A RO
DENT TO DEATH BY SCALDING, AFTER CENTRAL AMERICAN
CUSTOM. AND JURY ACQUITS HER OF CRUELTY CHARGE.
Swim at the CrystalBaths.
Recommended by i rhYslclans. Water alwayr
clean and warm. Tub department best in city.*
W. Godfrey Hunter, the American Min
ister to Guatemala, arrived in the city
last evening. He Is accompanied by his
wife and son and they have taken apart
ments at the Palace. Mr. Hunter is on
his way to Kentucky, his home where he
will enjoy a month's vacation.
Minister to Guatemala Here.
This favorite steamer, under.- command ;of
Captain Lawless, will sail for Papeete Novem
ber 1st. Hitherto these charming Islands of the
South Seas have been reached by sailing vessels,
requiring 30 to <0 days, . but the . time of new
steamship service will be 10% days. Ask for
particulars - of * the low excursion | rate at 3 643
Market street. . ¦ : .!¦.,.." •
The Australia for Tahiti.
At the annual meeting held yesterday
of the Congregation Beth Menachirn
Streisand the following officers were
elected: President. A. Shenson; vice pres
ident, Sam Glaser; secretary, Sam J.
Levy; treasurer, M. Gollick; trustees J.
Simon, S. Axel rod. J. Davis, A; D Zin
naman. M. Buchman. J. Rittigstem, I.
Schneider; collector, H. Clinowsky; can
tor, N. Samue!son.
Congregation Beth Menachim.
The retail clerks took several steps last
evening calculated to bring them nearer
to the closing of retail stores every secu
lar evening Saturday excepted, at 6
o'clock. In the first place they appointed
Sf*w VwSh PFeS ? com ™ittee. consisting
of w. T. Hobson, James A. Johnston and
Leo Kautaann. They also selected two
delegates, James A. Johnston and A E
Rowe, to represent them in the Labor
Council. They also admitted twenty^etail
clerks to membership and received appli
cations from thirty-live others. This In
dicated the growing strength and popu
larity of the movement. The press com
mittee, having thoroughly considered the
situation, reported at the close of the pro
ceedings last evening that the chance for
success was steadily Improving. Firms
that have been closing at 6 p. rn. are con
tented with the arrangement. Others
were expected to follow suit.
Progress Toward Early Closing.
?J i^v". 1^ rla} ;' ng . cards L obtainable from th-
Malt-Nutrlne Dept.. Anheuser-Busch Brewing
Aes'n. St. Louis, Mo., for 25 cents * pack in
stamps or money. Gilt edses. leatherette
caseB, U. S. Army and Navy heroes on face
cards, high finish, perfect slip.
Twenty Thousand Packs
anese accused cf, having imported Miss
Tijlta Kame for Unmoral' pur-poses, wa3
dismissed^ yesterday* by United States
Court Commissioner Heacock upon the
representation of A. H. Geffeney, lmml
f rant inspector, that. Miss Kame had re
used to adhere. to her former, statement,
and now declared .that she entered upon
an immoral life in San Joso of her own
volition. , It being impossible to secure a
conviction without her evidence, the case
was dropped and Okomura was given his
liberty. •
Since the time of the prisoner's arrest
Miss Kame had been kept at the Presby
terian Mission • Home on Sacramento
street, 'in which place a man represent
ing himself to be her brother was allowed
to visit her. It Is, believed that he was
the principal agent in . "squaring" the
case. - ¦ . •. . .¦¦.'-.•,'•"¦•.
When discovered In San Jose,' Miss
Kame told Inspector Geffeney that she
had been imported by Okomura, and that
she had been forced by him to enter, upon
a life of shame. ,. .:•¦!•':: V
Procurer Okomura Escapes From Jus
tice by the Connivance of His
Female Slave.
The charge against T. Okomura, a Jap-
JAPANESE INTRIGUERS .
SQUARE A BAD CASE
A. C. Schweinfurth, Formerly of This
City, Dies Suddenly While Stay
ing in Drydcn, N. Y.
A. C. Schweinfurth. an architect, who
formerly resided in this city, passed away
at Dryden, X. Y., a few days ago. The
news of his demise was received by his
friends with great surprise, as he was
known to be enjoying the best of health.
For the last two years deceased with his
family has been residing In Italy and
France and but recently returned to New
lork. His early life was spent in Boston
where he received his training in the of
fices of well-known architects. Afterward
he removed to New York and was asso
ciated for a time with the late A. Page
Brown. Mr. Schweinfurth removed to
Denver and later came to this city, where
he again became associated with Air
Brown. In the work done in this city un
der his own name deceased showed him
self to be a man of great talents and of
exceptional individual ability.
His efforts were directed toward the
adaptation to the needs of our time of the
suggestions to be found in the Spanish-
American architecture of Mexico and in
our own missions. Among the buildings
designed by him are the Hearst building;
the new Children's Hospital and the Ha
cienda del Pozo de Verona. Mrs. Phebe A
Hearst's resiuence near Pleasanton He
leaves a wife and one daughter
WELL-KNOWN ARCHITECT
IS REMOVED BY DEATH
"Faust" was well attended at the Cali
fornia Theater last evening, and the audi
ence had the pleasure of listening to an
excellent Mephlfto in the person of Signor
Garanaglla. Turconi-Bruni sings -the
Marguerite and confirms the favorable
impression mnde by her Lucia. She has
a peculiarly liquid quality of voice "Er
nani" will be given to-night.
It is further announced, for the benefit
of longing provincials, that a five or six
weeks tour of the coast with the whole
company, under the distinguished leader
ship of Signor Azzali. is now beine
planned. " s
As to this week's programme at the
Tivoli, the important number is, of course
Halevy's rarely heard tragedy. "The
Jewess." It Is distinguished by the con
summately clever Eleazar the Jew of Bar
ron Berthald by far and away the be«t
thing he has done— perhaps the best thing
done at all during the season with the ex
ception of Salassa's Iago. Berthald is the
persecuted Jew to the life, voice acting
makeup— all give a perfection of illusion
lamentably unusual in grand opera char
acters. Lucenti, with his magnificent
stage presence and great voice. Is a most
imposing cardinal. Stewart and Lichter
are heard together, and the two sopranos
give some notably beautiful effects The
opera is well staged, even splendidly in
the palace scene.
which the Tivoli has come out triumph
antly on top In face of contemporary
opera seasons, ailing tenors, impending
Graus, barytones who amuse themselves
at the dentist's In place of indulging in
Toreador" songs, and the rest of it
First of all, Avedano fell ill, and the
pig production of "Tannhauser" apparent
ly must be given up in consequence, but
the management courageously substituted
Tom Greene for an evening and turned
the apparent defeat into a fine triumph
by bringing out Berthald. one of the
country's best Tannhausers.'
Salassa's turn at indisposition came
next, but the Tivoli forces were again
fully equal to the occasion. Then the
largely advertised Azzali Grand Italian
Optra Company (what's In a name!) made
its appearance at the California Theater
announcing some of the Tlvoll's chef
doeuvres, but the management was not
to be outdone and challenged compari
sons by putting on the same operas the
same evenings In some cases, and out
main g der S cf f & b tfme PreSematiOn8 the r0 "
The Signor Lucentl, the basso pro
fundo of the Azzali Grand Italian Opera
£?™f, a ">' mad « hls a PP«"-ance on the
o! A,i J 8 " T h e T n « xt appear will be
£*w hIrd i &rea > l tallan ba rytone. Bella
pambo, also of the Azzali Grand Italian
Opvra Company: and now, it 1« an
nounced not only that the brilliant Car
men of the Azzalis. CollamarinI, will aD
pK a f «1 eXt We , ek at the local hous e. but
Si SToSi^wT 11 *" 7 - 11 " been gath -
The Tivoli. after f.ghtir.g in a musical
way the Azzali Grand Opera Company,
has finally ann<»xotl it. and hereafter the
Ftars of the California will sing from the
Etage of the little opera house on Eddy
street, ltie deal has Just been consum
mated, but with the statement that
It is a fact comes the announcement of a
long list of attraction?; In which the stars
of the two companies will twinkle and
trill from the same histrionic firmament,
to the promotion of operatic harmony
end the swelling of the managerial
purse. -
It Is absolutely amusing, the fashion In
TIVOLI HAS GATHERED IN
THE AZZALI OPERATIC STARS
Captajn Joseph M. Callff. Third Artil
lery, with two employes of the quarter
master's department, has been detailed to
examine Into the condition of the horses
lately purchased under contract for the
artillery branch of the service
McArthur was taken to a nearby ward
to have his wounds dressed and Borden
was Incarcerated in the guardhouse
None of the wounds were serious but
McArthur will remember his encounter
for several days, as they are very pain
ful. An investigation of the matter will
be held and Borden will be tried by court
martial. The-'Offense is a serious one and
he will probably receive a severe sentence.
Two acting assistant surgeons, two hos
pital stewards and two acting stewards
in charge of. a. detachment of seventy
hospital corps privates from the school
of Instruction at Fort McDowell, will sail
on the Grant on the 16th lnst. for Ma
nila. Three female nurses will also sail
on the vessel. Owing to the large number
or patients at the general hospital it has
been found necessary to Increase the force
of hospital attendants by the addition of
twenty privates from the school at Fort
McDowell.
It seems that the men were having an
argument, in which Bor.den -was worsted,
and losing his temper he attempted to
Btrike McArthur, but only succeeded In
knocking off his hat. McArthur protest
ed against such treatment, and in reply
Borden called him a number of uglv
names. This was more than the corporal
could endure, and dropping his crutches
he grappled with Borden. Borden drew
a penknife from his pocket and jabbed It
repeatedly into McArthur. Despite the
fact that he had -the use of but one leg
McArthur succeeded in throwing his man
and held him until the arrival of the at
tendants.
The spectacle of two soldiers, one great
ly emaciated through sickness and the
other hobbling around on crutches, en
gaged in a fierce struggle was the sight
that greeted the attaches of the ganeral
hospital at the Presidio yesterday shortly
after noon. The men engaged In the
struggle were Corporal McArthur of the
Seventh Atillery, being treated In the
hospital for a gunshot wound In the foot,
and Private Horace D. Borden, who was
operated on a short while ago for ap
pendicitis.- When separated it was seen
that McArthur was covered with blood,
and on examination eight knife wounds
were found, one on the back and should
er and the others In the neck.
Corporal Has the TTse of but One Leg,
but Manages to Throw and
Hold His "Wicked '
Opponent.
Corporal McArthur Receives
Murderou3 Cuts From
Private fiorden.
SICK SOLDIERS
FIGHT AMD ONE
USES A KNIFE
. Were Professor Davidson a younger
man there would be no second choice He
has been approached, but it is understood
ha3 declined: to consider any proposition
that removes him from his present con
genial position-in the university. Profes
sor William W. Campbell, who is" now In
charge of the observatory. Is very favor
ably considered- by. the regents as worthv
of promotion Professor Campbell pos
sesses all the attainments of a great a*
tronomer. His special work has been
spectroscopie, and his discoveries of new
celestlal systems have brought fame to
the observatory and himself
The other name which is suggested that
of Professor who Is now' con
nected with the great Yerkes ObservatorV
atGeneva^Lake, Illinois, Is mo!si^ avor .
ably regardea. >or
That Barnard will leave his pre««nt no '
sition is very- improbable. His ¦ atti?n
merits are too well known to require sup"
cial mention. His ability is not aueT
inside to Uo between Professors SchaT
b^le and Ca mpbell. . Either one, ft is conl
fldently believed, would prove -a worthy
Professor fec-haebcrle, who retired from
the Lick on the election of Professor
¦Keeler, in regarded as the most probable
choice lie is now in retirement and-.is
not actively engaged with any of the
great observatories of the countries, but
it is" believed that his services could be
secured if he were elected. Professor
Scnaebene ranks as one of the greatest
astronomers of the world, and his orig
inal discoveries relating to solar phenom
ena, are regarded by scientists as opening
a new epoch in this particular domain
His attainments as a mathematician are
said to be of the highest, and he is also
cnaowed with the necessary tact to ad
minister the affairs of the institution
without, friction.
•So fur but. tour scientists have been
more than casually considered by the
committee ot regents. ; 'iney are frofes
sor I* K.- Schacuerle, Pioiessor '.Jeorge
Davidson, Professor William W. Carriy
bell and Professor Barnard, til of whom
are, well known' as in every way compe
tent for, the position.
The task of selecting a man In every
way competent for the position is regard
ed as a most responsible and difficult one,
for the number of scientists qualified to
continue the great work of the late direc
tor is extremely limited. During Profes
sor Heeler's administration the utmost
harmony prevailed among ail who were
In ¦ any way connected with the observa
tory and the work- accomplished was ac
knowledged to be of the first order. The
full powers of the great instrument were
employed and results were achieved that
would have in time greatly extended the
present limit of astronomical science and
placed the Licit at the head of all ob
servatories in the world. .
The appointing of a successor to the late
Professor J. E. Keeler as director of the
Lick Observatory- is a task devolving upon
the president of the University of Cali
fornia, Benjamin Ide Wheeler, and "W. H.
12 Barnes, Hon. Charles W. Slack and
Dr. George C. Pardee, the committee of
regents having charge of the affairs of
the Lick Observatory.
The Selection Lies Between Professdr3
Schaeberle, Davidson, Campbell
and Barnard, With First-
Named Leading.
Pour Eminent Scientists Are
Considered by the
Regents.
NEW DIRECTOR
OF GREAT LICK
OBSERVATORY
The lasters contended that If the shoes
had to be handled as the firm directed,
the watering of the channels being done
with an oil can, the firm should employ
a boy, because the time taken by the men
to do this work would cause a loss of pay.
The firm was willing- to employ the boy
needed, so Mr. Gallagher reported yes
terday, and the :; difference to be ad-
Justed was only 2 cents per dozen pairs of
shoes. Considering this, Mr. Gallagher
believed that a settlement could soon be
effected, possibly to-day. ,
An evening paper published yesterday a
statement that the men who walked out
might boycott a large, retail house. This
was denied absolutely by Mr. | Gallagher,
who said no such move had been' even
considered and he had no idea where the
rumor originated. To bring about a boy
cott the Labor Council must be asked to
act. That had not been done.
Buckingham & Hecht and their em
ployes were nearer a settlement of their
differences last night than at any time
since the walkout of the employes.
Humphrey Gallagher, the business man
ager for the employes, said last evening
that the firm had reinstated Fred May
senholder, the laster who was discharge.1
last week. Maysenholder is the financial
secretary of Shoemakers' Union No. 216.
The only point of difference remaining to
be finally considered was that referring to
the matter of the dipping of the shoes.
Employes Sanguine That Settlement
Will Be Speedily IRIade, as the
Existing Issue Is Compar
atively Small.
Maysenholder Is Taken
Back by Employers Alter
Some Parley.
DIFFERENCES OF
SHOE MEN NEAR
AN ADJUSTMENT
A JURY has decided that pouring
boiling water on captive rats
is not cruelty to animals, end
that this method of disposing- of
the rodents, which prevails in
Russia, Spain and Central America, can
tw? used with impunity in this city.
This decision was reached yesterday aft
ernoon In the case of Alice Carranza, 15
years of age, who lives with her mother
at 2S7 Geary street, and who was arrested
on September 5 for killing a rat by scald-
Ing- it. The defendant was represented
by Attorney Armstrong and Assistant
District Attorney Weller conducted the
prosecution. The jurors selected to try
the case were: Thomas Collins, John
Christenson. J. S. Mumaugh. \V. M. Kelly.
H. L. <Jibbs. Morris Apple. E. B. Marsh,
August Hansen, K. G. Nichols, C. F.
Sage. Julius Eiserbach and J. J. Sullivan
Officers W. T. Hooper and Matthew Mc-
Currie of the Society for the Prevention
of Cruelty to Animal were the witnesses
lor the prosecution. They told how. after
the manner of sleuths on'a hot trail, they
had posted themselves in a window over
locking the Oarrnnza yard and obs*»rvrd
Alic«» ac she appeared on the scene, hum
ming a tune and carrying- a kettle of boll-
Ing water. She nonchalantly proceeded to
The question was not pressed after TVel
ler's remark, and the case was closed.
After, arguments of counsel the Jury re
tired and in ten minutes returned with
the verdict of acquittal.
Alice denied that she sang while she
poured the water on the rats. She only
sang at homer and in church, she said.
Mrs. Carranza said she told her daughter
to kill the rats by use of boiling water.
Professor G. Wanrell testified that the
hot liquid cure for the rat evil was in
vogue in Rus=ia and Spain.
A. Fodera. the poultry dealer, was called
as an expert on the killing of fowls and
small animals, and Armstrong asked him:
"Is the fact that a rat squeals and jumps
about in a trap while boiling- water Is be
ing- poured on It indicative of pain?"
"No." interjected Weller, "ii is a sgn
of pleasure."
scald the rat in the cage to death, the ro
dent squealing In agony while life lasted.
Alice's defense was that she had seen
rats killed that way in Central America,
and looked on it as a proper method be
cause she had become accustomed to it
there. In fact, she had never seen rat?
killed in any other way. The girl said she
had pet Belgian hares and pigeons in the
yard and that the rats killed them. The
premises were overrun with the rodents,
ehe said.
Catherine Uatour Alleges That Caro
line Ford Got Possession of La
tour's Property Unfairly.
Catherine Latour of Montreal filed a bill
In equity in the United States Circuit
Court yesterday against Caroline Ford of
Scott Valley. Cal., and a number of bank
ing corporations to restrain her and them
from making any disposition of the money
and other property of Felix I^atour, who
died in Lake County on May 25, 1899 leav
ing upward of $20,000 in the banks named
as defendants.
The bill recites that Latour was the
husband of Catherine Latour. that he de
serted her and went to California"; that
he resided with the defendant Caroline
Ford, who was not related to him by
blood or marriage: that he, being para
lyzed, was wholly dependent upon her for
support, comfort and the common neces
saries of life, and that he was completely
dominated by her. The allegation is made
that within a few days of his death Caro
line Ford procured a man named Craw
ford to write upon the bank books an
order requiring the banks to pay to Caro
line Ford all of Latour's money on de
posit, and that she persuaded Crawford
to sigrn the name of Latour to the said
orders, and to hold Latour's hand with
the pen In It and guide the dying 'man's
hand in making his mark. It is also al
legpd that by her procurement Crawford
signed Latour's name on the back of a
note for $S00 which had been given by her
to Latour, secured by mortgage on her
property. After Latour's death the bill
goes on to state, Caroline Ford was grant
ed letters of administration in the Supe
rior Court of San Francisco.
CANADIAN WIFE SEEKS
TO OBTAIN AN . ESTATE
ALECOS REMOAL, who is said to
be a scion of a rich and prom
inent family in the Argentine Re
public, is wanted by the police to
answer to a charge of grand lar
ceny. The warrant was sworn out yes
terday in Judge Fritz's court by Chris*
Machado, a barber at Fifth and Howard
streets, who befriended the youth and
says he was repaid by the basest ingrati
tude.
Remoal Is 26 years of age and is distin
guished looking. He came here about four
months ago and registered at the St.
Nicholas Hotel. He had a lot of trunks
with him and was able to run up a heavy
bill at the hotfil while spending his monoy
foolishly in the tenderloin. When the
hotel people reminded him that he should
pay his bill he acknowledged that he was
practically without funds, but expected
Remoal was In a strange city without
money or friends, and in his desperation
he sought work. He got employment as
dishwasher in cheap restaurants and was
thoroughly disheartened when he met Ma
chado. He- told the barber his circum
stances and Machado took pity on him.
Ho told Remoal he could stop with him
until he got his remittance from home.
That was last Sunday. Machado took Mm
to his room, and early Monday morning
when he awakened he discovered that
Remoal had disappeared and had substi
tuted his greasy clothes for Machado's
good ones. In the pockets of the trousers
was $49 10, which Remoal carried away
with him. Machado waited till yesterday
in the hope that Remoal would return,
and then he decided to have him punished.
a heavy remittance from his parents.
That did not suit, and he was told to seek
quarters elsewhere. His' trunks were de
tained at the hotel as security for his
bill.
Lpshur arm Wills were both taken to
the Central police station and locked up
in the tanks. The shooter will not be
charged until the result of Haugen's in
juries can be determined. Wills is de
tained on account of his connection with
the affair. Upshur evidently went back
to the concert hall looking for trouble as
four extra cartridges were found in his
pockets by Detectives George McMahon
ana Jerry JMnan.
Upshur was formerly an actor and is
also known under the name of Stewart
Harold.
Upshur says, the woman who accompa
nied him is his wife. He claims that after
the first disturbance In Fischer's she was
ejected from the house. This act so en
raged him that he sought revenue. He
brooded over the matter when he return
ed to his room, and finally concluded to
get satisfaction. Wills was to accom
pany him. but the latter remained some
distance behind and was not present when
the shot was fired. As soon as Upshur
entered the concert hall he took the pro
prietor to task and another struggle en
sued. It was then the »>!stol was dis
charged.
Mrs. Doble is the oldest daughter of
"Lucky" Baldwin. She was divorced
from her husband some years ago. Doble's
second wife is now suing him for a di
vorce in. New York City.
Nothing more was thought of the In
cident, but about 12 o'clock Upshur ap
peared in the foyer of the hall brandish
ing a revolver. He was immediately con
fronted by E. A. Fischer, the manager of
the place. A struggle ensued for the pos
session of the weapon. Officer Haugen
rushed to the assistance of Fischer. The
revolver was discharged and Haugen re
ceived a bullet in the left breast. He
held his assailant with bulldog
strength and eventually secured posses
sion of the weapon. Upshur was then
taken to the police patrol box, where he
was turned over to the regular patrol
men. Haugen was conveyed to the Re
ceiving Hospital in a hack. His wound
was found to be over the leit breast. The
bullet was extracted without much diffi
culty. It proved to be of 3S caliber. It
entered the body just above the heart and
glancing on the ribs came to the surface
near the spine. The wound is not con
sidered dangerous.
Brown Haugfen, a special officer em
ployed at Fischer's Concert Hall on
O'Farrell street, was shot but not danger
ously wounded by Stewart Upshur in' the
foyer of the establishment last nigrht
shortly before midnight. Early in the
evening: Upshur and H. W. Wills, former
ly a piano player at the Tallac House, ac
companied by Mrs. Henrietta Kreling and
Cora Doble, the divorced wife of Budd
Doble, the horseman, both of whom re
side at the Baldwin Annex, visited the
concert hall. The men were reprimanded
by the management for their noisy and
boisterous conduct and were requested to
leave the hall. They did so and as Up
shur left the building ho remarked to
Special Officer Haugen that "he wished
he had a gun and if he could get hold of
one he would return and fix him."
Boysterers Create a Disturbance, Are
Ejectsd, and One Rsturns
Armed to Seek Sat
isfaction.
Brown Haugen Receives Ball
From Pistol of Stewart
Upshur.
ANGERED MAN
SHOOTS SPECIAL
AT FISCHER'S
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, OCTOBER 10, 1900.
ACCUSES A SOUTH
AMERICAN OF THEFT
Alecos Remoal, Scion of a Wealthy
v Family of Argentine, in Trouble.
Girl Denies Singin
While Pouring
Water.
> -
Using Method Fol
lowed in Central
America.
LEGAL METHOD
OF KILLING RATS
Jury Decides That Pouring Boiling
Water on Them Is Not Cruelty.
12
Now Is the time to , keep ; " cool.', Don't
overburden your liver or conscience.
Frank H. Kerrigan, presiding Justice of
the Peace, has been nominated by, the Re-
publican convention • for I Superior Judge
unexplred term. He has been an atten-
tive and efficient Justice, and is worthy of
promotion. ¦ •
l)l, 113. 115. 117. 119. 121* POST STREET.
200 pairs White and Ecru Curtains, In Imitation
of Battenherg, Renaissance and Paris Point (all new
designs).
Price S3. 00 pair
EXTRA SPECIAL.
Irish Point Curtains in hoth Cream and Pure
White, seven different designs.
Price S6.5O pair
200 pairs Arahlan Curtains, single and douhia
horder, large varietn of latest steles.
Prices S6.OO to SI5.OO pair
White and Ecru Colonial Net Curtains, twelve dif-
ferent designs, all small horders,
Price $4.00 pair
5PECIALS.
We Invite the public to Inspect
our elegant New Stock of Lace Cur- %
tains just opened. These Curtains
are In Irish Point, Battenberg, Colo-
nial Net, Saxonu, Arabian, Swiss
and Nottingham.
•¦¦¦¦Hi - - . " mW Mi MMMtth. MMaH
CASH OR CREDIT.
BIG REDUCTIONS !N
Furniture and Carpets.
CALL AND INSPECT GOB PRICES.
BFiiLU ANT'S,
338-340-342 POST ST.,
Opca Evenlnra. N>*r Powell.
Big Sale. .
Fancy Blown Glassware
Vases— 7 Inch ™__ 15 cts
Yases-O tticti 19 eta
Vases- 12 Inch ,50 cts
Water Set ~ 91.00
"Water Set -~— 91.15
* Water Set 91.25
Atomizer... -~...35 cts
Thin Tumblers.. 4et»
. Thin TnmblerS) engraved. 5 ets
AleorBeerGlass ~. 4 eta
Champagne <;ias9....»».... 5 cts
Claret Glass — 12 cts
Water Goblets 13 ets
We are Cutting: Prices
all to Pieces During Our
Big: Clearance Sale.
GreatAaeriMflkoiiiBiTeaCe.
«0 Grant are., bet. Sutter and Post sta.
881 Market st.. opp. Powell.
12 Market St.. Junction California.
OCR BRANCH STORES EVERYWHERE.
1 A I fll Im EzsS
M^^J^^^s^^^^^) Our $5.03 Platas
*13% OEART STREET
Between Hyde and Larkln.
Telernone Polk 113&. :.'.>«*.
DR.MQNULTY.
ri'IIIN WErX-KNOWN AXD P.KLIABLE OM>
I. j fer«"Cta!!*tet«rw Blnrx] Pra)son,<Sonorrhcea,Gleet.
a SsS a JT > s «l !nl "»l W*akn«»3!», Impotence nml their
»lll(?<1 Di*orrt<»r«i. Hook on Kmm of Men. fr^e
pverMrMrVexpfHence.Term*rea.wnabip. Hour*,
9to.1dal(y;S:."3tn3..TOev > Ks..Snn(l:ir<.10toia.C..nwl-
tatlonfreeandsacredly confidential. Call or address
P. ROBCOE MeXUI/TY. 3S. D.
26}j Kearnyst, Wan FranrUco. C-L
Weekly Call, $1 per Year
Remarkable
Bargains
Will Be Flaced on Sale
This Morning,
ioo LADIES' BLACK
SERGE SKIRTS, in all
sizes, tailor finished, extra
g good value for $4.50, will
I be offered at- the low
pri ".: f ...... $2,90
100 GOLF SKIRTS, in all
I sizes, latest shades, value
for $6.00, will 0B AtfJ
be offered at., tj'fj UU
J, O'BRIEN & GO.
1 146 Market Street.
ADVEBTISEMENTS.