to Citizens.
SHELBY. Neb.. Oct. 31.— Aa the result
of the blowing open of the safe of the
postoffice between midnight and 2 o'clock
this morning Shelby had the most disas
trous fire In the history of the town. The
entire opera-house block, with all the
stores and offices contained therein, was
totally destroyed. The total loss Is $29,600.
partially covered by insurance. The losses
In detail are:
Opera-house block, owned by Dr. Inks,
George E. . Brtgham and Frank E. Brig
ham. $12,000, insurance $3000; Frank E.
Erigham. general merchandise, $10,0u0, in
surance $7700; Elmer E. Knorr, hardware
and Jewelry. . $2000; the Shelby Sun, $800;
Dr. Ink's office. $200. Insurance $200; Dr.
Woodward's office, $200; Dr. Bell, dentist.
$200; Ida M. Yertey, store. $200; George E.
Brigham's farm Implement store. $1200.
The fire was discovered about 2 o'clock
by Mr. Hartel. who happened to be pass-
Ing. • No one heard the explosion In the
postoffice. which was located in Knorr'a
store. The burglars got nothing from the
safe, for Postmaster John Ballenger had.
as was his custom, taken all the cash
home the evening before.
The burglars got their tools by break-
Ing into W. L. Gould's blacksmith *hop.
They also entered Ratburn's general mer
chandise sf re and Goetze"s meat market,
but carried away nothing.
Attempt to Bob Postoffice in Shelby,
Nebraska, Results Disastrously
BLOW UP A SAFE AND
SET ITBE TO A TOWU
And Mr. Gaffney. shook his head in a
manner that boded no good for George
W.'Root.
He was perfectly correct in saying that
fcis experience with Root was'not excep
tional. -
During the past three weeks George W.
Root has • been compelled to enterta 1 **
he would pay if Root did not.
"Since that time I have been utterly un
able to get a cent out pf Root, although I
have been to his office forty or fifty times.
He always had the same story— no money.
I told him that I would expose him, but
he always begged for time. He knew that
I could not use violence upon him for fear
of injuring my family. I told him that he
was robbing my family In robbing me, but
my protests did no good.
An Appeal to Chief Justice Beatty.
"Finally I appealed to Chief Justice
Beatty to intercede for me! I showed him
the note which Root had given me and
told him that the Clerk of the Supreme
Court ought to be thrown out or be made
to pay his bills./ I told Chief Justice
Beatty the entire circumstances under
which Root had obtained the money from
me, but the Chief Justice told me that he
could do nothing as Root was an elective
officer and the Supreme Court could do]
nothing as long as h« performed his
duties.
"Even while he owed me the money
Root had the nerve to ask me for $500
more, saying Jhat he had a' chance to buy
an interest , In a poolroom at Sacramento.
But I wanted the money I had already
given him. He kept denying me until now
the note that was to run for a day has
been running for . more than fourteen
months and still Root has showed no
signs of paying. And you may be sure
that my experience with the Clerk of the
Supreme. Court has, not been exceptional.
He. has treated others as he has treated
me.":
"But Root continued to plead. He said
that he needed the mon«y only for, one
day and he would give me a chattel mort
gage on his furtniture if I would lend him
what riV wanted. , Finally. Duncan said
that he would pay me If: Root did not, and
with that understanding I agreed to lend
it. Duncan's interest in, the matter was
created by the fact that his brother la a
deputy in Root's office. On August 26; 1893.
I loaned Root $513 71, which I handedto
him in a check that 'I; had just received.
I took his note for the amount, the note
to run one, day without grace. Duncan
wrote" on the back his Indorsement that
"Both pleaded with'me to lend Root the
money, but I had had an experience with
Root which made me hesitate. Just after
he had been elected Clerk of the Supreme
Court and before he took office he bor
rowed $500 from me, with the understand
ing that the loan was to bo for. thirty
days. It took me five 'months and the
greatest amount of trouble • to get my
money back, and I was not anxious to re
peat the experience.
"I loaned this money to Root," said
Mr. Gaffney yesterday, "to get him out
of a very serious predicament. He came
to me with A. W. Duncan,* who told me
that Root would be thrown out of the of
fice of the Clerk of the Supreme Court if
he did not get it. He said that Root had
collected the money with which to pay
the rent of the Supreme Court quarters
and had gambled and lost It on the races.
He said that the agent of the Parrott
building was constantly after Root, who
was afraid to go near his office.
Grave Charges of Corruption.
Clerk of the Supreme Court in the Par
rott building. This money received from
the treasury, Gaffney says, was gambled
and lost by Root on the races. On August
26, 1899, Gaffney loaned Root the money
for ono day without grace, and he has not
received back ono^ dollar.
Friend George: I got your letter at Sacra
mento and also the one at home.' I waited for you
at the house to-day, as I wished to talk with
you and also give you some money, but I have
not got It all -yet, but. expect to before long:
am sure of having it by the last of February
and can set you. a Job until. that time. Will
Mr. Kristoff told his story yesterday and
showed his proofs of his evidence of the
correctness of some of the main facts In
the writing of the Supreme Court Clerk.
In addition to the note, a copy of which Is
printed herewith, Mr. Kristoff has letters
signed by. Root. One of these is dated
San. Francisco, January 29, 1899. and is as
follows: ...
Still, like a Nemesis, he haunts the
office of the Clerk of the Supreme Court.
When the clerk is busy with others and
he has been bowed out into the outer
office Kristoff frequents the vicinity. Ho
has already become well known, by sight
at least, to those whose duties dally call
them to the Supreme Court. He has blue
eyes and arching eyebrows that almost
meet. He la of medium height and has
light hair, is stocky of build and has that
in his manner that would indicate reso
luteness of purpose. His avowed intention
is not to quit seeking for his money until
he gets it. He departs one day only to
reappear the next and he haa always the
same mission. o
Boot's Nemesis Haunts Trim.
dally a man who claims to have been de
frauded by Root and who dally demands
his money, the amount of which, as evi
denced by a promissory note bearing
Root's signature, Is $1266. The man who
is thus persistent is George Kristoff. who
came to California a few years ago to
better his fortunes and who has lost the
savings of his lifetime and is left penni
less by reason of the trust he had In
promises which have been ¦.broken until
he has become well nigh discouraged.
GEORGE W. ROOT. CLERK OF THE SUPREME COURT, PRECIPITATES A SCANDAL IN HIS OFFICE BY MAK
ING A SELF-CONFESSED EMBEZZLER A DEPUTY. JAMES J. GAFFNEY AND GEORGE KRISTOFF PRE
FER GRAVE CHARGES AGAINST THE CLERK. . ¦ ¦
But the appointment of his clerks Is not
the most serious reflection upon hla af-
This Is the manner in which Root makes
and unmakes tho deputies in his office.
He dismisses a clerk whose ability he
admits for one who has been under the
eye of the police and in the shadow^ of
the gravest suspicion.
"I would have kept him to the end of
the year, but I figured that by that time
all the available places would have been
filled, and so I thought It was better to
make the change at once. He will be
looked out for; that is certain, and I
knew It when I selected him as the one
to be discharged." W&$
"I have a good man in Sacramento, and
one whom I did not wish to let go. The
man I have in Los Angeles' has married
since I appointed him and he now has his
wife to support. The chief deputy in this
office is an old friend of mine and I would
not let him go, and the assistant here has
a widowed mother and some brothers and
sisters to support. Barnett is not married
and he has no one dependent upon him.
Ho has done good work for Metcalf and
Metcalf can surely look out for him. He
is a good clerk— an excellent clerk, and
when ho left I was willing to give him
any recommendation In that line that he
wanted.
some time, and he Is prominent In Ala
meda politics. He worked for Root dur
ing the campaign that made Root clerk
of the Supreme Court, and this, coupled
with the fact that he and Root are per
sonal friends, is the reason Root gives for
his appointment.
"I have known Boody for five years
now," said Root yesterday, "and he and
I have been very friendly. He has engi
neered several deals of importance for me
and I have tried to look out for him. I
got him a place in the Tax Collector's of
fice, but when the civil service was ap
plied to the office he had to go. Since
then he has been connected with Bovee,
Toy & Sonntag. He asked me to make a
place for him, and I have done so. There
is no pull behind him; it Is an appoint
ment made for friendship alone.
How Boot Barters Positions.
"In regard to the discharge of Barnett,
I think he understands all about it. I
am sure I have his personal friendship
still, but, of course.,.1 do not ask for his
political friendship. He came to me at
Sacramento and asked me if I wished his
support, and. of course, I said I would be
grateful for anything he could do for me.
I think he overestimates his strength In
Alameda County, but, anyway, he has
been working for me for sixteen months
at $150 *a month, and I think that pays for
anything he did for me during the cam
paign.
The latter had evidently heard that hfi
was wanted and surrendered himself. He
said that he did not know what charge
would be preferred against him, but if
Anderson charged him with embezzlement
he would plead guilty. An investigation
was made and Boody threw himself on
The ugly rumors in reference to the
manner In which Root has made appoint
ments In his office reached a climax yes
terday when the Clerk of the Supreme
Court appointed XV. E. Boody as a deputy
In his office. A year ago last March
Boody confessed that he was an embez
zler and would plead guilty to that charge
if It were made against him. He was at
that time and had been for two years the
trusted agent of H. F. Anderson of Ben
Lomond, Santa Cruz County. As such
agent Boody handled a great deal of
money for Anderson, who had gone to Eu
rope for a year. When he returned he
was not satisfied with the condition of
Boody's accounts and demanded a settle
ment. This was not forthcoming, and An
derson applied to the police. Two detec
tives were detailed on the case, but were
unable to find Boody.
fcezzler.
The creditors of Root have haunted him
at his office in the Parrott building, impor
tuning him for their money and threaten
ing him with s-erious harm.. His friends
have borrowed money for him when his
credit had been exhausted, but no per
manent relief was won. He has placed
friends of his creditors in positions in his
offlce, bartering his official, gifts for finan
cial favor. But still the little army j of
the unpaid haunted him. Appeals were
made to him, to his father and his friends.
In desperation one of his creditors went
to Chief Justice Beatty with a hope of
securing relief. Threats of legal proceed
ings were made time and again, but those
who claim to be the victims of Root had
not the money with which to prosecute
them.
Boot Appoints a Self-Confessed Em-
ot expose, ugly facts and serious allega
tions broke.
Root is accused of having- conspired to
cheat one man out of several hundreds of
dollars and of having secured $500 from
another. The Clerk of the Supreme Court
is charged with being a notorious and
shameless race track gambler, who lost
in gambling the money which he received
from the State and which he should have
used to satisfy a debt of the State. He
is charged with being a patron of gam
blers In whose debt he has been, and yes
terday he appointed to a position In his
office a man who says he became an em
bezzler because of heavy losses on the
race track.
Plans Are Kept Secret, but the "Per-
.WXLLABD MAY MANAGE
THE 2JEW DEFENDER
Bonnel of the Syndicate Is
Fairly "Well Known.
NETW YORK, Nov. L— The Journal says:
Those was are looking after the defense
of the America's cup are still doing all
their work in secret. No one knows what
Is being done except those few who are
"la. the helm," and they will say nothing
when asked about the new boat, declar
ing they know nothing.
Certain of their plans, however, leak
oct, and it Is now said that the syndicate
la completed, and all the money wanted
to build tte new boat and to pay the ex
pense* for the season has been subscribed.
Cornelius Vanderbilt Is at the head of
the eyndlcate, and Commodore L. C. Led
yard. Vice Commodore August Bclmont,
Hear Commodore C. F. L. Robinson, ex-
Commodore E. M. Brown and a few
others are members." This, It Is cald, will
be announced In a few days.
Aa C. Oliver Islin and XV. Bueler Dun
can Jr. announced that they would have
nothing to do with the new yacht or the
Columbia, a manager had to be found.
Archibald Rogers, Charles Francis Adams
and E. A. TVlllard have been most talked
of during the last few days and It Is now
said on good authority that E. A. Willard
WlD be the man.
Mr. Wlllard sailed the Vigilant in the
trial races against the Defender In 1S95
end has been prominently Identified with
yachting for twenty years or more. Mr.
WUlard, when eeen yesterday, declined to
make a statement either confirming or
denying: the rumor.
It is also said that the new syndicate
will pay the cost of running the Columbia.
Last year Commodore J. Plerpont Morgan
shouldered the cost of the two boats, and
the syndicate, it is said, will do the same
n« xt year.
Highlanders Ordered to China.
? DURBAN. Natal. Oct. 31.— The Gordon
inlanders and the Devonshire Regi
ment have been ordered to be ready to
**il lor China in a few days.
An ugly scandal has burst forth in the office of George W. Boot, clerk of the Supreme Court.
Root is accused of bartering positions in his office for political and financial favors. His creditors have
threatened him with suits and Chief Justice Beatty of the Supreme Court has been implored to make him
pay a debt which, it is alleged, he incurred to make good money received by him from the Stats Treas
ury and gambled and lost by him on the races.
He is accused of notorious and open gambling and one of his creditors claims that he was grossly
swindled by Root, T7ho secured his savings of years mads through hard and persistent labor. To cap the
climax of scandal, Eoot will dismiss an admittedly efficient deputy this morning and replace him in his"
position of responsibility by a man who is a self-confessed embezzler. * .' . *
SCANDAL has broken like a storm |
over the office of George W. Root.
Clerk of the Supreme Court. The
gravest accusations are being
made against Root and the sensa
tional affair has been called to the at
tention of Chief Justice Beatty of the Su
preme Court. For months this scandal
has been threatening, but it was not until
yesterday, when Root appointed to a po
sition of grave responsibility in his office
a self-confessed embezzler that the storm
the mercy of his employer, offering to
make restitution. He said he had lost his
money on the racetrack. Anderson decid
ed to give Boody a chance, and as far as
the police were concerned the matter was I
at an end.
This morning at 9 o'clock W. E. Boody
will be sworn in as a deputy in the office
of the Clerk of the Supreme Court, to take
the place made vacant by the discharge
of Frank T. Barnett. Boody has been an
employe of Bovee. Toy & Sonntag for
{airs. One of the most serious allegations
made against him has been preferred . by
James J. Gaffney, vice president of the
San Francisco Transfer Company. Gaff
ney declares that at the most .earnest
pleading and solicitation of Rbot.'and a
friend he loaned Root 1513 for a single
day. This money, Gaffney 'says,'. *was'
loaned to Root to make good money-.whlch
Root had collected from the State;treas
ury to pay the rent of the quarters be- i
cupicd by the Supreme Court* ; and > the
Creditors Accuse the Clerk of Deception, Double Dealing and
Swindling— Root Brings a Storm About His Head by
Choosing as a Deputy a Confessed Embezzler.
Provided President McKlnley Is re-elect
ed, San Francisco, New York and London
capitalists will proceed at once to build
a big railroad system In the Philippines,
opening up territory In -the Island of Lu
zon that, according to C. R. Robinson, a
millionaire railroad and mining promoter,
who Is stopping at tha Occidental. Is rich
In minerals and almost every kind at
product of the soil. For two weeks Mr.
Robinson has been quietly perfecting the
plans, and yesterday he stated that noth
ing but the defeat of the present a3ni»n- '
1st ration would thwart the consummation
of the big enterprise.
That the promoters are sincere Is Indi
cated by the fact that they have gone so
far as to survey, plan every detail of con
struction' and order material. More than
J8,00O,0GO has been pledged, the bulk ol the
money coming from responsible' New York
and London houses. In addition . to the
railroad It is proposed to construct a bis
dock at Mariveles, which is' about twenty
five miles from. Manila. By establishing
a free port there a fine commercial trade
would be secured to the enterprising cap
italists.
Mr. Robinson leaves for Manila to-day.
i He has spent twenty years there, making
occasional trips tc the States. He is an
extensive land owner in the Philippines
and Is at the head of the Towboat and
DoclTCompar.y 'oi Manila. S
- ¦* » TJwr-peopl* ot -tbto-emintry,** lid- •sacftf
yesterday, "have no Wea of "thr-vast
amount of wealth la those islands. Every
j now and then' I hear somebody. «sk._
I "What are we going to do with them? 1
What an absurd question. Keep them, or
course. What fools we would be if we did
anything else but hold them. The mineral
! resources of the islands cannot be esti
mated. There is sold, silver, copper,
ccal—yes, there is coal enough In sight to
j uupply the whole Eastern Hemisphere for
tfO years to come:
j "What opportunity have we had to get
i at this vast wealth? None. In the past it
! meant death, or something about as bad,
| for a foreigner to go beyond the gates of
I Manila. Every now and then you read
about some would-be Investor t returning
to the States with a petulant story about
his failure to discover anything promis
ing in the Phlllpine Islands. "Where did
this fellow go? To Manila. Ha stayed
there six months— perhaps a year— tried
to make a million with $500 capital; was
unsuccessful, and then he comes back and
tells the ignorant public that the islands
are not what they are cracked up to be
and that they will always be a heavy
weight on Uncle Sam's shoulders.
"I predict that the opening of commer
cial relations with these islands will
double San Francisco's population Inside
of ten years. Manila Bay can be made the
commeicial center of the East. The es
tablishment of a free port would soon put
Hongkong In the background and tha
Philippines would become one of the most
Important coaling stations In the world.
Transport service would give way to reg
ular steamship traffic and there would be
a rush of business that would startle tha
world."
Mr. Robinson says It will take £rom four
to five years to build the railroad. The
grading can be dene In from eighteen
months to two years. A straight line has
been surveyed, the idea being to branch
out from the main road after the latter's
completion and as the country is opened
up. Between 300 and 400 miles of track
will be laid. '
Organizer of Enterprise -Says Devel
opment of -Island Will. Double
¦ ¦». City's Population. <
BRYAN'S SUCCESS THE ONLY BAR
New York, London and San
Francisco Financiers r
Backing Project.
Capitalists to BuM a
Big Railroad in
Luzon.
WILL SPEND
MILLIONS IN
PHILIPPINES
"It means much to us railroad men. If
It didn't." eald he, "we wouldn't be spend
ing two weeks here preparing and present
lrr cor case."
Mr. Stafford stated after the meeting
that tne employes felt confident the com
pany would act favorably upon the mat
ter. He preferred not to speak on the
Jtenas contained in the schedule until offi
cial action had be^n taken by the com
pany.
W. V. Stafford cf Oakland Is acting as
chairman for the delegates and he out
lined the new schedule to Mr. Fillmore
«.t a meeting: of the delegates and division
superintendents held In the Wells.-Fargo
building yesterday afternoon.
The outcome Is of the greatest Import
er, ce to the railroad men. Refusal on the
T2rt of the company to make the con- j
cessions asked rnlpht result In serious la- j
bor troubles. It is believed, however, that
the present movement will have Mr. Fill
more'a indorsement. Mr. Fillmore said
yesterday afternoon that the question was
ore that demanded some little study. He
believed in an eight-hour work day for
the employes, and if it was possible to
errange a uniform time schedule over the j
company's entire system he would cer- 1
talnly do all In his power to bring about
the charge.
The delegates come from seven different
State*. They represent the conductors, I
brakemen end yardmen on evfery branch
of the big system. The present schedule
has been In force since 1S32. During these
eight years many changes have taken
place on almost every lire owned by the
company. New terminals, extensions,
opening of new territory. Increase In pas
renrer and freight traffic and other ad
vancements have resulted In materially
charging conditions. The result is that
en scrr.e lines business has doubled. If not
tripled, and while amendments have been
made to the schedule to conform with the
rew conditions, still the schedule is far
from satisfactory and the employes have
decided that the time has come for a re-
Vision.
For two weeks twenty-five delegates,
representing more than 1500 employes of
the Southern Pacific Railroad Company,
have been holding all-day sessions Jn this j
city, the utmost care being taken to keep
their presence here a secret. Yesterday
the delegates completed the preliminary
¦work •which had kept them so busy in one i
of the upper halls of The Alcazar build- j
ing, and In a body the men waited upon
Manager J. A. Fillmore of the Southern
Pacific and submitted their proposition to
him. The railroad men ask for a new !
working schedule— a request which, if !
granted, will mean a more even basis of j
wcrklnr hours and a better classification j
c* pay. f
Committee Representing Railroad Men
Formulates Pha in Secret Ses
sion of Two Weeks.
GOOD PROSPECT FOR CHANGE
Manager Fillmore Says He
Favors an Eight-
Hour Day.
Southern Pacific Em
ployes Submit a
Request.
AND WORKING
SCHEDULES
GEORGE W. ROOT, CLERK OF THE SPREME COURT,
INVOLVED IN A GRAVE SCANDAL WHICH IS CALLED
TO THE ATTENTION OF CHIEF JUSTICE BEATTY
-PRICE FIVE CENTS.
VOLUME LXXXVIII-XO. 154.
SAN FRANCISCO, M THURSDAY, NOYEMBER j, 1900.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL.
Continued on Page Two."We stopped that night at- a hotel in
T:es Pinos. ' The next morrJns thev hired
a t«?8m and we thr^e w.»nl.-iuit'!:i search
of the land. They took me up in the
niO'jnrRinp, where there was no sign of a
ranch.
"Root said: * v> e see no one.
"Sparrowe said: 'Shoot: if you don't.
"I Jonked Root In the face and said: 'T
wouldn't shoot.' I then thought that they
liad r!ann**<i to do away with me.
"YY> turned back 8nd stopped at John
Root's one nipht. He. is the brother of
ffeorce VV. Root. On Monday we came
l>ack to TW Pino* and they showed me a
v.Iace that had a small shanty on it and
{<•]& me that the price would be $37). t
did not like that, because they had told
n"» that It would cost me only |M!>. n'hen
«w came bark to San Francisco Sparrowe
t,.\A me to elve Root $1W and to give -him
iBpam>we> my bank book at the First
National Bank in this city, where I had
Ho on deposit. I did that, and the next
vr v „.„„, ' to th* Land Office on Commer
cial str«»et. They told me that It was the
off re of a land company. I found out
that it wa« a United S<«tc? I>aml Offlco.
ind the receiver told mo that If I had
£2id money to Root and Sparrowe for he
1»nd I had r*»eti swindled. Here are the
r.nr*m that I pot at the Land Office.
Kristoff showed the papers. One was
"Sparrowe took me down to the Wharf
inper's of3o some weeks later, and that
vas how I came to meet with Root. The
two rized me up when I was there and
fid me to come around the following Sat
urday. I went as they told me, and they
then said that they would go to show me
the property the following day. In the
neantime. after my first visit to the
Wharfingers office. I had been putting in
my time doing work in the gardens and
on the houses of both Ro«u and Sparrowe.
for which I have never ber-n paid a cent.
Root lived in Sausalito. Before we went
t<> *e* the land In question' Root told his
f.'ith^r and mother in my presence that 1
vr.uld not come back. I said that I would
come to pet an outfit. We went to Tres
I'fno*. for the land they had picked out
•was n»ar therr. Sparrowe and Root went
»ith me.
Accused of Shameful Swindle.
"I had brcn in San Francisco only a
ff>w days whm I sa^.v an advertisement in
a paper that « aused me to visit 640 Market
strict. I mot Mr. Kllswnrth and E. D.
Pparrowf there. I told ih^m that I was
looking for a home. Sparrowe said that
he had something that would suit me and
that I was to wait while he went out.
Fparrowe had found out from me that I
T\ae without relative?, my father and
mother being dead. -and I also had told
him that I had 11^0 in cash. He asked me
about It. I have since learned that he
wejit out to the ofSce of the Chief Wharf
inger, where Root then was. When
h* came back he said that he had
8 place that would suit me and that there
wae a house on It and that the water sup
ply was good all the year.
•I came to California in 1S34, arriving in
Fan Francisco on ihe last day of that
yfar. I had been told in the East that
there was a chance here for a man to get
him a home on low terms. I was work
ing in Waterbury. Connecticut, when I
learned this and 3:ad. by hard work on
farms, pot together about $1400 in cash,
which would, so I thought, provide me
with a home, which was what I most
wanted. I was alone In the world and
was tired of wandering.
This letter was written on a letter-head
of the Supreme Court of California.
Kri^toff says that he was then trying to
get back the 'money he had loaned to
Root. Failing to do so he. in May of the
present year, finding that the note then
he!<5 by him against Root was soon to be
outlawed, engaged an attorney and, had
him write to Kuut that suit v.as about to
begin on the note. This part of Kristoff <?
Btory is contirmed by E. C. Chapman, a
lawyer in the Mills building. Root did not
v.ifh to have the suit brought and visited
the attorney's office.
According to KrlstofTi story Root then
said that he would give a new note and
Mould el<(« pay J:.V>. to be indorsed on the
v.oie, on "the following day. Kristofi
wished to go to the «."ape Nome go J
Helds and needed th^ money to pay for
his transportation. There is nothing on
tlie note to show that any sum has been
r.aid on account. Kristoff say? that he
has not been able to g^t a dollar. His
explanation of Root's indebtedness to him
that h^s caused him daily to haunt the
iirecincts of the Supreme Court is as fol
lows:
write and l^t you know whwi I come back from
Saciamenio, »o you can cwme up and i-?e me.
GEOItOE W. ROOT.
Boot Threatened by Angry Creditor.
Attorney Chapman said reluctantly,
yesterday, that he drew the note signed
by Root last year, a copy of which is
published, and that at that time Root
promised, as Krlstoff had said, to pay
$150 on the following day» He wrote to
Root at Kristoff's request and notified
him that a suit would be begun on the
old note and Root came to IiIb office to
say that he did not wish to stand a suit.
Then the new note was made. The old
note would soon have outlawed.
"Last year I thought that I would go to
Cape Nome. I went to Root and he gave
me a new note and promised to pay $150
on the new note the day following, but
he has not kept his promise. I am try
ing hard to get my money now and that
Is the reason why I visit Root every day."
"I &sked Sparrowe for money, .but did
not get any. I had found out that there
was no water supply on the property in
Ban Benito County and wanted my money
back, being sure that I had been swindled.
"Sparrowe said he would sell the prop
erty for me. I have never received a cent
from him. I have worked In Los Angeles
in a coal yard, have prospected for srold,
have worked In a restaurant. at Stockton
and on railroad building in Sisklyou Coun
ty since I parted with my money. Root
has sent me to several" • places to get
work and I have been disappointed. Once
he sent me to Ukiah. I have the idea
that he was trying to get rid of me. The
items that make up his indebtedness to
me are the $100 paid him on the San Benito
County land deal, the note of $927 55 and
the $S0 of money earned by me at hard
wcrk on a ranch ln~San Benito County.
All that he has repaid me is $40 and that
came in little bits, because I kept dun
ning him for money. While 1 was try-
Ing to get back the JSO I was out at money
and went three days without anything to
eat. The landlord of the house where I
was stopping helped me a little, after
awhile. "* ..
New Note.
"Then Root sot my money. He found
out from me that I had money in bank
In Waterbury and also in New Mllford.
Conn. He told me that he had a friend
who wanted to borrow money and who
would pay 10 per cent for It and advised
me to send East and get all my money.
This I did and had it sent to the Chief
Wharfinger's office with the understand
ing that Root would notify me when it
arrived. Then Root said that his friend
did not want the money, having borrowed
of some one else and that he (Root) would
borrow of me and pay Yne interest at the
rate of 7 per cent. I did not know what
to do. I had drawn my money from the
Eastern bank?. Some one had cautioned
me against putting money In California
banks and I was a comnlete stranger,
and did not know any better. I gave my
money to rtoot. He gave aie a note, April
24. 1S6. for J927 55. Afterward he bor
rowed $So from he that I had earned In
working for a farmer in the country, and
he grave me a note for that.
An Attorney Forces Root to Make a
"When I found out that the land was
Government land," said Krlstoff, as he
continued his story, "I went to the First
National Bank as soon as I could and told
the people there not to pay my money to
Sparrowe on his demand, for I had dis
covered that I had been defrauded. The
manager of the bank then sent for Spar
rowe and made him give up my deposit
book, threatening to have him arrested if
he refused. Sparrowe was very angry and
talked about shooting. When I saw Root
he said that he would fix it all right. He
had two or three schemes by which I
could make money. I was new to the
country and believed thrtt Sparrowe might
shoot, and so gave him back the deposit
book. 1 still believed that Koot was rr.y
friend. ' . .
a receiver's receipt. No. 14,864.* signed by
K. Hackett as receiver, and dated March
12, 1SS5, for $16, for entries of lots 3, 5 and
a, section 3. lot S, township IS south, of
range 7 east. The other was a receipt for
the entry of 5.54 acres, the amount paid
t<> the receiver being $6 93.
Continued From First Pr *e.
ROOT IS INVOLVED IN GRAVE SCANDAL
Yungsing-Fu Occupied
BERLIN. Oct. 31.— A special dispatch
from Peking says that an Anglo-German
force has occupied Yungsingfu. west of
Shannalkwan, on the Tsung Lunko River.
SHANGHAI. Oct. 31.— The Daily News
reports that a powder magazine at Nan
kin has been exploded by lightning and
that many persons were killed or injureJ
and much property destroyed.
Explosion of a Magazine.
PITTSBURG. Oct. 31.— By the explosion
of an alcohol vat at the Homestead Steel
Works this morning three workmen An
drew Dollklv, Michael Donder and John
Harnettl were terribly burned. Dollklv
and Donder, it is thought, will die Tha
explosion was caused by alcohol coming
In contact with natural gas.
Three Workmen Injured.
PEKING, Oct. 30.— The report that Cap
tain Hall was courtmartlaled during the
siege is not quite correct. It probably
originated from the fact that he* aban
doned a vital position on the city wall,
commanding the legations. His senior of
ficer. Captain Myers. Immediately rallied
Hall's men, rushed back and reoccupled
two breastworks before the enemy came.
Our men then held the wall to the end
of the siege. Had they not reoccupied the
position the enemy would have made
short work of the legations with artillery.
This stampede of marines, exposing thou
sards of foreign lives to certain destruc«
tlon. created Intense excitement at the
time and caused the public to lose con
fidence In the American force until H. G
Squires, first secretary of the legation,
planned, and Captain Myers executed a
brilliant sortle-wlth the same men on July
3, as narrated In dispatches at the time
After the relief of the city. Colonel Lee
as Judge Advocate collected evidence with
a view to a courtmartlal.
Special Cable to The Call and New Tork Her
ald. Copyright. 1900. by <gh« Herald Pub
lishing Company. > ¦
tioners Were Placed in Peril.
CAPTAIN HAIX'S RETREAT.
By Action of Marines Lives of Lega-
HOUSTON. Tex., Oct. 31.— There was a
heavy rainfall throughout Texas ¦ last
night and to-night and much damage has
been done to open cotton. .Property was
damaged to some extent at different
places by wind and lightning. At Crow
ley sand accumulated on the Gulf, Colo
rado and Santa Fe tracks, causing the
wreck of a special carrying Vice Presi
dent Barr and General Manager Polk.
Engineer Cross and Fireman Cumxnlngs
were badly Injured.
A high wind did much damage at Smith
vine. The 10-year-old child of Pike Baker
was killed by the wrecking of Baker's res
idence.
Are Injured.
Bar and Engineer and Fireman
Train Wrecked at Crowley by u Sand
COTTON IS DAMAGED
BY BALKS IN TEXAS
It Will Be I>etermined in the Peace
Negotiations With China.
NEW YORK, Oct. 3L— Rev. Arthur J.
Brown, one of the secretaries of the Pres
byterian Board of Foreign Missions, to
day received a letter from David J. Hill.
Assistant Secretary of State, which cover*
various points connected with the present
status of the missionaries In China. The
letter was written In connection with in
formation that Rev. A. M. Cunningham
and his wife, missionaries at Peking, were
about to return to their posts and request-
Ing that the United States authorities in
China be Informed of their purpose, if In
the Judgment of the State Department
these authorities might Interpose any ob
jection to their return to the city.
The conditions governing access of for
eigners to the non-treaty towns of ths
interior. Including Peking, and their se
curity there, Mr. Hill writes, "will neces
sarily be considered In the negotiations
for a definite settlement between China
and the powers. While it would be pre
mature to open an access to the Chinese
interior for our citizens engaged in com
mercial or professional pursuits, there
would seem to bf> no objection to Mr.
Cunningham's return. The United States
forces at Tientsin and Peking would
doubtless afford him all facilities for his
return not in conflict with regulations
which may have been adopted regarding
the return of foreigners Into the city. A
copy of this correspondence will be sent
to Minister Conger for his Information.
' Cunningham, who was in this country
on furlough at the time of the outbreak
in China, recently applied for permission
to return to his post. He is now in San
Francisco and with his wife will sail for
China on Saturday.
STATUS OF MISSIONARIES.
tablishing the title of the D - n 4 c f"-" no «
cumbents of those offices. The three Re-
Dubllcan judges d ssented. This case ap-
Sned to all of the State officers except
Governor and Lieutenant Governor tha
contests over which were Bettled by the
Legislature. _
Meetings at/Buffalo.
BUFFALO, Oct. 31.— The train bearing
the Republican Vice Presidential candi
date arrived in this city shortly after 4
o'clock, after making a stop at Black
Rock, an Industrial suburb of Buffalo and
¦the north bound railway center of the
city. The Governor was accorded a splen
did reception at this place and addressed
a few remarks to the laboring people.
From the time of his arrival until the
time he retired there was one continuous
ovation." The streets through which he
had to pass on his way from the station
were crowded with people.^ _
It had been planned to have the Gov
ernor hold a reception this afternoon be
cause of the early hour of his arrival, but
he was so fatigued with the: day's work
that he compromised^ by addressing the
assembled people as a whole, explaining
that he was deeply touched by the mag
nificent reception which had been accord
ed him and that he desired to thank them
Governor Roosevelt, spoke at three
meetings to-night, one on the east side in
the industrial portion of the city, which
was an open air affair, and where so
many people were gathered that less
than half of them could hear, the
speaker. Another followed In a small hall
where the major part of the audience was
composed of Italians, and the third and
last in the immense convention hall,
which was filled to the doors, addition
to touching upon the many subjects which
he has exploited at other places, the Gov
ernor said:
Our opponents, having no case on the facts,'
GIVEN SPLENDID RECEPTION.
Governor Roosevelt Speaks at Three
Mr Bryan will start early to-morrow
morning for Indiana en route for Chicago.
Mr Bryan's, train made quite a long
stop at Lima, where he addressed the
crowd from the carriage in which he was
driven to the speaking place. He charged
the Republicans not only with evading
the campaign, but specifically asserted
that they had run away from every Issue.
He Baid: , .
We have reached a point where we now
know that the Republican plan of camoalain
has failed and it is too late for ReDubllcans
to adoDt a new plan of campaign. The Re
oubllcans started out by refusing to dlscu.«s
the trust question. They have kept up to their
refusal. They started out by refusing to
discuss the army question. They have ad
hered to their refusal. They started out by
trying to avoid the question of Imperialism and
they have kept running from It. They also
started out to appeal to the laboring man with
a full dinner pall and they have dropped the
dinner rail.
I have received to-day two circu
j lars, one being sent out to members
! of the A. P. A. society asking them
1 to vote the Republican ticket as a
I protest' against Catholics, and the
jother asking Catholics to vote the
i Republican ticket as a protest against
j the A. I*. A. Here you find^the Re
publicans, having 1 failed in their ap
peal to the people to support Repub
lican principles on any broad grounds.
! now sending out circulars appealing
j to religious prejudices. I thank God
I that the Democratic party is a party
eto which people can belong no matter
j of what church . they are members.
We believe in religious and civil lib
erty and men come into the Demo
cratic party not in order to advance
their claims against other people, but
in order to protect the rights of all
people under the American flag. Our
fight has been a fight for American
principles, applied to all these ques
tions. Our fight has been a fight for
those principles upon which the Gov
ernment has been founded. We be
lieve in industrial independence in
this country and in political inde
j pendence everywhere under our flag.
With the exception of the Toledo speech
none of the others exceeded twenty-five
minutes in length and six of them were
of only five minutes duration each. A
majority of the places where stops were
made were email towns, and as a rule
the crowds were not large. There were,
however, fine audiences at Toledo, Wau
seon, Piqua. Dayton and College Corners.
In his speech at Wauseon, Mr. Bryan
again charged the Republican party with
making sptscious pleas to different classes
of people, and in support of his assertion
produced circulars addressed to both the
Catholic church and the A. P. A. Refer
ring to these circulars he said:
CINOIXNATI, Ohio, Oct. 31.— William J.
Bryan made the first speech to-night that
he has made in this city during the pres
ent campaign. He arrived on a special
train at 8 o'clock to-night. The day was
ppent entirely in this State and the itin
erary covered the country between this
city and Toledo. Beginning with an hour's
speech at Toledo at 10 o'clock this morn
ing, ,Mr. Bryan spoke in succession at
Wauseon, Napoleon. Ottawa, Lima, Wau
pokenta; .Sydney. PIqua, Troy, Dayton,
Hamilton and College Corners?
FRANKFORT. Ky.. Oct. 31.— In the
Court; of Appeals to-day the Judgment of
the lower court in the contests over the
minor. State offices was affirmed, thus es-
In Favor of the Democrats.
ST. PAUL., Oct. 31.— Secretary Charles
Williams of the Democratic State Central
Committee of Ohio, to-day telegraphed to
the Minnesota Democratic State Central
Committee that Ohio is lost to Bryan. Mr.
Williams -informed his Minnesota sympa
thizers that he had -secured' reports from
all "portions of his State, and from the
mest reliable information obtainable he
estimates that McKinley's plurality in
Ohio will be at least 25,000.
Ohio Lost to Bryan.
LOUISVILLE. Ky.. Oct. 31.-Colonel
Daniel McClure, U. S. A., retired, died at
his home here to-night of pneumonia. He
was a West Point graduate, but resigned
from the army and took a prominent part
in politics in Indiana before the Civil War.
Later, he was appointed a paymaster in
the army by President Buchanan. He
served on the staffs of Generals Halleck,
Pope, Hancock and Schofleld.
SAN JUAN, Porto Rico, Oct. 31.— To-day
was the last day of registration for the
coming election of a House of Delegates
and a Commissioner to Washington. It
is estimated that the total registration
will reach 110,000, though probably about
30.000 will be rejected. The Federals still
firmly assert that they will not go to the
polls. No reports of trouble anywhere in
the island were received to-day except
news of a small riot at Aguadilla, which
was without serious result.
•__ _ ;
Colonel D. McClure.
Politics in Porto Rico.
The receipt cf your letter notifying me of
the indorsement by the Anti-Imperialistic
League and inclosing the resolutions adopted
was delayei 'bevause of my continuous ab
sence from home. Allow me to assure you of
my appreciation of the confidence expressed by
the league. My speech delivered at Indianapo
lis August 8 in response to the Democratic com
mittee sets forth my views on imperialism more
fully than I could do by letter. I
need not reiterate them here. It has
been extremely gratifying: to find our
people so fully awake to the dangers
of a colonial policy. Every indication at pres
ent points to such an emphatic protest against
the Republican party as to not only insure a
return to the fundamental principles of gov
ernment, but such a protest as will warn all
parties in the future not to disregard the blood
boueht principles which have given to ttils na
tion its glory and which must In the future
make it an example for the uplifting of man
kind. >
BOSTON. Oct. 31.— The reply from Mr.
Bryan in acknowledgement of the ad
dress adopted by the National Liberty
Congress of Anti-Imperialists at Indian
apolis, which was e.ngrossed and sent to
him, has just been received at the office
of the New England Anti-Imperialist
League here. The reply Is dated Brook
lyn, N. Y., October 29. It follows:
Acknowledging Indorsement.
Bryan Writes a Letter; to the League
TO ANTI-IMPERIALISTS.
Unless Mr. Monnett has taken leave of his
senses I cannot believe he ever made such a
statement. So far as I can recall or tlie rec
ords of this department show I have never writ
ten him a letter upon any subject. I am sure
that 1 never wrote him a letter upon the sub
ject of trusts nor in any wise alluded to the
action of this administration with reference
thereto. With his allegation that I made such
a statement in a personal Interview with him
that Is alfco entirely untrue. I never met Mr.
Monnett but once, and that was only for a few
minutes when he called to pay a visit of cour
tesy, being Introduced to me by his predecessor,
the present Solicitor General, John K. Rich
ards, of Ohio. I do not think or believe that
the subject of trusts or any other subject ex
cept such as would arise in general.conversa
tion upon, a visit of this nature was touched
upon. 1 am sure that I made no such-statement
as you say Mr. Monnett attributes to me. Nor
could I have made such a statement, because
it would have been untrue. The attitude and
recard of this administration on the subject of
prowoutlon under the anti-trust laws are con
tained In the last annual report of the Attorney
General to Congress, a copy of which la for
warded to you by this mall.
I am in receipt of your letter of the 23d inst.
in which you state that ex-Attorney General
Frank S. Monnett of Ohio in a Democratic
speech at Napoleon on the 22d inst. stated that
1 in a letter to mm and also In a personal In
terview with him stated that the reason why
iho'trusts have not been prosecuted was that
the President ha« been Inactive and indifferent
In the enforcement of the anti-trust laws.
NAPOLEON, Ohio, Oct. 31.— A letter
from Attorney General Griggs to J. R.
Linthicum, chairman of the Republican
committee of Henry County, relative to
certain statements made by former At
torney General Monnett In a speech de
livered here on October 21, was made pub
lic to-day. Attorney General Griggs says:
Statement Made by Monnett.
ADMINISTRATION AND TRUSTS.
Attorney General Griggs Refutes a
He adds there is but little, if any. differ
ence between the race question law in
North Carolina and that in Porto Rico.
chisement of the negroes in North Caro
lina by the Democrats of that State?"
Mr. Bryan stated that this question was
not an Issue in the campaign, and said:
"You should hold the President respon
sible for what he had done in Porto Rico
and not me responsible for what has been
done in North Carolina."
. PRINCETON, N. J., Oct. 31.— Francis J.
Hall, president of the University Repub
lican Club, has received a letter from "Wil
liam J." Bryan, dnt ?<1 New York. October
29, in which he inhswer3 two questions
sent him by the Republican Club when he
addressed the students at Princeton Junc
tion last Thursday. After expressing his
appreciation of the courtesy shown him by
the Republicans at that meeting he an
swered the questions: •
"First, will you if elected, redeem the
coltr. obligations of the Government in
gold or silver?'.' ¦ .
To this he replied that he would en
force the law as he found it; that the Re
publican party has the Executive, House
and Senate and as there is one more ses
sion of Congress before another President
is : inaugurated, he had no way of know
ing what law regarding this matter would
be in effect by March 4. He also stated
that his views on the money question
could be found in his : letters of accept
ance. : ¦-¦¦¦.
""Second, dp you approve of the, disfran-
versity Republican Club
DODGES ONE QUESTION.
Bryan Replies to the Princeton TJni-
Hypocrisy.
FORT WAYNE, Ind.. Oct. 31.— Senator
Mark A. Hanna spoke to two large audi
ences to-night. He addressed 3000 people
at Princess Rink and a crowd of 3000 at
the Y. M. C." A. Hall. He was greeted on
his arrival by a parade of Rough Riders
and factory men. His audience was large
ly composed of workingmen and his argu
ment was addressed to them, being con
fined solely to the prosperity issue. The
men whose example they should follow,
he said, are the men. who have success
fully managed the country's great indus
trial establishments. He accused Mr.
Bryan of utter hypocrisy, and- charged
that m the last days of the campaign in
desperation the Democratic candidate was
attempting to raise class animosity and
array workingmen against their employ
ers. His arraignment of Mr. Bryan was
severe, and followed his declaration that
he had been the butt of Mr. Bryan's ridi
cule, sarcasm .and vituperation for four
years, and that now before Mr. Bryan's
retirement to private life he proposed to
give him a few parting shots.
After his speech Senator Hanna was
asked to express an opinion on' Chairman
Jones' " interview dealing with Mr. Cro
ker's advice to Democrats regarding their
conduct on election day, but he refused to
talk about the matter. - ; •:
At Niagara Falls the Governor's train
was greeted with the Governor's salute of
nineteen guns, and the Governor was
taken to the opera-house, where he ad
dressed a large" audience. The chairman
of the meeting addressed him as the
frieml of the workingman and a working
man himself.
HANNA'S TELLING SPEECHES.
The Senator Accuses Bryan of Utter
And what are the plans of Messrs. . Bryan
and Cockran? Why, of all things In the world
Mr. Bryan proposes to establish a protectorate
over the Islands, including Sulu. and therefore
to perpetuate slavery, and polygamy by guaran
teeirg to the islanders these among the other
institutions and protecting them against all
outside interference. In other words, Mr.
Bryan's platform deliberately provides fpr the
perpetuation of the very evils which he and
Mr.. Cockran effect to denounce. As a matter
of fact, they can only be done away with by
following our system! • *
So It Is in Sulu. We shall keep the flag fly
ing, -and therefor^ In the end polygamy and
slavery will both disappear. I might mention
incidentally that President McKinley has al
ready declined- to recognize slavery in the
Island, and therefore has taken steps toward
its abolition. ¦*
Half a century ago there were many aboli
tionists, "sincere but absolutely foolish and
wrong-headed people, who wanted the free
States to secede from the Union because there
was slavery in the Union. Had their advice
been followed slavery would exist to the pres
ent day .in the Southern States. The only thing
to do was what we actually did— that is, to
keep the Hag flying, and when the full of time
arrived abolish slavery.
I should like to ask them if they think that
it will help their policy in th« event of our
withdrawing the flag? Of course, as a matter
of fact, the only chance of getting rid of either
consists in keeping, the flag up." We cannot
do everything in a day. Messrs. Bryan and
Cockran would be the first to rave against
President McKlnley If he now added to th«
war with Aguinaldo another war with the
Sultan of Sulu.
Well, what are the reasons he gives as his
excuse? In th« first place. Imperialism; In the
second, militarism. By imperialism he means
our expansion Into the Philippines, an expan
sion conducted on exactly the Bame basis as
Jefferson's expansion into the country west of
the Mississlrrii. Mr. Cockran and Mr. Bryan
have both affected to feel great horror from
the fact that polygamy and. as alleged, slavery
exists In Sulu, In the Philippine archipelago,
which is now under our flag.
Bourke Cockran spoke here the other night.
He presented Mr. Bryan's issues rather better
than Mr. Bryan could present them, yet I con
fees It Is Incomprehensible to mo how Mr.
Cockran can now champion Mr. Bryan, in view
not only of what he said four years ago, but
of what he said as late as last February, when
he 'stated that no matter whether thera was
lir^erlallam or not in the campaign ho would
have to pursue the course he did In 1S96. be
cause he said: # '"I regard the Chicago Dlat
"orm as destructive to all government and I
should prefer some government to no govern
ment."
v.-as due to the anthracite coal trust. As A
matter of fact the retail price delivered Is
J5 75. Just about what is always has been at
this season of the year.
are constantly obliged to alter facts in order
to make their case. I have noticed olacard*
in your city, put up by them, statin? that the
cost of coal was $7 25 per ton, and that this
PAHIS, Oct. 31.-The civil tribunal has j
appointed George J. Gould trustee for the
Countess de Caatellane, his Bister. Ac
cording to the pleadings In the case her
husband, Count Bonl de Castellane, spen.
23,000.000 francs in four years, whereas nw
Income from his wife's fortune is only
3,000.000 francs.
The action was the .result of a suit
brought by Mr. Gould against his sister
The court granted his request and ap
pointed him trustee. The proceedings
•were conducted in secret session, only tne
bare decision being announced. Tne
Castellanes are now staying in the coun
try together.
Maitre Bonnet, when applying for the
trusteeship. Informed the. president of tne
court that the Countess herself recog
nized that the expenditure had been too
lavish and that it was necessary for some
one of experience and authority to man
age her affairs. He went on to say that,
although the Countess was a consenting
party to the trusteeship, it was desirable
that he should furnish precise details. The
Income of the Countess, he went on. was
3 008,000 francs. Since the marriage 15.
000.000 francs had been expended and the
debts amounted now to 22.000.000 francs.
The Gould family had met in consulta
tion and unanimously decided to authorize
Mr. Gould to make the present applica
tion.
The debts, Maitre Bonnet said, were the
following: Three million seven hundred
and two thousand francs in connection
with the Charity Bazaar building and the
hotel in the Rue Malakoff. etc., etc.: 6.
585,260 francs on mortgages payable from
1900 to 1909: 4,293.155 francs on bills, money
loaned; 9.100,000 francs owing to curio
dealers.
Maitre Bonnet went on to say that the
creditors distrained on the Selne-et-OIse
property and that the family had to in
tervene to prevent the sale.
With regard to the fftness of George
Gould to be trustee, Maitre Bonnet point
ed out that his fortune was larger than
that of the Countess; that authority
based on affection would 1 be great, and
that no one was better qualified, as It was
George Gould who was appointed execu
tor of his father's will.
Another consideration was that the
clearing away of the debts would take a
number of years, and that therefore It
would be wise to economize and not go
to the expense of- a paid trustee.
The tribunal, taking this view, declared
As the hero of duelling encounters
Count de Castellane has an envied repu
tation. His latest duel, that with Count
Orlowskl, was fought with swords In the
outskirts of Paris last July. In the first
assault Count Orlowskl was wounded in
the thorax and the duel was stopped by
the doctors.
Neither George nor Helen Gould will
discuss the Paris dispatdh further than to
say "the facts speak for themselves."
Count do Castellane last January be
came involved in a controversy with M.
de Rodays. editor of the Figaro of Paria,
and it was said came near fighting a duel
to prove that he was not financially em
barrassed, and had not gone to the united
States to endeavor to raise money on hla
wife's property. •-"¦-'
The Count' is* fortune has been various
ly estimated at from $10,000,000 to $15,000.
000
Count de Castellane wa« little heard of
on this side of the water until the an
nouncement of his engagement to Anna
Gould. Everybody said that it was a love
match. He had come to this country on
a hunting trip and spent some time in the
West after big game. After his return to
the East he was entertained at several of
the clubs, and It was while hunting ,wtth
the Monmouth County pack at Lake
Wood, N. J.. that he met the Goulds.
NEW YORK, Oct. 31.— Anna Gould ami
Count Bonl de Castellane were married In
this city by Archbishop Corrlgan, March.
4. 1S35, at the home of the bride's brother.
George Gould. A civil marriage was af
terward performed by a Judge of the Su
preme Court. The nuptials were heralded
by music from unseen Instruments In a
house of flowers and filled with enchant
ing 1 surprises. The voice of a famous
opera singer, \fno was hidden from view.
rose In the beautiful dream song from
••Lohengrin." Superb Jewels were among
the wedding presents.
Since that time, five and a half years
ago. the lives of the Count and Countess
de Castellane have been filled with events.
Rumors, however, undoubtedly magni
fied the magnificence of their entertain
ments in Paris, and the exploits and ex
travagance of the Count.
Durinjr the last four years the names or
the Count and Countess have been con
tinually before the public. That of the
Count was mentioned frequently In con
nection with alleged royalist movements.
and that of the Countess because of her
popularity in French society, her splendM
entertainments and her large gifts to
It has been repeatedly asserted in this
country and In France during the last
year that the Count's financial affairs
were In a bad condition.
It appears that the Countess, 'who wa.«
not present In court to-day, was ques
tlond by President Badouln last Friday.
the plaintiff "possessed better than any
other oi the necessary position and au
thority to assist the defendants."
Declares That That Party Is Sending Circulars
Both to Catholics and the A. P. A.
CHICAGO, Oct. 31.— Hon. Don M. Dickinson of Detroit, Postmaster General under Cleveland, who
visited Mr. Cleveland at Princeton yesterday, was asked to-day for his views of the significance of Mr. Cleveland's at
titude, in the present campaign. .;_.*• >* ,*..¦,
"The meaning of this authorized publication," replied Mr. Dickinson, "is that it applies and
zvas meant by Mr. Cleveland to apply to the present campaign* ¦ .'
''Marc important than Mr. Clrjeland's championship of sound money in tliat speech in 1897
zvas his prophetic denunciation of the revolutionary doctrines and class hatred zvhich are now so con
iihWu{'campaign. " * ; \ ",.• » .- ' ' * -\ ¦ '•.;'• ' \
¦ "To all Democrats Mr. Cleveland's -words : must nozv come with' peculiar - significance. He
speaks of those zvho' love the principles of their party 'too zvell to /follow its stolen banners.* He char
acterizes ihe.Bryanitc campaign as the zvtirk of agitators and demagogues.; He emphasizes this by'call
ing them ruthless agitators, sozving seeds of ¦discontent [and class suspicion and distrust. He states that
thc\ call honest accumulation a crime; he characterizes . the Bryan campaign as a crusade of discofi^j
tent and passion, encouraging the restless and iurbulejU
allied forces of calamity as having f on
continuance of the crusade. - . ¦¦;'.{¦¦ :^;'[_.\..y :/ :.;¦,; _ - '.V ; ; " "-.^v ¦;';.. v.i' ; V ; ;v/;::'' ' : \ : : : '..¦:¦.: 4 ¥
i : 7 ' ''The 'present authorized 'publication points \and was meant to pom^
of to-day. /¦ ; V -' , ' • ' ¦ . .
"Mr. Cleveland's repetition of the speech states broadly that 'the party legends have been ef
faccd' and that the leadership of the 'organisation is anti-Democratic : and ''-'showing that Democrats
should not permit themselves to be forced to 'follozv false lights! zvhich will only lead the zvay to
party defeat and destruction. . j ¦
"Mr. Cleveland pointedly adds that 'party discipline and organization should never be the mas
ters of party principles.' This publication by Mr. Cleveland's authority is a trumpet call to good Dem
ocrats. Note his language. He says: 'Gn our campaign ground zvexvill xvork and wait with approv
ing conscience and constant faith. Here we stand. We cannot do otherzvisc.' "
WILLIAM J. BRYAN ACCUSES REPUBLICANS
OF MAKING SPECIOUS PLEAS TO CLASSES
Special Dispatch to The Call.
He Says the Authorized Statement of the Former Democratic
President Was Intended to Apply to This Campaign.
Sir Frank Lascelles. dealt with a num
ber of interesting topics. His Majesty
expressed satisfaction at the favorable
reception given the Anglo-German agree
ment by all the powers, which he called
a "good prognostication of the speedy so
lution of the Chinese embrogllo."
as to the eventual steps to be taken for the
protection <>f their own interests in China.
As this clause refers to a reciprocal arrangre
r:«-nt between )he two high contracting powers
the Government of the United States does not
rtpard itself as called upon to express an opln
loti in resrect to it.
I have. etc.. JOHX HAT.
<A similar note mutatis mutandis wa* ad
dressed on the same day by « v .» Secretary of
State to the Imperial German Charge d'Af
faires.)
BERLIN. Oct. 31.— The formal reply of
Japan, unreservedly accedinp to the terms
of the Anglo-German agreement, has been
received at the German Foreign Office.
Emperor William's long conversation
yesterday with the British Embassador,
the territorial condition of the Chinese em
pire.
The I'nited States have heretofore made
known their adoption of txrth thene principles.
Puring the last year this (tovernmPnt invited
the |>owers ir.terertf-d in China to Join in an
cxpr««inn of views and purposes in the direc
tion of impartial trade with that country, an<i
rcctived satisfactory assurances to that effect
fiom all of them. When the recent troubles
v<re at their heicht this Government, on the
3d of July, once more made an announcement
of its policy regarding impartial trade and the
integrity r>f the Chinese empire, and had the
erstincation of learning that ail the powers
h<id similar views. And bint* that time the
r.icft gratifying hr.rr.iony has existed among
aM the nations concerned a« to the ends to be
pursued and there has been little divergence
of opinion as .to the details of the course to
be followed.
It Is therefore, with much Fatlsfactlon that
the President directs me to Inform you of the
fi.ll sympathy of this Government with those
oi' her Britannic Majesty and tne German ISxa.
j« ror in the principles cet forth in the clauses
• <' the agreement above citcil
The third clause of the afcre^ment provides:
III. In ca?e of another power making itself
complication* in China in order to obtain under
uny form whatever any territorial advan'aKes
lh« two contracting parties reserve to them
fwives to come to a preliminary understanding
and lltteral of China should remain free and
open to trade, «m<i to every other legitimate
furm o/ economic activity for the nationals
o{ all countries without distinction, and the
two Governments agree 'en their part to up
hold t!ie tame for aJI Chinese territory tm far
ar they can exercise Influence.
IX. Her liritannic ilfljesty'p Oovemment and
tin- impfrial German Government will not on
their part make use of the present complication
to obtain for themselves any territorial advan
tace« in chiiifse dominions and will direct
tl.eir policy ton-ard maintaining- undimlnlnhed
United State* Government, sent in dupli
cate to each of the principals to the
agreement. .
Mr. Hay to Ix>rd Pauncefote:
Department of State."
WASHINGTON. D. C.. Oct. 29, 1900.
Fxcf-Ilenry: I have the honor to acknowledge
the receipt of ycur note of the 23d of Octo
bcr, inclosing the text of an agreement between
On-at Britain and Germany ielat!ng to affairs
In «*hlna, which was signed in London on the
It th Inst. by the Marquis of Salisbury and the
iv«: Governments, and inviting the acceptance
by the I'nited States of the principles re
c'rded In that agreement. . •. ¦. ¦.
Theee principles are: •¦• ':¦¦. ¦¦''¦¦¦
I. It is a matter of Joint and permanent In
t< rnational Interest that the ports on the rivers
Special Dispatch to The Call.
CALL BUREAU. WELLINGTON HO
TEL. WASHINGTON. Oct. 31.-Compre
herfive instructions bearing upon the In
demnity this Government will demand of
<hin.i have pone to Minister Conger. Ad
ministration officials decline to state the
character of the instructions on the
ground that it would be impolitic to make
thrm public before the powers had reach
ed an agreement on this important feature
of the negotiations. The demand this
Government will submit, will, however, be
moderate. It will comprise restitution for
injuries suffered by Americans and dam
,-;ges done their pr«4f>erty as follows:
Indemnity for the heirs of missionaries
killed; indemnity for injuries sustained by
missionaries who escaped <]cath;indrmnlty
for mission property destroyed: indemnity
for former Minister Charles Denby. who
owned buildings used as the American
Legation; indemnity for private citizens
who have sufTrrr-d losses; reimbursement
of expenses incurred in sending the mili
tary expedition to China.
It is Uke)jr that Germany, in addition
to proFominp a list of claims such as the
fnrepolnp. will file a claim of several mil
lions for the death of Baron von Kotte
ler. the German Minister, and it may be
fhf ¦will also include claims for damapos
caused near Klaochou In the province of
f hantung.
It cannot b<» karned that this Govern
ment has determined upon the exact sum
t<^ be demanded, but tt is understood that
whatever It is, it will likely be accepted
In Chinese bond?, which are to be taken
up by China in installments. So far as
the information of the department shows,
satisfactory prepress is beinR made by the
Ministers in reaching an agreement
amonpr themselves as to the demands to
be rubmitted to China. It will probably
l.e some little time beiore the delibera
tions of the Ministers are toncluded, and
the demands they approve will be. s=ub
mitted and China will have to agree,
though she may demur and attempt to
lessen the ricnr of the terms.
Secretary Hay made public to-day the
correspondence between the United
States. Great Britain and Germany rela
tive to the agreement reached between
the last two powers. As his been stated,
the United States announces its adher
ence to the principles of the integrity of
China and the "open door." and asserts
that as a thirl article relates to an ar
tancemenl between the higrh contracting
parties it cannot express an opinion with
respect to it.
TO MAINTAIN "OPEN DOOR.''
State Department Publishes the Brit
ish-German Agreement.
WASHINGTON. Oct. 31.— The State De
partment to-day made public the BritiFh-
Grrman agreement respecting tne main
tenance of the "open door" and territorial
integrity in China.. with the answer of the
Amount Not Made Public but
Bonds, to Be Taken Up in In
stallments, to Be Accepted.
NATURE OF INDEMNITY
DEMANDED FROM CHINA
BY THE UNITED STATES
Special IHspatdi to Tlie Call.
George J. Gould Will Now Endeavor
to Save His Sister's Estate
From Utter Ruin.
APPOINTING RECEIVER
TO STOP EXTRAVAGANCE
OF COUNT CASTELLANE
D0N M. DICKINSON EXPLAINS
GROVER CLEVELAND'S MEANING
TUB SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, NOVEMBER 1, 1900.
Rioting in Porto Rico.
Special Coble to The Call and New York Her
ald. Copyright, 1900, by the Herald Pub
lishing Company.
SAN JUAN. Porto Rico, bet 31.— Serious
rioting: at Aguadllla has resulted in, a con
flict between civilians and the native regi
ment. The soldiers fired Into a mob and
several persons were wounded, none fa
tally. ' ¦¦_ J '_ '
To Cure a Cold In One Day.
Take Laxative Bromo Quinine Tablets. All
drugritu refund the money if It fails to cure.
E. W. Grove's signature is on each box. 25c. *
2
CHAPTER I
The
Red
Front's
S t o r y
A story for boys
from a store for
boys. A story of
money- saving op-
portunities on just
the things you need.
* suit
Another line $2.8* suit
Middy Suits
The kind with the
sailor collars and fancy
vests — Blues or Grav
Mixtures.
A little price for lit-
tle boys.
CHAPTER II
Boys' Pants
Just the kind for school
—good and strong and
of touch material.
Double seats, double
knees and doubl;
stitched — Rip proof,
tear proof, wear proof,
patent- button bands —
Ages 3 to 14 years
Very special
2?C
pairaiissinff Dora "Wende Found-
jC^PA, Oct. 21.— Dora Wend*, the girl
Who disappeared from the home of County
Clerk Colllr.s here last Sunday night, was
brought back last evening by Mrs Col
lins The girl went as far as the Midaie
toa rar.cn. nine miles south of Napa,
where she stayed until she was located.
Dc-a said that ehe aid not know why sh«
left the house, .and when she discovered
v-hat had been dor.e she was ashamed to
v,~«^ *><ri<n tn tv>» C!r»lilns home.
was late. J. P. Rodgers was chairman
and there was a large gathering of party
men. Connolly spoke on good roads and
other local interests. Deuprey made a
stirring speech on the Philippine policy of
the Democracy and attacked the McKin
ley administration. The meeting aroused
enthusiasm and was the best held by the
Democrats hera this fall.
Judge Carter at Merced.
MERCED, Oct. 31.— Merced citizens were
disappointed on learning that Hon. S. M.
Shortridge would be unable to deliver the
address that was scheduled for to-night.
This morning J. W. Knox, chairman of
the Republican County Central Commit
tee, received a telegram stating that Mr.
Shortrldge's voice had failed and that he
would be unable to speak. Hon. Stanton
L. Carter, Superior Judge of Fresno Coun
ty, was substituted and delivered a fine
address to a very large audience. George
H. Hollidge acted as chairman. :"',:.
Address by Horace G. Platt.
SACRAMENTO. Oct. 31.— Horace G.
Platt of San Francisco to-night addressed
an immense audience at Turner Hall on
the issues of the campaign. Mr. Platt de
voted himself almost exclusively to an
swering the arguments put forth by Wil
liam Jennings Bryan. His points were
well received and the meeting was one of
the most noteworthy of the campaign.
The McKinley Club and Rough Riders,
uniformed and carrying torches, escorted
Mr. Platt to the hall.
Big Gathering at Angels.
ANGELS CAMP, Oct. 31.— The largest
local gathering of this Presidential cam
paign formed in torchlight procession in
front of the Angels Hotel to-night and,
led by a band, marched up the street to
the Utiea mine, countermarching to Dai
ling's large hall. There John F. Davis
and F. J. Solinsky spoke. The crowd was
so large that many were unable to get
even standing room.
Etr-Congressman Bowers Talks.
EL CAJON. Oct. 31.-Hon. TV. W. Bow
ers of San Diego, formerly Congressman
from the Seventh District, addressed a
large meeting here to-night. His address
v,*as directed toward the necessity of re
turning a Republican to Congress if there
were the least desire on the part of the
people of San Diego County to secure
recognition at Washington.
McKinlay at Ramona.
SAN DIEGO, Oct. 31.— The people of Ra
mona, the center of population in the
Santa Maria Valley, turned out en masse
to-night to hear Duncan E. McKlnlay
speak on the issues of the campaign, as
viewed from a Republican standpoint.
Colonel Sloan was the chairman of the
meeting nnd the town hall was filled to
the doors. ,>.
Vallejo Democratic Rally.
VALLEJO, Oct. 31.— The Democrats held
the boards at Farragut theater to-night
and their two speakers, Barclay Henley
and Frank H. Gould, were accorded an
enthusiastic reception. Fireworks, rock
ets and red fire Illuminated the line of
march previous to the meeting. The
theater was filled to its capacity.
Final Rally at Pacific Grove.
PACIFIC GROVE. Oct. 31.— The final
Republican rally of the present campaign
in this city was held to-night at the head
quarters of the McKinley and Roosevelt
Club." The speakers were Hon. B. A.
Eardley, William Sutton and David Upton
of Pacific Grove and Attorney Charles B.
Rosendale of Monterey.
RAID ON A SALOON
BY TWO MASKED MEN
Empty th.6 Cash Register and Escape
Unscathed When Fired Upon
by a Farmer.
SACRAMENTO, Oct. 31.— Two masked
men entered the saloon of John Morrison,
near the American River bridge, this
evening, and, while x>ne of them covered
the bartender. Hiram Thomas, with a re
volver, the other opened the cash regis
ter and took the contents, $5 99. The rob
ber then went into an inner room and cut
the telephone wires with a knife. Re
turning, he searched the person of the
bartender, obtaining $2 more.
In the meantime one of the employes
of Farmer William Basler, who resides
near by, cam© to the door, saw the rob
bers and ran to his employer's house- and
notified him of the robbery. Basler pro
cured a revolver, went to the saloon, and,
us tho robbers came out. fired three shots
at them, none of which took effect. The
robbers fled toward the city without re
turning his fire, and escaped. •"• >*
This makes the third time that this sa
loon has been robbed. A good description
of the men was obtained and the prob
ability is they will be captured.
ENTEBESTS THE COAST.
Postoffice Changes and List of Pen-
sions Granted.
"WASHINGTON, Oct. 31.— Postofflce
established, Gregory. Shasta County;
James F. Gregory, postmaster.
Marion Lambert ' of Port Townsend,
Washington, has been appointed assist
ant matron of the Colville Indian School
at Washington.
Pensions granted: California— Original
—Charles E. Greenlow, San Francisco, $G;
John H. Maddox, Vallejo, $30; Robert W.
Furbeck, Los Angeles, JO; Thomas K. Mo-
Dowell. Los Angeles. $6; William H.
Young. Westminster, $6; Daniel Klen
borts, San Jose, $S; James D. Starkey.
Clements, $6; Patrick Farrell. Vallejo, 16.
Additional— William B. Atwater, Fresno,
$12. Renewal— James C. Doney, Veterans'
Home, Napa, J13.
Oregon— Original— Andrew J. Palmer,
Newberg, $6. Increase— R. Milo Cooper,
Carus, $14.
Washington— Increase — Howard Ebert,
Ellensburp, $17. War with Spain— Original
—Walter P. Fox. Zillah, $8. ..-.:
ARGUKLEUTS IN ORTEGA CASE.
Attorney Brooks Pleads on Behalf of
the San Jose Pugilist.
BAN JOSE, Oct. 31.— Attorney J. Marion
Brooks made the closing argument to the
Jury In the Ortega case in behalf of de
fendant to-day. He scored the Sheriff's
office and District Attorney for their
method of prosecuting the case. He
sought to raise a euspicion against An
drew Ballesteros, the hired man of the
Gamble family and also argued for an
alibi for Ortega. He said the evidence of
the defense showed Ortega was not in the
vicinity of the crime at the time It was
committed and that the witnesses for the
prosecution were at fault In their Identi
fication.
District Attorney Campbell b«>gan the
closing argument for the prosecution at
3:20. He reviewed the testimony and
brought out the salient points against
Ortega. Judge Lorlgan will charge tho
Jury in the morning and it is expected a
verdict of guilty will be speedily returned.
SACRAMENTO, Oct. 31.— Dr. W. P. Mathews.
secretary of the State Doard of Health, to-day
returned from Tumi, whither he had gone to
Investigate the rumor that smallpox had
broken out on the Indian reservation near that
place. Dr. Mathews found that there was no
smallpox within a hundred miles of Yuma.
Republican Nominee for Congress in the Sixth District Replies to State
ments Made by Ex-Senator White and John W. Mitchell.
LOS ANGELES, Oct. SI.— James Mc-
Lachlan, Republican nominee for Con
gress from the Sixth District, to-day re
plied to the charges made by ex-Senator
White and John W. Mltdhell regarding
Mr. McLachlan's record in Congress in
connection with the San Pedro harbor en
terprise. Mr. McLachlan quoted from his
speech before the Senate Commerce Com
mittee and submitted the following tele
gram:
WASHINGTON, April 27.— The hearing is
progressing 1 favorably and the delegates feel
encouraged. McLachlan' s speech was unequiv
ocal. It was a regular bombshell in Hunting
ton's camp. Covered himself with glory, re
deemed all his pledges la favor of San Pedro.
He has been misjudged.
W. C. PATTERSON.
Then he went on to say:
Mr. Mitchell refers to a telgTam that I sent
to tho Chamber of Commerce at the request of
Blngrer Hermann, at that time a. member of the
Klver and Harbor Committee, representing the
Pacltlo Coast. Mr. Hermann requested me to
Eend that telecram to the Chamber of Com
merce. I did send it at his request to \V. C.
.Patterson, -who was then president of the
Chamber of Commerce. As the telegram itself
Indicates, it was a proposition of Mr. Her
mann's and not mine, and, as the fame tele
gram ulso indicates, I left the whole matter
with Mr. Patterson. I simply acted as the
medium to convey Mr. Hermann's proposition
to U>e Chamber of Commerce of Los Arigeles
and made no recommendation whatever as to
what should or should not be done by the
Chamber of Commerce. As the Representative
of this district I could not refuse to do this act
of courtesy to Mr. Hermann aa a member of
the River and Harbor Committee.
But I am at a loss to understand why Mr.
Mitchell did not also refer to the telegram that
Senator "White sent to the same Chamber of
Commerce during the previous session of Con
gress advising the Chamber of Commerce that
in his Judgment i it was advisable to use all
efforts to secure the improvements of the inside
harbor at San Pedro and the deep sea harbor
at Santa Monica. Senator White did aend such
a telegram, though this fact has, perhaps,
never been published before. The officers of
the Chamber of Commerce promptly destroyed
that telegram and attempted to keep the game
from public notice. The fact remains, how
ever, that Senator "White at that time did
favor the two places. V'it'l%
I have never contended for a moment that I
alone secured that appropriation for Ban Pedro
harbor, but I have contended and do now con
tend that I gave my most loyal and energetlo
efforts while a member of the Fifty-fourth Con
gress to bring about that result. And 1 re
peat that no man has ever pointed to a specific
act or sentence or word or syllable of mine
that was not loyally in support of that great
project. And I also repeat that no man can
point to an act. a sentence, a word or syllable
of mine not in favor of San Pedro. .Every word
that I uttered in Conferees is a matter of public
record, and can be read and known by all men.
And I challenge any one to point to that record
and in the slightest degree Justify the Innuen
does and Insinuations of my detractors.
But the most amusing Incident that occurred
at the pavUion last night was the attempt of
Mr. Mitchell to convey the Impression to the
intelligent voters of this district that Mr.
White deserved the credit for the tjassaee of
the Dingley bill and the benefits that it con
ferred upon the people of the State of Califor
nia. If he had read the official record of the
passage of that bill, he would find that Senator
"White not only voted against it upon Its final
passage, but on the same day he made a speech
denouncing protection In general and adhering
to the time-honored Democratic doctrine of free
trade. He would find further that every Demo
cratic Senator In the United States Senate at
that time voted against the Dingley . blU, with
the exception of Senator McEnerney of Louisi
ana, who voted for the bill to protect the cane
sugar industry of his own Btate. Senator
White had the temerity to claim the credit to
himself for the passage of that bill in hlfc
speech at Fresno. If he Is correctly reported by
the daily press, but he had not the temerity to
claim that here in his own home, where bis
Speechmaking and a Dance.
CORNWALL, Oct. 31.— There was an en
thusiastic Republican rally at Black Dia
mond last night,- attended by a display
of pyrotechnics -and the inevitable bon-
MILL VALLEY'S VAGRANT DUCKS AND
HENS ROUNDED UP BY POUNDMAN
whoop-up of anvils and fireworks and mu
sic. Eugene Deuprey, M. Vermilyea of
Los Angeles and Assembly Candidate
Connolly were the speakers. Congression
al Nominee Farraher was expected from
Eureka, but did not arrive, as the steamer
held a rally her© to-night, with a big
Drift of Public Sentiment Shown at a
Political Meeting.
LODI, Oct. 31.— The Democratic mass
meeting here last night may be taken as
an ' absolute indication of the political
complexion of Northern Sam Joaquin
County. Barnhart's Hall was barely naif
tilled. Four lonely vice presidents sat and
shivered on the platform. The speeches
aroused but little applause and alto
gether the meeting was a frost. A. L.
Cowell of Stockton made the main ad
dress. J. A. Anderson presided. A notice
able feature was the . absence of prom
inent local Democrats.
This gathering implies that this end of
the county will give McKinley and Roose
velt a larger vote than any Republican
nominees have ever received here. The
"full dinner pall" is no Joke in this sec
tion. The people have enjoyed prosperity
and they are not going to exchange a
reality for a theory.
The Democrats have arranged for a
joint debate at Wooubridge next Friday
evening between A. L. Cowell and H. E.
Welch for Bryan and Frank Perrott and
A. A. McClelland for McKinley.
WOODS SPEAKS TO I/TJMBERMEN.
Addresses aa Enthusiastic Gathering
at Truckee.
TRUCKEE, Oct. 81.— The Republicans of
Truckee and vicinity held a big rally hero
to-night to welcome Sam D. Woods, Re
publican nominee for Congress in this dis
trict. Among those who helped swell the
crowd were a brass band from the big
lumber camp at Overton and a score or
more of lumbermen from that place. Mr.
Woods spoke on the issues of the cam
paign and on those of particular Interest
to the voters of his district. When he
finished the entire audience Joined in
three cheers and a tiger.
Mr. Woods has not yet visited Grass
Valley or Nevada City, but the outlook In
Nevada County is that It will give Mc-
Kinley COO or 703 majority and that Woods
will not run behind the ticket.
Barrett Talks at Santa Rosa,
SANTA ROSA, Oct. 31.— The Republican
rally to-night was a rousing one and at
tracted a larger crowd than any other hold
here during this campaign. Early in the
evening anvils boomed and bonfires burn
ed in many parts of the city. The speak
er was Hon. John Barrett of Ohio, Min
ister to Slam under President Cleveland.
Charles H. Adams, chairman of the Re
publican County Central Committee, pre
sided. The Rough Riders' Quartet made
a hit with its campaign songs. Parks'
Santa Rosa Band rendered patriotic airs.
Democratic Oratory at Petaluma.
PETALUMA, Oct. 31.— The Democrats
Special Dispatch to the CalL
flre. Hon. O. N. Rogers, president of the
McKinley and Roosevelt Club, addressed
a large gathering in Junta's Hall. He
first introduced M. B. Ivory of Brentwood,
candidate for the Assembly, who deliv
ered a short address. C. M. Belshaw of
Antioch, candidate for the Senate from
Marin and Contra Costa counties, in a
modest speech won the friendship of all
his hearers. Other Republicans delivered
addresses and afterward the hall was
cleared and tho rally was turned into a
dance, in which partisanship .was not per
mitted to cut a figure.
DEMOCRATIC FROST AT LOBI.
MCLACHLAN ANSWERS CHARGE THAT
HE WAS DISLOYAL TO SAN PEDRO
LOS ANGELES, Oct. 31.— At midnight to-night the citrus season of 1300
will close and the season of 1901 will begin. During the past season 17.821 cars
of citrus fruits were shipped from Southern California, of which about 2000
were lemons. By November 5 the movement of the new crop will have fairly
btgun, and probably 3000 cars will be shipped East for the holiday trade. The
estimates for the coming season vary between 20,000 and 23.00). Eight hun
dred and fifty to 1100 cars of celery will be shipped this season, against 750
'Nearly Eighteen Thousand Carloads Shipped
During the Past Season.
back, and after -withdrawing his plea of
not guilty he entered one of giiilty to the
charge of criminal carelessness.
Melendrez was accused of l^avln? killed
a negrc narmd John Lee at Hedges over
two years ago. A man named Charles
Solomon "had stabbed a man In Hedges,
and Melendrez was one of the pos-*e out
looking for him. He thought he saw him
and called to Lep to stop. When T-ee did
not do so he riddled him with rille hulleta.
He declared that he thought L*>e was
Solomcn and proved a previous good rep
utation.
SAN DIEGO MERCHANTS
DEFBAXJDED BY A CHINESE
Wing Chew Ling and His White Wif 3
Disappear With Borrowed
Money.
SAX DIEGO. Oct. 31 — Thfre Is a scan
dal in Chinatown, and it la all on account
of the sudden departure of Wing Chew
Ling, who got himself notoriously before
the public leas than four months agri by
runnlng away with and marryinK a white
woman named Viola. Krackett. As soon a*
it was known that the Mongolian hail fled
suit was brought against him by another
Chinese, who made affidavit that Chew
Ling had gone to Mexico.
The woman in the ca;«e came here last
summer from San Francisco. Wing gave
her plenty of money, bought her Jewelry
and spent thousand* of dollars on her.
When his money gave out he borrowe.l
from all the other Chinese merchants and
from hla relatives and friends, getting
from $50 to $250 from each. hen he had
v/orked his Chinese friends for about %o»»
he circulated among hl3 friends of the
Caucasian race. Several firms were de
frauded and a banking company wltn
which he did considerable business ha*
an attachment on his place already. He
fled last Saturday night and it la said
"hat he carried $0000 with him. It Is also
said that his white wife followed him,
leaving, last night after dant.
tmXSMCIB. Oct. 31.— On the Oreson over
land for San Francisco to-night J. C. Phillip*
of Flk Horn. Mont., died just before the- train
reached Slsson. He -was on his way to lone.
Cal. Hemorrhaga of the lungs was the cause
of Ha sudden death. His body was left at
Slsson.
SOUTHERN CALIFORNIA'S
CITRUS FRUIT OUTPUT
Man Once Sentenced to Ten Years* 1
Imprisonment Profits by a
New Trial.
SAN DIEGO, Oct. 31.— Eplgmenio Melen
drez was sentenced to a year In San Quen
tin to-day by Judge Fuller. He was tried
for murder two years ago, was found
guilty of manslaughter and sentenced to
ten years in the State prison. He served
two years, and meanwhile his atorneys
were working for a new trial and ob
tained the order from the Supreme Court
only a few weeks ago. He was brought
SHORTENS HIS TERM
BY PLEADING GX7TLTY
tics. Efforts " put forward by the bosses
to control his course proved futile. Mr.
Dunlap took the 'position that he was
sent to the Legislature to represent the
people of the Twenty-fifth District and
to guard, the honor and good name of the
State of California. The splendid record
which he made has commended him to the
voters.
W. S. Reyner, Republican nominee for
the Assembly in the Twenty-sixth Dis
trict. Is an honest and capable man. He
is 51 years of nge. He was born In Mary
land and educated In Iowa. He came to
California in 1876 and for twenty-two
years has been engaged In farming and
dairying. His home is near Lathrop. He
is popular in the district and enjoys a
wide acquaintance throughout the county.
INDICATIONS are that San Joaquin
County will send a solid Republican
delegation' to the Legislature, A. E.
Muenter, who made an excellent rec
ord in the Assembly of 1S99, is the Re
publican nominee for Senator in the Fif
teenth Senatorial District (San Joaquin
County). During the past eleven sessions
of the Legislature B. F. Langford, Dem
ocrat, has represented this district in the
Senate. In this campaign he is not a can
didate for re-election.
Mr. Muenter, the Republican standard
bearer, is popular and capable. He was
born in San Francisco in 1S66. He gradu
ated in the law department. University of
Michigan, in 18S6. ; He was admitted to
practice in the Supreme Court of Michi
gan in 1S87 and in the Supreme Court of
California In 1S88. He was elected to the
Assembly In 1S08 p.s .the representative of
the Twenty-sixth District, receiving a plu
rality of 524.-. His career in, the Legisla
ture was highly commendable. The bosses
early in the session sought to control his
vote, but he firmly asserted his independ
ence and voted on the side of the people.
Mr. Muentcr In engaged in farmi:.g and
stock raising.
F. E. Dunlap is the Republican nominee
for the Assembly in the Twenty-fifth Dis
trict. He carried the district two years
ago by a majority of 811. He was recog
nized as one of the leaders in the Leg
islature. In the long Senatorial strug
gle he was true to the cause of clean poll-
THREE WELL-KNOWN GENTLEMEN FLYING THE COLORS OF THE PARTY OF PROSPERITY WHO ASK AND
WILL RECEIVE FROM THEIR FELLOW CITIZEN'S THE VOTES. NECESSARY TO SEND THEM TO THE AS
SEMBLY TO GUARD THE PEOPLE'S INTERESTS. ¦':;?; '¦, .<¦'. '¦:.¦ '
NABS BURGLAR
AT A WINDOW
OF HIS ROOM
San Josean Releases a Cap
tured Thief Because of
His Pleading.
THEN LEARNS HE WAS ROBBED I
Goes Forth in Quest of the Culprit,
Finds Hini, and. Succeeds in
Landing; Him Behind
Prison Bars.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SAN JOSE. Oct. 31.— Thomas Wilson,
who Is supposed to be responsible for
some of the numerous burglaries and rob
beries lernetrated in this city during th<.
past two weeks, was caught in the act
of looting rooms in the Norwood lodging
house on North First street this morning.
Wilson> had ransacked. a couple of rooms
in the place and left the nouse. but re
turned an hour later to renew the work.
About 4 o'clock this morning \\ ilson
raised a window leading inio the room Oi.
Thomas Toohig. the proprietor of the
place, and abstracted a gold watch ana
chain from a vest on a chair. This awoke
Mrs.- T«ohig, who aroused her husband,
but. hearing no further noise, he remained i
In bed.
In the meantime Wilson entered another
room and obtained a small sum of money.
He then left the place, but returned an
hour later. Toohig's trousers were lying
on a chair near the window and Wilson
evidently came back for these. He raised
the window and thrust his arm in and
as he did so Toohig grabbed him. Toohig
hauled the robber through the window
and after a short but vicious fight sub
dued him. Wilson begged plteously and
Toohig, not knowing his watch had been
stolen, let him go.
A few minutes later he discovered other
rooms had been robbed. He dressed and
started In search of Wilson. The thiii?
was found and pointed out to the polled.
This afternoon Wilson was allowed to
plead guilty to petty larceny and was sen
tenced to six months in the County Jail.
In the meantime the police will dig up
evidence to connect him with other rob
beries.
The residence of Edward Crew at 425
South Fourth street was entered by a
burglar at 3 o'clock this morning. The
man was discovered emptying the pock
ets of Mr. Crew's trousers, but succeeded
In making his escape. It is believed this
was the work of Wilson.
MARE ISLAND'S
ELITE GATHERS
AT A WEDDING
Lieutenant Cutts and Mar
garet Pitts Link Their
Destinies.
SAH FRANCISCO GUESTS PRESEKT
tain Drake.
Belies of Dewey's Battle in Itlanil*
Bay Figure in the Decorations
at the Home of Cap-
Special Dispatch to. The Call.
VALLEJO. Oct. 31.— At the home of
Cs-ptain F. J. Drake. C. 6. N.. In the
Maxe Island navy yard. Lieutenant Rich
ard M. Cutts of the Marine Corps and
Miss Margaret H. Pitts, niece of Captain
Drake, were tnada husband and wife at
2 o'clock this afternoon. The residence
v.as most har.dsecmely decorated for this
happy event, the most- striking feature be
ing the hall stands, which were made
from six S-iseh Spanish shell cases, which
were relics of the Manila battle ajid In
¦which were placed large bunches of yel
low chrysazithesiums.
Promptly at the appointed hour, to -the
strains of a wedding march rendered by
the Independence orchestra, the bride en
tered. She was radiantly attired in a
wedding gown of white chiffon made over
white tatln and were a veil looped back
with a beautiful crescent of pearls. She
¦was attended by Miss Anr-le Miller,
daughter cf Admiral Miller; Miss Aubrey
Lewis. daughter of Dr. Lewis of the Iowa,
and Miss Eleanor Morrow, daughter of
Judg^ Morrow of San Fraacisco. The
bridesmaids wore gowns of yellow and
carried bunches of chrysanthemums of
that color.
They were me: by the groom, attended
by his cousin. Lieutenant Murray Bald
win. (7. S. A... as best man. and his ushers
were Captain 11. C. Davis, Lieutenant H
L. Uoosevelt cf the Marine Corps and
Cgr.stractor J. E. McDonald. L. S. N. The
g-entlemcn of the service wore their lull
dress uniforms.
All of the yurd officers and their families
¦were present, together with many guests
from San Francisco. Including Irving M.
Fcotu John J. \alentlne. Dr. Smith and
Turner Messersmith.
Lieutenant and Mrs. Cutts honeymoon
¦will be of two weeks' duration and will
be spent at Monterey.
EIO VTSTA WEDDING BEIXS.
J. IT. Btish and Miss Stella Westgate
Made Husband and Wife.
RIO VISTA. Oct. SL— At high noon to
£e.y at their residence Mr. en<*. Mrs. E- W.
Westgate gave their daughter Stella to
be the bride of J. N. Rush. Mrs. E. M.
Chase played Lohengrin's wedding march
•while the bride ar.d groom marched In, at
tended by Miss M*xy Allison and J. L.
Ker.seflv as bridesmaid and groomsman.
Tir a partv halted under a beautiful arch
of 'white and green, and here Rev. Charles
Crairt-n conducted the ceremony.
It was as Quiet a home wedding as could
be expected, considering that In one short
hour the groom r-ad gained upward of
forty near relatives, most of whom were
present, besides a number of those whom
fce had formerly claimed.
Mr. and Mrs. Rush will spend a. fete
days Jr. Sar.ta Cruz and then will be at
tone" at their new home in Rio Msta.
Special Dlsriatch to The Calt.
SANTA ROSA. Oct. 31.-At the General
Baptist Convention of Northern and Cen
tral California to-day the Woman's Home
Mission Society occupied the greater por
tion of the time. The forenoon was de
voted to the appointment of committees
and the hearing of the reports of officer*.
Every year the society tries to raise, $1000
to be used in missionary ¦work In Califor
nia, and the treasurer's report shows that
$965 was realized In the last twelvemonth.
A number of short addresses were deliv
ered during the forenoon session.
This afternoon the election of officers
was taken up, all of the present officers
being chosen for another year, except one
vice president. The new administration is
as follows: President. Mrs. N. S. Douglas
of Oakland; first vice president. Sirs.
Featherstone of San Francisco; second
vice president, Mrs. A. B. Banks of Sac
ramento; corresponding secretary, Mrs. L.
A. Johnson of Oakland: auditor, B. C.
W right of San Francisco: treasurer, Mrs.
E. F. Joy of San Fr.-.nctsco.
A letter from . Miss Burdette, sister of
Robert Burdette. encouraging the mem
bers In their work and telling of the simi
lar work being done in Illinois was read.
Miss Barker of Richmond. Va.. gave an
interesting address on "The Freedmen."
Rev. Charles Palm of San Francisco told
of the Swedish missionary work being
done in the California metropolis. Chi
nese missionary work was described by
Miss Ida May Egll of Oakland.
The General Baptist Convention was
railed to order this evening. The first or
der of business was a meeting of the ex
ecutive board. This board elects a general
secretary and State missionary each year
at the opening- of the convention. E. R.
Bennett of Oakland was chosen for the
place. It is not known yet whether he
will accept, as he la not now In attend
ance. A number of matters of minor im
portance were transacted.
Rev E. A. Woods. I>. D-. of San Fran
cisco delivered the annual sermon of the
convention in the First Christian Church,
which is a much larger edifice than the
Baptist Church. Rev. W. L. Gaston, pas
tor of the First Baptist Church of Santa
Rosa, made a formal address of welcome
to the convention and was responded to
by Rev. S. C. Keetch of Oakland. After
this an informal reception was given by
the Santa Rosa church to the visitors in
their church buljdlng.
£. E. Bennett of Oakland the Choice
of the Delegates for Sacretary
and State Mis
sionary.
OPENING OF GENERAL CONVENTION
Baptist Home Mission So
ciety Names Oiiicers
lor the Year.
MRS. BOOGLAS
IS RETAINED
AS PRESIDENT
NOMINEES FOR THE LEGISLATURE
IN THE COUNTY OF SAN JOAQUIN
Indications That a Solid Republican Delegation Will Be Chosen, as
Candidates Are Worthy and Capable Men.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, NOVEMBER 1, 1900.
MILL VALLEY, Oct. 31.— Mill Valley's poundman had an inning to-day. The pound ordinance, with all its unique
conditions, went into effect, with the result that the untagged ducks, chickens, geese and turkeys that wandered the '
streets were rounded up by Pound Master Charles Cline, ably assisted by Constable George McDonald. The captured
fowl were herded into an old barn.
The day was one of excitement in the valley. At first Poundman Cline, having no precedents to go by, was at
a loss as to how to proceed with his duties. He could capture dogs, cows, horses and evenDowd's donkeys, but the
members of the feathered family passed a hard one up to him. After consulting with Town Clerk Louis; Janes he *
bought a duck call and a goose call, such as hunters use. Armed with these, he has proceeded- every morning for the
past week to the outskirts of the town and practiced until at last he mastered the gentle quack of the duck and the
expressive "honk" of the gajider. The defiant challenge of therooster was next added to his repertoire. The inge
nious poundman here found out that by twisting his chin to his shoulder and ; contracting, his throat he could reproduce
the soft, contented "cluck! cluck!" of the street-wandering hen that had .Just found a worm.
At an early hour this morning Poundman Cline came upon" the stage. With four tennis nets carefully sewed to
gether he proceeded to the broad street by the railroad depot, where tagless fowl abound. Here he spread his net on
frail sticks. One side was against a fence, behind which the poundman retired.' Through a knothole under the net
now came a varied assortment of quacks and cackles,* emitted by the poundman/" Simultaneously from roosts ana al
loys thc_turkeys, ducks, chickens, and geese hurried at full. speed to the spot, regardless of the eight-mile an hour ordl
nance, and flocked under, Cllne's net. The net dropped and the birds were prisoners;
Those that were properly tagged were turned loose and the. rest are boarding at Cllne's barn. It will cost their
owners 50 cents per fowl to bring about their release.- '
New License Ordinance Goes Into Effect and the Wandering . Fowl Are
Treacherously Led Into Ambush. %
EOSSLYN ' FERBELL
i'ii'.'i: ATTEMPTS STJTCIDE
Covers, but Is Discovered and
r - ; Resuscitated.,
Tries to Smother Himself With Bed
JIARTSVILLE, Oh.o, Oct. 31. — Rosslyn
H. Ferrell. who was last night found
guilty of murder in the first degree, with
out recommendation to mercy, attempted
to commit suicide in the after part of the
night by smothering himself to death. He
wrapped the bed .clothing tightly about
his head and turned on his face. When
his purpose was discoverel the guards
pulled the clothes off while Ferrell fought
to prevent their removal.
Judge Melhorn has adjourned court un
tirFriday, when he- will' hear arguments
on a motion for a new trial.
News of the verdict was not broken to
the prisoner's mother until this morning.
She collapsed and a physician had to be
summoned.
Miss Costlow, to whom Ferrell was en
gaged to be married at the time he mur
dered Express Messenger Lane, was pros
trated.
Fined for Simple Assault.
PETALUMA. Oct. 31.— Sensational
charges of'assault to kill, brought by Ed
ward Gregg- against Andrew Ducker and
John liOpus, were heard before Justice
King to-day. The case is of considerable
interest because. of the prominence of
those concerned. Gregg and Ducker his
uncle, quarreled. Talk led. to blows
and Ducker was knocked down. He swore
to be revenged and, meeting Gregg on the
road several days later, he and his son
in-law. Lopus, attacked Gregg with .pistol
and knife. Gregg fled. The trial to-day
resulted in the dismissal of Lopus,' while
Ducker was fined ?20 for simple assault.
3
Thousands Have Kidney Trouble
.and Don't Know it.
How To Find Out.
Fill a bottle or common glass with your
water and let it stand twenty-four hours; a
•«—. f sediment or set-
li>*T\J T—r-r* Ci l l' n S indicates an
>ys^n Sr\ JtJ<^~p\ unhealthy condi-
nTn '¦V\&gBttfPP\ iY/ tion of the kid '
W\\rX&/ iy n! y s: ifit stains
7rP- MlTJ2^0-^*T>*^ I y° ur 1-nen it is
aLj^T'^ Cr'-rf^J °r~U ev id =nce of k'd-
jOQ \S / m tZLJfi nc / trouble; too
T^VvL/y F**%*\ frequent desire to
"T "¦ — s— — —— t j, e back is also
convincing proof that the kidneys and blad-
der are out of order.
What to Do.
There is comfort in the knowledge so
often expressed, that Dr. Kilmer's Swamp-
Root, the great kidney remedy fulfills every
wish in curing rheumatism, pain in the
back, kidneys, liver, bladder and every part
of the urinary passage. It corrects inability
to hold water and scalding pain in passing
It, or cad effects following vsc of liquor,
wine or beer, and overcomes that unpleasant
necessity cf being compelled to go often
daring the day, and to git up man/ tirr.es
Curing the night. The mild and the extra-
ordinary effect of Swamp-Root is scon
realized. It stands the highest for its won-
derful cures of the most distressing cases.
If you need a medicine you should have the
best. Sold by druggists in 50c. and$l. sires.
You may have a sample bottle of this
wonderful discovery f\^^~- .,
and a book that tells *rt>n^JS3sSijHi5{S
more about it. both sent ByracSH ffi"_ ; :^?H
absolutely free by mail.
Address Dr. Kilmer Sc hoiw of Swamp-Boot.
Co., Blnghamton, N. Y. When writing men-
tion reading this jjen:rou3 offer in this paper.
DB. KILMEB'S SWAMP BOOT.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
$25 REWARD
We will pay $25 to any one with PILES who
cannot be cured with ONE BOX of VERUS
PILE CURE. Prlc« #.00.
over "000 cures. Xo claimant for reward.
"I am sure mv cafe of r*lles was as bad as
any case could l><?. I had them fifteen yearb
and tried all sorts of mr.edios. . I eaw the
Venn Pile Cure advertised, bounht a box. with
little hope of a cure. Imagine my »urpri»e
•when five applications cured me. It 1b the beet
,n the world. J.j.' MOn RlSOX.
"Salt Lake City.' Utah."
VEBUS PiLE CURE CO.. Room 226, Wilson bile
Or Ellington Drug: Co., Fourth and Spring sta.,
Lo» Anreles. CaL
fttjfP^fr \ judge of cloth, you had
|Js§!gj|j^ better depend upon the re-
liability of the store. In
w^vjf\ . buying a suit here you can
|k *^2 > ) feel safe— your money's
if^^s^ worth or your money back
vdiMiMMBS makes poor clothes an im-
ifififllif MK/fill^ possibility at our store:
/| M I |JS^||I |J\ and furthermore we keep
suits to order
Ml for $^
Bffi$i Hi! I W Pictured here is the
Millr I ll 11 / Strand; the other styles
1 111 'Jill/ are sacks and cutaways. '
I 111 111/ Samples freely given for
Ilifflil fil I ? the asking — large line from
Ma] Bll Ujff which to make your selec-
i'IIH! jfeplll // /ou cannot come in, wriia\
lllilli 1 1 rill i or sam P^ es an( t self-measuring
Vllf'il l^llii/ blank, and with our experience in
iMnl IrSmjb dealing with customers by mail,
v III fililii • y Qu are q u '* 9 surd °^ s ' n 9 t n ° r ~
Cor. Powell and Eddy..
•Xntci?
> . **
i Hie siew
j Special.
'¦ We have a swell
i little Collarette £
| with a Baltic Seal
i ! yoke — the border
1 is of Russian Bear
j and is beautifully \
\ lined throughout
; with satin — special
! *6.50
Each. -v
ffl-&jPostStLOTTIE A. GARRETSON
IS GRANTED FREEDOM
In the Divorce Court.
•Decrees of divorce were granted yester
day to. William "W. Hobron from Mabel F.
Hobron for Infidelity, ¦ and Hannah Sulli
van from Jeremiah Sullivan on the ground
of extreme cruelty. Suits for divorce were
filed yesterday by Lelah Bpaldlng apainst
Henry S. Spalding for failure to provide,
.Agnes Beamlah against George M. Bea
mish for failure to provide', Betsy Koch
man against Michael J. Kochman for de
sertion' and Elizabeth S. Dobson against
..David A. Dobson for desertion."
Joe Banana, a Filipino, met a stranger
named Hana Leutz on Pacific Btreet last
evening and Invited him to have a drink
with him. I>jutz ordered a' drink or
whisky and as he filled the. glass Banana
told him he was no gentleman, drew an
empty revolver and threatened to blow
his head off. Serjreant Donovan placed the
belligerent Fllllplno under arrest. At the
City Prison - he. was charged : -with vag
rancy and disturbing the peace.
Said He Was a Gentleman.
John W. Hoyt, one of the residuary leg
atees, is a brother of Mrs. Hoyt's de
ceased husband. He resides In Cincinnati.
The petition states* that Mrs. Hoyt left
no "relation by blood" and that Mr. Hoyt
Is her only surviving' relative. The will",
which was executed February 19, 1500, In
full, follows:
I, the undersigned, Jennie Hoyt of Ban Fran
cisco, Cal.. do make, publish and declare my
las-'t -will and testament u follows:
First— I hereby revoke and annul any and all
wills heretofore made by me and declare this
to be my only last will and testament.
Second— I hereby will, bequeath and rive unto
my friend. .Mrs.- Annie Ferguson, -wife of ~P. "
F*. Ker^uson. my White Star Laundry In Oak
land. Alameda County. Cal., together with all
the appurtenances and good will of said laun
dry. . ,
Third— I will/ bequeath and rive unto my
friend. Rev. .Thomas Lacey. the sum of $1000,
to be paid him by my executor out of my es
tate. - - . V
Fourth— To ihy friend Mis* Annie Cumback
of Ban Francisco I will, bequeath and give the
corner china closet and oak sideboard in -my
dining-room, together with all my ci\>ckery.
china, glass and silver ware, and also the sum
of 11000, to be paid her In cash by my executor
out of .my estate.
Fifth— To *my friend Mies Laura Q. Denson
I will, bequeath and give the sum of $5000, to
be paid to her by my executor out of my estate,
and also my bedroom furniture and toilet ar
ticles. jj_'\ 'iihiMi HW'a W»"SJH ii'lWlfhWITBH'.. ' ml
Sixth— I will, bequeath and give unto-m'y ex
ecutor hereinafter named the »um "of $1000, or
so- much thereof as may be necessary for the
White Star Laundry, . Oakland. $10,000; stock
In the Ban Francisco White Star Laundry,
about 8000 chares, $10,000; household, furniture,
ornaments, bric-a-brac, etc.,' at the decedent's
residence, corner of- Jackson and Broderlck
streets, (500; jewelry, and money on deposit in
local saving's banks, about $29,000. There is no
The will of the late Mrs. Jennie Hoyt
has been filed for probate and with its
appearance the wonder that followed the
announcement that Mrs. Hoyt had been
lavish In her gifts to certain frtends has
largely ceased, for It Is made »oiown that
Mrs. Hoyt left but one relative, so far as
is known. In all the world, and If Bhe
were to be lavish at all friends naturally
would be the beneficiaries thereof. Louis
C. Mendel, who has been referred to as
a Etorm center about whom a battle for
the fortune of the deceased mitj-ht be
waged, is not named a devisee In the will,
but others whose favors won her friend
ship, among them Attorney S. C. Denson,
are remembered by the deceased.
In the petition accompanying the will
the property belonging to decedent's es
tate, which is valued at $50,000, is enumer
ated as follows: ;
permanent care of my burial lot In Cypress
Lawn Cemetery,
Seventh— I will, bequeath and rive unto my
friend Arthur William of Chicago, 111., th«
sura of flOOO, to b« paid him In cash by my
executor out of the estate.
Eighth— To my friend and le&al adviser, 8.
C. Denson of Ban Francisco, Cal., I will, be
qupath and give in cash out of my estate the
turn of £4000.
Ninth — If any of the legatees above men
tioned shall die before me, then In that event
the legacy- will go .to -the belra at law of such
decedent Iezat«e.
Tenth— I will, bequeath and give unto Mary
(VHara the sum of $5G0. to bs paid her by my.
executor In cash out of my estate.
Eleventh— I hereby nominate and appoint my
friend 8. C. Denson executor of my will, with
out bonds.
Twelfth-^I hereby will, devise, bequeath and
give all the balance and residue of my prop
erty and estate to.be divided In equal shares
between and among my friends John W. Hoyt
and William K. Cumback. And In order to fa
cilitate such division and distribution I hereby
grant and give my executor full power and au
thority to sell and dispose of any of my assets
or property and reduce the same to money. '
In testimony whereof 1, the said testatrix,
hereunto subscribe my name at San Francisco,
Cal.. this 19th day of February. 1900, In the
presence of Oeoree E. Ames and H. B. Den
son, whom I have requested to witness the exe
cution and publication of this my last will. -
JENNIE). HOYT.
The testament will bo proved before
Judge Troutt next week. .; •¦
Testament Filed for Probate Dispels Won
der at Previous Gifts.
WILL OF MRS. JENNIE HOYT
ENRICHES MANY FRIENDS
BEPLLJN. Oct. SL — For some time the
Prussian Government has been vigorous
ly proceeding against anti-German agita
tor* In Prussia's Polish provinces and a
considerable number of Polish editors
have been Imprisoned for such agitation.
Editors Tm prisoned.
GENESEO, 111.. Oct. 31.— One of the
most cold-blooded tragedies . in the his
tory of Henry County was enacted at
Hoopole last night, when a wife shot to
death her husband and coolly sat watch
ing his dying agony, taunting him and
pouring all the hate of an embittered
heart into the ears of the man she had
vowed to love. The story of the murder
wus heard by neighbors from the lips of
the dying man in the presence of the wife
and murderess. William HUger was the
victim. He had an insurance pollejrln
tho order of Modern Woodmen for $2000
payable to his wife. This was the motive
for the crime.
Hilger was lying on a sofa resting,
when his attention was attracted by a
creeping sound. He was alone In the
house with his wife at the time. Turning
hi<* head he caught sight of hia wife with
a revolver in her hand. Before he could
arise she fired, the ball striking himln
the temple. A second bullet struck him
in the neck, and he fell to the floor.
Standing over him the woman fired again
and again, the third and fourth bullets
penetrating Hilger's stomach.
Although fatally wounded the dying
man scrambled to his feet, grasped the-
FILES SUIT FOR
MANY MILLIONS
NEW YORK, Oct. 81.— A special to the
World from Fort Worth, Tex., says: Joel
B. Blair of Bell County to-day sued
twenty-five persons and corporations for
$250,000,000 damages. The amount sought
to be recovered is the largest ever sued
for in Texas. . : J ~~'7 : .^
Mr. Blair alleges that he obtained power
of attorney from the surviving heirs of
Joel D. Blair of McLennan County to
about forty acres ¦ o£ land In "Waco, and
that in order to defeat his rights to this
property the defendants, wrongfully con
spired and "willfully, knowingly and
falsely" charged him with being of un
sound mind. As a result of the proceed
ings so Instituted Mr. Blair alleges he
was committed to the Southwestern In
sane Asylum at San Antonio and kept
there two years and three months. The
plaintiff alleges the defendants have great
vealth and influence and employed the
means stated to defeat the recovery of
the land in Waco, which was worth $500,
000.
Mr. Blair also recites In his petition that
Just before and at the time of the perpe
tration an eligible and reputable young
lady was engaged to be married to him,
but that after he had been declared a
lunatic she broke the engagement and has
ever since refused to marry him; that by
leason of this his life has been made a
curse and that he has been greatly in
jured. He alleges many other wrongs.
Tho defendants named In the petition in
clude the following: -Leman Sansrer, Sam
uel Sanger, E. Rotan. James "I. Moore, W.
"W." Seley, B. M. Worshaxn, superintendent
of the asylum at Austin; W. L.
Burke, Sheriff of McLennan County;
¦VV. -j it. Barker, ex-superintendent of
the Insane Asylum ¦ at •• San An
tonio; T. A. Blair, ex-County At
torney of McLennan County; .Alexander
Sanger, Philip Sanger, Dallas; the Daily
News, the - Gulf, Colorado and Santa Fe
Railroad Company, St. Louis Southwest
ern Railway Company. International and
Great Northern Railway, Texas and Pa
cific Railway Company, the Gould system,
John T. Pope and P. L. Ellis of Bell
i County. : , . • : : , .
body to be delivered to the Golden Gate Un
dertaking Company. The body was taken there
and he said he would have the body at the
house the next morning at 9 o'clock. '
An unpretentious lunch basket which
belonged to the dead girl will form an
Important link In the chain of evidence
against the accused doctor. It was found
in Huntington's office with part of the
contents, which consisted principally of
sandwiches and several slices of cake,
gone. The detectives who are working on
the case say that the finding of the lunch
basket in Huntington's office Is convinc
ing proof that the unfortunate girl went
to his place, intending to spend the day;
that she confidently expected to survive
the operation, and that ehe would be able
to return home before dusk without
arousing the suspicions of her sister.- They
also believe that Huntington told her that
the operation was harmless and that she
could rejoin her sister immediately after
It had been performed.
To-day the inquest will be held and the
police expect that a verdict will be ren
dered against Huntington.
murderess and after a struggle disarmed
her, after which he fell exhausted from
loss of blood. Gasping for breath, ho
begged his wife to send for medical aid
or at least call neighbors, but ehe laughed
at his prayers. Seating herself in a chair
Mrs. Hilger taunted him with sins of
omission and commission and said she
had long determined to kill him, but this
was the first opportunity she had to
carry out her purpose.
For fully an hour she sat gloating over
the groans of her victim, taunting him
with the fact that she had long since
ceased to care for him and that the sight
oi his agony was the greatest pleasure
she had experienced since first she became
his wife. As the murderess thus sat
taunting her dying husband neighbors
passing the house heard the groans and
cries and forced an entrance. Hilger told
the story and his wife confessed that it
was true. Hilger died before doctors
could reach him.
I was In the house when Drs. Hunting-ton and
Hill told Mrs. McCottrey about the death of
Jennie. Fhe waa extremely put out and Dr.
Hill told me to quiet her firet and then they
told her. and also that they had worked two or
throe hours to try to eave her when she col
lapsed. Dr. Huntingdon then mr-ie the ap
pointmert for 10 o'clock that night for the
I Introduced Jennie to Dr. Huntingdon. She
went to Heald's Business College and was' with
me a treat deal, and almost every evening I
U8e4 to dictate to her and ehe at times would
take charge of the office for me when I went
out. I took as much Interest in her as though
Fh«> -were my own daughter. I noticed the at
tachment for Dr. Huntingdon and she ex
pressed her attachment for him several time*
to me, but he never told me of his attachment
for the girl.
Dr. Huntington was always attentive to
my elster and I had every confidence In
him."
Mrs. McCottrey was accompanied by
Robert Davis of the College of Physicians
and Burgeons. It was through him that
Huntington became acquainted with Miss
McKown. To the head of the detective
department Davis said:
"I asked Dr. Hill to be seated and he
told me that Dr. Huntington had some
thing to tell me. Huntington was perfect
ly white and I asked him if anything had
happened to Jennie. I knew that some
thing was wrong and I asked, 'Is Jennie
Fick or Is she dead?' At first he would
not answer, but afterward nodded his
head and eald that she was dead. He told
me that he had made arrangements with
her to come to his office on that Saturday
afternoon and he would operate on her.
I asked him how it was that- he did not
&£k my permission, knowing that 1 was
a professional nurse, and told him that I
thought It very strange. He paid that be
ing a physician he could not disclose what
ehe had told him. He stated that she had
<3Ie>6 from the effects of the chloroform
and I asked him If he was very eure that
Mrs. McCottrer. "and I knew nothing of
what had happened until Dra. Hill and
Huntington o&me home and told me that
my sister was dead. I thought she had
gone to the matlnea that afternoon and
had no Iflea that she had gone to Dr.
Hunting-ton's office.
SHOOTS HER HUSBAND AND
LAUGHS AT HIS GROANS
Wife Commits Murder to. Secure a Few Dollars of
Insurance Money.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
-BERLIN, Oct. 31.— In "spite of the defin
ite statements In the German papers. that
Emperor William will visit Queen Vic
toria there is the very best reason for
believing that he will not do so. •
Ahigh court official; said to-day to the
correspondent of the Associated • Press
that there ¦ was no special occasion for
such a visit and that, the Kaiser's en
gagements for the near future would pre
vent it.
Court Official Says : Kaiser's Engage
ments Will Not Permit of Such
- a Course. " *
EMPEROR WILLIAM WILL
; NOT VISIT THE QUEEN
Contractors Guarantee That She Will
Be the Fastest Ship in
the World.
. NEW YORK, Oct. 31.— Charles L. Flint's'
Arrow, under contract to be the fastest
ship', ever designed, was launched to-day
at Myers' shipyard at Nyack, N. Y. She
has been built under a guarantee by her
designer of forty-two mfies an hour, and
It Is expected that under pressure she will
be able to make fifty.
It has been generally given out that she
was constructed as a yacht for Mr. Flint's
personal use, but rumors have been per
sistent that she was built under contract
with one of the South American Govern
ments for service as a torpedo boat.' Her
Jilans. so far as they have been made pub
ic, show her to be fully equipped for tor
pedo service. . .
-. The Arrow will go In tow to Newark, N.
J7, where . her shafting and engines will
be put In. Her destination after she Is
fitted out at Newark has not been an
nounced. %££BSJeHMaW>HBBI •¦
CHARLES L. FLINT'S
ARROW IS LAUNCHED
dits Killed in Pennsylvania,
• CONNELLSVILLE, Pa,, Oct. 31.— The
Inquest Into the death of Paymaster Wil
ford N. Holster of the Southwest Con
nellsville Coke Company and the two ban
dits who were killed In an attempted
highway robbery near Alverton last even
ing was opened this morning in Mount
Pleasant by the Coroner of Westmorland
County. Harry W. Burgess, the colored
man who accompanied Holster and who
shot two of the bandits, killing one, was
the principal witness. He repeated, the
story of the hold-up as it had been pub
lished. He said that he waa sorry that he
had slain Bokln, the leader of the gang,
but that he had shot In defense of himself
and Holster.
The verdict was that Wllford L. Holster
came to his death by bullet wounds in
flicted from revolvers in the hands of Va
sll Nikolow and Tvodjuzov Bokln, and
that John P. Opovlch and Vasll D. Iek-
Itch, alias Sava Jovinov, were accessories
before the fact, aiding and abetting.
Burgess was quietly Informed by the
Coroner that he might go. He will have
a trial, however, before the Grand Jury
In the Westmoreland County Court. Bur
gess was everywhere looked upon as a
hero to-day. ; : -w !
Inquest Held Upon Bodies of Pay
masters Holster and the Two Ban-
BURGESS LOOKED
UPON" AS A HERO
Is Done. ,
CARACAS. Venezuela, Oct. 31.— Further
details regarding the earthquake of Mon
day' last show that San Casiario Cua and
Charallano were entirely destroyed. ' An
Islet situated at the mouth of the Neveri
River has disappeared. At Tacarlgua,
Brochico and Curiepe the damage done
was considerable. There are many dead
and Injured.. Railroad and telephonic
service between Caramaro and Rio Chlco
is Interrupted. Railroad service between
La Guayara and Caracas was resumed
this morning.
' JACKSONVILLE, Fla., Oct. 31.— Eight
distinct earthquake 6hocks were felt In
Jacksonville to-day. The first shock was
at 11:15 o'clock a. m. and shook some of
the large buildings In the city. At 11:25
another shock equally as severe was felt,
and they continued at fifteen-minute In
tervals .until 12:30 o'clock.
At 4:03 this afternoon the seventh shock
was felt, followed several seconds later by
a xeport and several shocks, the severest
of the day. The last disturbance made the
windows rattle In several sections of the
city.
There was no disturbance In the water
nor were the Bhocks severe enough to
cause any damage.
Number of Temblors Felt in Jackson
ville, but No Serious Damage 4
ISLAND SINKS AFTER
EARTHQUAKE SHOCK
MRS. LOTTIE A. GARRETSON
was granted a divorce yester
day from Frederick W. Garret
son, the San Diego capitalist,
on the ground of extreme cru
elty. When the case was called for hear
ing by Judge Bahrs yesterday an amend
ed complaint, in which the majority of
sensational charges heretofore published
were eliminated, was. filed by Bishop &
Wheeler, who represented the plaintiff.
Attorney Oscar A. Trippet, who repre
sented Mr. Garretson, Interposed a gen
eral demurrer to the complaint. It was
overruled by the court, Mr. Trippet re
fused to answer and plaintiff was called
Mrs. Garretson testified that she had
been residing In this city for several
months, having been forced to leave her
husband by reason of hl» cruelty. She
said that he was in the habit of abusing
and cursing her, and once, on July 20 last,
he made an attempt to choke her to death.
Her brother, John H. Curtis, Interfered,
she said, and saved her from at least seri
ous injury-
Mr. Curtis waa called to the stand to
corroborate Mrs. Garret3on's allegation?,
which ho did. Garretson, he said, had an
ungovernable temper and frequently
cursed and abused his wife. In addition to
the asrault named.
Judge B,ahrs ordered a decree issued In
accordance with- Mrs. Garretson's prayer.
The property rights of the litigants were
settled out of court, Mrs. Garretson, her
attorney said, receiving 1 half of her former
husband's $100,000 estate.
MRS. BELLE McCOTTRET. THE BISTER OF JENNIE McKOWN. VTitO YESTERDAY DECLARED TO CAPTAIN
SEYMOUR THAT DR. HUMIKGTOX WAS RESPONSIBLE FOR THE CONDITION OF HER UNFORTUNATE
RELATIVE. SHE ASKS THAT HE BE PROSECUTED.
MRS. LOTTIE. A. GARRETSON, WHO HAS BEEN "GRANTED A DIVORCE
FROM THE WELL-KNOWN SAN DIEGO CAPITALIST ON THE
GROUND OF EXTREME CRUELTY.
there was nothing wrong. rie said 'no.'
I took his word for it and said to him:
'The public will think wrong of my sister
If It is known that an operaion has been
performed,' and 1 told him to say to
every one that I -was with her when she
died and had given my permission to hare
the operation performed.
"I wanted to protect my sister and I
had such confidence In Dr. Huntington
that I believed him and thought there was
nothing wrons, and that she had died
from the effects of chloroform. So I ex
acteo. the promise from him to say that I
was there when she died. If I had known
what I do now 1 never- would have done
so. The first time I knew there was any
thing wrong was after- the autopsy. Dr.
Huntington told me then. I asked him
if they could hold him for murder and ho
said he did not think they could. He said
he could tell me nothing at that time and
I knew nothing of my sister's condition
until I was told by< a roporter. I told the
reporter he lied, for I could not believe It.
My sistpr never kept anything from mo
and I thought it was simply paper talk.
Mrs. McCottrey stated to Captain Sey
mour that ehe had known Dr. If untington
for about two years. Dr. Huntington
kept company with her Fister and had
taken her out very often. She knew that
her eletjer xvas in love •with him, but did
not know whether they were engaged to
be married or not. She had no other gen
tleman friend and never went any place
with any one else.
1 "I did not go to the doctor's office," said
Hunting-ton from the effects o£
chloroform, yesterday visited police head
quarters and made a complete statement
of her Bister's attachment for the medical
man. To Captain of Detectives Seymour
Mrs. McCottrey declared that she was
satisSed that Huntington, who Is still
confined In tho City Prison, bail being re
fused him, was responsible for her sis-
MRS. BELLE McCOTTREY, the
Bister of Jennie McKown, the
unfortunate young woman who
died In the office of Dr. R. A.
Says He Was the Cause of the Girl's Condition.
Asked Her to Keep Her Death From the Public.
The Neill and Tremble fight, while in
teresting enough, was free from excite
ment and palpitations. Xeill did a., the
leading. Tremble playing the derensive
game from start to finish. When the last
round had come and gone both fighters
were in good physical condition. Neill
spemed too chary of taking any chances
and Tremble gave the impression of being
(satisfied with the full possession of his
mental faculties and an upright position
at the end of the fight.
For ten rounds both men fought very
cautiously. Tremble, whose ring experi
ence is most limited, showed a coolness
and self composure that kept Noill from
forcing matters. Neill found it difficult to
land effective blows or. Tremble, and
rather than mix with a mind to end the
fight In knockout fashion, worked for a
decision. The last round was a bit of
the fast and mildly furious order. Neill
was the aggressor throughout. Tremble's
performance was creditable, his counter
ing and avoidance of punishment at times
showing a skillful eye and a good head.
The only damage done was the inflicting
of a cut behind Nelll's left ear, which hap
pened in the ninth round, when Tremble
crossed his opponent -with a stiff right.
Eddie Toy and Toby Irwin put up what
was a pretty but not very exciting con
test. For nine rounds there was a bal
lance of honors. The tenth showed a hot
ter, stlffer gait. Toy went at his antagon
ist like a whirlwind. From a minute of
flst-ml-xings Toy evolved with a deep gash
over his right eye, the result of stiff lefts
that Irwin let- loose. When the . gong
pounded Irwin was ashade or two hap
pier in complexion and physical compo
sure. Jack Welch, who referced all three
contests, pronounced ims fight a draw.
All three decisions were eminently just
and fair.
Ten rounds of measurably scientific
fighting between Irwin and Toy resulting
in a draw; fifteen rounds of a whirlwind
of fisticuffs between Lewis and Thurston
In a victory" for the latter by a decision,
and twenty rounds of tame, cautious,
careful fighting between Al Neill and Ben
Tremble", which resulted in a decision for
the former, was the card presented last
nl&ht by the Columbia Athletic Club at
Woodward's Pavilion. The house was
packed to the doors and the flstic enter
tainment was of so varied a nature as to
; satisfy all classes of enthusiasts over
matters pugilistic. •
The advertised event of the evening,
Neill vs. Tremble, was not the event of
the evening. The fifteen-round bout with
Thurston and Lewis a6 the star duelists,
sandwiched In between the opening and
closing fights, was easily the evening s
best morsel. How Thurston ever kepfup
the pace which he set at the beginning
and how Lewis lasted the full limit will
long be a mystery. Such a cyclonic ex
hibition has not been seen in San Fran
cisco for many a day. So little science
was displayed by Thurston that even a
microscope would be insufficient to detect
it. Strength and a 'spirit of willingness
he had in superabundance. Lewis, the
colored fighter, had more of skill, but less
of physique, and victory followed the
wild, unbridled use of muscle. This was
the third fight Lewis and Thurston have
had. ,'
Thurston Wins From Lewis in Hot
Fisticuffs — Irwin and Toy
Fight a Ten-Round
Draw.
Al Neill Earns Decision Over
Ben Tremble of Los
Angeles.
ALL THE FIGHTS
GO FULL LIMIT
SISTER OF DEAD JENNIE MCKOWN
FIRMLY ACCUSES DR. HUNTINGTON
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, NOVEMBER 1, 190O.
MADRID, Oct. 31.— It Is officially admit
ted that the Carllst band In the vicinity
of Berga numbers SOO men. Troops are
closely pursuing them. Communication
1/tween Berga and Barcelona has been
severed.
Another numrrous band has appeared
at Flsrols. It ha3 sixteen horses and U
divided into three groups.
The gendarmes searched the country
house of Senor Torres Baros, brother-in
law of the Duke of Solferin. who has dis
appeared, where they seized several rifles.
al?o obtained possession of documents,
giving the names of 1256 Carllst chiefs and
600 Carllst soldiers.
Papers and stamps bearing the Inscrip
tion. "The Royal Army of Catalonia,'*
have been seized.
It is said that the revolution wag timed
for the fir3t night in November. The con •
splrators. In three group?, were to attacx
simultaneously the municipal council, th>
civil Government and the captain gen
eral.
The Minister of War says that the num
ber of Carllsts In Catalonia will not reach
the figure announced by the Minister of
the Interior, who asserted that there wer»
80O Carllsts In the vicinity of Bergau.
The resignation of the prefect of Barce
lona will probably be accepted.
Gendarmes Search House of Senor
Torres Baros, Seizing Aims and
a Number of Important
Documents.
Eight Hundred Revolution
ists in the Vicinity
of Berga.
TROOPS PURSUE
CARLIST BAND
San Diego Capitalist's Wife Proves
Her Charges of Cruelty.
4
ADVERTISEMENTS.
AT>V K^'PTCT'-TW~FT7Tc>
Connected by a covered passageway »n<t
operated under one man*icement on th9
American and European plan.
The best evidence of the popularity of
these hotels can fce found In the continued
patronage of those who on some previous
occasion have made them their head-
quarters when visiting San Francisco.
PALACE AND
GRAND HOTELS
MSOwe'SS^. Successor to Dr. L.AI PO TAI.
w| «& graduate of Canton Medical
HH^r^^ college, after a very sucefss-
K^ M practice of many years !n
jE&fk *^ China, has located In San
Bf X i) Francisco. Tha zurprtsing and
OB\ y marvelous cures effected by
tu^i'^f y\ bis nerbs demonstrate their
-JfitnLfin* - P^« nce and h '» «l«tll. Thes*
|fflmEAJ& herbs cure over 400 dl^rent
rtSfiSPfaS*" dispases. Including; Bright' *
wmtmitiT* Disease. Diabetes. Consump-
tion. Asthma. Paralysis.
Brain. Nerve. Cancers. Tumors. Blood. Mal»
and Female Maladies. All persons afflict? 1
with any kind of malady whatsoever ara in-
vlted to call. Office. 727 Washington st Offlc*
hours — 9 a. m. to 12 «., 1 to 9 p. m. : Sundays.
Id «. m. to 1! m, Accept grateful thaiks for
effecting a cur* of asthma of several years"
standing. A. PARLEY. San Rafael
.Bootblacks may not (Jo business in Bos-
ton on Sunday.
Mrs. Ella Gardner, of Waterview, Middlesex
Co..Va-. write* : "My little daughter is enjoying
t pleodid health, I am glad I fonnd a doctor
wbo could care ray child. Whenever »he firels
badly J give her Dr. Pierce'* Golden Medical
Discovery and she is soon ell right. 6he took
twelve bottles of the 'Golden Medical Discov.
erv,' eight bottle* of • PeUeU' and one bottle of
ofDr. Sage'a Catarrh Remedy and «he is well.
We thani: God for your medicine."
? Dr. Pierce's Common .Sense Medical
Adviser; in paper covers, is sent free on
receipt of 21 one-cent stamps to pay
expense of mailing only.. Address X)r.
R. V. Pierce, Buffalo, N. Y. .
Accept no substitute for « Golden Med-
ical Discovery." There is nothing * just
as good " for diseases of the 6tomach and
other organs of digestion and nutrition.
Dr. Pierce's Golden Medical Discovery
contains neither alcohol nor narcotics.
Have "eyes bigger than their stomachs,"
according to an old saying. They over-
eat themselves, and are tempted by all
sorts of injurious and indigestible edi-
bles. As a consequence the foundation
of 6erlous stomach trouble is often laid
in childhood.
For children with "weak" digestion .or
whose stomachs are diseased. Doctor
Pierce'6 Golden Medical Discovery may
be confidently recommended. It cures
diseases of the 6tomach and other organs
of digestion and nutrition, so that the
nourishment contained in food is per-
fectly assimilated and the puny child is
built up by food into a condition ' of
robust health.
Dropsy
starting in the feet "or ankles
comes from a weak or diseased
heart-r-a heart that cannot keep
up the circulation. The blood
then settles in the lower limbs
where the watery portions ooze
out into surrounding ' tissues
causing bloat and . swelling.
The fieart must be strengthened
and built up before" the dropsy
can be cured to stay; and the
best of all heart medicines is
Dr. Miles' Heart Cure. .
"I had* palpitation, 6hortn»s9
of breath, pain in heart, swelling
of feet and ankles, hungrv spells
and was confined to my bed and
easy chair. A few bottles of Dr.
Miles' Heart Cure mide me wclL"
Mrs. O. Osborne, Clyde, O.
Dr. Miles'
Heart Cure
gives new strength to the heart,
regulates the- circulation, stimu-
lates the digestion and . restores
health. Sold by druggists on
a guarantee.
Dr. Miles Medical Co.", Elkhart, Ini
New York Dsntal Parlors,
723 Market Street.
SAN FRANCISCO.
MAIN OFFICE PORTLAND. Or.
BRANCH SEATTLE. WASH.
NoMore Dread of the Dental Chair
TEETH EXTRACTED AND FILLED AB-
SOLUTELY WITHOUT PAIN, by our late sci-
entific method applied to the gums. No Bleep-
producing azent or cocaine.
These are the only dental parlors In Fan-
Francisco having .. PATENTED APPLIANCES
and Ingredients to extract, fill and apply sold
crowns and porcelain crowns undetectable from
natural teeth, and warranted for ten years.
WITHOUT THE LEAST PAIN. Full set of
teath. $5; » perfect fit guaranUed cr no pay-
Gold crowns. *5. Gold fillings. SI. Silver ftll-
Inss. 50c. All work done by GRADUATE DEN-
TISTS of from 12 to 29 years' experience, and
each department in charge of a specialist. Give
us a call, and you wilt find us to do exactly as
we advertise. We will tell you In advance ex-
actly what your work will cost by a FREE EX-
AMINATION.
fcdigestbn and Too Hearty Eating. A per-
fect reenkdy far Dizziness, Nausea, Drowsi-
ness, Bad Taste la the Mouth, Coated Tongue
Pain in the Side, TORPID LIVER. They
Regulate the Bowels* Purely Vegetable. ,
Small Pin. Small Dose*
\ 8ma!! Price.* 1 '
Idttle Pills.
Tbey also r*lkve Distress from Djspepsfis,
i-cestval? cored by Cheso
At a meeting of the Board of Directors of tha
Pacific Coast Jockey Club, held on the lith
inst.. it was unanimously resolved that on ana
after the lith day of November next a fee o-
two dollars ($2.00) per month shall be chare-d
for each box-stall used at the lngle«<da Ra'-e
Track, the proceed, to be used for fne main!
tenance of the race track.
Sg-gg P- H. OR3BN, Secretary.
NOTICE !
DR. MEYERS J|9^
Specialists M
Disease and weak- \ori. I Xe^t I
ness of men. Es- f .|
tablished 1SS1. Con-« W1(h
BUltation free. TV«DtB«*i l^TsS
781 Market bL J^T^^M?
(elevator entrance). /OVSv^sL
San Francisco,
¦ * jwlj *fr *i I 1 ~" I Tl # 1 m I t5j
# SHs'C r- ' v * - ""T^>s^^ rit
BB BflBD 4 H^m ** WO .**.
ADVEETISSJIENTS.Miss Helena Dohovan Becomes the
] Wife of Thomas B. Murphy.
POPULAR YOUNG PERSONS
ARE JOINED IN WEDLOCK
Terms for Promotions^
BERLIN. Oct. SI.— The Relchsaraeiger
publishes to-day the uniform terms on
which alone hereafter promotions to tried
leal doctorate can be obtained la Qermaa-
DUBLIN, Oct.' 31.— Avondale, the estate
of. the late Charles Stewart Parnell. was
sold at auction to-day by the Land Judges
Court The purchaser was Mr.' Boyland,
a friend of Mr. John Howard Parnell,
brother of the famous Irish statesman.
Parnell' Estate Sold.
NCW YORK, Oct. 31.— This afternoon
Charles F. Jones, who is confined in tho
Tombs charged with . forgery . in connec
tion with the will, of -Millionaire William
A. Rice, was taken from his cell to the
District Attorney's office, where he was
closeted with Assistant District Attorney
Osborne, Captain McCluskey of the de
tective bureau. Counsel Baker for the
Rice estate and a number of persons.
It was rumored about the courthouse
that Jones had made a confession. One
of the chief reasons for the understand
ing that a confession had been made was
that Jones had had a talk during the
morning with Mr. Osborne, Captain Mc-
Cluskey a*id a few lawyers, which lasted
'Another reason for the belief that
something startling had happened in the
District Attorney's office was that Cap
tain McCluskey sent detectives to the
Rice house to get the blotting paper on
the writing desks throughout the house
so as to compare the ink with that used
in the checks. .•%,-.
Prisoner at a Long Confer
¦':¦ ence in District Attor
ney's Office
JONES SAID TO
HAVE CONFESSED
Not a single body had up to 10 o'clock
to-night been found in the ruins, though
what looked like parts of bodies have
been dug up. It begins to look as if what
remains are In the mass of debris, which
still cumbers . the place, will be totally
unrecognizable even »aould the workmen
find them. This is because of the tre
mendous heat cansed by the explosion
and the fire and the fusing of materials
which, running together, form a mass of
all sorts of stuff. For instance what was
supposed to be parts of bodies taken
from the ruins last night turned out on
examination at the morgue to be black
ened pieces of melted gum arable 'Again,
to-day^ another mass which was found
which the workmen tirst thought to be
human flesh is now- thought to be
melted rubber. The searchers have found
in the ruins of the Home Made Hotel
a number of articles such, as books a
handkerchief, a cigar holder, etc. but
whether their owners escaped or not is
unknown. ,
The authorities are pushing the investi
gation into the amount of explosives
stored In the building with a view to
prosecutions. Along this line Secretary
Doherty of the Fir© Department said to-
NEW ,TORK, Oct. 31.— A revision made
to-night of those persons missing and
thought to have perished in the explosion
and fire at Tarr,ant & Co.'s drujr store
shows twenty-six unaccounted for. Of
this number four are not known at the
addresses given by the persons reporting
them as missing. Out of the whole num
ber eight are put down by the police as
employes of Tarrant & Co.
No Bodies Yet Recovered
Prom the Ruins in
New York.
TWENTY-SIX ARE
STILL MISSING
Wife of a Petaluma Brewer Attempts
to End. Her Life.
PETALUMA. Oct. 31.— Mrs. O. Sousa.
wife of a well-known Portuguese brewer,
swallowed the contents of a vial of car
bolic add at 8 o'clock this evening with
suicidal Intent. She probably will die.
Two weeks ago her husband Instituted a
suit for divorce, alleging: waywardness on
her part. The suit was dismissed this
week and the husband vainly sought &
reconciliation.
War Occasions Uproar.
PARIS, Oct. SL— The Municipal Council
had a stormy session to-day in consc*
quenee of a motion made by M. Colly to
name certain streets in Paris after Blan
qul. Elourens and other heroes o? tha
sle?e during the Franco-Prussian war.
M. Colly declared that the honor was
due tiiem "in recognition of their efforts
to save Parts from the shameful capitu
lation prepared by General Trochu."
Hla proposal aroused a perfect pande
monium, which the President of tho
Council was unabl© to quell. The Social
ists rose en masse and shook their fists
In the faces of the Nationalists.
M. Rendl offered a reolutlon protesting
against a proposition tending to "awaken
civil discord and glorify crimes agralrut
the country." Finally quiet was restored
and M. Colly's motion was carried.
SWALLOWS CARBOLIC ACID.
Proposition to Name Paris Streets
After Heroes of Franco-Prussian
STORMY SESSION" OP
MUNICIPAL COTJlTCrX
BUDAPEST. Oct. 31.— A stormy debate
occurred In the lower house of the Hun
garian Parliament on Archduke Ferdi
nand renouncing claim to the Hungarian
throne in behalf of the issue of his mor
ganatic marriage. Emperor Francis Jo
seph had Insisted upen the right of Coun
tess Chotek to become Queen of Hnnrary
and the Premier, Joloman Szell, had de
clared that this was impossible.
Immediately there arose a tremendous
tumult with deafening: cries of "She shall
be Queen." -'.¦>• —
¦When quiet was restored the Premier
expressed the greatest respect for the
wife of Archduke Ferdinand, but ex
plained that it was impossible to alter the
law of succession. Thia explanation ha
followed with a strong appeal to tha
chamber to pass the bill confirming the
renunciation.
Premier Szell Declares It Is Impossi
ble for Countess Chctek to
Become Queen.'
EXCITED DEBATE IN"
HTTNGABIAN PARLIAMENT
Hsrr Ledebour Elected.
BERLIN, Oct. 31.— The election of a
member of the Reichstag to fill the va
cancy caused by the death of Dr. WjI
helm* Liebknecht, the socialist leader, who
died August 6 last, has resulted in Herr
Ledebour. Socialist, receiving 53.S32 votes
out of a total of 65.832. which is 5000 Ies3
than Dr. liebknecht received.
MR. AXD MRS. THOMAS B.
MURPHY. WHO WERE MAR
RIED YESTERDAY.
establishment In this city Is known from
one end of the country to the other.
Mr. and Mrs. Murphy will spend their
honeymoon in the southern part of the
State, returning after a week's time to
their cozy little flat at 314 "Waller street,
which has been sumptuously furnished for
their future home.
Many beautiful and costly wedding 1 pres
ents were received. Mrs. Murphy received
from her former employers sev-^aj hand
some tokens of the esteem In which she
was held.
/•¦': « PRETTY wedding was celebrated
yesterday at Sacred Heart
. SJk .Church when Father Ilusrh La-
M \ gan joined in the holy bonds of
Patrimony Thomas B. Murphy
and Miss Helena Donovan. The ceremony
was performed at 6 p. m. The bride was
given away by her brother, James B. Don
ovan, arid her sister. Miss Marie Donovan,
was bridesmaid. The brother of the
grroom, James B. : Murphy, a prominent
resident of San Jose, was best man.
From the church the wedding party re
paired to the house f the bride's mother,
where a weddlnp supper was served. In
timate friends of the couple were present
and the evening was spent in wishing the
bride and groom success in lifo.
The bride is the daughter/ of Mrs. Dr.
Donovan of 649 Hayes street', and Is a
beautiful and charming girl. She has
been employed for years in the Emporium
as stenographer and has hosts of friends
in this city. .
Thomas B. Murphy, tho groom, has a
national reputation as a horseshoer. He
has caTed for the hoofs of many or the
greatest trotters in tho country and his
The Democratic r>arty Is opposed to violence,
but at tho ?ame time I f<»el v.-aj-ranted In »!*3-|nB
that the Democrats fully Intend to reap thfj
fruits of their victory. If intimidation Is at
tempted at the polls or fraudulent counting
tried by election judges there will b* Demo
crate in the vicinity reariy to take Just such
action as may be neees-yary tr> »t°P 't-
Thf-re will be neithor intimidation at the
polls ballot box stuffing nor fradul'nt count
irg this year. If either Is attempted it will
be stopped there and then. And If any one
e<?ts hurt in this urocess of prevention 1 hope
It will not be the honest man who Is doing
hi? duty fairly and well. Th» Democrats have
made an honest campaign. We have appealed
to the heads and hearts of th? American i>eo-
I-'.e. We have wen the fight, and, by heaven,
we will not be defrauded out of our victory
by the chicanery of election Judge*. If our
Republican friends will be honest there will
be no trouble, but Intimidation at the polls or
attempted diehonesty in the counts will b» met
by f-uch methods as may be necessary and en
tirely effective*.
I do not Fee anything; wrong; with that sug
gestion. Senator Hill eujrsested a. baseball bat
as being peculiarly appropriate to render jus
tice to a eorruitt election Judice. In my own
opinion the best way is for Democrats to be
at the polls when they are opened and to re
main there In good, strong: relays until the
count Is completed. - It should be the duty of
these Democrats to watch the judges and the
count and to see to it that no fraud Is com
mitted, and If 8ny fraud is attempted to stop
it then and there.
CHICAGO. Oct. 31.— Senator Jones,
chairman of the Democratic National
Committee, speaking of Croker's sugges
tion that Democratic voters congregate
about the polling; places on the evening
of election dav. count noses and then If
the election returns for Bryan do not tally
with their count, go into the polling places
and throw those fellows in charge of the
returns into the street, said:
Indorses Croker's Counsel to
Raid Polls on Election
JONES IS ALSO
FOR VIOLENCE
LONDON. Oct. 31.— Tod Sloan will sail
for the United States ngxt Tuesday. He
contends he has been used as- a scape
goat.
Sloan Is Dissatisfied.
LONDON. Oct. 31.— At the New Good
win Club, London, last evening, "Billy"
Gordon of Boston beat Charlie Tlllle of
London in the fifth round.
Gordon Wins.
I Ore and a sixteenth miles — Strangest won 1
Chauncey Fisher second. Myth third. Time,
One mile— False Lead won. Macatosa second.
Brown Vail third. Time, 1:48.-
Five and a half furlongs— Divonne won.
Pirate s Queen second, Ida V third. Time
1:13 1-5.
Seven furlongs— Pirate J won. Jim Oore II
eeoond. Scarlet Lily third. Time, 1:34 3-5.
One mile — Oxnard won, Sam Lazarus Esa
eeoond, Dick Kurber third. Time, 1:47 4.3.
Five and a half furlongs— Robert Waddell
won. Benckhart second, Al Brown third. Time,
CHICAGO, Oct. 31.— The Lakeside fea
ture to-day was the meeting of Robert
Waddell, Benckart and Al Brown. It
proved a heavy betting affair, with Wad
dell the favorite at 6 to 5. Waddell won
easily by four lengths. Benckart finished
second by six lengths. Results:
One mile and seventy yards— St. Finnan won,
Dan Cupid tecond, McLeod of Dare third. Time,
1:48.
Five and a half furlongs — Chucanunda won
Lady of the Valley second, Svcet Tooth third.
Time, 1:09.
8elling, one and a sixteenth miles— Belle of
Orleans won. The Chamberlain second.- Boroueh
third. Time, 1:49»£. ...
About six furlongs — Glennellle -won. Relna
second, Katherlna third. Time, 1:12.
Yonkers handicap, one and a sixteenth miles—
Jam<?« won. King Bramble second, Duoro
third. Time, 1:48U.
Selling, about six furlongs— Elfin Conie won
Federalist second, Monmouth Boy third. Time,
NEW YORK. Oct. 31.— The weather was
cold ajid track slow at Empire City to
day. The Yonkers handicap at one and a
slxicenth miles was the feature. Duoro
was made favorite, but James, at 8 to 1
won handily from King ! Bramble, with
the favorite third. Results: ¦
ST. LOUIS. Oct. 31.— Get away day at
Kinloch Park was ushered in with a driv
ing 1 rainstorm, which madts the track a
sea of sticky mud, and ushered out with
one of the most sensational incidents
known to the turf in this country. The
card was one of the very best offered by
the association, and four favorites and
two outsiders turned up as the winners.
As the field in the last race was rounding
the far turn spectators in the grand stand
were startled to see the smoke of four
shots arise from a cornfield Just beyond
the course. Almost immediately after
ward Go Out and Gulderock were Been to
fall, throwing Jockeys Bassln&er and
Kane far over their horses' heads. Cries
of "The horses are shot!" "The jockeys
are shot!" went up from hundreds of
throats and a ru?h was made In the direc
tion of the turn. It v,-a.s found upon In
vestigation that the shots had not been
fired at the horses and riders, but that
the spill was due to them there is no
doubt. Bassinger said after the occur
rence that Go Out swerved upon hearing
the reports and collided with Guh'erock.
The Jockeys were badly shaken up, but
had no bones broken. Gulderock came out
of the collision unscathed, but Go Out
sustained a broken shoulder. It was said
in some quarters that the shots had been
fired to accelerate the speed of Domsle,
one/of the first choices, but this could rot
be confirmed. President Joseph D. Lucas
said the matter would be thoroughly sift
ed and the guilty parties punished. At
tendance large and betting heavy. He
suits;
Six furlongs. Belling— Tom Kinssley won,
Masgte Davis second, Diana Fonso third. Tim 3 .
1:1?.
Six furlongs— Bummer won. Prank Bell sec
ond. Gold Or third. Time, 1:1"H.
F"lve and a half furlonjcs — Orleans won Echo
Dale second, Glenbow third. Time, 1:11%
Seven furlongs, selling — Watercrest won
Percy R second, Easter Card third. Time, 1 :34.
One mile, selling— Orajiesg won. Gaston sec
ond. Nandoi-a third. Time, I"i48.
One mil* and seventy yards — Felix Bard won,
Dornsle second. Alice Turner third. Time.
CINCINNATI. Oct. 31.-The talent suf
fered a severe defeat to-day by the down
fall of five favorites at Latonia. Sarilla
came home on the bit in the mile and a
quarter race at odds of 15 to 1. Weather
fine; track fast. Results:
Six furlonss, selling— The Geeser won, Poor
landn second. Rice third. Time. l:15Vi.
Five and a half furlongs — Portwlne won. Clo
rlta second. Our Lady third. Time, l:0Stt.
One mllo, selling— Branch von, Ebergart sec
ond. Winter third. Time. 1:41%.
One and a quarter miles. Eelllng— Sarilla won,
Zazel second. Louisville Belle third. Time. 2:08.
Five furlongs— Jim Winn won. Ed Adack sec
ond. Warranted third. Time, l:01H-
Six and a half furlon&s, selling— Elsie Barnes
won, Earl Fonso second, Dr. Black third. Time,
1:23. : r
Shots Are Fired From a
Cornfield and Two Horses
EXCITING FINISH
AT KINLOCH PARK
Lord Salisbury apparently arranged
matters with the Queen at Balmoral a
week ago. His own Inclination was to re
sign the Premiership and devote hlmselt
exclusively to the Foreign Office. He
wrote her Majesty to this effect, but she
declined to accept the suggestions. Loril
Salisbury, therefore, went to Balmoral to
discuss the question, with the result that
the Queen carried her point.
Public anxiety is to some extent relieved
by the prospect that Salisbury's experi
ence will still be available to direct the
bread lines of policy of the prospective
Foreign Minister.
If the Daily Telegraph's announcement
had been a mere feeler to ascertain the
temper of the public toward Lord Lans
downe's appointment, he would certainly
never become Minister of Foreign Affairs;
but. although the appointment to the sec
retaryship has not yet been officially con
firmed. It is accepted on all sides as a.
settled thing.
The Standard says It has learned that
Lord Selbourne. Under Secretary of Stato
for the Colonle*. and William St. John
Broderick. Under Secretary of State for
Foreign Affairs, will enter the Cabinet,
and that Charles Thompson Ritchie
president of the Board of Trade, will be
given a higher post.
LONDON. Oct. 31.-The Marquis of
Lansdowne'3 elevation to the Foreign Sec
retaryship, according to the announce
ments in the newspapers this morning,
has, figuratively speaking, taken the coun
try's breath away. It was as unexpected
as It Is unwelcome. Even the staunches*
ministerial mouthpieces among the after
noon newspaper^ openly denounce It. Tho
Globe declares the appointment or.ly
shows Lord Salisbury is completely out
of touch with the feelings and wishes of
the electorate and the Conservative party,
while the Liberal Westminster Gazette,
croaking over the discomfiture of thj
ministerial newspapers which have been
so loudly demanding the retirement of
Lord Lanadowne. express relief at the
fact that Joseph Chamberlain was not
given the post.
Much Adverse Criticism
Regarding His Appoint
ment.
LANSDOWNE FAR
FROM POPULAR
OP. CAMEROX of 723 Golden
Gate avenue, while In Golden
Gate Park yesterday forenoon
• picking mushrooms, stumbled
upon the dead body of a man
at a point 100 yards south of the south
drive, opposite Sixteenth avenue. The
body lay on the left side and there was a
bullet wound In the right temple. A cheap
revolver with one of the chambers empty
was gripped in the rlpht hand of the
corpse. Tho man had been dead a day or
A search of the clothing at the Morgue
The dead man was between 30 and 40
years old, five feet nine Inches tall, of
medium build, weighing about 150 pounds;
brown ha!r, gray eyes, straight well
shaped nose, reddish mustache and promi
nent front upper teeth. He wore a brown
check coat and vest, light check trousers,
lace tan shoes and black derby hat. The
hands are not those of a laboring man.
failed to bring to light anything that
would establish the Identity of the dead
man. A small hand-satchel lay near tho
body, but it contained only some socks, a
bottle of balsam of fir, a box of quinine
pills and other minor articles.
UXIDENTIFIED MAN WHOSE BODY WAS FOUND IN GOLDEN GATE
PARK BY O. P. CAMERON OF 723 GOLDEN GATE AVENUE WITH A
BULLET THROUGH THE HEAD.
The first train for the park Sunday
morning will leave Third and Townsend
.streets at 9:15 o'clock. ¦ «?^^*'
The draw for the 12S-dog open stake to
be run at Union Park Saturday and Sun
day was held last night at Pythian Castle.
The management announces that owing
to a scarcity of hares there will be no
coursing- at Union Park to-day. ¦
The draw for the Saturday and Sut.
day event resulted as follows: • ..
J. H. \V. Muller's Cruiser vs. J. P. Thrift's
Brutus; J. Chambille's Hot Foctvs. Sterl &
Knewles' Sleety Mist; J. Morlarity'a Jimmie
Anthony vs. G. Irfnnon's Half Moon; II. F.
Andersnn'B Crawford Braes vs. E. Geary's Ire
land; Russell & Allen's Wedding Bells vs.
Curtis & Sons' McKinley; R. E. de B. Lopez's
Dairy Maid vs. W. Creamer's Onward; R. E.
de B. Lopez's Wombat vs. Captain Clarkson's
Golden Garter; J. Maher's Emma M vs. H.
Lynch's Game Cock; J. Smith's Master Work
man vs. J. P. Thrift's St. Michael; Lowe &
Thompson's St. Oran vs. E. Geary's Bonnie
Pasha; H. Lynch's Lyddite vs. Pasha Kennels'
Random Aim; Chlarlnl Bros." Santonin vs. P.
J. Rellly's Royal Union; F. Schou's King's
Borderer ve. J. 1 Keenan's Lundin Links; Curtis
& Sons' Kibosh vs. P. J. Olmo's Cora Pearl;
J. Sheridan's Forest King vs. G. Parkinson's
Ben Lomond; J. Sutton's Mayflower vs. J. Seg
grercon's Gold Hill; J. Morlarity'e Klttleman vs.
AV. I>. Murphy's Crawford Lass; D. . Toland's
Pleasant Girl vs.' Captain Cane's Miss Penman;
Curtis & Sons' Peyche vs. F. Jones' Harlean
Gladys; P. Reilly's Lady Gramard vs. P. J.
Uellly's Honesty: C. Bonar's Wild Xorah vs.
R. McCarthy's John .Doe; J. Hurley's Hurricane
vs. O. Zahl's Miss Nelson; E. M. Kellogg's
Iowa Maid vs. J. Hurley's Shylock Boy; E.
Geary's Palo Alto vs. F. Schou's Lady Glen
kirk; L. F. Bartels' Best Barrain vs. George
Sharman's Black Flush: F. A. McComb'a The
Exile vb. Connell Bros.' St. Helen; Lande &
Gerbcr's Concord vs. George Sharman's Miss
Skyrocket; R. B. de B. Lopez' Crawford Rex
vs. O. Sharman's Chicago Boy; Pasha Kennels'
Rollicking Airs vs. T. Doyle's Nora Lawrence,
R. E. de B. Lopez' Warrigro vs. T. J. Cronln's
Vixen: J. Chambille's Julius Caesar vs. V.
Doyle's Liberator: Russell & Allen's Spiteful
vs. R. L. Taylor's Beauty Spot; T. J. Cronln's
Dairy Dale vs. E. M. Kcllogg's Ben's Babe;
Aeneid Kennels' Aeneas vs. A. Buker's Kan
aka.; Erskine & Jones' Lavender vs. Sterl &
Knowles' Frosty Morn; Pasha Kennels' Rest
Assured vs. Georce Sharman's Bowery Boy;
J. L. Ross' Doris vs. T. J. eronin's Vandal;
H. A. Deckelman's Snapshot vs. J. Moriarity's
Snapper Garrison; J. P. Thrift's Forget vs.
F. A. McComb's Little Sister; Sterl & Knowles'
Olita vs. Lowe & Thompson's Prince Hal: R.
L Taylor's Mose vs. Matjer & Reid's Bad Boy;
Curtis & Sons' Echo vs. P. J. ReiUy's Moon
bright; J. P. Thrift's ¦ Tyrone Prince vs. T. J.
Cronln's Wild TrMce; Lande & Gerber's Rlenzl
vs. Aeneid Kenr.els' Flying Faster; Jamea
Dean/s Gailatit v«- Aeneid Kennels' Achilles;
B Silver's Reannex vs. P. J. Rellly's Warship:
R. E. de B. Lopez's Sweetness vs. Lowe &
Thompson's Flora McDonald; E. ¦ M. Kellogg's
Iowa Boy vs. O. Zahl's Miss Allen; Curtis &
Sons' Cavalier vs. Curtis & Sons' Narcissus;
Pasha Kennels' Gold Nugget vs. Erwln &
Lyons' Silver Lyon: F. Jones' Lovina vs. Lande
& Gerber's Mount Ida; S. Handy's Twjn City
Girl vs. T. W. Bartels' Mac's Melody; Russell
& Allen's First Foot vs. Pasha Kennels' Metal
lic; George Nethf rcott s Floodgate vs. Russell
& Allen's ScoUand Yet; H. A. Deckelman'a
Lawrence vs. J. Sheridan s Forest Queen;
Paaha Kennels' Round About vs. Curtis &
Sons' Shadow; E. & R. Scott's Lord Byron vs.
P Rellly's Master Mat; R. B. de B. Lopez's
Sara ve. Pasha Kennels' Roman Athlete;
Pasha Kennels' Reve d'Amour vs. J. Keenan's
SIclsh Bells; J. Hurley's O K Capitol vs.-J.
L Ross' J L R: Curtis & Sons' Cash vs. Pasha
Kennels' Royal Anne; George Whitney's
Theron vs. H: A. Deckelman's Rocker; Cap
tain Cane's Victor Queen vs. J. Burke' s Night
Time; Russell & Aliens Strayaway vs. E. M.
KelloE-R's Sweet Emma.
Sunday — No Coursing
To-Day.
Big Event Is Billed for Saturday and
FAST DOGS ARE ENTEBED ; : V
'in union park f stake
Union Coursing: Park: Midweek reserve stake,
first round— P. J. Olmo's Cora Pearl beat "Wil
liam Number's Limber Twli?, 22-2: T. Doyle's
Nora Lawrence b^at F. Schou's King's Bor
derer, 3-0: E. & R. Scott's Lord Byron beat J.
Carroll's Auckland. 4-3; P. M. Clarkson's Head
water beat F. A. McComb's Frosty Morn. 9-7;
J. Mooney's Silent Treasure beat Curtis &
Sons" Rcslnante. 3-2; L,. F. Bartels' -vBeer:
Brewer t*it J. McKnroe's Admiral Sampson,
6-1; J. F. Hurley's O. K. Capitol beat P. Mc-
Cabe's Mellow, 3-1; Erskine & Jones' Lavender
beat J. Byrnes' Muster Bly. 8-1; F. C. Mack's
Delia M bfat J. H. Perieo's Lady Davenport.
8-1; J. ¦ McNeil's Black Hawk bsat J. J. V.'arren'st
"Wicklow Witch, 5-2; G^o. Sharman's Bowery Boy
beat P. Moore's Thorndale. 14-2; Pasha Ken
nels' R<-st Assured beat A. Johnson's Tod '
Sloan, i-0: H. Lynch's Lyddite boat Curtis i
Sons" McKinley. 4-3: Connell Bros. 1 St.^ Helen
beat P. C. BHck's May Lawrence, 5-2; Pasha
Kennels' Random- Aim beat R. E; de B. Lo
pez's i^weetnesF, 5-0; George Nethercott's Fiood
jrate beat J. Pegg-ereon's Gold Hill. 7-4: Con-!
nell Bros.' Mamie Pleasant Deat P.V A. Mc-
Comb's Tht- Exile, 5-0; Aeneld Kennels' Flying;
Faster beat AV. D. Murphy's Highlands, 6-6; P.
StelnhofTs Veto beat W. L. Steven's Bermuda,
11-9; Pasha KennelB* Reve d'Amour beat Sterl
& Knowlcs' B!«e Mist. 5-2; M. Dunlea's Erin
beat H. I^ynrh's Game Cock, 6-0: Russell, Allen
& Wilson's Belle Claire beat O. Zahl's Ml«
Wilson, 5-1; Aenold Kennels' Aenea* beat I>.
Dillon's ?nowdror», 8-0; F. Jones' Levlna beat
J. Burke's Xlght Time. 4-0; C. Bonar's Wild
N'orah beat S. Garner's 1'ncle Xed. 10-0; R. K.
de B. Lopez's Werlbee beat Lande & Gerber's
Concord, 2-1; Maher & Reid's Slncleton beat
Muller & McCarthy's Brentwood Belle. 18-0:
Chlarlnl Bros.' Brass Button beat Maher &
Reid's Xellle Bawn. 3-0; W. D. Murphy's
Crawford I^isk beat Muller & McCarthy's El
lery Girl. 34-2; T. W. Bartels' Betsy Barrow
beat I. Daly's Alice Morgan, 4-0; Erwln &
Lyons' Silver Winss beat H. F. Anderson's
Crawford Braes. 6-1; Georsre Parkinson's -Ben
Lomond beat Pasha Kennels' May. Ilempstead.
3-2. ¦¦ - \ t . - . . . ¦ ¦ .: ':¦':;¦' : . ..*¦¦,¦• ; : i .,.-'
Second round— Nora Lawrence '¦ beat '•¦¦" Cora
Pearl. 2-0; Headwater beat Lord. Byron,: 3-0;
Beer Brewer beat Silent Treasure, 10-7; Laven
der beat O K Capitol. 8-1; Delia M beat Black
Hawk, 3-O; Rest Assured b<»at Bowery Boy. 2-0t
St. Helen be B t Lyddite. 3-2; Floodsate beat
Randcm Aim, 6-0; Mamie Pleasant beat Flying
Faster, S-0; Reve d'Amour beat I 'Veto, . 4-0;
I2rln beat Belle Clnlre, 3-1; Lovina beat Aeneas,
3-2; Wild Xorah beat W<ribee. 18-0; Brass But
ton ln?at Sln^l-ton, 5-4; Betsy Burrow: beat
Crawford Laes, 10-6; Silver Wings . teat Ben
Lomond. 7-2. :.:¦:...
Third round— Nora Lawrence beat Headwater,
10-7' Lavender beat Beer Brewer. 4-1:- Bowery
Boy beat Delia M. 8-1; Floodgate beat St..
Helen. S-l; Mamie Pleasant b»at Reve d" Amour,
13-5; Erin beat Lovina, 5-2; flraes Button bent
Wild Ncrah, 11-5; Sliver Wings beat Betsy
Barrow, 4-0. . • • . : : ¦ ; ¦ : .-:
Fourth round— Lavender beat Nora: Lawrence;
16-2: Flooiieate beat Bowery Boy. 10-1: Enn
tx»at Mamie Pleasant. 7-1; Silver Wings' beat
Brssa Button, 4-0. '¦''.""¦:.'•'.'¦'.''
Fifth round— Floodgate beat Lavender, : 4-3;
Silver Wines beat Erin. 22-5. :.:-j'.-v •:.
Deciding course — Floodgate won by default.
Silver Winss withdrawn. ; .' ,.•:'-. '¦ •:
Lavender made a good showing and al
lowed but few points to be scored against
her throughout the stake. She went out
to the winner in the fifth, losing by a
single point. Erin, too, got well down on
the card, and until he met Silver Wings
beat bis opponents on short scores. In
the, third round he led and beat Lovina,
with odds of 5 to 2 against him.
A dozen other short ends landed as fol
lows: Nora Lawrence led and beat King's
Borderer at 5 to 3, and at 6 to 1 Lord By
ron did likewise to Auckland. Delia M
against Xora Lawrence at 3 to 1, Rest As
sured against Tod Sloan at 5 to 3, Lyddite
against McKinley at 4 to 1 and Brass But
ton at 2 to 1 against Nellie Bawn beat fa
vorites. Nora Lawrence led and beat Cora
Pearl at 5 to 3 and outworked Headwater
at 5 to 2. Bowery Boy at 5 to 3 boat Rest
assured, Reve d'Amour at 3 to 1 beat Veto
pointless and Brass Button at 5 to 3 out
worked Singleton and then at 10 to 1 beat
Wild Norah. Owing to a scarcity of hares
the stoke advertised for to-day has been
declared off.
The day's results, with Judge John
Grace's official scores, follow:
George Nethercott's young hound Flood
gate won first money In the midweek
reserve stake at Union Park 'yesterday.;
Erwln & Lyons' Silver Wings wits placed
to contest with Floodgate for final honors,
but In the course with Erin in the: fifth
round was given such a severe contest in
her struggle for the flag that she -was
withdrawn. >
Floodgate had the speed over: anything
in the stake and would have beaten Silver
Wings probably if the deciding course had
been run, though the latter had compara
tively easy going up to the semi-final.
Short Ends Make a Fair Showing in
Midweek Stake at Union
Park— iTo-Dajr's Event
.' -¦ Declared Oft. > - '
Silver Wings Has a Hard
Course in Semi-Final
and Is Drawn.
FAST FLOODGATE
WINS BY DEFAULT
PUTS AN END TO HIS
LIFE WITH A BULLET
Body of an Unknown Man Found
in Golden Gate Park.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, NOVEMBER 1, 1900.
5
03. CROSSMAN'S SPECIFIC MIXTURE
Fcr the cure of GONOKRHOEA, GLEETS.
ETRICTURKS and aaalaeou* complaint* or tns
Urcau of Generation.
I'ric* « * bottle. For ult by drugy*»t».
There are sixty-two miles of tunnels in
the fortified rocks of Gibraltar. .
v '-'¦:.' • ¦».
M. C. Sloss Is honest, able and ener-
getic. If elected Superior Judge, his edu-
cation and character will. enable htm to
fill the oftlce with credit to himself and
.iiuior to the communltyt . • •
The qualities required of our Judges are
honesty, ability and firmness. M. C.
SloeB Is one of the strongest candidates
before the people this year, because he
possesses these qualities to a marked de-
gree. •
Mrs. Jerome Ellison' of Wheeling, W.
Va., writes: I suffered from catarrh near-
ly my whole life and last winter my two
children also suffered from catarrhal
colds and sore throat so much they were
out of school a large portion of the win-
ter. My brother who was cured of ca-
tarrhal deafness by using 8tuarfs Ca-
tarrh Tablets rrged me to try them bo
much that I did so. and am truly thank-
ful for what they have done for myself
and my children. I always keep a box
of the tablets in the house and at the
first appearance of a cold or sore throat
we nip it in the bud and catarrh Is no
longer a household affliction with us.
Full ifzed packages of Stuart's Catarrh
Tablets ' are sold for fifty cents at all
drucxlBtS.
Throughout a sreat nation of eighty
million it is a desperate struggle to se-
cure even a recognition for a new article,
to say nothing of achieving popular fa-
vor and yet within one year Stuart s Ca-
tarrh Tablets, the new catarrh cure, has
met with such success that to-day it can
be found in every drug store throughout
the United States and Canada.
To be sure, a large amount of adver-
tising was ' necessary in the first instance
to bring the remedy to the attention of
the public, but every one familiar with
the subject knows that advertising alone
never made any article permanently suc-
cessful. It must have In addition abso-
lute, undeniable merit, and this the new
catarrh cure certainly possesses in a
marked degree.
Physicians who formerly depended upon
inhalers, sprays and local washes or oint-
ments now use Stuart's Catarrh Tablets
because, as one of the most prominent
stated, these tablets contain in pleasant,
convenient form all the really efficient ca-
tarrh remedies, such as red gum, Guaacol,
Eucalyptol and Sangulnaria.
They contain no cocaine nor opiate and
are given to little children with entire
eafety and benefit.
Dr. J. J. Re; tiger of Covlngton, Ky..
says: "I suffered from catarrh in my head
and throat every fall, with stoppage of
the nose and irritation in the throat af-
fecting my voice and often extending to
the stomach, causing catarrh of the stom-
ach. I bought a fifty-cent package of Stu-
art's Catarrh Tablets at my druggist's,
carried them in my pocket and used them
faithfully, and the way in which they
cleared my head and throat was certainly
remarkable. I had no catarrh last winter
and spring and consider myself entirely
free from any catarrhal trouble."
A New Catarrh Cure Secures National
Popularity in I>ess'Than One Year.
REWARD OF MERIT.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Office 1OO4- Market Street
Telephone-South 42O.
UNITED STATES LAUNDRY
Oakland Office— 62 San Pablo Ave.
WHICH WAY WILL THE CAT JUMP ?
Is the burning question that interest*
both political parties Just now; but the
question that interests the man who
•wants his linen done up with that snowy
•whiteness and exquisite beauty of finish
that will only satisfy the man of refined
taste is where he will find the best laun-
dry in town to do it. The majority of
voters In San Francisco will vote that it
Is at the United States Laundry.
"Xo saw edses."
F T.. r«ecember «. 1SS9— Dr. VTonj Him. 115-
::7 Mason st.. S. F.. Cal.— Dear Sir: J="or the
benefit of ethers I -arish to make a statement of
my case, which wns h^art trouhle. After tr»-at-
iri with fix eminent physicians my case was
j-t-otiou rn^ed incurable. Hoaring- of Dr. VTone
Him end his wonderful curw. I decided to try
hl5 herb treatment. He did all he claimed, and
after treating six months I am row well and
EtnOC. Yours, respect'ul'yy.
MR?. RAIII/IW, 1&2T MiPFion ft.. B. F.
PINOLE. June ZS. 1S*>. — I take this means of
expreESlng my thanks to Dr. Won* Him. 115-
117 Mason street. Pan Francisco, for having
cured me of kidney, womb trouble and cancer
of the stomach. I wa« a rreat sufferer for 15
vears and found no t>erir.anent relief until I
tried Dr. Wong Him and in six months' time
he has cured me Any person wishing m» to
certify this can find me.
MRS. GEOROE BETZ.
Pinole. Contra Costa County. Cal.
SAN FHANCISCO. Oct.
/J**jS3*rm (. :&00.— To whom It may
concern: This f» tr> cwtlfy
Wg> that DP.. WONG HIM of
VpSzXZ: J 115-117 Maron Btrwt. Ban
+ ' ,* t f Francisco, has cured me
"ST-tt*^ f of kldner trouble and
iSK^i»~/ rheumatism and I am
|f JpHC<'»~ A,^ heppy to make this statr-
y^S^C/j \>^^V^ tn^nt. «? I flrri the Doctor
?wr \3^ M-I "' of x "' i ' word a "^ *n
"**^i-4v\An- fcor.orabl* man In all his
dfalin*s. DR. C. A. GAY, Dentist, 9o2 Second
ave.. Seattle. "Wash.
TO THE PUBLIC
J. S. POTTS OIL LAND AXD DEVEIA5P-
J.!ENT CO.. all located In the Sunset District,
Kerr. County.
Do your business through a Govern-
ment Licensed Broker.
There are fortunes being made in
California oil stocks. Why not make
yours ?
There are some stocks that are better
than others. We are willing to post
you.
Write for Market Letter.
James R. T. Alershon,
Oil Land and Stockbroker, rooms 537-
538-539 Parrott Building:. S. F.. Cal.
Trcmcter of the MONARCH OIL COMPANT
rf Arlioca. the LION OIL CO. of Arizona,
OIL INVESTORS,
BEWARE !
| The Cafe. fffifF FAiPAE^illU Photographs. $
{£ Breakfast— 8 a. m. to 11 a. m. jg| I S fTi ¦ wk %0 B^, fl fl J KffiH A tand30mel 7 famished anc £
K Lunch — 11 a. m. to 3 p. m. ?B| 8™"^ Aiwi perfectly equipped Photo Stadio •*
K Afternoon Tea— 3 p. m. to 6 p. m. ™ Oofafd^llDtlllG BftZAAr* *3 on second floor takes firat-clasa Jc
J Open Saturday evenings until 10:3). CAUFORNIA'S LAROEST-AMERICA'S GRANDEST STORE Cabinets for $1.50 per dozen. •*
J Letter-Writing Tablets. 75c Black Taffeta 43c. J
K Knickerbocker Letter- Writing Tab!et3, ruled or plain, extra Another important Silk Stie to-day (Thursday); abont 630 yards S
K heavy satin finished paper, 90 sheets — special to- mg» fm of 19-inch Black Swi33 Taffeta; a soft, Iti3troos, good-waaring J
g day only... • • »©C silk; excellent for shirt waists, llaiasp, rufflings, underskirts, j{
If . V:V." etc., the kind that retails regularly for 75c per yard j.n*i*
IT — — —to-day only ............ J
I These Berry Sets 43c. — > . * *
S ; --ttspt ¦'•" Fine imitation cut glass Berry Sets of 7 pieces, ¦ **Mna* U nffO 1Slr> «
tfScllili* that wonid be cheap at 75c a set; 93 set3 —^ Em€MUMtS9 nUtSU MfCm £
H 'lEssSS. offered for Thursday only, per set .- Ladies' 40-gange Maco Cotton Hose, warranted fast black, Jt
* Igggggg) _ ~ ~ IT '- double heel and sole, plain or droo stitched, worth at * — «J
}• EitantelWare Sale. least 2)c per pair-for this day only I **C 'I
J£ /^^^^^^^^^» To-day only, three ptaple and best ; .*
i> Eiz js of Sauce and Milk Pan?, our regular -J
tf 'W$$$8$>Mw ! high giade quality, chamical.ly pure and BOVS* NCCtl- %
K $'^{£$11^' ac 'd P ro °f> convex style, co/ered and ** ia^^, - •**
fe ' : '_ •'... s -' long-handle saucepans: ] WG3i* .7 Cm Wz*
* ~ 6-quart size, regularly Too mmy Boys' Scarfs on j^^% \ $
S ¦¦ 60c— to-day.. 33O han(J> To dwa n? thft jfc*rj[ &§K> '5
I ( I^~^\I _ "rplns, we place on eale J
Jf MW JM •±M[ * hSy 27c^-Tp a e n ciar^ 50c Teck and Puff Scarfs, 5
tf day fSo In light, medium and dark TOSI^tL^ '%
# effects.nudeof good quality jgsa^yigff^ - X
K _ _ . _ silks, at the Tery _" .- ' IQ3^ "5
$ Dresser Covers 5Oc. Bpecla i prlC e, each 17c |
$ Openwork Lace Toiet or Dresser Covers, size 18x54 inches, . %
U with ruffl d edjes. and lined in pink, blue, gold, ni!e orhelio- * J*
K trope shades, with the pin enshion mat to match; would make CiMSlttSon TVlfftA 1H '#• *5
$ a very pretty holiday gift— 18 dozen offered at spe- - n^ UUVUM UMM i ftps I*£ 2 U. .%
J? cial sa e to-day only, each OUG The be3t Cushion Top bargain we>a offered yet, 20 inches
fif square, all colors, a larga line of patterns, woflh at 9 t \
*? " least 20c each— 238 of them on special'sale to-day- MSc s C j«
J Sheet Music 10c. BA^Z^ZTF^ThZ in~ \
* An assorted lot of Sheet Masis. about 200 copies, but only one fOmpaOOUr UOtttDS IC/C. J
af copy of each piece; mmic that we sell regularly at 25c — ha'f 120 dozen Ladies' Shell Pompadour Comb], size 8 to 10 inchas, a «J
S the publishir'd price — on special sale to-day, per *m%- good, hsayy, well-fiaished comb, worth double to-day's ~g* 'J
S copv .• .". JUG special price — each MUG "<t
£ ¦ " •*
Excellent vaJue. Her. 2Se/
Dustpan f;ri*X™ ""* "" 20c
Cour.try orders receive prompt attention.
with Irish dulse.
Scrub Brush SS&^S!^ 15c
Best Tainrlco.
Dustpan Brush 25c
Reg. JOc Cured in olive oil and smoked
beauty to the hair or beard.
Smoked Boneless Herring, large tin 12^
Colgate's or Violet's. Lends luster and
ozAlse sauce for salads, etc.
Brillantine 25c bot
R«S. 20c
Salad Dressing 25c bot
Durkee'e. Rec SOe. A delicious may-
Assorted. Reg. 60c Finest condiment
of East India.
Citron, Orange and Lemon Feel 15c Ib
Colrato's. 12 cakes ta box. Reg. €0o.
Chutneys qt bot 50c
"Home made." Reg. 60c. Raspberry.
Strawberry, Pineapple, Lemon. Grena-
dine, etc.
Turkish Bath Soap 50c box
SPECIAL REDUCTIONS
THURSDAY-FRIDAY-SATURDAY.
"Crown" Port and Sherry bot 25c
ner. BOc bot. Everybody C K r ,» c 01
know* this to be the great- 0 UU«S v>l
«"¥t value of sweet wines sold anywhere.
Quality as of old.
Asparagus Tips mi tin
El Capltan. Re». 15o. Thl» season**.
Dried Pears I2*c Ib
In half e»cc». Re*. JOc Excellent Qual-
ity— note the reduction.
Fruit Syrups 40c Qt bot
Latest European and Eastern designs
In Cake. Puddle*- and Jelly Molds;
Chafin* DlFhes, latest patterns; Five
O'clock Teas in brass and nickel; Nickel
Bathroom eurplies.
TELEPHONE GRANT 33.
222-224 SUTTER ST.
THE EMPORIUM.
THE EMPORIUM.
THE EMPOBHTM.
Weekly Call,$1.00 per Year
ADVERTISEMENTS.
RUPTURE CURED.
TThen we e»y "rupture cured" we mean It.
fcr It !« a fact that during the put _2O >ears
DR. PIERCET6 MAGNETIC ELASTIC TRUSS
ha« CUREIi thousands of cases. Nothing else
Mte it. West retainer made. It does the work.
Inve*ti E at* for yournelf. ETCall Wr Book .-
l«>t Xo. V or send 2 cent» >n »t*inps. Ad-
'magnetic elastic truss co.,
«2O Market Street. Ran Francisco,
Or II4S Broadway. Xew York City.THE TROUBLES OF ROBERTS.
The old Fatherland has been completely
transformed in the course of twenty years
by the industrial movement. It is a new
Germany, pulsating with activity and in-
THE NEW GERMANY
WASHINGTON, Oct. 31.— M, Levy and
wife. A. M. Roehrig and T. P. Roehrig
of San Francisco, and D. M. Huntlngton
and wife of Oakland are at the Metropoli
tan. Alex G. Hawes of San Francisco is
at the Shoreham. T. D. Sturgis and wife
and J. R. Sturgis of California are at
the St. James.
From Los Angeles— Dr. H. Harris is at
the St. Denis; H. Mackinnon Is at the
Union Square; R. E. Ross is at the Im
perial. : , ¦;•;,-.' - ' :
CALIFORNIANS IN WASHINGTON
NEW YORK, Oct. 31.— The following
Callfornlans are in New York: From San
Francisco — F. Harriman is at the Astor;
Mrs. C. G. Hosker is at the Netherland;
J. P. Lecount and wife are at the Everett;
D. P. McDonald is at the Grand Union;
O. Blrknaler is at the Gilsey H. P. G.
Gordon is at the Union Square; F. Wie
land and W. Casey are at the Morton.
Postcfllce Inspector James w. Erwin
has returned from a four months' visit
to Manila, whither he had been sent by
the Postofflce Department to . look into
postal affairs there. He found the ser
vice throughout the Philippines in a sat
isfactory condition.
CALIFORNIANS IN NEW YORK.
Rev. and Mrs. C. W. Norman of Ashta
bula. Ohio, arrived at the Occidental last
evening. They expect to leave on the next
steamer for China, where they go as mis
sionaries.
F. J. James, a N*>w York merchant, ac
companied by his wife. Is spending a few
days at the Palace.
L F. Hess, assistant Burgeon in the
United States Army, is registered at the
Occidental.
Captain John A. Lockwood of the
Fourth United States Cavalry is at the
California.
Dr. and Miss "Wakefleld of San Jose
are spending a few days at the Occidental
PERSONAL MENTION.
Dr. J. Clark of Gilroy is stopping at
the Grand.
J. J. O'Brien, a Chicago merchant, is at
the Palace.
William Spiers, a Calistoga stage man,
is at the Lick.
Dr. J. W. Farrington of Bisbee, Ariz.,
is at the Grand.
Edward Burwlck, tue Monterey rancher,
is at the Grand.
H. K. Stahl, miner at San Jose, is a
guest at the Grand.
James F. Peck, a lawyer of Merced. Is
registered at the Lick.
\V. A. Irwin and wife of Honolulu are
registered at the California.
Rev. Charles Pease of Long Branch is
registered at the Occidental.
T. W. Thompson, a prominent Yoko
hama importer, is at the Palace.
POPULAR VOTE-H. G.. Oakland Cal
There is. properly ?peaklng, no popular
vote for President and Vice President
the people vote for Electors, and thnw
chosen In each State meet therein and
vote for the candidates for President ««2
Vice President. The record of an? ioou
lar vote for Electors prior to is*i 1 =
meager and Imperfect that a compH
would be useless. In most of the stat "
for more than a quarter century follow
ing the establishment of th#» Govern™ «7
the State Legislatures ••appointed" »£*
Presidential Electors, ami the n Jn^
therefore voted only mdirectlv for P r h ? P
their choice being* expressed by *&;
votes for members of the Lerfsl* »rl
The first complete record of thp ll 2 l\ re#
of Presidential Electors bythf™?
was that of 1S24. when Andww 1. J ws
was defeated by John^Quinc/ Adams £
Notwithstanding the fact thi ? I,*!" 252 
had a plurality 5 of &$}%-?&{ jjgjjjj
popular; vote he was not declared FW
dent. The Electoral vote wav j.nV^'
39; Adams. 84: Clay. 37. and Crkwfnrf 1? 1
but as neither candida\rhadTmaioritv
of -the Electoral vote the House ofRemV
eentatives elected Adams. - " epre "
FRUIT TREES ON A ROAD— J. C
Oakland. Cal. Under the general rule the
fee of the soil remains in the original
owner with the use of the road or high
way in the public after dedication to pub
lic use and he Is entitled to what crows
upon it up to the center of the hisrhwnv
fronting the premises owned by him
Where the trunk of a tree is wholly on
the land of one person it is part of hH
land and he is entitled to all Its fruit, but
the law is different as to the highway and
what grows on it if the owner parts with
the fee. A land owner has no more rieht
to use the highway for business purpoaeg
than a stranger would have
VOTING IN COLORADO— P. & tV..
City. In the State of Colorado any ctti
zen, male or female, or any alien who
has declared intention to become a citizen
of the United States at any time prior to
four months before an election and who
has resided in the State six months In
the county ninety days; in the town thirty
days and In the precinct ten days can
vote.
MOVING AFTER REGISTRATTON-
Subscriber, City. If a voter who has reg
istered In one precinct should move out
of that precinct on November 1 he would
lose his right to vote on November 6,
but he would not lose his vote If he simply
moved from one place to another In the
same precinct.
STENOGRAPHERS— B. E. II.. City.
The charter of San Francisco provides
that the pay of stenographers in courts
shall be $2400 per annum. The prices paid
to stenographers hy attorneys in their
private business varies from $S to $25 a
week.
HITCHING POST— J. C, Oakland. Cal.
A hitching post on a public road is an in
vitation to any one who owns a team to
maka use of it if desired.
spfred with ambition and hope, and social
ism has ceased to ho a dangerous, dis
turbing force, solidly as the •working
classes may vote together In the great in
dustrial centers. Methodically and with
characteristic thoroughness and genius
for organization the Gormans have en
tered upon an industrial and commercial
career which has enlarged their sphere of
activities abroad and promoted peace,
contentment and prosperity at home.
ANSWEHS TO CORRESPONDENTS.
that if Bryan is elected they will be
thrown into ' the greatest disorder
through fear.
a "WARREN SWITZLER.
"Omaha, Neb., October 23. 1000."
"Editor San Francisco Call: The
declaration of so-called imperialism is
a house built upon the sand— an arraign
ment of the doctrine in no sense advo
cated by the Republican partv. It isa
straw man erected to furnish a punch
ing bag for Bryan. Our present posi
tion in the Philippines is not the result
of any preconceived plan of either party.
The business interests of the countrv
are sensitive, and I am firmlv convinced
ANOTHER prominent Nebraska
Democrat has turned aerainst that
State's candidate for the Presi
dency. He is the Hon. Warren
Switzler. who was the nominee of the
Gold Democrats in 1807 for Supreme
Justice. Mr. Switzler tersely declares
himself.in the following statement:
Th* "COLORADO MTCLAXO RATLTVAT win
ran every Monday from Los Angeles at 10:20 p,
m. and every Tuesday at « p. m. from San Fran
cisco, a personally conducted through Pullman
tourist sleeper to Chicago, via th« Rio Grand*
Western. Colorado Midland and Burlington
routes. Salt Lake City and D^rrer In day
light. For further Information address W. H.
DAVEN'PORT. General Ajrent, San Francisco.
New Overland Tourist Car Line.
The evil is one of 1.0 small magnitude. It should
rot be overlooked by the public even in the excite
ments of the closing days of the Presidential cam
paign. A gross wrong has been done to applicants
for positions as bookkeepers in the city offices by this
act of favoritism which raises one of their number
over the heads of others who under the rules were
rightly given priority. Nor is it at all likely that the
full measure of the unfairness of the Commissioners
has been discovered. Many similar frauds in making
up the list of eligibhs may have been committed of
which the public will never, be aware. There is but
one remedy for the evil. The Commissioners guilty
of these frauds should be expelled from an office they
!:ave disgraced. That much the public demands in the
interests of fair play and official integrity.
After the exposures that have been made, and the
weak and insufficient apologies offered by the Com
missioners, no citizen can have any further confidence
in their official actions; no applicant for position of
ary kind can tftke the examinations with a feeling that
he will be rated according to his merits. Each and
all will be conscious that a political pull or influence
would be worth more than any excellence they might
show before the examiners. Out of that feeling there
vill naturally come a reliance upon underhand
methods, and the Commissioners will be tempted
more and more to continue down the wrong path on
v.hich they have started.
Mayor Phelan has frequently declared that the
various boards of the city government subject to re
moval by him are responsible to him alone, and that
he is responsible to the people for all they do. He
has asserted that it it the business of these boards
to support his administration and carry out his policy.
To him. therefore, the pubfic has a right to look for
redress from the manifest wrongdoings of the com
mission. Either he must ask for the resignation of the
present Commissioners, or remove them summarily,
or share responsibility for their prejudice and fa
vcritism and bear the odium of it.
It has been claimed by the Commisisoners in de
fending their conduct that there is nothing criminal
in their action. The Call is willing to waive trm
r-r-int. Enough remains to show that the commission
was guilty of rank favoritism, and also to justify a
moral con\-iction tbat the favoritism was brought
about by the exercise of "influence" with the Com
missioners. That showing is ample enough to bring
down upon the Commissioners the condemnation of
the public. The sole virtue of the civil service regu
lr.tions resides in- the fairness with which they are
enforced. If there b« any kind of unfairness on the
part of the commission, whether it be due to favor
itism, or outside influence, or any other motive that
may prompt the advancement of one man over an
other on the H«-t of e'igibles, by any trick or device,
the whole value and virtue of the rules are lost. A
civil service juggled in that way is no other than the
old spoils system under a new name wearing the garb
o: hypocrisy.
SCANDALS arising from the operation of th
civil service rules are becoming so frequent as to
destroy! public conridence in the fairness of the
commission. The latest development, published in
The Call yesterday, was that of so changing the
rainps after examinations had been held as to raise
Leonard S. Leavy, a bookkeeper in the office of the
Board of Public Works, from the sixth to the third
place on the list of eligible*. The result of the change
was that Leavy was able to obtain a position to
which otherwise he could not have been appointed.
CIVIL SERVICE SC01SD0LS.
lor said: "I am impelled to overlook
the mistakes of McKinley and to exer-
cise my suffrage in favor of maintaining
the present policy of the Government —
not to support the traditional Republi-
can doctrine touchinc the tariff, or the
mOney question, but because the hour is
here when citizens of the United States
should be Americans first and partisans
afterward."
DEMOCRATIC LEGAL LIGHT OF
OMAHA OPPOSES PARTY CANDIDATE
Hon. Warren Switzler Says Bryan if Elected
"Will Upset Country's Business Interests.
ARTHUR A. TAYLOR, proprietor
of the Santa Cruz Surf, and one
of the best known Democrats of
the city by the sea. recently an
nounced in his paper, which has always
advocated Democratic doctrines and
warmly supported the candidates of that
party, that it would be unwise to favor
the election of W. J. Bryan, and gave as
his opinion that tens of thousands of
Democrats would be of the same belief
before election day.
In the course of a lengthy article on
his renunciation of Bryanism Mr. Tav-
Enjoying his full stomach, replete with Mr. Croker's
bounty at a feast which cost $12 a plate. Mr. Bryan
exclaimed in Cooper Union. "Great is Tammany, and
Croker is its prophet." Decent people, however, may
object to a national administration of which Croker
will be the prophet.
When Strong was Mayor these criminals were dis
missed from office, and many passed from the pay
roll to the police court, for they had to resort to
their regular business of cutting throats and purses
for a living. -.*:..'
It is the boast of Croker and Tammany that statis
tics show less crime in New York than in other large
cities. That is true, but the statistics are of the con
victions in Croker's courts, where none are convicted
that divide with him. He has also pointed to the ap
parent increase of crime in the city during the admin
istration of Mayor Strong. For this he goes to the
same source, court statistics. This only proves that
when Tammany was out of power vice and crime
could not be protected by Dick Croker and were pun
ished by the courts. There was another reason. When
in power Croker keeps a large contingent of crimi
nals, murderers, thieves, pickpockets and that class
on the public payroll. Being a jailbird himself he has
a fellow feeling for them and finds them useful in his
business, which is politics.
This sprig of theft and crime in politics certainly
has no complaint to make about a lack of chance. His
thrifty father knows the goddess of chance very well.
For his benefit Tammany assesses her devotees a fat
blackmail every year. Bishop Potter has recently
published the results of an investigation carefully
made by him, which shows that Croker blackmails
vice in New York to the amount of $5,000,000 a year.
Controlling: the police and the courts, he exacts toll
from debauchery, gambling and theft. He fattens on
the vice and crime of that great city. When wanton,
thief or gambler refuses to divide with him his police
ai rest and his courts punish the delinquent, not be
cause they are guilty of crime, but because they have
refused to divide its proceeds with Croker.
His son, Richard Croker Jr., has just matriculated
for a law course at Cornell University. He has leased
the Forrest place, a sumptuous country seat a mile
from the college grounds, and has installed there his
establishment, consisting of valets, a corps of English
house servants, horses and\ carriages, four English
bulldogs for which he paid $10,000, his favorite roa-.l
horse Flora and a tandem team which he drives every
morning to lectures.
Ever since Croker got out of jail and escaped hang
ing for a cowardly murder which he committed, owing
his neck to Tammany corruption and influence with
the courts, he has been advancing in politics. He has
not since then done a day's work, nor been in any
business. Legally he has been a vagrant, a vagabond,
for his means of support are invisible. Yet he has
accumulated a fortune amounting to twenty millions
of dollars, owns a racing estate in England and flour
ishes the purse of a Nabob and the style of an oriental
Prince.
IN a political symposium in the North American
Review Richard Croker appears as a publicist, and
the sole availabfc expounder of Democracy! Even
a Republican may be excused for deploring the fate
of that party, which has so fallen from its high estate
that no pen but that handled by the boss of Tam
rbany can be found to defend it in a leading Review
like the North American. In his labored and incon
sequential article -he tries to catch young men by
decrying existing conditions as inimical to their ad
vancement, and especially to their advance in poli
tics.
CROKER'S OPINION.
THURSDAY NOVEMBER 1. 1900
-JOHN^D. SPRECKELS, Proprietor.
Address A!l Communications to W. S. LEAKE. Manager.
MANAGER'S OFFICE Telep^!^Jl51^!L21!l
«'l UL.ICAT1OX OFKICE...M«rUet and Third. S. K.
Telephone Pre»m 201.
KDITORIAI, ROOMS 217 <o 221 Sterenaon St.
Telephone Premi 2O2.
Delivered l>y Carrier*. 15 Cent" Per Week.
Slnsrle Coplea. 5 Cent*.
Term* liy Mall. Including: Poataflret
DAILY CAIX (including Sunday), one year 18.00
DAILY CALL, (Including Sunday). 6 months t-W
DAILY CALL (ir.rlBdirjr Sunday). S months 1-M
DAILY CALL— Br Elnrle Month..* <*«
fcCNDAY CALL. One Year • I- 5 "
WEKKLT CALL, One Year I- 1 *-
AH poMma«terii nre nnthortzed to receive
• a Inscription*.
Sample copies will be forwarded "hen requested. •;
Vail uubrn-rbetr In ordering change of «<3<Sr»M ehould t#
pan'cu'.ar to give both KEW AND OLD ADDRESS In order
to ln*ur# a prompt and «rr*rt compliance with their request.
OAKLAND OFFICE 1118 Broadway
C GEOKGB KHOGXnSS.
Manager Foreign Advertising. Marquette Building. Chicago.
iLcss Distance Telephone "Central 2619.")
NEW YORK CORRESPONDENT:
C C. CAULTOX Herald Square
NEW YORK REPRESENTATIVE:
STEPHEN" B. SMITH SO Tribune Bnlldlnic
XEW YORK NEWP STANDS:
WEJdorf-AFtPrla Hotel; A. Brentano, a Union Square:
11 array Hill Hotel.
CHICAGO NEXTS STANDS:
Fherrr.an House; P. O. News Co.; Great Northern Hotel:
FYemor.t House; Auditorium Hotel.
WASHINGTON (D. O OFFICE 14Ort G St.. S. W.
SIORTO.V i:. CRAMS. Correspondent.
BRAXm OFFICES— «2T Montgomery, corner of Clay, open
until 9:10 o'clock. 800 Hayes, open until J:SO o'clock. <K3
McAllister, open until t:SO o'clock. £15 Lark'.n. open until
titt o'clock. 1941 Mi*e!on. open until 10 o'clock. J261 Market.
ccrnw Sixteenth, open until S o'clock 1QS6 Valencia, op^n
tir.tll J> o'clock. 106 Eleventh.*open until 9 o'clock. NW. cor
ner Twenty-ttecr.nd and Kentucky, open 'until 9 o'clock.
Says Bryan Is Unsafe to Be Trusted as the
~ ; Head of the Nation.
LIFELONG COLORADO DEMOCRAT
WILL VOTE FOR MCKINLEY
In this last campaign lie there is another eleir'-'t
that is of interest. The Hearst yellow papers are so
thoroughly discredited that even the truth published
in them is cast out and not believed. Therefore the
Bryan gang had to resort to a paper heretofore re
spectable, and selected the Philadelphia Times. It
must be very painful for Colonel McClure to have his
paper made the medium of such a transparent cam
paign falsehood and be brought within the withering
characterization which sprang so promptly from Mr.
Cleveland's justifiable indignation.
Therefore it is evident that Mr. Bryan's campaign
is on its last leg when he shows such a feverish
anxiety for Cleveland'? indorsement that his support
ers seek to get its effect by publishing "an unmitigated
falsehood, a lie from beginning to end."
What must be thought of Bryan, anyway, for the
anxiety he has painfully manifested for the indorse
ment of Mr. Cleveland? In a normal and wholesome
condition of politics what would be more embarrass
ing to Mr. Bryan than the support of Mr. Cleveland
and Richard Olney? He and his gang abused them
both, vituperating them in every way known to par
tisan misrepresentation in 1806. The convention that
nominated Bryan hissed Cleveland. In the last ses
sion of Congress, during the debate on the gold stan
dard bill, when Jefferson Levy and other sound money
Democrats mentioned Cleveland the Bryan crowd in
the House hissed and hooted.
As was to have been expected, Mr. Cleveland
promptly denounced the story as "an unmitigated
falsehood, a lie from beginning to end."
Again, every intelligent man knows that the Bryan
c'aim of ownership of the labor union and commercial
traveler vote is a myth. As far as the commercial
traveler claim is concerned, it is* based upon the state
ment that those men have been thrown out of employ
ment. An examination of the records of their na
tional organization and of their insurance and accident
company shows a larger membership than ever be
fore.
The next was a statement that Mr. Cleveland had
predicted a landslide for Bryan, giving as a reason that
the labor unions and the commercial travelers are for
him. Every one familiar with Mr. Cleveland recog
nized the forgery at once. The petty form of the
pretended statement was seen at once to have not a
single feature of Mr. Cleveland's well-known, clear
and robust statement.
The Bryan campaign does not rely only upon lying
about the Chinese question, but*about everything else.
Within ten days it has spawned numerous lies. One
was to the effect that at a public banquet in New
York Senator Scott of West Virginia had praised the
trusts. Upon immediate investigation it. was shown
that there had been no banquet, and that Senator
Scott had not dined in New York, except privately,
and that at that private dinner there had been no
conversation about trusts. So that lie failed and fell.
THE Republican National Committee has warned
the country against the final lying of the Bryan
campaign. Bryan's committee is reduced to the
last hope and looks for a desperate chance as the re
sult of fraud and falsehood, on the same line as the
"Morey letter" forgery of 1880. In California great
reliance is put upon a renewal of the Chinese scare.
The fact is that the policy of Chinese exclusion is
safely settled as the permanent policy of the country.
Those who represent the contrary to be the fact are
not the friends of white labor. They don't care for
it, except to assume that it is ignorant enough to
throw away its vote on a false issue. The course of
President McKinley in the existing troubles in China
makes him master of the situation involving our ex
clusion treaty with that country. Under that treaty
we have the right to regulate, exclude and forbid the
immigration of Chinese laborers in periods of ten
years. The current exclusion period terminates in
1502. At that expiration the statute will be renewed
and exclusion will prevail for another decade. But,
better than this, there is a prospect that President
McKinley. by reason of his strong attitude in the pres
ent Chinese trouble, will negotiate an amendment oi
the treaty abolishing the ten-year-period feature and
making the exclusion statute permanent, so that pe
riodical re-enactment will not be necessary, and the
law will stand as a fixture, just the same as our law
of naturalization;
A ' FR0UD CAMPAIGN.
Views of the Press
! on Topics of the
Times.
BUFFALO COMMERCIAL.— Croker's
defiant attitude ought not to a3tonish any
body. Tweed was just as arrogant. Just
as defiant, just as insultant until he wa<
landed in prison.
HARTFORD COURANT.— A withdraw
al now from the PhMoplnes would ba
not merely cowardly bui criminal. In this
¦world practical statesmen In responsible
charge of public affairs have to deal with
things as they are.
OMAHA BEE.— If Air. Bryan permits
himself to be bewildered during the
campaign by the ostentation of Boss Cro
ker what could be expected .of him if he
I were actually elected to the Presidency
! with the belief that he owed his success
to the support of the Tammany rang?
KANSAS CITY JOCRXAL-The theory
of Mr. Bryan has been that all men have
the primary right to be politically equal.
If he now approves and defends the edu
cational qualification in Xortn Carolina,
i he repudiates the very doctrln© on which
his pulley with respect to the Philippines
Is founded.
CINCINNATI COMMERCIAL. TRI
BUNE.—Mr. Bryan's whole campaign la
pitched upon a low plane of political ex
pediency. And this expediency has no:
even the poor merit of plausible states
manship. Having nothing to offer h»
turns to detraction. Having destroyed by
detraction he would build up a structure
of straw on a foundation of sand.
NASHVILLE AMERICAN.— Th© South
is working out its destiny in affairs of
local government and without disfran
chising the brother in black, either. Sine*
we have successfully chosen city and
county officers through whita primaries
why not State officers in the same way?
Maybe we will see our way to It some
day. Why confuse local and national
issues to the detriment of the public ser
vice?
HARTFORD COURANT— Let us have
done with trying to tinker the Bible. It
would be as well. too. to stop trylnsr to
explain It— to account for it by scholar
ship—unless We retain our reverence for
the old form. It comes to us out of th«
depths of history. It was put in EngKsh
form at precisely the period when the
work could be best done. The sooner we
understand that there are some thing*
transmitted to us by our fathers which
we cannot Improve the sooner we shall
avoid a certain kind of error.
UP-TO-DATE
EDITORIAL
UTTERANCE
With an enemy of that kind Roberts is hardly likely
to resort to the war tactics of Caesar's time. More
over, it is now evident the Boers are of stuff too stub
born to be tamed by harshness. Dewet is proving
himself to be one of the greatest guerrilla leaders of all
time, and in every way a worthy antagonist of the
great field marshal who upholds the empire.
"During the progress of the fight we constantly
caught glimpses of the Red.Cross flag, escorting one
or other of these gallant ladies (Mrs. Buchan and Miss
Crawfurd) to points where wounded Boers were lying.
Throughout the fight the Boers respected the conven
tions, repeatedly expressing their appreciation and
their gratitude for tha^services of these ladies. For
this courtesy Commandant Eloff was largely respon
sible, and indeed, if there was any abuse of the Red
Cross flag the blame of such disrespect cannot be
charged against the enemy, since our side, I under
stand, issued orders that the men of the firing line
were not to take notice of any white flags which the
Boers displayed. The enemy respected its conven
tions, treated the prisoners humanely, and behaved
throughout a situation almost maddening from the
strain which it must have imposed upon them, with
conspicuous gallantry, coolness and consideration."
In this connection it is worth noting that British
officers and newspaper correspondents who have re
turned to London have contradicted many of the sto
ries of Boer cruelties told during the early days of the
war. The London Chronicle, for example, quotes
this statement from J. Angus Hamilton, who was in
Mafeking during the siege:
namely, Caesar, and ruthlessly suppress the rebellion."
The Globe begs him to remember: ¦¦ "The truest mercy
in the present case is to be merciless." These and
other frantic cries of London critics are not going to
help Roberts much. His troubles are not of a kind
that can be lightened by the adoption of such tactics
aj. the critics call for. "
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, NOYEMBER 1, 1900.
A Iocs! Democrat of many years' standing objects
to the pnemies of law. «oap and order which Bryan
h^« enlisted in his motley army. Does this Democrat
want to deprive Bryan of the last vestige of support?
The love-smitten young lady who tried to kill her
f-elf in this city a few days ago by swallowing coal
oil and then turning on the gas might have made a
success of a very unique performance by lighting 1
match.
The local Chinese who has committed six murders
just for fun seems to have developed a sense of humor
sufficiently acute to enjoy dancing on the end of a
rope. He ought to be able to appreciate both sides
c! a joke.
Notwithstanding the promises of the Board of
Education to observe the chronological order in pro
motions, it would be very wise for teachers to keep
an eye on the board.
The Oakland Water Company has confessed that
it has not burned all of its books. It would not re
quire a very shrewd gvesser to suspect, however, that
all of the incriminating records are ashes.
William Jennings Bryan asserts with great fervor
that he seeks to win the good will of his countrymen.
He is not so eager to admit the more palpable fact
that for four years he has been translating that good
will into coin.
The aged San Jose man who obtained a wife
through a marriage agency and now is accused by her
ot disturbance, robbery, burglary and attempted mur
der oug"ht to make a good advance agent for a firm
of marriage brokers.
Recent revelations in the- records leem to be con
clusive proof that Assemblyman Henry C. Dibble and
State Senator "Eddie" Wolfe have taken pains to
earn the characterization of the "tall man and the
short man" of legislative holdups.
The local Civil Service Commission, which has
been caught in a palpable fraud, evidently believes that
when a fellow is nabbed it is unprofessional to peach
on his pals. It is easy to understand now what one
of the Commissioners meant when he assured his
friends that they would get a square deal.
"The British losses were heavier than at first re
ported. An additional officer and twelve men were
killed and three officers and twenty-five men were
wounded. The Boers left twenty-four dead and nine
teen wounded on the field and twenty-six Boers were
made prisoners." The dispatch also refers to minor
affairs in which the troops of General Kitchener and
General Methuen'were engaged, and a serious incident
between Springfontein and Filipolis, Orange River
Colony, where fifty cavalrymen were ambushed and
captured by the Boers, only seven of the party escap
ing. Another dispatch from Lord Roberts says:
"Barton attacked the ubiquitous Dewet near Frcder
ickstadt. The Boers were scattered in all directions."
• % Such reports make clear the fact that the pacifica
tion of the Transvaal is going to be a long and a diffi
cult task. The British are growing weary and impa
tient of the resistance made by "the ubiquitous De
wet" and some of the more influential papers of Lon
don are clamoring for the adoption of severe meas
ures. The Saturday Review advise? Roberts to take
"a lesson from one who was a greater soldier than he.
The summary sent out from London of the reports
received from Roberts giving an account of the fight-
When Kruger gave up^ the fight and betook himself
out of the field of war to a safe seclusion the British
confidently predicted the remaining Boers would soon
lay down their arms and the work of administering the
conquered province in peace would be well under way
before the close of October. The month is near the
end, hut war in the Transvaal goes on. A few days
ago the British authorities at Pretoria .with solemn
ceremonies and stately military display proclaimed the
Transvaal a part of the British empire and raised her
Majesty's standard over the capital. Even while that
ceremony was going on Devvet had resumed the
offensive, President Steyn of the Orange Free State
had set up a new capital for that republic at Fouries
bourg, and a hundred evidences were given that Kru
ger's absence had hardly been noted by his country
men.
ROBERTS' victories in South Africa were the
main cause of the Tory victory in the British
elections. Salisbury and Chamberlain are now
safe, and the former is proceeding quietly with the
work or reconstructing his Ministry. He has great
honors in store for Roberts. When the field marshal
returns home he will be made commander in chief oC
the army, and may doubtless have an earldom and a
fortune bestowed upon him; for with all her faults
Great Britain is never niggardly toward the Heroes
who uphold her flag in war. With all those honors
and rewards in store for him, however, Roberts is
not happy. He has not yet returned home and it is
not certain when he will be able to do so. He has
6
Believes That Thousands of Democrats Will
Join Republicans Before November &
EDITOR TAYLOR OF SANTA CRUZ
ABANDONS THE CAUSE OF BRYAN
DENNIS SHEEDY, prominent in
mining circles in Colorado, has
come out for : McKinley, Mr.
Sheedy is president -tf the Globe
Smelting: and Refining Company and a
lifelong Democrat. He tells why he will
cast his vote for a continuation of pros
perity in the following statement; :•• ".\ ¦¦;¦¦
"Editor. San Francisco Call: I voted
for Bryan in 1896, but I : shall vote for
McKinley. this year. The utter failure
of the predictions of Democracy's stan
dard bearer matie in the last campaign
and the fact that he is ready to ride any
issue into the White House lead me to
believe that he is not a safe man to trust
with trie chief command in this country
1 "DENNIS SHEEDY.
"Denver, Colo., October 2.v iooo."
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Iff! *<^
FOR
AND
RO&SEVELT.
REPUBLICAN
RALLIES
T0-NIGHTI
SARATOGA HALL,
GEARY ST.. NEAR HTD&
GEORGE A. KNIGHT.
E. F. LOUD.
P JULIUS KAHN.
FRANKLIN HALL.
1S39 nLUIORE STREET.
SAMUEL M. SHORTRIDGE.
" OTTO I. WISE.
E. F. LOUD.
A. J. DANNENBAUM.
HAMILTON A. BAUER.
HENRY C. DIBBLE,
POTRERO OPERA-HOUSE,
TENNESSEE ST., NEAR EIGHTEENTH
E. MYRON WOLF.
JULIUS KAHN.
RICHARD J. WELCH.
W. J. EVATT.
JOHN BULLER.
STANFORD HALL,
COR. WTH AND VALENCIA ST9.
SAMUEL M. SHORTRIDGE.
E. F. LOUD.
E. MYRON WOLF.
E. F. TREADWELL.
MAXWELUW'NUTT. '
washingtonTquare hall,
COR. UNION AND STOCKTON ST3.
GEORGE A. KNIGHT.
JULIUS KAHN.
JOHN H. NELSON.
ALEXANDER CAMPBELL JR
GEORGE C. BROWN.
The victims of next winter's epidemic o!
grippe those ¦whose «yBtem« have not recovered
from exhaustion of summer. DR. SIEQERT3
Angostura Bitters, great South American tonio
for weak people.
"Certainly not I Call a man an office
seeker because he ran on the Prohibition
ticket?"— Puck.
"Then you wouldn't call "Waters an of-
fice seeker?"
Wife— I wish I could find pomethin* that
would really amuse the baby.
Husband — TVhy not set a new Brussels
carpet and a quart of Ink? — Puck.
Special Information Bupplled daily to
business houses and public men by tha
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's'). 510 Mont-
gomery st. Telephone Main 1042. •
Cal. Klace fruit 50c per rt> at Townsend**."
Orr^utn— Vsudrrllle.
Grand Opera-house— "Secret Service."
Grand «Jj'<*rs-houi"«— Maurice Gr&u Opera Company, lion-
d«> rvenint. November 12.
Alrazar — "Northern LiEht»."
Columbia— •"Oliver Goldsmith."
Tlvrtli— •"Carman. "
A:i:arr.t,ra— •Kir* of th» Opium Ring."
CaMornU— "For Her Bake."
Oiyrr.i ». co: ner Mason and Eddy streets — Fp«c!»ltle«.
Cbutee, Zoo and Theater— Vaudeville every afternoon on!
Firrhfr'o— Vnurt»v!»>.
fherman-Clay Hall— Piano Recital.
buir-. itsth* <>i—n riitfiie
AMUSEMENTS.TO SAIL.
..At the. explanatory . lecture recital of
yesterday'- afternoon -at- .the-- California
Theater Walter Damrosch repeated h!s
notable success '.of last year's 'series, of
explanatory "Wagner recitals- A' large and
fashionable, audience greeted -the lecturer
and listened, to a simple; and Interesting
exposition of the prelude to the Nlbelun
gen trilogy. "Dag Rhelngpld," with mu
sical illustrations of the leading motives
of the magnificent conception. Mr. Dam
roscli Is delightfully at, home with his
subject, which he treats In clearest and
most sympathetic fashion, and the Ideals
and atmosphere of the great German mas
ter gather a finer dignity and nobler place
even to those, most, familiar; with : the
genius of Wagner, after an . afternoon
wltlv so reverent a disciple as Mr. Dam
rosch. "Das Rheingold" will, of course,
be followed by the -remaining numbers of
the "Ring," "Die Walkure" to be given
to-morrow- afternoon, "Siegfried" . on
Wednesday afternoon next, and "Gotter
dammeruner" on Friday, November 9.
Walter Damrosch Recital.
The Queen, grieving: for Cloten and con
scious of the failure of her plots, takes
foison. Imogen is revealed and is loined
once more by Posthumus. Iachimo. forced
by a heavy conscience, repents of his evil
and is forgiven bv those he has wronged.
The Klngi freed from the domination of
a wicked Queen, with his sons and daugh
ter restored to him, at p*ace with Rome,
reascer.ds his throne to rule henceforth in
Justice and concord.
The Dramatic Movement.
The action of the play Is divided Into
five parts according: to th© general dra
matic formula employed by Shakespeare.
The kingdom Is first shown in its state of
contradiction. A wicked queen usurps tho
place of authority for selfish ends. The
tribute due to Rome Is denied. The mar
riage of Posthumus and Imogen— a stron?
man and a pure woman — is repealed and
the two are forced to separate. Posthu
mus. driven to a foreign land, is himself
deceived as to his wife's fidelity by an
Italian noble and :1s driven to curse all
womankind. The ethical equilibrium of
the kingdom is thus disturbed and a dra
matic process is necessary for its restora
tion. From the conditions of the play dis
closed in the. first two acts it is seen that
in order to effect .the harmony of the
kingdom the Queen and Cloten must be
destroyed and the. Klny regain his rule;.
A war is necessary to prove th« domina
tion of .Caesar, and the justice: of; the
tribute.-; Imogen and Posthumus must be
united. Iachimo punished, Pisanio Justi
fied. In the third act a new evidence of
Cymbeline's injustice is revealed. Many
years before Cymbelinei had banished
from, his kingdom,- without warrant- of
Justice. . a powerful noble, Belarius. In
his flight to the wilderness this noble had
carried with him ;the King's sons, then
mere children. Among the mountains of
"Wales they live, the- primitive life of
hunters, proving by their simplicity, bra
very and independence the superiority of
a natural over an artificial culture. Th«
wilderness is a refuge from a discordant
society.-- but: -does- not Itself offer the best
conditions for development. The boys are
restless In their ; Isolation and long for
contact with the larger world. It is ap
parent that with a return of harmony to
the kingdom the idyllic society will dl«-
INCIDENTS IN POLICE COURT.
Steuart Harold Is Arraigned on the
Charge of Attempt at Murder.
Steuart Harold, alias Upshur, was in
structed and arraigned before Judge Fritz
yesterday on the charge of assault to
murder for shooting Special Officer B. P.
Haughen in Fischer's concert hall on the
night of October 9. The case was con
tinued till November 8 as the defendant's
attorneys were engaged in the Superior
Courts. " '¦'.;• ¦?. ¦¦' '.'¦;
¦.Mrs. Kate O'Connor, 130 Putnam street,
was.;convlct<?d of a charge of battery: by
Judge Cabaniss yesterday and will be sen
.tencpd- .to-morrow. October 20 she got
Jealous of the attentions of her h.uaband
to Miss Lizzie and Miss Belle Chambers,
427 Bank street, on a Folsom street car
andt struck them both. . •¦':'¦
:. -Robert Lan'gre.-.the bogus, lotterj- ticket
vender, who pleaded guilty to. two charges
of obtaining money by false pretenses
from Mrs. Kate Costello and ; Mrs. Mc-
Arthur, appeared for sentence before
Judge .Fritz yesterday. The Judge sen
tenced him'to five months in the County
Jail on each charge.
'Frank Cole, alias Curly, was held to
answer before the Superior Court by
Judge -Conlan yesterday on a charge of
assault to murder In $2000 bonds. He shot
Thomas -F." Fallon at 422 Dupont street on
October 3 during a dispute about a wo
man. • ...¦.. ¦ •:
Patrick' Shannon was convicted by Judgy
Fritz yesterday on the charge of petty
larceny for stealing a newspaper from the
Paulist Fathers' Church . and was sen
tenced to five- days In the County Jail.
Time Ball.
Branch Hydrogratihic Office, U. S. N., Mer
chants' . Exchange, San Francisco, Cal.,
• October 31, 19O0.
The time ball on the, tower of the new Ferry
building «'as dropped At exactly noon to-day—
i. e.. at noon of the 120th meridian, or at 8
o'clock p. m.. Greenwich time.
C. G. CALKINS,
Lieutenant Commander. U. S. N., In charge.
NOTE— In the arwjve exposition of the tides
the early morning tides are (riven In the left
hand column and the suc-esaive tides of the
day in the order of. occurrence as to time of
day, the third time column the third tide and
the last or rljrht hand column gives the last
tide of the day, except when there are but
three tl<3»>«. as sometimes occurs. The heights
¦n-lvcn; are In addition- to the. soundings on the
United. States Coast Survey charts, except
when.a minus sign (— ) precedes the height, and
then the number given l.« subtracted from the
depth Klven by the charts. The plane of refer
ence Is the mean of the lower low waters.
Sun rises „ 6:35
Sun sets ...; '. 5 : :12
Moon nets..... ..O:1S. a. m.
.The Secret Service has unearthed another
band .of. counterfeiters . »nd • secured a' large
quantity of borus bills, which are, s<? cleverly •
executed that. the.. average person : would "never"
suspect them of b'elriK spurious.' ¦ Thlrijrs-- of •
great value are always selected for imitation,
notably Hostetter's Stomach Bitter?,.- which has
many imitator* but no equals for. disorders lilts '
indigestion.- dyppepsla. constipation, ¦ nervous
netn and reneral debility. Always go to rellja-'
ble druKglsIs who. h»v« the reputation of giv-'
ln« what you aak fo» '. : ¦; =••,.-.'.
Still More Counterfeiting.
NOTE- The hli?h and' low -waters occur at the
city front (Mission-street wharf) about twenty
flve minutes later than at Fort Point; th«
bflRht of tide is the same at both places.
United States ."Coast and Geodetic Survey-
Times and Heights of High and Lo-*-
Waters at Fort Point, " entrance to .San
¦•Francisco Bay. Published by official au
¦ thorlty of the Superintendent.
Sun, Mcon " arid Tide.
THURSDAT. NOVEMBER 1.
one defender becomes her most bitter as
sailant. She Is summoned by Posthumua
from the court to; meet him. secretly at
Mllford-Haven. .At tho saLine time In
structions are given Pisanio, Posthumus'
servant, still at court, to murder Imogen
on the way to Cambria. A changing for
tune releases her from death, brings her
I in- male attir« tr> a cave In the hills, where
she meets with two strong-limbed youth3
—her brothers, as it happens, long ago
stolen from the King by a former re
tainer—and leads her at length to become
attached as a page to the person of Lu
cius, the Roman general come Just then
with an army to Britain to collect the un
paid tribute. Cloten, disguised as Posthu
mus, hasening to intercept Imogen's flight
from the court, is slain by on© of the for
est youth and his headless trunk is laid
unwittingly at the feet of Imogen. Think
ing her lord fallen. Imogen swoons and Is
so discovered by Lucius, into whose serv
ice, with sad heart and countenance, she
enters. Meanwhile Plsanto has conveyed
to Posthumusr a bloody handkerchief as
an evidence of his wife's murder. At the
close of the battle between the British
and Roman forces the personages of the
play are assembled for discovery and rec
onciliation. . Posthumus guid Iachlmo have
come with the Romans. Cymbellne's sona,
enarer for contact with the world, had left
their wilderness and now distinguish
themselves in fighting for the King. Lu
cius, victor in the battle, receives the
promise of tribute and establishes peace.
CLEAREn.
';.'; .' .'; .Wednesday, October SI.
Stmr Afameda, Von Oterendorp.'- Sydney, and
.Honolulu;- J D Spreckels- it Bros Co. . - . ":
Stmr Santa- Rosa. Alexander, .San- -Diego;
Goodall. Perkins & Cn. ¦-':¦ • . ..
Br f*tmr Wellington, Salmond, (^hemalnus; R.
Dunpmitlr Sons Co. ¦¦-•¦ , •¦
Br Btmr Hobert' Adamson, Morgan, NanaMmo;
John Kosenfeld's Sone. : .. • : - - ' . '
Fr bark Touraloe, Oulllon, Queenstown; L
KaulTmafh. . . . ¦
' Brlfr W.'O Irwln.: Genereaux, Honolulu; Wll-
Harns, Diihrmd & Co. ¦'.'
SAILED.
' ¦ Wednesday,' October 3L
Etmr Newburg. Peterson, Grays Harbor. V
Stmr Greenwood,' Facertiihd, •.' — .
Stmr N'oyo.. Jolimtnn. -Fort -Br^gfr. '
Bktn Planter. McNeil. Honolulu. •
Schr Halcyon, Mel Ha, Fort Bra*g. In tow of
:Schr Cna, Harklns. - Cltpperton' "island and
Panama. '¦. . ; ' • • . .
Sclir Marj' C, Madsen, Bodega.
vFchr Reporter. Pehloff. Qray.s Harbor.;, .
.Stmr Alcazaiv .-Guniiprson, — — . . : ' '
SPOKEN.
Per fitmr rvi Nor.ff— Oct 31.'. afternoon, *• miles
ESE of Point Itpyeii, bark Olympic, from.Hono
lulu, for San FYanrisc<i.'- '¦'. ¦.-'¦';'< , ''
TELEGhAPHIC. § . •., ¦
POINT* ijOTiOS. Oet 31, 10 .p m— Weather
thick; wind SW. velocity 10 miles. , ."
DOMESTIC PORTSJ
SEATTLE— Palled Get JO^-Stmr Ohio, for San
Francisco; ?tmr Dolphin, for Skaguay. '.
BOWENS LANDING— Arrived Oct 31- Stmr
Navarro, hence Oct 30. ; ; •
BIHLEUS POINT- Sailed Oct 30^-Schr Mary
Ktta, for San Francisco.
KLAWACK-Sailed Ocf 21-Schr W F Jewett,'
for San Frinclsco. ' ••'
POUT TOWNSEXD— Parsed Inward Oct 31—
Ger ship Parchlm, from : ship Palgrave and
bark Oakland, from Nome; and proceeded t<->
Esquimau.
Arrived Oct 31— Ship S D Calton. from Dutch
Harbor.
In ptralte Oct 31— Brig Geneva, hence Oct 23.
NEAH BAY— Passed In Oct 31— Ship Great
Admiral and schr Annie- M Campbell, from
Honolulu. '-• •
Passed, out Oct 31— Stmr SlKnal, for Port
land; Btmr Csarina. for' San • Francisco.
ASTORIA— Arrived Oct 31-Ger ship Gertrud,
from Nagasaki. ¦• ' .-
EUREKA— Arrived Oct '31-^Stmr Pomona,
hence Oct 30;.jitmr Homer, hence Oct 30. : • •
Sailed Oct 20— Schr Occidental, for San Pedro.
FOKT UHACJG— Arrived Oct 31— Stmr Sequoia,
from Pan Pedro.
POUT BLAKELEY— Sailed Oct 31-Bark Prus
sia, for San Francisco; schr Azalea, for San
Dieco.
Arrived Oct 31 — Ger ship Parchlm, from Port
Townsend. . . : .
EASTERN TORT.
NEW YORK— Arrived Oct' 30— Stmr Allianca,
from Colon. :
Sailed Oct 30— Stmr Advance, for Colon. ..
OGI5AN' BTEAMERS.
FOREIGN PORTS. ¦'¦'¦'
MANILA— Arrived Oct 30-U S Btmr Han
cock, hence Oct 1. ' . . ¦ •
YOKOHAMA— Sailed Oct .27— Stmr Victoria,
for Tacoma. - :
RVDNKV— Arrived prior to Oct 30— Br atmr
Moana, hence Oct 4, . • . ¦
AUSTHALIAN POUT— Arrived prior to Oct
30— nark Haydn Rrown, from Eureka.
DUNKIRK— Arrived Oct 2S-Ger ship Xesala.
from Portland. : ¦, ¦ ¦ ¦ • ..
FALMOUTH— Sailed Oct 30^-Ger ship Mabel
RlckmerSi -for Cardiff; Br ship Primrose Hill,
for Birkenhcad.
HONGKONG— Arrived Opt 30— Br' stmr Em-'
presB.of India, from Vancouver. ; . .
Sailed Oct 31-r-Jap stmr Nippon Mam, -for San
FTanclsco. : . ¦ ' ' . . ¦
GUAYMAS-'Arrived Oct 23— Schr C A Thayer,
from Grays Harbor. ¦': :. ••'•.. .".: ":
VALPARAIBO— Sailed .Oct ; 30— Ger stmr Neko,
for San Francisco. ¦¦. ¦ ¦ : :'...- ; ; " • ¦
• 'NAGASAKI— Arrived Oct 31— Br ship Queen
Victoria, from Cardiff-! ¦.. ¦¦•»•. •.: ¦ ""
SALINAS CRUZ^rArrlyed Oct 3<Vr-Schr Wln
ajow. hence Oct 5. .» ~ . ¦ .'.'•• • • ;
Steamer Movements.
NEW 1 ' YORK— Arrived Oct 31— Stmr. St Ger
main, from 'Havre.. .-:. ; . ¦ "• -v ¦; .•
Sailed Oct 31— StmrTrave, for Bremen: stmr
New York, for; Southampton; Btmr Oceahlc, for
Liverpool; itnir Nprdland, for -Antwerp.'- ¦ ¦ •
.(jIBIIALTAH— Arrived Oct 31— Stmr Aller.
from New- Vbrk; for Naples; ¦ and Genoa. . '
BOUTHAMPTON— Arrived. Oct 31— Stnir St
LoillB. from New Tbrk.. ' '; ,* . ¦
Bailed Oct 31— Stmr Kalserln Maria Theresa,.'
fron «rem£n, for New York. • .. .
nOITLOONB^-Arrlved Oct 31— Stmr A.mster-
dam. fro-m New York, ..for Kotterdnm. V - '
QUKKNBTOAVN— Sailed. Oct 31— Stmr Ivernla,
from Liverpool, for Boston'. .
HONGKONO— Arrived Oct 31— Stmr Tartar,,
from Seattle. ... -' .-'•¦'.•.. -' - : .
LI VE'KPOOL— Arrived Oct -'31— Stmr Majestic,
¦f.rom 'New York. \-la Queeniitown. .¦..'.¦ : •
' Sailed- Oct 31— Stmr Cuflc. for New Tork. •
TO ARRIVE;
The Well-Known Vessel, in Great Peril on a Foggy
Night Off the Horn, Is Miraculously Saved.
THE Shenandoah, the largest and
finest wooden ship afloat, is once
more in command of Captain
"Jim" Murphy. The Jovial and
popular master arrived here late
Monday nlsht and took command of the
Shenandoah yesterday. The last time he
wa-s here Captain Murphy was In com
mand of the new. steel four-masted bark
Arthur Sewall, but he longed for his old
vessel and is once more In charge of her.
When Captain Murphy left the Shenan
doah to take command of the Arthur Se
wall, his son was given the command of
the former vessel. lie made one trip and
then took another vessel. A new captain
i took the Shenandoah and he made two
round trips on her, but failed to make the
ventures pay. Now Captain Murphy, who
is a big owner in the craft, has again
taken hold and dividends are once more
expected. ¦ -.. ¦
When Captain Murphy was last in com
mand of the Shenandoah she had a nar
row escape off the Hum. On & foggy
night she was making about ten knots an
hcur. Suddenly the fog lifted and under
the clear moonlight the lookout gave the
alarm, "land ahead.". In an instant the
ship was put in stays and then by back
ing the sails on the main and mlzzen and
tilling those on the fore, the Shenandoah
wont on the other tack and escaped de
struction. .¦¦¦[¦: :
Sailing of the Alameda.
The Oceanic Steamship Company's Ala
trifrta sailed for the South Seas last- night.
She carried an unusually large cargo and
every passenger she could take. There
were 142 travelers in the cabin and many
of them had to sleep on sofas in ordpr to
get away at all. Many of the passengers
are bound for Honolulu and once the mail
boat reaches that port the crowd will be
materially diminished. .
The cabin passengers' on the Alameda
are: i .'¦,-.¦ /¦¦'.¦ :¦¦.'".. ¦..'¦¦ ¦ ";/• • :., •¦'
. For Honolulu— JV. H. Afong. Mis* T. Bouquet,
Gforre J, Campbell ; D. H, Case, wife ami
two t-hlldreij; H. f'onlln. Mrs. D. Dorwood and
son. J. I, Downing and wife, Mrs. W. J. Dyer
and child. Mrs. W. J.-EnBland. W. \V. Good
ale, p. D Oreany. W. J. Greig. Miss P. Hlck
man. P. L. Hook*. Mrs. \V. L. Hopper. Mlas
Hopper. H. Hudson and.: wife, M. Hyman, W.
F. Johnston -H. C KcUnss. wife ami four
chllaren; Thomas K^ngh, J. 8, Kennedy, F. S.
Kn;ght and wife, T. H. Lucas, Mrs. W, Mon
farratt and child. Miss M. R. Morss. V. Ncff,
William Niesseh. Mrs. P. J. O'Donnell and In
fant. MisK Thelma Parker. Mrs. Peterson and
child. Mrs. M. F. Potnsett. Mrs. C. K. Rey
nolds. Miss Reynolds. Mrs. A. HifenberB. Vr.
W. G. Rf-eers. H. Ryder, A. Sohlerholtr anil
wlfe-Gu* Schneider, J. Hi.- Soper ana wife, C.
Spohlpr K. ('. Staokaiie. L. Turner.: Jean al
jean. F-. J. Walker and wife.. Miss A.. Walton
and MJsa M. A. Wernll. ¦ ¦ : •' ¦
Apia— <"aptain -\L Orapow. Captain Hufna^rel.
Aurkland-U Abbott, .lames Barclay. Wil
liam rmnran. Mrs. C. M. Oary. Q. S. Geddes,
J. O. GUberd. \V. J. Jame»r,ii, Mrs. G. 6..
Kldi A. Munnew, E. Smith. George I. Smith,
Edward Spreckley. Neville Spreckley, n. St«tn
>rs and wife.; A. J. . Symooa and -wife. J. X,. '
Tlllotson. John Watson, P. J. Wlnser and r. •
I). .Woodruff*. Ai- ¦ ¦ ¦_
Pydney-H. C. Bagot, R. B. Beals, P. Bebar
fftld. captain V. L. Beer. Mrn. M. Bradley. R.
t> Braach. -.Gerarfl «?oventry and wife. rW. J.
Orepswell and wife H. E. Duncan and. wife,.
Mrs. E. Emsman. John Foden. John Forsyth •
iind wife. Mrs. A. Foje...C. H- Free^man and
wife. H. Goode. A. E. Grace, A. I-. Green, E.
H Green W. !>>.Itoh. T. Mc'I^oi Mulr. A.
Peterson. Captain Charles Book. Inincan Shaw.
R •C. Singer. A- F. G. Syrftons F. Thompson..
T. EL Torej-cltfto, . J, H. Toose, O. R. Ward, and
v.lfe. K. Wicks. A. Wilkinson, Mies A. P. Wil
kinson. A E; Witherb>- V flnd 31 CD. Wormald.;.
The Alameda carried a general cargi
Valued at $132.22?. manifested as follows:
For New Zealand. J.W.C42; for Australia.
J9S.221: for Samoa. $32«U. The-; followliiB
were the principal shipments: :- ; , '.
For New Zeaiand-3110 bxn apples, 7 cs' boots.,
and shoes. M2I cs canned goods, 5fK) lbs choco
late 29^) rhs codflph. 27.3SS rbs dried fruit, 1
engine. 7 rs dry srood?. 7 pkps groceries and
rrovt»lons, f.KO6 rbs hops. 7 cs hardware. 8 rolls
leather, 6 rfcK? machinery. 262 crs onions, 14
cs photo Roods. 255 bdls paper, 1920 lbs raisins,
151 cs 12 kegs salmon. 7 <.• dry goods. :
For Australia— 3314 cs apples. 35 cyl» am
rnonla. 16 cs arms and ammunition. 4 cs B«;rl
culfural Implements. 8 cs bicycle sundries, 26<X3
n>8 coftee, 127.136 rhs codfish, U2SI cs canned
goods El; cs dry Roods. 70.5«o lbs dried frulit
25 cr electrical f^icxis, 15 cs hardware, 25 bdls.
hose 1479 lbs hops, 4000 feet lumber. 23 ralU
leather. ?>6 cs liquors. 29 pkgs machinery. 21
cs metal polish. 35 hbls oil. 4 cs phot) eroods.
17S cs paint. SO bdls paper. 1141 bis rai-sins.
jo 601 c* 1«3 bbla salmon. 7 fiewlnn; machines,
7 cs type, 4 os typewriters, 1 cs varnish. jO
kecs white lead, 10 rkp;s wlro, 10 bbls whale
oil. 1 cs-.druKS. ¦-. .:.- , ,;•
For Samoa— 2 cs dry Koods. 3 cs liquors, JoOO
r>.s bread. 17 cs raisins. 5 cs coal oil, 293 cs
salmon. S-V-cs canned Roods, 118 era pota toejs,
3 bxs apples. 100 lbs dried fruit, G cs past*. 2
cp hardware, 10 cs onions. 30 bbls Hour, M
pkfrs Kroceries and provisions. 5 keRs- sauor
kraut, 5 bbls beef, 4 cb nails, 12 cs hardware.
Australia Sails.
There will be a big crowd down to see
the Tahiti mall steamer away this after
noon. Quite a: number of excursionists szo
away on the ocean liner and their rel
atives and friends are sure to be down
and pee them off. Then again It Is the
first mail steamer, that has left here for
Papeete, the "Queen City of the Pacific,"
and that lends interest to the sailing.
The Oceanic Steamship Company has a
contract with the French Government to
carry the mails between Papeete and San
Francisco and the Australia inaugurates
the /service.
. ¦ ¦ — ? ' —
Water Front Notes.
The United States transport Meade
doclcod yesterday and landed her sick. and
wounded. ' ..
The Brltl.«h ship Carmanlan, out sixty
eight days from Hongkong for: San Fran
cisco, is posted, as overdue and ten per
cent reinsurance Is offered on her.
The transport Sherman sails to-day for
Manila with a number of recruits and a
fullicargo of commissary stores.
The transport. I^awton is due Friday
from. Puget Sound.;
The transport Warren Is carrying' troops
between the islands of the .Philippines.
She, will get here, about Christmas.
The Harbor Commissioners m-et yester
day. The pay rolls for the month were
passed and some minor worts. was done,
after which the board adjourned: ¦ • . '•
William \\ r orrle.l, ;a' painter. wasVburried
aboard the transport. Sheridan yesterday.
He pot his -candle too' close tothe paraf
fine-paint. arid it exploded. He Vas treat-,
ed at the Harbor Hospital, by Dr. Bacl' ;
galupi. .,-:. . .' . . . v' .¦..•'¦. '•. •'¦•¦¦ : ¦'.'••¦¦¦¦. ; i
NEWS OF iTHE OCTEANv
Matters of Interest to.Mariners ; and
...;.'. .. Shipping-Mtrchants. -
. :Ttn» -: Pp-H Patrick, l.to' load wh.pat : for'EuV
rop<». has. been rechaiHf. ted ftiiiSa, prior .to, -arr
rival.' : J'. : \- '" -''.'y--' •'.• ;' : ' V; :. '.¦/•"•.'
Wheat Shipments.
• The French bark Toiiralne- cleared yesterday
for Queenstowh for •flraersiWlth, 48^89. ;ctls : bar
ley,"v»lu*d at. $47,500;' 12.744;Ctls wheat; - valued
at: $13,000;' and' 23,000 feet lumber dunnage, val
ued at $3.45. .Total value, :$C0,845. •":• •:.-. •-• ::•
A Cargo.. for.Sydney.
The Nlcaraguan ,-ba.rk' J.'- C. •, Efluger-; cleared
Tuesday for Sydney with the following cargo,
valued at $114,170: .-. -' •• '. ; '-. • •'. : -.'
•18.581 c« rQO.half ¦bbU-Salmon i: 7098: doors, 80
bbls oil; 60 kegs ; whlt«* lead, 2750 cs canned
Koodp-, -to ¦¦<;»¦¦ candy, 2^9.549 feet lumber,- 54 cs
hardware, -88,254 lbs hops. . ' • . ¦:...."-. -
Shipping; Intelligence.
, . •.-¦• . •; ARRIVED. . ;. ->..:•¦
:•¦ I;'';;-': .••••: '=.;•'¦: : :' - WVdnraday;^October' 31. '
• Btnir- Wijlahjetfe, Hahsen, . 85 'hours •. from
Seattle.' •"-¦." ' . ••• •-'.-•.¦. • '¦-' :' .¦ -.;•:'
¦ StRir.Luella, Madden; 18 hours from Caspar.
" S'tmr Ban Pedro. ' Zaddart,. 4«£; days from Se
attle.' .:-' • ••' :¦ ::.'¦ ¦¦"...¦-¦ :-•¦.;'; •:-•-¦;.¦.= j;
Stmr Del NOrte. 'Allen, 29 hours .from Eureka."
Stmr .Eureka, Jensen, -28. hours from Eureka. .
Btmr Samoa, Jarotfff, $3 hours •from Eurejta, "
¦ V S : stmr Albatross, Curtis, \froni.crulse. •.
• Bark. Qlympl.c, Glbbs; 14 <iay» froni' Honolulu.
Barge- Santa .Paula, .-Nielsen, 5S hours .from
San. Pedro; .ln-'-tow of-tugr Rescue. 1 • ¦ . : -
CAPTAIN JAMES MURPHY AGAIN ASSUMES
COMMAND OF CLIPPER SHIP SHENANDOAH
THE SAN FBANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, NOVEMBER 1, 1900.
IMOGEN.
(Miss Ellen Terry.)
Group A — (1) Cymbellne, (2) Imo
gen, (3) Posthumus. (4) the
Queen, (5) Cloten.
Group B— (6) IacMiuo (also Imogen
and Posthumus).
Group C— (7) Belarius and the two
Princes tconsidered as one ac
tion). .
solve from its own imperfections. The
problem of reconciliation now involves the
return of Belarius to his estate and of the
boys to their father. JBut before their de
parture two important events occur. Im
ogen in her flight from the court flniia
refuge in their cave and Is adopted, still
in mala disguise, into the primitive fam
ily. And Cloten, pursuing ine prinoesa
with evil Intent, enters the wo<>d ant! \a
slain by Guideriu3. The idyllic stats
serves the function ot mediation,, both
here and later, when Lucius cornea with
in Its bounds to find a page in Imogen,
but it Is not a permanent condition.
With the detth of Cloten at the begin
ning of the fourth act the movement to
ward reconciliation Is started. The queen,
fretting at Cloten's absence, lies ill it thu
palace. The battle, which occupies the
fifth act. affords the r-eans of reconciling
all the warring factors. The hunters'
world is at once absorbed when Belarius
and the boys Join the British forces in the
battle. Poison, self administered, de
stroys the queen. Posthumus repents of
his hasty action in requiring the murder
of Imogen, and Is then permitted to dis
cover his wife in the guise of Luclua'
page. Through the death of the evil mind
ed and the repentance of those who have
committed error, the kingdom .is again
established upon ethical grounds and the
play concludes in peace — concludes in tha
cor.dition.u-; with the word of "peace." The
climax and turning point of the action
occurs at the beginning of the fourth act.
A diagram will illustrate tho movement
of the separate characters.
The king suffers decline, owing to his
wife's supremacy, up to the middle of the
fourth act, when the queen 13 taken 111.
Imogen finds her first succor with Belar
ius in the third act. She Is mourned for
as dead In the fourth act, but recovering
from her swoon rises in company of Lu
cius. One line (7) may represent the
action of Belarius and the two princes,
for their destinies move together. Cloten
begins to fall when rejected by Imogen
In the second act. There is suspense In
the action of all during the fifth act, wait
ing the issue of the battle and the out
come of discovery. The lines of Pisanio,
Lucius and Cornelius are omitted from
the diagram-to avoid confusion; their out
come Is not Important to the play, though
the presence of Lucius Is needed to ex
plain the movement of the fifth act.
Comments.
1. "Cjrmbeline." is classed amongr the>
tragedies, but In view of the absence or
a genuine heroic character and from the
fact of the general reconciliation at the
end of the play, it is more properly
termed a comedy. The suffering: of the
characters leads not to death, but to re
pentance and safety.
2. The play is highly composite and its
threads of interest are many and intri
cate. The problem of the play was to
unite elements so diverse- as the Briton,
the Roman and tho Italian (a Frenchman.
a Dutchman and a Spaniard also have
place), to bring together an ancient his
torical event from Hollnahed (the conflict
between Caesar and Cymbeline) and a
modern romantic Incident from Boccassio
(the wager between Iachlmo and Post
humus). then to invent the story of tho
stolen princes and their flight to a wil
derness (probably an adaptation from
folklore), and further to provide for unity
through the mediation of a single char
?£ t . r c.{. Imoi?e ' n> - U can hardly b» saUI
that Shakespeare was entirely successful
iv. o e £°? 0mlZrn £ h! ? P 1 ? 1 or Justifying his
characters The Play has manifest Incon
gruities and impossible situations, and so
intricate- are the weavinga of the storieV
?£ J'h^fJh th 1 bu ,T den ot reconciliation
in the fifth act, that an impression of
heaviness and confusion is left in the
3. The moot defective part of the plav la
the prison »cen« of trm fifth act The
whole scene Is spectacular, and not essen
tial to the development of the action The
ghosts mumble an inferior dotrtrere! hard
ly consonant with the dignity of their rev
elation The Introduction of a p£!ph" cy
that only confuses and retards th« mov»
ment Is unjustifiable at that stage of tho
process. The conversation between
Posthumus and the jailers is irrelevant
ine words* of Jupiter, however, are ¦tron«
?hf a , V « PUrp °K e » and the function o?
the vision may be to emphasize tho ac
ceptance by deity of the act of repent
closely w th the other scenes of the act
to be explained as an interpolation.
4 The Importance of Imogen In the play
will b« more clearly understood If a rec
ord Is made of her conflicts and media
tions. A father denies her the right of
choice In the supreme personal Incident
of love. A stepmother antagonizes her at
every point and makes attempt upon her
life. A clownish noble pursues her with
sensual Intention. An Italian, skillful in
love intrigues, tempts her virtue. A hus
band comes to doubt and curse her and to
demand her life in revenge. She la not
certain of the pood faith of Pisanlo. Sh<»
Is forced to live In disguise with strangers
and to become a servant of an alien sol
dier. Through all these conflicts she
maintains her Integrity and thus becomes
the central flirure of the spiritual system
of the play. From her as a center pro
ceed the lines of repentance and restora
tion to all the members of the kingdom.
It is true that the play comprehends mnre
than her single heroisms and mediations
nevertheless she Is practically the sum
of its contradictions and the single agent
of resolution.
5. Pisanio, as a mediatorial agent, is
second only to Imogen. It is not given to
him to have a fate^ — fates In Shakespeare
are reserved for the noble torn — hut he
is In reality the only perfect character in
the play, always in his Judgments
and Just in his actions. When p»rplpxed
he appeals to the '"heavens" and his faith
is never rendered vain. As a servant ha
comes into the service of all the main
characters of the play and mediates
among them. Tet In the Shakesperean
order ne is worthy of neither rewards nor
punishments. It required another age to
discover the value- of Pisanloa.
OSCAR L. TRK3GS.
University of Chicago.
The play is named after Oymbellne. a
King of Britain at the period of the Ro
man conquest. In whose court and king
dom the chief scenes are laid. The action
depends upon the intrigues of Cymbe
llne's Queen to place herself and Cloten.
a eon by a former husband, upon the
throne. . The King is old and easily con
trolled by tho woman, whose strength of
character Is greater than hi9 own. At
her instigation he banishes Posthumus,
the accepted suitor of the hand o' Imo
gen, the King's daughter by a former wife
and the heir to his throne, and encourages
the suit of Cloten, which Is rejected by
Imogen with scorn and insult. The Inter
est of the play now centers In Imogen —
will she remain faithful to her banished
lord? Her fidelity is attacked on the one
hand by the King and Queen, who demand
her acceptance of Cloten, and on the other
hand by Posthumus himself, who lays a
wager respecting her fidelity with a vil
lainous Italian, Iachlmo. Imogen dis
misses Cloten and repulses Iachlmo, but
her trial is not yet passed. The vlllainy
of Iacbimo provides means of convincing
Posthumus of his wife's infidelity, and her
The Story of the Play.
CYMBELINE: A STUDY OF THE PLAY.
Copyright, 1900, by Seymour Baton.
THIRTY SHAKESPEARE EVENINGS.
THE CALL'S
HOME STUDY CIRCLE
7
AMERICAN CLIPPER SHIP SHENANDOAH HAVING A CLOSE CALL
; OFF' THE ' HORN. " THE FOG LIFTED ANQ IN THE MOONLIGHT
: THE LOOKOUT SAW THE DANGER. .'
Steamer. • I -Destination."! ¦ ' Sails, ,j:Pler. ..
Santa Rosa San Diego..... Nov. 1, 11 am Pier 11
Empire •...ICods.Bay...:.: Nov* 1, 4 pm Pier 13
Australia .. Tahiti........:- Nov.; 1,; 1 pm Pier '7
W. KrugerJOrayii Harbor Nov. 1, 5 pm Pier 2
Eureka .-, ... Humboldt...... Nov. 2, '9 amjPier' ;.. 2
'.. . Steamer, " ¦: ."-.¦¦ F T°" i; ¦',- ' -.• ¦' T>ue.
Htimbbldt ;..:: Skag.uar:.........;,v:....,. Nov,..l
Columbia .....: Portland.,;.; ;:.; Nov. 1
Coquille River. Grays Harbor...... .;..-.. Nov. 1
Tel lua .'.¦..' '•• Oyster Harbor ; Nov. 1
Iaqua .;,;'..:¦..:. Eureka: ...;.. Nov. 1.
Crescent City.; Crescent '.City X6v, 1
Point Arena.... Point Arena; 4 Nov.. 1
Coos Bay.*..... Newport. ...•.......*.....,.. Nov. : 1
Acapulcd- '.....t< New York...:;. ;..:.. Nov.- 1
Bergenhtjsi ..... China and JapAn. ........ Nov, 1
CznHha :...•...: Seattle ,-......, Nov.. 2
•AiUarice'. .'..:... Portland Nov.-. 2
Zealandla,-..,... Honolulu,....., Nov. 2
Pomona. . .'. .'. . '-• Kureka . . . . ; . . , . . .V Nov. 2
Cleone ..;...:;. TUJamook.:.. Nov.. 2
•Manauense' i.\. Comox. .. .;....; Nov. 8
Ohio V. 1 Cape Nome*..v •.".... Nov. • 3
Ualnler ......;. San redro:;.;.. ...;...;... Nov. 3
UniatlUa j; ; VJCtprla.. Nov.. : 3
Corona San DteBO., .;.. *...,. Nov.. -8
¦Hongk'ngMaru China and Japan....:.... Nov. ¦ 3
Matteawan .... Tacoma;.... Nov. .4
5onlta: ........: Newport...;:.............. Nov. / 5
JSureka -..»...». Humboldt..'.'.....i......:. Nov. S
O.AV.' Elder... Portland. Nbv. 6
Queen ¦......-.¦¦... Honolulu N6v.-6
North Fork ! Humbold t I Nov."
Walla W. ,. rvictoria... ..... Nov.
Coos H.*\y. . JXfr'wport Xov.-
Rainler . .".¦jfc-eattlo.: ,. Nov.
fsaelic .....)Chlna& Japan Nov.
Pomona ...jH.umboldt..... Nov.
Czarina ...[Sp.ittl* ..... Nov.
Bf-rKonlius . Chlna& Japan Nov.
Columbia .. Portland Nov.
Alliance ... Portland Nov.
Corona ...-. San Diego Xov.
l't.. Arena.'. Point Arena,. Nov.
Curacao ... Mrxlco.... '...'. Nov.
Umatllla .. Victoria (Nov.
Uonlta Newport [Nov.
2, 9 am Pl^r 2
2. 11 am Pier 9
3, 9 am Pier 11
3.
3, 1 pm PMSS
i, 2 pm Pier 9
4. 10 am Pier 8
4, 10 am Pipr 27
4; 11 am Pier 24
5. .¦ P'ler 2)
5, 11 a-m Pier 11
5. 2 pm Pier 2
7, 10 amlPtrr 11
7. 11 amlPior 9
7. & amjPler 11
C ITimel . ITIme Time Time
: £ I Ft. I Ft. Ft. Ft.
1 ... 6:47. 5.2 12:12 2.1 6:36 4.5..:..
f L \V . • H W) L. W H W
2 ... 0:41 l.i 7:30 5-14 1:40 1.4 7:50 4.6
.3 ... 1:33 1.4 8:10 5.7 2:2S 0.7 -9:00 4.S
4 ... 2:20 1.7 8:50 6.0 3:18 0.0 10:00 4.8
5 ... iM 2.0 9:29. 6.2 4:06 0.6 10:59 4.9
6... 3:W 2.31 10:08 6.3 4:55 —0.81 H. 54 H.8
7... 4=22! ?.6|l0t50 6.4 E:4S|-1.0|
'.. . Steamer, " ¦: ."-.¦¦ F T°" i; ¦',- ' -.• ¦' T>ue.
Htimbbldt ;..:: Skag.uar:.........;,v:....,. Nov,..l
Columbia .....: Portland.,;.; ;:.; Nov. 1
Coquille River. Grays Harbor...... .;..-.. Nov. 1
Tel lua .'.¦..' '•• Oyster Harbor ; Nov. 1
Iaqua .;,;'..:¦..:. Eureka: ...;.. Nov. 1.
Crescent City.; Crescent '.City X6v, 1
Point Arena.... Point Arena; 4 Nov.. 1
Coos Bay.*..... Newport. ...•.......*.....,.. Nov. : 1
Acapulcd- '.....t< New York...:;. ;..:.. Nov.- 1
Bergenhtjsi ..... China and JapAn. ........ Nov, 1
CznHha :...•...: Seattle ,-......, Nov.. 2
•AiUarice'. .'..:... Portland Nov.-. 2
Zealandla,-..,... Honolulu,....., Nov. 2
Pomona. . .'. .'. . '-• Kureka . . . . ; . . , . . .V Nov. 2
Cleone ..;...:;. TUJamook.:.. Nov.. 2
•Manauense' i.\. Comox. .. .;....; Nov. 8
Ohio V. 1 Cape Nome*..v •.".... Nov. • 3
Ualnler ......;. San redro:;.;.. ...;...;... Nov. 3
UniatlUa j; ; VJCtprla.. Nov.. : 3
Corona San DteBO., .;.. *...,. Nov.. -8
¦Hongk'ngMaru China and Japan....:.... Nov. ¦ 3
Matteawan .... Tacoma;.... Nov. .4
5onlta: ........: Newport...;:.............. Nov. / 5
JSureka -..»...». Humboldt..'.'.....i......:. Nov. S
O.AV.' Elder... Portland. Nbv. 6
Queen ¦......-.¦¦... Honolulu N6v.-6
Steamer. • I -Destination."! ¦ ' Sails, ,j:Pler. ..
Santa Rosa San Diego..... Nov. 1, 11 am Pier 11
Empire •...ICods.Bay...:.: Nov* 1, 4 pm Pier 13
Australia .. Tahiti........:- Nov.; 1,; 1 pm Pier '7
W. KrugerJOrayii Harbor Nov. 1, 5 pm Pier 2
Eureka .-, ... Humboldt...... Nov. 2, '9 amjPier' ;.. 2
C ITimel . ITIme Time Time
: £ I Ft. I Ft. Ft. Ft.
1 ... 6:47. 5.2 12:12 2.1 6:36 4.5..:..
f L \V . • H W) L. W H W
2 ... 0:41 l.i 7:30 5-14 1:40 1.4 7:50 4.6
.3 ... 1:33 1.4 8:10 5.7 2:2S 0.7 -9:00 4.S
4 ... 2:20 1.7 8:50 6.0 3:18 0.0 10:00 4.8
5 ... iM 2.0 9:29. 6.2 4:06 0.6 10:59 4.9
6... 3:W 2.31 10:08 6.3 4:55 —0.81 H. 54 H.8
7... 4=22! ?.6|l0t50 6.4 E:4S|-1.0|
North Fork ! Humbold t I Nov."
Walla W. ,. rvictoria... ..... Nov.
Coos H.*\y. . JXfr'wport Xov.-
Rainler . .".¦jfc-eattlo.: ,. Nov.
fsaelic .....)Chlna& Japan Nov.
Pomona ...jH.umboldt..... Nov.
Czarina ...[Sp.ittl* ..... Nov.
Bf-rKonlius . Chlna& Japan Nov.
Columbia .. Portland Nov.
Alliance ... Portland Nov.
Corona ...-. San Diego Xov.
l't.. Arena.'. Point Arena,. Nov.
Curacao ... Mrxlco.... '...'. Nov.
Umatllla .. Victoria (Nov.
Uonlta Newport [Nov.
2, 9 am Pl^r 2
2. 11 am Pier 9
3, 9 am Pier 11
3.
3, 1 pm PMSS
i, 2 pm Pier 9
4. 10 am Pier 8
4, 10 am Pipr 27
4; 11 am Pier 24
5. .¦ P'ler 2)
5, 11 a-m Pier 11
5. 2 pm Pier 2
7, 10 amlPtrr 11
7. 11 amlPior 9
7. & amjPler 11
WHITE COTTOLENE
makes delicious things whole-
some and wholesome things deli-
cious. "¦-. ..
If you are still using hog fat in
your cooking try a pail of
WHIT ECOTTOLENE,
and you will be surprised at tn*e
result.
¦The N.K.FaIrbank Company,
Cttraso-Sote lUnaf aetarers.
FREE I Our *»* n ty booktot
mailed f r»« to any addreas. For
one *c stamp »« Wai aend f rw oar
13ft pan recipe book, "Ho ma
The'- name of Sloss In this community
has been synonymous with honesty,
energy and ability for fifty years. This
guarantees, that M. C. Sloss; if elected,
will, fill the office of Superior Judge with
honor to the community and credit to
himself* . .".••• . . . . «i ¦ '.-¦-... .¦*.'
Pears 5
What a luxury Pears'
soap is!
It is the cheapest and
best toilet soap in all the
world.
All sorts of people use it, all sort* of it ores
sell it, especially druggists.
AMTJSEKTENTS.
ALF ELLINGHOUSE Prop, and Mgr.
PHONE SOUTH 770.
I Our Capacity Is Being Tested tothe
Ve-r-y Walls of This Bift Theater. At
Every Per'ormance People Turned
Away.
Sf«.t Sale Goes en With Gr^at Kapldity.
THE KING
OF THE . " '¦'. •¦•¦¦:. ; ,
OPIUM RING!
THE GREATEST SHOW ON EARTH.
Matlnte Saturday nn<i Sunday. :
EtcbIhc 15c. 2ic. 35c. ."''c an-1 TSc
Matlne* ..15c. 2>. J5c and 50c
Xert-"A ¦ TOUXO WIFE" ; y :
BEST FHOVT IX TOWN. PE?T PEOPLE IX
VAUDEVILLE.
DOLAN ANDLENHARR.PRELLE'S
TAI.KING DOGS. JOHNSON,
KIANO AND BENTLZY, HOW-
ARD AND BLAND, GEORGE
EVANS,
LES FRASETTIES. WORLD AND HAST-
INGS. PLAXCHE RING, LIZ-. • ..
7AK B RAYMOND. ¦'¦-.¦¦
R*r«-ri»i5 Featn. T'p; Balcony, 10c; Op«T».
Chsir* ar.fl Pox Pf-at*. f<v.
Mwtine*^ W«Hjn»5dar. Saturday und Sunday. ]¦
N^TT;— Owinar »n th» Ihuwtim d»mand for f^ats
STUAPT ROBSON
Ar<i h!f *irT"*"t!ne: f^mpany vM\ con-
OLIVER GOLDSMITH
ALL THIP WEEK.
Dccxcbnca fi-npat.
Anfl for th» fir«=t 3 NI'.HTS <~>V NEXT WEEK.
MATINEE THIS= RATtTROAT.
Prr-fpsFiora! MoTlr.** n»>xt W<"1n»-='1>iy.
N»xt Thurfiny and r^maind^r r>t w#«k,
"SHE STOOPS TO CONQUER."
Ffiart R'^^<I^n a* Tr.nr I/jmpkin.
TO-MGHT ANP FOR THIS WEEK ONLY.
ICATOCEE PATT-RPAV.
Th# Gr^at Rusp!an M'IMrama,
"i^OF* HER ?3A'.K.t£"
N*xt Bcaflay Afternoon,
C^ME. ANI> HAVE A LATGH WITH
"WHOSE BABY AKE TOU?"
I'F'jal Poj-iular Pri<~^i>.
| SPECIAL. I
TO-MORROW 'Friday! AFTERNOON
PKCOND EXPLANATORY RECITAL by
MR. WALTER PAMROSCH.
•T>IE WALKI'RF:."
M"r<lav Not. 5 "PJE^ERIEn" j
W^no^iay. Nov. T.."GOTTERDAMMERUNG**
PRIf'EP— {I 5fi. $1. V-r.
GRAND OPE PA HOl^r
MATINEES PATTRDAT AND SUNDAY.
LAST FOUR NIGIfTS.
G'l«?tf>'» Greatest of All American Plays,
SECRET SERVICE
T. DANIEL FTtAWLEY as LEWIS DCMONT.
Monday— "A DIVORCE COLONY."
EVENING TRICES. lOc. 1R<\ 25c. ROe
A F*w Front Rows In Orchestra. 75c.
MATINEE PRICES IOc l.%o. S5c, 5«»c
Branch Ticket Offlc* — Emporium.
FRIDAY AND PATTRPAT NIGHTS.
"A/DA."
BAREEKEPCHI, CAFTELLANO. PALASSA.
LUCENTI. POLET1NI. SCHUSTER.
= .
The Sensational Operatic Triumph. :
"CARMENV
TO-NIGHT. • Sur.day Nlrht. Saturday Matlrx**,
COLLAMARINI AS CAKMEN. :
Rummj. F'rrarJ. STIonMni. R»r"to, etc.
Week-"OTKELLA- "TROVATOnE,"
•CARMEN."
POPULAR PRICES ......25c and 80c
CHUT ES_an-» ZOO
EVERY AFTERNOON AND EVENINfl.
TO-NIGHT ! TO-NIGHT !
ALL STAR AMATEUR SHOW
AND
LADIES' PRIZE FLOUR DUCKING
CONTEST. .
:
Telephone for Seats. Park tl. ¦
iHEBMAN. CLAY & CV< HALL.
Dlmtien B. H. FRIEDLANCnn & CO.
TO-NIGHT AT S:!5 O'CLOCK.
LITTLE ENID BRANDT.
Tbe wonderful child artiia. In
riANO RECITALS.
Ezrh concert to iclude little Enld> marvelou*
feiit c£ MUSICAL TELEGRAPHY.
ALPO Thursday nfternoon. Nov. S. Saturday
»ff : noon. Nov. 10.
Prices, H, T5c We. fieats on we at Sner-
m*n. Clay &. Co.'« mus'lc store.
PI^rHFRN CONCERT HOUsc
Fourth act of "ERNAXir Faed, Franco,
A!i»*androni. Paerarl. Orando and Var*raa.
vocallctc. Jo« Hay« and Lunette.
Reserved Seats, 25c: Mat iriee Sunday. . ' •
•«i^^^ W For Appctite,HeaIthand Vigor
The Greatest of Malt Tonics,
A FOOD IN LIQUID FORM. ;
Invaluable to Nursing Mothers, Feeble Children, the Aged,
Infirm and Convalescent Uquz!!y Beneficial to the Well
and Robust For Sale by all druggists.
Prepared only by .
ANHEUSER-BUSCH BREWING ASS'N, St. Louis, U. S. A.
Brewers of the Famous Original Budweiser, Black end Tan, Faust, Michelob,
Anheuscr Standard, Pa!c L»rsr erd Anheuser-Busch Dark.
The law in Kew York allows tenement
houses a height of eighty-five feet— seven
stories and a baser*, "nt— when the first two
floors are fire-proof, <>nd 150 feet— twelve
stories — when fire-proof throughout.
AMUSEMENTS.
/fHEATREMV
T1IE ROMANTIC DRAMA.
NORTHERN
LIGHTS.
: EVERT NIGHT THIS WEEK.
MATINEE5 SATURDAY and SUNDAY.
SKATS N'OT\ T READY FOR NEXT WEEIC.
" LOST PARADISE,"
OLYMFIA WzZzMi
THE ONLY FREE VAUDEVILLE SHOW IN
. THE CITY.
PAMPLIN,
The Marvelous Australian Juggler.
EDDIE JJHACK,
The Boy 'Wtth the Buck-and-WInK Comedy
' . Feet.
:•:. MATINEE EVERY SUNDAY.
AMATEUR NIOHT EVERY FRIDAY.
ADMISSION FREE. {. '
.A ' . ¦ .-¦ *
O ; ;.. ; . • J
? H Natural Mineral Water I
? fe^S known f»r centuries and 4
O &§a Impo-ted o
? ONLY IN BOTTLKS. ?
o i$s&$k *"" Di "rd»r:d Stcnach t
2 jT '" _Z-_ S^Ita value has been test!- O
T r^rrrFf^-iafcr fied to by thousands. ?
± V ViGHY So-c»"ed Vichy In Sy- ?
® r Wl " 'jml^ m phons
o W&&£%< IS NOT VICHY - -' ?
* 'liSnSP GCt thC nenuine> - ?
?£b**J^^^ Ycur phyelclan ' 0
f A - VIC-.'JIER. Di.fihnU3gAgr.Bt °
•? o-»-o* o ? o-»o-»o ¦? o-*-o-*-o ? o* o*-o-»
T 2^^^^ BOTTLE tUnh^l
/ MCBURNEY'8 |
)%£• V$**§i kTiHnf\7 and8ladder a
/ V * CBp »viuney cure Eg
Tg\ tyw -*¦ thorough cure forH
fr\ \C pains In the back, H
V Jk BRICHT>S DISEASE, 1
3^^ 24 r J- female troubles, ineon-H
licence Of urine, brick dnst deposits, bed>H
-cectting of children, gravel, gall stones, Q
dropsy, diabetes, and rheumatism. |j
Tnousandi endorse it Write for teetimo-H
Dials. Price i\.-O. All DruirRistu. ||
W. F. McBurnpy. Sole Manufacturer, jb
418 South Spring St.. Los Angelea, CaL g
Avici-* OR- JORDAN'S anEAri
GF ANATOMY!
$ Q£ 1S511USZZT ST. tat 6±*7&, Z.r.C-JL d
T tf"^ Ths Lar^rn Anatomical Mt»«in in the \
m _j 1 JWU 1 _ " v "' c ' r| d Wciknc".<»» or any cumraclect m
T&T&l di-.-a«e prM«l»rlyc»mdt. y ihr.,lde«>
% fHMl Speaallitratht Coctt. Est36yean Q
4 fl^^l OR. «iORDA.*5"?R!VAT£ DISEASES 4?
\ ¥ STE^B Loi«ult»tion fr<-<: and itTi'tly pnrat- \
5 t JS^/H Trt itmcnt prr«onn!!y rr by Irtttr. A B
\ 3 W \l If otJne Curem every ca&e undertaken. T
Afu WSt Write for Book. pn<i.oa«>rav*r 4
"•if } T « UADRIACE, MAILED FftBa. <Af
* |J l£, valuable book (or oral \
7 f>It JORDAN A CO.. 1CS1 MarkptBt.S. F. Y
Price 23 cents. All druggists, or sent post
paid on receipt of price, .-DR. PAUL DK
FORD. 175 N. Spring St.. Lob Angeles. Cal.
YOTB FOR
Senate- ) ' . : ':^0 -^Vf.
Constitutiorial :
Amendment Np.15
THE SEVENTI1 AMKKDMENT ON '¦ ¦
THE TICKET— PROVIDING FOR THE .
PAYMENT GF TEACHERS' SALAR-
IES AX1J OBLIGATIONS DUE TO . f- * .
Merchants of San Francisco
DK. HALL'S REINYiQORAtOSaOfig
J"iv«- hundred reward for any p^ffp^M
r-.cp w « cannot cur». This fpcret B*™ "v^b
remedy stops all lo«pe« In. 24 hours, K ' ?*J
rurfs Kmi^inng, Imi",t*-ncy, Varl- PSW . Hpl
cctele. «ionorrho«i, Gleet; Fits: |5?Pl IvSll
Stiictures, l^.st Marho<.r) and .ill UphJ WT3|
nastlng effects fif sflf-abu^c. or f5«S Bar-5
excess**. Pent sraled. $2 bottle; 8. . BuMeRKHOl
brttles. $5: truaranteed to cure any cape. Ad- ,
arefs HALL'S MEDICAL INSTITUTE. 855 '
Broadway. Oakland, Tal. Also (or sale at 107SH
Market St., S. F. All private diseases quickly
cured. Send for free book.
Dr. Bennett's Electric Belt
Makes weak men and women strong and ¦trdne
men and women stronger. Rooms 5 and S...47
Post Bt.. S*n Francisco. Cal.' : '. . ' ¦
Weekly Gall $1.00 DerYear
ADVERTISEMENTS.
ADVERTISEMENTS.District. Mr. Henry said he was no poli
tician and was conducting his campaign
as a plain business man. Judge Robert
Ferral was among- those slated to speak,
and his remarks were, as usual, of a
humorous character. He decried the
trusts and the Republican platform and
gave many reasons why the German vote
should be cast for Bryan. He spoke of
W. R. Hearst and his organization of
Democratic clubs.
Gustav Mann recited in the German
language a poem entitled "The Strike of
the Blacksmith." His effort was greeted
with hearty applause.
Chalrman Hocks. Joseph T. ¦ O'Connor
and James E. Murphy, candidates for
Justice of the Peace, each made a short
speech. In which they pledged themselves
to administer justice fairly ana impartial
ly in the event of their election. They
were greeted with cheers at the close of
their remarks.
In the absence of Porter Asha, Chair
man Hocks addressed the meeting on his
behalf, asking the audience to send him
to Congress from the Fourth District J.
H. Henry was present to speak for him
seK, and gave his reasons why he should
be elected Congressman from the Fifth
GERMAN-AMERICANS torned out
in large numbers last night and
attended the mass-meeting called
by the German-American Central
Democratic Club at Metropolitan
Temple. The committee in charge of the
affair was composed of H. von Kousky,
A. Tillman and Theodore Pinther. The
meeting wai opened by Oecar Hocks,
president of the society, who spoke for a
few moments in the German language on
the necessity of the Germans of San
Francisco becoming members of the or-
ganization, which had been in existence
since 1868. He referred to the large num
ber of Germans in 8an Francisco who
would cast their votes for the Democratic
leaders and the announcement was greet
ed with hearty cheers. He introduced at
the olose of his introductory remarks W.
T. Hess, who discussed, also in German,
the Issues of the campaign. J. A. Dmery
was then called upon and soared skyward
in his denunciation of the trusts. He was
recalled to earth by the ominous silencti
that greeted his peroration. Tnere were
a number of candidates for local offices
, present and they were introduced by
C. A. Sweigert, a Young Attorney, Makes Deep Impression on Audience by His
Brilliant Address — Remarks of Speakers Enthusiastically Greeted.
GERMAN-AMERICANS HOLD
GRAND DEMOCRATIC RALLY
All , Souls' Day at St. Dominic's,
All Souls' day, will, be commemorated at
l „. . ._ ¦ .
A ~Ka.hr> Club Sleeting.
The Julius Kahn Republican Club of the
Thirty-first Assembly District held a rally
at Mullally Hall, 1117 Harrison street, last
night. William Walsh presided. Julius
Kahn, John G. Tyrrell. John J. Hourigun
»nd others delivered snort addresses. . ,
Lecture on Past and Present Africa.
Rev. F. G. Snelson will lecture this even
ing at. the Bethel A. M. E. Church, 1207
Powell street, on "African Mysteries, An
cient Royalties and Social Institutions."
He will speak of the past and present con
ditions of the natives and of his own per
sonal discoveries. There will be 200 views,
and the admission fee of 25 cents will be
for the benefit of the church.
Democrats at Mowry Hall.
The Democratic candidates will all be
present at a general rally at Howry Hall
to-night. Local affairs and the interests
of the local candidates will monopolize
the time of the speakers, the meeting
l#ing planned solely as a Jollification
meeting for the friends of the party's lo
cal nominee?.
Gaelic Social Gathering.
The social gathering that followed tha
routine business of the Irish Language
Society in Hibernia Hall last night was
enjoyed by the large number present. The
evening's Instruction was- directed by
Head Principals Daniel O'Brien and Wil
liam Desmond and a corps of volunteer
assistants, including Miss Minnie O'Leary,
M. K. Hogan, Miss Frances Barr, P. J.
Madlgan. Thomas Ward and Theodore
Lynch. The meeting was entertained with
bilingual selections from Moore's "Melo
dies" in Irish and English by-somo of the
members. Mr. Lawless rendered a bary
tone solo, "Erin, the Tear and the 8mil<s
in Thine Eye," followed by Joseph P.
O'Ryan.' who sang in a fine tenor voice
"The Boys of Wexford."
"OLIVER GOLDSMITH"
ENGAGEMENT EXTENDED
"King of the Opium Ring" Is Pack
ing the Alhambra — Enid Brandt's
Appearance.
The Alhambra Theater/ which gives the
So successful has the Stuart Robson
production' of "Oliver Goldsmith" at the
Columbia Theater proven itself to be that
the management has decided to keep It
on the bill for the first half of next week.
It will therefore be given up to and In
cluding a special professional matinee on
Wednesday next, and will then give place
to the charming comedy, "She Stoops to
Conquer." # I, . V'
The TivoII Opera-house has a fine draw
ing card etill In the "Carmen" of Colla
marini, which yet shows no signs of a di
minishing interest. The clever prima
donna will be heard next week- in
"Mignon." A fine revival of "Aida." with
Barbareschi. Salassa and Castellano, al
ternates with "Carmen."
• * •
"For Her Sake" is In its last nights at
the California Theater. There will be a
matinee on Saturday, and Sunday after
noon "Whose Baby Are You?" the latest
farce by Mark Swan, author of "Brown's
in Town," will begin a week's run. It is
described as an "effervescent ecstacy"
and is said to be Immensely funny. ,
"Northern Lights" Is doing good busi
ness at the Alcazar Theater this week.
Next week "Lost Paradise," a drama by
Ludwig Fulda, adopted from the German
by Henri C. De Mllle for the American
stage, will be the bill.
• ¦ • " * •
plaint Charging Him With
CONTRACTOR GRAY IS
ARRESTED AND RELEASED
His Divorced Wife Swears to a Com-
Abduction.
Mrs. Madge E. Gray has taken steps to
punish her divorced husband, George F.
Gray, the contractor, for adbucting her
daughter. Mildred, 9 years of age, last
Sunday while the child was walking with
her nurse on Pine street. Accompanied
by her attorney she visited the office of
Warrant Clerk Peery yesterday and swore
to a complaint before Judge Cabaniss
charging Gray with abduction. Her attor
ney first went to Judge Conlan, but he de
clined to take the case aa he had acted
in the capacity of attorney for Gray on
several occasions.
. An officer, was sent to Gray's office with
the warrant, but he was informed that
Gray would not be there all afternoon.
He returned with the warrant to the Cen
tral police station and shortly after 4
o'clock Gray, accompanied by Fisher
Ames, ¦' his attorney, called at the Central
station and surrendered. himself. He pro
duced a bond for $1000 with the Fidelity
and Deposit Company of Maryland for his
appearance, which was accepted by Judge
Cabaniss and he. was : promptly released
after being booked at the City Prison.
When asked if he had • any tiling to say
about his arrest he brusquely replied: t"I
have nothing to say," and his attorney
smiled.
PROCTOR TELEGRAPHS
FROM NEW YORK OITY
C. L. Paige of This City Receives a
Message From the Miss
ing Man.
George C. Proctor, who has been missed
from the Palace Hotel for several days,
has been heard from. He is in New York
City, where he went hurriedly in the in
terests of the Old Colony Mining Com
pany, of which he is president. Yester
day C. L. Paige, also a stockholder in
the company, who has offices In the Par
rott building, received a telegram from
Proctor stating that he was in New Tork
and that he would return to San Fran
cisco shortly.
The stock of the Old Colony . Mining
Company is largely subscribed to by
Eastern capitalists, and Paige stated yes
terday that Proctor Is in the habit of
making flying trips to New York and thus
accounts for his friend's mysterious dis
appearance. Proctor left this city last
Thursday or Friday and nothing was
heard of him until yesterday, when the
telegram was received. The office of the
mining company of which Proctor is pres
ident is*«hared with the Calustro Minine
Company. When Proctor so mysteriously
disappeared Palgo took charge of his af
fairs here.
Paige stated yesterday to a reporter that
he was sorry that Proctor's hurried de
parture had received such prominence In
the press, but admitted that it was a
careless oversight on his friend's part not
to have settled his hotel bill. He called
atthe Palace HoteJ yesterday and aettled
Proctor'a account. • ¦,;*_ »
St. Dominic's Church, corner of Bush and
Stelner streets, to-morrow morning at 9
o'clock by a solemn requiem, high mass, at
which there will be special music by an
enlarged choir. The celebrated C minor
"Requiem," by Cherublni, with the com
plete Dies Irae, will be sung especially
for this occasion. At the offertory J. E.
Veaco will sing a tenor solo, "Hostlas et
Preces." Dr. Mil ward will render a bary
tone solo, "The Trumpet Shall Sound."
The quartet consists of Miss LJly Roeder,
soprano: Miss E. N. McCloskey, contralto;
J. P. Veaco, tenor, and Walton Webb,
bass, assisted by the regular chorus.
Oriental fantasy, "King of the Opium
Ring," this week, ie nightly filled to Its
utmost capacity. The bill will be. con
tinued during next week and will be fol
lowed by "A Young Wife."
The Orpheum has a good programme
for the week, headed by Dolan and Le
narr, Prelle's marvelous talking dogs,
Johnson, Riano and BenUey, Howard and
Bland, and George Evans.
The fourth act of "Ernanle" is splendid
ly sung: at Fischer's House this
week by Sylvia Puerari, Pio Facet and
Cesare Alessandronl. The rest of the pro
gramme is unusually strong.
Little Enid Brandt, the child wonder,
to-night % makes her first appearance at
Sherman-Clay Hall. Much Interest in the
event is manifest In musical circles.
At the Chutes and Zoo the Congo fam
ily, Tess and her baby monkey, are all
week attractions, and to-night an all-star
amateur show is on the programme.
JUDGE LAWLOR CLUB
HOLDS A BIG MEETING
Itepreseatatives From the Districts
Enthusiastically Predict Large -
ZOajority for This Nominee.
The members of the Judge Lawlor Club
held a large and enthusiastic meeting at
Its headquarters In Pythian Castle last
evening. Ex-Judge Jeremiah Sullivan
called the meeting' to order. James Brltt
made a stirring Bpeech. He was followed
by James Kelly of the Twenty-third As
sembly District. Kelly stated that though
he was a Republican he felt it was his
duty to attend the meeting and to do all
in his power to elect Judge Lawlor.
Representatives of the different dis
tricts reported that they all expected to
see Lawlor, head the list In the contest for
Superior Judge. The meeting adjourned
to Monday, but until election day the
Lawlor Club headquarters will be open
event nlg"ht.
REPUBLICAN RALLIES.
Many Sousing Meetings to Be Held
in San Francisco To-Night.
Otto S. Wise, formerly of New York,
•will be one of the speakers at the Frank
lin Hall meeting to-night. He is credited
with being a very able and polished ora
tor. Several years elftce he was the Re
publican candidate for District Attorney
In New York. Eugene F. Loud, A. J.
Dannenbaum and Hamilton A. Bauer will
also speak.
George A. Knight, Eugene F. Loud and
Julius Kahn will be the speakers at the
Saratoga Hall meeting to-night, to be held
under the auspices of the Continental
League.
At the Potrero Opera-house E. Myron
Wolf. Julius Kahn. Richard J. Welch and
local candidates will speak.
There will be a rally at Stanford Hall,
at which E. F. TTeadwell, Maxwell Mc-
Nutt and E. Myron Wolf will apeak.
The Washington Square Hall meeting:
•will be addressed by John H. Nelson.
George A. Knight, Alexander Campbell
Jr. and. George C. Brown.
send to Congress a solid Republican delegation
of seven.
Mr. Fprd then continued to analyze the
Congressional contests. He spoke of the
men who had already been to Congress
and who wished to go again, and in that
connection he instanced the case of tho
State, of Maine in Congress. Maine, he
said, had but four Representatives when
he was in Washington, and California had
seven, but Maine had an influence in Con
gress second to none. The reason, he
Bald, was because Maine chose men of
sterling quality and returned them year
after year until them became patriarchs
among their Congressional fellows. One
was Speaker of the House; another was
chairman of the Ways and Means Com
mittee; a third was chairman of the Com
mittee on Naval Affairs, and the fourth
was chairman of the Committee on Public
Buildings. So should It be with Califor
nia. "We should, he declared, return good
men again and again until they became
powers In Washington, and can care for
the, interests of their State Intelligently
and fairly.
I have thought for a long time to find a
reason for the course of the Democrats and I
have come to believe that they seek a. change
of officers. And to secure this they have run
the gamut of issues from the money question
and protection and free trade to the trusts,
and then, all these falling, they cry out "Im
perialism." That, too. must fall. Imperialism
as defined by Mr. Bryan Is a pure and flitting
myth, th« final and despairing cry of impending
defeat. It would be ridiculous did It not smack
of treason. Its Iteration and reiteration in this
country Is echoed bj- the Filipinos' guns 6000
miles away. Is Bryan giving aid and/Consola
tion to the Filipinos? I can only refer you to
the attitude of Bryan to the insurgents. He
stands a self-confessed supporter of Agulnaldo
In his opposition to this country.
you whether you want a change or whether
you want the present condition of general
prosperity continued and advanced. Opposed to
It is the party of broken promises, of unful
filled pledges, of dlsproven prophecies, of ruin
and disaster. Its efforts have been futile, its
policies have produced misfortune and Its prin
ciples are inimical to the best -interests of la
bor. The Republican party offers you Its rec
ord of achievement. Its wide experience In gov
ernment, its beneficent commercial and Indus
trial programme, its transcendent ability for
the conduct of public affairs, and Its unques
tioned honesty and patriotism.
Tirey L.. Ford, Attorney General of Cali
fornia, was then Introduced. He wound
up the evening In a ringing speech in
which he said:
The glory of a nation is In Its young men.
The glory of the Republican party is Its high
ideals and purposes that keep with- it the
young men. The young men have ever been
the people's bulwark, the nation's pride, and
now in our country's crisis it is to the youns
men we turn to see to it that at the opening
of the new century our country Is facing
toward the dawn. It has been said . that the
nation owes much to Kan Francisco; and I say
San Francisco owes much to the nation. And
it is fitting that California's sons should lead
in the victory that means so much to San
Francisco and our own State. The young
man Is abroad in the State to-day, and he is
leading a movement that will find expression
in a tremendous vote that, south of the Te
hachlpi alone, will give us a majority of not
less than 5000. And In the Interior there are
those, who will help to raise this and help Cal
ifornia give a bigger majority to the head
of the ticket than it haa ever before given. I
think so far as the head of the ticket is con
cerned, it is all over but the shouting — and I
think the First Voters' Club will take care of
that.
But there Is another thing. California Bhould
ent and steadfast friend of free American labor
from the very moment of its birth. It is to
day the advocate of the most enlightened tariff
and of the most beneficial Industrial policy
that our nation has ever known. The history
of the last quarter century has proved that in
the maintenance of the Republican party In
power and in the continuance of the principles
for which it stands Is wrapped the fortunes
and destinies of this republic and the prosper
ity of the people.
Xo Issue can be of more importance than the
question of how the true Interests of labor
may best be served and how prosperity may
best be established and secured. Good business
makes cood Government. Why Is it that the
I'nlted Slates Is so far advanced beyond all
other countries in the condition of Its people?
Because, as a whole, work has been plenty,
wages good and the dignity of labor main
tained. What a difference between the Demo
cratlo free-trade administration of 1893-97 and
the present Republican protective-tariff ad
ministration. In 1S96, the last year of Demo
cratic power and of the free-trade Wilson bill,
the volume of money in circulation was 121 15
per capita. This has Increased every year since
Jjien, until to-dav the aggregate volume of
money Is $500,0CO,000 greater than it was in
When conelderlpg this subject it Is well to re
fer to the memorable campaign of 1S36.
It was the closing year of a Democratic ad
ministration under Grover Cleveland. Indus
tries were paralyzed. Factories were -closed
and labor was struggling against starvation.
The membra of the great army of the unem
ployed were crowding the streets clamoring for
admittance to the publlo soup houses. What
remedies' did our Democratic brethren offer?
In the Chicago convention the silver ring of
their party gained control and they offered no
other relief save the free and unlimited coin
age of Fllver at 16 to 1.
The Republican party pledged itself to restore
confidence and to provide tariff and money
legislation. Following the election of McKin
ley, as if by magic, the big republic awakened.
Confidence was restored. Furnaces were again
lighted, business was resumed, labor was em
ployed and the soup houses were closed. Loyal
tlonal prosperity of my native State and its ad
vancement to its proper position among this
great union of States, and because the suc
cess of that same party means opportunity in
the fullest sense of the word to young Cali
fornians.
Charles L.. Neumiller then spoke on
"Republican Pledges." He said:
SOME OF THOSE WHO AT THE RALLY OF YOUNG REPUBLICANS LAST
NIGHT DISpUSSED THE PRINCIPLES OF THE PARTY AND THE ISSUES
OF THE CAMPAIGN.
rHERE was as bright an aggrega
tion of young: men on the stage of
Odd Fellows' Hall Jast even
ing 1 * as could well - be got -to- :
gether, and right lustily did they
demolish the Bryan arguments. They
were the officers of the First Voters' Mc-
Kinley and Roosevelt Club and the speak
ers of the evening. Gathered to hear their
speeches was more than a hall full, and
the enthusiasm aroused by the speakers
was supplemented by the Rough Riders'
Quartet and a full brass band.
The proceedings were opened by the
"Rough Riders," who sang campaign
songs until the presiding officer of the
evening:. J. M. Mannon, president of the
First Voters, came forward to introduce
the speakers. In opening the evening"s
programme he made a few remarks In
which he spoke of the place of the young
man in peace and in war. It was- the
young man, he said, who is the hope of
the country in peace and it is the young
man upon whom the country rested in
time of war. It was so during the war of
the rebellion and It was eo during the
glorious victory Just won under a Repub
lican administration: and further, he said,
it ii< the young men who will govern the
territory newiy acquired. He spoke of
the reason's lor the organization of the
First Voters' Club, and said he took
pleasure in introducing the lirst speaker
of the evening. Carey Van Fleet. Mr.
Van Fleet was greeted with much ap
plause. He spoke as follows:
Ye; a few days and Mr. Bryan's pipe dream
wlJl be over. He will be rudely awakened and
then h« will flnd that all these specter ehapes
ot lrnDeri»ll«n and industrial feuds which
daunted his distorted imagination have vun
lshed like vistons of the night; thut his fan
cied res*mblanc<? to Abraham Lincoln .va* >mt
a trick ot his somnolent brain. Then perha.pi
he will change his brand and sink back into
the long, long sleep of political oblivion.
V.V have come into our rights as American
Fovcreigns, each one with his scepter, the
ballot. \\> survey the realm which is to be af
fected by the exercise of our sovereignty. We
fisd in our mi'Jbt health and happiness and
strencth and ptace. We find our homee filled
with a. measureless content. We find that th«
workinemen have no distracting cares, that
they have time to discuss the foreign policy of
\h* Govc-rr.mont as wt-ll as the home affairs;
whereas four v*>ars ago they only had the
hearts to contemplate their own desperate con
dition. We find great opportunity for young
men of the period in the opening up of our new
possessions by American enterprise "In the
building of mills, the opening of mines, the
construction of railroads, the extensions of
agriculture, the making of new fabrics, all un
dertakings of American enterprise." Then we
turn to the men who wish to direct the Gov
ernment of o-jr country in tnut for us another
fcur years. \\> find the Democratic leader ap
l-ca!inc*to the worst passions of the people,
sowirw the se«.<1s of envy and discord in the
hearts of his fellow men, creating class dis
tinction in th»Ir minds, not telling them to up
lirt their brother underneath, who may be
¦troRllng to reach an equality with liiem-
EeheB, but filing them to drag down their
brother r.-ho has made his way in the worM by
Cis we trust the maintenance of law ar.ci
order to that man who stood four years ago on
the Chleato platform which denounced the
Supreme Court of the United States as an ur
bltrary power, because it administered the
Inw of the land to protect live* and i>ror>erty,
who star.db for disorder at home and aisorder
abroad; who Is either as selfMhly arabitiou9 aa
Napoleon, that imperial freebooter, or as im
practical a theorist as Sir Thomas More, who
believed in th« freo coinage of lovo and affec
tion? Can we deliver ever the administration
of law and order In the. Philippines to Aguinal
«'.c fid his bani who fired on Amerle.va *l-1
tiurn without warning, because they lefused to
iAace the lives of a submitted enemy at his
UKICJ'T Can we commit the HbertK-s of Ibo
I",Iij'inos Into the hands of a dictator who loll
ed his brethren one by one vhen the;.' prove-d
formidable opponents to his power? We cannot
(!iaw back now and leave the Filipinos to their
own dtvices. History would say that thlr was
stranre conduct for a country that was conse
erat»<« ry nil Its antecedents to the cause cf
treeiom.
The I'r.ltM Sfates brought liberty to a people
unfamiliar with Its precepts and we will r.ot
U-av* it al'-.r.e to be the whim of the dictator.
So do not think those boys of ours died in vain.
We Trill see to it that the liberties and good
government which they gave their youn? Ilve3
to establish shall be secured and a fair struc
ture of free government and good laws shal!
ferine from that sanctified ground as If the pray
ers of those dying patriots ascending heaven
ward had suddenly taken on immortal outlines.
That is the paramount Issue in this campaign —
the lives of those American soldiers, and we
fwear it that wherever on th<? furthermost con
fines ot those Island the American flag floats
ov«r a rpot. purpl»d by the blood of an Ameri
can polaier. we will keep it there until God
raises the glittering 'band of universal brother
hood to take Its place.
The chairman then Introduced Hartley
F. Peart, who spoke on "California and
Expansion." He eaid:
Th» welfare of this great nation depends upon
a eound foreign policy, a sound financial policy
and the re-election of William McKinley. And
the future of our State lies in that party which
t-tands for expansion— territorial, industrial and
commercial.
There are people in the East who still think
of i.ur State as part of the wild and woolly
West. But to others California brings to mind
Enthusiastic Meetling* Held in Odd Fellows' Hall IJinidleiP the Allspices
- - ' of .the • Piirit *, .^te^ "
to its promises, th« Republican party ¦ estab-.
lished a protective tariff ana secured a sound
money basis, with tha reward that torday uur
prosperity is widespread and apundant. " . ¦
The Kepublican party pledges anew its fidelity
and allegiance to the protective tariff and
sound money, and as the pledges of 1696 were
carried out, eg shall the pledges of 1900 be
fulfilled. And when* the day of election comes,
look well to your ballot. Do not forsake for
danger and uncertainty that which is safe and
secure, and by your verdict sustain the flag
wherever an American soldier or an American
sailor has raised it. Vote for him who has
made you an American citizen all the world
over, Vote for that American citizen and
American patriot, William McKinley,
Isidore Golden was then Introduced. He
spoke on "Prosperity and the Republican
Party." He said:
The Republican party has been the consist-
1896. the per capita circulation being $26 78.
making an Increase of $5 50 p^r capita or an
increase of 25 oer cent. , : " : • ¦ •; ' .. ' ¦ '
•Wages' 'have steadily and rapidly : advanced
under the present Republican administration.
Vour years ago it is estimated that over 2,000,000
American citizens tramped the length and
breadth of the land pleading for work, but no
work was to b« had. To-day not only is there
work in abundance, but wages are higher tnan
ever before In the course of our history.
Are the American people going to refuse their
Indorsement ?• the Republican party because
It has accomplished these great results? Are
the people going to defeat the policies and the
principles which have been responsible for this
, remarkable and happy change for the better?
Are the people going to give their votes to the
party whose advent into power has always re
sulted In ruin and disaster, In misery and pov
erty? : - '
The Republican party In this election asks
•the land of flowers and eunshme, ' of the orange
and the olive— and the consumptive. But here
can also be seen the- direct result of the present
policy of exploitation and progress. Two new
lines of steamers have been added' to the fleet '
that has been crossing the ocean to the Orient. ;
To-morrow night a 3000-ton ship will paes
through the Golden Gate on Its initial trip to
the Society Islands. 4000 miles away. Another
great company will duplicate its steamers for
Australia, and more steamer lines will start
for new points in the Pacific. Another trans
continental road has laid its final stretch of
track to our city, and a third and a fourth are
beine talked of. Bryan would make our State
the jumping off place of the country'. He would
build a wall along our shores, lie would put a
silver lock upon our Golden Gate.
I am a Republican. like many of us here, no
doubt, first, by heredity end association, but
further. I, a Callfornlan. am a Republican be
cause the success of the Republican party
means the Industrial, commercial and educa-
YOUNG REPUBLICANS DISCUSS THE
WAYS OF BRYAN AND HIS CAMPAIGN
SENATOR PERKINS, who visited
many s<-ctior.e of the State on his
recent tcur as a campaign ppoak'-.
or, is confident that the Republi
cans will win every Congressional
district In California. Senators Bard and
Perkins spoke to vast audiences in the
Seventh Congressional Dis-trict, where J.
C. Ncedham Is making a vigorous contest
ior rp-electicn.
Eupene F. Ix>ud is making a splendid
carva«=s in the Fifth District. Large aud
iences assemble to hear him ppeak on the
Tipics of the campaign. To-night Mr.
Loud speak? at Saratoga Hall In this city.
Also at a meeting in the Thirty-seventh
¦Assembly District and at Stanford Hall
on Valencia Ftreet. He will address a
mooting under the auspices of the Army
and Navy Republican League at San Jose
Friday. The Republicans of Redwood
City will rally Friday nipht to hear him.
»xt Monday night Mr. Loud will ad
dress a mass mooting in this city at Na
tive Sons' Hall. Seventeenth street, be
tween Valencia and Guerrero.
A ppirited contest is progressing in the
Thirty-third Senatorial District (counties
of San Benlto and Monterey). Thomas
Flint Jr.. one of the ablest and pquarest
of public men. is the Republican nominee.
for the Senate. There will be a Republi
can mass meeting at Salinas next Satur
day night. Senator George C. Perkins
¦will ihen address the voters of that region.
A {Treat demonstration in favor of the
Republican ticket is. promised.
Robert Coriett, Republican nominee for
the Senate in the Seventh Senatorial Dis
trict (Napa and Lake counties), is making
a viporrms campaign. Four year? ngo the
district elected C. L. La Rue. the Demo
cratic candidate. All the signs point to
Republican vicjory in this campaign. Mr.
Coriett recently returned to Napa from
a tour of" Lake County and expressed
great confidence In the strength of Re
puMcan sentiment throughout the district.
The Republicans are making a gallant
struggle to cancel or diminish the ordi
nary Democratic majority in Lake Ccun
ty. The Republican nominee is sure of a
large majority in Napa County.
George R. Radcliff. Republican candi
date, for re-election to the Assembly in
the Fifty-third District (Santa Cruz
County.* Is conducting a vigorous cam
paign. Two years aj,-o he whs tlected by
a. plurality of <2"3. He should be re-elect
ed by an increased majority, as he made
a clear, record In the Legislature. He
carefully guarded the Interests of his
county and at all timeF gave attention to
his legislative duties. The bosses at Sac
ramento soon ascertained that they could
rot direct Mr. RadeUfTB course in tha
Legislature or swerve him In the slight
est degree frora the path cf duty to his
constituents.
It is inside gossip in Democratic cir
cles that Mayor Phelan. who went south
en a speaking tour with Chairman J. C.
S:rn« of the Democratic State Centra!
Committee, wants to make one speech hi
Fan Francisco under the auspices of th^
party. One faction of the committee la
In favor of giving: Phelan a night, but
another faction fears a. "rough house" on
account of the Mayor's intense unpopu
larity in the city. Candidates on the Dem
ocratic ticket are alarmed, fearing that
Phelan may say something' In their fa
vor If he is permitted to speak.
It is generally conceded bv leading
Democrats that Bryan Is already beaten,
hence It Is argued that the Mayor's in
dorsement of the national ticket ought
not to provoke an uproar of indignation,
but the case is different with the local
nominees, as some of them hope to win
out. Bert Schlesinger, for example, nom
inee for the Assembly In the Thirty
eighth District, is counting on his com
bination with Eddie Wolfe to assist him
In his flglit against R. W. Roberts, the
Republican nominee. As Mr. Schlesinger
Is a warm Phelanite under cover he Is
apprehensive that the Mayor may un
cover him. Thomas E. Curran Democrat
ic nominee for State Senator in the Nine
teenth District, is another of Phelan's
fc-pecial pets.
Great Victory Is Certain.
Success in Every con
gressional District ¦ t
Assured. ,
REPUBLICAN
CAMPAIGN IN
CALIFORNIA
CELEBRATE THE UNION
OF TWO CHURCHES
Procession of Three Thousand Minis -
ters in the Streets of
Edinburgh.
EDINBURGH. Oct. 31.— The formal
union of the Free and United Presbyterian
church, decided upon yesterday at ths
Joint meeting here of the Free Church
Assembly and the United Presbyterla;
Synod, was consummated to-day. Tha
members marched from the respective
halls to the Waverly market and held the
first meeting of the United Free Churcn
of Scotland. Large crowds witnessed tha
procession. Rev. Albert Robert Ralney.
D.D., was chosen moderator of the United
Free Church.
The scene at "Waverly market was strik
ing,- though marred by rain. Some 3u00
ministers took part In the procession ani
dense crowds along the routs cheerel
them repeatedly.
The hall where the uniting act wa3
signed was draped with crimson and yel
low and liberally bedecked with flags used
by the covenanters.
The Earl of Aberdeen. Dr. Parker, Rev.
John Watson (Ian Maclaxen) and dele
gates from Canada, Australia, Jamaica.
Africa, France and elsewhera partici
pated. '
The small minority which opposed ths
union met In a separate hall to-day and
constituted themselves a free church as
sembly.
KANSAS CITY SOUTJbLEKN
TO BE RUN" ON ITS MERITS
President Knott Is Entirely Satlsfac-
tory to the Management and
Will Be Retained. " •
NEW YORK. Oct. 21.— The Mall and Ex
press says: One of the new members of
the Kansas City Southern voting trust
said to-day that there was no Intention
of operating the Kansas City Southern in
connection with any of the Southwestern
systems that have taken a financial In
terest In it.
"It will be conducted strictly on Its
merits," he said. "Those who have re
cently be«n In control of the property
have been disposed to conduct It In rather
a reckless manner and to make it profit
able as a rate-slasher In Southwestern
traffic affairs. . "What Is proposed now is
to maintain rates by means of the Kan
sas City Southern and not to shatter
them. President Knott Is entirely satis
factory to this management as an operat
ing man."
It Is learned that John "W. Gates Is
likely to maintain his Interest In the road.
Resumes Payment of Interest.
CARACAS, Venezuela, Oct. SL— The
Venezuelan Government has decreed the
resumption of payment of Interest on all
debts and loans from November.
SIAYFIELD. Oct. 31.— A rousing Repub
lican rally was held here to-night under
the auspices of the Mayne'.d and Stanford
University clubs. Professor Tracy, presi
dent of the local club, called the meeting
to order and Introduced R. P. Cross of
Stanford University, who spoke on the
Philippine question.
Hon. E. F. Loud was then Introduced
and he made a rousing address. He said
that the duty of voters was clearer at this
election than ever before. The Demo
cratic party of Bryan is as much worso
than the party of Cleveland as It wer*
possible for man to conceive. Free trade,
he said, wa? good in theory, but was Im
practicable. Statistics showed that the
three and a half years, of McKinley's ad
ministration had been the most prosper
ous by far of any period in the history of
the country. The people had far more
sense than Bryan pave them credit for.
as would be shown. on election day. He
continued:
The Congressional Record shows that tha
Democrats themselves forced the late war us<>n
the country. Urjan declared at first he would
haul down the American flag in the Philip
pines. He> has since been silent on that point.
Perhaps he remembers the fate of "Para
mount" Blount. who hauled down the flag in
Hawaii, ami ia never beard oj now on that
account. Br>an is helping to keep alive the
rebellion in the Philippines by hts encourage
ment and mcral support. The Idea ot compar
ing Agulnaldo with Washington is ridiculous.
E. Myron Wolf was then introduce'!
and made a rapid and forceful speech.
As a graduate from the University of
California he said he wished to aid the
Stanford University amendment and thai
grand woman who had done and was do
ing so much for California.
"See to It." said he, "that Congress 13
with McKinley and return Loud to Con
gress. He Is the most influential man
from California in the House, since he baa
been there for ten years. The Democratic
National Convention was controlled by
bosses as no other convention ever was.
Croker. Jones and Van Wyck^are amon£
the worst bosses In America,"
J. S. Torrence, Republican candidate fop
Assembly, called the attention of voters
to the Stanford amendment, and wished
It to be understood that he strongly fa
vored It. If elected, he said, he would en
deavor to do away with the tax on uni
versity property, as the amendment pro
vided the Legislature shall do.
Vern Tracy and W. A. Morris of Stan
ford University also spoke in favor of the
Stanford amendment. The necessity of
allowing the university to receive prop
erty by will was emphasized.
Many Stanford students wer* present
and the ITnlverslty Band and Stanford Re
publican Glee Club rendered several selec
tions which were loudly applauded.
University Clubs AtteM m
-Rally and CHeer toe -M
Speaker's Rousing
Address.;^
LOUD TALKS
TO STUDENTS
AT MAYFIELD
MAGNITUDE OF THE REPUBLICAN VICTORY WILL
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, NOT EMBER 1, ; ayw.
The speaker of the evening was C. A.
Sweigert. who followed the recitation, In
a semi-humorous style he treated the
Issues of the campaign., his witty remarks
being greeted witn hearty and prolonged
applause. Several times be essayed to
bring his remarks to a close-, but was In
every case Invited by the audience to "go
on." His remarks on the trusts and Me-
JClnley and Roosevelt caused much laugh
ter. He closed his speech by eulogizing
the Democratic leaders.
The meeting closed with three cheers for
Bryan and Stevenson and the rendering
of patriotic music by the band.
8
Vote for Thbs. F. Graham for Judge of
the Superior Court. /•--;. •
Mr. Joseph > T. O'Connor/Democratic
candidate for Justice of the Peace, has
the experience and ability to decide a case
on its merits. He has the courage to rule
in accordance with his convictions. *
• .-,¦
TO-NIGHT! TO-NIGHT!
TTTT TTT/N
JULIUS
KAHN
RATIFICATION
MEETING!
Under the Auspices of the
Business Men's Julius
Kahn Club.
Prominent citizens from both political parties
will address the meeting.
JULIUS KAHN WILL ALSO SPEAK
The Park Band will furnish music
The best quartet In the city will render topi-
cal sonss.
YOU are Invited! Erin* your ladles uad
friends. Ushers will seat you.
METROPOLITAN TEMPLE,
THURSDAY EVENING,
November 1st, at S O'Clock.THE CARDS BODE ILL FOR THE DEALER.
L. & M. Alexander, agents Smith Pre
mier Typewriters, received telegram from
their Portland branch office reading as fol
lows: "Just sold Portland Evening Tele
gram eight Smith Premiers. Several other
machines* In competition." ; ~? •.
Eight Smith Premier Typewriters.
CHICAGO. Oct. 31.-The culmination of
the October pork corner, controlled by Sir
Thomas Lipton, came to-day when pork
for delivery this month advanced $3, ris
ing on less tnan a dozen trades from $17.
yesterday's closing price, to $20 at the
close to-day.
The buying was by shorts, who had held
off until the last moment. It was said that
Sir Thomas could have made the price
$100 as well as $20, but he declared he had
no intention of "squeezing" anybody. That
the October deal did not furnish greater
excitement to-day was due, It is sajd. to
the fact that many shorts, threatened
with being swept oft the board, were pre
viously allowed toiflx up their deals with
Lipton : privately.
As a result of his deal here Lipton Is
believed to have made $350,000. . There were
only 35,000 barrels of pork that could be
delivered and the Englishman owned them
all, as well as twice that number bought
from those who did not have a barrel to
deliver when the time came. When the
price reached $16 some time ago the ma
jority of . shorts thought it time to buy
some of the pork they had contracted to
deliver at approximately $11 per barrel
during October. Numerous private settle
ments are said to have been made, so that
while ; the bear speculators in pork have
received some painful financial injuries the
Injuries have not been mortal. A prelim
inary settlement; of 1000 barrels .was made
near the end of , the session, Upton's rep
resentative allowing a- belated short to
take that amount at $1S per barrel, assur
ing the buyer 'that at: the close the price
would be $20. • That he knew whereof . he
spoke was made plain to everybody later,
for - as the closing bell sounded Samuel
Wolf was shouting bids of $>0.
Sir Thomas Lipton" Makes
a Good Profit Out of
the Deal.
SHORTS BUY
UP THE PORK
PLYMOUTH. Ind., Oct. 31.— Adlai E.
Stevenson, Democratic candidate for Vlca
President, addressed a large meeting here
this afternoon. He spoke for two hours,
dealing mainly with the trusts. Mr.
Stevenson was followed by E. W. Barker
of Oregon in a brief address.
Stevenson Talks of Trusts.
This evening the greatest political rally
of the season was held In the pavilion.
The spacious hall was crowded to Its ut
most capacity. Fully 3000 persons heard
Governor Gage speak. The chairman of
the meeting was Thomas H. Selvage, can
didate for State Senator.
EUREKA, Oct. 31.— A steady downpour
of rain interfered somewhat with the pro
gramme arranged for the reception of
Governor Gage, but did not dampen the
ardor of the Humboldt Republicans. They
came from all parts of the county on ex
cursion trains to meet the Governor. The
steamship Pomona, carrying Governor
Gage, crossed In at 8 o'clock this morning
and steamed slowly up the bay. She was
met by the st«amer Antelope, on which
was a delegation of leading citizens, ac
companied by the Eureka band. ¦ Both
vessels were gayly decorated with stream
ers and bunting. At the wharf a dense
crowd awaited the landing of the steamer
and repeatedly cheered Governor Gage. A
committee consisting of Common Council
Chairman Bull and Secretary Gregor of
the County Central Committee, Senator
Gillette, J. M. Vance and J. W. Hender
son formally welcomed the visitors. In
the afternoon a reception was held in the
parlors of the Vance Hotel.
Demonstration in Honor of the Exec
/ utive's Visit
EUREKA'S GREETING TO GAGE.
PRETORIA, Oct. 31.— Intelligence has
reached here that Commandant General
Botha is marching with a strong force to
Invade Cape Colony near Kenhardt, where
it is said the Irreconcilable Boers are
ready to join him.
LONDON. Oct 31.— A belated dispatch
from Pretoria tells of the failure of Brit
ish negotiations with General Botha for
the surrender of the Boers. Botha re
ceived General Pa&et's flag of truce cour
teously and admitted his defeat, but said
it wa£ impossible to treat for surrender
as long as any burghers wished to con-
U President a Bteyn was Irreconcilable. He
refused even to see the bearer or a flag
° Another long casualty list has been re
ceived by the War Office. Lieutenant Lord
Grosvenor was wounded in the right tnign
during the fighting at Bethlehem.
"Cecil Rhodes," says the Pretoria cor
respondent of the Dally Mail, "will oppose
the settlement of Boers In Damaraland
but he will welcome them to Rhodesia and
will grant favorable terms after the war
to induce them to settle there."
MARSEILLES, Oct. 3L— The Kruger re
ception committee has issued an invita
tion to the population to participate In the
reception to President Kruger. but to "ab
etaln from hostile actions or words to
ward a nation friendly to France,"
HAMBURG. Oct. 31.— The provincial
court has laid an embargo upon bar gold.
to the value of 2.500.000 marks which ar
rived at Cuxhaven to-day on the Imperial
Mail steamer Bundesrath from Delagoa
Bar. This etep was taken, It Is alleged,
Says He Cannot Treat for
Peace While Burghers
Wish to Fight.
BOTHA MARCHING
OH CAPE COLONY
The Hamburgische Boersen Halle, how
ever, denies a rumor th.U the gold was
shipped by Mr- Kruger.
for the? purpose of reimbursing Insurance
companies here for gold withheld by the
Transvaal Government during the war.
town. Ruef whistled In surprise and I
clapped a hand over my watch and hur
ried into the cafe. Abe came along more
leisurely and saw the two bosses Join their
two friends. Buckley and O'Connell. If
any one imagines there was net something
doing in the vicinity of the SL George
stables that day he shows a confidence in
Kelly and Rainey that the men who know
them best do .not possess.
"As we went on Into Norman's Ruef
said, 'Well, did you ever see a prettier
bunch than that?' I replied: 'It is Just
what was to be expected. Kelly never
could keep anything from Rainey, any
way.' Lucius Solomons came In a few
moments later, and when we told him
what we had seen he said, "That is what
we have to expect from men like Kelly.' "
J. II. Nelson, the Republican nominee
whom Kelly and his henchman Buckley
are willing and anxious to defeat, is a
capable man. with a good record. The
fact that Kelly and Rainey are leagued
to defeat him ought to cause self-respect
ing Republicans and Democrats to rally
to his support, and tho indications are
strong that {hey will do so and will re
buko tbe meddling bosses by the defeat
of O'Connell, who Is by no means an Inno
cent victim of their blighting friendliness.
Th<» rally at Metropolitan Temple t«
r.Ieht under the auspices of the Business
?.!*n's Julius Kahn Club will be unique
emong the meetings of the campaign. It
•will he a public tribute from th<» best
Vno-w-n business men of San Francisco to
the ability with which Congressman Kahn
has served nis constituents during his
term In Congr««s.
A. A Watkins will preside at the meet
ing. Addresses "will be made by mem
f>ers of the club. Congressman Kahn and
rthers. Good music will be rendered.
BTTSIUTSS MEN'S KAHN
CLUB RALLY TO-NIGHT
A- A. Watkins to Preside at the Meet
ing at Metropolitan
Temple.
MARTIN KEL.LT, barroom boss,
convention orator and protege
of Herrin. has joined . forces
with Sam Rainey. his proto
type of the Democratic end of
disreputable politics, to defeat the Repub
lican candidate for State Senator in the
Twenty-fifth Senatorial District. Kelly's
henchmen In that district are knlilng J.
H. Nelson, the regular Republican nomi
nee, and exerting every effort to elect J.
J. O'Connell, Rainey's candidate origin
ally and now the Ralney-Kelly-Herrln
candidate.
This bit of characteristic political trea
son on Kelly's part has been pretty well
understood for some time among Nelson's
friends In his district. Monday an inci
dent occurred which illustrates the close
relations existing in this campaign be
tween the bloated bosses of the opposing
parties. While the leaders are thundering
denunciations and straining every nerve
to win on the great national issues In
volved these two unspeakables compla
cently plot together to control local pa-
tronage, each regardless of the effect on
his party's interests in general. Alfred
Bouvier saw the evidence of Kelly's trea
son and for a time called back his
thoughts from grand opera heights and
gloated over the spectacle before him.
"Abe Ruef and I were on our way to
Norman's for lunch Monday a little after
1 o'clock." Mr. Bouvier said last night.
"As we turned up Bush street from
Kearny I was holding forth on things
theatrical and operatic, when Ruef sud
denly Interrupted me with, 'In the name
of all that's holy, look at that!' And he
pointed to the opposite corner, and there
stood 'Eddie' Buckley and 'Jack' O'Connell.
Buckley 13 a member of the Republican
State Central Committee and ought to be
working for the election of Nelson. But
Ruef knew Buckley was- plotting secretly
to defeat Nelson, and here he was caught
in the very company of Nelson's opponent
and In an attitude of confidential relations
that was very apparent.
"Ruef had not stopped his ejaculations
when a greater wonder met our. gaze.
Standing- just Inside the St. George sta
bles, near the office door, were Sam
Ralney and Martin Kelly himself. If that
picture were gilded and put in a frame it
would make the fortune of any saloon in
Bosses Leagued Against J. H. Nelson, Candidate for Senator From the
Twenty-Fifth District, Who Has Support of Decent Element.
The Board of Education made six as
signments yesterday of teachers from the
substitute list to regular positions in the
department, and. as was foretold in last
Sunday's. Call, the name of Mrs. Irene D.
Reeves was not among the lucky ones,
though following the chronological order
she should have been selected. Mrs.
Reeves has incurred the wrath of the
board because ehe declined to withdraw
her suit, now pending In the Superior
Court, in which she seeks to-be restored
to her high school status from which she
was recently removed.
Chairman Mark takes exception to the
accusation made in this paper that the
board had sought to coerce Mrs. Reeves
Into withdrawing her suit under penalty
of not receiving an appointment if she
did not do so. Mark, however, himself
proved the truth of the accusation yes
terday when ho repeated his former dec
laration.
"As soon as Mrs. Reeves withdraws her
suit she will get an assignment," said
Mark. "We will not appoint her. how
ever, until her standing In the depart
ment has been determined by the court."
With the exception of Mrs. Reeves the
priority of service rule governed in the
six assignments, which were as follows:
Mrs. K. Turney to the Chinese Primary
Mrs/'N. T. Foley to ' the* Bernal -Primary
SC Mrs > .' H. B. Steele to the Hearst Grammar
School.
Miss J. Frank to the James Lick Grammar
during the leave of Miss A. D. Mlle>\
M!bs I* O'Connell to the Pacific Heights
Grammar during the leave of Miss C. Thomp-
MI.18 C. Carroll to the John Swett Grammar
Behool.
Miss M. A. Rollins was transferred from tha
Bernal to the Buena Vista School (new class).
The board will have some trouble In ex
plaining its appointment of Mrs. H. B.
Steele to the Hearst Grammar School.
Mrs. Steele was a special teacher of his
tory, having been appointed as such on
February 27 1805. Her position was abol
ished In August. 1900, and she was elected
Into the department as a regular teacher
In the same menth, which fact was re
cently published In The Call. It is con
tended that the chronological order of
Mrs Steele'a appointment dates from her j
election as a regular teacher, and not
from her appointment as a special
teacher. .
Misa M. A. Harrlgan, who was elected
into the department in 1871, also failed of
assignment. She was placed on the sub
stitute list at her own request. The rea
son given is that Miss Harrigan does not
desire to accept her assignment to a
grammar grade In the James Lick School, i
i A resolution suspending Section 52 of the
rules was repealed, which will have the
effect of restoring the substitute list to
the original number of fifteen teachers.
A communication was received from
: Mayor Phelan which contains a petition
; that the Ell Hochstadter bequest, which
now amounts to $1500, be used for the
benefit of the Home for Aged and Infirm
Colored People, a duly Incorporated char
itable organization. The bequest was
made by Hochstadter to be used by the
Board of Education in distributing prizes
to colored children In this city in com
petition against each other in scholastic
ability. • The board is of the opinion that
the money cannot be used for the latter
purpose, as in some classes there Is but
one colored child, which would prevent
any competition. The matter was taken
under, advisement.
¦ Superintendent Webster entered a formal
protest against the fixing of the salaries
of ; the i principals cf the Falrmount and
Burnett; schools at $135. Webster stated
that he 'had declared the two schools to
be grammar schools, and as such the prin
cipals ' were entitled to $175 ' each. The
board declined to accept the grammar
rating of, the Superintendent . on the
ground that th^ attendance did not reach
250. .In the face of this course Webster
calls attention to the fact that the Wash-
BOARD OF EDUCATION WILL NOT
ASSIGN MRS. REEVES TO A PLACE
lngton Grammar School has an attend
ance of only 224. but the grammar rating
still holds.
Miss Nellie O'Loughlin -was finally ap
pointed vice principal of the Horace Mann
School. Denman mad« an effor; to have
Miss Jessie Smith selected for the place,
but his motion was lost. His was the
only vote registered asalnst Miss
O Loughlin's appointment. Principal Sim-
mons desired to hare J. B. Sykes appoint
ed to the place on the plea that a man
vice principal was required In the school
but Sykes' name -was not even presented.
Leaves of absence were granted to Miss
J. Blum, Mrs. J. Wallace and Miss Jessie
Smith.
Miss R. Stack. Miss M. Nolan and Mlsa
M. A. Wright were placed on the sub
stitute list.
MARTIN KELLY PLOTS WITH RAINEY
TO DEFEAT A REPUBLICAN NOMINEE
subsequent entries were at the rate of $2 59
per day. That tho payments for the same wera
made to the superintendent in stops and pre
sumably by him to the parties employed. In
this manner there was paid to one individual
for plumbing $15,239, and to another for car
penter work J12.4PS. That there was no list of
names given of carpenters employed, the bill
stating the number of men employed, also num
ber of days' tvork, the amounts for which were
naid in gross to the head carpenter and pre
sumably by him paid to the parties employed.
That the rate of wages for said carpenters was
S4 per day prior to March 25. 1892, and at the
rate of U 50 per day subsequently. That the
W6«es of the head carpenters which had been
$4 SO per day, had lately been charged at the
rate of S3 per day. That for these changes in
rates of wages there w,is no authority Riven
by action of the board as shown by their min
utes of meeting. The term of the present Com
missioners expiring within less than two
months of the receipt of th« expert's reoort.
it would have been useless to have brought ac
cusations for their removal from office.
An examination of the books of the New City
Hall Commissioners of 1892 shows the same
have br.n kept in a negligent and unbusiness
like manner; the rough minutes kept In pencil
not containing items of business said to have
been transacted, and for which demands had
been audited and paid. Although, tho examina
tion made by the expert of the Grand Jury was
in the latter part of October, 1S32, the perma
nent or written records were only up to May
2. 1S32. From our expert's report we find the
following: That on August 29. 1891, the pay of
laborers was $2 per day, but. that all other
and faithless public servant. The Grand
Jury severely censured the Commission
ers for neglect of duty. - The fact is they
narrowly escaped Indictment. As they
had but a short time to serve when the
Investigation was made, extreme meas
ures were not recommended In the report.
Wolfe as secretary kept the books of the
Commission, and here is the report of
the. Grand Jury on his method of keeping
accounts.
THE citizens of the Twenty-first
Senatorial District, Thirty-seventh
and Thirty-eighth Assembly dis
tricts, are again reminded that
E. I. Wolfe's record in the
Legislature was not creditable. He did
not endeavor to represent the tax payers
and other good citizens of his constitu
ency. He accepted orders from the bosses,
not only In the Senatorial contest, but
first, last and all the time. His ecent for
the stuff was regarded as the keenest in
Sacramento. When the prey was In sight
Wolfe was ravenous. His associates on
th«» floor suspected that he cared more
for plunder than for principle, and his
attitude toward several suspicious meas
ures of legislation was closely watched.
As secretary of the New City Hall Com
missioners, Wolfe was an Incompetent
. - ¦ — • ¦ -9 • - — — ¦ - • ¦ ¦ - .
As Secretary of the Board of New City Hall Commassloners lie Was Found, by
the Expert to Be Notoriously Negligent and Incompetent.
GRAND JURY REPORT ON OFFICIAL
MISCONDUCT OF EDWARD I. WOLFE
THE McNab-^fcelan Democratic or
ganization is making use nf the de
partment of patronage of the city
Fnvernment la its flpht to secure
the election of Thomas E. Curran.
the "Phelan organization" candidate for
?ta:e Senator in the Nineteenth Sen
atorial District. Richard Welch, the
Republican nominee. Is a strong: candi
date, and the Democratic leaders are not
stepping at fair meens to accomplish his
defeat and the election of a man who will
deliver Phelan a vote for United States
Senator.
John H. Grady, the reformer, a member
cf Mayor Phelan's Fire Commission, and
who along with the Mayor has made
greatest pretensions of a determination to
keep politics out cf the Fire Department,
has been making an active personal can
vass for Curran. He has been bitter In
his opposition to Welch and has gene so
far as to shower personal abuse upon
friends of the Republican candidate.
Grady and Curran have been making
th6 rounds of the district together, and.
they have not failed to visit every engine
house in the district. While open threats
have not been made, the firemen in those
engine-houses understand perfectly well
that their influence must be used for Cur
ran. Thar.ks to the secret ballot, their
own votes cannot be controlled by the
Democratic organization. Dick Welch
has many i\arna friends among" the fire
men, who will cast their votes for him.
though they are denied the right to ex
r-re?s tl.*ir preference, while Curran men
may do eo with impunity.
David Aheti, a driver fnr the Fire
Patrol, whese position is held only with
ihe approval of the Fir* Commissioners,
is the most active man In the district in
favor of Curran"6 candidacy. Recently he
was given a two weeks' vacation, at an
opportune time, and spent it in making
fa personal canvass in Curran's interests.
In other departments employes are
working in season and out. for Curran.
without any rebuke from the reformers
who insisted that the administration of
jublic offices should be divorced from
politics. i
John Fnpplanl, an outside deputy em
rloyed tinder the Board of Public Works,
lias been making hay diligently by work
ing -for Curran while driving about on
business of the city connected with sewer
work.
Foppiani is & personal friend of Welch,
e.r.n paid to him recently:
"I am sorry to be going against you,
Dick. But you know how It Is with me.
A man has to look out for his living."
Dan Rifirdan, formerly a policeman and
xiow a deputy under the Board of Health,
is likewise using the city's time to talk
lor Curran'p candidacy.
one of th«» most culpable attempt? to
n?f the public patronage to aid Curran
and indirectly Prelan was that of a thir.lv
veiled effort to win the support of Patrick
Flaherty. Flaherty is an energetic young
Democrat, who is well known a:id popular
in both Assembly d'str'cts of the Xine- :
te^nth Senatorial District. He is a warm
pers<">nr>.| friend of Richard Welch and has
not hesitated to use his Influence in his
friend'* behalf. Shortly after Curran's
nomination Curran hunted Flaherty up
*nd asked him about a bit of patronage
that had been promised Flaherty, namely,
a team in the street department at M M
per day. Curran made an appointment
v.Uh Flaherty for a few days later, and
on that occasion took him to "Butler"
Fay at the Mayor'* office. Fay told Flah
? rty that they would f.x It all right and
for him t j send his team to the corpora
tion yard and everything would be ar
iene<vi Curran raid he was afraid the boys
In Flaherty's end of the district had been
neglected a little. Flaherty said that un
der the circumstances he did not care to
Fend the team, but Fay was solicitous and
Flaherty finally consented to give his de
cision the next day. Flaherty went to the
Mayer's office the next day and told Fay
that he had decided to refuse the offer.
"While nothing was said about support-
Ing Curran," Flaherty said last night. "I
t;nder?tood perfectly well that If I accept
ed the good offices of Fay and Curran my
support of the latter would be expected.
Th«>y had no office or patronage In their
pift that would induce me to throw down
my old friend. Dick Welch, and 1 refused
to* send a team to the corporation yard."
It !s known that several policemen with
r'--s=ld*noe;5 In th*> Nineteenth Senatorial
District are working tooth and nail for
Curran. though publicity ?iven to the fact
¦would probably rause them to be "broke"
r-v the Police Commission In defense of Its
own non-partisan position.
Pbelan Organization Using
Patronage, to Defeat
Richard Welch for
Senator.
EMPLOYES OF
CITY ACTIVE
IN POLITICS
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, NOVEMBER 1, 1900.
EXCEED ALL EXPECTATIONS
9
GRAPE-TTTTTS.
"On my next visit, July 17. I found the
child bright and cheerful, vomiting- all
stopped, stoole formed and natural In ap-
pearance, weight 14*4 pounds. From then.
for the nrxt three months, the child made
a regular and even improvement, graining
from eight to ten ounces each week. She
te now culte recovered. In my opinion
this girl has been' eaved from an early
rrave by the use of Grape-Nuts food."
"Inquiring into the Cletary I found oat
meal, macaroni, rice, white bread, and
milk had" formed the chief articles of food
and lately all had been rejected. I at
once stopped ail other foods ..nd placed
her on a diet of Grape-Nute, which was
retained on the stomach from the first.
"1 have frequently prescribed Grape-
JCuts food In my practice, with most ex-
cellent results. The notes of one case I
lndos* herewith. Julv 10, '99, called to
rM > M b . two years and three,
months old; found the child ill-nourished,
?rith waxen skin, enlarged Joints, beaded
lit*. en!ar<?em*"nt of the abdomen, furred
tonjrue. constant vomiting, and diarrhoea;
ln Fhort. a typical ca*e of rachitis. The
child weighed fourteen pounds and was
CJ-.-ly loeir-e flesh.
A breakfast food that a baby can handle
if & pretty safe proposition for grown peo-
ple with weak stomachs. Dr. Wm. Hall,
3 '.8 State street, Boston, has tried Grape-
Xut« food ln his own case, as a result of
¦which* be eays: "I have been relieved
from the distressing: form of Indigestion
caused by the con-asslmllatlon of starchy
foods, and since making Grape-Nuts a
part of my dietary scale I have had no
trouble and find my power of concentra-
tion markedly Increased.
FOOD SAVES.
3X>ctor Knew the Value of Grape-
'¦{¦ beginning the 2/ear of {Romance*
j "HER MOUNTAIN LOVER," A NOVELETTE BY HAMLIN GARLAND,
. Begins in the November Century.
NOVELS AND I ' NOVEMBER NUMBER.
STORIES " Richly Illustrated In Colors.
A New ** Rodder Grange" Story Illustrations in Colors
during the coming year by by Frank R» Stockton* accompany an article by Maurice Thompson
Mr. Stockton's "Rudder Grange" was his °» 7 M7 midwinter Garden- and th» account
F A!U«5TFY ««* treat humorous .ucc«8«. ° f the work of a n-w sector by Mr,. \ u
|# AlNolLTj Recsselaer. The color picture* Include thr»»
Our School* for ihe Stao-^ hv b * auttful full-pa«e reproductions of this srolp-
Mrc RIIRNFTT ~ acnoois ior tne stage, oy tor . 9 work> and Mf , ulstte plcturei or to , btr(ls
ITII&. DUilWLI I) BrOnSOn Howard. and fl° w «« °* a Florida home.
C* xxi />ini it An entertaining article by the well-kno-wn » -\r <_ f* ** '' . t* »«
Ueo. W. LAoLh, playwright. Mr. Howard, describing th« va- A Yankee Correspondent tn South
* rlous schools for the Instruction of young , .
Winston CHURCHILL JSS&u'S. ? S3SS ln them - Wlth Africa > **¦**» RaI P h '
TVIMMUll with .rectal reference to the treatment of w«r
-., . • niY Daniel Webster, by John Bach Me- correspondent* by army officer*. •
Master. Thc p ro f,fe m o f t fj C Philippines
H.frnlinflARIA^'n A study of the boyhood and early manhood _ , _ *^ '
IiCllTllm U/\rtLA lU, O f Daniel Webster—his thirty years of prep- bv Bishoo Potter.
aratfon. Fully illustrated with portraits and ' """"P * uucr#
¦> • • fDAV drawings. To be followed by other articles Bis recent tour tn tha far East has provided
UaVia UKAl, hy the same historian on phases of Webster's the Episcopal Bishop of New York with ma-
Iater lite. terlal for a timely series of papers of which
Joe! Chandler HARRIS, "Her Mountain Lover," First thl » !s one
n, nf (i 4 |) T r Chapters of a Novel by Ham- The Other Contents
Diet n/\h I L, «. ** « j
im Lrarland. Include two more stories, a beautiful engrmvtng
WR HOVVFI I The hero ot th « 3 •W. a youns Colorado ! > - r 1 C ?. le : .i nt f «tl n s departments. "In LUMer
. li. nUWLLLO, ranchman, is sent to London to place an In- Vein." "Topics of the Time." etc
terest In a Western mine. His breezy charac-
Henry JAMES, c^aft £TF&i^^ot\£!%£f! a To Begin Soon.
Tt. ' TVT "VTfTY • f Ti t An entertaining series of papers by An-
Sdrah Ome JEWETT C Y ° f ZooIo ? ICal P *rk. matin. Blrrell. M. P.. "On the Rhine." ra-
* A beautifully Illustrated article by the dlrec- P«rb!y Illustrated by Andre Castalffne and
-,. n - .fc 1# , tor ot the Pa**. William T. Homaday. formlnr a panorama of the historic and plc-
KUdyard KIPLING, A c . , ~< t „ x — turesque German river.
•_• A OtOry by Charles Dudley Warner A number of papers on country life and on
Inn MAfl ARFM " The Education of Sam." The story of a b « actlful Seders. 8am* ot these will be of
IC1JI lTlr%UL.ni\l_lt, acff# t0 i^ followed by other papers by the Preat practical value to those who wish to cul-
eame well-known contributor. tivate what may be called the revived art of
K W«»ir MITfHFI I T-. t» '«, landscape sardenln*.
S. Weir Ml I LtlLLL, "Her First Horse Show/' a StOry The -In, and Outs of the Railway Business."
„.»„.. (,,, r»,...JJ C b >' Ma J° r Hlne. a graduate of West Point.
IhOS. NelSOn PAGE, ' UZVtO. Way. who resigned as an officer tn the army to b«-
The author of "Gallops" her* contributes a eom « » freight brakeman. from which position
n .» miLii/i r capital story, especially appropriate to the he rose througrh various grades to that of »u-
Dertha KUiVKLt, month, with full-page picture by F. Luis Mora, perlntendent.
Flora Annie STEEL, "THE HELMET OF NAVARRE."
Frank R, STOCKTON, This brilliant romance, which began in August and will end in May. has
a/ready attracted wider attention and been more highly praised than any
Ruth McEnery STUART, » ork of *«MJ ever published serially in THE CENTURY. As the N-w
York Tribune says, it •' leaped at once into popular favor."
Gen. Lew WALLACE, r The new volume of the magazine begins with this A'o- PI\Pp
r»i- n ., vember number. In order that new subscribers who com- r K I 1
ChaS. Dudley WARNER, M mence their subscriptions with November may securt •• The **
r <:? a^ DM«c WiDn % Helmet of Navarre" complete, the three numbers. August. September and
L. OlUart rneips YYAKU, October, will be sent free of charge to all new yearly subscribers who
., r .»,„,,,.,.. begin with November.
IV I A I* V I VV 1 1 14 I m *
Ql ' ;' "- niiJl^* snUscrlptioii price $100 1 year. All dealeis take snlscriptlims, er Romaics my te 1223 dlrcctly to
v and others. THE CENTURY CO., UNION SQUARE, NEW YORK.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Muts.
Sunday
Call. '
NOVEMBER 4. f \
Opening Chapters of f
the Most Sensational
Story of the Day, f
J |LlU h h A^hoTt I EIGHT DAYS IN a7
/ £l Lt. ' J OPEN EOAT WITH-
f p . OUT A DROP OF
£ ' f WATER TO DPLNK,
X ' UNCLE SAM'S
X BIGGEST GOLD
f BRICK FACTORY.
f TT-TC rVrtnrn a
RIOU5 POVERCHICAGO, Oct. SV-CATTLE— Receipts, 15,
600, Including- RO0 Westerns and 700 Texans;
choice grades stronger, .others steady; good to
,' LIVERPOOL.
Wheat— - r>ec. Feb.
Opening .....6 11% C 0T4
Closing 6 00% 6 2
PARIS : ;
Wheat — Oct. Jan. -April
Opening 19 55 20 90.
Closing 19 65 20 85 V
Flour-
Opening .25 25 26 75
Clcslng 23 35 £6 70
Chicago Livestock Market.
On the Produce • Exchange to-day the butter
market . was quiet: creameries, 15@22c: dairyi
lJfflSc. Cheese, dull, 10H®ll%a Egrgs, firm
fresh, 17V4a
- * . -. ¦-.-- ..
~ 12 3^ Ful1 Mooa «
W November 6.
_L _L _L _L —L — — f? Last Qw a «er.
11 12 13 14 15 16 17 November 13.
— a Ne-w Moon.
iL — H- — — — — *P November £1.
23 26 27 28 23 SO "fl F 1 " 1 Quarter.
I J^ .November 29.
8. j M. I T. I W.I T. 1 F. I S. [Moon's Phases.
CALL CALEND^VK
NOVEMBER. 1900.
Articles— . Receipts. Shipments.
Flour, barrels 38,000 17,000
¦\Vheat, bushels 293.000 . .174.000
Corn, bushels 438. GOO ' ;';• 640,000
Oats, bushels 256,000 176 C»
Rye, bushels 14,000 6!<X»
Barley, bushels 157,000 " 65,000
praiaally until near the close, when the pro
fers-ionaJ tx-Ars took courage and offered prices
ciwn. The «i*rim«>r.t pro\f<l that buying
orders wne very f"arce for a considerable
ranffp bf-Iosv the ir.arket and »im< rharp de
c-lin<s wen established before m^ftlriK «.ny de
rr.ar.d. A? a result the earlier gains were com
rletrly v.-i7^d out and She market closed b«
lo« r lart night all nround. The T\-eaknees nos
mo.-t marked in the high-priced Industrials,
th;: loral traction ROCki and -the stoel etocki>.
In th«* riHroaii the Pacifiru were conppicuou*
r,n the d«clin«'. XorthTn Paclflc falling almoni
a. point Ik-Iow lest nisrfct. -whil^ In Southern
l*ar ISc. drioa I'aclJ5c and Missouri Pacific the
fieoiine from the best v.as a point. The con
ditlcTjs aStectinjj the market were the aame a.
veft/rday, nan:tly, a disinclination to enter
furthw on F^'^'tjlallon until after the election.
Thr- money market oititinued quiet and easy.
l^ctijit* or Sl.10O.W0 In pold from Europe to
day tnd the frub-trearury payments due to
Klrmdlke tf-iid Wfrt contributing causes to- the
ca*e <if the mr.npy market.
lion&M cave iray at some points la eytspathy
NKW TORK. Oct. 31.— The Block market be
came «"1 further involved in apathy and ln
«Slff«-i-^»oe to-day. It was etnotly in th« hand.?
of i>njffs:,io::a!s and they did not push their
trar.ractionx In a very pnerBetic manner. The
rally Which developed late yesterday in «ym
patfay With the »udj«-n upward movement !n
Poui!-.<--rt» I'acific retained aim* force thla tnorn
lnR with the evidence cf contltiue/l buying of
that; stock. The level of -prices was higher
than laft night and there was sime further
sdvar.ee, but when lt became evident th&t the
tmylac orders in Southern Pecinc had bwn
fi:i<^l the snark't fell into a sort of lethargy.
Tf.i? rt-siiltlr.p torsdpney to Fug developed very
Nc7c York Stock Market.
EASTERN MARKETS.
Cash quotations were as follows: Flour,
quiet and steady; No. 3 spring wheat, 6S@72c;
No. 2 red, 74iii76',ic; No. .2 coin, 37%c; No. 2
yellow. 37>M£37%c; No. 2 oats, 22ig22Vic; No 2
white. 25US26i4c; No. 3 white. 23VsQ25%c; No.
2 rye. 4S%c; good feeding barley, 2Sc; fair to
choice malting, 4S@55c; No. 1 naxseed, |1 7l@
1 73; No. 1 Northwestern, $1 74@1 75; prime tim
othy seed, J4 10iJ4 20; mess pork, per barrel
$11 25011 SO; lard, per 100 pounds, J7 02%@7 05;
ehort-rib sides (loose), J6 60<g6 SO; dry salted
shoulders (boxed), J6©6 25; short clear sides
(boxed), J6 70®6 80; clover, contract grade. SlQfti
10 25. .-
Articles— Open. High. Low. Close
Wheat No. 2—
October 72>/4 73T4 7214 73T4
November 73H 74 73 7374
December 74}i .75 74 74%
Corn No. 2— / M
October 37% 37% 37"^ .37%
November 36U 36% . 36H 36%
December 35 35U 34;6 25
May : 36H 36Vi 36 36>-i
Oats No. 2—
October 21H 21% 21H 21V4
November 21% 21% 21% 21»4
December 22 . 22',i 21Ti 22
May 23% 24 23% 24
Mess Pork, per barrel —
October 17 00 20 00 17 00 20 00
November 10 75 10 75 10 40 10 55
January 11 22V4 1125 11 17% 1120
Lard,. per 100 pounds-
October .... .... 7 05
November 7 02'J 7 07% 6 95 6 87%
December 6 82% 6 82% 6 80 6 80
Ji.nuary ..*. 6 67% C 67% 6 65 6 65
Short Ribs, per 100 pounds-
October 6 35 6 40 6 35 6 48
November 6 15 C 17% 6 15 C 15
January 5 95 5 95 5 &2»4 " 6 95
Bran continues to decline., Middlings, show
no change. Hay remains as previously quoted.
BRAN-J14 50(815 GO per ton." : -.'=
MIDDLINGS— J16 50@19 50 oer ton.
FEEDSTUFFS— Rolled - Barley. f 15 60@16 50
Hay and Feedstu ffs.
FLOL'n— California Family Bxtraa. JS 60@
3 75, usual terms; Bakers"; Extras, J3 40@3 50;
Oregon and Washington, J2 75®3 10 per bbl for
family and }3 15@3 50 for. bakers' ; . Eastern,
$4 75<fj5 75 per bbl. r
MILLSTUFFS— Prices - In sacks are as fol
lows, usual discount to • the trade: Graham
Flour, J3 per 100 lbs; Rye Flour, J2 75; Ryo
Meal, XI 60; Rice Flour, |7; Corn Meal, J2 75;
extra cream do, J3 60; Oat Groats, J4 60; .Hom
iny. $3 60tQ3 75; Buckwheat Flour. J4@4 25;
Cracked Wheat. J3 50; Farina. . J4 50; * Whole
Wheat Flour. J3 25; Rolled Oats (barrels), %6<T{,
7 25;. in Backs, J5 75®7: Pearl Barley, JT>; Split
Peas, ?5; Green Peas. Jo 50 per 100 lbs.
Flour and Millstuffs.
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal Session— 9:15 o'clock— No sales.
Second Session— No sales.
Regular Morning Session — No sales. : .
Afternoon Session — No sales. ; .
OATS— Dealers quoted the market very
strong again, with an advancing tendency,
thoush< prices did not actually rise.
W-hite, J133@150; Surprise. ?145@1S5; Red.
Jl 15«71 25 for feed and Jl 25(31 40 for seed; Gray,
Jl 25®1 35; Black, for feed, Jl 12H'<jl 20; for seed.
U22»/i@122H per ctl.
CORN-Eastern yellow, Jl 20@l 22V4: white,
$122tygl23%; Eastern mixed, $1 20@l 21'A per
ctl.
RYE— 90c per ctl. -
BUCKWHEAT— Quoted at Jl 75@2 per ctl.
Informal, Session— 9:15 o'clock— May— 12,000
ctls. $1 06; 16,000, $1 06H: 6000, $1 03'i. Decem
ber— 2000. 99Hc; 12.000, 29c. -
Second SeFSlon— May— 4000 v ctls, $105%. De
cember — 50,000, M9c.
Regular Morning Session— May— 14,000 ctls,
$1 06; 2S.000, U 06^. December— 16,000, 99V4c
Afternoon Session— May— 16,000 ctls, $1 06%;
8000. Jl 06%; 4000. U06H; 2000, $1 06%; '2000,
$1 0C%. ' e •
IJARLEY — There was a firmer feeling and
fractional advance in choice feed, but oft lots
continued nrglected at previous prices. Spec
ulation was at a standstill. .
Feed. 73%(g73c for choice bright. 70@72»4c fdr
No. 1 and 62 1 / £®67%c for off (grades; Brewing
and Shipping grades, 77V4©80c; Chevalier, nom
inal. 5
CALL BOARD SALES
WHEAT— Paris was weak, but Liverpool
closed l%d higher, and New York advanced
-Me.
Chicaeo opened firm, with good buying, but
as was the case at Liverpool, contradictory re
ports from th<i Argentine checked the advar.ee.
Qne authority reported the damage there
Blight, while another reported a loss of 40 per
cent. Houses with Argentine cables were free
buyers. : Private cables reported the situation
serloua. There was some heavy realizing, but
the market steadied afterward.
Tho San Francisco market was higher, both
on and off call.
Spot Wheat— Shipping. 96V4c: Milling, 9S%c
@$1 01U per ctl. .
Wheat and Other Grains.
Sterling Exchange, 60 days — $4 81H
Sterling Exchange, sight — 4 83%
Sterling Cables — 4 85
Xew York Exchange, sight — 5
New York Exchange, telegraphic — 7H
Fine Sliver, per ounce — 6<Vi
Mexican Dollars, nominal BOH <S &1
Exchange and Bullion.
CHICAGO, Oct. 31. — Throughout the session
In the wheat pit speculative eyes were glued
on the Argentine advices. Numerous reports
confirmatory of previous ones were received,
placing the damage to the Argentine crop at
from 40 to SO per cent. An advance of Hid in
Liverpool was also credited to the stories sent
to the other side of the water. In many cases
there was an inclination to consider the dam
age reports exaggerated. December opened %0
Me higher at 74Uc and on a good g'eneral de
mand, shorts leading, advanced sharply to 74Tic
At this point profit-taking caused a reaction to
74V4®"4%c, but as the offerings were readily ab
sorbed a further rally ensued. December closed
lHf«lV*c higher at 74%®74%c.
Corn was quiet but firm. Influenced by wet
weather in the U'eat and the wheat strength.
December closed Me ud at 35c.
Oats were quiet and steady. December closed
%C higher at 22c. .
The trade In provisions was light and the
feeling was easier on liberal hog receipts and
lower prices at the yards. October pork fur
nished the only incident. Till near the close
there were only two trades in this cornered
product. They were at $17, yesterday's close.
Later, however, sales were made at J18 and at
J20, the close being at the latter figure. January
pork closed 5c down, lard 6c lower and ribs 5c
depressed.
The leading futures ranged as follows:
APRICOTS— Royal, ll-ffMc;- Moorpark. lofilSc.
PEACHES— Peeled, lSQ20c; unpeeled, 6g9c
PRUNES— Sh.&&VzC. as to size and quality
There was very little, demand noted for
evaporated apples to-day, and the market con
tinues nominally unchanged. State common
was quoted at 4^5c; prime, 4%@5Uc; choice,
EUfrGc; fancy. C^Vic.
California dried fruits were inactive and nom
inal.
DRIED FRUITS
BUTTER— Receipts, E751 packages; firm.
Creamery. 16fi22Vjc; June creamerj'. lSS21c;
factor}*. 13Ql6c : • . •: .
EGGS— Receipts, 5738 packages; eteady.
¦\Vertcrn regular packing, at mark, 17©19c;
Western, loss off, 21c.
SUGAR— Raw, dull and easy. Fair refining.
4c; centrifugal. 96 test, 4Hc; molasses sugar,
2%c; refined, quiet.
COFFEE— Spot Rio, steady; No. 7 Invoice,
SHc; mild, steady; Cordova, S^ig'lOiic. Futures
closed steady, 5©10 points net higher. Total
sales, 29,750 bags, including: December, $7 40;
February. J7 CO; March, $7 55; May. J7 63; July,
J7 80: September, *7 S3.
WOOL— Dull
WHEAT— Receipts, lTti.675 bushels; exports,
none; sales, 5,310,000 bushels futures; 120,000
bushels spot. Spot, strong; No. 2 red, 79?ic
f. o. b. afloat, 78Ue elevator: No. 1, Northeru
Duluth, SSTnC f. o. b. afloat; No. 1 hard Duluth.
WHc ' o. b. afloat. Options were again strong
and active practically all day; governed by a
rei.ewal of bullish Argentine news. This In
spired a fair amount of public buying in ad
dition to aji active demand from shorts. The
strength of Liverpool in contrast to Continentai
weakness was also a factor of strength. The
market closed strong, U;c net higher. March,
M 3-16@83%c. closed S3*ic; May, kl U-16@83V»c,
closed ST.i-ic; October, closed 77fic; December,
closed 7»T*c. '
HOPS— Quiet.
HIDES— Firm. : : :
NEW YORK, Oct. 31.— FLOUR— Receipts, 23,
544 barrels; exports. 10.178 barrels; eales, 8500
packages. Stronger and fairly active. Influ
enced by the further rise In wheat and higher
Minneapolis advices. Winter patents, « 70#4;
do straights, *3 50<fi3 60; do extras, $2 65<g^: win
ter low grades. $2 4;ST2 00; Minnesota patents,
till* 3.1; do bakers', J3G3 40.
G. IL 'WJLLFON. Local Forecast Offlcial.
Tlie rre^Eure has risen over the northwestrrn
jiTtlon of the Pacific slope and fallen to the
eatt of the Kocky Mountains. The weather Is
cloudy and somewhat threatening from Cen
tral California, north^-ar'l and over the north
cm portions of Nevada ani Utah and generally
clear over the southern urrtion of th» Paclflc
f'.ojie. Lljrht rain has fallen from Central
California ani Northern Nevada northward.
The t fro i» nature hay risen over Utah and
retrained nearly stationary in other districtB.
Conditions are favorable for fair weather In
California Thursday.
Forecast made at San Francisco for thirty
hour* riiiiTig midnight November 1:
Northern California— Fair Thursday, except
KhowerK along the extreme northwestern coast;
l!£lil wect wind.
Southern California— Fair Thursday; light
«e*t wind. :
Nevada— Haln In north portion, fair in south
Arizor.a — Partly cloudy Thumdaj".
Han Francisco and vicinity— Fair Thursday
I'.Kht we-st w'.ni.
FOIiECAST,
Lart ThU Last
Stations— U Hour*. Be««on. Season.
Eur*ka 1.10 6.89 5.58
Hed Bluff 0.32 " 3.47 3.04
Facramer.to CIS 1.C6 4.48
fan Francisco 0.30 l.SJ 3.92
Fre«=no 0.09 0.46 2.01
Kan Luis Obispo 0.O0 l.it 3.92
Indej.ender.ce 0.00 O.?l 0.37
Los Angeles 0.00 0.11 1.60
San D.ego O.OO 0.28 0.42
San Francisco data: Maximum temperature,
ZS>: tiitninium. I!; mean, K.
WEATHER CONDITIOXF AND GENERAL
The following are the seasonal rainfalls to
fiate, es compared with those of fame date
last season and rainfall in last twenty-four
bows:
SAN FRANCISCO, Oct. 31—5 p. m
O£0th M<?rl<2!an— Pacific Time.)
Weather Report.
The K«-w- Tork circular of Henry Clews says
' Preser.t conditions are premising for a |
fce-alt*iy state of business for the remainder of
•h- year. While there !s nothing like the
t- j^culatlve excitement In the merchandise '
mtrketc that existed a year ago, there is really j
a more healthy tone In the principal branches
of tra-le. The return of Iron to normal prices
has s=et in operation a large extent of suspend
**d in<iust.ry, and The iron masters a,re feeHng
the benefit in a large increase of orders. The
South anticipates a bar.ner year In the cotton
trade, end the West shows Hf hopes in lu
larce purchases at this center for the winter
tra.ee. Evi<^**nc*e of the extent of prepuratioris J
for the e-osnr.'r butrin'-ss api't-ars in the increas
lr.g earr.ingK of thr railn.ads. When election I
excitement is over, the effects of this hopeful !
outlook may be oxpf-cted to appear In a cor- |
responding tentlm»-nt in the financial markets." j
Hopeful Outlook for Trade.
j.arently, rhouph the consensus of opinion at
•tr:l,utes the prevailing dullness to the atmos
ihoric rather than the political conditions. A
>.-,«--d fold sr.ap that thouid act as If lt meant
to tarry a while undoubtedly would vastly Im
prove traie.
•'At present there can hardly be paid to be
any feature to th*» market. Some buying of
peaches, both unp«x!ed and reeled, if reported
«.t prices understood to be ot considerable in
d'jccm<>r.t to buyers. Quite heavy rejections
cf i«aches were made recently, and this result
ed in an easier market. Prunes, to arrive, are
In srrne demand *t cut prices and there Is
a report that some spot association goods are
l.eing offered at quotations under the associa
tion basis. Seeded raisins continue In fair
request, but ether goxis are neglected. Dates I
ard figs are golrig out fairly well. Spot apples |
axe in some demand at 4Jf4««c. Prime goods
tor November delivery are a little easier, some
E&Jes beir.g reported at 4 1 c."
Mall reports from Now York R&y
"'There Is considerably Jcfp activity in this
rr:arket than was the ca^e F^veraJ days ago,
and joblx^rs are b-?moai:lng the falling, off
of retail buying-, which early last Week
fpem'-d to be starting up in earnest. The dis
u;-jK'intlnsrly tram weather and the prospective
«ii-ction together are causir.jf the mischief, ap- i
Dried Fruit in New York.
The coinage nt the Fan Francisco Mint for
the month of October avas -as follows:. Double
eagles. Si.120.000: fctandard dollars. $1,000,-000.
Total. J6.120.W0, apainst *5;0«-5.:>00 for C>ct.ober,
lhy<>. For the first months of the fiscal jear
this coinage amounts to J1S.930.S27. afrainst<22,
806,136 :or the same poriaj last year. .' ¦;
Lccal Mint Coinage.
The reoeipts o? customs duties at this port
for the rnor.th o? October amounted to $772,744,
making a total tir.ee January 1 of $6,300,050.
Customs Duties.
The local bank clearings for the month of
October were i;04,7CS,4Cb, against tS5, 647.212 for
the same month last year. Since January 1
these clearings .amount to $543,SlS,S47. against
JTis.i^'e,-^; :or the same period laet year. ." . :
Bank Clearings.
STS.SDO tcr.s -n-heat ar.d 7100 tons barley, making
tcta.1 6&les thus far this : crop year of 426.300
tczs wbeat ar.d C700 ten* barley.
Produce Exch&r.g-e cali sales in October were
Produce Exchange Sales.
MINING STOCKS.
Chollar : 15'Ontarlo « m
Crown Point 10 Ophir " £¦
Con Cal «i Va W) : Plymouth "' Ti
Deadwood 60 Quicksilver "" 1 25
Gould & Curry <58 'Wuickellver prefd" C 50
Hale & Norcrots.. 23 Sierra Nevada 20
HomeMake Ci Standard 3 30
Iron Silver 70 Union Con.. "" ir
Mexican 30 Yellow Jacket " 14
BOSTON STOCKS AND BONDS.""
Money— ; 'Union Paclflc 61
Call loans 34#4 t'nlon Land " iv
Ttme loans 44' 3 6l\Vls Central. !..".'." ' 12
Stock*— Honds—
A T & fi F 81% Atchlson 4s . 10m'
A T & S F prefd... 73HN K C^lcake'H.a
American Surar....I2lv*' Mlnlne Snares-
Am Fujar prefd.. ..11*4 'Adventure 416
Am Telephone 1474 ! A)!ouez Mln Co.'!!!' 2U
Bofton & Albany.. 248 iAmalr Copper io£
Uofton & Maine 1S-2 [Atlantic ' 2»*
C-fceo. Bur & Q....127 jnoston & Mo'nt".'."317
Dominion Coal 3S4jButte & Boston.. C2H
$™? Prefd. ...113 ICalumet & HecU...79.',
Federal Steel 87% Centennial 17
Fed Steel prefd.... 67% Franklin HU
General Electric.1414 Humboldt 25
2T3.H4 Shares sold
CLOSING BONDS.
C S refunding 2s I do 4s .....' 92
reg 104% 'NY Cen lsts......lC8%
do coup lfr»VX J Cen jren 5s. ..124'
do 3s reg lOSVjjKo Pac 3s ........ 66%
do coup ..- .HOVi! do 4s 103%
do new 4s reg. ..1344 N Y C & St L 4S..1064
do coup ,...1354 Norf & W con 4s. !>7"
do old 4a reg....:i."> 4 Or Nav lsts l(i!v
da coup UZhi\ do 4s ..103
do Es reg 112% Or S Line CS......1274
do coup ...1144i do con 5s ..: 1134
Dls -< "-• 3.CDS...1244 Reading gen 4 0 ..£7%
Atchlson een 4s ..100"i;R G W lsts.. 89%
do ndj 4s g7T* ft L 4 I Ji con Ss.lio'
Can So 2ds 106'-i Rt L & S F gen 6».123
Ches & Ohio 44s. .100",; Ht Paul cona . 171
,, d ? I* ••• --1204 St P C & Pac lsts.US'A
C & N \V con 7s.. 139'4! do Is i 119«.j
do S F deb 5s... .120 iSo Pac 4s ...'. 81%
("hi Term 4s 92 :So Railway 6s ...no'
Colo So 4s R2 jS Row & T 6s 69
r< & U f, lBts 103 iTex & Pac 1st*. ...114%
do 4s 99 ! Co Zds ...;... 65
Hrie gen 4s 714 Union Pac 4s ...... 10SK
Ft W & D C lsts.. 734 Wabash lsu 1174
Gen dec 6s 11$ do 2d 8 ...102
Io-n-i. *.>n lrtm IMKjWest Shore 4s ....112%
L& Ka*h uni 4s... 9»V-|W1« Cent lsts .. . S6
M K A. T Sd» CCliiVa. cent si
120 International Paper prefd fiRU
Laclecle Gas ggit
850 National Biscuit 3.-X4
130 National Blrcuit prefd Si
150 National L.ead js'i
National Lea«l prefd ....944
5**0 National Steel 2S*4
278 National Steel prefd .......! 874
New York Air Brake ,122
200 North American i.-,s'
...... Pacific Coast " 5c
Paciflc Coast 1st prefd .'. R4
Pacific Coast 2d i>refd C34
l.W) Pacific Mall C2U
2.C0 People.'!? Gas 531J
97rt Pressed Steel Car " " 43U
110 Pressed Steel Car prefd - '.'.'. sna-i
Pullman Palace Car ifts
Standard Rope & Twine " 514
15.160 Sucar 122
Sugar prefd 11 5 f,
4.210 Tennessee Coal & Iron ;; w.
K50 T.'nited States Leather nt
i*v> T.-nlted States leather prefd 7Oi>,
300 United States Rubber 31^
— .. United States Rubber prefd |tu
....... Western Union go'A
2» Republic Iron & Steel Co ..' 13
220 Republic Iron & Steel Co prefd r,8>4
P C C & St Louis... 524
1 with stocks after bavins shown strength In
the early dealings. Total Bales, par value.
$1,795,000. • ,.
United States bende were unchanged on the
last call.
NEW YORK STOCK LIST.
Ehaies Clos . lnK
sold. Stocks— m ,,i,
E.,328 Atchlson WHJ
7.6S2 Atchlson prefd
4.4SJ Baltimore & Ohio <4%i
..:..... Canadian Paclflc »»
450 Canada Southern ....53
3.CM Chesapeake & Ohio..... 30
Chicago &> Great Western HTs
2.317 Chicago Burlington At Qulncy 127
Chicago Ind &. Louisville 20
Chicago Ind & Louisville prefd.. &4 j
Chicago & Eastern Illinois.... 93%
Chicago & Northwestern ICO ,
1,755 Chicago Rook Island & Paclflc 10SV4
1M C C C & ?t Louis... 62",*
Colorado Southern I
Colorado Southern 1st prefd 3SV» |
Colorado Southern Id prefd 15 j
100 Delaware &- Hudson Ill
tO9 rvlaware Uickawanna & Western.. 176
"¦ !•» Denver & Rio Grande 20
350 Denver & Rio Grande prefd 70
Erie 11% !
Erie 1st prefd 34V 4 ]
634 Great Northern prefd 161V, ;
610 Hccklnx Coal .*. 15% j
300 Hocking Valley 35% !
220 Illinois Central 1184
200 Iowa Central .....19 I
Iowa Central prefd 41 |
400 Lakf Erie <fc Western 34%
Lake Krie &. Western prefd 102
400 Lake Shore 210
770 Lvftiisville & Nashville 73 |
4,070 Manhattan L 93%;
2,175 Metropolitan Street Railway 158>4 .:
110 Mexican Central 12 ;
100 Minn & St Louis.... 5SH
410 Minn & Pt Louis prefd.J 98
4,300 Missouri Pacific 55
Mobile & Ohio 39
... Missouri Kansas & Texas 10
COO Missouri Kansas & Texas prefd..... 314 '
1.415 New Jersey Central 134 I
1,100 New York Central ..132 |
6o« Norfolk & Western 36Vi |
Norfolk & Western pre/d 76'.*
14,775 Northern Pacific 56vb
£25 Northern Pacific prefd 72U i
760 Ontario & Western 21% |
Oregon Railway & Nav 42
........ Ore-iron Railway & Nav prefd 76
6.C50 Pennsylvania 135\b
1.340 Reading 17%
3,510 P.eadlng 1st prefd 574
Reading 24 prefd 2*4
Rio Grande Western 50
Rio Grande -Western prefd 90
100 St Louis & San Fran 114
....... St Louis & San Fran 1st prefd...... 67
500 St Louis & San Fran 2d prefd 36
1.325 St Louis Southwestern 14 :
2.CCO St Louis Southwestern prefd 31"i
4.V70 St Paul 115's
150 St Paul prefd ..1714
St Paul & Omaha 112
3.S£S Southern Paclflc 37%,
1.3C0 Southern Railway 12%
3,313 Southern Railway prefd 56>4
SPO Texas & Pacific 1«^«
8,200 Union Pacific 61
1,465 Union Pacific prefd 75
100 Wabash 0 74
£20 Wabash prefd 1S4
Whaling & Lake Erie 9%
6S0 Wheeling & Lake Erie prefd 2h l t
159 Wisconsin Central 12
Third Avenue ....109
Express Companies^ —
165 Adams '.. ........ ..130
American . 158
United States 474
Welle Farso .....127
Miscellaneous— ::¦.. :;
123 American Cotton Oil ............... 854
215 American Cotton Oil prefd 92
100 American Malting 5%
American Malting prefd ...£T....... 24
1,200 American Smelting & Refining..... 404
530 American Smelting & Refining pfd. 90
American Spirits IV*
American Spirits prefd 27
1.S39 American Steel Hoop :; 22»&
170 American Steel Hoop prefd 744
4,215 American Steel & Wire 34%
1,250 American Steel & Wire prefd...... 75Vi
S10 American Tin Plate 324
lQf> American Tin Plate prefd S2'»
4.40J American Tobacco P6'i
American Tobacco prefd ....130
650 Anaconda Mining Co 4.'.
S.42i> Brooklyn Rapid Transit.... C0 T -i
S«M Colorado Fuel & Iron 374»
i 2.000 Continental Tobacco 27>i
S2 1 ) Continental Tobacco prefd S04
2,520 Fe>kral Steel .....37%
Frdera! Steel prefd ................. 68
100 General Electric ..................1414
Glucose Sugar 53?-^
GIucom Sufrar prefd 100
400 International Paper ....: 21
Following were the sales in the San Francisco
Stock and Exchange Board yesterday:
Morning Session.
100 Belcher 13 150 Ophlr .73
100 Belcher 12 800 Savaga 18
100 Mexican 29 500 Sierra Nevada. 24
200 Mexican 23 200 Yellow Jacket., lt
Afternoon Session.
BOO Andes 07 100 Ophlr ....". 76
200 Challenge 12 200 Potosl IS
500 Con Cal & Va..l 05 ECO Seg Belcher.... 01
100 Mexican 29 400 Utah OS
Following were the sales In the Paclflc Stock
Exchange yesterday:
Morning Session.
700 Best & Belcher. 23' S00 Ophlr j 75
600 Chollar 18 200 Potosl 13
200 Con Cal & Va..l 00 300 Sliver Hill 31
900 Ophlr ... .... 76
Afternoon Session. " . '
200 Best & Belcher. 25 100 Ophlr 78
600 Chollar 17 200 Ophlr 77
400 Con Cal & V.I 024 200 Potosl 13
400 Mexican 2S 1C00 Seg Belcher 01
200 Mexican 29 350 Yellow Jacket.. 17
The Giant Powder Company has declared div
idend No 23 ot 75 centa per share.
100 Monte Cristo 1 30
5 Oil City Pertoleum 35 00
300 San Joaquln Oil & Dev 9 25
200 San Joaquln Oil & Dev 9 37H
100 San Joaquln Oil & Dev 9 50
Street— ,.;,-.",:_
£00 Cala-Standard 27
MINING STOCKS.
Morning Session.
Board—
250 Cala-Standard ...10
100 Cala-Standard 23
!50 Cala-Standard 27
1000 Home Oil 4 43
10 Kern River 13 00
10 Kern River 17 73
100 Monte Cristo 145
250 Reed Crude Oil Co .60
Afternoon Session.
1000 Cala-Standard z7
500 Cala-Standard 30
100 Home Oil 4 EO
1250 Home Oil 4 43
200 Monte Cristo 135
PRODUCERS' OIL EXCHANGE.
Street—
$18,000 S P of C 6s (1312) 119 00
Afternoon Session.
Board —
75 Honokaa S Co 30 73
$1CCO N P C R R 6s 107 00
100 Oceanic S S Co 92 00
$6000 Oceanic S S Bonds 109 50
165 Paauhau S P Co 31 00
10 S V Water 93 25
WEDNESDAY, Oct. 31—2:30 p. ra.
UNITED STATES BONDS.
Bid. Ask. I Bid. Ask.
4s quar coup... 115%116 Us do cp (new).135^136
4s do reg 115&116 |3s do coup... .110 llO'/i !
MISCELLANEOUS BOND3. i •¦¦
Bay r Co P Co., 102% — Oak Tran 6s.. — 11714
Cal-st Cab 5s..ll8»il20 Oak "Water 5s.103H105^i
C C Water Es..lO7>4 — Oceanic SS 5s.l09H110
Ed L & P 6s.. 130% — Om C Ry 6a. ..127 —
F & Cl Ry 6s.. — — Pac G Imp 43.102 —
Geary-st R 5s. — — P & Cl Ry es.lO4>£ —
II C & S 5»4s.. — — P & O R R 6s. 113 —
Do 6s IWK — Powell-st R 6s. — —
L. A R 5s 107 10S Sac E G&R 6S.1OOT4 —
L A Lt Co 6s.. — 103 S F & SJV 6s.U3Vi —
Do gtnd 6s... — — S R of Cal 6s.. — 113
L A gntd Es.. — lOl'/i 9 P of A «s . . . 112?ill3
L A P R R 5s. — 102'/i S P ofC6s(1905)
Market-st 6a. .128% — (Series A). ...108 1W£
Do 1st M 5s..llSSill3!il Do (Series B)109HH0
NCNGR 7sai0 114 I Do (1912) 1184 —
N P. of Cal Cs.113 — |S P R 1st g Bs.lOTVi —
Do 5s 116%— S P R 6s 130 —
N P C R R 6s.l02 — S V Water 6s.ll3% —
Do 5s 106%— i Do 4s 103 103>i
N Cal Ry 6s.. .112 — f Do 3d mtge.. 102^103
Oak G L & H.110 — Stktn Gas 6s.. 101 —
WATER STOCKS.
Contra Costa.. 69'i 70& Spring Valley. 93Vi 33%
Marin County.. 51W. ,-
GAS AND ELECTRIC STOCKS.
Cent L & P Co 3% — Pae L Ox. 43%. 4i
Eqult G L Co. 3'u 3% Sac El G&RCo 34 40
Mutual El Co. — W 1^ S F G & E.... 51 5m
O G L & H.... 49»4 43% San Francisco. 4% 5i»
Pac Gas Imp.. 52 W-jiPtkn G & E C» — 14
INSURANCE STOCKS.
Flrem's Fund. 225 — '
BANK STOCKS.
Anglo Cal Ltd. 69 — First Natlonl..29« 300
Bank of Cal.. — 410 Lon P & A.. .137% —
Cal S D & T.104 — Merchants' Ex 16 18
SAVINGS BANKS.
Ger S & L. — 1900 Sav & L. So... — 11
Hum S & t... — — Sec Sav Bk... — —
Mut Sav Bk.. El — I Union T Co.... — —
S F Sav U..-.515 — I
STREET RAILROAD STOCKS.
California 124 — O B L & H.... 33 —
Geary-st 30 40 Presidio — 81
Market-st 67H 6S>4
POWDER STOCKS.
California — 160 Vlgorit 3ft S%
Giant Con Co. 82H 83
SUGAR STOCKS. ., t
Hana S P Co. 7 — Kilauea S Co.. 80H —
Haw C & S Co 83 87 Makawell S Co 41H 42
Honokaa S Co. 30*; 31 Onomea S Co. 28^j —
Hutch S P Co. 25^, 26 Paauhau S Co. 31 —
MISCELLANEOUS STOCKS.
Al Pack Assn. — 125U Pac A F A.... 3 —
Cal Fruit Asn.l01V*103 Pac C Bor Co. — 152
Mer Ex Assn.. 97 100 Par Paint Co. 12H —
Oceanic S Co. .92 93
Morning Session.
Board—
$5000 Bay Counties Power Co os 102 75
85 California Fruit Canners 101 50
100 Honokaa S Co 30 75
25 Hutchlnson S P Co 25 23
123 Hutchlnson S P Co.... 25 SO
50 L P & A Bank 138 00
$10,(00 Market-st R R Con 6s 119 00
J5000 Northern Cal Ry 5s 112 00
50 Paauhau S P Co 31 00
r>000 Oceanic S S Bonds 109 50
{."/'(""i Sacramento Elec Gas & Ry 5s 101 00
65 S F Gas & Electric Co 51 00
6 S F Gas & Electric Co 51 12%
Street —
25 Makawell S Co 41 23
$2000 Market-st Cable 6s 129 00
50 Pacific Lighting 44 00
Business on th« morning session of the Bond
Exchange was more active. The sugar stock*
were firm and Gaa and Electric advanced ta
$51 12H. "
The market was inacfrve in the afternoon.
The oil stocks continued firm, with the usual
good business. . . ,' . . .
The Union Con. Mining Company has levied
an assessment of 15 cents, delinquent Decem
ber 6. .
STOCK AOT) BOND EXCHANGE.
Silver firmer again. Exchange unchanged. >
W Jurat and Barley .advanced slightly. : .. . ' :; : ; . .. y. .^ . '.' .- =:. ':
Oats very firm, but no higher. Corn and Rye unchanged. ; .
Beans firm in spite of excessive receipts. . -.'¦.: ' . •
Another decline in. Bran. No change in Hay.
Omonscmiiinuc to improve. Poiatces and Vegetables unchanged.
Butter moving off rather better. Eggs easy and accumulating.
Poultry steady end Game lower.
Oranges weaker and in better supply. Lemons and Limes weak.
New size reported established for Prunes. '¦.;•'
No further cut in Provisions.
Meat market stands as before. ¦:
October bank clearings show a gain over 1899.
WHEAT— Spot, steady; No. 2 red Western
winter steady, Es lid; No. 1 Northern spring,
<U 3V»d; No. 1 California. 6s 4d. Futures, firm;
December. 6s %d: February. 6s 2d. ,
CORN — Spot, dull; American mixed new, 4s
2Ud. Futures, firm; November, 4s &d; Decem
ber, 3s llTid; January, 3s lOd.
LIVERPOOL, Oct. 31.— Wheat, -firm; No. 1
Ftandard California, 6s 3d® 6s 5d; wheat In
Paris, weak; flour in Paris, weak; French coun
try markets, quiet. .
COTTON— Uplands, 5 7-32d.
CLOSING.
LONDON. Oct. 31. —Consols, 9S%@98 11-16; sil
ver, 29 13-lGd; French rentes, lOOf 5c@100f 45c;
wheat cargoes on passage, quiet and steady;
No. 1 standard California, 30s; Walla Walla,
29s 3d: EnKlish country markets, quiet.
Foreign Markets.
TACOMA. Oct. 31.— Wfceat— There Is a. little
more activity and pric«a are half a cent higher.
Bluestem, 55%c; club, 52%c.
WASHINGTON
Total wheat shipments for October from
Portland were 1,304,787 bushels and 72,695 bar
rtls of flour. Since July 1 shipments are 3,244,
673 bushels of wheat and 239,715 barrels of flour.
Northern Wheat Market.
PORTLAND, Oct. 31.— Wheat steady: 63c for
Walla Walla and 66c for bluestem, with %c
better possible for good stock.
Cleared— British ship Del Carnle. with 104,297
bushels of wheat for Queenstown.
OREGON-
PORTLAND, Or., Oct. 3L— Clearings, $33L
036; balances, $55,OS1.
Portland's Business.
LONDON, Oct. 31.— At to-day's session of the
wool auction sales 13,998 bales were offered.
There was a full attendance, American opera
tors competing eagerly and paying full rates for
good Victorian greasy wools and suitable
scoured wools. The Continent took Merinos
freely and the home trade crossbreds.
London Wool Sales.
NEW YORK, Oct. 31.— Aside from a little
firmness in tin, due to a higher London market
and the scarcity of sellers here, which' raised
the price some Wig'SO points, closing with- a
firmer tone at $27 S2Vi@27 87%. there was little
change In the local metal market. Lead and
spelter both ruled dull at $4 37V4 and $4 10@4 IS,
respectively. Lake copper, $16 75@17 and dull,
while the Iron markets of the country were dull
and featureless.
The brokers' price for lead was $4 and for
copper $16 S7H.
New York Metal Market.
NEW YORK, Oct. 8L— Business at the Cotton
Exchange to-day was active, with crlces de
cidedly higher. The opening calls showed a de
cline of 3 points to an advance of 3 points. A
quick change In local sentiment took place and
the market later became very active. Prices
advanced rapidly, with shorts conspicuous buy
ers. Investment demand was also a feature.
The upward tendency of prices was accelerated
by predictions of frost In Texas, Oklr'.ioma and
Indian Territory- Buying orders from the South
multiplied rapidly. From the lowest prices of
the morning to the best prices of the afternoon
there was an advance of 1S@21 DOlnts. A few
intervals of partial reaction ocurred following
profit-taking, but In the main the market was
strongly bullish. The feeling at the close was
quiet and steady, 14@16 points net advance.
New York Cotton Market.
BOSTON, Oct. 3L— The Earl Fruit Company
auctioned California fruit to-day and realized
the following prices: Grapes— Muscats, single
crates, $1 40@l 65, average $1 42; Tokays, single
crates. 7Oc@$2 35, average $1 20; clusters, single
crates. $1 80@3 20. average $2 43. Dry, favorable
weather. One car sold to-day.
CHICAGO, Oct. 31. —The Earl Fruit Company
realized the following prices for California
fruit sold at auction to-day: Grapes— Red Em
perors, single crates, $1 45@1 75, average $1 61;
clusters, Blngle crates, %2 35(S"2 50, average $2 36;
Emperors, single crates, $1 60®l 75, average
Jl 57; Tokays, slngln crates, 85c® $1 19, average
$101; Cornichons, single crates, averages $125.
Pears— P. Barry, boxes, average $1 25. Six cars
sold to-day. Cloudy weather.
. NEW YORK, Oct. 3L— The Earl Fruit Com
pany sold" California fruit at auction to-day : and
realized -the. • following prices: Grapes—Cor
nlchons, single crates, • $1 55<?T1 90, average $169;
Tokays, double crates, $2@4 30, average $2 90;
Tokays, single crates, S5c@$2 95, average $128;
Red Emperors, . single crates, $1 70®2 25,' aver
age U 65; Emperors, single crates, $1 30<&2 20,
average $1 78;- White Emperors, single crates,
$1 40^-4 85, • average $143; Red Emperor clusters,
single crates, $2#3 15, average - $2 69; Imperial
Tokays, single crates, $1 30<&-2 65, average $1 78.
Pears— P. Barry, boxes, $2 35®3, average $2 81;
Winter Nells, boxes, $1 75©2 35, average $4 76.
Every indication of rain. Three cars sold to
day.
SUMMARY- OF THE MARKETS.
WASHINGTON. Oct. 31.— To-day" s statement
of the Treasury balances In the general fiftid,
exclusive of the $150,000,000 gold reserve In the
division of redemption, shows: Available cash
be lance. $135.900, 4S6; gold. $92,511.5S9. -. .
Condition of the Treasury.
NEW YORK. Oct. 31.— Money on call, steady
at 32'4 per cent; last loan, 3 per cent; prime
ir.ercar.tlle paper. 5@6 per cent; sterling ex
change firm, with actual business In bankers'
bills at $4 £4 for demand and $4 SOft for sixty
days; posted rates. $4 Sl@4 81% and $4 85; com
mercial bills, $4 79^S4 80: silver certificates,
64\i@64Hc: bar silver, 61Uc; Mexican dollars,
EOVic; Government bonds, steady; State Bonds,
steady; railroad bonds. Irregular. ..
New York Money Market.
CLOSING,
LONDON, Oct. 31.— Atchlson, S3H; Canadian
Pacific, 89H; Union Pacific preferred, 77V4;
Northern Pacific preferred. 79%; Grand Trunk.
6%; Anaconda. $%; bar silver (steady. 29 13-16d
per ounce; money. 2%Q'4 per cent. ¦ ¦;,>• :..'
The markets here were dull and inactive to
day; -partly under the influence of the higher
ir*oney rates and partly in anticipation of the
holiday to-morrow. : The American department
alone showed animation, but here the dealings
nerely followed the New York lead, hesitat
ing at times, but closing at practically the
best. The bullish sentiment on Southern Pa
ciflc In New York was apparently shared here,
as good buying of these shares was reported
to-day. There was some talk of an advance
of the bank rate to-morrow, but such action la
Improbable, especially as French and German
exchange Is moving favorably to London.
NTTW YORK, Oct. 31.— The Commercial Ad
vcrtljer's London financial cablegram says:
London Market.
Gen Elec prefd.;:.;l40 lOsceola ',....... 71%
Kd Elec 111.. ,....>. 213 ;PatTOt .............. 44^4
Mexican: Central.... 11% Qulncy ...v. ...155-
Mich: Telephone...; 85 (Santa Fe Copper:,. 6Y 3
N E Gas & Coke.. 12',i fUtah Mining... .... 3H4
Old Colony. ..:... ...202 Winona ;..-......:.. 3-
Old Uomlnion...... 20% Wolverines '".-..'-.'...u 41»A
Hubber .;.,. 41 . .- ¦ .. - .•.¦.;.
California Fruit Sales.
Flour, qr sks 3.4SO[Quicksllver. flsks !O.
Wheat, ctla...;... 1,130 F.res. doi 14,73!)
Barley, ctls 8,7SO ! Hldes, No 625
Rye. ctls 92O|Pelts. bdl3.... 3.891
Butter, ctls 2C6!Shorts. sks - ; 23
Cheese, ctls 205 : Wool. . bales 153
Tallow,- ctls 224 Hops, bales....... 73:
Lime, bbls 226 Straw tons....... 15
Sugar, bbls........ 743 Hay. tons 430
Wine, gals 63,200 (Middlings, sks... 48ft
Leather, rolls.... 103jBran sks 6S3-.
Brandy, gals 3,275; Onions, sks.. :. 809
Raisins, bxs...... 1,025! Potatoes, sks 6,797
Sugar, sks L900 .Beans, sks 11.429
v ' "f. OREGON.
Wool, balea 39 f
FOR WEDNESDAY. OCTOBER 31.
Receipts of Produce.
Bags, «%@6?4c for white and 8USS%c for
bleached Jute. ¦ . ' . _ , .
COAL — Wellington, $9 per ton: Southfleld
Wellington. $9; Seattle. $7; Bryant, $. ; Cooa
Bay, $5 50; Wallsend. $3; Co-ooeratlve vkaii
send. $9: Cumberland. $12 In bulk and $13 2o in
sacks; Pennsylvania Anthracite Egg. $": can
nel. $12 per ton: Coke, $15 per ton In balk ana
$18 In sacks; Rocky Mountain descriptions.
$8 45 per 2000 lbs and $S 50 per ton. according to
brand. ;
SUGAR— The Western Sugar Refining Com
pany quotes, per lb. 1A 100-lb bags: '¦¦
Crushed, 6.65c: Powdered. 6.25c; Candy Gran
ulated, 6.25c; Dry Granulated. 6.15c; Confec
tioners' A, 6.15c; Magnolia A. 6.75c; Extra C,
5.65c: Golden C, 5.55c; barrels, 10c more; half
barrels, 25c more; boxes, 50c more; CO-lb bags,
10c more: No orders taken for less than »»
barrels or Its equivalent. Domlnos, lialf-bar
rels, 6.90c; boxes, 7.15c per lb. V :•.''-: 'J ' -r'--
SHEEP— Receipts, 15,000; sheep and lambs
generally steady; good to choice wethers. $3 35
4?4 10; fair to choice mixed, $3 35(53 90; Western
sheep, $3 75@4 10; Texas sheep, $2 60@3 50; na
tive lambs, $4 2505 25; Western lambs, $475
@5 25.v . •-•'¦• ; ¦¦ ¦¦¦'¦.: •;.: ;
HOGS— Receipts to-day. 33,000; to-morrow,
28,000; left over, 4000; shade lower, closing
strong; top,. $4 77%; mixed and butchers. $4 40ftf>
* 77%; good to. choice heavy, $4 50(g'4 75; rough
heavy, $4 35® 4 55; light, $4 30@4 75; bulkol
Bales, $4 65@4 65.
prime steers, $5 50®6 60; poor to medium. $4 40®
5 50; selected feeders. $3 85@4 55: mixed stock
ers. $2 75@3 SO; cows. $2 £>@4 25: heifers. $2 60©
4 60; 'canners, $1 eoig^ 60; bulls, $2 60@4 40;
calves. $3 75fg6; Texas ; fed steers, S4@4 85;
grassers, $3 25@4 10; bulls, $2 D0@3 25.
BAGS — San . Quentln Bags, J5 65; Calcutta
Grain Bars. June and July. 6U@6Ue; Wool
Bags. 28V4®32%c; Fleece Twine, 7^c; Fruit
BEEF— 6#6%c for Steers and 5®5%o perlb
for Cowb. :
VEAL— Large, 7@Sc; small, 8H@9c per lb.
MUTTON—^Vethers, 7®7Hc; ewes, 6^4@7c per
pound.' .--.'. --.-,*
LAMB— SlgS Vic per lb. .
PORK— Live Hogs, 5#c for small, 5'ic for
medium and 5'icr for . large ; stock Hogs and
feeders, 5c; dressed Hogs, 7^i@814c.
¦ General Merchandise.
TALLOW— No. 1 rendered, 4@4V4c per lb; No.
2. -3@3V^c: grease, 2tff2V6e.
WOOL— Spring clip is quotable as follows:
Northern, free. lS@16c: Northern, defective, 12®
14c; Middle County, free, 14@16c; Middle County,
defective. 12(gl4c; - Southern Mountain, 12
months', 9® 10c; Southern Mountain, free. 7
months', ll@12c; Southern Mountain, defective.
7 months', !><(?llc; Humboldt and Mendocino, 16
@17c: Nevada. 13® 16c per lb. • -.
Fall Clip — San Joaquln. 6H®Sc; do Lambs', 8
©9c; Mlddla County, 9@10c per lb.
HOPS-llH@15c per lb.
San Francisco Meat Market.
HIDES AND SKINS— Culls and brands sell
about lc under quotations. Heavy salted
Steers. 9&c; medium, 8%c; light, S^c; Cow
hides, 8>ic; Stags, 6c; Salted Kip, 9c; Salted
Veal, 9c; Salted Calf, 10c; Dry Hides, 16c; culls,
14c; Dry Kip. 15@16c; Dry Calf. 16c; culls and
brand's. ; 13@14c: Sheepskins. Shearlings. 15(g'25c
each ; Ehort Wool, 30®40c each ; medium. 50<g)
70c; leng Wool, 73c!^$l each; Horse Hides,
salt, J2 50 forlarge. $2 for medium, Jl for small
and 50c for colts; Horse Hides, dry,-- $1 60 for
large. $1 25 for medium. $1 for small and 25<J?5<lc
for colts. Deerekins — Summer or red skins. 35c;
fall or medium skins, 30c; -winder or thin skins,
17%<@20c. Goatskins— Prim* Angoras, 75c; large
and smooth, 50c; medium, 33c.
COTTOLENE — One-half barrel. 8%c; three
half barrels, SHc; one tierce. 8Hc; two tierces,
SVic: live tierces, SHc per lb.
Hides, talloiv, Wool and Hops.
LARD— Tierces quoted at 6%c per lb for com
pound and 9c for pure; half -barrels, pure, 9Vic;
10-lb tins. 9%c; 6-lb tins. 9%c.
CURED MEATS— Bacon. 10Vi@llc" per lb for
heavy, 12c for light medium, 13c for light,- 14s
for extra light and 13c for sugar cured; East
ern sugar-cured Hams. 11V4@12c: Mess Beef,
$12 E0 per barrel; extra Mess, $13 50; Family,
$13 60; extra Prime Pork, $10; extra clear, $19 60;
Mess, $16; Smoked Beef. 13c per lb.
No further cuts are reported.
HONEY-Comb. 13V4@14He for bright and 12>4
©13c for light amber; water white, extracted.
7*,@8c; light amber, extracted, 7@7V4c; dark, 6
@6Vic per lb.
BEESWAX— 24@26c per j D .
llOuiSlOtlS. I h ¦
NUTS— Chestnuts, "ig8c per lb; Walnuts, No.
1 softshell, lie; No. 2, 8c: No. 1 hardshell, 10c;
No. 2, 7%c: Almonds, 15@16c for paper-shell,
ll&12iic for softshell: Peanuts. 5@6c for East
ern: Brazil Nuts, 13e; Filberts, 13c; Pecans, XI
@J3c; Cocoanuts, $3 50@5.
It W8S reported yesterday that the Prune
Association, at a meeting on Tuesday, created
a new size— 73 to 80, designating It- as 78— and
cut its price Uc for export, domestic prices
remaining as before.
FRUITS— Prunes, Santa Claras, 4 sizes 3c*
40-50s, 7c; 5O-60s, 6>{c; 60-TOs, ,3%c; 70-80s. 3V4c;
80-909. 2?ic; 9^-lOOs. 2Uc; ICOs and over. 2c; ru
bles. He premium; Sonomas, %c and San Joa
quins V*.c less than Santa Claras, except 100s
and over, which stand the same. Apricots, 6@
8c for Royals and 10®ll«ic for Moorparks-
Evaporated Apples, 4@4Hc; sun-dried, 2&<g-ic-
Peaches, 4%@5c for standard. 6@6c for choice
and 7@7%c for fancy; Pears, 2@7c; Plums,
pitted, 5<g6%c; unpitted. l@l>/4c; Nectarines, 5@
5Hc for red and 6^4<g6c for white.
RAISINS— The Raisin Growers" Association
has established the following prices for the
season of 1900: Bleached Thompson's fancy, 12c
per lb; choice, lie; standard.- 8*4c; prime, 8c;
unbleached Thompson's. 9c per lb. Sultanas
Fancy, 10%c per lb; choice, 9V4c; standard. S*;c;
prime, Sc; unbleached Sultanas, 8c; Seedless,
EO-lb boxes, 6Hc; 2-crown loose Muscatels, 6c;
2-crown, 6%c; 4-crown, 7c; London Layers, 2
crown. $1 50 per box; 3-crown. $1 60; Fancy
Clusters, $2; Dehesa. $2 50; Imperial. $3. All
r rices t. o. b. at common shipping points in
California. i ; "
GRAPES — Muscats, Tokays, Verdells. black
and other ordinary varieties, 40©50c per small
box and 50<3<5Gc per crate; Isabellas, in crates,
75c@$l; Cornlchons, In crates, 40@63c: Wine
Grapes, $lS<g20 for White, $20«22 for Mission
and ?15iS25 per ton for Zlnfandel.
MELONS — Nutmegs, 25© 50c per case; Canta
loupes, 50c@U per crate.
CITRUS FRUITS— Navel Oranges. $2 5004 50;
Seedlings, $2 50; Lemons. 40c@$l 25 for com
mon and $1 50,«2 50 for good to choice: Mexican
Limes $4ff4 50: California Limes. 40@5Oc: Ba
nanas,' $1 75®2 £0 per bunch; Pineapples, $1 50@
3 50 per dozen.
Dried Fruits, Nuts and Raisins.
There are more Oranges on the market and
quotations' for Navels are slightly lower.
Lemons and Limes continue dull.
Other fruits show no change worthy of note,
except Pears, which are lower.
DECIDUOUS FRUITS— ..
.APPLES— 23@50c per box for common and
60®80c for good to choice; Spitzenbergs, 60c@?l;
Oregon Spltzenbergs, $1 25.
PEARS— Winter Nells, 50@S5c; Cooking Pears,
25^JC0c oer box.
QUINCES — 40075c per box.
PERSIMMONS— 35<§65c per box.
CRANBERRIES— Cape Cod. $S 2593 EO per
barrel; Coos Bay. $232 23 per box.
STRAWBERRIES— $3@4 50 per chest for large
and $S for small berries.
HUCKLEBERRIES— 6c per lb.
RASPBERRIES-$» 50®6 per chest.
POMEGRANATES— 75c@$l. according to size
of box.
PLUMS— 20J?40c per box.-
Deciduous and Citrus Fruits.
CHEESE — New, ll^c; old, 9@lle; Young
America. 11H@12Hp; Eastern. 13Vs@14c; West
ern, 10^? 12c per lb.
EGGS— Quoted at 20@30c for store and 37V£@
44c per dozen for ranch; Eastern, lS@:6c
Storage goods — 22V4S24c,
BUTTER—
Creamery — Fancy Creamery, 23%S24c; Sec
onds. 22%<g23e.
Dairy— Fancy. 22Hc; good to choice, 21®22c;
common, 20c.
Creamery tub— 20?T22Vic per lb.
Pickled roll— 19@21c.
Firkin— lS@19c.
Butter and Chese are as before quoted. Some
dealers report rather more movement in But
ter.
Opinions regarding Eggs are conflicting, some
dealers reporting a firm and others a weak
market with accumulating stocks. Receipts
are certainly larger, as will be seen elsewhere,
and stocks are undeniably more liberal than
they were a week ntro. ¦ .
Butter, Cheese and Eggs.
POULTRY— Live Turkeys. 14©15c for Uob
blers and 14@15c for Hens; old Turkeys, 11®
12%c; Dressed Turkeys, 15® 17c; Geese, per pair,
$1 5C@1 75; Goslings, $1 75@2; Ducks, $3® 4 for
old and $4®6 for young; Hens, '$3 5034 50;
Young Roosters, $4®4 CO; Old Roosters, $3 50@
4 50; Fryers. $3@3 60; Broilers. $3@3 50 for large
and $2 50@3 for small; Pigeons, $1 per dozen
for old and $1 60@l 75 for Squabs.
GAME— Quail, $1 25 for Valley and $2@2 25 for
Mountain; Mallard, $4@6; Canvasback, $4®6;
Sprig; $3@3 50: Teal. $3; Widgeon, $2; Small
Duck, $1 75; Gray Geese, $3; White Geej-e, $1
01 60; Brant. $1 75 for small and $2 for large;
Englleh Snipe, $1 50; Jack Snipe, $1; Hare, $1
@1 25; Rabbits. $1 25@1 50 for cottontail and
$1®1 25 for brush; Doves, 60@63c per dozen.
Two cars of Eastern Poultry cams in. Prices
were unchanged, but the market was weak.
Game was lower, though receipts were not
very large.
Poultry and Game.
VEGETABLES— Green Peas, 5@6c per 1b;
String Beans, 3@6c; Llmas. 2@3c per lb; Cab
bage, $1; Tomatoes, Bay, 25@75c; Egg Plant.
35@a0c per box; Green Okra. 40®50c; Green Pep
pers, 30@£0c per box for Chill and 40@50c lor
Bell; EVried Peppers. 10@15c; Carrots, 25@35c
per sack; Summer Squash, 75<gS5c for Alameda;
Cucumbers, 40@60c for Alameda; Pickles, $1 50
per box for No. 1 and $1 for No. 2: /Garlic,
4@5o per lb; Marrowfat Squash, $10@12 per ton.
.The only change worthy of note under this
head is a further advance In Onions. Strlnsr
Beans from Los Angeles brought 5c per 1b.
River Reds, 70@80c; Burbanks,
SOtloOc tor Rivers and 'S3c!g$i la per ctl for
Salinas and $0£90c for Oregon; Sweets, 50@75c
for Rivers and 90c for Merced.
ONIONS— 90c® $1 15 per ctl; Pickle Onions, 50
Receipts of Beans were 11,429 sacks, maklnr
over 34.900 sacks during .the past three days.
Strange to say the market has not broken un
der this flood, and Is quoted firm, though It is
intimated that the. firmness is fictitious and
due to, speculative influences, V ¦ ; =
¦ BEANS— Bayos. ¦ $2 G0@2 75; Small White.
*3.S5@4; 'Large' White. $2 85@3; Pink. $190®
2 10; Red, $3 25; Blackeye, $2 85@3; Lima. $515
©.a 25; -Pea, $4@4 25; Red Kidney. $3 73@4. .
.SEEDS— Brown Mustard, nominal; Yellow
Mustard, nominal;. Flax, $2 25@2 40;- Canary.
3%c per . Ib-for California and 4c for Eastern;
Alfalfa, 9@9V4c; Rape. 2\t,<SZc; Hemp, 4®4M;c;
Timothy; 4@4Hc. ' : . •¦• :.•¦•¦-¦.
DRIED PEAS— Nlle«. $1 50@2; Green. M SO®
2 20 per ctl; Blackeye. $1500173. ; . .
Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables.
Beans and Seeds.
HAY— Volunteer, $5@S; Wheat, $U@13 50;
Wheat and Oat. $10(ffl2 60; Oat. $9@11 50; Clover,
$5@7; Alfalfa. • $6 50@S 60; Barley. $7®9 per ton.
STRAW— 35@43c per bale.
per ton: Oilcake Meal at the mill, $25@26: Job
bing. $26 SO: Cocoanut Cake, $17013; Corn Meal.
S26<g27; Cracked Corn, $26 50@27 50; Mixed Feed,
$13<916. .. •
THE SAN- FRASTGISCO CALL, THURSDAY, NOVEMBER 1, 1900.
THE STOCK MARKET.
New York Grain and Produce.
Chicago Grain Market.
LOCAL MARKETS.
Foreign Futures.
10
COMMERCIAL FINANCIAL
AND NEWS
BEAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
Cora A. Morton (executrix, etc.. by John J
Maglnls, commissioner) to German Savings and
Loan Society, lot on N line of Broadway 137-s
"W of Webster street, W 137:6 by N 275- JS^ 319
Henrietta A. and Amelia C. Becker and ' So-
phie D. Asmus to Roswell Lee. lot on S line
of Turk street. 31:3 E of Pierce, E 25 by S
87:6; |10. y
Julius and Fannie Newman to Daniel D and
Jeremiah E. Lowney. lot on SW line of Ninth
street, 250 E of Harrison. SE 23 by SW 100; $10.
Homeseekers* Loan Association to John E
Cross, lot on W line of Hartford street. 171 >f
of Nineteenth. N 22 by W 125; {1650.
O. B. and • Catherine Dondero to Roman
Catholic Archbishop of San Francisco (a corpo-
ration-sole), lot on S line of Lombard street.
137:6 W of Powell. W 60 by S 111:3; $10
, Lewis H. Sage to Alice M. Graham Sa?e. lot
BAY AND BIVZE STEAMERS.
FORU.S. NAVY-YARTanJvALLiEJO
Steamer " Montlcello."
MON.. Tues . Wed.. Thnra. and Sat at 9«
a. m.. S:15. 3:30 p. m. (ex. Thurs. nlVh't)- Fri
days. 1 p. m. and 8:30: Sundays. IOVjo V. m *
p^m. Landing «nd otflce. MN.ton-.ireit Doi«T
Pier No. 2. Telephone Mala IMS. < "'^ xx>ci».
FARri •.•*•..........•.•••••.. " ¦»*
J&evz**j>*?&3!zxr"^ ****** ' "
COXPAGCTS GENERALR TRANSATLAKTIQXS.
DIRECT LIJTE TO HAVRE-PARI& V~«I
Sailing every Thursday, instead of 4&Gi?i*X
Saturday, from November 2, 1SD9. at 23yj$£5
10 a. m.. from. Pier 42, North River, foot of
Morton street. LA TOURArNE. Not !•
L'AQUITAINE. Nov. 8 First class to Harre
!w and upward. Secor-4 c!aa» to Havre. *42 W
and upward. GENERAL AGENCY FOR
UNITED STATES and CANADA. 32 BrPadwaV
(Hudson building). New York. J. F. FUO\2I
& CO.. Pacific Coast Agents. 5 Montgomery
avenue. San Franoincn. * "*crjr
November 10. s'p.' „,.
J. 0. SPRECKELS & BROS. CO.. Agts.. 643 Market St
Pier 7. Foot Pacific SI Freight Office. 327 Market St
OCEANIC S.S. CO.— HONOLULU, APIA
AUCKLAND AND SYDNEY. ~*
SS. ALAMEDA for Honolulu. Samoa. Xew
Zealand and Australia
Wednesday. October 31, 9 n m.
SS. AUSTRALIA for Tahatl £ ™*
Thursday. November 1, 4 n. m.
SS. ZEALANDIA (Honolulu only>
From New Ycrk Every Wednesday. 12 noon.
Frlesland ....:.. Nov. 7 Kensington .....Nor 2J
Southwark Nov. 14 Noordland; Dec 5
Westernland ...Not. 25 Frlesland ..Dec 13
For freight and passage apply to .
INTERNATIONAL NAVIGATION CO
80 Montgomery >t. Or any of its agents.
RED STAR LINE.'
New York and Antwarp,*
Stopping at Cherbourg, westbound.
From New York Every Wednesday. 10 «, nu
St. Paul. ..Nov. 7 f St. Paul ....Nov. 2S
St Louis.... ....Nov. 14ISL Louis Dec »
New Tork Nov. 2l|New York. Dec U
AMERICAN LINE.
STEW TOSS. S0UTHAKPT03. LONDON. PASI3.
TOYO RISEN KAISHA.
STEAMERS WILL LEAVE "WHARF. COR-
ner First and Brannan streets, at 1 n m
for TOKOHAMA and HONGKONG, calling at
Kobe <Hlogo). Nagasaki and Shanghai, and
connecting at Hongkong with steamers for In-
dia, etc. ?fo cargo received on board on day
of sailing.
83. HONGKONG MARTJ
Tuesday. November 13, 19C0
SS. NIPPON MARC '. *****
Thursday. December 8. 1X»
ES. AMERICA MARTJ
Saturday. December 29, MOO
• Via Honolulu.
Round-trio tickets at reduced rates. For
ffleght and passage apply at company's of ace,
421 Market street, corner of First.
W. H. AVERT. General Agent.
COLTTMBIA sails Nor. 4. 14. 24. Dec 4
GEO. W. ELDER sails Nov. 9, 19 23
Short Line to Walla Walla, Spokane, Butte.
Helena and all points in the Northwest.
Through tickets to all DOlnts East.
E. C. WARD, General Agent.
S30 Market street.
From Spear-street Wharf at 13 A. M.
PARC $12 First Class. Including Berth
lA n C S8 Second Class. and Meals.
DISPATCH FAST STEAMERS TO
PORTLAND
THE 0. R. & N. CO.
Pacific Coast Steamship Co.
\ Steamers leave Broadway
fe^, -wharf, San Francisco:
Kffjb-^ For Alaskan Ports— 11 a. m.,
|gS3&V yov. 2, 7. 12. 17. 22, 27, D*c. 2.
KftSRSsTrJk Change to company's steazifrs
•*Sb5S N?v| For Victoria. Vancouver <B.
tfggft^flfiffll C), Port Townsend. Seattle.
I "^B^hSJ Tacoma, Everett, Ar.acortes
and New Whatcom (Wa.«h.>—
U a. m.. Nor. J. 7. 12. 17, 22.
27. Dec. 2. and every fifth day thereafter.
Change at Seattle for thla company** steamers
for Alaska and G. N. Ry. ; at Seattle or Tacoma
to N. P. Ry.; at Vancouver to C. P. Ry.
For Eureka. Humbcldt Bay— 2 p. ox. Nov. 4.
9. 14. 19. 24, 29. Dec. 4 and every fifth day there-
after.
For San IMego stopping only at Port HarfonS
(San Luis Obispo). Santa Barbara, Port Lcs
Angeles and Redondo (Loe Angeles)— 11 a. m.,
Nov. 1. 5. ». 13. 17. 2L 25. 23. Dec. J, and every
fourth <iay thereafter.
For Eanta Cruz. Monterey. San Simeon. Cayu-
cos. Port HarfortJ (San Luis Obispo), Gaviota.
Santa Barbara, Ventura. Hueneme, San Pedro,
East San Pedro (Los Angeles) and Newport— 9
a. m.. Nov. 3. 7. 11. IS. 19, 23. 27. Dec. 1. and
every fourth day thereafter.
Fcr Ensenada, Magdalena Bay. San Jose del
Cabo, Mazatlan, Altata. La Paz. Santa Rosalia
and Guaymaa (Mexico)— 10 a. m., 7th of each
month.
For further Information obtain company's
folders.
Tho company reserves the right to change
steamers, sailing dates and hours of sailing
without previous notice.
TICKKT OFFICB— i New Montgomery
street (Palace Hotel).
GOODALL. PERKINS & CO.. Gen. Agents.
10 Market st., Saa Francisco.
Emily K. Latham (by George I* Underbill,
attorney) to Karl H. Nickel, lots 10 to 13.
block B, Map of I At ham Terrace. Brooklyn
Township; $10. .
Mary A. and J. A. Fritz to Knut and Martha
BergendahL lots 1 and 2. block B, Allendale
Annex. Brooklyn Township: $10.
Mary A. Ryan (single) to Onorata Zerga
(wldowj. lot on E line of Bassett street. 137 :tt
N cf Uoyd avenue. N ST:6 by E 100. lot 11
and a portion lot 10. block B. Frultvale Sta-
tion Tract, Brooklyn Tcwnship; $10.
Charles A. and Winifred "W. Murdock to Wil-
liam Rutherford, lot » block F. Flint Tract.
Oakland; $10.
Samuel and Charlotte L. Abrams to Wallace
MacGregor. lot on 8 line of Channing way. liO
W of Fulton street. W. 50 by S 133. being a
portion of lot 6, block 3. map of property Ool-
leg-e Homestead Association. Berkeley: $10.
Charles A. and Alice C. Ilai-y to same, lot
on E line of Shattuck avenue. 36.22 S of Rus-
sell street. S 40,, E 117.73, N 40, W 115.31 to be-
ginning, being lot 17 and W 10 feet lot 14, block
C. Adeline Tract, Berkeley; $3.
Howard C. and Marv A. Thomas to Charles
H. Bentley, Warren Olney Jr. and Charles W.
Baiewell. lot on S line of Ridge road. 1C0 W cf
Bonte avenue. W SO by S 1+4, being lot 12.
block 20. Daley's Scenic Park. Berkeley; $10.
Hattie M. Kearney and Madge A. Manton
to James Kearney, lot on NE line of BrlgK»
avenue, 10CO SE of High street. SE 50 by NE
203, lot 23 on Map of Briggs Tract, Quitclaim
deed. Alameda; $10.
Sarah Jane Harris to Matilda A. Prince, all
interest In lot on W line -jf Broadway, 82 9
from N line of Blrnle street, said portion being
in center of certain brick wall thereon located,
thence S 2S to center of a certain brick wall
thereon located, thence W 5S:3»>i to a line dis-
tant 49 E from and parallel with center Una ot
Telegraph avenue, thence N 27:1 to center of
certain brick wall, thence E S5:3' 4 to beginning.
Oakland; $10.
Antonio and Maria Migala to Maxiantna Am-
brose (wife of Angelo A.) and Francisco Mlgalt
(femm« sole), all Interest in NE corner of Cas-
tro and Fourth streets, N 62:8 by E 100. lots 1.
2 and portion of lots 3 and 23, block i7. Kellers-
bergers Map, Oakland; $I(K -. •
John F. and Maria S. Dlnewell to Fred VT.
Dlehl. lot on E lire of West street. 60:1^, S of
"Walton or Thirty-fifth street, S 60:lH by E
116, lot 3, block D. Map of property of Central
Land Company. Oakland; 119.
Peter and . Sarah Thomson to Charles J.
Evans, lot on W line of Webster street. 60 3
cf Twentieth. S 63.71. NW 131.3. NE 20.51. NE
29.49. E 120 to beginning, Oakland; $ia.
• Solomon. I>ora. Bernharti and : Rose Gets : to
H:oma.3 -Russo,. : lot on NW line of Athena
street. ¦• 100 NE of . Persia. NE . S by N W . 100,
biocli «4, Excelsior. Hom*3teail: SfX.
-. Cordelia- L^ l>oc?Ke. and aa executrix of '¦' th»
rotate of Gilbert A. I>c<rse to C B. Van 'de
Mark, lot on H\V line of President strest. "»
NW of Flint. NW 25 by SW 113r?. lot 61. block
9. Flint Tract Homestead: $r.0.
Cordelia L. Dodifp to Cafsius B. Van de Mark,
lot on W. line of Flint street and SW line of
President. NAV M by SW 119:9, lot 6. block 9.
Flint Tract Homestead (warranty deed): iZOO.
Henry S, and Gabriel W. Bricltell to Louise
D.. ¦ Evadne, ¦ Howard and John C. Brlckell. all
interest In IS pieces. . .; •' ¦
;¦:¦:¦ Alameda County.
State Savings Bank to H. Le Baron Smith,
lot on NW line of Oakland avenue, 1S3 NE of
Moss avenue. . NE : 30. NW 125.23. S"W 30. SE
126.23 to beginning, being- lot. 7. block H. Flint
Tract. Oakland: $10.
¦.Oecrsre IL Itablnson t(> Laura J. .Robii.?on.
lot on SE corner nf.Forty-sevtfnth. avenue anJ
I street. S 100 by E 32:6; gift. : :
¦ -Celsus-and Ida E. Erower to EITen Geo^ne-
gan. : lot on S lfne of California street; &2:<i V
ot Third, avenue, E 25 by. S lCft;'$lfc ¦ . '
Edward A. and. Minnie L. Self ridge to Ed-
varcl M. Dunbar,- lot en- SW line of Ceala
street, 137:6 .NW of Harrison. NW 137:6 by SW*
Walter H. Llnforth to Mercantile Trust Com-
pany, lot on SW corner of California and Leav-
enworth streets, W .-20 by S 57:6; $5000. •;.".•.
Mary A. Denely, Lizzie A.. John T. ana
Joseph F. Keefe and Jarru-s J. Denely to Susan
Keefe. lot on SW corner of Geary &nd Hyde
streets. W 25 by S 87:S: also all interest In the
estate of Michael Keefe. No. TJ.M8 igrant and
assignment;; grant.
Charles I. Keefe to same, same (grant and
assignment); grant. — ' ¦:¦¦¦ ¦
Clara E. and J. A: Folger to Edward M.
Tninbar,. lot on SW line of Main street. 137:8
NW-of Folsom. NW 4r,.:10 by SW 137:6; $10.
¦Sari Francisco Savlnga Tnlin to Spencer C.
Burkbee, . lot on NE line of Fremont street.
SS:« NW of Harrison. NW ."2 by NE X31A: HO.
on NE corner of B street, and Twenty-sixth
avenue. N. 23 by E 75; also lot on S lln« of
Union street. 25 E or Battery. E 25 by S 60;
also lot on N line of Filbert street, 9S:*E of.
Baker, E 53:5, NW ¦• 13:10. SW 50: gift.
OCEA1I TRAVEL.Wives Want Divorces.
OAKLAND, Oct. 31.-Amelia J. Benson
has commenced suit for divorce from Lois
P. Benson, charging cruelty. Laura E
Leech wants to be divorced from Ashtori
E. Leech on the ground of desertion. Both
couples live in Oakland- -
The Tartars owe their alphabet to the
Christian missionaries known as th« Nes
torlans.
$ Licenses to Marry.
OAKLAND, Oct. 31.— Licenses to marry
were issued to-day *.o Thomas Perry
aged 25. and Mary Madeline Sllva. 20 both
of San Leandro: Sam Goldsmith, 24 and
Julia Lewis. 19. both of Oakland: Walter
Bcott, 22, and Katie Keefe. 17, both of
Oakland; Edwin Gardiner, 21, and Clara
Ledgett, M. both of Oakland.
Will Protect Children.
Articles of incorporation of the San
Francisco ¦ Society for the Protection of
Children were filed yesterday. The di
rectors are Daniel S. O'Brien, D. F Van
Pelt, Henry W. HasJam. E. L Wad ham
and John F. Curran. nara
OPERATIONS REST/MED
¦<> ; AT MANY MINES
Girls Employed at a Silk Mill Near
Hazleton Strike for Uniform
"Wages.
HAZELTON, Pa., Oct. 31.— The Mllnes
ville Coal Company, operated by the A. S.
Van Wyckle estate, will resume work
Friday. The company this afternoon
agreed to grant the men all the conces
sions made by the other companies and
operators. , ¦ >
Calvin. Pardee & Co. and a committee
representing the strikers for whom there
was no work at Lattlmer when operations
•were resumed on Monday, arrived at «n
amicable agreement to-day, and all the
discharged men will be back at their old
places to-morrow. ;
About 100 of the 150 girls employed at
the Freeland Silk Mill, twelve miles north
of here, went on strike this afternoon
because of the refusal of the company to
discharge a forewoman whose father, a
miner employed atrJeddo, Is said to have
worked during the coal strike.. The girls
NAPA. Oct. 81.— The stock barn belonging to
Zolner & Even, with 150 tons of hay, fifteen
fcheep and a wagon, was burned last night. The
1cm la $3CCft. partially Insured.
SEATTLE. Oct. *1.— The body of Wray Torr
ney Crit. who was drowned In Lake Washing
ton on Sunday while duck hunting, was re
covered to-day. The body of Clark C. Carr,
his companion, has not been found.
SAN JOSE. Oct. 31.— Fred Aun«clo«. a Bel
gian woodchopper, living on the Almaden road,
attempted suicide to-day by cutting his throat.
The wound Is not nececvarily fatal.
LOS ANGELES, Oct. 81.— Admiral Kautz and
his officers were Informally entertained at
luncheon to-day by the Chamber of Commerce.
To-nltrht the Philadelphia and Iowa left for
S&n Diego.
SAN JOSE. Oct. 31.— In a saloon row thi«
evening Al Bernal. a local politician, was ihot
In the neck by Barney O'Hanu a barkeeper
The wound Is not serious, as the bullet passed
out under th* chin without severing an artery.
LOS ANGELES, Oct. 81.— Reginald Valen
juela's $10,000 damage eult against ex-Ch>f of
Police Glass and Officers Fowler and Murray
fcr false lmprl»onment w«» decided in favor
of the defendant* this mornlnjf in Judge SuuttT*
dta-artment of the Suoerlor Court.
COAST NEWS IN BRIEF.
Christian Endeavor Meeting.
The Golden Gate Christian Endeavor
Union will hold Its flfty-flfth quarterlv
convention in Trinity Presbyterian Church
this evening. Rev. W. T. Alexander. Dr
K. C. Babcock. Dr. Hutsinplller. Dr Cher
lngton and Dr. E. A. Wood will be amonr
the speakers. , . .
Victim of an Arizona Assassin.
PHOENIX. Ariz., Oct. 31.-News Just
reached here of the mysterious murder of
Francisco Lopez, a young man. of Tomb
stone. Lopez was with a party of Mexi
cans at a wood camp in the vicinity of
Slavis Gulch, in the Dragoon Mountains.
He left the camp on a hunting expedition
and a few hours later his body was found
some distance away with a bullet hole in
the left side. Officers have no clew to the
murderer.
Christensen's Body Recovered.
EUREKA. Oct. 31.— The body of John
Chrlstensen, first mate of the schooner
Eliza Miller, • who was drowned on
the night of October 21 by the overturning
of a row boat in Arcata Bay, was found
this morning by his father. Captain John
Chrlstensen of San Francisco. Captain
Chrlstensen and a party had been search
ing for several days for the body.
Victory for Keane.
LONDON, 1 Oct. 31.— T. F. Keane. the
American runner, defeated F. C. Bredln.
English, in a 850-yard race at Northamp.
ton to-day for a. purse of £100. Keane, who
had the best or the start, won by two
yards. Time. 38 3-5 seconds.
Was Not Lynched.
MONTGOMERY, Ala.. Oct. 31.— The
neKro reported lynched near Anniston
Monday night was not killed, but was
given fifty lashes, while tied in a sack.
Frona Eunice Waite to Wed Again.
Cnpld Danforth yesterday Issued a
license for the rriarrlape of Frederick H
Colburn, whoso age is stated to be 21 and
residence 657 Bush Ptreet, to Frona Eunice
Waite, age given cs 21. residence also C57
Bush street, which Is the Wentworth Ho
tel. Mrs. Walte-has been a writer for the
press. Colburn Is connected with a busl
ress college.
Assistant Biologist Wanted.
The United States Civil Service Com
mission announces that on November 20
will be held in San Francisco and else
where an examination for the position of
assistant bloloRlst. Department of Agri
culture, at a salary if $1500 per annum.
Applicants should write to the commis
sion at Washington. D. C, for forms 304
and 375. . .
All Saints' Celebration.
The usual All Saints' celebration of the
Holy Communion will he held at the
chapel of the Cypress Lawn Cemetery to
day on the arrival of the 10:40 a. m. train
from. Third and Townsend streets.
At the close of the services an addition
to the Iowa Churchyard will be conse
crated by Bishop Nichols.
FRENCH CRTJISEKS
ANCHOR OFF BALTIMORE
Cordial Welcome Extended Admiral
* Richard by the Mayor
and Others. /
BALTIMORE. Oct. 21.— The FrencH
crullers I^a Sleilo and I>a SouchPt. the
former the flagship of Admiral Richard,
errived in p^rt late this afternoon. A
number of tujrs went down the bay to
rr.e»-t them, but no one was allowed aboard
until the vtndc cast anchor off th«» I-a
zarette light, in I^ower Canton, and the
cerrmony of exchanging national «a!utes
by the Vessels and Fort McHenry was
concluded.
The city tusr Baltimore then steamed
Elor.gslde 8nd the Mayor's secretary, Wil
liam P Ryan: General Felix Angus,
rhairman of the reception committee, and
¦M Rahlllion, representative of the French
Government at this port, -went aboard and
¦were shown to Admiral Richard s cabin.
* here General Angus, acting a* inter
preter for Mr. Ryan, conveyed the re
¦pecta of Mayor Hayes. Afterward Mr.
An?uf completed arrangements for the
part the visitors will take In entertain
ment feature* during their rtav.
To-morrcw morning Admiral Richards
find the officers of his Ftaff will make
their official rail upon Mayor Hayes.
Whlie a.hore they will also visit Cardina 1
Gibbons, returning to the La Slelle Jn time
to receive Ca-Main Peter Leary of. the
Fourth Unlted'Ftates Artillery. c°mrnan«
fcnt of Fort McHenry and the defences
of Baltimore, and the representatives of
the l-nited States Army. In the evening
Admiral Richard and several of his offi
cers will dine with .Theodore Marburg
On Friday Mayor Hayes mill ret«™ vl
visit of the French Admiral. A | P ubnc J^:
cer-tlon will be tendered the visitors from
5 until €:30 at the City Hall, at the con
clusion of which lunch will be served at
the Merchants' Club. Later in the even-
Ing tine victor* will attend a theater par
ty. On Saturday evening a public banquet
will be luld. . ,
It 1? expected that the French vessels
will remain at this port about Fix daye.
SAI/E OF COPPER MINES
IN LOWEB CALIFORNIA
Charles Bcnton Buys the Ban Fer
nando Group for a Syndicate
of Capitalists.
SAN DIEGO. Oct 31.-Charles Benton,
a cslnlne expert who has arrived here
from Lower California, announces that
ha has purchased from James Bropby and
•MOdatef tht San Fernando group of cop-
OAKT.AXD. Oct. 31.— William 8.
Harlow. under Sheriff of Alame
da County, to-morrow will cele
brate his twenty-fifth anniver
sary as an official in that ca
pacity. For a quarter of a century the
under Sheriff has had the unique distinc
tion of being undisturbed in his position,
no matter what wore the rjolltlcal affil
iations of his superior. During his Incum
bency Under Sheriff Harlow has served
under the following Sheriffs: Harry N
Morse. Jeremiah Tyrrell, Charles Mc-
Clever y. W. E. Hale. W. H. H. Hussey.
Robert McKilllcan, Calvin B. White and
Oscar Rogers.
As an authority upon the duties of
Sheriffs and Constables. particularly
with relation to the handling of real and
personal property. Mr. Harlow stand*
without an equal In California. During
his official life he has issued two edition*
of a work upon that subjoot. which' Is rec
ognized as an able and complete digest
Mr. Harlow Jifgan his official life No
vember f, 1S75. For years before that he
had been one of the ablest Journalists In
the State. He surrendered that profession
to enter upon his official career, which
has been marked hy fidelity and ability
The Good Samaritans Entertain.
The Good Samaritan Hall at Folsom and
Second streets was packed last evening
on the occasion of the semimonthly enter
tainment given to the gpneral public. Tha
hall watt prettily decorated for the oc
casion and many of the reception commit
tee were elegantly gowned. The follow
ing programme was rendered under tho
direction of Mrs. Julia Melville Snyder:
Piano solo. Miss Melville; pong- and dance
Ivah Parker: dance, A»hton Boardmnn: r-onr"
Mips Ktta Culbreth: recitation. H»nry Mathew
urn; elections, "Bohemian Girl." Little Nina
dance. Ashton Boardman. The performance
concluded, with the comedietta ?I A Comical
CtuntenB." with Georire Parker an Chevalier de
Vllbrae. Mm. Melville Snyder as the Barcne^n
Nina Melville. a» the Servant and Etta Culbreth
as Counters Lespaller. Introducing popular
tcr.g*. A rendition of the "Star Spangled
Bcnner" was fclven by Mist Etta Culbreth. and
the audience Joined In a hearty chorus.
Secretary M. J. "White of the California
Society for the Prevention of Cruelty to
Children: Officer H. McMurray, who la
attached to the society, and Robert D.
MaJne. were booked at the City Prison
yesterday morning on the charge of kid
naping. They are accused by Mr3.
George Vincent of 46% Tehama street with
forcibly taking from her Tuesday after
noon her four children. Cora, Ida, Hazel
and Maude Maine, while they were legal
ly in her custody. The three men were
released on $10 cash ball each, accepted
by Judge Cabanis3.
The woman was divorced from Maine In
Los Angeles In April. 1S78. being awarded
the custody of the four children. She al
leges that Maine returned from Arizona
about tea days ago and meeting her on
the street threatened to have her heart's
blood if she did not live with him again.
She could not cio so even If she were will
ing, she told him. as she was married to
George Vincent, a Portuguese, In Oak
land, a week ago. Tuesday afternoon
Maine, accompanied by Secretary White
and Officer McMurray. called at her house
and demanded possession of her four chil
dren. She asked if they were officers, but
they gave her no satisfaction, she says,
and McMurray called her and her
daughter Cora, 12 yearn of age, a vile
name, following It up by striking them
both on the face, the woman declare*.
Then the three men took away the chil
dren.
Secretary White says that hl3 society
took hold of the case at the request of
Maine, who was excellently recommended
"I think under the circumstances," he
added, "and with the evidence of the
woman's unfltness to take care of the
children, which la in our possession, we
were justified In doing what we did. Mc-
Murray did not Insult the woman as she
claims, and said nothing that wa.* not In
my opinion proper. Purcell Rowe. at
torney for the sochty. advised us that
we had the authority to take possession
of the children and we acted on that ad
vice. Judge CofTey time and again has
upheld actions of the kind in similar cir
cumstances."
Officer McMurray also denied that hte
conduct toward Mrs. Vincent was im
proper. He admitted, however, that the
proper course would have been to have
procured a warrant for the woman's ar
rest for not being a fit custodian for the
children. Maine corroborated McMurray
and said that he ha'.! been giving th
woman money to support the children and
had even paid up the arrears for their
maintenance in the Beulah Home.
Captain Seymour sent for Mrs. Vincent
yesterday and after hearing her state
ment said: "White and McMurray had no
right to enter the woman's house without
warrant and take away her children. She
was the legal custodian of the little ones
according to the decree In the divorce
case, and If she was considered an unfit
person to have their custody there was a
legal remedy to> get them away from her.
The woman has been working hard in
canneries to support her children, as her
hands will show, and Is apparently deeplv
attached to them. If I were Chief of Po
lice I would not alllow an officer to have
anything to do with these societies."
Chief Sullivan sent for Officer McMur
ray. who told him that the woman had
been under surveillance for over a year,
and that If what was said about her
were true, she was utterly unfit to have
the custody of the children. He denied
using an offensive name to the woman or
the girl, but checked the latter for her
Intemperate language. The chief will
probably await the outcome of the cas*»
before takine any action. McMurray has
held the position he now occupies for a
number of years and no charge has been
brought against him. Action has been
commenced In the Superior Court for th©
appointment of a proper guardian for the
children. ¦
White, McMurray and Maine
Arrested and Released
on Bail.
ARE ACCUSED
OF KIDNAPING
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
• HIS Broadway. Oct 3L
Every scrap of old junk, disused and
never utilized property of the Contra
Costa Water Company Is being dragged
into the evidence at the rates trial to
pile up what will unquestionably be an
enormous total .valuation upon its plant.
The water company's lawyers have
gone into the minutest details of con
struction, even to the number of teams
and the men employed upon every Inch
of ground while they have dug up from
the corporation's records, not unburned,
all sorts of property, movable and im
movable, upon which they propose to
place .their estimates of value.
Attorney Hayne, for the city, has
followed his antagonists so closely that
he has a complete record of everything
the corporation has no far claimed, tha
theory being that he proposes to show in
the course of the trial the uselessness of
much of the property the company owns.
• The cross-examination of Engineer
Hewson was concluded to-day. Out of It
all was brought one more record which
has not been reduced to ashes. It is a
complete map of the Contra Costa Water
Company's watershed at San Leandro
L«ake. The reason It. is still In existence
was shown by Hewson, who said he had
made it for the private use of former
President Henry Pierce. The map was
delivered to Pierce since the cremation
of the corporation's books.
This afternoon Attorney McGutcheon
thought he saw a big opening in Haynes'
line and like a football back bucking the
center the water company's lawyer pro
posed to hurl Into evidence all of the com
pany's records of Its pipe line holdings.
McCutcheon had the documents, but he
had not fairly started to smash Into the
record before Hayne was at him. And
when Hayne quotes law he does it in such
a way that a court Is l>ound to nearken.
"There Is no rule of evidence in exis
tence by which those books can go In
now." declared the attorney emphatically,
and the court was compelled to accept
that view. ,¦
As soon as that was settled 'Engineer
Hewson was withdrawn and Octave Le
nleux who had been foreman of construc
tion at the San Leandro dam for several
years during the early work on the res
ervoir, was put on the rack. Foreman
Lenleux started to tell what- he knew
about the building, of the dam and the
dreary round of sluicing, puddle nits,
tamping and excavating was renewed.
The engineer experts all looked wise and
took copious notes. Finally McCutcheon
looked at the clock and said he would like
to catch the train for San Francisco and
the court accommodatingly adjourned
until to-morrow.
All Sorts of Odds and Ends
Are Dragged Into the
Water Case.
OLD JUNK TO
SWEL L VALUES
will demand a uniform wage rate of $1
a day.
SHEXANDOAH, Pa,, Oct. 31.-The Sus
quehanna Coal Company at William
Per.n. near here, to-day granted the de
mands of the mine -workers In that col
liery and will resume operations to-mor
row. This is one of the largest opera
tions in the country, 700 men being em
ployed.
SCRANTON. Pa.. Oct. 31.— The Clark
tunnel miners returned to work to-day
when the company acceded to their de
mand for the discharge of an objection
able boss named Speeder.
?
DISCHARGES HOSPITAL
FUND RECEIVERS
Part of Fund Not Yet Dis
tributed.
Must Pay Into Court Begistry That
ST. PAUL. Minn.. Oct. 31.— Judge San
borri made an order {o-day for the dis
charge of the receivers of the Union Paci
fic Railway Company as receivers of the
hospital fund upon their paying into the
registry of the court the remainder of
that fund which has not been distributed
and placing their report on file for the
time prescribed by the rules of the court.
The amount of money for distributfon to
those who contributed to the hospital fund
of the railway was $64,292 30. The amount
of claims allowed was $259,749. The num
ber of allowed claims was 12,431.
Allowed claims to the amount of $5550 36
have not been presented to the receivers
for payment, and that amount of money
was ordered by the Judge to be deposited
In the registry of the court, to be paid to
the claimants as they appear by the clerk
of the court at Omaha. No fees or allow
ances were asked by the receivers, their
counsel or the special paymaster for the
services of administering and distributing
this fund and none was allowed, but the
entire fund was distributed to the con
tributors after deducting the actual neces
sary expenses, hire of clerks and printing.
No objection was made to the report of
the receivers and they were commended
by the court. About 100 odd claims have
not been presented.
LEAPS TO HIS DEATH
WHEN NOT IN DANGER
Fireman George W. Hand of the
Oregon Express Loses His
SACRAMENTO. Oct. 31.— George W.
Hand, a fireman on the Oregon express,
lost his life at an early hour this morn-
Ins at Proberta. Tehama County. Hand
was on the southbound express. A freight
train had gone upon the siding at Pro
berta to allow the express to pass. In go
ing upon the switch the freight train
pushed several cars ahead of it. The cars
were pushed along: too far, as they pro
jected upon the main track, and as tRe
express train came along it struck the
corner of the first car.
Hand felt the Jar. and evidently believ
ing: that a serious accident was about to
occur, he Jumped from the cab of his en
grine. The train was stopped and the
trainmen went back to look for Hand.
He was so seriously hurt by the fall that
he died within a short time after the acct
dent.
HAS SERVED FOR
QUARTER CENTURY
William Harlow Fills One
OEce for Twenty
; Five Years.
Oakland Office San Prancisco CaJl,
111$ Proadway. Oct. 2L
The census fl^urec for Alameda. Coun
ty In detail have been received In Oak
land and they fhow a remarkable growth
In and about Oakland. The rrowth has ;
rot been confined to Oakland alone, but ]
Berkeley and FYuitvauie, known officially
a« "Brooklyn Township outFide," have
nearly trebled In sire. The exact gain of
Oakland was 18.27&. Berkeley phows a.
pain of PU3. while Brooklyn Township
outside of the city of Oakland pained 5060.
Alameda aflded 529? to its population. As
the boundaries of Oakland. Alameda,
Berkeley and Fruitva'.e join without in
tervening territory this makes the popu
lation of this section, which if practically
one «~Hy. 104.W6. There has been a steady
growth In every portion of the county.
as the following figures Till show:
19-10. ISM.
Alarrx'da County I3O.197 83.R64
Alam'fla To»nfhlp. co-^x?ensive
with Alameda City 1S.464 11,155
Brooklyn Town^Mp. exclusive of
cf part of <t»ltl8n1 City 1,188 3.10S
Eien To» nfhip. inrludlnr Hay
*ra*-lt> «r»<S San Lean-3ro towns. 9.330 7,S3(
Heywirtt town l.JtS 1.419
Pan Lea.n<lro town 2.2S3
Murray Towr^hip. including Liv
rrmore and PWfanton town*. 7.172 5,937
Llverrnore town 1.4?J 1.291
Plea*a.mon town Lift
Oakland City, in r.rooklyn ar,<l
Oakland Townships &5.96O 4$. 6*3
TVerd populations— N*w ward lines:
TVard 1 7.2*3
V. ar<1 2 S.7I2
T^trt J. ».<-*o
Mini 4 S.J">3
V«rd 5 7,*68
V.'erd < 11.661
Ward 7 11,4:7
Oakland Towr'nhip. Including
B»rk^l»y anfl Emeryville to-^rns.
but exclusive cf p»rt of Oak
;«i<5 City 15.189 12.^9
P»rke]ey town 13.214 5.101
KT>»ryvl!!» town 1.01« K«
¦U'aehing-tor! Towns-hip 6.941 S.SM
Large Growth in and About
the City of Oak
land.
ALAMEDA COUNTY
CENSUS FIGURES
THREE LADIES WHO WILL
SING AT THE T. W. C. A,
BENEFIT.
per mir.es, about seventy miles south of
tan Qufntln and between the twerity-ninth
and thirtieth parallels. The purchase was
made for P. Burns of Canada. \V. R.
Rampdell of Helena, Mont-, and others.
Extensire development work will soon be
commenced. The price is .not given, but
it is known that not longago $250 A*') was
refused for thep« properties.
The group-consists -of the San Fernando.
San Fernado l. Calumet Rosario. Calumet-
Hecla. La SaJje, Cabrillo and other mi.nes,
embracing an prea twenty mile!' square.
T.h» Fan F«rri.-indo is oneof the most
Celebrated copper mirics in Mexico and Is
Fsid;to equsl in richness the best mines of
this country, although it has been idle,
since 1KV1. Mr. B*nton says his company
will buil/1. a large reduction plant on the
property, connecting it by rail with the
coast. ' • . '.. . . -. ...
STRIKE CALLED OFF BY' }.
IRON MOUNTAIN MINERS
"Willing to Return to Work, but the
Company Is in No Hurry to
Resume Operations.
KESn-ICK. Oct. SI.— The strike at Iron
Mountain was declared off this morning
by the miners. It failed because of the
lack of organization. The men are now
willing to return to work at the old wage
scale and hours. The company, however.
does not seem to be anxious about re
suming work Immediately. The strike has
in no wise affected the operation of the
smelter at this. place.
The miners are bitter against Mine
Superintendent Selkirk, intimating: that
he was* mainly repponplble for the strike.
The strikers are leaving the camp rapid
ly, departing in gangs of five, ten, fifteen
and twenty.
PUBLISHERS CHARGED
WITH BLACKMAIL
President of Wall-Street Press Ar-
rested at Instance of C. W.
Morgan, a Broker.
NEW YORK, Oct. 31.— Leonara Watson.
Counsel for and assistant manager of tht»
Wai! Street Press: John Evans, president
of th«» paper, and Ferdinand G. Gardiner,
an employe, were defendants in the Po-
Uce Court to-day on the charge of black
mail. The complainant is C. ,W. Morgan.
a hanker and broker. Morgan says that
Gardiner came to him several days ago
¦with a proof of an article which he
threatened to publish in the Wall Street
Prr-Fs if he (Morgan) did not nay JloQO.
Mr. Morsran says he denounced the article
as HbelouB and finally ordered Gardiner
out of his office.
On the following day. Mr. . iorgan as
serts. Watson and EvanB calleo and re
peated the demand. He then agreed to
pay them J15<V) and ne asserts that the
defendants accepted a marked $500 bill on
account. The accused were held In $2000
bail each for examination November 9.
CORNELIUS ALVORD
IN THE POLICE COURT
District Attorney Announces That
Prisoner Will Bs Turned Over to
United States Authorities.
NEW YORK. Oct. 31.— Cornelius L. Al
vord Jr.. the former note -teller of th*
First National Bank, who embezzled $690,
000 of the bank's funds, was rearialgned
in the Police Court to-day, but his exam
ination was adjourned until to-morrow.
District Attorney Gardiner announce-1
this afternoon that Alvord would b»
turned over to the United States author
ities. •
Rioter Convicted.
AKRON. Ohio, Oct. Si.— Harvey Earls,
one of the rioters indicted by the special
Grand Jury, was to-day convicted of ille
gally possessing and using- dynamite.
This Is the first of the cases to be tried.
Frank O. Carpenter.
CHICAGO. Oct. 31.-Frank G. Carpen
ter, treasurer and general manager of the
Nye & Jenks Grain Company and a mem
ber of the Board of Trade. di*»d from In
juries received In alighting from an Illi
nois Cantral train last night.
A. F. Watson.
BALTIMORE. Md.. Oct. 31.— A. F. Wat
son of Philadelphia, who was injured dur
ing a steeplechase at Pimllco yesterday,
died to-day, never having regained con
sciousness.
Octavia Kanauth.
NEW YORK, Oct. 31.— Octavta Ka
nauth, a member of the banking firm of
Kanauth. Hachod & Kuhne of this city
and Leipzig, Germany, died here to-day
after a short illness.
A. II. McGregor.
NEW YORK. Oct. 31.— The death of A.
M. McGregor, a director of the Standard
Oil Company, was announced here to-day:
Ear! of Darnley.
LONPON. Oct. 31.— Edward . Henry
Stuart Bligh, seventh Earl of Darnley, is
dead. He was born In 185*-
MAYOR PHELAN yesterday an
nounced the appointment of
Horace Wilson and Henry J.
Stafford to be members of the
Board of Supervisors. Stafford
and Wilson -were selected- to succeed the
&te Supervisors Helms and Duboce, who
died in office. In politics Stafford Is a
Democrat, while Wilson is a Republican.
Velther one of the appointees, when lnter-
viewed, would outline his Intended course
as a city father. Both said they'wouM be
governed by clrcum8tanoes : as they arose.
Henry J. Stafford was born in Ne-w York
and has resided In ,this= city thirty-eight
years.- He is a graduate of the Hastings!
Law School ar.d has : .practiced law in San
Francisco- since 1*M. He was Justice of
the Peace of this city for eight years.
Horace Wijson Is a native of the State
of Maine and cameto California in- 1SB«.
He was for sixteen years librarian of the
Mechanics' Institute, and is at present a
trustee of the same institution. He was a
member of the Charter Convention of One
Hundred. He is a Grand Army man and
member of the Loyal .Legion, having
served in the Civil War in the First Maine
Cavalry and Twelfth Infantry. He is at
present . secretary- of fhe J. D. Maxwell
Company, in the insurance business, and
was chairman of the last Fourth of July
committee. *
THE TWO MEN WHO HAVE BEEN SELECTED BY MAYOR PHEL-AN TO FILL THE PLACES ON THE SAN
FRANCISCO BOARD OF SUPERVISORS MADE VACANT BY THE PASSING AWAY OF JOHN E. A. HELMS
ANT VICTOR D. DUBOCE.
They will be presided over by the follow
ing ladles:
Colonial exhibit— Mrs. D. W. C. Gaskill. as
sisted by Mrs. B. C. Dick. Dr. H. P. Van Kirk,
Mrs. William Kirk. Mrs. J. P. Ames, Mrj.
Ar.son Bamtow, Mrs. J. J. Scotchler, Mr*. H.
E. Stone, Mrs. J. M. Hlnkle. Mrs. W. Frlsble
Lewis, Mrs. W. H. H. Graves. Mrs. J. M.
Merrell, Mrs. Martha Gregory, Mrs. Elizabeth
Yorker, Mrs. E. C. Hajrar. Mrs. D. T. Curtis.
Mm A. C. Henry, Mrs. George D. Oray, Mrs.
I. W. Beck, Mrs. C. W Kellogg. Mrs Annie
Vandercaw, Mrs. M. C. West. Miss Emily
Raymond. The colonial exhibit will be the
feature of the -whole affair. There will be
family heirlooms, historical relics and other
things old and rare to excite wonder and a4
mlratlon.
Indian exhibit— Mrs. H. C. Capweil. assisted
by Mrs. Albert Brown. Mr». Judklns. Mrs. W.
A. Chllds, Mrs. Lee Chamberlain. Mrs. T. W.
Morran, Mrs. W. E. Sharon. Mrs. Reea B.
Thompson. Mrs. Gazley. Mrs. O-orge E. Pratt.
Indian baskets of all kinds an1 denominations,
from three or four Indians tribes, will matco
up the principal part of this exhibit. There
will also be Indian pipes, tomahawk*, wam
pum and other curios.
Pacific Island possession exhibit— Miss Edith
Laikey. assisted by Mrs. W. A. Jacob*. Miss
Geraldine Scupham, Miss C J. Bacon. In this
exhibit the Sandwich, the Society, the FIJI,
the Philippine «nd other South Sea Island
wares, dress and Implements will be used-
There will be a candy booth and a tea
booth presided over by the following
ladies:
Candy tooth— Miss Matilda Brown. assisted
by the ynunc ladles of the Mutual Benefit Club,
consisting of Mlos Ttllle E. Brown. Mm. Wil
liam Morrison. Mrs. H. S. Kerjtan. Miss Ger
aldine Scurham. Misa Isabella Hunt. Miss
Mabel T. Gray. Miss Anna C. Sutherland,
Edith Dyer. Mi»w N»ttle Stevens. Mrs. C. AV.
Anres. Mrs. R. Kitchener.
Tea booth — Mls» Edith Henry, assisted by
Miss Helen Hagar. Miss Eva Yorker. Ml**
Elsie Ames, Miss De Neal Morgan. Mlsa Ida
Vandergaw, Miss Florence C. Stone, Miss Anna
Sutherland. Miss Jennie Gregory, Miss Alma
Brown. Miss Ethel Kent. Miss Louise Hal!.
Klsle Fry. Miss Elsie Farnum. Miss Bessie
Fltmore. A young lady In Chinese costume
will assist In nerving tea.
The reception committee Is to b« com
posed of the following ladles:
'Mrs. r. I>. Browne. Mrs. S. D. Chamberlain.
Mrs. William Kirk, Mrs J. P. Ames. Mrs.
Anson Barstow, Mlsa Eliza Wolfenden. Mrs.
Rees B. Thompson.
On each afternoon and evening there
will be a programme of music and song.
The numbers on Thursday evening will
be as follows:
Oakland Treble Quartet. Mrs. Carrie Brown
Dexter. Mrs. A. A. Dewing. Mlsa Gretehen
Burnett. Miss Mabel Gray, will render "Mar
garetha" and "My Home Is Where the Heath»r
Worms" (De Koven): piano solo. "Sixth
Rhapsody" (Liszt). Mrs. J«hn W. Metealf:
violin solo, S. '8. Savannah, accompanied by
Robert Clarence Newell: soprano solo.
•¦Spring." Mrs. Carrie Brown Dexter.
During the afternoon of Thursday the
Misses Sherwood will play mandolin and
guitar selections.
Friday evening's programme will con
sist of a piano solo by Miss Helen Hagar:
soprano solo. Mrs. Martin Schultz: read-
Ing. Miss Clara May Russell; violin solo.
Miss Gertrude Hlbberd.
OAKLAND, Oct. 30.— To establish
a gymnasium fund and to aid
the Mutual Benefit Club in its
educational work and noon rest
department. Is the purpose of the
loan exhibit of articles of old and new
dominions which has been arranged by
the. lady managers of the Young Women's
Christian Association and Mutual Benefit
Club. The exhibit is to be made during
the afternoons and evenings pf Thursday
and Friday of this week at the Y. W. C.
A. home. 1424 Franklin street, near
Durant.
The gymnasium project has been under
consideration for some time. It is pro
posed to utilize a part of the premises in
the rear of the Franklin-street home as
a elte for a'gymnaslum and to give the
young lady members opportunity to take
physical culture. There is ample room
for a structure of some pretention. The
fund which will be started by the loan
exhibition will be set aside until, in vari
ous other ways, enough money has been
raised which will warrant going ahead
with the project. ¦
The noon rest and educational features
of the Mutual Benefit Club, although only
started last January have, under careful
supervision, proven successful, and th»
managers desire to enlarge the scope of
the work. The club conduct3 a clubhouse
at 1119 Jefferson street, where working
girls can go at any time and rest, read,
sew, or eat their luncheon. Tables are
provided and for a nominal sum warm
dishes are served. There are sections de
voted to study, where young women who
are employed can go to supplement their
education. These sections consist of
classes In bookkeeping-, embroidery, music
and languages. The rooms are handsome
ly fitted up.
Loans 01 old and some almost priceless
curios have been made to the exhibit.
They are being taken care of by the re
ception committee, consisting of Mrs. C.
8. Chamberlain, Miss Matilda Brown,
Mrs. D. W. C. Gaskill, Mrs. H. C. Cap
well and Miss Edith Larkey, who have
been busy directing the disposition of th«
valuable collection In the rooms on the
second floor of the Y. W. C. A. home,
where the exhibit is to be held. There
will be three curio exhibits— the Colonial,
Indian, and Pacific Island Possessions.
Articles of 01d\ and NeW Dominions /\re to Be Ex
hibited to Raise Funds for Qvjmnasivim.
LADIES OF THE Y. W. C. A.
ARRANGING A BEN EFIT
TWO NEW SUPERVISORS
APPOINTED BY MAYOR
J4er\rvj d. Stafford and jiorace Wilson Selected to
Fill Vacancies on •^JKe^ : Boa^i. ; 'i"A:^ : :^..':.K"
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
.: ¦¦¦'• :-;-.• 1118 Broadway, Oct.. 31.
Because Philip Klernan, H. J: Waters
and Chris Thorpe were afraid they would
be detained in a jury room all-night, they
voted guilty upon a verdict rendered
against William Day, accused of a hein
ous felony, believing the evidence did not
warrant conviction. Further than that,
these three jurors decided to make an af
fidavit that they took such action and
hand it to Day's attorney. And when
that attorney. Hugh Aldrich, presented
the astonishing statement before Superior
Judge Greene to-day as the basis of his
motion for a new trial in behalf of hi3
client, such a storm of Judicial censure
broke upon those three jurors as has rare
ly burst from the Alameda County Super
ior Court.
: "It Is a dirty bird that befouls Its own
nest," sternly declared Judge Greene, hl3
face flushing, as he realized the Import of
the affidavit as Attorney Aldrich read it
from the bar.
"And that saying." continued his Honor,
"may ¦well and truly apply to jurors, who
after taking their oath to try a case
fairly and impartially will, according to
their own sworn statements, agree to a
verdict of guilty when in their own minds
they are not satisfied of the defendant's
guilt.
Day had been called into court this
morning for sentence, but Aldrich inter
posed his motion. First he objected to the
District Attorney's action in examining
witnesses. Then he threw his b'.g bomb
shell In the shape of the following affi
davit:
Phil Klernan, P. C. Thorpe and H. J. "Waters,
each bolng duly sworn, depose and Bay. that
they and each cf them were Jurors sworn to try
the case of the People of the State of Califor
nia vs. William Day, in the Superior Court of
A-lameda County; that said trial began upon
September 27. at 10 o'clock a. m.. and that the
taking of testimony was completed on Septem
ber 28 at about 10 o'clock a. m. After argu
ments by counsel and charge of the court the
Jury, to* which we and each of us were a part,
was placed In charge of the Sheriff and locked
up at about 11 o'clock a. m. September 28.
After due deliberation and an exchange of
views a ballot was taken with the result of
eight for conviction and four for acquittal ;
that numerous other ballots were taken, the
next to the last resulting in nine for conviction
and three, for acquittal; that we. the affiants
hereto, were the three Jurors who voted for
acquittal because we were not satisfied that
the people had clearly made out the case
against the defendant, and that "each of us are
not now satisfied that the defendant was the
man that was se^n with the children upon Janu
ary 23 near Fifth and Henry streets, and that
each of us hereby aver that we and each of us
voted and assented to the verdict "guilty as
charged" only after we had notified the court
that we could not agree upon a verdict: that we
stated openly in the Jury room that we were
not satisfied as to the defendant's guilt: that
several members urged the verdict as they
could net stay during the night and all feared
that the court Intended keeping them. The
affiants then agreed to a verdict "guilty as
charged" provided that the balance of the Jury
would acknowledge that we and each of us had
to. stated that before we would vote for the
verdict so rendered, and that we had so agreed
that we three affiants should notify the attor
ney for the defendant and make affidavit to
what had been the Inducing cause for our vot
ing for the verdict as rendered, and the balance
of the Jury to agreed.
PHILIP KIERNAN.
CHRIS. THORPE.
H. J. WATERS.
Subscribed and sworn to before me this 11th
day of October. 1500. H. A. LUTTREL.U
Notary Public In and for the County of Ala
meda. State of California. ,
Maas Luders. who was foreman of the
jury, added the following certificate to
the correctness of the affidavit:
The undersigned, having been a member of
the Jury In the above entitled cause, hereby cer
tifies that the statements made In the fore
coins: affidavit as having 'been made in the
jury room and before the verdict as rendered
fcs aere^d upon, are correct.
MAAS LUDEps, Foreman.
Attorney Aldrich said he realized that
nny man who would put himself in the
position of the jurors who made that af
fidavit was not entitled to the court's con
sideration. The lawyer's' purpose, , how
ever, was to show that his client had not
been conscientiously found guilty by. the
jury.
Judge Greene threw the affidavit out of
court, declaring that the courts had paid
no Juror could lm->each his own verdict.
"It the statement be correct," said his
Honor, "It will simply serve to blacken
the names of the men who make It. It
shows they had no respect for their oath,
nor realization of the duties of citizen
ship. If it la In my power to prevent
It. none of them will ever serve again in
any capacity In my court or in any de
partment of the Superior Court of Ala
m<?da County."
Klernan conducts a bath house at Aln.
meda. Waters Is a publisher at Nlles and
Thorpe is a rancher at Dublin.
Remarkable Revelations Before Su
perior Court as to How a Ver
;:' • t ' ; diet of Guilty Was : i ;
, : Beached; : ¦':¦¦'¦
Convict an Accused Man,
Fearing an Ail-Night
..: -Session. , '
JURORS RECREANT
TO THEIR OATHS
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, NOVEMBER lj 1900.
FOR TWENTY-FIVE TEARS HE
HAS SERVED IN SHERIFF'S
OFFICE.
Life.
pi
11
[Jhe: Pay's pead.THE SAN FRANCISCO CALX,, THURSDAY, NOVEMBER 1, 190U.
12
HELP WANTED— FEMALE.
"WANTED— Experienced vest maker and opera-
tor;, steady work and good wages. Apply
1110 Market st. - * ¦ . ''
GIRL for general housework; good home;
wages »5. Apply 1833 O'Farrell st.
EXPERIENCED finisher on tailor made suits.
¦ 20 Sansome St.. upstairs. -' . '¦¦-
FIRST.CLASS help In dressmaking:. 616 Mason
street.- . : ' ¦ • -- .
"WANTED— A flrst-class waist hand at ¦ dress-
... making. ¦ 121 Post St.. room 2. '. ; ' -.
WANTED— Flrst-class millinery trimmer. Ad-
djess box 3SD3, Call offlce. . ¦
"WANTED— Girl for general housework. Apply
¦;.- 8?8 O'Farrell «t. - ; ' .'¦ .
WANTED— Girl for housework In small family,
. 321A Fremont et. ¦ . .. V
GIRL for light housework: family of 3; : tfcges
tl^ to . H5. . Call after 10 a., m., 1514 Vallejg st.
"WANTED— An apprentice at dressmaWng; paid
. .while learning. . 527& Post st. ¦' . .'•=..
GIRL or womah for grill room; experience not
necessary: ; 200 Francisco st..; cor. Du'pont. ¦"
BORROW money on sealskins,' silverware; low
. interest. . UNCLE HARRIS; 15 Grant ave. -
WANTED— A woman for opening with whole-'
: sole house; only those capable' of development
- and . willing "-to. -assume responsibility need
apply. ¦ Box 2755. Call offlce. .. ;
OPERATORS on muslin underwear; steam
power. G. W. REYNOLDS. 597 Mission St.,
corner Second. ¦
A GIRL for general housework and plain cook-
lng; references. 1818 Pine st. ;
GXKL to, set type, 1008 Mission st ¦': :
' RELIABLE Protestant girl In small family;
plain cooking. 1 30 Valley st.; Ouerrero-st. cars.
DRAMA— Ladles wanted; theatrical engage-
ment; eood figures; no previous experience
necess&ry. Address box 2709, Call offlce.
SEWING girls, attention !— Experienced opera-
tors on dress and negligee shlrtsj steady
work; good pay. Lo wen berg Co., 27 Jessie st.
WANTED— Women and girls to work on fruit.
1*31 Folsom st.. between 13th and 14th.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch offlce, 2200 Flllmore st.
A BRANCH offlce for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096 Va-
_ lencia st. :. ¦ . ¦ • ¦
HELP WAiNTIiD-JlALE. .,.
A^MTORATX^RE^O>YTTr7rpl)o7irM^m^8_
leading Employment . and Labor Agents.
:.;........ WANT 7 A. M. TO-DAY .......>..
"-.; ..i.... MECHANICAL HELP
3 more, carpenters, bridge and trestle work..
.'¦.¦;^. : ....v.....;..i..- ....$70 and found
4 wagonmakers and wood workers.... $2 50 day
Band sawyer and filer ...$100 and found
¦Turner, and band sawyer , $3 day
Blacksmiths, carriage painters, tank cooper..
....... MURRAY & READY. '636-636 Clay St.
A-FARMS ......DAIRIES... .CHORES.. ..AND
STABLES ....;...,;..•.
39 farm, orchard and vineyard hands, J30, $26,
120 and found
\ 14 milkers and butter makers $30, $25 and fd
9 stablemen, hostlers, buggy washers, $50. $40,
$30. $25 and found; also stable boys.....
14 choremen and boys ror private families,
farms; etc ....$25, $20, $15, $10 and found
MURRAY & READY. ~4 and 636 Clay at.
A— IN SAN FRANCISCO AND COUNTRY. . . .
. 6 laborers, . city Job, board home, $2 day; 68
¦ laborers and teamsters, city and country Jobs,
'- $2, $1 75 day, •• $X0, $26 and found, call early;
5 drillers, $52 50; 4 ,road teamsters, $27 and
¦found; 16 miners, . $60f. and $75; 6 men to dig
..potatoes; furnace man $G5: 8 . coachmen, 2
gardeners; Catholic man. care of boys. $30
andfound, institution. MURRAY _ READY,
634 and 636 Clay st. . /
A— 193 TIEMAKERS. 164 woodchoppers
10c, lie. 12c. 13c each......
.;....... ....$3. $2 BO, $2, $160, $l.-75c cord
Tools, cabins and provisions furnished. MUR-
RAY _ READY, 631 and 636 Clay et.
A-....V.. ....MARRIED .;:
Cook and wife for a mine, easy -.Job:......;...
¦: .'........'... .................$45 and found
Milker and wife; 3. farmers and wives, $40 and
found; coachman and wife, wife to cook, $60
and found. MURRAY. & READY, 634 and
; : 63fi-Clay it. ,/ ' -.'V ¦.¦¦„:. .¦;., '¦-¦ .; .: .'-;. ¦•
A— HOTEL...... OTHER DEPTS. BAKERY
.. .;...;.:.»... DEPARTMENT
. 86 cooks, city and country
;-.:., : ... ».>.-... ........ ....$50, $45. $40; $30 and found
'8. second 'and third cooks.. ...'....;..........
••; ..^...............;.i..$50. $45, $30, $25 and found
: S cooks for saloons and ranches.. $30 and found
4 butchers... ,, 2 coatmakers. Laundry help
2 bakers, country,' emalljobs $40 and found
6 waiters. $30, $25. : $20 and found; 9 dishwash-
ers; man for delicatessen store, $40 and found.
v MURRAY & READY, 634 and 636 Clay st.
A— BUTLER, country, see boss here; man and
. rwtfe; woman to do second work, man to work
-. ln ; orchard, $50 and found." see ¦ boss here.
MURRAY :_ READY. 634-636 Clay st, d : ;
A;;..^.;.:....;.... wanted ........:^..........
.*.........; 25 coal .;..
) .............. ;*j.C; ...miners .......................
!-.».,.'.;..,....... for New Mexico
: .->,,-.... ;.' Faro' advanced ..................
................. For particulars
¦•«i.i.*. .......... see boss to-day ....At
C.: R, HANSEN & CO.'S ...104 Geary gt.
:.. .: : RAILROAD WORK. ~ "
8 stone masons. R. R. work, Nevada. $3 50 day
60. teamsters. R. R, work, Nevada... .$2 a day
. Free Fare .... ... . .Ship dally. . . ..;... Free Fare
3 Ingereoll drillers:...... $3 a day
. 8 carpenters..' -.:i ; $3 a day
, - IIOTE- DEPARTMENT.
-. Broiler, $60; . fry cook. $45; meat cook and
helper, $45 and . $25: night cook, restaurant,
$W>; second' cook, $60; machine dishwasher,
ISO.'. C. R. MASSES & CO., 104 Gear>- st.
A— OFFICE boy who knows the city and can
• answer telephone for this of (ice. C. R. HAN-
SKN & CO.. 104 Gears- St. ,
ALBRIGHT 'young man who can operate type-
: writer. C. R. HANSEN & CO., 104 Geary gt.
MAN and wife for ranch; no cooking; $50; see
party here 10 a. m. -•' C: R. HANSEN _ CO..
104 Geary. «_¦ ¦ ¦ • ' : : : ; ;
'A-WANTED—> : -.-¦.;¦¦'::/;¦ ." ¦¦-,":..:
8 woodchoppers,: 4- foot redwood, 80c cord; and
4 foot pine wood. $1 a cord: Santa Cruz
County; winter Job. "W. D. EWER _ CO..
61Q Clay St. ": : . . ;-.. ; ¦';---. -..- . ¦ ¦¦¦
A TINNER," 8 •carpenters for Berkeley,- 10 cab-
inetmakers,: 10 bench hands, 2 pash and door
men, shaper and band sawyer, sticker hand,
at Mechanics' Registration Bureau^ 410 Kear-
¦'.. ny st., room.'9: new jobs dally; non-union
mechanics please register; no office fees. "¦-.•_'
......;.. ITALIAN LAROR SUPPLY CO. ;....!
............24 MONTGOMERY AVE.........;..
..:.,......Furnlsh mechanics,-min«rs. ..........
.......... Railroad, men, . ranch hands..........
......and woodchoppers at short notice
•BARBERS' Progressive Union— Free employ-
ment. H. Bernard, Sec. 104 7th; tel. Jessie 152. :
¦WANTED— Men who gathered election ' returns
for -press bureau call at room 9, opposite
lU'ttistrar's offlce. basement . floor. New City
Hall, .10 a. m: to-day.; ¦' : •..•'••¦...
FIRST-CLASS bushelman for Los Angeles: $S0
per. month salarj-.: ALFRED LIL1ENFELD,
.- .80S Market St.- - . .. .¦':.'•¦•¦ :; : .*: . • -. . ¦
SHIPPING.clerk: one experienced in furniture
. business. .Appty The J/Noonan Furniture
:Co. r 1021. Mission st. : ; •.;';¦¦:: ';• '¦ ..: ... . :: ; : .'.-. •. .
YOUNG- .'man about. 17i , residing with parents,
:. irraijuate , of Krammar- school, to learn com-
¦ : ;miss1orv b-uslnt^s. . Box " 3S32. Call offlce. • ¦¦: .
GENTLEMAN of indomitable energy arid push, '
•¦;. good opportunity to rig:ht nian. F. PERSON,
;.". room .41.2.: Parrott- building..; ,.' .:¦-.= :•..
COA-fMAlCER for -. country.- Apply . REISS
;BRpTH.ERS, 24 Butter: St. ".";> ¦ -y . ¦ \ -,.: ¦
A.FIRSivCLASS furniture packer. Mt FRIED-
>>MAK;A CO..'/237- : jPost.-:8tr:' i -' )- r --l:i. •'¦ ; .;:. ¦
MIN'ERS::wanted; rtaichlne men. ;2S Stanly
-place., between Firsthand Sec'on<i: ; sta^ : ..•-"¦¦;>¦¦ /
WANTEI^-sinart boy;. 14: to 16 years old; must
• •. be g66d penman,- Addrggg: Stlka, boy 2763. Call.
WANTEDw-A boy lSyears old to Jearn to make
vctgara; iwagesy -25;s(x:th. s.t.V: .-.'¦, .j[- -: .'• .: ': '
SHOEMAKER . wanted '\ for country;. ".'- lji<j.uire
;-.20$:Maaon -st.;.- :• ¦ ¦/.. \.;- ¦:¦¦•. ••:;•:' \'/-y.t- ¦¦¦;.-/;'' ¦'
dARrtlAGE painters. wahted. :150i Folsom St.;
BOY Ranted- JOE •ROSENBERG, 11 O 1 FarreU
"•^JBtrpef. ¦¦;;¦' /¦' •" s . :" :> : .^.-; ' ¦• "••. ; - ¦":.'::¦• JJ.-'v £;,'•¦¦ :
FIRST-CLASS ladles' tailor; good position. : 20
; Saiisbme- St.. upstairs.. ':. : " -,-.¦:: "¦,.:{;, "¦ -.".. ; '
WANTED— A dishwasher; wages $15. At X*
•¦: COLEql63 First st:^- . .-. ;-? : -.." ".¦•;¦" i-.^.-, '.. ..:
WANTED— A good short: order cook and dish-
-:;washer;y.l229H: Market;>t. ; :.. , •-¦.¦:¦::.¦ •
STEADY, sober, experienced dishwasher. 612
':Kearnj^st. : :-.".: ". -U ¦ ¦¦ ;¦ ;¦;-. ¦¦:' '..¦ ¦;-.;; : .. .;.--:¦ : ; ••: : .
ipCPBRlENCED Jewelry salesman; state refer- '-¦
.fences. Address box 6^; Call office. '- :\ ¦ \?>\. : :
.WAN^rED-PBoatblack at 143 Larking st. "'. :' g; : .
WAKfTED— 100 men to take rooms, IOC, 15o and
20c- ¦*.:. Boston House. 930; Howard, st. .:.-• - .;
$100,000 : TO 'loan On diamonds,- watches,- iealr";
skins. :UNCLE HARRIS. .15 Grant ave. >
BARKEEPER, German preferred; state refer-
..- ences. ,;Box 2753. Call offlce. ,. "^..::.
EHOPROOH for tailors. at 927. Market St., room
721.-... . ¦:> .-¦ ... . ¦ ; 'J : . :¦-¦. . ¦ . ' ¦;,. . ¦[¦ \
2-CHAIR barber shop and cigar stand r'Wcstern
Add. Inquire DECKELMAN BROS.. 106 Ellis.
ALL' sizes men's shoes, slightly damaged, half
.price. 662 Mission St., bet. 1st and 2d sts.'
FIRST-CLASS tinner wanted; union rules. Ap-
•ply 814 Kearny St.' y .:¦ -. --; 1 . •'¦:''¦¦- ¦' '
SOLICITOR for wagon. Apply 1421 Point
I-oboa ave. •'¦'¦ .... . =¦ -:-•''.. :¦..-..
WANTED— Gardener to work In nursery. Ap-
. ply 215 Hayes st. . : " . . ; . . - ,. ..,
HELP WANTED — MALE.
WANTED— Superintendent for sawmill and gen-
eral work connected with lumber business.
- must be thoroughly competent, conversant
with all the details of lumber trade and cap-
able of managing a large business; none •Dut
practical men with large experience and nrst-
class references need apply. Address, B»i>"*
experience, salary expected. X Y Z, box SSZ1.
Call offlce; all communications connaentiai.
WANTED— Cakebaker and confectioner; one
who can take charge of shop; must be an Al
and up-to-date man and good ornamenter, no
other need apply. Golden Sneaf Bakery,
Berkeley.
WANTED-Salesman vlsltlntr drug: trade on
Pacific Slope to- carry rateable line on com-
mission; either principal or- « lde " n 'V rr .A'}'
dress, with reference. HOLLANDER. KObll-
LAND _ CO., Baltimore, Md^j
WANTED— A place to stop for the winter— Thla
can be found at the Adams House. 519 Sacra-
mento st.. near Montgomery; one of tne rew
respectable houses where countrymen coming
to the city can flnd nice, clean, cheap, weu-
. ventilated rooms. A. McCREERY. Prop.
WANTED — A. young man to act as floor
walker; one with good address. and st-rllm?
habits; for Welnstbck. X,ubln _ Co.. f"» rra -
mentb. Apply- at S23 Market sW »«» r
between '% and .3 p.-m.--. -. ¦¦
WANTED— A thoroughly experienced clothing
. salesman: one who can talk Portuguese; for
¦ Sacramento. Apply at 523 Market St.. room. 7.
between 2 and.; 3 p. m. ¦¦- ________
WANTED- Laborers and mechanics to »now
that Kd Rolkln, Reno House proprietor, still
runs Denver House. 21T Third st. : 1J0 largs
rooms; 2Sc per night; II to K per week.
MEN wanted to learn barber trade; only eight
week* required; positions guaranteed; special
inducements; catalogue and map of city free.
MOLER'S BARBER COLLEGE. 635 Clay st.
WANTED— A good sticker handc Ban Francisco
manufacturing establishment: steady em-
ployment and good pay to right roan. Box
4107. Call of Hce.
COMPETENT reliable man to take charge of
our carpet sewing and laying by contract.
Apply J. KOOXA.V Fum. Co.. 1013 Mission st.
WANTED— Steady man; light commission busi-
ness; will, pay $75 per month; must have tVA
cash. MCLAUGHLIN. 777V4 Market st.
COATMAKETtS— Highest union prices p»M;
free sitting-room. ALFTtEP LILIENF—LD.
808 Market St.: ;; ; -f- ¦¦: /. - '
»85— TWO-CHAIR shop; rent $5; receipts $25;
owner sick. Inquire II. BERNARD. 104
Seventh St.. -.-¦.'. ..-.- .-' ' ' -..' -' . .-: '¦]
PENSIONS— J. H. Bhepard * Co.. old. reliable
arm, SOG , Market, rm. V), Phelan bldg.; pen-,
8lon vouchers execute<l. 2dr; advice free.
BARRER shop for «al« cheap; one chair. Call
____E_____________________________
WANTED— Good ladles' tailor at 633 Four-
teenth St.. Oakland. •: ¦. • - :
BARBERS— Complete 2-chalr shop for sale at
bargain; call and investigate. 2S4 Sixth st,
GET your shoes half-soled whll* waiting;' 25c
to 50c. 562 Mission St., bet. 1st and 2d sts.
STOLTZ, barber Bupplfes, removed from CM
Market (basement) to «2« Market St.. upstairs.
GENTLEMEN'S suits to order, II per week, at
cash prices. N. V- Tailoring Co.. IIS Kearny.
SAILORS, ordinary seamen and green hands;
all parts of world. HERMAN'S, 28 Steuart.
MEN and women to learn barbf-r trade. S. F.
BARBER COLLEGE. 741A Howard St.
WINCHESTER House, 44 Third St.. near Mar-
ket; 700 rooms, 23c night: rea_ntr-rooms; free
'bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been, established at 1055 Va-
lencia St. . . -.-.-.a . .
HEMORRHOIDS.
PILES — 300 cures business men In San Fran-
cisco; can be seen; no operation; no pain; par-
tlculars sent. Ad. Phygteian. box 1950. Call.
HOUSES. LIVE STOCK. Ete— For Sale
40 HORSES for sale; 'also wajrons. buggies,
carts, harness. Grand Arcade Horse Market.
327 Sixth St.; auction sales every Wednesday.
SULLIVAN & : DOTLfi, .Auctioneers.
FEED Manhattan food; keeps horse*, cows,
poultry and dog's healthy. 1_>3 Folsom St.. S.F.
HOUSES TO . LET.
A— PRINTED LIST Houses to let; send for dr-
cular. G. IL UMBSEN* & CO.. 14 Montgomery.
ELEGANT sunny "-room house. 2S70 Twenty-
fourth St.. near Sanchez. - .'.- . . -.
___ ________________
COMPLETE course Instructions and dlplon_,
6 lessons, to; Cigarette and other bad habit*
cured. PROFESSOR E. W. RAYMOND. 997
Market st-:. bours 2 to 5 dally. :
LOST AND ..'FOUND. .
LOST— A passbook with the Hlbernia Savings
and Loan Society of San Krandscoi In the
name of SIXTRCT B. WAPDEU* .No. 201-19*.
The finder will please return to bank. Octo»
ter 31, 1900.- -:;:-' \\-: :^- -; .. 3 - . ¦ >\
LOST— Tuesday, 30th inst., : a diamond ring,
engraved "From Mama to Liz.. '9S"; a dead
mother'* gift. A suitable reward If returned
to 44A Gilbert St. .'•-;¦ ,v ;;.-
LOST-r-A bundle of clothes. Finder return to
9S0 Howard st. ; reward J10.
LOST— A passbook with the Hlbertila fa vines
and Loan Society of San Francisco,* In th«
name of E. W. EMERSON; No. 130-074. Ths
finder will please return to bank. ...
LOST— Sunday afternoon: dark brown pup.
Liberal reward If returned to 743 Harrison st.
FOUND— Ladles' watch chain: on Market «_
Inquire 6 Turk st.. room 1.
J1C0.0C0 TO loan on ¦watches, diamonds, silver. [
sealskins, pianos, guns. UNCLE HARRIS, ;
16 Grant ave.
CHEAPEST and best in America— The Weekly
Call. 16 pages, sent to any address In the
United States or Canada one year for $L
postage paid. '.-.-¦
.- "'• -' .-¦ MEDICAL.
DR. AND MRS. DA\*I_S."i_3 Market— Ladles'
specialists; 82 years' rractice; have treated
thousands o^ cases successfully; positive cure
guaranteed at office; ladles treated can return
home same day: HINDO HERB home cure.
. any one can use It with satisfaction: perfect-
ly harmless. Send stamps for circular.
DR. G. "W. O'DONNELL. mox-ed to 1013 Mar-
ket, opp. 5th; world-renowned ladles' special-
ist; safe reliable: practiced In San Francisco
for years; treated thousands of cases success-
fully; treatment can be used at home; consul-
tation free. After all others fall call on him.
DRS. GOODWIN, well-known ladies' specialists,
have returned from Europe: safe and reliable;
cure 15: have treated thousands of cases with
success: 15 years' practice In S. F. ; low fees.
1007^4 Market st.. near Sixth. -.;,-¦' :
IMPORTANT notice for ladies— Help for the
poor; cure reduced from $5 to J2 50; every
woman her own physician; can be sent and
used home. DR. POPPER; 323 Kearny st.
MRS. DR. WTETH, reliable specialist; 25 yrs,*:
practice; treatment at office, 1>: any ail-
ment; consultation free; guaranteed. 942
Post st.. bet. Hyde and Larkin. .;. :
NG-TOY KEE, Chinese doctor; cures consump-
tion cancer, catarrh, ete. ; all disease* treat-
tert: send for testimonials; -advice free, Sanl-
tarltim, 70t Sacramento st.. corner Kearny.
MRS. DR. KOHL. 997 MARKET ST.. corner
Sixth— Safe and reliable;, ladies'; physician:
treatment. t5; when others fall consult free.;
MBS DR. A___N. 1C33 Market--_adle9'. spe-
cialist' safe and sure cure. $5; best care: 16*
fe ?s: when all others fall consult f ree. ; :
MRS. DR GWTER. ladles' specialist; home
• fop patients.-' E1Q Eddy 1st. -v-- ..;.;.:;;¦:;¦ -:
DrI .WISE, the ladles' gpeclalist. 1113 Market st,
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The Weekly Call.
16 pages, in wrapper, for mailing, <1 per year.
MISCE__A>KOUS— FOU SALE.
BOILKRS^^enKlnes. : Zd-hand machinery. .. Mc-
INTpSH: —WOLPMAN. 195-197 Fremont st.
BARS, back bara; mirrors, showcase*; counters,
linoleum new -and second-hand: we always
¦'have a large stock of saloon outfits on hand;
' 32 Complete- outfits en our floor, ready .made;
' we ; can ' ship' ¦ everything In - ?4 hours. , ¦ J.
I NOONAN, 1017., 1019,. 1021. . 1023 Mission . st,
' afri>ve Sixth; write for catalogue. ; . .. .: ,;
NEW BROOMS^-The Golden West Broom Fac-
tory at 623 and 630 Clay st.,: near Kearny. has-
juet started: storekeepers can be supplied with
all ¦ kinds .of brooms at .¦.the': cheapest rates;
order* by mall attended to; : ." ; .- • K •; ,
BUY a brand new typewriter for 13. down and 15
per- month: write for catalogue and price.
" TYPEWRITER EXCHANGE, .409 California
st.: -rentals., new machines. $3 ; per. month./ - -.-
i-^BUYS,: sells or. rents, gear machinery," en-
gines, boilers, water pipe, shafting, pulleys,
etc, ; WHITELAW. 216 Spear st. v ; ; ; •
VERY fine, old master violin,- with.' bow and
box, $12; will cost in any music : store J30
UNCLE HARRIS, 15 Grant ave. : - . " . .
iTATER-POWER shake mill at a bargain; fine
chanc-j.-for winter's business; terms easy or
exchange. M. GRIFFIN. 713 Market, nr. Call.
BILLIABD table, balls, cues and rack com-
plete: dirt cheap. BENJ. CURTAZ _ SON
16 O'Farrell st: . " ; - ' : . •¦ • .-• . .'
TOntmle—A complete set of molds for artlfl-
xial flowers at a great oacrtflce. 1706 Mar-
*\~ W 5_, DERBT and Fedora hats. »l 75. Popu-
lar Price Hatters. 330 Kearny st.. near Pine.
FINE suit,; |10;. dress pants, J2 73. MISFIT
CLOTHING PARLORS. 437 Montgomery st-.
SAN FRA>CISCO CALL.
_rSIN_SS . OFFICE of The San Francisco
Call, corner of Market -and Third Btreets. open
until 12 o'clock every night in. the year.. ¦• '.
BRANCH OFFICES— 527 Montgomery etreet
corner Ciay; open until 9. -SO p. m. •¦' - - . ?• ¦ ..'
300 Hayes street; open until 8:30 p. m. • . ; •
6SS McAIJieter street; open onUl 9:30 p. —Li ;
CIS Larkin street; open until -9:30 p. t_- - *: ."
1SU Mission street; open until' 19 p. m. : .
22C1 Market street, corner Sixteenth; epen
until S r. m. ... ' •¦•¦' ¦ '¦ -.' ¦
106 Eleventh street: open until * p. m. : . -.
Iftt Valencia street; open until 9 p. in.' : - ¦
Northwest corner Twenty-second and Ifen-
tufky streets; open -m ntil : -p p. m.
MEETIXJ XOTlCiSS. 1^
JMPPION ¦'•Cn?.rt*r No. T?. ; ' R..A.- M-— " ft.
. . Stated m_Stl_r: THIS (THl-.ll.SDA Y)
' EVENING. T;ii> v.'docfc. Mission Ma-.TCjT
F-mic Teinple. I"".-,.S' Mif-siun- et'- : Cus!- » ~T
re?5 MM J^Kree. ¦ Tijr order of the II." P.
JXO. B. HILLMAN. Secretary.
CALiroRXIA Lodge No. I. F. and A. gt
M.. »i!I.B«t Tins <T«URSDAY> _1\_
KVK.M.VG. . -Xowmber 1. at 7:30 /t/C
oVli>ck. Stai*"d jm-etinK and Third <5e- / ~r
gree. Cy nr4pr-(!f the Master. :• ¦ ¦ , ¦
FKAS'KLIX I_ L>AY. Secretar>v
Finn_ITT r T.o(irre No: 12<». F.-'unS ._ g>
M .—Stated meoting THIS -<T>H*RS- *_
KAY) EVENING at 7:2<1: o'clock. - ¥>']BLjK
order or the %\*. M. . . - * *T V
rRED_RICK BARRY. Secretary.^
ioUTH SAN FRANCISCO Lodge No. ,»
III F. and A. M.— Stated meeting _JV_
T1IIS fTHlTRSDAYj EVENING at ":SO!S_«
c - clock. _ C. HARE, &ecre— j>". f ~r
DORIC Loire No. 216, F. and A. M.— a
Stated s.r.d special meeting THIS^Ii
(THURS^AV) EVENING, at T:30>&5P
o'clocJc Third degree. Master Masons / Tr 1
are )nv!te&. By order of the Master.
J. ft. GOLDSMITH, Secretary.
PACIFIC Lofife No. IIS, I. O. <^g^w^
O F.— Ir.H'.ation Tins iTHLTwS-
PAY) EVENING. Brothers cor- %3»^
c .;.:::• irivitc-fl. ' . - sw«*
FRANK P. ASH~ORTH, X. O.
frank rv Macbeth. secret_n r .
KN'I^HTS OF PYTHIAS— A grand i^-
r.asf-inpWnfr cf the members of the«5^ J^_
rrder th«r families and Irier.ds, wH1*O^>£l»
I- he! d NEXT SATURDAT E\*EN->«6Si_5
ING, Nov. 3, at Odd- Fallows' Hall. Ix-n't tail.
Mi: MBERS'-'of Prntherhood of Teamsters are
hereby notified to attcniS the next meeting
THV—SPAT KVKNING. Nov. 1, l<»00, to elect
.-. . w.'i :-K"!:« .i.-i<^atp. .-. ¦ '. '. -. " .;'-
>TO}JN McLAX'GHLIN, S^rotary.
TIIE .Calif firnia Dpbris: Commission, having re-
rc'.KMi aprlicatJcris to snine by Ihe hydraulic
: iTortss ri-om !iii* Cataract and Wfde Xv'rsi
' OravcJ Miiiinr -Co.. la the WWe'West G«av»-1
?;:::•', : near EJi<i, CaJs> eras <'o.;- to depoosK
tailings in N't'rth Outlet Jind Prospect Guich:
frcta II. ?!"i»rhtpr and T-h^mas 'Harper.: in the
'fan ¦ -Franoisco Mine, near T->dd, Placer Cf».,
t . rt.«pr«fit tailings- in Dardanelles Canyon:
f r^. rn (-harlfs ?. l>p-i»en. in the Riffle J'oint
Mine at Clrass Flat. Sierra Co.. to d»»pi^sit
taillnV* !n 'j«_s Rat Ravine: frora George
F;izfwra!J. In the Lone Star M!ne. war Crom-
|.<rc. riumas Co.. to deposit tailinjcs !n Jack-
t='-n Creek; from G. A. and F. \V. rtruckor-
man. in th? Renaissance Minp. near Howland
F:-it. Sierra Co.. to <!epi>fit tajlinprs in a
¦worked -nut pit; from J. R. Bell and.'A..-. _,
Ja<-V(=. in the BaiJcer HH1 Min<>. noar Spanish
Ranch. Plants* Co.. to ¦ deposit taillnps in
•\VhitIook Raxiae; from "V\". T. Sherman and
<") F. Caya. in the Last Char.ce Mine, near
T'ort WinV. Sierra Co.. to deposit ta.illr.es In
Fr»n<-h Ii.-ivine; from O. N. Kinsrsbury. in the
Convex Ou'.ch Gravel Mtnp, near I«o. Sha?ta
C«c to deposit tailings in Dry Creek; from
Jf.hn McOrath. in the Independent Mine, near
Ft. Louis. Sierra Ctv. to der-<x c it tailings In
Kavine. and from J. F- Cowdery. In
th<" CyiandlPi^-r.le Mir,«, near St. Louis. Sierra
O., to <5er-"F:t rallinps tn Sackets Gulch. giv«s
rn^pp that a meeU n£ trilV +>e h«ld at room y,
F!o^d buiJdine. San Francisco, Cal, en No-
\*-mbrr I?. V-<:*\ at l:J0 p. m. ...¦¦'¦
ALL can harrow men ey on silks, oil paintings
*r.d bure'.^s fr.-rn COLLATERAL BANK. 15
Grant av.. r.»ar Market st.
AGENTS WASTED.
AGENTS wasted: ladies or fent>m*n In every
cuntj- and town on the Pa?!S<3 Coast; can
easily make H n a we^k; household invention
That every one n«>eds. Fcr partloulars address
room D. 916 Market et.. Pan FranclRr.o. Csl.
V r. 1 r!m vlFitlr.g <~_-ds. any style. 2tc 100. or
liusiness car>if. 75c 1000; big commission or
-^a!ary to acents everywhere. Eastern Ir-iport
Acrnts' Supply Co.. 1125 Market s=t.. S. F.
LADY ard centlemen acetits; *orapthir.g new
ard t^oftS; everybody : us»»s: rpII quick. Call
b<-t. S and 10 a. m r . 4'"^ 12th St.. near Valencia.
AtJHNTS — Do you want somethir.p more T>roflt-
bl)> and eaJ^er to seil than: books or tnsur-
nr.-.p? Add. F. TKRPON. r. 412. Parrctt bMg.
. AS1MI.U.TIM ROOFISG.
J. PKLTIEU, asphalt rooftnK, rWewalks; cellar
Roots —.Id. rep4tred; postal. US* Mission st.
ASTROLOGV.
MMK. IIICKET— AFtr^loclst; "horoFfopes. 5Oc:
card roai5ir;gr ar-A paJmistry, Kc, 1SC3 Mission.
VU. C. T<"'Vt?EY TAYLOR. Scientific Astrolo-.
per— Fr»e copy "The N«-w Moon." "05 Markft.
ATTOnSEVS AT LAW.
B. W. KINO, attorney at law, P2T Market st..
r«ia 62" — Estates, damtEres, ett«chmer.t5,
ViankrurifJ'. collections; all cases; fair fees;
no advance rharces; money losncd on estates.
ADVICE frr-<": divorce law a Fi»e<"lalty; private;
Tin fee •ni^hout fuccps?;' collections. G. W.
HOWE, atty at law. Kf< Market, cor. Stockton.
1~ BDtT. JARRKTT, Hoarrt blig.. Third and
Market sts. ; phone Red 52C2.
rREE advice; divorce law*, damajres. estates,
collections. J. A. Mitchell, 314 Montgomery,
APVICE free; no charpe unless successful. W.
W. Davidson. S^T Market st., opp. Mason. '- :
L. B. CLARK. Kmma Spretkels bldp., 927 Mar-
ket w. : consultation frf«?: r.o fees in advance.
DATI1 CABINETS.
_
If^BINSON. Niacnra. Perfection and others.
W. P. BROffM CO.. ag-ency. 426 E"Uis St.. S.F.
IllCVCLES — For Sale or Exchange.
ALLEN sells lOW Columbia ch^JnlcETjeoTchaTn
$40; ordinary bicycles cheaper. 3C>1 Larkin
Ft. and i:<</6 to lSTo Pa«-e st.
UOARD1NG FOU CHILDREN.
A WOMAN who has a Funny flat, near school,
trou'd lik* some rhildren to board: a mother's
<ar». AddrpfP 4.",: <"lirp*"r «.. near Piamond.
BISINESS CHA.NCES.
A-JS^O; SALOON, eftab. many years, on Fourth
Ft., rtr.t $2*; 2 living rooms; place located
close to factories where 150 men employed;
a splendid chance and bargain. Particulars
U. G. WILKi:. : r >\x Kearny st.
A— SALOON opp. Hall of Justice; 3 years'
leaw: low rent; rpiondid barKaln; investigate
' end buy at once; rare chance. Call R. G.
lA'lLKK. 2CH Kearny Ft.
A— $3iO; RESTAURANT on Market st.; rent
SZb; a jjtx5d-pay:ng place: fickr.ess of. ¦w-ife
ccmpt-ls owner to spM. See R. G. WILKE,
ZVv Kfarr.y Ft. ; -
A-:.iW; BUTCHER shop, with horse and cart,
in l)?Ft location of Western Addition : place
. s'.abliFhed for yfars and doing a flrst-class
!»ut=in«t*; a Fplpniid chance icr any man.
Call P.. G. WILKE. 2SU Kearny t-t.
A-$l-."-0; SAIX>ON with 10 furnished rcoms;
. do»=e to Hall of Justice; place established
many years and doins a pood business; owner
encased otherwise cause of sale; a bargain.
«^U It. G. WILKE. 2Cht Kearny st.
A-SIffl; LEADING saloon; located between
wholesale houses, insurance and mercantile
offices; place established 40 years; known as
one of the best whisky bars la this city. Call
U. G. WILKE. ;6=i Kearny et. '
A-J",0; SALOON and boarding-house with 10
furnished rooms en water front; rent 140; 2
varf' lease; a good business. See It. G.
WILKE. Kearny ft.
A — |2iO; CORNER saloon In wholesale district:
place estab. years: good payinK: no night or
Sunday work. R. G. WILKE. 2C>* Kearny «t.
A— JISO: CIGAR store with 4 rooms; rent $2»;
place clearing $73 per month. It. O. WILKE,
?C'<» Kearcy rt. . ; ,.v-
HOTEL, city; all new furniture; newly pa-
pered and painted; clears J2"0 monthly; big
Ir.duccmeat to right party; J3000; easy ternm-
ISuicher Ehcp: established 7 yearer owner
hss 2 shops and will te!l either; $^K) and $500;
beta doing _ good business. -...:..
RHEINHOLD _ .SKIRM. > :
IJ7 Market st., 2d floor, room 21$. ; .
fi'O— CHICKEN l>uslne*s: 430 chickens: tools;
horse; 2 wagons; rent J12 mo. Basile, 3 Eddy.
jj'xx.—SALOOX: near Market: central; full
¦.-.;,;•¦ fctock; cause Flckness. BASILE. 3 Eddy.'
Jt'-O— PARTNER wanted In a light manufae-
ti-ring business; sure profit I7i a month; to
MM_ DONNELLY^ _ CO.. €Z2 Market Et.
11400— RESTAURANT; beet pajins in city: trial
Fiven: rent JM. Apply D. M. McRAE. 831
Mission tt. ... :•"-. r. '¦!-:¦'*
J3 -io— COFi'EE and lunchnarlor on Montgomery
St.; bargain. McLAU-HLIX. T77 Market st.
M. GRIFFIN. 719 Market. T. ''¦'' X,
!<:'.« all kinds cf burlnesses. See him. -
FALOON for eale; opposite the ferry. ! Apply
111 East st.. north of Market; no a«ent».
fALOON on water. front for rale. Apply at : 4
Wayhlntton st. ;
BARHER chop for sale. 28 Market et. ; can. be
used for other purposes. ; ¦; , -. .=
nCSI.VESS CHAXCES — COXTINUBD. .
A— COAL, wood and grain business; fine loca-
tion; snap. COWING & CO., 719 Market st.
A— ROOMING-HOUSE : fine location: bargain
this day. See COWING & CO.. 719 Market st:
A— FHOE store; ciiod location; clears $500 to $600
mo.: bargain. COWING _ CO.. 719 Market tt.
A— GROCERY and bar; <>e8t ever offered for
sale. COWING & CO., 719 Market st.
A— SALOON downtown: money maker; come
quick. COWING _ CO., 719 Market st. . : ¦.
/i_gODA water business for one-half Its value;
sickness. COWING _ CO.. 719 Market st,
A— LIVERY and boarding stable; park location;
good chance. COWING _ CO... 719 Market St.
A-PLU. JimXG shop; fine location: snap for
gon-1 man. COWING JSc CO.. 719 Market St.
A— RESTAURANT in best part of city; must
be t=oUl this day. COWING, 713 Market st.
A— BAKERY; : clearing $200 per month; Bnap.
COWING & CO... 713 Market Bt- . - ¦ ¦
SEALED bids for the bar, restaurant, -. hat
an<l cloak rooms and other privileges; for. the
..liacle's carnival ball at- the .Mechanics* -.Ta-
viilon. ; - November 28, will be opened ' at^ the
• rnc-etlng of the committe* . at B*nal ;B'rlth
building on November 13, /at 3 o'clock ps-to.
Riiij.ir.ust be accompanied by a certlfled
• check for half of the amount For further
particulars _pDlv to G US POHLMANN, Sec-
retary. J.1S -Sutter *t. .' .': .- ¦ ¦ '"._¦ '.. \, . ¦
GROCERY and bar In good location: stock In
s'.srht fnr full purchase price. W, L.. HAR-
PER. 313 Examiner building. ¦ ..' ::
WANTED- Bright. Intelligent man with some
capital to take half Interest and entire charge
of an established branch detective offlce in
Seattle; will guarantee $200 per month clear
for his Investment ; plenty of business _ad
first-class fixtures. Box 2737. Call office. .
FIRST-CLASS money making business for sale;
office fitted up and $1400 worth of stock on
hand; $200 cash and remainder Can be paid
out of the business; reason for telling; sick-
ness. Box 2738. Call offlce. . '-..¦• ¦ ' . ¦"¦
$10,000 — SOUND Investment; one cf the best-
paying merchandise businesses In Oakland;
established fo«*r years; 6afe and profitable in-
vestment; half cash, balance in property. E.
E. BUNCE. 952 Broadway. Oakland.
GREAT bargain: Al day saloon In the best
business locality:; fair business for the' last
15 years: trial , allowed for Investigation;
price $1000; no agent. Box 2713. Call offlee.
A 9-ROOM private rooming-house; furnished;
all In good order; for tale cheap; no agents.
1S3 Folsom St.. near Eighth, ¦ • ' :V'-.
FOR sale— Corner cigar Etacd and . sta.tlonery.;
eat— bt 3 jtars; cheap. S29 Mroitsomery ave.
¦INSIDE route on this paper fpr sale. Apply
CALL business office; '-,.':/ ¦ ' '..:-..-,
RARE fmslneso fhance; day saloon: rent. cheap:
no agents. 200 Clay; wholesale district. . : : . -.; :
$JKift— STEADY.' young man, experieneed Vfni gro-
c<>rj' business, can learn a splendid. opening;
: established trade. Particulars Western: Land
" Co., €40 Market pt-' . ¦" . . -, V ' - "-. : ¦- . -Y. : --..:: ':
HALF Interest In restaurant and Coffee bouse,
413 Market ft.; grand offer for right man;
serving f>00 for Junch: small rent; every thing
new; trial allowed for Investigation.' •.'.-•;.:*.;.-¦
JOB prlnting^-A : well equipped Job printing
plant far sale; or will sell a half tntere-st to
an up-to-date Job printer. Address box .447,
San lone, Cal. ¦¦¦:¦¦ ;-V -, ¦;-. : ; : ¦ :-:'¦..¦¦
$4.*0— RESTAURANT; fine morning and evening
trade; In complete running order: present
owner 4 years; Investigate. 233 Elxtli.st. ;
$4C>0— BRANCH bakery, candy, notions, grocer-
ies, etc. ; fine location: 5 Living' rooms;'. no
agents. Address box 27SO, Call offlce..- .¦'¦¦¦;.•¦.•
BUTCHER ehcp;: corner; good business; splen-
di4 fixtures; lcfbf>use: must bo eold. Corner
Seventeenth and. Sanchez st*. .;. .. -'. ¦ ¦. •••¦-•¦":•''.
STAT1ONT1RY and notion store for eale j three
living rooms; laundry office.;: no agents. ¦'. SIC
'Turk ,st. : .¦:'¦:-' :;.:"¦ - -¦¦ '-¦."';:¦'
OYSTER and chop house; welt. fitted up: 2 fur T
• ntsticd room?; doing good business; going
East; no agents. .262 "third et. ; . ; •¦:, •'.;¦-. [
FINE large store to let en OTarrell «t-i near
Powell; suitable for any business; cheap rent.
Apply- at .i£ .Grant, ave. ;.' .¦'•..'¦ ..'-.¦" - ' ,-
RESTAURANT, ana chicken ranch. : both In
Food running order ; Incubators and brooders.
Inquire 2137 Center st;, East Berkeley, .- :
WANTED — Ccuntry hotel for: cash:, state full
particulars. Address Business, box 3S79. Call.
LODGING-UOrsCS FOR SALE. '
15 ROOMS; rent $27 .60 { cheap); '.. $450
2i"> rooms; rent $S0 (corner).-..... ;.. "; 600
IS toodu: rent $60 (central)------ — ------- 900
SO rooms; rent $100 (paying)...............,. 27OJ
60 rooms: rent $2S0( Market)....... , ¦.„.;.; KM.
I^arge list of houses. -Money loaned buyers
at 2 p»r cent, SCHWE1NHARD & CO^ :
Phone Mint. 1911.. 91-7 Market, b«-t. 5th and tth.
M.. GRIFFIN. ' ¦"-•¦'¦' -¦-. " '¦-. '-'¦•¦:'
71S Market st.. room 1. near Call building. •':
Downtown flat* rent $25, elegant fnr., ;.;.. $230
14 rooms, fall, rent $49, snap.... 858
SO rooms, rent tlCft. income H3». all men.. 1700
Jts rooms, new hard wood, -central corner.. 1S0Q
24 rooms, always- .full.- rent t%.. .......:»;.». 550
Abstract free. M^ney to lean at --.lowest rate. '¦
A— 22-IiOOM rcpnnir.K house; : central.. iV,... $1000
20-room. house; first classv...... ....'........ 1030
11-room houre; $475; €-room flat.......... S25
10-room houre; TCddy: rent J75: only.;.... ¦ 900
FISHER & CO.. 1032 Market at.
HOUSE; 10 rooms; California st. ¦ ¦'¦.¦ ¦ -' ..¦¦¦ :
House; 24 rooms; O'Farrell st. : . ' -V'".-
Cell and see our list at offlce. ' ' ' : ' :
NATIONAL REAL ESTATE CO.. 3 Eddy gt.
PTJRNISHED house of 7 rooms for sale cheap;
rooms all full. • 1315 Stockton 8t. . . ¦
$15"— BARGAIN: 14 rooms; lodging-house. Ap-
ply 433 Duprvnt st. : .
CARKIAGEJS A.VD WACO.V9.
ALL kinds of wagor.?, s bugfirie5, carts, harness/
etc.. cheap. EGAN _ SON. 2U7 Mission' St.
AN A No. 1 express wagon, single, also light
camping wacon. for sale cheap. E32 Mission.
NEW _ 2d-fcand wagons, buggies, carts & har-
ness, work & driving horses. 15th & Valencia.
SPIRITUALISMS
ARRR'ED— Mrs. Dr. rarnh&m, world-renowned
Bplrltual medium; advice in all affairs of !|fe,
lawpuits. divorces, deaths; unites ¦ the sepa-
rated; mining a specialty; cirs.Sun\.Wed.,Fri.
ev's; come and be convinced. (Permanen;ly)
C13 Eddy st.. bet. Hyde and Larkin; no sl?n.
MRS. MAXWELL, epirltual circle to'-nightn.
o'clock; convincing: test; readings daily. :23S
Howard st. . . . : ...
M.VTCHETT. circle to-night, S o'clock; test to
all. 10c; reaiJtnEs dally. 132 Fourth st. ¦¦•;'
MMK. YOUNG'S convincing test ; circle to-
night, 303 Larkin. 10C; fittings 619 McAllister..
MME. MAJORS; gifted -spiritual medium,
healer and card reader.. 132 Sixth St., . room 1.:
MP.S. J. J. WH1TNKY. clairvoyant;- test, busir
nfss medium, life reader; sinings $1. 1104 Mkt-
EDWARD EARLE. . psychic. 128 Powell et.;
hours. 9 to 5; Sunday at K. of P.'.Hall. -.
MME. JOHNSON, busip.*- ss and test medium;
circle every night; read, daily. 1125ty .Mission;
MRP. HOTTER' S --circle'- to-night; test to alt,
10c; sittings daily; Jadles.iOc;. gents, $1. 34 Cth;-
MRS. LESTER, medium and palmist. Kl Turk
st.; circles Pun;, Tues., Fri., 3 p. m.,-25c;
CON ? ULT Watson/jiSl Mkt., hr. 12th; famous
¦ ciedlum a-nd i.almist; adytce infallible; 2J.C Up.
FRIENDSHIP Hall. 235 -McAllister— Mrs. C. J;
-Meyer,- fittings; cftnytnclhgtests, to-night; 10c.-
BUSINESS medium. 29C8'.Otls'et. i '"be_ Mason &
RuMegi'r; Aahby; ¦gta.y S;:. Berkeley; sit. ' dRlIy. : :
:¦'.'¦ : - : ••'- • ". ¦ c l<A.IIlV:pYAST_..;' ' - "v .•""'-
MME. PORTER. Wonderful clairvoyant & : card
reader, born with: double veil &eecbnd s'ght;
<Jiaenosf.-s disease ..; with life: leading; ladies
SQc. gents 'ti.j palm aad clalr, sit $150. 126 Turlt.
MRS. J. Ll'TTON. clalrvojant and card reader-
i-f ading?, &0c; pitting, $1; : every afternoon ex-
cept. Sunday.:.. -lift Turk st.j. no ¦sign, - : * .'.:-.. ; .;
MRP. E.: SANDERS, 514 Taylor frt_. nenr Gear}-
— Clairvoyant, palmist and bustness medium.;
ladies' circle Thurg.,-2 p.vjn.; Krf., Alclr., 25c.
ISMAR. •': the Egyptian gypsy clairvoyant and
palmist, permanently lo<-aled 1148 Marketopp.
6th; private readingsdaily, : 10 a. m. to.5 pv m.'
LINCOLN, occult student and clairvoyant; the
wonder of the. age; consult Mm.; you wlil
never regret it.. Parlors. 125 Turk et: V=:. : :
JUST returned. MRS, E. L : . DAVIS, clairvoy^-
ant. card reatjer; mental q-uestions.Vans-rt-erpd;
: ladies.; -»c; gt-.nta,' -tec.. .54, Sixth st;..; roontJ.S: .
MM:E/';B'ER^KDl.-.:-ieW8, :: ltfe>ftj»miy-»/«dVi«j"e'
given, in all affairs th .life; -'satlsfaetton-crtiar^'
; anteed; 25c up... It Third; Bt;/: next^gxarnrner^
MME. VALEEN^clafr;; cafd reader; palmist:
lucky charms, 2&c up. 215 Leayen\vorth :^t.
MME. ZEREJDA, the gypfjv is the fereat palm*
1st and card render;, _ic and V50cV.: 7 ; Seventh,'
MRS. CAMERON", .clairvoyant, ! card - reader;
. trance. medium;. 25c up,S23MJ8slon Bt.jritis be.lU
MME. HANSON; palmistry, card readeH ; past.^
present, future, 25c. V148 Sixth ef 4.r0ojm^.^.
MME. schaffer; c!i0rTOr__.'Vc_r4?fe_ler;
. tilitlr.zs dally. ;-44S^-'Jes3le;Bt.;^-;t'.: :::J'-r-
MRS. MELVILLE, well-known clairvoyant, wa^
ter reader, moved to 11 Sixth; German spoken.
MR L, E M -.£ W> « la l" ; ttyant. and business
medium. 425 Golden Gate ave. ".- :'•" ¦' :.~
MME. AUGTTST. clalr\-oyant. card reader, ana
palmletry; truth or no pay; 25c 1149 Mission.
MME RAVENNA: reads life fluently; business
.advice; names riven; 25c up. f. 6 Fourth st.
£AJjPET "g A TI^9 AjVP / CLEANING.
STANDARD. Si3 Guerrero— Curtains and'blan-
kets renc -_ted, 25cper pair; cdrpents cleaned, 1
3c. yd. : laying a specialty. Phone Mission 106.
WHEN you become disgusted' with poor ¦work
send to: SPAULDlNG'S Pioneer Carpet-Beat-
lng Works. 353-357 Tehama st. ; tel. South 40.
CARPETS 'cleaned at 3o per' yard, laid at 5c
STRATTON'S. 3 Eighth St.; tel. Jessie 944.;
J. E, MITCHELLi Carpet-Beatins: and -Reno-'
.'• vatlng Co., 240 Fourteenth st. ; tel. Mission 74.
CITY 'Steam • Carpet-Beating Works. Q.-.H*
¦ gTEVEXSj mgr,;.- 33-40 St> st. ;; lei South 250.
ADVANCE Carp?t-Cleanlng Co., 402 Sutter st.j
tel. Main 334. GE.0..WALCOM, proprietor.-
CONKLIN'S earpet-BeatlnB Works, 333 Golden
Gate ave.; telephone. East 126.. ¦¦' " .. .
- CHlROPODlSTjS; ¦-¦'¦:¦
BUNIONS, ingrown nails, corn» ; absolute' cure.
painless; conault'ji free. Dr. Duncan. 415 Sutter.
! COLLECTION OFFICjES. ..
GEORGE. TV'.- KELLY/S Agency— No charge un-
le»3 successful.":. Roptri 310,' 927 Market St. '¦
.-' '- V.' :: * '¦ ! '.-' ..'pifi^TISTS. '.-: . ;•¦",' ;..' • ;.'
AT the E—ECTROrDENTAfTcLfNia 809 "Sar^
ket st., -cor. '4th,. rm; 7,. Flood bldg.,- you- can
¦ have your extractions done painlessly; .toeth
' without, plates ' bur specialty: • gold crowns^
• - J3.E0 up; plates, extractions free,$4 50 up; of-
llce hours, 9 a. m. to 10 p. m.; Sundays, 9 to 2
p. m. G. W. WILLIAMSON, M.D.. Manager.
EIGHT prises for best crowns, plates, bridges
and fillings ; extractions or fillings by my won-
derful ¦ Becret. ipalnless method; 20 years' ex-
perience; no students ; advict free; prices
cheapest and guaranteed;; lady attendants.
PR. GEORGE W. LEEK. 20 O'Farrell st.
A NEW plate, tha unbreakable Rose Pearl,
warranted- for. 20 'years; crowns and bridge-
work; teeth without a plate; fillings, 50c;
crowns, $3.50; plates, full set, $5 CO; ell. work
painless and warranted. Chicago Dental Par-
lors, 24 Sixth St.; ' ¦ ' '¦ ¦ • : . - ...
"lIArNT Offlce" New York Dental Parlors, 1010
Market St., bet. Sixth and Seventh: consult
us on. crowns ¦ and ¦ bridges; teeth extracted
positively and absolutely without pain.
i>R. LUDLUJl HILL. 1443 Market, nr. Eleventh
¦ --Xo charce for : . extracting when platee are
made: old plates made over like - new ;. teeth
¦ from $S per set;,extractlng, 50c; gas given; .
LOWEST prices charged for conscientious work
executed by graduate dentiEtB at Standard
Dental: Parlors,.. 1275 Mission -St., near 8th."'
SET of teeth witKbut plate. DR. H. G. YOUNG,
; 1841 Polk st,.-; .;,'::-.,.¦;¦. ". .,.:>..,
PARIS Dental Parlor; 235 Kearny, cor. Bush—
Full set of teeth. $4; crowns, $3; fillings, 2So.
LOIN'EST.. pri<-ea In . S-- F. : painless extraction,
¦ 50c. New YorR -Dentists, 953 Mission, cor. 6th.
VAN \ r ROOMe"P'ainle5fi' f ; evenings i and Sun-
days. 1001 Market Ft.", corner Sixtn.' ¦;.•:••.' -
:.;-. UOG: HOSPITA1S. ¦; : :'-":-U.\
DR. BUZARD'S dog hospital, Post. Flllmore— ;
Advice and;medlclne,.:.75c.; city vIbUs, $1 60; all
animals treated; doBsboarded.- ; .Tel. West 636.
BUKSSMAKEKS AMJ SKAMSTHKSSES
FAIRFIKLD'S MilHhery Aeademy ; call and ex-
amine wtjrfc ;... aendff or . circular. ,;1236 ; Market.
ACCORDION pleating: factory; all kinds pleat-
_ig, : .plriktng, 131 Post,' overO'Connor&MolTatt..
McE>O-\V_iLL Dressmaking and MlUlnery School;
private class; patterns . cut. ,1019 Market st. ¦
6. F.-Dreesmakln?.: Ladles' Tailoring and Mil-
linery Echo6i; French system. '.'411 .Van Ness,
i'V-'Vii-.-i;:. ,. : "-;- edccatioxal. ¦ ">'•¦.:•• : .}'"¦¦" ¦-.
GALIJIGHE11-5aRSH ! O)liege, Parrott Bldfc-.-^
Shorthand, typing and bookkeeping: Robert F.
Gallagher, expert court reporter,- teacher. of
: shorthand; reportorial. phrasing taught; prac-
; ticcl bookkeeping; full course, $50; cata3og-ue.
HEALD"S BUSINESS COLLEGE, 2i POBt St.,
S. F.—Bookkeeplngr, shorthand, typing, lan-
gTja?e«, tclpgrajihy, English branches, .civil,
; electrical, and mining enjrlneerlngi etc. 1 .';; day
and night sessions; ftew 80-page catalogue free.
A— Til E LYCEUM, and accredited preparatory
Echool for: the university, law and medical
: colleges; references, . President Jordan or any
i Stanford ' prof esaor.:. Phelan building'. • ¦ '.'•j-'.'-j'
BOOKKEEPING or shorthand— If you want to
ltarn In a limited time,' take; pri vat*, lessons
' from an experienced teacher. . M> W. COR-:
NELL, roomi3, Thurlow: block. 126 Kearny st.
AYRES' Businees College. 723 Market 8t.; day
acd evening; ..individual Instruction. ¦". $S -.-¦ per-
month; -'Ufa -.scholarship,. J5<H bookkeeping.
shorthand., teregraphy, etc. ; catalogue-free..
HE : failed because he . -did noi learn "bookkeep-
ing In short time of . fcxpert TARR, 22* Par-
rott building;, be.wlse.; • . :• ;,-•','.' -.'.V. •¦• : . ; . "
SPANISH classes day and evening,'. 305 Larkin
. :--b_-,v cor. McAlHster:--: 4 lessons . a week. "' J3 ¦ a
month; also private,- PROF, Fi M. VIZCAINO.
iilSS.'JI.. G. BAniRETT,: Shorthand Academy;
¦ lessons by mali; : acknowledged:. by official .re*
porters bent teacher, best system.. 302; Montgy.
ALL students but two talcing .full course this
year got portions. SAN FRANCISCO BUSI-
: n<!.«s COLLEGE,: 1236 Market !«t. ' : f: : -.-', .
ENGINEERING, civil, elec.,mjnlng.mech.,eur-
vey, atsay. cyanide, arch. : day,: eve. : est. : 1864.
VAN DER..NA1LLEX SCHOOL, 933 Market.
FRENCH, Spanish.etc Prof. DeFillppe^Academy
of Lanpuages,3;oPo8t;ef?tabld.l871;able6t profs.
SPANISH.' French.: GenTian. singing, piano. • $2
mo.;; hours. 2-4,. 6-S. 1_6 Market, rms. 119-117.
MUXSON School ghorthiand. Typing, Bookkeep^
ing, .Spanish. .137 Mpnt'y, E. M. Carpenter, pr.
MK. and MRS, D."' MANSFIELD, music studio";
violin, guitar, mandolin, banjo. 1S36 Edd>- st-
ILLUSTRATION— PAKTINGTON'S DAY and
ILLUSTItATION— Night class. 424 Pine St.
CALIFORNIA Business Colleee is again en-
larging quarters. Come see us, 305 Larkin Bt.
ARITHMETIC, bookkeeping, grammar, writing,
etc.. day or eve. ; to mo. 1024 ivllsslon, nr. 6th.
-^^EMrLOVMKVr OFFICES. "~~
A— JAPANESE and Chinese employment con-
tractor- estab. over 10 years; all kinds help.
42t Post: St., near: Powell; telephone Bush 135.
JAPANESE and Chinese Employment Offlce;
best help furn.; tel. John 2121. 806\4 Stockton.
FRED WAMATS. Japanese Chinese contractor;
emp. office; 544 California; tel- James 2601.
RELIABLE Japaneee-rChlnese employment of-
licp; all kinds help. 313 Stockton; Maln.518S.
JAPANESE Ilousecleanlng Co.— Waitcrs.cooks.
¦ dishwashers; est. 1890. 1028 Oak; tel. Page 547.
UNION Japanese-Chinese emp. offlce— Best help
. turn. ;: domestic eerv. 417 Powell; tel. Bush 376.
ORPHEtiM Employment Ofllce— Japanese, ChU
;•-. nese help. 426 Powell, nr. Sutter: tel. Black 5072.
CHINEEE andj Japanese Employment Offlce—'
Best help. 411 Vj O'Farrell St.; tel. East 426.
.'¦ _'¦:' : J EXPEIIT : OITICIANS. ; ; '. : :
ETES. examined free;, spectacles properly ad-
¦ "Justed. . X. Mahassf., ocnllst optician, 910 MKt.
EMPLOYMBKT^ .VyAXtEb-^FEMALE.
A— MIDDLE-AGED woman, "good cook, ¦ refer-
;. eocea,;»2. Apply MRS. NORTON. 313 Sttttec:
A— RELIABLT^. colprea'-- woman desires -work
v by the day. Apply. MRS... NORTON. 313 Sutter. '
FIRST-CLASS! cook wants position in. hotel or
institution: no fJisbwashJng; very b^sf refer-'
/ fences;; C. R: IIAX;sje;N;_:cO;;; ; 104- Geary st^'--
COMPETENT, woman ivith; girl 5 Tyears wished
,' ' housekeeping:.; or . chamber ...work ; In . .roomliTg
wages $10. ; : ?44
:-Howara .S;t,--; : ;...- ' •'•"'.';:.-. ' : ¦¦¦-'¦.'¦:.?'• »,'- '. : * :,.'•¦.• : ;;
EDUCATED lady,- ¦ neat,- ¦ ecpnomtcal.'' ¦ reliable,
} : de jires- :. position .of. •-.tryst; : : - housekp«?pirig or'
'• 'managing';" pleapant.-Jfome' the main object
'.;'•: A<3dreys;-t?px 27S8y-.CaU;efflce. . ¦•; - ;¦•¦¦"•-.;.•, •::•.-• -:. :
GKRMiN cook ._nd inmn'helper or dishwasher
• \vant: ; places: together.: In hotel,', restaurant or
¦,;boardinj5-house;city,ior.:cQuntry; : ;'.242' Natom'a
; : .st..;"basement..';:yv ; :V" •''•••";. ' ; ; .:1 ; "' V-;;; : ¦"/.•.'
R_SPECTABL_:-lady,. ;; gQod cook,;- wishes. .posj-'
: .tion as ¦ hoiiMekeeper.; good care' of ; chlidren>:
S Call at 68-.7S- .Elljs St., room. S3;- bet. J.3,. p.;rn;."
WOMAff^ .wants 'Wbrk. by- the day, ielthef house.
cleaning qr. wa^hingi Apply .at 715.-. Clemen-'
¦¦'tlna- st..: ; rear;iV°r>: - -A-. : ?.;¦':> '"' ..].. .>'%'¦•, .-;.- v-.
U'AKTED-By young' girl ' position ¦ for :'genefal
• .housework ; .: or \ would -' do - second work, w- 1021
; Howard St.',' room S..:-/" f-.J:-''. ¦:•-. ,-' : . : -v- :.••:¦_ v ¦
TOUNG -girl -wishes : gitnatlon '..'¦ to ''• do e-eneral
. • housework 1&- American -.family.'". Call at lli'
...Oak gt: •;".-;¦• ; ¦:"-, \X.'''-'-'(- -• '¦''.'¦ ¦. '. .j 'I.' :' ¦-:'¦' ¦ -.'.'.*'
WANTED--BY:--ti-'':Swpdish .woman, -a-iplaoe tp
.. do. cooking or !generai;houseworlc Box 4, CallV
YOUNG girl would ; like to have position' In an
officer: dental, preferred.. Box 27M, Call offtce,
KXPER1ENCED • waitress .-.wishes I a ''position ;
; re ptaurant preferred. ; i 7«. O'Farrell sit. • -¦¦ •.•: : ; ¦
MIDDLE-AGED Gerirtan- woman ': wishes -'sltiia'^
¦ tion for gerieral housework or as: housekeeper:
' .tan - sp^-nk German only. ¦;.• Call or ' address 758
•¦ Howard st:/-".- -; : v :..; ¦.¦•] :.". •;."|;. . •; .¦'.-.: ..••. :-'--:- : *. '. ;.-,.
dressmaker: from "City of : Paris 1 ?, win go
out by the aay,. $2 50. ;' 1514 Geary st. near
:- X.asnna. : •.•:;: ."•'¦: -.•¦¦.¦.-,¦., ¦.»'• V.:..:"--- :i . : ." : ',. . ".'"• -"•;-¦":
GERMAN 1 gtrl wishes v a . poslttpn; :-,$20 per
' . inqnth;. ¦ hoiisework; .and; cooking."'. 723 A: Te-
.-. hama' at, '.-•'¦ .•;.:-J,"j ".V. -.-¦'; •..'.•'•¦'. '.'" i.-. •-".:.- : .7-lSj .'¦;.
KEAT respectable: Protestant as second- girl in;
v. flujet American: family across" the bay. ; Call
:' at ; .415 -Third : st^ K h{\ ¦-'[•¦¦ ¦¦¦.'¦¦'¦.¦':;.; ¦/:¦ .': "-" : ; : " .,•'
WANTED-rA : nituatlon in. a private exchange
¦ by a young lady with experience.-: Address 106
•Bernard St.- ¦-.'...¦..•.-¦.;¦¦*;.¦¦:..•: . ¦'. ,-...-"" v_-. ; . ... ¦;:¦-¦¦¦
EORROW"on' diamonds; "perfect- secrecy; -pri-
vate entrance. UNCLE HARRIS, 15 Grant a.v.
EMPLOYMENT WANTED— FEMALE.
A iWIDOW wishes a position as _ working
housekeeper. Apply to 668 Mission at. ¦ ¦
YOUNG lady wishes situation to do. light
housework or care of child. 323H Third St.
WINCHESTER House, 44 Third «t., near-Maf-
ket— 200 rooms; 25c to Jl 50 night. $1 50 to $8
.' week; convenient and respectable;- free "bus
and baggage to and from ferry. "
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
. received at Call branch of nee. 2200 Flllmore.
A' BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at . 103«
Valencia st. . - •• ;. ; • •
EMPLOYMENT WANTED— MAXB.
SINGLE, man." understanding citrus and.de-
• cidiious orchards, stock and general • farin-
lnr. wants to take charge of fruit or graz-
. ine. ranch; references. Address .RV S.. 415
. Powell st. '.¦.".¦•..• • -,. : --. ;¦ : • /
VALET, .well educated young man 27, desires
position as gentleman's valet; speaks 6 lan-
cuares.andhas traveled throughout Europe,
.. South Africa, British and Dutch India, and
; China. Box. 5. Call office. ..
STENOGRAPHER and -typewriter wants posi-
.. .tion. having good knowledge of bookkeeping
: with. long business experience in- several lines
and first-class references. Address P. N.,
.1275 Mission' st, . . ' .. •, • • •¦-. : . '¦¦
EDUCATED - young man. 21 years of. age.
speaking and writing . fluently German.
French, Spanish and English, desires a po-
sltlon; ref. Address A. M.. 1823% Green Bt.
RELIABLE, honest farmhand seeks steady
work on farm or vineyard; can milk: drive 2
horses: prefers good home ; moderate wages.
Address box 2765. Call office.
SITUATION wanted by a good, steady Ger-
man in private family; take care of horses
and garden; city or country; good references.
Address box 3. Call office. .
VOUNG man. 83, temperate, reliable, educated,
with business experience, familiar with type-
writing and of flee work, wants position as of-
flce man, clerk or salesman. Box S762, Call.
A GERMAN deliverer for the last 10 years In
\ saloons and groceries, wishes to invest from
$300 to $400 in any paying business; Address
box 2788. Call office.
AN active, strong and highly educated young
'man £5 . years old, who is of sterling habits
and ple_ sing address, wishes a situation of
• any kind: Al references. Box 2, Call office.
AN exoerienced ' cook wishes a position in
lunch house; references if required. 240 Sut-
ter St.. room 13. .:.- ¦ ¦"¦' •
STEADY boy, 18, living with parents, desires
to learn Jewelry business. Address E. R.,
¦¦ 711 California at. ., ., ¦¦'-¦:'.-;.
BAKER, young V' man. b?>en on -cakes, desires
• situation ¦ on bread; can mold some. Box
; 2759. Call" olflce. .-¦¦-: /¦... ' . . z
RELIABLE man wishes position to do Janitor
¦ or. porter ,- work I in .- morning. Address -box
¦;; 2757. -Call office.;. , ¦; '-'..;¦:-- '¦ \ ".
WAJITBDr'A position by a young man as col-
v lector, bookkeeper or office ..work; good Tef-
¦ ereaces..,-: Address V. A. B., 323 First at. ;.
COOK wants work; a good, careful cook; or
would go :as second cbok. T. SMITH, 31S
Minna it.:-:.-.': - : '¦• . . "....¦-. -.-.:¦/ . ¦ ¦" . . •
WANTED^-SItuatJon as baker; good helper;
oountry preferred. 1218 Twenty-sixth St., Oak-
•land. ¦¦'';•¦.¦." ••¦". .-¦•; ....•.-...• ' . ¦ : ¦"¦¦"¦
TRAVELING: man,- eight years on road, de-
sires position In hotel. Address box 2761. Call.
SITUATION wanted by German bartender.' Box
SS94.. Call- of flee.. -.¦.-¦¦ .-"•. ; ¦.•'•:.• .
WANTED— By November 1, position as chore-
itian: • thoroughly sober. Industrious; under-
- stands steam. heating; gardener: can milk, do
carpenter work; private place, hotel or school
: where a good man Is required. Address F.
II., 631 Sacramento st. room 134.
YOUNG ' man:- violinist wishes musical work;
dance work; sporting house or saloon work
'accepted; fine tone;, plays by note only; terms
•very, reasonable. Box 3S7S, Call. '.: . .
STRONG irian, ,80. does not use liquor nor to-
bacco, wants- steady work of any kind; low
.wages.' -Box 2751. Call office. ¦-' '¦ -
YOUNG German -wants position as porter: un-
derstands gardening work; best references.
Vox 3738. Call office. , ':':'¦ : . '-¦'.
STEADY young man,' understands the care of
horses, desires a position as coachman or
gardener; .understands milking cows; city or
country; ; references. .THOMAS, Ahlborn
House, 32,1 'Grant ave. '¦¦ . ¦ . '.' ¦ • :.
MAN speaking English, PortueuMe, Spanish
and understands French and Italian wishes a
pcaltton In city or country at any kind of
. -work- .334: Plna tt. -¦; .' .•'¦¦¦¦'. :.-'-""- ..."¦"-..
YOUNG m»nj well educated In English and
German, desires position of any kind; refer-
.ences and security given. J. SHILLINO. 15S1
¦ -. -Valencia, st..; :•'.'• ¦¦¦'. \ ¦:'¦'/' 'V .•"•••.¦.'.•'¦¦.•'! y; •.-
$100,000 TO loan on diamonds, watches,' silver,
fcealskins. p|anos, guns. UNCLE HARRIS,
15 Grant.aTe. ¦¦ " \'-. .-'I- ."•- ',''•',. ¦'.'.¦¦ ':'<;•..:
MAN and. wife about 89 want situations on
ranch or private place; sober and trustworthy;
references.: Box S601. Call of flee. .-.¦¦ ¦¦'.?";..-"¦»
EXPERIENCED cook wants position In hotel
or mlnlne'camp; country; etate wages and'
: fare. Box 38S0. Call office. ; . ¦ >
BARKEEPER, also lunchman and walter'wish
situations in saloon.- F. F., 458 Xatoma st.
STATIONARY engineer wishes position. : Ad.
dress; box 8S30, Call, office. ' . :.'¦¦': ¦
JAPANESE young boy wants a position to do
plain cooking in private family. IL: HASHI,
1225 Devisadero St., tel. Jackson 330.' . - - •;¦¦¦'
JAPANESE cook wishes position tn private
family. Address MIYOSHI. box 2760, Call. .
CHINESE cook, flrst-class boarding house or
family cook, wishes situation. CHOXG
WING. 902 Clay St.
FIRST-CLASS Chinese cook and laundryman
wants situation; city or' country. Address
Chinese Cook, S16 Front et.. S. F.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Flllmore st.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1036
Valencia st. . ¦'¦ ;•-. -¦ ' :' ,¦¦ ' '•'¦¦ ' .. ¦
~~.' ¦'/:•..;: FLATS : TO LET.: ' -
A— BRAND-NEW, . 4 rooms, porcelain bath;
electricity, ras; every room sunny; $20; east
of Van Ness. A. M. SPECK & CO.. €67 Mrkt.
BAY-WINDOW flat of 2 rooms: sunny; rent
?12 DO; water free. 13C5 Sacramento tt. .
FINE modern flat, 7 rooms and bath. 625 Golden
Gate ave., bet. Van Ness ave. and Franklin.
IF you want to move get printed. list flats to let
from BALDWIN & HOWELL. lOMontgome'ry.
MONEY advanced on articles of all descrip-
tions, from $1 t6 $1000. at UNCLE HARRIS'.
•15 Grant ave. ¦¦¦¦ • '¦'¦ . ¦ ¦ , •, ; .
NATOMA, 714. bet. 8th and 9th— Flat of 4
rooms, yard and cellar; rent $10; no children.
5 BUNNY rooms;; 900 Bryant: st...cor. Seventh;
cKap; apply corner, between 1 and, 3 p. ta. >.
$7-^4-ROOM flats on Victor st./ oft Bryant.:bfet."
¦ <th~ and 8th. Inquire at grocery.. 941. Bryant..'
• von- sale. i : . vd ¦ '
4 ROOMS: furnished in oak for J4S 50, with No •
;:7 ranee. -King Furniture Co.. 1127-1131 Mar-.
-ket at.: .telephone- 8onth .-637.-, '-¦. '. -. ¦.,•¦¦.: -
.-; : : ;;XfvFURXITURE- WANTED. ' : '- : \& \
¦CIIAa.-.f.LEVY buys your furniture, -' carpets,'
--.Pianos.- etc. 1135.;Market st;:rel >: ' Jessie .761. ,,
A.. WOLLPERT. 773 Mission . st..'- pays hichest
;;;pr.lc'ft.for,^rc;ond-h{ihd'fu>nltHre; : tel. ,Red : 1354;
' AucUdneer— Lv' Vincent; 1305 Larkln ; tel Polk 691.
;.-¦•. furniture, fcjfurn'd houses. b6ugh.t: : .Bpot cash.
W.E. CODY (late. with J. T. ..Terry * Co,). '"buys
.: furniture... .carpfets.:; 757 Mission; tel. Red 3353.
',;. V'i'-IlfiL^/vVANTEb^itrijMA-B:.^:.;^ .-.'
C.R.; HANSEN & c6....,^.".;P»6ne; Grant J85
/.,.,./.., V; HOTEL. DEPARTMENT. ..i...^..
• : 6 ..wrsltresses, .first-class : country. .hotels, $20:
.¦v2 tfaUrefisefc, Salt. Lakei City; Utan; : $W, Call
• and : hear : the/ 'term's-; 2 .chambermaids;, first-.
cla?a hotel, pouth;, *20: Cham barmaid, country
.hotel, near city. $20, call : earty; 2 waitressra,
: •eit.),V$20;- chambermaid to wait;- $20. • • '¦¦¦¦' :¦.¦¦ ¦¦
. \ ".•"•••..•. FAMILY;.DEPART>IEN1> ., ;.;;.vJ;
¦ " Jl' n S h housegirl for.2 in: family to go south/
•¦•¦l.o, :-.f are paid { French second girl, city, :r$20;
.60 houseglrls, city and. country. $10, $25;
young nuw»egiri,t care of . 2 -children, ¦ city:
vothersj- Italian housekeeper.; C. R. ; HANSEN
:-. - &. : CO. . 104 Geary • st:- ;.-^.'-i.. :": '¦:•¦ :. j ,v ,-t : ¦¦¦:¦:¦ ;.
A. CHOICE place housegirU Oakland. i$25*;
= . keep; two. girls. -C/R. HANSEN & CO., : 104
-." Geary at..-.; , : -,-¦ : :.:\-- ;•¦;?' ¦...:¦; ;: ;-;; • ..." '¦'¦¦;':¦
A— WANTED— Chambermaid,: hotel, -city, $20.'.
;:¦ W.-D.: .EWER &;CQ ; ; 61O.Clay-Bt; . ..:";¦/
LAUNDRESS, J23; nurse.: institution, $25. must
: go -to-day, : Apply. MRS. NORTON, 313 Sutter.
WANTEjDr-Yquhg lady etenographer. who.un.
.. oerstands. bftoRkeeping; ¦¦. state- particulars/^ ex*
• ; perlfftce • arid :salary expected ; • answer ¦ in own
; handwriting';,. Box 1. Call offlce. > -- .¦•..•;:•..-.•¦•,.¦
;A LIMITED riymber of bright young girls. will
. , be^taken for ; Instruction : Jn our .white . shirt
":•: and overall ; paid while learning.
btandard. Shtrt Factory/corner . Gough ana
Grove :st». ':'.¦;.; ;. ... :.;• .'.••...-•':¦-. : .-.:;•"
A LA-DY- of.. indomitable' energy,! possessed "•" of
self-assertion; good opportunity to right party.
¦ F/iPERSONj r6om.412.-ParroU building. -.: .
A. GIRL' for general' housework and plain cook-
. Ing; references; wages $20, 1818 Plna st; ¦
GIRL to assist ; with : housework. 1318 Fulton
..^street.-. .•»¦••:.,:;,".;."•-¦.: : • ¦ ¦ /•,. ' .;-... .'".'•. : ¦,"'.:'•'•:-.. .-'
GIRL tor general -'¦ house *«k.' 1124 Greenwich
,-¦• St.. -near.. Hyde. ':'•¦ ;..; ¦ : '^:. '¦:¦¦.:,'¦'-'¦' ¦
FIRST-CLASS waitress wanted.. 8321 Mission
¦street. .:¦¦-.¦ : ¦: , : •-..,• '- . ,-.. •¦•¦. .. . .. .-. -, •
ailSCELLANEOPS^FOR SALE.
K— 100 HORSEPOWER engine, boiler, two-drill
air compressors. JARDINE'S. 2a> Fremont st.
FOR sale— Set of antique dishes, old blue wil-
low ware. 1425 Mission st. -- •: , '->..-¦ :-T:' '
AT a bargain— Stock of second-hand goods la
good condition. 1425 Market st.
FIRST-CLASS seoond-hand modern engines and
boilers bought and sold. KROGH MfK. Co.
200-LIGHT dynamo, engine and boiler, com-
plete; cheap. H. 3. WHITE. 518 Mission st.
W1LL rent full dress Tuxedo or Prince Albert
suits for $2 50. Portland Loan Office, 25 Stktn.
SA FE.«— New and second hand. THE HER-
MANN SAFE CO.. 417-423 Sacramento st.
POItTABLE engines, boilers; iron and wood
planers, lathes; 2d band.- J. Bttrke. 139 F.eale.
MAGIC Ifnterns, new and 2d hand; moving
pictures. BULLARD _ BRECK. 131 Post st.
10-TON Fairbanks »cale and flre and. burglar
proof «af*. 216 California St. :¦-.-.¦ •'•
2D-HAND photographic and magic lantern out-
flta bought, sold, exchanged. 109 Montgomery,
SAFES— New and second hand: all sizes. THE
WALTZ BAFK. 109-111 Market St.. San Fran.
MISCgLLAXEOUS WANTS.
GOOD duck dog. well broken. Box 3602. Call
OffiC*. -.¦- . : ' •;¦ _'¦
A-CLOTHI.VG. sealskins. Jewelry, etc, bought;
will call. L. Eros.. 25 Stktn ; phone Black 1201*
V/ANTED — Upright piano for cash. H. U
WIIITEilEAD. 1710 Market St.
LADIES" and genta' east-ofT clothing bought _
sold. Sllverman. 984 Folsoa; tel. Folsom 113L
KLEIN atlll pays best price for clothing brlc-
a-brae and books. 103 Sixth st. : tel. Jessla 14_
.MOXBV TO LOA.T.
ANY amount on furnltore. Dlancg. without r»-
icoval or any other good security; payabi»
back In Installments or aa a whole; if you
owe a balance en tha purchase prlc* — « will
pay It and carry tha loan as Ion* aa yon de-
sire; avoid red tape and publicity; se« ns
first; you will be waited upon quietly and
quickly. Call C3-P Donohoe bldg.. U?a Market.
A A— BE3T rate* and easiest terms.
............... Second _Lortga«*s
¦ Interests In Estates ... .
......Undivided Interests la Real Eitat».."!I
Financial problems of all scrts and *iYz»a
solved by HERMAN MURPHY. CO Market it.
A — MONET to loa_ at rates which people can
afford to pay on furniture, piano*, ete. ; „>
not borrow of yotir friends or you will : ,t<>
their friendship; do b«u!aes» with stranger*
and you will hi better satisfied; no d>Uy; no
publicity. Roars 9 and V>. VA Markt; st.
ANT amount at C per cent: lat. iA and H m-ort-
gagen, undlTi<J<«l Interest. re«l eaiate !a pro-
bate; mortgage and legacies bought; bo de-
lay; get my tenr.i b»fr.re doing bt_:a«w »¦•«-
wb»re. It. McCOLfiAN, 24 Mcn;g-,mery. r. I.
ANY proposition, any amount: * per eent: Int.
second mortgages, estate* In probata. Interest
In estates, legacies, corporation loa_ ». chattel
zncrtgiures. life lasarar.ee. It/Aim II. ftr»t floer.
Chronicle bnlHlr.g. UALIS)P.AX _ OLfiZN
HIGHLY respectable, private plae* t» cbtala
liberal gdTsnct* on <J:arnoods. Jeweiry at low-
est rates. Baldwin J— '*li— Store. *4« Market
i »t.: tel. Main It44. Branch 13 Third «-
A— VSA.tM ON eity asd v.trsiry real ext— t* aad
estates; cha tt»l 0%ortgage«; net«* ar.1 eol-
laterals. J. _ROVT».:-rro:»'_. U Migaty.Tsery.
MOET reliable p__ e to brm~.-^ va <S:*mnnAa,
watches. Jewelry. W. J. H-JrTHA-, » *!rth;
higfceit price for n'A yA<\, t'.litr. *.:Jusr.aAt.
AT 12* Kearcy st-. rocs* *. r*rp*>zz*Zi*, prlvata
place to bcrrow en wiuha. _*s.-— is; lowest
rates; take e!e— ater. Tel^tS^rse _»-rls 9X.
ANT amount by private party oa farn'-tare and
piancs: no removal; low rates; ccn_dentlal.
BONELLI. 301 Jones it., corser Eddy.
WHY pay rent? We lean money to build with;
small monthly payments. HOME BUtLDINO
COMPANY. 222 Banscme St., room _
AUSTIN'S Salary Lean Co., l<& Parrott build-
Ing: men can seenre loans en personal note.
MONEY loaned salaried people without security.
HILL, rm. 44. Merchants ' Ex.. 431 California.
PRIVATE party on furniture and pianos; I per
• cent; no removal; no comiris'n. 8 Eddy. r. 8L
TO salaried people without security: all busi-
ness confidential. Tousley Co.. S21 Parrott big.
MONEY to loan on furniture by private party;
lew rat". 91? Market st.. room L
ON furniture and piancs: no removal; confl-
dentlai; en diamonds, ete. 33 Taylor st.
CASH loaned to salaried people on note without
¦¦¦ lndnrser. MORRELL. «03 Examiner building.
TO lalaried people without collateral cr ln-
domer. 3. F. Discount Agency. 143 Phelan big.
MUSICAI._ tSSTRr^MEyrs.
WE have a new lot of interchangeable tune
! Olympta music boxes, playing 15 tunea with-
out stopping. They are the best thin? of the
kind ever offered. MAUVAI- MU31C CO..
.::-.?<- Market st. . ;-
WE want you to call and see tha bargains w»
have Fine second-hand planoa for $100. HaO.
$175, "$K*. $300, $3C0. Beautiful new ones for
$300 to $350. All ptanoa sold on easy pay-
ments If you desire, and you can at any Uma
exchange for a new Decker „ Son.-
BY a special arrangement wltn the manufac-
turers we ar« now enabled to give 12 tunes
with each Olympla music box sold by u»
hereafter, and a discount of 10 per cent wiu
ba allowed on tune discs when one dozen or
more are bought at a time. MAUVAI3 JI_-
SIC CO.. "S3 Market St.. agents.
ALL purchasers of "pianos at Byron Mauzy'a
ha\\j the privilege of exchanging for ona or
the celebrated Sohmer Pianos, or one of our
Byron Mauzy Piancs, any time within four
years, full purchase price being allowed. Our
rent plan has been the best offered to th»
public ter the past three years. A large sixe.
beautifully finished, full-toned piano, with
stool and cover, warranted for five years, for
1350. $6 cash and %i per month. This Is not —
cheap piano, full value being given for every
dollar spent. BYRON MAUZY, Sola Agent
Sohmer & Co., Byron Mauzy. Gabler. Speil-
man and Hamilton Pianos. 308. 310. 313 Poat.
ALL purchasers of pianos at SHERMAN.
CLAY & CO.'S have the privilege of ex-
changing for a STEXNWAT any time within
three years and full purchase price allowed:
the best makers of every trade to select from;
beautiful new uprights $6 cash, it per month;
seme good pianos for $3. $4 and $3 per month.
SHERMAN. CLAY _ CO.. STKINWAT
DE ALERS, corner Kearny and Sutter st_.
San Francisco; corner Broadway and Thir-
teenth st?.. Oakland.
ABSOLUTELY the oldest and larsest house
west of Chicago is KOHLJER _ CHASE'S. 2S.
2S and 30 O"Farr?ll st. ; pianos, organs and
all other musical instruments of all grades
and prices: terms easy; prices lowest; •very-
thing possible done to please and satisfy ta-»
customer.
SPECIAL snaps In a few slightly used pianos.
See us. BENJ. CURTAZ _ SON. 18 O'Far-
rell St.; Chickerlng agency and everything
: ' pertaining to music; symphonlon music boxes.
VIOLIN strings; never wet; best in the world;
making and repairing- of all kinds of musical
'Instruments. Carl C. Anderson. 417 Geary at.
BAD luck forces m» to eell my piano cheap
. : to save storage. ; Room 21. Flood building.
PARTY going to New York must sacrifice ele-
gant upright grand piano. 832 Turk; st.
BEST rent stock In ctty; new pianos: $3 per
month. SCOTT CURTAZ.. 560 Hayes st.
HIGH-GRADE piano, nearly new. $163. HEINK
Piano Co..: 217 Geary St. ¦ . : :
SUPERIOR violins, zithers, old and new. H.
MULLER. maker, repairer. 2 Latham place.
ELEGANT 8ohmer upright, good as new, and
other great bargains. BRUENN. 2W Post
FINE S-pedal upright piano; sacrificed on ac-
count of sickness. 907 McAllister st, :. . :
A cleaning out ofplanos for storage; dirt cheap;
Installments. Wilson's Storage. 1710 Market.
AT KEEFFE'S. : 933 Market St.. 4 i-lecant up-
rlghts at yopr own prlc*. Shonlnger agency. .
A BARGAIN; moat be sold; nice upright piano.
SCHMIT2. 16 McAllister »t-. neat Hlb. Bank.
HIGH-GRADE planes; Steck. Hardman. Con-
over & fthers-'-W. R ALLEN A CO.. 314 Post.
AXD STOKES TO LEtT"^
A GRAND store, adjoining the Owl Drug Co.;
23x130 feet; reduced from $i?00 to UM. Apply
A. M. SPECK - CO.. 667 Market st.
EMMA SPRECKELS building. 927 Market St.—
Light sunny offices, $15 to $29 per month, with
light, heat. Janitor and use of phone. v ¦: . :•
STORE, S rooms. Just vacated, for barber. sho<»-
maker or dressmaker: $15. 3I1S 23d. nr. Folsom.
STORE to let; rent $13. 517 Laguna St., corner
Linden aw,: 1 .'-.;- ¦•' -¦ ¦•-.-•'-¦."-- ;. - -....-r;-.-.--;.-... ¦
NEW store: offices upstairs: separate entrance -
. cheap. 624 Merchant St.. near Hall of Ju-sttce.
23x125 FIRST loft ; iixSO second loft. 579 and
SS7 Mission st.. opp WelU-Fargo's building.
8C6. SANSOME; handsome store. J10; 32-t Pacifl"
. large store cheap. :..;¦. < .-¦ ¦¦_. - *
LARGE elegant store and base*Swif 893 Va-
. Jencta st; iim- ?ixt. hnglne»n renter.
;- T : ; ; j' '.,¦¦- '.; : ',.. ' °'l '.:¦ . "^
OIL STOCKS. ¦¦:¦'. ~~~ ' ~~*
Bachelors ••••'•*;-—......;.v....... «
. Xonarch, Sunset district..." * "" _>
Gray Gander, Kern River;. • — ..—... -m
Ophir ;. ' *J
Three States ¦ **"• rr
Lone Star .."_' V.**V*ff 1 .'
: PORTER A CHfvpv
Member of Producers* «I __ctaifi_
Stocks, bonds and securitle, bou?ht anTsold.
S30 California st.
JOSEPH B. TOPLITZ. 330 Ptn« -T — : ~~
ilEMBER PRODUCERS' OIL EXCHOIOTR.
;, • Country correspondence SSSffi" 1 * :.Hiram F. Kelly (owner) with Erik Boes (con
tractor and architect)— AU work for a four
room and basement frame cottage on W lln<s
of War* street. 104 :9U — San Bruno avenue. N
25, W 84:3H. SE 30:6%, E 78. to beginning, por
tion lot 2. block 7, Garden Tract Homestead
Association; J12S3- ¦ - ¦
Amelia Aronson (wife of A.) (owner) with
J. W. Miller (contractor), architects, Heroen
wav i Miller— Brick work for steel, cast Iron
and brick bulldln* on N line of Union Souaro
avenue. 1S3:4 E of Stockton, E 45:10 by N 60;
»«aoo. ¦ : : ¦ : : ' ¦
Same owner with Ralston Iron Works (eon
tractors), architects same— Steel and cast iron
work for same on same; $3130.
Builders' Contracts.
State Department Explains.
, WASHINGTON. Oct. 3L— In reply to the
protest of the French Government against
the action of the Treasury Department in
again imposing duties on liquors and cor
dials In excess of the reciprocity agree
ment, the State Department has replied
that . the matter having gone before tho
JJni ted States Court is for the time re
inoved from the field of negotiation and
that the action of the court mu3t be
awaited before further progress can be
made. \- -.•-.'.'
Methodist Bishops Meet.
TRENTON. N. J.. Oct. 31.— The Board of
Bishops of the Methodist "-Episcopal
church of America began Its semiannual
session in the First 'Methodist Episcopal
Church to-day. There were eighteen
bishops present. The session will be pri
vate. Among the matters that will come
up for settlement is the naming of bishops
to preside at the different conferences
throughout the country between January
1 and June 1 ngxt year.
Government Saves Money.
WASHINGTON, Oct. 31.— The -Indian
bureau finds that the new system of
transporting Indian supplies by dealing
directly with the railroads Instead of
through contractors, has effected a sav
ing of 20 per cent, or $40,000. in transporta
tion expenses for the last fiscal year.
Heretofore the railroads have refrained
from bidding for the . transportation con
tracts and private contractors have re
ceived large profits. ;¦;¦.;¦¦
.WASHINGTON. Oct. 31.— In answer to
an inquiry the Treasury Department has
held that aliens who ; have been duly ex
amined at ports of tho United States and
there admitted as not being of the classes
excluded by law need not be re-examined
except physically at Honolulu, even
though they reached' that port through
Canada, provided passcge thr-ugh Can
ada was continuous without atopover.
Aliens Eeekiup admission at Honolulu
under any other conditions must be ex
amined as original applicants for admis
sion to this country. :
Ruling of the Treasury Department
; ; .Which Will Be Appreciated
. • . : . : : : by Travelers. .
ALUECTS.NEED NOT BE •".-:¦
RE-EXAMINED AT HONOLULU
VIENNA, Oct. SI.— Official confirmation
has been received here from Mostar in
Herzogovlna of the reports of a collision
growing out of a boundary dispute be
tween an Austro-Hungary military patrol
and a force of Montenegrin soldiers. One
Montenegrin was kill and several
wounded. - ¦ .- - ¦
Clash With Montenegrins.
?<GUSTAyE PTJXI,MAN" : :
.' ; • * IS TTNDER ARREST
Man Who Has Been Annoying the
family of the Millionaire Taken
' . : .. Into Custody. -^ /, .
XEW TORK, Oct. 31.— The young man
who for several years annoyed the Pull
mans In Chicago by deraaridinjr money of
them and calling himself Gustave Pull
man, was arrested here j to-day. This
afternoon he called at the hotel •. where
young George and Sanger Pullman arc
living and sent bis card up to the former.
Pullman had him ejected and he returned
and demanded $60,000. He was again put
out and on his third visit was arrested.
After being arraigned In the Police Courc
he was taken to the Insane pavilion at
Bellevue Hospital for observation.
NEW WESTERN HOTEL
Ed Calkins. San Jose J J Enos. Byron .. :
Alex Duftord. Boston T White. Cincinnati
F G Shrewsberry, Cal R Husband. Salt Lake
n Eltyrm. Sta Clara A C Smithy Boston:
W C Crale.Lakeport WJ MeNulty. Chicago
J Boyd, Seattle j J A McRae & w, Cal
W- M Moore. Los Ang N A Jacobs Jt fy. Cal
G R Bones, Atlanta !H W Torrence & w. Or
3 S Saiall, Mexico U p Williams & w. Or
W Couser & Bro. Seatt-Mrs'F S Haas & s, Cal
G W Brown. Los Ang <W Graff, Manila
W H Conrad, Phila ' T B Murphy & w, Otot
Mrs Conrad. Phlla T M Sullivan, Manila.
Miss F Conrad. Phlla L U tzra, Manila
W H Searaans. Sacto P DPonti w. Manila
D S .Rosenbaum. StktniF H James & w.VN T -.
J J O'Brien. Chicago {Miss N Stevens, N T:
"W Damrosch &. w, N T<C F Main. Boeton : "-.
M Richard & w, Cal j.R M Cutts & w, M Isld
D C Harr. NT J W Moore. Phlla .
M Sinclair & w. N T ', S HarterHk & w, Chlo
R J Sime. N Y J A Tefft. Wis
H A Strodthoff & w, W G Goodman. Boston
ArU : J A Rush & w; R Vista
E A Bowef. Pa J ; Ferguson. Orovllle
PALACE HOTEL.
GHA^'D /HOTEL;
gag .Rttgjrltt' Clil-iagor-'?; B; Vermi!yea,.-.Cal ¦'-$.*.
I". iti-Ir.tnS-.-Saetov. •.'¦'/; Ii: Runieoofl:'*. "w..- Cal
A.;L:vSrntt.h^..Cal :. : ' ¦¦./ jJ-Merrltt & Wi' Woodld
SSS- Gedd.es. 'Montana' J vv.;j,ii<Md. Sactp". ¦¦¦ ¦'
Mrs. F Lei thi.'. Alaska; iDr J ¦ -..W Farrtngtbzi.
T-. GMh^rt^vBerfceJey - -i- Bisbee :¦ \-0 . 77 ; .'
D Schtrab. •• CajJay .-•-. ; |SIrs '-a DiCteabaeher;
M!*s:McClatchy; Sacfo 1 : Lo» Angele*' :. ¦
Mrs:, feradlejv . Sydney {Mrs XV E Gilbert Cal !
A : F/.Do!l, Cal • , lA Scolarl & w, Cal ¦¦¦'¦
J : Gailagfi*fv' Cal: ¦': fpr J WUsoaJr Ca! '."•¦
VVB Nutter, Stockton I Dr J Clark. Gllroy ''
B Fj-^mmer.- S«cto •ir C Hitchcock.- Cal '•'
C : -L- Ortman, StccktonVB M Moorehcauie. Cal'.
n:E-: Wai lacp. Cal ,. IS. Hirst, Vallejo .
IV'.D- Buckley, Stocktn;" J Peoples. Vallejo .
M F.Tarpej'i Alameda T J JTHinn. Sta Rosa -
LS Buckley, Cal |D Campbell. Los An?'
W. C Barrett & w. CaliH Skldmore. ¦ Sta Crua
Mrs G Drake & <J,MexiE:'.R Shurk. Facto •
C MV Finch. St Louis . H Thorp, Sactp .
H K Hall. San Jose J,H. Liggett & s, Orpvl
E Berwick. Monterey G D- Freed, StaCrua:
J B Kelter. Chicago - . ¦• . -¦ . . ¦
HOTELi cAERI¥Ai&;
CIVIL SERVICE IN
THE PHILIPPINES
SyM^m? ;; Satisfactory to^ (the
• ;^^ati#es aBdMpistasteiiij; ;.
to the Army.
Zp, /the ¦Aiitsignmsni vti Pcieltibns; ?ref
;;;:tereiQce'%"Ili J&i :Qiyj»n^tp
;•¦¦?!. •• C. : : A^pilic^rits:. "Wie'reyer^J : " : - : ... " :
¦; ''.-¦ ¦'¦. ''-.?.,': •'. : -'--' \ '^Possiblev-\. \-/ : J. ¦:¦¦¦;: :'..;¦':
. It Is to be noted that school teachers are
exempted from the requirements of :he
Civil Service. :'• . : .
•y The comprehensU-eness of this new ser
vlcefiis set forth, in . section" o, which pro
vides that "this act shall apply, except as
hereinafter, provided, to all appointments
of cfviliaha to- executive positions under:
ia> The military Governor: (b) the Unit
ed States Philippine Commission; Cc) the
Treasurer for the islands: (d) the Auditor
for the islands; (e) the Collector of Cus
toms for the islands; (f) the Collector of
Inland: Revenue for the islands; (g) the
Director of Posts for the islands; (h) the
Civil Service. Board; <l> the Bureau of
Forestry: (j) the Bureau of Mines: (k) the
General Superintendent of Public Instruc
tion; (1) Wardens of Penitentiaries and
Prisons: <m) the Provost Marshal General
of Manila; (n> the Captain of the Port of
Manila. . \ ¦•-•..¦:¦¦ -..'.- •¦ . • : - : '
:;• ConElderable.-.detair'and the framing of.
rules and regvtlatlons for the service, are
left to the Civil Service Board provided
for in. sections ti'&i 3 and .4 "of ;. the act
Much depends- upon the : ability and poo-i
Judercaent pi.this: boaraii the members of
which;/ nil • positions^slmilar to: the Civil
Ser>'ica Commissioners in : the : United
States, and the selections of the Gi\-il
Cornmisslori in' this respect-are to: be "com
mended and give promise^ of a fulfillment
of the high standard set by the act. W.
Leon. Pepperraan.whb has long been con
nected with the Civil Service at home ami
who :.has>:ma.de .'.a- personal • study 'of the
Civil. Services maintained by Great Brl^
tain..France aivd Holland in their Eastern'
colonies, will, be on this bbardi as will be
F. ; W.. Klgglris, . of; tljd Washlngtcih.: Civil
Ser>1c« Commission/: The third; member
thereof will.' probably be a FUlpino.'- Presi
dent: Tait had selected for this post at.
:Joaq;uin..GonzaIes > ..amost:abl« Tnatt.-.'. But
: Jhls gen.tlerna.rtTs. .untiniiely .death/ O.ii th$
i'~ve -pi '¦¦ Wg .appQintiiierir hii? forced Pre&i^
jderit-.Taf t to ilpft another-; native capablj
ot/JBieetlngth©:.' necessary vre^ulrernentti,
Mr. . Kippins, in -vlew : ;of his past exp^rl
tiiceS, •will profeably itct a3 chief exaininer. :
as provided in Jsection. 3. and it is probable
that:Mr.: Pepperman. will : be appointed
chRirman of. the board, ¦ . ; •> : " .' •-...::
i there .wilt -..; doubiles? . Jber- . established
Civil; Service ,co-opera,tfve stores, . whpre
rnernbers ot the service -ma y ¦ tiuy provl-'
elons. groceries and other needha of Hvlngf
to-, '-the Eaane ?.financlajt- advantage ; that
%ftc\y :: Ofiicers now.- buy of ttie, army com
inisii&ty t . and the. course of tirne will prob
abl* .see -. th* constructioix. Of Government
Civil Service- '••¦quarters;.', a .collection or
good, dwelling-houses in some cool suburb
convenient ' to i the city,, tlie ¦. rentals of
w-hich ; would be reasonable. : Such meas
itres will greatly tend to^ make the service
attractive -to- the . class iof men the service
requires,. ?¦:••¦> ¦>. :¦'.}¦¦¦'..': : :..- ¦'•.X; .: •¦• :.;¦:¦¦:
• The .lThportarice Of. art: efficient and hon
est: civil' service to tbiese islands canbard
\y. be :Overe*tirn3teU,vand U this new serv
ice be: good, ana effecUve: its idoinrs will
refiect credit Upon Its Ottaniiers an<t upqn
the Aih erican ad mi nis tratloh o t Phi • i ppme
affairs: . Tq /bring-about this deistrable end
$tPQ<5 rnen: are'needeil,- and It \s :.tte . pur
pose of the oreiaiilztrs of: this bill tor make
the> civil service: Attractiye-endugri to draw
the ; class pif Bien wanted;: '-¦ It is the inten-:
tibn of the.OfgUTiiztrs that'th* Philippine
Glvit Service shall not aeg^nerate into a
fletd wherein ppUtieiaDS may find oppor
tunities to settle/, political oWigatiDua.. The
Bervice w)ir be kept free from the sfjgma
of -political patronage.-. The salaries of
the" several class«s of employes have; not
:}'et:bieejndet«rmlhed. but; these will be well
paid, and^it : will :¦ be- possible for .men en
tering ,: the :low.er : - cterkshlpaOby effleiericy
arid/meritto feyCTitpally: beeoma^ heads of.
b.tire&us Mn& iJ^rrnahent under secretaries
to 11iip<briaht. departments. ;, A' know-led?©
of Spanish yrlU "be iin excelleiic help: to an.
Arflerican,Jn ; tb.!3 service-^ although liie re^
qulrement of thlg knowledge- i§ left to the
discretion of. the Ctvjl ;Seivice Board. ••• • i
'¦ • JrASiliA ,' : Bjepfc 20^Thfi •¦enactment yes
teri$y:by;ihe.civii; Comiiiisslon "pt- "an act:
•fp'r;';th.e...e§tiablishtn^h!fcan.d: Maintenance 61
eh.J.egicleiitaJid hptiest civil service ifj.th.e:
PhHipptheilslarixis^. ias jirepated by Presi
"deit.t:faft,;ija : s : pleased .the^FiHpIiVQr>eople
,'and ?iAs'tended tQ displease: th6.:arrijy- The
Jatj«r:'is an' unioxtajtate.'aria iiijilnte-htfotial
bill are most . cbmpreh^ristve! and complete;
coinprislrifil all.the •'= fexequtiVQ tiraiiches 6t
tne. government M the 'Philifiptne IsVands,
and its..- periisa.l : . tehfia :to : shov? tKat : the
.quaimcail<3n3 oxV'-hone^i ahd-eflielerit." in
the : title are real '¦: intentions vfell carried
?ut and not xnere catchwdrds; Tne bill is
fpundftd upon the principles cf American
Civil service,-, eiirfciu'lly- adapted: to- locat
retjuirernenta. ••.: t'poh recommendation pf
the; Secretary of War It has been decided
that,: other things iVting equal, preference
shall 1 be tjiveriao I Hiipihos for civil em
ployment imitifcr the. Amencao: Philippine
tiovernmerjtj-.SBd iirider the prQVia'ons : of
tills bill fni ¦ * Jripioj*.,'. te.be in American
or a ; iFillpiho, may rise, if he ahow ability
and merit, to a good and well paid posi
tion/.tn the service;-. 'I- :.' "¦'¦'¦-:¦ ¦'!¦ >. ¦¦:' ¦:¦¦ •
THE SA^v KRA5yCI3CO GAHL, THURSDAY; NOVEMBER 1, 19Q0;
13
/,:.. .:; RAILROAD TRAVEL.
CALIFOB^rNOSTHWESTEHN EL CO.
)3 ¦:.-:• LESSEE
SAH FRAHC-ISCO AND NORTH PACIFIC
RAILWAY COMPANY.
Tltmron Ferry, Foot of Market St.
SAN FRANCISCO TO SAN RAFAEL.
WEEK DAYS— 7:J0. »:00. 11:00 a. m. : 12:SS.
8:80. 5:10. «:30 p. m. Thursdays— Extra trip
at 11:19 d. m. Saturdays— Eitra trips at 1:*»
aad 11:M d. ra. -\t
8UNDATS-S:C0. 9:t). 11:00 a, ra.: 1:33. »:33,
5:00. «:» b. m.
SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO.
•WEEK DAYS— 4:10. 7:S0. 9:20. 11:10 a. m. : 11:45.
1:40. 5:15 p. ra. Saturdays— Extra trips at
1:55 and «:I5 n. in.
BUNDAY?-S::3. »:4). U:19 a. rx: 1:43. 1:48,
1:06. (:2S p. m.
Betwc«n San Franslsco and Bcbnctxen Park
aaxna achadnl* aa abcrra.
Lear* I In Effect. I Arrtva
Ban Fraaclacow [Apr. IS. laOQ.j Saa Ftaaelaca.
Week J Son- J 1 8na- I Wee*
Days. I days, f Destination.! days. | Days.
7:19 ara! 1:00 am Norata. 10:40 aai 1 1:40 am
I:W pas l:J0 am Peuluma. 1:05 pra;:9:K aa
6:13 pm! 6:00 p»n Santa Roaa. 7:15 pis «.» pn
Falton. ' * t\- *
1:33 am Windsor. 10:3S am
Realdsbcrf;.
Lyttca.
• OeysenrtHe.
I |:J0 pm l:Wim Cloverdale. T:g pia »:20 pra
f 7:t»am| J HopJand I E55 am,
! 8:10 pm! i:C0am| and Uklaa. | 7:Spm' <:3>pra
7:10 am 118:13 asi
1:00 am Gaemerlllt. 7:13 pm!
l:Mpm ¦ I l.lOgra
T:t0aa 8:00 "ans Sonoma, 1:15 am, 1:40 asi
' and- -•¦
1:19 pm 8:00 pm Glen Elian. 1:36 pm! t:» pm
7:19 ami 1 :0O am! pa:43 am;W:» ata.
6:10 pml SM pm| SebaatopoL | 7:3S pm' «:20 pa
etaxaa coa2«ct at Santa Rcsa far Mark West
Bprtnj-a and Whlt« Ealphuf Springs: at Fulton
for Altrurta: at Lytton tor Lytton Sprint*; at
O«yserrtU« for Skaxss 6prt=*s: at CloTerdal*
tor the Geysers: at Hopland for Duacaa
I Bprlnin. Hlfhland 8prinra. Kels-rrt:i«. Carls-
bad Springs. Soda Bay. Lakeport aad Bartlett
Eprtn»s: at CTclah for Vichy 3prtnrs. Saratora.
Eprlnn. Blue Lakes. Laurel D«ll Lake. Witter
Bprtn«s. Upper Lako. Porno^ Potter Valley,
j John Day*a. RhrenrM*. Llwrley's. Bueknell'a.
Panhedrln Hel«hts, Hulinila, • Orr-s Hot
Bprina-s, Mendoelno City. Fort Braes. West-
port, Usal. WUllts. LaytonTtlle. Cum^staa.
i B»U's Spriao, Harrfa. Olaea's, Dyer, Scctla>
I and Eureka.
Saturday to Monday rouad trip ticket* at
; reduced rates.
On Sunday round trip tickets to ail point*
; beyond San RaCael at half rates.
Ticket efnee*. K0 Market at.. Chron!pJ# bide
M. C. WHITING. R. X. RTAN.
Oeaeral Manager, Gan, Tv*. Asaat,
5ahta Fe
Trains— D ai| y
Leave Markst-street Ferry Depot.
Lrt Saa Franclsco.l »:0O » m^^O p m; 8:09 p m
aA. S?5:ktunr 12:» P m ?:tfpmjU:0» P m
•• Merced t:« P «a 1 M % m
•• Fresno 4:20 p ra ••»* » m
- VlSlta 6:00 pm JifttS
- Tulare «:tt p m 5»J»
- Kanford 6:33 p m i:» J S
•• Bakersfield ... »:50pm T3 ° * °»
•• Decver M5:00 a ra — - — -"-
— Kansas City... 5:1S p ra
" Chicago 1:40 am
t a. m. train Is tn« Overland Kxpress. Corre-
l p K m?'r. 'S2S52. t&t?" Cor^pondln,
a & n fl.M Expr*.^
wlih gleeptns Car* fcr both cities Correapcnd-
De^
gan Frtnclaco: 11H T?ro«dw«T. Oakland. .
RAILROAD TRAVEL.
NORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD.
Via Sausaltto F«rry.
Commenctni September SO, 1S00.
FROM SAN FRANCISCO TO MILL VALLET
AND SAN RAFAEL.
WEEK ' DAYS—* :W. *»:1S, 11:00 a. m.. «1:U
1:15, 4:00. 5:15, •«:15. 8:40 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS— For Milt Valley and Saa
Rafael, on Mondays. Wednesdays and Satur-
days at 9:00 and 11:33 p. ra.
8UNDAYS-»3:00. 'IQ:W., 11M a. m.. »1:15,
1:15. s 4:45.-a:30. S:00 p. m. '
Trains marked (*) run to San Qnestln.
FROM 8AX RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCOt
WBSK DAYS— 5:». 't:JO. 7:45, »:M a. m..
•11:30. 1:45. '3:30. 4:80. 5:M) p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS oa Mondays, Wedaesdajra
and Saturdays at 8:45 and 10:!0 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 6:20. *»W>. *10:00. »11:45 av m,
•1:40. *3: 16. *:*S. *8:S0 p. m.
Trains marked <•) etart from 8an Qnentln.
FROM MILL VALLEY TO SAN FRANCI3CO.
WEEK DATS-6.-45. «:«. 7:65, 9:U a. m.,
12:35. 2:10. 3:30, 4:M. 6:20 p. m.
ETXTRA TRIPS on Mondays, Wedneadaya
and Saturdays at 7:10 and 10:20 p. ra.
SUNDAYS— 8:06. 10:05 a, : m.. 11:05. »:15, 1:30.
6:00, 6:46 p. m.
THROUGH TRAINS
1:65 a. m. week days— Caiadero and way sta-
tions. .'¦-'¦
1:45 p. m. Saturdays — Tomalea and way sta-
tions. ..[-. . ¦¦ ¦ ¦ . .
8:00 a. m. Eosdajra— Tomxlea and vay sta.
ttona
,._.-'_¦ " : BAIXBOAD TRAVEL. : -¦ ; : - ;
•otiTNKK.i rAVtnv (unrijir.
.: ... : ; .(PACirto ttiTtti.) ¦:.-..
Trmlaa l«k«« »uit nre alnr »• nrrlfial
.. ; MM riUXCIKI «».
. :.' . (Main Lln«. Foot »( MarkM Stn«L)
ii»t« — F&oii Ocroaxs I, 1X3. — mini
*7:OOa Benida. .Julian, Elmlra, Vacarlle.
Ramsey and -Saeramento *7i4W*
•7:0« a Shasta Kxprru— Daria. Willlam»<fcr
Bartlett SpriocsX WIUots. Bad
• Bhifl. Portiaud. *?i41*
•7:30a MarUuex,SaalUuioo,Val!t]aKa;a,
Olistoga and Santo Rosa *«il9p
•SiOOa Davis. Woodland. KnlghU Laadiag,
Maxji.ltle. ()ro«l|U. »7H3»
•lli«O* Atlaatte Kxpren— Ogden and Kast •iat43r
•8sOu& Nilei, Tracy, Lathrop, SbXkton •0«I5a
'•iStU Uau Joie, LJierniort, Htucktoii.
'.' " Iooa. baeramMita Plaeerria'!,
I : Murj.tllle. Chieo. lteJ Illnff Mil^r
•aiaOiOakdalt. ChlnfM. Honora. Carten... «4:l3r
•»:O«» Hajwari!». MIr« mid Way "I l>43a
**:«Va Lo« Aogeles Express. — U artluei.
Tra«7. Latlirop. Stockton. Merced
Freiuo and Lot Ang-s!ea *7:I3p
•9:304 VallrJ.i. MarUuez ami ITay Stations *3i43r
•IU:UOi The Ot<tUh<1 Limited— Ogdeo. V>CU-
»rr. Uiu&La. Chic»g • .- ••:*.»»
I *11:O«A Nilt-a, SUMktoo. rtaenmento. Men-
dota, Fresno, Ilanford. VUall*,
PorteMitI* »«il»»
•11:«Oa LlTennora. Saozer. Cwh-n Joao-
tlpn. Baken&eid. Loa Angelaa
•I StOO* Uajwards, Mi*« and Way Statlooi. *2: 1 1»
tliOOr Uaetameuto Itlter Ste»m«a «3iO<»4
•SiOAp Hajwards, Nllrt and Wat 8UU0M. •3i«Sr
MtOOr Martlneit, Sau lUtunu. Vallvjo,
Nap*. r«ll-'"<». Mania llosa *••!•»
: Minor UruicU. Winters. h»ct»m»ola,
Wo.nlU.nl. KnUhU l^udiai.
»1»rj«tlllc. Orotlllo a l*:43a
HiSOpMle), San. luseaud Stockton *7il3* '
••:O»rTh« Owl Limited -Tracr. TretaA.
¦-; . UaltenBeld. .Saugua for baota liar-
bara, Los Aogeles- *I4):IS&
•St«or Stockton •*•«•«
•0 too rife* Orlrant Kzmaa-Hakeiiifleld,
haiita Barbara, Loa Aetelea, l)»ca«
Int. El Pun, ftew Orleaaa aad
Kaat "7i«a
¦«:o*r Barsarda, Nile* and Saa Joss *7:43*
l«i«Or Vnllejo «lt.l3»
•O)0OrOrlaDtal M»il-Oj!-n. Chejenaa.
Omaha. Chicago *lti48r
•«:OOr Oriental Mail— Ogden. Deavar.
Omaba, Chlomo •4«l»r
•»!«•• KU*v Tracy. Latiroo, Stockton.... •l»«l*p
'TiOtrOofoiiuil CallfirrJ* l'i|-ma,Saa-
r«uiei>tfi. MarjullU. lte<l>lfaig.
1'iutlaml. t'nget Hound ami Kast *S>43a
)«ia3i> TalloK Port Ocite and Way Sta-
Uous t>«'— r
COAST DITUCIOa (Sarro'f Uaart).
• (Foot of Murkst SUeei.)
•StiaaN«warit.CentarTllI«,8aaJoa«,r*IIOB.
BaaMer Creek. 8auta Orn* and Way
htait!-ji.>i r... *•¦»••
t«il3r Nevark, CenterTille. Ban Jos*, N»»
Almaileo, Felton, ltonl«I»r Creek,
Cant* Crnx and l'rtucfpal .Way
Stations \ •••••«
; -iilTr Newark, M«nJc«<«. Loa Gatoa *!»i5» 4
I «I I t43r Hunters' Ezeuniov. Sao Joaa and
! y»TEt%tioBs !?:»•>
CREEK ROUTE'FERRY.
fraaSiB rimeiSCO— n*l «f M.r.tt SUK. ts:i» !l—
•7:15 »:00 11.00*. M. 11:03 *3:33 t3:C1
•i:M 15:C3 •«:::r.n.
rriaOilUll— fnit'.ttuiwj.— "t.CO 8.-00 10:OO*.n.
t»:C3 *1:C3 t3:S3 '3:33 |I:C3 »8:C3r.M.
COAST IMTISION (Bread (•'aagej.
.___^_V (ThlrJ at «• Townxixi Sta.)
i 4*iI«a Ocean View, fiootb San Frandseo.. T*'ff
I nnOi Haii Jom ami "Vay SUUuns (N«w
I Altnadar Weiiuetdais only) •liS*y
•••••a Han Jo.*. Trea I'Jnoa. Hanta Cms,
FadOe Oroie. 1'im Hoblaa. Baa
I.ult OUispo, Surf, Loaipoo aad
Prlnetpal Way Stations *4il»f
•I*i«*a Bap Jot? au.l Way StaUoua ••i31a
•11:30* i»n Jui«»nJ Wa-SUtioua *Sia«T
t«i43r Baa Mat-o, Itedwood. Menlo Park,
Palo Alto, feanta Clara, San Jtm%
Tres Plsoa, Santa Cntt, Sailnaa.
Uaatereyand Tadfie Grovs tlOi»0i
fliSVpfaa Joaeaud Way tttattot *7tSOp
T-filSr SauJosaand Principal Way Station* *9U3*
f3sOOr San- Joae, Los Gatoa and Principal
Way Stations 1»:OA*~
*3s30r San Jow and Principal Way Stations *ft:3.ia
•«i3«r Sao Joseaud Way Stations |>ian«
«ll:45r San Jowaml War Stations »7i3u»-
A for Morning : P for Afternoon.
•Daily. » t Bandar axeeptad. 1 i«jnd»f only.
ai»t'4rdti csly.
MOUNT TAMALPAIS RAILWAY
Leaves San Francisco, via Eansallto Ferry:
WEEK DAYS... .9:15 a. ra.; I:i5 and 4:00 p. m.
SUNDAYS 8:00, 10:00. 11:30 and 1:15 jk. m.
Fare, Ean Francisco to Sammlt rnd Return.
11:40.
NEW TAVERN OF TAMALPAIS HOW OPEN.
Ticket offices, (21 Market it.,- Sausaltto Ferry-
OIL LAVDS OR SALE. .:,':/
S5v5 c'.l lar.-a -. . Kera Rlrer: -field
fcr ta.e; no:, stock . potion; no- wildcat
ggPyj'J^ 1 * ** Pg» t Tilery Ja. the.. : larse>-t
ai.d b«t known. ."- A : ,a California. > Xi you
want to torn M.-?<x#ninitY btiy rood land, on
?*-SSS££ ll J? railmad: NEWTON. -CARMAN'
. & SOMES, • -s,. c. MASON,' acent. 11 JMont-
S-rr.Ty tt; . - ¦¦:; ..--.;'-.¦; .'¦•.. .'.'r-'.-j ': - : '.=iC.i '<'/:.;. '*¦'
.;' .;i»ALSiisTRy;- ; : ; ".v;Ai:. 'Hi
ir- JEROME. FO?5ELLl~BcienVifio paJm^t./ 613 :
¦ Tay'.cr tt..-.bet. O>&Tya?'d P£trt; te&3lai&.6q.;
WMCNEEtlGfAARP; 7» Post; 'tell- Hy4« Jnj;,
h u-r ; ; o .-, fy,., »na S--jn/j>ty /by ap'pointm.eat,<
' vP Al E!S1 S )ANI> : PKNSIQNSy:;-^ -^
AD\1CE ' tttizC ti?» c'harse ' .- : .cnl»s8 " «acc>«jfvl.
r,rr\. P. Ca.MPB£LU. Lawyer.. -Examtn^r big.
V PERSO.VALS; \'\.^v:-[ ¦'¦-'¦ '*:'¦
V.' ANTED-^-Infonnattenlcoheernlhr- C." A*- AN- :
. DERSON. deceased ; dj^d May IS, 1300; i'wiu ' A-
'.retive^of -L^rnlholmeni--.^.wedeti;-. and. si»co^d
crflc^r -of *. coiatier. ; Adawfi-f-boic 27JJ.-' CalE '.•-'.
ilATTRKPfES' AND PlLLOtVS-|-T*L gimtS T3*
. ir.ade xo crder; Tenoyated; fccse>t work'
ar.teed: fe^tfee^ -and;. "hair; :cl*as»ed-' : utihol-
. «cr*d cl-cahing: a specialty^ fine lo-
¦ HCrf-KE EROS:. £18 and j go Urn at.
T.AG carpet* *rcve- to crder.-a-nd'.-'-for "kaIe i: -'alV»
¦ chfr.i:ie-wove rug?.. s-Vlk.pcrtteres;-. :fie*ler -In'
'.; carr-et -twin*;' In h auk '-'cr ...chain.' at -lowest
rat>s. GEO. MATTHEWS. ?gi Fifth. Oaklaad.
RJEST'SF n-VfS?" te'-'every ::Tpt>m--Winehester-
.. Hotel. .«. Ttlrd at., xear ilarket: : :70a,rocEs;
to $1 to. per night; fj » ¦ to : :u« per week;
- .r»e b-us and baggage -to -sad ironxtfce ferry.-'
«."CNSTIPATIQN— Positive cure -by -caeasa of
the Di^tor crSlarvetoua Blooacirculatir: 110
cruga or medicine. «82 Geary;: coasujt free.
BORROW 0= siaaov furcUur*. : d'.aaond«.
pai=;.r.g»: secrecy. Uccle Harris. .13 Grant av.
t R. LAMOTTE'S French Corn Paipt. the best
gcrr-. cure; tic, all drugrUts. ¦( .;¦ o--:,' -^ :
LEDEREHS Fcaiao SHAMPOO, fc 'pki: can't
ea m-l->hout it; haardresslrg. 15c. 1TJ Stockton:
f-PECIAL aa> switches: Monday ar.d Tuesday
cr.ly. J3 twitches rcr »I: the latest fcaJr «t>>s
enly Zx. O. LEDEnER.13 Swcktcn }t.
UilE. ADA. wonderful gifted healer, 11^4 Mar-
ket, r. S. 4, cures tplnal trouble, ' -rh*usjatlta;-
bl'.ngres*. paralysia and all nervous disease*.
HTGKNIC medicine: mcxile ar.i chronic lr.-
»-aliils cured m4 uiifkt how to keep weili
PR- J. HERBERT P.EEYE. ' «H Kearry tt.
FUITS to crier en iBStflBnata: Hi upward; II
a »etk. LEON LEMOS, 1117 Market «.; be-
twe>n Sevgatfaitd Eighth. : . :. A:-
PRIVATE detective work; re-a«onab:e rates; IB
years' eipcrlesce. J. B. RAT. K7 Jesf.e st.
LEDERER'S Q-jintcr'.ca ha'.r tcnic at Lisa
L' j rug Co.. Market and Stockton, .jic hot. .:
BUY rOOT <^>«i c* LANGE & GOFF, ¦oeniliSBrs
to TV. H. Wiseman. 1711 Sacto,: tel. gutter SJ76.
ELECTP.OLTS1S ' tfestrcrs 'Buperflucus- hair.
raolea: trial free. MISS EATON. 1113 jutter-
BV1TS to crier on easy payments. Art TnSlctr-
ir.g Co.. 1644 Mkt.. under Et. NIcaotas -Hotel.
OLD geld, silver, diamonds and precious stones
boajbt. J. P.. JENKEL, 617 Market st.
ALFREDl'M? EoTtian H^nr^a; restore* gray
l.air 10 lr« natural vilcr; tl: at all drugfl't*.
PHVS1C1AAS A\D SURGEONS. :
DR. C. C. ODONNELL— Office and Wsldence.
'/an Market et.. between Sixth and Serenth-
PnOPERTV ."WASTED, ; "
WANTZD— Lo2si2g-hou>t for cash or ex-
Chacge. fruit anl grain fara, wtth cr wlth-
?--:rr.e r.«ar b«y. Arrl}' A. L. 'SN'ILLET. roctn
tt, <-;s Market rt, £, F. ; ofSce hours S to ».
REAL ESTATG— CITY— FOR SALE.
G K. ITMBSEN * CO..
14 ilOXTGOMERT STREET. : '; ' : ¦
AU CT IO Nt ' ¦- :¦¦:. -"
. au ct ion! ":..--:.!¦; -•'•¦ .:.-- : -
At CTIOK!.-:..' ..,-.;:
: ' - AUCTION! ¦'-. ¦ -. : -. :" '.' ' .- " -¦-¦.'.,.
:.'¦ • ACCTIOS! .: : .'. : '. '.
A V C T I O N! «-•••; .
A*, cur Ealeerocm, Mcnday, Novesaber 6» 1>00, at
li O'clsck Noon.
CEOICE BUSINESS COR>"ER, 1': '--'¦¦'¦
__ Partition Eal*. ¦:"¦..• : .:-':'-'~' . ¦
Ntr. cer. Jackson and Dronua sts.t teprove-
irecta coaut ot < etores aad Iodying-h»u«e
ren-.ei to cr.e tenant; Il» per month; lot «0x60.
EATES-ST. BUSINESS PROPERTY.
A42^Ei8trater*B Eale. ¦' . -'. '¦¦¦ ¦¦-'¦¦
4TI as* 453 Hayes st., r.ear OctaMa; fiat cf S
rocc» ar.d fceti. ccal yard *nd stable: rents fSJ
per mcrth; let KxlTO to rtir street; subject to
coninr.aT.ian by the Superior Court-- .-. . -.
ADMINISTRATOR'S BALE. . .
An cnd:vJJed half lrterest In the follawtog 3
j-rc;-erU*s. eufcject to cccfirmatlon by the court:
>-O. 1. . :¦-. ... ,-V :.-' '
541. C4J and MI HalrM rt.. P. Kne. Bear F1I1-
ircre »t. : I t-etory bay-'window scss«s vt 1
rccrr-s and bath each: rents 175 per Booth; ce-
Tr^r.t walks; street accepted;: lot SCxl24 to rear
«tr*»t. : - .. - •• -.-¦: :¦-..- •¦¦:.-. ,-.— -.-¦¦.., -
: : JCO'4. •¦' ¦'¦:-.:':¦- "¦'¦'"' "¦¦¦ ' "- ¦-
Market rt.. -6. lise, bet. ICoe and Castro sti.;
this chol!r« let is well situated aod raplily be-
cmiT.f esc ice b^tlneea property; lot 12:10x121.
Irregular. ' ¦ -' ; •::-;.:•¦-;¦•:¦:¦ ;-¦ '¦¦•¦'• ¦ ¦ , -. " . '. •
PACDnC HEIGHTS RESIDENCE.' . ;¦ :
SU3 Gr»*n et.. S. line, cear . FIHmcr* rt.;
rhcice aciera resldeiice . of 14 toobi acd 1
V.a.tS:s; ccmn^aadtmr a marine view; let SS:3x
DOWNTOWTJ- ncVESTMENT;".'- • .'•¦ . . '
K. 54 ar.3 it Mary st.. near tth and Mtesien
r.t. ; 3 two-sicry houses of Crocros each; al-
tars r*=--e<I; renta $42 t>eF month: with llttl*
evitlay these renta could be canelSerably isi-
rrmed; lot 4 #l r7C:3. ":• . ¦ •-•.:•.¦'.-• -••..¦¦-:
ERYANT-ST. ' IKVESTMEST; ¦ ' .
ESS axd £2;v» Bryant et.. N. line, near Sd at.;
" f.a's cf 5 roorrs end bath, each: rents srs p<?r
rr.ccth; street acc*pt»d: lot surveyed and title
ruarar.teed by the California Title s::d Insur-
ance Cc.;'!-)t ¦> - - •¦'-.¦¦ ¦- . . ¦;'¦-
I EOUTHSIDE INVESTMENT. ¦:
5J iforrts -ave.. b*t. Karriscn and Bryant. 6th
nr.A *th *ts. : improvements consist of S Cats of
4 rc-ms *ach; r»r.ts 117 p«r month: c#ment »ld»-
frf-r accepted; barJc mortgage of HS4
it € n»r cent rar. rprr.ain. • . '• ; :_¦
CHOICE BUSINESS PROPERTT:
iStS avKd 2Sf7 Sevente«ath et.. near Junction cf
?-farket and Castro at*.: this desirable business
property cciiFlets of store and rear cottage;
ftre«t aocer-ted by the rity: lot 50xl"». '
CHOICE MARKET-ST. LOT. . '
Markot ft.. N. ISr-e. near Church St.; lot 2Ex
S2t, Irreg-Jier; street bitumlsized and accepted
by th# city. •:¦: . -.: ¦--•. , . ,- .¦ . . _ - ¦. -
Fcr further particulars arppty at our offle*.
G. H. UMBSEN k CO..
.--..:,. 1< Montgomery. at. . ¦-
HEADQUARTERS FOR PARK LOTS!: :/ .
CPEAT BARGAINS! "~ : :.
CHOICEST LOCATIONS!
*<">0 to t%y>— Graced Sunset lots; *10 xnotitWy.
SXW to f%0>-Lo«.Ninete«otn.atre.,b<«!»v'ard;
J6» to : »*M>— -Cfcolcert . Rlcbciond'lota; rj.0
CCElhly^;- . ¦'..:¦¦ ; -. •'¦ -¦ : .- : ;-' :-. ; '¦-.:'¦
ITS to $309— Ocean twulerard lota; J5 jaoatUy.
t:» to IS*— Level Mission lots, near cart ; J3
dccttly. . . ¦¦ -¦..'".: ;':--. :: ;; '.- ' -j :'¦'.:-:¦;:'";¦;¦;/-
J75 to H»-Get« Afiiitlon, near ."E«3 Uateo
cara; II weekly. • ¦ : .. -¦;¦. : ¦'-. :< ¦-¦¦;;;.
t5» to I106O— Few cottage*: lnstallmenu Ui»
rtnt. .-. x>. . '"¦ :'-.- : '¦' :f.: ':>;-:'' -::'. U: ;'. ..;-. :
Erasth «fJSee Nifl».h ave. and H st. Snnset.
Opes *»ery day and Easiay.. Cail for mapa
and Ciacnuna. : ¦ ¦¦ .-.¦:.... •_¦ . -_. : . •: ¦:;' '.-.v--..-- -:
EOL GETZ A BROTHER,
ROOM e-i. CHRONICLE! BLDO.
LAST chanc*; the cne wh» makes the tipriest
blfl gpt* the property *n : Saturday. . What
ar» tr.o«A J choice lots worth to ysy? 6ub--
mit j-wr t-id; the cream of Richmend.: lots';
vm ei-le at Sixth are.. b*t ween rCl^roeht st.
and Point L.-Jbo« ave.: cars pier <n front; ad
rra^y to build or. I can get |1X* on the lota
at « r*rc«"jiT; flat loan cr instajfment*. TV. J.
GUNN. $&>. Callforsia at:, between ilphfKPRi-
tj" rr<i K*s>my. / ;-: : -- : "-¦ "'¦ '•¦ '¦¦:¦'¦ •¦-. •'. ¦-•--
A VERY desirable corner In RJcbmondi tuit-
afc> for busir-cM cr for charch focsety; eouth-
ea»t UBUO cf O«n«nt>t- and Eleventh ave.;
frcr.ticg Wi f**t en Funny *td> of -.ElM-er.th
ave by 43 fe*t en Clenient tt. ; all -.«tr»«x work
done- <".ar» pas» *-v-ery few - minutes; prtce
r^-<aced to *1709; It Is Just the.spct to establish
a trlwlcn »ocl«y, as there. are hun-
-•-e<!« cf famlliea 11%-ing In the lmrnediate
%-rtrAry. TV. J. GtTNN. EM CaJlfornU, Jifc,
tftwa >t?ntcogi»rT and Kearny. : r ? . ' :•
IF you have well-located property Jn the' Mls-
*ics. either vacant lota or nice residence, and
vou really war.t to a#n. then call on the nnder-
«-lgoed. W. J.- GJ-'NN. S»> Calttprnta st. .,:
HAVE you prrperty fn the Potrero or Excelsior
Horrertead Tract that you want to sell? Then
call on W. J. GUNN, £8» California et.
HOt*EE~ and : let: modern Improved j hoase for
**1* ffir -c»»h or easy terma. ¦".¦ Tt ' Cot«er et.;
I nglefia* <^«r. .-'¦ ¦ -J ..' ¦ ... '' ':'¦'¦
MODERN houses built; lowest prices: plans and
estimates iarr.jghed. Ca»pb»H. 1147 Ml^Icn.
HEAL ESTATE! CCl.>TUV For Sale
FOR*Bai* or erch.ar.re fcr flty prcperty; 5 acre*
first-class land, with improvements, near
MountaJn View.;-. Banta Ciara County, Cal.
Irwjtilr«r cf B. E. Burns. Mountain View. CaL
UCAL KSTAIK Ho I2XCU.V.NUIS.
M. ORIFFIN. T:S Market St.. room 1— Handreda
cf farms an<I city i>rop»Tty for exchange or
sal#. Fell :»«i«icularg. call at my of Sec.
NEW rcttare. « rira.. bath: lot oCx'.OO; M!s?loa;
rental tensa: and vacant lou. ill Kearny et.
¦.,u : .: : :-':iiEAjL > -;;Es i rATE-' TVAjment '.•: .'• t'-^\
A SMA-LtlU!' £arm;;-'near." : -towa;--no:.asreat.s. ¦iBox;
: ;£S:i,...Cail ; ;c*j8<e.' ; ':.;^.; ; :; : -'\'' : : ".; ¦¦• r .|-: : :' : %- : -- '.";' ;.-•'-' ¦'
I ALAMCDA ItEAL ESTATB. I ¦
COTTAG^.for isale— Hjju-«e.-fi>.r : '6. : roorts, : bai:a ¦:
•-¦ar.iS -ta.s»rnetit.'.lCT -tini? -brder;- -'jni'lt-'.iaiM-- shs.de,
: :':tre*i-i lot ¦'***%$ : ' jfe'akjf 'an. .crt*r -v tW cash; 1 |Ja
4ft?r focotfr.f ¦}.: Hi : tO^FXG^ -.;|:if rPaflti.«jL:.^ ¦-,¦ \ <
' tiZKhr AUCTION'': -\prlice'.- -'fineit' £nod«XfcL . ;^rceai :¦':
trGXifut;*' lh ; AliTn-wia: --perfect -'piuhil)tn*;. : -ttn«V
. 'clccatien; 2 blocks. Xrojn-etallcn' * hi^h school;/;
' ••..¦Wr:-fem«';-;A..-.0; : --Btttns, 1501 'Park. -Alameda.; ¦'-,
¦^.' ;/]BE|UCELfeV,-REAp :: :E$TA}Tfe%^
" -Oniy . SISO95 :-a : flne" piece of property. 1 , freatln*
:.-:on'I : 6rreets;-el:f "C-xCT.":. .?u*t;one block frpin..
-¦-Bew.*chb.pJ. fefeuse site mftd "Ju«t -thV'&l»c« .ti.
;;; -.:'.¦ -./±s-. ? ;mason: *-McLxxATjiENv ¦¦::¦¦:
'':'¦ ¦¦'¦ V?r::-:' :¦:¦-— ¦ .-A'gjblhlcc ¦¦Y.-'-O..: .Berfc«le.y.:"v.
:-i It"
2J^JJANn?6>!E ¦ furr.ishtd' .':*-r-<iorn j ¦¦•cottar*:
AV sta bl«> Bf rk'eley:.-. C HP-V D E RSOX SM Mont- •
<¦. :gom*ty ..st^ ¦-•-... ¦-.".-:¦¦. ••¦:•:=•:•• ' ::¦ ¦¦¦'.-. ;:¦¦ '";¦ -'
lKLANO: ; l|ili|iP
ftp SF ?I CE-^1 11 8; B RO A P>V A Y. - K \
OAKLAXD REAL ESTATB. '"..¦'/ '•./'
fl'-O CASH. IS l3 : . m<intftlyi new S-rooiri : cottage:
: 7-foot basemetrt: -fine large lot: 254 feet ! lieep;.;
,r.iw*eei aUtcldi:J5iO.-: : • •- ; :v-v;c.',- ; /: : . '
r- 17 10 cash. H 50 monthly;. %. atre ..excellent
"Janil.for- ; J150v ¦¦:¦¦¦¦ ¦'¦ :--.¦:-¦ .-, :-,:-.-/::V:V r*i..
r ' Jl» cash. t6 50: monthly;, %'acrt AJ- land; J2S5.
' :J22 V) ca?h. J3 XEcnti'y; ?» aei-e suv«f.b: land'
Vfor i**0. :'-:';.">-:--:'>r'.'.-.-'- '-.- •.=."..:; ¦•¦"¦.•¦¦•.'/"•. . ' : V-S- ¦¦•-..:
It5 ..caEhj SU:Tncatfc:y; 1 acre • <mrire caa ¦ b«.
: : had> -f.03r.J47S, '¦¦¦'¦' •..-.¦:- "- ' ¦ ¦' . : '.•.••.;:-;r..--.;.;.". '¦-.;,
adjclnlrif; Eui -'Oautsit: 'pBaj«tti''
«oll and ri©w the very best: away frctn f<5ga
. a;<l raw winds; near electric car. line and tvia*
: bcAilevar4. Call ct send, for circular. -4t5.Serecth
«.. Oakland: cirris.se Tree. . ; . • ¦' -. ..:¦•-}¦': :.-»>¦
¦ ¦¦¦> .-; V-r^v ;,. .'.;¦ :¦ ..H. Z. .JONES, ¦¦pyncr.'-
FOR sa!e 'n Gaklar.d— Nine-rftom-niodernvhbuse,-:
: built ftt boir-e by day's work; ict 63xlJ2;J
.blocks frefn local sta-tiea; best residence neitrh,
twrhood; for ealc to cicse estate . aX It7K): leas
.than heuse cost. IIERON & HT5X/XJMB. 1 1C6J
'¦Kroad^ay, - : .: : -.v-'. :'•¦¦ -'¦."¦¦''..: : ::¦; "-:' ¦ ¦" '. ¦'.'¦
' ; OAKLAND HOUSES; TO LET« ; ;
G<^or> hewsea. Get list rro-m GEQ. KAl-'S-'
TIN fc-CO...'lW8- Broadway. .Oakland/- ¦ .- . -
OAKLAXD FURNiTrUSS JFOR :SAIJG»
AX tmr<>^uctlsa to ycu frcin R, SchelHittai. thft
".¦furnltare dealer, Ilth; and Franklin.: Qaklan<3, :
1 *"^^**~" ' ¦ - . . -. *' ¦
[ . ¦• • , : 0AKLA.ND OFFICES ; I^ET. • ;
! FOR JIENT— Exceptl!>na.:iy wfill'socated around"
: - floor prlvat* offices for rent; Apply at . 4;0
i '.--. ¦ Thirteenth st.. between Brdadway aad TTaih-
I: : ir.gt.r>n r Oaklan-d. :: •'.=¦' - . V :'¦' -'•' '¦-••:'.-;¦ -
I '•.-;: ROOMS FOR HOt-'SE KEEPING.
i CLEMENtTnA. ~i>lf eft Fourth : St.— Complete
f '^ouerkerntnf racms;. private. '-. '¦¦ ¦'.'¦; '•'¦'; -; ¦ '¦¦/ ;•»
I J7— 'THP.EE eUr.r.y bpoitkwcinft 1 . rooms; ¦ nlc«
i -.. cork, str.ve- no children. 3>2 Dolores «t.. tiear
I ;--gl»t*er-th. ¦ --..-¦ .-¦ ¦ ; ; '¦¦[';¦:¦¦;'[;'¦ '.¦¦¦'¦¦."''.'¦'''¦¦'-.. .-¦'
, FOLSOM. . CJ— Furnished and . un-fu-mished
; -.;. roo=i«:-:laT«;e groun-ls: near Palace.. ; : '¦• ' .-..
HARRISON, 731— 3 ' rgorr.s, furnished' complete
\ for hDusekeepin?; large yirdrSU;: first floor. .•
HOWARD, 15€3'-» — Nicely rursished sunny treat
. ¦; 'bay-'windcw- room;. al«> ytcers. --¦':¦•¦:; ;..' -."-.;.•
HOWARD. illS— 2 nlce : • nouseksf'slar ¦'." rooms.-
i furnished. "W:- also. 1 hoatek»ep1ng .rocm,. *o..
HIDE, 45S—^Eunny ! front alcove ruite. ' boiffp^ete.
: fcr housekeeping, tip; ': also ether suite. :»7.
r»-y: av«.; : .SI,-' near Franklln-r3,' ..furiifehed
; Buasy frost rooms fcr houatkeeplsg; rest tla.
LARKIN. SSV^-S irunny back raonis,- -furnished
for tioueekegplng; yard; tU-V'-'.-'- : .¦'¦¦¦' '--..':•¦.' ;j'
illNNA* S73. near Seventh— Larg-e back, parlor
. and kltchea;yar<l;..coniplete for housekeepings
2 LARGE roonis. bedroom and kitchen.. '.fcr-
: tlshed .coar!«t« for h-ausekeeptns;. Apply at
EM Mission st. <Bbo» store>. bet. 1st and M sis.
QXK, 125— 2 newly furnished ranny p wiekeep-.'
:.. lai.wcafi'tu. bath; |li; alsa twa others, $13.
OCTaVIa. :i"t : corner . Gearv-Uire- ¦ sunny
fumlsh^J bay-window; taaatel;; . «•»•; Jlrht
fcouaekeejsiDj; :tt\ -.;¦' : ¦'.¦•'¦ .¦'¦¦}\'- ' V.' .-'; '¦.':.¦;. ¦'¦ '-?\
POINT LOBOS -ave.,- ' lUy-%: furnished |
rooms; housekeeping; 110; nqr children. . ;.- y-_. j
EH1PLET. SSI. near EltthM^ompletev. houses '
kf-^rlr.e roetne, double or sinele; priv. : Cb»ap. :
SOUTH " PARK, ¦ 1S4— Three *OTny- f r.pitt rooint
: cicely furalstea; coavenlent f.or,hous-»kee.plng.
THRES : f-urnisbed rooms f or \ housekeeping . la
prtvate family. Call 33t Sixth-' at. , -:¦ ¦¦-., ¦;¦ -., ;
TURK. CIJ— I roorai fum!she-i: for Ii'6uaekeep4
-; -ing.'.-ta. Call aftw: 6 p.m.v.;.. ' ¦ ¦¦¦: ;:.;-;'- ¦:'
VriLLOW.ave.. 15. o3 Larkln. near &jay^-J12;
2 rooms furnished, for hskp^,; noicbllaren. ..¦ -
A BRANCH office for Call adTertlseineats and.
.' cubscriptlons '¦ haa been: ettabilthed at : '. 105!
• Valencia :»U '¦;/ /;. ..::¦';¦¦' '¦:•--¦'.¦,--"'.'."•'¦'''; -.-'.
CLASSIFIED advertisetneats «n4 >ubscrlptl'3!r,s
; rgcetved at Call branch effle*. 2?0ft Fillmore St.-
ROOMS TO LET— Fnrn; and t'aforn.
A— BRUNSWICK^Bouse/ 14S^"ISth—^RootSs^Ho
: to II per might; $1 23 to IS per week, and.ltght
housekeeping; --cpea.: all.pifht. ';;. •; -. ¦'-.¦, .!.',-...- -.
BUBNETT, 1418 Market (old No. lS6*)-Fur-
nUhed nr.a, ¦ iu:tgt. single; also cnfnrnlshed.
BUSH.-.W) (The' EIk>— Changed hands; newly
renovated, nicely furn. Bunny rms., Jl 50 to tl
¦a-eek: 25c to iy 50. night. MRS- P. RANFT. V-
CASTRO, tli-^J uniurnlihed rooms;'. modern;
¦'¦ rent; %i. :¦:'.- - ;¦:•;-'¦:;:'.' '";.; i "y ¦-¦¦'¦.: <'¦ '.
CLARA. 1S$— T*9 furnished rooms. $«; also; : 3
' ¦ linfumithed roams; • -. . ¦ ¦...""¦¦- .-.". : : : .. .. ¦ :. ; . .'¦'
CLIFFORD. . 2CH Ellis, cot.' - Mason-ICandsomely
furnished EuhBy.roomg; prices reasonable. ¦"
EI'DT. 12$A^-Sutte 'of. rooms; - runny; nicely
. - f urcif hed ; - reasocable.- ; " : ' ¦' - ' '.- "\ ¦ ' --••..'-¦;•¦¦. :;-..-
FOLSOM. . M3. cor. ¦¦ €th /The : |WWttJr*r««-.«or5
r.ighed ruanynr.s..- single or suites; reasonable.
GEARY. S*4^rSar5ny..'. front : -room and Vi&thcr
roon:>. tl M and tt 50 per- week.; :,\ .'¦ *.;-;¦ .'V
GEART, 4 r .$ (The Navarre)— Elegantly furnishe4
naa; *u:trt.or.tlr.rte: traveiers aipcommodate<i'.
GEART, lUT-^Sunny E«wly furnished: en. suite,'.'
' tingle; hot, cold water; phone ;..*team beaters. :
GRAND EOUTHERN, eoutheast corner Seventh
; and -Mission era.— Sunny >oonj*,' ' en - tuite ; : or :
•': single; ladles' parlOT; reading-room; elevator;
LAS PALMAS. H20 Market st--^Sulte of? or a
; . nssa.; private; bath;, etn-:.rmi.^ board. eptlonaL.
LINDEN ave.i'318, nearQoiughTTOne larje fur- ¦.
nlshed room; also email oner reasonable, • ¦' ¦
MINNA, 657. ..'corner '•¦ . 'Eighth^New •¦ furniehed
bay-window ¦ rooin,^!!. per' week: : transient. .
MISSION%:«a;.-i: block' from .Cal.l-rFln«. double- '
rooms; permanent ) and . translerrt.:-. -.'¦ .•'.;-":-•': : ' .
NEW ARLINGTON,. 1015 Market ''-'at.— Nicely--
furnlBBed, roogis. it a week -up-; gea day -up.
O'FarRELL, : 2*— Sunny furnished' roonvs and
: offices ; elevator; electric lights ; day, wk. . mo:
P.OSEDALE Heuse, ?1» and iH Elil* st.— Rooms,
right SSc to II.: week tl 55:.tp'.- U; open night:
ROTAL House., l'SEJlts st.— Incandescent light;-
readicg-rbcm,. emofclng-rocm and ladies' 1 par-;-,
*.. Iot; rderr.», i>«r night, 35c to U t0;. weei.-'- tl %o '
B; ntfl8& JS xij 130: elevator on. grounfd. floor;
rp*Tne-.with hot' and <»>ld'yater;'.baitt»8; •'...•.¦.
¦ -SHERMAN ApBrtment Hcwse... ¦«: Eighth "Bt.,
pear: M*rkft— Furalshed or .unfnnilshed: " "
: S"IXTH r 13e-^&uiie cf furnished' rooms.\sul table ¦'
for bu?i.r*?y; alsor «xnall roorn. ¦ . '. •"..= .'¦ •' '.
SUTTER. '¦: 549— NJceljr furnished .1 rent room;
¦ gultab>.T6f one : ' cf two pehtlemen;:- ptivate.
: TtTRK, liS-r-1 furnished room; with closet and
r.. running watfr;'«ultable for lor 2 gentlemen.
¦ TURK. sa>— N^at, eur.r.y room; bath andg.aa;.
private family.- '. ' . ¦:. .'¦}-¦:¦'. ''';•¦¦¦'.'¦¦'¦ ¦¦¦='.-' ¦¦ . '-
TUBK/-64J— Nice single ' room for gectlfman.:
;|IK per.reoath.- ¦}¦¦ .-. -. .y-."./: ¦. ¦.¦.'-.•' : -' • . :•
TXTRK. 1305*?— Unfurnished f root . suite, .-"' ..'.-'
A BRANCH ofSee for Call advertisements and
eub?crtptlQn5 has ': been : established at 1096
Va.ler.cla' at .'..;.) ' ¦'¦ ¦ '. " ' ' -...'.¦ - : |
CHEAPEST and best Jn America— The Weekly j
¦ Call. IS pares, sent to any address In th«
United States r>r Canada one year : for <!.'
i ROOMS A\D nOARD.: ;
I'.OARD and rooms 'at 41$ First St.. near Ilar-
riacn. . : ¦¦.'-. - -. , : ;: . .' ;- . - ;
F1R?T-CLASS modern family hotel; very sunny
rooms; fine table. l$fH California st.
8EWIXG MACHIXES AND SUPPLIES.
ALL kinds beusht. *old. rented, exchanged; re-
pairing lowest rates: open even. 105 Fourth.
BOUGHT, sold, rented, repaired: needles and
scuttles: reduced rates. 143 6tb; phone Mint 43. <
ALL kinds bought, sold and repairing guaran-
teed. Ctarlea Piambeck, U1S Mission, nr. Utb,
" ¦ - - .:
. ;¦ -,..-.- •:•.:.: - -, .*¦:.:. . . - •." .....-¦ ...•¦¦ ¦-• -r
;;•'¦ }.}' :y, : -.:SPEClAX. NOT1CEII.;:; ?:'/:'< -'
LAWESr^ciicnestgrt Engllsh'Pefinyroij-al Fllla
: art : : -the' 'best ; .safe..: reliable; • take no ether^
.'sjsBd -4c' stampa for:' particulars ;-:'!Rell*t.:' lor. '¦
.-¦Ladles'! -in:: letter- l>y return: .-malTiiat dr^e-.-- .
.Y."'^stsi..-.-.CWlc^gst«r ; -Cl>gmlcal-"Co;.:-Fi>tta4«l.; jPa.*:
kGOM6Vpip*red/;irprn:i2:M; oWhitened.vil^iup; '
" painting, doneyBartrnan iRalpt Cp.^. 319 'Third:.-
BAI> -tenints ejected: for' jf- ebl'.ectipns- made;-
.city or cputntry. PACIFIC COLLEeTC-IO^ GO:-i
: .<1$- jJoptpomfry. Bt-v ro<?ros : 9>10:-t>l.: g5?9i •;/¦ ¦'.
f'- ".iSTpRAGE. ;:A\D: Xtii REHOtJSI&S^y ¦[
nEklN.S : .\'an'a'na Stbrajre. :; eol'.-: 725^ Mission at: .
.;.; tri. :^aJo lS^ay :'tyit>p'lcg;iaf;cat. races^' ;..:¦-::".
¦WJ tSON7^R<jS : !,'^c ragman* 'mpyinkirt?vered ¦
y/.vaiij:. • "Tenth aha. >feketr*p.h^fte : So.ut.h: 7^.,:- :'
¦PACIFIG'St'ora^*. and. ¦Purniture- >Io> : ibg-. Con>- :
:; : p«n>%:: 2?g):Fij.tgior ; e gt.«- ph'oa'e; Ja<ik's.o.-a- TtV' '
BOCOHT apd.*o(d: new and second': hied: larg*-
: ¦ .d.(strtny.c,:Ygr-r-'-jehe'a'p. SS7. Martttt.- zi>62n;.Z& ./.
: .¦;.T;vpE^yRl^rfeHs"•'¦ i A^I> sCPi'LiEis.^y'
O|^^T;-g^qAl^r^%TXyJaW^TgBi^W»^
'.rell better niachines f6r ; less'nion.ey". thari-.anj 1 .
'.'fcousa. id tlieclti-:'rientais.-.$J. ; " The fyp*y.- tiiir
••' i.Eichane*. oSS Gallfoi-n.la';.:te!€ChaneMatij'.?eS.»
ALVAyS ' bargains ' fn^ : '.typeVriter*i : iaDyVni'sike.-
Write ; fcr rrt«» to : :L. i : M;' ALEXA?> BEit,
¦:i'to... Mphtggme-t i y"«t^:.'.../.-/'. : '--v^ ¦•¦:.-''¦•-. !.¦¦'.' *_ v-.; : . ;-
•':¦ 'P^OPAR^ERSjai : p;:'- ; 'X6TICE», "~V ¦¦'¦'
TJlSSOLtmoS' : ot- <Qpann«rpliip^-t tie: ; "&$*>£*
nersfilji . h^retofoYe exisUft?' fce.tM:eeai° '¦ .the = tin 1 "'.
• <3-rs.!gncd. PIERRE SOMPS and .FRANCOIS
. : PAIX.L£t^' aoiTUt baslpesa 'if Sart' Francisco;.
State of Caliromla. at premises N- ; o»: -€24 and
;. SKLayunast;, und«r the nanle oJ:r'<3C»LPE3!J
; : "WEST ;: SODA WdnKS/".- and aiao under
the • ranje Gi '.'GOtEiEX: WEST -^ MIKEUAL,
TiJSraqaitW-Mpw.fQ?:.-N^rA':<O..:.'-"i<-'tnlr:day
.dissolved, by.- niiltuaj -consent. E*.ch: "of Ibe
"partners Will ¦ continue ". -business • f«r 'hirapetf
./and eae-h:- itt . th« uadersiifneil .is authoriied- to.
. collect bat«tar.dlflg. fcTIli jiiid -lopay bH!«.-d«B.--
¦ 'i.'V!(.8ign?(ft.v,.-.-' ; .-.••..¦..••.P/SOMPSiv ¦'ir 1 '-- : 'vV'-
.'•¦(.SJgnied)-::.. :. - -.•i.FRA^t-OiS PAiliLEt/ L
•¦¦ bated .gau Franctsco. Octeber'St. : ,A-. '0:' 1950.
•-. : f-. / ;. ; -' ; ; oi.vipEXoy^xoi'ioissi ; .^- :^.:'O--:
blVlDENpylNTuce— lihe ?' •• qlaint : PoW3er"reom~-
pttSfti teop;>.-'. A dlvlilendi.'.Xq.- 23. -of sevehtyT
: : five cents osc) per..share-: ea the U-siiei .capital
«oclc Ml the cotnpaoy :haS becn-.-dfetlared' pay-
afela-'at. the c£flce ©f -.the. conrpan>% -.iSQiCaltr
ftrnia- str«t..'.San Fran'tlito.' on. . November
' 1<>. • lSOa --Transfer. : b<)clts/ close- Xdvejnber ; 3;
• UOO; tU.n.ocn::'";. A.' Ai SPAR.K'5.:Seei;etary.--J
. plVXDp^f^i -^otJce-^lDlvide'nd ¦ >.*Ov '¦" . -lift" -(drtT/
: .'• cents n«r .f hare) of the.:: -Oceanic- : St«aruah!p
:' Coropanjr. will 6e payabl* at^the «'ffic% of the'
•;• ' company. 227. Market etv* on and 'after' Thurv'.
. d»y, yovember.-I, : l?09. Transfer bo£ks •close,
Frlflay. r October 75, 1900, at 3. q' clock p. vJBfeS
: V - : .•.".; .¦••¦..-: E- H. SHELTK3S*. ¦' Secrg'tary'-V
;:.Z UTAfiBIAGE; LICENSES^ ; ; ; • 7
' *ihe fsltowingr-inaTTlafe licenses were . laaued
¦ 5-esierdaj-: -. -. /-;¦' ..'..'¦¦->¦ :; : '.:: ..'•¦,': : '¦•-.-.¦: •",•:.--....;..'•:
. . Samuel M1cn#<ilts, 45. Mairdaierla.: Nejr • Mex-
ico,: andBeila; Scho<?nhplr. S3; -1313 i:i: is s.tree-t.
-:, Timothy F, '.Kelly. 31. IIST- Mis5fpn,>trg*t. ! and.
Annie Snea.: 26,;8lfi7. Missicin ; *treet, '.- : '..:- ¦ •••'.'¦
• Matthias. Amljreska. '40'.. 32 Sljipley'etreet, and'
Mary ChufMia,.S3. Si ghipley: street: .;-¦••¦.:-
-Jtos4ah:- F, Cornfort. SJ. 9S I>?vlsadert> stre«tV:
and. Dora HaaHe. 23. 1* Chattan&oita. streeu ;
. Edward M. -Of Nell.' 40. OaXlaad.- and Ahna'.M..
Martjn.- 29.: Oakland!. '. -.:: ; ' : ; iv ':¦'-¦-•.¦• ;.'•.>; ; : • v : » ¦
. Frank'. W..' Cllf t«n t .' S3,. •'?. ' Fourteenth : >lre-t. :
and Annie M. Panvine.-'tJ,- -¦ S:Fourfeeflth. streets
:^"illi.ain A\r. -Poo.lej.-J4. city; and ..G'ertrs.d*: M.
.Austin-, ' ti^: city. ' '; ¦'- - " -..-¦: '¦.':.-' ' -:.- "¦'• : - ¦'..;¦¦-¦•,:¦:.•. ;V
¦¦•Atthup. C; ' Grant, .J5, - 417 Kearny 'street; . anid
Laura . E. Collins, tt, • K??V4 Mission street;. -• '. ¦
¦:-. Jdhp ¦'.McNesby..- 17;. s:d • HaMet . stfeet,'. -and
Bertha G-. -Jones, 15i S46 ..Harrison' streej; •'•"•;' ;.•-¦
.'•' -James: ..K:ecgl5^.-*J-. Kcw : Western. Hotel.. -'and
Klorenci? RoKersor», ¦' 26. -...Jfe.w.\yest'efti l Hatel, •
. ¦¦ Frederick- H,. '• Golburn, - «,' 657: &asb street.
andvFroha. E.. VTalt; IL : : 65? -Bush. ittteV'-:'- ,- . '
Jaraes •¦¦'H.V Joritison»: -51. . Frultyal^ and -Leu
Per^n. : 5&, Oakland. ¦ : -..-'. -•.-•';:¦.•.¦-':•. '../•- : x '"'¦¦¦¦'. ?'. ••¦¦•:•
:;:BiRTEa^
'-¦¦' Birth. ..maiiriaj* and -*death v: 'n<5ttc«* ' «.e-nt: "by
raail will Rot b« Inserted. They must be handed
in; at either of the publication offices' and be
Indorsed -with the name, and residence; of p«r-
scBs atithbrtied to-have the-.saiae.pubKshed.-.
BOEN.
BAJRI>— In : this, city* . October 28. iWO. to the
.-- Trife -o!. Charles W. Baird. a ttaushten- ¦¦:.:¦ •'.;¦•-
MARBIED.
BERCOViCft-^BERCOVrCH— In Oakland, : Oc-
. tot«r IS,-. i9«!i by : Ure.: Jtev.. Joseph .tVtllner.
• Harry 0 Beroev-ich'.- and ¦ Fahale : 3«rc*vich.
. ¦ both cf Oakland... y.----;- .: :: -,);. '.-. ;-.\ :^ -.-¦• K-~, :.^ : /-
t>TER— GGRJDON— In thiicUyi October,^; llotf,;
: • at.;Ceatral yUij^a^''^uacia^.iJ^JHaii:'.^r-
": ' - th« . Rerv S; D.-. Huts! sipl! ler. Rirdoiphiis. Spen-
cer Dyer and. Sophia ¦. Gordon, : boti»:..'<3t; Sant;
-. FrBncls**.' . ¦ •¦¦ :. ."; : .-.." : .'-"¦• •:• •¦; .-' :¦¦.,'-. '•¦ :.'-.-"i ; '. - ¦". -v'
KIRKMaS*— ASHLET^Inthls-cJty.-Octi'lief'J?,:-'
:.U<0, at .the- home. oI.MrV'-.E. Eh^iery, ...by -th"* ¦
-Rev. S. H. .Waodward. pastor ¦.'o^--Pg'tT*rovi|t':
:.E. ; Church; William H. :-Kir.knia'h anil iia,uie
' -• E. Ashley, tkjth . ot Witl*. W'aHa: : iWiwhi; -.• : .
PYXE— LeOXARI^rlii. thta city. Au^st % -JJOO.
. by :t}ie- Rev. Father 3. :A* . Butler; ifcabejt: Pj-n.e'.
: apd-ilary-Leohatd;'..; -.;-.-., . : ----; ; ••:.. .".¦';•':':• .- : '¦':;
StEyEKS^ALLENr^-Ifi/ibls 'city; COcvfo/& il,
.'. 1SO«. at Winchester Howl,- .by xhft Re*. ¦' t>r.~
John ' A:- 'B. ->VilBOn. -. Bernard. A. -gtiVens of
Ban. Francisto :and Jessie AHen of .Rio:- Vista-
1 DIED.
'. :Baettge'.'.'.Cath*rine:.'. ' . .''¦ McKenria.'':Miry<." ' ¦''";' '-
:' .ChristTensren, John' ¦ - : '.Machev.Petei- '"&.''¦•¦• ¦'¦
Cp.hi3.- Amanda. ¦¦ ; . "ilayrlsch. ¦ Cfearles '.'.¦'¦ ¦¦
-. Davis.: liador ... - : -'Murphy. Catherine '¦
..:I>e : mp6e.v. Cecelia R.- : .O«er:<tnfa:Ht> " :¦'.' ¦'¦*"
¦ I>Uran..Thelnia % ¦..•¦¦. PfckersfiH, •' John .'-'•••¦
: Feldmann. Louis •••.'¦•¦¦ Smith. '-¦ Marele .-'.'' ¦
Gaynor. Patrick vW.. . Bmlth. MarrH. ¦" ..
Gu*taf.»en,...tJllie-L. • ¦ Snyfierv "U'ttllam-. - : ¦'.-.
• : ;Hammondi iJohnv-: • : . 'Stein, E.MI.' .- '¦¦'.'.
iHarlow, Mrs... Bet*!e • ; .Strain;' Gustlve >': •-/ :
; ¦ UoDei. William s- . 'Sullivan; -Jamea O.
. Kenney (infant). "¦ '.Jouajr. Mary '..
¦Lafeerqulst. .-Gustaf -. -.:.¦.-. ¦'¦• .-. ... .¦.•.¦•
BAETTGE— in this. <cltyroct6ber jo,' i?W, Cath-
erine -BacttBpe,' beloved wife of .Captain
Charles Baettge. mother pf Mrs. U.S. Man-
uek Mrs- Charles JoseTvosky.-MrSi F.'.. :! U'at,son.'
Mrs. P.- Rich, Mrs.-.C. -. Swanton and Charles
: ar.d Emma Ba« Use. and stepmother of Mrs.
Schukoweky.Mrsv Burge and Mrs. Bordwell.
..a. native of Ireland.; ag«d : 54 years 10 months
. . and 2 ..days.,--:- '•'-. ' '. '.•' ... • ".- '..'¦ ¦ .
¦' L E^Ftlends anij : acquaintances- are fespect-
! lally Invited, to Attend the funeral this day
¦ <Thursday>, at 11:30 o'clock, from the funeral
parlors of :H. F.;.' Maass. $17 Mission street.
. c^ar Fifth.' thence to. St. Brendan' s-.Church.
. •' -icorner Jiarrisoa iand Fremont streets, -where
services.-: trill : be held, commencing: at 1
o'clock. -Interm«nt Holy Croys Cemetery.
CHRISTEN'SKN*— prowned at Eureka, October
• 21. ISW.John Chrlstensen, beloved son of John
arid Amrtne Chrtstensen,' and brdther of An-,
nle. : Aucufet, Alma and Fred Chrtstensen. a
native of San FT*ncisco,. ag-ed 21 y?ars and 10
..- ta*nthsi . ...-. :. '.:..;' .- -.-.. -. ¦-; '.'• .'. • -• '¦-'. '.¦• . .
-.jCTJSrotlce'.pf. funeral hereafter. . •',- •'•"••
COHN— Amaiida. Cphn, beloved . daughter of
. CatpeF'jahd'. Bertha Cohn. and beloved sister
' ibf format. Josie, Isadore and Blanche Cohn,
¦¦acetlve of San. Francisco, aced 51i years.:- '¦
DA VlS^-tn -this . city, October 30; l?C0.- Isador.
-. beloved husband of Eether Davis;- and father
. of Louts, Healey/ -Alfred and: Aaron Davis,
-Mr*. - S.' -Jacobs, : : itrsv ¦ D: • Levy." and . Florence
and-the.-Jate lE^-aDavie.-a native of . Poland.:
<New-.Tptk papers please copi%)- ¦ .••¦-: ,..-
I ; CTThe-".faB«raI;'-wiU take place: to- morrow
(Friday):, at 10 b'filocTti ¦<¦ from hli late reei-
deflce. ls^ . Pacific avenue. .'.Interment Hllia
<>f:Eternlty.' Cemetery, • tfycarriare. •:¦•
bEMPSEV— In thla ilty, October 39, isoo, Cece-
lia Rose, beloved twin, child of Bernard and.
: Hannah . Dempsey. a native of . Ean Fran-
.: : cjsco. raced 5 months.: -.'-. ; ! . .;. '••" - ; ¦
iit-'RAN-^-In : Tracy. October 24,. 190(), Thelma,'
.beloved -infant -daughter.' of.. Thotnas.M. and
Nellie tHiraftv and-. twin sister of; Le land Du-
;ran.'asred 21 ; -.da>'s:-. ¦.':..:•.¦¦.' ":"' v .' •••";. • .
FELt>MAKN*^In tnl» city. October :«i. 1300.
•; Louis, , beloved ..husband ..of Gretehen Feld-
' imann. and fatter ot'Louls. ; Edward arid TVal-
viter Ferdmarin, the Misses Lizzie and: Tlllte
.:Feldmann and Mrs. Hugo Peters.a native of
• Bremen., Germany, aged 6S years.. .;-. ;':
": GyJiofiw pf funeral hereafter. •-.' ¦-".
GA-YXOR-iln - Kew . York • City.-: July 23, 1S00.
• I'atrlGk' W-tliiam .Gftynor. beloved husband -of
Mrs. Josepnln* T.. Gaynor,. and father of Mrs.
¦¦ Richard ,'.;P...WaW», Mrs. Charles R. Gagan-
; and Mrs. William T. Maddox of New York
• : City.".a" native of Ireland. : ag*d 66 . yeiirs-
':' tfyTh?; funeral services will ¦ take place
this day, (Thursday), at 10 O'clock, at St.
; Brtgfd v s Church; corner Van Ness avenue and
'.'i Broadway;. Interment private. .. ' ; ,. ¦¦
GUSTAFSEN— In this. city. October H. 1900.
LHlieL., beloved wife of Charles Gustafsen,
' daughter Of the late Met a Hartz, and sister
;of Mrs. O. B. Carlson. Mrs. C. Larsen. Mrs.
¦• C. S. Ropers, Mrs. W. Nielsen and Henry
Gr'otfcew. a native of San Francisco, aged 14
i; years 9 months and 18 days. ¦ <
HAMMOND- Entered Into rest. In this city.
October SO. 3900, John, beloved husband of
. Mary A. Hammond, and father of Effle, Man-
-i ton and Mabel Hammond, aged & years and 5
• months. : .
ICTThe funeral serrtee* will ¦ take place
to-morrow (Friday), at »:30 o'clock, at his
late residence. 750 Geary street. Funeral
strictly private. Please omit flowera.
HARLOW— In this city. October 31. 1900. Mrs.
; Bessie Harlow. a native of Scotland, aged 30
: ETRematns at the parlors of H. F. Suhr &
i Co.. 1137 Mission street, between Seventh and
Eighth. Notice cf funeral hereafter.
HOPE— In this city. October 23. 1900, William
HENRY J.* GALLAGHER CO.,
(.Successor to Flannagan & Gallagher)
DANIEL P. DONOVAN. Mgr.
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALMERS.
23 Fifth et.. opposite Lincoln School.
. Telephone South 80. . • [¦'¦
UNITED UNDERTAKERS,
n and » Fifth st. Tel. South 1S7.
rUREBAL DIBE0T0R9 AND EMBALXES3.
Finest Equ!--nent at Moderate Rates.
' Ma c'k i^tVs^h'e s . lV /
. ; : :pur assortment is now cornplete in ladies r , misses', and
children's . ; rnackintoshes ; rrvide of ;-.dqufeIe. texture . wop!
v. ser gey kerseyV: Henrietta or Covert ; etbth with plaid lining. i
; ; -^Tlies<3;g<6od5 are nicely .made in the 'iyery. latest' styles;
: Ayitli cerjienteil seams arid; velvet cbHar^S; prevent
:.irnt3tion:q£the
¦ ;^ery?reasoiiabiy; price as follows: ; : v ,? ;:;' W^St i'.t'-
y •-tLddu^' .^4,7: >• $ 5.50; $6>,2y up to Si2,ob'each-: ; :; , • .
,:;. Misses and children's $4.2, and $4.75 each
Silk Umbrellas
<;:V£adies*/ind; r^
/guaranteed for .the season, with paragon ! frames and the
:; latest rioyejty; handles /which ¦ will be 0 .engraved free of
;'<ba : rge : lf -desiced^ ' ;:o : \ :.'•='; ¦ : \H '-\ '';','¦ ;'-"\'; -•. >-'; i -" : '.-; ; -'-l- : -^ : *1:-.
•J: ; • ; jThe ; abpye;umBre!las are •¦¦al|^hLs.seasoii's ; 'iBob&::abd"iire>:
•)-!^l) :;;WQrth jfive dollarsynowiori specialsate at ¦.% : :'/.. '%f,
g 3-,75 each
;| Spec i al Va lu.e si n
L ad i e s ' Un derwear
;:;J;We mention below a few values in underwear each of
good werght;for, winter wear : : -. • - • ; :
K^l^iffies'^rt^p and wool mixed ribbed vests, high neck
';; and : : long .sleeves • with drawers to match in white or
each
¦..%/:;Ladie$* unshrinkable wool, ribbed vests, high neck and
long isleeves, with drawers .to match in white or natural
I color; :"\ • '• ' - . ,
•^I.5O each
-.^Ladies'^ unshrinkable wool form-fitting ribbed union
suits, high ; S><k; longasleeVes and ankle length in white
; ; ,;bfc'>nat :. ; vv. color ; :¦¦].._ : ;¦¦:';, -./.-- -X v -v>. .. '¦¦:; :''¦- :
2 . 2 5 a suit
'¦"¦ ; underwear in all weights, r "...¦
Notion Department
Side Combs Back Combs
5 "imitation J: New- imitation shell back
:shell side combs in a good nicely finished; in ,
•'Variety of Styles at-/ . :¦ \ several designs at
25c a pair ' Z 5 C «*
Hair Pins
Hair Clasps 0 A good quality of smooth-
: :v- : : :-:^'..- :. - ..< ': .-• ¦'^ )'¦¦ . ly finished imitation shell
; v The new shapes in bar- hair pins in different shapes
rettes or hair clasps at v ; at :
• ~~ ioc-each; -~ , 2Jt a dozen'
¦.-:• '^y.. -:>;• ;^:;-p ;^.¦•¦¦¦•-¦¦-^-- '^.v f*^'' 1 '' ' -¦" ?%"• '; c-> : - :: -- ;
129 Kearny Street
¦¦.- W«,-tfc>. children of the; late Henry Ebblnsr-:
:hausej>,' desire to-.expres* our. most- heartfelt
tfcasks.t* all kln<S-rrte*i:d.*" for their -kindness
apd: Bympathy extended to ' u» In «aif late b«-
reayeroest.:: i : :': ¦¦'¦¦' .!.¦':'•' >:>'.'¦>;: ¦¦'¦ "¦¦. ¦..-•-'¦ ".-':.
HENR Y J,; EDWARD^ WILLIAM. LAURA
-and. ALVIN: EBBINGHAUSEN. MRS; J.:
-.:¦:¦ .Xi. SPAilEK. MRS; H.Fi .HORSTFMAXX .
SAX; FRAJsClSCO. Oct. ,31. 1300.
GART> OF: THANKS.
• ; :pTFrleads ' aad acquatntaaces ar* re*pect ;
fullr invited to attesd th». t uneral to-morroir
(Frtday>. :at J :o'clock. fronx the ; i>arlor8 , 6t.
HalRted . -.•¦& .-• Co;. 94«.-.;iIlsslott. street. Iatet'-
njerit : Masonic Cemetery. ¦"¦.>":"¦'- . :¦:/-• :•¦..-.-:.¦••
:'•':¦' ES^Frte^da and acquaintances in4 !; members:
: :Of ¦ Typo*r^ifJiic*l Utiiion r .N0-'21 >re, afespect-.
'¦ fully, irivltsd. to attehd- the 'funeral this da^
.'.(Thursday).;. at-:l o'clbcX ti*cm th«-'j>arlor« of;
. : : .'Mc Ay.py ;: & : ' Co. « 1229 llarket ' *ijreet.- : .' between:
¦¦Eiebth and Ninth, thence to St,- Mary/* (Paiul.-
... 1st) Church, corner -California' an3.'. Dupont:
.' streets,-, for ; -services commencing at Jotcloct
?•' Ijjt^rment-.Xational. Cemetery. • -. ¦•;.:¦••; ; -..-.;•
;TTOUifG-rIn th!4. city,. October 31. 1900i ilary.
;¦:• ;Yqun5 t ; relict ctt the. late j AJexander Young,
.'and m&ther of WlUla.m J., H«nfy F:ahd 8am-
¦ uel'IF. ' Vpun.K,- : Mrs; J. X.-'E. : Wilson. -Mrs.-
; vXtay AVbitman and the late ; James A.' Toting,
¦ -: a cath-e of Glafsow; . '.Scatlaxld. aged 74 yea*s
.¦./a-nd^-S robjlths. - : ; .:;¦'¦' \-- ¦'¦:¦:._'¦ :• - ¦:..,• .- '¦:*:].¦ -.'•;;¦¦•
' ¦.. -IdyfYieiida.arJd. acquaintances. ar>:resp*ot-.
¦ v (teljr- iuvlteJf ta attend ..the funeral ¦ tfl^mptpow;
¦.:¦•"¦< Friday),' at. l:S9cf' clock, -fro in the partJ?r«- of
•••.¦H:--F;:-:Suhr ¦'¦&: Co..y. 1137 -i M.lsslpa street.:; 'be^
¦ tweea- S«v*flth and-Etghth.-VInternient ly.'Q.-
¦pj-F: Cenietefj'.- •' >—'-. f : '--.'.; '-¦¦¦ :: .-.-•JC -'¦"•: .-¦¦¦'¦'-;:
STROil-4-in: this city; October 29. 1S0C. 'Gustiva
'¦, ¦fitro.m; ¦" 'a^.-Bitl-y*.. of .Alaic: Wa9a,;Finlana,
4? ; y.eara. .':'. '¦; .- ¦.'..¦'• •:-.; :¦:•' . '. ; ¦¦;¦:'¦'., . ; •• .:;:-
¦ . /¦iCT'rrlendsand acquiltitances ¦arr-respectV
¦fiilly- -invited t&'.attead ' th«. : funeral-' thla <JIy.-
•(Thursdai'); from the parlors 'of -thd ''United
' fndettaik^rs. .27: and .23: Fifth street; , .wherr.e
servtcea.- will b« held at 2 o'clock. Interment
. Xaurel 'Hill- Cemetery.-.' - •; ' ; : ; . •• . ¦ ¦¦ ¦. -•¦ ~ : : .-i
Sl7l«L : iVAN;^Iri: this- city^'ottober- 'SO.; ISOOi
¦..James Q. '&alllvan k a'rAtrfe -of. Essex Gounty,
. ;,Now ; Tork. aged £6 years. .¦:;:.;. ¦..•:.;;,:;¦.-¦¦'.•.¦: :.'•: ;.:¦
¦V-:""- '-CS^-FiHleflds. and acquaintances ; -ars; .respect-
••rtiUy.. invited ir> attend .'the funeral ••.. services.
:: .thi<5 .'day ; : .(Tbursaay),v. at : .'2.o r Qldck. 'at h«r,
," ttUi.: residence, tu:-Stttt?er. street, •¦.',lBterm«nt :
" : pr'lv'ate., 'M.aaonlc/.Ce'.rcetery...'': '"'.¦•• k:-:'.V t >- .;.¦•¦»;. j
S>ljTH-^Itt this city. Octaber 31. 1900^ Mary H'.
'¦^mltii. beldved- mother:- of Mrs. . James Freer
. ¦¦ born, Mrs;,; E..J. *« Santa. Marina. Mrs. E<s
: ' "W.- JIbpHlfifv Mrs/. F; W,-.ZeU?;..and.:H?ary-Ai
-STnith, iia^tfvfe. of •Sahtiagb.de Cpn&i atti
'¦¦:Wy«ars-10-morvtli9 and 15 days. '-•.V-;; / ;.: : :..-..: ¦.':¦
'.'.:'¦¦ CrFrieads and acquaintances ar»' r««pect*!
'I'fuHy inrtied to aiterid the funeral •ervtces
.'. to-'nici-rraw. fFriflay). at J-. o'clock, at:' h«r Jat»
¦:•' resiaenc«i:lS2t Pacliic Avenue... -Interment prt-.:
•*:y.a-tey'- Mountain y : lew ; Cemet«ry,;:.OaJclah<J. ..¦ '¦".
S>«.YDER—?a: Eureka, 'October. 2S. : - ISQO. : Wjj?
• Item,-; beloved ' father of •W^fF^.and- Catherine;
'. tin y-der; : a native of Geyn>any. ; kged 7Z. years. ¦ ' ..
.,. :p3rFri«aTj» : an<I acquaintances- ar»: respect-:
Caiiy invited to attend the: fyneral to- morrow
.- (Frtdity), . at. 8 :!3' o'clock, from the residence::
'¦'¦ct ¦¦ Thomas: eastTO.ve.v-JtTS.' Trwesity'second
"•• v Bt«e.f;:- U«nc»'Vt6 St^',. James ...Church, .where ¦ a'
.::¦ Boleritn requiem : high mass: will b» cel<brated
¦<¦';¦ f or- tfc« '•¦ repose of ¦ fels -soul, ' CGTijmenelHg-: at:' 1<K
¦'.-o'ClQclt... InteiTDMt. Holy- Cross ¦ Cemetery^ ;.-'•.:.:
StE;iN>-In P«tal«njai :Octo;b*r:; 23,; :¦ 13C!p,, ; Ev 'Jj;-
"Sxeift.' fcelQVed brother: of . Cb'arlM S.t;e.tB, : attiT
: :; unttr-eiof : John . »nd ; ' Henry. Jeb*.-,a:..'&atl.ve oi-
• Eltiishbrrii'O.ermany.agied^ra years..' :';:..-.--{ : . •.'•:';••:
: 4U»^<si,lntii)i^^'*|tCT'''-^»pWtT
¦' : ;r.uily : : iR-vitS'* tt> a«end: the'. funeral- .'this- flay!
HThurtaay).^ at '."2 . o'cl-ijek;' ,frptri: ; th«.'JuneraV :
' '. parlors', of • Valent?, ilatltil & Co., •¦;l»3i'- StiicTi-
i-.'-tpa'stt-eeti'^ear .iC^lfihirthencifr.to:!.' O;- 0. F<
.-¦¦<Jeaiictery:-. j' : ;- } c ! :"\'..\- •¦• : -.-.-;:-'-.. •'¦•"¦•.',"• •¦/''-, '-¦'• :' ' .-.
¦MUBPHY^-A iniohth'i-.mind ¦'Isolema-; high- ie-
--qolem; ijvass .win ¦ ,be.<e1*b"rated' Satur4ft>-;'N6i
;- : -VjiAter' 3,; at Wo'tlocjfc at;Sj-' .FTancfs CHurch;'
:' -ViiJeia'sTr'iWtV fox,thj rtppse'.o? tlie-soul of the
V.'l^te ' : eath.!!-rlhe'- Murph>'i ' .beloved -wife !of Cap-
•¦ Wtn' i?tan* Sltfrphy-. art ¦• iayiVed .-to-
; .attend-':. ¦•¦!¦: *.;<• -.-.:¦•'.•';¦.;. •:•.¦:'•¦¦->.-.- -
OSTEK^In -this titi, /'Octobii: 30. '.190Q.-- belcn-e;d
'":¦. lhtifc| : ><jn qi F.: Jf.' *nd. Mamie E.:O$t.er.." '; ::',;
PICKERSGILL— In the. City : and : County .Hoi-:
•\ pi tal, October 31. 1900.: Jofen Pickersglll/. a
-.-'¦ native -of- Ensland. aged. 70 years. :.:,; : -. •:_''. •_•'
SMITH^lh this -city, October W.190O.Marsfe.
: beloved, daughter of : .Savii)a ami- the late
'£ Stanley C. Smith,: tnd 'granddaughter of Mr»:
• V Eliza K. •,Emlth;/: a ' nativ* : of England, aged S
;:y«irB'$.. months and £3 days. ;¦¦:......:.¦•.., . .:
v Hope, a natly* of .Londps.. England, aged 48
¦.¦¦ye&n---"-.-:--.--}' :.:;:': '' '¦;'¦¦•• : --'-"- : V- >•:.-:• -':'•••
KEN»vET-^1a thlsVcltyi October. 23, 1300,: Infant
:;eon' of- P*t?T and-.-AnD^e'Keaney.a .natfye of/.
• £an Ffancjsca. .•>'. :¦'; '•;-.>X-.-'j ¦.¦•.•-¦-..¦.•:• '•. •.'..:
t;AbER<5U JST^In: Oakland.-- Qct6b>r'3O;. 190*jf at
¦v'l2i; F«ieeiith. avenue,- :psi»taf... beloved... 'hu*^:
•I- band :«£ Atnin<Ja : :Lasrer.<iviist; and -isLther- ot
: liuldi; ArVliur and CarViLagefqulst;.. a ; ;p*tly*
, ib.f . .'S W«den.." iied 47 years . 8. ;'m6nttis;.:and. -21.
K;days>-"/:-.'- i :!/ .:..- : " .:' V- ; '; •":'¦¦ •"¦ '- ¦'• •'-' x •'': \ : ':
McKENNA^iiti thtscUy.."6.ctober- 31; ..19W, ; at h«T'
•. j*ai<je,nc«.:.314 First street.- it ary,:. belayed- wife
'•¦¦el ritriek-. :.i.?Kenna. '..mother of 'Mrs; .-A.. .Mc-
•'.iCBHoch and P.'i aiad.^llje McKerifla. a '-lUjv
• : :itve : nf ¦ BaUyJoriefora.: p?unt;y'..Kerry,.:lreland,
¦%ese.d.-71 .years; ...... ;.-.•'. :-' : ":\;: ::••";..' :'¦: ::."¦;{ '• -'.S.'.
MACHE'^it IBodega ...Bay:; : October. .^31. liaoft::
•'..J>*ter -D:- Mache. dieArly-beloved husband at
v'.- Met* ¦Mache.. loving. lather. ;6.f' Anna "-F^..- J.ov.
' ; i'eph It; a'fld:Peter D, -Maiibet and .brdtbe.r-tri*
//law '^fH^BryKiiee. '-a'.-natJviBr-.oi. Italy,: agedj-4?
s--years ; '4n'.briths.ana.l9;aay8.' ; ..'. '¦::..-.^-- : '-.. •.'•••
: ." vJgsr Notice; of funeral:h«fe.after.' '•-' ¦:••¦•¦ • -.' -'
idXtRlSCit^-lh ;-.tWs ; :'Mty^: : .iCtetober; : ».'; 1900;
¦ Charge?,- iieariy. beloved, eon -sf ¦ Mrs.- ¦: Bertha
: i MayHych • #rid • lh«;. late'. '.Otto-. Mai-rlsch,. :.an.d'
•>bnJtB(6f at- Oxio, W.tUlaini : .:Herjjtan.- aid -Fred:
':". Miyrisch. iM-rS : : : A. • OlnGB-and- Mrs:' ¦ A 4 ; :Atti>>:.
ive.on;J.a;';naiive «(S4D :Fraftcl*cp. 'agedVa" yeips
."¦ 6\morrthg: apd SS : d-ays.--. >\ ¦••••"•; •/;.-:;• .: .,¦.-..:.'
APViaTISF.MKNTS.
al>r. Gibbon's Dispensary,
625KEAS3ITK1. Estaan&art
in lS34iorth#.'r*Atm<>ntor Prtvat»
Diseases, Uxtt Manboaxl Debility or
itiseaiw^arlny 01: Nxiracd muhland
Skin Diseaso«i. i"h» <locu>rcurMwbeit
others fail. Try hios. Chars;** loir
Cnrf«i:n»rtinlre1. Callorwrlt^.
Or, J. tt. blBBU. 1 !. Box l'J5T. baa Fraaciaca,OPERATIVES ESCAPING FROM
THE BCRNINT, FACTORY ON
MISSION* STREET.
Assistant Chiefs Dougherty and Wills
fought the flames frorri ; the . Stevenson
street side and ¦within a few minutes the
danger of a general conflagration was
averted. . The loss sustained .by Hulse,
Bradford & Co. will be less than J1000.
Thpy were fully Insured. . • -...
the calmest of men at a fire, had to give
vent to an expletive, In order to bring or
der out of chaos. . . • • ¦ ¦ . ' : .
A few minutes later the horses attached
to Chemical Knglne No. 1, which was
backed against the curb, took fright and
started to run away. In an Instant police
men, firemen and citizens grasped the
horses and brought them to a standstill,
not. however.-, until, the hose, which' was;
attached to the cylinder containing bi
carbonate of soda and sulphuric acid had
burst. Within a minute the air; was : filled
with geysers, which scattered: the crowd
much quicker than a policeman ; could.
The brave fireman who turned off the fire
extinguishing iiquld received a bath that
he neither wanted nor needed. ¦¦¦'¦ .. •¦_
A fire laddie climbed up the fire escape
dropped, a bunch of small hose -on- one of
his mates and the recipient was saved
from a knockout by his heavy helmet.
Everything seemed to be at sixes and
sevens and Chief Sullivan, who Is usually
admiratlon of the hundreds of spectators,
who "rubbered" at the novel sight. :
"I will content myself,' ¦ he said, "with
.advising the board to .be more : careful
regarding the methods employed to: carry
out the civil service system. I suggested
that ; the rules for each ¦ examination be
adopted before it is held and under no
circumstances must they be changed; no
matter who suffers by adhering to them.
I am co-operating with the commission, to
make the system a perfect : success.*. For
my part I desire the fullest: light to be
thrown oh .its work and I will lend the
power of my office. to correct any abuse."
As an interesting example of the way in
which Phelan's pet civil Bervlce scheme
is working in the municipal administration
It is only necessary to call attention to
the fact that of. the three positions In
the Board of Public Works only two of
them have been filled from the civil ser
vice list, though they are all in the clas-
Asked- as to whether, he would direct an
Investigation Into the -action' of the ¦ Civil
Service Commission, the Mayor said he
did not think it was necessary. ;V;.' :•'-::•'.
The Mayor is loth to : ascribe any; im
proper motives in the questionable: pro
ceeding.. of Commissioners Freud and
yulnn in reducing the maximum required
for experience as bookkeeper from ten
to five years, after the Board of Examin
ers had marked the examination papers.
His Honor, however, deemed; it his duty
to warn them that in future, they must
do nothing that would call down> upon
their heads: any unfavorable V criticism;
He notified Preud that his act, though
it may have twen. done, with no realization
of the probable results; was indiscreet and
he exhibited bad judgment In Its per*
¦formance.'.:. ¦•;:-¦ ; •/..¦¦; ¦¦;.;=• ..' ; '-'-; : ¦¦:'¦¦: /»^
. Mayor Phelan emphatically denies that
any favoritism was used In order tp'place
Leavy in ¦ such a' pbigltion on the: ehglblo
list that he would- be. selected to be one
of the bookkeepers In the Board of Publl-i
Works.; . Phela .1 meets the charge: thai
Secretary Leo Park interested himself In
Leavy's case when he learned that : Leavy
was: sixth on the list by declaring 'that
Park did not visit him (the Mayor) to pro
cure Leavy's advancement; :. It was
charged that : Park and Freud were seen
comihgout of the Mayor's private office
on September 18, . but the Mayor states
that he was visiting: the public schools on.
that day in company with Chairman Mark
of the Board of Education and he did not
return: to his; office until after business
hours. '.He says that he ¦ was not ap
proached by any one In Leavy's Interest.
"I have advised. the Civil Service Com
mission," , said the Mayor, "that hereafter
It must fix the weights or percentages
for each subject absolutely before the ex
amination takes place. • After they ¦ have
once been established they'must on no ac
count be changed,! consider this occur^
renipe as an unfortunate circumstance in
connection with the introduction of a new
system; Errors, will creep in no. matter
what precautions are taken. .' .- '
VT.he charge of favoritism is, I believe,
not supported by the facts.; The commis
siori. as I have learned* sought to correct
a mistake in making ten years' experience
in bookkeeping a condition for. receiving:
100 per cent for that :subject. They re-r
duced It to five years, which was. reason
able. That Injured nobody except those
who :had ten years' experience who. were
in the competition. The change, however,
was ill-advised 'arid should -have been,
made before the examination and not
after. It appears that Leavy. was the
enly one who benefited by the : - change,
Leavy is a relic of the: old Fragley admin
istratiori and. I am morally -sure that the
correction in the experience schedule was
made without any reference to him." :
The Board of Civil Service Commission
ers was censured yesterday by Mayor
Phelan for its action In raising the rating
of Leonard S. Lea vy ( who was thus en
abled to retain his position as bookkeeper
In the Board of Public Works by reason
of being advanced from the third to the
sixth place on the eligible list. .It was
a mild censure which his Honor felt callel
upon, to administer to his commission,
which has been given charge of the es
tablishment of the merit system in the
municipal government and which is sup
posed to carry out his desires, but it Was
a censure nevertheless. The rebuke was
not in; written form, but came from, the
Mayor verbally and contained the specific
injunction that the board in the future is,
under no consiaeration, to change the
weights of any. subjects after the examin
ation has once; been held. •: . :
His Honor Denies Charge of Favorit
ism in Leavy's Case, but Admits
His Commission Was
Indiscreet.
Musty Not Change Rules
After Examination Is
Once Held.
CIVIL SERVICE
BOARD CENSURED
BY THE MAYOR
Burglars /entered the grocery .store of
Ji-M. PoBe,: northeast;', corner, of Mission
and Fifth, streets,; some time Tuesday
night. 'They blew open the: safe. and ser
cured $4Q in silver.' The police have been
notified. : ••'-¦..:• :'. ; -;> ¦¦.'•".¦•: :''.' i- .•¦:,¦'.• ; -: ¦ ¦'-:¦¦.,
Burglars Loot a Safe.
. ''Mi C. Sloss, .who; has been; a member of
thei ftrrn.Of !.Ghlckerin&,' Thomas & Gree- :
pry for the last seven years; la a. candl-:
date .for Siupfirior Judge. He has all the
advantages ". which education arid . experi
ence, added to inherent honesty r cari irive;
and ' :ig : eminently v fitted ¦ for the posi
tion."-': '-'V.-..: : : : ' - ¦• i ¦:¦:.' -: : . ¦ :.. •'. ; . '-.•¦•¦.¦!
•?Jack'.' Bonnet Will Soon Be About.
: The many friends. of "Jack?* Bonnet will
be; -rileased to hear' that the popular editor
of Town Talk will soon be oh the streets
again.: Over four \teeks.:agp Bonnet broke
his left kneecap while playing handball
at the Olympic C*lub. He was removed to
St'. ; Mary s -Hospital; where he has since
been confined. Yesterday Dti Theo, Reth
erp,: who : has been attending the injured
man, .placed, the knee in. plaster of paris,
and it will', now'.- be a question of a. few
days only. when, the. Injured man >-iIl leave
the hospital . and : resume, his. jourriallstlc
work;!; : i; -- < : :'-..-' : >- • - r ¦ •• . : 'I.- ': ..•:.¦¦':
. : The title of this proposed ordinance; as also
lised In the official ballot, states that it Is for
"licensing and regulattng the -business of pool,
spiling on contests between men.'' These words;
are designed to confuse and mislead the voter.
The real purposed of the- measure is to Intro-,
duce and establish- by law- the' gambling '¦ prac
tice of pool selling.' It seeks to Inaugurate, by
tlip legal initiative of the people the very Ob^
nioxlouB practice, that It proposes to .license and
• regulate. There' are no -. ordinances In San
Francisco . permitting ' pool .selling, upon. such
contests. On the contrary ordinances exist-for
bidding this unlawful mode-, of gambling. . Let
it; therefore, -. be clearly understood that tho
adoption of this proposed ordinance .will legally
create :as well .as- protect within : this. city, and
county" the- depraved practice of pool selling
rp.'ith all Its attendant evlls'and- vices. Be sure
and stamp across inthe last blank space pa
the ballurt. ''¦'..- ' . . ¦ ¦¦;•¦¦ ¦ . .
The directors ;of the Merchants* Abso
clatlo^. have Issued an appeal to the cit
izens of San ; itanclscb to . vote ajrain&t
the .poblselling: .ordinance. -. Voters are
cautioned that the proposied ordinance >'. is
neither -a constitutional amendment nor
"amendment No. 8,'- :as indicated by the
manner In which the ballot is made up.
A part of; the of the Mer
chants* Association. is as follotv-s: .:
signed to Promote Poolr
" } , selling. -V'. : ¦¦;-
MEBCHANTS DENOUNCE ¦ :
. . •- " : viciotrs obdinantce
Ask Voters to Oppose Measure: De-
The Crane! Company, John A. Roebllrig
Bons, Charles "R. Allen ; and L. P. Degen
of '. San ¦ Francisco " filed : a petition ; in the
United States District Court yesterday to
have Philip Meyer of Santa Rosa de
clared an involuntary insolvent. They al
lega that he owes $1000. .. •:
An. Involuntary Bankrupt.
¦ Sing . .Poy/j a .well-known ' Chinese high
binder, was arrested' last night by, Polices
man Dinan and charged with being one of
the. men who* robbed Carl Tref z,\a:saloon
keeper, while .rhe- was ( lying 'unconscious
In a basement on .Stockton: street
Pacific a few nights, ago. - . .
Chinese Robber Caught.
• Mrs: . Mary : H," '•¦¦ Smith, ' art ' estimable
woman well known in' this city, ; has been,
called to her last irest. : The news of her.
'death will be learned Vwlthregretrby her
large '-.circle^ of friendsV. •• ¦ 7. . " i'. 'i ¦':."¦ ¦''¦
: Mrs. Smith was a native of Santiago de
Chile and had passed her eightieth ;veaf;
She was the mother of Mrs; F, W, ZeRe.
wife of the; Park.: Comrnlsslbher -of; that
name; Mrs. Jarnes Freeborri,- Mr$..'E:..J, :
de. Santa Marina,: Mrs. ; :-E. . W. . JJopkiris
and Henry A. Smith. . : ' ' ' ¦: •; :•¦ ¦ ' ;'
The funeral will take place, to-morrow
afternoon f rom the late ' residence iof . the
deceased. 1827 Pacific avenue, .The lnterr
ment will be at MouritalnView Cemetery,
Oakland. : ' . : ' ?¦"- ';''. ¦'¦'¦¦'¦¦'":'. •¦'•::-•" '- : ' :
Death bf Mrs. Jffary • H.; Smith,
The subscription .sale of . "seats Jfbr.tThie
Grand .Opera season ;ci6.ses- Saturday at
five o'clock^ at Sherman, Clay, and ;Co,%.
The ¦."result of the, sale '-is i-:.an; :^assurance Of
success. The single seat Bale will begin next
Wednesday at Morocco's Grand ; Opera*
house. Mall orders ' will be. received and
will be filled in the order the applications
are received.' Mr. : G'rau and the principal
members have. ar rivcd in. New York arid
will leave Friday for California. : Madame
Melba: left for this city. Monday. . / : .,
Grand Opera Seats,
which there were present Mayor Phelah, :
Auditor Wells and Supervisors Hotaling
and Tobin of the Finance Committee, it
was decided yesterday to permit the con
tinuance of the illepal practice of borrow
ing from certain funds in the treasury to
pay demands on the general fund, which
is exhausted. This actign %vas taken not
withstanding the fact that the charter
. makes it illegal. Supervisor McCarthy
was present to press his resolution direct
ing an investigation of the Treasurer's
office for paying out unregistered de
mands to the exclusion of those that had
been registered.
Deputy Treasurer Perkins said it was
a well-known fact that taxes do not com
mence to accumulate until November and
as there was little or no money in the
general fund during July, August^ Sep
tember and October, it was the custom to
borrow from the sinking fund or other
funds to pay demands thereon, so that
the city's creditors should not suffer hard
ship. The demands .were -them carried as
cash until the Tax Collector made a set
tlement, when plenty of money would be
available. '• ¦ • .
Mayor Phelan agreed with Perkins and
took refuge behind the fact that the prac
tice of borrowing from funds was univer
sal. To a question of the Mayor, Auditor
\\ ells replied that there was no danger
or irregularity in the practice.
McCarthy thought that the Supervisors
should have passed a resolution allowing
the temporary transfer of funds and ad
hered to his contention that the practice
was illegal. A- public office. • he said
should be conducted on legal principles.
Clerk Russell said that the custom . hart
been In vogue for many years without any
authorization from the Supervisors and it
had never been questioned before.
Tobin held that the only course to pur
sue was either to obey, the-' law. and create
a municipal panjc or disobey the law and
save the creuilof the city. Phelan sug
gested a constructive apportionment of
the funds in the city treasury to meet the
contingency. ! Auditor Wells advised the
payment of the money so long as it was
in the treasury, and it could be replaced
when taxes were collected. Perkins said
that about $1,000,000 would soon come into
the treasury from taxes and an apportion
ment could be made by November 15. Per
kins asked that the Finance Committee
recommend approval of the action of the
Treasurer in paying demands out of bor
rowed funds. The Mayor demurred to
this course as being unnecessary. .
"It is a question of disobeying the char
ter, heuaid, "and until some one calls
mv attention to it, I can take no action."
Perkins informed the Mayor that Mr.
McCarthy had called attention to the Ille
gal proceeding in the columns of The Call,
but the Mayor would not accept that fact
as a notice of the charter violation.
In regard to McCarthy's charge that un
registered demands had been paid in ad
vance of registered ones Perkins pleaded
that they were paid unadvertently. . Only
a few had been so paid, but Perkins prom
ised to complv with the Mayor's injunc
tion that registered demands must take
precedence and he promised to comply
with the charter In future. i
At a conference of city officials, at
CREDITORS TO BE PAID
WITH BORROWED FUNDS
Bifled service; The board has appointed
Leavy and T.' J. Crowley topositions. but
has ae yet failed to, mak©; a requisition
upon the commission' for a person to nil
the: third place though it is required by
the charter to do so; . Nearly two months
have passed since the list of eligibles was
announced, so the Board of '.Public Works
must admit that it ihas . had ample time
to comply with the law on that score.
The third position,: which' carries with
it a salarj' of. $55 per month, is held by
John C. Newlands. who was appointed
several months ago. before the office was
classified for civil service. Newlands took
the examination for bookkeeper at the
same time as Leavy, but he. is number.12
on the list and :: therefore could not be
certified for 'the '.third place by the com
mission. Had he b«en fifth the requisition
on the commission for his services would
undoubtedly have been made. The Board
of Public works has failed to call for a
third bookkeeper because the eligibles are
not agreeable to its desires. in the matter
and allows Newlands. to ; continue In the
position at its Own sweet will, ... ¦¦ .
Chief Examiner Moran states that the
commission had taken no action in this
case as It believed that the Board. of Pub.
lie Works has the authority to designate
the nature: of the services of its employes.
The charter provides that the Board ox
Public Works '.'may" appptnt such em*
ployes as it sees fit. Newlands is now
classed as an assistant bookkeeper. on. the
salary roll and Moran is ot the opinion
that this might exclude him -.from the cat
egory of bookkeepers. , : . ¦¦¦"''¦'¦\ ¦¦¦¦„',: '_j^
In the face of thts/.howeveri the Sheriff
is allowed by. the charter to appoint three
"assistant" bookkeepers.'^ He has appoint'
ed : only two, however, • Edward Atkinson
and Miss Daisy ; leaner. Atkinson /was
formerly a deputy In : the office, and. he
exchanged places with Louis Jacobs^ who
is on the eligible list: of bookkeepers.: but
too far down to be ; certified to . by thei
commission. : Atkihson,. whp stood, first,
received one appointment arid Miss I^auer
the : other. It is :not definitely ;. known;
whether Jacobs and Atkinson have as-;
stimed the duties each, possessed before
the change, -but the commission is not
bothering 'Itself about that. It dismisses
the subject hy saying, that the «ity is sav
ing the salary -of : a. third bookkoeper by
the juggling of positions in --..Ihe Sheriff's
¦offlce.. ' , . r V".-" '¦¦."¦'¦¦:':?¦'¦ ' ¦;¦¦- :' ; . : ¦¦• ; : , '- = "vi\ '
- .—. . ¦ - - . ¦ , - ..r.. ; ¦ " . . "
SELDOM if ever has a one-alarm
fire been as replete wilh incident
as that which tapped in from box
€2 shortly before noon yesterday.
The exploding of a gasoline motor
en the third floor of Hulse. Bradford &
Co.'e manufactory at 7tW Mission street,
eet f.re to the feathers stored there and
within a minute the floor was filled with
flame? and smoke. Several young women
¦n-ere engaged j>!c5ving l'.oss and were
frightened almost cut of their wits by tht
fxplcsion, Some made a dash for the
Ftolrtvay and some for the fire escape.
I>esp:te the rlourts of smoke that filled the
piaco the your.g women managed to rearh
a place ot safety in the office of the com -
Mis? Grace Ileskith. one of the fripht
cnea drirlF. tainted and when water wa=
pourea down her throat she coughed an<1
frpat out a pin whirh she had in her mauth
p.t the time of the explosion and which
she f ergot tft rt-meve in hor hasty fliKht.
The fair ones who bethought themselves
r<f the fire escape ptepp^d out on the plat
form and began the descent, much to tbe
¦ ... : ¦ - r I-..'.;--''
Possessed of Courage,
They All Reach the
Ground.
Engine Horses Try to
Run Away but Are
? Caught.
Make a Thrilling Run From Top
Floor of Burning Factory.
DOWN FIRE ESCAPE
YOUNG WOMEN RUSH
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THUBSDAY, NOVEMBER 1, 1900.
14
. •' ,,y. v :-; AS I^EQJCrVBZVBCnOit.
Ocnlista* prescriptions iflUed. Factory osi
premisea. Quick repairing-. Pnom. Main IX
OPTI CtAN5^W- 1^ApM' CA ' >WWT^
p4Z; Market 5t: instruwmts
;¦ ; unde« cMRoxicit Bon-oiNfr. Catalogue Fric.
Opera.- ---'.„"•..
tor^netteis^
(Old Number 21 Stockton St.)
TELEPHONE MAIN 6523.
39 STOCKTON ST., near Market.
Couitry Orders SoIioitBd— Catalogns Free.
¦ Finest Eastern Sugar Cured. • ' : ¦¦' '! / •
-Regularly He. : ;".-:¦ : ; . -: .''¦'¦'. ' -".•'. .'..-
Butter, . square.^ £i .4 ; .40c
. Cholca Creamery, .¦¦.¦.¦¦..'••':•.:. '.¦¦'¦¦¦ '..'.:¦ -.
: '. Regularly 60c.".;;'/.;.' - ; . : ... . •'.; ''¦ ''¦¦¦:.:[.'
Claret; gallon. ...i.v. .35c
Well a^rd; full flavor. . ' : •
'¦ Beeularly 50c. ¦/¦ . ¦ . • :- .." : ;¦.". •; '.
Toilet Soap, box of 3 cakes 15c
: "Violet Bath. 1 ¦'/ excellent Quality. ;
: ' Resulaxly 25c. .' ' •': ¦.:'•¦•.:.:.• ¦ ; .
Holland Herrings, 7 for 25c
-. Extra large new Holland Herring.
•. . All; milts. Regularly 5c each.
Ideal Mush, 4 pkgs. . . ,25c
:¦ : Delicious for' breakfast.
• . Cpoks quick. Regularly 8 for 2Sc
Brandy, bbt 75c, 3 bots $2
Very old California Brandy, gallon.... $3.00
¦ Regularly. $t and $i. ¦¦ ¦ '¦
La Africana Cigars, each 10 e
. • The' leading brand of imported cigars, '.
• • .box Of 50 ..;.; ;,.»4.75
. : " I' Regularly 13%o ; bo^ IS 23. ' • -~ .
-¦; All : .tha popular. 60 cigars ..7 for 25c
Hams, Butter, Claret,
Toilet Soap, Herrings,
Ideal Mush, Brandy, ¦
. '. Cigars.:;/ : - '. / ¦ ', '.; :££: \i£ y ! .:- g •; .'
Hams, lb . : . . ......... A2la
Thursday— Friday— Saturday.
SPEGLAl, SALE!
ADVEItTlSEMENTS;:
IlEGUtAR REPUBLICAN NOMINEE.
;> IWEXPIRED TERM,
JUDGE OF THE SUPERIOR COURT,
The mast -wonderful aphrodisiac and Sp«cial
Tonic for the Sexual Organs for bot& sexes.
The Unclean remedy for Diseases of tb* Kid.
neya and Bladder. Sells on Us own merits.
¦ NABER. ALFS & BRtTNE. A seat*.
(23 Market St.. S. T.— (Send for Circular.)
PAJA CALIFORNIA
Dairiiaha Bitters
IS a : GREAT RESTORATIVE.; IN VXOOiu.-
tor and Nervine. ¦ •¦¦¦.:. ¦-'¦:..:
Pitchers.;.:.: 8 cts and » cts
Breakfast \ Plates . . . . , . . . ... ©cts
Meat Dishes..'-. .8 cts and 1 a cts
Wash Basin .'„...,. ...... ..44 cts
Tea Pots . : .,: .' . : . ... ; . . . . . . . . .36 cts
Soap Dl5he8'..,.............8 cts
Toilet, «eti....«..:...i:..>;8et 1.40
Chambers ....... .'.:.. ¦ l .::,. 36 cts
Wash Bowl and Pitcher.
:;:... .v....;.::...'....v;.. set 8 8. cts
Big Sale;
j: White Stoiie China '/i
Cups and Saucers.. . . ;'. . ... 7 cts
Dinner Plates ..; . .1. ..... . . .6 cts
Bowls- all kinds '..: ':. : .\ , '.. \ 8 cts
: We are Cutti njg Prices
all to Pieces During* Our
Biff Clearance Sale. ' \,
SZQX KearnySt, San FrancUco.C-L
DRMGNULT1
n'HISWELL-KNOWNANDRKUABLE OIJ>
L § pedal 1st cure* Blood Poison, Uonorrhoea., Gleet,
Stricture, .spmlnal Weakness, Impotence and their
allied Disorders. Rook on Diseases of Men, free.
OverM years'espcrence. Terras reasonable. Hours,
9to3(ially:6:3nto3.30ev 1 cs.Sund«ys,10tol2.C<>nsul-
tationfreeandsacredlyconfldeoUal. Call or address
PARAISO HOT SPRINGS,
Tbe Carlsbad of America, la bow opea for U>*
winter season. AxtJreaa C. T. liOills. Paralm
Spriass, CaJ.
WINTER RSSDRTS.
If you have never tssted Jesse Moor« "AA"
whltkey. try it and be convinced that It 'is
the best whiskey In the world.
Great American ImportiDfirTea Go!
210 Grant ave., bet. Butter and Post its.
SSI Market. St., opp. Powell.
52 Market St.. junction California.
OUR BRANCH STORES EVERYWHERE. •
. Vote for Tho8..F. Graham for Judge of
the Superior Court.: . : . . •
"Write for.' new catalogue ot watches.' Jewelry,
silverware. : Invaluable to out-of-town purchas-
ers. Hammer?mtth:& Field, 36 Kearny st. * :
Hale's.
Hale's.
Hale's.
Hale's.
''^^^^^^^0^^^^ !si!fr\<t'? * learned that the newest and most stylish millinery is also always lowest priced \*^b' f<&v
; '¦ -¦¦'¦' ; ¦ ¦¦!•¦>: •;;¦'; '' '¦'/. ¦.¦¦'' "¦¦¦.¦ ¦''¦¦ £ pay extravagant;' prices,; the' offerings in this sale will prove of tellinpr interest v i . . ; : : : -. -f^^
ladles' trimmed hats, black and fashionable; colors... .;......;. ....83.39 children's stylishly trimmed hats nerfect beauties- notwoil!k» «»» w<\
;• '¦ =. : ladies' trimmed hats, black predominating, suitable for ladles of middle - young ladili^ hits. eiS^rep^oducSSns of late impor\ed^odels*" 'ttf^Z?-
age .....i.. : ..;..:..H.-.>-......-..iv.. ? .v... v .- v .. .,.,.,...-........-.... ¦¦_....*:. i......... .-.&*,. 4 i» ; es t colors and black... ,..,... i-.'.-.v. ,......;..... ...^.. ......................... g3 3 a
?!W"^il : dS^'-iB?jwetty : : 'hiats/"yrlth\.fluiw brims, trimmed with rosettes and --children's sailor hats, In blue, red, -browii, grray and black; trinanied with
Quills; the winsome colors, Including red, tan/gray and blue,. in combination ribbon bands and buckles.. ..-...-. .;. ii ,.»..;v i ..-;-.. ..'.•.¦...:¦.'¦;:.. .;.....;...... (J9c
with white....^,. .,;.:.'......;. ............ ..v-..>.. -^ in red, tan. brown and gray— trimmed
•-^d^SdniedMs/^'u^^^
els and our own creations of equal; artistic merit— -hats that even experts ; beige velvet roses— per bunch of three.. --.----• A}J*;
will find it difficult to distinguish from. the $12 to; ?15, kinds...., ...... .:.«S7.^j^ % four-inch wings, per pair. 12 l-2e— six-inch .....I.. '.. '.'.'.'.'. "^c
- ; ladiesv untrimnied felt hats; a variety :qf shapes and Cojors.39c arid 29c : 1 ®^ 1^ 8 "^ inches wide— per yard J{4 C
• .ladles': tatlor-mado stitched walking^ hate, in blue,,brow7i^red. castot' and: - : - SuiHs^iS inches wide— per yard G Jlc
% gray; trimmed, with; pungaree scarf :^^ large .blackbirds^ach""'"-'"""*"" " VHS
'. children's stylish tatn'o'; shanter hats; "trimmed with:, the rosettes: and.- small blackbirds— price ' M i'h
: quills; red; tan, blue, gray and brown in- ieombinatlon : with white........ 99c ¦ /: .r- fancy feathers ¦'and^ ; .coque^per*buncb."*.*.V. ".*.*.*.*.*.*.*."..".**.* *!!"."" ««
i -children's hats,; no.-, two : trimmed^ exactly .alike,^..., ...,.*...> ;;>.-.iw;;8t;'4f)-.-7...- ; fourteen-inch breasts— brown, castor, gray", navy and "bl'ack-^ach *i;9«
v-v misses' trimmed hats, in the late and most popular shapes, and colors; • black r feather ball pompons.^. . . . ........... " ' *{<>«
' trimmed in the height of fashion; handsome, stylish and full ot beauty ';;^^look :. .; large feather ball pom pon3 in castor or gray, with rose centers." "^j^ii
:.. like. $6 h&iai:*W, : .<-.'.y>?'^A''r^ wire— two yards for............. II!.5e
tailor-made suits at two-thirds domestics another handkerchief sale— one Of tflS
price and the reason for it. , . flo(^ flr8t al . best oi recent splendid of ferin^s.
•:..-.••••.-. •"..:' .-;¦¦•'.¦ H?/n^^—^nn<-' v - ;;;c •'""¦- ' ;; - r;; ' : - ' ; - ' - : ' : "'- ¦ ¦ ~ • -* flow^- flrst ' alsle « : ., .-'. . : ¦ .¦: .- . '; ,::.-. .-V. tirst tloor— second uisle. '
... . :. , , ; ..; -.. :,. secpnci Tiooi— ironi. ... . , ; ., .... ... : unchal i enre( j values are daily added to keep It was not from choice that the importer Ignored tho
- to-day we place on sale a prominent manufac- this great domestic store on the top crest of - vaaue of tneso pretty handkerchiefs and affixed prices
: turer's Bamolp cblkctidn of tailor-rrfade suits. ; the "popular, favor, these oiterlngs mean , *ctiv« r-s*^ unbecoming to their true wcrth. he needed money—
l^« s 'f" 1^ m , V^" V^ 1^1^;^ tK» : butlness ' not to take advantage of them .is needed it qulck-and cam© to us to help him out of his
Offering includes: -handsome Sllk-lmed suits With the extravagance. : . : - • : ' . ....y.;;^re<«cameiit of all the splendid handkerchief values w»
DOOular : blo : use. ticht-^fitting and eton jackets and a : special purchase of Turkey red and yrhlt* have secured for you lately we count these n^ong tha
; ' ii,i' H. n , ; ; .ff»^ ' ilmnctVwrv: nrnnfr fahrir damask cloths-tfrlng'ed aU around— soes to tho pest; .' . - : . •. -.-.¦•.-• .; ¦ ¦ .-.;.•
the new skirt effects, -almost, every proper lapric j. ounter , to -day. at these unusual prices: , . ladles': handkerchiefs— many different sorts and styles
.and desirable color is represented in the collection, 1% yards long:, each..........,.;.,.. . T5o :; —including fine linen finish cambric handkerchiefs wltlx
some are richly trimmed with braids and panne vel- ; 2 yards ion?, each...... ..,v,-,«;. k -.,- 85c ... - : nemsutched borders trimmed with Valenciennes lac© in
VI-+S nthpTd nrp rtlain tailor-made VOU know how 2^ yards . long, each ......^....$1.00 honlton patterns— sheer swiss handkerchiefs with, hand-
:>etS— qtnera are plain tailor mauc. yuu.Knuvv nuw unbleached turkish towels— extra heavy— sti* somely embroidered and scolloped edges— pur* linen
careful a maker is with his samples. : he is lUdKCd tsy.zs inches— value I2%c each— only ...;..... .lOo hemstitched handkerchiefs with face borders— and hand-
bv them— he sells from: thettl— his success depends white wool blankets with handsome fancy *L erch l e .*^ wlth One cambric centers and borders of valen-
: uponthen^ Tg
the worknTianship: is most thorough: and the tailor- .-.-.,. ¦- . , : ; \ .sale to-day, in one lot. at each T?...15c
ing and fit the best, v every. ; -^.. ;.; ja^l» F ; jCZ£&7~ '> -'-":"" ., la ? le ?' l ia i ldkerchlef3 ~ 5>!aln hem-
: beauty sparkle is'" accentuated— ' : , -r* tfrjSS&f : ' ". /tff% .-<g=Sir> stitched with Y* and ir.ch h^roa—
these cleRant, suits- are new M&fiW/ JkB&>*^SsTLnrxr,. /inQpJ^^ '}¦:'://' ;.;:'\ ;v : -, , ° U . W 0U/%
910.7," to !?t.'.oo. they are '¦ 'i%mri^ gs^^^^^^^ l^ aa emjM' nmm ; .: : naiidressing and manicuring
worth^ about one-third " Moi»kct St r cct> Near Sixth, Oppi>«lt6 Golden Gate Ave^ C^crriVwe/?/
Iiylj x . ; .: ' •".¦' ' ; - W^-5?$F ¦ '.'
'¦'. v/. ;-. Wonder¥ul..^ ; ?Sfe^;
r * Fop Tb=Day .--
$6.50 Quality 5iik Waists,
• ma<\" "of very best taffeta' silk, front, flh-
. lshcd in Van Dyke ' effect. . entire . back,
sleeves and front composed of- moro. than
one hundred small tucks, waist and
sleeves lined: come In all gri^ #\f»
the fashionable- colors: . .-; *m M^'
ON SALE TO-nAI^T;...;....^" 7 "^
Children's Coats— Special.
Child'*. Ali-Wool jacket. Automobile
style, - sizes 2 to' 8 years: lined through-
out, all. colors, regular price <r»<-» A c
ON 'SAr.E TO-DAY AT.:.. *r^*_'P
Women's Waists*;
Made: of German Flannelette, has the
exact appearance ot an. all-wool French
flannel. This, waist Is sold, all '__
over at $1.25. '•:'• ¦ ../fir
OUR PRICE TO-DAY IS........ r f V.V
Wpmsh's Flannelette
/Wrappers; v
These wrappers are cut very; wide and
the patterns, aro the prettiest we've had
this season— some aro ¦ flounced, others
not. : The bretelles. collars arid cuffs of
all are neatlv trimmed with _
braid, sizes 32 to 48. QKc
ON SALE TO-DAY AT "r'SrV
Women's Wool Overskirts,
Made of navy blue and black serge, sold
all over at $3.60. Also have a lot of Bro-
caded Cashmere Oversklrts, pood 'ir,W
materials, worth Si. your choice *W 9
of the' lot to-day aU. .'. ". **»¦'¦».
BPECIAIj SALE in I^adies* and Chil-
dren's Mackintoshes.' Country orders re-
. celve careful attention.. .
1212-1214 MARKET ST.,
¦ Between Taylor and Jones.
toJMBiNArioN Cases
I We show a very fine line of
J these cases, in oak and mahojr-
I any, at extremely low prices, as
F well as many beautifnl china
\ closets and bookcases. ,. ..
) THE J. NOONAN
I FURNITURE- COMPANY. Inc.,- .
I 1017-1023 MISSION STREET
/ Phone South 14. Abovs 60, S»a Fraad jca 1
Of course no. family would rent
a piano if thej' thought that they
could afford to buy one. It is only
natural to prefer ownership to
renting.
If a family can afford to rent a
piano they can afford to own one
by means of the new rent contract
plan of Sherman. Clay & Co.
This plan is different from the
usual installment plan. The' pay-
ments are S6.00 a month, which
go toward the payment of the
piano. Why, there are many
homes right here in San Fran-
cisco who are paying: $4.00. $5.00
and $6.00 a month merely renting
a piano.
Own your piano— investigate
Sherman, Clay & Co.'s new plan.
Three hundred hij?h Rrade pianos
and organs waiting your inspec-
tion, j
Sherman, Clay & Co.,
Stelnway Piano Dealers
Cor. K«»Rrny & Butter et».. S. F.
Cor. 12th & Broadway. Oakland.
Cor. Third & Morrison •*»., Portland.
711 Second avenue. Seattle.
[painless |
1 DENTISTRYI I
B i 3>enlnr» until 9. Sunday* all H
. IB , ««y. ¦ ¦ - - . .- ¦ . . . 4 - M
Kt Full Bet of Teeth, pain* . 1 H
H extractions free..f4.V>0 on I M
B gfW Crown.. 12-k $3.50 u» ? M
Filllnr* 25eu».t. fi
¦ •¦'¦'VAiV- V/?OOAf,"i
a tOOt MAHKET, fa
I SIXTH and MARKET, I