1 CONSTANTINOPLE, Dec. 7.-The Sul
tan,. It is said, wishes to make Turkey a.
great 1 ; naval -power, and has taken the first
step' to' that" end. He has issued an '• order
that the fleet be reorganized and the com
manding -Minister of Marine • to report
what . measures are .necessary to iplace
Turkey on an equality .with the maritime
nations^ of Europe. ' '¦ /' ¦ :
Special Cable to The Call and New York Her
aM. Copyright, 1900, by the Herald Pub
lishing Company. . > ?«.•¦••"."
SULTAN NOW WANTS
A MODERN NAVY
The breaking of the continued deadlock
|k''ver the estate was brought about at a
""inference last week, at which It was de
' ' ld«*d that rather than make a fight In the
'-ourts to sustain their claims an to valua
tion the executor* would accept the fig
ures fixed by Mr. Haebrouck.
¦ SEW YORK, Dec. 7.—G. B. D. Has
brouck, legal representative of the State
Comptroller, to-day announced that the
personality of Cornelius Vanderbllt's es
tate is officially appraised at $52,500,000,
the real, estate at $20,000,000. This ap
praisal is based upon the market value of
stocks and bonds on the day of the death
of Cornelius Vanderbilt In September. 1893.
On the basis of this official appraisal Al
fred G wynne Vanderbilt. as residuary
legatee and head of the house of Vander-
Mlt. will receive $44,500,000.
Executors Agree to Accept Has
brouck's Figures and the
Deadlock Is Broken.
LEGAL APPRAISEMENT OP
VANDEEBILT ESTATE
• Rear Admiral Charles O'Neil, chief of
ordnance and president of the Board of
Construction, said, that at one time ft was
thought that the designs prepared by the
Board -of Construction provided for (ships
that would cost more .than Congress had
allowed, but: the result shows that the
board was fully Justified' in its action.
"The bids were low," he eald, "and I
was very agreeably surprised. It is per
fectly, gratifying to the Construction Bu
reau " to V find that the average cost of
sheathing, as shown by the bids, is about
3 pen cent instead of i per cent, as it was
estimated. All the. money appropriations
will be required to bu:id the vessels and
additional appropriations. will have to be
made to'equip the ships.'/
Rear Admiral HIchborn. chief . : con
structor, also expressed gratification at
the result of the competition.
"The bids were very satisfactory, in
deed. I was gratified to find they are
within the. appropriations. Competition
Illustrates the growth of. the navy.- It Is
interesting to compare the gathering to
day, composed of ] representatives of mil
lions of capital and great aggregations of
labor, .with. that which occurred ten years
ago'wheri bids' were opened for battleships
of the Oregon^ class. Then there were but
few firms represented "in the competition.
.while t to-day there were nine."
John H. Dialogue & Son submitted the
lowest bid— $3,400,000— on one battleship,
but the department officials say it is
doubtful if the firm .will receive a con
tract. - ¦ . ' .. •:'. . i"
Discussing competition -Secretary Long
said to-day: ¦ •. . • ,,--".
The. Union Iron; Works' bid of $3,750,000
Is the lowest, however, and must be ac
cepted, leaving the contracts for two un
sheathed cruisers to be awarded. As tho
bid of the Newport News and Fore River
Engine Company for these two ships ts
the same and the former has had the
most experience one of the vessels will
probably go to the Virginia company and
the remaining contract will be awarded to
the Cramps. The matter Is one demand
ing the keenest attention and It Is expect
ed, that the awards will not be announced
for some days.
proposal of the Cramps, and two un
sheathed cruisers for $3,775,000 each.
It may be that the Board of Construc
tion will recommend that the Fore River
Engine Company receive one armored
cruiser, but. this possibility is considered;
very slight. The company, will probably
claim that the. contract for two armored
cruisers should . be awarded, to it on the
ground that Its proposal for the construc
tion of the three armored cruisers author
ized by the act'of June 7, 1900, is the same
as that of the Newport News Company,
$3,775,000, and 55000 less than the bid of
the Cramps for one of the vessels. So far
as sheathed, vessels are- concerned the
bid of the Fore River Engine Company is
out of the question, as for one vessel It Is
$S5,000 higher than that of the "Cramps,
$90,000 higher than that of the ; Newport
News Company and $175.000 ; higher than
that of - the Union ;Iron' Works. It offers
to construct ; one unsheathed ' armored
cruiser for $3,800,000, $20,000 more than 'the
Union Iron Works, one unsheathed bat
tleship at $3,400,000, and two . armored
cruisers at $3,800,000 for sheathed vessel
and $3,750,000 for unsheathed ship. ..
Bath Iron Works, one sheathed battle
ship at $3,590,000.
Fore River . Engine ! Company, " one
sheathed battleship at $3,580,000. ' ¦ V-
Newport News Engine and Shipbuilding
Company, one sheathed battleship at $3,
593,000, and two armored cruisers at $3,885,-'
000 and $3,775,000.
William Cramp' & Son,. one. unsheathed
battleship at its bid of $3,600,000, -and two
armored cruisers at $3,890,000 and $3,7S0,000
respectively. . "'-" "• ' '
An examination of the bids, which have
been referred to the Board. of Construc
tion, indicates that contracts will be
awarded as follows:
CALL BUREAU, 1406 G STREET, N.
W.. WASHINGTON, Dec. 7-Probably
the greatest aggregation of ship-build-;
Ing capital ever gathered In the United
States was represented . to-day at the
opening of bids at the Navy Department
for the construction of eleven armor
clads, which, ready for. service, will cost
the Government more than $60,000,000.
There was real competition In these bids,
and as a result the construction of the
projected battleships and armored cruis
ers will not be confined to three firms-
Cramps, Newport News, and Union .-Iron
Works, which have hitherto supplied ves
sels of this type for the service. To the
gratification of Secretary Ix)ng and other
officials of the Navy Department who
participated In the opening'. of, the bids,
other firms besides the pioneers named
competed, proposals being- received from
the Bath Iron Works of Maine; Fore
River Company of Weymouth, Mass.;
New York Shipbuilding Company; Jonn
M. Dialogue' of Camden, N.' J.; Moran
Bros. Company of Seattle, Wash., and
RIsdon Iron and Locomotive Works of
San Francisco. j
Special Dispatch to The CalL
Great Aggregation of Shipbuilding Capital Repre
sented at Ope .ing of Bids.
Union Iron Works Will Get Contracts for Three of
Uncle Sam's New Warships.
ELEVEN ARMORCLADS
COST SIXTY MILLIONS
DON CARLOS. KING OF PORTUGAL, WHOSE GOVERNMENT BY A "
REFUSAL TO RECOGNIZE A DUTCH CONSUL AT LOURENZO MAR
QUES HAS CAUSED A RUPTURE WITH HOLLAND. ' ' • •
': Mies "Morrison denied; having: taken "any
razors! from 'the racKet' store- or having •
had'a'raior'or knife when,' as she 'passed,
the Castle ; house,' . Mrs. Castle' called * her;
In. After she entered,. she; said,". Mrs. Cas-*
tie fastened 'the screen door behind them."
' Witness . denied urging; Castle ' to ; keep
his promise and . come and see .her. or v t ha t
she had; told ''him she "was: In trouble. - J.
"No; sir."
"I was not." ' , ... ; 7;\ ;
"Did 1 you . use any expression or make
any t threatening,, movement, or '; say. .rif
you -don't, -you'll wish you. had?'. ": ? .
"Were either of you angry?"
She told of the interview in the racket
store i with Castle.' who. sald;on .the .wit
ness ' stand that she ' had . threatened; him:
She said she had asked him. to ; return' her
letters and things and he had replied:,- i
-•' "You " needn't worry : . nobody " has * ever
seen your, letters. and I 'guess "I'll 'return
them." - . ' .:'..;
EL DORADO, Kans., Dec. 7.— Jessio
Mordgon" to-day took the stand in her
own defense and In a quiet, determined
manner told .minutely of . her relations
•with Olin Castle before his marriage and
as calmly; pictured the scene at the Castte
house during the bloody rough-and-tum-
v ble fight with, Mrs. Castle. .She proved an
unexpectedly strong witness. Miss Mor
rison* approached the witn'es3 chair pale
and trembling and began her testimony
with an effort. As she proceeded she
gained ' confidence and related her story
without hesitation. Sliel denied most of
the damaging testimony, adduced by the
prosecutionl She flatlv denied many ' of
the statements made oil the stand by Olin
Castle and declared lhat hie had tried to
make Mrs. Castle Jealous and that Mrs.
Castle had flaunted her husband's acts. in
her face.' On the day of the tragedy, she
declared, Mrs. Castle nad called her into
the house* as she was passing, had: ac
cused Miss Morrison ot trying to separate
her and Castle and when she denied it
called her a liar. Mrs. Castle had. tho
witness declared emphatically,. begun the
fight, slashing her with the razor again
and again and compelling the defendant
to attack her antagonist in; self-defense, j
During her thrilling recital of the two
women rolling- over one another on the
floor in their combat the spectators rivet
ed their eyes upon Miss ' Morrison. In all
her testimony Miss- Morrison" was direct
and positive; never once did she : flinch
and at only one time during the cross-ex
amination did she shed a tear.' It" had
been feared, even by the, # deferise, that she
would break down during cross-examina
tion.;-- . •¦ ¦ — -: : - * .' *¦>.-. . . . .-¦ '
The [ first part of ! Miss Morrison's testi
mony, contradicted 'much; that Castle had
said : on. the stand. At first her voice was
har/ih,"but it afterward' became more soft
and lowV Witness said she -had known
Castle since July,'l8&7,:when she began : to
work In- the racket store, "where he was
employed ," and she , had known Mrs. Cas tl*
about six years before her'death. During
the summer of 1899 Castle had come" to -seo
her .at "her brother-in'-law!s* house from'
one to three times a week an&- had. taken
her riding' frequently. 'He . had ; written
her a. letter .while hie, was at Whitewater
and she had answered It. She" told about
going to Excelsior, Springs last /Jaftuary
and of Castle asking to come to see her
on the night before she went away. . - . '¦
"Just' before he left did you "tell:* him
you would fix him?" was asked. ; ,. 7
"I ¦ did :¦: not.V replied Miss .Morrison
firmly.? " , • .
"Did you ever tell him you would, fix
him.-or.use words of similar import?". ;
"I I did hot." u7r,"V° '7 '-';/."',':'.. '_
Declares She Was Enticed Into the Home of De
ceased and Compelled to. Battle for Life. .
' ¦ . .¦.-¦:•. -\ . .:-.-?-;.;
Witness salu i?he seated herself upon the
lounge.'
" "Clara sat down in; front of me," said
witness, and asked: "What do you mean
by following 6lin around?'" I said' I was
not. Then she said: "You know you hate
me and I hate you- and I am no friend of
yours.' -Irose to go. She said: 'Don't go
yet; Olin is coming in a minute. It's too
bad for you to run after that poor boy.*
"I told her he was the one who caused
her to, be so bitter toward me. She said:
'I know better. You tried to separate us!"
I fald I had not and she said: 'You are a
liar.' I said: 'Don't call me a liar!' Then
we both rose up together." "-'i^; 1
The witness paused. ¦;•*,:. £¦
"What was; done then?" asked Judge
Redden.
"My handkerchief dropped and I stooped
to pick it up. She moved .quickly In the
same direction and then. she cut me with
the ra'zor."
"You had no razor.' knife nor weapon?"
"No, sir." ''¦¦'-' i */:' :
"Then what happened?'!
"She cut twice^ with .the razor across
my throat," said Miss Morrison. "I grab
bed at her and screamed. Then" Clara and
I rushed together and she threw me, and
she kept striking at me all the time. She
fell over. on me and I got the razor away
from her. After that we rolled over on
the. floor/' . ¦ , .- . ¦ : " '• . .•
"No, sir."
• Jessie. Morrison told her story in a, clear,
steady voice, without. hesitation, but she
paused at the threshold of the most
bloody. part of.it.",'
£ '.'Then what did you do?" asked Judge
Rodden. ' ¦. ,
."I cut her.", answered the witness. In a
conversational' tone. • .* ;¦.'-.!¦"" '
\ !*Dp you know how many times?"
"Do you know what became of the ra
zor?" • . . ' ¦ •> •
• "She may have knocked it from my hand
or I may have dropped it."
.Then Miss Morrison told" of -Mrs: Mo
berly § - and .Mrs. Spangler. entering the
house. ., She denied much of the. evidence
given by these two 'women. ". ' ' *'"" •
Captain- Waters cross-examined Miss
Morrison. The witness denied .that she
had ever been "engaged to Olin Castle.'
: .When" court adjourned . at -.noon Mlsa
Morrison was '-helped to. walk to her cell
by her brother. She had not winced once
Under thecros3-examinatlon, which' It had
been , believed j would cause • her, to' break
down, and had displayed remarkable'cool
ness,-nerve and, self-control. .
'. . During the noon 'hour .the* Rev. Mr.
Myers, an evangelist, we'ntto the'prison
er's cell and. prayed with her. " , . ; " : ;
.At the afternoon session Captain -Waters
continued the : cross-examination.;-
' "What prevented you after you got the
razor from goingto" the door and scream
ing for help ?" was • asked of Miss ? Morri
son. , , , I
'.'She. held my hair and arm." .
Later witness said she t had seen some
one at .the window and called for help.
Several' questions' put by Captain Waters
were objected to - and '• the . objections were
sustained; and the cross-examination end
ed- without ', Miss " Morrison \ having contra
dicted any of her Important morning state
ments. She stuck , tocher original testi
mony almost entirely. V
."- On redirect' examination 'Judge Redden
asked Miss Morrison whether i "she', had cut
Mrs. Qastle: after i she if elt^the'danger to
¦herself ; was past." j She that she
had not. . . -
. The witness was' dismissed. Judge Red
den" helping .her from the chair; to' a place
near, the members of her family. .' ¦¦¦>
Pale and Trembling, the Girl Gives Her Version
of the Fatal Encounter^
MISS MORRISON TELLS
OF KILLING MRS. GASTLE
notification appears in the gazette to the
effect that all able-bodied British sub
jects are liable to be conscripted for serv
ice In the Rand Rifles.
CAPE TOWN. Dec. 7.— Owing to the at
tempts of sympathizers to communicate
with the Boer prisoners at Green Potnl
camp Maxim guns have been placed lr
position on the surrounding heights, in
readiness for a disturbance.
General Kitchener Reports That the
'"'¦" Boer Chief Is Hard Pressed.
LONDON. Dec. 7.— A dispatch from
General Kitchener, dated Bloemfonteln.
December 7. confirming the news from
Aliwal North, Cape Colony, ofyesterday't
date, saying General Dewet's main force
Is hard pressed, adds that General Knoj
captured the Krupp gun which Dewet
abandoned near the Caledon River and
continued in pursuit. The dispatch also
says that while the British were handing
over women at the request of the Boers,
under a flag . . of truce - at Belfast on
Wednesday. December 5, a force of. 1M
•oldiers unsuccessfully attacked a neigh
boring Infantry post.
JOHANNESBURG. Dec. 7.— In pursu
ance of the reconcentrado policy the au
thorities here are preparing accommoda
tion on the race course" for 4000 peopl<
from as far as the distance of the Rand
The\ burghers will be herded in a
laaxer and will be strictly watched. A
DEWET'S FORCE PURSUED.
Soon after proceedings began Chamber
lain announced that civil government will
shortly be established In the Transvaal
and Orange River colonies. Chamberlain
raid the Government hoped— it was hope
and not profession— that very shortly, in
deed before' the House met again, some
thing in the nature of a civil administra
tion might be established both In th<>
Orange River and the Transvaal colony.
Sir Alfred Mllner. he added, would be ap
pointed Governor of both.
Here Duncan Pierce, Liberal member
for. North Aberdeen, a former captain of
the Aberdeeenshlre militia, who recently
returned from South Africa, where he
went to look after the remounts depart
ment when the war broke out. Interrupt
ed Mr. Chamberlain, saying. "You will
lose South Africa."
Chamberlain also said he had suggested
to Sir Alfred Mllner that he Issue procla
mations in English and Dutrh setting.
forth the Government's Intentions, which
were animated by no vindictivenp-a
against the men In arms. The Govern
ment thought It impossible that reason
able men could ask it to fix a day- when
full self-government could foe granted.
The Government had laid down three oh-
Jects. The first of these was to end thfl
guerrilla war. It would not surprise h'm
If the Boers had destroyed more farm*
than the English. . Never in history had
war been waged with so much humanity.
The women had only been deported f.-,r
their protection. The native population
was answerable for the acts of outrages
of women and children, and it had been
shown that in no* case had a British sol
dier been justly accused. The farm burn
ing was greatly exaggerated. Lord Rob
erts liad only sanctioned the burning •-. f
farms as punishment In cases of com
plicity In the rebellion or damage done tr>
the railways. The Government sustained
Lord Roberts absolutely. The Govern
ment was bound to leave discretion to the
military.
The second object was that when pacifi
cation was accomplished a crown gov
ernment would be Instituted. The third
object was ultimate self-government.
The statement caused an unusual seen*,
the Colonial Secretary being loudly
cheered from the Liberal benches.
Mr. Asqulth contended that amnesty
thould .be granted to the Boer leaders.
8Ir Henry Campbell-Bannerman said
that Mr. Chamberlain's speech was more
favorable than the opposition had ex
pected, and that the Government had
practically accepted the amendment. In
his opinion there ought not to be a di
vision. - ;.v : • ' -
Mr. Emmett withdrew the amendment
which demanded that the Government an
nounce measures for pacifying the an
nexed territory.
The second Incident of the day was the
cheers given the Colonial Secretary by
Liberal members.
LONDON. Dec. 8. — Two unusual scenes
occurred In the House of Commons yes
terday. The first was an Interruption in
.the speech of Joseph Chamberlain. Sec
retary of State for the Colonies, by
Pierce, a Liberal. Chamberlain was* talk-
Ing of establishing a civil government in
territory taken from the Boers, when
Pierce exclaimed:
"You will lese South Africa."
British Stitesmm Favor the Plan to
Make Lands Seized Pay Costs
of the War.
GETS CHEE3S FROM LIBERALS
Colonial Secretary Promises
Civil Government in
South Africa.
Direful Prediction to
Chamberlain in
Commons.
"YOU WILL
LOSE SOUTH
AFRICA!"
MADRID. Dec. 7.— The Imparcial says
It considers the rupture of relations be
tween Holland and Portugal to be very
serious. It adds that It was due to the
intrigues of Great Britain, further as
serting that Portugal is now under the
tutelage of Lord Salisbury.
Observers think that the speech and
telegram constitute an intimation to the
wcrld that Portugal can count on strong
support if necessary.
THE HAGUE. Dec. 7.— While it is not
denied that the Minister of The Nether
lands at Lisbon and the Minister of Por
tugal here are temporarily leaving their
jmsts. It is semi-offlcially declared that
there is no question of the Ministers be
ing recalled. It is explained that Count
ne Selir, the Portuguese Minister, is pro
reeding to Lisbon on a few days' visit to
verbally explain the differences which
have arisen in connection with The Neth
erlands Consul, Heir Pott, at Lourenzo
Marques.
LONDON. Dec S.— There has been no
diplomatic rupture between Holland and
Portugal, says the correspondent of the
Standard at The Hague, and the Minis
ters will return to the respective courts
to which they are assigned In the course
of a few days. ,
"England has often shared the efforts
z r,d glorir-s of Portugal. Our mutual
friendship and close alliance are strength
ened by history and the blood shed to
gether in cause? which have always been
Just."
Admiral Rawson replied that the words
"f the King harmonized with the thoughts
«.f the Government and people of Great
Britain.
toasted Queen Victoria, the King: said,
smonE other things:
"I bejr to record." telegraphed the King,
"my great satisfaction at the "Frank and
l«yal alliance uniting England and Portu
gal."
In the course of hi« speech, when he
opinion of well informed diplomats here
that she dispute between Portugal and
the Netherlands will be amicably settled.
It is net th» intent of either Germany or
(Jreat Britain to permit hostilities be
;w(#n the two iittle kingdoms, and Trill
probably de«n it advisable should the dis
pute reach a stage where intervention is
necessary to pugpest a peaceful settle
ment. Information has been received by
the State Department that Portugal and
the Netherlands have formally deposited
at The Hagne ratifications of the contract
for a peaceful settlement of international
disputes. Under this contract a power
friendly to both governments is author
ized to sugspst mediation, and in case of
refusal on the part of either party to the
controversy, then there is a court of ar
bitration available to be selected from the
jurisdiction appointed by the several pow
er* signatory of the treaty.
LISBON. Dec. ".-The Minister of tho
Netherlands to Portugal and the Portu
pucw Minister at The Hasrue have left
i heir respective poet*. It Is believed that
a, difference ha* arisen on the subject of
the exf-quatur to the Dutch Consul at
Lorenzo Marques, which the Portuguese
Government has withdrawn. The tension
between Portugal and Holland appears to
have been emphasized, perhaps not alto
pether unintentionally, by the peculiar
warmth of King Charles' toast to Queen
Victoria at the banquet given yesterday
at the Royal Palace to Vice Admiral Sir
Harry Boldsworth Rawson and the offi
cers of the British fleet now in the River
Tagu?, and by the telegram by which the
King afterward dispatched to Victoria,
thanking her Majesty for sending the
fleet and for the friendship thus demon
strated.
CALL BUREAU. 1406 G STREET, N.
TV.. WASHINGTON. Dec ".—It is the
Sj>«<-Jal TXspatch to The Call.
and Her Subjects.
Open Friendship for Victoria
Neither Germany Nor Great
Britain Will Permit
Hostilities.
?
MAY ENFORCE ARBITRATION
Tension Is Increased by Ring lharles'
Portugal and Holland
Withdraw Their
Ministers.
DISPUTE
OF LITTLE
KINGDOMS
BISHOP POTTER'S
STRENUOUS VIEW
''Go where you may, talk
¦with whom you will — with
clergymen estimating the
promise of a field for spiritual
labor, with women rating 1 the
claims of other women upon
their social recognition, with
the heads of the great univer
sities paralyzed with fright
lest the indiscretions of some
plain-spoken professor, who
tells his age the truth in an
hour when it sorely needs to
hear it, shall cut down the
revenues of the* college— it is
no • matter, th* commercial
question is at the bottom of
it, and decides usually all
others."
j^^l Binhoj?; Poite r in? ah.' 'address last'
"A nl * nt Church Club of
¦^ .7 New Haven, spoke* at length on
"Wealth rand' Commonwealth/'
"I choose this subject because of its par
amount .Importance."; he said. "Divorce,
crime and corruption In all, our cities have
one root— the lust "of- money. The one
eager, dominant hunger which saiutes us
from one end to another of our broad land
Is the passion, the hunger, the greed of
gain.
"Challenge what method you will in the
complicated web of .our Industrial, politi
cal or social life and you will find the
question of gain behind it. Listen to what
scandal you may in the haunts of politi
cians. In the camps'of soldiers, in the halls
of fashion, the final standard of the. whole
business may be expressed by a dollar
mark.
• "Listen to the talk of children as they
measure and compare their elders. Hear
a group of young giris, whose fresh youth
one would think. oughOn the matter of
thelr^most tender and sacred affections to
be as free from sordid . instinct as from
the taint of a. godless cynicism, and you
will find that, they have their price, and
are not to be had without it any more
than a Circassian slave in the market of
Bagdad.
"Go _ where you : may. talk with .whom
you. will— with clergymen estimating the
promise of a field for spiritual. labor, with
women rating the claims of other women
upon their social recognition, with the.
heads of great .'universities paralyzed with
fright lest the indiscretions of some plain
spoken professor.. who .tells his age the
truth In an hour when it sorely needs to
hear it' shall cut down the revenues of the
college^— it I Is nc' matter;' the
question is at the bottom' of it, and de
cides usually all the others.
"We read the bther,day of a woman at
the horse show whose attire was a dress
madeof the sklns'of unborn lambs. "What
do you think of .such V thing? |*Ia not j this
a relic of barbarism? ""^ .
VThe situation, grave and threatening as
it is to all that is best in a nation's life,
is the result of causei that are not far to
seek. They are to be found in the spirit
of; the age, in the conditions of our naj
tional life arfd'in the standard of our per
sonal values. _\ : • '.
"If material , wealth be the' end of being,
if accumulation be -the worthiest aim of
human ambition, if the; palaces or the
buying of Legislatures : be the- final, and
highest distinction | possible ¦'¦ to modern
manhood, then we 'must needs look them
in the face. < ¦¦ . ' ¦•¦; :
"In the country. in. which you and I live
what we call civilization has undergone
what is nothing less than: a gigantic revo
lution? The' huge .'aggregations of capital!
which have; practically ,taken , from the
hands' of : the 'individual the independent
disposition 1 of chis ¦.. labor ; and .. have ; intro
duced into his 'existence paralyzing uncer
tainty as\to 'both' his 'comforts and his
future, ¦',; and :the , gradual widening : of
: the ; 'breaches that separate .'; classes
from .;ciasses, ;; p and - ;the'; competitions
that," while they,, cheapen the '", necessaries
Of life," increase the elements of /perplexity
and uncertainty' as ; to how ¦ great , multi
tudes i may obtain them— all : these are ; fea
turesof.our".modern:situation full ;of.dan
ger. :/-' ' ¦ .-.¦/ -:;¦•¦ v-, ; - : : <¦): : *;\'->-.
'. "For. one, • I i; have : i no > hope , that^, any
mechanism", of J legislation, any. system" of
socialism;: any* seheiheYbf .agrarian distri
bution 'or. taxation ,wlll in '.the. remotest- de
gree V remove Vthem.j. The /church '.'¦' of ;; God
must go up. must 'stay up,'; upon a much
i;hlgher. plained than "that." ' * .
Heads of Great Universities Paralyzed
With Fright Lest Professors
Become' Plain-Spoken,
ALLUDES 10 ROSS CONTROVERSY
People of All Age and Rack
. - Sad to Possess ¦ me. ;
Sordid Instinct.
Delivers an Address
on "Wealth and;
Commonwealth : !
POTTER'S
PLAIN TALK
ON CREED
The San Francisco Call.
VOLUME LXXXIX-XO. 8.
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
SAN FRANdlSCO, SATURDAY,- DECEMBER*; 8, 1900.
BISHOP POTTER. WHOSE ADDRESS ON ."WEALTH AND COMMON
WEALTH" HAS. CREATED, MUCH COMMENT. FROM A SKETCH
MADE AT THE TIME HE DENOUNCED VICE IN NEW YORjCBRITISH GITNBOATS
IN SOUTHERN WATERS
Special Cable to The Call and New York Her
ald. Copyrisht. 1900, by tho Herald Pub
lishing Company._
LONDON, Dec. 7.— Carl JohnsCon is
amused by reports cabled from New York
that he had married Miss Neustetter and
gone with his bride to Cape Nome. The
New York correspondent of one of the
London papers gave the news as an after
noon dinner announcement by the Duke
of Manchester at, the Waldorf-Astoria.
The Duke ought to have known differ
ently, for he and Mr. Johnston were both
at the Carlton Hotel only a fortnight ago.
Johnston married ¦ some weeks ago, not
the lady mentioned in the dispatches, but
Miss Lulu Birdsall, , who is well known
to many. New York men about town. Mr.
Johnston Is no nearer Cape Nome than
London, where he is devoting his time to
the very honorable occupation of making
NEW, YORK, Dec. 7.— Carl Johnston, or
"Carle" as he Is familiarly known, first
became well known in New York a year
ago, when he accompanied the i Duke of
Manchester here as his private secretary.
It was reported that' Johnston was to wed
a wealthy American girl. He denied this,
however, and said he was going to Cape
Nome, displaying his railway and steamer
tickets to prove It. "
His Journey was interrupted by a cable
gram from Lady Boyer, wife of Sir
George Boyer,". formerly Miss Ethel Ack
lom of California, conveying the informa
tion that she had been sued for divorco
and he named' as co-respondent. John
ston, returned to England and made
strenuous denial of wrong doing, but the
divorce was granted early last month.-
"Carie" Johnston Is AnTased
by Reports Cabled From
New York.
¦ '.- '¦' ¦;;¦;¦-. ¦-"•-•¦¦¦:¦¦ "
NOT WEDDED TO
MISS NEUSTETTER
PEKING, Dec. 7.— Li Hung Chang in
formed General Chaffee that he and all
the people of the province of Chill are
extremely pleased and gratified at the be
havior of the American troops towar'fl the
Chinese. This is considered no light mat
ter. From all sections of the portion of
the city under American supervision come
words of praise, thankfulness and com
mendation regarding the behavior of the
Americans.
LONDON, Dec. 7.— In the House of
Commons to-day Joseph Walton, Radical
member for West Riding, Barnsley, York
shire, moved an amendment to the effect
that, more adequate measures should be
taken to safeguard >the interests of China
and that no demand should .be made on
the Chinese Government for the punish
ment of Chinese officials which could not
be Equally Imposed in the case of a Eu
ropean power. This amendment also de
clared that reparation should be sought
In trade facilities rather than money in
demnity.
Viscount Cranborne, replying, contended
that it would not be opportune to make
a; general . statement ¦ -while-
were proceeding. The Government, he
said, adhered to the policy announced last
August. He asked' the honorable mem
bers not to embitter matters, by bringing
charges that could not be proved. He
went on to say that he had a sanguine
view regarding the railway in China, but
he was not able to say what tho powers
were arranging as to the waterways and
the adjustment of.- the- revenue. He de
clined also to ¦' say. anything regarding
Russia's action at Niuchwang. ,.\
"The Government Is attending to British
commercial interests," he said, "buf pa
tience is needed, as the progress is neces
sarily slow. I hope to lay papers on the~
table Monday next, but there has not been
time to publish the whole papers."
BERLIN, Dec. 7.— The Peking . corre
spondent of the Deutsche Zeitung writes
that several German marine officers dis
covered Sir Claude Macdonald, "former
British Minister at Peking, and Lady
Macdonald, personally superintending
coolies, who were carrying off the treas
ure from the Chinese imperial palace to
the British legation buildings.
British Minister is Accused
of, Looting at
Peking.
SIR CLAUDE IN
UNPLEASANT LIGHT
Mr. Holland disclosed the great secret
of his success. It is to have the ballast
tanks always full of water, never par
tialy filled, otherwise the water ballast
NEW YORK. Dec. 7.— J. P. Holland,
inventor of sub-marine torj^do boats,
held the attention of a large audience to
the end of his lecture before the faculty
and classes of Manhattan College to
night. It was the first of a series to be
given on naval architecture before the
students. Dr. Farmer, president of tho
Alumni Society, introduced the inventor,
who received an ovation. His lecture was
graphic and profusely illustrated with
stereopticon views.
Mr. Holland began his lecture with a
brief history of sub-marine "boats and
their many failures. "I was compelled to
wait 20 years," said Mr. (Holland, 1'beforo
I could get money, even after I was sure
my plan was completed. Finally I .put
in my time by inviting criticism. It was
my salvation. New ideas that really
made my boat were suggested by men
totally Ignorant of boats or naval archi
tecture. They asked questions that not
shifts. changes ' the center of grav
ity, upsets the boat and causes disaster.
This one light is the Holland key to sail
ing and diving about like a fish under
water. On it hangs the value of his pat
ents.
only surprised .me,' but I had never
thought of them, and I could not answer
them. So I set to work to meet all such
problems and remedy every new difficulty,
and thus in time I came to evolve a prac
tical submarine boat. •
"The French deserve the honor of the
first suggestion in submarine diving, leav
ing out of account what has been done by
my boats. The progress made by the
trench has been praiseworthy, but • their
best boats up to date have not accom
plished what, the 'Fenian ram* did nine
teen years ago, and without the assist
ance of storage batteries. Unfortunately
they have been hampered by the Idea that
success is not possible outside of France."
HENRY J. HAYDEN
FALLS TO HIS DEATH
Was Vice President of the New York
Central and Hudson River
Railway.
NEW YORK, Dec. 7.— Henry J. Hayden,
vlc& president of the New York Central
and Hudson River Railway, jumped or fell
from the fourth story window of his resi
dence to-night and was killed.
A window in the fourth story was open.
and. it is not known whether Mr. Hayden.
jumped or fell out of the window, it is
learned that the deceased was a sufferer
from nervousness and heart trouble. Mr.
Hayden .was a director in many railroad
companies.'-
Mr. Hayden was subject to attacks of
shortness of breath, and It Is supposed
that he had been seized with one of these
attacks and had'opened the window to g*t
iresh air. When picked up he was fully
dressed and the body was yet warm. His
bead had been crushed In, he having
fallen on a flagstone. • •• ,rf
8EATTLE, Pee. 7.— Tho steam schooner Rain
ier returned to port this afternoon In tow of tha
steamer Rapid Transit, which found her In a
disabled condition off Point Si* Point. On
Thursday nleht while en route from P«»att!« to
Falrhaven the Rainier had the misfortune to
blow out her Intermediate cylinder head. Un
able to proceoil . on her voyage, ahe dropped,
anchor and was discovered several hours later
by tho Rapid Transit, which wan on her way
to Victoria with a cargo of coal. For some
weeks the Rainier has been carrylnsr coal and
lumber between this port and San Francisco.
GERMANY WILL EXPLAIN.
Kruger Turned Away Because of Se-
cret Pact With England.'
BERLIN, Dec. 7.— It is learned from an
unusually well informed source that it is
the Intention of the Government to issue
In one form or another an exhaustive
declaration which will justify in the eyes
of the public its policy concerning Mr.
Kruger. In this declaration there will be
a passage in- which the Government will
refer to the Anglo-German secret treaty
regarding Africa, which Inspires its pres
ent attitude.
In the Reichstag to-day, answering
Herr Roescker's interpellation regretting
that Mr. Kruger had not been received,
"but had been "turned away from the
gates of Germany out of regard for an
other country, contrary to the feeling of
the nation," Count .von Posadowski-
Wehner, Minister for the Interior, replied
that he greatly .regretted that Herr
Roescker. had npt given previous notice
of the question, as he would have asked
Count von Bulow to answer "the difficult
question in per son. He added that it was
comparatively easy for Irresponsible Dep
uties to give expression to certain popu
lar currents of opinion, but a man occu
pying the responsible post of Chancellor
of the German empire, who was answer
able not only for the peace of. Germany,
but also under certain circumstances for
the peace of the whole world, would not
allow himself to be influenced by such
popular and eentlmental waves of opinion.
For him there was but one course— to pre
serve the peace, safety, welfare and in
terests of the fatherland.
LONDON, Dec. 8.— Mr. Kruger has
abandoned all the proposed journeys to
other capitals, says the Brussels corre
spondent of the Standard, and all further
diplomatic efforts to secure arbitration
and will await at The Hague the devel
opment of events at the seat of war.
?
DECLARED TO BE SANE,
THOUGH IN ASYLUM
to Obtain John Ryan's Release
From Agnews.
Habeas Corpus Proceedings Brought
SAN JOSE, Dec. 7. — Habeas corpus pro
ceedings were begun here to-day to ob
tain the release of John Ryan, an old
resident of San Jose, from Agnews
Asylum. Ryan, who It is alleged in the
petition is perfectly sane, was committed
to Agnews on September 21 last. He is
possessed of considerable property. The
commitment was made at the Instance of
some of his relatives and others of the
family have engaged Attorney More
house to obtain his release. The case
will be heard before Judge Hyland on De
cember 21, on which date Medical Direc
tor Crane is ordered to show cause why
he should not release Ryan.
OXNARD AND BRIDE
ARRIVE AT NEW YORK
Wife Was Formerly Maid to Sugar
Magnate's Sister-in-Law.
NEW YORK. Dec. 8.— The World, says:
On the Deutschland. which arrived here
yesterday, were Henry T. Oxnard of San
Francisco, president of the two American
beet sugar associations, and his bride,
formerly Mile. Marie Pichon, maid of Mr.
Oxnard's sister-in-law, Mrs. Robert Ox
nard.
They were married in Paris November
15, but the marriage was not announced
until the Deutschland's arrival.
Says the Problem Is Easily Solved by Keeping the Ballast Tanks Always Full of
Water and Never Having Them , Only Partially Filled.
Sullivan Gets Decision.
CHICAGO. Dec. 7.— Tommy Sullivan of
Brooklyn obtained the decision over Billy
Ryan of Syracuse to-night at the Illinois
Athletic Club after six rounds of slow and
uninteresting fighting.
WOODLAND. Dec. 7.— The Sunday-Bchoolt
Workers' Institute, conducted by the California
Bunday-echool Association, 'will hold a two
days' session In Woodland next Monday an-1
Tuesday. Earl S. HinRham of San Jo«e in gen
eral secretary and Henry T. Plant of Saratoga
normal superintendent of, the association. .
TUCSON. Arizona. . Dec. 7.— The ¦ 150-ton
smelting plant of the Helvetia Copper Com
pany, thirty-live miles south of Tucson, v wu
burned this mornin&. Loss $100,000. partially
insured. Two hundreds and fifty men will be
thrown out of employment.
WASHINGTON. Dec. 7.-The President
to-day 'sent the following nominations, to
the Senate: Colonel J. F. Weston, assist
ant commissary general of subsistence." to
be commissary general of " subsistence,
with rank of brigadier general; Captain
Frank H. McKenna, Forty-seventh Infan
try, V. S. V. (first lieutenant Fifteenth In
fantry. U. S. A.), to be Inspector general
cf volunteers, with rank of major.
Nominations by President
DENVER. Dec, ".—One of the most bril
liant meteors which has ever, been seen
in Denver passed across the sky to the
west j this afternoon at 3:15 o'clock. '
The phenomenon was seen by several
persons in the Btreets and students in the
Chamberlain University in University
Park. The huge ball. of fire was almost
as bright "as : the sun, which was then
shining in a cloudless sky,' eo that if the
meteor bad passed- at, nieht- the whole of
the heavens would have been illuminated.
Although of tremendous size the meteor
passed without noise so that It must have
been at a very great height.
the Sun Visible in the
Ball of Fire Almost as Brilliant as
BRILLIANT METEOR
y r *¦ PASSES OVER DENVER
the Isthmus Without
Delay.
8AN DIEGO, Dec. 7.-Peremptory
orders from Washington will start the
battleship Iowa and the cruiser Philadel
phia to the south to-morrow afternoon at
5 o'clock. They were not going until Mon
day and the Farragut was to go with
them. With the peremptory orders to get
out the". two will leave the Farragut to
come later, after stopping here for coal.
The vessels will spend about two weeks
at Magdalena Bay at the annual target
practice, and the cruiser Philadelphia will
then go south to Acapulco and a week
later to Acajutla, the port of San Salva
dor. The Farragut will return to this
port from Magdalena Bay and the Iowa
will start back from Acajutla in time to
reach here by the 29th of the month. Ad
miral Casey will be here by that time to
receive the command of the Pacific
squadron on- the retirement of Admiral
Kautz. The cruiser Philadelphia will re
ceive further orders from Washington at
Acajutla.
Iowa and Philadelphia to Proceed to
WARSHIPS SUDDENLY
ORDERED SOUTHWARD
Cards at Sherry's for Army and
Navy Society.
NEW YOFK, Dec. 7.— Eight hundred
women sat this afternoon In the ballroom
at Sherry's and played progressive eu
chre for two. hours under the auspices of
the Army and Navy Society, which cares
for disabled volunteers and their families.
In addition to the players there were sev
eral hundred spectators. Playing began'
at 3 o'clock and continued for two hours.
There were less than a score of men
present, and most of them disappeared to
ward the close of the day. General Egbert
L. Vlele, president of the society, held his
ground, however, and afterward made a
speech, in which he expressed his appre
ciation of the efforts of the various com
mittees. On the platform were tempting
ly displayed seventy-four prizes, which in
cluded a piano, clocks, hats, plants, bric
a-brac and all varieties of fancy work.
.When the distribution of prizes was an
nounced the players, in their eagerness to
be in at the death, crowded upon the plat
form. General Viele found It necessary to
ask those" on the platform to step down,
as he feared it might give way beneath
their weight. The crowd, however, would
not budge. Then the bugle sounded
through the hall and Mrs. Richard Henry
Savage made an address which effectually
cleared the stage. Mrs. M. L. Botay was
then awarded the first prize, an upright
piano: the second, an oil painting, fell to
Mrs. Gourard.
Eight Hundred Society Women Play
PROGRESSIVE EUCHRE
FOR SWEET CHARITY
INVENTOR HOLLAND DISCLOSES SECRET
OF HIS WONDERFUL SUBMARINE CRAFT
an Election.
WASHINGTON'. Dec. 7.— A protest will
probably he fl'<*d against the seating of
Detonate Wilrox of Hawaii on the ground
that there was no authority for holding
an elertfon or Issuing a certificate of elec
tion. The protest is reported to come from
A. B. Loebensteln and A. N. Hepoika.
both natives of Hawaii. Neither protest
nor certificate ha* yet been received by
the clerk of the House.
:To Authority for Holding
FHOTFST^ AGAINST
SEATING OF WILCOX
Vativcs of Hcwaii Claim There Was
WASHINGTON. .Dec. 7.— In relation to
th* lynching In La Salle County. Tex., on
October 5. 1KO, of Florentine" Suaste a
Mexican citizen, the President in a special
message sent to the Senate to-day recom
mends that the Mexican Government be
paid $20fK> for the heirs of the victim. The
recommendation is made from motives of
humar.Sty and "without reference to the
Question of liability of the Government of
the United States."
to the Family of the
President Urges Payment of Money
INDEMNITY FOR THE.
HEIRS OF SUASTE
Committeemen. ,
WASHINGTON. Dec. 7.— The * Presby
terian committee or sixteen fo-day voted
f-eriatim on the five propositions submit
ted fcy various members, having for their
object the revision of or a supplemental
statement 10 the confession of faith
The outcome of the voting and accom
jr>anj ing - disruption wns the formation of a
combined resolution embodying as nearly
as possible the individual views- of the.
members. The vote on this proposition
*-Ill be taken to-morrow. The proposition
adopted by the committee at this session,
will be subjected to alteration or change
at a subsequent meeting to be held before
the General Assembly convenes In May.
bodying Individual Views of
Form a Combined Resolution Em-
PRESBYTERIANS VOTE
ON REVISION OF FAITH
WASHINGTON. Dec. 7.-The Commis
Fioner from Porto Rico, Mr. F. Degetau,
recently ek-cted by t^e people of the
!. c !and to represent them In Congress and
in Washington generally, is expected to
arrive in a few days. He is designated in
the law as a "resident commissioner,"
;ind is to receive a salary of $5000 an
nually. On niing his credentials with the
State Department he is to receive official
recognition by all departments. There is
no provision for his admission to the
floor of the House or for participation In
debates, similar to the provision for Dele.
gates from Territories. It is expected,
however, that he will advise and assist
committee? concerning Porto Rican legis
lation, and steps may be taken to admit
him to the P.oor.
but May Assist Com
mittees.
COMMISSIONER FROM
POETO RICO'S STANDING
Has Neither Seat Nor Voice in House,
The Instructions to again protest, which
were addressed to Minister Hunter, were
. based on advices received at the State
Department to-day from Mr. Hunter. He
reported that May had not been Impris
oned, but was prevented from leaving
Guatemala under a law which forbids a
debtor from leaving- the republic without
paying his obligations or leaving some
responsible representative to settle them.
The department had learned that May
had executed power of attorney in favor
of Mr. Ku<:ua.
WASHINGTON. Dec. 7.— The Secretary
of State sent to-day by telegraph another
provisional demand for the release from
restraint of R. II. May, the American
railway contractor who recently secured
a:i award of (110,000 against the Govern
ment of Guatemala, and was prevented
from leaving that country on the ground
that he had not paid certain debts.
structions to Minister Hunter
at Guatemala.
Secretary of State Sends Further In-
ANOTHER DEMAND FOB
THE RELEASE OF MAY
Henry Scott of the I'nlon Iron Wo r ki
of Far. Francisco saia to-nipht that in a
conversation with him to-day ilr. Cramp
told him he had succeeded in enlisting
Engiif-h capital and had practically closed
¦ deal fnr tho purchase of the Midvale
¦rerfcl with the intention of manufactur
ing armor and ev-»a guns, so the firm
w>uM be able to tur.i over to the Govern
ment ships complete in every detail.
The representative of a European firm
cf shipbuilders said to-nipht that articles
of »malgamation. formal and specific In
character, received the necessary final
in Klorence. Italv, about a
week ago.
Charles H. Cramp, president of the
Cramp company of Philadelphia, yester
day gave »o certain newspapers the state
ment that his concern was seeking to es
tablish relations «rtcli armor manufactur
ing firms, gunmakfrs and others so that
the Cram;> company could turn out not
only battlephir.^. but battleships complete
in every .def.i' of :irmament and equip
ment and ready for action in war.
WASHINGTON; Dee. ".—It is reported
on the authority of the chief leader in the
movement on this Fide of the Atlantic
that the amalgamation of all large build
ers of war vessels, in the United States
and the principal shipbuilding nations of
Kuropc has been accomplished within the
j.ast few day*.
Be<?n Accomplished 'Within
Last Few Days.
Leader in the Movement Says It Has
AMAIX5AMATION OF
, BIG SHIP-BUILDERS
/Troubles in Bulgaria.
' A special from Vienna, says: - The resig
nation of the Bulgarian Cabinet, presided
over by MM. Ivanschoff and Radoslavoff, '
Is regarded, in political circles here ns very
be'rious and a very important event. ; The :
Cabinet and the Sobranje are In such per
fect harmony that It seems as if there is
nothing left for the Prince but to estab-'
llsh a military dictatorship under his fa
vorito. General Patrikoff . as the Sobranje
is very unlikely to vote the budget for, any
new ministry. The Prince is farxfrom be
ing popular with his subjects, and as. M. :
Radoslavoff, the Minister of the Interior,
at the present moment the most promi
nent politician in Bulgaria, is said to have
been concerned in a bribery matter de
tected by Prince Ferdinand himself. It is
considered probable that the crisis will
cause serious difficulties for the Prince
and his regime.
It is raid that M. Radoslavoff demanded
120.000 francs commission on the contracts
for new hartor .works. This money. In
stead of being sent to the Minister, was
gent to Prince Ferdinand. Again, one of
the chief Government officials under M.
Radoslavoff received 200,000 francs as a
bribe for ordering a number of railway
locomotives in Brunswick. When the loco
motives arrived tl:ty_were found to be
completely useless.
Murderer Is Beheaded.
A special from Berlin says: August
Goenczl, the Hungarian who murdered a
wealthy widow named Schulz and her
daughter hero in 1S97.' was beheaded this
morning in the prison of Ploetsenze. The
murder was an atrocious one and was
committed lr the center of Berlin. The
murderer was ultimately traced to Brazil
through a pet dog and was arrested at
Rio Janeiro a year ago.
Capital punishment is so unusual here
that the execution attracted considerable
attention.
It was only yesterday that the Court of
Criminal Appeals confirmed the sentence
of death passed upon Goenczi. His vic
tims- were miserly persons," who were
known to have concealed large sums of
money In their house on Koenig-Graetzer
strasse. The trial of Goenczi was remark
able from the fact that he invented for
the purpose of his defense a man whom
he called' "Lowey" and persuaded a num
ber of persons that "Lowey" was in exist
ence and that he hnd seen him.
Play Causes a Riot.
A St. Petersburg special says: The first
performance yesterday evening of an anti-
Jewish play entitled "The Contraband-
ists" led to an extraordinary demonstra
tion. A portion of the audience, at first
angrily protested and then, hurled all
kinds of missiles atthe actors. Personal
conflicts followed and the performance
had to be stopped. . .: ••¦,^ ;.,.
Czar's Condition Satisfactory.^
A special from Livadia, European Rus
sia, says: The following bulletin was is
sued by the Czar's physicians this morn
ing; "The Czar passed the last twenty
four hours very well. Ills temperature
and his pulse normal and his condition
is very satisfactory."
British Army Estimates. j' • -; >;
The second supplementary estimate of
s-ixteen millions, issued this morning
makes the total army estimates for the
year £92.309.153.
LONDON, Dec. 7.— The Stratton's
Independence mine shareholders
to-day passed a vote of no confi
dence in the board of directors
after one of the stormiest city
meetings on record. The directors were
hissed and hooted and the words -scan
dalous" and "disgraceful" and accusations
of fraud were hurled broadcast. The Earl
of Chesterfield, who presided, received a
cablegram from John Hays Hammond,
the American engineer, asking him to an
nounce to the meeting that- Mr. Ham
mond's connection with the mine, dated
from after the shortage of ores was dis
covered. His Lordship proceeded to say
that a cable message received from State
Geologi&t Klcltard of Colorado, dated Oc
tober 20. conveyed the first Intimation of
serious misrepresentation on the part of
the old management In regard to the value
of ores. This was not published because
it was vague and incomplete, but had the
directors had any, conception of the fore
shadowed discrepancy of $12,000,000. a's
shown in the subsequent report of Mr.
Hammond: dated/ November 24, they
would certainly have made Mr. Rickard's
statement public. ,
Mr. •Kickd.ru made a personal explana
tion at the meeting and a long and ani
mated discussion, marked by wild, disor
der and mucn execration, followed. Chaos
reigned, amidst which the great mass of
shareholders left. Lord Chesterfield then
declared, the report carried, though- tho
meeting had previously voted to postpone
its consideration for two months.
Hammond's Expose of the Ore Shortage in a Colorado Mine
Causes Dupes to Vent Their Indignation.
will probably lx* pa«si>d. The bill for ft
Government cal>!o has already passed the
Senate.
The revenue cutter reorganization bill
proposes t" pta«e the ofiieers of that serv
ice or. practically tho name basis as offl
<»>rf: of the army and navy in respect to
r?tirrmmt and pay. It has been favor
ably reported in both houses and is sup-
Parted by the administration.
CALL BUREAU. 1406 G STREET. Iff.
V\\. WASHINGTON. Dec. 7.-Determined
efforts are to be made to pass the Pacific
cable hill soer. after the Christmas holi
days.
Tne present programme of the House
Committee on Interstate and Foreign
Commerce is to have three dnys eet apart
for consideration of bills report ed from
that cuir.mlttw. If this can be done the
Pacific caMe bill and the bill for the re
crganizatiun of the revenue cutter service
enj pome minor measures reported from
the committee will b»> called up. The ma
jority of the committee has reported a bill
providing for th«» construction of a cable
by the uov. rnment. Advocates of a nri
\ate cable will make a light for thoir bill,
but the iiovrrnment cable Is believed to
have more Bupporten in the House end
Spectal Dispatch to The Call.
That the Cable Be Owned
by the Govern-
Majority of Members of House Favor
Effort to Have It Brought
Up Immediately After
Holidays
EARLY HEARING
FOR CABLE BILL
colored Artie*-.
WASHINGTON. Dec. 7.— The House to
day passed the; Grout oleomargarine bill
by a vote of 196 to 92. The substitute of
fered by the minority of the Committee
en Agriculture, which imposed additional
restrictions on the sale of oleomargarine
to- prevent its fraudulent sale as butter
nnd increased the penalties for violations,
was defeated by a vote of 113 to 178.
The bill as passed makes all articles
known as oleomargarine, butterine. imi
tation butter or Imitation cheese trans
ported into any State or Territory for
consumption or sale subject to the police
power of such State or Territory, but pre
vents any State or Territory from forbid
ding tho transportation or . sale of such
product when produced or sold free from
coloration in imitation of butter. The bill
increases the tax on oleomargarine col
ored in Imitation of butter from 2 to 10
cents per pound and decreases the . tax
on oleomargarine uncolored from 2 cents
to a quarter of a cent per pound.
A long and Interesting debate preceded
the vote, in the course of which those
who favored the Grout bill claimed the
additional tax on colored oleomarg irine
was the only effective remedy for pre
venting fraud upon the public, while those
who opposed it contended that fraud
would be prevented by the substitute and
that the real -purpose of the Grout bill
¦was to destroy the oleomargarine Indus
try.
•Chairman Payni* of the Ways and Means
Committee reported the war revenue re
duction bill. He gave notice that he would
rail up the bill after the disposition of
the legislative appropriation bill, prob
ably on Tuesday. On account of the cen
tennial-exercises in the House on Wednes
day it was- agreed that the sessiork'on that
day should begin at 3:15 o'clock, and at
5:55 o'clock the House adjourned.
Representative Taylor of Ohio, who was
prominently identified with the movement
to exclude Brigham Roberts of Utah from
a Beat in Congress, to-day introduced a
measure intended to bring about Federal
prohibition of polygamy. It proposes a
constitutional amendment for uniform
laws on marriage and divorce. Mr. Tay
lor says, however, that his aim goes con
siderably beyond a mere uniformity of
such laws »nd is expressly designed to
reach polygamy and put an end to it. He
regards this form of remedy as the most
effective and far-reaching.
When Colored to Imitate Butter
and Reduces It on Un-
Increases the Tax on the Product
House Favors the Measure
Introduced by Repre
sentative Grout.'
OLEOMARGARINE
BILL PASSES
Mr. Teller contended that If the United
States desired to build the canal it should
proceed to do so without trying to secure
the consent of Great Britain. He said
that the opinion of Secretary Hay that
the abrogation of the Clayton-Bulwer
treaty was necessary as a preceding per
formance after all was only the opinion
of one man; then he quoted from public
documents in which former Secretaries
of State had differed in their opinions In
this respect. He also showed that in some
Instances there had been breaches of the
Clayton-Bulwer treaty. He quoted Secre
tary Evarts as sayine that the guaran
tee of neutrality is aWk thing, while the
question is unsettled, and quite another
when the canal shall be opened to the
interests, ambition and cupidity of the
commercial nations, and Is occupied by
populations of foreign allegiance and dis
cordant habits. ¦ - , t
"The United States shall be at liberty
to maintain such military forc« along the
canal as may be necessary to protect It
against lawlessness and disorder."
The Colorado Senator's amendment pro
vides for the striking out of the rlrst
ser.tence of this provision and for verbal
changes in the remaining portion, making
it read as follows:
"No fortifications shall be erected com
manding the canal or the waters adjacent.
The United States, however, shall be at
liberty to maintain such military police
along the canal as may be necessary to
protect it against lawlessness and dis
order."
Senator .Teller spoke, for about two
hours, giving notice of his amendment at
the beginning of his address. The amend
ment suggested relates to section 7 of
article 2 of the treaty. As that section
;iow stands it reads- as follows:
Senator Lodge did not ask to have a
dale fixed for a vote on the treaty itself;
believing that tho fate of the measure
will be determined by the result of the
vote on the amendment.
An agreement for a vote on the com
mittee amendment was secured soon af
ter, the executive session began. It was
reached by unanimous consent at a re
quest made by Senator Lodge.
An agreement on the part of the Sen
ate to vote on the amendment offered by
the Committee on Foreign Relations, pro
viding for the policing of the canal, on
next Thursday at 3 o'clock.
An amendment offered by Senator Tei
ler Finking out the treaty prohibition
against the fortification of the Nicaragua
canal when constructed.
The conclusion of Senator Morgan's
speech. V*'. ':¦?.
A speech by Senator Teller in opposi
tion to the treaty. ¦
The developments in the executive ses
sion In connection with the Hay-Paunee
fote trtaty were:
WASHINGTON. Dee. 7.— No business of
importance was transacted by the Senate
to-day in open session. Practically the
entire legislative day was consumed by
an executive session.
Teller Offers Amendment Striking
Out Prohibition Against Forti
fication of the. Canal When
Completed.
Senate Discusses Measure
in Executive
Session.
ARGUMENTS ON
CANAL TREATY
The following Californians are In New
York: From San Francisco — K. H.
Laves at Broadway Central: H. Tillson
at Bartholdi: C. A. Buckley at Savoy;
J. Dubois at St. Denis; Miss Frank. Mrs.
W. Frank at Netherlands; Henry T. Ox
nard and wife at Albermarle; Misses
Johnston at Savoy. From Los Angeles —
W. R. "Greene at Park Avenue: C. H.
Jones at Broadway Central.
Naval officers are looking forward to
the voyage to Majilla that has been or
dered by the Navy Department for the
little tusc Wompatuck. which has been do
ing service in the Brooklyn navy yard for
some time. The order came as a surprise
to the officers in the yard. If she com
pletes the long trip it will be the first
time on record that -to small a tug has
been able to do so. As to the general
purpose or specific reasons for sending
the Wompatuck to Manila naval officers
in the yard confess complete ignorance. It
was generally believed that the tusr ¦would
leave the yard this week, but inquiry re
vealed the fact that ohe Is not expected,
to go until Sunday. Lieutenant Com
mander F. II. Sherman Is nominally in
charge, but when the tug sails she will
also have on board Lieutenant F. R.
Bralnard. The Wompatuck will go first
to Norfolk, then to Bermuda, The 'Wom
patuck will then follow out an Itinerary
which will take her to Medeira, thence to
Gibraltar and other Mediterranean ports,
to the Suez canal and Hed Sea. across the
Indian Ocean, touching at Bombay. Cal
cutta and Sumatra.
Refuses Federal Office. "?
Joseph Manley of Augusta. Me., of tho
Republican National Committee, will not
accept the office of Commissioner of In
ternal Revenue to succeed the late Com
missioner Wilson even if the place Is of
fered to him. Mr. Manley reached hem
last night and to-day he will go to "Wash
ington to see the President.
"The place has not been offered me."
said- Mr. Manley In answer to questions,
"and I could not take it if It were. I
am a member of the Maine Legislature
and I am to be Speaker of the lower
house. I told my friends last summer that
I would be a candidate for the speaker
ship and I am going to stand by that
promise. There is no opposition to me.
The State constitution of Maine prohibit*
any one from holding a State and Federal
office at the same time." .
Californians in New York.
.'•These colors," said Mr. Allen. "hav«
been manufactured In the United States
for nearly a century and in Eu
rope during a much longer period. They
are made from mineral and other earth
products and are used more or less In al
most every Industry throughout tht»
¦world. Besides supplying this country
these products are sent to Spain, Cuba,
Porto Rico, Canada and some of the Ej
ropean countries. As the businesses ar<»
now conducted the competition is very
great. Very low prices are made awl
sometimes adulterations have been raaflii
in the materials, which In some cases
have not been satisfactory to the consum
ers.
Long Voyage of a Tug.
Negotiations for a consolidation of man
ufacturers of dry colors in this country,
which were first taken i:p some time ajit>.
have been renewed and a meeting ha.-»
been called for December 20 to consider
the matter of perfecting plans.- Orvllle
P. Allen, in an Interview, says that the
consolidation is well under way.
NEW YORK. Dec. 7.— Dr. Angel Bel
linzaghi. a young 1 "specialist, whose treat
ment of the sufferers or yellow fever re
cently attracted much attention in Mexico,
is in the city on his way to Brazil. Dr. Bel
linzaghi has been offer eti the $100,000 prize
ret aside by the Mexican Government for
the discovery of a serum that would cure
yellow fever, but he says he is unwlllin?
to accept the prize on the terms proposed
by the Mexican Government, and h«s
is ready to give all sufferers from th»
dread disease the benefit of his cure. Al
though Dr. Bellinzaghi spent only two
months in. Mexico he treated about fifty
cases of the yellow fever and effected
cures In 85 per cent of these. Ho
said that he would remain in New York
about a week und that he would return to
the United Sfates from Brazil early next
year. lie is accompanied here by R. L-
Summerlin of San Antonio. Texas, near
which city he expects Voon to establish a
laboratory for the manufacture of th<?
serum, which has attracted the favorablu
attention of the Mexican authorities.
Color-Makers to Combine.
However, the Specialist Xteclares S«
Is Willing to Benefit All Suffer
ers With His Wonderful
Serum.
Young Dr. BellinzagM Re
fuses to Sell His Secret
to Mexico.
DISCOVERS CURE
FOR YELLOW JACK
ACCUSATIONS OF FRAUD ARE HURLED
BY EXCITED LONDON SHAREHOLDERS
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY; DECEMBER 8, 1900.
PRINCE FERDINAND OF BULGARIA, WHO MAY ESTABLISH A MIL
ITARY DICTATORSHIP UNDER, HIS FAVORITE, GENERAL. PATRI
KOFF. THE PRINCE IS NOT POPULAR WITH HIS SUBJECTS.
NEW TORK. Dec. 7.— Gerome Edwardy,
the actress whom a jury declared to have
been intimate with Henry Goodman Well,
employed A. H. Hummel to-day to move
to reopen the divorce case against Weil
in which the declaration was made s<o
she can vindicate her character. Tn?
jury also found that Clarlsse Agnew, now
the wife of Daniel B. Reed of Chicago,
sustained similar relations with Weil.
Miss Edwardy further told Mr. Hummel
to sue Mrs. Well for defamation of char
acter. She subsequently said:
"It Is outrageous that I should be treat
ed so. I live In \ Paris and I came here
several weeks ago for the express pur
pose of appearing to defend myself
against the charges made in this case. I
think it was real mean for Mr. Weil not
to have come to the front for Miss Agnew,
now Mrs. Reed, and myself when he knew
the charges were .fa.Ise, but, of course, I
know he wanted to have the divorce
granted. ¦ •
"I did not expect the case to be on for
weeks. I am anxious to take the witness
stand, feeling sure the public will take
my word against these negroes who testi
fied. Weil called at. the flat four times,
but he always. had company with him.
The statements about what occurred In
the flat were all false. -Why a jury of
twelve white -men allowed a couple of
neeroes to condemn two women without
giving them an opportunity to be heard is
more than I can understand."
Figured.
Applies for Reopening of Weil Di
vorce Case, in Which She ¦-&;?'
GEROME EDWARDY SEEKS ,
TO VINDICATE HERSELF
The most artistic shapes and beautiful
designs are shown in all sizes of. moldings
and ready-made frames this fall. At no
other time was the . variety of ; framing
material. Including mat boards in tones to
match, so extensive and at such reason
able prices. Sanborn, Vail & Co. 741
Market street." '.'¦•¦
Artistic Picture Frames.
.NEW YORK, Dec. 7.-A report from, St.
Luke's Hospital late to-night said that
physicians were performing an operation
upon Actor Roland Reed and that his con
dition was critical. This is , the third
operation which the actor has undergone.
Operation on Koland Reed.
4 ' lombia.
KINGSTON, Jamaica, Dec. 7.— The Brit
ish steamship Loulslanlan! from Colon to
day, reports, that \ the British : gunboat
Pheasant arrived at Panama recently and
left that port without "any important ¦ in
cident. , The Pheasant was sent to Investi
gate the seizure of the British: steamship
Taboga by the Colombian authorities. - It
is believed -the , Taboga matter will be set
tled- by^ the payment! of an -indemnity to
the Pacific Navigation Company, the own
ers of the vessel. '„•¦-- •
"¦• Fighting ls.proceedlng at Buenaventura.
The Colombian Government has, not suc
ceeded in dislodging the rebels at the port,
who still hold strong positions. ¦ u ; ;
. - . . . ' m ¦ ', ¦..-..
Historic Belies Destroyed.
, Cherbourg;; Dec 7.— A- fire, at, the ar
senal : has /destroyed . several s. workshops
and a number of historical relics. Includ
ing Napoleon's launch. The damage done
is estimated at: 2.000,000 francs.
Pheasant Investigating , the • Seizure
of the Taboga at Co-
Sky.
ment.
2
To Cure a Cold in One Day
Tike Ltxati™ Bromo Quinine Tablets. All
cnreirtp refund th« money U It fails to cure.
E. W. Crove'a elrnatare la on each box. 25c. *
FAN DIEGO, I>c. ".—The Kosmcs ftteamer
Hatbcr •rrlved here thit afternoon from Ham-
burg. A!l on board are well.
WARNER'S REMEDIES.
B Gentlemen: — Eight years ago I suffered greatly with fl^^^^^^^^^^^^L^^w^f ra
G kidney trouble. I consulted several physicians but their ii^^^^^^^^SSsL^^yi Eft
H medicines did me no good. A friend of mine in the drug j^^^ i^^^S^^re^^^^j^f ,M '
£3 business suggested that I try Warner's Safe Cure. I fol- 19
H lowed the suggestion and after using a couple of bottles m
19 I noticed a slight improvement. I continued its use for M)l fa
h about eighteen months and am happy to say that it W/ l 'l\^l^lS^^^^K^^» H
H ¦ completely pured me. I have waited " several years be- wt ft'^^^^^^^l^S {a
m fore giving, this testimonial in order to see if my cure i/jfvS |( lll&fijg^^HALFMOON BAY, Oct. 7.— A curious
natural phenomenon is to be seen near
Crystal Springs lake. Out of a depression
three or four feet in depth and about
forty feet long and twenty wide, smoke is
constantly issuing from several spots. It
arises from fires in the earth. Thl3 burn-
Ing has continued for several months
without intermission and it may have
been caused by fire communicated to a
mass of decayed leaves and grass that
have become covered with earth.
Smoke Issues From the Ground.
Last April Owens shot and Instantly
killed Ed Hale at the door of a house on
the Lytton Springs property. Owens
had quarreled wth the women of the
house during a previous visit. Upon nis
return he found Hale at the door. Hale
refused to admit him. He then fired
through the wooden door, killing Hale.
Owens was tried in the Superior Court
of this county, his plea being insanity.
He was found guilty of murder In the
first decree and was sentenceu to be
hanged on October 2.
Since that time Owens has been In San
Quentin awaiting the action of the Su
preme Court. He has shown signs of In
sanity. He has a hallucination that he is
one of Christ's disciples.
SANTA ROSA. Dec 7.— In the case of
the People vs. Thomas P. Owens, charg
ed with the murder of Edward Hale at
Lytton Springs last April, the Supreme
Court of this State has ordered the sub
mission of the case in department set
aside. The case is set for argument in
bank on January 14. 1901.
of the Slayer of Edward
Hale.
Date Set for Ajrg-ument on the Appeal
SUPREME COURT TO HEAR
OWENS MURDER CASZ
¦ MONTEEET. Dec 7.— Officers for the ensu
ing year have Just been elected by Monterey
Lodce No. 217. F. and A. M. They are: H.
A. Olmsted. W. M. : W. E. Parker, S. W. ;
George W. Eckhardt, J. W. ; A. A". Manuel,
treasurer; William Kay. secretary.
Mr Hoover represents large British
mining interests in the Celestial empire
and is chief engineer of the Imperial De
partment of Mines in China.' Both he and
his wife are Stanford University gradu
ates and were prominent in the fraternal
and other social life of their alma mater.
MONTEREY. Dec. 7.— Mr. and Mrs. H.
C. Hoover of Tientsin, China, left for San
Francisco yesterday, whence they will sail
at once for Yokohama. Japan. Mr. and
Mrs. Hoover were in Tientsin during the
memorable siege of that place by the
Boxers last July, but escaped and re
turned to America via England. They
have been in Mcnterey for the past week
visiting! Mrs. Hoover's parents, Mr. and
Mrs. C. D. Henry, and now go to Yoko
hama to await a settling of affairs in
China so that they may safely return to
Tientsin.
Mr. and Mrs. H. C Hoover Resolve
to Go Back to China.
.WILL RETURN TO TTENTSIN.
Pensions issued: California: Original-
Edward H. Mann, Los Gatos, $12: Hugh
Armstrong, Veterans' Home, Napa, $6:
John Mornn. Represa. $8; T. T. Thomas
Rirevart (dead), Modesto. JS. Renewal-
Lorenzo Mesertn, San Francisco, $6. In
crease—Brown Rawles, Penryn. $10. Orig
inal widow— Maryland Wlntersteen. Wood
land. $8. .,
Washington: Original— Ellsha S. Cal
lendar, Seattle, $6. Increase— James
Burchem, Green Lake, $8; Anderson S.
Bush, Bay Center. $12; William W. Nich
olas, Orting. $10. Original widow— Martha
Knox, Tamplco, $8.
The United States Civil Service Com
mission announces an examination Feb
ruarv 5. 1901, for immigrant Inspector and
for Japanese Interpreter in the Immigra
tion service at San Francisco.
Postmasters commissioned: California—
John W. Moore. Undine. Oregon — Thomas
C. Wheeler, Saglnaw; William C. E>alton.
Tule Lake.
"WASHINGTON. I>ec. 7.— Postofflce es
tablished: California— Amsterdam. Mer
ced County, William M. Little.
INTERESTS THE COAST.
sions Granted.
Postofflce Changes and List of Pen-
Taylor, charged with having assaulted
Professor D. E. Martin with a buggy
whip on a crowded street during the
Agricultural Fair, was acquitted by a
Jury this evening. The Jury wa3 out two
hours before an agreement was reached.
When It returned the verdict favorable
to Mrs. Taylor she arose and thanked the
jurors for the consideration they had
shown her.
Justice Brown's courtroom was too
small to accommodate the throng that
gathered to hear the testimony of Mrs.
Taylor. The defendant said on the wit
ness stand that she struck Professor
Martin but twice, and only after he had
harassed her to a point of intense excite
ment by "laughing In her face" and by
whirling his horse around so that she
was obliged to step out of the way In
order to avoid the animal's heels. She
said she took the whip from the socket
of her brother's buggy and drew It
through her hands, debating whether she
should strike the professor, but put It
back. Professor Martin again laughed,
and she Immediately took the whip and
struck him twice, saying as she did so:
"I have been waiting for this."
Mrs. Taylor declared that Professor
Martin had harassed her repeatedly, and
his actions toward her had so preyed
upon her mind as to bring about a state
of Intense nervousness. ,
John S. Taylor followed his wtfe on the
witness stand. He told of two occasions
when Professor Martin whistled at him
on the street.
Other witnesses, mostly relatives of
Mrs. Taylor, swore that Professor Mar
tin whirled his horse around to annoy
Mrs. Taylor.
The prosecution introduced a number
of witnesses In rebuttal. Mr. McCorkle
declared that Mrs. Taylor walked delib
erately up to Professor Martin and slash
ed him with the whip. W. T. Hurt tes
tified that he had seen Mrs. Taylor walk
behind Professor Martin on the street
and shake her fist at him.
Professor Martin was again called to
the stand, and said that he had always
acted as a gentleman toward the Tay
lors and had avoided them rather than
court trouble.
The argument to tb« jury occupied
most of the afternoon.
SANTA ROSA. Dec. 7.— Mrs. John S.
Declares She Horsewhipped Professor
Martin After He HadrAnnoyed
Her Beyond All En
durance.
Special Dispatch to The CalL
DEFENDANT TELLS HER STORY
Acquit the Banker's Wife.
ol the cnarge of .'¦
Assault
JURORS RULE
IN FAVOR OF
MRS. TAYLOR
While on the Colombian coast, ' the
Hathor had an experience with the revo
lutionists, who, according to the ideas
gained by the officers while there, are
rapidly gaining the ascendency over the
Government troops. |Though the steam
ship did not touch atfPanama. the officers
were informed at Acapulco that the re
bels were having everything their own
way there and that they had killed more
than 700 of the Government's 8oldiers and
would have kept up the slaughter If the
commanaer of a British gunboat and the
British Consul hau not interfered to stop
it. •
The steamer had freight for Buena Ven
tura, which is located a little way up the
river - from the coast. The rebels - had
Invested the town and declared a block
ade. They had possession of both banks
of the river between the city and the sea,
and when the Hathor started up the
river she was stopped by a solid shot
across her bows and compelled to turn
back under penalty of being fired on.
Captain Voss was compelled to land the
freight intended for Buena Ventura at
Corinto, as the shipping directions had
been to land it at the nearest point to the
place of destination.
SAN DIEGO, I>ec. 7. — The steamship
I-Iathor of the Kosmos line arrived this
afternoon from the South, being ten days
behind the date of her expected arrival.
She was delayed because of inability to
qulcky. discharge and take-on cargo at the
Central and South American ports. She
brings 7114 sacks of silver ore from An
tofagasta, for trans-shipment to Pueblo
and 400 sacks of nitrate from Chill for
this port. , .
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Vessel Carries Freight for Buena
Ventura," but Is Forced to
Put It -Ashore at
» Corinto.
THREATEN TO BOMBARD HER
Colombian Revolutionists
Turn Back the Kosmos
Liner.
SHOT ACROSS
HER BOW STOPS
THE HATHOR
Keswick's Dark Day.
KESWICK, • Dec. 7.— Keswick smoke,
mixed with a heavy tog, has made i this
the darkest day the town has ever known.
PORTLAND, Or., Dec 7.— C. J. Reed
and F. Wolff were to-day appointed re
ceivers for the "Wolff & Twicker Iron
Works of this city. The Wolff & Zwicker
Works built the torpedo-boat destroyer
Goldsboro, which is now on Puget
Sound ¦preparing for her official ' trial
trip ¦ The receivership is the \result of
attachment suits-brought by Seattle and
Chicago firms for amounts aggregating
160 C00. It Is announced that the receiv
ership Is a friendly one. and is brought
for the purpose of enabling the firm to
continue business until $40,000 duo -from
the United States Government on the de
stroyer Goldsboro be obtained.' ¦;••:;:;,'
Receiver for Iron Works.
HANFOBD, Dee. 7.— Rose Ide, a woman
86 years old, who came from San . Fran
clsco t wo weeks ago to work for B. K.
Sweetland In Lemoore as a domestic, was
found dead In. bed on Thursday morning.
The Coroner's Jury brought in a verdict
that death was caused by fatty degenera
tion of the heart. The woman was sent
to Lemoore by Mrs. S.' Davlsof 613 How
ard street, San Francisco, who conducts
an employment bureau. The Coroner tel
egraphed to Mrs. Davis that Rose Ide was
dead and received an answer telling him
to hold the body until rich relatives of tho
dead woman were found. •
Found Dead in Bed.
It Is a well-known fact that oil lamps
give a more soft and steady^ light than
gas or electric lights, and are therefore
better to read by. A fine line of ] orna
mental as well as useful ones can be seen
at Sanborn. Vail & Co.'s,741 Market street.
In this department are also shown a fine
lot of brass and onyx tables.
Lamps Better Than Gas.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
BUISUN, Dec. 7.— Coroner McDonald
held an inauest here to-day over the
bodies of J. Ahem. E. McGovern. J. Blu
mern. H. Kernohan and J. Hughes, who
were killed In the railroad wreck near
Vanden station on Tuesday. District At
torney Devlin was present at the in
auest. The examination of witnesses last
ed three hours and the Jury deliberated
for two hours before returning, a verdict
to the effect that the men came to their
deaths on December 4 in Solano County by
a collision of trains No. 1722 and 201 near
Vanden station, caused by the careless
ness of the Southern Pacific Company.
The evidence was of a contradictory na
ture. Conductor Steele declared that he
made an Inquiry regarding delayed freight
train No. 201, which collided with .his
work train, walker, the night operator
at Suisun, who gave Steele orders on
Tuesday morning, denied this, and O. R.
Sheppa. the agent at Suisun. rvho relieved
Night Operator Walker, also denied hav
ing had any conversation with Steele re
specting train No. 201. Steele was recalled
and repeated that he asked where and
how late No. 201 was. He took thlj* pre
caution, as he had narrowly escaped hav
ing had a mlxup with a freight train the
previous morning.
Moore H. Glass, traveling conductor, at
tempted to show that Steele had disobeyed
the rules of the railroad. Steele main
tained that the Information he asked for
regarding No. 201 should have been given
to him. '
LIFE IMPRISONMENT
FOR- JEFF DOBBIN^
Slayer of Ed Ball at Vacaville Con-
victed of First Degree
Murder.
SUISUN. Dec. 7.— The trial of H. Jeff
Dobbins for the murder of Ed Ball in Vac
aville last August was begun before Judge
Buckles in the Superior Court on Tuesday
and was submitted to the Jury yesterday
afternoon. After having been out twenty
six hours the jurors reached a verdict this
evening. Dobbins was found guilty of
murder in the first degree, with the pen
alty fixed at life imprisonment. For sev
eral hours three Jurors held out for hang-
In?, eight for life Imprisonment and one
for manslaughter. • '
The crime for which Dobbins must spend
the remainder of his life In prison was
the killing of Ed Ball over a game of
cards. The shooting was undoubtedly
without provocation and the victim was
unarmed.
LOS ANGELES FIBM FAILS.
LOS AXGELES, Dec. 7.— Max Meyberg
& Co., one of the oldest firms. In this
citji, made an alignment for the benefit
of their creditors this morning. The lia
bilities are $78,000; the assets, nominally
$100,000. The assignment was made to a
committee, composed of H. W. Hellman
and S. Xordllnger of this city, W. P.
Morgan of San Francisco and Oscar
Strauss and A. W. Patterson of New
York, who represent Eastern creditors.
This committee will call a meeting of
creditors and make an amicable arrange
ment for the settlement of all claims.
With the exception of about $7500, the
indebtedness consists of borrowed money,
and the failure Is due to inability to pay
interest on 'loans.
Max Meyberg Is known as the "father
of La Fiesta," and the news of the fail
ure Is received with much regret and
sympathy.
Redwood City Bazaar.
REDWOOD CITY, Dec. 7.— Society
turned out en masse to-night to assist the
ladles of the Guild of St. Peter's Episco
pal Church In raising money with which
to pay off the debt of the rectory. The
guild Is attempting to increase its funds
by means of a bazaar, which to-night
opened most auspiciously and bids fair to
meet the highest expectations of those
In charge. The Interior of the rooms
has been tastily decorated, and candy,
chocolate, refreshment and fancy booths
are presided over by Redwood's fairest
daughters. Entertaining programmes
have also been prepared for to-morrow
afternoon and evening.
Prohibits a Bull Fight
PHOENIX, Ariz.. Dec 7.— Acting Gov
ernor Akers this evening Issued an order
prohibiting the Spanish bullfight sched
uled to occur next Monday, the opening
day of the Phoenix Cowboy and Indian
Carnival. Great preparations had been
made for the fight, bulls, matadors torea
dors, etc., having been brought from Mex
ico.
Safe-Crackers Scared Away.
COVELO, Dec, 7.— Robbers entered the
store of Kltelinger &. Hauck last night
and blew open their safe. Some noise In
the bouse, frightened them and they left
without obtaining, any booty. . To-day it
was found that they had drilled Into the
safe and the explosion had blown off both,
hinges of the door.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
CRESCENT CITY, Dec. 7.— Three weeks
have elapsed since the strange disap
pearance of young Walter Brooking of
Smith River in the mountains in the
northern part of Del Norte County.
Though a constant search has been main
tained, on. trace of him has been discov
ered. That he is dead can scarcely be
doubted. The only theory that could
negative this presumption Is that possi
bly, from accident or, other cause, he be
came suddenly bereft of reason and wan
dered away into some remote region. His
familiarity with the topography of the
country for many miles around precludes
all Idea of his having become lost, If in
his proper mind. The territory through
which his course was directed, or over
which. ho would have roamed In quest of
game, has been so thoroughly examined
that further Investigation in that region
is regarded as useless.
The commonly accepted theory Is that
Brooking has been murdered, and that
his body has been buried, and that to
conceal the crime his dog, also, "was dis
patched and Its carcass secreted.
Two brothers of the missing man,
Harry and George Brooking, arrived by
the latest steamer from San Francisco to
join in the search. Their investigations
will, at first, be confined to a region not
far distant from the residence of Paul
Frederick, on Winchuck River, in which
locality two gunshots were heard by per
sons living further down the river the
day after that upon which Walter Brook
ing should have reached Frederick's
house.
Relatives and Friends of the Del Norte
County Huntsman Hold to the
Theory That He Was
Murdered.
SEARCHERS FAIL
TO FIND TRACE OF
WALTER BROOKING
Renders a Censuring Verdict in the
Inquest Over the Bodies of
Victims of the Suisun
Disaster.
CORONER'S JURY
BLAMES RAILWAY
FOR THE WRECK
Business houses kept lights burning
through the day. One could not see across
the street and men lost their way on
trails leading to the smelter. The dark
ness was almost that of night.
Murder Case.
SEATTLE, Dec. 7.— George falias Kid)
West, under sentence of five years for
burglary, was quietly taken from the
County Jail by Canadian officers to testify
in Dai-son against O'Brir-n. charged with
the murder of Clayson and others. This
action was tak^n with the consent of the
Governor, threo Superior Judges and the
Propecutinc Attorney. The Canadians
spree to return West after the O'Brien
trial. This action is said to have no pre
cedent .
George "West Taken From Jail at Se
attle to Testify in a Dawson
PRISONER LOANED TO
CANADIAN OFFICIALS
The Senator was rushed out Into the
front office, but in a few minutes Rea
broke away from those holding him and
was after his man. He rained blows right
and left on Shortridge. They struggled
toward the front doors, where Rea landed
a powerful blow on the Senator's mouth,
loosening several teeth and knocking him
against the front doors, shattering two
large panes of glass. Rea was about to
follow up this advantage, but the guests
of the place Interfered and separated the
decanter and attacked the Senator.
Shortridge threw his head to one side and
the heavy bottle struck him on the left
shoulder, knocking him from his chair.
According to Shortridgo. Rea then Jumped
upon him and kicked him on the leg and
the abdomen.
Those In the box Interfered and took
Rea off Shortridge. •
combatants. Shortridge then retired to
the parlor of the hostelry to dress his
wounds, arrange his tie and quaff a glass
of bromo seltzer to settle his nerves,
while Rea left the place, sought the Inner
ofllce of his real estate establishment and
retused to be Interviewed except at the
end of a telephone line.
Rea intimates that the trouble had Its
origin In his refusal to patronize Short
ridge's paper. The latter has recently
gone into oil ventures and friends of the
ex-boss assert that the latter's refusal
to buy oil stock and to loan Shortridge
$100 inspired the article criticizing Rea's
management of the Union Savings Bank.
Rea is much the larger man and had his
blow with the decanter struck Shortridge
on the head it probably would have
crushed the skull. Friends* of both men
predict further trouble.
Entering the hotel the editor found
Rea at luncheon In a box with W. J.
Leet. Mr. Hornbeck of Gilroy and A. H.
Holman. In an adjoining box was Senator
Louis Oneal, David Hogan of San Fran
cisco, Supervisor Paul P. Austin and Emil
Lamolle, and these were interested spec
tators of the trouble.
Shortridge took a seat at the end of the
table at which Rea was seated. The two
men passed the time of day in a pleasant
manner and then Shortridge inquired
about Union Bank affairs. He asked sev
eral questions concerning the doings of
the board of directors this morning. Rea
said they had sold some land near Fresno
for $1000. which sum would run the bank
for a month.
"You surely don't want it published that
It costs $1000 a month to run the bank?"
the doughty Senator asked.
The question enraged Rea. It was re
marked by some one present that $425 was
about the cost of conducting the bank for
a month, and Rea nodded assent. Rea
then angrily told the editor that he want
ed nothing published but the truth, and
that he did not like the article that had
already appeared. Shortridge made some
bantering remark, and Rea said he would
stop his publishing such stuff. The Sena
tor replied that the many newspaper men
who had roasted Rea were still alive and
that he could not be intimidated.
Shortridge was seated In a chair a few
feet away. His last remark so enraged
Rea that the politician grasped a heavy
A heavy glass decanter and two pairs of
fists were used. The row was the outcome
of an article published in the Evening
Herald on Wednesday evening criticizing
the management of the defunct Union
Savings Bank, of which Rea is president.
For the past two days rumors of an im
pending fight between the two have been
going around town, and it is said that last
night Rea was looking for Shortridge.
About noon to-day Shortridge called at
Rea's office to see the ex-boss and was
told the latter was in the Lamolle House,
a few doors away.
statesman received a swollen lip
and a sprained and bruised leg. Two
panes of glass In the front door were
shattered and a general commotion cre
ated. Rea emerged from the fight with
only the serenity of his temper jarrefl.
SAN JOSE, Dec. 7.— Senator Charles
M. Shortridge and James W. Rea
had a lively encounter In the La
molle "House at noon to-day. .The
This Is not the first outbreSk of Wil
!iam Seaton's temper or madness, but on
only one occasion previous to Thursday
did his temper rise to a point where mur
der was threatened. While the family
was living on a farm near Decatur, 111.,
he became involved in a quarrel with his
sister and drew a razor and attempted
to kill her. but she was saved by her
uncle, the man he murdered yesterday.
By direction of Prosecuting Attorney
McElroy. Dr. John B. Loughary will to
day make a careful examination of the
mind of the murderer. The date of the
Inquest will not be set until the fate of
the two little girls is known. Daniel
Richards is the only one of Seaton's vic
tims now dead. The Hobgood children
are hovering between life and death and
may pass away at any time. Hopes are
entertained for Myrtle's recovery If In
flammation does not set in. The doctors
refuse to abandon hope for Hazel, al
though It will be a miracle If she sur
vives. The skulls of both children were
crushed and It was necessary to perform
an exceedingly delicate operation.
Annie Seaton, the fourth victim of the
tragedy. Is resting easily and will re
cover. Her real name Is Mrs. Clark, but
as she and her husband separated, she
goes by her maiden name. She was mar
ried to Clark at Indianapolis In July. 189S.
Mrs. Mary Larkins, the mother of the
murderer, has not been told the details
of Seaton's crimes. She only know? of
the attack upon her daughter, and is con
tinually with the latter in the hospital.
Daniel Richards leaves an 11-vear-old son
at Everett, where his divorced wife lives
Lewis Seaton came to Seattle in July,
1S99. At that time his brother and uncle
were in Nebraska, but thev came on to
Seattle in October, followed shortly by
Mrs. Larkins and her daughter. Richards
was a carpenter and the two Seaton boys
have been employed in a local stave fac
tory. Lewis Seaton is 24 years of age and
the eldest of Mrs. Larkins' children. The
murderer will not be 21 until January.
The sister is a year younger.
SEATTLE. Dec. 7.— William A. Seaton.
the South Park murderer, sneers at the
theory that insanity caused him to crush
the skull of his uncle with an ax and
make the murderous attack upon his sis
ter and the two little Hobgood girls yes
terday afternoon. He says his temper,
which knows no bounds when it breaks'
from control, was the only impulse.. Of
the cause of his sudden anger he has
nothing to say. Seaton now expresses re
gret at his awful deed. He broke down
completely and cried when his brother.
Lewis G. Seaton, attempted to question
him as to the motive for the deed.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Prisoner Declares He Is Not Insane
and Attributes Sis Crime
to Ungovernable
Temper.
BREAKS DOWN IN HIS CELL
Two Girls Whose Skulls
the Murderer Crushed
Likely to Die.
LITTLE HOPE
FOR VICTIMS OF
SEATON'S RAGE
Farley was arrested on a charge of ex
hibiting a deadly weapon In a threatening
manner and with making threats against
her life. He was put ur.der heavy bones
and with difficulty obtained ball. The af
fair is creating mucn excitement here.
Mips Newman is a young woman of un
imoear hable veracity. Her home Is at San
Jose and she Is connected with some of
the best families of the Garden City. Sh*
if a graduate of Stanford and also of the
San Jose State Normal.
SALINAS. Dec. 7.— Plnkney G. Farley.
ex-Depiuy Sheriff of Monterey County, a
brother of Sheriff Farley, who was mur
dered here a year ago and one of the Far
ley brothers who at the commencement
of tbc Spanish war enlisted but refused
to be mustered into service and conse
quently was "drummed" out of camp at
thp Presidio, has been arrested at the In
stance of Miss Carrie Newman on a seri
ous charge. Farley is accused by Mis>s
Newman, a teacher In the Salinas High
School, of having borrowed a large sum
of money from her with which to conduct
his recent campaign for the shrievalty,
and the your.g woman declares that not
only did he refuse to pay it bark but that
he emphasized with a loaded pistol his
denial that he owed her the amount. The
story mieht never have leaked out but
for the fact that Miss Newman herself
borrowed the money to loan to Farley.
Beta* harassed by her creditors she was
competed to se*-k a?^l.-tance and the ad
vice of friends and Fariey's alleged double
dealing was exi>osod.
Farley, it is « harged. borrowed the
money to make the campaign for Sheriff .
but did not roct?ive the nomination. He
Promised to repay ht-r by September 1.
but failed to do so. When asked for the
money recently Farley flew Into a rase
and displaying a revolver, threatened
Miss Newman's life. He greatly fright
ened the young lady. Miss Newman sayj
that Farley threatened that if she did not
go with him to Rev. Mr. Phelps and deny
that she had loaned him the money he
would defame her in all the barrooms of
the city ar.d so blacken her character that
f=h*» would be t-orry she ever set foot In
Falinas. This scene, it is alleged, was en
acted in the Jeffrey House. Miss New
man's Ptorv is corroborated by Manager
Kd Jeffrev." Mi*? Newman was so badly
frishtened that she is now suffering frora
nervous prostration.
"I met Mr. Farley about a year agro."
?aid she to-day. "Since then there has
t.een nothing more than a casual ac
quaintance between us. One evening last
Aueust I was in the Bardin House, where
I boarded. Mr. Farley entered and asked
if he could see me privately. I hesitated
but finally consented to roeet him In th<*
readir.p-room on the second floor. While
there he said that he was about to enter
the campaign for the nomination for
Sheriff and asked me jf I could loan him
some money. 1 refused. Then he asked
if I could not borrow the money for him
from some of my friends, making It a
business proposition oy offering: me 12 per
cent Interest on money I could borrow at
C and 7 per cent. After some deliberation
I consented to borrow ..he money for him.
naturally supposing that one who was so
well known ae he must be honest. About
two week? ag:o I saw him again and at
that time I urged him to pay me part of
rr.y money, as the first payment would be
due my creditors on January 30. 19DL Ha
flew into a rape and threatened me with
a loaded revolver."
F^edal Dispatch to The Call.
G. Farley Threatened Her With
a Revolver When Dunned
for a Debt
Miss Carrie Newman Says Pinkney
YOUNG WOMAN CAUSES ARREST
Salinas Politician Gets Into
Law's Clutches on a
Serious Charge.
THREATENS
THE LIFE OF A
FAIR CREDITOR
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, DECEMBER 8, 1900.
Pursues Him to the Front Office and Continues the Attack Until
Spectators Step In and Separate Them.
Knocks Down the San Jose Editor With a Heavy Decanter in the
Dining-Room of the Lamolle House.
POLITICIAN "JIM" REA ASSAULTS
SENATOR CHARLES M. SHORTRIDGE
TWO WELL-KNOWN SAN JOSE POLITICIANS WHO HAVE RECENT
LY BECOME FOES AND WERE PRINCIPALS IN A LIVELY EN
COUNTER IN 'THE LAMOLLE HOUSE DINING-ROOM.
3
ADVEBTISEMEUTS.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
„ . a BiK « i« a non-poUonoxa
_ _<lflS»W"s < ]k!!ff remVdy for Gonorrbcea,
Oleet, Bprrmatorrhcra,
SSfSf oi£.nu££ « char* . or «nr lnflarom*-
Jutf trt Zn£Z*. • tion, I riution or clcera-
?r-Hrr.Tc»u eonutxm. tion -f ton coos mem-
grStTMtEiimsCHiyieuCa. b ™ a ~' *^^!!J£?
TJrlTfflll llllllffrM »"»• or 3bcttl«s, 0.73.
Vl|gg^v^B cizvdu test ca musst.
"I want the whole world to know what Dr.
Tirrcr* medicines have done for me." writes
Mrs. Helen Ilard^rovc. of Banzs. Knox Co., O..
-I had many of the ills of woman's life. My
lun^s and throat troubled me besides, and I had
rheumatism. About a year ato I had to give
up work I was bo bad. I bad heard so much
•£out your medicine I thought I would try It.
I took four botties of your 'Golden McdtcaS Dj»-
covf-ry ' and 'PfclieU.' and by the time I had taken
half of the first bottle I began to gala, and kept
on getting better. And now I have no more of
ir.y old aUmeirts and am entirely cored of rheu-
xn«ti«m. I feel like a new woman."
Dr. Pierce's Common Sense Medical
Adviser is sent free on receipt of stamps
to pay expense of mailing only. Send
21 one -cent stamps for the book in
paper covers, or 31 stamps for cloth
binding. Address Dr. R. V. Pierce, Buf-
falo, N. Y.
Accept no substitute for the * Discov-
ery." Ihere is nothing "just as good"
for weakness, nervousness and debility.
When a woman gives up it is because
she has goue to the utmost limit of
strength and endurance. It is a marvel
hon- trotaen will stagger on under the
daily household burdens when the whole
body is racked with pain.
For the nervous, run-down condition
which so ms.ny wooen experience, as a
result of overstrain in household cares,
there is no medicine can equal Dr.
Pierce's Golden Medical Discovery. It
strengthens the weak stomach by cur-
in? assesses of the organs of digestion
end nutrition. It pnruies the blood of
poisons which cause rheumatism and
other painful disease*. It nourishes the
nerves, and builds up the body with
•ound, healthy flesh.
There is no alcohol in * Golden Med-
ical Discox-ery" an^ **¦ k entirely free
f roni opium, cocaine and all other nar-
cotic*.
For a Cold in the Head.
Laxative Bromo-Qulnine Tablets. •
A well-known professor has made the fortu-
nate discovery that what has heretofore been
known as impotency or lost manhood is due to
paralysis of the nerves. As it requires a vig-
orous condition of the nerves to control the
muscles, the professor has found a .wonderful
power that instantly awakens the nerves and
thus restores complete muscular strength. He
says: The marvelous power exerted by recent
additions and improvements to my electric belt
and appliances induces i me . to , send' it : on 1 30
da ysV free trial, so certain: am' I' that it will
cure and that the wearer will gladly pay . the
small, price asked after the 80 days', trial.
To ¦ men who . have battered . their ! stomachs
with drugs I want them to exercise their judg-
ment and consider that electricity is the great-
est power on earth, Its unseen ' current ¦ puts
, I receive the most wonderful testimonials day
after day. Rev. S. B. Stephens of .Deny Sta-
tion, Westmoreland Co., Pa., says it cured him
of a terrible ' disease that had deprived him of
happiness." His nerves were In a bad condition
of weakness, but in three days after putting on
the belt and suspensory he felt wonderfully im-
proved and now has the full strength and vigor'
of every member of the body.
life and force Into whatever -It touches. The
constant, steady life extended by my new Elec-
tric Appliances gives Instant relief and never
fails to cure Rheumatism, Backache. Kidney
Troubles. Early Decay. Night Losses. Luck of
Nerve Force and Vigor, Nervous Debility, tn*
development and Lost Vitality. You may not
have faith in it now, but wear it for 30 days
and you will then realize why I have such con-
fidence in It as to send It to you on trial.
PROF. A. CHRTSTAL.
Do you remember "Peck's
Bad BoyP" Tlie tricks he
played on the groceryman and
the mbb«r hose he put In the
soup for macaroni and — why
of course, no one could ever
forget that boy. Well, Georg*
W. Peck, author of those fun-
niest of yarns and incidentally
at one time Governor of Wis-
consin, has taken up the pen
again to tell us about that
same boy — now grown up. The
Sunday Call will publish these
stories exclusively on this
coast. Next Sunday's issue
will contain the introductory
paper, which will give you an
idea of the good things to fol-
low.
0
G«o. X. Jobaaoa. Box 113. Painted Post. N".
T.. says that whll* b* never practiced excess
except when young h» found himself at 40 a
prematurely old man, bat the belt and suspen-
sory have completely restored him.
J. V. Bpeacer of. Graf ton. W. Va., says h«
¦pent hundreds of dollars In medicines and the
eld styles of electric belts so widely adver-
tised, but received no benefit. Althoush 58
years old and for 12 years a sufferer of lost
manhood my belt cured him sound and well
ar.d he Is now strong and vigorous.
A. Zahlhaus of Sharpsburr. Pa., wore my
belt and suspensory for unhealthy organs and
emissions and has regained perfect strength
and health.
Geo. R. Makley of Oneonta, N. T.. states that
after trying everything he could find without
any benefit he tried one of my belts and ap-
pliances and was cured of varlcocele, general
debility and lack of nerve force and vigor. He
gained- eight pounds In 35 days and would not
tske one hundred dollars for belt If he could
not get another.
John B. Bardsley of Gansison. Cola, says
the belt and suspensory have entirely cured
htm and he will gladly explain what his trouble
was to all who care to Inquire, aa he- la very
much enthused by his recovery.
S. L. Fry of Reddlny. Iowa, says the belt
saved his life and he will gladly tell other suf-
ferers his experience.
Thousands of others write In the samo grate-
ful manner, and should the reader desire to
write to any of these gentlemen please send a
stomp for reply.
Do not fall to write at ones to ProC A. Chrys-
tal. 1935 Postofflce Block. Marshall. Mich., aa
he Is anxious to have every man wear hU new
and marvelous belt and suspensory fir SO days
and try It fully before spending a cent for it.
Remember after giving the belt a. trial U you
are not perfectly satisfied return It to Hi It
cost* you nothlnr to try it.
Write to-day before you foxxat tt»
Marvelous Msrve Force Imparted by a New and Startling
Discovery— Every Weak, Nervous, or Enfeebled
Man Should Give It a test. I
Will Be Sent Free on Thirty Days Trial so fill May Experience the Wonderful
Sensation of Restored Vigor*-- Without Cost.
GIVES 11^% AND
¦ *A large attendance of club members as
sembled at the monthly meeting of the
Empire Gun Club Thursday evening in tha
Crocker building. Besides the regular rou
tine business orlicers for the ensulnsr year
were elected. The successful candidates
were: James P. Sweeney, president; R.
G. Guyett. vice president; J. B. Hauer
secretary and treasurer: II. D. Swaital/
manager: J. H. Durst, captain; V. J. Ljr
Motte. lieutenant captain: W. H. Lam
bert, serjeant-at-arms; J. B. Hauer. J. H
Durst and V. J. La Motte to represent the
club on the board of governors before tha
California Inanimate Target Association.
Gun Club Meeting.
Fi-rt jebaactoa rla?*-A. Strecker. ?». Kl
J&25* am li lor > eU»t-Captaln F. A. Kahls.
TZ?.. 2W': Otto BrPmfT. 210, 212: D B Faktor
j-^^T. J^ Carroll. 1T«. 208; Wjitiam *£££-
The California Schuetzen Club shoot re
sulted a; follows:
California Club Shoot.
r-.rw class— Hermann Schroedor. 216 211" H
Second class— Captain F. Attin^r. 22* 211
.'. Wal<J«.n. 2TS. 216: A. Jungblut 2S6. 20° ll C
JlaMn. r>5, 23S: L. R-ubold. 2*4 203
Third olss*-F. A. Schrumpf. «7. ISO; C H
fcaechorn. 133. i:,4; J. c. Waller. ISO. 178;' N\
!>uhold. ITS. 1T6: John Horstir.ann. ITS U»;
Jo* Ptisub. IT*. ITT: F. C. Haserup, m, isi
Fourth rlanr— F. n. Smith. J«l. IT*; J F
Pwk. 150. 172: F. Ack*r. ITS. 164; Dr. M.' H~.
Atkins, JC? IDS: \V. Noldra. tH, W.
CaSet class— W. W'oenne, 172. 164: B Pol
lick. 1«. 156: H. Becker. 1*4, 141: R. Majr
hcStr. HZ, 1<2: F. Attineer Jr.. 151. 16J.
Handball Contests.
" At the San Francisco handball court the
following contents will take place Sunday:
F. W. StapfT and W. Darneal vs w b
Carsilse and W. F. Stapff; A. McVlcker
end T. Leach vs. J. Condon and T Foley
W. H. Eiebem and D. J. Sheehan vs. L!
Waterman and J. R. Rock man: W. Fisher
end K. Antron vs. P. Ryan and M. Basch *
W. Hassell and A. .Collins vs. L. Kenny
and H. McNevln; R, Longabach and W
Walsh ve. H. H Lissner and J. J. Kova
r.augh; T. Serres and J. Broyer vs. E
.White end J. Gtynn: G. McDonald and H.
Racoullet vs. P McKinnon and D. Rodjr
crs; J. C. Nealon and J. Riordan vs. M. J.
KUgallon and T. Hampton.
On Sunday afternoon the following: race*
will take place at Sutijo baths:
Fifty-yard daah. Juveniles— E. Maulan,
E. Lynch, W. Adams. A. Armacoat. P.
McCarthy, J. O'Brien. W. Boyle. L. Har
per. F. Moody. F. Burns, J. Erarnsy E
Franks. J. Dixon. S. Finnlgan. C. Crist
C. Donovan. E. Wells, D. Kerwln. E. Wln
fleld. A. Martinez, A. Springer and E.
Emit.
tTnder-water swtmmtnjr contest, tub
race and high diving for boys, open to all.
One hundred-yard rare, amateurs— B
Berry. O. Schultz. O. Beyfnss, W. Dawl
sett. E. Kipp, O. Freeth. R. Riding. D.
Harris, H. SeeWh. H. Dougherty. J. Bev
ins. A. Hay, H. I^lcken, C. Wallace. J.
Rlngrose, C. C. Kurran. H. Dodson, F.
Crowder W. Cook. O. Kelber. C. Freder
icks and L. Boudln.
Trick and fancy springboard diving— T>.
McCann, M. Carmody. W. Stockton. T.
McKlllop. S. Grueman, A, Sunberg, B.
Wlnfleld. I>. Kerwin. S. Finnlgan, F.
Clough, J. Hollar. J. Erasmy. F. Paine. A.
Carroll F*. Ralston. L. Hanlon. T. Thomp
son C. Harnes, P. Levin and H. Seebach.
Swimming Races.
THE duck and quail shooters an
reaping harvests of feathered
slain on marsh and upland. Rare
ly has there been such a season
as this for quail, and even the
habitual recalcitrant among the duck
shooters forgets his choice expletives
fipainst the scarcity of game. Of course
there arc days, even a full week, when
the shooting on the ponds is poor. This
Is due to sudden changes in the weather,
which, when righted, brings with it
enough -winged life more than to counter
balance the misery of a non-successful
ehoot.
In San Mateo County quail are plentiful,
but they are immuned from the hunter's
gun. The season closed there on Decem
ber 1. In Marin the season will not close
until January 15. This is the mecca of
sportsmen, particularly on the big pre
serves of the Country Club and the Point
Reyes Shooting Club. The limitation of
twenty-five birds, a county law, has been
very beneficial to Marin County, and
nlmrods ¦who find favorable localities for
their shooting experience little difficulty
in bagging the full limit of a day's Bport.
The abundance of quail throughout the
State Is one of the most noticeable fea
tures of this year's game conditions. The
California Game and Fish Protective As
sociation, realizing this, js anxious to
make assurance doubly sure and impress
upon the next Legislature the necessity
of an absolute, restrictive measure. No
killing of quail within the next two years
is what the association will advocate. This
they say will stock California with birds
and make it the delight of sportsmen for
years to come.
The chief labor, of the association will be
directed toward the - passage of a bill
drafted last May at the flsh and game
convention. This bill, if passed, will limit
a single day's shooting to twenty-five
of any one kind of game, with the excep
tion of wild geese. ¦
While the protectionists are working for
Improved game conditions the sportsmen
are out on the fields and ponds stringing
their birds. R. A. Eddy leads the list this
week. Last Sunday he made a record of
165 birds, 101 of which were canvasbacks.
This is an eye and mouth opener.
An amusing incident of the week is the
trip of Dr. Charles H. Boll. C. F. Fuller.
Roy Fuller, Dr. Robert Millar, H. Fee
ney, J. Miller and M. O. Feudner. Last
Sunday they went way beyond Chandler,
106 miles from San Francisco, for a duck
shoot. They slept in a warehouse. They
walked ten miles in a fierce, cold north
wind, with hardly enough food to stem
the tide of stomachic craving. The entire
party killed just seventeen ducks. As
the market hunters were not to be found
that was the size of the combined string
exhibited upon the return to town.
Sunday last was a poor day generally.
At the Field and Tule Club it was
"spooney" day, nothing but spoonbills,
and not many at that. The Wednesday
shoot was much better, however, and the
members say the ducks are coming back
to the ponds. H. X* Miller was high man,
with thirty-one birds. Mallard, sprig, teal,
widgeon, spoonbill and canvasback were
in the bags. L. Titus, H. B. Hosmer, H.
8. Miller. J. B. Coleman. J. J. Wirtner and
L. Harpham will try their luck to-mor
row. ,
J. B. Coleman and Charles Fair had fair
success last Sunday on Mr. Fair's shoot
ing ponds.
Italian fishermen at Point Pinole have
been drowning, ducks by the hundred.
They catch them in flshjiets. The unsus
pecting ducks duck under the floating
bobs and are thus caught and entangled.
Whole flocks perish in this manner.
E. McMullIn and J. Sonntag were out
•
for quail last Sunday in Sonoma. County.
They bagged thirty-five birds.
C. H. Precht had Rood luck back of. To
caloma on the same day.
J. F. Howard tried San Pedro Canyon
last Sunday and returned with a string of
quail.
Reports show the quail to be very wild
and hard to get at They dlngr to the
treea owing to the dampness of the
ground. They are now beginning to take
to the grass. -
r>r. J. M. Barrictanan, who narrowly es
caped with his life, has a genuine bear
story to tell. While hunting big game In
the Tahoe region he came upon two
grizzlies. Th© male was easily dispatched
but the female attacked him, and were It
not for his two dogs, Diane and Miss Me.
Dr. Barrickman would have been killed'
Both dogs died fighting, and Dr. Barrtrk
xna« was seriously injured before tbe sec
ond bear was put to rest
QUAIL HUNTING IN MARIN COUNTY. THIS SEASON HAS BEEN A RECORD - BREAKER FOR QUAIL, FEW, IF ANY, SHOOTERS
RETURNING TO TOWN WITHOUT THE FULL LIMIT OF BIRDS ALLOWED BY LAW.
Since the establishment of coursing:
parks at VaHejo. San Jose and Stockton.
The pressure on owners in the vicinity of
f.sn Francisco has been relieved. No
cries need now be heard that the owners
of secend rlas: dogs have no chance to
rtr. their noun*!?. ¦
• Ovflnp to the Kreat advancement in the
fport. the progression and its growth in
;his city bip and srna" kennels have
rprunj? t:p on all eldes. Soms owners
have kennels valued at thousands of dol
lars, ethers have cne or two dogs of in
ferior worth, but good encutrh to race
for fair-sized prizes wi'h the world beat
ers out of the running. To give thesp
owners a chance the ITni^n Coursing
Park Association instituted reserve
stakes. It soon became necessary to
run net only r,ne midweek, but two. Now
that the outside par!*s ere running one
midweek stake has been found sufficient.
At a meotins of the Interstate Cours
ins Association durinp the week it was
decided to hoid a bip sp^ial stake In
February m the oid date of the John
Orace challerrre ci:p. which .was run
this year late in Ocrobor. This will be
run a* an accompaniment to the great
fraplins stake. th<» Bell Brandon. A com
mittee cf three were appointed to formu
late all the n«>o<«sary pjanr for the con
summation of the substitute stake for
the great John Grace challenge cup
Jrdpre Grace with a characteristic
rro:r.ptnes? and desire to mak? the s»ak*
a bis "ne has add^d $50 to whatever the
prize** may be.- to be expended for an ex
tra first prize for the winner. The com
mittee having the matter in hand for the
arrangement of the stake consists of J
H. Perigo. M. Curtis and Joe Halten
Teddy Hood. F. B. Gerber and F. Lande
have been elected members of the Inter
rtate Coursing Association.
The Saturday and Sunday open stake
nt union Park this week will be more
then an ordinary event In coursing The
retries number 12S and many stake wJn
rrrs and war performers will be put in
the Rdps. A number of them have been
resting up. away from competition, but
at the nsaettSK being kept In condition
ly Just such blgr regular stakes as this
of to-day and to-morrow.
MANY CITIES
INTERESTED
IN COURSING
A round robin tournament has been,
talked of between W, B. Collier. H. W.
Crowell. Grant Smith. Merle Johnson and
James A. Code. There is a feellnv tn each
of th© five that h» Is th© best player. All
will subscribe an entry fee to buy a prize
for the ultimate winner.
On Thursday Rob Whitney .played M
Johnson in the last match of the semi
finals of the postponed singles. Whitnev
allowed Johnson 13 and lost the first set—
4-6. In the second Whitney won— -ft-3 The
third set was a lonjr. hard battle, flnall'*
won by Johnson— D-7. Whitney did not
play near his top pam<\ having no speed
In his drives or smashes. On tho oth«~
hand. Johnson played a careful, well
planced jrame and won by hia steadiness.
Dr. Lane, and Johnson will play the final
match on Sunday momJngr. Johnson will
Rive Lane a handicap, to b« determined
later by th© handtcapper, Georsa Whit
ney.
The monthly tournament for the Davia
cups will take place on Saturday. Decem
ber 13. It will have an entry list, thA
largest the flub ever had.
The California Tennis Club will hold on
Wednesday. December 12. a ladies' singl*
tournament, open to all. There wi'.l be
two handsome prizes for tho winners.
Mrs. Kincaid, Miss Emma Hunter. Miss
Pear! Mecartney. Mrs. Monty Haslett.
Miss Rose Sherwood and Miss Isabella
Sherwood will enter from the Alamed;i
Club; Miss Bessie Bowman. Misa Laurrv
Denson. Miss Eells and Miss Alice Hoff
man from the California Club. Mi-ta
Miriam Hall, the coa.st champion, has
been invited to participate and may a>
do.
Miss Marlon Jones, former champion in
singles of the United States and the Pa
cific States, will receive a ranking of four
in England on accrnint of her recent show
ing in the late tournaments. Miss Jones
intends to remain 'in England some time
and will ajrain make a try for the cham
pionship. In a letter to a friend she stated
that she could not play her best game, as
?he was not acclimated.
LADIES WILL
PLAY TENNIS
FOR PRIZES
Ssn Francisco 47 43 SO .522
St.vHon st 48 87 .4SS
Oaklan* 41 81 92 .446
In ricking an all-California team from
the players of the four clubs that com
posed the !ea<ri:e the battfrgr. base-run
rinp and fielding strength of the individ
ual !r hi? position Has been taken as a
basis for Judgment. Tbe percentage col
umns have not h«en «ms;<3ered: rather
the frerernl ccrriprrtnvnt of the player In
l::s p.-rres thrccgbotlt the season.
The Call"* ch~\c+ for an all-California
ream is as follows:
AIJ^-CALIFOKNIA TEAM.
Ptar.lry (PccrRTTiemo) Catcher
Regbea < ?acr=i^cnto) Pitcher
Ftrelb (StOCfctor.) First base
. A rre!!ane(< <<"»sk'an(!) S?cnnd base
r*v»reaus iSarramento> ThlM bad*
F.ai?^:-. i Sa era t-t^nto) Phormop
KtXmatteBa iPacramer.to) Left field
TfcGucken uBtackton) Center fieli
Ilildohrar.rl <Ssn Fran.\ : »-o)._ Hitrht field
For a battery there can be but one
rhoice — Hiicre? and S'ar.ley of Sacra
ircnto. Not or.ly <Jo they make the best
combination but they icad individually in
thF-r respective positions.
Strfib shouid occupy the first bag: on
account of his general pood fielding and
fcittinp. Pab5t. th«» best and mo** timelv
fci'ter of all the first basemen, is not in
The rurnirg- with Hanlon. Hu'chlr.son anJ
Streib as a fielder. Hanlon is the best of
the fip^ders. but not ->o strong with the
5Tirk. Str^ib !f also a roo.1 base-runner.
Arrp^lanet; J«« the best combination of
l-ssp-runr^T-. hitter and fielder for seeon-1
t^a?=e. Dfvpr^anx easily w!ns out at third.
TYf ir*ateat *1*f!!^u!tv i}"5> in the choice
of shortstop. F.atran. Krutr and Frar.cka
f-ro strore: car.JirJa >s -and al' briUiar.t per
f^rmcrF in tho fle'd Eatran's pyrotechni
rml surc^ps with the s'ick makes him the
rh.-»ice. Ther enm^p Babb't* of Ptnrkton.
vho la a'?o ver>*- fast in the field and ir
r';nn!nr r-asep. Eag-n;. w ! th three s°od
robstl*vtea>. 1s the condition of the Fhort
f'fp WfTT.Tna.
MrLauehl'n's only c;mpe:itor in the left
•Wild Tprritrry !s M^v?r.rthy cf Stockton.
the latter 's r.<n riose'erouffh to the
foTniT in bril'iant fie'.i »o wrest the
fhnice from him. At «-pr>ter M^iurken is
rn undoubted <hoire. Sin Francisco has
•'tie m«r !n the tram- Hilo>brard. in rieht
?°id. Ke fs tr f *hort doubt the man for
thp r:cht- ftf'6 terr;tor> - .
It v:U b« popm 'hr.t ?acram«*n*o has flve
rr>en on Th's rickf><? team. Stockton two
and far. FYarcis^o a.vA OcVLind each one.
An5 Sarrarnento"s Dla\:r.jr throughout the
season sh'-.wcd purh superiority.
Ap the tourr.nnierit of the League of
the Cross Cflrlfts' Baseball Leasrue draws
to a cIcfp interest In the outcome of the
race for *he handsome pennant prows
l-p^ner.
To-morrow afternoon t«i jrnrres will be
r'ayed at the Pr«»<d»o Mbletle Orounds.
Francisco and Baker 5»reets. The first
¦™~il] be between the t^ams of Co. C and
Co. I. same to *>•» calif ¦i at ~i2:V). A hot
r ontest is expected, as on two former oc
cRF^or.s tie panes vrero olayed by these
t'aas. Crawford ar.d F»nnesy will be
th<? battery for I. and Dougherty and
T'anr.an for C.
At 2:3\ the teams of Co. D and Co. N
will meet. Flvnn and But'er will be the
battery fcr N and McQuaJde and Sulli
van fcr D.
The moft successful baseball season
since the flays of the Halght-street
grounds ended last Sunday. The lapse of
fames will endure until April, when the
?eason of 19H wl!! begin. If the man
aser? nno the magnates speak truth the
rt«»w year ¦will advance the national game
archer stride, for many new plan* are
being formulated bcth for the betterment
cf tat game and the convenience of the
p^V.ic.
This? is how the teams finished in the
rare of 1300:
Oaafs Gin?i Games Per
Te*:?tf— . V.'or,. Loet. Played. Cent.
Facrsm<-Tif> 60 35 Si .5««
All-California Nine Se
lected From the
Four Baseball
Clubs.
LEAGUE MEN
PICKED FOR
BEST TEAM
This afternoon at 2 o'clock play will
begin on the Presidio ltnka in the quali
fying round over eighteen hn!es. match
play, for a round robin tournament. Th*
twelve players making the lowest scores
will he ellsible to enter the tournament,
in which each man will play over eigh
teen holes, match play, against every
other man. Each man will thus have to
play eleven matches, all of which must
be finished before May 1, 19m. If a man
wins a match 1 or 2 up, he will count
one point; if he win.-* 3 or 1 up. he will
add two points to his score: if he wins 5
or more up, he will score three points.
The total number of points lost by a
player In his unsuccessful matches will
be deducted from hia gross score, and
the two men who make the greatest
number of points after this deduction will
win the first and second prizes. The
object of reckoning by points instead of
by holes is to prevent a man from win
ning the tournament through defeating
one or two competitors by large margins.
The purpose in deducting the number cf.
ncims lost from the number won is to
decide between two players who misht.
win the same number of points. Such.
a contest as this takes the place of a con
tinuous tournament, such as !s heinsj
plaved amone the ladiea of the San Fran
cisco Golf Club, or of a challenge clasis.
such as is found at Oakland and other
clubs. On some morning during next
week the ladies will hold a puttinjf con
test, four balls on each green, on the
Presidio links.
The preliminary arrangements for a
home-and-home match between two
teams representing the San Francisco and
Oakland Golf Clubs have been made be
tween H. B. Goodwin and P. E. Bowles.
The first match wil! probably take place
some time In January-
Durinjr the time when the military res
ervation was crowded with soldiers, tha
Presidio golfers experienced much annoy
ance from artillery drilling over the links,
cutting up the fair green wfth heavy
wheel ruts and hoof marks. Now. how
ever, orders have been given by the mili
tary commandant forbidding not only
the drilling of artillery, but even the pres
ence of horsemen on the links.
The tournament of the Sausallto Golf
Club is approaching completion. Tha
final round in the men's championshtp
event was played last Sunday afternoon
between Leonard Chenery and F. D
Findley, the former winning with a score .
of 72 to 73 for nine holes. The perpetual
challenge cup was won by F. B. Findley,
whose score of 67 in one of the earlier
rounds of the contest was the lowest
made during the tournament. Leonard
Chenery took the second cup. Mlsa Wini
fred Mason and Miss Mabel Mason are
left in rhe final round of the ladles'
championship event. In" the mixed four
somes Miss Winifred Mason and R. W.
Mason have an unfinished match to play
out against Miss Grace Martin and W. A.
Horn. The winning couple will play the
final round against M!*a Mabel Mason
and J. M. Kilcarif.
Horace Rawlins and his brother Harry
Rawlins, the professionals of the Oak
land Golf Club, did not pay their ex
pected visit to the SausaMto links last
Sunday, but will be there to-morrow
afternoon. There will be a large attend
ance of members to see the experts play
around the course.
The Southern Pacific and. Santa Fe rail
way companies will bring Willie Smltn
and David Bell, the celebrated golfers,
to California, the object b*-lnsr to nhnw
to Eastern golfers that their favorite
game may be enjoyed all through th%
winter. The companies will pay the sal
aries and traveling expenses of the ex
perts, but will ask the golf clubs to get
up tournaments.
Rawlins Brothers Will
Play Over the Fort
Baker Links at
GOLFERS IN
ROUND-ROBIN
TOURNAMENT
HEART OF THE DUCK AND QUAIL SEASON
BRINGS FINE SPORT TO AN ARMY OF NIMRODS
MIDWINTER SPORTS * SHOOTING, COURSING, TENNIS, GOLF,
George> James, captain of the Olympic
Club, has ¦ . arranged . a cross-country
tramp for the members for to-morrow. A
large number of members will leave tTila
city on the boat that leaves the Tlburon
ferry at 9:30 o'clock, and on arriving In
Marln County they will tramp t over the
country- Lunch will bo prepared for the
trampers at the Olympic boathouse at
Belvedere. -
Cross Country Bun.
At a meeting of the Ariel Rowing Club
held on the 3d lnst. the following named
officers were elected for the coming year:
President, . E. : *J. Lynch; vice president,
A..W. Taylor; treasurer, Johnson Hardy;
financial secretary, Eugene Flanders; re
cording secretary. Aaron Brown; captain,
James Wilson; lieutenant captain, Henry
Wilson; members of the board of direct
ors—William T.- Howe, Albert Carroll, E.
C. Stenberg, Edward Smith and Charles
Wilson; delegates to the Pacific Associa
tion of the Amateur Athletic Union — J.
A. Geddes, -Walter Young and F. J. M.
Kelly. The Installation of the new : of
ficers and a high jinks will take place at
Alamedan Oarsmen May In
»corporate and Become an
Aihletic Club.
ARIELS CHOOSE
NEW OFFICERS
Quito a small number of -riders were
seen at the meet of the San M"ateo Hunt
Club last Saturday at Reid's School Bel
roont. but. now that the opera season i<»
over, it Is expected that the attendance
at the meets will be much larger. The
pack will be laid on at 2 o'clock this af
ternoon at XJncle Tom's Cabin, on the San
Bruno road. On Wednesday, December
12. the members of the hunt will meet at
\lZ tX 'SlSK Ber ? sford . at the same
hour. Next Saturday the hounds will
throw off at Homestead Common. San
Mateo.
San Mateo Hunt Club Will
Meet at Uncle Tom's Cabin
1 his Afternoon.
LARGER FIELDS
FOLLOW HOUNDS
The yatchsmen are already beginning to
prepare for next season's sport At tho
last meeting of the directors of the Cal
ifornia Yacht Club the following were
appointed a nominating committee to
propare the regular list of candidates
for officers for 1901: George B. Edgar,
Roscoe L. Eames and C. L. Danly. Th«
following will receive the nominations for
the various offices: H. L. Martin, owner
of the yawl Idler and at present vice
commodore, for commodore* 8. S. Mar
shall of the sloop Thelma, for-vice-com
modore: O. L. Wakeman. incumbent, for
secretary: J- J. Hanlfln, for treasurer; J.
J. Sherry, incumbent, for port captain;
J. F. Carrier, owner of the sloop Jegj~£.
Tiburon Yachtsmen Prepare
for Gay Dinner on First
Day of New Century.
CORINTHIANS AT
FESTIVE BOARD
At a meeting of the directors of the
Corinthian Yacht Club held on Thursday
evening ex-Commodore Carl Westerfela,
R. Stevenson and Arlo Eastwood were
appointed a nominating committee to pre
pare the regular ticket to be voted on at
the next annual meeting. A dinner will
be given at the clubhouse to-night by
Port Captain John H. Keef e to the fol
lowing: D. W. McLaughlln, J. Short. F.'
E. Bchober.H. W. Westerfeld, J. L.
Hawks. O. W. Crowell, W: H. Fisher, H.
A, Denhard, H. H. Gorter, J. C. Brlckell,
T. ' J. Kavanagh, Louis *B.' Chapman and
Commodore Harry.D. Hawks. - The above
named gentlemen will be asked to lend
their aid in making the annual club din
ner on New Year's Day a success.
Boatbullder Smith's yard at South Sau
salito is crowded with craft. H. R. Simp
kins' Bloop Mistral, A. Sutherland's sloop
Catherine and the sloop Twilight are laid
up for the winter there; while L. S.
Sherman's yawl Royal and Dr. T. L.
Hill's sloop Cygnus. both of which were
wrecked in "the recent storm, are drawn
out on the ways for repairs.
E., and measurer, for the same office.
For members of the regatta committee
Eugene Flanders, I. H. Clay and A. K.
Glbbs will receive the nominations.
the meeting: rooms, at 335 McAllister
street, on Monday- evening, January 7.
1901. The recent annual ball of the Ariel
Rowing Club " was quite successful and
added a considerable sum to the building
fund. - ¦ - • ,
At the next regular meeting of the AJa
meda Boating Club, to be held on Tues
day, December 11, a proposal will be made
to Incorporate the club, leave the present
inconvenient quarters at the foot of Chest
nut street and acquire a site at the foot
of Park street. The proposed location Is
easily accessible, and It Is expected that
the number of members would be largely
Increased. .The club would then greatly
enlarge Its activities and would afford fa
cilities for all-round athletic sport.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, DECEMBER 8, 1900.
4
But few people have enough confidence*-
In themselves to believe all thev, gay. JSelling. »lx furlongs — Quite Right won, Ra
bunta second, Lexington Pirate third. Time.
1:17.
NEW ORLEANS. Dec. 7.-Resulta:
Six furlongs, selling — Weidemann won, Jessie
Jardboe second. Ignis third. Time, 1:19.
Five furlongs — Add won. Senator Joe second,
Duces Tecum third. Time, 1:05.
Mile and a sixteenth— False Lead won. Major
M«nslr second. Sauber third. Time, 1:55.
Six furlongs, selling — Tom Klngsley won.
I.arequoise second, Ocle Brooks third. Time,
Seven furlongs, selling — Uncle Bill won
Blown Veil second. Old Fox third. Time. 1.34.
Five and a half furlongs, selling— W. J. De
boe won, Hylo second. Hp third. Time, 1-11V4-
Trimble Defeats Weday.
LOS ANGELES, Dec. 7.-Jim Trimble of
Los Angeles defeated Jack Weday to
night in the eleventh round. The contest
was under the auspices of the Los An
peles Athletic Club. Weday's seconds
threw up the sponge.
OAKLAND RACETRACK. FRIDAT. DECCMrtER 7.— Weather fine. Track fast.
1450. FIRST RACE— Five furlonge; thiee-yepi-olds; puree, $3C0.
j Po.|~" ~~ , ¦ iiettTng
Index -Horse and Weight. PstlSt. H- %• Str. Fin. Jockey6. Op. Ill, Cl._ PI.
HSS JAnita B &6; 5 ! 1 1 l l i 1 2 ... 11 Dominick .. 6 " 20 15 5
1212 Bee Bee 1W! 10 2 2h 3 1 ... 2 1 O'Connor ... 2 5-2 5-2 6-5
1272 .Bamboulia 104 7& 3h 21 ... 3h Coburn 2 5-2 7-5 3-5
1421 :Glissando 104 26 7h 5H ¦•• * * Weddersfd 6 6 5 2
1»32 jNed Dennie 1P4 47 S3 71 ... 5h Fauntleroy 20 100 100 40
li'l Gus?ie Fay lOS! 8 R 6 H 4 4 ... 6h K. Ross 40 60 60 20
1CS3 iBurdock 104! 93 4h 92 ... 72 Stuart 20 60 60 20
ltf-2 lYounic Morello.. ..107i 12 .10 5 2 6 2 ... 8 3 Mounce 60 50 50 . 15
1365 Summer l«7i 11 I 9 111 8 2 ... 9 2 J. Miller.... 50 60 50 15
143S ,Tins-a-Ling NM| 3 111 IS « ... 10 2 J. Woods.... 6 15 15 6
14f>0 The Buffoon 109 6 | 4 9 3 11 ... 11 3 E. Jones.... 6 20 20 8
_ljj8_jLew Zara 104; 1 |12 10 2 10 2 ... 12 Meany SO 100 100 40
Time— H. :1"'»: H, :364; «j. 1:01. Bad start. Won first three driving. Winner. W. Fisher's
ch. f. by Racine-Phoeb*. Anita clipped away from her fle-ld. O'Connor rated Bee Bee with.
poor success. Bamboulia runs better when off ln front. Ned Dennis Is improving.
1451. SECON'D RACE— Six furlongs; maiden two-year-olds; purse. $350. , •
iPo.l 'T, Betting—
Index [Hor«« and Weight. jPst'St. ij. «£. Str. Fin. Jockeys. Op. HI. Cl. PI.
14S3 'Ravelling 1MJ 8 i 6 23 15 15 15 Weddersfd 2^ t~ 7^5 3I5
1407 jAnrrejror US 13 Eh 6h 3 4 28 N\ Turner.. 4 5 6 3-2
1433 [Estelada 113 11 1 42 34 42 31 E. Flynn.... 8 30 SO 8
1420 'Missel 105 64 3h 42 21 41 E. Ross 20 80 60 20
12»9 lAphrodis 115 68 6*4 85 6V4 52 Coburn 6 10 10 4
.... iSisenvine 115 7 10 71 51 5b 65 J. Miller.... 20 60 60 15
14S3 ;Mary Alice llli 46 647471 7 E. Jones.... 20 60 50 12
1425 'Donee Ill 9 9 10 10 10 10 9 8 J. Woods.... 20 60 60 20
1433 iLr.rdly 113 32 91 91 10 10 9 O'Connor ... 6 15 15 I
1433 ; Infra 113} 10 7 1 »i 2 1 * H 10 Dominick .. 10 . 30 «0 10
S97 Srindle 109 1 S 11 11 11 11 11 Mounce 6 5 16-6
Time-U. :24'i; 4. :4S»i: «;. 1:15. Poor start. Won easily. Second and third driving. Win
rer. W. Shields' b. c by Ravelston-Elminta. Winner had the footing over his field. Ar-
Kregor. urtfler hard riding, finished gamely. Missel had speed. Spindle away very badly
and had no chance.
3 45a. THIRD RACE— Mile and a sixteenth; three-year-olds and upward; purse, $400.
I jPo.j f . Betting ¦>
Index jHorse. Age. Weight. I Pst St. K- 4. Ptr. Fin. Jockeys. Op. HI. Cl. PI.
1411 jBaniror. 4 112! 21 11 12 11 1! [Cobum 4-5 1 3-3 —
.... I A lire Turner. 3... P5I 66 43 J>i !n 2n |Matthew 9 .. 4 4 4 7-10
.... jFlorizar. 3 1^3 4|4 6 52 4 4 3S lO'Connor ...' 4 S 8 2
1424 'Hindoo Pr'ceFS. 3. 9." 113 1U 42 0 10 4« IMartln 20 GO CO 12
1443 IVohicer. 3 K4 3 \ 2 2 4 2 n 3 4 5 10 IE. Robs 6 12 12 3
1154 Glengaber. 4 104; 5|5 5H 6 6 6 iUansch 80 400 200 13
Time— 1-1*. :0«4: 6-16. :31: 9-l<5. :5«: 13-16. 1:214; mile. l:40»i: 1 l-16m, 1:46*4. Oood .tart.
Won easily. Second and third driving. Winner. P. <\ Hlldreth's ch. h. by Belvidere-Zara.
Banpor found no difficulty In cutting out the pace. NVar the close Alice Turner bore in,
lknocklng Vphjf er _off_ his stride. Florirar was hard ridden.
1-4S3. FOURTH RACE— Seven furlongs; all ages; purse. JSTiO.
I IPO.J , DeTtlng ~*v
Index I Horse. Ape. Weight. [Pst 'St. M. 4. Str. Fin. Jockeys. Op. HI. Cl. PI.
.... IBU1 Garrett. 3 lio' «5 41 41 11 11 iDomlnlck ..MM 39 6
fl441) |Se* Lion. 4 11T] 72 3h 51 31 22 J. Miller 4-5 7-5 6-5 2-3
(1444) jSoide. 2 9n! 22 22 2n 24 3 ns J. Martin... 2 3 13-5 3-5
.... Poyntz. 2 g7 5 7 7 10 6 4 4 1 4 5 J. Daly 10 1M 50 15
(1417) iN'ovla. 5 112 31 14 12 5 4 SI O'Connor ... 6 15 15 4
1441 IRolUck. 2 £7 44 62 31 62 63 Ransch 3 4 4 1
1X17 jOusto. S 109; 8 « 5 1 7 15 7 10 7 10 IE. Jones 20 110 100 20
ira IPImonfl, 4 110] 18 8 g S 8 [Raymond ... 30 150 150 it
Tim*— >;. :i:«i; fc. MM: S, 1:01; T *. l:!7'i. Bad start. Won ridden out. Second and thlr.l
driving. Winner. Godfrey & Co.'s ch. g. by Housatonlc-Bessie Haker. Gnrrett Is a shifty
horse and the rlnr wan caught out of line. S*a I^lon received a cheap looking ride. Seide
Is i?anie enouph. but his race of preceding day hurt Ms chances. JCovla beat Kate but quit.
Rollick pocketed on three different occasions. Scratched — Flatterer St.
1454. FIFTH RACE-SIx furlongs; selling; three-j-ear-olds and up; purse. JJ0O..
¦Po. I , Betting— ,
Inder Horse. Age. tVeiirht. Pst St. 4. ?i. Str. Fin. Jockey*. Op. III. Cl. PI.
1437 iOrdnung. 4 u2 6 5 3 4 3 1 ... 1 r. J. Miller.... 5 7 6 6-2
14?7 ! Our I.tzzle. 5 US 5 7 7 1 4 1 ... 2 1 N*. Turner... 3 5 5 8-5
1401 iHigh Hoe. 5 1«9! 22 61 72 ... 3n Dominick .. 3 7-2 3 7-5
14"1 'La Mascotta. a... 99 i 7 J 4h 5 2 ... 4 1 Coburn 8 10 10 4
«143S) IVantlne. 3 1114! 9 4 1 n 12 ... 5 H jMounce 8 10 10 4
1J7S [Lomond. 3 9.%; 1 10 11 11 ... 6 1 J. Martin... 15 20 20 3
1054 Flamero, 4 V<9[ 3 1 2 14 1 n ... 7 2 O'Connor ...4662
.... Ralston, a 100! 4 9 I!» »i 10 4 ... 8 1 J.Daly 5 15 15 6
.... IXecklace. 4 109! 11 I 8 4 8 2 ... »2 E. Ross 6 49 49 12
1U2 iDiomed. 3 1<V"I 10 11 9 4 9 1 ... 10 3 J. Wood*.... R 30 1J g
141R jPilot. 3 102| 8 * t'i fj ... 11 Wedde-rsfd 10 20 20 »
Time— \, :24U: 4. :4S4; »i, 1:13"»; Poor start. Won first thr*« driving. Winner. J. F. Schorr's
ch. g. Jim Gore or Order II-Hlghland Lore. Ordnung well handled and had gool racing
luck. Lizzie ran a swagger race. Dominick nn High Hoe scorched the biscuits badly. Van
tine is a useful one. Flamero ran his race ln . false breakaways. Ralston oft poorly.
Pcratch«l— Mlttenl^r
?47nC'"sTxTTTTlACE^olie"~i^
I JPo.j / . Dotting ¦ -,
Index ! Horse. Age. Weight. 1 Pst ( Pt. U- 4- Str. Fin. Jockeys. Op. . HI. Cl. PL
1439 JT\"ax. 3 107! lil 61 «2 31 l*i O'Connor ... 1 1 4-5 1-3
1425 'Galanthus. 2 M 3!2 2h 32 42 21 J.Daly 6 9 9 6-2
142S iBernota, 2 84 10 I 7 8 1 2 4 In 3 2 Ransch 6 12 12 4
1434 Event. 3.. 110 5|3 11 11 21 48 Mounco .... g 7 5 2
112P iT^H-onomo, 5 113 «|4 4h 44 6n 54 E. Jones.... 12 60 60 IS
U^ 'Expedient. 3 I'M! 4)5 5 4 5 1 6 4 6 5 Dominick ..6 9 9-3
342S 'l»n»llnw. 2 S4!»|« 82 S!74 "3 J. Martin... 6 12 12 4
12S3 iMaydlne. S 104! :]8 7n 7J 82 81 jDangman .. 20 30 30 10
14S5 Colnnel P.oot. 5...W 7 i 9 10 10 9 10 9 10 J. Woods.... 15 100 100-45
nn Ulin Mc<'lee%-y. 4..11fi[ 9 j 1 '> 9 h 9 4 10 10 Frawley ...| 2ft anp i.y) 5.)
Time-'j, :25U: '». :49H: *i. 1:14^4: mile. 1:40. Fair start. Won first three driving. Winner.
A. Simons' b. c. by imp. Candlemaa-Mlss Ranrome. O'Connor on "Wax outrode Daly. Ber
rota couUl have won at a shorter distance. Expedient had streaks of speed. Scratched
Owensboro 107. Free I^ance 116.
THE CALL'S RACING FORM CHART.
BILL GARRETT. a three-year-old
p^ldirijr. )>red somewhere in one
Ct the back counties of Missouri,
whittled nis name on the pillar
of fame at Oakland track yes
terday. The ring huns out 5") to 1 about
Bill and ln the fourth event, a seven fur-
Ions run, he Fhowed the way home in
front of Johnny Schorr's Sea Lion and
Fix others. One day last summer Bill
Garrett made his appearance at Chicago
trained by an old man wearing blue over
alls and sporting m. bunch of whiskers
planted before the \vur. Bill started in a
race and the old man unpacked a musty
locking wallet wour.d around with bale
rope. Fifty to one was laid against the
iiis&ouri horse and he landed. Next time
out Bill Garrett apptars last of his field
in the form book. ha\ mg elept on his left
eide the night before. Out again, though
ia better company, he was 150 to 1 and
proved "oil from the can." Then some
body bid the horee up and the old man
•went home. Sea Lion was looked upon as
a. certainty by the favorite players in yes
terday"s race, but J. Miller did not put
up one of his most brilliant rides and the
rank outsider beat him out a length.
Those who ha.d taken the trouble to look
¦up Chicago term took a chance on Gar
rett. especially a* .Dominick had the
mount. a.nd his cievtr victory hurt the
majority of book?. At such odds it does
not take many bets to spoil a sheet.
This was not the only win scored by an
outsider, for Anita B beat a field past the
•R-lrfc at 20 to 1 and Ordnung nnished nrsi
with 6 and 7 about his name in the ring.
Bfi-ngor. Ravelling ami Wax were the suc
cessiul favor:tee.
For the o;x-z;ir.g rive furiong scramble
Bamboulia, the Spreckeis entry, was ex
ttnsivclv tipped until 7 to o was the best
obtainaDie around post time. After con
siderable ilolay the barrier was released
to a somewhat ttrafegiing start. Anita B
away in front. The long shut had speed
and Dominick kept his advantage to the
close. r.n:?h:r.g a K-ngth before Bee Bee.
The favorite ran a close third.
Havelhr.g. rrom Willie Shields" stable.
took the event for maiden two-year-olds
in a gailop. Nash Turner brought Ar
ijregor up in ttxne to get the place from
Ksteiada.
Sam liildreth's Bangor cave the other
five tttrtexu in the mile and a .sixteenth
r*un an impressive Dtating-. (Jetting away
lirst he was never headed, Coburn hav
ing him well in nan.l at the wire, two
lengths in advance of Alice Turner ana
Fiorlzar. Vohicer hid a rough Journey
through the stretch or he might have
secured a piece of vhe money.
Alter much switching about High Hoe
Snallv clot-ed post favorite for the lifth
jiumber. a six furlong riafh. with a cluster
of last ones to light it cut. In a long haru
driv* J. Miller astride Ordnung got the
decision by a neck lrom Our Lizzie, rid
tlen by Nash Turner. L>ominick manaseo
to s>?i pocketed with High Hoe and turn
ing wice into the ciietch ran third.
Winnie O'Connor, by hard riding, cap
tured the last jjurse witn Wax. Galan
lirjf, a 'J to 1 chance, looked a winner in
the stretch, but O'Connor outtinished lit
;1h Daly, getting the verdict. The win
;jtr was a 4 to 5 favorite.
Following are the conditions and
w<-iirhrs fur the handicap to be decided
on ilcnday:
A ha.T\<lic&- t i for hor»ps that veer* enter*'! ln
th* Golden <5ate selling stakrs: $75A. of which
£1") to M.t;or.d and f-50 to third. Weights and
£-f;-!»nng 11 a. — i. Saturday. December 8.
t->*v»-n fur!on«f:
lion if — V.*t. ¦ Horse — WL
Forjnero 122 Anjou 102
lining Cap I2u onler Joe 1W
t^t. Cuthbert HT'Lavator 100
H«(l»'ai<T 11" Imperious 10»
M-jntanic 117 Latch Key 100
Tayon 116 <_irsnd Sachem 9»
The- Light 114 H&vlland 9S
Asian 113 Diomed 9S
<Jauntl»>t 11* Lomond 97
Prejudice 113 I>othian 97
Xovia 113 Gu»w Me »7
Ton&tm. 11- The Sinsrer 97
Ft. Wood 112 My Oypay S3
Bucfcwa 112 ha Rnrgla 91
Morton 112 Tianna. 85
Kl Mido Hi J'lohn 95
Tat Morrlpi-ej- )>w lJ»ccy »".
RflaSBMte 10S Trimmer !•;
Ham Ful'.en 107 Scotch Plaid M
lloeorito 10»> Socialist S5
Mortgage 105 Vain 91
Wax l'A Alas 91
Pupil 10T. Proclamation JO
Sir Ila— ipton lG.VThe Buffoon &¦'»
Goldone WCasdale 80
K!np Carnival 10?, Bojrus Bill SS
I.oconcrr.o 1Q3 Storm King 88
Handicap^-r It." Joe Sg
Punello lOVYoung Morello SS
Tuthill 10: NUear 83
Dolll* WVithoff 162 Xaplet 85
Herculean lOZ'Xalos SS
The entries for to-day are as follows:
<Copyripfcted, 1S00. by F. W. Leavitt. All r.ghta
rwerted.)
Kii-Ft rare— Five a^id a half furlongs ; two
ytrnT-oldr and up; purse:
<-,44*,Oo!<l Or 117 «134T)Ma>- Gertrude.. 109
1444 Abba L. fcS 144S Gibraltar 114
1446 Frank IM1 Ill .... Leiiga 91
K«>coiid race— Six furlongs; mares; four-year
clOe and uj^: tenir.e:
C?*") Monrovia 112 1 !4<» Lott Girl 113
1415 Maud F*irjson.m 136S Genua 112
1416 Twlr.kle Twir.k.119 1431 IMla Connors.. 112
107* Alleviate 112 1146 Schanken 112
3344 Mountain Dow.llSi «4<> Bessie Lee- 119
1431 Louis* Hooker. 112 141S» Juva 112
1039 Sylvan Loss 112
Third race— Six furlongs; two- year-olds ; sell
ing:
<1«3S)J!— » HaJe 99 1444 Bab 101
L.lef Prlnc* T<«; 1444 Bard of Avon.. 101
1442 Satin Co»t Ml 1442 Andrattus 95
1444 Homage 10J
Fourth race— One mile; all arcs; Bn lerjrvllle
Han<51ca.p:
Tayon lO»'(1421)Can— lore 84
i<*3 Ha'vlland SO l«t The Fretter 110
ru"7)Pat Morrissey.. SS 1«1 Grafter 80
1436 Prejudice 102 (14:3)Andrl« Ill
By F. E. MULHOLLAND
Outsider With Dominick Up Was Well Backed in the Betting Ring at Oak
land— Ordnung Defeats a Fast Bunch of Sprinters.
BILL GARRETT, A 50 TO 1
SHOT, FINISHES IN FRONT
RACING, FOX-HUNTING AND BASEBALL * MIDWINTER SPORTS
TACOMA, D»>c. 7.-Daws6n mail to No
vember 5, received to-day, gives details
of the smallpox epidemic now prevailing
there. There have been about ¦ thirty
cases. Some have recovered and sixteen
were quarantined on the date named.
Cold weather seems to have made the con
tagion more prevalent than before.
The Yukon . Council has- ordered • that
every person in the Yukon territory^ from
White Horse to Forty-Mile, be vaccinated
at once. This district contains about
12,000 people. The Yukon Council ordered
12,500 vaccine points, of which the first
shipment was expected by mail about
November 15. Six Dawuon physicians
were employed at $30 a day each to eo
out on the creeks and vaccinate all who
have not been vaccinated within seven
years. No deaths have yet occurred from
smallpox, due to the good care given all
patients. ;
Dr. MacArthur. the Health Officer savs
it Is likely all persons going to Yukon
territory as late as next summer will
have to be vaccinated. He believes how
ever, that with thorough vaccination the
disease as it now exists may be stamped
out in a month. The Northwest "mounted
police are giving assistance ln enforcing
the regulations. K
Yukon Council Waging War
on the Dread Smallpox
Scourge. .
THOUSANDS MUST
BE VACCINATED
SAN. JOSE. Dec. 7. -The Chico Normal
School football team, accompanied by fif
ty rooters, arrived here this evening In a
special car. to play the San Jose Normal
School to-morrow afternoon, and was
given a monster reception by the local
school. The 600 students here, flve-sixths
of whom are co-eds, armed with horns,
megaphbnes and other noise-producing de
vices and bedecked with their, term col
ors, were at the depot, and as the train
pulled in greeted the visitors with a pan
demonium of enthusiasm -never before
witnessed here. Thirty of the visitors are
young ladles.
Great interest centers in to-morrow's
game, as the Chico team Is bent upon re
venge for its defeat by the local school
on Thanksgiving day. President Van Lieu
and other members of the Chico faculty
are chaperoning the party.
As soon as the: noise subsided the Chico
team and visitors were escorted to the St
James Hotel and laters taken: on 'a ride
about the ¦ city. ' To-morrow . evening they
.will 'be -given- a reception, at the Normal
School.- ...•¦•••"• . ¦-.; • . -
For the ' past week the ¦ San, Jose team
has been coached by Yost, who drilled the
Stanford team. '
San Jose Normal School Stu
dents Give Hearty Greeting
to the i ortherners.
CHICO FOOTBALL
TEAM WELCOMED
Bannockburn Will Face
the Barrier Again.
The Recall Flag
Question.
The troubles of James Tod Sloan now
engross the attention of the turf- world.
If ever Tod is deprived of making a living
through his skill in the saddle he might
turn his hand to the show business. As
an advance agent he would sh.ne, for lie
understands thoroughly the art of keeping
his name before the public, even if cham
pagne bottles and cockney waiters axe
necessary auxiliaries. If Sloan has been
turned down ln England, and it looks very
much as if he had, the "Western coyotes"
may be asked to receive him again. ThU
was a cheerful and breezy way of refer
ring to Western turf officials and possi
bly just such pert and cute sayings as this
added to the Jockey's popularity on the
other side of the pond.
In all likelihood Bannockburn, the big
brown horse which holds the California
mile record of 1:39, made 'over both Oak
land and Tanforna Park tracks, will be
seen at the post again next year. Cross
ing on the ferry-boat the other morning
Barney Schreiber said he had the horse
fired after his breakdown in the East the
past season and that now he is going good
and sound at Woodlands Farm track. The
son of Hayden Edwards will be entered
for both the Brooklyn and Suburban han
dicaps. - • • - . •
People around a racetrack occasionally
see and hear too much— that is, for their
own pecuniary benefit. One d&y at Tan
foran Park not long ago Rio Chico start
ed in a hurdle event, ruling a pronounced
favorite. Willie Sink, his owner, strolled
into«the ring and was soon under the es
pionage of several players desirous of
"stringing theirs" with the stauie. Wil
lie epoke half a dozen :vords with a book
maker who happened to be on the dead
line and walked off. Shortly after this
same penciler raised the price against the
horse half a point, which was taken for
granted by the sharpshooters as a sign
that nothing was doin^ and a rush was
made to hedge out. Rio Chico went out
and won ail the way.
/Bookmaker Eddie Burke will be out
here, it is said, before cobwebs gather on
the season. Burke had a try at the local
game during the days of the Bay District
track and after contributing in the neigh
borhood of $25,<ViO for the good of the
snortr left for the 'East. He is now one of
the stars on the metropolitan tracks,
making a very big book, and is popular
with all classes of snorti-men.
If the yarns told about racing on the
N*ew York tracks can be believed the
sport there must be in a bad way. Rougn
riding is indulged in to a noticeable de
gree, so the story goes. Horses run first
one day and last the next time out, a cer
tain clique does about a.s It pleases. Pittb
burg Phil "hollers" but gets the coin, and
many other refreshing things are men
tioned. It would b»» oulte a Joke on the
Jockey Club officials if they would yet
have to journey to this; far Western coun
try to get a few pointers.
All starters are notional: there was
never nn exroptlon. Last meeting at Tan
foran Park Dick Dwyer's efforts with the
Australian gate with one or two excep
tions were excellent. Still he was not
happy. There ever lingered ln his mind
the thought that a 4 to 5 choice might
meet with some accident and be left. Pos
sibly h*» ha* been told strange tales about
the wild and woolly Westerner and In his
dreajns ha« visions of a man with a red
flag in his hand pursued by five hundred
demoniacal looking Individuals and look
ing for a loos© board fn tho fence. There
is not the least danger of anything lik^
this occurring, still Mr. Dwyer has asked
to be allowed the use of the recall flag.
On the other hand, wn<-n James F. Cald
well starts for the post he picks up tha
recall Jlag. giving it a look not unlike the
one a married man confers on his moth
er-in-law, who drops In at his home just
to spend a month or two., As Mr. Cald
well detests the red bunting and his work
tho last week has not been up to his high
standard. It looks as -f the Oakland man
agement will be compelled to let the
"Prince" have his own way.
: F. E. MULHOLLAND.
WILL RETURN TO ENGLAND.
Sloan Intends Having a Talk With
th'e Stewards.
NEW YORK. Dec. 7.— Lester Relff. the
jockey, was interviewed to-day, concern
ing the decision of the English Jockey
Club in his case. He refused to discuss
the Sloan decision. He said:
"The ""stewards of the .English Jockey
Club are undeniably fair. Tnat they
would exonerate me I knew in advance.
There was nothing else for them to do.
I have heard a lot of talk about Mr.
Croker bringing suit against the jockey
club on account of these charges and alsj
that I should contemplate the same thing.
I cannot' speak for Mr. Croker, of course,
although l doubt that he intends to do
anything of the kind, but for myself I
can say that I have no thought ot suing
and I cannot see exactly on what ground
1 could do it."
Danny Maher will accompany Sloan to
the Pacific Const.
CHICAGO, Dec. 7.— James Tod Sloan,
accompanied by a retinue of servants, ar
rived from New York this afternoon and
was driven to the Auditorium Annex.
Sloan professed to worry little over
Thursday's reported action of the Eng
lish racing stewards, declaring that he
would be persona non grata if he applied
for a jockey's license next season. He de
clares that he yet expects to ride in Eng
land. Failing in this he will return to his
humble starting place in America, or per
chance try his fortunes in France.
Sloan will remain in the city until next
Tuesday, when he will pay a day's visit
to his old home at Kokomo. Ind., return
ing in time for the Gans-McGovern fight
next Thursday night, and then proceeding
to the Pacific Coast, where hi hopes to
accept a few mounts.
In regard to the announcement in the
Racing Calendar, .Sloan said:
"Naturally it is a subject upon which I
careUo say little. I have not been rulad
off, and yet if i apply for a license I am
to be refused. I must wait for a definite
announcement. The only change in my
f>lans will be that I shall return to Eng
and earlier, try to. have a talk with the
stewards and atony rate ask for a hear
ing." ¦
TOD SLOAN
TO BE WITH
US SHORTLY
Another Carload of Trunks.
Don't forget our carload prices when
looking for trunks, dress suit cases,
valises, traveling bags, coin purses ana
pocketbooks. Lettering of name in gold
without cost to -purchaser. Sanborn, Vail
& Co., 741 Market street. •
Murder of His Step-
daughter.
Believed He Will Confess to Brutal
WILLIAM GIBSON
IS BREAKING DOWN
MAHT6VILLE, Ky., Dec. 7.— Willia.n
Gibson, who is charged with the murder
of his stepdaughter at Cattlettsburg, Ky.,
two weeks ago, is breaking down and a
confession from him is expected at any
moment. There is no indication to-night
of a mob coming from Cattlettsburg as
was reported early ln th«! day.
LOS ANGELES, Dec. 7.-A rumor was
current to-day that the telegraph opera
tors employed by the Sacta Fc on its lines
west of Albuquerque were preparing to
strike. General Manager Kevin, In an in
terview regarding the matter, made the
following statement:
"Regarding strike rumors on Santa Fe
lines west of Albuquerque, the facts are
That the telegraph operators on the Gulf.
Colorado and Santa Fe struck yesterday
because that line, which Is one of the At
chison system lines, would not agree to
give them a different schedule, so far as
rules and regulations are concerned, than
that which is in force on the Atchison.
ToDeka. and Santa Fe proper and the At
chison system lines west of Albuquerque.
A schedule, which, as a matter of fact is
a contract, was entered into and executed
between the operators on the Santa *e
Pacific. th*> Southern California and the
Ban Francisco and San Joaquin Valley
raUroadp, within the past two weeks. In
which, among othr-r thing*, it was agreed
that ih!s contract would be respected by
both parties to It until thirty days' notice
had betn given In writing by either party
to the other of the desire to cancel or in
any part modify. It is the intention of the
Santa Fe Ganerai Manager
Talks of Gulf Road
Strike.
NEVIN'S ADVICE
TO OPERATORS
railroad company to respect and carry
Out thie, as well as all other portions of
the contract, and it cannot be violated by
the telegraphers, except at the sacrifice
of their integrity and honesty of purpose;
and I am loth to believe that any such
dishonorable action upon their part will
be taken. There are absolutely no differ
ences between the telegraph oprators on
the Atchlson system lines west of Albu
querque and the management, and the
one cause that could be assigned for a
strike on these lines would be one of sym
pathy for the Gulf. Colorado and Santa
Fe Railway Company's telegraph opera
tors.
"If by following bad advice the tele
praph operators Btrine it will, of course,
primarily annul the contract referred to
and will cost every striker his position,
which will brln*r in its train much suffer
ing for tnese men and their families, and
it is sincerely to be hoped that each tele-
Rraph operator interested will do his own
thinking and not be firulded in reaching
an opinion by the advice of some irre
sponsible demagogue and labor agitator."
Captain Ault claims the bass record of
the year. While fishing off the wharf at
South Vallejo he landed a bass that
weighed 25% pounds.
Bass have started to run In San An
tonio Creek. At'Petaluma good catches
are reported. f .
The steelheads have not arrived yet off
Point Reyes. Last Sunday J. Watt. Dr.
Brooks. E. C. Cunningham and J. C. B.
Hollywood tried their luck without much
materialization.
Bass Record.
L.OS ANGELES, Dec. 7. — Justice James
In the Township Court to-day heard evi
dence In the alleged conspiracy case
against F. A. Harrington. H. H. Lyons
and Thomas Brennan, officials of - the
Southern California Courslns: Club. The
conspiracy consists in the deliberate com
mission of a crime by subjecting a Jack
rabbit to unnecessary cruelty. This, be
ing a high grade misdemeanor, calls for
a preliminary examination and holding
for trial in the Superior Court. The case
will come up for further hearing ne*t
Tuesday. ' ¦ ..
Coursing Men Arraigned.
ps-Tf^a HERE was enough hard fighting
I in Woodwards . Pavilion 'last
I night to satisfy the most hard
11 ened *ring-goer." Of . the eight
bouts presented by/ i the Mer-'
chants' Athletic Club, half that number
were ended before the prescribed number
of rounds had been fought. A bad de
cision marred what otherwise was an ex
cellent entertainment.
Willie Bourne and "Kid" Irwln opened
the programme. They were so diminutive
that' one expected" to see 'them scurry to
their teds at. the sound of the curfew
bell. Bourne proved the cleverer of the
pair and was awarded a well-earned de
cision." . '
James Curran ana Jack O'Brien,
two chums,, fought four vicious rounds.
Both were tottering around the ring dur
ing the latter part of the bout. In the
last half of the fourth round O'Brien
dropped from exhaustion and was counted
out. .. • ¦ ¦ •• . ', ¦ .
Jerry Collins and Willie Meahan. two
lightweights, fought five fast . rounds to
a draw. The decision was a just one and
met with the approval of the crowd. Col
lins might have won in the fourth had he
not stayed away. He had Meahan In dis
tress,' but was afraid of the latter's
vicious swings.
Charles Vickers, the far-famed faker,
made his reappearance in the ring and
was given a Joyous greeting by his
friends. He did not dlsappofnt them this
time, however, but went In and fought
hard and fast and knocked Code out In
two rounds.
John Sharkey and Al Collins fought
what proved to be the event of the even-
CHRISTMAS
DAY MATCH
ON GRIDIRON
Opinion at Stanford Is
That Columbia Col
lege Team Will
Come West.
STANFORD UNIVERSITY. Cal.. Dec.
7. — Manager Gildersleeve Is still In com
munication with Columbia In regard to
the proposed Stanford-Columbia game,
but nothing definite has been heard as
yet. It Is the general opinion here, how
ever, that Columbia will accept, and a
game will be played In San Francisco on
Christmas day and one in Ix>s Angeles on
New Year's.
The sentiment is strongly in favor of
such a game, nearly all of the varsity
players being in favor -of it. Columbia's
proposition was to play for 75 per cent
of the gate receipts and pay all her own
expenses. By this proposition Stanford
could not possibly lose and Columbia
would probably make money. The game
should draw as large a crowd as the Cal
ifornia-Carlisle game. Columbia has a
strong team, rated as at least the third
strongest team in the Kast, If not the
second. She defeated Tale, the strongest
team in the East, in the early part of the
season. Two^of her players are on the
AIl-Amerlcan ! team.
Should the game be played Chet Mur
phy, the best, all-round quarter Stanford
has ever had, will play that position in
place of Raitt.who sprained his ankle a
few days ago. "Jumbo" Gregory, the big
freshman special, will probably play cen
ter, as there Is no. agreement ,between
Stanford and' Columbia to the contrary.
He will materially strengthen the line, as
he is the heaviest man on the team and
the best center on this coast. ' On the
whole, Stanford should put up a stronger
game than she did against Berkeley on
Thanksgiving day.
luck with the padded mits. but was no
match for Frank Xelll. the shifty son of
Jim Neill, politician and race track sport.
The pair were given a good start, and
at the quarter >7e!ll had a slight lead. He
was spurred on by his trainers, and In
creased his lead with left-hand facers.
Poweil was fighting under a tight rein
and was out of his stride. At the three
quarter mark Neill was winning easily,
and when they crossed under the wire at
the finish of the round Powell was stag
gering from the hot pace. The second
heat was nevt r finished. Powell went
down twice, and as he looked like a "sell
ing-plater" against a thoroughbred.
Starter McUlnnls stopped the event and
gave the purse to Neill.
Ing. They battered each other for four
rounds, and the points were so even
that an extra round was called. At the
end of the fifth the judpes decided In
Collins 1 favor, much to the disgust of the
crowd. A draw should have been de
clared. Sharkey knocked his smaller op
ponent down three times with hard rights
on the jaw, but Collins was up each time
and fought back ,. viciously. He had
Sharkey bleeding from straight lefts and
showed to advantage at Infighting. Both
lads were strong at the finish and were
ready to go a longer route. They should
be matched again. •- !
Jack Murray, alias "Billy" Snalllen.
knocked George McMahon out in two
rounds. Ivy Powell, the jockey, tried his
Fast and Game Fighting Enjoyed by Ring-Goers--JucUes Render One Un
popular Decision and Are Loudly Hooted by the Angry Crowd.
MERCHANTS' ATHLETIC CLUB
PRESENTS EIGHT GOOD BOUTS
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, DECEMBER 8; 1900.
Fifth race— Mile and a sixteenth: three-year
olds and up; purse:
1417 Vulcain 1W 142H ?nlps 107
1437 Torptda 112 1413 Flush of Gold..lOS
(1443)Speclfic 106 1435 Dr. Marks 103
Sixth race— Mile and an eighth: three-year
olds and up; selling-:
1447 Grand Sachem. 102 1440 Imp. Mistral H.lO 1 *
1223 Sunello 97 (1439)Dr. nernayfc...lN>
1449 Koenlr 102 1434 Campus 105
1449 El Mido 102
Probable Winners. ¦
First race—Gold Or. Gibraltar. Frank Bell.
Second race—Bessie Lee, Monrovia, Lost Girl.
Third race—Satin Coat. Bard of Avon. Bab.
Fourth rare— Jennings Stable, The Fretter.
Fifth race— Speclflc. Flu»h of Gold. Vulcain.
Sixth race— Koenlg. El Mido. Sunello.
ON EASTERN TRACKS.
Louis.
Results of Races at Bennings and St.
WASHINGTON. Dec. 7.— At Bennlngs
to-day four favorites won. To-morrow
the meeting: closes. Summary:
Handicap two-year-olds and upward, seven
furlonf— (— Charentus won. Prince Richard sec
ond. Isla third. Time. 1:23 2-5.
Selling, two-year-olds, five furlongs— Cher-
rips won. The Rocu? second. King's Favorite
third. Time. 1:04.
Selling:, mile and fifty yards— Tyrshena won.
Judge Magee second, Thermos third. Time.
1:50 2-5.
Two-year-old fillies, six furlongs— Sadie S
won. B<>KKar Lady second. Queen " Carnival
third. Time. 1:16 2-5.
Maiden?, mile and a sixteenth— Match! m
won. Letter second. The Outcast third. Time.
1 :54.
5
Rich and Poor Alike Suffer From
Catarrh in This Climate.
AH observant physicians have noticed
the enormous increase ln catarrhal dis-
eases in recent years, and the most liberal
and enlightened have cheerfully given
their approval to the new Internal rem-
edy Stuarfs Catarrh Tablets, as the most
successful and by far the safest remedy
for catarrh yet produced.
One well-known catarrh specialist, as
soon as he had made a thorough, test of
this preparation, discarded inhalers,
washes and Hprays and now depends en-
tirely upon Stuart's Catarrh Tablets in
treating catarrh, whether in the head,
throat or stomach. -
•Dr. Risdell says: In patients ¦who had
lost the sense of smell entirely, and even
where the hearing has begun to* be af-
fected from catarrh, I halve had fine re-
sults after, only a few weeks' use of Stu-
arfs Catarrh Tablets. ' I can only explain
their action on the theory that the cleans-
Ing and antiseptic properties of the tablets
destroy the catarrhal germs wherever
found because I have found the tablets
equally valuable in catarrh of the throat
and stomach as in nasal catarrh."
Dr Estabrook says Stuart s Catarrh
Tablets are especially useful in nasal ca-
tarrh and catarrh of the throat, clearing
the membranes of mucus and speedily
overcoming the hawking, coughing and
expectorating. ;
Any sufferer from catarrh will find Stu-
art's Catarrh Tablets will give immediate
relief and being in tablet form and pleas-
ant to .the taste are convenient and al-
ways ready for use. as they can be car-
ried In tlte pocket and used at any time,
as'"*hey contain- no .poisonous drugs, but
only the cleansing antiseptic properties of
eucalyptus bark, guaiacol, blood root and
sell the tablets at 50 cents
for complete treatment.
KNOWS NO DISTINCTION.
DB.MEYERS&Cp.
Specialist*., Disease
and . weakness -of
men. Established
1881. Consultation
. and private • book
, tree, at office or by
inaiL*-' Cures guar-
anteed. 731 Mar-
fcet street (elevator
entrance), San
Francisco
Weekly Call, $1 per Year
WHITE ASH STEAM C0AL.'%££3£ a b£
DIAMOND COAL MINING CO.. at Its GREEV
RIVER COLLIERIES, is the Best Coal la the
narkat. - Of flee and Yards— 450 Main street. ¦
BAY AND BIVEB STEAMEBS.
FOB U. S. NAVY YARD AND VALLEJO.
Steamer "Montlcello." ,
MON. Tues.. Wed.. Tnurs. and 3at. at 9:13
a. m.. i:13. S^ P- m - <ex - Thurs. night); Fri-
days 1 P. m. and 8:30: Sundays. 10:30 au jx. ; I
p. m. Landing and office. M!»*ion-stre«t Dock.
Pier No. I Telephone Main 1508.
FARE Wi
STATIONER AND PRINTER.
TeIe cffi hls PARTRIDGE w S£r
PRINTERS. BOOK BINDERS.
THE HICKS-JUDD CO..
» First St.. San Francisco.
COMPAGNIE GE5EEALE THAKSATLASTiaCE.
DIRECT LINE TO HAVRE-PARI3. K,-taM>
i-aillng every Thursday. Instead of *5^t*3
Saturday, from November 2, 1395. at WRM
10 a. m.. from Pier 42. North River, foot or
Morton street. First-class to Havre. $55 and
upward. Second-class to Havre. $42 50 and up-
ward. GENERAL AGENCY FOR UNITED
STATES AND CANADA. 32 Broadway (Huu'soa
building). New York. J. F. FUGAZI A CO..
Pacific Coast Agents. 5 Montgomery avenua.
OILS.
LUBRICATTNG OILS. LEONARD * ELUS.
418 Front st.. a F. Phone Main 1719.
PAINTS.
Cylinder & Lubrlcattni; Oils, Schneider's Mlnlne
Candles.. C. G. CLINCH & CO.. 9 Front. 8. F.
PRINTINO.
F C HFTfiHF^ printer.
C- t- UUUiliO. 5ij Sansome st.. S. F.
GALVANIZING AND METALS,
JITr. & Dealer In Metal* A Galvanizing. JOHN
FINN METAL WORKS. J15 Howard at.
FRESH AND SALT. MEATS.
IAS ROYFS £ fft Shipping Butcher*. 104
JA3' DUIC3CSWU- Clay. TeL Main 1234.
ELECTRICAL.
D. D. WASS. '
• ¦ Electrical Engineer. 26 East st.
COPPERSMITH.
r W CM1TH SaI P Flumblnc. Steamboat and
V« IT* Jfllllll' Ship Work a specialty. IS and
IS Washington st Telephone Main 5841.
otcanics.sxo.ssg
SS. SlfeRRA. for Hinolulu, Samoa. New
Zealand »nd Australia
Wednesday. December 12. 9 p. m.
ES. ZEALANDIA (Honolulu onry)
Wednesday, December M. 1 p. o.
SS. AUSTRALIA, for Tnhltl
Sunday. January |, 4 p. n.
i. O.SPSECKEIS 4 BROS. CO., Eamral Igants, 32/ Hartit St
Sta'l Pasogv Ot2c3, 643 HirUt St., fcr la. 7, P3ca: St
PANAMAR.R.Co.'s 5^
To NEW YORK via PANAMA.
S. S. ST. PAUL sails December 13. 2 p. m. ,
- From wharf, foot of Fremont street.
Freight and passenger office. 330 Market st.
F. F. CONNOR. Pacific Coast Agent.
ATTORNEY.
F. H. MERZBACH. lawyer.
COS California st.. Clun!« bulldln*.
COAL, COKE AIND Pld IRON.
I f H'H SflN f- C fl * fl0 Batt «Tr Street.
J-W- ITlLOUll u VU-. Telephone Main ISM.
DIRECTORY
OF RESPONSIBLE HOUSES.
Catalogues and Price Lists Mailed
on Application.
AMERICAN LINE.
mr Toas. socthaxptos. torso*, risia.
• • Stopping at Cherbourg, westbound
From New Torlc Every "Wednesday. 10 a. m.
New York! Dec. 12 New York Jan. 3
Southwark Dec. 19 Kenslnjton Jan. »
St. Louis Dec. 28 Noordland ......Jan. is
BED STAR LINE.
New York, and Antwerp.
Front New York Every Wednesday, n noon.
Friesland Dec. 12 Westernland ....Jan. I
Southwark Dec. 13 Kensington j an . >
Westernland ...Dee. V Xoordland Jan. 19
For freight and passage apply to
INTERNATIONAL NAVIGATION CO..
30 Montswmery St.; Or any of Jts agents.
Cp Hoffmanettes Cp
Ul Cigar, Ub
THE HILSON CO. Makers. N. Y.
MAU, 8ADLER ft CO., Distributers San Tnaeiseo.
AH Bf| B#& LaSln A Rand.VTaterprrM
111 Inlll Smokeless Powder, ln bUk
¦ nil H*S and lcade^ ln sheila. Send
If 1 Bifl«« f°r catalogue of sportla4
ftj IkJ I « %J9 *°oda- GEO. W. SHREVB.
¦ ¦ 733 Market st.
Eyk J5»3 L)** p^A FJ
Cured While
You Sleep
In Fifteen Days
u Gran-8olTfnt"<lIssolTes Stricture like snow t»-
oeath tbe iud, reduces Knlareed Prostate and
strengthens tbe Seminal Ducts, stopping Drains and
.Emissions In Fifteen Days.
No drtiK* to ruin tbe stomncb, but n direct local
and posture application to the entire uretbrxl tract.
Gran-SoWem Is not a liquid. It Is prepared la
tbe form of Crayons or Pencils, smooth and flexible
and so narrow as to pass the closest stricture.
Every Man Should Know Himself.
The St. James Assn.. Box KU. Cincinnati. O.. nan
prepared at treat expense an exhaust- •> >* |" I" I
Ire Illustrated. Treatise upon t be male L U L L I
system, which th«v will send to any I fl LL. i
male applicant, ¦ ¦¦¦«¦¦¦¦
St. James Assn., —.">«» Elm St.. Cincinnati. O.
YOUR BOY
Would Appreciate Nothing
So Much as a
WBnlUetla.Lin.Bl.yJ
BICYCLE
$35.00.
It Is Fitted With a
MORROW COASTER BRAKE at
— m4o.oo~
JUVEN1LE BICYCLES— $20, $22.50,525.
LEAVITT & BILL,
3O9 Larkin Street SAN FRANCISCO.
2O San Pablo Avenue OAKLAND.
57 South Second Street .... SAN JOSE.
Pacific Coast Steamship Co.
\ Steamers leave Broadway
W wharf. San Francisco:
WJ!fe>- for Alaskan forts — 11 *. m .
W«S£&. Dec. 2. 7. II. 17. S. Ti. Jan. L
njt>£w2C^. "Thanire to company's steamers
ll«3«i$3a! For Vlct °rta. VancouTcr (R.
¦SSb^bB^JRSsU C> - Port Townwod. S»attl-
/ Tacom a. Everett. Anacort-j
and Xew V.*n.atcom (Wash V— 11
T , *-«7- D * <? - Z " 7> U ' 17 « n < 27 »
Jan. 1. and every fifth day thereafter. Chanjce
at Seattle for this company's steamers for
Alaska and O. N. Ry.: at Seattle or Tacoma to
M. P. Ry. ; at Vancouver to C P. Ry.
For Eureka. Humboldt Bay— 2 p. m., Dec
*. t. 14. 1>. 14, 29. Jan. S, and every fifth day
thereafter.
For San tMetro. stopping only at Santa Bar-
bara. Port Los Angeles and Redondo (Lo« An-
geles) — Steamer Queea. Wednesdays, • a. m. ;
steamer Santa Rosa, Sundays. 9 a. ra.
For Santa Cruz. Monterey. San Simeon. Cayn-
cos. Port Harford <6an Luis Oblspo). Gaviota.
Santa Barbara. Ventura. Hneneme. San Pedro
ICast San Pedro (Ixm Angeles) and Newport-
Steamer Corona. Fridays, 9 a, m. ; steamer
Bor.lta. Tuesdays. 9 a. m.
For Enseuada. Magda!«na Bay. San J*te d»t
Cabo. Mazatlan. Altata. La Pax. Santa RoaaMa
and Onaymas (Mex.)— 10 a. m.. 7th each month.
For further Information obtain company"*
folders.
The compajiy reserres the rlffht to chant; >
steamers, salllsg dates and hoars of sallloi;
without previous notlc«.
TICKET OKFICE- 1 3»«w Montgomery
str»et (Palace Hotel>.
GOODALL. PERKINS ft CO.. Oen. Arents.
10 Market st. San Francisco.
THE 0. R. & H. GO.
riSTATCH FAST STBAXER3 TO
PORTLAND
Frorn So»ar-!«tr»»t Whar* at 11 a. m.
CADC XI2"Flrst Class' Including" Berth
rAilC S3 Second Class and Meals.
GEO. TV. ELDER sails Dec. 9. 13. »
COLUMBIA sails Dec. 4. 14. 21. Jan. 1
Short Line to Walla Walla, Spokane. Butt*.
Hatcnn and all points ln the Northwest.
Through tickets to all points East.
E. C. WARD, General A*ent.
630 Market st.
TOYO KISEN KAISBA.
STEAMERS WELL LEAVE •WTIARP". COR.
r.er First and Braoinan streets, at 1 r>. m
for YOKOHAMA and HO.VGKO.VO, ealllns at
Kobe (Hloco). Natrasakt and Shanghai. aa4
connecting at Hongkong with steamer* for In-
dia, etc No cargo received on board oa day
of sailing.
SS. NIPPON MARC
Thursday. December *. 1300
SS. AMERICA MARU
Saturday. December IJ. 1309
Via Honolulu. ;-." —
ES. HOSOKOSO MARU
Thursday. January 2* IWt
Round-trip tickets at reduced rates. For
freight and pawaje apply at company's office.
421 Market «tr#«t. corner Flr«t. ¦ >
W. H. AVERT. General A*«nt.
OCEAN TRAVEL.
ADVEaTTSEMENTS.
ABSOLUTE SECURITY.
Genuine CARTER'S LITTLE LIVER PILLS most
bear signature of /^^^^^
Tarr »*uOl mm* *» easy
SEE fl^AOTTtfcl" 111 HEADACHL SEE
¦ UAKItKo FOR DIZZINESS. EE
rmmnir FOR BIUOUSNESS. -^.^^
6ENDINE HvER for torpid liver. GENUINE
H pi I LS F0R CONSTIPATION.
WB/1PPFR LMIJB * FOR SALLOW SKIM. W]?APPF^
UKAntfi 2d^il lrORTH£COMPLElinM "™m*
ADVERTISEMENTS.The contumacy of Wells, Fargo & Co., however,
presents a phase of the law which may become a suK
ject of future judicial consideration.. If that corpora
tion should increase its rates so as to avoid judgment
in future suits, such as.ha9 been instituted by Mr.
Farrell, it is barely possible that a contest might be
arranged which^would call in question the reasonable
ness of its action. The original investment of Wells,
Fargo & Co. was about $500,000. Last year the
profits of the corporation amounted to about
$1,000,000. Is it reasonable for a corporation which
is making a million a year upon so much water as
there is evidently in this one to increase its rates so
as to compel its patrons to pay its taxes? In short,
would such action constitute a reasonable exercise of
the power granted by the Supreme Court of the
United States, in. the Maynard case?
We do not think the courts would stand such a
In the case of the American Express Company vs.
Maynard the Supreme Court of the United States de
cided that the burden of any stamp tax imposed by
Congress could be shifted by the taxpayer so long
as the process of shifting does riot constitute. extor
tion. This ruling, as we understand it, amounts to
this: If- Congress were to require Wells, Fargo &
Co. to put a $5 stamp upon every receipt or bill of
lading issued by it, the shifting process could not.be
resorted to to evade the tax, because an increase of
$5 on every rate would make it unreasonable for the
express company to shift the burden by increasing its
rates. t
If this incorrigible tax-shirker desires to perma
nently avoid the penalty of its contumacy in resisting
the payment of its war taxes it may increase its tariif
rates and thus make up the amount from the pockets
of its patrons. Instead of charging 25 cents for a
package of merchandise, for instance, it may charge
26 cents, and, with the one cent thus extorted, buy
a stamp and stick it upon the bill of lading.
Mr. Farrell's suit to recover five cents alleged
to have been illegally extorted for war taxes. Of
course the corporation can confess judgment and re
turn the five cents, but we do not refer- to that, as a
feasible plan of evading the issue.
THERE is but one avenue of escape for Wells,
Fargo & Co. from the dilemma presented by
d T0X-SHIRKER'S DILEMMA.
China has agreed to every demand of the allied
powers except the payment of an indemnity and the
punishment of her murderous subjects. If she could
only induce the rest of us to adopt resolutions of
thanks that we are alive the farce would be com
plete.
California can now look back upon the response to
the call from Texas with satisfaction and just pride
Her people of all classes, rich and poor/have been
true to the best traditions of American, manhood
They have been helpful to stricken men and wome^i
111 the hour of need, and that fact will add to the
pleasure with which at this time they go about the
glad work of preparing for the Christmas season.
To the members of the committee, I. W Hellman
Claus Spreckels, A. A. Watkins, F. W. Dohrmann
and Charles Nelson, special credit is due for their
work in organizing and promoting the plan of relief.
These gentlemen have large interests of their own to
look after, and many claims upon their time, their
energy and their thoughts. It is therefore a matter
of gratification that they turned aside from their per
sonal affairs to direct and aid in a public work of this
kind.
Hardly any comment is needed upon a matter of.
this kind, and yet it should not be permitted to pass
unnoted. Liberality and helpfulness are character
istics of the American people. No surprise is felt
when large sums are raised in any part of the Union
for the relief of sufferers in another part of our com
mon country.. We are in the habit of doing such
things, as were our fathers before us. Still, when such
things are done on a scale so large as to show the co
operation of thousands of people, it is expedient that
public commendation be given to the helpers in ''order
that all may understand in how much of honor liber
ality is held -by Americans.
CALIFORNIA'S HELP TO TEXAS.
WITH the submission of its final report to the
Governor the California State committee ap
pointed to raise and forward money for the
relief of the people of Texas stricken by the great
storm that devastated Galveston closed its work.
The committee has fulfilled its duty well, and . the
generpsity of the people of the State is made manifest
by the magnitude of the contributions so promptly
and so liberally given.
Mrs. A. Goodman of Walla Walla came
to this city yesterday and is stopping at
the Russ. Her son, who is employed here,
is dangerously ill. : J
'Sheriff C. E.'Layne.bf Ogden is at the
Russ. • He: spent some time yesterday in
specting the Hall of Justice, being shown
about hv Sheriff ¦ Lackmann.
Professor W. - H. .Hudson and wife of
Stanford University, .were .among last
evening's arrivals at the California,-
J. E. Walsh, a prominent farmer and
stock ' raiser ' of Greenwood, -Mendocino
County, is in the city.
Dr. C. E. Reed and wife of Petaluma
have taken apartments at the Grand for
a few days.
F. * "W. Eckhardt, a creamery proprietor,
of Franklin, Sacramento County, Is at the
Golden West. ¦
A. P. Stewart of the Chicago and Alton
Railway registered at the Occidental last
evening. ; ., .
E. S. Churchill, a Napa banker, is at
the Palace.
S. N. Griffith, an attorney of Fresno, Is
at the Lick. - >".:' . '.J,
W. H. McKenzle, a banker of Fresno, Is
stopping at the Lick, '• . ¦
C. E. Smith, a New York capitalist/ is
registered at the California.
J. G. Scott, manager of the Lick estate
at Agnews, is at the California. v
Major O'Connell ; of 'the' First United
States Infantry is at the California,
Thomas R. Mlnturn, an agriculturist
of Minturn, is registered at the Palace.
"W. A- Junker, manager of the Hotel Del
Monte, is among the late arrivals at the
Palace.
CIVIL SERVICE EXAMINATION— F.
P., City. There is but one examination m
stenography for all branches of the ser
vice, whether at Washington or else
where. "Whenever a vacancy oocurs in
PERSONAL MENTION.
MODERN LAXGUAGES-F. P.. City.
Examinations for modern languages un
der United States civil service rules for
the departmental service are held in the
spring. The languages are Danish, French,
German. Italian, Spanish and Swedish.
The appointments are very limited. In
1SPC-97-&3 there were 216 examinations and
but four appointments. Those who make
application for such may apply for the
clerk modern language examination.
THE ATLANTIC RECORD— G. A., City.
The steamer Deut'schland holds the record
for fast time on the Atlantic side. Last
September she covered the distance from
Cherbourg harbor to Sandy Hook light
ship in 5 days, 12 hour* and 29 minutes.
The same month she made the trip from
New York to Plymouth in 5 days and 8
hours.
SARAH BERNHARDT-V. M. A., City.
Sara Bernhardt was In San Francisco In
1891. She arrived on the 24th of April.
POPULATION OF PORTLAND— A. S.,
Santa Rosa, Cal. The population of Port
land, Or., In 1890 was 46.3S5; In 1900, 90,426.
NEW YEAR OF 1SS*-M. E. B., City.
New Year's day, 18S6, fell on Friday.
ANSWERS TO CORRESPONDENTS.
any branch of the service other than de
partmental, a list of elisibles Is prepared,
containing the names of those examined
In the particular district In which the va
cancy occurs. Preference Is given to leg;il
residents of trie district. Persons desir
ing to be examined for this position
should state the particular branch of tha
service In which they are willing' to ac
cept appointment. Entrance salary from
$600 to $1200.
These moderate admissions by a foreign organ that
has access to the facts should surely impress the
occidental world. The "interpolation" in the treaty
of i860 was a plain forgery, done by a French mis
sionary. If the powers would keep that fact in
mind they might be less strenuous in their demand
for reprisal.
The Shanghai Press, the organ of the foreign
population and interests of Shanghai, in an article on
the history of Christian missions in China says: "The
claim of the missionaries to a right to enter the Middle
Kingdom is founded on no higher authority than an
irterpolation by a missionary translator into the Chi
nese text of the treaty of i860 between France and
China. It was clearly contemplated by the allies
(France and England) that missionaries were to re
ceive protection only in the treaty ports and their
neighborhood, but ardent missionaries have been
only too glad to take advantage of any justification
for extending their sphere of work. The Chinese
have watched with much concern the sequence of
events— first the missionary, then the Consul, and at
last the invading army. The Christian religion spread
at first chiefly, if not entirely, among the poorer
classes, until it was gradually discovered that politi
cal advantage accrued to the convert. It is not diffi
cult to deny that the Christians enjoy special privi
leges, but the fact remains that many people in trou
ble seek to enter the church. The very precautions
taken by some missionaries to ascertain whether an
'inquirer* has any litigation pending afford some in
sight into the real position of the Christian church in
China. We cannot wonder that the Chinese officials
should hate the missionaries. Their church is an
impcrium in imperio. The missionaries are not
amenable to Chinese law, and in some cases havs
acted in a high-handed manner in protection of their
converts." 'y,. ' .".
This country can consider equities that arc not
thought of by the other powers. Among these the
strongest originates in the remote cause of the whole
trouble. It came about through missionary invasion
of the Middle Kingdom.
Instead of having any territorial designs, our Gov
ernment has strenuously labored to preserve the in
tegrity of China and to reinstate its responsible Gov
ernment. This accords with the wish of the Ameri
can people.
It is hoped now that light has broken upon that
dark situation, and that justice and mercy will go
hand in hand in the final settlement. We took occa
sion recently to deny the yellow story from Washing
ton that the administration had decided upon seizing
a port and a province as the American share of the
\A IN1STER \VU has good reason to compli
/ \ ment President McKinley's diplomacy, which
has prevailed in the preliminaries to a settle-
LIGHT IN CHINA.
It is to be borne in mind it is not expected the
protective principle will win in the present fight All
that the advocates of the principle hope for is the pre
sentation of such an array of strength as will com
pel the two great parties to take sides and bring the
issue fairly before the people. It is that fact which
gives international interest to the present session.
Great Britain is so rich that the mere question of
raising money in itself would not be a matter of much
concern except to financiers who expect to profit by
the Government loan, but a revival of a demand for
protection in the kingdom interests all the great na
tions. .. •
One of the interesting features of the situation is
that the Tories, the old protection party, now being
in power, will doubtless be forced to maintain the ex
isting order of things and uphold. free trade; while
the Liberals, whose predecessors fought the battle for
free trade, may be compelled by . the exigencies of
politics to adopt at least so much of protection as is
known to the British public as "fair trade"— that is,
a trade based on reciprocity treaties.
The advocates of customs duties have two argu
ments. One is the economic fact that revenues can
be most readily increased in that way. The other is
that by the imposition of duties on imports Parliament
can provide discriminating duties in favor of the colo
nies and thus strengthen the unity of the empire.
t Thus appeals are to be made both to the pockets and
to the patriotism of the people, and it is believed a
strong support for the protective policy will be de
veloped.
That fact, however, does not imply a dull session.
Unless all reports from London have been ill-founded,
there is going to be a vigorous effort made to induce
the Ministry to raise the additional revenue by cus
toms duties instead of by increasing domestic taxes.
In other words, it is expected that "the question of
free trade or protection is to be made once more a
vital issue in British politics, and as any considerable
departure from the free trade policy of the country
would have far-reaching effects, the debates of the
session will be watched with interest throughout the
world.
The fact that the revenue requested is for the ex-,
penses of the war in South Africa gave the opposition
an opportunity to discuss the war and the policy of
the Ministers in relation to it, and reports show they,
made full use of the advantage. It is stated the de
bates both in the Lords and in the Commons were
among the most exciting of recent years. It is not
likely, however, there will be much speech-making of
that kind during the session. Parliament has .been
convoked for a special purpose, and the Ministry has
at its back a majority strong enough to hold the dis
cussion strictly to that one subject.
BRITISH.'. FINANCES.
LORD SALISBURY in preparing Victoria's
address to the new Parliament which assembled
on Thursday carried terseness to the extreme
limit. Her. Majesty baid just this: "My Lords and
Gentlemen: It has become necessary to make further,
provision fjor the expenses incurred by the operations
of my armies in South Africa and China. I have sum
moned you to hold a- special session in order that you
may give your attention to the enactment required for
this purpose. You will not enter into other public
matters requiring your attention until the ordinary
meeting of Parliament in the spring."
SATURDAY DECEMBER- 8,- ig»
JOHN D. SPRECKELS. Proprietor.
Address Ail Communications to W. S. LEAKE, Manager.
MJUfAGCB«& OFFICE Telephone Press 2O I
I*CBLICATIO\ OFFICE... MarUet and Third, S. F.
Telephone. Press 2O1.
EDITORIAL ROOMS 217 to 221 Sterenson St.
Telephone Press 202.
Delivered t»y- Carriers. 1O Cents Per Weelfc.
Single Ceples. 3 Cents.
Terms by .Mull, Including Posta«e<
DAILY CA1X .incluaing Sunday), one year $••<"
DAILT CALX, • ¦noludinc Bundar). « months J-00
UAIL.Y CALL, (including Sunday). S months 1-50
DAILT CALXr- By Single Month <5e
SUNDAY CALX.. One Year *- M
WEEKLY CALL. One Year *> w
All postmasters are authorized to receive
subscription*.
•sample copies will be forwarded when requested.
Mo.II Mibecrlb^ra In ord^rlnc rhans» of address should t>e
particular to give both NEW AND OLD ADDRESS In order
to Insure a prompt and correct compliance with their request.
C.VKLAAO OFFICE.. 111S Broadway
C. GEORGE KUOGXESS.
Manager Foreign Advertising, Marquette Building, Chicago.
(Long Distance Telephone "Central 2S13.")
NEW YORK CORRESPONDENT:
C. C. CARLTO.V Herald Sanare
NEW YORK REPRESENTATIVE:
STEPBEX B. SMITH SO Tribute Balldlntr
NEW YORK NEWS STANDS:
Waldorf-Artorla Hotel; a. Brenttno, & Union Square:
Murray Hill Ho»L
CHICAGO NEWS STANDS:
Fbermaa House; P. O. News Co.; Great Northern Hotel:
Fremont House; Auditorium Hotel.
¦WASITIJVCTOX <D. C> OFFICE. . . .1400 G St., N. W.
MORTON E. CRAVE, Correspondent.
im 4\< II OFFICES 27 Montgomery, corner of Clay, opea
until 8:30 o'clock. 300 Hares, open until 9:30 o'clock. 633
McAllister, open until' 9:30 o'clock. 615 Larkln. open until
J:SO o'clock. 1841 Mission, open until 10 o'clock. 22€1 Market,
comer Sixteenth, open until » o'clock. 1CS6 Valencia, open
untU • o'clock. 106 Eleventh, open until 9 o'clock. NW. cor
ner Twerty-second and Kentucky, open until 9 o'clock.
PHILADELPH IA ICONOCLAST
TAKES A RAP AT HISTORY
Liberty Bell Custodian Finds a Very Un
sentimental Document.
THE iconoclast has taken another rap at history, eays a writer in the
Philadelphia Times. Superintendent Reeves of the 'old Independence
Hall in Philadelphia has discovered in the archives of the place a framed
parchment which questions the story of the blue-feyed messenger hoy and
the old be'lman waiting in the steeple for the signal that the Declaration
of Independence had been signed. \ •
This parchment, estimated to be at least 100 years old,' has a lock of g-olden
hair fastened to ic and underneath the Inscription: "From that blue-eyed boy who
did not run and tell the bellrjnger to ring the State House bell on the glorious
Fourth of July, 1<,6, the saicl4>ell not having been run unttl the 8th of July, when
the declaration was first read to the people."
Superintendent Reeves does not question the authority of the parchment, es
pecially in view of a certain shade of doubt that prevjously had enveloped the
story. :.•--.'
FASHION HINTS FROM PARIS.
EDITORIAL
UTTERANCE
IN VARIETY
May Effect a Revolution.
If the President, will make clear Wa
purpose to let the South manage it3 own
local difficulties and invite the support
and co-operation of the 1 South on broaii
national policies the next four years will
see a revolution, net simply in political .
alliances, but in the conditions of puDl c
life in every Southern State.— Louisville
Post.
Get Out of Cuba.
Our sole duty now Is to get out of Cuba
and let Cubans try the experiment of
seif-KOvernment. We are pledged to this
effect, and we will hold hands off until
they succeed or in the chaos. of race ha
tred and ignorant rapacity, which seems
probable, humanity again summons the
United States to interfere ami rc-establlsti
peace with order under the Stars anu
Stripes.— Chic»gr» Times- Herald.
They Will Buy of Us. *
Throughout this war the "rich Fil!
plno" has been a conspicuous figure in
every description, of the. natives. His
plantations have made him wealthy, and
his good fortune in being an inhabitant
of what is almost a country in itself,
where Manila hemp is srrown, la enough,
to Insure that other riches will be accu
mulated as time goes on. Such a people
as exist th-^re are gnlns to buy mer
chandise some time like Indian princes,
only they will not Tvrinp the money for
it out of poor wretches who become the
poorer as their chiefs spend more.—Provi
denco Journal.
Calvlnistic Creed Revision.
It appears to be determined by the
action of the many presbyteries through
out the country, in response to request*
from the special committee of the Gen
eral Assembly of the Presbyterian Church,
charged v.ith the duty of considering and
reporting on the subject to the next as
sembly, that a decided majority of th-j
Presbyterian organizations of the coun
try demand a revision of the Calvlnistic
creed. The next Presbyterian General
Assembly will be held in Philadelphia la
May. whrn th? vpeefal committee will
report, and the issue will come directly
before the hishest tribunal of the Church.
—Philadelphia Times. V-C
Good Words for Kitchener.
The fact that General Kitchener Is a
severe disciplinarian and relentlessly ag-
Cressive does not mean that he will bo
unmerciful to the Koers. In the Soudan
he destroyed the Mahdi's tomb; but he
conciliated the followers of the Mahdi.
He pushed the Khalifa and all his fam
ily to death, but he left the country in
peace. In preparing for his great cam
paign ud the Nile he went among tha
hostile tribes in disguise, that he might
know exactly "now to meet them. In his
campaign asalnst the Boers he will act
relentlessly in the field, but probably in
a conciliatory spirit toward the people at
large. It would be like him to be severe
in the treatment of incompetents in hi*
own p.rmv and tactful and considerate
with the enemy— Chicago Inter Ocean.
Lash for Wifebeaters.
In Pennsylvania there i? n strong move
ment, approved by many magistrates, for
the enactment of a law proviulnR punish
ment with the lash for wife-beaters. Ex
perience has shown eleariy that ordinary
forms of punishment havo no effect upon
those brutish cowarils who beat women.
They are incapable of reeling shame, ami
therefore imprisonment, which involve*
no physical discomfort and but little, if
any. lnconvenionco to such creatures, la
no" punishment, and a fine is more likely
to increase the suffering of the abust-tl
wife and family than to impress any Ie*>
son upon a rirunken husband. A s^ut'I
whipping is peculiarly appropriate In such
cases, and wherever 1: has been prescribed
the number of su«.-h offenses has not
ably diminished.— Philadelphia North
American.
SABLE CLOTH COSTUME.
This costume. -suitable for a girl, is of
sable cloth, trimmed with taffeta bandb
stitched. The corsage is slightly blouse
shaped both before and behind.
.BLACK CLOTH AND FUR COSTUME
This costume is of black cloth, with tru
skirt In hollow pleats and apron ?titchec
down the sides, and trimming of blaclt
braid.
IT WAS THE EOTTTE UT 491
It Is the Route To-Day, and Will Bo
For All Time to Come. '
Ladies and children traveling ¦without escort
appreciate the advantage of a solid Testlbuletl
train like "The Overland Limited." running
through from San Francisco to Chicago, with
out change. IN' LESS THAN THREE DATS.
Leaving San Francisco dally at 10 a. m.. via
Central Pacific, irnion Pacific and Chicago an4
Northwestern railways.
~ I "HE verdict of the Coroner's jury in, the case of
the glass works' tragedy on Thanksgiving, day
A . puts the blame for their misfortune on the vic
tims themselves, dead and living. It was in evidence
that the superintendent and watchman of the glass
works forbade entry to the crowd and resisted it as
long as possible, finding it impossible, however, to
turn the heedless rush. The melancholy tragedy was
caused by the undisciplined enthusiasm of a trespass
ing cro.vd, many of whom went to their death
against the rightful authority and warning of the
proper agents of the owners of the property.
Looking at the awful affair with what calmness one
may command, it seems to enforce the need of a dis
cipline in our public schools which will induce a
higher respect for the rights of person and property.
Daring and adventure are American traits. They go
into the hardy character of our countrymen and are
illustrated in the incidents of private life as well as on
the battle-field. Indeed it may be said that Americans
possess them in such excess that, unless tHey arc
brought under discipline, they may balance the bene
fit of their possession by harm that comes of their
exercise. '[¦'—.
The purpose of our common schools is'not only to
impart learning, in order that the Government may
rest upon a high average of intelligence among the
people, but also to bring about the possession in com
mon of certain motives,- as the master motives of in
dividual and national life.
This may be done by school training in behavior,
that wiir inculcate respect for the rights of. others.
The only way in which one man can be entirely sure
of the safe exercise of his .own rights is by respecting
the same rights in his neighbor. Now that it is ap
parent that our system of common schools is attract
ing the attention of the world, and that the force and
effectiveness of our people are being ascribed to the
discipline which it enforces and the average intelli
gence that it imparts, it is good time to treat many
incidents, lik'e this local tragedy, and many outbreaks
of the various passions, as evidence that the schools,
excellent as their work is, are still short of accom
plishing their full purpose.
If the idea had been well grounded in that unfortu
nate crowd that it was wrong to set foot upon prop
erty against the protest of its owner, no policeman
would have been required to stop the mad rush to
destruction. The feeblest refusal of the right to enter
would have been instantly recognized as a voice ut
tering the sacred rights of property, and the enthusi
astic curiosity of the crowd would have been" at once
under the control of discipline, and more than a
score of homes would not to-day, be somber with
mourning and sorrow.
It is coming to be noticed that American youth is
rebellious to proper authority, is confused in its ideas
of the rights of others 2nd lacking in respect for age.
Works of art placed for the pleasure and instruction
of the public are not safe from defacement, and pub
lic and private grounds are invaded, defiled and dese
crated, in disregard of the rights and interests of the
It has been demonstrated too often that home dis
cipline is frequently powerless against the habit and
public opinion of the school. Grown men depart
from the right line. under the pressure of the opinion
of their associates, and youths do the same andsforthe
same reason.
This is not intended as an unkindly comment on the
dead and the wounded who went heedlessly to their
doom and their injury. But it is the duty of the press
to find the cause of such sad events and advise means
for preventing their recurrence.
We have science, art, literature in our schools. In
deed, we have a curriculum which can stand unload
ing of much that it carries. Cannot more attention
be given to inculcating manners and 'self-control,
without abating any attention now given to learning?
Many men and women there are without learning
who are models of self-respect and self-control and
can be trusted to maintain their own rights by de
fending the rights of others.
If more attention can be given to the discipline
which implants these sentiments in our coming gen
erations, the character of the future American will
lose none of its strength, nor its independence, dar
ing and adventure, but, possessing all these, will
adorn and strengthen them by their exhibition as
powers and capacities under discipline.
SCHOOL DISCIPLINE.
But there is little or no danger of the corporation
disputing the assertion. President Valentine knows
that his company is able to pay its war taxes, and he
refuses to pay them because he' is confident that he
can shift them upon his patrons without incurring any
serious legal penalty. Our, proposition to demon
strate his financial ability to 1 discharge his public du
ties will continue open until further notice.
__ The allegation that Wells,. Fargo & Co. made a
profit of a million dollars last year upon its invest
ment may easily be substantiated. If it takes issue
upon the point The Call will undertake to prove the
fact from its books, and, failing to do so, will for
feit $1000 to any charitable institution in San Fran
cisco.
construction of the decision as would be demanded
by the tax-shirker" in a ,case of this sort. Moreover,
in an action in which the reasonableness of an in
crease in rates was called in question would it not be
possible for the public to get a look at the books of
Wells, Fargo & Co. for the purpose of throwing light
upon its ability to sustain the burden of the tax? '
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, .- DECEMBER- 8, lyuu.
Some objection has been made to the fact that
public money which ought to be spent on pavements
is being expended for heating the apartments of the
Supervisors. Critics should remember that money, t*
well spent whenit can keep such a board as the pres
ent in action even by heat
'-The promptness with. which Congress has set about
the work of the session is a striking proof of "the ad
ministrative ability of the Republican leaders. ¦ They
possess not only official power, but the statesmanship
to make use of it. BfeSUfflltfirHtf^Wl
¦The service of the silver-tongued Towne in the
United States Senate will be brief and inglorious, but
hr has a chance to make a grand stand play by.de
tnanding his salary in silver.
Sometimes it seems as if the dreadful code of pun
ishing crime in kind was best justice after all. The
woman in Ohio who accepts an imprisonment of ten
j-ears for killing another woman with vitriol has
every reason to look upon the law as a farce.
Whatever else may be said of the scheme of one of
our Supervisors to force the bondsmen of the Auditor
to pay the bills of the telephone monopoly, it cer
tainly possesses the merit of being unique. It is like
suing a man and making him pay the expenses of
your lawyer." *
Dispatches from St. Petersburg are bristling with
facts and figures to show that the Russians as a na
tion are civilized. The horrifying atrocities of Rus
sian troops in China were probably permitted in or
der to show us to what limits the subjects of the Czar
can go w hen they want to be barbarous.
6
THE LATEST FAD IN
DOLL SHOWS,
SCENES IN A WOMAN'S
GYMNASIUM.
MILITARY DISCIPLINE IN
A FRUITV ALE SCHOOL.
The. Poster Room and How to Arrange It.
DECEMBER 9. 1900.
AUCTION R*t/pr
By B. P. Oliver— Wednesday. December 12. at U o'clock.
Heal Estate, at 221 Sutter street.
AMUSEMENTS.
Orpheum — Vaudeville.
Alcazar— "Madame Butterfly." «
Columbia— 'The Fortune Teller."
Tlvcll— "A Jolly Musketeer."
Alhambra— "A Hot Old Time."
California— Haverly's Micstrels.
Olytnpta, corner Mason and Eddy street*— Specialties.
Chutes, Zoo and Theater— Vaudevlll* ertry afternoon and
Evenlcr.
Fischer's — Vaudeville,
Exposition Building. Oakland— Dor and Poultry Show.
C&r.fomla Jockey Club. Oakland Racetrack— Races to-day.
Cfccice candies. To-svnsend's.Palace Hotei.
Ex. strong hoarhound candy. Town?end's.»
Boston mints, chocolates. Townsend'9. •
"U*hite poplar wood boxes for etching r»r
oil painting, 10c up. Townsend's. ;*>f
Townrend's California place fruits. 50c a
pound, in fire-etched boxes or Jap. bas-
kets. A nice present for Kaatern friends.
G» Market street. Palace Hotel building. •
Special Information supplied daUy r»
business bouses and public men by tfc »
.Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's). a!0 Mon;-
gomery st. Telephone Main 1042. ¦. '• -
Prison Visitor— My poor man. how «liu
you get in here?
Convict — Kard luck. I didn't manage to
steal enough to enpajre a flrst-cla?s law-
yer to defend me.— Tit-Bits.
People of Impoverished blood fall an easy
prey to the rfEors of winter. Restore your
vitality by* the use of Dlt. SIEGEKTS Ansoa-
tura Bitters.
A Man Who Once Sang Before Royalty and Is Now
ah Inmate of the San Francisco
Almshouse.
f" By
REV. SAMUEL SLOCOMBE.
REFORMING THE CREEDS.
Why American Girls Have to Go to Europe for
Musical Polish.
By ANNA VIRGINIA METCALR
TO MY OLD FRIENDS THE PUBLIC i .
I am back in harness. With the issue of December 9 I begin
a special engagement with the Sunday CalL
I am going to tvr'vrt "Peck's Bad Boy " and write a new series
of Bad Boy Papers entitled
Peck's Bad Boy Grown Up.
I believe that the Bad Bay's friends will rally to his support as
heartily as they did fifteen years ago. Sincerely yours.
„_ _ , t GECX V. PECK.
P. S.— Remember the date, December 9.
-I IWOMBN AT FRUIT GROWERS' CON
VENTION ORGANIZE AN ASSOCIA
TION OF THEIR OWN.
Tho proposal to form a fruit producers' coun
cil of one representative to be selected by each
fruit or nut orcanlzation of the State cr that
may hereafter be orpanlzi»d; such representa
tives to be one delegate from each of the fol
lowing Industries: Citrus fruit, olive, walnut,
almond. ralFln. cured fruU and fresh fruit
grower*— Is one which we - onuldcr to be of su-
After a careful consideration of the matter
the committee heartily approves the proposal
that the fresh fruit growers form an association
of their own for tho purpose of handling fresh
fruits. The California Cured Fruit Association,
through Its president. Judge Bond, states that
It is the purpose of that association to con
tinue the canvass among producers of dried
fruits In order to increase its usefulness and
carry out the original Intention of Its organiza
tion. It will therefore work with those who
desire to form the fresh fruit growers' asso
ciation.
Report of the committee appointed to formu
late a plan for the organization of the decidu
ous fruit growers and to consider a plan for
bringing all the fruit and nut Interests into a
union for their mutual benefit and to protect
their mutual Interests: r
The plan reported by the committee of
fifteen appointed for such purpose in
volves the formation of a fruit-producers'
council, composed of one representative
from each of the fruit or nut organiza
tions; the calling of a convention of the
producers of fresh fruit, to meet In Sac
ramento the third Tuesday in January,
to be composed of from one to five dele
gates from each school district where
fresh fruit is produced; and' the calling
of a convention to meet In San Francisco
the second Tuesday in January, composed
of one delegate from each of the fruit
and nut organizations of the State. The
report in full is as follows:
closing session of the Frult-
I growers' Convention yesterday
I afternoon was marked by the
11 adoption of a plan which, it is
hoped, will result In the forma
tion of an association embracing in its
membership all the fruit and nut interests
in 'California. f^>'
morlst. like so many others of his trlbs».
was sadly unpractical. "He had a lending
look" — his purse was at every man's ser
vice. He could never say no* He was like
Steele and Fielding and Goldsmith. "If
every one who had ever received a kind
ness at his hands should lay a flower on
his tomb, a mountain of roses would rise ,
above it." /
The artist of the early days of Punch'
was John Leech, the most genuine humor
ist among the English artists. For twen
ty-five years his cartoons and comment)
were the life of 'the great comic journal.
Leech had not the imagination and thg
power of hia famous contemporary,
Cruikshank, but he was much more hu
man and genuinely humorous. Hla
sketches are seldom merely comic and
farcical; one cannot say in the words of
Dundreary: "No fellah ever saw such a
fellah. Gwoss carwlcatawaw." Leech
was as close an observer as England has
ever produced; he studied actual men and
women in every station of life and he de
picted them without exaggeration. His
sketches form an album of the actual
England of the middle vears of the- cen
tury; they are a series of portraits so
skillfully done as to show the underlying
evil or folly or pathos. His sketches for
The most prominent figure among the
early contributors to Punch was Douglas
VIII.
English humor during- the middle years
of the nineteenth century centered about
the humorous periodical Punch. The dis
tinctively comic journal Is of compara
tively recent origin. In the latter part
of the eighteenth century the London
datllea began to make more and more
of the humorous column. The paragraph
In Its modern sense — the brief and witty
anecdote — became, a mechantable com
modity, and as a result there arose a new
profession. Charles Lamb has charming
ly discussed the journalism of this early
period:
Every montnx paper, aa an essential re
tainer to Its establishment, 'kept an author
who was bound to furnish dally a quantum or
witty paragraphs. Sixpence a Joke— and it was
thought pretty high, too— was Den Stuart's
settled remuneration In these cases. The chat
of the day. scandal, but above all dress, fur
nished the material. The length of no para
graph was to exceed seven lines; shorter they
might bt, but they must be poignant.
Lamb himself waa for a time "profes
sional wit, wringing out coy sprightll
ness" for the Post and other papers, and
hard Indeed did he find the task. "Xo
Egyptian taskmaster ever devised a
slavery like to that slavery." "Somebody
has said that to swallow six cross buna
daily consecutively for a fortnight would
surfeit the stoutest digestion. But to
have to furnish as many Jokes dally, and
that not for a fortnight but for a long
twelvemonth, as we were constrained to
do, was a little harder exaction." Lamb
was thus a pioneer in a profession that
to-day counts Its members by the thou
sands. All through the century there has
been on the part of the periodical press
a constantly increasing demand for witty
paragraphs, illustrated Jokes, ludicrous
verses, elaborated puns, and comic ma
terial generally, until to-day It la posi
tively wearisome In its profusion.
The establishing of Punch in July, 1841,
marks the beginning of the era of the
periodical devoted exclusively to wit and
humor. Punch was the first really suc
cessful En&llsh comic paper. The early
days of this great publication were by
no means bright or promising. There had
gradually grown at the "Shakespeare's
Head"' in Wych street a little band of
wits and writers drawn together largely
by the magnetism of the witty and Jovial
landlord, Mark Lemon, and once after a
particularly brilliant evening some one
in a moment of Inspiration suggested that
the opinions and fancies of the little com
pany, especially upon political subjects,
be preserved in a sheet to be published
regularly by the club. The suggestion
found approval: each of the members of
the little band promised to contribute of
his best, and the host, even as in Chau
cer's "Tales," agreed to become the ruler
and arbitrator of the literary feast, or
in other words, to be the first editor of
the paper. -.'-'-
The new periodical received the name
Punch after the well known British nur
sery hero, and it published for its early
numbers contributions from Douglas Jer
rold, Albert Smith, Gilbert a Becket, John
Leech, Thomas Hood and many others.
After the second volume Thackeray be
came a regrular contributor. The week
ly gatherings at the "Shakespeare's
Head now became sessions of th© editor
ial board. At the head of the table sat
the editor and host, Mark Lemon, and
over the wine and walnuts the contribu
tors and guests discussed the policy of
the paper. But despite its , brilliant edi
torial force. Punch was not a successful
venture. It had not yet "found Itself."
It treated largely of politics In a way
that is very blue reading nowadays. "The
illustrations, besides one full-page car
toon, were wretched* little cuts an inch
high scattered through the text." It Is
far from funny, as we view it from the
modern standpoint, and It was evidently
not judged to be supremely funny by its
original readers. Its editors were on the
point of abandoning it, but at the critical
moment two active and enterprising
young printers bought It for £100. They
enriched it and changed Its scope, and by
skillful management they averted dis
aster, made the venture at length profit
able and finally they made It the leading
humorous periodical of the English
speaking world— a position which it still
holds. Rivals It has had by the score-
Judy, Toby. The Squib, Joe Miller. Great
Gun, Puppet Show, Diogenes and Fal
staff, but none has had a permanent pop.
ulaiity. "Punch." says Parton, "has a
firm hold on the liking of the English peo
ple, and especially Londoners. It fairly
amounts to one of their institutions."
PUNCH AND ITS EARLY CONTRIBUTORS.
Copyrf&kt, 190O, by Seymour Eaton.
HUMOR OPENGLISH AIND AMERICAN UTERflTURE
First Step for the 'Wider Organization of the
Horticultural Industries of the State.
CONVENTION OF FRESH FRUIT
PRODUCERS WILL BE CALLED
THE SA1ST FRANCISCO CAJLL, SATURDAY, DECEMBER ' 8, 190O.
Professor E. A. Ross will, deliver a lec
ture before the Onward Club of the Third
Congregational Church in that edifice on
Monday evening. His subject will be
"The Prospects of American Society."
Professor Boss to Lecture.
On Sundays, commencing December 9,
1900, the Southern Pacific Company's City
Ticket Office at No. 613 Market street,
Grand Hotel block, will be closed.
For ; the accommodation of the . public
our ticket office in the Ferry building,
foot of Market street, will sell all classes
of tickets, local and overland, and reser
vations will be made for Pullman sleeping
fur accommodations.
T. H. GOODMAN,
General Passenger Agent
E. O. McCORMICK.
Passenger Traffic Manager.
NOTICE.
When the "letters" of Miss Martlneau
and Atkinson appeared Jerrold observed
that their creed was: "There Is no God,
and Miss Martlneau is his prophet."
He once defined flattery as "the milk of
human kindness turned to butter."
Jerrold will be longest remembered, no
doubt, for his "Mrs. Caudle's Curtain Lec
tures." No other English humorous crea
tion, save Pickwick perhaps, has been so
completely successful. "They just hit the
reading. English, always domestic In their
literary as in their other tastes," and they
are even now read and laughed at. The
sorely tried man who received these night
ly lectures is said to have been Jerrold
himself, and doubtless many of the scold
ings were richly deserved. The kindly hu-
Jerrold, who was undoubtedly the leading
English wit during the middle years of
the century. Jerrold's contributions to
Punch were exceedingly numerous. Series
after series of comic sketches flowed from
his pen— "Punch's Letters to His Son,"
"Punch's Complete Letter-Writer," "The
Twelve Labprs of Hercules," "Autobiogra
phy of Tom Thumb" and "Mrs Caudle's
Curtain Lectures" are but the beginning
of the list. During the Mrs. Caudle se
ries the circulation of Punch reached Its
highest point.
As a humorist Jerrold was In many re
spects the successor of Sydney Smith. He
was electric in repartee and merciless in
satire. Few other men have had such com
mand of all the resources of sarcasm. He
was master in the use of irony and innu
endo, and he could be as cruel In retort
as Swift or Dr. Johnson. Yet Jerrold had
a heart as tender as a child's. "This wit
and bon-vlvant." said one who knew him
intimately, "the merriest and wittiest man
of the company, would cry like a child as
the night drew on and the talk grew seri
ous. No theory could be more false than
that he was a cold-blooded satirist — sharp
as steel is sharp from being hard. The
basis of his nature was sensitiveness and
impulsiveness."
Of Jerrold's repartee not much has been
preserved, yet the little that we have is
eminently satisfying:
"Be careful, waiter," said Fltzbull. the
dramatist. "Remember, I have got a head
on my shoulders." "Don't boast, Fitz, my
boy," cried Jerrold; "I think you have
only got a pimple on your shoulder, which
will never come to ahead."
llsh humor but also of English politics
and English ideas is written with fuUne33
in the volumes of Punch.
FRED LEWIS PATTEK. *
Pennsylvania State College.
Pyrography Materials.
Wood novelties for fire etching. Useful
articles In leather purses, belts, photo
cases, albums, frames and fancy boxes for
poker etching, and an excellent, fresh sup
ply of whole sheepskins In all colors Just
from the tanner's. The latest pyrography
outfits. Sanborn, Vail & Co., 741 Market
street. •
Inquest on Body of Kettler.
Justice of the Peace Barry, acting for
Coroner Cole, who is sick, held an in
quest yesterday upon the body of William
Kettler. Nothing new was brought out
by th© testimony, and a verdict was ren
dered that h© cam© to his death from a
fractured skull, "cause unknown."
DICKENS, FORSTER, STANFIELD AND MACLISE. IN CORNWALL
AFTER A FAC-SIMILE OF A SUPPOSED SKETCH OF WILLIAM
MAKEPEACE THACKERAY.
Punch comprise) the graver and more seri
ous part of his life> work. There Is some
times actual pathos In some o'f the studies
of lowly life; there is sometimes a trua
sermon hidden In what at first seems a
piece of mere fun.
The humorous poet of the> early Punch
group was unquestionably Thomu Hood.
His Influence was not Ions: felt by thd
journal, for h© died In 1S45, yet th© mere
fact that "The Sons of thd Shirt" ap
peared originally In Punch Is In Itself
enough to glorify It and raise It above th-»
multitude of merely comic papers.
Hood's whole lif© waa a battle with pov*
erty. Ho attempted to support himself
with his pen and as a result he did an
immense amount of mere hack work. Ha
was a professional funny man for the
papers and as such he produced an abund
ance of comic trash long ago forgotten.
Even the selected material In "Hood'3
Own" and other similar Joke books is,
much of It, of very uncertain, merit. It
shows Its author to have been a mere lit
erary clown who mad© puns and jokes
solely for pay.
Yet there was true humor In Hood. In
his best work, which was ever in verse,
he reveals to us a delicacy and a refine
ment and a pathos rarely found in liter
ature. By a handful of true- lyrics Hood
raised himself to a place besld© the few
great humorists of the world. One cannot
read him without sighing: that his lot
should have been cast in a place that for
bade frequent use of hi» b«st powers.
Among the later contributors to Punch
may be mentioned Thackeray, who con
tributed no less than eight series of pa
pers, besides many drawings: Tom Tay
lor, Shirley Brooks and Du Maurier.
whose impress is on the later history of
the periodical even as Leech's Is upon the
earlier years. Punch has ever been bold
and progressive, advocating ever In poll
tics, literature and art the most enlight
ened, and advanced Ideas. Durng the last
sixty years th© history not only of Engr-
Demands Made of Railroads.
The resolutions offered the previous day,
demanding improved transportation .ser
vice to Eastern markets, were adopted
unanimously/ , .«
Resolutions urging fruit growers to co
operate^ with the State Board of Trade in
securing an exhibit of the resources of the
State at the Pan-American Exposition at
Buffalo, without ; calling upon . the - Legis
lature : for/ financial aid, were adopted'
also resolutions , urging the United States
Weather Bureau to station expert observ
ers at San Jose and Fresno.
Papers on "Our Export Fruit Trade and
Export Packages," by Brainard N. Row
ley of San Francisco, and "Selecting and
Handling Fruits," by Frank H. Buck of
Vacaville, were read by Professor Wick
son.' ¦¦¦¦,-;¦-•:¦¦:- . . V ¦ .' : ;- :• ¦. \ ¦. ; : - v
The afternoon session was ODexi&d vrUh.
Resolved, That this resolution be presented
to our State Legislature by a committee com
posed of the present committee on legislation
appointed by this convention, and that a copy
of theso resolutions be transmitted to each
member of the California Congressional dele
gation.
A resolution recommending the adoption
by the Legislature of a bill formulated by
the Cooper Ornithological Club for the
protection of birds caused some discus
sion. The bill contains a clause allow
ing the killing ¦ of "English sparrows or
any bird where found destroying, fruits,
berries or grain crops, except by poison."
Professor E. J. Wickson objected to tne
poison clause, as he considered that
method of getting rid of destructive birds
sometimes necessary.
W. O. Emerson of Haywards contended
that poison killed the birds that the fruit
growers desired most to protect. H. R
Dakin of Santa Cruz County said that hla
apricots and corn would be destroyed by
blue jays if he were not allowed to use
poison to dispose of them. Professor
Ames, the handwriting expert, took a
hand in the discussion. Finally Mr.
Emerson consented to the elimination of
the poison clause, and the resolution was
adopted.
Resolved, That we denounce the principle of
treaties affecting the tariff being negotiated
in secret by our Government; and be it fur
ther.-,—. .: --:¦•."¦;¦
Whereas, The fruit growers in annual con
vention assembled, have noted with alarm the
tendency toward the negotiation of commercial
or so-called "reciprocity treaties," which vi
tally effect California and her interests; there
fore, be it
Resolved, That we denounce and protest
against all such treaties which tend to lower
the protective tariff on any American product;
and be it further
As a result of the discussion, the com
mittee on resolutions was Instructed to
embody the sentiment against Kasson's
work in a separate resolution. It did so
in the following resolution, which was re
ported and adopted in the afternoon:
Bedprocity Treaties Condemned.
The report was adopted by unanimous
vote and with very little discussion. The
committee was instructed to assist Sec
retary Lelong in- arranging for the con
ventions provided for In the plan.
A large share of the time of the morn
lrig session and a portion of that of the
afternoon was taken up with the discus
sion of reciprocity treaties. Resolutions
introduced the day before protesting
against the pending reciprocity treaty
with the British West Indies as^ detri
mental to the citrus fruit Interests of
California were adopted, but not until the
sentiment was developed that reciprocity
treaties In general are wrong In principle.
Isador Jacobs, E. F. Adams, George T.
Frost, Captain M. J. Daniels and others
spoke In condemnation of the secret ne
gotiation of such treaties and the sacri
fice of some Interests for the sake of pro
viding a market abroad for the products
of the large corporations. As E. F.
Adams put It: "The principle of recip
rocity as we have it is that John must
give away something in order that Peter
may get something." Incidentally John
A. Kasson, Minister Plenipotentiary of
Treaties, whose secret negotiations are
most objected to, came in for repeated
drubbings at the hands of the fruit
growers.
M. Theo. Kearney, the chairman, ex
plained that "fresh fruit" was used to In
clude deciduous fruit shipped fresh or
sold to canners. He spoke in favor of the
plan, and expressed his regret that so
many of the large growers had been
standmg in their own light by refusing
to co-operate with the smaller producers
to secure prices that would yield a profit.
"The chief obstacle in the past,!' said
Russ D. Stephens of Sacramento, "has
been the large producers. It is easy
enough for Mr. Kearney and Judge Bond
to wash their hands of responsibility for
the success of this plan by informing the
small growers that they must not look to
the large growers to carry it through:
They are the men who are in a position
to reach the large growers and bring
them into line, and that is absolutely es
sential to the su^.ess of this plan."
Chairman Kearney replied that if the
small producers organized and thus be
came an Important factor, the large
growers would be forced to come into the
organization.
Large Growers the Obstacle.
preme Importance to those Industries and to the
general welfare of the State; and we there
fore recommend that the convention:
First— Call a meeting of the delegates of all
the fresh fruit producers of California, to con
slat of from one to five persons from each
school district In the State where fresh fruit Is
produced, to assemble In Sacramento on the
third Tuesday in January at 1 o'clock in a hall
to be hereafter announced.
Second— That the convention call a meeting of
delegates consisting of one representative from
each of the Industries above enumerated at
the Palace Hotel In Ban Francisco at 11 a. m.
of the second Tuesday in January.
The report was signed by M. T. Kear
ney, chairman; Judge H. G. Bond, John
S. bore, H. W. Meek. H. P. Stabler. F. B.
Miriam, W. B. Gester, C. E. Barnes, N.
P. Chipman, A. H. Naftzger, John Mark
ley, and was read by Alfred Barstow of
Fresno, secretary of the committee.
Officers were' chosen as follows: Mrs.
M. E. Sherman of Fresno, president; Mrs.
E. Shields of Mills, Sacramento County,
and Mrs. L. A. Bancroft, Contra Costa
County, first vice presidents; Mrs. Em
ma Shatter Howard of Oakland, secre
tary. These four and Mrs. Dr. J. M.
Bowen constitute a committee on consti
tution and bylaws, to report at the next
annual session, to be held at the time
of the meeting of the Fruit Growers'
Association. .
The following vice presidents, to which
will be added others from various sec
tions of the State, were chosen: Mrs.
Harriet R. Stowe. Whlttier: Mrs. D. .E.
Craig, San Francisco; Mrs. W. L. Hoag,
San Jose: Mrs. W. B. Gester, Newcastle;
Mrs. E. P. Buckingham, Vacavllle; Mrs.
V.' L. Kingsley, Malaga; Mrs. D. L.
Trowbridge, Fresno: Mrs. B. M. Lo Long,
Sacramento; Mrs. M. E. Boynton; Hol
lister. -¦ ¦>.'-:¦ *
A unique organization among women's
societies was formed during the forenoon
session yesterday of the Fruit Growers'
Convention, under the name of the
Women's Agricultural and Horticultural
Union of California. The women In at
tendance at the convention met in the
parlor of the Pioneer building and effected
organization as an auxiliary of the Fruit-
Growers' Association.
iliary to the Fruit-Growers'
Annual Conventions.
Unique Association Effected as Aux-
Russ D. Stephens, chairman of the
transportation committee, says. that the
conference with the transportation com
panies will probably not be held until
some time next month, when it Is hoped
that a new policy will be in favor with the
Southern Pacific management.
WOMEN FORM A STATE
HORTICULTURAL UNION
A resolution recommending the passage
bv the Legislature of a law for the pro
tection of the meadow lark was passed.
It was decided to leave the choice of the
place of meeting of the next annual con
vention of the State Board of Horticul
ture without recommendation. Fresno,
San Diego, Stockton and Santa Rosa
were suggested by partisans of the re
spective towns as desirable -meeting
places. The convention adjourned at 5
o'clock.
Resolutions of conPTatulatlon of the
veteran president, Ellwood Cooper, were
adopted.
The following appointments. of commit
tees by the chairman were announced:
Committee on labor- — Isldor Jacobs, San
Francisco; L. F. Graham, San Jose; H
\V. Meek, San Lorenzo; "William Thomas,
San Francisco: Phllo Hersey, San Jose.
Committee on suggestion of W. H. Mills
with reference to Pan-American Exhibi
tion at Buffalo — General N. P. Chipman.
Red Blunt; A. R. Bripgs, Fresno; C. M.
Wooster, San Jose; Frank Wiggins, Los
Angeles; Russ D. Stephens, Sacramento.
Committee on fruit packages— B. N
Rowley, San Francisco; R. XV. Her6ey,
San Jose: A. J. Hechtman, San Francisco;
A. G. Freeman. San Francisco; W. Grif
fen, San Francisco.
Committee Appointments.
A resolution In accord with W. H. Mills'
suggestion as to the appointment of a
committee of five to arrange for placing
California fruits on sale at the stands in
the Pan - American Exposition was
adopted.
The olive Industry came up for discus
sion and General N. P. Chlpman said that
fabricated oils had destroyed the demand
for and profits in olive oil. G. P. Hall
of San Diego said that in some parts of
the State at least the olive industry was
highly prosperous.
A resolution was adopted' recommend
ing an appropriation of $10,000 to be placed
in the hands of the State Board of Horti
culture to continue the Investigation and
search for predaceous and parasitic In
sects, to destroy Injurious insecta that
prey upon fruit trees and frutt products;
the enforcement of the pure food laws;
the prevention of the spread of the Bel
gian hare as a pest, and asking the State
Board of Trade, in conjunction with the
Park Commissioners, to ascertain If Cleo
patra's needle, or the New York obelisk,
is scaling off, and if so to commence ne
gotiations for its removal to Golden Gate
Park. : •;
Resolved, That the San Francisco Chamber
of Commerce, State Board of Trade and all
kindred bodies Interested in the welfare of Cal
ifornia and her industries be asked to call im
mediate meetings and forward petitions to Con
gress, urging Immediate and favorable action.
Nicaragua CanaL '
The following resolution was reported
and adopted:
Resolved, That the fruit growers of Califor
nia, In convention assembled, hereby urge upon
our representatives In Congress the Importance
to the State of immediate and favorable ac
tion looking to the Immediate construction of
the Nicaragua canal.
DOUGLAS JERROUD, CREATOR
OF THE "CAUSTIC MRS.
CAUDLE.
an address by President David Starr Jor
dan of Stanford University on "Hybridi
zation and Selection." At its conclusion
a vote of thanKs was tendered the spell
er. Later in the afternoon George E.
Roeding: of Fresno read a paper on the
"California Smyrna Fig on a Commercial
Basis."
THE CALL'S
HOME STUDY CIRCLE
7
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Kihltr & Chs*i, Established 1850.
Our
of
Let Us Explain
the
Knabe Agency,
Headquarters. San Francisco.
26-30 O'Farrell St.
NEW WESTERN HOTEL,
KEARNY ANU WASHINGTON STS.— RE-
modeled and renovated. KING. WARD A
CO. European plan. Rooms, 50c to }1 50 day
$5 to fg week; (8 to 120 month. Free baths; hot
and cold water every room; fire grates la every
room; elevator runs all menu '¦;•¦-
AMUSEMENTS.
TO-DAT AND TO-NIGHT.
LAST PERFORMANCES OF
HAVERLY'S
MASTODONJINSTRELS
eotnraenelns TO-MORROW AFTERNOON,
Ring the bells for the merriest lad of them all.
"A BELLBOY."
With JOIIN M. WELCH. LOU HARVEY.
BESSIE MARLOWE. HAKRY ARM-
STRONG and Others.
BRIGHT, CATCHY MUSIC AND STRICTLY
UP TO DATE.
MATINEE TO-DAY (SATURDAY). Dec 8.
Parquet. 3c, any seat; balcony. lOo; children.
lOo, any part except reserved.
A WHOPPING^ BIG BILL!
PATRICE AXT5 OOMPAXY. ROBERTCB AND
WILFREDO. PAXTZER TRIO. MAY DE
SOrSA. A. M. POWERS, JULIUS P. WIT-
MARK. MARY DUPONT AXD CHARLES
LOTHIAN. MALLORY BROTHERS AND
E BOOKS. THE QREJLT WALDOS.
MATTNEE TO-DAY.
ALICE NIELSEN
And the ALICE NIELSEN OPERA CO.
Direction of FRANK L. PERLEY.
In Herbert and Smith's Success, The
FOaTOdE TELLER,
N^xt Weak— Last Nights
ALICE NIEL3EN.
Mon.. Tues.. Wed., "The Fortune TellT."
Rerasinder of week. "The Sinfe-ing O:il."
GRAND OPERA. HOUSE
Matinees To-Day and To-Morrow.
BRILLIANT SUCCESS OF THE
OLIVER LESLIE CO.
LAST TWO NIGHTS OB"
THE PRISONER of ZENDA
MOXDAT. "MASS ENEMY."
Appearance of WILLIAM BEACH.
PRICES, 10c. 16c. 25c and 50c.
A {«•«, ir,rit rows In orchestra. 7.\«».
MATINEE— 10c, 15c. 25c, 60c—no higher.
Branch ticket of floe— Emporium.
i I w O L. I*
MATTNEE TO-DAY AT It
Of the Great Comio Opera.
THE JOLLY
MUSKETEER!
Which Next Monday Begins
ITS FOURTH AND LAST WEEK!
Evenings at «. ilatinee Saturday at 2.
Telephone Bueh *.
POPCLAR PRICES 25c and 60c
SPECIAL! ipECIALl
"CINDERELLA" will appear Mon-
day, December 17.
ALF ELLINGHOUSE Prop, and Manager
Ph3ne South 770.
MATINEE TO-DAY AND TO-MORROW
"BUND AT."
EVERY EVENING NEXT WEEK.
Our Reflation Capacity Nightly.
THE RAYS' Howlin; Success,
A HOT OLD TIME!
JOHN W. JKSS »« LAP.Tj-r MOONKY
VP TO THE MOMENT.
Evwiir.g— lie. Be. Soc. ."Xjc a:.u ,iu Matlr.ee—
ISc, ISc. 25c and 50c
ECNDAV EVENING. DECEMBER 16.
The Boston Lyric Opera Company,
Headed With the Favorites.
Bienorlna CoUamarinl and gi*. Russo.
F.UiEWELL APPEARANCES
In a Grand Revival ol "CARMEN."
MATINEES TO-DAY AND SUNDAY.
SKATS NOW READY
David Belasco'B Charming Japane»e Story,
MADAME BUTTERFLY
Preceded by the Howling Fare*,
"WHERE IS TOMPKINS?"
NEXT WEEK
"PfTGMALION AND GALATEA"
And
"MADAME BUTTERFLY."
SEATS NOW READY.
CHUTES^™ ZOO
EVERY AFTERNOON AXD EVENING.
SPECIAL TO-NIGHT:
Bi£ Cakewalk !
INCLUDING
TICK CHUM and AH CHOY. champion* <vt
Chinatown.
vs.
FRANK and MARY TAYLOR, champion* of
Darktown.
Telephone for seats. Park 22.
RACING I RACING I RACING I
t&OO— WINTER MEETING— 1801.
CALIFORNIA JOCKEY CLUB.
DEC. 2d to DEC. 15th. INCLUSIVE.
OAKLAND RACETRACK.
Raclns Monday. Tuesday. Wednesday. Thurs-
day Friday and Saturday. Rain or shine.
rive cr more races each day.
Races ttart at 2:15 P- m. sharp.
¦ Ftrry-b-jats leave Kan Francisco at 12 m. and
12:30. 1. 1:20, 2, 2:30 and 3 p. m., connecting
with trains stopping at the entrance to the
track. Last two cars on train reserved for
ladies and their escorts: no emokinir. Buy your
ferry tickots to Shell MoOnd. All trains via
Oakland tr.ole connect with Ban Pablo avenue
elertric cars at Seventh and Broadway. Oak-
land. Also all trains via Alameda mole con-
nect with San Pablo avenue cars at Fourteenth
•nd Broadway. Oakland. These t-lectrie cars
co direct to the track In fifteen mfoutes.
PrftumlnK— Trains leave the track at 4:15 and
4:4L p. m. and immediately aft»r the last race.
THOMAS H. WILLIAMS JR.. President.
R. n. MILP.OY. Secretary. |
FIQPHFR't; CONCERT HOUSt.
COGILL AND COOPER'S COMEDIANS IN
THE GREEN-EYED MONSTER."
A HOST OF SPECIALTIES AND MUSICAL
ACTS!
ftpBerved seat* 2>. Matinees Sunday.
Weak Men and Women
SHOULD USE DA MIAN A BITTERS. THB
ereui Mexican remedy; elves health and
•Uc&ctta tc sexual organs. Depot. SS Market.
j - MISCELLANEOUS.
SMOKELESS
OIL HEATER
FOR THAT COLD ROOM.
..B 84.00 T'>, a SZ
j^LJufot Ijvered anywhere in
-ptgjCO^?*^^ California on approval,
I^3*»W4J?W ! ? to b * returned at our ex-
li-iWiTjKSi I*n«e if not entirely eat-
Ba''"'JWi^ lsfactory. The equal cf
m}£^*M any He * ter that n-
a - >*5£fl ta "s for double the
¦fgpggGSj money. Description:
K«%i->'feviSl ICo- l72 ~ Fount, flang*.
fc«aS&:*« removable top, window
Rrr^Si^rafl frame and number
HrftejSir'ia P'ate are nick»l rilaicd.
JjQSjfiiffiW Cylinder, bases are fln-
f *-\Wfi ' Tim n iBhed In black japan.
! VS56^§*E"SraR3$) £ ues l» Jron cylinder
iHKfcKffiHKi. i lp * back t0 remon
IBs raSm If" 1 ftnd H e bt - Height.
AS3'l3»'Ky/. « Inches. Spread of
9V^$SP/D be " ? - « inches Weight
•**.fe^Gi.v<sV*f. crtted. 16 pound*.
| Heaters for ». M,
PRICE M.0O. CATA "
PATTOSIEN'S,
Sixteenth and MIbuoh Straits.
PqI^PO These hotels dos-
lalatC s C ss the attribute;
j that tourists and
3,110. travelers appreciate
; -y-central location,
frPJI n f\ l^eral manasre-
***• Clix VI ment, modern ap
U . I pointments and
nOtelS Perfect cuisine
American and. Eu-
San Francis co ropean plans.
SANTA CLAUS WILL ARRIVE
IN DUE TIME
to present the compliments of the season
to our patrons on a. beautiful laundered ;
shirt front, collar or cuff. We ara sure
that all will be happy when they see the
festal Yuletide polish that wo will lay on
their linen, and at the same time extend
our best wishes' for their health, so that
they can soil enough linen for the next I
year to keep us busy. •
Domestic finish for full-dress shirts If
you order It
No saw edges.
UNITED STATES LAUNDRY
Office 1OO4- Market Street
Telephone— South 4-2O.
Oakland Office— 62 San Pablo Av».
STATEMENT
OF THB
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
OF THE
New Amsterdam Casualty
COMPANY
OF NEW TORK. IN THE STATE OF XEW
York, on the 31st day of December. A. D.
ISP?, and for the year ending on that day. aa
rw.de to the Insurance Commissioner of the
State of California, pursuant to the provisions
of Sections 610 and 611 of the Political Code,
j condensed as per blajik furnished by the Com-
' mlssioner.
CAPITAL.
Amount of Capital Stcck, paid up In
Cash J200.000 00
ASSETS.
Ca»h Market Value of all Stocks and
Bcnd6 owned by Company $275,000 00
Cash In Company's Office 8.S47 24
Cash In Banks 11.893 3?
Interest due and accrued on all Stocks
iind Loans 1.4SS 33
Premiums In due Course of Collection. 24,766 02
Total Assets (316.964 95
LIABILITIES.
Los&es In process of Adjustment or In
Suspense \ J5.683 15
LoEKes resisted. Including expenses... 2,375 00
Gross premiums on Risks running one
year or less, $ ; reinsurance 50
per cent 80,170 92
Gross premiums on Risks running
more than one year, %....; reinsur-
ance pro rata 549 25
Due and accrued for salaries, rent,
«e • 145 67
Due for reinsurance 8.607 80
Total Liabilities .' J72.631 79
INCOME. »
Net cash actually received for prem-
iums Jlll,r7J 78
Received for Interest and dividends on
Bonds, Stocks, Loans, and from all
other iources 7,459 39
Total Income $118,833 17
EXPENDITURES.
Net amount paid for Losses $20,761 10
Paid or allowed for Commieaion or
Brokerage 39 69144
Pa! 3 for Salaries, Fees and other
charges for officer*, clerks, etc 21740 66
Paid for State, National and Local
taxes 3,087 73
All other payments and expenditures.. 44.231 85
Total Expenditures $159,512 7S
EDWARD V. LOEW, President. ~
CHARLES T. HOPPER. Secretary.-
" Subscribed and sworn to before me this 27th
day of January, 1900. *
CHARLES EDGAR MILLS,
Commissioner for California.
E. FV GREENE,
GENERAL AGENT.
405 Montgomery St.,
SAN FRANCISCO, CAL.
PHONEM^IN 5O1J3.
i : V.S .'. AMUSEMENTS.
THE OAKLAND SHOW,"
EXPOSITION BUILDING,
OAKLAND. CAL. -
December 5 to 8.
OPEN WEDNESDAY, 1) A. M.,
! CLOSE SATURDAY, 10 P. R
DOGS.POULTRT. CATS, PIGEONS. HARES.
' INCUBATORS HATCHING DAILY.
' Open from 10 a. m. to 10 p. m.
ADMISSION TO ALL .......25 CENTS
CHILDREN ;................ ...10 CENTS
, Tot a Cold in the Head.
• Laxative Bromo-Quinln* Tablets.; ., • .
Nothing ever made the hit
In the funny world that was
made by "Peck's Bad Boy/'
hut there will soon be another
hit Just as big — and a little
bigger, for we now know
what Mr. Peck can do when
he gets started. The Bad Boy
has grown up and had some
experiences that will make
you die a-laughing when you
read of them in the coming
Sunday Calls — for George W.
Peck has been especially en-
gaged to write exclusively for
our readers, and next Sun-
day's Call will witness hi*
initial bow.The Jury in the case of Fred Hansted.
aJlas "Young Dutchy." charged with mak
ing and uttering a fictitious Instrument
after belnar- out- four hours, found him
gul'.ty aa charged in the Indictment, and
recommended him to the mercy of the
court. - : ¦ . '
January. 15, 1901. has been fixed as the
date for Imposing sentence.
Deuprey Appeals.
Assistant District. Attorney Eugene
Deuprey has filed an appeal to the Su
preme Court from Judge Daingerfleld's
order adjudging him guilty of contempt
w f ,fe CO auUny. f£aiUre * ? ay hlS fOrm « r
Charles Wollpert Wins.
Presiding Judge Bahrs rendered a deci
sion "In a suit brought by H/~G. Krasky
against Charles Wollpert for 'a half-part
nership In a furniture store at 773 Mission
?iV e ,? l ln / avor of the defendant, giving
Wollpert Judgment against \Krasky for
money collected by him.
Lstter-Carriers' Election.
Branch 214. National Association of Let
ter Carriers. h»>!d an election at Golden
Gate Hall Thursday evening. The follow
ing officers were elected: President,
CtMlien McAu'lffe: vice president. Charles
<!e !a Fontaine: treasurer, R. D. Cun
lungham; secretary. Conrad Trteber; col
btctor M. B. A., Thomas Niron; sergeant
at-arms. Fred H. Stanley; physician. Dr.
J'lhn F. Dillon, board of directors, Fr^-d
Kahrenno!x. James H. Bmlth, J. J.
Hughes.
Mutual Aid Association — Board of Di
r*--ctor?, Charles Soeburt. James C. Mur
rhy. CherlcP de la Fontaine, James H.
Sirjth. H. M. I»cke; treasurer. R. d.
C'unninjrham; secretary. Conrad Trieber;
physician. Dr. John F. Dillon.
HOW BEST TO FURTHER
THE FOREST MOVEMENT
Th*> Pioneer Wom.n of California met
In the Native So.i«" building yrst«'rda>
to l:st-?n to an address by Mrs. Emma
£liafw-r Howard on the need of co-opera
tion In the movement for the carp and
preservation of thy forextf of California.
What Ix most needed; said Mrs. How
ard. :.« intHiiK<erit «nd collective
tot ion. nut speeehot. a:id hysteria. Hys-
Urkal ¦citation of th«» subject, she said,
would bring the movement to be classed
ps a fad. arid the support of the women
would ha\»- a value only to ;hat extent
It is not possible, said Mrs. Howard for
the fMhUFiaptk- fofttten to do good bv
t-t.-irt!iigr a movement by themselves; th*-y
must hf content to takr- up the beginning-!
cf others and tarry ihem on ax be.«t they
can. I:i thit. way th«y would perhap.-,
•pain I??? personal credit, but the move
ment would go forward thf faster. There
have Iwen many who have -made tho t=ub
ject of forestry a life study and the wo
men. Mrs. Howard lw>!ieved. should bo
content to asFi<=t those in every practical
way and take the progress of the whole
movement for their reward.
At the conclusion of hor addrc*? Mrs.
Howard whs frlv«>n much applause and
th*>n the r>rcFi.i*>nt of the society. Mrs.
Noble Martin, proposed her for honorary
imxnberKhlp and *ho wa« unanimously
t-Iocted.
DEBUTANTES DANCE AT
THE FIRST COTILLON
Friday Fortnightlys Open Season
Kost Successfully at Lunt's
Hall, Bright With Holly.
Tho flrft danop of the Friday Fortnight
ly* brought all the debutantes together
iast evening. The ciub met. as it has
heretofore done. In Lunfs Hall, which
«»s bright with holly and pretty gownt.
TJ'f cMilinn was the- feature of the even
ing «n<l w-a? led by Micp Olive Holbrook
hii<! auea Brrnie Drown: as=$i?ted by Percy
K'ng and Mr. Somn^rs. In the first set
J-ere Miss Luclo Ivi/ic. Miss Marion Eels.
MtM France* Allen. Mis? MaMorie Gib
l-ors. Mi^s m, -Ma Itobinson. Miss Man
jvicfaoU. Mias IVarl Sabin. the Misses
uracc and LHIIe Sprerkels. Mis? Edith
Mnipssn!!. Mis: S Margaret Salisbury, Ml*.,
Kate May I*!!lr.n. Mrs. A. D. Keyes. Mrs
Albert Rusp.il and Mis« Theresa" Morgan
Aits Kieannr Martin. Mrs. Monroe Salis-
Uury. Mrs Joseph Crockett. Mrs. Jamet
i:<>!.ir.*»n. Mrs Charles Josselyn. Mrs
( >ri! Walker ami Mrs. Ira Pierce acted
us j: reception <-nmmlttee and graciously
Mcicr.tned the pue.-ts.
Like all tho Koriniffhtly affairs the
pu«Kts a*sein!.!'>d ejriy^nnd the dance was
ovct 1>> midnight. A pleaslns Innovation
ujis u dainty bunVt pupper.
THE sub-committee of th« Cali
fornia Educational Commission
appointed last April to frame
laws and proposed amendments
to the constitution, relating to
the teachers and schools of the State,
tendered its report yesterday to the com
mission, which met in the rooms of the
Board of Education in the City Hall.
The following Commissioners were pres
ent:
Edward F. Adams, Wrlchts; J. W. Anderson,
San Francisco; Alden Anderson. Sulsun; James
A nan- Stockton; O. W. Heattte, Berkeley;
H. M. Bland. San Joee; Klmer E. Brown.
Berkeley; Frederic Burk, San Francisco; Rev.
T F Burnham, Vallejo; C W . Childs. fcan
Jose George E. Church. Fresno; F. W. Camp
bell E P. Cubberley. Stanford tnl
vereitv; M. E. Dailey. San Jose; Senator John
F. Pavis. Jackson; Dr. E. K. Uille, Oakland;
F F Dunlap. Stockton; James A. Foshay,
Lrfw Angeles- liobert Furlong, San Rafael; Mrs.
Julia Hughes Gilbert, Palo Alto; James W .
Graham. Hanford; Will S. Green. Colusa;
I'uvi.1 Starr Jordan. Stanford Lnlverwty;
Thomas J. Kirk, Superintendent of Public In
struction. Sacramento; J. W. Linscott, Santa
Cruz- C. W. Mark. San Francisco; \\. 5.
Mellc'k Pasadena:- Charles A. Murdock, San
Francisco- J. W. McClymonds. Oakland; Mayor
James I). Phelan. San Francisco; E. T. Pierce.
1>M Aniteies; W. R. Porter. Santa Cruz; It.
M Shackelford. Paso Rubles; John Swett, ex-
Ftate Superintendent. Martinez: R. H. Webster,
represented by \V. D. Klngsbury, San Fran
cisco; H. Wetnstuck. Sacramento.
The convention was called to order by
H Weinstock of Sacramento, with G. \V.
Heattie of Berkeley as secretary.
The proposed amendment to the con
stitution permitting State aid for high
schools and technlcaJ schools was sub
mitted by the committee, and though
meeting with the approval of the edu
cators was referred back to the commit
tee for slight changes in the phraseology.
Control of Normal Schools.
The next amendment proposed, whereby
the direction of normal schools was to be
Invested In a board composed of the Gov
ernqr. Superintendent of Public Instruc
tion and sixteen others appointed for a
term of sixteen years, caused a sharp de
bate. S. J. Dailey of San Jose called the
attention of the assemblage to the danger
lurking In the fact of sixteen men con
trolling normal school affairs for such
a long time, even though the amendment
provided that, two of the board should re
tire at the end of e«ch two years. Pro
fessor Cubberley replied to Mr. Dailey.
saying: "We want to get the affairs of
tho nurmal schools of the State In the
hand? of a board whose tenure of office
shall be longer than that of the Governor,
thus curtailing the power of any State
Executive who might wish to control the
schools for sake of patronage."
President David Starr Jordan entered
th«" room during the discussion on hear
ing the proposed change In the laws, and
Joined In the debate.
"Cut the term in half." said Dr. Jor
dan, "and you will get better results. A
good man on the board for the entire
term would be of great benefit, but on
the other hand a bad man would be a
great detriment. Five-year terms, in my
opinion, would be long enough."
The • idea advanced by ' Dr. Jordan
seemed to be satisfactory to all, but when
put to a vote was defeated by three votes
and the committee's recommendation was
adopted.
Parental Schools Discussed.
After several minor questions concern
ing the rights of city and county boards
of education had been discussed and
settled, the question of parental schools
was Introduced.
The section of the proposed constitu
tional amendment referring to the ques
tion of the funds from which the ex
penses of such a school would be de
frayed was referred back to the commit
tee on motion of J. AY*. Llnscott, who de
sired that the sub-committee Incorporate
In the section a paragraph calling for "an
estimate of funds to be submitted to the
city" to defray expenses other than the
payment of salaries of teachers. F. E.
Dunlap and J. W. McClymonds were ap
pointed a committee to furnish Informa
tion as to what constituted a parental
school. The section referring to the em
ployment of children, which would Inter
fere with the enforcement of the compul
sory educational law, was also referred
back to the committee on the ground that
it was unconstitutional, as was also sec
tion 6. which provided for the disposition
of the fines collected from offenders con
victed of violation of the act governing
In* employment of children tinder 14
years of age.
Section 11, giving to any "City Re-
life diplomas to furnish evidence of hav
ing taught a part of each year for ten
years, the aggregate time of teaching be
ing seventy months, be changed to six
years and forty-two months. This was
adopted without discussion.
The report of the committee on section
3of section 16fi3 was discussed at length.
The proposed amendment reads:
The public schools of California, other than
those supported exclusively by the State, shall
be classed as high school*, technical schools,
elementary schools (Including primary and
grammar grader), and kindergarten-primary
FChoolF. and no teacher shall be employed to
teach In any school If the certiflcat- held by
the teacher is of a class below that of a
school to be taught: provided, that the holders
o£ existing primary certificates or of the same
when hereafter renewed, shall be eligible to
teach In any of the first five grades of the
elementary schools of the county. The cpuruy
board of education must, except In Incorporated
cltl<>6 having boards of education, on or be
fore the first day of July of each year, pre
scribe the course of Btudy in each grade of
the elementary schools for the ensuing school
year.
T. J. Kirk, Superintendent of Public
Instruction, said there were teachers In
this State instructing both primary and
grammar grades while holding only a
primary certificate. This was possible In
districts where it was necessary to have
nine grammar grade pupils to form a
grammar grade, any less number being
called a primary class. The amendment
as proposed would be an Injustice to these
teachers. R. M. Shackelford of Paso Ro
blea did not wish legislation against any
particular class of teachers, but believed
that In the treatment of those holding
certificates or diplomas the rights of the
pupils should not be overlooked.
Primary Grade Certificates.
W. D. Kinpsbury gained the floor and
said: 'This matter of primary grade cer
tificates should be allowed to work itself
out. It is only a matter of time when
those holding these certificates will have
enough school teaching experience to en
able them to apply for a higher grade,
and thus reduce the number. There are
only 45 holders of these certificates In
this city, and any legislation against
them will do harm to our other plans.
These 45 teachers were strong enough to
legislate at Sacramento and obtain what
they wanted, and we want no opposition
at the next session, when this report will
be submitted."
The matter was finally settled by chang
ing that part of the amendment affecting
the primary grade certificates, as fol
lows:
Provided, that the holders of existing primary
certificate* or of the same when hereafter re
newed, shall be eligible to teach In ajiy of
the first five grades of the elementary schools
of the county, or In any grade that haa been
designated by the county superintendent as a
primary grade.
The question of special certificates at
tracted the Individual attention of the
entire convention, as In the event of the
proposed amendment being adopted a
number of teachers holding these certifi
cates In case kindergarten grades were
established In the public schools, would be
unable to retain their positions. The dis
cussion- lasted for some time, and was
participated In by Professor Brown W
D. Klngsbury and T. J. Kirk. A motion
to adjourn until 10 a. m. to-day cut the
The committee upon whose shoulders
devolved the entire remodeling of the
school laws consleted of the following-
Thomas J. Kirk. J. W. McClymonds^ EU
mer E. Brown, Ellwood P. CubberJy J
W. LInscott. Robert Furlong, R. m"
corder. Justice of the Peace or other city
magistrate" jurisdiction over the viola
tors of the enforced education law, was
adopted.
On motion cf Professor Brown the deci
sion of the convention to take up the re
port as submitted was reconsidered and
the proposed amendments to sections 1503,
1521. 166a. 1770. 1771, 1772 and 1775. relating to
the Issuing cf diplomas, was taken up.
A communication concerning these
amendments from a committee appointed
at the last meeting of the Sacramento
Teachers' Institute was read. The letter
stated that many of the amendments pro
posed at the last convention would work
a great Injustice to hundreds of teachers
throughout the State, and recommending
to the sub-committee changes that would
not prove harmful to any holders of diplo
mas. Discussion developed the fact that
the memorial of the Sacramento teachers
had been anticipated and the changes
feared wera not made in the persent re
port.
Granting of Diplomas.
Section 5 of the proposed amendment to
section 1503, reading as follows, was next
brought up:
Said diploma of graduation from any State
normal Fchool in thls> State, when. accompanied
by a document granted by the faculty of the
State university, showing that the holder of
ruch diploma has successfully completed the
course of Instruction in said university pre
scribed for students who are graduates of a
normal school of this State, shall entitle euch
holder to a high school certifiente authorizing
the holder to teach In any elementary school,
and In any high school in this Slete In which
eald holder is not required to t*acb languages
other tHan the Knglish.
This was objected to by Professor Cub
berly on the ground that it afforded a
cheap and i-asy manner of obtaining a
diploma. His views were concurred in by
Messrs. Anderson, McClymonds and LJns
cott, and on motion of the latter the sec
tion was stricken out.
Section 2, providing that the credentials
upon which persons may be certificated
to teach In the high schools in this State
must be the equivalent of a diploma of
graduation from the University of Cali
fornia, with a recommendation of the fac
ulty thereof, was adopted after a short
discussion.
Classes of Life Diplomas.
The convention decided to recommend
the granting of life diplomas. In four
grades, ns follows:
High school — Authorizing the holder to teach
In «ny elementary school or In any hlKh school.
Elementary school— Authorizing the holder to
teach In any elementary school. .
Kindergarten primary— Authorizing the hold
er to teach in any kindergarten primary.
Special— Authorizing the holder to teach In
any school such special branches and In such
grades as are named on such diploma.
It was recommended by the committee
ihat a four-tlfths vote of all the members
of a county or city and county board of
education be necessary to secure the
granting of a diploma,, but this was
amended to read "a three-fourths vote,"
on motion of W. D. Kingsbury. who con
tended that a three-rtfths vote in case of
tho absence cf one or more members of a
board would delay the granting of the
diploma and prove an Injustice to the ap
plicant. Klnt,sbury cited several cases in
support of his motion.
It was moved by J. W. Lfnscott of Santa
Cruz that the law requiring applicants for
EDUCATIONAL COMMISSION
DISCUSSES PROPOSED LAWS
HABDWARE MEN HOLD
FIRST ANNUAL BANQUET
Ilrmbers of the Association Partake
of Elaborate Repast and Listen
to Wittw V'oasts.
The San Franctec* and Oakland Retail
Hardware Dealers" Association ban
queted at Tortorii's last e-vonlng. Al
though the association is a mere infant,
having born organized lrss than six
rr.rnths. it i? sturdy for it^ age and is
destined to occupy an important place 'n
fr':ni Francisco tr:idc circle".
Practically every member was present
Thf repast wa.= an excellent one and after
tr,»- guests had partaken of it generously.
F. H. Ellis, chairman of the arrangement
< i-mmittee and toastrnaster of the even
ins, (ailed upnn President Sites, who de
livered the address of welcome. He pre
dicted a brilliant future for the associa
tion.
Th" rb.iertf of the association were
briefly outlined in a happv toast bv V. F.
Oeborn. after which S. V." Armstrong told
Of some of the things the association has
accnmpllshrd and 1p likely to bring about
in th* future. "The Relationship Be
twof-n Jobbers and Retailer?" was the
s-ubjec-t of a well handled speech by Hen
ry Graory. The clo.-ing t--ast was' given
ty J. p. Maxwell, who related some in
<i<lmts and conditions which he had ob
•erred among the trade while in the East.
Manager Leahy
Po i Is the
Plot.
DOC" LEAHV, manager of the
Tivoli. thinks George Bowles, as
sistant manager of the Alice
Nielsen Company. Is a "srood fel
low." but just the same he ha*
decided not to give him any more boxes
i ear the stage of tho opera-house. When
Bowles arrived in town Leahy was one
cf the first old friend* whom he met. He
v»as invited to come to the Tivoli and see
the Fhow at any lime. Bowles, accom
panied by Manager Pcrley of the Nielsen
corrpany. availed himself of the invita
tion. They were given a box next the
Ktape and they wen- th» most interested
members of the audience. When the
choni« girls cam? on Bowles was in
FCtrtacy. and immediately began laying his
plans to secure four of the cutest beauties
for h'.a company.
A day or t«o after the visit of Perley
and Bowles to the T:voll Manager Leahy
vi as standing outsidf the Columbia wher.
ho was surpriped to see Mabel Milliard,
Annabolle Gordon, Jtistina Wayne and
Blanche Woodman, the stars of hln
Chorus, float up to the box offlce of the
theater. He thougn; they were just buy
ing scats and dismissed the Incident from
his mind. Soon after Charlie Krause,
the treasurer of the Tivoli. was walking
up Powell street and was surprised to see
the dashing female quartet come out of
the stage door of ;hc- Columbia.
They caught slg.it of Krause and im-
EBedfately proceeded to unbosom them
ee|v«* to him. They said Bowles liac 1 .
offered th«:m a swell -r.gagement and that
they had accepted h;s oner. He had
tempted tiifm with a promise of a trip to
I>.'iidon With the Alice Nielsen Company.
He iold them of tho glories of St. Pauls
Cathedral and the British Museum and
wound up by declaring that if they were
real wise they might land a real live lord.
The offer was too tempting and they hao
decided to accept It
KrauRe reported the matter to Leahy
ami a council of war was held. Leahy
was in favor of oratorical persuasion as
tlir best means of unuoing Bowles* work.
That Bight he went back on the stage and
l;ad a "neart-to-heai t talk" with the girls,
lie told them that the Tivoli was their
home, that Bowles was just handing
them hot air and tfint they should not
treat his offer with j-eriousness. Leahy's
eloquence was iriesisible. The girls
were dissolved in tears and In broken sobs
declared they could never, never leave
uear old Frisco.
Bowles eays he ip sorry that the girls
will not join his company, but that the
effort to win them over was perfectly
lesltimate. He claims that Barnabee of
the Bostontans, when the Nielsen com
pany was playing in St. Louis, tried to
secure some of his shapely chorus girls
for the Bostonians and he thought he
would emulate Barnabee'3 example.
Bowles Essays
to Lure Them
From Tivoli.
Passing out examination questions to fa
vored pupils . 1-efore examinations were
held Is another charge made against the
management of the College of Physicians
and Surgeons, of which Dr.' and Colonel
Winslow Anderson is the head and gen
eral manager.
These questions, while not written In the
exact verbiage of those used in the ex
amination proper, were so closely allied in
substance that none who had an opportu
nity to cram for a few days could possi
bly fall. Xot all the students got these
questions. That is what makes some of
them talk out of school. Some of those
who got them seemed not averse to al
lowing their less favored brethren to en
joy their superior pull from considerations
of affection or something more tangible.
It is current talk among the undergrad
uates, both of the medical and dental de
partments, that the questions were hand
ed around during the time preceding the
last commencement. The "frat men," aa
were commonly known, those who com
prised the favored few. first obtained the
questions, and then disposed of them as
they saw fit. The men outside of the
'frat had to get them as best they could.
This was particularly true in the dentai
department, and men who have had ex
perience in other colleges do not hesitate
to say that gross favoritism was shown
In the graduation of candidates. They
say that while the college prospectus an
nounces that there is plenty of clinical
material to be had in the neighborhood
without interfering with the practice of
other physicians, still unless they brought
in their own subjects they were afforded
but little opportunity for actual work.
Some of these etudents, tiring of this lack
of work, made complaint and were penal
ized in standing therefor. So obnoxious
became these petty annoyances that a
large number left the college and sought
other schools.
Another feature of the case is the po
litical side, in which the old question of
the right of the city to maintain a quar
antine, together with that of the Federal
Orovernment, on the bay of San Fran
cisco was raised. Dr. Anderson was one
of the lobbyists in the matter.
A bill amending section 3009 of the Po
litical Code was introduced, which gave
the college of Physicians and Surgens a
right to have the same number of in
ternes and students in the City and
County Hospital as were allowed other
institutions. It made no provision for a
quarantine officer, and deprived Dr. Dud
ley, then the superintendent of the hospi
tal, of hie position by reason of a clause
that was inserted.
The bill passed both houses of the Leg-
If 11 "* 5 and flnal ly reached Governor
uudd. It had been amended In committee
to meet the wishes of the local medical
fraternity, but between the time of its
passage and the time that it reached
Governor Budd's hands there was a
change made which took all the essence
of the measure out. An investigation fol
«r e ui'i £ the blam e was never traced.
U nile the measure was before the Gov
ernor, Dr. Dudley, then the resident phy
slclon In the City and County Hospital:
?/¦ iR: J - F ' tz Klbbons of the Board of
Health and others, who were supposed to
have influence with Governor Budd, were
offered chairs in the College of Physicians
and Surgeons. They were barred by their
own action from entering the City and
County Hospital until the local Board of
Health extended that privilege. It is said
that the offer made to Dr. Dudley carried
k. i . a Clalar y larger than that he was
obtaining from the city. The following
froTDST^Lainer' 1 " 641 lESt nl * ht
rel with the College of Physicians and Sur
£ 2?\ ,fc e " X l asB , ocla ted myself with others
m« i ??*,.! BCb °°\ X tOl(1 them X would re
a firm foundation. I lectured the first year
and part of the next, when I obtained capa
ble assistants and retired from the classroom.
From the first we had trouble about our
accounts. Some of u» wanted our business
affairs carried on like those or any bus ness
f° nC *. rn -,, but Dr Anderson, who as dean! col
lected all the moneys of the school, claimed
to possess superior knowledge of bookkeeping
and resented as a personal affront any demand
to know anything about the financial affairs
of the college, except what he chose to give
out. A stormy meeting of the faculties forced
the trustees to obtain. an expert and to open
a s*t of books. Mr. D. S. Folger was em
ployed a» expert and It would be amusing to
hear his estimate of Dr. Anderson's queer
methods In bookkeeping for the college The
faculties and the board of y-ustees met at Dr
Anderson s office and accepted the hospltalll
ties of his office in the way of whisky, beer
and cigars, which In a way may account for
the toleration of abuses. °
When we got ready to purchase a lot Dr
Anderson said we had Jll,000 on hand.' Oii
that statement we agreed to buy It. but we
were soon told we were short several thou
sand dollars. I did not loan the. college any
money for prudential reasons. Among thf note!
which I signed as president was one to Mrs.
W inslow Anderson for an amount I can not
now recall, but I signed none for Dr Ander
son, and never knew he loaned any to the
heinT;* ? Ut ri f l 5 a 5, loaned by Mrs Anderson
•k J.t? Dr. Anderson It may account for
the difference between the $11,000 announced
by Dr. Anderson to* have been on hand at one
oTffirml 6 faTe°r Unt t0 be actuaI *
Shortly before I resigned Dr. Anderson,
while In a very jrroierjry condition at a faculty
meeting In his office, showed me a check for
one or two thousand dollars In favor of Dr
Southard, treasurer, and asked me what the
faculty had to kick about when money came
In like. that. I asked him If he deposited all
!SS nanrrofTh n e ey colre g h e! 9 "" M ""^ « '"
He said "He did and atways had " I re
monstrated with him. and later when hH head
and told him that as president I would be%e
riously blamed if anything went wrong-th^t
members of the faculties were complaining and
that it was not businesslike *"ainin B ana
• My protests were dlBregarded and I called a
rneetlnK at the college bulldln*. whVr" the
faculties passed a resolution recommending {he
trustees to collect all college moneys at the
S the b n U J^ n(? f an t d K t0 6 ir tlt aU wHeire fund'
llomentary methods at their command to de
feat the resolutions, but they carried
Immediately after the adjournment of the
faculty meeting a trustee meeting was held.
The members present were Anderson. Boxton.
Morffew, Southard. Hodghead and myself
When I presented the resolutions Just passed
by the faculties they would not even second
a motion to consider them, although the ma
pority of thatn had In private conversation told
me such measures ought to be passed. Boxton
and Morffew were the dental members of the
trustees and Anderson. Hodghead. Southard
and myself the medical : members. Dr. Potter
belntr absent on military service.
I felt that when we had reached a point
where I differed with every member of the
hoard of trustees as to the wisdom of letting
Dr. Anderson deposit all college funds In his
own name It was time for m» to resign.
Dr. Southard has always Impressed me as
scrupulously honest. Anderson made no secret
of his Influence over Hodghead. He told me that
he could have him put In Ban Quentln for em
bezzling money and had taken the Pacific Medi
cal Journal In part payment for a deficit. I do
not care to question the motives of the other
trustees.
I have been told that at a subsequent meet
ing: they adopted all the faculty recommvida
tlonk. But I fe-lt at the time that I could not
afford to quarrel with my associates about or
dinary business methods and I resigned nearly
I have no personal knowledge of what has
tranFplred rfinee and am not In this quarrel,
the Introduction of my name at thin time be-
Inr. merely Incidental and my verbal sketch of
Dr. Anderson's well-known flatulent Import
ance not? Intended for publication.
i J. R. L.AINE.
Dr. J. B. I,aine Tells Over His Signa
ture Why He Resigned From
College of Physicians
and Surgeons.
Students Said to Have Been
Given Examination Ques
tions in Advance.
METHODS OF
MEDICAL SCHOOL
Bottles Found Not Stamped
and Their Stock Is
Confiscated.
Intemal H? venue Collector Lynch
Points Out the Difficulty of Col
lecting the Govern-
ment Impost.
Deputy Internal Revonuo Collector* GI1
chrlct and Hawketl made seizures yoster
daj- of «ev- ral cases of unstanijx'd wine
in bottlrc in the establishments of the
Mctrnpoiiinn Wine Company. T14 Fol!> o m
street: Martin Petltacher. 253 Third Btreeti
M. J. Drmpsfy, 21." Fourth street: George
Hoerter. 1* Seventh J. S«»rres. 9»l
Fourth street: Joseph Champion. 3U
Fourth street; Btnuiftk? Wine A Liquor
Ompnny. 124 S'.vcr.th Ftreet. and the
VTcsta rn Wine Association. 23? Sixth
stre<-t.
A formal complaint ajrainst the fore
fntrie firms has bot n forwarded to \Ya.$!i-
U*r!on by ijiU-rnal Revenue «"ollector
Lynch. The an u*« d parties will be given
¦n opportunity ti> oonprointac with th»*
Government upon the payment of such a
m<".nf> pennity as may bo imposed by the
'¦^mrr.iiKionor of Internal K^venm*. such
l"-;r:c ih* <-ours»- u«tinl!y naopxril in s=uch
case*. Tht par:'<.* aKBtnvt whom th
comp'alnt r:ai made pleaded ijrnoranop of
lie i;-w tv«;u:r:Pi; a two-rent r«VCnu«
Ft.riii> to be .ilf\e«! to each quart bottle
Bud it ¦ np-ccrt str'tnp to oarh pint bottle
tot wipf oftered Cur Kale.
All i'U n -v*.ir :'.",<-, s-veral restaurant
l.i ;¦. r* In this city farmed :\ oomhlnatinn
;• ¦ employed Captain J. K. Youngberjt.
< it its ! r |c< r. .<) lay lw fore the Internal
J.'\'i-u<- i i-pirlmtT.! tl~c manifest lnjus
t <i <f the war H'.ajn;) tax of ten cents
; r fa!Wn <n bottled vine*., :u< ais
f! >*.'!-.• brics made between chamii.ipne?
tctMiPg n' fi> V'T b-HUe und clarets
• j; t« >1 .:: :.¦• ' < n;p per pai'on. It was suir
!•¦' f><i U» the :!i rartnic m that the viar
•<x c-ii v.iii^s si.ould li t - oollertrd at thtf
fliftnierj'. az:d that ilie tax should he an
fc \ali.rcm one. 1r..<tead of two tents per
<.;!-. :rt bottle, irrt-F;>e«tive of price. Col
!¦ < :ct Lynch has made the same ?UEgc»
t"> n. .''.!kJ has laid bt-fore the depHrtment
the Oiftk-ulty of collecting th»» tax in Up
lucent form.
N'ir ; y all the iheap restaurants draw
Xt>- tal'le wine out of barrel.* into pit^h
<;> and pny no tax at all. while In the
hSgber-priced rtstaur.-ints it fa impossible
for the revenue oCJcen to know whether
or not a stair;i«d bottle has been refilled.
CAUGHT EVADING
THE WINE TAX
FOUR PRETTY CHORUS GIRLS
ARE NOW VERY REPENTANT
Chief of Police Sullivan Is determined
to prevent the threatened highbinder war
in Chinatown. For the past few days
the rival tongs have been arming them
selves preparatory to a bloody clash.
Chief Sullivan learned of their intentions
and he determined to prevent the threat
ened outbreak.
Accompanied by one of his trusted men
the Chief visited Chinatown yesterday
and personally Interviewed the presidents
of the bloodthirsty factions. They as
sured him that there would be no trouble,
but as it was apparent that they were
making preparations for a desperate bat
tle the Chief warned them that he would
not tolerate any breach of the peace, even
at the cost of arresting every member of
the highbinder organizations. After some
discussion the heads of the rival factions
faithfully promised to meet the Chief at
11 o'clock this morning at his office and
agree on some compromise.
The fact that a. number of desperate
highbinders from Sacramento and other
Interior places have arrived here durln"
the past few days is convincing proof, so
the police think, that "something Is do-
Ing" among the rival highbinder tones
Since the brutal murder of the a«ed
Chinese shoemaker in his shop on Wash
ington street the tongs with which he was
ailliated have been quietly arming them
selves, expectinc that they would short
ly be Called upon to avenge hla tragic
death. The rival tongs learning of their
intentions prepared to do battle.
When the presidents of the rival tonics
meet with Chief Sullivan to-day he In
tends to read the riot act to them.
Bloodthirsty Highbinders
Hoist a F A ag of
PROMISE NOT
TO DO BATTLE
THE SAN Fit AISCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, ( DECEMBER 8. 1900.
TIVOLI CHORUS STARS WHO PROMISED GEORGE BOWLES THEY
WOt'LD GO TO LONDON WITH ALICE NIELSEN'S COMPANY
AND THEN PROMISED MANAGER LEAHY THEY WOULDN'T.
The Chinese Almanac.
Th^r» U no work In the world of which bo
many copies are printed annually am of the Chi
nese almanac. It predicts the weather, and
notes the days which are considered lucky or
otherwise for commencing any undertaking,
for marrying, burying, or for applying rem«-
Cte* to disease*. A lucky day la not necersary
when Hostetter's Stomach Bitters li> taken for
<> nstifiatlon. Indigestion, dyspepsia, biliousness,
!ivtr or kidney troubles. It will cure all these
riiftordcn.
"Young Dutchy" Convicted.
8
JOSEPH FIGEL. MERCHANT. TAIL-
OR. The latest styles to select from. Suits
from $20 upward. Overcoats, fancy vests
etc.. at: greatly reduced prices. Second
floor Flood Building, Fourth and. Market
streets. , . ' •
Geo. W. Peck, v ex-Governor
of Wisconsin,, has written
about that Bad Boy. grown up.
Of course you remember the
old original "Peck's Bad Boy"
which made the greatest hit
in the world of comics that
has ever been made. Well, the
boy is just as funny now as he
was then, and Mr. Peck has
consented to tell our readers
about him as he now is. If
you don't get next Sunday's
Call you will miss the first of
these great papers, for ' he
writes for The Call exclu-
sively and you can't afford to
overlook the largest wave of
fun that has ever, struck the
coast.
MRS. J. C. DUNN, TARENTUM, PA., writes:
"I owe you a great debt for the good
Paine's Celery Compound has done my
baby boy and myself. About a year ago
his face broke out in sores. . We had two of
the best doctors attend him, but the sores
kept on spreading. Finally we tried JPaine's
Celery Compound, and one bottle cured him
of a bad case of eczema. I am using the
Compound now for nervousness, and it is
doing wonders fdr me."
Paine's Celery Compound is the
national home medicine, and has
made thousands of permanent
cures. '¦ It strengthens and builds
your nerves, keeps the blood pure
and nutritious, makes your wh6le
body healthful and vigorous. It will
cure* your indigestion, back-ache,
rheumatism, and nerve prostration.
Has Done Wonders for My Baby
Boy and Myself. It is a Great
Medicine for the Home
PAINE'S GELEBI GOMPOUND
O ft rr n f\\l I I Corner Fourth and
CAFF ROY! ars-y^
¦ • xzlibtt checked Ire*
WbbHy Gall $1.00 Her Year
Tour name in gold letters free of charge
on all fine pocketbooks. letter and card
cases, memorandum and bill books diaries
v a £ ,7? e I a r' a^, traveling sets. Sanborn.'
v ail & Co., 7U Market street, •
[£ AT £ N TS^ VI
%8S^330 l^ARKET ST. S.F *
v. A S ? V Kn n £ h ., ch " rcn for whIt « people
has established a Sunday school class of
colored deaf-mutes. 3 OI
For a Cold in the Head.
Laxative Bromo-Qulnlne Tablets. ,-;*•
ffi— •. C iV£t?E? TCR1S ENGLISH
fraJNYROYAl PILLS
1FE. ilonnlulilii La41«*. •<> Drmfit
*t GHItiBlESTE^^yGuSil
la ,.£? D^ *W d o - eum ° *"«• «•*«
«fta tlM ribboa. Take so .th er. KefWae
J«W«« Sab.Ut»tJ«. ud I«ltZ.
tion*. Bay jf jomt Dnam, or Mat 4«. la
tar. Mail. 1 *,•«« TwinoalaU. 8«V»>
PAHIE'S CIXEBY COMPOUND.
THOUSANDS OF CURES.
PILES CURED
Or we will pay any one $25 who cannot be
with one box of verus Pile Cure. Prtca
$2.00. Over 10.000 cured. No failure.
"I had Protruding Piles many yearn.
Tried every remedy I heard of and had
them cut out twice. I despaired of a
cure until I tried Verua Pile Cure. I
was never so surprised In my life to find
myself cured before using half a box. Is
Is indeed wonderful.
"E. P. WETDNER,
"I17S Fifth St.. Des Molnes. Iowa."
VERUS PILE CURE CO., RE 226. Wilsoa UlQCi
Or the old and reliable Ellington Dru?
Company, Agents. Fourth and Spring
streets, Los Angeles, CaL
DR. CROSSMAN'S
SPECIFIC MIXTURE
For the Care of Gonorrhoea. Gleets.
Strictures and analogous complaint*
off ths Organs of Generation.
Price $1 a bottle. For sale by druggists.
"California: Wild - Flowers." "Violet"
"Poppy" and "Little Chinese" axe' the best
calendars for Eastern friends. Ready for
mall at .Sanborn & Vall's, 741 Market
Street-" ¦ ¦ ¦ ¦.,.-"-, ¦*¦-.->¦'-- -- ,. - ' _¦' - ">*„;; '„._*• .¦
A visit OR. JORDAN'S orsat
Imuseuh of anatomy
9 £1 i55iJU33T5t.&s.fci«a.s.r.:rf.
\ sf The Ltnrwt Anatomical MoMtim In tbe
9 JesMfa^ wo**<L WatkkaMMs or any contracted
A, 1*5 «M £'•*»'• »e«HI»»l7«M* by the <Xd«t
A *& 0 * 1 '" c " "* Co**. Bit 36 ytmn
? 6SK M. JORDAN-PRIVATE DISEASES
A iQJm t«a«ult»tion free and ttrlcOy pnrata.
9 i *?%£ L Tr * " mant personally or by 1ett»r. A
\ B ro*,txw4 Cur* In every cat« ««^i*^*w^. l
»r U • w m« '« fr»k. PRiLOsoPnv tf
T I «A««1A€SK. MAILED »««. I A
A fl JL valuable book for meat
< O»vJ«BI> AH A CO., 1CM JIark»t Sfc.R V.The line of the investigation into the
values of the Spring Valley Water Com
pany's property by the Board of Super
visors as a committee of the whole last
night was chiefly directed toward an at
tempt to have the officials of the com
pany reduce its figures on the given cost
of the Pllarcitos Creek property. The
testimony developed that six miles of the
thirteen miles of pipe laid in 1S6S had been
taken up and replaced by larger sized pipe,
the cost of which also appeared in the
values given. Heed and Brandensteln, who
conducted most of the examination of the
witnesses, questioned them with a view
to having them acknowledge that the
value of the pipe taken up . should be
stricken out of the original cost. Pelham
Ames, secretary of the company, would
not have it that way.
Ames gave the items of cost of the
Pilarcitos Creek, property as follows:
Land, $lbO.O79 35; tunnels, 12441 22; San Ma
teo and San Andreas tunnel, )T3,624 01;
reservoir. $227,162 07: dam, J223.969 52; pipe
line to city, built in 1S68. $199,606 26; tho
"forebay." $lt.9$2 29; new pipe line, built
in 1897. S.-99.562 88; total. $1,201,427 43. Ames
said no interest had been added to the
original cost.
"There are seven* miles of thirty-inch
pipe in use," said Assistant Engineer Carl
Schussler. "About ¦'six miles of the. thir
teen miles of pipe orleinally laid has been
taken up and replaced by five and a half
miles of forty-four-inch pipe and 1400 feet
of thirty-seven-inch pipe. The pipe taken
up is now stored In the company's yard. '
Ames was recalled and testified that the
thirty-Inch pipe had been charged to con
struction In 1863 and still appeared under
that account. It was not to be regarded
as having been discarded, as it was ready
to be used at any time for repairs. To a
question asked by Reed whether the pipe
should not be charged to depreciation.
Ames said:
"There Is no depreciation. The old pipe
is still fit to use and will be used. As far
as the books show the pipe is still in use.
I do not know whether the tunnel built
In 1861 Is still In use. No part of the cost
of the Pllarcitos property has been paid
for out of the water rates. • Repair* to
the plant, however, have always been
paid for out of the rates. If any of the
pipo Is taken up and replaced it is charged
to maintenance and does not come out of
the stocks and bonds."
city Engineer Grunsky suggested that
the inquiry be directed toward ascertain
ing the weight and quality of the iron In
the pipe and Ames promised to produce
the specifications In the contracts at the
next meeting.
Assistant Engineer Schussler was of the
opinion that pipe depredated In value ac
cording to the length of time it lies in the
gTotmd. ' The thirty-inch pipe -now re
maining might last . thirty years more,
though it had been in the ground for
thirty-two years past. When Branden
steln endeavored to pin Schussler down to
that admission he said that though he had
been an engineer nine* 1878 he did not
have enough experience to determine how
long wrought iron olpe would last.
Reed drew from Schussler the testimony
that of the two dams designated as "up
per" and "lower" • the "upper" was not
needed. Schussler would not admit that
it was useless, but he said that if the
works were to be constructed over again
the upper dam would not be built, as
there was no necessity for it.
I At this point the committee agTeed to
Unfortunate Chinese Farmer of Mono
County the Victim of White
LTJM YTJ IS ORDERED
DEPORTED TO CHINA
Neighbor's Spite.
Lum Tu, an aged Chinese farmer of
Mono County, was before U. 8. District
Judge de Haven yesterday and received
his sentence of deportation to China for
not having caused himself to be regis
tered In accordance with the provisions
of the Chinese exclusion act.
•Yu is said to be the victim of spite and
persecution, but there was no help for
him, he having clearly failed to comply
with the law, although through no fault
of hla own. He owned an eight-acre
piece of ground near Bridgeport, which
he had cultivated for the past forty
years, supporting himself by raising
vegetables and selling them to the peo
ple of his neighborhood. A few months
ago certain persons desired to open a road
through Yu b ranch, and he refused the
amount they offered him for the right of
way. Shortly thereafter he was arrested
by the local authorities for not having
been registered. He explained that there
were no Chinese near him. and that he
was Ignorant of what was taking place
In the. great world outside of Mono
County, out Ignorance Is no excuse, and
he has sold his ranch and will go home to
China at the expense of the Government.
SPRING VALLEY COMPANY DOES
NOT ACCOUNT FOR DEPRECIATION
amend the ordinance providing for the ap
pointment of an expert engineer and an
expert bookkeeper by striking out the ex
pert engineer. The committee then recom
mended that an expert bookkeeper be ap
pointed for two months at a salary of
$250 per month to assist the board In Its
Investigation.
COLUMBUS, Dec. 7.— Florence Sells re
sumed the stand ir. her father's divorce
case this morning. She enumerated tho
presents Bott had given her mother, dia
mond rings being among them. Bott aleo
gave her mother fancy liquors. Her
mother told her of these presents.
In the evening Mrs. Sells would unlock
the side door.
Florence had driven her mother down to
Brunscn block, Sn which Bott's bachelor
quarters were located, when Florence's
father was at home. Florence and her
mother went to West Baden, Ind., In May,
1899. Bott came a few days later and was
often In her mother's room aj. night. Her
father was not there.
Florence and her mother were at the
Thousand Islands for a month in 1S0S. Bott
was there, too. Bott 'and her mother on
one occasion went away on a boat one
morning and did not return until night.
Asked why she had not told her father
of her mother's "misconduct. Florence
Bald: "When 1 was a little girl I was
brought up with the one Idea of telling
my father nothing. When I grew up to
understand what it meant I dreaded tell
ing it I feared a tragedy. I knew how
my father loved my mother and did not
want to break his heart."
Reasons for Not Telling
of Her Mother's
Misdeeds.
FLORENCE SELLS
FEARED TRAGEDY
Alt EABLIEB STAB.T.
The Narrow-Gauge Hunters' Train
for San Jose to Leave at 9:30 p. m.
The Saturday night train on the narrow
gauge of the Southern Pacific, familiarly
known as the hunters* train, which for
years past has been leaving the ferry de
pot, foot of Market street, at 11:45 o'clock
for San Jose and way points, will com
mence to-night leaving at 9:30 o'clock, and
so continue until further notice. This
train runs Saturday nights only.
'Judge • Cook Falls From a Car on
Way to Hall of Justice
and : Breaks tf~ '
Finger.
¦*
The toils of the law were wound more
and more closely about Albert Hoff In
Judge Cook's court yesterday. Witness
after witness gave most damaging testi
mony against the deft-ndant.
During- the afternoon session Attorneys
Hosmer and Schooler became involved In
an altercation and for awhile It looked as
if the wordy war might terminate in seri
ous trouble. ' Police Oriicer Robinson, on
the stand for the prosecution, was cross
examined at great length by Schooler for
the defense. The attorney claimed that
Robinson was not an Impartial witness.
Schooler: began to wax wrath and with
the rise of his Ire ! his questions were
shouted in such a. loud voice that Hos
mer took exception toi the handling of
the witness. Judge Cook reprimanded
Schooler' for his conduct.
On the opening of^ the case yesterday
morning' Dr. Inman completed his testi
mony. He was followed by Antone Gil
lettl, who kept a fruit store at Twentieth
and Guerrero streets at the time of the
murder.- He was called to 803 Guerrero
street as soon as the tragedy was dis
covered. Running upstairs he saw the
body of Mrs. Clute lying on the floor. He
became frightened and left the house and
did not return.
Officer Robinson was the next witness.
He was on duty at the Seventeenth street
station when he was ordered to go to the
scene of the crime'. He arrived at the
house about 5:50 o'clock. He procured a
lamp and with Officers Phelben and Fil
bert went upstairs. They found the body
of Mrs. Clute in the bedroom. After the
Coroner's deputies had taken the body
away he went down to Eighteenth and
Valencia streets and found Foley, who
had been employed by Mrs. Clute to lay
the carpets. He took Foley down to Cap
tain Seymour's office, where he was inter
viewed by Captain Seymour. Under In
structions Robinson went over to Ala
meda to find Hoff. He returned the sama
evening. The next morning he went to
room 110 in the Lindell House, found a
carpet bag lying on the bed and under
instructions took it up to police head
quarters. The bag waa identified as be
longing to Hoff.
John Bouse, the next witness, testified
that. Hoff came Into his store on Van
Ness avenue and Turk street on Decem
ber 15, about 10 o'clock a. m.; that he re
turned again at noon and stayed there
till shortly after 1 o'clock. He left, saying
that he. was going to work for a nice lady
who had given him a dollar the day be
fore for hanging jome pictures for her.
Hoff came back in the evening about 7
o'clock, read the papers and stepped up
to the bar and said that he had a sore
hand. Bouse looked at the wound, which
was in the palm of his hand and about
an inch long. He recommended to him to
pour some whisky on it. • Hoff was about
to explain how he hurt his hand when
Bouse was called to the front part of the
store to wait on 3ome customers. Hoff
left the store later and went in next door
to the shoemaker's store, Volge's, by the
rear way.
Harry Neemeyer was the clerk of the
IJndell at the time of the crime. He tes
tified that he had known Hoff since 1S34;
that on December 13 a woman, whom he
identified as Mrs. Olute from a photo
graph, called at the house. She left a
card telling Hoff to call Wednesday to do
some work. On December 15 Hoff came
Into the Lindell House on or about 6
o'clock. He was canying his carpet bag
and asked for the key of his room. He
went upstairs, but remained only two or
three minutes. Hoff showed Neemeyer a
wound on his hand, saying that he
scratched It with a nail.
The case went over till Monday morn
ing at 10 o'clock.
Judge Cook broke a finger of his. right
hand by a fall from a streetcar while on
his way to the Hali of Justice. During
the morning session the injury became so
painful that Judgs Cook declared a re
cess and took Dr. Jnman into his cham
bers to set the broken finger.
WITNESSES TELL
OF HOFF'S DEEDS
Schooler Reprimanded for
Severe Way of Cross
. Examining.
D. L. Muddock Objects to the Ap-
DISPUTE OVER ESTATE
OF LATE EMMA ABBOTT
pointment of a Conservator
In Lunacy.
CHICAGO. Dec. 7.— An estate of $100,000
left her father by the late Emma Abbott
Is the bone of contention in a contest In
the Probate Court. When Seth Abbott a
few months ago waa brought back to Chi
cago Insane and sent to an asylum, Mary
M. Bartelme was appointed conservator
in lunacy over the estate. It consisted
of the fund of $100,000 In the Farmers'
Loan and Trust Company, producing an
Income of $400 a month for Abbott. A
petition has been filed by D. L. Muddock
of San Diego, Cal.. in which he claims
the right to manage the estate. He sets
forth that he was appointed conservator
of the estate by the Superior Court of
San Diego County. He asserts also that
at the time of his incarceration Abbott
was not a resident of Illinois, but of Cali
fornia, and none of the property lies In
Illlnoi8, but in New York.
Population of Berlin.
BERLIN, Dec 7. — The census returns
Bhow Berlin has a population of 1,884,345,
compared with 1.677,304 in 1S95.
MANILA, Dec. 7.— More activity Is
Ehown In the operations in Northern and
Southern Luzon. The reports from the
former district come in more quickly and
telegraphic Interruptions are fewer.
General Funston, with Troop A of the
Fourth Cavalry and a score of scouts, last
Thursday encountered 100 insurgents post
ed on the opposite bank of the Nehlco
River. The Americans charged across the
stream and the enemy retreated, firing
from cover. They left four dead on the
neld. A native who was captured report
ed that Fagln, a deserter from the Twen
ty-fourth Infantry, who has been active
with the Filipinos with a party of caval
rymen, has been wounded.
Lieutenant Morrow with fifty men from
the Forty-seventh Regiment attacked and
occupied Bulucan. While returning these
troops encountered Colonel Victorls occu
pying an entrenched position with thirty
rifles and 300 bolomen. Lieutenant Mor
row's force charged and drove the enemy
from their position. It Is believed with
heavy loss. Preceding the fight the expe
dition had captured Major Flores and sev
eral of his followers.
An engagement Is reported to have oc
curred near San Roque. in which, accord
ing: to natives, fifty rebels were killed.
Several minor encounters and captures
are also reported. The American casual
ties have been very slight.
The island of Bohul has recently been
the scene of more activity on «.ne part of
the insurgents than formerly, and a com
pany has been sent to reinforce the bat
talion stationed there.
The members of the Philippine Commis
sion and several military officials will go
to Dagupan to-morrow as guests of the
railway management. Their families have
also been invited. They will return Sun
day.
Encouraging Reports From
Northern and Southern
Luzon.
TROOPS ACTIVE
IN PHILIPPINES
WASHINGTON. Dec. 7.— Surgeon Gen
eral Sternberg made public to-day a
report upon the origin and spread of ty
phoid fever in the United States military
camps during the Spanish war of 1898,
prepared at his Instance by a board con
sisting of Major Walter Reed, surgeon,
U. 8. A.; Major Victor V. Vaughn, divi
sion surgeon, U. S.'V., and Major Edward
O. Shakespeare, brigade surgeon, U. S. A.
There were over 20,000 cases of typhoid
fever among the troops encamped within
the limits of the Lnited States from May
until September of that year. It became
epidemic in all camps, large and small,
north and south.
The board found that many commands
during the war were unwisely situated,
that the space allotted to regiments was
in some instances entirely Inadequate, and
many regiments were a-iowed to remain
on one site too long. Requests for changes
in location made by medical officers o:i ac
count of the unfit condition of the camns
in question were not always granted. In
somo instances camps were set up in spite
of earnest protests from medical officers
against the sanitary unfltness of the sites
selected. The camps became very filthy
in general, it la stated, and line officers
are thus held responVble to some extent
for the unsanitary conditions that devel
oped. In this connection the board sug
gests that greater authority be given med
ical officers in questions relating to the
hygiene of camps.
Where water carriage cannot be secured
In permanent ramps it Is suggested that
all fecal matter be disinfected and then
carted away 'from the camp, and the
board has made a special recommendation
that galvanized iron troughs containing
milk of lime be utilized for this purpose.
Infected water was found to be an Im
portant factor in the spread of typhoid in
the encampmentB of 1898. To guard against
the contamination of the water supply,
facilities for the sterilization of water for
troops In the field are recommended.
Flies which swarmed over Infected fecal
matter in the camp pits are believed to
have transmitted typhoid bacillus. K has
been conclusively settled that a company
badly Infected with typhoid cannot rid
itself of the Infection by simply changing
Its location, as It carries with it the spe
cific agents of the disease. Complete dis
infection of men and effects is absolutely
necessary.
Except where urgent necessity makes It
necessary, the board urges that one com
mand should not be located upon a site re
cently occupied and vacated by another.
Malaria was not a prevalent disease
among the camps during the war, al
though many short attacks of typhoid
were generally diagnosed as some form of
malarial fever. Altogether about one-fifth
of the soldiers In the national encamp
ments during the Spanish war developed
typhoid, about half of the cases being cor
rectly diagnosed by the army surgeons.
The death rate was 7.61 per cent, and the
average period of Incubation waa found to
be about ten and one-half days. v: .-.
You Axe
To-day to the opening of the bankrupt
shoe sale. Ladles' shoes that cost between
$2 50 and $3 BO for only 75c a pair at' tho
bankrupt shoe sale of the California Shoo
Company. 1506 Market street, above City
aveauj . . ¦,. jj-rASj
Surgeon General Sternberg
Makes an Interesting
Report.
CAUSE OF TYPHOID
IN ARMY CAMPS
Mrs. F. D. Bates Is in charge of the
salable dolls. She is assisted by Mrs. J.
A.. Watt, Mrs. Freeman Miss Margo, Miss
Hyde and Mrs. Ed Horton. The nsh pond
Is In charge of Mrs. Charles W. Slack.
The model dolls are in charge of Miss
Suzanne McEwen, president of t. e'uoc
tor's Daughters, Mrs. Alfred Tubbs, Mrs.
Daniel Drysdale, Mrs. Fred Tallant and
Miss Gertie Goewey.
¦l
ELEGANTLY ATTIRED LITTLE BEAUTIES WHO POSED BEFORE AN
ADMIRING THRONG. AFOOT AND ON HORSEBACK. IN THE MA
PLE-ROOM OF THE PALACE HOTEL YESTERDAY J AFTERNOON.
DEEP WATERWAYS
COMMISSION REPORTS
.t-stiraates on Cost of Connscting 1 the
Great Lakes With Atlantic
Seaboard.
WASmKGTON, Dor. 7.— The complete
report of lhe I>cep Waterways Commli
t.cn w;.p « 'nt to the House or n.epr«.:>i.i.<i-
Urei tc-day by Secretary Root. The pro
ject is on? for a deep waterway between
ihp great lakes and the Atlantic tidewater
Th» estimated cost of a 21-loot waterway
M giver, at f:?>fi.350.iK>Q and of a 30-foot
waterway at £517.2J4.r>00. An additional es
timate is maw lor aeepenlng the harbors
at Chicago and Duiuth. making the total
aggregated for the Co-foot channel of
ti^n.K'i ,••¦». The cost of annual main
tenance of the 21-foot waterway Is given
at 12.343.478 and of the 30-foot waterway
The most favorable route, the commis
sion states, for a 30-foot waterway from
the lakes to the sea is 'from Lake Erie
to Lake Ontario via La Sa!!e and Lewis
ton, and from Lake Ontario to the Hudson
River \1a O=wero and the Mohawk Val
ley, and that the same route is practically
as favorable for the 21-foot waterway." It
is also pointed out by the commission that
this route is entirely in our own country.
The report is signed by Lieutenant Col
onel Raymond and Alfred Noble and
George Y. Wisner, constituting the com
mission.
Wishes to Study Customs and In
ventions of the American
People.
SHAH'S AID-DE-CAMP
VISITS UNITED STATES
NEW YORK. Dec. 7.— General Isaac
Kahn Mofakhamed Dovlet. general aid
de camp to the Shah of Persia and the
new Persian Minister to this country", was
a passenger on the steamship Deutsch
land. which arrive.! here to-day.
"I come to this country." he said, "pri
marily of course to do what I can to de
velop the relations both of friendship and
commerce between my country and the
I'nlted States. Thes* relations are most
harmonious. I am also anxious to famil
iarize myself with what is best In your
business sense, the way your people live,
your inventions, the applications of elec
tricity and the modern appliances of every
Fort. My countryman will welcome what
:s for their improvement. I come here
to find out just what are their greatest
reeds."
General Kahn was with the Shah when
the attempt v,as made on the latter's life
in Paris.
JOHN S. SILVER IS
AGAIN IN TROUBLE
Charged With Failing to Account for
Money Deposited on
Margins.
NEW YORK. Dec. 7.— John S. Silver,
who claims that he carried on a business
in railway shares and investment securi
ties, was held for the grand jury to-day
ta 11000 bail. The complaint against him,
which charged grand larcveny, was made
by Howard J. Barlow, a former employe
of the Metropolitan Railway Company.
I'arlcw testilied that he had deposited
J.V-t as margin on stock transactions, but
r;ad betn unable to get an accounting
from Silver.
Silver is the man who in connection with
Franci* C. Grable secured $397,000 from the
Chr-mical National Bank a year or so
ago on securities which were afterward
taid to h* worthless. As a result of this
transaction Cashier William J. Quinland
of the Chemical Bank resigned.
this year's effort of the Doctor's Daugh
ters. All the prize winners, the model
dolls, are in one room, mounted on white
tables under dainty arches of green.
There are four rows of them, and they
represent everything from a first prize win
ner in the trimmest of trim riding habits,
mounted upon a piebald por»y. to a bride
in all her finery. There are calling dresses,
street dresses, party dresses, tailor made
gowns, house dresses and evening dresses,
all made with greatest care and all per
fect as to fit.
In an adjoining room are the dolls for
sale, the dolls' house, the dresser, the
dolls" basket and the fish pond. Long be
fore nightfall the big table on which were
the salable dolls began to look rather
thinly populated, for buying was brisk
and Hales were easy. It will be replen
ished, however, so no intending purchaser
need fear being unable to find a doll to
buy.
The doll's house, donated by MJs3 Bruce.
Mrs. Flournoy and Mrs. Ballard, caught
and held the youngsters who were brought
to the show, and there was a continuous
chorus of rapture as succeeding groups
Joined the crowd about it. It is a house
of six rooms, kitchen, bath and hallway.
It has three flights of stairs, a real hat
rack and real hats hanging upon it, and
a youth with a plug hat in the lower hall
who has evidently come to call upon one
of the dolls In the house. There is a real
stove in the kitchen upon .which some cul
inary mysteries are cooking, and there is
a cook working at a kitchen table. Across
the hall is a dining-rcom with the table
laid. Above is a bedroom with a pretty
little dresser, a dainty little bed, a nurse
and a baby. The parlor is done in red,
the living-room in green and the whole is
lighted with tiny electric lights.
The doll's basket, donated by Mrs. Hen
ry J. Crocker, has everything it should
have, which covers a multitude of things,
and the dresser donated by Miss Kate Dil
lon has as much as any baby heart can
desire. The fish pond is a mystery until
a line Is thrown in, and then it becomes
a lottery, with a prize for every player.
To-day will be the last day of the show.
It will open this morning at 10 o'clock, and
at 10 to-night it will close. It is expected
that it will be the children's day, for yes
terday the mothers generally came for a
quiet look unincumbered by youthful
questioners.
Two of the fine dolls have already been
sold, both to Thomas H. Williams. One.
the Hearst doll, he bought for $150. and
the other, the doll dressed and donated
by the City of Paris, he bought for $100.
SpedaJ I>iepateh to The Call.
AfSTI>r. Tex.. Dec. 7.— The first lm
pcrtcr.r step toward the building of a new
transcontinental railroad line was taken
to-day in presenting to the Attor
ney General of Texas for approval the
charter of the Chlcaeo, Rock Island and
Mexican Railroad Company, which road
Is to be a part of the Chicago. Rock Isl
and a^id PaeiSc system.
The charter provioes for the extension
cf tr.e Chicago, IU>ek Island and Pacific
F.aiircad from Its p-esem southwestern
tcrrr.ir.UE at Liberal. Kans.. to While
Coke. Nev.- Mexico, n-here it frill connect
wetth the El Paso and Northeastern Rail
road, running from White Oaks to El
Paso. Tex., a distance of 144 miles. The
Chicago. Rock Island and Pacific has Just
i ui chased the Kl PatiC and Northeastern
riailroad and the deal w!il be formally
jatlf.ed by the board cf directors of the
lorir.er company ai their meeting to be
r.e.d in New York Cuy on December 15.
1 !:e proposed txunfion from Liberal,
Ka.r.F.. to White Oaks t\ ill be about 400
m.:c? long, ot which 110 miles will be in
i?xas. wnlie the charter of the Chicago,
Hock If land and kieadcaa Railroad Oom
tiaiiy cjiIj provide* for the bulidlr.gr of
the road to Whit- O;iks. Another charter
w ul be taken cut ior the building of an
extension west from El Paso to Califor
n.a. through New Mexico and Arizona,
uruess arrangements for an equitable In
terchange of businors at El Paso can be
made v.ith the Southern Pacific.
i he nockholdcrs of the Chicago. Rock
Island and Mexican Company are the
*an>e as those of the Chicago, Rock Isl
i<r.a and Pacific.
line Planned to Connect California
With the Present Chicago, Bock *
Island and Pacific
Railway.
Chicago, Rock Island and
Mexican Presents Its
Charter;
INITIAL STEP
FOR NEW ROAD
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, : DECEMBER 8, 1900.
Doctor's Daughters' Show in the Maple Room
of »the Palace Is an Assured Success.
THE doll show of the Doctor's
Daughters sprang Into success yes
terday with the opening: of the
doors, and by closing time at night
the visitors had numbered well up
Into the hundreds.
v It wa* as well dressed a crowd as ever
thronged the maple room of the Palace.
The dolls themselves were a sight to see,
but there were costumes upon the floor that
vied with the best of the dollmakers' art.
Men were few and far between, and they
stayed only to admire, leaving criticism to
the ladles. Criticism was all in praise, for
there has not been a doll show to equal
STYLISHLY GOWNED DOLLS
ARE ADMIRED BY HUNDREDS
9
COFFEE, ELITE BRAND...
.... 225fc
"A cup that cheers," rec .?oc
per Ib.
ASPARAGUS, 2-LB. CAN..15C
Hickmott's silver crescent, res?. 20c
ASPARAGUS TIPS. HICK-
MOTT'S, 3 tins for.. ..25c
Extra fine and delicious, regu-
lar 15c per tin.
FLICKINGER TABLE
FRUITS, 3-lb. tins 25c
New crop, all kinds, rejrular 30c
PEACHES, PEELED, per
Clean dried mountain fruit, re?. 20c
WALNUTS, PAPER
SHELL, per lb 15c
Largest ever offered, retr. 20c
ROYANS, a. delicious sar-
dine 1 5c
In oil, pickle and truffle, rcg. 20c
SHERRY, California, 4 years
old, per gal... $1.00
Fine flavor and strength, reg. $1.50
JORDAN ALMONDS, per
pound 45C
Extra large size, regular 60c
SEUF GURKEN, per bottle..
•••••......... C\J\j
SALT LAKE BEER--
Per dozen $1.85
Qts, export, reft* $2.35
Xmas tree ornaments and candles-
bonbons and favors for parties.
German Lebkucken just received.
Mail orders promptly filled.
BIBO, NEWMAN l& IKENBEB6.
STRUCK CENTER
When She Found Coffee Was Slowly
Killing Her.
Ev<»n a very temperate mode of living
Jn regcrd to food beverages will not avail
if the use of coffee is continued.
A Virginia lady. Mrs. R. F. Miller of
B«-<liord City, cays that she was very
temperate In every way. "I did not sus-
pect that eeffee wm the poison that was
undermining my whole nervous system,
causing a condition of vertigo and head-
arbes. until the attacks became so fre-
quent and violent that I wa« compelled to
give up all kinds of work and forwd to
lie down roost of the time.
"My attention wajs drawn to Postum
Food Coffee by the experience of Bomt>
others In regard to common coffee, and
the thought occurred to me that perhaps
coffeo wu the cause of my trouble, so I
U-gan to une Poetum. being careful to
have it made according to the directions
on the package,
"1 did not have to cultivate a taate for
it, for I found on the start that it was a.
most delicious beverage.
"Day after day I coatinued to Improve.
but did not dream that It would be auch
a help, and never eince the day I left off
coffee and commenced the use of Postum
Food Coffee (about nine months ago) have
I had any return of the trouble. I have
used no medicine or tonic of any kind dur-
ing this time, and my present condition
of maj?nincent nealth is due entirely to
the use of Postum Food Coffee.
"1 have heard several persons say they
<li<5 not like Postum, but In each case I
discovered upon Inquiry that it was be-
<at;ne they tried to make It like common
coffee, that In boil !t four or five minutes.
This will not do, for one cannot get the
delicious flavor and the food valuo In so
short boiling. The directions are plain.
• nouph. and It only requires a little pa-
ticr.ee to bring out the beautiful flavor.
"The doctor* find Postum one of their
most valuable aids in their treatment of
c*«es like mine." _,
We are selling agents for "Waterman
Ideal" fountain pans and the "Marshall."
the best $1 pen In the world.' Sanborn,
-~, -¦ . •
AfAAA REWARD. —We hare deposited with tho National City Bank of Lynn, SSOOO,
V 9% 1 1 I Thich will do paid to any person who can find that the aboTe testimonial letters
J\ T 1 1 1 1 1 are not genuine, or were published before obtaining the writer's special per-
VUUUU mission. LYDIA E. PINKHAM MEDICINE CO.
November 27, 1899.
"Bear Mrs. Pixkham: — I feel it my duty to acknowledge to
you the benefit that your advice and Lydia E. Pinkham's Vegetable
Compound have done for me.
"I had been suffering with female troubles for some time, could
walk but a short distance, had terrible bearing down pains in lower
part of my bowels, backache, and pain in ovary. I used your medicine
for four months and was so much better that I could walk three times
the distance that I could before.
" I recommend your advice and medicine to all women who suffer."
— Mrs. S. J. Watson, Hampton, Va.
"I am to-day in better health than* I have been for more than
two years, and I know it is all due to Lydia E. Pinkham's Vegetable
Compound.
This is positive proof that Mrs. Pinkham is more competent to
advise sick women than any other person. Write her. It costs you
nothing.
££*& tyffiSsEi, a Si |#0| mm tmnBhmB B
Result of a Prompt Reply. — Two
Letters from Mrs. Watson, Pub-
lished by Special Permission. —
For "Women's Eyes Only.
"Lydia E. Pinkham's Vegetable Compound has been recommended
to me by a friend, and I have made up my mind to give it a
fair trial.
" I write this letter with the hope of hearing from you in regard
to my case." — Mas. S. J. Watson, Hampton, Va.
" Dear Madam : — I am suffering from inflammation of tho
ovaries and womb, and have been for eighteen months. I have a
continual pain and soreness in my back and side. I am only free
from pain when lying down, or sitting in an easy chair. When
I stand I suffer with severe pain in my side and back. I be-
lieve my troubles were caused by over work and lifting some years
ago.
"Life is a drag to me, and I sometimes feel like giving up ever
being a well woman ; have become careless and unconcerned about
everything. I am in bed now. I have had several doctors, but they
did me but little good.
March 15, 1899.
To 1SIES. PIXKHAM, Ltsn, Mass.:
For a Cold In the Hend.
Laxative Bromo-Qulniae Tablet* *
ADVERTISEMENTS.
POSTUM CEREAL.
" Not only one of the great books m
of the season; it is to be a great book K
for many Seasons/'— Boston Journal. S
" The book is full of a deep and pleasing ' 8J
philosophy ; it scintillates with bright sayings; X^ """" "#>S« JM
it entertains and it instructs.!'— Pbila. Item. J%^ \Hi1f A
AND HIS FRIENDS .^^^^ 1
«j By DR. S. WEIR MITCHELL. ffi
¦ •;¦¦ Price gi. 5 o. - Dr.MHcheU. ft
«• v This book is in no way an autobiography, yet Dr. North is undoubtedly m
wb the medium through whom Dr. Mitchell relates many of his most re- w
W markable experiences and impressions. W
1 • HUGH "WYNNE, , f
SK A Story, of the American Revolution. 9|C
• .-/¦ NEW EDITION. CONTINENTAL EDITION. W
ffi With twelve illustrations by How- Splendidly illustrated with repro- fa
mt ard Pyle. New cover, new form, ductions of old pictures, photo- X
V§ Price 01. 50. gravures, etc. Two vols., 85.00. JB.
S The Century Coi, Union Square, New York. X
JH Send for our new richly illustrated Catalogue. VCLOSING,
chief feature ln them vu the rise in the gen
eral mortgage liens which New York bought.
Missouri Pacifies were rather favored. Money
was in better demand, owing to exchequer
bonds, but rates were steady, as the markfet
«. aS p?2'SL^ via * 1 - A supplementary estimate
of £16^000.000 for expenditure ln South Africa
and China had no effect. The best opinion Is
that borrowing will be postponed until the new
Bank Clearings.
Bradstrcct's Financial Review.
LOCAL MARKETS.
THE STOCK MARKET.
Chicago Grain Market.
Bradstree't's on Trade.
Cash quotations were ; as.* follows: : Flour,
quiet and .steady; No. S spring wheat, 64@71c;
No.' 2 red, 74c; No. 2 corn. 38c ; No. - 2 yellow,
2:;(&3Si;c; No. 2-oats, 23<826ttc; No. 2 white,
2<' / i©27c; fair to choice malting barley, B0{J57c:
No. 1 flaxseed. $1 65; No. 1 Northwestern, $1 6l<3>
1 69; prime timothy seed,- $4 40; mess pork, per
Articles — Open. High. Low. Close
Wheat No. 2— ¦ >i
December 70% 70% 70% -70%
January..; 71H 71% 70V4 7«i
May ...74 74H ,73% 11
Corn No. 2— . •
December 3SV4 3S% 37% 37%
January 36-H 36»i 38 3$ix
May 3«T» S6Ti 36% 36%
Oats No. 2— ¦
December.... ' 21H 21ty 2Ui 2Ui
May 23ft 23% 23% 23'i
Mess Pork, per barrel —
Jajiuary ...12 22V4 12 25 12 lT.i-J 12 20
May 12 12»4 12 124 11 S2H 12 05
Lard, per 100 pounds-
December .......... 7 10 7 15 7 10 7 12'4
January ....6 90 . 6 924 6 87«4 6 90
May .......«.......:. 6 95 6 9Jhi 6 82ft 6 95
Short Ribs, per 100 pounds'— • ¦
January 6 S2V4 - 6 874 6 30 6 32*4
May ................ 6 374 6 42% « 35 6 40 ¦
Finished products monopolize' the activity ln
the Iron and steel trades, with bars, plates
sheets and bridge. material most active. Even
In finished lines, however, thert Is " lees re*
ported doing • la new business, but Pittsburg
There Is a quieter tone and reduced volume
of business doing, at wholesale, ln many lines,
but this is not unusual at this season, and
is partly balanced by a larger Interest in re
tail and holiday distributioa Weather con
ditions are - still a drawback to the trade In
winter weight goods, but lt Is notable that
a better report comes from the Northwest than
for some weeks past. Southern trade advices
remain good, but retail business at. Eastern
markets is . still , reported . backward. In the
larger lines of trade, new features .are not
numerous/ Textiles ' are quiet : and rather dull
with agents awaiting the opening of the spring
season. Wool and woolens are still quiet. Cot
ton Is Irregular and the market is at a' bal
ance pending the publication of the next Gov
ernment crop report, which, however, is ex
pected to approximate 9,750,000 titles. The
high cost of raw cotton has not yet been
equaled by the advance in manufactured goods
A hopeful feature this week was the taking of
a large lot of brown cottons for export for
China. The higher trend of values ln November
has been duplicated ln the first week of De
cember, and cereals, long backward ln this
reepect, have led 'the advance, which, however,
has siot been steadily maintained.
NEW YORK, Dec. 7.— Bradstreefs to-mor
row will eay:
CUICAGO. Dec. 7. — The local market began
the day with a ehow of firmness on Liverpool
steadiness in the face of the loss here yester
day, the light Argentine shipments and a cable
announcing that rain was interfering with
harvest work in that cruntry. January wheat
opened V4®%c higher at ( 71©71%c and sold dur
ing the first ha.}f-hour to 71 lie. The crowd was
inclined to be bearish, however, and the bulge
met liberal selling undtr the theory that con
tinued liberal receipts nnd outside unwilling
ners to buy were not conditions calculated to
custaln prlcc-s. January therefore was prad
uully pressed down clurins the forenoon to
TO^^O^kc. At this point the market was re
inforced by a fresh supply of bullish news.
Holland and Portugal were reported at sword's
points and .the s:aboard, ns well as Minneap
olis, reported a stiffer cash demand. The re
ceipt of this news caused a rally to 71%c and
the close was firm, \ic cveV yesterday at 711ic.
Corn started out strong. This was particu
larly true of December, which felt keenly . the
fact that the receipts, 211 cars, contained no
ccrn of contract grade. The weather was un
favorable for grading future .arrivals, which
was also a i>otent influence. December was ln
good demand early, but was offered freely on
the bulge. The last half of the session -was
quiet and" the trade professional. May was
rather quiet throughout, closing a shade higher
at 3C%((j3G%c.
Light receipts, small shipments and the usual
lack of interest ruled the oats market. Closed
He higher at 23Tic. • I >¦
Provisions opened lower ln sympathy with a
drop in hog prices and because Liverpool quoted
bacon 6d lower. The market steadied with
wheat and corn later In- the day, but closed
with a small loss. January pork closed 5c
lower. January lard closed 2%e down and ribs
2&c depressed. .
The leading futures ranged as follows:
Continued on Pag© Tnlrteea-
MISCELLANEOUS BONDS.
Bay Co P Co.l04V« — Oak Water 3s.. 10<H —
Cai-st Cab 3s. 113 — Oceanic SS 5s. — 111
C C Water 5s. 109 — <>m C Ky S3...123 lis<4
KJ L & 1' (s...Ul — Pac O Imx> 4s.lOX —
F 4 O Ry Is. - — P & a Ry «s..lC6 —
Geary-st R 6s. — — P & O R R «s. 11S& —
H C &. S 5Hs.. — — Powell-st R €s — —
Do Ss 10V-4 — Sac E GAR Ss. — —
L A Ky 5s 110V* — S F & SJV 5».U3HU»
L A Lt Co «s.. — 103 » R of CaJ (s.. — US
Do gntd 8s.. — — S P of A SS...113 Uih*
L A gntd Bs... — 102 S P C 6s (1505)
L A P R R Ss.lCSH — (Series A).... lCSVi —
Mnrket-st *s...ir>!^i — PoiSeries B)lin>4 —
Do 1st M Ss.iaVi — Do C1906) 112H114»4
NCXGHis.- 1H Do «13i:) 121 —
N R.of Cal 6s.U4*4 — S P R 1st g 3s.lO7H —
T)o-5s 119 — S P H ts Ul* —
N P C R R 6s. 101 — S V Water fa. 114 114H
Do 5s 108 lOSU ¦ Do 4s 1P3H —
M Cal Ry 6a..U0U— Do 3d mtge. 101 T»102Ti
Oak Ct L & H.lKi'fe — Stktn Gas to.. 101 103
Oak Tran 8s..llSW120
WATER STOCKS.
Contra Costa.. 70 — Spring Valley. 94 94«»
Marln County. 51V» —
GAS AND ELECTRIC STOCKS.
CentL&PCo- 4H|Pac L Cc >...„ - 44
Enult O L Co. S\i 3H Sac E GAR Co - 3S
Mutual El Co. - »V r O & E... 46*1 47
O G L & H... 50 sm* San Francisco. 4<* 4»i
Pac Ga» Imp.. 47% 4S ) Stktn G*E Co - U
INSURANCE STOCKS.
Flrem's Fund. 227*4 — [
DANK STOCKS.
Ansrlo-CaJ Ltd. 74 75 [First VAtt^naJ.*** S3S
Cal S D & T. — KKViJrivhuntv Ex IS IS
SAVINGS PAXKS,
Hum S & L.:. — — f*v »»* n*...»» —
Mut Sav Bk... 50—1 nlon T v.o — —
8 F Sar Un...B20 —
FTRKET RVILROAD STOCKS.
California ....!=> m '»£&* «... » £i
Market-st .... tS\ 70\i -^
ptjw DKK STOCKS.
C«Mfor"'" . • - 1A > Vlgortt ttl *X
Giant Con Co. S3 —
.St'OAR STOCKS. •
„,„, c t» Co. 7%« 7>i Kllauea 9 Co. 20"% n _
Haw C * 9 Co 90 — Makaweli S Co 41H 41'J*^
Hut % h S P Co. 23-S M Paauhau S Co. Jfii —
Bid. Ask. I Btd.Ask.
4s quar coTrp-.ltii^inSv, < 9 a» cp (new).137*i!3SVi
4s do reg ....U4%115 1 4!3a do coup 109VtU0^
FRIDAY. Dec. 7-1 p. m.
UNITED STATES BOXDS.
There were no fluctuations worthy of note on
the morning session of the Bond exchange.
Business was fair.
Vrhere was nothing new to the afternoon.
Trading on the Oil Exchange was heavy, es
pecially ln Petroleum Center. Reed Crude Oil
Co.. California-Standard and Home, though
quotations showed no marked change.
STOCK AND BOND EXCHANCTE.
HAY — Volunteer. $5ffS: Wheat, ni<?13 E0-
Wheat and Oat, $10@12 60; Oat, $9012; Clover,
FEEDSTUFFS— Rolled Barley. J16@17 per
ton; Oilcake Meal at the mill, 523® 26: lobbing
$26 50; Cocoanut Cake. tl7!51S; Corn Meal j;tit«
26 60; Cracked Corn, $26 50©27; Mixed Feed, $15
@16. . . ' ; i- .-
MIDDLINGS— J16 60S19 50 per ton.
Bran rules ' firm • at the advance. Hay 3 la
steady, but receipts ; are liberal again, which
checks the advancing tendency. : .
•BRAN— $14 60@15 £0 per ton.
Hay and Feedstuff s.
FLOUR— California Family Extras, $3 jsgi
8 50, usual terms; Bakers' Extras, J3 15@3 23;
Oregon. S3 75@2 85 per barrel for family and
$2 7503 for bakers' : Washington, bakers'
$2 73&2.
MILLSTUFFS— Prices ln sacks' are as fol
lows, usual discount to • the trade: Graham
Flour, $3 per 100 lbs; Rye Flour. $2 75; Rye
Meal. *2 50; Rice Flour. $7: Corn ; Meal. J2 75;
extra-cream do. $3 50; Oat Groats. $4 50; Hom
iny. $3 50®3 75; Buckwheat Flour, HfH 25-
Cracked Wheat. $3 50; \Farina, |4 50; Whole
Wheat Flour, $3 25; Rolled Oats (barrels), $6©
7 25: In sacks, $5 75@7; Pearl Barley. J5; Split
Peas, (5; Green Peas. J5 50 per 100 lbs.
BUCKWHEAT-kiuoted at U 75®2 per ctl.
Flour and Millstuffs.
CORN— California Yellow, $1 15®1 17H: Cali
fornia White. $1 12^@1 15; Eastern Yellow
$1 13; White, II 12>4®1 15; Eastern mixed.
Jl 12%®1 15 per ctl.
RYiS— bo<tf90c per ctl.
OATS— All descriptions continue ln light
supply and firm. White. .$1 30@l 50; Surprise,
nominal; Red, $1 25<gi 40; Gray, nominal; Black,
for feed, $1 12Vi@l 20; for seed, 11 20©l 30 per
Ctl. •
Afternoon Session— No Bales.
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal Session— 9:13 o'clock— May — 1000
ctls, $1 04«^. December (1301)— 2000, $* 0S»i.
Second Session — No sales.
He^ular Morning Session— May— 8000 ctls,
II 04%.
Afternoon Session— May— 2CC0 ctls, $1 05.
BARLEY— Feed continues firm and sales are
being made at full figures. Choice feed con
tinues in light supply.
teed, T7V*c for cnoice bright, 75c for No. 1
and C7H@72%c for off grades; Brewing and.
Shipping grades, 80@S5c; Chevalier, nominal.
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal Session — 9:15 o'clock — No sales.
Becond Session — No eales. I
Regular Mornlne Session— No sales.
The 'local market whs dull and not materially
changed. - •
Spot Wheat— Shipping, S7Vbc; Milling, 1 02%
1 Co rer ctl.
WHEAT— The Eastern 'and foreign markets
showed Jlttle chance. At. Chicago some firm
ness was developed by reports of further dam
amo Jn the Argentine by heavy rains, but thia
was offset 'by wires from Minneapolis predict
ing an Increase of 300.0W bushels there this
week. But the shorts did some buylnz on
the Argentine damage and the trouble be
tween Holland and Portugal. Light shipments
from the Argentine were an additional factor
of strength. The demand was moderate, but
there was an Improving demand for Flour.
Wheat and Other Grains.
Stirling Exchsnge, 60 days — 4 82^
Sterling Exchange, sight — 4 86>,v
Sterling Cables — 4 S7',4
New York Exchange, sight — . 214
New York Exchange, telegraphic — 5
Fine Silver, per ounce — 6iVi
Mexican Dollars, nominal 504 0 ol
Exchange and 'Bullion.
NEW TORK, Dec. 7.— Bradstreet' s Financial
Review to-morrow will say:
During the past week there has been a fur
tl'er slackening of speculative activity at New
Ycrk. The public is no longer buying stocks
with vigor, and while advances have been
scored ln various parts of the railroad bhare
list they seem to be the result of support by
large Interests or manipulation by bull pooU.
The professional element has also continued
to exhibit more or less Inclination to work on
the bear side, although so far as railroad
stocks are concerned the Impression produced
by their attempts to depress prices has been
comparatively small. In the industrials, how
ever, declining tendencies have been more pro
nounced. The Tact that the directors .of the
American Sugar Company Instead of increasing
the dividend on that stock to 2 per cent quar
terly, as was anticipated, kept the rate at l»i
per cent, resulted in a sharp break in that im
portant security, and later on there was a de
cline in Tennessee Coal, which also had an
effect upon the market at large. American
Steel and Wire has been the object of a great
deal of attention on account of the stories
which.- are circulated of dissensions In its man
agement and the announcement that a stock
exchange house has asked for proxies for use
at the coming annual meeting, the purpose
being to effect a change in the management.
Statements that the iron and steel trades,
while in a sound condition, are by no means
coming, have a tendency to create caution,
net only ln regard to industrials, but the rail
road list as well, and offset to a considerable
extent the continuance of good earnings by
nearly all the leading systems. Humors of
deals and combinations are still heard, and
support is given to many different groups of
stocks on this ba»!». It may also be noted
that while speculative buying is of small pro
portions the investment demand for bonds and
dividend-paying stocks of the best class Is on
a large scale. The scarcity of high-grade bond
Ubues is noteworthy and has led to a marked
demand for securities of what may be termed
the second rank. The January disbursements
for dividends and Interest will undoubtedly be
the largest in the history of the United States,
and the demand for securities ln which to re
invest a considerable portion of the fund thus
released Is being to a certain extent antici
pated and discounted.
NEW YORK, Dec. 7.— The prospect it a de
cline la oa*h resources of the banks of upward
of $7,0W<.w.i proved too much for the fortitude
of speculators to-day and they eold stock*, re
versing the movement of yesterday. Although
they had the advantage ot new points of
6trength in a number of individual stocks
*.mong the low-f.rioed stocks, a. demoralized
tone ln one or two of the industrials, more
than o-set this advantage. The sub-treasury
alone has taken up from the banks during the
week. JS.IOO.GOO. Including the deposits at the j
sub-treasury for telegraphic transfer to the in
terior. The direct movement by express, al
though supposed to 1-e email on balance, is cer
tainly in Javor of the interior. There is a sus
picion also that the local movements of cash,
which have helped out the showing of the
b&skx for the last few weeks is not to be re
lied upon this week. These gair.s have been
due to a large extent to the operations «f a
single bar.k, in which is centered Eome of the
tno« Important interests ln the financial world,
including copper mining stocks. The course
of Amalgamated Copper during the "week has
giver, rife to the apprehension that interests
identified with it need not be expected to have
taken measures to conserve the general money
m&riiet tituation. The loan Item also is the
eubjpct of much perplexed eurmiw. While
there baa been eome speculative liquidation in
U.e stock market there has been some large
btrrowins for outside financial operations, in
cluding the subscriptions to a tlO.Oxj.OOo issue
of Third -avenue railroad bonds, which also
closed the day with the announcenent that it
tie been largely over-subscribed. If there has
been any considerable loan expansion double
ettf-ci on the sur;-Ius reserve may prove Bome
what sensational, especially with the most try
lnp i>erlod of the year on the money market
10 be immediately faced. Liquidation was not
urgest in the stock market, but was quite gen
eral. Even the Erie securities yielded tempo
rarily m the denial of a story attempting to
explain their movement by alleging that the
company had purchased th« Pennsylvania Coal
O*r.i»any. B>th the etocks ani bonds, how
ever, rallied subsequently to top price. Be
tides t!:!s, strength wae eaown by the St. Louis
and San Fr^cisco stocks, led by the second
preferred with an advance of 2V. and the New
York. <TiJfairo and St. Louis, led by the second
preferrpd with an advance of 4^. On the other
band there was continued weakness ln Ten
net-see Coa! en persistent rumens that the divi
dend would be passed. The stock fell at one
time 2\t and after fluctuating feverishly closed
¦within i% of the lowest. Pacific Mail broke
nearly 4 points on the large decrease In net
earning? reported for October. The unsatis
factory results of the meeting of Western rail
road president* to enforce the observance of
freljtht rates helped to depress the railroad list.
There v.a* weakness in People's Gae, Tobacco
and the local tractions. The closing was
moderately active and eaey and many stocks
¦were at the low r"'ict_
Business ln bonds continued large. There
•was profit-talcing ln mom* of the speculative
iw>ues. but there was a notable Increase ln the
derr.anfl fcr high-grade bonde, which made the
rr.srket very broad. Total Bales, par value
I4.ut.ooe.
I'nited fJtatec £¦ and Ss declined H per cent
on the l&at call.
NEW TORK STOCK LIST.
Bhares Closing
Pold. Stocks— . Bid.
2J.l"0 Atchlson 2g«
36.300 Atchison prefd Sri
•,500 Baltimore & Ohio 79'
Canadian Pacific 55
700 Canada Southern 5j
8.10t Chesareake & Ohio 36%
l.JW Chicago Gres\ Western 141,4
5.3W1 Chicago Burlington & Quincy 1H\
300 Chicago Indianapolis & Louis 23H
20ft Chicago Indianapolis & Louis pfd 57U
Chicago & Eastern Illinois 97
VO Chicago & Northwestern 1S6U
2.«o<> Chicago Rock Island & Pacific 114
COO C C C & Bt Louis e$i£
700 Colorado Southern 71^
200 Colorado Southern lit prefd \ 4ZK
200 Colorado Southern 24 prefd 1714
300 Delaware & Hudson 116
rv-iaware Lackawanna & 'Western.. 181%i
4.000 Denver A Rio Grande 25
•.600 Denver & Rio Grande prefd 7914
18.000 Erie 16«,
4X100 Erie 1st prefd *. _ 45s
S00 Gn*t Northern prefd ......I78»4
Hocking CoaJ 15'
He-king Valley 3^
J00 Illinois Central 12314
Iowa Central 19ij
....... Iowa Central prefd 45'
Lake Erie 4.- Western 36
Lake Erie & Western prefd 106
Lake Phore 214
4.409 Louisville & Nashville g2i£
l!,30« Manhattan L 107%
4.000 Metropolitan Street Railway 165«i
3.<W) Mexican Central 13
400 Minneapolis & St Louis '«*
Minneapolis & St Louis prefd 99%
16,900 Missouri Pacific L9i$
'. Mobile A Ohio 40^
SftO Missouri Kansas & "Texas 13
r,.4 r »i MiKsouri Kansas & Texas prefd.... 37%
8"O New Jersey Central H4V4
6.100 New Tork Central Hli»
2.J00 Norfolk & Western 414
Norfolk & Western prefd M '
39.600 Northern Pacific 69H
3.JO0 Northern Parffle prefd 81%
• «,200 Ontario *: Western 25
p Oregon Railway &, Navigation 43
Xezv York Stock Market.
I NEW YORK, Dec. 7.— FLOUR— Receipts, 19,
; C2C barrels, exports, JRC3 barrels; sales, 7900
I packages. Market was rather easy, with less
i doing and bids, lower on account of the irregu
! larity in whrjat.
j WHEAT— Receipts, 93,47o- bushels; exports,
; 79S6 bushels; sales, 2.100.000' bushels futures;
120,000 bushels Eplot. *'f| t, steady; No. 2 red,
7»9ic f. o. b. afloat; No. '2 red. 77V»c elevator;
No. 1, Northern Duluth, 83'.ic f. o. b. afloat;
No. 1 hard Duluth, hVAc t. o. b. afloat. Op
tions, after a firmer opening which was in
fluenced by small Argentine shipments and
steaay English cables, turned weak and ruletl
heavy most of th* 1 session under bearish conti
nental advice." and favorable Argentine harvest
news. Buyers were also restrained by pros
pects for a large increase in Northwest stocks,
very small cable ace^iHani-es and lack of out
siCe speculative orders. In rhe last few rain-
Utea a rally occurred on covering and the close
was steady at %o net decline to Vsc higher.
Sales included: No. 2 red, January, 775j((j78<\
closed 7Sc; March. 73%^'KiVic, clcweil 79" / »,e: May,
7a l-lfijj7» P-I8c, Hosed 79%c; December, 76 15-16
WOOL— Quiet.
COFFEE^- Spot, weak: No. .7' Invoice. 7V4c;
mild, quiet; Cordova, 9%'313Uc. Futures
clostxj barrly steady, lO^tlii points lower. Total
palm were 32.000 bags, including: February, $6;
March, »S 15: May, $5 30; July, ?6 35; August,
?6 4u: October, $6 45.
SL'OAK- Raw. firm: refined, steady.
BUTTER — Receipts. 3750 packages; firm;
creamery, l?C'i26c; June creamer}'. lSig^S^c; fac
tory, 12filSHc.
ECUS— Receipts, 7723 packages; strong?
Western, regular packing ¦ at mark, 22@23c;
Western, loss off. 29c.
DRIED FRI7ITS. ,
The movement of evaporated apples was fair
to-day and as offerings were scarce, the market
displayed a steady, undertone with prices, if
anything, a shade above quoted figures. State
common was quoted at 4g5c: prime, 4%©Hie;
choice. 6Vi®Cc, and fancy, 6W7c.-
California dried fruits were dull but about
steady at unchanged prices. Prunes were
quoted at 3^*@SHc per pound, as to size and
quality.
APRICOTS— Royal. ll(f?14c: Moorpark. 15^1<>c.
PEACHES— Peeled, lC?[20c; unpeeled, 6fr$c.
EASTERN MARKETS.
r — 1
New York Grain and Produce.
Cannel $ ®14 COjSouthfleld
Wellington .. @U 00 1 Wellington — All 00
Seattle 9M» ICoos Bay.... ©7 50
Dairy Produce, etc.—
Butter, choice, sq.50^^0 1 Common Egg3 30^37
Do good Hit — {Ranch Egga. per
Pickled &-340: dozen ........... .4CCS0
Tub, per lb 2"'*J — > Honey Comb, per
Cheese. Cal 15©:7i pound 15«2)
Cheese, Eastern.. .17UC01 Do. extracted... 10013
Cheese. Swiss 20S33I
Meats, per lb—
Bacon 12%'S'IS 1 RountS Steak ICVgk—
Beef, choice 15620 | Sirloin Steak ....15'*-
Do. good —^12 j Porterhouse do .^30®—
Corned Beef —<810| Smoked Beef .....— -SIS
Ham 13^15|Pork. salt 12915
Lard — ©ldiPork Chops 15@1S
Mutton lO-aiilPork Sausaces..l»%92a
Lamb — <312 Veal 12315
Pork, fresh 15.@— |
Poultry and Game —
Hens, each ..50S6o|Dores. per do«....8St£>0
Toung Roosters, Quail, pr doz. SI BCXOt 79
each 50®63 English Snipe, per
Old Roosters, ea..40<S50 dozen J2ffJ IS
Fryers, each 40@45 Jack Snipe ..Jl 5*31 75
Broilers, each 30*140 | Mallard, pair. 75c© U 00
Turkeys, per lb..2iM?a Canvasback ..75c@il 25
Ducks, each SOfcW)' Sprig 60t8TS
Geese, each...|l 50@l "> Teal JO®—
Pigeons, pair WG'A Widgeon 4Og^0
Rabbits, pair 40«30 Vmall Duck 30035
Hare, each — ©20 Wild Geese, pair. — @50
Fruits and Nuts —
Almonds, per lb.-13tJ2C Lemona, doi C'S25
Aisles ¦*'» 5 Raisins, per Ib — @—
Bananas, do* 20^23 Raspberries. dr...40«3«0
Grapes, per lb SOU Strawberries, per
Oranges, doa *>860 basket 35<S«0
Limes, per tloa — 10@15 Walnuts, per Ib..l5@a)
Vegetables—
Asparagus, per lb30#— j Lettuce, per doa.lS^M
Artichokes, dz7T.c@il 23 j Onions, per lb 3a 5
Beets, dox 10<3>— lOkra*. dried, lb...W@U
Beans, white. Ibiogi2%! Peppers, green, lb iff 10
Colored, per lb.lvS— jPotatoee. per Ib. !ij—
Lima, per lb..M#12Vj. Sweet Potatoes, lb lip—
Cabbage, each .. fit — Parsnips, per dz.lC<@ —
Cauliflowers, ea... 5® — Radishes.dz bchs.lVJ£23
Celery, head 5^ — Sage. do» bnchs. .25 "§30
Cress, dos • bnchs. I5ff23, String Beans, lb.. g§i3
Cucumbers, pr dzl3'S25j Thyme, per lb.... 25330
Egg Plant, lb 6315 'Turnips, per d*..10<8—
Green Peas, lb... 6-® 15 i Tomatoes, per Ib. SS13
Fish-
Barracuda 12'<Jlj[Shad ....**. 85K9
Carp 8ftlO[Sea Bass .........— &is
Codfish 12tilJ'Smelta 123—
Flounders lOgl2 Sole* .......KM*—
Halibut 10i@13 Skates, each SS11
Klngflsh IK? — Tomeod ..., — 1113
Mackerel ....We: — Clams, gallon 50®—
Do, Horse ,...12%ft— Do, hardshell, H> 8ai9
Perch 10<ai2 Crabs, each 12%@—
Pomplno 90#— j Do. sottshell. dz46« —
Rockfish -..12%^— Mussels, quart.... 5^13
S-umon, fresh — 2C>@— Oysters. Cal, 100.4CVJCO
Do, smoked .... — ft 15 Do, Eastern, &z.l2Q\t}
Ehrlmps 8®10
Butter, Cheese and Eggs ar» all dearer, ¦wttlx
lighter supplies.
There has been a general advance Is meats
ln the wholesale markets, but th« retail price*
remain about the same, though. som» deaJera
have made small advances.
Poultry and Game continue In rood srapply
and ire cheaper thai they wtra aom* w**ka
ago.
There ifc not muelj cbanro in J*rult» and Vege
tables. "Summer kinds are almost gon*>
Coal, per ton —
Arizona — Fair Satuj&ay
San Francisco and vicinity— Fair Saturday,
becoming cloudy at night; light northerly
winds, changing to southeasterly.
ALEXANDER G. McADIE.
Forecast Official.
The temi-erature is nearly stationary over the
entire country west of the Rocky Mountains.
In the great valleys of California the tempera
tures continue low. owing to the tule fog.
South of the Tehachapi abnormally warm
weather prevails.
No rain has fallen west or the Rocky Moun
tains.
Forecast made at San Francisco for thirty
hours, ending midnight, December 8. 1300:
Northern California— Fair Saturdaj-, with tule
fog in the valleys; light northerly winds,
changing to southeasterly.
Southern California— Fair Saturday; light
northerly winds.
Nevada— Fair Saturday.
Utah— Fair Saturdav.
FORECAST.
The pressure ha* fallen slowly over the Pa
cific slope. There are no signs yet of a marked
disturbance from the Pacific, but conditions are
such that a storm might come ia very rapidly.
The area (if high pressure over Utah and Ne
vada is weakening very slowly.
San Francisco data: Maximum temperature,
12; minimum. 42; i:>an. 47.
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
Family Retail Market.
<120tli Meridlan-Padfle Time.)
SAN FRANCISCO. Dec. 7. 1900—5 p. m.
The following are the seasonal rainfalls to
date, as compared with tho6e of the same
date last season, and rainfalls ln the last twen
ty-four hours:
Weather Report.
NEW TORK. Dec 7. — The Commercial Ad
vertiser's London financial cablegram says:
The markets here were leei actlvf to-day.
Americans were dull early and weakened
further on New Tork advices, but net declines
were mostly Insignificant. Denver and Rio
Grande closed under the best, the market here
thinking the price high enough, compared with
Atchlson preferred. Eriei'wert better. Tha
London Market.
WASHINGTON, Dec 7.— To-day's statement
of the treasury balances in the general fund, ex
clusive of the $150,000,000 gold reserve in the
division of redemption, shows: Available cash
balance, tl27.926.43S; gold. S76.S02.2S5.
Condition of the Treasury.
NEW TORK. Dee. 7.— Money on call firm at
4®5 per cent; last loan, ¦ff'per cent. Prime mer
cantile paper, 4{I4\ per cent. Sterling ex
change, with actual business ln bankers' bills,
at 14 85% for demand and at M S1H for sixty
days; posted rates, $4 S2%@4 £6%; commercial
bills. J4 M>H«?4 S1'4. ! Silver certificates. 64@S5c.
Bar silver. 64%c. Mexican dollars, 48c. Gov
ernment bonds, weak; State bonds, strong;
railroad bonds Irregular.
New York Money Market.
MINING STOCKS.
Chollar 10 Ophir 65
Crown Point 13 Plymouth %
Con Cal St. Va 15 Quicksilver 1 25
Deadwood 15 { do prefd 700
Gould & Curry 45 Sierra Nevada .... 23
Hale Si Norcross... 16 Standard % 00
Homeetake ...:... .65 OOlUnlon Con 17
Iron Sliver 80!Tellow Jacket \i
Mexican 13 Brunswick - o»
Ontario 5 ST 1
Oregon Railway & Navigation pfd. "S
4.900 Pennsylvania ,.141% I
4,050 Reading 20H
23,800 Reading 1st prefd 63 l i
1.700 Reading 2d prefd 31H
Rio Grande Western too
Rio Grande Western prefd (3
8,100 St Louis & San Francisco 19V«
200 St Louis & San Francisco 1st pfd. 75%
S.1S0 St Louis & San Francisco 2d prefd. 45» t j
700 Si Louis Southwestern 15% i
4.900 St Louis Southwestern prefd 87*4 I
14,200 St Paul 125T4 !
400 St Paul prefd 177% |
St Paul & Omaha 120
X2.60C Southern Pacific 41 i
7,400 Southern Railway 17»i i
6,100 Southern Railway prefd 66^» '
3,600 Texas & Pacific 20% ;
15.700 Union Pacific 70*i I
3.000 Union Pacific prefd S0* 4
3«,000 Wabash \ 9
3,900 Wabash prefd 22
100 Wheeling & Lake Erie WM \
600 Wheeling & Lake Erie 2d prefd 27»» «
400 Wisconsin Central 11
Third Avenue 114
5C0 Baltimore & Ohio prefd 84H
E00 National Tube 60%
600 National Tube prefd 103 |
Kxpress Companies —
Adams 140
American , 160
United States 60
Wells Fargo 133 |
Miscellaneous —
1,000 American Cotton Oil 30% :
American Cotton Oil prefd 89% i
American Malting 4*4 I
200 American Malting prefd 25%
7.100 American Smelting & Ref 53»i i
LOOO American Smelting & Ref prefd 95% !
American Spirits ;. lVi j
American Spirits prefd 17 1
1.000 American Steel Hoop 27*;
100 American Steel Hoop prefd 75%
8,400 American Steel & Wire 41% i
700 American Steel & Wire prefd 85
S.400 American Tin Plate.-. 43%
100 American Tin Plate prefd 87 s i
29,600 American Tobacco 105H !
American Tobacco prefd ISO
2.200 Anaconda Mining Co 47 7 i !
1S.400 Brooklyn Rapid Transit 70^4 1
8,100 Colorado Fuel & Iron 50% ;
7,K,o Continental Tobacco 83- 4
2.900 Continental Tobacco prefd £9%
14.900 Federal Steel 4»>;
21.000 Federal Steel prefd 75
500 General Electric I69i 4 '
100 Glucose Sugar 5334 j
Glucose Sugar prefd 100 i
600 International Paper 22% i
International Paper prefd 72%!
300 Laclede Gas e?
100 National Biscuit 37»i :
200 National Biscuit prefd .91%'
€00 National Lead l$\ \
100 National Lead prefd '. 92% •
4.1M National Steel 33% j
500 National Steel prefd £2^ I
TOO New York Air Brake 164
TOO North American IE?*:
Pacific Coast 5g j
Pacific Coast 1st preM 85 "
Pacific Coast 2d prefd 68 i
1.400 Pacific Mail 43H
U.tOO People's Gas 97*4 |
5.000 Pressed Steol Car 49 i
800 Pressed Steel Car prefd 82% '¦
20") Pullman Palace Car 2C0 '
Standard Rope & Twine 51.; !
32.7M Sugar, ex dtv 124
500 Supar prefd. ex div 114% '
2?.R'fi Tennessee Coal & Iron 61%
3.900 United States Leather 12% '
1.4'j0 United States Leather prefd 74* t
23.200 United States Rubber 23% !
3.600 United States Rubber prefd 79 |
Western Union S2% '
1.900 Republic Iron & Steel 15
100 Republic Iron & Steel prefd 64% i
P C C & St Louis 57 i
26.OC0 Amalgamated Copper 91% \
601,700 Shares sold.
CLOSING BONDS.
U S 2s refunding N Y Cent lsts ....110 i
reg 104% N J Cent sen 5s...l?7S»
do coup 105- No Pac 3s 70»;
do 3s reg 1CS% do 4s 105%
do coup 10SH N T C fc St L 4g..lO7U
do new 4s reg....lS7 i ; Norf & W con 4s...S9H
do coup 1.1i'»; ;Or Nav lsts ill
do old 4s reg 11*34! do 4s 1C2% '
do coup M.VKiOr S Line 6s 123 I
do 5s reg lltVi <<o con 6s- 117%
do coup ......... lirSijReading gen 4s ... 91".,
Dis of Col $.55s. ..1?4 -ilR G W lsts 1PO%
Atchlson gen 4s ...lMH'St L & I M con 5s. 113%
do adj 4s SS% St L & S F gen 6s. U9
Can So 2ds I0i%!St Paul cons I76=i
Ches & Ohio 4',,s..l"4 jSt P C & Pac lsts Iis4
do is 12O>JI do 5s 122
C & N W con 7s..l3»%jSo Pac 4s S2U I
do S F deb 6s 118 1S0 Railway 5s .. 113 i
Chi Term 4s 83% ] S Ror>e & T 6s 70
Colo So 4s H>4iTex & Pac lsts ..114
D & R G 4s 101«ii do Ms 7s
Erie gen 4s 80 lUnlon Pac 4s 107%
Ft W & D C lsts.. TTUjWabash l«ts li6?i
Gen Elec 6a 139%! do 2ds ".. 106U
Iowa Cent l*ts llotijWest Shore 4s 115
L & Nash unl 4s..l00%jWis Cent lsta .. 87
M K & T 2ds 714 Va Centuries S4
do 4s 93^1
BOSTON STOCKS AND BONDS.
Money— IWent End 931;
Call loans 8e4iWestingh Elec ... 62
Time loans 4&5 Bonds-
Stocks— N E G & Coke fs.. 68
Atchison SS% Mining shares
do prefd S3 Adventure CM
Am Sugar 114'* Allouez Min Co ... 2%
B«H Telephone ...156 Amalg Copper .... 9111
Boston & Albany.. 24>»4! Atlantic 26
Dom Coal IJ%| Boston & Mont.. 32S
do srefd 112 Butte & Boston 78
Fed Steel 48*iiCalumet & Hecla.,810
do prefd 75% Centennial 15\«
Fltchburg prefd ..138 Franklin 15%
Gen Electric 16»% Humboldt 25
do prefd 14i Osceola 71
Ed Elec 111 218 Parrot" 47%
Mex Cent 12% Quincy 174'
Mich Telephone ... W Santa Fe Copper.. 6U
N E G & Coke.... 12Vi Tamarack ....... 2S3
Old Dominion .... 27% Utah Mining 3ju
Rubber iZK Winona ju
Union Pacific 70?i Wolverines 45%
Union Land ....... t*
Failures for the week were 2S7 in the United
States, against 221 last year, and 25 in Canada,
against 25 last year.
Hides are easier, especially for country lines
at Chicago. Even after the decline of the
rast two weeks the average is above the clos
ing prices of October. Wool remains steady
and sales are less than half of last year. Manu
facturers purohase carefully and the goods
mcrket Is unusually dull for the season.
For the first time in many weeks the cereals
exhibited strength and some advance wes to
hi expected after the extensive decline. Wheat
was started upward by the foreign markets
and prompt response here compelled covering
oi contracts. Nothing of importance was
learned regarding domestic conditions, aside
frem the heavy marketing at Interior cities,
ns indicated by Western receipts of 5,823.402
bushels, against 3,902,793 in the previous week.
O11 the other hand exports from the Atlantic
Coast cities were only 2,214,409 bushels, against
3,359,677 in 1S99.
ft . ; _ *
NEW YORK. Dec. 7.-R. G. Dun & Co.'s
Weekly Review of Trade will say to-morrow:
Business - is j progressing . along conservative
lines. It is without excitement and without
great speculative activity, but with a confi
dent undertone, which is to be explained largely
by the fact that leading concerns ln most of
the great industries have orders booked to em
ploy their machinery at nearly full capacity
duilng months when curtailment was usual.
No net reduction in working force has ap
peared in»the last fortnight and a readjust
ment of. wage schedules in some branches of
the steel trade is effected without trouble.
Prices of commodities are generally steady and
holiday trade is brisk at all points. The South
Is particularly cheerful, with cotton and the
rice ciop Coming ln at very full prices.
. There is no cause for alarm in the small
volume of new business at iron and steel cen
ters. With the first sign of higher prices there
came forward such a flood of contracts that
mills and furnaces booked orders sufficient to
keep the full v force employed for months.
Hence there has come a more quiet condition,
with less bidding for products. Fortunately
quotations were not forced up unreasonably
during the week's greatest activity, and now
there is no sign of depression. On the other
hund bars are more firmly held, while many
idle mills have resumed in this department,
and sheetmakers also insist on better terms.
Other forms of finished material are steady
and at most points pig Is unchanged, although
concessions ' are made for Bessemer at Pitts
burg. Numerous bridges are being erected by
the railroads and a heavy tonnage of struc
tural steel is taken. Other railway supplies
are in active demand, with rolling stock ur
gently sought. Business In iron is particu
larly brisk at Chicago. With slight modera
tion ln domestic buying more attention is given
to exports.
NEW YORK. Dec. . T.— The following table,
compiled by Bradstreet, shows the bank clear
ings at the principal cities for the week ended
December 6, with' the percentage of Increase
and decrease, as compared with the correspond
ing week last year:
_"' A1 Percentages.
Cities— Amount. Inc. Dec.
Jiew lork $1,473,935,619 21.8
Chicago 153.814.061 .... 2.S
Boston 145.270.246 .... 2.4
Philadelphia 110.547.036 9.1 ....
St. Louis „ S9.99»,9C8 12.1 > ....
Pittsburg 34,065,244 8.2 ....
Baltimore *26.09S,718 18.1
San Francisco...... 25.9S7.SCS 7.J ....
Cincinnati 18.764,700 4 8 ...:
Kansaa City IS.033,452 18.0 ....'
New Orleans J9.655.978 33.4 ....
Minneapolis 15.542.6C6 .... 9.6
Detroit 9,719.356 8.8
Cleveland 13.335,070 21.8
Louisville 9.890,628 4.0
Providence 7.665.S0O 8.6
Milwaukee 6,746,038 3.2 ....
St. Paul 6,507.740 8.9
Buffalo 5, £87.724 .... 4.9
Omaha 6.947.054 • 2.3
Indianapolis 7.03S 335 6.4
Columbus, 0 6.255,000 .... 18.6
Savannah 6.C2S.997 44.2
Denver 4.5SO.21O 1.9
Hartford 2.£26,783 10.2
Richmond 4,143,535 9.0
Memphis 4.571.SS2 47 9
Washington 2.S16.644 7.5
Peorla ..A 2,627.475 20.1
Rochester 2,732 724 15
New Haven 1.555,683 .... IS. 6
Worcester 1.471,024 6.0 ....
Atlanta 2.957,633 29.4
Salt Lake City 3.704,449 .... 10.7
Sprinpfleld. Mass... 1.841,061 7.S
Fort Worth 2.Ss5,221 35.8
Portland, Me 1.484.S18 14.4
Portland. Or ? ?fS,163 10.2
St. Joseph 41279.S42 2.5
Los Angeles 2,694.411 22 1 . .
Norfolk 1,652,732 ... 15 7
Syracuse 1.428,9«2 5.6
Des Molnes 1.919,634 16.9 .. .
Nashville 1,920,243 17.1
Wilmington, Del.... 893.8C6 14.6
Fall River 1.244,702 5 9
Scranton 1,2SO,3S6 5.8
Grand Rapids 1.312,4fiS 112
Augusta, Ga 2,167,477 3S 8
Lowell 5S0.5S9 .... 2.6
Dayton. 0 1.326,614 2.7
Seattle 2.953,317 29.7
Tacoma 1,071,006 12.3
Spokane 1.193,937 .... 27.3
Sioux City., 1.602.073 15.1
New Bedford 1,046.270 93 3
Knoxville. Tenn 606,235 . "Jj
Topeka 851.927 9.3 ..'.
Birmingham 1.163,250 16.8
Wichita 4S1.615 1.4
Binghamton 507.POO 78 7
Lexington. Ky 66A.707 l!g
Jacksonville, Fla... 252,903 . 10 0
Kalamazoo 493,760 110
Akron. O 424.1CO .... ii'g
Chattanooga 476.996 6 7
Rockford. Ill 253. 49S .. io'6
Canton. 0 337.000 12 7
Springfield. 0 3S7.7F9 '\"§
Fargo. N. D 553.M9 .... g>
Slpux Falls. S. D.. 2C3.20S 4 6
Hasting*. Nebr 176.4S7
Fremont. Nebr 133,463
Davenport 1.18C,f?*.9 .... 2 3
Toledo 2.670.137 13
Galveston 11.400,000 is.5
Houston 9.y7S.&I8 ... 157
Colorado Springs R50.640
Helena 81:7.517 8.9
Vounpstown. 0 339.1S6 0 6
Evannville 8^9.141 '7*6
Springfield. Ill 560. C84 11 1
Macon. Ga 92S.O0O 61.3
Little Rock SC9.120 31.1 ...'.
U. S... .$2,2.-3.620,544 15^3
Totals outside N. Y 779.664,923 4.4
DOMINION OF CANADA.
Montreal S15.5R2.679 9 6
Toronto 12,045,291 3.6
Winnipeg 3,0«0,3CS' .... ji's
Halifax 1.632.119 5*2
Hamilton 1.048.1S2 15.0
St. John, N. B 747.&U6 7*0
Vancouver, B. C... 915.S33 .... %'n
Victoria, B. C 647,306 4^2
Totals J33.C39.C34 ~ ~6A
Dun's Review of Trade.
Receipts of wheat durinc the past three days
were 333,000 centals, including 273.000 American.
CORN— Spot, firm; American mixed new. 4s
2Ud. Futures— Steady; December, 4s 2VSd; Jan
uary, SslO74d: March, 2s lOd.
WH EAT— Spot, steady; No. 2 red Western
winter. 5s 11-VJ; No. 1 Northern spring, Sa
I^id: No. 1 California. '6s "Vid. Futures —
Stca<ly: December. 5s HT<d; March. Cs
LIVERPOOL. Dec. 7.— Whoat, sttady; No. 1
Standard California, Cs 2d!fjoa 3d: wheat in
J'aiis, quiet: flour in Paris, French coun
try markets, part cheaper; weather in England,
S COTTON— Uplands", 5 9-18d.
. CLOSING. •
LONDON. Dec. 7.— Consols, 97 5-16Q07%; Sil
ver, 29 13-lCd; French rentes, 10K 50c; wheat
cargoes on passage, quieter and hardly any de
mand; No. 1 Standard California. 30s 3d; Walla
¦\ValIa 20s; Knglish country markets, steady.
Foreign Markets.
TACOMA, Dec. 7.— WHEAT— Quiet and un
changed; blue stem, 57c; club, 54c.
WASHINGTON
Northern W4xat Market.
OREGON.
PORTLAND, Or., Dec. 7.— Clearings, $429,552;
balances, $67,451.
PORTLAND, Dec. 7. — Open quotations to
day In wheat were anywhere around !>3%!g51c,
and gales of Walla Walla were made at bi\i<a
65c. Blue stem Is nominally 57c
Portland's Business.
A few feeble rallies were made, but these
were due rather to covering than to any mani
festation of Inherent energy.
The market closed barely steady at a decline
of 13Q1S points.
NEW YORK. Dec. 7.— The cotton market met
with the disadvantage at the outset of weak
cables and opened at a decline of 3Q<5 points.
Later the amount coming Into sight became a
factor and the decline was increased 16@19
points.
Nezv York Cotton Market.
SHEEP— Receipts, 40C0; sheep and lambs gen
erally steady; good to choice wethers, $134 40;
fair to choice mixed, $3 7534 05; Western sheep,
$4'<i4 40; Texas sheep, $2 50@3 65; native lambs,
$4<85 50; Western lambs, $4 75©3 50. One extra
lot of fifty-one lamba, averaging 103 pounds,
sold at $6.
HOGS— Receipts to-day, 27,000; to-morrow,
18,000, estimated: left over, 2000; about 5c
lower; good clearance; top, $5 47V4; mixed and
butchers, $4 65@4 97%; good to choice heavy.
$4 70Q'4 97Vj ; rough, heavy, $4 55@4 65; light,
S4 70#4 S7» 2 : bulk of sales. $4 S0@4 82%.
Chicago Livestock Market.
CHICAGO, Dec. 7.— CATTLE— Receipts, 4500;
mostly IOjJISc lower, including butchers' stock;
good to prime steers, $3 40^6 10: poor to me
dium. $4t}4 30; selected feeders, 10c lower, S3 25
(^4 65; mixed Etockera, lCglSc lower, $2 25®3 70;
cows, t'i 60JH 25; heifers, $2 63®4 60; canners,
$2'd2 60; bulls, »»2C0!«»20; calves, $4 25©5 35;
Texas fed bteers, $4^4 So; grass steers, $3 30®
4 10; bulls. $2 50@3 25".
NEW TORK, Deo. 7.— The local metal mar
ket ruled generally quiet and without special
new features of importance aside from slight
losses ln tin and spelter. The weakness ln tin
was partly the result of heavy shipments from
London. Outside markets closed dull and weak
at $27 25.' Tin in London, though final prices
indicated a net gain of £1, was at one time
7e 6d below the figures of the previous day. The
close was firm at £120 6s. Lake Copper ruled
dull and nominally unchanged at S10 for Lake
Superior and J16 62% for casting copper, despite
easier advices from abroad, the market closing
in London at £73 2s 6d, a loss of 6s.
Lead, while very dull locally, was weak and
2s 6d lower in London, prices reaching the low
est mark since February 1. The close here was
dull at $4 37H- Spelter was unchanged abroad
but exhibited an easier feeling here on liberal
receipts, and closed easy at $4 22%@4 27&. The
domestic iron markets remained quiet and nom
inally unchanged, while ln London exceptional
activity prevailed. Foundry northern, $15@
16 50; southern, S14 50® 15 50. PIglron warrants,
$9 50@10 DO.
w . PARIS.
Wheat — . Dec Mar. -June.
Opening ..._..._.. ._...„.... 20 25 21 60
Closing 20 40 21 70
Flour-
Opening ....^...^. 26 10 27 50
Closing .„ 26 30 27 70
New York Metal Market.
.LIVERPOOL.
WTieat— Dec Feb. Mar,
Opening \ . — 6 u .... 6 %
Closing ¦.,...„.... 5U*4 .... 6?»
Xczi' York Exchange lower. Silver unchanged.
Wheat didl at previous quotations. Barley firm.
Oats Unit, Corn weak and dull and Rye neglected.
Bran firm and Hay steady, with larger arrivals.
Beans quiet at unchanged prices.
Potatoes in heavy receipt and easy.
Xothing new in Onions and Vegetables.
Poultry in ample supply and easy.
Another advance in Butter and Eggs. Cheese firm.
Fresh and Dried Fruits quiet and unchanged.
Provisions unsettled in the East, but steady here.
Wool, Hops and Hides as before quoted.
Meat market slenderly supplied and in favor of sellers.
Coal in fair supply and steady.
Large dealings on the local Oil Exchange.
Shipments of Butter to Chicago.
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
Foreign Futures.
COMMERCIAL AND FINANCIAL NEWS
BAGR-San Quentln nags. $5 6S- ci-.,
Grain Bags, June and July. e& WoofS?*
MttCKKe: Fleece Twine. 7Hc| F™u B^e
m«t%e for whit, and to? olea^
W^n^rJ!: g Be n attle! & *"**!«!
Harrtron'. drcolar aay.: "DuTlne th. w.ek
General Merchandise.
All descriptions continue- as before quoted
with quiet markets.
HIDES ANDSKINS-Culls and brands sell
about lc under quotations. Heavy salted
Steers. 10c; medium. 9c; light. S«ic; Cow
hides, 9c for heavy and 8Hc for Ueht- <!t»,.
SHc; Salted Kip. 9Hc; Salted Veal f^V- «a1t^i
Calf. 10c; Dry Hides. 16c; culls. Me- Dry K«r?
16c; e Dry Calf. USlTc; cults wd brands'
14c; Sheepskins, shearlings. TOfi3rte each • .hr.ll
Wool. ao©Mc each; medium. 60©ifc:*"« w^"
75c«?Jl each; Horse Hides, sait S2 50 for lVrV«
and J2 for medium. SI 50 for small and 50c for
colts: Horse Hides, dry. $175 for large 11 SO
for medium $1 25 for small and 2S@Mc for colts
D^rskins-Summcr or red skin*. ISr- JaJi or "
medium skins. 30c: winter or thin skins nua
20c. Goatskins— Prime Angoras 75c- lari-» . „ .
smooth. 50c; medium. 35c s * ana
TALLOW — No. 1 rendered, 4S4Uc n«r IK- v«
Z, 3\4c; grease. 2@2Hc. *» 4 »« P«r lb. No.
WOOL-Spring aip Is quotable as fnii^™
Northern free. 15©lSc; Northe?£^. d"ecm-e "li
©14c: Middle County, free. 14«lte- «S^i
County, defective. 12®14o- Southern M n ,S^ le
12 months'. 9«rl0c; SouthernMou^ui^ ,™ la ,
months' UCriZc; Southern Mountain def/cttv. 7
7 months', 9@llc: Humboldt and iS '
lSC17c: Nevada. 12© 16c per ib Me ndoclno.
Fall Clip— San Joaquln, ffUiBSc- do i, m K. .
<T*=: Middle County. 9®10c: Northern mS'
free. lOOlle: Southern Mountal™ 7Uesl£:
Humboldt and Mendocino. 1:©13c Sir iv? #5^ c;
HOPS-lI©16c per lb. Wr lb>
The Eastern markets for cured meats are un
settled, but this market is steady and un
changed.
CURED MEATS-Bacon. ll@114c per lb for
heavy. HV4@12c for light medium, 12H013o for
light. 13tt4?14c for extra light and 13ei5Vic for
sugar-cured; Eastern sugar-cured Hams llHc"
Mess Beef. $12 50 per barrel; extra Mess $13 :
Family, $14; extra Prime Pork. $18- extra
clear. $19 B0; Mess. $17; Smoked Beef, 13c per
pound.
LARD— Tierces quoted at t\,c per Ib for com
pound and 9 l ;c for pure; half-barrels. nure
9\ic: 10-lb tins, 10c; 5-lb tins. lOHc
COTTOLENE— One-half barrels, g^c- three
half-barrels. S%c: one tierce. 8Hc: two tierces
8c; five tierces. 7%c Der lb.
Hides, Tallow, Wool and Hops.
Provisions.
Stagnation still prevails ln this market, all
descriptions being neglected.
FRUITS— Prune*, tanta Claras. 4 sizes, Jc;
40-50s«. 7c; 50-60s. 5»«c; 60-70s. 3»ic; 70-SOs. 3%c;
S0-90s! 2^ie: 90-lCOs, 2Uc; lCCs and over, tc; ru
bles, Uc premium; Sonomas, Vic and San Joa
qulns, %c less than Santa Claras, except 100s
and over, which stand the same. Apricots. 69
8c for Royals and lOJilOHc for Moorparks;
Evaporated Apples, 536c; sun-dried. 3H@lHc:
Peaches, 4@5c for standard. I©6o for choice
and GHS'c for fancy; Pears, 2©7c; Plums,
pitted, 5Q5Hc; unp'.tted. l@lHc; Nectarines. IQ
6\<sC for red and 5HS<>c for white.
'RAISINS — The Raisin Growers' Association
ha» established the following prices for the
season of 1J00: Bleached Thompsons fancy, 12c
per lb; choice, lie; standard, &%c; prime, 8c:
unbleached. Thompson's. 9c per lb. Sultanas-
Fancy. 10V4c per lb: choice, 9He: standard. 8^ic;
prime. 8c; unbleached Sultanas. 8c; Seedless.
50-lb boxes, 6'/»c; 4-crown. 7c: London Layers, 2
crown |1 60 per box; 3-crown. Jl 60; Fancj
Clusters, 12; Dehesa, ti 50; Imperial, $1 All
prices f . o. b. at common . shipping points ln
California.
NUTS — Chestnuts. 6®7c per Ib for California
and 12c - for Italian; Walnuts. No. 1 soft
shell.'lie; No. 2, 8c; No. 1 hardshell. 10c: No. 2.
7%c; Almonds, l?SS13c for papershell, 9<31lo for
softshell; Peanuts, 5i26c for Eastern ; Brazil
Nuts. 13c: Filberts. 13c; Pecans. ll@13c; Cocoa
nuts. J3 f.0<g5.
HONEY— Comb. 13H614'4c for bright and 12H
©13c for light amber; water white, extracted
i^i^Sc; light amber, extracted, 6i$@7c; dark.
6@6V4c per lb.
BEESWAX— 24@26c per lb.
Five cars of Xew Orleans Bananas arrived.
DECIDUOUS FRUITS
APPLES— 30@60c per box for common and
C5c®$l for good to choice; Spltzenbergs, 75c©
Jl 25; Oregon Spitzenbergs. $1@1 25.
PKARS-75rr f »$l 50 nor box.
PERSIMMONS— 40@73c per box.
CKANUEIiftiKS— J«rse>». Jiu ill; Care Cod.
i\?.ra 13 50 per barrel spot and J12 to arrive; Coos
Bav. t2 COOS 75 r*r box.
STRAWBERRIES— None ln.
HASPBRRR1FS— None ln.
GRAPES— 23®50c per box and crate.
CITKU3 FKulTS— Navel Oramw. Jl 25^2 50;
Seedlings. J1S1 73; Tangerines. $1 25©1 50: Jap
ai ese Mandarins, U. 65^1; Lemons. 25c©U 25
for common and Jt 50«?2 75 for good to choice:
Grape Fmlt. $1 TJW2 50,; Mexican Lime*. U*t
4 EO; California Limes; 25®33c; Bananas. $1
jj2 50 per bunch; Pineapples, Jl©2 per dozen.
Dried Fruits, Nuts and Raisins.
There is nothing new. The cold weather still
operates against citrus fruits, which are quiet.
Persimmons continue in free supply and hard
to sell. The few Grapes here axe dragging.
The winter Orange auction will begin ln about
two weeks.
Deciduous, and Citrus Fruit3.
Another advance ln Butter and Eggs Is noted
and some dealers are reporting Butter even
higher than the top quotations. Recent re
ceipts by steamer are already well cleaned up.
and there are orders for the East on the mar
ket. In fact, a car of tub Butter was sent to
Chicago yesterday. How much this Eastern
business will amount to remains to be seen.
Stocks of Eggs continue light, and Cheese
rules very strong at the advance.
The Dairy Exchange will begin business as
soon as the rooms are ready, which will be ln
a few days.
BUTTER—
Creamery — Fancy Creamery, 27%tJ2Sc; sec
onds, 26@27c.
Dairy— Fancy, 25c; good to choice, 23224c;
common, lSQ22c.
Creamery tub— 20®22^4c per lb. j
Pickled roll— 19©21c.
Firkin— IS© 13c.
Storage goods — 21022c. _
CHEESE — New. 12g>12tte: Old. fi®U'«c;
Young America. 13*013^0: Eastern. 16c; West
ern. 13'4'BHV.c per lb.
EGGS— Store. 3C@35c; Ranch, 37%©»c for fair
and 401343c per dozen for good to choice; East
ern, 22i4@3Oc.
Butter, Cheese and Eggs.
Dressed Turkeys continue In light raealpt and
firm. Other Poultry is quiet, owing to the
heavy receipts from the East, but pricta show
little change.
Game sold rather better.
POULTRY— Live Turkeys, 11©12%c for Gob
blers and llSnVic for Hens; Dreased Turkeys,
14316c; Geese, per pair, }1 7&&2; Goslings, $1 75
©2; Ducks, J3®4 for old and S4@5 SO for young;
Hens. $3fi4 50; Young Roosters. t*@* 25; Old
Roosters, $3 50*84: Fryers. $3 5064; Broilers.
S3 50@4 for large and S3@S 25 for small:
Pigeons, $1 per dozen for old and |1 TVtSZ for
Squabs.
GAME— Quail, $1 25: Mallard. $3^4; Canvas
back, $3<g4; Sprig. Sig;2 75; Teal. Jl 25^1 50;
Widgeon, SI 23f 1 73; Small Duck. SI 25<&1 63;
Gray Geese, $3; White Gee*e, ll^l 50; Brant.
\\ 50 for small and $2 for large; Honkers. $4 50;
English Snipe, Jl 50; Jack Snipe, Jl 23; Hare.
SI; Babbits, SI 23&1 50 for Cottontail and $1
fcr Brush; Doves, 60@65c per dozen.
Poultry and Game.
Receipts of Potatoes were heavy, being over
6600 sks, Including 2743 from Oregon. Nevada
Onions are on the market, and a car of i o
tatoes also arrived from Nevada. Onions are
higher.
There is nothing new ln Vegetables, except
that Lima Beans are coming In damaged by
frost.
POTATOES-River Reds. 75©85c; Burbauks.
35©50c for River and 80c®|l 15 per ctl for Sa
linas and 63c©Jl for Oregon; Sweets, 33<250c
for River and 75@85c for Merced.
ONIONS— SI 4001 60 per ctl; cut. J1®1 25:
Oregons and Nevadas. Jl 6031 75 per ctl.
VEGETABLES-Green Peas, 4©6c per lb;
String Beans, 4@7c; .Urnas. nominal; Cabbage.
90c; Tomatoes. EOcfftl 25 for Los Angeles and
80S50C for Bay; Egg Plant. Lo» Angf.es, 6S»c
per lb; Green Peppers, 35850c per box; do, from
Los Angeles 8c per Ib; Dried Peppers, 93Uc;
Carrots, 25@85c per box; Cucumbers, 75c; Bum
mer Squash. 75c<3*l 25; Garlic. 4®5c per lb;
Marrowfat Squash, |10®12 per ton; Mushrooms.
nominal
Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables.
Beans continue Qultt and nnchan»e.1, with
moderate receipt*. _.
BEANS- Bayos. <J3 «5«S W| Hmall Whll«. %*9
4 20; Large Wnlte. »3C3 »; IMith, Mj&3 »5; «««1.
}3@3 25; Blackeye, *»; IJm«i», ?s 45; lea,
$4S4 25; Red Kidney, « 750* P«" ,<?«•, v „ „
SEEDS— Brown Muatard. nominal; yellow
Mustard, nominal; Flax. |J 6o«j K; g-imfy.
3V4o per lb for California and ««> «"'
Alfalfa, 7%®9%c; Rape. 2^©3c; 1Ui«P. *%t\V*e.
Timothy. 4@4Vie- f "J -<n " : ' •,«
DRIED PEAS-NHea. $1 7J«2 »: Oreen, 12 78
63 per ctl: Blackeye, Jl 75(3 > 25*
Beans and Seeds.
nominal; Alfalfa, |3©»M; Barley, |7M@9 60
per ton.
STRAW— 35@474c p«r bale.
¦ Canadian failures number 27, as against 28
in 189s' eek " 31 ln thIs week a year as ° and &
and Chlcasro mills are reported 'sold ahead
sixty to ninety days. At Chicago plates ar«
scarce, and a premium is offered for early
deliveries of galvanized and black sheets. I The
rail "market is - active and 60.000 tons -were
Bold at Chicajo this week, while . the total
amount on .the rail mill books is claimed to
aggregate 1,000,000 tons. While good, sales of
pig are reported at some markets, business as
a whole in this line is quieter, without, how
ever, any lack of firmness. Much is heard about
rortncomlng reductions in cost of ore. coke and
moor, and this undoubtedly checks orders
a a o but hl Eher prices for rails are talked ol,
and Southern furnaces are reported heavily
sold ahead. There is little or nothing doing
in Bessemer pig and metals. Among the other
metals copper is active and firm, but tin . Is
weaker. The shoe trade is cheerful, and East
ern manufacturers report Jobbers steady buy
at the slight advance made some weeks
. .°* \ Sn °w and wet weather are helping re
tall trade In shoes and rubbers in Northern
markets. A better report comes from the
flour milling industry, but the demand is
hardly what was expected. • Sugar is higher
ror raws, but the refining branch presents the
oia appearance of irregularity and • another
price war is foreshadowed.
Wheat, including flour, shipments for the
«« e u a f^ re &ate 3,432,169 bushels, against 2,497,
8S0 bushels last week and 6,133,331 bushels in
the corresponding week of 1899. From July 1
to date this season wheat exports are 81.231,428
bushels, against 94,301,273 bushels last season.
, o f allures for the week number 214, agalnet
il- i s -,™? ek> * iZ0 ln thls week a y ear ' a E° and
*-ji ln IojS.
Flour qr sks lO.C30;Wool, bales. ...... H
Wheat ctls 3. 420 Leather, rolls t>
Barley ctls 8.833. "Wine, gals S7.700
Oats ctls S7 1 Tallow, ctls 223
Eeans, sks 3.935 Quicksilver. Caka JJ
Rye ctls WO Cheese, ctls....... 1W
Potatoes, sks S>"^ Hides. Xo ST.
Onions, sks 1*2 TSutter. ctls 133
Middlings, sks... 650 Pelts. Mis ilS
Hay, tons 734 Lime, bbls 91
Straw tons » Eggs, doz «.C30
Sugar, ctls l.K<5
OREGON".
Flour, qr sks 5.324' Bran, sks I.BC
Poutoes, sks 2.'43!
NEVADA.
Potatoes, ska ZOO' Onions. ctU. ...... tXl
FOR FRIDAY, DECEMBER t.
Receipts of Produce.
The market continues In rood snap* tor
sellers, being slenderly supplied and flrta.
BEEF— 783c for Steer* and ey5Hc per I* for
VEAL— L4rgre. «35c: small. 9310o per IK
MUTTON— Wethers. 8&0c; Ewes. &G3tte per
pound.
LAMB— 9©10c per lb ,..„,..
PORK— Live Hogs. 5%c for small and 5%c for
medium and 5V4S5HC for large; stock Hogs and
feeders, 2©5}ic; dressed Hcg». T£S$Ma.
San Francisco Meat Market.
there have been delivered her« «««* •**°J? °f
coal from British Columbia, «.««*« m. three
from Washington. 7004 l 00 *'-, 0 ™^^?!?*^
450 tons; two from Australia. «» t0 " 8 • °f"
from Xew Tork. 2837 tons; total. 30.108 tons.
These arrivals foot up about the quan tlty w,
shall consume, hence orur reserve will .not be
disturbed.' Prices remain unaltered and th«
demand la fair. The present cold ««£***
materially Increased the domestic require
ments, but Jobbers as yet have not felt tn*
call, as retail yards throughout the city naa
overloaded themselves several months a,o.
f*-arin* a shortage about this time, hence they
hav« all for the moment been oversuppUed.
They will be In the market shortly f> "replenish
utotks. The latest eabled cost and freight rrom
Australia and Great Britain will not permit
coal shipments, hence they are virtually out
of the market. The asking prices for BrttlsS
Columbia and Washington products exclude all
forHjcn Imports, and are now gradually beln*
regulated by the rrude oil offerings, which havo
now tjccomc a disturbing element in estab.lsn-
Ing coal values. »-w wells are brlns ii«veloped
if oil prcluoers weekly, and outlets for th»lr
o'ltput must be created, which will mean a de
crease for a relative amount of coaL By tMS
time next year It will be a query where to
market our oil products, unless some foreign
consumers may be found, as we cannot possi
bly utilize It all locally. If some methods far
refining It mar be d-vlsed there would b« no
fear of overproduction."
SUGAR— The Western Pugar Refining Com
pany quotes, per Ib. In ICO-lb bass:
Crushed, «.15e: Powdered, S.75c: Candy Gran
ulated 6.75c: Dry Granulated. S.«3c: Confee
•loners' A. 5.85c; Magnolia A. 5.25c: Extra C.
5 15c- Golden C, S.OSc: barrels. 10c more; half
barrels. 25c more: boxes. Me more: 50-lb bars.
10c more. No orders taken fcr less than 75
barrels or its equivalent. Domlnos. half-bar
rels. i.40c; boxes. 6.Cc ty-r 1b.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, DECEMBER 8, 1900.
• On the Produce Exchange to-day tha butter
market -was dull; creamery, ll'Q'Uc: dairy, 13@
20c. Cheese, active, 10%@llc. Been, quiet;
fresh, 25c
Article*- • Receipts. Shipments.
Flour, barrels .~.^^..... 36 000 . 28.000
Wheat bushels .,...120.000 16.000
Corn, bushels 249.000 212,000
Oats, bushels 242,000 . &5.0OO
Rye, bushels 9,000 • 7,000
Barley, bushels 66,000 10,000
?. a "3J- W »7H@11 50; lard, per 100 pounds.
?< 10@7 1SH; ahort-rtb sides (loose), $5 23©6 75;
dry salted • shoulders (boxed). $3 ST^SB 12*4;
short clear sides (boxed). 16 7E<3« 85; whisky,
basis of high wlnea. $127; clover, contract
grade. J10@10 25.
Atchtaon. »X: Canadian PaciHo. 89V4: Union
Pacific preferred. 86: Northern Pacific pre
ferred. 84>4: Grand Trunk. 694; Anaconda. 8T4-
FffSVi" V'cen * ** 13 " 16d per ounce * Mone y>
10
DJ
Hoi
ft I This |
urs! Season, i
| Last
i Season
.:
—
14.93 •
. j 6.69
6.70
21.97
7.47
7.25
it
6.SS
. Si 4.9S
7.S4
S.SS
Jig
2.14 j
. / «.79 I
1.70
j 1.22
! 5. S3
I 2.51
1.2S
DJ
Hoi
ft I This |
urs! Season, i
| Last
i Season
.:
—
14.93 •
. j 6.69
6.70
21.97
7.47
7.25
it
6.SS
. Si 4.9S
7.S4
S.SS
Jig
2.14 j
. / «.79 I
1.70
j 1.22
! 5. S3
I 2.51
1.2STHE CHINESE COOK IN THE. FAMILY OF THE HEAD OF THE UNIVERSITY OF CALIFORNIA ACQUIRES
A LIBERAL EDUCATION IN ARCHAEOLOGY WHILE DELVING IN A MYSTERIOUS BOK IN* THE EX
PECTATION OF FINDING MATERIAL FOR A FEAST. >•; .V , .. • ..
His pigtail stood up straight In the air
and he ran shrieking through the house.
'Heap dead man' In box!" shouted the
excited Celestial.
At last Mrs. Wheeler was Induced to
make an Investigation of the Chinaman's
excitement, and she found that the box
that the cook had supposed contained ma
terials for a feast contained an Egyptian
mummy that had been . sent by Mrs.
Hearst to President Wheeler for the uni
versity.
The Chinaman was so much disturbed
over the discovery of the body In the box
that he declined to allow it even to be
stored next to his room, and President
Wheeler had to keep it in his library over
night.
The box was long and narrow and tight
ly built. It required ardent application of
hammer and oh!s=el to remove the top. and
then the Chinaman found generous quan
tities of excelsior, underneath which was
some felt packing.
Layer after layer of all kinds of packing
was removed, until suddenly the China
man emitted a yell that would have done
credit to a Berkeley rooter when the ball
was almost over the Stanford goal line.
receipt of presents, particularly at this
time of the year, and as many of these
presents are of an edible nature, the Chi
naman followed precedent and arranged
to prepare the contents of the box for din
ner. '.¦•:¦ :
Licensed to Marry.
OAKLAND. Dec. 7.— Licenses to marry
were issued to-day to Albert E. Williams.
46, San Francisco, and Jennie Williams.
44, Ontario: Frank Eugene Manzer, 38,
and Minnie Bergman. 31, San Francisco;
Fred C. Jones, 29. and Eva Whltehead.
22, San Francisco. HRM
OAKLAND. Dec. 7.-The will of John
Connell. the blind man who begged and
borrowed, though he had money in the
bank, was tiled to-day by his daughter.
Julia Connell. who wants to be appointed
administratrix of the estate. The docu
ment was found in a trunk. Its terms
direct that after the funeral expenses
have been paid and a stone put over the
deceased's grave, one-half of the estate is
to be given to a crippled ' son, Daniel
Connell. the remaining natt to.be dis
tributed among the other five children.
Mary, Julia, Nellie. John and James Con
nell.
Estate to His Crippled
Son.
¦WTIX OP THE BI.IND
BEGGAR IS FILED
John Connell Leaves Half of His
OAKLAND. Dec. T.-Nellle C. Crane
was granted ¦ a divorce to-day from for
mer County Clerk James E. Crane on the
ground of failure to '"provide.. Judge Ells
worth granted a divorce to Clara' B. Car
,ter from W. F. Carter on the ground of
failure to provide.
Couples Are Separated.
¦ « »
TEACHEBS' INSTITUTE
TO MEET THIS MONTH
In a circular issued yesterday to princi
pal? and teachers by Superintendent of
rVhools Webster notification is given that,
a* required by law, an institute of the
public school teachers of this city will be
lir-ld in Metropolitan Temple on Decem
ber V> and 28. The institute will be held
In conjunction with the annual session of
Th" California State Teachers' Assocla^
Hon. Charles T. Thwlng, president of the
Western Reserve University, Cleveland,
Ohio, has been selected as institute lect
urer.
Principals and teachers ar<* also In
formed that they may receive further con
tributions of money to aid the citizens of
';a:v*>ston and Brazorls, County, Texas, in
the re«-on!=t ruction of 6chool buildings de
stroyed by the hurricane last September.
Bf-r-r^tary White of the Society for Pre
vention oi Cruelty to Children asks for
<-o-op'-ratlon in the enforcement of the
rule prohibiting boys from Jumping on or
< ft cars while In motion by warning them
"S the danger attending its violation.
From the Southern Pacific for
His Father's Death.
"WALTER. KELLOGG GETS .
A DAMAGE VERDICT
Eecovers Twelve Hundred Dollars
Walter Thompson Kellogg recovered
Judgment yesterday afternoon in the
United States Circuit Court against the
Southern Pacific Company for $1200 for
the loss of his father, George S. Kellogg,
In a railroad accident on October 16, 1898.
George S. Kellogg was a railway mall
clerk and was killed by the telescoping
of two cars when the engine was derailed
by running upon a sand drift in the des
ert between Yuma and Glamls.
Young Kellogg, who is now 18 years old,
sued the railroad company for $10,000
damages for the death of his father, and
alleged that the accident was due to the
negligence of the railroad officials. The
case was tried -before Judge Morrow and
a Jury last August and the Jury dls
agreed.
defense was that the father of the
plaintiff was a dissipated man, and had
deserted his boy years before the acci
dent and had not contributed one cent
toward his support. It was thereforefar
gxied by the attorneys for the railroad
company that the value of the father so
far as the son was concerned was noth
ing.
Bids to Pave Grant Avenue.
The Board of Public Works directed
Secretary Park yesterday to advertise for
bids for the paving: of Grant avenue from
O'Farrell to .Bush streets with asphalt on
a basalt block and cobble foundation.
The 6an Francisco and San Mateo Elec
tric Railway Company was awarded a
certificate of satisfactory completion of
the repairing and repavlng of Steuait
etreet between Howard and Market, for
merly occupied by its tracks. The secre
tary was also directed to advertise- for
bids for the construction of a^ewer along
Andover and Crescent avenum .
Dunn says the- Nlcolai mine is the prin
cipal discovery thus far and considerable
work has been done on It. this year. The
company owning the property was formed
In Minnesota, The ore from this mine as
says $27 to the ton in gold,- silver and cop
per and twenty men have been kept at
work on it all summer.
Dunn reports a fresh eruption of Mount
Wrangel on the evening • of the 4th and
the morningr of the 5th of October. This
time, unlike the last two outbreaks, there
was no shock whatever and all that Indi
cated an outburst wa» two Bteam Jets
through the enveloping clouds. Later,- on
the side of the mountain where a large
glacier had been the nlsrht before, the
ground could bo seen to be perfectly black
and bare.
VICTORIA, Dec 7.— According to ad
vices received here R. B. Dunn, a New
York newspaper man, who has arrived at
Dawson from the Copper River district,
eay* that the copper finds ther« are un
doubtedly very rich. United States Geolo
gist Schrader, who was In the country,
told him that the mines were the richest
in the world. They are located on the
Koecklna and Clttynar rivers, tributaries
of the Copper River, south of th« volcano,
Mount Wrangel. Tin ore assaying 10 per
cent has been discovered in the same re
gion.
the Volcano.
Glacier Disappears From the Ride of
Miss Telfer Is a daughter of the foreman
ehipsmlth of the Union Iron Works. She
MOUNT WBANGEL IN EBTJFTION.
then depart for Monterey on their honey
moon. On their return they will take up
a residence in this city.
• Mr. Cavanagh has been with the Union
Iron Works during the past sixteen years.
He entered the employ of the Scotts as an
office boy and by close attention to his
duties. was rewarded with continued ad
vancement. He is extremely popular
among his fellow workers, and they have
attested their regard for him" by present
ing him with a magnificent wedding-pres
ent.
OAKLAND. Dec. 7.— Edward Conway.
the man whose wife fired a shot Into his
body a week ago because he approached
her in a threatening manne- , rt oes j not
want Mrs. Conway to com v^o v*xhero
near him. He says he fears r?* is life,
and will keep a safe distance between
himself and her. \
When Mrs. Conway, who was released
from prison yesterday, called at the Re
ceiving Hospital to see Conway this
morning, .he begged the attendants not
to let her into the ward where he is ly
ing.
Mrs. Conway told the hospital attend
ants that she had come there in response
to a request from Conway, through her
attorney. She was told that her hus
band could not be seen, as It was
against the physician's orders.
When She Called Upon Him at Re
ceiving Hospital He Begged At- "
' tendants Not to Admit Her.
CONWAY AFRAID HIS
WIPE WILL KILL HIM
"-' PORTLAND, ¦ Dec. . 7.— Martin Denny , of
Australia was given ,' the decision at the
Exposition building here to-night In a
twenty-round fight - with ' Jimmy Riley of
San Francisco. 'L^MflCBBHMMHMsKSr 1
Jimmy Blley . Outpointed.
VICTORIA, Dec- 7. — The steamer Alpha,
which sailed on "Wednesday for Yokoha
ma with a cargo of 600 tons of salt sal
mon, has returned In distress. Her ofll
cere tell of a race with rapidly rising
water in her flrerooms, boiler-rooms and
engine-rooms, to cope with which only the
hand pumps were available, the accident
preventing the use of the steam pumps.
The weather was fine, forunately for the
steamer, as she • was 200 miles out ' from
this port ¦when word was brought to the
captain that. the vessel was leaking 1 . •;
The location , of tho leak has not been
found and it may be that* the vessel will
have to be docked. The Alpha, it seems,
was ashore sometime ago when she was
running to Northern. : British „ Columbia
ports from Vancouver, and some of those
on her believe that she then Btralned her
plates and with \ the buff etinsr of the con
trary. seas encountered off '- the coast - en
route to- the Orient '- these plates ¦ parted
and gave an inlet to the water. Her fire
men were in water up to their knees when
she reached port. ;
Sea and Puts Bock to
Victoria.
Steamship Alpha Springs a Leak at
BACES FOB POBT WITH
WATEB IN HEB HOLD
is very pretty, highly, accomplished and
numbers her friends by the score. She
resides with her parents at 642 Oak street.
On Thursday evening last Mr. Cavanagh
took leave of his bachelor friends at a
dinner given by him in a downtown res
taurant. Covers were laid for fifty. The
dinner was voted a gem and the host was
toasted and felicitated. Oeste Franks,
Peter Dunworth, Teddy Greenfield and a
number of other sweet singers were in
troduced by Superintendent John T. Scott,
who acted as toastmaster. Those seated
at the banquet board were:
«£ }? Br S™ r 'J-f; S^ CTalr ' M - Garrine. Dan
O'Callashan, E. H. ¦ Torpey, C. A. Dewey F.
Lorton J. Perkins, O. E. Devlne. T. Cavanaith
Tom tfollaran. F. Mlchalette. F. Lewis John
Holland. T. Owens, E. Stark, C Regan C Mc-
Donald, B. Telfei\ F. Lcnlhan, B. Cheney,
Leu Is Fortune, George Cavanagh John T
Scott, William J. Clinton. Louis Levy p Wal
lnce, H. W. Blachman, Oesle Franks. F. "Hum
mers. C. Nauman, T. Watson, W. Manuel V
CCNell. E. Birdsall. H. Prescott. T. Greenfield'
O. Hatto, W. Rose, F. Leonard, R. Telfer • R.
Christian, G Compton. J. Cronln, P. Dunworth
J. Terrll and J. Black.
m
MISS M. A. TELFER AND GEORGE
W. CAVANAGH, WHO WILL WED
NEXT TUESDAY.
The fourth general meeting of the So
ciety of St. Vincent de Paul of the con
ferences of San Francisco for 1900 will be
held Sunday morning in the hall of St.
James Church. CJuerrero and Twenty
fourth streets; at 8 o'clock. The mem
bers will march from there to the church
and receive holy communion at the spe
cial mass kindly arranged by the pastor
for the convenience of the members of
the distant parishes. The conferences
will assemble again in the same hall at
3 o'clock In the afternoon to hear the
term reports of the conferences and to
transact other business.
Will Receive Holy Communion.
COAST BREVITIES.
VANCOUVER, Dec. 7.— It Is announced here
that the Government will cancel naturalization
papers Issued In this province to 3000 Japan
ese, on the ground that the papers were- fraud
ulently obtained, the applicants not having
rrsldrd In Canada during the statutory period
of three ypars.
LOS ANGELES. Dec. 7.— The Chamber of
Commerce is In receipt of a letter stating that
about forty Btudents of Tale, comprising a
Klee and concert club, are coming to Los An-
Reles and will give a series of concerts, to be
followed by a tour of the Pacific Coast. They
will arrive here about Christmas.
VICTORIA, Dec. 7.— The question has arisen
whether probate should be given to the will
of John Todd, who was killed at Paartieeburg,
South Africa. The will was made when Mr.
Todd, who hailed from Monterey, Cal., was
with the United States cavalryMn the Philip
pines, and was written In his book, with no
witnesses. Todii left $1000 Insurance and other
property.
STOCKTON', Dec. 7.— Mrs. F. L. Crain drank
six ounces of carbolic acid this evening and
died In a few minutes. With her husband,
F\ L,. Craln. she came to Stockton on Thurs
day Jn a wagon and was camping near the
city. No cause is assigned for the suicide. Her
lips and mouth were horribly burned and she
must have suffered excruciating -pain. An in
quest will be held to-morrow.
WOODLAND, Dec. 7.-r-The people of Tolo
County have not had a glimpse of the eun for
more than a week. A dense tule fog has en
veloped the country and at night it Is so
heavy as to amount practically to a shower.
Old settlers say that nothing short of a heavy
rain or a violent north wind .will dispel It.
They also eay the temperature Is much lower
than It was last year. Some accept thlB as an
indication of another dry season.
Feared Alameda Justice.
ALAMBDA, Dec. 7.— Seymour Arada,
who was arrested here on complaint of
Frank Norflct and charged with battery,
pleaded not guilty before Justice Qulrin
In Oakland to-day and his case was con
tinued until next Mqnday to be set.
Arada secured a change" of venue to the
Oakland court by making affidavit that
he did not think he could get a fair
hearing before Justice Morris. Arada has
been up before Justice Morris on several
other occasions, and he feared severe
punishment If found guilty on this
charge.
lir^r" Court by J. J. Redmond against the
'I 'a rifle States Telephone and Telegraph
Compojqr to recover J2?3 for failure to de
li wr a telephone message. Redmond, who
la a dentist, avers that on September 21
he presented to the defendant at Its office
ftt I>a. Porte, Cai.. a telephone message
r*-ad!rg:
Irr.po - Bro».. 527 Market street. Ran Fran
'!fo: Sen«l me at once, to La Porte, gold
.'oil «.n<l other mat-riHl for filling purposes.
rubber tfam, »roM orovme. gold caps and other
s.v.ir-lfs for eontcur •work. Am entirely out
ui material and need poods at once.
'¦ Redmond alleges that through the neg-
J'gence and carelessness of the company
the message was not transmitted to Impcy
Brothers at all and was lost. Redmond
further rays that by reason of the com
l-iany's carelessness he was wholly Idle
and unable to do any work at his profes
sion and was unable to .keep his appoint
ments with his patients and lost them
thereby at La Porte and Gibsonville, Cal.
FAJXS TO DELIVER
TELEPHONE MESSAGE
Dentist Sues Pacific States Company
for Negrlig-ence Whereby He
Lost Patients.
A Ftiit was filed yesterday Jn the Jus-
The question of whether the State law
or the charter controls the Board of Edu
cation in the matter of Inspection of pub
lic school buildings is In issue in the case
Instituted by Inspector Wellin against
School Superintendent Webster. : The
case was argued before Judge Seawell
yesterday and submitted for decision.
Wellin was -appointed by the Board oC
Education under the charter. Superin
tendent Webster refused to sign his de
mand on the treasury. The suit will de
termine the legality of Wellln's appoint
ment.
Status of School Inspectors.
B^ Large.
E. O. McCormiek. passenger traffic
manager of the Southern Pacific, returned
yesterday afternoon from St. Louis and
Chicago, where he attended meetings of
the Transcontinental Passenger Associa
tion. A matter of considerable interest
to Callfornlans which came up at both
meetings was the fixing of a ppecial
transportation rate for,delegates who will
attend the Epworth League convention,
to be held in this city in July of next
year, x rom 25,000 to 30,000 visitors, from
all parts of the United States, are expect
ed, and special trains to the coast will ba
run from every large city In the East.
It was practically agreed that a round
trip fare of $50 rhould be offered from
Chicago to this city, and the holder will I
have the benefit of a generous number of
stop-over privileges. Mr. McCormick says
that the railroads are .planning to carry
as many. If not more, delegates as were
handled during the Christian Endeavor
convention here three years ago.
Another important matter taken up oy
the association was the fixing of colo
nists' rates, which will go Into effect Feb
ruary 12. 19 and 26; March 6, 12, 19 and 26,
and April 2, 9. 11. 23 and 30.
"The idea of having colonists' rates,"
said Mr. McCormick. "in to attract vis
itors to the West— men who have small
sums to Invest in real estate and who
would have come out here long ago if
transportation had been within their
reach. Exceptionally low rates will be ot
fered. From Chicago the fare will be
$30; from St. Louis, $27 50; from points
west of the Missouri River 525, and from
Memphis, $27 50."
The matter of transportation of corpses
In baggage-cars was discussed and finally
laid over until the January meeting. The
railroads are anxious to discontinue car
rying corpses, the plan being to turn the
business over to the express companies.
E. O. McCormick, Back From Last,
Says Epworth Convention Will
RAILROADS PLANNED TO
CARRY MANY DELEGATES
Everything in the line of office and cor
respondence stationery, fountain pens,
Koh-l-noor pencils, legal blanks, type
writers" materials, diaries and dally Jour
nals for 1901 now on sale. Sanborn VaU
& Co., 741 Market street •
Choice Stationery.
DINES HIS MALE FRIENDS
ON EVE OF HIS WEDDING
George W. Cavanagh Bids a Formal and
Joyous Adieu to Baehelordom:
GEORGE W. CAVANAGH. chief
timekeeper at the Union Iron
Works, will be united In mar
riage to Miss M. A. Telfer, a
well known and popular young
lady of this city, next Tuesday. The cere
mony will take place In Sacred Heart
Church, and Rev. Father Cullen, an inti
mate friend of the young couple, will of
ficiate.
The groom will be attended by William
Clinton, and' Miss Josie Cream will be
bridesmaid. T. M. Maroney and J*^?. Sin
clair will act as ushers. After the cere
mony the bridal party will adjourn to- the
California Hotel and partake of a wed
ding breakfast. The bride and groom will
Two electric cars collided at the corner
of Fourth and Folsom streets at 10:30
o'clock last night, but beyond painfully
injuring two persons and splintering the
ftlass and tlgnter woodwork of the car*
no damage was done. The north-bound
Folsom-street car struck the west-bound
Fourth-street car. and F. Cordova, 3K>
West St. James street, San Jose, who
was sitting on the dummy of the latter,
had his leg jammed and badly bruised.
H. S. Westphal. conductor of the Folsom
street car. was severely cut about the
head by flying glass.
Electric Cars Collide.
Claim Filed at Tacoma by a Portion
of the Crew of the Cen
tennial.
TACOMA. Dec. 7.— The first mate, fire
men and coal passers of the steamship
Centennial to-day libeled the steamship
Santa Ana of Ran Francisco, claiming as
their share one-third of the salvage due
the Centennial for towlner the Santa Ana
from Nome to Seattle. The vessels were
chartered to the Northwest Commercial
Company, with the result that- the Cen
tennial made no claim for damage. The
mate, firemen and coal passers, forming
one-third of the Centennial's crew, claim
that the services rendered by the Centen
nial clearly entitle her to salvage, and ac
cordingly demand their share. The Santa
Ana was towed south by the Centennial
because she had broken several propeller
blades, rendering her partially helpless.
She is valued at $130,000 and her cargo at
$20,000. The Santa Ana was libeled at the
Tacoma drydock, where she is being re
paired.
STEAMSHIP SANTA ANA
LIBELED FOR SALVAGE
OAKLAND, Dec. 7.— An expressman
drove up to the residence of Pres
ident Benjamin Ide Wheeler of
the University of California yes
terday In Berkeley and deposited
a large but not very heavy box upon the
steps. President Wheeler was not at
home, and his Chinese servant received
the box and at once removed It to the
kitchen.
Not having taken all of the higher
courses In the university over which his
employer presides, the Chinaman grasped
only the fact that the box was for Mr.
Wheeler. As the president 1b In frequent
The association adopted by-laws.
Thirty-four stores have already agreed to
close at 6 p. m.. beginning January L
President. James A. Johnston; first vice
president. Leo Rlnstein: second pres
ident, S. Morris; secretary, Leo Kauff
mann; financial secretary, B. H. Bryan;
treasurer. W. T. Hobsoir. guide. H. Wel
nor; guardian. II. K. Phillips; sentinel,
Harry Schwartz; delegates to San Fran
cisco Labor Council — Louis Wallenstein.
Norman W. Hall. A. E. Rowe; trustees —
Herman Kauffmann, Norman W. Hall. B.
H. Davis; grievance committee— Leu
Kauffmann, Lester Field. A. E. Rowe.
San Francisco Locnl No. 432. Retail
Clerks' International Protective Associa
tion, held a very well attended meeting
Thursday, over 159 members being pres
ent. - The following officers were elected
to serve for the ensuing term:
Retail Clerks Elect Officers.
"Most peop!'* treat the outgoing of the
century ¦with a? little consideration as If
It were the outgoing of the year," said
Rabbi Vcorsanger at the Temple Emanu-
Kl last evening.
."We a.re all especially privileged in see
irg th»* glories of this period. Prophets
rind deep scholars say that the glories will
1 e greater in the coming century than In
th«> past one. The first suggestion that
< omes to my mind is that most people
have a fixed i<!ea that as the world grows
older it becomes more liberal. There are
others who think that the world Is becom
!r,c more indifferent.
'We see every day young men who turn
tb<*ir barks to religion, but really the
world is more religious now than it was
¦ in the last century- I think that the world
is boiler now than it ¦was thirty years
ago. At the opening of this century there
was a feeling of unrest, there was .a social
upheaval, poverty was rampant. In
¦France there was a big revolution. When
an Emperor's throne is shaking the Pope's
tiara does not Fit steady on his head. Re
ligion at that time had received a big
shaking up: the world was beginning to
<i»e.«tinn divine orijrin. Priests and rabbis
¦were h.eld fn contempt. The French people
:ea!ly thought that God was dethroned
and that 'reason' would rule the world.
Society at that time was divided into two
''istir.ct classes, the dogmatist and the
• ¦rposite. Therefore It was quite natural
:hat in the two classes there were the be
liever and the unbeliever. One faction
t-hnupht that it was its duty to remain
•rue to the faith of its fathers. Friction
jr:r-reaj:ed and Infidelity became rampant.
Ail relipious. denominations have now &
bigger following. There was more dissipa
tion in the past than there Is now, and I
i»m bold to pay that there seems to be less
enmity between the different religious de
nominations now and more efforts for
harmony."
Before the Congregation Sherith Israel
the Rev. Dr. Jacob Nieto delivered an
r.loquent sermon in which he discussed
Richard Wsjrner as a religionist. The
reverend gentleman analysed the music
of the great composer as an inspiration,
as an exposition of religious, exalted feel
ing, as an exponent of noble, pure, holy
? motion. Wagner is a religionist, he de
<-1.irea. tn The highest sense of the term,
r.ot In the meaning of dogma or doctrine,
for after all they are but the trappings
of the stage. Wagner is a religionist be
cause with greater eloquence than words
bis music appeals to men, to make them
l-etter. purer, nobler in their lives, more
hopeful, faithful and confiding in their
belief in God.
"What greater Inspiration can we
have." he said, "than when we hear an
::!zabeth praying that goodness may
T<-ign supreme on earth and that men
may love one another."
End of This Century and the
Hope of the Next.
Dr. Voorsanger Reflects TJpon the
RABBI NTETO'S TRIBUTE
TO RELIGION IN MUSIC
The Incident in the wardroom of the
Marlon, in which It was charged Morri
son used insulting language, was ex
plained by Morrison with the statement
that he had a right to object to the pres
ence of all the guests in the wardroom,
but. that probably he had expressed his
objections in more forcible language than
he should have used.
The Investigation will go on again Mon
day.
It was shown by the testimony of W.
G. Morrison, lieutenant commanding the
First Division, that the order calling the
muster was dated for one day and an
other date so it was Impossible to tell
whether the muster was to be held on
Tuesday, November 20, or Wednesday.
November 21. The order called for Tues
day, November 2L It was shown, too,
by the testimony of Major Hewes, the
Inspecting officer, that there were no
property rolls ready, no muster rolls
made up nor was the propcrtv of the
division in any condition to be inspected.
The night of Wednesday, November 21.
for which the muster had been ordered
by General Dickinson, there were but ten
men and two officers of the division pres
ent. It was shown that when the officers
of the division were told to line up their
men they lined fourteen,* and two of
these were members of the other division
and two more were not members of the
naval militia at all.
Regarding the parade report for Sep
tember 10. it was shown that Morrison
reported thirty-seven men present when
he had not sufficient men to man a platoon
that required at most thirty-six men, and
that ten men from other organizations in
the parade were detailed to him to make
up the necessary complement for his
platoon.
Matters became irore Interesting at the
inquiry into the affairs of tho Naval Mili
tia la*t evening, the testimony turning
upon the muster of the First Division last
month and the parade reports for the
10th of September parade.
Parade Report.
Lieutenant Morrison Did Not Make
• Ready for Inspection — His
HIS MUSTER .BOLLS
WERE" NOT PREPARED
President Wheeler's Chinese Servant H3s a Hair-Raising
Experience as Result of His Innocent Curiosity.
"You will see two of these buildings on
the campus, some of you, during your
residence here as undergraduates. Dur
ing the next ten or twelve years active
work on university buildings will con
tinue-."
Benard's revised plans are much simpler
than those shown in his original design.
The presidents mansion for which he
provides will be the first building to be
erected. Work . of breaking ground for
the* foundation has already been com
menced.
"Do not be impatient because that
dream of granite and stone formed a
year or two ago has not been reallz?d.
Revision of the plans was necessary In
accordance with the money In .eight or
nearly in sight. The plans are now some
whore between here and Chicago. They
will arrive In San Francisco on Monday
night and will be presented to the Re
gents at their meeting on Tuesday. As
soon as the Regents accept these plans
work will commence.
Mr. Rowell spoke on the revival of
political Interest in thi3 country. He
urged the students to take an active In
terest in politics. It was their duty as
citizens, he said, and the country needed
thevuntveraity influence.
PrVsldent Wheeler said In part to the
students: ¦ •. <
The coming of the plans was announced
to the students at the closing university
meeting of the year, held this mornlnar
in the gymnasium. President Wheeler,
in a short address, told the students
something of Berkeley's future hopes. Be
fore his address President Wheeler intro
duced Chester Rowell of Fresno, a Uni
versity Regent and State Senator.
BERKELEY. Dec. 7.— Architect Ben
arri's revised plans for the new University
of California will arrive In San Francisco
on Monday from Paris. On Tuesday
they will be opened and exhibited to the
University Regents at the Mark Hopkins
Institute of Art. A3 noon a." the Regents
accept the plans wcrk will commence on
the greater university. Owing to the uni
verslty's^ present financial state, how
ever, no* great amount cf work can be
done for several *"ears.
As Soon as the Designs Are Accepted
by' the Board of He gent*
Work Will Com
mence.
Benards Revised Plans to
Arrive in San Francisco
Monday.
NEW UNIVERSITY
IS NOW ASSURED
and Nearly Starved
Him.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call.
1118 Broadway. Dec. 7.
According to the answer filed by Ed
ward R. Perrin to-day "to the suit his
wife, Sarah Perrin. has brought against
him for desertion the usual obligations of
man and woman in the matter of court
ship and marriage were quite Reversed.
To cap the climax Perrin winds up his
story of abuse by asserting that he is
without funds whatever, and asking that
the court make an order directing his
wife to pay him alimony at the rate of
$50 a month.
Perrin asserts that he met Sarah John
son, or. rather, she met him, in 1S09, when
he was conducting a little store In Ala
meda. Though she was 70 years old and
he 74 years, she took a fancy to him
right away. After a short wooing on her
part she demanded that he marry her.
Perrin said he was content to live on his
pension and his little store. Sarah John
son said that there was enough for two,
and that they would live In tranquillity
at San Leandro. her home. .There was a
promise that there were to be no more
boarders kept by the bride-to-be. Perrin
consented to marry after all these prom
ises were made.
But. Perrin allpRPs. his wife began to
abuse him a few days after the wedding,
which took place in October, 1S99. She
made him work at menial labor from
morning until night, anil then nearly
starved him by giving him food that was
not fit to eat. He winds up his statement
with the assertion that, "fearing his mar
riage misery would hasten him to hl3
grave, he quit plaintiff in disgust one
month «jft«>r the wadding."
WANTS HIS WIFE
TO PAY ALIMONY
Perrin Says All the Wooing
Was Done by the Woman
He Deserted.
¦ ?
Compelled Him to Work at Menial
Labor From Morning Till Night
ALAMEDA, Dec. 7.— Algernon S. Sayle
died last evening at his residence on Cen
tral avenue. He was a native of Ten
nessee, aged 72 years, and had lived here
nine years. An autopsy disclosed the
cause of death to be fatty degeneration
of the heart. Deceased leaves a wife and
a daughter, Miss Helen Sayle. The fu
neral will be held Sunday at 2 p. m., and
Interment will be in Mountain View Cem
etery- -
Algernon S. Sayle Dies.
TUCSON. Ariz.. Dec. 7.— Judge Charles
W. Wright died here this morning. An
operation for appendicitis was performed
last ntght, from which he rallied, but soon
sank again Into his death sleep. He was
prominent as a lawyer and an orator and
was chairman of the Arizona. Code Com
mission. He was 59 years old.
Judge Charles W. Wright
STOCKTON,' Dec. 7.— C. A. Campbell,
ex-City Clerk of Stockton, died to-night
after a long Illness. Pie had been prom
inently identified with this city's affairs
for years and held the office of City Clerk
for three terms. Deceased was 62 years
old and a member of the Odd - Fellows
Red Men. United -Workmen and Knights
of Pythias. •.¦<¦--¦ -
C. A. Campbell.
VALLEJO. Dec. 7.— William Hubbard.
a pioneer of Vallejo, died yesterday of
pneumonia. He was a native of Chile,
and came to San Francisco in 1S49, being
employed as engineer on ocean steamers
between San Francisco and Panama. He
finally came to this city, where he has
been employed In the steam engineering
department at Mare Island. He received
his early education at the University of
the Pacific at Santa Clara, being one of
the first scholars of that college.
William Hubbard.
Mr. Chesebrough was a brother cf the
late '-"Count" Blazius M. Chesebroyg-h of
California and forirorly of this city
O. A. Chci'obrough, twenty years after
the "Count's" death. In lStW. was called
upon as executor to defend his estate of
$3,000,000 against s. claim for :t daughter's
share, made by Mrs. Lpomra Augusta
Arnold, who asserted that the was the
child of "Count" Chesebrough and Jo
sephine Creigler. Suit was begun before
Judge Benedict. in the United £?tate/s Court
of Brooklyn, to compel Charles Augustus
Chcsebroush to give an accounting 'of the
estate and deliver to Mrs. Arnold the
share claimed by her. B. Lincoln Bene
dict was appointed referee. Mr. Chese
brough won the case ifter a year of liti
gation.
NEW YORK. Dec. 7.— Charles Augustus
Chesebrough, a millionaire real estate
owner of the city, died to-day at his
home, 332 East Eighteenth street, after a
«hcrt illness, from cirrhosis of the liver.
He r-cd recently rtturne.l from his sum
mer home at Northpurt. L. I. He was
ccnfirci 1 . to his bed for Wss than a wtok.
Tie r/as born !n this city seventy-nine
years ago. Mr. Chesebrough's wealth, «s.
timateti at between $lf,00O.0<X> and $20,000,
000, represented the Increase of an inheri
tance from his mothfr, Mrt>. Margaret
CheFebrough.
Millionaire Passes Away at His Horns
in New York.
CHARLES A CHESEBBOUGH.
The adoption or rejection of these
amendments will have a great effect upon
the coming city campaign. If the amend
ments carry it will center the fight upon
the one office of Mayor, because he will
have the appointment of the new Board
of Public Works and Police and Fire
Commissioners, which are made separate
organizations. The entire patronage of
the city will be dispensed by those
boards. If the amendments do net carry
it means that there will be hard fights
for the offices of Mayor. City Engineer
and City Attorney next spring, for they
are -the distributors of the patronage
under the present system.
Municipal candidates are not announc
ing themselves now. and will not do so
until after the election to-morrow, for
that event may change the entire com
plexion of affairs.
THE DAY'S DEAD.
There have been a' number of meetings
that were held for the purpose of explain
ing the amendments, but they have not
been largely attended, and have simply
served to give vent to some personal
opinions upon Oakland politics.
The vote to-morrow is not expected to
be large, and as it requires a three-fifths
majority there is some question as to
whether the amendments will carry.
Each side thinks it will win. but owing
to the lack of interest the result is very
uncertain.
On the other hand that faction In the
city government headed by Frank K.
Mott and Anston Barstow is supporting
the amendments.
It was thought at first that there would
be little opposition to the amendments,
but within the last few weeks very de
cided opposition has developed. The ele
ment in the municipal government repre
sented by Councilmen Taylor, Rowe and
Stetson.' City Attorney Dow and their
following is now openly against the
amendments, particularly those reor
ganizing the Board of Public "Works and
the Police and Fire Cornmlssien. The
Enquirer, which is the organ of that fac
tion, has announced editorial opposition
to the amendments.
The special election for the adoption or
rejection of amendments to the Oakland
charter will be held to-morrow through
out the city. There are eight amend
ments which the people will be asked to
pass upon, four of which deal with, the
reorganization of the. Beard of Public
Works, Police and Fire Commissioners,
and changing the duties of the City At
torney and City Engineer.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call.
111S Broadway. Dec. 7.
Indifference end Animosities That
Have Been Created May Have
Their Effect at the Polls
To-Day.
Voters Show Lack of In
terest in Proposed Char
ter Changes.
AMENDMENTS MAY
NOT BE ADOPTED
Strange Man Atlaoks Berke
ley Ladies on Streets
After DarL
COLLEGE TOWN
WOMEN HUGGED
Frightens His Victims So Badly That
Only Vague Descriptions Can
Be Secured by the
Police.
On three or four occasions several young
ladies together were accosted by the hug
ger. He caught one of them in his arms.
tyxt fled, frightened by their screams. His
attacks are generally made between 7 and
M o'clock in the neighborhood of ChannJng:
•v. ay, Bowditch and Ellsworth streets. The
t-rst appearar.ee of this persistent hunger
¦was made about two months ago on Bow
c.tca street, when Mrs. Douglas Keith
•rt-.a* attacked. Mrs. Keith succeeded in
frightening the raecal away, but he has
Kept up his work from time to time ever
since.
Great difficulty Is found in getting a
dftcripticn of the man. The women
>.u*;^d are generally too badly frightened
to notice what the man looks like. Others
object to the notoriety that would follow
his identification and refuse to tell of the
affair. In several cases which have been
brought to the notice of the Marshal and
his deputies the women have declined to
pive any satisfactory information. The
descriptions given by those who are will
ing to talk nav«? beon so vague and of
siich varieties that the officers have been
unable to locate the man.
Marshal Richard Lloyd refused to give
the names of thp hugger's victims.
BERKELEY. Dec. 7.— Some man*"with
an irresistible desire to hug vomen has
caused fuch a fright among the gentler
sex in this city that none dare to ven
ture out after dark without masculine
protection. The Ftranpe individual has al
ways content^ himself with a mild em
brace and then retreated as rapidly as the
Jriphtened woman.
EGYPTIAN MUMMY DISPELS
HIS DREAM OF A BIG FEAST
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, DECEMBER 8, 1900.
11
Immediately on Arising
in the Morning Take # a Goblet of the
BEST NATURAL LAXATIVE WATER KNOWN,
<- It lit "friend Indeed" (the next morning) to the "diner-out."
¦ a. apeed;-, aure and gentle cure for all. disorders of the stomach and liver. It has
« no equal as & remedy for
Constipation and Biliousness*
To Protect Yourself Against Substitution
BE SURE AND USE THE FULL HAME-"HUHYADl-JAHOS"
Label on Bottle Is Blue with Red Centre Panel.
All aorts of people use Pears* soap, aa sort*
oi stores sell it, e specially timseMa.
Pears'
No other soap in
the world is used so
1 much; or so little of
it goes so far.
For a Cold in the Head-
Laxative Bromo-Qulnine Tablets. *THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, iJUUiCMJBEK », -laOu.
12
SAX FRAXCISCO CALL.
BUSINESS OFFICE of The San Francisco
Call, corner of Market and Third streets; open
until 12 o'clock every night In the year.
BRANCH OFFICES— £27 Montgomery street,
corner Clay; open until >:C0 p. m.
2'0 Hnycs ftroet; open until 3:S0 p. m.
CSS McAllister street: open until •:*> p. m.
H5 Larkln street; open until 9:30 p. m.
:<M1 Mission Ftrect; open until 10 p. m.
:2«1 Market street, comer Sixteenth: open
until 3 j>. m.
:<*, Eleventh street; open until * p. m.
1096 Valencia Ftreet; open until 9 p. m.
North%ve«t corner Twenty-second and Ken-
fjrky Mreets: <.-\*n until 9 p. m.
MEETIXC XOTICES.
CALIFORNIA Chapter No. 6. It. A. . M.. •
will meet THIK <SATUIU>AY) E\ EN- JB^
IN<J l>ec. I. at 7:=l. o'clock, R. A.
irrpe By order of the U. P. # -w *
FRA>-KLlNJI.___AY^ecr£tary 1 _
MISSION Lodge No. 1C9. F. and A. M-— •
o'nterfc ar.J ratmbfre are hereby J lot '-w/%^
"SS^ JOH*N ' JEFFREY A*
MOREIIOUSE. from tlie hall of this lodge,
SUNDAY at 1:3" p. m. By order of the
\V. M. CBO. D. FLACK. Secretary.
EXCELSIOR Vegrre I>«Ige No. 2, .-¦¦^-^tfo-
I O <> F. — IlfKuiar meeting SSSsKSr
THIS 'SATURDAY) EVEXDCO.
rim <w. a K KIKGSFonD D , M ,
TUt: funeral committee of Ger- .-$gaHS_>
mar.'.a Lods» No. 116. I. O. O. F.
la rt-QUested to meet SUNDAY,
Dec. 6. I p. m.. at Odd Fellows'
Hall to attend the funeral of our late brother,
E NIEMEIKK. E. RD7GER. Sec
MECHANICS" Institute-Meeting notice— The
quarterly meeting cf the members of the
!k>cr;&r.ie!= - Institute will I* held SATUR-
DAY EVENING. December 8. 1900. at 8
o'clock. In the library bunding. 31 Post St..
?an Fi-ar.cisco. The reports cf the oJflcers
will be read, nominations for trustees msy
be rr.a.ie and the amendments to the con- |
stitution x-rcT>oe<»d at the la«t annual meet- j
:r.x wiil be erns!<Jere<l. |
Gnoncr: beanston. Rec. Sec. ,
FORWARD Movement Workers, 621 OTarrall
yt.. SUNDAY EVENING. 7.30.
CHEAPEST ar.d best in America— The Weekly
C«J1, 1! pa*", sent to any address In the
Unltel Stares cr Canada or.e year for $1.
r»o*tafe raid.
AGEXTS WA.VTED.
jtr« TO isoo p fr month: men or women: salary
rr crmrr.lyficn. '27 Market et.. room 615.
ASPHALTIM ROOFIXO.
J. PELTIER, asphalt roofing, eldewalka re-
paired: postal. 1U6 Mission; tel. Folsom 1607.
ASTROLOGY.
DXL C. TOUSEY TAYLOR. ScientlflTAstroio^
per— Free copy "The New Moon." 763 Market.
ATTORNEYS AT I*AW.
R. W. KING. ?:: Market st.. 6th floor, room 627
—Estates, d&rr.atr-s, attachments, bankruptcy,
collections: all <as»?s; fair ffes; no advance
charges : loans on estates. Tel. Howard 1537.
ADVICE free; fiivcrce law a specialty; private;
no f<M» without success ; collections. G. W.
HOWE, any at law. k:>0 Market, cor. Stockton.
I. EDW. JAHRETT. Hearst bid*.. Third and
Market ets.; phone lied tX2.
ADVICE free; no charge unless successful. W.
W. DAVIDSON. 1<C7 Market St.. opp. Mason.
L. P. CLARK. Enima Spreckels bldg.. 927 Mar- j
ket St.: conFulLatif>n free; no fees in advance, j
CHEAPEST and best in America-The Weekly I
Call. 16 papes, e'-nt to any aJdress In the |
Urited Ptates, i-pytpaid. for $1 per year.
BATH CABINETS.
ROBINSON. Niagara, Perfection and otheriTw!
S. EnOWN CO.. agency. t2i Ellis el. S. F.
IIL'SIXESS CHAACES.
A— JSOO; SALOON; ett&b. years; flrst-claes pay-
lr.g business; about $4?u stock on hand; lo-
cated 1 block north of Hibernia Bank: Inves-
tigate at once; rare chance. K. G. WILKE.
i*ha Kearny Ft. .
A— $600; CORNER Baloon on Jackson «.; rent
$:*; k*>rt by present owner 7 years; good busi-
ness; clearing $125 per month. R, G. WILKE,
2»H Kearny et.
A— OYSTER depot; price $1500; place doing a
large business, m-*t!y wholesale, cash trade;
not Iws than $2J0 profit per month; fullest ln-
-. estimation solicited. Particulars R, G.
W1LKK. i6^a Kearcy mt.
A— J700; gALOON and lunch house; surrounded
by wholesale houses and machine chops; es-
tablished years; rent t20; splendid offer. Call
R. G. WILKE, Kt& Kearny st.
A— 1750; u.NEHALF Interest In eood paying:
restaurant on Keansy Bt. ; a ttrst-class prop-
osition for ihe right party. R. G. WILKE,
rS'j Kearny Et.
A— $1200; CORNER i?roc«;ry and bar; one block
south of McAllister et. ; rent $45; 4'j years
U-ase; owner has two more places of busi-
ness and must tfA one; stock wtll invoice j
the price. Ca'.l R. G. WILKE. H6'i Kearny.
A-$l?*; BAKERY, corner, Jn Western Add.;
*-Ftab. ir.sEy years; 4 horses, wagon, etc.; bak-
ing 4 bjirrels it day; 5 living rooms, bath;
rent JiO; 5 years' leaf; death of owner cause
of sale. R. G. WILKE. 26^ Kearny et.
A— SlSfl; halrdresslng. with 3 furnished rooms;
partner w'nted;fin<? home.Kr«do4cCo..S6 Geary.
A— tloOO; DAIRY and milk route. Jinoo monthly;
C.VX'; ret-on. KREDO & CO., 26 Geary st.
A— $1000; DRUG store, cor. postofflce; $G00. milk
depot. KREDO & CO.. 36 Geary «t.
A — J33v; bakery & restaurant; $10 dallv; no op-
portion; cl)>*ap at iSOO. Kredo & Co., 26 Geary.
A— J3X>; stationtry. confectionery ana notions;
business gt.; 2 rooms. Kredo & Co.. 36 Geary.
A— FRT'IT More: heart of dty; receipts $15 day.
COWING &: CO.. 71» Market fet.
A-RESTAURANT: heart city; money maker-
come quick. COWING & CO.. 71» Market su
A FIXE corner grocery and bar; beet location;
come at once. CCWING & CO.. 719 Market.
A PLUMBING shop; pood location; come at
ence. COWING & CO.. 719 Market st.
A— PARTNER wanted In good hotel. COWING
& CO.. 71S Market et.
$^5— COFFEE and lunch parlor* down town;
rood paying business; owner has other busi-
m-s?; must sell. Apply to H. C. DECKER.
3020 Market gt.
J3K-— PARTNER wanted; old-established busl-
r.es?; r>asaiu work: short hours; experience
not required; departure cause cf gale. LAN'B
A. CO.. E65 Market St.
$250— REHTAVIUST nr. earhouses; receipts 115 '¦
to $20 clay. McLAUGHLIN & CO.. 777 Market, j
IF you have anything to Bell or exchange see
E. J. LUNDIN. 235 Market st.
A— TO »hotn It may concern: I am ready for
business; give me a call; I eell lodging-
houses, saloons, cipar Etands, restaurants and
bakcri's; this Is where you win ret a sauare
deal. JOHN W. BRAES. 906 Market; rm7. 7^S
KOR sale— Laundry In good runnlnjr order; has
*ood trade; price J14XK); owner has other ln-
tertsts. Box fcCl, Call.
FOR E&le— Nice coffee and chop house, cheap,
immediately, by an old lady; elcknems the only
Tfapon. 1613',* Foitom gt.
BAKERY— Business corner, oven, fixtures to
let ; 24th & Guerrero. Owner. 128 Chattanooga.
FIRST-CLASS money-maklnK office business
for sale for 12S0 cash; $1400 worth of stock-
also cttf -fixturee; must eell at once; no
tnflers; t«ood for lady or gentleman. 916
Markr* st., room 40.
PARTNER wanted with a small capital to In-
vest In chicken ranch In Sonoma Countv;
eood opportunity for right party. For partl-
culars Eee C. W. ARP. gl> Sansome si.
RESTAURANT doing a good business for sale-
a good chance for man and wife with famlly :
furniture all new; give a trial for week or
more; be*t location. Box 4€7, Call office.
J800 CASH— Cor. grocery and bar; good busi-
ness, which could be largely Increased; large
*tock, fine fixtures, m-aeon, etc Immediately
box £23. Call office. •
>— WHOLESALE Ikjuor business; long estab-
lished; making money; no agents. Inoulre H.
L. REA. 403 Washington et.. 8. F.
A— 14000; BREWERY and bottling works; own-
er has other business; cannot attend to both-
will sell half or whole. See owner, 60S Battery.'
CHEMIST of wld« experience in manufactur-
ing will furnish Instructions for making
anything desired. Chemist, box MS, Call.
COAL yard; Western Addition; 3 horses; J new
wa~ons; *>£t'd 16 its.: must sell. Call 631
Flllmore St.. between 6 and 8 p. m. ; no agents.
A NO. 1 restaurant and coffee parlor for tal*
Call at 419 Kearr.y st.
SMALL restaurant: central location- tool for
man and wife; bargain. Box 644, Call office.
A STREET sandwich wagon with everything
complete; a bargain. Mint Ealoon, 21 Fifth.
NO. 1 city rets.ll business for sale; a bargain;
fullest Investigation. Box 459. Call.
JK.O— STATIONERT store; clear, stock and flx-
tnrrs; rood location. Address box 651. Call.
FINE chance for shoemaker; old stand to let
cheap. 23C1 Twenty-fourth St.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch oince, 2200 Flllmore st.
A BRANCH office for CaJl advertisements and
eubecripttons has been established at 1096
Valencia st. - ¦
LODGIXG-HOUSES FOR SALE.
MONEY loaned on lodging-houses, 1V4 p. c;
anything you want In lodglng-hpuses; s xnpls;
87 rooms; on Powell St.: rent $175; price. .$1900
24 rooms; on Leavenworth; rent $125; price 1900
16 rooms; on sunny side; rent $25; price.. 750
7 rooms; on Geary «t.; rent $40; price 450
Good paying restaurant, near Hall of Justice,
for sale or exchange for lodging-house; 17
rooms In center of Oakland, with front block,,
lawn, palms, flower*, roses, no work, full of
teachers. Income $S5, price $1300, half cash,
rent $32: a $450 piano for $200t
For quick sales list your houses with A. L.
WILLEY. 916 Market Bt.; phone Black 5215.
ALL the latest bargains come to us.
From C to 200 rooms, $125 to $25,000.
1000 houses to choose from; fair and honest
treatment: some first-class family hotels In
all locations.
We aKltt you half the purchase money;
cash or easy terms. HAYES & WILSON.
S3S Market st. (The Elite.,). %
A^sT-ROOM house; central $1<XIO
20-room house; first-class 1050
11-room house; $473; 6-room flat 226
20-room houpe; E<ldy; rent $75; only 900
FISHER & CO., 1032 Market St.
SNAP — 11 rooms, furnished; clears $25 per mo.;
only $125. FISHER & CO., 1032 Market et.
CHOICE lift of lodging-houses.
$1400; 22 rooms; furnished fine.
Tjr.0; 9 rooms: elegantly furnshd.; well located.
$000; 2S rooms; rent $42.
$s."n; 17 rooms; rent $00.
Many such at the oflice. No. 3 Eddy St.,
Rooms 1 and 2.
CALL eoriy; lf>-room house; O'Farrell. near
Market: elegant carpets; finest oak and cherry
furniture; modern hor.^e; price $1400. JOHN
ELDER CO., 636 Market, opp. Palace Hotel.
M. GRIFFIN. 719 Market st.. room 1; free list;
over 500: a'.l slses and prices; please calL
DESIRABLE corner: 10 rooms; always full;
rent KS. Income $74: owing to sickness will
sell at a barcaln. Box 649. Call office.
FOK sale— Lodring-house of Z% rooms; well fur-
nished. 049 Howard St.. near Second.
$i>00— BARGAIN; lodging-house of 26 rooms;
clears SFQ month; easy work. Inqutra Call.
A WEEK'S news for 6 cents— The Weekly Call,
!6 pages, in wrapper, for mailing. $1 per year.
CARRIAGES AXD WAGOXS.
COLUMBUSBUGGY CO., clearance sale; low-
wheel, rubber-tire road wagon, $80; other
styles at proportionately low prices; sultablo
Xmas presents. Markt. nr. Sth., opp. St. Nlch.
ALL kinds of wagons, bungles, carts, harness,
etc.. cheap. EGAN & SON, 2117 Mission st.
BARGAIN — l-epring wagon, pole and shafts,
Frazer cart. 3156 Mission, near 27th.
AN A No. 1 express wagon, single, also light
camping wagon, for sale cheap. 632 Mission.
NEW & 2d-hand wagons, buggies, carts & har-
ness, work St driving horses, loth & Valencia.
SPIRITUALISM.
MRS. DR. FARNHAM. world-renowned spirit^
ual medium: advice In all affairs of life, law-
suits, divorces, deaths; unites th« separated:
mining a specialty; cirs. Sun.. Wed., Fri. ev's;
come ar.d be convinced. Permanently located
MS Eddy St., bet. Hyde and Larkln; no sign.
MRS. J. J. WHITNEY, test, business me-
dium and life reader; also medical clairvoy-
ant; treats all diseases at office or by letter;
Eittlr.g?, $1. 1164 O'Farrell St.; take Ellis CAr.
MRS. GILSON, 614 Jessie, nr. 7th— Circles Tues..
Thurs., Sun., S p. rn. ; sit. daily, $1; upstairs. ¦
C. MAYO STEERS, trance medium. 112H Oak
St.; readings, $1; hours, 9 a. m. to 4 p. m.
EDW. EARLE. elate writer, removed 300 Ellls,-
cor. Taylor: Sunday night, Pythian Castle.
MME. MAJOR*, gifted spiritual medium,
healer and card reader. 143 Eddy st.
MRS. HARP.ISON-Medlum. test, readings; see
her dr. Tues., Thurs.. Sun. 85S Mission St.
FRIENDSHIP Hall, 335 McAllister— Mrs. C. J.
M*yer. sittings; convincing tests to-night; 10c.
CLAIR VOVAXTS.
CONSULT SANDERS for health and fortune.
Consult SANDERS for spiritual development.
Consult SANDERS for wedded bliss.
Consult SANDERS for Biblical interpretation.
Consult SANDERS for lucky days & numbers.
Consult SANDERS for lost property.
Consult SANDERS on all love affairs.
Consult SANDERS and learn what to do.
Consult SANDERS for Immediate good luck.
Consult SANDERS regarding oil and mining.
Circles Thursdays. 2 p. m. and
Fridays at 8 p. m., 25c.
Consult SANDERS dally at 614 Taylor st.
MR8. DR. F. CLARK, the well-known trance
medium. Is permanently located at 1206 Mar-
ket St., corner of Golden Gate ave.. rooms 25
and 26; take elevator. Perfect satisfaction
guaranteed by mail. Send stamp for pamph-
let with special terms.
MME. PORTER, wonderful clairvoyant & card
reader, born with double \-elI — second sight;
diagnoses disease with life reading; ladles 50c,
gents $1; palm, and clair. Sit.* $1 Ml 126 Turk.
MME. BERNARD reads life fluently; advice
given In all affairs of life; satisfaction guar-
anteed: 2uc up. 17 Third St.. next Examiner.
It-MAR, the Egyptien gypsy clairvoyant and
palmist, permanently located HIS Market, opp.
6th; private readings dally, 10 a. m. to 5 p. m.
MRS. CAMERON, clairvoyant, card reader, me~
dium; S5c up. £23 Mission El. nr. 4th: ring belL
MME. HANSON, palmistry, card reader; past.
present, .future; 25c. 14S Sixth St., room 14.
MMB. RENNER. clairvoyant, palmist, planet
r«ad«r. 25c: ladles only: German spkn. 725 Ellis.
MME. HELMUTH, card reader, astrolo-rlst—
Ladies, Sac; German spoken. 9SS Mission st
MME. AUGUST, clairvoyant, card reader and
palmistry; truth or no pay; 25c. 1149 Mission.
CLAIRVOYANT, mineral peychometrlst. palm-
ist and card reading, 23c. 1241^4 Market st.
MRS. MELVILLE, well-known clairvoyant, wa-
ter reader, moved to 11 Sixth; German spoken.
GYPSY; genuine clairvoyant; located 10 days 114
Turk et; ladles. 25c; gents, lOc "Frawiey."
MME. ZEREDA. the gypsy. Is the great palm-
ist and card reader; 25c 7 Seventh st.
MME. RUTH, wonderful 'card clairvoyant, has
returned; fee 25c and St)c. 708 Ellis Et.
y.ME. SCH AFTER, clairvoyant, card reader:
sittings daily. 44S*j Jessie st.
MRS. E. M. DtTAL. clairvoyant and business
medium. 216 Kearny st., rooms 8-10.
MME. RAVENNA reads life fluently: business
advice; names given; 2»c up. 5 Fourth st.
CARPET BEATIXG AXD CLEAXIXG.
WHEN you become disgusted with poor work
send to SPAULDINO'S Pioneer Carpet-Beat-
ing Works. 353-357 Tehama st. ; tel. South 4<X
STANDARD. S13 Guerrero— Curtains and blan-
kets renovated. 25c per pair; carpets cleaned,
tc yd; laying a specialty. Phone Mission 109.
CARPETS cleaned at Sc per yard laid at 5c
STRATTON'S, S Eighth St.; tel. Jeasy* 944.
J. E. MITCHE'LL, Carpet-Beating and Reno-
vating Co., 240 Fourteenth st. ; tel. Mission 74.
CITY Eteam Carpet-Beating Works. <"£ IL
STEVEN'S, Mgr., 33-40 Sth St.; tel. South 250.
ADVANCE Carpet-Cleaning Co., 402 Sutter St.;
tel. Main 394. GEO. WALCOM, Proprietor.
CONKLIN'S Carpet-Beating Works. 333 Golden
Gate ave.; telephone East 126. ¦
CHIROPODISTS.
BUNIONS, Ingrown nails, corns, absolute cure,
painless: consul'n fr*e. Dr. Duncan. 415 Sutter.
COLLECTIpy OFFICES.
GEORGE W. KELLY'8 A gency-No charge uin-
¦ lees successful. Room K10. 827 Market st.
COTTAGES TO LET.
COTTAGE, 4 rooms. 2655 Nineteenth bU be-
tween Guerrero and Dolores; rent $S.
DEXTISTS.
A.T th« ELECTRC^DENTAL^LfNIci m~Ua?.
ket et. cor. 4th, rm. 7, Flood bldg., you can
have your extractions done painlessly; teeth
without plates our specialty; gold crowns,
$3 50 up; plates, extractions free, $4 50 up; of-
fice hours, S n . rn. to 10 p. m. ; Sundays, 9 to 2
p. m. G. W. WILLIAMSON, M. D., Manager.
A— DISCOUNT of 20 per cent for SO days on all
plates, crowns and brtdgework. Bee our new
unbreakable plate, the Hose Pearl, warranted
for 20 years; crowns, $3 50; fllllnGS. 60c; plates,
$S, full set; all work painless and warranted.
I Chicago Dental Parlors. U Sixth st.
i EIGHT prizes for best crowns, plates, bridges
| and fillings; extractions or fllllngB by my won-
| derful secret, painless method; 20 years' ex-
1 perience; no students: advice free; prices
i cheapest and guaranteed; lady attendants.
I DR. GEORGE W. LEEK. 20 O'Firr«ll st.
j DR. LUDLUM HILL, 1443 Market, nr. Eleventh
—No charge for extracting when plates are
mad:; old plates made over like new; teeth
from $S per set; extracting. 50c; gas given.
"MAIN Office" New York Dental Parlors, 1019
Market Bt., b«t. Sixth and Seventh; consult
us on crowns and bridges: teeth extracted
positively and absolutely wlthowt pain.
MODERN DENTAL PARLORS, 1206 Market
st. ; expert extracting, crown and bridge work.
j ¦ ' ' ' A. L. SIMPSON. P.- P.' 8.
i PARIS Dental Parlor, 235 Kearny. cor. Bush—
: Full wt of teeth, $4; crowns. $3;. fillings. 25c,
I VAX VROOM— "Painlcsa" ; evenings and Sun-
! day. 1001 Market St., corner Sixth.
! SET of teeth without plate. DR. H. Q.
i YOUNG, 1S41 Polk St.,
DEPIL ATO RY.
O. C C— A Harmless liquid : for permanently
removing superfluous hair; will not irritate,
burn nor poison the most delicate gkin;agenta
wanted. Ontario Chem. Co., ag*cy. 426 Ellis.
DRESSMAKERS A-XD SEAMSTRESSES
MCDOWELL DressmaklngandMlllinery School;
patterns cut; evening class. 1013 Market st.
ACCORDION pleating factory; all kinds pleat-
Ing, pinking. 121 Post, over O'Connor & Moftatt.
DRESSMAKING: reasonable prices; dresses
made over: perfect nt. 3S7 Geary st.
EDUCATIONAL.
MONSIEUR and Madame de Loery, from Paris,
have opened a studio at 742 O'Farrell st. for
voice placing, correct breathing, tone produc-
tion, artistic singing, Italian method, soloists
I and duetists for concerts and church, bra-
i tor lo. opera; also parlor entertainers.
GALLAGHER-MARilfcoTlege. Parrott Bldg.—
Shorthand, typing and bookkeeping; Robert F.
Gallagher, expert court reporter, teacher of
shorthand ; reportorial phrasing taught; prac-
tical bookkeeping: full. course. $50; catalogue.
H KALD'S BUSINESS COLLEGE. 24 Post St.,
S. F.— Bookkeeping, shorthand, typing, lan-
guages, telegraphy. English branches, civil,
electrical and mining engineering, etc.; day
and night sessions: newSO-page catalogue free.
A— YHK LYCEUM, an accredited p-pparatory
school for the university, law ai.d medical
colleges : references. President Jordan or any
Stanford professor. Phelan building.
A^ RES' Bu7lne^C^ger723~Ma7ket St.: day
and evening; individual instruction, $S per
month; life scholarship. $50; bookkeeping,
shorthand, telegraphy, etc.; catalogue free.
MADEMOISELLE HELEN CLARKE, pupil
of Cenevieve Stebblns and Herr Bandman.
coaches pupils for the stage, teaches Delsarte
and society training. 4CS Golden Gate ave.
ATTENTION!— Tarr's pupils thorough book-
keeping figures; short time; college graduates
perfected; expert accounting. 220 Parrott bid.
MISS M. G. BARRETT, Shorthand Academy;
lessons by mall; acknowledged by official re-
porters best teacher, best system. 302 Montgy.
ALL students but two taking full cours-* this
year got positions. SAN FRANCISCO BUSI-
NESS COLLEGE. 1236 Market st. •
ENGINEERING, civil, elec, mining, mech., sur-
vey, assay, cyanide, arch. : day, eve. : est. 1804.
VAN PER NAILLEN SCHOOL, 933 Market.
LEARX German In three months; JS per month.
Y. M. C. A. building. 5m noor.
MUNSON, School Shorthand. Typing, Bookkeep-
ing, Spanish. 137 Mont'y. E. M. Carpenter, pr.
MR. and MRS. D. MANSFIELD, music studio,
violin, g-ultar. mandolin, banjo. 1836 Eddy st.
ILLUSTRATION— PARTINGTON'S DAY and
ILLUSTRATION-Nlght class. 424 Pine st
ARITHMETIC, bookkeeping, grammar, writing,
etc., day or eve.; $5 mo. 1024 Mission, nr. 6th.
CHEAPEST and best in America— The Weekly
Call, 16 pages, sent to any address in ' the
i United States or Canada one year for $L
j pontaire paid. .
'. EMPLOYSIEXT OFFICES. •
I A— JAPANESE and Chinese employment con-
j tractor; eetab. over 10 years; all kinds help.
421 Post St.. near Powell: telephone Bush 135.
JAPANESE responsible housecleanlng co. ; est.
1S70; practical recommend; try them; removed
to 419 Devlsadero; tel. Fell 136. F. HAMAD.
j JAPANESE and Chinese employment office;
best help. E26 O' Fan-ell St.; tel. Hyde 1191.
I A B C EMPLOYMENT Office: Chinese, Japaru
j ese help fur. 644 California; phone James 2601.
i RELIABLE Japanese-Chinese employment of-
i flee; all kinds help. 315 Stockton; Main C1SS.
UNION Japanese-Chlneee emp. office— Begt help
furn.; domestic serv. 417 Powell; tel. Bush 376.
! ORPHEUM Employment Office— Japanese. Chl-
i nese help. ¦ 416 Powell, nr. Butter; tel. Black 6072.
i CHINESE and Japanese Employment Office—
Best help. 4UH O'Farrell ft.; tel. East 426.
I EMPLOYMENT WANTED FEMALE.
j GERMAN girl, with pood reference, under-
j stands German cooking thoroughly, wants
situation In good family. Call or address 350
j Fifth st.
COOK, first-class, wishes situation; has no ob-
jection to go outside of Oakland; can be seen
by calling at 517 Ninth 8t., near Washington,
i Oakland.
i SWEDISH woman, experienced In nursing,
l wants to nuree during day; good reference.
j 636H Minna St.
J GERMAN woman wants situation at general
j housework. Apply 1731 Mission st.
! FIRST-CLASS dressmaking done at 7S5 O'Far-
j rell St.; perfect fit guaranteed; 10 years' ex-
i perience as head cutter at the Louvre, Paris;
I phone South €63.
I YOUNG girl wishes second work or care of a
j child. Call 3oA Dorland St., oft Guerrero,
I between Seventeenth and Eighteenth.
i NICE woman, good cook, desires position
j where there will be no women to Interfere;
I good references. E30 Goush st.
I WINCHESTER House. 44 Third St., near Mar-
ket— 200 rooms; 25o to $1 50 night, $1 50 to J«
week; convenient and respectable; free 'bus
and baggage to and from ferry.
f A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
j f>ub!»crlptlons has been established at 1096
| Valencia st.
| CLASSIFIED advertisements and eubscriptions
J received at Call branch office. 2200 Flllmore st.
I EMPLOYMENT WANTED MALES.
i SITUATION wanted-A good cake baker, fore-
! man (at present employed), will change If a
) better Job Is offered; willing to go short dls-
! tance In country. Address box 663. Call.
i A YOUNG man raised on farm, understands
farming In every way, wants situation as
foreman; reference. Address J. CORDRAY,
Winchester House.
A YOUNG man. 20, speaks French, English and
i Gei-man. wishes situation of any kind; un-
de-rstandg bakery business. 316 Davis Bt.
WANTED— Temporary position as bookkeeper
or exporting books; city references. L. A.,
I box 64L Call.
YOUNG Swede, married, wants position of any
kind; understands bartending. HAL-LSTROM.
28 Eighth st. - '
I A YOUNG man. 21. speaks English and Ger-
i men, wishes situation of any kind. 316 Davis.
I POSITION wanted as night or day watchman;
good city reference. Box 657. Call.
FIRST-CLASS cutter from the East wishes po-
sition: best' reference. Box 662, Call.
STEADY young man would like work as Janl-
tor. porter or anything. Box 669, Call office.
EXPERT machinery salesman wishes position;
well acquainted on Pacific Coast; thoroughly
familiar with steam and gasoline engines;
comprested air for pumping- and Ice and re-
frigerating machinery; best of references.
Box 631. Call office. .
MILKERS, separators and first-class cheese
and butter makers want work; city or coun-
try. Milkers' Union of California, 626 Mont-
gomery st. •
BARTENDER would like position: city or
country: good references. Address G. M., 1104
Larkln st.
A YOUNG colored man wishes position as
hostler or stableman. Address 235 8tevenson.
ELECTRICIAN of 12 years' experience wants
position; Al references. Box 661, Call office.
STABLEMAN, reliable, wants position; long
experience. Box 654. Call office.
BARBER wants place In country; first-class
workman. Address O. S., 345 Pierce st.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Flllmore st.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been , «tabl lshed at 1096
Valencia st. ¦ ¦ .
FLATS TO LET. I
mjCHANAN7~Sl»- "Sunny" corner bay-window
flat, 6 rooms and bath; cheap.
IF you want to move get printed list flats to let
from BALDWIN A HOWELU 10 Montgomery.
TO let — At til each, 4 fine flats on Folaom st.,
opposite Columbia Square, . between glxth and
Seventh sts.. by JOHN PFORR, 403 Pine Bt.
THUBE sunny rooms to let at 343 Tehama
street. ¦»---¦•..
WASHINGTON ave., 18, off Mission, near
Ninth— Nice sunny flat, 5 rooms and bath.
$14— SUNNY flat, 6 large rooms; bath, gas.
O2S Nineteenth St., between Noe and Sanchez.
$17 50— FLAT of 6 rooms and bath. 571 Hayes
»t., near Laguna: no email children.' .
$7— 4-ROOM flats on Victor st.. off Bryant, bet..
7th »nrt Kth." Inoulr* wt grocery. 941 Brvant.
FURXITURE FOR SALE. - ~~~
ELEGANTLY furnished flat of 6 rooms and
bath for sale; call after 10 a. m. "729 Hyde
street. . _
«' ROOMS furnished In oak $48 60, with No. 7
range. King Furniture Co.. 1127-1131 Market.
FlinXITlIRB WANTED.
CHA8. LEVY Uuys your furniture, carpets,
pianos, etc. 1135 Markft st. ; tel. Jessie 781.
TO receive highest value for furn., carpets, etc.,
see W. E. CODY. 757 Mission, tel. Red 3353.
A. WOLLPERT. 773 Mlsrton St.. pays highest
. price for second-hand furniture; tel. Red 1354.
Auctioneer— L. Vincent. IMS Larkln; tel. Polkttl.
furniture ft turn' d houses bought; spot cash.
t: HELP WASTED — -FEMALE.
C. R. HANSEN • & CO. . . .PHONE • GRANT 1S5
........... HOTEL DEPARTMENT
Fancy lron«r. Southern California. $35 -and
found; 2 plain Ironers, hotel near city. $20; 7
waitresses, different country hotels, $20; 4
waitresses; city,' $20: waitress, city, $23, room
out; 2 chambermaids. Southern California/
$20; S chambermaids to wait, $20; plain laun-
dress. Institution $25; cashier. J5 week.
•• FAMILY DEPARTMENT
Houseglrl, American family, Oakland, $25;
housegirl (all grown). Antloch, $20; 2 house-
girls to go to the country, $30 each, see party
here; houoegirl, Alameda; houseglrl. Belve-
dere, gee party here between 12 and 1; others.
C. It. HANSEN & CO.. 104 Geary st.
TWO smart competent experienced waitresses
for first-class hotel. $23. C. It. HANSEN &
CO.. 104 Geary st.
NEAT young saleslady for candy store, $7
woek to beeln, no experience necessary. C.
R. HANSEN & CO.. 104 Geary St.
WANTED— French girl, upstairs work, good
wages; number of general house girls. $25
and $30. CATTELL'S. 625 Eighth st. Oakland.
WANTED — A lady to travel for new enterprise;
one of education; excellent compensation for
suitable party. Address box 659, Call office.
WOMAN with or without child to cook on
ranch. Call Monday afternoon. 22 Washlng-
tqn ave.. bet. Mission and Howard. -
! WANTED— Experienced ladx cashiers and
wrappers; state Experience, reference, salary.
Apply box an. Call office.
WANTED— Experienced saleslady In doll and
toy department; state experience, -reference,
salary. Apply box 6C3, Call office.
OPERATORS on waists and wrappers. NEW-
I1AUER BHOS.. JS First st.
GIRL to assist with light housework, 16 De-
visadero st. '\ '.'¦,>' X' .
I STRONG young girl . to mind child and assist,
i Box 658. Call otflce.
i G1UL to assist in the care of children; refer-
I . encef; wages $15. 1634 Fell St.
' TWO younar ladies to distribute In a local
laundry. Box C67. Call office.
WANTED — Girl for general housework; small
family; sleep home. 4ES Fell st.
GIRL for general housework; $15 per month.
1716 Fell st. '
WANTED— Piano player at once; good salary
to right party. Box 671. Call office.
OPERATORS on shirts; beot pay. BRENNER.
ULMAN CO., 19 Battery st.
GIRL for cooking and light housework; small
family; $15. 2300 Leavenworth St., cor Lom-
bard.
{ WANTED— Woman of middle age, with refer-
ence, as working housekeeper. Address box
648. Call office. "
FINISHERS on vests: steady work: good pay.
BELASCO & HARRIS CO.. 541 Market st.
GIRL for general housework; no dishwashing;
no cooking; wages $20. K.62 Post st.
WANTED — German nursery feoverness and sew-
ing. Address box 653, Call office.
GOOD workers on cotton waists; best wages
in town. 21 Sansome st.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
I received at CaJl branch office. 2200 Flllmore st.
! A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
j subscriptions has been established at 10%
| Valencia st.
j HELP WAXTKD-MALE.
AT <T~R?"HANSE^~(^c6. 1 s7!7!T^loT S G^ary^t!
.'.::.....•...:.- RAILROAD WORK
Tunnelmen, drillers and- laborers
Free fare. Ship dally. Free fare.
j- ............10 coal miners for Oregon
! .•....'...... 90c a ton
! Free fare
I See party here this forenoon
Coachman with good references, private
place: 50 woodchoppers, SOc to $1 JO a cord....
: HOTEL. DEPARTMENT
Polisher, hotel laundry, country. $35; polisher,
country laundry, J25; washer, hand laundry,
country hotel, $25; all around laundrymon.
country, $40; German waiter, country hotel,
$30; colored waiter, country hotel, $35.
C. R. HANSEN & CO 104 Geary st.
MR. J. H. VAN HORN, please call.
C. R. HANSEN & CO .-104 Geary st.
j A— WANTED: correspondent for wholesale
house; must be familiar with canned fruit
trade and California products generally; good
At a <~?*R. HANSEN' & CO.'S 104 Geary st.
A— MURRAY & READY.... PHONE MAIN 5fcS
Leading Employment and Labor Agents,
WANT 7 A. M. TO-DAY.
Farmer and wife, south *40 and found
Ranch hands and team»ter«....?26 and found
Concrete finisher, carriage painter, etc.
WOODCHOPPERS TIEMAKERS
150 woodchopper8, all parts of California, fl
to %Z per cord, some places tools, provisions
and cabins furnished; tiemakers, 9c to 12c.
tools furnished. MURRAY & READY, 634-
63« Clay st.
A— HEAD waiter for a club, .$40 and found;
baker, country shop, $14 week; steward
country hotel; chef cook for club; 15 cooks,
city and country; delicatessen man, laundry
man, etc. MURRAY & READY, 634-636 Clay.
A— 10 GOOD carpenters, 6 cabinetmakers, 4
bench hands. 1 matcher, 2 sticker hands.
Mechanics' Registration Bureau. 410 Kearny
St.. room 9; non-union mechanics please reg-
ister; no office fees.
BARBERS' Pr©HTef>slv« Union— Free employ-
ment. H. Bernard, fiec. 104 7th; tel. Jessie 152.
I WANTED — Men wrappers and cashiers; state
experience, reference, salary expected. Apply
box 666. Call office.
WANTED— A man for the road; one who has
had experience preferred: must be gentleman
of education. 'Address box 660. Call office.
YOUNG man for butcher shop; no experience
required; T5 week and found. Call S.E. cor-
ner California and Leavenworth BtP.
BARBER for -Saturday; $3 and board. 1538
Kentucky st.
A BARBER for Saturday. 153 Fourth rt.
BARBER for Saturday at 1211 ,, Market St.;
wages. ¦ . _____"
BARBER wanted from Saturday noon and
Sunday morning. 1192 Harrison, near Eighth.
BARBER for Saturday night and Sunday. 1357
Dupont 'St.. near Green.
GOOD barber for Saturday; $3. 62S Clay St.,
call 7:30 o'clock. •
BRIGHT boy residing with his parents. IIET-
XEMANN' & CO.. 410 Mission St.
ONE good marker In a local laundry. Box 668,
Call oflice. <_
BOOTBLACK wanted. 152 Third St.
SOLICITOR wanted. $1 a day and commission.
Golden Gate Dye Works, 1421 Point Lobos ave.
GOOD young dishwasher, at 1201 Flllmore st.,
corner Turk.
COATMAKER for country. Apply REISS
BROS., 24 Sutter st.
YOUNG\tnan to drive milk wagon: call bet. 9
and 12. JAS. KENNY, Silver ave., near Mis-
sion road. -
WANTED— Recruits for the Marine Corps. 'U.
S. Navy, able. bodied unmarried men of good
character, between the ages of 21 and 35; hot
less than 5 feet 4 Inches and not over 6. feet
1 Inch In height: able to read, write and
speak English. For further Information ap-
ply at the . Marine Recruiting Oflice, 40 Ellis
street. San FranclBco. Cal. - . ¦ ;
.WANTED— A place to stop for the winter— This
\ can be found at the Adams House, 619 Sacra -
\ mento St., near Montgomery; one of : the few
respectable houses where countrymen coming
to the city can find nice, clean cheap, well-
ventllated rooms. A. McCREBRY. Prop.
WANTED — Laborers and mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkln, Reno House proprietor, still
runs Denver House, 217 Third st. ; 150 large
rooms; 2Sc per night: $1 to $2 per week.
MEN wanted to learn barber trade; only eight
weeks, required; position guaranteed; special
Inducements; catalogue and map of city free.
MOLER'S BARBER COLLEGE. 625 Clay st.
PENSIONS— J. H. Shepard & Co., old. reliable
firm. 806 Market, room 40, Ph'elan building;
pension vouchers executed, 25c; advice free.
WANTED— Errand boy. Apply 532 Commercial
street. ¦ ¦ • '
GET your shoes half-soled while waiting; 25c
. to 50c. 562 Mission St., bet. 1st and 3d sta.
ALL sizes men's shoes, slightly damaged, half
price. 662 Mission St.. bet. 1st and 2d sts.
SAILORS, ordinary seamen and green hands;
all parts of world. HERMAN'S. 26 Steuartw
WANTED— Good man or woman to "sell oil
.stock. E.J. LUNDIN. 935 Market st. -
WANTED— 100 men to take rooms. 10c. 16c and
20c. -. Boston House. 930 Howard st. '¦ ¦' .
YOUNG man to do janitor work for his tuition
at S. F. Barber School. 741A : ; Howard st. :
GENTLEMEN'S suits to order, $1 per week, at
. cash prices. N. Y. Tailoring Co., 115 Kearny.
WINCHESTER House, 44 Third St., near Mar-"
ket: 700 rooms. 25c night: reading-rooms; free
'bus and baggage to and from ferry. .
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
¦ subscriptions has been * established 1 at 1096
Valencia st. ' ..¦-••
HEMOKKHOIDS.
ANY case^oTpilesTplles, Pllee, Plies; oveTioo
permanent cures among business men of San
Francisco alone; men who can be interviewed;
no surgery, • salves or ointments: no lnterf er-
: ence with business during treatments For fur-
ther particulars add.' Physician, box 1930, Call.
HORSES. LIVE STOCK, Etc— For Sale
40 HORSES for sale; : also wagons, buggies,
carts, harness. Grand Arcade Horse Market.
327 Sixth st. ; auction sales every Wednesday.
SLLL1VAN & DOYLE, Auctioneers.
HOUSE clipping by experienced men; best work;
cheap prices. DALZIEL. 605 Golden Gate ave.
v -'; HOUSES . TO LET.
A-PRINTED LIST Houses to let; send for cir-
cular. Q. H. UMBSEN & CO., 14 Montgomery.
HYPNOTISM.
PROF. RAYMOND— Strictly 'reliabie: teaches
hypnotism In five lessons for $5. 997 Market st.
INVALID CIIAIKS A>1» TKICiCLES.
SOLD and rented; manfr. of the Earnes tricycle
chair. EAMES Tricycle Co.. 2 100 Market st.
. l - y ,^ L _ OST A '* D FOUND.
Lemon and white pointer, collar marked
Kein of Kenwood"; property JOHN E.
COLEMAN. Return TM Flllmore st. and
receive reward.
STRAYED— From Blanken's, San. Bruno road,
cnestnut mare. 5 years old. clipped recently,
iteturn to owner, DR. CLINTON, Twenty-
nrst and J^ow.ard sts. ; liberal reward.
LOST— St. Bernard bitch; brown body; white
collar; five years old. S2I Bush St.; reward.
LOST— About 8 or 9 a. m. Wednesday, on Ala-
meda narrow gauge train or boat, or en
California st., between the ferry and San-
some St.. a ecarfpln (turquoise surrounded by
diamonds); suitable reward. CATTON. BELL
& CO.. 4QB California st.
LOST— Past president's badge N. S. G. W.,
between Petaluma and East Oakland. Return
to 8j9 Main St., Petaluma, or 5S2 East Twelfth
' qt.. Oakland ;. reward.
LOST— A passbook with the Hibernia Savlnss
and Loon Society of San Francisco, in the
name of SAMUEL REDMOND. No. 22S-1247.
The finder will ulease return to bank.
LOST— Stlk umbrella with gun metal handle
gold ring and Initials E. H. on handle. $10
reward if returned to E. HAQUETTE. 16
Post fet.. Palace of Art.
LOST— Sunday. In park, old gold locket, pearl
setting; 2 photographs Inside; reward to finder.
Address T. P. B., box 652. Call office.
LOST— Cow. blue and white; had rope on
horns; liberal reward If returned to FRANK
KNOWLES. Union Park.
LOST— Red cow, small. Ocean View, Saturday;
reward. Return to 50SG Mission road.
3IEDICAL.
MRS. D^r^SVY^TH.~r^Iiabie~speciaiTst; 25 yrs/
successful practice; guaranteed treatment at
office, $5; any aliment; home for patienu;con-
sult free. 942 Poet St.. bet. Hyde and Larkln.
MRS. DR. KOHL. !*7 .Market St., , corner
Sixth — Safe and reliable ladies' physician;
treatment, 55; positive cure guaranteed: when
others fall consult, free. MRS. DR. KOHL.
DR. AND MRS. DAVIES. 122S Market— Ladies'
-specialists; 32 years' practice; positive cure
guaranteed; ladles treated can return same
day: HINDOO HERB home cure; stamps cir.
DUS. GOODWIN, 1007'i Market, expert on dis-
eases of women: 15 years' practlc* In S. F.. a
euro guaranteed; $5 at offlre; have cured thou-
sands of cases; unexcelled success; see free.
MRS. DR. ALLEN, 1C35 Market-Ladies 1 spe-
clallst: safe and sure cure, $5; best care; low
fees; when all others fall consult free.
DR. POPPER, specialist for 37 years for female
troubles. 223 Kearny Bt.
DR. WISE, the ladles' Fjwciallst. 1118 Market
street.
MRS. DR. GWVER, ladles' specialist; home
for patients. 504 Eddy st. •
DR. NG TOY KEE cures disease by herbs;
advice free. 704 Sacramento st.. near Kearny.
MISCELLANEOUS — FOR SAL«j.
BOILERS, Engines, 2d-hand machinery. Me-
INTOSH & WOLPMAN. 1&5-197 Fremont st.
BARS, back bars, mirrors, showcases, counters,
linoleum, new and second-hand; v.-e always
have a large stock of saloon outfits on hand;
32 '/omplrte outfits on one floor, ready made:
we can ship everything In 24 hours. J.
NOONAN. 1017. 1019, 1021. 1023 Mission St..
above Sixth; write for catalogue.
BUY a brand new typewriter for $5 down and
$5 per m'onth; write for catalogue and price.
TYPEWRITER EXCHANGE. 409 California
St.; rentals, pew machines, $3 per month.
A— BUYS, sells or rents gear machinery, en
Eines, boilers, water pipes, shafting, pulleys,
etc. WH1TELAW, 21S Spear st.
CHEAP — A lot of Inch mesh wire, suitable for
chickens cr rabbits; elso 35 Belgian hares;
imported stock. 355 Polk st.
A— 100-HORSEPOWER engine, boiler, two-drill
air compressors, JARDINE'S, 220 Fremont at.
BLUE Kum piles for sale. Apply PAUL KEY-
SER. 206 Clay St.
FOR sale— JSOO; 2 waffle wagons, 1 horse and
harness: worth $700. Call 2106 Mason: rear.
FOR sale— Small Hal] safe; SZO. 117 Ellis st..
cigar store.
10 DOZEN pullets and hens. 668 Pennsylvania,
ave., near Twenty-second St.: Thtrd-st. cars.
40 II. P. COMPOUND steam engine, complete,
cheap. H. S. WHITE. 611-516-518 Mission st.
DRY pine lumber and blocks for wood. Foot of
Baker sL, Harbor View. _ *
PORTABLE engines, boilers; Iron and wood
planers, lathes; 2d-hand. J. Burke, 139 Beale.
FIRST-CLASS second-hand modern engines and
boilers bought and sold. KROGH Mfg. Co.
PHOTOGRAPHIC and magic lantern goods
bought, sold, exchanged. 109 Montgomery st.
10-TON Fairbanks scale and fire and burglar
proof safe. 216 California st.
WILL rent full-dress Tuxedo or Prince Albert
suits for $2 50. Portland Loan Office. 25 Stktn.
SAFES— New and second-hand. THE HER-
MANN SAFE CO., 417-423 Sacramento st.
MAGIC lanterns, new and 2d-hand; • moving
pictures. BULLARD & BRECK. 131 Post st.
SAFES— New and second-hand; all sizes. THE
WALTZ SAFE. 109-111 Market st., San Fran.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents — The Weekly Call,
16 pages. In wrapper, for mailing. SI per year.
MISCELLANEOUS WANTS.
WANTED— Three French plate mirrors 36x40 or
larger, for cash. Box 656, Call office.
WANTED — Small safe In good order. Address
D. B., box 646. Call office.
LADIES' and gents' cast-off clothing bought &
sold. Sllverman. 9S4 Folsom; tel. Folsom 1191.
KLEIN still pays best price for clothing, brlc-
a-brac and books. 109 Sixth St.; tel. Jessie 141.
WANTED— Upright piano for cash. II. L.
WHITEHKAI). 1710 Market st.
MONEY TO LOAX.
ANY amount on furniture, pianos, without re-
moval, or any other good security; payable
back In Installments or as a whole; if you
owe a balance on the purchase price we will
pay it and carry the loan as long as you de-
sire; avoid red tape and publicity; nee us
first: you will be waited upon quietly and
quickly. Call 68-69 Donohoe bldg.. 1170 Market.
AA — BEST rates and easiest terms.
Second Mortgages
Interest in Estates. ..;
.......Undivided Interestln Real Estate
Financial | problems of all sorts and slzea
solved by. HERMAN- MURPHV. 630 Market.
A— MONEY to loan at rates which people can
afford to pay on furniture, pianos, etc.; do
not borrow of your frie.nds or you will lose
their friendship; do business with strangers
and' you will be better satisfied: no delay; no
publicity. Rooms 9 and 10, 906 Market st.
ANY amount at 6 per cent; 1st. 2d and 3d mort-
gages, undivided Interest.'' real estate In pro-
bate; mortgages and legacies bought: no de-
lay; get my terms before doing business else-
where. R. McCOLGAN, 24 Montgomery, r. 3.
ANY proposition, any amount; 6 per cent: first,
second mortgages, estates in probate. Interest
In estates, legacies, corporation loans, chattel
mortgages, life insurance. Room 16. first floor.
Chronicle building. HALLORAN& OLSEN.
HIGHLY respectable, private place to obtain
liberal advances on diamonds. Jewelry at low-
est rates. Baldwin Jewelry Store. S46 Market
.St.; tel. Main 1644. Branch 19 Third st.
A— $500,000 on city and country real estate and
estates; chattel mortgages; notes andcollat-
erals. J. BROWNSTONE. 11 Montgomery st.
MOST reliable place to borrow on diamonds
•- watches. Jewelry. ' W. J. HESTHAL, 10 Sixth;
highest price for old gold, sliver, diamonds.
ANY j amount, | lowest rates, on furniture, etc. :
no removal; no commission; strictly confiden-
tial. Room 3, Conservatory bldg., ¦ 301 Jones.'
CASH loaned on' salaries, New York plan.
¦¦ THE .TOUSLEY CO.. 321 Parrott bldg.'
3% on furniture and pianos; $13 up; no removal;
,, no commission; private. Room 81, 6 Eddy st.
MONEY loaned salaried people without security.
HILL. 'rm. 44, -Merchants'. Ex.". 431 California.
LOANS,-lBt or 2d mtgs; dty.country; 6% undl-
i vlded lnts; estates. HARPER. 337 Parrott bid.
AUSTIN'S Salary Loan Co... 366 Parrott bulld-
, Ing; men can secure loans on personal note.
$100,000 TO loan on real estate or for building;
low rate; Home Bldg. Co., 222 Sansome. .rm Z.
MONEY to loan on furniture by private party
low rate. 917 Market St., room 1.
ON furniture and pianos; no removal: confiden-
tial; on diamonds, etc. 33 Taylor at-"--'
MOSEY TO LOAX.
CASH loaned to salaried people on note without
indorser. MORRELL. 6C9 Examiner building.
TO salaried people without collateral or ln-
dorser. .-5. F. Discount Agency. 1« Phelan bid.
MUSICAL INSTRUMENTS.
A^Jy^p^solThavlnK^ise for a; piano can be ac-
commodated at Sherman, Clay A Co, s with
easiest payments, lowest prices and most re-
liable makers to chocse from. Each the best
. of their grade, from Stelnway down. Priv-
ilege given to exchange medium and.iow-
prlced pianos for a new Stelnway any time
within three years from date of purchase
Beautiful new upright.* sold for W cash anrt
$i> per month. We offer to sell some good
pianos for $3, S4 and $5. per month. J-HEJl-
MAN. CLAT & CO.. Stelnway dealers. «or-
cer Kearny and Sutter sts., .San Francisco;
corner Broadway and Thirteenth St., Oak-
land. ¦ . . • ¦ - ¦
ABSOLUTELY the largest exclusive wholesale
and retail piano house west of Chicago:
agent peerless Heine and Hallet & L»avls.
Boston's oldest and most famous plan'}, and j
10 other makes; pianos rented: rent avowed I
on purchase: new high-grade pianos, $6 Jown,
$6 per month.
3 Heine uprights $327
1 Mason & Hamlln 3tt>
2 Stelnways W»
1 Russell ?--*
1 Chickerlng .•••• *5
1 Emerson £»
HEINE PIANO CO., 217 Geary St.: open evgs. j
INTENDING purchasers of pianos will save j
money by examining the b-autlful new styles ;
which* we shall receive within the next few i
days; they are the very latest In everything
and will be offered exceedingly low. MAL'-
VAIS MUSIC COMPANY. 763 Market St.
THE names of pfanes that you ought to select
from for your holiday pr»?er.t are Decker &
Son. Packard, Baumetster. Straube. Gllmore
and Arlington. The instruments are bound '
to suit and the prices wjll be made to cor-
respond. We have several good second-hand
_bargains. MAUVAIS. 769 Market st.
ABSOLUTELY the oldest and largest house
west of Chicaco Is KOHLER * CHASE'S. 26. i
2S and 30 O'Farrell Kt. : pianos, onrans and I
all other musical Instruments of all grades j
and prices: terms easy; prices lowest: every-
thing possible done to please and satisfy the
customer.
FINE list of sllKhtly used pianos. $133 up: easy |
payments. BENJ. CURTAZ & SON, IS O'Far- i
rell st.: Chickerlng agency; Symphonlon mu-
sic boxes; sheet music, etc.; open Saturday ,
_evenings.
AI.MOST new upright Stelnway A.Sohmer sac-
rinced; great bargains this month. BRUENN,
203 Post st
FOR sale — EleKaT.t uprlKht piano. 3 pedals, j
7 1-3 octave. $150; or rent for $3. 342 Kearny.
HIGH-GJIADE 3-pedal upright piano; must be
tacrlflced; leaving city. 415 Van Ness *ve.
HIGH-GRADE pianos; Steck. Hardman. Con-
over & others. W. V. ALLEN & CO.. 3U Post.
j AT KEEFFKS. 923 Market st.. 4 elegant up-
i rtehts at your own price. Shoninger ag?ncy.
GREAT many bargains in 2nd-hand uprights;
small Installments. Jlornung. 218 McAllister.
• SOHMETt & CO.. Byron Mauzy, Oabler. Spiel-
i mann anJ Hamilton pianos. 3M Pest st.
! BFST rent stock In cltv: new pianos. $3' per j
month. SCOTT-CIT.TAZ. 5<5O Hayes st. i
SUPERIOR violins, zithers, old and new. hT '
MULLER. maker, repairer. 2 iAtbam place. :
[ A cleaning out of piano* for storage: dirt chear>: j
installments. Wilson's Storage. 710 Market. I
BARGAIN- Must be sold; nice upright 'piano. (
PCHMITZ. IS McAllister st.. n*xt Hih. Hank. !
OIL. •
ASPHALT for sale; quantities to suit: will |
contract delivery; our oil stock advances tn j
3c shp.re Dec. 10. JUANITA OIL CO.. SCO '
Montgomery st.
' JOSEPH B. TOPLITZ. 330 rine street.
MEMBER .PRODUCERS' OIL EXCHANGE.
country correspondence solicited.
OIL LAXDS FOR SALE.
KERN River Oil Lands — Proven territory in '.
the well-known tract of "Grace Oil Co." for '
sale; also other oil land for salr« or lease; mo«t ¦
wonderful oil field known: over 530 feet of oil ;
sandi buy from owners and save commisRlon3 : j
have b-en In field from start: will Rive you
facts concerning any locality. NEWTON, !
CARMAN & SOMES. 101 Chronlrle bldg., San ;
Fiancisco: 416 Douglas Block, Los Angeles: ]
Southern Hotel. Bakersfleld. :
PATENTS A Nl» I>K>S!O>N, '¦
ADVICE free: no charge unless successful. !
GEO. D. CAMPBELL. lawyer. Examiner bl<. I
PKnso>AL5. !
OWEN' McCAHE. lm]»orter. dealer In feathers: '
hair mattress and pillow /manufactory; old j
feathers renovated nn-.l purified; all feathers j
I sold warranted well dreneed with my patent
j steam renovator. S70 Mission, tel. Jessie 1114. t
j COTILLON leaders, ho! An Imported novelty !
In "Favors" at an extremely low price. Ad-
dress box W2, Call office.
| MATTRESSES AND PILLOWS.' tel. South 702. ;
I made to order, renovated: honest "work guar- j
j antced: feathers and hair cl»>an.»ed : fin'; uphol- i
I stery; goods carefully packed for shipment or ;
storage. HOPKE BROS.. 311 and SZi 11th st.
MEXICAN Hair Grower stops the hair from j
falling Immediately and restores gray hair to i
.its natural color: ladles call and investigate, j
Msxicaa Lady, 142 Sixth st. |
ELECTRIC light In every room — Winchester !
Hotel. 44 Third st.. near Market; TOO rooms; j
2Sc to $1 50 per night; $1 50 to $6 per week; s
free 'bus and baggage to and from the ferry. '
HAIR positively grown on bald heads by purely |
vescetable compound: absolute proof. Call or!
address PR. Q. S. MOORE. 488 Geary St.. S. F.
SUITS to order on installments; $15 upward: $1
a week. LEON LEMOS. 1117 Market St., be-
tween Sevenoth and Eighth.
WHITE enamel Iron beds, single, three-quarter
or double. $2 23. EASTERN OUTFITTING
CO., 1310-1212 Stockton 6t.. near Broadway.
ACADEMliJ FRANCAISE for conversation:
private and class lessons by Parisian teach-
¦ ers; popular prices. 742 O'Farrell St.
FINE suits. $10; dress pants, $2 75. MISFIT
CLOTHING PARLORS. 437 Montgomery st.
A— $3 50 DERBY and Fedora hats. $1 73. Popu-
lar Price Hatters, 330 Kearny St.. near Pine.
DANICHEFF sell holiday glove orders, good for
gloves ready-made or t3 order. 121 Grant ave.
?«f ARRIAGE bureau: est. 1S87: reliable and con-
fidential lists 10c MRS. HERTZ. 7C6 Ellis st.
PRIVATE detective work; reasonable rates; 10
years' experience. J. B. RAY. 3o7 Jessie st. !
MME. ADA, the wonderful gifted healer. 1104
Market st.. rooms 3 and 4; one treatment free.
MASQUERADE costumes, play" books, wigs-
country orders. GOLDSTEIN & CO., 733 Mkt.
ELECTROLYSIS destroys superfluous hair and
moles: trial free. MISS EATON. 1119 Sutter.
DR. LAMOTTE'S French Corn Paint, the best
corn cure; 25c; all druggists. ,
SUITS to order on easy payments. Art Tailor-
ing Co.. 1644 Mkt., under St. Nicholas Hotel.
OLD gold, sliver, diamonds and precious stones
bought. J. R. JENKEL. 817 Market st.
ALFREDUMS Egyptian Henna; restores gray
hair to its natural color; $1: at all druggists.
vj*.
H. JEROME FOSSELLI. scle^tlflTpaJmisC 513
Taylor St.. bet. Geary and Post; tel. Black 561.
MME. NEERGAARD. 7C0 Post: tel. Hyde 2932:
hours 1 to 5 eve., and Sunday by appointment.
PHYSICIANS AXD SURGEONS.
DR. C C O'DONNELL— Office and residence.
1C21H Market st.. between Sixth and Seventh.
REAL ESTATE^— CITY — FOR SALE.
SELECTED list of ¦ some choice lots In Rlth-
mond;
. W- side. 10th av., 123 ft. 8 from Clement:
23x120, $S00; easy payments; $30 quarterly; first
payment $20; all street work done; electric cars
pa=is within a few steps: a very choice lot.
E 1 10th av., bet. California and Clement"
23x120: TSOO. .
A very cheap corner. 40x100; Clement and !
11th; $1700; a fine sunny lot; one 'of the most'
desirable in Richmond; a good business corner
| W 1 7th av. south from A; 25x120; 2 lots; very
cheap; $650 each.
Clement, bst. 9th and 10th: 27:6x100; $300.
Point Lobos av. and 11th av.; 32:6x100; $2100*
a flno business corner; & grocer stands ready to
take lease, who Is doing the best business In
Richmond.
Corner B and 9th 'av.; 32:6x100; $1400.
8th av.. bet. Clement and Point Lobos »¦ ¦
25x120: $750. ' *
11th av., b«t. Clement & California- 2oxi2J-
$800.. . - """•«¦
Clement, east of 6th -av. ; -25x100: flOOO
- California, near 2nd ar; 25x100; $750.
' WV J. GUXN
530 California St.. bet. Montgomery and Kearny.
RICHMOND residences, desirable and very
cheap, for sale.
Cottage residence. 6 rooms, tile mantels nor-
celaln bathtub, large bathroom ; unfurn'lshe'd
basement; $3750; easy payments.
Two-story residence, almost new, 8 rooms
and bathroom: tile mantels, speaking tubes
wired . for electricity: unfinished basemenr
extra well finished houx?: a very cheap home"
$3850; $500 cash. $40 a month installments
W. J. GUNN. E30 California st., between
Montgomery and ICeamy.
OWNERS of property In the Potrero that wish
,to sell, call on '.V. J. OUNN. 530 California
st.. S. F. Savings ,Unlon building.
IV ; you have property north of , the Park I and
-you wish to sell quickly, then call on W J
GUNN/ 530 California st. ' ,
REAL ESTATE CITY — FOR SALE.
THOS. MAGEE & SONS. S Montgomery it.
":• 'LOTS WESTWARD. .V
N.W.- cor. Broadway anrt Fillmore. 50 by
137:8; 122,500; one of the finest lots In San
Francisco.
South side Broadway, between Flllmore and
Steiner. 31:6 by 127:S: S34C0.
East side Steiner. betweep Broadway and
i Vallejo. 26 by 1C0; *2e0O.
N.E. cor. Vallejo and Steiner. 34:4 by 137:8;
J4000.
North sMe Vallejo. between Flllmore and
Steiner; $100 a front foot.
South side Green, between Flllmore an-1
Steiner; only $55 a front foot.
X.W. cor. Steiner and Green, 27:6 by 100;
rrso.
North side Green, between . Steiner and
Pierce. 37:8 by 137:S; $^00.
Two lots on Steiner, north of Green, 27:S by
100 each: J1250 each.
Flllmore-st. electric cars and Unlon-st. cars
near r.ll of. the above lot?.
Reasonable offers will be submitted.
Terms: One-tMnl cash, balance at 8 per
cent, lender to pay rr.nrtKagp tax.
FOR »>ale— Store and Rat on best business ntre«-t
in Western Addition; both rented. Apply
ISO) Polk St., Mcnday.
MODERN houses built; lowest prices; plans an!
estimates furnlsheJ. Campbell, 1147 Migston.
REAL ESTATE — COUNTRY—- For Sale
A." SACRIFICE— Cottage of 5 rooms: lot 33xU>S;
In the choicest residence portion of San Jose:
will exchange for r?.-in FVanctscrv property.
PATTKRSON & CO.. 11 City Hall square.
A CHEA 1 * little rar.ch of CO acrps. near rail-
road town. Alameda County: house, barn,
poultry houses, plenty of good water. t.et
particulars or thl*.__ H. H. CRANE. SOS Calif.
CHEAP~littIe home in town. Alameda County;
extensive poultr>- houses and yards: house for
10CO pigeons; real estate, personal property;
all for $750. Call 5CS Cal i torn ia at., room t.
ACCURATE knowledge, each of the S00O ranch-
es on my sale and exchange list— more than
all other agents In city; state what's wanted.
* N'. D. SICKELS. the Land Agent. ¦ Geary st.
MARION GRIFFIN. 719 Market St.. sells nnl
exchange* farms. c»tv property; printed lists.
REAL. ESTATE TO E.\CHA.\GE.
NEW -ottaae G rn «.. bath: lot 5fcxl0«: Mission:
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS.
ALAMEDA REAL ESTATE.
$lJvC-r»VRT cash: an elesant new colonial cot-
tace 5 rooms; Rne plumbing; lot 4.1x120; N.
sid« street. J. H. TOING. builder. li:3 Park
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS-
v hFiCE— 1118 BROADWAY.
OAKLAND RBAL ESTATE.
Fl.EOANT lots samflceJ. JUW; cost $i'^l0: 111-t
250: fronts Fruitvaie ave. iOO— Cost $•«••; Six
ISO: arlln!T-s Fnjitva!" ar». LATM.>"^I".
REAL K3TATE «:O.. 4KO-4S2 Sth St.. C^kiani.
PATINO chicken business: chance for a luick
•ale. E. K. BUNCE*85a Broudwsy. OaV.an.l.
OAKl.AM) lt«t.*KH TO Li:T.
G<K)D houje*. C#i Itsi fnim OEO W. AUrt-
T1V A <-'¦> " k '»! "-n-<»Tvnr. Oakland.
OAKLAND FIKMTUB FOK 9ALS.
AN Introduction to you from H. Schellhias. «h»»
furniture rtealer. 11th an<i Franklin. O»mnd,
ROOMS FOR nOlSF.KEKPISr..
EUCHANAN. 137. near Waller— 4 compete
rooms with bath ami rangp; ren*. $*>.
CASTRO. 423. nr. 17lh.— Pear. 1 nice »unvy
rooms; lars*" chirken yard; stiM».
CHESTNUT. 233 — Furnished rooms ror :.~.j>--
keeping: fir? view; sunny rorner hullillng.
MARKET, nr. Mason— Larsie room a^.,1 kit-
chen. folding bed. gas. «IO. Call S*2 Kenrr.y -t.
MISSION, 545— Front room and kitchen com-
plete for hoiiseke-ptns.
$7— FOUR large sunny rooms, houupkeeping;
a!so 2 rroms. $4. In rear. 53' t>ev«-.;th *:•¦
key 555 Seventh at.
TURK. 127— La-ge sunny room for a couple;
stove; $10 a month. -
VALENCIA. 1232— Nicly furnished alcove
room: light housekeeping; gas and bath; !!»••
of launrlry.
A BKANCH office for CWl adT»rt!.i*m«*nta am\
subscriptions has been established at ! js
Valencia st.
CI~A£SlFIKr> advertijfinem* «nd »ul>«cr'o::3in
receive." at <~»t) b>-p"ch oirtce. ?? (v ' Pi» : r">-» --
ROOMS TO LET — Fnrn. and In furn.
a— Brunswick" House. i4« sixth— Fuionu Ss
to $1 p«*r nlRht: SI 25 to $r, rw>r week, and light
housekeeping; open all nisht.
BURNETT. 1429 Market fold No. 1344)— Fur-
nished rms.. aultes. smgle: also unfurnished.
Bt*SH. 510 (The Klk» — Nicely furnished sunny
rms; day. 25c up: wk. $1 i>0 up. Mrs. P. Ranit.
CLIFFORD. Wl Ellis, cor. Mason— Elegantly
furnished sur.ny rooms; prices reasonable.
EDDY, 632 — Sunny pleasant suite of rooms:
suitable for one or more gentlemen.
ELLIS. 725— Furnished front room; one or two
gentlemen preferred; German family; $7.
GEARY. 405 (The Navarre) — Elegantly furnished
rms; suites or single; travelers accommodated.
GEARY, 50&— Cor. house: front rooms; other
rms.: piano, phone: privilege light housekpf.
GRAND SOUTHERN, southeast corner Seventh
and Mission sts. — Sunny roams, en suite or
single; ladles' parlor; reading-room; clara tor.
HAYES, 781—1 or 2 nicely furnished rooms:
cheap; suitable for slnarle gentleman; prlvat«
family: use ol bath.
LARKIX, 8C4— Sunny front room, reatly fur-
nished; 1 or 2 persons; $S.
LARKIN, smi— Lares and small newly fur-
nished rooms for centknion: sunny.
LARKIX, 813 x i — Larire sunny room: gas * bath;
gentlemen preferred: private: reasonable.
LAS PALMAS. 1S20 Market st.— Suite of 2 or 3
rms.; private: bath; sin. rms.: board optional.
LEWIS place. IS — Furnished and unfurnished
rooms to let: single or en suite.
NEW ARLINGTON. 1015 Market St.— Nicely
. furnished rooms. $2 a week up: 33c a day up.
CFARREIJ* 20 — Sunny furnished rooms and
offices; elevator; electric lights; day. wk.. mo.
POST. <!S1— To rent, small, furnished front room:
neither drink nor smoke in the house; Prot-
estant Christian pref aired; $5 per month.
ROYAL House, 129 Ellis st.— Incandescent light:
readlngr-room, smoking-room and ladles' par-
lor; rooms, per night. 35c to $1 50: week. J2 to
$$: month. $S to $50: elevator on ground floor:
rooms with hot and cold water: baths, vr-. „/
ROSET>AL,E House. 319 and 321 EIUs St.— Rooms,
night 2£c to $U week $1 23 to M: open night.
SHERMAN Apartment House. 23 Eighth W...
; near Market — Furnished or unfurnished.
THE STANFORX>. 320% Sutter— House changed
hands and renovated; single rooms, JS per
i month: suites $12 to $25: all sunny.
: TURK. 12«— Tront. sunny furnished room, suit-
able for one or two irentlemen.
TURK. 12&-Fumtshed sminy room»: transient.
TURK, 333— Sunny front room: suitable for
two Kentlemen or dressmaker.
1 URK. 541— Single furnished front room for
gentleman: private family.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2?>0 Flllmore st.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at ICto
Valen cla st.
ROOMS AXD BOARD.
PLEASANT room, hot and cold -water; newly
furnished: private; board optional. 956 Pln«.
near Taylor.
SELECT family hotel; new Interior: three spe-
cial dinners weekly; rates to establish. 807
California st.
BOARD and rooms at 41S First st.. near Har-
rison.
ROOMS AXD BOARD YVAXTED.
MECHANIC wants "board and ' Toom~Va"vTtv'*ii
family: South Park or ttlneon H1U preferred.
Box 639. Call office. .
SBAVIXG MACHINES AXD SUPPLIES.
ALL. kinds bought, sold, rented, exchanged: r»- 1
_palrlngjlowest_rates; cpen *ven. 206 Fourth.
; BOUGHT, sold, rented*, repaired; needles anil
shuttles; reduced rates^ 145 6th: phone Mint J.
| ALL kinds bowzht. sold and repairing guaxan-Continued From Fagfe Ten.
COMMERCIAL NEWS
' A month ago fire broke out In the Belt
shaft, one of the Anaconda Company's
properties, and so far all attempts to ex
tinguish it have proved unavailing. A
force of men vras put to work to-day in
the air shaft. SOO feet deep, with the in
tention of drifting to head off the fire In
the main shaft. At noon the men failed
to come to the surface, and a second gans
was sent down to investigate. The second
party also failed to return, and a third
shift was sent below. Many of the third
shift were bvercome by sulphurous gas»s
b.efore a .fourth party protected with
smoke helmets reached the spot. The un
conscious men were passed up ladders one
at a time with great difficulty until all
were taken to the surface. It is not be
lieved that any of the victims will sustain
permanent injury.
BUTTE, Mont., Dec. 7.— What came very
nearly being the largest mining disaster
In the history of the Butte camp occurred
to-day. Fortunately no lives were lost,
but twenty-one unconscious and half-suf
focated miners were hauled to the surface
by ropes from the Bell mine and laid in
rows while nearly all the. doctors in the
city worked over them and by means of
artificial respiration and strong stimu
lants finally succeeded In reviving all the
victims. . ':;;-i-:-:- J . ¦ • •
scious, but Are Revived by Phy
sicians After Hours of
Labor.
Taken From the Bell Shaft Uncon-
Twenty-One Men Narrowly
Esc pe Death at Butte
Camp.
OVERCOME BY
GAS IN A MINE
TO SAIL..
NOTE— The high and low waters occur at the
city front (Mission-street wharf) about twenty
five minutes later than at Fort Point: the
height of tide is . the same at both places.
Sun, Moon and Tide.
United States Coast and Geodetic Survey-
Times and Heights of High .and Low
Waters. at Fort Point, entrance 'to San
Francisco .Bay.- Published by official au
thority of the Superintendent.
SATURDAY, DECEMBER 7.
NOTE— In the above exposition of the tides
the early morning tides are given In the left
hand column and the ¦ successive tides of the
day in . the ; order . of : occurrence as to time of
day, the third ? time ; column gives the last
tide : of " the day. * except I when . there ; are but
three tides, as sometimes occurs. The heights
given ' are in ; addition ' to ! the soundings ' on the
United (States Coast Survey charts, except
when a minus sign (— ) precedes the height, and
then the number given is subtracted ' from the
depth given. by the chart*. The plane of refer
ence is the mean of the lower low waters.
Sun rlees ................. ............. ; 7.^2
Sun sets y . ;..... .".Wai
Moon rises .:.....?.... .7:22 p. m.
FRIDAY, Dec 7—4 p. ra.
Bid. Ask.. Bid. Ask.
Alpha 02 OllJustice 02 04
Alta C5 OClKentuck ....... 01 0»
Andes 03 05 Lady Ws^h — 03
Belcher/......... 15 1« Mexican 19 21
Best &' Belcher 27 28 Occidental ..... 04 05
Bullion ......... 02 03 Ophlr 67 68
Caledonia ...... 35. S7i Overman ....... CS 07
Chollar. 15. l«!Potosi 14 15
Challenge- Con. 21 23. Savage 07 08
Confidence ..... 57 68 Scorpion 04 —
Con Cal & Va..l 30 1 KSegr. Belcher.... 02 03
Con Imperial... — 0l ( Sierra Nevada. 31 32
Con New York. 01 — Silver H1U 60 61
Eureka Con — 35 St Louis 10 _
Crown Point... 11 12 Standard .......3 20 —
Exchequer ..... — 02, Syndicate < — 12
Gould & Curry- 52 54 -Union Con 23 24
Hale & Nor.... 19 .20! Utah 05 C«
Julia "«;...'..;.... — 'OS' Yellow Jacket.. '21 22
CLOSING QUOTATK^fS.
40 Best & Belcher 23; 700 Savage C6
200 Chollar 14 45 Sierra Nevada. 26
100 Con Cal & Va..l 20. 1 250 Silver Hill 63
800 Gould & Curry. 6ll 250 Silver Hill 53
300 Gould & Curry. 50] StO Silver Hill 51
65 Gould & Curry. 46 j 50 Union Con 21
50 Mexican ....... 16 400 Yellow Jacket.. 21
800 Ophir 61 BOO Yellow Jacket.. 20
50 Ophir *°
.Afternoon Session.
200 Best & Belcher 27 1500 Mexican 20
100 C C & Va 125 100 Ophir 68
600 C C & Va 130 600 Ophlr 65
JOO C C & Va....l 32'4 600 Ophlr 67
250 C C & Va.. 1 S5 400 Sierra Nevada. 30
200 Crown Point... 12 600 Union Con 23
100 Gould ft Curry. 52 300 Yellow Jackej.. 22
Morning. Session.
' The following were the tales In the Paclflc
Stock Board yesterday:
13
400 Best & Belcher 22 300 Mexican 16
100 Caledonia 36 150 Ophlr 60.
150 Con Cal & Va..l S> 100 Ophir 61
300 Gould & Curry. 51 1000 Overman OS
BOO Gould & Curry. 60 200 Savage , 06
100 Hale & Nor 19 200 Silver Hill 51
300 Justice 02 1C0 Yellow Jacket.. 20
Afternoon Session.
1100 Best & Belcher 271 600 Mexican ....... 19
100 Caledonia 36.400 Ophlr 66
800 Con Cal & Va..l 30; SOO Potosl 14
1C0 Crown Point... 12 400 Savage ......... 08
100 Gould & Curry. 51 500 Seg Belcher 02
100 Gould * Curry. 62 SOO Sierra Nevada. 30
100 Gould & Curry. 53' 100 Sierra Nevada. 29
Morning Session.
The following were the sales In the Pan Fran
cisco Stock and Exchange Board yesterday:
MINING STOCKS.
Branch • Hydrogrraphio • Office. •U. f . 8.' N., Mer
chants' Exchange, " San Francisco, - Cal.,
"December., 7," 1500. ! \ .-
The:time ball on the tower of the new Ferry
building was dropped at exactly noon to-day—
1. e., -¦ at noon " of . the 120th : meridian, or at I
o'clock p. m., • Greenwich time. 1 inniifti|MfM|
C. G.' CALKINS.
.Lieutenant Commander. U.S.N.. in charge.
Time Ball.
John A. Lennon (owner) with Allen & Looney
(contractors), architect E. A. Garin— Plumbing,
sewering and gas fitting for alterations and ad
ditions to a two-story frame .building' dn N
line of Eddy street. m:10tt E of Gough, e S*:4«^
by N 120. W. A. 123: $910.
John, G. Cook A Co. (contractors) with Cali
fornia Concrete Company (sub-contractors),
architect Albert Button— Grading, concrete, ce
menting, twisted iron, asphaltum and pumping
for a five-story and basement brick building on
NE line of Fremont street. 18S:«- BE > of Mar
ket. SE 45:10. NB 137:10. NW 45:10. SW ; 137:6;
Builders' Contracts.
SANTA ROSA. Dec 7.— Another paper
was filed this afternoon in the case of
Cora L. Wickereham vs. Fred A. "Wicker-
Bham et al., wh!ch is a contest of the will
of the late Petaluma capitalist. This time
the defendants have filed through their
attorneys an amended answer and cross
complaint. The hearing, of a motion to
dismiss this case will come up In Judge
Burnett's court to-morrow, and if is ex
pected to be one of the greatest legal bat
tles in the history of Sonoma County
courts.
New Move in Wickersham Case.
HOTEL ARRIVALS.
GRAND HOTEL
W S Green, Coluea
H B Joyce. Seattle
Mrs Joyce. Seattle
g A Moody & w, Boston
J B Garry. Merced
D E Melkle Portland
G Peirano, San Jose
W Wood. Sacto
A H Wright, Stockton
J Berryman. Cal .
R E Dow & w. L Ang
E S Sarre, Chicago
F C Wateon & w, Cal
J H Wright. WIs
W H Smith. Tacoma
A C Harper. Los Ang
Dr C E Keed & w. Cal
J JMaude Si w. Cal
J E Barkley, Arlx .
H L West, Stockton
A A Hyatt. Vacavllle
H K Carter. Davlsvllle
Edith Helnkle, Davisv
Maud Truax, Davisv
Ann Hathaway, Davisv
Miss L Perryman. L A
W H Wood, Nev
J S Forest. NY
O Strachen, N Y
J F Btrachen. N Y
N Stead man, Wis
J D Smith, Redwood
N A Schultz, Porterv
B J Isham, Sacto
J Champion. Jackson
C Stocks, Grass Valley
E C Ivins. Cal
J W Conant, Redding
J L Depaull. Kern City
J H Glfford. Carters
B N Scribner Jr. Cal
Z P Dyer. Cal . .
J W Glenn. Stockton
J McDonald, Menlo Pk
G Foster. Wash
L J Evans, Napa
D Campbell, Los Ang
M Baeshtcl, Uklah
E F de Camp, Uklah
R L Beardslee, Stktn
S E Busser. Los Ang
L Prager, Los Ang
P Kehlj Los Angeles
H E Scales, Stanford
W G Scales. Stanford
R D Robblna, Sulsun
C A Campbell, R Bluff
H H Hunter, Victoria
Miss Powers, Fresno
PALACE HOTEL.
A B Colemaa. Martlne* W E Keith, San Jose
C M Wooster. Sn Joe* I S Ballou & w Honolul
Mrs Hart, Ban Jose IW A Junker, Del Mont
Miss K Hart. San Jose O S Williams, Sit Lake
Miss H Redman. Cal O G Murphy. Palo Alto
MIes Oethout, Fresno R Rlckard, Denver
Miss E Osthout, Fresno W F Stevens. Denver
C Monroe, Los Ang J K Gambrill, Portlnd
C-F Small, Hartford E M Eastman, Chicago
H B McLymoot. Fresn W F Wllshlre, Ls Ang
H Woolsey, Portland M Finlen. Mont
J S Robertson, Hanford F C Barnes, Chicago
Mrs L M Thayer, Mich B Herbst, New York
T Lowry. Honolulu Miss C Hopkins, Wash
Miss N Lowry, Honolu J B Glldersleeve, Cal
J A Foshay. Los Ang J F Meyers & w, Cal
E Churchill /k w. Napa O G Labree, Spokant
T R Minturn. Mlnturn O Brun, Denmark
U W Tany; Reno S T Raymond, Cal
O D Stuart, Syracuse Miss G Hammond. Cal
M B Whitney & w, W R Bradshaw. ' Mo -
Salt Lake , I B Turner & w, Ls An
• BOSTON— Arrived Dec 7— Stmr Common
wealth,-from Liverpool. •• - '-: ¦•' ¦ ¦-•--¦-
- GIBRALTAR— Arrived Dec 7— Stmr Aller.
OCEAN . STEAMERS.
NEWCASTLE, Aus-^-Satled , Nov Z— Br - shin
Montgomeryshire,* for,. Ban • Francisco. . • :,
Returned Nov 8— Br bark Mary A' Troopi' ¦'¦ ¦ <
: MAZATT^AN— Ballad ; Dec 7— Oer ' 8tmr Neko,
for San Frnnrlirn 'iBW (I I IWIWI llill#%liny mw 1 1' lw> flii'm
Sailed I>c 4— Btmr Niagara, for New Tork.
HONGKONG— Arrived 'Deo 8— U S stmr
Grant, • fronv Manila, for San Francisco.* ;
COliON — Arrived Deo 4— Stmr Advance,' from
New : York. ;£f8taiqHEEpH4giHHSHKaMe)mM)afeij|SBa
FOREIGN PORTS.
BAN PEDRO— Arrived Deo 6— Bchr Glendalo,
from Grays Harbor. •
BOWBN8 LANDING — Arrived . Deo 7— Stmr
Navarro, hence Deo 6.
TACOMA— Arrived Dec 6— Nor stmr Kids
void, from Manila.
Sailed Dec 6— Ship Bcllpse. for San Fran
cisco. '
PORT LUDLOW— Sailed Dec 7— Ship Hecla,
for Port'Blakeley.
COOS BAY— Sailed Dec 7— Stmr Coqullle
River, tor San Francisco.
PORT GAMBLE— Sailed Dee 7— Br stmr Car
marthenshire, for Port Blakeley.
8EATTLE— Arrived Dec 6— u S stmr Wheel
ing, from Alaska.
Sailed Dec 6— Stmr Rainier, for Whatcom.
: Arrived Dec 7— Stmrs Al-Kl and Dolphin,
from Alaska. . ¦
Balled Dec 7— Schr Maggie C Russ, for Sa
linas Crux. '•¦-'• '¦¦¦/'
SAN DIEGO— Arrived Dec 7— U S stmr Phila
delphia, hence Dec 5.
Arrived Dee 7— Ger stmr Hathor, from Ham
burg; stmr Iaq.ua, from Eureka.
? FORT BRAGG— Sailed Dec 7— Stmr Noyo, for
San Frandsoo. . ¦ ' ¦'
PORT TOWNSEND— Arrived Dec 7— Br stmr
Glenlocby, . from Shanghai;', bark Carrollton,
from Tacoma. '
• > EUREKA— Arrived y Deo 7— Stmr San Pedro,
hrnce Deo 6. - ' ' .¦ ¦BJHBBmS^ViS
Sailed Dee .7— Schr Eliza Miller and stmrs
North Fork and Brunswick, for San Francisco.'
ASTORIA— Arrived Dec 7— Stmr Columbian,
hence Dec 6. ¦ , ¦ . ¦
PORT ,LOS- ANGELES— Sailed Dec 7— Nor
stmr Titanla/ for Nanaimo.
' .VENTURA— Sailed Dec . 7— Stmrs ' Geo Loo
mis and Coronado, for San Francisco.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
LONDON. Dec 6— Br ship Albania, from New
York, for^ Manila,' put, into Rio de Janeiro
leaking in ucper works.
• SEATTLE, Dec 7— Btmr Rainier, hence Dec
• for Whatcom, returned with ¦ broken cylinder
VICTORIA, Dec 1 7— 8tmr Alpha returned to
port. Trouble in engine room..
MISCELLANEOUS,
POINT LO B06, Dec 7, 10 p m— Weather
hazy; wind NE, velocity 20 miles.
TELEGRAPH IC.
8chr Coqullle, Pearson, Coqullle River.
Schr J Epplnser, Jensen, Stewarts Point.
Btmr Scotia. Walvig, . .
Stmr Sequoia, Winkle. .
Btmr Alex Duncan, Guthrie. Moss Landing.
Br Btmr Victoria. Blakey, Chemainus.
Bark Lovl a Burg-ess. Youngjrren, Tacoma.-
Bktn Irmeard, Schmidt, Honolulu.
Echr Louise J Kenny, Olsen, Caroline Islands.
Friday, December 7.
Btmr Corona, Glelow, San Pedro.
Stmr Eureka. Jessen, Eureka.
Stmr Curacao. Parsons. Guaymas.
Stmr TJmatiHa. Cousins, Victoria.
SAILED.
¦ Friday, December 7.
Stmr Crescent City, Stockfleth. 33-hours from
Crescent City. » ¦
Stmr Pomona, Shea, 20 hours from Eureka.
Stmr South Coaat, Olsen, 47 hours from Coos
Bay.
Htmr Sequoia. "Winkle. 37 hours from San
Pedro.
Stmr Rival, Johnson, 78 hours from Willapa
Harbor. • • . •
Stmr Empire, Macgenn, 63^4 hours from Coos
Bay. .-.'-¦ -¦•¦¦; i
CLEARED.
Friday, December 7.
Stmr Santa' Rosa, Alexander, San Diego;
Goodall, Perkins & Co. ; .
Stmr Curacao, Parsons, Quaymas; Goodall,
Perkins & Co.
Stmr Umatilla. Cousins, Victoria, etc; Good
all, Perkins & Co.
Ship , America, Harding, Comox; R Duns
mulr's'Sons Co.
Bktn Irmsard, Schmidt, Honolulu; "Williams,
Dimond & Co. -• ¦ . ¦ -.- '.;••:. :. ' •
Shipping Intelligence.
ARRIVED
9 cs arms and ammunition, 75 tins E121 lbs
bread. 213 cs canned goods, 200 cs coal oil, 8
bdls cordage, 29 cs dry goods. 4 cs electrical
goods, 3 cs liquors, 7 tanks gasoline, 4 pkgs
glassware, SS cs hardware, 42 kegs nails, 2 cs
drugs, 510 lbs st ar, 9 cs lamp goods, 82 bdla
Iron. 23 fkgs groceries and provisions. S bdls
oars, 5S, 836 feet lumber, 29 pkgs machinery, 23,
000 Bhlngles, 12 spars, IS cs tools, 46 ca salmon,
1 steam launch, 1 sailboat, 19 cs boots and
shoes, 11 cs paint, 4000 lbs mlllstuffs, 12 cs wine,
7 reels wire, 1000 lbs salt.
The schooner Louise J. Kenney sailed yester
day 'for the Caroline Islands with a general
cargo, valued at $11,258, including the lollow
lr.g: i-'&ZA:
A Cargo for the Caroline Islands.
potatoes, 23 pkgs ship rigging, 9316 lbs soda,
351 flasks quicksilver, 52 cs raisins, 8900 lbs
rice, 67 crs railroad material, 26 ca stationery.
60 cs salmon. 9516 lbs soda, S26 bols shooks. 8
cs shoes, 15$ pkgs steel, 60.000 lbs sugar, 48
bdls spice, 11 cs saddlery, 12.900 lbs tallow, 22
bdls shovels, 3 cs tea, 8 cs tar, 63 <\ whisky, 32
cs 18,286 gals wine, 33 cs wire, 63 cs, wagon ma
terial.
from New York, for Naples and Genoa, and
proceeded.
, NEW YORK-Salled Dec 7-Stmr Weimar,
for Bremen.
Arrived Dec 7 — Stmr Lxieanla, from Liver
pool: stmr Barcelona, from Hamburg:.
QUEENSTOWN— Arrived Dec 7— Stmr Cam
pania, from New York, for Liverpool, and pro
ceeded. .
ROTTERDAM— Arrived Dec 7— Stmr Am
sterdam, from New York, via Boulogne. ••¦
HVERPOOLr-Sailed Dec 7— Stmr Bevlc. for
New York. . ' .
PORTLAND. . Me— Arrived Dec 7— Stmr Par
isian, from Liverpool, via Halifax. N S.
TO ARRIVE.
Steamer Movements.
THE OLD "WHALING BARK ALICE KNOWLES : LEAVING PORT FOR
A YEAR'S CRUISE IN HAWAIIAN WATERS AND THE OKHOTSK
SEA. SHE CARRIES A GOOD STOCK OF CHRISTMAS PROVENDER.
MISCT-T T VEOUS STOCKS.
Al Pack As3n.l24%125*i Pac A FA... 2% —
Cal Fruit Asn.103 — Pac C Bor Co. — —
i>-<r. - .. .. lw far xaini Co.. 12V4 —
Oceanic S Co.. 104 —
Morning Session.
Board —
2'J Alaska Packers* Association 125 00
W Makawell Sugar Co 41 50
23 Market Street Railway 63 73
170 Paauhau S P Co 33 Zo
Bli S F Gas & Electric Co 46 75
55 Spring Valley Water 94 CO
$5000 Spring Valley U (3d mortgage) 102 CO
Street— . -,
J2000 Bay Counties Power Co Ss 104 00
100 Giant Powder Con S5 3714
15 Hutchlnson S P Co 25 75
500 Paaubau S P Co S3 25 1
Afternoon Session.
Board—
65 Giant Powder Con... SS 25
100 Giant Powder Con 85 CO
25 Hutchlnson S P Co 25 7»
175 Kllauea Sugar Plantation Co 20 S7}»
25 Market Street Railway 70 00
50 S F Gas & Electric Co. s 10 4S 60
SO S F Gas & Electric Co 4« 75
Street—
SO L. P & A Bank 143 25
50 S F Gas & Electric Co, cash K 75
60 S F Gas & Electric Co, s 90 •!« 50
PRODl^ERS' OIL. EXCHANGE.
Morning Session.
/ Board—
IICO California-Standard 40
200 California-Standard , S9
12<« Caribou 6a
400 Four OH Co 42
100 Four Oil Co ¦$.. 43
3U0 Hanford-Fres no-Kern River 32
eOO Home Oil " 4 43
50 Kern Oil Co > 75
600 l.i<vn Oil Co 81
1C-0 Monarch of Arizona 38
20*0 Petroleum Center IS '
8500 Reed Crude Oil Co «
500 Reed Crude OH Co, s S 43
6O0C Reed Crude Oil Co. s 2 49
5300 Reed Crude Oil Co 48
50 Ban Joaquln Oil & Dev. b 60 9 62H
50 San Joaquln Oil & Dev 9 3T'»
100 Yukon ES
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
Afternoon Session.
Board —
6000 Petroleum Center 17
200 Occidental of West Virginia 70
200 Occidental of West Virginia 63
300 Twenty-eight j 45
1W> Twenty-eight ". 2 42«i
50 Twenty-eight 2 45
200 Monarch of Arizona... 39
5 Hanford 121 00
200 Sterling O & D Co 2 55
400 California-Standard 42
100 Reed Crude Oil Oo....: 4S
40 Kern River IS 0O
200 Hom« Oil 4 SO
FRIDAY, Dec. 7—2:30 p. m.
Goes Ashore in a Fog and Will Probably Go to
Pieces, but the Crew Is Reported Saved.
¦ - ¦ j— — ?- — _ . . -
Unfortunate Vessel Left Here for Eureka Wednes
day, but Captain Miller Lost His Bearings.
— . — , * : ; : : : *
THE steam schooner Cleone, owned
in San Francisco, is supposed to
be a total loss near Point Gorda.
She left here on December 5 for
Eureka and probably went on the
rocks during a fog. Captain Miller knew
the coast well and the owners of the ves
sel were greatly surprised when the news
of the disaster reached the city yesterday.
Point Gorda is ten miles from Cape
Mendocino and about forty miles from the
entrance to Humboldt Bay. During the
dense weather that has prevailed along
tne coast Captain Miller must have over
run his reckoning and piled up on the
rocks. The chances for saving the vessel
are Bald to be very slim. ¦ •
The Cleone was built here in 1887. She
is 119 feet long, 31 feet 2 indies beam and
9 feet 5 inches deep. A. W. Beadle Is her
managing owner, but he has little hope
that she will be saved. The stout little
craft lies in the cove where the old Eu
reka pounded herself to death, where the
British steamer Bawnmore went to
pieces where the old Orizaba weut
asnore and drowned many of her passen
gers. When an investigation is held tlio
flrst question asked captain and officers
will be "Did you use the lead?" If the
lead was not used it will go hard with 'the
master and mate.
PANAMA RAILROAD GETS
¦ THE STEAMSHIP ROANOKE
Will Make the First Run January
8th, Following the St.
Paul. '
E. F. Connor, local representative
of the Panama Railroad, received
word from New Tork- yesterday
that the steamship Roanoake had
been chartered by the company and
would make her first run to Panama
on 'January 8. This is the boat upon
which the company secured an option
some weeks ago. The St. Paul had al
ready been chartered. It is understood
the company has options on two other
good vessels, the names of which will be
announced in a few days.
With these four vessels the Panama
people expect to be able to compete with
the Pacific Mail. The business relations
between the two companies end Decem
ber IS. It is not the purpose of the Pan
ama company to cut rates, as it will have
all the business it can handle with the
four steamers.
The Roanoke has been engaged during
the past year in Nome trade, and is at the
present time In Seattle. She will be or
dered to this port immediately. The ves
sel is owned by Chicago parties, and is
similar to the St. Paul in respect to 6peed
and passenger and freight accommoda
tions. The St. Paul makes its initial run
to Panama December 18.
The last Pacific Mail steamer for Pan.
ama sails to-day. The City of Sydney
leaves for all Central American ports and
will make her last point of 'call Panama.
Thereafter all the Mail Company's steam
ships will drop Panama from the sched
ule and will Ignore the Panama Railroad.
OFF FOB A YEAR'S CRUISE.
Crew of the Alice Knowles Will Spend
Christmas at Sea,
The whaling bark Alice Knowles, one
of the last of the old blubber hunting
wind jammers, sails to-night for the
Southern Seas and from there to the coast
of Siberia in quest of the sperm whale. In
the old days the sperm whale was the
mammal most in demand, but now every
body is chasing the right whale for whale
bone and the hunt for sperm oil is left
to perhaps half a dozen vessels. The
last to leave of the fleet that will do the
summer hunting In the Okhotsk Sea is
the Alice Knowles. Several months will
be spent around Hawaii and Guam and
when spring comes a .course will be
steered for the Japanese coast. The crew
of the -vessel were not very much in favor
of such an- early start. They wanted to
have Christmas ashore, but then a liberal
supply of good things' have. been laid in
and all hands and the cook will have a
good time.
Claims Olga and Cargo.
The Societa In Azionl Ungaro-Croata
Per la Xavigazione Liber a of Flume in
Austria-Hungary - filed an Intervention
yesterday in the libel of the J. D. Spreck
els & Brothers Company and the Ship
owners' and Merchants' Tugboat Com
pany against the steamship Olga and her
freight. The intervened claim the vessel
and cargo as their property. The Olga
and her cargo of sugar are now in the
hands of the United States Marshal.
The Olga goes to the Union Iron "Works
to-morrow. It is expected that the re
pairs to her will cost $85,000. The propeller
has to be removed and the tail shaft
drawn in. Then the stern frame will have
to be replaced and sixty-eight plates
taken from the bottom and new ones sub
stituted. All the rivets have shaken loose
and new ones have to be put in. The ves
sel will be from thirty-five days to six
¦weeks on the drydock. All the repairs
will be made under the supervision of
Captain Metcalfe, Lloyd's -surveyor.
Sudden Death on the** Pomona.
Glen Cherry, a 19-year-old deckhand on
the steamer Pomona, died suddenly of.
heart disease yesterday forenoon while
painting the rail of the vessel.
Water Front Notes.
The ex-transport Slam is down from
Port Costa loaded with wheat and will
sail for England next Tuesday.
The collier Mineola was to have sailed
for Comox, B. C, yesterday, but one of
her crank pins broke while the machinery
was being: turned over and It will be sev
eral days before repairs can be made.
The steamer Fulton Is to run opposition
to the Astoria and Portland steamers.
She is scheduled to sail at 4 p. m. on De
cember 8, and Is sure to be well patron
ized. The advent of the Fulton will pre
cipitate another rate war. ,
The master marinerB will hold their an
nual ball in Native Sons' Hall to-night.
There will be a great gatherings of the old
salts and a good time Is expected.
Matters of Interest to Mariners and
NEWS OF THE OCEAN.
Shipping Merchants.
The Wrestler loads merchandise for Honolulu
and Laliaina.
Large Cargo for the Curacao".
Merchandise for Victoria.
The steamer Umatllla sailed yesterday for
Victoria and Puget Sound with the usual cargo
of ' general merchandise. . valued at 116,662, and
Including the following:
26 cs arms and ammunition. 12.350 lbs butter,
4013 lbs beans, 660 lbs coffee, 2100 lbs chocolate,
128 c« canned goods, 6 cs clocks. 20 pkgs Chin
ese provisions, » 14,843 . lbs 222 pkgs dried fruit,
6 cs drugs, 23 cs electrical goods, 27 cyls gas.
85 pkgs. groceries and provisions, 232 cs hard
ware. 10 rolls leather, 122 bxs lembns, 25.720 lbs
malt, 660 lbs mlllstuffs, 4657 lbs nuts, 19 cs oil,
355 crs onions, 8 bdls pipe, 73 bxs paste, 11 kegs
powder, 2 flasks quicksilver, 181 bxs raisins,
7464 lbs soda, 37 sheets steel. 1131 lbs tobacco,
10 bxs sweets, 66 pkgs vegetables, 4 cs 1118 gals
wine. ' -
The steamer Curacao sailed yesterday for
Guaymas and other Mexican ports with a cargo
of general merchandise, valued at $61,137, and
including the following:
12 cs assaying .material, 3 drums acid, 20 cs
laxle grease, 918 ctls barley, SO cs baking pow
der, 189 bales ba&s, 17 cb candles.- 28 cs cordage.
3 ca clocks, 38 cb canned goods, 16 cs dry goods,
J203 lbs 12 cs dried fruity 25 cs drugs, 61. pkgs
electrical goods. 1539 bxs fresh fruit, 20 cs fuse,
10 bbls flour. 107 bbls cocoanutoil, 25 cs gla*s.
20 cs jringer ale, 20 cs grindstones/ 11 crs furni
ture, 1097. pkgs groceries and provisions, ' 652 : cs
hardware, 236 bales hay, 38,911 feet lumber, 12
kegs white lead, 1080 pkgs machinery. 3195 -lbs
malt. 3?8 lbs nuts, 70 kegs nails and 'spikes, 60
ok oil, 4 Mis oars. 249 crs onions, 11. bdls pipe,
SS cs paint, 41 cs paper, 114 cs paste, 760 crs
WRECK OF STEAM SCHOONER CLEONE
OFF THE COAST OF MENDOCINO
THE" SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY DECEMBER 8, '1900. N
STOCK. I Bid. I Asked.
STOCK.
I
Bid.
[
Euckhorn — 5 50
Burlington IS 17
California-Standard . — 40
Caribou 65 6S
Dominion 25 —
Four Oil Co :..;......... 43 45
Hftnford 120 00 —
Hanford-Fre»no-Kern River.... 33 33
Home OU Co 4 45 4 50
Independence 20 —
Ktrn Oil Co 9 00 —
Kern River IS J5 19 00
Lion Oil Co 35 —
McKlttrick Consolidated — 1 48
Monarch of Arizona — 40
Monte Crlsto .. 145 150
Occidental of West Virginia... 66 63
Oil City Petroleum — 33 50
Petroleum Center 17 18
Reed Crude OU Co 46 47
San Francisco & McKlttrick.. 1 WH —
San Joaquln O. & D. Co » 25 9 37H
Sterling: O. & D. Co — J 60
Twenty-eight * *> 2«
Westlake 1 — 23 31
¦West Shore 3 25 3 50
Steamer.
From.
I Due.
Samoa .........". Humboldt Dec. 8
Newburg Grays Harbor....... Dec. 8
City of Para... New York via. Panama Dec. 8
City of Puebla. Victoria & Puget Sound Dec. 8
Mattewan Tacoma Dec. 8
SanXa Barbara. San Pedro Dec. S
Queen San Diego Dec. 9
Bonlta ......... Newport ; Dec 9
Tellus „.. Oyster Harbor..... Dec. 9
Eureka Humboldt Dec. 10
Czarina Seattle Dec. 11
Columbia Portland Dec. 11
Hathor Hamburg via. Callao... Dec. 11
W. H. Kruger.. Grays Harbor Deo. 12
San Mateo Nanalmo. Dec. 12
Pomona .... Humboldt Dec. 12
Corona Newport |Dec. 12
Crescent City.. Crescent City Dec. 13
Washtenaw .... Tacoma Dec 13
Walla Walla... Victoria & Puget Sound Dec. 1J
Santa Rosa San Diego Dec. 1J
Arcita ¦..;. Coos Bay Dec.,H
Point Arena Point Arena Dec. 13
Neko Hamburg & Way Ports Dec. 15
Coptic China and Japan... Dec. 15
North Fork Humboldt Deo. 16
Steamer.
Destination.
Sails.
Pier.
City Sidney N. T. v. Pan. Dec. 8, 12 m
Pt. Arena.. Point- Arena.. Dec. 8, 2 pm
Fulton Astoria &Ptld Dec. 8. 4 pm
Arcata .... Coos Bay...... Dec. , 8, 12 m
C. Nelson.. Humboldt Dec. 8, , 9 am!
Pomona ... Humboldt..... Dec. 9, 2pm
O. W. Elder Portland Dec. 9, 11 am|
Santa Rosa. San Diego..... Dec. 9. 9 am;
Empire Coos Bay. Dec. 9, 10 am
Mandalay . Coqullle Rlv'r Dec. 9, 10 am
R. Dollar.. Seattle... Dec. JO, 5pm
S. Barbara. Humboldt Dec. 10. 10 am
North Fork Humboldt Dec. 10, 9 'am
Rival Willapa Har.. Dec. 10, 5 pm
Coronado . . Grays Harbor Dec. 10, S pm
Newburg .. Grays Harbor Dec. ll.'o pm
Alliance ... Portl'd&C.B. Dec. 11, 10 am
Bonlta ..... Newport....... Dec. 11, 9 am
Samoa ..... Humboldt Dec. 11, 10 am
Queen ...... San Diego.... Dec. 12, 9am
Senator .... Vic & PkJ f?d. Dec. 12, 11 am
Blerra ..;.. Sydney* Way Dec. 12, a am
Eureka .... Humboldt..... Dec. 12. 9 am
City R. Jan Chlna& Japan Dec. 14,' 1 pm
Czarina "... Seattle & Tac. Dec. 14, 6 pm
Columbia .. Portland Dec. 14, 11am
Corona Newport Dec. 14. 9 am
PMSS
Pier !
Pier 21
Pier I!
Pier !
Pier !
PIer2<
Pier i:
Pier i;
Pier )
Pier 1!
Pier i
Pier :
Pier :
Pier !
Pier 1
Pler 2(
Pier 11
Pier J
Pier 1]
Pier <
Pier 'i
Pleri:
PMSS
Pier {
Pier 2i
Pier 12
O Time Time |Tlme Time
£ — Ft. Ft. Ft. pt'
• H W L. W H W t. • W •
•8... 1:30 4.9 5:65 3.2 11:69 6.0 7-05 ZTT
9... 2:19 6.0 6:61 3.2 12:48 '5.6 7:49
10... 3:04 4.9 7:54 8.2 1:42 5.0 8-30 01
11... 3:60 6.0 9:06 S.2 2:40 4.5 9 : l0 0 7
12 ... 4:33 5.0 10:26 3.0 3:46 4.0 » : 61 12
13... 6:14 6.1 11:45 2.6 '5:01 ; 3.5 1037 17
14 ... 5:55 5.2 12:50 -2.2 6:21 3.2 11:25 2.2
Steamer.
From.
I Due.
Samoa .........". Humboldt Dec. 8
Newburg Grays Harbor....... Dec. 8
City of Para... New York via. Panama Dec. 8
City of Puebla. Victoria & Puget Sound Dec. 8
Mattewan Tacoma Dec. 8
SanXa Barbara. San Pedro Dec. S
Queen San Diego Dec. 9
Bonlta ......... Newport ; Dec 9
Tellus „.. Oyster Harbor..... Dec. 9
Eureka Humboldt Dec. 10
Czarina Seattle Dec. 11
Columbia Portland Dec. 11
Hathor Hamburg via. Callao... Dec. 11
W. H. Kruger.. Grays Harbor Deo. 12
San Mateo Nanalmo. Dec. 12
Pomona .... Humboldt Dec. 12
Corona Newport |Dec. 12
Crescent City.. Crescent City Dec. 13
Washtenaw .... Tacoma Dec 13
Walla Walla... Victoria & Puget Sound Dec. 1J
Santa Rosa San Diego Dec. 1J
Arcita ¦..;. Coos Bay Dec.,H
Point Arena Point Arena Dec. 13
Neko Hamburg & Way Ports Dec. 15
Coptic China and Japan... Dec. 15
North Fork Humboldt Deo. 16
Steamer.
Destination.
Sails.
Pier.
City Sidney N. T. v. Pan. Dec. 8, 12 m
Pt. Arena.. Point- Arena.. Dec. 8, 2 pm
Fulton Astoria &Ptld Dec. 8. 4 pm
Arcata .... Coos Bay...... Dec. , 8, 12 m
C. Nelson.. Humboldt Dec. 8, , 9 am!
Pomona ... Humboldt..... Dec. 9, 2pm
O. W. Elder Portland Dec. 9, 11 am|
Santa Rosa. San Diego..... Dec. 9. 9 am;
Empire Coos Bay. Dec. 9, 10 am
Mandalay . Coqullle Rlv'r Dec. 9, 10 am
R. Dollar.. Seattle... Dec. JO, 5pm
S. Barbara. Humboldt Dec. 10. 10 am
North Fork Humboldt Dec. 10, 9 'am
Rival Willapa Har.. Dec. 10, 5 pm
Coronado . . Grays Harbor Dec. 10, S pm
Newburg .. Grays Harbor Dec. ll.'o pm
Alliance ... Portl'd&C.B. Dec. 11, 10 am
Bonlta ..... Newport....... Dec. 11, 9 am
Samoa ..... Humboldt Dec. 11, 10 am
Queen ...... San Diego.... Dec. 12, 9am
Senator .... Vic & PkJ f?d. Dec. 12, 11 am
Blerra ..;.. Sydney* Way Dec. 12, a am
Eureka .... Humboldt..... Dec. 12. 9 am
City R. Jan Chlna& Japan Dec. 14,' 1 pm
Czarina "... Seattle & Tac. Dec. 14, 6 pm
Columbia .. Portland Dec. 14, 11am
Corona Newport Dec. 14. 9 am
PMSS
Pier !
Pier 21
Pier I!
Pier !
Pier !
PIer2<
Pier i:
Pier i;
Pier )
Pier 1!
Pier i
Pier :
Pier :
Pier !
Pier 1
Pler 2(
Pier 11
Pier J
Pier 1]
Pier <
Pier 'i
Pleri:
PMSS
Pier {
Pier 2i
Pier 12
O Time Time |Tlme Time
£ — Ft. Ft. Ft. pt'
• H W L. W H W t. • W •
•8... 1:30 4.9 5:65 3.2 11:69 6.0 7-05 ZTT
9... 2:19 6.0 6:61 3.2 12:48 '5.6 7:49
10... 3:04 4.9 7:54 8.2 1:42 5.0 8-30 01
11... 3:60 6.0 9:06 S.2 2:40 4.5 9 : l0 0 7
12 ... 4:33 5.0 10:26 3.0 3:46 4.0 » : 61 12
13... 6:14 6.1 11:45 2.6 '5:01 ; 3.5 1037 17
14 ... 5:55 5.2 12:50 -2.2 6:21 3.2 11:25 2.2
STOCK. I Bid. I Asked.
STOCK.
I
Bid.
[
Euckhorn — 5 50
Burlington IS 17
California-Standard . — 40
Caribou 65 6S
Dominion 25 —
Four Oil Co :..;......... 43 45
Hftnford 120 00 —
Hanford-Fre»no-Kern River.... 33 33
Home OU Co 4 45 4 50
Independence 20 —
Ktrn Oil Co 9 00 —
Kern River IS J5 19 00
Lion Oil Co 35 —
McKlttrick Consolidated — 1 48
Monarch of Arizona — 40
Monte Crlsto .. 145 150
Occidental of West Virginia... 66 63
Oil City Petroleum — 33 50
Petroleum Center 17 18
Reed Crude OU Co 46 47
San Francisco & McKlttrick.. 1 WH —
San Joaquln O. & D. Co » 25 9 37H
Sterling: O. & D. Co — J 60
Twenty-eight * *> 2«
Westlake 1 — 23 31
¦West Shore 3 25 3 50
SAILBOAD TRAVEL.
¦oUTfiatKM rAvtnv «uim»t.
(rACIttC ST3T1IX.)
Trains !•«*• »utl «m ••«•• »« »rrl»» Ml
HAN ru A*<:!»«:«».
(Uftin Line. Foot of Market Street)
HAYS — FEOK DtCDtCgB 1. 1300. — *»»!?»
•7:00a. Beniria. 6uisun. Emir*. VaeaTflto.
Hnsisey mn<i Si»cr.»i»«snu> fiil5f
•7««Oa Sh<Mt» E*preaa-D«Tis. WiUUm»(for
Bartlett Sprinss), Willows, Red
Bluit. Portland. »7««r
•7i3O* M»r!iiiex,8»ulUiiK>n,ViUleio. N»pa,
CaUstnomhI rfaitUL Ri>«» •¦•!¦»
•8:«i>a David. Woodland. Knights Laadinc
MarrsTiile, OrOTllle.. »7riS»
•«:O«* Atlantic Ktpresw—Oiffteti »nd East *5li43?
»8:00i. Xilet. Ll»enaor«, Tncy, L»thro&
Stockton »7U3f
••>X»A S»i Joae. Urermore. .Stocktnti.
. - lone. S»er»i.irn«o. PlacsrtaUe.
Muistlite. Chico. lU»USnfT #l»l!»r
•«:3Oa Oaitdaie.Chinese, Soiiora. C*:ters... •<: 1 »P
•»:O«* lUiwanU, NiUs and Way Stations. *l UMt.
•!»:tio\ Lun Aureies Express—M»r!-iiiM,
Tr»cy. Lattirop .SuxHitOD. Merced
Freanio »n«l Loa Anseies *T«lSr
•!»::uu Tall( jo. Marlinvx mu« »Vay Statloiis *»»*^p
• 10:00 a Th« O»erl»nd Umited-Ogdea. Den-
ter. (>>usha Uh'.cag. •S:«Tp
•II:A«a Mlrs, Stockton. Haor»m»nti>, Men-
dote. Frrsno, llanfurd. Vittliit.
ForterTilte •••!»»
'I I:OOa LiTennnre. Sar:(r»r. Go»hen Jons-
tion, Biktrsfit.-ld. txis Angeles
Mil»llp^irr»iii^nt.» V.U*\ Sit- .niifn |3.OR A
" 'JtsOOp Htytruila. Nil<-s aud Way St»Mons. ••¦»:¦!»?
¦ItuurMutlim. Hw K i. ..•>,,. Vallejo,
N:l|>* <¦«:'»(,.<¦>. SanW IttAH. •Ui|."»»
•li««r n-Dieio, WluKn, Saciamento,
1 vVi)i|illiini1. KnivSt* l,»:iiliiijf.
/ M^rjMtittr. H»i»7ill» •••i<S4
•lia»r rUywiriU. Nllt«and Han-Jiwe ?»'»;»\
*3:fM»r> Niies. Li»ermore aod Storkton •l»s»."i.».
9»:OWp suvtt Lioit'ex!. El fiso, StW
Orleiosand K;st. elo:l5*
*3:O»pThe Owl Minlteil-Tnwrf. Fiesno.
!UVcrn(i<-;.l. ,Sau;tts for S»:il» it ir-
• Wo. l*« Aiiwlm. 'I^sISa
•3iO«r New ori> anr Eij>tc«i—lt»kcr>fi«l.l.
s»utH Uorbaxa, l.nsAvj-la I'rm-
in?. Hi l'a.«o. Hew Orleans and
Vm-. "7tl»«
•JI:HOp IliiTwanls. NiltMaiidKaii Jose #7:I"»»
1A:O»r V*lluji» : *»li4:»%
•Ks'siii- Or.iv,t»l Miil-Oz'leti. Ch«Te«>"».
¦ <»iu»!ra. »:nic»c<> *at!5p
*0:«0p O.1oiiUl Ai*il-Og:leR, Denier.
Om*!ia. (I.icico MilSp
•T:OOp O(>:|<<>» and (.:»!if rfi.ii Kx|>imm.Sao-
l»imuili>, M.ujnviiV Kv<MIuk. •
' |-HtlM<!, r«Kf.« K.».i,,a »...l Kant #»i4"»»
•»i«.1p.S»n P»b!o, I'.Trt CuU, Mirti-ez
¦ ¦ . *- simI IVay riutions *1I-43%
t*?"-^P Vallrl-i »11rt.iy
<()Asr DITInIoN |2larr*w l.*»x.<-].
. (F.mt »t Market Strei-t.i
•»:!!»» Kftnsrk.l>iitrriillr..^aii.li>st>.t>'i'lt'!ii,
Ilimiilcrr'x: c--..S;ir.u(jtiiziiii<l Way
Hutioim 'flitop
tStISp Nf w ir!:, Centuriiiie. Kan Joaa, y.-.-v
Dill IMlllw. K Hit... 11. ITilMllius •'rp«ic.
S.mi^ 4'rttx anj. PriiacipsI V.»r.
Still io:, n f »•»>•¦*'»»
• 1:1.1p Newark. M.i.1.Inxc. LnsOatos *.«>»•«
al l:45p Hunien' Excursion, 8ait Joss snd
\v»ysut?on» ;7r»op
CREEK ROUTE FERRY,
rnmsix ravxuu'jo-'jo 1. or u»k*t strr«tis;i»»i—
t7:!5 9:00 UMk.K. 1C3 3:33 S--C3' *.
fM«CilUl(0-ritt.'3r'.«-Jv.j.-f l-..:)0 t&OO tS:C5
lOOOt.M. I3.C3 2:33 t:C3 '3.33I-.M.
COAXT DIVISION (Kroa<l liau^n).
¦ (TlilrJ ntd Townseml HU.)
48:10a Ocean View, riciith .San frandsen.. |«i::l«»p
•?<O»A Kan Jnso ami Way flUUnita iN»v»
A)iua<leu '.Win* .l»j * i.tili) *I>3»p
• •¦out Han .],,«,. Tfw linos, s ...'.» Cm/,
racIHe Ctote. I'wio RoUe^ Sail
I.uis Oliidim, Hurf. I,o:u;>oc and
rrliiclpal Way Stations Mil»j
•10: lilt San Joia and Way .Station* ***33«
•IIiSOa HauJnwaml WayHtatlmia •li:twp
tatir.frt*,, Mat»... llr,i«, ,„!, Mf.i!o ?«k.
Pain Alto, KanU Clara, Han .Juse.
Tres Pines. Santa t'rnz, Salinas,
linuterty and raetlle Grove....*.. M'»i:t«v
fliHOpSan Jossand Way Stattiuis 'Tiaop
f 1:1 Sp San Jn«ean.| Principal WayStatlm.a ¦SMSj
t.">:»«lp San Jon-. Los Gatoa and Principal
Way Stations t»s««»»
•3i.t»r Sail Joae ami i'riuciral Way Stations >KiU|
•6j.1»pS«i.Tofeand TTajStatlous »H:««m
qll;4.*»p8»n Joean.l War .Stations »7:Sl»p
A for Murtilug P fur Aftornnoii.
•I>aUr ? mxemtmd. J Sunday unlj.
ff Mondays. 'W'ednesdayi), Fridays.
e Tu«f itys. Thur.+Uys. Sandiy*.
0 Saturday oul^
CALIF0KN1A NQRTfiWESTEBN RY. CO.
' IjIDSSBS
SAN FRANCISCO AND NORTH PACIFIC
RAILWAY COMPANY.
T1BURON FERRY—FOOT OF MARKET ST.
Ran Francisco to San Rafael.
WEEK DAYS-7:J0. 9:00. ll:C0 a. m.: 12:35. 3:30.
5:10. *:30 p. m. Thursdays-Extra trip at 11:34
p. m. Saturdays —Extra trips at l:Ut and
BUNDAYS^8:00, 9:33. 11:00 a. m.; 1:30. 3:30, 5:00.
(:20 ?. m.
San Rafael to San Francisco.
WEEK DATS—«:10. 1:50. 9:30. 11:10 a. m.: 13:*S.
3 M0. 5:10 p. ra. Saturdays —Extra trips at l:SS
and 6:35 p. m. «
SUNDAYS-S:10. 9:«. 11:10 a. m.; 1:40. 8:40. 5:05.
6:M.0- m.
Between San Francisco and Schuetzen Park.
same schedule as above.
Leave | - In Effect I Arrive
I San Francisco. 1 Nov. 7. 1SC0. | San Francisco.
Week I Sun- J I Sun- I Week
Days, f days, f Destination. ( days. | Days.
7:30 am 8:00 am Novato. 10:40 ami S:<0 am
t:30 pm 9:30 am Petaluma, 6:05 pm.10:25 am
t:10pm 6:00 pm Santa Rosa. 7:35 pm| «:K pro
Fulton.
7:30 am Windsor. 10:23 am
Healdsburs.
Lytton. •
Oyservllle,
1:30 pm 8:00 am Cloverdale. 7:33 pm 1:33 pm
7:S0aml I Hopland I I
I 8:CO ami and Uklah. f 7:35 pm; <:22 pm
7:30 am! 10:25 am
] 8:00 am Ouerneville. 7:35 pm
5:30 pml | t:Z2 pm
7:30 am 8:C0 ami Sonoma I 9:15 am S:40 am
.I aad I
5:10 pm 5:00 pm] Glen Ellen, f 6:C3 pm 6:22 pm
7:30 ami t:C0aml 110:40 am[10:23 aro
3:J0 pml 5:00 prnj Sebastopol. I 7:35 pm| 8:22 pra
SUices connect at Santa Rosa tor Mark West
Bprtng-s and White Sulphur Springs; at Fulton
for Altrurla; at Lytton fcr Lytton Springs; it
Geyserville for Skaggs Sprlnya; at Cloverda!«
for the Geysers; at Hopland for Duncan
Bprlnnn, Highland Springs, Kelseyvllle. Carls-
bad Springs. Soda Bay. Lakeport and Bart'ett
Spring's; at Ukiah for Vichy Springs, Saratoga
Springs. Blue Lakes. Laurel Dell Lake. Witter
Springs. Upper Lake, Pomo. Potter Valley,
John Day's. Riverside. Uerley*», BuckneU'a.
£anh»drln Heights. Hullville. Orr"s Hot Springs.
Mer.doclno City. Fort Bra*g. 'Wefitport. V3al.
Wlllets, Laytonvlle, Cu mm Ings. Bell's Springs.
Harris. Olsens. Dyer, Scotia and Eureka.
Saturday to Monday round-trip tlcketwat re-
duced rates.
On Sundays, round-trip tickets to all points
beyond San Rafael at half rates.
Ticket office, 430 Market at.. Chronicle build*
inff. R- X. RYAN.
H. C. WHITING. Gen. Pass. Ait.
Gen. Manazer. #
NORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD.
Via Sausallto Ferry.
Commencing September 3u. 1300.
FROM SAN FRANCISCO TO MILL. VALL£T
AXD SAN RAF ABU
WEEK DAYS—<:55. 11;00 a. m.. "1:45.
3:15. 4:00. 6:15. *S:15, 6:40 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS—For MiU Valley and San
Rafael on Mondays. Wednesdays and Sat-
urdays at 9:00 and 11:33 p. in.
SUNDAYS—•8:00. *10:0O. *U:30 a. ra.. I.U.
2:15. -4:45. 6:30, 9:00 p. m.
Trains marked <•) run to San Quentin.
FROM SAN RAFAEL TO SAX FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS—«:20. M:30. 7:45. 9:30 a, ra.
•12:30. 1:45. *3:3O, 4:30. 5:W p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays, Wednesdays
and Saturdays at 6:45 and 10:20 p. m.
SUNDAYS—«:20. •8:00. »10:00. *11:45 a. m.
•1:40. •2:15. 4:«. •«:») p. m.
Trains marked <*) start from San Quentin.
FROM MILL. VALLEY TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS-6:43, 1:45. 7:55. 9:30 a. ra..
11:35. 2:10. J:W. 4:54. 5:20 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays. Wednesdays
and Saturdays at 7:10 and 10:20 p. m.
SUNDAYS—8.05. 10:05 a. ra.. 12:05, 2:15. 1:30.
B:CO. 6:45 p. m.
THROUGH TRAIN&
6:55 a. ra. week days—Caiadero and way sta-
tions.
¦1:45 p. m. Saturdays—Tomales and way sta-
tions.
8:00 a. ra. Sundays—Tomales and way sta-
Santa Fe ,
Trains— Daily
Leave Mark it-street Ferry Depot.
Vrt. San Francisco. 9:00 a ra 4:13 p mi 8:00 p ra
Arr. 8tocktun 12:30 p m 7:15 p m 11:05 p nt
" Merced 1:42 p m ——— 1:1* a m
•• Fresno «:» p m »:05 a ra
¦ ** Vlnalla 6:'.'O p m 4:50 a n»
•• TuUre 6:22 pm 5:10 a ra
•* Hanfort 1:33 pm 7:04 am
• Bakersfield ... i:50 p m 7:30 a ra
•• Denver 19:0C a m »
•• Kansas City — 5:15 p as
•*. .. Chicago 7:40 am
1 a. m. train is th« Overland Express. Corro-
apondlr.e train arrives at 6 p. m. daily.
* 4:111 c. m. is Stockton Local. Corresponding
train arrive* 11:05 a. m. dally.
1:00 j>. m. is Fresno and Bakersfleid Express.
with Sleeping Cars fcr both cities. CorrvspctuW
tug train arrives at S a. m. dally, nwa^
OFFICES—641 Martet st. and In Ferry Depot*
&LB. Frandaeo: Ills Broadway. Oakland.
a Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
fJlil) KEABXY ST. Established
In 1S5 I for the treatment nt Prlvxte
Di«»-»»es. I^wt Manaond. Dobiiity or
ilKfasf wearlrtfron body and mind and
Skin Diseases. The Doctor enrf-s when
others fail. Try him. ('barges low.
4'nre> snarantred. Cnll or write.
l>r. J. I*. UlliKO."\, titui Francisco, Cat. _ .
RAILROAD TRAVEL.
• • Success : is -, the 7 ope ¦ crime V some • people
refuse to forgive in their friends.
SSBBHBHr^HHHHHEBHlBHHI
(Successor to Flannagan & Gallagher)
DAJUEL. P. DONOVAN. Mgr.
FX.KERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALMER3.
36 Flits »t.. opposite Lincoln BcaooL
Telephcs* South SO.
HENRY J. GALLAGHER CO.,
Far*, (aa Francisco to Summit and Return,
§»«•.-— • ' .- •-•;••¦• -
NEW TAVERN OP TAMALPAIS NOW OPIN.
Tickat otacea. 62 Market at_ Bausallto Ferry,
• Leaves San Fnnclaco, Tia Bausallto Fwrj:
WEEK DAYS.. ..9:16 a. m. ; 1:45 and 4:00 p. ra.
SUNDAYS 1:00. 10:00. 11:30 aad 1:13 p. m.
MOUNT TAMALPAIS RAILWAY
+ Feck's Bad Boy come to life ?
?¦ again? No, just grown older ?•
¦*" and funnier than he •was flf- +
teen years ago. George W.
+ Peck will give you an intro-
4. duction to him as he now is in +
+ next Sunday's Call, and then +
be prepared to laugh, for Mr.
+ Peck will write exclusively for.
¦4- The Call a series of papers on +
+ the world-famous Bad Boy and +
"*" what he is doing now. These
articles are even funnier than T^
+ those of the old original bad +
+ boy. Be in the swim and keep +
-?- your, eyes open for them. 4-
JACOBS— In this city, December 7. 1800, Au-
gusta Jacobs, a native of Germany, aged 23
years £ months and 7 days.
JOHNSON— In this City. December «, 1800. Hat-
tle Hoadley. only daughter of Mary H. Jobn-
eon. a native of Cincinnati. Ohio.
CTTriends are respectfully Invited to at-
tend the funeral service* this day (Saturday),
at 11 o'clock, at tfce chapel of Odd Fellows
Crematory. ¦¦¦¦CMSMHB'
JOHNSON— In this city, December 7. 1900.
James P. Johnson, a native of Denmark, aged
£6 years. «-
KAYSSER— In Freano, December 6. 1900. Oscar
Kaysser, a native of Dillenburg. Germany,
eged 8> years 6 months and 16 days. (German
paiier* please copy.)
CT'Friands and acquaintances are respect-
fully ini-ltea to attend the funeral to-morrow
'Sunday), at 9 o'clock, from the parlors of
H&lsted &. Co.. 946 Mission street. Interment
'-Ypress Lawn Cemetery, by electric car frotn
Eighth and Harrison streets.
KELLEHER— In this dty. December 6. 1900.
. '.' i' mil Kelleher, dearly beloved son of
Michael and Margaret Kelleher, and beloved
brother of John. Edward, Daniel, James.
Michael Jr., Margaret and Agnes Kelleher
¦ and Mrs. E. Uoran and Mre. J. Conerton, a
native of Ban Frandeco, aged 34 years 5
- months and 23 days.
CTTriends and acquaintance* are respect-
ARMSTRONG— In this city, December 6, 1900,
James, beloved husband of the late Ellra-
bfth Armstrone. and father of Mrs.
A. H. Wheeler Lendrum. George. William.
Frederick. Henry. Alfred. Florence and Ed-
win ArmstrcT-.g, a native cf Ireland, aged 63
jcars.
CTTriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
• Saturday), at 10 o'clock, from hie late resi-
dence. 301* Moss etreet. Interment Cyprw's
U*!i Cemetery, by carriage.
ANTHONY— In this city. December 7, 1300, at
the parents' residence. £22 Natoma. street.
Jarr.ee II.. dearly beloved son of Florence and
Jimmy Anthony, a nativ« of San Francisco,
aged 1 year 3 months and & days.
C7"The funeral will take place to-morrow
'Sunday), et 11 o'clock. Interment private,
:n Holy Cross Cemetery.
BROWN— In this city, December 7. 1900. James
Franklin Brown, a native of Kentucky, aged
77 jears.
CARRICK— la tfcls city. December 8. 1900. Rose,
¦ dearly beloved wife of Daniel Carrick. mother
of lUjf-le A.. Thomas F.. Daniel F.. Nellie L,
Frank P.. Mary T. and Jennie B. Carrick,
and cister of Ellen Connor, a native of
County Meath. Ireland, aged 58 years. Brook-
lyn. N. Y.. papers please copy.)
CTKriends and accualntances are respect-
fully invited to cttend the funeral to-morrow
'Sunday), «x 12:30 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 1305 Sanchez street, thence to St. Paul's
<*h»rch for services. A solemn requiem mass
will be celebrated for the repose of her soul,
commencing at S o'clock. Tuesday, December
11. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
CHERKY— In tiis city, December 7. 1*00, Glenn
G.. beloved sen of Stella B. and J. L. Cherry,
a r.ative of Springfield, 111., a^ed 17 years 2
months and H> days. 1
DICKINSON— In this city. December e. 1900.
Susan 1j . belo\-ed wife of John J. Dickinson,
and mother of Frank Dickinson and Cora
I'lckinson Fuller, a native of Virginia, aged
72 years.
CyFriende and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
• Saturday), at 2 o'clock, from the parlors of
the California Undertaking Company. 405
Powell street, near Post. Interment Odd
FVllons' Cemetery.
DOWE-In this dty. December 7, 1900, Lurilne.
beloved daughter of Duane W. and Mazl* M.
Dowe. a native of Oakland. Cal., ag<ed i years
10 months and U days.
CFriends ar* respectfully Invited to at-
tend the funeral to-morrow (Sunday), at 1:30
o'clock, at Odd Fellows' Chapel. Interment
I. O. O. F. Cemetery.
ELLERY— In this city. December 7, 1900, Jessie,
belovad daughter of Franklin and Ellen E.
Ellery. and sister of Frank. Nathaniel.
George and Haxal ESlery. Mrs. O. O. Oll-
lextfl and Mre. Dwigbt Loofborrow, a native
of Eureka, Cal., aged 34 years 7 months and
1 day. (Boston paper* pleast copy.)
Cy Remains at the funeral parlors of
Charles H. Jacob A. Co.. 81£ Mason street, be-
tween CFarrell and Geary. Funeral and In-
terment at Eureka, Humboldt County, Cal.
TLYNN— In this city. December 6, 1900. Mary
T. P. Flynn. beloved wife of Hugh Flynn.
and mother of Hurh Francis Flynn. a native
of Tuolumne County. California, need 44
years 10 months and 6 days. (Canadian pa-
' pers please copy.)
CTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day ,
(Saturday), at 10:30 o'clock, from her late
residence. 82* Minna etreet, thence to St.
Patrick's Church, where a solemn high ,maes
will be celebrated for the repose of her^oul,
commencing at 11 o'clock. Interment Mount
Cal\-ary Cemetery.
Anthony. James M. Kroplin, Henrietta
Armstrong:. Jair.ee Lund. Oeorge C.
Brown. James F. MaerKvnl*, dlen
Carrick. Rose M'ii«i>kboujie,John J.
Cherry. Glenn O. Murphy, John
Dickinson. Eusaa D. O'Neill. Gladys J.
Dowe. Lurllne Raicevich. Victoria
Ellery. Jessie Randall. Xora A.
Flj-na. Mary T. P. JUley. James P. .
Jacobs. AuruEta Pcott. William
Johnson. Hattle H. Silva, John
Johnson. James P. Werner. Robert
Kay«*er. Oecar Whiting;, Anna. C.
Kelleher. Thomas Zekind. George H.
Kohn. Alice M.
DIED.
LVTZ— ROBINSON— In this city. December 6.
UOflL by the Rev. 6. D. HutEinpiller, William
G. Luu and Nellie M. Robinson, both of San
Franrieco.
PETERSEX— ANDERSEK— In Oakland. De-
cember 1. lSOft. by the Rev. S. H. Madsen of
Hay wards. Thorvald Petersen and Maria A.
Andersen, both of Oakland.
WHOP.F— KNOX-ln Seattle. Wash.. November
11, line), by the R*v. Edwin Randall. William
<J. Wfcort of Keani. Alaska, and I<enore C.
K!K« of Altmrta. Cal.
BORN.
FUPELIER— In this city. December T. 1900, to
the wife of John F. Fuselier. a uon.
MURRAY— In this city, December 3, 1900, to
the wife of Harry Murray, a daughter.
PIERCE-In this city. November 28. 1900. to
the wife of Abraham Lincoln Pierce, a son.
PRICE— In Ocean View. November 25, 1900, to
the wife of F. S. Price, a »on.
FTONE— In this city, to the wife of Leon D.
Strne. a daughter.
EIBTHS — MARRIAGES — DEATE&
Birth, marriage and do«th notice* sent by
rr.ail will not be inserted. They must be handed
in at «ither of the publication ofnees and be
tr-Sorsed with the name and residence of per-
¦ona authorized to have the same published.
Tee following marriage licenses were Issued
yeeterflaj-: , -» .-
Oscar Lw Benson. 19. Oakland, and Amanda
8. Johnson, 29. Oakland.
William G. Anderson. £5. Boston, Mass., and
Jes?l« B. Woodard, :5. Sutter Creek.
ExJward Young. £«. 8416 Eighteenth street, and
K<3ith Shuman. 27, city.
Ralvatr.r BalUtrlere. S3. Sinvj B«tt«q-y etreet.
end Oiovanna AMato. 19. 15 Vanflewater street.
William G. Lutz. 38. Windsor Hrtel. and Nel-
Mo M. licb'.nson. », Windsor Hotel.
E LICENSES.
DIVIDEND notice— The Giant Powder Com-
rany. Con.: A dividend. No. 24. of eeventy-
nve c»nt* <75c) per share on the Issued capi-
tal Ftock of the company has been declared
livable at the office of the company, 430
California Ft., San Francisco, en December
19, 15*0- Transfer books close December 3.
:i>i)n. at noon. A. A. SPARKS. S<»cretary.
DIVIDEND Notice.— Dividend No. 22 (thirty
cents per ehtre) of the Paauhau Sugar Plan-
tation Co.. will be payable at the office of the
company, 227 Market St.. on and after Mon-
day. December 10. 1900. Transfer books will
close on Tuesday. l>ecember 4, 1900. at 3
o'clock p. m. E. H. SHELDON, Secretary.
ODD FELLOWS' Saxlncs Bank, room 7, :«0
Montgomery st.— Dividend No. 17 In liculda-
tlon. being two and three-eighths (2H) per
cent on ail deposits, will be payable at said
bark on and after TUESDAY. November 20.
1S00; total amount of dividends declared in
liquidation, eighty-nine , and seven eighths
(SS**) i#r cent.
JAMES BENSON. Secretary.
Pan Francisco. November 1». 1900.
ALWAIS bargains In typewriter*; any make.
Write for prices to L. & M. ALEXANDER.
IIP Montgomery «t.
TVPE\VRlTEn.S AXD SUPPLIES.
GREAT BARG^lNls^^YP^WTtlTERS^Wo
fell better machines for less money than any
house In the city; rentals. %i. The Typewriter
Exchange. £36 California: telephone Main Zti.
<LOT MACHINES.
FOUGHT ar.d eold; new and second-band; laree
display; very rheap. 11<7 Market. bet.Tth & Sth.
V'lLSON BROS., storage and moving; covered
rmna. Tenth and Market; rhone South 762.
STORAGE AXD WAREHOUSES.
r"KIXS Van and Storage Co.. 7J2 Mission St.;
ML Main :m •. shipping at cut rates.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cent*— The Weekly Call.
If pares. In wrapper, for mailing, tl per year.
I,EAKY tin roof* ralcted and repaired. Rocms
Zf-V. CO* Montgomery, tel. Main E52S.
vaD tenants ejected for Ul collections mad*;
rtty cr country. PACIFIC COLLECTION CO..
<1J Montgomery st.. rooms 8-10; teL B5S3.
NOTICE— Abandoned children In the Roman
Catholic Orphan Asylum since July 1. 1899:
Irene Valdex. age S years; Laretto Duran, 7;
Madeline Duran, 6; Ray Croal, 8.
CTNotice of funeral hereafter.
ZEKIND— In Grass Valley, December 6, 1900.
Georre H.. beloved son of Solomon and the
late Juliet Zekind. brother of Mrs. D. A.
L«-vy. and grandson of George Aronson of
Alameda, Cal.. a native of " San Francisco,
aeed So years 4 months and 11 days.
C7 Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral services
to-morrow (Sunday), at 10:15 o'clock, at the
residence of Mr. P. N. Aronson. 1S48 Geary
street. Interment Hills of Eternity Ceme-
tery, by 11:JO o'clock train from Third and
Townsend streets.
ICTFuneral from St. Catherine's Church.
Martinez, Cal.. to-morrow (Sunday), at 10
o'clock.
RIL^Y— In this city. December 6. 1900, James
Philip, beloved eon of Alice and the late
Philip Riley. a native of San Francisco, aged
S2 years.
SCOTT — In the City and County Hospital, De-
cember 7. 1900. William Scott, a native of
New Ycrk. aged 63 years.
SILVA— In this city, December 7. 1900. John
Sllva, beloved father of Joseph and M&ggi*
Sllva, and uncle of Joseph and J. C. Al-
varez, a native of Portugal, aged 60 yea.r*».
C7Friends anj acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), at 8:30 o'clock, from tiie parlors of
J. S. Godeau, 805 Montgomery, avenue, thence
to Nueetra Senora de Guadalupe's Church,
comer Broadway and Mason street, where a
requiem mass will be celebrated for the re-
pose of her soul, commencing at 9 o'clock.
Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
WERNER— In this city. December 6. 1900. Rob-
ert "Werner, dearly beloved brother of Mrs,.
Wanda Mayer. Mrs. Hulda S^ltz and Oswald
Krenz, a native of Germany, aped S9 years 1
month and 2f> day* A member of Yerba
Kuena Laae«r No. 8 and Pacific Stamm No.
es, v. o. r. m.
IT^ Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), at 10 o'clock, fn>m the Independent
Order of Red Men's Hall, 510 Bush street,
where services will be held under the aus-
pice* vt Pacific Stamm Xo. 66. U. O. R. M.
Interment I. O. O. F. Cemetery. Remains at
the funeral parlors of H. F. Maass. 917 Mls-
Eion street.
WHITING— In this city, December 7, 1900.
Anna C, wife of James 'U*. Whiting, and
mother of Carrie M. Whitins 1 . Mrs. J. K.
Firth of San Francisco and Mrs. E. J.
Doerlns of Chicago.
emn requiem hlKh mass will be celebrated for
the repose of his soul, commencing Jit 9:45
o'clock. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
O'NEILL—In this city. December 6. 1900. Gladys
Josephine, beloved daughter of Joseph and
Kitty O'Neill, and granddaughter of Charles
and Hannah Myers and Edward and the late
Marj' O'Neill, a native of San Pranc'.seo, aged
1 year 7 months and 16 days.
C7The funeral will take place this day
<Saturday). at 12:80 o'clock, from the parents'
residence, 1J11A Howard street. Interment
Holy Cross Cemetery.
RAICEVICH-In this city. December 6, 1900,
Victoria, infant daughter of Bozo and the
late Nina Raicevich. a native of San Fran-
cl«oo. aeo-1 7 months and 15 days.
RANDALL — In Concord, Cal., December 7.
1900. Nora A., beloved wife of E. J. Randall.
and daughter of Captain and Mrs. L. A, An-
derson, a native of Pacheco. Cal.
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(fcaturday). at 12:45 o'clock, from the parlors
of th.» Gantner &. Guntz Undertaking Com-
pany. 1109 Mission street, betwe«n Eighth
and Ninth, thyce to St. James Church, cor-
ner Twenty-tHlrd and Guerrero streets. . for
services, commencing at 1:30 o'clock. Inter-
ment Holy does Cemetery.
K f>HN-— In this city. December 7. , 1900. Alice
Mathilda, beloved wife of Henry I*. Kohn.
a native of Mecklenburg. Schwerin, Germany,
**f£. *7 > earB 9 months and 12 days.
. tCTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), at 10:39 o'clock, from the parlors of
A. \\. Martin & Co., IIS Geary street. Inter-
ment Home of Peece Cemetery, by 11:30
o clock train from Third and Townsend
streets.
KROPLIN- In this city. December 7. 1900. Hen-
rietta. Kroplln. beloved wife of Bernhard
Kroplln. a native of Denmark, aged SI years
10 months and U days.
L £ ND — In th!s clt y« December 5. 1900. George
Clifford, beloved son of August and Dasmar
L*md. and brother of Paul Leslie Ixmd. a
native of San Kranclsco. aped 3 months and
5 days.
ETFrlends are respectfully Invited to at-
tend the funeral to-morrow (Bunday), at 2
o'clock, from the residence of his parents,
35 Willow avenue, between Eddy and Ellle,
Polk and Laxkin streets. Interment Laurel
Hill Cemetery.
MAGOONIS— In this city. December 7. 1900,
Kllen Maeoonls. beloved wife of the late
Zacharlas Macedonia, and mother of John.
James and George Ma^oonis and the late
Thomas and Christine Maffoonls. a native of
County Kilkenny, Ireland, aged 65 years. !
MOREHOUSE— In this city. December 6. 1900,
John J., beloved husband of Melvina More-
house, father of John. Mabel, Guy, Melvina
and Clifford Morehouse. and brother of C. C.
Morehoupe. a native of Bear River. Nova
Scotia, aged 37 years 3 months and 6 days.
< Boston. Mass.. and Weymouth. Nova Scotia,
Papers please copy.)
C7 Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), at 2 o'clock, from the Mission Ma-
ei>nic Temple, under the auspices of Mission
I^odce Xo. 169. F. and A. M. Interment
Mount Olivet Cemetery, by electric car.
MURPHT-In this city, December 5. 1*0, John
Murphy, beloved husband of Annie Murphy,
father of Jeremiah Murphy, and brother of
Cornelius and Patrick Murphy, a native of
County Tipperary. Ireland, aged 33 years.
CT Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
fSaturday), at 9 o'clock, from the parlors of
J. C. O'Connor & Oo., 767 Mission street.
SPECIAL NOTICES.
DIVIDEND \OTICES.window and a window at the end of the
hall fanned the flames.
Mrs. Dowe and a roomer named W. R.
Wells, attracted by the Screams of the
child, ran' into the hallway and covered
her with a blanket, extinguishing the
llames, but relief came too late, the up
per part of the unfortunate child's body
belng'fearfully burned.
Dr. T. J. Crowley of 602 Franklin street
was called in and did all that medical sci
ence could suggest to relieve the pain and
overcome -the effects of the shock, but all
his efforts were futile and the little suf
ferer expired at half past 3 o'clock yes
terday morning.
Mr. Dowe, the father of Lurline. Is a
traveling agent for a photographic supply
house and was absent in the country at
the .time the accident occurred. He was
at once apprised by a telegram' of the
terrible affliction that had visited him.
At a meeting of the Society for ''the
Prevention' of Cruelty to Children held
last Thursday, -Secretary M. : J. White's
report showed that during. the'past month
there were 114 - children -relieved, flfty-
"Humane Society's Good "Work.
The quarterly meeting of the members
of the Mechanics' Institute, will be held
to-night" at Mechanics' Library. Nomin
ations will be made for trustees to be
elected next February and an amendment
to the constitution in regard to changing
the system of voting for trustees will be
considered. Reports of the officers will
also be presented.
Mechanics' Institute Meeting.
Examination for Deputy Registrars.
Tlje Civil Service Commission ; held an
examination 7 for' deputy "registrars " ye's
terday in the city Hall. Twenty-six ap
plicants took, the test, which comprised
questions on the election law and sums In
arithmetic. " '
The Supervisors' Joint Committee on
Health an* Judiciary reported yesterday
in favor of the ordinance to prevent the
manufacture and sale of food adulterants
Attorney J. C. Campbell, representing cer
tain manufacturers of a food preservative
objected to the absence of the word "dele
terious" in the draft of the original ordi
nance and It was amended to read that
"it shall be unlawful to manufacture, sell
or give away any deleterious arug mix
ture to be used In the preservation of any
article of food or drink used for human
consumption." Campbell stated that his
clients did not fear such an ordinance, as
they claimed that their preservative ar
ticle was not deleterious.
Against Food Adulterants.
The annual before-Christmas exhibition
of framed pictures, showing all the new
effects in Flemish, old Dutch and ebony
frames, with tinted mats to match, is now
going on at Sanborn. Vail & Co.'s.. 741
Market street. All the newest pictures in
Copley prints, platinum, sepia and color to
be seen there. You will feel fully repaid
for the time spent In viewing the same. •
Exhibition of Pictures.
• 'and Proves It.
Jane E. Johanne proved before Judge
Bahrs yesterday her allegation that when
she married George Johanne she was un
conscious of the step she was taking.
She testified that she was stupid from the
effects .of beer. Mary H. Howard, her
mother, corroborated her and Judge
Hahrs issued a decree annulling: their
marriage.
George Flood, a salesman of this city,
has filed answer to the action for divorce
instituted by Alice Flood. The couple
were married at Sausalito, November 26
1892. and Mrs. Flood charges her husband
with having committed personal violences
upon her at the Marlborough Hotel. Xew
York, in February of 1893, again at Kobe
Japan, and again at 128 West One-hun
dred-and-twelfth street. New York. Flood
enters a general denial. and asks that his
wife's application for divorce be denied
' Suits for divorce were filed yesterdav
by Rebecca J. Dreyer against Georg^
Dreyer for intemperance. Jennettie Fra
ser against Robert Fraser for cruelty
and Ella R. Dunlap against James ¦ W
Dunlap. for desertion.
Laura M. Park was granted a divorce
yesterday from William W. Park on the
ground of .desertion. 1
Says She Was Stupefied by .Beer
When Ceremony Was Performed,
JANE E. JOHAUNFS
MARRIAGE IS ANNULLED
Camera Supplies.
Cameras, photographic supplies, kodaks,
albums for unmounted photographs, print*
ins and developing. Sanborn, Vail & Co.,
741 Market street. . •
Petitions In insolvency were filed yester
day in th*> United States District Court
as follows: Hiram Cameron, mechanic.
Stockton, liabilities $3104 24. no assets; \V.
Cj Hampton, farmer. Fair Oaks. San Joa
qj?n County, liabilities $S75 80, assets $23
Petitions in Insolvency.
Henry Scott, machinist. 9 Eighth
street, swore to a complaint in Judge
Mogan's court yesterday for the arrest
of Thomas Sweeney, a saw filer in the
same building, on a charge of grand lar
cenv. Scott stated that last Wednesday
he attended the funeral of a friend and
when he returned he discovered that his
money bag containing $1CO, and some of
his tools had been stolen. He reported
the facts to the police and Detective
Bailey discovered the money bag con
taining $60 and Scott's tools in Sweeney's
tool chest.
Angelo Tisso, a bootblack at Second and
Market streets, was held to answer be
fore the Superior Court yesterday by
Judge Conlan on a charge of assault with
a deadly weapon in $1000 bonds. He and
his partner. Frank Sylvester, quarreled
and about three weeks ago he lay in wait
for Sylvester at Vallejo and Kearny
streets and struck him on the head with
an Iron bar. knocking him down and in
flicting an ugly wound on his scalp.
Francisco Custllloni, 600 Francisco
street, swore to a complaint In Judge
Cabaniss' court yesterday for the arrest
of Felipe Costa on a charge of assault
to murder. Costa is a tenant of Custilloni,
who called upon him Wednesday nlcht
for his rent. A fight ensued during which
Custllloni was severely cut with a knife.
Costa, who was also cut, was arrested
yesterday afternoon.
John E. Malone. who stole the propeller
of the steamer Robert Dollar, weighing
two tons, from J. H. Finn's yard, 324
Berry street, and sold it to a Junk dealer
for $7, was convicted by Judge Mogan
yesterday - on a charge of petty larceny
and sentenced to five months in the
County Jail.
the Arrest of Thomas
Sweeney.
ACCUSES A FRIEND OF
STEALING HIS MONEY
Henry Scott Secures a Warrant for
Mrs. AJvin A. Demuth Tells a Thrill
ing Tale of a Drink-Crazed
Man's Act.
Mrs. Alvin A. Demuth, wife of a por
trait painter at 2131 OTarrell street, re
lated in Judge Conlan's court yesterday
the particulars of a thrilling experience
Fhe had with her hu?band Wednesday
night. H(? »as in court on a charge of
disturbing the peace on complaint of J.
C Flugper, a friend of the couple, of 2200
Point Lobos avenue.
"My husband came home under the in
fluc-nce of liquor," she said, "and began to
abuse me. He threw me on the floor and
Feizin? a razor threatened to cut my
throat. For about fiftf-en minutes he
held me on the floor and had his left
hand among my hair, forcing my head
back. He kept making imaginary slashes
at ray throat with the razor and once
he cut the flesh slightly. I expected every
moment that ho would carry out his
threat, but he finally desisted.
"When Mr. Flugger called I told him
of my psp«>rirnce and he was so incensed
that he said he would swear out a war
rant for my husband's arrest."
The Judge convicted Demuth on the
fharc of disturbing the peace and in-
Ftructed Mrs. Demuth to swear out a
warrant for his arrest on the charge of
thriiit? against life, which was done and
he v,a? booked on the «-harge. Demuth
Is employed at 1236 Market street.
HOLDS A RAZOR AT
HIS WIFE'S THROAT
C. M. Belshaw. who will represent the
counties of Marin ¦ and Contra Costa in
"I decide to withdraw from the con
test because I believe that harmony will
be promoted in the Republican ranks by
the election of Mr. Anderson. His-fair
ness and ability as a presiding officer, as
shown In the last regular and in the extra
session of the Legislature, entitle him to
recognition. He is impartial and capable,
and there Is a, strong sentiment through
out the State in favor of electing him
Speaker for a full term."
Assemblyman Dunlap came to the city
yesterday to attend the session of the
Educational Convention.
Alden Anderson of Solano County will
probably be re-elected Speaker of the
Assembly by unanimous consent of the
Republicans. Signs of a contest at Sac
ramento seem to be vanishing. Assembly
man F. E. Dunlap of San Joaquin, who
has been quite prominently spoken of as
a candidate for Speaker, yesterday an
nounced his withdrawal from the race
and openly expressed the wish that his
friends would support the candidacy of
Mr. Anderson.
Speaking on this topic last night Mr.
Dunlap said:
F. E. Dunlap Withdraws
From Race in Favor of
Alden Anderson.
SPEAKERSHIP
OF ASSEMBLY
A. \V. Branch of San Francisco is in the
field as a candidate for Chief Clerk of tho
Assembly. He has served two torms as
Assistant Chief Clerk of the House and
one term as Assistant Secretary of the
Senate. "
C. W. Pendleton, Assemblyman-elect
Seventy-fourth District, arrived from Los
Angeles yesterday.
A. E. Muenter, who was recently chosen
by a large majority to represent San Joa
quln County in the State Senate, Is in San
Francisco.
t^Y,- ?^ Melick, editor of the Pasadena
Daily News, is in town attending the con
vention of educators. Mr. Melick was re
cently chosen for the third time to repre
sent the Seventieth Assembly District in
the Legislature.
the State Senate, was in the city yester-
A FEARFUL death overtook little
Lurline Dowe, the 10-year-old
daughter, of Mr. and Mrs. C. ,W.
Dowe of 70S Golden Gate avenue,
yesterday, morning. The * little
girl, who was more than ordinarily bright
and lovable for her years, was literally
roasted before the eyes of her horror
stricken mother.
The awful accident occurred-* at .8
o'clock Thursday evening. Lurline had
occasion to go into the bathroom, and it
It 'being very dark she scratched a matcH
on the carpet. The blaze caught in the
light material of her dress and in an.In
stant she was enveloped in flames. Mad
dened with the pain the girl ran "scream
ing from the room into the hall, and as
she ran the draught from the bathroom
The new management is impressed with
the belief that the company will gain
business, gain popularity and save money
by getting out of' politics. No doubt the
political strikers who are on the com
pany's payroll at present, and others who
expect to get there, will set up a roar of
protest and threaten all sorts of direful
calamities In the linfe of hostile legislation
if their boasted protection , of the co'm-'
pany's- interests is not recognized, but
such threats should not alarm the new
management. The Legislature and courts
of California can be trusted to accord to
railroad property • the same measure j of
protection that is given to other kinds of
property.
Strict adherence to the new policy of
non-interference in politics will ' bring
about a ¦ reduction in the payroll of the
corporation. It is true that several con
spicuous workers for the company are
State officers who draw compensation
from the State treasury, but In return the
company carries for them a lot of dead
wood that could .be thrown overboard
without hindrance to the legitimate busi
ness of railroading. The expense of sub
sidizing newspapers, maintaining a lobby
at the Legislature and . carrying free on
all trains a gang of political strikers
could be cut off. The saving which could
be readily effected would more than offset
the Increased taxes resulting from fair as
sessment of railroad ' property by the
State Board of Equalization.
No doubt the new policy of the company
was foreshadowed before the recent gen
eral election. It is known that W. F.
Herrin'a contribution to the Republican
State campaign did not exceed $500. and
there is no ground for suspecting that a
larger sum was directly contributed to the
Democratic campaign fund. A large sum,
however, was used In efforts to defeat
Charles M. Belshaw, the Republican nom
inee for State Senator - to represent the
counties of Marln and Contra Costa.
"The Southern Pacific Is out ot politics
and will, stay out. The road shall here
after be "tonducted on purely business
lines. The new president. Mr. Hays,, is
in thorough" accord with this idea. I see
the San Francisco papers speak highly of
his attainments as a railroad man. 1 am
glad the newspapers know of his worth.
He will convince the people of California
that he Is all right. He will give his time
and attention to the business of man
aging the road, leaving affairs political to
the keeping of the politicians."
Mr. Speyer gave special emphasis to the
declaration that the new management
had firmly resolved to adhere to the line
of railroad business pure and simple, and,
above all things, to keep clear of political
entanglements.
It is called to mind by leading politi
cians that C. P. Huntington, after mass-
Ing his forces and dethroning Leland
Stanford from the presidency of the cor
poration, declared publicly that the com
pany was out of politics, and would keep
out, provided the management was not
compelled to re-enter the Held in order to
protect its property.
Mr., Huntington did Institute a tem
porary change for the better. The pay
roll of the- company was revised and
many lawyers, lobbyists, writers and
rounders 1 who had been receiving annual
compensation ! from the treasury of the
road were dismissed. When they got their
walking papers they began to -concoct
schemes for re-establishing themselves
in the favor of the management. They
clearly perceived that danger of hostile
legislation would alarm the company and
suggest the employment of men to -de
feat all measures formed for "cinching"
the road. Whether the danger was real
or imaginary Is yet an open question.
The truth ia, however, thai Mr. Hunt
ington authorized the law department to
create or recreate a political bureau. The
result, so far - «is It affected the company,
was unprofitable and unfortunate. The
chief of the law department did not pos
sess either the. skill or ability of his pre
decessor. His methods of manipulation
weie clumsy t-nd amateurish. He expend
ed just enough money to arouse the greed
of the underlings and not sulflclent to at
tain the purpose In view. In political
management affairs went from bad to
worse, until the company was deeper in
the political mire during the Huntington
epoch than it ever was during the reign
of Stanford. Beyond securing control of
the State Board of Equalization and. Rail
road Commission but little of practical
use was secured to the corporation. In
gaining these advantages a spirit of re
sentment was aroused which culminated
in a storm of public remonstrance, when
the railroad sought to control the election
cf a United States Senator to succeed
Stephen M. White.
James Speyer, who is recognized as a
leading spirit of the new Southern Pacific
management, is familiar with affairs
which concern the company in California.
A few days ago he said to one cf the
former owners of the road: ;
The new owners of the Southern Pacific
frankly and positively assert that hence
forth the company will not meddle In
politics. ¦ There are many good reasons
for believing that the policy of non-inter
ference in the political affairs of Califor
nia will be faithfully observed.
James Speyer. Asserts That President
C. M. Hays Will Adhere to
th.e Plain Duty of Rail
roading. >
Future Policy of Southern
Pacific Company Is
Foreshadowed.
PURE BUSINESS,
NOT POLITICS,
IS THE DECREE
Notorious Card Sharp Makes a Clean-
Up and Escapes, While His Con
federates Are Made to
"Billy" Hurt, the notorious card sharp
and gambler, has been at his tricks again
and two young men of Suisun are mourn
ing an experience In which they were
taught a v.orld of experience at an ex
pense of several thousand dollars. Hurt
is one of the most widely known dis
honest card operators in the country.
Smooth, insinuating, suave, well groomed
and gentlemanly, he has found it easy to
ingratiate himself Into the confidence of
people and then rob them at cards. But
he was until very recently inactive.
A few daye ago a quiet spoken, gentle
manly fellow, slightly lame, made his ap
pearance in Suisun. He spent much time
in the town, making his headquarters
generally at the Oriole saloon. He said
he was In search of a" good investment in
land and was not adverse to listening "to
the advice of any one who cared to give
It to him. He wanted to buy property
and friends had directed him to Suisun. A
nay or so after his arrival anothei
stranger appeared in the town. He balled
irom somewhere in Nevada and appeared
not to know the land seeker. Acquaint
ances are quickly made in a strange
country town, however, and the two
strangers were naturally thrown much
togetner.
one day when time was dragging a lit
tle game of poker was proposed and the
l&me man was asked to take a hand. He
was not anxious to do so, but rinaliy con-
M-nt«?d and the game began. The lume
man played wretchedly. Two young men,
Lou Pierce, who recently fell heir :o a
fortune, and Frank Gurnett. stood watch
ing the game with considerable amuse
ment. Tney conceived the oriliiant laea
that it would be a good joke to get the
lame man into another game and win
some of that money which he intended to
invest in land.
So they perfected their scheme and the
next day they were In town and Invited
the lame man to a game of poker. He
consented with the same reluctance that
be had shown before. Just as the play
ers were getting ready the stranger ftom
Xevada happened to drop in. He was
as-ked to take a hand, but declared that
he never gambled lor large sums. He
was laughingly told that ne would not
have to and he joined the game. When
the game closed the lame man who
vanted to buy a ranch and the stranger
from Nevada had $2000 which had been
in Pierce's pockets and several hundred
dollars which had belonged to Gurnett.
For novices the strangers had displayed
a most remarkable ability at the great
game.
A few days later a man from Napa was
listening at the merchandise store of
"King" Perkins to the story of the won
derful poker game. The lame man wa=
described. The man from Napa grinned.
"He is Billy Hurt," he said, "tho
shrewdest, crookedest card player in the
country."
"*Th"n there was a row. The two wise
young men plotted revenge. They deter
mined to try conclusions once more with
Hurt and his confederate from " Nevada
and beat them at their own game.
Pierce and Gurnett secured several
thousand dollars and went looking for the
card sharps. Those worthies were in the
saloon and perhaps did not know that
their victims had armed themselves and
had brought along a crowd of sturdy
young fellows to help along the play.
Hurt was overjoyed to see his new-made
friends. He bought drinks for everybody
and then bought again. He was all in a
bustle and kept treating as fast as the
crowd could drink. Then he excused him
self for a moment and they are looking
for him yet.
The man from Nevada was not so for
tunate. The crowd made him disgorge,
but all he had was tliX) and a gold, dia
mond studded medal, awarded for valor
by President Van Buren and worth prob
aL.y $500. Pierce has the medal and told
the man from Nevada that $500 can re
deem it. The pledge is not likely, how
ever, to be redeemed, and the whole town
is telling the story of the two wise young
men of Suisun.
Two Knowing Young Men of
Suisun Pay Heavily
for Experience.
"BILLY" HURT
CAUGHT AT HIS
THICKS AGAIN
Father Smith Will Preach.
Rev. Father Michael Smith. Superior of
the: Paullst Order on this coast, will
preach at the 11. o'clock mass in Holy
Cross Church to-morrow. > •
eight complaints received, forty-flve in
vestig-ated, nine prosecutions, one con
viction, five dismissals, forty-two fami
lies visited and advice given to thirty-one
people.
President Sonntag appointed O. Palache.
L. F. Monteagle and J. S. Raufe to act
as nominating committee and C. A. Volk
man and F. L. Pitman were appointed
on the auditing committee. W. R. Sher
wood. "William duff, Thomas Klrkpat
rlck, Mark Sheldon and E. J. Crane were
elected to membership. .
THE ''SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, DECEMBER 8, 1900.
Lurline Dowe Accidentally Sets Fire to Her Cloth-
ing and Meets a Fearful Death.
LITTLE GIRL IS ROASTED
BEFORE MOTHER'S EYES
LITTLE LURLINE. DOWE, THE TEN-YEAR-OLD GIRL WHO DIED IN
EXCRUCIATING AGONY YESTERDAY MORNING FROM EFFECTS
OF HER TERRIBLE BURNING.
14
; *•> For a Cold in the Head.
Laxative Bromo-Quinine Tablets. ~ •
When that ' tired V feeling comes ' along, side-
track it with Jesse Moore "AA'*~the best*
whiskey in the land.
Grand opening of new Organ saloon, 317
Drumm, to-night. Chris Anderson, prop. •
Your, memory trained so, that you can
learn -any book- after a single reading
There can be, no education without a irooci
memory. The training can be had In four
simple lessons, $1 o0 each. Room 423 Em-
ma Spreckels Bulldine. over Cafe Zinkand
927 Market street.. Interior towns by mail •
Uhttering
Rich Cut Glass.
Newest Cuttings, the latest
and Prettiest.
Saiad Bowls
Water Bottles
Sugars and Oreams
Olive, Nui and
Fancy Dishes
': ' Vases, Ornaments
Our Prices
Just Like Finding Money.
Great Afflerican Imprting Tea Co-
CITY STORES.
21O Grant Ave., bet. Pont and Setters
861 Market St., opp. Powell.
I4061xth8t. ' . UI0Poik8t.
112 Third St. 1819 Devlaadero St.
146 Ninth 6t. ,: 2008 Fillmore St.
3006 Sixteenth 8t. 021 Montgomery Aw
2510 MUalonSt. S285MI*alon St.
TOO Larkln 6t. 2782 24th 6t.
8C5 Hayes 8t. 475 Hal^ht 8t.
52 Market 8 1.
OAKLAND STORES.
1053 Washington 8t 1237 Broadway.
1185 23rd Ave. 616 E. 12th St.
I8IO Seventh St.
ALAMEDA-1355 Park St. -
,'. 6 AN RAFAEL-B St.. near Fourth.
12IM214 MARKET STREET, S», BdiMes
Mail Orders Receive Careful Attention. '
Women's Muslin Wear.^ >
Our factory has just turned over to us the
best values. we have ever had In Gowns
and Drawers; ask to be shown the coun-
ter, where these, poods are on sale.
Gowns.. 35f, 4f>e. 73c, OSc and upward*
Drawers.«3c. ISc, 7Bc, O7c and upwards
No. 7— Ribbon— all silk.. lie yard
J No.' 16-Rlbbon-^all silk. ....... ..10c yard
No. 22-Rlbbon-all sllk..........l2Vic yard
¦ .These ribbons Include all the new shades.
: ,'¦ ' Hannel G owns. ;
<Just « received, 1 25 ¦ dozen Women's Flannel
i Gowns— asaln on sale at. ..;......... ...45c
Silk Waist Snap.
An entire new assortment of colors— you'll
have to pay $5 elsewhere for the waist
we are selling to-day at. ....... .....$3.45
Made of moreen; accordeon plaited ruffle—
all colors— $1 quality— on sale at......«Oc
Heavy Moreen Skirts, trimmed with- five
rows of cording: and ten-Inch lined ruffle
of accordeon plaiting— $1.50 qnaiity— on
•sale at........; ......OOc
. Satin Ribbon Sale.
Women's Underskirts.
Winter Underwear.
Women's Natural Wool Vests or Pants: in
gray or white; worth $1.50— on sale at..OOc
A\ omen s Tijfht-nttlns, Woolen Vests; in
, Pink or white: $1.25 . quality— on sale
at '. ......."....;.. ..;85c
Children's Self-flttlnsr : Vests, Pants or
Drawers; In gray or whlte-^0c quality—
.. on sale at ¦ atSc
To avoid the usual afternoon rush and have choice selection of
fashionable shades, early shopping is advisable.
To-Day We Are Offering
Some Wonderful Bar-
gains in Children's
Headwear.
Women's Flannel Waists.
Made'cf best quality all-wool tricot flan-
nel, effecth-ely trimmed front and back;
lined throughout; sizes 32 to 44; this
waist is sold all over at $2 — we place
them on eale at $1.4.%
Women's Waists.
Made of best French flannel, tucked front
and back; exactly the same quality that
is sold In other stores. at $3.50— our price
to-day 1JI2.45
Women's German Flannel
Waists.
Lined throughout; all. : colors and sizes—
regTilar price $1— on sale.." .....74c
Children's Dresses.
Made of best quality India linen: bretelles,
« neck and sleeves trimmed with fine era-
broidery ' or Valenciennes lace - (same as
picture); sizes 1 to 6 years— worth $1.50—
on sale at......."...;.. '.. ...98c
• Hosiery Specials.
Woman's Bilk. and. Lisle Full-finished How'
—only about 20 dozen of . them— regular 35c "
hope — on sale at.. _..i."..".. :..;-...'.. .2>«-palri
Women's Ribbed Cashmere Hoee; 35c qual-
ity—on sale at '.. ...'....¦.;... .23c
Children's Ribbed. Hose, extra heavy qual-'
Ity — sold elsewhere at 25c — our price.. IHo-
Children's All-Wool - j) Ribbed - Hose.*. \ all I
sires; worth 35c— on sale at... ,25c a pair
Children's Automobile
Coats.
Made of heavy broadcloth: come'.ln all. the
new shades (see picture) ;: regular price
of these coats ' Is ST. 50 — on sale to-day
at ..........«5
The greatest yet! Here is to [
laugh ! The real old hearty
- laugh that we used to give ¦
over the side-splitting doings "
of Peck's Bad Boy of fifteen [
years ago are to be repeated. -
The "Boy" has grown up and -
George W. Peck will tell some :
screechingly funny ones about '
him, exclusively for the Sun- '.
day Call. Next Sunday's Call *
will contain the first paper of
the series. Do not miss it for '-
it is an introduction to your -
old, friend George W, Peck au- *
thor of "Peck's Bad Boy" *
and also ex-Governor of Wis- -
consm.
PETALUMA. Dec. 7.— Little Hazel Geb-
hardt. tho three-year-old -daughter of Chris
Gebhardt. was seriously scalded to-day by
boiling water. The child was playing about a
stove and pulled a kettle of water over upon
herself^ She Is In a serious condition.
Trunks A traveling bags. Befora buying ¦«•
our "bureau trunk." A. B. Smith Co., US EUla.*
ADVERTISEMENTS.
<NCQft*o»ATts BfiP Balsa «S> 6B£9
P. RO8COE HelVITLTY, M.D.
*6tf Kearny; 8 VSaaFranciscOfC&L
DR.MGOTLTY.
rpHISWErA-KNOWN AND RELIABLE OLD
.L Specialist cures Blood Poison. Clonorrhcea Gleet,
Strictuif , Mi-mlnul Wraknes*. I m potency and their
allied Disorders. Kook on Diseases ot Men free
pTerMyears'experieiice.Tprnisreasonable. Hours".
9toSd»lly;8:30to8.30*v I gs.Rond»y<i.l0tol2.C»nsul-
ta tlon free and sacredly confidential. Call o«- address
Hale's.
Hale's.
| It's a • I
f Smart 1*
Looker,
That New
Midwinter
: Hat of Ours. \
SllOWll to-da.ij for \
the jirsf tiuic.
There' s good :
dressing and, be-
[ comingncss about
that hat that will
make it popular.
Shades— Steel,
Pearl,
¦ Cedar, 5
Brown f
and :
Black. I
J\"o hat in town
[ at $2.oO can \
ecHos? it.
\ Our price
$1.35.
• Union Label in livery
\ Hat.
f 1^ Keabny/t. W
y ' Hale' s Store Open To-Night p
And Ev3ry Week-Day Night Until Christmas. <*|
uU LfflPfS Tin CIS / PQOGm _ t* tm *7
It has been said that the progress of the Hale house 13 , ftff
a barometer. of Pacific Coast trade. If this ;• be true, .the- U
¦ J conditions are exceptionally favorable, for thtz creat store is U
/f daily thronged by thousands of happy, enthusiastic shop- . \^v
p> . - pers who find a visit here greatly simplifies the Rift per-
VL. plexity. '(u?'
j) ; Santa C'aus' Route To-Day. M,
mr Golden Gate avenue to Park, to Jackson, to Van Ness avenue, %&
NL to Pacific avenue, to Steiner, to Jackson, to Broderick, to Clay, fj\
. A to Walnut, to California, to Steiner, to Post, to Webster, to fcj
ll\\\ Golden Gate avenue, to Hale's. He starts on his trip at one |M
ft* Sensible Toys.
fl\v\ Shoo-flies with long rockers — nicely uphol- f5j> jffl
gines — with whistle and (iN^K
M\i driving wheel, each ......OSc x ~ ' JJ^^
|P Plush covered horses with saddle— on platform with wheels— V
*Jm cac "'* * * I
jj| Glove Certificates. t\
it** Save trouble and 'express charges by sendin.se your friends *£\
\sg%. one. of our .glove certificates — good for gloves or merchandise of f5£/
equal value on presentation at any of Hale's California stores^ — \T^
/\J San Francisco, Sacramento, San Jose, Stockton, Petaluma or
China and Glass. M
iy (^ "~r"j> flown blue decorations — JT- r*t.*f/ v^
fevft - PC set -,12« /^^M H^
¦* Vv^'t^-. n J/ ' Dinner or soup plates \L ]ti\u\ t$ jn?%
IT - fuI1 K° ld treatment, \{J' *\]f Kf
(5L ®SJip3iJtaSyl worth 20c each. now. 12c jr/ > - r > "VVL
xs^iEi^S^^ Cut glass berry bowls A&f^irv --%
pj - in chrysanthemum and }^j{\^k 1 *J
J)j ' fan designs— rich, deep r'^)ja^,t] £7
1^ cuttings, worth $6.00, our price ...94. 55 \i>>^§^ jjJ \\
y^A Austrian china vases — assorted shapes and
JSf decorations, 10 inches high, each OSc H
\ China cups and saucers with green borders — fjold trimmed— Jh
per cup and saucer 2Oc /'j]J
£*y Feather Boas and Veilings. Gloves for Men and Boys. I]!/
R^> If these Dricea seem attractive you By all odds the largest and belt ]/||\
Wl z3t ma -y depend upon their proving collection we ever had and th* best 1/ I
/fZSr doubly so when you see the goods. gloves at their rear*ctlve Drtces w« fill/
' iff Ostrich feather boas In grray and ever knew. This little list Is onlr VWi
If/C\ black, 36 and 45 Inches long; long. »u?cestive. \y\
tlCVll &los3y, curly feathers; each f 1O »*„.. „_._ .„_ —^v," , t »_.. 4 - \\v\
ylf New and beautiful veiling in tux- th 1 i e u?J' t rl ? h "£? 1 «?^»n SSTtJ?
&W edp and London meshes. Plain or st^n^rt dSSjv-^. n*ir Brio
dotted, with chenille or velvet spots: . Stron « and dressy: per pair. . . . 9 1 JiO 1
N& ¦ per yard 25c Men's prlx seam cap* glows, a per- I
{UftV Latest veiling novelties— green and t*ct fac-slmlle of th* famous Dent ~J
V«C\ black chiffons with larse white vel- gloves. Perfect fitting and full of ffl
\«\ vet dots— fancy meshes with and satisfaction; per pair 91..1O Uk
yJ*^4 without chenille dots — plain meshes Boys" fur ton fleece-lined flc»ve»— l;w\
(ff\a with chenille dots — also plain or In tan. red and brown. The proper \\v\
l\ %Zr dotted Brussels nets, choice; p^r glove for winter wear; per pair Y^a
N^ yard 5Oc fl.OO \M
Comfort at Hale's. j|
/Ser .. If your holiday shopping fatigues you rest in our ladies' par- y
v I'lnl ' Ol1 on mezzanme floot — finely appointed — toilet rooms connect- i *
W ing— or, better still, visit the shampooing 'and manicuring de- 1
&T partments on same floor. These splendid departments are in • \v
charge of. those hair and nail experts, Mr. and Mrs. Cosgrove. /yj]\
j&Z) and the best of work is guaranteed. The shampooing rooms Vfet)
Iff have a southern exposure with the warm rays of the sun stream- \[
]^#»l ing in — no small point of comfort and hygiene after a shampoo. \^
_JI Market street, near Sixth, ooposlte Colden.Cate avenue* . \f
"i. Jf SE3Ec^~^i25bi 36& 1 t« ' w vr v t JL ' f ' A' '¦ *'< t 'Jan m*^ %
SPECIAL BARGAINS
SATURDAY. MONDAY and TUESDAY
LEA & PERRIN'S SAUCE 20c
Genuine Imported. Regular 23c.
SINGAPORE PINEAPPLE, Sliced 15c
Extra fine. Limit 3 cans. Regular 23c
FINEST CREAMERY BUTTER, Square. .45c
Market has advanced. Regular 55c.
CHOICE POINT REYES BUTTER, Square. 35c
Regular 43c
BEST CITY EGGS, Dozen .40c
From the Mission. Regular 45c.
PETALUMA RANCH EGGS, Dozen 25c
Guaranteed. Regular 33c.
New Columbus. Brand Tomatoes, 4 can3. .25c
Limit 4 cans. Regular 10c. -
KEROSENE WHITE STAR, OIL, 5 Gal. . .95c
Regular $1 23 can.
OLD GLORY WHISKEY, Gallon $2.50
Rich and mellow. Eight years old.
For family -and medicinal use.
Rye or bourbon. Regular {4 00.
PLUM PUDDING, Mb Can. 20c
Richardson * Robbins. . Reralar 2Sc.
EXTRA SWEET SUGAR CORN, 3 Cans. .25c
Limit 6 cans. Regular 12%c can.
I. W. HARPER'S WHISKEY, Quart Bat. 75c
Ten years old. Regular $1 23.
ORANGE MARMALADE, 3 Cans 25c
A breakfast appetizer. Regular 15c can.
CLARET AND ZINFANDEL, Gallon 40c
Vintage 1893. Choice. Regular 73c.
BRETONNES CLUB SARDINES : 20c
Large can. Best French. Regular 23c
F. LE COURT MUSHROOMS, Can. 22h
Imported. Best, i Regular 30c.
SCOTCH and IRISH WHISKEY, Qt. Bot.$1.00
Finest Imported Regular II 25.
KIPPERED HERRING, Large Can 20c
Imported from Scotland. Regular 25c.
FRENCH CASTILE SOAP, 3-lb Bar 25c
Virgin brand. Regular 30c.
CHOICE FAMILY FLOUR, 50-Ib sack. . .80c
tlay in winter supply.' Regular 95c
CIGARS CUT— RENOWN/ 7 for 25c
Humboldt, Sanchez A Haya. Belmont and
all leading brands, l?Hc size for 10c.
OUR COUNTRY CUSTOMERS
Can take advantage of these special sales.
We ship free of charge within 100 miles. Ask
for monthly price list. free.
1348-1354 MARKET STREET.
Opp. Seventh. 'Phone S. 292. No Branch Stores.
The "DANN" RECLINING CHAIR -^
A Handsome Christmas /SFglaf
Present.
Ea*y and Comfo.-taS'e. HxSUSI
Price S15. Come and see It.
IV. A. SCHROCK,
19 New Montgomery Street.
Weekly CaU,$l.OO pep Yeac
I^ZONO-PHOilE
The jSreat sv
talking M^
machineXgpiJ
H - ¦ :. - ;,~.
The Zon-o-phone makes a moxt
acceptable Christmas gift, as it
not only pleases the recipient, but H
affords amusement for the whole P
family or a crowd of friends at I
a home gathering. ti
The Zon-o-phone Is the per- I '
feet talking machine— reproduces ft
Fpoerhos by famous people and H
j the music of great artists. The 3
rise and fall of the voice, the ar-. fl
ticulation and accent are nearly n
perfect and even the sweetness of If
music is retained. P
I Four 6tyles-S25, $22 50, $20 and R
$15. Flat indestructible disc rec- H
ord? 50c each. C
Th<» Zon-o-phone Is constantly P
on free exhibition at g
Sherman, Clay & Co., I
Steinway Fiano Dealers. |
Cnr. K*arny A- Euttw nt*.. S. F. S
Cor. 13th and Broadway. Oakland. m
Cor. l'ark & WaFhinjrton. Portland. B
711 Second avenue, Seattle. *
ADVXRTISEJiZNTS.