MILLIONAIRE CUDAHY. DE
POSITING THE RANSOM FOR
HIS SOX.
attempt-was made last night : to '.blow up
the Farmers' 'Hotel at Alva, O. ; T. , The
thimble of a wagon wheel. was filled i with
giant powder and put' under, the corner of
the building. ; Before the fired fuse caught
the powder the thimble fell .to one side,
with the result that the , veranda was
blown 150 -feet, 'skyward.: Except the
breaking of 'windows, -no' other damage
was done, p
A young ¦ man ' named ' f Joseph ¦ Elliott
calmly -/walked'; into the house ; after the
attempted , wreck -and took ¦ lodging. He
was arrested this morning in* his room for
the offense. The i hotel ', was not ' crowded,
owing: to Christmas,; only V fifteen ; guests
being in it. • Great excitement . prevails
and only the fact'of the, Indeflniteness of
the evidence against Elliott saves, trouble.
Inspecting ? Coast ¦• Ports.
SEATTLE.. Dec. 25.-Captaln M. Moller,
an '.'of « the^North "¦ German 1 Lloyd
Steamship : Company, 4 . Is 'how Mn Seattle ' on
a ¦ tour of j Inspection '.of 'Western ' portsc* He
has .visited . Portland, j Tacoma i and;' San
Francisco t and • Is \ to : report n t tie i result of
his Investigations .to the company..' ¦' '
Dynamite Exploded Under the Struc
ture, but the Veranda Only Is
Damaged. »
WICHITA. Kans.. Dec! 25.— A desperate
DESPERATE ATTEMPT
TO BLOW .UP HOTEL
• CALCUTTA, - Dec. 25.— Lord , Curzon of
Keddleston... Viceroy of India,- In: the
course of a speech to-day paid that : since
the' appearance of the bubonic plague In
1898, i 25,000 : deaths from the disease " have
occurred In the Mysore state. -
Perished in India.
Twenty-Five Thousand Persons Have
PLAGUE'S, AWFUL EECOBD.
was found wandering about Flatbush. L.
I., to-day, trying to persuade himself he
was working. He was taken to Kings
County Hospital In a straitjacket, ins.ane
and raving. Ha has been everywhere and
has seen every sporting event in the
United States since the ityan-Sulllvan
fight, and so far as he or anyone else ever
knew, never paid one penny for railroad
transportation nor ever contributed to the
capital of fight promoters.
Immediately before " the Fitzslmmons-
Corbett contest he was . knocked off a
Colorado passenger train into a snow
bank ten feet deep. Everybody testifies
that he bank out of sight, and ' it was
thought (he had suffocated. Yet he man
aged to reach CarSon about the , same
time a number of other me*n did, and oc •
cupled a box on the strength of challeng;'
Ing the winner. ,
Weil-Known Sporting Man Taken to
- Kings County Hospital in a
* Straitjacket.
NEW YORK, Dec. 25.— James Connol
ly, known best as "One Eyed" Connolly,
"ONE-EYED" CONNOLLY NOW ,
AN INSANE PRISONER
Testimony That Will Be Introduced
Relative to Embezzler Alvord's
*.•/;'':¦;. Wife. '-'¦''¦¦¦':.¦. ¦' [. ,
t NEW YORK/ Dec. 2E.— The trial of Cor
nelius. Alyord; Jr.,: defaulting cashier of
the j First National • Bank of this city,' it
set for to-morrow ; In . the United States
District Court. Th'e amount of his defal
cation was $600,000.
One of .the interesting features of the
trial, and which in. all "probability will be
brought [ out by. the -United States Dis
trict Attorney, is the amount of restitu
tion of the stolen funds made up to this
time! .. The officers of ; the ; First National
Bank have been reticent on this point ever
since Alvord's arrest. The sale of his ef
fects in ; his home in Mount Vernon real
ized very little. Where the bank really
made good*part.cf its loss .was, it is said,
in the turning over of Mrs. .Alvord's
jewels. , Their value has been estimated
atVnot . less than $150,000, and the story
goes that, the jewels were taken to the
bank and placed in the custody of one of
the, officers, who locked them up. in a
strong box until they- could be appraised
and sold. How; long, these gems were in
the '. possession of .Mrs. ' Alvord • is ; not
known." It is said she has had them four
years, and .that they were presents from
her husband. The whole story is'expected
to come out before the "•prosecution- closes
its case: ''•'... ' : '.'.
- r ¦.¦.'.. » ••¦
Accused of Conspiracy.
VIENNA,- Dec.' 25.— A dispatch ; from
Warsaw ; says that ; fifty-two^ Poles -have
been , arrested > there, accused of. partici
pation '¦ In a' political conspiracy.
GAVE >HEB. JEWELS TO ;
REPAY DESPOILED BANK
All the Information obtainable here Is
that Whitmarsh has been for several
years In the Philippines and has an ex
tensive acquaintance with the natives,
which will, of course, be advantageous in
carrying on work entailed upon him by
his appointment. An army officer, who
recently returned from Manila and who
was on friendly term's with Whitmarsh
says he understands he has declared his
Intention to • acquire ; American citizen
ship. This declaration does not make him
an American citizen or eligible to appoint
ment to office In the' Philippines under
Regarding persons who should be ap
pointed to Philippine offices, the President
said; "It will b« necessary to fill some
offices for the present with Americans,
which after a time may well be filled with
natives of the islands. As soon as prac
ticable a system for ascertaining ihe
merit and fitness cf candidates for 'civil
office should be put into force. An Indis
pensatle qualification for all offices and
positions of trust and authority in the
Islands " must be absolute and uncondi
tional loyalty to the United' States, and
absolute 'and unhampered authority and
power to remove and punish "any ofllcer
deviating from that standard must at all
times be retained In tho hands of .the' cen
tral authority of the islands."
CALL HEADQUARTERS, 1406 O
STREET, N. W.. WASHINGTON, Dec.
25.— H. Phelps Whitmarsh, who has been
appointed by the Taft Commission as
Governor of Benguet, on the Island of
Luzon! is: said to be a subject of Great
Britain. His appointment Is, therefore, In
violation of the President's Instructions
to the commission, which limited the hold
ers of office In the Philippines to Ameri
cans end natives.
the President's Instructions.
It Is believed the commission will follow
up Mr. Whitmarsh's appointment by nam
ing 'other civilians as Governors of th»
provinces. The administration is anxious
that the military shall be superseded as
rapidly as possible^ The Taft Commis
sion understands the wishes of the Presi
dent. Any appointment unsatisfactory to
tho administration can be promptly re
voked, as the instructions given by th«
President to the Secretary of War rela
tive to the duties of the commission pre
scribe that all appointments to office by
the commission are subject to the Secre
tary's approval and action upon the arri
val of the commission's report. Secretary
Root is therefore at liberty to revoke
Whitmarsh's appointment if be wishes.
DIRECT STEAMER LINE
TO THE PHILIPPINES
Oregon and Oriental Company's Ves
sels to Fly Between Portland
and Manila,
PORTLAND. Dec. 26.— A direct Una of
steamships between Portland and Manila
will b« In operation by February 28. The
Oregon and Oriental Company, In order
to accommodate . the growing trade be
tween the two ports, has decided to put
into commission the steamships Mon
mouthshire and Carmarthenshire. The
steamships will be placed -exclusively in
the service and make regular trips.
For the past year the wholesale Jobbers
of Portland have been trying to secure
the establishment of * a line of steam
ships to Manila. They sent a representa
tive there to inquire into the trade con
ditions and the new steamship line is tho
result.
Special Dispatch to The CalL
marsh in Office in the Philippines.
APPOINTS A SUBJECT OF
THE QUEEN AS GOVERNOR
Taft Commission Places H. Phelps Whit-
.FRANKFORT. Ky., Dec. 25.— One of the
clerks - in the State Auditor's office, in
searching the vault for old records to
day,' found a cartridge box containing
eight metal-patched, smokeless powder
cartridges,; 38.55, corresponding exactly to
the bullet found in. the hackberfy tree.
# and which' was believed to have passed
through Senator Gothel's body.,
; The elgniflcance of this discovery, lies
In the factthat Henry Youtsey< convicted
of participation in the assassination in
October, was a clerk In the Auditor's of
fice at the time/of the, assassination, and
•had ! access to the vault where . the car
tridges ¦'¦¦ were found, and that George
Barnes; another 'clerk In the- office, testi
fied , that; he^ saw Youtsey with a box of
cartridges. , : ' ¦ I ;
Ammunition Similar to
That Used by Goe
bel's Assassin.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
FINDS BOX OF
CARTRIDGES IN
YOUTSEY'S SAFE
There is no direct telephone connection
with- the place, but a private line, owned
by the railroad, Is being used to keep the
officers posted. If trouble were to begin
this would be cut by the rioters.
It was daylight when the town became
oulet, the negroes having everything their
own way. So far to-day no outbreak has
taken place because the whites are Intim
idated to such an extent that they are
using every possible precaution to pre
vent a collision with the blacks. It Is be- '
lleved the slightest quarrel will bring
about a riot.
In addition to his saloon, owns a dry
goods store, which Is being conducted by
his wife, and into this the negroes flocked
after the shooting at the saloon. Mrs.
Kendall was ladly frightened, ard her
husband ran into the pface and began
shooting into the mob. Ranger was shot,
but how badly Js not known, as he was
carried away and secreted by his com
panions. Kendall's life was threatened,
and about midnight he managed to es
cape from his store and came direct to
this city. . - ; : .-¦
Sheriff Ravo was again asked to go to
the scene, but declined to do so. Kendall,
After his departure another- outbreak
.took place, and message after message
came to the local police to send men to
the town.
The outbreak began yesterday after
noon, when Lte Rangrer and John Red
mond, i-egroes, both very drunk, started
in to Intimidate whites. When their in
sults were resented other negroes jumped
in with the liquor-crazed men and cap
tured Samuel Kendall's saloon. Nearly
twenty shots were fired, but no one was
wounded. An r.ppeal by telephone was
made to Sheriff Rave for help, and he
drove out to Cemtntville in a buggy, and
to some extent quieted the negroes while
he was present.
JEFFERSONVILL.E, Ind., Dec 23.—
A race war Is on at Cementvllle. a small
station on- the Panhardle road, five miles
north of this city, and' serious trouble is
expected at any mordent. The negroes
ore all armed ard the whiter, are keeping
within doors to avoid them.
Another Officer.
TIENTSIN, Dec. 25.— A French dethch
ment of 100 men left here on December 20
for Hungtsu, twenty miles' ¦westward, to
search for arms. Approaching a village
across a frozen creek, a force of Boxers
opened fire, killing Lieutenant Contal and
wounding another officer. The French
burned the village.
Kill Lieutenant Contal and "Wound
BOXEHS FIRE UPON FBENCH.
ST. JOSEPH, Mo., Dec. 25.— At police
headquarters here to-night it was stated
that Pat Crowe, whose, name has been
mentioned in connection withthe Cudahy
kidnaping case, was believed to be in St.
Joseph. The police are said to be search
ing: for Crowe. • ¦ .
»T — •, . »• •¦¦- . ¦ — - — ;¦ ¦ ¦; — —————__ .;.
animal "at Pacific- Junction is not the
much-wanted broncho.' A thorough Inves
tigation is being made.
': CAMBRIDGE. .Mass., Dec. . 25!— Pro
fessor Charles Eilot Norton; of 'Harvard
has made another of his- characteristic
'criticisms upon this .country. "At the, reg
ular Christmas eve reception which Pro
fessor Norton gives each year ¦before
more than 200 Harvard and: Radcliffe stu
dents, he said:
"This is the' season, of the year' when
-'peace on earth, good: will toward, man'
reigns; but for .the last two .Chrlstmases
there has been a # sad doom hanging over
this country. «\Ve have not been at peace
with the. world; we have not shown good
will toward. men.'-,To us 'older- men who
have ' lived In . a past, when ' there was at
ieasf the pretense of keeping up old Amer
ican doctrines, thl? 1 is/. indeed i sad.' To
day the United. States' is standing forth
as one of the worst'*of -"all • nations, for
she Is expressing* Ill-will toward men-7-she
is;at.';war;'<-'^. ; -1;:/j'^: : ;<'r' ¦v'^. r,
"In listening to; this old story of peace
and good will we should all make a resolu
tion to try to change this" state; of 'affairs.
We/fWho are old," should, do -what 'little
we can yet do; you whoareyoung should
now resolve you will help set our country
back where she belongs." -, j' ;
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Dr. Norton Deplores the
• Abandonment of Old
Traditions.
SAYS AMERICA
IS WORST OF
ALL NATIONS
Special Dispatch to The Call.
OMAHA. Dec. 25.—It was reported
at police headquarters to-day
that there is a man in Omaha
who claims to have seen Pat
Crowe on the Saturday prior to
the kidnaping of young Cudahy riding the
bay pony, was found near the house where
Cudahy was confined. This man is M. J.
Greevey, and he lives In the vicinity of
the park. He has made it a point to get
a good description of both Crowe and the
pony, and he said he had a slight acquain-
tance with Crowe a few years ago. , Mr.
Gresvey affirms that he aw Crowe rid-
ing the pony; that when Crowe attempted
to mount the pony it shied across the
street, attracting the attention of sev-
eral men; that he rode off in the direction
of the Schnelderwind cottage. Several
days ago Mr. Greevey reported this mat-
ter to one of the detectives. . - ¦: \
E. A. Cudahy, in an interview to-day,
t-ald that the report that he had issued
an ultimatum to Pat Crowe to come forth
from his hldin? placp and prove an alibi,
or, in default of such action, suffer arrest
and prosecution, was utterly without
foundation. He had not been in commu-
nicatlon with Pat Crowe nor had he any
proposition to make to him.' He was
asked what slgn-Iflcanee there was in the
fact that Steve Crowe of Chicago a
brother of Pat, had reached Omaha to
day, and he answered that, so far as he
was aware, there was none. < Chief of Po
lice Donahue was unable to say why Steve
Crowe came to Omaha to-day, Tjut'denied
that he had sent for him. If the latter
had a proposition to make on behalf of
his suspected brother, the Chief did. not
know anything about it. «
a complication arose to-day concerning
the pony, which was taken up by Joseph
Goodrich at Pacific Junction, ' and : for
which no claimant has put in an appear
ance. Goodrich declines to let the anl
mal leave his barn. He says that he will
advertise it .according! to law;, and if its
owner-does.noj; claim,it- within the-^fjeci
fled time he will keep it. - Bothjh'e.a'hd his
neighbors have'an 'examjeratcd idea of
the importance of the find. A number of
witnesses who saw. the pony around the
Schneiderwind cottage,will go down' to
look at It. The. Chief of Police said to
night that the .Inscription of the man who
took the pony' across the ferry was not
satisfactory, and it,may develop that the
MUST ISOLATE
l::per jiordts
IN PHILIPPINES
Serious Problem the Taft
Commission H«s
to Face.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
WASHINGTON, Dec. 25.— There are
30,000 lepers in the Philippines, . and the
Government is trying to find a way, of
Isolating them to check the spread of the
disease. A Board of Health has been or
ganized with Surgeon Guy L. Edie presi
dent, "and Surgeon Edie reports to the
War Department that a commission has
been appointed to select a suitable island
or islands for the purpose of segregating
or isolating these people.
In his report Edie says leprosy was in
troduced into the Philippines in 1633, the
Emperor, of Japan sending a ship with 150
lepers as a present to be cared for by
Catholic priests. They were allowed to
land, and no practical methods ever were
adopted to .eradicate the disease or pre
vent its spread. There are not less than
30,000 lepers In the islands.-as estimated by
the Franciscan Fathers. The larger
number of them are in the Visayas group.
The Taft Commission. has this as one of
Its problems to wrestle with.
Informant Adds New Ljnk to the Chain of Evidence
Against the Cudahy Suspect---Giyes to Omaha
Detectives a Description" That Fits the Missing
Man and Is Very Positive in His" Identification.
SEES CROWE ON PONY
RIDDEN BY KIDNAPER
SEATTLE. Wash., Dec. 25.— General
plans for the Lake Washington ship canal
have been completed by Major Minis' of
the United States army in churge of har
bor work In this State. It Is certain that
a contract for a preliminary channel will
be let shortly after January 1. The work
will be within the appropriation of, $170,
000 made by Congress some time ago. '¦';."
Plans for Ship Canal.
PRISONERS EAT TURKEY.
ST. LOUIS. Dec. 25.-Inmates of ' the
various eleemosynary and corrective in
stitutions of the city enjoyed Christmas
along with the rest of the world to-day
There were special celebrations. In all of
which religious services were' a feature.
The Post-Dispatch provided 1000 dinners
for the poor in different parts of the city.
MONTEREY. Mexico, Dec. 25.—Negotia
tions are in progress for the purchase of
six large smelters In Mexico and a num
ber of the most paying silver and gold
mines in this country by the American
Smelting and Refining Company. More
than $40,000,000 is involved In the deal and
its consummation means virtually the
control of the smelting of gold and the
silver and copper mining business in Mex
ico by a great smelting trust.
public's Best Paying Silver
and Gold Mines.
Negotiating for Control of the Re-
SMELTING TRUST'S BIO
PURCHASE IN MEXICO
General Torres has sent a brigade of
cavalry to follow the Indians, and news
of a fight Is expected dally, as the Indians
are further away from their fastnesses
than they have been for a year.
Colonel Peinado. who was wounded on
Tuesday, Is one of the most popular offi
cers in the Mexican army. He has been
in the field against the Yaquls since the
war began two years ago, and has often
distinguished himself for bravery. He is
second in command to General Torres In
Sonora, and is next In line for promotion
to the rank of general. The latest report
is that he may not recover, as he was
shot through the bowels.
Sonora that It Is practically Impossible
for any news of the war to get out, except
by parties leaving there. The scene of
the fight last Tuesday was about fifty
miles from General Torres' headquarters,
where no Indians have been seen for more
than a vear.
Wound Colonel Francisco Peinado and Slay
Many of His Soldiers.
Special Dispatch to The CalL
J£L PASO. Tex.. Dec 25.— Another
slaughter of Mexican troops at the hands
of Yaqul Indians has occurred in Sonora.
Mexico. A week ago to-day, while Col
onel Francisco Peinado and a small body
of men were crossing the country near
Lamisa, they were suddenly attacked by
the Indians from ambush and five officers
and a number of men were killed outright
and Colonel Peinado himself seriously
•wonnded. The soldiers had no knowledge
that the Indians were in the vicinity, and
the attack was such a surprise that they
had little time to prepare for It. The In
dians fled to the mountains after firing
a few volleys.
This news was brought here to-day by
C. v. L«lght of Guaymas. who says he
.eaw the report given to General Torres.
The wounded are still at Lam is a, where
th« dead were burled. Mr. Light says
that the press censorship & so severe In
Temples Near Peking.
Twelve Slain and Eight Burned in
JIASSACRE OF CATHOLICS.
LONDON. Dec. 26.— A dispatch from Pe
k'lng to a news agency here, dated De
cember 26. say" missionaries report, that
Boxers thirty-five miles east of Peking
killed twelve Catholics and burned eight
in the temples.
Vice Admiral Aliexoff says the St. Pe
tersburg correspondent of the Times has
•Issued orders to the men under his com
mand in China to make detailed lists of
the Chines© property— money, cattle, pro
visions, etc.— taken by them, and where
Euch property now is. The correspondent
also says that detachments of Russians In
Southern and Southeastern Manchuria
continue the work of exterminating dis
organized Chinese troops and brigands.
SON DEFENDING HIS
MOTHER, SHOT BY FATHER
Neck, and He Cannot Re
cover.
Bullet Lodges in the Young Man's
GREAT FALLS. Mont.. Dee. 23.-Jacob
Werten to-day ehot and fatally wounded
is pon Jchn. Werten llltreated his wife,
and the son interfered to protect • the
mother. The father drew a revolver and
fired a bullet into the boy's neck. The
eon is paralyzed and will die. Jacob
AVcrten surrendered to the authorities.
YAQUI INDIANS AMBUSH
SMALL BODY OF MEXICANS
Yu Hsein Ordered Back to Singun-Fu
to Be Executed.
LONDON. Dec. 25.— The Shanghai co*-
rr-pporfient of the Standard, telegraphing
1 December 24, payp: "The Government
bag arrested Prince Yuan and Prince
< hunp on the borders of the Shansi an>l
Fhensi provinces. Yu Hsein has been
ordered to return to Singan-Fu forthwith,
to be executed, it is supposed. It is in
ferred from the«=e reports that the im-
TWO FRINCES UNDER ARREST
movement has, as a consequence, b<"en
dropped In all that Dart of the country.
Chinese here are loud in their expressions
of disapproval of the conduct of the cam
paign by the leaders.
It appears, from the few details given in
the cable received to-day, that Tong Mu.
the reform !eadr r. at the head of a badly
armed force cf 12,000 men, paid a visit to
Chung Hi Tung, the Governor of the dis
trict, w*io. though an imperial officer, was
believed to be in sympathy with the re
form movement. Tong was invited to the
.Governors palace, and, with his 12.C0J
men, marched into the city. They left all
their arms outside the gates, taking the
precaution only to carry their loafied re
volvers.
There were 5000 imperial troops in tho
town, but nothing was feared froir. them,
end a delay ->t a day took place in order
that ether reform leaders might be sent
for. When the audience with tSr.e Governor
was finally arranged twenty-seven of the
leading followers of Kanp Yu Wei wt re
admitted.
Then a disagreement arose, and the
Governor had the leaders seized and taken
into the courtyard, where they were be
headed. In the meantime a secret order
h,id h^en Vent to the Imperial troops to
descend upon the poorly-armed rabble of
reformers. The 5000 well-drilled soldiers
took the country people completely b>
surprise, tut' the latter plucklly fought
their way through and '^escaped. They
carried away their wounded; but left 1500
deed on th» ue'.a. and scattered ab-.ut the
streets of the city. Tlie cable s-a\s that
.t:;<? seen* rif.the butchery Tine frightful.
VANCOUVER, Dec. 25.-Ntws of a
mafsacife of a reform force in
China a.ud the br heading of
twenty-seven reforni Uadeis jvas
received here to-day in i cable
by W. A. Cumycw. secretary of the
Chinese Reform Association in America.
Th« engagement took place ' In th»
province of Chichili, a populous sec
tion of the Yangtse Valley, in central
China. It resulted in the killing of 15G0
rfien and the complete demoralization ol
the reform forces. The battle, Into which
the reformers were brought by tre.-ichery.
occurred on December IS, and the reform
Special Dispatch to The CalL
CHINESE REFORMERS LOSE
FIFTEEN HUNDRED MEN IN
A TREACHEROUS AMBUSH
/
Governor of the Chichili District Beheads
Twenty-Seven Leaders in the Move
ment and Causes the Massacre of a
Force Under the Leadership of Tong Mu.
perial authorities are preparing to con
cede the demands of the joint note for the
punishment of the instigators of the
trouble In China."
According to a news agency's dispatch
from Peking dated December 24. the for
eign Ministers there are unanimously of
the opinion that China will accept the
conditions imposed by the joint note of
tne powers within a month. The note
was started on. its- way to the Dowager
Empress and th# Emperor immediately
after its preFentation, but wire communi
cation is plow and it will not reach them
until' December 27. #
JOINT NOTE PRESENTED.
Prince Ching ' Promises' an Early
Hsply From the Emperor.
PEKING, Dec. 25.— The 'preliminary de
mand note of the powers was presented
to-day to Prince Chins, one of the repre
sentatives of ilie throne. Li Hung Chang,
the other envoy, was sick and not able to
be present when the note was handed to
his -colleague by the Ministers of the va
rious great powers. Senor B. J-- de Co
lopran, the Spanish Minister, Dean of the
diplomatic corps, presented the note to
Prince Ching. saying:
"I have the honor to hand to you the
note in which the foreign representatives
set forth in tho names of their respective
governments the conditions necessary for
the re-pstabliphment of friendly relations
with China. 1 beg you to transmit it to
his Majesty, t lie Emperor of China, and
to give us as prompt reply as possible."
In accepting the note. Prince Ching
said: "Having now received from the
Ministers of the Towers the peace propo
sal. I beg to state I will at once send it
to his Majesty, -the Emperor. On the re
ceipt of his Majesty's decree, I will then
send a reply."
NEW YORK. Dec. 26.— The Sun has the
following from Peking: "It is the unani
mous opinion of the Ministers that China
will accept the conditions within a month.
The note has already been forwarded to
the Emperor and Empress Dowager, and
it probably will reach them at Singanfu
next Thursday.
Missionaries are again reporting trouble
with the Boxers. The military authori
ties are investieatinK'.
Terrorizes the White Residents of Cement
viile'anda Race War Is Threatened.
NEGRO MOB IN CONTROL
OF A TOWN IN INDIANA
Praises American Action on the Hay-
Pauncef ote Treaty.
ST. PETERSBURG. Dec. 25. -The Novoe
Vremya, discussing the English news
paper indictment of the United States
Senate for "its unparalleled attempt to
overturn the Clayton-Bulwer treaty,"
says :
"The case is not unuiual. Conditions
have changed and the treaty must
change, too. Russia afforded an example
in 1870 in declaring that she was no longer
bound by her promise not to maintain
war vessels In the Black Sea."
The Bourse Gazette says: "Russia Is
gratified by America's diplomatic victory
over England. "Western Europe dislikes
the Monroe doctrine because it desires to
grab territory everywhere. Russia, which
has sympathized with America since her
independence, which sold her American
pcssesr-lons to America. has nothing
against the Monroe doctrine and the old
sympathies have grown more cordial in
China."
prejudiced or indecent than the attack
made by the Times* correspondent yester
day upon President McKlnley for having
directed the Secretary of State to com
municate the new treaty to Lord Paunee
fote for transmission to the British Gov
ernment. He sneers at the State Depart
ment's technical reasons for this step,
hinting that they are political rather than
technical.
"Neither technically nor otherwise," he
says, "was President McKlnley obliged to
transmit this Senate document.* It was
not intended by the framers of the legis
lation that the President should be a
messenger boy to the Senate. But he now
accepts this modest function, and when
the Senate rings the b«ll the President
runs fc!s errand."
It is difficult to believe that tho writer
of this gratuitous slur can realize the
gravity of the responsibility incurred by
thus striving to embroil two nations and
envenom their relations. If such reckless
rant can make an Impression. It cannot
but be hurtful.
One mischievous Intent of the corre
spondent Is disclosed In the Insinuation
that the Senators and the American peo
ple hold totally opposite views on th»
question of the Hay-Pauncefote treaty,
his argument being that the President's
re-election showed that the people ap
proved and ratified - that Instrument.
These are the kind of dispatches that in
still in the British mind the idea that
the United States Is animated by an In
imical feeling toward England. Corre
spondents like those of the Tlme3 and tha
Dally Chronicle, Instead of trying to bring
the two peoples together, appear to seek
to estrange them.
CORDIALITY OF RUSSIAN PRESS.
" TT " ONDON*. Dec. 25. — Americans here
|| are somewhat indignant over a
I '^ B P eelal sent b y the Times' New
• "- York correspondent about the
amended Hay-Pauncefote treaty.
The attitude of this correspondent Is only
equaled "by that of the Dally Chronicle's
Washington representative. Instead of
trying- to give an unbiased state of Amer
ican views on questions, leaving it to his
journal to advance the English argu
ments, he regards everything from an ex
clusively English standpoint. Moreover,
he Introduces an acrimonious tone into
his comment that Is deplorable In view
of Its .possible bad effect upon Interna
tional relations. This is particularly
odious as coming from one who is by
birth an American.
For example, nothing could .be more
' -¦ - V* -
Special Cable to The Call and New York Herald. Copyright. 19OO, by th.»
Herald Publishing Company.
opeaks of 1 his Nation s Chief Executive as
Messenger Boy to the Senate Because
of His Transmission of the Hay-Paunce
fote Treaty as Amended by That Body.
AMERICAN CORRESPONDENT
OF LONDON TIMES OFFERS
INSULT TO THE PRESIDENT
VOLUME LXXXIX-XO. 26.
SAN ERANCISCO, WEDNESDAY^ DECEMBER 26, l?00.
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL.Kipling's Style.
The eight-room house for campaign pur
poses that arrived in China for the use of
General von Waldersee and* staff 'was the
object of: a great deal of comment among
theofflcers of the allied forces, relates the
Saturday Evening Post. One of the Amer
icans, .who has a -fine record as an officer
under : General Grant in our Civil War,
said dryly: • ¦ - ... - -. •
."Well/ this Is something new in cam
paigning. It may do well enough in China
and for a . County hut it wouldn't- do for
Americans. ..-I remember what General
Grant took. with him on his final six days'
campaign .below .Vicksburg.'- He ' didn't
have, an orderly, or. a servant, , ora horse.
.He;dldn'Uevenihu.ve an overcoat, and '.he
didn't. haveacamp'ch«st. :•¦"
-•"Why," continued the speaker, warming'
to tthe subject.; "he ; dldn'U even, take -a
clean shirt !.I«, was, with him;. and: I know.'
les, sir!. General Grant's entire baggage,
for those six day3 was a toothbrush!"
How Grant Campaigned.
Admiral Bradford, chief, of the Bureau
of and . Supplies In, the Navy
Department, has a bulletin hanging in his
room which shows the exact amount of
coal available for the United States navy
in different parts of the earth. Bradford
is: a great provider. Before the Spanish
war he bought up every ton of coal ashoro
or 'afloat, that he could find available 'for
fleets,. andyUns^e Sam had coal piles scat
tered from one end of Christendom to the
other.. Coal isc6ntraband of war and
neutral nations are . not : allowed to sell it
to combatants.' Having this in mind. Ad
miral Bradford bought his supplies before
hostilities actually -commenced, and had
enough on hand to last the navy as long
as Spain could have kept up the fighting.
Believing it to be a good thing to have a
supply, of fuel: available In distant port*
where coal Is difficult to obtain,, Admiral
Bradford has kept all his coal yards and
intends'to keep them permanently, re
plenishing the supply from our own mines
as rapidly as necessary, and thus emanci
pating, the navy;from dependence • upon
the coal dealers of Europe and the differ
ent-ports; of other continents. ' Fleets of
colliers , are. loaded at ; Norfolk and -New
port News continually with new supplies
for -Bradford's coal yards, and
the .bulletin on | his wall shows him every
morning how; much?he has at each sta
tion.—Chicago Record." -
Uncle Sam's Coal Piles.
"The negro soldier is brave and ambi
tious. He is difficult to hold back;. that
is his only'fault. I am a Virginian. My
family held slaves. I have known the
negro all my life. I had been with I the
co'ored troops . for twenty years. -' There
are no better -> soldiers. The ' blacks who
went -with Kitchener %to Khartoum also
proved their ¦ worth. I do not believe,
however, that the black man can stand
the tropics as well as the white man. At
Santiago, after the. fighting, there was
more disease and more, loss among the
black regiments than among the white
ones.'.'— Chicago Timea-Herald.
"The common idea Is that the Indian is
brave and the negro a coward. Let me
give you an instance to show the con
trary," said Captain Philip P. Powell of
the Ninth United States Cavalry, the
colored regiment that fought with Roose
velt's Rough : Riders. The captain is at
the Palmer House. Stationed at Fort
Apache, Arizona, he is about to go to
the Philippines with his men.
"In the Apache war of "91 I was caught
with thirty-five men one night In the Bad
Lands of Texas. Two hundred Indians
were trying to surround us. I wanted to
send a message to General Brooks,\but 
the Indian guides- and their" ponies, were
tired, and they were sick. Corporal :Wil
son of Company I said, 'I'll go.' We put
him. on our swiftest horse and he went
belly fashion. ; How he got through, un
touched I do not know. " . ' .
Praise for Colored Troops.
INDIANAPOLIS, Ind., Dec. 25.— The
United States Rubber Company, the trust
which controls nearly all the rubber shoe
industries in tnls country, has submitted
in writing application to Mishawka Rub
ber Boot and Shoe Company providing for
the sale of the local concern. The offer,
it Is believed, includes a monetary stipu
lation of $3,000,000, President .Beyer, stating
that the truBt president agreed to pay the
Mishawka company $3 for each $1 of its
actual value. The^ local plant is the most
formidable rival of the truBt. The: offer
received last week was the most tempting
offer yet received. President Beyer de
clared the proposition would be 4 rejected,
as have many before it. .
Unknown Man Killed. i
LOS ANGELES, Dec. 25.— An unknown
man was struck by 'a traction car on Cen
tral avenue, near Fifth street, to-night
and received injuries from which he died
five minutes later. Who the man was no
one as yet knows, for there. was not the
slightest thing upon his person by which
he could be Identified. He was Intoxicated
at the time of the accident and was un
able to get out of the way of the rapidly
moving car. ¦'
McMahon' s Body Found.
STOCKTON, Dec. 25.— The body of
James McMahon, the farmhand known as
"Big Jim," who was drowned In a canal
near New Hope Sunday, was found short
ly after noon - to-day. A . large > force : of
searchers Is making every effort to locate
the remains of Robert Klrkland, the other
man who met death with McMahon.
President of Mishawka Rubber Boot
and Shoe Company Determined
to Hold Out. i -
HEJEOTS PROPOSAL TO
SELL TO RUBBER TRUST
"The clerk said, 'Really, Mr. Allen, we
can't let you go so soon.. We had ex
pected that you would stay with us a
week at least. Just let- me send your
grip back to your room and you tele
graph your friends in Jacksonville that
you won't be there.*
- "I t«ld him that it was very kind bu*
I Just had to go and for him to make
out the bill rlghfaway. 'Well, if yoj
must go.' he replied. 'I suppose you must
but. there ain't any bill. -Mr. Plant tele
graphed. us yesterday that you were to
be the guest of the house as long as you
stayed here and that we were to do
everything that we - could to make you
comfortable.' -
"Now. wouldn't that make you feel sad"*
But I went-V-Phlladelphia North Ameri
can. »"•'...
Allen tells many funny stories about
himself. One of his funniest experiences,
he says, happened at the Ponce dc Leon
Hotel In Florida. Ten years ago he vla
uted this famous resort and, after regis
tering, was shown to a suite of rooms on
the parlor floor.
"When the bellboy disappeared." Mr.
Allen says, "I looked around and it struck
me at first that. I had bumped up against
a pretty good thing. Why. do you know,
the carpets on those floors must have been
of real velvet and about six Inches thick.
They had silver-mounted hair brushed
and combs and fancy fixings till you
couldn't dress, and the sizq of that room
was about the same as the corner lot that
we used to play town ball on when I was
a boy. Now, I ain't a very nch man, and
when I got to thinking about it. I began
to get scared ,
"'John, old man, I said to myself,
'you'd better investigate this t»ing before
you go any further. So I sneaked down
to the barroom and laying 15 cents on
the bar, asked for a drink of whisky.
The bartender gave me the whisky all
right, but he said it was 30 cents. I
paid it and, going over to the cigar coun
ter, I hauled out a nickel and asked for
a cigar. The young man told me that he
didn't keep anything less than twenty
flve-centers. Then 1 sfeppecT back to my
room and rang for a bellboy. When he
came up I gave him a half-dollar and
said: 'Son, don't say- anything to any
body, but just go down and rubber around
a little and find out how much they
charge a day for these rooms.' You see,
I was getting uneasy. That boy came
back In about tent minutes and toJd me
that rooms were. only worth HO a day.
a "That being pretty nearly all the money
I had with me, I saw I had to do some
thing pretty quick.. I just grabbed my
valise and headed for the counter: When
I got there I looked very serious and told
the clerk that I had just discovered that
it was absolutely necessary for me to be
in Jacksonville that evening. 'Just make
out my bill for. the time tnat I have been
here.N I said, 'and I'll pay • and catch
the next train.'
During all the years that he ha* been
In the House of Representatives Allen hi3
been recognized as the wit of the body.
His influence upon legislation haj been
small for the reason as he says himself
that he established early in his career a
reputation as a humorist. From that time
on no one would take him seriously, ami
as a consetfuence he earnestly advises all
young men who enter politics td avoid po
sing as wits.
When the roster of the new Congress is
made up the name of John Allen of Mis
sissippi will be missing. After eighteen
years of service he has decided to retiie
to private life.
rience at a Florida Hostelry.
Private John Allen's Singular Expe-
AFRAID OF THE HOTEL BILL.
Two boys who were enjoying target
practice in the neighborhood with a
Christmas gift rifle "are thought to have
been responsible for. the Interrupted din
ner. They wero taken into custody and
after being deprived of their" dang«rous
toy released. -
LOS ANGELES, Dec. 25— The Christ
mas dinner of Nicholas Wolff to-day was
unduly interrupted by a bullet which
crashed through the window of his house
on Lamar street and buried itself in his
face. The bullet entered the flesh at the
temple, but was deflected by the sku'.l
and lodged in the muscles of the face.
The wound, which is not dangerous, was
treated at the Receiving Hospital.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SHOT WHILE
EATING DINNER
Los Angeles Man Has a Nar
row Escape From
Death.
Captain David Ingram of Vancouver,
who haa circled the globe twice, was one
of the passengers. He said that three
times the voyagers felt that all hope was
gone. Not a meal'could be served in^ the
saloon during the xoyage.
The only one of the crew injured in the
long voyage was Willjam Thompson, a
fireman, who .was hurled against the deck
rails and had two ribs fractured.
The engines had to be stopped on the
15th to cool some overheated journals, and
the next day the main steampipes gave so
much trouble another stop had to be
made. -
Gales and head seas swept the ship
from the moment 'she left Moville at mid
night of December 11, the feed pipes of
the engines gave out and the Nebraska
was hove to for three hours, headed Into
the seas washing over her.
It was at this time that a wave smashed
the two lighthouses containing the side
lights. The, vessel was rolling and lift
ing, to the seas or plunping into v them.
The steerage passengers were all in ter
ror and the cabin voy«£ers clung .to their
berths. I The feed pipes were repaired and
improvised sidelights placed. ' •
The engines could not force her forward
at more than three knots an hour. Some
times she moved less than two knots*
Two of the lifeboats on the port side
forward were smashed to splinters on De
cember 15. The vessel logged but fifty
miles for that twenty-four hours, and for
six days she made less than ninety miles.
On board the Allan State liner when she
left Glasgow on December 6 were 10 sa
loon, 30 second cabin and 70 Bteerage pas
sengers. Officers and passengers declared
the wreckage on deck gave but a faint
Idea* of the horror of the voyage. Three
times the machinery broke down and the
vessel had to be hove to.
NEW YORK, Dec. 25.— It. was a more
than merry Christmas for the 110 pas
sengers on the belated Allan Line steam
er ( State of .Nebraska. . Nineteen days out
from the Cfyde, eight days overdue, tho
Nebraska crept Into port here with
smashed lifeboats, demolished lighthouses
and broken and twisted rails. It was the
first clear day the voyagers, had seen
since December, when' the Nebraska
steamed out of Moville, Ireland, in the
face of a gale that swept her decks.
State of Nebraska Encoun
ters a Succession of
Storms. : .',
ATLANTIC LINER'S
ROUGH VOYAGE
NAPA, Dec. 25.— Henry K. Ruger, a
German, was found dead in his room at
the German House in this city to-day. Ho
had been In town only five days, coming
from Stockton to Napa. He was about 60
years of age. Coroner Kyser will hold an
inquest Wednesday.
Found Dead in Bed.
WOODLAND, Dec. 25— William Keith,
convicted last week of assault, waa yes
terday sentenced by Judge Gaddis to
serve a term of fifteen years in the Fol
som State Prison.
Keith Sentenced.
BAKERSFIELD. Dec. 25.— Eneardon
Salazar stabbed and killed Joaquin Mar
tinez at an early hour this morning. The
tragedy occurred in the Borgwardt tract,
where a Mexican fandango had been run
ning all night. Jealousy la supposed to be
the cause of the killing. , "'
Salazar sent his dagger to th» hilt In
Martinez's back, and the wound looks as
though he had turned the knife around
before pulling it out. Officers are pursu
ing Salazar.
Encarcion Salazar, Maddened . With
Jealousy, fatally Stabs Joa
quin Martinez. ' " /-
TRAGEDY MABKS CLOSE
OF MEXICAN" FANDAUGO
PETALUMA, Dec. 25.— Miss Mattie
Wiers and Daniel Melehan were married
at high noon to-day at St. Vlncent'3
Catholic Church In this city. The wed
ding was the social affair of the day.
One hundred guests thronged the cfcurch.
which was prettily decorated. The wed
ding ceremony was spoken by Rev.
Father Cleary. " • - - - ;-./ s-~-
The bride was given away by ner
brother, James Wiers. Miss Lottie Auf
derheid of San Francisco was bridesmaid.
The wedding ring was borne by little
Alolsa Tompkins. a niece of the bride.
The bride was attired In a tan traveling
gown of kersey and carried a bouquet of
white violets.
After the ceremony the guests an-
Journed to the home of the bride's mother,
where a wedding breakfast was served.
A few days will be spent at San Joso
by the couple. They will reside her© la
a newly fitted cottage.
of Daniel Melehan.
WEDDED AT PETALOTdA.
Miss Mattie Wiers Becomes the Brida
Schaefer was the captain of a boat on
the Delaware and Hudson canal in 1876.
When the boat season passed Schaefer re
turned to his home and learned that his
children had been cent to the Susque
hanna Valley Home at Blnghamton.
When he visited the home to see his chil
dren he learned that his two-year-old
baby girl Lizzie had been taken out of the
Institution, and he was unable to gain
any further Information.
Since that time the father .has lived In
Ignorance of Lizzie. After searching dil
igently his efforts have been rewarded by
finding the missing child, now grown to
womanhoo'd, in the ..home of a Christian
woman In . a . city in the I Interior of this
State. She had been adopted, received a
good education and bore the name of the
family. Until four years ago the young
woman supposed that the woman who had
adopted her was her mother, and the ties
will not be severed. The adopted child
will remain In the only home she has ever
known.
MIDDLETOWN. N. Y., Dec. 25.— After a.
separation of twenty-three years, John
Schaefer has discovered the whereabouts
of his daughter, Lizzie, and this has been
a Joyous Christmas for both.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
John Schaefer Discovers
Whereabouts of His
Long- Lost Child.
UNITED AFTER
TWENTY YEARS
Thomas V. D. Hardinds.*
PASADENA, Dec. 25.— Hon. Thomas V.
D.Hardinds of England, a former Judge
Advocate in India, died to-day In this
city, aged. 67 years.
MILWAUKEE, Dec. 25.— Colonel Henry
B. Harshaw, formerly State Treasurer of
Wisconsin, ¦ died to-day, of cancer of . the
tongue. He served in the Iron Brigade
during the civil war. \ .
Colonel Henry B. Harshaw.
SPRINGFIELD. Ohio. Dec. 25.— Rev.
Charles Reuben Hall, Bishop - Coadjuta
tor of the Springfield diocese of the Epis
copal church, died at Cairo at 1 o'clock
this afternoon of valvular disease of the
heart. He was aged 63 years. Deceased
had held his present position since 1S92.
He had been' ill r-for. two years, critically
bo for several weeks past. Bishop Sey
mour will officiate at the funeral, which
will probably be held Thursday. Inter
ment will be at Philadelphia.
Rev. Charles R. Hall.
PETALl'MA, Dec 25.— Mrs. Crawford,
wife of J.' B. Crawford, a prominent mer
chant of this city, died suddenly at her
home here this morning. Heart disease
was the cause of. her death. Mrs. Craw
ford was 50 years of age. With her hus
band she .has lived In this city for some
fifteen years. She leaves a family of
three daughters and one son. The de
ceased, was a prominent member of An
tletam- Corps, Woman's Relief Corps. Tho
corps will have charge of the funeral,
which will take place- on Thursday.
Mrs. J. B. Crawford.
WOODLAND, Dec. 25— Charles ,W.
Scott died suddenly about 1 o'clock yes
terday morning at his home near Madi
son. About 11 o'clock Sunday night, he
and his wife sat down by the fire to read
the papers. About midnight he persuaded
Mrs. Scott to retire, telling her that he
would follow a few minutes later. An
hour afterward Mrs. Scott awoke, and,
finding that her husband had not yet
6ought his bed, arose and went out fnto
the sitting-room to ascertain the reason.
She found him reclining In the chair as
if asleep. He had taken off his glasses
and laid them with the paper on the ta
ble. His body was stpl warm, but life
was extinct. He evidently died without
a struggle. Deceased was a native of
New York and 70 yturs of age. He came
to California in 1852 and has resided in
Yolo county nearly ever since. He was
prominent in business and politics and one
of the most highly esteemed residents of
the county. He leaves a wife and three
children, one of whom, Mrs. Nettie Cun
ningham, is a resident of San Francisco.
Charles W. Scott.
The accident was witnessed by only one
person, a shipmate of Formel's, who had
been out drinking with him in town.
The sailor, who had aroused the cap
tain, showed him where Formel had
fallen overboard. The man's cap was
found hanging on a pile which was float
ing In the water between the ship and
the wharf piling. There was a blotch of
blood on the stick, showing that the mate
had struck his head on the pile when
he fell. The body was . recovered. ,. For
mel has relatives living in San Francisco.
THE DAY'S DEAD.
SEATTLE, Dec. 25.— After Imbibing too
freely of liquors last, night in honor of
Christmas.. Charles Formel. second mate
of the sailing schooner Anowa, walked
overboard from the wharf where the ves
sel was lying at Stimson's mill, in Bal
laxd, and was drowned before assistance
could reach him.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
owa Loses His Jjife
at Ballard.
Charles Formel of the An-
SCHOONER'S MATE
WALKS OVERBOARD
SAN LUIS OBISPO, Dec. 25.—War
ren M. - John and Miss Callie M.
Sloan were united in marriage at
6 o'clock this morning. The cere
mony was performed at the rest*
dence of the bride's sister, Mrs. F. S.
Flnney, Rev. E. M. Hills of St. Stephen's
Church officiating.
The groom is one of the well known
yeung men of the county and at the last
election was chosen as representative In
the Assembly by a large majority. The
bride is a • native daughter, being a
prominent member of San Luisita Parlor.
N. D. O. W. Mr. and Mrs. John departed
on the morning train for the north.
SAX JOSE. Dec. 25.— M. D. Archibald, tv
young attorney of this city, had at en
counter with "Mickey" Burrs, a yoyr,£
rough, at 3 o'clock this morning, which,
but for the interference of others, misht
have resulted in murder. Archibald, with.
William Carson and William Groves,
were passing down El Dorado street, near
Market, when Burns, who lives In that
vicinity, jumped from a doorway and
struck the attorney a violent blow on tha
head with a heavy six shooter. The pis
tol was discharged by the blow and Arch
ibald dropped like a log.
Carson attempted to take the gun from
Burns when the latter covered him am*
ordered him not to move under penalty of
death. A large crowd was attracted.
Burns then entered his home and threw
his mother, who was intoxicate*. Into tha
street. She was arrested and charged
with drunkenness. Burns succeeded in
eluding the police. He has been charged
with assault with a deadly weapon. Arch
ibald has an u?ly wound on the top of hi a
head, and Is confined to his room with
high fever. The trouble grew out of an,
altercation the men had a few hours be
fore.
Epe«al Dispatch to The Call.
Assailant Then Enters H?s Home*
- and Driv?s His Intoxicated
Mother Into the
Street.
STRIKES HIM WITH A REVOLVER.
"Mickey" Burns, a Rough,
Attacks the San Jose
Attorney .
ARCHIBALD HAS
NARROW ESCAPE
FR0M DEATH
Potts , is a highly respected citizen of
the town, having at aifforent times held
the office of Justice of the Peace and
Town -Marshal.
C. R. Wickes witnessed the occurrence
and said Potts acted purely In self de
fens^. Potts gave, himself up and was
taken before a Justice of the Peace, who
allowed him to go on his own recognl
zahce. Parker has heen stopping In town
for several weeks past and seemingly was
not in straitened circumstances, as he
wore very good clothes and has been
boarding at the Palace restaurant. At the
time of the trouble it is said he was
somewhat under the influence of liquor.
Deceased was about 35 years of age. It Is
not known where he came from.
When Potts attempted to make the ar
rest Parker resisted, drawing a knife, on
the officer and inflicting several wounds
about the left shoulder and arm. Potts
pulled a revolver from his pocket and
struck. Parker on the head. Parker soon
ceased struggling and Potts let loose of
him. Parker tumbled over on the ground
and began to vojnlt. Potts secured pos
session of the stolen property and Imme
diately sought Town Marshal Kmkade and
together they went back to the scene of
the struggle. They found the man dead.
Potts was, greatly surprised and felt very
badly over the affair.
"WILLOWS, ec. 25.— George Parker, a
worklngman, died about 6:45 ? o'clock. thl3
morning from wound3 Inflicted by Deputy
Sheriff G. M. Potts, a prominent and well
known citizen of .Willows. The tragedy
was the result of Potts' endeavoring to
arrest Parker "'for stealing Chrl8tma3
goods from- the steps of the residence of
C. R. Wickes, a son-in-law of Potts. '
Special Dispatch to The Call.
C. R. Wickes, Who Witnessed the
Occurrence, Says the Officer
Acted , in Self-
George Parker Loses His
Life in Effort to Es
cape at Willows.
? -
HAD STOLEN CHRISTMAS GOODS
BATTLES WITH
DEPUTY SHERIFF
AND IS KILLED
ASSEMBLYMAN-ELECT JOHN
WEDS A NATIVE DAUGHTER
Pretty Ceremony at the Home of Mrs. Fin
' ..ney in San Luis Obispo.
SAYS HE KILLED
MAN IN MICHIGAN
MANY YEARS AGO
Man Giving His Name as
H.' Green Surrenders \
at Sacramento.
MPLICATES HIS DEAD BROTHER
Has Served Time for Burglary and
the Police Are Inclined to
Selieve the Strange Tale
\ He Tells.
PpeoiaJ Ditpatch to Th* C_l
SACRAMENTO, Dec. 2S.— A man eivir-s
!~.is r.ame as H. <~5ro< n walked into th'.?
police station to-nlghl and reporter W
Sergeant cf Police Pojan that he desirol
to £ ive himself up for murder cominKud
in Michigan In ITS.
He said that with his brother. Jonn
Green, as an accomplice he kilkti a man.
r.ameo Bill F^eruy at Claire Station. IsS;
bclla County." Jlichlgan. by taking hirn
out into the wo<xJf. robbing him of $o>.t.
cutting his throat and throwing him into
a lake through a hole In the ice which
covered it.
The body, said Gre^n. wp.r fotmd four or
five weeks later, and a mnn named An
derson was arrested for the murder, but
ni acauittiM. After the crime Gr.^en.
according to his confession, unlisted In
the army and was assigned to Jefferson
Barrack*, where he remained three or
four month?. He had enlisted under the
::ame of Jones. IiPii.-rr.ins to Michigan
he was sentenced at Corona to six years'
imprisonment for buiglary committed
there.
••My number on the Rta'e prison regis
ter was li*?2 H." said Green. "J. workfi
in the trip-hammer shop tempering the
tools. In 1*7* I went before a constable
and swore that I knew a man who ha-1
committed the Feenev murder. I was
trying to put up a job to get the reward
for that murder, but I did not follow out
the Idea."
"\v*;y have you jriven yourself up to
r.ipht." Green was ar-ked.
"Because this thinsr has been driving
rne crazy." replied Green. "Two or thre^
times I had poison and would have swal
lowed it, but I did not have the r.erve.
Lately I have been unable to sleep, and I
have resolved that 1 would have this
thing come to an end. I am not trying to
work any passage back East, because all
you have to do is to telegraph to tho
V.'arden of Michigan totate prison to see
whether my story is correct. I expect
when I go back to get life Imprisonment.
My brother was John Green, alias John
Morgan, and he is the man who attempt
ed to hold up the overland express in the
Yr.Io tuies three or four vears ago and
wrf shot and killed bv the engineer,
Engle. who was afterward rewarded by
the railroad with a watch for his brav
ery. My brother is now lying in a pau-
P*?r'e jrrave In this city. We were loggers
in Michigan ¦when FVeney was killed."
The officers incline to believe that
Green is tellmg the truth: that his man
ner seems to bear out this idea. He cei
tainly "bears a resemblance to Morgan,
the train robber. He will be kept in cus
tody pending developments.
Arizona. Hawaii and the Philippine Isl
ands, In the latter district following close
ly upon the heels of the American oeu
pants. Their work has been always for
ward, and they have opened sheltering
homes for men and women in San Fran
cisco, Los Angeles and Salt Lake. Res^
cue homes for fallen women have be£n
established by them in Beulah, Los An
geles, Salt Lake and Honolulu, where a
seamen's home is also being maintained.
During the coming N week farewell meet
ings will be held at the headquarters of
the different corps to bo changed. The
final farewell in San Francisco will take
the form of an officers' council and ban
quet at the headquarters, 1139 Market
street, on the night of January 10, when
it is expected that officers from all sec
tions of the division on the Pacific Coast,
at present under command of the Colonels
Evans, will be present.
The grand final farewell will be a mon
ster affair, to take place in Oakland on
January 13. where the officers reside with
their families. On the following day they
will depart for the East, and there will
be a demonstration at the train prior to
their leaving.
Colonel George French, who has been in
charge of the Middle West division, em
bracing the Sfates of Indiana Michigan.
Illinois, Wisconsin and others in that sec
tion, will succeed them. Colonel French
is one of the most aggressive workers in
the army, a man of fine presence, and an
able speaker. He is expected to arrive in
San Francisco about January 22, when he
will be accorded a rousing welcome. He
will visit the posts of his army en route.
=?v ( OSTON, Dec. 25.— Lieutenant Col
)I onel William J. C^isens, divi
yV sional chief of the New England
¦£J department of the Salvation
Army, with a considerable por
tion of his staff, have been transferred by
Commander Booth-Tucker, the head of
the army in America to Philadelphia,
whence Colonel Cosens will command the
division including Pennsylvania, the Dis
trict of Columbia, Maryland, Delaware,
West Virginia and a part of New Jersey.
This change was made at a council of
the ten divisional officers of the United
States In New York a little. more than a
week ago, but has not been known here.
Lieutenant Colonel Evans of San Fran
cisco and his father. Lieutenant Colonel
Richard Evans, will assume the direction
of the work of the Salvation Army in
New England" a few days after Colonel
Cosens leaves.
Official notification of the change was
sent yesterday to Lieutenant Colonel
Richard Evans and Lieutenant Colonel
William Evans In San Francisco. Father
and son are of equal rank, and with their
respective wives have for three years past
had charge of the advancement of the
social branch of the Army's work on* the
Pacific Coast. . "¦ '
Every few years changes of this kind
are made, and the divisional officers are
sent to new fields of labor. The Evanses
have had direct control of the Salvation
Army In California, Nevada, Utah and
SHIPS DAMAGED
BY RECENT STORM
Three Vessels Now in
the Harbor at Port
Angeles.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
PORT ANGELES, Wash.. Dec 25.—
Three vessels which felt the fury of the
recent storm are in the harbor. The ship
Yosemite looks as though a cyclone had
struck her, her upper works being almost
demolished. The German ship Carl
reached here this morning in bad shape.
She left Tacoma four weeks ago laden
witlr-wheat. She was compelled to throw
overboard fifty fons of wheat. She is leak
ing badly. The Highland Light, laden with
coal, was bound for San Francisco. The
storm handled her roughly. She is leak
ing badly and will probably be unloaded
here. The captains of all the ships are old
men who have followed the sea all their
lives, and each of them states the recent
storm off the Pacific coast was the worst
they ever encountered In any waters.
REPORTER IS DISABLED.
Tug Tatoosh Is Towing the Schooner
Into Port.
SEATTLE, Dec. 25.— The schooner Re
porter, which left Gray's Harbor twenty
days ago, lumber laden, for San Francsco.
is being towed to Port Townsend by the
tug Tatoosh.
The Reporter ran Into the recent fierce
gale off the Columbia - River, and waa
driven north twenty miles beyond Cape
Flattery. During her trip she lost most
of her deckload and is leaking badly. The
Tatoosh saw her while the tug was tow-
Ing the disabled bark Highland Light to
a place of safety, after which she re
turned to the rescue cf the Reporter.
SAYS MARQITETTFS BONES
WERE FOUND IX>NG AGO
College Named After the Explorer
Claims to Have the Relics in
Its Possession. r .
MANAGER FOR BRICK
COMPANY ARRESTED
MILWAUKEE. WIp.. Dec 25.— Surprise
was occasioned in this city by the pub
lished report of the discover}* of the sup
posed bones of Father Marquette near
Frankfort, Mich. It has been supposed
for the last twenty-live years that the re
mains of Father Marquette are In the
possession of Marquette College, this city.
They were located by Father Jacker, an
Indian missionary, in 1878 at St. Ignace,
Mich., on the site of the chapel of the
mission of St. Ignatius, ¦which Father
Marquette founded in 1671. Father Jacker
found the ruins of the chapel, and dig
ging beneath the altar's site discovered
the relics. They were sent to Marquette
College, which was then being built. A
celebration was held at St. Ignace in 1879
en account of Father Jacker's discovery.
Charged With Embezzlement on the
Same Day That He Breaks
World's Bowling B«cord.
INDIANAPOLIS, Dec. 25— T. Webb Jay,
local manager for the Frick Manufactur
ing Company of 'Waynesboro, 111., and
champion bowler of the State, was ar
rested to-day on the charge of embezzle
ment- His shortage Is estimated to be
about SSOOO, but cannot be definitely de
termined until a thorough examination of
hi* books has been made.
The arrest was made at the Instance of
S. B. Rinehart, president of the company,
who came here last Saturday to make an
investigation of the branch.
Jay to-day at the Cincinnati Club
broke the world's rec«rd by bowling 299
out of a possible 300 points. Strike after
strike was marie in his game with three
comrade*? until the last ball, which missed
the eighth pin.
CHICAGO FIRE CAUSES
PANIC IN A HOTEL
O'I*eary Clubhouse and Other Build
ings Opposite the Transit ¦
Hous* Destroyed.
CHICAGO. Dec. 26.— A stockyards fire
early to-day caused a panic among the
guests of the Transit House and resulted
in the destruction of the noted O'Leary
clubhouse, entailing losses aggregating
$30,000. Aside from the clubhouse the
building of four stories, containing a
white lead factory, gum factory and" a
hardware store, was partially destroyed.
The Transit House, which was across the
etreet from the burned building, was at
no time In danger. .._,..%,'
«• \
BRINGS FIVE GENDARMES.
French Guardians, Bound for Tahiti,
Arrive in Hew York on the
Normandy.
NEW YORK. Dec. 25.— The Normandie
of the French line, which has just arrived
here from Havre, after a stormy voyage,
brought five French gendarmes In full
uniform who are going to Tahiti, the prin
cipal island of the Society group in the
South Pacific, which is owned by France.
They were in charge of' a sub-lieutenant
and came from Lyons. They will relieve
a like number now in Tahiti. They will
cross the continent to San Francisco and
will there embark for their destination.
Killed by an Engine.
STOCKTON, Dec. 25.— William Tobin.
bridge tender at the San Joaquin bridge,
was struck by a loose engine to-night
and Instantly killed. He was riding a
railroad bicycle on the track at' the time.
Deceased was 30 years of age and leaves
a father and mother. The remains were
removed to the morgue.
Phaeton at San Diego.
SAX DIEGO. Dec. 25.— The cruiser Phae
ton of _he British Pacific squadron came
In this noon on her way from Esquimau
to Panama, whither fhe was ordered on
account r>t the Colombian rebellion and
the disturbances which may follow, it. Jt
was not the intenUon to put In here,
out one of the sailors Is suffering from a
fractured leg and will be left here. The
Phaeton will continue on her way to-
Borrow. *
Stops the Cough
Aji4 wortce off the' Cold. Laxative* Bromo
2uio!ne Tablets cure a cold In one day. • Xo
Sui«. Xo Pay. Price 25 cents. •
ADDITIONAL PKOTECTION
FOR GAME IN YOSEMITE
Major Rucker Decides to Have the
Park Policed in Winter as Well
as Summer Months. >
YOSEMITE, Dec. 19.— Major Louis H.
RuckeV, Sixth Cavalry, Troop F, superin
tendent of the Yosemite National Park,
has just made a second trip down tho
canyon of the Merced River twenty miles
from Yosemite Valley, where a cable
bridge and foot trail are being construct
ed to aid the mail system and the public.
The major reports that the bridge Is com
pleted and in a short time the trail will
also be finished. He says that his two
forest rangers, Charles Leidig and Archi
bald Leonard, have been doing excellent
work> in the park this winter.
In previous years so soon as the troop
left the park in November for the Pre
sidio, eportsmen from all the surrounding
country would pour into the park and
make a general slaughter of the game.
The soldiers only protected the game in
the summer for the hunters to kill by the
wholesale In the winter. The Government
only .provides two forest rangers to guard
the park during the winter months and it
is not possible for them to do justice to
such a large area of land. It is easv for
the hunters to ascertain their where
abouts and avoid them. This season the
major announced his 'intention of making
trips into the park throughout the winter.
This is the first time any superintendent
has ever done this, and it has had thede-'
sired effect— to intimidate the hunters^-so
the forest rangers and people in this vl
cinlty report
The major expects to make another visit
very soon by the way of Raymond. ¦'
ORDERED TO ASSUME
NEW FIELDS OF LABOR
Salvation Army Officers Soon to Leave San
Francisco for New England.
TELE SAIST FRANCISCO QAIJL, TVEDNESDAY, DECEMBER 26, 1900.
ASSEMBLYMAN-ELECT WARREN M. JOHN AND MISS CALLIE M.
,- . SLOA>«\ WHO' WERE MARRIED AT THE RESIDENCE OF THE
BRIDE'S SISTER IN SAN LUIS OBISPO.
¦¦:¦•- . • • " * ¦ • *
LIEUTENANT COLONEL WILLIAM EVANS OF THE SALVATION
ARMY, WHO, WITH HIS FATHER, HAS, BEEN DIRECTED TO AS
SUME CHARGE OF THE DIVISION OF NEW ENGLAND.
. ST.- JOSEPH,. MlchJ.v Dec. 13. -Fire in .Eau
Claire, fifteen miles east -of this city, to-4ay
destroyed, half the business section."- Loss SJ5O .
In St. Paul's the other day a guide was
showing a gentleman round the tombs
- VTi? at - slr> " eald th e man. "his the tomb
of the greatest naval *ero Europe or the
world never- knew-Lord Nelson's. This
rnarble^sarcoughosus weigh? forty-two
tons. Hlnslde that his a steel receptlcle
weighing twelve tons andhinstde that is a
leaden casket 'ermetieally sealed, weigh
ing over two tons. Hinside that is a ma
hogany; coffin holding the aahes of the
great eco. •••¦¦..
" X y. e , n '''..T Sa!d the Yankee, after thinking
a while. "I guess you've got him. If ever
he gets out of that cable me at my ex-
Perfectly Secure.
And If a man Is to writo about soldier-
Ing, It la as well that he should write, to
the best of his ability,. after. the manner
of Mr. Kipling, rather. than after the man
ner of Mr. -.Alt red * Austin, r For-whetlfer
we like it or;not. (and jsomeof ua like it
no better than our fathers liked the style
of young Alfred Tennyson), Mr. Kipling
has created a style— has ¦ Invented a me
dium — anfl, : as ']¦. a necessary » consequence,
has founded a. school. ¦ For;long and long
enough there will , be . poems . a'f ter > the
manner of Kipling, ; just as we have* had
poems after the manner of .Tennyson, "and
from the more ambitious - and > less skilful
of our: poetllngs, ¦ poems; after the j close,
obscure manner of Browning.
2
- ADVERTISEMENT^
KNEW HIS BUSINESS.
Knew Something Besides What He
Bead in Books.
The wise, up-to-date, modern doctor is
no longer tied down to tho hard and fast
rules of what his medical books say he
shall use and what he may withhold in
treating his patient.
The successful doctor nowadays is tha
one who is quick to avail himself of any
remedy, new or old, which holds out a
chance of cure no matter whether it 13
Allopathic, Homeopathic or neither one.
Dr. Jennison. in an interesting article
on ttjdigestltlon and dyspepsia says:
"Nine-tenths of all people, who apply to
me for advice and treatment think they
have this ailment or that ailment, but I
find on close examination that their whole-
trouble arises from poor digestion.
They have little appetite, and if they
do have an appetite, the food they eat
does them no good. Why? Because It Is
but half digested, causing thin blood,
weak nervea. sleeplessness, aching: bones,
pains in chest, formation of gases, belch-
ing, etc. They tell me they believe they
have consumption, or heart disease, rheu-
matism, nervous prostration, in fact most
every disease but the right one.
In -reality, the whole trouble is in, the
stomach and nowhere else. Now what do
I do with such people? I don't feed, them
on prerdigested foods like babies, nor
"stomach bitters." nor patent nostrums
which I know nothing about. No honor-
able physician will prescribe a remedy
unless he knows what it contains and its
probable effects.
For all such patients I have but one
prescription. I advise them to gro to the
nearest drug store and get a 50-cent box
of Stuart's Dyspepsia Tablets. I use them
with remarkable success in all cases of
indigestion arfd stomach trouble, because
I know what Stuart's Dyspepsia Tablets
consist of and what they win do. They
contain the vegetable essences, diastase
and government test pepsin, which are tha
things every weak stomach lacks to re-
store natural digestive vigor, and if I
had dyspepsia myself it is the one remedy
I should take.
When a patient comes to me complain-
ing of dull headaches, sour stomach, bad
taste, nervousness, belching of gas. or
heart trouble, which is generally caused
from indigestion. I tell him to take one or
two of Stuart's Tablets after each meal
and as often during the day as he has
any trouble, and I feel confident I nave
given that patient the best advice I could
give."
< Stuart's Dyspepsia Tablet* are large,
pleasant* tasting lozenges, containing dias-
tase and pepsin, combined with fruit and
vegetable essences. They are not cathar-
tic and do not act on any particular organ
like ordinary drugs, but simply act en-
tirely on the food eaten. They are a nat-
ural digestive, pure and simple. ¦
Stuart's Dyspepsia Tablets are sold by
druggists at 50 cents per package through-
out the United States, Canada and Great
Britain. .
TewarF
Notice in hei»eby fthren that a re-
ward of S50O will be paid for in-
formation leading to the arrest
and conviction of parties who ma-
'" llcSounly or otherwise tamper with
-th* poles, lines, transformers,
wires* manholes, cables, conduits,
lamps, meters, fuses or other
property of the Independent Elec-
tric LSjtht and Power Company.SKETCH OF THE MAN FOUND HANGING TO A TREE NEAR CROCK
ETT. IT WAS AT FIRST BELIEVED THAT THE BODY WAS THAT
OF C. J. WALDEN, THE MISSING SAN QUENTJN ACCOUNTANT.
¦- A' curious "crimlnal'law exists in Greece.'
A < man ..who ; Is : there •: sentenced ¦, to ; death
waits two years . before - the execution ? of
the ; sentence. --3lBHSI&M9nttBHnsf
A double wedding is one kind of a four
in-hand tie.
Foot-binding In China Is In obedience to
custom merely, and not to law. - The same
may be said about wearing - queues. / No
gentleman In China would go without a
queue any more than a- gentleman would
wear one in. this country.^ It is not true
that Chinese who cut off their queues are
executed. They are. not punished in any
way except by common contempt". ;
. "Well," was . the witty " reply of , Dr.
Browne, . "It Is not ; for, me to object, : for
tne greatest of the three is charity."
One on the Bishop.
A London newspaper tells a, good story
about the Bishop of London and his suf
fragans. At a public dinner, the three lead
ers of the church in the diocese happened
to be guests. The Bishop of London far
rived first and the suffragans followed on.
As soon as, the latter wore announced the
Bishop stepped ' forward and warmly
greeted them, adding; jSflWBJHMpp
"So we are all three here, eh? Faith,
Hope and Charity!",. -/-.':;, ¦¦ ¦-:
¦¦VYes, we are all here," was the answer,
"and! suppose we may designate your
Lordship Faith?"
"Of course," replied the Blsho". "lam
Faith., Earle Is -Hope and we shall call
you Charity, Stepney, because you are al
ways begging." ,-- ¦ .-.
"Yourself, myself and George .W.
Senator i from Nebraska smiled con
temptuously, and ¦ remarked : .
..".What lnl thunder Is < the .use of drag
ging. George Peck in?- He Is not here." '
"What is« the - matter, \"Watterson?" - he
inquired. "You look down in the mouth.".
¦"I .was thinking," said. the great editor,
"of the decay of oratory In * the country.
Yearsago we had many, notable orators-.
Clay, . Calhoun.%- Webster ; and t others — but
to-day you can count them on the fingers
of one hand: ..Why, Thurston.- I ; know of
but three : men in v all the United States
who are entitled to ' be called orators." .
"Who are they?" inquired Thurston. . <¦
1 George' R.^ Peck 'is here, which, Is not a
fact of ' great importance, because he
comes, to ."Washington frequently, but it is
useful as a. peg to hang a story, on, says
a- correspondent in the r Chicago • Record.
Last winter the Hon. Henry. Watterson of
Kentucky sat in a retired corner In Cham
berlain's drinking high. balls, so they say,
when Senator Thurston walked -over to
his table. ' . . _: •
One ' Name Too Many.
. ¦ The, Consul .¦.immediately; cabled, to Ber
lin > for instructions ¦ and Captain Potts ; is
now calmly awaiting . the ¦ reply.— London
Mail. •-.',-¦•-- ;¦¦¦«/• ' ,.v ¦:¦¦-'.>*;. ¦ , -¦•- - •'¦ -\ ¦
• The lucky captain obtained this remark
able relic of - war : in a ¦« quite haphazard
fashion. Recently at . Tientsin he ; came
across some Russians soldiers who had
been present at the looting of Peking. One
of tho;RussIans had the rarely .bestowed
order among his share of the loot,* but he
was - too i Ignorant : to i recognize Its great
value.- Captain Potts had no difficulty in
arriving at the correct conclusion when he
eet eyes ion the insignia and the Emperor
William's letter, and for a trifling- sum he'
secured | possession ¦ of the . two.'. When the
captain arrived at Shanghai and exhibited
his prize the German Consul said that he
must take charge of it, but Captain Potts
declined'; to part, with it. . He said that* he
was not at all- anxious, to sell, -and put a
fabulous price on the. trophy. ¦¦- - _i -,
Captain Potts of the Maxim Company of
the Hongkong Volunteer Corps has just
secured an extraordinary trophy of war
nothing; less than the Order of the ! Black
Eagrle, set with precious stones, which the
German Emperor * sent out by Prince
Henry to the Emperor of China. . He has
also the autograph letter from the "Kaiser
which accompanied the decoration. : ,;
Eagle*! Came to a British Officer.
How the Chinese. Emperor's "Black
A2T IMPERIAL TBOPHY.
Last year 103 bottles were picked up in
the Atlantic - sixteen in the Pacific and
two in the Indian Ocean. .The length of
the bottles' voyage varies. One was
thrown out on September. 13, 1895, between
Newfoundland: and Iceland, and first re
covered on a sand bank of the Bahama
islands on May 22, 1898.- It had made 4560
kilometers at the small velocity of eight
kilometers a^ day." The" quickest* voyage
that has yet been observed was made by
a bottle. thrown out on ' May 7, 1S90, near
the mouth of the Orinoco, and found on
the 13th of the same month "190 sea miles
to the northwest, having been driven at
a speed of fifty-six kilometers, a day.—
Paris Messenger. ->..; .;
The Gefman Government Intends. to in
stitute a special department for "bottle
messages," after the example of the Unit
ed States. They are to be used for scien
tific purposes, as they have proved of the
greatest service for navigation. ' They
were first employed for this object in 1S02
for the investigation of the great currents
of the- ocean, particularly the Gulf
Stream. Berghaus compiled a chart of 16
bottles found on the North Atlantic
Coast. In 1843 Belcher published the first
chart ' constructed* on -the 119 finds. Such
bottles are now protected by international
law. ¦> A systematic study was first begun
by the ' United •¦ States, i Since 1895 bottles
have been thrown out by special Govern
ment officials under the supervision of the
Naval Office. - Sea . captains • are • given
forms containing the following items in
seven languages: "Currents,* name of
ship, name of captain, day of dispatch,
name of finder, day and place of the find."
The captain' fills up the first part of the
form, and throws ft overboard in a care
fully sealed bottle. Having fllledup the
second ' part of ! the form, he sends It to
the Naval - Office in Washington, or the
nearest American Consulate.;
Study of Ocean Currents.
Method Used by Uncle Sam in the
BOTTLE MESSAGES.
Comparing this showing with the volume
of business on hand in the early summer
of 1899 we find a distinct gam of $7,000,009
in the value of contracts, inasmuch as the
commissions in the hands of the builders
at that time amounted to approximately
$62,000,000. That the growth of the industry
Is. moreover, even greater than evidenced
by these figures may bo appreciated by -a
comparison of the sundry items which go
to make up each total. It will thus be
peen that whereas the volume of naval
work fell off $8,000,000, without taking into
consideration the Russian contract, the
value of the shipbuilding on the inland
rivers was almost double, the aggregate
of contracts of the Great Laikes yards wa3
more than trebled and the plants on the
Atlantic and Pacific coasts showman in
crease of man}' per cent In the commis
sions on their* books. — Engineering Maga
zine. . *
The contracts in the hands of the Amer
ican shipbuilders afford an equally satis
factory showing. There are now building
or under contract in the shipyards of tho
United States mercantile and naval ton
nage which represents an aggregate value,
exclusive of the armor and armament for
the naval vessels, of $69,000,000. Of this
total the naval vessels building for the
United States Navy Department foot up
in round numbers $34,50'),000; the two Rus
sian war vessels building at the yard of
"William Cramp & Sons Company, $5,000,
000: the mercantile vessels on the Atlantic
and Pacific coasts, $1S,000,000; the mercan
tile vessels on the Great Lakes, $10,000,000,
and the mercantile craft on the inland
rivers. 51.500.000.
That the shipyards of the country are In
a generally prosperous condition is indi
cated by the fact that during the last six
months of 1839 and the first four months
of 1900 there was only one failure among
firms operating plants of any magnitude.
On the other hand a number of shipbuild
ing establishments which had been closed
for some time were reopened, and there
was scarcely one of the more prominent
institutions which did not inaugurate en
largements or improvements, these-exten
sions amounting in some instances to a
virtual doubling of the capacity of the
yard. Most significant of all is the fact
that in the interval mentioned there were
projected ten new shipbuilding corpora
tions, which propose to erect plants en
tailing outlays ranging all the way from
$500,000 to $6,000,000. Some of these new
projects are already well advanced, and
if all are carried out on the lines made
out the aggregate expenditure will exceed
$20,000,000.
dustry in This Country.
Encouraging Results From the In-
MONET IN SHIPBUILDING.
-Baskets - of provisions were also sent to
700 : poor i families. » In the evening in . the
armory. there w-as an entertainment, with
two Immense Christmas trees loaded with
presents for poor children.
"Christmas should be a happy day, con
secrated to the highest sentiments of true
happiness. It should be confined to no
class or sect, but be consecrated to him
who came to earth for all men. It is a
happy day. made happy by these kind
and noble women, whom I call practical
Christians. I am glad to have occasion to
express my appreciation of the Salvation
Army. It is tho kindergarten of Chris
tianity. It fulfills the needs that other in
stitutions fail to fill. It gives an oppor
tunity to those who have none. It lays
the foundation of law and good order; it
advances higher civilization, and the city
of Cleveland is fortunate in having such
a band of Christian workers. This labor
to be entirely successful should have the
support of all good citizens ;. therefore, my
friends, renew your allegiance and give
your support to this grand work. .
"May God bless all those In this labor;
and may all join In the fulfillment of
higher promises." •
The food disposed of consisted of 2.600
poumls of turkey, 2,000 pounds of chicken.
1,200 pounds of pork, seventy-five, bushels
of potatoes, 1,600 loaves of bread, 150 heads
of . cabbage, 500 gallons of coffee . and 800
mince pies. ;.\- . ,_ •
CLEVELAND, 0., Dec. 25.— The Salva
tion Army fed 1,500 people to-day in the
Grays' Armory.* Twenty-five long tables
¦were used, covered with paper and fur
nished with tin dishe6. A large squad of
police rjad a busy time keeping the men
and boys in good order. Senator Hanna,
who is a stanch friend of the Salvation
Army, was present and was greeted with
cheers. He made a short speech, in which
he said:
Salvation Army Feeds More
Than a Thousand
EmT ft f\ %"\ I A
r cupio.
CHRISTMAS FARE
FOR THE POOR
PUEBLO, "Colo., Dec. 25.— Th« police
have failed thus far to unearth any clew
to the whereabouts of Maggie Hoel, tho
young lady who mysteriously disappeared
three days ago from her uncle's home,
near the city. The impression is growing
that she left of her own accord. One the
ory, is that the girl fled to avoid fulfilling
her marriage engagement, which was set
for two ¦ or three months ahead. Another
is that she has fallen into the hands of
the proprietress of some bad house. In
either case, however, it does not seem
that Maggie. would have gone without
either her hat or wraps. . •
There is a probability that the unknown
and well-dressed woman who was in that
vicinity in a coach drawn by white horses
on the morning previous to. her disappear
ance had 'some connection with the mys
tery, though the strange woman gave a
sharp and , repelling reply to Miss Hoel
when" the girl Inquired if she could assist
her. The house is in an isolated place in
the river bottoms, surrounded by thickets,
and the presence there of a fine coach and
richly dressed woman is something very
unusual. : -
May Be Connected With the
Disappearance of Mag
gie Hoel. (
UNKNOWN WOMAN
UNDER SUSPICION
""When talking a few days ago In these
columns about the celebrated collectors
and collections, I omitted to mention that
the Earl of Lonsdale takes a special
pleasure In collecting natural history speci
mens, many of the animals to be seen at
Lowther Castle having been secured dur
ing his Arctic and Egyptian travels,"
writes Vera in the Pittsburg Dispatch.
The Earl is also credited with possessing
an -extremely line collection of historic
whips, some of which having been valued
as high as $1500. Miss Ellen Terry loves
to preserve. In her many cabinets, royal
autographs, as well as "plnces-nez" and
monocles belonging to famous men, while
Madame Pattl owns hundreds of superb
and historical daggers and other-sharp
pointed weapons. As far as scientific col
lections are concerned, that which Dr.
Luys of the Salpetriere Hospital In Paris
recently presented to the faculty of medi
cine, and which consists of 2200 human
brains preserved in methylated spirits,
may be honorably mentioned, for It is the
result of thirty years of patient study and
investigation. A well-known- barrister
and member of the British Parliament
is the proud possessor of 3000 menu
cards. Details, however, are not given as
to whether he still - retains ¦ his digestion
unimpaired after the gastronomies! feat
which such a collection indicates. The
collection of warming pans owned by M.
Nestor Roqueplan. which includes speci
mens used by such illustrious ladies as
Mary Queen of -Scots. Catherine ' de
M«"dicis, Diane de Poictiers, Marie An
toinette, Queen Gerberge of France,
Queen Caroline, Empress Maria Theresa
and Empress Catherine of Russia, Is a
magnificent one, while the late Mr. Bar
niche's collection of 24,000 unhung pictures
is at least strikingly original. Original
ity ran in the Barniche family, for Mr.
Bamiche's daughter was wont to 'deck
the statues in her garden during the sum
mer with garlands of foliage, while dur
ing the winter they were swathed in
warm woolen garments, and when not en
gaged in these odd pursuits, she caused
herself to be wheeled all around her na
tive village in an ordinary wheelbarrow
propelled by a female servant, whose task
wae by no means an easy one, for the
lady was not a lightweight and waa very
particular about the manner in which the
wheeling was done.
Known People.
Curious Articles Collected by Well-
SOME QUEER FADS.
"In the course of time people's minds
begin . to associate a firm with Its tele
phone number, and if. when they start to
call up an old friend, they find him mas
querading tinder a new number, It is a3
much of a shock as if they "had called at
a house with whom ! they were in the
habit of doing business and found it had
moved away. It all cornea under the le
gal head of 'good will,' a very elusive
commodity, but one which has its market
value.
"So much Is this fact appreciated by
some of our old patrons that they are
willing to pay heavy mileage, if they move
away from the neighborhood of their ex
change, in order to retain their old tele
phone address. Many important houses
have followed the northward trend of
business In the last few years, and there
are several cases of a firm's office address
being In the uptown district, while its
telephone number remains so and so
Cortlandt or Broad. The firm's line to
the exchange may be several miles long."
—New York Mall and Express.
"Telephone number* have an actual
money value," said an officer of t^e Amer-,
lean Bell Telephone Company. "The as
sertion has a strange sound, but if you
think for a moment tne advantage a
business house derives from having its
location well known the thing seems only
natural.
an Actual Cash Value.
Business Firms Consider They Have
TELEPHONE NUMBERS.
some mining property. They also feared
that he might have met with foul play
at the hands of some ex-convict. Walden,
while having nothing to do with the pris
oners, was generally disliked by them for
some unknown reason. Walden was a pe
culiar man. He came to the prison years
ago to serve a sentence for embezzlement.
While there he made • his ability known
and when his term expired was put on a
salary. Many changes took place at the
prison, but Walden retained his position,
each administration realizing that no one
could be found to take his place. He
lived down his early shortcoming and en-
Joyed the friendship and society- of a large
number of people. Near the prison he had
a pretty cottage, where he Jived with his
wife. He drew a salary of $140 a month
at the prison. • ..." .
RESEMBLANCE VERY SLIGHT.
Friends of Walden Examining Pho
tograph of the Suicide.
A photograph of the remains found
hanging io the, woods near Martinez, sup
posed to be those of C. J. '¦ "Walden, ¦was
shown D. B. Faktor, a prominent German
marksman of this city, last night. Mr.
Faktor, after a careful study of the fea
tures of the dead man. said positivelv
that the remains were not those of the
missing: jute mill accountant. Mr. Fak
tor said: "I know Walden yery well,'hav
ing been a member of various shooting
societies with him. Only a few days be
fore his disappearance he was a visitor
at my place of business. The photograph
you have shown me ig not a picture of
my friend Walden."
Other friends of the missing man ex
pressed no hesitation '"when shown a pho
tograph of the dead man in declaring the
remains to be those of some other than
the prison official. Walden's face waS a
great deal stouter than that of the sui
cide, and he wore no spectacles. His
forehead was more bald than the one
shown in the photograph, otherwise the
suicide bears a slight general resemblance
to Walden.
The finding of the body of an unknown man hanging to a tree near
Crockett created considerable excitement in Marin and Contra Costa
counties yesterday. For a time it was thought th* body .was' that- of C. J.
Walden, the missing clerk of San Quentin. After mature deliberation
friends of Walden scouted the suicide theory. Later in the day photo
graphs of the suicide were shown to men who knew Walden' well. They
all declared positively at first glance and after a close examination that
the picture was not that of their friend.
MARTINEZ, Dec 25.— The body
of an unknown man was found
hanging to a tree near the town
of Crocket't, In Contra Costa
County. From a description
telegraphed here from San Quentin it is
believed the suicide is C. J. Walden. the
missing accountant of the Jute mill at the
prison. There were no papers on the
clothing by which tho man could be
identified. In his pockets were found an
empty purse and a pipe.
Coroner Curry at once started for the
place and cut aewn the body. He notified
Walden's relatives, but will not hold an
inquest until he hears from them.
VIEWS" OF PRISON OFFICIALS.
Nothing to I#ead Waldea to End
His life.
SAN RAFAEL, Dec. 25.— The prison of
ficials at San Quentin can hardly believe
that the body 'found in Contra Costa
County is that of C. J. Walden. the miss
ing accountant at the prison. The descrip
tion sent by them this afternoon does not
exactly tally with that of Walden. No
cause that would lead the missing man
to suicide can be found at the prison. His
position was strictly a clerical one and
no money or its equivalent ever passed
through his hands. Up to the time he lert
the prison on his week's vacation, he was
contented and cheerful, and gave not the
slightest evidence of trouble of any kind.
He was a splendid marksman and every
Sunday found him at Schuetzen Park,
competing In the several clubs of which
he was a member. At the prison he was
a valuable and highly esteemed man. As
an accountant he had few equals. It Is
said that it will take several men to do
his work as the books kept by him called
Into play the bookkeeper's highest ability.
When he failed to return at the expira
tion of his vacation, the officials at the
Point thought that he might have been
snowed in in the mountains of Nevada,
where he said he was going to inspect
For weeks the experimenters worked to
ascertain what- qualities salt possessed to
cause this rhythmic beating of the heart
that were not possessed by calcium or
potassium, the salts of which enter into
the composition of the blood. They found
a solution of the problem in the fact that
the action of sodium chloride was due to
the peculiar character of the sodium. In
making the Investigation they - discovered
that .pure sodium chloride solution was
destructive of heart tissues, and by mix
ing calcium and potassium solutions with
the sodium solutions they found that the
poisonous effects of the chloride were de
stroyed. . ¦ •
Dr. Loeb and -Professor Lingle claim
that the fallacy of the early belief that
the heart beats because it. is full of blood
was quickly shown when a strip of the
turtle's heart was suspended in a solution
of sodium chloride and a regular series of
beats began. I Separated from all j nerve
connections, the lifeless strip of heart
muscle responded perfectly .to the pres
ence of the salty solution.
In the experimental work by the two
physiologists turtles .were used almost ex
clusively. After snipping off the head in
as humane a way as possible the Iowor
part of the shell was removed and the
heart take possession of. Instead of
taking the organ as a small strip
from one of the ventricles was used. Tb«
blood was removed and the piece of flesh
suspended in different solutions. In thl3
way their conclusions were adduced. .
For several months Dr. Loeb and Pro
fessor Llngle have been experimenting to
obtain the necessary result to prove their
theory- They have conducted a series of
delicate scientific testa bearing upon the
pulsation of the heart, and to-day made
public the announcement that the results
they had obtained verified, beyond a doubt
their theory that the presence of salt
in the blood caused the beats of tho
heart. ' .
CHICAGO, Dec. 25.— The Record to
morrow will say: Experiments on turtles
have convinced D. Jacques Loeb and Pro
fessor D. J. Llngle,. physiologists at the
University of Chicago, that" common salt
in the blood makes the heart beat. What
is more, they claim that not only doe3
salt keep the heart in "action, but that it
possibly may cause the heart to beat
again after it has once .stopped.
Chicago .Scientists 'Claim
They Are Due to Salt
in the Blood. .
DISCOVER CAUSE
OF HEART BEATS
Says Yankee Superiority as Be gards
Industrial Advancement Will ..rr
'J '' Become More Evident u
Year by Yean
LONDON, ,Dee. 26.— The Times' Vienna
correspondent says: "Under the title
'European Economical Alliance,' Paul Le
roy Beulieu in the Xeuswelntagblatt, after
reciting America's immense resources and
growing population, says : ;J
"They, may 'henceforth be regarded as
the first industrial nation, and their su
periority will [ become strikingly evident
year by year. The United States will,'
moreover, soon • have a - considerable mer
cantile marine. Americans are already
accustomed to regard Europeans,- more
particularly Continentals, in about the
same light as Orientals, who vegetate In
dreams of the past." -.-", _ / .
' He points out that European states in-,
dlvidually are comparatively restricted as
to markets, and cannot carry a division
of labor. . ; . ¦ . • .v
America's Trade Expansion.
The Times -this morning prints another
•London,, article upon the- progress of
American stee! and iron competition, con
cluding as- follows :*>- ' -y
"How much of the. world's expansion
will America take from us? How much
will she leave for. us to struggle ov£r with
other manufacturing nations? Apparently
the problem will be solved far sooner than
has been generally expected. The abnor-»
mal demand of the United States for its
engineer products is fast slackening, .thus
bringing the marvelously large increase in
American manufacturing capacity for the
last five years, and especially 4he last
three, to bear "upon. foreign markets. It is
paramount to •. all others, even the effi
ciency of Jthe. navy subsidy." " • .
Dowager Lady Churchill Dead.
LONDON, . Dec. 25.— The Dowager Lady
Churchill, Senior Lady of the Bed Cham
ber and an Intimate friend of the Queen,
was found dead in her bedroom at Os
borne this morning, i
Paul Leroy Beulieu on: This
Country's Growing
., Resources.
AMERICA FIRST
AMONG NATIONS
"When' Clark saw him he nearly
fainted, but he managed to get him into
the private office. 'Wnere's that money?'
he demanded; without any preface. 'What
money?' • asked the Colonel, ¦ in genuine
amazement. 'Good God!' - gasped poor
Clark, 'the money for that draft!' TVny,
I left It for you in an envelope,', replied
the r Colonel: 'I gave it to old John the
night I went ¦ away.' Old 'John • was i the
porter. They called him In: He was
nearly eighty, half childish, and honest as
the day is long. When they fired a volley
of frantic questions at him he - instantly
became bewildered. ; That envelope! that
envelope!' ; he : repeated, scratching his
head; 'it seems to me I remember some
thing about an envelope! Oh yes!' he ex
claimed, brightening up. 'I believe I slipped
it under, Mr. Clark's table cover and for
got, to mention It. I hope It wasn't any
thing important-' Clark s writing table
-had ; an old ¦ baize cover that hadn't been
removed ; in a generation. " He - ripped It
off , with one ¦ wild * snatch ; and there lay
"He kept that up for nve years. Ex
actly how he did it is of no special im
portance. It was a small hank and he
had complete run of its affairs, so the
mere mechanism of making false entries
and carrying fictitious balances over from
day to day was comparatively easy; but
the frightful part of It was the mental
strain ¦ and knowledge that some slight
Blip might at any moment lead to dis
covery. Of course he made desperate ef
forts to save and his , meanness became
proverbial, but fate seemed to be against
him and he was never able to acrape to
gether enough to make an appreciable re
duction'ln the amount. Moreover, he was
handicapped at the start by~his tnvest
ment in the gas deal, which ' of ¦ course
went to pieces when Patterson, levanted.
But perhaps ¦-, the worst: feature" of . the
affair was the change it made in his dis
position. He was ; originally ' a kindly,
even-tempered man/ but incessant worry
and brooding soured his whole nature,
and, I think, estranged him more or less
in even his ovm household. In brief, he
was on the verge of mental and physical
collapse, .when who should- walk Into th*
bank one day but Colonel Patterson him
self, as cherry and chipper as. ever.
"I will leave you to imagine Clark's
feelings," the old detective went on. "The
thing was so incredible that at first he
couldn't believe It; otherwise he should
probably have made a clean breast of the
draft affair at once. But he was confident
that the colonel would turn up and ex
plain everything, and so he concealed the
shortage from day to day, until It was
past all explaining. Strange to say, no
body else had suffered through Patter
son's abrupt departure, but everything
had proved to be Involved up to the hilt,
and he left nothing behind worth taking.
With that it dawned upon Clark that he
was stuck irrevocably for the $7000 deficit
on the draft, and then began a season of
martyrdom that must have been Infinite
ly worse than death. Had it not been for
his family* I am satisfied he would have
taken a short cut out of the dilemma by
putting a bullet through . his brains, but
he couldn't stand the idea of leaving them
to pauperism and disgrace, and, like
many another man In desperate straits,
he started In upon a systematic course of
concealment. ¦ hoping against hope that
some miracle would happen to enable him
to make good the shortage. - -
- About two weeks later Patterson came
to the bank in i a- tremendous rush and
asked for a statement of his account. Like
all speculators he sometimes had a very
large balance and sometimes nearly noth
ing, and - on that particular occasion it
was less than a thousand. "The deuce!"
he said, "I'm going out of town this even
ing and I'll have a sight draft coming in
to-morrow for JSOOO that simply must be
protected." In five minutes he convinved
poor Clark that he would positively have
the cash there the following day, and, to
make a long story short, the cashier
quickly paid the draft and made a private
ticket for the amount. Patterson didn't
return, and in a week- his disappearance
was the sensation of the town.
The way Note Teller Alvord covered up
his stealings from day to day reminded an
old railroad detective of a little story. "I
found out about this case t'other end to,"
he said; "getting on to the wind-up first,
then the middle part, and then the begin
ning; but I'll tell it to you in the order
that it happened. Back in 'So or '86. when
I was working for a St. Louis agency, a
very decent kind of a man — call him Mr.
Clark for short— was cashier of the prin
cipal bank in a good-sized near-by town.
Country cashiers get mighty small pay,
and although Clark had been in service
almost from boyhood and was then mid
dle-aged, with a big family on his hands,
he was drawing $1800 a year. Naturally
he was very anxious to lay by something
for a rainy day. One of the customers of
the bank at that time was a Colonel Pat
teVson, manager of the local opera-house,
president of two or three land companies,
and an all-around hustler and good fel
low. Patterson had been in town only a
few years, but he waa one of those men
who will drop Into a small, sleepy place
and take the community by storm. He
was a big, jovial chap of the silk-hat and
solitaire shirt-stud type, and it was gen
erally supposed that he. had oodles of
money. Clark, who" was a' shy. Simple
minded man, admired him immensely and
went out of his way to do' him small fa
vors. In return the colonel took him
aside one day and offered to let him in on
a St. Louis gas stock deal that promised
to be a big thing. Clark mortgaged his
house, raised a few hundred, gave his
note for a few hundred more, and went in.
He Worried for Years Be-
cause of a Most Peculiar
Mistake.
It appears that one Boer column at
tacked Steynsburg, but was. repulsed and
fled, Intrenching itself In the mountains.
Another Boer commando captured a par
ty of police at Venterstadt. Mounted Col
onial troops surprised 300 Boers fifteen
A BANK CASHIER
IN TROUBLE
Civil railway traffic has been suspended
largely in all parts, of the Colony, and the
movements- of both the Boers and the
British are almost unknown in Cape
Town.
The correspondent of the Daily Mail at
Cape Town says: "The pro-Boer press la
singularly quiet. They have been made
uneasy by tne promptness and thorough
ness of the military action; but reports
from various parts of the western prov
inces foreshadow perilous . possibilities.
A responsible Colonist who recently made
a tour of the Colony declare* t!iat ninety
per cent of the Dutch are simply waiting
for the appearance of a resourceful leader
to reDel.
The Standard's Cape Town correspond
ent says the Loyalists demand that mar
tial law 'shall be proclaimed throughout
Cape Colony, but adds: "Such a step is
now impossible, owing to the lack of suf
ficient troops, to enforce It."
Most of the dispatches from Cape Town
describe the as doing little, harm
and as being /rapidly enclosed by Lord
Kitchener's combination." Lord Kitchener
Is in the heart of the disaffected districts.
He has the advantage of being personally
acquainted - with local conditions. Last
March t he supervised the suppresaion of
the * rising .which occurred then. He is
bringing down thousands ; of troops from
the north. • • .
S LONDON. Dec 23.— The position of Cape
Colony is hanging in, the balance. Accord
ing- to the Morning Post's Cape Town cor
respondent," everything depends upon the
quantity ._ of -ammunition in. possession of
the disloyal Dutch residents.. 100 of whom
have joined the Boers In the Fhlllpstown
district only.,", Erfergetic measures have
been taken to stem the Invasion, but there
is unquestionably danger that parties of
Boers will- get through into parts of the
Colony and' gradually raise the whole
Cape in rebellion. Reinforcements can ar
rive none too soon.
Dutch Element Only Awaits the Ap
, pearance of a; Resourceful
Leader for Rebellion.
miles from Burghersdorp on December 21
and. after a brisk' exchange of volleys, re
tired with a loss of two men.
! The Cape Town correspondent of the
Times telegraphs that scarcely any Capo
Colonists have joined the invaders.
BRITISH OCCUPY BHITSTOWU.
Burghers Retire Northward Without
Offering Opposition.
LONDON. Dec. 25.— Lord Kitchener, tel
egraphing to the War Office under date
of Naaupoort, December 24. reports:
"Thornycroft's Mounted Infantry havs
occupied Britstown without opposition.
The Bpers retired to the north in the di
rection of Prlorska. They will be fol
lowed up."
Engagement of British and Boers
SIGHTING IS US PROGRESS.
Near De Aar Junction.
CAPE TOWN, Dec. 25.-Fightlng Is go-
Ing on near De Aar. Particulars are un
obtainable. Two hundred. Boers have left
Britstown after commandeering all sup
plies available.
New Zealand's Loyalty.
WELLINGTON. New Zealand. Dec. 25.—
The Government has asked the Governor,
the Earl of Ranfurly, to inform Joseph
Chamberlain, Secretary of State for the
Colonies, that it does not wish the New
Zealand contingent In South Africa to be
diminished; that drafts will be forwarded
to nil the ranks and that additional
mounted men will be sent.
Railway Service Restored.
CAPE TOWN. Dec. 24.— Regular railway
service between Cape Town and De Aar
has been restored. The report of the de
struction of a bridge south of De Aar
turns out to be incorrect :<--only a culvert
was damaged. Trains are running from
De Aar to Kimberley lrresrularly. Th*r»
are considerable delays elsewhere as the
result of heavy rains. '
a long, dirty envelope. It contained seven
11000 bills. For five years of heart-break
lag worry and distractions they had been
resting literally under bis hand. After
the first revulsion of feeling was over the
Colonel made a few side explanations.
Between ourselves he had skipped out to
avoid a threatened prosecution for big
amy, but the woman had since died and
everything was all right. He is now in
California running a hotel. This is a true
story. I got it from Clark himself."—
New Orleans Times-Democrat.
ALL CAPE COLONY ON
THE VERGE OF REVOLT
Hopes for Success.
LEAVEN WORTH. Kans.. Dec 23.—
William J. Bryan to-day, wiring from Lin
coln. Xebr., to the Evening Standard,
fciiys:
•¦Please present greetings to my politi
cal friends of L^avenworih and Kansas.
The principles of Democracy still live and
the policies for which the fusion forces
fought will yet be vindicated. We can
enter the twentieth century with the con
fident belief that the people will soon re
turn to the teachings of the fathers and to
the traditions of the republic."
?
Celebrate With Cannon.
LOVISVILIJE. Ky.. Dec 25.—In some
rwpects Christmas day In Louisville re
sembled a Fourth cf July celebration in
New England. In accordance with th©
the Charitable Give Liberally.
PARIS. Dec. 25.— Christmastide was fa
vored in France with bright, cheerful
¦weather, and Parisians celebrated the day
in characteristic fashion. Midnight masses
were. held. Musical attractions and the
leading churches were overflowing.
The boulevards to-day were filled with
throngs Inspecting the attractive little
bDOths which had been erected in continu
ous lines along both sidewalks. The char
itable eide of th« festivities was repre
sented by numbers of free meals and sea
sonable gifts to p»or families and out
casts.
M. Loubet gave 7000 francs to be used
fnr the relief cf widows in needy circum
stances.
BEYA1TS CrTTLTRTMAS WORDS.
Bars Democracy Still Lives and Still
Throngs Fill the Boulevards, While
CrTRTSTTVrAS IN PARIS.
NEW YORK.. Dec 25.— One of the chief
features of Christmas day In New York
City and Its /vicinity -was the weather.
Not only wai the sky clear In all direc
tions, save to the southwest, where heavy
clouds acted as a background to the glo
rious sunshine, but the rays of the sun
after 7 o'clock in the morning were genial
and heavy -wraijs -cere uncomfortable and
furs codd not be endured, except as fash
ion dictated that they are the proper
thing at this season of the year. In con
sequence- of this almost springlike weath
er the churches were crowded with wor
shippers and the streets of the city were
filled with merry throngs of men. women
end children, who left their Christmas
trees in their homes and went out for a
breath of invigorating air.
• It Is estimated that more money was
f peat in Christmas gifts this year in New
lork than ever betore. and the same is
true in regard to charitable gifts.
Of all the set Christmas feasts that of
the Salvation Army at Madison Square
oarcen this evening was the largest. A
bountiful Christmas dinner was served to
about 4000 persons, men women and chil
cren. The cost was defrayed from a fund
of about 56000 collected by the army, chief
ij through the kettles which for several
weeks have hung from tripods in various
i>arts of the city to receive contributions
:To keep the Cnristmas pot boiling."
All afternoon 4D0 helpers were busy lay
ing the fifty tables and preparing the food
to make good cheer for tnis army from
'the city's poor, and probably no happier
Christmas crowd could have been found
in the city. .Men and women, drawn from
all walks of life into the ranks of the Sal
vation Army were eagerly enjoying the
pleasure of bringing Christmas cheer to
others, and one of the happiest of this 400
was the grandson of the late Archbishop
Trench or Canterbury, a new recruit, who
made merry as he <>e<?led potatoes.
Miss Helen Gould provided the dinner
to the boys at the 3Voody Crest Sanita
rium, which she maintains near Tarry
town.
Mr. and Mrs. Howard Gould provided a
Christmas tree loaded with presents and
eervc-d a dainty luncheon to the 200 school
children at Port Washington. L. I.
At the United Charities offices the dis
tribution of Christmas gifts to the poor
was not finished until late to-night. Vari
ous voluntary contributions of clothes,
food and money had been distributed by
the workers during the past week, and
thousands of presents were received by
the poor of this city. All of the hospitals
had been visited, and the deserving poor
lh the tenement-house districts had been
relieved of their unhappy conditions.
Nearly 4C*00 homeless men and friends of
Senator Timothy D. Sullivan were guests
to-day at his sixth annual Christmas din
ner.
In the wards of the city hospitals there
¦was Christmas sunshine and Christmas
cheer. Unwonted smiles illumined the
faces of the sick, the maimed, the halt
and the blind, while the convalescents
were regaled with luxuries and unusual
delicacies.
CHRISTMAS FESTIVITIES
AT HOME AND ABROAD
New York Residents Spend More for
Presents This Year Than Ever Be
fore in the City's History. ,
usual custom cannon and firecrackers
boomed all day to the delight of small
ooys and the discomfiture of many grown
people. Charitable societies provided
dinners and entertainments for several
hundred children and deserving families
regardless of color.
NOT ONE WENT HUNGRY.
Charitable Institutions Feed the Poor
of Chicago.
CHICAGO. Dec 25.— A feature of the
Christmas celebration Jn Chicago was the
bounteous provision made to bring -good
cheer to the poor. If woman or child re
mained hungry it was not the fault of
those who distributed Christmas srreet
ings in the substantial form of food.
The Salvation Army fed G000 persons in
a hall whore prize-fights have been fre
quently held.
The Pacilic Garden Mission served din
ner in the afternoon to between 800 and
100") men and women, most of whom were
outcasts. a '. .
All of the farious other charitable insti
tutions and hospitals observed the day.
Special dinners were served, and in many
instances music and vaudeville entertain
ments were given.
Eight thousand men were given dinners
In the fourteen barns of the Union Trac
tion Company during- the day.
GUESTS OF THE PRESIDENT.
Executive Entertains Friends at the
White House. \
¦WASHINGTON. Dec. 25.— President and
Mrs. McKinley had with them as guests
at dinner this evening Surgeon General
and Mrs. Sternberg, Dr. and Mrs. Rixey,
O. Hiestand. General Corbin and Secre
tary and Mrs. Cortelyou.
The President did not go to church, but
he and Mrs. McKinley took two drives
into the country during the day. Secre
tary and Mrs. Hay, Postmaster General
and Mrs. Smith and Representative Payne
of New York^ called on them.
Snowfall in Omaha.
OMAHA, J>ec. 25.— A fine fall of raow
made sleighing- good in Omaha to-day, the
first of the season. The swell function of
the day was a fashionable reception to
General Lee and Mrs. Lee and their two
daughters at the residence of Mr. and.
Mrs. Walter Taylor Page to-night. About
300 g-uests were present.
Elks Feed the Poor.
ROANOKE, Va., Dec 25.— Roanoke
Elks to-day fed 600 of ,Roanoke's poor In
Assembly Hall. Several long' tables were
in the middle of the building and 500 visi
tors looked on. The dinner cost over 11500.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY; DECEMBER 26; 1900.* *
Friends of Missing Man Make Positive
Statement on Seeing Suicide's Picture.
BODY FOUND IN THE WOODS
IS NOT THAT OF WALDEN
Peck
3
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Dainty Igjjj
Parlor l^^pl?'^!
Rocker . P*!
Solid tnahoffa- /J
cy; upholstered f^^r tM
with velour; *^ y*
trimmed with
brass tacks.
Estimates on complete housc-
f urni*»hin£ c hecr fully given.
SPECIAL REDUCTIONS TILL
NEW YEAR'S.
Free delivery within -200 miles on- $25
worth and over.
BRILLIANT'S,
OPEN EVENINGS,
338-342 POST ST., &.
>s£p2J?Ss. ONE PlIDrC
/^SllSk bottle LUnto
A ««|ii H MCBURNEY'8
/^r» %*jr ar tviunej cure
¦ t'A ' A tborongh rare lor
|m , pains in the back,
" Q. A DPIGHT'S DISEASE,
24 f I female troubles, incon-
tinence of urine, brick dnst deposits, bed-
wetting oi children, gravel, gall stonafi,
crop? y. diabetes, and rheumatism.
_— FOIl SALE AT
* DAHL.BEXDER DRUG CO.. at Kearay at.,
AND AT "%
.TfeE OWL DRUO CO.. H» Market tt
Send 25c In £c stamps to W. F. McBuraey.
f«lt S. SprtiMt st.. Xx» Anceles. CaU for *
eayr' irfttmrat. Prfpmtd tl M. Jjrutttrt^^j
A CHICMCSTER'S ENGLISH
Pennyroyal pills
I R/V^NSATE. «i«»t.w:»Ki-. t.»41ch «* I>mrrlrt
rrtE&lL — CHldHESTEB'sTbfGLISH
U-Kl^ttFiX '" lifcD ¦>< &*I4 neUlUe twxM. utrf
— --li'*? *"> ¦¦ ribbo °- Tfcfc • '»• acker. B*Ta—
TO ¥» ri» *»•»**„>«* Mi Wcf ««U... mmi J»ll»-
I / fff Km. B •» of ymr Drmccuv m MB* ¦*«. ta
J *~ : Jf — »»«« for r*r*m alarm, T— ll»«j»1«U
> *-**f a!I I/r»rr!»u. CkiaaaaterCkeaalealC*,
tettwtklis***. HttU.i Mun, rilUU K
AT>v r-:tcTTRTnVTT.'.\nH; i
Illustrate the difference ' j
between hard and u
WESSON I
ODORLE55 g
OIL I
1 A PURELY VEGETABLE PRODUCT, i
g Anlnul fat may carry disease with it tad be £? "
S uacleaa and very indigestible. - t- j
H .Wesson's Odorless Cooking Oil h pore, |
•9 sweet and clean. It never becomes rancid. \
ja It goes twice as far as laird or butter! j?
(9 Wesson's Salad Oil u £ir better Talue than I
|8 the finest oS ve oil and has the same flavor. I
•M Ask your friendly grocer for it. n
®VLW, VIGOR. VTTALmrforMEX
HORMON BISHOP'S PILLS
have been In use over fifty
years by the leaders of tha
Mormon Church and thair fol-
lowers. Positively cures the
worst cajes in old and youn?
arls'.nr from effects of s<?!f-
abuse. dissipation, excesses or
cfcarette-smokinr. Cures Lost
Manhood, - Impotency, Lo«t
Powm, Night Losses. Irtsom-
. nla. Pains In Baci. Bvtl Desires, Lome Back.
Nerrous Debility. Headache. Unfltness to Mar-
ry, Loss of S*men. mm^ Vartcoceteor Con-
stlpatlon. Stops Ne *"> {J rrous Twitchla*
of Eyelids. Effects ¦**¦ • Immediate.
Impart vtior and CEWTS potency to •very
function. Don't set despondent: a curs Is at
hand. Restores small, undeveloped otkxt.s.
Stimulates the brain and nerve centers: 50c a
box- 6 for 12 50 by mail. A written guarantee to
cure or money refunded with ( boxes. Circulars
rfeV- Address BISHOP REMEDY CfX « Ellis
St.. Pan Francisco. Cal.. GH-a-NT DRUG CO..
S3 and 10 Third st. -
OB.METERSACO. ' ,<g@&*-
Specialists. Disease- 2|lr '
and weakness of j 31%
men. Established pgf **|§V5!«k
VSSL ConsulUtlon S»S \ a^^WV'"
and private book ", \*5 A, 1 r_A
free, at office or by je&Li
mall. Cures gaar- K$tf4»^&a*~** *
anteed. 731 Mar- <5KSe&'S
t»t stree: (elevator f
•ntrance). S a a .^V /^3Sl5%L.
Francisco. .#sdStr<£ £*r"-s3?k3r^,
tJ*tbm*mP INJECTION.
!> A PERMANENT CURE
; > of the most obstinate cases of Gonorrhoea
':¦¦¦ J* and Gleet, guaranteed la from 3 to 6
2 days ; no other treatment required. *_v
9 $ RSMBKS Soto *X *U dragziata.2SBa. On Friday afternoon there will ' be a
tournament over eighteen holes, medal
play, with handicap, for the caddies of
the San Francisco Golf Club. Prizes, con
sisting of money and clubs, will be given
to the winners.
Big Books in Peking.
When Peking fell » a Buddhlat priest
named Kawakami,' who had been to the
temple before the present trouble, at once
3E&h?h. V° 'a 1 *? 1 lns »«ct ¦ Its treasures,
which he had not b«en allowed to look at
previously. : The search revealed tohto
A Crack Shot.
•¦'" Stories are told of , trie coolness and ap
parent absolute ..unconcern ; of | men ".when
under, fire. It's not jevery; man,-, however,
who can make a fairly'decent pun when
fire *'ls opened ¦ unexpectedly anfl .before
the : sound ; of the .whistle • of ( the '.bullet'; is
out of his ear." Major. Brown and. his out
fit: were scouting along r theV Republican
River, With the major was '-Colonel J. V.
S. Paddock.V now a retired -officer living
in Chicago." but then a lieutenant />f • cav
alry :>~ The Indians would sneak up on the
command and take an occasional potshot.'
One evening camp. had been pitched and
Major- Brown •' and Paddock
were on either side of an improvised mess
table.' ,- Between . them • was • a ; big : platter
upon." which- reposed '¦' the 'j savory » evening
meal. ,- Suddenly a shot rang out,' and: a
bullet, 'whistling, between- the; two officers;
within, a foot of each, struak'the platter,
and made a clean hole 'through; It, sending
out from, the hole In every direction great
wriggling cracks.:-' Before the whiz of the
shot; bad ""passed i out - of •: hearing.^ Major
Brownie- who was -viewing,; the "wrecked
dish,': said : . * •- ¦'¦'•¦'' ?:•*.*-' ;-•. '¦,¦¦ , ••;¦ 'ir.. : ¦
;¦*> "Paddock,- that's : what • you . might ' call 'a
crack shot. ''r-Chicago. Tribune. -
How, to Live - a Century.
A well-known . physician , declares ', that,
barring accidents, there Is no reason why
one who -keeps the folowlng nineteen
rules should not live to be a hundred:
First— Eight hours', sleep.
; Second— Sleep on ypur right side."
Third— Keep your bedroom door* open all
night.- ;." : -«* .. :- *-:¦ ;' ¦--: -/ ;• v.-.v----.
Fourth— Have a mat at your bedroom
door. ' •" V' . V -,- v
Fifth— Do not have your bedstead
against the .wall. t^^Ww^gSasHHSfiMSJiies
. Sixth — No cold tub In the morning, but
a bath at the temperature of the body.
Seventh— Exercise "before breakfast.
Eighth— Eat little meat and see that it
is well pooked.' , ¦
:>-•. Ninth — For • adults, . drink -no : milk.'
.Tenth— Eat plenty -of ; fat -to' feed the
cells which destroy disease germs.
Eleventh— Avoid intoxicants, which de
stroy these cells.. •-; :'••- .M/ :••¦¦••" :.".", : :. ;* -
Twelfth— Daily exercise In the open air.
Thirteenth — Allow- no' pet- ¦ animals --. in
your living rooms: They are apt to carry
about disease germs. .. v , ; .
Fourteenth— Live in \ the . country if you
can:--- >..' -V-" - ' ¦ '•¦'-'.¦"- ¦ -':'¦¦-' ¦¦¦¦¦¦:. -,:v
¦ . Fifteenth— Watch . the . three ; D's—drink
ing water, damp and drains.-. • : .;¦'->
Sixteenth — Have change of occupation. V-
Seventeenth— Take * frequent and short
holidays. ;^4fl»WtWMBBh<8IBCB8BMKB8Bat
¦ v Eighteenth— Limit your amhition/ - .
Xlneteenth— Keep -'.your - -temper.*— Xew
Tork Tribune.
NEWSPAPER ENTERPRISE.
A N«w Journal That Will Be Printed
in ¦„' Seven ; Languages.
One result of the Chinese trouble , is
that Peking, 'for the first. time In Its his
tory, is to have a foreign Journal. . It will
be called The China Times, and the man
ager is to be J.- Co wen, the <¦ editor T.
Cowen; the latter of whom ls^ well known
In the # Far. East; for not only has he been
connected with many local Journals— the
Kobe ; ; Chronicle. ; the Hongkong ; Daily
Press, jthe Japan. Times and • the 'Hong
kong Telegraph-but he also acted as spe
cial . correspondent of tha : Times during
the China-Japan war, and as special cor
respondent of • the i London .¦ Dally " News
and Reuter's Agency, at other times. - The
remarkable feature about , the new- Jour
nal is that it will be printed in ; se*en lan
guages, namely, :Chlnese, Japanese, -Eng
lish, French,- German, Russia and Italian.
That is an . immense undertaking. It In
dicates ¦ the employment of ¦ a . large staff
requiring a correspondingly extensive cir
culation. :Mr. Cowen doubtless hopes. to
find the latter in his Chinese and Japan
ese clientele, but we are disposed. to think
that in order to ' achieve that object « It
would have been better - for ¦ him to . fix
the ; price : of the paper at : less ; than $10
yearly. Yet, after all; $10 is only two sov
ereigns, ; and a penny paper costs thirty
shillings per annum. The most expensive
Journal In Japan, the Jijl Shimpo, may be
had for fifty sen, or one shilling, - per
months though we ; admit that no rule ia
to be Inferred from the Japanese charges,
which are quite too small. - Every one will
wish success to this new venture' and aa
rnlre i the courage of Its projectors. "We
suppose that • it will ¦ absorb : the Tientsin
Times, and we shall.be sorry, to bid adieu
to ! the latter, > which ' has been • excellently
conducted - during -r the past two . years.—
Japan Mail. ,. . ;_
Nearly twenty Englishmen are now at
work on seven umbrellas for an Ashantl
chief and his faithful staff. There Is.noth
ing under the sun a chief can wear, not
even excepting a cast-off silk hat or a
red-lined cavalry coat, so calculated to
strike awe .into the minds of refractory
natives and «M> Imbue them with a spirit
of obedience as a gingham. Traders,
when they want to obtain a free access
to the country, of one of the hostile tribes,
make presents of worn-out clothing to the
natives,. or even a gamp to a particularly
obstinate and pugnacious chief. ' A Lon
don syndicate of Gold Coast traders haa
given the order, and Is paying for the
umbrella in question, which will be given
to bribe the. vain, dusky warriors.
When flnlslied the umbrellas will be gor
geous beyond the dream of the most im
aginative negro. For the chief the pres
ent will be nearly fifteen feet across, quite
a decent sized tent. In: fact, on state oc
casions it will be «o used. The handle will
then be stuck in the ground and six slaves
will act as tent pegs. The material from
which it Is being made is silk, and the
colors are to be red, white and blue.
Around the . edge ; will be a : deep, rich
fringe, and on the top an elaborately
chased cap surmounted by a British lion,
rampant. For the staff the umbrellas will
be somewhat smaller and less majestic-
London ExnTes&-*ja*JXaaHSW£gttoi[ttVsminl
by Traders on the African Coast.
They Are Disposed Of to Advantage
TTMBRELLAS FOR SAVAGES.
SOICORA, Dec 23.— The flnit professional
Same of baseball ever played here- took
place to-day between the ' Oakdale and
Carters teams, the Carters winning; score.
11 to 5. One Oakdale player suffered two
broken ribs and another a. broken leg.
Ball Players Injured.
BOSTON, Dec. 25.— George .Dixon, »>x
champlon feather-weight, did : not box
Jimmle Davenport of • Chelsea at the
Isoteric Club to-nl^ht, to the intense dis
appointment of a big crowd... Dlxon had
agreed to fight at the feather-weight
limit, but Davenport came to the ringside
weighing at least 135 pounds against Dix
on's 115%. Dixon was ax the ringside, but
did not fro en, and Andy Daly of Maiden,
feather- weight,- was substituted.- Daly
and Davenport fought a draw.
the Crowd.
Trottinif— Richmond Chief won. Uncle James
cecond. General Wild* third, best time. 2:2lH.
Trottini?. mile — Sweet Marie won, Mark H
s*-c.onu, Sandy third.- Time, 2:24. *
Pacing, mile dash— Wllhelmina won. Primrose
•rcond, Electral third. Bert time. 2:17H.
Pacing— Durley F won. Coeur de Leon sec
ond. UJero third. Best time. J:21H-
LOS ANGELES, Dec. 25.-More than
five thousand people attended the harness
races held at Agricultural Park to-day
under the auspices of the . Los . Angeles
Driving Club. The weather was fine and
the track good and the racing excellent.
Results: ;
Trotting— Monopoly won, Red Uon second.
Bruce third. Best tlm». 2:23. -
Pacing, mile da*h— Robin won, Gypsy Girl
Second, Leotta third. Time, 2:2S.
Very Interesting.
GOOD SPORT AT LOS ANGELES.
Harness Races Closely Contested and.
In English history the story is not told
of Beresford's army in 1S0G taking flight
in . BuenoB Ayres, where it was subse
quently captured en bloc by -the- 1 Span
lards, but. the captured flags of the High
land Brigade, including that . of , the Black
Watch* with the stands of rcolors of eipnt
other reiflments,.hane. as trophies on the
walls of the cathedral of ' the ¦ capital city
of the Argentine to this day— Philadelphia
Times.
Fleeing British. Troops.
STEW "FORK. Dec. 25.-Obr*cht Reiber. a
prisoner charred with attempted Mohloun'as
imult. committed -suicide -In hit cell at the
¦W«et Twentieth Street • Station -last - night ' by
tanking tumaelt with hi* -handkerchief.
The Nobles defeated the Alamedas In a
rather one-sided game of baseball at Rec
reatlon^Park yesterday afternoon.- !; the
score being 10 to 1 without the Nobles go
ing to the bat In the ninth Inning. The
attendance was good. " . ., v i\ ':
* Russell, . the Alameda pitcher, was- In
poor, form through having , pitched • a ten
inning game Sunday, and he was hit free
ly, by the Noblfes. Following Is the score:
ALAHEDA,
- AB-' R, BH. SB. TO. A. S3.
Simpson, 3b 6 0 0, 0 8 13
W, Hammond. lb..^:5- .0 . 1 2 M TO 1
Dunleavy, 2b ...*& 0 10-' 8- 2 .2
C. Russell, p.. .-,4 0 0 Oil 0
Parlsler, rf... 41 1O10 0
GcldBWorthy, s.s 3 0 0 ' 0 - t 1 1
Schroder. If...". 8 0 0 0 8 -0 0
J.Hammond, c 3 0 1 0, 6 > 3 1
J. Russell, cf........ 3 0. 0^' ;0 0. 0 0
TotaU '.......:... .85 l 1 .4 . 1 23 10 7
Xb. R. BH. SB. Pa A. B.
Walters, rf.... ....... 4 4 . 1 6. Ov 0 0
Beaton, cf...... .3 1 i 13 2 0
Jag«er. If.,......'..... B' 1 18 10 0
Barry. lb.T... ¦.:...:.. 6 1 0 0 8 0 2
Pchwarti. 2b 8*1 1 1 % 10
Carroll, s.s... .....;.-. 4- 0- 0 • 0 ' « :6 4
D.'Sheai'c... ...;... 4 0 1 2 4 1 0
Kelly. 8b'.'..:.-...:.*.::: 4 11 1 2 12
Bulger.-, p.-..:; » 1 • 1 1 0 I ; 0
Totals. .......... ..34 10 » 14 f«7 13 1
. RUNS .AND HITS BY INNINGS. ,
Alameoa ..... J;........O 1.0.00.0 0 0 0—1
Base hits.... 0 2 0.0 0.1 1 0 0—4
Nobles 1 0 2 0 4 0 0 8 •— 10
Base hits 1 1 0 0 11J1 4 •— »
SUMMARY.
Run« responsible for— Bulger 1, • C. Russell t
Two-base hits— Jagtfer 8,- Beaton 1, Schwartz 1.
Sacrifice hlts^ — Beaton, 8chroder. First base on
errors — Alameda 6. Nobles S. First .base on,
culled • balls— Alameda S, Nobles . 2. - v Leit on
bases— Alameda '11, Nobles fl. /Struck out—Bul
ger 4, Russell 6. Hit by pitcher— Bulger. Wal
ters, Schwarti. , Double \ play— Beaton . : : to
Schwartz. > - Passed balls — Hammond 2, Shea ¦ 1.
Time-. of i game— 1:45. ...Umpire — Jack 0*Connell.
Scores— Joe Stapleton. •.,...-.-
NOBLES OUTPLAY
ALAMEDA'S NINE
Visitors From Across the
Bay Meet With Defeat : :
at Recreation Park;
STOCKTON*. Dec 25.— At Goodwater
Grove to-day the only disappointment
in the biggest coursing day Stockton has
ever known was the failure of some list
ed dogs to show up. The hares were
speedy and the betting lively. ,
Klrst round — Fair Glen beat Sea "Wave: Ter
rcnlte beat Buxton; Joker beat Hadlwint; Fire
Fl>- beat Her Highness; Delia It beat Miss
Manilla; Thunderbolt beat Bill Toeter; Fair
Lilly beat Sally Brass: Forsive beat Sky Blue;
Allesander beat Terry McGovern; Tap Out beat
Craig Boy; Glen Roy beat Very Interesting;
Blim beat Cash In; Bounding- Belle beet Bag
pipe; L#ah beat Prince Hal; Sarah Gold beat
Bandiw; Arno boat Alarm; Just In Time beat
Sonoma Belle; Montana Jack beat Lucretla,
BorKia: Scotch Reel beat Black Daisy; Cash
Day beat Wheel of Fortune.
Second • round — Terronite beat Fair Glen;
Jok*r beat Fire Fly; Thunderbolt beat Delia -M;
Fair Lilly beat Forgive; Tap Out beat Allesan
der;.Glen Roy beat Slim: Leah a bye; Sarah
Gold beat Arno; Just In time a* bye; Scotch
R<*el a bye; Cash Day a bye.
Third round — Terronite - beat Thunderbolt;
Joker beat Fair Lilly; Tap Out beat Glen noy;
Leah beat Sarah Gold; Cash Day beat Just In
Time; Scotch Reel a bye. -
Fourth round— Leah beat Terronlte; Joker
beat Scotch Reel; Tap Out beat Cash Day.
. Fifth round — Joker beat Tap Out; Leah a bye.
Final— Leah beat Joker. s
Fast Hares Furnish Inter
esting Christmas Sport
at Goodwater Grove. '
COURSING EVENTS
AT STOCKTON
SCRANTON, Pa., Dec. 25.— Owing to the
successful work of the scouts of the strik
ing car men. Jten of the thirteen men
brought from Syracuse, N. Y., to take
their places were 6ent home to-day and
two others were Induced to quit and agree
not to eo back to worki One of them was
wllllnK to leave town, but refused to ac
cept money from the strikers. He said
he would walk every step to Syracuse
rather than take money out of . the
strikers' treasury. He also said that be
was told that there was no strike here,
and that if things were not satisfactory
when he arrived here he would be furnish
ed his fare home. " "
. - Only two cars ¦ were run in the whole
city: to-day. One of these on which Su
perintendent Patterson was motorman ran
off the track at 11 o'clock and* was . so
badly damaged it had to be taken. to the
barn. No other car was sent to replace
It and at 11:30 the other of the two cars
was taken in and housed.
Thirty-one men" arrived to-night from
New York City to take the places of the
strikers. : but seventeen quit at the rail
road station at the . solicitation of the
strikers' scouts and promised to go back
to. New York. They say they were re
cruited through advertisements in the pa
pers to come to Scranton to work on a
new road, and that none of them had any
idea there was a strike in progress here.
Induce New Men to; Refuse
to Work for the Streit
car Company.
STRIKERS' SCOUTS
DO GOOD WORK
several valuable objects of which the most
remarkable was a complete set of Budd
hist texts done In the Thibetan language.
The volumes were of prodigious size; so
prodigious, Indeed, that a packhorsa could
only carry two or three volumes at a
time,. and as there were some 300 copies,
their transportation all at once would re
quire the services of a hundred horses.—
Japan Mail.
ARE INCLINED TO
BLAME CONGRESS
Staff Officers Regret Failure
to Expedite the Army
Bill.
•
Special Dispatch to .The Can.
CAXXi HEAJDQTJARTERS. 1406 G ST..
N. W., WASHINGTON, Deo. 25.— Fail-
ure of Congress to enact the army re
organization bill before adjournment
menaces the success of the work of re
storing peace and order in the Philippines,
and is giving tho War Department cause
for great concern. This much is certain,
the return of volunteers will bo delayed
and tho Government will be put to addi
tional expense to bring' them back to the
United States for discharge before Juno
SO and to forward regiments tp Manila to
take their places. It had been intended
by Secretary Root . to begin the return
movement next Tuesday, and one regi
ment may start on that day, but it is In
tended to maintain the force in the islands
at 60,000 men. In order not to fall below
this limit it will be necessary to retain
troops which should be on their way to
Ban Francisco.
There is a disposition to criticize the
Senate, | which J is responsible for holding
up the army measures, the President and
Secretary Root having .pointed out In the
strongest possible terms the necessity for
expedition, and the House acted promptly.
Regarding the necessity for Immediate
reorganization. Adjutant General Corbln
said to-day:
"The department is hopeful that there
will be no delay" in,, the subject of army
reorganization Immediately after Congress
reconvenes. There will be considerable
detail involved ir»the organisation of new
regiments and enlistment and the dispatch
of additional men to fill vacancies existing
In regiments of the regular a;my who will
remain in the archipelago, but I am satis
fied this can bo attended to with reason
able expedition once Congress gives the
necessary authority."
Secretary Root fully explained 'to the
Senate Military Committee the absolute
necessity of prompt action. With the
present force under General MacArthur's
command it. has been possible to place a
large area under military contraband to
provide protection to Filipinos anxious for
peace and good government. Municipal
.governments have been generally estab
lished-and natives are beginning to un
derstand the beneficial results of Amer- 1
lean sovereignty. Naturally the Filipinos
in arms desire to prevent accession to
the American cause, and will use every
means.. Including Intimidation, to accom
plish this end,. - The Secretary said:
¦ "Unless we want to break faith with
Filipinos who have trustfully accepted our
offers pr protection and are .flllms offices,
n? wTthrtJ^ i n d ( an 5 er 2? murde r In case
or withdrawal of American troops: and
unless we want to turn large areas over to
?TnL^st»ti Ul f tc 1 i?/ "'Ports that the
SSlSS&i^VtwJ 8 ' 1 ** 111 * measures to per
manently withdraw, there must b« promot
reorganization of tho army "t p""^*
Grant Smith tron the Christmas pinples
handicap tournament yesterday at the
California Tennis Club by cleverly defeat
ing Drummond McGavin and H. W.
Crcwtll.
The first pv«»n>i was Crowell vs. John
CBrlea. Crowell owed % — 15 arid gave
15 to O'Brien. The first set was close and
was won by O'Brien, &— S. In the pecond
Crowell took the net at all times and won
by clever volleying. 6 — t. In the third and
last set Crowell had everything his own
•way, $—0.
Tho next match in tho semi-finals was
Grant Smith vs. D. McGavin. Smith al
lowed MeGavin a handicap of owe %— 16.
Baiith won the first set handily. The sec
ond eet was red hot. every point being
fought for and was finally wen by Smjth,
9—7. This brought Crowell ar-d Smith to
gether in the finals and a good and close
match was played. Smith won the first
set, 6 — 1. and the second and ma.tch,' 6 — 3.
His playing was of high order and at no
etage of the game did his opponent have
a chance to beat him. Crowell was er
ratic at times and could not steady hlm
eelf at critical moments. Smith's smash
ing- and volleying could not have been
better, and it would have taken a cham
pion to have downed him.
Defeats Crowell in the Ten
nis Finals by Some
Very Clever Work.
THE Easterner marveled at the
beautiful weather, then he
gazed in wonderment at the
great crowd ¦which filled 'the
grand stand and betting ring
and trampled the lawns at
Tanforan Park yesterday. It
jras a + merry holiday gathering of
fully MM people, just as ready and
willing to toss off a couple of dollars
on a long shot as it was to extend a
hearty reception to J. T. Sloan. And, by
the way, Tod, as he was called here some
years ago. before his triumphal tour of
the Continent, was the bright particular
star of the whole show. All were familiar
with the diminutive rider's troubles with
the English racing ptewards, and every
body seemed anxlods to get a glimpse of
the Jockey who had hobnobbed with
Princes, given Dukes the bloomin" glassy
eye, and by the way of pastime cracked
the "boko" of a "blolmed cockney bar
boy." And so, when the horses were sum
moned to the post for the Christmas han
dicap, snd Tod seated on the back of Ve
suvian left the paddock, the grand stand
rose ea masse, tendering him an ovation.
As the Judges' stand was reached, the
crack rider was presented with an elegant
floral horseshoe, bowing his acknowledg
ments for the gift. And after all this
fuss and eputter, Clem Jenkins with the
GRANT SMITH WIHS
SINGLES TOURNEY
leg up on Eddie Jones, the brown Morello
horse, led Sloan's mount past the wire for
the rich $4000 prize. Fortunate, indeed, it
was for the winner that Greyfeld was
practically left at the post, though
through no fault of Mr. Dwyer, for the
chestnut horse would assuredly have
gained all the fame and dollars as well.
Such, however, is racing luck.
So nicely adjusted were the weights and
the distance, one and a quarter miles, bo
popular, that fully half a dozen owners
considered their horses unbeatable. .This
all Eerved to make the betting good, and
the v 21 bookmakers were kept busy.
Naturally enough, the Jennings pair,
Vesuvian and Andrlsa, the former carry-
Ing 118 pounds, equal weights with Ad
vance Guard, ruled favorites throughout.
Alex Shields felt confident Advance Guard
could do the trick, and advised his friends
to lay It down thick on the iron colt. Pat
Dunne seemed satisfied with the 108
allotted Scales, and with O'Connor In the
pilot house^ his entry received : healthy
support- Burns & W'aterhouse started
both Mortgage, and Eddie Jones, most re
liance being placed on the mare, with her
ninety-nine pound assignment. Phenom
enally fast workouts previous to the race,
and the presence of Bullman In the sad
dle, caused a preat plunge to be made
on Greyfeld. "Bob" Smith said there was
no way his horse could be beaten,' his
price falling gradually from 5 to 34 to 1.
In fact, it could be said he was the real
favorite for the race. At the post Vesu
vlan, as usual, endeavored to perforate
PORTLAND, Or., Dec. 25.-Multnomah
field held a big crowd of people to-day to
witness the Christmas football game be
tween Stanford (second eleven) and the
Multnomah Athletic Club. - T -.. "
In the. first half Stanford played a fast
and furious game, but the muddy con
dition of the field was a bar to long runs
or good gains.. Near the end of the first
half Stanford worked the ball . to within
ten yards of Multnomah'B goal, but Ker
rigan, for Multnomah, fell on it and noth
ing further was accomplished. . Stanford's
bard play had weakened them and the
second half was not so lively. It. was a
succession of scrimmages, with no par
ticular advantage gained by either, side.
Larimore was the . star ' performer for
Stanford. Final score: Multnomah 0;
Stanford 0. The " was as follows:
Stanford. " Position, j Multnc.mah. -
Ward el 1 I j — V. nd — R '. . Montague
Hauverman.........L— Tackle— R... .Pratt leapt.)
Thompson..... L— Guard— R.. ....... Klrkley
Gregory.......'. Center Harmer
Barnhlsel ." R— Guard— L. . ... Edmonston
Woolcy R— Tackle— L . . ... . .Rusk
Xourse R— End — L Stausberry
Pollard ........Quarterback Kerrigan
Parker .L— Half— R......... Hamilton
Larlmor<»............R— Half— Ii ............Downs
Boren (capt.)..... ..Fullback.... ...:....... Davey
NAPA, Dec. 25.— The Napa'High School
football team defeated the ; Columbia* of
San Francisco to-day by a » score of five
to nothing.- The- game '.was 'fast from
start to finish and was; witnessed. by an
enthusiastic crowd of spectators.
SANTA CRUZ,: Dec 25.— In the football
game this afternoon Santa" Crua scored 6,
Salinas 0. - . • .
Muddy Condition of the Field a Bar
to Long Eons or Good Gains.
Games at Other
Palo Alto Boys Play Fast
and Furioiis First
Half v^
the atmorphere with his hind heels, and
was placed on the extreme outside. With
only a slight delay Starter "Dick" Dwyer
released, the barrier to a splendid break
away for all but -Greyfeld. The last
named horse had been given the outside
position, but Johnny Bullman managed to
"inch" over into about fourth place from
the rail. From the stand it looked as If
just as the barrier flew in the air Bullman
had concluded to wheel and pick a, better
position. At any rate, he was practically
left. Passing the stand, there was a thun
dering clatter' of hoofs, . .with Andrlsa
showing the way. The Fretter at her side,
then Eddie Jones, The Lady and the oth
ers closely trailing:
I With no apparent change in the positions
of the leaders down the back stretch,
Sloan lay in seventh place with Vesuvian,
his horse only galloping. -When a trifle
later, he did move up, his mount was mo
mentarily, pocketed, but got through. On
the stretch turn, Sloan was compelled to
go very wide, and just here resorted to
the whip, the first intimation that he was
In trouble. Kddie Jones now became the
leader, with Jenkins urging the brown fel
low along. A furlong from the wire Tod
strove desperately, to* overtake Jenkins,
but Vesuvian was unable to respond fur
ther, and Eddie Jones ; won comfortably
by three lengths In 2:07. Vesuvlan eased
up somewhat, when Tod saw his case to
be. hopeless, led The Lady out, piloted by
Marty Bergen, half . a .length 1 for plac*
honors.- Advance "Guard was fourth and
Scales fifth. For" some reason, although
there looked to beino possible chance of
winning, Bullman on Greyfeld took after
the fteld. He was unable to get up to the
bunch,' but the chestnut horn© showed
how really good he was, and how unfor
tunate In beln? left, as he covered the
last mile and a furlong In 1:52 flat. ¦ ¦ -•
Clem Jenkins, for his win astride the
game but crippled son of the dead Morel
lo, felt very proud over his achievement,
while Sloan was equally chagrined. • Tod.
however, later accepted defeat gracefully.
STANFORD TIES
WITH MULTNOMAH
J SLOAN AND TJF1E MAN WHO OUT-
I RODE HIM IN THE STAKE RACE
j YESTERDAY.
I ¦
Christmas handicap, one mile— Imported Mint
Sauce won. Sir Florlan second. Fleet Wing
third. Time. 1:41%.
Handicap, one and an eighth mllea— Sir Ga
tian won. Strangest second. Hardly third.
Time, 1:55. •
One mile. Belling— Ben Chance won. Hood's
Brigade second. Uncle Bill third. Time, 1:4314.'
Handicap, six furlongs — Senator Beveridge
won, Isobel second, Gallopln third, j Time.
l:16H.
Handicap, steeplechase, full course— Isen won.
Donation second, Terry Ranger third. Time,
4:56. .
NEW ORLEANS. Dec 23.— Imported.
Mint. Sauce, who on Saturday wori the
Crescent City, handicap, to-day won the
Christmas handicap of 51000. The English
bred gelding . was always favorite. The
weather was fine and the track fast. Re
sults :
One mile, selling— Tom Gllmore won, Bert
Davis second. Brown Vail third. Time, 1:42%.
First race — Esplrando, Novla, Genua.
Second race— Lou Rey, Alas, Socialist.
Third race— MacGyle, Sam Howard, Artllla.
Fourth race-^Bell Punch, Torslda, Coming
Event.
Fifth race-^-Bab, David S, Argregor.
, Sixth race— Opponent, Wallensttin, Astor.
• t . ./ — 1 — * — 7- ¦¦¦-
Hesults at New Orleans.
Probable Winners.
Third ; --*: race— Seven and a half - farlongs;
maiden ' three-year-olds and up; purse: „
1462 MacGyle .*. 104 1425 Nemesis 104
1344 Gold Finder... .104 1511 Sweet Voice.. ..104
1522 William F.;..;.10J 1425 Eight Dollars.. 112
1177 Lizella .........109 1522 Artllla ...V..... .104
1511 Sam Howard. .104 1522 Canejo ' 104
1522 Jim McGowan.104 \ 1311 Lady Maud. ...^104
Fourth race— *One mile; three-year-olds and
up-,' selling: ' , .. . . '•¦'¦¦:'.
(1524)Klckumbob 96 1533 Coming Event. 96
1434 Bell Punch:.. ..108 1527 Mitten .........100
(1436)Sybarls ..105 1490 Torslda 107
1496 St Wood... 10S 152S Billy- Moore..:. 100
Fifth race— Five and a half furlongs; two'-:
year-olds; purse:. * . • '. i
1514 Instant©. ...¦..:. .100 (1529)Argregor 1.....11J
1541 Darlene ........100 1498 Courtier .......112
148S Bab- ......:.:... 115 149S Oscar Tolle....ll5
1500 Bob Palmer.. ..112 1239 Eontc ....:....;115
1529 Follow Me 100 652 Rathgar 112
(1500)Toah 115 1509 David S. ...... .115
Sixth race-»-One mile; three-year-olds and up;
selling: /"-,.'
1530 Perseus......... 99 1523 Hohenloh* ....107
1206 Faunette, 99 1523 Don Luis J3
1506 Isaline .....:... 91' 1517 Astor 104
(lol'MVallensteln ... 95 (1522)GUssando ...... 93
1508 Herculean 101 1519 Opponent ' 102
1539 Uarda ....... '..... 107. 1528 L&machus ..... 93
HAin>I0AP FOTJIISOMES
ON PBESTDIO THINKS
Caddies of San Francisco Golf Club
"Will Hold a Tournament on
Friday.
The men's foursomes over eighteen
holes, medal play, with handicap, did not
attract many players to the 'links 'of. -the
San Francisco Golf Club yesterday.. Pour
couples entered, and of these H. B. Good
win and Captain D. J. Rumbaugh came
out first with a score of 103 less 7— 56. The
full scores were as follows: .'} '
? ¦ /
TAXTORAN-PARK, TUESPAT. DECEMBER S.-WeAthCT ( fine. (^c* .*?**•_ ... ..„,.. ....
1540. FIRSy RACE— One mile; gelling; three-year-olds and np: purse, HOP. |
Index Ho»e, Age, Welght.|^t|st. g. tt. Str. Tto^ JW, '^~ ™<^~&
Bernays. 5...105 « 5 IU 4h JH In Domtnlclc.. 8-B »-5 »-» W0
(1535) Owensboro. si..... 99 .2 7 7 3% SJ «? ColMirn { » 8 »
(1467),Ed« a rdO..3 102 11 2J4 «3 5 1 J f™™* ¦"" jj S 5 8-8
S- gaJi-r:,v-iS fl? it V i" ' l?. c Hg..:: " » ¦» "
away poorly. . Socialist Wiled off chasing Alee. Scratched-St. 'Wood 108. rTesuoigiiaior
Malay _105,_ Kjckumbob 9&. •¦_..-.-,... .. » ,->,->,.->-.-.¦-¦ ¦-. ...-. -. .-'-'--- ~~~~>~>»~»~
1541. SECOND RACE— Five furlongs: maiden ttro-year-olds; purse. $350,
__ — — ¦ ; f . . B«ttlng ¦->
Index Hor»e and" Weight Pat It. %. %. Str. Fin. _fgW-__ °°- m ' a " PL
§MSM \ ? ? I ! ir s;-:: ill *
... Kathrlne Ennl»..JoS J .1 1H JH 7J J2 Martin « « 10 J
1518 Lucera 105 19 8 94 8 «U 82 Fhelan W 50 40 lo
1518 Sham .....100 6 10 10 9 9 2 »2 Mounce..... « 1° " «
.... JDarlene ..IPS T 9 8 4 10 10 H J- Woods... SO *>_ — &• Jr
Time-fc -24- H 36- »4 1:02. Poor start. Won easily. Second and third driving.
T^Stemier's" b f. by top. MaMetto-Queen Titania. Princes, outstayed Tola . Utmui
Jit dropprtli for • mlSite. Slap Da 9 h was a hot dish. Knnfs b^w up. Sham unable
to break q .,..,.._.._, ¦u.-.-ruru.-.,-. -¦
1542. THIRD RACE— Steeplechase; short course; handicap; 3-year-old3 and up: parse. $500.
: : Tpg-i " T r - Eettlng
Index Horse. Age. Weight. P»t St. 5 J. W.J. Btr. Fin, j Jockeys. Op. HI. Cl. PL
s 1" sr ihiifs^" a ;i a -;
is jsisst^wt ' ' '¦ l l^MSM 'j I J -
1477 Texarkana. 5 120 5 6 H 1 15 Fell ... %\orth'gton 80 15 lo «
Time— 4:21%. Go'od start Won easily. Winner, W. P. Fine's ca. g. by Red Iron-LUy W
LWul good fencer, and game. So to Lord Chesterfield Texarkana set a merry clip
until he f elUScratched-^an'tDancel^ Eya^Joe^Sa.^ C°i°^^?£!^-r> -n.-mum^.n -.,
1543. FOURTH RACE— Mile and a quarter; Christmas Handicap; 3-year-olds and up; 81C50.
! — ~~~~~ po^ ~" " ~~. r B<tUng
Index Horse. Age. Weight. Pst St. %¦ %• Str. Fin. Jockey*. Op. HI. CL PL
1333 Eddie Jones. B...110~Tl0 81 32 11 13 Jenkins .... 4 7 T |-2
(1411) Vesuvlan. 3 118 12 3 88 8h 3n2n T. Sloan.... 2 11^ 1 «-
1531 The Lady, 3 Ill 10 6 4h 4h 31 3n Bergen . 6 2> 20 8
1531 Adv'nce Guard, 3.118 13 92 92 54 4V4 Devln 5 W 5 X
1515 Scales. 3 108 9 8 6H Bh 4h.B3 O'Connor .. 6 10 • S
1435 Malay 4 1M 2U 1115 1110 6 3 «4 X Woods... SO M 50 15
1473 The Fretter. 4...105 8 1 23 22 7h7h Domlnlck .. 20 SO SO M
(1531) Andrlsa, 3 115 11 4 In In 81 8J4 bounce .... • • • 8-5
(1533) Vlncltor. « UO. 8 7 10 2 10 2 9H JH X. Turner.. J « 15 5
1531 Mortgage. 3 89 4 8 71 6 b 10 1 10 3 Coburn •• ~ •• »
1S31 Greenock. 3.. .,...104 7 9 5 h 7 n 11 4 11 S T. Burns.... \ ™ ™. A
(1519) Greyfeld. 4... ....113 B II 12 13 13 13 [BuUman ... 4 » 4 »-»
Tlme—^i, ;24; H. -*»Mi %. 1:15; mile. l:4Hi; lVim. 2:07. Good start except Greyfeld. Won
all out. Second and third driving. Winner. Bum. & Water-house's br h. by Moreno-Early
Rose. Winner, a remarkable cripple, was well ridden and had something left »t flnua-
Sloan waited too long with Vesuvlan and lost ground at stretch turn. Advance Guard
must be an Iron horse. Scales did his best. Andrlsa sent out to make th» pac«. Malay
ran a swell race. Greyfeld, practically left, ran last mile and an eighth In 1:53. •Coupled
with Vesuvlan. "Coupled with Eddie Jones. Scratched— Florlzar 105, Imperious 105. Loco-
I chee%, LayatOT^06^RnTgor^
1544. FIFTH RACE— Seven furlongs; Weatchester Handicap; two-year-olda; purse. 8360,
1 i : po~T ~ ~~ j / Batting— — >
Index Hort>« and Weight. Pst St. U. %. Str. Fin. | Jockey. Op. HI. CL Fl
/iuik\ Br.it* 1 10* ~T" 3 4 J /i 5 1113 O'Connor .. 8 9-8 4 1
S canmir,":::;:::;:!?; I * In U n n Mo«nc. .... « i ».» >¦»
1525 SeWe 99 41 In 2%3n 34 Cobura ..... 3 B 6 1
15M Cougar " ..,»? 2 2 2H lh 4348 Domlnlck .. 5 10 9 3
15J Bernota 85 B « 6 31 S B JRansch « « « t!
Tlme-% -23U- %. :«: H. 1:03; 74. 1:28. Good start. -Won handily. Second and third driv
ing^ Winner Burllngame Stock Farm'« ch. g. b;r tap. Brutus-Form^. Brutal U of the
improving sort and will be hard to beat from now on. Mounce on Canmere waited too
iSS^and was cut oft on backstretch besides. Bernota. away poorly, showed plenty of
speed. _^^ >TJ( _ fxJ^ J - o - o^^T -n-r^-^^
1545. SIXTH RACE-Seven furlongs; three-ycar-olfla; purse, 1430.
• ~~ - pJJ ~~ . if Betting— — -^
Index Hots, and Weight. St. U. H- 8tr. Fla. Jockeya. Op. HI. CL PL
,.„ r-/»i^ n» — ' ¦ - no • ~j^ 3~n - 2 IVi 2 3 12 Coburn .4 »-2 »-2 «-J
I^iilillllsil i I
Slgb 1 !..::::::::^ iU U U I 1 '<' 9SSST.r. £ & * 1
telling Jenkins^ after the race that Vesu
•vlan was beaten far down the stretch.-/
• .There .was a flood of coin In the ring,
but the books reaped no great harvest,
as the three winning favorites were all
well 'backed. Brutal and Gold Or were
also well supported at remunerative bclds.
The , track .while good was far from. being
in Hghtnlng-faat condition, the perform
ance of Eddie Jones being the best of the
afternoon;
A mile- run, decided under selling con
ditions, opened the sport. Dr. Bernays,
carrying Domjnick and 105 pounds, had a
pronounced call in the ring, and through
the excellent handling received, won rid
den out from Owensboro by a neck. Gar
net Ferguson's colt Alee set a fast clip
out In tront to the stretch, when he be
gan fading. av/ay and ran unplaced. So
cialist, it was thought by many, might do
the turn, but he backed up badly after
chasing Alee. ;
Ten maiden two-year-olds next- paraded
with the colors up. Pat Dunnes Tola
was touted as a good thing, and the geld
ing did show quite a flight of speed.
When headed *or the stand, Farrell shook
up. Princess Titania, the favorite, and she
forged to the. front, beating Tola hands
down. Litmus, a 40 to 1 shot, got up In
time to take the show from Infra. Slap
Dash, quite a heavily backed one, failed
to run as well as expected.
Following this the . new steeplechase
course received Its baptism, a field . of
five going over- the tortuous route. 4t
was .a handicap, and L6mo, piloted by
Bob .Cairns, and an 8 to 5 favorite, again
earned brackets. Lord Chesterfield, with
top-weights up, 156 pounds, was the con
tender throughout, but could not over
haul Lomo In the run home., Texarkana
cut a wide swath out in the lead for quite
a piece, coming to grief at the obstacle
following the water jump. • Lomo Is an
extremely safe jumper, and handled his
155 pounds to perfection. Mestor, many
lengths behind, again fell heir to the
*>mall end of the purse.
It begins to look as If Prince Poniatow
ski has a more than useful piece of racing
bric-a-brac In Brutal. Canmore,- from
AValter Jennings' stable, looked a "moral"
on paper for the • Westchester handicap
at. seven furlongs, but proved almost easy
for- Brutal. The Prince's two-year-old
was backed down" from 8 to 4, and through
Mounce's injudicious handling of the first
choice won with O'Connor taking matters
quietly at the close. Bernota got the
worst of the. break at the post, and Selde
ran Into the show. • . -
Burns*&-Waterhouse took the final race
on the card, • a seven-furlong purse, run
with their recent purchase, Gold Or. The
ring laid 9 to 2'about the big sprinter, and
after he had followed In the wake of
Wooster Boy. until well on ; toward the
wire, then passing Hildreth's horse, the
result was never in doubt. When the bar
rier was .released Montanic ..swerved,
ruining all chances of the favorite Tuthill.
Track Notes.
reserved.)
Ed White, sporting editor of : the
Chicago Inter-Ocean. Is here to "do" the
local racing season for his paper. Mr.
White is one of the best known writers
on sporting? subjects In the Windy City.
Al. Stanford, the steeplechase rider, Is
back from Australia. He reports racing
in a flourishing condition l down In tho
colonies.
Wten Nick Hall died he possessed little
or no means. Dan Honlg Is taking up
subscriptions for the benefit of the de
ceased horseman's family.
'¦¦ Following are to-day's entries:
(Copyrighted, 1900, by W. A. Martin. All rights
Flrnt race— Five furlongs; four-year-olda and
up; selling:
1533 Jingle Jingle... 104 (1501)Espir*ndo 104
1530 Simon D... 104 1501 Genua ..104
6«3 CH.H'rrson Jr.104 1487 Merry Boy ,.104
1457 Maud Fers'son.104 1457 Alleviate ......101
1521 Montallndo ....101 - 419 Saintly ..104
752 Amelia Fonso.. 101 1494 Xovla ..104
Second race — One mile; three-year-olds and
up; selling:
(1487)Imp*rious- 104 f 1538 Pupil ......'....104
(1457)Lo»t Girl.. 104 1528 Mary Kinsella. 99
1539 Alas 101 1535 Lothian 110
il523)Lou Rpy........lO7 1528 Duckoy: 101
1408 Melkarth ......102 1527 Cyril ........... 99
1540 Socialist 119 1354 Jolly Briton.... 90
THE CALL'S RACING FORM CHART.
BY IF 1 . B. Is^XJIjIIOI.jXj^.I^ID.
His Mount, • Vesuvian, Beaten:; fo^to W Eddie Jones,
Super Dly Ridden by ? Clem Jenkins—^Hard Luck of Greyfeld. \
FLORAL HORSB8H0B BUT NO GLORY FOR TOD SLOAN
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY DECEMBER 26; 1 900.
4
PLATERS.
3 b a :• g" ¦
61 69 110~~~8
t( 47 103 7
65 61 106 2
•
25
n
103
J. H. Me* and I* Chenery.
H B. Goodwin and Cap-
- tain D. - J. ; Rumbauyh. . .".
J. W. Byrne and U. O.
Kellogjr
S. L.. Abbot Jr. and O. P.
Eells ;-...
8t
i 1(H
PLATERS.
3 b a :• g" ¦
61 69 110~~~8
t( 47 103 7
65 61 106 2
•
25
n
103
J. H. Me* and I* Chenery.
H B. Goodwin and Cap-
- tain D. - J. ; Rumbauyh. . .".
J. W. Byrne and U. O.
Kellogjr
S. L.. Abbot Jr. and O. P.
Eells ;-...
8t
i 1(H
ADVESTISEaHINTS.
SENT FREETO MEN !
A Host Remarkablo Remedy Thai
Quickly Restores Lost Vigor
A Freo Trial Paekage Sent toy Man
to All Who Write.
' Free trial packages of a mest remarka-
ble remedy are being mailed to all -who
will write the State Medical Institute.
They cured bo many men who had bat-
tled for years against the mental and
physical suffering of lost manhood ft* at
the Institute haa decided to distribute
free trial packages to all who writ*, it
is a home treatment, and all men who
suffer from any form of sexual weakneaa
resulting from youthful folly, prematura
loss of strength and memory, weak Lack
varicocele or emaciation of parts can aow"
cure themselves at home.
The remedy has a peculiarly grateful
effect of warmth and seems to act direct
to the desired location, giving strengta
and development Just where it is needed.
It cures all the Ills and troubles .hat coma
from years of misuse of the natural func-
tions and has been an absolute success .n
all cases. A request to the Stato Medical
Institute, S28 Elektron baUdlngr, Fort
Wayne. Ind.. statins that you de*tire cna
of their free trial packages, will be com-
piled with promptly, j The Institute Is d»-
elrous of reaching that grea: class of me.i
who are unable to leave home to be treat-
ed, and the free sample will enable them
to see how easy it is to be cured of sex-
uaci weakness when the proper remed'.ea
are employed. The Institute makes no re-
strictions. Any man who writes will be
sent a free sample, carefully sealed in a
plain package, so that its recipient neei
nave no fear of embarrassment or publii-
lty. Headers are requested to writs with.
out delay.
Your boy
Would Appreciate Nothing
So Much as a
CLEVELAND
BICYCLE
$35.00.
¦•-.'•. It Is Fitted With a
MORROW COASTER BRAKE at
— J4O.OO--
JUYENILE BICYCLES— $20, $22.50, $25.
LEAVITT & BILL,
309 Larkin Street . . . 6AN FRANCISCO.
20 Son Pablo Avcnoe . OAKLAND.
57 South Second Street .... SAN JOSE.
AII1IA J* 01 ? ,* Rand Waterproof
H « I &B IL 1 Smokeless Powder, la bul*
S n I I 111 and Ioa d*d la Bhella. 8«rU
Blfll 1 for c * ta lotf*Je of sportingNew Yorkers Favor Evans'
Because It is by' all odds the finest Ale ¦ and
Etout. Brewery bottling help* It. v All dealers. •
POSTAX CLERKS MATTE
A THREAT TO STRIKE
Complain of Overwork, but Resume
Their Places When the* Leader
Is Suspended.
CHICAGO. Dec. 25.— A strike among
clerks of the registry dc\i?ion of the Gen
eral Postoffice yesterday menaced for. a
time the prompt delivery of thousands of
Christinas gifts. Extra hours of work
v:as the grievance of a score of opera
tives who, during the holiday rush, have
been compelled to labor fourteen hours a
day • The trouble was quickly adjusted
by the postcface authorities, who suspend
ed the leader of the strikers. The rank
and file of the protesting clerks then re
turned to their labors.
Superintendent Merr of the registry di
vision said: "The malls were flooded this
year and there is no other way than to
make the clerks work. We are handling
- 15 per cent more work this year than in
1E33 I have- thirty-six men assisting: the
reg-ular force and I would add «till more
but for the fact that there are no expe
rienced hands, and we cannot break in
rrecn ones. Some of the employes com
plained to me. but after explaining the
situation they returned to work, and I
anticipate no further trouble. Tne leader
of the strikers refused to work any longer
end there was no course left open for us
but to suspend him."
The Challenge Is Out.
"Wednesday, January the 2d, the great
chaJler.ee will take place in this city. •
Big Cattle Shipment.
FLORA, 111., Dec. £5.- The largest ship
ment of cattle from Southern Illinois and
probably from the State of Illinois within
recent years left this last night on a
epeciaJ train of twenty-seven cars over
the Baltimore and Ohio Southwestern
Railway for New York, whence they will
go direct to Liverpool. The shipment,
which numbers over 400 head and was
P4?nt by one shipper, represents a market
value eliphtly in exerts of J40.000.
"Ulra Valle." P. Klein. Sauterne type, claret.
CnL&4 Via. X>ei>oc £12 Geary street.' ¦ . *
Steamer Apparently Uninjured; and
Leaves Under Her Own Steam. .
NEW YORK; Dec. 25.— The British
steamer Antllla. which went ashore on
Great Egg harbor shoals yesterday during
the prevalence of a heavy fog. was floated
this morninR. The vessel was apparently
uninjured, as she started immediately for
New York under her own steam.
ANTTLLA IS FLOATED.
James Baxter, Being About to Die,
Is Released From Jail.
MONTREAL, Dec 25.— James Baxter,
formerly of Chicago and lately of New
York, who was sentenced here some time
ago to five j-ears In the penitentiary for
his connection with the Banque VHle Ma
rie frauds, has been released on "condi
tional pardon" from St. Vincent de Paul
penitentiary- His wife and friends have
been working incessantly for his pardon
on account of ill health ever since his
conviction. He Is suffering from dropsy
and his condition is serious.
CONDITIONALLY PARDONED.
Services.
WICHITA, Kan., Dec. 25.— A dispatch
from Ponca City, O. T., says: Dr. Haw
kins, formerly of Knox, Mo., is dead at
Ralston, near here.
Cowboy Hamm of Moody's ranch
knocked- the doctor down and danced on
his 6tomach, thereby fatally injuring him.
The doctor was over 60 years of age,. and
recently saved the life of Hamm, over the
settlement for which services the fatal
dispute arose.
Cruel Deed of a Cowboy as the Result
of a Quarrel Over a Fee for
.KILLS THE PHYSICIAN ?
WHO SAVED HIS iLTFE
Body of the Murdered Auditor Con
signed to the Grave.
CLEVELAND, x Dec. 25.— The body ol
Frank : H. Morris, the murdered auditor
of the War Department, was brought here
to-day from Washington, being accompa
nied by the widow and son of the de
ceased. Brief funeral services were held
In the chapel of Lakevlew Cemetery,
which were attended by a number, of
friends and acquaintances of the family.
Barton "Will Form a Cabinet.
SYDNEY, N. S. W., Dec. 25.-Edmund
Barton has accepted the Earl < of Hope
toun's offer to form the first Cabinet of
the Federation.
ST. PETERSBURG. Dec. 2S.-Crown Prince
Chowfa Malm Vajtravudh of Slam has arrived
here from the « Weft . "TinrttVlftTirt II. > Li I lilllll III 1 1
FUNERAL OF MORRIS.
ST. PETERSBURG, Dec. 25.— The
Prince of Oldenbourg, president of the
Government " Temperance Committee, at
noon to-day declared the People's Palace
open to the public. After the inaugura
tion ceremonies the Prince and -twenty
of the higher army officers, including, the
commanding generals, and with high of
ficials, noblemen and ladles, dined side
by side with peasants and the families of
worklngmen.
People's Palace In St. Petersburg
Dedicated by a Prince.
OPENED TO THE PUBI*IC.
Senator TTaTina Declares the Measure
Should Go Through Solely
on Its Merits.
CLEVELAND, Ohio, Dec. 25.— Senator
Ilanna was Informed to-day of a state
ment which is In circulation to the effect
that there was a powerful lobby in favor
of the subsidizing of American shipping
at the Philadelphia convention and in
"Washington.
"The only lobby of the kind that I know
anything about." was the Senator's
answer, "is a lobby of foreign steamship
companies who are trying to defeat the
bill. There was no lobbying at Philadel
phia at all. The subsidy bill is a wise
measure, and there is no desire to force
it through Congress. We want it to go
through on its merits. It has been three
years in preparation, and has been
amended twenty times. The President, in
all his messages, has urged the necessity
of some such measure, and It was made a
plank in the St. Louis platform and the
Philadelphia platform. The details are
left to Congress to work out."
SAYS THERE IS NO LOBBY
FOB THE SUBSIDY BILL
J. Smith, who lives two miles south of
Checotah. became Involved in a quarrel
with T.- Thompson over the shooting at
Kufalia and began shooting, Thompson
being mortally ¦wounded.
Tiger's arm will have to be amputated.
Great indignation prevails over the free
sale of liquor and firearms.
Tiger immediately jumped on a horse
and tried to escape, but was pursued. He
was chased three miles, when he jumped
off his horse, got behind- a tree and began
shooting. Deputy Marshall Johnson, who
returned the fire, struck Tiger in the arm.
The murderer surrendered and was
brought to Eufalia.
MUSKOGEE. O. T.. Dec 25.— John Ti
ger, a fullblood Indian, a ferryman on the
Arkansas River, two miles west of Eufa
lia, went to Eufalia with his family to
day, and while intoxicated met L. B.
Roper and threatened to kill him. Roper
immediately struck Tl^er with a board,
no words passing between them. Tiger
went to his buggy, got a Winchester and
came back to kill Roper, but failed to find
him on his return. Enraged, he proceed
ed to shoot every one he saw, shooting
Jesse Beck through the hips and killing
him. shooting and killing Dave Porter, a
nephew of Chief Porter, and a mover
named Johnson, on his way to Missouri in
a covered wagon w^lh his family. . Bud
Taylor, aged 18, a boy, was Bhot through
the shoulder and is i.ot expected to live.
Becom.s Intoxicated and
Runs Amuck in Streets
of Eufalia.
INDIAN SHOOTS
FOUR PERSONS
much to do with the general excellence
of the big production.
Many here will recall her as the former
wife of W. H. Lynch, at one time owner
of the Los Angeles Herald, and very well
known in this city. After her divorce from
him she adopted the stage as a. profes
sion, her beauty and natural gifts as an
actress carrying her up to the position
she now occupies. She will make her first
appearance at the Alhambra on Sunday
afternoon. The piece will include the
most realistic battle scene ever depicted
on a local stage. In this over 200 people
will take part, including a troop of cav
alry, a complete field battery and two
companies of regulars.
WASHINGTON, Dec 25.— The following
notice was posted to-day by the Secre
tary of Agriculture: Milton Whitney,
chief of Division of Soils, reports a suc
cessful termination of experiments con
ducted In co-operation with the Connecti
cut experiment station in the production
of Sumatra tobacco near Hartford. Ono
third of an acre was planted under a
cheesecloth shade three feet high and cul
tivated and fermented under the direction
of M. L. Floyd, tobacco expert of the de
partment. The yield of cured tobacco was
600 pounds, making an estimated yield for
one acre of 2100 pounds. This lost about
10 per cent in the fermentation. The crop
has just been sold by Ij. B. Haas & Co.
of Hartford to Michaelson & Hibbard of
Kansas City for $473 70, making an esti
mated value for one acre of $142L The
cost of production. Including the whole
cost of the shade — the frame for which
will last five years— will not exceed S500
per acre, leaving a net profit of over $900
per acre. This was an average price of 71
cents per pound. The crop grown in the
same field without shade yielded about
the came quantity and brought 27 cents
per pound, or at the rate of 5507 87 per
acre. Deducting cost of cultivation, this
would leave a profit of about $300 per acr*.
The ordinary crop of the Connecticut Val
ley brings the farmer about 20 cents per
pound, or $360 per acre, and deducting the
cost of expenses leave a profit of about
$260 per acre.
The Sumatra tobacco grown under shade
has been submitted to New York and
Philadelphia business men and has been
pronounced satisfactory and fully equal
to imported Sumatra. "
These facts show that we can grow Su
matra tobacco of the highest Quality In
this country and save our farmers be
tween $6,000,000 and $7,000,000 which Is now
sf>nt ahroad annuallv for the foreign
grown leaf. This work is the result of
the soil survey made in the Connecticut
Valley two years ago, and similar results
can be expected only from similar areas
where the soils and climatic conditions
are similar to those In the. Connecticut
Valley and in Florida.
Successful Trial . Made at
the Connecticut Exper
ment Station.
SUMATRA TOBACCO
GROWN IN AMERICA
a RACE FRANKLIN LYNCH, the
beautiful and fascinating lead
ing lady of Jacob Litt's big Xecv
York company which is to pro
duce the stirring war-time
drama, "Shenandoah," at the Alhambra
next week, is well known In this city,
where she has a great mary friend?.
This is. her first return here since she be
came bo prominent in the dramatic pro
fession, and considerable interest has
been aroused in her forthcoming appear
ance at the Alhambra. As "Mrs. Hav
erill" Mrs. Lynch is afforded excellent
opportunities for displaying her rare tal
ents, and her portrayal of that part has
The Well-Known Actress to Take the Part of Mrs.
Haverill in the Great War Drama.
GRACE FRANKLIN LYNCH
TO PLAY IN "SHENANDOAH"
Editor of London Daily Mail
Comments Upon New
Journalism.
Predicts th.e Formation of Great
Meu-spaper Trusts Wltose Power
to Influence the World Would
Be Enormous.
NEW YORK. Dec". 25.-Alfred Harms-
Trcrvh, editor and proprietor of the Lon
oon Daily Mail, who Is a passexiger on the
Teutonic, due in New York to-morrow.
has contributed to the January number
of the North American ReView an article
on what he calls "The Simultaneous
Newspapers of the Twentieth Century."
Mr. iiarnisworth expressed the opinion
that in spite cf all the progress that has
been made in the development of the
newspaper hitherto, we are still merely
at the tringe of journalistic development.
Of newspaper illustration he saye:
"An occasional newspaper illustration.
If It caa be properly produced, is no uoubt
a good Chixut. and is appreciated as help
lui by the reader; but many of the pres
ent cay illustrations are Quite unneces
sary and are merely given as a matter of
habit or because rival journals use them.
cr even for the less urgent reasons that
there is a certain ajnouiit of space to tm
cecoraied and artists or photographers
to bo kept occupied. No daily journal
which relies principally upon its Illustra
tions has been, in any real sense, an over
whelming success. ¦'
Mr. .Harms worth takes exception to the
hopelessly clumsy shape of tne ordinarv
newspaper.
"With the newspapers of the whole civ
ilized world before me." he said, "each
week I look In vain for any great and im
pressive stroke of originality or daring.
we still cling to the clumsy and awK
ward shape in which our newspapers are
issued, and the man who has attempted to.
manipulate one. of them on a windy day
¦will best appreciate the force of my re
marks. Without new machinery' it would
be Impossible to issue the newspaper of
the future in what is obviously its proper
Ehape— a small portable and neatly in
dexed publication. Among the news
papers that ara, in iry opinion, now mak
irvg progress, setting aside the entire lac*
of commercial morality, axe some of the
French Journals. Thev have always been
noted for their hiph literary excellence.
The anonymous editorial has never been
a. particularly strong feature of the
3r"rench newspaper. On the other hand,
pure literature in the shape of fiction or
criticism has been one of its chief char
acteristics."
The power of the press is not what it
¦used to be, is Mr. Harmsworth's opinion.
This, he eaye, is especially true of Eng
land, where the editorial, or leader, which
was formerly read and Quoted by all men
of intelligence, is now scarcely glanced at.
The great cry is for news. But even in
•connected with this dissemination of
Tews, the press, in Mr. Harmsworth's
Jufigment, has lost reputation. He says:
"Lately there has begun a kind of inter
necine warfare between the various
organs of the press, by which they very
largely injure their own positions and
that cf their opj>onentE. An item of news
published in one paper is immediately dis
credited in another, and the public, natur
ally enough, comes to the opinion that
newspapers axe usually inaccurate and too
often dismiss a perfectly correct etate
ment as 'mere newspaper talk.' "
Mr. Harmsworth pays a high tribute to
•the press of the United States as being,
in one respect, in advance of the pro
gress of his country. "The question," he
eays, "what to put before the public and
in what manner to place it before them
is one that calls for the keenest and best
judgment on the part of the newspaper
directors. Here, undoubtedly, the press
of the T.'nlt^d States is in advance of that
of Great Britain. Such newspaper Iead
*rs as Pulitzer, Dana. Bennett, Hear«t, |
Raymond. Jonef. Childs. Medlll. Lawson.
Eussell. Cummings. Taylor. Halstead,
Patterson. De Young. Slngerly, God kin.
Greelin. McKelway. Watterson and Sto
rpy have had but a few counterparts •with j
us. The instinct that tells what is news
and how the public will best take it is not
given to every writer. There is a. great
art in feeling the pulse of the peopie."
• Predicting what the journals of the
twentieth century will be. he says:
"I feel certain that the newspapers of
the twentieth century will be drawn into
the vortex of combination and centraliza
tion. In fact, given the man. the capital,
the organization and the occasion, there
jecms to be no reason why one or two
newspapers may not presently dominate
great sections of the United States or al
most the whole of Great Britain. In other
•words, where there are now a multitude
of papers, good* bad, and Indifferent.
there will then be one or two great jour
nals. The method by which such jour
nals would be established would be pre
cisely those employed in the formation of
any "ordinary trust. Possessing its own
ea-b'ee. wires, dispatch boats and special
trains, the simultaneous, newspaper con
cern would ?oon have its own paper mills,
printing ink factories, machinery shops
and the like.
••The simultsr.^ous newspaper would
represent a standard of excellence which
has never before been attained, and with
its own vast resources it would be able to
carry out on an unprecedented scale en
terprises outside of the strict newspaper
field.
"Mr. Pulitzer's wonderful stroke of jour
nalistic genius in connection with the
bond issue. Mr. Hearst's successful ap
peal to the people on the war Issue be
tween the United States and Spain and
the work of British newspapers in con
nection with the South African campaign
go to show what can be done In the direc
tion of influencing public opinion even un
der existing circumstances. Imagine,
then, the influence which would be ex
erted if an overwhelming majority of the
newspapers In the United States spoko
with the sane voice, supported the same
principles and enunciated the same policy.
"Such a ftate of things would be a ter
ror to evil-doers and to the supporters of
anything inimical to the commonwealth."
Mr. Harmsworth is strongly of the opin
ion that the newspapers should not be
partisan in a poetical sense, but should |
endeavor to represent the will of the
people.
SAYS THE PRESS
HAS LOST POWER
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL,, WEDNESDAY, DECEMBER 26, 1900.
GRACE FRANKLIN LYNCH, AN ACTRESS WELL KNOWN HERE, WHO
WILL TAKE THE PART OF MRS. HAVERILL IN "SHENANDOAH."
WHICH WILL BE PRODUCED AT THE ALHAMBRA.
5
STATEMENT
OF THE
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
OP THE
FIDELITY DEPOSIT
COMPANY
OF BALTIMORE, IN THE STATE OF
Maryland, on the 31st day of December.
A. D. 1599. and for the year endlnr on that
day, as made to the Insurance Commissioner
of the State of California, pursuant to the
provisions of Sections 610 and Sll of the Po-
litical Code, condensed as per blank furnished
by the Commissioner:
CAPITAI*
Amount of Capital Stock, paid up ia
Cash .'. $1,600,000 00
ASSETS. "
Real Estate owned by Company...... $600,000 00
Cash Market Value of all Stocks and
Bonds owned by Company J.1J2.W7 00
Cash in Company's Office - to.tS4.17
Cash in Banks U0.it* 08
Premiums In duo Course of Collec-
tion 11«,»79 1J
Total Asseta liCI.wli
LIABILITIES.
Losses adjusted and unpaid $4,157 33
Losses in process of Adjustment or
In Suspense t S2.74J 13
Gtoss premiums on Risks running
one year or less, S1.224.37S 68; re-
insurance SO percent C12.1S9 33
Total Liabilities $M3.C92 79
(-1'i; INCOME.
Net cash actually received for pre-
miums $947,542 »
Received for interest and dividends
on Bonds. Stocks. Loans and from
all other sources 91,517 S3
Received for Rents..... 28. IB ft
Received for commissions. Safe De-
posit Dept.. etc 106. 420 S3
Total Income rt.lK.rt3 45
EXPENDITURES. ¦
Net amount paid for Losses $337,423 C4
Dividends to Stockholders 207.4SS 00
Paid or allowed for Commission or '
Brokerage RS.J0O M
P&id for Salaries. Fees and other
charges for officers, clerks, etc.... 70.333 II
Paid for State. National and Local
Taxes 40,444 W
All other payments and expenditures 1M.431 14
Total Expenditures $96O.SX1 SS
EDWIN WARFIELD. President.
HE. BOSLER. Secretary.
Subscribed and sworn to before me thli Uth
day of January. 1900. . .
FRED. S. AXTELL. Xotary Public.
FRANK L. GILBERT,
GENERAL AGENT,
ROOMS 24-25 TENTH FLOOR,
MILLS BUILDING,
I San Francisco.
h Weekly Call
Enlarged to 16 Pages
ONE DOLLAR PER YEAR
Beiore-Stock-Taking Sales. !
' - ¦ sS» X
That Means Savings of One-Quarter, One-Third, One-Half, and Even More, on £
Many Lines of Season Goods. !
Stocks to be got ready for the semi-annual inventory. Remnants, Short Lines, Season Goods to be 5
disposed of as soon as possible. Large quantities of Merchandise closed out to us at sacrifice Drices by various $
jobbers and manufacturers also to be included in the Sweeping Reduction Sales that precede our January inventory. $
_ _ _ _ . : . ; : |
Prc-Invcntory Sale of Flannels. Prc-Invcntory SilK Sale *
To-Day and Balance oi the WceK. To-Day and Balance of the WeeK. • $
Prmtcd Flzmnsls — the balance of our larg; stocks of genuine Vicuna rj Four vards and more for the P'ice of three — That should quickly sell jj
and Cronstadt F!anne!cttcs, that were ioc and 12 l / 2 c the yarJ— seasomSh dark color- gQ stveral short lines of beautiful Satin Duchesse and Crystal Cord Silks that we X
ings for wrnpprrs and wa 1 £W-to-:ay and icraindrr of the week-yard. . . ... hgyc tO close OUt before SWck-uk'ng. ' 5
Imported Flannels-^ e closed out from an importing agent a large lo: of 2Q !pch gg- Duche$se _ A11 , ak a jg rich fafcric with f b Enkh our |
hjavy g«de colored flannels, that were ..manufactured to srU at r.-ta.l for aoc yard They are oualitv/in .inch nexv colors » reseda, turquoise blue, gobelin, reds, gravs, navy, SNC 5
hravy-wrght and wide— colorings same on both s.des— mHum cobnngs in Rented et- Q •- of * - ' U KJ W J
fecu— ofterrd to-day and balance of the week at the incredibly low price— per y^ 2Unch Cord __ A rich high-grade ulk T extra heavy quality thit will give wcrl- 5
yard • • j ent weafj a f ew choice colorings only, inch as light blue, nile green, heliotrope, '"J^ X
i ~ rC reseda, lavender and myrtle; our regular J1.00 and $1.25 grades. To-dajr and /*Jf"
Prc-Invcntory Sale Muslin Wear Dcpt. '"¦"¦"" ! ™ k ~ •••••••' •- : j
Small 'ots of broken' assortments, with prices • Dr*P-.T?lVf a TltAY t \7 Fll*^*^^ I^HaH^ * • 5
badly brokn to cisposc of them quickly. ' /rfev^I) * mVWUU1 _~ *"' >l3 ' ~J , Vf kJU1C > J
Ladies* ai'.c mb ic skins, with 3 insfniops of fine Maitere //kv N^l^ To-Day qhq Balance ol WeeK. -j
lace and with dee P _ edge of same style lace gg| jfo-$%20&S$r Prior to taking account of stock we offer these three extraordraarv bargains in £
awfour cluster* ot tin: tucks — wee $4.50— fl*5 OC ' A'/#K ) '^_ypi -r» j 6 3»
to clean 'cm up-sale price. . ,. $D.LiD /^WWq' DrCSS 5 : 9
Tea Aprons— that were 35c and coc— marked to r)r j^S^^^==^^ Remnants Black and Colored Dtks Goods -Waiit, Skirt and rnit lengths of this season's took {•
c'.me out : '. LiOO /f^4-*^^pS^§^^. popul.r faSrics— Venetians, Ch;viots, Sirgfs, Zibilinis, Golt Skirting?, Plero'as, Ciepons, ere. \f
_..,. , ¦ 1' ' c ¦ " ., M . _ ._ J^fG^^s^^^^^ki^^^^ — all bareairs at marked prices - still further reduced. To-day aad •»»•_• j r\ e»
a jrjL£r^ t ffj^jj^^$i^ < «BWp» I^PII^viS wi ,« ¦, T^i H s
_..., , M - ft n r *.«x 52-hch Came! s Hair Cheviots Our regular {1.00 and $ i.s 5 values, m an of the S(\ x
Chldren's $2.50 DreHes-for agrs 1 to 4 tf J f\f\ popular mixture, brown, blue, gray, resrc a, etc.; balance of the week, per vard OVC S
years -finely made — fully lined — now *pLi»\Jf\f f \* X
Children's Lawn D«sse; — vcrj* fins— lace edged and inserton— were J5.OO — tfO QC 54 «"d 58 Inch Golf Cloaklngs — All of the popular Cvlorings, handsome plaid backs, garr.e?, ca- X
now *pC* sJ d- Hue, gray, bhek, etc., the comet weights for capes, smoking jackets, robej, fl* *\ X
Chi dren's .Vrisitti - black— iU-vvool-w=rc ; 5 c-noA- etc., reguhrly $ 3 .co and $3.50 yard, tculay and balance of week 4>£.&7 J
French Flannel Tailor Waist Sale To-Day's Grocery & Liquor Sale. I
A,lTnn^f Hal? Of? Until Best Eistern Hami— Sugar cured— It>. . . . 12c Worcestershire Sauce— (Lee i Perrin'i) % >
W*0r Aiuioii nan uii viiiii 3Oiu. Soda Crackers _ Frah , }i bO x« 40c pints. 22c -5
f*-TT Prior to Inventory we must reduce 'this stock. That Coffe:— Th= celebrated Kb Hee, regularly Extra White Wine-Quality all right— gal.. 40c "x
y&g means prices mus. be c* and cut deep. Here ,hey are. Kl^^^.V.VsS |
/Tfv§^ -O-dav an.i until sold — all are new Seedrd Raisins— Best quility— tt> pkgs !0c Brandy— Full quart bottle.— jo-<Jay 65 jj
// / \ (this season's) waists; all . colors, all sizes: w/^^-\ * ~~~ ~~ i^S»eFi''
Ik C I M *%0 - ": : : : : ; ; : % w Pre-Inventory Sale Cvrtains, Etc., ¦ 8
ri \l f It S s r$ z --S an( l J--75 Flannel Tailor Wa'sts, cut to. . '¦ _ «. * -^ « m -w-rr • J 9.
\kmJJL^7 ••••••••••••• • 51-so f^rffu^x To-Day and Balance of WeekT j
,A^f??MY & and 2 5 Flannel Tailor Waists, cut to. .$1.98 / 7 I'jlM f \ Curt 3i n$ that wer= $6 a pair or over— Brands Lace, Irish Point, Arab- n A Mt X
; »««i H-°i Fiann^l Tailcr Wauts, cut to. ... / / / / » . I . ian and Point Calais— to-day and balance of week Une-QlKirter OH X
( 'ijj 1 -' ' ~** W " \ '• • • -$2.45 /!.'*» A French C'etoi m — 33 inches wide, single or double faced, beautiful patterns for dra- 1£Lj% •'
» $16, $18 and $20 SilK-Lincd Jackets $10 \V\|i '}¦ ¦ /\ pcits, will wash and boil, regular selling price 15c yard, to-day and balance of week lOW *
Just for balance of week in order to reduce the stock \)|.\f VU W Fringe and Edgin? for upholstering— 1000 yards of the is^c and 15c qualities, some sightly
quickly— as Jortel lo: of our finest ani b.-s: al'.-silk lin-d Jackets, \jS^^\J soiled, to-day and ba'ance of the week on special sale, p:r yard 7\T\t{ 5C 5
fitted backs, standing and turn-down collars, trimmed or pla:n — tan, t 1 j . »JV* 4AAX\X tJ\r \g
castor, black and some blues. Not a Jacket in the .ot that was evtr. / II Embroidered P.llowi — A choice assortment left from the large Christmas stock — not tcty many J*
before less than $16.50, most of them $18. co and - tfH A AA ) . fj\ b ut vcr y nice ones, and great bargains at the closing out prices n A,«.«t«» AM 3f
|2O.c«. To-day and ralancs of week your choice for. jMU.UU / Q* .UllC-yVariCr UII «
VS*W tkwini* On Christinas Cards and Calendars—on hundreds of Euro- |
IlClil If I^ ICK pean Novelties— that are left from cvr Holiday Stocks. £
Lace-Trimmed Pin Cushions — *WSH^ IFBbflll^fibB^'fili Bfl^S ClOSCS at 6 <J
one-Third oil Excepting Saturday 5
1 UNITED STATES BRANCH.
STATEMENT
OF THE
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
OF THE
Scottisli Union anfl National
INSURANCE COMPANY
OF EDINBURGH. SCOTLAND. ON THE
Slat day ot December. A. D. 1X». and for
the year ending on that day. as mad* to th»
Insurance Commissioner of the State ot Call*
fornla, pursuant to the provisions of sections
(10 and 111 of the Political Code, condensed a*
per blank furniahed by the Commissioner.
ASSETS.
Real Estate owned by Company S 3G3.80S 24
Loans on Bonds and Mortgages.... 1.239,132 a
Caah market value of all Stocks and
Bonds owned by Company. 2,014,110 43
Amount of Loans secured by pledg*
of Bonds. Stocks and other mar-
ketable securities as collateral .... 1,900 W*
Cash in Company's Office............. M4 03
Cash in Banks &S.7S3 II
Interest due and accrued oa all
Stocks and Loans 30.86S si
Interest due and accrued on Bonds
and Mortgages 19.EO0 13
Premiums In due coarse of collection 327.2(0 94
Total Assets * S4.063.4S4 41
LIABILITIES.
Losses adjusted and unpaid t 74.473 SS
Losses In process cf adjustment or
In suspense 13T.C8 0*
Losses resisted. Including expenses.. 14, Sw 04
Gross premiums oa Fire Risks run-
ning 1 one year or less. $1103.418 M;
reinsurance SO per cent 901.20s U
Gross premiums on Fire Risks run-
ning more than one year. $1,930,-
493 SS; reinsurance pro rata 1.022.833 II
Duo and accrued for salaries, rent.
CO •• 3.000 00
Commissions and brokerage due and
to become due J5.S33 19
Total Liabilities $2,143,500 17
DTCOME.
Net cash actually received for Fire
premiums C.139.40O 23
Received for Interest on Bonds and
Mortgages (7,283 S3
Recelred for Interest and dividends
on Bonds, Stocks, Loans, and from
all other sources 73,130 73
Total Income I3.344.7SS 47
• EXPENDITURES.
Net amount paid for Fire Losses
(Including $313,425 94, losses of pre- >
vlous years) Sl.TS0.12s 20
Paid or allowed for commission or
brokerage 477.(33 SS
Paid for salaries, fees and other
charges for officers, clerks, etc.... ll&SCl (3
Paid for State. National and Local
taxes « S4.5SS 90
All other payments and expenditures 117.S29 et
Total Expenditures S2.34S.C99 13
JAS. H. BREWSTEK. Manager?
Subscribed and sworn to before. me. this 23d
day of January. 1900. ¦
CLARKSOJJ 2*. FOWLER.
Notary Public.
PACIFIC COAST DEPARTMENT i
R. C. MEDCRAFT, General Agent,
319 California Street S. F.
SAN FRANCISCO CITY AGENTS i
MANHEIM, DIBBERN & CO.,
21T Sansome Street S. F.
PDTTCUHQ FOR BARBERS. BAK-
DliUOIlXsiO «». bootblacks bath-
houses, billiard tables.
brewers, bookbinders, candy-makers, canner*.
dyers, flourmllls, foundries, laundries, paper-
hangers, printers, painters, shoe factories, sta-
blemen, tar-roofers, tanners, \ tailors, etc.
¦BUCnA.NAN BROo..
Brush Manufacturers. 609 Sacramento St
NEW. WESTERN HOTEL,
KEARXY. AND WASHINGTON STS.— RE-
modeled and renovated. KINO. WARD &
CO. European plan. Rooms. «0c to It 60 day:
$5 to $3 week; $3 to fX month. Free baths; hot
and cold water every room; fire grate* in erery
room; elrrator runs all night.
THE EMPOEIinkL
TEE EMPOEIUX
THZ EUPOEJUML
DR. PIERCE'S <£3a EODY-BATTEEY
Tie y. JlHfc Aw M^8
New >v>^P--rvv Weai
Life- /jK^ A \*rV\ Mm
Ulf 61. \bl*~ W 1) \ffl Amod ernap-
By means of feXtirVJBl/ Pllanc*! It
Dr. Plerce-s fc*^^Sr BHs the body
Beit and At- ffefiT; wlth electrlc-
tichmenti a •TX.tSfiPm Ml thu* g\v-
powerrul cur- fK#Cvs|?K<SB In Nature's
I rpnt of eleo- /^WMBaJi warmth and
tricltymaybe /^aaaalBwB strength toall
1 convoyed to RStacwSrVVwEff w ho use It.
any part of l^^vyF^T!^
the body of 1 *f%i/ I i%j without drugs
the wcar<r, I fjW \ , *B and is as good
from head to ll'fl 1 !w for women
foot, thereby I) \\ \% u f °r ™en.
imparting \ (a I A Prices rea-
vlm and vigor \ fflf I i] sonable. No
to all weak \ Ti I &' "Free" or
' parts and la . V W "Half Price"
driving- away ST^J ft i »> oftera made
aches and ] 'ts9k to se " thls
pains as If T(r~ BELT. If
by m&glc. /»Z\ you want the
CTOur new "Book- *¦*•<> BEST, you
let No. 2" gives full in- must h a vo
formation: Free at of- "Dr. Pierce's."
fice or mailed to any address-tor a 2-oent
stamp. Call or address PIERCE ELEC-
TRIC CO., 1145 Broadway (abore 2Sth St.),
New York. Pacific Coast office. 620 Mar-
ket st. (opposite Palace Hotel), San Fran-
cisco.
When writing, kindly mention this paper.
>f£^OEWEY,STR0NG &C0.^ggy
•^i^^3?ij MARKET ST. Sf *+&*
Y1U. T. HESS,
KOTABT FOflLU ANJ ATT0UNi:r-AT-I,AW.
Tenth Floor, Room 1015, Claus Spreckels Bldf.
Telephone Brown 331.
Residence. 821 California st.. below Powell,
San Francisco.
Weak Men and Women
SHOULD USE DAM1ANA BITTERS. THE
great Mexican remedy; gives , health and
strength to sexual organs. Depot. 323 Market.
DIRECTORY
OF RESPONSIBLE HOUSES.
Catalogues and Price Lists Mailed
on Application.
ATTORNEY..
F. H. MERZBACH. la»ryer.
,603 California st.. Clnnle bulldlag.
COAL, COKE AND PIO IRON.
I f ttll^nV&ffl *>° Battery Street.
J-t HlLiUil a tU-. Telephone Main 1S84.
. COPPERSMITH.
CW CMITH 6hI P Plumbing. Steamboat and
• TV* Jillllll. Ship Work a specialty. II and
ir Washington st. Telephone Main 6641.
FRESH AND SALT MEATS.
I A C RHVPC X- m Shlppinr Butchers. 104
J A3- DllIC3tt Lll- Clay. Tel. Main tm.
OILS.
LUBRICATING OILS. LEONARD & ELLIS.
US Front St.. S. F. Phone Main 1719.
PAI.NTS.
Cylinder & Lubricating Oils. Schneider's Mlnlnt
Candles. C. O. CLINCH & CO.. » Front. 8. F.
PRINTING.': •'•:
P T . HIIfiHF? ¦"¦¦• PRINTER. j 7 " . . /
C» V IHJUIICJ. tn Sansome it.. B. T.
PRINTERS. BOOK BINDER5.
THE HICKS-JUDD CO.. >
¦ S3 First st.. 8an Francisco.
STATIONER AND PRINTER.
Tel c^ >0^ PARTRIDGE ?.
Wmrt iSfl'STEAMCOAUT 1^^^
DIAMOND COAL MINING CO.; at IU GREEN
RIVER COLLIERIES, ia the Beat Coal tn Iht
market* Of flea and yards-— 450 Alalu stxttt. - -
I Quality I
Purest, 1 sweetest, most I
Healthful Cqoking Material B
| made. , «
"K6-Nut"
G A Sterilized Cocoanut Fat for pj
H Shortening, Frying and H
H General Cooking. H
B* Guaranf'rd Free of Anrrpl Mitfer. H
U Fry MUSH in "KO-NUT/' |
n it is a revelation. ||
EYour Grocer or Write. |j
i Refining: Co., 1
Philadelphia. |
(gjiSrjP'^' SAME SHAP^^f^^
Wffigf' TWO QUALITIES ""^^K^
6 visit OR- JORDAN'S great 4
iMUSEUM OF ANflTOMYf
f ' 1631UA2SSTSX.t»t61ft7th, S.P.CU. 4
\ Cy^ TBe Largest Anatomical Museum in tbe \
m _*|Ji^ World. W e.kne> v» or any contiicted «
X. fl55&5<l ?"•¦«»'« P"ltl»t-lyc'«r«Klhytheolaiit i
fS' BllZ tyji H apeeisli&t cs tbc Coiu. Esl Joysars..
£ fl^ffl} OR. JOR&AS-PfilUTE 01SSASES $
\ 0^Jy*&it CoanultMlon fr:e and strictly private. \
A I X*"Sc ¦ 'r"' tci e n « personnlly pr by letter. \Q
\ ¦ flr T| ¦ i**'><*a CWetaerery case undertaken. - \
iB| lift Write for B»t.PniLOSUPiiVv>/l
IT * If : I f aiA»aiME, mailed frqs. <aF
X n II,' valuable book for mra; . \
7 JDIt JOBDANftl'O., 1051 Market St., S. F. f
JP/l INL ES S
extraction
. "iJi-'*" rtl *~ sl5 j£ GEARY STREET
Between Hyde and Larkln.
Telephone Polk 1135. \ .'-¦-¦ .
&J? FAVOmTE .
& FOR WEAgiWOMEW. j
0 B rr nn\ft I '• - Corner x Fourth and
1 flLL UllVni Market. S. F. Try
I II I* P II 1 1 1 0 1 our Special Brew
valises checked free.
THE EMPORIUM."As I understand ',, it," remarked the
stranger, as tho? procession disappeared
over the hill, "the Coroner's Jury returned
a. verdict of death from: natural causes."c
: "Yes," replied Pete; "you
eee,' v he iwas t naturally • slow -and > so v wus
slower with his gun ;thatth'.; other; fellow;
.which • made : it 5 very • easvjto • get • a ¦ quick
verdict.'-'— Colorado Springs; Gazette.';
'Miss ; Chatterby, called on me. to-day,"
remarked Miss Cayenne. "I was very
glad to see her. She seemed to , take a
great Interest in me." . .
"But isn't she just a bit of a tale
bearer?" ' " • ¦¦" ¦_ _.¦-.-.
~ "Ye». ; That's why : I ; was glad to : see
her; It flatters ; me to feel , that I am so
important as to be gossiped about."—
Philadelphia : Press.
" "Arabella doesn't look at oil ' happy."
"No; : sho married a ' man younger than
herself under " the Impression that he
would be more manageable than an older
one."— Chicago Record. • .
A CHANCE TO SMILE.
The Call's Good Work.
From the Ixxil Sentinel. ;••>-.-;:
The San Francisco Daily Call continues
In the lead of Pacific Coast Journalism.
With' solid financial backing and an ever
increasing advertising and .-subscription
patronage this. is to-be expected. Its lat
est good work was the Issuance of a mam
moth Christmas, edition.
From the Placer (Placer County) Represent
ative. ¦
George ..W. Peck, ex-Governor ; of .Wis
consin, and author of "Peck's Bad Boy,"
is back in harness. He has been engaged
on the New-York "World Btaff, and he Is
writing a series of articles, entitled
"Peck's Bad Boy Grown Up," which will
appear from time to. time In the Sunday
World and also in the San Francisco Sun
day Call. "Peck's Bad Boy" causfed more
genuine laughter than any like publication
we know. It was a panacea for the blues,
"Peck's Bad Boy Grown Up" promises to
be more : funny. Read it' in the Sunday
San Francisco Call and you will laugh
and grow fat. : "
Panacea for the Blues.
Senator A. Cazaux of the City of Mexi
co Is at the Grand. The Senator Is re
puted to be one of the wealthiest men In
Mexico. •
James S. Kiest, a Nome^mlnlng man, is
registered at the Palace^ as is Eugene
Chllberg, a Seattle hotel man.
W. H. Simson, In the employ of th»
Santa Fe Company at Chicago, Is regis
tered at the Grand. .
Dr. B. J. Bloyd of the United States
marine hospital sen-ice is stopping at the
Occidental.
George A. Arnold, a Vacavllle merchant,
is at the L.ick.
Joseph D. Biddie. a Hanford oil man,
is at the Grand.
Dr. II. N. Wlnton and wife of Hay
wards are at the Gra?id.
PERSONAL MENTION.
THE TWENTIETH CENTURY— P. M.
S., Fort Jones, California. The twentieth
century commences on the 1st day of Jan
uary, 1901. It takes one hundred years to
complete a century, nineteen hundred
years to complete nineteen centuries: so
the nineteenth cycle of one hundred years
closes • with the last day of the current
year.
A POEM- 15,860 Santa Cruz. Cal. This
correspondent asks where the poem from
which the following stanza Is taken can
be obtained: .
Bring me men to ; match my " mountains
Bring me men to match my plains*
Men with empires in their purpose.
And new eras In tfTelr brains.
Can any of the readers of this denart
ment locate the ppenv for the correipon
frwhlclfit'Vaf^fS. the P ub »<^°a
A THIEF-H.. City. If & party swears
to a warrant for, the arrest of a thief th«
party accused escapes and Is afterward
located In another place, the party who
secured the warrant has to pay the «
penses of bringing the accused back to the
place where the crime was committed if
the "party escapes through the conrd
vance or the detective who had the war
rant," the party who obtained the war"
rant would have a first-class case «^T25l
the officer,- but it would no? absol^Wm
from paying the expenses of muraln* tVS
party, if arrested, the complainant mtehi
have an . action at law against the den£
tive ;to . recover the amount expended fn
VM.mfn* the party to the place foVtria?
ASBESTOS— D., Yager, Cal. The sam
ple of California asbestos sent to this de
partment was submitted to several ex
perts and dealers, who declared that it Is
like all California asbestos, too brittle for
weaving. There may come a time when a
use can be found for such asbestos, as ex
periments are being made with It. Until
such a discovery Is made California as
bestos will not have any value in the,
market.
DATE OF ENLISTMENT— J. J., City.
The act of Congress giving authority to
enlist men for tho United States army
whose term of enlistment shall expire
June 30, 1901. was approved March 2. 1S99.
THEJSENTURY— B. W., City. During
the contr6Versy more than a year ago
about the new century, there was pub
lished in all papers a statement to the
effect that the Emperor of Germany had
declared that the 20th century commenced
with the first of January/ 1900.
Cal. Dealers in old coins do not offer
premium for United States silver dollars,
except those of -the following dates: 1794,
1795. 1796, 1797. 179S. 1799, 1800. 1801. 1302. 1803,
1804, 1836, 1S33. 1835, 1851. 1852, 1S53, 1854. 1855,
1856. 1857 and 1S58.
SILVER DOLLARS-J. D.. Truckee,
subject to attachment in payment of
Roods furnished such as are known as the
necessaries of life.
SUBJECT TO ATTACHMENT-A. C.
W. f City. One-half of a man's wages are
Hudson.
HELEN GOULD— M. I*, San Benlto,
Cal. The residence of Miss Helen" Gould
Is on Fifth avenue. New York City. She
has a country home at Irvlngton. on the
ANSWERS TO QUERIES
We can safely challenge /the world to beat ,us : on
Christmas weather. The California climate was evi
dently made for winter holidays.
If it be too late now to send California goods to
your Eastern friends for Christmas, you can send them
something for New Year's. There are always oppor
tunities for doing the proper thinz.
If it had not been for the wickedness of the Boers,
the Filipinos and the Chinese,' the good old century
could have had a happy Christmas and gone out sing
ing "Peace on earth; good will to men."
The companies controlling the various patents for
voting machines have combined, and now before we
can take a step toward the improved system of voting
we thall have to pay tribute to the trust
The advance of civilization threatens to run over
many of our, best industries; the Southern States are
boasting of their increased output of cottonseed oil,
which is frequently sold as olive oil, and along the
Mississippi they have begun canning catfish and
branding them as salmon.
The heroes who ¦volunteered on such a forlorn
hone as that are men of whom the whole nation m3y
In that connection it is worth noting that an ex
tremely interesting story is told by W. P. Bradley in
an article, on "Submarine Navigation," published in
the Popular Science Monthly for December. In giv
ing an account of a submarine boat used by the Con
federates during the war to attaclc United States war
ships off Charleston, he states that in her trial: trip
the boat sank and her entire crew was drowned; She
was raised from the bottom and another crew volun
teered to test her. Again she sank and all except
four of the crew were lost. On the, third trial she
sank again, and all hands were' drowned. Neverthe
less the boat was again fitted out and another crew
was found ready to volunteer to make an attack with
her upon the Housatonic. That crew succeeded in
blowing up 'the warship, but their boat perished," and
with her alKthe crewwere killed. y
The question of danger Mr. Holland dismisses as
a matter of such improbability it is hardly worth
while taking it into calculation. There will be acci
dents, of course, for they occur in all forms of activ
ity, but -he does not believe they will be so frequent
under water as above it. On that point he jsays:
"Twenty-one years I have been experimenting with
submarine craft. I have traveled in submerged boats
under all sorts of and with all sorts of
crews. AH my work has been experimental, the
mqst dangerous stage of any mode of travel. Yet I
have never had an accident."
In an article in the current number of the North
American Review on "The Submarine Boat and Its
Future," he avows an expectation * of seeing sub
marine boats engaged in regular passenger traffic
within ten years, and goes on to say: "For trans
atlantic travel submarine boats will never be possible
commercially. Here and there no doubt such boats
will cross, but the regular ocean carrying trade will
be always conducted on the surface. For short trips,
however, the submarine boat offers commercial ad
vantages that will render it a dangerous rival to the
surface vessel, if, indeed, it does not drive the latter
entirely out of competition in particular waters. Take,
for example, the trip across the English Channel.
No other water journey causes an equal amount of
suffering. The most hardy traveler becomes sea-r
sick. The fogs and heavy traffic are constantly caus
ing collisions. * * * The submarine boat will
effectually remove all these objections. There will
be no sea-sickness because in a submerged boat there
is absolutely no perceptible motion. * * * There
will be no collisions because the boats coming and
going will travel at different depths. The water over,
bead may be crowded with large and with small craft,
but the submarine boat will have a free and unob
structed course. Storms and fogs will have no ex
istence for the traveler, for weather cannot penetrats
below the surface of the water."
SUBMARINE NAVIGATION.
JOHN P. HOLLAND, constructor of the famous
submarine torpedo boat which bears his name,
is sanguine that the problems of submarine
navigation have been virtually mastered, and that all
remaining to be done is to develop and perfect the
mechanism of the submarine vessels now in operation.
He is of the opinion we shall soon see submarine
boats used for navigation of short waterways, and
argues that under some circumstances they will be
much more advantageous than surface vessels.
ONE of the significant signs of the times is the
appearance in the advertisements of what are
known as "resort" hdtels in the Eastern and
Southern States of the phrase, "Consumptives ex
cluded." It shows how far back the pendulum has
swung from the days not long ago when such hotels
made a special effort to attract people of weak lungs
by describing their localities as well fitted for the cure
of persons afflicted with consumption. \ /
In one of these advertisements now' before us it i?
announced that the hotel is in "the highest and dr>
est section of the long leaf pine region of North
Carolina, an. ideal place for health, rest and recrea
tion." That is exactly the sort of advertisement which
in former years would have added that the location is"
a "natural sanitarium" for consumptives, but now it
notes in big letters "Consumptives excluded."
Humanity, jn its' action and reaction invariably goes
too far in each direction. Undoubtedly considerable
evil resulted to healthful communities by the persis
tent efforts of tourist hotels to obtain the patronage of
consumptives. Germs of the disease were in that way
brought into districts whose people would otherwise
have been in no danger of that scourge. On the
other hand, the policy .of exclusion which is now
threatened is likely to result in evils fully as great.
The consumptive should not be treated like a pariah
nor shut away from' the comfortable hotels that have
been. established in the healthful sections of the coun
try. Advertising for consumptives was a folly, but
the exclusion of them would be something like an
outrage on humanity.
Should the exclusion policy be carried far, it will be
necessary for States to provide sanitariums for those
afflicted with consumption. Some, States, in fact, have
already done so. These institutions > have even in the
short time of their existence effected much good. A
recent report of one established in Massachusetts was
so encouraging in jts nature that* New York set about
following the example. »A similar movement has been
started to establish a sanitarium in this State, and it
is probable that like enterprises are under way else
where.
While these movements are good, there is the ob
jection that the campaign of education in their favor
is often conducted in an exaggerated 'way so as to
occasion something like a panic on the subject. Con
sumption is not now any more dangerous than it was
ten j'ears ago when every Southern winter resort was
advertising for consumptives. As a matter of fact it
is not so dangerous, for the world has learne'd, much
in late years concerning the disease, and care is no w\
exercised to prevent its spread. There is conse
quently less reason for exclusion now than ever before,"
and it is hardly likely the intense reaction from the
policy of former years can be maintained very long.
The one good feature of the scare manifest by
these advertisements' is that it will help along the edu
cation of the public mind in regard to the disease and
thus help to check it in e^eryipart of the Union! At
present it is one of the greatest scourges of Ameri
can life. Consumption destroys more > lives in New
England than yellow fever in : the South, and yet "un
til iyery recently little or nothing was -done to; deal
with it in a scientific way. Now there is good prom
ise that the ravage will be greatly diminished within
afewiyears, and it is to be hoped the phrase "Con
sumptives excluded" will not long . be seen [ in the ad
vertisements of any American hotel.*
CONSUMPTIVES EXCLUDED.
It will be seen the white man's burden is heavy and
that it will probably continue so for a long time.
"Pacification" appears to be as costly as war. It
seems, moreover, to be all the same whether at
tempted upon weak men or strong men. We are hav
ing almost as much trouble in toting Aguinaldo's bur
den as the British have in shouldering that of Kruger.
Out of our present troubles good, we trust, will soon
be forthcoming; but we ought tojearn now the lesson
cf what it costs to foice civilization upon even the
weakest of races that piefers freedom to any blessings
we can give in exchange.
In the Philippines our situation is hardly better.
Reports from Washington state that at a conference
en Christmas eve^ between the Secretary of War and
Quartermaster General Ludington it was decided that
no further action can be taken with regard to the re
turn of the volunteers from the Philippines until Con
gress shall make provision for their replacement. The
report goes on to say: "Acting upon representations
made by General MacArthur, the department has con
cluded that it is absolutely necessary to maintain an
army of 60.000 men in the Philippine Islands until the
current policy of establishing municipal government
throughout the archipelago has been executed. It is
stated zt the department that with any reduction of
the military strength below that figure existing condi
tions would doubtless j rove most disastrous to the in
terests of the United States."
For more than a year the British have been warring
against the "Boers. Every city or town of note in the
two republics is now in the hands of the civilizer and
under the British flag. Nevertheless not a single Brit
ish soldier can be spared from the front unless an
other is first sent to take his place. It is said there
are now more men with the British colors in South
Africa than there were at this time last year, and still
the demand is for reinforcements. Fresh troops are
to be sent not only from Great Britain but from the
colonies, and many of them arc now on the way.
There is an immense distance between the Boer and
the Filipino, and that distance is fully revealed in the
contrast between their methods of making war. The
Boers have shown strategy, tactics, skill and darinsr
and indomitable resistance. They have performed
deeds that will shine brilliantly on the pages of his
tory. It is quite possible that Dewet may rank in fu
ture along with the most renowned patriots wl/o with
few and scattered forces have withstood the armies of
the invaders of their country. None of those things
can be said of the Filipinos. They have shown neither
skill nor courage according to our standards of such
things. Aguinaldo is not the sort of man who
realizes any of our ideals of a hero. In one thing,
however, the Boer and the Filipino are alike. They
will neither of them quit fighting. They will neithc r
c{ them consent to be pacified in the interests of civili
zation.
GREAT BRITAIN stands first and our own
great republic stands- second among the na
tions that are at this time bearing the burden
of civilizing recalcitrant peoples. Each is earnestly
<eekin£ pacification and finding it not. Each declares
that war is over, but ench knows better than to with
draw- any portion of her forces from the scene of war.
THE WHITE MAN'S BURDEN.
tt tt ETTT GREEN, whose latest
=«s= I photograph is presented here
1 with, is supposed to be, the rich-
II JJL est woman in America. Yet
Mrs. Green Is not generally
looked upon as an extravagant woman.
A hall bedroom in an obscure boarding
house amply fulfills her ideas of a home.
Her meals are frugal and her gowns are
not made by Worth.
Mrs. Green's cnosen boarding houses,
says a writer in the Brooklyn Eagle, are
obscure not especially (because she is fond
of, seclusion, but rather because of her de-
Eire to escape the attentions of report
ers. If* there Js one thing on earth that
Mrs. Green detests more than a reporter
it is another reporter. They are the bane
of her life, for they insist upon printing
things about her frugality just because
she's rich. These stories are sometimes
more or less interesting, but they are not
exactly of the sort to promote the entente
cordlale between Mrs. Green and the re-,
porters. Up to the hour of going to press
no man who has attempted to write about
! the Inner life of Mrs. Hetty Green has
ever allowed himself to be hampered and
bound down. by a paucity of facts. But
here is one story about Hetty Green,
which has never been printed, which is
absolutely true.
It happened in Chicago in April, 1897.
The Cubans were struggling against great
odds to gain their freedom. A committee
of one hundred prominent Chicago women
was formed to raise funds for Cuban hos
pitals of which Mrs. P. was secretary.
;jlrs. P. took up her work -with unbounded
and energy. She heard that
Hetty Green was at the Great Northern
Hotel.- so she decided to solicit a small
contribution for suffering Cubans from
the richest woman in America. She had
heard tales about Mrs. Green's frugality,
so she fortined herself both with sound
arguments and pathetic appeals. She
meant to overwhelm Hetty with such a
torrent of eloquence that she couldn't re
sist the temptation to part with some of
her dollars. Or. if worst came to worst,
hhe would talk until Hetty would be glad
to purchase silence with a contribution.
Mrs. P. found Hetty In one of the big
business blocks she owns in Chicago, su
perintending the work of a corps of scrub
women. Mrs. P. had fixed up a most elab
orate plan of campaign. She would in
troduce herself first, of course, and as
her family is prominent, that would se
cure a respectful hearing which would be
all the more readily accorded because of
her stunning costume. Having thus car
ried the outer works of the enemy by
storm. Mrs. P. proposed to follow up her
advantage closely by a withering fire of
unabridged dictionaries which would not
give Mrs: Green a chance to say a word
except at the end, when she would faintly
gasp:
"Put me down for a thousand dollars."
It worked to perfection up to the point
where Mrs. P., after Introducing herself,
had stated her business. Then, by a bril
liant flanking movement. Mrs. Green car
ried her assailant off her feet, cut her off
from her reserves and. then poured in a
murderous torrent of small talk at short
range. Hetty began with a circumstantial
account of her war on cockroaches In the
old building of her many reverses and final
triumph ending in a massacre of every
surviving cockroach. She told the history
of the dress she wore. As it was a very
ancient dress not built originally for Mrs.
Green, the tale required much time for
the telling. Then followed with a wealth
of detail the manner in which Mrs. Green
had trimmed her hat and the marvelous
cheapness thereof. From this, by a gentle
and artistic trausition. the richest woman
entered upon a life history of her scrub
women, taking up the biography of one at
a time. This suggested a disquisition
upon the worthlessness of hired help and
the means of combating it hit upon by
Mrs. Green. Combat suggested lawyers
and lawyers called to mind numberless In
stances of the depravity and greed of the
whole caboodle. %
By this time Mrs. P. f 9 head was swim
ming and she felt faint. But, brave woman
that she was, she tried again and again to
stem the torrent of Mrs. Green's elo
quence long enough to work in a word
about the Cubans. As a last resort she
pulled out a Cuban button, which she of
fered to Mrs. Green for ten cents, tha cash
to go to the Cuban hospital fund.
The offer was spurned.
Mrs. P. fled. The footman had almost
to carry her across the sidewalk and lift
her into her carriage.
But the fresh air revived her. She or
dered the coachman to drive to the Trib
une ofnee. called for pencil and paper,
wrote an account of her two hours* inter
view with the richest woman in America,
its object and result, sold the story to the.
paper at space rates, credited the Cubans
with $5 received for the story and drove
home with the serene consciousness of
having taken the last trick.
One of the latest on Mrs. Green is told
by a business acquaintance. He met Mrs.
Green one day and noticed that she looked
very ill. Upon Inquiry he was told that
Mrs. Green was ill. She explained that
she had ordered two boiled eggs for
breakfast at a cheap restaurant that
morning, and, that not feeling hungry^
she had eaten some toast and tea and put
the eggs in her pocket for future refer
ence, as a frugal person should. Later in
the day, when ehe felt the need Of food,
she had opened the eggs. They were not
as good as some eggs sometimes are, but
they were bought and paid for, and Mrs.
Green was not the sort of woman who
could deliberately forego a chance to get
the worth of her money.
- So she ate the eggs and—
Well, you can guess the rest.
EDITORIAL
UTTERANCE
IN VARIETY
Work Together.
In the present contest for commercial
supremacy among the various nations,
that country is sure to succeed best which
maintains the most harmonious relations
between capital and labor. Both muat
work together for the common end.—
CLEVELAND LEADER.
Tobacco In War.
Experience in new climes has led to
some unexpected conclusions. Sugar
stands hlpher in the army dietary than it
did before Americans saw service in tropic
countries. Its claims as a genuine food are
admitted in quarters where they had been
strenuously denied. * rom South Africa
and from our own marches and battles in
the Antilles and Ehllippines comes the
testimony that with a pipe of tobacco the
soldier will march longer and fight harder
and more speedily forget his fatigue in
the bivouac than with any mere food.
The tobacco habit, like some other habits.
l«? in bettor odor in war than in p«>ace.—
NEW YORK MAID AND EXPRESS.
A Harbor Wanted.
The richest agricultural sections of this
continent are naturally drained into the
Ouli oT Mexico; Is It not the duty of tho
Government to provide a deep-water port
on the Gulf? From the stanpoint of the
navy the Atlantic seaboard is the first line
of defense against attack from Europe:
should all the Southern coast be left with
out a port of call? These are nuestlons
that should be shot continually at the ma
jority In Congress and kept before the
appropriate committees In both Houses.
The West should join the South In this de
mand for right and Justice. The ships of
the dav demand a harbor to suit.—FLOR
IDA TIMES-UNION.
Britons and Boers.
The British policy may be summed up
as. first, peace and submission, and then
extension of self-government as rapidly
as possible. The weak point In this con
structive. policy Js that the Boers may
refuse to accept it. They have not been
fighting for more home rule under the
British crown, but for absolute free
dom. For that vital point they are still
fighting. The success of the British
policy obviously depends on Lord Kitch
ener's ability to convince the Boers that
it is better to yield than to fiarht. The
question Is still primarily a military one.
for so far the Boers are standing fast
by the idea that they would rather be
dead than be British subjects.— CHICAGO
INTER OCEAN.
A Marvelous Campaign.
It required something more than cour
«ge to conduct a column like Dewefs Into
the best protected field cf British occupa
tion. It required good generalship and
daring on the part of the Boers, to attack
General Brabant's Cape Colony cavalry at
Zastron. It required good generalship
and alertness to concentrate a superior
Boer fcrce against General Clements. All
these things were done. General Dew?t
made his 'r? id and escaped. General De
larsy attacked, and, capturing 600 of the
British, compelled General Clem»nt3 to
retreat. Gereral Brabant made a stub
born but evidently a losing fight against
the Boer force opposed to him. At Vry
heid and Lichtenberg the Boers wcro less
fortunate. But taken as a whole their
campaign was a marvelous one. estimated
either on the operations or on the re
sults.—CHICAGO INTER OCEAN.
Don't Taunt the South.
In view of these recent lynching* in
Northern States it is no longer consistent
to taunt the South with its outrages
against justice or its contempt for the
law. It is true these outrages occur much
more frequently in the South than in the
North. There have been but seven cases
this year izr Northern States, while there
have been 101 in the Southern, most of
the victims being negroes, but, when it
is taken into account that four of the
seven Northern victims have been ne
groes, that they were in three different
States, that the negro population of the
South is vastly greater than that of the
North, and that there are proportionately
a larger number of ignorant and vicious
negroes in the South, further criticism of
its conduct is improper. Those who live
in glass houses should 1 not throw stones.—
CHICAGO TRIBUNE.
A -Day of Days.
For all the lack of visible preparation,
it is not true, however, that the century
will die an unregarded death. "Of all
sounds of all bells," says Lamb, "most
solemn and touching Is the peai which
rings out the old year." Much more is
this true when the knell of the century
is sounded: the last day of this Decem
ber fills a larger space in the unconscious
thought of men than they realize. 'With
none of the superstitious expectation of
portent or judgment wjtn which the world
approached the dawn of the tenth cen
tury and with none of the flippant "after
us-the-deluge" cynicism with which it ap
proached the dawn of tne nineteenth, it
approaches the dawn of the twentieth
century. An added jollity, an added rev
erence, a more general celebration will
set the occasion In the* procession of th»
years so that the old men of two genera
tions after our time will say. "That was a
day."— NEW TORK MAIL AND EX
PRESS.
Choice candles, Townsend's,Palae« Hotel;*
Best eyeglasses, specs, 20c to B0a Look
out for 81 4th, front barber and grocery. •
Townsend's California srlaco fruits. 50c a
pound. In flre-etched boxes or Jaix bas
kets. A nice present for Eastern friends.
639 Market "street. Palace Hotel building.'
Special information, supplied daily to
business bouses and public men by ths
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's). 510 Mont
gomery st Telephone Main 1043. •
The town of Gloucester. Mass.. showed
the smallest rate of Increase of popula
tion of any town of any Importance In
the State. The fishing and whaling busi
ness Is no longer of Importance there.
The California
On the Santa Fe starts for Chicago Tuesday
morning. January 1st, at nlna o'clock, and
will leave dally thereafter at same hour. It
will b« a duplicate of the Limited of last sea*
son. except that entirely new equipment has
been provided. The Pullman Sleepers each
contain ten sections and two drawing rooms.
The Observation Car. with Its wide plate glass
windows, affords unobstructed Tiew» of thn
surrounding country. All meals en route ara
served in new Dining Cars, under the man
agement of Mr. Fred Harvey. This sumptuous
train runs from Ban Francisco to Chicago la
73 hours. Get a handsome Folder. - describing
it fully, at Santa. Fe Of flee. .641 Market street.
A. OAT SEASON Is promised at Hotel del
Coronado, Coronado, Cal.. this winter with a
jolly houseful, an expert «olf tournament,- meet-
Ins. of field trials club, hunting, fishing, boat-
Ing", dancing, ate. •
Gulllet's ice cream, mocha, c&melfa, ptstacaa.
chocolate calces. 90S Larkin. phona Saat 133. *
Properly qualified teachers of whist are
In such demand In New York that 'those
known to be competent have more appli
cants as scholars than they can possibly
attend to.
MRS. HETTY GREEK, THE RICHEST WOMAN' IX AMERICA^. CONCERN
ING WHOM THE PRESS OF THE COUNTRY HAS PUBLISHED MANY
STORIES.
The man who has remembered the poor with help
fulness and not with a vain sympathy is the man who
will have the best of the Christmas joys, and if any
have forgotten that truth it is well to remind him it
is"not too late yet to act upon it.
It has been claimed that the House of Representa
tives is already too large, but the claim is not well
founded. In comparison with other representative
bodies it is, in fact, small. The British House of
Commons contains-6/O members, the French Chamber
of Deputies 584, and the German Reichstag 397.
Neither of those countries has anything like so large
a population as the United States, nor has either of
them so much territory, or such diversities of interest
to be represented. It would appear, therefore, that an
increase in the House is not in itself objectionable.
The Hopkins bill is too conservative. California
should have another Representative, and our Con
gressmen should unite with those who favor a larger
House.
The opposition to the bill comes not only from
States that would lose members by it! adoption, but
aJso from States that have expected a gain in the
number of Representatives. A minority bill proposes
to increase the membership of the House to 387, or
one for every 192,676 of population. Under that rule
Nebraska would be the only State that would lose a
Representative. There would be a gain of four in New
York, three each in Illinois, Pennsylvania and Texas;
two in Minnesota and New Jersey, and of one in
Arkansas, California, Colorado, Connecticut, Florida,
Louisiana, Massachusetts, , Mississippi, Missouri,
North Carolina, North Dakota, Washington, West
Virginia and Wisconsin.
Under that bill it will be seen that New York, New
Jersey, Louisiana, Illinois, Minnesota and West Vir
ginia would each gain one member, and Texas wpuld
gain two. Ohio, Kansas, Indiana, Kentucky, Maine,
Nebraska, South Carolina and Virginia would each
lose one member. California's delegation would re
main unchanged.
Pres. Pro
ent. posed.
Alabama 9 9
Arkansas 6 6
California 7 ¦ 7
Colorado 2 2
Connecticut ..... 4 4
Delaware 1 1
Florida ,2 : 2
'Georgia 11 11
Idaho l l
Illinois 22 23
Indiana 13 12
Iowa 11 11
Kansas 7 7
Kentucky 11 10
Louisiana 6 7
Maine 4 3
Maryland 6 6
Massachusetts'.. 13 13
Michigan 12 12
Minnesota. 7 S
Mississippi .7 -7
Missouri i5 15
Montana ....TT.. 1 1
Nebraska 6 5
Pres. Pro
ent. - posed.,
Nevada 1 1
New 'Hampshire 2 2'
New Jersey 8 9
New York. 34 Co
North«CaroHna.. 9 9
North Dakota... 1 1
Ohio .. 21 2)
Oregron 2 • 2
Pennsylvania ... 30 . 20
Rhode Island 2 ' r 2
South Carolina.. 7 • if
South Dakota... 2 '.' 2
Tennessee 10 10
Texas 13 15
Utah • 1 1
Vermont 2 2
VirglWa ..10 9
Washington 2 2
West Virginia... 4 5
Wisconsin 10 10
Wyoming 1 1
Totals .......857 S57
It will be seen that in this, as in other trades, ex
perience teaches. The British alone among civilized
nations have had practice in the gentle art of spoil
ing the enemy during the life of this generation. Their
veterans are old hands at the trade. They managed to
obtain more than the soldiers of other nations, and
doubtless they also exerted the least amount of bru
tality and force in extorting it from the conquered,
for systematic looting is better than irregular looting.
It is a species of economy and obtains the biggest re
sults at the least cost. • ;
In this connection it is worth noting that an eye
witness of the looting done by the soldiery of the
various armies in China gives precedence in the busi
ness to the British. 'I his witness, Robert M. Collins,
v.-ho, as a correspondent of the Associated Press, en
tered both Tientsin and Peking with the allies, says:
"Who were the worst looters? Well, the British wer e
the most successful, because they were most system
atic. They went about it as a'regular piece of busi
ness; sent out men with carts and wagons under com
mand of officers. Their experience in India had
made them connoisseurs in things oriental, and they
selected only the best of the silks and embroideries,
the rarest of the jade and the finest of the jewels, and
left the rest for the less expert looters. The Japan
ese did the least looting, and the Americans were next
to the Japs in this respect." /
The looting done by private soldiers and officers off
duty is of course a different matter. Wherever there
is war there will be looting. To the victors belong
the spoils. The. maxim does not mean so much now
as it did in the days of old Rome, but even yet it
means much. Men who fight have an irrepressible
desire to spoil the enemy and obtain trophies, booty
and plunder. For the private trooper such things are
a part of the stakes of the game, and while pillaging in
our time has been narrowed far below what was tol
erated and even encouraged by the commanders of
armies in times x past, it is still something which even
the most enlightened nations have to wink at when
they go to war.
The allied armies marched to Peking as the avowed
supporters of civilization. It was repeatedly declared
on official authority of all the Governments that their
armies were not making war on China, but were
going toPeking to assist the Chinese Government in
suppressing an insurrection of Boxers. Under, such
circumstances and in the face of such declarations they
had no right to take loot. The utmost they have a
right to demand is indemnity for injury done by the
Boxers and repayment of the cost of the military and
raval "assistance" given to the Chinese Government
without invitation.
CZJRANCE, through her Government" has an-
I nounced that she will not accept any share in the
loot obtained by the armies of civilization in
Peking and other cities of. China. Other Govern
ments, it is to be hoped, will follow the example. As a
matter of fact' there' should have been no looting by
any responsible authority, and so /far as the pillaging
of the soldiery could be prevented, that also should
have been stopped.
THE LOOT OJv CHIN0.
WEDNESDAY....- DECEMBER 26, 1900
_ - >
JOHN D. SFRECKELS. Proprietor.
Ittitu All CecjsntkitioBi U W. 8. LEAKE. Kmiger. .
M**A< : »'K'*' OFFICE Telephone PreMa)4
pl'BLIC'ATlOX OFFICE Market and Tlilrd. 8. F.
Telephone Press 201.
EDITOHXA1. ROOMS 217 to 221 Stevenson St.
Telephone Press 2O2.
Dellrered by Carriers, IS Cents Per Weelc
Mnclf Copies, ft Cents.
Terms by Mali, Including; Postage!
DATLT CALT. (Including: Sunday), one year $8.00
DAIL.T CAU< (Including- Sunday). « months a. 00
DAILY CALL (Including Sunday), I months 1.60
PAILT CALL— By Etng:l« Month.'. «5c
6VNTJAT CALL. One 1'ear ,.-.. 1.60
WEEKLY CALL* On* Tear 1.00
All postmasters are authorised to receive
subscriptions.
E&mpl« copies will be forwarded when requested. .
M»ll f*abr<-rlber» In ordering change of address should tw
r*nl<T3lw to Klve both NEW AND OLD ADDRESS In order
to insure a prompt and correct compliance with their request.
OAKLAND OFFICE 1118 Broadway
C. GEORGE KROGXES9.
Etsartr Foreign £<nrt!iisf, Kirjnetts Beilding , CUwgo,
(Lorp Distance Telephone "Central ISIS.")
NirW TORK CORRESPOKDENT:
O C C.tni.TOJ Herald Square j
NETW TORK REPRESENTATIVE:
fcTEPHEJt B. SMITH 3U Tribune Building
NEW TORK NEWS STANDS:
Waldcrf-Aitoria Hotel; A- Brentano, a Union Square;
Murray Hill Hotel.
CHICAGO NEWS STAN&S:
Sherman Hovw: P. O. News Co.; Great Northern Hotel;
Fretocct Houae; Auditorium Hotel.
tVASHiXGTOX (D. C.) OFFICE. . . . 14OO O S<^ Jf. W.
MORTON i:. CIUMI, Correspondent.
BR.»\CH OFFICES—^2T Montsotnery, corner of Clay, open
catil »:S9 o'clock. S00 Hayes, open, until 9:33 o'clock. €33
McAllister, open until 8:30 o'clock. 'C15 Larkin. open until
9:30 o'clock. 1941 Mission, open until 10 o'clock. 2261 Market.
corner Sixteenth, open until 9 o'clock. 1098 Valencia, open
until 9 o'clock. 106 Eleventh, open until 9 o'clock. NW, cor
ner Twenty-second and Kentucky, open until 9 o'clock.
The Hopkins bill reported by the majority fixes
the number of Representatives at 357, the same as in
the present House. That would be at a ratio under
the new census of one for every 208.868 of population.
The changes effected by the bill are shown in the fol
lowing table, giving the present and proposed num
ber of members from each State:
CONGRESSIONAL APPORTION MENT.
WHILE there is little probability of any/ex
tended debate in the House at this session upon
the question of restricting the representation in
Congress of 'the Southern States in proportion to the
exclusion of the negroes of those States from the
right of suffrage, it is likely there will be a good deal
of opposition to the Hopkins bill on the ground that
it decreases the number of Representatives from sev*
eral States because they have not advanced in popu
lation as rapidly as the rest of the country.
be proud. When Mr. Holland's hopes are realized
and the submarine boat becomes a safe and pleas
ant means of traveling, it will be time to write, the
history of; the invention;; and in that history the
names of the gallant men who died in making the
tests for the Confederate boat will deserve an appre
ciative commemoration for their valor. . " / 5
THE SAN FRAjSTGJ'SCO GALL; WEDNESDAY, DECEMBER 26, 1900;
TWO NEW TRUE STORIES
ABOUT MRS. HETTY GREEN
6
Yet
ADVERTISEMENTS.
FAT BABY
Fat is the cushion that na-
ture fills out and surrounds the
little ones with, to protect their
tender parts — the same with
kittens and puppies— fat is not
tender. Fat they must have;
and fat they must be.
If your baby is "anyway short
of his rights, give him Scott's
emulsion of cod-liver oil. *
We'll send you a Uttls to try If yoo like. .
SCOTT & BUWN'E, 409 Pearl »«.»eet, New York.
AMUSEMENTS.
Alcazar— "Naushty Anthony."
Columbia— Primrose and Dockstader Minstrels.
Tl voli— # "Cl ai erella. "
Central Theatei — 'The Heart of Maryland.'"
Oalirorni*— "At the White Horse Tavern."
Orrheura— Vaudeville.
Grand Opera-houFr— "An Officer of the Second."
Olympia. corner Ma*on and Eddy streets — Specialties.
Chutee. Zoo and Theater — Vaudeville every afternoc% and
ever.mc.
FisohT'c— Vaudeville. \
By. YCm. G. 1-a.yoK — Saturday. December 29. at 12 o'clock.
Racehorses, at Tanforan liacetrack.
AUCTION SALES.An alarm was turned In shortly after
midnight for a Christmas fire. The blaze
originated In the second story of a tene
ment at the back of the Washlnsten
ptreet Theater." The flre was soon < under
control, little or no damage being done.
Blaze in Chinatown.
Th«* most beautiful ladles' shoes ever
made will be sold to-morrow for $1 85 a
rafr. Only a few words about this, shoe.
Made of vlcl-kid, hand turned," stylish,
coin toe. worth $3 50; -sold for $1 85 at the
shoe trust sale of the Bee Hive Shoe Com
pany, 717 Market street, near Third. •
Have a Look at Them.
The bolo or Filipino knife is almost
like the American corn knile, only it has
a plight curve In It and is pointed.
The formal laying of the first stone of
the Quebec bridge on Tuesday by Sir Wil
frid Laurier marks the definite commence
ment of a great undertaking, which has
been talked about for a generation. The
bridge will cross the St. LawTence four
miles above the city of Quebec. It will
cost several million dollars, and heavy
subsidies have been granted both by the
dominion and provincial governments to
aid In its construction. The remarkable
bridge over the Firth of Forth has a can
tilever span of 1710 feet, but the span of
the new Quebec bridge will be ninety feet
more than this, or lsOO feet. This will be
the longest span in the world. The total
length of the structure will be 3600 feet, or
a little more than two-thirds of a mile.
The center span of 1800 feet will be 150 feet
above high water. The bridge will have
double railway tracks, electric car tracks,
roadways and footwalk* for pedestrians.
The railway tracks will be used by the
Grand Trunk, the Intercolonial, the Great
Northern and the Canadian Pacific Rail
ways.—New York Tribune.
A Great Bridge.
Apropos of the Washington centennial
celebration, it Is not generally known that
Trenton. In New Jersey, besides being the
temporary national capital for some time,
¦was the site selected for the permanent
national reservation and capital. The se
lection of the sits precipitated, the first
sectional fight this country ever experi
enced, and it divided the patriots^ Con
press so widely thet it looked for some
months as If the newly made union of
State., would fall apart and that there
would be antagonistic republics on each
tide of the Mason and Dixon line. Wash
ington feared secession, and eo declared.
¦jne first legislative bargain cf Congress
•v&a fcrced through, and because of It
Trentca lost the national capital. The
lar.d speculators and traders that sprang
up went into bankruptcy, and all that is
left as a reminder of tiiem is "Federal
Cltv," a email settlement near Trenton,
'which consists of a blacksmith shop and
'lour houses, bearing ihe name that the
'land boomers gavt It when Congressional
commissions were casting about for the
fite of the national reservation under the
act of Congress. This Ftory of bow New
Jersev missed having the late celebration
li a craptcr of btate and national history'.
1» reveals the existence of the underlying
fctrata of discord that so long xllsturbed th©
. American Government and eoctv<y.
After the Revolutionary war began Con
cress and the United States Government
were living a gypsy existence, wandering
irom place to place, to keep out of the
way of the pursuing "redcoats." They
lound some security In New Jersey be
cause it was between New York and Phil
adelphia, and considerable of the time was
epent in Trenton. There were a few small
-taverns there, but the citizens wtre hos
pitable and placed their beds at the dis
posal of ' the members of the homeless
Government. The Blazing Star was the
•Hg hotel cf the little city, and here Con
gress did itfe business. It has not eur
vived as a reminder of those early days.
The Mechanics' National Bank stands on
the eite. The people began to clamor for
Osngrt-ss to settle somewhere and estab
.lish a permanent business btisis. In June.
" I7K3, Congress announced that It would
open bids for a location, and would settle
down in the State that would offer the
best advantages. Trenton bonifaces ,and
tradesmen were convinced that a national
capital was a eood thing, and the whole
• town became a hustling Board of Trade.
Tf idea pleased the New Jersey Legis
lature, and before the other States were
ialrly awake It declared by resolution that
the State would cede a reservation twenty
miles square to the National Government
* and contribute a subsidy of $£1,000 in spe
cie, which was a large sum of money, con
sidering the eize of the treasury. TSQ
Southern Congressmen claimed the capi
tal by right, and declared It should not go
above the Mason and Dixon line. At that
time there were 700.000 slaves In the small
§ domain then known as the United States.
The population was 3,500,000. The Puritan
rplrlt that prevailed in the New England
. State* caused come severe strictures to be
. made on the Southern slave owners, which
the Southerners resented. The Delaware
River became the dividing line. The New
England States. New York and New Jer
sey Joined together and stood by New
•'Jersey In the claim for the national capi
tal. Pennsylvania was divided, the lower
• part standing bv th<» Southern Ejtates.
In October, 17S3, Mr. Gerry of Massa
chusetts, remembered principally for the
- ferrvmander. moved In Congress that the
buildings for the use of Congress be erect
ed on the banks of the Delaware River,
near Trenton, or on the Potomac, near
G'^orgetown. «This was done to force the
Issue, but the Georgetown clause was
etrleken otitr and the Mil was amended
po a? to read, "near the Falls of Trenton."
on either side of the river. This Mas to
let Robert Morris,' the great financier,
into the echeme. He it was who founded
Morrifcvtlle, which Is opposite Trenton. On
the next day the Southern members in
' troduod a motion to reconsider, "in or
d*r to fix some other place that shall be
more central and more favorablo to the
Union, and shall approach nearer to the
justice which Is due to the Southern
Ftat«?s." This aroused the united action
of the New England States, and the mo
.tioh v.88 lost. Ft was then certain in the i
mind* of everybody connected with Con
gress that Trenton was to be the seat of
government. Madison wrote about this
time to Randolph: "Trenton was next
A 5r?SPT^ on which Question they were
\rlnuf* P? lh * River Delaware. The vi
™ tJ ° f »t* falls, is to become the future
rn?iv«.i e *"«lemi Government unless a
can vl f? of Bom « °t the Eastern States
can tt effcrted."
E vfl2? £f mp a lor.g season of controversy.
uabl? ?l^ around Trenton became val
on fl-Trh?^ t^ulaxors secured options
e^THM*Z< humn « lots - Here -is a
J*w£ c^r, tL -? mont f ron » the old "New
K. G .1" e ,1, "Joseph HIgbee offers
xor _a.e a -valuable tract of land, contaln-
The feeling against Trenton roast pork
and tame, fowl showed itsWf later, when
President Adams stated that he did not
care to temporarily move himself and offi
cers to Trenton, because the accommoda
tions were so meager "and the keep bad "
New Jersey strengthened her position
and in November, 1784, Congress met at
Trenton, and ?l(X>.000 was voted for the
erection of suitable buildings and an or
dinance passed provided that a district
should be laid cut on the Delaware River
near the lower fall for a Federal house
of Congress and for the executive officers
and houses for the President and the Sec
retaries of Foreign Affairs, War and Ma
rine and the Treasury. This ordinance es
tablished In Trenton what since has de
veloped at Washington. The South fought
hard to defeat It. Three commissioners
were appointed to proceed under the act
and start the capital. The Southern
States were not recognized in the commls-
Fion. It consisted of Philip Schuyler of
New York. Philemon Dickinson of Tren
ton and Robert Morris, who lived opposite
Trenton. This commission began busi
ness at once. Washington was impelled to
take sides with the South, and, In an open
letter to Richard Henry Lee, then the
president of Congress, declared that the
Trenton location was not a good one. In
part of this letter he cald: "It will be
found that they are very improperly
placed for the Beat of the empire, and will
have to undergo a second erection in a
more convenient one." Washington'6 let
ter had the effect of withholding the first
appropriation of $30,000, which the com
missioners asked for. Mr. Grayson of
Virginia had the resolution recommitted
When It came up again Mr. Gerry moved
that the whole J100.000 be substituted, but
the amount was stricken out. Another
bone of contention between the North and
the South was the funding bill of Mr.
Hamilton. Secretary of the Treasury.
There was a clash over the clause as
suming the State debts. The debta of the
States Incurred for the general defense
during the Revolution were $25,000,000 The
Eastern States favored the Government
assuming all these debts and to include
them in the funding of the national debt.
Because the New England States wanted
this passed the Southern members stood
firmly out against paying the debt* of the
States They held that It was unconstitu
tional. On the funding bill issues Presi
dent Washington was perpetually dis
tressed, and one day he took Thomas Jef
ferson Into his confidence and said there
was "danger of secession of their mem
bers and of the separation of the States."
Jefferson and Ikimilton were authorized
to get out and make the best bargain they
could before the trouble took deeper root.
Hamilton did missionary work among the
Eastern members and Robert Morris took
the Middle States members.
When the bill came up for the appropri
ation* of $100,000 for the beginning of the
building? at Trenton it was found that a
compromise had been reached. Massachu
setts and New Jersey stood together for
the appropriation; the others favored It
being stricken out, and It was, and that
ended th« contest for the location of the
capital at Trenton. v
It was about this time that the land
for the little burlesque "Federal City"
outside of Trenton was surveyed and
placed on the market. There Is no record
of how many lots were sold. Trenton
was caricatured by the Southern Con
gressmen and praised by the New Eng
landers. The Southern members said the
meals were bad — that nobody knew how
to cook terrapin, prepare a canvasback
duck nor keep wine at the proper temper
ature. The argument about the viands
and victuals had its force. The official
table before Washington became Presi
dent was free and easy and continuous.
He established the weekly official dinners,
and the spirit of the time is reflected in
this quoted comment from a memoir:
"The President said gTace, and then we
dined on boiled leg of mutton, with a few
vegetables. After a simple dessert, one
glass of wine was offered each guest, and
when It had been drunk the President
arose and led the way to the drawing
room."
Ing- ZOO acres, situated within three miles
of Trenton, in Burlington County, within
a mile of Lamberton, where it Is expected
the Federal town will be built."
TRENTON'S GREAT
DREAM OF GLORY
Dr. H. Vandre was summoned immedi
ately after the unfortunate woman was
found dead. When he saw that death had
ensued he notified the deputies at the Cor
oner's office, by whom the body was re
moved to the Morgue.
Mrs. Bowers was 32 years old and a na
tive of Scotland. She was the mother of
three children, the eldest being the daugh
ter mentioned above.
Earlier in the day Mrs. Bowers had said
to her daughter, "This is the last Christ
mas you will ever see me alive." At the
time the girl thought her mother was only
looking ahead to her probable death with
in the year, and it did not occur to her
that theVords were a threat of suicide.
mood. Finally the husband urged her to
go upstairs to her bedroom ftnd He down
to rest for a time. An hour later, at 3:30
o'clock, phe vas found dead.
SICK and despondent, her misery
Intensified by contrast with the
Christmas cheer evident every
where about her, Mrs. Augusta
Bowers of 173 Sadowa street.
Ocean View, swallowed carbolic add yes
terday afternoon an<i at S:30 o'clock was
Tound by her daughter Sarah, aged 12
years. She had been dead for some time
when the child discovered her In bed. the
bottle of acid beside her.
Mrs. Bowers had been helping prepare
the Christmas dinner, but her 111 health
was such that her husband, Julius Bow
ers, a phipjolner. and the daughter Sarah
were both assisting her, and as they
¦worked about the kitchen were endeavor
ing to draw her out of her despondent
But the condescending remark, "Sign
your first name," was too good to keep,
and the Duke told the story, whereupon
his friends declared the Joke to be on
himself and not on- the postmistress.—
Philadelphia Post.
The Duke amended his signature to
"The Duke of Norfolk," and quietly
handed it in. The young woman grew
pale as she read It, and paler still when
the Duke, writing another dispatch,
passed it to her, politely saying, "This
goes free as official matter." It was ad^
dressed to the young woman's chief, and
read thus: "Have Miss Blank of Blank
station removed at once for inattention
to duty." Tears an9 supplications fol
lowed, and the Duke finally consented to
withhold the second dispatch, but with
a warning.
"Sign your first name. We don't take
dispatches signed with the last name
only."
No notice was taken of him, and the
postmistress continued to talk glibly to
her admirer. " A second and a third time
the Duke tried to secure her attention
and finally Succeeded. She read the dis
patch negligently, and then, flipping it
back said airily:
With some difficulty the Duke found a
telegraph blank and pen and ink, with
out any assistance from the young
woman, and he wrote a dispatch which
he signed "Norfolk."
He then said quietly; "Will you kindly
send this at once?"
He looks like a prosperous farmer, has
a beard that gets trimmed when he hap
pens to think eff It, and his clothes have
the appearance of having been bought at
a second nand shop.
He made one of the best Postmasters
General England has ever had. He was
always on the alert to see that his sub
ordinates did their duty.
One day a year or two ago he went into
a small postofilce and telegraph station,
which was in charge of a smartly dressed
young postmistress, who was busy talk
ini» with a young man who lounged lan
guidly on the desk.
The present Duke of Norfolk is so pub
lic spirited that, in spite of his enor
mous wealth and his dignities, he held
the harassing and laborious place of
Postmaster General in Lord Salisbury's
Cabinet until the South African war. The
Duke, though he Is the premier duke and
earl of England, and neredltary grand
marshal, with a string of titles a yard
long,. Is plain and unassuming in appear
ance and manner.
Name of a Duke.
A SURPRISED OPERATOR.
She Insisted on Getting the Full
MRS. AUGUSTA BOWERS. WHOSE DESPOXDEXCT, DUB TO ILL
HEALTH AXD EXAGGERATED BT CONTRAST WITH THE -GOOD
CHEER OF THE SEASON. LED HER TO SUICIDE*
The Challenge Is Out.
Wednesday, January the 2d, the great
challenge will take place in this city. •
Joaquin Beralla, a Mexican woman, who
keeps a lodging-house at 428 Pacific street,
fired four shots yesterday afternoon at
| John Baxter, a blacksmith, whose place of
business adjoins hers; but, owing to her
unsteady aim, no blood was spilled. When
Officer Skaln, who was a short distance
from the scene of the shooting, reached
the house the woman was standing at her
window with, a smoking revolver In her
hand. *
Baxter, who was on the roof of hla shop,
told the officer that the woman had tried
to kill him. and asked that she be placed
under arrest. She offered no resistance,
and In explanation of her attempt ti»com
mlt murder said that the trouble between
her and her neighbor was a feud of long
standing. Baxter, she declared, would,
whenever, under the influence of liquor,
torment and annoy her, and was ever
ready to provoke a quarrel. For a long
while they have had mix-ups, and their
troubles have been aired several .times In
the police courts. Two weeks ago the po
lice were called upon to settle their differ
ences, and arrests followed at that time.
Yesterday afternoon, so the woman
I says, Baxter made repeated efforts to en
ter the rooms of her house, but was pre
vented. Later, she alleges, when she was
in her room In company with a girl who
lives In the house, Baxter made another
attempt to gain admission. The girl was
dressing at the time, and as Baxter tried
to force the window of the room the Ber
alla woman shot him.
Officer Skain took the woman to the
City Prison, where a charge of assault to
commit murder was registered against
her.
At 11 o'clock last night she was released
on a bond of $500.
Keeper of a Barbary Coast Lodging
, House Is' Cnarg^d "With As
sault to Commit
• Murder.
Joaquina Beralla Fires Four
Shots at John Baxter,
Her Neighbor.
TRIES TO SHOOT
II BLACKSMITH
Good Cheer of the Season Deepens by Con
trast Despondency Due ,to 111 Health
Daughter Finds Her Mother Dead in Bed'
MRS. AUGUSTA BOWERS ENDS
HER LIFE ON CHRISTMAS
THE_SAN_FRANCISCO CALL; WEDNESDAY, DECEMBER 26, 1900.
7
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
STATEMENT
— OF THE —
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
• ' 'i "
— — OF THEy *
New York Plate Glass
INSURANCE COMPANY
OF NEW YORK. IN THE STATE OF NEW
York, on the Slst day of December, A. D.
1$99, and for the year ending on that day. as
made to the Insurance Commissioner of the
Hlate of California, pursuant to the provisions
cf Sections 61Q and 611 of the Political Cod*.
condensed as per blank furnished by the Com-
missioner:
CAPITAL.
Amount of Capital Stock, paid up in
Cash $100,000 00
ASSETS.
Loans on Bonds and Mortgagjs... 2,500 00
Cash Market Value of all Stocks and
Bonds owned by. Company .-S44.C0O CO
Cash in Company's Offlce i,i85 93
Cash in Banks 8.S7S IS
Premiums In due Course of Collection. 27,734 S3
Plate Glass on hand 5,154 it
Total Assets ..$390. 163 44
=-=— -
LIABILITIES. .
Lories In process of Adjustm-nt or In
Suspense I4.01J 73
Gross premiums on Risks running one
year or less. $ ; reinsurance
B0 per cent .....:.... IU.154 57
Cash dividends remaining unpaid 6,000 00
Due and accrued for salaries, rent,
etc 482 M
Return premiums 1,552 75
Total Liabilities $122,912 31
INCOStE.
Net cash actually received for pre-
mlums ......... . .:..;.:. ....7 IH7.SS9 22
Received for interest and dividends on
Bonds, Stocks, Loans and from all ., ~:
other sources... 13.SS3 2*
Received for profit on sale of securl-
•yes J.076 25
Total Income... ...'.. $235. 9 is 75
. EXPENDITURES.
Net amount paid for Losses..... J108.SS7 64
Dividends to Stockholders 10,000 00
Paid or allowed for Commission - or
' Brokerage 69,196 33
Paid for Salaries,- Fees and other
charges for officers, clerks, etc 24,433 33
Paid for State,' National and Local
Taxt>s :.. 6.541 »S
All other payments and expenditures.. 21,021 38
Total Expenditures.... '. $JU.C2O 60
MAX DANZIGER, President.""
MAJ. A. WHITE. Secretary.
Subscribed and sworn ' to before me this 31st
day of January. 1900. .
F. FISHBECK, Notary Public.
J. D. MAX WBLlTcO. General Agent
T. E. JANES, A sat. General Agent,
421 California St« San Francisco
\ - . ¦. - ",; . . . ¦ ¦ ¦¦_ . .-...-.
: Dn 1 nn/) These hotels i>os-
i aiatC scss t ii e attributes '
m that tourists and
3.HCI travelers appreciate
—central location.
H-rantl liberal manaKe-
UiailU ment. modern ao •
TT •]-: 1 pointments a n d
Hotels
5 an Francisco ropean ipjans. V- • •
DR. CROSSMAN'S
SPECIFIC MIXTURE
For the* Cure ; of . Gonorrhoea, Gleets,
Strictures end analogous complaints
of tho Orfims of Generation.'
Price . a i. bottle.' For sale ., by drug cista. .
ADVERTISEMENTS.
*T1¥OLI*
EXTRA NE-vT YEARS MATHfEE and SAT-
URDAY at 2 p. m. SHARP. EVENINGS AT t.
CINDERELLA!
By FERRIS HARTMAN.
LOADED FULL 07 UP-TO-DATE HUMOR.
MUSIC AND SPECIALTIES.
DON'T FAIL TO TAKE THE LITTLE ONES.
Bea Oscar L. F«st*a Fine TRANSFORMATION.
The Flowery Kingdom.
POPULAR PRICES K and SO ceata.
Telephone— Busb ». ; ¦ • ¦ -¦¦-- - t
BEL A SCO AND TH ALL'S
CENTRAr
V-THEATER-ii
Market st., sear Sth. Opposite City Hall.
Every Ev*r. Matinees Saturday and Sunday.
THD GREATEST SUCCESS IN YEAR3.
David Belasco's Famous Military Romance.
the HEART OF MARYLAND
THE BEST OF ALL BIO PLAYS!
Magnificent and Reallstla' Scenery, Exdtlag
Climaxes, arousing the greatest
enthusiasm.
PETfFS EVks— 10c. 13c. 23c. S3c. SOc.
rAlWE3 Matinees— 10c. 15c. 15c. No higher.
Seats on Sale at Box Offlce of Theater.
HAVE YOU SEEN
AT THE WHITE HORSE TAVERN
IF NOT. WHY NOTT
Presented, with permission of Daniel and
Charles Frohman. by KINO & NORCROS3,
And headed by the Comediajis.
MINERVA DORR and FRANK M. NORCROSS
USUAL POPULAR PRICES— n. 73c. SOc. TBe.
NEJCT 8UNDAY NIGHT-SPECIAL EXTRA-
ORDINARY ENGAGEMENT OF
EDUARD STRAUSS and His Vienna Orchestra.
FAREWELL AMERICAN TOUR.
Special Prices, to prevail during this «nffa*e-
ment only: Orchestra $3. last seven rows 11.50;
Balcony first four rows $1.^0, balance Balcony
H: Gallery (reserved) 73c. Gallery (unreserved)
SOc: Bex and I»s» Seats $2.50. Sale of seat*
commerces TO-DAY. Chance of Programme
Nightly.
MQROSCO'S
GRAND OPERA MOUSE
CROWDED ALL THE TIME!
MATINEES SATURDAY AND SUNDAY.
Brilliant Triumph of the
OLIVER-LESLIE COMPANY
ALL THIS WEEK
The Famous English Military Dram*.
AN OFFICER OF
THE SECOND.
' Flatteringly Indorsed by Press and Publl*.
I / Evening Price*— 10c, 15c. 5KJc and 5O%
A few froRt rows in orchestra. 7.1c.
Matlcee Prices— tOc. 15«», JMe and SOe, cut
higher. Branch Ticket Office— Emporium.
CHUTES ANDJ100 *£?/£££*
BIG HOLIDAY BILL I
CHRISTMAS TREE.
I Presents for AH_ the Children!
TO-MORROW NIGHT — THE AMATEURS
AND A BLACK BALLET.
Telephone for Seats ......Park 23
MATINEE TO-DAY, Wed, Dec. 26.
Parquet, 25c. any seat: balcony. 10c; children.
10c, any part except reserved.
THE ZENITH OF ELEGANT
VAUDEVILLE. ~;Y
THE ORPHEUM ROAD SHOW!
Direction Martin Beck.
BEVERUS SCHAFFER. WILL M. CRESSY
AND BLANCHE DAYNE. JOHNSON. DAV-
KNPORT AND LORELLO. LOUISE DREPS-
ER, JACK NORWORTH. BERTIE FOW-
LER. THE COMIOGRAPH.
. ' Retained by Special Request.
TRULY SHATTUCK and CHRISTINA'S DOG,
CAT AND MONKEY CIRCUS.
iPfiB IIIUIE3IA SA1 FRANCISCO'S
ALL THIS WEEK. INCLUDING SUNDAY.
MATINEE SATURDAY
At SPECIALLY REDUCED PRICES
THE LEADERS
PRIMROSE and
DOCKSTADER
MINSTRELS.
Next "Week— 7 Nljrhts. 2 Matinees.
THE BELLE OF NEW YORK
EVERY NIGHT AT 8:15.
MATINEES SATURDAY AND SUNDAY.
David Belasco's London and New York Success,
Naughty Anthony
PRICES— 15c, 25c, 85c,.50c.
EXTRA MATINEE NEW YEAR'S DAY.
Air EHinghouse. ........Prop, and Manager
Phono South 770
ALL FOR FUN AND FUN FOR ALL,
TO-NIGHT— .
Geo. H. Broadhurst's Funny Farce,'
\A/HV r
SMITH BY A *
o;ui 1 ri clever
LEFT company of
*-^*-'~ ¦ COMEDIANS.
HO/WE. .
A TRULY- FUNNY COMEDY.
MATINEE SATURDAY.
Evening... ..15<-. r»e, 35e. 50o and "Js.
Matinee ...13c, 25c,; 35c and 60c.
Next Sunday Afternoon. -Jacob Litt's Kvprlast-
Ins Big Show. "PHENANDOAH."
FISCHER'S CON ;^ R j;_ H °^ S£ -
COQILL - AND COOPER' S COMEDIAN S IN
j "MY UNCLE FROM JAPAN."
And "A FAIRY GODMOTHER.'" by Arnold
, - and Ethel Grazer and Blanche Trelease.
Reserved Seats. 2Jc.— Matinee - Christmas!
STATEMENT
OF THE
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
OF THE— '
CONTINENTAL
INSURANCE COMPANY
OF NEW YORK. IN THE STATE OF NEW
York, on the Slst day of December, A. D.,
I8ii9, and for tha year ending on that day. 'as
made to the Insurance Commissioner of the
State of California, pursuant to the provisions
of sections 610 and f 11 of the Political . Code,
condensed as per blank furnished by the Corn-
Amount of capital etock, paid up In
cub $1,000.000 00
ASSETS.... "
Real Estate owned fc«/ -company.... 11.106.250 00
Loans on bonds and mortgages 78,710 00
Cash market value of all stocks fend
'bonds owned by company 7,400,750 00
Cash in company's offlce 4.781 63
Cish In banks 4S9.38? 31
Interest due and accrued on all
stocks and loans ....f. .....;.'...... 61.J49 1$
Interest due and accrued on bonds :
and mortgages .....:.... 1,844 67
Premiums In due course of collec-
tion ........... .-; 556,93d I?
Bills receivable, not matured, taken
. for flre and marine > risks 10S.S03 63
Rents due and accrued.. 1,384 42
Total assets .........'...... $9,809,CG0 83
LIABILITIES. =====
Losses In process of adjustment or
In suspense j ... $2$0.223 S7
Losses resisted, including expenses.. 34,179 00
Gross premiums on flre risks running
one year. or. less,' $2,344,697 52; re-
insurance 60 per cent;............... 1.172 848 76
Gross premiums on flre risks running
more- than one year, $5,288,670 77;
reinsurance pro rata 2,795 JS7 94
Reserved for contingencies.... 300 000 00
All other demands against the com-
pany 181.928 15
Total vllabilltles ${.774.665 72
INCOME. . =
Net cash actually received for fire
premiums $3,878,078 89
Received for Interest on bonds and
¦ mortgages .............. :.. :.; 4,481 ss
Received ¦ for Interest and dividends -'
on bonds, stocks, loans, and from
all other sources 384 991 r»
Received for rents 15,'634 63
Total income «4.2Sl.iss 7S
EXPENDITURES. " - .. :
Net amount raid for flre losses (In- '
. eluding $351,276 28. losses of pre-
vious years) :............ $2,274,159 68
Dividends to stockholders .. 250 150 00
Paid or allowed for commission or
brokerage . . . .". .'. . . . . . . . ..... ... . .... . 808.043 60
Paid for salaries, fees and other
charges for officers; clerks, etc 320 861 83
Paid for State, national and local
taxes 118,678 10
All other payments and expenditures 247,55$ 7fl
Total expenditures ... — ..$4,017,443 9.1
Losses Incurred during the- year. . — T
flro ...».;¦:... ......;;................$2.247,BS2 71
Risks and Premiums. Flre Risks. Premiums.
Net ¦ - amount of risks '
written during the .
year $512,214,400 $4,499.179 37
Net amount of risks
expired during v the
year ................... 472.S35.202 4. OS?. 463 73
Net amount in force ¦ -
December 31.. 1S99.... S29.124.iy7 7.833.36S 29
F. C. MOORE. President.
E. LANNING, Secretary.
Subscribed and sworn to before me. this 24th
day of January. 1900. EDWARD HAIGHT.
. Notary Public.
GEORGE B. KLINE, Genera I; Mgiv
III. >^ :
J. D. MAXWELL* CO.', General Agt.
. • 421 California Street. .
D. W. GRAVES, State Agent,
J.:R. WILBUR, Surveyor,
< Mills Building.. San Francisco. Cal.'! , •
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Hale's.
Hale's.
AMUSEMENTS.
MARTIN
Is the name that stands for ex-
cellence in
Guitars and Mandolins.
The name is plainly' burned in
the inside.
MARTIN models are closely
imitated, but never equaled. • /,
If you want the. best you must
purchase a MART IN.
TOB SALE ONLY BY
CLARK WISE & CO.
Cor. Geary and Grant Ave.
WEBBR PIANO AGENCY^
Catalogue Free.
l^imllfflPP^f To A H 1 s*b c* t jt\. -&* jt\ n^vcr lets the pj*
WSB$agSm &*sLjL%b' 4 a43LJ.C^ J5 IkvJ'JL C' interest iag. A
J^Gffig|l§§|ir The advance of the Hale's store is continuous— there is no pause— hence L
l)' ihBsSseP^ immediately following the most successful holiday selling in the history of the 1}
MfflEgsP^ house comes this after-Christmas reduction sale — a sale of unparalleled interest •
after-Xmas sa/e of this is the way the sales-check wit/ read : after-Xmas sate of I
notions. one-fourth ¦ one-third belts j
|\l ioo gross fine mohair brush edge off off Twelve and fourteen cord black satin i!
binding— in black, navy, brown, Rreen, nn hnllnw " Ai£ '"-i<*««« iA/# <ai^' JC<> „ „,..,, belts— made of very heavy satin and fin- '
itan and gray— ij< inches wide. Worth °" HOIIOW... 011 WOrk- ished 9atin r^ bon AJso £ U
15c a yard-now. . . . . . Sc Silver- ,7, „, „, «,. m „„« $lml jj Oxes satin belts with alternating cords of jrilt
7/0 pairs stockinet dress shields- waPP UUACv ' soutache braid and black satin. Resu- I
numbers 3 and 4. .Usual price 15c a ¦J Vdre ; cw " "' _ . . •* albums, lar price 75c each— now 4Sc |
pair _ now Oc j ewe i r y 5 , -ja/ „,„ /j „. JKc tc - „ ,' ./ ' , .
after-Xmas safe of Sterling *"f Mi & 7^Pf° celluIold -«^*™* •' 1
I domestics.- and ebony /J^^ ro e° ods - . Phukets
\ W^^^B^&^0l ¦> 3fe*~.<*~* ,*£££*»& bl^T^S° l^i 1
18x34 inches. Worth- i 2 tfc each-our brushes, /¦ 0/^— 3 a*, games, been used as store samoles aJd are U
'A U "/^ children's llf^^L^tAT^^ |
ffi^^^e/fc.^^!S#^ 7 J 7^~ -^^bOOkS, Now.perpair.93.OOto |
-2000 vards fine glass toweHn K in all the artWareS, ' f- 2 fC ' ...?lo.OO H
H wanted checks— 17 inches wide. Our Iamns • mecnan " after-Xmas sale of I •'
\ price, per yard.. lOc ' H ,. leal tOVS *- a IV
Good quality bleached sheets-fin- CUt glaSS, £«" h.OSiePy ' \\
I ished with two-inch hems: dOllS.tOyS, 'JO. I0y Ware- a^ fadies* fast black 'seamless
Size 63x00 inches, each. . . 44c ; . ' ' ' .^ hOUSeS, cotton hose-Richelieu ribbed or plain
Size 81x00 jnches. each. . .[,4c except Wheel stables bIack ™' th unbleached feet-made with
I Size 90x90 inches, each..... >9c . goods. SiaDieS, double heels and toes-all sizes 8?i to5
/ after-Xmas sale of after-Xmas sale of -!>«• d°*cn P^rs 91.38-sinjrle pair ft
M woman's ready-to- silks and dress goods. '^W^^^^i^r^t ill
II* I WeaP apparel* Good and fashionable— or they wouldn't be here at alL Un- black fleece lined hose with pearl ribbed l|
jig It's one thing to cut prices on carried derpriced. or we wouldn't be telling about them. S-'nri^S?!? S°« h o?r a D ? ir 7 )
VXJ over or rut of date garments-it's quite Black peau de soie— a heavy New fancy waist silks— small °" r P rlce for I2 P ai » 9— 2u— single
\\ another thinpr to offer the' newest-of the and fully guaranteed $1.. so all polka dots woven on solid pair •"• - Oc
j / new at prices like these: silk fabric with a beautiful grounds in all the newest col- Ladies' full fashioned droo stitch j
I Moreen ' under- F 1 a n n e 1 e tte double-faced satin finish— 22 orings— ig inches wide. A hose-^three different styles— all sizes —
skirts — in black wrappers — mads inches wide. Our price..#1.00 very strong value at,, per yard worth 35c a pair— our price 25c
and colors. Made with full skirt and Black English silk and wool .............:.. .$1.00 loo dozen boys' corduroy bicycle hose ji
I with deep flounce trimmed with crepons— this season s choicest Black English pierolas in Hale's famous iron thread goods — 3 I
' 9 and ruffle Worth braid— lined to the patterns. 44 inches wide. Our small and medium designs. 42 pairs for 50c
\ 1 $1.25 each — our waist. Our price regular $3-50 goods and the i"^" wide.. If you need a new
// I] price 75c 7n~ best value we could secure to black dress don't wait for- a O-lier-Amas Sale Of
I: ! Wool* waists— all ' "Genuine" "brown &ell . at that Price-now per more interesting offer. Worth laCCS. &^
made in the marten collarettes >' ard * 2 ' 00 a yard-now $1.5O .„ 7 fl iV4
height of fashion, in the stylish r-rfST 1W All silk chantilly and oriental laces in
i Some are made round cut shape. Q&^^7 *«te, /£/ Js^&^xst just right patterns for neckwear and «l
v with tucked fronts Lined with heavy /^^^"^^ M^ Q8SS* Z>S*£& ,, re?s tnmmin K s — 2 to 9 inches wide. ; //
and backs. Worth fancy silk. Regu- jK'^w^ep^gw^ Worth stra »ght up to 25c a yard. I(J\
.1 to $5.00 each— lar price $12.00 JBB ~^^GpOD GOOD&y^ Money savers are likely to be numer- (
I now $2.4r». each — our orice . *~ ous for the 1900 yards we have re-
I 1, $l.f>5 and. $1.4,5 .......... .97.50 Market St, near. Sixth, Opposite Golden Gate Ave. duced to 10c (j
Hale'8.
Hole's.
AMUSEMENTS.EACH PRISONER
GETS HALF A PIE
Chief Jailer Frank Cornyn of the Broad-
May Jail decided that he would give
the prisoners some little token for Christ
mas, so at noon yesterday, each occupant
of a cell was handed half a mince pie.The
prison menu does .not : include pie, i and • it
took great 'ingenuity .'on the part of ; Cor
nyn < to -effect ¦"¦the scheme. 'He -induced
dealers to. donate ..the various materials
necessary 'and .the pies '.were manufac
tured without much cost..'
HIS CURIOSITY , ABOUSED.
This Miner . Had Never Eaten Heed
Birds Before.
. Lnst week the hotel, population of New
York had two . additions in the . shape of
men from out of the West;. . One was a
shrewd •; young , lawyer from . Denver, who
had been In the city before. .The other
was a* grizzled, open-eyed miner.' who, un
!til this trip, hadn't been ten: miles away
from the mining camp where he went as a.
small boy. v Tne old man struck it rich
some years ago, but hadn't money to work
his claim. New York capitalists had been
negotiatingaideahwith him and he came
down East. to close the transaction, brlng
ilng the r>enver. lawyer with mm to protect
him from green goods men and capitalists.
Things; went smoothly and; the ueal was
ibrought to 1 a conclusion, 'leaving the old
miner richer by- almost a million dollars.
He, was slightly staggered when, he began
to realize the situation and: to understand
• thp.t he had money to 'burn; but.helng.a
? man, his first Impulse was to set about
Apple Sandwiches.
These are especially nice for evening en
tertainment. Here are several sorts. For
the first, chop fine a pint of firm, full
flavored apples: mix tiiera with one-quar
ter as much chopped celery, sprinkle with
two tea-spoonfuls sugar, two salt spoon
fuls salt, half a salt spoonful whit© pep
per, a little nutmeg and three tablaspoon
fuls of the very best salad oil. If you
wish an especially piquant flavor, put the
whole mixture In a bowl which has been
rubbed inside with the least suspicion of
garlic. Cut brown bread very thin, but
ter it well and spread with the apples.
Lay the slices together, press them firm
and cut to shape.
For the second, chon tart, juicy apples
very fine, then mix with their own bulk
of pot cheese softened with a little sweet
cream. Season well with salt, pepper and
lemon Juice. Butter bread either white
or brown, very thickly and spread with
the mixture. For the third sort, mix the
chopped apples- with either peanuts or
English walnuts, also chopped very fine,
season with sugar, salt, a dash of tabas
co and a very little onion juice and work
the mixture well Into its own bulk of
double cream cheese. Butter the bread
lightly, spread with the mixture, then dot
> the surface sparsely with pickled capers
or shreds of olive.
soloist* being: Daniel Lawrence, W. B.
Smith, Fred Purdy, Charles Doettlng.
Homer Henley and Charles Parent. The
processional. Hymn 60, was rendered with
fine effect. The decorations were of fes
toons of fir. and spruce boughs, white
chrysanthemums, red berries and violets.
At St. John's Episcopal, corner Fifteenth
street and Julian avenue, the fine audi
torium was decorated with evergreens,
large ferns * and flowers. The sermon,
preached by the Rev. L. C. Sanford, was
heard with rapt attention by the unus
ually large congregation, and the music,
under the direction of Esther M. Philips,
left nothing to be desired. "Angels from
the Realms of Glory," sung by the vested
choir, was a particularly fine piece of
choral music.
At Trinity tho offices of the altar were
performed by Dr. Clampett beneath a
blazing star of lncandescents, and the
chancel was a bower of Christmas shrubs
and flowers. The vested choir, under the
direction of the organist. Dr. Stewart,
sang the anthem, "Christmas Star," which
has never been heard to better effect.
Dr. Clampett preached eloquently on the
emotions Christmas roueed in the human
soul, dwelling on the Joy of giving and
the various benefits coming from a proper
holiday spirit.
Bt. Paul's, its arches entwined with pun
gent pine streamers was filled yesterday
by a large congregation, who listened with
great attention to the Christmas sermon
of the Rev. Dr. Reilly, the vicar.. Dr.
Rellly reminded his. hearers that In „ the
days of feasting and gift-giving they were
apt to forget the holy purpose for which
the day was observed. "We must keep in
mind," he said, "that the greatest gift of
all Christmas gifts was the one given to
the Virgin in the humble manger beneath
the stars of Palestine. As it was the first
gift, so it was, and ever will be, the
greatest and best. The Christmas lesson
we must learn and remember Is that God
bo loved the world that he gave his only
begotten son that we- might have ever
lasting life."
The services at St. Peter's, corner Fil
bert and Stockton streets, under the direc
tion of the Rev. William Bours, was ex
ceedingly impressive- musically. - ' Guslav
Merkel's "Christmas Pastoral," - Stalner's
"Sanctus," Handel's "Rejoice, O Daughter
PLAN BIO HTTNT TO
EXTERMINATE WOLVES
Gray Canines so Numerous as to Be
Serious Pest to* Minnesota
Farmers.
MINNEAPOLIS. Minn.. Dec. 3.—
Wolves in great numbers Infest the vicin
ity of Minneapolis, and tha farmers of
nearby counties are in a state bordering
on panic, for their livestock is constantly
being attacked by the brutes. This con
dition of affairs is particularly true a*
applying to Anoka County, adjoining
Hennepin County, where prairie wolves
are reported as being more numerous than
ever known. Farmers are sending out In
vitations for a grand hunt, by means of
which is hoped to exterminate or drive
out the animals.
of Zion," made up a programme of rare
merit well rendered.
At St. Luke's holy communion was cele
brated at 8 and 10. a. m. Wallace Sabin,
the organist, had selected a musical pro
gramme which delighted the large con
gregation, and Dr. Clarke, the rector, de
livered a seasonable talk. The crowds at
this church were exceedingly large at
both services. • v ¦ .
Every Catholic church throughout the
diocese was crowded in the morning and
at the vesper servfcea yesterday. The
pastors of each parish' made special prep
arations for the occasion,- and; as *a re
sult the congregations were able to listen
to some splendid' musical programmes and
excellent sermons. Masses were cele
brated from 6 o'clock until 11 a. m., and
there was a large outpouring at every
service.
At St. Ignatius Church solemn high
mass was celebrated at 5 o'clock In the
morning. The Very Rev. J. P. Friedem
was celebrant, the Rev. Father Bell dea
con. Mr. Ryan sub-deacon and the Rev.
Father Culligan master of ceremonies.
The largest attendance was at the 10:30
mass. The Rev. Father Landry was cele
brant, the Rev. Father Boiler deacon, and
Mr.' Flueren sub-deacon. A sermon appro
priate to the day was delivered by 'Rev.
Father Joseph RlordaTi. Solemn benedic
tion concluded the high mass. The regu
lar choir of St. Ignatius Church was aug
mented, and' under the direction of Dr.
Maurice Connell rendered some elevating
music. . ' ¦ : • . -
Prom the congregations and choirs of
nearly a score of churches and cathedrals.
Catholic and Episcopalian, glad songs of
praise were sent up throughout the city
yesterday. Tho capitals and arches of
Imposing places of -worship assumed a
holiday garb of green, pleasantly picked
out with red berries. Anthems of thanks
giving, breathing the spirit of the season
end rendered by augmented choirs,
welled up from the chancels, and inter
spersed with, more Btately music were
Christmas hymns, simple and familiar, in
¦which the congregations could Join. The
attendance at every church was immense,
Few, lrdeed. were those who did not
wend their way to pray and Blng beiore
giving themselves over to the Joys of
holiday making in their homes.
From their pulpits ministers exhorted
their hearers to bear In mind the purpose
for which the festival was observed. The
majority of these holiday sermons were
short homilies on the season. Music was
th« principal thing on the programme,
and' In this respect and in that of decora
tions and attendance the city outdid it-
Belz,
At Grace Church the services,, while
simple, were exceedingly Impressive, and
the same Is true of those held throughout
the city. Bishop Nichols delivered a pow
erful sermon on the spirit In which the
holidays should be celebrated. Ho eaid in
part:
"I am one of those who believe that this
Is the day on which we should be uplifted.
I>et us thi;;k: of the things that brighten,
Hot of those that darken life. Thousands,
nay. millions, tho world over are keeping
this Christmas day by deeds of benefac
tion. Then there Is also an appeal to
the peacemaking aspect of Christmas.
Why is it not more and more a. day of
peace? How many heartaches might be
healed, how many darkened lives might
be brightened by the peace of Christmas
tide if :.ll the world but make it the season
for forgiving."
A epecial musical programme was under
the direction of Organist W. H. Holt, the
PRAISE SERVICES HELD IN THE CATHOLIC
AND EPISCOPAL CHURCHES IN THIS CITY
teers of America on Fourth street last
evening. A big Christmas tree, good
things to eat and lots of music made tha
evening a merry one for the little folks.
T. J. Noonan and Professor William
Husson contributed vocal selections, and
several boys and girls recited appropriate
verses.. Bags of fruit and candy wer«
given out, .but the distribution of presents
was postponed until to-night. The pres
ents were selected by Captain Hogenson
and his assistants and they are all of the
useful variety.
GOOD CHEER FOR
ST. LUKE'S SICK
In honor of Christmas day the different
buildings at St. Luke's Hospital were tas
tily decorated with holly, evergreens
and lilies, which lent a cheerful aspect
to the wards and halls. There were sev
erity-four patients, and during the day
from the commencement of an early visit
ing hour until late In the evenlne the
hospital was thronged with guests who
came to pay their "Merry Christmas" and
bring tokens of remembrance to stele
friends.
The visit of the Maria Kip ' Orphanage
was much enjoyed. Tho little army of
girls came Sunday evening and sans
Christmas carols. !¦£¦
MAY the blessing of God Almighty
and our Father, Son and Holy
Spirit descend upon you and re
main always, amen."
With these solemn and fervent
words his Grace Archbishop
Riordan concluded the Papal blessing,
which he gave to the devout people who
filled St. Mary> Cathedral at the 11
o'clock mass yesterday morning. It was
a fitting climax to the solemn high mass
which had been celebrated with pomp
and ceremony.
Four times a year the Archbishop has
the power to administer the Papal bless
ing to those who reside in his diocese. At
Easter, Pentecost, Christmas and some
other important holiday In the calendar
of the church he vests himself with cope
and miter, the Insignia of his high office,
end solemnly recites in Latin the blessing
of the Pontiff. ' Had the cathedral been
twice its sixe It .is doubtful whether it
could have contained the multitude of
Kyrie, which was rendered with force
and expression by the singers. The Arch
bishop was assisted by the following
named priests: Deacon, Rev. J. B. Han
nigan; sub-deacon. Rev. Charles A.
Ramm; deacons of honor, Rev. E. . P.
Dempsey and Rev. Philip O'Ryan; as
sistant priests. Rev. Father Prendergast,
V. G.; master of ceremonies, Rev. P. E.
Mulligan.
At the conclusion of the mass the Arch
bishop, vested in cope and miter, proceed
ed to the altar to give the Papal benedic
tion. He was accompanied by the dea
con and sub-deacon. Rev. Father Hanni
gan chanted the conflteor and then his
Grace pronounced absolution. The con
gregation then knelt and the Archbishop
faced the vast throng and making the
triple sign of the cross and holding his
miter in his left hand he pronounced the
blessing.
Rev. Father Hannigan preached tho
sermon. He spoke fervently and eloquent
ly. His discourse was purely a devotional
one and impressed the congregation. His
subject was "The Gospel of the Day." It
was strictly a Christmas sermon.
worEhlpers who tried to hear the ser
vices.
An augmented choir under the direc
tion of Organist Harz-ison and a half doz
en musicians rendered the sacred music
which filled the grilled arches of the ca
thedral with sweet sound. The high altar
and stations of the cross were covered
wLth beautiful flowers and lighted with a
myriad of candles. The effect was grand
and imposing. •
Promptly at 11 the bell in the cathedral
tower tolled out the summons to mass,
and before the mellow sound had died
away in the distance a stirring march was
played by the organist and the partici
pants In the solemn high mass entered the
sanctuary- First came the acolytes at
tired in purple, then the master of cere
monies followed by the ministers of the
mass. At the end of the stately proces
sion walked the Archbishop, vested with
chasuble and miter and bearing his cro
sier. The congregation stood with bowed
heads as the priests entered and resumed
their seats as the Archbishop assumed
his station at the foot of the altar and be
gan the mass. The choir opened with the
were sent out through the city s streets
with donations of food, fuel and clothing
to many families that would not have had
occasion otherwise to Join in the rejoic
ing at the last Christmas of the century.
This distribution was authorized by the
president of the association. Rev. John A.
B Wilson, who personally investigated
each and every case before acting on It.
GERMAN CHRISTMAS
TREE /FESTIVITIES
Court German-America of the Ancient
Order of Foresters had 'an old-time Ger
man Christmas festival in the social hall
of the Foresters' building! last evening for
the pleasure of the children of members
specifically and for the adults incident
ally. There was an immense tree in the
hall, brilliant with tinsel and fancy orna
ments, illuminated with hundreds of can
dles and loaded down with little stockings
filled with candles and small toys.
During the evening the little ones were
formed In line, and marched around the
tree the adults in the meanwhile singing
melodious Christmas songs. Then the lit
tle ones were taken into an adjoining hall,
where each was given a present suited to
age and sex, also" a bag of candy and a
package of cakes. .This was followed by
»!-I I 1 1 j I I 1- •:••!-!• *-H^4-H-H- -H-
COKE PRODUCERS , ARE
INVOLVED IN RATE "WAR
Certain Independent Concerns Selling
as Low as $1 40 Per Ton, the
Higher Price Being $1 75.
PITTSBURG. Pa.. Dec. 25.— Producers
of coke have become involved in a price
war over the contracts for furnace coke,
which arc now being closed for delivery
during the first half of the new year.
The result is that some of the independ
ent non-Connellgville producers are sell
ing furnace coke as low as $1 40 per ton.
! involved in the conflict over the coke
prices are chiefly the H. CJ Prick Coke
Company, the J. W. Ralney Coke Com
pany, the Washington Coal & Coke Com
pany and the Bessemer Coke Company.
The Frick company is said to be holding
to a minimum price of $1 75 per ton on
furnace, coke at the ovens, while Inde
pendent companies are quoting as low a3
the figures named, and one of the larger
of these -interests is holding to $1 co.
Two hundred poor children were made
happy at the headquarters of the Volun-
burning it. Up to that time he had seen
nothing of New York. He had been too
busy, but now he wanted an Introduction.
"Dick," he said, "we'll have a New Year
dinner on me. Take me to tho swellest
Joint In town, and order the best meal
they can cook."
The lawyer g'rinned. called a cab,. and
landed his charge at the proper place. The
old man was Impressed by the head waiter
but not subdued.
"What will you have?" asked Dick.
"Oh, you order anything you see that's
worth eating, with the kind rf liquor that
goes with it. Darn the expense.
Dick knew a thing or two about dinners,
and his spirit soared within him. He made
out a menu that reduced the waiter to
groveling respect and deference, and he
arranged the vintages as though he had
never moved West to live.
When the dinner came on the old man
took It without a murmur. He didn't
know what he was catinf the greater
part of the time; but he liked it, and he
approved of the wine. When the game
cam« on he was moved to curiosity.
"Them ain't quail and they ain't
prairie chicken. What are they? '
"Reed birds," said Dick.
When the dinner was finished the wait
er brought the hill. Dick looked at it and
chuckled. He knew that the old man's
idea of "blowing one's pelf was a $2 din
ner at Slippery Tim's; He handed the bill
to his friend, who promptly shoved It
back to him.
"You Just tell me what It !s." he said
pulling out his spectacles, "and I'll ante "
"It's $34." said Dick.
The old man put on his glasses and
looked over them at the lawyer whose
face was impassive. He shot a furtive
glance at the waiter, who stood like a
graven image. Then he dived Into his
waistcoat pocket and pulled out a roll of
money. >He counted out $34.
"Two dollars for the waiter's tip." whis
l? r u,n H ick .V. Hl ,? frl ££ d stolidly added two
$1 bills to the pile. They put on their hats
and went out upon the avenue. Neither
said a word. They walked down the street
iivsilence. At Twenty^elghth street- the
old man reached over and touched hia
companion on the arm.'
'•"Say. Dick." he paid. In a stunned way.
where do they get them reed birds?",—
New York Sun.
a programme of dances and the giving of
an emblematic gold badge and two large
cakes to the members of the court who
held the lucky tickets. The affair was In
charge of E. "iiauchau. the chief ranger;
W. Claus. the financial secretary; V*.
Plagemann. floor manager: S. Aumeyer,
assistant; Chris Hauser and John Fox.
KNIGHTS TEMPLAR
OBSERVE FESTIVAL
The Christmas observance of the Cali
fornia Commandery No. 1. K. T., took
place yesterday. The Templar toast was
given by R. E. Grand Commander, Sir
Frederick M. Miller, the response being
made by the Most Eminent Grand Master,
Sir Reuben Hedley Lloyd. A song of tri
umph was sung by Sir Walter C. Campbell
of the California Commandery Ch»»ir. The
observance closed with the singing of
"Auld Lang Syne" by all present.
CHRISTMAS WITH
THE VOLUNTEERS
ARCHBISHOP RIORDAN PRONOUNCING THE PAPAL BLESSING UPON THE THOUSANDS OF PEOPLE WHO
YESTERDAY CROWDED THE CATHEDRAL AT THE SOLEMN HIGH MASS CELEBRATED IN HONOR OF
THE CHRISTMAS HOLIDAY. HE CAN DO THIS ONLY FOUR TIMES A YEAR. *
CHRISTMAS A DAY OF REJOICING IN THE
CHURCHES, HOMES AND INSTITUTIONS
IF those who gave to the Salvation
Army this year could have known
the result of their charity they would
have doubled their . gifts; and If
these who gave not at all cculd have
foreseen the dinner in the basement
of tho Od«i Fellows' Hall, they would
have reached deep Into their pockets and
have divided their Christmas cheer with
those who but for the red-shirtea soldiers
of the Lord would have had none.
Nearly two thousand men and women
were the guests of the army at the public
tables yesterday, and nearly a thousand
more found their Christmas dinner
brought to their houses in baskets. For
everyone who had a home and family and
nothing for the holiday dinner, the army
had a weli filled basket, and these were
sent to the various homes Monday and
yesterday morning. But for the rovers
the big tables were laid in the basement
of the Odd Fellows' building and seventy
of the soldiers waited, upon the guests.
A Christmas dinner for the poor is no
new thing for the Salvation Army, and so
there was no hitch and no delay. Every
thing went smoothly and pleasantly and
everyone who sat down at the tables got
up satisfied and that much the happier.
Lieutenant Colonel William Evans,
chief divisional officer of the army In San
Francisco, was in charge of the work.
Under him was Staff Captain Connett.
the last man had left the tables and the
work of cleaning up the debris was begun.
During the meals the band from the
Salvation Army headquarters played, but
there was no singing except at the sol'
fliers" meal before the public was allowed
In.
During the first weeks of December th<j
various barracks hare had their officers
out looking for men and women who
would avail themselves of the Army din
ner, and each of these was given a ticket
of Identification. But toward the holi
days tickets were given to anyone who
wished, and at the last minute one of th-j
soldiers was stationed outside to pass in
anyone who was hungry and wished to
Join the line of diners.
Taking advantage of an offer to print
his comments. Colonel Evans dictated the
following words of thanks to those who
have assisted the Salvationists in their
1 work :
I desire, throtich the columns of The Call.
to thank th» many friends who hare coma
to our assistance and mad* the feeding' of twj
thousand people possible. The business houses
have i?enerou*]y furnished us with meat an<i
vegetables anrl groceries and other things and
Individuals have been quick te furnish us wltri
money. We feel that those who have responded
to our various appeals, either on the streets
or by mail, would realize that their confidence
has not been in the slightest misplaced If th»r
could see the hungry multitude that throne*
the Odd Fellows' Hall. Th» army considers
that those who have gl^en are deserving: of as
much credit as the army that has don* th»
work.
who directed the waiters. Captain Gage,
who supervised the cooks and the kitchen,
and Staff Captain Crawford, who attend
ed to the seating of the guests. The menu
consisted of roast turkey, roast beef, po
tatoes, turnips, celery, cranberry sauce,
pie, plum pudding, nuts, fruit, candy, tea
and coffee.
Befora the first tables were laid at 11
o'clock the Salvation Army people sat
down to a dinner of their own. with the
friends who had volunteered to help at
the feast. There was a blessing asked
and songs were sung, and then the meal
was tastily dispatched so that all should
be In readiness at 12 o'clock. Just before
12 the waiters, formed a line, each with
three or four plates, according to his or
her dexterity, and at the word of Cap
tain .Connett they passed through the
kitchen. First the vegetables were piled
high on the plates, then the roast beef,
the turkey, then the cranberry sauce and
a finish with a spoonful of gravy over
«I1. Each waiter passed from one bl^r
pan to tho next, while the cooks passed
out the good things on the platen.
There was no word spoken, no trouble
and no confusion, and within a few min
utes the tables were ready for the wait
ing line outside.
The doors were opened at 12 and the
men camo In, ep.ch taking his place with
out a word. There was grace at the first
table and every one rose and remained
standing while Colonel Evans asked the
blessing, but at the subsequent tables
this was dispensed with. By 4 o'clock
¦ *
SCENE IN THE BASEMENT OF ODD FELLOWS' HALL, WHERE THE SALVATION ARMY FED TWO THOU
SAND PEOPLE YESTERDAY. THE ARMY BAND FURNISHED MUSIC AND THE RED-SHIRTED SOLDIERS
SAW THAT THE GUESTS WANTED FOR NOTHING THE KITCHEN AFFORDED.
The belief that a sure way to reach a
man is through; his stomach was exem
plified yesterday at the Presidio. A smile
of contentment was visible on the face -of
each and every soldier who had partaken
of the dinner preparedly the army chefs.
"Full stomachs make* a" light heart" and
every man ; on ; the reservation gave evi
dence of possessing the requisite amount
of food.
Many i of them had not. seen home In
years, but not a man could be found who
was homesick.. At barracks and hospital
peace and contentment reigned supreme.
All day long a stream of;-, pretty girls
could be seen entering. the military reser
vation, and each one was met by her sol
dier boy. .
Each mess had its own particular bill
of tare, and turkey was the main feature.
The noncoms, the soldiers, the teamsters,
all sat down to a carefully, prepared menl,
and the general verdict after all had been
discussed was: "God bless the cooks."
TURKEY DINNER' AT
COUNTY HOSPITAL
The patients at the City and County
Hospital were made : happy yesterday by
a Christmas dinner furnished through 'the
generosity of Mrs. Phebe Hearst, who had
given f250to beaised for. that purpose.
A bounteous supply i of turkey, plum
pudding, fruit and candy was furnished,
and the male patients had tobacco. The
nurses and internes decorated the : halls
and wards for the -occasion. -
¦ : - — : — ' ? ' .
FOOD DISTRIBUTED]
TO: THE : DESTITUTE
The poor In \ the many* back streets, and
alleyways , of • the city wHb are . not . enu
merated among the; needy in the inBtitu
.tlons of ¦ charity ' were . hot '< forgotten ;! on
Christmas day..;, Robert A. 'Beechlng dis
tributing agent of the San Francisco! Be
nevolent ,- Association, : saw to : it that : these
unfortunates.'.whoas a rule, -are too proud'
to askt public; alms,-, were > not overlooked.
Wagonload after • wagonload of' goods
OAKLAND, Dec. 25.— Christmas brought
good cheer to-day to many an Oakland
home in need of the good 'things of life.
Probably a thousand families were the re
cipients of the, bounty of local charitable
societies. .The Elks, the Associated Char
ities and the Salvation Army each had a
canvass made of the city's poor and dis
tributed gifts of a substantial nature with
a lavish hand. Boxes of clothing and bar
rels of provisions were sent broadcast
from the headquarters of these and sim
ilar organizations, not to mention the lib
eral private donations to homes in want.
The local dealers have been remarking
on the unprecedented number of turkeys
ordered sent to families where such lux
uries are unfrequent visitors.
The children in the various orphanages
have not been forgotten. Two hundred
homeless little ones from the Fred Finch
Orphanage will be entertained Friday
evening 1 by the children of the First
Methodist Sunday-school, who will pre
sent the cantata, "A Visit to Santa
Claus." Each of the orphans will receive
a gift. I
Athens Camp, Woodmen of the World,
will entertain the inmates of the Temescal
Orphans' Home on Wednesday evening at
Woodmen Hall.
The Oakland Golf Club gave a Christ
mas tree to the caddies on the links at
the clubhouse to-day.' ,
- At the Christmas celebration of St.
Mary's School the Rev. Father King pre
sided. The children presented the oper
etta "Marvels of Kindness," Introducing
the children's saint, who distributed pres
ents to the scholars.
On Thursday an all-day prayer meeting
will be convened at the First Presbyterian
Church to beseech a special divine visita
tion upon the opening- of the new century.
The Catholic Ladies' Aid Society selected
one hundred families and prepared one
hundred Christmas dinners for them.
Each family receive*? a box containing a
turkey and. all the necessaries to accom
pany it.' The officers of this society are:
Past president, Miss Bessie Gallagher;
president. Mrs. A. E. Humphreys; senior
vice president, Mrs. George Lewis; junior
vice president. JJrsiT. M. Voarman; sec
retary, Miss Kate Tolley Moor; financial
secretary, Mrs. J. J. McStay; guard, Mrs.
O' Brian; marshal. Miss O'Brian.
CHRISTMAS BRINGS
CHEER TO SOLDIERS
CHRISTMAS
A TIME OF
REJOICING
I*ocal residents spent a
Joyous Christmas yesterday.
Every store was closed and
the city presented an ideal
holiday appearance. It was
extremely quiet, and the day
passed without incident. -The
theaters were crowded to over
flowing at the matinee and
evening' performances; the
park and ocean beach was
thronged with sightseers, and
every mart of pleasure was
well patronized.
Churches of every denomi
nation celebrated the day
with special services. V Aug
mented choirs rendered sacred
music, and -special' sermons
appropriate to the. occasion
were preached by the pastors.
Churches other than the Cath
olic denomination held their
principal services on the Sun
day preceding Christmas and
their services yesterday were*
but a continuation of the cele
bration. • Every Catholic
church in the diocese was
crowded with worshipers.
Masses were celebrated from 5
o'clock until* 11 o'clock and in
the- - evening 1 vespers ¦ were
sung. .-
His Grace Archbishop Bior
dan celebrated ' high mass at,
the; cathedral and also gave
the papal benediction to the
assemblage.
Following a custom inaugu
rated years ago, the Salvation
Army gladdened the hearts of
the poor, by feasting them.
Fully two thousand men and
women sat at tables in the
basement of the Odd Fellows'
Hall and were served with the
best of the market by the
soldiers of the army.
The prisoners in the jails
were not forgotten, for extra
provision was* made for their
Christmas dinner by the Com
missaries and they dined on
holiday fare.
In some way or another
everyone had a share of the
holiday cheer, and to that ex
tent the last Christmas of the
century was a grand success.
CHRISTMAS CHEER
FOR NEEDY HOMES
Papal Blessing Pronounced by the Archbishop
Upon the Worshipers in the Cathedral.
CHRISTMAS GOOD CHEER FOR ALL, BOTH HIGH AND LOW
Two Thousand Hungry People Fed by the Sal
vation Army in Odd Fellows' Hall.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, -..WEDNESDAY, DECEMBER 26. 1900:
8DR. HARRY M. CARLTON. HE IS PRESIDENT OF THE NATIONAL, IN
STITUTE OF DENTAL PEDAGOGY. WHICH WILL BEGIN A SESSION
IN CHICAGO IMMEDIATELY AFTER CHRISTMAS.
Services at St. Mark's.
BERKELEY, Dec 25.— Christmas ser
vices were held to-day at St. Mark's
Episcopal Church. The rector. Rev.
George E. Swan, preached on "God So
Loved the World, a .Christmas sermon
treating of the incarnation. Special music
was rendered by the vested choir of men
and boys. The processional was Adest<»
Fldelis, .by Reading; lntroit: anthenv "O
God of God, O Light of Light," Le Jeune;
hymn. "Hark, the Herald Angels
Eirg," Mendelssohn: hymn, "Corde
Natus," written- In tha -fifth' cen
tury; offertory anthem.. "The Morn
ln* Stars Sang . Together," Sir John
Stainpr, introducing a quintet con
sisting of Mrs. H. S. Parson*. Mrs.-H. G. :
Van Sant. Whitney Palache, Charles Mar
ton, J. C. Wilder; • ¦¦ communion ¦ service.
Hall, in G; Te Deum. Dudley-Buck, ln.B
flat minor. Mrs. Parsons, Mrs. Van. Sant,
Mr. wilder and Mr. Palache rendered
6olo&i3*VBOTHBQMi!SKflnpMIMMSMMgBMj|
Tha • decorations were " of . oak and . red
wood boughs, ~ which gave • the r entire
church a beautiful bower effect.' William
Powell had charge of the decorations.
the time In some kind 'of a game?" "
."I'm with you there," replied Mr. Wash
burn, and? the, .three r left. to find a place
to k while away the time. A lumber, yard
soon : presented itself, and*, the., two . men
began to initiate Mr. Washburn In the
so-called ."strap game.". ¦ • :% - ,. ;..
Mr. Washburn : had never heard of the
game: before, and. had no't noticed the
signs in all; country lumber yards,-. "Be-"
ware of- the strap game,"; and was. easily i
taken in.* ¦ ~ \ •
."I'll, bet you: 120 you: can't throw, that
strap over that hook," said one to Mr.
> Washburn, and -he,. thinking it a very
easy way, to . get . a . twenty, took up > the
bet. The other man held the stakes.. He
tried, and failed: ; Immediately; the two
men took to .their heels and. were almost
out of sight when Mr. Washburn realized
his situation. He had been bunkoed. He
called after, thennen,- ."Hold, on, boys,
what is > your hurry ?j You won my, money
tlon of. the , big brick building for the new
flax works,, covering the entire block at
Third and j Linden ? streets,- gives : promise
of; speedy : employment l to several ' hundred
operatives. ". '
and I don't kick. TU go you a little game
of cards. .'¦ ¦¦-..:. ...
The two men, believing that they had a
good thing, concluded to push it alone A
game of i. poker was decided upon. ' ¦
.He was so easy! And the 4 bunko men
began, to bet recklessly. . . 4 :\ :
: But all; this . time Mr.' Washburn was
watching l his opportunity, and when the
proper, time presented itself, he calle-J
them on all they had. For Washburn had
four aces.' How he got them Is -another
story. Sufneejt-to say that he was not
born . yesterday, spite of the • strap game
They put up and , Mr/, Washburn, 'seeing
that the money was near him, threw down
his four aces: and grabbed the stakes
"Good-by, gentlemen;,? thanks for your
amusement. , 1 4 believe my i train ; Is due "
said. the man from. the half dome. . . '
V Mr. Washburn later < discovered '- that he
was Just fifty dollars the winner, together
with his strap game money back.
-The ¦ building was damaged by the late
storm,- which. blew down one of the fresh
ly f constructed ; walls, f. but r the • wreckage
has ;, been i cleared away^ and • tne wall re
paired. •:'.-. :.;. . ' ,
OAKLAND, Dec. 25.— A. H. "Wash
burn, superintendent of the Yose
, mite Stage and Turnpike Com
pany, turned ' the tables > on two
. bunko men in this., city. The
biters were bitten in the most approved
and artistic fashion.
It happened on one of his many trips
from Yosemite to San , Francisco. '; On his
way down he had to stop off . at Oakland
on business. After transacting his af
fairs, he found he had Just mlesed the
train and began to look • about the town
to see what he could find for amusement/
He had, not long to wait : before two men,
whom he had noticed at the station, 'came
up and addressed him.
- "Well, pardner, you seem to be in. the
same boat as we are — we have missed "our
train. What do you cay to our passing
BIG FT. AT FACTORY TO
'BEGIN < RTJlTNTira /* SOON
OAKLAND, Dec. 25.— The near comple- |
An excellent Illustration of how to ar
range matters between employer and em
ploye without damage to either is ln prog
ress in Oakland to-day. The, Retail Clerk**
,/^sociation and the newly formed Mer
chants' Association of Oakland are now
conferring quietly to see if the closing of
stores cannot be adjusted to the satisfac
tion of the Klerks and yet without injury
to the merchant.
Tbe Retail Clerks' Association, which
was formed during the present year and
ha* grown wonderfully, started an early
closing movement a few weeks ago. They
w-t a standard of closing hours that* they
£ Fk«<3 their employers to conform to and
he£^n an earnest campaign In behalf of
their scheme.
Some of the merchants of Oakland
agreed to the hours and some did not, and
t.neily the merchants formed an organlea
.Tlon and elected J. T. Moran the pr«s«i-
Ir.Ktead of threatening the Clerks' Cn
icn with extinction or precipitating a poa-
Bible strike and a lot of annoying boy
cotts Mr Moran requested a conference
between the officers of the organization
tim he represented and the officers of
"i* Clrrks' Association. The clerks et
On <* rfrrognlz^d the reasonableness of this
ar.d granted it, and several meet
*f.f« havfe be»"3 held. Each side seems
r.';- : «s to make concessions, and the Indi
caaon R are tLat the matter will be ad
y-^A without injury to either side and
tior I eIther strike or outside arbitra
r'Vrc7> On L Ml1 »t is -quite a new expe
t O ~, J ? r both sides of a labor question
aaaner Ultp ta * such a 6atJsfactory
Served th^r Church Seven Year*.
Trinity Fn't; r>ec - 25— The vestry of
icnowir.gn*w pa L Church bas #«
The Rev j n Y ogeem for th« year 1901:
M. 6anborn^L, Ba kewe!l, rector;. Henry
Junior waVdV^ 0^ warden; D. M. Doub.
D. M. Dcr^",! V N - Pearce, treasurer;
h*v« now tere^A*- Th « ««»« officers
years. •*"¦«& continuously for »«ven
MR. WASHBURN OF YOSEMITE VALLEY. AFTER LEARNING WHAT HE DID NOT KNOW ABOUT THE STRAP
TRICK, PROCEEDS TO TEACH TU'O BUNKO MEN' THE BEAUTIES OF A WELL-TIMED HAND OF FOUR
ACES IN PqKER, ¦ -:-•:. _*«-'u«
OVERTTTRES TOWABD
SETTLING MILL STBIKE
Owners Alarmed at Invasion of Local
Market by Nine and Ten
Hour Kills.
S OAKLAND. Oec. 25.— George McBoyle, a
prominent milling man, is beginning a
movement looking toward a conference
between the owners and strikers with a
view toward terminating the present lock
out, which has lasted since the middie of
August.
. Mr. ( McBoyle points to. the preservation
Of the lumber milling industry 'In Oak
land and Its unfavorable* reaction upon
other lines of business to support his plea
for an agreement ln solution of the pres
ent difficulty. So far the men have re
mained firm in their demands for nii»
hours' pay for an eight-hour day, 'but
few of the mil!s have yielded. Meanwhile
the local market has been invaded by out
side firms, who operate on a nine or ten
hour basis.
Oakland Clerks and Merchants in
Friendly Conference on the Ad
justment of Difference*.-"" 1 '..*^",*'
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
111S Broadway. Dec. 2S.
BERKELEY, Dec. S.— Eleven men will
undoubtedly be compelled to pay the sum
of $2750 into the county treasury on ac
count of an error in the publication of
the license ordinance In Saturday's issue
of the town official paper. These men
had been fined J230 each ln the Justice
Court for violating the prohibition law.
Their appealed cases will come up before
Superior Judge Greene to-morrow for final
settlement. A3 the points in the law in
these cases are exactly the same as in
the Fedderwitz case, in which the Su
preme Court rendered a decision for the
plaintiff, there can be but little doubt
that the Superior Court will .uphold the
Justice Court's decision. '•
Had the error In the publication of the
ordinance not happened -the license law
would have been passed last night. Then
the eleven casf s in the Superior Court
would have been dropped from the docket.
As it is now the ordinance will not be
taken up for final passage until next Fri
day night, whfn a special meeting will be
held for that purpose.
The mistake in printing was not dis
covered until Monday evening, so that It
cannot be rectified until to-morrow even
ing,several hours after Judge Greene fhall
have rendered his decision. The trustees
who wanted the license ordinance to be
come a law are bitter in their denuncia
tion of the management of the paper on*
account of tha error. B. F. Arnold the
manager of the Gazette, the official or
gan, said to-day that he knew nothing of
the misprint until he saw this morning's
Call. He was greatly vexed-, over the af
fair, and said that the fault lay -with the
foreman, who, in shifting type In three
different columns for a "place advertise
ment, had got one body of type in the
wrong column. H. L. Hubbell, the fore
man. Manager' Arnold said, would give
affidavit to-morrow that he alone was re
sponsible for the error, and that It was
a mistake on his part.
Law Cannot Be Repealed
Until After Liquor Case
Decision.
MISPRINT WILL
SAVE THE FINES
MAKE TARGETS
OF GRAVESTONES
Two Hunters Out of Luck
Try a New Kind of
Practice.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
1118 Broadway. Dec. 25.
Superintendent Smith, of Mountain View
Cemetery, is looking for two men who
made targets out of headstones in the
cemetery, and has apj>ealed to both the
Sheriff's office and the police of Oak
land to assist him. The men thrashed
. one of the cemetery employes and finally
rna<5e their esoape.
Early this afternoon Superintendent
Smith heard shooting at the rear of the
cemetery, and. as the discharge of guns
th«>re is strictly prohibited, he sent a man
out to warn the shooters away. The man
followed the sound of the shots, which
came at regular intervals as at a shoot
ing range, and soon found two men in
• brown hunting suits contentedly banging
away at a target made out of a headstone
on a grave.. The men had become weary
of tramp:'.:jr the hills back of Blair Park,
and had wandered «lo\vn into the ceme
. tcry, whore they had improvised a target
and wer«? satisfying themselves with try
ing to flatten bullets on a bullseye made
with charcoal on the smooth back of a
stone.
The cemetery employe charged the
kopje and ordered the men off. The
-marksmen would not go, and finally
wound up by thrashing the cemetery em
ploye In right good shape. As they were
two to one. and armed in addition, and
strongly inclined to be belligerent, the
cemetery man had no choice but to *ub
mit.
When tfcp employe reported back to th*
cemetery office Superintendent Smith sent
out a squad of men to capture the tres
pessers if they could, and called to his
«.id th*> police and the Sheriffs office, but
the men who wore shooting at gravestone!
had disappeared.
years ago. At that time Dr. A. K. Craw
ford was in Chicago and attended a ban
quet at which, J. C. W. BeckhamTespond
ed to a toast and expressed the hope that
some day he would, be Governor of Ken
tucky. When Dr. Crawford was called
upon he replied that he hoped that Mr.
Beekham would achieve his desires, and
if he did he wanted the title of colonel
and a position upon his staff.
That was many years ago, before J. C.
W. Beekham was even a very prominent
feature ln politics.
When Mr. Beekham did become Gov
ernor he remembered the banquet \of
years ago and Dr. Crawford received his
commission, which will take effect upon
the first . of the year.
And so Oakland has a Kentucky colonel
within its bounds.
OAKLAND, Dec. 25.— Governor J.
C. W. Beekham; the newly elect
ed Governor of Kentucky, and
the man who '"became Governor
when Goebel was shot a year ago,
kept a promise that was made many
vears ago, and to do it- he had to send
the appointment of colonel upon the staff
of the Governor of the commonwealth of
Kentucky all the way to Oakland. That
appointment was bf stowed upon Dr. A.
K. Crawford of this city, and on January
1 he will have the right to assume that
title, and will be an official of Kentuky,
though a resident of California.
The appointment was received a . few
days since from Governor Beekham with
a note from the "Boy Governor," recall
ing an incident that happened several
WASHBURN KNOWS A LITTLE
OF THE BUNKO GAME HIMSELF
Loses at the Strap Triek, but Is Quite Equal to Four Aees in
a Poker Deal, and Wins All the Money.
OAKLAXD. Dec. 25.— Dr. Harry P.
Carlton of this city left yester
day to attend the annual meet
ing of the National Institute of
Dental Pedagopy, of which he is
president, and which meets immediately
after Christmas in Chicago.
National associations of professional
men do not often come West for material
from which to make their presidents, and
when thfy do it is a subject for remark.
The annual meeting which elected Dr.
Carlton to the head of this very Impor
tant association of the dentists of the
country was held In New York, and was
attended by members of this profession
from all over the country. Dr. Carlton
•was selected from many hundreds of
members and chosen to preside at the an
nual meeting which begins this week and
which he has gone to arranpe.
After the business cf the meeting Is over
Dr. and Mrs. Caxlton will tour the dif
ferent cities of the Hast, and will be gone
several weeks.
DR. A. K. CRAWFORD^OF OAKLAND, WHO IS NOW A COLONEL UPON
THE STAFF OF GOVERNOR J. C. W.jBECKHAM, THE YOUNG CHIEF
EXECUTIVE OF KENTUCKY. Photo by Dorsaz.
126. Kannits. 127. Queen Isabella. 123.
Lyxn'an Abbott- 123 Leon Gambetta. 130,
The Princess Clementine. 121. Philip II.
132. GaUlo (Acts xvilJU 12). 133. Louis
Philippe. 1&- Cicero.' 135. Charles Lamb.
128. Richard in. 137. Haroun Al Raschld.
13S. Who was "The Great Bow-Wow?"
139. Which of Bonaparte's great oppo
nents was- of the same height and born
the same year?
140. What Hun, In order that hla rest
ing place might not be found, was burled
with his treasures in three coffins and the
gravediggers then killed?
141. What Irish orator was called ln
Parliament "The Great Beggar Man?"
142. Who was the autnor of "The Pas
sionate Pilgrim?"
143. What American commanders were
honorably burled by the British, who had
Just defeated them.?
144. In what battle were the opposing
commanders killed and buried side by
side?
145. "What English rnler was termed be
cause of his downfall "Tumbledown
14«. What American coined the expres
sion "The Almighty Dollar?"
147. who was the humorist who wrote
under the name of Artexnns Ward?
14S. Whom did Pope describe as "An
abridgment of all that was pleasant ln
man"?
ua. Who said "Westward the course of
empire takes Its way"?
130. What poet was a puritan under
Cromwell, a churchman under Charles II
and a Catholic under James II?
151. What great naturalist said I can
not afford to waste . my time making
money" ?
A case has arisen In New York growing
out of a statute that is worth describing.
A law provided that "no child under tt.-.<
age of 13 should be employed ln any man
ufacturing establishment, and that all
gearing and belting should have proper
safeguards. A boy who was 13 years old
was employed in a manufactory. While
doing his duty he was in a safe place,
with no danger around hm. But at tha
request of another he pulled out a lever
attached to a machine In order to start
it. and ln doing so he placed his hand on
a wheel, which was drawn downward,
and he was injured. He knew that the
machine was not guarded. He failed to
recover for his Injury. The court remark
ing that he knew tha machinery was not
guarded, and furthermore, he had intelli
gence enough to take care of himself and
to understand the danger if he took hold
of the lever. "The absence of guards can
impose no liability upon the employer
when the boy, knowing of their absence,
voluntarily meddles with the machine."
One might Infer from Aha language that
the request to the boy to move the lever
need not have been given; that he waa
perhaps indulging ln a little sport, 'The
truth was. however, that the request to
pull the lever came from another employe
who was engaged in cleaning the ma
chine. Nevertheless, It was cot a part of
his duty to do this, and consequently bid
employer could not be held liable for the
consequences. The boy's act was purely
voluntary, to accommodate another em
ploye, and consequently there was no help
for the Injured boy. We question whether
he could have recovered anything under
the law, even thougii his employer or his
foreman had requested him to move the
lever. The risk was entirely his own,
however good bis motive* ln thus acting.
HOME STUDY CIRCLE QTJEBIES.
"Whether an infant is to be treated as
having assumed the risks of personal in-
Jury to himself from performance of labor
attended with danger, and held to exer
cise of ordinary care and caution in order
to recover damages from Ms employer ln
case of personal injury is always an open
question, depending upon the capacity and
fitness for the particular kind of labor
he may be employed at when so injured."
Therefore, the jury in such a case should
be instructed to find a verdict for tha
child unless his age. intelligence and ex
perience were such as to induce a man of
ordinary care and prudence to believe him
qualified and fitted for the labor at which
he employed him. Such is the opinion of
the Court of Appeals of Kentucky on this
subject.
Voluntary Employment.
of His Employment P
There Is another rule too important to
be omitted. Suppose a child Is injured by
the negligence of another employe, an
adult, can he claim that the master must
recompense him for th« injury thus re
ceived through the negligence of another?
We have learned what is the general rul#
with respect to older employe*— each as
sumes the risk of negligence practiced by
those around them and cannot recover if
they are In the same common service.
Does this rule apply to children? I* they
assume anything? Do they know or un
derstand tno risk they run in working ln
a cotton factory or an iron mill of injury
from the negligence of those around them .'
Of course tney do not know, nor do they
knowingly assume such risks, but the law
regards them or their parents as assuming
those risks, and consequently they can
not usually recover anything for injuries
sustained through the negligence of
others.
When Does a Child Assume the Bisk
Adult.
In a Georgia case it was said that this
rule applied to a youth of 1" who was In
experienced in dealing with a machine by
which he was Injured. The case showed
that the machine was dangerous to an
inexperienced person. Nor aid the age of
the person, so the court said, "deprive
him the right . to be warned. The em
ployers, or the man representing them,
ought under all circumstances to nave in
quired of him as to his experience, or
taken notice of the probability that he
waa so Inexperienced as to render It
proper to give him warning." That his
age alone aid not deprive him of the right
to be warned has been often decided.
Where a Minor Is Injured by an
A Case in Georgia.
How long can a child continue to claim
tne right to receive instructions? It U
quito evident that a different rule ought
to govern In the case of a child 10 years
v.ij 8 ®* 1^* 11 ln that of a W S 200-pouna
child of 20. Again, as we have seen, an
t-mployer has no right to employ young
persons at all In those cases in whicn
ereat juagment or discretion is required.
A. railway company would not be Justlfled
in employing a boy as an engineer, how
ever desirous he might be of serving. IS
he did the company would be holden to
the public for injuries sustained by them
and to Its own workmen. Suppose the
boy was 20, a mature, thoughtful person,
would not the company be justified in thus
employing him? Perhaps so. Suppose h»
were 19? It may be, especially ln excep
tional cases where no older or more com
petent persons could be employed, to
serve. It will therefore be seen how dir
ncult it i3 to nx a precise age when the
boy grows into a man. when ne can claim
the benefit of instruction and when not.
factory to all engaged In the business o?
coal mining."
How Long Should One Be Instructed.
STJIXDEN PASSING OF
MBS. J. M. COLQUHOUN
Stricken With Pneumonia While
Preparing for the Family Cele
bration of Christmas,
OAKLAND, Dec. £3.— In the midst of a,
Christmas celebration Mrs. Joannetta If.
Colquhoun. wife of Joseph A. Colquhoun.
passed away suddenly to-day at the fam
ily residence, 6T8 Twenty-fourth street,
fronvpneumonia, having been ill less than
tweAy-four hours. Mrs. Colquhoun was
stricken last evening, and her condition
became alarming oniy a few hours before
her death.
Mrs. Colquhoun was the daughter of the
late Rev. John McMaster, D. D.. of
Princeton. Ind.. and was 53 years of age.
Besides the husband, surviving there ara
two children, Joha Jlcil. and Edits C.
Colquhoun.
Emperor William of Germany drinka
none but. Mexican coffee and a year's sup
ply 1» sent to him regularly after each,
harvest from a plantation In Mlcioacaa.
BY ALBERT S. BOLLES. LI* D.
The employment of minors raises some
questions of the highest importance con
cerning the duties of employers. Some of
these were considered In our last article,
but others still remain worthy of notice.
When He Knows the Danger He As
. sumes the Bisk.
. We have already set forth the duty of
an employer to instruct those of youthful
years employed by him. It follows that
after. a minor has been instructed or
warned of the danger he Is about to incur,
and undertakes the employment, he as
sumes the risk like any other employe.
This rule was applied by the Supreme
Court of Missouri in the case of a minor
who was a brakeman on a freight train
and was killed while at his brake upon
the top of a freight car In passing
througn a bridge, the cross Umbers of
which were so low that they struck his
head. The accident happened in the day
time. He had been employed by the rail
road company about three weeks and had
passed«this bridge every day during tne
lime. He had been repeatedly warned to
look out for this and other bridges, and
when last seen he was sitting on his
brake and facing the bridge not far oft.
The court said "'it would almost seem
that he committed suicide," his conduct
was so reckless.
When a Child Need Not Be Instructed.
Again, when a child knows of the dan
ger his employer is not required to in
struct him. This point was settled long
ago, although the cases are constantly
happening in which It is applied. In one
of them a boy 19 years old was employed
in a woolen mill to operate a machine to
shear the nap off cloth. He had been,
instructed in the use of the machine,- al
though he testified that he did not fully
understand the danger. The court said
that if . he undertook the work, ' knowing
the danger, his employer was not liable,
although the accident might have been
prevented by having guards to the ma
chine. ' In another case a boy 17 years old
was set to work on a machine for bleach
ing cloth. The operating of it was sim
ple, and he worked for two weeks without
accident. Then a finger was injured by
putting it in between a roll and a hot
cylinder in order to smooth the edge of
the cloth. For the period of six months
he had been at work on a machine quite
similar to this. The Supreme Court, in
reviewing the case, remarked: "In view
of the plaintiffs age and experience prlcr
to the time of the accident no duty then
rested with his employer to give him In
structions in reference to the risk of pos
sible injury. It could not be deemed
necessary at that time to tell him that
11 he should put his hand in between the
cloth and the revolving cylinder Just at
or Just before the place where the cloth
cam© in contact with the cylinder, there
was danger that his hand would be
caught."
Outside Instruction.
Another principle may be stated. If the
employer of a minor Is negligent. In not
instructing him, as h© receives all needful
Information from other sources he has no
cause of complaint on this Bcore against
his employer. This rule was applied to a
boy by the courts of Minnesota. 'He was
employed to operate a carding machine in
a woolen mill. There were about forty of
these machines In the room where he was
set to work. The foreman told him to see
what the other operators did and he was
put in charge of five machines. Having
been injured by not keeping his shirt
sleeves out of the clutch of a machine he
sued his employer to recover for the in
jury. He claimed that his employer gave
him no instructions how to do his work,
yet admitted that he knew how to do It
through watching others. They told him,
among other things, to keep his shirt
sleeves rolled up to prevent them from
getting- Into the rollers. He testified tbat
he "did not know that it would alfo pull
in his arm, and did not know but that he
could Jerk his sleeve out." _ "It Is utterly
inconceivable," said the court, "that a
boy of his age supposed that the precau
tion was intended merely for the protec
tion of his shirt and not of his person."
After declaring an employer's duty to
give needful Instructions to youthful em
ployes the court adds: "No duty rests
upon a master to notify even a minor of
the ordinary risks and dangers of hig oc
cupation, which the latter actually knows
and appreciates, or which are so open and
apparent that one of his age and capacity
would, under like circumstances, by exer
cise of ordinary care, know and appre
ciate/'
Positions Which Children Cannot Fill.
Signaling.
There are positions which boys are in
competent to fill and for. which they ought
not to be employed. To employ them,
therefore, for such places is dear ne«li
fence on the part of their employers, ren
erinp them liable to other employes who
may -be injured through their lncompe
tency. In one of the cases requiring the
application of this principle a boy 14
years old was employed to signal an en-
Blneer_who ran an engine that' was used
fii unloa'dlng coal in a vessel. There were
men In the vessel who filled buckets with
coal and attached them to a rope, and
when they were ready the boy gave the
signal to the engineer to draw them up.
An accident having happened to one of
them through the boy's neglect or ineffl
ciency he sued the coal company, claiming
that it was negligent In employing th*
boy for such work. The court, remarked
that "no usage Xo employ boys of tender
years to perform, duties Involving the per
sonal safety of others, which require
Judgment, discretion and care greater
than is usually possessed by boys of suca
age, can be upheld for a moment." The
principal Question In the case was, Did
the company knowingly employ a. boy In
competent to do such work? and the court
of review thought the company was guil
ty. "The duty of giving the hoisting sig
nal to the engineer required the exercise
of a good degree of judgment and discre
tion and constant care and watchfulness.
It Is common knowledge that while a boy
of 12 or 13 years of age may possess and
be capable of exercising these qualities
yet a large percentage of such boys do not
possess them, or are not capable of exer
cising them continuously." That the boy
employed by the coal company to give
the signal was properly qualified was not
clearly proved oy ¦ the fact that . he had
performed the duty In a proper way for
a week;«ac$^fifti3&gP*BM&s
. In another case a boy not 14 years old
was employed in a quarry to repeat to
trie engineer the signal given to him by
workmen. One • of them havinz - been
killed through the boy's negligence his
wlfo tried to show that the company was
negligent in employing a boy to do such
work. The court thought otherwise. The
work had always been performed- by boys,
and this one had frequently acted in this
way before, as the unfortunate man knew.
So she failed In her case.
Telegraphing.
An Interesting case has been decided by
the Supreme Court of the United States
relating tc the employmtnt of a telegraph
operator 17 years old by a railway com
pany. ".The tenth night after he went to
work he submitted himself to the charms
of , sleep, 'with . the old result — a serious
accident— forgetful of the most familiar
truth that eternal vigilance Is the price of
safety. .The Judge told the Jury that boys
no ' older than he had successfully . dis
charged the duties of day. and night dis
patcher on the road in question and oth
ers, and that it seemed to have been the
custom of the company to educate its tel
egraph operators while serving as mes
senger boys. Nevertheless, the Jury found
that the company was i negligent in : em
ploying him. and the higher court did not
dlsturt their verdict.
Trapping-.
One other case, of an employe In a coal
mine, may be mentioned. A boy less than
15 years old was employed In' such a mine
as a -trapper.. This" consisted of opening
and closing; a door In a mine in obedi
ence, to a signal. - He was declared to be
competent for the purpose. The mine was
in Texas. " The - Supreme - Court of that
State said it was - a universal custom
among. owners and; companies working
mines to employ boys from 12 to 14 years
of age as . trappers. . and i that experience
had shown that they .were as efficient In
that sphere as older persons: at least that
their employment-was "practically satls-
Copyright, 190O, by Seymour Eaton.
l~>f\\Af l~eS8OPiSt EMPLOYERS AND EMPLOYPS^
• THE EMPLOYMENT OF MINORS.
Rev. Dwight E. Potter Starts
' ; a Unique Missionary \
company.
Stockholders Hire a Missionary for
Foreijrn Lands— Prospectus That
Discounts Oil Company
Descriptions.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
1118 Broadway, Dec. 25.
Rev. Dwight E. Potter of the Union
street Presbyterian Church has originated
an Interesting and entirely new scheme
for foreign missions. He has organized
what he calls "the Missionary Substitute
Company," and he is selling "stock" to
the members of his church. He says that
the preaching of the gospel In foreign
lands is a duty owed by all Christians,
and if it cannot be done in person it can
be done by employing a substitute.
The "company" is for the employment
of substitutes. Each "stockholder" pays
5 cents a month for each share of stock
that he holds. There are to be regular
meetings of the "company," to designate
when and where their missionary, will go,
and each "stockholder" has a vote lor
every share of stock held.
Here is the prospectus, .which rivals any
oil company prospectus in description:
The object of this company is to obey our
"marching 'orders." Christ wished the gospel
preachwi io all the world. He wishes It still.
HUs commands are our charter. '•«> into all
the world— teach all nations— be my witnesses
unto the uttermost part of the earth." Mis
sionary work is therefore a matter of obedi
ence, not of opinion. Some cannot go; they
can send. Hence this Substitute Company.
Our assets are the promises of God to all
who obey him. These are a good bank account.
This bank will never break.
Our liabilities are heavy. . We are "debtors
to the wise and the unwise." We owe them
the gospeL As a church we are free from
debts — no more taxes, no interest, no mortgage.
Yet we are debtors to Christ— servants, wit
nesses. We must pray "Thy kingdom come"
and pay to bring it. The woVk is glorious. Our
opportunity is great. A friend offers $400 to
support one missionary if we raise $4C0 or.
tCOO for another, both to be ours— chosen by
us, a part of us. our very own. They work
»hile we sleep. Help us to select them and
support them..
The dividends are lov*, Joy and peace —
blessing others and being blessed. Pleasing
Christ, obeying him, winning souls, treasure
laid up in heaven. Tou can trust the great
head of the company for the rest.
The capital stock is 2tXX> shares at 6 cents
eech per month. Would you really miss a
stamp a day, or a car fare a week? It would
greatly help us. Our friend, known as "Be
liever," subscribes for 664 snares; the rest is
for sale.
Twelve dated envelopes will be given you.
AH shareholders vote on the use of the funds,
choice of fields, etc. Five cents or more a
me nth makes you a shareholder. The secretary
e.nd auditing committee will consider private
all records of amount given.
• We pledge money for rent, gas, . water, etc.
Why not for missions?
This is independent of all other missionary
societies of this church, and is not to in
terfere with any of them.
As the church committee, we ask for your
prayers that God may guide and use all. and
that there may be a full enrollment of stock
holders (about 250).
Will you not engage two names on the list
—one for your friend? Settle the amount with
the Lord and become a witness for Christ fcy
substitute "unto the uttermost."
Pledges are for the year 1901. to be renewed
if you are willing.
SELECTS CALIFORNIAN
TO ACT AS PRESIDENT
CHRISTIANS MUST
HIRE SUBSTITUTES
OAKLAND POSSESSES
A KENTUCKY COLONEL
Or. Carlton Leaves for Chieago to Pre
. side Over Dental Pedagogues.
ALAMEDA- 0 AKLAND-BERKELEY
THE SAX FRAyciSGO OAI/Ly WEDNESDAY, DECEMBER 26. 1900.
Governor Beekham .^Ceeps Promise and
Makes Dr. Grawford a Staff Officer.
9
THE CALL'S
HOME STUDY CIRCLE
WITHOUT STRIKE
OR ARBITRATIONTHE SAN FRANCISCO CAI^; WEDNESDAY r DECEpER 26; 1900.
10
PKRSOXAJ.S. j^-^
DANICHEFF sells holiday glove orders. good for
gloves ready-made or to order. Ul Grant ave.
MASQUERADE costumes, play books, wlss;
. country orders. GOLDSTEIN & CO.. 73» Mkt.
DR. LAMOTTE'S French Corn Paint, the best
corn cure; 25c; all druggists.
SUITS to order on easy payments. Art Tallor-
ing Co.. 1644 Mkt.. under St.. Nicholas Hotel.
OLD gold, silver, diamonds and precious stones
bought. J. R. JENKEU 817 Market st.
CHEAPEST and best in America— The Weekly
Call. 18 pages, sent to any address tn tb«
United States or Canada one year for $1.
PHYSICIANS AND SPKGEO.V8.
DR. C C. O"DONNELL— Offlce and residence.
1021H Market St.. between Sixth and Seventh.
CANCERS and tumors cured without surgical
operation. DR. J. H. REEVE. 2SVJ 'Keamy.
REAL ESTATE CITY FOB SA1 ' K ;
BALDWIN & HOWELL.
10 MONTGOMERY ST.
ym— House of 4 rooms; very big bargain: 1
block from Hyde and Union st. cars.
$275— Only $50 cash for a very desirable home
lot; nicely located In the Mission; 1
block from the electric cars; lots 30x100
each."
Want offer— Rents $177 50 per month: S new
elegant, high-class, up-to-date fiats of
7 and 10 rooms and bath each; sightly
elevation, exceptional surroundings; lot
27:6x137:6. ,- » _ *
$7,000-Fulton St.. near Lsguna; 2 houses of
6 rooms, bath and basement each ana
J flats In the rear on the small street:
»*nt $62; lot 27:6x120.
$S.000-: Jessie . st/. near Fifth ; J-story f rame
building of store below and 2 floors
above of 8 rooms; rent $30; lot 2Sx70.
W,000-^Golden Gate ave.. near Lyon st.: 2 Cats
of 6 rooms and bath, each; rent $42 50;
23*137:8. . .
$5.000— Green st.. near Gough; fine residence of
8 rooms and bath, laundry, etc.; lot 26:«
rxl37:6. - f.
$4,650— Hermann sL. near'Flllmore; two 2-story
bay-window bouses of 5 room*, and bath
each; rents $40; lot 25x120 to rear street.
$4,250— Chestnut st.; 'near Powell; 2-story house
of 7 rooms and ' bath, and 2 flats of 4
rooms each; rents $43 60; lot 25x137:6.
$11,500— Bush-st. corner; store below, flat above:
and three 2-story houses; total rents
$1G5; lot £5x100.
$17.000— Powell St.: 4 bay-window flats of 7 and
8 rooms and bath each; rents $13$ 50; lot
41x117:6.
GOLDEN GATE PARK LOTS.
. Fronting H st.. on electric line and Nine-
teenth-ave. boulevard; lots any size; terms $10
monthly; Interest 6 per cent; streets macadam-
ized, on official grade: also gas and water ser-
vice; only 25 minutes to City Hall; close to all
Park : attractions.
Money advanced to help you . build. Call at
our office (week days, Sundays or holidays),
ccrner H st. and Ninth ave., south of Park.
Sunset district.
. Horse and buggy at your disposal.
Prices reasonable.
BALDWIN A HOWELL. 10 Montgomery st.
EASTONi ELDRIDGE & CO..
83S MARKET STREET.
BUSH STREET INVESTMENT.
$15,000— Near Powell St.; rents $1465 per annum;
S flats, 8. 7 and 7 i corns and bath.
new— elegant— modern in de-
;¦- .. • tail.
. ELLIS STREET CORNER.
$13,000—2 stores, 2 flats; rents $1117 per annum:
lot 27:6 frontage and running back to
rear st.
SNAP IN THE MISSION.
$8.500— Northeast corner on Twenty-flrst St..
". near Mission: 3 fine bay-window houses
. of 6 rooms and b--ith; always rented for
$810 per annum; MAKE OFFER.
PARK PANHANDLE RESIDENCE.
$7.000— Reduced from J7300; cost J9000; large,
elegant, modern residence; a rooms and
bath; Lyon st.; lot 25x100.
MUST BE SOLD.
TO CLOSE AN ESTATE.
$4.730— Two substantial, extra well built flats
of 5 and 6 rooms and bath; 33 feet S
Inches wide; rents $4S0 per annum;
Twenty-flrst St., near Valencia.
FULTON STREET COTTAGE.
$3,250— Substantial, well built modern , cottige
of 6 rooms and oath: brick foundation;
8-ft. basement: near Baker st. ; rents
$22 50; a cheap Western Addition homa.
TEHAMA STREET INVESTMENT.
$3,000^-Near Fourth st. ; front house, 7 rooms
and porcelain bath; rear house, 4 rooms;
lot 25x80; rents S3C SO.
NEW, ELEGANT MODERN COTTAGE.
$2,C0O— 8 rooms and bath;' porcelain bath; ttle
mantels: every modern Improvement;
light and sun in every room; level lot;
close to 2 car lines; Sanchez st.
EASTON. ELDRIDGE & CO., -
¦ 638 Market street.
WANTED — To purchase lots between First and
- Twelfth aves.. Lake and D sts. W. J. GUNN.
630 California St., oetween Montgomery and
Kearny. !
RUAL ESTATE COUNTRY For Sale
A^CTJRAT^E^to^Iedgei "each of 'the WOO ranch-
es on my sale and exchange list— more than
all other agents In city: state what's wanted.
. N. D. SICKELS. the Land Agent. • Geary st.
CIRCULARS free. M. GRIFFIJf. 719 Market St..
sells and exchanges city and country property.
CHEAPEST and best In America— The Weekly
Call, 16 pages, sent to any address In the
United States or Canada one year for It.
T-fr«t«»«r«» pwlrt.
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS.
ALAMEDA REAL ESTATE.
¦ONE of the most elegant homes In the city of
Alameda at a sacrifice.
One excellent house. S rooms, servant's room
and bath. In the best part of Alameda. will ba
cold at a great bargain. ! LEONARD A LEON-
ARD. 2Q- r » Montgomery st.. Pan Francisco.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
OFFICE— 1118 BROADWAY.
OAKLAND REAL ESTATE.
$850— A SMALL home of 4 rooms and bath; must
be sold: 39th St.. near Telegraph ave.: 25x100.
A. J. SNTDER & CO.. Real Estate. 467 Ninth
St.. Oakland. Cal. ¦' '
$750-4 ROOMS; 33x100; must be sold. A. J.
-SNYDER & CO.. 467 Ninth St.. Oakland.
OAKLAND FURNITURE FOR SALE.
'¦~~*j"ux — ;;; — ~*cu~-. — . *~.~~~~f
AN Introduction to you from H. Schellhaas. the
furniture dosl-r. Uth and Franklin. Oakland.
REAL ESTATE TO EXCHANGE."
NEW -cttage 6 rms.. bath: lot *xi00: Miss ton;
. t»nt»1 term*' snd vacant jr>t» 4» K»»mv <•.
. ROOMS . FOR . HOUSEKEEPING.
GOLDEN GATE AVE., 622— Cunny sultefs
rooms;- clean: gas stove; running water, etc.
MINNA, 454—2 sunny back rooms; furnished for
separate entrance. *
OAK,'. 119 — 2 sunny front rooms: furnished for
" heavy housekeeping; storage; JU.
SIXTH, 119A— Sunny rooms, double and single,
modern Improvements; also housekeeping.
STOCKTON. 1307 — Furnished rooms ' for house-
keeping; rent' cheap.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at CaU branch offlce. 2200 Flllmore st.
¦ A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
¦ subscription? has t>een established at 109«
Valencia st.
ROOMS TO LET— Fum. and llnfnrn.
AHLBORN HOTEL. Ml Grant ava.-Best dol-
lar a da>v family hotel In city; polite attenQ.
ance:> large • rooms; modern conveniences:
rooms SOc up; flrst-clasa meals Kcj free coach!
A-tmUNSWICK House, m Sixth-Rooms So
, to $1 per night: tl 25 to *5 per week, and light
¦ housekeeping; open all night. -~ v"-
BUnNETT,;ii»-MMk«t : <«ld No. U64)-iru r :
• nlahed rms..' suites, single; also unfurnished.
; ?HS?:' ! J2i ;i 5J? KHO-.Vicely turnl.hed sunny
i rms.: day. Itg up; wk.. tl 60 up. Mrs. V. Ranft.
" 0^ N 'mi 8 .? 1 VJ I1 F RN o ' ™th*.t corner Seventh
Ji^i^ 1 !! 1^" . iU --: Sunn y rooms. -en suite or
. »lngl«: ladles' parUr; reading-room: elevatorT
! GRARY. 4O5(The Navarm-Kleirantly furnlshej
ims; suites or single; tratels^icotmimoUaUd.
. » MONEY TO LOAN.
ANT amount on furniture, pianos, without re-
moval," or any . other good t security ; payable
back in Installments or as a whole; if you
owe a balance on the purchase price we will
pay it and carry the loan as long as you de-
sire; avoid red tape. and publicity; see us
first; you will be waited upon quietly and
quickly. Call 68-69 Donohoe bldg.. 1170 Market.
AA— BEST rates and easiest terms.
Second Mortgages '..
' Interest in -Estates.
..Undivided Interest In Real Estate......
Financial problems "of all sorts and sites
solved by HERMAN MtTRPHY.. 630 Market.
A— MONEY to loan at "rates which people can.
afford to pay on ~ furniture, pianos, . etc. ; do
. not = borrow of your friends or you will . lose
their friendship; do business with strangers
and you will be better satisfied: no delay; no
publicity. Rooms 9 and 10, 906 Market ft.
ANY amount at 6 per cent; 1st, 2d and 3d mort-
. rages,- undivided interest,- real estate in pro-
'bate; mortgages and legacies bought; nojde-
lay; get my terms before doing business else-
where. R. McCOLOAN, 24 Montgomery, r. 3.
ANY proposition, any amount; 6 per cent; first,
second mortgages, 'estates In probate, interest
in estates. legacies; corporation loans, chattel
mortgages and "ecurities. Room 16. let floor.
Chronicle building: HALLORAN & OLSEN.
HIGHLY ¦ respectable, private place to obtain
. liberal advances on diamonds. Jewelry at low-
est rates. Baldwin Jewelry Store, 846 Market
St.; tel. Main 1644. .Branch 19 Third st.
A — $500,000 on city and country real estate and
estates; chattel mortgages; notes and collat-'
eials. J.- BROWNSTONE. 11 Montgomery st.
MOST reliable . placo to borrow on diamonds,
watches. Jewelry. W. J. HESTHAL, 10 Sixth:
'highest price for old gold, silver, diamonds.
ANY amount, lowest rates, on furniture, etc
no removal, no commission; 6trlctly conflden-
tlal. Room 3. Conservatory bldg.. 301 Jones.
MONEY loaned salaried people without security.
( .HILL. rm. 44, Merchants' Ex., 431 California.
$100,000 TO loan on real estate or for building;
low rate. Home Bldg.- Co., 222 Sansome, rm. 2.
CAFH leaned on salaries: New York plan.
THE TOUSLEY CO., 321 Parrott bldg. .
3% en furniture and pianos; $15 up; no removal: •
no commtEslon; private. Room 81, 6 Eddy st.
LOANS. Jst or 2d mtgp. ; clty.country; 6%; undi-
vided ints.: estates. HARPER. 397 Parrott bid.
AUSTIN'S Salary .Loan Co.. S66 Parrott build-
Ing; men can secure loans on personal notes.
MONEY to loan on furniture by private party;
¦¦¦_ low.rr.te. 817 Market st., room 1. .
ON furnfturc and pianos; no removal ;. con-
fidential: on diamonds, fete, 33 Taylor at. •
CASH loaned to salaried people on note without
Indorfcer. MORRELL. 609 Examiner building.
TO salaried- people without collateral or ln-
¦ dorspr. S. F. Discount Agency. US Phelan bid.
MUSICAL 1XSTKUM12XTS.
-A GREAT clearing up sale; all 1900 styles 26
i i <rr cent discount. .»et bargains for hullclayj:
; *3S
', Emerson $65
Klfher, .'.... »ao
J Decker '.. $135
Btelnway upright, slightly used flSS
Lhlcicrlng $213
Hallett'4 Davis $47S
Heine $«5
Rent allowed; Installments, $6 down, $6 per
month up; open evenings. HEINE PIANO
CO.. 217 Geary st. .
BEAUTIFUL Chlckering upright; cost $475,
now $275. HEINE PIANO CO.. 217 Geary st.
. .
ANY person having use for a piano can be ac-
commodated at Sherman, Clay & Co.'s with
: easiest payments, lowest prices and most re-
liable makers to cboose from. Each the best
. ' of their grade, from Stelnway down. Prlv-
1 Hege given to exchange medium and low-
priced pianos for a new Stelnway any time
within three years from date of purchase.
Beautiful new uprights sold for $6 cash and
T6 per month. We offer to sell some good
pianos for $3, $4 and $5 per month. SHER-
MAN. CI.AY & CO., Stelnway dealers, cor-
j ner Kearny and Sutter sts.. San Francisco!
i corner Broadway and Thirteenth St.. Oak-
; la cd. ' .
NOTWITHSTANDING our enormous sales of
the* pan' few day?, we are mill able to offer
a few bargains for holiday gift*. Good ptanos
as low a* $100 and many styles at almost
your own price. Open evenings. MAUVAIS.
; 763 Market at. ¦¦ -
DO not be deceived by alluring promises of any
on*.- to give you no.oiething for nothing, but
I come to a reliable firm like ours and pay a
j fair pri«"*e and g**t a piano that will wear and
| rive satisfaction. You never malce a mtstake
! wh^n you buy a Decker & Son. Packard or
BaiiT»l«ter. ¦ See them and b« convinced,
l MAUVAIS MUSIC CO.. 'fit Market at.
I ABSOLTTTKLY the oldest and largest- hous?
; wefct of Chicago is KOHLKR & CHASE'S, £6.
I IS and 20 O'Farrell st.; pianos, ' organs and
I all other musical Instruments of all grades
and prices: terms easy; prices lowest: every-
thing possible done to please and satisfy the
customer
BARGAINS— Pianos on xtoraffe almost given
| away; also Oar fine new uiano* stored from
1 factory: must be sold at .<;nce to realize stor-
I .. age and freisht:' installments: open evenings.
I 'WILSON'S STORAGF. CO.. 1710 Market st.
A CLEANING out sale of pianos In storage;
dirt cheap. Wllson'n Storage. 1710 Market st.
A BIG sale of pianos now going on; all pianos
nt reduced pricen: fine, large one. $155; num-
ber on time limited: agency Chlckering, Ma-
ton & Hamiln. Vcse. Stealing, etc. BENJ.
j CURTAZ & SON, 16 O'Farrell st.; open even-
J_nsf ; ¦'.'¦"
I PIANO, fine upright, must be sold by Friday;
I grtat sacrifice; 1150. 1259 Mission st. I -
j BYRON MAU55Y, agency Sohmer & Co., Byron
I Mr.iizy, Gabler and Speiiman pianos. 303 Post.
i SPECIAL sale — Immense reductions: see our
j leader, only $110. BRUENN. 20S Post St.
LARGE 3-pedal upright piano, used 6 mo.; leav-
Ing city. 419 Van Neys ave.. nr. McAllister.
THREE-PEDAL upright: nearly new; bargain;
owner leaving city. 2233 Mission st.
GREAT many bargains in 2nd-hand uprights;
¦ rmall Installments. -Hornuns, 218 McAllister.
HIGH-GRADE piano's; Steck. Hardman. Con-
".. over & others. AV. B. ALLEN & CO.. 814 Post.
AT KEKFFF/S.933 Market st., 4 elegant up-
.. rights at your own price. : Shonlnger agency.
BEST rent stock In city: new pianos, $3 per
: irftmth. SCOTT-CURTAZ. 560 Hayes St.
SUPERIOR violins, zithers, old and new. H. -
MULLER. maker, repairer. 2 Latham place.
BARGAIN— Must be sold; nice uprlyht piano.
SCHMITZ.' 16 McAllister st..' next- Hlb. Bank.
CH EAPEST and, best In America— The Weekly
Call, 16 • pases, sent to ¦ any address in the
United States or. Canada one year for $1.
no°fage raid. . ¦ -
OIL.
JOSEPH B. TOPLTTZ. 330 Pine street.
MEMBER PRODUCERS' OIL EXCHANGE.
Country correypnndfno" - solicited.
OIL. LANDS KOK SALK.
KERN River Oil Lands— Proven territory in
the well-known tract: of "Grace Oil Co." for
m sale: also other oil land for sale or lease: mnr.t
'"¦••wonderful oil field known: over 630 feet of oil
sand; buy from owners and save commissions;
have been In field from. start; will rive you
facts enncerntne: any. locality. NEWTON,'
. CARMAN & SOMES, 101 Chronicle bldg., San*
FranclF.eo: 416 Douglas- Block, Los Angeles;
Southern, Hotel. Bakersfleld. -
PALMISTRY. . '
n ¦ ¦ ¦ • ' - ; • -
H. .TKROME FOSfiELLI. scientific palmist. 515
TVvtnr »t...*«»t. O'arr -.n.1 Pf»«t - t»i. nit.-V -,«n
PATENT SAND PENSIONS.
ADVICE free: •• no charge " unless sacceastuL-
GEO. D. CAMPBELL: Lawyer. Examiner big.
PERSONALS.
OWEN , McCABE, Importer, dealer In feathers:
hair mattress and pillow ¦ manufactory; old
-feathers I renovated - and purified: " all feathers
sold warranted - well dressed with my patent
steam renovator. 870 Mission," tel. Jessie 1114.
PRIVATE detective work; reasonable rates; 10
years' experience.' J. B. RAY. 357 Jessie st
FINE suits. $10; dre<* pants. ¦ JS 73. MISFIT
\ CLpTHINQ ., PARLORS. 437 Montgomery st.
A-$3 50 DERBY and Fedora hats. $1 75. Popu-
lar Price Hatters. 330 Kearny st.. near Pine.
ALFREDUM8 Egyptian Henna; . restores gray,
hair to its natural color: $1: at all druggists.
MATTRESSES AND PILLOWS, tel. South 791
made to order, 'renovated; honest work 'guar-
anteed; feathers and hair cleansed: flrie uphol-
'. stery; goods carefully packed for shipment or
storage. HOPKE BROS., 318 and 3S0 11th. St.
PICTURES and *plcture frames of all descrip-
tions 'made to order; portraits enlarged; we
do all kinds of framing. California Frame Co..
9C5 Howard; open evenings:' tel. 'Howard 1078.
KLECTRIC light - In ' every rpom-""- Winchester
Hotel,-, 44 Third st.. -near Market: 700 roqms;
;>25c>to,$l SO per,: night; $1 60 to $6; per, week;
free .'bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
Superfluous hair "removed j with electric needle;
¦ electric roller facial treatment for * wrinkles;
all branches taught, j Miss Eaton/ 1119 Sutter.
HAIR positively grown on ball heads by purely
•;- vegetable compound: absolute proof. Call or
I address DR. G. S. MOORE. 418 Oeary St.. S.Kv
SUITS to order on Installments; $15 upward' $1
a week. ' LEON LEMOfV 1U7 Market st.. be-
? tween Seventh snd Eighth. .' ;^ "^v
WHITE enamel Iron beds, single," three-quarter
! or double.- 12 25. ,-- ISA STERN ; OXITFITTINO
'. CO., lilO-UU Stockton st.. near Broadway.
SAW FR AX CISCO CALL.
HUBINESS OFFICE of The Ban Francisco ;
CaU. corner ef Market and Third streets; open
until 12 o'clock every night In the year. •
BRANCH OFFICES— C27 Montgomery street.
corner Clay; open until 9:30 p. m.
COO Hayes etreet: open until »:30 p. ro-
C3f McAllister street; open until 9:S0 p. m.
CU Lfirkln etreet; open until t:30 p. m.
1941 Mission street; open until 19 p. m.
31X1 Market etreet. ccrner Sixteenth; open ;
cntU t p. m.
10S Eleventh street: open until I p. m. ,
JC36 Valencia street: open until t p. m.
Northwest ccrner Twenty-second and Ken- \
ttcVr streets: cper* until 8 p. m.
MEETING NOTICES.
CROCKETT Lodge No. 1S9. F. and A. •¦
M.. meets THIS (WEDNESDAY) _J\-
EVENING. D^rrrifcer IS. at 7:3<?. Third 7C/\
oegree. By order of W. M. ' ~
H. FORTRJEDE, Secretary.
MISSION Lodge No. 169. F. and A. M.— •
Called meeting THIS (WEDNESDAY)
EVENING at 7:30 o'clock. Third de-TgJT ,
' f GEO. P. FLACK, -Secretary.
MEMBERS of the Brotherhood of Teamsters
fcr« hereby notified to attend the next regular
meeting. THURSDAY EVENING. Dec. 27. to
elect officers. JOHN McLAUGHLIN. Secy.
SHE annual meeting of the stockholders «:f the
Nevada National Bank of San Francisco. CaJ..
will be held at 11b banking house, SOI Mont-
gomery et.. 6an Francisco. CaL. on TUES-
DAY. January 8. 1S01. at S:IS o'clock p. m.. •
for the election of directors to serve for the
,r.ru:r.s year and the transaction of such
rtJjer business as may come before the ineet- :
leg. GEO. GRANT. Cashier. |
Pan Fraiirtuco. December 8. 190). :
AGEXTS WANTED.
6OLICTTORS wanted; men or women; good
salaries warranted; payable either weekly or
monthly; expenses paid. 927 Market, rm. 61S.
AGENTS to Introduce best thing on coast. Ad-
drees Dundee Mfg. Co.. 14. Flood bldg.. S. F. ;
A DO
A GOOD home open for rlrl or boy baby. Add.
Mrs. Dr. Fuclse. 1416 Eighth St.. Alameda.
ASPHALTIM HOOFING.
J. PELTIER, asphalt roofing, sidewalks .re-
ptlred: postal Hit MJ^sion: tel. Folsom 1607. j
ASTROLOGY.
DR. C. TOUBEY TAYLOR. Scientific Astrolo-
ger — Free copy "The New Moon." 765 Marke*.
ATTORXEVS AT LAW.
R. W. KING, 827 Market St.. «th floor, room 627
—Estates, damages, attachments, bankruptcy,
collections; all caeee; fair fee: no advance
charges; loacs en estates. TeL Howard 1537.
ADVICE free; divorce law a specialty ; private;
Oo fee without success; coJ lections. G. W.
HOWE, atty at Jaw, 850 Market, cor. Stockton.
FRANK W. EillTH; mining and probate law a
specialty. Mills big., r. 3, 4th flr. ; tel. Red 3616.
ADVICE free: no charge unless successful. W.
W. DAVIDSON. £27 Market St.. opp. Mason.
J. EDW. JARRETT. Hearst bldg.. Third and
Market sts.; phone Red E2G2.
L. E. CLARK. Emma Spreckeld bldg.. 927 Mar-
ket et. : consultation free: no fees In advance.
BICYCLES — For hale or Exchange.
ALLEN cells the Beet bicycles. Columbia,
Epaldlng. Barnes, Hartford. Monarch. 8tor-
nw. Pennant. t;o up. SOI Larkln & 1370 Page,
UL'SIXESS C1IA.NCES.
A — J750; restaurant with Z5 furnished room*, in
Stockton; rent $25; 2 years" leaer; owner to i
leave for East; must sell quick; a good-paying
business. Ca!l R. G. WILKE. 264 Kearny st.
A— C25; RESTAURANT and chophouse opp. K.
R. cable house; rent $20; good paving place;
investigate soon, as rare chance. Call R. G.
WILKE. 2SH Kearny st.
A— KMO— LEADING barroom of this city; es-
tablished many yoars and doing a flrst-clas^i
paying busmen*; place is located near Kearny
and Market Ms. ; above JZLOO stock on hand ;
eplendld bargain; owner must leave the city
at once to attend business north. Call R, O.
WILK£. 26i, Kearny st.
A — I1Z30; CORNER grocery and bar. one block
eouth of McAllister St.; rent J45; 4^4 years'
lease; stock will lnvoiceothe price; a good-
paying business and established many years.
Call It. G. WILKE, 2C\t: Kearny «t.
A— WANTED — A good tenant for grand cor-
ner store and basement with fixtures suit-
able for grocery business; special Induce-
ments. Apply FPECK & CO.. 667 Market.
A PLUMBING shop; established years: must i
be sold: eickness. COWING &. CO.. 719 Mkt. '.
t7T.r- RESTAURANT on Sixth et.: bargain If
sold to-day. Mclaughlin & co., 77;^ Mkt.
iXG— FRENCH laundry, with all tools neces-
sary: doing fine business. BASILE, 3 EJ'ly. f
WANTED^ — Man to Join landowner In stock |
farming <goats, hogg. chickens, etc.) and |
help in utilizing timber on land (redwood, i
oak. madrone. etc.); small capital required: \
good returrs iruaranteed; healthy climate; |
near dty; the »«"st of references given. Own-
Bit L C SCHARFF, 20 Montgomery rt. ;
FIRST-CLASS ladies' tailor to buy a well- !
established "I^S'lleB* Tailoring" In Oakland: I
moo/i location; will sell at a bargain. Par- \
tlculars at M. ROTHCHILD'S. 526 Sutter St.. i
San Franrisco. ¦-' ¦ ¦ ,-., j
PX CASH buys a good weekly paper: owner
mu«t leave on business. Address Box SS5,
Call offlce. '
WANTED— A good man with $500 or $1000 cap-
ital to buy livery stable in a ftrst-rlass coun-
try town; cheap rent. Particulars at 4S
Eighth st.
BAKERT to let. Twenty-fourth and Guerrero;
established six years; good corner; rent cheap, j
Vf) WINS $300 per month at races; references i
river.. Information Lyons. S21 Market, r. 4.
SAEERT — Best location in the city; fine store j
trade. Address Box 3321. CaU offlce.
CORKER grocery and saloon, 4 living rooms;
cheap. l£iS Sanchez et.
COME good bargains and paying propositions
In restaurants and rooming souses. D.
McRAE. 837 Mission.
A-PLAT THE RACES-
13 to 10 per cent profit monthly on ear new
system; call and investigate. N. B. HAND &
OO.. etycit bandlcappers. cult 12. 34 Kearny.
TO pbrsleians — Good property and practice in
CaL railroad town; TS900: no other physician.
Applr or call MISS -TURNER. Seamen's
Some. cor. Main and Harrison sts., S. F.
$400— GRAND opportunity for lady or gent; loca-
tion perfect: cigars, stationery, notions. Watt-
lcg room. 23d-ave. station. East Oakland.
FOR eale—Flrrt -class saloon; central; complete
nock. Bex 39E.2. Cr.Il offlce.
LODCISC-IIOCM'.S FOR SALE.
MONEY loaned en lodging-houses, 1H p. c;
aajthing you war.t in lodging-house*; e'mpls: |
t rooms on Turk ft., rent $27: price SZM
7 rooms on T^rktn St.. rent 149; prioe S45O
- 30 rooms on Taylor st., rent S40: prlc« J55O
12 rooms en OTarrell St., rent I6&; price.. J560
it rooms oa Mason st., rent S35; price J3S0
11 rooms on O'Farrell Et., rent id; price.. $750
1< rooms on Turk st., rent J£S: price S8(iO
IS rooms on Howard et., rent $25; price... $750
17 rooms on Taylor St.. rent SV); pric«....S147S
1» rooms on Taylor tt., rent t"6; price JltZO
J4 rooms on Lear. «.. rent $125; price. ...1190")
87 rooms on Powell st.. rent $173; price.... $1900
44 rooms on Market «... rent $175: price. ..JT4C0 :
Kbrt money wanted to loan ca lodging-houses
on 1-S value at 1 per cent up; gilt-edge se-
curity; no ext>«nse to lender. .
For quick Mies list your houses ulth A. L.
"ttTLLEY. n« Market et.; phone Black 6215.
MARION ORIFFIN.71»
Marxet »t>. r. 1: tel.
Black ISM. near the
Call bid*.; big fret
list.
WATCH for cur liet of new bouees on Dec. 27;
we will "have eome great bargains. EMERY.
3 TlCAy St., rooms 1 and 2. '
LARGEST list lodging-houses; good bargains; '
money loaned on furniture. SCHWEINHARD.
rms. 1-2, S17 Market rt.. bet. Fifth and Sixth.
LARGEST list lodzlng-houses: good bargains;
money loaned on furniture. SCHWEIXH4RD,
rms. 1-2. 817 Market et., bet. Fifth and Sixth.
, LODQINO house and restaurant In Stockton ;
good for man and wife. Address JOHN Mc-
KINECT. C47 West Market et.. Stockton.
COOD-PATING rooming-house ot 32 rooms for
sale; located at 1122 Market si. CaU and eee
. rToprfftor; good reason for selling.
Ji:00— 60 ROOMS; fine location: well furnished;
all rent*d; low rent. BASILS, i Eddy tt.
"WATCH this space: new list; new houses; Dec.
n. FISHER A CO.. 1C32 Market et
SPIKITCALIS3UL
2eRsTiDR!~FARNHAM, world renowned eptrtt-
usi medium; advice in all affairs of llfeplaw-
cults, divorces, deaths; unites the separated;
• reinlns a cpedalty: clrs. Sun.. Wed., Frl.eVs;
come and be o-onvlceed. Permanently located
£.:"? !;<"jo>- et.. bet. Uyde and Larkln; no sign.
SIRS. ELfilE REYNOLDS— Materlalirlng se-
Rnce Wednesday evening. 2251 Mission st. ; 50c
M5fE. TOCNG'S test meet, every Wed. eve..
Neptune Wigwam. Webster ata.. Ala.; 10c
C. V. MILLER'P mother Sadie seance .Thurs-
day. 12 o'clock; 60c. 10S4 Bush, nr Leavenwth.
.Arnold A Dickson, test * photo mediums; tests
* tA~cuxfat; 10c; realises, spirit photos.- 14S <th.
EMPLOYMENT WANTED— FEMALE.
YOUNO girl wishes situation to take care of
a baby or assist light housework, no wash-
ing.- Apply at 218 Minna st.. between the
hours of 10 a. m. and (p.m. '
WANTED— A position by a German girl to as-
sist lady of. a private family in housework;
will sleep home. Address 119 Tenth st.
A COMPETENT American cook and house-
keeper would take care of the sick; dty or
country. 120 Fourth et., room 10. .
KLDERLY woman wishes . situation to assist
in housework; references ; American family
preferred. Box 8S8. Call offlce.
A LADY would like a position doing chamber-
work tn a first-class hotel: city or country.
Box 8806, Call cf flee. , • .
TRAINED nurse wants engagement . with In-
valid; $10 per week if permanent. Box SW.CaU.
WINCHESTER House. 44 Third st.. near Mar-
ket— 200 rooms; 25c to SI 50 night. SI 60 to SI
'week; convenient and respectable; free 'bus
and baggage to and f rqm ferry.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch offlce, 2200 Flllmore st.
A BRANCH offlce for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1098
Valencia St.- . , ..
• EMPLOYMENT "WANTED— MALE.
SITUATION by middle-aged German as porter,
dishwasher or . bedinaker: can milk cows: is
steady and eober;-clty or country. Address
FRED GERBER, S23 Clay st. --: - >
SITUATION wanted by elderly Swiss to take
charge of private place; references. Address
Box S98. Call office. , ..
YOUNG, man .with wide experience in cream-
ery business, good butter maker and under-
stands machinery well, desires position: as
assistant In same. Box 3994. qall offlce. ,
AMERICAN farmer, . married man. wishes em-
ployment as foreman on. a ranch; have had
experience; can give ¦ references. Call rfr ad-
• dress. R. F. DAWSON. 1920 Francisco st.,
East Bcrkelr- Cal.: ' .
AfcSATER several years' experience, has own
outfit, wishes position with mining company;
best of references. Box J94S, Call offlce.
EXPERIENCED office man wishes situation as
bookkeeper, accountant or other offlce work;
Fgcurlty given if wanted. A. B. box 722, Call.
A BRANCH offlce for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established ¦ at 10?«
Valencia et. -
j CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
i received at Call branch office. 2!C0 Flllmore st.
IF you want to buy, sell or exchange anything •
! on earth, see E. J. LUNDIN, 935 Market St.; I
j 600 shares gilt edge oil stock: sacrifice.
FLATS TO LET.
HARRISON. -1122B— 6- room 'flat; modern Im-
provements; must be seen to be appreciated.
IF you .want to move get printed list flats to let
i from' BALDWIN & HOWELL. 10 Montgomery.
TWENTY-THIRD. 3725-5 rooms and bath; con- I
venlent to Twenty-second st. cars.
Tl — 4-ROOM flats on Victor st.. off Bryant, bet.
7th and 8th. Inquire nt grocery. 941 Bryant.
FLATS TO LET-— FURXISH3D
FURNISHED flat for sale; furnishings and flst
brand new; rent $30; location choice. Ad-
i dress A. B.. box 3960. Call office. j
FRATERNAL.
"CHOSEN FRIENDS" who are not over 65 and
In good: health will find a proposition that
will Interest them by calling on or writing
to S. A. D. JONES, 413 Claus Spreckels
building, city. . - ¦
FURNITURE FOR SALE.
i ROOMsVurnished in oak $« 40. with" No 7
range. King Furniture Co.. 1127-1131 Market.
FURNITURE WASTED. .
CHAS. LEVY buys your furniture, carpets,
pianos, etc. 1133 Market Ft.; tel. Jessie 761.
j TO receive highest value for fur., carpets, etc.,
j see W. E. CODY. 757 Mission, tel. Ited 3353.
i A. WOLLPERT. 773 Mission St.. pays highest \
price for second-hand furniture; tel. Red 1354. I
Auctioneer— L. Vincent. 1305 Larkln: tel. Polk 697:
j furniture & furn'd houses bought: spot cash.
• 11UL1* WASTED — FEMALE.
'•C R. HANSEN & CO 'Phone Grant 185. !
i HOTEL DEPARTMENT.
! Head waitress, ISO; head waitress, country, j
j S25; 10 waitresses first-class commercial ho-
; tf Is. $20 and %Z1 SO; 3 waitresses, South. $20, '
I free fare; 3 waitresses, city. $20; 2^chamber- '
i maids to wait, $20; woman cook, $30, and j
I many ethers. ;
: FAMILY DEPARTMENT. !
! Ranch cook, very choice place, short distance
In country, $20, see party, here; working \
i housekeeper for 12 boys, S20; housekeeper for !
; old lady. $15; houtiegirl?. second girls, nurse- j
! giri*. etc. C. R. HANSEN & CO., 104 Geary. |
'• FOURTEEN first-class waitresses for South- i
i em- California; 120. C. R. HANSEN & CO.. i
i 104 Geary st. , ; !
i A MIDDLE-AGED girl for general house-.vork j
; and cooking: good wages; small washing. Ad- '
' dress Box W)l, Call office. j
! WANTED— Apprentice girl on custom ccets; j
paid while learning. V16 Market, r. 62. sixth |
¦ floor. s '
i WANTED— A waitress to take halt. Interest In j
i a rented restaurant; a smell amount required; |
| call and see. 1224 Point Lobos avenue.
I WOMAN to wash napkins and wait on table.
! 612 Kearny et.
: GIRL for housework; sleep at home. 1157 Va-
i lencla fit.
i ' - . ~™ I
| EXPERIENCED waitress wanted at 29 Fourth, j
WANTED-^Respectable, neatly dressed woman j
for commercial position; salary and ex(«nGes. j
Box 898, Call. - i; ¦¦¦:
SEWING Machine operators wanted at Levl
Strauss & Co.'s overall factory, 32ft Fremont
st. Apply to MR. DAVIS.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office, WOO Flllmore st.
A ERANCH offlce for Call advertisements ana
subscriptions has been established at 1091
j Valencia st. *
HELP AVANTED-MALE.
MURRAY & READY...:.. PHONE MAIN 084S
Leading Employment and Labor Agents, ¦ '.
WANT 7 A. M. WEDNESDAY
I WE SHIP WEDNESDAY AND PAY FARE 1
j for 50 tkmakers, 9c to 12c, tools and provls- I
i Ions furnished and fare paid;' 830 woodchop- I
| pers for all -parts of California, f 3. S2 50. $2 '
and $1 per cord, tools . and provisions, fur- .
nlshed on some places. : / ¦ •
Hlngle-hand miners....' Carriage painter]
Farmer and wife.. Farm hand* and choreboys !
A— HOTEL DEPARTMENT..........'........... I
j Butcher, country shop: cooks , for hotels, j
* boarding-houses and - ranches; . waiters, $ 10 j
week and S30 per month and found; cook and j
wife. MURRAY & READY, 634-636 Clay st. v
AT C. R. HANSEN & CO.'' i . 'Phone Grant 185.
RAILROAD WORK,
. TEAMSTERS. "¦¦"'' "
: — LABORERS. — — '¦
. _ TUNNELMEN. ¦
FREE FARE : FREE FARE.
C. R. HANBKN & CO,n04 Geary st
A— 1 LATHER and . 1 plasterer - for • country,
foreman for planing mill.' 1 hardwood ¦ bench
hand. 1 wood turner. 1 shaper. hand, boss
plumber for large Job: all non-union. Me-
chanics' Registration Bureau, 410 Kearny st,
room 9. - . ¦ . „
JOURNEYMEN Barbers' = International Union
free employ, bureau : only recog. union bar-
bers. 115 Turk; tel. Folsom 1583. I. Less, sec;
BARBERS' Progressive Union— Free * employ-
. ment. H. Bernard, Sec. 104 7th: tel. Jessie 1B2.
JOURNTSTMEN Barbers' Union. 5 148, meets to-
nlght 115 Turk st.. 8:30 p. m. I. LESS, Sec.
WANTED— Steady, reliable man partner to at-
tend cash counter and- bar In • factory dls- '
trict; No. 1 chance; $400 required; apply to 1
day. Mclaughlin & co. mvi Market st. ;
FIRST-CLASS ladles', tailor to buy a well es-
tabllshed "Ladles' . Tailoring" in Oakland;
good location; will sell at a bargain. Partlc-
ulars at M. ROTHCHILD'S. C26 Sutter. 8. F.
WANTED — 100 men to take rooms.' 10c," 16c and
„•' 20c. Boston ' House, $30 Howard st. :
BOY of good habits ' about 16 years old for
men's furnishing store. 424 Kearny st. -
BOY to carry newspaper on Nob Hill. Apply
after 3 o'clock at" 416 Austin ave. .
EXPERIENCED cutter for ladies' shirt waists;
steady work. BAUER BROS. & CO.. 21 San-
some st. . ¦ . ¦•¦-¦»¦- ,)'¦•;
WANTED— A cook." Apply, at 101J Battery
i street. . -. . ' ,
WANTED— Good -.vegetable . man ; , .must know
a little about cooking. S Jackson »L '
WANTED— A good* restaurant"- waiter. * 1550
¦ Market 8t. •'• -. V. ; .-¦ ; fy ¦ V-'-\' v;.,';n> j <-..?..-i'
$150 — 3 CHAIR barber shop on Fourth st.; good
trade. Box 893. Call office.. -:-¦;., :. ;.
' DISHWASHER for small place. : 425 BurU St. . ;
WAITER wanted; "must carry, trays i and do
. porter, work. 37 Eddy. : .
¦ BEDMAKER; elty. .; Box 892. - V ' ' — \
ROOMS TO LET— Faro.' s_d TT»fwrsu
LAS PALMAS. 182OAIarket st-^gulte of I or I
rms.; private; bath; sin, ran.: board optional. ,
LEWIS place. lS-Furnished and unfurnished
rooms to let; single or en snlte.
NEW ARLINGTON. 1015 Market St.— Nicely
furnished rooms. $2 a week up: 3oc a day up.
O'FARRELL. 20— Sunny furnished rooms ard
offices: elsvator; elactric lights; day, wa.. mo.
ROYAL House. 12« Ellis st.— Incandescent light:
reading-room, smoking-room and ladles par-
lor: rooms, per night. J5c to $1 50; week. $2 to
¦ $3: month. $S to $30: elevate on ground floor j
rooms with hot and cold water: baths.
RO3BDALE House. «9 and 321 Ellis St.— Rooms.
night. 25c to $1: week. $1 25 to $4: open night.
6HERMAN Apartment House. 23 Eighth li-
near Market — Furnished or unfurnished.
SUTTER, !20',i— Changed hands: newly reno-
vated; single room*. $S: suites. $12 to $25 mo.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2;oo Flllmnre st.
ROOMS AND BOARD.
AT the eld Stevenson mansion, opp. Orae*
Church, with annex 807 California st.. may
be found a most exceptionally good table, at-
trartfy* wr-* ptyhtiv rooitu wt rir»<*e*t raten.
ROOrtS AXD DOARD WAITED.
GENTLEMAN wlshe« room. ,breakfa«t and
dinner In private family: state price. Bos
834, CaU office.
SPECIAL NOTICES.
BAD tenants ejected for $4: collections sad*;
city or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION CO..
41*. Mcnti"— »t «t.. r^rr* MQ; tel. 5580.
_ SLOT MACHINES.
SLOT machines— Latest style: $49 each. 1157
Market st.. bet. Seventh and Eighth.
STpRAGBASDJWAUEU^WESL
WILSON BROS., storage and moving; covered
vans. Tenth and Market; phone South 762.
BEKINS Van and Storage Co.. 722 Mission st:
tel. Main 1S40: shipping at cut rates.
SE\VI.\G MACHI.VES AXD SUPPLIES.
ALL kinds bought, sold and repairing guaran-
teed. Charles Plambeck. 1915 Mission, nr. lita.
ALL kinds bought, sold, rented, exchanged, re-
paired; open even.; phone Black 1124. 2C5 4th.
BOUGHT, sold, rented, repaired; needles and
shuttles reduced rates. 145 6th: phone Mint 3.
TYPEWRITERS AXD SUPPLIES.
GREAT BARGAINS IN TYPEWRITERS— wi
sell better machines for less money than any
house In the city: rentals. $3. The Typewriter
Exchange.' S36 California; telephone Main 2m.
ALWAYS bargains in typewriters; any make.
Write for prices to L. & M. ALEXANDER.
110 Montgomery st.
WASTED TO LEASE. '
WANTED— Ey a responsible party, to lease for
a term of years a suitable building with
plenty of light for a machine shop downtown;
would lease with an option to purchase at
the expiration of lease. Address with full
particulars box 33T3. Call.
DIVIDEND NOTICES.
A DIVIDEND in liquidation of 3 per cent oa
all deposits has been declared by The Califor-
nia Savings and Loan Society, payable on and
after Friday. December 14, 1900, at the ofHc*
of the society. Mills building, 2d floor, room
28. CHA8. P. FARQUHARSON. Secretary.
DIVIDEND NOTICE— Mutual Savings Bank tf
San Francisco. S2 Post st.— For the half year
ending December 31. 1300, a dividend has b«en
declared at the rate of three (3) per cent per
annum on all deposit3. free of taxes, pay-
able on and after Wednesday, January t,
1901. GEORGE A. STORY. Caahler.
HUMBOIJ3T Savings and Loan Society. 14
Geary St.— The directors have declared a divi-
dend of S'<i per cent per annum on Its de-
posits, payable on and after January 2, 1901.
ERNEST BRAND. Secretary.
' DIVIDEND NOTICE— Dividend No. 113 (fifty
cents per share) of the Oceanic Steamship
-Company will be payable at the office of
the company, 327 Market st.. on and after
Wednesday. January 2. 1901. Transfer books
close on Wednesday. December IS. 1900. at >
o'clock p. m. E. H. SHELDON, S«cy.
SAN Francisco Savings Union. S33 California
St.. corner Webb. For the half year ending
with the list of December. 1900. a dividend has
been declared at the rate per annum of thrso
and six-tenths (3 6-10) per cent on term de-
pesits and three (3) per cent on ordinary d*-
pcslts, free of taxes, payable on and after
Wednesday, January 2. 1901^
LOVELL WHITE. Cashier.
DIVIDEND Notice — The German Savings and
Loan Sv^iety, 52« California street For th»
half year ending with December 31. MOO. a
dividend has been declared at the rate ot
three and one-quarter (J^i) per cent per an-
num on all deposits, free of taxes, payabl*
on and after Wednesday. January 2. 130L
GEORGE TOURNY. Secretary.
BIRTHS— MARRIAGES— DEATHS.
(
Birth, marriage and death notices sent by
mail will not be Inserted. They must be handed
In at either of the (Publication offices and b«
Indorsed with the name and residence of per-*
sons authorized to have the same published.
WILSON— In this city. December 11. 1300. t» t_
wtf» of D. W. 'Wilson, a son.
MARRIED.
ARNDT— McDONALD—In this city. December
23. 1900. by the Rev. H. T. Shepard. Paul E.
Arndt and Jessie McDonald- both of this city.
____ .
Aneello. August Mahoney, Jeremiah
Bowers, Augusta. McClure. Amy
Boyle. James McMurray. Elizabeth
Brackett.Martha. T. Mora. Amanda
Brown, Fred W. C. A. Meyers. David
Browning, Willis- A. MlnvlelJe. Johanna
Burr. Martha O* Byrne. Kate
Counlhan. John Olsen. Vera C
Crowlejr. Florence T. Ra.we. Katl«
Daly. Alice Rhyner. Els!
Doyle, Henry Joseph Spanhack. Hemy
Gavin, Rose Steth. Rosalia
Green. Joseph J. Swain. Norman P.
Haines. Ervln D. Taaffe, William A.
Hall. Nicholas S. Varsl. Rev. Aloystua
Halsey. Annie " Waldier. Arthur
Hammond. Harold O. Walls, Benjamin
Haakell, Mary Ann Weener, Edward
Jansen. Sine w likens. Louis -
Llndsey. William . Wilson. William _
Winter. John IX
ANGELIO-In this city. December U. 1300. A*.
gust Angelio, a native of Hamburg', aged U
years.
C7The funeral will take place to-morrow
(Thursday), at 10 o'clock, from the parlors of
* Valente. Marinl & Co.. 1524 Stockton street,
near Union. Interment I. O. O. F. Cemetery.
BOWERS— In Ocean View, December 25. 1900,
Augusta, beloved wife of J. A. Bowers and
daughter of James and Sarah Patton. a na-
tive of Dumbarton. Scotland, aged 32 years.
BOYLE- In this city, December 23. 1300. James,
relict of the late Annie Boyle and father ot
Edward N., Margaret and James II. Boyle,
Sister M. Serena and Slater M. Luctna. a na-
tive of Queens County, Ireland, aged SO
years and 22 days.
C7 Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Thursday), at 9 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 18M Bush street, thence to St. Mary's
Cathedral, whera a requiem mass will be cel-
ebrated for the repose of his soul, commenc-
ing at 9:30 o'clock. 'Interment Mount Calvary
Cemetery. Please omit flowers.
BRACKETT— In this city, December 23 1M,
Martha Tolman Brackett. beloved mother "of
Eugene and Albert Brackett, a native of Bos-
ton. Mass.. aged 71 years 7 months* and 1J
days, - -. •-¦. :-- : \ _
BROWN— In this city, December 23, 1300. Fred-
erick w. C. A. Brown, beloved husband of
Henrietta H. N. Brown. M. D.. and father of
Harry. Nlckolas and Walter Bothwell Brown,
a native of Germany, aged CS years 1 month
and » days.
icy Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Wednesday), at 12:30 o'clock, from the par-
lors of the Western Addition Funeral Direc-
tors. 2J2S California street, between Fillmor*
and Stelner. thence to Memorial Hall. Odd
Fellows* building, corner Seventh and Mar-
ket streets, where services will be held un-
der the auspices of Apollo Lodge No. Hi.
I. O. O. F. Interment Odd Fellows' Ceme-
tery.
BROWNING— In this elty. December aDM.
- Willie A., beloved wife of William H. Brown-
¦ Ing, a native of Downey. Cal.. aged 25 yean
11 months and 1 day.
BURG— In this dty. December 2S. 1900. Martha.
beloved mother of William and Annte Burs, a
- native of Mississippi, aged 43 years.
COUXIHAN— An anniversary requiem mass
will be Celebrated for the repose of the soul
of the late John Counlhan at St. Charles Bor-
• romeo Church, corner of Eighteenth and
Shot well street*, to-morrow (Thursday) at »
o'clock. Friends are invited to attend.
CROWLHT— In this city. December 23. 1300.
Florence T.. beloved son of the late Char!?a
and Margaret Crow 1 "*. an<1 brother of Tim-
othy A.. Charles. Katie and John Crowley
and the late Mrs. T. Orange, a native of San
. Francisco, aged 23 years 6 months and 18
days. , ¦b^BbMBBssWM
" C7Fri<"nd» and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Wednesday).' at 9 o'clock, from the parlors
of the United Undertakers. 17 and tt Fifth,
street, thence to St. John's Church, formerly
: Old St. Mary's College, where a requtam high
mass will be celebrated for the repose ot Ms
' soul . at 10 o'clock. Interment Holy Cross
Om*t«ry. p4sssVsjfssjsasjssSBniaBSs]sjB)|
DALT- In this dty, December SB. 1900. Alice,
beloved wife of James H. Daly and mother of
Bully Margaret Daly and d>nght_ U lUr,
HELP WANTED— MALE.
WANTED-^-Popular man "employed in the me-
, chanlcal department of the Union Iron Works
to represent us during his leisure moments;
$100 ' per week ¦ for ¦ next year - can easily ' be
made ¦ by , right party. Address In ; confidence
box 3908. Call office. .-.
BARBER'S good-paying B-chalr shop; .central
I location ; * old established place; a bargain.
DECKELMAN BROS.. 106 Ellis st.'
EXPERIENCED | young man to drive butcher
wagon; $8 per week. People's Mkt. 2599 Mkt.
COATMAKER wanted. 34 Hayes street
FIRST-CLASS carpenter for steady lob who
will, buy houae on Installm't. Box 8993. Call.
TOUNG man to drive milk wagon; German
preferred. 816 Treat ave. ¦
GET your shoes half -soled while waiting; 25c
to 60c. 662 Mission St., bet. 1st and 2d sts.
WANTED— Recruits for the Marine Corps, U.
8. Navy, able bodied unmarried men of good
character, between the ages of 21 and 26; not
lean than 6 feet 4 'inches and net over 0 feet
• 1:. inch lnt height; able to read, ¦ write, and
speak Englich. For further Information ap-
ply at' the Marine Rerrulting Offlce, "40 Ellis
St.. San Francisco. Cal. .".-'¦'--.¦.¦'¦'
MECHANICS, engineers, electricians, firemen.
free scholarship In engineering. will be award-
ed a few well-recommended applicants. Am.
School of .Correspondence. -Boston. Mass. ,.-.."".
GOVERNMENT positions— Don'f. prepare for
' Civil Service < examination vwithouf Illustrated
catalogue of Information: sentfree. Columbl-
• an Correspondence College,- Washington, D..C.
MEN wanted to learn barber trade;: only eight,
weeks required: position guaranteed: special
Inducements: . catalogue free. 8 MOLER'S
BARBER COLLEGE, 633 Clay it. .
WANTED — Laborers } and , mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkin. Reno House. proprietor, still
runs -Denver House. ' £17 ; Third- St.; .150 large
rooms; ;25c _per:nlght: Jl to S2.perweek.
ALL sizes men's shoes, slightly damaged, half
price.".'. 1>62 Mission st.. bet. 1st and 2d'Sts.
¦- PENSIONS— J. ¦ H. Shepard & Co..' old reliable
firm, "606 Market, room 40, Phelan building.
MEN to learn barber trade. 741A Howard Bt.. !
S. F. Barber School. j
SAILORS, ordinary seamen and green hands; |
all parts of ..world: HERMANNS. 20 Steuart.
GENTLEMEN'S suits to, order. $1 per week, at
cash prlre«>. N. Y. Tailoring Co.. 113 Kearny. |
WINCHESTER House. 44 Third St.. near Mar- i
kct: 700 rooms. 2.1c nlRht: reaflln^-rooms; free I
'bus nnvl J^agcBKe v to and from ferry." ' j
CLASSIFIED •orlv»>r:Ir;e>r.«"nts and subscriptions ¦•
received at Call bra noli ofllce. 22U0 Illhnore^st. i
A BRANCH of floe, for Call advertisements nni \
Bubscrlptlons has been establibbed at 1096 !
Valencia st. " .' " ¦_ - . . - !
CHEAPEST and bcrt In Anv>rtra-=-Tfce Weekly !
<^all. ¦ 18 vapeR. pent to any w addre«S' In -the
United PtntPS. or Canada—one, year for tl.!
pof!tajr<» nnld. • \' ¦¦', -..-. ¦" •• •'/>¦¦ ¦' \ .:"'
:-''¦¦': i\v.i\iu:yJu *}¦;>'•* ;¦- '.'
ANY cayeTf PllcsT'PiTes. PiTeF. pTlesT'ovTr 7^
permanent cures among business men -of; Ran
Francisco alone; men who can be interviewed; .
no surpery. salvs or ointments;, no Interfer-
ence with business 'lurln* treatment. For lui--'
ther part'Ciilarfi n>1il t r*hvFlr'sn.' h*>x ISSft, r* n >j.
; HOUSES. LIVK MlfCK, nio— -For Sill e I
40 HORSES . for sal*; also wagons, buggies, i
carts, harness. Grand Arcade Horse Market. I
3-7 Sixth Bt. ;*-auctlon sales every Wednesday, j
SULLIVAN & 1JOYLK. Auctloneerw.
HOl'SKS 'I'd I.liT.
A— PKINTFU L'tST lloujes to let: send .'or cir-
cular. O. « .TMHPEN A- CO.. 14 Mo«t«»>m«rv.
HVl'.NOTISM.
PROF. RAYMOND-Strlctly reliable: teaches
hypnotism In five lessons for $i, »37 Market st.
¦^^ —— »»——»<— 1»^— i
INVALID* CMaVks A>1» XJCIU > CLK.S. !
BOLD snd rented; ttianfr. of the F.ames trtey'*
rtair. EaMF.S Trio—U Co. ?1W MxrV.t .f
'. LOST ANU 1'OliM).
( DOG lost— Liberal reward; very large black and I
I white English fox terrier; name "Todly"; !
; had on collar with three years' dog license.
MRS. R. J. HAVEY. Knole House. 700 Jones. ;
LOST— In Golden Gate Park, black overcoat; j
, red and black muftler In pocket. Suitable re- j
ward will be paid for return to 817 Isabella ;
yst., Oakland.
I LOST— Pansy \ diamond breastpin on | Page or j
Deviradero-zt. Return to 1C2 Baker st. and .
receive reward. • • .
i LOST— On 23d, small workbook; name on first
! page. R. T." Baker; return to 857 Bryant: re- ,
ward $5. ¦.-.•* .>¦.-.". < '
I IX)ST — Irish setter: white breast; license No.
j 2::i. Return to. 1589 Market St.; rev.-ard. ;
; MATUIMOMAL. j
*_¦ _ : J ___ -|
i ALL gentlemen wishing to marry wealthy seed
! 10c lor latest list. MRfJ. HKIITZ. '.% Kill* i.t.
; MKU1CAL'.
I DR. G. W. O'DONNKLL, moved to 1C1S Market, '
i opp. 6th; world-renowned ladles' specialist; j
j safe. Tellable; practiced In San Francisco lor ]
• years; treated thousands of cases successfully;- j
I treatment can be u«d at home; consultation
i free. After all others fall call on him. ;
I MKS. UK. KOHL, J!»7 Market St.. cor. Sixth-
I Safe and reliable ladies' physician; treatment
%b; positive cur«»cuaranteed; when others fall !
consult, free. MKS. PR. KOHL. . j
MRS. DR. WYETH. reliable specialist; 25 yrs.'
successful practice; guaranteed treatment at
offlce, JS: any ailment; heme for patients; con-
j suit free. 942 Pp«t St.. bet. Hyde and Larkln.
1 DR. AND MRS. DA VIKS.* 122S Market— LadleV : ;
I specialists; 32 years" practice; positive cure
1 guaranteed; ladles treated can return same
day; HINDOO HERB home cure; stamps cli.
DRS. GOODWIN, 1007H Market, expert on dls-
eases of women; 15 years' practice in S. F., a
cure guaranteed; $S at office; have cured thou-
sands of cases; unexcelled success; see- free.
MRS. DR. ALLEN. 1035 Market-Ladies ( spe-
. clalist: safe and sure cure. $5: best care; low
fees; when all. others fail consult free. •
LADIES' Home. Remedy Co., 212 Ellin st! Prl-
vate diseases of women; satisfaction guaran-
teed or money refunded; sanatorium. *
DR. WISE, the' ladles" specialist. 1118 Market st.
DR. POPPKff, specialist for 37 years for female
•troubles. 328 Kearny St.; call and see me.
MRS. DR. GWYER. ladles' specialist; home
for patients. C04 Eddy st.- ¦¦¦-¦¦ - ¦-
DR. NO TOT KBE cures disease by herbs;
j- advice free. 704 Sacramento st... near Kearny.
I A WEEK'S news for 5 cents-The ...Weekly Call.
j IS pages. In wrapper, for mallinjr. $1 per year.
! MISCELLAMCUt'%— 1'Uh.^AL. .
! BOILERS, Engines, Zd-han'd* machinery." Me-
! 1NTOSH & WOLPMANV 193-197 Fremont »t.
j 13ARS. back bars, mirrors, showcases, counters.'
i linoleum, new and ; second-hand ; we ! t lwtiya
j have a large stock of saloon outfits on hand;
S3 complete outfits on one floor," ready made'
•we" can- ship In 24- hours.;.. J.
NOONAN.- 1017, J019. 1021, -.1023 Mission St.,
above Sixth ;¦ write tor catalogue. ' - i. .
! BUY a brand new typewriter . for . 53 . lown an.l
$5 per month; write for catalogue and pr*.c».
TYPEWRITER? EXCHANGE. 409. California
'st.: rentals, new] machines. 53 per mont.'v
BEAUTIFUL ladles' size.Washburn banjo for
• *10; cost originally $21. UNCLE HARRIS.
' 15 Grant ave. . -; ;"• - . : - -- .
A— BUYS, sells or, rents gear, machinery, ¦ en-
gines, boiler*, water pipes., shafting pulleys.
; etc. \\ r HITEL'AW. 218 Spear Bt.^ -;'. ¦:¦' -•¦.-•¦
PHILIPPINE " curios for. sale. C., 702'.^ Van
Ness ave. . . -'. ¦ .-.
A" 2-STORY cottage at' 315 O'Farrell st. to be
removed. Apply 15 Grant ave.
A— 100-HORSEPOWER engine, boiler.' two-drill
,. air compressors. JARDIXFI'S, 110 Fremont st.
TWO thoroughbred black and tan pups, $20. IT
"Adeline place, off Taylor,, near Post.; . ¦ '
engine, om horsepower, $75; -can be seen
at work.' Shirt ;Ptore. -S35 Valencia st.
2D-HAND steam, -g^l, 'oil, water and air ma-
chinery bought and sold. White. 618 Mission.
BLUB gum piles. for sale., Apply PAUL KEf-
; HER. 20t : Clay St. , ; • ¦ -. ;
PORTABLE' engines, boilers: Iron and wood
planers, lathes ;2d-hand:.J. Burkiy 139 Fealc.
FIRST-CLASS second-hand modern encincs and
boilers bought^ and sold. KROGH Mfg. <:o. .
J'HOTOGRAPHIC ' and . magic • Jantern ; goods
bought, sold, exchanged. 109 Montgomery st.
10-TON Fairbanks • scale i and fire i and ' burglar
.: proof . safe.. 21fii California; St.; ¦ -. .- ¦
8AFE8— New and second-hand. THE IIER-
. MANN SAFE : CO.. '417-423 Sacramento wt. . :
MAGIC ¦. Irnterns. new i. and -; M- h.inij : V moving
. plctt'res. BULLARD & BRECK. : 131 Post st.
SAFEP— New and ¦ second-hand : • all : sixes. THE
UWAT/ra SAFE. 109-111 Market st.. j Ban Fran.
A > WEEK'8«news \ lor: r.c— The -Weekly, Call. 1«
nair»«i. ' In ."wranrer. for ; mailing. : tl-per.year.
..". ¦' ,-; UISCELLAKGODS V WAJtTS.'; -'j." "-.¦¦..
LADIES' '¦ and gents' cast-off clothing boug ht tt
¦old. Sllverman. 984 Folsom; : tel., Folsom 1191.
WANTEP-^Uprtght piano ¦ for : cash. : H.'- L.
"WHITEHEAD, in» Market St. ;
SPIRITUALISM.
MME. MAJORS, gifted spiritual medium,
healer and card reader. 146 Eddy st.
MRS. KOTTER'8 circle to-night, 10c; sittings
dally; ladles 60c. gents $1. 34 Sixth St.. r. IS.
FRIENDSHIP Hall. 335 McAllister— Mrs. C. J.
Meyer, sittings dally; tests to all to-night; 10c.
MRS. J. J. WHITNEY, trance, bus. medium,
life reader, med. clairvoyant. 1164 O'Farrell.
EAKLE, SOC Taylor «t.. corner Ellis— Sittings
dally: seance Sunday. Tuesday and Thursday.
C Mayo-Steers, 11 "H Oak, trance medium;
readings. $1; hours. 1-S p. m. ; te). Howard S27.
CLAIRVOYANTS.
MRS. DR. F. CLARK, the well-known trance
medium. Is permanently located at 1238 Market
St., corner of Oolden Gate ave., rooms 23 and
it; take elevator. Perfect satisfaction guar-
anteed by mall. Send stamp for pamphlet
with epeolal terms. 'Dally and Sunday.
MME. PORTER, wonderful clairvoyant & card
reader, born with double veil— second sight;
diagnoses disease with life r«adtng; ladies 10c;
gents $1; palm, and clalr. sit. $1 SO. 126 Turk.
MME. BERNARD reads life fluently; advice
given in all affairs of life; satisfaction guar-
anteed; 28c up. 17 Third St.. next Examiner.
ISMAR, the Egyptian gypsy clairvoyant and
palmist, permanently located 1148 Market, opp.
6th; private readings dally, 10 a. m. to 6 p. m.
MRS. F. CORNELIA, formerly Mrs. Anthony,
has returned to business; clairvoyant and
card reader; ladles 25c, gents SOc. 46 7th st.
THE Quaker medium and palmist, 1104 Market
et.. corner Mason, parlor 23. '.
MME. SCHAFFER. clairvoyant., card reader;
sittings dally. 448VJ Jessie it.
MME. ZEREDA. the gypsy, is the great palm-
ist and card rearder: 25c. 7 Seventh st.
THE Quaker medium and palmist. 1104 Market
St.. corner Mason, parlor £8.
MRS. CAMERON, clairvoyant, card reader me-
dium: 25c up. £23 Mission St.. nr. 4th: ring bell.
MRS. MELVILLE, well-known clairvoyant, wa-
ter reader, moved to 11 €th; German spoken.
MME. AUGUST, clairvoyant, card reader and
palmistry; truth or no pay; 25c 1149 Mission.
MRS. E. M. DUVAL, clairvoyant and business
medium. 215 Kearny et.. rooms S-10.
MME. RAVENNA reads life fluently: business
advice; names given: 2SC up. 5 Fourth st.
CARPET I1EATIXG AND CLEAXIXfS. j
WHEN you become disgusted with poor work 1
send to SPAULDING'S Pioneer Carpet-Beat-
ing Works. 353-357 Tehama st.; tel. South 40. j
STANDARD, 313 Guerrero — Curtains and bl?.n- '
kets renovated, 25c per pair; carpets cleaned.
3c yd; laying a specialty. Phone Mission 106.
CARPETS cleaned at 3e per yard, laid at Dc.
STRATTON'S. 3 Eighth St.; tel. Jepsie 944.
J. E. MITCHELL. Carpet-Beating and Reno-
%-atlng Co.. 240 Fourteenth st.; tel. Mission 74. |
ADVANCE Carpet-Cleaning Co.. 4C2 Sutter Bt.; !
tel. Main 2S4. GEO. WALCOM. Proprietor.
CONKLIN'8 Carpet-Beating Works. 333 Golden |
Gate ave.: telephone East 126.
CARRIAGES AND "WAGONS.
AN A No. 1 express wagon, single, also light
camping wagon, for *ale cheap. ES2 Mission.
NEW & 2d-hand wagons, buggies, carts & har- I
ness, work A. drlvlnc horses. 15th & Valencia.
CHmOPOpiSTS.
CORNS, bunions, ingrown nails, warts, chil-
blains: painless cure. Dr. Duncan. 415 Sutter.
COLLECTION OFFICES.
GEORGE W. KELLY'S Agency— No charge an-
lees successful. Roor.i S10. 927 Market st.
_______
AT~the ELECTRO-DENTAL CLINIC, 809 Ma£
ket St., cor. 4th. rm. 7, Flood bldg., you can
have your extractions done painlessly; teeth
-without plates our specialty; gold crowns,
$3 00 up; plates, extractions free, $4 E0 up; of-
fice hours, 9 a. m. to 10 p. m. ; Sundays. 9 to 2
p. m. G. W. WILLIAMSON. M.D.; Manager.
A — DISCOUNT of 20 per cent Tor 30 days on all |
plates, crowns and bridgework. See our new j
unbreakable plate, the Rose Pearl, warranted
for 20 years; crowns, $3 60: fillings, COc: plates,
$5. full set; all work painless and warranted.
Chiraco Dental Parlors. 24 Sixth st. J
EIGHT prizes for best crowns, plates, bridges t
and fillings; extractions or fillings by my won- j
derful secret, palnle*:> method; M years' ex- |
perience: no students; advice free; prices •
cheapest and iruara'.iteetf; lady attendants. '
DR. GEORGE \V. LKISK. 20 O'Farrell St. \
DR. LUDLUM HILL, 144* Market, nr." Eleventh !
—No charge for extracting when plates ore '
! made: old plates made over like new; teeth
! from $S per set; extracting, LOc; gas given. j
I THE New York Dentists have moved to 963 j
1 Mission st. cor. Sixth. Consult us on crowns ;
I and bridges; difficult plate work solicited;
j positive painless extraction, COc. ',
! MODERN DENTAL I'ARLORS. J2O8 Market !
I St.; expert extracting, crown and bridgework. ¦
! A. L. SIMPSON. P. P. S. j
'• PARIS Dental Parlor, 2i5 Kearny. cor. Bu*h— I
I Fu " * et ot teeth - * 4: 'Towns. C; fillings, 25c ¦
i VAN VROOM— "Painless': ; evenings and Sun- |
j days. 1001 Market St.. corner Sixth. j
i SET of teeth without plates. DR. H. G. j
j TOUNG. 1S41 Polk st. J :
! CHEAPEST and best In America— The Weekly >
J Call, 16 pages, sent to any address in th* ;
' United States or Canada one year for $1. !
postage paid. . «. !
DEPILATORY.
O. C. C— A harmless liquid for permanently
removing superfluous hair; will not Irritate.
burn nor polscn the most delicate skin: agents
wanted. Ontario Chem. Co.. ae'er. 426 Ellis. >
i DRESSMAKERS AND SEAMSTRESSES
McDOWELL Dressmaking and Millinery School;
I patterns cut; evening class. 1019 Market st.
ACCORDION pleating factory: all kinds. pleat-
lng. pinking. 121 Post.over O'Connor &. Moffatt.
DRESSMAKING: reasonable nrices: dresses
made over: perfect fit. 887 Geary st.
EDUCATIONAL.
CAL^FbRNIA^BUsiNESS^bLLEGE has posi-
tions guaranteed to It by written contract,
and can therefore with confidence guarantee
positions to all Its graduates. SOS Larkln st.
ALL students but two taking full course this
year got positions. SAN FRANCISCO BUSI-
NES8 COLLEGE. 123S Market St.
ATRES* Business College. 723 Market St.— Day
and evening; $S per month; $50 life scholar-
ship guarantees a comolete business educa-
tion. Including the commercial and shorthand
courses; 154 positions secured for our students
during the past 5 months: catalogue free.
GALLAGHER-MARSH College, Parrott Bldg.—
Shorthand, tj-plng and bookkeeping; Robert F.
Gallagher, expert court reporter, teacher of
ehorthand; reportorlal phrasing taught; prac-
tical bookkeeping, full course, $50; catalogue.
HEALD*S BUSINESS COLLEGE. 24 Post St..
S. F. — Bookkeeping, shorthand, .typing, lan-
guages, telegraphy. English branches, civil,
electrical and mining engineering, etc. ;'- day
and night sessions; new 80- page catalogue free.
EVENING SCHOOL, S~F. BUSINESS COL-
LEGE. 1236 Market St.: individual Instruction
in bookkeeping, shorthand, English branches;
civil service coaching; tuition f5 month, t
A— THE LYCEUM, an accredited preparatory
school for the university, law and medical col-
leges; references. President Jordan or any
Stanford professor. Phelan building.
MISS M. O. BARRETT. Shorthand Academy;
lessons by mall; acknowledged by official' re-
porters best teacher, best system. 302 Montgy.
, ATTENTION!— Tarr's pupils thorough book-
keeping figures; short time; college graduates
perfected; expert accounting. 220 Parrott bid.
ENGINEERING, civil, elec., minlng.mech., sur-
vey, assay, cyanide, arch. ; day. eve. ; est. U64.
VAN PER NAILLEN SCHOOL. 9M Market.
PIANO, hist, of music. French and German.
MME. PRILL, T. M. a A. bldg.. 5th floor.
MUNEON, School Shorthand. Typing Bookkeep-
ing, Spanish. 117 Monfy. E. M. Carpenter, pr.
TEACHERS' A*rcy. A.McNlell,Mgr..r. 31, Flood
bldg.; high school.* grammar, private teachers.
MR. and MRS. D. MANSFIELD, music studio,
violin, guitar, mandolin, banjo. 1826 Eddy st.
ILLUSTRATION— PA RTINGTON' 8 DAY and
ILLUSTRATION; night class. 424 Pine at.
• ARITHMETIC, bookkeeplnr, grammar, writing,
etc.. day or eve.; $5 mo. 1024 Mission, nr. 6th.
CHEAPEST and best In America-The Weekly
; Call. 16 pages, sent to any address In t ho
United States or Canada one year for >1.
EMI'L>nfMEXr OFFICES. ~~
'¦ A— JAPANESE and Chinese employment con-
tractor; estab. over 10 years; all kinds help.
421 Post St.; near Powell; telephone Bush 125.
JAPANESE responsible housecleanlng co.; est.
1870; practical recommend; try them; removed
to 41» Devlsadero; tel. Fell 136. F. HAMADA.
¦ JAPANESE and Chinese = employment ¦ office:
best help. 526 O'Farrell st. ; tel. Hyde 2191.,
1 ABC EMPLOTMENT Office: Chinese. Japan-
; ese help fur. 544 California; phone James 2S01.
,' RELIABLE Japanese-Chinese employment of-
flee; ainklnds help, ilg Stockton ;¦ Main E18S.
¦ ORPHEUM Emplyoment Offlce— Japanese, Chi-
• nete help.426 PoweU,nr. Sutter; tel.Black 6071
i CHINESE and I Japanese I Employment I Otfle*—
Best help. 41IH O'Farrell rt.: teL Bast 42*. "the early morning tides are . given In the left
hand column and the" successive tides' of the
clay In the order of tjceurroncs an to time of
day, the third' time cofunin'Klves-'the last tide
of the day, except when there are . but three
tides, as sometimes occurs. The heights given
are In addition to the, soundings. on the United
States Coast Survey charts. . except -when a
minus sign < — ) precedes the height; and then
the number given jU subtracted from tho depth
given by the charts. The plane of reference
Is the mean of the lower low waters.
TO SAIL..
WEDNESDAY, DECEMBER 28.
A Point in - Poker Law.
Poker players In, Pittsburg will be In
terested In a^ Supreme Court decision
handed down recently. Three Justices 1
agree that; a party engaged In a, game. of
poker cannot recover money, lent. by him
to- another player to satisfy a> gambling
debt espeeiaHy If tho lender of the money
be a winner In a game./ The point In ques- :
tlon was 'raised by the suit of one man to.
recover S92 from another. A game of poker,
took i place . over a • year ' ago i- at the • resi
dence of a -well kmwn attorney >, uptown.
At "Its conclusion • one 'player- owed "the
table 192," which h« waa unable ' to pay. ;
He got another ' player ¦ to ' advance, the
money, promising « to . pay ' him : in • a ; few
davs. He never a settled ."and suit A was
brought. The defendant said he "would
SUPPOSED FREE LUNCH
WAS TTTK TtP'.A-R.-FiyP TVnr.AT.
Oakland Man Carves His' Thumb
Joint Instead of Tempting
' Roast Beef. .
OAKLAND. Dec. 25.— William Speirs of
263 Sixth street paid for a free lunch yes
terday by the loss of his thumb. SpelrV
stepped into • a Twelfth-street saloon and
was slicing a cut from a' juicy roast of
beef when the sharp carving knife slipped
and' cut through the flesh of < his ' right
thumb,- Injuring the bone- so seriously
that it was found necessary to amputate
It • in order to prevent blood • poisoning. /
The injured man left the Receiving Hos
pital, where the operation was performed,
remarking that his free lunch cost him
-more.than any - meal < he had ever par
taken of. * '¦
HOTEL <¦ ARRIVALS.
GRAND HOTEL.
A J Turllch, Auburn t
C N Rand & wf,. Cal
A. Fl bush. Oakland
I E Sullivan, Rio Vista
W H Crooks. Coallnga
H P. Schward,' Colorado
George Mason,' Sulsun
TRDe Lappe, Modest
J Joneen ; Jr. Fresno
Mr» W A Holbln. Cal
J T Elliott, Cal -
J S Klest, Nome
S Soule, Cal • ;'
J C Odell, Spokane v 7
DM Drunklller & son,
Spokane ¦
S P Shorrocks & w, SD
W Dolan, - Sacramento
H Sherman, Boulder Cr
M Mayer, Portland
Mrs C O Gilbert. Spok
Dr HNWlnton & w.Cal
C O Shephard,.'Wls
Dr Foster & dau, Cal
G Ber*,- Panoche
J T Grejrs. Portland
C H Hllfiard & wf . NY
Mra Bevis & dau LA
J.D Blddle, Hanford
C C Crystal, Vacaville
w-H Simpson & wf. 111
JT K Casbjn & trf. l A
Dr B R Ward, U 8
Mrs J Nelglick, Chlcag
J Nashan St wf, Jo«»
Leo Myers. Brookfleld
U 5 Evana ." Santo M.
f 5J atter - Valley Spr
S P Shorrock« v & wf,
Dr B W Doyle, Fresno
R S Fisher, Stanford
E Oilman. Stanford
|«,K Baldwin. Stanfonl
R A Edmonds & wf.Cal
A H Morse & wf, Vlljo
Mrs Richards, Sta Rsa
J^E Harper Reno
LNScammond AW.Brk
R E Field, Stanford
CM Bradley, Stanford
O .T Watson & wf, Cal
D Meyers/ Reddlnr
|J FlUlus, Redding
, NEW WESTERN.' HOTEL."*-..
Thos '¦ Anderson/ H i I ~ -
E Edwards, Salt Lake
H JElUott. Mo
!• C Bedlent & w. Ill
Mrs A- Robinson. Cal
Bella HlUder. Gllroy
E i Sherman. Sacto
M J Randall. Sacto '
Jas Moron. Sacto
N Drake, Valleio
B J e Lund. Valiejo
Peter ; Le\"ins, ¦ Cal , .
B , Cruz . & .. w. Loa ' An
E K Duncan. * S Kosa
J W - Bowman, -"Vallejo
W-N-TeKry,- Ohio .-..}«<
A Hugrhes. ' Benicla
CW Spauldlnc, Cal
O B Roche. Colgate
E Honeyman, Baden -
IV- Wright. San Joe*
T Bautter. San Jose
F L Beals. Ohio v
r-B Waited Fresno
Dr Carmichaal. Cal
A P 'Brown. ¦; Merced ,
L C Stlllman & w. Pa
L B sBurdick . & ; w, . Pa
W S Avila & w. HIT
W.- C ' Burre. Neb ' ' -." -
Joe CamDbeU.'rPlttsbg
H Lane. Peorla ¦¦**
PALACE ¦ HOTEL.
E W Mason. Bakersfld
B A \Tullson.', Leadvlle
A B • Sanford.* Kans C
F , H * Yoat. • Sta nf ord '
3'C Chase. ' Los > A n k :,',
W,' O- Krohn." Chlcagtv
E Chllberg-. .Seattle -»
R 8 Fisher, c Stanford
JL 8 < Keigt.. Nome • .
F L Moore.jNY "
A C ".Harmon.* Cal '
JjPWltmark. N Y
S '' A Marner." .- X T -'- - •
B 'Croweli.. Cleveland
F.Kelsel. Sacto - .
O »Lusson. J New York
Mm r'HjOj Stevenson,
Menlo>Park^«f > .-
Hiss . Stevenson, ; Menlo
O M ! Henry. N-T" •
Robert; Henry,; NT
Albert ? Henry. : N ' T :
J E Gates. N,T-. ;
L K ; Baldwin.- Stanfd
-Servants in Germany have their "char
acter books" duly, stamped by the police,
and in these' are written full particulars
of, their conduct when •; in servloe. The
employer keeps the book until the servant
leaves, when it is handed . over, after an
account of the servant's behavior and the
reason for; leaving, have been entered.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call.
1118 Broadway. Dec. 25.
Congressman Victor H. Metcalf has tele
graphed from Washington, that nothing
can be done toward getting an appropria
tion for the Oakland water front mto the
river and harbor bill until the investigat
ing engineers make an estimate of the
cost of the desired improvements. , jj
Unless this report reaches Washington
in time to have an amendment inserted
while the bill Is up before the House, Mr.
Metcalf, .j-ays he will have to make his
fight before the Senate Committee and
endeavor to have It inserted Into the bill
before it is sent back to the House., As
the bill row stands it contains no refer
ence to Oakland.
The Improvement asked for is of vital
and pressing Importance to this port. It
Is the deepening of the harbor to a mini
mum of twenty-five feet at low tide, so as
to allow the docklne of the large* t sea-,
going vessel!. Unless this Is done at once
great loss .will result to Oakland's ship
ping interests.
An important deal just consummated il
lustrates the sudden change taking place
along the water-front. This Is the award-
Ing of the contract for repairing the steel
revenue cutters Bear and Rush at the new
yards of Boole & Son at the foot of
Adeline street. There ' Is unprecedented
activity In shipbuilding all along the es
tuary: . New keels are being laid every
The Pacific Mail . Steamship Company
will soon be ready to carry Into . effect' its
plan for handling freight at IX3ng^\ harf
instead of on the San Frartelsco side. The
company announces that no passengers
will be taken or landed. on ahe- Oakland
elde. and that all freight- consigned . to
Ban Francisco will be nandled there as
formerly. It- is further stated, however,
that the great bulk of their freipht will
tfome and go by way of Oakland, aa it
No . Appropriation Can Be
SecuredUntil Engineers
Report. .
METCALF WORKING
FOR THE HARBOR
EABXY PROSPECT OF AN
IMPROVED COXTNTY ROAD
Supervisors of Alameda and Contra
Costa Counties Flan Better
Intercommunication.
.OAKLAND, Dec,'" 25.— Supervisor-elect
James Stowe of Contra Costa County was
in. Oakland yesterday conferring with the
newly elected: members , of . the Alameda
County Board,- wltlr* a ¦ view _ toward . Im
proving the roads between the two coun
ties.
The matter has been the subject of
much, controversy In the past, and Super
visor Stowe is confident of ' arranging- an
early settlement of the difficulty to the
satisfaction of the farmers of both com
munities, .who are much In need -of better
facilities for intercommunication. Mr.
Stowe has outlined a route . by;. which a
road can be -built with no grade exceed
ing 5 per cent.
have paid : the money* but that he was
annoyed because some one had told all
his acquaintances of his losses. He Bald
that over $1000 was due him in poker debts,
which he never tried. to collect. Under the
laws of the State he claimed the money
was a gambling debt,. and was not recov
erable. The Supreme .Court heartily
agreed with hlin.— Pittsburg Dispatch.
NOTE— In the above exposition of the tides
¦i - . . . ¦ -. ¦
consists almost entirely. of thorough ship
ments.
Salv strnr El Salvador, Taylor, Acajutla..
Stmr Iaqua, Bash, San Pedro. " .
Br ship Hutton Hall. Thurber. Queensto'"
. MISCELLANEOUS.
TELEGRAPHIC.
PORT TOWXSEND— Arrived Dec 25— Schr
Reporter, from Grays Harbor; put in here,
deckload (rone, waterlogged. It Is reported thftt
th*> G«r ship Carl, from Tacoma Dec 5. for
Queer.Ftown. put Into P6rt Angeles, leaking
through deck.
¦ VICTORIA— Sailed Dec 25— Tug" for the Cape,
to pick tip schooner reported lost, deck leaking
and badly damaged (supposed to be schr Re
porter, now at Port Townsend). .
POIXT LOBOS. Dfcc 25, 10 P. M.— Weather
cloud}-; wind calm. • • . s^
- DOMESTIC PORTS.'- - t
EUREKA— Arrived Dec 25— Stmr Brunswick,
hence Dee 24; stmr Weetport, hence Dec 24;
stmr Pomona, hance Dec 24; stmr Del Norte.
from Coos Bay; schr O M Kellogg, hence Deo
20. ...
ASTORIA— Arrived Dec 25— Br ship County
Roxburgh, from Shanghai.
- SAN DIEGO— Arrived Dec 25— H it S Pheas
ant, from . .. . ¦ • . ¦
TACOMA— Arrived Dec 25— Schr F 8 Redfield,
from Port Los Angeles; schr Ethel Zane, from
Ean Pedro.
Sailed Dec 24— Stmr Victorian, for Skagway.
PORT TOWNSEND— Arrived Dec 25— Bark
Agate, hence Dec 9; bark Tidal Wave, from
San Pedro; Br ship Falkland, from San Diego.
PORT LOS ANOELBS— Arrived Dec 25— Stmr
Ma.ttea.wan, hence Deo 23; stmr Greenwood,
from Greenwood.
TRANSATLANTIC STEAMERS.
SOUTHAMPTON— Sailed Dec 25— Stmr Ken
sington, from Antwerp, for New York.
NETW- YORK— Arrived Dec 25— Stmr Amster
dam, from Rotterdam and Boulogne..
¦ , .,
Sun, Moon and Tide.
United States Coast and Geodetic Survey-
Times and Heights of High and Low
Waters at Fort Point; entrance to San
Francisco Bay. Published by official au
thority of the Superintendent.
NOTE— The high and low waters occur at tho
city front (Mission-street wharf) about twenty
flve minutes later - than at Fort Point; the
height- of- tide Is the same at both places.
EEAI ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
•
Peter "Forzanl to John J. and VUtoria Gart-
baldi. lot on N line of Union street, 105:0% W
of Franklin. \V 27:6 by N 137:6; $1500.
Estate of Mary A. McHaffle, by James Mc
if&.fhe, executor,' and John F. and James Mc-
Haffle to Charlotte Glein, lot on SW corner of
Waller and Buchanan streets,. 8 30 by W 90;
$3500. I
¦ Emllle Lyons to Charles M. Llnd3ay. lot on |
Jf line of Filbert street. 31:9 E of Steiner. W
31:9; X 120. E 43:6. SW 122; »23<iC.
Estate of Amelia V. R. Plxley, by J. F. D.
Curtis and Union Trujt Company, executors,
to Stephen A. Born. lot on W line of Flllmore
'street. 162:6 N of Green, N 25 by W 91:9; $1400.
Adele Bertrand to Adolph P. -and Anna W.
'Roemer, lot on W line of Ban Carlos avenue
( Jessie), S5 K.of Twenty-first street. N 22 by
W 75; $2500.
Daniel Seales to Frank McGlynn, lot on S
line of Green street, 117:6 E of Dupont, E 2:6,
S 82:6 AV 2:6. S 4:3, W 28. N 18. E 28. N 6S:9;
alBO lot beginning 59:6 E of Dupont street and
C8:t» S of Green. 3 IS by E 24; »1175.
Same to same, lot beginning 82:6 E of Du
pont street and 68:9 6 of Green, 8 18 by E 7
(quitclaim deed); $10. _ „ ,_ _-, . „
Peter J. Moeller to 1. C. Scharff, lotion N
line of Filbert street, 53:1^4 E of Hyde, E 44
by N 137:6; also all Interest In estate of John
Moeller. deceased, No. 15,746; $200.
Lionet S. or Lionel Shaw and Emma O. or
Grace E: Coates to Myra A. Greenwood, lot
on S line, of Mission street, 418:8 E Of Second,
8 80 by E 81:2 (quitclaim deed); $10.
Guy T. Wayman to Robert Dalzlel, lot on
NW line of Minna street, 470:8 NE of Second.
NB 30:2 by NW 80 (quitclaim deed); $1.
Susan B. Jones (Carroll) and Charles S3.
Jones to eame, same; $5503
Andrew and Jane C. Jones to George A-
Hensley, lots 1 to 14. block R. Mission-street
Land Company; $10. ¦
Nora O'Rourk© (wifa of Iiaao W.) to Mary
Schrcy <wife of Henry R.), lot 13. gift map 8;
$160.
Alameda. County.
David B. and Sarah J. Sherman . to "Wallace
M Alexander, lot on SE corner of Eighteenth
and "Peralta streets. E 100:5tf, S 64:9. W 114:6,
N 6-1% NE 60:2 to beginning, being lots 7 and
8 block 603-A. Bagce tract. Oakland; $1500.
Edward P. Flint to Charles D. Batea Jr.. lot
on 9W lino of Santa Clara avenue, commeno
lne with line dividing lots 13 and 14. block J,
Flint Tract No. 4, thence 8E 30. SW to a point,
NW 30 NE 97.62 to beginning, being the.NW
SO feet of lot 13,. block J, of above tract, Oak
land. Jooa - ¦
Same to same, lot on - S corner of Oakland
and Santa Clara avenues, SW 5J.60, SE 160.
E 65.1S. NW ISO to beginning. Oakland; also
lot en W corner of Banta Clara avenue and lot
14, block J. Flint Tract No. 4, thencs BE "53.10;
SW 97.82, NW 67.40. NEW.I8 to .'beginning,- lot
1, portion of lot 2 and all -of lot 14. block J,
above tract, Oakland; 12500. -
J. C Estey to J. 8. Linscott and wife, lot on
W line of Shattuck avenue, 166.43 N of Berkeley
way, N 88.81. W. 90.29. 8 48.71, E 87.64 to begin
ning, Berkeley^ $3000. "
Charles F. Fletter-to Mamie A. Flatter, lot
on B line of Oaic street. 217:6 S of Santa Clara
avenue, N 89:2, H 125, S 89:2, W t 125 to begin
ning, Alarneda; gift. , •
- John W. Tipp to J. M. Halverson, lot on 8
line of Bsterbrook street, 169 W of Hay wards
avenue. W 100. SE 285:6. NE 94, NW 252:6 to
beginning, lots 6 and 7, block 10, of Harlan's
tlon' to a the town of ' San Leandro. Eden
Township; $1000. . .
Builders' Contracts.
Herbert E. Law (owner) with • Mallory Sc
Swenson (contractors), architect Albert Button
—Alterations and additions, excepting, plumb
ing, painting,' Interior hardware finish, man
tels,* marble work, heating, electrio wiring, art
glass, plate glass, mirrors, gasnttlng and In
terior : decorations for : a two-story, attic and
basement frame building on NE corner of Val
lejo street and Van Ness avenue, N 67:8, E 27,
8 7:«, B 35, 8 65, W 62; $7929.
Glacomo Clncotta (owner) with Lulgi Cuneo
(contractor), ; architect N. CavagHa— All work
for a double two-story ' and ' basement frame
building on Kline of Bay street, 172:6 -E of
Taylor. E 48 by N. 187:6; $4700.
Giuseppo V«nto (owner) - with Luigl Cuneo
(contractor),", architect.' N. Cavaglla— All work
for a two- story frama building- and barn or
stable on N line of Bay street, 220:6 E of Tay
lor. E 24. by N 187:6: #1475.
Wiley B. Wilson (owner) with J. • I*. ¦ Wilson
(contractor). - plans furnished by owner— All
work - for *a three-story • and basement frame
building (flats) on E linn of Shrader street, 100
N of Beulah.N 25 by E 135; $7000. ,
I.-- Mag-nln & Co.., corporation ¦ (owner) with
Gustav . Holler and ''Louis Bass (contractors),
architect - A. J.: Barnett-iAlteratlons in and
about ground . floor, and basement and putting
up store fixtures, in' Columbian building, on N
side of * Market street, between . Stockton and
Powell. Nos. 916 to 922 Market and 31, 33, 37, 39,
41. 43 and 53 Ellis: $8134 40. . :
Same owners with John Slmmen (contractor),
architect, same— Glass counter • cases to be
placed In store, for same on same; $1276. .. .
ALL THAT EHOWS OF THE SCOW SCHOONER SUNK AT THE BEALE
STREET WHARF. NO LIVES WERE LOST AND THE BOAT WILL BE
RAISED TO-DAY. .. r - " - ¦: '¦".'¦ Y -
. Ban . Francisco data: Maximum temperature,
55; minimum, 4«:- mean, 50.
WEATHER- CONDITIONS AND GENERAL.
' FORECAST.
The pressure ha»' fallen over the interior of
Washington and "Oregon and . over the Rocky
Mountain region. '.It has rlsen'along the coast
of Northern California and Oregron. An arta of
low pressure Is central in British Columbia,
while the pressure Is highest off the Northern
California coast,
j The temperature chamjes- have been slight in
all districts. "
¦ Generally cloudy, weather prevails over the
country north of the Tehachapl. Ltght rain has
fallen In-- Washington and t>ortlons of Oregon,
and snow in Western Montana, ¦
- Conditions are favorable- for partly cloudy
weather in California Wednesday.
Forecast made at San Francisco for thirty
hours ending- midnight December 26. 1900:
Northern California— Partly cloudy. Wednes
day; fresh northwest wind.
Southern California— *"air Wednesday; light
west ¦wind. . '
Nevadar-Partly cloudy Wednesday.
Utah— Cloudy Wednesday, with snow in the
mountains.
Arizona—Fair Wednesday.
' San Francisco and vtcinitj — Partly cloudy
Wednesday; light to freeh northwest wind.
G. H. WIL.LSON.
Local Forecast Official.
Water Front Notes.
The steamship State of California will
shortly take the run to Puget Sound.
Bhe ¦will replace the eteamship Pueblo,
which will be laid off for repairs.
The steamship Tltanla, that recently
encountered severe weather, will be t&keji
f o-day from Oakland to the Hunters
Point drydock. She is reported to have
received a severe strain.
Ti»e steamship Hyades is now due from
JCew^ York. She is chartered and will car
rv freight from this port to Honolulu for
the American and Hawaiian Steamship
Company,
Shipping: Intelligence.
ARRIVED
.:>.:¦"¦ 1- Tuesday, December 25, l>00.
Stmr Washtenaw, Zelllng, 98 hours from Ta
ccrr.a. .
Stmr 'Whltesboro, Olsen. 15 hours from Green
wood.
¦ Stmr Iaqua. Bash. 23 hours from. Eureka,
bound to Ban Pedro; put in to land passengers.
Stmr Eureka. Je? sen. 22 hours from Eureka.
Etmr South Coast, Olson, 66 hours from Coos
Bay.
Stmr San Pedro, ¦ Zaddart. 24 hours from Ku
t»ka.
. - SAILED.
Tuesday. December 25, 1900.
Stmr Bonlta, JCopander. San Pedro.
Ferry-Boat's Narrow Escape.
The Bay City-had a narrow escape from
a collision with a scow loaded with coal
on the 2 o'clock trip j f rorrK,Oakland yes
terday. ,At the time the ferry-boat left
Oakland there was a dense fog on the
bay. The captain of the boat was pro
ceeding with caution, when sudden
ly In the middle of the bay a big scow
loomed up directly over the bow. The
ferry-boat's engines were reversed just In
time to avoid a severe collision.
'Work at Arch Rock.
"Workmen are steadily employed at
drilling holes in Arch Rock. In a few
days work will be fully completed for the
blowing up of the rock that has been such
a serious menace to navigators.
Tug El Salvador Leaves.
The small tug El Salvador yesterday
started on the long voyage to Salvador.
She will be used towing lighters to and
from the shore in connection with the cof
fee industry. The El Salvador is only a
tug of about twenty. tons and was built
by John Twigg & Sons. She Is com
manded by Captain Taylor and carries a
crew of six men. She will tow down to
Southern America a lighter. The habi
tues cf the water front claim that che
voyage of th* El Salvador is a perilous
ore for so small a craft.
Tug and Scow Recovered
The tug Lottie and the scow Catallna,
both of which sank at Brown's wharf the
early part of last week, were both raised
yesterday and towed to Oakland for re
pairs. The damage to the Lottie was
slight and she will soon be in working
Crew of Vessel Escapes Drowning by : Going Up
Town and Captain Just Saves Himself. ;
THE crew of the scow schooner C.
L». Place had a narrow escape
from death yesterday . morning.
Up to a late hour Christmas eve
the crew of the schooner, six in
number, were busy loading her with coal.
The men were feeling «o good over Yule
tide that they energetically loaded the
boat down with sixty tons of coal where
ehe lay at the wharf at the foot of Beale
street About thirty tons of coal would
have been a good cargo, but the men de
cided that she could stand sixty and that
was an end of the matter, at least for
that night.
After being paid off the men decided
that they would have a time uptown. This
resolution saved their lives. They had
such a good time; that they forgrot the
bcow, and at 9:3') yesterday morning, in
the presence of the captain, "Black Ike,"
the owner, the boat, the C. L. Place, be
coming tired of her load, decided to go
out of business. She sprang- a leak and
rapidly sank. The captain was the only
one aboard and had just time to gather his
wardrobe and abandon the noble craft.
All day yesterday a crowd with melan
choly eyes viewed the masts that were
the only portions of the craft left above
water. The crew has not yet returned
and the members are still having a good
time. The scow will be raised to-day.
FIRES FOUR SHOTS AT JAP.
Brown Man Escapes From Vessel and
Bullets Follow Him.
VonAlatfu N'agure, a Japanese, who ar
rived Sunday from Victoria on the Sena
tor, says h<» was refused admission to the
United States by the Inspector of Immi
gration and was confined on the steamer
to be taken J>ack to Victoria. Yesterday
he made a break for liberty and escaped
to the steamship State of California, ly
ing alongside, and attempted to bribe
fotne of the sailors on the steamer to hide
him. They refused, and the ¦wily Jap
then .returned to the Senator, slipped
down the side cf the ship and started to
run up the Broadway wharf.
The customs inspector on duty ordered
Nature to halt, but this warnine only
made the Jap quicken his pace. The in-
Bpector fired four shots at the fast dis
appearing figure, which had the desired
effect of bringing the Jap to a halt. He
was taken back to the Senator nnd a
close watch will be kept on him in the
future. ¦ .,-' - -- •
SCHOONER G. L. PLAGE SINKS
UNDER ITS TOO HEAVY LOAD
THE SAN FRANC1SQO GALL, WEDNESDAY, DECEMBER 26, 1900.
Weather Report.
,--i (120th "Meridian— Paclflo Time.) '
SAX FRAXCISCO, Dec. 25. 1900—5 p^ m.
i .The following are the seasonal rainfalls to
date,' as compared with those of the same date
laat Season, and' rainfall in last twenty^ four
fco^r«:' • .-¦..¦_•->•• . -V ;¦•¦ -.»•-.
11
Steamer Movements.
TO ARRIVE.
Bun rises 7:24
Bun sets '. ..• • 4:67
Moon sets 10:15 p. m.
O I/Time Tim* Time Time
f ! Ft Ft Ft Ft.
? H \V. L..W H.W L, W
£TT. »:07 6.2 8:31 2.8 2:18 4.9 S:40 0.4
27 '.. 1:48 6.4 »:40 2.1 3:80 4.6 9:28 1.0
it ... 4:30 8.6 10:4$ 1.8 4:51 4.1 10:22 1.6
28 ... 6:15 6.7 11:66 1.0 1:18 8.9 11:19 M
SO ... 6:0J 6.9 1:02 0.4 .7:41 8.8
L W H W ' L W H W
31... 0:19 2.4 6:64 6.1 2:04—0.2 8:56 4.0
1 .. 1:25-2.7 7:61 6.J 2:67—0.6 10:00 4.4
Steamer.. I : From. '¦ ¦¦:¦ I Due.
San Jose........ Aoapulco ....;....|Dec. M
Rainier Seattle & Xew Whatcom! Dec. 26
Grace Dollar... Grays Harbor Dec. 28
Del Norte Portland and Coos Bay Dec. 2S
Arcata Coos Bay... Dec 26
Empire ...... ... Coos Bay. « Deo. 28
Santa Barbara. San Pedro........... Dec. 24
O. \V. Elder ... Portland Dec 28
Corona ..... Newport Dec 24
Robert Dollar.. Seattle ; Dec 26
Santa Rosa .... San Diego......;......... Dec. 27
Point Arena.... Point Arena,..;;....:..-.. Dec. 27
Czarina :.. Seattle and Tacoma Dec. 27
Pomona Humboldt Dec 27
Newburg Grays Harbor Dec. 28
Walla. Walla... Victoria & Puget Sound Dec 28
Curacao ........ Mexican Ports., Dec. 28
W. H. Kruger. Grays Harbor............ Dec. 28
Samoa Humboldt Dec. 23
North Fork Humboldt Des. 29
Mexico ..-• Mexican Ports Dec, 29
Queen San Diego Dec. 3d
Bonita ...... Newport Dec. SO
Columbia Portland and Astoria.... Dec. 31
Peru Panama and Way Ports Dec. 31
Australia ...... Tahiti Dec. 81
Steamer. Destination. Sails. Pier.
8. Portland. Ast'ia & Ptld Dec. 26, 6 pm Pier 23
Senator Seat. & Alas.. Dec. 28, 8 am Pier 9
Empire Cooa Bay Doc. 26, 12 m Pier 18
Zealandla... Honolulu .... Pec. 28, 2 pm Pier 7
Queen San Diego.... Dec. 26, 9 am Pier 11
Mandalay... Coqullle Rlv.. Dec. 27, 10 am Pier 2
Arcata...:.. ICoos Bay.:... Dec 27; 12 in Pier 13
Eureka Humboldt ..; Dec. 27/ Sam Pier 13
S. Barbara. Humboldt ... Dec. 27. 10 am Pier 2
Santa Ana... Humboldt .... Dec. 27, 12 m Pier a
State of CaJ. Vic & P«rt Sd Dec. 27. 11 am Pier »
Rainier Scat. & N. W Dec. 2S, t 8 pm Pier 2
O. Dollar. ... Grays Harbor Dec. 28, ... Pier 2
Colon.: Pan. & "Way. Dec. 2S, 12 m PMSS
Corona.-..'... Newport .... Dec 28, Sam Pier 11
Ft. Arena... Point Arena.. Dec. 29, : 2 pm Pier 2
Amer. Maru China & Jap. Dec. 29, 1 pm PMSS
Pomona Humboldt .... Dec. 29, 2 pm Pier 9
a.. Elder.... Ast'la 4 Ptld Dec. 29, 11 am Pier 24
Czarina..... Seat. & Taem Dec SO, 5 pm Pier • 8
Santa Rosa. San Diego.... Dec: SO, 9 am Pier 11
Samoa Humboldt .... Dec. 81. 10 am Pier 2
Walla Wall. Vic & Put Sd Jan. 1, 11 am Pier 9
North Fork. Huinfioldt .... Jan. 1, 9 am Pier 2
Steamer.
' " '. ..-¦ Last This . Last.
"STATIONS. 24 Hours Season. Season.
Eureka .:.........'.?. :... 20.15 25.36
Ited Bluff............. 8.71 ' 9.79
£acram«nto ...-.,. 8.04 .9.00
San. Francisco.:.... '7.22 ' ',9.67
Fresno .... •" 5.43 * 4.47
Independence :..- .... 2.27 1.67
San Luis Oblspo.... ..:. 8.92 8.33
Los Anjreles.......... 6.79 3.35
Ban Plego.: » ... fc 1.73 -1.83
STATIONS.
Bun rises 7:24
Bun sets '. ..• • 4:67
Moon sets 10:15 p. m.
O I/Time Tim* Time Time
f ! Ft Ft Ft Ft.
? H \V. L..W H.W L, W
£TT. »:07 6.2 8:31 2.8 2:18 4.9 S:40 0.4
27 '.. 1:48 6.4 »:40 2.1 3:80 4.6 9:28 1.0
it ... 4:30 8.6 10:4$ 1.8 4:51 4.1 10:22 1.6
28 ... 6:15 6.7 11:66 1.0 1:18 8.9 11:19 M
SO ... 6:0J 6.9 1:02 0.4 .7:41 8.8
L W H W ' L W H W
31... 0:19 2.4 6:64 6.1 2:04—0.2 8:56 4.0
1 .. 1:25-2.7 7:61 6.J 2:67—0.6 10:00 4.4
Steamer. Destination. Sails. Pier.
8. Portland. Ast'ia & Ptld Dec. 26, 6 pm Pier 23
Senator Seat. & Alas.. Dec. 28, 8 am Pier 9
Empire Cooa Bay Doc. 26, 12 m Pier 18
Zealandla... Honolulu .... Pec. 28, 2 pm Pier 7
Queen San Diego.... Dec. 26, 9 am Pier 11
Mandalay... Coqullle Rlv.. Dec. 27, 10 am Pier 2
Arcata...:.. ICoos Bay.:... Dec 27; 12 in Pier 13
Eureka Humboldt ..; Dec. 27/ Sam Pier 13
S. Barbara. Humboldt ... Dec. 27. 10 am Pier 2
Santa Ana... Humboldt .... Dec. 27, 12 m Pier a
State of CaJ. Vic & P«rt Sd Dec. 27. 11 am Pier »
Rainier Scat. & N. W Dec. 2S, t 8 pm Pier 2
O. Dollar. ... Grays Harbor Dec. 28, ... Pier 2
Colon.: Pan. & "Way. Dec. 2S, 12 m PMSS
Corona.-..'... Newport .... Dec 28, Sam Pier 11
Ft. Arena... Point Arena.. Dec. 29, : 2 pm Pier 2
Amer. Maru China & Jap. Dec. 29, 1 pm PMSS
Pomona Humboldt .... Dec. 29, 2 pm Pier 9
a.. Elder.... Ast'la 4 Ptld Dec. 29, 11 am Pier 24
Czarina..... Seat. & Taem Dec SO, 5 pm Pier • 8
Santa Rosa. San Diego.... Dec: SO, 9 am Pier 11
Samoa Humboldt .... Dec. 81. 10 am Pier 2
Walla Wall. Vic & Put Sd Jan. 1, 11 am Pier 9
North Fork. Huinfioldt .... Jan. 1, 9 am Pier 2
Steamer.
' " '. ..-¦ Last This . Last.
"STATIONS. 24 Hours Season. Season.
Eureka .:.........'.?. :... 20.15 25.36
Ited Bluff............. 8.71 ' 9.79
£acram«nto ...-.,. 8.04 .9.00
San. Francisco.:.... '7.22 ' ',9.67
Fresno .... •" 5.43 * 4.47
Independence :..- .... 2.27 1.67
San Luis Oblspo.... ..:. 8.92 8.33
Los Anjreles.......... 6.79 3.35
Ban Plego.: » ... fc 1.73 -1.83
STATIONS.
Steamer.. I : From. '¦ ¦¦:¦ I Due.
San Jose........ Aoapulco ....;....|Dec. M
Rainier Seattle & Xew Whatcom! Dec. 26
Grace Dollar... Grays Harbor Dec. 28
Del Norte Portland and Coos Bay Dec. 2S
Arcata Coos Bay... Dec 26
Empire ...... ... Coos Bay. « Deo. 28
Santa Barbara. San Pedro........... Dec. 24
O. \V. Elder ... Portland Dec 28
Corona ..... Newport Dec 24
Robert Dollar.. Seattle ; Dec 26
Santa Rosa .... San Diego......;......... Dec. 27
Point Arena.... Point Arena,..;;....:..-.. Dec. 27
Czarina :.. Seattle and Tacoma Dec. 27
Pomona Humboldt Dec 27
Newburg Grays Harbor Dec. 28
Walla. Walla... Victoria & Puget Sound Dec 28
Curacao ........ Mexican Ports., Dec. 28
W. H. Kruger. Grays Harbor............ Dec. 28
Samoa Humboldt Dec. 23
North Fork Humboldt Des. 29
Mexico ..-• Mexican Ports Dec, 29
Queen San Diego Dec. 3d
Bonita ...... Newport Dec. SO
Columbia Portland and Astoria.... Dec. 31
Peru Panama and Way Ports Dec. 31
Australia ...... Tahiti Dec. 81
Santa Fe
Xrai ns~ Dai| y
Leave Market-street Terry Pepot. ;V
Lve. San Francisco. 9:00 a m 4:10 p m 8:00 p m
Arr. Stockton 12:30 p m 7:1» p m 11:06 p m
" Merced 8:4} p m 1:13 am
" Fresno 4:Sw p m 8:0Saza
" Vlsalla (:C0pm t:Uan
" Tulare *:22 p m • 5:13 a iu
" Hanford 5:S3 p m 7:08 am
" Bakersfleld ... 8:50 p in 7:39 a a
" Denver 10:00 am — — - — »
" Kansas City... 6: IS p m
" Chicago 7:40 am
. t a. m. train Is the Overland Express. Corre-
sponding train arrives at < p. m. dally.
4:10 p. m. Is Stockton Local. Correspondlns
train arrives at ll:0S a. m. daily.
8:00 p. m. la Fresno and Baicarsfleld Expresst
wtth Bleeping Cars for both, cities. Correspond-
Ing train arrives at S a. m. dally.
OFFICES— Ul Market st. and la Ferry Depot.
San Francisco; 1113 Broadway. Oakland.
MOUNT TAMALPAIS RAILWAY
Leaves San Francisco, via Sansallta Ferry:
WEEK DATS.. ..1:15 a. nV; 1:45 and 4:00 p. m>
SUN DATS 1:00, 10:00. 11:21 and 1:U p. m.
Fare, San Francisco to Summit aad Return.
$1 40. . ¦ • •
NEW TAVERN OF TAMALPAIS NOW OPEN.
Ticket offices. Cl Market st. 8ansallto Ferry.
OCEAN TRAVEL.
Pacific Coast Steamship Co.
» Steamers leave Broadway
fcv^ wharf, San Francisco:
Is?*?*^ F*°r Alaskan Ports— 11 a. m..
IF^^S*^ Dec - -' 27> Jin - L Cfcaa ?« to
RS'rJjy^^ ccrnpanVs steamers at S«att!«.
fiKl^3V«\l For Victoria. Vancouver (B.
IVA^sWja 1 } C). Port Townnend, Seattl*.
iffliJT I "^1 "~1 1 Tacoma, Kverett, AnacortiX'S
1}L and New rwash.)— .
11 a. m.. Dec. 22. Zt. Jan. 1
and every fifth day thereafter.
Chan** at Seattle for this company's steaniers
for Alaska and O. N. Ry.: at Seattle or Ta-
coma to N. P. Ry.; at Vancouver to C. P. Ry.
Ftor Eureka, Humboldt Bay — 2 p. m.. Deo.
24. », Jan. 3. and every fifth day thereafter. -_
For Pan Diego, atopptna; only at SanU Bar-
bara. Port Loa Ansreles and Redondo fLos An-
reles)— Steamer -Queen. ¦Wednssdays, 9 a. m. :
steamer Banta Rosa. Sundays. 9 a. rn.
For Santa Ctujs. Monterey, Saa Simeon. Cay-
ucos. Port Harford (San Lnls Obtspo), Gavlota,
Panta Barbara. Ventura. Hueneme. Ean Pedro,
East San Pedro (Los Anrelea) and Newport-
Steamer Corona. Fridays, 9 a. m.: steamer
Bonlta. Tuesdays. 9 a. m.
For E?nsenada. Maa;dalena Bay. San Jose del
Cabo. Mazatlan. Altata. La Fas. Santa Rosalia
and Guaymas (Mex.>— 10 a. m. 7th each month.
For further Information obtain company's
folders.
The company reserrvs tne rtzht to enang»
steamers, sailing dates and hours of salltnz
without previous notice.
TICKET OFFICE -4 New Montronjery
street (Palace Hotel). - -
OOODALL, PERKINS A CO.. Oen. A«ents
t0 Market St. San Francisco.
IK 0. B. ft I. GO,
tnSPATCH FAST BTBAJCDtS TO
From Bpear-street Wharf at 11 a. m.
CADt |I2/lrst CIO99 Zzie!nafi>a;~B«rt2tl
rAnt |8 Second Class andMealT
COLUMBIA Balls Dec 24. Jan. S
GBO. "W. ELDER Balls Dec. 29
Short Line to Walla Walls, Spokane. Butt*.
Helena and an points In the Northwest.
Through tickets to all points East.
B. C WARD. Oneral Asretit.
:: '; CO Market tt
TOYO KEEN KAEHi
STBAMERS WTLL LEAVE WHAJIT. COR-
ner First and Brannan streets, at I p. m..
for TOXORAMA and HONOKONO. «f"<"ir a}
Kobe (Hlc%o). Nagasaki and. Bbanshal. and
connecting at Hoogkons; with steamers tor In-
dia, etc. No cargo received on board on day at
!1$. 1! AMERr.CA MARTJ .«
Saturday. December ». 1304
83. HONGKONO MARTJ
/ , ...Tnarsday, Jaaoary 24, 1901
ffi. NIPPON MARU ., —
¦ Tuesday. February 1». 1901
Round-trio tickets at reduced rate*. For
freight and passage apply at -company* a ofnea.
411 Market street, corner First.
W. ,H. AVERT, General Agent.
AMERICAN LINE.
smr to&x. socniAXPToa. toaaoa. mlsxs.
Stopping at Cherbourg, westwotmd.
From New Tork Every Wednesday. 10 a. «,
St. Louis.. Dec 26lXoord!and / ......Jan. II
New Tork Jan. J Frlesland ..Jan. ti
Kensington Jan. 9]Vaderland » Jan. 3d
RED STAR LINE;
New York and Antwerp.
From New York Every Wednesday, . 13 Noon.
Westernland ...Dec 2<? IN'ocrdland Jan. 1«
Westernland ...Jan. 2|Prlesland Jan. S3
Kensington . Jan. 9I3outhwark. Jan. SO
INTERNATIONAL NAVIGATION COMPANT.
CHAS. D. TATLOR.
General Agent Paclflo Coast.
SO Montgomery st. -
VVVU1IIVVIV«VVI DIRECT L1H8 TO TAHRJ.
SS. ZEALAXDIA (Honolulu only) -
December 28. 3 p. m,
63. ALAMEDA. for Honolulu. 8avmnaw New
Zealand and Australia — ...
Wednesday, January 2. 1301. 9 p. rn.
S3. AUSTRALIA, for Tahiti -—
Sunday, January «. 4 p. m,
I D.SPBEGKELS k BBSS. CO., Basra! Inots. 327 Kirtst St
BJn'l Passeogsr 03a, 643 ftrtat SL, Pier Is. 7. Paciflc St.
PANAMA R. R.
To NEW YORK via PANAMA Direct
S. S. R01S0KE sails January 8,
S. S. ST. PAUL sails Jannary 29, .
Frora wharf, foot of Fremont it, at S p, ax,
Freight and passenger office. 330 Market St.
¦ F. y. COXNOR. Paclflo Coast Agent.
C0SPA0MIS 6S5SSALB TS1N3ATL15T1QUS.
DIRECT LINE TO HAVRE-PARIS.
Sailing every Thursday. Instead of <?/ T*%
Saturday, at 10 a. m., from Pier 4X" aB "'™ 1 **
North River, foot of Morton street. FIrst-cIajM
to Havre, $53 and upward. Second class to
Havre, M5 and upward. GENERAL AGENCT
FOR UNITED STATES AND CANADA. «
Broadway (Hudson building). New Tork. J.
S. FTJGAZI «¦ CO.. Pacific Coast Agents. I
lontgomery avenue. San Francisco. Ticket*
sold by all Railroad Ticket Agents. "
•rav a-ktp •RTVT7R smtAMvm.%
: FOB U.-S.IAYY YARD AMD f A11EJ8L
8teonaer "Montlcollo.**
MON., Tues.. Wecl, Thurs. and Sat at 9:<3
a. m.. 3:13, 8:30 p. m. (ex. Thurs. night); Fri-
days. 1 p. m and 8:30: Sundays. 18:30 a. m.: 3
p.m. Landing and of flea. Mission -street Dock,
Pier Na 3. Telephone Main. 130S.
FARB" :...... Stto
nznedy for GonoiThosa,
JClJP LCJirLiTjCl Gleet, Spermatorrhoea,
JB£E&' la \ Xo * dtri-XJl White*, unnatural di*.
MSB Qsanatnd Id char^l , or any lnflatam**
HflsTW not to nrtetarc tion, i riration or nlcer*<
|»> <f PrtTrnu ewmwa. tion -f Dieon menv
i7!alTH£EyMSCH£MiCHC3. branfs. yon-aatringent,
.l2g\GIN»H»TI.0.B| *»"^»7«H«^'
v I^KBkZ ZAF^ h * «*v™»i PMPaJd, lot
*£%Stim* iijeriP&B tl.oo. or 3 bottle*, «2.7x
*»*lmUt8&%>' li Ciz mlar sent oa request!
AleAVOV & CO«.
PUN ERA L DIRECTORS & EMBALME
12*4 Market at.; between Sth and' Sth.
Telephone Bouth :4".
BATLBOAD TBAVEL. >,
; IF YOU GO :EAST with one of
.. the Burlington Overland Excursions
and fall ill, don't worry,
The excursion conductor - has a
medicine chest and will .put you on
v your feet in an hour or two.
From San : Franclteo Tuesdays and Thursdays
— Omaha, Chicago, Kanata City, St Louts— >AL1.
points east. . .
iJj^HJf^T^HJ W. D. Sanbom, Gererml Agant,
l|lJmlLUJlJ| 631 Market Street,
jsHijl|lf|$5BI * San Francfseo.
---.. - •--•¦¦ -- :¦-'- ¦ ¦ '¦- ¦ '• ' ' ¦' ¦ ' --¦-¦ .,,;!' : ; <; .
Dr; Gijbbon's Dispensary,
K-ttrJfn 629 KEAnSY ST. Established
fiHMsslI" 1834 for the treatment: of Private
IK iv^J^g Diseases. Lost Manhood. Debility or
HMKS^BL disease wearlngon body and mind and
7W p|SUd Disep.ses. The Doctorcnres when
Z?^5 HaHothPrs fail. Try him. - Charges low.
JSggSaSasStK'urea guaranteed. Call or write.
Dr. J. C. (iIBBO.\, ban Francisco, CaU" _
HONRY J. GALLAGHER CO.,
to Flannscan *^ Gaflaghert
to Fifth at., opposite Uncoln ScnOoL
Telephone South M.
MOI1THKK!* PAWFIl! COaPlsT.
(FA01H0 ST8TEK.)
Tr«ln« loatve natl ar« «la« (• »rrl»» all
ka.i riuNOiai'o.
(Mala Line. Foot of Market Street) ¦ <*
tSAVi — FRoa DtcPiBgE L 1900. — abuti
•?:OOABeiilc!a. Sirisaa, Elmini, Vaeatllla.
Ramsey »nd .Sacramento *7i(3p
' *7:OOa Shasta Express— Darts, VViUiams(for
' i. Bartlett BpriogB). Willows, Bed
BluS, Portland. 1M»
•7t3»AMaxtiuez,SanHamon.ValleJo.Naps, _
CalUtoj* and Santa Rosa ¦•ilW
•8:OOa Darin. Woodland. Kni(hta Landinc
M »r j ari 1 le. <>ro»Ille_ •Ti«»»
•9:00a Atlantic Kxpress — Ogden and East •¦*€•»
*8:0ttANnes. LlTermore, Tracy, Lathrop,
Stockton nilS*
•Si«Oa San Jose, Liiermore, 8toektdn.
-•.¦;- Ioue. Saeratnento. FUcerfUle,
Marys* II1«. Chioo. lted Uluff Mililr
•«:3<»a OaSsdair. Chinese, donor*. Carters... *4il»t
•<JjO»a Hajirarda, Nilesand Waj 8Utions. # «I>«»a
•9:00a Log ¦ Angeles Express — Martinet, ,
Traoy. Lathrop, Hlockton, Murced
'¦fti'i Fresno aud Lea Angelas p
•»:3« a Vallejo. Martines aa«T War Stations '»i4J»
• I O:»O a TbeOTailand limited— Ogden, Den>
Ter, Omaha, Chicago •»i43f
•J l«0»* Niles, Stockton, Sacramento, M«a- ' ¦
, dota, Fresno. Hanford, Vtaalis,
* Pcrterrtlle. «*H8»
•IIjOOa LJ-rermore, Sander. Gothen Junc-
tion, Bakersfield. Lea Angeled
tltOOr BacramentoUUetStMinen fStOOa.
•S:«Or H&jwards, Niles and Waj SUUoas. *0i4»f
•4:O«p Martinez, 8an Ilamou. Vallejo,
- Sap*. Callntoga. Santa Uosa •I»i13a
•4 iOOp Benicla. Winters, Saerameolo,
Woodland, Knicbka I«Ddio(.
Marr«TlUe Oto.lllo 'J 1 ***
MiaorHaywarda. Miles aud BaaJosa t»!4»a
•3:00r NJIm, IdTennore and Stockton "lOriaA
ffS.-OOp Bunset limited. El Paso, Now
Orleans and Kast dOilO*
•3.00 p Tho Owl limited— Tracy. Fresno.
Bakeratield. Haugus for Santa Bar-
bara, Los Amtrlea. M»«IS A
•aiOOrNew Orleaoi Expreas-Bakersfleld.
Manta Barbara, Los An(«Ies, Dem*
Inc. £1 Pato. New Orleans and
E M t •7««»a
•SiOOp Hajwards, Nlles and San Jos* *7t«Sa
fOiOOr V»ll«]o •Ilt4»*
•Oi'Jdp Oriental Mall— Ogden. Chejenno.
Omaha, Chicago *3rtSp
*«:«0r Oriental JIalt-Ogden, Denver,
Omaha. Chioaco. *4il9r
: •7s««r Oregon and L'allfornla Kzprsaa.ftaa.
rainento. Marjr«*llle, KsdJtnc,
l'ortUiui. Pusek Houi>4 and Kask "Si*."»A
•SiOSrSan Pablo, Fort Costa, Martines
T . and Way SUUons — !U!l5 A
tg^grV^H"..; •••» »11i4j»a.
COAST DIT1K1OR (Harrow tiange).
(Fooiot Market 8tre«>.>
•StlOA Newark. Oen ter»Ule, Sao Joso.Feltoo,
Boulder Creek.SanU Crux and Way
i V BUUons »«i«0f
(til Sp Newark, OenterTllls, 8an Jo«e, New .
Almaden. Feiton. RonMer Crr«k.
Santa Croa and Friadpal Wa»
8tatlooa ..— t'*" 1 ***.
•4il9r Newark, San Jose, Los Oatos •*».¦»•*
a»:;;wp Hontsrs' Exconlon, Ban Joss aad
v Way Stations t7r»«y
CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
frtmSti FB4KCISC0— r.tt «f Mirkit Strut (S!i? 8)—
17:15 9:00 11-.00A.H. liC3 |:C3 WJf.n.
ritfflOKUIS— yul at Bresiwaj.— tB:OO t8-M t8.-0«
10:00 i.M. »;03 2:83 1:03 *8:08r.li.
I COAST DIT1SIO9 (Broad Gsags).
' (Third and Towngend 8ta.)
IviIOa Ocean View. Booth San Francisco.. !•<*•'
•7i00a fiau Jt*« ami Way Statlima (New
AlroadeM Wsdneadaysoulr) •lit«f
*••••* Ban Jose, Tres Pines, Santa Onu,
Pacific OroTo. Paso llobles, Saa ¦¦¦'
I.iils Obl«po. Surf, Lompoo amt
Priiieipal War SlaUona «4«l»r
•I«i4»a San Jose and War Stations. •«iS»a
•IIiSOa San ,To«a aud Way Stations *aiB0ff
tSt4Sr San Mateo, Redwood, Menlo Pack;
Palo Alto. SanU Clara. Saa Jose.
Tres Plnos. Santa Orus, Salinas,
Monterey and PaelOo GroTe flOal«A
? SiSOr Saa Joae and Way Stations *7i3Of
MilOr Saa Joaeaad Prlnoipal WaySutloos *3i43a
. 13:O«r 3»o Jose, Los Gatos and Prindpal
WaySUUoos tSiOA.
*S:3Or San Jose and Principal Way StaUona *S:S3a
*«i3Or San Jose and Way Stations......... ISiOWa
allt4Sr San Jose and Way Station! *7iSOp
1 A for Morning. Pfor AtUrnoon.
¦Bally. : +Hun«lay exeepted. J Sunday oily.
9 Mondays, Wednesdan. Frldsys.
e Tuesdays, Tbnndaya, Sundays. '
Batorday onlr. -; *> • '
CALIFORNIA NORTHWESTERN RY. CO.
SAN FRANCISCO AND NORTH PACIFIC
RAILWAY COMPANY.
TIBURON FERRY— FOOT OV MARKET ST.
San Francisco to San Rafael.
WU1JCK. DATS— 7:30. 9:00. 11:00 a. m.; 13:16. *:SO.
1:10, J:80 p. m. Thursdays— Extra trip at 11:*)
p. m. Saturdays— Extra trips at 1:50 and
11:10 P * *"¦ ' ' • -
SUNDATS-t:00. 9:10. 11:00 a. nu; 1:30. 3:10. 14s.
. «:20 p. m.
San Rafael to San Francisco.
WEEK DATS— «:10, 7:50, »:20, 11:10 a. m.; 1S:4S,
1:40, 6:10 p. m. Saturdays— Extra trips at l:iS
and t:X& p. m. *
6UNDATS-8:lO. 9:«, 11:10 a. m.: 1:40. 1:40. f.-OS.
•:» p. m. ¦ _ •
Between Ban Franclsoo and SchaetJtn Park.
same schedule as above.
Leave J In Effect I Ax^Tt
San Francisco. [Nov. 7, 1900. I San Francisco. -
Week I Sun- I -I Sun- I Week
Daya. I days. I Deaanatlon. 1 days. \ Days.
1-M*m 8:00 am Norato, 10:40 am 8:40 am
1:30 pm 1:80 am Petaluma, 1:06 pm 10:35 am
6:10 pm 6:00 pm Santa Rosa. 7:35 pm *J2 pm
Fulton. .
7:30 am . Windsor. ' 10:25 am
Healdsbur*.
i • Lytton,
. , Ckyservllle, •
t :30 pm 1:00 am Clorerdale. 7:35 pm t:X3 pm
7:S0 am 1 Hopland I i
t:0O am| and Uklah. I 7:35 pm[ t:TS pm
7:30 am _„ „ .. lilTS
8:00 am Oaernerllla.. 7:35 pm i
1:80 pm ':MPP
7:30 am «:C0 am Sonoma S:15 am 8:40 am
¦ > -:, and - • • :
6:10 pin 5:00 pm Glen Ellen. 1:06 pm >:Hpm
7:30 ami 3:00 am] I 110:40 am|10:25 am
3:30 pm [ 6:00 pmf Beoaltopol. I 7:35 pm| 1:22 pra
¦ - Stages connect at Santa Rosa tor Mark West
Springs and White Sulphur Springs; at Fulton
for Altruria: at Lytton (or Lytton Spring:*: at
Geyservllls for Skaggs Springs; at Cloverdal*
for the Geysers;- at Hopland for Duncan
Springs, Highland Springs, Kelseyvllle, Carls-
bad Springs, Soda Bay. Lakeport and Bartlett
Springs; at Uklah for Vichy Springs. Saratoga
fiprlngs, Blue Lakes. Laurel Dell Lake, Witter
gprink-s. Upper Lake, Porno. Potter Valley,
John Day's, RlTenlde, Llerley's, Buckaell's.
Eanhedrin Heights. Hullville. Orr*s Hot Springs,
Mendodno City, Fort Bragg. Westport. Uaal.
Wlllets. Laytonvlle, Cumminsi, Bell's Springs.
Harris, Olaens, Dyer, Scotia and Eureka.
> Saturday to Monday round-trip tickets at re-
duced rates. **ir>*y43&*p&
- On Sundays, round-trip tickets to all points
beyond San Rafael at half rates.
- Ticket office, (SO. Market at.. Chronicle band-
Ing. : ¦ ¦- -• B. X. RTAJj;
H. C WHTITNO, . Gen. Pass. Act.
Gen. Manager.
NORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD;
Via SauMliU F«ny-
Commenclns September 30, 1900.
FROM SAN- FRANCISCO TO MILL. VATiT.HT
; - AND SAN RAFAEI*.
VntEBL DAYS— 6:63. *»:15. U:0O a. nx. Is*
8:15, 4:00, 6:15, '9:15. «:40 p. m.
EXTRA TRIP»-For Mill Valley and Saa
Rafael - on • Mondays, Wednesdays and Sat*
urdays at 9:00 and 11:83 p. m.
SUNDATS—^:00. n0:06; : *11:» a, m.. n:13.
8:15, *4:45. Jt'M, 9:00 p. m. ' ¦---
Trains nSarked (*) run to San Quentln. I S
FROM SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISOa
WEEK DATS— 6:K>, »«:30. 7:45, »;» a. m.,
•U:80. 1:45. - 'S^O, 4:30. .6:20 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays. Wednesdays
and Saturdays at 6:45 and 10:20 p. m.
•-BXTNDATS-«ao. "8:00, "lO:^ 11:45 a. m».
n:40, •2:15, 4:45. ««:30 p. m. ¦ ., •-.—
: Trains marked <*) start. from San Quentln.
FROM .MILL VALLEY TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— 6:45. 6:4S.i 7:55. 9:30 , a. . n£.
12:85, J:10. «:30. 4:64. 6:20 p. m. .
EXTRA TRIPS on ' Mondays. Wednesdays
and 'Saturdays at 7:10 and 10:20 p. nv - -
•.--- SUNDAYS-8:05, 10:05 a. m:; 12.-05, J:15,' 1:30.
6:00, 8:45 P. m^-
. - J ¦ THROUOH TRAINS.
-1:65 a. ' m. week days— Cazadero and way
stations.-
1:45 p. m. Saturdays— Tomales and way
stations. ¦
¦ 8:00-" a,' : m. Sundays — Tomales and- way
raret Quic«ley. a native ct Boetoa. aged M
years.
Ca^ICotlce of funeral hereafter. Remains at
the parlors cf J. C. O'Connor * Co 767 Mis-
sion street.
DOTL&-in ttls dty. D«cesaber 25. WOO. Henry
Joseph, beloved husband of Mary Dcyle ana
OA\*IN— In ttls dty. December 25 lAOft ««••
beloved trtie of /aines Gavin ud ladster^of
i£Z wi-earT' Mel^ *
CT-NMlce cf funeral hereaftsr. Remains at
StSf*°" ° f C *" W & English. 41 Van Nets
CKEEX— In thle cltr, December 85. 1900, Joseph
orwn ana brother of Annie and Gertrude
Grwn. a native c f San Francisco, aced 25'
ypars i months aad 6 days.
- C 7 ' F>rlenas and evcqualntances are resnect-
5SiI y ! ° vU^ to attend the funeral to-morrow
(ThunKiay), at 8 o'clock, from his late i»nl-
«ence 4(5 McAll'.eter street, thenc* to St
M * r 5* Cathedral, where a requiem mass wlli
be celebrated for the repose of his soul cora-
rn»nclng at S>:30 o'clock. Interment Holy
Crops Omet^rj-. . , . ., *
HAINES— In this city, December 2S, 1900 Efv'n
s ».. beloved husband of Elizabeth Haines a
rstlve of Indiana. ag*d 81 years an^' j
2Ili h ' 'Chicago papers please copy )
fun^ rt<>n ' i ,? and ar « u<Unt »ncea are respect-
8^ 1 - Int «™«t Cyp 1^!,
HALJ_»— In thla dtv, Decerrber n i«»mi v< ..
c/m^" 9 °' Clock ffift C^
HALSEY— In thl* city, December 2s' i»i .„,,,
£!£*"' * nAtU * ° r Elm agid a 44
JCTNcUce of funeral hereafter PemaiiR st
«£f2£Z ° f J - C " O^nnor&Ca^Mi"
1 * th i s c4tT - l>^"nber 25, 1900. at
?r^* rents r^sidprjce. 1C12" Polk «troVt Her
S&Sfe W '«« «n'»« sou of Harn T . ttr 5
Jl'^j% Hammond, a native of San Francisco.
C7F-jn?r»l private.
HASKELI — la this c!ty. December ts tx»
C^P A / m< belov *<l of C-eorg* W. Has-
Y*} X ? n u "? lh * r °* Mrs. Sarah Lee and the
late John. Oeonre and Ellen Hatkell. a native
< *£ o « at J r Tyrone. IreUnd. aged Cl yearT
r-fn R T fI1 * J 5 I f J* th^ parlors of the Henry j.
Gallagher t ndertaJtlng Company. 20 Flf.h
street-
JAXSEN— In Alameda, December C5. 1S0O Sine
Jarten. beloved mother of CAptain P a.
JaAnson and Mrs. L. Tw«l*. a native of Den-
mark. &g*d 77 yean?.
H£~£ SET T 7 n Thi8 clty December 24. 1900,
« illiam Unds<?y, beloved brother of Mrs H
R. Let, a native of Canada, aged 4S years 5
;nor.th* and 2 days.
MAHONEY— In this city, December 25. 190"
J«-rerr.iah. beloved son of Jeremiah and the
late Kate Mahoney, and brother "of Mrs P
I'.ioraaTi and John Mahoney and the late Mary
and Kate Mahoney. a native of fcan Frs-n-
cieco.
• McCLURE— In this city. December 24. 19C0
Arcy. beloved -alfe of Henry N*. McClure and
mother or Edna V. McClure. a native of S&a
Jose, eged 34 years and 5 months.
' • CTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
« Wednesday), at 2 o'clock, from her late resi-
Cenre. C36 Fulton street. Interment Mount
Olivet Cemetery.
McMURRAY-In this city. December 54. MOO.
Elirabeth,- relict cf the late H. J. McMurray,
«_"5d beloved mother cf William J. McMurray,
s. native of Ireland, aged 71 years.
JCTThe funeral will take r>lace this day
f^ednesday). at 9 oclcK-k.from her late resf-
o^rice. SiO Fulton street, thence to Pacred
. Heart Church, where a requi-m mass win
te celebrated for the repose of h«?r eoul, com-
mencing at 9:20 o'clock. Interment private.
Mount Calvary Cemetery.- Please omit flow-
er*.
METERS— In tfcis dty. December 23. 1500. Da -
vid. beloved husband cf the late Betsy R.
M»yers and brother of Charles E. Meyers, a
naM\> of Nova Scotia, age! C4 years.
CT'Frier.da and acquaintances are re»pect-
fulljfc invitf-d to attend the funeral this day
(W«dne6day>. at 10 o*e;ock. from the funeral
parlor* of Porter &. White, 1C2 Eddy street. |
Interment I. O. O. F. Cemetery.
MIXVIELJ..E— In" Lcrin. corner cf Grove and
Woolsey Ftreets. December 14. 1900, Johanna,
t>»ioved wife of Joeeph Minvielle Castet. a na-
tive of Sweden, ared C9 years 10 months and 9
days-
C7"FT!cru1s' ar.d acquaintances are respect- '
fully Invited to attend funeral per\-iceB this ;
day « We«ir.*f day), December 15. lfOO, st 2
o'clock, frcm her late home, cjmer of Grov«
and T\ool*e>- Ftreets. Iyorin. Interment Moun-
tain View Oem**tery. Oakland.
MORA— In 8r«outh Pan Francisco, December 25,
ISM>, Amanda, dearly beloved wife of Alexan-
der Mora and beloved mother of John, Glofira,
£ar.tos aad Eufrodna Mora, a native of Mex-
ico, aged 3S years and 3 daya.
OLSEN"— In this city. December 25. 1300. V«ra
C, beloved daughter of Andrew and Augusta
Olsen. a native cf San Francisco.
RAWE-In this city. December 24.. 1300. Katie,
beloved wife cf Otto Rawe, daughter cf Mar-
earett» Lafrence. and sister of John. Henry
and Dedlef Lafrenoe. Annie Johnson, Mar-
garette Xlescn and Dora B&rgman. a native.
cf Germany, aced 32 years 4 moaths and 4
fiays.
CTFrieafls and acquaintances are respect-
fuUy !nx-ited to attend the funeral this day
ftVednesday). at 2 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 27M Army street*. Interment Cypress
Lawn Cemetery by funeral car.
RHVNER-In this city December :», 1S00. Elsl,
belove"<l daurhter of Joseph ana Louisa Rhy-
ner and cister of Roele and Willis Rhyner. a
n&tlve of California, aged 2 years 10 months
and -"¦ daya.
#EPANHACK— In East Oakland. December 25,
, 1900, Henry Epar.hack, beloved father of Mrs.
H. J. Plozsteaux, a native cf Gernumv, aged
TS years 6 months &nd ? days.
C7Fyiends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to atteftd the funeral service* to-
morrow (Thursday), at 2 o'clock, from the :
, residence of Dr. H. J. Eomteaux. 1615 Twen- ;
ty-third avenue. Interment Mountain . View
. Cemetery.
ETECH-In this city. December 2S. 1900. Rosa-
lia Etech. in religion Sister Maria FeiixltAS,
a native of Baden, Germany, aged 28 years
' months ana 11 days.
CTFrtends and acQuaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day ;
at 8 o'clock, from Bt. Joseph's
-Home, corner of Park Road a»enue and Ba- |
ker street, where a solemn requiem high maxs i
twill be celebrated for the rej>cse of her i-oul. ;
cftmrnenclrjr at 8 o'clock. Interment Holy j
Ctc*s Cemetery.
FWALV-ln Oaklsnd. at 1506 Tenth avenue.
. December 25. 1909. Norman Porter, beloved
ten ct AJfred O. and Harriet C. Swain, a na-
tive ef O&kJand, Cal., aged IS years 7 months
and :: days.
TAFFEE— In this city. December 25. 1900. Wlll-
ifcin A., beloved husband of Georgina Taaffe.
a nattve of Pennsylvania, aged 42 years.
•CXXctie* oi funeral hereafter.
VARSI— A requiem mass (month's mind) will
be celebrated for the late Rev. Aloyslus Varsl
at Bt. Ignatius Cfcurch to-morrow (Thursday),
at 8 o'clock. Friends are. Invited to attend.
VTAL.DIER— In this city. December 24. 1300,
Arthur, beloved eon of the late Johanna and
Albert Waldler. and brother of Mrs. Josephine
Bennett, a native of Ean Francisco, aged 24
* I^TNottee of funeral hereafter. Rsmatns jat
I* the parlors of the Paclflo Undertakers. 777
Miselon street.
\TALL6-In Oakland. December 24 1900. at hifc
reticence, M4 Sixtieth street. Benjamin W alls,
a native of Maine, aged 71 years.
WEGSEa-Ia Sonoms, December 24. WOO. Ed-
ward beloved busband of Julia Wegner,
rather of Lydia B-. Freda M. and Isabella A.
Wegner. and brother of Julius and Louis
Wetrner. a native of Germany, aged 64 years
7 months and 4 days.
or Friends and acquaintances are respect-
I fully ln\1ted to attend the funeral this day
'Wednesday), at 1 o'clock, from the parlors or
H F. Suhr & Co.. 1137 Mission atreet. be-
tween Seventh and Erhth. Interment I. O.
O. F. Omttery. ,„
WILKENS— In thla city. December 24. 1900. at
the Tesldence cf his sister. «4 Capp «<«*t.
Loais -vl'llkens. father of John and Louis v\ 11-
k<?rs Jr. and brother of Mra. Anna Bruning.
a native cf Kchlen. Amt Lehe. Hanover. Ger-
raanv. aged 12 years 2 months and 2 days.
CT Friends and acquaintances are respect-
• fullv invited to attend the funeral this day
(Wednesday), at 2:30 o'clock, from the parlors
ot H. T. euhr & Co.. 1157 Mission street^ be-
tween Seventh and Eighth. Interment L O.
T&ioNSTXl. city. December O. ««;»
iiitS^F- -vVilaon. beloved husband of Dora E.
TV'^onV father of Blanche B. Wilson, and
rroS cfH Moody of San Jos* a native of
v-.^'tirkr sr»d 44 years and 15 days. A
"uiiv invited to attend the funeral this day
D'rfcy Winter, beloved husband <* Kate Alice
¦ r*k vmti 1 month and 25 flays.
Vfi Church at Cloverdale.*
< clock from her late residence. £2 Broad
--.Ocean
;MRS H. A. GREENE, Secretary.
RAILEOAD TRAVEL.
AUCTION SALES
AUCTION SALE fe
t - - ¦ • ' OF 'ALL THE ,, • .1
RACEHORSES IN TRAINING
BELONGING TO E. CORRIGAN. ESQ..
Prior to his departure for England, compris-
ing Rathgar. Artllla. ¦Wallenstein, Lily Simp-
son, Afltloch," Long Tom, "Yodel,- Carter Harri-
son Jr.. and five of his choicest yearlings ready
to . race. NOW, , by such sires as Indio, Vassal,
imp. St. Andrew and -imp. - Bassetlaw, out of
sisters to the great racehorse Riley and other
famous mares.
' Alsb to close a co-partnership the
. 2-year-old . Imp. ; Mariner-Phoebe - colt
— r : ' COUNT ; HUBERT / '.'/
Also, per order executors I Marcus Daly estate,
the great suburban 'winner, .g,ame race-
¦. horse and sire - -
.... - — —MONTANA
Sire of ' Montantc, | Mortgage; , Montallade," etc
——PRIMROSE
The royally bred son of Imp. • St. Blaise and
- • " Wood Violet; and •*¦ ' • :
SHAFT,- by The Pepper, out of Boise.'
Sale.' will take place at
-— — - — -TANFORAN RACETRACK
SATURDAT.........V... ...... .December 23. 1900,
• - : Commencing at 12 o'clock m. /
-Take 11:30 train. Third -and Townsend sts.
Catalogues ready. • ' . :
. ffM. G. LATNO, Auctioneer.
'¦? '¦ ' I ¦ ill^ L' il\ I ITsTlt^Bn 151 1 T 111 fl. ¦ ¦Osfi ''('
:z 1 llw WcililMI llld L^lllllLvVl :¦
|| starts for Chicago over the Santa Fe and gets i
j| there on the third day — 75 hours. :
? Everything on this train is real. . ;
I Begins January 1st. i;An amusing story is told of Lord Wolse
ley's interest In the Commlssariatt r De
partment, in which his zeal on one occa
sion certainly got the better of his dis
cretion, says London M. A P. Dinner
was being served to the soldiers, and or
derlies hurried backward and • forward
with . steamlmr ¦ Dails of eoup. Lord
Not Mistaken in His Taste.
Capture Chinese Torpedo-Boats.
At Taku the British destroyers > Fame
and Whiting captured four, fine Chinese
torpedo-boats. One* each was given to
France, Russia. and .Germany, and Eng
land'* kept; the < fourth. .They have now
been-' renamed. •• The .'French one is called
Taku;."in honor of a glorious epoch in the
French > marine." ;The - Russian v one . is
called Taku v "to /commemorate a great
Russian naval victory." > The German one
likewise > is christened Taku,,"in«never-to
be-forgotten i memoryfof " this all-convinc
ing proof that' Germany's future is on the
sea."-. All of these remarks- are taken
from . the * official V reports. . . . The - English,
who captured: the boats and divided the
spoils,: also -named their .boat the ; Taku,
'.'because there Is a gap in the 'Ta' in the
signal book."— New .York « Commercial Ad
vertiser.. - ; : ::-'5'--
Congressman Allen of Mississippi i» not
one of those who holds back a good story
for relationship's nake. He has brought
to Washington an illustration of the rural
Mississippi estimate of the f,ree silver is
sue. In the campaign a Bryan spellbinder
met a Mississippi fanner, who was driving
a goat which, was drawing a barrel of
water. "What's that goat worth"? asked
the. spellbinder. "Two dollars." said the
owner. "Under free silver that goat would
bring $4," rejoined the spellbinder. "Yes,"
drawled the farmer, '.'and I. reckon that if
I had . this barrel of water in Sheol it
would bring.. 11000 ! easy."— Washington
POSt. ' ,¦.•' ."•¦¦ - ¦¦- ¦ ' ;--¦ ¦ "¦ ¦ ¦ .
Where "Water. Costs Money.
Wash .well a dozen firm tart apples, cut
them, unpeeled, into thick, narrow slices,
and pack down in an earthen jar, in alter
nate layers with " small ripe red peppers,
sprinkling the layers lightly with salt, and
dropping^ in t an occasional slice of mild
onion. - Tie : a ' teaspoonf ul each of whole
cloves, allspice, mace and black pepper in
a muslin bag and drop the bag into vin
egar enough to cover the apples and pep
pers. Bring the vinegar, to aboil, then
add for, each pint a heaping tablespoonful
of sugar.' Let it boil up again, skim well
and -pour? boiling' hot over the sliced
apples. Let stand till i next day, drain oft
vinegar, boil' and return. Do this three
times, then r put everything over the fire,
let it boll ten minutes, return to the jar
and^tie'down while still hot, : first taking
out of the ' bag of spent spices. ,-. Excellent
for. game ' or ' roast meats or as an ingre
dient of- gravies, curries and so on.
Apple and Pepper Sauce.
Victims of the Wassail Bowl.
A large number of persons who made
merry on the Introduction of Christmas
.day imbibed too much liquor., As a re
sult ,they were unable to take care of
themselves and awoke; yesterday, morning
In a cell-In the City- Prison: When Jud?e
Cabahiss' made, his shortly
after 10 o'clock at- the prison eighty-eight
men of nearly/ all . nationalities and
of every color- and class ' appeared ' before
hinv The Judge was -merciful and dis
missed them, all." One man from Arizona
felt so bad -'that 'he could not spend his
Christmas properly,' his money being m
the -hands of the police; that .the .Judge
took pity, on 'hinv and gave him. a- dollar
which the man from Arizona promised to
return when he, got his money. '
Euhlic • Installation.
- Golden Gate Cainp ; of '.'the'. Woodmen of
the -World, the banner^ camp* of the State,
having a membership 1 of .-more" than 1200*
. will - publicly . install < its officers in " Native
SonsViHall. on the .night of January. 17.
.The ceremony wlll.be followed by a ball.
• You Will Be Bight in It*
A' special men's vici kid, 'box calf, seal
skin or. kangaroo shoes,^ worth $4 tor$5,
will be sold to-morrow Jfor $1 85 -a "pair.
These shoes are hand >ewed, stylish. All
sizee. At -the shoe trust, sale, of the Bee
Hive Shoe Co.. 717 Market St., nr. Third.*
Thrown From His Wagon and Hurt.
Albert- Derlan.^whlle rounding the cor
ner of Sixteenth street" and Potrero" ave
nue yesterday, was thrown • from -his seat
on ' a wagon and was injured ; about the
head. ' ';¦¦: '
He was conveyed to the City and County
Hospital, where he was treated and sent
to his home. atPreclta avenue and Ala
bama street. , ¦,',- V ' . ;¦:¦.
Thinks He's a Poached Egg.
Of all the crazy men with queer de
lusions there is none to compare with
that of an individual who is confined in
the Insane asylum in thin city, writes a
Kingston correspondent of the New York
Sun. He thinks he Is a poached egg, and
for twenty years he has been looking for
a piece of toast big enough to sit down
on. \\ hen visitors come and meet him
he always approaches- them with the re
quest for a moment's conversation In pri
vate. As he is perfectly harmless the
keepers do not put any restrictions upon
him. If you grant his request he whispers
In your ear:
"Have you got a piece of toast about
you?"
"No." you say. "What Is the matter
with you? Are you hungry?"
"Hungry!" ejaculates the man. "Why
should I be hungry? I have plenty to eat.
I'm tired. I'm a poached egg. and I'm
looking for a piece of toast to sit on."
Naturally this request leads to laughter,
and the poached egg retires In huge high
dudgeon, but he comes back regularly -on
the arrival of the next batch of visitors
to see if he can't have better luck. All
sorts of things which look like toasts have
,been supplied to the man. but he wants
the real thing, and as chairs and couches
are not made out of toasted -bread he is
obliged to go on making' his perpetual
plea to visitors. In all other respects the
man seems normal, and If this crazy Idea
could only be got out of his head he might
obtain his discharge. As he persists In
his delusion he will probably, spend the
rest of his days in the asylum.
Last of a Famous Trio.
The recent birthday of the ex-queen of
Naples served to recall the fact that she
Is now the only surviving sister of ¦* the
beautiful group which comprised the late
Kmpress of Austria and the Duchess
d'Alencon, who met with so terrible a
fate at the burning of the Charity Bazaar
In Paris three yearn ago. .The Queen of
Naples, although not no beautiful as her
sisters, was- nevertheless handsome in her
youth, and had a commanding. presence.
It is said that at the siege of Gaeto one
night when King Francis was, nowhere
to be found, the Queen' donned a uniform
and personated her; husband ori~ the ram
partf under rover of -the darkness. The
ex-Queen of Naples has-been a widow
now for several years.— London Mall.
Trunks and trav* ling ba^s. IWore buying see
our "bureau trunk." A. B. Smith Co., IK Ellis.*
Karl Kerle. a ship - carpenter,' had his
skull fractured last night in an encounter
with ¦ M. Skog, a bartender in a Steuait
street hotel. Kerle/ .who had been drink
ing, refused to leave the place when re
quested to do so by Skog. . Words followed
and finally Skog aimed a Mow at Kerle
with a beer bottle,- fracturing his skull.
Policeman O'Keefe arrested Skog, who
was charged at the Hall of Justice with
attempt to murder.. Kerle' was take"n to
the Receiving Hospital. * /
Bottle Fractures Skull.
The other day I attended the opening
of the, as yet, unref ormed Parliament of
Sark. says a writer in the London Daily
Mail. There is but one House, and |t 'a
called the Chefs Plaids. So far so good,
for I believe every sane political refiner
agrees that the model state should nave
one legislative body only.
But, alas, this single House is exclu
sively a .House of landlords, exclusively
a House of hereditary legislators. The
people of the island are not allowed to
elect their representatives. Land, alone
is represented; not wealth, nor Intellect,
nor the toiling masses, nor the submerged
tenth. And -the land ia represented in a
peculiar way. '*¦¦¦'¦"' . >. . ,» .
When the island, then uninhabited, was
granted in 1665 by Queen Elizabeth to
Heller de Oerteret. Lord of St. Ouen m
Jersey It was stipulated that he should
colonize it and should grant parts of it to
forty of tls retainers or followers as
copyholders or customary tenants under
him. It was also stipulated that these
tenants, though they might alienate their
holdings upon payment to the Lord of a
thirteenth of the value, might on no ac
count subdivide them. Thus there ara
still in the island the original, forty
estates, and the holder of each estate oc
cupies with regard to the seigneur, or
lord, almost exactly the same position as
a "leude" or a baron occupied in the old
feudal days of Normandy with regard to
the sovereign. _i ;
i The existing Parliament of Sark is, in
effect, the "assemblee des leudes et bar
ons" of the island. The law of strict
primogeniture obtains, "and there would
be to-day forty hereditary members of
the Chefs Plaids out for two circumstan
ces. One is that if a tenant happens to be
a woman she does not sit. though she
may vote in the House by proxy. The
other is that, in the course of years, cer
tain of the members,' by Inheritance or
purchase, have acquired more than one
estate. There are now, therefore, not
more than thirty actual sitting members
of the -Chefs Plaids. They represent— if
they can be said to represent— a popula
tion of some E>70 souls \ and an extent of
about 1275 acres.
the Channel Islands.
PARLIAMENT OF SABK.
Unique Legislative Body of Ons of
, James McDougald, a Scotchman. 50
years old, and' a longshoreman by occupa
tion, died suddenly in his bed last Monday
night in- the -lodging-house 439 Jackson
street. He had'been siek for only a day
Mrs. Rose Galvln died unexpectedly at
11 o'clock yesterday morning at her resi
dence, 2545 Polk street, while her husband
was preparing a hot poultice for her chest.
She had been complaining for several days
past of pains In her chest and could not
get out of bed on Christmas morning.
Her husband, James Galvln, had taken off
one poultice^and had approached the bed
to. apply a fresh one wheiVhis wife gasped
'and died.' The." body was "removed to the
Morgue. Mrs. Galvin was 55 years old "and
a native of Ireland.
Two Sudden Deaths,
Frank . W. Kase. driver for John.Line
ban's Green Valley dairy, was arresteJ
yesterday by Special Officer McCurrie of
the Society for the Prevention of Cruelty
to Animals on the charge of cruelty to
animals. McCurrie was. on Cortland ave
nue when he observed that the horse
driven by Kase had Dlood running over
Its shoulders. McCurrie stopped him and
on examining the horse found two large
sores, one' on each -shoulder. The sweit
pads were covered with blood and. Mc-
Currie took them with him as evidence.
Kase was released on $20 cash ball.'
Cruel to His Horse.
A runaway team .in which were several
Japanese caused a general smash-up at
Colma station , in San -Mateo. County yes
terday. The Japs were crossing the rail
road track when the horses took fright
at some object and capsized the wagon,
spilling the little brown men out on the
track. One of the number had his right
leg broken and the others were more or
less cut and bruised. The man whose
leg was broken was treated by a local
physician and afterward sent to the rail
road company's < hospital, at Fourteenth
and Mission streets, where he was placed
in bed. None of the occupants of the
wagon can spoak English, ¦ consequently
no information could < be got from them
as -to how the accident occurred.
Japanese Injured by Runaway.
Waylaid and Robbed of His Watch.
Jeremiah Keohane. an employe of the
San Francisco Gas and Electric Company,
residing at 1577 Tenth avenue, south, while
on his way to his home on Tenth avenue
was waylaid by five men near Railroad
avenue at 10 o'clock on Monday night.
The first intimation given Keohane was a
rap on the head, which partly stunned
him. Immediately after receiving the
blow he felt his watch being snatehed
from his vest pocket. Observing the in
tention of his assailants he gave battle
and saved the loss of his money, for his
cries for help scared the robbers and they
fled. Keohane reported his experience to
Policeman Buckley of the South San
Francisco station, bu,t he was unablt to
give a description of any of his assailants.
Wishes Co-operation of Organized
Bodies to Hake Satisfactory
State Exhibit at Buffalo. *
The State Board cf Trade has issued
an appeal to the people of the State
to assist in making the exhibit of
California products at the Pan-Amer
ican Exposition of Buffalo the com
ing year a success. The board has
undertaken to Install the exhibit and to
maintain it without asking for any money
from the State Legislature. It has been
collecting exhibits for some time and will
also have much of the Southern Pacific
exhibit that was shown at the Paris Ex
position, but these' will need reinforce
ment to give an adequate and advan
tageous idea of the resources of the State
to the millions of visitors at Buffalo.
Suggestions .are made that assistance
can be rendered by the San Joaquin Val
ley Commercial i Association, the Sacra
mento Valley Development Association,
the Canners" Association, the California
Dried Fruit Association, the California
Packers' Company, the Raisin Growers'
Association, the Wine Growers and ail
other associations. B. N. Rowley. Arthur
R. Briggs and C. M. Wooster have been
appointed a committee to gather exhibits.
STATE BOARD OF TRADE
' ASKS FOB ASSISTANCE
Wolaeley stopped one of them. Tlie man
was at attention in a moment.
"Remove the ltd." No sooner said than
done. "Let me taste it."
"But, plaze yer "
"Let me taste It. I say." And taste It
he did. "Disgraceful! Tastes like nothing
in the world but dish -water."
"Plaze yer honor," gasped the man,
"and so ft i3l"
"I dare say every great invention, before
it is finally hit upon," remarked a New
Orleans lawyer to a Times- Democrat re
porter, "has been within hand's reach of
dozens of men who were unaware how
near they stood to fortune. There is noth
ing more singular. In fact, than the way
people can skate. around som« huge Idea
without seeing it. AVhen the foreordained
fellow comes along, grasps the practica
bility of the thing and reaps the reward
of, perspicacity, the others, who have
been so near and yet so far,' feel some
how that he has intP.rfered with their
vested rights. Lots of famous lawsuits
have grown out of these conditions. But
it is certainly exasperating to realize that
j'ou have stubbed your toe on a genuine
gold brick and then were fool, enough
to walk off and let,, some other chap pick
It up. I had an experience of that kind
once myself. It occurred to me that a
revolving bookcase would be a handy
thing for office use and I had one built to
order. It proved a success and on several
occasions I thought vaguely of having the
device patented, but dismissed the scheme
as 'not worth while.' Nearly two years
afterward a more intelligent gentleman,
up in New England, did what I wouldn't
do and to-day he Is. rolling In riches. I
have been obliged to Duy one of his desk3
since and I never hated to give up money
so badly in my, life.
Several other instances (in the same lino
have come under my personal observa
tion," continued the lawyer. "I have a
friend, for instance, who stumbled upon
the principle of the Bell telephone long
before the war. He waa at college at tho
time and he and a fellow-student actually
went so far as to construct an experi
mental line over half a mile long. Thev
had it In successful operation for several
weeks, when, it was discovered and de
stroyed by a cantankerous professor and
thus vanished what might have been one
of the biggest fortunes in the world. The
incident had- almo3t faded from my
friend's mind when Professor Bell
launched his invention on the public. An
other gentleman, who was formerly a
client of mine, anticipated- the pneumatic
tire years before somebody else patented
it. He Is fond of fine horses and away
back In the seventies he had a light road
cart made that was almost the exact
counterpart : of ' the modern pneumatic
sulky. The big, clumsy-looking tires ex
: cited great merriment among his friends.
They . dubbed them 'sausage wheels,' and
I he has told me more than once that that
foolish joke was the Jthing which cause.l
him- to abandon the experiment. . Pneu
matic tires have since made half a dozen
big syndicates rich. Still another ac
quaintance figured out the exact mechan
ism of the self-binding reaper nearly ten
years before the machine was: covered by
patents. - Not being a - farmer he failed to
appreciate the Importance of the thing.
It impressed him as being chimerical and
he pigeonholed his drawings to rather
dust until he awakened to the fact that
he had had fortune by the throat, only to
let go again. His comments on the inci
dent wouldn't sound well at a prayer
meeting." -
Making Great Inventions.
Some Men Who Have Just Missed
BY A HAIR'S BBJEAI>TH.
The Challenge Is Out.
Wednesday, January the 2d, the great
challenge will take place in this city. •
The public did not know the true names
of these odd people. John and Mary they
were called and John and Mary were the
names . they always went by, except on
rare occasions
Th/si" landlady in the two-story wooden
bufi'rffeg at 641 Mission street knew them
as John Harrington and Ann Harrington,
and when the old woman was taken sick
a few days following Thanksgiving and
was removed to the Receiving Hospital
the name Harrington was booked in the
register. So when Mary died her identity
was not at the time disclosed. Absence
from her favorite haunts, however,
brought inquiry a* to her ¦whereabouts
and then came the tidings of her death.
She had lived and died like a pauper, yet
after the end had come the hospital at
tendants found $500 in gold tied securely
to the lining of her cheap calico skirt.
She had saved It out of her meager earn
ingB and had hoped some day to live amid
HAPPY JOHN and ' contented
Mary, the silent pencil sellers,
have taken their last promenade
together along San Francisco's
busy thoroughfares. Poor Mary
Is dead, and John, her one-legged hus
band, la at the City Almshouse, where he
expects to spend the remainder of his life.
The passing of the couple from the dailv
life of this city removes two characters
that for many years have been objects of
much curiosity, sympathy and benevo
lence.
Ann's parents still reside in the old Bay
State and are reported to be Immensely
wealthy. . . •
Left to her own devices, Ann drank
more heavily. A few years ago. In one of,
her lowly haunts, she met Jack Harring
ton. Penniless, practically homeless and
together friendless, they joined; misfor
tunes for better or worse— two earth-tor
tured human souls, hoping nothing, fear
ing nothing.
The woman was the daughter of a
wealthy Massachusetts maji. When 18 she
married, rather against her father s
wishes, a young man of roaming disposi
tion. -They came to California with a $10,
000 check as a wedding present. For a
while there was no happier home in Cali
fornia. Then Mary grrew harmfully fond
of alcoholic stimulants. A divorce fol
lowed, then separation from her child.
A strange characteristic of the silent
pencil sellers was the fact that they never
sought patronag-e; not even by a posture
would they endeavor to attract notice to
themselves and their needs. John always
took the outside. One leg is prone at the
knee — It was shot oft while he served his
country in the Civil war. In his right
hand he carried a cane, his left held the
pencils, the sale of which kept the wolf
from their door. Mary usually kept one
hand tucked under her husband's arm and
in this fa-shion they walked the streets or
stood on the . corner, silent and almost
motionless, waiting for whatever the fates
might bring.
the luxury- that had crowned her girlhood
days.
THE SILENT PENCIL SELLERS. WHOSE DAILY APPEARANCE IN SAN
FRANCISCO STREETS CEASED WITH THE DEATH OF MARY HAR
RINGTON AT THE RECEIVING HOSPITAL.
The Warden at Folsom is not criticized
for giving a hand to help an ex-convict
to make a new start in life, but it is as
serted that his Inclination to obliterate
the line between convicts and free men
tends to impair his strength as a disci
plinarian. The statement is made that
he was reprimanded by Warden Hale at
San Quentin for not observing: the rule
which requires that officers and convicts
should not dine together. If half the
stories told are true, the convicts at Kol
som are performing many responsible
duties which free men axe paid to
perform.
.The story is going the rounds that} the
Warden recently invited fan e'y-convict
named Howard to b6 his guest at Folcom.
Howard was doing time at San Quentin
when Mr. Wilkinson managed the com
missary department of that institution.
The convict's" cjus.:ificat:cr.s as a clerk
were utilized in keeping a record of the
receipt and distribution of supplies. A
short time ago Howard emerged from
San Quentin a free man. having served
the time of his sentence. The opportunity
to visit Warden Wilkinson at Folsom was
not neglected. According to accounts the
best entertainment afforded in the War
den's own house was freely tendered to
and enjoyed by the Warden's guest.
Moreover, a ticket to enable Howard to
go East by rail was purchased by War
den Wilkinson. It appears that Howard
went as far as Redding, and there tarried
to enjoy his freedom. The next thing that
happened was his arrest on a charge of
burglary.
Reports come from Kolsom to t h< ? ef
fect that officers of the prison are fre
quently tibeent. It is said that they often
visit San Francisco, and seldom make
haste to break away from the allurements
of city life. During their absence from
the Institution convicts are called In to
render service that should be performed
by free men. It is reported that one of
the officers', who has been away for a
week, was obliged to, rest for three days
after his return to Folsom In order to
gain strength and composure to attend to
his duties. | .
The lack of discipline at Folsom Prison
is said to be due in a measure to Warden
Wilkinson, who was formerly commis
sary at San Quentin.
Affairs relating to prison management
are freely discussed by members-elect of
the Legislature", the opinion being ex
pressed that official investigation will fol
low. It is said that Lieutenant Governor
Neff has resolved to select men of known
strength and ability for service on the
Prison Committee of the Senate.
Belief That lieutenant Governor NeS
"Will Appoint Active and Able
Senators on the Prisons
Committee.
Convicts at Folsom Perform
Duties That Belong to
' Paid Officers.
DISCIPLIIE LAX
AT STATE PRISON
Fire in Lodeine-Eouse
Th»» firemen rerponued to an alarm
from box 5K> at T:<5 o'clock last evening
for a livfly.blaze in a one and a half story
frame lodging house at 31S Twenty-second
Ftreet. The tire started in the attic from
Fnm» unknown cause and burned off part
of the roof. The entire building waft-bad
ly damaged by water. The loss is 5SO0.
The house is owned by Henrietta Mc-
Donald.
Kflwin H. I.acJa's gun store at 421 Kear
ny strr-et waB completely destroyed by fire
last night. The liremen hau a hard task
fighting the flames, as dense cloud* of
emoke Winded them in their work. Th»>
dull boom of exploding powder and the
crarklin? of cartridges made it dangerous
for the linemen to enter the burning es
tablishment, jrfany »>r<? willing to rush I
in. but Assistant Chief thjugherty. who j
vr&s in charjre, would not permit hi? men j
to risk their lives in useless endeavor.
An alarm from box 1S«6 at 9 o'clock wa« !
followed five minutes lat«-r by a second j
Alarm, and for two hours the tiremen bat- |
tied to save the property.
¦ . P. Chessman, night cashier of the New i
Economy restaurant, which is . located i
next <1»>or. turned in the aiMrni. He wjis i
notified by the cook that smoke was pour- |
ing out of th*» basement, and he advised |
that a few burk^ts of water be thrown ;
below thc-'-ookins ranges This ni done, i
but the pnioke im-i>-ased. anci after feel
ing Um floor and nnuing it very hot he
concluded to run around to the Bush
etreet tin-house and notify the liremen.
The numbers 'of engine 1 responded quick
ly, a:i<i on their arrival the- smoldering J
blaze broke into a hot Ore. The padlocked '
front door was broken down without cere- •
mony and an alarm was turned in. Dis- 1
trict Engine r \\i:ls..who was in charge,
ordered i::s men out of the siore, as they
¦were l>eir'K nvcrfoaie with smoke. I The
fiaacs pathered fzreat headway and with
in a few minutes there were explosions
and enough musketry tire to satisfy the j
most hardened soldi* r.
The liofct shafts in the sidewalk were •
smutched in by the Srenun and heavy !
streams r.f water were pourt-d Into the ;
cellar. The tlevator shatt was also used :
IX) ffoori purpose. The H::bson House, j
¦which is in-,m< iianiy above l^add's gun ;
•lore, was tilled with smoke and the lodg- i
«re hurriedly left the place. Holes wer«i ;
made in the flooring and streams were |
piayed en the flanus below.
The dense smoke which tilled the lodg- ;
irg-house nearly cauF?d loss of life. Many j
cf tlit- lodgers had " retired and were
aroused by the cries .of "fire:" and the ex- j
plosions. Fred Wiggin. who occupied ,
room 31. on the third floor, hurriedly don- j
red some clothes xind attempted to reach
a place of safety. He groped his way j
down the smoke-filled hall gasping for j
breath, and it was with the greatest dif- :
ficuity that he was able to escape. J. G. i
Brow and another man had also retired, !
and seciiig that it was impossible to et- i
«ape by the stairway hunted for the tire ,
escape. The red light «rulded them to it, ¦
but on trying the door thev found it lock- .
ed. They tried to batter it down, but with
poor euecess. Their shouts and racket at
tracted the attention of a ttreman who
had ascended the fire escape, and he broke i
down the door with a heavy piece of wood '
£nd they made their way. to the street '
fcy means of the iron ladder outside the j
building.
Lieutenant Sayres of Chemical Engine !
No. 1 also had a narrow escape from as ¦
phyxiatloti. -He was in the basement di- '
recting the efforts of his engine whe;i
he was overcome by the heavy smoke. '¦
Two hcipemen carried the lieutenant up ;
the ladder to the street. He was very i
¦weak and in pain and had to be taken to '
a neighboring drug store and later to his
bane.
During the progress of the fire Edwin
H. Lada, proprietor of the gun store, ar
rived on the i^cene. His tirst thought was
cf the powder ttored in the front of tht
e*tablisnment. He knew that its pres
ence endangered the lives of the fire
fighters and he volunteered to enter the
store and carry the explosives out. Chief
Dougherty ha.l to peremptorily order the
plucky man from endangering hiti life.
\Vhon the lire was partially under control .
Ladd was not to be restrained. He
rushed into the place and soon returned
•with two cans filled with powder under
his arms. AH tho^e who saw the brave
act applauded hi? nerve.
Mr. Ladd estimated his stock to be va.
«f(3 at $20,000. He said it was destroye-1.
He admitted being insured for $5000. He
cannot account for the fire. His clerk,
L. E. Hall, had been In the store in the
morning and was the last one to leave the
place. Ke thinks it was started by the
cooking range in the neighboring restau
rant.
Another theory of the origin of the fire
Is put forth by Poiiceman Sullivan, who
Satrols the block in which the gun store
i located. He said that in passing the
etore an hour before the blaze he noticed
that a showcase filled with pistols and
other exhibits hud l.een pried away from
the wall and its contents were In danger
of boir.?? sti-len. He stood guard for a lit
tie while an<1 as he moved over the side
¦walk he received a terrible shock. Ht
said be was nearly lifted off his feet and
for a mom-vnt thought he had been struck
•with a club. He now believes that the
fire was started by a live wire and he has
hi* feelings to prove .his assertion.
The building 'is owned by the Hyman
Brothers. It wss damped to th« extent
of $1000. The loss to tlie Hobson House,
vhfch is conducted by Messrs Hobson &
Klllgren. wiM amount to $S00. The Xew
Economy resteuranl 4s conducts by J.
nnd he places hie loss in the nelgh
b-rhor,d of «».
'Oilef Dougherty believer the fire started
in the basement. He s«y? his men report
•hI tr> him that an archway led from tr-v»
kitchen range and th^ woodwork was Ig
nited by a .?park from the range.
Costly Blaze in a Gun Store
Explodes Powder and
Cartridges-
lodgers Axe Nearly Asphyxiated by
Smoke — Lieutenant Sayre«
Narrowly Escapes
Death.
FIREMEN FIGHT
A FIERCE FIRE
ily with the nunies of educators wlio hail |
come from hill and valley to San Kran- i
Cisco to attend a convention expected to
be this year of more than usual ir.terest, j
and which will last fcur day;;. In heaci- !
quarters* at the Palace Hotel the hlran- j
gers were aided in many way? yesterday |
by the reception committee, of which Les- J
lie A. Jordan is chairman, the members
being the following named:
\V. U. Kingsbury, \V. B. Hcward. 1). J. Stil
ls an. «*. H. Murphy. W. N. Bush. Frank Mor
ton, J. H. Simmon*, A. I-. M^on, J. J'. Ham
ilton. W. E. Edwards. J. .1. Gallagher, Mr«.
Mary Praif. Mies Katr Crowley. Mrs. M. L..
O'Neal. Mrs. X. A. Wood, hi.su Emma B.
S<linc*n. Alien A. T. Oroushwell. Urn. K. M. !
North. MIm T. o. Htohr. MIm Vrrie Elaef,
Mrs. B. J. Mr.nn and Mrs. I* K. Hurk.
The subjects to be covered arc as va
rious as the fields of work occupied by
thoee who will attend. There are tn be
lectures on the new phs.ses of educuti'jfi
and It Is expected that several interesting
theories will be advanced u;k»:i which the
pedagogue* may improve and remodel the
method? of teaching now in vogue. K.'pe
clally interesting is the announcement of
a course of lectures by Charles Franklin»
Thwlng. L.L.D., president of the Western
University. A gifted orator, deep reader
and clear thinker, he has gained the repu
tation of the foremost writer In the coun
try upon educational themes. His maga
zine article? are accepted as classics of
their kind. At 1:20 p. m. to-day at the
general session in Metropolitan Tem
ple this educator will speak on the
"Teacher as a Force in Civilization." At
this general session, which will be pre- |
ceded at 10 a. m. by a council of educa
tion in the ladies' parlor at the Palace
Hotel.. an address of welcome will be de
jivered by Mayor James D. Phelan. Pres
ident Cecil W. Mark of the San Francisco
Board of Kducation and Superintendent of
Schools Reginald H. AVebster will also de
liver welcome addresses, to which the re
sponse will be furnished by James A. Fo
shay, superintendent of the Los Anereles
schools. At the early session the Hon.
Thomas J. Kirk will act as chairman and
an interesting discussion on "Compulsory
Education" will be participated in by '
James A. Foshay, P. M. Fisher and Miss
Lucy M. Washburn. There -will also be a
discussion on "The Past. Forecast of, the
Future." led by Georgre If. Howison, Su
perintendent Edward Hyatt, Professor E.
E. Brown and Professor T. L. Heaton.
To-morrov,- ther? will be sessions in
Metropolitan Temple at 1:30 p. m. and S
p. m. At the former much Important
business is to be transacted. The elec- |
tion of officers and designation of a meet
ing place for the ensuing year will take
place. There will be an address by the
Rev. Charles R. Bron-n of the First Con
gregational Churcn of Oakland on "Moral
Influences in Education." In the evening
a lecture on "The Retrospect and Pros
pect in Education" will be delivered by
Dr. Thwinp. There vill also be a tine mu
sical programme by Wig-gins' orchestra.
On Friday evening the teachers are to
be the guests of the Philological Associa
tion of the Pacific Coast at the Mark Hoc
kin? Institute of Art. President Benjamin
Ide Wheeler of the University of Califor
nia will dr-llver the annual address. At
the morning »es«ion In Metropolitan
Temple at 10 David Starr Jordan, presi
dent of Leland Stanford Jr. University,
will talk on "The Hopes of Japan," and
Dr. Thwlng is to address the audience on
"Tools and the Man."
At the last general session on Saturday
at 9:30 a. m.. the teachers will assemble
in the auditorium of the Mission High
School. Hon. Thomas J. Kirk. State Su
perintendent of Public Instruction, is an
nounced to speak on "Suggestions Rela
tive to a Course of Study." Reports will
then be read from the secretary, Mrs. M.
M. Fitzgerald, and from the treasurer.
Philip Prior, and from the heads of
departments. Other reports will be that
of th<» "Commission Upon School Leglsla
i tlon." by Thomas J. Kirk and those of
j the council of education of the committee
i on resolutions. Miscellaneous business
I will then occupy th» attention of the con
, vention, which will close with an 1 nut a lla
j tlon of officers.
I Special subjects will be taken up a? fol
i lows on Thursday at 9:30a. m.: The de
! partment of manual training and drawing
| will meet in the gymnasium of the Mls
; sion High School. The chairman is James
E. Addlcott of the ban Jose State Xormal
! School. There will be a discussion on
I "Should the Drawing Taught in the Pub
! iic Schools Tend to the Industrial or Fine
Arts?" On Friday at the same hour and
I place the department will again meet and
I discuss manual training In the public
¦ schools. Thr-re will be an exhibit of the
;w<«rk in this department to which the
; prblic is invited. On Thursday the de
, partment of fcchool administration will
; meet on the second floor of the Mission
' High School at 9:20 a. m. At the same
i -place and hour, and also on Friday the
j department of cla&Fic and modern lan
i guages will convene. On Thursday at 9:30
! the department of school hygiene meets in
j the Mission High School, as does the. de
i partment of history teachers which
! meets at the same place on Friday morn
j !n at !»:*0. On these two days thp'depart-
I rnrnt of receiving class work and kinder
i gartens will make their headquarters a'nd
1 hold morning meetings commencing at
| 9:30 1n the Mission Hlch School. There
; will also be sessions of the departments
; of music. English, child study, nature
; study and high school science, all at.thp
• Mission High School.
Programme of Lectures and Discus
sions in Every Branch of Ped
agogy Prepared by Those
in Charge.
When the thirty-fourth joint annual ses
sion of the California Teachers* Associa
tion and the San Francisco City and
County Teachers' Institute convenes-- In
Metropolitan Tftnple *it 1:30 o'clock, to
day there will be teachers from almost
every State ischool, however remottt, pres
ent. Yesterday the arrival lint grew stead- I
Educators Come From All
Quarters to Attend An
nual Convention.
STATE'S TEACHERS
FLOCK TO CITY
Removes an Odd, Street Character.
DIES AS A PAUPER YET
LEAVES MUCH HIDDEN GOLD
The Passing* of , Silent Mary, the Pencil Seller,
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, DECEMBER 26, 1 iH)O.
12
[This Tells TKe Story
? One {Opinion taken from over one thousand testimonials
? received from the most prominent physicians all over the world
I I DAVID WAL.SH, M. D., f «;'m. Edfn.; Phy.lci»» to the ¦''; '¦'- ;
» J ::.'.' f. L. Western Sliin Hoapltal, London, Kngland.wrltea t
I "I have found Hunyadi-Janos to answer ©very purpose and I invariably prescribe
t it- .Partly, because it can be obtained anywhere and everywhere, partly because of its
>l uniform action, and last, not least .because it is preferred by'my patients."", '
\ Buoy adi Hiss CURES Constipation
\ Dyspepsia, Biliousness and all Stomach and Liver Troubles.
? No Medicine in the world has received such widespread endorsement
I LABELONBOTTLE is BLUEwithRed Centre Panel
'Phone Howard 1021.
113 TAYLOR STREET.
Four Days'
Grocery Special
III 1(0 BoFt Eastern; all brands; f 1 1 n
MfimA Mlf-cu-d-le-an— sweet; per || Q lj
'pound Ii o w
ASK OTHERS' PRICE,
nnnni GWrardellfB Best; regu- l(\ n
uUuuA iar 25c; p" un iyc
•VllOfl Breakfast food: Regular I f| A "
TUUU 15^ =-P° u n<» P«K*aee |UC
Eternized. Made from hard spring wheat.
huUU Petalurna ranch « P er <*°zea oDC
tOUU celved dail >'« P er dozen *t\}v
BUTTER IS LOWER.
U/fMPI/rV O!f] Hermitage or Old HO a
WHIoRtY crow v < i uartslw aUC
Highest proof 1890. Elsewhere $1.25.
BAKING POWDER 30c
•Regular 45c. Never before sold for less.
Cflm Schilling's Best SaJeratus, r A
oUUA p° r » oxind DC
Ask for sample Maple Byrup.
CHAMPAGNE M>=: 39 C
OVDIID Best why pay 75c? rf\ n
oiHUr Per p allon OUC
Our own brand — always special.
• We quote prices in any quantity— ship
gooes everywhere.
EEXD YOUR ORDER.
We will have on sale all this
week elegant-lines of the following
NEW GOODS, Yerg ¦ suitable , for
HOLIDAY PRESENTS;
Fine Battenfcerg Tidies, Scarfs, Center Pieces, Pillow
Shams, Tame Covers and Bed Sets.
Eiderdown Comforters and Pillows In Silk, Satin and
French Sateen CoYering.
Ladles' Feather Boas, Fur Scarfs, Noveltu Belts and Fine
Purses. :?:,v
ladles' and Gents' Initialed HanderchlefSi In S11K, Linen
and Linen Cambric
Gents' Silk Mufflers, Reefers, Scarfs and NoveltD
Neckwear. vg|
Ladles' Lace Collars, Fichus, Ties, Ruffs, Jahots an!
Fancu Neckwear. .
Ladles' and Children's Fine Hosteru and Underwear,
at popular prices.
Gents' Silk, Cashmere and Merino Underwear. Also
complete line of fine Half Hose.
Ladles' Fine Crochet Shawls, In white, pink, black,
arau, hlue and cardinal.
Ladies' and Gents' Silk Umbrellas, with horn, pearl,
natural wood and gun metal handles.
Ladles' and Gents' Best Makes Kid'GloYes of French,
English and German manufacture.
STORE OPEN EVENINGS UNTIL CHRISTMAS,
111, 113. 115. 117. 119. 121 POST STREET,
ADVERTISEMENTS.
. ; . > ; ADVERTISEMENTS.
THE MONEY-SAVING
FURNITURE and CARPET
HOUSE.
our heFgoods haveIrrived.
We invite Ton to see them. You will
save money if you buy from us.
SPECIAL, BARGAINS IN EVERY DE-
PARTMENT.
We have had a large Christmas busi-
ness, but intend to increase our trade by
selling good goods at low prices.
Every article marked in plain figures.
10 PER CENT OFF for CASH
CASH O/f CHCO/T.
KRAGEN FURNITURE CO.,
1015-1017 Market Street,
OPPOSITE TAYLOR ST.
Be "DAMN" RECLINING CHAIR j^.
A Handsome Christmas p&&$7
Easy and Comfortable.
Price $15. Come and see It.
W. A. SCHROCK,
19 N«w Montgomery Street. : y
ST. GERMAIN BILLIARD COMPANY,
Formerly JACOB STRAHLE & CO..
Established 186X
409 MARXXT STREET, 8 AN FBAXCI3C0.
Manufacturers of
Standard Billiard and Pool Table*.
Laser and Steam Beer Pumps.
Billiard Tables on Installments or
Rented. _.
"IJmotjltyT
J. SpeciallsteYrc*BloodPoteon.Gonorr!icea,o?M.?
etrtetarw. Seminal Weakness. ImpotrncsTind I tb*lr
allied Dlsorfar*. Book on Diseases of Meii. free.
Ov«r»yean'e*P«T)ence.Termsroa8onahl«.riniirV
, utlon fceeand sacredly confidential CaS or addrea
: p. noscop. McVcity ji n
2G>; Kearnyst,, Han JFrancUco.C-L