MISS NELLIE HAMPTON, aged 25.
MRS. NANCY BRAMLETT, aged 65.
Those irijured are:.J. B. Hampton, aged
70; Miss Luella Hampton, aged 23; Mrs.
Malinda Jemm, ased 70; Aubrey Hamp
ton, internally hurt; Thomas Hampton,
badly cut and bruised; Emma Hampton,
arm broken; Mrs. P. C. Vernon, collar
bone and rib broken; Ernest Stevens, in
ternally injured; Leslie Stevens, slight
bruises en head; Allen Fly, internal in
juries; Mrs. J. \. . Fly. internal Injuries;
Miss Fly, badly bruised.
All of the sixteen houses were totally
destroyed. Mr. Hampton had $400 in
money and this was blown away and only
a part of it has been recovered.
The baby of Jim Chrisman, colored, re
ported lost, was found 3J0 yards from the
house at 10 o'clock l-«-ing near a branch
uninjured. One of the family dogs was
lying by its side.
At Lavergne. sixteen miles south of here
on the Nashville. Chattanooga and St.
Louis road, the velocity of the wind was
marvelous and from best reports lasted
only' about twenty seconds. In this short
time about thirty-five dwellings were
turned Into kindling wood. The loss of
life Is small compared with the miracu
lous escapes made. The wind made a
swath about 200 yaras wide through the
middle of the town. The Lavergne HlgU
School and the station, the two largest
buildings, were laid flat. The railroad lost
four section houses also. The victims of
the tornado are:
GEORGE ROBERTSON and his six -
months-old child.
Mr. Robertson's house, which was a
strong log structure, was in the middle
of the path of the storm and was laid flat
on the ground. At the time Robertson
and his child had retired and his wife
was sitting near the bed reading, and be
fore the latter could even warn either her
husband or the child death claimed them.
Mrs. Robertson's escape was marvelous.
When found the unfortunate man was
pinned across the back by a large timber
and a great scar was on. the back of hi s
neck. No mark could be discerned on the
body of the child. .Both are thought to
have met Instant death. ¦ .
In almost every home there "were sev
eral injured, those most seriously being:
Mrs. Charlton, collarbone broken; six
year-old child of Mach Jordan, cannot re
cover; Elmore House, seriously injured.
In Williamson County great damage
was done, but the town of Franklin
escaped with a comparatively small loss.
Houses and timber in Sumner County also
suffered considerably, but first reports
sent out from Gallatin were exaggerated.
Great suffering is being experienced by
those deprived of homes at Lavergne and
Nolansville.
The rise in the Cumberland River at
Nashville is the most rapid known in
twenty-five years, the water having
climbed twenty feet in gauge since yester
day morning.
Hundreds of Souses Razed and the
LOSSES IN MISSISSIPPI.
Death Roll Increased.
MEMPHIS. Tenn.. Nov. 21.— Advices re
ceived to-night from the storm-swept sec
tions of Mississippi, Arkansas and
Tennessee indicate that the loss of life
and damage to property la far greater
than at first reported. The difficulties In
the way of securing information from the
devastated sections are almost insur
mountable. The places affected are re
mote anil isolated and at the best they
are not well equipped with means of com
munication and the storm which last
evening carried devastation across the
country at the same time swept away the
wires, so that the telephone and telegraph
wires, alike were put out of service. De
pendence has necessarily been placed on
railroad men and travelers coming from
affected parts.
In Mississippi the greatest loss of life
and damage to property occurred near
Tunica, Lula and Hernando. A report
by courier from a point thirteen miles
from Tunica says that the tornado's de
vastation was so great that It will take
weeks to calculate and repair It. Five
negroes lost their lives on the Haralln
place.
In Tunica the church and a number of
buildings were totally demolished. More
than fifty negroes are missing and It is
feared that several of them perished.
Corn Is reported badly damaged.
At Hernando a white man was killed
and a negro fatally injured by flying
debris. Numerous sawmills, several
residences and hundreds of negro cabins
were blown away. At Love Station J. s.
Doney, a white man, was crushed by fly
ing timbers and is expected to die. The
tornado passed down Coldwater River,
leveling trees and houses in its path.
At Batesville much property damage
was wrought and several persons were
seriously Injured, but no fatalities are re
ported. Several dwelling houses, a num
ber of outhouses and many miles or
fencing were down and scattered.
The roof of the Methodist Church was
twisted off and was blown some distance
from the building. News of terrible havoc
southwest of Batesville Is expected, as
generally the houses In that section are
not securely built.
At ¦ Moscow, ten. miles 'west of La
Grange, several s buildings were swept
away by the wind. No fatalities are re
ported, although many persons ¦ were in
jured.
In Memphis there is heavy loss as a re
sult of the storm. Culverts were washed
out and small bridges were swept away.
Lumber firms 'on Wolf River suffered se
verely from the destruction of logs and
it Is estimated that. their. losses will foot
up between $300,000 and $500,000.
NASHVILLE, Tenn., Nov. 21.—Dis
patches indicate that last night's
storm, which swept over North
ern Mississippi and Central and
Western Tennessee, was one of
I great severity. Advices to the Asso
i elated Press v and from special correspond
, ents show that the loss of life in the ter
! ritory visited by the tornado already
', amounts to sixty-four and the number of
: injured to over fifty. Telegraphic com
! municatlon to the regions visited by the
; cyclone is suspended and it Is feared that
i when the full details are iinown the list
! cf dead will be lengthened.
The following list shows the loss of life,
together with the injured, compiled from
dispatches forced through by courier and
telephone from the devastated territory:
Killed. Injured.
Colnmbin, Tenn •*(» HO
La Grange, Tenn.... .1 0
LnverRne % — 3
Tliompnon 1 °
>olnn«ville 2 8
I Love Station 2 12
j Tunica, Ml** 5 *>
I Lnln. 2Ii*!« . • •* °
! llernando, JIIs* U «
j Ittlti-HYlllr. Ml« > »
(lloslejM Store, Tenn.... U <>
Franklin, Tt-nn O _2
Total* «4 «5
A special from Arkabuckla. Lake
County, Miss., says: Yesterday afternoon
a tornado descended upon this little town
i and as a result of its fearful intensity ten
persons were killed outright and twenty
were Injured. The dead:
JACK KELLUM. aged 10 years.
WILLIAM KELLUM, aged 12 years.
" NICHOLAS BLAKE, aged 24 years.
MRS. WILLIAM McKAY.
FOUR CHILDREN of Mrs. Wiliam Mc-
Kay.
UNKNOWN NEGRO.
NEGRO INFANT.
The injured: Press Blake, seriously hurt
internally; John Parker, internally, seri
ous; Mrs. John Parker, seriously crushed;
John Blake, right leg broken; Alpha
Bakewell. leg broken; Charles Roshell.
seriously hurt in back; G. L. Thomason,
Injured in head: "William Scroggan, hurt
In back; C. A. Parker, painfully bruised;
Mrs. Toombs. painfully hurt; Miss Bunch
Bradley, bruised, not seriously; five chil
dren of Robert Pickles, painfully injured;
Gus Alrldge, bruised; Miss Lottie PIckens,
seriously hurt; Ann Jackson (colored),
seriously hu"rt; colored boy, may die.
The storm overwhelmed the town about
5 o'clock In the afternoon and In a few
minutes nearly every building was de
molished. Many of the victims were
pinned under the wreckage and were ex
tricated ¦with much difficulty. The tor
nado passed to the northeast and caused
much damage through the country dis
tricts. - .
VICTIMS IN TENNESSEE.
Lists of the Dead and Reports of'De
struction of Hundreds of Homes.
NASHVILLE, Tenn., Nov. 2L—Tennes
see was swept last night by the mest
destructive storm ever known in the
State. More than fifty people were killed
and a hundred more Injured, whlla the
damage to houses, timber and other prop
erty will reach large figures. The &torm
'entered the State from Northern Missis
sippi and swept across In a northeasterly
directlon. Great damage is reported from
the counties bordering on Mississippi and
further on. Columbia, In Maury County,
is the heaviest sufferer. Lavergne, No
lansvllle and Gallatln also felt the wind';?
fury, the storm finally losing Its force
against the Cumberland Mountain ran^e.
Columbia's casualties numbi-r twenty- five
dead and some fifty injured, the list, so
far as known, being as tollows: The
dead:
MISSES FLORENCE and EVELYN
FARRELL.
CAPTAIN and MRS. A. F. AYDELOTT.
GUY AYDELOTT.
PAUL AYDELOTT.
JAMES CHERRY.
MISS LIZZIE FORSYTHE.
MRS. TOM GAREL.
MISS M. J. VILES; all white.
— WINFIELD and child.
TOM HACKNEY.
JOHN SCOTT. N
GLASS BROWN and wife,
PETER ADAMS. |
. — FRYESON, cook at the Carels.
Five unknown negroes In the Emer
gency Hospital.
The Injured: Clayton Tucker, badly
bruised and In a dangerous condition; Jo
sie Reed, fatally hurt; Belle Cooper. Mrs.
Jones, Maggie Reed, Lulu Bostick, Mrs.
Sarah Russell, Susie Lovell, all white and
are bruised and have scalp wounds; Will
Hickman. colored, broken thigh; Bob
Howell, colored, seriously hurt in back;
Jim Johnson, Dan Howell, John Fryer,
Lucius Walker. Phllipson, Bill Hick
man. all colored. Injured badly, bruised
and scalp wounds. Lee Farrell was blown
out of the window and badly hurt, but
will not die.
The path of the storm was about 350
yards wide and was through the north
western suburbs of the town. In Its path
everything is completely wrecked. Not
even the iron and stone fence of the arse
nal grounds is standing. The houses of
Captain Aydelott, the Farrells and 'other
large residences were demolished.
With the exception of these four houses
the storm's path was through a section of
the town populated chiefly by negroes and
the poorer classes, and the houses were
hovels. It Is estimated that 150 of them
were totally destroyed and a larger num
ber damaged. The suffering of these peo
ple, rendered homeless and bereft of all
their goods. Is pitiable.
The number of houses destroyed in the
Nolansvllle neighborhood Is sixteen. There
were two fatalities as follows:
GALES ON OCEAN AND LAKE.
Fury of the Winds.
Vessels Wrecked or Disabled by the
ST. JOHNS, N. F., Nov. 21.— The new
steamer Fife, one of Mr. Reid's fleet of
eight mall boats running In the coast
service, was lost in the Straits of Belle
Island Sunday during a dense snow
storm. The vessel was worth $100,000
and It is believed that she was not in
sured. No lives were lost. The crew of
thirty men took to the boats and had a
terrible experience before reaching land.
SOUTHAMPTON. Nov. 21.— The Red
Star steamer Friesland, Captain Nichels,
which sailed from New York November
7 for this port and Antwerp, passed
Hurst Castle at 9:35 this morning In tow
of two tugs. The Friesland's rudder was
disabled. She was taken by the steamer
Cluden In the vicinity of the Scilly
Islands en Monday.
NEW YORK. Nov. 21.-The White Star
liner Oceanic, which arrived this after
noon from Liverpool and Queenstown.
was somewhat delayed by adverse winds
and rough seas. Nearly all the passage
northwest gales, rough and squally
weather, with very high seas, were en
countered. Nothing was seen of the de
layed steamer Kaiser Wllhelm der Grosse.
The Holland-American steamer Amster
dam, from Rotterdam and Boulogne,
which was due to arrive in this port last
Sunday, was sighted off the Sandy Hook"
lightship at 6:50 o'clock to-night •
CLEVELAND, Nov. 21.— A heavy west
erly gale, which at times reached a
velocity of sixty' miles an hour, swept
over Northern Ohio to-day, prostrating
telephone and telegraph wires in all di
rections. In this city the wind played
havoc with chimneys, trees and plate
plat-s windows. The temperature Is fall-
Ing rapidly.
¦ The wind and rain created havoc all
over the city, according to the reports re
ceived yesterday by Commissioner Man
son of the Board of Public Works. The
force of the water caused twenty-three
breaks In sewers, twelve of which were
in the old fashioned cement pipe sewers
which were constructed twenty-flve years
The Daisy Rowe was built on Humboldt
Bay In 1S79. She was 117 tons net burden.
94 feet 5 inches long, 29 feet beam and 7
feet 5 Inches deep. George H. Cdll'ns was
her managing owner. She was one of the
best-known schooners in the lumber fleet
and has weathered many a storm in
which larger vessels went £own. A short
time ago she had new masts put in and
was otherwise fully overhauled. Her loss
will como on the owners as she was not
Insured. '.". : rV'''
FXTRY OF WIND AND BATH.
A Night of Dismay and Danger in
the City and on the Bay.
"The Daisy Rowe went ashore at 7 p.
m. and two hours later there waa not
enough of her left to make It worth
while packing it away. After the wreck
we made our way to the lighthouse sta
tion and there the keeper -Sid everything
In his power for us. All that he had was
at our disposal and all night long he min
istered to our wants. Yesterday morning
we walked to Sausallto from the light
house and Just succeeded in catching the
1 p. m. boat for San Francisco. 1 'don't
want any more wrecks In mine."
"That roller threw the schooner so hard
against the rocks that her seams all
opened up and she began to fill. I went
down into the cabin to secure my ciothes
and some $30 In money, but found the
cabin flooded. The forecastie was also
flooded and I saw there was no hope for
the vessel. I told the men to save them
selves. H. Anderson, one of the crew,
volunteered to swim ashore with a Hfo
line. He succeeded, but had a terrible
time of it. The remainder of the crew
got ashore on the line, but when I was
leaving the vessel broke up and I was
caught In the wreckage.
"While I was wondering what was the
matter I noticed that the tlJe was setting
us down Into that little cove jusi this
side of Bonita. in which the City of New
York was wrecked. Even then I did not
think of danger and when we got a3 far
as I thought we ought to go I let ko Jhe
anchors. They would not hold ind we
went on the rocks. Then o.'ie of th« sail
ors named Olsen got over the side and
perched himself on one of the ro?ks
among which we were imbedded. With
out a moment's warning the sea «rol up
and a heavy roller that came In through
the Golden Gate swept him away. Luck
ily It carried him ashore.
"I never saw a vessel break up so ijuick
ly in my life." said Captain Nyman yes
terday. "It seemed as though th-2 ele
ments broke loose the moment we struck
the rocks. When we left Valiejo for Coos
Bay in tow 'of the Frolic all seemed fair
sailing and when we made fail off Lime
PoJnt I had no thought of disaster. There
was a fair sailing breeze anl we haJ the
last of the ebb with us. When off Diablo
the wind fell light, but I thought nothing
of it. never dreaming it was the calm be
foro the storm.
Within an hour there was not enouga of
the Daisy Rowe left on or near the beach
to make a morning's kindllrg wood. At
11 p. m. it was blowing seventy mlks an
hour at Point Bonita and how much
harder it blew after that nobody knDW3
as the wind-gauge was carried away.
crew pulled nlm ashore, but be had a nar
row, escaps. «*i
After many vain attempts the four men
left on the Daisy Rowe got a line ashore
to the two men who had reached land.
Then the desertion of the scnooner began.
Captain Nyman was the last to leave the
boat and while he was making, his way
ashore the Daisy Rowe went to pieces and
be was left struggling in the water. His
Suddenly the Daisy Rowe struck and al
most simultaneously a heavy swell came
In through the Golden Gate and the wind
began to rage. One of the crew got over
the side with the intention of swimming
ashore. A roller came in and threw him
bruised and bleeding on the beach. An
other member of the crew attempted to
take a line ashore and he also was nearly
killed. The captain and four remaining
members of the crew went to secure their
effects, but they found both the fore
castle and cabin full of water and ab
solutely no ; chance of saving a single
thing. All hands lost everything they had
aboard, except what they stood in. p''i\2
' The schooner Daisy Rowe arrived from
Cooa Bay last week and was taken direct
to Vallejo by the tug Frolic. After dis
charging her* cargo of lumber she was
towed down the river and as far as Lime
Point Tuesday afternoon. Captain Ny
man at once made sail, but there was
little wind and the last of the ebb tide
was running. A sudden eddy caught the
boat and set her In for Point Bonita.
When near Diablo all control of the
schooner was lost and she rapidly drifted
in toward the rocks. An attempt was
made to hold her with an anchor, but
there was no holding ground on the rocky
bottom.
Six men had a battle with the elements
on Tuesday night that they will not soon
forget. All of them escaped, thanks to a
friendly wave, but two of them were so
exhausted when they reached the beach
that they would have died had It not been
for the kindly assistance of the lighthouse
keepers, at Point Bonita.
Great Storm Near Point Bonita.
DRIVEN" ON THE ROCKS.
Schooner Daisy Rowe Lost During
It was a wild night on the bay, but for
tunately no serious damage was done. But
In the darkness of the night, with the
wind raging seventy miles an hour, the
schooner Daisy Rowe went on the rocks
near Point Bonita and was battered' into
kindling wood. The crew of six men bat
tled for their lives and won. San Fran
cisco escaped fortunately, therefore, from
one of the most furious storms in Its ex
perience.-
Houses rocked and swayed, but not as
badly as the Imaginations of nervous men
and women made them believe. Fences
were blown down and here and there the
roof of an unstable structure was blown
away. Sewers were demolished, telephone
and telegraph wires played pranks and
havoc reigned all over the city. At the
Presidio the soldiers suffered from the
onslaught of the elements, and it is esti
mated that $2500 damage was done to tents
and buildings. At I o'clock yesterday
morning the furious wind was at its
height and then the gauge on the .Mills
building registered forty-four miles an
hour.
its fury of wind and rain, was
severer than any other which had visited
the city in years, but the weather prophet
assures us that it is all over and that the
people of the East and Southeast are now
suffering the experience which so agi
tated us. Fortunately comparatively lit
tle damage was done to property.
SAX FRANCISCO Is drying Its
clothes, mending Ks fences and
trying to recover from the shakes.
The storm of Tuesday night. In
MASKED ROBBERS HOLD UP
THE CANNON BALL TRAIN
Failing to Blow Open the Through Express
Safe Their Haul Is Very Small.
not be effected.
The robbers finally announced that they
had no more dynamite, and then they
gave up the task of forcing open the door.
Then, picking up the local express box
and several packages, they ran to their
horses which had been hitched near by
and rode rapidly away. No attempt was
made to disturb or molest the passen
gers except for an occasional shot at an
Inquisitive passenger who peered out of
a car window.
Messenger Avery was badly hurt about
the head and face by flying splinters
hurled about by the dynamite explosions.
One side of his face was terribly lacer
ated and several teeth were knocked out.
He was sent to his home at St. Louis oti
the same train.
The top and one side of the express car
were shattered to splinters.
The Sheriff of Hot Springs County or
ganized a posse and started at once in
pursuit of the robbers. The train crew
say the bandits are amateurs, as they
went at their work in a bungling fashion.
All wore masks.
The trainmen say the small box carried
oft by the robbers contained about $500.
It is positively known that the robbers se
cured several sacks of silver coin, con
taining $&o.
ST. LOUIS, Nov. 21. — News was received
here to-night of the holding up of the
Iron Mountain cannon ball train, bound
north, at GlfYord. Ark., a few miles this
Bide of Malvern Junction. The holdup
occurred at 7:30 o'clock and was partici
pated in by half a dozen men.
The bandits had built a huge bonfire on
the track, undoubtedly figuring that It
would cause the engineer to bring the
train to a standstill. He. however, fearing
tin attempted robbery, opened the throt
tle and sought to push through the ob-
Ftructlon. Several ties, of which the fire
was made, caught in the pilot and soon
brought the train to a stop. Instantly
three masked men ordered the engineer
r.nd fireman to leave the engine at once.
Another robber went to the side of the
car, hailed the conductor and ordered
Mm to remain inside. Each' order was
obeyed. While the four robbers were
standing guard and occasionally firing a
phot to frighten the passenpv-rs. th*>ir two
accomplices entered the express car and
ordered Messenger Samuel R. Avery to
"step aside or get to the other corner."
The large safe was charged five times
•with dynamite, each explosion making a
terrific noise and tearing off portions of
the car. A large hole was bored into the
door of the safe, but an entrance could
TO AMEND WAR EEVENUE LAW.
Committee Decides to Make Beduc-
tion cf Thirty Millions a Year.
WASHINGTON. Nov. 21.-The Republi
can members of the Ways and Means
Committee made such progress to-day
VflXh the bill to amend the war revenue
law that It is expected that the first draft
will be completed by to-morrow night.
The committee decided to-day to make a
reduction of $30,000,000 a year. This Is the
amount suggested by Secretary Gage yes
terday and It Is understood meets the
views of the President. In fact, the mem
bers of the Ways and Means Committee
who saw the President last evening say
that before Secretary Gage appeared be
fore the committee the whole matter had
been carefully considered by the President
ar.d Secretary-
Briefs of interested parties are being re
reived and considered, but the committee
has given no hearings and will not do so.
General Grosvenor was not at the meet
ing to-day, having gone to Ohio for a few
days. -
Seek Reciprocity Treaty.
WASHINGTON. Nov. 21.— Negotiations
r.re In progress between the State Depart
ment and the Russian Government, as
represented by Special Commissioner Kas-
Ron and Embassador Casslni. looking to
the making of a reciprocity treaty under
the terms of the Dingley tariff act. As
both countries are large producers or raw
material, and as Russia is making enor
mous strides in the development of manu
factures of metals and textiles. It Is with
great difficulties that the plenipotentiar
ies can find articles to form the basis for
tariff reductions for such a treaty. A vex
ations commodity, for instance, is sugar,
which is produced In rapidly Increasing
quantities, and Is now marketed In the
Kdted States.
In a Fury of Wind and Rain a Schooner Lost on the Bonita Rocks.
Raging Elements Create Alarm.
SAN FRANCISCO IS STORM-RACKED
BUT ESCAPES WITHOUT INJURY
LONDON, Nov. 22.— At a late hour
last night the information leaked
out that Field Marshal Lord Rob
erts had accidentally received se
vere injuries. The accident oc
curred on Sunday last while Lord P.oberts
was riding. His horse fell with him and
he was shaken and bruised, but no limbs
v.-ere broken. As he lias sir.ce sent uis-
I'Ctches to the War Office, it is believed
that he is performing his usual duties, es
j.ec!a!!y as he has not mentioned the acci
dent.
The officials of the War Office say they
j.re not "in a. position to report arythlng
Early This Morning.
MARSEILLES. Nov. 22. 8:20 a. m.— The
cruiser Gelderland, with former President
Paul Kruger on board, is entering: the
harbor.
KRTJGEB AT MARSEILLES.
The Gelderland Entered the Harbor
The reported death of General Schalk
burger. acting President of the Trans
vaal since Mr. Kruger's departure, is dis
credited here. There is a mere rumor that
ho died at Johannesburg November 9, but
the report lacks confirmation.
in connection with the accident to Lord
Roberts."
THE SCHOONER DAISY ROWE AS SHE APPEARED ON THE ROCKS NEAR POINT BONITA LAST TUESDAY
NIGHT DURING THE HURRICANE. AND HER CAPTAIN, HERMAN NYMAN. THK LITTLE VESSEL WAS
BOUND OUT FOR COOS BAY WHEN SHE WAS DRIVEN TO DESTRUCTION.
FIELD MARSHAL LORD ROBERTS. COMMANDER IN CHIEF OF THE
BRITISH TROOPS IN SOUTH AFRICA. WHO IS REPORTED TO HAVE
BEEN THROWN FJ&OM A HORSE AND SERIOUSLY HURT.
Loss of Life in Southern States May Num
ber Hundreds When Full Details of
Widespread Storm Are Received.
DEATH AND RUIN
IN TORNADO'S WAKE
LORD ROBERTS MEETS
WITH AN ACCIDENT
mander in Chief Is Severely Bruised,
But No Bones Are Broken.
Field Marshal's Horse Falls and the Com-
FIERCE SWEEP OF THE STORM.
HONOLULU, H. T., Nov. 14. — Honolulu and the Hawaiian Inlands have Jast been visited by one of
the tvornt triad ntorms that has been experienced for years. The weather bureau nay* that the nturm
fa making; it™ way to the Pacific Coast, where it is likely to be severe. For three days from the !»th
a continuous Kale blew over all the Island*, mnklncr heavy Mead in the channel* and compelllni; many
of the Inland vessel* to remain weather bound In nafe place*. No damage 1* reported. The steamer
Ktnaa lost one native sailor overboard and waa not able to recover him. Two men fell from the
steamer .Maul and were rescued. They -were ensrnu«-«l in n flttht on the after deck of the ateamer.
when n violent lurch- threw them over. Both were natives and utrone awlnimera and they awam after
the vessel till they were picked np.
PRICE FrVE CENTS.
SAN FRANCISCO, THURSDAY, NOVEMBER 22, 1900.
VOLUME LXXXVIII-NO. 175.
Continued on Second Page*
ago. Eight breaks were discovered In
the small Ironstone and three in the
brick sewers. A large number of storm
water Inlets at the street crossings wera
clogged, especially where the streets are
not paved or are only macadamized.
Fences were blown down at the corners
of Flllmore and Geary. Washington and
Gough, Valencia and Fourteenth and Mar
ket and Fifteenth streets. Manson sa>-3
that in all case3 where fences were blown
down they were twenty feet In height and
this he considers a good argument against
high fences. Two sections of the fence
around Branch Jail No. 3 were blown
down, and it is likely that a low cement
fence will replace It.
The wind blew the skylight off Judge
Hunt's courtroom and his cases wera
tried in Justice Barry's courtroom. Man
son states that the City Hall roof did not
leak and the man who is keeping it in re
pair for $2 per day thinks he, had a good
chance for his money, a condition of his
contract being that the roof must kee>
out the rain.
There was a wild time on the front Tues
day r.Ight. Ships dragged their anchors,
tugs were rushing to and fro averting
disasters, telephone and telegraph poles
were thrown to the ground, yachts were
driven ashore and in several instances
houses partially built were leveled to the
ground. "
The bark Edward May was tied up at
Oakland wharf. The gale caused her to
part her mooring line and she was
thrown across the dock against the new
Mall Company's sheds. The bark was
considerably damaged and a portion or
the new sheds Is. wrecked.
The. British ship Cawdor had a narrow
escape from going on Goat Island. She
was anchored off Pacific street and went
adrift early In the gale. The tug Alert
caught her Just asshe was going ashore.
In another minute she would have been,
on the beach and nothing could hav*
saved her. She had forty-five fathoms of
chain out and the tug had to hold her
up against the gale until all that was hove
In. Then the Cawdor was towed tat»
safety.
The French bark Lamordere drifted
from near the Presidio to off the bell on
Alcatraz, where her anchors held. Tha
brig Harriet G came in from Grays Har
bor with a load of lumber and when she
attempted to anchor off Black Point the
wind took possession and she landed
alongside the Lamorciere. Neither ves
sel was damaged. In fact, considering tha
number of narrow escapes on the front,
the amount of damage Is trifling.
The ship Pericles drifted from off Black
Point to near Alcatraz, where her anchors
held.
An unknown pile driver was In collision
with the ship America, carrying away her
topsail yards.
The bark Charles Gounod was ran Into
by a scow schooner. The bark was not
damaged, but the scow was dismasted.
The yawl Royal broke away from her
moorings and collided with the Sausallta
ferry slip. Her port side was stove in
and she Is now at the bottom of the bay.
There was hardly a telephone, outjld«
of the nlckel-ln-the-slot machines, on th«
water front In working order yesterday.
It seems a strange kind of a wind that
would carry away the wires of the regular
subscribers and leave the wires of the
nicbel-in-the-s!ot subscribers standing.
But so it was and there was In conse
quence a big demand for nickels on th«
front yesterday.
All the telegraph poles on the crest o1
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL.LIFE LOST AND
GREAT DAMAGE
DONE IN MAR1N
Camper Drowned on a Marsh
and Havoc Created .
Along the Bay.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SAN RAFAEL, Nov. 21.— One of the
most terrific storms in years swept this
county last night. One life was lost and
thousands of dollars damage to property
has been sustained. Some time during 1
the night an unknown man who had been
camping for a week on marsh below
the broad gauge depot was pinned down
under the wreckage of his overturned
wagon and drowned in the shallow water
that covered the marsh. Kvldently ho
had been sleeping in the wagon when tho
heavy wind overturned the vehicle. From
appearances he had made a hard struggle
to extricate himself. His body was dis
covered this morning and removed to the
morgue, where it awaits identification. In
a book found in the wagon the name
"Black" appears, as does the record of
several purchases made at Santa Cruz on
October 15. The unknown was a chain
mender and tool-sharpener, about 5 feet
3 Inches in height, of light complexion and
about 3S years old.
The storm did great damage throughout
the country. Fences, barns and outbuild
ings on many of the ranches were de
stroyed and at Sausalito and.Tlburon old
timers pronounce it the heaviest Btorm
that has swept the bay shore In twenty
five years. All telegraph and telephone
lines from this city up the coast are down
and the Bollnas road was covered by
fallen trees, which delayed the stag© sev
eral hours. At Sausalito many small
boats were lost and wharves and floats
were in some Instances ruined. The sloop
Cygnus, owned by Dr. Edward Hill, was
driven across the bay on to the rocks of
the west side of Belvedere. The large
yawl Royal was sunk on the west side of
the narrow gauge railroad wharf. Only
her masts are visible above the water.
Captain Johnson's boat landing was
ruined and he lost several small boats.
Charles Forrest lost several small boats
and a large float.
The unfinished house of Peter Wellnltz
at Old Sausalito was blown down, as was
the nearly completed house of Alfred
Willford. The latter fell with • a crash
that startled the whole town. The dam
age here will amount to several thousand
dollars. ,
Last night several fishermen were res
cued more dead than alive -by the soldiers
at Punta Cavallo. Their boat was
wrecked. , :>¦/-;
At Tlburon and Angel Island the storm
broke with terrible force. The new school
house in course of construction at Tiburon
was blown down and the loss will be $1000
The schooner scow Caroline, laden with
sand, was caught In the storm and driven
Into the cove at Belvedere. Being unable
to save her, an attempt. was made to run
her ashore, but she sank In the water be
tween the drawbridge and Belvedere. The
ark La Boheme; owned by Mark Howell
of San Francisco, broke from her moor
ings and knocked down several cottages
on the beach at Belvedere. She then cut
off a portion of a wharf owned by Eugene
Davis and damaged a cottage owned bv
the Belvedere Land Company and occu
pied by Edward Clough. The ark was
picked up near the drawbridge this morn
ing, badly damaged.
At Angel Island the storm played havoc
with the small buildings. On the Govern
ment wharf a fifty-horsepower boiler was
picked up by the wind and- blown fifty
yards into the bay.- The lookout house on
the southwestern point of the Island also
was carried Into the bay. Many small
outhouses followed its example and dis
appeared entirely. . -. „ ,
Last night a French . steel bark was
driven by the wind and heavy. seas' to
within a hundred yards of the shore on
The local rain gauge shows an unusual
rainfall as well. During the twenty-four
hours ending at noon to-day 2.12 Inches
of rain fell, according to the Sanborn
gauge, making a total of 6.37 Inches of
rain for the present season as against
10.19 inches for the same period last sea
son. . » •
The wind did very general damage In
Oakland last night, unlike the storm of
Friday night of last week, which seemed
to strike only in one place. Trees and
fences suffered In nearly every part of
Oakland, and the tall adrcrtlsing fences
There have been only two other occa
sions when the wind reached a velocity
that was of sufficient importance to make
recording worth while. One was on Jan
uary 4, 1895.- when it blew forty miles an
hour, and again on January 10, 1SS9, when
it blew forty-one miles an hour. Last
night between the hours of 12:30 and 1:30
in the morning the wind reached the
greatest velocity.
The worst storm that ever swept over
Oakland struck the town last night, to
the great damage" of electric light, tele
graph and telephone wires, trees, fences
and a few buildings. That it was actually
the worst storm Is shown by the official
records ot % the Chabot Observatory, which
registered the velocity of the wind as
forty-nine miles an hour.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
1118 Broadway, Nov. 21.
Miles an Hour in Oakland.
Wind, Beaches a Velocity of Fifty
WORST STORM IN ITS HISTORY.
Chief McAdle of the local branch of the
Vnited States Weather Bureau is glad
that San Francisco and vicinity are out
cf the throes of the storm. He predicts
that we are now in for a spell of clear
weather, but suggests that residents of
this city carry their ymbrellss, as there
is every likelihood of overuue showers
falling at unexpected moments. Accord-
Ing to his statement given out last even
ing, San Francisco has not experienced in
many years such a heavy storm as that
which passed over It between the hours
of 9 o'clock Tuesday night and 4 o'clock
yesterday morning. At the height of the
storm, which was 1 o'clock yesterday
morning, the wind blew at the rate of
lorty-four miles an hour over the Mills
building. The cups of the wind gauge
which is set on top of the Mills building
spun around 225.000 times in twenty-four
hours. Thii? alone is a marvelous record,
but was surpassed on the night of Febru
ary 22, 1S91. when the wlno reached a
maximum rate of forty-eight miles an
hour and blew the cups off, and on De
cember 23. 1892, when the. wind velocity
over the Mills building was sixty miles an
hour, which Is the record for this city.
Chief McAdie gazed with delight at th«
"beautiful" record automatically printed
by the patent wind gauge. He says it is
the most accurate and one of the prettiest
ever made on this coast, and he pays a
high tribute to his office force for keep
ing the instruments in such splendid
ehape.
He also said that studying the course
of the storm was as interesting 1 to the
Weather Bureau officials as is an annual
football game to the average college en
thusiast. He states that the storm cam©
from the north and its course was traced
with' ease. It is now spending its fury
over the Sierras and traveling at a great
rate of speed. While Chief McAdie Is
happy to say that the storm Is out of his
district, "he regrets that his colleagues fur
ther east are In for some bitterly cold
and disagreeable weather.
Raging Wind Has Gone East.
STORM IS NOW OVER.
Our Weather Prophet Says That the
Vhe same continued for some little time
and to increase the odds aeainst the jacks
a band of hunters Composed of the resi
dents of the surrounding country took n
hand.
The official results and scores of th<»
stake will not be readv until next week.
At last accounts five hares had returned
to the escapes.
Belgian hare and Welsh rarebit figured
on thp bills of fare In many of the homos
near the county line last nisrht and ready
excuses were found for hairs in the soup.
Judge Grace were dispensed with. Dur
inf the storm early yesterday morning
the two outside fences, which form part
of the corral in which the hares are kept,
blew down and some "W and odd bunnies
were given temporary liberty. Rabb.t
drives were soon organized, but the re
s-:lt proved so unsatistaetory that a more
entertalnin" an H . livelier sport was sug
gested. Qr"te a number of hounds, w*tk*"
have figure** as Kood old has-beens of lontr
apo. were on the grounds in charge of
tr-eir owner: and the sight of such a
bunch of fun going to waste was too much
for the long, tails. A general halloo wa9
set up. during which one of the hounds
was "accidentally" slipped. In trying to
catch that one hound the other owner**
forgot their own dogs and In a moment
it looked like a half - dozen wide-open
stakes on the me field.
The greatest damage was to the Bacon
building on the corner of Twelfth and
Washington streets. This damage was so
considerable that it will delay the com
pletion of the building some time.
Oakland was in complete darkness after
midnight. So many live wires were blown
down that Mayor Snow ordered all the
electric circuits in the city shut off. as
a matter of protection to life.
On the last trip to Oakland last night
the steamer Bay City, on the narrow
gaupc run, smashed some piling at the
mole, and the passengers had great diffi
culty in landing. The water washed drin
,wood over the narrow gauge pier and on
one occasion the trains had to be stopped
for a short time while it. was being
cleared away.-
were blown down and blocked the streets
in all direction;?.
The Government property at Fort Baker
was not damaged to any extent. Three
of the tents were blown up against the
side of the building, but will onlv require
upw ropes to make them as pood as new.
There was courslnc at the I'nion Park
grounds yo-terday. but the services of
The old fences surrounding the parade
pround and different buildiners were all
flat on the ground. It is estimated that
it will require £J5nO to restore the fences
and repair other damaged property.
The hospital tents of the General
Hospital resisted the storm and remained
standing, but all of them were more or
le«p damaged.
When order was restored and the storm
had somewhat abated the men were sent
to one of the old wooden buildings and
set to work making quarters for them
selvrs. as it will require Pome time \o
make xhc camp fit for occupancy.
The men. of course, were exposed to thu
fl^mente when their coverings were lift
ed, and as no other accommodations were
to be had the entire I3J0 were compelled to
brave tho storm. Some few were lucky
enough to gain entrance to the frame
buildings used as bath houses and kitch
pup. but the majority spent the night hu.i
dled up acainst the sides of the barracks.
They were enabled to keep warm by mak
ing "strenuous efforts to recover their
clothing, which was scattered in every di
rection. ,. '
the hill at Goat Island were carried away
bv the st< rm and in consequence there
•v. a« no telephonic communication with
the training station yesterday.
The Presidio was exposed to tho full
t-weep of the storm of Tuesday night, anl
a great deal of damage was done. Fences
were blown down, trees uprooted an.l
shingles torn from the roofs of the old
wooden barracks. The greatest amount
of damage was done to the recruit camp.
Yesterday morning but six of the 2<X) coni
ral tents occupied by the "rookie?" were
1< ft standing and they were badly torn
So great was the force of the wind that
the tents were carried twenty or thirty
f<»et from the «->latforms which they cov
ered.
Continued from First Page.
FIERCE SWEEP OF THE STORM
Southern Pacific Interest considered the
name of Mr. Schwerin, vice president and
genera! manager of the company, In con
nection with the presidency, but it was
deemed preferable by all concerned, in
cluding Mr. Schwerin, that the president
should reside in Now York, where the
board of directors Is located. Mr.
Bchwerln remains vice president and gen
eral manager of the company, with head
quarters in San Francisco.
CHARLES X. TWEED, A VICE PRESIDENT OF THE SOUTHERN PA
CIFIC COMPANY; WHO HAS BEEN ELECTED PRESIDENT OF THE
PACIFIC. MAIL STEAMSHIP COMPANY.
ELPORADO. Kar.s.. Nov. 21.— The rase
of itima Jessie Morrison, charped with the
Tnurdcr of Mrs. OHn Castle, Tvas eall<\l
t>efcre Judfie Shinn this morning. The ;
courtroom was crowded and the 'rail de- j
iendam wa? the cynosure of all eyes.
Sh<» entered the courtroom "eanlng bear; j
Sly upon the arm of her father, « x-I J rri- ,
Late Judpo M. II. Morrison. After (freet- >
ins hf r friends with a pleasant sini!«i th«» |
fair defendant, took a seat l>eside »ao ot
her attorneys. Throughout the iryins
rrdfal cf the day she was verfectly com- j
V<isod and shows but little trace of the j
worry which must have born attendant
upon her four months' confinement in
jriron.
Her attorney? opened the baUle by
f-<<kinR to obtain her release on a tecl;- j
nlcallty, but failed.
Ills* Morrison is a^cusvJ of 'laving |
( in ih* throat of Mrs. <"astle on tho nlffht ;
< f June L"2 last. Miss Morrison aivl Oliu i
Castle wore acknowledged lovers. An- i
other face attracted him, however, anJ j
Ye cast hor aside. A week uftcr hh nnr- ]
l !ape. it is alleged. Miss Moi rison entered '
the <"as=tle home and cut the throat of the '
l>rlde with a razor. The injured wonun j
was privrn the best of medical attention; j
but died fourteen days aft'.r the wcunu I
was inflicted.
The urr< ?t of Miss Morrison followed. !
At the preliminary examination sh-» was i
l>r!<i to answer on a charge of murder in i
the first degree and has be?n in jail evei I
t^nce.
The attorney for the defendant yoster- !
rijiy filed a plea asserting ;hat the pre- |
Iftnlnary hearinp ha<1 not been regular i
»n<l that Ms client could not be tried on
a rhargf of murder in the liist iigrao.
A motion for a continuineo. was iben i
filed. j
NEW YORK. Nov. 21.— The board
of directors of the Pacific Mail
Company held a meeting to-«lav
at which Charles N. Tweed.
James Spoyer and Ogden Mill*
were elected directors in place of George
J. Gould, Samuel Thomas and Henry
Hart, resigned.
Mr. Tweed was elected president of the
company on motion of Mr. Harris. The
Pr»c!al l>^iiatch to The 'Jail.
man Seek to Secure Her
Release on a Legal
Technicality.
Attorneys for Accused Wo-
5IGHT FOR LIBERTY
Miss Jessie Morri
son Appears in
Court.
ACCUSED OF
MURDERING
HER RIVAL
GOVERNOR BECKHAM
TAKES A FAIR BRIDE
Kentucky's Chief Executive and the Beau
tiful Miss Fuqua are Married.
TWEED IS PRESIDENT
OF THE PACIFIC MAIL
Schwerin Satisfied to Remain in becond
Place as General Manager.
OWENSBORO, Ky.. Nov. 2t.—Gov
trnor John Grepps Wlckliffs Beck
ham was united In marriage to
night with Mise Jean Raphael Fu
qua. The Governor's staff and all
the State officers from Frankfort, includ
ing Judges of the Court of Appeals and
members of the different State board?, as
sembled in Louisville and came here on a
special train. Distinguished guests from
all parts of the State were in attendance.
REV. HERMANS
AGAIN ELUDES
HIS PURSUERS
Leaves Omaha in
the Nick of
lime.
MURDER CHARGED
Three Countries Are
Seeking Him.
Accused of Killing Three
Women and Police of
Special Dispatch td Th* Call.
OMAHA, N>t>.. Nov. 21.— Rev. Franc!*
Hermans, suspected of homicide on a*
comprehensive -a stalf* as that of the
notorious Dr. Holmes of Philadelphia , hA<
been living In this city or South Omaha
for several weeks, in spite of the effort •<
of the police detectives of time countries
to locate him.
Hermans is Ftispecteil of wiff murder
in his native iand. Sweden, and tho au
thorities of Salt I-ake City charge h'm
with having cremated a young woman
with whom he ;s known to have been in
timate in Utah. The Canadian officers of
the law are active In the hunt for Her
mans. SheiifT J. P\ Howells of Salt Lak'
City, working In conjunction with th<»
local detectives, was here for four day*
in th* attempt to take Hermans into
custody. Thf result of their effort* Is th*»
discovery that the suspected murderer
had been in the vicinity ever Mince h ¦
left Chicago last September until about
two weeks ago. South Omaha was hi*
headquarters. He associated with the em
ployes of the packing houses and oth<»r
large concerns under various aliases. H*»
was planning to open an "office as veterin
ary surgeon In South Omaha about th*»
time he took fright and disappeared. He
is a physician as well as a minister, hav
ing been ship'* physician aboard of the
vessal on which he came tor America,
Sheriff Howells returned this afternoon
to Salt Lake, being convinced that thf
man he is looking for is no longer In the
city. 2
GRASS VALLEY. Nov. 21.— The heav
iest rain storm In this city for several
years has prevailed for the past two days.
The rainfall- for. .the twenty-four hours
From Death.
Grass Valley Citizen's Narrow Escape
CHICO, Nov. 21.— A terrific wind and
rain storm prevailed- here last night.
The precipitation was 3 lnchfes. making
6.98 inches for the season. - The wind
reached a tremendous velocity about mid
night A large section of roof was
blown from the Chlco Iron "Works, while
ornamental and shade trees were leveled
in all parts of the city. At 11:30 o'clock a
tree was blown across the line of the
Chlco' Electric Power and Lighting Com.
pany, putting that system out of ser
vice. Telephone and teleeraph commu
nication wan interfered with, to a great
extent. All' streams are swollen bank
full.
TEAM FALLS FROM BRIDGE.
the Iron Works.
Large Section of Roof Blown From
on the road for Blacks. At one of/ these
arroyos Mr. Qutnn's hat and whip were
found. The rainstorm during the night
temporarily flooded the arroyo, and the
party, surmising that Mr. Qulnn might
have been drowned, searched the ravine.
About a mile below the crossing where his
hat and whip were picked up his body
was found. There was a bruise on one
temple, which evidently resulted from a
fall from the wagon. "Whether he was
killed by the fall, or whether he was only
stunned and lay In the ravine until the
flood waters rose after the storm, may
never be known.
GENTLE ZEPHYR FANS CHIC0.
forth expecting death or worse. Knives i
and swords were held over their heads ,
and all their possessions were taken from |
them except their clothing. They were j.
then made to march to Huailu. their for
mer home. Here they were met by tn 1 
mandarin upon whose advice they nau
gone Into hiding. This man beat and
abused Mr. Green and reproached him tor
not coming to him for advice and protec
tion. The mandarin then said he wouid
send the' party to Chengting-Fu. with au
escort of imperial troops. He assurc.l
them they would receive ample protection
at Chengting-Fu. Th* party was place-1
in tho rough, wooden-wheeled carts of the
country and started on their journey.
About three miles out they were over
taken by the Boxers who had originally
captured them and on reaching Cheng
ting-Fu were refused admission to the city
because of their escort. For three days
and nights, without stop, except at rare
intervals to partake if native food, tno
almost helpless man to whom the slight
est assistance was refused, two women
and two tender children were carted
through the country to Paoting-Fu.
Loaded with abuse, mistreated and suffer
ing, the place literally swarming with
Boxers demanding their lives, the hapless
prisoners were escorted to the yamen of
the chief magistrate. Ting Yuen, who re
fused to receive them. Then occurred a
strange incident. *
Boxer -Pleads for Prisoner.
The chief Boxer himself pleaded for his
prisoners and induced Ting Yuen to come
and speak to Mr. Green. He expressed
sorrow at seeing the condition of Hie
prisoners, and said he would send them
to Tientsin under an escort of imperial
troops and with official passports. He also
offered to provide them wit., sufficient
money to secure food on the journey.
That morning they were taken to a boat,
but found neither troops nor passports.
They were, in fact, again in the hands of
the Boxers, who took them some thirty
miles down the .river, and on Wednesday
afternoon landed them in a marsh-cov
ered with high reeds and informed them
that Ting Yuen had ordered that they
should be put to death and their bodies
disposed of. At this time the children
were undoubtedly the means of saving
the lives of the entire party, for the same
Boxer who had previously Interceded for
them and had evidently conceived a great
fondness for the little ones, cried and told
Mr. Green they must try and reach Tlen
tslrt alone. He then left them and took
the boat away. The money which had
been provided for their -subsistence was
in the copper cash of the country and was
too bulky to carry: therefore the little
band was left entirely helpless In a vast
swamp. To add to their misery violent
storms arose, and toward evening as they
shivered in th«:ir hiding place they heard
bands of Boxers scouring the swamp in
search of them, their presence having
been discovered by some villagers. As
night fell. Mr. Green, almost helpless
from his wounds, made his way, accom
panied by his party, to a house, and was
told by the owner that a friend of his
would take them to Tientsin. Then he
left ostensibly to get a boat and make
arrangements for their escape. After a
while the villager returned, bringing, not
the promised aid, but a large party of
Boxers. The mob burst in the door of the
hut and unmercifully beat with swords
and staves Mr. Green, the women and
children.
Another Cruelty in Sto^re.
Almost insensible, despairing and hope
less, the devoted little party gave up, but
other cruelty was In store for them. The
Boxers decided to take their captives to
a village a mile away - and devised the
means of transporting and torturing them
at the same time. Mr. Green's left hand
was bound to. his left foot: Mrs. Green
and Miss Grieg were tied hands to feet,
left hand to left foot and right hand to
right foot, and the little girl was treated
In the same way. Spear handles were
then thrust under their arm pits and they
were carried to their destination. The lit
tle boy was slung across the back of a
man. In the village of Slnan they were I
thrown down. l>ound. in the filthy mud of I
a courtyard and examined as to their!
identity. Their story was laughed at. the j
examiners ref.J.?lng to believe that any .
foreign devils had been let go by the Box- i
ers, and a deputation was sent to Paoting- j
Vu to ascertain the truth and determine j
the fate of the captives. In the meantime j
the party, bound and trussed like fowls, ;
were thrown into a templf. There they ¦
remained for two days, their hands being
unbound in order to permit them to eat
the meager rations of unground, uncookeu
millet, and t-nld water served to them.
On the third day the deputation returned
from Paoting-Fu and the captives were
told that Ting Yuen had previously or
dered their death and had now repeated
the sentence. Providentially there wern
two sections of Boxers, the civil and th«
military, the former supplying arras and
subsistence to the movement and devising
operations which the latter executed. Th«.
civil section had heard of the defeat of
the Boxers at Taku and elsewhere and
ordere 1 the prisoners to be kept alive, to
be used as hostages should the allies be
sent to destroy the city of Paotlng-Fu.but
should no such movement be made they
would consent to the death of the foreign
ers. To this policy the little party owe
their lives. After two days of misery
they were unbound and allowed dally
walks in the compound with swords ai
their necks, and sleeping in the temple
under a close guard. For three. weeks they
remained In this deplorable captivity,
daily expecting -death, demanded every
day. by the Increasing horde of Boxers,
who Insisted that the women should be
turned over to them alive, to be after
ward put to death. One gleam of hope
they had.
Saved by a Chinese.
A native looking at them through the
window of their prison threw In a piece ot
paper and motioned to Mr. Green to read,
it. Thinking It was only another Insult,
he refused to do so. but on the persistent
gestures of the Chinaman and the insist
ence of the women he did so, and found
written on the paper the following mes
sage: "Do not fear. The Boxers are be
ing killed. I am going to Tientsin and will
inform your Consul."
The Chinaman was true to his word.
Carrying his life in his hands, he made
his way to Tientsin and reported the mat
ter to General Lome-Campbell, the Brit
ish commander. General Lorne-Campbell
immediately wrote to the Fantl of Pao
ting-Fu, threatening reprisal should any
harm befall the Greens or Miss Grieg.
Upon receipt of this message Ting Yuen
sent an official to Sinan to fetch the cap
tives to Paoting-Fu for safe keeping. This
official was informed at Sinan that the
party had been sent away. In reality
they were then secluded in a small room
In the temple because oi the Increasing
demand of the constantly swelling Boxer
mob that the women be handed over to
them. The messenger from the Fantl was
finally told that if he went to Angchou
the prisoners would be delivered to him.
Final Rescue by the French.
On September 5 the prisoners were taken
to Angchou and delivered to Ting Yuen's
representatives, put on a boat and ar
rived at Paoting-Fu September 6. Here
they were put in the common prison and
confined for four days. On receipt of an
other letter from the British commanding
officer at Tientsin, they were removed to
a small house and accorded better treat
ment. In this house 'they remained until
the arrival of the French column on Oct
ober 13. Hearing of the presence of the
French Mr. Green asked why they were
not handed over and was told that the
French had come on business connected
with the railway and had nothing to do
with their case. On the night of the 15th
a servant managed to Inform the French
commandant of the presence of the. party
and early the following morning theli
bondage was broken and they were
handed over to European protection. .
Mr. Green Is now In a hospital In a very
critical state, suffering from dysentery
and collapse.
ending at noon to-day was • 4.73 Inches.
The streets are covered with water and
some damage has been done. The flume
running through Chinatown overflowed
The wind blew a hurricane last night. It
lifted the dry house at the Bullion mine
fully six feet from Its fastenings.
Hal Hansen. a soda manufacturer, had
a thrilling experience in the storm last
night. He was driving a two hourse team
and when near the Maryland mine had to
cross a stream -to get home. His horses
walked off the bridge spanning the creek
and -over went wagon, horses and driver
into the rushing waters. Owing to the
heavy rain during the day the creek was
quite high, and this probably accounts for
the fact that neither driver nor horses
was seriously Injured. Mr. Hansen found
it necessary to cut the harness from the
animals to free them from their perilous
position, and then went to his home for
assistance.
TREES UPROOTED BY GALE.
More Than Seven Inches of Bain
Falls at Laurel.
SANTA CRUZ. Nov. 21.— Evidences of
the heavy storm of last night werj
shown to-day In uprooted trees, prostrate
fences and high water In tha river, which
spread beyond the usual limits, covering
tracts of land and surrounding several
houses. Driftwood and logs floated down
the river and landed on the beach." The'
breakers^ were so "high that the water
reached to the esplanade. Passengers on
the broad-gauge, train ror ban Francisco
got only. as far as Pajaro and then had
to return and take the narrow-gau-e
train. It is reported several hundred feu*
of track- is under ; water below Soiedad"
The Boulder Creek train was neverai
hours late ; this , morning us a tre« fell
upon the track. The rainfall for twenty
four hours. was 3.51 Inches. At Laurel ly,
Jnche3 fell in twenty-four hours, -and at
Glenwood nearly as much.
On hearing their benefactor being beat
en and tortured, Mr. Gieen determined to
give himself up and do what he could to
save his wife and little ones and Miss
Grieg. As the missionary appeared at the
mouth of the cave he was immediately
shot in the face with a charge of fine pel
lets. Wounded and bleeding, he pleaded
for the women and children. Lut without
avail. The Boxers ordered them from the
tunnel and the frightened women came
Gave Himself Up.
PAOTINGFU. Oct. 23.— When the story
of this period of blood and massacre in
China is told, few of its chapters will be
as thrilling as the narrative of the Green
party, who were rescued by the allied
expedition. The talc of their hardship and
abuse and almost miraculous preservation
has leaked to the outer world by piece
meal, but to the correspondent of the As
sociated Press Its details of suffering and
cruelty were told for the first time by
Miss Grieg." Mr. and Mrs. Green, mem
bers of. the British-Chinese Inland Mis
sion,' with their two children, a. boy and
a girl aged five and three years, and Miss
Grieg, an assistant, were stationed at
Huai-Lu, a small town 120 miles south
of this place. During the first week of
July news of thejnassacre was received in
Paoting-Ku and also news of the destruc
tion of the mission at Shunti-Fu, Chao
chon and Shonyang, and of the moving
of the troops from the Shangsl Province
toward Tientsin to attack the foreigners.
On hearing of the state of affairs the lit
tle party moved away to the mountains,
on the advice of the mandarin, to go into
hiding. They took with them only a few
bare necessities, carrying the children
asleep in their arms, and were conducted
by two or three Chinese servants to a Chi
nese temple a short distance back in tha
hills. Here they remained two days, and
were then informed Dy the villagers who
used the temple that they must at once
leave.' , They, were also told that their
home had been destroyed and the site
made the headquarters of a Boxer camp.
Some friendly Chinese showed the party
a small cave a little distance from the
temple, where they remained secreted for
two days and three nights, suffering the
utmost discomforts, their hiding place be
ing only about six feet by four, with
water dripping unceasingly from the roof.
While the party lay in the cave the Box
ers were seen and heard searching the
mountains for the "foreign devils." On
the third day their servants discovered
them and led them to a farm hut, where
; the entire party lived in one small room
for a month., not daring to stir from their
retreat In the'daytlme and only with the
greatest caution at night. On August 13
the Boxers discovered their hiding place,
from which their host had made a tunnel
to a cave a short distance away. The
Boxers demanded that the little band be
given up to them.
Terrible Tortures Endured by the
Green Missionary Party.
BERLIN, Nov. 21.— Count von Walder
see cables from Peking that he will re
turn the viceroys' visit to-day. He' has
advices from Colonel Yorck's corps show
ing that the Chinese Admiral IIo with
10.000 regulars and much artillery is near
Ka!gan prepared to resist energetically
tho further advance r.f the expedition.
Colonel Yorck, therefore, will await re
inforcements before attempting to pro
ceed.
MIRACULOUSLY ESCAPE DEATH.
ST. PETERSBURG.. Nov. 21.-Dispatch
es received to-day at the headquarters of
tho Russian general* staff describe wide
spaces In Manchuria as in a disturbed con
dition. Several small armies of Chinese
regulars have been encountered by the
Russian troops during the last three
weeks and elsewhere robber bands are
raiding and plundering the country, fight
ing on Russian foragers. General Longi
noff, with a mixed force on October 31,
engaged the Chinese about seventy versts
noith of Kwang Tschleng Tse, capturing
300.
A company of guards with two guns,
while on the way to Tielien to reinforce
the Rusu'an garrison there, came into col
lision with a body of Chinese cavalry.
Mukden is tranquil. •
LONDON, Nov. 21.— A special dispatch
from Peking, dated November 19, says the
Kalsan expeditions found Admiral Ho
occupying a strong position at ilsueng
Hwi ami the commanders of the allied
torces decided they were not strong
enough to attack him and sent to Peking
for reinforcements.
TIENTSIN, Nov. 20.— There has been
considerable' firing recently in the neigh
borhood of Tientsin, and owing to report
that the German force of the city would
bo attacked last night the German sen
tries were doubled and a regiment
patrolled the opposite bank of the river.
The remainder of the German troops were
ordered to hold themselves in readiness
I for action at an instant's notice. Nothing
j happened, however, to show cause for
, alarm.
Admiral Ho With Ten Thou
sand Troops Wiil Resist
the Approaching
TIENTSIN IN DANGER
Imperial Troops to
Oppose Advance
of Allies.
FIGHTING
THREATENED
IN CHINA
(For Additional Storm Reports See Page 3.)
To Cure a ¦ Cold in One Day •
Take Laxatlv* Brotno Quinine Tablets, v All
druggists refund the money if it, falls to cure.
E. W. Grove's signature is on each box, Sc. •
WOODLAND,: Nov. 21.— Patrick Qulnn,
an old resident" of Yolo County, died a
lonely death near Blacks Tuesday jhlght.
All : the circumstances of his tragic end
may never.be known. He was in Blacks
Tuesday and I left for home about fifteen
minutes after 5 o'clock, riding in a spring
wagon i and ! driving a' double team. The
Quinn farm is about four miles south
,\vest of Blacks, in the foothljls. •The road
crosses severalarroyos;. which are dry ex
cept'duringa freshet.' - '
This morning the team was found with
out a driver, standing at the corral gate.
A ; - party of seaxchers Immediately started
Death '-.While Driving Home.
Old Resident of Tolo County Meets
PERISHES IN THE STORM.
VANCOUVER, Nov. 21.— A snowstorm
Is sweeping over British Columbia to
night. Intense cold is reported from
many towns. At Doland it is 30 below
zero, and at Laggan the thermometer reg
isters 37 . below zero. The Fraser River
Is frozen over— an unprecedented condi
tion so early in the season— and river nav
igation.is at a standstill.
A storm prevails on the Gulf of Georgia
and practically no ships are moving to
or from Vancouver. Two Japanese fish
ermen are believed to nave been drowned
this evening near the entrance to the har
bor.
ish Columbia.
Mercury Drops Out of Sight in Brit-
the south point of the Island. This morn
ing she was pulled off by several tugs.
In this city the damage wu consider
able. The large gas tank, which furnishes
the supply for Ban Quentln. was blown
down by the wind, and the telegraph and
telephone lines went out of commission.
At Schuetzen Park fences and trees were
razed and the great pavilion was moved
several inches from its foundation.
COLD WAVE AT THE NORTH.
THE- SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, NOVEMBER 22, 1900.
YOUTHFUL. GOVERNOR BECK HAM
OF KENTUCKY AND MISS FLQUA.
HIS BEAUTIFUL BRIDE.
2
ADVERTISEMENTS.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Every Sufferer From Catarrh Knows
That Salves, Lotions, Washes,
Sprays and Douches Do
Not Cure
Powders, lotions, calves, sprays and In-
halers cannot really cure Catarrh, because
this disease Is a blood disease, and local
applications. If they accomplish anything
at all. simply five transient relief.
The catarrhal poisort Is in the blood and
thf mucous membrane of the nose, throat
and trachea tries to relieve the system by
6ecretlng large quantities of mucus, the
discharge sometimes closing up the nos-
trils, dropping into the throat, causing
deafness by closing the Eustachian tubes,
and after a time causing catarrh of stom-
ach or eerlous throat and lung troubles.
A remedy to really cure cat?.rrh must bo
sn Internal remedy which will cleanse
the blood from catarrhal poison and re-
move the fever and congestion frcm the
mucous membrane.
The best and most modern remedies for
this purpose are antiseptics scientifically
known as EucaJyptol. Guaiacol, San-
guinaria and Hydrastin. and while each
of these have been successfully used sep-
arately, yet It has been difficult to get
them all combined in one palatable, con-
venient and efficient form.
The manufacturers of the new catarrh
cure. Stuart's Catarrh Tablets, have suc-
ceeded admirably in accomplishing this
re«ult. They arp large, pleasant tasting
lorenge*. to be dissolved In the mouth.
ihus reaching every part of the mucous
mombrane of the throat and finally the
htomsch.
Unlikje many catarrh remedies. Stuart's
Catarrh Tablets contain no cocaine, opiate
cr any injurious drug whatever and are
rqually beneficial for little children and
aoultsi :
Mr. C. R. Rembrandt of Rochester. N.
Y.. say* : "I know of few people who have
suffered as much as .1 from Catarrh of
the h*ad. throat and stomach. I used
ppiays inhalers and powders for months
at a'tlme with only slight relief and had
no hope of cure. I had not lhe means to
make a change of climate, which seemed
my only char.ce of cure.
"Us* spring I read an account cf some
roirarkable cures made by Stuart's Ca-
terrh Tablets and promptly bought a flfty-
<<nt box from my druggist and oUained
Kuch positive benefit from that one pack-
aee that I continued to use them daily
until I now consider myself entirely free
trrm the disgusting annoyance of catarrh:
my head «s clfar, my digestion all I could
p*k and my hearing, which had begun to
fail as a result of the catarrh, has greatlv
Improved, until I feel I can hear as well
as evrr. They are a household necessity
in my family."
Stuart's Catarrh Tablets are sold by
druggists at DO cents for complete treat-
ment, and for convenience.' safetv And
prompt re«ults they are undoubtedly the
Ions looked for catarrh cure
NO ARGUMENT NEEDED.
'DR. METERS & CO, <^|S1%
Specialists. Disease &&Zr *fc
1 and weakness of agPft
men. Established tSSh "^t&SttimS
1881. Consultation W» "*&"?£<
and private book \%;* \"^ VI
free, at office or by Vi Sii 1 £fWJ
mall. Cures guar- TUB kT &i**4*
" anteed. 731 Mar- fsSBllS'atSjJl
ket street (elevator 2^1«liW«V
entrance). San /^ JragBSjL
From now until
' Dec. :st we will give
a fine stem -winding
watch to every b o y
who buys I4.50 worth
or over, of boys* cloth- |
ing in our Boy's
Clothing Department
— 2fJ floor.
About
the^ ...
Watches
A good, serviceable,
Americ n Watch — stem
wind and stem set.
Dust-proof nickel case,
open face, fancy carved
back.
Ever/ watch in the lot
I is a reliable time-piece.
Boy'sTop Coats $3.50 to $7.50
«« Box •• 4.00 •« 6.50
'•Overcoats 5.C0 «• 8.50
«• Middy Suit* 1.85 •• 8.50
" 2-piece •• 2.55 •• 7.50
Big Boy' 1 School
Suits 5.00" 7.50
it «« Overcoats 7.50" 12.50
• ** "longpants .75 •• a. 50
Boy- 8 icparatc
short pants .25 «« 1.00
" Caps • .20" 1.65
«• Mackintoshes 1.75 «• 5.50
" Waists and
Shim 45 and 75c
" Fancy Vests $1.25 to $3.00
The Red Front
A. J. PRAGER & SONS
, 857-859 MARKET ST.SAN JOSE GETS A DELTJGE,
Away the "Water.
Sewers Not Large Enough to Carry
SAN JOSE, Nov. 21.— Santa Clara Coun
ty has Just experienced the heaviest storm
in years, and the indications are that it
will continue twenty-four hours longer.
Tho rainfall for the twenty-four hours
ending at 9 o'clock this morning was 3.13
Inches, and since then nearly a half-Inch
has fallen. ' This will make a total oZ
more than seven Inches for the season.
Up to the same time last year 4.81 Inches
of rain had fallen.
Last night and this morning the down
pour was almost a deluge. The sewers
In, th« residence portion of the city were
unable to carry away the water, and. be
coming 1 choked, the streets and gutters
were flooded. Telegraph, telephone and
lighting wires were crossed and blown
down and signs and old fences lowered.
Coyote, Guadalup« and Los Gatos creek3
are naif-full of water, but as these hart
been cleaned and straightened there Is no
danger of floods.
At Alum Rock Park the Penetencla
creek Jumped its banks and swept down,
the canyon. Three hundred and nfty feet
of the Alum Rock motor line was car
ried away and the water system at the
park is badly damaged.
This is the first good soaking 1 this valley
bas received since ISM. and the farmers
and orchardlsts are Jubilant, as this will
enable them to go ahead with their work.
People In the flooded districts were busy
moving 1 their household goods and store
effects to higher and dryer places. The.
railroad station was surrounded by water
and no trains came from the south dur
ing the forenoon. A section of the tunnel
near the sand cut below Sargents Sta
tion caved in. and a larpe crew of -work
men is engaged repairing: the damage so
that trains may pass.
The waters receded about noontime, but
rain continues to fall, and there may be a
repetition of the flood If it keeps up.
Bridges, culverts and railroad tracks have
been damaged by the overflow.
GILROT, Nov. 21.— Gllroy was to-day
visited by the greatest flood Binco 1S72.
The waters of the Uvas River overflowed
at an early hour this morning and by 9
o'clock tho entire southern portion, of the
town, from Sixth street south, was a
sheet of water ranging from six Inches to
two feet deep. The north end and north
eastern section were Inundated by the
overflow from the sloughs. Rain has been
falling almost Incessantly for six days and
more than 10 Inches has fallen for the
storm. Durinjj the twenty-four hours up
to 8 o'clock this morning the precipitation
was 4.20 inches, i
Railway Line.
GILHOY STREETS UNDER WATER
Flood Causes Some Loss Along tho
LOSES ELECTION" BET
AND HANGS HIMSELF
Eepublic Tailor's Lack of Judgment
Leads Him to Take His
. Life.
REPUBLIC, Wash., Nov. 21.— Charles
Kramer was found to-day hanging- in
Myer's slaughter-house below Repub
lic. He had been missed since November
9. His body was found by George Raglan,
who visited the slaughter-house. He had
lost $100 on the election and it is supposed
that caused him to take his life. He was
a tailor and had worked for James Price
the greater part of the time for the past
two years. Price speaks highly of him.
Close of Convocation.
SANTA CRUZ. Nov. 21.— The closing
session of the Episcopal Convocation was
held to-day at , Calvary • Church. At 10
o'clock there was a solemn celebration of
the holy communion. Afterward Rev.
Mr. Westlake of Salinas preached an In
spiring- sermon; At noon luncheon was
provided by the ladles of the church and
a social hour was spent at tho rectory.
. •
Checks for Prune-Growers.
SAN JOSE. Nov. 21.— Tha directors of
the California Cured Fruit Association
have completed their computations of the
second dividend on. prunes for the third
district,^ which includes Santa Clara
County, and the \ checks have been ; sent
out.' The figures forthe first and second
districts •will be computed to-morrow and
checks mailed.: : "--v-. ; -
Mrs. Bryan Divorced.
v WOODLAND. : Nov. 2L— The hearing ot
testimony and argument In the^Bryan dl
vorce'case' was '¦ concluded '• to-day. ' Mrs.
Bryan," the plaintiff, was granted a divorce
and the custody of their daughter, ' a
minor. . ' .'-
Colonel Burns' Niece Weds.
WOODLAND, Nov. 21.— Q. V. ,Eakl» of
Knighta Landing and ¦ Miss Minnie Morln
of this 'city, a'niece of Colonel CM.
Burns, 4 were married .In this city to-day
and left for San ; Francisco this after
noon. ' ' " '¦• : . ¦¦ ¦¦'
Precipitation at Kings City.
KING S CITY, Nov. 2i:— It rained heav
ily< here ! last right without cessation, the
precipitation. being, 2.33 inches.
Trout for Santa Cruz Streams.
SANTA CRUZ, Nov. 21.— Game Warden
Welsh has planted In the creeks of this
county during the past few months 85,000
trout
Get only Anheuser-Eusch BrewlngAtis'n brands
of beer— the pure kind. "Xot How Cheap, but
Hok Good" If the motto that governs their
manufacture. No corn or other cheap materials
are u«*d. K. G. Lyons Co., San Francisco
Wholceale Dealer. ¦
For Family Use
If the Jury disagree or render a verdict
of acquittal. Begerow will be tried for the
murder of August Berber, whom he killed
at the time ho slew Joseph Cech.
SAN JOSE, Nov. 21.— Attorneys for
prosecution and defense are making a
hard fight In the Begerow murder trial.
Three days have already been consumed
in argument, and District Attorney Camp
bell will occupy an hour or so to-morrow
morning in closing. "Attorney B. A. Her
rlngton finished the argument for the de
fense this forenoon and was followed by
Mr. Campbell. Judge Lorlgan will charge
the jury and the case will be given to it
about noon.
the Begerow Trial.
Attorneys Making a Hard Fight in
THBEE DAYS OF ARGUMENT.
PORTLAND, Nov. 21.— The; Weather
Bureau to-night issued the following: The
cold weather . in the Pacific Northwest
continues with but slight abatement. The
Indications • now : point;; however, * to^ its
soon giving way to warmer weather,
which is just beginning to show Itself In
Warmer Weather Promised.
LODI, Nov. 21. — Rain came down in
sheets last night and it is still falling
Tho worst feature of the scorm was the
hurricane-like wind. Trees, fences, sign
boards, roof3 and windmills are among
the wreckage this morning. A new bov;i
ing alley, erected only last Saturday, was
leveled to the ground. It is feared that
the. rains 'will play havoc with the pre
paratory work .done on : the new dem- at
Woodbridge, as" the Mokelumne may wash
out the bulkheads and part of tbe levee,
as the latter is of new earth and has not
had time to settle sufficiently to with
stand a tiood.
Should the weather clear now 't will
be a week or more under the most favor
able conditions before the . farmers twill
be able to begin -plowing, so wet and
mushy Is. the.groimd. i However, : there : is
but little complaint, as this ; section * has
not had sufficient rain for the past three
years. _ ""- ¦'
Be Washed Out.
Bulkheads and Part of the Levee May
— o ¦ »
WOODBB.IDGE DAM IN DANGER.
PETALUMA, Xov. 21.— -The wind storm,
accompanied by a deluge of water in the
early hours of this morning, was the
heaviest that has occurred here this sea
son. Considerable damage was done by
the gale. A large storehouse filled with
wagons and provisions of the Cnopius &
Hamilton etore was blown down. Fences
were leveled and shade trees were up
rooted. Sign beards in all parts of town
were wrecked end glass doors and win
dows broken by the force of the wind.
The storm broke the electric light wires
and the town was left in darkness. The
home and Sunset telephone companies
had several lines down, and telegraph
connection with outside points south was
entirely cut off this morning. Included in
the damages due to the storm was the
blowing down of the handsome umbrella
trees in the upper City Park. The trees
were cultivated at considerable expense
and trouble by the Ladies' Improvement
Club and their loss is regretted. Fully a
dozen of the trees are damaged by the
ctorm.
Park Uprooted.
Splendid Umbrella Trees in the City
o »
DAMAGE DONE AT PETAIiTJMA.
The stage, which runs between thi9
place and Lompoc, while crossing tho
creek eighteen miles from here wcj
caught in the current. One of the horses
lost its footing and the driver could not
control the team. The Btage was over
turned and carried down tho stream. The
driver and his five passengers were
thrown into the creek, which was a
raging torrent. All succeeded in reaching
the shore with the exception of S. W.
Parker of Ventura, who was either struck
by the struggling horses or by heavy
driftwood, for his body has not been re
covered. The two lead horses became en
tangled in the harness and were drowned.
The wheelhorses scrambled to the bank
and were rescued. ¦'~.' ;
Superintendent Cox of tho ctag-i com
pany, who was ono of tho passengers, was
carried 300 yards down the stream and
when rescued was revived with difficulty.
The passengers were taken to the homes
of people residing near by and cared for
during the night.
SANTA BARBARA, Nov. 21.— By the
upsetting of a coast line stago in Los
Pueblos Creek to-day S. W. Parker of
Ventura was drowned and four other per
sons narrowly escaped a similar fate.
WILLOWS, Nov. 2L— Rain ; fell in I tor
rents ', here last night,/ accompanied by a
high wind; "The fall during the. night 1 wns
three Inches. > It was ; a welcome down
pour ; and farmers ' are pleased: CIe*nn~
to-day,: •.: :
Welcome Downpour at Willows.
SONOMA, Nov. '21.— The storm which
has prevailed here the pkst three days is
at an • end." - \T6-day : the .sun - " shone
Young grass is up two or three inches all
over, the valley, something hitherto un
known at this time of the year in this
section. ¦ •'••.¦¦> ¦-,.•-.¦...¦»¦-.:
SACRA MENTO, Nov. 21.— The storm of
last night I was one 'of the worst ever ex
perienced' here. .The.wind reached an-ex
treme velocity of sixty miles an hour at
midnight and from that on it decreased
The storm was at an end this morning
and the day has been pleasant.
Beneficial to Pasturage.
High Wind at Sacramento.
Heavy Wind at Merced.
MERCED. Nov. 21.— Rain has been fall
ing here continuously sinco Friday last
and yesterday it was accompanied by a
heavy' • wind that uprooted trea3 and
knocked ; down fences. • In twenty-four
hours one and a quarter inches of water
fell and during the storm 3.57 inches has
fallen.
WOODLAND, Nov. 21.— Tho rainstorm
of Tuesday night was one of the heavfest
that ever visited this section, 2.95 Inches
falling during the night, making a total
of 6.75 inches for the season. A heavy
wind accompanied the rainstorm and
many trees and considerable fencing were
destroyed. . v, ,
Woodland Not Slighted.
MODESTO, Nov. 2L— Rain, which com
menced here on Thursday last, continues,
and last night the fall was the heaviest
since the storm began. The fall for twen
ty-four hours up to 8 o'clock this evening
was 2.94 inches and the total for the
storm 5.C6 inches. The heavy wind last
night uprooted trees and blew down wind
mills and fences. . -Rivers are running
bank full and steadily rising, but the
ground is getting the best soaking It has
had in years. .
Bivers Running Bank Full.
HEALDSBURG. Nov. 21.— A gale of un
usual violence visited this city last night,
blowing down trees, breaking windows
and ; overturning fences, j The municipal
electric light wires were broken and the
city left in total darkness. Sign boards
were torn from their fastenings and
dashed against windows or swung danger
ously about the darkened sidewalks. In
the plaza several trees were uprooted
while others were badly bent and twisted\
The farmers in this vicinity report an ex
tensive loss In fences and damaged trees
Healdsburg In Darkness.
LOS ANGELES. Nov. 21.— Th© lumber
schooner John E. Miller, tossed by wind
and wave, is pounding the wharf at Ven
tura to pieces. She has been deserted by
her crew.
serted by Her Crew at
Ventura.
WHABF TO PIECES
dumber Vessel John E. Miller De-
the approach of a storm from the ocean
that is noted on to-nighfs chart over
Western British Columbia. The high
pressure area over Montana la losing
energy. Heavy snow occurred to-day In
Southern Idaho, but elsewhere in the Pa
cific Northwest fair 'weather has pre
vailed. ¦ -
SCHOONEB POUNDING
Ventura Citizen Loses His Life and Four Other Passengers
Have Narrow Escape? From Death.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
STAGE OVERTURNED WHILE
FORDING SWOLLEN STREAM
der brush has reached such a height that
scarcely any points of this portion of the
valley can be seen. This driveway will
open up new sights and also act as a
safeguard against fires.
Guardian Stevens has a very Interesting
history. In 18C5 he crossed the plains
under General Curtis on an Indian expedi
tion and met many thrilling adventures.
On one occasion while scouting he was
captured by the Indian chief, Raln-in
the-Face, and bound to a' tree with ropes.
Hideous war cries sounded in his ears
throughout the night, preparatory to his
being burned at the stake at sunrise. Gen
eral Curtis sent a detail, which reached
him just in time.
Mr. Stevens came to California In 1872
and became a famous stage driver into
the Yosemito and as such has been in
some of the most exciting stage robberies
on record. After the last hold-up In 1897
he followed the highwayman. Tatum. and
captured him in the vicinity of Marl
posa. During his career as a driver he
has carried many noted people into the
valley, one of them being Mrs. Langtry.
On this trip he distinguished himself by
making the best time ever known in
mountain staging, traveling from Madera
to Yosemlte, a distance of ninety-two
miles, in ten hours and twenty minutes.
YOSEMITE, Nov. 21. — Campers
visiting the Yosemlte Valley next
season will enjoy more privileges
than formerly. The new board
of commissioners has decided
that the camping reservation will ex
tend over more territory. Heretofore
campers were restricted to three particu
lar places— under the Royal' Arches, near
the Yosemite Falls and a small stretch of
ground on the banks of the Merced River.
The great obstacle to campers has al
ways been the lack of places to purchase
fresh meats, bread and horse feed. This
year a bakery, butcher shop, clubhouse
and store have been erected, which will
buppIv the many wants of the campers
and tourists. John T. Stevens, the
guardian of the valley, has ha,d the price
ol hay and barley reduced.
A foot trail has been built from the
Sentinel Hotel to the Happy Isles, a dis
tance of two miles and a half, •winding
around the Merced River and covered by
a canopy of maple and oak trees, afford
ing the sightseer a delightful stroll and
new views of the valley. A broad avenue
also has been completed, extending from
the North Dome to the base of Glacier
Point. At this end of the valley the un-
thrir youngest fiaushter. Miss Helen
"\Yo! r.stock. was united In marriage to
Bamud Frar.kenhoimer. a well known
your.g business mr.n of Stockton. The
ceremony was performed by Rabbi W. IL
Cr^nbcrg cf SncrafflT.to.
The bride iva« attired in a simple gown
of white crgandie over silk. Her sister,
II'.fs Alice Wcinstock, who was brides
maid, was dressed In pink organdie over
Fi;k. Jules Franker.heimer. a brother of
lir.f groom, acted as gToomsman.
The ceremony, which was of a simple
vet impressive character, was witnessed
hy a large number of the friends of the
yaunx couple. The Weinstock residence
was beautifully decorated. The gifts to
the bride were of great elegance and va
riety.
Mr. and Mrs. Frankenhoimer left for
the coast resorts f>3 their wedding trip, at
th<* conclusion of which they will take
up th^ir home In Stockton.
Stockton Business Man and Sacra
mento Miss Made Husband
and "Wife.
SACRAMENTO. Nov. 21.— At the resi
dence ct Mr. and Mrs. H. We'.nstock. Bev
rrtpenth and H streets, this afternoon.
SAMUEL FRA17KEISHEIMER
¦V5TEDS HZLEU' WETN'STOCK
Special Dispatch to The Call.
"WASHINGTON, Nov. 21.— Postmasters
commissioned: Washington— W. T. Finch,
Madrono; Edgar J. Rowland, Lewlsville.
Pensions -issued: California: Original-
Alexander H. Winchester, Lower Lake,
$6; Isaac Hatfleld. Soldiers' Home. Los
Angeles, $6; Lewis Melton, Wheatland, $8;
Joseph M. Horsman, San Jose, $8. In
crease—George D. Patton, Pasadena, $12;
Peter Johnson. Veterans' Home, Napa, $8.
Oregon: Original— William. T. Clark.
Gales, $6. Additional— James N. Howard,
Cornelius, $S. Increase — George W.
Humphries, Lowell, $S.
Washington: Original — James D. Wo
mac, Dunlap, $6; Robert C. Moter, Daven
port, $S. ,
Postoffice Appointments and Pensions
Granted.
INTERESTS THE* COAST.
the Union district, are in the County Jail
charged ¦with having stolen a wagon load
of furniture. A charge of burglary will
be placed against them.
The furniture, which is valued at $150,
belonged to the estate of W. A. I^arkin.
A few years ago the Larkln residence at
Union burned and the furniture that was
saved was removed to a granary on the
place, which was fitted up as a tempor
ary residence. Larkln died nearly a year
ago and the place was being looked after
by a neighbor. On Monday it was discov
ered the granary had been broken open
and the furniture carted away.
Sheriff Langford at once went to work
on the case. Suspicion pointed to Howard
and Brown and they were arrested. How
ard made a full confession. The furniture
had been sold to the Garden City Fur
niture Company for $15. Howard went to
the furniture company's store and said
he wanted to sell some furniture, as he
was moving away. They told him to
bring it in. He borrowed a truck from
one of the neighbors and at 2 o'clock Sat
urday morning he and Brown went to the
Larkin place, broke into the granary and
loaded the furniture into the wagon. At 8
o'clock that morning they drove into town
and sold it. » -
Howard, who is 24 years old, is a grad
uate of the Whlttier Reform School. He
bears a bad reputation at Union and for
some time has terrorized the community.
Brown is only 19 years of age, and was
dragged into the scrape by Howard.
Two San Jose Youths in Jail Await
¦'•¦"¦\--y. Ing Hearing on a Burglary
Charge.
SAN JOSE, Nov. 21.— Ralph Howard and
Harvey Brown, young men residing in
STEAL AND DISPOSE OF
A LOAD OF FURNITURE
VANCOUVER. Nov. 2L— The salmon
combine, which last season controlled tho
output of forty-eight canneries on the.
Fraser River, has collapsed through the
expiration of its time limit and the refus
al of canners to renew the agreement.
An attempt was made to form a trust
capitalized at $3,000,000. for the absorption
and management of all the canneries, but
the plan fell through.
Salmon Combine Collapses.
WILLIAMS, A. T.. Nop. 21.— One of the
most Interesting results growing out of
the recent election of Coconlno County is
what bids fair to be a succession of libel
Fuits. The iirst came to-day, entitled tho
Territory vs. Edwards, tne prosecuting
witness being Sheriff James Johnson. It
is contended that letters were published
for the purpose of injuring Johnson as
nominee for Sheriff, and that their state
ments were absolutely false.
VAL/L.EJO. Nov. 21. — Th© police are
looking- for Howard O. Fuller, a veteran
of Cuba and Manila, "svbo has a charge of
grand larceny against him. Fuller drift
ed into VaHejo recently In the uniform of
a United States regular. He was at ona
time a member of the Knights of Pythias
and he approached members of that order
for assistance. Fred Sweet befriended
him, went security for his board and lodg
ing at the -Wilson House and obtained for
him a position. Fuller repaid his bene
factor by robbing Sweet of such Jewelry
as was to be found in his room. A reward
is offered for his arrest.
Libel Suits After Election.
of Vallejo.
Former Soldier Wanted by the Police
EOBS HIS BENEFACTOR.
SANTA CRUZ, Nov. 21.— John M. Ryan
¦was the first witness called in tho
Buelna-Ryan breach of promise suit this
morning. He testified that when he came
to Santa Cruz and visited Mrs. Buelna
H was because she had sent for him. He
never gave her a ring, but one even
ing she took from his finger a silver ring
and put in its place a gold ring be
longing to her. W lth this witness the de
fense rested Its case.
John Knapp and Frank R. Roberts were
called as character witnesses. They tes
tified that Mrs. Buelna was an honest
and hard-working woman.
Closing argument was commenced at 1
o'clock this afternoon. /.v .
Testifies That He Gave Mrs. Buelna
No Engagement Ring.
EYAN ON THE STAND.
BEL.MONT, Nov. 21.— Ah Lee, a Chi
nese, was arraigned before Justice of the
Peace liattingly of San Mateo on a
charge cf assault with a deadly weapon,
preferred by Adrian \V. Splivalo, son of
C. R. Splivalo, who resides in Belmont.
Young bplivalo when passing near Ah
Lee"s house on the Splivalo place threw
a stone at a can and it strnck the abode
of the Monogolian. Ah Lee followed the
young man to the barn, seized him by the
coat collar and brandished a pistol. He
Eoon released the youth and started
toward the Splivalo residence, brandish
ing the weapon.
Mrs. Splivalo, who was looking out of
an upstairs window, was informed by the
infuriated Chinese that he intended to
kill her son. C. R. Splivalo, returning
home at this time, sent for a local of
ficer, who lodged Ah Lee in the Redwood
City Jail. He was held for trial.
Must Stand Trial for the
Offense.
BELMOUT MONGOLIAN
GOES ON THE WABPATH
Threatens the Xif e of a Youth and
The defense of \\ illiams has been that
he shot to protect his life, which he be
lieved was in danger. The prosecution
claims that Williams did not fear for his
lire when he fired the fatal shots and that
he did not say he acted in self-defense
until he was placed on the witness stand.
The District Attorney closed his opening
argument and the argument for the de
fense was commenced. The case will go
to the jury to-morrow.
"You are entitled to your exception,"
said the District Attorney, "and I beg
your pardon for using it. but the abject
falldown of the defendant on the stand
and the way in which he left it caused me
to use the remark out of pity for the de
fendant and nothing more."
"And then." said Attorney Ashley, "the
wretch came down off the stand."
"We note arf exception to that remark,"
interposed Attorneys Nutter and Budd at
once.
"There was apparently a planned quar
rel," said Uie prosecuting officer, "by
which the defendant sought to tind an ex
cuse for the killing of Martin. Taking
the story of the defendant itself, it can
not save him."
Williams" testimony was gone into state
ment by statement. The defendant's
manner on the stand was described.
STOCKTON, Nov. 2L— District Attorney
Ashley consumed the entire day in tho
Superior Court with his arguments in the
"Williams murder case. Tho courtroom
was crowded.
the Slayer of Conductor
Martin.
District Attorney Ashley Denounces
CLOSING ABGUMENTS
TN WILLIAMS CASE
JOHN S. STEVENS, GUARDIAN OF YOSEMITE VALLET, WHO IS PRE
PARING FOR THE COMFORT OF NEXT YEAR'S CONTINGENT OF
CAMPERS.
A further competitive movement In ro
oent ship charters by San Francisco ship
ping men has made it practically impos
sible for British Columbia lumbermen to
obtain vessels for freight-carrying at auy
price. To fulfill contracts offers* were re
cently made here for ships at rates even
higher than the current charges, but thu
Puget Sound people engaged _the vessels
by an advance on the charter money.
¦VANCOUVER.. Nov. 2L— A Canadian
owned lumber fleet is to be built by Gov
ernment aid, if the plans of representa
tives of the provincial and federal author
ities be carried out. It is claimed that
nothing less than a Government subsidy
for the building and operation of lumber
ships will save this leading industry of
British Columbia from collapse. It is pro
posed to accomplish this by granting a
bonus to Canadian ships on the Pacific
Coast, based on the tonnage carried.. The
lumbermen claim that San Francisco ship
owners, noting the scarcity of deep-wator
vessels, have advanced the rates 60 cents
por thousand on lumber. . Kor the last
twelve months lumber freight rates have
been 60 cents per thousand lower In San
Francisco and Seattle ihan in British Co
lumbia. There is also said to be a fur
ther difference In freight rates in favor
of San Francisco and Puset Sound for
foreign ships. It Is feared that these In
fluences will result in the effectual side
tracking of the British Columbia lumber
business, unless it is fostered.
Bjwclal Dispatch to The CalL
It Is Practically Impossible to
Obtain Freight Ves
: sels.
British. Columbia lumbermen Claim
CLAMORING FOR FEDERAL AID
Canadians Alarmed l)y In
roads of San Francisco
Merchantmen.
DOMINION MAY
SUBSIDIZE ITS
COAST SHIPPING
The men who are back of thl3 venture
are residents of San Francisco. Oakland.
Sacrtunento County and Colusa.
Power will be euypiied to a company
v/hich will socn be organized to run an
electric road from some point most ac
cessible on the Sacramento River to a
point In the sugar pine belt, running pa^t
or near Shingietown and Plateau. This
road will be operated *.n the interest of
Eastern men. who have obtained options
on timber land, and will be used for ship
ping lumber to ths Saciamento River and
contiguous points.
COLUSA. Xov. 21.— The BecUwith Power
Company, \rhlch has been Incorporated
here with Don Ray, S. C. Denson, William
XI. Pierson. Charles Ray and Byron 1).
Beclcwith as directors, with a capital
stock of $750,000. controls six water loca
tions. Five of them are near Saingletown.
Shasta County, thirty miles northeast of
h.ed Bluff J aggrregatins more than 30,0>X>
horsepower. The company will immedi
ately put In a plant, using one of the
water locations lor power, and reserving
the balance to be us-id tn the future as
rc-quired. it wilt conduct electric power
to Keddingr. iveswick and the mines gen
erally throughout .Northern Shasta ar.d
suppiy power and light to Ked .Bluff. Cot
tonwood. Anderson and other town?.
Lines will be constructed to Ked u.utf and
Bedding immediately.
Special Dlepatch to The Call.
Into the Sugar Pine
Delt.
"Will Extend From Some Accessible
Point on the Sacramento River,
DMT TIT A V TH BIT PfiNQTRTTPTFn
Plans oi Projectors ol tbe
Newly Formed Electric
Company.
POWER SUPPLY
FOR NORTHERN
SHASTA COUNTY
ATTACKED AND
BADLY BEATEH
BY JAPANESE
Murderous Assault Upon a
Santa Pe Section
Foreman.
AID COMES IH THS NICK OF TIME
Ero-wn Laborers Employed on tlie
Bailvray Kear Stockton Take
the Offensive Against
"Whites.
l-art evening a train of "empties" came
aior.g about an hour before Quitting time
and the Japanese boarded it and started
f^r camp, despite the protests of the fore
ir.an and overseers. Later en in the even-
Ing twenty of the Japanese sprang upon
the foreman v.hlle the latter was unpro
tected in the toolhouse. They bore him to
the floor ar.d would have beaten him to
death had not a section gang cf white
men come alone and run to the foreman's
rescue. They beat off the brown men
with picks, shovels and spike hammers.
Since then each of the whits bosses has
t.e«?n armed. »«»•",
The Japanese are aroused and it Is
feared they may attempt to kill the fore
men at any titnp. The Sar.ta Fe Is not em
ploying Japar.<-s<* mrough choice, but en
account of inability to pot white labor.
The trouble began on Monday cvetiir.g.
A light raia began falling in the afternoon
and on© p-ang of Japanese wanted to quit
work. They were ordered by the foreman
in continue shovelJr.g; but disobeyed and
l:eld a council cf war. They made a
threatening demonstration toward ths
foreman, but he drew his revolver and
kopt them off.
STOCKTOX. Nov. n.— The SCO or 400
Japanese laborers employed by the Sar.ta
Fe In ballasting the roadbed between this
ciiy ar.d Franklin tunnel have assumed
the offensive against the whites. The scc
ticn bosses seena to inspire no fear in
them and the latter now go heavily
armed. There are about ten bosses to
every 100 Japanese.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL,, THURSDAY, NOVEMBER 22, 1900.
Greater Comforts to Be Enjoyed by the
Valley's Visitors Hereafter.
MORE PRIVILEGES FOR
CAMPERS IN YOSEMITE
3
In taking Swamp-Root you afford
natural help to Nature, for Swamp-
Root Is the most perfect healer
gentle aid to the kidneys that is known
to medical science.
When you are sick or "feel badly,"
the first thing you should do is to afford
aid to your kidneys by using Dr. Kil-
mer's Swamp-Root, the great kidney
remedy.
When your kidneys are not doing
their work, some of the symptoms
which prove it to you are pain or dull
ache In the back, excess of uric add.
gravel, rheumatic pains, sediment In
the urine, scanty supply, scalding irri-
tation in passing it. obliged to go often
during the day and to get up many
times during the night to empty the
bladder; sleeplessness? nervous irrita-
bility., dizziness, irregular heart,
breathlessness, sallow, unhealthy com-
plexion, puffy or dark circles under the
eyes; sometimes the feet, limbs or body
bloat; loss of ambition, general weak-
ness and debility.
i The kidneys are the sewers of tho human
sytem.
Do you know what happens to the
human system when the kidneys be-
come clogged? They are unable to
throw out the impurities from the blood
and become infected with poisons; they
decay, fall apart and pass out in the
urine; the blood, unfiltered, carries the
poison all through the system, and If
not checked death follows.
Laboratory where Swamp-Root, ths Wo:
Tou know what happens to a sewer
when It becomes clogged, don't you?
rld-Ftmous Kidney Remedy, is Prepared.
bottle and let it stand for twenty-four
hours. If upon examination you find
any settlings or sediment, if it Is milky
or cloudy, or if particles float about in
it, disease has gotten a foothold in
your kidneys and Nature is calling for
help.
If you have tho slightest symptom
of kidney or bladder trouble, or If there
is a trace of it in your family history,
you would profit by taking; Swamp -
Root every now and then as a prevent-
ive, and thus absolutely forestall kid-
ney and bladder troubles.
The famous new discovery. Swamp-
Root, has been tested in so many ways.
In hospital work, in private practice,
among tho helpless too poor to pur-
chase relief, and has proved so success-
ful in every case, that a special ar-
rangement has been made with The
Call by which all of our readers who
have not already tried It may have a
sample bottle sent absolutely free by
mall; also a book telling all about kid-
ney and bladder diseases, and contain-
ing some of the thousands of testi-
monial letters from men and women
reclaimed to lives of happiness and
usefulness by means of Swamp-Hoot,
the ereat kidney remedy.
Swamp-Root Is pleasant to take and
Is eo remarkably successful that om-
readers are advised to write for a fr*»e
sample bottle, and to be sure and stat-
that you read this generous offer In tho
San Francisco Dally Call when send-
ing your address to Dr. Kilmer & Co..
Binghamton. N. Y.
If you are already convinced that
Swamp-Root is what you need, you
can purchase the regular fifty-cent
and one dollar size bottles at the dru^
stores everywhere.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Eow ciany a •woman dates a life ol
chronic invalidism from baby's birth.
She tries doctors and different
medicines " with lit-
I 1 tie benefit. Then,
jr?V ; £jjjjjVK fortunately her at-
{§&*&&£&£ tention is called to
JZ*&§#f^£$!i l ~ e remarkable cures
£gSfifcjJ|i?£5£Srii« resulting froRi the
£ f^^v^A use of Dr. Pierce's
Favorite Prescrip-
ts* 1 >*< |^^a tion, and she gives
?'& {^^^?j§? the medicine a trial.
tgk \y^^k Her experience is
ftpL V^""/^^ that of ninety-eight
'i^'ii ' ' ¦ S ' V women out of every
55fy 1~j\ \ 5V hundred who use
8^*3 T^ "Favorite Prescrip-
Y^~— — — <^_ tion" for womanly
ills — she is cured.
iS^^V^5^§ Pierce's Fa-
V&$& y<£<£? yorite Prescription
JflJiJL*-^ i \ is peculiarly a
£ra"~^CNr— r~^— mother's medicine,
jgrjf Jv&tf j^^ -ts use before ma-
»? /wliwft P^§ ternity makes the
j/ i*»yTvV^ C$y baby s advent prac-
tically painless. It
gives the mother strength to nurse
her child. It cures diseases peculiar to
women and cures them permanently.
There is no alcohol, opium, cocaine or
any other narcotic in " Favorite Prescrip-
tion." It is purely a vegetable prepara-
tion and ca::not disagree with the weak-
est constitution.
Mrs. Emerson Allen., of I>orset. Ontario Co.,
Ont.. write-- : "I can truly say that I think Dr.
Pierot's medicines Hie b««t I "have evtr used. I
«ras in very poor health fora long time, dating
from the birth o?niy little (rirl. I tried different
coc*ors and different medicines. I derived very
ra;:cb wore l*e:iefit from your medicine* than
from any other I have ever used. I took four
bottle* of " Favorite Prescription • and three
bottle* of * Oolden Medical Diw>verv,* and I
always keep the ' Pellets ' in the house."
Dr. Pierce's Common Sense Medical
Adviser, paper bound, is sent free on
receipt ci si one-cent stamps to pay
exDense of mailing only. Address Dr.
R/V. Pierce. Buffalo, N. Y.
TV> win pay J2S to any one who cannot b»
cured with cue box ol VERUS PILE CURE.
I*rlc« $2.
Over 5CC3 c=res. Xo claimant for rrward.
"I am «ure my can* of p!lrs tras es bad a^
e~y case could be. I bad them fifteen years
and tried all norta cf remedies. I saw th»
Verus Pl'.e Cure adi'ertls-d. bought a box. with
little hope cf a cure. Imagine ray sarprlsa
v.hen flve applications cured me. It 1« tne
bert In the world. J- MORRIPOV.
"Fa'.t Lake Citv. Utah.
Or ElllngXon Drue Co., Agents, Lo« Angeles.
Cal.
VERUS FILE CUBE CO., Ei. 226, WilSOafclOCi
D2. HALL'S HEINVlG08ATG£S^3ngj
Five hundred reward fcr any aat^"^^!
c&ee we cannot cure. Thl» secret V~* -^T|
r* -m*6y etop» all losses In 24 hours, 1 _ __3
< uref Emissions. lmj>ot«.-ncy, Varl- SjP B 19
cccele. Gonorrhoea. Gleet. Fits 7: ? iW|l
Ktticturf-s, Isit-t Manhood and all tAdbr S»fci
vtrtiri; fleets of stlf-abuss or urM BkJH
excesses. Bent sealed. 12 bottle; t bnlUlUesi
t>m!es. $5; euarante«j to cur« snjr case. Ad-
<5r^fs HALL'S MEDICAL INSTITUTE. 855
! 1 i.s^way. Oakland. Cal. Also for sale at 107IH
y.'.r.TKfi st.. S. K. All private diseases quickly
SHOULD U6E DAMIAXA BITTERS, THE
great ¦ Mexican v remedy; gives health and
ttresfth to sexual crtana. Depot, 223 Market.
k Weak Men and Women
DB. KILMER'S SWAMP-BOOT.
Weak or Diseased Kidneys Poison the Blood ;
Break Down the Entire System and
Bring on Bright's Disease.
To Prove What the Great Kidney Remedy, Swamp-Root, Will
'Do for YOU, AH Onr Readers May Have a Sample
Bott!e Sent Absolutely Free by Mail.
ARE YOUR
KIDNEYS WEAK?
Perhaps you are in doubt about your
kidneys and want to find out. Here's a
simple test.. Take from your urine
passed when you rise in the morning
about four ounces; place it In a glass
•^sr^
if jfe*^l*Py?^ Now q "tf* Y\ f* ir i tn f*
I JWKr §***- LllclL olllL
\a^\A if, 3 hffev Now is the time to test
If? i i 11 i^i$\ our made-to-order depart-
ilil! ! * W % \ W\ rnent.:First,because rainy
¦i$ ! 'i I I \ i fi iwWi weather is the best test of
flffll SSI k llS WR'lf\ cIothin 2 — good clothes re-
riS\ I ! ' ft' $1to!\ tain theirsha P e and color;
fllJIV 1 I j ' f 3S8kI \ second » because from our
Ililll' 1 il llll-talfflil l\ unc^ re^ 5 °f stylish pat-
ivISIiS A It [¦'ffil'W 1 terns y° u are sure to find
lilli \i 'I f)i" : l| ! |ljfl just what you want; third,
iSIJl :i p lit I' Kill fl rl because our made-to-or-
rii If )! IIMIi! der clothes are sold at
1 \ I 1 Hi! reasonable prices-not at
lip Ivi i i vlWmi fanc y' hi § h P rices Iike
S§1^^ most tailors; fourth, be- •
HP^^l^^^™^^ cause we P rotect y° u — i
|!l|i®iiSiw your mone y' s w °rth or :
ill iSralwif y° ur mone y t> ack; suit kept in
ipfii HHf iitilif re P a * r f° r one y ear * ree -
II' \ iwlil fl ffPi'Jf We mal<e sults at a " P ric?5 » b<J t at pr=s:nt '
Vh. reifffl l*i''|lM"i« ars ma!< * n S a s P cclaI run on some at '
' f\ ff'iw Illlln'fi cither In sacks or cutaways— every
? iiuMl^Ia nlw-«a suit E uarantee;1 t0 and w:2r t0 your
H liui! Illfulill Out-of-town orders filled. Write for samples
HsfllH I SiliiilfrTS and self-measuring blank.
i II s-ft\VooP.$fP-
idll 718 Market Street and
y»*^l!!«^ C0P * P ° WeU aQ( * Eddy-Possible Winners.
First race— Autumn, Andrisa. Specifle.
Second race — Mocorito. Xovia. Guess M».
Third race — Modrine. Veiuvtan. Mortgaje.
Fourth race — Diderot. Argot, Andrattua.
Fifth race— Mortgage, Fcnr.ero. Herculean.
Sixth race— PYea Pass. Illusion. Billy Lron«
Had Knockout Drops.
R. H. ,Cuneo, an ex-convict, was . ar
rested on Dupont street yesterday.after
noon l.by. Detectives 7 Wren and Dinan.
When searched he had in' his pockets a
revolver and a bottle of knockout drops.
He was booked at the City Prison on a
charge of carrying a. concealed weapon.
•_- ¦ . „ ••-¦¦¦- —.-••¦. A^ .
Milliners Want Early Closing.
The milliners of San Francisco have In
augurated; a movement' for early closing 1
of millinery- establlshment-j. ' -A. meeting
will be held Sunday: afternoon at 1 o'clock
at R^il Men's | Hall | on Post street to dis
cuss .¦ the: question. and~if ; agreement 13
reached to , take steps to secure the de
slredchanee. - ,, ;
Naval Cadets Defeated.
ANNAPOLIS. Nov. 21.— The University
of Pennsylvania defeated the naval cadets
this afternoon, 28 to 6. Althoug-h. the
score was large the cadets put up a good
game.
Blind Artists' Entertainment.
An entertainment and dance will be
given this evening in Sherman, Clay &
Co.'s Hall for the benefit of the Universal
Service Society. The affair promises to
be a financial as well as social success
Many tickets have been sold and the com
mittee In charge expects to see a laree
outpouring of friends of the afflicted ar
tists.
Mrs. Arnold Sues for Her- Baggage.
OAKLAND. Nov. 21.— Mrs. Maude Ar
nold, the wife of-Biddulph Arnold, the ex
tradited son of Sir Edwin Arnold, is try
ing to recover her baggage that was held
by Mrs. Annie Hutchins, a Berkeley hotel
keeper. Mrs. Arnold this afternoon began
suit against Mrs. Hutchins to recover her
bnsBrage with, damage to the amount of
$100 for its detention.
When Arnold was arrested he was stay
ing: at the 'Walworth Hotel in Berkeley,
and during his tight against extradition
he remained there In charge of. a ; Deputy
United States Marshal. ; ' Paying the ¦ ex
penses of the Marshal rather depleted the
Arnold treasury. < and •• when he- left' his
wife -was forced to remain in, : California
for want of money. Some of .her^friends
finally paid her.board .bill, but .when'she
come toraovei to .'.SanlFranclsco'.'-Mrs.
Hutchins would not allow;her:to take, her
baggage. /-;•:;_; -^ .-_-.?_.
Memory of Patriots Honored.
The Knights of the Red Branch held
a memorial celebration In their hall last
nlgrht in honor of the memory of Irish
patriots. Rev. J. I* O'Neil delivered the
oration, after which the following pro
gramme was ably rendered:
Piano and viloin durt. M. Merlgan and Miss
Nellie Merigan; opening- remarks by Chairman
John Doyle; nong. "West Asleep," Jeremiah
I>e8j>y; sonic, Emerald Quartet; song, Mlsa Etta
M. Welsh, accompanied by Miss Annie Rooney;
•ong:. S. J. Daly; sons. "Shual Airra," Miss M.
Vaughan; "God Save Ireland." Emerald Quar-
Charges Undue Influence.
The hearing of ¦ the action by which
Henry T. Schnltzius, as the representa
tive of several heirs of the late Mrs. Eliz
abeth Wynne, seeks to recover J6S7 from
Mrs. Rose Coyne and the Hlbernla Bank
was partially heard by Jude-e Hebbard
yesterday. On October 30 last Mrs. Wynne
went to reside with Mrs. Coyne, her sis
ter. In exchange for the comforts of a
home, it Is alleged. Mrs. Wynne trans
ferred two bank accounts amounting to
$GS7 to Mrs. Coyne. Mrs. Wynne died on
the 3d lnst. Mrs. Schnltzius now a«k3
that the transfer be set aside, alletrin"
that the deceased was of \msound mind
and unduly influenced by Mrs. Coyne
FITZHARRIS A VICTIM:
OF A RUNAWAY HORSE
He Was Deaf and Could Not Hear the
Frightened Animal Coming
His Way.
John Fltzharri'j died at the City Receiv
ing Hospital yesterday from injuries re
ceived by being knocked down on Tuesday
by a runaway horse belonging' to H.
Schwartz of 1514 O'Farrell street.
Schwartz left his horse and buggy stand
ing unhitched in front of the market near
the corner of California and Polk streets.
The hon>e ran away, upsetting 1 the
buggy and knocking down Fitzharris, who
was crossing the street, and being deaf
could not hear the warning cries of the
bystanders. One of the shafts of the
bupgy struck the unfortunate man In the
side, breaking. two of his ribs and inflict
ing other serious Internal injuries.
A lamentable feature of the case was
the fact that Fitzharris was married less
than two weeks a^o to Miss Kruz of Oak
land. His afflicted bride, now a widow,
remained at his bedside until the end
came.
LAY AXL NIGHT IN
HEAVY RAINSTORM
Alonzo "Walker Found I#yingr in Mil-
•via Street Nearly Dead From
Exposure.
BERKELEY, Nov. 21.— Alonzo Walker
was found lying on Mllvia street between
Channing way and Durant avenue this
morning in an unconscious condition. He
had been lying in the heavy rainstorm
nearly all night and was drenched and al
most dead from exposure.
L. M. Williamson, who found the man,
took him to the Contra Costa Water Com
pany's office, where medical aid was sum
moned. Several hours' work was required
to bring Walker to consciousness. He
then fell into a hea'vv. sleep. Later he
was removed to his home on Channing
way.
This evening "Walker roused out of his
sleep and was able to talk,' He said that
white making his way through the blind
ing storm he stumbled and struck his
head on a rock. He was rendered uncon
scious and becoming thoroughly chilled
lay In a Btupor all night.
walker is a scene-slrifter in. the Oak
land Theater. He is a brother-in-law of
Frank McAllister, a business man of this
city. • ... ¦ ¦ . ¦ ¦ ; ;• ¦ y ...¦-¦ :
ON EASTERN TRACKS.
Two Surprises for the Talent at Ben-
nings.
WASHINGTON, Nov. 21.— There were
two big surprises at Bennlngs to-day. / In
the second race Robert Waddell at 20 to 1,
and Charles Estee at 40 to 1 In the fourth
race, both came under the wire winners.
Results:
Six and a half furlongs— Sadie S won. Queen
Carnival second, Orienta third.'. Time, 1:22 1-5.
Five and a half furlongs— Robert Waddell
von, .- McAddle second, Isia . third.. -Tim*.
l:09/-5.
Hurdles, mile and three-quarters, selling-
Draughtsman won. McFonso second, Bosphorus
third. Time. 3:24 1-6. V
Mile and 100 yards, selling— Charles ' Bstes
won, Lancawood Becond. Buffoon third. Time,
l:B2. . ¦ ' .- ' •
- Two-year-olds," celling, six furlongs— The
Puritan won. Little Daisy second. San Luis
third. Time. 1:16 3-5.'
Mile and 100 ynrds— McLeod of Dare won,
Leon Fergufon Becond. Island : Prince third.
Time, 1:52 3-5. • v
Nov.. 21.— Track at New
port very sloppy. Results:
One mile— Little Henry won, Juniper second,
Glenwood thtrd. Time, 1:48%.
Six and a half furlongs, selling— Harry Tho
burn won. I.ord Fraser second. High Jinks
third. Time, 1:2C%.
Mile and a quarter, selling— Albert Vale won,
Kettle Regent second. Barilla third. Time,
2:17. • .
Five and a half furlongs— Ed Adack won. The
Bronze Demon second, Gerraunt third. Time.
1:12%.
Six and a half furlongs. Owners' handicap—
J J T. won. Bummer: second. Lady Smlthmore
third. Time, 1:20%. . '
, One mile, selling— Uterp won. Agitator sec
end. Baffled third. Time,,l:47V&.
BIQ STAKE WILL BE
RUN AT UNION PARK
One Hundred and Twenty-eight Fast
Hounds Entered for Saturday
and Sunday's Event.
The drawing for the Union Park open
stake for Saturday and Sunday was- held
at Pythian Castle last night. One hun
dred and twenty-eight nominations were
made. „ .,, ,
The first train for the park. will leave
Third and Townsend streets Saturday at
10:15 and on Sunday at 9:15 a. m. The
Saturday special for Tanforan will stop
at the park. Next week there will be
two midweek stakes. The draw was as
follows: \ L:-V«. c
Open stake, 12S entries-J. P. Thrift's St.
Michael vs. Captain Cane's Master Davenport;
Chlarinl Bros. 1 Brass Button vs. R.
lor's Beauty Spot; J. P. Thrift's Tyrone
Prince vs. H. A. Deckelman'a, Lawrence; P. J.
Rellly's Honesty -vs. Pasha Kennels^ Fiery
Face: Curtis & Sons' Psyche vs. Russell & Al
len's Belle Claire; K. Geary's America vs. H.
Lynch's Llnton; O. Zahl's Miss Wilson vs. H.
II Gray'a Rona; A. Johnson's Mountain
Beauty vs. E. M. Kellogg'B Iowa Boy; H. H.
Gray's Bannockburn vs. J. ('Carroll's Master
Claire; T. J. Cronln'a Vixen vs. F. A. Mc-
Comb's Crawford Lass; Sterl & Knowles' Oll
ta vs. H. A. Deckelman's Rocker; J. J. Keen
an's Lundln. Links vs. Ersklne & Jones' Lav
ender; Curtis & Sons' McKlnley vs. F. A. Mc-
Comb's Little Sister: H. A. Deckelman's Mas
ter Rocket vs. R. E. do B. Lopez's Warrlgo:
J. II. • Perlgo's Lady Davenport vs. Curtis &
Sons' Rosinante: George Shaman's Bowery
Boy vs H. Lynch's Lyddite; J. Dean's Gallant
vs J. Dean's Slsquoc; J. Maher's Emma M vs.
J - P ;¦ Thrift's Brutus; Pasha Kennels' | Rest
Assured vs. F. Jones' Lovina; K. Geary's Bon
nie Pasha vs. Sterl & Knowles' For Glory;
Curtis & Sons' Cavalier vs. Curtis & Sons'
Narcissus; C. O. Peterson's Silver Cloud vs.
D j ~ Healey's Dreadnaught <late Conne
mautch); T. J. Cronln'B Wild Tralee vs.. Itua
pell & Allen's Talk to Me; Sterl & Knowles'
Sleety. Mist vs. Curtis & Sons' Cash; Curtis &
Sons' Shadow vs. Pasha Kennels* Random
Aim :* Pasha Kennels' Firm Friend vb. W.
Creamer's Jesse Moore; B. Silvia's Re-Annex
vs E. M. Kellogg's Ben's Babe;, J. Keenan's
Slel&h Bells vs. J. Seggerson's Gold Hill;
Acneld Kennels' Agamemnon vs. J. P. Thrift a
Forget: Russell* & Allen's Wedding Bells vs.
R K. de B. Lopez's Crawford Rex;
R E. do B. Lopez's . Wardel vs. P.
StelnhofTs Veto; Russell & ; ; Allen's
First Foot vs. Pasha Kennels' Reckless Archer;
P. J. Rellly's Warship vs. Captain Clarkson's
Golden Garter: J. Carroll's Auckland vi.. J.
McCarthy's John Doe; Curtis & Sons' Bcho vs.
Larkey •¦ & Rock's Ladies' Choice: T. J. ; Cro
nin'B Vandal vs. Russell & Allen's Strayaway;
Maher & Reid's Bad Boy vs. Aeneld Kennels'
'Achilles; J.. Dennis' Mike Fenton vb. Ov Zahl's
Tony Bowere; S. 'Garner's -Buckles vs. Erwin
&: Lyons' Silver Wings; Captain Cane's Victor
Queen vs. Geonre Bharman's MIs« Skyrocket;
J. Dean's Warco vs. L. F. Battels' Betsy Bar
row; Acneld Kennels' Aethra vs. Connell
Brothers' St. Helen; & Garner's Buck vs. E.
M. Kellors*s Kid McCoy; Sterl A Knowles'
Rusty Gold vs.. J. Hurley's O K Capitol; Cap
tain Cane's Greenhall vs. J. H. Perlsro'n Con
troller; A. Johnson's Bald Eagle vs. S. El Por
tcTs Cannon Ball; Pasha Kennels' Rud»
Awakening vs. T. J. Cronin's Daisy Dale; Rus
sell & Allen's Spiteful vs. J. E. Hosklng's
King Cashier; George Van Bergen's Red Angus
\p. L. F. Bartels' Best Bargain; P. Rellly's
Lady Granard vs. H. A. Deckelman's Belle
Rocket; D. J. Healey's Urania vs. Chlarln!
Krothers' Bunko Bill; Pasha Kennels' Iloyal
Anne vs. D. J. Healey's' Lady Claire; George
Parkinson's Ben Lomond vs. D. Toland's
Pleasant Girl; F. Jones' Tom Hurllck vs. R.
13. de B. Lopez's 'W'erlbee: T. Tiemey's Lucre
tia Borgia vs. Russell & Allen's Castaway;
Curtis & Sons' ' Warpath vs. Captain Cane's
Ml»s Penman: Pasha Kennels' Rival's Answer
vs. Aeneld' Kennels' Flying' Faster: George
Rhaxman's Chicago Boy vs. F. A. McComb's
Patriot: Pasha Kennels' May Ilempstead vs.
W. Creamer's Onward; George Shannan's The
Doctor vs. Curtis & Sons' War Eagle; J.
Smith's Master Workman vs! F. A. McCoxnb's
Sir Pasha: Curtis & Sons' Kibosh vs. Pasha
Kennels'' Rollicking Airs: H. Lynch's Game
Ccck vs. D. J. Healey's Tapioca: Pasha Ken
nels' Risky Attempt vs. T. W..Bartela' Mac's
Melody.
ASSESSED VALUATION OF
SPRING VALLEY PROPERTY
Statement Filed by Assessor Dodge.
Scott Collect Over One Million
Dollars in Taxes,
Assessor Dodge has prepared a state
ment of the property assessed to the
Spring Valley Water Company, which
will be submitted to the Board of Super
visors to-day. The statement shows the
assessed valuation of the real estate to be
J715.503; improvements, f 528,972; personal
property, $3,938,426; franchise, $3,395,233; to
tal, $10,578,434.
Yesterday was a red letter day In Tax
Collector Scott's office, when more than
$1,250,000 was added to the city's exchequer
from taxes on real estate. All the big
corporations, Including the Southern Pa
cific. Daniel Meyer. Fair estate and most
of the banks paid their taxes, the banks
alone contributing the sum of $922,000 to
the city's coffers. There remain but four
days more In which to pay taxes, for on
November 26 at 6 p. m. they will become
delinquent and fifteen per cent will be
added. Scott says there is about $1,500,000
yet to be collected, but he has provided
abundant facilities to receive the money
with neatness and dispatch. .; :r
DBTJGSTORE PROPBIETOR
BOBBED BY MASKED MEN
Hold Him TJp in His Place* of Busi-
ness and Take Money and
Jewelry.
OAKLAND, Nov. 21.— Clinton A, Smith,
the proprietor . of the drugstore on the
corner of Eighth and Peralta streets in
West Oakland, was held up to-night by
two masked men, who took $30 in cash
and a watch. . .
Mr. Smith was Just closing his store
at 10:30 when two 'men walked up to the
counter. They were medium sized, and
each man had a .handkerchief tied over
his face and carried a revolver. One man
held a revolver at Smith's head while the
other took all the money In the place.
They then searched Smith and took all
the money he had In his pockets and his
watch. AVhile one of the men covered
Smith with his revolver the other pulled
the telephone wires out, preventing Smith
from notifying the police at once. They
then told him that they would shoot him
if he left his store inside of half an hour
and disappeared in the darkness.
Smith managed to get to a telephone
shortly afterward and notified the police.
:A squad of men was sent to search for
the robbers, but they had half an hour's
start and either hid in the railroad yards
or escaped to San Francisco on the train.
About three months ago a clerk In this
same store reported that he had been
robbed, but investigation showed that he
had used the money himself.
Fourth race— Six and a half furlongs; two-
Third race— Six and a half furlongs; three
yfar-olda; handicap:
1368 Puckoy 86 1048 Vesuvian 109
(13(W)Modrlne 131 12S5 Mortgage 102
1359 Doublet 9S 1363 Matt Hosan.... 90
.... Guess Me 105 12S2 NovU 10?
1352 Mocorito 105 1353 Sweet Caporal.105
.... Louise Hooker.,105 .... Our Lizzie 107
12S1 Mldlove 107
Second rac*— Six furlongs; marea; four-year
olds and up; selling:
J. H. Pettlngill presided in the Judges'
stand yesterday. Mr. Pettlngill Is one of
the best-known turf officials in this coun
try and will officiate at Tanforan Park
during the balance of the racing season.
Charley Qulnn and Frank Ireland are
recent arrivals.
"English Bill" Jackman, the bookmaker,
reached here last evening from New York.
Bill was an extensive loser earlier In the
season, but got out at Aqueduct track,
quitting a small winner.
Following are to-day's entries:
First race— One mile; three-year-olds and up:
puree:
1357 Andrlsa 107 1338 Socialist 113
1292 Silver Tone 113 1344 Fonsovannah ..112
1370 Magnus 112 1329 Imp. Mistral. ..115
1357 Autumn 113 1W4 Judge Shrpshr.107
13T.6 None Such 112 135" Specific 110
1341 Los Medanoa...ll5
Track Notes.
Golden Age galloped away from Bedeck
and Articulate In the two-year-old dash.
Very little 1 to 3 was obtainable about
him in the ring.
Credo proved best of a poor lot In a
five and a half furlong spin decided later
on. scoring from Racetto and Choteau at
odds of 7 to 1. • The favorite, I Don't
Know, whose name when a first choice
should be changed to I Don't Think, had
a tempestuous voyage.
Schrelber's colt Boundlee was nosed out
by the favorite, Sybarls. in the last race.
The former led to within a few jumps of
the wire, when Woods got the first choice
tip under desperate riding, getting the ver
dict.
BY F. B. MULHOLLAND.
AMONG the events down for de
cision at Tanf oran Park yester
day was the Doncaster stakes,
for three-year-olds, over seven
furlongs. Of the original list of
nominations. Modrine from the stable of
Green Morris and Sam Hlldreth"s Vul
caln, each Carrying 123 pounds, were the
only ones to respond to the bugle call.
As the heavy going seemed to be all in
favor of Modrine. the big colt was held
a prohibitive 1 to 6 choice In the books,
while pasteboards on the Hildreth horse
could scarcely be peddled out at any
price. Everything went well for the fa
vorite after the start until the turn for
home was neared. Here Coburn on Vul
caJn closed on the leader and soon had
Wedderstrand riding hard. Great beads
of perspiration stood out on the browB of
these who had backed Modrine and a
sigh of relief was heard as he eventually
passed the.Judges winner by a scant neck.
It came within an ace of being an ola
fashloned upset. •• M '.
Whereas It was generally supposed the
track would be sloppy, the wind had ac
complished wonders, for instead the
course was dry and heavy, especially so
next to the rail. Three choices met with
defeat
Black Oslter Joe fUrnished the surprise
of the afternoon by capturing the third
number at odds of 30 to 1. Tossed In with
r mediocre band of platers, the distance
wns considered too short for Randall s
hcrse. In fact, It was, but Genua. Cyril
and Duckoy backed up so badly that Joe
had it his own way at the close, beating
Cyril and Montallade out a length. The
winner was exceedingly well ridden by
McDonald.
After a somewhat extended vacation,
Eddie Jones, the Morello horse, made his
reappearance in the opening run with
Johnny Woods in the saddle. Backed
sparingly at 6 and 8 to 1. he locked horns
in the stretch with Sea Lion, and in a
very close fit at the wire, was first by a
nod. Imperious seems to have lost all
form.
CALIFORNIA SLATE
IS GIVEN A CHANCE
Congressman Kahn Receives Dis
patch Concerning Construction of
Fort Baker Barracks.
California contractors will have a
chance to furnish slate for the construc
tion of the new armv barracks at Fort
Baker. General Ludington has notified.
Congressman Kahn that the Chief Quar
termaster has been directed to receive al
ternate bids for v.sing Eastern or Califor
nia slate on all buildings at Fort Baker.
"When the specifications were sent' out
from the East for the buildings in ques
tion, It was found that Eastern elate was
called for on all but one of the structures.
The local contractors, seeing that there
was discrimination against them, appealed
to Congressman Kahn to help them to got
fair treatment. , Mr. Kahn at once mado
the facts known in Washington and yes
terday the following dispatch was re
ceived by him:
Hon. Julius Kahn, Ban FranctR-o, Cal.: In
response to your telegram of the 17th, the Chief
Quartermaster has been directed to receive al
ternate bids for using Kastern or California
slate on all buildings at Fort Baker.
LUDINOTON.
CHAELES KLEIN SAYS
HIS WIFE WAS CRUEL
Demands Divorce on That Ground.
Decrees Granted and Other
Actions Instituted.
Charles Klein, manager of the Hum
boldt Lumber Mill Company, has tiled suit
for divorce from Frances A. Klein. Cruel
ty is alleged as cause of action. Klein
says In his complaint he married his wife
July 31, 1S89. For some time they lived
happily, he continues, but durinsr the past
year she has added much to his store of
misery. She has constantly scolded, and
nagged him. he says, and although she
continually complained that he returned
from his office on various occasions too
late for dinner at the St. Nicholas Hotel,
where they were living, sh© refused to go
to housekeeping.
Michael J. Kelley has sued Alvlna H.
Kelley for divorce, naming Emerson Har
ris as co-respondent. Kelley alleges that
his wife committed numerous indiscre
tions on July 4 last. In a croas-complalnt
Mrs. Kelley says that it was her husband
¦who violated the marriage vows on the
last national holiday. Kelley. k she claims,
threatened to kill her and by his abuse
forced her to leave him.
Suits for divorce were also filed by
Inger M. Nielsen against Ole Nielsen for
cruelty, Edith E. Collier against John A.
Collier for failure to provide, and Frank
Mullin against Llllle Mullln for deser
tion.
Decrees of divorce were granted yester
day to Celine Kahn from Paul Kahn for
crueltv, Lucy M. Hawthorne from Loyct
Hawthorne for neglect, and L»ucy B.
Meech from Erwin H. Meech for deser
tion.
tt Yf ARD, fierce ar.d furious is the
= I gridiron work going on at
I Berkeley and Palo Alto at the
JX J_ pr^sent tfin<». Five days more
of practice remain before the
big Thanksgiving game and this
time will be j>ut In by hammer and
tongs evolutions. lioth teams have
pone into secret practice. Thin means
ihat new eiirnals, new playp. tricks and
all tb«- polishing work that nts the elev
ens for the climacteric event of the sea
ton are being tried.
At Uerkeiey there has ber-n a swarm of
eraduatee on the litid. lending an assist
ing hand to Coach Kelly. Frank Simpson,
Ixirin Hunt. James Hopper, Sterling Carr
end the ex-Yale center. G'-orge Caiiwal
ladcr. were on the tiejd yesterday coach
ing individuals as to their positional work.
And the California, team needs Just such
coaching, owing to a chain of misfor
tunes the team was not formed until Mon
day and this eleven is subject to changes.
As it stand* to-day the team is made up
cf the following: Cornish, center; Clay,
left guard; Overall, right guard; Pringle,
right tackle; Albertson, left tackle; Wom
ble, right end; Hudson, loft end; Moore,
quarter; Smith, right half: Oammon, left
half, and Uuden, fullback. Stowe's parents
objected strenuously to his playing, so the
plant guard ha.s stripped himself of his
football clothes and is now sulking far
from the scene of action.
Every effort is bt-ing made at Berke
ley to put the men In t!:e best of physical
shape. Al Lean and HufftTdint; are look
ing out for this end of it.
At Stanford the varsity football team
Is undergoing its last week of grilling
work preparatory to the big game. • For
nearly two hours yesterday afternoon the
Tim and second elevens were In the hands
of the coaches. The greater part of that
time the men. were lined up with the ball
In th* hands of the second team in order
that the varsity might have practice in
defensive w.ork. By fierce line bucking
the scrubs were able to force the big team
down the field for a touchdown.
The men generally are in good physical
tions of the football committee of the
league. So is the football committee, ac
cording to the bitter accusation of the
hljsrh schools.
The contretemps, which might end In a
withdrawal or an expulsion of the high
school teams from the league, was caused
b>" a disagreement over complimentary
tickets for the championship game sched
uled for next Saturday afternoon at Fol
som and Sixteenth streets grounds.
Preston K. Rauch, W. A. Klrkpatrlck
and \V. L. Potts, who form the football
committee of the league, offered tho
teams of the Berkeley and Lowell High
Schools sixteen complime'ntaries. At this
there was instant rebellion. Kach team
demanded forty and when they were re
fused, decided through their m«iager3, to
play the frame at the eame time and on
the same ground, but free from the con
trol or auspices of the Academic Athletic
League.
The league committee Is obdurate. To
day it will announce the next highest
teams and will Issue orders for a game
on the Sixteenth-street grounds at the
original scheduled time. The Eolutlon
may mean more than a gridiron battlo.
Time will tell whether peace or a quad
ruple war will result.
condition and with the exception of Cap
tain Burnett and Center Rush Lee all
appeared on the field ready for the game.
On defensive work the linemen play too
high and open. They lack the knack of
petting in under the rush of the opposing
racks. Erb has been placed behind the
line to plug up the holea and is doing
good work. Slaker, as a loose half. Is
strong on defense and a tower of strength
in interference. Stanford, the freshman
half, js playing left end in veteran style,
and may prove the dark horse in the
light for that position. Heavy practice
will continue uniil Monday, when Yost
thinks the team will be well rounded out
in it* work. Quarterback Raitt will be
back for Friday's practice.
WAE IN ACADEMIC LEAGUE.
Contestants for Championship Secede
and Become Independent.
"War has broken out In the football
ranks of the Academic Athletic League.
The contestants for the championship
gridiron honors— the Berkeley High School
and the Lowell High School— are riding
a high horse, according to the declara-
STANKORDS EI-EVEX AS FORMED AT TITK PRESEXT TIME AXD LINED XTP FOR ACTION. THE ONLY
CHANGS 1JKK1/V TO OCCUR IX THE PERSONNEL IS THAT OF QUARTERBACK. RAITT WIIjL RETURN
TO PAIX) ALTO FRIDAY.
TANFORAN* PARK, WEDNESDAY, November 21.— Weather fine. Track heavy.
HUM. FIRST RACE— Seven and a half furlongs; selling; four-year-olds and up: purse. $300.
Index "orae. Age. Weight. Pst St. %. %. Str. Fin. Jockeys. ' Op. ?f" "ci~ «?
.... Eddie, Jones, C 107 5 6 6 H Th Tn Ins J. WoodTTI 4 8 6 8-2
,S;J %** JAon ' * --110 24 21 24 24 25 J. Miller.... 7 10 5 S-5
"27 Campus. 4 104 9 10 7h813h 3n F. Kelly.... 15 6» «» M
J255 Knelvan. 4 1OH 67 10 9^4h 44 Kiley 20 » 20 8
i"™ J^yomlnsr. a ....107 10 9 81 72 52 51 Mourn* .... 7 7 13-2 2
;13B2i Imperious, 5 ....107 11 3H5S 83 65 Coburn 5-2 6-2 2 4-5
I™ ast^ e - 5 »07 8 8 91 10 10 7 1 J. Walsh... 4 8 8-8
™» St. Wood, 4 104 42 6H4h 6 5 81 Weddersfd 8 13 15 6
"« Astor. 4 101 7 5 12 13 7^95 Martin 8 15 13 «
1338 Montanug. ..4_ 1^..11O 3 3 4S 6h 8hl0 McDonald 8 20 20 »
Time— H, :i3'i; 7-15, :ii; ll-ic, 1:10^; 7V$f, 1:33. Good start. AVon first three driving. WJn
?/m Bu ™ s & Waterhouse's br. h. by Morello-Early Rose. Woods on winner outflnlshed
Miller. Sea Lion was best to-day. With more luck Raclvan would have been a con
tender. yoming away poorly. Coburn on Imperious persisted in hugging the rail wher«
w^Ji5L£2SHlI3-JX2S-33r5ix^£lL-^2SiiL£? 3t but ralnt - nParte d. Scratched — Opponent 104.
i:{»7. SKCOXD RACE— Six furlongs; two-year-olds ; pursf, |400.
p^ : f Betting
j^an Horse and Weight. Pst St. H. %. Str. Fin. Jockeys. Op. HI. Cl. PL
( J^ Golden Age 121 1 3 1% 1 '4 1114 1 1H Coburn I 1-3 1-3 1-4 —
1^39 Bedeck .111 21 3 2H23 2 2'4 We.lcUrst'd 5-2 7-2 7-2 —
1339 Artlriilate m| 32 2^3 3 3J. Walsh...) 12 25 25 —
Time— U, :25V4; V-. :49»i; «i. 1:16U, Good start. Won easily. Second and third drivlnff.
A\ inner, S. C. Hlldreth's b. c. by Golden Garter-Nonage. Only a gallop for winner. Ar
ticulate will do In his class.
.laOS. THIRD RACE— Five and a half furlongs; sellln; three-year-olds and up; purse. $350.
_ . Po.l " ~ t . ~Bettln«r ¦
Index Horse, Age, Weight. Pst St. H. %. Str. Fin. Jockeys. Op. HI. Cl. PL
3 n 5 i tler - 10 ** a 1( " 5 "^ 6~2 ~tZ Tl Tl McDonald . 15 30 25 8
9*2 ¦¦ C/rt*- 5 99 3 6 62 Sh 4>J2ns Coburn 4 8 8 3
13u8 Montallada, a. ...101 64 4h 41 8h 31 Mounce .... 6 10 10 4
«« G ,enua, 4 99 2 1 12 13 In 4 2 Vickery.... 8 3 2 1
1318 Moringa, 5 101 7 8 7 H 7 H 6 1 B 2 Tullett « 6 « 8-2
13o9 Wallenstetn. 8... 91 4 5 Sh 86 72 63 J. Waldo... B 8 8 3
1223 Don Luln. 5 9983 83 83 82 71 Logue 15 80 30 10
"34 Duckoy, 3 B4 17 2h Sh 6H820 Ranach .... 2 3 3 1
1330 Onyx, 4 103 9 9 9 9 9 9 Enoe 20 25 25 10
Tlme-3-lG, :1S%; 5-16, -A%%; ty. f. 1:09%; Poor start. Won first three driving. Winner. W. D.
Randall's blk. h. by Fresno-Sister to Jim Douglas. The dogs In front of Jo* barked so
loudly the last part that he was compelled to win. Montallade looked to have been second.
33(«>. FOURTH RACE— Seven furlongs; DoncaRter Stakes; three-year-olda; purse. $773.
|Po. , Betting »
Index Horse and Weight. rPst St. U. H. Str. Fin. Jockeys. Op. Hi. Cl. PL
(1857) Modrine 123 11 12 12 In In jweddersfd 1-5 1-5 1-6 —
1S45 Vulcala 123J 2 2 2 2 2 2 jCoburn 3 5 5-"
Time-H. :13^; %, :39U; %, 1 :04Vi ; %, 1.30'i. Good start. Won driving. Winner. O. B.
Morris' ch. c. by Imp. Sir Modred-Katrine. Vulcaln ran Burprlslngly well in the eoin<.
Modrine pulled up slightly lame. Scratched— GIccoso 102.
i:tTO. FIFTH RACE— Five and a half furlongs; selling'; three-year-olds and up; purse. $300.
_ ... _ __ . Betting
Index Horse, Ag«t, Weight. Pst St. M. %. Str. Fin. Jockeys. Op. HI. CL PL
1342 Credo. 6 93 2 3 2 % 8 2 ... 15 J. Waldo 3 7 7 3
13S4 Racetto, 3 99 8 2 3 1 2 1 ... 2 3 Vickery 10 15 15 6
1127 Choteau. 3 94 4 8 8 5 3 ... 8 2 W.Waldo... « 10 10 4
562 Florlnel II, 3 S7 6 6 11 1 % ... 4 2 Coburn 5-2 4 4 2
1S5S Morelia. 3 9G 97 4 4 H - Logue 12 25 25 10
liiS I Don't Know. a.. 100 64 72 6h ... «% Mounce 6-2 3 8-5 7-10
McFlecknoe. 8 94 15 6 1 S ... 7 1 L. Daly 5 8 6 2
l?60 Tom Sharkey, 8.. 94 3 1 6 K . 7 % ... 8 Martin 10 15 15 •
1202 Magnug. 5 103 7 * Enos 12 SO SO 10
Time— 3-16. :19; 5-18, :44; B^f. 1:10^. Good start. Won easily. Second and third driving.
Winner, C E. Durnell's b. g. by Morello-Prize. Credo had nothing 1 to beat at the finish.
Florinel a trifle short possibly. I Don't Know ran into a strange current of atmosphere
not on the chart. He was badly cut ofr, but teemed _t<> have no speed * t "y^ a y-*f'?5^L-u_- -o
1371; SIXTH RACE— Six and a half furlongs: selling: all ages; purse, $350.
j Po.l ~ ' I I, Betting »
Index Horse and Weight. Ppt St. %. %. Str. Fin. Jockeys. Op. HI. CL PL
(1?.5S) Sybarls, 5 104 3 7 7%5h 22 lnsJ. Woods.... S I »-5 7-19
(]?C9) Boundlee. 8 103 42 12 In 11 24 Buchanan .. 3-2 18-5 13-5 1
1345 Galanthus, 2...... 83 64 6 7 3 EH 8 8 J. Waldo.... 15 25 25 8
1259 Sir Kingston, 3.. 102 28 81 4h 12 43 Martin 4 8 6 2
1S52 Mike-Rice, a 104 11 2n Sh 7206% Tullett 15 JO SO 19
ir.65 Birdie Stone, 2... 89 88 8 66 4 *fc 6 H J. T. Woods « 13 15 •
1S24 Druidess 3 105 76 4h8 8 7V4F. Kelly 30 100 100 49
1146 Bernota, 2 S3 55 62 32 31 8 Ransch 8 6 4 8-5
Time^l-16. :k4: 6-16. :44: 9-16. :57; 6Vjf. 1:24. Good start. Won first three driving. Win
ner. Dr. H. E. Rowell's b. e. by Morello-Deception. Boundlee had no excuse*, Sybari»
collared and outgamed him. Galanthus came strong at the end. Sir Kingston ran in flts
and streaks. Bernota quit in the Btretch. Scratched— Pilot 98, March Seven 99.
Fast first trials by yearlingrs will soon Tie
the order of things, and all horsemen are
on the lookout for fresh racing material.
On Tuesday evening, November 27, thir
teen as superb looking and richly bred
yearlings as have ever been led Into a local
sales ring will be sold to the highest bid
der at Occidental Horse Exchange. Tliey
were bred at A. B. Spreckels' Napa stock
farm, which has produced so many excel
lent, performers, and by such splendl.l
sires as Imp. Crlghton. St. Carlo, Puryear
D, The Judge, Eolo, General Miles and
Ravelston. Imp. Crighton, a grand look
ing 1 horse and a frequent winner in Aus
tralia, has to his credit, among others,
the rare good breadwinner i.anare, pos
sessjng stake class as a two-year-old. , St.
Carlo is famous as having got Rulnart,
Count of Flanders, Lord Marmion and St.
Cuthbert. Pomplno, one of the speediest
of the selling-plater division, is a son of.
Puryear D.
The youngsters to be disposed of, with
their pedigrees, are herewith given:
B. o. by Eolo-Phoebe F, b. f. by Ravelston-
Border Lassie, blk. c. by General Miles-
Picante, ch. c. by Imp. CrigMon-Fatima II,
ch, t. by St. Carlo-Folly, br. t. by Puryear D-
Mise Douglass II, ch. f. by General Miles-
Bridal Veil, ch. f. by General Mlles-Meta II,
blk. . f. by General Miles-Sweet Peggy, ch. c.
by" Imp. Crlchton-Vlllercht, b. f. by Imp.
Crlchton-Antorsla, ch. c. by The Judge-Mali
awo,' b. f. by The Judge-Umatllta.
Frank < Covey, manager of Palo Alto
stock farm, has been specially engaged to
Bell these yearlings.
The entries for the ten stakes of the
California Jockey Club to be decided dur
ing the spring meeting of 1901 were issued
for publication yesterday. The rich $10,000
Burns handicap closed with 103 nomina
tions, the Thornton stake with twenty
eight and the Gebhard for two-year-olds
is represented by the entries of seventy
nine baby racers. The Palace Hotol
stake, Pacific-Union handicap, Gunst
handicap, Lissak handicap, McLaughlin
and Naglee selling stakes and the Follans
bee handicap were also liberally patron
ized.
The entries In the Burns handicap and
Thornton stake are as follows:
The Burns handicap, $10.000— C. T. Boots,
Vlncltor, MacGyle; J. Nagleo Burk. Rosor
monde; Burlingame Stock Farm, Montanlc.
Brutal; Burns & "Waterhouse, Eddie Jones,
First Teuor. Scotch Plaid, Pat Morrisey,
Mortgage, My Gypsy, Elfonse, Mlthridates,
Homage; tVll!Jam Cahill. Rolling Boer; Car
ruthers & Shields, Advance Guard, Precursor,
Tye. Topmast: J. Coffey, Roslnante. Goldone:
Fred Cook, John Baker. The Monk. Great
Bend: W, H. Cornwell, Gartalene; M. J. Daly,
Silver Garter; Doble & Co., Fonsovannah; P.
Dunne, Star Chamber, Scales. Lamachus; C.
E. Durnell. Lothian, Lavator; C. R. Ellison,
Specific; L. H. Ezell. Mary, The Lady; C. E.
Farnum. Ducat: J. F. Fork. Gotobed; W. P.
Fine, Onyx; William H. Fredman, Azim; Hart
Gibson, Pirate Belle, The Star of Bethlehem;
E. Hackett. Yellow Tall; S. C. Hildreth, Au
tumn, Gonfalon, Banj?or, Vulcatn, Wooster
Boy Tlllo, Waring; W. S. Hobart. Imp. Mis
tral: Hughes & Elliott, Sir Rolla: W. B. Jen
nings &- Co., Vesuvian. Andrlpa. Canmore; W.
H. Ketchman, Bell Punch; Paul G. Lane. Joe
Rlpley; P. G-. Lynch. Uarda; W. O'B. Macdon
ough. Beau Ormonde.: John McCaflery, What
Er Lou; Mallowmat Farm, Free Miner; J. J."
Moran, Bathes; G. B. Morris, Favonlus; New
man Sc Esan, Tony Lepplng; Frank Phillips,
Alice Dougherty, Sam Pullen; AV. D. Randall,
Gauntlet. Salvation; R. P. ftlthet. Babbler;
F. J. O'Rourke, The Fretter: Dr. H. E. Rowell,
Gold Badge. Vain, Malay. Imperious. Sybarla:
T. H. Ityan. St. Blmanian. Flaunt; P. Ryan,
Plohn; John F. Schorr, F. \V. Brode, Sea Lion.
Oreenock, Joe' Frey; \V. F. Schulte, Alleviate;
II. J. Seoggan. Florizar; Dolph Shane. Silver
Bullion; J. II. Shields, Jerld: William Shields.
Zoroaster, Handlcapper; A. Simons. Wax, Ow
ensboro; W. B. Sink Jr.. Formero; A. J.
Stemler. Arbaces; E. E. Stimson. Karl Isling
ton: Matt Storm. Morinel; W. A. Streett. The
Benedict: Gill Summers. Torsina, Herculean.
Kalos, C. E. Tillus, Payntz, Don Oralno;
Thompson & Hagerman, Rio Shannon; A.
Wright & Co., El Emperador, Young Mo»ello,
Tempo.
Thornton Stakes, four miles— O. W. Boeseke.
Texarkana- C. T. Boots. Vlncltor, Mlstleton:
Burns & Waterhouse. First Tenor, My Gypsy;
William Cahill, Rollins Boer; Fred Cook. The
Bobby; P. Corrigan, Commonwealth Attorney;
W. P. Dingley, None Such; Doble &. Co.,
Twinkler: C. P. Fink, Iflm: S. C. Hildreth.
Autumn, Bangor, Gonfalon. Wooster Boy. Tlllo;
Hughes & Elliott, Sir Rolla; P. Q. Lynch, Dr.
Marks; G. B. Morris, Favonlus, Locochee: New
man & Egan, Tony LeppinK: W. D. Randall,
Gauntlet; Dr. W. H. Rixford, Colonel Root: T.
H. Ryan. St. Simonian, H. J. Bcofnran, Flori
znr; C. E. Biles, Payntz; S. W. Streett, MIdlan;
M. F. Tarpey, Gilberto.
The following: handicaps will -close and
name at midnight of Thursday, Novem
ber 22, to be run at /the next Oakland
meeting, beginning December 3, 190):
$S00 — The Monday Handicap, for two-year-olds
and upward. Entrance, $5; {10 additional to ac
cept. The club to add an amount necessary
to make the gross value of the race S300, of
which $100 to second and $50 to third. Entries
cloee Thursday, November > 22. Weights to be
announced Friday, November 30. W.inneTB of
ether than a selling purse after the weights
are announced to carry 8 pounds extra. One
mile and a sixteenth. To be run Monday, De
cember 8.
$S00 — Tha Shasta Water Handicap, for two
year-olds and upward. Entrance, $5; $10 addi
tional to accept. The club to add an amount
necessary to make the gross value of the raca
$500, of which $100 to second and $30 to third.
Entries close Thursday. November 22. Weights
and acceptances Wednesday, December 5, at 11
a. m. Winners of other than a selling purse
after weights are announced to carry B pounds
extra. One mile. To be run Thursday, Decem
ber 6.
S1C00— The December Handicap, for thre«-year
olds and upward. Entrance, $3; $16 additional
to accept. The club to add an amount neces
pary to mako the gross value of the race $1000,
of which $150 to second and $76 to third.
Weights and acceptances Wednesday, Decem
ber 12, at 11 a. m. One mile and a furlong. To
be run Thursday, December 13.
Great List of Entries for the
Burns Handicap— Other Rich
Stakes Also Fill
Well.
Richly Bred Youngsters by
Noted Sires Soon to
. Be Auctioned.
YEARLINGS FROM
NAPA STOCK FARM
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, NO YEMBEK 22, 15)00.
POLISHING THE FOOTBALL TEAMS
AT PALO ALTO AND BERKELEY
Coaches of Stanford amd California Driving Elevens
¦
Throogh Fast and Purlous PJay.
Green Morris' Horse Broiosrlht to a Fierce Drive to Win
by a Neck — Ostler Joe a Surprise.
MODRINE NEARLY BEATEN FOR
DONC ASTER STAKE BY VULCAIN
THE CALL'S RACING CHART.
year-olds; handicap:
(1315>Diderot 107 1333 Antfrattus 1"7
1365 Setde 95 1361 Argot 93
Fifth race-Seven furlongs: three-year-olds
and up; purse:
13R2 Herculean 93 135S Pupil W?
1KO Asian IPO 12S5 Mortgafr» 9
12*>3 Formcro 1H> lCfiO Klsht I»llar».. 8<>
1353 Uarda W7: 1257 Lavator 107
Sixth race — Six furlongs; maiden two and
three year olds; purse:
13"»5 Oeor*e Dewey. 97; 1353 Billy Lyons * 7
11S3 Illusion 97| 13.'^ Rasp 52
1344 Free 1'ass 11?! 13C0 Neme»l3 117
.... Asamemnon ... 97 Bonitary tJ
1ZGO Sam Howard... 117 1
4
ADVEBTISEIOiNTS.
Stnatt ptn» Small Dose*
i6maf!Pr!ce»'
little Pills.
They also r*Uem Distress from Dysp^iC
tadlgestion and Too Hearty Eating. A per-
feet rexatdy Cor Dizziness, Nacsea, Drowsi>
cess, Bad Taste fn the Uouth, Coated Tongut
Pain in the Side, TORPID LIVER. They
Regulate the Bowels. . Purd7 Vegetable.
Fortttvely cored feyt&cso
SICK' HEADACHE
AUVEBTISEMEl^S.
Premiums.
-&• J «aCCTW^J'« >» cr nis « Is i» non-pr.l«.-innn»
<<UBw** c^M3 r?me«Jj for <;od«t-u «.
Gleet, Sp»rmato. r h » i.
_flHyinltaJ<i»Ti.*» Whites, unnatural ¦'•-
NqpR# Gmr»at«<l m charK^s, or any in~if :1;v
B<K»jf not to tuietar*. tion, irritation ur uloeri-
PJfTttnu cooi.tlon. tion of mucon.-< m»m.
K»\THEEv*tsCHEUlC«tCo. bran*-- Son-astringeue.
WgAciNClNMUI.O.RT^ Sold by DrajTSlHU,
U. 8. A. >3Bn°r ««nt in piain wnpyr,
etpre««, prepaM. lot
H^rZ^iMllv^Vr'f ¦ -- »Ur seat oa roquMC
The "Welsh, colony which was founded
fcL 1^ Madr yn, Chubut, Argentina, in
1866,'.'to reported by the AdmiraJty to be
do ng well. British warships occasionally
call, and the captain goes around on
" c if
vi3jr OR. JORDAN'S orcat S
HUSEDH OF mm**
Cl isfniTflTtCTgsg.^it.ea*7iausLy.ca. g
Or The Larvest Aaataaicat Mtasemn in the \
s^aAtp*. Vi'oni 'V\eiine-.»» cr »iy contracted 4
MB 2*1 dise»«epc<UI»rJy«ar»dbyttie..lu-^t >
JS'Jl SpeajiJstcnt^ Coast. E«.36yeai, V
fl^^A DR. JCRSAN-?Rr»»T2 CISIASti 4
¦ Wj^%?l Co.nultatioo fr~r »nd stT*'-tlT p-:v»:c \
J M7*X fl «ment p.-rsoMlly or b» lctirr A Q
1 } <|B t-04.ttvt tWotn <r»ery ca.evuuirtaief. \
Til llW W "tofor bodt.PCILOSOPaV.->d
¦ H 11^ JiABanuf.. maiuo paaa. ! A X
n ' valuable book lor mrnj - A
»»- JOUDAX A CO., H5M MartetBt.S. S. f
TO THE PUBLIC I
EAK FRANCISCO. Oct.
/SSv^'BJb *• I* 0 *-— To whom It may
#HH™*^3 concern: This Is to certlly
w£5. I lhat DR - WONG HIM of
VSC r 116-117 Mason street, San
WE**' I Franclffco. has cured me
/ ef kidney trouble and
Bt&Z— t rheumatism and I am
A^ l:«ppy to make this ftate-
jgl^p JP\ mem. as I find the Doctor
CS^»^*-^B^.^ strictly hone ? t In even 1
'BkCDBBwS' sense Of the word acd an
¦"¦I U.lUiJl.^*^ honorable man in all his
dealings. DK. C A. OAT. Dentist. M2 Second
ave.. EeatUe, Wasb.
PINOLK. Jane a. 1899.-I take this means of
rxpreMing my thanks to Dr. Won* Him. 1U-
117 Mason street. Ban Francl«^>. for having
cured me of kidney, womb trouble and cancer
cf the etomach. I vu a trreat sufferer for U
years and found no permanent relief until I
tried Dr. Wong Him and In six months' time
he baa cured me. Any person wishing me to
certify this can find me.
MRS. OEORGE BETZ.
Pinole, Contra Coeta County, CaL
B. F.. December 4, 1899.— Dr. Wong Him. 115-
II" Mason »t.. 6. F\. Cal.— Dear Sir: For the
tvneflt of others I -wlch to make a. statement of
rr.y cave, which was heart trouble. After treat-
Ing with clx eminent physicians my case was
pronounced Incurable. Hearing of Dr. Wong
Him and his wonderful cures, I decided to try
Ms berto treatment. He did all he claimed, and
after treattmr six months I am now well and
nror.g. Your*, refpectfullyy.
MRS. BARLOW. 1027 Minion ft, 6. 7.
4«% ¦ ¦ A I L» ?.ln A Rand - Waterprr as
|ll Kg II StnckPlre* Powder, In bl ik
I EU tnd leaded In ehelli. Send
ill I Ita* W fcr catalcirue of cportlns
LJ U I B Ur Foo<3«. GEO. W. SH11EVE,
¦ ¦ n* Market at.
E. F. BEDDALL, U. S. Manager.
SuD#CTlb<»d and sworn to before me. this 23d
day of January. 1000.
EDMtTNT> HARVKY. Notary Public.
ROLLA V. WATT, Manager,
PACIFIC DEPARTMENT,
ROYAL INSURANCE BUILDING,
Corner Fine and Sanssme Sts.
BRANCH OFFICE - - - - 310 PINE STREET.
GORDON & FRASER, .Manners.
Net amount of risks
•written during the
year $630,938,063 $5,338,13113
Net amount of risks
expired during the
year I 5S3.973.4t7 4.775.1S3 71
Net amount In force!
December 31. l!W....f 791.04i>.731 7.in2.3ft2 »*
Risks and Premiums. IFire Risks.
UNITED STATES BRANCH.
STATEMENT
—OB* THE—
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
—OV THE—
H\L A^r 3i a aL a
INSURANCE COMPANY
OP LIVERPOOL, ENGLAND. ON THE 31ST
day of December. A. D. 1899. and for ths»
year ending on that day. as made to the
Insurance Commissioner cf the State of Cali-
fornia, pursuant to the provisions of Sections
(10 and 611 of the Political Code, condensed as
per bli-nk furnished by tha Commissioner.
ASSETS.
Real estate owned by company. ..'...$2.14*,":>0 05
Loans on bonds and mortgages 220.0CO CO
Cash market value of a'.l stocks and
bonds owned by company J.736.S03 ;3
Cash In company's office 2.351 ?1
Cash In banks t 348.8X2 OS
Interest due and accrued on all
stocks and leans 44,037 43
Interest due and accrued oa bonds
and mortgages 1.218 t>7
Premiums in due course of collec-
tion 680. 36U 4<5
Rents due and accrued 13.422 47
Amount receivable under perpetual
policies 5?5 37
Total assets $7.24<US3 4d
LTAKHMTTEg.
Tjoraes adjusted and unpaid 152.283 21
Losses In process of adjustment or
In suspense 423.278 11
I>os>?es resisted, including expense*. . 62.533 42
Urots premiums on fire risks running
one year or less, $:,777.2S5 S8; rein-
surance 50 per cent 1.3S8.642 31
Gross premiums on fire risks running
more than one year, t4.335.101 63;
reinsurance pro rata 2.206,513 33
Amount reclaimable by th» Insured
on perpetual lire Insurance policies 22*,335 47
Liability under life department 120.43d SjJ
Due and accrued for salaries, reat
etc 12.322 fij
All other demands against the com-
pany T7J.0S3 43
Total liabilities $4,753,642 15
INCOME. ~~
Net cash actually received for lire
premiums J4.0C8.023 01
Received for Interest on bonds and
mortgages 10.537 33
Received for Interest and dividends
on bonds, stocks, loans, and from
all other sources 154,731 71
Received for rents 54.007 S3
Total Income 14,227.305 93
EXPKNPtTirRES.
Met amount raid for tire losses (In-
cluding HR9,6.">9 34. losses of pre —
vlous years) $2,948,232 21
Paid or allowed for commission or
brokerage 634.444 39
Paid for salaries, fees, and other
charges for officer*, clerks, etc 843.513 09
Paid for State, national and local
taxes 135.RS3 SI
All other payments and expendi-
tures 169.3S3 13
Total exp«nditure« H.3S3.417 15
Losses incTirreil rturln* the year (flr»'».$2.9r.3.507 C3
is Naoirc's time for rest;
and the man who does not-
take sufficient time to sleep
or who cannot . sleep when
he makes the effort, is
wearing out his nervous
strength and consuming his
vital power. Pr. Miles'
rjcrvine Brings* sweet,
soothing, refreshing sleep. *
Don't let another hignt.
pass. Get it.fo-day.
"lint flrog'gist, y> when I. was'
troubled wlh iosomnla a few years ago
I took Dr. Miles' Kervine and found
jmmcdi».te relief.* I have not beta
troubled with tSat dUease 6incc"
H. L. Howah5, Madison, Wtc
/ '
Dr. M£!cs'
Nervine
soothes the nerves, nour-
ishes the brain, . and re-
freshes the entire organism.
Sold by druggists on guarantee.
Dr. Miles Medical Co* Elkhart,' Ind£lzed and I am agreeably surprised to find
an enlightened people. I desire to renew
assurances of the good faith of the United
States Government, which will fulfill Its
promises, and I expect soon to see a free,
self-governing republic ln Cuba."
Her Jewelry Stolen.
Mrs. Norval P. Harvey, 112 Perry street,
reported at police headquarters yesterday
thnt last Monday afternoon during her
temporary absence some one had entered
her house and had stolen a fjold watch
and chain," two diamonds and a diamond
rlnpr which she had tied up in a handker
chief in a top bureau drawer. She sus
pects a woman in the neighborhood who
always coveted her Jewelry. Detectives
are working on the case. Mrs. Harvey's
husband Is engineer on the steamei
"Washtenaw.
GAMBLES WHTXE WIFE -}.y
AND CHILD STARVE
Thomas Mullins Is Wanted on a
Charge of Battery Upon. His
Helpmeet.
Mrs. Mary Mulllns, 1 Hampton court,
secured a warrant from Judge Fritz yes
terday for the arrest of her husband,
Thomas Mulllns. a laborer at the Union
Iron Works, on a charge of battery. Mrs.
Mulllns said they had been married about
four years and had a child two and a half
years old. Until a few months ago they
lived happily together and her husband
pave her almost all his wa&e», $1 75 per
day. A few months ago he commenced
to play poker and since then he has spent
all his money gambling ajid.left her and
her child ta be supported by the neigh
bors.
Sunday night Mulllns pawned the only
blanket in the house, his wife says, and
also her cape. He camo back a few hours
later and demanded her weddlntr ring, a*
he wanted more money to •'amble, and
when she refused he beat her severely.
The Oldest Banknote.
This note Is ln the possession of the Bank of
England. It is dated December 19, 1C93, and Is
for 555 pounds, but on account of its age same
Is ir.aUe very valuable. One of the oldest and
most valuable Ftomach medicines before the
public is Hostetter's Stomach Bitters. For the
past flfy years it has been the standard of such
remedies for dyspepsia. Indigestion, biliousness,
nervouRn*-F« or insomnia. It will effect a cure
wfrpn faithfully tak^n.
ROOT VISITS
BATTLEFIELDS
Secretary of War Sees
Points of Interest in
Cuba.
Returning to this city they were enter
tained at luncheon as the guests of
Menedez & Co. on board the steamer
Relna de Los Angeles, which was made a
prize during the war, Mr. Root, re
sponding to a toast to his health, said
ln part:
"I am visiting Cuba as the representa
tive of President McKlnley for the pur
pose of making an Investigation of its In
habitants, particularly with reference to
their ability to govern themselves. From
newspaper reports I had come to Imagine
that the Cubans were only partially civll-
SANTIAGO DE CUBA, Nov. 21.-Secre
tary Root and General Wood, with the
members of their party, took a train to
Daiquiri yesterday and returned to this
city on horseback, following the route of
the army in the summer of 1898. General
Wood acted as guide and showed the
points of special Interest on the various
battlefields, explaining the strategy used
by the American commanders. Mr. Root
was intensely interested in the Gausamaa
battlefield, the scene of the first hard
fight of the Rough Riders, where Captain
Allyn K. Capron and Sergeant Hamilton
Fish Jr. were among the killed.
Dr. Max Magnus, supervisor of physical
culture ln the School Department, will be
obliged to resort to the courts ln
order to draw his salary of $200 per month
in the future. Superintendent Webster
notified the Board of Education at its
meeting yesterday that he would not audit
Magnus' demand for salary. This decision
was precipitated by Casserly, who asked
the Superintendent:
"Why is It that you sign Dr. Magnus"
demand, yet you refuse to sign Mrs. De
Yoe's demand as a special teacher of
cooking?"
"I hold that Dr. Magnus does not re-
Webster Will Not Sign the
Demand for Physical
Director.
DR. MAGNUS MAY
I0T GET SALARY
quire a certificate, since he Is not a teach
er but a director of physical culture," re
plied Webster.
Directors Denman and Kincald both de
clared emphatically that Dr. Magnus did
teach the study.
"Well, this is news to me," said Web
ster. "I have been misinformed and as
suredly if Dr. Magnus is going from class
to class to teach he must have a legal
certificate and I snail not sign his demand
until he is given one on the recommenda
tion of the Board of Examination."
The resolution presented by Superinten
dent Webster providing for the appoint
ment of attendance officers whose duty-
It will be to Induce parents to place their
children ln school and to perform such
other functions as the board may direct
to secure children their educational
rights was defeated. The board gave a»
a reason for Us refusal to attempt the en
forcement of the compulsory education
law the shortage of funds. Mark stated
that the two truant officers now employed
ln the department would be authorized to
act as attendance officers until the fin
ances permitted the installation of Web
ster's plan.
The graduates from ihe English depart
ment of the Lowell Hieh School of the
class of 'So were granted permission to
award a medal to a student who shall
graduate from the Latin scientific de
partment ln the school mentioned with
the best record in scholarship.
Miss M. H. Slavan was transferred from
the Everett Grammar School to the Chi
nese School.
Subdivisions E, F and G of the resolu
tions relating to the promotion of ad
vanced eighth grades were rescinded.
The leave of absence of Miss J. Smith
•was continued to November 26, 1900.
The request of the California Stato
Teachers' Association to hold Its annual
session ln the Mission High School build
ing was granted.
Leave of absence was prranted to M. S.
Blanchard from November 26 to December
24. 1900.
The board decided to Issue a certificate
ln drawing to Miss JC. Ball on the recom
mendation of the Board of Examination,
she having passed a successful examina
tion In the study.
G. W. Dennis addressed the board and
requested that the Kochstadter bequest
be given to the Colored Old People's
Home The terms of the beauest were
that the' money should be used for the
purchase of medals to be awarded In com
petition to colored pupils. Ab this plan
fs not feasible. Director Casserly was di
rected to Investigate whether the bequest
may be used for purposes other than it
provides.
was soueht to be so regulated as to secure to
the miner an opportunity to make technical
"discovery" of mineral substances as a pre
cedent to location, in accordance with law. A
measure of this nature is demanded by the
peculiar conditions of the petroleum Industry:
would be but a measure of simple justice ne
cessary to give efiVct to the spirit and intent
of the mining law ; would be but a wise adap
tation to the oil Industry of the tunnel site
law und would work no Injury or inconveni
ence to any legitimate Interest; and that we
henrtily recommend the passage of the pro
posed "act cf Congress recommended by the
executive committee of the California Miners'
Association and by the Petroleum Miners" Co
o;*rative Association, being Senate bill No.
332C. now pending before Congress, and earn
estly urge our Senators and Representatives In
Congress to use all honorable means to secure
the pasease thereof.
Resolved. That In the opinion of this body
the geological conditions attending oil mining
and the multiplication of wells which penetrate
water-yielding strata and release their stores
of water, make wise and timely Investigation
of the alleged Injuries done to oil wells and
oil fields by the flooding of porous oil-yielding
strata from such Induced flows of water. We
note the fact that the laws of certain Kastern
States recognize the Injury to the oil Interests
caused ln this way and require the casing of
water-yielding wells ln oil regions and the
effective plugging of abandoned wells.
Resolved. That we heartily favor State legis
lation relative to the needs of the petroleum
Industry, and it is suKKested that one import
ant matter Is that of the regulation of mining
rights on lands controlled by the State, in
cluding tide lands, the bed of the ocean to the
three-mile limit and the beds of streams, all
mining operations In euch ground being now
conducted by the simple suffrance of the State
and the only mining rights obtainable being
those based on possession.
Resolved. That, ln the Judgment of this asso
ciation, the mining industry of this country,
with Its output of raw material exceeding a
billion dollars In annual value. Its tremendous
BiRnlncance to the industrial prosperity of the.
nation and its etlll more splendid promise for
the future, warrants and demands the govern
mental protection and assistance that can tv*
adequately extended only through a Cabinet
department of the executive branch of the Gov
ernment. We therefore heartily Indorse the
now national demand for a Cabinet Depart
ment of Mines and Mining.
The chairman of the committee was di
rected by the convention to add a clause
to this resolution, inviting other organiza
tions to Join with the California Miners'
EX-STATE SENATOR E. C, VOORHEIS, THE NEW PRESIDENT OF THE
CALIFORNIA MINERS' ASSOCIATION. WHO WAS UNANIMOUSLY
ELECTED AT THE CONVENTION JUST CLOSED.
TIIE ftorm that threatened the
Miners' Convention blew over yes
terday afternoon', and ln the lull
that followed Julian Sonntag was
recognized so that he might nom
inate E. C. Voorheis for president of the
yssociatlon.
ln m:iking th« nominating; speech Sonn
tag said It bad been reported that there
would be a contest in the election for the
presidency, but h* knew of no contest and
he was sure there would be none. Jacob
Noflf seconded the nomination and Voor
heis was elected by acclamation. It was
announced uuring the morning's Fusion
that Sonntas had withdrawn, and fo all
was pood foeling when the time for the
nominations arrived.
Tirey L. Ford nominated Fred Zeitler
of N>va<la for first vice president and
Davis nominated.' Lew E. Aubury of Los
Anfre-les. for secqnd vice pres.dent. Kd
v.ard H. Benjamin of Alarncda, the In
cumbf-nt. was nominated for secretary,
and S. J. Hendy. incumbent, for treas
urer. There was no <-ontest for any of
the offices.
Next to the election the most Important
proceeding of the day was the reception
of the report of the committee on reso
lutions. It embodies practically all the
work of the convention, as' suggested by
the various reports. Stripped of their
preambles, the resolutions adopted were
as follows:
Resolved. Tliat we welcome into the fullest
fellowship our fellow miners who are doint;
so much to develop the petroleum mining in
dustry of the State and pledge to them our
heartiest eo-o;-eration and support ln every
n;easure in which we may be of service to
them.
Kesolved. That we highly appreciate th<?
effort? made by the national Congress and th»
Legislature of this .^tate to secure the passage
by each of those bodies of that measure known
as the California mineral lands bil 1 ; that we
«-arnest!v urge upon the Congress of the Unlte-l
S:aie« that such efforts may be continued at
its coming session, to the end that the Oili-
Icrnia lands bill may become the law of tl.e
land and be the means of preventing the fur
ther absorption by corporate lnten-sts jl an
area oi land of great value to t^e pnjspector
Resolved. That the executive committee of
the California Miners' Association ehall de
termine the constitutionality of the Camlnetti
law ln the courts of last resort by defending k
test cat-e brought agair.st a miner holding a
regularly issued license by the California De
bris Commission. »..
Resolved, That we heartily favor the amend
ment of sections 2319. 2329 and 2324 of the It
siv#d statutes cf the United States conctrninis
the location of mining claims, so that the lo
catcr shall be accorded a reasonable time with
in which to finally ma'k his surface boundaries
on the ground, bo that all local rules, resrula-
Territorial law on the locations of minlrg
claims ehall be abolished, and go that while
liberal pttnrtsien shall be made for the pro
tection of the locator who holds and works his
claim ln good faith, the law concerning annual
assessment ehall most effectually check the
present Injurious practice of holding mining
claims year after year without development.
Resolved, That in the problem of remedying
the criminal abuses of the land and mining
laws cf the nation by the wholesale attempts to
secure as agricultural lands, by the use of so
called rorir> and otherwise, great tracts of tl.e
public domain that are unquestionably mineral
in character and which are recognized as min
eral by th<? people who stek to secure them as
euth by subterfuge, legal technicalities and
outright perjury, the i>etroleum industry faces
the matter of mest serious present concern to
it in its relation to the Federal laws and their
administration. We believe that this problem
is r>ecu!iarly one in which the whole mining
Industry of the State is interested together with
the pftroleum miners, ar.d we solemnly pledge
our highest endeavors to protect the heritage of
the miner ln the puh'.ic domain in accordance
with the letter and spirit of the beneficent laws
which were intended by Congress to sacredly
{.reserve the vast mineral resources of the pub
lic domain to the mining' industry that their
development might be encouraged and fos
terfd. We distinctly favor the proposition that
where a contest takes place between a scrlpper
and a miner in any department of the United
States Land Office the burden of proot shall
be placed upon the scripper and not on the
miner.
Resolved. That one of the most important
¦n<1 feasible remedies for the said abuses of the
rights cf the oil miner on the public domain
would be found in the law unsuccessfully pro
posed to Congress during its last session, by
which the location of petroleum placer claims
Amicable Election Ends in His Preferment by Acclamation — The Report of
the Resolutions Committee Is Adopted.
Association in an effort to secure the do
partment. The resolutions continue:
Resolved. That we deem it the duty of- this
convention to place itseir on record ln favor of
liberal encouragement and protection to all
legitimate mining Interests and pledge our-
Belves to assist ln every reasonable manner
any and all leKislation, state or national, which
Is calculated to remedy existing wrongs.
Resolved. That we recognize the gross Injus
tice of permitting that class of lan.i pirates,
which by claiming land to be suited for agri
cultural purposes that is manifestly and essen
tially unttt for any uses except mining, to at
tempt to wrest from purchasers of State land
their recognized e<iultuble rights, and through
perjury and distorted Interpretation of the land
laws of the State, to place serious obstacles
ln the way of large investments of money and
Important oil developments.
Resolved. That we look forward with pardon
able pride to the early construction, already
assured, of the restraining barriers for
which $300,000 have been appropriated by
our State and national Governments. We
heartily approve the plans and recommenda
tions of the California Debris Commission Tor
the construction of such restraining barriers
as outlined ln their official report of 1899 to
the Secretary of War, and we hereby Instruct
our committee upon legislation to use all hon
orable means to secure such added legislation
and appropriation aa may be necessary on tin
part of the State and national Governments
to carry such work to a final and successful
completion.
Resolved, by this convention, that we earnest
ly request our legislators to be liberal ln their
appropriation for the support of the Mining
Bureau.
Resolved, That we recognize the fact that
the future development of the State depends
in a large measure upon the future develop
ment of its water resources and the preserva
tion of Its forests; therefore, we fa\-or the Im
mediate and thorough Investigation of and re
port on our water resources and the best meth
ods of lmrrovlrgr and developing the same; the
collaboration of the Federal and State govern
ments ln such Investigations; and the proper
appropriations therefor by our State Legisla
ture.
We desire and urge upon the Federal Govern
ment that all public forests bo reserved from
sale, and the establishment of a forest patror.
ar.d v.-e favor the enactment by the State Legis
lature of such penal laws as will lessen the
danger from forest fires.
Resolved, That this association again ex
presses its deep satisfaction at the Justice cf the
policy and action of the Commissioner of the
General Land Office, Hon. Blnger Hermann, ln
his suspension from agricultural entry of a
large area of probable oil lands in this State,
pending an impartial Investigation of their
mineral or non-mineral character, thereby pre
serving to the oil miners the mining lights
which are theirs by both the letter and the
spirit of the laws. ,. \
Resolved. That this association holds Itself
greatly Indebted to the public press of San
Francisco and the mining counties for the as-
Flstance it has given not only to the associa
tion, but to the mining industry of California
during the last year.
Resolved That this association Is under deep
obligations to the merchants, manufacturers
and business men of San Francisco for their
Kenerous financial aid during the last and pre
vious years and recognizes the fact that with
out this special assistance it would have been
unable to accomplish one-half of what has |
b<>en done. The association is free to acknowl
edge this, since the largest proportion pf the
funds received has come from these gentlemen,
who are only indirectly Interested in the min
ing industry.
An attempt was made by Aubury to
have a resolution bringing the matter of
freight rates on ore and oil to the atten
tion of the railroad commission, but ni3
resolution was not adopted.
During the day Colonel Heuer, head of
the Debris Commission, was asked to ad
dress the convention. He said:
The question most frequently on the lips of
tho miners Is: "Where Is that SMO.oOO appro
priated for the dam.,?" I'll tell you There
has not been one cent drawn from it. The
Stato has spent nothing for the preliminary
work. You'll eet your dams and they 11 im
pound debris: and while I don't say they will
allow the resumption of hydraulic mining. I
do believ« that they will prove so effective that
in time you can turn your mines loose.
It was well Into the afternoon when the
election had been completed, and then
complimentary resolutions were passed
back and forth, among them one thanking
the president and secretary. W. C. Ral
ston and E. H. Benjamin, for the efflcent
services they had rendered during the last
year- and ln further recognition of his
worth it was ordered that hereafter the
secretary be paid a "liberal salary.
Then the convention adjourned sine die.
VOORHEIS IS CHOSEN AS PRESIDENT
BY CALIFORNIA MINERS' ASSOCIATION
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, NOYEMBER. 22, 1900.
5
ADVEBTISEMEUTS.
TELEPHONE GRANT S3.
000.004 SUTTER ST.
SUGGESTIONS FOR THANKSGI* I G
American, English ar.d French Pium
Pudding.
Cranberries. Finest Cluster Table
and Set-ded Raisins. Candies, new
Glare Kruit. Bon Bons.
S\v«-et or Iioiied Cider. Imported and
California Figs, Nuts of every descrip-
tion (all cf this season's/. Stuffed
1 'runes.
German Horiey Cake (I>»bkucheii).
French and Holland Cordials.
Imported and Domefitic Wines anl
Chami>arnes.
JUST IX— FIRST OK THE SEASON'
— Apetlt Slid and Sjjicc-d Norwegian
Anchovies.
SPECIAL REDUCTIONS
THURSDAY— FRIDAY- -SATURDAY.
Foyal Self-Basting Roasters and
Bakers *
Tt.t-s* rcastem. being wlf-bsit'.riK. the
turkej- re<3'jlr^« no attention alter being
j'.aced ia the even.
16 inches lcr.g. 11 inches wide; 6 inches
h:gh. will roatt 10-lb. turkey.
Tt*Z- fl CO. now SI .--"»
IT Inchon lomr. T2 inches wide. SVj Inchts
h:gti, will roast 12-lb, turkey.
Reg. Jl Tj, now $1.43
Plum Pudding Moulds,
IVith or without tube.
1 <;t. 2 qt- 3 Qt.
ri«i? 4'ic l'<c 60c
Now 31c 40c 60c
j Oriental Coffee. 2 lbs 55c
n~sr. 2T.<- 5b. A hlph-rrade Mer.i— roa^tei
end crour.d fresh dally on our own
premise*.
Mince Meat, bJz 8
Full pint Jar 3f>c
I^a:i Quart jar
Of the purest and freshest ingredients.
Brandy 3 bots S2.00
r^ f400 * aI gal S3. 00
An ol3 pure erapi» brar.iy, excellent fcr
ir.:n<-<r meat an3 for table.
Almond Graters. "Ida" 85c
I>g. U Co. Tcu'll n^ed it for the holi-
rtjys to prate ruts.' vegetables and fruits.
Rock & Rya, K 85c bot
Guard* BgaitKt c<~ld. A preparation of
¦ ¦•:r::an Hock Carr 4 y and pure whisky.
Favcriia de Calif. Claret
Keft. J3 T5 and t2 40 doz. <jts. t* 90
This State's finest dcz. jits, tl SO
prodoct in table wine.
Maple Syrup, 1-2 gal tin 65c
•New Era." Rer. tl- Finest Vermont.
Tenses, g& ICc each
I XL. in cans.
Cherries in Marasquin
P.^p. 70c <jt. bot COc
Bee. :<:c pt. bot. 4"*
T.'.e per.ulne "Victor" brand, b^st on the
market.
! Pin-ore To suit a'l rurses
' Ulhdli arj all tastes.
Fr»ipht rrepnlfl within 100 mllee.
¦V\ rit>r for Holiday catalog-ue — special
EAIXKOAD TBAVEL.
|8un- I We«k
days. I Days.
p0:B ata
T:» pm[ t:U pn»
RAILROAD TRAVEL.
CALIFORNIA NORTHWESTERN RT. CO.
SAN FRANCISCO AND NORTH PACIFIC
RAILWAY COMPANY.
TIBURON- FERRY— FOOT OF MARKET IT.
Ban Francisco to San Rafstol.
WEEK DATS-7:3O. >:00, 11:00 a. m.; U:tS, 1:10,
8:10. (:S> p. m. Thursdaya— Extra trip at U:l»
p. m. Saturdays — Extra, trips at 1:50 and
U:30 p. m.
BU.VDATS- S:00. 9:10. 11:00 a. m.: 1:30. 1:30. »:O«.
*:tO p. m.
San Rafael to San Franclnco.
WEEK DATS— 6:10. 7:G0. »:20, U:10 a. m.; U.tt.
1:O. 5:10 p. m. Saturday*— Extra trip* at l:ii
and 1:35 p. m.
BUN DAYS— 8:10. *:40. 11:10 a. m.: l:«0. »:«0. »:«»
6:25 p. m.
Between Baa Francisco and Sclra«ts«a Park.
um« sobednla as abov.
Lear* J In ESsct I Arrt*»
Ban TrancUco. f Sot. 1, 1800. 1 San yr*nd«ea» _
Week I Sun- I I San- I We«k
Days. I days. [ Destination. | days. | Day*.
7:30 am S:0Oam Nova to. 18:40 am t:4t ara
1:33 pm l:3tam Petaluma. (:Cfi pm 10:13 in
t:10 pin 6:uo pm Santa Ro»a. !:»» p«n S.g pna
Pulton. I
1 40 am Windsor. tfrS aa
Eealdsburr.
Lytton.
©eys«rTlll».
t^Optn t:00am Cloverdal*. Tdlpm I:8pa
T JO ami j Hooland j j
| 1:00 ami and tklah. f 7:15 ptaj I:H pm
1 Jta ami I 10:13 an»
| f :00 am Caere ?rill*. I 7:35 pm
t:io pm| | tJ»pm
TJOam] 1:00 am Sonoma I t:U am 1:40 as»
and
IrlOpm t :00 pm Glen Ellen, f «:O5 pm Ifflpa
T:SO ami 1:00 ami 110:40 amJ10:» ara
S:SO pmf 5:00 pmf Febastopol. ( I:C pm| 1:33 pn%
Stages connect at Santa Rosa for Mark W*»t
Fprlnss and Whlt« Sulphur Sprlnspi: at Tultoa
for Altrurla: at Lytton, for Lytton Springs: at
Garservtlle for Ekas*-9 Springs; at Cloverdal«
for tli* Geysers; at Hop land for Duncan)
8prtnxi. Hlchland Sprlnrs, Kels*yrlll<». Carls-
bad Sprints. Soda Bar, LaJceport and Eartl-tl
£ prints; at LTclah for Vichy Springs. Baraton
eprlnxs. Blua Lakes. Lavnral Dell La>-, Wlttaf
Eprlnss. Upper Lake. Porno, Potter Vall*r.
John r>ay"s. RlTerslde, L.terley'e. Bucknell'a.
fanhedrln Helf hts. Hull-rllle, Orr'a Hot Sprtnrs,
Mendoclno Cltj. Fort Brajg;. WettDort. UiaL
Wlllets. Laytonvll*. Camming^. Bella Springs.
ilaxrts. Olsens. Dyer. Scotia and Eurelt*.
Saturday to Monday rounj-trlp tickets at ra-
<Juc«l rates.
On Sunday*, roand-ttip ticket* to an points
beyond San Rafael at half rate*. .< .
Ticket office. CO Market it. Chronic! « balltj.
Int. ". • ; R« 3C RTAN.
U. C. WHITINO. O«»- Paaa. A«u
Gen. Mirufw. . . ?.;;
;
NORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD.
Via Sausallto F«rry.
Commencing' September 3u, 1300.
FROM SXS FRANCISCO TO MILL VAXXET
AND SAN RAJTAEL.
WEEK DAYS-«:«. "SaJ. U:00 a, m_ "i:*j.
1:15. 4:00. 5:15. M:15. 6:40 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS— For Mill Val'.ey and Saa
Rafael, on Mondays. Wednesdays saa Sat-
urdays at 9:C0 and 11:35 p. m.
SUNDAYS— *S:CO. 10:00, »U:» a. in.. n;UL
1:15. U.iS. t:W. 1:00 p. m.
Trains marked (*> run to San Qu»min. •
FROM BAN RAFAEL to 8AJ* FRANCISCQ.
WKEK DAY3— 6:25. •«:». 7:«. »:» a. 1S2
•l»:30, 1:43. 'J^O. 4:30. 6:20 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays, WwlaesJuy,
and Saturdays at (:45 and 10:20 p. m.
SUNDAYS-i:». •8:00. •10:00. ni:4S a. m..
•1:40. tOS. 4:*3, *<:» p. m.
Trains marked (•> »tajt from San Quentln.
FROM MILL VALLET TO SAN FRANC13C0L
WEEK DATS-«:45, •:«. 7:53. »:30 a. m*
U:ffl, 1:10. 3:30, 4:64, 5:20 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays. Wednesdays
and SAturdaya at 7:10 and 10:20 o. m.
SCN-DAT3— 1:05. 10:C3 a. m.. 13:0S. 1:1a. l : «
S00 *:ii P. rn.
THROUGH TRAINS.
I:E5 a. m. vtek dajrs—Caxadtro and way «*.
tjona,
- 1:45 p. m. Saturday*— Tomale« and way sta-
tions.
S:O0 a. aa. SunCay »— Tor^olcs aad way scaw
Coca*.
7 JO am! I
( f:0Oarn
I: JO pm] 1
I JO am
l:J0ptn 1:00 am
l:Mim
1O:» am
• :X3 pna
Week I Sun- I
Days, I days. |
¦ttHTHXR* rACirie co«r*i«i,
(PACiriO StTHTKM.)
MAM FltAN«:iN«:«».
(Main Line, Foot of Market Street.)
LBatb — ' From November 7, 1900. — arrits
•T:VOa Benleia, Salaau. Elmlra. VacaTllle,
Rumsey and Sacramento *Ti43p
•7iOOa Shasta Kxprns-IMTla. Williims (for
Uartlett Sprtan), Willows, Red
Bluff. Portlaud. •7i«»
TiSOa Martinez, Han ltamon, Vallejo. Napa.
CalUtoga and Santa Roaa *Otl3p
•SiOOa DaTia, Woodland, Knights Landing.
MartsTille, OniflUe... *7:43r
•*!••* Atlantic K x press— Ogden and Rast *S:l5p
'•ifti Nilet, LiTermore, Iracy, LaUtrop,
Stockton *7iI3p
•¦i««a S»n Jose. IjTermore. Hiocktoii.
lone. Haorameuto. PlactrrrUle,
MariiTilK Chlco. Ue<llllnlt MilSr
•HiSOa (Hkdale, Chinese, rtonora. Carters... Mil-V
•V:««* Howards. Nilei and Way fltatlona. •! It43 a
¦Si0Oa Los Angeles Expreza — Martinez,
Tracy. Lathrop. .Stock too, M**oeu
Krenno anil Los Angeles *7<inp
•OiIIOa Vallejo, Martinez aun War Stations ¦»! I5r
•IOiOO* Th« Oferlaml Limlted-Ucdeo, Den.
ver, Omaha. Chicago *Ci45p
•IIiOOa Nilrs, Stockton, haeramento, M«n-
elota. Fresno, llanfoid, Viaalia,
PorterTllle I. MilJr
•IIiOOa LlTermore. Banger. Goshen Jons-
tton, Bskerafleld, Lot Angeles
fliOOr Sacramento Klier Steamers tSlOOA
•Ilioop Ilaywards. Nilcs and Way Stations. 'Si«(
¦4iOUp Martinex, Hau lUraon. ValUJo.
Na|>'t. CalUtonn. Kmita lloaa •¦•¦¦*
*«i««p Denlda. Winters, Hacrameolo,
Wooilland, KnlifhU Undlnf.
Marrnv Ille, Oro? Ille ••o.4i 4
•4tSnrHsr«rsrds, Nllesaml RanJora t""^- 1 **
•SiOOp Niles. Llfermore and Stockton • 1«iI3»
8un»et Limited, El Paa«w New
Orleans and East cIOiI.Ia
•3:OOrTho Owl Limited— Tracr, rresno.
Bakersfleld, Hangtis for BauU liar-
bara, Lns Ancclea. *10il3t
•."JtOOr New Orlranf Ezpresa— ltakenfl«lJ.
Mania Mitrbara. Loa Annelea. Dem.
Ins, El 1"mo, New OrleaDS and
East *7i«»a
•OiOOp Harwards, Mies and Sau Jos* *7i I* 4
?6:O«r Vallejo •Mi41»
•OiU»r Oriental Mall— Ogden, Chejenns.
Omaha. Chicago *Si43r
*«c««p Oriental Mall— Ogden, Denver,
Omaha. Chicago MiISp
•7:00p Or<-Kiin and CalKorula ISi|>reaa,Ha«.
lAineiiin, Mar}stll!e. llaildln(,
1'ortlHinl. ril(8t Sound tfllil I'.Ani *>I«3a
•¦io.1p8an Pablo. P.»r» (Joata. Martlaei
ami Way Mtmtlons '1lKt.1t
t»»Ogp Vallejo »11i4»a
COAST DIVISION (Marroir U*n K t).
' (Foot of Murliel Street.!
•SiISa Newark. C>iit~nillr.M»u.lf»o,Frl torn
I)<MililrrCrt-ek..S»i>ta Unix and Way
BUtluna -O.au r-
t*ilBp Newark, CenterTillc, 8an Jmm, New
Alin*il«D, F riti.ii. It -mlilnr Creek,
8auta Cms anil l'rloelpal Way
Stations I loi.tn*
•4tl.tr> Newark, xnijom, Lea Garos *¦!.•»»»
all:43p HanWn' Excanion, Ban Jos* and
Way Buttons t7t»»p
CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
'rtaSlI r-RlKCISCO— Flit tf Hirklt Slrett (3!ij «)—
•7:15 9:00 11:00*. M. }l:03 *2:83 * a^9
•4:03 13:03 ?8:C3r.u.
rri33OllU!10~rnl •:Br«iJ««».— *(l;00 8;00 10:00* W
t!2:C0 •1:03 12:CQ- »3:03 tl:Q3 '6:33 r.x.
COAST IMVISim (Krosil <Jan R e).
. (Tblr.1 mtU Towtnen.l St«.)
tOilOA Oce^u View. H.x.th Mill FraoeiaOK.. t«>3»r
*7:<m»a Hau Jn»e ami Way HUtlmm (New '
Aluiadnii Wednesdays unly). *llZtfp
•l»iO»» Han Jose. Tres 1'litos. M«nU Cruz.
Paellle <ln»e. I'aau Ituhles. Baa
l,nl« <tliln|>o. Knrf. Lompoo auil
l*riiid|>al Why rilatlima : . MilSr
•loiio* 8an ,Ii«e and Way KUtlmm •<! ::>.%.«
•I IiUMa Kail Joss and Way .Station •9l«tt r
t*i43pRan Matro. Uedwoo.1, Menlo Park.
Palo Alto, SanU Clara. Han Jnaa.
Tres Pinos. Ranta Criu, Salinas.
Monterey iuh\ I'mMc Orovs IIOi^Ia
? »:J«i»p Han .loie »nil Way Htatlmis •7i:itlp
HtlSp8anJoseaiidPrinclp«l Way Stations *9)13«
13:UUrSan Jose, Lot Gates tod Principal
Way Stations tl>:OO»
*!linOp San Joaa ami Principal Way Statlont *Mt3AA
•<li:ti>p Si»n JomuiI \V»f .Stations tHiDOt
SIIIi4»p San JoaeaiKl \Ymf 8taUona »7;3Op
A (or Morning. • I' for Afternoon.
•Pally. . ? .Sunday exempted. t banday only.
t Mondays, Wednesdays, Fridays.
e Tuesdays, Tharsdays. Sandaya.
• Uaturdar oaljs. -
GALVANIZINCI AND METALS.
yr r «- Dealer la M*talp & Oslvwnlrlnc. JOHN
FINN METAL WORKS, S15 Howard m*.
Weekly Call,$1.00 per Year
Will it ASU STEAM C0AL. t i i 5£ e bl 'a£k
DIAMOSTO COAL, MINING CO.. at Its GHEEN
RIVER COLLIERIES, le the Best Coal in the
nv-irkrt. Office and Yard*— 150 Main »tre«. -
STATIO.N'ER AND PRINTKB.
™c^ r f c PARTRIDGE lC6^r u
PRINTERS. BOOK BINDER*.
THE HICKS-JUDD CO..
23 Flnst «t.. San Francisco.
PAINTS.
Cj-IlnSer & Lubrlcatlnc <"M1». Schneider*. Mlr.lnir
Candle*. C. G. CLINCH & CO.. 9 Front. S. F.
PH1NT1N0.
E C HUGHES. raJ ££££;?¦. s. f.
OILS.
UnmCATIJCG OILS. LEONAnn & ELLIS.
«1S Front Ft.. S. F. Phone Main 1719.
METAL.
Kxtr* linotype «nd *tereotvp« metal. Pacific
Metal Workf, 137-9 First et.. San Frandtco.
FRESH AND SALT MEATS.
I4C Dfll'CC C n Shipping Butchera. 104
JA5- DUltbatJ- Clay. Tel. Main 1134.
fcLUCTtflCAL.
D. D. TVA£S,
Electrical Engineer. 36 East «t.
COPPERSMITH.
CVU CM ITn £h1P Plumblne. Steamboat ar.d
• n- i.Tlliu Ship Work a. specialty. 16 and
If TVashinrtcn et- Telephone Main Sf.41.
COAL. COKE AND PIG IRON.
¦ C- niJLjUn Ci 1/W-. Telephone Main 1S64.
ATTORNEY.
F. H. MERZBACH. lawyer.
[C3 California, st., Cl'jr.Je, building.
OF RESPONSIBLE HOUSES.
Catalogues and Price Lists Mailed
on Application.
DIRECTORY
(BO Market ftreet. Fsn Francisco.
Or 114." Urcadway. New York City,
W"h«n *r* ; a y "rupture curM" we it)»an It.
frr it '.r a fact that ijurirj the past 20 >e»rf
I>R. PIKHCES MAGNETIC KLASTIC TKUSS
hap CURED th<"jFan<I* of ca!M»s. Nothing else
l'ke It. Best retainer made. It floes the work.
Icrnttcatc for vourself. CTCall fcr "Book-
let No. J," or send 2 cent» in sta:np». Ad-
"magnetic elastic truss co.,
"TIGER" Oil Companies, all
in Btfiiset District.
"LION." "MONARCH." "J. S. POTTS,"
-PRUDENTIAL." "SUNSET CEN-
TER." -VESUVIUS"' and the
Ju«=t 5tru<~k a tremendous flowing well.
Holdc-rs of this stock or of any other com-
pany in the Sunset District should send
thtir address to this office and get our
WEEKLY BULLETIN' with full particu-
lars of the development of this well and
ali others in the district. We have an ex-
pert on the grounds constantly.
James R. T. .Mershon,
537-53S-33S Parrott Building,
PROMOTER
RUPTURE CUBED.
CHICAGO, 111.. 427 W. Monroe street.—
As far as I have observed Peruna is
the finest tonic any man or woman
can use who is weak from the after ef-
fects of any serious illness.
I have seen it used in a number of con-
valescent cases and have seen several
other tonics u?ed, but I found that those
who used Peruna had the quickest re-
lief. It seems to restore vitality, in-
crease bodily vigor and renew health and
strength in a wonderfully short time.
MRS. KATE TAYLOR.
People recovering from the effects of
typhoid fever, malarial fever, bilious
fever and other affections of the autumn
will find Peruna exactly suited to the
case.
Any one who takes Peruna is sure to
have a good appetite and digestion. After
all it is food and digestion that build any
one up. No on* can gain strength that la
good for anything on medicine alone. All
that medicine can be made to do is to as-
sist in the proper assimilation of nour-
ishing food.
This is exactly what Peruna will do.
Thousands of people testify to its merits
in this particular. Old invalids of all
sorts who are all run down for want of
proper nutrition will also find Peruna a
godsend.
Mr. 0. S. McQuillan Cured of Catarrh
of the Head, Throat, Stomach and
Kidneys by Peruna After All •
Hope Was Gone.
Mr. O. S. McQuillan of Spring Hill,
Iowa, writes: "Four years ago last fall
my stomach, without any previous warn-
ing, refused to perform its functions, and
I soon lost strength: food was forced
through my stomach by using cathartics.
"With flesh wasted away, strength ex-
hausted so that it took all ray energy
to even get into a bath t^b. hopes all
gone, I saw Peruna advertised. I wrote
to Dr. llartman, who told me that ca-
tarrh had possession of my head, throat,
stomach and kidneys.
"1 began to take Peruna. In a short
time I ate nourishing food, and the piles,
kidney trouble and constipation all dis-
appeared. Flesh, strength and a splen-
did appetite returned and I went to
work."
Mr. W. W. Strasler Cured by Peruna
of Systemic Catarrh After Three
Physicians had Given Him Up.
Mr. W. W. Strasler, Corry. Pa., writes:
"I had tried three of the best physicians
ln Indiana County and spent a erre.it deal
of money, all to no effect. My friends said
I could not get well. I had about given
up all earthly hopes. I weighed one hun-
dred and thirty pounds. I accidentally
saw the name Peruna. I immediately
commenced taking it and continued tak-
ing it until I had taken twelve bottles.
I then weighed one hundred and eighty
founds, ana never felt better in my life,
am a walking monument of the virtues
of your Peruna."
Address the Peruna Medlcme Co.. Co-
lumbus. Ohio, for a free book treating on
catarrh in its different phases and
stages.
A Professional Nurse Comes Out Squarely
in Favor of Peruna and Recites Its
Merits in the Strongest Language.
""BREAK AWAY
from the laundry that sends your
linen home streaked, yellow, frayed or
torn, and just try having it done up by
conscientious and first-class methods in
laundering, and your neck won't look
like a turkey gobbler's after takine off
that collar of points. We will show you
what fine laundry work is. Domestic
finish for full dress shirts if you order it.
UNITED STATES LAUNDRY
Offlco.IOO4 Market Street
Teloohone— South 42O.
Oakland Office— 62 San Pablo Ave.
Price ?5 cents. All druggists, or sent post
nsid en receipt of pric*. DR. PAUL. t>K
J.-ORU. 175 M. Sprinc *t.. Los Anjelcs, Cal.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
A GRADUATED NURSE
T ELLS
HOSPITAL SECRETS.
o * ' > --C /f^ o
4 C "?"O"*' O"*" O"*" O"* O"*" O "** O ¦*" O"** C**" C"*" O"*" O"^ O*^" O "^ C *** O 1 O"*" O "^ O "^ O"*" O'^'O'^O'^'O'^
Mrs. Kate Taylor, Chicago, 111.
Mrs. Kate Taylor, a graduated nurse of prominence, gives her experience with
Peruna ln an open letter. Her position ln society and professional standing- com*
bine to give special prominence to her utterances.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Ladies' Storm Rubbers
I5c pair,
TVe will place on sale to-morrow
(Friday) 600 palm of Ladles' Hand
Sewed Shoes, extension soles, kid or
patent leather Up; all sizes and
styles; a fine shoe for wet weather;
¦trlctly up to date.
SI.90
These shoes are actually worth $5.
We're not losing any money on
them, as they were purchased for 33
cents on the dollar.
. 400 Pairs Men'n Box Calf or Vlrl
Kid Shoes; leather lined; waterproof.
$9 IR Worth 84-
. O£ IJ every pair.
100 Pairs of Boys' Button Shoes,
worth $2.50.
RflP J he8e sh <*« are
OUU button-not loce. '
STANDARD SHOE CO.
1029 Market Etrtet, Between 6ta and 7th.
DR. GROSSMAN'S SPECIFIC MIXTURE
For -the cure of . GONORRHOEA. GLEETS.
FTKICTTJRES anJ analogous complaints of ih«
Onrane of G»n«ratlon.
Price tl a bottle. For sale by druggists.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
SoKmer Pianos
arc in 30,000 American homes
I today. The best American musi-
cians sing their praises from Maine
to California. Money cannot in-
fluence such testimonials as these.
Nothing can buy such spontaneous
approval as has been given the
Sohmcr Piano during its test of the
past thirty years.' Its a home
piano and not a money bought
"artist's favorite."
Byron Mauzy
Sole Agents
SOHMER PIANOS
308 Post Street, San Francisco
RAILROAD TRAVEL.
Santa Fe
Trains— Da "y
Lear* Market-street Ferry Depot.
L.vm San Francisco. 9:00 a m «:10 p m 8:00 p m
££: ItocktSFv..... 12:30 p m 7:15 pm 11:06 p m
" Merced 2M2 p m 1:18 a ia
•• Fresno 4:20 pm * : ?5* m
« Vlwilla f:00 pm «:M a ta
t- Tulare 6:22 p m 6:10 a m ,
•» Hanford »:33 p m 7:08 a m ;
- Bnkeratleld ... 8:50 p m T:30 am
•• Denver 10:00 am ¦
•• Kan»aii Oty... B:15 p m
" Chicago ¦• 7:«0 am
' » a. m train Is th« Overland Rzpresa. Corre-
¦pondlnc train arrives at 6 p. m. daily.
4- 10 p m. U Stockton Lrocal. Corr««pondla«
train arrive* 11:05 a. m. dally.
••00 p. m. If Fresno and Bakersfleld Expreta, |
with Sleeping Car* for both cities. Correspond- |
Ing train arrlv«» at 8 a. m. dally. :
5mCE8-Ml Miirket »t. and In Ferry D^ot. \
ff«n franclsco: 1118 Broadwwr. OaVland.
MOUNT TAMALPAIS RAILWAY
: Leaves San Francisco, via Sausallto Ferry:
WEEK DAYS. ...9:15 a. m. ; 1:45 and 4:00 p. m.
SUNDAYS. .....S:00, 10:00, U:J0 and 1:13 p. m.
Fare, fan Francisco to Summit and Return.
$1 40.
NEW TAVEHN OF TAMALPAIS KOW OPES.
Ticket offlro*. fill Market "X.. Sausallto Ferry.
: 'Yf_ :"^k Cr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
/1j| <W»Ba (l*»IZ «c.«w^ i* Ketaollsbert
9fl*1f^]^ft ln l»»4Vlor thetr-nttnentot Private
Htt iJK ,HBf l)Isciis<»s, Lost Manhood Debility or
BfiKflJOWk disease bodyandmlnaand
tv^»3*^tt*3 Skin Dli6H*»s. I'hf doclorcureswhen
. *cftrJCli^1'-t»i»i-iifall. i'rx hlrr-_ Chnr?B» low
I-f-ijjSMft^a t'«rr=(|UOi'nnl»*.-». Callorv.T'.id
Dr. a. *'- wJCDIIOK. Box 193T. San itrauclacvCOUNT IN CASINO— W. I. B.. City. In
the game of casino. If the players do not
agree that on the last deal points shall be
counted as soon as made then the count
is made in the following order: Cards,
spades, bie casino, little casino and aces.
If on the last deal In a game of 30 points
A had four to ro and B had three to go
should A get cards, little casino and one
aee he would have the right to count first
and would go out, as he would have more
than enough, having made five points,
notwithstanding that B; who had but
three to go, made the other six points.
THE CITT HALL— S.. Los Angeles. Cal.
The act authorizing the building of a City
Hall for San Francisco was approved
April 4, 1870. The site on which it has
been erected was turned over to the City
Hall Commissioners by Mavor SefBy. May
11, 1370. On the 2Sth of March. 1871, the
work of excavating and grading was com
menced. The work of laying the concrete
foundation was commenced September 13
and shortly thereafter the work on the
foundation wall started. The cost of the
building is in found numbers $6,000,000.
GRANT-X. X. Y., East Oakland. Cal.
General Grant left Philadelphia May 17.
1877. on his tour around the world. On
that tour, which was the occasion of his
last visit to San Francisco, he arrived
here September 20, 1S79.
PENCIL SKETCHES— B. P.. California.
Whether pencil sketches are of any value
to newspapers depends on th© character
of the sketches. One having such should
submit them for Inspection.
and Louisiana have amended the qualifi
cation for voters by introducing an edu
cational feature which applies to all.
COIN IN BRITISH COLUMBIA— J. H.
B.-. City. In British Columbia an Ameri
can dollar Is received at the value of four
shilling one and one-quarter pence.
VOTING IN THE SOUTH— D.M.. Lom
poc.'Cal.,' and J. H 1 . B.'. City. No State of
the Union has passed any law to disen
franchise the negro alone. Missouri
Isorth Carolina, South Carolina, Alabama
ANSWERS TO CORRESPONDENTS.
LARGEST STEAMER— T. G., City. The
largest steamer afloat is the Oceanic.
The aged millionaire who is attempting to use local
courts as a vindication of his efforts '- to make his
young wife's affections a matter of commercial value
and trade may find thai our tribunals deal with some
thing more tangible
Wise critics seem to think that the decision nf
Judge Hebbard, affecting local civil service, is a re
flection upon oqr laws. It would be more just to
place the blame where it belongs— upon law-tinkers
who attempted to violate our laws, as all poor me
chanics insist upon doing in any trade.
The French Deputy who has introduced a legisla
tive measure to tax all bachelors for the luxury of
firple blessedness must have an interesting family of
marriageable dau" 1 **— - , x
The Minnesota astronomer who says that he has
ft cured the photograph of an asteroid which is thirty
four million miles away from the earth should Le in
duced by his friends to smoke another brand.
For the first time since the beginning of the war in
the Philippines press censors have been relieved of
their duties. Retributive justice suggests that they
should be sent to the front at once.
In those days none of Weyler's critics were louder
cf voice or severer in censure than the British. They
were at peace. He was at war. They condemned,
him. Now they are at war and he is enjoying peace,
and it is his turn to criticize and condemn. It is of
course natural he should do so, and, besides, the cir
cumstances afford him no little justification. Roberts
and Kitchener have not yet reduced the Boers to the
condition to which Weyler reduced the Cubans, but it
is to be remembered the South African war has been
in operation only a year yet. By the time British
military power has been at work in the Transvaal as
Jong as Spanish power was warring in Cuba the con
dition of the country and tho people may be almost as
WEYLER'S TIME TO TALK
DURING the time Weyler was struggling with
the patriots of Cuba and striving by every re
source of military power to overcome the de
termined resistance to his government, the rest of the
world, being at peace, took delight in condemning
his tactics and denouncing him as a butcher.
Otis of the Los Angeles Times !s here, at
tending a meeting of- -the Associate!
Press. Other Callfornlan arrivals ars cs
follows:
San Francisco— Mrs. Bemlsse Is at the
Rossmore; H. C. Fowler Is at the <Jrant5
Union; V. Grothwell Is at the Criterion;
C. D. Heyes is at the St. (Irorpe; V. G.
Hush is at the Murray Hill; F. KJelshcrsr,
B. LJndhloom. C. LIndbloom. E. C. I-.ir.d
bloom. Mrs. LIndbloom an-1 C. S. Long
are at the Astor; E. Pomeroy Is .1; the
Grand Union; T. C. Grant is rt the Gil
soy; J. D. Hammond Is at the St. Denis;
L. Loewenberg Is at the Union Squjire;
Mrs. T. Mayer Jr.,^ la at the Murray Hill;
J. M. •Wilson is at the Holland; W. Banm
hall is at the Murray Hill; D. Robertson
Is at the St. Cloud.
From Los Angeles— L. Christopher Is at
the Murray Hill; J. W. Phelps la at the
Grand Union.
- From Meeker— A. C. Ellison and B. M.
Vaughan are at the Savoy.
From San Jose — W. Regnart Is at tho
Grand Union.
NEW YORK, Nov. 21.— Harrison Gray
CAXIFORNIANS TN NEW YORK.
WASHINGTON. Nov. • 21.— Edmund
Burke of Los Angeles. E. Hueter and
wife of San Francisco. Mrs. H. C. Kirk
of Sacramento, Miss Agnes Kirk and L.
McMullen of San Francisco are at the Ra
leigh: D. K. Edwards and wife of Ix»s An
geles are at the Ebbltt; O. G.. Lyman of
San Francisco, J. E. Beale and the Misses
Beale of Santa Barbara are at the Shore
ham.
CAI/IFORNIANS IN WASHINGTON
The controversy will of course be decided by naval
men and those members in Congress who are recog
nized by their colleagues as authorities on naval sub
jects. The prospect that there may be ordered one or
more new battleships is of interest to us, because vre
are entitled to have flich a ship constructed in Cali
fornia shipyards and named California. The plan for
giving that name to a cruiser is one agrainst which our
delegates in Congress should protest, in the name of
the State.
Many arguments are urged in favor of the smaller
vessels. It is said there are now authorized more first
class battleships and cruisers than can be constructed
in our shipyards in five years, that the smaller ves
sels could be built in the lesser shipyards of the coun
try, that two or three such vessels could be built for
the cost of one battleship, and, finally, that it would
be easier to furnish them with officers and men.
The question would appear to be one for experts
to decide, but it happens the experts do not agree. It
is reported that the board of construction of the Navy
Department, with the possible exception of Admiral
Hichborn, favors the construction of three additional
battleships, while others in authority recommend that
the entire appropriation for new warships this year be
devoted to the construction of comparatively small
vessels that could be used in the waters of the East
and the West Indies.
rROM the nature of the reports that come from
Washington it appears likely the formation of
a programme of naval increase this winter will
lead to a renewal of the old controversy over the com
parative merits of the battleship and the cruiser.
There are some who hold we have not battleships
enough and should construct more of them, while
others argue we have-as many vessels of that class as
the navy requires, and should omit them from the
programme of new work.
BATTLESHIP OR CRUISER.
Dr. Edwin C. Van Dyke, until quite re
cently resident physician of St. Luke's
Hospital. Is at the present time a patient
In one of the wards over which he so long
had supervision. Dr. Van Dyke has had
two operations performed for appendicitis.
He Is now out of danger.
H. E. Huntingdon and "William H.yHood
of the Southern Pacific were accompanied
on their trip over the new coast division
yesterday by General Manager Julius
Kruttschnltt and Division Superintendent
James I* Frazler.
Captain George F. Allen of New Bed
ford is at the Russ. He leaves to-day on
the whaler Alice^Knowles for the Japan
seas.
Clarence Smith, general passenger agent
of the Burlington in .this city, goes East
this week on a business and pleasure trip.
Mayor C. A. Stork of Santa Barbara is
spending a few days In the city, making
his headquarters af the Grand.
Dr. A. M. Gardner, who Is to make Bel
mont Hall Into a private asylum. Is
stopping at the California.
Charles Main, a prominent New York
business man, is among the late arrivals
at the Occidental.
Lee L. Gray and wife of Fresno have
taken apartments at the Occidental for a
few days.
A. L. Kellogg and wife of Santa Clara
have taken apartments at the California.
PERSONAL MENTION.
T. L. Reefl of Reedly Is at the Grand.
General J. W. B. Montgomery of Chlco
is at the Grand. '
A. B. Hammond of Portland Is regis
tered at the Palace.
R. A. Clark, the Alameda capitalist, Is
at- the California with his wife.
"- Dr. and Mrs. Burton J. Powell of Stock
ton are late arrivals at the Palace.
Frank H. Short, Yosemlte Commissioner
and Fresno attorney, 19 at the Palace.
From all these considerations it seems clear that if
there is to be any 1 eduction of the representation of
the South it tvill not be undertaken at this session.
There are too many important issues at stake this
winter to make it worth while involving Congress,
and particularly the Senate, in a sectional contest.
The evil will doubtless have to be borne for a time,
unless, indeed, the Supreme Court should solve the
whole problem by deciding the restrictions placed
t:pon suffrage in the Southern States to be unconsti
tutional.
A more important consideration is that such an act
might seriously check the development of that liberal
movement now going on in the South which if en
couraged may in a short time break up Bourbon
domination and bring Southern politics into harmony
v.ith that of the rest of the nation. It is well known
that many of the most influential people of the South
are opposed to Bryanism and are in hearty accord
with the Republican policies of protection and sound
money. The manufacturing and commercial interests
fo rapidly rising to power in many Southern locali
ties are eager for an opportunity to ally themselves
vith the Republican party. Should they do so, the
elimination of restrictions upon the negro vote would
probably be ejected by Southern men themselves,
and a much better condition of affairs would result
than could be attained by any action however just in
itself which would renew the hold of the Bourbons
•upon Southern prejudices.
Against those arguments of justice and fairness arc
those of expediency. In the first place it is doubtful
if an apportionment that reduced Southern represen
talion could be carried at this session/ The Southern
Senators would be sure to oppose to such a bill all the
dilatory tactics known to parliamentary practice, and
as the session terminates on March 4 their chances of
beating the bill would be good. At any rate they
coufd seriously delay all business, and their ability to
dc that would enable them to form combinations
which would help them in defeating the apportion
ment.
The determination eppears to have been* reached
upon considerations of political expediency and wis
dom. The power and the right of Congress to make
the reduction are not to be questioned. Moreover,
the act would be fully justified by every principle of
equity. At present the Southern States have repre
sentation for the negro portion of their population,
r.r.d yet the negroes are not permitted to vote. That
gives the white voters of the South an unfair advan
tage over voters in other States, and it would be noth
ing more than justice to deprive them of it and place
them on a level with die rest.
\J HILE there has been much talk of a movement
/W to reduce Southern representation in the
* House of Representatives on account of th?
disfranchisement of the negroes in several States and
the Tirtual suppression of the negro vote throughout
almost the entire South, it is doubtful if any such
movement will be strongly supported. Washington
correspondents of many of the most reliable papers in
the East have reported the administration to be ad
\crst to any action of the kind, and now Mr. Hop
kins of Illinois, chairman of the Committee on Cen
sus, who will have charge of legislation affecting the
.-ppcrtionmer.t, has expressed the opinion that no
effort will be made to effect such reduction.
THE SOUTH IN CONGRESS.
Whether billboa-ds are to be suppressed altogether
or taxed and strictly regulated is a matter about which
it is not worth while to develop differences of opinion
at this time. The main thing is to attain reform by
whatever means is most likely to succeed in a par
ticular community. The campaign of education
should be undertaken by the press in every part of
the Union. There is not a single valid reason to be
given for longer tolerating the defacement of the
principal thoroughfares of our cities, and San Fran
cisco should vie with the .great cities of the East a3
to which will be first to completely abate the nuisance.
The New York Tribune, discussing the subject gen
erally, says the defacement may "be discouraged by
the enactment and enforcement of ordinances in the
interest of health and safety requiring hoardings to be
elevated a certain distance above the ground, not to
rise in all above a certain height, and to be of a sub
stantial character so as not to be blown down to the
menace and injury of the public; indeed, they might
also be required to be fireproof, especially where
they are of permanent construction. Best of all, how
ever, would be, in addition to these things, the impo
sition of a good, round tax. These hoardings and
billboards represent a profitable business, and that
business should be taxed. Mayor Harrison mentions
the rental of $100 as paid for the hoardings on a fifty
foot lot in Chicago. It may be assumed that . still
higher rates are paid here. The business is one which
the city would be better off without. But so long a?
it exists at all.it should be rigorously taxed."
San Francisco offers a good field for a campaign of
this kind. The recent efforts to bring about a sup
pression of the nuisance resulted in what is virtually
a surrender to the evil for the present and a post
ponement of reform for an indefinite period. As a
consequence the corner of Market and Powell streets,
which, next after the corner of Kearny and Market,
is the most important center in the city, is now de
faced by an unsightly fence placarded with posters of
all kinds of abominations. That corner where the
Baldwin Hotel once stood ought to be the site of a
magnificent structure, but so long as the owners can
get enough out of the rent of a fence for advertising
purposes to pay taxes they will probably hold the
ground for speculative purposes and make no attempt
to build.
NOW that the campaign is out of the way the
progressive people of New York, Philadelphia
and Chicago have renewed the campaign of
education against the billposter nuisance that deface-?
American cities from one side of the continent to the
other. Mayor Harrison of Chicago has taken the lead
in the matter by contributing to the Philadelphia Post
a striking article on "The Defacement of the Modern
City," and many of the more influential papers in the
three cities named have warmly taken up the cause.
THE DEFACEMENT OF CITIES.
EDITORIAL
UTTERANCE
IN VARIETY
CHICAGO JOURNAL— Divorce la fha
jtadilest word In the language. It 13 the
synonym for misery. It means the de
struction of happiness, the annihilation
of the home. In some cases It may be a
necessity; in all, it is deplorable.
CLEVELAND LEADER — Whatever
may be the political conditions of th">
near or remote future In South Africa, nr»
room exists for the slightest rtonht con
cerning th<» aftermath of mlserv and pri
vation which must be endured by tha
people o( the two Boer republics. Th»\v
are already exporienrins extreme desti
tution, anil not a frw have perished o*
exposure nnd want.
BOSTON HKRAl.n-T.rr.kin-; ah^ad at
the possibility th.it the oi'-iliz-v' nation*
may bo called ujK.n to wap what thev ar«
now sowing in China, it Is rertalr.lv rle-
Pirablo. when w«» ar* = trnnp: and th"*y ar»
wp.ik. t<> treat th" <"n:n<so with that jus
tice ami consi.lenitjon W j tn which w»
sho-.ilrl nsk to b« cnt^-^crv,] -,„<} treated if
the CMnt*»;bad :\r their c05nman.fl an lr
resistlblo military f.^rop.
CHICAGO ClIRONiCLE-ii appears as
If the voting machine would solve the
problem of a fair Mlio, .,,„, „„ hnne!:r
count. Provision should U made for ex.
pertmonts In Illinn'p. Enp+riallr in t"n<*
large ritl*>s a marhin<* ub'.-h. n^ts wifh
the regularity nf clock worn «nd the ac
cu l n V ,y r L h0 "roWpUcatloii table would
end ballot-box pruning. Inttntlona] errors
in the count and a'l similar frauds on th»
suffrage.
PHILADELPHIA TIMF.S _ Xo di
plomacy In the world"." historv Is as tor
tuous as that which prevails i n the East
and it is safe to say that th« signatories
of no previous treaty wptp gtct arting In
gond faith in any arrangftnont that has
ever been made with thf Mi<wii» Kingdom
While the treaty now bftnj; framed mair
preserve for an indefinite timr> the anton'
omy of China. It Is »)*>:«c <l-nw»» w'th'si
'.-lew of what is deemed -to b<» her lney-
I table fate in a period near or far.
CHICAGO INTER OCEAN-It was ln
timatrd during the campaign that whr-i
Congress was ready to pass » nattofer*
tory canal bill it wnuM br> f<vin<1 that
the diplomatic difficulties had bpf>n r<>
moved by the State Department. Th*» bVl
Introduced in the Senate by Senator Mor
gan contemplated such a diplomatic* <>t o p.
and. if this has been taken, the Nicaragua,
canal bill should receive the considera
tion of Congress at once after the sett!p
ment of the army question.
CINCINNATI COMMERCIAL TRTF
UNE—Congress will .0 doubt givp early
and satisfactory attention to Admiral
Crownlnshield'a valued report. Th» Prpsi
dent may also be expected to emphasize
in his annual message the telling points
made by the admiral. The country hav
ing unequivocally declared for expansion.
on sound and certain lines, will strengthen
the President's hands in every etep h»
may take to promote American commer
cial development and American commer
cial supremacy, as well as. of course, our
national security on sea and land.
PHILADELPHIA TIMES— The people
should vote directly for President and
Vice President of the United States, and
they should in like manner vote for
United States Senators. The Electoral
College has on several occasions defeated
the will of the people; has on several oc
casions very seriously disturbed the har
mony of the nation; and in the Jefferson-
Burr struggle and the Hayes-Tllden con
test the republic was brought to the very
verge of revolution. These are the lin
gering traces of distrust of the sovereign
power of the people in the national con
stitution.
DENVER TTMES-Private enterprise,
by many successful examples, has dem
onstrated conclusively what Irrigation
can do with regions long supposed lrre
clalmably arid. But private enterprise
cannot cope with the vast problem. It
works within necessarily narrow limits,
end develops wasteful conflict unavoid
ably. Neither can State control cope
with It. It is confined within State lines.
On the other hand, the nation controls
the continent widely enough to b» able to
formulate a general plan which shall har
monize otherwtse conflicting: Interests
for the rood of the> whole.
When the' line at 40 degrees .was settled
upon as the boundary the question of the
ownership of the Islands between Wash
ington Territory and was still
unsettled, relates a writer in the Chicago
Times-Herald. V.'hile this
a ri™ „„;,-', j matter was in abeyance
Admonished the two K0 J ernmen t8 felt
to Bo ** necessary in order not
to lose prestige to maln-
Cordial. tain garrisons on the dis
puted ground. The United
Slates was represented by
one company of the old Ninth Infantry,
while there werr» two companies of Rrit
ish regulars and several officers repre
senting the rival power. In command of
the little American contingent was Sec
ond Lieutenant Michael J. Fitzgerald,
who had been through the Civil War na
a nnn-rnmtnlwlnncd officer and who had
been given his step in the regular service
for gallantry. When the young officer
was about to leave Pan Francisco Gen
eral McDowell, tben in command of the
Division of the Pacific, sent for him and
Impressed upon him the delicate nature
of his mission. As a matter of fact, Mc-
Dowell was afraid from Fitzgerald's name
that there might be in him enough hered
itary feeling- against the liritlsh soldiers
to make it very easy for him to find an
excuse to precipitate trouble.
"Above all thing?. Lieutenant Fitzger
ald." paid the general, "observe the rulf/
of international courtesy."
"I'll do that same, general." answered
Fitzgerald promptly. "There'll be no war
growing out of my treatment of the red
coats."
The next day he pet sail for h!s north
ern post with his little hand of followers.
The American and British garrisons
were only an hour's trip apart. When
Lieutenant Fitzgerald wa.s installed final
ly in his quarters and was feeling the full
weight of being not only
„ .., B v —..¦ , company commander but
uritisn JJia commanding officer of a
First United States garrison, he
was called upon in turn
Honors. b >' eacl1 of the half dozen
ofllcers stationed a few
miles beyond the hill.
Fitzgerald returned the calls promptly,
nnd shortly thereafter was invited to dine
with six Englishmen as hosts. At that
dinner the American lieutenant was en
tertained royally. There was nothing in
the British garrison that was too good
for him. As he put it afterward to his
comrades in the States, "It was a wet
night."
When Fitzgerald had returned to his
quarters and three weeks had passed
away he thought it was about time to
prepare to return in some way the hos
pitality of the Englishmen. The supplies
at his disposal were a jug of whisky and
the ordinary army rations. There was
nothing good, barring that which was
in the British possession, nearer than San
Francisco.
Fitzgerald was a man of expedients.
The next boat carried some commissions
to the California metropolis. Three weeks
afterward six British officers and the
handful of civilian officials, both Ameri
can and English, that were on the island
received each a communication. Lieuten
ant Fitzgerald was to return hospitalities.
his soldiers that it would
t • * «~j. not do for an American
Lieutenant officer to be outdone in
Vn* hospitality. He forthwith
proceeded to Instruct the
Outclassed, twenty in duties as wait
ers. He picked out of the
command four or five mu
sicians and had them provided with In
struments. "When the British officers and
the civilian contingent arrived and pre-
A week afterward a round hundred
large packages arrived from San Fran
cisco. Fitzgerald told about twenty of
liminary courtesies were exchanged they
vroro shown Into a barnpirt hall with a
table glittering with cut glass and silver.
They ate of dpllcacips and substantial
that" none of them thought could be found
nearer than New York, and they drank
of wines that none oth*>r than the cellar
of a connoisseur could have contained.
There was a waiter for every guest, and
the music lagged not until the speaking
began. It was all over, however, about
three hours after the host had excused
himself temporarily to attend reveille roll
call.
Lieutenant Michael J.- Fitzgerald looked
at the pile of bills rendered. In amount
they were $1400. The banquet had cost $"r>
a plate. lie looked at his
monthly pay account. In
three weeks he would
have cash in hand to the
amount of $116 66. Lieu
tenant Fitzgerald passed
the night in thought. In
the morning there was a
look of relief upon his face. In an hour's
time there was ready for transmission to
headquarters in San Francisco some offi
cial envelopes marked in red Ink and larxe
letters, "International Courtesies." In
closed were bills for pate de fole pras.
rare old Burgundy und other things.
With the lnelosure went this: "Excerpt
from Major General McDowell's instruc
tions: "Above all things. Lieutenant Fitz
gerald, observe the rules of international
courtesy.' "
McDowell fumed, and tradition hath it
that he swore; but he ordered the bills
paid out of the contingent fund, and the
memory of that banquet in the wilds of
one of the Islands which now forms part
of San Juan County of the State of Wash
ington lives to this day in the minds of
several of her Majesty's soldiers.
Lieutenant Fitzgerald subsequently was
ordered to 'the Presidio as post adjutant,
attained the rank of captain, was wound
ed at Red Cloud Indian Agency in 1S76 and
commanded a company at Chicago dur
lnp the riots of 1S77. He was retired in
1879 and now resides at Lebanon, Pa.
Army Officer, Once Stationed Here, Who
Knew International Courtesy.
AMERICAN LIEUTENANT
OBSERVED THE RULES
Their objection to revival of American shipping is
selfish, but not wisely selfish. The new market -for
American material and the new employment for tens
of thousands of American laborers will be a direct
benefit to these producers, and when they object to
doing this by the same means they have so often so
licited for the benefit of their productions, by giving
access to market, they stand in their own light as
well as in the light of American labor and American
enterprise.
Why should the grangers of the interior States ob
ject? Why don't they ask foreigners to come to their
bins and elevators, far inland, and carry a.way their
surplus instead of asking their own Government to
give them navigable rivers and deep harbors by which
to meet the foreign carrier at the seaboard?
Of course the ship-builders are interested, and so
are the ship-carpenters and metal-fitters, and the ma
rine architects and draughtsmen, and the coal and iron
miners, the steel-makers, the inland transportation
companies, which will carry the raw material of con
struction to the shipyards, and the marine under
writers, the sailmakers, the woodsmen who cut tim
ber for spars, the paint-makers and painters, and so
on to the men who weave bunting for the flags which
will show their sheen over the world's trade carried in
American ships.
The National Grange has just resolved against any
Government encouragement to ship-building. But the
influences which control the National Grange are the
most importunate solicitors for Federal money to pro
tect the navigability of streams leading to the sea.
These influences were potent in the Trans-Mississippi
Congress, when it secured five millions to make Gal
veston a deep water harbor, to receive the commercial
drainage of the cis-Misrouri country as far north as
the Dakotas. These National Granges in seeking
river and harbor improvements are working for their
own interests, and also for those of the country. They
v/ant water transportation to the seaboard as a com
peting regulator of railway freights on their surplus
production, for which they must =eek a foreign mar
ket. When that surplus reaches the seaboard it find 5
a transportation system on deep water in which their
own country cannot compete for lack of ships. They
find their foreign market accessible only under alien
flags, which may at any moment, by the outbreak of a
foreign war, become useless to protect neutral trade.
Then thejfwould find their foreign market as effectually
closed against them as if it had never been. Then
their losses in one year would exceed the total sum
required to put American deep water shipping to an
equality with that of any other power, from which
far point it would rapidly go forward of its own mo
mentum to excel that of the nations combined.
In making this suggestion we are not unmindful of
the outcry that will be made to the effect that ship
builders are trying to get something out of the treas
ury, contributed by the Government. But we are not
disquieted by the prospect of such a clamor.
We are sure that California will see in this exposi
tion of the condition of American shipping, and of our
part of it, a pressing reason why this State should
have a strong representation at the Georgia conven
tion. Our Senators snd Representatives should be
delegated to that meeting and our commercial bodies
should be represented *by men wise in our ship
building and seafaring interests. By all means a rep
resentative of every ship-building plant on the coast
should go.
In addition to our ninety-seven steamships of over
1000 tons we have in our foreign trade 125 square
rigged sailing ships of over 1000 tons each. Of our
total deep water and coasting tonnage the Pacific
Coast, including the reregistered tonnage of Hawaii,
has only 612.004 tons! An investigation will show, we
believe, that our Pacific deep water tonnage is below
that of Japan!
Since then our decadence in deep water tonnage
has been rapid. The Commissioner reports that we
are practically restricted for carrying our foreign trad.:
under our own flag to ninety-seven registered steam
ships, with a total of 260.320 tons. But Japan has
eighty-three ocean steamers with a total of 286,200
tons! And, let it be remembered, Japan is in the Pa
cific. She is competing with us on that part of the
blue water where the future increase of maritime com
merce is to be.
Between the beginning of the century and 1861 we
had so far overtaken our maritime rival, Great Brit
ain, that she had to charter American ships to trans
port her troops to the Black Sea during the Crimean
war. She had begun to gain upon us after that war,
but in 1861 our tonnage still equaled hers and ex
ceeded that of France and Germany combined.
One hundred years ago our deep water tonnage en
gaged in foreign trade was 669,921 tons, owned by the
original thirteen colonies. The same States now own
only 482,907 tons! This means that New Hampshire,
Massachusetts, Rhode Island, Connecticut, New
York, New Jersey, Delaware, Maryland, Virginia,
North Carolina, South Carolina, Georgia and Penn
sylvania, the original thirteen, all maritime States, and
having within their borders the great seaports, Bos
ton, New York. Philadelphia, Baltimore, Charleston.
Savannah and all the secondary harbors between Sa
vannah and Portsmouth, have to-day 187,014 less tons
of shipping than they had at the beginning of our con
stitutional period!
But this comparison of gross tonnage does not tell
it all. Of our present total tonnage that engaged in
the blue water trade, foreign commerce, is 816,795
tons! It carried in the last fiscal year only 9 per
cent of our external commerce!
The report shows that while we have a total ton
nage amounting to 5,164,840 gross tons, represented
by 23,333 vessels, our maximum tonnage in 1861 was
S,S39,8i3 tons, so that we have 374,973 less tons than
we had thirty-nine years ago!
THE report of the Commissioner of Navigation,
following so closely upon the call of Georgia's
Governor for a convention of the maritime
States, will furnish to the people all the explanation
that call needs.
OUR DECADENT SHIPPING.
Roberts is of course a man of a character widely
different from that of Weyler. and his troops have
been guilty of none of those atrocities which in Cuba
aroused the indignation of the civilized world.
Nevertheless he has now to front a situation like that
of Weyler, and has found it necessary to be harsh.
It is not strange that the much condemned Spaniard
should enjoy the situation and give the British critics
a dose ,of the medicine they gave him.
The London Chronicle in commenting on the situa
tion says: "The British troops are loudly accused of
making war on women because many women who
helped the enemy in their native places have been sent
elsewhere. We must expect this irrational charge to'
be repeated with even greater vigor if the fighting
burghers, who have been praised for releasing prison
ers they cannot feed, are required to provide for thci
own flesh and blood. These recriminations are in
evitable in the kind of scuffle into which the war ha?
now degenerated; but the practical point is that the
present police work must be so carried on as to break
down resistance, and not encourage it."
The Boers seem determined to fight as-long as they
can find fighting ground. The men are in the field
and the women are in the hands of, the British, so
Roberts has to feed the women while the men fight.
A short time ago he became tired of that sort of thing
and sent a large number of women into the Boer
lines. A correspondent of the London Times says
the Boer women are satisfied with their position.
They do not wish their brothers, their husbands and
sons to give up, and the Boers would rather face
British guns than their womankind.
bad as that which stirred every American heart to in
dignation.
THE SAN FBAXCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, NOYEMBER 22, 1900.
LIEUTENANT (NOW CAPTAIN)
M. J. FITZGERALD. U. S. A.,
RETIRED.
THURSDAY NOVEMBER 22, 1900
JOHN D. SFRECKELS. Proprietor.
Address A!l Communication* to W. S. LEAKE, Manager.
MAXAGKIfS OFFICE Telephone PreM 2O4
PrULICATIO* OFFICE... Market nnd Third, S. F.
Telephone Preii 2O1.
EDITORIAL ROOM!! 21T ta 221 <»evpn«on St.
Telephone Prens 202.
Delivered by Carrier*. IK Centn Per W r eelf.
Mnglf Cople*. r, Cent*.
Terms by Mail. Including Poataeei
VATL.Y CALL (including Sunday), one year...: $6.90
DAILT CALL. <!nclsdinc Sunday). < month* *.M
I5AILT CALL (Including Sunday). 3 months l.M
T5AILT CALL— By Single Month «5e
FtrNHAT CALL. One Tear 1.60
WEEKLY CALL, One Tear 1.00
All postmiiftter* are authorized to receive
¦a ascription a.
Pair.ple copies will be forwarded when requested.
Mall ruheerlber* !n «r«Vrinc chanp* of addrew should r>»
particular to rive both SEW AND OLD ADDRESS In ord»r
to Jr.rure a prompt and correct <-ompllance with their request.
OAKL.AXD OFFICE ; HIS Broadvra?
C. GEORGE KROGXESS.
Vantger Foreign Advertising. Building. Chicago.
(long DlFtar.ce Telephone "Central :$19.")
JTETT TORK CORRESPONDETCT:
C C. CAIILTOX Herald Sqanrr
JCETV TORK REPRESENTATIVE:
fTEPITEX B. SMITH no Trlbane Ilalldinir
NEW TORK XE.rS STANDS:
Waldorf-Artorls, Hotel: A. Brentano. & Union Square;
Murray Hill Hotel.
CHICAGO NKWS STANDS:
Sherman House; P. O. News Co.: Great Northern Hotel:
TYemont House; Auditorium Hotel.
WASHINGTON <li. C.\ OFFICE 1400 G St.. N. W.
MORTON E. CRAKE. Corrmpondent.
RRANCH OFFICES EZT Montgomery, crrner of Clay, open
until S:S« o'clock. SfiO Hayes, open unt'l 9:30 o'clock. 633
McAllister, open until »:S0 o'clock. fl5 Larkln. op*n until
»:S0 o'clock. 1S11 Mission, open until 10 o'clock. I?S1 Market,
corner P!xt<^nth. open until 9 o'clock. 1096 Valencia. op»n
ur.tll 9 o'clock. 108 Eleventh, open until 9 o'clock. NW. cor
ner Twenty-second and Kentucky, open until 3 o'clock.
6
Admonished
to Bo
Cordial.
British Did
First
Honors.
Lieutenant
Not
Outclassed.
Uncle Sam
Paid
All the Bills.
Olumbia— "The Ameer."
Tlvoll— "A Jolly Musketeer."
Alhambra — "A Strancer In New Tork."
<~a!iforrla— rioya! Marine Band of Italy.
Orrheum— Benefit Charity Fund Associated Theatrical Man-
arers, this afternoon. November" 22.
<"»n>heum — Vaudeville.
Grar.d Opera-house— "Romeo et Juliette."
Alcazar— "The Railroad of Love."
Olympta, corner Mafon and Edfly ftreets— Specialties.
Chutes. Zoo and Theater— Vaudeville every afternoon and
evening.
Flfch^r'e— Vaudeville.
Tanforan Park— Race* ti-day.
AMUSEMENTS.
By Wm. G. T^amp— Tfcii evening, at 7:43. at 7:1-713 How-
ard. Thorouchbred Hnrf?(.
By Chase he Mf nder.hal!— This day. Horse*, at 1732 Market
street.
By W. II. Ilord— Saturday. November 14. at 10 o'cIock,
HorsM and Mules, at Armstronc's Ranch. Davievllle.
AUCTION SALES.
THANKSGIVING ISSUE, NOVEMBER 25.
" i // TWELVF
SUNDAY
CALL
ff ILLUSTRATED \\
// • AND \\
\\ PRINTED AS ONLY |]
\\: SUNDAY CALL Jj
\V C AN DO IT. JJ
DON'T MISS THE GREAT COMIC SECTION.
The blood will be poor so Ion* as the stomach
fthlrks Its duty. A half wine-glass of DR.
SIEGEIWS Anrcstura Bitters befor* meals
cures dyspepsia.
As it runs erery day In the'year, leaving Saa
Francisco at 10 a. m., via Central Paolfla. Union
Pacific and Chicago and Northwestern Rail-
ways, and arrives at Chicago at 9:30 a. m. ths
Uilnl day. A solid vestlbuled train of iup»rb
splendor, carrying Pullman doubla drawing-
room Eleepers, dining car and buffet smokln?
and library car, San. Francisco to Chicago
without change. Only four days to New Tork
and Boaton. If you're In a hurry take "Tho
Overland Limited."
You Don't Have to Wait for "The
• Overland Idmlted,"
A Frenchman who recently traveled In
the United States has written .an article
on the tooth-filling branch of dentistry,
and after studyinsr statistics he #stlmates
that upward of $500,000 worth of gold Is
packed Into the teeth of Americans every
year.
Special Information supplied dally to
business houses and public men by th*
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's). 510 Mont-
gomery at. Telephone Main 1M! •
TowrisentTs California glace fruits. 50c a
pound. In flre-ctched boxes or Jap. bas-
kets, 639 Market, Palace Hotel building:. •
Choice candles, Townsend's.Palace Hotel.*The last year has been a very profitable
one for the Santa Fe, the total earnings
having increased . over JS.(tOO,0(X>. The
State, Territorial; county, and municipal
taxes now paid aggregate $1.502,483.. which
is 3.23 per cent of the total receipts from
all sources and. 8.0S per cent of the total
net revenue for the year. In addition to
this the company paid $41,118 to the Gov
ernment in internal revenue taxes.
The annual meeting of the stockholders
of the Atchlson, Topeka and Santa Fe
Railway Company will be held on Decem
ber 13, when it is expected that the pur
chases of the, property and franchises of
the San Francisco and San Joaquin Val
ley and the Santa Fe Pacific lines will
be. ratified. -With 'but one or two excep
tions the Santa Fe now owns the entire
capital stock of. the San Joaquin Valley
road. Since May 1. when this road began
to be used rp a part of the Santa Fe sys
tem, its earnings show large increases.
The stock of the San Joaquin Valley road
cost $2,463.S00. "* ia ?ilffHffl l iff 1 1WfflWBWil'1^ "T
Ratify Big Purchases.
Stockholders Meet Next Month to
With this exception matters have pro
gressed quit9 satisfactorily between the
railroad delegates and the company. The.
conference will be concluded to-day, pro
vided one little point— a question of mile
age for tho conductors — can be settled.
General Manager Kruttschnitt; who is in
Los Angeles, was wired last night in re
gard to the matter and an answer is ex
pected this morning.
SANTA FE'S ANNUAL MEETING.
It is safe to say, however, that if Fill
more Is convinced that it Is the will of a
majority of the yardmen throughout the
division that the schedule come before
him independent of the trainmen's asso
ciation he will reconsider the matter and
grant the desired audience.'
Pillmore has always believed in the ma
jority ruling, hence his action yesterday.
What action the San Francisco and
Oakland yardmen will now take remains
to be seen. They may again request an
audience with Fillmore, but if the sched
uie for the coast division has already
been made up it is not likely that a special
one would bo prepared for the benefit of
the local men. In case the yardmen here
and in Oakland are able to enlist the sym
pathy of switchmen all over the division,
then serious complications might arise.
One of the natural results would be a
light for supremacy between the train
men's association and the National
Switchmen's Union. The former Is a long
established, rich organization, with more
than 40,000 members, while the latter is
only about two years old, with limited
financial backing.
Manager Fillmore was at first disposed
to grant the switchmen a separate near
ing, but it is said that since the grand
officers came here Killmore has been made
to see that a majority of the switchmen
on the coast lines are in harmony with
the trainmen's association and are willing
to accept whatever schedule is prepared
under the association's direction.
Manager J. A. Fillmore of the Southern
Pacific has agreed to a new schedule of
wages and working hours for the yard
men In the company's employ on the Pa
cific division. The new schedule does not
call for any sweeping changes. The docu
ment came before Fillmore for his final
approval at the session of railroad dele
gates and Grand Officers Clark and Lee
yesterday, and it was practically agreed
that the schedule as offered should stand.
Just how this action will strike the
yardmen In this city and Oakland remain 3
to be seen. For the! last two weeks they
have been clamoring for an audience with
Killmore independent of the trainmen's
and conductors' associations. The yard
men, who include the switchmen and their
assistants, decided that their organization
was not getting proper representation at
the conference, so tney bolted the train
men s association, with which they had
for years been identified.
Fillmore Accepts Proposal
From the Trainmen's
Association.
NEW SCHEDULE
FOR SWITCHMEN
the counter ¦when Stelblng's back was
turned and succeeded in extracting: $1 50
before he was detected. Ho was handed
over to Police Officer J, J, Nyhan end
booked at the Seventeenth street .nation
on the charpe of petty larceny. Stelblng
declined to prosecute the lad out of con
sideration for his father, Thomas Chaffer,
who resides at 318 Day street.
For Galveston Flood Sufferers.
An entertainment for the benefit of the
Galveston flood sufferers will be given by
the Senslm Circle at the Hamilton Square
Baptist Church, Post street, near Stelner,
to-morrow evening at 8 o'clock. Admis
sion will be twenty-five cents for adults
and ten cents for children. Following is
the programme:
Trio, ••SeEuidilla" (Holet). Misses Marks.
Nicholls, Cook; vocal solo, "A Dream" (Bart
lett). Miss Alice Pullen; guitar and mandolin
duet. Misses Lincoln and Blackaller; violin
solo, "Gypsy Dance" (Henri Ernst), Paul
Noble, M. D. ; whistling solo (selected). Mies
Gertrude Judd; vocal solo (selected), Mrs. E.
Abramson; trombone solo (selected). Dr. Maude
Xoble.
Concert and Picture Exhibition
To-night. Mark Hopkins Institute of Art,
California and Mason sts. Admission 25c.
Open daily. •
For Seizing a Sailor's Clothes.
John Curtin. sailor boarding- house keep
er, was arrested yesterday by United
States Marshal Shine on complaint of
I^ouis Nathel, a Bailor, who alleges that
Curtin seized his clothing for debt. Cur
tin's examination will take place next
Monday before Court Commissioner Hea
cock. •
MARRY AMID
PINK BLOSSOMS
Miss Emma Lake Hunt and
Harry Rice Bostwick
Are Made One.
In the midst of a wealth of rare pink
blossoms and a luxurious riot of ferns
and palms Miss Emma Lake Hunt and
Harry Rice Bostwick were married last
evening at the residence of the bride'3
mother, 1715 Geary street.
It was one of the prettiest weddings of
the early season. The company, though
limited in number, was a magnificent one,
the dress of the fair young bride one of
the handsomest that maid ever stepped
to the altar in and the presents formed a
Eplendid collection of jewels, rare bric-a
brac, delicate faience and magnificent sil
ver.
At 8:30 o'clock the young couple faced
Rev. Father Jones of the Dominican
Church and exchanged the vows that
made them man and wife. The bride was
attended by her sister,* Mrs. J. F. Moro
ney, who officiated as matron of honor.
Frank Somers was best man. The bride's
gown was a magnificent confection of
Duchesse lace. Mrs. Moroney was attired
in blue chiffon trimmed with rare old lace.
About 6e>'enty-nve guests witnessed the
ceremony. Mr. and Airs. Bostwick will
leave this morning in their private car for
a three months' Eastern tour. They will
then proceed to Korea, where the groom
has large railroad interests and will re
main there for two years, after 'which a
tour of the •world is contemplated.
CIUCTTS MAXIMUS BY
STANFORD PAELOR
Splendid Programme Has Been Pre-
Next Monday.
pared for the Entertainment
The circus maximus, which Is to be given
next Monday night in the banquet hall of
the Native Sons' bullding < under the di
rection of the good of the order commit
tee of Stanford Parlor, N. S. G. W., of
which Bruce Cornwall Is the chairman,
promises to be one of the grandest af
fairs of the kind ever got up by a fra
ternal organization in this city. Stan
ford Parlor, which is recognized for the
prcjalnence of its members, its progres
fctveness and hospitality, never does any
thing on the half-way principle and it
promises a show that will be one to be
enjoyed and remembered with pleasure
by all who have the opportunity to wit
ness it. Following is the programme:
Orand entree. Drum Major M. Poole: Ste
venson's famoua brass band; cavalcade of
knights on Arabian steeds; the largest conglom
eration of untrained animals ever let loose in
the arena; the four-legged elephant, the two
legged ostrich, the one-humped camel, the
bucking donkey, etc.; the roming army, the
only one in captivity; Roman gladiators, wrest
lers, sword fighters, fire eaters; our own aggre
gation of clowns and our own perambulating
calliope; drill of. the knights, mounted; novel
ty Jumping, by the wonderful wizard. Professor
A. M. Stone, assisted by R. Stone; Roman
sports: Wrestling, J. Kplro. F. P. Barley, O.
A. Hlnsley, W. K. King; boxing, W. J. Leon
ard, D. Carroll, J. W. McCarthy, M. 8. Breen;
fencing, Emllio Lastrcto, Professor Tronchet;
the wonderful rider, Mme. DeVon, in her cele
brated performance with Black Beauty, the
greatest educated horse alive; the dashing
Mile. Smithereens, In her beautiful bareback
act, wonderful, weird work; ringmaster, H. B.
A. Kugler; carnival of clowns, singing clowns,
whistling clowns, dancing clowns, acrobatio
clowns; concert and entertainment and the
Dflver to be forgotten sideshows.
The officers of the parlor are:
Past president. William II. Dick; presi
dent, William F. Humphreys; first vice
president, William D. Hynea; second vice
president, Bruce Cornwall; third vice
president, S. O. Stanyan; recording sec
retary, Fred H. Jung; financial secretary,
Joseph D. Cox: treasurer, Frank H.
Eckenroth; marshal, A. T. Schlelcher;
trustees — E. H. Hammar, Joseph Oreen
berg. Grant A. Laughlln; inside sentinel,
H,enry Van Valkenburgh; outside sen
tinel, A. C. Troutvetter.
Caught Tapping- the Register.
NelBoh Chaffer, an eleven-year-olJ boy,
was caught in the act of tapping the cash
register at the grocery store of H. Btel
bing at Twenty-ninth and- Noe streets
yesterday. The youngster went behind
old In the expansion of our trade.
Captain Charles Nelson, president of the
Chamber of Commerce, spoke briefly, ad
vocating the execution or the lease. He
said that no man could foresee the ex
tent of frontage and wharfage that would
be required twenty years hence to accom
modate the shipping coming into this port.
It rested with the Commissioners, he said,
to provide docking facilities and to give
an impetus to the shipping trade by mak
ing development in that direction possible.
Irving M. Scott was called upon. He said:
I advocate the execution of the lens» for
the reason that it is a means of securing a;i
extension of shipping facilltlew much needed
by San Francisco. You cannot get those ad
ditional wharves as soon as they will be needed.
They are needed now. Since June of this year
vessels aggregating 250.000 tons intended for
use on the Pacific have been contracted for.
find during the year ending June 30 vessels were
finished or contracted for aggregating 350.000
tons. Among these were seventy-six st?amt»\-s,
of which ten are ot 10,000 tons each.
Hill is having two monster steamers of 33,000
tone loaded displacement built, the Pacific
Mall two of 18,000 tons displacement and there
are on the ways In this city two steamt'.ra of
18.600 tons loaded displacement for th« Ameri
can-Hawaiian Steamship Company. John D.
Spreckels is having three steamers of 6000 tens
each built. Captain Dollar hag a large steamer
on the ways and the Pacino Coast Ste*nnhip
company is building a fast steamer to run
between San Francisco and Seattle.
Now these are simply Illustrations of the
great tonnage that Is now being built for the
carrying trade of the Pacific. It exceeds many
times the tonnage now In use on the Paeltlc.
The Harbor Commissioners must Immediately
prepare facilities for these vessels. Thore can
be but one possible objection to this leas?.
If the railroad should not be r.ctlng In good
faith that would be a reason for rejection ol
the lease. But when I realize the careful In
vestigation of these questions made I.y ths
commissioners and merchants here present 1
am sure nothing exists In the leaes that will
affect public interests injuriously.
Mayor Phelan asked Mr. Scott how soon,
in his opinion, the seawall south of
Fourth street would need to be built. Mr.
Scott replied:
It Is needed now. All big things in the way
of enterprises are moving toward the Pacific.
The greatest ships the world has ever Been
are now building to plow our seas. I expect to
live to see shirs as thick on the Pacific as
they are on the Atlantic. San Franclsco'8
wharfage is entirely inadequate, not only In
number but in the size of the wharves. I
would like to call attention to another thing.
We had to send the Wisconsin 826 miles to
dock. We cannot dock vessels here tliat are
built here. The Northwest is alive to Its op
portunities and they are moving solidly to
gether. We muPt move and work together In
order to maintain the advantages our position
gives us.
F. W. Dohrmann of the Merchants' As-
Fociation said that three parties were to
be congratulated if the lease were exe
cuted—the public, the Santa Fe Railroad
and the Southern Pacific. He said:
There aro good commercial reasons why the
Southern Pacific is to be congratulated. If
we do not give facilities for terminals and for
shipping our rivals will outstrip us. For years
San Franciscans have been pulling and haul
ing, divided into factions, finding fault with
corporations, balking the railroad when It was
right and letting It have its way often when
it should have been balked. Bo when we at
last come together and the element of distrust
disappears. It Is a cause for general congratu
lation. «
F. W. Van Slcklen, Edward Keil, S M
Haslett, E. A. Folger, A. L. Scott and
William Haas spoke briefly In favor of the
lease.
On the rollcall upon the motion to adopt
the resolution offered by Commissioner
The railroad pays a yearly rental of
$1000. The railroad agrees to build a sea
wall along the line of the water front, be
ginning not later than nine months after
December 1, 1800. and finishing It within
six years,' and binding itself to expend an
nually $50,000 upon it until it is completed.
Whenever the State shall nave extended
Its seawall from Its present end near Mis
sion street to the Channel-street line a
100-foot strip on the harbor side of the
seawall built by the railroad shall become
the property of the State; also rights of
way 70 feet wit'.e at the north and south
boundaries of the leased premises.
The document is eleven' typewritten
pages in length. Every possible safe
guard is thrown around the agreement to
protect the rights of the public and of the
State. -^
Commencing at the Intersection of the south
line of Channel street with the east line of
Kentucky street, thence east at right angles
with said line of Kentucky street to the outer
line of the seawall and thoroughfare established
by act of Legislature March 15, 1S78. thence
southerly along said outer line of the thorough
fare to a point opposite to the Intersection of
the northerly line of Fourth street with the
inner line of said peawall, thence across said
seawall In a direction perpendicular to Its
length, to the Intersection of the northerly line
of Fourth street with the Inner line of the said
seawall, thence northwesterly along said north
erly line of Fourth street to the easterly line of
Kentucky street, thence along said line of Ken
tucky street to the point of beginning.
The area covered by the lease is about
thirty-five acres. It Is described as fol
lows:
The lease is valid as it stands. A con
dition of the agreement by which the rail
road is required to build a seawall for the
State is that the Legislature shall ratify
the lease. Should the Legislature fail to
ratify the lease that part of the agree
ment alone is void. "I he lease by which
the railroad gains possession of China
Basin for fifty years stands, whatever the
action of the Legislature or of Governor
Gag-e.
The lease was then formally signed by
the authorized representatives of the two
parties to it. Mayor Phelan and Harbor
Commissioners Kilburn, Harney and Her
old signed, as constituting the State
Board of Harbor Commissioners. Captain
A. H. Payson, vice president of the San
Francisco and San Joaquin Valley Rail
way Company, signed for the railroad.
The lease was taken to the Santa Fe of
fices and Alexander Mackle, secretary of
the Valley Railroad, affixed his signature.
You are not to be criticized for being over
cautious, perhaps. You have been a little hard
on us. but we know that you have been actu
ated by the best motives and have desired only
to protect the public Interests.
1 have talked with Governor Gage and know
that he feels Interested In the increase of ship
ping facilities here. I am confident he will
make no objection to Its execution. I want
to thank Mayor Phelan for the attention* he
has given the matter and through him the
Board of Supervisors, who I must say seemed
to comprehend the importance of the lease
6ooner than did this board.
I assure you that the company is acting: in
good faith. We need those facilities. We are
not here to make war, but to do business and
to do it in a legitimate manner.
At times we have felt Impatient over the
delay, but we now recognize that the delay
has been beneficial. We have come to under
stand the public's needs and our own needs
better. The lease Is the result of the best
judgment <jf. the men most Interested In the
city's welfare.
Herold all four votes were cast In the
affirmative.
E. S. Pillsbury thanked the Commis
sioners for their action. He said:
President Kilburn said that before a
vote was taken the Commissioner^ would
like to hear expressions of opinion from
the gentlemen present. He called upon
General R. H. Warrield, who spoke as
follows:
I am here with other g-entiemen representing
the Merchants' Association to advocate th>
execution of this lease. We aro satisn^i that
such action will be greatly to the Interest of
San Francisco. It will result In the expendi
ture of a great deal of money here an 1 will
Commissioner Harney offered a resolu
tion terminating the former Jeasa, exe
cuted July 8, 1895, of part or* the China
Basin to the Valley Railroad. It was stip
ulated In the resolution that such termina
tion of the lease should be without preju
dice against the party or the second part
in securing a new lease. Commissioner
Herold seconded the resolution, and on the
caJl of the roll Messrs. Phelan, Harney,
Herold and Kilburn all voted aye.
Captain Payson then presented the
lease, which in its amended form embod
ied the work of months. Former Gover
nor Budd read the document to the board.
When he had concluded Commissioner
Herold offered a resolution approving the
lease and authorizing its execution. ,
"The lease as read," said Mr. Herold,
"is the result of great care and thought.
We feel that it is so drawn that the in
terests of the State will be carefully
guarded and at the same time the rail
road company properly protected in its
rights in the premises."
Irving M. Scott, president of the Union
Iron Works; Captain A. H. Payson, vice
president of the San Francisco and San
Joaquin Valley Railroad; ex-Governor
Budd, counsel for the board, and E. S.
Pillsbury, attorney for the railroad, were
in attendance. All the Harbor Commis
sioners and Mayor Phelan, ex offlcio mem
ber of the board, were present.
"The lease, if executed," Paris Kllburn,
president of the board, said upon calling
the meeting to order, "will have to go be
fore the Legislature for ratification, and
that action will come to Governor Gage
for his approval or disapproval, and for
that reason the Governor does not con
sider it the proper thing for him to act
with us to-day. That is why he is not
present."
The merchants of San Francisco, fully
awake to the importance of providing ade
quate terminal facilities for competing
railroads and docks for shipping, were
well represented at the meeting. The
Chamber of Commerce committee, con
sisting of Captain Charles Nelson, C. D.
Haven. George A. Newhall, W. H. Mar-
Bton and H. F. Fortman, was In attend
ance; also E. Scott, secretary of the
Chamber. The Merchants* Association
was represented by the following commit
tee: F. W. Dohrmann, Andrew M. Davis,
Frank J. Symraes. E. A. Keil, General R,
H. Warflald and H. S. Baldwin. The San
Francisco Board of Trade was represented
by the following merchants: William
Haas, Gustav Wormser, F. W. Van Sick
len, E. A- Folger, Philip S. Teller, S. M.
Haalett, A. I* Scott and R. H. Swayne.
.After many months of delay the 50-year
lease of the China Basin to the San Fran
cisco and San Joaquin Valley Railroad
was executed yesterday. The consumma
tion, following an almost unprecedented
amount of painstaking investigation and
consideration, was reached at the regular
meeting of the State Board of Harbor
Commissioners. : -
The simplest uso of the short scene i3
that in which gentlemen meet and nar
rate certain things that the audience
must know — they may or may not exhibit
their individuality as they tell the story.
Shakespeare seems to have had to resort
to this expedient, especially in his last
plays, where there is such a wealth of
material as in the historical play of
"Henry VIII" and In the romantic stories
of "Cymbellne" and "Winter's Tale." An
other use of the short scene Is to strike
the keynote of a play at the first. Sub
ordinate chnracters prepare the wav for
the principal characters, as in "Romeo
and Juliet" and "Hamlet." In the latter
especially the tone of the whole tragedy
Is struck by the sentinels as they walk
the platform at Elslncre in the deep hour
of midnight. In "King Lear" there Is a
little scene In which two servant.? of
Gloster determine to follow the old eari.
and they apply some flax and white of
pggs to his bleeding face. This little
scene is like a ..burst of sunshine in the
darkness of this terrible tragedy. Some
times the subordinate characters play the
part of a chorus. The keynote of the
tragedy of "Coriolanus'Ms struck by ono
of the officers who come to clear away
the cushions. After the second officer ha3
told of the great things that Corlolanus
has done for the state and gives the best
possible defense for his conduct, the fir3t
officer says: "If he did not care whether
he had their love or no. he waved Indif
ferently 'twlxt doing them neither good
nor harm; but he seeks their hate with
greater devotion than they can render
It him, and leaves nothing undone that
may fully discover him their oposite.
Now. to seem to affect malice and dis
pleasure of the people is as had as that
which he dislikes, to flatter them for their
love." This Is the very keynote of the
general's character. The people are bet
ter than he In that they recognize his
greatness and are willing to reward him
but he loses all control of hlmgelf and
with ungovernable ¦ pride banishes Rome
from himself, betrays his country and all
but brings ruin upon the Imperial cltf.
Very impressive and significant is the
following little scene In "Antony and
Cleopatra," In which the soldiers com
ment on a rumor they have heard as to
battle. -It Is far In the night-time now:
the soldiers meet and exchange greetings,
The average reader of Shakespeare's
plays is interested only in the principal
characters; the subordinate characters
often interfere with his enjoyment, and he
considers them only so far as they con
tribute to the general story. So with the
scenes; he lingers over the great passages
—soliloquies and dialogues that have be
come famous— while the brief scenes, the
seemingly trivial remarks of gentlemen,
citizens, clowns, etc., go unnoticed. On
the stage parts of a play must be omltte-1
on account of lack of time, and it is the
bripf scenes that the attendant at the the
ater knows nothing about. It would be
interesting to know Just how much of one
of Shakespeare's long plays was omitted
In acting; we know from the prologue to
"Romeo and Juliet" that the play was
expected to take up two hours; it is hard
ly possible that some of his plays could
have been acted in that time. Shake
speare, however, was such a master of
theatrical knowledge or technique that
there must have been an ideal stage on
which all his characters could appear and
all his scenes be wrought out. There is
no- character, however insignificant, that
doee not play his part with the other
characters; no scene that does not find
its place in the dramatic structure.
It Is only when we have read his plays
over and over ugain and have seen the co
ordination of part with part, noted the
blending of minor and major chords, that
we begin to have a proper conception of
his dramatic power. The great variety of.
chnracters, incidents and thoughts to be
found In the romantic drama has often
been noted— truly remarkable when we
compare it with the more limited and yet
perhapB more finished Greek drama. A
wealth of characters demands a great
number of scenes. This characteristic
feature of the Shakespearean drama is
seen nowhere better than in those scenes
that bring in subordinate characters, that
serve to Increase the complexity of the
plot and yet really contribute to the or
ganic structure. No one can hope to un
derstand Shakespeare who does not read
carefully every scene, every line in the
play; It is in such study that actors have
been able to introduce a new and truer
conception of the dramatic movement of
a play and critics have found their rea
son for new interpretation of characters
and incidents.
In this article I shall not deal with the
question of Shakespeare's subordinate
characters. This is a subject which
Charles Cowden Clarke has treated fully
in his appreciative and discriminating
book on "The Characters of tohakespeare.
It will not fall within the province of this
paper to discuss the subordinate char
acters that have become attached to the
more important characters of the play,
and can hardly be thought of as apart
from them— Roc>reigo, Autolycus, Toucn
stone. the fool In "King Lear," not to
mention many others.
We shall rather consider those scenes
In which subordinate characters appear
only once or possibly a few times In the
play— those scenes «when the stage Is
clear of all the principal characters, the
story Is for a momerft at a standstill, but
some citizens meet in the street and talk,
some clowns interpose with their com
mon sense and humorous Jargon, soldiers
pass across the stage and interpret char
acters for us, servants talk of their mas
ter* in whom we are .Interested. These
scenes? are sometimes necessary from the
standpoint of stage management, neces
sary to get the main characters ready
for a following scene, but Shakespeare
never introduces a scene for this effect
alone. Whatever character may appear
is treated as if he were the principal
character of the play and for a moment
he is a marked individuality for whom
the dramatist finds a place in the de
velopment of plot and in the movement of
the play. Generally in these scenes we
are made aware of the peneral world out
side of the characters in whom the P'«av
centers. No action can be so tragical,
no deed so heroic, no humor so intense,
no pathos so severe, as to be cut off from
the world at large. The lau^h of a clown,
the serious prophecy of a citizen,
the honest loyalty of a servant, suddenly
reveal to us a broader humanity.
It Is interesting to make a comparison
between Shakespeare and his contem
poraries In their use of these brief minor
scenes. Suitice It to say that such
scenes of which I shall speak and the ef
fects produced by them are peculiar to
Shakespeare. The only play of Mar
lowe's that has the scenes in which
subordinate characters alone appear ia
that of "Doctor Faustus," in which the
clowns and devils are totally out of har
mony with the play as a whole. The au
thor* has attempted to produce the effect
that comes from the blending of comedy
and tragedy, but so ill has he succeeded
that some of hia admirers have contended
that the humorous (?) scenes do not be
long to Marlowe, but to an inferior play
wriRht, who manufactured them for the
groundlings. Whether thts be true or not.
one feels the great gulf between such
scenes and those of the clowns in "Ham
let" and the porter In "Macbeth." Again,
if one compares Marlowe's "Edward IT"
¦with Shakespeare's "Richard II" or
"Richard III," or the "Henrys." he will
see what a fine effect la produced by the
Introduction Into historical plays In which
kings and nobles take parts those minor
scenes where murderers and gardeners
and shallow wits play their part. Better
still, let him compare the "Sejanus" or
"Catiline" of Ben Jonson with "Corto
lanus." In the former we have»the state
ly speech of the Roman nobles, but how
outeide of the world of real life they seem,
when we compare those short scenes in
which citizens talk and officers and ser
vants are Introduced. Not that this Is
the only difference between the plays of
Marlowe or Jonson and Shakespeare, but
they serve to Illustrate the greater mas
tery of human nature that Shakespeare
had— his more thorough prasp of all the
possibilities that lay within the new
drama. If we may use a comparison that
has been so often used before, wo find
in Shakespeare the Gothic structure, as
compared with the classic models of an
tiquity—and In such a structure the
scenes that we shall consider- furnish
some grotesque bit. some airy frieze,
some dim recess— all adding their effects
to the general structure.
THIRTY SH/\K1ESF»EMRE EVENINGS.
telling of a certain rumor that Is In th«
air and prophesying of to-morrow's bai
t!»\ when suddenly they hear the sounds
of music.
Fourth Soldier, reacel What noise.
First Soldier. List: List',
s-eeor.d Holrlier. Hark!
First Soldier. Music in the air.
Third Soidier. Under the earth.
.Fourth Soldier. It signs well, dees it not?
Third Soldier. No.
First Soldier. Peace. I say! What should
this mean?
Second Soldier. 'T!s the god Hercules, whom
Antony loved, now leave,? him.
This is all that Shakespeare has of tha
many things that p;u:arcn says about tha
relation of Ante: ) ar,d Hercules. Yes.
Hercules has lefi liim. He wins a tem
porary victory the next day, but on \bm
following day bis courage falls him and
he goes to his doom. It is in all in liiu
forceful words of the second soldier.
Coleridge, after rejecting the porter
scene in "Maebetn." says that tnere is an
entire absence of comedy, "the play be
ing wholly and purely tragic." It we are
right in our general contention as to the
blending of humor and pathos (no critic
has said tlner thirga on this very point
ihiin Coleridge), this would be a defect m
the plcy; the txtrtme tension of thft audi
tor or reader would be too itvere Es
pecially do W* feel the need of relief Jost
after the murder of Duncan, which is one
of the most tragic scenes ia all Shakes
peare. "We r^ach the ne plus ultra of
dramatic terror,"' Mrs. Siddons tells of
the elfcct produced on her one night wlien
she began to Btody for the character of
Lrtidy Macbeth. "1 went on with tolerable
composure in the silence of the night till
1 came to the -imagination scene, when
the horror oi the fcene rose to a degree
that made it impossible for me to go fur
ther.." Not that the scent is one of hloody
horror: Shakespeare has studiously avoid
ed that by narrating the murder of Dun
can, rather than representing It on the
stage, but the awful stillness of nature,
broken now and tnen by the scream of
the owl or the chirp oi a cricket; two
criminals, now relating the details of the
murder and now showing the reaction,
that comes with the assertion of con
science; and above all the cry that Mac
beth hears, "Sleep no more" — these reveal
a world "cut otf by the Immeasurable
gulph from the ordinary tide and succes
sion of human affairs." "We are mada
sensible that the worjd of ordinary life is
suddenly arrested— laid asleep — tranced. '
Suddenly we hear the knocking at the
crate, "and it makes known audibly that
the reaction has commenced; the human
has made it3 reflox upon the fiendish; th»
pulses of life are beginning to beat again."
It is thus that De yulncey. in one of
the finest bits of Shakespearean criti
cism. Interprets the knocking at the gate.
We feel that the knocking i3 the voice of
conscience, and so Macbeth interprets It.
"Wake Duncan with thy knockirg! I
wouldst thou couldst!" The world tn
which we hive been moving' Is suddenly
arrested, but the knocking would not be a
relief If Immediately the friends of Dun
can should be admitted and should realize
the crime that had been committed. 3:>
In the next scene the porter of the castle
comes to answer the knocking. He is,
however, no "dumb functionary"; he has
no sense of the part that he 13 playing tn
a great tragedy; he is himself a laughing.
joking 1 fellow, and the audience immedi
ately feels that he is a welcome charac
ter. "The sound of a fresh voice after
we have listened so long to that guilty
conference is a very cordial." We feel
that.lt is eminently true to the dramatic
situation that he should deliver a humor
ous spoech. As Mr. Hales says, " We
must laugh or we must die." Despite tha
coarseness of hla remarks, he takes off
the imaginary culprits in a truly comic
way. His words, however, are not irrele
vant: he Is not introduced merely to raise
a laugh. He imagines himself for a mo
ment the j-ortor-of hell gate, and he is in
a sense that he does not realize.
There are many more such short scenes
in Shakespeare's plays the importance of
which cannot be realized from a casual
reading. It Is hoped that from the few
that have boen noted some idea may be
got of the carefulness with which tha
great dramatist worked out every detail.
EDWIN' MIXI3.
Trinity College.
Copyright, 1900, by Seymour Eaten.
THE CALL'S
HOME STUDY CIRCLE
MINOR SCENES OF SHAKESPEARE'S PLAYS.
Merchants, Harbor Commissioners and Railroad Builders
Work Together to Seeure Mueh Needed Terminal
and Shipping Facilities.
LEASE OF CHINA BASIN TO
VALLEY ROAD CONSUMMATED
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, NOVEMBER 22, "WOO.
XII.
7
AMUSEMENTS.
(Wake U1p)
THIS AFTERNOON
At I o'clock sharp.
SECOND ANNTAL BENEFIT In Aid of
CHARITY FUND
OF" THE
ASSOCIATED
THEATRICAL
MANAGERS
AT THE ORPHEUM.
Attractions From EVERT THEATER!
CONTINUOUS PERFORMANCE!
MOROCCO'S— Walter Damrosch, David Blsp-
ham, Hx>sa Olitzka and other artists from th.
Maurice Grau Grand Opera Company.
COLUMBIA — Frank Daniels and leading
members of his company.
TIVOLI— Brtpht bits from "The Jollr Mus-
keteer" ar.d CoUamartnl. Russo and Caetellano.
CALIFORNIA— The Royal Marine Band of
Italy.
ALHAUT.RA— McCot Plsters and Ram M*r-
lon from Ho>t'« "A Btraarer In New York."
OP. PHEVM- The principal .tars of th. bill.
ALC42AR-Act irom "Th. Railroad ot
Lcve."
CHUTES— An acrobatic noTelty.
CLYMPIA— An up-to-dat* TaudevU!. feature.
PRICES (for Reserved 6*at~>— Entire Ground
Floor. Including Box Beata. IS; Balcony IL
DOORS OPEN AT NOON.
A NEW COMPANY OF UP-TO-
DATB VAUDEVILLE STARS.
MAX WELDO2T, STELXING AND
BEVZLLE, CONDITT AND
MOBEY, BEOTHEBS MABTINE,
IONE MACLOTJTH,
AJCJCA BOTI>. MR. «.n<5 MRP. DAN HTATT.
DOLAN AND LENHABB, W. J.
HYNES.
Reserved Beata. Sfc; Balooay, 10c: Opera
Chairs and Bex Eeau. C9c
Matinees Wedsesd&r, Saturday asd Sunday.
TO-MORROW, FRIDAY,
"Billy" Hynes' Night.
MOBOSCO'S GKAND OPERA-HOUSE.
MAURICE GRAU OPERA CO.*
To-nlghtatS/'RoraeoetJnliette"
M»Ib». Br:a<»we:i, Baue-rmeleter: Ed. de Reszke
rianeon. Bfins Pires. GlUbert and Raleza.
Conductor, S'.e. Mancinelli.
To-mcrroir Night at P, "GLI UGONOTTT*
The Hapuenats)— Nordica, Olltzka, Bauermels-
ter, Van Cautenen aiid Suzanne Ad&jns; Dippel.
riancon. Sootti. Bars and Ed de Reszke. Con-
ductor, M. Floa.
Saturday Marine* at I. "LOHENGRIN"—
Oacs-kl end Srhumar.n-Helnk; Van Dyck. Bisp-
iMirn^ Pufriche. and Blass. Conductor, Mr. Wal-
t-r Damrosch.
Saturday Evenlne at S, ••FATJST"— Meibs,
Bauermeister and Homer; Saleza, Campanarl,
Viriani aM Ed. fie Retzke. Conductor, Big.
Mandarill.
EUIfDAY EVZ5IK0 at 8— 2d Gr*rd P«ynlar Kight.
•TAXKHArEOt."
Pusan Ftronr. Olitzka. Marj-lli. Dippel. Muhl-
rr.sir.n. Bars, Hubbecet, Gilibert, Vivtaal and
t'iar.con.
Orchestra. tS; Dress Circle. J2 B0; Family
Crrle, J2; Gallery, Jl. General Admission. Jl.
INE.XT WE me.
DER RING DES NIBELUNGEN,
("Werner).
Monday et §:30. "DAS ItHferXGOLrr*— Sasaa
Ftron*-. MarylH. Pchpff, Olitzka and Schumann-
iielnk; Van Dyck, Blepham. Munlznann, Elacs,
Journet. Dufrlche. Han>, Hubbenet.
TuAfday at ~:iZ. -'ME WA.LKUKRE"—
Oadskl. Echumar.n-Helnk. Scheff. Olitzka,
Msrylll, E*ml, Ba-uerm^iFter. Van Ciuteren,
V.ridewe-Il ar.d Nordica; Van Dyck, Blase and
Blepfcem.
\V«w«n<*iay. at 7:45. "SIEiG FRIED"— Fehu-
n.aun-H»>!r.k. Pcheff and Ncrdlca: Dippel, Blsp-
ham, BI&ff. Hubbenet and HA. de Reszke.
(Conductor for all "RIXG" Performances,
Mr. Walter Damrosch..)
TturFfiay. November 2a, at ?:la tby request),
"LA nOHEME"-Melba, Scheff. Saleza. GUl-
V*rt. Journet. Dufrlch*. M&5l<*ro and Campa-
rari. Conductor. Pis. Mancinelli.
Friday, st 7:y*---GOTTERllAUMMEKrXG"
— LMpp* 1 !. Muhlmann ar.d Kd d* Reyzke; Susan
Strong, Sc5iur.iann-He:nk. Frhpff. Bridewell and
N-wSira. Conductor. Mr. Walter Damropch.
READY TO-DAY FOR ALL PER-
FORMANCES.
Prices, J2 to J". Branch ticket office, Em-
WEBER PIANO USED.
COLUMBIA *S^s
LAST FOUR NIGHTF!
MATirCCE FATURDAT.
FRANK DANIELS
An3 RIi Er>n<!Jd Company. !n
VICTOR HERBERTS LATEST' SUCCESS
*'TTI-UE AMEER."
NEXT MONDAY EVENING
FRANK L. PERLET Will Present
...ALICE NIELSEN...
And THE ALICE NIKLFEN OPERA CO. la
"THC SINGING GIRL."
By VICTOR HERBERT. HARRY B. SMITH
arvi PTAMSLAfS KTANGE.
PEATS NOW OX SALE.
THE 6ASSASSENFRAPSA IS ALL RIGHT!!
ANOTHER CROWDED HOUSE LAST
NIGHT.
And Thf Opinion of All Is:
THE GREATEST flTCESS EVER KNOWN
Fop Superb Comic Opera,
"A JOLLY MUSKETEER"
First production In this city.
Written and Composed by Ptanfre & Edwards.
BIG DOUBLE COMPANY!
POWERKl'L CHORUS!
MANY. OLD FAVORITES and NEW FACES!
Evenings at 8. Mat!ne<» Saturday at 2.
POPULAR PRICE? 25c and 50e
TelepJfbr.e Bush 9.
TO-NIGHT. EAGLES' NIGHT.
7n» Order of Eaglet Will Attend in a Body the
ROYAL MARINE BAND OF ITALY.
PROGRAMME— 1. March. "Flajr of Victory"
(Yon Blont. 2. Overture, '•William Tell" <Ros-
t.v.U. 3. Harp solo, eelected. t-'Ignor Setaro.
i Conrprtofor clarionet. "Ponnambula" (Caval-
l!nl). E'.gnw Uecimo. 5. "II Trovatore." selec-
tion ry«*rdi) solos by Slpnori Dl Glrolamo.
• •n-atore and Xm Titta. II— 6. March. "Eaeles
Fhjrfct" «'" v r«»ator*'). dedicated to Aerie No. 5,
R. F. 7. Tem«r ko1«, selected, Firnor Glanninl.
¦ 1 "OM Kentucky Home," variation* (Dalbey).
9. "I I'uritanl," art I fRpllin!). solo* by Sl«r-
norl TiivHr.l and Creator*.
Comtnencinir Next Sunday Afternoon. "Should
r '\<i Acquaintance Be FonrotT' HAVF.RLVS
•MASTODON MINSTRELS, with GEORGH
'"Walt* Me Acain") WILSON end the BifcttPFt
Bunch Ever. I'sual Tcpular Price*— 75c. &0c tic.
AIF KLLINGHOITEE Prop, and Manager
PHONE SOUTH Ti*
Breaking All Past Records!
IIOTTS— FINE AND DANDY
"A STRANGER IN NEW YORK."
Headed by the MeCOY EIETERS and SAM
MARION.
And a Company of Comedian* That Are Funny,
With Girl* That Are Pretty and Who
Can Dan'-e and Sine.
EVERY EVENING THIS WEEK.
MATINEE SATURDAY.
Eveninr— 15c. r.V. 25c, 50c and 75c Matinee—
lie, 25c. SIiC and 60c.
Next Sunday Afternoon— HERRMANN, tha
Great, accompanied by the Musical Wonders,
XY.m 6— NOEFES— 5. NEVER BEFORE AT OUR
f'f'VLAR PRICES.
Weekly Call, $1 per Year
PATTOSIEN'S.
THIS NEW STYLE SMOKELESS
«rtg% vn\\ keen your COLD
jgZr\. ROOM comfortably
/^Q \ warm for Bo a day — the
Z^ffCkK-^ l price of a cigar. It will
wJ^WrtsJ "* delivered free to any
4232222SP address in city or coun-
ty In California on re-
Sceipt of $5.00 on approv-
al, to be returned at our
expense if not entirely
satisfactory.
It Cannot Smoke.
It is Absolutely Odor-
IfiSSi
We have other
styles.
Write for Cata-
$5.00. lo & uc '
PATTOSIEN'S,
FURNITURE EXPOSITION BUILJ3ING.
Sixteenth and Mission Streets.
?
| II Natural Mineral Water !
4 |5.y\ known fer c«nturies and 4
0 i-^tCT. imported p
j I /£$lpcfc\ ONLY IN BOTTLES. J
o '-£%S%h For disordered Stomach ?
I ? tU&F^&M * nd °
! 2 i^t.v -¦ JtH Its Tal «» h«» been test!, o
i 0 TO*&Btt3s£ n ° d t0 fc y thousand*. 4
J J^jjY So-called Vichy in Sy. 9
0 IS NOT VICHY - ?
? ra^KB : Got the Genuin©. 2
9 K&-*£&S- Tour phyelclan O
O *'-ViS. : fijfr^ wUI recommend It. >
° Bgeagfeflfigf A ?""tier p<«mn<u. ff « r .* °
MoiiX &
CI?an,don
The Largest and Oldest Champagne Housa in
' the World.
White Seal (Grande Cuvee). of ex-
ceptional bouquet and dry dryness.
— Court Journal.
WILLIAM WOLFF &. CO.,
Pacific Coast Agents. 328 Ktrkit BL, 0. F.
After-Theater Refreshments.
The completeness of the arrangements
made for your entertainment In the Sup-
per Rocm can bo estimated when it !»
known that the attributes responsible for
the popularity of the Grill Rooms are in
evidence here. Delightful music, prompt
cervice, moderate charges. Open every
evening (Sunday* exempted) from 9:20 to
12 o'clock. Entrance from the court and
rr.z'.n office.
Palace Hotel Supper Room.
TONO F»O CHY.
t Successor to Dr. LAI PO TAI
irraduaw of Canton Medical
College, after a very success-
ful practice of many years in
China, has located In San
Francisco. The surprising and
marvelous cures effected by
his herbs demonstrate their
pot^nce and hi? skill. These
herbs cure over 400 different
diseases, including Brlght's
Disease, Diabetes. Consump-
tion, Asthma. Paralysis, Brain
! Nerve. Cancers, Tumor?. Blood. Male and Fel
1 male Maladlen. All persons afflicted with any
kind of malady whatsoever are invited to caJl
Office, 717 Washington st. Office hours— 9 a"
m. to 12 m, 1 to 9 p. m.; Sundays, 10 a. m. to
12 m. Accept grateful thanks for effecting a
cure of asthma of several years' Ft&ndlng.
A. PARLEY. San Rafael.
AMUSEMENTS.
*» *» g to %m r\ i w\ J— . w
For Superb Comic Opera.
Altogether, a decidedly enjoyable perform- '
ance and all for the ridiculous pum of fifty
cents— a performance better than many you
will see in New York for two dollars.
Lk I>u rONT SYLE. "Call."
Augrustin Daly's Charming Comedy,
THE RAILROAD
OF LOVE...
MATIN-EXS SATURDAY ANT> Rr"N*T>A.Y.
; ' - N>it-SEVEN TWENTY EIGHT.
Of VMP//I EDDY ST..
THE ONLY FREE VAITDEVILX.E SHOW IN
THE CITY.
MABEL HUDSON,
One of America's Greatest Song; Birds.
HANLON AND SINGER,
Roman Ring Artiste Without Equal
AMT> OUB CELEBRATED STOCK
' COMPANY.
[ MATINEE EVERY SUNDAY.
AMATEUR NIGHT EVERY FRIDAY.
CHUTES/nd ZOO
EVERY AFTERNOON AND EVENING.
TO-NIGHT I TO-NIGHT I
....THE AMATLURS.,..
IN
SPECIALTIES
<* .-¦¦¦
AND
A FAT LADIES^_TUG-3F-WAR!
Telephone for Eeats. Park 23.
THE SAN FRANCISCO JOCKEY CLUB,
TANFOKAN PARK.
Initial meeting Monday. Nov. 19, to Saturdar,
Dec. 1. Inclusive. Six or more racea each week
day. Six stake events, one hurdle race and
two «teeplecha£es first two weeks. First race
of the day at 2:10 p. m. Trains leave Third
and Towntend BtreetB for Tanforan Park at 7,
10:4m. 11:30 a. m., 1, !:.'« and 2 p. in., followed
after the laist race, at intervals of & few min-
utes, by eeveral Fp*clals. R?«r cars re»;rve»".
Xor ladles and their escorts. Admission ta t'^e
course, including railroad fare, Ji.25.
D. LYNCH FRINGL.E. Secretary.
RALPH H. TOZER. Racing Secretary.
UTCpiJpR'C CONCERT HOUSE,
rlbl/nfcn O AdmlMio* 10;.
Olive Vail and Frank Tully: Irene FrankJyn;
Ouharna. the Jap: Harry H. Walton; Helen
Etuart and Claire Fex.
RESERVED SEATS 25c. MATUCEE SUNDAY.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
More than 17 per cent of the waiters in
Germany and 21 per cent of the waitresses
receive no wages at all, being expected to
subsist on fees. !0*SilISIldti
[~Fup j
A special sale of. beautiful
river- mink fur capes, like cut
above—
An exceptionally stylish gar-
ment. eleRantly lined with fine
heavy satin.
14-inch SI r».OO
16-lnch 817.50
.BALTIC SEAL FU3 GAPES-
Baltic sear looks and wears
like sealskin. The top collar
is of Russian mink— a good
"¦ cape for winter wear— satin
lined — two heads and four
tails.
14-Inch &7.KO
16-inch .......... .$$.50 -
18-lnch ...... SI (KM)
FREE— Our Autumn Fashion
. Book Is ready. Free for . the
asking.
I INCORPORATED
THE CHANGE^ OF LIFE
Is the most important period tn a wo-
man's existence. • Owingr to modern
methods of living, not one woman in
a thousand approaches this perfect'y
natural change without experiencing
a train of very annoying and some-
times painful symptoms.
Those dreadful hot flashes, sending
the blood surging 1 to the heart until it
seems ready to burst, and the faint
feeling 1 that follows, sometimes with
chills, as if the heart were going to
stop for good, are symptoms of a dan-
gerous, nervous trouble. Those 'hot
flashes are just so many calls from
nature for help. The nerves axe «ry-
/
Vbs. .Tetcte Kobu.
ing out for assistance. The cry should
be heeded in time. Lydia E. Piak-
ham's Vegetable Compound was pre-
pared to meet the needs of woman's
system at this trying period of her life.
It builds up the weakened nervous
system, and enables a woman to pass
that grand change triumphantly.
"I was a very sick woman, caused
by Change- of Life. I suffered with hot
flushes, and fainting spells. I was
afraid to go on the street, my head
and back troubled me so. I was en-
tirely cured by Lydia E. Pinkharn's
Vegetable Compound." — Mrs. Jennie
Noble, 5010 Kejsrr St., Germantown,
Pa.
Christmas
Eye-Glasses
Purchased from us will be exchanged to lit
after the holiday*, free of charge.
Oculists" prescriptions filled. Factory om
premises. Quick repairing. Phone, Mam 10.
nDTIflAN^^* !^?ipMlC APPARATUS
64Z Market 5t. instruments
UHOM CHRONiui ByttotN&. Catalogue Fru.There was nothing new on the morning ses
sion of the Bond Exchange, business being
quiet. The afternoon was equally featureless
There was little change in the oil stocks ' "
The Consolidated Imperial Mining Company
has levied en assessment of lc.
THE STOCK MARKET.
Thls.lJ especially true of holders in the
country. In fact the latter are firmer. If . any
thing, regardless of the failures referred to as
local In their character. The goods market has
shown some Improvement and the outlook Is
The developments of the past week or ten
days have not been of the kind calculated to
impart much snap or activity to the wool mar
ket. The failures of W. L. Strong & Co the
Stott Woolen Mills and Fred Hartley ."have
naturally resulted in creating a certain amount
01 depression and a lull In business, and yet
there has been a fair trade In progress the
rales of the past week aggregating nearly
3,500,000 pounds. ' There is no general weakness
in the market and the sales which have been
made this week so far as can be learned have
been made at substantially the same prices
as were current a week ago.
BOSTON, Nov. 21.— The American Wool and
Cotton Reporter will say of the wool trade to
morrow:
LIVERPOOL.
Wheat— .j ."" Dee, Feb. Mar
Opening 5 11%
Closing 6 114
PARIS.
Wheat— . Nov. Mar.-June
Opening _ 20 10 21 60
Closing 20 10 21 60
Flour-
Opening 26 10 27 60
Closing 26 10 27 60
Boston Wool Market.
rallies on ehort covering. But last prices were
near to the lowest, except In the stocks, that
bad been especially ftrong. The grangers were
foremost in this lint. Ft. Patil leading with an
edvanoe of 34. The Atdhlson common was
very heavily bought at an advance of 2*4.
The Northern Pacific stocks were naturally
prominent in the reactionary tendency after
yesterday's notable advance, and Pennsylvania
v.-aa also quite weak.
The demonstrative publication of *> bullish
NEW TORK, Nov. 21.— To-day" s stock mar
ket represented nothing more than the routine
progress of a speculative boom. There was a
continuance of a large and well-distributed de
mand for stocks and there was very heavy
eelllr.g to take profits. The result was the
e&me irregularity In price movement which ha*
been more or less the rule ever since the pres
eM speculative turn began. The profit-taking
to-day Bomewhat ovM-bore the new buying, or
at all event*, the selling movement showed its
greatest force toward the close of the session.
1-0 that the f^ntimentaJ effect on to-day's mar-
Let was or. th« tide of reaction to a greater ex
tent than on any previous day.
The first hour of the market was furiously
active and remarkably steady, the demand be
ing fed eo freely as to preclude any sensational
advance*. Hut as an impression began to be
made on prie**, the selling pressure was re
laxed, showing the carerul nursing process of
the powerful speculative leaders, who are at
the head of the present movement. Buying waa
then diverted to new points, and under cover
cf the notable advance thus achieved, the real-
Ixlng was resumed. The day closed with the
market somewhat overwhelmed with the vol
ume of rwUizing. although there was some final
New York Stock Market.
EASTERN MARKETS.
On the Produce Exchange to-day the butter
market was weak; creameries, 15®254c; dairies,
irM-<^22c Cheese, firm, 10®llVic. Eggs, steady;
fresh, 22c.
Articles— Receipts. Shipments.
Flour, barrels 33,000 18.000
Wheat, bushels 205,000 1OS.00O
Corn, bushels 64K.000 143 000
Oats, bushels ,214,000 153,000
Rye bushels 4,000 1,000
Earley, bushels 86,000 16,000
Cash quotations were as follows: Flour,
easy: No. 3. spring wheat, 66®724c; No. 2 red,
TKy 734c; No. 2 yellow corn, 42»ic; No. 2 oats,
22Hc; No. 2 white, 25US264C; No. 3 white. 24ft®
2M*e; No. 2 rye. 484c; fair to choice malting
barley, 64®S9c; No. 1 ftaxseed, J1604:No. 1
Northwestern. $1 63; prime timothy seed. $4 25;
mess pork, per barrel. $10 874@H; lard, per 100
pounds, $7 15; short-rib sides (loose), $7 25@7 75;
dry salted shoulders (boxed), $5 874@6 124;
short clear sides (boxed), $6 90@7; whisky, basis
of high wines. $1 27; sugars, unchanged; clover,
contract grade, $10.
Emanuel Mansbach to John A. Lennon. lot
on N line of Eddy street, 171:104 E of. Qough,
E 34:4H by N 120; $10.
David Davis to Rachel Davis, lot on 8 line
of Fulton street. 110 E of Laguna, E 27:6 by
S 120; gtft.
William H. Doane to Jeanette S. Jonea (wife
of John E., formerly Doane). lot on N line of
Grove street. 200 E of Broderlck, B 25 by N
137:6; $10.
Samuel H. and Mary E. Brown (by Daniel C.
Deasy, commissioner) to Mission Home and
Loan Association, lot on E line of Treat avenue.
33 S of Twenty-second street, S 30 by E 122:6;
J2S50.
Hlbernla Savings and Loan Society to Daniel
Keefe. lot on W line of Potrero avenue. 20
N of Twenty-third street. X 25 by W 100: J350.
Sallle Wilson to Walter W. Wilson, lot on
W line of Codman place, 117:6 S of Washington
street, S 20 by W 60; gift.
Sarah D. Williams to George 'VT. McKeand.
lot on S line of Pine etreet. 112:8 E of Hyde,
E 25 by S 137:6; S3.
George W. McKeand to Henry O. Williams,
same; $5.
Henry O. Williams to Charles W. Stone,
same; grant.
Robert T. Peel to Margaret J. Morffew (wlfx
of Thomas), lot on NW line of Folsom street.
3S5 NE of Second. NE 75 by NW 75: also lot
on NW line of Folsom street. 137:6 NE of
First, NE 20 byNW SO; also lots 1. 2 and 16
to 24. block S46. South San Francisco Home
stead and Railroad Association; gift.
Mary E. Dunn to Emporium and Golden Rule
Bazaar (a corporation), lot on SE line of Jes
sie street. 4S7:6 SW of Fourth, SW 23 by SE
¦JO; ?400O.
Thomas L. and Philippine M. Henderson to
Patrick J. Land, lot on SW line of Mary street,
40 NW of Natoma. NW 40 by SW 76:2; J10.
Jennie B. Greenwood to Monroe Greenwood
Estate Company, lot on N line of California
street, 57:94 E of Fifth avenue. E 80:3. N
83:11%, W 50. S S8:ll>i: also lot on E line of
Fifth avenue. 300 S of Lake street. S S5 by E
120; n<>.
Homer S. and Mlttle B. King and Wells.
Fargo & Co. to Flora Konlgsteln (wife of
Gabor), lot on W line of Sixth avenue 140
S of California street. S 20 by W 120; 11750.
Augustine W. Loftus to Charles Conklln lot
on W line of Forty-third avenue, 260 S of A
etreet. S 70. W 157:9. NE 71:6. E 140:4; also lot
on W line of Mission street, 23:9 S of Fifteenth
S 36:3. W 107* N GO. E 20. S 23:9. E 87; also lot
on E line of Valencia street. 123 S of Fifteenth
S 32 by E 100; also lot 32. block 52, lot 32 block
49, City Land Association; $123.
Alameda County.
Emma R. Clausen to Huldah M. A. Clausen,
lot on N line of Thirty-second street 103-3 F
of Chestnut. E 23 by N 1C0. being the E 25 feet
of lot 1. block 673. Watts Tract, Oakland- also
lot on W line of Mllvla street. 233 N of Cedar
N 25 by W 130, portion of block 6. Graves and
Taylor Tract. Berkeley: $10. a
Mountain View Cemetery Association to es
tate of Henri F. Wlndel. lot 223 in plat 36
Mountain View Cemetery, Oakland Township-
Mary E. and G. G. Wlckson to Frank L.
Naylor. lot on SE corner of Durant avenue
and Fulton street, E W by S SO. portion nf*lot
1. block 13, map of property of College Home
stfnd Association. Berkeley; $100.
Same to A. W. Naylor, lot on E line of Ful
ton street, 80 S of Durant avenue, S 50 ty E
1C0. portion of lot 1, block 13, map of property
of same; $100.
H. N. and Mary B. Tatea to W. J. Tales,
lot on E line of Mark street, 240 S of Dwlght
way. S 60 by E 135, portion of lot 6, block 1,
map of property of John Kearney, Berkeley
$10. .
Lewis C. and Lizzie J. Snyder to Philip B.
Hughes. , lot on N line of Forty-first street.
133.37 E of San Pablo avenue, E 34 by N 15J,
REAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS,
San Francisco and vicinity— Temporarily fair
Thursday, with cloudy weather and occa*ionKl
ehowers at night; light westerly, changing to
f>outhcrly winds.
ALEXANDER G. McADIE.
Forecast Official.
Arizona, — Snow la northern portion. r»ln in
cithern portion Thursday; high southerly
winds.
Northern California — Cloudy, unsettled
r-eather Thursday, with heavy rain In the
¦outhern portion; fresh westerly winds.
Southern California — Heavy rain Thursday,
with high southerly winds.
Nevada— Ruin or enow Thursday; high
southerly winds.
Utah— Rain or enow Thursday; high north T
e&st winds.
The following maximum wind velocities are
reported: Winnemucca, C6 miles per hour from
the eouth; Eacran-.ento, 43 from the southwest;
It^dependence. 36 from the southeast; San Luis
Obicpo. 2S from the south.
Forecast made at San Francisco for thirty
hcurs ending midnight. November 21, 1300:
The temi*rature has risen slowly over Ne
vada arid Northern California. Over the north
ern half of the Pacific Elope the temperatures
are from S to li decrees below the normal.
Kaln has fallen ever Central and Southern
Cfcliforr.la and heavy enow in the mountains.
At San Luis Oblspo there has been a rainfall
of 3. Sti inches.
The pressure has risen rapidly during th»
past twelve hours over Northern California.
Oregon and Nevada. It has fallen slightly
ever Northern Washington ar.d another storm
center is developing over Vancouver Island.
This will probably pass rapidly eastward. The
storm over California Is moving rapidly east
ward over the Sierra.
FORECAST.
San Francisco data: Maximum temperature,
60; minimum. IS; mean. H.
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
Articles— Open. High. Low. Close.
Wheat No. t—
November 70V4 71?4 7(^4 71«4
December 70?» 71Vi 70H 7lVj,
January 71%, 72% 71Vi 72U
Corn No. 2—
November Mt, 45 41^4 45
December 35^ 36 2514 35%
36 * 3 - W 35 *- 36^
November 21% 21% 21H 21%
December 21T4 22 21*i 21ft
May 24 24 23?» U
Mess Pork, per barrel —
November . . 11 00
January 1180 1185 1177% 1182^4
May 1175 11774 1175 11 77 > i
Lard, per 100 pounds—
November 7 20 7 20 7 15 7 15
December 7 00 7 024 7 00 7 02»4
January 6 90 8 60 « 87V4 6 874
May 6 824 6 924 6 90 6 90
Short Ribs, per 100 pounds —
November .... 7 70
January 6 32H 6 35 6 80 6 32%
Kay 6 35 8 374 6 324 6 35
CHICAGO. Nov. 21.--Thoush opening frac
tionally lower ¦wheat did not show any par
ticular weakness during- the first few minutes'
trading in spite of the Improved weather con
ditions, firm cables sustaining prices. There
was. however, an almost total absence of buy
ing orders. December opened He lower at
"0}i(g'70"4c. It sold for a moment at 71. then
dropped to "O^c, but at that point covering
by shcrts was started, the demand continuing
until the price had advanced to 71*-*c. The
close was firm at 7194S71V4C.
The corn pit waa full all day. Prices were
firm at the opening notwithstanding the favor
able weather, which gave rise of hopes of
freer country movement. The crowd evidently
thought well of the prospects and became free
sellers of both May and December. In the
meantime November, which showed an open-
Ing advance of lc, had declined to •U't, '^c
above yesterday's closing price. From that
point it advanced He at a time under bidding
by scared shorts until 45c had been reached.
December, too, turned upward, shorts betnar
driven In by buying by the Interests controlling
the November deal and during the latter part
of the session the market showed *rmt
strength. November closed at 45c, an advance
of 3»ic.
Oats were extremely dull all day. Decem
ber closed a shade lower at 21*;<S21T4c.
Provisions were dull, but steady. Thers was
a good cash demand. At the close January
pork waa 7'.4c higher, lard unchanged and ribs
a *hadr> higher.
The leading futures ranged as follows:
Chicago Grain Market.
portlon of lots 10 and 11, on map of H. C.
Dohr's Homestead. Oakland Township; S±0.
Lulu L. Maddux to Lottie Rothm&n. lots t
and 3 on map of Elmhurst Park, Brooklyn
Township; $400.
H. C. Morris to Miss D. Swectland. lots 11
and 11. block 6. Warner tract. Brooklyn Town
ship; $10.
Ellis and Emellne M. Powell. Lak» View an<3
Sunnyslde Improvement Company, Connor an i
Perry Trust and Improvement Company, b" W
S. Harlow, commissioner, to Oakland Bar* o!
Savlnsrs. lot 2 and NE 5 feet of lot 3. block 2,
Eden Park. -Brooklyn Township: SZOCO.
Central Pacinc Railroad Company to « lar
lotte and John F. Frodsham, lot on E U?j of
Harrison avenue. 299.40 S from S line of cfmty
road. Oakland to San Lean.lro, S 50 by 1/ 120.
beinjr lot 14. block C. Huntl.igton tract. Ftook
lyn Township; J623. J>
Delos Pratt and M. W. Conner, by 1~f. S.
Harlow, commissioner, to Oakland Ba5k of
Savings, lot 6, block 1, revlced map Eden *?ark,
Brooklyn Township; $1100.
Thomas R. O'Connor to James H. Youn'ir. lot
on N'E line of Brigrars aver je. 500 SE of Hig!i
street. SE 60 by XE 2C3. t-elns lot 12. nr»p uf
the Brlggs tract, subject tc deed of trust, Ala
meda; $10.
EVAPORATED APPLES— The market for
evaporated apples displayed considerable
strength to-day on light receipts, but was not
particularly active, closing the day with yes
terday's prices current. State, common, were
qur>t«<l at from 4c to 5c; prime, 4?iSaV*c; choice,
&V,:<S6c; fancy, 6@6%c.
California dried fruits were Inactive.
PRUNES— 3%®8%c per pound, as to size and
ql APRICOTS- Royal. ll@14c: Moorpark. 15®16c.
PEACHES— Peeled. 16620c; unpeeled, 6@3c
DRIED FRUIT.
NEW YORK. Nov. 21.— FLOUR— Receipts.
22,933 barrels: exports, 7033 packages. Fairly
active and firm. Higher prices were asked on
eome rrades.
WHEAT— Receipts, 19,200 bushels; exports,
82,100 bushels. Spot— Strong; No. 2, 7S%c f. o.
b. afloat: No. 2 red, 77Vic elevator. Options-
Were well sustained all day. .although within
a narrow range end without much activity.
Futures — Closed firm. %@}*c net higher. March
closed S0 T ic, May closed SO, December closed
77fte.
HOPS-Steady.
HIDES— Firm.
WOOLr-Qulet.
COFFEE- Spot— Rio. Xo. 7 Invoice, steady;
mild, quiet; Cordova, 9V4<5713%c. Futures —
Closed barely steady, 15 to 20 points net lower.
Total sales. 2S.750 bags, including: December,
$6 Sl!<g6 SS-; March. $6 50^6 55: July. S6 70Q6 75.
SUGAR— Raw. firm: refined, steady.
Butter, Cheese and, Eggs.
Butter and Eggs continue to advance under
diminished supplies, and the demand for . both
Is brisk. Cheese rules firm.
Retailers • have now used up most of their
Game was in brisk demand and firm, and
though arrivals were free they went off read
ily.
Poultry continued to drag more or less,
though quotations showed no change worthy of
note. Eastern sold at $4<S6 for Ducks, $2 for
Geese, $4@4 50 for Hens, $4 50@5 for young
Roosters, $4 50 for old do, $3 for largo broilers
and *2 50 -for email do. Two cars Eastern
came In.
POULTRY— Live Turkeys. 13©14c for Gob
blers and 13@Uc for Hens; Dressed Turkeys,
14fll7c; Geeee, per pair, $1 76@2; Goslings,
$1 75(32; Ducks. $3®4 for old and J4gj for
young; Hens, S3 50@4 £0; Young Roosters.
*44(4 £0; Old Roosters, 53 50^4; Fryers, $3 50@4;
Broilers, $3 C0@4 for large and »3 25@3 50 for
email: Pigeons. $1 per dozen for old and $1 50®
1 75 for Squabs.
GAME— Quail, $1 SCS'l 50 for Valley and $2<g>
2 50 for Mountain; Mallard, $305; Canvasback,
$4®7; Sprig. »3@t 50; Teal, $2 50@2 75; Widgeon,
SI 50; Small Duck, $1 25<gl 50; Gray Geesn, $3;
White Geese. SI 25®1 50; Brant. $1 50 for small
and $2 for largo; English Snipe. SI 23gil 50;
Jack Snipe, Si; Hare, Jl 25; Rabbits, SI 2.jiS'l 50
for cottontail and $1 for brush; Doves, G0@6.">c
per dozen.
Poultry and Game.
Onions are hardly as firm as they have been.
Potatoes are unchanged. Vegetables are In
light supply, owing to. the recent storm.
I'OTATOES— River Reds, 7(Kg'S0c; Burbanks,
25ff50o for River and S5c@$l 15 per ctl for
Salinas and 60(ff90c for Oregon: Sweets, 40@50c
for River and 85©90c for Merced.
ONIONS— $1 25&1 40 per ctl; Pickle Onions, 40
©50c Der sack.
VEGETABLES— Green Peas, 3#Gc per lb;
String Beans, 3@6c; Llmas. 405c per lb; Cab
bage. 90c; Tomatoes, 5nc(f?:}l 25; Epjr Plant,
60i&75c per box; Los Angeles do, S@10c per lb;
Green Peppers, 35®50c per box; Dried Peppers,
K<&15c; Carrots. 2503jC per sack; Summer
Squash. SI 25#1 50 per box for Los Angeles:
Cucumbers, 75c for Alameda; Garlic, 4Q5c per
lb; Marrowfat Squash. $7@10 per ton.
Beans continue firm, with a good demand.
Other descriptions are unchanged.
BEANS— Bayos, $2 65^2 75; Small White, »3 30
(84 05; Large White, $393 25; Pink. $202 15;
Red. J3fi3 26: Blackeye, $2 90®3: Lima. $3 20©
& 25; Pea, $434 25; Red Kidney. $3 7501.
SF.EDS— Brown Mustard, nominal; Yellow
Mustard, nominal; Flax. $2 25®2 40; Canary.
3"/.c p?r lb for California and 4c for Eastern;
Alfalfa. 7%$<>%c; Rape. 2H£3c; Hemp, 4SlMiC:
Timothy, 4'o4We. Ll~~l
DRIED PEAS— N'lles, $2®2 50; Green. *2 2»Q>
2 7& per ctl; Blackeye. $2<g2 60.
Potatoes. Onions and Vegetables.
There li no change to report In anything.
BRAN— $14@15 50 per ton.
\ MIDDLINGS— J16 60CK9 50 per ton.
FEEDSTUFFS-Rolled Barley, $15 DOif IS 50
per ton: Oilcake Meal at the mill. $25(326: Job
bing. $2G 50; Cocoanut Cake. $17t?18; Corn Meal,
J2C.tfi?7: Cracked Corn. JIS 5&?g27 60; Mixed Feed,
J1G#16 CO.
HA V— Volunteer. $5@8; Wheat, Jll®13 50;
Wheat and Oat, $10012 50; Oat. 13'tfll &0;
Clover, $5@7; Alfalfa, $6 50ig8 50; Barley, $7©
9 Der ton.
STRAW— 3&346c per bale.
Beans and Seeds.
Hay and Fcedstuffs.
MILLSTUFFS— Prices In sacks are as fol
lows, usual discount to the trade: Graham
Flour. $3 per 100 lbs; Rye Flour. $2 75: Rye
Meal. $2 50; Rice Flour. $7; C u Meal. $2 75;
extra cream do. $3 50; Oat Gro. .«. $4 60: Ilom
lny, $3 50®3 75; Buckwheat Flour, |4£?4 25;
Cracked Wheat $3 50; Farina, U 60: Whole
Wheat Flour $3 25: Rolled Oats (barrels), $6®
7 25; In sacks. $5 75@7: Pearl Earley, *5; Split
Peas, $5; Green Peas. 55 50 per 100 lbs.
FLOUR-Callfornla Family Extras, *3 60®
3 75, usual terms: Bakers' Extras, $3 40@3 DO;
Oregon and Washington. $2 75@3 10 per bbl for
family and $3 15@3 50 for bakers' ; Eastern.
*1 75(g5 7H per bbl.
Flour and Millstuffs.
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal Session— 9:15 o'clock— No sales.
Second Session— No sales.
Regular Morning Session— »No sales.
Afternoon Session— May— 2G0O ctls, 74UC: De
cember- I0CO. 73%c. ' .
OATS — The assortment is extremely limited.
Surprise and Grays are not worth quoting,
there are so few here. White and Red are
slightly higher. The demand for seed is good.
White. %\ 30?jl £0"; Surprise, nominal; Ked.
Jt 2OS1 30 for feed and $1 35@1 40 for seed: Gray,
nominal; Black, for feed. ?l 12Vi©l 10; for feed,
Jl 20ffl SO per ctl.
CORN— The market Is dull at lower quota
tions. California Yellow. $1 10S1 15; California
White. $1 \V3l 17%; Eastern Yellow. 51 20;
White, Jl 20; Kastern mixed, {1 17^4 per ctl.
RYE— 80©92Hc per ctl.
BUCKWHEAT-Quoted at ?1 75@: per ctL
Informal Session — 3:15 o'clock— May — 2000 ctls,
$1 04%.
Second Session— May— 40C0 ctl?, Jl 04U-
Regular Morning Session— May— 10,000 ctls,
SI 04H: 16.C00, $1 04%; 20,000, Jl W> 2 ; 6000. $1 04** ;
December— 10,000, 9Sc.
Afternoon Session— May — 10,000 ctls, Jl 0-1U:
December— 2C0O. 9SHc
BARLEY— The market continues dull and fea
tureless.
Feed, 7r>e for choice bright. 72H'&73*ic for Xn.
1 and 67%® 70c for off grades; Brewing and
Shipping grader. SOfflSlto: Chevalier, nominal.
CALL BOARD SALES.
WHEAT— The markets all over the world
were apathetic and not materially changed.
At Chicago the demand was slack and specu
lation small, though primary receipts were
light. Cudahy was the leading buyer. The
bears hammered the market to force liquida
tion, but with Indifferent success.
In this market futures were aguin fraction
ally firmer, but spot quotations were un
changed.
Spot Wheat— Shipping, 9TV£c; Milling, $1Q>
1 02% per ctl.
Wheat and Other Grains.
Sterling Exchange, 60 days — $4 82Vi
Sterling Exchange, eight — 4 86
Sterling Cables — 4 S7
New York Exchange, sight — 7%
Mew York Kxchange. telegraphic — 10
Fine Silver, per ounce — 64
Mexican Dollars, nominal MVi @ 61
Exchange and Bullion.
LOCAL MARKETS.
SAN FRANCISCO. Nov. 21-6 p. m.
The following are the seasonal rainfalls to
date, as compared with those of the came date
laj-t season, and rainfall in last twenty-four
hours:
Weather Report.
"Nut* continue to go out quite freely. Fll
l>erts dropj>ed to lie yesterday, and sold fairly
v.ell at tne decline. New Grenoble walnuts are
scarce, ar.fi tend higher. Some holders ask
Jl'.iC. Ain.ondi ere rather quiet."
""Evaporated tipples are strong and active,
the market yesterday tein^ firm at SUS^Vj for
prime »ood-<irie<i in carload lots, ar.d oJi^'-^ for
smaller lets. Low grcde poods are in better
derr.and. Sales cf 2^ cars of evaporated apples
vere reported yesterday at from 4*» for low
grade to t : » 'or prime.
'•Cal'-orala. raitlns continue discouraging.
There .* «oce little inquiry fcr London layers
at lower prices, but beyend a littie trade in 3
rrewn layers, no talcs of raieir.s were reported
y>-terday. Imported Valenciaa are lower.
M.i.-vi-; t e.re In c;uite active den-.a.tid from the
T^-tr^ilar trade, l-'ig's are quiet and easy, and
dates are easier, owir.g to the near approach
o: the date Tor the arrival. cf new goods, and
the large Quantity cf Hallowl on the tpot.
"Trade thorn an Improvement in some <5irec
tiens ar.d a falling cJT In others. On the whole
there Is a fair d^sr^e of activity. Demand for
prunes Is decided!)' V»etter thaa it has be*n. and
there is mere Interest In un;jee!ed California
j>eaches. j.ric?s of which ape lower to-day than
they fcave t>een In a long time. Stocks on hand
»:« quite heavy, ar.d a res.! revivc.1 of interest
will l»e most we'.ccrr.e to many dealers. Some
iemund is noted fcr apricots, which are firmly
fce!<l.
Mail advice* from New Tork say
Dried Fruit in Nezv York.
"The recent election has etamred out of the
ir.ir.ds cf the people a'l fear that any sort of
ec.verr.naental policy in any way inimical to
the Snancea or business or prosperity of the
cour.tr>' n:ay be adopted. A great factor in our
future development, which cur i>»op'ic are soon
to discover, will appear In the bulM'r.g up of
the ports cf trade en the Pacific Coast, which
¦Kill be bo t-ner.slv* and rapid in progress that
the Atlantic ports will before long begin to feel
the competition of the Western coast of our
country- Our grasp of the Philippine Islands,
end the foothold In tradff and greater share of
connd^nc^ in cur d!? : in!<?»*<*st<^iin?* I i> us r*egaj^3s
territorial encroachment which is fast gaining
In the Chistse empire, will fit;a':ly consummate
the preparations fur as grriit business ar.d i>ros-
I *>rity for the Pacinc Coast Statt-s a* have
heretofore been enjoyed by those c t the Atlan
tic Coa^t. Soon a part of the trade and com
ncm ol the Eastern States will be brought
Into competition with that of the great Pacific
Coast. Ini-omuch that it will appt-ar that in
d*f»*J *"\\ <*t-t.w &rd fci.c t t-H r c»* c*mj->irc T i±Kt*s its
the Pacific Stales that has prjUuced euch a
pronounced electoral result this November.
Our country is now passing through a rapid
gr-jwih of progress and power and prestige
¦which will socn place her In the leadership of
the r.atier.E. with ever}' means necessary for
extending civilization, enlightenment, com
merce and bitter government over the world.
In the progress of civilization since the dawn
of the Christian era, the momentous task of
leadership has devolved first upon Home, then
upon Bpala. then upon Knpland. It seem? to
i-.ave been reserved to the "Young Giar.t of the
West" to complete the tasks undertaken, and
a.'M-rr.b!« into one great oommonlty of Interest
\8Ft natiorud forces which have bovn the
erowth of centuries."
Her.ry Clews, the well-known New Tork
banker, take* the following rosy view of the
future of the Pacific Coast:
Future of the Coast.
Money— lUnion Pacinc 73
Call loans S3? 4 Union Land 3%
Time loans 4S5iWest End 92
Stocks— Wrstingh Elec .... 52%
A T &. St Fa 40 Bonds-
Do prefd S1H Atchlson 4s 100%
Amer Sugar 13;<?»iN H Gas & C 6s.. 67%
Do prefd Ill Mining Shares-
Bell Tel 157 Adventure .6
Boston & Albany.247 lAllouez Mln Co .. 2%
Boston L 157 JAmal Copper 87
Bocton & Maine ..175 Atlantic 27
Chi Bur & Q 127%|Bo*ton Sc Mont....!20
Dominion Coal 41%Butte & Boxton ... 6'iVi
Do prefd 113 |Calumet & H*cla..S30
Federal Bteel .1... 51% 'Centennial 20%
Do prefd .... 77Vi ! Franklin 15%
Fltchburg prefd ..137 .Humboldt 25
Gen Electric 16S%!o»iceola. 78
Do prefd 142 iParrott 60%
Ed Elec 111 215 jQulncy 160
Mexican Cent UH'Santa Fe Copper.. 8
Michigan Tel 85 iTamarack 299
N E Gas & Coke.. 15 Utah Mining 25
Old Colony 202 Wtnona, 4
Old Dominion 27% Wolverines 45%.
Rubber 35
BOSTON STOCKS AND BONDS.
Crown Point 6!Qulcksllver prefd.. 7 00
Con Cal & Va 1 10 Sierra Nevada 7 30
Deadwood 55 Standard 2 80
Gould & Curry -• JW| Union Con 12
Hale & Norcross.. 20'Yellow Jacket .... 18
Homestake €5 00 1 Brunswick n
Iron, Silver 1 25|
MINING STOCKS,
Do S F Deb 5s. 119 {So Ry 5s 112',;
Chicago Term 4s.. 53% .Standard R & T <s 71%
Colo So 4s 84 -Tex & Pac lsts 116%
D & R O 4s 69 Do 2<3s 82
Erie Gen 4s 74% U P 4s 106%
Ft W & D C lsts.. 77 jWabash lsts 116%
Gen Elec 6s 142 j Do 2ds 100
Iowa Cent lsts ....116 West Shore 4s ....114%
L * N Unl 4s 89*;iWls Cent lsts 87%
M K & T Ms 70% Va Centuries SITi
Do 4S 94V
interview bv the most prominent Individual
operator of the street waa mad* the occasion
lor much »>rcflt taking.
NEW YORK STOCK LIST.
Shares Closing
Bold. Etock— Bid,
Atchison «<N* I
Atchlson prefd &>3-*i i
J?a:timore & Ohio S2»g
Canadian Pacific SS^i
Canada Southern 5"
Chesaiwake & Ohio 34H
Chicago Great Western H}»
Chicago Uurlinrton & Qulncy 137Vk
Chicago Ind & Louisville 23
Chicago Ind & Louisville prefd 5614
Chicago & Eastern Illinois 9S
Chicago & Northwestern IBS
Chicago Rock Island & Pacific 115%
C C C & St Louis 66*4
Colorado Southern 71
Colorado Southern 1st prefd 43
Colorado Southern Id prefd IS
IMaware & Hudson 116H
Delaware Lackawar.na & Western. .182
Denver & Rio Grande 22 l i
Denver & Rio Grande prefd 77H
Erie 13*i
Erie 1st prefd 40
Great Northern prefd 1S2
Hocking Coal 16%
Hocking Valley .... S9
Illinois Central 125>-i
i Iowa Central U0H
Iowa Central prefd 47
L Lake Erie & Western 36H
i. Lake Erie & Western prefd 1064
Lake Shan? 210>ri
). Louisville & Nashville 62»»
:. Manhattan Elevated 115
Metropolitan Street Railway 175H
Mexican Central 13>-
Min.TPBpolis & St Louis 6»%
Minneapolis & St Louis prefd.. 101H
Mlaaotvi Pacific 60S
Mobile & Ohio 40»i !
Missouri Karssas & Texas ll'» i
Missouri Kansas & Texas prefd 37.H ''
New Jersey Central UZ\
New York OntraJ 139%.
Norfolk & Western 41^s
... Norfolk & Western prefd S1K.
— ... Northern Pacific 71 T fc
.....I.. Northern Pacific prefd S3^
........ Ontario & Western 25}»
....:.. Oregon Railway & Sav J 42
....£.. Or<»K"n Kail way & Nav prefd. ; 76
...4.. Pennsylvania » 143H
...J... Reading , 19^
...i... Reading 1st prrfd , 63 !
....;... P.eadlug 2d prtfd 31 I
¦... K10 tirar.de Western 65
....:... Illo Grande Western prefd 93
...i... St Luuis & Ban Fran 16<-4
St Louis & San Fran 1st prefd 74 i
St Louis & San Fraji 2d prefd ib\
Ft I-ouis Southwestern 14
St Louis Sauchwestern prefd ? 34 1 !
St Paul 127U
Et Paul prefd 175
St Paul & Omaha 122H
Southern Pacific 42
Southern Railway J4^
Southern Railway prefd 64H
Texas & Pacinc 19
Union Pacinc 73'.^
Union Pacinc prefd S2T»
Wabash g^i
A\ abash prefd .*.... 21 l 4
Wheeling & Lake Erie 1O«S,
¦Wheeling & I>ake Erie 2d prefd :S*.
Wisconsin Central 12^
Third Avenue m
Ex;>re£s Com:>anles—
Adams 135
American 1C2
United States 4g
Wells Fargo 131
Miscellaneous—
American Cotton Oil SU4
American Cotton Oil prefd 90
American Maltinr 4(H4
American Malting prefd 23
American Smelting & Reflnlns 61%
* American Smelting & Ref prefd.... fc6Vi
American Spirits lljj
American Spirits prefd 17
American Steel Hoop 31
American Steel Hoop prefd 77H
American Steel & Wire 60H
American Steel & Wire prefd 83» 4
American Tin Plate iZ\
American Tin Plate prefd 68
American Tobacco Ill
American Tobacco prefd 1S4
Anaconda Mining Co 61^5
Brooklyn Rapid Transit 76ij
Colorado Fuel & Iron 64 l ,»
Continental Tobacco Zlik
Continental Tobacco prefd 84
Federal Steel 61?*
Federal Steel prefd 77%
General Electric 16S
Glucose Sugar 66
Glucose Sugar prefd 102
International Paper 21^1
International Paper prefd 71
Laclede Gas 72V4
National Biscuit 33
National Biscuit prefd SO
National Lead 2<H4
National Lead prefd S4'4
National Steel 3SH
National Steel pr^fd 91%
New York Air Brake 160
North American 19%
Pacific Coast 69^
Pacific Coast let prefd S«
Pacific Coast 2d prefd 69
PacIJic Mail 45'4
People's Gas 100*»
Pressed Steel Car 53v4
Pressed Steel Car prefd 83?i
Pullman Palace Car 196
Standard Root & Twine S
Sugar 134"ri
Sugar prefd 11514,
Tennessee Coal & Iron 77
United States Leather 15^i
United States Leather prefd 76^4
United States Rubber 35
United States Rubber prefd S4',4
Western Union S4i,4
Republic Iron & Steel 17
Republic Iron & Bteel prefd 64%
P C C 4 6t Louis E6
CLOSING BONDS.
U S 2s ref reg.... 104*4 |N Y Cent lsts 109%
Do coup 104\ N J Cent gea 5s. .136%*
Do 2s reg 109V4 N Pac 2s 71%
Do 3s coup 109Vi Do 4s 104 Va
Do new 4s reg ..137 N T C & B L 4s. .107
Do new 4s coup. 137 |Nor & W con 4s.. 89%
Do old 4s reg...H54lOr Nav lsts 103%
Do old 4s coup..li;VO S Lin* 6s 127?,
Do Ib reg 112*i| Do con 6s 114%
Do 5e coup 112VReadlng Gen 4s .. 89%
Diet of Col 8.65s. .124HIR G W lsts 100H
Atch gen 4s 101%|S L & I M con Bs.112%
Do adjt 4s 85%!S L & S F Gen 6s.l2fi
Canada So 2ds 1084;St Paul cons 173%.
C & O 4%s 101% ;St P C & P lsU...113viii
Do Ss IIS t Do 6s 119%
C & N con 7s 140 ISo Pac 4s 84
Silver and Exchange as previously quoted.
Jl'hcat and Barley dull and nominal.
Oats in reduced assortment. Corn lower and dull. '
Nothing nczv in Hay and Fccdstuffs.
Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables about the same.
Beans in fair demand and firm.
Butter and Eggs in lighter supply and higher.
Game firm and in brisk demand. Poultry quiet and easy.
Bananas and Pineapples scarce. Citrus fruits unchanged.
AH kinds of Dried Fruits dull and featureless.
Provisions as before quoted.
Lime dealers combined and advanced prices.
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
WASHINGTON, Nov. 21.— To-day's statement
of the Treasury balances in the general fund,
exclusive of the $150,0u0,000 gold reserve In the
division of redemption, shows: Available cash
balance. $1S6.495.&S9; gold. $92,962,932.
Condition of the Treasury.
NEW YORK. Nov. 21.— Money on call, steady
at 3V4@4 per cent; last loan, 4 per cent. Prime
mercantile paper, 433 per cent. Sterling ex
change. 6teady. with actual business in bank
ers' bills at U S4% for demand and at $4 SO-iS
4 81 for sixty days. Posted rates, $4 82@i 85^.
Commercial bills, $4 SOUS* M^. Silver certifi
cates. 64SC5c. Bar silver, 63"kc. Mexican dol
lars, 50Vic. Bonds — Government, steady; State,
strong; railroad, strong.
A T czv York Money Market.
CLOSING,
Atchlson. 41H: Canadian Pacific, 90%; Union
Pacific preferred. S4%; Northern Pacific pre
ferred, SSVi; Grand Trunk, 6%; Anaconda, 10%.
Bar silver, steady, 29%d per ounce. Money,
3ff3Vi per cent.
NEW YORK. Nov. 21.— The Commercial Ad
vertiser's London financial cablegram says:
There was only one market here to-day, name
ly, the American miu-ket, which showed re
markable buoyancy and the biggest dealings
since the election. London bought heavily and
the public wan well in evidence. The Con
tinent was aiso a good purchaser and there
were large orders from the American Elde
The chief feature was Northern Pacific, but
Atchlson, Denver preferred, Union Paciilc and
Baltimore and Ohio were also greedily wanted.
It was rumored that' Atchlson common wouli
pay a 2Vi per cent dividend In January, but
this was scouted in good quarters. The mar
kft, however, is at present willing to believe
anything.
Money was in excellent demand, as the bulk
was borrowing on consols. The bank lent
slightly at 4H per oent till Saturday. A mil
lion of Delagoa money was released, but lt
had no effect.
London Market.
WHEAT— Spot— No. 1 California. 63 2%A; No.
1 Northern spring, 6s 3d; futures, quiet; De
cember. 6s ll^d: March, 6s %d.
CORN — Spot, firm: American mixed, new, 4s
'Ad; futures, quiet; November, 4s 3d; December,
4s Hd; January, 4s Id.
* *.
CLOSING.
LIVERPOOL, Nov 21.— Wheat in Paris,
steady; flour In Paris, steady: French country
markets, quiet.
Foreign Markets.
LONDON, Nov. 21.— English country mar
kets, quiet and steady.
TACOMA, Nov. 21.— WHE AT— Unchanged;
bluestem, G6%c; club. G3'^c.
PORTLAND, Nov. 21.— WHEAT— Walla W»l
la. 54ff54Hc; bluestem. 57c.
Cleared— Ship Gertrude, Queenstown, 89,384
bushels wheat.
OREGON,
Northern Wheat Market.
PORTLAND, Or., Nov. 21.— Clearings, $341,-
E15; balances. J71.249.
Portland's Business.
NEW YORK, Nov. 21.— The cotton market
started steady Trith prices down 2*33 points,
following disappointing advices from Liver
pool. Throughout the "day proflt-tR-klna, was a
prominent feature and during- the last Hour the
offerings were heavy. As a result prices de
clined with a rush." At the close the market
was weak and irregular with prices 4ft'J points
lower.
New York Cotton Market.
NEW YORK, Nov. 21.— The Iron markets of
the country were steady with No. 1 Northern
In New York 50 points higher at $13 50@16 50,
and plgiron warrants scored a similar rise,
closing at $9 50f£10 50 Tin was dull and nom
inally quoted at $1S 50 while spelter showed
some steadiness at unchanged prices, closing
at $t 30®4 33. Lake copper and lead remained
quiet nnd unchanged at $16 ~Z@n and $4 37^4
respectively. The brokers' price for lead wad
$-1 and for copper $17.
Nezv York Metal Market.
for a good heavy weight season. The sales of
the week In Boston amounted to 2.925,000 pounds
and 527,000 pounds foreign, making a
total of 3.452.000 pounds, against a total ol o.
3S6.000 pounds for the previous week and a
total of 13,743,000 pounds for the corresponding
week this year. The sales since January 1
amount to 128 215 300 pounds, against 314,i«7,5i6
pounds for the corresponding time last year.
Wheat, ctls 46MOnions, sks pj
Barley, ctls. ...... 1.2S0 Hay. tons 141)
Flour, qr sks 2,209 Wool, bales 3
Eggs, doz 7,080 Beans, sks 700
Butter, ctls 100 Potatoes, sks 200
Wine, gals.. 15.000 Oats, sks g25
Lime. bbls.. ...... lS2iCorn. East, ctls.. 1 000
OREGON.
Flour, qr sks 15,2fl3 Bran, sks 730
Potatoes, sks 2,574 Hops, bales g
FOR WEDNESDAY. NOVEMBER 21.
Receipts of Produce.
Crushed, 6.15c; Powdered, 5.73c; Candy Gran
ulated. 5.75c; Dry Granulated, 5.63c; Confec
tioners' A. o.C3c; Magnolia A. R.25c: Extra C.
B.15c; Golden C, 5.05c: barrels. 10c more; half
barrels, 25c more; boxes. KOc more; 60-lb bags.
10c more. No orders taken for less than 73
barrels or its equivalent. Dominos, half-bar
rels, 6.40c; boxes. 6.63c per lb.
LIME— Local houses have combined and are
holding their goods at higher prices— $1 60 per
barrel.
SUGAR— Tho Western Rutrar Refining Com
pany quotes, rer lb. In 100-lb bags:
COAL — Wellington, $9 per ton; Southfleld
Wellington, $9; Seattle, $7; Bryant, $7; Coos
Bay, $3 50; Wallsend, $3; Co-operative Walls
end. $9; Cumberland, ?12 In bulk and $13 25 in
sacks; Pennsylvania Anthracite Egg, $14; Can
nel. $12 per ton: Coke, $15 per ton in bulk and
SIS in tanks; Rocky Mountain descriptions,
$S 43 per 2000 lbs and $S 50 per ton, according to
brard.
A circular for Australia says:
"Since the Alameda left four cargoes of coal
have arrived here from Newcastle. N. S. W..
viz: Lamorlciere, 2300 tons; Pericles, 2060 tons;
Sokoto, 2127 tons; Cawdor. 3331 tons; total, 11,
018 tons. Not over five vessels are due here
from Newcastle prior to December 31 proximo,
with a capacity of 14,000 tons. Hence our present
fuel needs are but little aided from Australia.
The engaged Colonial coal list has diminished
to twenty-eight vessels of a carrying capacity
of 83,000 tons. Each succeeding month shows a
shrinkage of coal freight; in August last'th<»
tonnage list for hero footed up o\ - er 140.000
tons (forty-five vessels). But few new charters
are being reported; disengaged tonnage in Aus
tralia Is scarce, and the present delay at New-
Castle deters ship owners from seeking busi
ness. Some of the collieries cannot supply new
arrivals Inside of three months," and most of
the mines have contracted for their entire out
put Into the middle of 1901. It is a question
what will be the ruling prices of coals at New
castle next year, and lt Is questionable If any
established figures will bo maintained: they
will vary. If the present brisk demand con
tinues. The coast mines are keeping consumers"
fairly supplied, and the deficit Is made good
by fuel oil. which is .now being utilized by
some of our largest factories, which they ar«
«>nnbled to do at a marked saving In cost. Full
prices . are demanded. anH paid, for the north
ern coals, and for domestic uses extreme rates
will rule all winter.
BAGS— gun Quentln Bags. $5 65: Calcutta
Grain Bags, June and July, 6Hc; Wool
iSV4@32Vic; Fleece Twine. 7^c; Fruit Bags,
fi'MS^c for white and 8!i@S?4c for bleached
Jute.
General Merchandise.
BEEF— 6@7c for Steers and 5@3 ! Jic per lb for
Cows. •
VEAL— Large. 7*i©Sc: small. S«4®9c per lb.
MUTTON— Wethers, "VSSSc; Ewes. 7@7%c per
pound.
LAMB-£@9c per lb.
PORK— Live Hops. &?ic for small and 5Hc for
medium and 5 1 i<g5-%c for large; stock Hogs and
feeders, 505%c; dressed Hogs, 7USSHC.
San Francisco Meat Market.
Fall Clip — San Joaquln.^6H'I?Sc: do lambs'. 8
?T9c; Middle County, 9??10c; Northern Mountain,
free, 10@Uc; Southern MounUln. 7%@8^c;
Humboldt and Mendoclno, 12sgl3c per lb.
HOPS— llH@15c per lb.
WOOL— Spring clip Is quotable as follows:
Northern, free. 15(gl0c; Northern, fiefective. 12
(True: Middle County, free. 14S16C: Middle
County, defective, ' 12'5'Hc; Southern Mountain.
12 months', 9J?10c; Southern Mountain, free. 7
months'. ll@12c; Southern Mountain. defectl% r e,
7 months', 9®llc: Humboldt and Mendoclno,
lfi'&lTc; Nevada. 13(5 16c per lb.
HIDES AXD SKINS— Culls and bran/Is sell
about lc under quotations. Heavy salted
Steers. 10c; medium, flc; light. S'i'ggc; Cow
hiries. SHJ?3c; Stags, 6Uc: Falted Kip. 9Vjc;
Salted Veal, 9>*e; Salted Calf. )0c; Dry Hides,
16c; culls. 14c; Dry Kip, 16c; Dry Calf., 16917c;
culls and brands, 14?; Sheepskins, shearlings
2»lf?30c each: rhort Wool. SOQfiOc each; medium.
66Qg3<;; long Wool. 7r.c<&$! each: Horso Hides,
salt. $2 f.O for large and $2 for medium. $1 50
for small and &0c for colts; Horse Hides, dry.
$1 75 for large, $1 50 for medium, $1 25 for small
and 23S30c for colts. Deerskin?— Summer or red
sklr.s. 35u; fall or medium skins. 30c: winter or
thin skins. 17V4<S2Oc. Goatskins — Prime An
goras, "jc: larsre and smooth, 50c; medium, 33c.
TALLOW— No. 1 rendeied, 4@4V4c per lb; No.
2, 3Hc; grease. 2ff2^c.
Hides, Talloiv, Wool and Hops.
LARD— Tierces quoted at 6*ic p«r lb for com
pound and 9c for pure; half-barrels, pure, 9Uc;
10-lb tins, fiajc; 5-ib tins 9?4c.
COTTOLENE— One-half barrel, S»ic; three
half-barrels, S>,ic; one tierce, 8'^c; two tierces,
Sc; Jive tierces, 7%c per lb.
CURErj MEATS— Bacon, IO'iJHlc per lb for
heavy, HHS12c for light medium, 12V4c for
light, 13V4c for extra light and 14H013C for
Furrar-cured; Eastern sugar-cured Hams. HHc:
MesE Beef. $12 50 per barrel; extra Mess, $13;
Family, $13 SO; extra Prime Pork. $16; extra
clear, J19 £0; Mes?. $18; Smoked Beef, 13c per
lb.
Provisions.
HONEY— Comb. KV&Wbc for bright and UV,
ffT13c for lieht amber; water white, extracted.
7?4<SSc; light ember, extracted, 7@7V4c; dark.
6©€%p per lb. •
BEES WAX-24t 26c per lb.
NUTS— Chestnuts. 6g7c per lb; Walnuts, No.
1 softshell, lie; No. ?. Se: No. 1 hardshell. 10c;
No.' 2, 7V&ctt Almonds, 12tT13c for papersheli.
9®Uc for softshell; Peanuts. 5©6c for East
ern; Brazil Nuts, 13c; Filberts. 13c; Pecans, 11
@13c; Cocoanuts, J3 5C(f?3.
DECIDUOUS FRUITS—
APPLES— CCtfSOc per box for common and
C5e<i»U for good to choice; Spitzenbergs, 60c®
$1: Oregon SpitzenborRF, $1 23. , ,
PKARS-SOc'ifSl 25 per box.
PERSIMMONS— <j."OS."c per box. .
CRANBERRIKS^-Cap* Cod, Sllfll 50 per
barrH: r*oo« Uav. *2 23^2 SO per box.
STRAWBERRIES— $2 no® 5 per chest for large
and $10 for small berrifs.
RASPnKRRIES— S3«?<5 p^r chest.
GRAPES— 65<3S5c per small box and $1 2o per
crate.
CITRUS FRUITS— Navel Oranges, $1 C0fT2 .u;
Seedlings, $1@1 75; Tangerines. $1 2.*<i?l 50:
Lemons. 25c@$l 25 for common and $1 50422 75
for good to choice; Grape Fruit, J2Q3; Mexi
can Limes. $4<f?4 50; California Limes, 23#35c:
Bananas, $1 73@2 50 per bunch; Pineapples, %l@
3 60 per dozen.
Dried Fruits, Nuts and Raisins.
There Is not an active article under this
head, and If stock is moved concessions in some
form or other have to bo given.
FRUITS— Prunes. Santa Claras, 4 slr.es, 3c;
40-oCs. 7c; CO-60S. 5»;c; 60- 70s, 3%c; 70-SOs. 3!4c;
80-90s, 2%c; 00-100s, 2V«c; 100s and over, 2c; ru
bles. Vic premium; Sonomas. V*c and San Joa
qulns. He less than Santa Claras, except lCCs
and over, which stand the same. Apricots. 6@
8c for Royals and lOJTllVic for Moorparks;
Evaporated Apples, GigCc; sun-dried, 3^@4'/<'C;
Peaches. 4V£@5c for standard, S^fic f or choice
and K&'tec for fancy; Pears. 237c: Plums,
pitted. 5®6','jc: unpltted. 15JlV4c: Nectarines. o(tt
5%c for red and 5%1?Gc for white.
RAISINS— The Raisin Growers' Association
has established the following prices for the
season of 1900: Bleached Thompson's fancy, 12c
per lb: choice, lie; standard. S%c; prime. 8c;
unbleached Thompson's. 9c per lb. Sultanas —
Fancy, 10>^c per lb: choice, 0\ic; standard, S%c;
prime, Sc; unbleached Sultanas, So; Seedless,
CO-lb boxes. 6}Jc; 2-crown loose Muscatels. 6c;
3-crown, 6V4c; 4-crown, 7c; London Layers, 2
crown. $1 50 per box; 3-crown. $1 60; Fancy
Clusters, $2; Dehesa. $2 50; Imperial, $3. All
prices t. o. b. at common shipping points In
California.
Bananas and Pineapples are scarce and firm.
There is no change worthy of remark in Cit
rus Fruits.
Cranberries are firm at the recent advance.
Grapes are scarce and will soon disappear.
Some Blackberries came In and brought JSU-*
per chest.
Deciduous and Citrus Fruits.
Storage goods — 21@22c. _
CHEESE— New. HH@12c: Old. 10@llc: Young
America. 12@12%c; Eastern, 13%@14c; Western.
ll&ISc per lb. „„.,-,„, ,
EGGS— Store, 26@30c; ranch, 32W34C Tor
fair and 33W37Hc per dozen for good to choice;
Eastern, 22Vi<S v 30c.
packed Butter and are getting back to fresh
goods again.
BUTTEK—
Creamery— Fancy Creamery, 23@24c; seconds.
22>4c
Dairy— Fancy, 21c; good to choice, 19020c:
common, 17%@18V4c.
Creamery tub— 2U@22%c per lb.
Pickled roll— 19@21c.
Firkin— lS@19c. &0ir
Bay Co P Co.104 105 Oak Water 58.. 104T4 —
CaJ-st Cab 5s.. 118}; — Oceanic SS Ss.llOTklllU
C C Water 5s..lO7$i — )ra C Ry 6s... — —
Ed L & P 6s... 130V* — Pac G Imp 4S..102 —
F & Cl Ry 6s.. — — P & Cl Ry 6s.. 106 —
Geary-st R Sa. — — P&ORR 6S.115H —
H C & S 5V-S... — — Powell-st R 6s — —
Do Es ...."....100% — ?ac E G&R 5s.lOO —
L A Ry 5s 110 - S F & SJV 5S.1W4 -
L A Lt Co 6s.. — 103 S R of Cal 6s.. — 113
Do gntd 6s.. — — S P or A 69....113U —
L A entd f.s.,.100 102 5 P ofC6a(1905)
L A P R R 53.101% — (Series A).... 10W —
Markc<-st «s...12S*i — Dowries B)ll<Hi —
Do 1st M 5S.120 — Do (1906) ....112 —
N C N G R'-s. — 114 Do (1912) 120 —
N It of Cal 6s. lH^ — S P R 1st g 5s.l<« 106
Do 5s 119 lWi 3 P R 6s 131 —
Nl-iMtR 6sJd — S V Water 6s.ll/.V">
Do 5s 113% — Do 4s — ic:?i
N Co I Ry 5s. ..113 — Do 3d nHKe..lO2>; —
Dak G L & II. 110% — Stktn Gas 6s.. 1C0 —
Oak Tran <is...H6*» —
WATER STOCKS.
Contra Costa.. 71 72 Spring Valley. 93tt —
Marln County. 51«4 —
GAS AND ELECTRIC. STOCKS.
Cent L & P Co 2\i — [Pac L Co...... 42 45
E.juit G L Co. 3^4 3>4 ?ac E G&R Co — 3C
Mutual El Co.. — 0\ 3 F G & E.... 43?, jO
DGL&H.... 43"i- 5an Franciaco. - fc
Pac t»aj» Imp.. 51 i2 JStktn GAE Co— 14
INSURANCE STOCKS.
Flrem's Fund.227!i — 1
BANK STOCKS.
Ane!o-Cal Ltd. 60 — First National.!** WO
Bank of Cal... — — Lon P & A 140% —
Cal S D & T..104V410JH Merchants Ex lo IS
SAVINGS BANKS.
Ger S & L — 1S00 Sav & L So... — 81
Hum S & L... — — Sec Sav Bk.... — —
Mut Sav Bk... E0 — Union T Co.... — —
S F Sav Un...515 —
STREET RAILROAD STOCKS.
California 124 - [OSLiH.... 33 46ft
Geary-st — 47H Presidio — 22
Market-st 6SH — '
POWDER STOCKS.
California .... — 160 .Vlgorlt * tti 3%
Giant Con Co.. 83^*84 ' .
• SUGAR STOCKS.
Hana S P Co. 7% 8 IKllauea S Co.. 20H 22
Haw C & S Co 84 85}£ hlakaweli S Co 41% 42\£
Honokaa S Co. 30% 31 Onomea S Co.. 2* Nft
Hutch S P Co. 23H 26 iPaauhau S Co. 31 Sift
MISCELLANEOUS STOCKS.
Al Pack Asn.124 124*4 Pac A F A.... S —
Cal Fruit Asn.103%105 Pac C Bor Co. — 152
Mer Ex Assn.. »7 100 Par Paint Co.. 12tf —
Oceanic S Co.. 38 —
Morning Session.
Board
is Alaska Packers' Asm 124 2j
33 Hana Plantation Co i«l
$3,000 Sacramento Elec. Gas & R'y 5a..lO<) 00
2 S F Gas and Electric Co 50 00
10 S F Gas and Electric Co 49 hVz
5 S V Water »S 2"
1 S V Water M 2S
Street
135 Contra Costa Water 71 5C
$7,000 Los Angeles R'y 6s 110 00
$10,000 Northern Cal R"y 5s 113 50
Afternoon Session.
Board—
10 Alaska Packers' Assn 124 25
$5,000 Bay Counties Power Co Cs 104 00
50 Central Light and Power 3 "
125 Hana Plantation Co 7 S7'H»
20 Makawell 42 CO
100 Oakland Gas SO i«)
$1,000 Oceanic S S bonds 11100
120 S F Gas and Electric Co SO CO
60S V Water 03 25
Street—
50 Giant Powder Con S3 7»
PRODUCERS' OIL EXCHANGE.
Morning Session.
Board —
1000 Cala-Standard 30
500 McKIttrick Consolidated 75
S00 McKIttrick Consolidated 77
60 Home Oil 4 43
12o Caribou 43
200 Monte Crlsto •- 140
300 Petroleum Center 12
1(0 Sterling O & D Co, b 60 2 05
ICO Sterling O & D Co 2 to
150 Twenty-Eight ; 2 SO
Street—
200 McKIttrick Consolidated 80
After "loon Session.
Board—
100 Caribou ] 43
7CO Caribou 44
ICO Four Oil Co...; : 41
100 McKIttrick Consolidated 83
100 McKIttrick Consolidated 81
1000 Petroleum Cenjer \ 12
S0O Petroleum Center 11
1000 Petroleum Center 13
23 Sterling O & D Co 2 55
200 Sterling O & M Co, b 60 2 €3
100 Sterling O & D Co 2 CO
100 Twenty-Eight 2 iO
Street —
100 Caribou +;
?no Lion Oil Co SO
100 Monte Crlsto 145
MININO STOCKS.
Following? were the *ales in the San Francisco
Slock and Exchange Board yesterday:
Morning Session.
100 Best & Belcher. 21| 100 Sliver Hill 45
600 Con Cal & Va..l 251 100 Yellow Jacket.. 23
100 Gould & Curry-1 031
Afternoon Session.
150 Gould & Curry. 1 15 50 Potosl IS
400 Occidental 05 300 Savage 16
Following were the sales In the Pacific Stock
Exchange yesterday:
Morning Session.
200 Caledonia 39 300 Savage ' 17
£00 Justice 04, 100 Silver Hill 40
Afternoon Session.
30O Caledonia 39 50 Gould & Curry. 1 10
200 Crown Point 09 200 Savage IS
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
WEDNESDAY. Nov. 21—4 p. m.
Bid. Ask. Bid. Ask.
Alpha C2 C3, Justice 02 03
Alta 01 02 Kentuck 02 M
Andes 04 06 Lady Wash — 03
Belcher 17 19 Mexican 25 28
Best & Belcher. SO 21 Occidental 04 06
Bullion 03 Ci Ophir SO 82
Caledonia 33 40 Overman -. 07 OS
Chollar W M Potosl IS 19
Challenge Con.. 23 24 Savage 15 IS
Confidence 67 60 Scorpion — 04
Con Cal & Va..l 23 1 30 Seg Belcher C4 05
Con Imperial... — 01 Sierra Nevada.. 83 37
Con New York. 01 — Silver Hill 42 44
Eureka Con.... — 25 St Louis 10 —
Crown Point.... 09 10- Standard 3 25 —
Exchequer — 02 Syndicate 07 —
Gould & Curry. 1 10 1 15 Union Con 13 1*
Hale & Norcrs. 24 23[Utah 07 OS
Julia 01 03! Yellow Jacket.. 23 23
MISCELLANEOUS BONDS.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, NOVEMBER 22, 1900.
New York Grain and Produce.
Foreign Futures.
UNITED STATES BONDS.
BM. Ask. 1 ' Bld.A^k.
4s quar coup.. 115^116*.; s do cp (new). — 13S
4s do reg. .115>illB»; |4s do coup 10914110
WEDNESDAT. Nov. 21-2:30 p. m,
STOCK AND BOND EXCHANGE
COMMERCIAL AND FINANCIAL NEWS
8
I Last I This I
STATIONS. at Hours, Season. |
| I.aft
| Season.
rureka 34 | 14.23
i'.e<i Ii!ufT 1. 76 6. S3
Sacramento 2.32 6.34
Fan Francisco 1.43 5.70
Kfsno -66 4. S3
Independence .90 2.10
Kan L.uis Oblspo S.r.4 6.37
I^os Angeles _ 1.S2 4. £9
£an Diego Ci 1.05 I
12.44
6.23
CM
T.tS
3.34
1.22
2.44
2.44
I 1.15
I Last I This I
STATIONS. at Hours, Season. |
| I.aft
| Season.
rureka 34 | 14.23
i'.e<i Ii!ufT 1. 76 6. S3
Sacramento 2.32 6.34
Fan Francisco 1.43 5.70
Kfsno -66 4. S3
Independence .90 2.10
Kan L.uis Oblspo S.r.4 6.37
I^os Angeles _ 1.S2 4. £9
£an Diego Ci 1.05 I
12.44
6.23
CM
T.tS
3.34
1.22
2.44
2.44
I 1.15
OCEAN TRAVEL.
Pacific Coast Steamship Co.
• Steamers leave Broadway
|>w wharf. San Francisco:
IivS*-fc_ For Alaskan Port*— 11 a. m.,
I fctt*Ps2Kk Nov - I7> "• :Ti Dpc - -¦ Cnans"
a iMyjJifcJwSak t0 company's steamers a: Se-
ll *-jKbSH^H ? For Victoria. Vancouver (P.
li LBaWrV^ : C) - fort Townstnd. S^attJ-.
Hl^P^ Tacoma, Everett. Anacortea
and New Whatcom (Wash. >—
'•H 11 a. m.. Nov. 17. 22. 27. Dec. 2
and eT»ry fifth day thereafter. Chance at .-—
attle for this company's steamers for Alaska
and G. N. Ry. : at Seattle or Tacoma to N. i\
Ry. ; at Vancouver to C. P. Ry.
For Eureka. Humboldt Bay— J p. m.. Nov.
19, U, 29. Dec. 4. and every fifth day there-
aitcr.
For San Dieso. stopping only at Santa Bar-
bara. Port Los Angeles and Redondo iLos An-
Kelts)— Steamer Queen. Wednesdays, 9 a. Bk :
steamer Santa Rosa. Sundays. 9 a. m.
For Santa Cruz. Monterey. San Simeon. Cayu-
cos. Port Harford (San Luis Obispo). Gaviota.
Santa Barbara. Ventura, Hueneme. San Pedro,
Kaat San Pedro (Los Angeles) and Newport —
Steamer Corona, Fridays. 9 a. m. ; steamer
Bor.lta. Tuesdays. 9 a. m.
For Ensenada, Magdalena Bay. San Joss del
Cabo. Mazatlan. Altata. La Paz. Santa Rosalia
and Guaymas (ilex.) — 10 a. m.. 7th each month.
For further Information obtain company's
folders.
The company reserves the right to chansra
steamers, sailing: dates and hours of sallies
without previous notice.
TICKET OFFICE— 4 Kew Montgomery
¦treet (Palace Hotel).
GOODALL, PERKINS & CO.. Gen. Ag»nt*.
10 Market *t.. San Francisco.
THE 0. R. & R. CO.
DISPATCH FAST STEAMERS TO
From BD*ar-street "Wharf at 10 a, m.
CADE * 12 F lrst Class Including Berth
lAliC $S Second Class and Meals.
COLUMBIA falls Nov 2*. Dec 4
GEO. "W. ELDER sails Nov. 19. 23
Short Line to Walla 'Walla, Spokane, Butte,
Helena and all points in the Northwest.
Through tlckPts to all points East.
E. C. WARD. General Agent,
SCO Market st
TOYO KISEN KAISHA.
STEAMERS "WILL LEAVE "WHARF. COR-
ner First and Brannan streets, at 1 p. m..
for YOKOHAMA and HONGKONG, calling st
Kobe (Hiogo), Nagasaki and Shanghai, and
connecting at Hongkong with steamers for In-
dia, etc. No cargo received en board on day
of sailing. „
SS. NIPPON MART7
Thursday. December «, 1900
SS. AMERICA MARU
Saturday, December 29. 1X0
Via Honolulu.
SS. HONGKONG MARU
Thursday. January 54. 1901
Roond-trlp tickets at reduced rates. For
freight and passage apply at company's office.
4*1 Market street, corner of First.
"W. H. AVERT. General AgMit
AMERICAN LINE.
SIW TOM. SOUTHAMPTON. LONDON. TIS13.
Stopping at Cherbourg, westbound.
From New Tork Every Wednesday. 10 a. m.
Kensington Nov. M I Southwark Dec 13
St. Louis Dec. 5 ' St. Louis Dec 2S
New Tork Dec. 12
RED STAR LINE.
New York and Antwerp.
From New Tork Every Wednesday, 12 noon.
Kensington Nov. 28 Southwark Dec. 13
Noordland Dec. 5 Westernland...Dec. 2i
Frlesland Dec. 12
For freight and passage apply to
INTERNATIONAL NAVIGATION CO..
30 Montgomery st. Or any of its agents.
oeeaases.s.co.sig
SS. MARIPOSA. for Honolulu, Samoa. New
Zealand and Australia
Thursday. November 22. 4:30 p. m.
SS. ZEALANDIA (Honolulu onlyi
Monday. December 3. 2 p. m.
SS. AUSTRALIA, for Tahiti
Tuesday, December 4. 4 p. n.
J. 0. SPHECXELS& EROS. CO..figts.,TickBt CJfira. 643 ¦arfcatS!
Freight Cffia, 327 Market St., Pier la. 7. Pacific SL
COMPAGNIE GENERALS TRAM3ATLANTI3r2.
DIRECT LINE TO HAVRE-PAUIS. -^ja—
Sailing every Thursday. indt«-uri of
Saturday, from November 2. 1SD9. at •JPtEftaSfc
10 a. m . from Pier 42. North River, foot of
Morton street. First-class to Havre. $53 and
upward. Second-class to Havre. JIU SJ and up-
ward. GENERAL AGENCT FOR UNITED
I STATES and CANADA, 32 Broadway (Hudson
building). New Tork. J. F. FUGAZI & CO..
Pacific Coast Agents, 5 Montgomery avenue.
San FrttnH^ro.
BAY AND RIVER STEAMERS.
FOR U. S. NAVY YARD AND VALLEJO.
Steamer "Montlcello,"
In Drydock. No Boat Running Till
Further. Notice.
AUCTION SALES
GRAND AUCTION SALE
£?> of 5W
Thoroughbred yearlings
FROM
VV. O'B. MACDONOUGH'S
MENLO STOCK FARM.
-Sired by the Great St. Car!,.
Including Brothers m,i c. . ...
Flanders. V^^?fe^S^^« *
ciaiiat. Tenebra?. Elc]
Also All *he
PALO ALTO THOROUGHBREDS,
RAC LOY'AI F I^T MnEAL '' MARINER' (Imp.) and
MarlJT 1^"*- Out of < h * Choice
iiarea That Have Made This
Also the n °>- a! »- } I^<l j^£ LASSITUDE, by
Thursday Evening,^ 22, 1930,
OCCIDENUL HOBSeI KcflAHBE.
721-733 HOWARD ST.. XEAU THIRD.
F. W. COVEY. a Au«ioae17 NG - i>rOprtetOr -
Catalogue, ready. Horw/on the premise,.
Jfe AUCTION SALE! £-,
80 MULES-GO HORSES'
By order of McMurtrie f, Btoa«?l\rtn art at
public auction on the H. B aSwOwS ra-c*
two miles southwest cf Davio-.-ilC on
SATURDAY >ove m her ft. 1900,
—A i it) A. M
80 HEAD OH Ml i fg
Weighing from I0OO to U0C po ~ £ a'l brok^
and In good condition. FORTY Spts n?
CHAIN HARNESS Single and Double Bu 5 w
Harness. 20 Pairs Lead liars. singU "
Buggy. 2-Horso Wacon «toY
At the same time an 1 , place hv . - '-..- n ' T m
Nightingale. I ' *\;i £\\ ' °* J ' ""
SIXTY HEAD OF DRIVING \xl, n^ ir-TTT
MARES AND GELDINGS
Weighing from 1M0 to 16C0 po-mds. broken and
unbroken. Mares In loal. Yearlings ana
two-year-olds.
Sale can be held under cov>r, and w'.'l tak>»
place rain or shine an-1 without WrvM or rwrve
TERMS CASH. Fre" Lunrh Will Be 8*TT«£
TV. H. HOP.!). Auctioneer.
£^ £^ £^
30 HEAD OF BROKEN DRIVING, EXPRESS
AND DRAFT HORSES.
Matched teams, weighing from 10<K> to 1S30.
Consigned by J. B. NIGHTINGALE. Cordelia.
CHASE & MENDENHALL.
Salesyard— 1732 Market street, ccrcer Van
Xess avenue.LONDON. Nov. £1.— The Pelagoa Bay
Railway award was " paid v to-day. ". The
Americano received their share through
the Sellgmans.
PLAMT LEGISLATION
FOB. BETTER BO ADS
Elected at the . Chicagt>
Convention.
Resolutions Adopted and Officers
CHICAGO. Nov. .21.— Several important
recommendations were made by, the legis
lative committee at to-day's session of the
.National : Good Roads Convention." Fol
lowing are the recommendations: , ,
That a highway commissioner be ap
pointed by each State .to have -general
charge of all roads. •* '
That the. poll tax be abolished and all
taxes'. for road maintenance be paid in
cash. 'This, includes the repeal of the
statute labor laws. ' :. ¦ ' :, .-....-
•That a State road plan be adopted in all
States, including the employment of con
vict labor In preparation of material for
A - committee waa ' appointed by Presi
dent Moore to draft a bill outlining . the
Leopold Rottanzi Dies.
Leopold Rottanzl. the uncle of Dr. Tiillo
A- Rottanzi and Attillo Mona of this city,
one of the pioneer Swiss-Italians of Cali
fornia, died suddenly yesterday morning
at the Lane Hospital. He went there
about a week ago to be operated upon for
an affection of tho throat. His condition
was not considered precarious, although
he was unable to receive nutrition except
by artificial means. The deceased was a
native of Faido, Canton Ticino. Switzer
land, where he was born nearly 67 years
aco. His parents conducted one of the
largest lace manufactories In the world.
He came to California In early, days and
enp-aped with his brothers . In the wine
bUFlnc«s. He leaves several nieces. amnnR
whom are Mrs. I^eonoldina Steffanl and
Miss Eliza Rottanr.1.
"WANTS AN ALLOWANCE
FOR SON'S INJURIES
Mrs. I*ynch Appeals to Mayor Phelan
and Strongly Upbraids Patrol
man ' Kenville.
Mrs. Elizabeth D. Lynch, whose son
William was seriously hurt by a club
thrown by Patrolman Frank L. Kenvllle
on the evening of Tuesday, September 23,
1858, near Woodward's Pavilion, sent a
communication yesterday to Mayor Phe
lan In which she appeals for a temporary
Income to be paid out of the City Treas
ury an a remuneration for her boy's in
juries. The communication, which was
referred to the Board of Supervisors, con
tinues:
It tra» one of your own employes who de
prived me of the means of subsistence anil com
pelled me to become my son's constant nurse.
Officer Kenvllle remains unpunished; In fact
hn was rewarded for his brutal outrage upon
my child. Kenvillo was suspended for five
months, but was restored to duty and received
all his back salary. I am not affected by per
sonal vlndlctlveness. but I admit that I resent
the fact that a police officer can ruin an inno
cent boy by an act which has every element
of manslaughter except death and go free,
while his victim and his mother are left In
destitution.
I respectfully rubmlt that the very least you
can do ls to make me an allowance, not aa a
benevolent contribution, but as a matter of
right.
BRINGS CONVICTS FROM NOME.
Revenue Cutter Bear Has Six Crim-
inals as Passengers.
SEATTLE, Nov. 21.— Thfl revenue cutter
Bear. Captain' Tuttle, arrived in this port
to-day from Nome, having left there on
November 8. She was compelled to heave
to for three, days 300 miles from Cape
Flattery because of the recent storm.
Colonel Wright, head of the revenue ser
vice at Nome, came down on the cutter.
Deputy Marshal B.ecker brought down
six convicts on the Hear, as follows:
Bruce Kenwrlght, manslaughter; Joseph
Young, grand larceny: W. Conway. as
sault with deadly weapon; Joseph Welk,
grand larceny: Gladys Shores, grand lar
ceny, and Albert de Kolf, grand larceny.
They will be taken to McNeills Island to
serve their sentences.
Sensational Affidavit Is' Filed by
CHARGES COTTNCTLMEN
WITH TAKING BRIBES
Charles W. Lapp of Cleve
land, Ohio.
Conditions In Samoa.
CLKVELAND, Nov. 21.— A sensational
affidavit made by Charles W. Lapp, a
member of the City Council, was : made
public to-day. Councilman Lapp swears
that Councilman White told him that "the
gang" (meaning certain members of the
Council) received $T>000 for votes on the
police alarm contract and intimated that
$5000 more was to be paid for their votes
on a contract for the now city fire alarm
system.
WASHINGTON.' Nov. 2L" — The Navy
Department has received a report from
Commander B. F. Tilley, commandant of
the naval station at Pago- Pago, Samoa.
Peace and quietness, says Commander
Tilley, prevail everywhere among the na
tives and they are obedient, tractable and
industrious. ; . .
May Have Been Murdered.
LEXINGTON, Ky., Nov. 21.— Charles S.
Mllward, a prominent* merchant of this
city, was found dead to-day. He had been
shot, but whether by himself or by an
other ls not known.' : ¦ .
Czar's Condition Satisfactory.
LIVADIA, Nov. 21.— A bulletin issued by
the Czar's phynicians says: ; "The ; Czar
passed a satisfactory day yesterday. ": His
condition , is good. HIb ¦. temperature last
evening was 102.6," and his pulse 76.' He
slept but little during the night, but from
no disturbing:: cause. \ His . Majesty's gen
eral condition ls satisfactory." ' ¦ \
PALACE HOTEL.
Mrs Stlrk. Toledo
Miss Stlrk. Toledo
R J Hephurn. USA
C C Desmond, I.. Ang
J J Muina, Berkeley
S Rosenbaum, Stoektn
C Buck & w, Haywrds
C F Ireland. Paris
J Sparks, Reno
F Hanchett. Mass
G B Ellis, Redlands
H Erllch. NY
F Kenny, Portland
K Benson A w. Portld
W Andrews & w. N Y
J McCallum, N Y
W J Patterson. N Y
F II Short, Fresno
H R Bostwick & w,
Korea
G A Ballard, N Y
Miss Bean. Alabama
Miss O'Brle,n. Minn
A Hammond, Portlnd
N D Johnson. Portland
8 W Devo* & w, Minn
C P Crow, Minn
C Idleman. Portland
J Levy & w, Portland
O Huse, Chicago
S M Toplitz. N Y
E B Waskermer. N T
L B Bayman. N Y
A D Levy. NY
J A Chanslor, L Ang
E W Mason. T., Ang
R II Brown. L Ang
O W Schltchten & w,
San Rafael
W Held. Yokohama
W A Bchlland Jr & w,
- New York
A W Ottowe. Moss
X Schaffner. N T
Dr Powell & w. Stktn
G W Hull. N Y
F 'Mclaughlin & w,
Santa Cruz
Miss McLauRhlln. S Cz
A E Kirk, Pittsburg
C H Clove. Plttsburg
8 Frankenhelmer & w,
Texas
H'il Gleaaon. Seattle
T Flint, S Juan
Mrs Kirkhoff, L, AnR
H Blackfeldt, Stanford
J Meyers & w, U 8 A
Mrs Armstrong. N T
S R.Betts, NY
Mrs Cutts, Mare Isld
Mrs iTasknll. China
Mrs Churchill. N Y ',
C Churchill, NY
M S Xlswander. Dorlo
A S Webster, NY
F Fornald & w. Chlego
J McDowell, Stanford
G Wheat on. Oakland
P Wetherby. Rocklln
E D Jones. Woodslde '
E M Miller. Oakland
S Elmore, Astoria
F Stephen8on. Oakld
F Van Sicklln. Alamda
C Downlnc. Armora
K W Brown, Fresno
S J Barnett. Stanford
J D Grlsslm. S Jose
T Schneider Jr. S Josis
H C Parker Jr. Mich
H S Greeley, Cal
J Jj Daube, Chicago
P E Reilly. N Y
A Thompson, Seattle
GRAND HOTEti.
W M Murry. Cal
C E James, Kans Cty
C Wyer. Fresno
T II McN'eel. Rt Koea
Ij Gassner, Cal
J B Pearson, Ls Banos
G H Master & w, Ala
C B Hlllhouse & w.NY
O HofT.. Racine
T L. Reed, rteedley.
M Miner., Treka, ;
A Hutchln*. Chicago
R D Cannon. Salt Lake
O H Foster.: Sn Rafael
Miss Foster. Sn Rafael
Mlse Hall. San Rafael
W H Hill, Phila
J W Montgomery, 111
A N Ackley & w. Neb
S-M. Mills, Sonora •.'
Mrs M H Shriby. Cal
Miss H Shelby. Cal
Mrs FW Walker. Pa
Mm Roberts, Sacto ~ .
C O Storke. Sta Barb
F II Brown, Lob Ang
F. KchHdler. Ls Ang
W T Henday, Peorla
A Forks. San Mateo
C K Durrell. Sn Mateo
B S Hubbard & w. Oak
OH Ismon & w. Oak
Dr LLomal. Oakland
Miss "Whlghtman. Oak
K P Werner & w.- Cal
C E Willard & w. N Y
J E Poindexter. Cal
Mrs H D MathewB, Cal
E C Crystal,- Vacavllle
H Oebhard & w. Cal
J T Barnes & w, Cal
W L Ashe & w. Cal
C J Cavanagh. Ft Brgg
W Galloway, 111
JKullman, Benlcia :
r. Fredrick, NT-.
J A Kuykendall, Utah
Mrs M . Clemens & c,
Grants Pass
NTTW WESTERN - HOTEL.
' T ; H Howe, Fresno ¦
P ¦ D Howe. Frenni
W Everett, Portland
H B.Ccbmcs, Cal V
L. Vent, Lakeport
Mrs ¦ Vest, - Lakeport a
A Li ' M*ad, ¦ Iowa
Mrs Mead. Iowa -
I Bat«n, B C
Col Scott. Modesto
W H -Dal ley, • Modeato
J'W OJler. Vallejo .
C Houck, Nebraska.
J- B Williams, -Mont
Mrs "Williams, 1 Mom.
H A Turner, Seattle
TV : Miller. Seattle
L, Jontn.' family, :¦ Tils
F • !¦ ; Vest, ' Lakepor; ;
Mrs Vest, Lakepr.rt
Mies B Rlcottl. - Kreeno
E GerMh. t Fresno ,
H Me Furl and, Freupa
C 8 Effgert, Nebraska
Special Dispatch to The Call.
NEW YORK, Nov. 21.— Indications point
to a contest over the will of Charles H.
Hoyt, the playwright, who died on Tues
day in Charlestown, N. H. The terras -of
the agreement will not be made public
until after the funeral. The oeneflciaries
will then be consulted and the paper will
be filed for probate. -
The funeral services will be held at Mr.
Hoyt's Charlestown home at 1:45 o'clock
Friday afternoon. The pallbearers will
be decided upon Friday forenoon. Mr.
Hoyt'a will Is in the possession of hl3
lawyers, Howe & Hummel, who drew it
before tho beginning of the trouble that
darkened the close of the playwright's
career. Its provisions canno: be definitely
ascertained, but Mr. Hoyt informed his
friends and business associates before his
illness that he intended to make gener
ous provisions for their benefit. Although
Mr. Hoyt had lost money during the last
two years of his life he left a considerable
fortune. His guardian. Mr. Lyford, says
that his estate is worth $123,000. Several
of his plays are still on the road, and are
producing good royalties. His property in
Charlestown is said to be one of the finest
in New Hampshire. Considerable cf ;he
estate Is in bank deposits and. giltodge
securities and high-class real ©state in
New Hampshire and New York.
Mr. , Hoyt's income this season from his
plays is said to have been $500 a week.
Mr. Hoyt's nearest kin are three cousins—
Hale Barstow of Lebanon, N. H., Mrs.
Louis Burnham of Norwich, Vt.,' and Miss
Kate Hale of Boston. None of them was
intimate with Mr. Hoyt during his life
and it is not thought that he made a very
lavish provision ror them. In that event
it is thought they -will probably contest
the will. It is assumed that the ground
of the contest will be insanity and undue
influence, though Mr. Hoyt's mental abil
ity was never questioned until the spring
of 1S99, at about the time of the production
of "A Dog in the Manger", in Washing
ton. This was his last play- and proved a
failure. His peculiarities soon - afterward
became marked and ultimately resulted in
his confinement in a sanitarium.
Mr. Hummel .said to-day that abundant
proof could be brought that Mr. Hoyt was
mentally competent when the will was
executed. No decision has yet been
reached as to the filing of the will, which
may be offered for probate In this city,
where Mr. Hoyt's business interests cen
tered, or; In New: Hampshire, where ho
maintained his resilience and where he
died. While it now seems llkelv that It
will be filed in the Surrogate's Office here,
that question will. arise when those inter
ested come together.
Many friends will probably go from this
city to Charlestown to attend the funeral.
Deceased Playwright Left
a Considerable
HOYT'S WILL MAY
BE CONTESTED
suggestions of the legislative committee.
This, after open debate by«the convention,
will be completed and sent to the thirty
8lx Legislatures in the United States
which meet in January.
The following were named as officers of
the National Good Roads Association,
which was organized by a vote of the
delegates present: President, William H.
Moore, Missouri; secretary, R. Richard
son, Nebraska: treasurer. Edwin A. Pot
ter. Illinois. Among the vice presidents
are: Jay Barouche, California; W. E.
Pierce. Idaho; Professor Samuel Fortle,
Montana; J. Jamea, Washington.
Among the papers read at to-day's sea-~
sion was one by Mrs. Mary Llnde Craig
of Redlands, Cal.. on "Oiled Roads."
Mrs. Craig told of the successful experi
ments carried on at Redlands and Pasa
dena In the use of oil for the prevention
of both dust and mud.
BELMONT OBJECTS
TO USE OF HIS NAME
Board of Governors of Demo
cratic Club.
Tenders Resignation as Member of
NEW TORK. Nov. 21.— The following
letter was to-day made public by Its
author:
RAILWAY PROMOTERS
READY TO INCORPORATE
"NEW YORK. Nov. 21.— John W. Kel
ler, President of the Democratic Club-
Dear Sir: On my return to the city I
find that during my absence and without
authority from me my name was in
scribed upon a banner or ribbon attached
to a basket of flowers Bent by the board
of governors of the Democratic Club to
Richard Croker on his departure for
Europe. In acting as a member of the
board it was not my intention to place my
name at the disposal of any one without
my consent, and I hereby tender my res
ignation as a member of the board of
governors of the Democratic Club. Very
truly yours, PERRY BELMONT."
Builders of Line From Salt I*ake to
Los Angeles Hold a Con
ference.
SALT LAKE, Nov. 21.— The promoters
of the Los Angeles and Salt Lake Rail
road arrived in this city this afternoon
and are In conference, arranging the de
tails of the enterprise. The Incorpora
tion papers have been' drawn up and will
be filed within a few days. when these
details are arranged active operations will
begin on the construction of the road.
Among those taking part In the con
ference aro: Senator Clark and J. Ross
Clark of Montana: R. C. Kerens, S. A.
Bemls, . George B. Lelghton. Charles A.
Clark and R. C. Kerens Jr.. St. Louis; "W.
B. Clark. Kansas City: Perry S. Heath.
"Washington: T. E. Gibbons, Los Anseles;
Thomas Kearns. David Lelth and C. O.
Whittemore of Salt Lake.
CANADIANS MOURN
THE LOSS OF GOLD
Major Portion of Output of the
Klondike Is Carried Into the
United States.
WASHINGTON. Nov. 21.— There Is con
siderable dissatisfaction In Canada over
the fact that practically all the gold that
is produced In the Klondike and in other
British-American territory comes into the
United States.
OPENING OF NATIONAL
IRRIGATION CONGRESS
The returns of the director of the mint
show that the deposits of gold at the
assay office in Seattle from July 1 to
November 1 of this year amounted to $19.
827.000. For. the fiscal year which. ended
June 30 the deposits were $13,630,125 and
for the previous year $6,504,952. This shows
a rapid rate. of increase and a movement
Is on foot In Canada to have part of this
gold . at - least stopped ¦ on the . Canadian
side: Efforts are being made to have a
mint established at some point In British
territory where gold can be received and
coined.' •
the West.
Reclaiming Arid Lands of
Speakers !Lay Stress ; on i Necessity of
CHICAGO, Nov. 21.— The ninth annual
session of. " the National Irrigation Con-
press opened to-night under the most
auspicious circumstances. The congress
was called to order at Central Music Hall
by the president, Elwood Meade of Chey
enne, wyo., who introduced Dr. Howard
S. Taylor to welcome the body to Chi
cago. Dr. Taylor made a long spe*»ch on
the objections to expansion In the Philip
pines in order to justify a briefer state
ment that no one would object to enlargo
the country by reclaiming the arid lands
of the "West.
The president next Introduced George
H. Maxwell, chairman of the executive
committee, who delivered a response to
Dr. Taylor's welcome. Mr. Maxwell was
followed by President Meade himself, who
made an additional response.
TRAFFIC DELAYED
BY MANY WASHOUTS
Santa Pe and Southern Pacific
Trains Are at a Standstill in
the South.
I/OS ANGELES, Nov. 21.— Last nitrht
trafflo on both the Santa Fe and South
ern Pacific was completely suspended,
and not since the great flood of 1SS3 has
train service been so badly crippled. A
score of washouts are reported on both
roads, and rain has so softened the road
beds that engineers refuse to take out
their trains where running Is possible for
fear of serious accidents. There have
been no trains out of Los Angeles dnco
this morning that wero able to reach a
point more than fifty miles away.
Dangerous washouts are reported be
tween San Fernando and Newhall and
another near Covlna. on the Southcr.i
Pacific, while the Santa Fe will suffer
still more severely in Cajon Pass and fit
several other points along the line. Tho
Sunset Limited eastbound Is sidetracked
at Pomona and the overland due from
San Francisco at noon is lyin? in two
sections, one at Newhall and one at Sau
trus. The Redlanda local is stuck at San
DIrnas and the Riverside locaj Is at San
Gabriel unable to proceed. The west
bound local on the Santa Fe from River-
Bide is at Laroanda Park.
Ij'UNDS FOR REU3SP OP
GAIiVESTON ORPHANS
resenting Proceeds of a Charity
Bazaar.
Check Mailed to Governor Sayers Rep-
NEW YORK, Nov. 21.— A check for J30.
000 was mailed last night to Governor Jo
seph D. Sayers of Texas to be applied to
th© aid of the children who lost their pa
rents in the September storm wnfen de
vastated Galveston. It represents the pro
ceeds of the Galveston orphans &"aar
held here and the gift of friends of ths
sufferers from the disaster.
WARCLOUD HOVERS
OVER SAUSALITO
Hill Tribes Bring Down Ihe
Wrath of Yachtsmen on
Their Heads.
To the eye of the ordinary observer no
l>lace could well be quieter or more peace
lul than the pretty town cf Sausalito,
jies-tlirg amid trees and lapped by the
gentle waves of the bay. But appearances
are deceitful. War, internecine and bit
ter, threatens to break forth and ravage
the smiling hamlet. There has ever been
a coolness between the dwellers on the hill
end the denizens cf the water front, the
Jorintr being suspected of regarding the
latter as coming not quite up to their
liigh social standard. But ordinarily the
hill tribes go their way and the dwellers
en the shore go theirs. But now and then
Bomething occurs to fan the smoldering
hostility into a blaze. The proximate
cause of the present trouble is the pres
tnce in Sausalito waters of two vessels
belonging to the United States Govern
ment — the torpedo-boat destroyer Farra-
EUt and the Fish Commission ship Alba
tross. These craft recently dropped an
chor off Sausalito, where their officers
have been made welcome to the homes of
the dwellers on the hill, who, desiring to
tee their charming visitors as often and
t.s early as possible, are planning to have
the chips anchored closer inshore. At
present the vesscis are about two hundred
jards off ehore and perhaps a quarter of
a mile from the houses on the Hill. Two
hundred yards does net seem a very gTeat
distance ior a «eam launch or a rowooat,
liut four hundred is pt-rhaps a little too
tax lor WignagKing with a white hand
ktrchlef. Ho tne Sausalito friends of the
officers are planning to get the vessels
etiil nearer, and to this end the yachts
men of the San Francisco Yacht Club
have been directed to take up their moor
ings to make room for the Government
vessels. It is even said that authority to
comixl the yachtsmen to pull up tho
blocks of concrt- to. masses of railroad iron
or » segregations of carwheels, anchors and
cables that 6trve to hold their yachts has
been procured from the national capital.
The yachtsmen solemnly ewear that
they will not etir a finger to haul these
•unwieldy masses to the surface, as it
would be necessary to store them during
the winter and to put them out again
next spring. The yachtsmen consider they
are entitled to a mooring ground near the
clubhouse, and that they ought not to be
put to unnecessary expense and incon
venience to gratify the fancies of a few
residents eager to curry favor with brass
buttoned servants of the people. They
Fay tnat the people who want the moor
ings taken up can go and hire a derrick
and haul them up. It is not yet certain
to what length the quarrel will go, but
the yachtsmen are expressing their opin
ion of the others in language that is more
picturesque than quotable, and the others
nrc paid to be sparing no effort to accom
plish th*-!r purpose.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call.
1118 Broadway, Nov. 2L
Professor E. A. Ross of Stanford Uni
versity" addressed a large audience this
evening at tho Unitarian Church, his sub
ject being "The Engksh Nation." Th«
proceeds of the lecture were for. the bene
ilt of the Sunday-school section of the
church.
Professor Ross devoted a good part of
his discourse to a prophesy of England's
future, but made no reference to his re
cent experiences. He said:
"The British Empire will pass through
a dangerous crisis during the next twenty
years. Upon her conduct during that
time will altogether depend her future in
tegrity as a nation. I have no doubt but
that if properly managed the colonies of
the empire would coalesce and rally . to
her standard. In order to maintain the
empire the central power must be main
tained at all hazards. I do not think that
there is a possibility of war between the
United States and England. If one should
occur the British foothold .would be lost
forever on the Western continent.
"England has much more to fear from
Russia than any other European nation.
Bhe will have a struggle to maintain her
place in Asia, with the encroachments of
the Czar's Government. The only other
thing to be feared Is a coalition of Euro
pean nations. France hates England
more than she does Germany now. Ger
many's attitude Is hostile. England real
izes that she must maintain an enormous
navy, but there Is one thing to be noted —
she makes more enemies than she does
battleships. In case of war it would take
all her navy to keep the coasts clear so
that brfadstuffs could be got to the peo
ple. The island is an Impregnable fort
ress, but war would soon reduce her peo
ple to a state of starvation because the
island is not self-sustaining."
Professor Ross Declares
British Empire Menaced
on All Sides.
SAYS ENGLAND
FACES A CRISIS
BERKELEY, Nov. 21.-Bottles contain
ing all sorts of alcohalic liquors wero
passed around to the jurymen and wit
nesses by the attorneys for the defense in
the Chris Cole trial this afternoon. Tho
liquors were sampled by the jurymen and
a verdict of not guilty was rendered.
Cole was on trial on a charge of vio
lating the anti-saloon ordinance. Tho
prosecution introduced practically the
same evidence as in the Mary Thompson
trial, where the jury disagreed. But half
an hour's deliberation was required to ac
quit Cole.
The trial was commenced last night at
7 o'clock. Attorney A. L.. Frick. for the
defense, objected to proceeding, claiming
that the court was violating the Penal
Code by peremptorily setting the case
without giving the defense two days In
which to plead. His objections were over
ruled. A change of venue was asked,
prejudice on the part cf the court being
alleged, but the request was 'denied.
The selection of the jury took several
hours, court adjourning at nearly mid
night. Only nine men were secured, but
both sides agreed to submit the case to
that number. The jurors were William
Rowe. H. Nolle, E. Newell. John Vasey,
Henry Peterson. Henry Marcos, Montie
Went worth, Ernest Niehaus and Paul
NIckelmnn.
H. A. Johnson, the first witness for tho
defense, testified that on November 8 he
presented a half-pint bottle to Cole and
asked that it be filled with whisky. Cole
filled it with some liquid which Johnson
refused to swear was whisky. A. L.
Woodward, who said he was with Johnson
at the time, gave very much the same
testimony.
While Johnson was on the stand the
defense produced several bottles of dif
ferent alcoholic drinks and endeavored to
g«t him to identify thcro. Thjs Johnson
could not do. The bottles were then
passed to the jury and freely sampled.
Cole was put on the stand and denied that
he had sold alcoholic liquor to Johnson.
Verdict of Not Guilty in
an Anti-Saloon
Trial.
JURY SAMPLES
STRONG LIQUORS
TO SETTLE MATTER OF
FRENCH FIELD GUN
Secretary Root Will Be Asked to
Make a Thorough Investi
gation.
WASHINGTON. Nov. 21.— Secretary
Root will be asked ufion his return to
Washington to take action to locate and
punish the person responsible for the pub
lication of information that the United
States has obtained possession of the se
crets of the French fleld gun.
Lieutenant General Miles, who Is acting
as Secretary of War, has determined to
let the matter rest with the reply of Gen
eral Burlington until Mr. Root resumes
duty at the War Department. It is stated
positively, however, that the general Is
determined to do all in his power to pre
vent the publication of further informa
tion regarding the action of the board of
ordnance ana fortifications. The Presi
dent and members of the Cabinet regret
that the investigation was commenced, as
It is said it gave rise to a great deal of
unnecessary talk and placed the United
States In a bad light In the eyes of Eu
rope. The belief is expressed by persons
close to the President that the matter
will be allowed to' drop entirely.
TWO MEN KTLLED BY
EXPLOSION OF DYNAMITE
Fatal Accident at a Grading Camp on
the Line of the Union
Pacific.
CHEYENNE, Wyo., Nov. 21.-Georg»
Sanders and Patrick McCue were killed
and a number of other men seriously In
jured by the explosion of dynamite at
Elmore's grading camp on the Sherman
Hill cut-oft of the Union Pacific yester
day. None of the injured will die.
Sanders and McCue wero thawing sticks
of dynamite around a campfire when the
stuff exploded. Sanders was blown to
pieces and bits of his flesh were scattered
in all directions. McCue's face was torn
away and he received internal injuries.
The explosion tore a big hole In the
ground and flying rocks did much dam
age.
/^^HE great society event of the
r ~^7~~\ — month will take place Satur
fl I day in the maple room of the
(V I Palace Hotel. It is something
\J**— 1"7 novel and Is known as "A
¦ v — -' Nursery Levee." It will be
given by the ladies composing
the board of managers of the San Fran
cisco Nursery for Homeless Children.
It Is drawing toward Christmas-tide and
the society appreciates the fact that it
will be called upon to do everything pos
sible to lighten the hearts of the little
waifs in this season of the year. The
good ladies want the children to have ;
everything possible to make them feel
that Santa Claus is here. After due con
sideration it was decided to give the affair
that takes place Saturday 'and no efforts
have been spared to make the event a
great success.
One of the features of the "nursery
levee" will be a doll both that will be pre
sided over by Mrs. W. S. Leake. Every
conceivable style of doll will be offered
for sale. There are tho' baby dolls with
dainty lawn dresses; the Rough Riders in
the warlike khaki suits; the Scotch lads
and lassies in every conceivable plaid,
and last and yet not least, swell Indian
lady dolls in correct costume, even down
to the long plaited black hair and their
little feet incased. In real moccasins. Thl3
will be a grand chance for mothers to buy
their Christmas presents for the little
ones. The prices for the dolls will be
most reasonable and yet at the same time
the prospective purchaser can feel that,
besides purchasing from a stock of the
most \ varied collection of dolls ever -of-
their many gorjreotis hues.
Mrs. C. Mason Kinne has the flelljrht nf
the children, the grabbag. -where the lit
tle ones can delve for mysterious paclc
ages: Mrs. S. B. Mclvenegan. Mrs. Guy
E. Manning and Mrs. H. E. Osborns. th!
candy table, where home-made sweet*
will allure you: Mrs. James Elder »jlve.-»
one the chances of wlnninsr an ord?r fr>r
a handsome tailor-made gown or a pictures
by Mrs. Alice Chittenden for a mere
trifle.
Mrs. W. E. Jackson, with th© assist
ance of some charming girls, will aaystlfy
you -with their glimpses into the pasc and
future.
The "nursery" is such a worthy charity
and the members have worked so hard
to care for the littia ones under their
care that they hope to maie a success of
this "levee" and see their friends on the
afternoon and evening of November 2S.
The board of managers consists of these
Mrs. J. "W. Ttnr. president; Mrs. J. Berts,
first rie» president; Mrs. James Elder, second
vie* Drwldent; Mis» S. E. Cowell. third vice
president; Mrs S. B. MoLenesran. treasurer:
Miss C. V. Truslow, conrspondlnr secretary;
Mrs "W. E. Jackaon, recording secretary. Mrs.
W. B. Leake. Mrs. trimam Hollis. Mxs^E. F.
Preston. Mrs. H. E. Osborne, Mrs. Wi am
Kranfc Mrs. Guy E. Manning. Mrs. William
Thomas. Mrs. M. H. Hecht, Mm C. M. Kinne.
Mrs. R. H. Countryman, Mrs. F. V. Wright,
Mrs. A. H. Martin, Mrs J. U Oould. Mrs. O.
B Burns and Mrs. Albert Dernham.
The price of admission to the musical
feast has been placed at the low Hgure or
50 cents. The afternoon programme will
commence at 2 o'clock, the evening enter
tainment -will open at 8 and carriages
should be ordered for 12 o'clock.
fered for Bale In this city, they will bo
helping the good cause of charity. Mrs.
Leake will be assisted In her booth by
Mrs. Kleanor Humphreys, Mlsa Mamie C.
Harriett. Miss Georgie Spieker and Miss
Bessie Gowan.
Such well-known musical talent as Mra.
Walter Longbottom and Miss Mary Chea
ter "Williams, contralto and soprano, re
spectively, will" sing. Miss Freeman,
violinist, and Miss Bessie Ames, 'cellist,
will render instrumental selections. Miss
KHnk. a very clever elocutionist, will ap
pear and George McBride. the handsome
young basso, will delight the audiences.
During the afternoon there will be a
song and dance by tiny Harold Borchers
In costume, a piano solo bv Miss Rose
Waif and music by the Fuhrur family.
A sale of beautiful articles collected by
the members of the board will take place.
Mrs. William Thomas and Mrs. E. P.
Preston have collected some wonderful
pieces of old china, brasses and dainty
frames.
Mrs. R. H. Countryman and Mrs. J. L,.
Gould have the articles dear to women's
hearts in the way of cushions, fancy linen
work and pretty trifles, all so useful for
gifts for Christmas.
Mrs. William Hollls. Mra. J. Berts and
Mrs. William Frank have the apron table,
which runs the gamut from the prettiest
of irou frous to the most sensible of
aprons.
Miss C. V. Truslow will with her charm
ing assistants quench your thirst with
lemonade of the bes» and Mrs. A. H.
Martin and Mrs. Albert Dernham will
give you delicious icecream.
Mrs. F. V. Wright has the most attrac
tive of tables, that of the flowers, with
Mission ask for contributions for their
annual Thanksgiving day gifts to the poor
and sick. Persons desiring to give may
send their contributions to the head
quarters of the mission, G31 Sutter street,
which will be open Tuesday, Wednesday
and Thursday of next week for the re
ception of such offerings. The society pre
fers that contributions be sent to the
headquarters, but in cases where they
cannot be delivered they will be sent for
if the address is forwarded to 631 Sutter
street.
The Fruit and Flower Mission has 200
families on its list, including 800 persons.
It Is one of the best known charitable or
ganizations of the city. Articles most
needed for its distribution are money,
groceries, whisky, port, sherry, drugs,
bread, pies, cakes, poultry, eggs, vege
tables, jellies and fruits.
TWO DOLI^S AND A YOUNG
MISS WHO WILL WATCH
OVER THEM.
Ladies of ihe GKvjrcK of the /}dv>er\t Will Operv a Fairy Bazaar
With Mar\\j Forms of Lr\tertair\rr\er\t for Visitors.
CONTBIBUTIOKS ASKED
FOR SICK AND NEEDY
S -^HE dolls will hold a rei?ular
r 17~\ — beauty show this aflornoon
li I and evening, and again to-
IV 1 . morrow, at the bazaar to be
\^-- L y held at Golden Gate Hall. 625
Sutler Ptrpot. by the ladies of
the Ch-jrch of the Advent.
Mrs. Cnlnrel F. M. Coxe and Mrs. Lyman
Welch nre the mn irons at the booth
xihriv th<» lady Lilliputians will be on ex
hibition, while the Misses Coxe. Mis?
llaude Jackson. Miss Ricord and Miss
Grace Knowlton are the assistants.
In the afternoon and eveninp entertain
ments, ¦which v-"ill b«» continuous and <31
vorslflw!, Mrs. Arthur W. Cornwall will
five valuable assistance; Mrs. J. M. Me*
Orcre. the vocaliFt. and Henry
TVr>ncJ Brown, the barytr»r>e. will pin*;
iliss Alma llypr, the pianists, will ar*
p^ar, the Spadina sisters*, vooal'sts. will
pA<* pomp numbers, and Oorc» H;>.rr.nier
f-mith's capital «-haract' r sk«?teht j s will
Hrrrus<? tiie visitors.
Within a »»»n; on Oriental Ftreet. trieht
ly adorr.rd with Chim se traprinirp ot all
BOrt«;*Mr*. Susan Ixkj^'.v will s've. in
costume, some of the charming Chlnwe
fnrcs and <3f>:irf<= with which she bap '!<*
llghted the la.iies of h.r own and sisur
< lub«. but which have never before been
gives for the 'K'b'.ir.
At Mr* Stuart Ald'i.'h> flower booth
will be found Mrs. Mxthrr ;<nd MIbs^
lAae, Reid. \Ve«ks anJ Henrietta Moi
latt.
The refreshment booth, to which *pe<iai
care has teen siren: will b«» raatnwed/nr
Mrs. S. L. Theller. assists by ..Irs.
Oecrpe fl Sr.eath and Mrs Thaler Jr.:
ih<» younc la.Mfs aro Misses Kountree,
barker, Giffstins. Hyd« nr.'I Uom^r.
Fweets of all sorts will »>«• soid nt a
t>or>th where Mrs. A. C. AJken rrc-s:des
end Mrs. Crux und Misses V;»n Wyck and
Jlfirrlow assist.
Rich fccl*>sia<=t«cal f mbrofderies are to
Y* d'.splavcd ani sold «t ft tab;** in charge
rf Mrs/ Mansfield. Mrs. Blossom. Mrs.
Eagle. • Mrs. Wlnterbourne and Mrs.
] -rewfr. .
Here are somt of Vie nlaom to choose
Christmas nift-: Mrs. Harker s big col
lertlon of lnvitine pIlJoww: Mrs. Stellar s
tahle of fancy articles; Mrs. Hasten a
amateur but irall stocked "procrry shop';
M'ss Fkr-al's oTAV.cc treeJ whose fruit is
fined with pn/.r* ar.d t-urpris«es: the Rus
sian booth, where quaint silver ikons,
cropsrs and r'!i?io;;s pictures and em-
Mfms are s«ld by Misses Vr.nderlin. Da
lorzo ar.d Sheridan; the table of articles
"handy to hare about the house." presid
ed over by Mr?. i><idce and Mrs. Morgan.
Lovers of th<? dance should not forget
that a good orchestra will play for them
in the erenlnss, and the mandolin club
j.lays afternoons.
The ¦women of the Fruit and Flower
James R. Hull, the young newspaper
man whose good work , as assistant to
John F. Bass, The Call-Herald corre
ppondent in China, was an important fac
tor In Bass' feat of getting to New York
the first news of the fall of Peking, ar
rived on the Logan Friday and Is now at
the Palace Hotel. He brought with him
from China a number of valuable relics
from the Forbidden City, among them
KiianR Hsu's jatle penholder, secured from
the Temple of Kternal Peace, and two
yellow jackets worn by the Emperor.
Bass and Hull were with the Japanese
troops and entered Poking with them at
daylight of August 15 under a heavy lire.
Whon they reached the legations they
found that the other correspondents, en
tering with the Knglish troops the pre
vious evening, had sent their dispatches
off by couriers six hours before. Bass
wrote a dispatch of 300 words and Hull
started with It for Tungchow, mounted on
a Chinese pony.
The military telegraph line had been
strung as far as Tungchow, seventeen
miles from Peking. Hull's ride against
time was an adventurous one. He started
out on the imperial highway, and three
miles from Peking he was fired upon by a
band of Boxers. Leaving the highway, he
struck through cornfields to the road built
by the Russians, but shortly met another
band of Boxers. He saw he would have
to run for It. and spurring his pony Into
its full speed he passed the enemy un
harmed. Soon after he saw a troop of
Chinese cavalry on a ridge somewhat in
his rear, the officer in command watching
him with a field glass. A little later he
came upon a Russian convoy and, of
course, was then safe from attack.
Hull hastened on to Tungchow, reach
ing it at 11 o'clock in a driving rain. He
found Lieutenant Hastings of the Ameri
can Signal Corps, but he refused to take
Bass' dispatch for transmission over the
military wire, as it lacked the signature
of a staff officer. By dint of persuasion,
however, the officer finally agreed to take
it, and as early as possible the next morn
ing he went to Matao, the suburb where
the telegraph line terminated, and put
Bass' dispatch on the wire first.
The message reached Emans, the Call-
Ilerald representative at Tientsin, and ho
sent it by courier to Taku and thence by
dispatch boat to Chefu, and ffom there
to Warner, the Call-Herald man at
Shanghai, by cable. Warner cabled it to
Bennett at Paris, and it reached New
York and was published In time to be
cabled to London as the first authentic
news of the relief of the legations.
Hull has spent three eventful years in
newspaper work in the Orient. He was
with MacArthui on his march from Tar
lac to Dagupan. with General Schwan In
his trip through the southern provinces of
Luzon, and with the Macabebe scouts in
the campaign in the mountains of Ben
euet. *.
Correspondent Here Who Did
Good Work With John
F. Bass
•
James B. Hull's Eventful Bide From
Forbidden City to Tungchow
With Call-Herald XKs-
CARRIED NEWS
OUT OF PEKING
DAINTY DOLLS WILL EXHIBIT
THEIR CHARMS FOR CHARITY
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, NOVEMBER 22, 1900.
Nursery Levtee Jakes place irv the Maple Room of the palace
Saturday- — Doll Booth Will Be a Leading Feature.
SOCIETY WILL ENTERTAIN
FOR HOMELESS CHILDREN
TWO PROMINENT SOCIETY YOUNG LADIES WHO WILL. ASSIST IN THE DOLL. BOOTH AT THE NURSERY
LEVEE ON SATURDAY, AND A PROMINENT THOUGH JUVENILE AMATEUR WHO IS DOWN ON THE
PROGRAMME FOR A CAKEWALK SPECIALTY.
Kail way Award Paid.
HOTEIi ARRIVALS.
9
Pears'
What is wanted of soap
for the skin is to wash it
clean and not hurt it.
Pure soap does that. This
is why we want pure soap;
and when we say pure,
we mean without alkali. .
Pears' is pure; no free
alkali. There are a thou-
sand virtues of soap; this
one Is enough. You can
trust a soap that has no
biting alkali in it.
All sorts of 6teres sell it, especially
druggists; all sorts of people use it
A T1 VERTIS&MKN TS>
Cures Blood Poison
A Trial Treatment Sent Fretf to All
Who Suffer From Any Stage
of the Disease.
Cures Cases That Hot Springs and
All Other Treatments Failed
to Even Help.
There has been discovered by th# Stats
Medical Institute. SOS Elektron trulldlnff. For*
Wayne, Ind., the most remarkable Blood Poison
cure ever beard ef. It has enred all inch in*
dicatlons as mucous patches In the mouth,
¦ore throat, copper colored apota. chancres.
ulceratlons et the body, and In hundreds of
cases where the hair and eyebrows bad fallen
out and the whole skin was a mass of bolls.
pimples and ulcers this wonderful speciflo has
completely chanced the whola body Into a
clean, perfect condition ot physical health.
Every railroad running into Fort Wayne brings
¦cores of sufferers seeking this new and marvel,
ous cure, and to enable those who cannot travel
to realize what a truly marvelous work the In-
stitute Is accomplishing they will send free to
every sufferer a free trial treatment, *o that
every on» can cure themselves In th* privacy
of their own home. This Is the only known
cure for Blood Poison. Do not hesitate to
writ* at one* and th* fre* trial will fc» mi
sealed tn plain package.THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAT, NOYEMBER 22, 1900.
10
SA_?T KRAJfCISCO CAX.I-.
BUSINESS OFFICE of The Ban Francleco
Cell, corner cf Market and Third Btrerti; open
i:ntll 12 o'clock every n^ht In the year.
BRANCH OFFICES— £27 Montgomery street,
comer Clay; open until S:30 p. m.
SCO Hayes etrect ; open until 9:80 p- ra.
C35 MeAHIster Ftreet; cpen until 9:30 p. ta.
€15 Larkln street ; cpen until 8:30 p. m.
1?41 Mission street: open until 10 p. m.
2261 Market street, corner Sixteenth; cpen
until 8 p. ra.
106 Eleventh street : cpen until 8 p. m.
1^96 Valencia ftreet: open until • p. ta.
jCuiJiant corner Twenty-second and Ken-
tucky str— ets; c.-*n until 9 p. to.
MCETIXG NOTICES.
A REGULAR meeting of San <-j r>
Francisco Consistory No. 1. __vV i aflt>_\
A aa.1 A.. Scottts!-. Hit* of (C^££i^&V\
Freemasonry, will l>e held in rl^siAiWiiiy
Commandery Hall. Masonic tjT cY? • Vi
Temple. on THURSDAY W^/^L-Jl
EVENING. November 22. 1800. -O». 1 jMfJ-fr-
at 7:45 o'clock.
HENRT Bl'KXE^R^littJ ____________
A REGULAR meeting of Yerba Buena
Lodge cf Perfection No. 1, A. and jr
A.. Scottish Rite of Freemasonry, A
will be held In Commandery HalL _K>V.
Masonic Temple, on THURSDAY <**»
EVENING. November _. 1900. at 8 o'clock.
Degrees 11, II and 12.
HEXRY BURNER. Secretary.
CALIFORNIA Lodpe No. 1, F. and A. •
M.. will meet THIS CTHURfiDAY) _JT\^
EVENING. November -"-, at ~' z^/%^\
o'clock. First degree. By order of the ' ~ r '
Master. FBAKKX I X H. DAY, Sec.
MISSION Chart"- N"° W, R. A. M.-> #_
Pr-e<"iaJ meetlnp THIS cTHURSDAY) _/\_
EVENING, 7:'M o'clook. P. M. and JCJ\
M. E. M. depress. By order of the '
H. T. JNO. R. H1LLMAX, Secretary.
FIDELITY Lodge No. 110. F. and A. m
M— Spwial m«*::nir THIS <THCRS-_fV_
DAY) EVENING, at 7 o'clock. Third Ttjr
d^srr*. Masicr Mspons cordially in- » tf '
vjted. By order of the W. M.
FREDERICK BARRY. Secretary.
DORIC Lodge No. 136. F. und A. M.— m
f>pf-ia.\ marine THIS iTHURSDAT)_%
EVENING, at 7:^> o'clock. Third de- /t3v
fiet. Mastfr Mx?or.s are Invited. By'^r '
order cf the Master.
J. R. GOLDSMITH. Secretary.
YEIlBA BUENA Lodce No. 15. I. e&g^A.
• ' '• F. Notr.inatli n of ..f:i-ers ;= Vt2*2'X§5 ;
lor enFulng term THIS EVEN- "-^J^-ts^r
ING, Nov. 22, at S o'clock. *%»»«¦
JOHN A. CHLPON. N. G. Pro Tern.
r R ANCO-A MEIUCA N Lodse No. <?_^_2-«.
237, I. O. O. F. — OriirerB and a^y*jjggg.
mfn-.hers are requested to attend
nicr.in? THURSDAY EVENING. "v/W~
at fc o'clock; nomination of o!flctrs for eosu-
tsc torn. T. OOl-RFIXOUX. N. O.
A. W&OX AVJIAD©r. Secretary.
THE. San Francisco Scottish Thistle v %? &.
f'Sub :¦ ¦¦•••:» THIS (THURSDAY) 4V, _«J7
EVENING. Fraternity Hall. 22 TkXjRc
O'Farrell j=t.. at S o'clock. Nomlna-
tion «f officers, fmoker follows.
JOHN ROS3. Royal Chief.
GECKGE "W. PATERSON. Recorder.
mombfrs of -.h* 1 Society _^1't£uJ V'* ffyjAj^SV
cf California Pioneers. SfflWaGSaiilM
ir.g that will be hell at ja " r HHL-ir
rion~*r Hall on FRIDAY. November 23. 19W.
at 3:30 p. m.. for the purpose of onra^izfng
* MBS. FLORENCE E. TEMPX.EMAN.
MRS. MAIIY V. GURNETT.
THE California Debris Commission, having re-
ceived applications to mine by the hydrau-
lic process from F. D. Soward et al.. In the
Vndlw ard May Day placer mines, consoli-
dated, nrar Gold Lake. Sierra County, to de-
porlt tailing" In a worked-out pit; from Mrs.
Annie E. Jor.es, In x.h- Nugget plaoer mine.
near Johnsv jllr-. I';unftir« County, to deposit
Tailing* In Hopktr.s Creek; from C. D. Ilaz-
=artJ, in the Plumas Imperial Mine No. 2,
ne«r Quincy, 1'lumas County, to deposit tall-
ir.jr* In Slate Or***; from David Corbett. In
the Gold«-n Gate M^n*. near Glbsonvllle, Sier-
ra County, to <J»-po€it tailings In Wisconsin
ravine, ar.1 from Charles Schneider, In the
American Mine, near Spanish Ranch, Plumas
County, to dejo^it tailing* in a ravine, given
notice that a rr.«"t!rs will be held at room
V>, Fl<v>d r-uildlnr. San Francisco. Cal.. on
De-ember 2. 15>0?. at l:S0 p. m.
ANNUAL HEETIKO— TtM regular annual
meetlr.g <-.; the ptockholders of the Paauhau
Purar Plantation Corr.jatiy will be held at
rhe cff.ee cf the company. No. S27 Market St..
Tan Francisco. Cai.. on SATURDAY, the 1st
rtav cf December, DM. at the hour of 11
o'clock a. m.. for the r"rpese of electing a
board cf directors to rerve for the ensuing?
yecr end the transaction of such other busl-
n«-s rm may f-cme befor* the meeting. Trans-
fer bookz will clo«» on TUESDAY. November
tX 1SCC. at I oclo-k r.. m.
E. II. SftELDOX. Secretary.
ALL can borrow mcr»» on oilks. oil paintings
and burries from COLLATERAL BANK. 15
<>arit ave.. ne«r Market et.
AGEVTS W.iSTED.
T~TO or 3 good ad. solicitors; male cr female;
holiday edition: rood com. Apply HOOVER
II all. Tenth ar.<*. Market, rm. 1; 4-6 p. m.
AGENTS — Do you want something more proflt-
«l>Ie _nd ea!>trr to sell than books or lnsur-
»r.ce? Add. F. PHRSON. r. 41?. Parrott bldg.
ASrHAl/riM ROOFING.
J. PELTIER, asphalt roofing, sidewalks r»-
ratrert: po*ta1. 11M Mirslon: tel. Folsom 1C07.
ASTROLOGY.
tR. C. TODEXT TAYLOR. Scientific Astfoio-
r»r— Free copy "Th» New Moon," 765 Market.
ATTORNEYS AT LAW.
R. W. KINO. S27 Market *t., Cth floor, room 627
— Estate*, damages, attachments, bankruptcy,
col'.ectiore; all cases; fair fees; no advance
charges; loans on estates. Tel. Howard iJ37.
ADVICE free; divorce law a specialty; private;
no fee without pucrejs; collections. G. W.
HOWE, etty at law. 650 Market, cor. Stockton.
I. EDW. JAKRETT. Hearst bldg.. Third and
Market sts.; phcr.e Red C2C2.
AOVICK free: r.o charge unless successful. W.
W. Dsvidfcn. 817 Market et.. opp. Mason.
_. 6. CLARK. Emma fipreckels bldg.. S27 Mar-
ket et.; consultation free; no fees In advance.
A WEEK'S news for Z cer.ts— The Weekly Call,
18 page*. In wrapper, for mailing, Jl per year.
DAT1I CAUIVBTS.
ROBINSON. Niagara. Perfection and others. W.
S. BROWN CO.. agency. 426 Ellis St.. S. F.
II1C1CL.KS- -Kar >nl<- or Gxchange.
HOARDING FOR CHILDREN.
GOOD home for two cbi'drea: room for parent.
£1» Shipley et.
TRIVATn family would like to board a child.
COS Jones st. -
BISI\E"S CHANCES.
A— 12000 ; RESTAURANT and coffer parlor on
Kearny et., near Chronicle building; rent $125;
business clearning $200 and above per month;
owner engared othtr» rise; compelled to cacri-
f-ce. Call R. O. WILICE. 26^i Kearny et.
A-J3000; CORNER liquor bar; established 43
years; located rear Chronicle building; II
years' lease; dally receipts about S00; one of
the best paying bar- In this city. Particular*
R. G. WILKE. Zf-i Kearny st.
A— CORNER butcher shop on Howard at.; do-
ing a Crst-claes paying cash business: must
eell at once; owner going In cattle buying.
R. O. WILKE. 26»> Kearny st.
J500— LADY partner wanted. German preferred,
with best references. In a large paying busi-
ness established for many yean. Particulars
call R. O. WILKE. 26Vj Kearny et.
A— $150; SHOEMAKER repairing shop on Third
rt., doing from 125 to $50 work every week; a
rare chance. Call R. G. WILKE. 26H Kearny.
A — $3500; WINE and liquor saloon doing a
splenCld business; established S year*;
cboteeA location on Market ft.; rent $100;
long lease. Call R. G. WILKE. 26H Kearay.
A— $2500; CLEANING. dyMng works and reno-
vating of rents' clothing; established for
many years; a clear monthly profit of tXO
guaranteed; knowledge of business not neces-
sary; a rare chance, but must be taken at
one. Call R. G. WILKE. 26V4^ Kearny st.
A— $5000; HOTEL with 17 rooms, dining-room
and bar; rent $ISC; located 1 block from Call
building; established years: known as the
best-paying second-class hotel In this city;
investigate and you will find a splendid busi-
ness. R. G. WILKE. S6>i Kearny st.
A— $400: BUTCHER ehep en Valencia et.;
monthly receipts about $1300; selling 4 cat-
tle per week; low rent; owner engaged other-
wise; must sell at once. It. G. WILKE, 26 Y t
Kearny st.
A— $1200; BAKERY, corner. In Western Add.;
f*tab. many years; 4 horses, wagon, etc.; bak-
Uig 4 barrels per day; 6 living rooms, bath;
rent, $50; 5 years' lease; death of owner cause
cf sale. R, G. WILKE, 26% Kearny et.
RESTAURANT; adjolr.lr.g~a car house; fine
opening for a man and wife or 3 ladies ;money
maker; low rent; lease: good reasons for seJl-
Jng; sacrifice; $T00. SCHWEINHARD & CO..
m Market ct.. bet. Fifth and Slith.
A— $4000; BREWERY and bottling worki; own-
er has other business; cannot attend to both;
¦ will cell fcalf or whole. See owner. 60S Battery.
ntrsrsTEss chances — continued.
A— $600; FINE candy store In rplendld Tocatlon;
nicely furnished; cheap rent; clears $125 per
month; great bargain. LANE & CO., S65 Mkt
PARTNER wanted in an established business,
clearing- $75 mo. each; light work: short hours;
no exper. required. LANE 4; CO.. 863 Market.
RESTAURANT; nice place for man and wife;
receipts 115 a day; low rent; see this at once;
snap; only $225. LANE & CO.. S65 Market st.
JSOO— RESTAURANT; near Market; clearing $200
mo. ; party 3 years In place. BASILE. 3 Eddy.
PUBLIC Administrator's sale— Sealed bids will
be received at my office, 23S Montgomery st.,
for the grocery and bar corner of Folsom
and Juplrer ets. belonging to the estate of
EDWARD GORMAN. Bids will be received
up to 12 o'clock noon, Nov. 26, 1900. A cash
deposit of $50 required with each bid. Store
now open for Inspection. P. BOLAND, Pub-
lic Administrator.
WANTED — By an enenretlc experienced woman,
a large furnished rooming house, with view
of purchasing. Box 374, Call offlce.
5600— CORNER saloon; old established business;
on principle street south of Market; sunny
living roome. Apply box 375, Call office.
RELIABLE party with limited capital wishes
to Invest In a good business; no agents. F.
T.. box 377. Call offlce.
TRANSFER corner grocery and- bar: elegant
Etock and fixtures; big bargain. Particulars
at 215 Tenth Et.
A— PARTNER wanted with $500; $60 month
guaranteed. Room 3, 719 Market st.
WANTED — Man and wife to run a country
hotel. Address 235 Third st
A SALOON with 8 rooms, also bar and fix-
tures; 2 blocks from Call building: north of
Market: leasons departure for the East Call
for p— rtlculars at E. BLUMENTHAL & CO..
63S and <XQ Mission st-
QUARTZ Gulch. Blue Stone Mining District.
Alaska: fraction 400 feet. $25OD; $250 down, bal-
ance payable 15th of July at Teller City:
title perfect; no bumbug. Address box
125. Call office.
$75; PARTNER In restaurant in Oakland;
good chance for man with small capital.
Address E. W.. 417 Seventh ft.. Oakland.
J4GP; RESTAURANT; well fitted up; pood bus-
iness: low rent; two blocks from Market st.
Address J., Box 3C6. Call.
FOR 6a!e— Hay. grain, wood and coal yard.
Call or address 3130 Sacramento et., near
Lyon.
A SALOON for sale in good location. Apply
25 Montgomery ave.
STORE to rent In best block of Market st. ;
10x30. with upper floor and large basement;
bonus wanted. Box 1093. Call office.
RESTAURANT for sale cheap; good location;
. email expenses; pays good and good reasons
for selling. Call at tI6 Green st
WANTED — Lady or gent with J1C0 to art as
cashier; salary $15 per week. Including ex-
r<-nses; must travel. H. S., box 2S5, Call.
EALOON* for *ale; located 1 block from Mall of
Justice, near Kearny st Apply C43 Commer-
clal st
TAILOR business, good city trade and fix-
tures, at a bargain. Address box 333, Call.
FOR sale— A 38-room lodging-house; price rea-
sonable. £49 Howard St., near Second.
FOR sale — Small restaurant, cheap. For par-
ticulars apply box 247, Cail offlce.
1100 BUYS restaurant if eold to-day; a snap.
FCHOTTLER &. CO.. 3 Eddy 6t
BAKER'S large portable eand oven, $40. 3232
MlEsion Et.
GROCERY and bar; good business; selling ac-
count Blcknees. 1111 Howard st, cor. Langton.
CLASSIFIED advertiseinents and subscriptions
received at Call branch offlce, 2200 Flllmore st.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096
Valencia, et.
LODGING-HOUSES FOR SALE.
A~L~WILLE Y7^r^nTlir^~Ma^keTItr~^""
16 rooms. $750; rent, with water. Si'5; Howard
St.. near new Postofflce: all rented.
15 rooms, $1100; rent, with water, $65; Geary
st. : oak furniture; hot water In every room.
29 rooms. $1700; r*>nt $100; one floor; Market
et. opposite I. O. O. F. building.
Other houses, lots, farms, mines and any-
thing you want for sale or exchange. 916 Mar-
ket Bt. ; cren from 8 to 8; phone Black 5215.
A-22-ROOM house; central $1000
10-room hcuse; first class 1050
11-room hou6e; $173; 6-room flat S25
IQ-room house; Eddy; rent $75; only 9C0
FISHER & CO., 1032 Market st.
SNAP; 11 rooms, furnished; clears $25 per mo.;
only J125. FISHER & CO., 1032 Market at.
BUYERS of lodging-houses will find large list;
tine bargains In lodging-houses. Samples:
101 rooms; rent $G4; price $1500.
12 rooms; rent $34; price $400.
We loan money to buyers at \Vt per cent.
SCHWEINHARD & CO.. 917 Market St.. be-
tween Fifth and Sixth. Phone Mint 191L
M. GRIFFIN. 719 Market St.. room 1: free list;
new bargains every day In rooming-houses;
over COO; all sizes and prices. Please call.
WILL pay cash for lodging-house of 25 to 40
rooms; must be cheap. Box 9. Call office.
A BARGAIN — House, 27 rooms and full; no
work; cheap rent. Inquire Call offlce.
$5C0— LODGING-HOUSE, 14 rms.. newly furn.
Inquire 1G3 New Montgomery, cor. Howard.
FIHPT-CLASS rooming house for sale, price
ISO; pays well. Address Box SI3. Call offlce.
CARRIAGES AXD WAGONS.
COLUMBUS BUGGY CCK, clearance sale; low
•wheel, rubber tire, road wagon, $80; other
etyl's at proportionately low prices; suitable
Xmta presents. Markt. nr. 9th., opp. St. Nlch.
ALL kinds of wagons, buggies, carts, harness,
etc.. cheap. EGAN & SON. 2117 Mission Bt.
AN A No. 1 express wagon, single, also light
camping tragon. for sale cheap. 532 Mission.
NEW _: 2d-hand wagons, buggies, carts & har-
ness, work & driving horres. loth & Valencia.
SPIRITUALISM.
MRS. DR. FARNHAM. world-renowned spirit-
ual medium; advice in all affairs of life, law-
suits, divorces, deaths; unites the separated;
mining a specialty; cirs. Sun.. Wed.. Frl. ev"s;
come and be convinced. Permanently located
113 Eddy St., bet. Hyde and Larkln; no elgn.
MRS. J. J. WHITNEY, test, business me-
dlum and life reader; also medical clairvoy-
ant; treats all dlteases at office or by letter-
sittings. $1. 11C4 O'Farrell st; take Ellis car.
"CONSULT Watson." US1 Market St., near
Twelfth; medium, clairvoyant, psychic and
palmist; &0c and $1.
EAItLFS seance to-night; test messages. 80S
Taylor et., corner Ellis; 25c.
MME. YOUNG'S convincing test circle tiv
night 305 Larkln et. ; 10c; come skeptics.
MRS. ELSIE REYNOLDS, materializing seance
Thursday evening. 2C51 Mission; COc.
MME. MAJORS, gifted spiritual medium.
healer and card reader. 146 Eddy street.t
MRS. MAXWELL, spiritual test meeting to-
night, 8, 1238 Howard; Saturday, 103 6th, r. 9.
MRS. DR. GII^SON Is located at 614 Jessie st
near Seventh; sittings dally; circle to-night
EDW. EARLE, slate writer, removed 300 Ellis,
cor. Taylor: Sunday night. Pythian Castle.
FRIENDSHIP Hall. 335 McAllister— Mrs. C. J.
Meyer, sittings; convincing tents to-night; 10c.
CLAIRVOYANTS.
MRS. DR. F. CLARK, the welMoiown trance
medium. Is permanently located at 1206 Mar-
ket Et.. corner of Golden Gate ave.. rooms 25
and 26; take elevator. Perfect satisfaction
guaranteed by mail. Send etamp for pamph-
let with special terms.
MME. PORTER, wonderful clairvoyant & card
reader, born with double veil — second sight-
diagnoses disease with life reading; ladles EOc'
gents »; palm, and clalr. sit $1 60. 126 Turk.
REMOVED— The great inspirational card read-
er; price 25c and COc; hours 10 a. m. till 9 n
ta. MADAME VAN BERGEN. £28 Fulton st*.
MME. BERNARD reads life fluently: advice
given In all affairs of life; satisfaction guar-
anteed; 25c up. 17 Third st. next Examiner.
MRS. E. SANDERS. S14 Taylor st.. near Geary
— Clairvoyant, palmist and business medium-
ladies' circle Thurs., 2 p.m.; Frl., 8; clr. 2£c.
ISMAR, the Egyptian gypsy clairvoyant and.
palmist, permanently located 114S Market, opp
Cth: private readings dally. 10 a. m. to 6 p. m.
MRS. CAMERON, clairvoyant card reader, me-
dlum; 25c up. 823 MIssjon. nr. 4th; ring bell.
MRS. E. M. DUVAL, clairvoyant and business
medium. 215 Kearny st. rooms 8-10.
MRS. MELVILLE, well-known clairvoyant. wa-
ter reader, moved to 11 Sixth; German spoken.
MME. ZEREDA, the gypsy, is the great palm-
1st and card reader; £5c. 1 Seventh st. •
MME. AUGUST, clairvoyant, card reader and
palmistry; truth or no pay; 25c. 1149 Mission.
MME. SCHAKFER. clairvoyant, card reader;
fittings dally. kklVj Jessie st
It Mil. RAVENNA reads life fluently: business
advice: names given; 25c up. S Fourth rt.
CHIROPODISTS.
BUNIONS, Ingrown nails, corns, absolute cure.
painless: consul fn free. Dr.Duncan,41S Sutter.
COLLECTION OFFICES.
GEORGE W. KELLY'S Aereney— No charge "u_!
less successful. Room 810. S27 Market St.
CARFET BEATING AXD CLEANING.
WHEN you become disgusted with poor worm
send to SPAULDING'S Pioneer Carpet-Beat-
ing Works, 353-357 Tehama St.; tel. South 40.
STANDARD, 313 Guerrero — Curtains and blan-
kets renovated. 25c per pair; carpets cleaned.
So yd.; laying a specialty. Phone Mission 10G.
CARPETS cleaned at 3c per yard, laid at 5c.
STRATTON'S. 3 Eighth st; tel. Jessie 944.
J. E. MITCHELL, Carpet-Beating and Reno-
vating Co., 240 Fourteenth St.; tel. Mission 74.
CITY Steam Carpet-Beating Works. G. H.
STEVENS, mgr.. SS-40 8th St.; tel. South 250.
ADVANCE Carpet-Cleaning Co.. 402 Sutter St.;
tel. Main 334. GEO. WALCOM. proprietor.
CONKLIN'S Carpet-Beating Works, 333 Golden
GatP av<». ; telephone East 126. \
DENTISTS.
ket s_, cor. 4th. rm.7, Flood bldg., you can
have your extractions done palulessly; teeth
without plates our specialty: gold crowns,
$3 50 up: plates, extractions free, $4 SO up; of-
fice hours, 9 a. m. to 10 p. m. : Sundays, 9 to 3
p. m. G. W. WILLIAMSON.M.D., Manager.
EIGHT prizes for best crowns, plates, bridges
and fillings; extractions or fillings by my won-
derful secret, painless method; 20 years' ex-
perience; no students; advice free; prices
cheapest and guaranteed: lady attendants.
DR. GEORGE W. LEEK. 20 O'Farrell st
A NEW plate, the unbreakable Rose Pearl,
warranted for 20 rears; crowns and bridge-
work; teeth without a plate; fillings, SOc;
crowi as, $3 60; plates, full set. %h; all^work
painless and warranted. CHICAGO DENTAL
PARLORS. 24 Sixth st.
DR. LUDLUM HILL. 1443 Market, nr. Eleventh
— No charge for extracting when plates are
made: old plates made over like new; teeth
from $3 per get; extracting. EOc; gas given.
"MAIN Office" New York Dental Parlors. 1019
Market St., bet. Sixth and Seventh; consult
us on crowns and bridges; - teeth extracted
positively and absolutely without pain.
VAN VROOM— "Painless": evenings and Sun-
days. 1001 Market st.. corner Sixth.
SET of teeth without plate. DR. H. G. YOUNG,
1S41 Polk st.
PARIS Dental Parlor. 233 Kearny, cor. Bush-
Full set of teeth. $4; crowns, $3; fillings, 25c.
LOWEST prices in S. F. ; painless extraction,
60c. New York Dentists. 963 Mission, cor. 6th.
CHEAPEST and best In America— The Weekly
Call. 16 pages, sent to any address In the
ITnltM States, postpaid, for $1 per year.
DRESSMAKKRS AND SEAMSTRESSES
McDOWELL Dressmaklngand Millinery School;
patterns cut: evening class. 1C19 Market st.
ACCORDION pleating factory; all kinds pleat-
Ing, pinking. 121 Post, over O'Connor* Moffatt.
PEI'ILATORY.
O. C. C— A Harmless liquid for permanently
removing superfluous hair; will not Irritate,
burn nor poison the most delicate skin; agents
wanted. Ontario Ch<»ro. Co.. eic'cy. 42S Ellla.
EDUCATIONAL.
GALLAGHER-MARSH College. Parrott Bldg.—
Shorthand, typing and bookkeeping; Robert F.
Gallagher, expert court reporter; teacher of \
Ehorthand; reportorlal phrasing taught; prac-
tical bookkeeping; full course, $50; catalogue.
HEALD'S BUSINESS COLLEGE, 24 Post St.,
S. F. — Bookkeeping, ehorthand, typing, lan-
guages, telegraphy, English branches, civil,
electrical and mining engineering, etc.; day
and night sessions; new 80-page catalogue free.
A— THE LYCEUM, and accredited preparatory
echool for the university, law and medical
colleges; references. President Jordan or any
Stanford professor. Phelan building.
BOOKKEEPING or shorthand— It you want to
learn In a limited time, take private lessons j
from an experienced teacher. M. W. COR-
NELL, room 53, Thurlow block. 126 Kearny st
AYRES' Business College. 723 Market st; day
find evening; Individual Instruction. $3 per
month; life Pcholai—hlp, $50; bookkeeping,
Ehorthand. telegraphy, etc.; catalogue free.
HE FAILED! had he practiced bookkeeping a
ehort time with expert Tarr, 220 Parrot bldg.
he would not: be wise. .
MISS M. G. BARRETT. Shorthand Academy;
lessons by mall; acknowledged by official re-
porters best teacher, best system. 302 Montgy.
ALL students but two taking full course this
year got positions. SAN FRANCISCO BUS1-
NESS COLLEGE. 123C Market st.
ENGINEERING, civil, elec., m!nlng,mech.,sur-
vey. assay, cyanide, arch.: day. eve.; est 1864.
VAN PER NAILLEN SCHOOL. 033 Market.
MUNSON. School Shorthand. Typing, Bookkeep-
lng. Spanish. 137 Mont'y. E. M. Carpenter, pr.
MR. and MRS. D. MANSFIELD, music studio;
violin, guitar, mandolin, banjo. 18S6 Eddy st.
ILLUSTRATION— PARTINGTON'S DAY and
ILLUSTRATION— Night class. 424 Pine st.
ARITHMETIC, bookkeeping, grammar, writing.
etc.. day or eve.; $5 mo. 1024 Mission, nr. 6th.
CHEAPEST and best In America— The Weekly
Call. 16 pages, sent to any address In the
United States or Canada one year for $1.
postage paid.
EMPLOYMENT OFFICES.
JAPANESE responsible housecleanlng company,
established 1S70; practical recommend; try
thpm. 1026 Oak Bt.. removed to 419 Devlsa-
dero; tel. Fell 136. F. HAMAD.
A— JAPANESE aid Chinese employment con-
tractor; estab. over 10 years; all kinds help.
421 Post et.. near Powell; telephone Bush 1.1a.
JAPANESE Housecleaning Co.— Walters, cooks,
dlshw'ra; est. 1890. 419Devlsadero; tel. Page 547.
JAPANESE and Chinese employment office;
beat help. £26 O'Farrell st.: tel. Hyde 2191.
RELIABLE Japanese-Chinese employment of-
flce; all kinds help. 315 Stockton; Main 61SS.
UNION Japanese-Chinese emp. offlce— Best help
furn. ; domestic eerv. 417 Powell; tel. Bush 376.
ORPHEUM Employment Office— Japanese, Chl-
n»se help. 426 Powell, nr. Sutter: tel. Black 5072.
CHINESE and Japanese Employment Office—
rtret hrln. 41114 O'Farrell ft.; tel. East 42G.
EMPLOY3IEXT WANTED FEMALE.
RESPECTABLE woman, with cirl S ye.in» old.
wants housework or chamberwork In prlvato
or rooming house; references; no trlflera;
wages $10. 744 Howard st
TRUSTWORTHY, willing woman will do
housework: Is good cook; will do somo wash-
ing; good breadmaker: city or across the bay.
Please call 79 Jessie st
COMPETENT middle-aged woman, fine Ameri-
can cook and baker, work In city or country
for moderate wages; steady place. 120 Fourth
8t, room 10. . . .
AN elderly woman, first-class American cook,
elegant bread maker, clean and careful,
wishes position; references If required. 770
Harrison et.
MIDDLE-AGED German woman, experienced,
flrst-class cook, wishes employment. Ad-
dress box 3S1, Call offlce.
STRONG, reliable Danish grtrl wishes a posi-
tion for doing house cleaning by the day;
done cheap. Call or address 7 De Boom st.
YOUNG lady would like a furnished room for
two days' sewing each week. Address E. B.,
1S9 Dolores St., near Fifteenth.
POSITION wanted by an Eastern lady; Is ft
good plain cook and a neat *vorker; city or
country. 842 Minna et.
AN American woman wishes a poslMon ta
house-clean by the day; wages $1 a day and
carfare. Box SS5, Call office.
COMPETENT woman wishes a position cock-
Ing and B*n«!ral housework. Apply former
employer, 1151 Octavla St.
SWEDISH girl wishes a situation to do house-
work; references. Box 382, Call offlce.
FIRST-CLASS dressmaker wants work In
families. 943 Sutter St.; tel. Larkln 983.
FIRST-CLASS German cook wishes position:
best of references: wages $30. 1663 Howard st.
WOMAN wishes place to do general housework
city or country. 213 Minna st.
GERMAN woman wishes work by day for
house cleaning. Box 384, Call office.
GI^k^^ eS Frelnrt IO . n t. l ° d ° *"«"* hoUSe -
\aTarl A y^ t ' g rL b m y i7 he
COMPETENT woman wishes work by the dav
best reference. Call 21 Polk st- .
BORROW on diamonds; perfect secrecy; pri-
vate entrance. UNCLK HARRIS. 15 Grant av.
BY experienced business woman, position of
trust, management, or soliciting for specialty
(to the trade): business references. Address
"Capable." 713 Shrader st. . are "
AN AMERICAN woman wants situation as
working housekeeper; country preferred' ref-
erences given and required. Box 247, Call.
FIRST-CLASS meat and pastry cook would
like Bltuation In city; first-class Eastern ref-
erence. MRS. R. MURRAY. 1QC6 Clay st.
SITUATION as housekeeper by woman with a
girl -14; country preferred. Apply • 114S Mis-
sion st.. bet Seventh and Eighth.
WINCHESTER House. 44 Third St., near Mar-
ket— 200 rj>oms; 25c to $1 60 night. $1 50 to $6
week: convenient and respectable: ¦ free 'bus
• and baggag« to and from ferry. ..i~--r-.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 FUImore^t.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
pubscrlptlons has been established at .- 1038
Valencia st » < , •"'
KMPLO YBIEKT WASTED— MALE.
A !t. nurs . e .. or a «endant to mentally or other-
wise afflicted gentleman by German with ex-
perience in hospitals, sanitarium and private
nursing in Germany. England and New York;
best references. Nurse. 474 Jessie st.
YOUNG man stenographer, very rapid and ac-
curate, four years' experience, wishes em-
ployment during afternoons; not working for
; experience; ttate salary. Box 3S0. Call.
YOUNG man having some experience In busl-
ness chance and real estate offices desires
274 Cll WUh rellable flrm: reference - Box
GERMAN cook and helper 'vant places to-
gether In hotel - or boarding-house; city or
country; can do any kind of cooking. 242
i^atoma ct.. basement.
A YOUNG man wishes a position In furniture
or grocery store; has had experience in b>th:
sober and steady. Call or address F. R.
PERRY. S43 Mission Bt. -.
STEADY single man, experienced coachman,
all stable work, also milking, wishes situa-
tion; best references. Address, stating wages,
Coacnman. 791 O'Farrell st.
EXPERICENED mechanical designer and
draughtsman, technical graduate, with shop
practice, wishes to change. Box 3S3. Call.
CARPENTER, good all-around man, eober and
honest, wants work in a store. Institution or
for^a corporation; good refs. Box 379. Call.
RELIABLE, sober man wants situation In
lodging-house In any capacity: experienced.
IRA HARDIN. 1035 Market St.. room A.
A BOY 18 years, honest and willing, wishes to
learn a trade; electrician; wages no object.
Address A. F. HANKE, 1635H Howard st.
EDUCATED young Englishman desires posi-
tion as private secretary or companion. Ad-
dresa J. B.. care Mr. Morgan. 1009 Stanyan.
SITUATION, wanted "as bookkeeper, salesman
or clerk; quick and accurate. G. H.. 25 Tele-
graph ave., Oakland.
FIRST-CLASS laundryman wishes a position.
Address box 376, Call.
BAKER; third or last hand on bread: will help
on cakes. H. F. J., 1218 Twenty-sixth st.
SITUATION wanted by a sober, industrious
and reliable man of 32 as porter. Janitor or
to make himself useful around manufactur-
ing or business place. Please reply to V. H.,
box. 367, Call office.
A BOY, 16 years of age, honest and ¦ willing,
would like a place of any kind where he
could have a home; wages no object. Ad-
dress 40 Minna st.
2 BOYS, recently from London, England; 15
and IS yenrs: would like position where they
could advance. ATWELL. 701 Howard st.
FIRST-CLASS cook wants good Hteady Job In
restaurant In city; best of references. Box
8G4, Call office.
FIRST-CLASS gardei er and coachman wishes
place pruning, grafting or propagating plants;
good driver for family. Box 360. Call offlce.
YOUNG man wishes situation in offlce: general
work; good penman. Address box 861. Call.
$100,000 TO loan on diamonds, watches, silver,
sealskins, pianos, guns. UNCLE HARRIS,
15 Grant ave.
BUTCHER— Good block butcher; best of refer-
ences. Box 309, Call office. ¦
BO3ER. Industrious middle-aged Scandinavian
wishes pcslticn as man about place and to do
chores, as eardener and carpenter; 3 years'
experience as porter and watchman; best of
references.- Box 349. Call offlce.
ELDERLY man wants employment as watch-
man. Janitor or porter; can drive horses;
handy ¦with tools; willing to work: good ref-
erences; fair salary expected. Box 350, Call.
SOBER middle-aged man would like a position
as watchman; references. Inquire 416 Sixth.
MILKERS, separators and first-class cheese
and butter makers want work; city or coun-
try. Milkers' Union of California, 526 Mont-
gomery St.
A FIRST-CLASS Japanese cook wants posi-
tion; has many years' experience. N. Z., 4
Carlos ylaee.
JAPANESE house worker and school boy— If
you want me I come at onca. H. INOWYB,
414 Stevenson st.
FIRST-CLASS Chinese family cook would like
position. 710 Sacramento st.
EXPEFtT OPTICIAXS.
EYES examined free; spectacles properly ad-
Justed. N. Manasse. oculist optician. 910 Mkt
FLATS TO LKT.
A— 8-ROOM fiat; corner; sunny; 2 bay windows;
all modern Improvem'ts; 1st floor. 417H Third.
GREEN 1312, near Larkln— 6 rooms, bath; en-
amel sink; dresser; latest Improvements; sun-
ny; $18.
IF you want to move get printed list flats to let
from BALDWIN — : HOWETLL. 10 Montgomery.
MONEY advanced on articles of all descrip-
tions, from $1 to $1000, at UNCLE HARRIS',
15 Grant ave.
NATOMA, 714— Flat of 4 rooms, yard and cel-
lar; rent {10: no children.
$7— 4-ROOM flats on Victor st, off Bryant, bet.
7th and 8th. Inquire at grocery, 941 Bryant.
10-ROOM flat, furnished or unfurnished. 139
O'Farrell 8t. : " ,
$13— UPPER* flat, 6 rooms and porcelain bath.
641 Castro St.. near Nineteenth.
$25 — SUNNY bay-window, newly renovated,
medern. 7 rooms, bath. 1708 Washington st.
FLATS WANTED.
WANTED — A house or flat of 4 or 6 rooms fur-
nlshed. Box 368, Call offlce.
FURNISHED flat. 6 rooms, bath; desirable
neighborhood. Tourist Bureau, 10 Montgom'y.
furniture: for sale.
4 ROOMS, 3 nicely furnished: suit a couple
with one or no children. 12S Eighth st; no
agents. •
4 ROOMS furnished In oak'$4SB0. with No. 7
ranre. King Furniture Co.. 1127-1131 Market.
FURNITURE WANTED.
$20,000 WORTH of furniture wanted lmme-
dlately for cash. 1182 Mission St.. near Eighth.
i CHAS. LEVY buys your furniture, carpets.
pianos, etc. 1135 Market st; tel. Jessie 761.
A. WOLLPERT. 773 Mission St.. pays highest
price for second-hand furniture: tel. Red 1334.
Auctioneer— L. Vincent, 1305 Larkln; tel Polk 631.
furniture & furn'd houses bought; spot cash.
W. E. CODY (late with' J. T. Terry & Co.). buys
furniture, carpets. 7S7 Mission; tel. Red 3353.
HELP WANTED— FKlflALB.
C. R. HANSEN & CO i Phone Grant 1S5
HOTEL DEPARTMENT
7 waitresses for different railroad eating
houses, Arizona, $20, free fare, se« party here;
6 waitresses, city ,and country; 3 chamber-
maids, to wait, $20; woman cook, miners'
boarding house, $30, free fare; short-order
cook, bakery, $25 and found.
FAMILY DEPARTMENT
Nlc* choice place for 1 house girl for small
•—¦own family, Antloch, $20; another choice
place, Oakland, J20-I25; house girl, Truckee.
$20, fare paid: house girl. Sacramento, $25:
houae girls, city. C. R. HANSEN & CO.. 104
Geary st. ' ¦ '• '
5 COOKS, $30 and. $35; second girl, $25; nurso
girl, $20; boarding-house cook. $25; cook, fam-
ily of 2. $25; cook. Oakland, $30; second srlrl^
Oakland. $25. ¦ MRS. NORTON. 313 8utt->r St.
GERMAN or Italian girl to learn typesetting;
$3 60 week, 9 hours; will be advanced. Young
Folks' Weekly, 616 Commercial St.- .
WANTED— Suspender makers; two to work In
shop; others to take work home. Apply at
California Suspender Co., 6 Butter at.
WANTED — By a wholesale house to engage the
services of a woman to travel ; one who Is
trustworthy and accurate. Box 3S6, Call.
A LADY cf. Indomitable energy, possessed of
self-assertion; good opportunity to right party.
F. PERSON, room 412. Parrott building.
TAILORESS as pants finisher. 6% Kearny Bt.,
room 18, top floor.
A NEAT girl for general housework. S6 Bel-
vedere St.. behind Chutes. .
GIRL for general housework and assist with
cooking; $15. Call 1716 Fell St.. after 9 a. m.
WANTED— Girl for ; general housework; tleep
home. 402 Jones st. . .
A YOUNG German or Scandinavian £jlrl • to
mind children. , 126 Ninth st.
WANTED— Girl: for plain cooking and general
housework; $15 to $18. . 219 Hayes st.
FINISHERS wanted on custom coats. 40 Ellis
st., room 64. v ¦ :• "
YOUNG girl to help to take care of baby.
343C San Jose ave.
WANTED— Flrst-class i button-hole maker on
\ vests; no other; good pay. 956 Mission st.
GIRL wanted for general houseworkT 838
O'Farrcll st
BORROW money on sealskins, silverware- low
Interest. UNCLE HARRIS. 15 Grant ave.
NEAT, young girl for light housework. 'C03
Guerrero st.
WANTED— Girl for shooting - gallery; call 12
o'clock. 424 ¦ Dupont st.
FINISH on Jackets, one who " can make : fln«
24 U Grant 1 ave B AR0N> ' Ladies> Tailor, 22 and
GIRLS for housework: good pay. - Pacific Em-
ployment Agency, 8 Geary; , ph. Black 3719.
HELP WANTED— FEMALB.
GIRL 15 or over for light housework; no one
but a willing girl need apply; wages SS to
$10. 264 San Carlos ave., bet. Mission and
Valencia, Nineteenth and Twentieth sts. 1
GOOD finisher and button hole maker on cus-
tom coats; also apprentice girl; steady work;
good pay. 935 Market st, room 16. -V .',
APPRENTICES to learn tailoring. 641 Market
street.
TALENTED amateur performers wanted. Call
at Chutes at 6 p. m. V X -
APPRENTICE on custom pants; paid while
learning. D04 Kearny St., room 10.
EXPERIENCED bookfolders and apprentices
wanted. Bookblndery, 636 Clay st. ¦
FINISHERS on pants: steady work. 808 How-
ard, bet. 4th and 6th. over handball court.
YOUNG lady to learn to be . a medium and
travel with professional man. Box 332. Call.
WANTED— Women and girls to work on fruit.
1731 Folsom St.. bet 13th and 14th.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Flllmore St.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096
Valencia st. ' ¦
HELI* WAPETBD- MALE.
A— MURRAY^IlEXDY7rr^.TnPn^e^Ialn~1s4S
Leading Employment and Labor Agents
• •• WANT AT 7 A. M. TO-DAY
Ingersoll drillers, $3 day wagon maker
Head dairyman $40 and found
Ranch hands, and teamsters $26 and found
150 woodchoppers and tlemaker3. tools, pro-
visions and cabins furnished. MURRAY &
READY. 634-C36 Clay Bt. '
A— COOKS, hotels and restaurants, $30 to $30
and found; second cooks, $30; washer and
Btarcher; waiters, $30; foreman baker, Eecond
end third hands; man for delicatessen store.
S40 and found. MURRAY & READY, 631-
636 Clay st.
AT C. R. HANSEN & CO.'S 104 Geary st.
-•••• RAILROAD WORK
Teamsters, tunnel men, stonemasons, free
fare; 3 Ingersoll drillers, $3: 2 asphalt miners,
$2; 6 farmers for large orchard. J20.
- HOTEL DEPARTMENT
Chef, $75; second cook, J43; baker, |40; rail-
read eating house, see party here: second
cook, restaurant. $40. fare paid. C. R. HAN-
EEN & CO.. 1C4 Geary 6t.
TWO colored extra waiters, for banquet, coun-
try club |3 a day and fare both ways. C. R.
HANSEN & CO.. 104 Geary st.
A NOTICE TO
All coal miners
With families or single
Who want to go to
Gallup, New Mexico
Superintendent will meet you
..Saturday and Sunday. November 24 and 2j..
In our office
Free fare Froe far*
C. R. HANSEN & CO., 1M Geary ez
MAN and wife- to cook and wait for small
country hospital; $40. C. R. HANSEN & CO.,
104 Geary it.
A— CHEF, ?90, and a second cook. $65. for i
first-class country restaurant: see party here.
C. R. HANSEN & CO.. 104 Ueary St.
AN elevator boy; good references; $25. C. R.
HANSEN & CO., 104 Geary st
A— WANTED..
Laundryman for institution, near city. $33
and found
Driver for milk wagon, references n^ulred,
$35 and found; 2 woodchoppers, Santa Crui
County. W. D. EWER & CO., 610 Clay tt.
A— CARPENTERS, 10 cabinet makers. 8 bench
hands, 2 shaper hands, 1 sash and door man,
2 sticker hands. Mechanics Registration Bu-
reau, 410 Kearny, r. 9; non-union mechanics
please register; new Jobs dally; no office fees.
BARBERS' Progressive Union — Free employ-
ment. H. Bernard. Sec. 104 7th; tel. Jessie 152.
WANTED— German, sober, reltablo, as bakery
wagon driver; must have sufficient experience
In that line and good references; good salary.
Address box 871. Call offlce.
WANTED— Men to learn barber trade; complete
from 6 to 8 weeks; situation secured; trans-
portation paid; best climate in California-
Gordon's Barber College, Los Angeles.
WANTED at once, an Al all-round bread bak-
er; must be sober and reliable; good salary,
board and lodgings. New England Bakery.
Honolulu, H. T.
BOYS' clothing salesman. Apply In boys'
clothing dept.. between 9 and 12, S. N. WOOD
& CO.. 713 Market St.
BOY wanted. JOE ROSENBERG, 816 Market
street.
COATMAKER for country. Apply REISS
BROS., 24 Sutter st.
SALESMAN experienced In mackintoshes.
Massachusetts Rubber Co., 710 Market Bt.
ERRAND boy wanted at-919 Market St., $4 per
week; bring references.'
DISHWASHER wanted. 422 Sixth St.
WANTED— Two flrst-class experienced harness
leather shavers. 106 Battery st.
WANTED— A furnishing goods salesman. Ad-
dress F. F., box 3SS, Call 1 office.
WANTED — An elderly man who can write a
good hand. Call 500 Halght tt.
A PRESSMAN on pants. 36 Geary St., room
S3.
BOOTBLACK wanted; young man. 1405 Polk
street.
BOY wpnted for store: about 16 years. Apply
244H Third St., before 9.
SHOEMAKER on repairing; steady Job. 756
Howard st.
GOOD sober waiter wanted at 600 Beala St.,
corner Bryant.
GENTLEMAN of Indomitable energy and push;
. good opportunity to right man. F. PERSON,
room 412. Parrott building.
Al RESIDENT salesmen of wide acquaintance
to solicit family trado In the country for a
wholesale wine and liquor house. Address,
with references, box 362, Call office.
GRAND chance to get rich; drugstore, vicinity
of Ellis and Powell sts.; price $1500. Apply
A. M. SPECK, 667 Market st
$100,000 TO loon on diamonds, watches, ceal-
fklns. UNCLE HARRIS. 13 Grant ave.
STRONG boy to learn the bakery trade.
Wheeland's Bakery. 2232 Mission st.
WANTED— Good barber; steady Job. Apply 723
Fourth st., San Rafael; telephone Red 16.
YOUNG man with some experience In butcher
business. Apply 1103 Scott st.
$80— 2-CHAIR shop: rent $5: receipts $25. Ap-
ply H. BERNARD. 104 Seventh St.
GET your shoes half-soled while waiting. 25c
to COc. 662 Mission et., bet 1st and 2d sts.
TALENTED amateur performers wanted. Call
at Chutes at 6 p. m.
WANTED— 2 boys for Jewelry trade. 17 Lick
place. Lick House; R. BUGANNOFF.
WANTED— At once, three or four high-grade,
reliable solicitors; men of good address; men
who can get subscriptions for The Saturday
Evenlr.g Post (Philadelphia); salary guaran-
teed to the right men. 59 Columbian bulld-
lns, San Francisco.
UPHOLSTERERS and lounge makers. MICH-
AEL BOEPPLE. foreman Klopstock Bros.,
2257 Folsom St.
WANTED— A place to stop for the winter— This
can be found at the Adams House, 513 Sacra-
mento St., near Montgomery; one of the few
respectable houses where countrymen coming
to the city can find nice, clean, cheap, well-
ventilated rooms. A. McCREERY. I'rop.
WANTED— Laborers and mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkln. Reno House proprietor, still
runs Denver House, 217 Third St.; 150 large
rooms; 25c per night; $1 to $2 per week.
MEN wanted to learn barber trade;. only eight
weeks required: position* guaranteed; special
Inducements; catalogue and map of city free.
HOLER'S BARBER COLLEGE. 685 Clay St.
WANTED— Experienced electrical wlreman.
must be steady and reliable man; wages $3
per day. I Bakersfleld Gas and Electric Light
Company, Bakerafleld. Cal.
PENSIONS-^J. H. Shepard & Co.. old. reliable
firm, S06 Market, rm. 40, Phelan bldg.; pension
vouchers executed, 25c; advice free.
Al PRESSERS on cloaks at M. SIMINOFF'8.
.¦-. 1228. Market Et. - ...
WANTED— Mission boy to drive wagon at meat
market Seventeenth and Dolores sts.
FOR sale — A good paying country barber shop
and baths, suitable for married man. Ad-
dress, box 356, Call offlce.
BARBERS— S-chalr shop for sale cheap. 14
Turk st.
JIEO'WILL buy a fine 2-chalr barber shop; fine
trade; must sell. ;- 394 Sixth st. -
JEWELERS. 323 Bush St., third floor, room 4.
ALL sizes men's shoes, slightly damaged, half
price. 562 , Mission st.. bet. 1st and 2d sts.
WANTED^-100 men to take rooms, 10c. 15c and
20c. Boston House, 930 Howard st.
GENTLEMEN'S suits to order. $1 per week, at
cash prices. N. ;Y. Tailoring Co.. 115 Kearny.
ISA ILORS, ; ordinary seamen and green hands-
all parts of world. HERMAN'S. 26 Steuartl
ME^t^UJ wonien to learn barber trade. 8. F.
: BARBER COLLEGE. 741 A Howard st.
' W , INCH , ESTER Hou se. <« Third st.. near Mar-
ket; 700 rooms. 25c night; reading-rooms; fre«
? bus and baggage ; to ¦ and from ferry. • - •
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
I subscriptions has been established at 1098 Va-
I lencla lit
HEMORRHOIDS.
PILES— 300 cures business men In San Fran-
cisco; can be seen; no operation: no pain; par-
tlcnlars sent. Ad. Physician, box 1330. Call.
HOUSES, LIVE: STOCK. Etc— -For Sale
40 HORSES for sale; also wagons, buggies,
carts, harness. Grand Arcade Horse Market,
127 Sixth st.; auction sales every Wednesday.
SULLIVAN & DOYLE. Auctioneers.
HORSE clipping by experienced men; best work;
cheap prices. DALZ1EL. 605 Golden Gata ave.
HORSE and wagon, together or separate: suit-
able for grocery. Address 1S6 Ninth at.
INVALID CHAIRS A >D J^*^^J^^L
SOLD and rented; manfr. of the Eames tricycls
chair. EAMES Tricycle Co.. 2100 Market »t.
HOUSES TO LET. 'y?-*]
A— PRINTED LIST Houses to let; send for clr-
cular. G. H. UMBSEX & CO., 14 Montgomery.
LOST AND FOUSD.
LOST— Wallet. Finder address box 878. Call
office; reward. jj ____________
LOST— Jersey cow. on November 14. branded on
left hip K. P. Return to Green M4. Ranch,
Bay View, and receive $5 reward.
LOST— Diamond locket, with Initials C. J. W.
on back. Return to 501 Montgomery ave. ; re-
ward. .
FOUND in carriage last Saturday night— Dia-
mond brestpln; owner can recover by proving
property. MRS. LOUIS SLOSS. 1M0 Van
Ness avenue.
J1CO.00O TO loan on watches, diamonds, s.lver.
realsklns. pianos, guns. UNCLE HARRIS.
' 13 Grant avt _______
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The Weekly Call.
18 pages. In wrapper, for mailing, jl per yea..
MEDICAL.
DR. AND MRS. DA VIES. 1225 Market-Ladles'
specialists; 32 years' practice; have treated
thousands of cases successfully: positive cure
. guaranteed at office: ladles treated can return
home fame day: HINDOO HERB home cure,
any one can u,«e It with satisfaction; perfect-
ly harmless. Send stamps for circular.
DR. O. XT; O'DONNELL, moved to 1013 Mar-
ket, opp. £>th; world-renowned ladles' special-
ist; safe, reliable; practiced In San Francisco
for years; treated thousands of c«»es success-
fully: treatment can be used at home; consul-
tation free. After all others fail call on him.
MRS. DR. WYETH. reliable speclalljt; 25 yrs.'
ruccessful practice: guaranteed treatment at
office, $5; any aliment; home for patients; con-
sult free. 942 Post St.. bet. Hyde and Larkln.
MRS. DR. KOHL. 937 MARKET ST.. corner
Sixth — Safe and reliable ladles' physician:
treatment. $3; positive euro guaranteed: when
others fall consult, free. MRS. DR. KOIIL.
DRS. GOODWIN, 1007H Market, expert on dis-
eases of women; 15 years' practice In S. F., a
cure guaranteed; $5 at office; have cured thou-
sands of cases: unexcelled success: see free.
NO TOY KEE. Chinese doctor: cures consump-
tlon. cancer, catarrh, etc.; all diseases treat-
ed: send for testimonials; advice free. Sanl-
tarlnm, 704 Sacramento »t.. corner Kearny.
MRS. DR. ALLEN. 1035 Market— Ladles' spe^
clalist; safe and sure cure, $G; best care; low
fees; when all others fall consult free.
DR. POPPER, practical female specialist for
37 years; can be sent. 823 Kearny st.
MRS. DR. OWYER. ladies' specialist; home
for patients. 510 Kdrty ft.
MISCELLANEOUS FOR SALE.
BOILERS, Engines, 2d-hand machinery. Mc-
INTOSH & WOLPMAN. 195-197 Fremont st.
BARS, back bars, mirrors, showcases, counters,
linoleum, new and second-hand : we always
have a large stock of saloon outfits on hand;
32 complete outfits on our floor, ready made;
we can ship -everything In 24 hours. J.
NOONAX. 1017. 1019, 1021. 1023 Mission at.
above Sixth; write for catalogue.
BUY a brand new typewriter for $5 down and
$5 per. month: write for catalogue and price.
TYPEWRITER EXCHANGE, 409 California
St.; rentals, new machines, $3 per month.
A — BUYS, sells or rents _ear machinery, en-
gines, boilers, water pipes, shafting, pulleys,
etc. WHITELAW, 216 Spear st.
SEE that handsome diamond, ruby and sap-
phire lace pin for $42; worth $100. UNCLE
HARRIS. 15 Grant ave.
NEW 63 Majestic range, with steam heater and
cooker, cheap: suitable for 200 people-. North-
east corner Point Loboa and Fifth aves.
FOR Bale or to rent— A 54 electric light bath
cabinet; new. Northeast corner Point Loboa
and Fifth aves.
5-HORSE Golden Gate gas or gasoline engine.
$150; can be seen running at 633 Golden
Gate ave. \
BILLIARD tables, balls, cues and racks, com-
plete: dirt cheap. BENJ. CURTAZ & SON.
16 O'Farrell st. ;
A— 100-HORSEPOV.-ER engine, boiler, two-drill
air compressors. JARDINE'S, 220 Fremont st.
GASOLINE, gas engines, second-hand, bought,
sold and exchanged. NEWELL. 56 Bluxome st.
PHOTOGRAPHIC and magic lantern goods
bought, sold, exchanged. 109 Montgomery st.
10- TON Fairbanks scale and fire and burglar
proof safe. 216 California st.
FIRST-CLASS second-hand modern engines and
boilers bought and sold. KROUGH Mfg. Co.
200-LIGHT dynamo, engine and boiler, com-
plete: cheap. H. S. WHITE. 516 Mission st.
WILL rent full-dress Tuxedo cr Prince Albert
suits for $2 50. Portland Loan Office, 23 Stktn.
SAFES— New and second-hand. THE HER-
MANN SAFE CO.. 417-423 Sacramento St.
PORTABLE engines, boilers; iron and wood
planers, lathes: 2d-hand. J. Burke, 139 Beale.
MAGIC lanterns, new and 2d-hand; moving
pictures. BULLARD & BRECK. 131 Post st.
SAFES— New and second-hand; all sizes. THE
WALTZ SAFE. 109-111- Market St.. San Fran.
A WEEK'S news for 3 cents — The Weekly Call.
16 prises, in wrapper, for matllne. $1 per year.
MISCELLANEOUS WAVTS.
WANTED— San Francisco Bulletin for March
5. 12 and 19. 1809; quote price. W. F. PUR-
NELLs Sacramento, Cal.
WANTED— San Francisco Call for January.
February and March, 1390; quote price. W. F.
PURNELL, Sacramento. Cal.
WANTED— Jeweler's tools, such as rolls, lathe,
drawplate and melting tools. Box 373, Call.
LADIES' and gents' cast-off clothing bought &
sold. Silverman. 984 Folsom: tel. Folsom 1191.
KLEIN still pays best price for clothing, brlc-
a- brae and^books. 1C9 Sixth st; tel. Jessie 141.
WANTED— Upright piano for cash, H. L.
WHITEHEAD. 1710 Market st.
>)Www^J^OX!gy TO 1 LO AX.
ANY amount on furniture, pianos, without re-
moval, or any other good security; payable
back In Installments or as a whole; If you
owe a balance on the purchase price we will
pay it and carry the loan as long as you de-
sire; avoid red tape and publicity; see us
first; you will be waited upon quietly and
quickly. Call 68-6» Donohoe bldg.. 1178 Marke t.
AA— BEST rates and easiest terms.
Second Mortgages
Interest In Estates
.... Undivided Interest In Real Estate
Financial problems of all softs and sizes
colved by HERMAN MURPHY. 630 Market.
A— MONEY to loan at rates which people can
, afford to pay on furniture, pianos, etc.; do
not borrow of your friends or you will lose
their friendship; do business with strangers
and you will be better satisfied: no delay; no
publicity. Rooms 9 and 10, 906 Market st.
ANY amount at 6 per cent: 1st. 2d and 3d mort-
gages, undivided Interest, real estate In pro-
bate; mortgages and legacies bought; no de-
lay; get my terms before doing business else-
where. R. McCOLGAN, 24 Montgomery, r. J.
ANY proposition, any amount; 8 per cent; first
second mortgages, estates In probate. Interest
In estates, legacies, corporation loans, chattel
mortgages, life Insurance. Room 16, first floor.
Chronicle building. HALLORAf^ & OLSEN.
HIGHLY respectable private place to obtain
liberal advances on diamonds. Jewelry at low-
est rates. Baldwin Jewelry Store. 848 Market
at. ; tel. Main 1644. Branch 19 Third st.
A-JaCO,00O ON city and country real estate and
estates; chattel mortgages; notes and col-
laterals. J. BROWNSTONE. 11 Montgomery.
MOST reliable place to borrow on diamonds!
wih^ir^F- J> HESTHAL, 10 Sixth
highest price for old gold, silver, diamonds.
ANY amount by private party on furniture and
£nS?£TT n ? "rnoval; low i-ates; conttdentlal.
BONELLI. 301 Jones st.. corner Eddy.
LOANS, 1st or 2d mtgs; city, country- B^undi-
vlded lnta: estates. HARPER. 39" Parro'tuffg*
AUSTIN'S Salary Loan Co.. 366 Parrott bulld-
lng; men caa secure loans on. personal note.
M mi E r Y ™ n !S"\ 1 Sr art^ peo ? le wlth °« security.
HILL, rm. 44. Merchants' Ex.. 431 California.
TO salaried people without security; all busl-
ne.s confidential. TouMcy Co.. 321 Pariott b"£
1100,000 TO loan on real estate or for bulldlnx-
-. low rate. Home Bldg Co.. K2 Sansome St.. rj'
M l°.w E rate°^Trfc^ff 1^ _?"». ,»»*"
°?«HlV. ltUre^f nd planos: no removal; confi-
dential; on diamonds, etc. 23 Taylor st.
C i^.i25 ne M£J,??i a , p ! ed P«»Pl« °n note without
lndorser. MORRELL, 609 Examiner building.
T ?««^ rt^ d » pe ?5 Ie wlthou t collateral or ln-
doreer. S. P. Discount Axency. 113 Ph«lan big.
MUSICAL IXSTItUMESTS.
ANY person having use for a piano can be ac-
commodated at Sherman, Clay & Co.'a wita
easiest payments, lowest prices and most re-
liable makers to choose from. Each the b^at
of their grade, from Steinway down. Priv-
ilege glyen to exchanga medium and low-
STiVifi P .K nos for a new S'e'n^ay *»T tlm«
wlthlI J. three years from data of purchase
Beautiful new uprights sold for $8 cash ami
$6 per mouth. We offer to sell some gooa
P» an °» tor t3. «4 and $5 per month. SHEK-
MAN. CLAY & CO.. Steinway dealers, cor-
ner Kearny and Butter its., tian Francisco
corner Broadway and Thirteenth «_. Oak-'
land.
ABSOLUTELY the largest exclusive wholesale
and retail piano hcuse west of Chicuo-
agents^ peerless Heine and Hallet & Davis'
Boston s eldest and most famtts piano, anrt
ten other makes; pianos rented; rent allowed
on purchase.
3 Heine uprights ........ .....•...............$."£?
1 Mason & Hamlln 30O
2 Stelnways 135
X Chlckering ys
1 Marshall & Wendell C
1 Emerson 35
HEINE PIANO CO.. 217 Geary s_: open
evenings.
THE old reliable Decker & Son pianos; estab-
lished In 13 ju; are found not only In the par-
lors of the wealthy, but also In the families
where a flrst-class article Is desired without
being obliged to pay an exhorbltant pric*.
They can be had In small sizes with plain
case at a figure within the reach of mo3t
any one. and as th? tone and action i» t_*
best, they are real bargains. We sell them
on payments if d-slred. THJ! ZEXO MAU-
VAIS MUSIC CO.. TS3 Market »t.
ABSOLUTELY the oldest and larjrest hons*
west of Chicago Is KOHLER & CHASE'S. 28.
IR and 30 O'Farrell st. : pianos, organs and
all other musical Instruments of all grades
and prices: terms easy; prices lowest: every-
thing possible done to please and satisfy tho
customer.
A BARGAIN LIST.
Ccnover Walnut. Behr Ercs. mahogany. Ster-
ling walnut. Bacon ebonized, Hallett & Davis.
Haines Bros., at sacrifice; J140 up. BKSJ.
CURTAZ & SON. IS O'Farrell st. Ch!ckerln»
agency.
NEUMAN upright. $75; Sh-rwood. SS5: Peek.
$100; other bargains. BRUENN. 203 Poet st.
AT KEEFFETS. 333 Mark-t St.. 4 elegant up-
rlghts at your own price. Shoninger agency.
GREAT many bargains In 2r.d-hand uprights:
small Installments. Horn-ins. 218 McAllister.
SOHMER & CO.. Byron Mauzy. Gabler. Sptel-
mann and Hamilton rlanos. SOS Post st.
FINE large 3-pedal upright piano; must be sac-
rificed In (5 days: leaving city. 232 Turk st.
BEST rent stock In <-lty; ne-— ¦ pianos; t3 per
month. SCOTT CURTAZ. 560 Hayes st.
SUPERIOR violins, zithers, old and new. H.
MULLER. makT. repairer. 2 Latham place.
A cleaning out of pianos for storage; dirt cheap;
Installments. Wilson's Storage. 710 Market.
A BARGAIN'; must be sold; nice upright piano.
SCHMITZ. 16 McAllister »t.. ne_t Hlb. Bank.
HIGH-GRADE pianos: St»ck. Hani man. Con-
over & others. W. B. ALLEN & CO.. 314 Post
MUSICAL INSTRUCTION.
GOOD German piano teacher: lately arrived:
lessons, month $3. 218 Golden Gate ave.
OFFICES AXD STO11ES TO LKT.
NICE furnished efflce and workroom for a den-
tist In a physician's house on Van Ness ave.
Box 370. Call office.
OIL.
JOSEPH B. TOPLITZ. 330 Pine street.
MEMBER PRODUCERS" OIL EXCHANGE.
Country correspondence) solicited.
OIL LANDS FOR SALE.
PROVEN oil lands In the Kern River" Held for
sale; no stock proposition; no wildcat scheme;
this is sure territory In the largest and best
known field In California. Zf you want to form
a company buy good land on the line of the>
railroad. NEWTON. CARMAN &. SOMES.
B. C. MASON, fvsent, -oom 101. Chronicle bid.
A FORTUNE for $5C0— The first U. S. patent
oil land on the market In 20-acre tracts: send
for map and experts' reports and particulars.
A. L. WILLY. 918 Market St.. San Fran-
cisco; phone Black 5213.
i ' PALMISTRY.
H. JEROME FOSSELLI, scientific palmist. 515
Taylor st., bet. Geary and Post; tel. B:acx Sol.
MME. NEERGAARD. 700 Post; tel. Hyde 2332;
hour- 1 to 5 eve., and Sunday by appoint— lent.
PATENTS AND PENSIONS.
ADVICE! free; no charge unless successful.
GEO. D. CAMPBELL. Lawyer. Examiner bin
PI2 It SO. VAILS.
YOUNG man who 'assisted* lady who fell from
Hays- st. car on Nov. 1. please cail at Palacs
Hotel Barber Shop.
ON Monday last John Marchl commenced an
action In the Superior Court her» to recover
the sum of $2712 from A. J. L# Breton, which
Mr. Marchl alleges to be due him on a Judg-
ment against Mr. L« Breton.
RAO carpets wovo to order and for sale; also
chenllle-wove rugs, silk portieres; dealer In
carpet twine. In hank or chain, at lowest
rates. GEO. MATTHEWS. 709 Fifth. Oakland.
MASQUERADE costumes, play books, wigs;
country orders. GOLDSTEIN & CO.. 733 Mkt.
BORROW on pianos, furniture, diamonds,
paintings: secrecy. Uncle Harris. 13 Grant av.
OPERA hair styles; the very ne-— est; only 2.V::
doll wigs a specialty: also hair ornaments,
switches. $1. LF.DERER. 123 Stockton st.
MATTRESSES AND PILLQWS— Tel. South 792;
j made to order; renovated; honest work gua(-
antced; feather3 and hair cleansed: uphol-
i stered furniture eleaniriK a specialty: fine up-
holster}'. HOPKE BROS.. 318 and 320 Uth St.
ELECTRIC light In every room— Winchester
Hotel. 44 Third St., near Market; 700 rooms;
25o to $1 50 per night; $1 60 to $S per week;
free 'bus and baggage to and from tha ferry.
FRED MANN, magnetic healer of nervous and
other dtseasea*. specialist in bead trouble and
rheumatism; pamphlet sent free. 843 McAllistr.
SUITS to order on Installments: $13 upward: $X
a week. LEON LEMOS. 1117 Market et.. be-
tween Seventh and Eighth.
LEDERER'S Qulntonica 13 a superb hair tonic;
unsurpassed; 35c bottle. 123 Stockton st.
FINE suits. S10: dresa pants. $2 73. MISFIT
CLOTHING PARLORS, 437 Montgomery st.
A— $3 BO DERBY and Fedora hats, $1 73. Popu-
lar Prlcw Hatters. 330 Kearny St.. near Pine.
MRS. Dr. James positively cures rheumatism
» without drugs or medicine. 29 Eddy, rm, 30.
ELECTROLYSIS destroys superfluous hair and
moles: trial free. MISS EATON. 1119 gutter.
USE LEDF.RER'S Foamo Shampoo, It will
keep your hair fresh and clean: 5c packa??.
ASK for unequaled D. F. Black Suede Gloves:
$1 25 a pair: guaranteed. 121 Grant ave.
SCIENTIFIC massage treatment by trained
male nurse from the East. 354 O'Farrell st.
DR. LAMOTTE'S French Corn Paint, the best
corn cure: 25c: all druggists. >
SUITS to order on easy payment*. Art Tallor-
Ing Co.. 1644 Mkt.. under St. Nicholas Hotel.
OLD gold, silver, diamonds and precious stones
bought. J. It. JENKEL. 817 Market St.
ALFREDUMS Egyptian Henna; rostores gray
hair to Us natural color; 11; at a!I druggists.
CHEAPEST and best In Amertca-The k '»
Call, is pazes. sent to any address in ta<»
United Staten. postpaid. f° r Tt per_year_
PHYSICIANS AND SLnCEO.VS.
DR C C O'DONNELL— Office and residence.
10nH Market St.. between SUtth and Seventh.
REAL ESTATE — CITY---FOR J»ALB.
OWNERS "of propertVln theJPotrero U»at_ wish
to sell, call on W. J. GUNN. 530 California
street. S. F. Savings Union building.
TO owners of lots north of the Park, between
First and Twentieth avenues. Lake and u
Btreets-I have ca.ls for lots: I have •"!*
everything that was very cheap that I Baa
to offer. Parties wanting to »«"«£• "'^
to call. I want a new list of ProPf 1^- * -Jr
GUNN. £30 California »t.. between Montgom-
ery and Kearny.
GUXX. S3> California st.
ISiawrST finished: a o large £»££«*«£.
hard-finished J*"""^ Pl«^ind Scott;
' «.rSlT-^l» -nth,y
at 6 per cent. _______————
FOR sale or would exchange for cottage *.-d
FOR "aie. ° r _ a _ clsc0 3 acres of rich blacfc
°i-^ house f of * ro^s and bath. barn. 1
chicken houses, poultry, horse and buggy.
qpLFVUtD chance for investment: fine corner
on Harrison «° d Langton nts.:flne new 3-»tcry
bu'ldfi" with all modern improvements; com-
piete ?n'2 weeks. For Information »PP'* to
owner on premises. J. McCAi.ini.
a— SIjOO' modern 5-room colonial cotta?e; larsr*
lot' lawn, flowers, garden; beautiful place:
xj: r? n Var 13tb ave.: rents $:2 mo.: worth
»20PO:mu"rsell; terms! Add, box 239. Call.
MODERN houses built; lowest prices; plans and
estimate, furnished. Campbell. 11« Mli-lafl.Two Hundred French. Canadians and
HOXOLUL/L. Nov. 14.— News has been
received here that about 200 white labor
ers have been engaged in Massachusetts
for sugar plantation work here. They
are French Canadians and Portuguese
and were engaged in New Bedford. They
are declared to have signed contracts to
work for two years at $22 a month for
eight months of the year and Jl 53 per
day for the other four months. Women
and children are to get from $10 to- 115 per
month. The employers are to furnish,
rent, water and fuel free of charge.
It is hoped by the sugar men here that
this is the beginning of a movement of
immigration of white labor here, which
will put an end to the necessity of using
Japanese, who now constitute the greater
proportion of the labor employed on
plantations.
Object to Leper Settlement.
HONOLULU. Nov. 13.— Discussion on
the mainland about the advisability of
establishing a national leper settlement
on the island of Molokai Is deeply re
sented in Ha-arall, where such a proposal
will meet with bitter opposition. Hawaii
has no desire to be made the dumping
ground for lepers from all over the
country. It appears. Judging by newspaper
comment on the subject. Steps are be
ing taken to bring this view of the mat
ter before the authorities at San Fran
cisco and In other places which have re
cently proposed to use Molokai as a place
to send lepers. Figures of the last teiv
years show a rapid decrease In the num
ber of lepers in the Molojcal settlement
and it is claimed that the disease 1* t>«.
ing quickly stamped out in the island.",
so that the Molokat settlement will one
dav be a thing of the past. It is feared
here that attempts will be made at Wash
ington this winter to have a measure
passed through Congress to make Molo
kai a permanent leper settlement-
Right of Appeal Denied.
HONOLULU. Nov. 14.-Chlef Justice
Frear of the Supreme Court has decided
that there Is no appeal from hla court In
the case of Hinds &Co.. owners of ttte
wrecked barkentlne William Carson
against the Wilder Steamship Company
in which case notice of appeal to the Sari
Francisco court was given. The Justice
holds that In this case, which was beerun
under the republic of Hawaii and decided
by the local Circuit Court before Amer
lean laws went into effect, the Supreme
Court of Hawaii Is the court of last re
sort. The Judgroent from which an ap
peal was desired was for the value of the
barkentine. which was sunk in collision
with the Wilder steamer Claudlne. •
Time Ball.
Branch Hydrograrhic Office, V. S. N.. Mer
chants' Exchange. San Francisco, CaL,
November Jl, 1S0O.
Th» time ball en the tower of the new Ferry
building was dropped at exactly noon to-day —
I. e., at noon of the ICOth meridian, or at »
o'clock p. m., Greenwich time.
C. O. CALKIN3.
Lieutenant Orpn-.sTHer. IT, S . >«.. in charge.
NOTE— In the above exposition of the tides
the early morning tides are given In the left
hand column and the successive tides of the
dfcy In the order of occurrence as to time of
day. the third time column the third tide and
the last or right hand column rives the last
tide of the day. except wben there are but
three tides, as sometimes occurs. The heights
given are In addition to the soundings on the
United States Coast Survey charts, except
when a minus sign < — ) precedes the hei<ht. and
then the number given Is subtracted from tha
depth given by the charts. The plane of refer
ence i» the mean of the lower low waters.
Sun, Moon and Tide.
United States Coast and Geodetic Survey-
Times and Heights of High and Low
Waters at Fort Point, entrance to San
FraDdsco Bay. Published by official au
thority of the Superintendent.
NOTE — The high and low waters occur at tha
city front (Mission-street wharf) about twenty
five tn;nutes later than at Fort Point; the
height of tide Is the same at both places.
With the Duchess He Will Visit
America, India and
Japan.
DTJKE OF MANCHESTER
ARRIVES AT ARMAGH
BELFAST, Nov. 21.— The Duke and
Duchess of Manchester arrived at Tan
deragoe Castle. Armagh, yesterday and
were received with great rejoicings. Bon
fire? blazed and illuminations were gen
eral. The crowds cheered a3 the couple
drove through the town. The Duke and
Duchess will go to Japan and India after
visitins the United States.
Marconi System a Success.
HONOLULU. Nov. 14.— The wireless
telegraphy system Is now showing suc
cessful tests and It is promised that the
various islands will be in communication
with one another In a couple of weeks.
Arthur Gray, the new expert sent here
by Signor Marconi, found that the failure
of the system up to this time was due to
the fact that the poles being used were
not properly grounded. Yesterday full
communication was established between
Honolulu and the island of Molokai.
Young Woman Murdered.
ROCHESTER. N. Y., Nov. 21.— Miss
Theresa Keating, a highly respected
young woman, was found murdered near
the New York Central tracks to-day.
She had been robbed of money and valu
ables.
TO SAIL.
Balclutha. from Port Blakeley: schr Oiga. from
Eur-ka.
VICTORIA— Arrived Nor 15— Br bark Rose.
from Shanghai.
NANAIMO— Sailed Nov 20-Br strnr Robert
Adimson, for San Francisco.
OCEAN STEAMERS
TO ARRIVE.
Steamer Movements.
NEW YORK— Arrived Nor 21— Stmr Kensing
ton, from Antwerp; stmr Alter, from. Naples;
stmr Oceanic, from Liverpool.
Sailed Nov 2!-Stmr New York, for South
ampton; stmr Westernland. for Antwerp; stmr
Majestic, for Liverpool.
Arrived Nov 21— Stmr Marouatte, from Lon
don.
GENO A— Arrived Nor lV-Stmr Columbia,
from New York, via Naples.
GLASGOW— Arrived Nov 21— Stmr Ethiopia,
from New York.
ANTWERP— Arrived Nov H— Star Switzer
land, from Philadelphia.
QUEENSTOWN-Salled Nov Jl-fitmr Sax
or.ia, frGm Liverpool, for Boston.
SOUTHAMPTON— Arrived Nov tl— Stmr St
Louis, from New York; stmr Friesland. frop
New Y.-vrk. for Antwerp.
LIVERPOOL— Arrived Nov 21-Stmr Ems.
from New York; stmr Sachem, from Boston;
stmr Tunisian, from Montreal.
MOVILLE— Arrived Nov II— Stmr Ethiopia,
from N'ijaw York, for Glasgow.
LONDON— Arrived Nov 21—Stmr Manitou,
from New York.
There will be some lively times In the
Mexican trade for a while. The advent of
the Mexico, formerly the Manauense, has
raised a storm and there will be a slash
ing of freight and passenger rates by the
opposition in consequence.
The Pacific Coast Steamship Company
has made a deep cut and the owners of
the Mexico will have to meet it or go out
of business.
Passenger rates have been reduced to
all ports about 50 per cent and similar* re
ductions have been made In freight rates.
The freight rate on ordinary merchandise
heretofore in force from San Francisco to
Mazatlan, $10 Mexican per ton, has been
reduced to $3. The rate to Guaymas, Al
tata and other principal ports of call was
$12 50, but has now been reduced to $5.
The rates to Ensenada, which include
lighterage at that place, have been re
duced from $11 to $7; it being understood
that it costs $3 lighterage, which leaves
the steamer $-1 freight.
As these rates are all In Mexican money
and as a Mexican dollar is worth only
about 80 cents American money, it will be
readily seen that the reduced rates are
extremely low, and evidently too low for
profit.
First-class passenger rates have been
reduced to Mazatlan from $40 to 520; to
Guaymas, Altata and other ports of call
from 550 to $25. Second-class rates have
been correspondingly reduced. Whether
or not the opposition line will meet these
rates remains to be seen.
DORIC FROM THE ORIENT.
Overdue Steamer Gets in With Many
Passengers.
The O. and O. Company's steamer Doric
got In from China, Japan and Hawaii yes
terday, nearly forty-eight hours late. She
was delayed by heavy weather and also
through having to land a lot of freight at
Honolulu. Her cabin passengers were:
Mies M. Allen, M. J. Beattle, Nester Bral
bant, C. Churchill, Mrs. F. E. Fernald. Miss
Eugenia Haskell. Otto Llman, Mrs. J. T. My
ers, Passed Assistant Paymaster C. W. Pen
rose, U. S. N.; W. H. Shockley. Dr. K. Vogel
sang, Master H. Vogelsang, A. L. Webster,
D. L. Wolf, Mrs. L. Armstrong, S. R. Betts,
Mrs. S. J. Churchill. F. E. Fernald. Mrs. F.
Haskell, C. H. Junker, Captain J. T. Myers,
U. S. M. C; Mrs. M. Norris, William Reid.
Lieutenant K. Tanaka. I. J. N. ; Mrs. K. Vogel
sang, Mrs. L. W. Washington. C. Loos Wil
liams and Lieutenant K. TamaJI, I. J. N.
Mail Steamer Mariposa.
The Oceanic Steamship Company's Mar
lposa will get away for all Australian
ports to-night. She has an unusually
large passenger list, there being 148 in the
cabin and 120 in the steerage. Chief Stew
ard "Tom" James has made ample provi
sions for everybody, so there will be no
lack of creature comforts and the best of
attention.
For the first time, the mall boats will
call at Pago Pago, the American port, and
give Apia, the German port in Samoa, the
go-by.
The ship Servia cleared yesterday for Mel
bourne with 1,171,(62 feet lumber and 711 rolls
paper, valued at $28,544.
Shipping Merchants.
NEWS OF THE OCEAN.
Matters of Interest to Mariners and
A Cargo for Nanaimo.
The collier Titanla sailed yesterday for
Nanalmo with the following mining supplies,
valued at $10C5. >
114 Bteel rails, 10 bars steel, 44 .bars Iron, 40
pkgs miscellaneous supplies.
Shipping Intelligence.
ARRIVED.
Wednesday, November 21.
Stmr Newsboy, Lundqulst, 27 hours from
Usal.
Stmr MIneola. David. 5 days from Nanalmo.
Stmr Iaqua, Bash, 47 hours from San Diego.
Stmr Columbia, Doran, 60 hours from Port
land, via Astoria 45 hours.
Stmr Corona, Glelow, 53 hours from San
Dlejo and way ports.
Stmr San Juan, Brown, 21 days from Panama
and way yorts.
Etmr Washtenaw. Zolllng, 100 hours from
Tacoma.
Stmr Fulton. Levlnson, £0 hours from
Astoria. \
Br stmr Doric, Smith, Ti days 9 hours E'«
minutes from Hongkong, via Yokohama IS days
12 hours 28 minutes, via Honolulu 5 days 21
hours Zi minutes.
Brig Harriet O, Wayland. 6 days from Grays
Harbor.
Schr Gem, Nelson, 10 days from Grays Har
bor.
Echr Sehome. Peterson, 7 days from Tacoma.
Schr Ida Schnauer, Sorenson, 10 days from
Port Gamble.
CLEARED.'
Wednesday, November 21.
* Stmr Aztec, Trask. Manila, via Honolulu; U
5 Government.
Nor stmr Tltanla. Ernies, Nanalmo; John
Rosen'eliVs Sons.
Ship Servia, Nelson, Melbourne; J J Moore
6 Co.
Whaling- bark Chas W Morgan. Earle. whal
ing- cruise; J &. \V Ft Wins-.
Bktn Archer, Calhoun. Honolulu; Welch &
Co.
SAILED. •
Wednesday, November 21.
Btmr Coronado. Johnson, Grays Harbor.
Etmr Arcata. Nelson, Coos llay.
Ehnr Queen, Thomas, San IHeeo.
Stmr Gipsy, Leland, Santa Cruz.
Etmr Noyo. Johnson. Fort Bragg.
Stmr Sequoia. Wink el, Kort Braes.
Nor ttmr Tltania. B^enes. Nanalmo. ; /;.•_;
Bktn Archer. Calhoun. Honolulu.
Bktn Archer, Calhoun, Honolulu.
Echr Nettle Sundborg, Larsen, Bihlers Point.
TELEGRAPHIC. ';:^-
POINT LOBOS, Nov 51, 10 p m — Weather
cloudy; wind NU\ velocity SO miles per hour;
bar rough.
MISCELLANEOUS.
SEATTLE, Nov 21— Stmr Bertha resorts the
ichr Emma and Louisa a total wreck at Cooks
LONDON, Nov 21 — Manila renorts stmr In
diana ashore, but apparently undamaged. Br
ship Lyderhorn, from Liverpool, for Vancou
v«r. put into Peroambuco.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
PORT HADLOCK- Arrived Nov 21— Shit St
Nicholas, benc« Nov 10.
SAN PEDRO— Arrived Nov 20— Stmr Santa
Barbara, hence Not 19; itrnr Cordelia Heald,
from Santa Barbara: schr Ethel Zane. from
Port Blakeley; sehr Salvator. from Tacoma.
PORT TOWNSEND — Sailed Nov 20 — Ship J B
Brown, for Melbourne.
Arrived N'ov 21— Stmr Bertha and Btmr Dirl
ro, from Alaska; U S stmr Bear, from Nome:
bktn Benlcla, hence Nov 5, for Port Ludlow.
Sailed outward Nov 21— Ship J B Brown, for
Melbourne. ¦
In bay Nov 21— Ship Charmer, from Che
malnus, for Kahulul.
HONOLULU— Arrived Nov 12— Schr Emma
Claudlna, from Eureka. Nov 10— Br stmr Gae
lic, hence Nov 3.
Sailed Nov 9— Ship Star of Russia, for Puget
Sound: bktn Kllkltat, ror Puget Sound; bark
Mohican, for Ban Francisco. Nov 10— Br stmr ;
Gaelic, for China; U S stmr Sherman, for Ma- ;
nlla. Nov 11— Schr Golden Shore, for Puget ¦¦
Bound: Br stmr Port Stephens, for Manila.
Nov 12— Bktn Gardiner City, for Puget Sound.
Nov 13— U S Ftmr Solace, for Guam and Ma
nila; echr Helene. for San Francisco.
SAN PEDRO— Arrived Nov It)— Schr Fanny
Dutard. from Grays Harbor.
EUREKA— Sailed N'ov 21— Stmr Pomona, for
Ran Francisco; bktn J L. Bviston, for Sydney.
ASTORIA-Sailed Nov 21-Br ship Leicester
Castle, for Queenstown.
Arrived Nov 21— Stmr Del Norte. hence Nov
15- *tinr Geo W Elder, hence Nov 19.
SEATTLE— Sfelled Nov 20-^Schr Corona, for
'Arrived^ Nov 21— Stmr Jeanle, hence Nov 17.
PORT GAMBLE— Sailed Nov 2l-Schr Forest
Home, for Valparaiso. „. .
SOUTH BEND—Salled Nov 21— Stmr Rival,
for San Francisco. ¦¦•.••
TACOMA— Arrived Nov 21— Schr Alice, from
EASTERN PORTS.
DELAWARE BREAKWATER— Passed out
Nov 20— Ship R D Rice, for Japan.
NEW YORK— Sailed Nov 20— Stmr Niagara,
for colon. F0REIGN ports. •
. MELBOURNE— Arrived Nor 10— Bark Hes
per. from Cbemalnus.
• Arrived prior to Nov 21— Bktn Omega, from
"HAMBURG— In Dort Nov 8— Br ship Monk
bams, for San Francisco. :;¦•«!,
GUAYMAS— Sailed Nov 4— Ger ship Tarpen
bek. for Oreron. ¦ ¦ . • . _
FALMOITH — Arrived Nov 20 — Br ship
Rhuddlan Ca«Ue. from Tacoma.
¦ CALCUTTA— Arrived .Nov 7— Br ship The
Hlchflelds. from Liverpool. -. to load for^an
. PORT PIRIE— Arrived prior to Nov 2i>— Schr
Manila, from Port Blakeley.
NEWCASTLE, Aus — galled Nov 13— Schr
Honolulu, for Kahulut.
SIDNEY— Arrived prior to Nov 20-Br ship
Charles Jacks has undertaken to find
out whether the burls of the California
redwood can be made the rage In Europe.
Charles Jacks is one of the great workers
in ornamental woods In Paris. Cabinets,
desks furniture, panels and the Interior
ornamentation with handsome woods of
the palatial homes of European million
aires are in his line. When the Southern
Pacific Company's exhibit of California
products was at the great Paris Exposi
tion Mr. Jacks saw redwood there. He
was'at once struck with admiration of its
possibilities for ornamental use. Especial
ly in the burls he saw beautiful patterns
such as no other wood can boast. He re
reatedlv visited the pavilion where the
redwood was and talked with Mr. Mills
about it. Then he announced his Inten
tion to come to California and study Into
the subject of the possible supply of ouch
burls and such otner portions of redwood
trees as he might find adapted to artistic
This promise has been carried out. Mr.
Jacks has been here and has selected a
carload of redwood and has taken it to
Pari<» He 5s supposed to have it now in
hi? warehouse. He said that he believed
that novelty would be an element in Its
favor In Europe. He was surprised to
find that in California, the wood which
he had crossed an ocean and a continent
to secure had been burned for firewood
time out of mind, and that In miles of
redwood fencing and the ties of railways
had been squandered enough decorative
material to ornament all the fine homes
of Europe. He has no doubt, in view of
the use made of the wood here that he
can get all that he may need of It. The
carload that he has taken back across the
ocean was carefully inspected by Mr.
Jacks, piece by piece. The handsomest
specimens only were accepted. Incidental
lv Mr. Jacks inquired the price of land
with redwood trees etandlng upon It, hav
ing in view a purchase if the experiment
that he Is to make shall be as successful
as he experts It will be. Mr. Mills remem
bers Mr. Jacks very well and says that
he is prominent In his line In Paris. Mr.
Mills was naturally gratified that the Cal
ifornia exhibit made by the Southern Pa
cific Company had demonstrated Its value
in this practical way.
He Believes That Palatial Homes of
Europe Are Incomplete Until
They Possess California
Product
Noted French Worker in
Woods Takes a Carload
Over the Sea.
PARISIAN SEEKS
REDWOOD BURLS
Persistent Rumors to the Effect That
Liliuokalani Secretly Knifed
Both Parker and Prince
David.
?— .
HONOLULU. Nov. It.— Practically com
plete election returns from all the Islands
show that Robert Wllcox is safely elected
delegate to Congress, having a majority
of 31(5 for the term of the Fifty-seventh
Congress and 277 for the Fifty-sixth Con
gress, unexpired term. The returns also
show the independent native party in full
control of the Legislature, having a ma
jority in each house and a majority over
both Democrats and Republicans on joint
ballot. ; it, '
The reason for the Independent victory
continues to be a subject of public discus
sion. Most of the newspapers regard the
native vote for "Wilcox as a protest
against annexation. The administration
papers point to a long period of more or
less strong feeling against whites among
the natives, an/l declare that the number
of Hawaiian* who voted with whites as
members of either the Republican or
Democratic party was more than was to
have been expected.
The appointment of Dole as Governor is
referred to by some of the papers as a
reason why the natives refused to affiliate
with the Republican party. It Is claimed
that in appointing Dole Governor antt
Cooper Secretary of the Territory Presi
dent McKinley mado the Republican party
sponsor for ail the acts of the Dole Gov
ernment during the days of the republic
of Hawaii, some of which acts were un
popular with the natives. "The protest is
against the family compact, against a
government of men — not of laws." saya
the Republican, which is an organ of the
so-called anti-Dole or anti-mis3ionary fac
tion of the Republican party.
The Star continues to suggest the send
ing of another man to Washington to look
after Hawaii's interests there, while it
predicts that the next election will see
more natives In the American parties.
The Advertiser say3 that the natives
voted more Intelligently than was expect
ed, and vigorously denies that there Is any
disposition on the part of the leading com
mercial Interests to attempt to secure any
restrictions from Congress of the suffrage
among natives.
Queen Liliuokalanl i3 experiencing an
unpleasant aftermath of tna contest, on
"account of repeated rumors that she
"kniftd" both Parker and Prince David
and gave her assistance to Wilcox In se
cret. According to a sensational atory
published In Honolulu yesterday, the for
mer monarch was repudiated and de
nounced by a number of very prominent
Hawaiian ladies at a social gathering in
the home of Parker a few days ago. Her
Majesty took occasion to converse about
the election and to say that she had not
used her Influence in any way.
Instead cf receiving her explanations as
they were expected to. the ladies present
took an opposite view and some of them
openly told their former monarch that
they believed she had worked for "Wtlcox
and against Parker and David, with the
! result that there was a scene, and the ex-
Queen soon left the house.
The Independents and Democrats are
talking of fusion now, and it is not un
likely that the next election will s«»e the
two parties combined. This will hare the
f effect of putting an end to the dlstlnctly
native character of the Independent par
ty, and will do much towara sinking the
race issues.
The vote at the leper settlement on Mo
lokai was about a hundred short of the
number registered. This was owing to
the fact that a number of the voters are
cripples and were not able to get to the
polls. The settlement went for Prince Da
vid. No campaigners were allowed to
visit the settlement and the Democrats
were the only ones who had a chance to
speak to the lepers. Early in the cam
paign several of Davids campaigners
took advantage of an opportunity to ad
dress a large crowd of them from a boat.
CAPTAIN WINSLOW AND
STACKABLE ARE AT OUTS
Collector of Customs Eefuses to Al
low Chinese From the Solace to
Land at Honolulu.
HONOLULU. Nov. 13.— Captain Herbert
"Wlnslow of the navy transport Solace i3
at outs -with Collector of Customs Stack
able on account of the latters refusal to
allow Chinese on board the transport to
land In Honolulu. The Collector declares
that the laws cf the United States do not
allow such Chinese to set foot on shore,
holding that the circumstances are the
same as in the well known case In which
Admiral Dewey's Chinese were kept from
landing in New York. The result of
Stackable's decision was very strained re
lations between Custom-house men and
the commander of the Solace, who yester
day refused to allow a customs inspector
to go on board his vessel. He claims that
the steamer is rated as, a man of war and
is independent of customs regulations.
The controversy will be submitted to
"Washington. The Collector says that his
instructions from the Treasury Depart
ment are to allow no Chinese from the
mainland to laf.d on Hawaiian soil until
further action by Congress. Commander
"Wins-low stopped a customs guard from
boarding his vessel, but did not prevent
the Collector from doing so. He refused
to muster his Chinese for inspection, as is
the custom here, when asked to do so by
the Collector. When the Collector went to
see him about it. Wlnslow was so much
on his dignity, says Stackable, that the
matter could not be discussed.
On the evening of the 12th one of the
Chinese on the Solace came ashore in
spite of the order from the Custom-hous©
officer at the gangway that he should be
kept on board. He was arrested and re
leased the next morning at the request
of the ship's officers, who stated that he
had been allowed to come on the wharf
through an error. -
Captain "Winslow Is accused by the cus
toms officers of many acts of discourtesy
while here. It is understood that both
he and the Collector have sent reports to
"Washington. United States District At
torney Baird of this district, in reply to
a letter from the Collector, wrote a com
munication supporting the position taken
by the customs bureau.
Refuses to Carry Dispatches.
HONOLULU. Nov. 13.— The Occidental
and Oriental Steamship Company has
made a ruling regarding the carrying of
dispatches by steamers of their line which
is the occasion of a protest from Honolulu
business men. The rule Is that no purser
shall carry from San Francisco to Hono
lulu any letter or package outside of a
mail bajr. This prevents any one in
Hawaii from getting dispatches that may
arrive In San Francisco after the mail
closes for a departing steamer, but before
the steamer leaves. The rule in the past
has been to allow such matter to come in
care of the purser, in a stamped envelope
as provided for by the United States
postal regulations.^
Sailors' Union Wins.
HONOLULU. Nov. 14.-The Sailor*'
Union of the Pacific has just won a big
victory on the Honolulu water from,
establishing Itself In full control of the
shipping business. The ship Star of Rus
sia. Captain Mortensen. has been trying
for two weeks to get a crew without
meeting the union terms of KO wages for
the trip from here to the Sound, and this
morning the captain admitted his failure
and met the unlon"s demands. This la
the highest rate of washes ever paid here.
Sailors are scarce and for the time the
iintnn has absolute control, but it \9
i claimed that when some of the Newcastle
j fleet begins to arrive the other men wll'
be able to compete with the union s.Raln
i Electric Cars In Honolulu.
HONOLULU, Nov. 14. —The first elec
tric cars ever operated In thi3 country
are now running from Honolulu to Pa
cific Heights, a new residence district-
The can- are of the line owned by C. S.
Desky. Work upon the> lines* of the Rapid
Transit Company, which I? to run cars
throughout the city, has besua.
Returns Now In Prom Prac
tically All of the
Islands.
WILCOX HAS A
SAFE MAJORITY
STEAMER RATE WAR NOW ON
BETWEEN HERE AND MEXICO
Pacific Coast Steamship Line
Makes a 50 Per Cent
Cut in Rates.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL,; THURSDAY, NOVEMBER 22, 1900.
THL-RSDAY. NOVEMBER 22.
WHITE LABORERS FOR
THE HAWAIIAN ISLANDS
11
Steamer. Destination. Sails. Pier.
Umatllla .. Victoria Nov. 22. IX am Pier I
Eureka Humboldt Nov. 22. 9 am Pier 13
Marlposa ..(Australia Nov. 22. 4:30 p|PI«r 7
North Fork'Humboldt , Nov. 22. 9am!Pler 2
G Dollar... |Grays Harbor! Nor. 22, 6 pmJPler 2
Corona ....{Newport Nov. 23. 9 ami Pier 11
l£l3 Hambg& way Nov. 23. — amjPler 7
Columbia ..(Portland Nov. 24. 11 am:P1er 21
Pt Arena.. ! Point Arena.. Nov. 24. 2 pmlPler 2
AUIanco ...jPortl'd&C.B. Nov. 24, 9ara|Pler20
Rival WlUapa Nov. 24. 3 pm Pier 2
Pomona ...IHumboldt Nov. 24, Ipm'Pier 9
San Pedro. I Humboldt Nov. 24, 10 amjPler 2
•Ublon {Honolulu I Nov. 24, 10 am Pier 2
Santa Rosa San Diego Nov. 25. 9 am Pier 11
Czarina ....(Seattle Nov. 23. SpnvPler S
Samoa ! Humboldt Nov. 25. 10 am Pier 3
S Barbara. Humboldt j Nov. «. 10 am] Pier 2
N'ewburg ..(Grays Harbor {Nov. 26. 5 pm|Pler 1
City Puebla) Victoria (Nov. 27, 11 am:Pler 9
Bor.lta !Newport I Nov. 27. 9am!Plerll
Empire !Coo»Bay |Nov. 17. lOamJPler VI
Arcata (Coos Bay ! Nov. 28. 12m!Pl-rl3
Queen 'San Diego Nov. 2S. 9 am Pier 11
Doric |Chlna&Japan ! Nov. :s. 1 pm PMSS
Acapulco .. I New York ! Nov. 28. 13 m|PMS3
Steamer.
From.
Due
Samoa (Humboldt Nov. 12
Czarina SSeattle Nov. 22
Santa Kosa San Diego Nov. 22
Crescent City.. Crescent City Nov. 22
Newburg Grays Harbor Nov. 22
Point Arena Point Arena Nov. 22
Pomona Eureka Nov. 12
Alliance Portland and Coos Bay. Nov. 22
Robert Dollar.. .'Seattle Nor. 23
San Pedro |Redondo Nov. 23
City of Puebla-t Victoria Nov. 23
Rival [Wlllapa Harbor Nov. 23
Willamette .... Seattle Nov. 24
Nome City Cape Nome |Nov. 21
Bonlta Newport N . ov - ?
Proereso Taeoma |Nov. 2,>
Queen ISan Diego i..|Nov. 23
Eureka J Humboldt Nov. 25
Santa Barbara.) Humboldt Nov. 25
Mattetvan :Tacoma Nov. S5
Empire Coos Bay |Nov. 25
O. W. Elder... Portland Nov. 24
Arcata Coos Bay Nov. M
Nippon Mara... China and Japan Nov. 27
Curacoa IMexico Nov. 27
South Portland. Seattle Nov. Z7
Corona iNewport Nov. 28
Senator [Alaska &. Puget Sound. Nov. 23
Zealandia [Honolulu..../ Nov. 28
Australia iTahitl Nov. 23
North Fork ....IHumboldt Nov. 28
Rainier [Seattle [Nov. 23
Sun rises 8:57
Sun sets 4:54
Moon sets 0:00 p. m.
O lTlme| |Tlme| |Tlme| |Tlme(
s i |st;j jFt. . 1 Ft. I 1 Ft.
22 ... 0:10 4.3 4:26) 3.0 10:52! 5.7 5:331—0.5
a ... 0:53 4.4 5:07! S.2 11:04 i.i 6:13 — «.«
24 ... 1:3S 4.5 5:52 3.2; 11:43 5.7 «:S4 — O.S
£5 ... 2:22 4.8! «:« 3.2| Vt:S 5.5 JtStU+.t
25 ... 3:06; 4.SJ 7:41 J.2j 1:13.' 5.2 8:22-0.2
27... 3:»| 5.0| 8:50! 3.2J 2:19J 4.9; 9:12| 0.2
Sun rises 8:57
Sun sets 4:54
Moon sets 0:00 p. m.
O lTlme| |Tlme| |Tlme| |Tlme(
s i |st;j jFt. . 1 Ft. I 1 Ft.
22 ... 0:10 4.3 4:26) 3.0 10:52! 5.7 5:331—0.5
a ... 0:53 4.4 5:07! S.2 11:04 i.i 6:13 — «.«
24 ... 1:3S 4.5 5:52 3.2; 11:43 5.7 «:S4 — O.S
£5 ... 2:22 4.8! «:« 3.2| Vt:S 5.5 JtStU+.t
25 ... 3:06; 4.SJ 7:41 J.2j 1:13.' 5.2 8:22-0.2
27... 3:»| 5.0| 8:50! 3.2J 2:19J 4.9; 9:12| 0.2
Steamer. Destination. Sails. Pier.
Umatllla .. Victoria Nov. 22. IX am Pier I
Eureka Humboldt Nov. 22. 9 am Pier 13
Marlposa ..(Australia Nov. 22. 4:30 p|PI«r 7
North Fork'Humboldt , Nov. 22. 9am!Pler 2
G Dollar... |Grays Harbor! Nor. 22, 6 pmJPler 2
Corona ....{Newport Nov. 23. 9 ami Pier 11
l£l3 Hambg& way Nov. 23. — amjPler 7
Columbia ..(Portland Nov. 24. 11 am:P1er 21
Pt Arena.. ! Point Arena.. Nov. 24. 2 pmlPler 2
AUIanco ...jPortl'd&C.B. Nov. 24, 9ara|Pler20
Rival WlUapa Nov. 24. 3 pm Pier 2
Pomona ...IHumboldt Nov. 24, Ipm'Pier 9
San Pedro. I Humboldt Nov. 24, 10 amjPler 2
•Ublon {Honolulu I Nov. 24, 10 am Pier 2
Santa Rosa San Diego Nov. 25. 9 am Pier 11
Czarina ....(Seattle Nov. 23. SpnvPler S
Samoa ! Humboldt Nov. 25. 10 am Pier 3
S Barbara. Humboldt j Nov. «. 10 am] Pier 2
N'ewburg ..(Grays Harbor {Nov. 26. 5 pm|Pler 1
City Puebla) Victoria (Nov. 27, 11 am:Pler 9
Bor.lta !Newport I Nov. 27. 9am!Plerll
Empire !Coo»Bay |Nov. 17. lOamJPler VI
Arcata (Coos Bay ! Nov. 28. 12m!Pl-rl3
Queen 'San Diego Nov. 2S. 9 am Pier 11
Doric |Chlna&Japan ! Nov. :s. 1 pm PMSS
Acapulco .. I New York ! Nov. 28. 13 m|PMS3
Steamer.
From.
Due
Samoa (Humboldt Nov. 12
Czarina SSeattle Nov. 22
Santa Kosa San Diego Nov. 22
Crescent City.. Crescent City Nov. 22
Newburg Grays Harbor Nov. 22
Point Arena Point Arena Nov. 22
Pomona Eureka Nov. 12
Alliance Portland and Coos Bay. Nov. 22
Robert Dollar.. .'Seattle Nor. 23
San Pedro |Redondo Nov. 23
City of Puebla-t Victoria Nov. 23
Rival [Wlllapa Harbor Nov. 23
Willamette .... Seattle Nov. 24
Nome City Cape Nome |Nov. 21
Bonlta Newport N . ov - ?
Proereso Taeoma |Nov. 2,>
Queen ISan Diego i..|Nov. 23
Eureka J Humboldt Nov. 25
Santa Barbara.) Humboldt Nov. 25
Mattetvan :Tacoma Nov. S5
Empire Coos Bay |Nov. 25
O. W. Elder... Portland Nov. 24
Arcata Coos Bay Nov. M
Nippon Mara... China and Japan Nov. 27
Curacoa IMexico Nov. 27
South Portland. Seattle Nov. Z7
Corona iNewport Nov. 28
Senator [Alaska &. Puget Sound. Nov. 23
Zealandia [Honolulu..../ Nov. 28
Australia iTahitl Nov. 23
North Fork ....IHumboldt Nov. 28
Rainier [Seattle [Nov. 23
Down Comforters
We have just received a new shipment of bed com-
forters, filled with the finest quality of imported white
German down and covered with silk and satin in a variety
of daintily colored floral designs ; also brocaded and fig-
ured centers with plain solid colored borders, at prices
S I 2iOO to A- yOO each
Eiderdown Jackets
Ladies' double breasted eiderdown dressing sacques in
all colors, with silk frog buttons and crocheted edges,
Dressing Robes
Ladies' satin bound eiderdown dressing robes in all
colors with appliqued collar, silk frog buttons and outside
Ladies' woven wool shawls in all colors, 45 inches
square, with fringe on all sides at
Novelty Fascinators
Imported wool and chenille mixed fascinators, very
stylish for evening wear, lyi yards long, in all colors at
I • $O each
Table Covers
Extra heavy reversible tapestry table covers, two
yards square and fringed on all sides; colors are new and
the patterns are all choice designs, sale price
$ 2 .75 each
New Pin C u s h i o n s
A handsome assortment of satin covered pin cushions
in oblong, round or square and covered with hand painted
tops, trimmed with ribbons and lace ruffles, at prices
ranging from .;•/ ; *
75c to $3.75 each
Write for our new illustrated catalogue.
129 Kearny Street ,
nna estate — citv — foii sale.
HEADQUARTERS FOR PARK LOTS I
CHEAT BARGAINS!
CHOICEST LOCATION'S!
KVi t? fSCKV-Graded Sunset loU: 110 monthly.
•30P to «i00— Lots Nineteenth, ave. boulevard;
%c accsthly.
teOO to U0>— Cic'.cen Richmond lot*; S10
cintklT-
$75 to SSOO— Ocean boulevard lota; 15 monthly.
•: v to $250— Level Mission lots, near cars; {*>
rr.cctfc'.y.
tT5 to 1125— Gets Addition, near Saa Mateo
cars; |l weekly.
fSOO to 11900—rew cottages: Installment* Ilk*
rent.
E-anrh office Ninth ave. and H st. Sunset, j
Open every day and Sunday. Call for m*ps !
eca <J!aeraa-.s.
SOL GETZ * BROTHER.
ROOM M. CHRONICLE BLDO.
— — — I
I-ROOM cottape. bam ar.d Jersey cow; rood i
order.__ F1fteenth_and Harrr'sM;-* ' ;^
HEAL ESTATE COrXTRV — For Sale>
IC ACRES level. *an<!y leam; 1 mile from Peta-
ttn&a: 4-room hard-finished house; well: barn:
poultry houses; J'4«<v terms to suit: write lor
?ree lirt. J. W- HORN. Petalu;r.a. Cal.
REAL KSTATK TO EXCHANGE.
NEW rottaee 6 rms.. bath: lot SOkICO: Mission;
rental terms: and vacant lof. 413 Kearr.y «t.
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS.
ROOMS A\D BOARD.
V.'E can offer elerar.t suite of rooms and board
Jr. is elegant private heme In Alameda to |
r^Sned couple; references required. Box S63. |
("all office. •
FRUITY ALE ADVERTISEMENTS
FRUITVALE FURNISHED HOUSES
COTTAGE of 6 rooms or part cf same. Address !
MME. DAUNET. Fremcnt ave.. Frultvale.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
OFFICE— 1118 BROADWAY.
OAKLAND REAL ESTATE.
IZ' CASH, J5 monthly: new barn and outhouse:
lot ii 13-10CrT2 41-10CxlST:€; perfectly level:
sandy loam soil; % - lew and climate the very
best; sear wide boulevard and fronting on a
good county read: near two electric c»r lines.
ftores ani caw Town Hall; close to a model
echocl: fco families located within 14 years;
AUendaie Settlement; the workingman's prop-
ertv. aijoir.iTig Es.st Oakland: see this bargain
at "once; price a'l told. JSiS: call or send for
circular. 4",3 Seventh et.. Broadway station,
Oakland: HENRY Z. JONES, owner.
fCR raie In Oakland— By order Hlbemia Bank;
l-stcry house, double parlors, dining-room and
kitchen; 6 C'-ed b-droorne; bathroom; closets;
rar.try: lavatories; corner; lot £0x115: 1 biocic
frcm Te!egraph-ave. electric line; only 13000;
easy terms it desired; Just renovated and in
perfect ccndlticn.
HERON & HOLCOMB.
1060 Broadway. Oakland.
OAKLAND HOUSES TO LET.
GOOD houses. Get list from GEO. TV. AUS-
TIN A CO.. T*l<* Broadway. Oakland.
OAKLAND FURNITURE FOR SALE.
AN Introduction to you from H. Schellhaas. the
furniture dealer. 11th and Franklin. Oakland.
ROOMS FOR HOUSEKEEPING.
FIFTH. Z*% — Two rooias furnished for house-
keeping; rer.t cheap.
F<"TRTH, 2^— Nice housekeeping room; aiso
t ir.gie room*.
HOWARD, 1063V- 2 completely furnished sunny
•'.cms; rur.nirg water; also others.
LARKIN. ISIS, near Washington— J s::nny un-
•uraisbed rooms, with carpets.
Market, nr. Mason— Larce room and kit-
chen, re'ding bed. eras. $10, Call 142 Kearnr st,
MARTHA place. 4. eff Geary, bet. Maaon and
Taylor— 2 sunny furnished rooms; gaa range.
MINNA. IS— Nice sunrsy furnished front house-
keeping roorr.s-. Tic and Jl per week.
POLK, TIT—I furnished rooms for light hous«-
. ¦ : ¦ .-• use of bath; $11-
FILVER. 165. near Fourth— 2 or > room» fur-
rished for housekeeping; cheap.
6TOCKTON, 731. ccr. California— Two rooms
cotrj-'ete for housekeeping.
TKHAMA. 42.— Housekeeping rooms.
VAN NESS. 4CI— Entire upper fioor.t rooms and
bath elegantly furnished; gas ras«;e; cunny.
CLASSIFIED advertisement* and subscriptions
received at Call branch orfice, 23» Fillmore st,
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscription* baa been established at 10S6
Valencia rt.
ROOMS TO LET — Porn, and tnfarn.
A— BRL'.NtWICK House. US £lxth— Rooms 25o
to $1 per rjight; $1 25 to $5 per week, and ii fc -at
housekeeping; open all eight.
ErRNETT. H^ Market .old No. 12H)-Fur-
r.lshed rms.. suites, single; also unfurnished.
EUEH. E20 (The Elk)— Changed hands: newly
r»novat«r<J. nicely f urn. sunny rms., $1 SO to $7
week; 3c to Jl W eight. MRS. P. RANFT.
BCEH. 2:S3— Furnished sunny rooms; front;
running water.
EDDV, IC/4'i— Suar-y furnished room; reason-
able.
r«.'LSOM, S€3. cor. tth (Toe Oliver)— New fur-
nished runny rxris., single, suites; reasonable.
GEAP.T. 4^ <TheNsvarre>— Elegantly furnished
rrr.s; suites or single; travelers accommodated.
GRAND SOUTHERN, southeast corner Seventh
ar.d Mission «ts.— Sunny rooms, en suite cr
•^rjjr'e: la-li"-*' parlor; reading-room; elevator.
HARRISON. 7S4'-i. rear Fourta-Flnely fur-
ciEhed sunny rooms; bath; all conveniences;
horr.e'ike; private; $1 a week up.
KO*TARB. lOCiS— Newly furnished »tmnr front
b*y-wisdow room; very reasonable; a*33
other*. ,..::,
LARKIN, 104 — Sunny front, room, neatly fur-
nished. 1 or 1 permone. If: also single; $4 SO.
LAS PALMA8. LK20 Market st.— Suite of 2 or S
rms.; prlvat** bath; tin. rms; board optional.
iicCLELLAND, 209 Turk St.— Changed hands;
newly renovated: all rooms facing either
Turic or Jones et. ; rent reasonable.
MINNA, 667. corner Elgfcth-N«w furnished
fcay-wln&ow room. II 'per week; transient.
NEW ARLINGTON, XK« Market »t-— Nicely
furnished rooma, it a -week op; ZSc a fl«.y up.
OFARRELL, »— Sunsjr furnished rooms and
offices; elevator; «1ectrto lights; day. wk., mo.
P.OTAL House. 12« Ellis st.— Incandescent Ught:
roadlncr-room. esnoklisg'-rooxn and ladle*" par-
lor: rooms, per right. 35c to SI M: wee*. S2 to
$!; month. J* to $';*; c'.evator on ground floor;
rooms with hot and co!l water; baths.
KOSEDALE House. SU and 321 Ellis «t.— Rooms.
- right ric to $1. «wk SI 25 to *4; open night.
KIIERMAN Apartment House, 3 Eighth St..
rear Market— Furnished or unfurnished.
SIXTH. 13t— Furnished room, suitable for gen-
t!«ran.
SIXTEENTH. 2111. near Howard— Large front
unlunu'rned room, with irate.
THIRTIETH. Vi-Z nice sunny furnished
rooms to let: flee view; private family.
VAN NESS. 1I0O-- Newly . furnished sunny
r- oms; very convenient; large closets.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. rs» Fillmore st.
A BRANCH efflee for Call advertisement* and
i"jbrcrlpt!ons has been established at IVA
Valeria «t.
HOCMS AND HOARD.
SIU-ECT family note!; new interior; three spe-
cial dinners weekly; rates to establish. 8C7
Ca'.i fcrala st. ?
BOARD »cd rooms at 415 Flr«t st.. near Har-
ROOSIS WANTED.
WANTTO-Two or three TurnTehed^or partly
furnished mir.ny rooms fcr housekeeping, two
or three blocks from the Call building; state
t*™». Box 2350, Call office.
\VANTEI>-Roem with board la private family
br artirt. Address box S72. Call offlce-
WAXTED-I^rfi! unfurnished basement room,
13 or |4: one person. Btx 257, Call office.
SLOT MACHINES.
EDI'GHT and sold;- new and second-hand : large
display; *ery cheap. 1:57 Market.bet. 7ta & Stb.
SPECIAL XOTICES.
LADIES-Chlchefter'B English Pennyroyal Pills
are the best; safe, reliable: take no ether;
send 4c stamps fcr particulars; : "Relief for
Ladles" In letter by return mall; at drur-
eists. Chichester Chemical Co.. Phlladel.. Pa.
PILES— PETER FREILING'S pile salve. \\ per
box: warranted to cure all cases of bleeding,
itchlntr. external. internal or protruding
pile* without fall, no matter of how long
ttandlng. IKS Pevlsadero st.. near gutter.
BAD tenants ejected for $4; collections made;
city or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION CO..
<:5 Montgomery et.. rooms »-10; tel, 55S0.
ROOMS papered from %2 £0; whitened. . Jl up;
painting done. Hartman Paint Co.. 319 Third.
SKWIXG 3IACHI.NES AXD SUPPLIES.
ALL kinds bought, sold, rented, exchanged; re-
pairing lowest rates; open even. 205 Fourth.
EtOCCHT. sold, rented, repaired; needles and
thuttl-rs: reduced rates. 115 Cth; phone Mint .5.
A LI- kinds bcueht. sold and repairing guaran-
t«<i. Charles Plpmbeck. 1913 Mission, nr. 15th
STORAGE AXD WAREHOUSES.
BEKIN'S Van and Storage Co., 722 Mission at.;
tel. Main 1S49; shipping at cut rates.
WILSON BROS., storage and moving; covered
vans. Tenth and Market; phone South '62.
PACIFIC tftcraee and Furniture Moving Com-
j.any. ::?> Fillmore et.: phone Jackson 2SU
TVPBWRITEnj AXD SUPPLIES.
GREATBAKGAINS IN TYPEvTRITERS^We
»rtl beiter machines fcr less money than any
reuse in the city: rentals. 13. Th3 Typewriter
Exchange. 635 California : telephone Main 268.
ALWAYS bargains in typewriters; any make.
Write for prices to L A Si. ALEXANDER,
110 Montgomery st.
DIVIDEXD NOTICES.
DIVIDEND Notice—^Dividend "xo! ill Tflfty
cents per share) of the Oceanic Steamship
Company will be payable at the efftee of the
company, £27 Market st., en and after Satur-
day. December 1. 1900. Transfer books will
close en Saturday. November 24. 1S00. at 12 m.
E. H. SHELDON*. Secretary.
1-ROI'OsALS.
PROPOSALS fcr Clothing and Equipage. Depot
Quartermasters Office, 26 New Montgomery
ft-. San Francisco, Cal.. November S, 1S0O —
Sealed proposals^ in triplicate, will be received
i *t this oftice until 10 o'clock a. m.. Friday.
l November Z3. 19vO, Pacific Standard Time,
and then cpenej. for furnishing; Wool Blan-
kets. Leather Gauntlets. Berlin Gloves, Hat
Ccrds. LcF?ins, Chambray Shirts. Cotton Un-
der Shirts, Woolen Stockings, Suspenders, Cot-
tor. Stockings, Scrubbing Brushes. Storm and
ltecruuir.g Flags. Recruiting Flag Halliards,
G&rnson and Pest Flag Halliards. Quan-
tities to be subject to an Increase of 10 per
cent, if desired, by this department. Un-
guaranteed bids and bids upon samples dif-
fering from standards and specifications on
requirements Will, except In the cases here-
inafter mentioned, und«r no circumstances
be considered; proposals fcr less quantities
than advertised for will be entertained. Bldi
will be opened for the delivery cf the same ar-
ticles at either the San Francisco. Chicago,
Philadelphia or Boston depots, but ncne will
be given consideration for delivery at other
pcir.ts than thrye named above. Early de-
li\eries are essential. Proposals upon wooiej
stockings, heavy quality, having seamless
toes and full seamless heels, but otherwise
I conforming to specifications, will also be
! entertained, in which case proposals offering
ruch must be accompaniei by sample. Bid-
ders uron scrubbing brushes wi!i be permit-
ted to submit samples differing from speci-
fications and standard requirements. Prefer-
- tr.ee will be given to articles of domestic
I production and manufacture, conditions of
! price and quality being equal (Including In
I the price of foreign production and manufac-
I Jure the duty thereon*, and such preferencs
will be given to articles of American pro-
duction and manufacture produced on the Pa-
c'.Sc Coast, to the extent- cf the consumption
required by the public service there. Tne
United States reserves the right to accept or
reject any or all proposals or any part there-
cf. Information and blanks for proposals
will be furnished on application. Envelopes
containing proposals will be Indorsed: "Pro-
rcsals No. Sill," and addressed to Major
OSCAR F. LONG. Quartermaster, U. S.
Vc!s., Depot Quartermaster.
MASRIAGE LICENSES.
The following marriage licenses were Issued
yesterday:
Carlo Polldorl. 28. 71? Vallejo street, and
_annna Matteoni, 1\ 3 Jackson place
Vincent Eona. 21. EOtti Filbert street, and
H«-len C. Connors. 1?. 3:3 Vallejo street.
William Usedom. 26. IS Sacramento street,
and Annie Schmidt, 20, 506 Willow avenue
Charles H. Sloman. 32. 2:<33 California street.
and May M. Simpson. 22, Woodland.
George P. Lauinger, 30. 1719 Mason street.
• nd Mary A. Ross. 51. 1719 Mason street.
i Edward G. Robertson, 23, 1107 Folsom street
and Jennie M. Dunnett. Jl, 31?? Twenty-third.
| V.arren W. Conant, 23, Grass Valley, and
i Cora R. Jones. 21. city.
Yuba River Parks. 4?. 54 Sixth street, and
I Elizabeth Prows, 45. 11M Golden Gate avenue.
Charles F. ileyer, 25. 2106 Lombard street,
and Bertha C. Hagemar.n. 2X 1410 Bush street.
I Patrick J. Gaul, "i, 1427 San Bruno avenue,
| and Kate Hayes, £5. city.
John J. Ryan. Z>. 3S12 Nineteenth street, and
Nel'.ie L. Lir.nane. 21, 6C Porter street.
Jan~.es E. Toom??, 21. San Jose, and Nada
Carter. I 1 !, San Jcse.
Richard Meagles. JS. 2590 Post street, and
Theresa Black. 23. 1413 Lyon Ftreet.
BIRTHS— MARRIAGES— DEATHS.
Birth, marriage and death notices sent by
ma'.l will net be Inserted. They must be handed
I In at either of the publication offices and bs
I Indorsed with the name and residence of per-
| sons authorized to have the same published.
: MARRIED.
DOWNS— ROBERTS— In this city. November
If. 1908. by the Rev. A. S. Clark of St. Luke's
Cl.urch, Arthur Downs and Margaret Roberts.
j HARRINGTON— CONLET— In this city, No-
vember 21. 1SC0. by the Rev. Dr. John A. B.
Wileon, Gecrje H. Harrington and Georglana
Conley. both of San Francisco.
NOAH— ROSENZWEIG— In this city. Novem-
ber IS, 1300. by Rabbi Isidore Myers, Jacob
Noah and Sallle Rosenzwelg. both of San
Francisco.
DIED.
Ashman, William H. McCabe. Margaret
. Brewer, Mary McC McCarthy. John
' Burke. Thomas F. Maher. Mary M.
Cuka, John Miller. Georjre R.
Desmond. James Reichart, Sister Mary
Eli!ctt, Saraii T. Rohn. narles
Fitzharris, John I. Rottanzl, Leopoldo
Frank. Auzustus F. Paul. Kdmund
Hallett. Lillian Pchmidt, Herrman
Honigsberger, Louis Smith. Joslah F.
Hutchinson. Jane B. Thomsen. William M.
JUeck. Frances E. Whltehorn, Phoebe
Kells, Mary
ASHMAN— In this city, November 20. 1900.
William H. Ashman, dearly beloved husband
cf Margaret Ashman, and fatber of William
Jr.. Arthur and Delia Ashman, a native of
Germany. A member of Eureka Lodge No. 9,
I K. cf P.
CT Friends smd acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
i 'Friday), at 1:30 o'clock, from tb« parlors of
j H. F. Suhr & Co., 11X7 Mission street, be-
; twees Seventh and Eighth. Interment Mount
Olivet Cemetery.
BREWER-In San Joee. November Jl. 1900.
May McCorrln Brewer. wi:« of W. P. A.
Brewer.
B7 Friends aad acquaintance* are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral al thi
Catholic Church, San Mateo. to-morrow (Fri-
day), at 10:30 o'clock.
BURKE — In this city. November 20 1900.
Tbcmu F.. beloved son of Thomas and Ca«-
eic Burke, and brother of Rosle and Anna
Burke. Mr*. Elite Sullivan and Mrs. Albert
Haller, a native cf San Francisco, aged 2s
years 4 months and 25 days.
ICTTrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
• Thursday), at 12-.J0 o'clock, from his lat«
residence, 603 Buchanan street, near Fell. In-
terment Holy Cress Cemetery.
CUKA— In thle city. November Tl. 1900. John
Cuka. dearly beloved ton of Jacob and Mar-
« tha Cuka, and beloved brother of Victoria,
Katie and Gforgie CuVa, a native of Cleve-
land. Ohio, aged 13 years 3 months and S
days. (Cleveland. Ohio, papers please copy.)
CTT'Frie-ids and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
'Friday), at 1 o'clock, from the residence cf
his parents. 921 Howard Etreet. between Fifth
and Sixth. Interment Cypress Lawn Ceme-
! tery.
! DESMOND— In this city. November 21. 1*».
James Desmond, a native of Ireland, aaed 71
years.
ELLIOTT— In this city. November 21. 1800.
Sarah Temperance Elliott, mother of Mr». R.
Weedon. Mrs. Maud Hatch and Charles and
Jerome Elliott, a native of Missouri, aged &8
years 8 months and 14 days.
FITZHARRIS-In this city, November 21. 1900.
John I.. b»loved husband of Cruz Q. Fitz-
harris. and brother of Mrs. Joseph V. Am»s
and t^ouls Navarro, a native of San Fran-
} Cisco, aged 38 years and 4 months.
I FRANK— In this city, November 21. 1900, Au-
tustus F.. only and beloved child of F. TV*.
and Kittie Frank, a native of San Francisco,
ared 25 dars-
HALUTT — In Byron. Springs, November 21.
j 1W0, Lillian Hallett (formerly Lillian Carroll),
! beloved wife of John M. Hallett. a native of
Cleveland, Ohio, aged 3S years 9 months and
U days.
HONIGSBERGER— In this city. November 20.
l'<C0. Louis Honijjsbercer. b»love«J father of
Mrs. J. O. Hirschfelder and Mrs. E. L. Frank
cf N>w Tork. a native of Floss. Bavaria.
AC*d S4 years 2 months and 8 days.
E"7"The funeral services will take plac*
this day (Thurg&ay). at 10 o'clock, at his
ilBNRY J. GALLAGHER CO.,
t£uccessor to Flanr.aran & Gallagher)
Daniel p. donovan. Mrr.
FUNEHAL DIRECTORS AND EMBA1MER3.
20 Flztb *t.. opposite Lincoln School.
Telephoae South 69.
' late residence, 13D2 Geary street. Interment
private. Please omit flowers.
HUTCHINSON— In this city. November 2L 1900,
Jane B. ' Hutchlnson, beloved sister of Atkin
E.. Caroline XV. and John R. Matches, a na-
tive of Wales, England, aged 72 years and
10 days.
E7Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
fFrlday), at 2 o'clock, from the Central
Methodist Church. Mission street, between
Sixth and Seventh. Interment I. O. O. F.
Cemetery.
JILECK-In this city. November 21. 1900, Fran-
ces Ellen, beloved daughter of George R. and
Nellie JUeck. a native of San Francisco, aged
1 month and 11 days.
KELLS-In this city, November 2L 1300, Mary
Kells, a native of Templetown, County Wex-
ford. Ireland, aged S3 years.
ICTTriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Friday), at 9:30 o'clock, from the residence
of Neal McGillaway. IS Guy place, off First
street, between Folsom ar.d Harrison, thence
to St. Brendan's Church, where a solemn re-
quiem high mass will be celebrated for the
repose of her soul, commencing at 10 o'clock.
Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
McCAEE-In this city, November 21. 1DO0, Mar-
garet, beloved wife of James McCabe. and
mother of Mamie J. McCabe, a native of
County Limerick, Ireland, aged 65 years 3
months and 3 days.
E7"Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Friday), at 10 o'clock, from the funeral par-
lors of McGinn Bros.. 31 Eddy street. Inter-
ment Holy Cross Cemetery.
MCCARTHY— In this city, November 21, 1300.
John McCarthy, a native of the parish of
Desert. County Cork. Ireland, agred TO years.
G7 Friends and acquaintances are respect-
f'llly invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
fKrlCay). at ?:33 o'clock, from the parlors of
the United Undertakers, 27 and 23 Fifth
street, (hence to St. Patrick's Church, where
a reculem high nia-s will be celebrated for
the repose of his soul at 9 o'clock. Interment
Holy Cross Cemetery.
MAHER-ln this city. November 21. 1300. Mary
Margaret, infant daughter of J. B. and Annie
Malier. a native of San Francisco, aged 4
months and 25 days.
illULTiR— In this city. November 21. 1900,
George Robert, beloved son of Frank and the
late Alice C. Miller, brother of Mabel N.
Miller, and nephew of Miss J. E. and Robert
W. Gre^r. a native of Nebraska, aged 10
years 1 month and 4 days.
RE1CHART*-In this city, November 21. 1S00,
Sister Mary Aloysius Relchart, Sister cf
Mercy, a native of Chicago, 111., in the £6th
year of her a^e.
C3"The luneral will take place to-morrow
(Friday), from the Chapel of the Passion, at-
tachtM to St. Mary's Hospital, where a sol-
emn requiem mass will be celebrated for the
repose of her eouI. commencing at 9 o'clock.
Friends are invited to attend the mass. In-
t«?rmf>nt private. Please omit flowers.
ROHN— In the City and County Hospital. No-
vember 20, 1900, Charles Rohn, a native of
Germany, aged 62 years.
ROTTANZI-In this city. November 21. 1900.
Leopoldo Rcttanzl, a native of Faldo, Switz-
erland, aged 66 years.
SAUL— In this city. November 21, 1300, Ed-
mund, husband of the late Margaret Saul, a
" native of Prospect. Nova Scotia, aged 75
years and 11 months. (Boston and New York
papers piease copy.)
CTFriends are respectfully Invited to at-
tend the funeral to-ir.urrow (Friday), at 9:30
o'clock, from his late residence, 2010 Eddy
street, thence to Holy Cross Church, where
a solemn requiem mass will be celebrated for
the reoose of his soul, commencing at 10
o'clock. Interment Mount Calvary Cemetery.
SCHMIDT— In this city. November 21. 1P00.
Herrman. beloved husband of WUhelmine
Schmidt, father of Dora D.. Frledrich R..
Wilhelm C. V.'illiam T.. Bertha A. and Eve-
line A. frhmidt, and brother of Chris H. and
Albert Schmidt, a native of Germany, aged
39 years 10 months and" 5 da^s.
SMITH— In this city, November 21. 1900. Joslah
F. Smith, beloved father of F.lbridge T. and
Winnie Smith and Mrs. Mary Robertson, a
native of Maine, aged 63 years 4 months and
6 da\s.
THOMSEN— In Alameda, November 21. 1300.
William M. Thomsen. son of Johanna and
the late Christian Thomsen. a native of Ala-
meda. aged 22 years.
Z^T Funeral private.
WHITETHORN— In Uklah, November 20. 1900,
Phoebe Hester, beloved wife of George White-
horn, mother of Muriel E., Clifford and Doris
Whitehcrn. daughter of Charles and Hester
Kewell. and sister of Charles H.. Frederick
W. and Emelle W. Kewell and Mrs. Minnie
J. Francis, a native of London, England.
aged %% years 10 months and 5 days.
Builders' Contracts.
Hugo C. Bachrodt (owner) with W. R. Ken-
ny (contractor*, architect owner— All work for
a three-story frame building (fiats) on E lino
of Noe street. 77:6 N of Henry. N 25 by E 105;
I406O.
Fritz Prless fown«r) with John H. Munster
(contractor), architect .—All work except
plumbing-, tinning, gas fixtures, mantels and
window shades ror a one-story frame bulldin*
with rough basement on NE line of Twentieth
avenue (South). 150 SE L street, SE T5 by NE
100: J149O.
Mrs. Emily C. Wilson (owner) with Felix
Marcuse (contractor and architect) — All work
for a five-room frame building except plaster-
Ing on E line of Twenty-third avenue, 225 S
of I.ak's street. S 75 by 120; $1815.
James H. Jennings (owner) wlthJ. L. Wil-
son 'contractor), architects McDousall Bros. —
Brick, carpenter and mill work, lathing and
plastering, tin work, galvanized Iron work,
glazing, stairs and hardware for a two-story
and basement frame building on E line of
BrodTlck f=tre»t, 53:6 S of Grove. S 28 by E
110. W A E14; J4!>50.While raiding a lottery game In China
town yesterday afternoon Policemen
Dougherty and Herring of the Chinatown
squad .noticed a white man standing in
front of the place acting In a peculiar
manner. Failing to find the necessary
evidence the officers left tho place and
were met by the stranger, who demanded
to know why they had broken into the
place. Thinking that he was one- of the
eccentric characters that Infest China
town the policemen paid no attention to
him. After walking a short distance
Policeman Herring noticed that the stran
ger was following him and his companion.
Suspecting that the man was bent on mis
chief. Herring suggested to his fellow
policeman that they hold him up. While
they were discussing the proposition the
stranger accosted them, and, menacingly
placing his right hand on his hip pocket,
demanded to know what right they had to
break up the lottery^ game* Both the of
ficers closed in on him and after a short
struggle they succeeded in placing hand
cufTs on his wrists.
When taken to the City Prison a loaded
bulldog revolver, a dirk knife and a slung
shot were found in the prisoner's posses
sion.
Tho prisoner gave his name as iioralse
Lenack and his occupation as that of a
tailor.
Objects to Them Interfering
With a Chinese
Lottery.
LUNATIC PLANS TO
KILL POLICEMEN
A welcome home meeting to Colonel and
Mrs. Duncan will be held In the hall of
the Volunteers of America, Post No. l,
at 30 Fourth street, this evening at S
o'clock. Colonel and Mrs. Duncan have
Just returned from the annual session of
the grand field council of the Volunteerj
In New York City.
A Welcome Home Meeting 1 .
Epworth League Alliance Rally.
The quarterly* rally of the Ep worth
League Alliance will be held this evening
at the Howard Street M. E. Church. The
principal addresses will bo delivered bv
Rev. Arthur H. Brlggs, Rev. J. N. Beard
and Rev. E. R. Dille. At the conclusion
of the programme the young people of tho
Howard Street Church League will hold
a reception and serve refreshments In the
church parlors. "... r
Druggist Heavily Fined.
Charles A. Bayly, druggtet. Grant ave
nue and Sutter street, who was convicted
by Judge Cabaniss for selling: opium with
out < a -physician's prescription, appeared
for sentence yesterday. As It was not his
first offense the Judge imposed a fine of
$100, with the alternative of one hundred
days in the County, Jail. ,
A meeting 1 will be held to-morrow at 3:30
p. m. in the parlor of Pioneer Hall to ef
fect the organization of a society to be
known as the Daughters of California
Pioneers. As the name implies, only
daughters of pioneers will be eligible to
membership. Officers will be elected at
this meeting. Mrs. Mary V. Gurnett and
Miss Florence E. Templeton are leaders in
the movement for the formation of the
order.
Daughters of California Pioneers.
This week Berwen & Gassner are
showing a fine line of fur Jackets of their
own make, which means fine linings and
first-class workmanship. Handsome Elec
tric, Baltic seal and Astrakan jackets at
$30 up. Their • famous $125 real ¦sealskin
Jacket is the talk of the town. Ladie3
wishing to save money must see this well
known house at 110 Kearny street. •
A Special Ladies' Fur Display.
A regular meeting of the Astronomical
Society of the Pacific will be held Satur
day ovening at 8 o'clock in the lecture
hall of the Academy of Sciences, 810 Mar
ket street. The following papers will be
presented: "The Chabot-Observatory-
Dolbeer Eclipse Expedition- to Georgia,
May 28. 1900," by Charles Burckhalter;
"The Orbit of 99 Herculis," by Professor
R. G. Altken; "Planetary Phenomena for
January and February, 1901," by Profes
sor M. McNeill.
Astronomical Society Meeting.
A charge of perjury against Contractor
Oeorpe W. McGinn was lodged yesterday
with Warrant Clerk Perry by Charles W.
Merritt of 1312 York street. Merritt al-
Uges that McGinn attested to a certifi
cate and under oath asserted that the
complainant signed an agreement upon
v.hich the Beard of Public Works award
ed a contract to Flinn & Treacy for the
laying of an eight-inch ironstone sewer
on York street. betw<=^n Twenty-fifth and
Twenty-sixth. Merritt's signature ap
pears on the document as having con
sented to the performance of the work by
private contract, but he alleges that the
signature is a forgery and that by attest
ing to its genuineness and swearing that
the same was affixed in his presence Mc-
Ginn has committed perjury.
Warrant Clerk Perry refused to Issue
the warrant, however, and instructed
Merrttt to return to-day at 1 o'clock. Mer
ritt was forced to leave without the war
rant, but stated that if the same was not
forthcoming to-day he would at once
"For a good many years I have been
competent to sign my own name," said
Merritt yesterday afternoon, "and al
though I do not say McGinn forged my
signature to the document, I do say that
he conr.mltted perjury in swearing that it
was genuine. I have been informed that
other signatures en the contract were
also forged. Mr. McGinn excuses his act
on the ground that It was committed in
nocently. He pays that all of the signa
tures down to mine were procured bv an
other man, who is now at Cape Nome,
and he, believing they were genuine, after
having secured the balance of the signa
tures attested to the genuineness of all.
"Contractor Flinn also came to me and
nsked me to drop proceedings against Mc-
Ginn and told me the same story. It may
be that McGinn was imposed upon by
'the man In Nome.* but he had no au
thority to swear that the signatures on
the contract, - including mine, were exe
cuted before him. I propose to put the
case through the criminal courts for my
own protection, and then, if McGinn's
statement is true, the fact will be devel
oped during the trial. In any event the
fact remains that my signature waa
forged and the guilty person must be pro
duced."
G. W. McGinn, being duly sworn, deposes
and says that for the purpose and objects af
the agreement of which the within is a true
and correct copy, he, as the agent of the sev
eral parties whose names are signed f> th»
original agreement, that all the signatures end
the number of feet each represents In figures
on the original agreement were appended Ihvrij
to In his presence, and are each one and all
the genuine and proper signatures and tixurc*
of the several parties respectively.
g. w. McGinn.
Subscribed and sworn to before me, this Wth
day of December, 1899.
SANDS W. FORMAX.
Notary Public in and for the City and County
of Ean Francisco, State of California.
The affidavit attesting to the genuine
ness of the signatures, the signing of
which Merritt alleges was perjury on the
part of McGirn, reads as follows:
State of California. City and County of San
move to compel Perry to comply with his
demand or lay his case before the Grand
Jury for Its consideration.
Merritt eays that he \% forced to move
against McGinn for the protection of his
own home, for he says in addition to the
suit which will undoubtedly be brought
against him to recover the amount duo
for the laying of the sewer others will
probably be brought against him and
other property owners by Jones & Co. to
recover damages caused by the discharge
of the sewer on the Jones property, it
having no other outlet, he alleges.
The contract in question was filed with
the Street Department December 25, 1S99,
and permission to work thereunder was
granted Flinn & Treacy on October 12 last
by the Board of Public Works. The con
tract bear3 the signatures of the follow
ing residents of York street, whose prop
erty is between Twenty-fifth and Twenty
sixth streets, and thHr agreement to pay
for the number of feet of sewer at the
rate of TO cents a foot and $35 for man
holes set forth opposite their names:
L. H. Drrschfeld. 30 feet; A. Mohr, 25 feet;
A. J. Hanlon. 140 feet; F. Oangloff. 2S fe>et;
G. Gaj-man, 40 feet; H. Schottler. BO feet: F.
Formholes. 53 feet 4 Inches; O. Oral. 2« fe«t
8 inches; Mrs. J. Avurer, 25 feet; J. A. Alm
qul*t, 25 feet; Charles W. Merritt. 2« feet; O.
S. Carp, &5 feet; \V. Enrlght. 26 feet: L. H.
Doherty, 2€ feet; A. C. Dooley, 200 fe-t and
C. C- O'Donnell. 60 feet.
CHARGE OF PERJURY IS FILED
AGAINST CONTRACTOR McGINN
Captain Myers left here on the Charles
ton in May. He was soon transferred to
the Oregon and then he was ordered to
Peking, which place he reached early in
June. The Boxers had already begun to
give the foreigners considerable trouble,
and when the siege on the legation com
menced Myers assumed charge of the
guard.
On July 3 it was learned that tho Boxers
had constructed barracks against the
outer walls which enabled them to look
down upon the entire legation settlement.
Myers, realizing that another dawn would
bring with it fearful slaughter of his peo
ple, provided the Mongolians were allowed
to retain their position, at once formu
lated a plan of action.
"We decided to make a charge and run
our chances of destroying the structure
they had built," said the captain. "It
was 1 a. m. when the attack was made.
The Boxers had anticipated a charge, but
supposed, of course, wo would work from
CAPTAIN J. T. MYERS, the man
who directed the legation defense
during the recent siege of Peking,
China, was among the passengers
who arrived on the Doric yester
day. The captain left China in Septem
ber and went to Yokohama to recu
perate from an attack of typhoid fever.
He has been ordered to report at Mare
Island to-day.
the front. Instead, we managed to reach
the wall unobserved from the side and
then we were on top of them before they
realized what had happened.
"During the charge a Chinaman ran his
spear into my leg, but I never knew I had
been wounded until after the fight, when
one of the mA called my attention to my
blood-soaked clothes. We killed over
fifty Boxers in the attack and managed
to demolish the structure which they had
put up.
"We had plenty of m^n to resist the at
tacks of the regiments quartered outside
the legation walls, but what worried us
most was the possibility of a double force
being lined up against us when it became
known that relief was on the way. Tho
day that relief came I was delirious, so
couldn't fully appreciate the good news.
Although suffering considerably from my
wound, I remained in command until July
21, when I was taken down with typhoid
fever."
Captain Myers says that many Imperial
troops took part in the attack on the le
gations. He is sure of that, for his men
captured several Imperial banners. In re
gard to the charges alleged to have been
preferred by Minister Conger against Cap
tain Hall of cowardice. Captain Myers
says he was 111 at the time the story was
current. He had always found Hall a
brave and efficient officer.
Before going to China Captain Myers
was stationed at Mare Island as assistant
engineer.
COMMANDER OF THE AMERICAN MARINE GUARD AT THE LEGA
TION IN PEKING DURING THE RECENT SIEGE BY THE BOXERS
AND IMPERIAL CHINESE TROOPS.
The jurors were examined by Assistant
District Attorney Deuprey for the prose
cution and Attorney Schooler for the de
fense. Captain Seymour, who arrested
the defendant after the commission of the
crime, was In court and was an interested
spectator of the proceedings. It is ad
mitted that it will be one of the hardest
tasks ever experienced in a murder trial
in this city to get a Jury in this case from
the fact that most men in the community
are familiar with it and have formed defi
nite opinions, and a large number of men
are opposed to hanging a man on circum
stantial evidence.
The two accepted were W. J. Sherwood
and R. S. Atkins. P. P. Bernhard was
peremptorily challenged by the prosecu
tion and H. B. Reuss. B. T. Lacey and II.
H. Murphy for the defense. The others
were excused for cause.
The examination of the talesmen was
chielly restricted to the questions- as to
whether they would be willing to convict
a man charged with a capital offense on
circumstantial evidence, and whether they
had formed any opinion regarding the
case from the previous reports in the
press. A large number of them were ex
cused because they stated plainly that
they had a rooted objection to convicting
a man on circumstantial evidence alone,
and others had formed decided opinions
as to the guilt of the defendant from read
ing about the case and it would take very
strong evidence to change the opinions
they had formed.
Gus Abrams. A. Abraham, A. C. Schocker,
Jne Pohe!m. L Kahn. L. Selig, J. McXally. A.
Utlle. J. B. Curtin. F. I>. Uurnell. F. W. Had
!«•>-. A. Hoffman. H. U. KeuFs, J. H. Seller,
J. \V. Morseheail, B. L. Woodford, James D.
Itallcy, 8. H. Daniels, George Lawson, H.
Piercty, \V. J. Sherwood. J. G. Conrad. Charles
Zeisie. L. <\ Habin. A. Stein. M. Mullany,
Charles Brown. W. Villby. F. Marx. R. Beck,
F. Hoeckman. H. A. Denhard, \V. J. Donlan,
W. O. Bacon. B. T. I^cey. W. S. Kittle, H.
H. Murphy. R. S. Atkins. Max Welner, J. H.
Wiley. M. Cahn, Benjamin B. Levy, E. N.
Bee. J. I-ippman. Jne Alexander. A. T. Deckel
man. Ceoige II. r.uckinKham. K. Melrose. W.
R. Morton. A. Rons, P. p. Btrnhard, J. Rolph,
H. W. Hull. A. Bachman, I. L. Uosenthal and
M. P. Brown.
The whole time was taken up in exam
ining talesmen, and when court adjourned
a few minutes after 4 o'clock till this
morning only two out of fifty-six exam
ined had been accepted. Those examined
are the following named:
once in a while he took to clasping and
unclasping his hands.
A LITTLE man, clean shaven, with
a pale cast of countenance, dark
hair and wearing a dark suit, sat
at the lawyers' table In Judge
Cook's courtroom yesterday, in
tently observing the proceedings. The
man was Albert Frederick George Vere
ncscneckockorkhoff, known as Hoff. ac
cused of having brutally murdered Mrs.
Mary A. Clute at her residence, S02 Guer- !
rero street. December 15. 1S97. He was '
triod for the murder and was convicted in j
Judpe Cook's court on April 2. 1S3S. Throe j
days lator he was sentenced to be hanged, j
but an appeal was taken to the Supreme
Court for a new trial, and it was granted
on August 13 last on the gTound that j
Judpe Cook had ovorstepi>cd the law iir I
charjrir.g the jury.
During h:p last trial Hoff wore a lnr.g, |
heavy, dark board and mustache, and the '
expression of his face was that of a man !
of a low order of intelligence and with j
nothing to specially attract attention to ;
him beyond the fa^t of his being a brutal j
murderer. The change in his appearance i
now is remarkable. His clean-shaven face ;
Fhows intelligence and something of the
t-xprecslon of a religious enthusiast. The !
deadly pallor is the effect of his long con- j
lincment in San Quentin while awaiting \
the derision of the Supreme Court on his j
appeal and he has evidently taken advan- j
tag* or the t!m«* to improve his mind. He '
etudied the Bible day after day and be- j
came the spiritual adviser of his fellow '
prisoners. He converted a Chinese mur
derer and was permitted to escort him to •
the gallows.
Hoff's second trial commenced yesterday
before Judge Cook. He was represented
by Attorneys W. H. Schooler and R. L.
Simpson. The prosecution was represent
ed by District Attorney Byington. Assist
ant District Attorney Deuprey and ex-As- ]
distant District Attorney Hosmer. The |
last named prosecuted the case on the |
previous occasion.
Hoff's whole attention was concentrated
upon the talesmen as they -were being ex
amined and cross-examined, and once
when one of the talesmen was asked if
he knew the defendant, the latter arose
from his chair with a smile on his face,
looked fteadiiy at the talesman for a mo- j
ment till the latter said he diu not know
him and then sat down, still smiling. He
did not seem in the least nervous, but j
SITTING BEARDLESS IX JUDGE COOK'S COURT YESTERDAY, ALBERT
FREDERICK HOFF DID NOT SEEM THE SAME MAN WHO WAS CON
VICTED OF MURDERING MRS. CLUTE.
Out of Fifty-Six Men Examined Only
Two Are Accepted.
SEEKING JURYMEN
FOR HOFF'S TRIAL
The Chutes .will send In the Leander
brothers, gladiatorial acrobats.
The Orpheum will present this week'3
programme in its entirety.
The doors will open at noon.
Programme for the Theatrical Man
agers' Charity Fund Benefit.
The Associated Theatrical Managers of
San Francisco will hoM the second annual
benefit in aid of their charity fund at the
Orpheum this afternoon, commencing at
1 o'clock sharp.
The programme is the Btrongest ever
given in this city and the curtain will not
drop until a few minutes before 6 o'clock.
By kind permission of Maurice Grau,
Mme. Rosa Olitzka, the great contralto:
Dlvid Bispham, the renowned barytone,
and Walter Damroscb. the eminent com
poser and conductor, will appear. Mme.
Olitzka will sing the -'Indian Serenade,"
by George Liebllng, and the "Habanera,"
from "Carmen," and Mr. Bispham will
give Rudyard Kipling's "Danny Deever,"
bo wonderfully set to music by Mr. Dam
rosch.
Frank Daniels will send his entire
"Ameer" company over from the Colum
bia, and the Tivoli will contribute the
brightest bits from "The Jolly Musket
eer." Estefania Collamarlni. Domenlco
Russo and Vittoria Emanuele Castellano
will also represent the Tlvoll.
The Alcazar stock company will pre
sent the third and best act of "The Rail
road of Love," and Harry Braham of the
same company will present his London
success. "Masks and Faces."
The California Theater will send the en
tire Royal Marine Band of Italy, and Sig
nor Giovanni Setaro, the great harp solo
ist. The band will play the epilogue to
Brloto's "Mephistophwle and Salome."
The Alhambra's contribution will be the
McCoy Bisters and Marion in their special
ty from "A Stranger in New York."
By Blanche Partington.
One almost feared somehow, last even
ing at the Grand Opera-house, that the
glorious performance of "Tannhauser"
given last week, could not be again re
peated with equal excellence, but it was,
if possible, even more beautifully heard
than before. Such work is no come-by
choncu affair, and, to the credit of our
much be-Jayed town, it was heard by the
record house of the season so far. It has
rather amazed the operatic powers that
be, so I understand, that Wagiter has
scored so heavily here,, both from an ar
tistic and financial standpoint, which cer
tainly scores one for us. With his clever
finger on the public pulse, Mr. Grau has
therefore decided to give, for his next
popular programme on Sunday evening,
yet another performance of "Tann
hauser," with Susan Strong as Elisabeth,
Dippel in the name role, Plancon tjie
great as Herman and the rest of the cast
substantially the same. We're not so Jay
after all, and last night's was an audience
to delight the gods.
Gadski was in lovely voice. Exquisitely
tender and caressing In its quality it is,
and with a warm soft note that touches
to tears by its very beauty. She Is a
rcyal maid Elisabeth, singing, acting,
looking the full significance of the noble
role.
Bispham's voice grows on one. Th<s ex
quisite conscience of his art, his Intimate
trick of suggestion, the fine finish of all
his work, its masterly balance of heart
and brain, rouse anew to higher admira
tion with each added appearance of tho
artist. 'Tis a fine Wolfram that the Vhil
adelphian barytone puts on for u.3.
Van Dyck repeated his last week's suc
cess as Tannhauser. He is ?. great. Wag
nerian Interpreter. I think possibly even
greater as actor than singer. He paints
a princely portrait of the "Wagner hero.
Mr. Blass sang the Herman part and his
resonant, round basso was heard asriln
with much satisfaction. Mr. Bar3, Mr.
Hubbenet. Mr. Muhlmann and Mr. Vivianl
repeated their good work of last wnck
and lime. Olitzka was again the music
ally pleasing shepherd boy. fehe docs a
charming bit of acting, by the way, in
the pretty part.
The incomparable overture was received
with its accustomed ovation, and a word,
too, as to the magnificent march, with
its splendid picturesque pageantry of
music and scene. It is a gorgeous picture,
the Princess Elisabeth receiving now with
royal condescension, now with cousinly
grace, now with a filial service, mailed
and helmeted knight, splendidly gowned
and coifed ladies, the tottering monarch,
the pilgrim from afar. It Is a crowd col
ored and handled, grouped and lined like
an Irving crowd in its fine picturesque
ness, and all the time the music growing,
blossoming into the full fruit of one of
the finest ensembles ever written and pro
duced.
To-night "Romeo et Juliette" will bo
heard, with Melba, de Reszke, Plancon,
Saleza and all the rest of the eminent cast
of last week's production.
9
FAMOUS STARS WILL APPEAR.
Record House of the Season Hear3
the World-Famed Singers in
the Wagner Master
piece.
Another Grand Production
of That Opera by Crrau
"TANNHAUSER"
REPEATED WITH
EQUAL BEAUTY
LONDON.- Nov. 21.— Sir Thomas Lipton
has been gazetted as honorary colonel of
the Second Volunteer Battalion of High
land Light Infantry.
Sir .Thomas Lipton Honored.
The Republicans of Calaveras County
intend to celebrate the great victory at
Angels next Saturday I evening. One of
the promoters of the celebration is W. C.
Ralston, who was elected to the Assembly
by a majority exceeding seven hundred.
The orator in chief at the proposed
demonstration will be Samuel M. Short
rldpe. whose plurality as Elector at large
on- the Republican ticket approximates
forty thousand. It is no longer a secret
that Mr. Shortrldge is a candidate for
United States Senator to succeed George
C. Perkins. -
A message comes from Fresno to the
effect that Dr. Chester Rowell, State
Senator and Regent of the University,
will accept the office of Collector of In
ternal Revenue, First California District.
He - entertains no special . contempt for
this particular office because J. C. Lynch
happens to hoM it, but he does not want
any office. All he desires is to further
the cause of clean politics.
The -friends of Senator Perkins say that
he has gained beveral points by reason of
Senator Bard's magnanimity in the Port
Collectorship. When the Senators reached
an agreement to the effect that either
Horace Davis or F. S. Stratton would be
acceptable. Senator Bard magnanimously
permitted Senator Perkins to select one or
the other. The latter preferred a resident
of his own county, hence Mr. Stratton
was chosen. In the allotment of places
In the Custom-house. WVB. Hamilton of
Alameda ¦will become special deputv The 1
position of cashier of the Custom-house i
row held by Mr. Hamilton, will not be
vacant for any considerable period. Clem
Perkins of Alameda, son of the senior
Senator, is slated for cashier.
There is talk In' political circles that W
W. Montague does not want to serve
another term as Postmaster of San Fran
cisco. Senator Perkins has Informed
aspirants In Alameda County that a resi
dent of San Francisco will be recommend
ed for appointment.
probabilities are that they will never hear
of him again after the Legislature ad
journs. Kelly had the ballot boxes amply
stuffed at the primary election In order to
make sure of Brady's nomination. The
prestige of the national Republican ticket
pulled Brady through, hence he will go
to Sacramento as the choicest bud in the
bouquet of the bosses.
Boss Kelly expects that Assemblymen
elect E. D. Knight of the Thirty-fourth
District, John J. Hourlgan of the Thirty
flrst, Edward F. Treadwell of the Thirty
fifth, William J. Gullfoyle of the Thirty
sixth. John Butler of the Thirty-third.
Arthur G. FIsk of the Thirty-seventh,
Frank D. Macbeth of the Thirty-ninth and
Hamilton Bauer of the Fortieth will enter
the corral of the bosses and do politics
for everything in sight.
For the benefit of the young Republi
cans who were recently elected to the
Legislature, the fact should be again pub
lished that Kelly and Crimmlns are in
politics for the money that can be made
In promoting and defeating legislation.
As a commercial proposition they obtain
votes for the smallest consideration pos
sible and sell them at the highest price
obtainable. A member of the Legislature
who joins a boss organization to do busi
ness in the Legislature forfeits all claim
to the respect and confidence of the pub
lic. He simply becomes a chattel, to be
bought, sold and delivered by order of the
boss. He cannot conceal from his asso
ciates In the Legislature that his vote Is
not his own. Presently he begins to de
spise himself and seek sympathy in the
haunts of the degraded, where the press is
reviled for denouncing thieves and expos-
Ing theft.
The public career of a boss programmer
seldom extends beyond one session of the
Legislature. Of the big bunch of raw
programmers from San Francisco in the
last Assembly only one is returned to the
Legislature and he wins by a margin 6O
narrow, in a- district that gives a Repub
lican majority of 1000, that his election
may be contested.
" All the independent anti-boss Republi
can members of the last Legislature who
signified a readiness to serve again were
re-elected. Among those chosen again
are: J. J. Luchsinger, C. M. Belshaw,
A. E. Muenter, Thomas Flint Jr.. C. B.
Greenwell, Alden Anderson, W. B. Lard
ner, J. "W. Atherton, F. E. Dunlap, J. R.
Knowland, John A. Bliss, G. G. Radcliff,
C. ,W. Merritt, W. S. Mellck, A. S. Milice
and H. W. Brown.
"BOSS" KELLY IS FIXING A TRAP
FOR NOVICES AT THE LEGISLATURE
Boss Martin Kelly Is eager to organize
a bunch of San Francisco Assemblymen
to do business at the old stand in Sacra
mento during the forthcoming session of
the Legislature. In spreading the snare
for the novices in the city delegation the
boss tells them that acting Individually
they will have no Influence, but acting
collectively as a solid delegation they can
control the legislation or the session and
secure the bulk of the patronage.
The programme of Kelly and Crlmmins
Is to elect Martin Brady of the Forty
third District chairman of the San Fran
cisco delegation. It Is well known that
everything Kelly says goes with Brady.
From the standpoint of boss politics.
Brady would be a rank lngrrate If Kelly's
orders did not go, because Brady was dis
covered at an obscure way station some
where between the tenderloin and the
racecourse and exalted to the dignity of
a legislative nominee.
The taxpayers and citizens of the Forty
third District never, heard of Martin
Brady until he was nominated to repre
sent them In the Legislature, and the
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, NOVEMBER 22, 1900.
CAPTAIN MYERS
TALKS OF SIEGE
Officer Who Commanded the Legation
Guard at Peking Returns.
12
Hale'* I HaJe'«.
4- ! , : , —
?• ' — — t
holiday cata- /&L*. (0^§ L$&^i Dr ' n^ eart
logue for out- ffl/ Ml j&^^&^e^jgBSBP mends
of-town patrons 422. .^gja/y. rr >#>«. brokan dollies
ready. free.
Market street, near Sixth, opposite
Golden Gate avenue.
the 50c and 75c veilings we are sell*
ing at He a yard will soon be gone.
they are selling rapidly, and if the lot had not been a big one
the story would not bear a second telling, there is still excellent
variety, but you must be prompt if the profit is to be your3. the
lot consists of many different styles of fancy chenille and silk
dotted tuxedo and maline nets in black, white, navy, brown, tan,
mode and a beautiful assortment of pastel shades for hat trim-
mings, they were imported to sell up to 50c and 75c a yard, we
are selling them at ¦
II cents a yard.
sale of fur trimming.
prices bear but little relation to their actual worth.
lot 1 consists of lined and un- lot 2 consists of lined and un-
lined bands and edgings in imi- Hned bands and edgings in
' tation brown and black bear, brown and pray coney of
,. , ., nn^ different widths, near seal,
light stone marten, dark opos- m{n^ gray and tmted
rum, fox, curly lambs wool. goraj WO( ,j sea!> black angora
coon, curly black angora and an( j electric seal — worth to 50c
some fancy novelties in furs — a yard — now 2IJc
just the thing for trimming lot 3 consists of bands and
dresses, jackets, capes, collars edgings in black coney of dif-
and baby cloaks — regular prices ferent widths and electric seal
up to $1.00 a yard — now, your y 2 to 1 inch wide — worth to 25c
choice 4 Se a yard — now 9c
knit underwear sale.
we've earned our splendid underwear reputation ySljjSpP^
simply by unfailingly giving the best values possible. ttW/Yj^C^
don't judge to-day's offerings by the price, if we \|l; l p/
bought them at favorable prices and sell them to you /ffl'TiA
at equally favorable prices, it is your profit. | |4V^ ;\
ladies' non-shrinking white wool union suits— the
kind that button down the front— winter weight— Wmffi
handsomely bound with silk, covered seams, gusset3 \UfM
in arms and made with laps in back — sizes 4. 5_and &MI
6— regular price $1.25 a suit— sale price 75c WWj
500 dozen ladies' Egyptian fleece-lined vests and (flwl
pants — heavy weight, covered seams, nicely finished — I^TV
sizes 3, 4, 5 and 6, regular price 35c a garment-^sale^pii
price 23c
+ : -4
; , ,j
Trunks & traveling bags. Before buying sea
our "bureau trunk." A. B. Smith Co., 123 Ellis.*
Ladles' tailor-made suits, silk skirts, fur
capes; liberal credit. M.Rothschild. 526 Sutter.*
When that tired feeling conies over you, drink
Jease Moore "AA" whiskey. ¦ *.;.i^
Dr. Wm. Botsford. 1170 Market st., noti-
fies his patients that he has returned. •
Stctnwey Piano Dealers,
Tor. Kearny end Sotter «tt.. S. F.
Cor. 12th and Broadway, Oakland.
Cor. Park & Washington. Portland.
711 Second avenue. Seattle.
Steinways are sold •. on
easy payments when desired.
Sherman, Clay & Co.
You are cordially invited to
visit the Steinway salesrooms
of Sherman. Gay & Co., who
are the Pacific Coast dealers.
Sig. Mancinelli will con-
duct the performance of
"Romeo et Juliette" to-
night and of "Faust"
next Saturday night.
Mr. Walter Damrosch and
many others of the Grau
Opera Company personally
indorse the Steinway Piano.
"LUIGI MANCINELLI."
"Yours faithfully.
"The mechanism I consider
perfect, and the tone is ideal.
"Permit me to extend my
best wishes for your deserved
success.
Signor Luigi Mancinelli,
conductor of the French and
Italian operas produced by the
Grau Opera Company at the
Grand Opera-house, had this
to say to Steinway & Sons
after one of his tours:
"Messrs. Steinway & Sons,
"Gentlemen: During my
tours in the United States of
America, and in Europe, I
have used the Steinway piano
exclusively, having one at my
home in Italy.
Maocioelli
"THE CREDIT HOUSE"
Six Stories High
Couch Comfort. Well, the
man about the house is sure
to be enjoying it after a busy
day. But it's a necessity
where calls and home duties
tell on the lady of the house.
.Soft, spring upholstering, not
a hard spot in it. Covered
with figured velour. Roccoco
carved golden oak base $9.25
Cushion Comfort.
So many ladies said last week. "I'm
sure Mrs. would like one . of
these," that we offer them again —
Soft, well made Sofa Cushions, with
cheery, flowered coverings and
deeply flounced, for so cents. A
solace for a weary head. Nothing
like cushions to make these Ions:
winter evenings evenings of comfort.
Smyrna Rugs for 50c.
Yes, those soft, reversible ones that
are so handy — at the .door, in front
of the big easy chair— all around the
house where "one more" rujf is
wanted. Fringed ends, bright col-
ors; 18x36 inches, 50c. 20x46 in., 75c.
Free Delivery in Oakland. Alameda.
ML FRIEDMAN & CO.
(Incorporated)
233-235-237 Post St. Open Evenings
SPECIAL SALE!
Thursday— Friday— Saturday.
WE WILL GUARANTEE THAT TOUR
THANKSGIVING DINNER WTLX*
PLEASE YOU THOROUGHLY IP YOU
WILL. ALLOW US TO PROVIDE
YOUR TABLE DELICACIES.
MIXED NUTS • ib 15c
Almonds. Butternuts. FllSert*. Pacana and
Walnuts. Regularly 20c
BROMANGELON pk? 10c
Makes a delicious dawert— Jelly— all Savon.
Regularly 13c
SHRIMPS tin IOC
Sufficiently cooked for s&lxia and mayon-
naise. Ready for the tab la. Ragularly 15c
OK WHISKEY, bot 75c, 3 for $2. 00
gallon $3.00
Finest qnallty of this well-known brand.
Regularly J1.00 and $4.00.
MAPLE SUGAR Ib 15c
Pure as pur* can b«. Dirtet ¦hltrr.ent.
Regularly 20c
NEW FIGS Ib 5c
Fancy black CaJ. figs. Regularly I Its 23c.
ECLIPSE CHAMPAGNE qt 85c
The s«naln« Arpad HsxaarUty**— b«at Cali-
fornia champagne made. Regularly J1.25.
Havana and Key West Cigars
12. 25. 50 and 100 la & box. A complat*
stock of all th» leading brands at greatly
reduced prices.
OUR HOLIDAY CATALOGUE
la particularly attractive — fr-** for a poataL
Country Orders Reosiva Prompt Attention.
39 STOCKTON ST., near Market.
Telephone. Main K22.
I Cm& or Llttb at » TIma.
BOX LOUNGES
FOR SI0.00
I Covered with damask, tapestry,
I velour and silk plush. A & ea *
I line at various prices, and all
I the lowest in San Francisco.
J THE J. NOONAN
\ FURNITURE COMPANY. Inc..
I 1017-1023 MISSION STREET J
\ Ptons South I*. Abo« 6th. Saa Fraadsco.
dr.mcjwltyT
n^HISWFT L-KVOWK AND RKLIABLE OLD
P. ROMCOR 3If XCLTl . n. Dl
*©JJ KtarcyWU Wan FrantUieo. Cai.
DEWEY.STROtNG aCO-^yV
i^N> N Vi^VJTI I' '"MHI ¦!¦!
f ,J
*\ m f*l" O Oil A I Corner Fourth and
P A L L U I IV A I Market. 3. F. Try
I A IT nil! ill cur Speclal Brew
LjHI L J 1 ML. steam and La«er.
4JI1I U •iWllifc- j^ Overcoats and
valises checked f re*
Weekly Call, $1 per Year
tI ~/ Cola AT
IBr w .° men ' s
\ Vm/nMn Ju3t received an |
W///M/ no entire new line r
WUiUP U(H C of FLANNEL
' fflBlmr WRAPPERS, the !
1 BunlUm ¦ very latest color- <
* //////////rJ ' 1 ings in dark and - 5
ul'li illii'l medium shades; )
liii'll i\'\ .'I I " bretelles, collar j
Int. ri if a an<^ cu^ s fiffec- |
isJu 111 &&K^ lively, trimmed; '<
frafWiJ^JWWk %vaist lined; sizes 5
'fJwD lift «,\V\»\\\\ all over at'o o -
filfl I \Wm »-w. our uxp
imm 1 ftj om^ 1 ' price.... uuu
Eiderdown Dressing Sacques.
Made of best quality eider-down;
hand crocheted edge of worsted;
come in all colors; regu- t%r*
( lar price $1.25. To-day Ilk f|
and to-morrow's prlco Uwll
( Rainy-Day Oversklrts. <
Come in colors of Oxford gray,
brown mixed, black, steel gray and
all the other fashionable shades; '
. heaviest solf cloth: ' finished with
elRht rows of stitching • at bottom. -
i This skirt is sold all AA f% ¦*
over at J5. Our price \ 1 'IW i
to-day and to-morrow.. tjJvllZ,U
Children's Jackets. • <
Automobile All-Wool Jackets. In all 3
i the new fashionable shades — our i
regular $3.50 quality Aft Ap |
—on sale to-day and \ I <K '
to-morrow at \/£,%\JW '
One Hosiery Special. ;
Just received from our East-' ;
ern manufacturer, 500 dozens 40- i,
gaujre Women's Black Hose; me- <
dium weleht. We would consider '
] them a fair 25c quality. Will place .'
them on Bale -TO-DAY i f\ , ,'
and TO-MORROW at I "J ' (1 ; ;
I ...........A pair |^2U
Only 8 pairs sold to each customer. <
, Special sale of Women's and Chil- '
dren'B Mackintoshes, from fil.BO to . '
; *4.r»O each. , )
• Mall orders receive careful attention j
1212-1214 market St. . ;
- . Bet. Taylor and clones. . ;