tality and health-giving properties In It
than a horizontal or a vertical light. Of
In thsse days doctors and other scisa
tists are d!scov«rtns; all sorts of wonder
ful things about household hyst*n*. On*
of the latest thlr.5J In thU line to be dia
cussed are the proper relations r>: the
window, the room and tho sun.. M. Trelat
of Paris, a well-known authority on hy
giene, gives it as h!a opinion that the best
light fcr a house is a slanting light. That
sort of light, he asserts, has more of vi-
Does Your House
Get the Proper
Kind of Uahf?
"The wind by that time had died out
and left us drifting, helplessly further
away from land again, and not a sail In
j sight: All that day we floated, and the
! agonies of thirst seemed to increase,
though that seemed Impossible. Bauer
had been muttering in German, but his
\ tongue was now so thick that the sounds
.were unintelligible and it was pjaln the
-•poor fellow's mind was going.
\- tr\, ¦ ¦¦¦.:'¦
""When" the' daylight of , the third day
came it showed us Kings Island, a long
way^off to the north, and I could also
make out an outline of land to the east
ward. I got Bauer up again and encour
aged him, and we both worked hard try-*
ing to reach land. But. we were so weak
by that time that we couldn't make much
headway. We were like a pair of help
less babies trying to run that boat—our
limbs would not support us, and when
we lifted a . hand it fell back numb and
useless. We tried to row, but couldn't
'either of us hold the oars, and then we
had to lie down In the boat and give It up.
. *»WTj,,when It sprang: up again. ¦
"By'thla time our tongues were swollen
md our lips cracking open. We had
»lenty to eat. but there was not a thing
n our. provision stock that had any mois
ture in it We tried some dried apri
cots, and opened ' a can of sweet con
densed milk, but with' no satisfactory re
sults. : It was getting.. terrific. , Bauer's
eyjes were bursting from their sockets and
he was' so weakaia'^rembly he couldn't
keep his feet, and was praying in a hud
dle .most of the time. v,
'.'When the' sundown wind came up we
set sail In a northerly course as near as
I could make] out/*" All that night I
watched and held the rudder. * Bauer
moaning and sleeping fitfully, crying for
water all -the time. My own .thirst was
something indescribable, but I tried hard
to keep; at the head of things.
"I crawled tn the ropes and sought to
"The night of the 4th is the last clear
recollection I have. I remember seelng
poor Bauer praying, or trying- to move
his lips In prayer, and whispering huskily
that it was to be our last night alive. I
myself was too weak to move, and went
to sleep for a while. Later In the night I
awoke, somewhat refreshed. The stars
were clear and bright above In the sky,
and a slight breeze was stirring-.
sail and let the dory drift. It was all
we could do. I tried to sleep, but my
eyes stared wide opea, and the burning
furnace in my throat would not leave me
an Instant's rest.
"At last I seemed to lose consciousness.
and when I regained my senses again It
was morning. I was wet and chilled to
the bone. Bauer waa a pitiful, muttering
object, dozing and rabbling- his thick
tongued German. I struggled to my feet
and again ea.w land — many miles away.
"My knowledge of the north led me
to believe we were In the Arctic Ocean.
We saw two high mountains to the west
ward and some white forms In the fore
ground that' may have been drift ice.
"I shook Bauer, and tried to make him
understand, but he went off Into his mut
terinja again. Pretty soon his mind
seemed to clear again and when I pro
posed trying to make for the land h*
wildly objected, saying that some parties
who had landed about there tome months
before had been roughly treated by the
natives, and he etow so excited and fierce
In his objection, hindering me in my
weak efforts, that at last I *ave up and
let the boat drift out again from a pos
sible hope.
"I w£b momentarily afraid that Bauer
would become a dangerous maniac, and
dared not oppose him In anything". The
poor fellow was shivering- In the end of
the dory, ravenously ehewtnf and suck
ing dried onions, in the hop* of extract
ing" a drop of moisture^ his fac* drawn
and old and the gleam of Idiocy la his
eyea.
"In my own desperation I swallowed
some extract of vinegar, but it burned my
throat and choked me horribly.
"As for myself, the dreams stSl mom
to me at nlffht. and I ttv* oytr th* Mttml—
of thos* lntermin&blo days. Though tiaM
will take away the keenest of It aH, I
do net think I shall ever be able te> ter*
ret. It Is stamped upon my brain. "'
"When the Centennial brought us tatm
Seattle on the 8th of October I was pretty
well recovered, but poor n»u«r wtn hate
a long struggl* y«t_ ICven now h« none,
s ion ally breaks out In delirium, with his
piteous call for 'Waseert Wmmt 1 lea Ma
so schre«klloh AnrstlgT ("VVatart wm(«t!
I am so terribly thirsty!*) :
"Captain J. C. Eagles of the Oestaanlal
Is a man to whom we shall botV be In
debted all our lives. Aftar that Horrible
eight days of awful thirst, belnff buffeted
about by incessant of?-shere storms, the
agonies of dread, th* p*tnful *xp«aT«r*
and th* dreadful •ucoeasloa of t*rrfbl*
experiences, one could weU appreciate tb«
sight of a fellow being, and those rough
sailors w*r« Ilk* any*!* from tinsiTen.
"Poor Bauer was even worse than X.
and it was many days before h« Ncatned
bis reason. He Is still so weak and ez>
hausted, and the painful memory Is «e
Indelibly stazaped upon his braia. that Mb
condition la most critical. -.-*',;.
"The next X remembered I wax rylajr oa
the deck of the steamer Centennial, and
the men were giving ra» slpa of water.
My hands were wildly elutehlns taT tb«'
air, and I waa besging for more.
comprehension. At first * the steamer
mo-rod steadily on her course, and B««raei3.
not to bear, but at Ia.it she Tiered about
and came toward us. Then I knew no
more.
It Is a well-known fact that the actors
of the Obcrammergau Passion play re
ceive only a moderate fee for their act
ing, and that, whether the part played Is
Important and fat'suir:? or whether it I*
that of a "super" the remuneration is the
Fame. But the community of the little
village has done far better than was ex
pected during the present summer, for the
fees for tickets have been this year much
In excess of any former occasion. Over
and above the ordinary number of per
formances no less than sixteen extra per
formances have been given, and the
amount thus realised reached the large
sum of £73,000, while an enormous trade
has been done in photographs, wood carv
ings, rosaries and "holy" Images. For
picture postcards alone no less than
£7500 has been taken, and it la said that
the wood-carvers of Oberammergau have
not a single article left "on stock." Thus
It is plain to see that though the season
in. Switzerland and the Tyrol Is said to
have been a bad one, the little Bavarian
mountain vUlago baa a golden harvest.
"We grabbed the guns and began fir-
Ing signals. Under the spur of the new
hope wo found ourselves able to move
¦ "That was a moment of Joy and relief
Indescribable, and one that I shall never
forget so Ions as I live.
"He was standing erect In the boat, one
weak, gaunt hand uplifted; his eyes dis
tended and his lips moving soundlessly.
But there was the light of reason in his
pinched, haggard face — the light of hope.
At firef I .thought It was a new freak of
his madness, but there was Just life and
curiosity enough left" in me to'prorapt'mo
to lift myself to my elbow, and then I saw
what- he had seen— the smoke _of a
steamer.
"The eighth, and last terrible day, I was
lylnc dazed and half unconscious, when
»omething like a scream from the .parch
ed, 'swollen throat of Bauer roused me
to turn my head.
make en* more effort. I ««t the sails
with great difficulty, dragging myself
about and falling blindly. We had a land
compass, j but iv» was rendered defective
by having become wet, and was useless.
By aid of the stars I tried to shape a
course. That Is the last thing I knew.
Th© fifth, sixth and seventh days ar^ as
a blank In my mind. Our sufferings from
thirst were beyond description. Where we
were w*> did not know; -we were too weak
to make any effort for anything, and It
was now nothing but drift and hope
against hope for relief. I do not know
what It was that kept ua from casting
ourselves Into the water. It seems to me
now that that would have i>cen the nat
ural thing to do. I lay there breathing,
vacant In mind, and only conscious of
the terrible craving for water, with my
crazed partner groveling In hi3 corner,
making Inarticulate sounds, and trying to
talk to. me In German, which I did not un
derstand. '¦¦ ._'
Besides. M. Trelat holds that ths hori
zontal light of morning and evening la far
from pure, being vitiated by passing
through layers of dust and vapors escap
ing from tho soil. According to this vle-w
houses should be built so as to receive the
light at an angle of 30 dejn-ees. and to ob
tain this light houses should not be higher
than two-thirds the width of the street.
If a street were thirty feet wide, for ex
ample, the houses on either sid* of It
should not be higher than twenty feet.
As there are few houses comptying with
the3e requirements, tho suggestion Is
made not to cut down the buildings, but
to widen the streets, a sustention upon
which every one would be slad If tho mu
nicipality would act. if th? thing were
possible to. carry out economically. Bac
teriological experts have shown thafthe
air near the ground Is loaded with micro
organisms, the number d»*:reaslng as we
ascend. The difference is most marked,
even In the case cf a five-story building,
the clr In the rooms on the top story be
lns almost entirely froc from bacteria,
while the air on the ground floor swarmed
with these disease-breeding 1 germs. Now.
if the light were admitted properly on all
floors this would not be so. The lower
floors would probably not have as pure
air as the upper ones on account of the
exhalations from the earth, but light is a
great destroyer of perms, and if it were
properly admitted Into the rooms on ths
lower floors it wou;<3 purify the air there
to a remarkable derrrce.
% .. .
course. th* Krht descending- Straight from
above could not be made available for
household use ReneraJly, and the light
•which proceeds straight from tha horizon
at sunset does not penetrate Into city
houses tinlers one !s fortunate enough to
have a homo on the lilveralde Drtv* or on
Columbia Hciphts. . : v-
' - '¦ ' - '¦-' ¦ Ipswwtljipfe ¦ ¦ ' .'. •
."Night brought on a ooid iolst and fog.
and » we : nearly froice.V ; The tide- was.
against us, and so atrong that wj were
rapidly^ being 'carried^ out/ to sea. .The'
wind " had' died' 'out.*** and* we lowered." t£*'
was no water. Then we began to count
up the distance we were from land, and
knew 'there was some trouble ahead. Wo
got thirstier and thirstier, and that wind
kept blowing harder and sending us far
ther out to sea. The waves were run
ning high and the uory tossing round Ilka
mad. All that eternal day we rode along,'
helpless, and our throats parching for a
drink. >At night we took turns at the rod-,
der. for I had got Bauer up and scolded
common sense into him. The raving)
thirst kept crowing. Intensified * by the'
salt spray. * When -the dawn came crteD-
ing. over that mass of tossing n-ater the
wind: was still blowing like mad from
the same quarter, but when the sun came
up' It began to moderate, and when we
would • <o ~ over -' the ' top * of a * big ¦' wave
we could see a faint. line of. hortson. but,
the horizon was ? water, and we had the
sea 'on all sides/ :"¦ . ¦ • / ' ' \\
"The second day was a repetition of the',
firstr with '"the" wlua" blower 'until sun-'
about, and we even made pitiful attempts
,to sho'ut. * Bauer tied a white handker
chief to his gun and waved It, and I re
loaded my rifle to repeat the signals.
'"OurVaaxk'ur wa» somethln*- beyond
"After a bit we rot thirsty. -and there
thought the wind would slow up and we'd
sail back, nice as you please. But the
wind didn't see It that way. It never
veered a point and kept up Its pace, piling
en a few knots with every hour. The mast
wan nearly bent double, but the dory be
haved nobly, We took a reef In the Bail
and let her spin along. %
"".Veil, the storm increased to a fury,
and Bauer became panic stricken. He
was only a little fellow, anyway, and
bad nerves. I saw him all huddled up In
a. heap, and I think , he was praying. I
CiAi nothing, did nothing, for there was
nothing to do. I Just held my band* and
waited. . . . .
lncreasir.r violence, every hour sweeping
us further from shore. W^s could Just
make out the lines of' the cape, growing
smaller and receding in the rear, and at
Jest we could e<"«5 nothing at all. Then we
knew we were in for a voyage, but our
bark was a trusty one, and even then we
didn't think seriously of the thing. We
fere the gale, which was blowing with
HEROES? Vv'en, I guess we wer« .
pa!r of abort as unwilling* heroei
as yon ever Bm.tr'."
So «ay« Samuel Dntton. Just re
tarded frcm a cruise or? the high seas In
a PTEs.ll open boat, eight flays In duration
find without a drop of water. John Bauer,
his companion In the terrible experience-,
cays nothing at all. for the long fast with
its awful thirst torture and the wufferfngi
from expcFure to the cold fogs of th«
Arctic have If ft him 'In 'such a state ol
exhaustion anfl prostration that he Is still
frarrely ab> to *pe»k. ;
"W» left Nome. John Bauer and I, on
th# norr.lns; • of the 15th of Pept«nb«r,
heavily laden with provision*, bedding
and mining tools, in a twenty-foot dory,
lct*>n<SJnjj to rour.A th*» '•ape for a pros
rating tour, and we thought we would
touoh phore asraln In a few hour* and Ioa3
up with water.
"Just as we wer«» launching a strong
wind started up." blowing off shore, and
we felt a little Wry about raaklns till
ffart. but tt«» dwidrd to rlfk It anyway,
keeping a weather rye open and Intending
to put for land !f Jt pot too rough. XV*
headed out to £Pt around the point, as w*
w*t«» wonting on prospecting along th*
west side of the cape and then' going on
to Topkuk.
"T had many tJmes read accounts of oe-
Jrtif blown out to sea. even where- p«opj«
suffered untold hardships,' hunger,
thirst and starvation, but I had never ap
preciated the horrors and mental anguish
& man can be put to when cast on th<
waves, utterly hope>»3, utterly helplesn.
f.ralr.lnj? the eyes In every direction Ik
the vain hope of seeing a sail, and always
boinjj brought hack to a realization of th«
rltr.ation by the cravings of thirst, per
haps r~ore horrible than hunger/ Persjnai
experience was what brought those things
heme to me, and I cin tell you I do noi
care for any more object lessons on'thf
st:bje«-t. " \fjt ... ..;... v .
"Well, we sailed* along nicely under a
f tiff breexe until we reached the cape.
There. In order to clear ; the reefs, we had
to put out further to sea. ' Thl* we did for
about two miles or' so. Then th«- wind
cs.nj«5 up In a gale, and, heavens, how «jhe
fid blow! It was blowing straight out
from tha land, and to get back we had to
face the dory about. That wo found was
r.o small Job. It was one too many for us.
We made about a half-dozen attempts at
Jt. nearly ewoping the boat each time.
We were blinded by the ep^ay and nearly
swept off our feet by the wind, and could
do nothing with our sail*.
"Finally we were compelled to run be-
EIGHT
DAYS
WITHOUT
WATER
IN
AN
OPEN
BOATXKVr VORiC. Oct. 26. 1300.
W.OKK"' i? the watchword of the
Btace. Nothing comes to him
who v.-aits save hunger pangs
. and laur.cry bi!is. And "appcar
c.ncc" Is the open sesame to a manager's
door. Don't make any mistake about this.
Stop conning the line? of love-lorn
Juliet, and sheathe Lady Macbeth's dag
ger. Study. Instead, tho tilt of your hat
and sv.aspcr out of your gown.
. Sir 3Ianaj=rcr isn't going to ask you to
read Hamlets soliloquy. Instead, he's
polng to look you over from heel to head
a'r.d add your points as carefully as a
horse dealer. So many for gait, po many
for build, bo many for teeth, so many for
face., and a fls for talent!
If you make enough points you may be
engaged as a clothes horse, and evolute
She has had more than the conven
tional experience that fall to the lot
cf most stage aspirants.
¦jr ft I£S JANE PLUNKETT, un
jy\ 3er the stag-a name of Jane
'.•4- ¦'• .-*¦¦ Irvine, is making a de
* . cided hit. in vaudeville in
IJe-w York City, She lias been play
ing-, -willi W right Huntington in "A
Etolen KissV at Kieth's. Miss Plun
tett has won columns of flattering
Eotit:es and. -moreover, has been bid
to . London for an important role in
a ce-w play to be put on at the Hay
rdarket. • . . ; ' ¦
Eliss !Plunkett is ths daughter of
William A. Plunkett, a well-known
Ettcmey of this city. She was a stu
dent #t the University of California
before going on the stage and wns
very popular in social circles m San
Francisco, &s well as in tiys college
city.- ;.. • -hi: [¦'
She was considered one of the most
striking of San Francisco's beautiful
daughters. Tall and slender, with a
shapely head, crowned by a fluff cl
French blonde hair, lar^e gray eyfi
and a.; brilliant complexion, she well
deserved h?r title, "the college
beauty."'. .:
Miss .Plunkett hss -written a very
clever description cf the trials and
tribulations that await the novice
¦who strays into stageland. It may
prove very helpful to the stage-struck
girl...
I've been' on the stage only one year,
but I think I've crowded five years' ex
perience? into lt«-and not all agreeable
ones, cither. This is not a thesis on the
Htape, merely an unpretentious account
of my experiences and those of other. Cal
ifornia girls who are East with the stage"
bee buzzing In their bonnets.
Like other girls who've had their fancy
properly be wlttcn "eye." The first sta
tion is the dressmaker's, and the second
the milliner's. Get transfers for both,
and tarry at them a while before you
peok him.
The other day I called on a San Fnm
ciseo girl whb Is playing a three-line part
in a popular play. The paperr^at home
have gushed over her great sukess. She
does give her three lines with Intelligent
enunciation, but somehow the critics and
1
or -flour grapes" which some of my state
ments might bring forth. '¦ '
rope, Siberia. Is. capable of sustaining *
population, of 80.000,000. The annual pro- :
duct Ion of cereals In Siberia la £,000,000
metric tonsT 6.000.000-to 8.000,000 quintals of.
which are exported. * The country .can. v
produce ' "¦ 10,000.000 -tons annually,' from
4.000,000 to 5,000.000 of which, are subject tQ
exportation, .,. •- • :.;•:¦!.';¦¦.* t
Their surprise took the-~form of-, grunts'
at my /unexpected . appearance. ' "How;,
much?"! asked, pointing at one of the :
smallest bags of nuts. 1 "Um!" grunted
a\ squaw,, pointing at my head: It was
¦ evident that she woiSld exchange the nuts
, for 'my v hat.'' Then began a chorus of
grunts that was as .ludicrous as terri
fying to me. Every squaw among them
held up her dirty bag of nuts, each -one >
pointing at a different article .of my ap
parel.' , They had all risen and pressed
closer, pointing and grunting.
:_; Suddenly the. squaw whom I had. first ¦:
questioned; made, a" lunge at' my head, 7 ;
Jerking- off the hat, regardless of hat-'
plns.\ My , hair tumbled down, and the •
"others, encouraged by the temerity of this ;
squaw, made \ at me to get their, cove ted ~
one -against a
"dozen squaws arid*~utterly''helpless. A
woman with a papoose strapped on' her-,
back unclasped my gold belt. In a mo
ment I would be divested of rings, pins, ,
cuff buttons and whatnot.' * •.w.fc5u->> >,=?_;
.Suddenly,, I began, to shriek and moan.?
The squaws fell back a pace only to press*
closer than before. But I made wild gos-'
tures and hideous faces at them. Again
-the fandango was consequently very gay.
/We all joined in the dancing, though un
¦ familiar with the Spanish steps. How-
I ever, the young cavaliers -did not mind
; ana. danced iwlth us too frequently to suit
the jealous senoritas. j 'They, called us the
.i'Gringitas'Vin dleparaptrur tones, and cast
lowering glances at usT^ Finally the storm
'.cloud' broke.-- One of the cavaliers had
-been Qancing with a member of our-com
pany to the disgust of his sweetheart.
She made her w£y through the maze of
. dancers and, hung, her betrothal ring at
her lover's face.- This was the signal for
.trouble^ and several of the girl's kinsmen
drew; ugly looking knivesh Just "as the
air was fraught with the coming duel: the
' atmosphere cleared and the fickle swain j
danced off with his ( smiting , lady love on .
his aria, . IJow tho trouble waa quelled.
I caught. : a return train'.that landed ma!
in San Francisco that ' night ; and 'an
nounced to my astonished family that
I had an engagement.. Clarke had offered
me one, on condition -that I Join tjie,^bom- •
pany next day in Fresno, prep'ared'tb play"
a small part on^thesame night. vBetween' 1
packing my trunk I learned the lines only
¦to forget them before .morning. .-.* I -t said
them alV the way down on the train and
became so steeped in them that I greeted i
Mrs. Bruguiere, . who was at . the' Fresno*,
station, -with "The day is too stormy for.
you to ¦[ venture out.' 1 J She ¦ thought 'the
Fresno sun had kinked my brain." • v f
,From the day we joined that" company .
until the'hour we left it, we^had^xcltlng"
adventures. .. : One;, afternoon £we -^landed"
In an Arizona town,' ¦with'" several hours
to spare before the night's performance.
I tried to get some other members of the
company to go out. to an Indian * camp
with me and not succeeding started oft?
by myself. After a three-mile walk over a
dusty road I came upon a' group, of In-.
dla^nsjBortlng pine nuts Into greasy bags.'
fed on the neat fictions of the stajre, I
thought It my duty to study before ap
pealing to a manager. It was while still
a student at the, University cf California
that I made ud my mind to go on the
stage. I was in my senior year then, and
had always intended to study medicine.'
Laugh If you will, for it is certainly a
long leap from medicine to the stage. I
had to give up the idea of medicine ow-
Ing I met a friend, Mrs. Pedar Bruguleve,
on the street. She had , on her traveling
dress and was justboardingacar.for tha
dr-pct to join the Harry Corson> Clarke
company at Sacramento. "Cotae up with
me," she pleaded,, "and see me act.". On
the impulse of -the moment, .we bought
two tickets for Sacramento and the train
pulled out * before. I •¦ realized; what T had
done. ' : ' ' '•' ' ¦. . : . • , \ ¦-,
ing to extreme nnar-slghtedness. Having
decided on the stage, I next found a
"school of acting," and enrolled myself
as one of tho members, but under the as
sumed name of "Jane Gray."*' ¦¦¦»••, "
I was still attending cbllege, and dread
ed the jibes of my classmates even more
than the ar.grr of my family. I could
hear the campus echoing with "Jane
Plunkctt's studying for the stage," so I
d?cided to keep it a dark secret from
every one, even j the Instructors in the"
school of acting. '.
A friend of the family' found out about
it somehow and called at-.tho school. to
remonstrate with me. The 'instructor ln
tUgnantly denied that a Miss - Plunkett
was studying in the school, and -our
friend, convinced of the sincerity of the'
statement, was about to leave when In I
walked. "Good morning. Miss Gray," said
the teacher. Tableau! ¦ • ¦ , . - *
Well, after that I had to confess to the
family, and gradually. won. their. tolerance
If not their consent. One' morning about
two months a£ter I had, ' begrun ¦ study- ¦
. There are two stations on the road to
». manager's ear— which might more
But it all reacts on the manager. It en
courages other cirls to ask him to lend
h'.s cars to the melancholy plaint of
Ophelia or the tirades of Katherlne. They
forget the hang of their gowns In the
ecstacy of art, and the manager bows
them out without giving them a chance
to elocutionize.
Long before her last appearance they've
both told the clever fiction so often that
they believe It themselves.
But, unfortunately, these girls and man
agers live only in story and biography.
It's a pretty bit of fiction, kept alive as
much by the actress ns manager. She pre
fers to have the public believe that he
raw pcnlus bubbling up In her, although
Fhe knows it was her Spanish Instep and
limpid eye that caught him. Hut if there
is really go nlus there It will out. and then
the actress becomes famous, and sho and
the manager put their heads together and
think ui> a line Ftory which can be used
in a magazine article o* "My First Ap
pearance on the Stage."
"My dear, we will make a Bernbardt of
you."
Of course, there are girls who are en
gaged on their ability alone. Their soul
ful rendition of Portia or Parthenla
wakes the lethargic emotions of the man
ager, and with tears In his voice he ex
claims:
from thinking parts tt» leadng lady. One*
you're on, you have a chance to win tho
center of the stage.
Sonis of the young townsmen who were
loitering around the hotel as I tried to
shrink in 'unnoticed, hoard the story and
went out to recapture the stolen things.
They assured me that the Indians never
harmed any one. though they never lost
an opportunity to get finery bv fair means
or foul. Had I not shov/n the white
foather when they firut surrounded me
they would probably never have dared to
E© as far as they di*I. My rescuers
found my hat In shreds, torn In the
scrimmage for possession. But the husky
squaw who had captured the belt was still
wearing It against ail comers. It went
about a quarter way around her waist,
and she had . jMeced out the rest with
strips of red calico. A word from one of
the bucks and she, sullenly parted with it.
In one of the New -Mexican towns a
number of the co.mpany went :to - a Span-
lsh barbecue, held just outside ;the town.
A great deal of "mescal" was spilled and
I never stopped running until 1 was well
on the road to town. Then I sat down,
a dishevelled creature with tangled locks.
liatless and b&ltless and laughed and
oried. Just in the nick of time I had
remembered .that the Indians, like ' the
Chinese, have a superstitious horror of
the Insane. •'.-¦ v
they fell back. Then I swayed and
'moaned and shrieked and tore at my hair
; and tossed my arms like the maddest
I madman. It was the squaws' turn "to be
> terrified. They hastily clutched their bags.
'and babies and fled as quickly as their'
avoirdupois wculd permit.
Two hundred thousand, farmers arrlva
in Siberia annually, the Government pro
viding them with free transportation and
giving each family the f ree. use of thiry
seven and a half acres of land for a stat
ed time. The population of Siberia Is now
8.-WA000. . Making a computation: upon tho
basis of the population of Russia In Eu-
¦ I v have met so many -stage-struck Cali
fornia girls here that I cannot resist the
temptation of turning off the calcium
lights and 1 showing some of the shadows
On. the stage.*, I have told of my modest
success with" what "may seem immodest
candor. But it was to ward off the cry
Shortly after my arrival in Chicago I
had a chance to go Into vaudeville and ac
cepted it, because it meant New York—
the Mecca of all theatrical folk. Since my
"arrival here, in the spring. I have been
# playtng with Mr. Wright Huntingdon In
"The Stolen Kiss," and the critics have
all said such kind things, and, best of all,
the audiences have received me so warm
ly that , I feel tweatly encouraged. I ex
pect to fill an engagement in London this
I winter, and hope to win greener laurels.
I was engaged for th» next week.
And she did. We drove up in her car
riage, with footman and coachman to
boot. I had on the stunning reception
gown, her handsome tables and — the pearl
powder!
"Cold!" she said." "Never mind the cold.
Put on your purple and fine linen, even
if you haven't anything warm under
neath. Light matches on the way, to
keep from freezing to death; but you've
got to make a stunning appearance. I'll
go with you myself to-morrow."
"In those?" she shrieked as horrified
as though I had gone In my nightgown.
"Oh, you Idiot." she laughed. '-'Sackcloth
won't go .' In this business, and ashes
aren't .at all becoming 1 , not nearly so be
coming as a little pearl powder. Why
didn't you wear that reception gown?"
' "Too cold," I answered; "and I've' no
wra'p to match."
"I've been," I answered.
The manager was Just coming out of his
iffice, and* after giving me one glance.
Impatiently read the proffered letter. "I'll
do what I can for you; I'll let you know
if 'l hear of any opening." was his polite,
way of dismissing me. I knew enough to
realize that this was the approved way
of getting rid of -an' undesirable, and I
went back to the actress.
"When are you going to him?" she
asked.
After leaving the Clarke company I went
to.Chlcago. I had a letter of introduction
to a well-known actress, who in turn gave
me one to a well-known manager! It waa
bitterly cold, and I put on my one warm
gown. I had used It ' for traveling", and
it was rather seedy looklifg. "Art with
a capital A." I said resolutely, as I but
toned the lll-fittlnfc. Jacket. '
"You're a game one," said the engineer,
when I told him of the ruse 1 had played.
What a ride that was. pounding over
the rails In a sooty cab! "Well, I got
there just, In time to scrub off the dirt,
and go on : wlth my' part. •
" "My dear young woman," he' remon
strated.'.^ . *
"Say yes; say yes," I, pleaded.
"I don't understand," said .the official.
"But—" . , ~. % \
I was on the other side of the door be
fore he finished, and lifted into the .cab
and off before any of them quite realized
the whole thing. . ">4 \. \
as .easily, as It was, fired?, we..lfnorant
o. /the Spanish language, could not know.
However, we thought It about time lor
thVGringitas" to slip out.. %•
1 AVhlle we were In El Paso I contracted a"
severe -cold, and the plan was that I
should stay over several days. But the
second day; I received a telegram com-,
mandlng fne to leave at once and join the
;ompany In time for that night's perform
ance.^ The telegram came at 2 In the
afternoon, and fifteen, minutes after .the
last passenger train had pulled out. An
engine .bound for the same town was Just
about # to .'.start. ."Take me along," I
begged the engineer. ¦**" .
'."Can't, "miss. Sorry, but you couldn t
ride In the cab." /
"Can't a woman ride In that?" I asked.
\ "Jim "Waters took his wife down last
; run, but be had the boss* permission."
\ 'Who's* boss?" : .'¦» f I s*
'•¦He pointed at. a door.- I braved the man
behind. "I'ni going to.rlde'down with mr
husband. . The baby's sick— I've got to
go. You must let me— please do!" I
tumbled a dozen' more sentences into his
ast.onished ear. " . _«.-» -M * t ''"* '•
And you and I and all the rest of us
would class • ourselves ' under th« excep
tions. So, what's the use? •
. ; . ;/•.-¦¦ ... JANE PIiUNKETT.
If I were writing a book of *'don't»" I'd
red-letter "don't go on the stage." Then,
of course, I'd have to put In ten excep
tions to prove the ruie. ••¦ •¦.'. \ -.
I went to a California society woman
who lives here In New. York and is. noted
for her charity. I had a card of introduc
tion to her. .Here Was a worthy cause
that surely would-' win her .sympathy. It
did. and the poor sick girl is down in Flor
ida now. . . - . ;" ¦
Talk about your hard luck stories! If
you can set these girls to talk you'll hear
tales to wring the heartstrings. Not long
ago I heard of another San Francisco girl
whom I had known from- babyhood up. I
pot her address and the meager informa
tion that she was supposed to be ill. I
found her wan and gaunt, shivering ur.der
a thin pair of blankets. There was no lire
In the room and no furniture save the bed.
bureau and chair. I forced her stor- out
of her. She had been singing in the chor
us at the Casino, had fallen sick and was
forced to give up. "They paid my salary
for a couple of weeks." she said, "and
sent out the doctor. Then they stopped
it. My friends at the theater have been
awfully good to me — brought. . me \ out
dainties and offered to lend me money.
But they've none to spare and I hated ta
borrow." I've pawned everything that I've
got. and If I were able to get up I
wouldn't have a stitch to my back,"
There are dozens of others like her. liv
ing, heaven knows how. and "waiting for
a chance." They half -starve and freeze,
but meet them on the avenue and they all
look prosperous. They live on good
clothes, and once In a while three scant
meals a day. It's absolutely necessary
while you are "waiting for a chance."
A stroll was proposed, so she got out a
chic little blue gown and a bis black vel
vet picture hat. with drocpir.ff plumes.
Then she powdered her little tip-tilted
nose afresh and penciled over the dellcata
hrows,. under -whieh two. big blue eye3
looked Innocently cut on the world. She
really did look very stunning, but not half
as dainty and fetchlr.K as the little fresh
colored girl she had been before sho
strayed into the world of makeup.
"Well, we went out and bought $3 worth
of goodies to eat, drew our salaries tho
next day and tlie famine was raised."
"On the fourth day w# were beginning
to feel dizzy and weak at the knees. I
happened' to be looking over some old
rubbish and found a long lost purse -with;
$5 in It. I had mialald It when first I
came to New York, before the grass grew
so short. . . ' • ¦" ': ¦ ¦ •
I had luncheon with the girla-a chop
.apiece, tea and bread, minus butter, and
.in my .especial honor some bakery cake
1 thought of the luncheon her family wera
sitting down to, but she evidently didn't
give it a regret. . "Paj>a*s furious at me
you 1 know." she said, "and he Just allows
me ?25 a month. I won't a«k him for a.
cent more, - and I Just consider that a
loan, and Intend to pay back every cent of
it." ! ¦
"Last month." she said, crunching tha
cake with, relish that she wouldn't feed to
Fido at home, "we were .'all broke. We
lived on bread and tea for fou.- days, with
Just one square ..meal, to break the diet
and that was when one of Grare's mashes
asked us to dinner at Del's. It waa too
fund a chance to fill our suffering Uttla
•tummies.* so we didn't refuse.
k ' But the girl herself doesn't pretend any
such nonsense. I climbed up the six flights
of stairs to the two tiny rooms which sho
shares with two other aspirants for hl3
trlanic honors. "I- haven't had a chance
yet/ she said, "but I'm going to grit my
teeth and hang on till I ao." lie- parents
have money and some social position In
San Francisco, and sh<» could have lad a
butterfly existence there. But sh* prefers
. to be a moth, fluttering h<*r wings at the
stage candle. . : . ¦
public have overlooked her. "Sectional
jealousy, you know, because she's not a P
New York girl." say her California frienda
'who are here. ¦¦.-..' - • . :
THE SUNDAY CALL
2
MY STRUGGLE TO
GET ON THE
STAGEAs soon as the gold has been weighed
and a receipt given it is sent into the
first melting-room, where the heterogene
ous mixture of quartzy nuggets, sandy
dust and lead-colored amalgam ts melted,
by itself in a plumbago crucible and cast
into a homogeneous brick, or bricks. as>
the quantity may be. As soon as this is
cooled two chips are taken from eac.i
Vrick and sent to the assay-room, where
an assay Is made of each of the pieces
Separately. If the results of the two as
says tally, then It is known that both are
correct, the value of the bricks are de
termined by their weight and fineness and
the owner receives minted coin In return
for his receipt. • ..'
After this the gold, having become the
property" of the United States. Is again
melted, mixed with Ibh metal and poured,
melting hot into tuba of cold water to
granulate it. so that the base metals can
be dissolved out completely by acid. The
gold remains as a fine livery looking pow
der, which Is pressed into cakes and cast
into ingots of pure gold. Each of these is
then weighed and with It is placed enough
copper to reduce it to the proper alloy for
coin, which must be hard to resist abra
sion. The gold is then melted for the
third time with the copper and cast Into
billets cf proper size to be passed through
the rolling mills in the coiner's depart-"
ment. This is the third and last k'.nd of
gold brick which is made at the mint.
The present season has been a lucky
one with the minor;? and the mint shows
It. for in the pictures on thfs page over
$K).0CO.00O worth cf go!d bricka have posed
and looked pleasant. • ¦_.'¦•
There in always a smal! ncrcemaye al
lowance for loss In handling the g^ld and
this is charged up to exrenses. In ear
lier times methods .were cruder, and less
w">.s known about the peculiarities of tha
precious metal. The wasts \'ha then
ana araw interest to tne kimount or twD
hundred dollars a month, at which rate
it would not take the brick so very many
years to buy itself a gold pedestal.
That shows the reward which comes to
anything for being good and pure. It
pay3 to be pood. An imitation gold brick
could not earn itself a pedestal if it tried
till the end cf time.
San Francisco's Mint melts more virgin
gold direct from the placer nuggets than
any other mint on earth, and its coinage
for thin year v.iil probably amount to
more than sixty million dollrsrs in twenty,
ten and five dollar gold pieces.
This is not exclusively American gold,
as the British Columbian. Mexican and
South American mines ship the greater
part of their product directly here, and
a hundred million dollars of croid reserva
on hand all the time, and those two pipes
are part of the reserve. They /ere mads
out of 20-dollar gold pieces and have al
most paid for themselves in the saving of
expense for broken glass, cpllled ac!d and
corroded lead pipes, whlc'.i ~re amonx
the complaints that these p'pes were
made to abate.
The most beautiful sight In the world Is
a eold brick.
Its beauty is not skin deep, either, for
it is just th» fame all the way through.
It is as wonderful as It is beautiful, for
its possiHliM— « arc as unlimited as human
attairment. .t has a pleasant expression
—a sort of SSO.000 smile that iz fixed and
pet.
When you realize what a gold brick caa
do you will see the truth of the forego
ing.
To bppln with, it !s worth $30,000; that Is
more thr.n most of us are or ever hope to
be worth. Tf you happen to be an average
farmhand setting $30 rt month it will take
yo:i just ninrty years to earn the price of
onv of them if you nav« no such bad Juck
a? iosing your health and if you manage
to bold your place that long.
If you are a more .«kl!led le borer or a
clerk wttl: some yearn' experience you
may be getting $2 a day.ir $G0,a month,
which Is a very comfortable sum. On
that salary, if you live at home, wear old
clothes and don't spend anything, forty
f.vc years of steady work will put you In
the position of being worth as much as
that brick which you see smiling at. you
so pleasantly from thr center o the page.
A gold brick, then. Is worth more than
the avrage man. either in actual coin or
in potential possibilities. See what it repre
sents when other standards are taken In
place of the human, which is highest 'of
all.
Farm horses are worth about $30 apiece
at the present time, take them as they
run, young and old, good and bad. The
gold brick could buy a thousand of them.
Or If the gold brick did not .want to buy
things with Itself It could just sit down
\>y the coiner. There n'.-e at present over
twenty million dollars' worth of them
piled In the different treasure caverns
Fcattered through the big stone building
or. F*ifth street, where over a thousand
million dollar?' worth havt- been made.
When you have once sren a real gold
brick, bright and gleaming with all the
radiant bappfnesa of a lifetime com
prepped within its dense mass, you cap.
thir.k more leniently of the man who
comes from the country and tries a short
cut to fortune by buying an imitation
plated affnlr for half price or less.
Jn the iihotosraph of the gold vault
three gold bricks will be Fcen on a truck
The curtocian put them there or.e at a
time
Blng!
tting:
Blng!
That was th*> time th3t money talked
pt>od and hard. Every time he slammc*'.
down one of those shining plugs it was
the price of a lone time of hard work.
froncnr aril privation. When the three
of them were sto<jd up there in line there
was a fortune su^h as men set 'or their
mark in the days of youth, struggle
through a lifetime for. sell their souls and
die •without.
Tliis i.«, of course, only rpraking of the
three bar? on the truck. Around the walls
the million? that are piled are too much
for comprehension and create no definite
Impression. Five mi'.lion dollars Is such
a distant sum that, like the faraway
mountain of great .--.ltitude.- perspective
hide* it behind the little mound in the
foreground.
Big as f\y<? million dollars Is. it is but
th<* Incident of a day to receive It over the
welghine counters of th«? San Francisco
Mint, and or. pomp occasions receipts for
mere than that have been given in a
tingle day. Each lot Is melted by Itself
and cast Into homogeneous bricks, from
which a chip is cut, an assay made of
It and the owner paid for the value as
Ehown by the result of the assay.
On the truck with the three bricks Is
elso a. bent pipe, a elpbon. It was not
¦*-,r-iJTE blffgost poM-br:ck factory !n
I Arrerica Is running full blast on all
•'¦][• ltF.furr.act-s, right here in San Fran
cisco.
. ¦ Gold bricks ere turned out by the ton.
and ye: It Is Impossible to supply the de
ir»fn<3.
These are not the famous gold bricks
you read so tr.iich about. In fact, they
arc seldom heard of. They are the real
tlims, ir.ade in the Mint to be stored
av.ay in the vaults until they are wanted
It is a perfect dream of a pipe and Is
worth S7000. It has a gold faucet at the
end of it and the rest of the pipe is cold,
too. That is why it is kept in the
vault. Another one likt.- it !s hanging or.
the wall. The interest on the vaiue of the
two siphon pipes, which are used re
drawing off sulphuric acid, would be Si;) 1 }
a mcr.th. It raak'-s no difference to th.->
Government, though, tor we keep aboiil
laid there accidentally; it was purposely
put there to have its picture taken.
sM.Trie of the pold from Australia, the Phil
ippines and Siberia eventually reaches
San Francisco.
• Gold In small quantities is a drug In the
market, and it is seldom that the person
with a few dollars' worth to sell gets
over. 1 one-fifth of its value for It. The
mint ennnot handle small amounts, as a
separate melt has to be made of each .In
dividual lot brought In. : Profiting by
this, dealers have established a taiiff
which makes old gold as hard to get rid
of as old clothes. After they have accu
mulated 5100 worth, the mint will take it
and pay Its full cash value, less about 2
per cent for refining charges.
The receiving-room at the mint Is one
«jf the most interesting marts in the whole
world of. trade. There, you will see the
great mine-owner, whose shipments have
come in by express, take a receipt for
more gold than he could have brought In
a wheelbarrow.
Beside him may be a miner who Is at
the other end of the scale, and with ln-
much greater than at present and on one
occasion a lucky chimney sweep made a
fortune profiting by a knowledge that ha
had in some manner obtained. The chim
neys of the old mint on Commercial street
had become so cloggea that the draft
from the smelting furnaces was insuffi
cient to generate the Intense heat re
quired for melting -ioiu to the proper
state of fluidity for casting flawless in
gots. Bids were asked for cleaning the
chimneys: most of them were for several
hundred dollars. One enterprising youn«*
man offered to clean the cl "nueys for
nothing If he were permitted to have tho
soot ''for his trouble. His very generous
offer was accepted and he secured more
than $20,000 worth of gold dust from the
cleanings; the result of the insenslblo
atomization of gold by the furious heat of
the furnaces, which had permitted it to
be carried up Into the chimneys. The
mint now does its own chimney sweeping.
cremates its own carpets and with them
the old clothes and mitts of the melters
and others whose work causes them to
come In contact with the abraded metal.
Tens of thousands of dollars are secured
In this way each year.
THE SUNDAY CALL.
nnltely more pride empties out : seven or
eight ounces of • "cucumber seed" and
"dust." the result of a season's pros
pecting: In virgin ground, where the lead
has not yet been determined. ' . • ; • " '¦ ¦¦¦
Chinamen are frequent depositors at the
mint. Their gold is nearly always a pare
gain to the world, for they work over th«
tailings and abandoned claims -wherever
they can make wages.. ¦ A China man does
rot dress up to come to town and they: are
therefore the most picturesque characters
of all as they arrive from some canyon ef
the Sierra, dressed in blue cotton blousa ;
and trousers tucked . Into ' "Owhldc.. top
boots, usually the biggest size they can
get for the money. The reason for their
frequent appearance In. person *s that
they do not put their trust in the '.'Velly-
Fnxgo man." as they understand the.
name of the express company to- be. ¦ f
3
UNCLES SAM'S
BIGGEST GOLD BRICK
FACTORYQCINCT ADAMS SAWYER— By Charle* Fel
ton Pidgin. C M. Clark Publishing Company,
L'oiton. $1 SO.
ELEMENTS OF SPOKEN FRENCH— By
Mnurice N. Kuhn. American Book Company,
New Tork. aO cents.
THE FOURTH GENERATION— By Sir Wal
ter Besant. Frederick A. Stokes Company.
New York. Jl SO.
JACK AMONO THE INDIANS— By Gcorga
Bird Grlnaell. Frederick A. Stokes Company,
New York. Jl 5.
LOVE AND MR. LEWISHAM— By H- G.
Wells- Frederick A. Stokes Company. New
Tork. |1 ZO. '.*•,-: j
ELEMENTS OF PHYSICS-By Henry A.
Rowland. Ph.D.. LL»D.. and Joseph S. Ames,
Ph.D.- American Book Company. New Tork.
$1.
A WOMAN OF YESTERDAY-By Carolina
A. Mason. Doubleday, Page & Co.. New
Tork. II 50.
FAITHS OF FAMOUS MEN-By John Ken
yon Kilboum. D.D. Henry T. Coates & Co..
Philadelphia. $2.
SCRUPLES— liy Thomas Cobb. John Lane.
The Bodley HeaJ. New Tork. Jl ZS.
THE CHURCH OF THC KATIIERS-By
John Henry Newman. John Lane, The Bodley
Head. New Tork. Jl 23.
ILLUSTRATIVE NOTES— A Guide to tho
Study of the International Sunday School Les
sons. By Rev. Thomas Benjamin Neely.. D.D. g
LL. D., Robert Remington I>oherty. Vix. j>.
Eaton & Mains. New York. »1.
WANTED— A MATCHMAKER — By Paul
Leicester Ford. Dodd, Mead & Co., New
York. $2.
OUTLINES OF SOCIAL ECONOMICS-By
George Gunton and Hayes Robblns. D. Apple
ton & Co.. New Tork.
THE ART OF WRITING ENGLISH-By J,
M. D. Meiklejohn, M. A. D. Appleton & Co..
New York. $1 BO.
THE BRASS BOTTLE— By F. Ar.stey. D,
ADOleton & Co.. New Tork. Jl &0.
LIFE OF HENRY OEORGE-By Henry
Georre Jr. Doubleday & McClura Co.. New
Tork. II 50.
' CHOOSING A. LIFE WORK— Ey Lewis Ean
tom Flske. LL.D. Eaton & Maios, San Fraa
ciseo and New York. 70 cents.
THE WILD ANIMAL, rLAY— By Ernest Se
ton-Thomoson. r>oubleday, Fage & Co.. New
Tork. 50 cents.
A PRINCESS OF ARCADY— By Arthur Hen
ry. Doubleday. Pago & Co., New York. |1 50. ¦
BIBLE SCHOOL PEDAGOGY— By A. EC Me
Klnney. I*h. D. Eaton. & Mains. New Tork.
23 cents: per dozen. J3.
THE UNITED STATES IN THE ORIENT—
By Charles A. Conant. Houghton. Mlfftla &
Co.. New Torlc. *1 25.
QUISANTE— By Anthony Hope. Frederic*
A. Stokes Company. New York. 11 50.
"THE S. G.." A ROMANCE OF PEKING—
By Julian Croskey. Mason. Brooklyn. N. T.
In paper. 50 cents.
THE AMERICAN SLAVE TRADE-By Joha
R. Spears. Charles Scribner's Sons, New York.
J2 50. .
MOOSWA AND OTHERS OP THE BOXJNTV4
ARIES— By "W. A. Fraaer. Charles ScrJbaer**
Sons, New York. |2.
SHORT RAILS— By Cy Warman. Charles
Scrtbner'B Sons. Nor York. $125.
THE WEIRD ORIENT— By Henry Elowiil.
Henry T. Coates & Co., Philadelphia. U 50.
KNICKERBOCKER'S HISTORY OB 1 NEW
TORK— Volume IL By Washington Irrtne.
Cassell's National Library. New Tork. In
paper, 10 cents.
THE STORY OF CHINA-By Neville P. Ed
warda. J. B. Lippincott Company. Philadel
phia. In paper, 50 cents.
THE REAL CHINESE QUESTION — By
Chester Holcombe. Dodd. Mead & Co., New
York. $1 50.
THE ENGLISH FLOWER GARDEN AND
HOME GROUNDS— By W. Robinson. Imported
by Chftrles Pcrlbner's Sons. New York. $5.
THE FIELDS OF DAWN AND LATER
SONNETS— By Lloyd Mlfflin. Hougnton. Mif
flln & Co.. New York. Jl.
TAKING CHANCES— By Clarence L. Cullen.
G. W. Dllllrsham Company. Now York. In
rarer. 30 cents.
JACCARD1N— By William Ryer. G. W. Dll
lingham Company. New York. $i 50.
YANKEE ENCHANTMENTS— By Charles
Battle Loomis. McClure, Phillips & Co., New
Tork. *1 23.
HEART TO HEART TALKS TVITH DIX
KELSPIElr—By George V. Hobart. G. V/.
IMllineham Company, New Tork. In paper. DO
cents.
THE STORY. OP MONET— By Edward C.
Towne, B. A. G. W. Dllllngham Ccmpaay,
BooKs Received.
Miss Sarah Orne Jewett has Just com
pleted an American historical romance,
which will appear as a serial in the At
lantic Monthly, beginning in November.
1900. Its title is "The Tory Lover." Tha
romance opens in the rich provincial
neighborhood of the Piscataqua River,
upon ground familiar to the readers of
iliss Jewett's short stories. It is con
cerned with the early affairs of the Revo
lution; with the exiled loyalists, whoib
adventures afford a now field for histori
cal fiction, and with the fortunes of th.9
frigate Ranger on the French and Enp
llsh coasts. Readers who are curious aaVf
to literary coincidences may be interested i
to know that Miss Jewett has been occu
pied with this story for several years, and
that her singularly spirited picture of
John Paul Jones, who ia one of the heroes
of the tale, was composed before the pub
lication of "Richard Carvel."
scene is laid In this country and it f* said
that psychological and spiritual elements
enter Into the story. •
Miss Wilkins' novel is called "The Por
tion of Labor." It is a study of iife an-i
character In a New England factory town.
A novelette by Booth Tarklngton. au
thor of "The Gentleman fircua Imhar.a,"
will also appear In the magazine, early ia
the year. .
'irtie bear stories, by Joa<ra!n Miller, tha
"Poet of the Sierras," will be tesupd at
once by Rand. McNally & </ o . These
stories are Impregnated with an atmos
phere of excitement and advnture that
at once attracts and holds tho reader's •
attention. Many hairbreadth escapes and
humorous situations, together with a
thrilling account of the capture of the
celebrated grizzly "Monarch. 1 rr.ake a '
book that i3 especially Interesting to both
old and young. The book is Il
lustrated with half-tone pictures ar.<3 col
ored plates, and contains Introductory
notes by Dr. David Starr Jor-lan, presi
dent of Leland Stanford Jr. t'niversityi>-^#'
Rev. Charles II. Sheldon, whose story,
"In His Steps," has had a sale of mora
than four million copies, has been making ;
a special study of tho servar.t-girl Ques
tion. A new story from his per., entitled,.
"Born to Serve," is the result. Critics
¦who have read the manuscript predict .
that it will be as popular as any cf his
former stories. He will read the story in
Berkeley Temple, Boston, on four succes
sive evenings, during the first week in De
cember, and in Plymouth Church. Brook
lyn, where Dr. Hlllis is pastor, during the .
second week. The proceeds of the read- .
ing3 will be used to establish a training
school for servants in Topeka. Kan. The
story will be published as a serial, begin
ning December 6. in Tho Christian En
deavor World. ]__
.Though the Franciscans usually wear a broad
brimmed hat when In the open air, I never saw
the original of Father Salvierderra. wear * hat
•atcept when ridlr.j. VThea oa foot ho would
At another time, as we walked through the
garden,. he stooped, and putting his hand under
on: of the gorgeoixa Callfornlan popples, re
irjarkri. a* be turned Its face up to mo. "Is
not our little brother beautiful?" v
*yv? NEW and exceptionally artistic
// \\ holiday edition of Helen Hunt
Jl AJackson's masterpiece, "Ramona,"
has Just been published by Little,
Itrown & Co., Boston. Although Mrs.
Jackson died in San Francisco some six
tcfn years or more ago, this classic from
her pen will undoubtedly live among the
best romantic fiction for all time. It is
a nory that nearly every Califorr.ian has
road— !f not they should delay no longer,
for the y hive missed the lj<?s=t novel of
the old CaUfornlan days before the Amer
ican invasion that has over been written.
It vroula be a real pleasure to dwell at
lrngth upon the graceful charm and po««t-
Icai earnestness cf "H. H." as exempli
fied in this her greatest work; to recall
fifrain her sympathetic treatment of Ra
mor.a. the Indian Alcssandro. and Father
Salvirrderra; but t--pace forbids nor is it
necessary now for any voice to be raised
In praise of a work so generally accepted
as rnatchless in its own peculiar field.
"Itair.ona" would be Just as good reading
from a paper covered book hs done into
exquisitely bound and printed volumes,
hut aside from the ehame it would be
to ask such a work of genius to appear
in unbecoming garb, the present edition
gives something more than tho text. It
contains photogravures from the brush
of Henry Sandham, the famous artist
who studied his. subjects with Mrs. Jack
fon, and whose work is here reproduced
by the best of modern processes. These
illustrations make the volumes^oubly In
teresting and valuable.
Mr. Sandham has written a brief intro
duction explanatory of his work, in which
fce says:
I was fortunate enough to trai%l In com
rasy with Mrs. Jackson at the time that she
Tva» .acc.MTnulatir.s h«r material for what has
Bince become the b«-st-known of all her books,
and it was originally the plan that we should
woric tosrether on It. Seventeen year6. how
evrr. r«sse<J before I was able to finish my
fhare cf the work that Mrs. Jackson po pra
.ciousjy desigr.cted bs "our .book."
¦ At : the time of the Callfornlan sojourn I
Vnew neither the name nor the exact details
of the Tiroj>os<-d book: but I did know that the
prneral plan was a defense of the Mission In
dians, together with a plea for the preserva
. tioa of the Mission buildings, and so on, the
¦ whole to be enveloped in the mystery and
pootry of romance. I had thus sufficient knowl
i edee ; cf the spirit o f the text to work with
: ker-ner zest upon the sketches for the illustra
tion?—f-kttches. which it may be of Interest to
Know, were always made on the «"j>ot with
Mr?. Jackson close at hand supgestin? empha
sis on this object or prominence to that, as it
was .to have tm-clal mention in the book.
Thus it can readily be understood what
c. \aluable acquisition the present edi
tion will make to any library, for these
pictures are properly as much a part of
¦the complete romance as the text itself.
.They are pictures created under the guld
ir.g hand of the author herself. Her spirit
has been breathed into them and they
give the finishing touch of reality to her
words. Besides the large number of full
page drawings each chapter is decorated
with a pen and ink sketch heading of
real life or existing place.
An able introduction ie given by Sarah
C. Woolsey, better known as Susan Cool
idgei who was a personal friend of Mrs.
Jackson and therefore writes as one with
authority. She gives a most delightful
picture of the author — one full of the sym
pathy ar.d understanding made possible
only by long acquaintance. In speaking
of Mrs. Jackson's personality she says:
Several winters she spent In New Haven,
¦ a^d it was thore that I first made her ac
quaintance. She was Ftill a young woman at
that time, under thirty, and. without exactly
' being pretty, she was remarkably attractive.
Symmetry rather than beauty was her charac-
W-ri«!c. Her hair, of the palest blond and fine
as nn Infant's, rirpled naturally round her
tnrehead. Her eyee, of a greenish gray, were
full of dance en<l mlsclilef. There seemed al
ways a laugh in them, even when the rest of
her face was grave. She had a. slender, ex
i restive hand and a pretty foot. A eort of
eacer eparkle distinguished her manner, and
hf-r whole personality was full of charm— that
. < Juf'.ye Quality which all feel, but none can
« xplain. Her dress -has always becomlni? and
: «-f>etlve.. In those days she gave a good deal
ot time to such matters, later she became more
indifferent to them, but there was always
eomothini? Individual in her attire, and always
the «a* daintily, choicely neat.
, Miss Woolsey 5eems of the opinion that
Mrs, J»ckson had no exact persoi.s in
riiind when drawing her characters, while
Mr. iSandham holds to the contrary^ Here
i* a' part of what she says:
On h«:r desk that m-lnter stood an unframed
X-h'otograi'h after Uante Kossettl — two heads, a.
man's and a woman's, set in a nimbus of cloud,
with a .strange, beautiful r*gcrd a nd meaning
!n their eyes. They were exactly her idea of
v. h.-iT Ramona and Alescandro looked like, sh?
said. Th« characters cf the novel never. I
¦ ; think, csmt bo near to materialization in her
eyes' as -in this photograph. It was a purely
¦ idea.1 story. Doubtless seme eld Spanish
¦'haoienda'' furnished the motif for her Moreno
ranch; doubtless some stately young Indian
sug^ted Al«san<!ro; the landscape, the local
C'-rfor. thr .traditions, the eld customs, seen or
<Jescr:lxd. fill bient in her "memory sketch."
us at\ '.irUM would call it. and helped in th<*
perfect Inc of the picture, but I have no reason
to evrpese "from anything said by her that she
. ictettlcnsily dsForibed any exact place or per
:. »on. ' It is high twtimcuy to the verisimilitude
• jand Vividness of the tale that so many admirers
liavc rbsa BJ) w ho are ready to swear to the ex
act localities and actual existence of Its dra
mati* persons*. I'hctocraphs are exhibited."
~l>:*!-iir.g mmb used toy liamona," "Old clock
|a the Moreno Mansion." "Altar piece in the
cfclgeit™ "Rawhide bed on which Felipe lay,"
«;¦?..¦ •whtch photographs' would have artoniehed
find jMnufed uo.cne to ntucJi as the dear author
of the BtatT.' fa »toa the vense or humor r.n>r
iirnnvd o,r left w ray down to her dying huur.
\Y hat was literal esd actual la "Kamona" wa*
that : part of It which relates to the Indian
.uto^h and spoliations. The vlllape of Temec
uJa :«'as vre-empted as tvlld land and seized
•c:>on l>y white Bettlers, iU owners being turned
out :hcrnfless and: helpless into th« wilderness
Jufi before Fhe went to California to write her
report. Many incidents of the story she per
r.onsily wiineesed. The ehftotlng of the Indian
tvha. Jr.. a rtatc of cataleptic aberration had
ridden a ;.»vhUe. ir.an's horse home Instead of
i .- own took place while the vthb there. Here
cnly- <J<««' the novel copy after life; the rest Is
the .lovely sdtln* which an ardent imagination
and train^i capacity have woven about facts
ro tratric that only thus- adorned could our eaee
' lovinK public be Induced to look at them.
Mr: Sandham expresses himself on the
rVibjcct as folloivs:
.As illustrative of the •uth.or'B fidelity to truth
1a character <Jrawlnjf I shall mention but one of
th» tpatiy rrH characters, namely, the original
of Father Salvierderra. This character is pos
itivelr In Its accuratenesa. I knew
ttie :orl*rinal . father well and often sought- his
BRslptar.ee and advice: I remember I needed
¦ him once . while at work in the Santa Bar
bara Mission, and, falling to find him in any
other, lit his favorite haunts, I entered the
church, where I found blxn kneeling before the
altar praying;. He looked, up as I entered and
with his usual lovable smile said. "I will be
¦ »Itb you.i-n a few minutes, my son." Shortly
i- rose to his feet, threw his arm around my
neck, and leaning on my shoulder (he was then
- well, past TO years of age) he asked, as w«
' passed down the = corridor, "What can I do to
help you?" In this question lay the keynote
of bis whole life. :
considerations with which the body of the
book is occupied. The power of this one
chapter is unmistakable and moat per
suasive.
A review of this book within limits of
space is impossible. It must be read Ing
order to be appreciated or that its pur
pose, which comprehends an adaptability
to all classes of readers, may be under
stood. We append, nowever, a few titles
of the "studies," or, as they truly are,
excurse, upon topics suggested by hte
"Ufe of Christ." viz: 'The Divine Birth,"
"The Unique Supremacy of Jesus," "The
Testimony cf Skeptics and Free Inquir
ers." "The Human Education of Jesus,"
"Lessons of the Unrecorded Years." "The
Family at Nazareth," "The Condition of
the World," "The Messianic Hope," "John
the Baptist." "The Form of Christ's
Teachings," "The Substance of Christ's
Teachings" (showing his relation to the
priests and legalists, etc.), "Christ's Con
demnation of Pharisaic Religionism,"
of Christ," "The Apostles." "The Miracles
of Christ," "The Spotters," "The Closing
Days," "The Last Supper," "The Trial
Before Pilate," "The Right View of
"Christ's Sufferings." "The Atonement,"
"The Ascension and Its True Meaning."
"The Final Issues."
la all there are forty-three of these
TV. A. Frisbie has written a number of
comical verses, all of which go to make
another volume for the pack of Santa
Claus. The book is, called "The Bandit
Mouse and Other Tales," and is illustra
ted profusely with pictures in many colors
Trje Baodit Mouse
Most of the contents of this volume have
been for the first time translated and are
representatives of his latest views. (Price
J2 00.)
On most points the reader cannot help
agreeing with Count Tolstoi, but even
when assent does not go so far, one can
not help admiring his fearless logic. hi3
consistency, his untiring zeal and his good
temper. It is evident that in -many re
spects—especially as regards the absurd
ity of war— he is far in advance of his
time, and that his thoughts will have a
great and ever Increasing influence on the
growing generation. In this respect this
volume, full as It Is of pregnant apo
thegms, is one of the most notable of hia
contributions to the literature of the
century.
In this wonderful collection of papers so
unified in their aim and object— the benefit
of humanity— and so varied in their con
tents.
"studies" contained within the 424 pages.
every one of which Is interesting to tho
religionist, the sociologist and the human
itarian. <By Rev. Dr. \V. F. Farrar. dean
of Canterbury. Published by Dodd, Mead
& Co., New York. Price $2 50.)
Tolstoi Letters ar)d Essays.
Thomas Y. Crowell & Co. ofNcw.iork
have Just published an admirable collec
tion of the essays, letters and miscellanies
of Count Lyof N. Tolstoi. Nothing is
moro Interesting ¦ in the world of blogr
raphy than the logical consistency of
Count Tolstoi's moral development. Ths
beginning of its evolution may be traced
even in the earliest of his romances—
"The Cossacks"— and all through the
more serious parts of his later novels,
culminating, of course, in "Resurrection."
This evolution has been in the direction of
Christian socialism. He has evolved his
code of ethics directly from New Testa
ment teachings and* he has iterated his
belief in the propriety of every man earn
ing his bread in the sweat of his face, in
sharing his goods with those poorer than
himself, in doing away with courts, and
all forms of government and in disband
ing armies by the natural process of all
men refusing to bear arms. These and
similar tenets he has emphasized In the
form of parables, letters, to friends and
newspapers and . carefully considered es
says, full of the eloquence of conviction
and the power of, sarcasm. Great as he
is as a novelist— and even in many of
these papers the hand of the romancer
la apparent in the graphic and dramatic
READERS who so thoroughly enjoyed the verses in "A S*a
son's Sowing" will be glad to know that Mr. Ch«irls3 Keeler
has again allowed his poeticr.l fancies to r.-cert themselves.
The rssulc is a charming 1 book of poems entitled "Idyls of El Dora
do," also including "Woodland Tales Hcsparian, Wherein Arc Nar
rated Nature Myths of California." In this work tha euthor de
votes his attention entirely to Qalifornian themes and his verses
are characterized by the same sincerity nnd spiritual delicacy that
are always in evidenca in Mr. Kseler's writings.
Mr. Keeler is a Califcrnian and a con that the State may just
ly bs proud of. He is a graduate cf .the University of California and
is recognized universally as one cf the leading ornithologists of
the United States. His books on birds arg regarded in the highest
light by both specialist and general readsr.
"Idyls of El Dorado" is published by A. M. Robertson, San
by Bart. The table of contents includes
six different sections, each one of which
will piove equally delightful to the youth
ful mind of the rising, generation. -The
first gives the Tale of. the Bandit Mouse
being a history of this dreaded person,
his band of reckless adventurers and the
various things they did. ¦ The second is
devoted to The Paddlefeet— telling, the
many experiences by which the ducklings
learned that Uncle Peter Pelican was
wiser than they. The third tells some
Natural History Stories— the same being
some unproved narratives concerning
various members of the animal kingdom,
which might' surprise the animals and
certainly will delight the children. In the
fourth, under the head, "Supposing " ap
pear some surprising surmises as to how
things would be if they were other than
as they are. The fifth section Is taken
up with Snap Shots— a miscellaneous as
sortment of verses on subjects familiar
and fanciful. | The sixth is The End of the
Talc— showing how the eventful career of
the Bandit Mouse and his crew was final
ly, cut short. (Published by Rand. Mc-
Nally & Co., New York. Price Jl 25.)
Rudyard Reviewed.
Mr. "W. J. Peddicord | of Portland, Or.,
has his knife out for Mr. Rudyard Kip
ling of England. In a recent publication,
entitled ' "Rudyard Reviewed," the same
being a review of Kipling's "American
Notes," "Seven Seas," "Barrack-room Bal
lads," "Departmental Ditties" and "Other
Verses," Mr. Peddicord slashes about
him at a great rate and with most pa-
"The Spiritual Lessons From the Brown
ings" is by the Rev. Amory H. Bradford,
D.D. The object in the three chapters of
his exposition Is not to cover the whole
ground of the spiritual or religious teach
ings of Robert and Elizabeth Barrett
Browning, which would probably require
a larre volume; but rather he takes, in
the case of the one, the -poem entitled
"Cleon," which he calls an echo of Paul's
sermon on Mars Hill, and in the case of
the other the central teaching of "Aurora
Leigh."
"Some Ideals in the Education of "Wo
men", is ; the subject taken by Caroline
Hazard.' Miss Hazard is the president of
"Wellesley College. ,.: She ¦ calls attention to
the significant fact that from the earliest
times many, of the virtues have been per
sonified by, a goddess/ and after the com
ing of Christianity the virtues themselves
—Humility,' Chastity, Mercy and even Jus
tice—became feminine. Miss Hazard does
not pretend -to exhaust her subject: she
merely hints at some of the standards
which women must nowadays take for
Four tastefully bound, and printed vol
umes of essays come to us from the press
of Thomas Y. Crowell & Co., New York.
They are uniform in style and price and
as attractive for the matter which they
contain as they are pleasing in appear
ance.
pour Essays
William Hemstreet is the author of a
work. "Electricity and the Resurrection,"
which purports to l>e a demonstration of
the real and objective existence of Paul's
"Spiritual Body." He discards all mysti
ticism in religion and theology and claims
that to find the one religion the human
race must abandon a metaphysical God
and a metaphysical soul for a soul and a
god that are connected with science.
Proceeding upon this postulate, the au
thor searches for the material substancfl
or organic essence of the soul, and is
forced to admit that he can find no other
than the luminiferous ether, the motions
and phenomena of which are known as
electricity, and fill the human body, as
life. The book is written for the masses
as well as the discriminating student.
(Published by Universal Truth Publishing
Company, Chicago. Price. in cloth $1, in
paper 50 cents).
Mr. P.uoll has written with his heart
and soul in the work, and the result is a
biography that should have a place on the
library shelves of every lover of his coun
try's history. (Published by Charles
Scribner's Sons, New York. In two vol
umes, price ?3.) '
Electricity and tbe Resurrection.
"It is by no means enough that an offi
cer of the navy should be a capable mar
iner. He must be that, of course, but also
a gmit deal more. He should be as well
a gentleman of liberal education, refined
manners, punctilious courtesy and" the
nicest sense of per?onal honor."
Jones' own idea of what a naval com
mandor should be applies well to his own
case and gives the spirit in which he is
treated in the present work. He says:
Paul Jones has long been such a famil
iar object in romance and fiction that his
name has come to be Involved in an nir
of uncertainty and mystery. He is re
garded rather for his personal prowess—
a man of action with the bold, chivalrous
dash of the buccaneer— than as the found
er of the American navy. In reality he
was a man who not only possessed all
the bravery of a daring personality, but
combined as well the wise head of an
experienced seaman and a well-educated
mind.
.In two volumes just published. "Paul
Jones, the Founder . of the American
Navy," Augustus C. Buell has by the
uid of his technical knowledge brought
out these very points which have been so
long neglected and given to the. naval his
tory of this country a most important ad
dition, lie has brought in plenty of new
material to give life to his work and com
bined the whole in the form of a story
as interesting to the general reader as to
the lover of history pure and simple. He
gives us Paul Jones as a historical char
acter, as a living personage who can be
compared with the men of that exciting
poriod. The author, being a man famil
iar with the building and sailing of ships,
possesses to just the happy degree the
power of selection and discrimination nec
essary to present a clear statement of
facts and at the same time make a read
able story without verbosity.
Paul Jones, Founder of tl}S Aroen-
C3Q Navy. ,
The author cannot be accused of lack
ing in the strength of his convictions. At
times he expresses his opinions with
such force that they seem to savor rather
of a personal tirade against the man than
an impartial criticism of his work:
From the moment he landed in San Fran
cisco he began to seek his own. He guzzles
beer -In her saloons, wolfs his food at her free
lunch counters along with other . frequenters
of the barroom, courts tlie company of the
coarse and profane, rues with a bunko-steerer,
pees the flees and tilth of the city's byways,
falls out with her intelligent, gentlemanly
hotel clerks because ' they are thrifty and
think themselves tba equal of a "bloated Brah
min," writes dof;gerel three parts Hindu,
"elephantes." Jack tar slang and "Gypsy-folk
bolee," and ttien rants about how horrible to
him Is the speech of the San Franciscan. ¦
Mr. Peddlcord accounts for the pro
found interest of the world in Mr. Kip
ling's recent severe illness as follows:
Mr. Kipling's period of greatest popularity
will, no doubt, be found by future writers of
literary history to coincide exactly with the
period in which England and America were
vying with each other In their efforts to bring
about a strong Anglo-Saxon alliance, such, as
the world had never known before. • •• •
Kipling's Illness was but ah Incident, a link In
this golden chain of circumstances so happy
in their result?. Had his popularity been a
result of hla genius, the many tributes show
ered upon him by both prince and peasant. In
prose and in verse, raid at a time when he
wan literally incapacitated for doing any lit
erary-work at all, and long after works had
issued from the. press for which he has been
most, complimented, seem rather inopportune
and -fall little short of being too late. They
should have been paid at the time the pro
duction*, eliciting them issued from the press,
if meant eolely as a tribute to his genius.
From the foreging perspiration of
words, which Mr. Peddicord sheds in hjs
efforts, it will be seen that criticizing
Kipling Is hard work. . (Whitaker, Ray &
Co., San Francisco. Price, $1.)
"Calm-eyed he scoffs at aword and orown,
Or panic-blinded, stabs or slays;
Blatant, he bids the world bow down,
Or cringing, begs a crumb of praise";
Or a share in his most extraordinary compli
ment to their countrymen: "When an Ameri
can wishes to be correct, he sets himself to
imitate the Englishman. This he does vilely,
and earns not only the contempt of h!« breth
ren, but the amused scorn of the Briton." This
little volume Is affectionately dedicated, with
no little esteem for. their Stoic-like impervious
ness and their supreme indifference to the
criticism by strangers of our country, its in
stitutions and people.
triotic fervor. His dedication Is an Index
to the spirit in which the review Is writ
ten:
To those of my countrymen whose inordinate
admiration of ' Mr. Kipling's geniu* has won
for them a special Interest in his splendid
tribute to an American:
The book in hand Is replete with the
choicest literary expression and the hap
piest terms of vivid mentition. Its spirit
is optimistic. Whatever of necessary
lconoclasiri may be formed Is rather Infer
ential than directly purposeful; and the
reader with rare, if any, exceptions, finds
himself borne along In entire sympathy
with the gentleness, vivacity and candor
of the author. To those who have. read his
"Life of Christ" it will be apparent that
Dean Farrar has himself steadily ripened
in the faculties of insight; in strong co
ordinations of rich and varied thought,
and In the tenderness that results from a
llfe-devotedness in thought and action as
an Interpreter of the Supreme Character
with whom he seems to walk and talk.
Perhaps his most impressive chapter Is
concerning "the resurrection." In a man
ner It seems to be the summing up in
that exeat "Tact" of all the antecedent
But his works are none the less of the
greatest importance to religionists of the
so-called higher planes of thought or
more metaphysical conceptions.
It is probable that this active and
scholarly divine has accomplished moro
in the line of popularizing the knowledge
of spiritual things than any of his ma.i;y
and very able colaborers In this rich field
of investigation. His works may be said
to be basic in the sense that the popular
mind is stimulated thereby to a higher
research and more satisfactory attain
ment than have heretofore resulted from
ecclesiastical dogmatics. With unerring
instinct as well as an informal judgment
he adheres to the Christ as the center
of attraction and Irradiation . in all that
he writes, j 'He thus lends powerful aid to
a widespread Impulse among'men of thU
epoch to learn anew of this Jesus of Nai.
arcth— as an actual world-power which
must be accounted with In every phase
of human society and m every line of hu
man activity.
"The Life of Lives." which is the latest
contribution of the noted Dean Farrar to
modern thought and sound literature a.a
to the Christ v.-ill be found not only of
surpassing interest but a .thesaurus of
topical discussions upon themes which are
undergoing a recast freshly thought out
reversion to primitive Christian ideals.
The Life of Lives.
Mr. Btanton has been rightly called
"The poet laureate of the South." (Pub
lished by the liowen-Merrill Company, In
dianapolis.)
Let the dream pass!
Here is one that should be a daily read
ing for the many people who see only the
dark side of life:
"Jest to be happy!" you"d hear him eay —
Allus a-talkln' it thataway:
"Je6t to be happy one day— one day!"
An' the poor, sad feller, he never knowed
When happiness met him en the road
An' tried to help him. an' lilt the load!
Allus a-talkln' it thataway:
"Jett to be happy one day — one day!"
"Jest to be happy!" 'Twas still his long;
Ar.' happiness— knowin' the tune wuz wrong,
L'afin" eroun' him all day long!
"Jest to be happy!" he'd sl'.V. repeat.
"With happiness makln' the whole wort' sweet
1 here, in the violets, at his feet!
Alluf a-talkln' it thataway:
"Jest to be happy one day — one day!"
It would be well If the following were
taken to heart:
Life hath Its burdens-
Bitter, alas!
Still we can bear them: •
Let the dream pass!
Vanishing ever—
The sands in the Mass;
Time will not linger:
Let the dream pass!
Why, in the shadow—
Why. in the gleam.
Should we sit sighing
Over a dream?
Phantoms pursuing
Vainly, alas!
Deeds for the doing! —
Mr. Stanton shows a thorough knowl
edge of negro character and one doesn't
have to be told where he has spent a great
part of his life.
His keen appreciation of the best in life
is shown in his work, and his verses will
touch many a sympathetic heart. There
is so much that is pessimistic in much of
the writing of to-day that these refresh
ing pcems will be a relief.
Jedgmlnt Day!"
There are others equally charming, giv
ing vivid pictures of negro life and told In
perfect negro dialect.
Dat my hopes Is vain
En' I drinked my dram fer ter ease my pain!
Den de screech owl screech f'um de north ter
south:
"You drinked yo f dram, en" you smacked yo'
mouth!
En' yo' gwlne de way
'Whar' de brimstone stay.
En' Satan gwine ter roas' you at de
I tell. In plain
Den I ehake en' shiver.
En' I hunt fer klver,
En' I cry ter de good Lawd, "Please deliver!"
En' you gwlne de way
Vhar' de brimstone etay,
En' Satan gwlne ter roas' you at de
Jedgmlnt Day'."
Jedgmlnt Day!"
Den de ol 1 ha'nt *ay, f'um de ol' chu'eh wall:
"You des so trlflln* dat you had ter fall!
off;
En' you gwine de way
Whar' de sinners stay.
En' Satan pwlne ter roas' you at de
The "Plantation Songs" are especially
delightful to Southern people, and It may
be truthfully said that what Kipling is to
India, Stanton is to the South.
One of the best of the negro dialect
poems is "The Backsliding Brother."
De screech owl screech f'um de ol' barn lot';
"You drinked yo" dram s?nce you done Bvrtar
Sengs From Dixie's Land.
"Songs From Dixie's Land," a collection
of Frank L. Stanton's choicest poems,
bound in an artistic cover of blue and gold
and well illustrated by W. H. Gallaway.
bids fair to become a popular holiday
book.
The poems are grouped under six sub
jects; "Plantation Songs." "Just from
Georgia," "Songs of Good Cheer," "The
Philosopher," "Love Songs" and "Songs
of Other DayE."
often walk with his cowl thrown back, his head
cxr-osed to the eun. Occasionally I ha\-e seen
him rather a handful of leaves, place them on
his head and draw his cowl forward, remarking:
•My big brother is too strong for trie."
In my Etu.Jio I have the venerable father's
coxpslete costume, given to me at the time I
was making the Ramona sketches. It includes
th<- cassock, cowl, sandals and hempen girdle,
with its symbolical five kno\ J .
The rar.flals are well worn, and the cowl
bleached and faded by the sun— marks of the
endless rounds of toils and duties so faithfully
described ly Mrs. Jackson.
Where the doctors disagree of course it
is rather a difficult matter for the lay
man to decide which opinion he shall ac
ctpt for his own. But in this case it
really matters little which is correct, and
it is equally p!ca.sant to believe them both.
"Ramona" is published in two volumes,
medium Svo. Cloth wrappers, cloth box,
with cover designs by Amy N. Sacker. S6;
three-quarters crushed Levant, gilt top,
?12 edition de luxe, half morocco, $15 net.
B. G. L.ATHROP.
Lovers of Irish sketches cannot fail to
appreciate and enjoy the writings of John
J. Jennings. Hi3 book containing the re
marks of the talkative Widow Magoogin
and her cronfes has been recently pub
lished. The widow held little talks with
her neighbor, Mrs. McGlaggerty. as far
back as 18S2. and continued her conversa
tions, first in the St. Loul3 Critic and
later In the New York Sunday Mercury,
until 1P94. Some conversations — not more
than half a dozen— on topics of recent in
terest have been added. Otherwise the
collection consists of reprints of the Irish
widow's previous utterances. (Published
by the G. W. Dtllingham Company, New
York. Price 51 25.)
Widow /Wagogin
The rhymes are in light and catchy Jin
gle and the Illustrations fantastic and
lively enough to entertain the most un
ruly of the Fmall fry. The book should
have a good holiday sale. i.rublished by
Frederick A. Stokes Company, New York.
Price $1 W.)
Funny little fellows are these with their
barbarous manners and rough ways, but
through their very boorishness they teach
an admirable lesson to the youth who
would be good, but occasionally fall from
grace through the exuberance of few
years and light hearts.
Gelett Burgess' "Goops," who delighted
the little readers of St. Nicholas with
their odd antics and round faces some
time ago, have now been gathered into a
fine big red book to make their bow
among the holiday gifts of Santa Claus.
Goops.
The central thought which connects the
papers is that the modern world is in a
condition of instable equilibrium: that the
center Is shifting toward this country;
that the struggle of the future will force
America and Great Britain to act as allies
to maintain themselves against the grow
ing power of Russia. The writer holds
that the British have overtaxed their
strength; that decay has set in; that the
British islands will eventually be only an
Anglo-Saxon outpost facing Europe. The
forces which tend to shift the center of
dominion he considers to be Irresistible
and inevitable. The various papers are
short and have all the defects of maga
zine articles written for a momentary in
terest, and it Is to be regretted the au
thor did not have the industry to revise
them all and work out hia theory in a
more satisfactory manner. (Published by
the Macmillan Company, New York.
Price $1 23.)
BrooksiAdams has collected a series of
essays on kindred subjects published dur
ing the last three years and with very
few changes fused them into a volume to
which he gives the title "America's a-co
nomic Supremacy." The titles of the pa
pers are: "The Spanish War and the
Equilibrium of the World." "The New
Struggle for Life Among the Nations,"
"England's Decadence In the West In
dies," "Natural Selection in Literature,"
"Russia's Interest in China."
their education. She thinks that women
are pre-eminent In three different ways
as the binders together of society, as the
beautiflers of life and as the preservers
of . morals. She gives many sound ana
practical hints.
In his essay on "The Art of Optimism,
as Taught by Robert Browning," W "Ham
De Witt Hyde defines optimism as the art
of looking at the world in such a way
as to brinir out the good and throw the
evil Into the background. He thinks It
partly a matter of temperament, but
largely one of will, whether we are opti
mists or pessimists. To substantiate his
opinions he clte3 from the best authors
and gives an inspiring, helpful word for
men discouraged, for all men.
"The Problem of Duty" is a study of the
philosophy of conduct by the Rev.
Charles F. Dole. In this essay the author
presents a fascinating investigation of the
motions and processes of the human mind,
a revelation of the secret springs of our
motives. (The volumes are each bound in
ornamental white binding. Price 35 cents.)
America's Economic Supremacy.
THB SUNDAY CALL.
CHARLES KEELER
The two chief serials In Harper's Maga
zine for 1901 will be by Gilbert Parker and
Mary E. Wilkins. Mr. Parker's story,
which will begin in the January number.
Is entitled. "The Rlsht of 5Vay." 1t9
In "The Hosts of the Lord" Mrs. Flora
Annie Steel Is said— by those who have
seen advance sheets of the book— to have
written a novel which is even a finer piece
of work than "On the Face of the
Waters." Her reputation is practically
based on this latter book. "The Hosts of
the Lord" is a difficult book to describe.
The Macmillan Company speak of It in
their autumn list as a novel of romance
and tragedy, history and comedy. Its
scene is India and the protagonists Eng
lish and Hindoos. -;-~
Mrs. Marcus A. Fuller, the author of
"Wrongs of Indian Womanhood." which
has just been published by Fleming H.
Revell Company, died in India soon after
correcting the proofs of her book. Her
death was due to her exposures In work
in India's famine-stricken districts. She
was an Indiana woman and her heart
poured itself out in deepest sympatny
with the unfortunate women of India.
Her book Is an almost tragic appeal to
the world to suppress the terrible evite
she describes. .:-< ? >
The October number of Current His
tory Is replete, as usual, with the most
of what is best to know concerning the
progress of the world during the pa.-t
month, appropriately illustrated with six
maps and thirty-six portraits and views.
As a faithful summary of the history of
to-day, systematically followed up from
month to month, this magazine appeals to
the reading public as one of special anil
permanent usefulness.
Francis P. Harper. New York, is the
publisher of a timely and interesting work
on Nell Gwyn. It is called "The Story of
Nell Gwyn," by Peter Cunningham, with
the sayings of Charles II.' Henry B.
Wheatley, K. S. A., has added numerous
notes, a life and, an Introduction. Rare
portraits of Nell Gwyn, printed on Japan
paper, illustrate the work. The volume is
bound In ornamental cloth and is a com
plete history of the life and times of this
curious and celebrated actress.
Sidney" Whitman, author of "Austria.**
ir. Putnam's "Stories of the Nations" ser
ies, has recently been honored by the Em
p*ror of Austria, who has conferred upon
him the grand gold medal for Arts and
Sciences, in recognition of 'the value of
his contribution to Austrian historical lit
erature.
Perhaps the most timely article In Mc-
Clure's Magazine for November is "A
"Woman's Diary of the Siege of Peking."
by Mrs. E. K. Lowry, one of the besieged
missionaries in the legations last sum
mer.
A good Idea of the various strange
scenes to be found in the city of Bombay
is given in "A Little American Girl in
India," by Harriet A. Cheever. Little.
Brown & Co. publish the story.
Literary Notes.
SELECTIONS FROM THE IDYLS OF THQ
KING— By Alfred Tennyson. Edited by Mary
F. Wlllard. American Book Company. New
Tork. 20 cents.
DAMES AND DAUGHTERS OF COLONIAt* :
DAYS— By Geraldine Brook3. Thomas yX,
Crowell k Co.. New Tork. $1 10. ' "^
HELPS FOR AMBITIOUS GIRLS— By Wli,
liam Drysdale. Thomas T. Crowell & Ox, New
Tork. |1 50. '
ELEMENTS OF LATIN-By William R.
Harper. Ph.D., D.D.. LL.D.. aru! Isaac R.
Burgess. A.M. American Book Company. New
Tork. II-
ira
4
BOOK REVIEWS
AND LITERARY CHATFirem^Urcise *c In a Wff
. Many .adventurous sailors have crossed
¦th«?" Atlantic- from this count to Eng
land in sinall; boat?, taut never until now
•has these be?n a! man daring enough to
* tart frora the other side and try to reach
America In. a cklff. A Norwegian )s try
.inr this; Journey.: Captain Johansen' has
s-£ii3fd frbjn Gibraltar in a thirty-foot boat
•with the' intention of making the coast of
Florida. He is a naturrMzed British sub
ject and his boat file? the Union Jack. He
did hot try the northern passage. It will
be .observed, but intends to keen well to
th.e -south \>f the track of the fall cyclones.
.The name of >jis boat is the j^otta, and
rhe Is .provisioned for fifteen days. She
has outside ballast and was built under
the captain's supervision at Yokohama.
H* brought her to England and then took
her down to Gibraltar, where he has
taken b!s "point of departure" for the
new world. :The Lotta Is eloop-rigged.
with forestaysail and Jib and a gaff top
sail. Captain Johansen has along with
him a spinnaker which he intends to use
when he gets into the trade winds', which
he expects to strike between Madeira and
the Carary Islands. His first port on this
side, if everything goes well, will be some
port in the West Indies, and from there
he will strike up along through the Ba
hamas and so arrive on the Florida coast
With the captain is sallin.; his little son.
12 years old.
Small spiders play havoc with the tele
graph wires In the Argentine Republic.
The long cobwebs settle on the wires and
as soon as dew or rain falls they are ren
dered to some extent a conductor and tha
effect is practically to stop the operation
of some of the lines. The government has
determined to connect Buenos Ayres and
Rosario by an underground cat e 150 miles
long to obviate this difficulty.
THE -home life of PreslOr.t and Mrs.
McKinley is the strongest argument
I know against the theory that mar
: '.. riage is a failure." says Mrs. Morse.
Mrs. George Morse of San Francisco, that
If,-. she Who was a McKinley herself, di
rect heir to th-i same Scotch-Irish quali
ties that have combined to make her
uncle what he is. Her own small daugh
ter. Miss Marjorle McKinley Morte, has
been a griest cf the White Hou?e for
many mosths at a time, and she nas
formed conclusions herself in regard to
domestic -life. She. in the wisdom of five
proud years, has likewise concluded that
rr.arriape is nr,t a fcilure. "'Cause Uncle
William and Aunt Ida like each other- so
*wf'ly much." Fhe explains.
• It '.was in 1871 that "Untie William"
married "Aunt Ida." That was almost
thirty years a?o, and for the last twerty
four years of' that time M>rs. McKinley
has been intermittently an invalid. Her
broken health has only strengthened her
husband's devotion.
Early in the morning the Pff?sident
breakfasts and busies himself with busi
ness affairs. Mrs. McXinley is served in
her own. room, and after the meal In
walks. th^ President, brisk and refreshing.
Mrs. MfKinley never fails to meet him
In a. charming morning gown. Every lit
tle while : sfce produces a new one. Her
husband idways discovers it the very first
day Instead: of waiting a week.
J!'Tba.t cream color is wonderfully be
comicg to you." he ssid the last. time. He
even know? cream coksr from yellow.
"Are you sure you like It?" she said.
: "My dear, I never saw you look better
iJjanytticc except that gown that you
wore to the Presbyterian Church supper
-the-, year [before we were married."
Then they Joked for a half hour In rem
iniscent vein about that Presbyterian
¦Church rtppef, ' It . seems that she. Miss
8a.xtoi> then, had assisted at the ice cream
tables, an.(J the Mayor had objected to her
working so hard. . - . .
¦¦¦ "I will wait on the. tables." he said, tak
ing? two trays out of her hands.
And of course he -spilled them both, and
the ice cream was pink and it made long
pink stains (Join the front' of Miss Sax-
ton's cream colored gown.
"You were very charming about it, Wil
liam. I- remember admiring you because
you did not - try to -replace the gown as
an American whom I met abroad did on
a like occasion.
"It has never been replaced until now,
my dear. This substitute is a success.
I trust you will send the bill to me, as I
ruined the original.
"As for the wearer — I think you are
looking a trifle younger this morning than
you did at the ice cream festival, but
otherv.-ise I see no difference."
By this time the allotted half-hour was
up and the President retired to his office
for a stretch of* some three hours' hard
work.
The morning work in the White House
seems to move on the better every day
for that short chat in Mrs. McKinley's
room. When she ts not well enough for
it a great solemnity hangs over Presi
dential shoulders and* extends over the
whole household. It reaches past the
Cabinet to the clerks and on to bellboys
and even to stablemen and gardeners. %
The^e times are happily infrequent. For
the most part Mrs. McKinley is able to
supervise her home, to do her own shop
ping and discharge many social duties.
The morning chat is more often given
to Mr. McKinley's affairs than to any
thing else. He gives her a sketch of the
past twenty-four hours in his official
world and she listens eagerly. .
"I always wanted to be able to go cut
and work for you, as some wives have
done for their husbands, but the next
best thing is to encourage you. Isn't It?"
she says. And he always assures her that
no wife ever before did so much to help
on a husband as she does in the depths
of her big armchair.
"I don't want you out stump-speaking
or canvassing," he says. "Here is the
place where you are needed; right here,
near at hand, where I can run to you with
my troubles— as if you hadn't enough of
your, own, when you have just dropped
three ditches."
They were stitches of the knitted shoes.
The knitted shoes have grown unto thou
sands, and they are a good-natured little
Joke with the President, who, however,
when be haa lett for canton on important
business, and hearing of her sudden Ill
ness returned straight to Washington.
Remembering this she guards her own
health like a dragon, knowing how much
it means to his success that there shall
be no anxiety.
The President's work, like a woman's.
ia never dene. The dinner hour does not
end his day's labors by any means. After
a happy dinner together and a little chat.
back he goes to the same old office, thera
to toll among men and papers until 19
o'clock. He is a weary man by that hour,
and it 1st a very comfortable sensation to.
him to know that the only woman in tha
world Is waiting to hear about the day'g
trials — her sympathies ready to be extend
ed. He never demands overmuch of thoso
sympathies, however.
"Has there been all kinds of trouble
some matters to attend to this evening?**
she will say.
And the chances are he will reply:
"Possibly — I really can't quite remem
ber. I never can rcmemb- .- troublesosM
affairs when I am with you."
Then he tells her some good Joke on
Secretary Long or an attractive bit ot
gossip about Hay, Instead of the cares
that he was thinking of when he left hl3
office, and they have a good laugh to
gether.
"I'm tremendously glad that I married
a woman with a sense of humor," he. tells
her. The more women I know the- more
I realize how rare the type is. Theso
laughs that I have with you are keeping
all the flesh that the campaign Is trying
to lose for me."
Perhaps her unusually broad education
has had something to do with developing
her sense of humor. She says that ana
can't see much of life without laughing
at It. Part of her young ladyhood was
spent as cashier In her father's bank. Sha
was a society girl with no need for self
support and her work drew forth much
comment at the time; but she has always
Like every one else who is much "In
the papers," Mrs. Langtry receives a
large bunch of begging letters by almost
every mail. Some of them are unique In
their requests. There are many appeals
for cast-off clothing. A young girl writes
to her:"You have so many dresses and I,
a poor clergyman's daughter, have only
a tweed coat and a mauve muslin. I am
Invited to a dance nest, week and have
no dress to go In." Another woman asks
for $50 to help buy a sewing machine as
a birthday present for her niece. A man
begs that the actress will adopt a pony
of his which he cannot afford to keep and
will not sell for fear of 111 treatment.
A youth 18 years old writes that he has
the chance of a "Job," but as he is con
fined to , the house . throug-h having no
clothes cannot go out to "see after" It.
Will she send him a gray suit? "A Con
irmed Invalid" proposes that bo - shall
paper- his bedroom with her photographs
—she providing the material. A man who
may end hl3 day3 in jail suggests that.
as she travels and lives so much in hotels,
having • therefore special facilities for se
curing empty": Worcestershire Sauce bot
tles, she should join with him in a schema
for selling some fearsome preparation of
his own under borrowed -labels. Two ge
niuses write to her for capital, one to
start a newspaper on "entirely new and
original lines," the other to bring out a
patent for a submarine boat. The latter
correspondent states that he has also
solved the problem of aerial navigation.
¦ • ¦
As seen from the moon the earth would
appear four times greater In diameter
and thirteen times wider In surface than
the moon does to us. The Illumination
of the earth Is fourteen times greatsr on
the moon than that -ot the moon, on tho
earth.
During this busy season she Is obliged
to depend more than usual upon tea-table
amusement, for there Is very little tlmo
to be spared by a husband In Mr. McKin
ley's position. She does not permit herself
to make demands upon hl3 time; she
knows that he would respond to those de
mands even though he had to remain at
his desk twenty-four hours at a stretch
to make up for it. She recalls the time
claimed that her business training in the
tank was the most valuable course In her
whole education. Plenty of time apent la
Europe later on gave her new points of
view, and her husband's career has broad
ened her still further.
"She 13 an all-round companion," la
what her husband says of her.
The McKlnleya, remember, do not con
sider marriage a failure.
Some Vepy Urfaus Basins u&ten
Seme of the afternoons are passed with
her friends. She likes a tea-table chat as
well as women who know nothing of the
big affairs of state.
Mr. and Mrs." McKlnley lunch together.
All the morning's doings are talked over
and the afternoon's plans discussed.
Sometimes the President has the happy
news that he will have a little spare time,
and he deferentially asks if he may have
the pleasure of her company for a drive.
Once In a while he proposes an evening at
the theater and that is always delightful,
for she is very fond of the theater. She
likes comedy best: "There Is enough
trouble In the world without seeing aad
plays and reading sad books," she says.
During the President's busy forenoon
hours his wife drives out on shopping ex
cursions or visits with the little folks who
are often gathered In the big house, or
reads and knits if the weather is too bad
for driving and if there be a dearth of
little folks.
There Is never a dull forenoon ¦when
Marjorle Morse is there. She can tell her
Aunt Ida stories by the yard— stories that
would make anybody's hair stand on er.d.
Even the "President listens at times to
goblin anecdotes that maka his blood
curdle.
Marjorle likes to bring all her family
of dolls into Mrs. McKinley's room, and
Mrs. McKlnley likes it, too. There were
two little daughters of her own once —
Kate and Ida. They were only babies
when they died. It was the shock of their
loss and that of her mother that broke
her health permanently.
Is quite as proud of them as their knitter.
They are still being turned out as rapidly
as during the first year of the administra
tion,' when they became famous. Mrs.
McKlnley says that she can "knit off"
any anxiety upon them, and it is as prof
itable a way of getting rid of worries as
anybody has jet found. Hospitals all over
the country are still luxuriating in the
White House knitted shoes, and new ones
keep arriving.
THE SUNDAY CALL.
5
PRESIDENT
McKINLEY
AT
HOME"You are kindness itself, Bridget dear;
but you had much better let me have a
latchkey," Zella Brunnen replied.
"And fret me soul out listening for ya,,
and dr'amin' the very life out o' me?"
"You let Mr. Glencoe have a latchkey:"
"Who the divvle cares what becomes of
ould Glencoe?"
"Mrs. Ferguson has a latchkey, and
she's a decent body."
"Dacent enough; pays her rint to the
day; but I'm contint to lave her in the
hands of the holy mother, who, heaven,
save me, she's en such familiar terms wid,
ye'd think they were first cousins! No. no,
my colleen, it's myself that loves ye too
well to have ye comin' home wid the fire
out and no supper. To the divvle wid
latchkeys; I'll be yer latchkey, me dar
llnt."
'¦• "God bless you. Bridget O'Hagan. You
have been a mother- to me since the first
day I set foot in your house. It's only out
of consideration for you that I have asked
for a latchkey, but never again, dear; and
I wouldn't have kept you up to-night, but
I wanted a day off at the gymnasium."
'She had flung aside her cloak and bon
net, revealing a young woman of some
two and twenty . summers, of more than
medium height, and, as we have already
understood, more than passing fair. Her
light brown hair was pinned up in a knot
at the back of her head. She had large,
grayish-blue eyes, with dark sweeping
lashes, and eyebrows that marked a low,
well-knit forehead. A genial mouth, but
wfth firm, clean-cut lines; a' mouth that
could laugh and cry, and could threaten,
too,- and command, if need be. It was a
face not easily forgotten, not beautiful
from the sentimental painter's point of
view; but the face of an ideal Maid of
Saragossa or Grace Darling — the face a
novelist might choose for the heroine of
a romance of feminine nobility and ad
venture. ¦'.-..
"A; chicken stew, wid oysters! I wint
to the market for that same meself, and
I says to Mary O'Neil, says I, 'Now, cook
It as If it was for an Oirlsh queen,' I says.
And it's hard I've found it," to keep from
makln' free wid it meself: the stame of It
might have timDted a saint!"
"My dear soul!" said Zella, getting up
&nd pushing a, plate toward her. "And
"A stinging blow full on the face sent him reeling
to a rattling fall."
should make a r.oto of two people .that
saw two faces for the first time to-night
that they'll never forget: two faces tnat
may intluence their whole lives from this
time forth."
"You are a man of imagination," said
Glover."
"Well. I guess that's the first quality
for a journalist. It comes in now and
then in the work of a detective; though
the keener you are on bare facts the more
successful. >r
Joe Williams had a habit of lifting his
glass and looking into It before.he drank
and every now and then examining his
cigar, as if he were on his guard.
"The liquors all right," he said, as
Glover seemed to be watching him.
"You get odd ways In my business. I was
once poisoned by a professed pal over a
bottle of rye. But that's noailng; wo
were talking about faces; did you ever see
an uglier customer than Abner Dlgges?"
"Well, yes, 1 think I have. Bill Sykes
has his successors in London, even to
day. I3ut, by the Lord! I never saw half
so lovely a face as that of the extraordi
nary young woman who smote him.
What eyes, what a mouth, what a
voice!" • ,
"What bleeps!" Interposed the detec
tive, with a laugh. "You've had that
woman's face in your mind ever since;
never left you for a moment?"
"You are right, sir; and I shall be a
miserable devil until I see It again. 'I can
protect myself,' she said, as, if she were
a queen, with an army at her back. In
stead of being alone and unprotected in
the streets when Chicago la not safe even
for a man. Who Is she?"
"Ah, there you have me! There's a
circus newly come? A female trapezlst
must have good muscle. She felled the
brute as a butcher might fell a bullock
with a pole-ax."
"She is no trapeiist: she is a ledy."
i "There is only one other idea that
strikes me. Among its varied and high
toned institutions Chicago has a women's
athletic club -with a gymnasium, where
every kind of physical exercise Is taught
and practiced; but I guesa it. would be
hardly likely that one of them would be
parading the /streets after midnight."
"She was not parading the streets," said
Glover; "she was evidently hurrying home
after a mission of mercy, or engaged in
poing to the help of some sick friend or
dependent." ¦ - -
"You're hard hit. my friend: it's won
derful how a pair of eyes canvkill a man
at sight. Well, I'll own up, they were
Just magnificent. Only got tho briefest
Vllmness of the eye; but I've kep* my
"heart sound, and a continted mind is tho
harvest of honest work. It's dlfferent'wld
you In these days; we got our exercise
footln' It wid the boys, and up wid the
¦lark mllkln*. and what not: nlvver idle:
but as for radein' and wrltln", why, we
left that to the prastes. Sixty years ago,
my dear; sixty years since I come to this
country! But sit ye down by the stove,
my darllnt. and rest five minutes after
your supper, and talk quiet and lovlnV*
The old woman drew Zella to a chair,
and. encircling her as far as she could
with her short, fat arm, she said: "Now.
my colleen, what have ye got to tell me?"
"O, nothing Important, Biddy," said
Zella. her eyes upon the glowing bars of
the stove.
"I b'lave ye have, though. There was
a twitch of yer mouth when ye coma In
and kissed me, as if it was more-'n usually
pleasant to be wid the ould woman once
more, after the fathagues av the day."
"I told you I was takintr lessons of Pro
fessor Octavius Smith, the new man at
the club." .
"Another new man! Sometimes I won
der if it's quite dacent to have men tachln"
ye, and ye in them breeches, very loiko
the boys used to wear at Donnybrook fair,
wid their long-tail jackets, and "
"Not breeches, dear; and If they were,
what's the harm? You would not have us
trying to fence and box in pettiepats?"
"Divvle a bit I'd have ye fence or box
at all. at all!"
"There have been ructions in the club
about the boxing class. Many of the mem
bers think it out of keeping with the
echeme of the school, not to say brutal*
but. with light gloves and a neat dress i
assure you it is quite pretty." *
"Is that so? Well, ye must let me come
and see ye at It."
"Come to-morrow: There will be an
exhibition during the prize competitions
If you had only seen the use I was able
to make of the Englishman's lessons thi3
night j;pu would approve of him, Bridget
with all your heart," and even go so far
as to put up a petition for his ultimate
salvation when next you are praying for
the world in general." •-**•,
"Ah, ah! my flower of the prairie if*
miself that knew right well ye had lomV
thin' to tell me. But I love to have ve
bate about the bush; it'a loike the mavta
goes fluttering around before he begins
to sing. Now why should I prayfor
that murtherin' Saxon's salvation? Win
Pshould "' mC n ° W> 8tral Shtaway. why
"Y^ well, Biddy." replied Zella "It
was in this way, you see. I vraa f»iir>»
just a little worried at being ?ut .? lafe*
for the street seined deserted, and" aom£
h ?. w Vii h J w u lnd was chill and uncanny,
what little there was, and my shadow was
dancing about like a black ghost? when
all of a sudden a great hulking brute came
at me-- fefaJ^Bf
O'Hagaa.° rd aVe US '*" cxclaImed Mistress
face; pnd when I get out of this you can
order your coffin: 1 '
"Which threat shall be addod to the
charge sheet." said the superintendent,
"though 1 don't think Mr. Glover need
fear your threats any more than your
courage; you are a bully and a brute.
Now get!"
The next moment Abner Digges waa
literally lifted into the nearest vacant cell
and the bolts drawn upon him, to the
blatant music of his execrations. Never
theless, he was a much more dangerous
character than the superintendent was
willing to believe of a creature who. being
rebuffed by a woman, could draw a knife
upon her.
"Come and have a drink," said the de
tective, buttoning his ' heavy overcoat,
when they were once more in the street;
"you look cold."
"I feel cold," said Glover. N
"There's a 'special bottle' for old friends
at the Grand Pacific."
"I am staying there," said Glover.
"Lucky man! Then you know the 'spe
clal bottle.' ".
"I don't drink," said Glover, shivering.
"Sometimes I call that special brand a
naedlcine. You must let me prescribe for
you. You shall have snow in an hour or
two. Don't you foel it In your bones?
They say spring comes In severely In Eng
land. I reckon we can match it."
"Spring is lovely in England," Bald
Glover. • »
"Just wait till you have seen ours. Been
staying long at the Grand Pacific?"
"Two weeks. I am advised to take a
room in a boarding house. Perhaps you
can tell me of one?"
"There are so many. I should prefer
the Grand Pacific." >
"Beyond -my means, I fear," said
Glover. •
It was by this time nearly 4 o'clock.
The night cleaners were washing the mar
ble floor at • the Grand Pacific. Others
were busy polishing the white counters
and the chairs that were arranged along
the spacious hall. At the desk the night
clerk was smoking a cigar and talking to
a belated visitor.
"Drop of the right sort," said the de
tective. *
"Why. certainly. Mister Joe." said the
clerk, bringing from beneath the countei
a -black bottle and pushing toward him a
couple of small tumblers.
Ned Glover was a nturdlly built fellow,
of medium height, square head, • square
shoulders, square chin, Blue eyes, a
mouth that did not close firmly and a
light mustache that partially hid Its
weakness. His manner was that of a
frank, genial, middle class Englishman.
He watched the night clerk hand over
the bottle of old rye whisky In a half
frightened, fascinated- way, then made as
if to reject It. ,
"It's all right; don't you be afraid.
They know me at the Grand Pacific," said
the detective.
".Vermouth la about the lightest stuff
sudden wa? his appearance, though he
had only within a few minutes emerged
from the adjacent pre?s club.
"Thank you; I can protect myself." she
f=aid,' turnjng toward him a handsome
face with flashing eyes, that seemed to
reflect a jrlint of the electric light.
As the newcomer advanced to her as
ristance the bully, whose drunkenness
was partially assumed, drew from his
breast pocket not a pistol but a knife.
Before her friendly ally or the plain
clothes officer, now on the spot, had real
ised what the ruffian had done, Zella had
caught sight of the flashing steel. The
knife, as we have to learn later, was the
man's favorite weapon. It was a "bowie"
nnd had seen much real service on the
frontier. Xo ruffian who prefers a knife
to a revolver under certain given circum
stances flourishes It— as you see assassins
on the stage or In the pictures of murder
ous affrays — above his head, stabbing
downward, but delivers his deadly thrust
upward; and this was a fact not unknown
to Zella.
"Back! back for your life!" she ex
claimed, thrusting the stranger aside, and
at the same time catching the murderous
arm by the wrist with her left hand and
striking the would-be assassin a stinging
blow full on the face, backed by the
weight of her whole body, that sent him
reeling to a rattling fall.
"Well hit," said the officer, coming for
ward.
Several other men now appeared upon
the scene from the passageway that had
prlven their fellow bully to the street. And
Zella and her intercepted shadow disap
peared.
"Served you darn'd well right, you ugly
brute," said the officer.
"What's he done?" asked the man; while
the others simply stood around and said
nothing.
"Insuljed a woman going home after a
hard day's work— but that is something
you wen't understand. Now, then, clear
cut!"
He drew a revolver and with the butt
end struck three quick blows upon the
pa\-ement. which almost In an Instant
were answered as if the signal had called
forth an echo.
"Get up." said the officer to the beaten
bully, pushing him with his foot. "Haul
him to his feet."
The last command was addressed to a
couple of policemen In uniform, who had
responded to his summons.
"Tha'sh all rlRh*. pard," said the man
staggering In the clutches of the police
men. "What in thunder'sh the matter?"
"Now. then, straighten up."
The man straightened up.
"Where's his knife?"
The third person who had come to the
relief of the woman picked it up.
"A nice weapon to draw upon a
woman!"
"Only meant ter frighten her," eald the
prisoner.
"And it didn't frighten her worth a
cent." cald the officer.
By this time a patrol wagon had arrived
on the scene.
Copyright, 1900, by Joseph Hatton.
CHAPTER- 1.
A MIDNIGHT ADVENTURE.
rr T was late for a woman to be out alone.
I" even In one of the principal Btreets of
]^ Chicajro. Zella Brur.nen evidently feiv
.• the impropriety and the danger of her
situation. She pulled her cloak closely'
Around her and hurried along at » rapid
pace.
There was a graceful, yet strong, firm
swing in her gait that would have attract
ed; attention anywhere and at Rny tim<".
Of a sturdy build, she was, nevertheless,
llrnber as a willow. She came of Gorman
parents. If in this connection we except
her mother, who was Knglish; and we do
except her, by the force of Colonel Drun-
Zien'e supreme egotism. He counted her
out of the j>artn«TPhip altogether. Zeiia
•was his daughter; the daughter of his
American fatherland. He was a* proud of
his new birthright as if he had l~een a di
rect descendant of the very first Pilgrim
that carried his courage and his dogma
tism to the shores cf Cape Cod. An over
bearing Teuton, with pluck enough for a*
regiment end the ability to know how to
Use it. C'olonrl Crur.nen had been reckoned
one of I'nde Sams smartest officers. His
wife wa* a meek little English woman,
and may be said to have died early of her
very meekness.
Zella was motherless at 5 years of age,
and lost her father, while he was lighting
the enemies of his adopted country on the
Indian frontier, when fhe was 12.
During those wild days cf her childhood
the had lived mostly with her father, in
tents ar.d forts. He would never part with
her for an hour, except when he went out
to fight. One day he went out ar.d never
returned; he, and as brave a company of
American soldiers as ever earned their
¦swords to victory or left their bodies to
the Indian scalpers and the wild birds of
the eir.
After her father's death she had gone
to live with an aunt in one of the pretty
new houses along me Lake Shore at Chi
cago. But she scandalized the society in
¦vvnich Brunnen was ii leader by an
tics moitj in Keeping with the backwoods,
they said, than a civilized community,
fcihe had ridden bareback and astride; t-he
had been warned by the police against
scorching on ix bicycle; the had dressed
herself up a.- s5ama Claus at Christmas
and Irigntened n».-r aunt into hysterics;
sne could whistle like a bird and swim
like a tish; and was altogether an im
possible creature.
Such was the general verdict of Aunt
Margaret anu her prim. God-fearing cir
cle. Dying when Ze-la was 15, the poor
old lady Wi her Ul me tender mercies
of the U'orUl ai larj?*:-. tmder mercies
being modiaed by aa annuity of $jv<j ana
a small Government pension, the lauer
in acknowledgment ot her lather's gal
lant «ervices 10 tne State.
Under it... wnuence oi the executors
of lier aunt she was induced to enter an
Anglican convent school, where the gen
tle treatment of the lady superior did
much t<j :s..fton wiiat sccnKd to be the
asperities at a wilu u:id obstinate nature.
i?he bad Qls "t liuriiiiiiy and lits of re-
Vflt. For a sinie she S<t\c- herself up tu
study tvith remaritaole diligence. Then
ebe woui'j pine tor unrefctralned' recreation
In tho <!>*-;; ii:r. 0>::vo s!k- r;»n away an-1
was found after days .of anxiety in a
Btrange lodging tniu a boatman and his
wife ;:t a little lake port. With sympa
thetic- rare and consideration for ht-r early
brir.fiiii^r uj>. or «irajj?ri!-.t; up. as her
auni'f friends had called it, sh<; was
brought Into a reason&oie Crania of imnJ
and became one of the most accomplished
resident ;>ui>ilt: of ttu_- convent school.
<)::>' da*" ;n Cbic&go she met "ihe only
deca v.t «uman," u« sh«.- Informed the lady
superior, whom roe nail known during
her ;:u!ii'^ lifetime. This was one Bridget
and with whom in futur<- ehe Intended to
li\f. With her liltie im<ime and her fdu
cation fhf hoped to get along. Resolute
i:> th:? decision, the hud h^r way. ana"
at one-and-twenty was a clever, robust;
resourceful 'and remarkable young tvo
nan, h- r own mi>tn ss, and a person of
fi;nf- 2:<jte in vaiious directions, with
Mistress Bridget o'Jiagan us her devoted
slave.
<_*n th:* night, when we make Ze!!a
Bruanen'a aotiuain;ance sh? had been *-n
ea^eii :n BrcrelaiiaJ Uutios, voluntarily
Staying lale U» type certain Ie:;<-rs ar.'l
manuscripts that would give lior a free
<3ay oil the morrow for u. t-pc-cial purpose
in which her ambition was ke^T.ly en
earje'l. Kor several months Fhe had
been acting in i!» capacity «>f shorthand
clerk ar.'i typewriter to Mr.. Hiram Dex
ter, a famous tir.ancior an.i mining specu
lator. U« wap a w-il j^ct-up. eood looking
fellow. Although clotr- upon &), he avow
ed he Celt :>i. i-k- had ruvcr -married, but
often told Zel!;; be wished h«> was her
father. In nix manifestation of liking for
her he had pgver gone further than this.
and if be haa he wouid have had to seek
a s fresh typist.
¦ Ze]!a v/::s one r,f those younsr women
•who are companionable to men. who seem
to be able to ignore the lucstion of sex;
yet she v/as womanly enough, and re
io:< rd la a Qnely developed figure and a
merry eye. na^ ready with her tongue. r#r
coul<1 7k- .¦:;= t-':!' jit as an oyster. Mr. Mi
ram Dexter had r.cvtr come to understand
her. so he nt vt-r taid any more in the ii
reetion of a closer Friendship than thai he
regretted she was not his daughter.
In the first days of Bella's business .^n-
B2f<rn"!it Mistress O'Hagan had insisted
Tipott accompanying her to the Palmer
House. wher<- Mr. D<xtcr. during his visit
to -Chicago, had his rooms and office, and
would fetch her hom«* in the afternoon.
Tfci- arrangement, however, f«-ll through
Ytry soon, and Zella Iirur.nen was a free
r.pent without surveillance of any kind,
t kc-ept t^at of her own level head and not
too susceptible heart.
• Her holiday for the rcorrow, which had
Induced her to linish certain work without
ilr. Dexter"* knowledge, for he hated to
iiaye her <lo too much, was thf» prize meet
ing of the athletic club, of which she waa
a prominent and popular member. Sho
oxcoikd in nearly every brar.ch of athleti
cism, though one may remark that s:ie
•¦was pariicularly expert with the foils, and
had amused and delighted the club with
her etiil in the "noble art of self-defense,"
as it is represented in the modern prize
rir.g. In her club dress she was said to
• make an Ideal youth; yet awheel, along
ijie lake shore and in the park rides, she
was scrupulous In wearing the most mod
it-st of Eklrte. A curious combination of
femininity and masculine adroitness ul
¦masculine exercises, if marriage might
¦ever be her destiny, Zella would seem to
be- a woman only to be won by some mas
terful, yet tender, wooer.
On this night of Zella Brunnen's adven
ture, which was to influence her whole
life in a remarkable way, lnconsequentia!
jag it might .seem at the moment: on this
never-to-be-forgotten night in her strange
history, the last snap ot inspiring winter,
shivering across Lake Michigan, had
piaebcti the Chicago nose, and </nce more
(encircle d the stoves of country groceries
in -shabby neighborhoods with many and
various cold fort. At the same time, with
true democratic impartiality, it had bur
fished every star in heaven ana every
tlectris lamp on the earth below. The at
mo^ph^-re was luminous. You could see
the endings of every thoroughfare. Whei-
Wr, you had tuJhcient command of the
6-cene to take in the sky line of the vast
buildings that towered to the firmament,
you were .struck with its strange lncosi
gru'.ty • • • It was a city in the air.
Kith- here and there a lamp in some lofty
¦window ih:it mocked the nearest stace.
."The pavement uncer the illumination of
.the'-vlectric lights, were as white as the
snow ihat, threatened them, and every
ehadew Was the blacker by contrast. Al
rtaoat the only moving shadow in the
street ''belonged to Zella Brunnen. Dancing
tkefore.and behind ner on the shimmering
jiav-tment. according as she passed
Through the varied lights, it might ha. r «j
Irfcn tier protector, her guardian angel.
¦so clotseiy aid it attend upon her. Not
it hat its antics were angelic. On the con
-tirary.;..It : would now ana then assume the
proportion* of a plant with ungainly arms,
CO:4frfaole into a hnmpish deformity with
l.cfrs of impish brevity. When it was not
dashing on before her, she appeared to be
looking for it. She v.as of a fanciful dis
position,'- and might, perhaps, have iuti
denly remembered the man In the fable,
who was born without a shadow, and felt
a parsing sense of pity for him.
Zella Brunnen was not lonely, if
thoughts may count for company. Her
brain was as active as her body, and both
were healthy. She had lived in an atmos
phere of clanger and adventure; but it
was a new and strange thing for her to
ZELLA BRUNNEN AT HOME.
"Shure and ye know I'd be waitin' up
for ye. if ye never come at all. at all."
said Mrs. Bridget O'Hagan of the Park-
CHAPTER III.
Thus, as if by the merest accident, did
Kate ilnk top-ether the destinies of that
little croup of passengers on life's hlgh
wav. pausing for a moment before the re
buff of a mere commonplace ruffian.
"Or a female acrobat," interposed 'Wil
lifim*. "Don't let's be too sentimental."
"Between me and the bottle I saw her
a minute ago. as plainly as I saw her
or rather, as dimly as I saw her in the
street.- A curious adventure, eh?"
"You are feeling better already. I never
knew that little dose of mine to fall."
"I'm all right, thank you. my friend;
and I do thank vou with all my heart.
. . . Do you think there's a Turkish bath
open at this hour in Chicago?"
"Corr.p on; let me pilot y».u. Don't mind
if I have a turn myself; though I prefer
the Russian: it's quicker: the plunge be
tween the snflls of heat is like a cool
breeze off the lake when tho thermom
eter's g,-; decrees In the shade."
"I've been there myse'f." he said, as
Glover took the draft. "I had not tasted
a drop since I left London, but to-night
it seemed natural that I should have a
drink. I thijik I would have gone on and
emptied the bottle if that woman's face
hadn't seemed to come between It and
me. . . . She saved mv life just now.
. . . That villain's knife was Intended
for me. . . . What lovely eyes she had
. . . "What is she? Diana?"
"You are accustomed to come into pos
session of secrets, and you can keep 'em?"
"I should smile." said the detective.
"I lost my berth in London for getting
drunk and neglecting a matter of the
greatest importance."
"Don't say so?" remarked the detective,
sympathetically. "Feel bad?"
"No; as you people say, I feel good; but
another glass and I am ruined. Take it
away, will you?"
The Englishman leaned back in his chair
?.nd covered his eyes with his hands.
The detective rose and returned the bot
tle to the barkeeper, and asked for a
siphon of carbonic. He poured Glover a
full glass, dropped into It a small meas
ure of lifiuM from a phial of his own and
bade him drink It.
glimpse of them; seemed as If they re
flected the electric light." .
"Look here, my friend, let me go now,
will you?" said Glover. "You are my
friend, eh?"
"I hope so."
be out in the Chicago streets after mid
night, without a friendly escort. There Is
not much protection in the escort of your
shadow. It is companionable in a sense,
as a winter's fire is, especially when the
crackle of the winter's fire Is accom-
Cfliiled by the music of a cricket on the
earth.
A police officer In plain clothes standing
within the doorway of a great dry goods
store watched the woman curiously as she
sped along. "The grace of a sylph," he
s-aid to himself, "and the stride of an
athlete." He had been a newspaper man
before he entered the detective force of
Chicago, and had won his journalistic
laurels as a descriptive reporter and the
¦olver of one of the most mysterious cases
of criminal enterprise In the annals of
thr Prairie City.
Presently Zeila's nimble shadow had a
rival that leaped suddenly into the road
way, then mounted the side of a tall
building, to come down again In fierce
competition with the figure of the wo
man's graceful escort.
In the midst of this silent demonstra
tion a slouching fellow In a pilot jacket
and jack boots, emerging from a dark
passaevvay. confronted the woman.
"Hello! my beauty! What'sh yer game?
A walktn' ms'Fh?" said a coarse voice
with a hiccough.
Zella stood still, confronting the obsta
cle in her path.
The twii shadows stood still.
Tho officer on the other side of the
street moved up a door or two, without,
however, noticing another shadow that
began to pay tribute to the white pave
ment lower down.
"I said !sh It a walkin' ma'sh?" re
marked the ungainly brute, advancing
upon the woman.
She did not speak, but endeavored to
avoid him. He moved as she moved, and
hitched ur> his trousers, that were tucked
into a pair of heavy boots. He wore a
pilot jacket and a soft hat. He was a
miner, taking a vacation that he would
call "going on a bender."
Zella planted her feet firmly upon the
ground and measured the brute with the
coolness her father was said to assume
under fire. The moment he was within
touch of her she thrust htm from her
with an energy that bewildered him
"Begone, you brute," she said, "and let
me pass."
"Not likely," he replied, staggering to
ward her.
"Xo American insults a woman at any
time, much less alone and unprotected,
and at night. You must be some low
foreigner."
"If he's a foreigner then let a foreigner
protect you!" said the new comer, who
might have sprung up from the earth, so
"Meanter say you ain't goin'ter le 1 me
go home ter my lodgin'?"
"Not to-night," said the officer; "the
streets are dangerous at this hour; you
might get hurt. Come, step In."
"Somebody'll get hurt for this," said the
prisoner, suddenly peering into the face of
the man we at'.U call "the third person,"
"ef I don't quit Chicago for a year fu'6t."
CHAFTER II.
THE GEKMS OF LOVE AND HATE.
Zella's defeated assailant, haled before
the sreneral superintendent of the first di
vision of the police headquarters, gave the
name of Abner Digges. The charge being
entered, he stated that he was living at
the Dawson House; could refer them to
the State Bank. Denver: came to Chicago
to have some fun; net been In what they
called the tents of civilization for more'ii
a year. The scratch of a woman, he al
lowed, was not unknown to him. but a
blow worthy of a blacksmith's hammer
from one of the favored sex, he confessed,
was a new experience. Why he should be
arrested on that account he didn't rightly
understand; but he allowed the game was
thar's, if they liked to call it. He was
willin' to put into the pot any tine the'r
regulations imposed. He had no kind of
feelln apen' the officer in plain clothes:
it was his business to make trouble for
tho court. As for tho other kyote he'd
no call to come between him and the lire
lady with the sledge hammer: ho nnrt him
ud meet apron' over another kind of game,
and then there'd be music.
The superintendent, a bluff official,
looked up from his desk, where he was
making notes on the charge sheet, and an
swered the prisoner to the effect that his
knife was the most important witness
against him: that the police reckoned to
protect citizens lawfully using the street
at any hour: that it was not their busi
ness to consider his excuses. These' he
could make to Judge Keppel in the morn
ing: meanwhile he would go to the cells.
Thereupon Abner Digpes assumed a cyn
ical air, ordered his breakfast, asked If he
could leave his boots out to be blacked,
as he had to do at the Dawson House;
where he was rooming with a city mate;
could ho have a lock of the plain clothes
officer's hair? And so on. his hands thrust
deep into his breeches' pockets; but when
he was being removed he pointed an ugly
finger at the independent witness to em
phasize his threat.
"You say your name's Edmund/ Glover.
I may forget ypur name, but never yor-
a fellow can take— a Vermouth cocktail,
eh? Oh, a- Manhattan? Very little alco
hol In either, eh?" - -
"Don't you care for whisky? Try our
special bottle,' anyhow," said the detec
tive. "Allow me. We drink it straight,
and the water after. You prefer a long
drink? "Why, then, here's water and a
tall glass."
"Thank you,", said Glover, his eyes
sparkling as he lifted the tumbler In com
pany with his newly found friend, who
simply remanded, "Jtiere we go," and emp
tied his small glass of spirit and his glass
of water to follow.
"Good, eh?"
"First rate," said Ned. "Puts new life
into a fellow."
"There's mere wit in a bottle of old rye
than you'll meet with fn the brightest
comedy, and valor enough for a regiment.
AlaKes a new man of a fellow; makes "(J
Of him."
"Yes," said Glover, filling his glass in
a furtive, sly kind of way.
"Old rye, is it? Never tasted old rye
till now."
"Never lived, then, before to-night. By
gosh, what a night it'll be for you!"
"Think so," suiu Ned, laughing and
tilting his chair against the wall, after
the manner of his companion.
"My name's Joe Williams." said the de
loctive. ."I am an American, but my fa
ther was English. Come here when 1
was a kid. You're a new arrival. I know
your editor; you wrote tho Venezuela
screed?"
"Yes," said Glover, sipping his whisky
with a keen relish and handing his cigar
case to the detective. "1 am a press man.
They got tired of me in London. I
thought Chicago would be easier to
please."
"So you come over. Well, and how do
you like it?"
"It's line." he said, with a smile. "No
durned side on It, as my colleagues say,
no frills and perfumes; just lively work,
and the best hand takes the pot."
"You're down to it mighty quick; make
yourself at home at once, like your Lon
don sparrow."
"The journalist takes his chances, and
makes his bed as comfortably as he can
where duty calls, like the soldier."
"Where had you been when you
stopped into State street?"
"I was just prowling around. You
never know what a city's like until you
have seen It by night."
"By morning, you mean. I had a turn
on the Mall before I took a post In the
secret service of the police force: did a
good deal of reporting and descriptive
ct--w.-.-B if i was j n tne business now I
I
"That you were, my dear; and you're
as handsome In your prime as one could
meet between here and the other end of
the world."
"Ah. deary, dear, it's a tug of age I
feel at m;- skirt sometimes, Zella. and a
9
"I was a purty colleen myself at your
age, Zella; wid as wicked an eye and as
light a shtlp as the daintiest In Conne
rnara."
She laughed, showing a set of white,
even teeth; and Mrs. O'Hagan remarked,
"You're Just too lovely, my dear!"
"I hope I'U be as lovely as you, Biddy,
when I'm as old."
"Not too unfeminine, I hope, eh?" she
said. "Just enough to give strength with
out being hurtful to the Grecian symmet
ry of lt.' ?
here am I, 'just a, selfish baste. f &3 you
would say. gobbling it like a hog.
"Get away wid ye! I've had my supper
these two hours, and a drop o the cra
tur' besides. Ate it, ivvery spoonful, or
I'll give up housekapin' and lave >e to
forage for yerself." '¦ ,. «.__,»
Mrs. O'Hagan thereupon laid a. soft hand
upon Zelta's shoulder, and Zella ate her
supper without further protest.
"It's a shame, that it is.for Mr. Dexter
to make ye work so hard.
"Nay, he's kindness itself. I knew that
his letters and reports of the day were
of great importance; that he would *an*
clean transcriptions of them all Dy 4
o'clock to-morrow.. Furthermore. I Knew,
that I wanted to be at the Athletic Club
prize meeting by noon. So when he naa
said 'good evening,' I just slipped back
into his ofllce and set to work.
"It's mighty rich he must be to nave
an office, and rooms besides, at the cal
mer House."
"But he is rich, very rich."
"Then, bedad. he might pay ye mow
than, he does."
"It' was 12 o'clock by the time I was
through; and by good luck he had gone
to Louisville, so I had the office to my
self; and to-morrow I am going to win
the trapeze prize, and perhaps the first
for swimming."
"It's born strong and lucky ye are.
Them ladles, that train agen ye, kape
their limbs exercising and their bodies
restin', while ye are croonin' over a type
machine, narrowin' yer chest and dwarf
ing yer figure! Says I, only yesterday, to
Ould Glencoe, says I. 'How that swate
angel. Zella, can kape in trim fer athletics
and the cycle and sailln' a boat. Is noth
ing short of a miracle; she that has such
intellectual work to do iwery day of her
loife!' says I: and Ould Glencoe nods over
his everlastln* snuffbox, and says he. "It's
pro-doegious!' just as the man says in the
play ye tuck me to see, d'ye mind?"
"Yes, I mind." said Zella. "It's not
womanly to have a muscle, is it, Bridget
dear? Feel mine."
She tucked up the sleeve of her gown
baring a white, shapely arm. and. bend
ing it upward, ' placed Bridget's hand
upon it.
"A marauding giant he looked In tho
light of the street lamp that revealed aa
wicked a face as ever was invented to
alarm an honest man or terrify an unpro
tected woman."
"The Lord have mercy on us!" mur
mured Mistress O'Hagan.
"Clamping up to me in hia great mur
derous Doots, ne tried to lay hands on
arms "
me."
"The Blessed Virgin be good to us!"
prayed Mistress O'Hagan, with arms ex
tended.
"When an ordinary girl or woman
pushes a man aside she does so with her
"God defend the right!" said Bridget
O'Hagan.
"A girl who Is a bit of an athlete knows
better; she thrusta with the force anil
strength of her whole body. I pushed him
into the road."
"Heaven be praised:"
"Then I might have run, but I didn't. I
think It was because I heard somebody
coming. Anyhow, the next minute the
brute was facing me again. I tried to
stop him with words of scorn; they didn't
stop him worth a cent."
"The base and brutal Saxon!" said
Bridget O'Hagan. her hands on her hips,
her eyes ttasning with patriotic Untu
ning.
"No, he was an American. I taunted
him with being a foreigner. Then a fine
young fellow appeared. He must have
dropped from the clouds."
"Tne Lord be praised!" said Bridget,
joyfully. .
" 'If he's a foreigner, then let a for
eigner protect you.' he said. But befor»
the words were out of hia mouth, th*
beast In the jackboots drew a knife. No
body eaw It but me. for now another man
had come up, an officer in plain clothes.
I think. My father once had a tight with,
knives. In the South the bowle waa a
favorite weapon—"
"Yes, yes," said Bridget. "It'a tortured
I am wid anxiety to hear what ya illd
then. He drew a knife, and—?"
Zella did. Indeed, appear to be dwelling
unduly upon details. She \va3 possibly en
joying her dramatization of the scene.
The main Incident, on reflection, tickled
the vanity of th« lady athlete.
"Well, just as he was drawing his hand
back to plunga th© knife upward into
the body of the stranger who had come to
my aid I caught his wrist, and. before
he had recovered from his surprise. I
struck him in the face with my right,
straight from the shoulders, Biddy, fling
ing myself forward aa I hit him, ex
actly as that base and brutal Saxon at th©
club had taught me. and down he went, as
If a cannon ball had hit him all over:"
"St. Peter bash him wid his keys whea
he appears at the gate!" said Bridget.
"Just for a minute, Biddy, dear. 1 felt
like leaning up against the wall and. cry-
Ing. But a crowd was gathering, from
where I don't know, the town seemed so
empty; so I ran, as fast as my legs would
carry me. and never paused until I saw
the • welcome light In your parlor win
dow."
"The Lord be praised for all his good
ness! It's a light shall shine forlvver for
ye, and It flames In my own heart for love
of ye, as ye see It In the sacred pictures. '"
saying which she now insisted upon em
bracing Zella, and they both wept to
gether, as women will when there is noth
ing to weep about.
"And didn't ye have a Bllmp«<e of the
champion who came to yer aid?"
"Never a glimpse. But he had a pleas
ant voice."
"Said he was a foreigner. Bad luck to
hlrn. why -wasn't he a Pad.iy?"
'Terhaps he was; who knows?"
"Sorry a wan! It's no foreigners we
are, but good luck to him and bad cess
to his inimies. and when he <li*>s. the fin
est harp in hivven be his doU-l Uut to
think of ye periling yer swatp loife
makes me hlud run could. Bedad! it's
meself will have to fetch ye home If lvver
ye're late aeraln."
"You shall, dear, for I think T have
never really known 'ear in my life until
this night. The brute's prowl was worso
than the yell of an Indian warwhoop."
"But ye pounded him wid yer muscle,
and ye're safe. Saint Mary he honored!
And I forgive yer base and brutal Saxon
professor the misfortune of hi? birth."
"God bless you. dear old Bridget!" said
Zella. "And now I've told you everythir;;;.
I must ko to b«»d and try and sleep. Don't
let me be awakened. *»ven if I'm not stir
ring as late as II. My practical applica
tion of club lessons has taken It out of
me somewhat. I reckon: I must recoup."
"The saints preserve ye: tlood night, my
love. I'll see ye get yer ?!ape; hut don't
be makln' too much noise on the stair
way, now, coin' to bed. or I'll have ouM
Glencoe askln* me in the mornin* what
port of a house I'm kapin'."
"Very well, dear." s.ai<i Zella, "I'll be as
noiseless as my shadow."
CHAPTER IV.
Twice during the night Zella awoke aa
If at the sound of a distant voice that
said. "Then let a foreigner protect you."
And there were tears In her eyes ¦without
even the inconsequential explanation that
belongs to the topsyturvy life of dream
land.
IN THE BENIGNANT SHADOW OP
HIRAM DEXTER, MILLIONAIRE.
"Thank God, I am all right." said Ned
Glover as he rose the next morning, his
hand steady, his head clear. "Williams'
antidote and the Russian bath saved me.
Strange there are no Russian baths In
London. Far ahead of the Turkish. Eyes
rather red. Must get shaved. I have had
a narrow escape. One more glass and I
should have been a candidate for a sec
ond dismissal."
Ned sat In a high chair and gave himself
over to a deft manipulator. His hair
dressed, his mustache trimmed, he en
tered the breaKiast room looking all ha
could desire, a compact, sturdy English
gentleman. Instead of what he might have
been, a disheveled, unkempt, haggard
wreck, after a deoauch of drink. He was
Jn high spirits, the buoyancy of gratitude
for his escape from a worse fate than tha
blow of a ruffian's knife.
Presently he received from th© hands
of Sir. Storey himself an assignment to
Interview Mr. Hiram Dexter, the million
aire and mine owner.
"About three thousand words." said
the editor-proprietor. "Ring in a sketch
of his early career; get him to talk about
th© days when he kept shop; sample hl3
opinions upon the commercial prospects
of Chicago and finish with an account
of the new mines they are opening in
the Platte Valley. We're had enough of
the Klondike and Alaska. The valley dis
coveries and the new camps are fresh
ground, a welcome revival of American
interests within two or three days of the
western railway tracks."
Glover, his English hat cocked a little
to one side, his gray trousers correctly
creased, his brown overcoat complement
ed In color by his tan gloves, stepped
out into the crisp air.
The sun was making short work with
the early morning's fall of snow. The
pavements were wet with the remains of
it. The lines of the street cars glisten
ed. Here and there a pool flashed in the
roadway like a dropped mirror.
Glover passed through the handsome ro
tunda of the Palmer House, busy with
coming and parting guests, and, guided
by a colored attendant, was shown into
Mr. Hiram Dexter's room on the first
floor.
"Mr. Glover?" said Mr. Dexter, coming
forward from a desk, a gen'al smile on
his face, a heavy cigar in the corner of
his mouth. • •«. ' ¦ .
"Yes. sir." saM Glover.
"Glad to see you. Have a cocktail?" •
"No. thank you."
"Why not? Just the psychological mo
ment to get outside a manhattan; unles*
you prefer a champagne. HI, there
Sam!"
"Yes, pah," responded a colored gen
tleman In a light linen jacket and trou
sers.
"Champagne cocktails. And give Mr.
Glover a cigar."
"Yes. sah." said Sam, handing Glover a
box of cigars.
"Thank you," said Glcver. "If you will
not think me ungracious. I would prefer
not to have the cocktail."
"Would, eh? Well, Sam makes a cock
tail to a marvel; don't you. Sam?"
"I guess I know what you likes." said
the colored gentleman, disappearing, to
reappear presently with two cocktails, the
sparkle and aroma of which* troubled Glo
ver considerably. "^¦-'t
"By which token, you see. Mr* Glr>
ver. if you don't get outside one of theso
sublime ccncoctions". I guess ril have to
liquidate both of them."
"Mr. Storey, as you know, la wishful
that I should interview you." said Glover,
anxious to chance the question.
"O. that's understood! I wish Storey
would let me alone, but he won't. VA
like to have had him put down what he
wanted me to say, and let me run ov«r
THE SUNDAY CALL.
side boarding-house, as she unlocked her
front door and followed her favorite
boarder into her own private parlor, where
a savory concoction In a stewpan was sim
mering on . the stove. "And if I wint to
bod who'd kape ihe fire goin' and the sup-
Ijer hot, and give ye the cheery welcome?"
IN MALE ATTIRE BY JOSEPH BATTON
6"That's how we show our affection for
each other, Mr. Glover. When you get
more used to us you will hear him call
me everything but an honest man; and me
denounce Storey as a mean, bald-faced
cuss! But we are not on sufficiently fam
iliar terms at present."
"He 1 * only trying to take the edge off
your opinion of my opinion of a time
serving old Yank." said Storey.. "But, to
return to our muttons. What's gone
wrong, or going to? ... Is > your story
of th<> Interview in the editor's box yet?"
"The truth is." said Glover; tq be at
once interruoted by Dexter
"See here; 1 was telling Mr. Glover what
a f.ne thing It wa3 for him to be seen
walking friendly and all serene with me.
and how I meant to advise you to send
him to the Platts Valley mines, and how,
furthermore, I would pool him an Interest
in the enterprise, when he, caught sight
of Joe Williams, a mere police officer, and,
off hand, he says, 'Excuse me.' turns his
back and leaves me standing on the side
walk, rs If I'd been trying to borrow a
five-dollar bill from him!"
"I hope he ha? made you dance to the
tune I set before he gave you so bright
a sample of his English politeness," said
the editor of the Mail, now contemplat
ing the two with a genial smile.
VTalk!" Bald Dexter. "I guess I filled
him right up— —"
"On every other subject than that upon
which you more particularly desired in
formation.'.' said Glover, seeing that he
had been more quizzed than censured.
"Got his typewriter along?" said Sto
rey, again winking at Glover. .
"No, sir; not exactly."
"How do you mean, 'not exactly,' you
blooming Britisher?" said Dexter.
"I mean the lady was not there in per
son, but "
"See here. Storey, you are encouraging
this reporter of yours to size me up with
a jibe concerning Miss Brunnen. . . . Now
listen, both of you . . . Storey knows when
I am In earnest. . . . There s a difference
between striking you with a feather and
hitting you with a club. .. . . But, by gosh'
if . either of - you speak lightly of- that
young lady, you make me your enemy.
"I did not say, sir. I hoped Jop Wilhun.s
could tell me. That is why I unintention
ally offended Mr. Dexter."
"Youth will be youth. But I hope you
are not what your people call 'a masher,'
Mr. Glover? • • • If you are, be
ware of falling in love with Miss Brunnen.
• • • • By Jove! I shouldn't wonder
that Dexter meant to warn you. as well
as me. poor Old Honesty! • • • A
very pleasant thing, no doubt, to have a
pretty and accomplished type-writer con
tinually at your elbow. A five-dollar bill
to nothing, he has received more than 1
hint from Miss Brunnen that he is not for
her, nor she for him! * • • But. have
a care. Glover, that you don't come be
tween him and his— daughter!"
"After last night he need have no fear
of me, Mr. Storey."
"See that after last night you don't
make a bigger fool of yourself than my
dear old friend, Hiram Dexter. • * •
Have a care, Mr. Glover. • * • Come
to me when you have got as far as you
think wise with the Dexter interview.
• • * Let It be In two hours, at the
furthest."
"Yes, sir." said Glover, going straight
to one of the small boxes set apart for re
porters and others engaged on the staff of
the Mall, where he 9at down before a pile
of "copy" paper, and finished his cigar.
CHAPTER VII.
BREAKFAST AT MRS. O'HAGAN'S
BOARDING HOUSE.
They called it "the annex." ' It was a
large, lofty room, that had been added to
the long, rambling timbered home, known
as the Parkside boarding house. It was
something more than what is called a
frame house, though there are wooden
cottages still exlBting In Massachusetts
that were brought over from England by
the first settlers. Therefore, It does not
follow that a frame house Is a ram
shackle place. The Parkside boarding
house/moreover, had a brick foundation,
and its surrounding veranda looked out
upon a garden with shade trees and a few
ragged flower beds. It was situated In a
street of curious and detached houses that
had escaped attack from the great fire.
Its sidewalks were wooden, and its road
way unpaved; In spite of which, however,
it was generally clean, having a surface
of sand and gravel. Since the erection of
the annex, Mrs. O'Hagan's establishment
was the most important-looking place in
the district.
The saloon or dining room was paneled
In a light wood that had been varnished.
The panels were decorated .with lith
ographs of Washington, Lincoln and
Dewey: for the American-Spanish war
had only just been concluded. There were
also, la tidy frames, newspaper eucrav-
Boarding-house's bedroom*. "No lad?,
reckon, would be in the streets at tha
hour."
"Oh. I don't know." said Zella. "I was
out quite as late myself that very night."
"Ah! my dear, you're different." said
the bartender's widow.
"Of course she Is," said Mrs. O'Hagan.
"And I happen to know that she was out
on a mission of mercy, an errand of lolfe
and death, the saints be praised!"
She looked across the table with a frown
at Zella. and went on straightway to
change the subject.
"Ye all know that Miss Zella Brunnen
acts as private secretary to ould Mr. Hi
ram Dexter, the millionaire. Did ye see
the interview of him in the Chicago
Mail?"
"I have not seen the paper," said Mr.
Glencce.
"Then don't see It, dear Mr. Glencoe,"
said Zella.
"Why not, me darlint? Ladles and gin
tlemen. It's jest a testimonial to wlmmln,
that should plaze the community at large.
It was to interview Misther Dexter on the
new discoveries of gould the reporter
called upon him: but Misther Dexter could
only talk about the wonderful rise and
progress of wimminklnd and the great
merits of a young lady in his employ. She
happened to be out at the tolme. by which
token he was able to do her honour. He
mintion'd no name, of coorse. but the de
scription of a young lady who could rade
Frinch, was perfect in the English and the
Oirlsh tongues, wrote shorthand, was a
typist, and wan of the most graceful
fencers of the Wimmin's Athletic Club,
and was a very fairy on a bicycle V ,
"Our Zella, of course!" exclaimed
eral boarders at once.
"Of course, of course. God bless her!"
said Mrs. O'Hagan, greatly to Zella's em
barrassment.
"if you plaze, misthress, a glntleman is
In the parlour to see ye; he said he'd wait
yer convanience," announced the waitress.
"Then let him. How do I know if I
want to see him?"
"Oh, go, dear, and see him! We will all
excuse you," said the widow of the retired
bartender.
"But if I go. ye'll none of ye finish yer
breakfasts comfortable."
"Oh. yes we will!" said Mr. Glencoe.
"And Indeed we will," echoed Mrs. Fer
guson.
"You know how our dear hostess dotes
on me," said Zella. embracing in her
glance the whole table. "You must really
make allowance for her. If, in the kind
ness of her heart, she will overrate me
In every possible way, you must forgive
her; and not think me vain enough to
feel seriously the thing3 she' says about
me."
"We just reckon ye up at your own
proper and modest valuation." said Mr.
Glencoe, "and are not ruled by the exag
gerations of Mistress O'Hagan. If her
lips were as reticent as the parritch she
makes, or the chickens her cook achieves
that are just pairfect, she wad be ¦ too
anrelic for this Ills; so let us e'ea be con-
" 'You don't remerober me?' he said, with a courte
ous bow."
what he thought ot her; a man in petti
coats!"
CHAPTER VI.
\
MR. HIRAM DEXTER'S CONCESSION
AND THE MORAL THEREOF.
"Well?"
"Quittlng the Mail?" asked Williams in
response to Ned Glover's hasty "Good
morning."
"What do you mean?"
"Mr. Hiram Dexter is not only the prin
cipal stockholder, but Storey's most Intl
vnate friend."
"Well!" repeated Williams almost with
a sneer. "You left Mr. Dexter standing
on tho sidewalk with as much indifference
as if you were the greatest stockholder
and he a loafer in search of work." l -
"Did I?" said Glover, looking round in
time to catch sight of Mr. Dexter's coat
tails, as his would-be patron disappeared
In the hall-way of the Chicago Daily Mail
building.
"I don't think that Is how he felt. I
begged him to excuse me."
"You shunted him with never as much
as a suggestion of apology in your man
ner; and he stood and watched you across
the street, as amazed as if one of his
safest speculations had suddenly gono
wrong.'.'
"I'm very sorry; I'll amaze him with
apologies presently. Meanwhile, what's
the news? Have you found her?"
"Her! Whom?" replied Williams, with
well-acted surprise.
"Whom?" in his turn, repeated Glover.
"You know whom I mean."
"Oh! The woman who didn't require
your protection? No. I'm gplng to look
up the circus people. There's a new side
show down in Halsted street, with a
strong lady; breaks paving stones with
her fist, and " ,
"Then you don't mean to help me?" said
Glover, interrupting him, in an offended
manner.
"Help you?" replied the detective, rais
ing his eyebrows. "I didn't know you
were broke. I see now. Dexter wouldn't
part, eh?"
"You are not going to make me angry.
Williams." ! - ? -«
"Very well, then." replied the American.
"Just you follow Mr. Dexter, and tell him
what a fool you are. and meet me at the
Grand Palace to-night, and I'll tell you
you reached your homo last night?— or
rather, to be correct. I gues3 we had bet
ter say this morning?"
"Yes, sir. And what then?"
"I was a witness of the insult that was"
offered to you, and of the punishment yot
so skillfully administered to the ruffian
who profanes the name of man."
"Then why did you not save me the risk
and indignity of having to protect my
pelf?" said Zella. seeing that, even if she
had been inclined in prevaricate, the offi
cer had discovered her.
"You were too quick for both of us —
for the loafing thief as well as for mv
self."
"And there was another person on the
spot," she said with a smile; the color
that had paled when Williams declared
himself coming back to her cheeks and
with It her customary self-possession.
"You scorned his protection. • • • •
He thinks you saved his life."
"You are making a romance of a very
trivial matter." she said, pleased at the
time to learn that the stranger considered
himself so deeply indebted to her.
"Your friends are leaving the club,"
paid Williams, as several ladies began to
pause at the exit. "I want you to be
good enough to give me your address;
and, furthermore, to appear against the
prisoner to-morrow."
"I will give you my address, but I will
not appear against the prisoner," said
Zella.
"Don't say you will not; that 13 as the
law may decide."
"No law shall make me appear, Mr.
Wijliams. bo assured of that. Is It not
bad enough that the police cannot keep
the streets free for a woman to pass
along without being molested, and, when
molested, one of their leading officers
looks on and leaves her to fight her own
way against a horde of ruffians?" said
Zella. hotly.
"My dear young lady, that is a most
unkind exaggeration, and you must not
speak to me in that way. Don't say you
will not do what I request; I can compel
you."
Williams was not angry, but he held It
diplomatic to appear fo.
"Very well, Mr. Williams," said the
young lady, altering her tone to one of
sweet appeal. "Dear Mr. Williams, I do
not wish to appear."
"Very well. Miss Brunnen." said the of
ficer after some hesitation and appeal on
the part of the girl; "it shall be as you
wish. W e will send Abner Digges to the
House of Correction without your evi
dence."
"Thank you, Mr. Williams: thank you
very much," said the girl, her eyes rest
ing on his with a grateful expression.
"I am repaid in having won the thanks
of so brave a lady." said Williams. "Good
day. Miss Brunnen."
"One moment, please. Mr. Williams.
How did you find me out? How came you
to know my name?"
"Quite easily, Miss Zella. I knew you
were not a circus girl or the strong lady
of a dime museum; so I concluded that
you must be a leading member of tho
CHAPTER VIII.
tent to gfe her tongue fun play."
"Why, certainly!" remarked tn» bap
tender's widow.
"That is exactly how we all feel. Mr.
Glencoe."
In the midst of this pleasant council of
friends and fellow boarders, the voice of
Mrs. Bridget O'Hagan could be heard, as
she was leaving her private parlor, evi
dently addressing a visitor.
"But bedad. I Insist! Any friend of:
Mlather Amos V. Storey Is welcome at
the bord of Bridget O'Hagan." .
"I can hardly say friend: I am In his
employment." was the reply.
"Which is the more to yer hornier. It's
proud I am to have Misther Storey's rec
ommendation to wan of his famous writ
ers. Come this way. sor. and I'll have
the pleasure of inthroducincr ye to me
friends and borders, and ask ye to sir
down and ate wld us."
"Thank you; have breakfasted." . : '¦"¦
"Thin it's a cup of coffee, perhaps, ye'lt
be takin*. It would be a sin If ye didn't
ate or dhrink wid us."
The boarders looked at each other, and
began to fold their napkins. Zella blushed
and fixed her eyes upon the doorway. to>
drop them In some confusion as the
stranger said. "You are very kind; I hop«
so Informal an introduction will not be
considered an intrusion."
She could never forget that votce. It
was he. The stranger -who had said.
"Then let a foreigner protect you"* ¦ ."• '
ABOUT.
HOW THE MEET1NT, WAS BROUGHT
It was Mr. Amos V. Storey, the editor
proprietor of the Daily Mall, who recom
mended Ned Glover to take a room at the
Parkside boarding-house. Neither h» nor
Ned Glover had any Idea that Miss Brun
nen was domiciled under the roof of Mrs.
Bridget O'Hagan.
Since his coming thither was. therefore.
a mere accident, so far as his discovery
of Zella was concerned, it would seem as
if Fate had a hand in their meeting. Joe
Williams had told him that the lady who
had declined his protection on tho
memorable night in State street was Mr.
Hiram Dexter's typist. This had consider
ably disconcerted him. It had not blurred,
in his imagination, tne face he had seen
in the brignt rays of the electric lamps;
but It haa given an unhappy significance
to the confession of Dexter, and the moral
that was pointed thereon by Storey.
Glover had pleased his editor. There was
a feeling for color in his work. Hi3
pictures were not overladen with pigment,
but they sparkled, they were fresh, they
held the reader, they were the very best
form of Journalese. Glover's was an edu
cated pen; not the pen, however, for seri
ous editorials or argumentative essays,
but a pen that talked famfliarly. a pen
that saw and made the reader see: a pen
that could depict a landscape as sharply
as it could sketch a mob, that could tell
a humorous story as well as it could lay
in the heavy shadows of a tragedy. Storey
was pppreciatlve. and when Glover asked
the cashier for a certain amount of sal
erjr in advance, and the cashier referred
him to Storey, the editor-proprietor, while
not objecting, availed himself of the op
portunity to talk to him in a friendly way
about nis mode of life.
"The truth ia." satd Glover. "I find I am
spending more than I earn. I have not
had time to s< ek a modest lodging and
don't know where to lind one, if I had
leisure to seek it."
"You have worked hard and well," said
Storey, "and. if you have resolved to set
tle in Chicago. I think I can put you In
the way of a boarding house where you
will be fed as princes are supposed to be
fed. and taken care of with motherly ln
lerest."
"Not to heat about the bush, let m« ai
vtse you to go straightway to the Park
side boarding-house. You'll have to cross
the bridge on the way to the water works,
then bear to the right. Mrs. O'Hagan is
an odd creature; called it Parkstde he
cause It's more lake-sldfl than park. But
that's a detail. 5?he thinks she is an Iriah
woman, but she's American: supports her
5d»a of bting Irish by keeping up tho
brogue, and believing that she hate3 ev
erything ard everybody English. It's
quite Iriah to live in America and fight
imaginary battles for a land they've de
serted and r.evcF want to see again. I'm
half Irish myself, and know; but no
warmer hearted, pig-headed, lovable, con
trary. happy-50-lucky people ever existed
to make life romantic and politics the
scramble of a few for the hard-earned
dol'ars of tho many."
"I must interview you. Mr. Storey* on
'Ireland in America.' said Glover, amus
ed at Storey's description of the Irish
character. "It would mako a capital
sketch for the Sunday paper."
"Heaven forbid '¦" says Storey. "I lov©
the besrsars too much to run the risk of
hurting their feelings in the mass, though
it's fun to take them individually an.1
b>>at the Anglo-Saxon drum about their
ears."
"Almost th«» only friend I h^ve In the
world is an Irishman," said Ned. "You
may have heard of him. He haa been oy«»r
here once or twice in connection with
mining and trust companies. He is a law
yer; the firm is Straker, Love- & Lorrl
iner."
"A cute notion to get Love into the firm;
must seem encouraging to wouid-be suit
ors. No. I have never heard of your
friend that I can caM to r:!r.d."
"Lorrimer Is not exactly a young man,
though the junior partner. He woulil
amuse you, who are a student of Irish
character. In business he is one- of tha
shrewdest and most capable of lawyers;
In private life ho is as unsophisticated as
a youngster and as generous as the hero
of a Lever novel; sings Tom Moore's
soiirs with the music of them In his
heart; keeps St. Patricks day, hut has
never been to Ireland since he left it to
be articled to a solicitor in Bedford row,
London. W. C." .
"A certain amount of quicksilver and.
Quixoticism go to the making of Iriah.
wit and character, and we've to thank
God for the Irish emigrant <n America:
we'd be a dull lot without him. though
it's a pity he cant keep his fingers out of
the treasury when we nike him a boss
In politics." But. as Mistress O'Hagan
would r.o doubt tell you. 'there's two
sides to all sides, and if the boss gits
hould av the dollars he distributes thrm
among the hoys, and in that way kapes
the scales of justice aiven.' "
"Then I'll go and Interview madame, as
vou suggest, and begin to save money.
By the way. sir. what about sending zn*
to Platt3 Valleyr* . ,.
"You are better where you are, I think.
"But If Mr. Hiram Dexter would give
me an Interest In his enterprise, ever so
small a one? I don't, for a moment, see
why he should." - _. ¦ '¦
"That you may boom It. Glover. But
you can't very well boom It In the llaU
without my consent, see?"
"Quite so. Mr. Storey." _
"And much as I like dear old Hiram.
Platts Valley can wait. Talk of queer
fellows, there's one for you. If you like.
Madly In love with that typewriter girl;
don't you think so?"
"It seemed like It." said Glover, his face
flushing for a moment, as he thought of
her under the lamps In State street. Wil
liams had not told him the girl's name.
He had simply said, "I've found her: she a
old Dexter's typewriter." Thereupon Ned
had recalled the confession, in Storey's
room. And when he presently left hi3
considerate editor-proprietor, with a sub
stantial advance In his pocket, to find
out the Parkside boarding-house, he was
trying to persuade himself that, after all.
it was a delusive, illusive, wlll-o'-the-wlsp
face he had seen. - •.
In this frame of mind Glover pushed his
way through the crowd toward the draw
bridge, which was open when he got
there. He watched the hurrying throng,
jumping on and off before the mqvlnjt
roadway closed. as If ¦ It were a
matter of life and death .that
each Individual should reach hta
destination without a moment's de
lay. Then, full of embarrassing- thoughts,
and a half-doubtful resolve to call upon
Mr. Dexter and make the acquaintance.
If possible, cf his typewriter Defore the
day was over, he took the first car he
could clamber Into, and In due. course
landed within half a mile of the shabby
and picturesque locality, where th© sun
was shining on the bright windows of
Mrs. Bridget O'Hagan'a establishment;
and a surprise awaited him. at which ths
reader may be said to have been present.
CHAPTER IX.
••m LOVE. OLJ> TVOOD BURNS MORE
FIERCELY THAN GREEN."
It was love at first sight. Whoever has
not loved so. has not loved at all. To Zel
la there was a message to the stranger's
voice. It touched a responsive chord In
her heart, and at night awoke her la a
dream. In Ned Glover's soul, hitherto un
ruffled by even a breath of love, a pair of
eyes Ignited the smoldering tinder of a
young man's fancy, and afterward there
followed, with all speed, the flame of
Jealousy, to neutralize the first blissful
emotion.
It. ¦' It my secretary had been along 1
coula h*.w iioiic u rigui tu, wnuu you
buioitea yuur cigar. Xvow, mere's a *>ub-
JfeciMor ..uu-mii euucuuon, uuvni, ine
inu-gjiiy. UiLMUicia-sb ot me iiijju-tonca
im>i '8s.cc.rct.iii>-. auu uic privilege, tlio
.vyiaforj. oi ifcucn itfc&ifetaaeel 11 l uad my
. V.~ay J.'cl JUa.. 1.1KU ail UMMM d — U UOSUC
ait-'n,' who Uiiike pour jok.cs and draw
fU'iuw picture* the typewriter sin,
>iiu . , . fceeuis to ir.c tna.i they novv
iJiii off | iha typewriter lady ail thu
i>nifui libeib tne> used to sactl on tue
••'..« ytiivr-ui^iuw. if i thought tnut Amer
...... ittwj era, doctors, mcrcnains, uo-iik
ers -ftnd others v>uo cmji»o>- «uiy beeitia.
.jTie* and b.iuruiaim cteitvo v. cie capauie ol
ikKnif aucn cuanieiui au vantages of wo
. ni«li <u . ilivir. enjjjioyiiiL-iii, or subjecting
: J_lJf?lii to sucu pa.ili\> jests us tne comic
hiej; inter. wn>. cuisc me, if 1 wouldn't
Kc inclined to quit ihe business auo-
' •j a c"..iicr aim fontWrcaur sucii a country,
egr." .America is b.essc-d. in ihe nrst place.
A'.:;i: inc. fices vtuiiien In me worm; ana
;,c-\t. >snii in* cleverest -and must incius
¦inous, and '.h« American who does not
; uppittdato thai, anu &now it by his con
va>-i, tony, tium hu biacic hide, hu ougut
lu ix: wtiiiipcu aoro»is Uie ironuer, Into mo
iana cf Ciud-Knows-wtierc! . . . Don't
you agree with me?"
I Co," tsuid Glover.
"Veo- well. Then we'll drink her
neaith. <_»od bless her: 'The lady type
writer cf America:' "
He. tossed oil me remaining cocktaii,
mopped nis face v.th a big uanuauna,
l.ui.g ihe butt of his cigar into the riro
-plaefl and looked at Glover.
"Think. I'm crazy, eh? You never
made a greater mistake. 1 am having a
cay off. It isn't that I don't occasion
ally like to demonstrate and imbibe cock
lauls and smoke, and let on; but I oon't
;>«--rmu myself these vacations in the pres
ence of my lady secretary. She is out
for the day, and, &s I say, that gives me
a cay eff; that's how it is. Don't you
l>ut that into your story for the Daily
'Mall, but touch upon the extension of
female, employment In our counting
.houses, banks, postofficcs. hotels, and—"
"The women are there already, 1 think,"
said Glover, deferentially.
. 'Not to the extent they might be. Make
a great point of the treatment they are
eniiled. to. Compliment the American on
his innate chivalry. Anathematise the
skunk who isn't that -way giftea. D'ye
Pee? l^et the ioafer and the masher have
It- I've heard Englishmen, express ad
miration of the fad that a woman can
travel right through this great country.
alone and unprotected, without the risk
of insult or annoyance. A woman alone
has every man fur her champion."
"You ire furnishing me with some very
¦entertaining 'copy,' Mr. Dexter," said
:<jtlover, laughing. "It will require to be
liandled with considerable delicacy."
"Oh, I can trust you, " said Mr. Dexter;
"'and, moreover, you've got to show me
¦what you write and have my approval of
It. liut now. conie let lis get to the busi
ness Air. Storey wants ventilating, as he
calN it. L>u you know anything about
niinin??"
I was educated for a mining engineer."
"'You don't say! And you gave ii up for
slinging ink at so much a thousand
words'.' Well, by t hunger : there's no ac
counting for tastes. Hut, see here: The
Piatu Valley mines are going to be the
biggest thin,? between the liockic-s and
Mount Shasta, and that's a long vista,
ain't It? There's ihe Plaits Valley and the
Plaits EUtlse. The ridge and tne valley
are both in the lirst stage or development;
Dpi got anything beyond shanties yet. Xo
scnoolhouse, no newspaper, nor never a
church: just a camp, and no better. We
an ,^-Uing power tent through Denver
to the Hea Horse forks. In a years time
vre.hope to run p. line from the forks to
th.? v.t;ity. and later to the ridge, an-i
then vi' ii naK. 1 ihe sparks fly. Claims
have been staked out twenty miles along
t::c valley, and another twenty along th*
riage. »t's a wild bit of country. Have
ycu ever seen a mining c-anii>? "Why, of
¦ you have, being a mining en
.-i:;i er. *
".No, sir. I served a short apprentice
»!.;;¦ in ihe north of Kngiand. My brief
a;»rirtice.«iis in connection with coal
mlolng, the theory of which jmJ the
value of metals and the rest I learned at
the Newcastle Scnool of Mines. '
"Jutt ho. x Bee. That's now you do it
In :*;.¦ ..id country. Weil. I guess a bit of
th« "iy i« useful, too. You should ask Sto
rey to Bend you <>\cv to platen v'aiiey. it
wuuld make a stirring story. There's
QUIt«- .-t Betxj*sa»c-nt in the valley, tram."
.anil- canvas,, with barrooms an>1 singsongs;
b«i y«t, never a woman: You cmi hani
\y believe that, oh? It is so. Never a
Woman. That's \he story of many a great
<:iy: HefoK- the twentieth century's,
turned Platts Vali-y will be a stone-buiH
t.iy. with daily/papers, preachers, i^ach
r-r-.\ hanks, hotels, theaters anil every
Other attribute «-t civilization, with the
tii.v oi I'iatts H:>ige in Keen competition.
Vou bet* if we live till the dead oii nine
tttnthvcentury turns over in its grave,
you'll sc-c tho two Plans busy cities oi
the "Western Bt&tes, t>cas;ingr «¦! their civ
pizaJion; their r»rt schools, their psveno
logicai academic and probably their bai
lout* service to Europe weekly, with daily
flights to New York on the one- hanu an.i
han. Fraj-.c-isco vn the other. Now. look
feere, Mr. Olover, 1 guess you must let
this -.interview span over a day and lo
morrow 111 dictate a few figures and
things to fry secretary that will give back
bone to it, eh?"
*V<-ry meH. sir," FaM Glover. "I have
plenty or material for an interesting
fketrh. with the rotunda of the hotel,
your. tMiFinespIike room, tape, telephone.
i:.< ¦.-,-¦» ngcr bell, automatic desks, postal
¦!-'» a;id Sam thrown in.. 1 know the«f
thir.gsaro lami.iar ovet hero, but I can
luTiiithem to account in the way of color."
"t'M.ket -you'll fix it uj> ri^ht smart . .
I •:. :ii \ h'ihk Ishall do mucn more work
:h:> m"r;:ing. Are you gom? to the Mail
¦ :' ¦ • . Gdess' I'll walk with you. Then
v. •• < .'in rind oui just what Mr. Storey
varrsv"-.- ' ¦.-.• -
V^Vofif , Mr.
tt;in:oaffle forward with a clothe? brush,
cu^t.il Mr. Dexter** coat and assisted him
in ;>i.t «.;i his lvr.se wrapper.
! Jf only Ned Glover had known that Mr.
Ilexte-r was the employer of the girl
vwhose '¦'¦ifUxt'Q..: had . haunted him from the
\try; rnfrr.fnt he had caught sight of It
lamp in State street!
The rev* latlpn of her beauty was only a
r^tnirris'-Vnee.-of hours. Yet it seemed to
*Jlov»-r .i:.s' it afrts had passed since then.
AIT the time.- he- was with Mr. Dexter he
vvas burning to be 6ft after Joe Williams.
'iri the chance that he had found a clew
to her., identity.
"1 think 1 understand what Mr. Storey
van'*.."- he' said to Dexter. "1 will leave
'.you . : now; and go to work."
•"¦Don't care lor my society, eh? Now,
I '¦¦ was thinking how I'd kind of taken a
fancy to you. My people were originally
from England. My great-grand father was
what you call a yeoman, somewhere down
In; Kent,. Guess I mean to look up his
p&lfTtm when I go over."
."I lave you ever been in England?"
"Never,- and yet the English money
trraV-S' passed through my Bands would
jrink* a pile as high as St. Paul's. I'm
po'.ng to ask Storey to fit you out, and
tfiid you to Platts Valley."
"Are you? Why?"
.."Two Mrds with one stone. Have you
rriy '.expectations, as you call waiting for
iuo-id men's shops In your country?"
Dexter."
¦: r'Wim're a kind of rover, bold and free.
I rnvy you. If Storey will send you to
:th v 'I 3 liitts mining camps I will give you an
iritcrf-^i that may open out a good deal
Mrttr.r than slinging ink. What do you
: fay?" .
¦••You are. verr kind, sir. I trust you will
f,n<] : rn<? grateful."
¦While they were walking al«ng the
rtrr-et rriany"hats were raised to Mr. Dex
ter, r.nd many a "Good morning" salute
¦'heartily returned. .•¦,
¦"If you were a borrowing man, Mr. Glo
ver, .a"t:d wanted S50.000. even on a wildcat
¦Fphrme. It's? worth the money to be seen
wiiJkln? with me. I am considered to be
-one of the shrewdest, all-fired clever
fccbemera in the United States. I am cred
5j«.d with more far-seeing: achievements
in finarre and gold mining than the wisest
*if s- peculators and bankers. To have me
walking with a man along State street
.-ind La Salle. seeming on close terms with
him. is to send his stock and ambitions to
.a premium. It's well known I don't
pander to newspaper men and it Is
thought. I own most of the stock of the
Mall; Kver since that report got about
the paper has doubled its tale and Its ad
vertisements have Increased 50 per cent.
My dear young friend, you can't think
whnt '.i thundering reputation I have. All
3uck, I Ensure you. I was lucky from the
moment that I bought an old brass pot
fit auction to find It was a piece of old
rold. to the very day when .... But
thero, I'm p-r-ttinsr garrulous, as my clever
fecrotary of the Palmer House would cay;
and here we are ?t the Mall building."
On the other Fide of the road Joe Wil
liams, the detective, was passing, a flower
in his buttonhole and a contented smile
on his face.
"Excuse me, sir; I will rejoin you In a
minute or two," paid Glover, all the gold
en hopes with which Dexter had fluttered
hi* fajcr soul flown to the winds at
thought cf the heroine of his previous
. . . Yes, you do, by the living Jingo r
"Well, well, old fellow, keep cool, said
Storey, rising and advancing towards
him. "Dash my boots, old man, I honor
your sentiments, and I respect the great
soldier's daughter. Shake!
They "shook," after which symbol of
friendship Dexter offered his cigar case,
first to Storey and then to Glover. While
they lighted up he chewed the end of his
weed, and, thrusting his hands Into his
pockets, walked about the room, not at
tempting to disguise his agitation.
"See here." he said, presently facing
them as they sat. Storey at his desk, Glo
ver by the window, "I may be a fool. It
is not given to every man to be always
ahead of his market. If I had met a Miss
Brcnnen, twenty or thirty years ago I
would have reckoned myself the luckiest
man in the United States If she would
have given me the right to protect her
and the privilege of being her slave. But
it was never my lot to meet a woman
I would have cared to marry. And now
I can only cherish the hope that I may
be a kind father to her. . . . But do
you think she will all>w me to do more
than employ her and pay her a fair wage?
No; by gosh! She is too independent even
to permit me to make her a present. She
Is as accomplished as she Is beautiful.
. . . I had never felt my loneliness — the
loneliness of an old bachelor — until she
entered my services as a clerk. . . .
That is the honest truth. . . . 3ust as
I loved and honored my mother, one of
the best women God ever put the breath
of life into, so do I feel toward this young
woman: this rrotherl«-ss. this fatherless
child of America, a soldier's daughter.
. . . That's how it is with me. . . .
So let it go at that, you two. . . Excuse
me. now. ... I will see you later."
Thereupon he took up his hat and left
the place.
Storey looked at Glover. Glover looked
at Storey, as Dexter's retreating- foot
steps echoed along the corridor and the
outer door closed upon him.
"There's a fellow for you!" said Storey.
"The moral of which is. Mr. Glover, get
married while you're young, and don't
wait until sixty to contemplate the possi
bility of another man's happiness, when
you might have been blessed! Were you
ever in love. Mr. Glover?"
"Never, until a few hours ago."
"Why. what in thunder has come over
this office! How do you mean?
"I met her en the street at midnight."
"On the street: And at midnight!
. . . A nice confession!"
"It's true. I only saw her for an in
stant. Didn't know who she -was: don't
know now. A rufflan attacked her. I
went to her assistance. She felled the
brute with the dexterity of a pugilist and
fled."
"Is that a story you are getting up for
the Mail?"
"No, sir. It's a story I am getting up
for myself. But you will have a note of
it, no doubt, in your police reports for
tomorrow's paper."
"V»"ho Is tte womaji, did vn " -«•"'"
Ings of tbe defeat of the Spanish fleet,
views of the Lakes of KlUarney, and a
picture (from the Illustrated London
News) of the blowing up of Clerkenwell
Gaol In London, with otner pictorial re
miniscences of the Irish revolt. Mr. Glen
coe, who was a Scotchman, and Mrs. Fer
guson, who hailed from Belfast, occasion
ally found it difficult to put up with Mrs.
O'Hagan's Fenian sentiments; but, as she
equally annoyed her American boarders
with her claims that America was only
"Ould Olreland, under another name,"
that Ireland had made tbe United States
and kept the country going, both sides goc
into the habit of smiling at the old lady's
extravagances.
Moreover, it was easy to be self-deny
ing in the matter of nationality and pa
triotism and the rest. In consideration of
the O'Hagan cuisine. A breakfast, for ex
ample, at the Parkside Boarding-house
was only equaled by the best restaurants
in the city. The bill of fare might be
more varied and Include a more numerous
array of side dishes, but Mrs. O'Hagan
presided over a meal that was not only
pleasant to the eye and comforting to the
olfactory sense?, but as whojesome as it
was dainty. She vowed that porridge was
an Irish dish. Indeed, everything that
anybody praised, anything that was
worthy of praise, was Irish. She declared
that tomatoes -were Irish: that cranberries
grew wild about Drogheda; that the
pumpkin was common enough In every
part of the "ould counthry"; that apples
grew on the hedges about Killarney;
while the lake was crowded with Spanish
mackerel, and the shore with terrapin!
Only Zella knew the dear old woman well
enough to observe the sly twinkle in her
eye as she made these declarations; and
/the stanchest American patriot would be
mollified at the tribute paid to the na
tional foods by the way in which they
were cooked and served. Tomatoes sliced,
with a small mountain of ice in their cen
ter: a fine dish of Spanish mackerel: a
preparation of chicken after the manner
of Virginia: sweet potatoes; squabs; hot
cakes; a fine bowl of fruits; and hot coffee
In a great, old-fashioned urn: a snow
white table-cloth: and what did It matter
whether Mrs. O'Hagan vowed that 'twas
the Irish won the victory of the North
against the South, or that she repeated
the libels of England's bitterest enemies
that the wounded dervishes at Omdurman
were tortured by Tommy Atkins.
"Did you hear of the street brawl,
ra'nm?" asked Mr. Glencoe when the
morning appetites of the boarders were
fairly well appeased, and they were tak
ing their coffee leisurely.
"I did that," was the reply.
"One paper says the woman was a lady,
though she struck the villain a blow that
knocked him down."
" 'Knocked the wind out of him," Is the
ipsissima verbat." said Mr. Glencoe.
"A vulgar affair, anyhow," was the
comment of the widow of a bartender,
who hnd retired on a small income and
cccun'ed Uie humblest of the Park-ide
night's adventure, and the hope that Wil
liams might have discovered her.
CHAPTER V.
LIAMS.
ZELLA AND MR. DETECTIVE WIL-
Zella Brunnen was the heroine of the
prize meeting at the Athletic Club; a Iier
oine among women, for only the members
of the c'.ub and their female friends were
permitted to be present.
Now. the case of Abner Digges ¦was
postponed, on the application of Mr. De
tective Williams, for the attendance of
the chief witness:, whom he said he hoped
to produce on the following day. A\ hen
Glover accosted .him and was answered
with a rebuke; Williams was making his
way to the Women's Athletic Club build
ing, with no other clew than the handsome
face t«f the strange illusive woman of State
street, and the something in her manner
that denoted »he lady, as he understood
the type, rather than the professional ath
lete, or circus girl, as he chose to reckon
her in order to tease Ned Glover.
When the trials of grace and strength
wore over, and Zella had been awarded
the two prizes for which she had con
tested, she retired to dress and go home
with Mrs. O'Hagan. That devoted slave
of friendship and motherly feeling «iad,
during Zel!a's> comi>etitlons. sat in a cor
ner of the gallery, exclaiming under h<?r
breatn snatcnes of Biblical invocations
and Anglo-Irish-American blessings on
her divine Z<?lla. Just as she was kissing
her and loading her with affectionate
congratulations in the vestibule Joe Wil
liams made his appearance.
"Beg pardon, lanies," he said; and the
girl turned toward him an inquiring face
— a face, once Been, not likely to be lor
gctten. Williams was counted one of the
most lucky men in the Chicago force. But
"Williams always gave his luck the sup
port of a shrewd intelligence and a never
resting energy.
"You don't remember me"" he said, with
a courteous bow.
"And if I don't." was the calm r-r-ly,
"perhaps you will inform me who you
are and why you have addressed us?"
"My name is Williams. I am a detec
tive officer."
"And phwat of It?" said Mrs. O'Hagan.
"Nothing obieclionable. I hope," he paid.
"Very well, then." answered Mrs. O'lia
gan; "phwat do ye want wid us?"
"I would like to speak with the young
lady for a few minutes."
"Then, spake." said Mrs. O'Hagan,
standing in a protecting attitude toward
Zc'la. who had Leon unable to disguise
her alarm.
*"It is a private matter." saUl Williams,
"There is nothing you may have to say
in me that Mrs. O'Hagan may not hear,"
Bald Zella.
"Does Mrs. O'Hagan know at what time
Women's Athletic Club."
"Very kind of you to know that I was
not a circus girl." said Zella. with a
mock curtsey. "And. by the way, who
was the— t-r — the gentlemen who said, "If
he's a foreigner, then let a foreigner pro
tect you?' "
Williams smiled at the evident embar
rassment of the lady and at her recalling
the exact words of his friend.
"You remember his very words? he
said. - ,
"The occasion was rather remarkable,
she answered.
"He remembers your face just as acute
ly." said Williams, "and raves about your
eye's." , , ,,
"Then I don't want to know his name,
she said, hurriedly: "but I thank you
again. Mr. Williams. Come along. Mrs.
O'Hagun; dear; we shall be late."
"God be wid ye." Bald Bridget, nod
ding a quid: larewell to the detective and
taking Zella's arm a? they left the build
ing. Zella striving in vain to check a
blush that save an extra shade ot pink
to her Bunnj complexion.
In a private interview with the magis
trate and his clerk. Joe Williams had no
difficulty in having Miss Brunnen excused
from attending as u .witness against the
Iliftlun •
The magistrate, with quick .sympathy
for the gin. fell in with the young lady's
wis-h not to l>e called, and Abner DIgges
wiia sentenced to a month in the House of
Correction for being drunk and brawling
In the streets, and using a bowieknlfe to
tha common danger, etc. . .• . Mr. Ed
mund Glover supported the evidence of
the detective and the sentence was the
more lenient that DIgges had evidently
onlv been in the town for a week and was
taking a vacation after many months of
prcspectirg and mining in Colorado. . . .
Dirges asked that his knife might be re
stored to him. It was, he said, a rare
blade, made for him way down in Ken
tucky, by a smith whose father had made
knifes for "the Bowles" in the old days.
. . . "When .->. man would have had
tweinty knives usainst him. if he had been
coward enough to draw upon a woman."
the magistrate had remarked; to elicit
the rejoinder from Digges that he
had not drawn upon a woman,
but upon that cursed kyote, who
called himself Glover;" nor did
ho believe, he said, that the individual
who had strurl' him was a woman, but a
man in woman's clothes; he'd lay a hun
dred that Glover was a "confederate of
the pugilist in petticoats." ... At
which Jud?o Koppel winked at the de
tertive and 'riughed. . . . And, when
i he prisoner bad been removed, the Judge
Faid, "She h:\s not studied'the noble art'
for nothing, this Mips Zella Brunnen; a
wolf in Bheep's clothing couldn't have
surprised liini more. I guess. And that's
all about the circus gal. If you don't
square things with Dexter, and keep your
position pn the Chicago Daily Mail, you
can wipe me off your visiting list. Under
stand." .
Williams hailed a passing car, and
waved his newly made friend a parting
salute. Glover, biting the ends of his
mustache, crossed the road and entered
the office of the Mail.
"Go right in," said the Janitor who
guarded the editorial portals.
"Mr. Dexter, 1 beg you will accept my
abject apologies for leaving you abtupily.
. It was, 1 am sure you will uniler
stahd, out of no disrespect. . . . 1 Deg
your pardon, Ml. Storey, 1 did not see
YOU."
•Go on not seeing me," said Storey,
deeply interested in some papers on his
i attnt automatic desk, that was loophoiect
with dra\seia,ar.d echoed the tick of an
aujin-ent tape, that was telling him tho
latest news from London. Berlin, Paris
and HoEkosh, with Impartial indifference.
"You gave me the go-uy, as one mlgnt
a poor relation, Mr. Edmund Glover," said
Dexter, tilting an easy chair in which he
was seated against the wall, and contem
plating ihe hnglishman, in whose fortunes
ne bad so reauily taken an interest.
UiuVer puneii at rus musutcne, which
he had been hitherto trying to eat. and
looktd from the engrossed .storey to tne
inquiring Dexter.
"I'm devinsh sorry, and that s the
truth," he said presently. "The truth
Is Well, you see, I have a kind of
story on liana for the "Alail,* ann — er —
Williams is not an easy feuow to get hold
of when you want him most, ana "
"You thought him of more importance
than myself. Well, perhaps you are
•¦Be assured, sir, it ¦was not out of any
disrespect. Indeed, I don't know how to
thank you for the interest you have taken
in me. ' ,_
"Thank me when I've done something
for you. . . As for disrespect, as you
say, that is understood. . . Anyhow, ii
wasn't a selfish impulse that made Wil
liams at the moment more attractive to
you than rne. So shake, and say no more
about it."
They shook hands, whereupon Mr.
Storey turned upon his circulating chair,
and joined in the conversation.
"Well, who's dead? What is it? A cor
ner In wheat? The Platt mine petered
our" KhV Or Hiram indicted for big
amy?"
i» c was a typical Westerner, Storey,
lanky legs, big boots, generally bony, a
long'face, closely shaven, a shock of grey
hair, and a pair of dark eyes, shadowed
' by heavy eyebrows.
"You'll be convicted of a Joke if you
don't mind," Dexter renlied. "Don't
A ROMANCE + TWO CONTINENTS FOUNDED IN FACT
THE STTETDAY CAIili.
(Continued next week.)
jeopardize your reputation."
"That's past praying for." said Storey.
"Everybody knows you are my patron,"
with a quick wink at Glover, that put
the young man entirely at his ease.
"I'll sell you out and swamp you. Storey,
if you uay another word."
"Swamp the ship? Ease her of an in
tolerable cargo, you mean?"
7The normal weight of Mack is about 123
pounds. When the scales have been set
at that point the balance-stands about
perfect, the beam rises softly and a few
pounds further out on the scales are
enough to counter-balance. : The weight
of the man increases steadily until tens,
twenties and hundreds grow In the fig-
urcs of the weights until the scale shows
that the platform is. pulled down to the.
his hands to his face, his eyes fixed In-
tently on the beam before him Mack
causes the pressure to decrease slowly
and steadily until the weights have been
all removed except those that indicate
123 pounds. >Atthls;polnt the wonder of
the onlookers is increased Immeasurably
when they. see the beam fall and note
that the weights on the Icale are steadily'"
reduced until they thirty-five
Mack he claims to feel exhaustion. The
"man's looks show ,thls>to be tha truth,
After the 1 scale test" he Is almost pros»
.'trated and can scarcely stand without
support. . His face grows pale and he is
In an extremely nervous state. His recov
" ery Is rapid, however, and In half an'hour
' his eye has brightened, color returns to
> his face and he'is again the smiling, good
~ natured youth. ' •
The telephone line between Parts .and
Ecrlin. which has been but recently in
augurated, was. completed in Jur.e last.
The French and German officials, how.-
ever woul«f not give the line over trt pub-.
He use? until It had been thoroughly tested.
A conversation between Berlin arid the
French towns cost 5 marks, except In; the
case of Bordeaux. Orlear.3 and St, Etl
enne, for which 6% marks is charcedi
Both the lines between Paris and Berlin
and Paris and Frankfort are double and
are constructed with bronze wire live mil
limeters thick. It was originally the in
tention of both governments that the tele
phone should be ready at the opening of
the exhibition. The. German part of the
wire was brought to the French frontier
by the end of March, .
A lively little fox-terrier was runnlnc
about the grounds. He was an exclusive
pup, and the youngsters tried to earn a
Bribe to bring the dog up. In a few min
utes Mack had coaxed the dog fo cTmTup*
On ..A ?, lnstructor s Platform beside him
"Call your dog.," sa £d Mack to theTJoy
"Naw." he said slowly, doubtfully The
boy seemed rather dazed, but showed no
111 effects of the experiment.
The boy leaped down from the platform
and backed away a few steps, rubbing hb»
neck vigorously. '"* J
"Did It hurt your neck?" the boy was
asked.
The man lifted straight up and tried not
to hurt the boy. A few seconds the strain
lasted, and then the boy yelled:
••Ow-w-w! Leggo! You're squashin*
me!"
"I think I can," said Mr. Sumpter. as
he reached out, and. grasping the child
ewung him high above his head
"Try it again," said Mack. "Here, son "
touching him on the ear. "now then up
he— don't go." he continued, for just as
the boy was about to soar skyward th«>
mysterious Mack touched the boy with
the tip of his finger and the youngster's
toes clung to the ground as if they had
been spiked down.
"Perhaps you can lift that wee lad there
Suppose -you try him," said Mr Mack
pointing to a little sixty pound boy who
stood deeply Interested without under
standing. „ - .
Sumpter. stood back and looked at the/
man. "Let me try that again." he said.
His second attempt only made his face
redder and caused him to breathe heavie
"Perhaps you had better call assist
ance." said Mack In a tantalizing way.
Another man stepped on the boards.
With this reinforcement heavy lifter No
1 felt confident. One man stood behind
and the other in front of the youth.
"Now, then, hoist him!" shouted the
newcomer. With a mighty heave and a
lift the two strong men almost lifted
Mack's heels from the boards. His finger
rested lightly on a lifter's neck.
They once more stood back and looked
at the stranger.
Fred M. Surnpter. a brawny athlete of
210 pounds of muscle and bone, volun
teered his services. He first shook hands
with Mack as an evidence that if he broke
him in two or crushed in the small man's
ribs it would not be by intention. Then
Sumpter lifted Mack high in the air.
"Now, then, once more," suggested
Mack, with a smile. The strong man ex
erted himself, lifted and tugged. Mack's
finger rested lightly on Sumpter's neck.
Once more he yanked and tugged. He
afterward said he had exerted enough
strength to have lifted three men like that
little fellow.
Athlete Unable to Lift Him.
One of the most interesting exhibitions
given by Mack during his stay in Boston
was conducted at the Charlesbank Gym
nasium. Here his feats were a source of
astonishment to the athletes that frequent
that popular outdoor resort.
achievements. Hi? extraordinary control
over his pulse has mystified them. He can
increase pulsation up to a flutter or de
press it to a point so low that it cannot
be detected.
One of the most astounding feats ac
complished by t2.is young New Yorker
is the test on the beam scales. Hack can
actually reduce his. weight or increase It
at will while standing on the scales. This
experiment Is conducted by simply allow
ing the young man to stand passively
on the scales while a disinterested party
hustles around to find enough weights to
place on the beam to counterbalance the
constantly increasing weight on the plat
form.
Changes His Weight.
with Mack's full permission the doctor
tried repeatedly to hypnotize the young
man, but without su:cess. He did. how
ever, achieve partial control over his sub
ject,' but even when in a seml-hypnotlc
state Mack easily prevented the doctor
from llftins him. When almost overcome
with somnolence the subject would do
placed In a chair and the doctor would
attempt to lift him. Mack would then
drowsily 1 _t his hand, touch the hypno
tist on some portion of the face or hands
and instantly the tables would be turned,
and the one time master Lad no further
power over his subject.
Dr. Charcot, the noted French specialist
who first used hypnotism in connection
with his surgical work, became Interested
in Mack, and when the American arrived
In Paris he at once, with the consent of
Mr. Mack, conducted a series of what he
called "scientific tests of Invisible
strength."
Mack does not believe, as has been fre
quently claimed, that he causes a partial
paralysis of the nerve centers. His belief
finds support in the fact that the Boston
athletes who have lifted or tried to lift
him have complained afterward that they
not only lifted but lifted so hard that they
strained muscles that were thought to be
eo well trained that no amount of exer
tion could make them sore. No one who
has ma.de theaests will admit that he did
not exert his full strength.
In Berlin Professor Virchow made a
three weeks' study of Mack. Every after
noon several hours were spent In the
latoratory of that famous scientist. After
these experiments Virchow gave it as hi?
opinion that Mack exerted a "force of
nerve resistance." Just what the learned
professor meant by this is understood gen
erally only in a vague way.
On the Continent the scientists who had
been reading for a year the articles in the
English medical journals and periodicals
devoted to things psychological were
ready to make examinations, and they at
once began a series of notable tests.
Professor Virchow's Theory.
Early in JP93 Mack went to Kri?!ai;c'.
where he v.as at onco tnkrn up by the
Royal Medical Focicty. nnd for several
months one after another of the h:shc.-t
authorities in Engjand tried to find the
source of his pov.-er and pive it a name.
Thopr. interested in r??varches of psychol
ogy thousht they had at !.->«< found "some
thing they cou!d work <:n. The phenomena,
after endless trials, proved to be some
thing beyond them, and they were not
able to come to any definite conclusion.
tests. They claimed he *vas a med'tim of
extraordinary power. They never suc
ceeded, however; in demonstrating that
this was the truth, and were finally csm
l>Hk-d to drop the case.
"1 don't like to talk about what. I hope.
to do. A few more weeks and I may. be
able to say something about it. I want to
be sure before I make any claims. One
thing is certain, the force, cr whatever
you care to call It. is Increasing." :
When asked if he had succeeded In e*
ert:<y an influence rf anv sort ovarlnajil-'
mate objects, he paid: '¦ . • . : ;
"Wouldn't the scale test suggest some-r
thing of that sort?" •. '¦¦:'¦ ¦"¦' • .¦':
Mr. Mack thinks there is -.something*
about the law of frravttatirm that is not.
now fuily understood by men. . ,; > .;
"I am working on that ,lln ?: every, day
when I am ninne. and I may have asUrt
ling thine: to show to the world S4me day.
I do r.ct make Fuch a broad statement b»
to «!oy"that U»« law of gravitation may t>e
revised, much fcS3 Ml asMft I ; simply say
it may be open to arr.crv:Iracnt.'? : . ; ¦] ,
¦William Mack Is conducting experiment*
In private. He evinced considerable rw
luctance when asked to tell of thenv • " :
Mack's Own View.
In this, as well as In the other tests. th»
desire to stare the camera out of coun
tenance prevented the photographer frons
getting the best results.
Mack placed his index fingers on tha
glass, stood in an easy position and tosd
them to proceed with the window smash
ing. Considerable force was put into this
test, but the force did not seem to get be
yond Mack or to really reach the window./
Standing four deep the first man placed
h!s hand en Mr. Mack's neck. Each
man behind him assumed a similar posi
tion, so that there was a chain of the neck,
touching operation to the end of the line.
Four men then tried to push Mack
through a plate glass window across the
street from the Charles Bank. Some hes-^
itation on the part of the experimenters
brought forth the question as to who was
to pay for the window. Without waiting
to settle this question the attempt was
made. ¦¦¦'.¦ . .
"Whe^n I caught hold," said another,. "I
didn't try to lift. • I tried to hold. I felt
something r-ulling down. It went like tens
of pounds, then hundreds more welgfht.
until I was obliged to give down under
the strain. It wasn't so much my lifting
as it was that something pulling down
with awful force." . ¦ ¦ :; .-
"It seemed to me," said one of them,
"that when I started to lifting I would
feel something in him pulling down. I
could feel It steadily dragging me down."
This time Mack's feet stayed flat on tho
floor. The men exerted themselves to tho
utmost. Back and forth they swayed an.l.
lifted with their full strength. Mack's fin
ger never left the neck of the man In
front of him. The other contact points
were where he grasped the hands of two
of the other men. . ¦ . ¦ ¦¦
They gave it up after several seconds*
terrific strain.
"Well." said Hack good-naturedly, "as .
many of you as can get hold of me try, It.".
_ Four men got on the platform and
grasped him. This time he tcok ¦ palna
that at least' three of. them were In a
position that he could touch their hamla
or faces.
"Say when you're ready," said one of;
the lifters. . .. ;
"Oh, suit yourselves.** ..." ¦ ••¦¦.'
"One, two, threes — now!" shouted one of
the men. ¦ ¦_". , . ¦•¦'
'•How many of us would it take to lift
you?" asked one of the husky youths
prerent.
The sarr.» test that was conducted nn
Soldiers" Field was then made. Four
heavy men tried with all their strength
and weight to force the er.d of a vaulting
pole down to the ground, while Mack
iimply held the palms of his hands on the
?Ic?e of the pol« and prevented them from
forcing it down. Neither could they push
the pole aside when he exerted his force
against them.
Four Against One.
that posed as the owner of the canine. At
the first whistle the little dog started to
obey the summons. Hack stooped and lal«l
a finder on the terrier's neck. The do?
wrisgled and tr,i?te.?. then stood still and
rigid, his eyes fixed en his master.
"Keep calling him." said Mack. But no
airount of calling and whistling could
make the dog move a. muscle. A low.
piteous whine escaped him and Mack
lifted t!ie finger from the canine's neck
and the pup bounded av. - ay, as 1( de
lighted to escape.
After conducting a few experiments
himself the elder Mack called the atten
tion of Dr. Marlon L. Simms, a specialist,
who was at that time the family phy
sician, to the discovery he had made. Dr.
Simms at once conducted a series of ex
periments and among other things found
that the lad could transmit the mysterious
power through direct application only. He
never made public his theory as to what
the gift really was.
After leaving school young Mack was In
duced by some of the leading spiritualist*
cX New York to allow them to try som©
One day his father was displeased w"th
the record shown on the boy's merit caro.
The trouble the bey had caused the Har
lem school teacher during the week waa
about to end in a parental chastisement.
"When the father attempted to carry the
youth into the house he felt the boy's>
hands on his neck, and, to his dismay, ht
was unable to lift him from the ground.
He repeated the effort several times and
the application of the shingle was for
gotten.
William Mack has been doing this «soit
of thing since he was five yrars old. He
has had many curious experiences. Th.2
discover}* was an accident-
How well he could transmit the power
¦was demonstrated when he had the foot
ball m&n attempt to lift a third party, and
then, by simply placing a finger on the
reck of the subject made him appear, to
use an expression overheard, "to weigh
Bcven tons."
Lots of suggestions were made, but
none of them was practical. The question
arose as to whether Mack could teach
any one else how to exert the strength
or power, and thoughts of having him
engraved as a trainer were abandoned
•when he said that he could not teach them
how he did the things they had seen, or
even explain them. The only way he could
transmit the power to a second person
¦was v/hen he was within reach.
"If we 'had a man like that on the tears
he could hold a field full of our oppo
nents," caid one of the players.
The students were completely mystified.
Instantly they began suggestions as to
how this power would work if Mack was
In a scrimmage on the gridiron.
Mystifies the Students.
Instantly reversing the situation M.ick
placed the pole on the ground and deficit
them to lift it or push it over in any di
rection, he simply holding it between his
palms. It might be well to state that
when the men had grasped the pol£ Mack
rubbed the palms of his hands briskly
down over the knuckles of those hold'n^
the stick. That pass seemed to do the
•work and they were not able to movt
the pole.
He held a vaulting pole in an upright
position betwr-en '.lie r»!rns of his har^s.
He did not grasp it or exert himself in
any way. As many at the athletes as
could reach the pole hung to it. yet they
had not the power or t:ie weight to force
It to the ground.
Reaching over the heads of those closest
to h'm he rested h'.s ringers quickly arid
lightly on the nock or other exposed poi
tions of the flesh :>.rid the play suddenly
j-talled. They poshed, they crowded, ail
the strength ar.d we'.ght they possessc]
was put into their efforts: yet the palo
youth' held them easily at the edge of th3
platform.
Kor several weeks Mack has been the
objf-ct of great interest and some specula
tion at Harvard -University, particularly
asioTif the stalwart members of the foot
ball team, most of whom have felt his
•wonderful power of resistance and hav;
acknowledged themselves vreakllns* when
ojipor-f-d to him. He wap brought tb Har
vard by "Jack" McMasiers, trainer of th-»
football team. ,
After several of the strongest members
of the t«»am had ati^rripted to lift Ma.K
and failed, or hoisted him high in the air.
just as he willed, some other experiments
were made. A half dozen of the hv.sky
yourg men attempted a mass play an !
their object was to force Mack off the
platform in front of the training quar
ters.
WILL William H. Mack succeed In
unending ths laws of gravita
tion? This young man is already
regarded as an unsolvable phe
nomenon by some of the leading: scienti&is
cf this cour.try and Kurope. He is only
2Z years c!d ar.d weighs but 120 pounds,
yet by seme strange power he delles ;ha
strongest ratn to lift him from the
ground, ar.d can increase his weight al
mos-t to the capacity of any ordinary
scales, and is now •.•ngaired in experi
recr.is which, if raccees&il, will in s
measure defy the laws- ol" gravitation. A
firar.ge thing about Mack's mysterious
power is that he hiir.self oannot under
stand it or explain it. Nor has he been
able to find any one willing ta positively
defire it.
Professor Virchow, -iean of the Univer
sity of Berlin, has ijeen, probably, the
only one of the great .scientists who have
examined Mack who nas advanced a real
ly plausible theory. He calls it "a force
of nerve resistance." Even this theory
is so intangitle to the lay mind that it is
difficult to urderptar.il.
THE SUNDAY CALL.
8
MACK'S POWER LIKE THE FAITH
THAT MOVES MOUNTAINSin search of tho
tigress to view
of tn* reward.
of July last. Sev
eral hunters ara
A reward of 9C0 rupees ($200) has been
placed by the British authorities on
the head of a man-eating tigress
} V to the Seoul district, Cen-
Ktral provinces, India.
Kour persons are re
ported by the pollca
to have been killed
i by It In the month
ry How does a man feel when
he is being chewed up by a
lion or a tiger? That Is an ex
ceedingly Interesting question,
and the answer to it is obtained
much more readily than Is possi
ble to get from men who come into
deadly peril through some of the
common accidents of life. J. Crow
tner Hirst, an Englishman, has written
a book detailing the experience of big
game hunters and others while under the
attack of wild beasts. He relates the adven
ture of Lieutenant Vanderzee with an African
lion, one of three which were found by the lieu
tenant's party. The lions were 400 yards away
and one of them, being shot in the hind leg. turnl
ed and made for its assailant. As it approached
-It received two other bullets in the chest,
which failed to stop its advance. It threw the
Lieutenant to the ground, bit him severely on
the legs and arms, and then-but not till then
-It died of the wounds it previously had re
ceived. Lieutenant Vanderzee says: "I had
no feeling of pain whatever, although there
was a distinct feeling of being bitten-that
is, I was perfectly conscious, independently
of seeing the performance, that the lion was
gnawing at me, but there was no pain. To
| show that the feeling or, rather, the want
c of it. was in nowise due to excessive ter
ror, as might be th e case where ani-
L mals are concerned, I may mention that,
a while my thighs were being gnawed, I
5?\ took two cartridges out of the breast
5§\ pocket of my shirt and threw them to
IkI the Knfllr, who was hovering a few
«IB yards away, telling him to load my rifle;
vSl end immediately the lion died and rolled
W^« off me I scrambled up and, taking a
1§1|L rifle from the Kaffir, loaded and fired
iK*\ with it at the carcass, although my
V?«\ riRht hand was badly bitten and frac
lraft tured near the wrist Joint. I believe
II * nat ** r * Livingstone mentions that a
' ~ lMa' dreamy feeling or sort of stupor
»"'/¦-'¦' ••|K\ > came over him while being mauled.
' Wft * n my case J nave no recollection of
Wj\ any feeling of the kind."
rMpllslMtl One of Carl Hagenbeck's asstst
1>. V - ¦ . I' V ants was attacked while in the
I* BM c&se w '*k a Broup °^ perform
l&"- : ''W''w\ * n^ H° ns - "What were your sen-
Hs""" ¦ ¦¦: *«« cations when the lion had you
Ri*. -'"*¦ '•>'' ¦¦• | !A with both claws and teeth?" he
|m Vj .- 1 b\ was asked, and he said:
Bt| •.:..:,' Wk • "There was no pain then."
!*l»" wsV Afterward he wrote: "When
Kdk »ilV e " on rst came t0 me
Kfc dW not have any pain or
HHS^ ' eal ". but seemed to lose all
yBr". \Skt\ power over myself; but the
8R^^ Becond and third time I
HBa^^'^ »KU was much afraid I should
aaB^ ¦¦'*' 'iaS&\ lose Tny life ' I diJ not
g&E " '-* '"? '-" : : *'.'i^Bi« experience pain until
Hw& ¦ L&au)l afterward, but the
¦ tk^sfeii 601 r ns mil en o.s x
gfcV,' .;.. ;¦ •^V$JSamkjk\ and thls l9 what
SsS8S^WJ^Slfc^wfc» J'l •'.-*;*¦ '¦'.* • ' >». trourifl
Hiaoters^^
Tell How It
Feels To Be
Eatem^^^^
"I most certainly felt the most awful
pain I have ever experienced -when aha
was biting my neck, but not afterward,
as far as I can remember. The old mili
tary doctor who attended me mentioned
the case of Dr. Livingstone, and said that
he thought the pain I felt was due to tha
fact of the nerves all* meeting In tho neck.
I felt none of my other wounds at tho
time, but they were painful afterward."
S. T. Hansard of Ceylon had a conflict
with a man-eating tigress which had been
the scourge of the neighborhood. He and
a friend went to seek her, each taking a
different side bf a certain ravine. Mr.
Hansard says: "I suddenly felt what
seemed to me for the moment to b» a
man's hand on each of my shoulders, Uk9
a heavyweight playing leap frog. Glanc
ing over my. left shoulder I saw, to my
horror, the open mouth of a huge tiger
within an inch of my neck. Then all was
dark. Whether I fainted or not I can't
say, but I believe that it 13 a fact that In
mest cases the victim has been struck;
Bfr.seless with the first flap of the paw.
The next thing I remember was slipring
down the ravine with my head downward,
my face to the ground, and the tigresa on
my back, biting my neck. The agony I
felt wa3 something fearful; my whole
skull felt as if it was being crunched to
atoms in the Jaws of this great brute.
Twice the Jaws seemed to meet and I
thought it was all up. The next thing I
it-member was a sudden relaxation, feel
ing the brute off my back, and seeing her
roll down toward the stream.
E. C. S. Baker. F. Z. S., tells of a wt>
man who was attacked by a man-eating
tiger, but suffered no pain, although she
was bitten twice through the muscles of
the arm; also of a man bitten through the
neck and shoulder, who . dl«*d In three
days, but suffered no pain at all. either at
the time of the bite or afterward; also of
another man bitten through the thigh,
who suffered no pain at the time, but en
dured agonies afterward. * ,"¦.-. . ¦;
The Rev. J. G. Kerry, a Baptist mission
ary in Bengal, tells an odd story about an
engineer on the Assam-Bengal Railway
who went out after a tiger that had done
much damage. He found it. but his gun
missed fire, and before he could fire again
the tiger was upon him and knocked him
down. The tiger at once began to crunch
the man's right arm, whereupon, although
he felt no pain at the time, he gave tho
tiger a severe blow In the face with his
left. Strange to say, the tiger was so dis
concerted that he walked away.
Mr. Hirst gives several Instances of
wounds Inflicted by bears, and In every
instance the testimony of the wounded
man is that he was not conscious of pain.
One says: "I was not conscious of any
pain, though severely bitten." Another
writes: "In the moment of desperate
struggle for life the intense excitement
and anger did, as a matter of fact, render
me insensible to the feeling of actual pain
as the bear gnawed my left hand, ¦which
was badly torn and perforated with holes,
most of the bones being broken." In an
other case there was no pain, and the pa
tient afterward said that he felt "as If
the bear had simply hold of hla trousers, '
In another case the man's courage failed
him when the bear sat up. His face bones
were smashed and his face lacerated, but
he "did not feel any pain while being
mauled." . t
An Indian sportsman who had killed
many wild beasts thus records his dreams
In the days that followed one particularly
frightful experience. He says: "I well
remember how, in my frightful dreams,
the panther constantly came at me again
and how fiercely I struggled to get my
hands and feet (which I imagined tied)
free, and how ultimately I awoke, bathed
In perspiration, having got rid of my hor
rible nightmare."
Mr. Inverarity says that four men have
been seized by tigers either In his Imme
diate presence or when he was close by.
In one instance this was what happened:
"Ponce came acros3 a man who had been
seized by a man-eater by the nape of the
neck. Strange to say. he recovered. He
was the last of a single file of several vil
lagers, and on the tiger seizing him his
companions turned and drove the tiger off
him. He was insensible and had no Idea
when he came to his senses what had
happened to him."
Mr. Inverarlty, speaking of his personal
experience with a Hon. says: "So large
an animal coming at full speed against
you of course knocks you off your legs.
The claws and teeth entering the flesh do
not hurt as much as you would think.
The only really painful part of the busi
ness Is the squeeze given by the Jaws on
the bone. I felt none of the dreamy stu
por Livingstone describes, but. on the
contrary, felt as usual. I never felt tho
slightest shock."
The lion by which Dr. Livingston* was
attacked crunched the bone of his arm
into splinters and had left eleven teeth
wounds upon It; yet the doctor declare:!
that he had "no sense of pain nor feeling
of terror."
I saw through the dense smoke In which
I was enveloped the form of the lion
standing almost above me. Instinctively
I prepared to kick him off, and finding;
myself, as It seemed, uninjured, I sprang
to my feet with some Idea of clubbing him.
with my rifle, now empty, when I found
he had bolted. I was considerably splash
ed with blood and my hand felt power
less. I was bitten in two places, ons
wound being, as I was Informed, through,
and he had clawed my left elbow, tearing
badly my coat and trousers, evidently by
a blow from his paw. All this occurred
rapidly and I was not conscious of a feel-
Ing of fear or any pain whatever—proba
bly because there was no time— but felt
Just as if I had been bowled over in a
football match, and nothing more,"
be an Insuperable objection, It was said, al
though Protestantism had been one of the
strings upon the Queen's marriage at the
time her partial freedom descended upon
her.
What the Hollanders' thought had nothing
to do with the matter. "I shall marry for
lov» -*nd not for ptate reasons," she repeat-
trothal. The pala banquet never came off
and Wilhelmina's cousin William is still
her <ousln, no more.
He was a jolly boy, but that was as
much aa she would grant. She did not
consider his horsemanship more graceful
than other men's.
"His nose is too long," she complained,
And then in the next breath she would
declare that good looks counted for noth
ing In the choice of a husband.
"She doesn't know her own mind two
minutes In succession," whispered the
family, and the whisper crept to court
circles and on and on until society hid
It behind fans and peasantry clacked It
over milk pails.
"The Queen doesn't know her own
mind. She flirts."
"Take my word for It. she'll never
marry; that kind never does,", prophe
sied an inhabitant of the flat lands.
• Tho^e that play are played with. It's
the punishment she deserves. She'll grow
old and fat and nobody will have her
then."
"But a Queer* never grows too old to
marry," argued another matron of the
flat lands.
"Do you suppose that being a Queen will
keep her young? Her figure is not so good
as my Anna's now and by the time she Is
£? she'll be a fright. Anna digs in the
turnip patch every morning to keep her
weight down, but there's no turnip patch
around the palace for the Queen, poor
thing."
So for want of a turnip patch Wil
helmina continued to employ three maids
at her laces and the result was so suc
cessful that her twenty-one and a half
inch waist continued to excite admiration.
Her leported engagement to 'William of
Wied satisfied the public for a month and
sixteen days and then came a new an
nouncement. The Frankfurter Zeitur.g
gave forth the news in May that Prince
Alexander of Teck was rumored to be the
fortunate man. This whisper was copied
until it became a spoken word and it
grew in volrme from a shout to a roar.
Alexander seemed so probable a choice
that ?ome time was accorded him by the
public and it was not until October that
the papers chose Joachim Albrecht to be
Prince Consort.
Wilfcelmina has not chosen him, though.
She had no more thought of him than of
any of the other?, so far as appears now.
She handled him very much as a cat does
a mouse, and she treated other lovers no
better.
If only the remote public talked, people
would not blame WHhelmina, perhaps.
The public will talk, anyway. But the
jilted lovers have compared notes and .
they have learned the tricks she y^
has played ami th»-y denounce .,^£^S
h<r as a crufi flirt. Jn&Br
".She Unds men on to
trifle with them," -^J^S^S'^
the disgruntled \ fc
THE greatest flirt of all Europe.
Quefn Wilhelmina. has been snared
at last.
She has laid her net for all the
eligible crowns of a continent, and she
has captured most of them. Now she is
to find out herself how the meshes feel.
TVHhelmlna Is a leap year girl. Not that
she Is a brazen miss— don't think it— but
by reason of her queenship she has to do
the proposing. So all the suitors who are
moping within range of her flouts are
waiting, not for the answer, but for the
question.
She has played with every Prince and
Duke that comes her way. She has lured
them on to dare for her, to die for her.
Some were better men and some were
worse for knowing her; at any rate, all
were baffled.
All. until Prince Adolph came along. He
Is Adolph Frederick of MeCklenburg-
Schwcrin. Prince of a long name and an
old one. He knew that all the re»t had
tried and failed, but that was no reason
why he should give up. He wasn't that
kind. Ncr did he set Welhelmlna down
as a heartless wretch because sh*. had
met fire with ice.
"She can't marry everybody Just to be
obliging," he said.
He decided that she had as much heart
as ar.y other girl, and that all she wanted
was the rifht man.
He proved himself correct.
Wilhelmina has for two years been the
reigning Queen of Holland. She was 13
years old when the crown was placed
upon her head and the report thereof
p pread over the world and her pictures
went along' with the story. Everybody
knew that she had come of age and had
been crowned, and they knew just what
she wore and how she looked and how all
the royal family looked, too. But noth
ing was written at that time about all the
fun she was getting ready to have.
"As soon as I come of age, I shall do
what I please," she had threatened a
thousand times when an altercation be
tween her and her mother resulted in a
slammed door and a storm of words flung
against it.
"In a year I shall be my own mistress,"
the cried at IT.
"In a month you will not dare say I
shall wear alpaca instead of silk," she
fumed later.
Then it grtw to be three weeks and then
two, and finally only seven days were left,
when a difference of opinion resulted in
strong expressions from both parties. It
was on this occasion that the Queen told
Wilhelmina she had never had a- graceful
carriage, one really befitting a Queen.
Wilhelmina replied, "Heredity is re
sponsible for so much."
The 31st of August came after plenty of
waiting and the new Queen stepped out
more than ever before the public eye. She
was ready for her good time, and she be
ga.n it as soon as the tiresome ceremonies
were over. She flirted, it is said, on her
way home from the coronation, and she
has kept it up ever since.
In August, '58, she was proclaimed
Queen. During the fall and winter fol
lowing court gossips were kept buzzing
like a hive of bees, as the young Queer
beckoned here with a fan, tethered there
¦with a smile. Now and then came a
lull In her coquetries, long enough for
the talk to shift to the wasplness of /
her waist, but It was no more than 1
discovered that she required three //
maids to perform a tug of war / /..
upon her laces, when presto, she /hi
was ofE aeain upon some new f '/¦ '-
conquest that must be public- < /y
ly attended to. I (*""'' %.
In April of the following // - %
j ear the fickle young lady / )
was announced engaged. / Y ' .-«
Not officially, but "on ex- / V*.
cellent authority." The /
telegrams from Berlin f V|
eped over the civilized / Vj
globe, shouting as they / \
ran that Queen Wil- /
Vit-lmlna of the Moth- / — T~~~"^^— ""
c-rlands was to be
married to Prince
William of Wied.
end that a gala
banquet was soon
to be given an
rouncing the be- .
Last summer came the report of her
betrothal to Prince Adolph Frederick of
Mecklenburg-Schwerln. At first this was
thought to bo only another of her treach
eries. But the announcement la now made
positive by the formalities that only a
European can appreciate, and the world
knows that "Wllhelmlna, girl Queen of
N the Netherlands. Is to marry the
young Prince of the Wends, son of
m the only reigning family of Sla
f vonJc origin. She Is to unite the
\ house of Orange with that whose
I table of Grand Dukes began with
Klklot, and has been paraded
down twenty-five generations,
afew After a two years' record
jEpBk as the maddest, merriest flirt
jMrara^ cf all royalty, sho haa
[3nJsffA laughed In the faces of a
6f4i$9|| Frederick of Pru??ia, Xico-
Sffljm'jy las of Greece. Alfred of
SSI Saxe-Coburg, Adolph of
rH«|h Schaumberg Llppe, Max of
Vm^ Baden, Eugene of
J&[ t*MT- Sweden and half
i(^^EK^^«[^^^ cTs ~ sheha 3
¦iiiNffB^^Bj^^^jBBH shown that
mfn may
K^f both live for
JPaSr ner and dle
WEa^^^a^y tor her in
mBS^S&S^SrZ^S^ vain.
WmffiT Stl11 anoth
fggr er way must
Wg ~ have been found
B / by Prlnce Adolph.
iytra&lS * What was It?
Possibly she had her bad quarter of an
hour. . But If she felt the least twinge of
remorse she showed no sign. As blandly
plump as ever she smiled on. Her en
gagement had been announced and she
apparently had no time to think of a man
who was stupid enough to die for love.
Did she care?
she played beyond his endurance. He
grew morbid, desperate. Health of mind
and body failed him, and he died.
ed. She had said It ever since she was
a youngster. "I don't love him," she
said of the Duke of Abruzzl.
Prince Bernard Henry of
Saxe-Welmar died for her.
He was her cousin. He had
loved her ever since he was a
little boy and had been per
mitted to play with her when
he was good, and had been re
stricted to smiling: at ber
across many terraces when he
was bad.
He had big, dark eyes and
they were always melancholy
— full of the sadness and mys
tery of the Rhine stories and
the castlo legends and the for
est myths. His, story was as
romantic as any of these.
He loved a royal maiden
when he was a boy and she a
girl. He grew up with the love
and never swerved from It.
When he became a man he
told Wllhelmina of it, and she
pave hope without promise.
He knew a short happiness
followed by despair. The girl
played with his affections, and
WILHELMINA OF HOLLAND
THE ROYAL COQUETTE AND HER LOVER
THE SUNDAY CALIr.
9
en fair to see. Beware, beware," one of
them sings.
"Trust her not; she is fooling
thee," chants the chorus.
The Duke of Abruzzi was one
that could not- be fooled with, peo
ple said. He was none of your
drawing-room ornaments, none of
your figurehead officers, they ex
plained. He was a real man, who
did not depend upon his title for
distinction. His love for the girl
Queen brought out all the man in
him.
She has always said that sho
should marry for love, and that she
could never love a toy man. And
for this the young Duke of Abruzzl
plowed his way through Arctia
snows farther than any had pene
trated before, and came back lack-
Ing three fingers and possessing a
record that nobody could match.
He had risked all to win her favor,
and when he returned a hero for
her sake she laughed and cast him
away.
Hollanders could hardly believe
this at first. They like the Duke of
Abruzzl and they could not see why
their Queen should not. He was
the bravest of all her suitors, and
he was an Italian besides, which
pleased them, not that they loved
Italy more, but Germany less, and
they have always dreaded »
German alliance and a re
suiting absorption into *j -^mJ
;he German empire. ;»::;^;
Even the Roman ./. . , -^
religion of the /A'- y - '¦ '¦ '• ' ¦ //&
Duke need not ': I W 1Lord Raylelgh. In discussing our ability
to tell the direction from which scun>i
proceeds, calls attention to an Interesting
difference between th3 eyes and the ear3
with regard to the size of tho waves that
strike them. The average wave-lengih
of light is about one-ten-thousandth of
the diameter of the pupil of the eye. On
the other hand, "the waves ct sound Is
suing from a man's mouth," says Lord
Rayleigh. "are about eight feet Ions.
whereas the diameter of the passage of
the ear Is quite small, and could not well
have been made a large multiple of eight
feet." Ono consequence of the minute
ness of light-waves In comparison with
the size of the eyes Is that the lenses ot
the eyes are able to concentrate rays ot
light upon the retina with great effi
ciency.
The great trouble with . most - girls pos
sessed of some voice and much yearning
a basis of action— or rather, of inaction— I
know by past experience, so probably the
next -best thing for me to* do* Is to point
out the dangers and. the dlfflcutlies which
mark the hard road to success, and In so
far as one may show how they may be
avoided or overcome.
yonng women wno nave ifood voices and
who wish me to advise them as to the
best way in which they can advance
themselves as professional singers. To
most of them who think of attempting
the interpretation of opera roles as a ca
reer I should proffer /Punch's advice—
"Don't." '
That the advice Will not be accepted aa
the operatic stage.
I have dwelt so far only on the teachers
of singing. But voice alone would be of
little value to the young student for op
eratic honors. A national conservatory
that would hi of any use to beginners In
the field of music would have to Include
in its staff of teachers not only professors
who knew thoroughly the . voice and Its
proper care but those who, could also Im
part a knowledge of dramatic action,
stage deportment and operatic traditions.
I had almost forgotten the study of lan
guages. Now that it has become" the cus
tom, especially in this country and in
England, to t-ing all the master works of
the great composers In the languages In
which they were written, a proper knowl
edge of French, Italian and German is
almost as essential as a knowledge of
music and voice culture.
X am constantly receiving letters from
The teacher of the Conservatoire pupil
is always known after they make their
debuts. If they are praised, that means
so many more private pupils for this par
ticular professor. So that they can eas'ly
afford to use all the red tape necessaiy
and maneuver to get the places there in
a way that artists who have made a rep
utation for themselves would . never con
sent to do. The result of this is absence
from the staff of teachers of any singer
who has achieved any sort of success on
Conservatoire Is a very small return of
¦what their positions there give. They de
rive a prestige from ' the fact that they
are professors there, and every pupil who
makes a success helps them to gain more
outside of the Conservatoire.
Still, there Is an answer to my. discour
agement in"- the ¦ circumstance that others
have succeeded; and that among the suc
cessful ones "who are now reaping the
bright reward which art reserves for the
patient few are a number of prima donnas
of American birth. \ - The ambitious girl
will -surely confute any attempt at .dis
couragement by pointing to the fact' that
a majority of the principal sopranos of
the Maurice ;Qrau Opera Company axe
American artists. *-¦<**• » v
And much : experience with many girls
who would become prima donnas — very,
sad and disappointing experiences some
times—has taught trie that there are only
a few, a very few, rfho possess the char
acter, and the equipment for the grim no
vitiate of art. . -
Where vanity, self-consideration, friv
olity and fickleness of intent rule there is
left no place for that settled, dogged de
termination, that fixity of purpose, that
stern sense of personal responsibility, that
willingness to sacrifice every possible con
sideration of self and self-enjoyment\ to
Inflexible industry, without which voice,
beauty and grace of whatever degree of
perfection . can never bring the aspirant
to the coveted goal— success.
for a prima conna'n career, nonors and
rewards lies in their. vanity and in their
total lack of fixed purpose and indefatiga
ble industry. Success as a singer does not
come easily, yet a great majority of young
women who have discovered vocal possi
bilities among their personal endowments
seem consumed with % the idea that all
they need • is an opportunity to blossom
forth to an admiring world as successors
to Patti. Injudicious praise and flattery,
the compliments of persons who know ab
solutely .nothing of the requirements of
art, are too often accepted by vain and,
frivolous young aspirants for fame as
gems of purest ray from the very bottom
of the well of truth.
The King, who possesses in fullest meas
ure the politeness expected of princes, was
more punctual at the first sitting than the
artist. When Zorn. a little late, was ush
ered into the royal presence he discovered
at once that the King was in uniform. '
"Why," he exclaimed unhesitatingly In
pretty much the same tone he had used
to the chamberlain, "I said I didn't want
to paint your Majesty in uniform!"
"I Heard nothing about It," declared the
King, with a glance of surprise at ihe
indiscreet artist.
"Well, well well!" muttered Zorn while
he put his easel In order. "But then I'll
tell your Majesty something. If I have
to paint your Majesty In uniform I shall
have to charge my large price."
"How much is that?" Inquired the royal
customer.
"It Is 25.000 francs, your Majesty." ex
plained Zorn. "But If your Majesty will
change clothes I'll only charge my small
price, which Is 10,000 francs."
"Well." mused the King, trying to look
very serious, "that's a very big sum
l»»O0Q traces. Why. my dear Zorn. I'll tell
When the portrait which now adorns
the Swedish Pavilion in Paris was finished
King Oscar was so pleased with It that
he sent one of h!s chamberlains to Zorn
with the message that he wanted the art
ist to go to work at once on a bust por
trait of smaller s'j:e/
"Yes," answered Zorn, In his usual
shrill casal tone, looking anything tut
pleasant. "'Yes, yes— all right! But tell
his Majesty that I don't want to paint him
in uniform. I 'don't want it. and I am not
going to do it. Will you be sure to tell
his Majesty that?"
"Yes." replied the chamberlain, with a
smile, and then he returned to the castle
and told the King that Zorn was over
joyed by the honor shown him and would
be happy to begin work on the new por
trait at a stated date and hour.
3 HE most conspicuous object In the
Swedish Pavilion at tb> Paris Ex-
ii position is a splendid full-figure por-
tralt of King Oscar II, painted in oil by
Anders Zorn. the artist, whose work was
so popular in this country durins and after
the World's Fair. It has been widely re-
produced as the latest portrait of the
popular monarch. There Is a later one by
the same artist, however, and an amus-
ing story is told concerning it.
you what I'll do—I think I shall have to
change clothes."
The King retired to his private apart
ments for a short time, and when he ap
reared again to resume the sitting he was
dressed as a private citizen. The portrait
was finished in eleven or twelve sittings,
for Zorn works very quickly. To keep the
King entertained during those trying
hours a member of his suite. Court
Councilor Boettiger. read aloud to him
out of the two volumes of poetry which
King Oscar has published. Every now
and then the old councilor paused as 1*
overawed by the beauty of the poetry—
and the King's poetry Is far from bad. to
say the least. t ; "- :
"But that line is wonderful." he would
exrlalrc. -It Is, indeed, a line worthy of
a monarch and a. poet!"
"r>on't you exaggerate a little now, my
dear Boettlger?" the King would suggest,
looking plea3fd in spite of h!a- efforts t«
appear incHfttrent. On one of these no
caslnns the Incorrigible painter suddenlj
looked up from his work.
"What's tfcat?" he broke in. "Who
¦wrote thatr*
"Mr. Zorn," the councilor expostulated
In horror-stricken voice, 'this Is his Ma
jesty's own poetry t am reading.**
* "Well. well. wellT Dtd our Majesty
really write I hat?" the painter remarked,
unabashed. "That is rather nice. I must
say."
"Whether tht old Kins took the remark
as a compliment In a rough form or re
garded it as the utterance of a spoiled
child, he onlv smiled and did not reply.
An A^st who dw Not tfte a ftfnS's
Po^'r-y and WoUTd {Sot Paint
F^TS por-tr-art ti-| UrvFor-rp."-
«. national conservatory established on
proper lines would do a great deal for the
young aspirant for vocal honors In assist
ing 'her to iind out definitely what line of
professional work she Is best equipped to
undertake. It is a gradual process— this
finding out. The singer learns her points
of strength and weakness as she pro
gresses in her studies. It is at this criti
cal stage of her career that a good teacher
can be of great value in guiding her steps.
Physique, temperament, health, dramatic
instinct— all these must be regarded in
choosing one's special line of work as well
as vocal equipment and inclination.
I can easily' illustrate this from my own
experience. When I went abroad to study
I tried my veryVbest to take up my work
dare not for a minute stop to enjoy 'what
she has already won. She must strive
always, ever going forward and upward
toward the goal of perfection, or she will
inevitably go backward and downward
with constantly increasing momentum.
If I have said discouraging things about
this novitiate of a singer's art It is only
because I want to Impress on the young
aspirant the fact that to be successful she
must persevere and work, work, always
work. I do not want to discourage any
girl if she has the natural equipment and
the proper spirit to undertake an artlstlo
career. And if she has the equipment and
the spirit I could not discourage her it X
tried ever so hard.
LILLIAN NORDICA.
witn a mind entirely to snch lates
choice of specialty as developing condi
tions should leave open to me. I wanted
to become a prima donna of the opera, of
course, but I resolved from the very first
that If experience should demonstrate tho
impossibility of fulfillment of that ambi
tion I would willingly and cheerfully turn
my entire energies into whatever other
channel my equipment seemed best adapt
ed to suit. I would become an oratorio
or a concert singer if I found that I was
better adapted for one of these profes
sions than for the hard and longed for
line of work first chosen. I resolved—
and I adhered to these resolves through,
all the long, dull, hard years of prepara
tory work— that if I were obliged to turn
to oratorio or the concert platform I
would work just as hard and Just as per
sistently to perfect myself for either as
I would in case my operatic ambition
turned out to be not entirely unjustified.
That is just the first part of the road
which every singer must travel toward
success. It is the discipline of the soul,
of the mind, and the rewards of It come,
but after long waiting, if at all. And even
after success has been achieved there i3
still mere hard work ahead. T,he acquisi
tion of new roles, the constant study to
retain them all when one has already
memorized many roles; the earnest desira
of every true artist to broaden and per
fect her conception of every part in her
repertory, to constantly improve her ex
ecution and dramatic Interpretation — these
are seme of the necessities not to be for
gotten, neglected or set aside even after
success and fame have come to reward
the long and arduous struggle of prep
aration. The prima donna dare not for a
single moment rest upon her laurels. Sh»
But artists who are proud of what they
Vi.-i- done in their careers would never
be willing to go through the amount of
wire-pulling and ceremony necessary to
pet those places. They would not stoop
to It. So the result Is that those In the
various departments are there more be
cause they are willing to do these things,
nnd, moreover, to accept, the small pay
which the Government offers. The pro
fessors receive a cum which amounts In
French money to about $23 a month. Im
agine a person willing to accept so little,
even though his services are required
only three times a week for a few, hours!
Thr- compensation th*y receive e.t the
Some of them can teach finging. But
the Instructors In the Conservatoire
should be the great singers who have had
their careers and, above all. are able to
give young students who want to learn
how to sing on the stage the benefit of
their own experience.
I. have seen a great deal of the work
ings of the Paris Conservatory, and I wish
I had Influence enough to undertake a re
formation of certain abuses that exist in
that institution to-day. It Is absurd to
think that of all the professors in the
Conservatoire, a very small percentage of
them have ever been on the stage. None
of the teachers of singing there has ever
made a success in opera or had any expe
rience that would qualify him to teach
singers what they should do in order to
prepare themselves for the operatic s>tag<-.
But before the finishing process is neces
sary, the linger must have gained abso
lute mastery of all the muscles of the
throat, tongue and chest which produce
and control the tones. The young stu
dent must have so studied and practiced
these muscleii that he or she can depend
upon them as certainly as up«yi the ear
for absolute accuracy of tone production.
A good singer must be ablo to "feel" a
tone as well as to hear It. This can only
be gained by an infinity of toll and pains,
and then the singer need never bother
about the size or shape of the room she
pir.gs in. She will know absolutely her
tones, however they may return to her
distorted by poor acoustics of the theater
or concert-room.
The "finishing" of a voiw— the educa
tion In facility and brilliancy of execution
— would have to be left to whatever teach
er is moft proficient in the handling of
the type of organ which the student has
developed under the first teachers.
To have a voice wrongly posed Is a mis
fortune which is almost a tragedy, so dif
ficult is the correction of the basic error.
To have the voice correctly posed in the
beginning makes the subsequent acquisi
tion of range, volume, style and brilliancy
matters only of constant work.
Uut there are good teachers in America
— excellent ones; I do not know them, but
pome of the young voices I haye heard In
American cities are excellently posed, and
showed the effects of completeness and
conscientious instruction.
I do not know many American teachers
who could be secured for the conserva
tory. 1 have in mind, and I know but few
in Europe whom I would care to recom
mend for this most vital foundation work
cf voice culture. To pose a voice, one
must be equipped with knowledge, expe
rience and temperament to start the
young students aright and to teach them
all the mysteries of the voice and the
thousar.d delicate muscles and vibratory
chords which control it.
But this is not enough. America has
r.ot reached the stapo where it can afford
to have a Minister of Fine Arts, and
therefore it is almost useless to hone for
e conservatory of music endowed by the
Government. Still, however. It seems to
me that in lieu of an official subsidy a suf
ficient amount of money could be raised
by private subscription to assure the
fuccess of the enterprise. There is no
country that spends more money for mu-
Fic than America does, but it requires the
best. AVhcn you consider the fact that
the subscription for the last season of
grand opera in New York amounted to
nearly SiiX'.OOO. it would seem that a num
ber of wealthy and public spirited citizens
could cas'.ly band themstJves to found a
school of music worthy of the name-
It would take a volume to enumerate
all the benefits of a good conservatory of
music. The greatest obstacle in my mind
in carrying cut such en enterprise to a
successful iff'Je would be in securing a
staff of efficient teachers. These would
rave to be selected with the greatest care.
for upon thtlr intelligence, honesty and
careful individual guidance everything de
pends. The prerequisite to any vocal de
velopment is the "posing" of the voice,
and that is the most essential thing to the
young aspirant for vocal honors.
It is for this reason that I have always
advocated the foundation of a national
conservatory of music in this country. Of
course, I thoroughly realize all the obsta
cles that present themselves in organiz
ing an institution that would compare fa
vorably with some of the European con
servatories. Mrs. Jeanette Thurber has
done some pood work in this direction.
and the school she founded in Xew York
has even received official recognition from*
the American Government.
NOWADAYS an exacting public asks
. much from singers. Not only tltet
they should have a fise voice, but
also that they should bring brains
behind the voice to carry it en, to sup
port it, to round the career of the artist.
Indeed, we have come to this, that pure
intelligence and fine, sensitive, dramatic
capacity sometimes go for more than the
grandest voice treated merely as a ve'ee.
THE' SUNDAY CALL.
10
NORDICA
AND A
NATIONAL
CONSERVATORYwhispered praises conflded repardir? the
gowns, Jenkins made a discovery. After
trying repeatedly to have a word with
Carrie Scott alone and bolcg ever con
fronted by her patronizing escort ( ln th,;
person of young Harrison the ardent Ro
meo began to realize that his rival' could
not be too -avish«.ln his attentions to
please the fair recipient and the disap
pointed lover made his way out oT the
church Into the open air.
He never knew how tar he walked that
night, but by tho time he returned to his
room he had determined upon a course of
action. He must go away. His young
blood, his Impulsive r.ature. his intense
love, all made It irn:)os?lb!e for him
calmly to settle down to study. He had
heard of the discoverv cf go.d in Cali
fornia only n few weeks before and he de
cided to cross the p'.alr.s with the other
fortune-hunters.
••Perhaps so far frcra her I can forget. '
he thought.
But ,he never forgot.
Then Je-klns becan mining on Trinity
The great love In his heart prompted
» him to return to the girl whose . favor
meant more to him than his life. After a
covple cf years he yielded to the Impulse
to look into her eyes and read what was
written there, and he returned to Ox
ford.
The old ?cen?s could not brmg anything
to his heart that was not already there.
Across the street from the academy—
whfch . was her Alma Mater— was the
famillfTr hcuse where she lived. It was
a generous two-atory frame house of
ihe style so often seen fifty y*ars ago.
The house stood close to the pavement,
and waa separated from the academy by
a large yard. The hou^e was locked, and
there was no response to the knocker.
"They mu«t be out of town." he
thought. "Til "ust ilrop in and see her
dearest friend. Sally Molyneaux, and
learn more cf this."
It was not necessary for him to ca.ll
upon Miss Molyneaux to learn the worst.
We never have to go out cf our way to
hear news that is meant to wound us.
There Is always some one ready to deal
THE ROMANCE BEN JENKINS
mcnt exercises, he comforted himself by
thinking he might see more 'of her later
on. The night of the academic exercises
finally arrived and proved o-e never tp
be forgotten by Ben Jenkins. The old
Presbyterian church was always chosen
for these occasions. Friends and flowers
crowded the church and electrified its
somber Interior. There were a number
of charming girl graduates In fresh
white muslin and fluttering hearts and
ribbons, but the Romeo cou!d see but one.
When Carrie Scott stepped forward to re
ceive her diploma she seemed to him a
vision of loveliness. She wore her dainty
white gown with girlish simplicity and a
letlcent little smile that was cnarrolnff.
A huge red rose held her da -k curls In
place and added an artistic tuch to the
quaint picture.
i-Xor was Jenkins the only one In the au
clence who enjoyed ner beauty/ In addi
tion to the hosts of friends with whom
she" was a universal favorite there was
young Benjamin Harrison gazl.ig fondly
at his promised wife and emillng as he
. "- .
thought how little the others knew his
secret. ... • . t
But actions told Ben Jenkins more than
words had,dacfid unfold. During tho re..
ception which followed the exercises,
when congratulations were being tendered
the demure little malda, when "O-o-ohs!"
were being said about the flowers and
River. The old saylngr. "Unlucky In love,
lucky at cards." proved a true one in his
case, and in only a few months he had
$20,000.
- ----- — - «•**?-: — »¦
After that first call he found himself
trying- to remember every word that the
beautiful Cr.rolir.e had said and manufac
turing excuses that would take him to tho
house. He recognized the symptoms and
knew that he was In love. Miss Scott also
knew before many days had elapsed and
with all her tact and grace she avoided
the subject. Jenkins was as impulsive ass
Mi?s Scott was reserved and he pressed
his suit with all the Intensity of his love.
The more childlike simplicity she dis
played in attempting to convince her
adorer that ehe was unworthy of bo great
a love so much more did he love her.
But her heart had not been stirred.
Benjamin Harrison, then a youth of IS,
also entered Miami University, bringing
v.ith him so good a record from his for
mer school (Farmer's College) that he
was permitted to enter the iunior class.
He was a quiet, diligent plodder and did
everything well — except composition.
Whenever he had a compositlo . to write
Ben JcnKins' classmates gathered about
him one <Jay on the campus, and chal
1< r.K<-<i him:
"Ycu dare not," they said, "pay courtly
r< ¦;«¦• ti to the 'unapproachable'— Carolina
Scott:-
He accepted the challenge and, after
five vee&a °* diplomatic thought and ac
tion, he could have been seen ensconced
In one of Mrs. Scott's comfortable cre
tcr.no-covered rockins-chalrs in her
cheery f!tt!rg-room cracking nuts for tho
j>retty Puritan. Trtiile her mother dis
creetly wrote letters on the other side of
the spacJous rooa-viA-1
The young gallant paused between the
deferential compliments he paid Miss
Scctt to picture to himself his triumph
ovrr his classmates on the following day
end his exultant spirit knew no bounds.
B<*n Jenkins was popular with the
Miami FtuOent* and over a leader. They
admired iiie brilliancy of Intellect and
his ¦ senf-rous. warm-hearted cordiality.
¦Tiier*; wts a serious *'.de to his nature.
a strop.? ride, which they respected.
The political ttcllns in the college was
vi ry Btronc s * that time and JZ>r. Scott,
the fdurht aft»r professor, was a rabid
Abolition!?*, lion Jenkins was a Demo
crat, and opposed to Abolition. He had
the courage of his convictions and had
r.o Intention cf changing them— not even
to pNa?c ihe professor. It was well
knov.n also that the beautiful Carolina
Scott sympathized strongly with her
f. -u her and would not allow a Democrat
to Le presented to her.
N'iw, such a p'an involved much self
¦«iIt.' nation en tli»» part of each student
T.ho strove to establish a record for pood
conduct. Rules had to be obeyed. Ex
ultant scheme? for triumphal self-g^vern
ment had to be suppressed, "the, faculty
must net be overthrown, and just for thi
coke cf a little fun they must not set
lire to the college buildings, for was not
John TV*. Scott a. professor, and was not
hi- irresistibly daughter worth
ttrvgglicg to meet?
I say "struggling" because the profes
sor «e*mrrj to have such exasperated
1 \»a* of good conduct and the young men
roch an *-xa serrated degree of life and
enthusiasm that It was no ea5y matter
i"T then to assimilate. In spite of the
boys' good intentions, there were occa-
Fional oulburyts of la-wh-ssr.ess which did
not ktv« to endear them to jroodJ^olJ
Doctor Scott or give them entre to his
crawi.iB room.
-o-cay and that the academy 'was one
ot vita! interest to the college boys.
Among the bevy of demure, little Puri
tanic maidens, the professor's daughter,
beautiful Caroline Scott, was the most
scupht after. She was "queen rose of
The roprbud garden of girls." Those who
r<-m<-mbpr her remember that she was a
bright, black-eyed girl, witty and attrac
tive. To say she was attractive to the
<"'::^ge bey? was putting St mildly. But
the was unapproachable. The only thing
for th* enthusiastic admirers to do was
to cultivate the professor, and by win
rir.fr his favor get themselves asked to his
hone.
, It fs needless to say that fifty years
I'gi yn'jrg mon wore every bit as ?u«*
"« rpt'bie to feminine charms as they are
fympatfcet'.c helpfulness made her bus
bond an honored President of the United
States. {Tor it was Benjamin Harrison
who v;rn Miss Caroline Scott and succeed
ed, while hin rival, with as glowing pros
pects in tarty manhood, lost his suit;
and. aritta that loss, the fire of ambition
le't him, the glowing coals died out while
he lived en.
The rivals were equipped for life in
the ssse college — Miami University at
Oxford. Ohio — early in the fifties. John
W. Scott had a professional role In the
university a:id was also manager and
president cf a young ladles' academy in
the town of Oxforii.
He did not make the mark In the world
entitled him. but If his great love was so
much stronger than his other ambitions
we can only pity the helplessness of the
situation. . xV Inver whose devotion goes
on unchansin* for over half a century has
a fidelity In his character which, had It
bfen otherwise directed, might have been
of great service to the world.
Every ray of brightness faded out of his
life, and with it vanished every hope and
ambition for the great future of a great
can. Again he crossed the plains to work
and forget in California, Ever restless,
he turned to otner goldflelds and scenes.
Fortune followed and smiled again, but
what did he care for gold? Only that it
might contribute to the pleasure of others
Therefore, the generosity of this great
heart permitted those about him to enjoy
life In his stead. He found an artificial
glow, however. In his wines, and, as he
went on toward the afternoon of life, he
cared little for consequences and looked
for solace In his cups.
A lonely little wayside inn was finally
selected by Ben Jenkins as a resting place
In his old ase. Few people came along
that quiet road and he could easily do the
honors of host and act as chef as well.
The busy little town of Redding was
shocked a few days a^o. however, by the
arrival of a courier who said that old
Ben Jenkins had b<»*n found dead In his
brrt on the mnrninsr of October 12.
So. the llvlr.s death is over and the
tragedy of one more life Is finished. This
Romeo was brave enough to live and face
despair, which require* Infinitely more
courage than to die and *»nd it all. Ben
Jenkins lived on as rwst he could "to see
the came out." na he exprrssed It. and
looked on Indifferently to the close. -
Few people will ever know what Ben
Jenkins suffered. These who can under
stand deserve much pity, for such natures
must have the same capacity for pain
themselves.
"The hearts of some women, like leaves.
arc stirred by every breath of love which
reaches them, and then are still again;
other hearts, like the waves of the ocean,
are moved only by the force of a stojin
and are not so easily lulled to rest."
And he knew that she belonged to this
latter class.
Once alone, he Installed himself In a
room in the little tavern and read the
particulars about Cnrrle Scott's marriaco
to h!s rival. He read that the wedding
was a very quiet one, attended by. only
a few intimate friends of noth families.
The Harrison family had com? up from
North Bend for the occasion, with tho
exception of the widow of General Wtl-
Hara Henry Harrison, she beir.s too feeble
at the time to take the journey. The
ceremony had been performed by the
bride's father in her own home. The
newspaper' article described the couple
standing In ono co-ner of the spacious
parlor, the bride attired in a soft gray
traveling suit and the groom in bfack.
He read further that they had gone for a
little trip, which wou.d Include the old
Harrison homestead at North Bend, and
that later they would begin their new Ufa
at Indianapolis, where Benjamin Harri
son intended to build up a law practice.
Jenkins knew that ' his rival had grad
uated in June of 1=32 and left the town to
finish his law cours?. Then Carrie Scott
must certainly have Joved him to have
waited nearly a year and a half for him
to return and take her as a helpmeet, be
ginning life as they were obliged to with
many privations.
"Did you know that Carrie Scott wa3
married? Oh. yes: yes indeed— married
last w«k to Benjamin Harrison. Sur
prised everybody. 1 guess, except . the
tamiiy. They'd been countln' on it a
good vftlle. but never said a word,
btrange you didn't know about it. though.
You . were always pretty close to th©
throne. Now. weren't you? Do you know.
Jenkins, I always felt dead certain you
iwo would make a match. I'm a pretty
close observer myself, and think I have
pretty good reason to believe you think
your eyes of her. Now. on the square.
Jenkins, isn't It a bad case with you? OC
course, do as you like about telling m«.
You may think it's none of my business,
but really I take a great interest la your
affairs, and would like to be on the In
side. Oh, of course, if you feet proud
tplrJted about It I don't care much one
way or the other. It's a matter of no
consequence. Here's a paper with an.
account of the wedding. You may take
it and look it over. I read it while I waa
waiting for the stage to come In."
How Een Jenkins disposed of his In
formant he never fully remembered. This
much he could recall — thai, stunned a*
lie was by the. shock, his pride came to
the rescue, enabling him to carry on an
intelligible ccnversatioa on other topic*
fcr several moments, until he could net
away without leaving the impression that
he had received a. deathblow.
Jenkins remarked that he had been out
of the world. wUereupon his acquaintance
planted his lank frame against a gate
post and squinted his small eyes know
ingly, while his bony fingers traced a
plan of campaign on the seams of hid
pocket linings. Then he smiled apologet
ically end began the attack.
trie Ciusuing mow "merely for our own
food." But our heart-renuing Informants
uv not add that incidentally they like tu
v.atch ttie efxect ana tncreby gratify their
curiosity. It was especially true in mis
lnstiii.ee. Before Jenkins nad gone live
sieyjj he heard a fivmiiar voice behind
inn..* a.utl turned around to greet an old
;uj»iLiainiance. who seemed wonderfully in
<trested in sseingr him. and exclaimed:
"How are you, aayway, Jenkins? Seems
good to icfl you back, i caught a glimpse
of you when the stage got in, but couldn't
overtake you until now. Where have you
been? • * * humph! • * • Want ti>
.:nov;7 YtB, I believe I did hear aorne
•Jdng about it, but no particulars. 'Spose
juu ve heard the news':"
THE SUNDAY CALL.
N'OTHER Romeo has met his
: j! \\ death— a lover vrhom Shakespeare
(mold iiave been proud to Immor
talize because of greatness of
heart, brilliancy of Intellect,- and more
.than all. faithful devotion to the woman
Jovcd aud lost. Such a. character had old
Ben Jenkins, a rollicking character of 72
yours,, who kept a little wayside inn on
Reid's: toll road, twenty-five mlies from
licCdir.p , Oil.
fie lived and died alone — every one dies
alone. But would not death's last pangs
h- nreeter with bobm worthy soul near
>>y whose gentle touch and words of sym
pathy would give comfort to the last?
Ben Jenkins believed it— he knew it— none
*o well. His effort to win the object of
l-.is love Is axi- evidcr.ee -that he v.antei
companionship, and, although h<? tailed
Jn . this, he was unchar.ffing. Hii- lavor
tlon did not waver to the last.
Yet he lovea wisely — this impetuous Ilo
tneo. The woman he chose from all the
*crld as his Ideal was the one whose
inspiration, strerurth of character and
he Invariably persuaded the faculty to
ask for a speech Instead. There was a
debating' society in the little town of Ox
ford and in ihe debates the cpmlng states I
man Invariably distinguished himself. I
Then he met Miss Scott, whose swfot
womanliness and intellectuality personi
fied his ideals: He loved Carrie Scott ar.d
won her love and subsequently her prom
ise to be hi? helpmeet. He told no one.
but studied more earnestly than ever
toward bis graduation.
Meanwhile Ben Jenkins still loved, but
from a distance. When he tried to spend
an hour with the giri he usually fount)
ht-r absorbed either In her st-dles or her
thoughts— he scarcely knew which; but,
because of her approaching commenco
i
11THE SUNDAY CAX.IL,.
12PRICE FIVE CENTS.
Continued on Page Fourteen.
Parade of Bough Riders.
MILWAUKEE, Wls., Nov. 3.— Senator
We counsel all our workers to see that the
election is carried on In a fair and orderly
manner. At the fame time we Insist that you
Ehall «tand up for your rights. Have nervy and
determined watchmen at every polling place to
j*e that no illegal votes are cast; to see that
every man votes who has the right to do so,
and to eee that there Is an honest count. Be
ready to maintain your rights. All weask is
Tho People's party expects every one of Its
m*mb*rs to do his duty. The National Com
mittee hM made e\rry effort In Its * power and
the rwi>onsib!llty r.ow rwts with the precinct
conimltt(*men and the Individual voters. We
request all our people to cant their x-otcs before
noon, so that In the afternoon they can get
the laggard voters to the polls and look out for
fraud.
National Committee's Statement Ap
peals to the Party.
LINCOLN, Ncbr., Nov. 3.-The officers
cf the Populist National Committee to
night gave out the following forecast on
Tuesday's election:
FORECAST 'OF POPULISTS.
CHICAGO, Nov. 3.— The campaign In
Illinois closed to-night with the Repub
licans a little more confident than the
Democrats, . but the latter havo made a
great fight, particularly in Chicago, and
have hopes of carrying the city by a suf
ficient majority to overcome the Repub
lican vote in the State. The Republicans,
however, they are not " at all
anxious, even as to Chicago, thW. poll
showing that a considerable majority at
the voters will support their State and
national tickets,. The chairman of the Re
publican State Central Committee said
McKlnlcy would eet at least 75,000 major
ity in Illinois. The chairman of the Dem
ocratic committee isaid he had little doubt
that Bryan and the Democratic State
ticket would receive a substantial ma
jority.
headquarters, and John W. Kern, candi
date for Governor, who has been In every
county in the State, says Indiana Is safe
ly Democratic by from 10.000 to 20,000, with
the national ticket running about the
same. ¦¦; %:/.
NEW TORK. Nov. 3.— Benjamin
B. O<3<=51. chairman of the Re
publican State Committee and
Republican candidate for Gov
ernor, in speaking of the situa
tion in the State at the Republican State
headquarters to-day, s.iid:
"The Republicans have received up to
to-day reports which indicate a much
larger plurality than my former estimate
of 1C«0,000. Take, for example, Kiie Coun
ty. Tho Republicans of Erie County say
they will get 10,000 plurality there! Now.
I do not claim anything approaching that,
as I make allowance for enthusiasm.
After considering all the reports and tak
ing a conservative estimate of them I feol
confident In assorting that my claim of
100.000 plurality for the ticket still holds
sood. Chairman McGuire of the Demo
cratic State Committee has stated that
McKinley will not come to the Bronx with
60.000 plurality. This statement is ridicu
lous. I state now that every county up
the Stal*> with the exception of Schoharie
irfll b« Republican- In making this state
ment I feel confident that I have under
estimated rather than overestimated the
rtrength of the Republican vote in New
"York State."
Executive Chairman James K. McGulre
c* the Democratic State Committee
rlaims that Bryan will carry the State of
New York by a plurality of 50.009.
PHILADELPHIA, Nov. 3.— The cam
paign in Pennsylvania closed with the re
sult In tio doubt as to the success of the
Republican Electors. Although the Dem
ocrats confidently claim that they will
conFidera.'oly reduce the McKinley plural
ity of four years ago of nearly 200,000, the
Republican leaders assert that it will be
as much, if not more. *
INDIANAPOLIS. Nov. 3.— Indiana Re
publicans nre claiming a landslide for Mc-
Kinley and are boasting that they will
elect eleven out of the thirteen Congress
men. This estimate concedes only the
Second and Third districts to the Demo
crats. Senator Beveridge says Indiana. 1b
Republican by 40,000. The Democrats ex
prtss themselves as confident at State
CHICAGO. Nov. 3.— Henry C. Payne, chairman of the executive committee of the National Republican Commifcjee. fur
nished to the Associated Press to-night the following statement, giving "the outlook fpr Tuesday from the Republican
standpoint: "Our latest, advices from New York are conclusive that the State will give a large majority for McKinley.
Local conditions in Greater New York, better known to the country, will Increase Mr. Bryan's vote In the metropolis, but
we believe that a majority for McKlnTey in the State is a most conservativoiestlmate. Lately there has been some ques
tion as to the result in Maryland. -Mr. Bryan's visit to that State proved injurious to his cause, and there has been In
the last three weeks a great revival of feeling among sound money Democrats, and especially in Baltimore which pre
sages a majority for McKinley of between SOOO and 10,000.
"As to Ohio, while there will be some losses in Cuyahoga County and in Cleveland, and perhaps one or two large cities,
this will be made up in the rural dlstrcts of the State. We predict with the greatest confidence a larger majority In the
State than was given in 1S96. Undoubtedly Indiana, has bf-en the great battleground In the States' of the Middle West.
Every vote has been thoroughly contested. The Republicans will suffer losses in a' few of the larger cities, but there will
be gains amorg the farmers and thf f.rst voters of the young men. Developments show that the young men of the State
are almost unanimously supporting McKinley. It Is understood In Indiana that the majority for the Republican ticket
will ho in excess of 20,000. V£ '-V-
"In the Rocky Mountain States, those that four years ago were almost solidly for free silver, there has been a revolu
tion in public sentiment, and it will not be surprising if all. or nearly all, of them reverse their positions of four years ago
It Is as certain as anything can be that Kansas. 'Wyoming, South Dakota and Washington will be carried by the Republ
Means by decisive majorities, and the States of Nebraska, Utah and Nevada are more likely to'give their votes to Mc-
Kinley than to Bryan. \ £* ;." .•;. ."•.-¦
"Th* results of the campaign indicate clearly that the administration of President McKinley v/111 be sustained by the
people, and thii. he will secure a larger vote than in lSJti. both of the popular vote and in the electoral college." -
Mr. Payne furnishes the following table of the probable results: ' ?'.''' '"~~:"':- :-'¦ .¦ - ; *;y, . • .,
CHAIRMAN JONES STILL CLAIMS
THAT BRYAN WILL BE ELECTED
Safely Republican— California 9. Connecticut 6. Delaware 3. Illinois 24. Indiana. 15. Iowa 13. Kansas' 10. Kentucky 13
Maine 6. Maryland S. Massachusetts 13. Michigan 14. Minnesota 9, New Hampshire 4, New Jersey 10, : New York 3G North
Dakota 3. Ohic 23, Oregon 4. Pennsylvania 32, Rhode Island 4. South Dakota 4, Vermont 4 Washington 4 West Virginia 6
Wisconsin 12. Wyoming 3. Total. 294. . r , , . t , .• .:
Probably Republican — Nebraska R. Nevada 3. Utah 3. Total, 14. ... *. .-.'•' ."•
Democratic-Alabama 11. Arkansas s, Florida 4. Georgia I?., Louisiana S, Mississippi 9, North Carolina 11, South Caro
lina 9. Tennessee 12. Texas 15. Virginia 12. Total. 112. .. . , • . -
Probably Democratic— Colorado ».. Idaho 3. Missouri 17. Montana 3. Total. 27. , /
• "In this list." says Mr. Payne, "Kentucky is put down-as safely Republican. The popular vote will show a '¦ majority,
of not less than 20.000 for McKinley. The only doubt surrounding the casting of the electoral vote is that raised by the*
question whether the Democrats, acting under the provisions of the Infamous Goebel law, will be able to steal it."
CHICAGO, Nov. 3.— Chairman Jones of the Democratic National Committee. furnished to the Associated Press to
night the following statement "covering the outlook from his standpoint:
"The fight is won. Bryan and Stevenson will be elected.' The Democratic majority. In'the electoral college will be
ample. The Democrats will hold all > the States they carried in 180C. with the possible exception of Wyoming. We will
also carry New York. New Jersey, Delaware, Maryland. West Virginia, -Kentucky, Indiana, Ohio- and' Illinois. The
chairman "of the State committee of California has just wired me ' that we will' carry, ithat! State l^y 10,000 • majority.
Jn a general way, I wonld say that there will be somewhat of ,a falling off In Bryan's vote compared! with 18S6 west of
the Mississippi, and: that east of the Mississippi he will make overwhelming gains.- The campaign has been a spirited one
from the start. The Democrats were somewhat, handicapped for want of funds, Awhile*, the Republicans, as four years
ago, had more. money than they could use. J The Republicans have endeavored to intimidate laboring men and alarm
business men, but not with the fierce opposition they -brought to bear In 11896. It : is i my opinion "that' intimidation has
been a" failure this year, and that both workingmen and 'business men will' vote accordingto the dictates of conscience.
Of course the trusts, the great aggregations of. combined: capital, the seekers 'for : franchises In Porto Rico and the Phil
ippines, the prompters and. exploiters generally^ have spared no effort, and will spare no effort, to re-elect McKinley. It*
Is my firm belief, however, that the electorate cannot.be debauched this year -to a sufficient extent to throttle the pub
lic will. The country- is aroused as It has never been' since 'the days preceding, the civil (war. The "existence of the
form of, government established \ by ¦ the fathers : is :at s stake. "Whether the: trusts' shall* govern : the : country ; or : the
country regulate the trusts must be decided. It will , be found fwhen'.the'yotes are counted that: the people have
declared with interest that the republic must.be preserved, that the power of the trusts must' be, curbed; that the man
must be - considered before the dollar, and that the .voice of 'the 'people: cannot be suppressed by attempted Intimidation
or corruption./ : •'.•;-' ." X] : ;• ; . : '•, ¦¦ ¦''"¦"¦.,;. .'¦ ' ¦ v- -.¦ . : :- -. .'..:.¦; : *":' ¦".. -\ '.;'.-.
"The States, that will vote for Mr. Bryan. will show that- the people have confidence in him from the Atlantic to
the Pacific, and from : the > northernmost to the southernmost boundaries of the republic.' - ' >,
( . , I ... : ¦ " •¦'• ¦•:•¦*,,.- v -V-iry: :¦¦.'- " ' ."JAME& ; K. JONES.
v ,. '¦'•; :. j "Chairman. Democratic -National
FIGURES SHOW REPUBLICANS
ARE ASSURED THE VICTORY
Special Dispatch to The Call.
NEW YORK. Nov. 3.— R. Kllery
Anderson, Wheeler H. Peck
ham. Franklin Bartlett. Georgs
Headley, Charles S. Fairchlld.
J. Edward Simmons^ W. ' J.
Curtis, Charles R. Flint, John G. Agar.
W. Salomon. John D. Crimmlns. Ashbel
P. Fitch, Hugh R. Garden, Simon Sterne,
F. K.« Pendleton. A. E. Orr, Abranv S.
Hewitt and C. T. Barney, all prominent
Democrats, have signed a statement tell
ing why they will support McKinley.
They say: - •
"We have been Democrats, are Demo
crats to-day, and expert to remain Demo
crats-for all time to come. It is our pur
pose, however, to vote for the McKlnley
electors. and we appeal to all Democrats
who desire the ultimate triumph of true
Democratic principles to follow our' ex
ample.'
"We re-fuse to submit to the Kansas
City and, Chicago platforms because we
believe In sound monev. In the Supreme
Court and in enforcement of laws.
"It is not to be believed that the great
and Intelligent people of these United
States will , entrust their financial pros
perity, the fruits of their toil and the
welfare of their citizens to the care of a
financial theorist, whose views have been
discredited-
"The Democratic party Is powerless to
assert Its influence so long as It carrier
the badge of dishonor embodied In the
doctrine of the free coinage of silver at
the ratio of 16 to 1. nor will It ever com
mand the approval of the people of this
country until it shall formally reject tlvs
false and undemocratic principles which
.were adopted in 1S96 and again confirmed
In* 1900 and until It shall dismiss from
its ranks the false leaders who have led
the party so far astray.
"We intend to cast our votes at the
coming election for the McKinley Elect
ors in the belief and with the hope that
the '. signal defeat of the present leaders
oft the Democratic party will insure its
reorganization."
Prominent Men Declare They
Can't Support E^ryan,
CRY OF "FRAUD" :
FROM PARTY THAT
IS ITS SPONSOR
CHICAGO. Nov. 2.— Congressman
Babcock. chairman of the Republi
can Congressional Campaign Com
mittee, gave to the Associated
Press to-night the following state
ment covering the expectations of
the Republicans as to the next
House: „
"The Congressional campaign has
reached a point where the only
question Is the size of the Republi
can majority. In the statement
given to the press on the 2Sth'I said
that the Republican membership
would not be less than 1S7. This
number I considered at the time
was sure beyond any reasonable
doubt. Since then conditions have
continued to Improve. The Croker-
Jones advice to Democrats suggest
ing fraud by the Republicans has
done us much good, for no one can
point to a single instance where a
Republican member has been elect
ed by fraud either In the votes cast
or the count after they were cast;
while the majority of the Demo
cratic representation In the House
comes from districts where the Re
publican vote Is driven from the
polls by the shotgun, or If In any
cases it is cast it is counted for the
Democratic candidate and the will
of the people defeated. This cry of
wolf coming ' from the party that
stands sponsor for fraud of the
worst' type will be resented at the
polls. And I have every reason, to
believe that fully 200 Republicans
will be elected to the Flfty-seventli
Consrrcss. J. W. BABCOCK."
Hanna, with a party of about a dozen. In*
eluding Vice Chairman Henry C. Payne,
R. C. Kerens, Perry S. Heath. V. W. Fos
ter and George N. "Wiswell. came to MU
waukee to-night to review a grand parade
of Republicans, marking the closing of
the campaign In this State.
DEMOCRATS WHO WILL
VOTE FOR McKINLEY
Beginning With New York All
Signs Point to Success.
Special Dispatch to The CaJL
REVIEW OF STATES
BY OPPOSING CLANS
If you happened In on the Cro(a)kers at home and saw lh:m all a- laugh Ing - : at .Little Johnnie Valentine Cro(a ker
tretendirs to be afraid of a poor Ohio banker that he Is about to pslt with original packages of campaign 'Mm'.mp—
WOULDN'T IT RASP YOU? WOULDN'T IT PAY YOUR WAR TAX?
.'. : . ....... - ...;-:,-• • ¦ .; ft
GOING HOME TO VOTE.
From Washington.
General Exodus of Federal Employes
WASHINGTON. Nov. 3.— A general ex
odus of voters from Washington to ail
parts of the L'nlted States hf been !n
progress for more than a week. Almost
every train leaving the city has beea
filled. Railroads are giving half-fara
rates to voters on certificates furnished
by the Republican and Democratic com
mittees.
t'p to to-night the Republican commit
tee has given certificates to sbout 4o0i>
voters, while the Democrats have Issued
only about 1000. The largest crowd will
leave on Monday and early Tuesday for
the neighboring States of Maryland. Vir
ginia. West Virginia and Delaware, for
which States the railroads will sell half
rates without certificates. It is expected
that in all nearly 10.000 voters will be out
of "Washington on Tuesday.
The Democratic committee Is boycot
ting the Baltimore and Ohio Railroad on
account of the active part which Presi
dent John K. Owen lias taken In oppo
sition to Mr. Bryan.
CABNEGIE FAVOHS McXTKLET.
Says Election of Bryan Wonld Be
Followed by Financial Chaos.
NEW TORK. Nov. 3.— Andrew Carnegie
arrived from England to-day. IT© cornea
back to vote for McKinley. He said:
"The election of Mr. Bryan would be fol
lowed by financial chaos. I shall do all
I can to avert it. While opposed to tho
policy of expansion as carried out by th<*
administration I am -vith the administra
tion on the financial question. I expect to
see Mr. McKinley re-elected and I expeec
to see four years more of prospertly. Wi
have not exhausted the enormous re
sources of this country and there la to
be a development of them unprece
dented."
NEW YORK, Nov. 3.— Though
the streets are slushy by a
continuous fall of rain, which.
though not a downpour, was
sufficient to dampen the
clothes though not the spirits of the
marcher*, the parade of the Business
Men's Republican and Sound Money As
soc'.ation passed from Bowling Green to
Fortieth street to-day. The managers of
the paxad> express the liveliest satisfac
tion that the showing was such a mag
nificent cn<> and their sentiments may be
Yifft voiced by the following telegram,
which Governor Roosevelt pent to Presi
dent McKinley after the last marcher had
p««i»< the Governor's reviewing stand:
NEW YOEK, Nov. 3.— President
HcKinley. Canton, Ohio: In spite of
the unfavorable -weather the sound
money parade was an even more
magnificent demonstration than four
years agx>. The aroused civic hon
esty and business intelligence of the
nation are behind you.
THEODORE ROOSEVELT.
There were thirty-eight organizations
or divisions of the parade, each organi
sation being- commanded by a marshal,
who had und?r him marshals of sub-di
visions and captains of companies.
Scores of Bands.
There were over a nundred bands In the
pamde, ;he Twenty-second Regiment
Band leading, with many fife and drum
corps. A score of bar>ds was needed to
furnish the music for the Wholesale Dry
Goods Republican Club alone, which con
sisted of sixteen sections of about 1GO)
m*n each, marching iu companies of six
teen tile front, one hundred companies to
the division.
In^the Wholesale Drv Goods Republi
can ""'Club the following organisations
joined in the parade, with a total num
ber of men. so far as could be estimated,
of 22.S55: The Wholesale Dry Goods Re
publican Club. 11.615; Ladies' Garment As-
Fociation, 1100; Clothiers' Legion, 1700;
Merchant Tailors' Sound Money League.
600; Central Dry Goods Division. 6500;
Haberdasher Association, 750.
Number of Men in Line.
The appended organizations had by com
putation the following number of men in
line: Milliners' Sound Money Association.
1500; Hat Trade Association. 2000; the Pa
per aud Associated Trades, 4S50; Florists'
Sound Money Club. 2500; Eastern Business
Men's Association, 650; Coal Trade Sound
and hjs hair glistened with water as ha
stood hat in hand he showed no ill effects
of the arduous task at the end.
After the last man had passed tha re
viewing stand Governor Roosevelt en
tered his carriage and preceded by an es
cort of mounted police drove rapidly to
the residence of his sister, Mrs. Douglas
Robinson, where he took dinner. Then he
went to Long Island City, where ha
boarded the S o'clock train for hia home
In Oyster Bay.
slightest crowding or trouble of any de«
scrlptlon. In falling in. In the downtown
districts, as soon as one street was
cleared the police surrounded the end of
the line and moved up slowly to the next
street, thus allowing that street to be
come cleared also. This method was fol
lowed all along the line until Worth street
was reached and the last organization
was Mn* line. The head of the parade
reached the reviewing stand at 10:55
o'clock and the last man passed there 1^
review at 5:iS o'clock.
Seven Hours in the Bain.
The parade was led by a squad of
mounted policemen, which reached the
disbanding point at Fortieth street and
Fifth avenue at 11:08 o'clock. Two min
utes later the first platoon or division of
the Dry Goods Republican Club, which
had the honor of heading the parade
proper., reached Fortieth street, swur.g
west Into that thoroughfare and disband
ed at Seventh avenue.
Nearly seven hours later the last di
vision of the parade reached the point of
dlstandment, and at six minutes after 6
o'clock the big demonstration was official
ly said to be over. The crowds in the
lower part of the city b<?gan to gather
early, and all along Broadway clear up to
Worth street, from where the parade was
to move, thousands massed on the side
walk and waited in the drizzling rain and
cold, raw wind for the formation to move.
Shortly after 10 o'clock the head of the
parade, at which rode Governor Roose
velt, moved up the line of march. When
he reached the reviewing stand at the
Worth monument the Governor's carriage
wan halted and he took his placd on the
stand, where he reviewed the ranks of
marchers.
For four hours Governor Roosevelt stood
on the stand with head uncovered nearly
all of the time and greeted the marchers
as they filed past by the thousands.
Praised by the Governor.
For each division organization Gover
nor Roosevelt had a word of praise or ac
knowledgment; from each he was given
a cheer and greetings both formal and
impromptu. There was no shelter over
the reviewing stand and the steady driz
zle of rain made the seven hours a ter
rific strain upon any one. Through It all
Governor Roosevelt's smile never left his
face, and although his clothing was wet
Money Club. 600; Lumbermen's Bound
Money Club. 1275: Produce and Maritime
Sound Money League. 3000: Hide and
Leather Sound Money Club, 2200; Archi
tectural Division, 500; Shoe Trade Organ
ization, 1500; the Coffee * Exchange and
Lower Wall Street Business Men's Sound
Money Club, 1250; Columbia University
McKlnlcy and Roosevelt. Club, 450; Cus
tom-house Brokers' Sound Money Club,
S50; the Leaf Tobacco Trade Sound Money
Club, 1025; the Bankers' and Brokers' Re
publican Sound Money Club.- 7800: the
Brooklyn Bankers' and Brokers' Sound
Money Club, 23; Lawyers* Sound Money
Club. BOO; New York Law School Sound
Money Club. £50; McKinley and Roosevelt
Insurance Club. 2400; the Real Estate
Sound Money Club, 3000; Publishers' and
Advertisers' Division, 1200; Machinery and
Metal Trades' Association, 3700; Jewelers'
McKinley and Roosevelt Club, 4100; the
Drug. Chemical. Paint, Varnish and Oil
Association, 3200; Manufacturers' and
Dealers' in Supplies for Steam. Water and
Gas Sound Money Club, 230-3; Electrical
Industries Association, 3500; Sound Money
League, Manufacturers of Confection
eries, 350; Pottery, Glass and Lamp Asso
ciation, SCO; West Side Business Men's Mc-
Kinley and Roosevelt Club, 2700; Harness
and Saddlery Trades, 500; Hardware arfd
Metal Trades, 1250; Commercial Travelers'
McKinley and Roosevelt Club. 250. and- the
United Italian Business Men's Club, mak
ing: a grand total of 87,615.
A count of the number of men in line
was made at the reviewing: stand near
Fifth Avenue Hotel. This count shows
the figures as given here.
March In the Mud.
The parade was noteworthy for the dis
patch with which the different associa
tions formed Into line in the lower part of
the city and the quickness with which
they dropped out of line. At Fortieth
street the disbandment was particularly
worthy of praise.
The cold rain, which most of the time
drove directly Into the faces of the
marchers, did not seem to dampen the en
thusiasm one whit or lessen the number
in line. With full rank3 the different or
ganizations assembled at their respective
rendezvous, prepared for a long, wet
inarch. Flags flew just as Bayly andcheers
were as readily given as if the sun were
shining:.
The police were In perfect command of
the great throng? in all parts of the line
of march* and at no time was there the
Ninety Thousand Advo
cates of Prosperity in
r'xljjjSclOL.
Though Rain Falls Stead
ily Enthusiasm Is Not
Dampened.
Army of Republican Vot
ers Marches in New
York Streets.
Business Men of Various
Branches Unite in the
Demonstration.
WOULDN'T IT JAR YOU
GREAT SOUND MONEY PARADE
IS REVIEWED BY ROOSEVELT
Pages'13 to 22
Pages 13 to 22
SAN FRANCISCO, SUNDAY, NOVEMBER 4, 1900-THIRTY-T WO PAGES.
VOLUME LXXXVIII-NO. 157.
The San Francisco CallIn addition. Mr. Kdmiston. who Is chalr
xnan of the State Committee, summed up
conditions in Nebraska. He predicted a
plurality of 15.000 for Bryan; said the fu
eionists would elect every State officer:
¦would control the Legislature, and win in
four of the six Congressional districts and
perhaps in all six. This. Mr. Edmiston
Eaid, was a conservative estimate.
However, the Democratic Leaders
EICHABDSON" CLAIMS HOUSE.
Befrain From. Giving Figures.
"WASHINGTON, Nov. 3.— Chairman
Richardson of the Democratic National
Congressional Committee made the fol
lowing statement as to the next House
cf Representatives' prospects:
"We are absolutely certain that the
next House will be Democratic and we be
lieve that the Republican leaders weil
know it, many prominent Republicans
having admitted it. The majority will be
a good working one— at least twenty-flvo.
This committee has not deemed It wise
to go Into details regarding the districts
they are confident of carrying for the rea
eon that we do cot wish to invite greater
opposition or arouse the Republicans to
concentrate their forces In those districts
•where our Democratic candidates are
making a hopeful battle. The wisdom of
this must be apparent to every Democrat
and Is certainly appreciated by every in
relliE-ent man.
*The claim of the Republicans that they
Continued From Page Thirteen.
REVIEW OF STATES
81 OPPOSING CLANS
LONDON. Nov. 3.— The Pall Mall Ga
tette this afternoon publishes a dispatch
from Iehoxv. dated October 2S. which says
heavy fighting has occurred In the moun
tains on the Shansi frontier. An Axiglo-
Gcrinan force of 1500 men. commanded by
Colonel Von Norman. Etorrm-d the Tzching
Kung pass. The Chinese occupied a
6trong position on the crest and stub
bornly resisted. They poured a hot en
fj.adir.g fire on the advance party of
eighty Germans under Major Von For-
Bter. but the Hrltish general cavalry
and mounted sappers, dismounting, scaled
the heights, turned the enemy's flanks and
relieved the Germans.
BERLIN, Nov. 3.— The Chinese question
continues 10 overshadow everything else
here, the Tageblatt to-day printing a
special from Peking dated October 29,
eaying:
A detachment of the Second Infantry.
under Major Von Forster, has fought
a victorious engagement against a vastly
njperior Chinese force of regulars in a
mountain pa^s n^ar the Chinese wall not
f«.r from Tsilinpkuan. Five guns were
taken by assault ar.d the German flag
vras hoisted. Major Von Forster vat.
wounded. 8even other Germans were
wounded or killed and the Chinese lost
fifty dead.
Th© statements in the British pre^s that
the Russians don't show Field Marshal
Von Waiderse* proper attention and
obedience are not credited here. In fact
Von Waldersee's ov.u offlcial reports
thence contradict those statements. Ha
cables that the rec»-ption the Russians ac
corded him everywhere was highly satis
factory and enthusiastic and he has ex
tiressed in a cablegram to the Czar the
highest appreciation of the Russian
troops. Von Waldersee has also expressed
formally his thanks therefor to the Rus
sian commander. General Vinivetch.
Authoritatively the correspondent of the
Associated Press lea.rns that Germany
doPF not intend to send any more troops
to China unless unforeseen circumstances
arise.
WASHINGTON. Nov. 3.— The Navy De
partment has directed Admiral Remey at
Cavite to convene a court of inquiry to
Investigate the charge of cowardice
against Captain Hall. Tnited States Ma
rines, preferred by Minister Conger at
Peking.
British Cavalry Relieves German
Troops as Chinese Are Pouring
a Deadly Fire TJpon Them
From the Heights.
Anglo-German Force Storms
Tzching Kung
Pass.
HOT ENGAGEMENT
WITH CHINESE
SALTING A SUBTJBB.
A Temporary Attraction Secured for
the Beguilement of a Tenant.
"We run up against some people with
odd notions," said a suburban real estate
man; "we certainly do. I had a man out
looking at houses last spring, a moony
sort of a chap he was. but a nice man.
and I tried hard to nail him; I thought
he'd be an addition to the community,
and I thought I'd got him finally, but then
he said he'd have to see how things were
there at night. Now that, you know, was
the oddest request I had had in the course
of a long experience. There was the house
and there was the- country: better seen by
day and by night, and what he should
want to see it at night for I couldn't even
guess. But. of course. I said all right,
and he came out from the city again the
'same night and we went around to the
house that he was looking at and sat
down on the veranda.
' "It was a beautiful moonlight night, full
moon. Our place had never looked so
lovely, and I thought it was a question of
when we'd sign the lease, but pretty soon
the man says:
" 'No bugle!'
"Well, now do you know you could have
knocked me down with a broom splint?
Easy. Because it was only that day that
I'd .got rid of a bugler, and here was a
man who wanted to hear one. We'd had
In our town probably the worst suburban
bugler that ever was; a man who could
play 'Oft in the Stilly Night' and that
sort of thing on a key bugle in a way to
make people go Into the house and shut
all the doors and windows on the hottest
summer nights. To my great delight this
man had moved away that very day; and
now here was a man that wanted to hear
him!
"You can never tell. Here was this man,
nice a man as ever was, but chock full of
romantic notions. Freak notions, you and
I would call 'em — maybe we've got some
that he'd call freak notions. But anyhow
he'd lived in the suburbs somewhere be
fore, where he'd heard the familiar key
bugle that you always hear in these
places, played by somebody in the dis
tance; and he'd got the sound of that dis
tant bugle Indelibly associated In his mind
with pleasant memories of suburban life.
The moonlight and that sort of thing
didn't seem right without the bugle. He
missed It and I had to do some quick
thinking. .
" 'We've got the greatest player here
that ever -was,' I said to him. 'but it just
happens that he's gone to the city to
night. You'd hear him here, though, to-
morrow night, no doubt. If you should
happen around.
" 'Well, I think I'll come,' he says, 'be
cause I must say I rather like this place,
and if the bugler seems natural I'll take
this house.'
"There was a friend of mine that played
a B flat cornet In a band in the city and
I got him out the next day and instaliul
in the house that our local bngler ha...
as I thought so happily, left. It was an
other beautiful night, simply beautiful,
the moon plumb full, a little fuller if any
thing than it was the night before; and
my prospective house renter was even
more impressed than he had been by th«
beauty of the place; and it all rested now
with my friend with the B flat cornet:
and when night had fairly settled ha
started up. '
"And. say! He could, you know, he
could play the bugle. I thought as I heard
him that if I could close out my business
there I'd start a suburb of my own some
where and give, to sell the lots, moon
light excursions only and have him, aa
early settler there, blowing the bugle on
excursion nights, as the people strolled,
about before the sale.
"He played 'Oft in the Stilly Night.' and
the 'Last Rose of Summer" in the most
beautiful fashion and I thought he"d for
gotten the contract, but the next minute
I thought he must have blown a hola
through one of the bends of the instru
ment and that the wind was escaping
there, because of all the unearthly bugit*
notes I ever heard that certainly was tnu
most awful.
"My friend on the veranda was mani
festly pleased, and my friend with the
cornet did not disappoint him. Of all the
bad playing I ever heard, this was easily
the worst. •
" 'Hra-m,' my friend on the veranda
continued, sort of musing like, as my
friend up the hill went on. 'Is that figure
you named the best you can do?'
" The very best,' I says.
" 'Well,' he says. Til come and sign
the lease In the morning.' And he did.
"Ten days later he moved In. That
night he heard no bugle. He wa3 at me
about it the very next day. And I hal
to tell him that the bugler had had an
attack of hay fever the day before, and
the doctor had ab-so-lute-ly forbidden
him to touch a bugle again before winter,
or late in the fall, at the earliest.
"You see you don't hear the bugle in tho
fall and winter at all. when the windows
are shut, and. not expecting to hear it
then, you don't miss It. What I am hop
ing is that by the time .spring comes my
new tenant will have become so pleased
with the place Itself that he'll forget
about the bugle entirely." — Sun.
JAMESTOWN, Nov. 3.— Jacksonville, on the
Tuolumne River, had a $3000 flre this morning.
The losses and insurance are as follows:
Booker & Hodge, general merchandise, $2300,
Insurance ?1600: E. F. Booker, dwelling and
contents, $700, Insurance $460.
SEATTLE, Nov. 3.— The rumor that the
eteamer Roanoke has gone ashore In the north
Is unfounded. The captain of the steamer
Senator, which arrived to-day from Nome, re
ports that the Roanoke was safe when he left
Nome for this city.
LOS ANOELES, Nov. 3.— The action of the
Anaheim Union Water Company against the
Urupa Land and "Water Company and one hun
dred and fifty others was dismissed to-day by
Judge Trask on motion of the attorneys for
the plaintiffs. This suit involved the right to
use the waters flowing into the Anaheim Can
yon and affect thousands of acres of property.
COAST- NEWS IN BRIEF.
"It is an Interesting study at this time
of year to watch the young men who
come in to buy engagement rings." said a
salesman in one of the fashionable Chest
nut-street jewelry ! stores yesterday. "A
great many, of them can't afford to buy
diamonds— that is, first clas3 diamonds—
and yet they want something nice. When
they feel that way we always show them
opals; and then you ought to hear them.
'Opals!' they exclaim. 'Why, opals are
unlucky!' Then we have to explain to
them that the old superstition about opals
was exploded years ago. As a matter of
fact, a great many young men In moder
ate circumstances prefer an opal ring to
a diamond. One young man who had an
eye for the beautiful sent a cluster the
other day made up of thirteen opals.
There's defiance of superstition for you!"
—Philadelphia Record.
THIRTEEN OPALS IN A RING.
Wunn— But. if you insist that the man
¦who works for the public good without
hope of gaining gratitude Is a crank, what
do you call the man that expects grati
tude?
Tuther— Him? Oh, he's Just a plain fool.
— Indianapolis Press.- .
McKinley's Name Cheered.
REDLANDS. Nov. 3.— Hon. Will A.
Harris spoke to-night to the largest audi
ence that has assembled during this cam
paign in Redlands. Mention of McKln
ley'a name was greeted with prolonged
cheers.
Hatch for McGovern.
LOUISVILLE. Ky., Nov. 3.— Terry Mc-
Govern and Dave Sullivan have agreed to
fight twenty-five rounds December 14 be
fore the club offering the largest purse.
Babe Scalded to Death.
SAN JOSE. Nov. 3.— A one-year-old son
of Mrs. P. San Fillppe was scalded to
death to-day by falling into a pan of boil
ing water.
Lieutenant Griffith.
READING, Pa., Nov. 3. — Lieutenant
David A. Griffith, U. S. A., retired, died
here to-day, aged 75 years. For over thirty
years he was in service on the Western
frontier.
GEORGE KNIGHT'S MOTHER
GOES ,TO HER LONG REST
Dies at Her Home in Eureka, Where
She Had Lived Fifty-Three
. . ./ Years.
Mrs. Elizabeth Knight, mother of
George A.. Knight, the well-known law
yer and orator, died vesterday at Uu
reka. Mrs. Knight wa'J a pioneer of Hum
bold t County, having resided there fifty'-,
three years. • ,•• .- - - . J ' ...
Mr., Knight Is the only surviving rela
tive of the deceased, except a stepsister,
who had lived with her for years.- Mr.
Knight leaves to-day by steamer for Eu
reka to attend the funeral.
BLAIR-FITZGERAU) WEDDING.
Son of Lady Yarde-Buller Joins the
Benedicks.
STOCKTON, Nov. 3.— Arthur Kirkland
Blair, a son of Lady Yarde-Buller, was
married to Edna Ursula Fitzgerald to
day by Justice Albert Parker. Both are
from San Francisco.
Napa Greets Judge Maguire.
NAPA, Nov. 3.— The Democrats closed
the campaign in Napa with a rousing
meeting at the opera-house to-night. Hon.
James G. Maguire of San Francisco ad
dressed the people on the issues of the
day. He was given a hearty welcome, as
his friends are many in Napa. Mr. Ma
guire discussed imperialism and the policy
of the Republicans in the Philippines at
considerable length, and in closing made
a Ptrong and eloquent appeal to voters to
stand by Bryan and Stevenson at the bal
lot box on Tuesday next.
Closing Bally at Gait.
GALT. Nov. 3.— The Republican cam
paign closed in Gait to-night. Bonfires
blazed, rockets pierced the skies and can
non roared during the early part of the
evening. The country folk for ten miles
around swarmed down upon the' town. Pa
rades headed by brass bands marched
through the principal streets, and never
before In the history of Gait was so much
enthusiasm manifested. Hon. John T.
Dare of San Francisco was the principal
speaker, and his address was a convinc
ing one. •' Sacramento County will roll up
1800 majority for McKinley.
Mourning in Petaluma.
PETALUMA, Nov. 3.— Tolling bells and
flags flying at half-mast in -this city to
day were a mark of respect to Le Grand
Ellsworth, whose death occurred last
evening In San Francisco.
Mr. Ellsworth was a resident of thi3
city for nearly fifty years and moved to
San Francisco a few months ago on ac
count of declining health. He crossed
the plains from Missouri in 1852. He
served for some time as City Treasurer
and was prominent in fraternal circles.
Petaluma Democratic Rally.
PETALUMA, Nov. 3.— The Democratic
campaign closed here to-night wltl# fire
works, music and oratory. District Attor
ney Lane of San Francisco was the speak
er. J. P. Rodgerswas chairman of the
meeting.
NEW YORK, Nov. 3.-Charles F. Jones,
secretary-valet of the late William Marsh
Rice, who was arrested on a charge of
forgery and attempted to commit suicide
in the Tombs by cutting his throat, passed
a comfortable night. The report that
Jones is mentally unbalanced Is denied at
the hospital, and It is declared his mind
is as clear as ever.
-Frederick B. House, counsel for Albert
T. Patrick and Jones, accompanied by his
law partner and a notary public formerly
In Lawyer. Patrick's office, called at: the
Tombs Prison to-day and for two hours
was in conference with Patrick. After
its conclusion. Lawyer House said:
My client, Patrick, Is in a cheerful
mood and has no fear for the future.
Further than this I am not at liberty to
disclobe the. nature of mV conference with
him. It was purely of a personal nature
pertaining to the trial."
Mr. House said that so far as he knew
u was s tiH counsel for Jones, and that
he had heard nothing to the contrary. He
said that when Jones is brought to the
lombs on Monday he will have a talk
with him.;
The police have learned that the tablets
or Dlcnlonde of mercury, prescribed by
Dr. W.-.T.. Bull as an antiseptic lotion
arter he had performed an operation for
cancer on Mr. Rice's face, were purchased
by Valet Jones at the drug store of
Charles H. Whitsay. on Madison avenue.
These tablets are held to establish the
connecting-link between Jones* statement
that Lawyer Patrick gave Rice gray tab
lets and the finding of bichloride of mer
cury In Mr. Rice's organs under chemical
analysis.
The physicians at the hospital say that
the wound in Jones' throat is almost
healed.
JONES' MIND IS
SOUND AS EVER
Hospital Physicians Deny
That Rice's Former
Valet Is Insane..
Attorney House Holds a Long Confer
ence With Patrick, but Be
v , fuses to Divulge Its
Purport.
shake hands with the President. They
came from many sections of the country.
A company of young people were dinner
guests of the President and Mrs. McKin
ley this evening.
Socialists Released.
NEW YORK. Nov. 3.-Maglstrate Olm
stead, in the Essex Market Court, to-day
discharged the six members of the Social
ist-Labor party who were arrested while
holding a mass meeting without a permit
.Ed E. Leake of Woodland Addresses
DEMONSTRATION AT DIXON.
Democratic Voters.
. DIXON, Nov. 3.— The Democratic cam
paign in this section was closed In Dlxon
to-night. Hon. Edward E. Leake. editor
of the Woodland Democrat, was the
speaker of the evening, and because of his
wide acquaintance here (Dlxon having
been his home for many years) he was
honored with one of the largest and most
attentive audiences that ever assembled
in this city. Mr. Leake discussed the
political questions in an Impressive man
ner, arraigning President McKinley for
his alleged vacillating and inconsistent
administration and declaring It unpat
riotic and un-American. T. A. JKllkenny,
Democratic nominee . for the Assembly,
and Professor Ernest Holly of the Suisun
Grammar School, spoke briefly.
Big G»thering at Brentwood.
BRENTW00D, Nov. 3.— The greatest
political meeting ever held in the east
ern end of Contra Costa County occurred
to-night under the auspices of the Brent
wood McKinley and Roosevelt Club. A
special train from Port Costa, Martinez
and way towns brought two brass bands,
and 2000 people were present. The meet
ing was called to order by G. H. Shafer,
and W. S. Tlnlng, chairman of the Repub
lican County Central Committee, was in
troduced as chairman. The meeting was
addressed by E. D. Gripsby. candidate for
Supervisor; Hon. M. B. Ivory, candidate
for Assemblyman; Hon. W. S. Wells,
Superior Judge; Hon. C. M. Belshaw, can
didate for joint Senator from Contra
Costa and Marin counties, and Hon. A. H.
Ashley of Stockton.
Speeches and a Barbecue.
SANTA CRUZ. Nov. 3.— There ' was a
great Republican demonstration at Boul
der Creek this evening. A s-cclal train
left here with the Rough Riders and
many Republicans. On reaching Boulder
Creek a torchlight procession formed and
marched to the hall, which was crowded
D. H. Trout presided. Among the speak
ers were Colonel H. I. Kowalsky of San
Francisco. George Radcliff, J. D. Bryne*
and G. N. Root. Harry Lucas of Stan
ford University spoke on constitutional
amendment No. 23. A barbecue and danc«
followed the meeting.
¦ ?
Major Kyle at Tipton.
TIPTON, Nov. 3.— Major C. W. Kyle ad
dressed the citizens of Tipton to-night on
the issues of the campaign. He set forth
in a clear and convincing manner the rea
sons why the .present administration
should be continued for four years more.
Tipton and vicinity will give the Republi
can ticket an Increased majority on next
Tuesday. \
•
Last Rally at Placerville.
PLACERVILLE, Nov. 3.-The last rally
of the Democracy of this county was held
In Sigwart's Opera-house this evenlngand
was larpely attended. The meeting -was
addressed by the Hon. J. V. Long, Hon.
Ben P. Tabor,. Democratic nominee for
Senator In the Fifth Senatorial District,
and S. W. Irving, Democratic nominee for
the Assembly. / ¦
Oratory at San Rafael.
SAN RAFAEL, Nov. 3.— The Republi
cans closed the campaign In this "city with
an enthusiastic meeting- In the Wlgrwam
to-night. Addresses were made by Stan
ley Moorehead, J. W. Atherton, condldate
for the Assembly, Thomas P. Boyd, E.
B. Martlnelli and Robert Furling.
Merced Campaign Closed.
MERCED, Nov. 3.— The local Democrats
closed their campaign here to-night. Hon.
J. Noonan Phillips of Los : Angeles '* ad
dressed a fair-sized audience at the pa
vilion. E. H. Hoar presided.
¦ , ¦•....:._¦ ......¦,-...-- . -. ¦-
THE SA"N" FRAETCTSCO CALL, STJTSDAY, 4, lwu.
Described as Entering Into Office "Glad
in Robes of Dazzling Failure/'
LANSDOWNE TAKES
FOREIGN PORTFOLIO
MARQUIS OF LANSDOWNE. WHO HAS TAKEN CHARGE OF THE
• BRITISH FOREIGN OFFICE. IT IS GENERALLY PREDICTED THAT
HIS ADMINISTRATION WILL PROVE A FAILURE.
LONDON, Nov. 3.— "Clad in the
robes of dazzling failure," is the
way one Liberal newspaper de
scribes the Marquis of Lans
downe's entry into the Foreign
Office. This undoubtedly expresses the
opinion of a preponderance of the British
public. Irrespective of party lines. Even
among those organs feebly upholding the
advisability of Lord Lansdowne's appoint
ment there Is a tendency to allocate to
him the portion of a mere nominal head
of the Foreign Office, blindly following
out every wish of the Premier. This, the
Associated Press learns. Is quite opposed
to Lord Salisbury's own idea. He does
not share the general belief that In the
War Office Lansdowne did badly. In fact,
the Premier Is so convinced of the reverse
that he gave Lord Lansdowne the option
of continuing in his former office or tak
ing the new billet. Lord Salisbury was
delighted that Lord Lansdowne was wlll-
ing to accept the Foreign Office portfolio.
He believes he will make a strong foreign
secretary and had long contemplated Lord
Lansdowne as his successor, should the
doctors refuse to allow him to continue
the severe duties he undertook during the
last Parliament. One of Lord Salisbury's
closest friends said:
"Lord Lansdowne, by his training and
social career, is more fitted and available
to meet diplomats t.ian decide large Is
sues. Should he fail It will only be be
cause he Is too much of a gentleman."
The Under Secretaryship in the War
Office and Colonial Office, vacant through
the chanpes in the Cabinet, must now be
selected, which Is no easy matter. R. W.
Hanbury, the Financial Secretary of the
Treasury, is believed likely to succeed C.
T. Ritchey as president of the Board of
Trade; and George Wyndham. the Parlia
mentary Secretary of the War Office, Is
frequently mentioned as the successor of
Gerald Balfour as Chief Secretary for
Ireland, though the tetter's resignation Is
by no means certain/at present.
CANTON, Nov. 3.— Callers poured Into
the McKinley home In a steady stream to
day. For the most part they were people
who called to pay their respects or to
HcKinley Receives Callers.
expect to carry the Kouse by a decided
majority Is all for oolltica! .¦ effect. The
prominent men of the party nave con
ceded for some time that tne situation
was desperate and absolutely hopeless so
far as the House was concerned and
claims are now made to keep their Epirita
up."
WEATHER TO BE
FAVORABLE FOR
THE REPUBLICANS
WASnTTsGTOX. Nov. 3.— Special
forecast fcr Tuesday, November 6,
1900:
"Present conditions point to fair
•weather with moderate tempera
ture on Tuesday, November . 6, In
all the districts east of the Missis
sippi River. From Mississippi to
the Pacific Coast conditions are as
fair for favorable or fair weather,
except in the middle and north Pa
cific coasts, where there may be
rain. WILLIS L. MOORE.
"Chief United States Weather Bu
reau."
fair i>lay. and we ask all our workers to see
tba.t this Is axcorded us.
We have rereiwd unmistakable evidence that
the Republican committee !a distributing a
larg« corrujitlon fund in every Western State.
There are one or two tgenta in every precinct
to handle Republican boodle. We ask you to
locate these rr.«*ri: keep your ey«>s on them and
If they are ca.upht attempting to bribe a voter
or trying to influence an election board, see
that they are dealt with as the case demands.
The reform foroes of this country have won
this election and we propose to maintain our
ground and to se« that the will of the people Is
registered. The tim« has come for American
manhood to assert Itself and to rule this coun
try. Instead of money. Intimidation and fraud.
We have every confidence of the result. We
will hold our own and make gains west of the
Mississippi River and east of the Mississippi
there v.'.'i be a landslide that will place Mr.
Bryan In the White House. We are at the
dawn of the new century, and above the sun
rise shines the etar of victory. Tours for the
republic,
J. H. EDMTSTOX Chairman.
J. A. Ereerton. Secretary-
14
Miss Helen Murphy, a popular society woman of Oshkoeh, WIs., Is an ardent
friend to Peruna. The following Is a letter written by Ml?s Murphy, and gives
her opinion cf Peruna as a preventive as well as cure for catarrh ailments:
The Peruna Medicine Company, Columbus, Ohio:
"We keep a bottle of it on hand all the time and when I have been out
in inclement weather, I take a dose or two of Peruna end it prevents my
taking any cold and keeps me perfectly well." Yours very truly,
HELEN MURPHY.
Gentlemen — "About three months ago I contracted a sevore cold at an
evening reception, which settled on my lungs and threatened to be very
serious. As my mother has used Peruna with good results, she sent for a
bottle for me and I found that it gavs me blessed relief. Before the sec-
ond bottle was consumad I was well. ¦
e««»©©«t©«©0a«0©*Q®©e«O«a«0d000OG©C0Q9O939©3C000C0O00039OOQO000©0©Od
I CURES MEN! CURES WOMENi !
• i#2a!^ DR - MCLAUGHLIN'S ELECTRIC BELT I
2 r^^^^S^ Hns Restored Henlth nnd Strength to Thousand* ©
2 -*-.>! .—i-*""" ' £a _n^ sf^ga^ *~v». °^ Men and Women with Back Pains* 2
O S"^ ¦ -* > -^ v v^7'fei wwi', l> -*""" "~* n Rheumatism, Nervous Debility, Indigestion, Con- %
© f «S$^**^i4(k >< •0b&" ' 8tipation ' Livep ' Kidney hnd Bladder Troubles. %
% /^^Z ' \^^* t&~ ./^ ¦' Dr. . McLauffhlin's Electric Belt has restored health 2
• '{ \ S&- f ' : '^^&8¥ and strength to thousands of weak and debilitated men q
• V— -JF \/> J*£z3%z* and t0 P ain - worn men and women. You also can be 9
• h \ v W l..-M3Et8t£fir cured if you grasp the opportunity I offer. Read what the o
• ' \ S ¦yjgfl*ai|y cured say. Electricity as furnished by my Belt cures by 9
% \ i\ if 1 -jZlfflr giving back to the weakened nerves, "muscles and organs Q
\ \ // f ¦' AfuW the vitality they have lost, reducing inflammation, devel- O
• • •^5*^^fs v W7i '</ / /wWS^^ opinR the full vigor of health and removins: the effects of g
• J^&i^/^V'J^"*'^^^'"* dissipation and violation of nature's laws. *?
2 —^^^^^^W^S^^^^^ T< ? those who have tn:s ted and been betrayed by the r
S UwJ^yw^^^STik"* seductive promises of quacks and charlatans: to those o
A XR^^OLiiS^^S^ ' wh o have swallowed pailfuls of pills and liquid medicines o
W /S* *5-«^53SsP«<S* without result except a damaged stomach and increased «
9 pain and weakness, and to those who have worn so-called ejectric belts which either burned and blistered the ©
© body or gave no electricity, I offer a positive cure by means of my Electric Belt. It gives a stronger current than •
© any other, and is guaranteed not to burn or blister. Is as cood for women as for men. It is worn a few hours •
• while you sleep, and is the best friend a sick person can have. It srives relief from pain and restores streneth. It J»
•makes the blood warm and the nerves as strong as steel. It docs not burn the skin, as it has a special regulator
5 and cushion electrodes. %
5 SEE THE CURES-WHAT STRONGER PROOF IS WANTED? •
• BQTH FATHER AND SON CURED. CURED! 5
S DEAB SIR— Th*e nervous weakness I complained DEAR SIR-Tour Belt has done me* great deal of _goo<L I ira 9
• Your Belt cured me in two months. The Belt has also flted by it. Yours \>ry truly. „ , M J* S ; J ~ 1 r« l ~r^ 2
• done'.wonders for my son, who had a bad case of Sawyer *"• Slskt y° u Countr ' . Cal ' P ' J
g Rheumatism. Since my cure I have praised your CURED I
• Belt to many doctors as well as others, and will con- dear sir-t am P>" e l^*f a y ° r u / at B deai of%uaertnf and O
• tinue to ao so. "Yours sincerely,' - S
• H.W.YOTJNO, Port Harford, Cal. . San' Francisco, C^^r , 2
f CALL OR SEND FOR FREE BOOK.— If you are weak if you have Lame Back. Rheumatism Weak •
5 Stomach, Dyspepsia, Sleeplessness. Physical Decline. Los* of Enersrv and ' Ambition, or any rnl ©
© down of the physical or nervous system. COME AND SEE MF OR IF YOU CAN T CALL. WKllfc. ry**- 9
• MY BOOK AND SYMPTOM BLANKS, WHICH ARE SENT. SEALED, FREE. Office hours-Q a. m. to 8:.P 9
O p. m. Sunday, 10 to 1. . * * 5
I Dr TVT A Wcl, AITRT-TT TN ™2 market street, •
J 1/1 • ATI* ii« lTll/JLiilU UIlJLlll . cor. Kcarny, San Francisco. *
••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••• c>MO ** a * #aA
HOW A PRETTY SOCIETY GIRL
ESCAPED DREAD CONSUMPTION.
Peruna Used in Time Saved Her Life.
All's Well That Ends Well.
It is the same old story of exposure to
cold. The cold passing down the bron-
chial tubes to the lungs; the developing
of a settled cold on the lungs, coughing,
expectoration. This, Is a short road to
consumption. Thousands of people have
traveled it. Thousands more will travel
it and the coming winter will, develop an
untold multitude of new cases.
In the case of Helen Murphy, the end-
ing was a happy one.- She started on
the road to consumption after catching
cold at a reception. Instead of waiting
until she became incurable, Peruna was
resorted to and her life was saved.
It Is a pity that every one else In this
wide land could not know of this very
effective remedy in such cases. ¦ The news
Is spreading fast but a great many peo-
ple have not yet heard that Peruna Is a
sure cure in these cases. -
¦ Perur.a cures acute catarrh and chronic
catarrh; catarrh of the head and catarrh
of the lungs; catarrh of the throat and
catarrh of the stomach. Wherever ca-
tarrh may have located itself, whether
in the digestive organs, kidneys or pelvic
organs, Peruna is sure , to eradicate the
disease promptly.
¦ Another case where consumption was
cheated of its prey occurred in the State
of Iowa. The report of the case created
considerable attention at the time and
was furnished us unsolicited by Mr. Hen-
rickson. In a letter to Dr. Hartman he
sets forth some interesting details of his
rescue from consumption, lie made use
of the following language: ¦ .
"I have been for years a constant suf-
ferer from chronic catarrh of the head
and throat, which finally worked down
into the air passages. In the spring of
'98 I took a severe cold and coughed all
summer. I thought I had consumption.
Then I had a bad attack of la grippe.
After' taking a course of Peruna I feel
cured of all these troubles.
"Whenever any of our children get sick
we give them Peruna, and it never fails
to cure them. I most heartily testify to
the value of Peruna in cases of catarrh
and la grippe. I hope this may be the
means of others suffering as I did to take
Peruna and be cured. We would not be
without it in the house."
HENRY HENRICKSON.
Generally the first cold of the season is
caught in November. With some people
this lasts all winter and lays the founda-
tion of chronic catarrh. In the beginning
a few doses of Peruna is sufficient to
make a permanent cure.
Send for Dr. Hartman's latest book on
chronic catarrh. Address The Peruna
Medicine Co., Columbus, Ohio.
5000 voters have proclaimed the beat above all
the "American" clear Havana cigar. • - - ••
APVERTIBF.TVTP.-NTS.
STRICTLY SCIENTIFIC.
Only One Pile Cure Which Can Be
Considered Such.
The Pyramid Pile Cure la strictly scien-
tific both in Its composition and in its
therapeutic action, and the best feature is
that it is perfectly harmless. No ill effects
ever result from Its use.
The cure Is accomplished painlessly by
the astringent properties and healing: oils
contained in it, which cause the little
tumors and congested blood vessels to
contract and the obstruction to the cir-
culation to be removed. '
The Pyramid Pile Cure Is In suppository
f,orm and far superior to any salve or
ointment for convenience.
It is applied at night and absorbed into
the sensitive rectal membrane, acting:
both as a local and a constitutional treat-
ment.
! One 50 cent box of the Pyramid has
I often been effectual, even in cases of many
years' standing:. '
Relief from pain and Itching I is so im-
mediate that patients sometimes Imagine
that the. remedy must contain some form
of cocaine or opium, but a careful analy-
sis shows it to contain no cocaine, anaes-
thetic or Injurious drug of any kind. . It Is
guaranteed free from any deleterious sub-
stance. , .•
TheJ^gature treatment, the knife, or. the
still more cruel treatment by dilation, be-
sides causing Intense pain and sometimes
collapse and death, are now ¦ known to
have little value as far as a . permanent
cure is concerned. . •
Thousands of pile sufferers bear witness
to the value of the Pyramid, Pile Cure,
and even In cases where a dangerous sur-
gic al operation - has failed to cure sur-
prising results have been ' obtained from
this remedy after a week's use. -
A complete treatment of the Pyramid
Pile Cure. is sold by, druggists everywhere
at 50 cents. ¦ ; ¦-••....-• ¦-: .
The Pyramid Drug Co. of Marshall,
Mich.,; will:' mall, to any address a little
book on . cause and : cure of piles and; a
list of cured patients from all parrs of
thO;United* States. - -/ '. '
ADVERTISEMENTS.
HISS HELEN MIJRPHT. f^^-^H^w ) 'I' I V^fll
Oshiosli, Wis. I jrN^^S^C
The newest shoe store in San Francisco invites n
you to see the newest, prettiest, yet. most moderately II
priced shoes in San Francisco. I
Wants you to become acquainted with new selling I
methods — courteous and always accommodating sales-
men, who know how to fit and therefore please.
A dependable, money-back, satisfactory store—
every customer must be pleased. thoroughly. Proprie- :
tors constantly in, attendance and never too busy to ¦
talk with customers and rectify errors.
. Your good will is dearer to us than any single
order could be. |
Women's Patent Leather Walking Shoes; heavy sole, lace, kid
tope, mannish last— splendid 6treet Bhoe at an attractive
Men's* Winter Shoes— box "calf* ." kid * "lined! ' bulldog:* "toe. 'latest
last, lace 84. OO
Child's Lace Shoe— kid, spring: heel, rawhide tip for better wear:
I sizes 6 to 8 81.20
sizes 9 to II 8l.4."»
Children's Dress Shoes— lace, kid, patent leather tip, extension
sole, spring bed. sizes 8% to 11 , \ 81.4f»
Misses.' sires 11% to 2 81.70
Our Iron-Clad School Shoes for Boys and Youths— strong
durable ehoes. yet natty and stylish:
Sizes 11 to 2 #] .70
Sizes 2hi to B S1.O5
Lippit-t fi»FivKcr-
U* *X» OATt SHOO O»QUAtlTyACCUSATIONS AGAINST
THE BERLIN POLICE
Openly Charged With Incapacity and
Corruption, and an Investiga
tion Is Demanded.
BERLIN, Nov. 3.— The second trial of
the rich banker Sternberg (sentenced last
April to two years' imprisonment for a
crime against morality) this week again
showed incapacity, illegal methods and
traces of corruption in the Berlin crimi
nal police, and the press is vigorously de
manding thorough reform of that body.
During to-day's proceedings the Stern
berg case assumed more sensational fea
tures. The evidence showed' that Crimi
nal Inspector Hullesem accepted from
Sternberg 30,000 marks as a mortgage
upon his house and a number of other
loans Also that Privy Councillor Romen
while State's Attorney accepted favors
from Sternberg.
Police President von Windheim to-day
suspended Criminal Commissioner von
Tresckowthlel and Officer Stingtaelter. In
court to-day Tresckowthlel admitted in
part yesterday's evidence against him.
The girl Woida. upon whose testimony
Sternberg was convicted on his first trial,
made a full retraction yesterday charg
ing Officer SU<=Tstackdoter and Criminal
Commissioner von Tresckowthiel with
having, by Intimidation, induced her to
testify falsely.
The handling of the mysterious Konitz
ritual murder case- by the Berlin police
has also shown their complete Incapacity.
One paper published a lift showing that
a majority of the murders and other big
criminal cases during the past decade
have been left undiscovered by the police.
The Senatorial fight In the Twenty-first
District has narrowed down to Philbrook
and Wolfe, with Philbrook leading. White
is far behind: his fight is hopeless. •
Will Sell Its Telephone System.
ST. PETERSBURG. Nov. 3.— The tele
phone system of the Russian cities,
hitherto operated by the state, will be
sold at auction November 20. It is under
stood the St. Petersburg municipal gov
ernment will bid for the local franchise).
Autonomy for Iceland.
COPENHAGEN, Nov. 3.— The elections
to the Iceland Althfng have resulted in a
great majority for the proposition of Prod
F. Gundmundsson to create a special
Icelandic ministry and give Iceland vir
tually an autonomous government.
Coal Veins Discovered.
ST. PETERSBURG, Nov. 3.— Rich coal
veins have been discovered In the Kloff
Government. The Novosti announces that
General Tomlch has arrived at Saratov to
investigate the labor situation.
JURY FINDS ZEIGLER
GUILTY OF MURDER
Lffe Imprisonment the Punishment
Recommended for the Santa s
Cruzan Who Slew His
Wife,
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SANTA CRUZ, Nov. 3.— After three
hours' deliberation the Jury to-night re
turned a verdict of murder in the first
degree against A. K. Zeigler. th« wlfe
murderer. His punishment was fixed at
life imprisonment. The prisoner will be
eentenced on November 16.
When the trial was resumed this morn
ing the deposition of Alfred Zeigler wm
read. He is a brother of the defendant
and resides In New York. He said insan
ity affected members of the family on his
father's side. His grandfather, two aunts,
an uncle and a cousin were insane. They
were never committed to asvlums, as
they fought against It. At times they
were violent. The father was Jolly and
affectionate and weighed about 200
pounds. , .
Mrs. Armstrong was the last witness
examined in rebuttal. She testified that
from her observation she did not con
sider that Zeigler acted as an insane
man.
The argument was commenced at the
opening of court this afternoon. District
Attorney Knight described the murder of
Mrs. Zeigler. He was followed by Attor
ney John H. Leonard, who devoted his
remarks to the evidence tending to prove
the insanity of his client. The District
Attorney closed the argument and in
structions were given to the Jury shortly
before 6 o'clock.
The case has occupied ten days in
court. During the entire trial Zeigler
has sat In court with the same cool, un
concerned air that has characterized him
from the time he was arrested.
SLAYER OF SANTOS
MORENO GOES FREE
San Luis Obispo County Grand Jury
Finds That the Homicide Was
Justifiable.
SAN LUIS OBISPO, Nov. 3.-Simon
Morrillo, who on September 19 shot and
killed Santos Moreno, is now a free man.
The Grand Jury examined the Informa
tion in the hands of the District Attorney
and its finding was that Morrillo should
not be held.
The shooting was occasioned by
Moreno's attempt to draw a pistol when
Morrillo was approaching him. Morrlllo,
who was armed with a shotgun, fired first
and killed Moreno. Moreno had not only
usurped Morrlllo's place in Mrs. Morrlllo'a
affections, but had added Insult to injury
by taunting Morrillo with the fact on
every occasion.
WORK OF THE BAPTISTS.
Leaders in Church Work Address the
Santa Kosa Convention.
SANTA ROSA, Nov. 3.— At the North
ern and Central California Baptist con
vention this morning the Bible study was
led by Rev. M. Slaughtery. An address
on "Systematic Beneficence" was deliv
ered by Rev. Thomas Baldwin, D. D.,-of
Alameda. "The .Moral Imperatives and
Their Sanction" was the subject of a
paper by Professor L. D. Inskee of Oak
land.
The afternoon was devoted to the Theo
logical Union and the Historical and Edu
cational Society. To-night addresses were
delivered by John M. Peck and Robert
Whittaker, and a stereopticon lecture on
the subject of foreign missions was deliv
ered by Rev. A. C. "Woody of Portland.
Tho convention will remain in session all
day to-morrow, adjourning to-morrow
night. ¦
Los Angeles County's Wealth.
LOS ANGELES, Nov. 3.— According to a
table Just prepared by County Auditor
Nichols, the valuation of property in Los
Angeles County is $100,137,905. The table
shows the valuation credited to incorpo
rated cities, as follows: Los Angeles, $60,
973.145; Pasadena, $6,031,090: Pomona, $2,
039,320: Monrovia, $427,655; Redondo Beach,
1267,545; Santa Monica. $1,033,990; San
Pedro. $386,580; £.ong Beach. $594,825: South
Pasadena, $495,420; Whittler. $283,S30;
Azusa, J187.3S5; Compton, $10,000. Total
valuation inside incorporated cities, $72.
906,485. Valuation outside cities, $24,254,627.
Smelter Employe Killed.
CROCKETT, Nov. 3.— Charles F. Linney,
a resident of Valona, was killed at . the
Selby Smelting Works this morning in an
elevator accident. He was about 38 years
of age and a native of Sweden. He is sur
vived by a widow and two small children.
Army Reforms Planned.
BRUSSELS, Nov. 3.— It is said the Bel
gian Cabinet has deciaed upon the ap
pointment of a mixed commission, com
posed of members of the Legislature and
army officers, to investigate military af
fairs with the view of Instituting army
reforms.. , : . .,«,, : ,¦ . .¦¦¦; .
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SAN LUIS OBISPO, Nov. S.— Two Indict
ments have been found by the Grand
Jury which has just adjourned against R.
E. Jack, ex-cashier of the defunct County
Bank. One is for felony, and charges him
with having assigned certain shares of the
corporation stock of the bank to Mrs. Nel
lie Hollister Jack, his wife, with the in
tent to defraud the creditors. The second
Indictment is for perjury. Jack is accused
of having on May 16, in the case of Green
leaf vs. Jack, which was then on trial In
the Superior Court, sworn falsely that
Mrs. Jack had transferred to him on
March 16, 1896, 330 shares of the bank
stock.
Mr. Jack was arrested to-day and Im
mediately gave bonds in the sum of $5000
on each charge.
INTERESTS THE COAST.
Postofnce Changes and List of Pen
sions Granted.
"WASHINGTON, Nov. 3.— Postmaster
appointed: Washington— Union, Skaglt
County, Clara M. Latham, vice Harry
Dean. resigned. Postmaster commis
sioned: California— John H. Crum, Dana.
Postofflce established: Oregon— Meridian,
Marlon County, Broer W. Otto, postmas
ter.
Pacific Coast pensions have been grant
ed as follows: i
California: Original— George W. Rich
ardson, Aromas, $8. Original widow—
Rosetta Marces, San Jose. $8.
Oregon: Original — John B. Hannum,
Wolf Creek, $12.
Washington: Increase — Nathan H.
Dodds, Sunnydale, $10.
• . . •• . • ?
Northern Pacific's Big Purchase.
TACOMA,' Nov. "3.— The Northern Pacific
Railroad (gompany has acaulred all the
tide lands of the- Tacoma Land and Im
provement • Company and all of the un
platted acreage of the land upon the tide
flats and a large number of unsold lots
of the land Company for a consideration
of $474,000. The railway company ex
changes all of its bonds and stocks of the
land company for property and will hold
no further Interest In the land company.
San Luis Obispo Grand Jury Returns
Indictments Against Former
Cashier of Defunct
County Bank. , \
JACK CHARGED WITH
FELONY AND PERJURY
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SEATTLE, Nov. 3.— The steamship Sen
ator, from Nome October 21, arrived to
day with 333 passengers and $500,000 In
gold. Among the Senator's passengers
was Receiver Alexander McKenzie of the
Nome Gold Mines, under arrest and in
charge of Marshals Shelby Monckton and
George Burnham of San Francisco. As is
already known, he Is in custody for al
leged contempt of an order Issued by the
Circuit Court of Appeals of San Fran
cisco. McKenzie declined positively to
discuss his case. T. J. Geary, his attor
ney, who accompanied him from Nome,
said that the contest would be waged to
a finish before the United States Supreme
Court. •
"It is positively untrue," said Geary,
"that McKenzie is short in his accounts.
When Ltndblom stated that there was a
shortage of $40,000 he knew he spoke false
ly. McKenzie had not made a report of
his receivership to Judge Noyes up to
the time of his arrest, but the whole mat
ter will be shown in its true light in the
higher courts. McKenzie is guilty of no
wrong.
McKenzie. accompanied by the Marsh
al» and Geary, left to-night for San Fran
cisco.
ELOQUENT SPEECH OF WHITE.
Stockton Democrats.
Ex-Senator Arouses Enthusiasm in
, STOCKTON, Nov. 3.— Stephen M. White
closed the local Democratic campaign to
night with one of his characteristically
eloquent addresses. The local Democrats
got up more enthusiasm than they had
heretofore since tho campaign opened.
Masonic Hall was well filled and the audi
ence frequently manifested its apprecia
tion of -the sentiments expressed. The
speaker devoted himself to the subjects
of trusts and imperialism,' ascribing to
the Republican party responsibility for tho
first and declaring the latter was the ulti
mate aim of the McKinley leaders. The
ex-Senator- was In good voice, and from
a Democratic standpoint of view made
the stronges and most eloquent address
of the year.
¦ ¦
RIVAL RALLIES AT SAN DIEGO.
Republicans Hold Big Meeting and
Democrats Meet a Frost.
SAN DIEGO, Nov. 3.— The largest meet-
Ing which has been held on the plaza dur
ing this campaign was addressed this
evening by l>uncan E. McKlnlay
of . Santa Rosa. Ex-Mayor D. C.
Reed called the large crowd to
order, and Judge .W. A. Sloana
presided. Mr. McKJnlay, who has been
campaigning 1 In the country for a week,
reported that his meetings had been very
successful and that a big majority 'was
assured for President MchJnley in South
ern California. The Democratic Central
Committee had advertised a rival meet
ing at H-street Park, but there were not
enough voters present to pay for calling
the meeting to order.
LENDING AID TO STANFORD.
for the Amendment.
Redwood. City High School to "Work
REDWOOD CITY, Nov. 3.— The teachers
and students of the Sequoia Union High
School at this place have adopted a plan
by which they hope to gain many votes
for Assembly constitutional amendment
No. 23, relating to the Leland Stanford Jr.
University. They have selected from tne
students of the high school a number of
young men, who will be stationed at the
various polling places throughout the
county on Tuesday next. They have been
provided with circulars and cards and will
urge the voters to cast their ballots for
the amendment.
Coombs at St. Helena.
ST. HELENA. Nov. 3.— The Republicans
of . this place closed the campaign last
night with the most enthusiastic rally
held here this year. Upon the arrival o"f
the evening train a parade was formed
and passed through the principal streets.
A -band, > numerous decorated wagons,
transparencies. Republicans mounted ami
on foot and citizens In carriages v/ere in
line. At the hall a large crowd was pres
ent. W. A. Elgin called the meeting to
order and introduced the chairman of the
evening. Hon. Owen Wade, Assemblyman
from this district. | After a few remarks
Mr. Waue gave way to Hon. F. L.
Coombs, candidate for Congressman from
the First District. Mr. Coombs ably dis
cussed the Issues of the campaign.
Gathering of Newman Democrats.
NEWMAN, Nov. 3.— The Democrats held
a large meeting hero to-nlgrht. J. H. Yan.
cey was : chairman. ; Speeches were made
by W. D. Crlchton, J. "W. Haley and L.
W.Fulkerth. -j^gfel^^i^^^gj^^j
Marshals Arrive at Seattle With the
Nome Receiver and at Once
Start Southward ¦With.
Prisoner.
MCKENZIE COMING
TO SAN FRANCISCO
SAN RAFAEL, Nov. 3.— Charles Solda
vani had a hand-to-hand combat with a
couple of masked footpads just this side
of Greenbrae tunnel to-night. Several
shots were exchanged and one of, tha
thugs is supposed to have been hit.
Soldavanl. who is employed at the Re
mlllard brickyard, was returning homo
alonsr the- railroad track at 10 o'clock.
When he approached the tunnel two
masked men sprang at him, one from,
either side of the track. On© was armed
with a pistol and the other wielded, a club.
They commanded him to hold up his
hands. Soldavanl drew his pi3tol and fired
at} the armed robber, who sprang: back
ward and fell or slipped down the em
bankment. The- other robber struck
viciously with his club at Soldavar.i. strik
ing him on the shoulder. He fired at his
new assailant, who dropped the club, and
giving a yell of pain ran down the track.
a short distance, disappearing over a
fence.
Soldavani retreated along the track and
was made the target for several shots
flred by the first lootpad. Soldavani re
turned the flre and the fellow fled.
San Rafaelite Refuses to
Pay Tribute to
Robbers. "V
?
Special Dlsratch to The Can
PUTS TO ROUT
TWO FOOTPADS
raised a storm about his ears in Lyons,
where he started last evening to Inaugu
rate a monument to ex-I»resident Carnot.
by accepting a banquet by the Chamber
of Commerce. The latter is regarded as
reactionary and clerical by the Socialist
municipality. Th« i»Iayor of Lyons and
the Republican Senators and Deputies
from the Rhone refused Invitations to the
banquet. The Socialists have posted biUa
calling on their followers to make- a
demonstration around the banquet hall.
Trouble la feared and reinforcements of.
police have been drafted In the city.
PARIS, Nov. 3.— President Loubet haa
PRESIDENT LOUBET
STTRS • UP THE PEOPIJ:
Special Dispatch to The Call.
VICTORIA. B. C. Nov. 3.— Advices have
been received here of the- recent outbreak
of tribal war In the Admiralty group of
the South Sea Islands. The outbreak was
quelled in a bloody fight. In which a land-
Ing party from the German corvette
Moowe defeated the belligerent natives.
The corvette was on a surveying cruise
through the Bismarck archipelago when
word was brought to her commander of a
tribal war on one of the Islands of the Ad
miralty group. In which one section of the
natives had, literally speaking, painted
the /Island red with the blood of their
rivals. It was reported that 150 natives
had been butchered, and with a view of
stopping this bloodshed the corvette was
headed for the island. One side had it all
their own way. being materially assisted
by the rifles looted from the stores of the
island schooner Metze, which had been cut
out by them some months prior to the
outbreak and its officers and crew of sev
en murdered.
The Moowe was dispatched by orders of
the German Governor, Herr von Bonning
sen, whose headquarters are at Herbert
schoeh. It arrived off Tavi, Great Ad
miralty Island, and ran close in to the
village before dawn. Two cutters, each
with a Hotchkiss gun mounted on Its bow,
were quickly lowered and a force of 120
Germans and forty native police, under
four German officers were put ashore. The
entire party, which was under the com
mand of Lieutenant Captain Herring, was
armed with rifles. ¦
It was intended to surprise the villagers,
but, unfortunately for the success of this
scheme, the cutters ran upon a reef, and
It was broad daylight before they were
extricated and headed for the village. It
was expected that the natives pn catching
sight of the cutters would make oft to the
bush, but In this the Germans miscalcu
lated the daring of the islanders. No soon
er were they in range than a volley of bul
lets whistled around their heads. 4ft was
then seen that the natives had ascended
the trees and from these points of van
tage were using their stolen Winchesters.
Fire was opened by the Hotchkiss guns
with good effect, while the guns of the
Moowe played en the natives from her an
chorage. A landing was effected and the
natives broke and fled, leaving 1 a large
number of their dead behind. Of the at
tacking force but three of the police were
killed, having been struck by spears In
close fighting, ar.d two sailors were
wounded, the aim of the natives not hav
ing been good. The village was then razed
and with a few parting shells the Moowe
steamed away.
Defeated and Put to Flight by the
Crew of the Corvette Moowe
After a Sanguinary
Conflict.
NATIVES ENGAGE LANDING PARTY
Battle Checks an Outbreak
in the Admiralty
i iiroup.
GERMANS TEACH
SEVERE LESSON
TO ISLANDERS
Special Dispatch to The Call.
PHOENIX. Nov. 3.— Deputy United
States Marshal A. J. Porterie this
morning placed under arrest Mrs. C. M.
Binford, daughter of Judge C. C. Mc-
Cornas of Los Angeles, and E. W. Harris
of that city, who were charged with
maintaining illicit relations. The couplo
arrived here last Monday from Los Angre
les, registering at the Hotel Adams as
C. W. Long and wife.
About a year ago C. M. Binford, then a
clerk in the First National Bank of Los
Angeles, fell in love with Miss McComas.
They ran away and were married, going
to Prescott, Ariz.,. where Binford obtained
employment with "the Bashford-Burmister
Mercantile Company. For some months
their married life ran smoothly, but
amicable relations were finally broken
and the husband sent his wife back to her
Los Angeles home about live months ago
It is said in her defense that since then
he has contributed nothing to her sup
port.
Recently E. W. Harris, who poses be
fore the world as a magnetic healer and
vkho is himself a married man, met the
woman. An attachment sprang up, with
the result that about a week ago they
suddenly left Los Angeles, coming to
gether to Phoenix under assumed names.
The information on which their arrest
was made came from the office of the
United States District Attorney in Pres
cott and probably was given by Binford.
They were placed under $500 bonds to ap
pear for examination on Monday morning,
and pending the supplying of the bonds
they are in the custody of the Sheriff.
They seem to be happy In one another's
society and the woman says she is des
perately in love with Harris. She is an
attractive girl of only 19 years. Harris ia
about 30 years of age.
LOS ANGELES. Nov. 3.— Mrs. C. W.
Harris, wife of the runaway "magnetic
healer," is almost prostrated by the news
of her husband's arrest. She was in a
highly nervous condition to-night and dis
played more grief than anger. She said
she would go to Arizona at once if she
could be of any assistance in extricating
her husband from his position, and rather
condones the offense than blames htm.
She had little to say detrimental to Mrs.
Binford, her enly anxiety being for the
safety of the man who has wronged her.
The present elopement is the second one
In which Mrs. Binford has figured. About
one vear ago. after she had married C. M.
Bln/ord without the knowledge or con
sent of her parents, the youthful couple
obtained parental forgiveness. Carroll
McCbmas, a sister of the recreant wife, is
whistling her way to fame, having recent
ly gone East to appear in vaudeville.
Judge McComas. the father, had not
succeeded at a late hour in obtaining the
$500 necessary to telegraph for his daugh
ters release, but hopes to do so In the
morning.
Erring Woman Declares She Is Des
perately in Love With the Man
Who Passes as a Mag
netic Healer.
POSE AS HDSBAND AND WIFE
LOS ANGELES
ELOPERS LAND
IN A PRISON
"Professor" Harris and
Mrs. Binlord Arrested
at Phoenix.
Er-ecial Dispatch to The Call.
SANTA BARBARA, Nov. 2.— LJttle Vin
cent Penfield lies at the point of death
to-nlgiit. the victim of an Insane father's
murderous mania, while a broken-hearted
mother is prostrated with grief.
For several days Eben Penfield. a resi
dent of this city, has been known to be
dangerously Insane and a guard haa been
placed over him. After a restless night
he became quiet at 3 o'clock tnls morning
and the household.»including his attend
ants, retired. Penfield awoke later and
eaid:
"I want to eee Vincent."
His wife soothed him. but he would not
desist and entreated to be allowed to see
tn© child, who was sleeping upstairs. At
last Mrs. Per.field grot up. saying she
would go to Vincent and return.
N"o sooner had his wife left the room
than the insane man sprang from his bed.
ran Into an adjoining room and took a
pistol from a shelf, to reach which he
had to mount a chair. As his hand
rrasptd the weapon he uttered maniacal
cries. Ascending by a back stairway, as
his wife came down by another, he ran
to the child's room and shot the Mule
one through the head as it lay asleep.
Help arrived just as Penfield turned the
weapon upon himself with the intention
of eadlcg his life. He was taken in cus
tody and will b<? removed to Highlands.
Goes to the Boom of His Infant Son
and Shoots the Little One as
He Lies Asleep on His
Couch.
EBEN PEKFIELD'S AWFDL ACT
Santa Barbara Child thq
Victim oi a Maniac's
Bullet.
WOUNDED UNTO
DEATH BY HIS
INSANE FATHER
NEW HIGH SCHOOL STRUCTURE OF
LOS BANOS IS OF UNIQUE DESIGN
Spanish Mission Style of Architecture Adopted and Arrange
ment of the Rooms Is Most Convenient.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, NOVEMBER 4, 1900.
V U the Board of Education of Los
I Banos. in Merced County, must
jj be given great credit for erect
u. ing a new high school building
which is an innovation and cer
tainly a decided improvement over other
buildings of this character. Instead of
the old-style red brick building, the con-
tract has been awarded for a building in
the Spanish mission style, the walls being
of brick. The rooms will all be on one
floor and there will be a high basement
for heating and ventilating apparatus,
sanitary work and play rooms.
The study room is in the center of the
building and will have a seating capacity
of 250. This room is light and lofty. The
other portions of the floor are divided into
five recitation rooms and offices, all open
ing into the main large study room, thus
dispensing with passageways and corri
dors.
The building complete will cost $15,000,
and will certainly be a handsome orna
rnont to the town. Louis S. Stone of San
P rancisco is the architect. "
HIGH SCHOOL BUILDING AT LOS BANOS, THE DESIGN* OF WHICH IS A DEPARTURE FROM THE USUAL
SCHOOL STRUCTURE STYLE OF ARCHITECTURE.
KFrom Design by Louis S. Stone, Architect.)
15
ADVERTISEMENTS.
No one needs to be told to try to cure
t cough. But any one will be glad to
be tola of a means of cure which will
be thorough and lasting. Dr. Pierce's
Golden Medical Discovery is a medi-
cine which can be confidently relied
on to cure diseases of the organs of
respiration. It cures obstinate, deep-
seated coughs, bronchitis and bleeding
of the lungs. It cures when nothing
else will cure, and the local physician
says : n There is nothing more that we
can do."
There is no alcohol in "Golden Med-
ical Discovery," and it is absolutely free
frorn opium, cocaine and all other nar-'
cotics.
The dealer, tempted by the little more
profit paid by Tess meritorious medicines,
will sometimes try and sell a substitute
when the J Discovery " is asked for. No
substitute medicine will 6atisfy the sick
like "Golden Medical Discovery." It
always helps. It almost always cures.
« Two years ago a severe cough started on roe
and I was alsa bothered with catarrh," writes
Mr. F. Skjod, of Danewood, Chisago Co.. Minn.
"I could not sleep nights, a* the cough was
worse at iiight. I tried several cough medi-
cines, but to no avail, until a year ago, when I
got so bad I could not breathe through my nose
at times. I thea tried Dr. Pierce's Golden Med-
ical Discovery. After taking eight bottles of
Dr. Pierce's Golden Medical Discovery, and at
the earne time using Dr. Sage's Catarrh Remedy,
I am a well man. I can thank Dr. Pierce for my
good health, and will recommend his medicines
to any one suffering from the same trouble."
Dr. Pierce's Pleasant Pellets cure con-
stipation. . "_ ...
ADVERTISEMENTS.
REWARD OF MERIT.
A New Catarrh. Cure Secures National
Popularity in Less Than One Year.
Throughout a grreat nation of eighty
million it Is a desperate struggle to se-
cure even a recognition for a new article,
to say nothing of achieving popular fa-
vor, and yet within one year Stuart's Ca-
tarrh Tablets, the new catarrh cure, has
met with such buccess that to-day It can
be found in every drug store throughout
the United States and Canada.
To be sure, a large amount of adver-
tising was necessary in the first Instance
to bring the remedy to the attention of
the public, but every one' familiar with
the subject knows that advertising: alone
never made any article permanently suc-
cessful. It must have in addition abso-
lute, undeniable merit, and this the new
catarrh cure certainly possesses In a
marked degree.
Physicians who formerly depended upon
Inhalers, sprays and local washes or oint-
ments now use Stuarts Catarrh Tablets
because, as one of the most prominent
stated, these tablets contain in pleasant
convenient form all the really efficient ca-
tarrh remedies.- such as red gum, Guaacol
Eucalyptol and Sanguinarla.
They contain no. cocaine nor opiate and
are given to little children with entire
safety and benefit.
Dr. J. J. Reitiger,of Covington, Ky
says: "I suffered from catarrh in my head
and throat every fall, with stoppage of
the nose and nritation in the throat af-
fecting my voice and often extending to
the stomach, causing catarrh of the stom-
ach. I bought a fifty-cent package of Stu-
art's Catarrh Tablets at my; druggist's
carried them in my pocket and used them
faithfully, and the way in which they
cleared my head and throat was certainly
remarkable. I had no catarrh last winter
and spring, and consider myself entirely
free from any catarrhal trouble." .,
Mrs. Jerome • Kllison of Wheeling, W.
Va., writes: I suffered from catarrh near-
ly my whole life and last winter my two
children also suffered from catarrhal
colds and sore throat so much they were
out of school a, large portion. of the win-
ter. My brother who was cured ' of ca-
tarrhal' deafness by using; Stuart's Ca-
tarrh Tablets vrged me to • try them so
much that I did so, and am truly thank-
ful for ¦: what they have done for myself
and my children. ¦ I always keep a box
of the tablets In the house and at the
first appearance « of a cold or sore throat
we nip it in :, the bud and catarrh is • no
longer a household affliction • with ¦ us.' -. -
Full sized packages of Stuart's : Catarrh
Tablets - are , sold for fifty ; cents at all
druggists. , '
ISSIAR.
A TRUE PROPHETESS
HER PREDICTIONS ABSO-
LUTELY CORRECT.
Prominent Business Men Daily
Among the Famous Gypsy's
Callers For Advice. !
Not a day passes but that Ismar is con-
sulted on everyday affairs of Importance.
Mpii who want to know something' Involv-
ing mystery about their business call on
the celebrated Kgyptian. Others come to
know If they should continue or not at
¦what they aj-e doing, •while many seek her
before cngraprir.p in some new business or
dangerous enterprise.
In all affairs of life no surer means of
aFctrtaining- the truths of the past, pres-
ent and future can be had than by con-
FUltinsr Ismar. Evidence of the most con-
vincing character has established her to
be the preatpst livinr Seeress of the ape.
yor months In San Francisco and yet not
one disappointment for her patrons. All
•who have had their life read by Ismar are
r imply dumfouncWi at the truthful re- '
FUlts of her predictions. Ismar can be
consulted daily from 10 a. m. to 5 p m
at her office. 1US Market street, two- doors
below Wcin«tock &. I^ubln's.
TO THE PUBLIC!
SAN FRANCISCO. Oct.
/t5wS?g< *• 1»OO.— To whom It may
ta^- "^^£ concern: This Is to certify
Hg> T that DR. WONG HIM of
Vyrv^T I 115-117 Mason street, San
3/_ JL.. I Francisco, has cared me
•gfeff*^ / of kidney trouble and
£SC*^~ / rheumatism and I am
happy to make this sute-
>5»>L. ''^ >?V> V ment. as I SnJ the Doctor
TM*'«fr3WBlV' flri '' t ' y honest in even
t^>jl?-~ lk^'-^.\rS* tensi <i' the word and an
iti;p * i ~ a " : '^ honorable man In all his
tfe&Ilnsz. DR. C. A. GAT. Dentist. 902 Second
fc\e.. Seattle, Wash.
PINOLE. June 23. 1S5?.— I t*Jce this means of
expressing my thanks to Dr. Wonj Him. 11S-
111 Macos etreet. San Francisco, for having
cured rr.e of kidney, womb trouble and cancer
cf the Btcraach. I w-as a great eufferer for It
year* and found no permanent relief until I
tried Dr. Wone Him and in six months' time
be hu cured me. Any person wishing me to
certify this can find me.
MRS. GEORGE BETZ.
Pinole, Centra Costa County, Cal.
P. T.. December 4. 1S39.— Dr. TVong Him. 115-
317 Mason «t.. S. F.. Cal. — Dear Sir: For the
benefit of others I wl^h to make a statement ot
rr.y case, which was heart trouble. After treat-
ing «'lth tit. eminent physicians my case Trag
pronounced lncurablp. Hearing of Dr. Won?
Kim and his wonderful cures. I decided to try
hie herb treatment. He <51<i all he claimed, and
after treating mix month* I am now well and
ftrong. Tours, reyp*ctfu!1yy.
MRS. BARLOW. 1027 Mission st. S. F.
DIRECTORY
OF RESPONSIBLE HOUSES.
Catalogues and Price Lists Mailed
on Application.
ATTORNEY.
F. H. MERZBACH. lawyer.
tot California st.. Clunic banding.
COAL. COKE XSD PIG IRON.
Jr WII T iv TO so ° B »" er y Street.
• W- WlLjUfl tt WJ-» Telephone Main UU.
COPPERSMITH.
Cm CM ITU PklP Plumbing. Steamboat and
n- J.T11I11. Ehlp Work a specialty. 16 and
J$ WMhin*ton »t. Telephone Main J64L
ELECTRICAL.
D. D. WASS,
Electrical Engineer. 36 East at.
FRESH AND SA.LT MEATS.
MC PnVEC£fft fc'hlpplns Butchers. IN
JAj- DUltbatU- o« y . TeL Main 1»«.
OALVAWZrfQ Ar*D METALS,
•ffr. ft Dernier tn Meta!» & Galvanizing. JOHN
FINK METAL WORKS. 31S Howard tt
METAL.
Ertra linotype and rtereotype ir-etal. Pacific
Mrtal Works. lS7-» First St.. San Francisco.
OILS.
1-trBRiCATnca orx-s. Leonard * ellis
«I Front «t.. S. F. Phone Main 171».
PAINTS.
Cylinder & Lubricating OU«. Schneider's Mlnln«
Candlea. CL O. CLINCH tc CO.. » Front, a F.
PRINTING.
EC RrfiHPC % PRINTER,
t» DUUDLj. tH San»ome st.. 3. F.
PRINTERS. BOOK BINDERS.
THE HICKS-JCDD CO..
Zt Flrrt tt.. San Fran^fco
STATIONER AND PRINTER.
Td c£S hle PAKTBIDQE "Sg 1 *
Wflilc ASH STEAM COAL, ?h£ e bEa?I
U1AMOND COAL MIMXO CO.. at lt« ORfcKN
RIVER COLLIERIES. !¦ the Bert Coal In th«
market. Otfic« *nd Yards— CO Main street
DDfTCUITC FOR BARBERS. JAK.
brtwera, Iwcktlndere, candy-makeri. canner*.
cytrs, Oounxiilii, foundries, laundriet, paper-
fcaocers, printer*, painters, mhoe factories, cta-
tlernen. tar-roofers, tanners, tailors. - • to.
BUCHANAN BROS..
Brush Mcnufacturers, 609 Sacramento St.
DB. XUtHE&R'S SWAMP SOOT.
Thousands Have Kidney Trouble
and Don't Know it.
How To Find Ont.
Fill a bottle or common glass with you?
water and let It stand twenty-four hours: a
. . r^. * .. * sediment or set-
iirjSjJ Hrr^Cd indicates an
-^w/] lr\ HfcJsT/c) unhealthy condi-
TWk v\^ss^7^P\Yr tioa of th « kid -
Wi\ SdiSt^f i i v ne y s: lf 1: st^ n3
\\ fTrC^JiU ev * c * ence °* kld-
tiLLfT^ ne y trouble; too
r*\f*S * re 3 uen$ Cesire to
'/'^r^ !^ P 3^ it or pain in
"*"""""* the back Is also
convincing proof that the kidneys and blad-
der are out of order.
T7hat to Do.
There is comfort in the knowledge so
often expressed, that Dr. Kilmer's Swamp-
Root, the great kidney remedy fulfills every
wish in curing rheumatism' pain in the
back, kidneys, liver, bladder and every part
of the urinary passage. It corrects inability
to hold water and scalding pain in passing
it, or bad effects following use -'of liquor,
wine or beer, and overcomes that unpleasant
necessity of being compelled to go often
during the day, and to get up many times
during the night. The mild and the extra-
ordinary effect of Swamp- Root Is soon
realized. It stands the highest for its won-
derful cures of the most distressing cases.
If you need a medicine you should have the
best. Sold by druggists in 50c. and$l. sizes.
You may have a sample bottle of this
wonderful discovery u^vft 7 *-
and a book that tells gSiSpsfe^ScS^^
more about it. both sent |ll-5r^2H Slfe^^ji
absolutely free by mall. * s55 5sJU^g^
Address Dr. Kilmer & Home of Swamp-Eoot
Co., Binghamton, N. Y. When writing men-
tion reading this jjensrous offer in this paper.
i Judge "William P. Lawlor has proved an
honest, ; efficient and able Judge, ind
should receive the votes of all citizens, ir-
respective of party. . •
ADVERTISEMENTS.
free (Jure for Baldness.
Prevents Hair Falling Out, Removes Dandruff, Restores prematurely
Gray Hair to Natural Color, Stops Itching and Restores
Luxuriant Growth to Eyebrows, Eyelashes
and Shining Scalps.
TRIAL PACKAGE FREE TO ALL.
tMLLE. RIVA, v GEO. N. THATCHER.
Famous French Contralto. Prominent Railway Official.
tdom who are loslns their hair or have appearances. I am happy to say that with
parted with their locks can have It restored by the Foso remedies my hair Is now moro luxurl-
a remedy, that ts sent free to all. A Cincinnati ant thaji It ever wa» and am thankful to feel
nrm haa concluded that the best way to con- that It Is all my own and caanot faJI oit to
vlnce people that hair can be grown on any embarrass me."
head U'.to let them try it and «ee for them- Geo. N. Thatcher of Covlnrton. Ky.. *
selves. All sorts of theories have been ad- prominent railway official whose duties ar» very
vanced to account for falling hair, but after exacting, was rabidly losing; all his hair. H»
all. ilt la the remedy we are after and not the- says:
theory. People who need more hair, or are "I waj retting so bald and such & ahlnlng
anxious to save what they have, or from sick- mark for my friends that I was forced into
r.ess dandruff or other causes have lost their usins hair remedies. I tried a dozen or more
hair should at once send their name and ad- before I ran across the Foso treatment and am
dress to the Altenheim Medical Dispensary, glad to say that I was well rewarded. My
1984 Butterfteld bulldinsr. Cincinnati, Ohio, in- entire ocalp Is now thickly covered with lone
closing a 2-cent stamp to cover postage, and dark hair of the natural shade and I know
they will forward prepaid by mall a sufficient beyond question that the Foso remedies caused
free trial package of their remedy to fully this result. I do not hesitate to lend my name
Drove its remarkable action In quickly reraov- and influence to these thoroughly trustworthy
mg all trace of dandruff and scalp diseases and hair growers. "
forcine a new rrowth of hair. Write to-day for a free trial package. It will
Mile Biva, 149 Avenue des Champs Elysees, be mailed securely sealed In a plain wrapper
the famous Parisian contralto, whose wonder- so that It may be tried privately at home,
f ullv luxuriant tresses add charm to a moat - The ¦ remedy also cures Itching and dandruff
bewitching personality, says: "I procured a sure signs of approaching baldness and keens
set of the Foso remedies while touring tht tha scalp • healthy and .. vigorous. It also re-
states and they actually caused my hair tu stores tray hair to natural color and produces
grow anew. We have In Paris such a bewilder- thick and lustrous eyabrows and eyelashes. By
ing array of hair dressings It stems strange we sending your name and address to the Alten-
must go to the. States for one that will make helm Medical Dispensary. 19S4 Butterfleld bulld-
the hair grow. I had for several years been los- Ing, Cincinnati. Ohio. Inclosing a 2-cent itama
Ing my hair, had tried everything, and wms to cover posta**, they will mall you ortoald 1
finally obliged to • wear • iwltchei - to keep up free trial ot ttslr remarkablt r«sw<iy,Standing: room only was the order at
Mangels' Hall, at Twenty-fourth and Fol
som Btre«ts. last night, where Republi
can of the Thirty-third and Thirty-fifth
districts held a Joint meeting. The crowd
¦was an enthusiastic one and showed its
feeling for its political favorites by giv
ing them hearty receptions. Julius Kahn<
received a great ovation, and it could be
seen that among the voters of the Mis
sion the Congressman has a host of sup
porters.
In his speech Mr. Kahn said that San
Francisco . had received its quota of the
prosperity wave, and that a comparison
of the present day and that of four years
ago showed that the city had got out of
the rut of poverty and depression and
was again in that happy . frame of good
times. '
This condition, this change from soup
houses . and I idleness | to business activity
and contentment- was brought about he
declared by the Republican administra
tion's interest in . the welfare : of the
masses. Mr. Kahn declared himself in
favor, of the Chinese exclusion act and
promised that if he were returned to Con
gress he would work hard for the passage
of a new act more stringent than the
original.
i E. Myron Wolf came in for a' liberal
share of ! applause 'during a speech .which
was listened to with interest by the large
gathering.. He spoke on trusts and pros
perity, and 'urged the return of McKlnley
to the Presidential chair with a surround
ing of Republican representatives to help
him In the continuance, of his good work.
D. J. Murphy., Percy V. Long. Richard
Welch, John Butler, Edward ". F.' Tread
well. Captain 1 Harry L. Wells. G. C.
.Groezinger and H. L. Joachimsen were
among the otheVspeakers. .
BIG BALLY IN THE MISSION.
CHICAGO. Nov. 3.— When William Jen
rings Bryan stepped down to-night from
the reviewing 1 stand at the Intersection of
Plymouth place and Jackson boulevard.
from which he had ¦watched to-night's
Democratic parade, and left for his home
1n Lincoln, the Democratic campaign in
Chicago, Cook County, and the State of
Illinois was practically over. For hours
after Mr.' Bryan had gone the cheering
thousands swept down the boulevard, for
it was a great parade — the greatest and
most successful affair of the kind ever
managed by the local Democracy. It ¦was
intended to be the crowning effort of Mr.
Bryan's followers in Chicago and the
county of Cook, and It proved in realiza
tion all that the most ardent Democrat
could have desired.
The weather was perfect— a clear,
bright moonlight night, with a cool breeze
biowing from Lake Michigan. The streets
B. Fay Mills to Xectura.
Benjamin Fay Mills wilUdellver a spe
cial patriotic lecture at Metropolitan Tem
ple this (Sunday) evening, on "The Real
and Permanent Grandeur of These
States." The public is invited. More than
half -the seats are free. Miss Belle Liv
ingston, soloist. ' •
.Adolph Jacobson. living at 411 Geary
street,, where he conducts a fancy goods
business, on returning from a walk with
his wife last night found his doors locked
and nailed up tight. It was all owing to
trouble' about who should collect his rent.
He had been irn the habit of paying it to
Dr. G. A. Cable, the secretary of the Six
Companies, up In Chinatown. Mrs. Ber
gin, the sister-in-law of the doctor, de
cided that she would like to collect the
rent for a change, hence the trouble.
Jacobson broke in the doors, and then
Dr. Cable summoned the assistance of the
police. The police decided that as Jacob
son had paid his rent 'and 'showed his re
ceipt he .certainly was : entitled -to stay
there.
FINDS HIMSELF BABBED
OUT BY THE LANDLORD
Upon the reviewing stand were Mr. Bry
an, Senator Jones, chairman of the Demo
cratic National Committee; Samuel Al
schuler.. candidate of the party for Gov-
were filled with cheering multitudes that
packed the sidewalks and the windows
and found points of vantage upon tops of
street cars and the roofs of buildings. It
would be difficult to tell which cheered
the more, the crowd of marchers or the
crowd of onlookers; but while the parade
was in progress the streets gave forth one
continuous roar of human voices punctu
ated by shrill blasts from tin horns and
tbe crash of music from the bands. All
along the line of march, which was con
fined entirely to the downtown streets,
men had been stationed with unlimited
supplies of red fire and positive instruc
tions to "keep her burning." The orders
were obeyed to- the letter, and the pale
yfllow gleams from the torches of the
marchers were throughout many portions
of the route made insignificant by the
bright crimFon glare from the many fires
along the sidewalk.
Slakes Five Speeches and Reviews
Long Procession at Chicago.
CHICAGO, Nov. 3.— With four addresses
In Chicago and one at Harvey. William
Jennings Bryan to-day practically closed
his long campaigning in the struggle for
the Presidency. To-night. from In front of
the Union League Club, on Jackson boule
vard. Mr. Bryan reviewed, amid a din of
cannon and slare of fireworks, an Im
mense parade of Democrats, which
marked the close of the campaign in Chi
cago, and late to-night he left over the
Burlington road for his home in Lincoln,
where, with his family, he will receive
election returns next Tuesday. To-day,
the third of Mr. Bryan's speech-making
in Chicago, was marked by tremendous
crowds at each of the five meetings ad
dressed by him. and the parade to-riight
developed into one long ovation, the cheer-
Ing for the Democratic Presidential candi
date being almost Incessant from the time
he stepped on the reviewing stand until,
rather weary from his arduous work of
the past three days, he stepped Into* his
carriage and was driven to the. Union sta
tion.
At noon to-day the'Iroquois Club grave a
banquet in hpnor of Mr. Bryan, at which
many of the members who opposed him
In 1836 pledged him support on' next
Tuesday.
At 10 o'clock Mr.' Bryan began. his day's
epeechmaking at a big open-door meeting
In front of the Transit House, Forty-sec
ond and Halstfad streets, . the center of
the stockyards district. Three other meet-
Ings were also addressed by Mr. ¦ Bryan
during the afternoon. At 2:30 p. m. he
spoke at an open-air meeting at Maxwell
and Union streets. At 4 p. m. he addressed
an open-air meeting on the lake front.
Washington street and Michigan avenue.
From there Mr. Bryan took a suburban
train to Harvey, where he addressed a big
meeting of foundrymen and mill hands.
The final meeting of the day and the last
of Mr. Bryan's remarkable campaign out
side of his own State was at the Calumet
Theater, in South Chicago. From there
Mr. Bryan went at once to the reviewing
stand, on Jackson boulevard,. where for an
hour he.' stood and bowed as the. hosts of
Democracy marched by and cheered- their
leader. ' '
BRYAN CLOSES HIS CAMPAIGN.
r. j i . •
ernor of Illinois; Mayor Harrison and a
number, of lesser lights of the Democracy.
The greetings extended to the Democratic
candidate by the men in the lino of march
were enthusiastic in the extreme.
The parade was divided into three corps
—the first corps, which held the right ot
the line, being composed of men from the
west side -of the city, under .the leadership
of Alderman John Powers of the Nine
teenth Ward." -who for this special oc
casion was dubbed Major General Pow
ers, a title assumed also by John S.
Cooper, who commanded the second corpn,
men from the north side, and M. C. Mc-
Donald, who led the third corps- ' the
voters from the outside. The three corps
were given precedence in the line of
march according to the number of men
they were able to bring into line, and as
the west side Is as large as both the north
and south sides combined the corps of
Major General Powers easily secured tbe
post of honor. Directly behind the com
mander of the first corps came a band
of sixty pieces and then the Cook County
Marching Club, an organization that al
ways presents a magnificent appearance.
It was given the first round of cheers,
and from its first appearance until the
rear of the third corps had passed thu
cheering was without cessation.
There were Bryan clubs, Bryan league.-,
Alschuler clubs and leagues and Bryan
and Alschuler clubs and leagues seem
ingly without limit. The great strength
of the parade lay, however, in the ward
clubs, which turned out with overflowing
ranks. Even in the command of General
McDonald, whose men came chiefly from
wards which In all • elections are hope
lessly Republican, the members of the
ward clubs were present In full force.
Great numbers of transparencies were
carried, many of the sentiments evoking
much laughter and applause. i . . .
The parade wa* three Jiours. almost to
a minute, in passing a given point.
BRYAN REVIEWS A BIG DEMOCRATIC
PARADE THAT MARCHES AT CHICAGO
WASHINGTON, Nov. 3.— General Mac-
Arthur to-day cabled the following list
of casualties during the recent engage
ments with the Filipino insurgents:
Killed— October 12, Laguna, Samara,
Battery F, Fourth Artillery, Fred L.
Reitz; : September 30, Taclohan, Leite,
Company D, ! Forty-third ' Infantry, "Wil
liam Sugg; Company D, Thirty-third In
fantry, corporal James L. Noble; Com
pany ¦ B, Forty-third Infantry, ! Alcaide
Glngras; October 30. Massin, Luzon, Com
pany E, Thirty-fifth Infantry, John E.
Blower; October 24, Narvacan, Luzon,
Troop L, Third Cavalry. Samuel Davis,
previously reported missing; October 25,
San Quintin, Luzon, Company I. Thirty
third Infantry, Sergeant- Vincent Burg
staller; September 22, Alantsas, Leyte,
Company 1 K, Forty-third Infantry, Harry
Vernon; .October 15, Tubungan, Panay,
Company B, Twenty-sixth- Infantry, Her
bert D. Brown; October 23. Sariaya. Lu
zon, Company C, Thirty-eighth Infantry,
John Lantoc.
Wounded— October 30, Maassin. Com
pany E. Thirty-fifth Infantry; "William A.
Staff eldt. Company r>. Thirty-fifth In
fantry; Matthew Mathala, knee, serious;
October 25,- San Quintin, Company I, Thir
ty-third Infantry, Thomas C. Tucker,
shoulder, moderate; • Thomas C. Davis,
thigh moderate; September 22, Alanbasi,
Lcyte, Company K, Forty-third Inrantry.
Edward J. Hill, foot, slight: John South,
thigh, serious; October 20, Legaspi, troop
D. Eleventh, Cavalry. John Brittles, thigh,
serious: October 30. oamiling, Luzon,
Company G, Seventeemn Infantry, Clar
ence V. Parker, arm, serious; October 25,
Bayambang, Luzon, Company L, Seven
teenth Infantry. William Hales, chest,
slight; October 8, Orion, Luzon, Company
D, Thirty-second Infantry, Frank G.
Schmidt, leg above knee, slight; October
24, Vlntan Luzon. Company H, Thirty
fourth Infantry, Earl Hale, arm.. slight;
November 1, Cangbiling. Luzon. Troop L,
Fourth Cavalry, John H. Rogers, arm,
serious.
RECENT CASUALTIES
IN THE PHILIPPINES.
LOS ANGELES. Nov. 3.-Carl
Martens Is dead. .The man who
-a few years ago was one of the
best-known Orchestra leaders in
the" United States, whose name
was on every tongue in musical circles
from the Atlantic to the Pacific, passed
away early this morning alone in his room
in a lodging-house at 242Vi South Broad
way. His' death was due to quick con
sumption, aggravated by dissipation. He
had no relatives In this country but his
wife, from whom he had separated. Shu
is said to be In San Francisco. He was
only 3S years of age.
Martens was a native of Hesse Darm
stadt. He studied In the conservatories
at Leipslff and Brussels, and at the con
clusion of his course came to the United
States. He was'a tine performer on the
cello and piano, but his specialty was or
cnestra leadership, and he at once took
a place in the front rank as a musician.
He was leader for Emma Abbott for sev
eral Reasons,", besides being a symphony
leader • in . New York. He came to this
coast as leader for the Tavary company.
Martens hy late year3 became addicted to
drink artd finally lost caste among the
musicians. Several .months agfo'he came
to Los Angeles, and for a time was leader
of- the orchestra at the Imperial Cafo.
His health continued to decline and as he
was apparently unable to control his ap
petite for liquor, he- lost his position and
went to Arizona. . -;
- Last Sunday Martens again appeared in
Los Angeles. ; He was a physical wreck,
broken down and penniless. The Imperial
management told him he could have his
board, while the members of the orchestra
rented a room for him, where they could
look after him. During last night lodgers
Carl Martens came to the Pacific Coast
with the Tavary Opera Company as con
ductor for that organization and wielded
tne baton during the season of three
weeks in February. 1836. In that position
ho, attracted the attention of the manage
ment of the TIvoll Opera-house and vai
offered an engagement, which he accept
ed, dating from February 22, and which
continued for some time thereafter. He
had previously been connected with the
management of the Emma Abbott Opera
Company and had toured the country from
end to end as conductor. At the Tivoll
Opera-house he succeeded Adolph Bauer.
Upon leavlnp the Tavary company he was
Kiven as a testimonial by his old musical
associates a baton of ebony, on which, was
inscribed a mention of the last season
with that company. He was also banquet
ed by the >Tavary orchestra and received
many flattery marks of attention.
heard him groaning and this morning he
was found dead.
NEW YORK. Nov. 3.— A special to the
Sun from* Rome says: Recently there was
much curiosity about the . Vatican for
nearly a month over a strange man who
has been loitering about the entrance. He
was '.well dressed and well behaved and
as the police seemed to know h.im the
Vatican authorities could do nothing. At
the beginning of the , week the mystery
was 'solved, for as Cardinal Rampolla was
eijterins his carriage fhe .stranger, shpved
a writ into his hand. The stranger proved
to be the Bailiff of the High Court, and
the writ' was Issued In the suit of Count
Confalsinlerl against the:- Pope 'and the
Vatican, whose legal representative Ram
polla was'held (o be. |i ' ' ¦' ¦ ' • -
The Count is the nearest- surviving rela
tive to , the late/Count Falconlerl, who
died forty years ago. leaving a fortune
estimated at lO.noo.ooo lire (about $2,000,000):
It was supposed that he left- no will and
Pope Pius IX therefore took the property
for the benefit of the Holy See, his right
being then that of temporal sovereign.
Recently Kalconierl's will was found and
it Is said that . he bequeathed his entire
fortune to ; hia child, who is now Count
Confalsinierl. The latter now demands
the property,' with Interest. ' • . .
Sfiecial Dispatch to The Call.
Writ Quietly Served on Car :
. dinar Ramp )lla at
Rome.
SUIT AGAINST
POPE AND VATICAN
- " /• - ~
CARL MARTENS. THE NOTED MUSICIAN AND ORCHESTRA LEADER.
WHO TASSED AWAY UNATTENDED BY FRIENDS IN HIS ROOM.
IN A LODGING-HOUSE AT LOS ANGELES.
Both the Policy 'Board and the Board of
Construction, however; have gone on the
theory that it is wise to take advantage
of the existir.R sentiment of th? country
in favor of a larger navy- and they have
besides. in their view large programmer
adopted ¦ by Germany and other nations.
There is no desire on the part of any offi
cer to emulate the 'example of Kafsef Wil
helm, but it is deemed important that a
navy should be established which will
place enough ships at the disposal of the
United States not only to protect the At
lantic, Gulf and Pacific coasts but outly
ing American possessions.
This programme Is not so comprehen
sive R3 that formulated by the Board of
Construction of the Navy Department,
which also considered the programmes of
foreign nations, especially Germany. Sec
retary Long has called on officers not at
tached to any' of the boards for their
views as to the programme to be submit
ted to .Congress, and when he returns to
Washington will determine what meas
ures he will recommend.
Before the Secretary left the city an Im
pression gained ground that his recom
mendation would be confined to gunboats.
Eleven armor clads and three protected
cruisers, authorized during the last and
preceding sessions, have yet to be con
tracted for. and the Secretary fears the
shipbuilding yards will not be able to ac
commodate any additional vessels of great
displacement.
CALX, BUREAU. WELLINGTON HO
TEL. WASHINGTON, " Nov. 3.-On the
basis of a possible war with an European
power, the Naval Policy Board; of which
Admiral Dewey Is. president, has submit
ted to Secretary Long a comprehensive
programme for new war vessels, to be
submitted to the coming Congress.
Special DlBpateh to The Call.
Its Programme Is Not Quite So. Ex
tensive as That Formulated
by the Board of Con
struction.
An Opinion" \ Expressed by
the Naval Policy
Board. ' *
MANY NEW WARR
VESSELS NEEDED
THE: SAN FRANCISCO :.GAfcli, SUNDAY, NO¥EMBER-4, 19<)().
CARL MARTENS FOUND
DEAD IN HIS COUCH
Dissipation Cuts Short the Career of
the Noted Orchestra Leader. 1
16
• Joseph T., O'Connor, Democratic candi-
date for Justice of. the. Peace, is growing
stronger every day. <The. people recognize
his ability and integrity. ?
SHjBT uGftn to cure any
k Kifir I HAH cay of eczema
K nA H HflH or tetter, or if
I m WhV ra El vJll one a PP llcat '° n
T , . „." ¦¦ H - WJ the ltchln*.
Price 25 cents. All druggists, or sent post
K&'^JKK* 1 * 1 - 0 ' Price. DR. PAUL DE
FORD, 175 N. Spring 8 t.. LoaAnseles. C*i.
NEW WBSTERiN HOTEL,
KEARNT AND WASHINGTON STS— RE-
modeled and renovated. KINO. WARD &
CO. European plan. Rooms. SOc to II 50 day;
$3 to W week: $3 to $30 month. Free baths; hot
and cold water every room: fire grates In «v«ry
room: elevator runs all night.
_Vi^tIP Tt> *TjJL rj remadj for Conor-hem,
Gleet, Sp«rmali'.rhni,
Whites, unnatural dii-
SBm Gamnued U charge*, or any ins. *nm.i-
mSm not to nziavarr. tion. irritation or nlc«ra-
Wk •ffr. j mi'- mu<ut. tton of in it c o n « m»m-
SXlTHEEv*«CHEM!CllC3. brane.. Xon-Mtrinucnt.
¦a it a. a vg|T"or »rat in plain wrirP"-,
HllbMl l^m/^m b T exprew, ptvpat.l. fot
*>°°. or 3 bottled. 12.73.
""TafWr^T^* ¦• Circular sent oa r^'iait.
Or. Bennett's Electric. Belt
Makes weak men and women strong and strontc
men and women stronger. Rooms 5 and i \l
Fost St., Sao Francisco. Cat
ADVEaTISElgENT3.
FOR THE. CHILDREN.
To Keep Their Digestion 'Perfect
Nothing Is So Safe and Pleasant
as Stuart's Dyspepsia Tablets.
Thousands of men and women have
found Stuart's Dyspepsia Tablets the Bar-
est and most reliable preparation for any
form of indigestion or stomach trouble.
, Thousands of people who are not sick,
but are well and wish to keep well, take.
Stuart's Tablets after every meal to In-
sure perfect digestion and avoid trouble.
But it is not. generally known that the
Tablets are just as good and wholesome
for little folks* as for their elders. . '.
Little children who are pale, thin and
have no appetite, or do not grow or
thrive, should use the tablets after eat-
ing and -will derive 'great benefit from
them.
Mrs. G. H. Crotsley, 533 Washington
street, Hoboken,. New Jersey, writes:
Stuart's Dyspepsia Tablets Just fill the
bill for children as well as for older
folks. I've had the best of luck with
them. My three-year-old girl takes them
as readily as candy. * I have only to say
"tablets" and she drops everything . else
and runs for them.
A Buffalo mother a short time ago, who
I despaired of the life of her babe, was so
delighted with the results from giving
the child these. tablets that sho went be-
fore the notary public of Erie County, N.
Y.. and made the following affidavit: . .
CJentlemen: : Stuart's Dyspepsia Tablets
were recommended to me for my- two
months' old baby, which was sick and
puny and the doctors said was suffer-
ing from indigestion. I took the child to
the hospital, but there found no relief. A
friend mentioned the Stuart Tablets and
I procured .a box from my druggist ana
used only the large sweet lozenges In
the box and' was delighted to find they
were just the thing for my baby. . I feel
Justified in saying that Stuart's Dyspepsia
Tablets saved my child's life.' ¦
MRS. W. T. DETHLOPE.
Subscribed and sworn to before me this
12th : day of April, 1897. ' - ¦
HENRY KARIS.
Notary Public in and for Erie Co., N. T. .
For babies, no matter how young or
delicate, the tablets will accomplish won-
ders In Increasing flesh, appetite and
growth. Use only the large sweet tablets
in every box. Full sized boxes are sold
by all druggists for 50 cents, and no
parent should neglect the use of this safe
remedy for ;c.ll stomach: and ;• bowel
troubles if the child is ailing in any way
recarding its food or assimilation. •.
• Stuart's . (Dyspepsia* Tablets ? have i been
known for years as -.the .best . preparation
for all ptomach v : troubles, whether. In
adults or. Infants
•SOI CHICMCSJTER'S tNCUSH
PEHHYRQYAL P3LLS
Rf"7aL>X,S.M > E. *iw»T.r»lt»hl». [,».!l».«.Un^'l
>- ?( &Si '*" CHICUKSTKU'S KNGLISH
V^tw^ ia KCD >al (ioM m«t»;ii3 tx>in walxt
*hv -i/*-*? "itl> <>!»• rlbbea. Take mo •• v^-. Sefas*
•*A £K* 1%<4 I»ai«t«roa» ¦'ub-iUtnUonn and Imltii.
J * I " (jf tton*. B»* af T° ur Onn 1st, or wad to. la
I C t Jf tumpt tn Particulars. TrotlmunlaU
I «• B «a4 "Relief for Ladlr*.'*>-> Utfr, h» rr»
_X ¦£r tmrmMmU. 1 ».»«»» Tmttnealaia. P»!thj-
"t~-— •/ »!I Dru«ti«'»- Ckleheater <'hemleal<r»-
•tnUoa Uii' p»5«r. Madloon "««-«r.-. IMULA.. J*JU
DR. HALL'S BEINYIGORATORgETSg
Five hundred reward for any KJ«
case we cannot cure. This secret ¦¦ ''^H
remedy stops all losses In 14 hours.
cvinps Emission*. Iitipotcncy, \ Ari" r^jj
cocele. Gonorrhoea, Gleet. Fits JJfl PJvTTI
Strictures, Lost Manhood and alt £gJ UgAj
* astir.* effects of self-abus* or F«?_^3
excesses. Sent sealed. $2 bottle; 3 1 ™i"tm
bcttles. $3: guaranteed to cure any case. Ad;
dress HALL'S MEDICAL. INSTITUTE S^,
Broadway. Oakland. Cal. Also for sale at 10T3V,
Market St.. S. F. AM private diseases quickly
cured. Send for free book.
AZ>V£BTIS£3CENTSb
Beauty
Remarkable Discovery Wfcsrebj Every
Lidy May Now Attain tin Per-
fect Bloom of Youth.
A Free Trial Package Sent bj Mail
• Prepaid and Sealed in Plain
Wnfypir to All Who Send
Name and Afdrass.
It has -remained for a Cincinnati woman to
discover the secret of a perfect skin. She has
at last found the key to feminine beauty. All
the sighs and heartaches over a poor appear-
ance may now be banished, for It Is within the
m'eana of every lady, young or middle-aged, to
have the clearest and most refined complexion
- MME. EMMA FATON*.
so dear to a woman's heart. And what Is still
more pleasing and convincing Mme. M. Rlbault
who discovered this grreat secret sends free to
every woman who writes a sufficient quantity
of the beautifler to show her how easy It Is to
attain beauty when you know the simple truth
and the rlrht remedies.
Mme. Emma Fayon. the famous contralto
who created such a sensation last season, not
only by her marvelous voice, but by her won-
derful complexion, obtained a free trial of Mme
Ribaulfs Remedy, and this Is what she says
of it: "You cannot imagine how delighted I
am with the effect produced by your treatment
Mj» complexion has been all that I could desire
and all that could be demanded of one whose
life work Is to pose before a critical public
Just what Influence this perfect complexion has
had upon my voice I cannot say. but I presume
the knowledge that I have accomplished so
much has given me such a feeling of content-
ment that I have nothing to worry about and I
presume this has aided me very materially In
my singing. My complexion had always been
a source at great uneasiness to m<; I was con
tlnualiy worried from the fact that although
the store, are flooded with complexion remedies
nothing was of any service to me. as pimple?
backheads. freckels. and a rash defied them
all I can assure you of my heartiest good wlTl
and am perfectly satisfied to have you referTo
me as a firm friend of your remarkable com-
plexion remedies. I fully endorM them '?. com
wl- h n<H ," / aCe P ° Wder - cream - cosmetic or
S"ay >0U WrOt '- not fal1 t0 wrlt «
tion. Asthma. Paralysis.
Brain. Jferve. Cancers. Tumors, Blood. Mai*
and Female Maladies. All persons afflicted
with any kind of malady whatsoever are In-
vited to call. Office. 727 Washington st OfHce
hours — 9 a. m. to 12 m.. 1 to 9 p. m. : Sumiavs.
10 a. m. to 12 m. Accept grateful thank* fo-
efTectlngr a cure of asthma of several years
standing. A. DARLET. San Rafael.
S -raise; f»o ch^.
Successor to lir. LAI PO TAX
graduate of Canton Medical
College, after a very success-
ful practice of many years In
China, has located in San
Francisco. The surprt-lnsr and
marvelous cures effected by
bis herbs demonstrate their
potence and his sk!H. Thes*
herbs cure over 400 different
diseases, including Bright' s
Disease. Diabetes, Consump-
PALACE AND
GRAND HOTELS
The best evidence of the popularity of
these hotels can be found tn the continued
patronage, of those who on some previous
occasion hare made them their head*
quarters when visiting: San Francisco.
Connected by a covered passageway and
operated under one management oo U>«
American and European plan.
A2* ELEGANT SE1*ECTICM».
Oculists' prescriptions filled. Factory oa
premises. Quick repairing*. Pbooe, Main 19.
0PTICIANS^ n JS5^;««W.
642 Market 5t. instruments
unota chbohicu BuriDivfr. ClTAtOGUE FR!£.
Opera = = -
Glasses,
Lorgnettes,
ATJVEBTISE3IENT3.
PR.
MEYERS
& CO.,
SPECIALISTS
Established 1881.
DISEASES I
AND
WEAKNESS
OF MEN. il
Oldest, Largest and Best Equip-
ped Medical Institute and
Most Extensive Practice.
Founded Nearly 20 Years Ago.
Consultation Fres at Of-
fice or by Mail.
Our treatment rives vim, vigor, vital-
ity, strength and ambition to weak and
despondent men. young or old. married
or single, reujrdless of the cause ot
their trouble. We roaster wa»t!ns
weakness, unnatural drains, losses, etc.,
quickly and permanently.
WE ALSO CURE :
Special and Contracted Disease*.
Including Contagious Blood Poi-
son, Stricture, Varlcocele, Hydro-
cele, Rupture, Piles, Diseases o?
the Kidney, Spine, Bladder, etc.
PAY WHEN WELL.
Any one doubting our ability and
wlshtnr to test our methods, remedy
and appliances may deposit tbe price of
a cure In any bank In Wan Francisco. IF
A CURE IS NOT EFFECTED IN" A
REASONABLE TIME THE BANK
WILL. RETURN THE MONET. Pay-
ments may b« made In monthly In-
stallments If preferred. Prices reason-
able, alike to rich and poor.
HOME CURES.
Our home cure system Is mar-re/lously
successful. It you cannot visit San
Francisco write us In confidence and we
will send you. sealed, by mall, a booklet
which contains a treatise on all (Ma-
eases and weaknesses of men. and a
prreat deal of other valuable Informa-
tion.
'721 Market St.
I C/J. an Francisco.
ELEVATOR I Hour*. 8 toS dally.
ENTRANCE I l-^-^t 0 ,?; .
[ ANOTHER BLACK TAFFETA SALE. I
g^ We inaugurate to-morrow morning another very important sale of Black Taffetas. The
ZZ Silks represent a remarkable purchase, secured in such a way that to-morrow's prices do not
.85= even cover the cost cf the ra'v silk. The qualities of these splendid Taffetas are of the highest j^g
it: order, and remember, we will guarantee, every yard sold by us orrefund the amount paid. -3
g GUARANTEED TAFFETAS. EXTRA SPECIAL. %
gT" 1500 yards iq-inch. ooc guaranteed Taffeta. .\ 79c yard 2000 yards IQ-nch 75c Taffeta 55c yard "2
•p: 1200 yards 2.s-inch $1.25 guaranteed Taffeta. .95c yard 1500 yards 21-inch 85c Taffeta .69c yard
g- 1200 yards 26-inch $1.50 guaranteed Taffeta.$1.15 yd. 1200 yards 27-inch S1.25 Taffeta 02c. yard
| a&?9 A FLANNEL WAIST SALE. EXTRAORDINARY BLACK GOODS i
I W S3.69 EACH. BARGAINS. |
m _^^>-^*v. REGULAR PRICE 9CtOOm ¦«»•»•«• m i>ii»iiiii« ¦¦.» n-nrTiiii • *m
r= <^MN >- «— ««t PEBBLE CHEVIOT AND VENETIAN, rs
Afl\i**Av\\\-V<i vaIue » in fctylUh Fllk Waists which **^
jail** ¦' ' • V> V\\ ,A brought hundreds cf buyers from _ ,, . . _^__ - • -^g
SI B uW'i ' ««?«<«« of tS>« city. To-morrow n-e pre- , , ' Tm "' "i". 7° /\ /^
£ /?J)P I ;;.] U$l -nt >n ofterin B even more remarkable. "^ lre<1 « t0 T <* ou ™? <>"/ 'f rts to ' B ft I \ 3
2^ par\\'^v { j»/|**/ ThK wlrti on »I» arnnade of lta vbi the coming w**k. W e therefore call B M
V^\ XAf/'i> nnest French Flannel, finished with very your att " ntlon to * wo exceptionally W K >@jf f9 -g,
— • - \VA^>*te^7 fn0 ti:rks fi " 0 ver i ' c ' M - back ar.d rn / P drains in Mack dress goods. *&M /^k i
S= ViirT^^i^ Meeves; a grand flttlns waist, in fash- Should either one prove unsatisfactory / " I I ¦ ¦ •¦ =^
Mk I > nr ' abl<> «>»°™ pf OId no". Cardinal. we will gladly replace It with new ma- ff S 1 , •-
~~ /\Vk ' Oarnet. Xavy. Lavender. Light Blue. terial or refund the money paid for it. A? ¦¦ f »^/
I'IlA ' Gra^ » n(1 Black - a11 s! « s - Kemember B»-I-NCH B1LAC K PE BBLE CHEVIOT S =s
""¦ lilvte ' these are J8 OP waists. For Monday and and 54-INCH BLACK \ENETIAN. • ~«a
fc: f '/\ tfVp \l Tuesday, special CO.«» warranted pure wool, sponged and _
S= J+-J '* U Each OO shrunk, $1 50 values, special at....YarU REGULAR VALUE $150 r^J
£ 33sC FOR 50c f '• — — ; -St LADIES' 3
E BUCK CASHMERE A GREAT OFFERING. V MACKINTOSHES 3
E KOSE. REMNANTS OF TABLE LINENS. $4.50 EACH. .3
t^ For Monday Only. We waited until enough remnants had accumulated to make . w , v An « the^ 8hIpment , t0 . i^5
3n dozen Ladle*- all this ** le th «' BARGAIN EVENT of the season. Every Remnant. f * «* Offered at a special _
•— v-nni Riark o»«hmVr* no m»»ter what loss It may occasion, will be eloped out at ex- ¦ price. — *
.^— Hnfl , a fine Qualltv a«ly ONE THIRD Iw. ih»n the former wiling price. The very — «fc &-ery on- gruaraji-
•E^ . wnrriru-rf «"alrie« * bept irrades of German and Iri*h Linens in many tasteful deslirns "¦» \' h ** *o be waterproof. _ a,
SZ '"If" .t Hrp rf;".resento«l in this lot and all will go at ONE THIRD less. *»J' M »<*e of a dependable --*
"*~ « Z , m mi «-. Ilemember that earijr comors will chocfe frcm largest varieties. OFF quality, with military
"•"" Q Pairc f"<r tl (IT • cane andlnl?.id velvet — .•
a raiiS iji ji.uj. ? oo ii ar: a n sizrs. . «
£ S5.75 FOR A S7.50 PEAU DE S01E WAIST. A TOWEL EVEMT; 3
J^r Make Tin selection before sepin* thp«t\ Another on? of our Wfc nav ' Prepared for a record-breaking sale ,r»"fl /^ P^ -r
tm— fnmrtu? offerin«r«. 1 h»re er« 95 to to on sale to-morrow, and in our Towel Department. We are positive %L H (^ W —^ I
i^— Jv-tter-made weiets have net be»-n sold this season. Our N*-\v that fuch values have never hoen equaled \ R K ¦ Ha 1 ~ —
E J^^z£ml£: m^™ c $™7^X\^^ s««? im *y * r *s spot v- m^"vA'W..^
•— <!e Pole, tn the very- lateFt fashion, daintily tucked front and Huck Towels and we intend to *ive our patrons _-,__„ rS
Kark aid all over elc*>v*; in lieaut'.ful olorlnss of Pink. I^iirht tht " benefit of. this si>ccial purchase. They area D ~.£.c.?tm _ --
Hlue. Old Ro=e. Uv.ndt-r, Turquni»e. Garnet. <*eri*e. Alorte. !«i>lfndid quality, extra heavy, with rla«n wh'lt- r- -i'w — " m
Oreen. Gray and Elark; frizes 32 to 44. On sale <Tcs-75 and red borders, sir- 21x12 and considered good ti^ca va uc = »
y~ at Each Vpt? value at a dozen. To-morrow $253 Dozen. — «*
E A $2.50 UMBRELLA FOR SI.65 SAMPLE PIZCls OF Y0K1KGS. A GRAND WALKING SKIRT. =1
Z^- S3 Cabrrtl*« will go on sale to-morrow Values Krcm $2 to f% a Yard. S3 93 EACH """*
ZZ « the above irice The, -re worth tt 50 At 2 5C, 35C, 50C Strip. Coo* V»lii« ci«n 13
-t: .ach. but we boucht them cheaply and so Over p ,^ ff were c , 0^ ou , COOd V*|U6 S5.50.
»»- may > ou if you J»re prompt. They are eov- Eastern manufacturer at practically our A perfect-flttln* Skirt, made of a superior **^*
JS^T ered with l"nionTa3eta ?i!k and have para- own price. Exquisite Myles in cut-out quality Black Kersey, tailored In the best ' ¦»
gron frames and steel rcxis. All have rases Appliqued Taffeta. Embroidered Satin and possible manner, with 12 rows of stitching ZS
SET and tassels to match. The repular ladies' \ elvet. Mouysellne de Sole. Taffeta, also on bottom. We consider it a Krand bar-
SH size, with choice handle? of natural wood, Lawn. Swiss and Or R andy Vokincs. in lace „,_",,' *,,, ! , « ~*
Main and silver mounted. h"rn. ebony, etc. and shirred effects; wer» tnld from ?2 to Kaln and Fo wi " JOU when you see it. On -*»
To b« offereJ to-morrow only at ** » yard. ¦ To be oITered In strips of 10 tale Monday only ~*^
_, , _, _ _. - _ . . Inches each at - -r
SI.65 EACH. j 25c 35c, r>oc Fach. S3 93 EACH.
g ALL-WOOL EIDERDOWN FLANNEL. SaS»ft#M^^S^H)a"ff^ : S^^^|^^j
S ForWond2y23cYartf. Reg, Price 49c. r^i^S^^^M^^M^^S^^S^ 3
LADIES' INITIAL country orders receive prompt attention. WOMEN'S 3
£ HANDKERCHIEFS " BATH R3B^ S 3
ADVERTISEMENTS. *
A New Feature with H. LieDes & Company, j
! We are now manufacturing medium priced fur gar-
ments. Heretofore our efforts have been confined to
the making up of the most expensive furs only% such as
sealskins, etc.
i Oar name is on every garment made. , It is a guar-
antee of merit and a constant reminder of the" fact that
we are the largest exclusive fur house in the world. .
No reliable house -in America can sell dependable
fur garments at lower prices than we do.
F-UR. CAPES.
¦ A bsautlful lini of elictric seal (looks and w-ars like ssai) capes
j with a Persian lama yoke— two h=ad* and four tails— very stylish: !
U-inch «22.so i8inch..... 5:7. 50
16-inch 25.00 20 inch 30.CO
(S:e cut abovs.) -V 7;
F"OX. SCARF'S.
The most papular neck piece of the season— New York has gone
wild ever them— a big assortmtnt ready:
Red Fox........ $8 50 Blu: Fox $8.co
Sable Fox fo.50
Send for our Fashion Book — Free.
, inccm*o*ATeo 9 &KINGSTON, Jamaica, Nov. 3.— The
strike of the employes of the Canadian-
American Street Railroad is serious. The
service is almost at a standstill. A few
cars are running under, police protection
and a strong police = force. has been called
out to guard the works from assault.
Strike Becomes Serious.
CHRISTIANIA, Nov.' 3.— At a meeting of
the Ccuncll to-day the resignations of
Ministers Hoist, Nysom, Lolchen and
Thilesen were accepted. . Ex-Minister
Knowko was appointed Minister of Agri
culture. Lieutenant Colonel Stung was
made Minister of Defense. M. Marstad
was made Minister of Finance and Cap
tain Fparre was appointed a member of
the Council of State, sitting at Stockholm.
New Ministers Appointed.
will make such concessions as will satisfy
Peru and Bolivia. Dispatches from Villa
Concepcion, Paraguay, announce that sev
eral cases of the plague have been found
there. .«•->. »•.'.-.;.•.--» r '
P. C. Kelly ihz assignee of the Boston
Shoe Company,. 7TS Market street, will to
morrow, place on sale 430 cases of ladies'
and gentlemen's fine shoes; of good make
and quality.. worth $4.00; will go In a rush
for $1.65 a pair at the Assignee Shoe Sale
of the Boston Shoe, Company, 775 Market
street,- near.Fourth. •
Now. for, Another Bush.
An old physician, retired from practice, had
placed in his hands by an East India missionary
the formula, of a. simple vegetable remedy for
the speedy »nd permanent cure of Consumption.
Bronchitis, Catarrh. Asthma and all Throat and
Lung Affections; also a positive and radical
cure for Kervous Debility and all Nervous Com-
I iaints. Having tested ltti wonderful curative
powers in thousands of cases, and desiring to
relieve human suffering. I ¦will send free of
charge to ell who wish It. thU recipe. In' Cer
rucn. French or English, with full direction*
fcr preparing and using-. Sent by mall, by ad
6resfcincr. with stamp, naming this paper, XT. A.
Xoyes. S3* Powers' Block. Itocbexter. N. T.
CONSUMPTION CURED.
Glasgow Free From Plague.
GLASGOW. Nov. 3.— The last of the
plague Eufferers was dismissed from the
hospital to-day.
LONDON, Nov. 3.— Lord Robert" In t
dispatch from Johannesburg dated No
vember 2 reports no less than eight fights
at. different- points,, all unimportant, .but
significant of the activity of the Boers.
General Kitchener,- after a night march,
surprised Schoeman's laager at Steen
kampsburg and then pushed on to Schalk
burgher's laager ; at : Rooikranr, but- th-s
British. were prevented from following up
th/t BxAn. who treked north, ¦
Lord Roberts Reports Eight
Unimportant Fights
With Boers.
BURGHERS ARE
STILL ACTIVE
President Roca accompanied President
Salles on board the steamship Rischuleo.
Both expressed the hope that this visit
will fortify the friendship between the two
countries. „ ,^_ ., «
The Trlbuna, organ of President Roca,
says: "Now after the new impulse given
to the idea of fortifying the peace of
South America by a concert of opinions
of Argentina and Brazil we can look with
complacency on any attempt to disturb the
peace of the Pacific slope. We are able to
give assurance that Chile, Brazil, Para
guay, Uruguay and Argentina . will work
together and settle the questions between
Chile, Peru and Bolivia without war or
humiliation to any party •oncerned."
' ; This is taken as an : indication that the
long pending* dispute over the provinces
of Tacna and Arica will be ended soon.
Chile holds the ¦ provinces, : but - probably
BUENOS AYRES, Nov. 3.— President
Campos Salles of Brazlland other Brazil
ian officials, who have been guests of the
Government of Argentine, - have departed
for Rio Janeiro. . . .
tween the Republics May Be
Amicably Settled. V "
Now Conceded That Questions Be-
PBESIBENT SALLES SAILS
FOB BIO JAUIERO
spread by the authorities of the Transvaal
of the brutality,of Great Britain's soldiers,
but the people' were soon reassured that
they had nothing to fear from the man
In khaki, . no. matter how battered and
war-stained' his appearance.
"This-: testimony,,, concludes Lord Rob
erts. VI feel sure will be very 'gratifying
to the people of Great Britain and of that
Greater^Brltaln whose sons shared to the
fullest extent the suffering as well as the
glory of the war, and who helped so ma
terially to' bring it -to a successful close."
Lord Roberts. explains that he thus ap
peals because of. the distressing and dis
creditable-scenes -resulting from Injudi
cious friends speeding the parting sol
diers by "shoving bottles of spirits Into
their hands and pockets.
Prisoners in the hands of the British say
the Boer losses in the fight with General
Barton October 25 were 140 killed, wounded
or missing. .. - t ' . , , ,\ • ... . •¦
LOrd 'Roberts sends from Pretoria a
striking appeal -to his countrymen to re
frain from .turning the welcome, of -the
home-coming - troops Into a drunken orgy.
He expresses the sincere hope that the
welcome will not take the form 1 of ¦ treat
ing to stimulants . and thus . lead to ¦ ex
cesses that .will tend to degrade - those
whom the- nation delights to honor and
lower the soldiers of the Queen In the eyes
of the -world., which has .watched with un
disguised admiration the grand work they
have performed', for their :. sovereign" and
country. . ' • - •
VI. therefore beg earnestly," says- Lord
Roberts, "that the public will refrain from,
tempting- my .gallant comrades, . but twill
rather aid them to uphold the splendid
reputation they.have won for the Imperial
army. I am. very proud to be able th
record -.with' the most ! absolute ¦ truth •. that
the conduct of .this army from first to last
has'becn exemplary. Not a single case of
serious crime has been brought .to my no
tice; indeed, nothing deserving the .name
of 'crime. ..I -have -trusted, to the men's
own soldierly feeling and good sense and
they have. borne . themselves . like ¦ heroes
on the battlefield and like gentlemen on
all'other occasions. ¦¦ :: - ¦ f . . -: r-> - •. »
. "The "most rnailci«v"» falsehood* ' w«r«
CHRISTIANIA, Nov. 3.— The Norwe
gian tariff bill has reached the Storthing,
changing the duties on a number of im
portant manufactures and raising the du
ties, especially on 6teel and steel wire.
copper wire, liquid carbonic acid and cop
per alloys. ,
Cotton Takes Fire.
LIVERPOOL, Nov. 3.— Fire broke out In
cotton which had been landed on the dock
from the British steamer European since
her arrival here. October 29. from New
Orieans. and 500 bales have been damaged
by fire and 1000 bales by water.
Changes in Tariff.
ST. PETERSBURG. Nov. 3.— Official re
ports show the grain has been completely
burned up by the drought In portions of
Siberia. The fields have not been har
vested and are used for pasturagre. The
price cf grain at Semipolatisak is over ons
ruble per pood. :.->¦¦
Grain Destroyed in Siberia.
Sensational Turn in the Proceedings
at Konitz, Prussia, Caused by
an Accusing Letter.
KONITZ, Prussia. Nov. 3.— The trial
¦which has been in progress for a fort
night past of a cumber of persons sus
pected of being implicated In the mys
terious murder of a boy, Ernest Winter,
some time ago. in the so-called "ritual
crime," has suddenly taken a sensational
turn. ¦-.. .-.•-
The murdered boy's father, who is a
high official, in a letter addressed to the
State's Attorney, charges a Jewish
butcher. Elsenstaedt, of Prechlau, with
accomplishing the murder. He also
charjres Eisenstaedt and a cynagogue
eexton, Hossek, with perjury committed
<Iurirjg_ the course of yesterday's testimo
ny. The actual murderers have not yet
Leen discovered.
MYSTERIOUS MURDER
CHARGED TO A BUTCHEB
Wliom Is a Prominent
Socialist.
ROME, Nov. 3.— Searches made at
Genoa, Milan and Florence have resulted
in the discovery of title deeds, stolen from
the Vatican, valued at 220.000 francs. A
xr.a.n and a woman were arrested at Genoa
end a search of their home disclosed a
quantity of American title deeds. Others
rere seized at the residence of two money
changers. They ail claim they purchased
the deeds in good faith. One of the per
sons arrested at Genoa is a prominent
member of the Socialist party.
Several Suspects Arrested, One of
PE0PEB.TY STOLElf FROM
VATICA2J IS RECOVERED
Minister From Argentina Accorded a
Hearty Reception at Rio de
Janeiro.
RIO DE JANEIRO. Nov. 3— There was
e. peneral demonstration here in honor ot
Eer.or Gorostiagia, Minister from Argen
tina. There was a banquet in the ever.
lng at which all the diplomatic represent
atives were present. United States Min
ister Bryan, in responding to a toast,
i-poke of the friendship between the Soutn
American republics and added that the
preat nations of the South do not need
conquest to maintain their prestige.
Senor Gorostiagia, in reply, said the
United States furnished a worthy ex
ample for those who have established
democratic institutions In South America.
DEMOKSTEAnON HT HONOR
OF SENOB GOBOSTIAGIA
French Bankers Think I/ondon. Will
Be Obliged to Ship More
Gold to Paris.
LONDON. Nov. 3.— The Statist says that
the short supply and continued outflow of
gold induced the market to adopt a cau
tious attitude at the beginning of the
week, but no appreciable gold exports and
a better supply of money caused bills to
be taken freely since Tuesday. The prob
abilities are that the Bank of England
will be compelled to take further Imeas
ures to protect the reserves.
French bankers think London will have
to Bend mere gold to Paris in consequence
of the larjre pums due France. Money is
still wanted for New York and the indi
cations are London will have to ship more
there.
OUTFLOW OE GOLD
INDUCES CAUTIOUS MARKET
"The Carlists involved in Catalonia are
acting contrary to the Prince's desires.
He was warned of the preparations and
notified the oiigrinators that he disap
proved of the movement, saying it waa
injuring his cause. He cannot explain the
outbreak. Many different elements are
concerned. Many Spanish soldiers who
formerly served in Cuba and the Philip
pines are among the revolters, who also
nave a number of strikers in their ranks.
Poverty, it is believed, is the true cau^o
of the outbreak."
Count Marichplon. for years the Cham
berlain of Don Carlos and who is in close
touch with the Prince. *aid:
As to what is transpiring in Spain I
only know what the papers say. But I
can say that Spain is thoroughly Carlist.
Deep discontent reigns throughout the
country against the Government. This
discontent is justilied, especially by ths
rtate of the finances. I do not think the
outbreak is encouraged by Don Carlos or
else he would have issued a proclamation.
Had he taken the initiative armies would
have been raised where oniy bands arc
moving."
PARIS. Nov. 3.— Count Urbane de
Maille. the representative of Don Carlos
in France, in an interview to-day is
quoted as saying:
VENICE. Nov. 3.— Don Carlos, the Span
ish pretender, in the course of an inter
view had with him. declared that tas
present rising in Spain is contrary to his
orders and will retard instead of pro
moting his efforts to secure his ricrhts.
MADRID. Nov. 3.-The situation is
calmer. Many CarHst notabilities havt
been exiled, including tho curaie of a
parish En Madrid, charged with the recep
tion of Carhst funds. The closing of
( arlist clubs, the arrests of Carlists ami
the searching of captured quarters con
tinue in the provinces.
A dispatch from the Captain General of
Catalonia announces the appearance of
a band of twenty-five Carlists.
BOUEGH MADAME. Eastern Pyrenees.
I; ranee. Nov. 3.— Spanish otJicers and sol
ciers on vacations have been ordered to
rejoin their regiments immediately. The
Carbineers in the vicinity ol the French
border have been ordered to retreat upon
Puycerda at the first warmr.gr. A column
of infantry and detachments of cavalry
have been ordered to Puycerda and Sao
co Urgel.
Spanish Officers and Soldiers on Their
Vacations Receive Orders to
Hejoin Their Regiments
at Once.
Says It Will Do Him More
Harm Than Good at
This Time.
RISING AGMNST
CARLOS' ORDERS
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, NOVEMBER 4, 1900..
17
THE EMPORIUM. | TOT EMPORIUM. | THE EMPORIUM. | ' THE EMPORIUM. _ j J : ~ THE TnffPORIUM. _ |
V '" * ' ' . . : , -* y < - ; ¦'¦-:' ° . ¦ ' ¦ " * Jf
£ Oarvast Holiday Stocks are ready. Th«y make one Every purchase W JB Jfc jf^'B^^k W BBI flj fflk & It perhips seems\ Opera Wraps— Silk lined. $12.50 to $75 :%
K of the grandest disolays of holiday merchandise in America, made here IS with 1 H I" WT BGfl| B^B BloPl !«« enl ' J i0 talk °f Evonin 9 Wa/slS-White and light shades, $7.50 to.$25 V
J! There are tecs of thousands of Christmas Gifts selected by our the Strict Under- H IHB, B^lfBM W M mSBi Xvias fiUrcluses, Fino Black Silk Skirts— 320 to $75 «J
V New York and European bayers from all parts of the world, standing that you BKjBw^ *^ Sk.W%4M VV^ but OUt- of- tOZVtl Ostrich Foathor Boas— Evening shidea, $12.50 to^----
I In the book department 300,000 volumes at cut prices; Silver- are to be Sailed HP Oolrf^rB«.ill« BftZAAP * Wfi $ L^/h Ztn oi'eVaOo!^^^ *
» ware, Jewelry. Watches, Leather Goods, Bric-a-brac, Pictures, or your money re- lm>HHg ¦ m4M M€M€mm • . . "^ MW montn, W/ien §§ a i n Ornamon Is— Fancy gold and silver, with aigrette. S
J. Art Goods, etc.. etc., all at department store prices. turned. CALIFORNIA'S LARGEST—AMERICA'S GRANDEST STORE stock* are complete $3 25 to S1O x
t S KHa^S^iefs Manufacturer's Sale of Clothing %?«™ s . £jrg f
% m tho OM n a , .f to ., ror Men, ffoy* anil Children, 70c on the $L tLSt^SS^S^^S m[^W s
•yr have been added to onr exten- - . . . j the rotunda. -^y^ft^^. If/ *•
'// sive stock of Ladies' Hnndker- j^^ J fjT\ <^ rfQv Our ClOthino: buyer (who has JUSt returned We carry the very best American {SS^K V ' W S
' chiefs-direct importations from f^g' g ¥jL from New York) while in the East closed out SfkeS 1 "?. .^^ 5
¦Ireland, Switzsriand and E lg iand— foi/(fei (Sk^v from several manufacturers of high grade clothing the E j g ertoa, Bergin and the Empire. r^^^s^^^S " % «
indoubtedly the largest collection and /C f\ Vy^m^^& |\V >) balance of their Fall and Winter Stocks, at an average These are some of the big store's Sg^SJ^H jJ '*
>st value, ever owned by the big store. / ' l\ . U$W>Wr^MI<^\&/ of about 7 °C on the $1.00. This is one of the largest prices for cut glass ware: $
tee Trimmed-ik..r lawn or linen / J '\ ]V '. J fe |^#£)TOnn^ ¦ and most advantageous purchases that wl have ever b J^? peIMtl g5jS <^S^> £
, with fine Valenciennes insertions- i <*1 1| I J J^Mgj^lUw LAU m ade. The fabrics and styles are the latest and most Ollve Dlshes ;" g^ Sugar and Creamers S
styles 25o \2^ *H KtM^^SB^WH U I) desirable to be found." No cheap work in the lot, every 1 I 1 n^ h ot^ dy Dlsh " 52*lH r pncher'"'*:".:'S 5 *S?t *
*•* Shear Liiwn Handkerchiefs, with insertion an! -_ f A \ U 1A^7^^kG> 0)7 JQ_sL detail carefully carried out.* Beginning Monday, we water BottiVs".:"*.*."ff3!nb whiskey Jugs .".*.".*.".V*^roo *
JI , Bffl , of valencies i^cs-bi, .a.ues-each /5c 1^7 U §M% M -^T^^offer this great assortment of new style winter Clothing S^W' Berry* 3 ' 75 Z£$S j£-::::%\z$% J
J. II.mstitclKd Hankerchiefs— fine lawn— with - o 7^7 /•' / // 'J^Mv aa — ~ . ?0 J. , .. , Bowls -84.73 10-Inch Berry Dlsh felS.Oft •
* edreof pret»v V.ie.cienn^-seviralstres— 3ach... IHC 'Ml!} I / Acfe UV „ . « « JUC On tne aoliar Or leSS. - Rose Bowls S6.OO 13-Inch Vases S13.5O j«
g Finest Lawn— trimmed with beautifnl Meshlin o --¦-- f/Mj 1/ I L- Sfl " Man 's SackSuits, f«r winter wear, all-wool Cheviots and '•
S> or Va enc ennes li.ee — 'ew sMlia— 5jc to &Z.UU ' //''! • =a^y^^"*\v 1 \ f\ Gassimeres in new, nobby efffcts, wool aerge linings, a good all* d&Q QB 5
i Real Duchesse or Renaissance Lace HmdKerchiefs— ' // [> I \\ \ \ I around $12.51 business suit, sah price..". 9O'&** Tr/mminns for These are the correct trimmings S
I? hand maae. rich pa. terai — CS m 6 4f9 «T#t // • - • * • en ' s Finest Sackfults — A grand assortment, comprising worsted?, _ «#_,-- Or*GSS for Fall and "Winter 1930-190 1 jr
t» each fO 9/101/ // Cheviots, v r cuna oifori mixtures in all latest colorings, stylish des gned, hand-tailored through- a*in TBS f. • 1 d -T • \k.-l .T,.- ..»?, 4e« ». oo en X
i All linen, very sheer, handembreiiered and hemsi.tchei. 1 ew / O at. worth $1S and $17..S0, sale price /. * 91Ui75 Escurut Point?, in three sizes-each 35*2Ao 32.50 {
JV de.fcn... ......... /5c, 25o, 50c I' Men's Fine Overcoals-B'.ue and black Kerseys, new Oxfords, black Thibets, f/1 «« i p a p n K d o.S^^ZIZi:^Sr"iwIS>, * f!S I
I al h.ve ,nk velve, ,0^, a-, , Uk HrM thro 0g hou>, wor.h .p to $ 17.5O, .a^e price $W.SS Spiled £to£ |
$ T w^n'L O^fed^?tV? Men's High Class Overcoats^Worth up to S35, Boys' Vestee Sulto-Neat dark effects, small coat g^Sd^^^^ J
** wtin.naem.roia.iea 11 ki l . t> in tn^ box two qun^ef- maJe of the finest Kerseys. bue.bl!ck and brown, all-wool collars, double-breasted vests, knee pants, ages jj^ Go i d Belting— yard 38o M SOo. 85o X
*k ' oa aDQ *°° Coverts, oxford and black.Vioanas, a complneline o: rou^h 3 to 8 veprs. worth $295. sale price &§*€** G}d Cloth— yard...- S3. GO 5
*' Newest Cjrded Be.ts are tje latest style and in effects a 1 .of them lined throughout with b2st 71 > Boys' Vestee Suits— Pretty all-wool fabrics, fancy Gold Embroidered Taffeta Yoking— yard $8,00 X
** in B*>tt*s most demand ' of si k linin(?». sale pric^i 9* * mi O % \\± doub e-breasted Vests, tmbro:d?red shifHs, sizes for Gold Embroidered Chiffon— vard $2.50 J*
t> r r'^tL ?,'ipH Rah. a ii-i!i«« •»«« Boys' Long Pants Suits — All-wool fancy Chsviotss 3 to lu years, worth fB.OO and $6C0, sale tf9 jgg% Sleeve Ends by the Yard S3.OO to $3. OO jJ
k* BhckaniGdd Corded Bi t^-novel designs $y.00 round-cornered sack coat-double-breasted ve;t $3,QQ ?"=;•-• ; • ' m -'V 'j I"" - t f 1 f 5
y fe «»*•««# —made to stand hard wear— worth $j,sa!e price Boys Overcoats — Tan whipcord coats, with velvet x
£ EmnreSS Glace J"3t opened two case* of the B °y s> Lon e Pants Suits— Blue Serges and Chev- collars, long cut, good winter weight, ages 4 to -» f qo /VeW OraSS Silk and wool Moreens, black andJaU^tha *
*' Mf;Sr*i~.. ~ &* nn s p'endid Empress Glkce Kil iots— fancy tweeds and .cassimfres— single ao 16 y«»a-=, worth ?3 5 ». sale price m&Mm&€9 p: n j nas new colorings, yard ...............0OO
* Ktd Gloves &I.OU. Gloves - ia steal griiyj, ox- and 1-uble breasted coats— worth ?10, sale price 9O.98 Boys' 3-piece Vest Suits— All-wool blue Cheviots, *-'"'"9 9m "Spun glass," the only substitute for 5
K Hoods, modes, reds, nivy, greens, browns, tans, slates, white Boys' School Suits— Made from strong all-wool and attractive patterns in casdmeres and tweeds, doubl 3- taffeta silk, ail colors yar-1- '~"""'~?O°, 'J
X a: d fast black-fitted and warranted-nj hotter hdies' glove miterials.double-breasted jackot« and knee pants, -,-» breasted vests, wi:h round-cornered sack coats, 9 jm Q Nubian Fast Black Linings, bataen, Near Bilks and 5
&! made at the price -per pair $1.OO eizaa for 8 to 15 years, worth $3.45, sale price..^if*^O worth $5.00, sale pries 9&m**O Lustra's, yard - ..1UO to 4-Oo x
* : '- ' — — — — — : : — • x
I On Monday at Much Less Than Resal Worth. Furniture* Garnets and RuiJSm \
% ¦¦¦'.'¦ \ •¦¦¦¦' — ¦ . - ¦ _ x
% Umbrellas m Sale Of Msn's ¦"' Two bta of 85o Satin Bought all Our specials this week are well worthy of attention. For quality and price we are second to none. J
j: One-Quarter Off". 27 Night Shirts j S^ n t! f_ a ? lg e h x ! Duohesse-63c £5*iS? S* h5 We request all intending house-furnishers to make a comparison of prices and we shall be satisfied with S
X si k Umbr.l as (for men or women) in traordinarily low pries for Monday Fall stock of 2)-inrh colored Satin Duch- the verdict. We can suit those of the most moderate taste and those who wisn tne Higher grade Of goods, •
* co'ors and b ack,mostl/colors,with hard- ony. V esse, all pure silk, a richly finished, extra Pnlrlin^ Tied— A« in cut 4 feet 8 n!nin n TnM<. »«inenL m
?. 8om 2 hanl!es,natnra' crooks si v*r mount- Srft fleecy flannelette in pretty patterns' heavy satin, in a beautiful line of new • K«»wf fiLtS inches hSirh fitted Uinin S laDle, as incut, £
£. ings. Dresden, etc., w 11 be placed on -made' with a yoke ard co 1 »r-cut colorings, such as: __ ' "V^",^ Ll^I^A^lttX^ made of quarter sawed %
V sae Monday at OHC-quartcr Otf full and long— with one pocket -*_ Reseda Grays Cerloe Purple f^^^a&f^H 1 Ir Ld M V irolden finish has oak golden finish, top is v^m'i / 1!11> w H X
X regular prices, because of -Monday .I...... 43 C Reds- Goblin - Brown Navy, etc. | Y> S!^? t- I 2 uarter . sa^ ed °. a k ' S' ' ,* inrK ., „_,„. *.„- S'tN*™ S tST V^ *
* some, light imjerf^ction'or flaw. For Fine llailln N ght ShirU-full cut an! This is tho P rad Q that we sell regularly HB , &? ; J-^vy two-ply cbse . woven wire mat- 48 inches square, heivy, ¦ yT 1Sff- -«
2» icstanc-. some of them are short a made long — handsomely trimmad— for 85c yard; Monday only t~f* y* |>^f ""-^ ' tie38 ' /J i*>>. flute l ana carvea legs, yU.;y^- V -^
W cover, otheri have perhaps a little dent felled seams— Mo iday.... — — O&G M gyp >'.;- SUp^j all hand polished; has 4- \j\ iy fc=4 m (?J It
f in handle. Szes26and 23 inches. ...'........ O7C • • -•¦• ' ?* v *%. J^lff Wi^\/o^\ inch neatly carved rim; S © M g © ?
£» Prices regu'arly. $3 50 to $12.00 each. — ... '& Wffl 0- - y 24 <££Qr^<4rJ) r«n h« ,!„,,.,, a f _ t & T M H n «
*- = " — $2. Of) Shnt><s fnr* .'"¦Nearlv 5Oc Skirt A !u=ky pur- ' * % S . ®*W) japan- rT| TT| K^ can be extended 8 feet, fflfc f ffi> f» ty
¦g S2.25 Jointed 92 '. °° S *° ** n fOr 20*Z s PatteVnS--29o cha3a fc haf i V - ° e1 , ll i.illll. L cur rezuTar price is $28- 8 M B ' S
S Doll fcr $1.52. Qlris-ft.33 oilllJ ¦ * we h.ve jast V\;&2:'T* 8te^ an unmatchible bargain | T *
*» ,„ VM Too finttnn j i»4 made of .120 dozen file quality Flanntl- *» A > „ ;,. springs [TV \\-* /xUtJsDjxv. •» ft.;. «mV. «,;,.. "5
I A very pretty full pat- SIm with kM A A «tta Skirt Patterns, ia Jjli* colorings. l^L'T *Lh7j -bed ff^C^^^^g}) at thl » week> » P"« |
v ent Jointed Papier t ps-and vesting fA daintily emttroilerii on bo'.tom, woven fe>'-^. , -iij » a l'| '^^y^S^WffWV ' &21.5O %
£ Mache Dill, 21 /< ffl*'~*ft top lace shoe3 with 11 xf/ bordered band, extra wile 5 Jc Skirt good jj^'^llf/.'ji'ip mi ni|»[ii nihb . «^^»^«*^«^ j*
V inches long, jujt Jr§M»§» patent 1 ather tips iv Patterns, on. special sale Mon- oo*» V8^ ie • P 111' 45
J|> the thin; to dress /&ffiW>*$±. —worth $2 a pair— "1 \ day only, each «*»«» at $3">-our price this week, fc^ ZTL^^T^ China Closet, a3 in cut— mada of -J
v for Xmas, fine I Vi^'T fj%\ to be closed out I G& W& ' — : £fr*%g% "9 Bf t- i j r» j « • /f 1^"**^ qa^rter saw^d oak, goldjn finish, hand >r
; bisque head, show! f*i||MC) &" *f.3S «M Y|aV Groceries-Liquors $29.75 gf^aW 3^1^°^^^^ : ;
g Afon^T^/O T GkT "---best Eastern Sugar 6^ SSi-S?^ iJKg 1 V4 FilR^ff »^?t 1
J ringlet wig, patent /^ , > '}> 1 o f £ace H W Cured -Emporium brand .piica thi* waek tyBVmW —^ ends', has French tnoramragS :?
** leather shoes, cot- / ' V ; Curtain \jjl W .—Monday, only— per lb.. 'if aC _ vw<-^^w-» We have J° 3t opened a very ehgant '^/ '//j plate mirror, four i " ««
V ton stockings, rib- . \ - Fnrtst ' ¦ ' Raisii'9 — new 3-crown loose Mu<cat«>lt f^U new l' ne °f enameled beds, in such — ~J— adjustable shalvea, rf^f^./.^ 1^ •' JK
»»* boa trimmed chem- |II5 Mil % K.nas. —Monday— 2 lb? 153 \f\ Mlt^ff a3D ' onaD ' e colors as ivory end goli, / a beauty; our reft- >^^^^^r ,; S
\, i?e, worth $2.2>, W f||Lr^te»' Another fine lot of Irish: Pcint and Bru3- Prunes— fancy new Santa Chra— Mon-. . j 1 [///// light blue and cameo, mshigany, ivory ' fy // • nJar price J27.50, fflwyvw "*
te Mon- — »j. £-*» CB-'^ct-*^^ re^ J ce Curtain ends — ranging in day-r8 lbsl..'...'. .-25o I jlu [I with bird's eye panel, light olive, dark .' on sale thb week, > v ybF^y x
a day.... v&MmZid£ r *5> length from 1J to If yards— 4 ) to 6J Prunes — fancy new Santa G'ara — 50 / I III ll green, etc., all marked at the 1 >west pos- v^; / *i**^^ mm m* ' w%%? X
% . inches wide— 2 to 6 alike— and the to CO to the !b— Monday- 4 \bs...25s ///.A /'«/ ll sibla living prices. Dressers, Coiffoniers \ /^> I &Ztm7J5 : , yi •*
|> Zephyr On Monday a special pur-' choicest lot of fine ends that we hive Citron— best imported ncwCoreicin Cit- JJM-cBhJ}, ar.d Dressing Tabes to match. /^Z££LL5r\ /0/fr ' '«
K V^OO/^5, , c , h f e , of f lOOO^Iaps of ever been able to secure-;ome of these ron-Mondnv-lb |3o Dining Chair -A, ia cut. box seat. \( ffl" "'IT )/ Book Case-Gold- Mw* %
\\t 7-nhrr W.«l in I ™Vt q T °* c 0 ™ 6 "^^ 'r<>m $20 curtams— fine Baking Powder - Emporium brand— W^Ujtt^ Jill , . made of selected oak, golden finish, hand L^\ ' V {^ en oak or matog- //'/M?
* S P KS B 7 . •• i k net, with heavy raised, borders-su.t- absolutely, pure-the equal of any made \J$^Xk l h lubbsd and pclUhed, las 17-inch seat. H^°^ any finish; 2* in. » j{
5 StaeSon.ae wr lT 4C ! .• '? f — u" . " d ?°° r ~ "« 0 '« J ; "^ - Mond.y- Wb ' 7 fu 1 binister Mck, with dainty scrcl wid*, f | feet high, 1 gl j, door, 6x12 fcgT— f*A i
f Placed on sale, per lap fU curtams-sale. price, Monday only— can.... ..:.... 3Oc \y ]i \\^ *ffict, French hp^, neatlv carved, onr oval beveled French ilite mirror; ourp^i^^^g X
* °?i 'SS%4 Mam "£z~*o**o9i<*a c t^Z±n.^.^Jj£o5 iU U;. S.K2 $12.25*^ %
tt «• %*Ul rrioes. ~ — ~' — 7" T" — — Claret -cur popu'ar 40c per t"l<-n —C 1 . — Jf
IT For Monday only, we offer either Stand- $2.00 Comforters L ar R e qualiJy-Mcnday 25o 7VVV ll frRMT^M r-JC, fJ /^\ 10-Wire Tapestry— The $1.00 quality, per yard *"££° *
*: ard or Stanley Dry Plate*, which you will Mohdav—S1.48 « i z e Yellowstone Whiskey— th s fa- I / V /a\ I \j) 1 1 [_ \ \V Tapestry Brussels— Extra heavy 8oc grade, per yard. ...... 7Op ; : ; jr
§. find equal to any brand thn you have ever "'"""-Jr ***•*€* g| , koi mO us make of rya or bourbon whi«- I rl/ H\ I -• VV Tapestry Brussels— With borders to match, 7oc grade, per yard. 52° '2
wei at the Mlow-ine deeply cat price': line covered 'both sides) Bsd Comfort- kev-Mondav-per bottle S1.Q8 l\J//n\iril I I I Hi) Smith's Axminsters— 50 new patterns, $1.10 grade, per yard... ~90o {
*C |^ x^. doz....aOc 5x7. doz R2c ers. filled with best white laminated Domestic Porter — Monday — -per V^/i'UUlil in 1 \Z/ O Ingrains— Extra heay.v, all wool 85c grade, per yard M ....^..65o j{
V «ix4«i f doz""fino 6^xsd OZ doz'«t o£ sheet cotton, a genuine $2.00 value, do2en......-.i... G3o n . « -5
y 4x5, d6z....::::4*)r siV doz°?.gi:so oa 8 Pecislsale Monday. tfW .._ 0 Bourbon Whlskey-a good quality Brussels Rugs— 54x27 inches, fringed ends, the $1.50 grade, each $1.00 «
j: camera Department-Second Floor. only......... .................;.. $I.W . -Monday-pep gallon 52.00 Axmittster or Body Brussels Rugs- 54x27, fringed ends, $2.50 grade, each 5/*50 S
*! — — ; — — . '^ [ t ' / ~ ; : ; \ — ! \ : j : '¦ jj
g Colored Bress Goods. Underwear We are [closing out our entire Va lues In All :of oar clocks " Men's Winter ioweof onr show windows to-mor- «5
jjf The best values obtainable at the prices. You will not be and Hosiery. stock of Ladies' and Children' S, r»# rt *»Ire are fullv guaran- • - j^^%. ' rv»« M /cft/#t#.« row r 011 wil! 8ee more "J
V limited to a few pieces when you come to San Francisco's Dress "Stutinai+tizi*" Uiiderwai K?<c/s *^**fGKSm teed and will be ©jL/^vVXiPI rurnisnangs. Bath Robes and more styles than X
* Goods' Headquarters to purchase your new Winter Dre-e B.~7*~ljr°L~.i:+'~*'~ c • •** "** ke P fc in Perfect repair for a reason- VJj-^a j»^ has ever been shown before in one window 5
J Micerials. /5 and Lotnoinjtwn Suits— one-quarter able time. (iiJ P«V in this city. Th*S9 robes are just from the V^ritf
38- inch English Alohair Alpaca— Just in, al complete Off regular prloeS. Nickel Alarm Clocks— 4-inch dial... Jjp^ayjjk WJ maker and comprise the very latest color-'; -:S
J assortment of new colorings, including two shades of gray, Lldies' Unshrinkable Swiss Ribbed French ,_"V. ":7"""- 'n"*°? WL%*k W*^ \ .^©f^S^v ings an . d €ff - cts — J3 patterns to chooss «
V brown, navy, reedi and cardinal, yard. SOo Merino Vests; colors natural, cream and i?£H lo-Minute Nickel Alarm Cloci— 5- )>^^ !^V^^ £^&$§8\ from ia Terr y CIoth « E;d «<Jowns and
K 46-inch Storm Serge-Strictly all-wool and guaranteed to ,,'; ¦ men d.al, with patent braly .JjaK*SM&3^ m^Wm B ,V Dk ?Vii $3.50 to $12.50 1$
|! give sati^toryweal a,l stapie and new /ail coloring j^^tefeS^SK -
». „/. """IV 7- V " "'**»*» Low neck no «sleeve<« earh 7%n *)' minute for 15 minute SI '50 t S» BWi p'y linen 3 for 50o *
J. 52- nch Venetian Cloth-Oar popular leader this sea.oa. Lldis ,, n^^ B J.' b ' b e e e 's.S and "Wool Mite? /7 JR Gil; Novelty C ock-24-kirat gold fini'h $1.75 fe » M We also carry th, sam: shapss in * /o- 'J
J all-woo', 'beautiful finish, splenaid wefght, in the new Fall u yeVf- hieh nect lone Xve^ color, pUp-Mi Y The "Cherub' Japanese Bronze Clock, like cut. An onia move- - §g $8 ««/ «//«r. .»
£ co'orings, yard...,. */. O o Vest,, t iglMieck, l^^A \ m 9 nt..... ....!. &2.OO -=^^ W Silk Handkerchiefs-white or colored. %
52- inch Plaid Back Golf Skirting— In eight different Ladies' Equestrian "Drawers— \ K \ 8" Da 7 c ock ~ b: " c k enameled wool, gilt trimmings, cathedral J^oQ 5 / with fanc» border?-^-eicb.^ Jo and 50© ' jf
*• colonngs, for riiny day skirts, exceptional value, yard Swi;s ribbed Fr.nch raerino- ribb'sd \ Jj\\ eong. hal -ho ir strike.. ..:..: $2.95 . __ 8zK^ / Form-Fitting Underwear — fits as , : X
*t $1.5O waist and ankles: colors cream; natural, //),! C I I 8-Day Dresden China Clack— flower and spray decorationj.ha'f- — M «ga closely and smoothly as yonr skin and yet . -g
J* — pink, sky blue and black; ankle length M \ /' bour cathedral gong strike ~S6.OO SflSfS^ gives with every .motion of the body— J
>f c{.« r> M/<M n- TT^IlAm'a Rhnnl^Af ' 'ill — each • ¦ '&1.7B t \/ '' • *^r natural gray, tan and flash color— woven Jf
| 22JI22 ® r £ M| U Housekeepers' 1 "*^'* ».?(£¦ t from Australian Umb^wool-^r gar. . |
* Braces. and chrdren , 8 ' Z83 for i^ . heavy; 2 thread; importel Hermsdorf black; high spliced Good GhanceS. "'^ n S'ti« 5.1 fl?5 Xl ment -..- -5#-5O J
J chest measurements 24 to finches, fifo TgA SjS' £i^? ¥^^ W""^ goods, first-class and ptrfj S? wtdt ¦-, f % %
5> the most simp e and practical chest ex- IAa]]! A TOW ,. * a8t , Bl ! ck » ."-f* Heavy, . Fieece-hned Cotton Hose; tinctlv state otherwise #1 MAMA #•#*•.*«•_ Don t mi33 this sale. X
j PocketBooks. . HHWfllW , V .-. • . t0 9^ pai^r -'¦ M*M fe^if d? I H i^ l^i^^T^#^ 3 °' 75 Gloves, made by Jonvin & Cie-this week at half J
J. leather lined, coin pocket, small size... .;.............. .50O Novelty 100' pairs M . Double-facsd High Silk- STif^'S I" 6 ' 3 " '"•fSfTlb? paS^ gr «4 J>% Hr/CO. >• - *
*; Ladies' Coin Purse, genuine alligator, leather lined, nickel p^ #/^_ finished Portieres came in last week. They 5 lbs f"^!^::".'"".':!^^ T&l**\\\\\\\\\\\\%$'tt H *
J. frame, inside po=ket 35O ry r U u r u^ m hav3,"deep fringe, on bottom and deep ov.r- Good White Bed Spreads— Lsr^e size, doutb urji.. $4.00 quality, full arm length Suedw, now...... ....S2.OO "5
% Combimtian Ca rd Case and Pocketbook. embossed leatlerj black throw fringe on top— an assortment of .fiva popular color effects nicely hemmed....... :.... ....S1.OO 53 50 ona i; tir 90-nnttnn 1«n^th^n^i> t n*w •# tb ' *
tf aud pretty shades, leather lined ...................25o -roe. Hue, terra cotta, cfim:on, greea-3 yards long, 50 Bleached Sheeting-Good quality, round thread, 45 inches *£™ qU * ! 7 ' ?T :„ I , D ° * f ['I 3 «
Chatelaine Bags— Grain leithcr. large sizs.:..... ....... 50o inches wide:: .•.¦;;... v wide. We: 54 inches, 13ho; 81 inches ......I80 * 3 - 00 <l naUtT ' 16-button length Suedes, now. $1.50 5
6 Shopping Bags— Grain leather, c oth top, largj si*j...3^>O ; 60 pairs at $6.00; 25 piirs at $8.00; Bleached Table Damask— Pure flax, 60 inches wide, $2.50 quality, 12-button length Suede3, now. .....$1.25 "'£
«fv 'Music Rolls— Black grain leather, full siz» ..;....:... 50O .- _ . 25 pairs atJ'lO.OO. SOo; extra heavy, 66 inches wide 75o $2.00 quality, 12-button length Sue iej, now „ $1.00 {,
A£AA'A*'4.*'A'A'A 'A 'A^*'*'*'A'A^'AAW*'A'a^A*'A'*^^W* *'*'**WA****AW****X'A*W*WA*'A*WA*'4** 'A '+W+'«*'4**W+*WA**'A'4*+'4^^^^ *A'A**A"A*AAAAa1**Wa'a'A*°4'4'*°*'*'* H < * 'A Va-A'A AAVa'AA.
M. C. Sloss Is honest, able and ener-
getic. If elected Superior Judge, his edu-
cation, and character will enable him to'
fill the office with credit to himself and
honor to the community. - . • — ¦ ¦ • -
Q SI
IOOO shares LION OIL CO.'S
STOCK, which has just struck a big
gusher in the Sunset District, Kern
County, for sale at 50c We have an
option on this amount for a few days
only. Will sell the whole block or
any part of it. Apply
James R. T. Mershon,
Oil, Land and Stock Broker, 537-538-
539 Parrott Building, San Francisco.
OIL
Judge William P. Lawlor should receive
the support of all who. believe in an hon-
est. UDrUrht and fearless Judiciary. *¦
Vote for Thos. F. Graham for Judge of
the Superior Court. •PERSONAL MENTION.
H. !«. Talbot, a Boston merchant, is at
the Palace. ,
G. A. McDonald, a merchant of Boca,
Is at the Grand.
A. C. Hodge and J. F. Douglas of Lon
don are at the Palace.
Joseph Goldman, a Tlerced merchant. Is
registered at the Grand.
A. A. Mitchell, a Chicago merchant. Is
registered at the Palace. \
A.G. Luenlng, a prominent Milwaukee
merchant, is at the Palace.
J. • D. Wads worth, a. prominent Santa
Rosa merchant, is at the Russ.
G. E. Kennedy, a Llvcrmore iron manu
facturer, is stopping ai the Grand.
Dr. B. R. Ward, surgeon In the United,
States navy, is registered at the Grand.
A. P. Stewart, auditor of the Chicago
and Alton Railway, is at the Occidental.
"W. P. Hussey of Indlanpolls Is at th*
Grand.. Mr. Hussey Is a big lumber man.
Solomon Jewett, the well-known Ba
kersfield banker, is at the Lick with his
wife. . :v^vV.
L. P. Sanders and wlf© of Butte, Mont.,
have taken apartments at the Paiac* for
a few days.
Z. S. Spaldlng, a wealthy Paris mer
chant, is stepping at the Palace with his
daughter and son.
Mr. and Mrs. M. P. O'Connor of San
Jose, who have Just returned from a two
years' tour of Europe, arc at the Palace.
H. Isaacs, assistant division superin
tendent of the Southern Pacific road at
Bakersfleld. is stopping at th& Grand /or
a few days.
Mr. and Mrs. C. Dowdall and family
are at the California. They have just re
turned from an extsnded European trip
and are now on their way to Shanghai,
their home. • -
Captain J. Earle arrived In the city yes
terday and is stopping at the Russ. He
will succeed Captain Thomas Scullian on
the whaler Morgan, Captain Scullian hav
ing been given an extended leave of ab
sence. He will return to his home in New
Bedford next week. '¦
CALIFORNTANS IN NEW YORK.
NEW TORK. Nov. 3.— The following
Callfornlans are in New York from San
Francl3co: CM. Bloom la at the St.
Cloud, L..&I. Gray. is at the Manhattan.
R. Knighton is at the Astor. J. Dubois la
at the St. Denis, J. B. Grlmwood Is at the
Imperial, J. D. Spreckels Is at the Hol
land, Mrs. J. Clark Is at the Imperial, D.
Marx is at the Cadillac.
From Los Angels— Mrs. Schermerhorn Is
at the Imperial, L. A. Phillips is at the
Union Square, C. L. Schieffelin is at tha
St. Cloud, L. Walker of Ventura Is at tha
St. Denis. . : . : ._ ¦
The plea of a man arrested for swearing
at his mother-in-law was that e ha "com
menced ¦with him first."
"Did. she swear at you?" asked the
Judge.
"No. your Honor, but she looked If—
Atlanta Constitution.
"I have to report." said the Sheriff,
"that the jury is hung."
"I knowert, from the looks of em," whis
pered the prisoner, "'that they ortcr be!"—
Atlantu Constitution.
Foreigner— My friend, your country 13
fine, but you hood a few old ruins.
American— Rulp«! Haven't you seen the
Dewoy. -\rch?— I.'.fe. . -
A CHANCE TO SMILE.
"What kind of a man is Duffer?"
"Oh, he's the kind that would ask an
other man how much he paid ~for his
wooden Ice."— Detroit Free Press. •
Such a. fellow has the same place in politics that the Chinese stinkpot has in war. After this election
is over and Brvan is beaten, he will be found declaring defeat' was due to his party's abandonment of the
Democratic principle of expansion. ' . \
The only serious result that can follow his incendiary advice will be getting an occasional fool into
trouble by attempts to steal ballot-boxes or murder election judges. T That apostle of purity in politics. Mr.
Dick Croker. has advised violence also. But what right has either to talk about the sacredness of the frani
chise? In States ruled by the party of Bryan a free ballot is unknown.. If the franchise were free:;Mc-
Kinley would carry Mississippi,, Alabama and the twoCarolinas. When the majorities in those States sought
expression at the ballot Hearst's beloved "apostle of liberty. Senator Tillrnan," said in '[the United States Sen
ate: "We shot them. We stuffed ballot-boxes, we had a false count and used tissue ballots, and we are not
ashamed-oJ.it/''-- ... . , ¦ . . i/^^l.^^^iV^iJ^u;^;:-"". ¥ _/, : : ..:S;, '. ; ¦.-...•, ;¦•, ,' ; ...,.'.;
Nice people these' to do the flamboyant act in favor of a free ballot and a fair count!
He declared that Democrats had voted the Republican ticket in order to give victory to the Demo
cratic principle of expansion, and that the people had "repudiated the Democratic party and its leadership."
All this and much more this fellow said in approval 'of the result of the, elections in 1898. Now he issues "a
feculent proclamation declaring that the same States will have to-be bought to indorse the administration
which he then declared deserved indorsement! - :
.On November 10, i8g3, after every one of those States had gone Republican, this Hearst, over his own
signature, said in the Examiner: "The vote of this election is a vote of approval for the war and the prin
ciple of expansion, and for the greater conservatism of the Republican party. It is both right and reason
able that the administration which carried this glorious war to a successful conclusion should receive a vote
of confidence. It is both right and reasonable that the ¦policy of expansion, ever the policy of the Ameri
can people since Jefferson annexed the Louisianas. should receive the approval of the American people Re
publican and Democratic."
Two years ago those States all gave large Republican majorities. .Were they bought then? If not
what reason has any decent man for saying that they will have to be bought now? The issues are the same'
There is no change in the political situation. . — ~
The special, idiotic infamy of this Hearst is illuminated by quoting him against him
self. On November 12, 1898, less than two years ago, this defamer of the President said
in his Examiner, the same journalistic cuspidor which now slops over with his drool:
"The powers, even if united, would have their hands full if they tackled\this aroused
country, and they would know very well that they had been in a fight before they got
through with their job of coercion. , But with England our friend, we can laugh at the
fulminations of all the other powers and go right ahead settling our little war with
Spain in our own sweet way. And that is just what we propose to do. We have made
up our minds to take the Philippines, and we are going to take them, paying a fair price
and wronging nobody. BUT JUST LET ANY OF THOSE POWERS TRY' TO STOP US
WHEN WE ARE CARRYING HOME THE BUNDLE and we'll show the world one more
example of a power getting thumped and mauled and thrown into the gutter SO GO
RIGHT AHEAD, PRESIDENT M'KINLEY. DONT LET THEM SCARE YOU A BIT THE
ELECTIONS ARE OVER, THE COUNTRY IS BEHIND YOU and the people are really spoiling
for a little more diversion before their blood cools. Tell the powers to mind their own business or you'll
teach them how to do it." ¦
This creature says now that the Republicans will buy the election in Ohio, West Virginia, Indiana, Il
linois, Kentucky. New York, Maryland, Michigan and California.
The whole thing would be laughable were it not infamous. He charges that the
President of the United States has sold his official action for "a substantial considera
tion." The craven creature who makes such a charge should be treated seriously
enough to be kicked out of the company of decent American citizens. In the counts of
his indictment of the President he charges him with assuming "the right to govern ter
ritory of t!ie United States without reference to the constitution.'/ Softly there, young
man! That is an admission that the Philippines are the territory; of the United Slates and
that Bryan intends to give away such territory if he is elected. Which is the more
heinous offense — governing territory of the United States outside the constitution, as
Jefferson governed Louisiana, or giving such territory away?
• ¦ ¦ ¦¦
WR. HEARST; president of the National Association of Bryan Clubs, has
• kindly taken charge of the destinies of the republic and has issued a screech that
is a fine example of several things which decent men execrate and avoid. In
its style this production is suggestive of that unnatural malady known as "he-hyster
ics." He sees the republic "tottering" and is 'trying to keep it on its feet. As he thinks
in dollars and cents and by heredity knows no influence but money in politics, before
his red eye rises a specter of millions given "by the trusts and their confederates" to buy
the election! Therefore he orders out the guards and instructs the members of his clubs
to resist with violence the declaration of any poll where the result is not agreeable to
him. That his opinion may be taken, he desires telegrams sent to him in order that he
may direct the proper number of votes to be counted.
HEARST, HIS SCREECH.
The Legislature of this winter will have to appor
tion the State into Congressional, Senatorial and As
sembly districts under the new census. The
railroad and the bosses of both parties desire
to make that apportionment to suit them
selves. It is mainly for that reason the railroad
has so actively interfered in politics this year. The
menace is serious enough to arouse everj' thoughtful
citizen. The change in the management of the rail
road gives promise that it will soon be taken out of
politics. Therefore if it be beaten this time we shall
probably be rid altogether of its corrupting influence
in our political affairs. Let every voter resolve to
down the boodlers. Let us have an honest Legisla
ture.
During the campaign the bosses and the railroad
touts have been busy trying to induce decent Repub
licans. to vote for such men as Dibble and Woife, by
pretending that their election is necessary to give Re
publicans control of the Legislature. Such argu
ments are worthless. They are weak with the weak
ness of a double defect. In the first place there is no
danger that the Republican majority in either the
Senate or the Assembly will be dependent upon the
election of these crooked ones. In -the second place,
these tools of the bosses cannot be counted on to up
hold Republicanism: They are in politics for the
spoils and will vote as the spoilsmen of the bosses
and the railroad dictate.
OUT of this campaign California ought to
emerge with an honest Legislature. Not a sin
gle man known to be a "crooked politician"
should be elected, no matter upon what ticket he runs.
Corr.parativelj- few such men have been nominated on
the Republican side, but in this city the ward bosses,
backed by the managers of the Southern Pacific cor
poration, succeeded in getting control of the Repub
lican primaries in some districts and were thus enabled
to force the nomination of their tools. Fortunately
these men are few and are well known. It will be no
difficult task to pick them out for defeat, and it is tho
<Jut3' of the voters, regardless of party, to defeat them.
AN hJONEST LEGISLATURE.
Tou would like to know what hast be
come of the city editor who set me that
task? I may not conceal the dreadful
truth— he has since become an actor.
The actors should know best whether
their standard of acting is rising or not.
I am sure the standard for criticism is
though slowly. For proof: X can distinct
ly remember than in my 'prentice days I
was once instructed by a city editor to do
the South Metropolitan Police Station, a
Daly play and the Moreue. all In the same
evening. Such a detail was nothing un
usual then; to-day, I think, ft wouli be
rare.
I have delineated appear to other eyes a-*
satyrs. But the man who sees and will
fully lies is a murderer."
This Is a little incoherent, but I suppose
that by the "murderers" Mr. ManafieM
means his old enemies, the critics. Too
strong, my Richard and my King: had
you said, now, "manslaughterers" 1 contd
cheerfully have agreed with you. For the
number of critics vrho x sre anrl willfuMv
lie is, I believe, very small. Most of them
simply don't Fee. because they have n>
more been trained to see than has the
average actor been trained to act. Wher.,
therefore, they are confronted with supe
rior acting, such ns Mr. Mansfield's, they
are incompetent even to report correctlv
what he giver, them, much less to criti
cize it. They kill or attempt to kill hi-,
reputation, not from willfulness, but
from ignorance. But this. «j I said at tin*
outset, is not murder, but mun«lau.(;htor.
The remedy? A School for Critics. I
cannot deny that this la as necessary as
Is a School for Actors.
He denies the Diderot paradox that the
more the actor seems to feel his part the
less he must really feel it. "I suffer every
night," he says, "all that Richard suf
fered, and so I AM Richard the King
when I PLAY Richard the King."
After he has created a part the question
often arises in Mr. Mansfield's mind:
"Have the people felt and seen the picture
I have painted? Do they see and feel what
I feel? It must be that they do not. for I
read reports which are in direct contradic
tion to what I thought and desired to ac
complish. And so I fail. That is terrible:
to have painted a picture where the angels
Mr. Mansfield has a curious article on
"Audiences" in a recent number of Col
lier's Weekly. Judging from his appar
ent self-possession on the stage no ono
would Imagine that he troubled his head,
much less. his heart, about what was be
ing thought and done on the other side
of the footlights. Yet. according to thlj
sejf-revelation, the auaience 13 projected
in his consciousness as "a black mass, a
monster outside there on the other side
of my little world. It seems to me to be
waiting there to devour me. I suppose
some day it will kill me because I shall
have nothing more to give it. That mon
ster waiting there every night has to bo
fed. Sometimes I think it is insatiable.
I give and I give and I give, and it sin
there intent, waitins for more."
The play should be announced as by
Augustus Thomas and Dr. Oliver Gold
smith or there should be a line on every
programme wherein Goldsmith is allowed
at least the honor of collaboration In the
third act. Mr. Thomas* second act is so
good that he need not fear his glory will
thereby suffer detraction. „. . >
That Mr. Thomas should have acknowl
edged all this by merely a verbal (?)
statement at the Initial ' performance
seems to me very lnauequate. Probably
not less than two hundred and fifty thou
sand people will have i;een tne play when
it closes its run. How are the two hun
dred and forty-nine thousand who were
not at the initial performance to know
that for the most striking characters,
situation and speeches of his third act
Mr. Thomas is indebted to a man whi>
cannot claim his own?
Rlchman the bailiff as a friend (THUS
BRINGING ABOUT THE MAIN COMIC
SITUATION OF THE ACT), and is re
leased by her fjpnerosity; exactly the same
situation, brought about in exactly the
Fame way, Is in the Thomas play. The
very same business of "Before and Be
hind" that is used in the Thomas play is
required by the lines and the situation of
"The Good Natured Man."
BERNARD SHAW, AUTHOR OF "CAESAR AND CLEOPATRA." "PHIL
ANDER" AND "WIDOWERS' HOUSES," WHO IS PROBABLY SORRY
• THAT HE WROTE NOVELS IN HIS CALLOW DAYS.
SUNDAY NOVEMBER 4. 1900
JOHN D. SFRECKELS. Proprietor.
Address AM Comm jnicitio'is to W. S LEAKH. Mint-rer
tI.t\AGCn*« OFriCE Telephone l*rp«« SOI
VCBtlCXTkOS OFKICR... Mnrket nud Tblrd. S. F.
Ti-leiihono PrMH 2O1. •
EDITORIAL ROOMS 217 to 221 Stevrnnon St.
Telephone !*re*N 1102.
Delivered l»v Onrrlero. \T. Cent* Ver Week.
Slnjrlp Coplm. .% Crnt«.
T«-rm« tiy Mnll. Inclndlnc Pontnces
DAILT CALL (including Sundar). rne vear S*M
DAILT CALL (lucludinjt Kurday>. « month* tM
DAILY CALL flnc!u<Jinit Sunday). S ncnth* J-M
DAILT CALL— By Finely Month 3S<r
folTXDAY CALL, One T*ar 1 1-S»
U'EKKLT CALL. One r*ar l.M
All pofttmaater* are nntbnrized to recelre
«nlisrrlpllon«.
EatnpJe oopie» will h* forrrnrrtPd - h«»n r«»<j«fst*<1-
M«!l rubEcrltwr* in crd^rlni: rhanc» nf «iMrw« should +.*
r«n!c«l«r to tfve both :,'EVr AND OLD ADDRESS In or4<r
to insure m. prompt end coitmi «v>mpT!ance with thrlr revues:.
OAKL.UD OFFICE 11 IS Itrnailvrnr
C. GEOItGB KKOGM2SS.
Manager Fore ; gn Advertising. Marquette Euilding. Chicago.
il-ozig Distance T»)»rhnn» "Central Ztt3."y
NEW TORK CORRESPONDENT:
C. C. CARLTOX ..Herald Sqnnre
KETW TORK RnPHESEXTATIVE:
6TEPHES O. SMITH ;{O Tribune II r.II.'.I n jr
NEW TORK NEWS STANDS:
Waldorf -Astoria HcteJ; A. Brentano. a Unlcn S<juare*
SCumjr mi! Hctpl.
CHICAGO NEWS STANDS:
Sherman House; P. O. Ntws Co.; Great Northern Hotel:
Frenumt House; Auditorium Hotel.
WASHI\CTO\ <D. C.» OFFICE. . . . 14OO G St.. ST. "%V.
MORTO> E. CKA.VK. Correspondent.
BRANCH OFFICKS S» Monteoir.ery. <-orn<»r of Clay, op**
until »:*> o'clock. SOO Hares, cpen until 9:S0 o'clock. 633
UcAIllcter. open until 9:S0 o'clock. €15 Larkln. open until
l':» o'clock. 1S41 Mission, cpen until 10 o'clock. 2261 Market.
comer Sixteenth, cpen until S o'clock. 1CS6 Valencia, open
until S o'clock. 10« Elevecth. open until S o'clock. N r W. cor-
r -T Twentr-gx-rred and Kentucky, open until 9 o'clock.
Meantime the Wells-Fargo wagon will go on as usual and the people will go on pay
ing Wells-Fargo's taxes, while Mr. Valentine keeps his contempt for the paltry dollar
exclusively for political purposes.
But we have no doubt that when Spitzer barks his shins against a pedigree that was
planted in 1640 he will be sorry that he spoke. Hereafter let all such be careful and in
quire who had the honor to be born in the same State as Valentine before they refuse
their express packages to his company and buy and lick their own stamps.
However, Mr. Spitzer may ''call" Mr. Valentine's pedigree and show. one^hat reaches
back to the patriarchs, and then Mr. Valentine will have to lay down his raw and recent
1640 article and fall back on Lincoln, Birney and Cassius M. Clay. This will send Spitzer
to the cyclopedia of biography to see who was born on his native soil, and he may raise
Valentine out of the game entirely. . \
Anyway, whatever his motive, he rises and defies Spitzer. remarking in his letter that
no one has a right to threaten him because, as he puts it in a fine pedigree style: "My
ancestors came to Virginia in 1640; there were born in my native State of Kentucky
three illustrious apostles of liberty— James G. Birney, Cassius M. Clay and Abraham Lin
coln, and these men taught that the rights of man are of more importance than the
paltry consideration of the dollar." This makes one regret that Mr. Valentine did not
begin paltry dollaring sooner in the campaign and pay his taxes and not compel their pay
ment by the people. v . • • ' " ¦ - ¦
We know that Mr. valentine is a busy man, and has long been occupied in making
YVeUs-Fargo's customers pay a war tax that Congress intended should be paid by the
corporation. He is a benevolent man and desires that his customers should support the
Government.
Can it be possible that his motive in waiting so long was to offer himself as a roor
back at the end of a campaign?
, Was properly forwarded." Does that mean promptly forwarded, or is it possible
that Mr. Harden carried this incendiary document on his person until late in October?
Or was Mr. Valentine engaged with scissor* and mucilage in the composition of another
pamphlet and taking a fall out of the human race by circulating it, so that he got ready
to punch Spitzer with a letter only after he had been blighted by intimidation for the
space of two months and ten davs? . .. V.v •
SAN FRANCISCO. Nov. ist. iqoo.
Mr. Ceilan M. Soitzer.of Messrs. Spitzer & Co., Brokers. 21 Nassau st., New York, and Toledo. Ohio:
My Dear 3ir:— Your letter of August 22nd, 1900, addressed to Mr. C. M. Haydcn, agent Wells. Fanzo &
Co.'s Express. Toledo, was properly forwarded to me. and to explain what follows, is reproduced here ver
batim ct literatim:
The intimidator, Spitzer, did not persecute Mr. Valentine in the first instance. He
administered the by proxy to Mr. Hayden. a humble and we hope faithful agent
of Wells-Fargo. at the mouth of the Maumee River in Ohio, in the town of Toledo.
The 22d of last August this frightfuf Spitzer wrote Mr. Hayden that he objected to Val
entine's support of Brvan to the extent of withdrawing his patronage from Wells-Fargo
and paying war taxes on his packages to some other express company. This appears .to
have been a personal letter to the inoffensive, Hayden. Two nionths and ten days later
Mr. Valentine mustered courage to beard Spitzer in his den. His letter printed in the
Examiner, with his intimidated picture, exposes dates iii its first sentence, which reads:
. An examination of the correspondence and the dates does great credit to Mr. Val
entine's nerve and shows that it takes a long time to scare him, but when he is frightened
he is frightened all over. &
A CRISIS, has arrived. Goddess of Liberty wobbles on the dome of the Capitol,
and her sister,, the well-beloved Goddess of Justice, hovering- over several courthouses,
has torn the bandage off her eyes to hide her indignant blushes. The lesser -lum
inaries of Olympus and other places are all torn Up, and even Boreas holds his breath in
appalled surprise. John J. Valentine has been intimidated by a man of the plebeian name
of Spitzer, who has threatened to divert his express packages to a rival company, or carry
them himself, to the injury of Mr. Valentine's Wells-Fargo octopus, unless the "gentleman
resigns either as president or politician. Mr. Valentine is alarmed to the extent of a two
column letter, and is hiding under Mr. Hearst's printing press.
? • ?
Mr. Stuart Robson has been kind enough
to write the following lines:
"Since you want me to say something
in respect to the liberties taken by Mr.
Thomas in the construction of the third
act of 'Goldsmith,' I may mention that
the act is entirely original, with the ex
ception of several lines spoken by the two
bailiffs, said characters being taken from
'The Good Natured Man.' These two
worthier, were undoubtedly suggested to
the poet by Shakespeare's Dogberry and
Verges In 'Much Ado About Nothing,' s«>
that Mr. Thomas would appear to have as
much claim to their use as 'Qoldsmith.'
In the initial performance of our play, Mr.
Thomas acknowledged his indebtedness" to
tne lesser dramatist— an admission In
which 1 think he was wrong, as the credit
was really due to tne immortal master
himself."
I am sorry that I cannot agree with Mr.
Robson's conception of what constitutes
an "entirely original" act. The re
semblance? between the third act of
"Oliver Goldsmith" and the third act of
"The Good Natured Man" go much fur
ther, I think, than is suggested above.
The character of Thomas' Goldsmith is
identical with that of Honeywood— an
eany. careless, good-natured fellow, no
body's enemy but his own. Mary Horneck
is Identical with Miss Rlchman, the beau
tiful, clever young lady who is in love
with Honeywood. Honeywood loves Miss
Rlchman and is too diffident to confess It,
so she has to make love to him: Gold
r.mtth and Mary Horneck ...re placed in
exactly tho same situation. Honeywood
is arrested for debt, palms off on Miss
• • •
Among the many clever touches in
Augustus Thomas' "Oliver Goldsmith,"
few are more clever than the way in
which is Introduced the little love affair
between Garrlck and Katherlne Horneck.
Vet this is a case where ignorance is in
deed bliss, for Garrick's real love affair,
though not less happy, was far different
from the one set forth in the play. In
the year 174t> there came to England from
Vienna a pretty little dancer named Vie
gel, better known by her stage name of
Violette. She brought letters to Lord and
Lady Burlington, who secured her an en
gagement at Drury Lane.' where she be
came a favorite. Garrick fell in love with
her, but his suit was frowned upon by
I^ad'y Burlington, who wished the young
lady to marry a nobleman. Garrick per
severed and after much opposition suc
ceeded • in obtaining Lady Burlington's
consent to his marriage, which took place
en the 22d of June, 1749— somo twenty-four
years before the time at which Mr.
Thomas represents him as being in love
with Katherlne Horneck:
La Violette not only made Garrick's
home happy, but was also of great service
to him in*, tho conducting of his theater.
She lived until after the battle of Water
loo and was a sharp critic of younger
actors who attempted Garrick's parts.
After seeing Kean in "Abel Drugger," she
wrote to him: "Dear Sir: You cannot act
Abel Drugger." To which he replied:
"Dear Madame: I know I cannot."
• ? •
With his undoubted gold Mr. Shaw has
mingled much undoubted clay. True, tho
dramatic element is just as distinct in
this early work as in his latest play, but
in this as in that the situations 'often tend
to degenerate from the really dramatic to
the purely farcical. One could make an
entertaining play out of "An Unsocial
Socialist," but like "You Never Can Tell,"
it would lack, unity of impression ; it would
be a mixture of comedy, farce and ex
travaganza. And there is a worse fauit
in the book than this; the hero, with a»".
his cleverness, is— like Valentine in "i'ou
Never Can Tell" and like Charteris in
'•The Philanderer" — an unmitigated cad.
NOW thatGeorgeBernard Shaw's
plays and criticisms have made
him well known he Is begin
ning to suffer the penalties of
distinction. Publishers are
bringing 1 out in attractive form the novels
ho wrote during his 'prentice days— those
novels which brought him then nothing
more "than an cneournslne; compliment or
two from the most dignified of the Lon
don and" American publishers, who unani
mously declined to venture their capital
upon, me." Small wonder, for Mr. Shaw
is a Socialist of the Socialists. The eco
nomic principles v.hich he sets .forth so
brilliantly in chapter five of "An Unsocial
Socialist" are five hundred years— perhaps
nearer a thousand— ahead of the time: tc
the average publisher of to-day they must
seem distorted, chimerical, ruinous. One
might wonder, then, at the temerity of the
Messrs. Brentano in extending over Mr.
Shaw the aegis of their name did one not
believe that they realize the extreme tar
diness With which, new ideas Infiltrate
downward, and still the greater tardiness
with which these ideas get themselves em
bodied In. right action. Hundreds of years
before our society completes Its slow
transition from the era of mlpht to the
era of right/hundreds of years before jus
tice, and not power beeorrcs "the perma
nent basis of social organization"—hun
dreds of years before ths Mr. Shaw s pen
will be rust and the Messrs. Brentanos
bones will be dust. That's why it's safe
for them to publish Mr. Shaw to-day.
PLAYMAKING
AND THE PENALTIES
OF DISTINCTION
BY L. DU'PONT SYLE.
VALENTINE INTIMIDATED.
THE SAN .Ca^, SUNDAY, NOT KMJ3EU 4, J90CK
George Gould has been made the trustee of the
property of his sister, the Countess Castellane. If
somebody could only be induced to act as the
Count's guardian some of the Gould millions might
be saved from dissipation.
Mayor Phelan and his coterie of municipal finan
ciers will find that their policy of borrowing from
Peter to pay Paul is very frequently accompanied by
results which contribute nothing to the personal or
political honor of those concerned.
The gross faults which have marked the recent work
of the local Civil Service Commission have been ex
cused on the ground of ignorance. His Highness the
Mayor is evidently not yet ready to admit the un
comfortable fact that ignorance in public affairs is as
reprehensible as crime.
When officers of the State, holding confidential
and responsible positions in the government of Cali
fornia, pawn themselves to racetrack gamblers ani
pool-sellers there is reason for the suspicion that the
creditors will exact concessions which will not con
tribute to the public welfare.
But the Examiner boycotts Judge Daingerfield be
cause he decided a case against the owner of that
paper. If boycotting a corporati&i is persecution
and threatens to destroy the firm foundations of the
republic, what is boycotting a Judge for deciding that
the law is the law?
THE Examiner i"s excited to the extent of pictures
and two columns of type in several sizes, mostly
large, because a business firm East has foolishly
proposed a boycott of Wells- Fargo because the presi
dent of that corporation supports Bryan and financial
EXAMINER ON BOYCOTTS.
18
ADVERTISEMENTS.
REGULAR REFUBUCAN TICKET.
CONGRESSIONAL. JUDICIAL AND LEGIS-
LATIVE CANDIDATES TO BE VOTED
. _ FOR IN THE CITY AND COUN-
TY OF SAN FRANCISCO.
For Representative' In Congress, Fourth Con-
- ¦ gn>!>»ional ¦ District, - ',
JULIUS KAHN.
For Representative in Congress, Fifth Con-
:. gresslonal District,
EUGENE F. LOUD.
For Judges ol the Superior Court.
THOMAS F. GRAHAM.
' DAVIS LOUDERBACK.
¦ D. J. MURPHY.
M. C. SLOSS.' >¦¦¦¦ -¦
For Judge of . the Superior Court (Unexplred
, Term).
FRANK H. KERRIGAN.
For Justices o£ the Feace.
iiV l. joachimsen'. -,;-.
¦4 For Ptate Senators. , „..,
17th Senatorial District: JAMES E. FLTNN.
19th Senatorial District.niCHARD.J.\ WELCH
21st Senatorial Distrlct.KDWARD I. WOLFE
23d Senatorial District. JOHN G. TYRRELL '
25th Senatorial District. JOHN Hi NELSON.
. For Members of the Assembly.
Twenty-eighth Assembly District— CHARLES
R. FRANKLIN.
Twenty-ninth Assembly District-^JEREMIAH
F. ; COLLINS.
Thirtieth Assembly District— MICHAEL, SIc-
BR1DE. -
Thirty-first Assembly. District— JOHN J
HOURIGAN.
Thirty-second Assembly District— "W j
EVATT. '¦¦•»-. • . •
Thirty-third Aesembly . District — JOHN BTJT-
Thirty-fourth Assembly District— E>. n
KNIGHT. . u -
Thirty- fifth Assembly District— EDWARD F.
t T !ittvr '.Assembly Dlstrlct-WILLIAM
J. GUILFOlLE. ¦ -
Thirty-seventh Assembly, District— ARTHUR
G. r ISxV. ¦' « ¦ - - : . . ' - .
Thirty-eighth Assembly District— R. \v
ROBERTS. .... . "•
¦JWn&SS 1111 Assembl y District-FRANK D.
' . Fortieth Assembly District— HAMILTON A.
Forty- first. Assembly " District— HENRT C.
DIHBL*K*\. - i<
L? 0 ££l?l C £ nA ' A " smb 'y Dlstriot-LORENZO
,,£ < i t Jct thlrd Assembly District— MARTIN ,W.
DER tr 6 f A°a E^Tr' Diswct - ALEx^ :
~£2. r ,^\ nfth Assembly Dlstrict-QEORGE C.
BROWN. ,
Cal. glace fruit 5Pc per It> at Townsend'a *
Best eyeglasses and specs 2^ to 40c. I>ook
out 81 Fourth, frcnt barber and grocery.*
Special information supplied daily to
business houses and public men by tho
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's). 510 Mont-
gomery st. Telephone Main 1042. •
Chicago now contains a greater popula-
tion than all the cities of the United
States contained In 1S40. and New York
now has a greater population than all the
cities together had in 1S30.
New Overland Tourist Car Line.
Thft COLORADO MIDLAND RAILWAY will
run evpry Monday from Los Angeles at 10:3) p.
m. an.i every Tuesday at 6 p. m. from San Fran-
cisco, a personally conducted through Pullman
tourist sleeper to Chicago, via the Rio Crania
Western, Colorado Midland and Burlington
routes. Salt I>ake City and Denver in day-
llrht. For further Information address- TV II
DAVENPORT. General A^ent. San Francisco!
Milwaukee's great crane, operated r>v
electric power, cost 540,000 and can lift 200
tons. It has a slxty-flve-foot span and
will be operated on a track fifty-six fe^t
from the floor. .
AUCTION SAI.ES.
By S. Watklrs— Monday. Xcve.-nber 5, at 11 o'clock. Horses,
at Itll Vallejo streets.
Columbia — "Oliver poMsmlUi."
TlvoM — ••Carmen."
Alharr.bra— "King of the Op'.um Ring."
California— "Whose Baby Are Tou."
California— P;ano Recital, Monday afternoon.
Orrit-.pum— Vaudeville.
Grand Or«era-heuse — "Secret Sen-Ice."
Grand Opera-houfe— Maurice Grau Opera Company, Mon-
cay even!r.£, November 12.
Alcazar— "Northern Llcbts."
Clympla. corner Mason aiid Eddy streets — Specialties.
Chutes, Zoo and Theater— Vaudeville every afternoon and
evening.
Fischer'e— Vaudeville.
Eherman-CIay Hall— Piano Recital next Thurcday afternoon.
Union Coarslr-r Park— Coursing.
Kecrestion Park— Bs*efca!l.
Eutro Baths— Or*n nights.
AJ1TJSEMENTS.
ADVERTISEBIENTS.
ll AT lsa small sura to spend In
M V h making yourself warm arul
fcl - ll ¦ I comfortable, and when
H 1 W W cold, damp weather ap-
a proaches ycur health demands
H these comforts. That is why wt>
n are gclne to jsrive our many cus-
ra tomers the benefit of a pool, nse-
s*J ful article at this exceptional price.
N Again. Christmas is near, arrl
M what is a more acceptable girt
si than a pair of
j Ladies' Juliets
»1 Made of finest quality folt. flannel
\ lined and neatly trimmed around
ll top In black fur? They are made
H with gewed sole, low heel #% £
H end the new style toe. U h
H colors re* nnd black; sizes Q J
«£ 3 to 8. Price " ** v
I GLORIA
I Shoes for Ladies.
H Have you tried a pair of these
I shoes' Safe to say if you have \
voS will wear no other. The ex- j
cellent qualities of this shoe have
made it one of the most popular
ever placed on the shoe market, it
is neat and dressy in appearance
and soft and comfortable to the
foot, while its wearing qualities
have no equal.
We have them in Enamel. Patent j
Calf. Box Calf and Vicl Kid, in
Dress and Golf Pat- g*\ f* T* T\ '
terns, turn or welt- J na|
fd sole; all sizes. *ft»J.|J!j
Country orders solicited. Send
for catalogue. fc
I B. KATSCHINSKI,
I PHILADELPHIA SHOE CO. 1
« /0. Third St. San Francisco.Stanford's Burlesque Circus.
Stanford Parlor of . the Native Sons of
the Golden West Is preparing to go into
the circus business. That ls, the good of
the order committee. ' of which Bruce
Cornwall is the chairman, has arranged
for a burlesque circus to be given in the
banquet hall of the Native Sons' building
under the supervision and direction of A.
P. Schlelcher, who has been selected as
ringmaster. Among - the features to be
presented will be a. grand . entree, drill of
the Roman army, .parade of the zoo, an
cient games ana sports. . bareback rldlnff
and clown acts. The music will be fur
nished by one of the leftover circus brass
bands. There will also be a number ot
Court Terua Buena No. 813 of the Inde
pendent Order of Foresters will • give a
hello party In the Shlels buildine to-mor
row evening. This ls to Include a variety
entertainment and a programme of danc
ing.
Yerba Buena's Hello.
¦The Mexico excurslcn, which leaves on
the 14th. is rapidly assuming shape nnd
aJl preliminary preparations will probably
be completed, in another week. • Tickets
are now. on sale; at > all Southern Pacific
offices, and those who mean to go make a
mistake if they -do not secure their ac
commodations, at once. .
¦••', On Wednesday next the Southern Pa
cific resumes the service of Sunset Lim
ited between San Francisco and New Or
leans. This Ibrilllant traln ! will run tri
weekly during the coming season instead
of semi-weekly, as in past seasons, the In-
Creased service being necessitated by th°
steady but persistent growth of traffic on
tho Sunset Route. The company's sta
tlstical records show that this increase
commenced some five or six years f*o
until now a surprisingly large percentage
of the winter tourist travel to California
from east , of the Mississippi i s by the
Southern route. Atj the present - rat« a
dally. Sunset Limited will be necessary' in
another year or two. . '
To Be Again on the Wing This Week.
THE SOUTHERN
ROUTE FLYER
Commission Announces Dates for
Tests for Inspectors of the
Board of Health.
Civil service examinations for inspectors
under, the Board of Health will be held
as follows: Assistant plumbing Inspectors,
Friday. November 16. at 2 p. m.: sanitary
inspectors, Monday. November 19, at 2 p.
m.: food Inspectors, Wednesday, Novem
ber 21. at 2 p. m.: market Inspectors, Fri
day. November 23. at 2 p. m.
Separate examinations for chief plumb-
Ing inspector, chief sanitary inspector,
sewer inspectors, disintcrment Inspectors
and bakory, bath and laundry inspectors
will be held on dates to be set hereafter.
All applicants for positions as assistant
plumbinf? inspectors must, in addition to
their applications, file a proof of knowl
edge of trade, signed by three master
plumbers, showing that the applicant is
a practical plumber.
Applications for the various examinations
scheduled above will be received up to the
following date?: Assistant • plumbing 1 In
spectors, November 10, 5 p.m.; sanitary
inspector*. November 14, 5 p. m.; food In-
SCHEDULE OF CTVIX
SEBVICE EXAMINATIONS
The Bee Hive, 717 Market street, made
a great hit In the J»ale of the Rochester
8hoe Company's stock. This is the last
week of the sale. There are several hun
dred pairs of ladles' and gentlemen's
shoes at $3.00 and $4.00 left, which will go
this last week at $1.90; also ladies', misses'
and boys' shoes, worth from $1.50 to $2.25.
which will be sold for-75c_per pair. Re
member, the last week. The Bee Hive,
717 Market street, near Third •
The Sals a. Success.
specters, November 15. 5 p. m.; market in
spectors, November 17, 5 p. m.
The sentiment of the community must
be in sympathy with the object of the
prominent lawyers who have taken upon
themselves to answer the nameless circu
lar, which is understood to be issued at
the expenre of a millionaire litigant who
was defeated In Judge Daingerfield's
court, but the nobility of American citi
zenship and the manhood of San Francis
co is too great to suppose that the people
will tolerate the attempted assassination
of an honest Judge by unknown and con
cealed foes. The sense of honor charac
teristic of the American citizen insures to
the anonymous circular an opposite from
the intended effect.
San Francisco voters are Independent
and manly people and their sense of fair
play ls strong, and they cannot think that
attacks made by people afraid to sign
their names are fair, honest or designed
for other than a bad purpose. The con
science of the American people revolts at
the Idea of -an anonymous attack on any
person, official or private. Assaults by
persons afraid to give their names or to
father their work are* always repudiated.
The unsigned attack coming from -no
where carries with It the presumption of
untruthfulness and dishonesty, as well as
the proof of cowardice. A statement made
by anybody ashamed to sign it must be
taken as untrue and designed for evil. No
honest man fears the light or ls afraid of
his own name. - ' .»,
These documents purport to quote the
utterances of Judge Dalngerfleld and to
recite hla actions as Judge.
To offset these anonymous publications
leading lawyers of the city, regardless of
politics, have issued a signed statement
giving facts, which statement is being ex
tensively distributed. The statement of
these leading attorneys is sufficient evi
dence that no otrier defense of a man like
Judge Daingerfleld. who has twice been
elected a Judge of this city by large ma
jorities and whose official and private con
duct has even been above reproach, is
necessary against an anonymous attack
of this character.
The intelligence and enlightenment of
the citizens of San Francisco is too high
to suppose that an anonymous circular at
tacking an honest Judge can have any
other effect with a decent man than to
condemn its sender, proclaim him a cow
ard and defeat its purpose.
The lawyers ot San Francisco have been
much surprised during the week to receive
through the malls an anonymous circular
attacking Judge William R. Dalngerfleld.
Inquiry has ascertained that the same cir
culars, bearing no signature and purport
ing to emanate from nowhere, have been
scattered broadcast through the city.
Judge Daingerfield's Repu
tation Assaulted by *a
Hidden Foe.
AN ANONYMOUS
ATTACK
the First Infantry Regiment
of the National Guard.
Inspections will occupy the attention of
the National Guardsmen of the Second
Brigade for some time to come. These
will commence to-morrow, and the ques
tion that is asked by those who are posted
as to previous inspections is "Are there to
be bona fide Inspections or are they to be
simply a snow ot men, many of whom
may be 'stutters' placed in the ranks to
bring the company up to the standard?"
They are anxious to know if Major Margo.
the brigade. inspector, will ask each com
pany commanaer upon honor if each man
in the ranks at muster is a bona nde en
listed member of the company. It is
claimed that if that course is pursued no
captain will dare to vouch for men he
does not know, helng aware of what pen
alties are provided. It is claimed that if
this procedure is adopted the exact nu
merical strength of each organization la
the brigade will be ascertained and that
there will be an actual and not a paper
muster.
Lieutenant Colonel O'Nell will assume
command of the First Infantry Regiment
as soon as his commission is delivered to
him. In his capacity as colonel he will
have no easy task in reconciling the mi
nority to the majority and receiving the
hearty co-operation ot all the line officers,
for it is asserted that notwithstanding
the promise he made not to disturb the
comoanlea of the Ellis-stieet Armory
there is not in that armory that feeling
which ought to exist for the good of the
service between the commanding officer
and those under him. The four companies
In the Ellis-street Armory do not feel
happy in the fact that the field officers
were selected from material outside of
their armory. Whether Colonel O'Neil
will be able to win the sixteen officers
from Ellis street over to him time alone
will tell. He will also have to arouse a
spirit of enthusiasm among the officers to
the end that they will enlist young men
into the companies and bring the regiment
up to within 15 or 20 per cent of the max
imum strength, and to do this he will have
.to use all the policy at his command.
Captain Phillip L. Bush has been de
tailed to preside at an election for second
lieutenant In Company H. vice Arthur J.
Magee. who failed to report f6r examina
tion. The election occurs November 21.
Dr. C. D. McGettigan. -appointed assist
ant surgeon of the Fifth Regiment of In
fantry.-has been ordered to appear before
the examining board to pass the regular
examination as to his qualifications for
the position.
Work Ahead for the New. Colonel of
WHAT ARE INSPECTIONS
IN THE GUARD TO BEP
The competition between some of the
country's famous hostelries is resulting in
the use of luxurious and expensive table
furnishings. Reed & Barton of Taunton.
Mass., have just completed a beautiful
silver service for Hotel del Coronado, Cor
onado Beach, California. This elegant
outfit, which is valued at eighteen thou
sand dollars, is now being exhibited by
Nathan-Dohrmann Company, Pacific
Coast agents for this factory's products. •
Rivalry of High-Class Hotels.
rest, Miss Bessie Still Being
the Complainant This
Time.
» —
The case of Mrs. Helen Saunders, the
wealthy widow of San Rafael, who is ac
cused of defrauding Mrs. Lizzie Kearns.
1409 Leavenworth street, out of $10 for
board and lodging for herself and daugh
ter, was called In Judge Conlan's court
again yesterday morning. Many ladles
were In the courtroom expecting some In
teresting developments, but they were dls
appointed«
Attorney Hawklna for the defendant
arose when the case was called and asked
for a continuance until next Thursday, as
the witnesses who had been subpenaed to
testify— to the defendant's character were
mostly engaged in the political campaign
and could not be present. The prosecution
offered no objection and a continuance
was granted until next Thursday.
Meantime the prosecution is busy hunt
ing up landladies •whom the defendant and
her daughter have defrauded. There wero
several of them in the courtroom who ex
pressed their willingness to testify against
the defendant, whom they had recognized,
although she bore another name while
boarding with them.
One of them. Miss Bessie Still. %i Geary
street, swore to a complaint before Judge
Conlan charging Mrs. Saunders with de
frauding her out of $10 due for board and
lodging for herself and daughter. They
went to her house on July 27, the day
after leaving Mrs. Kearns' house. Mrs.
Saunders gave the name of Mrs. Ander
son and introduced her daughter as Miss
Anderson. She told a sad story about her
dead husband and said she carried with
her one of his fingers, which she had pre
served In alcohol.
Mother and daughter remained for a
week and suddenly disappeared. It was
supposed, because a. young lady had rec
ognized them at table. They forsot to
liquidate their board bill. Miss Saunders
did not offer to teach Miss Still elocu
tion and the delsarte movements for a
reduction of the board bill.
Another lady, who lives at S2S Powell
street, called at police headquarters and
expressed her readiness to swear to a
warrant for Mrs. Saunders' arrest for de
frauding her. She said Mrs. Saunders was
then known a;? Mrs. Wetmore and her
daughter as Miss Wetmore. Judge Conlan
had taken his departure, and she promised
to be on hand to-morrow morning to
swear to the complaint.
Against Mrs. Helen C
Siunders.
Another Warrant Issued for Her Ar-
BOARDING-HOUSE
KEEPERS INVADE
CONLAN'S COURT
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, NOYEMBER 4, 1900.
sideshows, with prizes for the most meri
torious and the most successful one and
for the best spieler.
M. C. Bloas, who has been a member of
the firm of Chickering, Thomas & Greg
ory for the last seven years. Is! a candi
date for Superior Judge. He has all the
advantages which education and expert-,
ence, added to inherent honesty, can give;
and is eminently fitted for • the ¦ posi
tion. . . •
19
M*W ¦¦ ¦ <A Laflln A Rand Waterprror
ill BA8K1 Smokeless Powder, in bi ik
1 I|U V Bnd loaded ln shells. Send
BIB HIhIb » for catalogue of sporting
yUBlU KOOrts. GEO. W. SHREVE,
r " -¦ ¦ 739 Market st. : «
pP-?j VERY LATEST
K fit Strai-rhr Front,
KjJ^f *{ H.inc J -Mnde
1( SAPPHIRE
/^ CORSETS
[CWa $3.00 to $15,00
/W & 10 Gearu St.,
// /\ mA CORKER KEAJIKT.
px£i\ \i CHESTER F.WRI8HT,
A^i?- iUi -i\ ltoyal Worcester Cor«
»et-FltUus I'arlor*.
.
D'^ HI V 1 A Celebrated Female
J 5 ' 1 S V Powders "«^^r fatl -
fl ' ¦ U i ft fll lC.out Ladies <je<-iar?
- ' ' ** **» th*m safe and sure
. „ <aft?r falling with
r T^ n *- y T a Si j^anvroya! Pilla): particulars
*»- DK. ts.T. EGAr», Uevere. Boston. Mit»
HOUSE FURNISHINGS.
Weak; Men and Women
SHOULD USE D AMIAN A BITTERS, THE
treat Mexican remedy; * gives health ' aad
¦trenftb to sexual organs. Depot, 223 MarkaC
famous Marian! Tonic
mJ^M^J 50^ ? 0DY AND BRA1N
XwsP^^ Since 1S33, endorsed by Mediss 7 Profession.
Immediate lasting efficacious agreeable
At Druggists Etervwhere* Refuse Substitutes,
It Is Worth Your While to
See What the Goods Are.
Decorated Tokonobi
< China* Jardineres*
Last January we put 500 dozen These soods are th« flri'st Japa-
Decorated China Cups and Saucers nP5e Terra-Cotta. flqlshed in gilt
• on sale at two pair for 25c. and 6old an( j embossed— at special prices:
them out in one week. We after- ,.. 4v;'fn hleh 6 In wldp s i\
word' had so many calls for them 7 in hieh s4 n" w de 1$
from those that did . not set any S ,' in hieh 9 in wwi • to
that we decided to reimport them. g «• »J» {"• «{»"• f. 1 "- t 'S
and they are now on sale at the | «• JJ^ 1 "- "•"• ,,i* ; n w f^" im
old price-two pairs cups and sau- Slze - 10^ m - "» gn - u 3 ln - vvlde - 1M
cers, 25c.
A 7-lnch Decorated Vitrified Por- Q "D -. _f __ "C -«-,-__
celain Dinner or Soup Plate. Were OCrapJDOOKS*ranCy
15c each— now "c each. ,^* - ' , '
r -^~r. A Baskets, Etc.
V^eiitliOlCl Scrap Books. 10c upwards. Deco-
._ _ - rated and plain covers.
r\T /%TT/»I4-Ii»c> Albums for unmounted photP-
lNOvelLlCS* praphs. Half-leather binding. 22
<-, *. j i-> ii»- T> A^«a r .. 1 ,,,i.ij leaves, 23c 1 and upwards.
Cuff and Collar Boxes i Celluloid. p ' Ba, ke t,. with Celluloid
strong and durable. Prettily deco- y Hand-Painted. For handker-
rated. 7oc and upwards. chiefs, gloves and trinkets. 30c and
Glove and Handkerchief Boxes, upwards.
single and in sets; Celluloid, strong Glove and Handkerchief Boxes,
and durable. Single. 50c and up- Hand-Painted. Celluloid Top. Satjn
wards. Sets. $1 00 and upwards. covered and lined, 25c and up-
Cellulold Novelties, Hand-Painted, wards.
Gold-Plated Frames, 30c and up- Music Rolls, full assortment, 25c
wards. and upwards.
Write for Our 'New Christmas Book.
C^_ • :Z ~ s
L •• • . — r--fe
818-820 Market St., San Francisco.
MAIL ORDERS FILLED
A WONDERFUL STOCK OF
¦ . o . • m
NOTHING SUCCEEDS LIKE SUCCESS. For year after year a phenomenal success has attended the efforts of the man-
agement to properly conduct the immense business in a manner satisfactory both to patrons and store.
The great changes and improvements made in salesroom and factory have all been made with reference to the added con-
venience, comfort and profit of our customers. We strive continually to improve our methods of selling and to make purchasing
W c also desire to call attention to an entire absence of exaggeration in our advertisements, and state that the illustrations
o! our advertised goods are absolutely free from anything 1 which can in any way mislead or misguide — in
glaring contrast to the "DOCTORED UP" pictures in the ads of our "COMPETITORS." & i^^ If
BARGAINS ON SALE THIS WEEK! -i
_^ A SALE OF PARLOR TABLES'
A solid, substantiat Parlor Table, "xtf . , ,„ ,.
made of birch finished imitation Nm* this de-Jen of a Parlor And still another extraordinary JWBMLaS^^^^-JMK^^
1^ T/i A * reat cfrer In p- io % T * b! "- e r^? r ng ? £ ssfrtiSeTt^'p^asi .&g. $£^^^^f-^
•»<iuaxe' are of "ser- fl 4-S t Tnis one ls made of curly tremely odd design and the i t is made of solid mahogany
pc-ntfne des'gn • ..^. #^^ birch, finished imitation ma- 24-in. top having ornamented and the top Is » ln.Tn dlame- IC Kfl Hal1 Tree - Massive
1 b ho^any. polished; top 24x24 and carved rim. Its a new t er. ornamented with a clrcu- 0,011 desi^ n in selected,
-v — s — i — . — . — . — — ¦ — - — — j in.; four sides daintily carved one. and a credit to the de- i ar wreath of carving; tho >WIWW quarter - sawed oak
S PULLMAN PALACE FOLDING ( *n center; has neatly seal- s.gner. be tig out of th» or- base rests on massive feet. A highly polished; the French
BEDS in oaUand mahc£en>. ) £ped paper snelf. a <y fm n , a t r >' '" u * f ll™" K AH table that n be commented bevel mirror is 16x16 Inches; the
You must see them. They ore ( The special price c^3 pi city, yet strong 3 # |J^ O n for its oddnessjj- FA seat has a receptacle for rub-
beautiful, f ls witnai and extreme rich-ltV3lJ bers, etc. Height, 6 ft. 6 In.:
—^ —^-wv —^~~- — - — — -y . ness. Sale price is ivr#v^ w width, 3 ft. 1 In.
T5A"DTA"D T7TT"D "KTT'PTT'D 1? mail orders filled,
Jr AJlCJuUiI r U JtiiN 1 1 U xlB m^^^^^-^m,
LOWER PRICES. jTS^T f^M
e\ f\ t Three-piece Parlor Suits, Odd lines of Roman Chairs, about three I M~4c§/ ; C&k KM V^?K7 i^A ¦^^3D J} ¦ r#««5fiMl
#11 ftt hand polished and carved, different patterns, made of mahogany col- , I'igViN/ ' t K<^ v*^Z? (wJ $ ' Kj^crfc/^
/N PJ I upholstered ing f\ fj cred birch wood, upholstered in '-J f\<Th lfl?*<5j\ trzr^-r'jr- >--*><H- -* ; -^-r,» Tr ' t^"^ ¦i"iS&^'&WM
:¦¦¦ silk «inm-SM./3 velours or tapestries; $4 and "J SJ6B l#&£//\ ¦ <r^r* . >,.^.~^=^^. . &mk*
nlL» a.k-sale price 1 # * $5 grades this week s^.W /S^^Hzr^^F^k J^^^Mi
•Dm {«ilv „ , „ Davenports, our own make, golden oak or /£y<SF£V'K!fc»H ' 'n-^Wrf*^rr < H_r- W/r. - no:* L'u JIjSj A S**' ZJumt^.
lUHl lllloraimy Parlor or Recep- mahograntzed birch, upholster- O| P- AA <&5&*&£$^ !^ • KS^ffife^KE
tion Chairs upholstered ed ln 6 heavy tapestry or cor- )?} Ill) \-*'*A *1 iT^- 3^ 223l * :; 'il "1 ' t^^^f
IHOqI/ stat— sale duroy-sale price A^'" v ? \ . fj M # U llJ f I
Vinnni rrice *J«vJ«J Solid Mahogany Parlor Suits,, our own 5 l\ U i II.- •• \\^ I I
ciuuiii make, upholstered in fine silk /-* gr /» ft 3 11^ {i .- X>— > IS" : Jl>
Parlor Rockers, hand rubbed and pol- fa™^koympire green plush, fj^.yy j j , \* .
Ij=h<---1. upholsterpd and polished rif\ I *M \< u sale £ nee. ......... \K - \^ fl^~ \s^^ \Aj?
wood K&Os—eale price *f.^ll Solld Mahogany Parlor Suits, hand carv- **
jJ ...... *-* •«"»** Ing. upholstered in heavy silk mm f\ aa F ,. 6nnf tu~~ c»- r> , o -^
velour-close out price /UalMI tle S an t Threc-Picce Parlor Suits-artistic In design; frames of mahogany
Colonial Eapy Chair?, uphol- q *7 £Z v»vv polish finish, richly carved, upholstered over the finest quality springs
Se^rJ^V..?^?.!?. 1 !**.^*" S-'S WE SAVE YOU MONEY. m 19.75
<^^js^ Carpet Shopping is a pleasure here, for the reason that! every, man on our floors is a
thoroug-hly practical man, who. when told the ideas you may' have, knows exactly how to carry them
*lilP^^53il<S^ ° Ut f ° r ' VOU ' and a P leasure a S ain » owing to our honesty of purpose in giving you the very best car-
P ets or l^ e cast m o n ey.
J^&^r^^^wJl MlKT lust received, a heavy purchase of "Body MADF.1IP «^&ocr n r\
fcn\r\ «Nli \ f\ Brussels Carpets" that were specially l?IMUt"Ur 7??Sff» LO7V DOPnOrC
TM V.l ¦ rW*V\Vl/4 mad(? for nne reta11 trade, of the best lltfri-v VU^J vUl IlCl D
B!iil 1,1 \Wi !uV\y* h\ stock obtainable. They were bought very /""* __ _^__ -_ |_ I*fc _ _ S (n\n PffO ,
h: Ai J&J 4 nr^Vl much below current prices. The designs S rjrF^F^r KllO^ i7$J8®NbG and
l i: ' '_ . r _ -^'\J 1 1 1' »lh\ These -goods we have marked, I Art *¦ MPWS'^5?/' TT^.1. 1 j •
\ ' ¦ " ' M r^ Sfc * 7S*iJlf ))>'J rer yard ilirJ . IPffiCS^/ UnhOl^lPriPQ
-ivv'A% Your pariicuVarartrnticni, called «o aver, A few prices tO ShOW the great WfiMl H 11Ui&LtJ1 ™*>.
n^m^gs^ffl s d p y n^^pA&^& bargains on sale. . $mL JSSftZ SS^
il W^k^l l^^^MB. 1-10 B'zelO,xl3. Axminster 827 . OO W" SS||^gggS^
l f j 1 *»>SS ¥\ Taoestrv Brussels Cur, am j -- Size 11x12-6, Lowell B. B 25.OO es, etc.
{JJ If/j -WSid %A pets? P 7r v^rd!.. .'.65C and 75C Size 8-3x10. Axminster 1S.OO
ffl B\ Inr'ains, in the medium dr- M . ift/ , re, Size 8-3x12, Axminster 'JO.OO _ 1 • 1. I
Ml pendable qualities, per yard JWC. 41IC, 33C Size 8-3x10, Wilton Velvet 1H.OO lUrklSll LaiTlpS.
*-£$& S=ecial- A moderate price Art Square in Size 10-6x10-6. Bigelow B. B 21.OO
"W $ 5 .5O. g:\rTfrH TV^ «|^S$iilI 1$S Tabourettes.
T». above cut w.n«r.u on. of our sp«- |^™(j,?> .... 4.25 \ J-dJ:. b . y .....5.75 sizo 6x3. English Bru.-eels 8 50
SSffK^J^psSS p:5giSg||plsi&S j Turkish Chairs. •
rubbed and polished, r.r-at can inp. uphol- fine Cotton Japanese o V f\ from the flnest Ro >' al Wiltons at one-
Btered in nne silk damask. Sale price Mattings, at per roll of 40 O.^l? third the regular price. Bring the size of Tti-lrlcU D:~.~
}=o.J»0 yards vt^ v your room. lUrKISn t^\y)QS.
B-autiful Gsndo'a Couch- 32 inches wide 6 ft 6 in, A work -c^ art a^ 1&« all other couches, a product Idea and lashed to
Buy Our Goods «llSliSS^.OO, • 1^^ •
and after tbe clcssst - 5ae^P^^^aiue at 120.00. This couch would sen at downtown stores for thingl You may be
inzpeciion (it's what J0$§3^\ A Special Bargain. $T5 '°°'- Compar °- wc ask comparison. -rescued, but it's
the best that S made Turkish Csuch -M a de up cither in *on<Jo!a ,ha P e or % ¦ " and w. ow fh K uhT ¦
— Only the prices CQd stralgrht. as shown in picture, it combines comfort Solid R'ch Davenptrt, made to crder in either plain ana We ow O tl)e building
tilt ,«..M ««?• S' and durability. Mad; to order In either or colored Fren-h- velour. Frame is mahoganlzed —are glad to see VOU.
qUa!lt!CS WOUld not French tapeMry or best French velour. - - . c/ x birch, piano finish. It is 6 feet (J inches-* mj; ~ A/ whathJrtfoi.'r^L \
I^^U c^ y.toU or» r,-r»c»r . A P '',l° W teriotne< v ss&ry, as the head |4-,3U lonB and s0 lnchf!s dee P- $5 ° wouU1 b6 a 3 7 i5O Y Jhzt^ r y° u re ready to
lOOK SO V/ell on p-per. Is BUtBccntly el-vated iTt^/v low price in downtown shops sJllw ' v Duy or not.
Mission and Sixteenth. PJ| | | ||S||,^ \ Sixteenth and UmkjL
715 Market St. 8.P. I Shattncfc At, Ferfcjloy
9th .fe Was'h'n. Oai I Central Ave, Alamed*
7th St Wood. Oak. 1 59 1st Street, San Joso.
Eastern Hagis potnyi Iiiq
Kansas corn fe4 pork. Sweet
and tender. Medium lean.
Monday and Tuesday .
Tepee Soap 15 bars 25c
For all kind of washing. Made
to fit the hand, same^s Lenox.
Cold Spring Cream 5c
SteraUzed ana EraporitaL Largo
size can llks Lily Cream. Onr
guarantee with every can. Beg. 10c
Ghirardelli's Cocoa can 19c
For immediate serving— vrholssome.
Monday and Tnesday . , _ , y
Rex Beef Extract jar 30c
"Cudahy V* pri4« prodact At <
6 breakfast— a strengrthener. At "
luncheon — a comfort. At dinner— *
necessity. Usnally 40c.
Java and Mocha Coffee
Straight blend. -nnTlTlfl <2CO
Absolutely froaxan- puu.UU. -s^v.
teed or money refunded.
For Monday only.
Schilling's Baking Powder
"Shilling's best" -rwvri-i-ni *>nt%
Money back Bakia* pOUna 3OC
Powder. Usnally 45c.
New Ceylon Tea ponnd 35c
A prowlng favorite among tea
drinkers. Regular 50o.
Wtirzbnrg Malt Extract
Will build up the Arvrt^-n <*T r^r
constitution: UOZen £Z.O 0
Will stresstheo the nervous tjstega.
Will restore sound refreshing sleep.
Win promote trood digestion. WQl
insure a healtny appetite.
Monday and Tuesday. Beg. 52.85.
Belfast Ginger Ale
bSuun? 0 " dozen $1.25
Imported. Resmlar $L60.
Old Crow Whiskey
Guaranteed genuine. V, or 4.1i» r\-n
Begulax Sl.fi. DOtUC 95C
Huckenheimer Rye
Whiskey bottle 75c
Aged and matured fn bond.
Rich and mellow. Regular S\00.
D* Absinthe bottle $1.25
C. F. Berger— French. Reg. f;.ta.
Claret Wine gallon 25c
Good table wi oa. . If ondyty SB Tuesday.
Cabernet Wine gallon 60c
Eztrmordlnary fine quality. . ,
1S82 Vintage. Very dry. Los
Cerrltos Vineyard.. Regnlar «1.0a
I Creme 1
B i.ji'jjuj I» the'surwt and safest com- K!'SH
H|'|i 91 plexlon creator. It removes B'-'v'H
H.'v'.H all .pimples and blotches, . H«?B|
B .¦;•'" 'ifia freshens the skin and leaves B'vSj
sh ':V:1 IS your face as soft and fair ?s H.tJ. H
Hj •;.!'¦ H in clrlhood. For sale by B' * M
Hii^H r>ru 8S lsts and General Deal- K^H
pi FREE for a Year, fll
HI Woman's 1 1|
III Home Companion. ||l
I'MiiH the favorite ladies' maga- ff---':Bl
Hr'-'i'V M zl ne - Send stamp for part Ic- H ;*;¦„' H
Ri ; '?j*;H "lavs to-day, as - only 1000 H^.JB
¦ »¦ subscriptions will be given ¦*4'H
¦ %¦ away. Address Adv. Dept. ¦¦»',¦:¦
H?^"H E- B. HARRINGTON & CO., ¦,- H
¦ IvilH Mf>"s., Los Anceles. Cal. ¦>•"-«
ADVERTISEMENTS.derson did not relish this Interference and
proceeded to lift him off the car. Nevlll
resisted, but at Third and Mission street3
was finally thrown off.
CROWD TRIES TO MOB
MOTORMAN ANDERSON
Had It not been for the valor of Police
man Thomas Naylor in standing oft a
crowd of large proportions, Motorman
Charles Anderson of car 1104 of the
Third and Kentucky streets line, might
have been mobbed last n'.ght shortly after
8 o'clock. W ' ! , *
B. I*. Nevlll, a grocery clerk, boarded
the car at Third and Market streets and
at once proceeded to make things Inter
esting for the motorman. He punched
him In the ribs, called him all kinds of
names and in the distance of a block had
the conductor and the motorman guess
ing as to who was running the car. An-
The explosion was ,so great that mules
were killed at the mouth of the mine and
Will Marks and James Jackson were
fatally Injured.
PHILLIPPI. "W. Va., Nov. 3.— Thirteen
miners were killed by an explosion that
occurred this morning at 1 o'clock at the
mines of the Southern Coal and Transpor
tation Company at Berrysburg, six milea
from this place. The dead:
OLLIE MARKS, pit boss.
ANDREW BLACKWELL.
ALBERT BROWN.
LAWRENCE DUNCAN.
PACK ADAMS.
SEVEN OTHERS whose names are not
obtainable.
Explosion at Berrysburg in Which It Is Known That Thirteen Lose Their Lives and It
Is Said Many Bodies Are Still in the Pit.
along the main I channel and about the
opening were the arms, legs, hands and
othor portions of the bodies of the dead
miners. The miners insist that the ex
plosion was caused by. fire damp.
As the work of removing the dead pro
gresses things look worse. Four men
have been brought out during the last
hour and the searchers report that dozens
are yet in the mine. Most of those
brought out are mutilated beyond descrip
tion.
A messenger Just reutrned from tho
mines states that the bodies of twelve
men have been brought out, eight of
whom were recognized. Four men are in
the hospital and not expected to live until
morning. Twenty men are unaccounted
for. The men are mostly negroes and
Slavs.
cars were blown- forty feet from the track.
One man was blown in two at the loins
and his body thrown against a pile' of
lumber at the mouth of the mine.
The night shift went on duty at 7
o'clock. Everything went smoothly until
about midnight, when the explosion oc
curred. The dead were mutilated beyond
recognition.
The explosion was probably the result
of an accidental discharge of dynamite,
caused perhaps by concussion of a blast.
The property loss Is llKht. Operation will
be resumed at the mines as usual on Mon
day.
The force of the explosion 1 was so great
that two men were found sixty feet from
the mouth of the mine. An hour after the
explosion hundreds had visited the mine.
The sight was a most horrible one. Strewn
MANY WORKMEN PERISH IN
A WEST VIRGINIA MINE
THERE was a sad ending yester
day morning to the pleasure
trip of the Leonardo family of
Sunol, two of its members, lit
tle Joe Leonardo, aged 13 years,
and Joe Marshall, aged 19 years, being
found dead in bed, asphyxiated, in the
New Orleans lodging house at 1237 Stock
ton street.
The boys came down from Sunol on Fri
day morning with Mr. and Mrs. A. M.
Leonardo. Joe Marshall was a brother of
Mrs. Leonardo, and little Joe, who was a
bright boy of gentle manners, was her
sen by a former husband. They were on
a visit to Mr. Leonardo's married
daughter. Mrs. J. Silva of 33S Green
street. With the party were three
younger sisters of little Joe. They all
went to the Chutes on Friday night, and
there not being sufficient spare beds in
the Silva household to accommodate all.
It was nearly 1 o'clock yesterday morn
ing when they returned from the Chutes,
and the boys were shown to their room
by G. Cllscagne. the landlord. According
to his testimony given at the inquest yes
terday forenoon, he lighted the gas jet
for them and Instructed them as to the
manner In which they should extinguish
it. Following his usual custom, he shut
off the gas supply at the meter at C:30
o'clock in the morning. At 8 o'clock he
detected the odor of the illuminating gas
coming from the room where the deaths
occurred and opening a window overlook
ing the fire escape saw the two boys In
bed, the elder's head and shoulders hang
ing down and almost touching the floor.
The pas key was turned fully on. Neither
of *the boys had had any experience with
gas. Both bodies were rigid, showing that
death had come several hours before the
discovery of the remains.
the two Joes, uncle and nephew, took a
room on the fourth floor of the New Or
leans House.
In the meantime Mr. and Mrs. Leon
ardo and Mrs. Sllva waited for the boys
to come to breakfast. As the hours
passed away they concluded that the boys
had lost their way or been taken, sick,
and they proceeded toward the lodging
house. When they came within a block
of the place they saw the Morgue wagon
standing in front of the door and a black
coffin being placed In it. At the same
time an acquaintance met them and ab
ruptly told the unsuspecting mother that
her brother and her son were dead.
The poor woman collapsed on the side
walk, and on being raised to her feet went
into hysterics, moaning and calling
plteously for her boy Joe. Her three lit
tle girls were screaming with fright and
a crowd of several hundred people gath
ered while Deputy Coroner Flynn and a
policeman were waiting for a bupgy to
take the frantic woman to the Sylva resi
dence.
A verdict of accidental death was ren
dered.
THE TWO SUXOL, YOUTHS WHOSE IGNORANCE OF THE DANGEROUS NATURE OF GAS BROUGHT ABOUT
THEIR DEATHS. THEY WERE ON A VISIT TO RELATIVES AND HAD RETIRED AT A LATE HOUR AFT
ER A NIGHT OF AMUSEMENT.
Joe Marshall and His Young Nephew, Both of Sunol,
Are Asphyxiated. v
UNFAMILIAR1TY WITH GAS
COSTS THEM THEIR LIVES
Refused to Show Books.
Mrs. H. Rutz, the wife of George Rutz,
a Valencia-street baker, who became no
torious some time ago by feeding bread
Instead of hay to his horses, was arrested
on a warrant last evening and taken to
the Seventeenth-street station. The wo
man is secretary of what is known as the
Rutz Baking Association, and the war
rant charges her with having refused to
show the books of the corporation to the
shareholders.
Tjevensaler Supports Knight in the
Thirty-Fourth.
To the- Voters of the Thirty-fourth As
sembly District: I was surprised to see
my name on the sample ballot aa a can
didate for the Assembly, Thirty-fourth
District. I never authorized its use and
am not a candidate. I was a delegate to
the Republican State Convention, and I
will support and -vote for Edward D.
Knight for Assemblyman. I respectfully
request that all my friends do the same.
J. G. Levensaler. .-•-..
Overcoat Thief Arrested.
Six charges of petty larceny were placed
against James Barry by Detectives Ryan
and O'Dea at the Hall of Justice last
evening. Barry is an ex-convict who
served time' for cutting a man with a
razor. It is alleged by the police that he
has been In the habit of standing In the
neighborhood of the Palace Hotel and of
taking overcoats from buggies that stood
in the street. Six stolen coats were re
covered. :•.. /. .
The memory of a past happiness Is a
wrinkle on the face of time. •
A. G. Faulkner, who claims to be a
nephew of Senator Faulkner of West Vir
ginia, was arrested last night on a war
rant charging him with petty larceny and
placed behind bars at the Hall of Justice
station. Miss Julia E. Dall of 106 Eddy
street is the complaining witness. She
alleges that the relative of the statesman
robbed her of a watch.
According to the woman's story. Faulk
ner visited her room during her illness
and after his departure she missed the
timepiece. She finally secured a warrant
for his arrest. .
Faulkner is at present employed as a
clerk by a pension agent on Ellis street.
He denies that he committed the theft
STATESMAN'S RELATIVE
CHARGED WITH Ai THEFT
Nephew of Senator Faulkner Accused
by a Woman o'f Stealing
a Watch.
WASHINGTON, Nov. 3.-Tbe report of
the auditor of the Postoffice Department
for the fiscal year ending, June 30, 1900,
shows that the total revenues for the de •
partment for that period were $102,354,5?J
and the expenditures $1OT,249,29S, leaving a
deficit of $4,894,718. £
The amount of stamps, stamped envel
opes, newspaper wrappers and postal
cards sold during the year was $94,013,699.
The- amount of second-class postage ob
tained from publishers and news agents
was $3,351,386. The inland mail shows an
expenditure for transportation of $54,781,
590 and the foreign account an expendi
ture of $1,935,701. The receipts from the
domestic money order system during the
year are shown to have been $1,915,462 and
the expenditures 566S.SG7, leaving a net rev
enue of $l,246,a!Kl. Notwithstanding this
favorable showing, the auditor says that
if charged its proper share of the expenses
of the service there would be shown a net
loss of at least $100,000 annually.
The report shows that the population of
the United States in 17.30 was 4.000,000; in
1900 it is over 75,000,000. The wealth of the
people In real and personal property prob
ably aggregated $2,000,000,000 in 1790, and is
conservatively estimated at $80,000,000,000
Jn liHW. The number of postoflices was 74
In 17M) and 7G.ii91 In 1900. The postal reve
nues were $37,975 in 1790 and $102,354,579 In
1900. Therefore, while the population of
the country has increased 19 to 1 in 119
years and the wealth of the people 40 to 1,
fhe number of postoflices ha3 increased
1000 to 1 and the revenues ol the services
.2100 to 1.
tionate Growth of the Service
With the Popu
lation.
Interesting Figures Snowing Propor-
Report Filed by the Auditor
for the Last Fiscal
Year.
TOTAL RECEIPTS
OF POSTOFFICE
The one hundred and ninety-first birth
day of Dr. Samuel Johnson was celebrated
at Lichfleld. England, by the dedication
| of his birthplace as a public memorial to
lfcim. .-„:¦".."
Criminal Court Proceedings.
Violet Brooks, who fleeced a compan
ion a few months ago and who suffered
conviction on a charge of grand larceny
for the offense, was sentenced to serve
two years in San Quenlin by Judge Dunna
yesterday. Kate de Costa, convicted of
an assault, was sentenced to six months
in the County Jail. The charge of em
bezzlement preferred against James M.
Blanchard by a local Jewelry company
was dismissed by Judge Dunne. A mo
tion to dismiss the second indictment
against ex-Dlstrict-» Attorney James D.
Page, who Is now serving a term in Fol
som. will be argued before Judge Dunne
next Monday.
Argument on a motion to ' dismiss the
second , Indictment found ;by the j Grand
Jury, charging Fred X Hanated, better
known as "Young Dutchy," with making
and uttering a fictitious document as the
Argument in Hansted Case.
In voting for Joseph T. O'Connor, Dem
ocratic candidate for Justice of the Peace,
you will help to elect one who is not mere
ly an able but a thoroughly upright, hon
est man.:, / •
by Police.
The Board of Public Works recently re
quested Chief of Police , Sullivan: to in
struct all patrolmen to make a note of
the number of street lamps not luminary
at night. This action 'was deemed neces
sary in order to ascertain whether or not
the lights charged for by the San Fran
cisco Gas and Electric Company had act
ually been furnished during each night. .
Gas Inspector Tupper received his first
report from Chief Sullivan yesterday. It
shows that last Friday night in the West
ern Addition seventeen electric - lights
were turned off before the proper "¦ time
and that nine gas lamps remained un
lighted all night. - ¦ , •
Board of Works Will Reduce City's
Gas Bills on Information. Given
TAKING NOTE OF ALT,
TTNLIGHTED STREET LAMPS
¦ Philbrook's great run for Senator in the
Twenty-first is like Mayor Sutro's In 1896.*
After the close of the parlor there was
an adjournment to an adjoining hall,
where there was served an excellent sup
per. Miss Emily Mclnnery was toast
mistress, and she, after an address by
Mrs. E. Thierbach and one by the grand
president, presented each on behalf of the
parlor a bouquet of American beauties.
Miss E. D. Keith responded to .' "The
Grand Parlor," Mrs. Rena Hllke Mills to
"The Platform of Our Order," District
Deputy Grand President Mrs. Agnes L»un
stedt to "La Estrella Parlor," Dr. Marl
ana Bertola, P. G-. P., to "The Past
Grand," Mrs. Belle W. Conrad, P. G. P..
to "Recollections of a European Tour,
Mrs. Genevleve Baker, grand vice presi
dent, to "The Native Sons," and Mrs. E.
G. Koley to "Tlie Grand Trustees." The
very enjoyable function closed with the
singing of "America."
. Mrs. Ema Gett, grand president of the
Native Daughters of the Golden West,
raid her first official visit to a San Fran
cisco parlor last evening. It was to La
Estrella Parlcr, where she was greeted
by the greater portion of the membership
and a number of visitors. The business
methods of the parlor and the ritualistic
•work of the officers were highly com
mended.
Parlor of the Native Daughters.
She Is Well Received by La Estrella
MRS. EMA GETT PAYS
AN OFFICIAL VISIT
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, NOVEMBER 4, 1900,
agent of John M. Chretien, was heard by
Judee Dunne yesterday. The defense con
tends that the same Grand Jury that
found the first indictment, which was de
fective, found the second, and hence had
a fixed opinion before hearing the evi
dence in the case, which renders its acts
illegal. Judge Dunne Intimated that the
objection was well taken. Further argu
ment on the Issues involved will be heard
next week, however.
Nevlll was arrested and sent to the Hall
of Justice, charged with disturbing the
peace. After completing his run Ander
son was taken to the City Hall station
and charged with battery, but was soon
released on ball.
The struggles of the two men attracted
a large crowd, and for a few minutes
Anderson was in a bad way. Naylor went
to his aid and by the Judicious use of his
club succeeded in keeping the crowd from
doing violence to the motorman.
20
" 3
F
Gentlemen, here's a
budget of bargains in
shirts. Some quick sale
i pricelets to enliven busi-
ness a bit.
H crc's the list
Lot No. i — Unlaund-
ried standard shirts, made
right here in S. F. by
one of the best shirt
factories in America.
Bosoms, long or short —
seams, felled — reinforced
back and front — patent
non-rippable gussets
50 cts.
Lot No. 2 — Men's flan-
nelette night shirts.
Most any pattern and
very long and plenty big
— a fine, firm, fleecy
flannelette — as warm as
toast for cold winter
nights
65 cts.
Lot No. 3 — A colored
shirt for a dollar — Ma-
dras or Percale, with
cuffs to match — it's a
cracker-jack and we
have every wanted size
in every stylish shade
and shape
$I.OO
The new coc neckwear
jusr come in — no use to
pay more than RED
FRONT prices
OPP POWELL
RATT.BOAI) TRAVEL.
•OUT11KKM r*«lfl»! COJlPJsST.
(PAt:lf ic STSTKU.)
Train* I«i%t« mid »r« <lu« (• arriv* •*
MAM rBAHCIMA.
(Main Line. Foot "f UarkM Street)
1JUTB — iROlf OCTOEKR 1, 19C9. — AKSTrS
•~:OOa Benlcia, Suisiin, Elmlxa. Vacatliie.
Ramsey anil Sacramento *7:i:»r
*7<OOa Shasta Express— Davis. WilUsmj (fui
Bartlett Springs), WiUows. KeU
Blufi. PorUaod. •?:«»
•7>SOa Martinez. San Kamon, Vallejo. Ntpa.
Caiiatogk aud Hant» Ron •S:|,i P
••jOOa IH»iii, Woodland. Knights Landing-,
>1uxjBFili9, Oro'iiln.. . »7M3p
•StOOa Atliuti.; K x press— Ofden and East •la.-l.'.f
•»:o«* NUes. Tr*cy. Lathrop. Stockton *Usl3x
¦ •••»•* ti*u Jum, 1.1 1 erinum. Mtookton.
lone. .->acr»in?uti>. Tluerxttll%
M»rjrsTlllB, fhico, Ke<l Itlntr -lnu
•SiSOa Oakdale, Chinese. Honor*. Cuten... •!: l»»
*SiOOa Haywariia. Nilea and Witj HUtioos. • 1 1: 13*
. "HiUUi Los AnKtsles Express — IhtttaML
Tracy. Lathrop. Mtocktcn. MerorU
Treauo and Loa AskhIcs *T:13v
•0i3»A Vullt-Jd. MarUnez »u.i Way Stations •.•>:!»/
•1O;«Ua TheOTerUu.lLiinlMKJ— Cgdeu. Deu-
ver. Omaha. Chica«.i *6:43*
¦IIiVOa Mlrs, 8tockton. -iucr»ui-uto. Men.
dota. Fresno, lUnfurJ. VisalU.
Portwtille : **:|3f
*11iOOa IiTermore. Saogw. Goshen Joso*
tlon. Rik-rsCeul, Los Angeles.....
•I a i»n m Ilaywar Ja. Kites and Way citations. •»!».¦»#
fli«l»r Bserauieuto lilin HUwiumii t3:On«
•3iOOp Harwsrdi. NUes and Way Stations. »»i 13»
*4:0itr MnnUtrr. Nan JUmoti, Vallsjo.
Ns|ta. Calintnga. 3auU Kosa •I#il3«
•siOOr Denlda. Winters. Saaramanlot
Wo<Mlla»<t. KnuliU Lauding.
M«ryn»ilir. Orurillo •!/»: n»
MiSOr KUes, San Juse and Stockton *?il3»
•aiVOrThe Owl Limited-l'rsc/, Fresno.
Bakendeld. Haugns for diiita Il»r-
b.tra. Lcs Aogelea •1»>1Sa
"9i«Of Stockton *i*»AAa.
•JiO»rSe» Orlnuu Kxpraa— Hakeranald.
SitntH llarbsra, !*• Anjeles. Dem-
Ing-, El Paso. «aw Orleans and - »
East ......... •7)I."Ia
•9tm»r BarwarOa. NU«»and Saa Josa n.l.il
4a>0«r Vidlajo *ia>1.1v
•OiV«r Oriental Mall— OgJan, Caeyenne,
Omaha, Chicago *l? t i3»
•«i00» Oriental Mall-Ogdea, DeaTer
Omab*. Chicago. Mils*
TtO«r Nllee, ¦Tracy. L»ihrop. Stockton.... a ia*U»
>TiO«r Ot^Sn and California K.i.r^H^. "**"»
'"">•'»«", Marjs»JlI». ns<l(»ii«.
.. .. 1 Pllge4 Honui sud Ewl *Ii43a
t*f*r Vallejo. Pott CciU and W»» flta-
Mon^ tll»—s>
COAST DIVISION (.N.rrorr «a»»o).
(fooi of Market Stml.) **
*Sil8ANewarlc,CratarfIlle,iJsiiJos«,reltoa. '
BoalderCreek.SantaCrusandWa*
Stations •«(*¦»
tStlSr Hew«k C«at«.r»IIl9. Sail Joaa, N«rv mw
Alma-Jen, Feltou, lionlder Creek,
SanU Cru» and Prlocipal Way
Ststlous it a>a«a
•««1»P Newark. H»n Jos«. Los Gatos ! •9.3#a
fllH3rHtmt«n' Kxennlon. Saa Jos* and
WayBftlon. r7««T
CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
ma sis mieisco— r*n «r Mukit sine isus jv—
-2fS5 ££ «^t " : « - a:M «»»
ItmOlIUIB— r»«t«riruit*«T.— *B;00 M0 10-.00«.a.
. tllOO '1:03 t2:03 «»:38 ti:C8 > 8:33>.H.
COAST DIVISION (Broad (U<ri.
(Third ri t* TewnsenJ Sta)
{•*¦•* Ocean View. Uoatb a»n frsndsoo.. 'Tdffiw
*Ti«»a Ban Joas and '7sy Sutlom (Ksw
Aluiader Wednesdays only) *l(30»
••••Oa Han J.jsb. Trea Piuoa. Hanta Orna.
Faeillo <5ro»o. Faao Hoblaa. Saa
I.nla Oltiauo, Surf. Lompoo and
Prinolpal Wsy Stations Milt*
•I»MOa Ban Joss and W«y 8UUona. liUt
•IIiSOa Man Joss aud Wa- Stations *3i*«?
t»i4»r 8»n Mateo. Redwood. Manlo Park.
Palo Alto. Santa Clara. San Jos*.
Tres Ptnoa, Santa Crux. Salinas.
Mouterej ami l'seldo OroTO tl*«S04
fl«n«f San Joss and Way Stskloiis *7i30r
M:ISr San Join aa.i Principal Way Stations *1U3a
t5:«Or San Jok, Los Gatos and Principal
W»y Stations tO:O«»
•3:3Or 3anJoso ami Principal Way 8Utions *»:33 4
*<i::t«F San .loss and \V»y Sutlous M:«»»a
allflar Ssn Jotaaml Way SUtlons »7l3l>y
A (or Horning. I' tot Afternoon.
'Daily. t Sunday ezenpted. I Sunday only.
a aj.imrday ijulr.
NORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD,
Via Sausallto F«rry.
Commencing September SO. 1300.
FROM SAX FRANCISCO TO MILX. VAI.T.r.T
AND SAN RAFAEL*
WEEK DAYS— S:ii. *9:15. ll:&0 a. m.. «l:O
3:15. 4-00. 5:15 *s:15, »:40 p. ra.
EXTRA TRIPS— For Mill Valley and Saa
Rafael on Mondays. "Wednesdays and 8atur«
days at 9:00 and 11:35 p. ra.
SUNDAYS— »8:00. •10:C0., "11:30 a. m.. *1:H
1:15. •?:43. «:30. 9:00 P. m.
Trains marked <*) ran to San Qnentln.
FROM SAN KAFAEL TO SAN FRANCI3COL
WKEK DATS-6:K. *«:30. 7:i5, 9:30 a. nu.
*12X> 1:45 ••':3t>. 4:30. 5:20 p. m.
EXTHA TP.IP9 on Mondays. Wednesday*
and Saturdays at 6:43 and 10:20 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 6:20. 'SUM. -HUCO. »11:45 a. m,
•1:40 *3:15. 4:i3. *6:SO p. m.
Trains marked <•> s>tart from San Qcentln.
FROM MILX, VALL.KY TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS-5:45 .8:43. 7:55. 9:M a. in..
12-35 1:10. 3:30. 4:54. 5:3) r>. m.
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays. 'Wednesdays
and Saturdays at 7:10 and 10:2O p. m.
BUNDAYS-8:03. 10:05 a, m.. 12:05, 1:15, IJOL,
600 i:ii P. m.
0W> THROUGH TRAXX9.
6:55 a. m. week flays— Cazadero and way sta.
ttons. •
1:45 p. m. Saturdays— Tomales and way sta-
tions.
8:00 a. m. SunJavs— Tomales and way sta-
tions
MOUNT TAMALPAIS RAILWAY
Leaves San Francisco, via Sausallto Ferry:
WEEK DAYS 9:15 a. m. : 1:45 and 4:00 p. m. '
SUNDAYS.. ....8:00, 10:00. U:S0 and 1:15 p. m.
Fare, San Francisco to Summit and Rtturn.
no.
NEW TAVERN OF TAMALPAI3 NOW OPEN.,
Ticket offices. 62 Market st. Sausallto Ferry.
VOTE FOR
Senate
Constitutional
Amendment N0.15
THE SEVENTH AMENDMENT ON
THD TICKET-PROVIDUCO FOR THE
PAYMENT OF TEACHERS' SALAR-
IES AJCD OBLJGATIOXS DUE TO
Merchants of San Francisco
K $
%_t*330 MARKETS! .~S£^35t*
PUFF RflYlll !SS Fcr B^
valises checked free
WINTER RgSORTS.
PARAISO HOT SPRINGS,
The Carlsbad of America, U now open for tae
%-ir.ter eeasoa. Address C. T. ROM IK. Paxalso
ferlacs. CaJ.
NoMore Dread of the Dental Chair
TEETH EXTRACTED AND FILLED AB-
SOLUTELY WITHOUT PAIN, by our late sci-
entific method applied to the gums. No ileep-
producinff asent or cocaine.
These are the only dental parlors in San
Francisco having PATENTED APPLIANCES
and Ingredients to extract, fill and apply gold
crowns and porcelain crowns undetectable from
natural teeth, and warranted for ten years.
WITHOUT THE LEAST PAIN. Full sot of
teeth, $5: a perfect fit guaranteed or no pay.
Gold crowns. $5. Gold fillings. SI. Sliver fill-
ing*. 50c. All work done by GRADUATE DEN-
TISTS of from 12 to 20 years' experience, and
each department in charge of a specialist. Give
tin a rn\\. and yon will find us to do exactly as
we advertise. We will tell you In advance ex-
actly what your work will cost by a FREE EX-
AMINATION.
JRJ PLATES flllljs*
New York Dental Parlors,
723 Market Street,
SAN FRANCISCO.
MAIN OFFICE PORTLAND. Or.
BRANCH SEATTLE. WASH.
BAILROAD TRAVEL.
CALIFORNIA NORTBWESTESN RY. CO.
SAN FRANCISCO AND NORTH PACIFIC
RAILWAY COMPANY.
Tlburon Ferry, Foot of Market St.
SAX FRANCISCO TO SAN RAJTAEI*
WEEK DAYS— 7:30. 9:00, 11:00 a. m.: 12:33.
3:30. 5:10. 6:30 p. ra. Thursdays— Extra trip
at 11:80 o. m. Saturdays— Extra trips at 1:5a
and 11:30 d. m.
SUNDAYS— 8:00. »:S0. 11:00 a. m.; l:3ff. 1:38.
6:C0, 6:20 d. m.
SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS-«:10. 7:60. »:20, 11:10 a. m.: HAS,
»M. 5:15 p. m. Saturdays— Extra trips at
1:65 and 8:25 o. m.
SUNDAYS— 8:10. >:40. 11:10 a. m.; 1:40. t:40»
6:05, 6:25 p. m. <
Between San Francisco and Schnetzen Park j
same schedule aa above.
Leave I In Effect. I Arrive
Ban Francisco. I Apr. 15. 1900-1 San Franclactx
Week I Sun- I I Sun- I Week
Days. [ days. | Destination. | days. | Days.
7:30 am 8:00 am Norate). 10:40 am 9:40 am
t:30 pm (:30 am Petaluma. 8:06 pm 10:15 am
. 1:19 pm 5:00 pm Santa Rosa. 7:35 pm 4:20 pin
Fulton.
1:30 am Windsor. 10:25 am
Healdsburgr.
Lytton.
Geysarvllle.
l:J0pn 8:00 am Cloverdale. 7:35 pm 8:20 pra
T:80am| j Hopland j 110:25 am
8:30 pm| 8:00 am| and Uklah. | 7:35 pm| 6:20 pm
'7:30 am 10:23 am
1:00 am Guernevllle. 7:35 pm
1:30 pm ; -- 6:10 pm
f JOam 8:00 am Bonoma f JS am 8:40 am
and
8:10 pm 8:00 pm Glen Eilan. 1:05 pm C:20 pm
7:30 ami 8:00 ami 110:40 am|10:J5 am
8:30 pm| 6:00 pmj Bebastopol. j 7:S5 pm| 8:20 pm
Stajres connect at Santa Rosa for Mark "West
Eprlnjcs and White Sulphur Springs: at Fulton
for Altruria: at Lytton for Lytton Springs- at
Geyservllle for Skaees Sprints: at Cloverdale
for the Geysers: at Hop'and for Duncan
Bprlns*. Highland Springs. Kelseyvllle Carls-
bad Springs, Soda Bay. Lakeport and Bartl«tt
Springs; at Uklah for Vichy Sprln&s, Saratora
Bprlngrs. Blue Lakes. Laurel Dell Lake. Witter
Bprlne-s. Upper Lake. Pomo. Potter Valley
John Day's. Rlver*':Je. Llerley**, BucknelVa!
Sanhedrln Heights. Hullvllle. Orr's Hoi
Sprines. Mendoclno City. Fort Bragr West-
port. Usal. Willits. Laytonville. Cummins
Bell's Springs. Harris. Olsen'a. Dyer ScotU
and Eureka. . v«w»
Saturday to Monday round trto tickets at
3S«eTa!«Sies J? *" P ° laU
Jrg%&Z&£> Market "r.^r't 1^*
._ O«neral Manacav Gon. Fas*. A«ei«,
Santa* Fe
Trains—Daily
Leave Markit-street Ferry Depot.
Lrt. San Francisco. 8:00 a m 4:10 p m 8:00 p m
Arr. Stockton 12:30 p m 7:15 p m 11:05 p m
•• Merced 2:42 pm 1:18 a tn
•* Fresno 4:20 p m 3:05 a m i
•* ViRalla IrCOpra 4:60 am
- Tulare 6:32 pm 6:10 am
•• Hanford ...... 5:33 p m 7:0« a m
M Bakersfleld ... 8:50 p m 7:30 am
•• Denver 10:00 a m •
** Kansas City... 5:15 p m
" Chicago 7:40 am
? a. m. train la the Overland Express. Corre-
sponding; train arrives at 6 p. m. dally.
4:10 p. m. is Stockton Local. Corresponding
train arrives 11:03 a. m. dally.
8:00 p. ra. Is Fresno and Bakersfleld Expre«s.
with Bleeping Cars fcr both cities. Correspond'
tor train arrives at I a. m. dally.
OFFICES— 441 Market st. and In Ferry Depot*
Ran Francisco: IMS Broadway. Oakland.
RALLY
AND
BARBECUE
-GLEISMPARK
SjUNDAY.
Col, John P. Irish
Will Speak at 2 P. M. in Behalf of the
GOLD DEMOCRACY
And Will State Their Case Aeain«t Bryan.
THE PUBLIC ARE INVITED.
Addresses by Other Bpeaken.-
Barbecue at 11 O'clock A. M.
Cpeaklss Commences at 2 P. 1L
ADVERTISEMENTS.
FURNITURE AND CARPETS
AT 20 PER CENT DISCOUNT
FROM REGULAR PRICE.
Free delivery wlthla 200 mile*.
BRILLIANT'S,
338-340-342 POST ST., •
Open evening. Near Powell.
- ADVEBTISEJiCENTS. '
¦ -n*
Fall Dress Goods
The New Dress Stuffs for Fall and Winter have arrived.
There are many novelties among them, and all have been
selected with the best taste and with a thorough knowl^
edge of what fashion has ordained for the comina season.
In making our purchases we have been fortunate in
securing a number of large lots at special prices, and
these will be advertised from time to time. For this
week we mention the following :
Silk Finished Silk Embroidered
Henrietta Cloth. Cashmeres.
A very fine quality, full 38 inches All-wool, silk-finished and silk
wide, a very popular material just embroidered. Trie very latest novcl-
now for waists, tea-j?owns. dressing: ty for fancy waists, in about 2^ of the
'sacks, etc.; in black and the follow- newest shades, princicallv reds and
ing colors: Tan, jjarnet. rose pink. greens, for both street and evening
cream, four new shades of red and wear. We invite you to insoect our
four of brown, and three each of beautiful variety of this new material,
gray and new blue. . This week — _, . _
Per Yard 50c rrencn roule Plaids.
Rlsirk- Qfnrm fhovinf ew * aI1 st >' les and coloring, fa-
ESiaCK 5tOrm CneVlOt. . eluding royal blue, purple, moss
An extra heavy quality, suitable for green, golden brown.^ etc Warranted
separate skirts, Eton suits, athletic a^ PV. re ' wool— 38 inches wide— a
1 costumes, etc., fast raven black — will splendid material for children's- r .-
: not crock — 39 inches wide — $rood school dresses, winter waists or seo- '$
value for 35c yard. " On sale this cerate skirts— the regular soc jrrade on
week — Per Yard 19c sale this week — Per Yard 25c
Domestic Department.
California Blankets. Comforters.
A large lot of 11-4 white lambs' We have just received direct from
wool blankets for double beds extra the manufacturers a larsre shipment
°[ «•» T.rjT '» *~
silk tape, absolutely the finest blan- bl £ bcds ' wdI fi J! ed Wlth soft - W*
ket that we ever saw for the money. whlte cotton . wel1 ma <k and covered
You should see them. Special price with good material. Cheap at $1.35
this week — each. Special price this week —
%"* Per Pair $5.00 Bach $1.00
Diflnvi/ r*nc*»c Another large shipment of pillow slips direct from the
fiiiow v^uses. m51Is Made Qf gQod> durable mu3h r n> 45x3( s inche3f
hemstitched, regular 15c grade, special Each 125c
Stamping free on all goods bought at our stores to be embroidered.
Lessons given in embroidery. Free delivery in city and bay towns.
-~~w^-~~^^^~~~^. ADVERTISEMENTS.
Send Name and Address To-Day— You
Can Have It Free and Be Strong
and Vigorous for Life.
INSURES LOVE AND A HAPPY HOME.
L. W. KNAPP. M. D.
How any man may quickly cure himself after been extraordinary. It has completely braced
years of suffering from • sexual weakness.", lost «• up. ;.; I am Just as vigorous as when a boy
vitality. n, K htlo. SeS . .varicose, etc.. and en- «*£« .g^^J^STJSSK L^ruHy.
larce small weak organs to full «lze and vigor. ReBUlt9 werc exact iy what I needed. Strength
Simply send your name and address to Dr. L.. and vifror have completely . returned and en-
W.'Knapp,' 1373' Hull bulldlns.iDetrolt.-Mlch., larKement is entirely satisfactory."
end he will gladly nerd the free receipt with . '.'Dear Sir— Yours was received and I had no
full directions so tLat any man may easily cure trouble In making use of the receipt as directed
himcelf at homa. This la certainly a most and can truthfully . say it : is a. boon to weak
generous offer and the following extracts taken men. I am greatly improved In size,' strength
from his dally mall show what men think of and vigor.", • - ¦-• . •. • -
his generosity. : ' All, correspondence is .strictly confidential,
"Dear 81r— Please accept my sincere thanks mailed In plain, sealed envelope. The receipt
for yours of recent dato. I have given your Is free for the asking and he wants every man
treatment a thorough test and the benefit has to have it. ttSSflHHRuiz played in ill luck. Astride For
mero his saddle turned and he was then
compelled to stop riding owing to illness
due to reducing.
Richard Havey and J. DInue attended
to the "clocking" in the timers' stand.
Bullman was twice fiist. a like number
of times second, once third and once un
placed.
Track ' Notes.
TURNED LOOSE
ON MR. JOHNSON
Dudes Win First Game Be
cause They Found Stock
ton's Twirler.
Oakland 7, Stockton 5.
A big red disc, set In a hazy western
sky, looked down upon Mr. Johnson, who
turned them loose yesterday afternoon at
Recreation grounds. ; Johnson . did stunts
upon the slab for the Millers. . He was a
bad actor in several ways, and, when the
casualties, of . battle .were segregated the
scorer found- that the; Dudes had hit Mr.
Johnson Just. thirteen times.V
* Before the game ; Johnson, who has an
extensive flesh adornment on his frame,
weighed two hundred and more. After it
was all over, he tipped ' the scales at 193.
To this strain^ he assigns the errors of his
pitching. ways. ; . ...
. The end of the third and the beginning
of the fourth were full of streaks. Man
gerlna and jDrennan, having earned
bases on hits, were smiling on the bags
when Francks. rolled out~ a deep center
field fly. Some fancy juggling when the
ball was : passed in gave all three men
golden opportunities and the boy at the
bell a chance to ring thrice when the in
ning., ¦was over. - ¦
But .this was tame compared to what
happened later on. With the bases
crowded by Streib, McHale and Graham
Courtney smeared his bat on the sphere'
which went so far it Jumped the fence'
That meant four runs and put Stockton
in the lead for a time.
STOCKTOX.
Iii the fifth and sixth Johnson was
smashed for many and the jrame was
clinched for the Dudes. The error column
tells a short story of evil ways The
score:
. AB. R, BH. SB. PO. A E.
McCarthy. If 6 11 l o 0 o
McGucken, cf 3 0 2 12 0 0
Moore, 3b 4 0 0 0 1 3 o
Strelb. lb..... 6 1 1 l 7 o 0
McHale, rf. and 2b.. 4' 10 0 6 0 2
Graham, o :. 2 11 0 5 1 5
Babbitt, B. a... 3 0 2 0 3 4 2
Easily the most sumptuous restaurant
before tho remodeling in thi3 city, the
"Poodle Dos" must now be Acknowledged
the peer of any in the great West. Two
yeara ago the "Poodle Dos" restaurant,
corner Eddy and Mason streets, opened
its doors to the public, and such has been
the popular appreciation of Its service
that increased business has demanded in
creased accommodations. To that end the
proprietors, Messrs. Blanco and Brun.
closed' the place for two weeks, during
which time a complete transformation
has -taken' place. The capacity of the
main . dining-room haa been increased by
the addition of forty feet of space and
tho kitchen has-been removed to an ad-
Joining building specially constructed for
the purpose. 1 The kitchen has. been vastly
improved, and Its equipment greatly en
hanced. Not alone Is the Improvement
confined to the first floor. Each of tha
five upper stories has undergone a thor
ough renovation and new carpets and fur
niture of the most modern types hava
been added, with the purpose of keeping
this restaurant thoroughly representa.tlva
of all tha.t Is latest ana best. Special at
tention will hereafter be devoted to cater
ing - to theater parties, after-theater
luncheons and banquets. A new banquet
hall of ample space has been added on the
upper floor, as well as two elesant suites.
A new feature is an orchestra of eight
pieces that will render music at dinner,
supper and at Saturday's luncheon from
12 to 2 p. m. The decorations and orna
mentations of the "Poodle- Dos" are
worthy of extended description. They
are unequaled in richness and good taste.
The art centers of Europe have supplied
some rare selections, among: which may
be mentioned the crystal candelabra from
"Venice and some very choice specimens of
French statuary. The aim of the pro
prietors haa been to appeal not alone to
the physical - sense, the appetite, but to
the artistic sense of its patrons as well.
larged and Befitted.
The "Poodle Dog" Restaurant En-
A TRANSFORMATION.
' Runs responsible for— Hughes 4, Tburg 4.
Home run— Hushe*. Three-base hit— Krug.
Two-base hit— Sheehan. Sacrifice hit— Rellly.
First base on errors— Sacramento 3. First base
on balls — £an Krancisco 5, Sacramento 6. Left
on bases— Sacramento S, San Francisco 5.
Struck out— By Hughes 5. Double plays— Kru*
to Schwartz to Pabst: Sheehan to Hanlon;
Engan to Stultz to Hanlon. Passed ball—Stan
ley. Time, 1:45. Umpire— George Van Hal
tren. Scorer— I. C. Nathan.
AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
Devereaux, 3b 6 2 111 2 0
Sheehan. cf 5 12 0 110
Stanley, c 4 1 J 0 5 3 0
Eagan, ss 2 0 0 0 4 3 0
Doyle rf 3 0 0 0 0 0 0
McLaughlin. If 4 0 0 1 2 0-0
Hanlon, lb 3 0 0 1 10 1 0
Hughes, p "-3 110 13 0
Stultz! 2b _2 _0 _1 J •_£ J _0
Totals 31 5 7 3 27 16 0
SAN FRANCISCO.
¦ AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
Brockhoff. cf 2 0 0 1 1 0 0
Hlldebrand, rf 3 2 2 10 0 0
¦Krug f=s * 12 0 3 7 1
Phbst. lb 2 1 0 1 10 0 U
Schwartz, c 4 0 1 0 3 SO
Sullivan, c 4 0 0 0 1 0 1
Levy'lf 4 0 1 0 2 0 • 1
Stilly. 3b 3 0 1 0 4 2 1
IburB, P 3 0 0 0 0X0
"Knell • 1 0 0 0 0 jO
Totals 30 4 7 3 24 13 4
•Batted for Iburg in ninth innlnjr.
RUNS AND HITS BY INNINGS.
Sacramento 10110020 "*-5
Base hits 20120020 "-7
San Francisco 3 0 0 0 0 0 0 10—1
Base hits 21011002 0—7
SUMMARY.
SACRAMENTO.
SACRAMENTO, Nov. 3.— A small crowd
saw Sacramento beat San Francisco at
Oak Park to-day. The game was inter
esting from start to finish. Krug was the
star of the game. He took ten out of
eleven chances, his r-r.e error being a low
throw to first. Hughes batted out a home
run in the fourth inning. Score:
Hank Drops One.
Courtney, rf. & 2b.. 4 110 3 8 2
Johnson, p 3 0 0 0 0 2 0
Totals 33 5 S 3 27 13 6
' OAKLAND.
• AB. R. BH, SB. PO. A. E.
Orennan, cf 4 2 1 0 4 0 0
Francks, s. s 5 2 3 0 5 2 3
Held, 2b 4 1 ' 1 1 15 1
Hardle, rf 5 0 3 0 1 0 0
: Mosklman, p 5 0 3 0 0 3 0
Bowman, If 5 0 112 0 0
Lohman, lb 4 0 0 0 8 0 1
Kelly, 3b...:.... 4 0 10 0 2 0
Mangerlna, c. 4 2 1 0 5 0 1
Totals 40 7 13 2 »26 12 5
•Graham out; hit by batted ball.
;. RUNS "AND HITS BY INNINGS.
Stockton .'...'. ...... 0 0 0 4 0 0 0 - 0 1— S
Base hits ...111 2 - 0 2 0 0 1—8
Oakland 0 0 SO 2 2 0 0 0—7
Base hits ............ 0 0_4 0 4 1.11 2—13
SUipiARY.
i Runs responsible for — Johnson 1, Mosklman 4.
Home run — Courtney. Three-base hit — Mc
i Gucken. ' Two-base . hits— Francks, • Hardle 2,
Strleb.. Sacrifice hit— McGucken. First base on
errors— Oakland 3, Stockton 1. First base on
i called ball»— Oakland ¦ 5, Stockton 2. . Left on
bases — Oakland 4, Stockton 4. Struck out— By
Johnson 4, by Mosklman 1." Hit by '¦ pitcher—
Graham. Double play— Held " to Francks to
Lohman. Wild pitch— Johnson. Umpire— Jim
McDonald. Official scorer— J. W. Stapleton.
Seven furlongrs, selling — Brulare won, Ken
tucky Babe second. Lake Fonso third. Time,
1:2SH.
NEW YORK, Nov. 3.— Results on Empire
City track:
About six furlongs, selling- — Trumpet won.
Prestidigitator second. Ronaldo third. Time,
1:11*4.
Mile and seventy yards, selling— Dan Cupid
won. Brisk second, Belgrade third. Time.
1:47%. ' '
Chappaqua handicap, about six furlonsrs —
Gold Heels won. Chuctanunda . second. Tba
Rhymer third. Time, 1:11V*.
Wakefleld handicap, mile and an eighth-
James won. King- Barleycorn second, Pink Coat
third. Time. 1:53. - .
Five and a half furlongs — Lady Hayraio won.
Alzora second. Minor Daly third. Tlme,"l:0S%.
Mile and seventy yards— Trillo and ¦ King
Bramble ran a dead heat, Alsilce third. -Time,
1:46^. ' • - - -
Mile and seventy .yards, handicap— Chappaqua
won. Love's Labor second, Eberhart third.
Time, 1:44U.
One and a half miles— Indian won, Jack Tel
llng second. Kodak third. Time, 2:26**." "
One mile— Saguenay won. Sir Oatian second,
Chenton third. Time. 1M1U.
Six furlongs— Barbara M won, Tuscarora
second. Imp. Albula third. Time. 1:15.
lor yesterday.
Drs. Louis Bazet, A. P. O'Brien and
Charles D. McGettigan were called by ths
District Attorney to testify as to Kelly's
condition. They had examined him in the
County Jail and found that he was suffer
ing from an incurable disease, but there
was nothing in his condition to lead to
the belief that h!s life would be shortened
by remair.lrg where he was at present.
The Judge reserved his decision till to
morrow, when he faJd he would probably
either order Kelly'* removal to the
branch County Jail, where the air Is
purer, or reduce his bonds.
Ke!ly Is in Jail awaiting the decision of
the Supreme Court on his appeal from
the. sentence imposed upon him for forg-
Jngr the name of a. man named RIley to
a bond he accepted. There Is also a
charge of perjury against him for swear
ing that Riley qualified before him on the
bond.
The dualities required of our Judges are
honesty, ability and firmness. M. C.
Sloss is one of the strongest candidates
before the people this year, because he
possesses these qualities to a marked de
cree. •
Nearly BCO emigrant*, a, day are being
chipped by agents of the Government of
Queensland from England to Australia.
I or every adult shipped an asent pets $2 £0
and for every child he is paid $1 25.
The hearir.e on the application of At
torney Dibble on behalf of Thomas A.
Kelly, ex-clerk In Judge Graham's court,
for a reduction of his bonds from $6000
to $3000 -was continued before Judge Law-
MEDICAL MEN TESTIFY
TO KELLY'S CONDITION
Clerk of Supreme Court Refuses to
Pay Paltry Sum Borrowed
Two Years Ago. ' .
George W. Root, clerk' of the Supreme
Court; was sued yesterday in the Jus I
tlces' Court by N. L. Mead for $30
claimed to be due on a promissory note.
The complaint filed Dy Mead's attorneys,
Atwood & Turner, alleges that on Au
gust 3, 189S, Root made and delivered to
Mead his promissory note for the sum
named; that Root has not paid the same
nor any' part thereof, and that payment
has been demanded it Root prior to the
commencement of this action. Judgmen:
is demanded for the sum of J30 as prin
cipal, together with interest thereon from
August 3, 189S, at the rate of 1 per cent
per month #nd for costs of suit.
BOOT IS SUED ON A
SMALL PROMISSORY NOTE
Seduced.
Ten poolsenir.g: case? on Judge Conlan's
calendar were at the request of Attorney
Coftcy. special prosecutor, continued yes
terday till November 17 and a similar dls
posiiipn was made of eight cases in
Judge Cabaniss' court. By that time it id
expected that the decision of the Su
perior Court on the appeal oases to test
the validity of the ordinance will be ren
dered.
District Attorney Byington said yester
day that when the cases come up again
he will insist on a speedy trial, as he
does not believe in dossing the calendars
¦with them. Of coure, if the validity of the
<ir<;!r.fi::t(- was sustained and tbe pool
seilera went out of ousiness there might
be no reed of putting the city to the cost
of trying the cases, out that would be a
matter for future consideration. The
Judg-es were the only persons who could
reduce a fine, but be did not see how they
could interfere with the sentence of the
lower court. A motion might be made by
the attorney for the defendants for a re
duction of the fines, but If so he would
oppose It. , :-
District Attorney Bylngton Says tha
Fines Imposed Cannot Be
PCOLUZN'S CASES LAID
OVXE FOE TWO WEEKS
Open stake, first round — J. P. Thrift's Brutus
baat J. H. W. Mullero Cruiser, 7-3; fiterl &
Knowles' Sleety Mist beat J. E. Chambllle's
Hot Toot, 7-5; J. HorlarKy'e Jlmmie Anthony
beat G. L.ennon'8 Half Moon. 14-2; E. Geary's
Ireland beat H. P. Anderson's Crawford Braes,
6-4; Russell &: Allen's Wedding Bells beat Cur
tis & Sons' McKinley, 18-S; K. E. de B. Lopez's
Dairy Maid beat W. Creamer's Onward, 11-5;
Captain Clarkson's Golden Garter beat R. E.
de B. Lopez's Wombat. 11-5; J. Maker's Emm*
M beat H. Lynch's Game Cock, 5-3; J. P.
Thrift's £t- Michael beat J. Smith's Master
Workman. 4-3; E. Geary's Bonnie Pasha beat
Lowe & Thompson's St. Oran, 6-2; Pasha Ken
nels' Random Aim beat H. Lynch'e Lyddite,
1«-J; P. J. Rellly's Royal Union beat Ohiarini
Brothers' Santonin. 7-2: F. Hchou'.i King's
Borderer beat J. Kec-nan's Lur.dln Thinks. 4-2;
P. J. Olmo's Cora Pearl beat Curtis & Sons'
Kibosh. 16-6; James Sheridan's Forest King
be»t George Parkinson's Ben T»mond, 1S-S; J.
Button's Mayflower beat J. Seggerson' «. Gold
Hill, 34-7; J. Mortality's Kittleman b,eat W. D.
Murphy's Crawford Lflsn. «-2; D. Toland's
Pleasant Girl brat Captain Cane's Miss Pen
man, 12-9; F. Jones' Harlean Gladys beat Cur
tis & Sons' Psyche. 7-4; P. J. Reilly'e Honesty
beat P. Reilly's Lady Granard. 12-5: C. Bonar's
Wild Norah beat R. McCarthy's John Doe, $-6;
O. Zahl'B Miss Wilson beat J. Hurley's Hurri
cane, 15-6: B. M. Kelloge's Iowa Maid beat J.
Hui ley's Ehylock Boy. 8-«: E. Geary's Pal?
Alto beat F. Khou'e Lady Glenkirk. 10-0; L: F.
Bartels' Best Bargain beat George Sharman's
Black Flush. 12-8; Connell Brothers' fit. Helen
beat F. A. McComb's The Erile. 16-1; George
Shannon's Miss Skyrocket beat Lande & Ger
ber'a Concord. 4-0; R. E. de B. Lopez's Craw
ford Rex beat George Sharman's Chicago
Boy. £-4: Pasha Kennels' Rollicking Air»
beat T. Doyle's Xora Lawrence, 6-2; T.
J. Cronln'B Vixen beat R, E. de B.
Lopez's Warrigo, 2-0; P. Doyle's Liberator
beat J. Chamberlin'e Julius Caesar, 18-6:
Jtu£*»!I * Allen'B Spiteful beat R. Ii Taylor's
Beauty £pot. S-2: E. M. Kellogg' ¦ Ben's Babe
feat T. J. Cronln'B Daley Dale. 4-2; A. Buker>
Kanaka beat Aeneld Kennels' Aeneas, 8-6; Ers
kin« it JoneB* Lavender beat. P.* A. McComb'e
Frosty Mom, 12-6; George Sherman's Bowery
Boy beat Pasha Kennels' Rest Assured, 3-2:
T- J. Cronln'« Vandal beat J. L. Ross*. Doris,
7-8; J. Mortality's Snapper Garrison beat H.
A. Deckelm&n's Snapshot, 9-5: F. A. McComb's
Little Sister beat J. P. Thrift's Forget. 6-4;
Cosh beat Royal Anne at 2 to 1.
The day's results, with Judge John
Grace's official scores, follow:
It'tund About beat Shadow at S to 1.
The aspirants for stake honors In the
big- 12S-dog event at Union Park were
given much harder work than was looked
for in the run down yesterday. The hares,
which were thought to be of the ordinary
class, turned out to be a lively lot. As a
result many long courses were run and
on eight occasions the help of relief dogs
was necessary to put an end to the going.
The outlook for to-day points to Royal
Union and Palo Alto as the best. dogs on
the top of the card. This pair of fast
ones cannot meet until the fifth round,
which fact gives Reilly's hound the better
of the argument. Palo Alto, while un
doubtedly a fast one, has not established
himself a stayer in big stakes and the tal
ent's decision figures Union at that stage
of the game. As an outsider Mayflower
might get well along on the card, though
the hard go she had with Gold Hill, which
went over the two-minute limit, may af
fect her chances. Her first course against
Forest King looks doubtful.
Narcissus and Rocker at the bottom. of
the card are in strong favor. Like the
top favorites they cannot meet until the
fifth. The wise ones look for Narcissus
and Royal Union to contest in the decid
ing course. These hounds belong in the
high class and are about even on speed
and staying qualities. If the dogs do
come together it is predicted that they
will furnish a course worthy of any stake.
Slipper Jomes Grace sprained his ankle
during the early part of the day and will
probably be confined to his home for some
time. Charles Griswold finished the stake
and handled the dogs well.
The short ends were:
Bleety Hist beat Hot Foot at 5 to 4.
Dairy Maid beat Onward at 6 to 3.
Bonnie Pasha beat St. Oran at 6 to 3.
King's Borderer beat Lundin L.!nks at S to J.
Wild Xorah beat John Doe at i to 8.
Miss Wilwn beat Hurricane at 5 to 4.
Crawford Rex beat Chicaeo Boy at 5 to 4.
Ben's Babe b»at Dairy Dale at 5 to 4.
Tyrone Prince beat Wild Tralee at 2 to 1.
Achilles beat Gallant and Reannex beat War
ehir> at « to l.
Sweetness beat Flora McDonald at 5 to J.
Run-Down of Union Park
Stake Results in Long
Courses.
FAST HOUNDS ARE
EVENLY MATCHED
Sterl & Knowles 1 Ollta beat Lowe & Thomp
son's Prince Hal. 21-5: R. L. Taylor's Moee
beat Maher A Reid's Bad Boy, 5-2; Curtis A
Sons' Echo beat P. J. Rellly's Moonbrlght, 5-4;
J. P. Thrift's Tyrone Prince beat T. J. Cro
nln's Wild Tralee, 10-6; L&nde & Gerber's
Rienzi beat Aeneid Kennels' FlylnR Faster. 7-5;
Aeneld Kennels' Achilles beat James Dean's
Gallant. 6-0; B. Stiver's Reannex beat P. J.
Rellly's Warship, 15-11; R. K. de B,' Lopez's
Sweetness beat Lowe & Thompson's Flora Mc-
Donald, S-4; O. Zahl's Mis* Allen beat E. M.
Kellogrs's Iowa Boy. 3S-8; Pasha Kennels' Gold
N'ugrKet beat Curtis & Sons' Cavalier, 13-8: Cur
tJs & Sons' Narcissus beat Erwin & Lyons'
Silver Lyon, 6-2; F. Jones' Lorina beat Lande
& Gerber"* Mount Ida. 5-4; T. W. Bartels"
Mac's Melody beat S. Handy 1 b Twin City Girl,
S-5; Russell &. Allen's First Foot beat Pasha
Kennels' Metallic. 10-5; Oeorge Nethercotfe
Floodgate beat Rus>sell & Allen's Scotland Yet.
9-»; James Sheridan's Forest Queen beat H. A.
Deckelman'B Lawrence, 12-10; Pasha Kennels'
Round About beat Curtis & Sons' Shadow, 8-6;
E. & R. Scott's Lord Byron beat P. Reilly's
Master Mat. 8-5; Pasha Kennels' Roman Ath
lete beat R. E. de B. Lopez's Sara. 8-3; Pasha
Kennels' Reve d' Amour beat J. Keenan'a Sleigh
Bells, 14-9; J. L. Ross' J L R beat J. Hurley's
O K Capitol. 16-7; Curtis & Sons' Cash beat
Pa*ha Kennels' Royal Anne, 14-2; H. A. Deck
elman's Rocker beat George Whitney's Theron.
5-2; Captain Cane's Victor Queen a bye; E. M.
Kellogg's Sweet Emma beat Russell & Allen'i
Strayaway, 6-3.
APTAIN SEYMOUR Is satisfied
jf * that the two burglars arrested in
B , Chico last Thursday are the men
X^, J who attempted recently to crack
the safes in the offices of the
Brooks-Follis Electric Company, 523 Mis
sion street, the Bauer Lamp and Reflector
Company, 529 Mission street, and the Pa
clric Rolling Mills, 418 Mission street. At
these three places the cracksmen operated
by stringine wires from those used for
lighting purposes to the safes, where a
cartxjn attachment was arranged and so
designed as to burn its way through the
steel doors. At one place the operators
were disturbed before being able to com
plete the job and at the other two places
they had not enough wire to make the
necessary connection.
Captain Seymour saw the report of the
arrests in a dispatch from Chlco in The
Call, and at once wired to James Chub
buck, City Marshal, to send on a descrip
tion of the men. as he believed they were
Clarence FTench and Charles Tessier, •ex
convicts, whom he' had been wanting for
the safecracking Jobs here. Yesterday he
received a letter from Chubbuck confirm
ing his suspicions. French gave the name
of Charles Freeman, but Tessier gave his
true name. They are charged with break
ing into the residence of James Finnell, a
rancher In St. John, Glenn County, on
October 17, and stealing about $500 worth
addressed to W. Wolf, who Is supposed
to be a confederate in this city. Seymour
at once detailed Detective Byram to find
the case, but Byram learned, that It had
been called for and taken away the day
before and he could not get a clew to the
identity of Wolf. Detectives Harper and
O'Dea are now making a search of the
various pawnshops to find a trace of any
of the Jewelry or other articles stolen, ot
which they have a full description.
"I am convinced," said Captain Sey
mour yesterday, "that the prisoners are
the men who operated here and that they
had also planned to make an attempt on
the premises of the First National Bank,
Oakland. A valise containing electrl*
wires, nitro-glycerin and other instru
ments was found under the sidewalk at
the bank, evidently planted there for &
favorable opportunity. They have appar
ently a good case against the cracksmen
in Chico. but If not the men will ba
brought here. French is an electrical ex
pert, and that was why I suspected him."
French was sentenced on April 28. 1S93.
to serve ten years in San Quentln for
burglary. He broke into the store of D.
M. Hawley and blew open Beveral safes
besides carrying away a sample lock. He
was arrested by Detectives Bee and Har
per. He was released from San Quentln
October 13, 1899. He is about 27 years of
age. Tessler on May 31, 1893. was sen.
tenced to serve ten years in San Quentin
for felony embezzlement and was dis.
charged December 2, 1899. He had pre
viously served a short term in the County
Jail for petty larceny. He is about 37
years of age.
of Jewelry and also of breaking into J. J.
Hubbeli's hardware store In Chlco on
October 22 and stealing a large assort
ment of articles. They are also suspect
ed of having broken into Arend's saloon
in Chico and Miller's store In Butte City.
The men had been living at the Bidwell
ranch, near Chico, and their actions had
aroused Chubbuck's suspicions. Ho ar
rested French last Thursday morning and
locked him up In Jail, but through the
carelessness of the jailor the prisoner
managed to escape. Chubbuck was noti
fied and succeeded in rearrestlng him
after a hot chase. He also captured Tes
sler, who was found at the Bidwell ranch.
In their room at the ranch Chubbuck dis
covered a quantity of silverware, cloth-
Ing, gloves and other articles, besides four
revolvers and a shot gun that had been
stolen from Hubbeli's store. There 7 were
three valises In their room and Chubbuck
was paralyzed by what he found In them.
There was a pint bottle filled with nitro
glycerin, eleven sticks of giant powder,
caps, fuse and electrical apparatus for
making quick connection with electric
wires, an alarm bell and small battery,
hand drills and other drills, a pair of
brass knuckles, a black mask, a heavy
hammer, steel chisels, and about 100 skel
eton keys, besides a collection of general
hardware stolen from Hubbell's store and
an air pump for extracting the air from a
safe before blowing it up.
Chubbuck had notified Captain Seymour
that French had shipped a case to this
city marked "dried fruits," which was
supposed to contain a portion of the plun
der secured by the two burglars. It was
PROGRESSIVE SAFECRACKERS XCTW UNDER ARREST IN CHICO AND WANTED IN THIS CITY. THEY ARE
PROBABLT THE MEIC WHO BROUGHT ELECTRICITY INTO PLAY IN ATTEMPTS TO OPEN SAFES IN VA
RIOUS BUSINESS HOUSES IN SAN FRANCISCO.
Rock then replk-d that Herman and
Wtnsloir were the absentee members.
The point made, however, was valueless,
as any thirteen jurors can find an lndict
ment.
Mrs. Craven, though outwardly more ro
bust locking than she has been for some
time, appeared terribly nervous and emac
iated. Yesterday morning she sat in an
apathetic doze, apparently oblivious to all
&mund her, waking up at intervals to
look wildly around and ask for water, of
which she drar.k at least a dozen glasses.
She still us. s h<?r orutche*? and her som-
T.'-r mode of dressing does not detract
from her generally wrecked appearance.
"I myself had thought of that," replied
Riordan, "but was afraid Mr. I>euprey
would object to It."
Ju.ipe Cook asked Riordaji if it would
not be simpler to find out the two who
were abst r.t.
Hit memory refreshed, all went merry
as a wedding bell, until in reply to Rior
dan's qupsilon Rock said that seventeen
Jurors had been present on the day the in
.ictment had been found.
"Ah:" said Riordan. "Now tell us, will
you. who these were?"
"I object to that, your Honor," eald
Dcuprey.
Tne testimony of T. H. Parrish. a Grand
Jury ir.an, was unimportant, but caused
much legal wraiiKllne between the two
aitcrueys and served to till the time until
Rock reappeared with nis records.
John \V. Carmar.y, the foreman of the
Grand Jury, was even more unprofitable
th&ji ha.d been Rock. Riordan tried to
bring out the point that the indictments
found apalr.st Mrs. Craven. Adolph Sylva
and Judge Simpton were all made on ev.
dfiKe obtained at the same time, the three
cases bein^r taken collectively, and not on
c-vidtr.ee heard indivjduaJiy.
The first witness the defense put on the
stand was K. R. Rock, the secretary of
i he Grand Jury which found the indict
ment agair.M the defendant, lie proved
exceedingly cautious". To questions put to
him regarding the time of day when th«
indictrrent w^s found, the number of jn
rors present and others of the same na
ture he professed an entire lapse of mem
ory as to anything connected with tha
matter. . Tliordan then asked him if he
thought C •> .'k at the records would en-
Iiehten hi* mind. Rock said that ho
thought \K nkely. After numerous objec
tions from Attorney Ueuprey, all based
on the assumption "that to introduce the
Grand Jury records in court would be to
l>robe in the secrets of that body and
tgainst the code, Rock was dispatched to
get his books.
Mrs. Xettla R. Craven sat In Judge
Cooks courtroom yesterday morning in a
ftate of apparent unconsciousness, while
h^r attorney. Thomas Riordan. fought
hard to get the Indictment of the Grand
Jury charging her with perjury set asiae.
Riordan undertook to establish that tiie
Grand Jury »ss prejudiced by newspaper
articles and outside influences. To prove
his case Riordan called to the stand the
secretary, foreman and one of the mem
bers of the body in question! It was an
uphill fight against the thickest objections
of Assistant District Attorney Euges«
Deoprejr. and Riordan lost. Judge Cook
tit»;.it-d the motion to dismiss proceeding?,
ar.d to-morrow morning Riordan will tile
a general demurrer to the Indictment.
Attorney Eiordan Moves to Set Aside
Proceedings on Ground of
Prejudice in Jurors'
Minds.
Lawyers Argue Over Legal
Points of the Case in
Cook's Court.
FAILS TO QUASH
THE INDICTMENT
OF MIS. CRAVEN
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, NOVEMBER 4, 1900.
Believed to Be the Men Who -Made Three Unsuc
cessful Attempts in This City.
TWO EXPERT SAFECRACKERS
ARE CAPTURED IN CHICO
Gold Heels Takes the Chappaqua
Handicap at Empire City, With
Chuctanunda Sscond.
CHICAGO. Nov. 3.— Weather dear; track
faat at Lakeside." j Results:
Six furlongs— Sakatuck won. Goal Runner
gecend. Pope Leo third. Time. 1:18.
Four and a half furlons^-Kenllworth won.
Money Muss second, Watita' third. Time,
•55 4-5 "
Six furlong*— Algareta won,. Sly second. May
Beach third. Time. 1:15 4-5.
One mile and an eighth— Florizar won, Moroni
seoend. Kntzht Banneret third. Time. 1:57 4-5.
One mile— The Unknown won. Robbert Wad
dell second. Scarlet Lily third. Time. 1:43 2-5.
One miler-Freyllnghuysen won, Iri«h Jewel
second, Otsldltn third. Time, 1:44 1-6.
One , mile— Duty won. Little Singer second,
Bp.ird third. Time. 1:44 4-6.
CINCINNATI, Nov. I— At Latonia. weather
clear, eool ; track fast. Bummariei : .
Seven furlongs, ¦elllnf— Trouballna won,-I4t
tl« Bailie second, Suave third. Time, 1:29)4. .
RESULTS OF! BACES
ON EASTERN TBACKS
Judge William P. Lawlor la thoughtful
and studious as well as a practical man
of affairs, and merits the support of all
voters. ¦- , : •
Tha Bible Is still the most popular of all
booko. During the year 1339 the American
Bible Society issued 1.406,800 copies in'flfty
eight different languages. In the eighty
four years of the society's existence It has
issued 67,369.306 copies.
Starter Caldwell stated after the races
that he had given explicit Instructions to
his assistants and no more mistakes
would occur. When ?»;s red flag swishes
through the air it is a start.
Bangor was entered to be sold for $S00.
F. T. Xicftells. owner of Lena, boosted
the Hildreth entry $700. the stable, of
course, retaining him.
Seldom four jays come together In a
race, still it happened in the first, and
they finished in a bunch — J. Woods, J.
Walsh. J. Martin and J. Daly.
The following: firms f ut In for three
days: Harlan & Co.. W. J. Langford,
Brooklyn Club. Cook & Hoffman. Berke
ley Club. Fred Cook, Stuyvesant Club,
Palace Club, Washington Club, Yosemlto
Club. California Club. 1 Oakland Club, C.
Young. Melbourne Club. Ridley & Co..
Cliff Club. Savoy Club. Gus Miller and
two field books.
J. T. Woods' term of suspension will
not expire until the first of next year.
The little fellow was set down by Harry
Huhl at Hawthorne for rough riding.
21
GBAPE-NTJTS.
V/HITE BREAD EATERS
Pin Their Faith, to a Shadow.
"I was always a great white bread
cater, together .with pastry, hot biscuit,
end generally used coffee.
"For come years there was no notice-
able effects from this diet, but finally the
inevitable happened. My strength began
to fall, mind grew dull and stupid. I
could cat but little food acd could not
dijrest that.
"I had always been of a happy and
n;any disposition, but now became morose
nnd miserable and very cranky to tha
other members of the family.
"One morning 1 a new food called 'Grape-
Kuts' ar>r>«ared on the table. I discov-
ered it had a different taste than the (
usual health foods. There. was a rich,
rrtnrrint flavor that seemed to satisfy
nif perfectly. I became fascinated with
Grape-ICuta.
'•I have now U6ed this food three
months, my rtrength has increased great-
ly, my mind Is now as 'clear as a bell'
and I can go through the wear and tear
of a day without feeling at all exhausted.
I sleep perfectly and have gained upward
of ten pounds in weight.
"I have noticed that strong, healthy
people enjoy Grape-Nuts as well as sick
irtvjpie, and It seems to furnish more
fcourishoent than meat or any food I
fc&ve ever seen. You can publish this,
but please omit my name." . Pla-tts-
mouth, Xeb., P. O. box 681. This roan's
r.trru- will be riven by the Postura Cereal
Cc. Ltd.. at Battle Creek, Mich.
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
j* Anita Cream is a medicinal preparation which not only re- j^
moves tan and freckles, but eradicates blotches, liver patches, pirn- |£
pies and all discolorations of the. skin. It is highly recommended §
by physicians and dermatologists. It contains nothing injurious {^
2 or unpleasant &
2 Anita Cream will transform a muddy or weather-stained Jt
complexion to Ms original transparency and clearness. *E
» Anita Cream actually "coaxes a new skin" to the surface g
by moving the outer cuticle in small dust-like particles without in- yr
g* convenience.
2 Anita Cream can be had at all drug stores or direct from {S
2 us for 50c. ANITA CREAM AND TOILET CO., 207 Franklin R
g St., Los Angeles, CaL X
/^^^^^ t>here /j hut |
one jVovq \
A WATERPROOF LEATHER. Kjlm
DUwK.liNiin/\iYl €r ncCn 1 - &
At ..'$j the pair. No rubber and oiled silk linings. 1
• so unhealthful to the feet. Sold only at I
. Filled. ' M .JT - ''&^% "¦* 9 m^^ 738-740 , . a
Address Hs^ i^m ¦ """11 Market St.. m
DcP t'o~ AjkLC4/O C.^ San Francisco. B
• II I ' CC 1 ! f IMP . ¦ I/CDP'JICCP til i I 111 \\\ I !
U // / ijCi ULllNlx. KtnuiilfciOi till I lHiW I l
% I A purchase of this hosiery now 75 DOZEN LADIES* WHITE 1 1 1 I I \ 1 \\\ I
">\ rneans good, sound values for money HEMSTITCHED HAXDKER-. (tall \\ \\\ I \
I LADIES' HOSIERY, made of best lawn, narrow hem, unlaundered— %LX S ¦%. L>^"l '¦
g Peruvian cotton, double heels and just as they came from the factory; "VSjfiflr^ r^"^ I
[* toes, full length and very elastic, silk hand-worked . initials. You ¦ cannot C*y^ U. 9 *"
»l finish. The greatest winner offered., equal them for double the money. <^T/>TV fc
a? :25c Our winner GHc ggf t
I DO YOU BREAK your CORSET STEELS? A SURE W.NNER IN OUR SUIT DE- JUST .RECEIVED * FULL j
| // So. Here Is^anjrticle Unt Will PARTMENL AND COMPLETE LINE OF g
I .^7^ the new 2d F ' 001 '' O^arretJ Street Entrsnco- LADIES' AND CHILDREN'S j
& iO^^^^^rrSs CENTURY COR- , Th e GOLF SKIRT is now recog- V7JIVTET* nunroWr&R 5i
f> r^tTP^ ilPffilmn i SET SHIELD- it n 'z«d as the standard of good taste KWiTlbD UNDLKW HAn. J;
S ' \81 IWU) p , ro £ cts the S / eel3 ./ai r nv- e rtav e w^ 8 f° PPlnB> Or garments are /^^ &
re vKivVil , fJLnmtl »\i ' '/ of th*> pors*>t frnm •rtiiiiy-na> wear. M f*A.i\ K.
I YwfiflflfHW breaking at the m G °LF SKIRTS, made of good fresh from the manufac- «£fc} fe
12 /iTOtt'fcsssW®)?'! sides or over the Quality wool golfing, plaid back, in- turer and positively are V*. f E
I ®C WfEU nVl theitlffenlnJc blades Patterns; perfect hanging. Otir win- eat *n. {wMA °
I are -attached to ner for this week.... 7... T 82.7."» LADIES' C O M B I N A- VVij, %\ ?
§S '^ each other and only „_ _ ,..-.• tii TION SUITS, made of ex- ': '. ' .\ ' ¦Q-/ §
m to the corset in the center. This al- HEALTH b WcALTH. tra fine Egjptian cotton. V'.'Of a
g lows the blades to bend independent- » , ¦ % u * n •, • « • fleece lined, high neck, WUhifl •
W, ly of each other with the changing Here s a new Departure in Ores* long sleeves, ankle length. VWUiff \
ft movements of the body, and prevents lh e!ds. neck crocheted and drawn I .'ll-'l I
| them from breaking. Our winning t~~~i. through with silk ribbon. VkV'/ i
price 2oc pair i^^SRSt e d K O R A Rosenbergs winning price if.*/ I
1 DRESSMAKERS. ATTENTiON ! M WJa©, S A\ K l?U?;. '" 'ladies" Vests/^ \; ;
& 50 dozen WHALEBONES, made of -'I^JBfcgBK^ . woman as b^- hl"h r\»Tk ' \l 5
| genuine horn, 10c quality. Our winner f/fc£§ig£^ S ™y »"* the very fonl^leeves neck°fln? 3 he1i 1/
% oc dozen i faS^SL ff b £? c det . H , c1 ,'; witn crocheted edge ami /•) \
» unTUi-np iTTCUTinM I f l\lSr*-^S«v. // e . shleI ! 1 drawn through with silk / f
I MOTHERS, ATTENTION ! Vili*&?£S&y7 ver lnv f ntetl ; tape. Pams to match, U £
1 FEATHER-STITCHED FINISH- ?h"eld« can 'be l r.V^ h - color's §
I* ING BRAID, for finishing muslin un- *SbSfflm® used In every SEniE? «t *' '%?- they r S
1 W^S^ '^C" "! "cSISiiWs " PERUViS^Vo^ 1
of T^ew^nds to^ap^hTe^ 'I^i N TS O^ IT ? V COMBINATION |
JB W inners for this week 5c dozen from one waist to another. No well CHILDREN'S AL"l""w6oI '
t flIIR-MUUIN UNDERWEAR Messed woman -vlll 1 wear any^other. STEAM SHRUNK, MEDICATED )
UUD-MUOLin UlUCnntHn a s they are so easily removed it ta COMBINATION SUITS, colors erav
'£ DEPARTMENT PRESENTS MANY no trouble to take them, out of a and white Osi« I
S OPPORTUNITIES FOR PROFITA- waist at night when not- in use and _. . ,» TV VT7T MnT pvDrw
BLE INVESTMENTS. allow them to air. thus keeping DAINTY, YkF NOT EXPEN- "
% 175 pairs LADIES' DRAWERS, them sweet and clean and far su- KiVE NECKWEAR
made of firte soft bleached muslin, perior to any so-called odorle39 aivfi ii£.vrv WLnn.
wide umbrella flounce, finished with shield sewed in the waist and left JL\ BLACK RUCHE
y. hemstitched tucks, all sizes, full there until saturated with perspira- #V*S» made of be?t fast- j
p width. Our winner... 2O« Uo "- It Is made uf best quality naln- MfS&Bk black Liberty
E ...„ ¦«„!.« «- sook and Is I'sht. white and washa- MkT*&. silk. long accor- ,
A WINNER IN OUR WRAPPER DL- ble - °l ve them a trial and you will #£«? dion pleated ends.
A IMIlHtn 111 uun MiiKni.il ««- never use any other kmd Qur m _ S>t Jf extra full. You I
I PARTMENL troductlon price i>5 e l^y ca " wager these
„ «. U2 \ V^t^t -. Ve are the only store on the coast /" >__ are winners for.. '
g LADIES FLANNEL- £j3 that carries these shields. !)JSc ,
% pttp WRAPPPR V3 P5 > 5«^^ >K5^tf?3 ALWAYS i
t Lde of fleecliLd^jdH MATCHLESS IN QUALITY AND IN WSf^m^ DA L ? s N E T Fut ND
| flannelette, in flared or » PRICE. rTcfe m^f I? I
2 striped effects, epau- \ f. ' i\\A « MM yards ALL SILK TAFFETA f&Vis best white all-silk 5
8 lettes on shoulders deen «T»/ i'l RIBBON. It is the very best taffeta %&x$5 chiffon, trimmed \
% lettes on snouiaers, aeep \ff! jil ribbon manufactured. Ivxoney can / with full ruffle of
Si flounce on bottom, tight- vfliJulIS. buy no better: in all the new fall . chiffon. silk ;
Eo littinK back full front <K*//I ftt^ shades; width No. 40. To make thi.s Ftitched. Ju?t the thinsr to emheiiiPh ¦
J* fittnH unin^' a winnnr OTi fttV department more popular we are of- a plain silk waist and create a dainty,
j|3 rittea lining, a winner JJJl$g$. fering this week at sure winner fluffy effect. Our winning priceVeterans Indorse * Kahn.
The Veteran Soldiers' arid Sailors'. Re
publican Club adopted resolutions. Friday
night indorsing Julius Kahn and urging
veterans to vote for him for Congress
man.". ¦¦¦;• ¦ ¦¦ .--" '• ,;-.:.. ¦ , " -.'¦-'. .^.-.: r
The McKlnley and Roosevelt Club of
the Thirty-sixth District has - arranged
a Bplendld vaudeville programme for
to-day's barbecue at Glen Park.
It is expected that 20.0C0 people
will* 'be- there. The best of meats
and > delicacies will be served free.
Some of -the most prominent speakers,
among, them John P. Irish, will discuss
the 'Issues of the campaign. The local
candidates of the Republican party will
be present. Twenty thousand Invitations
have been sent out and the committee, In
charge has arranged that those who have
no Invitations will be* admitted to the
grounds anyway. ¦
Republican ; Barbecue.;
Suit was filed yesterday by Aylett R.
Cotton against Florence Blythe-Hinckley-
Moore to recover $33,500 for leral services
rendered. Attorney Cotton alleges that
during the years 1897. 1853 and 1899 he has
performed services at the special instance
and request of the defendant, which are
reasonably worth the sum sued for.
Florence Blythc . Moore Sued.
Dr. Ralph Addison Huntington. charged
with the murder of Miss Jennie McKown,
was released on bonds of $10,000, accepted
by Judge Cabaniss. yesterday morning.
The sureties »were Mrs. Susan L. Locke,
1973 Howard street, who qualified on 800
acres of land in &ol.ino County, near Dlx
on. appraised at $32,000. with- no incum
brance. and Mrs. K. N. Huntington, S51
First street, the defendant's mother, who
qualified on a lot on Mission street, be
tween Main and Spear streets, assessed
at $12,S00. and a lot on First, street, near
Harrison, assessed at $1900, each with no
incumbrance.
Huntington Released on Bonds.
Darlna's Social.
Darlna Parlor of the Native Daughters
of the Golden West gave an entertain
ment and dance last evening in Franklin
Hall on Fillmore street. The attendance
showed that the members of the parlor
have a large number of friends and ad-
A special performance of "Oliver Gold
smith" will be given at the Columbia
Theater to-night by the Stuart Robson
company.
"Oliver Goldsmith" Tonight.
The l'ngliFh tobacco trade employs to
day 121 women to every I'*) men.
All your money refunded by any dealer if not
satisfied with a smoke of the "American"
clear Havana clsrar. •
Trapper's C)l cur*>* rheumatism and neuralgia.
Druggists. 5<.>c f.aek. Richards & Co.. 40S Ciay. •
The performance of "Lohengrin" on
i Friday evening will mark the first appear
! anc« here of Mme. Schumann-Heink. The
i great German contralto will mak" her de
! but in the role of Ortrud. Krnest Van
: Dyck will appear as the. Knight of the
I Holy Grail and Mme. Nordica as Elsa.
• Herr Bertram. Herr Muhlmann and
i Edouard de Reszke will also be heard In
J this opera.
On Saturday afternoon "Lucia dl Lam
, m»rmoor" will give Mme. Melba an op
j portunlty to b<» heard once more In one
I of her best roles. Slsrnor Cremonlnl. a
young Italian tenor of great reputation.
will make his first appearance here at this
j performance. SIgnor Scotti and M. Jour
| net will also sing important roles.
The opera to be given on Saturday even
ing ha* not yet been decided upon, and
will be announce later. All Indications
point to a remarkably, prosperous season
for Mr. Grau's aggregation of great sing
ers.
"Faupt" on Thursday evening will enlist
the services of Mm«». Melba, Mile. OUtzka
SJpnor Campanari, Pol Plancon and Albert
Saleza.
The repertoire for the first week is an
I interesting one and is well calculated to
| bring out the lull strength of Mr. Graus
remarkable company. "Komeo «?t Juliette"
will be the opening opera, and the cast
for this performance will include Mme.
Melba. Ekiouard ue Keszke, Pol Plancon
and Albert Kaieza. The latttT comes Jrom
the r'aris urand Opera-house, whore he
was the leading tenor for several years.
He will only be heard in San KranciFco
before beginning his regular engagement
in New York, bignor Mancinelli, tne well
known conductor and composer, will lead
the orchestral forces on the opening night
"Ta.nnhauser" will be sung on 'lucday
evening, witn Ernest Van Dyck in the title
role. M. Van Dyck stands at the head 01
the Wagnerian school of singers and will
make his debut hero in what Is generally
considered to be his best part. Like M.
' Saleza. he also is only coming to San
I'rancisco for this engagement. Mme
I Gadskl. who is so pleasantly remembered
I here, will sing the role ,of Elizabeth
Other members of the. cast will be Herr
Blass. Herr Muhlmann and Herr Bcrt
rajn. At this performance Walter Dam
rosch will occupy the conductor's chair
On Wednesday evening "Aida" will be
I given for the reappearance here of Mme.
j Nordica. who will he heard in the titular
role. Imbart de la Tour will make his de
i but in America on this occasion as
i Rhadames. Slgnor Scottl. Pol Placon and
I M. Journet will complete what promises
! to be a remarkable cast.
Are to Sing.
Great preparation? are being made at
the Grand Opera-house for the three
weeks 1 season of grana opera which will
be given by the Maurice Grau Opera Com
pany, beginning Monday evening, Novem-
D*r 12. Seven baggage cars containing the
ecenery, properties and other accessories
have already arrived. Mr. Grau and the
entire organization, numbering over two
hundred jiersons, left New York on Fri
aay in the io»ges;t special train ever used
by any uaeatncal ccuipany. The- company
it ouk to arrive in ban r'rancisco aouut
noon on Sunday, November 11.
Tne sai* <n fcuoscnption seats for the
entire season closed yesterday, the re
ceipts assuring beyond any doubt the
linancial success of the enterprise. The
saie or tickets for Single pertormances will
cegin on Wednesday morning, November
7, at the bos. cmce of the brand Opera
house-
What Is to Be Presented and Who
THE GRAND OPERA.
At a meeting of the executive council of
the Law and Order League- yesterday in
the Y. M. C. A. building, resolutions were
adopted requesting the pastors of the var
ious churches to call to-day for volun
teers as watchers on Tuesday night at the
different polling places. All such volun
teers and also those who have already
been appointed and all others In sympathy
with the movement to defeat the poolroom
ordinance are requested to send their
name and address and the precinct they
will serve In to the headquarters of the
Law and Order League, Y. M. C. A. build
ing, and to attend the meeting to-morrow
evening for instructions.
To Watch the Count.
Canteen at Fort Point Damaged by
the Tests Now Go
ing On.
Th<» t^t of the 10-inch guns at Fort
Fcim resulted disastrously for the can
i*»f n >fsu-niay. Or.<? of the immense pieces
was loaded and discharged and the con
cussion shattered glasses, broke windows
an.i generally wrecked the (soldiers' re-
Kort. A full charge was not used, or the
rr.tiro building would probably have been
dcmoUFhe^,
DISCHARGE OF HEAVY
GUN SHATTERS GLASS
The great shoe sale at the Boston Shoe
Company is a success. See the 95c shoes,
worth $2.00, at the Assignee Shoe Sale of
the Boston Shoe Company, 775 Market,
near Fourth. . •
Don't Miss It
Monday Evening, November 12,
the Date "FiTted for the
Event . \iiWWi
Whenever the Palace Introduces an In
novation that famous caravansary Imme
diately becomes the center of attraction.
This was particularly true on the occa
sion of the opening of the 6Upper-room
last year, and if the experience of what
occurred tnen can be taken as a criterion
of the Interest that will be manifested
when it is opened for its second season
on Monday evening, November 12. its pop
ularity will test the capacity of tho apaxt-
m As "in everything else pertaining to the
Palace, the arrangements made in this de
partment are complete In every detail.
The American dining-room directly off
the court and main office has been refur
nished and freshly decorated, transform
ing it into one of the most beautlfu apart
ments in the hotel. Theater parties .will
find in the supper-room a charming place
to obtain refreshments, and the dfijlclous
viands, the orchestral concerts ana cour
teous attaches will do much to complete
the enjoyment of an evening spent at
tl Th^ P or^hestra. under the leadership of
Signor Pietro Mareno. will give concerts
each evening (Sunday excepted) fronx S»:30
to midnight.
THE SUPPER-ROOM
AT THE PALACE
TO BE REOPENED
Superintendent Webster says he recent
ly recommende-d on additional teacher in
the Bernal School owing toMts overcrowd
ed condition. The board, however, Web-
Hter says. Is bent on dissolving the class,
and for that reason keeps sending substi
tutes to Miss Keating instead of giving
her a regular teacher.
The board met in the morning and
passed the demand for labor of P. M.-Wel
lin, inspector of repairs to public school
buildings. The Board of Public Works
had previously employed Wellin for one
day in order to test its power to repair
school buildings and pay for th« same out
of the common school tund. "W'ellin's de
mand was taken to Superintendent Web
ster, who has questioned the method of
making school repairs by the Board of
Public Works to be paid for by the Board
of Kducation. Webster stated that he
would refor the matter to his attorney
an«l be guided entirely by the latter's ad
vice.
"I must insist on having a teacher regu
larly assigned to the class," said Miss
Keating, who was apparently excited, but
Elncere in her appeal. "I want a teacher
upon whom I can rely and with whom the
children may become acquainted. As it is
now I am supplie(J"*»:ith a new teacher
every week or so. Affairs on that account
are very unsettled in my school, and I am
unable to produce the best results unless
the Board of Kducation is disposed to aid
me In my efforts."
Chairman Mark and Director Denman
both promised that the board would take
action on Miss Keating's complaint at the
next meeting. Mark stated that it was
the understanding of the board that the
attendance in the Bernal School did not
warrant the assignment of a regular
te*acher. but if conditions were found as
Mis? Keating represented them to be a
regular teacher would be assigned to the
school immediately.
Miss Keating complains that one of her
classes, comprising the fourth and fifth
grades, has been taurht by substitute
teachers ever rince the opening of the
school term. No less than live different
eubstitutes had been sent to her during
the past three months to assume charge
of one class. The result was the pupils
were becoming demoralized and the disci
pline had greatly deteriorated.
The Board of .Kducation's persistent de
nial that the public schools are not over
crowded received a severe setback yester
day when. Miss Mary E. Keating made a
vigorous plea to Chairman Mark that an
additional regular teacher be assigned to
the Bernal Primary School, of which she
is principal. .... -
Principal Complains Board
¦ Sends Her Too Many
Substitutes
WANTS REGULAR
TEACHER IN THE
BEBNAL SCHOOL
courts and 'stop the progress of '.other
cases, thus causing a great deal of that de
lay in getting final decisions which is so
vexatious to the public and so harmful', to
business. M. < C. .Sloss, Republican candi
date for Judge of the Superior Court,
possesses in himself the sterling requisites
for the position, besides the educational
and professional requirements. Mr. Sloss
is the son of Louis Sloss of the Alaska
Commercial Company of this city; he
therefore comes from sterling Republican
stock and is fairly entitled to some part of
the family good will. Mr. Sloss, however,
is abundantly able" to stand on his own
merits as a candidate from a judicial
standpoint, for no better equipped young
man was ever proposed for a judgeship in
this city. He received his education here
in our public schools, and when the voters
of the city go over the list of candidates
for Superior Judge they will find none
more worthy of support than Mr. Sloss.
Under our system of elections candidates
for all offices are nominated on party
tickets. so Mr. Sloss stands as aRepublican
nominee, but no man will more truly rep
resent upon the bench the desire of the
whole people for an Impartial, non-parti
san and upright judiciary.
Mr. SIofs, while still a young man, 1b
well known in legal and commercial cir
cles. His training for the bar has been
thorough, and in his practice he has been
engaged in some of the most important
cases before the courts of recent years.
Mr. Sloss was prepared for the univer
sity at Belmont. He graduated from
Harvard in 1S90 and immediately entered
the Harvard law school, taking his degree
in 1S93. Returning to this city for the
practice of his profession, he became a.
member of the firm of Chlckerlng. Thom
as & Gregory, and has been with the firm
for seven years. During his study and In
his practice he has given his special at
tention to commercial law and probate
law. two branches of the profession of
great importance In this city, wnere such
large commercial interests are at stake
and such great estates to be administered.
The systematic and careful training
which Mr. Sloss has had at Harvard and
in the seven years of his practice will en
able him to give decisions that will stand
the test of the higher court and thus save
time and expense to litigants. That he
will be impartial and faithful to the best
traditions of the bench is not to be doubt
ed. His election will therefore be a public
benefit, and he merits the support of all
good citizens, irrespective of party.
The people of San Francisco who have
any business with the courts are well
aware of the value to the community of
having upon the bench a Superior Judge
who is well grrounded on the principles of
law. A large part of our litigation is due
to the errors of Judges whose decisions
the Supreme Court has to overrule.. The
new trials ordered in these" cases block the
One of San FTancisco's Most Worthy
Sons.
A JUST TRIBUTE PAID
TO A WORTHY CITIZEN
E. Myron Wolf :was the last speaker.
His remarks were frequently- interrupted
by applause. In a forceful speech he
urged his listeners to maintain the dig
nity of the flag and showed that the pres
ent healthful condition in the affairs of
the working classes was due to the Inter
est manifested for the laborer by the Re
publican administration. Mr. Wolf ¦ told
of the good work done by Congressman
Loud and said that to return that gentle
man to Congress would show that the
voters of his district were appreciative
and thankful for the good work of a Rep
resentative who had faithfully served
their interest. Several other speakers ad
dressed the meeting.
; William J.. Guilfoyle, candidate for the
Assembly in the Thirty-sixth, spoke on
State Issues and pledged himself, if eledt
ed, to work faithfully for the interests of
his party. Speaking of the failure of the
Supreme Court to uphold the Stratton
primary law, he declared himself an ad
vocate of Senate constitutional amend
ment No. i, and promised to give his help
and support to any law ¦which would
bring about a clean and honest primary
election;*. " .
Captain Harry L Wells held the atten
tion of, the large crowd in an interesting
talk on the Philippines. He spoke of the
advantages that this country has in the
possession of the islands and predicted
that soon they would reach a. value far
above the worth set upon them by the
most sanguine adherents of expansion.
Eureka Valley Republicans turned out
In large numbers last night at the clos
ing rally of the .campaign in the district
at Hartford Hall on Hartford street, near
Eighteenth., ; .¦¦••¦
TMrty-Sixth. IMstrict Republicans
Hold a Large Meeting-.
EUREKA VALLEYITES RALLY.
A RECITAL extraordinary was
the Enid Brandt first appear
1 ance on Thursday evening
last. The little girl, third In
the trinity of child wonders to
appear for the first time before the public
this season, is undoubtedly a prodigy. She
has a phenomenally quick ear. and her
sense of absolute pitch has been given an
amusing and clever turn through the evo
lution of a system of so-called "musical
telegraphy," by which she spells out any
given sentence through the striking of
certain notes upon the piano. The alpha
bet is of course a simple matter, given
the sense of absolute pitch, but little Miss
Brandt's extreme readiness of ear, by
which she instantly distinguishes between
the twenty-Six sounds Included in the al
phabet. 1st certainly astonishtntr and al
most uncanny. . . ..
There is much that is uncanny about the
whole performance. To see the tiny
thing— she is but 8 years old and not large
for her tender age— giving out the Mos
kowski A flat "Valse," the Mendelssohn
"Hondo Capriccioso." the Chopin G flat
"Valse," with ample power and astonish
ing ease of execution, is nothing short of
marvelous. It gives one an almost pain
ful sense of a soul too large for the lit
tle frame, a precocity of development
that shall later spell sacrifice, but the
great masters have early shown their
wonderful gifts, and it may be as natural
and healthful in this case as In theirs.
Enid's remarkable technical facility has
been before commented upon, and there
is already evident a characteristic tem
perament In the renderings which is. not
altogether admirable. Her playing lacks
almost altogether the poetic quality, .the
romantic air, and it is not too much to
expect these of one of Enid Brandt's re
markable development. Her work is of
the brilliant, bravura order, -without pian
issimo, rallentando or any of the instinc
tive tricks of delicate shading, and if it
be not that her teacher has feared for
her a too excessive emotional develop
ment and trained her accordingly In a
mechanical school, then is the little geniU3
lacking In the finer requirements of her
act.
She wilt give two additional recitals at
Sherman-Clay Hall on November 8 and 10.
• • • ¦ •
The Damrosch recitals have been very
largely attended this week by the Wag
ner cult, and this eloquent, reverent, clear
and simple exposition of the "Ring"
should be heard by every musician who
hopes at any time to hear this most won
derful of all the wonderful Wagnerian
conceptions. The stories, noble, lofty, im
mense imaginations as they are, gain
grace in Mr. Damrosch's telling, and- the
various symbolic themes will find a clear
er bearing, a warmer greeting when the
great trilogry is given for the first time
here during the coming opera season.
The remaining recitals, when "Sieg
fried" and "Die Gotterdammerung* 1 will
be given, are set for Monday, November
5, and Wednesday. November 7.
The prjeceding concise and Interesting
account of the new Symphony Hall Is
pathetically suggestive at the present
turn of affairs symphonic In'San Francis
co; and hear further the celebrated critic.
Henry T. Fink, on the musical virtues of
the good Bostonians. In the Evening
Post he says:
Boston's new symphony hall was opened on
October 15 with a special concert, whereat
Colcnel F. L. Hlgginson made a Bpeech and
Owen Wister read a poem. The new hall Is in
the Back Bay district, on the corner of Mas
sachusetts and Huntington avenues. It cost
$750.000r of which $410,000 was raised by sub
scription and the rest borrowed. Charles Me-
Kim. of » New York was the architect. the
acoustics were studied by Professor Sabtne of
Harvard and other wise Boston men helped
In the construction. The hall seats 2500 per
sons. So far as could be judged on the open
ing, night It Is excellently suited to. Its. pur
pose. Colonel Hlgginson. the chief stay and
support of the Boston Symphony Orchestra, for
which the hall was built, is one of Boston's
most useful and public-spirited citizens, and
seems to have an* Incorrigible propensity to
undertake enterprises not promising In a
pecuniary sense, but which Boston needs to
have carried out. He told how the hall had
been built by "certain citizens of Boston,
without retard to return in money," and said
he had leased it from the directors for ten
years, agreelnc to meet all charges and ex
penses and pay the stockholders the rest of the
receipts.
Says Harper's Weekly:
Miss Ernestine Goldmann gave a force
ful and picturesque rendering of a Men
delssohn "Andante" and "Presto Agita
to." Miss Goldmann has a clean, robust
execution and much technical facility.
Others contributing to the evening's en
tertainment were Mme. de Seminario,
who gave the altogether charming "Car
raval" of Spohr, with an effective four
hand accompaniment played by Mrs. J.
X. Odell and Wallace A. Sabin: Miss
Harriette Simons, who sang two songs
by Liza Lehmann, Macfarrcn. and an old
Irish croon; and Miss Beulah George and
Miss Zueletta Geerv. wno gave the
Rubinstein duet, "The Angel."
The Eastern press is concerning itself
to a large extent over Boston symphony
matters just now and as we have sym
phony matters of our own just at« pres
ent some Quotations anent the situation
will' not come amiss.
Mr." Holmes himself gave two numbers,
a Mozart sonata in G, with Mrs. J. W.
Odell at the pianoforte, and the Schu
mann "Maerchenbilder," for viola, accom
panied by Miss Ernestine Goldmann. It
is long since 1 have heard Mozart, with
his exquisite old world qualntness, ren
dered in such graceful and spiriluelle
fashion. Mr. Holmes was at his -best in
the number, with his pure, tine tone, deli
cacy of shading and finished phrasing,
and the hearty applause which greeted
the sonata was a distinctly encouraging
sign of a sound musical taste among the
concert-going community.
An Interesting programme was that
provided by Henry Holmes for tne Britisli
Benevolent Society benefit concert on
Monday evening last at Sherman-Clay
Hall.
Next week a meeting of the San Fran
cisco Symphony Society hoard of direc
tors will bo called, and all musical San
Francisco wonders what will be done. If
only a second Colonel Hlgginson should
arise? And why not? This is one of the
richest cities in the Union; there is here
as much public spirit and Indisputably
more native musical talent (admittedly
crude) to the square Inch than Is found In
any other city In the Union. Carreno sig
nifies her strong desire to play with our
symphony orchestra; ..Gerardy would
bring his cello a small matter of 3000 miles
with the same Intent; Fannie -.iOomfleld-
Zelsler would like nothing better than
to renew her acquaintance with San Fran
cisco audiences under the same auspices,
and we have almost all the necessary in
struments well represented In the town
and little Indeed seems lacking but finan
cial backing. Where is Colonel Hlggin
son II?
• • •
Yet one more quotation, by your leave,
dealing with the important financial side
of the question, from the Musical Cou
rier. Alter estimating the season's re
turns of the symphony concerts and ap
parently proving their present paying ba
sis, tho Courier has this to say:
At the lowest estimate Mr. Hlgginson' •
protit must be at least 10 per cent of this and
he will therefore find himself very readily re
imbursed for the outlay, the incidental an
nnync<! and the risk, from which he has now
obtained immunity. All this illustrates thai
music can be made successful without gov
ernmental subvention or subsidy if it is man
aged like a coal mine U or a railroad or an
oil company or a clothing factory or a cotton
mill or a piano business. We with to call
special attention of impracticable musical folk
to this important feature of the Boston Sym
phony Orchestra— its correct - and modernized
business organization, which is the true basis
of Its success and which makes it Impossible
for the orchestra to play for nothing. The
Boston Symphony Orchestra despite its art,
despite its Nlklsch, Us Paur and its Gerlcke,
could not endure one month without equipoised,
scientific business management, its success de
pending absolutely upon this and this alone,
as is proved in the case of Mr. Hlgginson, and
therefore the orchestra could not play without
money to Indorse it, as th« money is the first
ingredient of its existence. So it should be
with every other musical institution and in
dividual living and -working In music; money
for music; no money, no music. Then only
can music nourish.
Boston • is pre-eminently a concert town.
Opera has never flourished here .as it does in
New York, and Mr. Grau usually considers
himself lucky if after five successful months in
New York, which may yield him a profit of
$100,000. .Boston endures his world.-famed sing
ers three weeks without depleting his pockets.
But Instrumental music is more highly es
teemed than in New York. The twenty-four
annual concerts of the Boston 8ymphony Or
chestra, rounded in 1881 through the generosity
of Henry Lee Hlgrglnson, are the great musical
events of the season, more important than a
Paderews=kl recital or a performance of "Sieg
fried": and to have it announced in the papers
that she paid the highest premium for her
seats at the symphony concerts flatters the
vanity of a Boston society woman as much as
it does a New York society woman's to have
it known that she owns one of the most ex
pensive boxes at the Metropolitan Opera-house.
SOME NOTES AND STRAINS
FROM THE WORLD OF MUSIC
THE SAN FKANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, NOVEMBER 4, lUUO.
mlrers. There was a good programme of
the vaudeville order, which was followed
by dancing.
22
.Trunka & traveling: bait«. Before buying- se«
1 cur "bure»a trunk." A. B. Smith Co.. US Eim.»
Ladles' tailor-made suits., silk skirts, far
cepee; liberal credit. M. Rothschild. 628 Sutter. •
j ...fOR...
JUDGE OF THE SUPERIOR COURT,
nEGULAR REPUBLICAN NOMINEE.
UNEXPIRED TERM,
FRANK fl. KERRIGAN,
P. RO»COE aic\'t!LTY. 31. D.
20>4 Kearoy »t^ San Francisco, CrL
DR.MCNULTY.
THISWEIX-KNOWN A5D RELIABLE OLB
.1 Specialist <rure.»Blo<vd Poison, Oonorrhcea,Gleet >
Stricture, Seminal Weakness. Impotence and their
allied Disorders, nook on Diseases of Mei», free.
OTer20year»>xper1ence.Termsreasonable. Roars,
9lo3dail7;6:30to&.30ev'?s. Sundayi.lO to 12. Consul*
talloa free and sac redly coo fldentlaL CaU oraddxesi
N. B-— Our "Booklet Na 1" tetla all
aboot Dr. Pierce" a Electric TRUSS. It
CURES Rupture!
fail to do the work. Lame back "knocked
out" In 3 days. Prices reasonable. BUT
NO BELT TILL YOU SEE "DR.
PIERCK'S." Call, or send a 2-cent rtaxnp
for "BOOKLET NO. 2." Address PIERCE
ELECTRIC COMPANY. Eleven forty-flT»
BROADWAY (near :5th St.). NEW YORK.
Pacific Coast headquarters. Six twenty
Market St.. SAN FRANCISCO.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
••Seventy-seven" consists of a
small vial of pleasant pellets,
just tits the ve-t pobket; at all
druggists, 25e.
Goose Flesh.
Goose flesh, a 'chill, a shiver, Indicate
checked circulation, a sure sign of taking
Cold; fever,' restlessness and great thirst
follow and Influenza is. well under way.
The prompt use of "TT' restores the
checked circulation, starts the blood
courBlng.- through the veins and "breaks
up" a Cold or the Grip. .
-Dr. Humphreys* -Manual .on the; care
and treatment of the sick in all; ailments
(especially about children), . mailed ¦ free.
Humphreys'. 'Homeopathic -Medicine Co.'.' cor."
.William and John streets, Kew York.
H NFW DEPARTURE
9 -
• ¦ • v _ :
I 1228 MARKET STREET.
O IJIBCEST MANUFACTURER O# H/GH-G/tADC
9 ¦ ¦'¦¦ ' • ' '
I B qHiqg' roiBnr nnodo Quito
I Ldulco I dSiuHViduG oullo,
o Will on Monday, Nov. b, efferto th8 public •
I Unusual inducements at Retail!
2 - Heretofore Mr. Slmlnoff has done an exclusive wholesale business,* but flndlnr hla
5 styles, fit and finish having become known as the very bsst creations In this city he
€> has decided to make to order at wholesale prices.
I HIGH=GRAbE SUITS. . .
£ . For all who may be pleased
• ' to give him an order. ....
O [ ..Thoee who, can appreciate a finely tailored suit at 1-3 less price than can bs had
Z anywhere else will certainly patronize him. , . -
Z Best of materials and highest standard possible will be the rule with
As the campaign draws to a close Dr.
C. C O'Donncll's election as Congress-
man from the Fourth District seems as-
sured. He has spoken to more and larger
audiences than any other candidate thl?
campaign and always succeeds In win-
ning converts to his cause. This is not
as difficult as it may seem, aa his cause
Is the people's cause and all uio voters
want to know is that their candidate will
represent them fairly and honestly at all
times. . •
MR. WALTER
DAMROSCH,
the eminent musical di-
rector who is to conduct at
the Grau srand operas soon,
; always plays on 4he Stcinwav
j zt his explanatory recitals at
i the piano. Mr. Damrosch i;
' fully copnirant of the facts re-
garding the S T B I N W A Y
and hi* continuous selection of
it is one of the Steinwav's best"-
recommendations. The in-
dorsements of the musical pro-
fession cencrally is evidence
of the Steinway's supremacy.
; You are cordially invited to
visit the Stcinwav salesrooms
of Sherman. Clay & Co.. who
are the Pacific Coast repre-
sentatives.
Sherman, Clay & Co
Stcinwaj- Piano Dealers
Cor. K*axny &¦ gutter »*i., 8. 7.
Cor. 13th & Broadway, Oakland.
Cor. Third and Morrieoa. Portland.
VU ibecond avenue, Seattle.
DR. PIERCE'S ELECTRIC BELT
The railways in this country support
about 4,000,000 persons and their families.
The name of Sloss In this community
has been synonymous with honesty,
energy and ability for fifty years. This
guarantees that M. C. Sloss. if elected,
will fill the office of Superior Judge with
honor to the community and credit to
himself. *
MEXIONS of Women Use CUTICURA SOAP, exclusively,
for preserving, purifying, and beautifying the skin, for deans-
ing the scalp of crusts, scales, and dandruff, and the stopping
of falling hair, for softening, whitening, and soothing red, rough,
and sore hands, in the form of baths for annoying irritations,
inflammations, and chafings, or too free or offensive perspiration,
in the form of washes for ulcerative weaknesses, and many sanative
antiseptic purposes which readily suggest themselves to women
and mothers, and for aU the purposes of the toilet, bath, and
nursery. No amount of persuasion can induce those who have
ence used It to use any other, especially for preserving and P«r|-
f ying the skin, scalp, and hair of infants and children^ CUTI-
CURA SOAP combines delicate emollient properties derived from
CUTICURA, the great skin cure, with the purest of cleansing
ingredients and the most refreshing of flower odors. No other
medicated soap ever compounded is to fee compared with^ it for
preserving, purifying, and beautifying the skin, scalp, ,hair, and
hands. No other foreign or domestic toilet soap, however expen-
sive, is to be compared with it for aU the purposes of the toilet,
bath, and nursery. Thus it combines in ONE SOAP at ONE
PRICE, viz^ TWENTY-FIVE CENTS, the BEST skin and com-
plexion soap, the BEST toilet and BEST baby soap in the world.
£*s 1+101 trz* Complete External and Internal Treatment for Every Humor,
Vh^U blvUI C& eonrietinttof Ctticcba. Soap (25ci. to clean «e tho *kin of crnstsand
_. - . o . --ficalcs&ndroften the thickened cutJclo, Ccticuba Ointxekt(50c.),
ThO Set, 5 1 .2O to iniUatly alUy ltchicij, infljraiEation, and irritation, and sootte and
leal ud CcTKXEi Etsoi.rEj.-T (60c). to cool and clean** the blood. A Sivole Set In often
«fflrS* to «« the £™rert humor when all *• fall.. IWTIB Dhuj a.nd Chsii. Cosf.. Solo
I^rops., 3o«ton. Mam. ¦* All about the ckin, tscalp, and Ilalr," Iree.
. " ADVERTISEMENTS.
1 - -O--uri_i-<_»-i_r->.ri-i'-r-»-'~' n^.- j-l-u-ltuTj-.-, i-uri_«injTj-i i_n _r»_i-i-n-n_r»_r-i-n-r-i-i_--»«-' <|VJ nirir
LADIES'
DEPARTMENT.
We are now showing an elegant assort-
ment of New Goods in this department.
Ladles' Wool Waists In Cashmere, Flannel ani
Cloth,
_ $2.00 to $8.00 Each
Ladles 9 Silk Wajsts, latest stales, new color-
lnos,
$4.50 to $15.00 Each
Ladies' Silk Skirts, 'Ruttled anl Accordeon
Pleated Flounces, all colors, also Black,
S7.5O to S3O.OO Each
Ladies' Wool Moreen Skirts, Accordeon
Pleated Flounces, also with Small Ruffles, Black and
Colored,
$3.00 to $4.50 Each
Ladies' Alpaca Skirts, with Ruffles and Ac-
cordeon Pleated FlounGes,
$2.00 to $6.00 Each
Ladies' Eiderdown Sacques, Kimonas and
Bathrobes, also all the leading makes of Foreign
and Domestic Corsets and Fine Muslin Underwear at
popular prices.
EXTRA SPECIAL.
100 Ladles' Silk Waists, extra heaYU dualltu,
corded and hemstitched rront and hack, new color-
ings, also Black,
S4.50 Each
275 Ladies' Wool Waists, Pleated Fronts, all
the new colorings, sizes 34 to 44,
$2.OO Each
HI, 113. 115. 117. 119, 121 POST STREET.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Big Sale.
Crystal Glassware
Butter Dish _._... Seta
Sugar Howl . 8 cts
Cream Pitcher-..- 8 cts
Spoon Holder. — .... 4 eta
Water Pitcher 18 ct«
Water Pltcber-^ gallon 3O ct>
Berry Dish . v 8 ct»
Berry Di8r»,Iarjze_._ 18 cts
"Water Goblet 4 cts
Claret Glass z% cts
"Wine Glass — .. Sets
Flower Vase-O Inch.*.... 6 cts
Flower Vase— 8 lncn.— ~.1& cts
Celery Holder 18 «ts
Vinegar Bottle 8 cts
Salt and Pepper Shaker 4 cts
Table Tumbler.. .. Sets
We are Cutting Prices
all to Pieces During: Our
Big Clearance Sale.
US Grant ave., bet. Sutter and Port su.
861 Market St.. orp. Powell.
S2 Market St.. Junction California.
OCR BRANCH STORES EVER X W UEKS.
Great American Importiiiff Tea Co.
Shetland has had -a -wonderful herring
catch. this season, 320,400 crans, valued at
over . Jl ,500,000. This la a record for all
Scotland,
jOor Promptness in Shipping Bar Out- j
I fits Will Piease You, ... I
s We have an immense stock P
? j always on hand, so there will be |§
I i no delaying filling orders. E
1 50 DIFFERENT STYLES IN ALL LENGTHS, in oak, p
i- mahogany anJ curly redwood. Aii have nickel trim- §|
js| mings. We quote the lowest prices on the coast. I*
1 J. NOONAN FURNITURE 00. INC., I
i 1017-1023 MISSION ST., ABOVE SIXTH. ji
| PHONE SOUTH 14. SAN FRANCISCO. ||j
This Is the Belt ~"A Vf^T 1 that cure*
WITHOUT /**2efC^ DRUOSI
Powerful elec-'yTiV^ trie current!
All modern Im- /I proTements!
Weakness and Nervous Diseases of bothThe Fretter Captures the Rich Handicap at Oak
land at Odds of 10 to 1 in the Ring— Day
Is Replete With Surprises.
VAST THRONG ATTENDS
JOCKEY CLUB'S OPENING
owners, while Rlgby. who is now definitely
engaged by Mme. Albert-Menler. cam© to
ride for M. Caillault. All this was done
after mature consideration, and none of
us has as yet had to repent his determina
tion. 'Cash' Sloan, although far from
equaling his brother Tod. who in my opin
ion, after Tom Lane, in his best days, is
the greatest jockey that the world has
seen, is a good rider. Freeman is a first
class Jockey, and as for 81ms— well, he is
In my service, so I cannot say much. As
to the style of rldins for straight but
short distance races, \ think tho Ameri
can system preferable as long aa tho race
Is run straight on. but I greatly fear that
In turning the jockey has not the same
facility as those who ride in the European
style. In ray lde.a the American system,
is from 'flag to post.* When only the
horse with the American Jockey on his
back has shot hia bolt all Is over. An<t
not only this. I have often seen an Ameri
can jockey. Tod Sloan excepted. maka an
effort at the finish, and his horse, unac
customed to the new style of riding,
swerve and lose virtually a won rac©.
"The question of 'doping:,' as It is called
In 'the United States, has entered Into a
new phase. 'Dopins' to lose Is ancient his
tory, but drugging a horse in expectation
that he may win is the owner's rights and.
rules for racing? make provision for It, for
every horse started is to run to win. A
bottle of whisky or bottle of champagn©
Is frequently used before the competitor
leaves the paddock. As for the French
public, it wants true run races. Many
jockeys for whom their own country ow
ing to their weisht has -no further uso
have come hexe to win. and their advent
has already had a beneficial effect,, as it
has made the home contingent 'sit up.'
"My opinion Is that we should strive
to keep these American jockeys among
us."
LONDON. Nov. %. — The Prince of
Wales' dismissal of Tod Sloan is received
with Joy by the racing -world of England
as a significant indication of the feellnp
against American jockeys and trainers.
The Prince of Wales yielded to the popu
lar clamor. While the methods and, man
ners of a number of self-advertislns
American owners have undoubtedly given
the jockev club an excuse for its present
attitude there is little doubt that jeal
ousy of the continued American success
had more than anything else to do with,
the matter. There are many indications.
too,.that the campaign against the- Amer
ican horsemen was not undertaken with
out plenty of premeditation. This Is
evidenced by the sporting columns of al
most every da,H>" paper in Knsrland. an't
many of the best weeklies*, which are rev
elling in the chance of a slur at American
jockeys.
Truth cannot find words of vituperation
enough wherewith to denounce Sloan and
all the others it can reach. But the great
est glee of all prevails In the London
sporting clubs and cafes where the Eng
lish turf gamblers assemble to settle bet
ting. The gamblers who for years havf>
held the English turf by the throat an.l
who finally found all their calculations
smashed by the American successes,
hope to be able to resume their trade.
Sloan is much chagrined. His retainer
•was to have been £3000. He had, other of
fers of like amount, but now thai tha
Prince of Wales has thrown him over no
English owner Is likeiy to employ him an
first jockey. Sloan returns to the United
States November 14, but the story thnt
he does not intend to apply for a license
here In 1W1 Is regarded as being at lease
premature.
PARIS, Nov. 3.— M. Veil Picard.
the well known horse owner, re
ferring to Lord Durham's re
cent criticism of American Jock
eys, said:
"After much hesitation several of my
colleagues, after noting the results ob
tained in England by Tod Sloan and the
Rein's, decided upon trying the American
article, as it Is called, in France. Imbued
with this idea the Due de Grammant en
gaged 'Cash' Sloan, M. Gaston Dreyfus
got Freeman and afterward I secured
Sims at a retaining fee which has never
been before paid In France.
"At sundry intervals Tod Sloan has
crossed the channel to ride for various
Prinee of Wales' Aetion in Dispensing
' With Tod. Sloan Commended
by English Turfmen.
FRANCE WELCOMES
AMERICAN JOCKEYS
1X82. FIRST RACE— Five and a Halt furlongs: all-ages: purse. t«<0.
GOLFERS PLAY TEAM
' . MATCH AT* PRESIDIO
Competition for Ladies' Cup Begins
on the Links of the Oakland
Club.
The proposed game over eighteen holes,
match play, between the golfers of class
A and those of class B of the San Fran
cisco Golf Club, the latter to receive a
handicap, did not take place i yesterday
on the Presidio links. . Instead a match
was played between two teams captained
respectively by W. H. La Boyteaux and
C. R. Wlnslow. W. H. La • Boyteaux's
team won a complete victory,, only one
member of C. R. Wlnslow's nine scoring
against his opponents. W. H. La Boy
teaux's team, scored 36 up against 2 up of
C. R: .Wlnslow's team, thus winning 34 up.
Scores:
•Tied. . .
.The winning team will : enjoy a ; dinner
at the expense of the losers.
..The. opening .'round of the competition
for the ladlesr cup was played yesterday
on the links of tho .Oakland .Golf Club
Time— 3-16, :1S; 7-16, :«%: 5Jif. l:0SU. Good start. Won all out. Second and third driving.
Winner, Burns & Waterhouse's ch. m. by imp. Midlothian-Imp. Paloma. winner had not
worked to grit and was given the go by. February, pocketed on stretch turn, was best.
Mocorlto In trouble first part. Sir Hampton's rider tried to squeeze through a gas pip*.
Vulcaln away very badly and wouldn't run. Scratched — Tlburon 104. True Blue tl4. *Lieft.
1U83. SECOND RACE— Seven furlonss; selling; three-year-olds acd up; purse. $330.
Time— ti. :13; *i. :16Y 3 ; %. l:0«4; *i. 1:27?;. Good start. Won first three driving. Winner.
T. E. McLaughlln's b. g. by J. H. Fenton-Mrs. McAllister. Merry Boy away poorly. Should
have woiu, Goldone stood long, hard drive. Throw Sachem's race. out. Will do better. Briar
HIU passed the buck. .--- / { '
12S4. THIRD RACE^Futurlty course; two-year-olds ; purse. $400.
Time— To H. .22; to %. :4G: to last H. 1:02; short K. 13* Good start.. Won easily. Second and
third driving. Winner, W. JNI. Cahlll's b. c. by Dutch Roller- Woodrane«. Boer "copped"
the kopje without firing a Grafter got himself something. Articulate speke hi*
piece and retired. Ravassa didn't like something at the commencement, for sh© brayed
loudly. Scratched— Nellie Forest 110. 'Left.
12S5. FOURTH RACE— Opening Handicap: one mile; three-year-olds and up: rurse. $1300.
Time— U. :25; H. :49U: 7«. 1:15: mile. 1:41*4. Bad start. Won first three driving. Winner F
J. O'Rourke's ch. h.. by imp. Brutus-NVrva. After a pretty break there was an error in
using- the recall flasr and all began pulling up but winner. Fretter was tucky. Scratched
Pat Xlorrissey IK. Herculean 100. Favonlus 1*6. John A. Morris 122. TuthlJl IDS. Roslnant •• 109
IZStt. FIFTH RACE— Mile and a sixteenth: selling: three-year-clds and upward; purse. 1400.
Time— 1-16. :07; 5-18. :30«4: 9-18. :5«>4: 13-18. 1:23%: mile, t:42; 1 I-lSm. 1:W*. Good start.
Won easily. , Second and third driving. • Winner. S. C. Hlldreth'a ch. h.. by Belvldere-Zara.
Banpor stopped at all way station* and then finished on schedule time. He was pounds
the best. Locochee will be a irood In<ii m soon. El MIdo stopped suddenly.
12S7. SIXTH RACE— Seven furlongs; selling;: three-year-olds and upward; purse. $400.
Time— %. :13U: H. :57; %. I'M: %. 1:27H. Good start. Won easily. Second and third drtvinr
Winner. W. D. Randall' ¦ b. c. by Fellowcharm-tmp. Paloma. TVinnar wm* excellently
bandied. Woostrr Boy stopped when 'the money looked to be In bis hfl~V Hoorarlaa sot
acclimated, ilorrlssry simply outfooted.
John P. Irish to Speak.
John P. Irish will apeak at Glen Park
this afternoon at 2 o'clock. He will give
•in his address the logic of the position of
the gold Democrats in this campaign.
Whitney Wants More Damages.
Charles L. Whitney filed .'a. second; suit
yesterday against. Edward and Margarpt
Anderson: to rrecover ,$20,000 ¦ damages
"Whitney alleges that the defendants
alienated i his wife's affections by telling
her that he was a drunkard and danger-
OUS. .••>¦¦•;•..
Mr. Joseph T. O'Connor, Democratic
candidate for Justice of the Peace, has
the txperienca and ability to decide a case
on its merits. He has the courage to rule
In accordance with his convictions. •
In the 'Dlvbrce Court.
E.rAlice Steelman was granted : a dl- r
vorce yesterday from Mildred S. Steelman
onthe grounds of negiect ant. fallure*to
provide. Suits for divorce were filed yes
terday by . Edward J. Quennell- against
Mary A. Quennell for desertion;•V.-.E.'Ol
son against Bernardlna Olson for. deser
tlon.iand Annie Knack, against Philip
Knack for failure to provide.
Stockman Found Unconscious.
I. F. C. Lowney, a stockman of Hura
boldt County, was found unconscious in
his room at the New Western Hotel last
night. The gas was turned on. • Dr. Le
land brought the man back to conscious
ness and he was sent to the Receiving
Hospital.
between the eight ladies who had pre
viously qualified. Miss Mofntt beat Misa
Dunham 1 up at the nineteenth hole, afivr
tying on eighteen holes: Miss KnowLs
beat Mrs. Magee, 4 up 3 to play; Mrs.
Johnson beat Miss Hooper, 3 up 1 to play;
Mrs. Bowles beat Mrs. Knowles, 4 up 3
to 01ay. In the second round Miss Moffltt
will play against. Miss 'Knowles and Mrs.
Johnson will be matched against Mr3.
Bowles. In the final round the wlnnei of
the Moflitt-Knowles match will play
against the winner of the Johnson-Bowles
match. Tho final round will probably bu
played on election day. , : ¦-....
The members of the San Rafael Golf
Club began a > "best ball" • handicap for
men' and a similar event. for. ladles yes
terday. : Play, in both events twill be con
tinued to-morrow and will be, concluded
on Tuesday. .
TENNIS TOURNAMENTS
AT CALIFORNIA CLUB
Rosenberg and Hodgkinson Will
Represent Lowell High School
in Academic Contest.
The Lowell High School held a try-out
yesterday morning on • the courts of the
California Club to determine the two best
men who will represent It in the Academic
championship. -Al, Rosenberg .. won first
place by defeating Hodgkinson In thu
rinals. Both players will represent the
school in singles and in doubles.
The first match in the preliminary roun<*
was between Klngwell vs. Bonifleld and
was won by the former. t>-2, C-3. Gardner
defeated Goldtree by default. Al Rosen
berg defeated Adler, 6-0, (5-0. Lilienthal
defeated Schoenfeld, 6-0, 6-0.' In the first
round Hodgklnson defeated Sharp,' 6-0. 6-0.
Gardner defeated, Klngwell. .6-0. 6-0. Ros
enberg defeated Lilienthal, 6-0, 6-2. Acker
man defeated Kauffman In a close match.
Kauff man getting , the first . set, 6-4, and
Ackerman the next two a*nd match, 6-1,
6-0. ¦ • - ¦
In the gemi-flnals Hodgkinson beat Gard
ner, 6-0, 6-3, in : clever style. Rosenberg
beat Ackerman. 6-0, 6-0. .
; In the finals Rosenberg and Hodgklnson
were the • contestants.'. Rosenberg won
out.. 2-6.- 6-3,10-8.6-4. .. :
The warm weather yesterday, brought
many racket wielders to the courts of the
California Club and an impromptu handi
cap single tournament of fourteen' en
tries 7 was played. -The players who .re
main In ; this tournament are Jones, who
will meet 'George Whitney,- and Richard
Er»kine,-who will cross rackets with John
O'Brien. .' '.The semi-finals ' and finals will
be; played, off -.to-day. ._. . : : . .
FORTUNE and the fates smiled
on the opening of the local rac
ing season. The rain clouds
had drifted to another clime,
the weather resembled an In
dian summer aiid between seven and
eight thousand person* honored the Cali
fornia Jockey Club by their presence at
Oakland track yesterday. Not unllkt
other first days, the grand stand pre
sented a most animated appearance,
crowded as It was with magnificently at
tired women attended by stylishly
dressed men. Groups of fashionables of
both sexes dotted the lawn surrounding
the clubhouse, scanning the programmes
or watching the warming up gallops, and
politics were quietly, discussed In -shel
tered nooks of the veranda. ¦ In the ring,
where the twenty bookmakers held high
carnival, there was a surging .mass of
speculators and tips were flying about
thicker, than quills, on a hedgehog. «T'ne
big bettors were inciint-d to remain under
cover, though there appeared to be no
dearth of small money. "An old stago
horse never forgets the crack of the
whip," 'tis said. and*the veterans were
mustered in force.
If the unhappy 'start of the handicap
can be excepted, an entirely unavoidable
occurrence, the afternoon's sport passed
off without hitch or accident. It was far
from being a favorite day, for the short
end players were early gasping for
breath. Rolling Boer and Bangor, both
from the stable of Sam Hildreth, proved
the only successful choices, while Miss
Rowena, Mike Rice. The Fretter and Pan
amint sent the "pikeis" home In jubi
lant mood. The track had dried out suf
ficiently to be good, but not fast.
Presiding Judge Murphy and his asso
ciate. Charles F. Price, were asked to do
cide one or two very ciose finishes, which
they did to the entire satisfaction of the
blp gathering. Starter James F. Caldwell
dispatched the fields with the Maxwell
starting machine, his work in general be
ine: highly commended.
Nobody eeemed to get real busy until
the Opening handicap, valued at $1500 and
fourth on the card, was called. Mortgage,
the Burns & Waterhouse entry, with 102
pounds and J. Ranch up. had been cutting
up all sorts of pranks with time over at
Ingleslde. and of the eight starters was
delegated to carry the bulk of the coin,
closing a 3 to 2 favorite. Among the oth
ers Rosormond*. Modrine and Formero
were fancied. In the order named. At the
post Caldwell sent the bunch away ex
cellently aligned, but owing to some slight
misuse of the recall flag all of the riders
with the exception of Jack Martin, on the
10 to 1 shot The Fretter. besnn pulllnj; up
at the first turn. Quickly learning of, the
mistake all sail was set and a stern chasi
began for the leader. It proved a futile
one. for the outsider maintained his lead
to the end.- finishing two lengths before
Modrine and Flush of Gold In 1:41^. No
actual line could.be had on. the horses,
and a race at the same distance with like
weights up would be a drawing card.
The Burns & Waterhouse stable started
off well by annexing the introductory
scramble with Miss Rowena. ' The chest
nut mare was allowed to drift from 4 to 12
By F. B. l^ULHOLIL.AasriD.
in the betting, and then, with Ruiz up.
won all the way. February, with a hard
luck tale to spin, disposed of Novla for
the. place. Backers of Bullman came to
erief In this number. Hlldreth started
.Vulcain. but the horse seemed as anxious
to leave the post as a hungry dog would
a bone; never Ving in it.
On top of this came the advent on the
scene of Mike Rice, a 30 to 1 chance. Mike
figured to finish almost anywhere, and In
a face finish his number was hoisted over
Merry Boy. Briar Hill, the favorite, was
seized with a feeling of ennui before the
tape was reached.
Next came the two-year-old event. Sam
Hildreth had In Rolling Boer, a choice
piece of horseflesh, and the books were
kind enough to lay 9 to 10 about him. Bull
man had the K'K up. and rating along to
the stretch with Articulate there forged
ahead, winning at leisure. Grafter fin
ished gamely, trking the place from Ar
ticulate.
Sam Hlldreth followed this victory up
by capturing the mile and a sixteenth run
with Bangor. As good as 2& to 1 was laid
against the horse, and he was at least
twenty minutes the best. Coming from
the far rear and' tramping, all around the
bunch, the chestnut finished two lengths
In advance of Lena and Castake, both
rank outsiders.
Nearly all of the Easterners spread it
about good and thick on Wooster Boy, an
other Hlldreth entry, to win the conclud
ing ' recital. The tickets once looked
cashed, then the hot one began stopping,
and Panamint, a 15 to 1. shot, scored by a
long length in ordinary time. Pat Morrls
sey could not seem to get to the front and
quit. .i
ty-five-mlnute baJves. Attendance, 500. Grounds
In excellent condition. Weather very sultry-
GAMES AT OTHER POINTS.
Harvard Scores a Victory Over the
University of Pennsylvania.
At Cambridge — A mar\elous 'defense,
which completely stopped and broke up
the famous guards-back formation, a
speedy and brilliant offense, together with
some bad errors by her opponents, gave
Harvard a most satisfactory victory over
the University of Pennsylvania "on Sol
diers' Field this afternoon. The attend
ance was 20.000. Score: Harvard, 17;
Pennsylvania. 5.
At West Point— Fully 4000 people taw the
football game here to-day between W*st
Point and Yale. The score was: Yale, IS;
West Point, 0.
At Chicago— Iowa, with a team of vet
erans, fast, trained to the hour and con
fident, rolled up a score of 17 points on
the University of Chicago eleven oil Mar
shall Field this afternoon and so well pro
tected their own goal line that only twice
was Chic-jgo within scoring distance.
At Annapolis-Naval Cadets, 18; Wash
ington and Jefferson. 0. *",•.,_
At Ann Arbor— Michigan defeated ths
University of Indiana on Regents Fiel.'l
this afternoon by a score of 12 to 0. In
diana kept the score down by repeated
punting 'when she had the ball.
At Princeton— The Princeton football
team went down In defeat before the Cor
nell eleven on University Field to-day by
a scor? of 12 to 0. The Tigers' defeat was
a crushing one, in that they expected to
win from the Ithaclans without much
trouble. This is the first time that the
black and orange has ever been beaten
on thp home grounds. Attendance, 5000.
At Minneapolis— For two long halves
Minnesota and Wisconsin struggled on
Northrop Field this afternoon and in the
end Minnesota was the victor by one bare
point. The score was 6 to 5 in her favor
Fast Football at- Napa.
NAPA, Nov. 3.— The Berkeley High
School and Napa High School teams
played a fast and snappy game here this
afternoon. Neither side was able to" score.
The Berkeley team was the heavier and
had a good center rush, but the light
weights of Napa held the visitors down.
SCEXES AN*D INCIDENTS ATTENDANT ON THE INAUGURATION OF THE RACING SEASON BY THE CALIFORNIA JOCKEY CLUB AT OAKLAND
TRACK. A GREAT CROWD WAS PRESENT AND A BRIGHT FUTURE IS PREDICTED FOR THE SPORT. MORE BOOKMAKERS CUT IN THAN
EVER BEFORE ON A FIRST DAY.
THE CALL'S RAGING CHART
OAKLAND RACETRACK. Saturday, November 3. 1900.— "Weather fine. Track rood.
SPLENDID VICTORY
OF THE CARDINAL
Stanford's Varsity Football Team Smoth
ers Reliance, Winning by a
Seore of 44 to 0.
territory. Vosburg fumbled and the ball
rolled to within a yard of Santa Clara's
goal. Prentice. Lowell's left end, grabbed
the ball. On the next line-up vosburg
butted across for a touchdown and then
missed an easy goal. Score, 12 to 0.
Following is the way the teams lined up:
Santa Clara. Position. Lowell.
Natal R— End— L Prentice"
Griffith R— Tackle— L..W. Middleton
Ryan R— Guard— L Keeitan
<".irter. Izola Center Kidd
r-ossrifr L— Guard— R McKInno
I^iwler Li — Tackle — R Craig
Ragran L— End— It Douglass
and Baldwin.
OaJt*z -.... Quarter Stlnes
IV vine R— Half— L. G. Hlddleton
and Golcher.
Fenney .....L — Half — R. Vosbury
McGee -..Fullback Rooney
Score— Lowell 12. Santa Clara 0. Touch
tfywns—Rooney. Vosburg. Safety— Santa Clara.
G'*l*— Two missed by Vosburg-. Runs— G. Mid
dl*tr»n. 2 of 15 yards each. Punt* — W. Middle
trn. : kiPkotts of 45 yards each: McOw. 2 kick
offs of 49 and 45 yards each and 3 punts trom
behind line of 20 and 35 yards each ;~Vo« bun?,
place kick for goal of 20 yards and 30-yard re
turn kick: Roonejr. thre« punts from behind line
of 30. 40 and 33 yards each: Golcher. 2 punts of
an yards each. Officials: Referee — William
Kl3«\ Olympic Club. Umpire— Ed Bishop, U.
C, "00. Timers— Frank Van Duzer. U. C, and
R. T» Williams. S. C. Linesmen— H. McDonald,
S. C. '(«; L,. S. Clayburg:, Berkeley. 'C3. Twen-
Special Dispatch to The CalL
STANFORD fNlVERSITT? Nov.
3. — The Stanford varsity football
team won the most decisive vic
tory of th^ season here to-day,
literally "wiping up the earth""
with the Reliance Athletic Club team.
Though tne day was hot for fast
'laying:, the cardinal team played I'm
tastett and bc-st game of the season. Re
liance had the ball but little of the time
end -was forced to punt constantly. Stan
ford's work on the defense fhowed mar
velous improvement over that displayed
at any previous time this wason. Tne
forwards were especially actlv« and fstt.
Seeley and Gregory of the center trio were
invincible, while the work of Tracer and
Burnett at tackles was of the briiliant
order. Captain Burnett showed a return
of his old-time vim and tackled all over
the field.
The club men were equal to the varsity
in weight, but did not put up such a
strong cams on the defensive as shown
here three weeks ago. They are to be
commended on the clean, hard game
which they played in an up'.iill fight. To
Hamilton, Dinsmore and Weir is due the
credit of preventing a more lopslaed
ccore.
The feature of The game was Traeger"s
place kicking of seals from the field. Ten
points of the score are due to Ills ac
curacy. One was from the twenty-five
and another fr»m the thirty-five yard lint.
As each try was successful; the ball sal*.
lng squarely between the goal posts, it is
likely that he will be tried often during
the Thanksgiving: game.
Sranford'F wonderful showing came in
the nature cf a surprise, as the wise ones
had the clubmen scheduled for a victory.
To-day's game closes a brilliant season
for Stanford against the Reliance team,
u all three game? of the series have gontj
to the college men by a total score o'
£5 to 0. Stanford's goal line has not been
crossed this year except by a team com
posed of its own alumni. Gregory, who
played center in to-day's match, gives
promise of developing into a fine center
rush. He is not eligible for varsity hon
ors this year, however, being in special
standing.
The game opened by Reliance kicking
eff to Smith, who ran it 35 yards. Two
end runs by Smith netted 40 yards. Hill
then made 10 yards through the center.
Seeley carried the ball over for a touch
down. Haiti failed to kick goal. Score—
Bl&nfcnl 5, Reliance 0.
Rodolph kicked off lo McFadden. who
lost tne f>all to Monroe when tackled after
he had made Vj yards, lie immediately
retrieved inciseii uyjrecovenng Keiiance's
fumble. Beeiey held in the Jjii© and fte-
Ji&are wrum given tne ball, but tumbled
and Hill 1^1! upon it. The varsity failed to
pajn and tiiil exchanged punts with Ko
ooipb tor a fain of ltf yards. Reliance got
the ball on her own 2u-yard line. Dins
more made VI yards on a fumbled ball and
lir-doljih lour more on a. double pats,
ilor.roe made five yards through Burnett,
but Stanford braced up and took the ball
on downs in tne .center of the field. Smith
was sent through tackle for 10 yards and
«s round the "eiie. for nve more. Traeger
i:iaa^ two end Se^l^y 20 yards, running
through the Reliance tackle. Reliance
got tne ball on a tumble on her four-yard
line. Rodolph punted to Raitt. who went
through the Reliance tacklers for 45 yards.
Hill ma.de rive. Smith eight and Seeley two
yards, the latter carrying the bail over
tor the second touchdown, from which
Traeger kicked goal. Score 11 to 0.
Reliance kicked off to Allen, who made
15 yards before downed by Hamilton.
Smith made a beautiful o'Kyard run
through tackle on a fake kick, liill added
10 yards around the end and Raitt two on
si double pass. With the bail on Reliance's
25-yard line Traeg-e-r made a beautiful
p!a-e kick, the hrst one at Stanford in
three years. Score 36 to 0. The half end
ed with Stanford in possession of the ball
en the clubmen's 4:t-yard line.
In the second half Luck. Bent!ev and
Erb replaced Cooper. Emerson and Smith.
Stanford kicked off and Luck fell on the
ball, the clubmen being ur.able to pick it
up. Hill went around th*- end for 15 yards
and Traeger for five more. Seeley "went
through for a touchdown one minute after
the kick-off. Raitt kicked goal. Score
22 to 0.
Reliance kicked off to McFadden. who
rued*- Id yards. Allen then made 12 yards
sreund the end and again four. Hill
bucked for 10 yards through the center
and mr.de six yards around the end. Hill
tfousd a lic.le through the tackle for 10
yards and Trs-egcr made five more. After
short gains by Traeger and Erb. Hill
made four yards through the center and
Burnett four more. Traeger and Hill
made short gain?, landing the ball on Re
liance's four-yard line. Seeley carried the
ball over for a touchdown. Trac-ger
kicked goal. Score 2S to 0.
By steady plunges by Erb. Hill and Al
len and with the use cf the guards' and
tackles' back formation Stanford made
another touchdown, from which Traejrer
kicked the goal. Score— Stanford 34. Re
liance 0.
Reliance again kicked off. only to have
Stanford hammer them down the field
again for another touchdown. Score 29
to 0.
Stanford worked the ball d«vwn to Reli
ance's C5-yard line. Here Traeger was
given a chance for a place kick, v.-hlch ho
accept <*d in beautiful style, adding five
more points to the cardinal's score and
making the final score Stanford 44, Reli
ance 0.
The Mne-up 'was as, follows:
Ptanford. Positions. Reliance.
McFadderi .-L. E. R..1. Ah»rn
Traej*er L. T. R Hamilton
Kmerson and
Hartley T->. O. R Monroe
Orvrory Center vvter
Burnett and L-e.:.R. T. L. T. Thierkauf
f^*]*.}- ; R. G. 1* Atkinson
r'ocp^r tn<l Luck...R. H. L. G. Thierkauf
1 <r : • i . _ Quarter back Rodolph
yk'.len I>. H. R .' IMnsmore
Frr.tth r.n3 Erb R. H. L Snowden
Hill Fullback Varney
Officials— Charles R. L^wi*. Stanford '96. um
rlrt: Fred WhStmlre. University of Pennsyl
vania, referee; t lmeUeepers. Pete Smith «nd
J. B. G'.ldersleeve. linesmen. C. M. AVardall
tnd U. Brown.
LOWELL DEFEATS SANTA
CLARA AT FOOTBALL
Local High School Team Rolls Up
Twelve Points in a Feature
less Game.
Lov.fl] High School won an easy vic
tory over the Santa Clara College eleven
a-t the Eixtecnth and Folsom street
Grounds by a eeore of 12 to 0. The game
was played before about 500 spectators
and was uninteresting. Both teams were
composed of crippled players, and after
every scrimmage time had to be taicen
out for ths lads to recover from knocks
and bruise*. Santa Clara was woefully
weak on the- defensive, and Lowell's backs
vere ablo to make th»»ir Grains without
trouble. ¦ The Santa Clara, team had hard
work tryi'iff to pierce Lowell's line. Punt
ing was their only salvation, and they re
sorted to this open play at even* oppor
tunity.
In the* first half Keezan broke through
and blocked a punt with his face and the
pigskin rolled over the goal line, ard be
lore the sleepy college players could re
cover their senw-s Rooney was on top of
the ball. In Ihe second half JIcGee
fumblea Booney's long punt and the oval
rolled over the coai line. This time a
Banta Clara player gained the ball and
the rafety netted the local team two more
points. Before the close . o* the same
Lowell worked the ball Into the visitors'
Pages 23 to 32
Pages 23 to 32
SAN FRANCISCO, SUNDAY, NOVEMBER 4, 1900.
W. MI. La Boy- I • C. R.Wlnslow's
teaux'B Team. Up] Team. Up
\V. H. La. Boyteaux 3 C. . R. •Wlnslow..... n
J. W. Byrne 13 A. C, T Blngham..... 0
J. II. Mee ,*••• S Cap.H. Kumbaugh 0
XV. Amen .'... • J. S. Severance..... •
Ia E. Chenerj' 3 Warren Gregory... 0
H. A. Blackman.. 4 MaJ. C. Chrlstensen -0
L.. B. Edwards 6 Dr. Spencer 0
Li. F.'Monteagle.. 0 W. J. Dutton....... 2
H. B. Goodwin 1 H. D. Pill8bur>' r ... 0
Total'........./. 36 |i Total '......: 2
Po.
ndex Horse. Are. "Weight. Pst'St
U.
».
Str.
, Bettl
Op. HI.
lu
a. i
Fin
Jockeys.
1112 Miss Rowena, 6. .112 3 4
12S1 February. 6 104 5 7
1279 Xovta. o 105 13 3
12fi6) Mocorito, 5 104 11 5
1193 Sir Hampton. 3.. 102 3 2
Janice. 2 101 4 9
12S0 High Hoe. 5 Ill 1 1
:il2T) Matt Hosan. 3. ..103 6 10
SS5 Sybarls. 5..:. .....104 14 11 •
.... Sweet Caporal, 4.111 7 8
126S Pomplno, 4 119 15 «
Vulcaln. 3 117 12 12
12S0 Lady Helolae. 6.. 104 10 *
1 1
5 1
2H
6 2
4 h
-81
71
3 1
1115
91
19
12
1 h
!?
4 h
5 1
¦« h
8 1
9 3
10 10
115
12
Kuiz
Howson ....
.T. Woods...
J. Walsh...
J. Martin...
J. Daly
Knos .......
Tull»tt
! Domlnick ..
Coburu
Stuart
Bulltnan ...
Fauntleroy .
4
¦
10
4
4
6
4
20
S
$
15
2
15
12
15
15
7
4
IS
30
•w
IS
30
30
S
60
13 4
12 • 8
15 «
5 2
S «-".
15 8
so a
so an
10 4
30 13
30 12
5 8-5
40 15
Po.l
Index Horse. J\ge. Weight. PstlSt.
12SI Mike Rice, a 10.i 3 5
1271 Merry Boy. 6....T05 4 ,9
.... Goldone 1CS 13 ! 7
127* Grand Sachem. 5.105 9 8
1279 Good Hope, 4.. -.105 2 4
1300 Moringa. 5 105 1 1
1271) Gu'to. 3 103 11 3
1275) Briar H1U. 5 112 3 2
1213 Dolore. C 107 8 6
1275 Pilot. 3 100| 7 110
12.*,0 Campus. 4 1101 10 111
1037 Chas. le Bel. 5.. .105! 6 f 12
1«. »4. Str. Fin.
1 h 3 1 ... 1 h '
10 6 10 10 ... 2h
iH 5h' ... 3 1
9 1 7 Vt ... 4 3
4 «i 1 h ... 5 t
3 h 4 1 ... « 1
S3 6 1 ... 7 2
7 2 2 4 :.. S3
2 h S 5 ... 9 5
5 H 9 2 ..... 10 10
11 4 11 % ... 11 1 .
« 12 ... 13
, Bettlns .
Jockeys. Op. HI. Cl. PI
• Tullett 10 SO 25 i
J. Woods... « 7 C :
Pullman ... ! 5-2 4 4 - t- 1 ,
Thomas J... 6 15 IS *
Domlnlck .. 3 4 7-J «-;
Stuart 10 15 15 t
Coburn 20 20 25 >
Ruiz 5-2 S 3 «-¦
Frawley ... 10 30 JO l:
'Ranch 6 1<» 10 1
Woodman .. 30 10O 100 4f
[Cannell .... 40 100 100 4f
Po. . I,
Index Horse and Weight. Pst St. U. %. Str. Fin. Jockeys. |
.... Rollins Boer US 7 1 ... 2 %i ... \\ ICullman ...
110S Grafter .110 14 ... 4 2 ... 2 5 Domlnlck ..
(1273) Articulate 114 4 3 ... 1 H ... 3 1 H. Shields..
Seldc 113 I 7 ... 5 1 ... ' t I Ruiz ...;....
C124«) Bavassa 115 5 Z ... 7 ... 5 1 Stuart
Invlctus 108 8 6 ... 6« ... <5 J. Martin...
.... Marcy 110 6|2 ... 3 b ... 1 - Coburn
.... Donee 100 3 I • Redfern ....
, Bettln* —
Op. HI. Cl.
4-5 9-lft 7-10
10 3) 20
5-2 4 . 7-2
10 20 15
.•4 :. - w> "¦¦::¦ 9 ¦
• 10 2S 29
10 23 20
sn lw ii»
1-3
¦> s
it
3
t
?1
I l Po -|
ndex IHorse. Afre. -Wright. PstlSt
U.
|
- Betting: -
HI. Cl
Dl
u.
Str.
Fin.
Jockeys.
Op.
1191 The Fretter. 4. ..110 1 j I
.... Modrine. 3 117 7 I 4
1274) Flush of Gold. 3.. 105 2 2
1191) Rosormonde. C 115 2 5
121$) Torslna. a... 118 4 3
1279 . Formero. 4 UK R 7
1252) Tru« Blue, 6 117 8 6
"1155) Mortgage. 3...;...102 5 8
1 4
44
2*4
54
32
8
•i «
7 4
1 14 I 2
3 h 2^
44 32
S3 4 3
2 h SI
7 4 7 1
8 3 8
9 < h
t 2 J. Martin...
2 ns Rullrrmn ...
3 3 Coburn
- 4 S Domtnlck ..
5 V a Rati
« 1 J. Woods....
7 3 XV. \Appleby!
S Ranch I
«
5-2
10
4
10
•
» 10
« s
15 IS
9-2
IS 15
10 10
40 40
5-2 5-2
8-
7-
1
I .|Po.l
ndex lHorse. Age. WelKht.|PstiSt.
U-
I
-Bwttlns
HI. Cl. PI
M.
Str.
Kin. J
Jockeys.
Or>.
.... Gangor. 4 112 1 1
j:74 L«na. 6. .".105 10 5
1233 Caftake. S 104 2 3
Uocochee, 4 109 11 4
12TS) Gauntlet. 4 107 3 11
1774 El Mldo. 4 112 4 »
1247* Morlnel. 5.. ...... .108 5 »
1279 Snips. 5.. ....... ...106| 7 t «
1237 Tori-Ida. 3 1B7 9 112
1034 Imperious. S 106 8 «
IZa. Rla Chlco. 4 103 8 7 '
.... Doublet. 3 102 12 2
12* Mi 1 h
3 1 2 1 2 1
2 h 3 H 3 h
11 Vi 12 7 1
9 %' t 7 h 8 2"
5 1 ih 5 3
9 H II S 9
72 6 h 63
10 Vi 10 1 l:)
4 H » Vi 12
fi t 4 h 4b
12 1 H 11 .
1 2
3 1.
4 h
6 1
« 2
71
Si
ii> .
11
.i;
Bullman ...
Ranch
J. Walsh....
J. Daly
F^untleroy .
H. Shields..
J. Woods....
Howson —
KJl^y
Dominlclc ...
Enoa
Cotmrn
10
10
6
s
*
8
10
15
4
2ft
10
10
5A
7 '
IS
12
r.
*
40
30
I 4-3
10 4
10 4
50 IT.
' « 3
10 4
* 2
10 4
20 S
« 2
25 V*
30 13
Po.
Index Home. Age, 'Weight. P»t St.
(1K0) Panamlnt. 4 .108 ~T 1
.... Wooster Boy, 3.. .110 h 4
1201 Horton. 4 10S 7 7
.... Lomond. 3 ....'.107 4 S
...-.« Hungarian. 4.;... 109 2 3
Use Pat Morrlssey. 6..irv, « «
.... Puptl. 3... ....107 1 3
M. V,.
51 53
2 1 3 1
7 «3
4h, 7
1 h* th
«2 4H
2 2 !H
%¦
Str.
Str.
2 1
1 h
3 i.
4 1
5 1
72
.8
Ftn.
1 1
34
33
4 h
5 1
• 5
7
Ftn. I
l<
Jockeys. Op.
Faontlrroy . *
Bullnian .... S-5
Enos v.. 10
Kiley 10
Coburn ._... S
Ranch S-3
J. Daly 6
Jockeys.
I, Bmtmr —
Op. HI. CL
— umi
HI.
15
13-5
10
30
s
2
15
:1ns —
d.
«~
7-5
8
SO
¦ a
9-5
15
PL
4
1-3
3
10
3
4-5
5
W. MI. La Boy- I • C. R.Wlnslow's
teaux'B Team. Up] Team. Up
\V. H. La. Boyteaux 3 C. . R. •Wlnslow..... n
J. W. Byrne 13 A. C, T Blngham..... 0
J. II. Mee ,*••• S Cap.H. Kumbaugh 0
XV. Amen .'... • J. S. Severance..... •
Ia E. Chenerj' 3 Warren Gregory... 0
H. A. Blackman.. 4 MaJ. C. Chrlstensen -0
L.. B. Edwards 6 Dr. Spencer 0
Li. F.'Monteagle.. 0 W. J. Dutton....... 2
H. B. Goodwin 1 H. D. Pill8bur>' r ... 0
Total'........./. 36 |i Total '......: 2
Po.
ndex Horse. Are. "Weight. Pst'St
U.
».
Str.
, Bettl
Op. HI.
lu
a. i
Fin
Jockeys.
1112 Miss Rowena, 6. .112 3 4
12S1 February. 6 104 5 7
1279 Xovta. o 105 13 3
12fi6) Mocorito, 5 104 11 5
1193 Sir Hampton. 3.. 102 3 2
Janice. 2 101 4 9
12S0 High Hoe. 5 Ill 1 1
:il2T) Matt Hosan. 3. ..103 6 10
SS5 Sybarls. 5..:. .....104 14 11 •
.... Sweet Caporal, 4.111 7 8
126S Pomplno, 4 119 15 «
Vulcaln. 3 117 12 12
12S0 Lady Helolae. 6.. 104 10 *
1 1
5 1
2H
6 2
4 h
-81
71
3 1
1115
91
19
12
1 h
!?
4 h
5 1
¦« h
8 1
9 3
10 10
115
12
Kuiz
Howson ....
.T. Woods...
J. Walsh...
J. Martin...
J. Daly
Knos .......
Tull»tt
! Domlnick ..
Coburu
Stuart
Bulltnan ...
Fauntleroy .
4
¦
10
4
4
6
4
20
S
$
15
2
15
12
15
15
7
4
IS
30
•w
IS
30
30
S
60
13 4
12 • 8
15 «
5 2
S «-".
15 8
so a
so an
10 4
30 13
30 12
5 8-5
40 15
Po.l
Index Horse. J\ge. Weight. PstlSt.
12SI Mike Rice, a 10.i 3 5
1271 Merry Boy. 6....T05 4 ,9
.... Goldone 1CS 13 ! 7
127* Grand Sachem. 5.105 9 8
1279 Good Hope, 4.. -.105 2 4
1300 Moringa. 5 105 1 1
1271) Gu'to. 3 103 11 3
1275) Briar H1U. 5 112 3 2
1213 Dolore. C 107 8 6
1275 Pilot. 3 100| 7 110
12.*,0 Campus. 4 1101 10 111
1037 Chas. le Bel. 5.. .105! 6 f 12
1«. »4. Str. Fin.
1 h 3 1 ... 1 h '
10 6 10 10 ... 2h
iH 5h' ... 3 1
9 1 7 Vt ... 4 3
4 «i 1 h ... 5 t
3 h 4 1 ... « 1
S3 6 1 ... 7 2
7 2 2 4 :.. S3
2 h S 5 ... 9 5
5 H 9 2 ..... 10 10
11 4 11 % ... 11 1 .
« 12 ... 13
, Bettlns .
Jockeys. Op. HI. Cl. PI
• Tullett 10 SO 25 i
J. Woods... « 7 C :
Pullman ... ! 5-2 4 4 - t- 1 ,
Thomas J... 6 15 IS *
Domlnlck .. 3 4 7-J «-;
Stuart 10 15 15 t
Coburn 20 20 25 >
Ruiz 5-2 S 3 «-¦
Frawley ... 10 30 JO l:
'Ranch 6 1<» 10 1
Woodman .. 30 10O 100 4f
[Cannell .... 40 100 100 4f
Po. . I,
Index Horse and Weight. Pst St. U. %. Str. Fin. Jockeys. |
.... Rollins Boer US 7 1 ... 2 %i ... \\ ICullman ...
110S Grafter .110 14 ... 4 2 ... 2 5 Domlnlck ..
(1273) Articulate 114 4 3 ... 1 H ... 3 1 H. Shields..
Seldc 113 I 7 ... 5 1 ... ' t I Ruiz ...;....
C124«) Bavassa 115 5 Z ... 7 ... 5 1 Stuart
Invlctus 108 8 6 ... 6« ... <5 J. Martin...
.... Marcy 110 6|2 ... 3 b ... 1 - Coburn
.... Donee 100 3 I • Redfern ....
, Bettln* —
Op. HI. Cl.
4-5 9-lft 7-10
10 3) 20
5-2 4 . 7-2
10 20 15
.•4 :. - w> "¦¦::¦ 9 ¦
• 10 2S 29
10 23 20
sn lw ii»
1-3
¦> s
it
3
t
?1
I l Po -|
ndex IHorse. Afre. -Wright. PstlSt
U.
|
- Betting: -
HI. Cl
Dl
u.
Str.
Fin.
Jockeys.
Op.
1191 The Fretter. 4. ..110 1 j I
.... Modrine. 3 117 7 I 4
1274) Flush of Gold. 3.. 105 2 2
1191) Rosormonde. C 115 2 5
121$) Torslna. a... 118 4 3
1279 . Formero. 4 UK R 7
1252) Tru« Blue, 6 117 8 6
"1155) Mortgage. 3...;...102 5 8
1 4
44
2*4
54
32
8
•i «
7 4
1 14 I 2
3 h 2^
44 32
S3 4 3
2 h SI
7 4 7 1
8 3 8
9 < h
t 2 J. Martin...
2 ns Rullrrmn ...
3 3 Coburn
- 4 S Domtnlck ..
5 V a Rati
« 1 J. Woods....
7 3 XV. \Appleby!
S Ranch I
«
5-2
10
4
10
•
» 10
« s
15 IS
9-2
IS 15
10 10
40 40
5-2 5-2
8-
7-
1
I .|Po.l
ndex lHorse. Age. WelKht.|PstiSt.
U-
I
-Bwttlns
HI. Cl. PI
M.
Str.
Kin. J
Jockeys.
Or>.
.... Gangor. 4 112 1 1
j:74 L«na. 6. .".105 10 5
1233 Caftake. S 104 2 3
Uocochee, 4 109 11 4
12TS) Gauntlet. 4 107 3 11
1774 El Mldo. 4 112 4 »
1247* Morlnel. 5.. ...... .108 5 »
1279 Snips. 5.. ....... ...106| 7 t «
1237 Tori-Ida. 3 1B7 9 112
1034 Imperious. S 106 8 «
IZa. Rla Chlco. 4 103 8 7 '
.... Doublet. 3 102 12 2
12* Mi 1 h
3 1 2 1 2 1
2 h 3 H 3 h
11 Vi 12 7 1
9 %' t 7 h 8 2"
5 1 ih 5 3
9 H II S 9
72 6 h 63
10 Vi 10 1 l:)
4 H » Vi 12
fi t 4 h 4b
12 1 H 11 .
1 2
3 1.
4 h
6 1
« 2
71
Si
ii> .
11
.i;
Bullman ...
Ranch
J. Walsh....
J. Daly
F^untleroy .
H. Shields..
J. Woods....
Howson —
KJl^y
Dominlclc ...
Enoa
Cotmrn
10
10
6
s
*
8
10
15
4
2ft
10
10
5A
7 '
IS
12
r.
*
40
30
I 4-3
10 4
10 4
50 IT.
' « 3
10 4
* 2
10 4
20 S
« 2
25 V*
30 13
Po.
Index Home. Age, 'Weight. P»t St.
(1K0) Panamlnt. 4 .108 ~T 1
.... Wooster Boy, 3.. .110 h 4
1201 Horton. 4 10S 7 7
.... Lomond. 3 ....'.107 4 S
...-.« Hungarian. 4.;... 109 2 3
Use Pat Morrlssey. 6..irv, « «
.... Puptl. 3... ....107 1 3
M. V,.
51 53
2 1 3 1
7 «3
4h, 7
1 h* th
«2 4H
2 2 !H
%¦
Str.
Str.
2 1
1 h
3 i.
4 1
5 1
72
.8
Ftn.
1 1
34
33
4 h
5 1
• 5
7
Ftn. I
l<
Jockeys. Op.
Faontlrroy . *
Bullnian .... S-5
Enos v.. 10
Kiley 10
Coburn ._... S
Ranch S-3
J. Daly 6
Jockeys.
I, Bmtmr —
Op. HI. CL
— umi
HI.
15
13-5
10
30
s
2
15
:1ns —
d.
«~
7-5
8
SO
¦ a
9-5
15
PL
4
1-3
3
10
3
4-5
5
Vote for Thos.F. Graham 'for Judge of
the Superior Court. - •
See that you vote for Judge William P.
Lawlor, who has proved himself worthy
of the support of all citizens. Irrespective
of party. . - ¦ ; - — • _...*- •_.Liver more Hears
Congressman
Metcalf.
Splendid Demon
stration Made
There.
GILROY, Nov. 3. — Local Republicans
fired the last gun of the campaign at
Music Hall to-night. People came from
miles around to hear Frank McGowan of
San Francisco. Senator Charles M. Short
rldge of San Jose, Louis Oneal, candidate
for State Senator in the First District,
and George 8., Walker, candidate for tho
Assembly. President George Skllllcorn
called the meeting to order. Mayor H. R.
Chesbro was chairman. The . principal
speech was by, McGowan.
Meyets and Foote Speak.
TULARE, Nov. 3.— Hon. R. H. Meyers,
Republican nominee; for , the -Assembly
from this district, and * H." S. Foote, ; four
years ago a Democrat but now an enthu
siastic Republican, conducted the last
meeting of the campaign in this place
this evening. The audience was ? very
large. Music was furnished by the Vlsa
lia and Tulare . bands. Great bonfires
burned during the evening. 1
LAST GTJN PTBED AT GILBOY.
LIVERMORE Nov. 3.—Congress
man Victor H. Metcalf deliv
ered his last address of the cam
paign outside of his home city
to-night in Llvermore. It was
the closing of the Republican campaign,
and was one of the most remarkable dem
onstrations of political enthusiasm that
ever took place in this city. The Liver
more brass band was out and played in-
Bpiringly. There were bonfires all through
the city and fireworks and all kinds of
noise. The meeting was held In the Farm
ers' Union Theater and the place was
filled to overflowing.
The meeting was called to order by
Thomas Knox, county commltteeman from
this township. Mr. Knox said a few words,
urging that the Republican ticket be sup
ported from President to Assemblymen,
and Introduced ex-Assemblyman F. R.
Fassett as the chairman of the evening.
Mr. Fassett made a clever address, show
ing the Importance to the country of con
tinuing the Republican administration In
power and calling attention to the neces
sity of sending a solid Republican legis
lative delegation from this county.
Short addresses were made by Superior
Judf?e F. B. Ogden, C, F. Homer, Repub
lican nominee for Supervisor, and J. O.
Mattoft Jr. Republican nominee for the
Assembly. Judge Ogden spoke for his ab
sent comrade. Judge John Ellsworth, and
for Mr. Homer and Mr. Mattos in their
candidacy. Mr. Homer said a few words
expressing the hope that the people of
Llvermore would look with favor upon hia
candidacy. . , ,.
1 John G. Mattos made quite an address,
that created a very favorable Impression
upon his audience. He told of his life,
how he had been brought up and edu
cated until he was admitted to the bar,
and how he had always been a Republican
and loved the principles of that party.
Then he touched upon the fight that is be
ing made against him because of his na
tionality. "I was born of Portuguese
parentage," he said, "but that was not
my fault and 1 am none the less an
American and I love this country Just as
much as any of those who sit here to
n 6ongressman Victor H. Metcalf was
given a magnificent reception when he
arose to speak, and so interesting were
his remarks that none left during his talk.
He dealt with national questions, with the
condition and future of the Philippines,
Hawaii and Porto Rico.
"Support the whole ticket, exclaimed
Mr. Metcalf, "and elect those true leaders
of the American people, McKinley and
Roosevelt."
BIG BEPTTBLICAN" MEETING.
Presentation of Political Truths by
the Orators Vociferously Greeted.
Pioneer Hall was filled last night with a
crowd of enthusiastic Republicans. For.
an hour before the meeting was called to
order skyrockets, bombs and ' roman
candles were set oft*, attracting a crowd
which soon blocked the street. When the
stock of fireworks was exhausted a brass
band entertained the crowd with patri
otic and popular music. At 8 o'clock the
tand entered the hall, followed by the
hundreds that filled the streets.
The meeting was called to order by
Leon Samuels, who in a short speech
made known that the affair was a meet
ing of the Republicans of the Twenty
ninth Assembly District. Following Mr.
Samuels the Knickerbocker quartet sang
a campaign song and for an encore ren
dered a popular selection.
The speaker of the evening, W. R. Da
vis, Republican candidate for Presidential
Elector, was then introduced and ten
dered a rousing reception. Mr. Davis said
in part;
It U an easy matter to settle the claims of
Democracy as put forth by Democratic ora
tors. Their particular bugbears are imperial
ism, militarism and trusts. These are para
mount Issues of the campaign in the eyeg of
our Democratic friends. The need of a stand
ing army of 65,000 men does not constitute mill
tarlem, aa In this great country the keeping:
of such an army would call for but 86-100 of a
roldler to each 1000 Inhabitants. In Austria,
Italy, France, Turkey, to maintain the stand
ing armies requires the presence of from 6 to
14 men to each 1000 Inhabitants. The army this
country should stand In fear of is the Im
mense army of 600,000 unemployed people who
started to march from San Francisco to Wash
ington In 1&94. Such a spectacle has never been
seen In an administration ruled by the Ke
publlcan party.
The question of trusts Mr. Davis dis
posed of with a few remarkg. He re
minded the audience that the leaders of
tho New York Democracy. Croker and the
Van Wyck brothers, were the principal
stock owners In many gigantic trusts In
the Empire City.
Julius Kahn was then introduced and
addressed the audience for a few mo
ments on national Issues. He was greet
ed with cheers when he announced as his
platform "Get all the benefits possible for
California and San Francisco." Mr. Kahn
spoke of his efforts in the last session in
Congress and outlined clearly his opposi
tion to any measures which would open
the doors of this country to Chinese or
Japanese labor.
A song dedicated to Mr. Kahn waa sung
by Joseph Hanson and greeted with
cheers.
Ex-Judge D. J. Murphy was the next
speaker, and his speech was a reiteration
of the remarks of the orators who pre
ceded him. In regard to his own candi
dacy the Judge was willing that his rec
ord as Superior Judge should stand for
cause for his re-election.
L. L. Loofbourow of Stanford Univer
sity explained to the audience the mean-
Ing of the amendment for the passage of
which the students are so vigorously
working.
Thomas F. Graham, candidate for Su
perior Judge: Thomas F. Dunn, who is
seeking a re-election to the office of Jus
tice of the Peace, and Jeremiah Collins,
candidate for the Assembly from the
Twenty-ninth District, also addressed the
meeting.. Thomas McConnell. president of
the Shipwrights' Union of San Francisco,
spoke in behalf of Julius Kahn, telling
the audience how the mechanics in his
branch of labor were treated by the Con
gressman.
During the evening the drill corps of the
Bear Club marched thpough the hall and
were greeted with cheers. The corps re
turned the salute with three rousing
cheers for McKinley and three more for
the Twenty-ninth Assembly District Club.
Congressional Nominee I>ef ends the
Administration Policy.
SONOMA, Nov. 3.— By far the largest
and most enthusiastic rally of the cam
paign was held here this evening under
the auspices'of the McKinley and Roose
velt Republican Club of Sonoma. The
speaker waa Hon. Frank L. Coombs of
Napa, the Republican nominee for Con
gtess in the First District. The reception
accorded him was most flattering. His
defense of the administration was a mas
terful one. - . • .
Mr. Coombs will undoubtedly be elected.
It Is only a question of majority. This
rally closed the campaign In Sonoma. The
Republican ticket will carry the town and
district beyond doubt. -_
SALINAS, Nov. 3.— Republicanism
was supreme In Salinas to-night.
Never in the history of Monterey
County has the demonstration of
this evening been equaled." To hear Sen
ator George C. Perkins Republicans came
by scores from Monterey, Del Monte, Pa
cific Grove, Castrovllle and other near
by towns. The city was crowded with
visitors. Bands played,, bonfires lighted
the heavens and rockets pierced the sky.
To add to the enthusiasm there was an
Immense torchlight procession.
Agricultural HalJ was packed with peo
ple, while hundreds could not gain ad
mittance. Fully 3500 heard Senator Per
kins expound Republican truths. The
Senator made a telling speech. He said
the nation's motto was "Progress, and
we would not stand as the exponent of
backward movements. For nearly two
hours the audience listened intently and
applauded vociferously each telling point.
COOMBS' MASTEB-LY SPEECH.
Special Dispatch to The Call,
Salinas Hears a
Speech by Sen
ator Perkins.
Meeting Is Par
ticipated in by
Thousands.
CLOSING RALLIES OF THE CAMPAIGN
IN INTERIOR TOWNS OF CALIFORNIA
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Grass Valley's
Welcome to
Woods.
Votes Gained by
the Stockton
Man.
GRASS VALLEY, Nov. 3.— More
than 1000 persons besidea the local
population to-night heard Sam D.
Woods, Republican candidate for
Congress, speak on political issues. The
Barracks, where the meeting waa held
was not only filled to overflowing
but 'fully 500 persons who sought ad
mission were compelled to go home with
out hearing the- Republican candidate.
The address was one of the best ever
heard here and the audience was nearly
wild with enthusiasm from beginning to
end.
Barnes Talks to
Vacaville
Voters.
... »
Hejs Accorded a
Splendid Re
ception.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
VACAVILLE, Nov. 3.— The Repub
licans of Vaca Valley held the
final campaign rally here this
evening. The opera-house was
crowded to the doors and stand
ing room was at a premium. General W.
H..L. Barnes, the gifted" orator of San
Francisco, was the speaker. Prior to the
meeting there was a torchlight procession,
headed by Neal's band:
F. B. McKevitt acted as chairman of
the meeting. After announcing several
vice presidents, he Introduced Hon. J. J.
Luchsinger, candidate for Senator, who
made a brief address. . Then came a selec
tion by the Rough Riders'. quartet and the
chairman introduced General Barnes, who
was accorded a hearty reception. He
made a forcible speech and' the audience
applauded to the echo his frequent telling
points.
NEEDHAM GETS AN OVATION.
Industrial Parade and Mass Meeting
at Fresno.
FRESNO, Nov. 3.— Fresno County and
city to-night gave Congressman Needham
the greatest ovation ever tendered any
candidate for office In the San Joaquln
Valley. He arrived In Fresno at 6 o'clock
and was met at the depot by the military
band and' a> vast concourse of people. At
7 o'clock an industrial parade, represent
ing every line of business In the county,
formed and marched through the streets
of the raisin city. Among the interesting
features was a uniformed company of 200
Rough Riders.
The Barton Opera-house, where Mr.
Needham and J. A. Barham spoke, was
crowded to the doors and every pointed
utterance was greeted with enthusiastic
applause. The orators dwelt on the so
called issues the Democratic party has
raised in this campaign and showed their
fallacy. Mr. Needham said that there
was only one Issue and that was the issue
of prosperity. The question was whether
or not the people wanted to abandon the
policy that had led up to the present times
of plenty or go back to the Democratic
policy of hard times and soup houses.
Mr. Barham paid especial attention to
the statements made some time ago by
Stephen M. White that he (ex-Senator
White) was responsible for the present
tariff on raisins and declared the claim
was entirely unfounded. •
From every standpoint the meeting was
a success and Republicans are now claim
ing that McKinley will carry the county.
NEWMAN, Nov. 3.— Th« largest meeting
of the campaign was held here last night.
Speeches were delivered by Congressman
Needham and H. S. Foote. Ed Simpson
was chairman. Campaign songs were
rendered by the Modesto Glee Club. Many
prominent citizens of the West Side of
ficiated aa vice presidents.
Bound Valley in Line.
COVELO. Nov. 3.— The greatest political
demonstration of the present campaign
was held here to-night. Voters came from
all parts of Round Valley. At White's
Hall the audience was called to' order bi
tten. George "W. Cummings. "William Ha
nen of Santa Rosa, nomine* for the As
sembly, was first Introduced and made a
telling speech. He was followed by Frank
J. Murphy of Santa Rosa, whose humor
ous and pointed sallies at the expense of
the Democratic party were loudly ap
plauded. '
Sutter Creek Demonstration.
SUTTER CREEK, Nov. 3.— The Repub
licans closed their campaign here to
night. Seven > hundred men : bearing
torches paraded the streets. Irving iM.
Scott of San Francisco and Fred L. Stew
art, nominee for the Assembly, addressed
the meeting. Judge Davis of Jackson pre
sided: Large delegations came from all
parts 'of the -county. •'-". > •
SANTA CRUZ, Nov. 3.— James Lars, who
was injured by the accidental explosion of a
gun a few days agx>. died to-day.
REXO, Nov. 3.— The campaign practi
cally closed to-night. The Republicans
have put up a hard flght and the leaders
think that Bryan's majority will be re
duced by from 500 to 800, if Indeed, McKin
ley does not carry tha State. Farrlngton,
tha Republican nominee for Congress, will
run ahead of hla ticket. The Republicans
are very hopeful of not only carrying tha
State for McKinley, but electing Farring
ton as well, there having been a remark
able change of sentiment In the past three
weeks. Tha Democrats concede that tha
election will be exceedingly close and
while they claim that they will win out.
both on Bryan and Newlands for Con
gress, they are exceedingly anxious for
the outcome.
Few Weeks Raises Hopes of
Republicans.
Change of Sentiment During Put
The speaker also paid his respects to
John *W. Mitchell, who. he said, had taken
J10CO of Southern Pacific money to go to
Washington and flght against San Pedro.
Mitchell also had attacked McLachlan at
the "White meeting last week.
NEVADA BEMAINS IN"
DOUBTFUL COI/dOT
The meeting: took on the nature of a
McLachlan meeting, he being the prin
cipal speaker. At Hazards Pavilion an
immense audience had gathered and
standing room waa at a premium. Mr.
McLachlan made an able address*, during
which he paid his respe>cts to ex-Senator
"White, who last week attacked Me Lach,
lan'a record In Congress on the San Pedro
harbor question. The speaker said that
the Senator had made no direct charge,
but had attacked him only by weak in
sinuations and lnnuer.tlos, and this after
expressing the greatest friendship for
him and telling him that the attacks made
upon him by the Times were unfair.
LOS ANGELES. Nov. 2.— The closing
Republican celebration in this city waa
one of the most successful ever held In
Southern California. There was a mag
nificent parade of uniformed clubs, many
coming in from mountain towns to taka
part. Pasadena, Monrovia. Santa Monica
and other places sent large delegation?,
and with "Teddy's Terrors" of this city
the parade, with shouting: multitudes lin
ing the sidewalks, was a splendid ovation
to James McLachlan, the Republican can
didate for Congress in the Sixth District.
Mitchell.
Also Pays His Respects to John W.
McLACHIiAN A2TSWERS WHITE.
THE BEAR CLUB. IN UNIFORM AND BEARING FLAMBEAUX. ESCORTING THE UNITED LEAGUE OF LABOR IN ITS PARADE UP MARKET STREET
TO THE MASS-MEETING AT SCOTTISH HALL, WHERE THE MEMBERS OF BOTH ORGANIZATIONS LISTENED TO ADDRESSES BY PROMI
NENT SPEAKERS.
GREAT Republican rallies were
held throughout the State and
in five districts of San Fran
cisco last night. Indications
are that the full registered vote
cf the party will be cast day after to
morrow. It is estimated by conservative
judges that California's majority for Mc-
Klnley and Roosevelt will exceed fifteen
thousand. Many prefllctJons place the
figure as high as twenty-five thousand.
The defeat of Bryan is practically con
ceded by his supporters. In this city the
Democrats are putting forward special
efforts to win a Congressman in the
Fourth District.
During the past week considerable vita>
lty ha6 been. Infused Into the campaign
on behalf of Porter Ashe. At the noon
hour yesterday he addressed an audience
cf fifteen hundred men at the Risdon Iron
Works. Republicans, however, are con
fident of Julius Kahn's re-election, but
there is always danger in over-confidence.
The normal Democratic majority in the
district approximates four thousand. The
Republican party was betrayed by H. C.
Dibble in 1S91. when the Legislature made
the apportionment for ten years. He got
the railroad company to promise him a.
nomination for Congress and then used
all the skill he.possessed to twist the lines
of the Fifth Congressional District, in
•which he lives, so that it would be over
whelmingly Republican. The lines of the
Fourth District were also traced hither
and thither, so as to surround as many
strong Democratic Assembly districts aj
could be put tog-ether in one Congres
sional District. The whole purpose of the
apportionment was selfish. The redistrict
ing was made to serve the political ends
of Dibble. As a result Democrats were
enabled to elect a Representative to Con
gress from the Fourth in every contest
until the pound money Democrats began
to vote with the Republicans.
Dibble is particularly anxious to get
back to the Assembly so that he can have
another chance to dicker with the Demo
cratic bosses and railroad agents on the
apportionment for the next decade. Every
liepubllcan in the Forty-first Assembly
IMstrict who values the future welfare of
the party should vote next Tuesday for
Oscar Eutro, the Citizens* Republican
nominee for the Assembly. The Call un
derstands that the leading Republicans
of the district — the substantial citizens
and property owners who have always
been true to the principles of the party —
arc out openly against Dibble. It is well
kno-vn to. intelligent people throughout
the district that Dibble is the candidate
of Martin Kelly and Phil Crimmlns.
Judge James A. Maymire returned from
the East day before yesterday. He talked
recently with Hanna, Payne and other
leaders of the Republican cause. In
Washington Judge Waymire saw the
President and had quite a chat with him
on California topics. President McKinley
is now confident that the Republican
national ticket will win.
Yesterday Judge Waymire wired to the
President that California would go Re
publican and elect a solid Republican
Congressional delegation. The Judge esti
mates that McKinley's majority in New
York will exceed one hundred thousand.
When the Phelanites and Bryanltes
met In State convention at San Jose last
September they fancied that a clever
etroke of politics to catch the interior
vote would be a plank in the platform
pledging all Democratic nominees for the
Legislature u» vote for the abolition of
tolls on the water front of San Francl.«co.
Governor Gape exposed the scheme in his
Tresno speech. Here Is what he said:
And while we are touching upon the flnan-
i dal situation let me call your attention to the
I plank in the Democratic State platform, adopt
! «Hl at San Jose In September of this year, which
I IT carried out would raise not only farm taxes
I but all other taxes 10 per cent groes. They de
clcre in the following words in that platform:
"The growing commerce of our State requires
the early completion of the sea wall and the
belt-line railroad on the hajbor front of San
Francisco, and the abolition or all State tolls,
and a material reduction of all other port
charges. Our candidates for the Legislature
are hereby pledged to carry out this policy."
The revenue of that port at San Francisco to
I the Ftate aggregates monthly about $50,000, the
i last month running as high as $60,0u0, as my
| memory now serves me. These revenues are
principally paid and realized from foreign ehlp
! owners and frcm foreign merchandise; and no
| tolls are now collected on wheat or flour or
I cereals, and the State under the present man
j agement does not pay any taxes whatever to
maintain the water front of San Francisco,
j ar.d all cf the revenues are required in order
I to keep pace with the growing commercial ln
| tereet of the water front at San Francisco be
i longing to the State and' to pay off liabilities
Incurred in the past. If these State toll? should
| be abolished, as demanded by this plank of the
Democratic platform (end to which policy every
Democratic candidate for the Assembly and
Senate is pledged), we must of necessity add
to the tax roll of this Btate $50,000 per month,
or at least $600,000 per year, which would in
crease taxes 10 per cent on every bit of prop
! erty within the State, so that every Democratic
I Senator and every Democratic Assemblyman
j should be defeated unless the people are de
j ulrous of carrying out this terrific pledge of the
| Democratic party, increasing our taxes 10 per
'¦ cent.
It is evident that some stupid or dishonor
able Democratic politician of San Francisco
thought by this plank he was pledging the
Democratic carty to a scheme which would
compel farmers and other people of the outside
district to pay this tax for the especial benefit
of San Francisco, but the real effect of this
scheme will be not only to burden the farm
ers of the State with a 10 per cent raise in their
taxes, but also to add 10 per cent to the taxes
of San Francisco. Therefore, as before stated,
this pledRe made by the Democratic party
ought to defeat every candidate nominated for
the Assembly and Senate by the Democrats of
this State.
The pledge to which Governor Gage re
fers should eurely defeat Mr. O'Connell,
the Democratic nominee for the State
Senate In the Twenty-fifth Senatorial Dis
trict and cause the election of J. H. Nel
son, the Republican candidate. Hundreds
of families, many Industrial establish
ments, stores and workshops of this dis
trict, which embraces a vast frontage on
the bay, are sustained by the wages of
workingmen. If the tolls were abolished
the employment of labor to keep the
wharves in repair would be abolished.
The Democratic nominee may back and
nil at home on matters concerning his
district, but If he gets into party caucus
of the Legislature he will have to stand
by the pledge of the State platform.
Phelan will be there, if necessary, to
watch him.
SpecUl Dispatch to Th« Call.
REDWOOD CITY. Nov. 3.— The last
great Republican rally before
election in this city was held to-
night and participated la by mv
eral thousand voters. In tha Alhambri
Theater Eugene F. Loud, the candidata
for Congress from this district, was givea
an ovation such that left no doubt where
the voters stood on the- Congressional
fight. Hla speech was listened to with at
tention and often interrupted with ap
plause. Mr. Loud Is well known to tn«
people of Redwood City and from th© en
thusiasm that greeted his appearance here
to-night It la safe to say that he will re
ceive the support of all Republicans ana
gain many Democratic votes.
Before the meeting was called to order
the city presented a lively appearance,
there being a bonfire on every corner of
the main streets. The roar of anvils
broke the stillness of the night. Tha Al
hambra gathering was called to order by
District Attorney Bullock, who Introduced
Mr. Loud as the first speaker. The Con
gressman discussed tha Issues of the cam
paign, laying particular stress upon the
phantom issue, "imperialism." put fortli
by the- Democratic party. He called at
tention to the prosperity that this country
has enjoyed under Republican rule, con
trasting it with the "hard times" of the
period between 1893 and 1S37. He said that
the free coinage of silver at the ratio o£
16 to 1 was the paramount Issue under the,
Democratic platform, though the Bryan
ites would not admit It.
Attorney General Tirey L. Ford dosed
the meeting with a rousing speech.
Friends Won h,y
the Republican
. Nominee.
Election of Seven Republican Con
gressmen in This State Is
Predicted.
California.
Judge Waymire Wires the Presi
dent Forecast of Result in
REPUBLICAN VOTERS
AWAIT THE VICTORY
THOUSANDS
HEAR LOUD
Closing Meeting
in Redwood
City.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, NOVEMBEB 4, 1900.
FERVID ORATORY, BLARE OF BRASS AND GLARE OF ROCKET END CAMPAIGN
Voters Must Sign Their Names.
Registrar Walsh was busy yesterday In
structing thirty deputies who will have
supervision of the election booths next
Tuesday. Walsh particularly cautioned
the deputies to Insist on every voter writ-
Ing his name before being allowed to de
posit his ballot. This Is necessary under
the Smith law to permit of the vote being
allowed. In case the voter cannot write
his name he Is to make his mark and the
name Is to be signed by an election of
ficer. This afternoon at Metropolitan Hall
the Democratic election officers will be
Instructed as to. the conduct of the elec
tion by the Democratic County Commit
tee.
24
ADVERTISEMENTS.
SENT FREEToIehT
A Most Remarkable Remedy That
Quickly Restores Lost Vigor
to Men.
A Free Trial Packag-e Sent by Mall
to All Who Write.
Free trial packages of a most remarka-
ble remedy are being mailed to all who
•will write the State Medical Institute
They cured bo many men who had bat-
tled for years against the mental and
physical Buffering of lost manhood that
ihe Institute has decided to distribute
tree trial packages to all who write. It
is a home treatment, and all men who
suffer from any form of sexual weakness
resulting from youthful folly, premature
loss of strength and memory, weak back,
varicocele or emaciation of parts can now
cure themselves at home.
Tbe remedy has a peculiarly grateful
effect vt warmth and seems to act direct
to the desired location, giving etreneth
and development Just where it Is needed
It cures all the ills and troubles that come
from years of misuse cf the natural func-
tions and has been an absolute success in
all cases. A request to the State Medical
Institute. S2S Elektron building. Fort
"Wayne. Ind., ststlng that you desire one
of their free trial packages, will be com-
piled with promptly. The Institute Is de-
eirous of reaching that great class of men
¦who are unable to leave home to be treat-
ed, and the free sample will enable them
to see how easy It is to be cured «» sex-
ual weakn«>ss when the proper remedies
ere employed. The Institute makes no re-
strictions. Any man who writes will be
sent a free sample, carefully sealed in a
plain packaee, so that its recipient need
have no fear of embarrassment or public-
ity. Readers are requested to write wlth-
out delay. __^__
S««rr OH. JORDAN'S ok«J
{MUSEUM OF ANATOMY?
¦V 9 193)U2XXT6T.ttt.&i?SL.S.r.c&4
\ Sg The Larcot Atttdsiatl Museum in tbe
M V.'citd. Weafcncfc** or n*y contracted <
? S3 £Za <J«»se f«»lt«»«-lre«»r«>dt)y the oldeit '
j* A ffgf A OR. JORDtti-fRIUTE DISEASES i
\ f (•fcj^R tcn«ultttion free *r.d strict!* prirate
u I Irw? n f™ l " D ' ent p«*on»!'y «w t>y lwi«. a i
V fl ar c» M /-twrtvc Cwr< in every c»»e undertaken. '
ASi H llfl» Write for Bock. PBILOCOPBV.ri
V I If IT BABMIACE, KtlUO FR&B. (Al
X A III' »»lf tt&ie book for ora/
7 OB. JORB/.X A CO.. lOil Market St., 8. F. ' '
It ADWA Y'S KEADY BELIEF has stood
unrivaled before the public for CO years aa a
Pain Remedy. It instantly relieves and Quickly
cure* *.!1 CDlda, Sore Throats. Influenza, Bron-
chitis, Pneumonia, Rheumatism, Neuralgia.
Headacbe, Toothache and all pales. Internally,
tor U&lfiria and &U Bowel Pains. All dnirifets.
At m. recent votinr contest It waa unanimous-
ly- decided that there waa nothing : better " on
icarth than the "American" cle»r Hatu* dear,*
POLITICAL CANDIDATE.
M. McBRIDE,
Republican candidate for the As-
sembly in the 30th Assembly Dis-
trict, was born 54 years ago in
Massachusetts. He has lived and
done business in San Francisco
since: 1 876, and is worthy of the
support of the voters of the 30th
Assembly District.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
>^^^^^ Prof. Jules Laborde's Marvelous
French Preparation of
Jjf \ "CALTS-iOS"
PP £Z&^ d Lost iyianll0Od '
\1 —^ik I u " ® Days 1 Treatment
By Sealed i^laila
no C.O.D.OR DEPOSIT SCHEME.
Every person who Is a sufferer from nervous shrunken parts. This spedfilc, remedy wlu
Ilsea3es should write the Von Mohl Co., Cin- cure you at any stage before ephepsv resralW,
clnnatl, Ohio, at once, and accept their offer with ensuing consumption analnsanity. cai-
of a fl ve days* trial treatment free of charge, thos" goes directly to the scat of the trouble.
This Is no d O. p. or DEPOSIT scheme but a no matter of bowion* standing, and the _pa-
liberal proposition made to unfortunate suf- tient feels the benefit of the first day*3 treat-
ferersbytb.i3long-establl.shed concern. which ment. In five days the medicines seat Xreo
is tho largestimportor of specifics for nervous will make you feel like a new man.
and sexual diseases in the world. The Von Mohl Co. often receives the most
. H° u er l° P. lace this wonderful treatment snonsible advertisers are using * 4 made-trp'*
j In the hands of every person who suffers the testimonials, but tho Von Mohl Co. lnvaria-
mental and physical anguish of sexnal weak- fcly declines to make public the names or cor-
ness. The \ on Aiohl Co., hasdeclded tosenda refpondence of any patients who hare been
free trial treatment to all who write at once. £,Ved b y "CalthosO"
? „ S! ifsent by mall In a plain pack- Five days* treatment will be placed in your
age.andthereisnopubllcttylnreceivingitor nan ds free of cos*, and you are earnestly
ff o f-Si^•^ C 2 mpa ?y ln ? thomed ic 1 ne there urge d for yonrown sake to send for It wlth-
| ii?ri t,SVi 2™ 5 l . a n * an P a S? lor y_ ou to out delay. Write to day and send yonr ad-
« a t d - e the medicine privately with per- dre3S . It is not necessary to give embarrasa-
feet safety, and a sure cure is guaranteed. i ng details of your symptonsf Tho book ac-
Lost vitality creeps upon men unawares, companylng the five days' treatment will en-
Do not deceive yourself or remain In igno-' able you to take the medicine In private and
ranee while you are being dragged down by treat yourself successfully at home. » It costs
this insidious disease. No matter what the nothing to try this remedy. It may costyou
cause may be, whether early abuses, excesses a great deal more to le#thls offer sroby. 'W r Hta
or overwork and business cares, the results today. Address THETON MO HI* CO. *8»B.
are the same— premature loss of strength and CINCINNATI, OHIO. Largest Importers oi
\ memory, emissions, Impoteney, varicocele and Standard Preparations In tno United SUM*Crossed Wires Cause a Blaze in the
FIRE ON THE OAKTiATTD.
Engine Room.
9 Oakland Office San Francisco Call.
fc 1118 Broadway, Nov. 3.
C The cry of fire on the lower deck of th©
.ferry-boat Oakland on the 6:30 o'clock trip
• from San Francisco to Oakland this even
•ing very nearly started a panic. The cool
*ness of some of the passengers and tha
.officers soon allayed the fright, and the
•passengers aided In extinguishing the flre.
•which was caused by the crossing of some
*of the electrical wires that carry light
[.throughout the boat. -- , W ;
j- When the steamer was about half-way
•over smoke was seen issuing from the en
•gine-room where the great walking beam
.played up and down. This portion of the
•engine-room Is enclosed and the curious
•are not allowed to look in, as In the main
•engine-room. The smoke grew thicker
•and began curling out of the cracks of
'the doors, and then the cry of fire was
'raised on the lower deck.
b Some of the passengers began looking
{•for life-preservers, but the majority want
ed to see what was the matter and whether
i.they could do anything. The deck soon
.became blocked, and the deck hands were
.forced to throw out a fire line to keep the
.passengers back. It was soon found that
.the electric wires had set fire to the
.woodwork on the Inside of » the engine
.room. and there was a decidedly lively
.little blaze. A bucket brigade was formed
.and In a short time the fire was quenched,
j.but not until the wood work had been
wlamaged to a considerable extent.
, The alarm 'lid not reach to the upper
,deck. where the women and children were.
.and the passengers who traveled upstairs
.did not, know of the excitement below.
William T. Welcker, Who Led an Ac-
GAVE HIS LIFE TO
THE WORK OF EDUCATION
tive Public Existence, Dies at
His Berkeley Home.
BERKELEY, Nov. 3.-WHllam T
Welcker, emeritus professor of. mathe
matics at the University of California,
died this morning at 10 o'clock at hia
home, 2244 Bancroft way. He had been ill
but a few days.
The deceased was born in'i830 at Athens
Eastern Tennessee. He entered the Mili
tary Academy at West Point In 1817, and
graduating in l&l was promoted to brevet
lieutenant of ordnance. In 1861 he re
signed from the army and became a civil
*"£!"£? r - At the opening of the Civil War
Mr. Vjelcker went South and Joined tho
Confederate army. He served under Gen
eral Magruder at Galveston until tha
close of the war.
Mr. Weleker was professor of mathe
matics In the Liniverslty of California
from 1869 to 1SSL While there h» estab
lished and conducted the department of
military science. From 1383 to 1SS7 h»wa«
Superintendent of Public Instruction ol
this State. Since his retirement from pub
lic life In 1S87 he has mads his home la this
city.
A? r . of ???°, r , WeIcker leaves «¦ wife. Katr
Ad ,^ r -^ V *', cker: two 8Ons - Adair and Men
dall Welcker. and two daughters. Mrs.
Herman I. Wilson of Riverside and Miss
Henrietta Welcker.
The funeral arrangements have not beea
completed.
FBEE TO GO ON
* HIS WEDDING TOTJS
Motorman Goodwin Is Found Not
Guilty on Miss Murphy's Charge
of Embezzlement
OAKLAND, Nov. 3.— Motorman W. I*
Goodwin can now resume his interrupted
wedding tour, which was blocked by his
arrest upon Miss May Murphy's charge
that he embezzled two gold rings from
her. Police Judge Smith to-day found the
railroad man not guilty. The testimony
indicated that Miss Murphy did not make
much ado about her geroa until she heard
that Goodwin had married another girl.
Then she had him sent to jail on his
wedding day.
ENTHUSIASTIC REPUBLICANS.
Major F. A. Pettus was introduced as
the chairman of the evening at last
right's meeting in Apollo Hall on Pacific
Street between Stockton and Powell,
which was attended by en enthusiastio
audience. The voters of the Forty-third
Assembly District gathered in large num
bers and testified their loyalty to the Re
§ublican par;y by cheering the names of
IcK-i:iley ana lioo^evelt and that of Con
gressman Julius Kahn whenever men
tioned. , .
Congressman Kahn was greeted with
cheers and stirred his hearers to a high
pitch of enthusiasm in advocating his
candidacy for re-election to the oflice
which he now holds. He made an elo
quent speed) on the issues which have de
veloped during the present campaign.
"Our frieuois havt raised^ a new para
mount Issue," said Mr. Kahn. "They
say that the Republican party is In favor
of abolishing for all time the exclusion
act when it expires in 1S02. This is a
baseless fabrication which the attitude it
telf of the Republican Senate and Con
gress pointedly denies. 1 am heartily in
lavor of the re-enactment of the act to
exclude yellow la&or from these shores
and If I am your representative In Con
gress I will agree to introduce another
bi'.l more stringent than the one about to
exjire. Not only Is the Republican party
unalterably against the invasion of Chi
nese labor, but the Japanese influx has
received Its attention. I myself Intro- '
cuced a. bill to regulate Japanese Jmml- i
gration and it is a fact that for three
months past no Japanese have landed
l^ere.
"But I want to raise a. new issue here
this evening: which I hold to be the "para
mountest' issue of them all, and that Is
•get all the advantages and benefits you
can for S.on Francisco and California.'
Most Important to this coast Is the Nica
ragua cajial bill, wtilch has passed the
Jiotise of Representatives and is now be
fore the Senate. That bill comes up for
f.nal decision on December 6 and I have
no doubt that it will be signed by the
"There is another bill and it, too, is a
Republican measure. ' It is the one pro
viding for the construction of an ocean
cable from this city to the Hawaiian
Islands and thence to the Philippines. It
has passed the Senate and In the House
it will be the endeavor of the Pacific
Coast members to have the labor on the
table dor." by American workingroen and
The material furnished by American fac-
Mr. Kahn dosed v.!th an urgent appeal
for the support of McKinley and Roose
velt and promised If returned to Con
ktoes io advance the Interests and wel
fare of the State of which he Is a repre
sentative.
Martin W. Brady, nominee for the As-
F»mbly in the Forty-third district,
Tnomas F. Dunn, candidate for Justice
of the Peace. A. D.- Ix>uderback. D.~ J
Murphy and Tliomas F. Graham,. who
aspire to be Superior Judges. A. J. Dan
nenbaum. Alex Campbell, candidate for
the Assembly in the Fortv- fourth district.
«j-.4 B. K. McKinlay Were among the
FpcakerB.
A MIGHTY shout for the coming
Republican triumph from tho
brawny chest of labor— three
ringing cheers ajid "a tiger"—
rang out over the city from
Scottish Hall last night. Statesmen have
dissipated the mist of doubt raised by
Democracy In Its cry against expansion
and financiers have pointed out th« dan
gers in the path that leads to the flood
gates of free silver. But last night was
labor's night and In a mighty demonstra
tion labor made known to the people and
the world that it would stand by its ally
in the past— the Republican party. It
made known to the world its trust In the
Republican party to protect it from Asia's
yellow races and by Its approval gave to
tne Republican party the strength to in
sure it that protection It has found for
four years — protection in the home, pro
tection In position, protection from for
eign labor and protection from the ex
ports of foreign lands.
This, the closing demonstration, was
planned and executed by the United
League of Labor, under the direction of
Thomas B. Egan. Shortly after 8 o'clock
the many divisions of the Labor League
at Pine and Market streets.
The Bear Club, that loyal association of
Republicans, grown gray in the service
of their party, augmented by the Califor
nia veterans of the Spanish war. moved
out from headquarters on Eddy street as
an escort for the marching laborers. The
columns met at Market and Third streets,
their bands joined in the same martial air
and the march to Scottish Hall was made.
The flambeaux of the Bear Club were
extinguished, the banners and transpar
encies of the Labor League were laid
aside and the supporters of McKinley and
Roosevelt thronged the hall, which was
already well tilled with ladies and their
escorts. A monster dinner pail, full to
overflowing with sandwiches, was hoisted
to the forum, and to the cheers of the
gathering the Rough Riders' Quintet filled
their pockets as they sang of Democracy s
coming swamp. After three cheers for
McKinley and Roosevelt and three cheers
for Julius Kahn tho Bear Club retired to
look for new halls to conquer.
Ex-State Senator Maher was Introduced
as chairman of the evening. Aa a trades
man—a machinist— he said he deprecated
loss of motion, and would, therefore, start
the wheels of information on their grind.
Senator Maher introduced Frank B. Mac
beth, candidate for the Assembly in the
Thirty-ninth District. Mr. Macbeth point
ed out the importance of districting the
city and said that undoubtedly the next
Legislature would undertake this . work.
The Republicans, he said, were fair In
their demand for a redlstrlctlng of the
city, though the reverse had been charged
— the fact that such redlstrlctlng would
give, in all probability, another Republi
can Senatorial district north of Market
street doubtless being the cause of the
Democratic complaint. This measure,
the spea.kor said, he would support and
bring ail of his Influence to bear to se
cure Us passage.
Michael B. McBride, candidate for the
Assembly in the Thirtieth District, was
Just concluding: his address to the assem
blage when Congressman Kahn entered
the hall. Mr. Kahn was greeted with
cheer after cheer. He was at once in
troduced, though, as Senator Maher re
marked, he scarcely needed Introduction,
and opened his address. In part he said:
I want in these closing hours of the cam
paign to say a few words about the paramount
issue. The Democrats In all sections of the
country raise the cry that "anti-Imperialism"
is the issue, In Colorado and other States,
where silver is the principal production, they
claim that free sliver is the issue. In New
York and other Eastern cities they cry down
¦vvjth the trusts and on this coast, here in Ban
Francisco, at the very end of the campaign,
they have produced a new issue and tell you
that the Republican party is in favor of ad
iriltting the vast hordes of Chinese to compete
with American labor.
I ask you how does the Republican party
stand on the question of Chinese Immigration?
Without waiting for your answer I will give
you mine. When we annexed Hawaii it was
necessary that proper Instruments for this pur
pose should be prepared and therein provision
to exclude the 20,000 Chinese then In the Islands
was Inadvertently omitted. I called the atten
tion of the chairman of the Territorial Com
mission to that fact and he informed me that
action would be taken forthwith If I would sug
gest or draw a proj>er amendment. I drew the
amendment and it was passed by the House,
by the Senate and was signed by the President.
Thus were 20,000 Chinese, lawful residents of
our own possessions, denied the right to come
to the mainland of America. Do you belleva
in view of these facts that the Republican
party is going to tear down the barriers that
to-day protect the American laborer from the
competition of Asiatics?
The Republican party Is on record as having
stood as the friend of labor in another and
similar condition— the immigration of Japanese
laborers. When in Washington 1 called on Sec
retary Hay and informed him of the dangers to
this coast In particular from the influx of Ja
panese laborers. He Informed me that the
wishes of Congress on this matter would meet
with his approval and as an executive officer he
would carry out any bill that might be paased
for the restriction of their Immigration. ¦
The Jananese Minister at ¦Washington called
upon Secretary Hay and protested against the
proposed action looking toward the exclusion
of his people and placing them on the same
plane with the Chinese. Ke was informed by
Secretary Hay, however, that II Congress so
decreed their exclusion would be enforced. The
Japanese Minister then informed hta home gov
ernment of the condition of affairs and from
this action an imperial decree was Issued pro
hibiting the emigration of laborers from Japan
to this country.
Now on my own motion I will present my
paramount issue. My issue is: Get all advan
tages possible for San Francisco and Califor
nia and exhaust all means to better the condi
tion of the people of both the city and State.
There are many bills Important to the people
of California which will come up during the
coming session of Congress. The Nicaragua
canal bill and the Hawaiian cable bill are
among- these. If It Is In my power I will see
that th» cable that will lay under the sea be
tween this country and our new possessions will
be manufactured In San Francisco and thus
will some $8,000,000 be distributed among you. I
will keep a watchful eye on these bills and see
that there Is given to San Francisco what is
San Francisco's and to California that which
is hers.
Joseph Egan, a high school lad. Inter
ested the audience with a manly discus
sion of the issues and gave .way to Wil
liam R. Davis, Republican Presidential
elector. Mr. Davis expesed the attempt
of the Democratic party to make an is
sue out of the acquisition of the Philip
pines and other territory by the Repub
lican administration. "We have never
yet made an invasion of peaceful territory
for conquest," he said, ''but those lands
which have become ours by right of con
quest in righteous ¦war will ever remain
ours that our power among the nations
of the world shall stand and grow, not
retrograde."
With three mighty cheers, then three
more for McKinley and Roosevelt, the
crowd dispersed.
United League Shouts Its Approval of Republican
Party Policy at Scottish Half.
Enthusiastic Scenes.
JOINT GATHERING OF
REPUBLICAN UZAQTTES
Immense Crowds Gather at Head
quarters in the City Across
the Bay.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
1118 Broadway, Nov. 3.
The Joint meeting of the. Quarter Cen
tury Republican Club, the National Re
publican League, the Army and Navy Re
publican League and the Young Men's Re
publican Lea?ue drew a big crowd to the
Republican headquarters in the Central
Bank building this evening. Representa
tive speakers, some of them gray-haired
and some young men, entertained the
audience with an arraignment of Demo
cratic fallacies and an exposition of the
high principles of the Republican party.
It was an enthusiastic crowd that listened
to these speeches, every well made point
being vigorously applauded.
J. E. Farnum. president of the National
Republican League, called the meeting to
order and Introduced Judge Charles N.
Fox. president of the Quarter Century
Club, as chairman of the evening. Judge
Fox made a brief address on national is
sues before calling upon the other speak
ers.
"As for expansion," he said, "the coun
try has been expanding for eighty years—
ever since the time of Jefferson, the
greatest Democrat that ever lived. It is
not expansion that Is the question, but
whether it shall be contraction. Shall we
haul down the American flag? Expansion
came naturally and as the result of a war
for the sake of humanity. There la only
one kind of expansion that need be feared
In this country, and that is silver expan
sion. Silver expansion would paralyze the
Industries of the country and the prosper
ity we now enjoy. Bryan Is still the ex
ponent of free silver, and he always will
be."
"This is the fifteenth Presidential elec
tion that I have been Interested In," said
Dr. J. T. McLean of Alameda. "I voted
the first time In 1844. That first vote was
for H?nry Clay, the Whig candidate for
President. But Polk, the Democrat, was
elected. Democracy prevailed then. But
it will be different this time. "We are all
Republicans now. With our flag we carry
our principles. We must retain the Islands
and pive them th© same freedom w"e
have."
G. R. Lukens, candidate for the State
Senate, admonished the voters present to
stand by the national and State ticket.
He said that H was imperative to elect
Republican State Senators and Assembly
men in order to insure the Legislature,
and Republican Congressmen to swell the
small Republican majority In Congress.
He did not dwell upon national Issues,
but spoke enly about the ticket.
Mayor R, W. Snow closed the meeting
saying:
"I see men .-.bout me who stood by the
cradle of the Republican party. You re
member the slogan of 1S56: 'Free soli, free
speech, free men and Fremont.' You were
wise then in the choice of your youth.
Your gray hairs are a crown of wisdom
now. Thousands of young men are
scarcely halting to make their political
choice, seeing your faces set once more
toward the capital of the nation.
"The stars of Lincoln, of Grant, of Gar
field, yes, and of Blalne, have glorified
your banners. Splashed with the blood of
successful war. crowned with the wreaths
of peace, every Republican is a hero.
What wonder that young men fall In be
hind this marching host
"Nor is It In the heart of the American
citizen to live in the past. Though by the<
rule 'There Is nothing new under the sun,* 4
there mup.t always be something new4
everywhere In America— except in the4
Democratic party." 4
D. M. Delmas and Frank Freeman!
DEMOCRATS CLOSE CAMPAIGN.
\ Address L'arge Meeting. *j
OAKLANT). N'ov. 3.— The DemocratitC'
national campaign closed in Oakland to-J
night with a mass-meeting at the Expo-*!
sition building:. The auditoriuni and &al-r
lf r j* s " lvere weM fill<?d - Hansford B. Gnf-*i
nths, the Democratic candidate for Se>k-*^
ator from the Twenty-seventh District.^
was chairman. Frank Freeman, the Dem-'!
?r C vf, at . lc^ can<11dat<? for Congress from the*!
Third District, made a short speech. L>."i
M. Delmas addressed the audience lor an*i
hour, receiving an excellent hearing. Hi*i
remarks were confined to a general de-H
| nur.ciation of the Republican administra-'
tlon upon all of its attitudes toward the?
internal and foreign affairs of the Gov- !
eminent. ">
The speaker likened the conditions toi
those existing . under the Romanoffs cTi
Russia, under the Louises of France and*i
all of the despots of the earth. Then he*
Sm* . wh «her the Republican party*
xu>uld redeem its promises toward Cuba.*
He declared that the Republican party*
proposed to make a colonial eystem. apln^*
Kngland In that as It had. he Insisted, In*
everything else during the last four years *
Mr. Delmas was very hoarse and not at*<
his best oratorlcally. His audience 11s-*
tenod sympathetically, however, and an-*
plauded liberally enough to keep every-*
body In good humor. :
5 __^___ • *
HreTBUCTIONS ISSUED
TO ELECTION OFFICERS
Republicans Coached Against Mis
takes That Are Sometimes
Made at the Polls.
The follo-wir.s circular of instructions to
Republican election officers, Binned by
George Stone- and William M. Cutter,
chairman and secretary, respectively, of
the State Central Committee, has been is
sued:
Dear Sir: Tcu have been appointed as a Re-
jutlican election officer. We cannot too
strongly iir.rrefs upon you the Importance and
rtFpcr.s'.bi!:ty of your position. The people
tr.ust rely upon the honesty and correctness of
election returns.
Make !t your business to report aX your poll
ing place on the mornlns of election day (be-
Icre the opening of the polls) to assume the
duties to which you have been assigned by the
Election Commission.
If you fail to tw» on hand when the polls are
r*>ady to be opened ycur place may be filled by
thv opposition. Take no chances.
Follow strictly the Instructions Issued to you
fcy the Registrar of Voters.
Kfep a close lookout for any attempt at 11
ltcaJ voting.
Every rater must sign his najne In Record
No. 1 before his ballot is deposited. This s!p
r.i-ture should be compared with the signature
U» the registration affidavit. iRecord iso. 3.)
t3 It thai a renrvsentatlve of each political
l-£.rty goes into the booth with him to assist
Mm in marking his ballot. Do not fail in this.
If you are necessarily compelled to leave the
rolling place, make sure that the other Repub
lican members of the bc&rd will remain during
your absence.
Avoid all unnecessary d'.scnss'.ons with the
opposition. They may attempt to engage you
1:: trpumer.t to delay the procrcss of the count.
Watch closely the calling cIT of names on the
bclloi and that they are properly tallied.
\fter the canvass of votes has been com
r'.pted do not leave the polling place until you
hive eisned all the poll lists, tally sheets and
envelopes, and make certain that all returns
tr- fully eigrned by the election officers and
ppaled up.
All we desire is a fair and honest count. We
r':y on you to assist in eecurlns that result.
£an Francisco, Xovember 2. 1500.
VOTERS URGED TO MAKE NO MISTAKES
AFTER ENTERING ELECTION BOOTHS
Republican "State Central Committee Warns
K Electors Against Pitfalls in the
Official Ballots.
' Since The Call pointed out the liability to error that lurked in the official ballot the Republican State Central Com
mittee has been busy devising ways and means to Impress even more "directly if possible upon the voters of Califor
nia the necessity of care in the marking of their ballots. To this end it has caused to be mailed broadcast the follow
ing circular letter:
, SAN FRANCISCO, Nov. 3, 1900.
Dear Sir: Your attention is called to the following:
The voter can only vote for NINE Presidential Electors. If the ballot is marked with more than
NINE names for Electors NONE of the names voted for can be counted or tallied, but the ballot can b*
counted only for candidates voted for Congressman, Senate, Assembly and Judges.
The voter is entitled to vote for only FOUR condidates for the long term and ONE for the unex
pired term for Superior Judges. If the ballot is marked with more than four names for the long term for
Superior Judges, then the ballot cannot be counted for any candidate for Superior Judge for the long
term: but it can be counted only for the candidates voted for for -Electors, Congressman, Senator, As
semblyman and Justices of the Peace.
To ba plain, the voter can vote for only four Judges for the long term and only one for the short
term.
A voter has the right to vote for less than nine Presidential Electors and less than four Judges
for the long term.
Watch the ballots closely. Examine them carefully before any name is called off. This will save
time and avoid mistakes. GIVE THIS CLOSE ATTENTION. Very truly yours, »
Secretary. \
Chairman.
LABOR MEETS AND APPROVES
OF COUNTRY'S GOVERNMENT
preat Audience Cheers Speech
of the Mayor at Metro
politan Temple.
Says Posterity Will Convict Him
of High Crimes and Mis
demeanors.
PHELAN HURLS HARSH
NAMES AT McKINLEY
laws on the statute books which, if enforced,
would rid us of the evil of the trusts.
Our platform has been written by the march
of events. The paramount issue was so mad*
that first and foremost in this campaign w«
must insist on the preservation of the republic
and the principles on which It was founded.
v\e are engaged in a campaign in which an
appeal is made to the patriotism of the people:
the significance of the Issues may be under
stood when we recall that Democrats who four
years ago refused to follow our standard have,
for the most part, returned to their allegiance.
undeT the leadership of such men aj Ulchard
Olney and liourke Cockran. and that Republi
cans like ex-Governor Boutwell ot Massachu
setts, Senator Wellington /of Maryland and
Carl Schurz have appealed to their countrymen
to repudiate the policy of the administration
and cast their rotes for the Dcmocntle caas<>.
I would ask you to disabuse your minds of
any prejudice against our candidate. During
the last four yeara he has Ingratiated himself
Into our affections and we have come to regard
him as the very embodiment of Democratic
ideals, as the man who will be able to sava
the republic. He has been lampooned and de
nounced, but accept him as the man and as
twice the candidate of a great party, who will
save the country in its dire peril.
A few months ago in London town I ven
tured to criticize to an Englishman the course
of his country In South Africa. He said,
"Those words do not «It well in your mouth.
Your gcvernment is pursuing the same course
In Manila. It is tarred with the same stick."
During the Spanish war the appearance of
troops on our streets was a signal for patriotic
demonstrations. Now soldiers come and go and
we see them In silence. Why? Because w»
know they are bent on a damnable mission.
Upon the acquisition of the Philippines new
problems arose and it is for the blundsrin?
solutions of these by the President that w»
oppose him. He decided to enter upon a policy
of Imperialism, and on this the American peo
ple must sit as a Jury.
The President has decided and th9 Republi
can party Is eupporting him, that the Monroe
doctrine is a relic of the past and that this
country may make foreign alliances and acquire
territory in the Eastern hemisphere; that the
Philippine people are not of right nor ought
to be free and independent: that th* territory
acquired shall not b* carved into States, but
that It shall be maintained as a vassal depend
ency, governed in the interests of this country.
which Is the beginning of a colonial policy an4
the establishment of an empire. This radical
departure we hold in common with patriotic
men like Schnrz. Reed. Edmunds and Hoar
is untenable morally, and in the light of th«
constitution and the law: that it is at ones
both wrong and inexpedient, and that no possi
ble advantage, either of glory nor commerce,
can accrue by it to the United States.
Tht^ chapter, which Is beln< written In blood,
is the most shameful In our history, and in th*
verdict of the future William McKlnley wlli
be found guilty of high crimes and misde
meanors.
Every one under the flag Is a citizen an4
when we acquire foreign territory every resi
dent of that territory becomes a citizen an<i
the guarantees of the constitution apply to him.
The President of the United States entered
into * solemn agreement with the Sultan of
Eulu to protect his institutions of polygamy,
slavery and despotism. We have heard of tho
twin relics of barbarism, but these are the
triplets of tyranny. What a shameful specta
cle, for President McKinley to wed the goddess
of liberty to the Sultan of Sulu. It is almost
as bad as the British alliance.
Remember that up to this point our foreign
policy is only the President's policy. th* Fili
pino war Is only tha President's war. lie has
usurped the powers of Congress. He has
pursued misguided Judgment. He has made a
terrible mistake. This is the first opportunity
the people have had to speak. A grave duty is
upon them. By emphatically condemning a
policy of usurpation and shame, by repudiating
an administration, which has set at naught
the principles which have given us freedom
and made us as a nation what we are you
will have remedied, as far as you are able,
the wrong which has been d*ne— the wrong to
yourselves and to your country— «md preserved
at a crisis in its history the republic of YCash
lngton. If you fall In this duty you will rue
Ivm^S; Jni y K U ""I* 1 "* Perform it another
e\idence will be given to the world of tho
power, the Intelligence and the patriotism of
the American people.
MAYOR PHELAN was the
principal speaker at tho
Democratic rally at Metro
politan Temple last night.
For over two hours
San Francisco's imperialistic executive
denounced imperialism and reviled Presi
dent McKinley, accusing him of high
crimes and misdemeanors and asserting
that he was directly and personally re
sponsible for the death of 2500 soldier boys
in the Philippines. He made the Presi
dent out to be the very worst bogle man
that was ever conjured up, worse even
than Mark Hanna.
The audience could not have been great
er within the limits of Metropolitan Tem
ple, and the crowd was entirely a Phelan
crowd. It gave the Mayor a most flatter
ing reception when he began to talk, and
it cheered wildly his most rabid utter
ances. If he forgot to criticize policies in
order to assail the President personally,
they hurraher. When he asserted that
November 6 was the Judgment day that
would bring rebuke to the administration,
they applauded as vociferously as if they
had really believed it.
Senator J. C. Sims, chairman of the
State Central Committee, called the meet
ing to order and Introduced Supervisor
Joseph Tobin as chairman of the evening.
Mr. Tobln had some sensational things to
say himself. Some of them were these:
We are here to rebuke the Dolicy of ruffian
ism, the policy of murdering one-half of tha in
habitants of the Philippines In order to civil
ize the other half. We are here to do what
William McKinley promised to do when he took,
the oath of office and swore to uphold the con
stitution of the United States. The constitution
has become a by-word In the army of the
United States. Officers who serve under Its
authority have come to scoff and sneer at it.
I have heard General Merrltt here In San Fran
cisco refer to It as an "outsrrown garment, as
a mere string: of platitudes."'
We are here for high purposes, because we
place the man before the dollar. The Repub
lican party prophesies that the Pacific Coast
will give a Republican majority because we are
• fed fat on the spoils of war. We are here to
reflect on the price we have paid for these ani
mal delishts.
J. H. Henry, candidate for Congressman
from the Fifth District, spoke briefly, out
lining his views on the tariff, monetary,
labor, immigration and other questions.
He asserted that the war against the Fili
pino insurgents was being waged at the
instance of the trusts under the lead of
Mark Hanna. H_e believes In a protective
tariff, and thinks the party does, but it
must be levied for the benefit of the many
and not for the few.
Chairman Tobin desired to say a word
in honor of a man who. breaking away
from influences as strong as steel, "has
come out strong for what he conceives to
be the right—Mr. John J, Valentine."
That Is the way he said it. He /aid more
about Mr. Valentine, and the audience
cheered frantically.
Mayer Phelan spoke In part as follows:
Ladles and Gentlemen: After an absence of
about a. year from this hall It gives ma great
pleasure to return to discuss national Issues.
I ventured a prophecy a few weeks ago that
California would cast its electoral vote for Wil
liam J. Bryan. The chairman of the Republi
can State Central Committee offered to wager
$100,000 that It would not be so cast. We put
men against dollars, and do not take the risk
of losing our votes through a violation of the
law.
The flippancy of the press and the usual atti
tude of the people Is out of placa In this cam
paign, the object of which is to re-establish
the republic on its ancient foundation.
The Republican party has constructed its
platform not to stand on. but to get In on. I
hav<» found bucollo orators assert that the Re
publican party Is opposed to trusts. *W» have
X""*^ XTTZENS of the Forty-first Ab
m sembly District, irrespective of
1 • » party, should make special effort
|J X In this campaign to place Dibble
on the shelf until he reforms. He
never goes to Sacramento without get
ting mixed up in some sort of legislative
scandal that reflects discredit on the
Forty-first District and injures the Re
publican party. He has never been a rep
resentative of the people. He belongs to
the Southern Pacific In making returns
for assessment to the State Board of
Equalization the company does not in
clude him in its franchises or rolling
rtock, but he is the property of the cor
poration all the same and ought to be
taxed as Euch.
Republicans should bear in mind that
Dibble has no right to claim the paxty
rorair.ation. If the Supreme Court had
rot overthrown the primary election ho
would have been beaten out of sight.
This fact Is well known to the taxpayers
and property owners of the Forty-first.
"When the protection of law was removed
and Democrats were permitted to vote at
the open primary Dibble with the assist
ance of Kelly. Crlmmius and Rainey se
cured a delegation favorable to his nom
ination. He counts on the popularity of
the national Republican ticket to pull
him through next Tuesday. He knows
that the foremost Republicans of the dis
trict are opposing him, but he relies on
getting: 60 per cent of the Republican
party vote.
If the Republicans of the district will
take time to fairly review DibDle's past
and present affiliations with the bosses,
his scandalous conduct in the Legisla
ture, his attitude toward General w. H.
L. Barnes and Irving M. Scott In the long
Senatorial contest, they will place him
on the shelf next Tuesday. He refused
to give General Barnes or Mr. Scott the
simple compliment of a single vote. In
explanation of his refusal he declared
time and again that the citizens of the
Fortv-tlrst had expressed a preference
for Dan Burns and he was loud in utter
ing: the cry, "Burns or no Senator." The
welfare of the Republican party was
nothing- to him then, but now he is pro
fessing: loyalty to tha party and appeal
ing: to Republicans for support. He la
beginning to think that the bosses can
not save him from defeat.'
Affiliation With Boodlers and Atti
tude in Senatorial Contest
Renewed.
His Career Has Been Productive
. of Too Many Legislative
Ov^dl IVJCllo.
BOSSES IAY NOT BE
ABLE TO SAVE DIBBLE
AND NOW ARE THE ELECTORS READY FOR THE GREAT BATTLE OF BALLOTS
THE- SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, NOVEMBER 4, 1900.
OAKLAND, Nov. 3.— Licenses to marry
were Issued to-day to Marian Souza Bal
|tlzaTj"23,'and Mary C. Souza, 19, Oakland;
Asa S. F. Frew, 24, and Lilian G. Nichols,
,18, Oakland: Warren Joseph Stewart. 23.
,and Emma Elizabeth Love, 26, Oakland;
Hermann Buttner, 29, Stockton, and Net
tle Wiley. 22, Haywarda.
Licenses to Marry,
Funeral of Mrs. Amalie Thee.
BERKELEY, Nov. 2.— The funeral of
Ihc late Mrs. Amalie Thee was held this
afternoon from the family residence. 2434
College avenue, and from the German
Lutheran Church In Oakland. The de
ceased ¦was the widow of the late P.I*
Thee and mother of Agnes D. Thee. Mrs.
E. H. Blmonda and Mra. Huso Storch.
Drug Thieves Are Booked
David Mck'ean. William Gerran and
David Davis, t!io three men accused oZ
BystemaUcally robbing Mack & Co..
the wholesale druggists, were booked at
the City Hrlior. yesterday on the charge
of receiving; stojen propertv. The police
crpect soon to have "Ike'"' Muller, an
other of the gang.
I Alameda Democratic Wind-Up.
ALAMEDA. Nov. 3.— The Alameda*
Democrats held their final and largest
meeting of the campaign in Armory Hall*
to-nlcht. M. P. Tarpey presided. The
principal speakers were JV J. Valentine:
and 1< rank Freeman, candidate for Con
gress from the Third Congressional Dis-*
trlct. The attendance was large and much"i
fnthusiasm was shown. ' *
Mexican War : Veteran Dies.
|- OAKLAND. Nov. 3.— Peter J. Lynch, a
{.Mexican War. veteran and for thirty-rive
Lyears a resident of Oakland, died yester-
Lday at his residence. 721 Filbert street
{.The funeral will be held to-morrow after-
Lnoon at 2 o'clock from that place The
..deceased veteran was 75 years of age His
f. widow, a son, Frank Lynch, and a daueh-
S.ter,' Miss ; Bessie Lynch,- survive.
Bear Club Banquet.
The members of the Bear Club held a
banquet at 136 Geary street after, the par
ade last night.' The boys were nearly all
composed of ex-members of the . First
Regiment of California Volunteers. As
they eat down at the long tables they pre
sented a very natty appearance In their
khaki suits. The menu was very choice.
After the repast the boys were enter
tained with songa and recitations until a
late hour.
Captain G. Kuerr. who commands tho
Drill Corps. 1 took the head of the table
He was assisted In entertaining the boys
by Lieutenants J; Hyer and A. E. Ander
son. ¦
The officers of the club are: President
O. W. Collins; vice presidents. J. D.
Brown and Richard D. Faulkner: treas
urer, Oscar Tolle; secretary, N. «E. Mason.
The Bear Club will be tendered a ban
quet by the members of tho Allianc* Club
of Oakumd en Mttt^t*-
THERE will be McKinley -weather— fair and bright— in this
State on election day. It is 5 to 1, the McKinley odds, that
next Tuesday will be a fair day, according to the opinion*
of the prophet who studies the moods and vagaries of the
weather on the .summit of the MUls building. G. H. Willson, of
the local weather: bureau, who ventures on the prophecy, says
that, while it is a bit too early to forecast Accurately, the indica
tions are favorable to a smiling Tuesday. The records show that
in the past twenty-nine years the average number of rainy days
in November has been seven. The greatest number of such
days in the month of record in any' one year was twenty-one,
in 1885, while in 1890 there was no rain on any day in November.
There were no indications of rain last evening.
Mrs. Margaret J. Newhall Dies. J
Margaret J. Newhall. relict of Henry M.-
Newhall. founder. of the firm of Newhair
& Co.. died last night at her home. -1299*1
Van Ness avenue. She leave* a family*
of five sons— Henry G., W. Mayo. Edwin*
W.. 'Walter S. and George w. — all of*i
whom are well known in commercial clr-*
cles. <
DAUGHTERS ASK FOR
DISSOLUTION* OP TRUST
OAKLAND, Nov. 3.— The daughters of
the late Mr. and Mra. B. F. Dunham,
Misses Mary Christina Dunham. Flor
ence Ethel Dunham and Ruth A. Dun
ham, have petitioned for the dissolution
or the trust whereby Mrs. Dunham con
veyed to her husband the family residence
at the southwest corner of Alice and
Durant streets. In the petition It la set
forth that Mrs. Dunham conveyed tha
property to her husband In trust for
their three daughters In March, 1SS4, the
trust to terminate when the youcsreat
daughter attained h«r majority. Miss
Ruth Dunham attained her majority In
January last. In accordance with tho
provisions of the trust, they wish the
property distributed for their benefit.
Prophet Willson Expresses Belief That Mc-
Kinley Weather Is Likely to Prevail
CHANCES FIVE TO ONE
FOR FAIR SKIES TUESDAY
25Mr. and Mrs. Uriel J. Tuska and family
have moved from 1630 Ellis street to 14(V3
Flllmore street. At home Saturday after
noon and evening, November 24.
-i^lii?! 511 ?- Ge °rs« Alexander (neo Da-
a 1 "*^ 1 P' 6 **^ tf receive their friend*
?^??v^~ November 11. at their residence.
1045 O Farrell street, between 2 and 5 p. in
have moved from 1947 Pine street to the
Hotel Berkshire. '*-.-- i\-> ,- ¦-'..• • ¦
Dr. T. v H. Morris has • returned from
Denver and Colorado SprlngB..
Mf.attd Mrs.' S.- Morris have' moved to
816 •> First avenue, between Fulton and
McAllister streets. • At ¦ home Mondays.
Mrs. J. D. ¦ Fraser. an old resident of
this city, left San Francisco on Saturday
to join her husband In Hawaii, where they
will reside permanently.
Miss Cleraanc* Frank / haa removed
from 1230 Post street . to 1«1 O"Farrell
street. • • • .
Mrs. Georgre M. teilerer left Sunday last
for Philadelphia and New York.
Angeles, en route to San Diego and Coro
nado Beach, where they will, remain dur
ing the coming winter.
Mrs. B. H. Lichtensteln and Miss Mabel
Lichtensteln of 1208 Geary street have re
turned to -San- Francisco after an< ab
sence of sir months: • ---v '¦"
Mrs. Philip Peek and the . Misses Peck
Home Gatherings.
A colonial party was Riven by the Ane
mones Saturday. October 27. at the home
of Miss F. Burger. 340 t'tah street. The
members were all attired In hajidsome
snd attractive colonial costumes. After
ppcndlng several hours in music and danc
tag all partook of a genuine colonial sup
p<?r. M!ss A. McNulty was awarded llrst
prize for the most correct and handsom
est costume. Those in costume were:
Miss F. Burgrfr. C. Furlong. Miss F.
Greeninsrer. F. McNulty. Miss J. Greenin
per J McNuJty. Miss A- McXulty. J. H.
Paulson Mies M. McNulty. A. Johnson.
Mrs. Lockwood, W. Holm and Mies N.
Eundberg.
A Halloween party given by Mls«;
Mabel Katteimann at her residence. lliS
Capp street, on Wednesday evening. Oc
r<,H^i- xi The Twirlovs were tastefully dec-
S — rfHE Trwk has been eompara-
tivcly quiet in social circles.
f( I Society has been devoting
(V I herself chieny tr» Damrosch
\^—^-y and the dressmakers this
week, v.ith one and the same
purpose of shining in the re
flected light of the stars of the grand
opera season, now po <j!os<* at hand.
Every en" has. cf course, been to hear
Mr. Damrosch. and society is chatting
pally of "f.re themes" and "water
themes;" "leading motives" and "Walhal
la;" the wonderful inspiration of Wagner,
ar.d the charming personality of Mr.
Da:r.ro?oh: with frrquent intermezzos
concerning Paquin. point lace, and the
driic'.ons Crou-fitra of soft and silken
things to r" 7 - s"en for the firft time al the
Grand Opera-house^
Next week cf ooi:rse all will be opera,
but a number of pretty affairs will be
Given this week, and among them a
"Dolls' Tea" for th«* children, to be given
by the ladies of the Women's Exchange.
"The Tea" will be held on Thursday.
Friday and Saturday next at the
Woman's Exchange. Post street, from 2:30
p. m. to 5 p. m. . There will be take, a
f-rar-bag and ether good things, and all
children are cordially invited by :he new
dolls who have come to town this sea
son, and who will appear In their very
Wedding Bells.
Th» marriage of Miss LlJly Gotdbaoh.
daughter ct Mr. and Mrs. J. K. Go'.dbach.
nr.d Robert J. Wight was celebrated at
the home of the hrido's parents, San Jose,
f>n Surday. October _i. before a large as
pemblage of relnti\'es. The spacious par
lors were elaborately decorated with smi
lax. cbrj'santhfmumi and rosebuds, white
snd preon being the predominating colors.
After the cer«?mcr.y the young couple left
for San Framisco for their honeymoon.
They will make their home at 220 Park
street on thetr return to San Jose.
J. E. Webster, late of Company A. First
California Volunteers, and Miss Mar
guerite Mrtskov were married at the
home of the bride's parents October 16. by
the Rev. S. D. Hutsinplller. In the even
ing a reception was held at the Knights
of the Red Brunch hall, where th» wed
rtlna; supper was given. Those present
were: Mr. and Mrs. J. E. Webster. Mr.
snd Mrs. C. Melskov. O. Melskov. .Mis* T.
Mom. Mr. and Mrs. H. W. Caldwell. Mr.
«nd Mrs. O. J. Davis. Mr. and Mrs. A. E.
!>avis. Mr. and Mrs. J. Bellani, Mr. and
Mrs. T. Lino., Mrs. M. Coakley. Misses C.
Lopez. J. Schneider. N. Hanigan. S. Siiva.
M Hubert. H. Davis K. Hilcs. M. Da\"i«,
K.' Biglow. A. Reckenbeil. L. Reckenbeil.
M. O'Neil. M. O'Cornor. M. Klevesahl. M.
Scott. K. Ncavy. M. Hazard and L. Cau
vpt; Messrs. C. Melskov Jr.. J. Webster
Sr.. D. Webster. J. P. Mona. J. McGregor,
H. Cauvot W. E. O'Connor, S. Waterman.
K. Krause. L. Ortli. J. T. Reilly. Harr>-
Cunningham. H. R. Xewbaur. C. W.
• Mark. P. Parlay. G. W. Fuerst, T. J.
Woods and S. Katz
orated with ferns and apples. Covers
were paid for twenty. During the even-
Ing a number of games were participated
in. for which prizes were given as fol
lows: Dressing new woman, first prize.
Miss Sophie Bodel: l>ooby. Mr. Weeks;
drawing contest, first. Mr. Luscomue;
booby. Miss Doras Hitchens: donkey par
ty, llrst. Miss Laura Lohmeyer: booby.
I Mr. Pierce; shooting contest, first. Miss
Mary Hughes; booby. Miss Lou Kent.
Among those present were: Miss '' c r
-.rude Morris, Miss Louise Kent. Miss Eva
Mt-Cready, MYss Sophie Bodel. Miss Doras
H lichens. Misses Alice and Laura Loh
| mover. Miss Mary Hughes. Miss Ktta
Birth. Misses Mabel. Carrie and Josiej
I Katteimann. Jef*e Brown, Mr. Weeks.]
i Mr. Stoli. E«i Long, Mr. Luseombe. Mr.
! Harry Pierce. Scott Kent. William Kat
! telmn'nn and "F. W. Katteimann.
: A delightful "at Jiome" was given la&t
! Wednesday evening at the residence ot
i MrF. William Rogers Jr.. 155:5 Railroad
avenue. The parlors were very prettily
[decorated in green and white. A musical
'and otherwise enjoyable programme h«-ip
; ed to while away many merry Hour*.
Among those present wore: Miss \ enetja
! Febr. Miss Mnud HoL.Ttson. Mi*s L-U
WlUttier, Miss Urace Talbot. H. McDpn
| aid. Mis? Lillian Hrampton. Mh=s hdith
IGatceion. Miss Theresa l^atona. Mcs Ju
lia Hammond. Miss .Georrfe U:....::so!i.
Miss Ulliaa Sealey. Miss Amy He bard.
' M Hlcfdns Miss Editn Ifrainpton, .u.^s
bvivia Man'omni. K. liimt-r Mrs. Roger
! Chevalier; Mis. F. Walton, Mrs. W . H.
i Burke Mrs J. Sloan". Mrs. A. Latham.
! Mrs k Garcelon. Mrs. William Rogers Jr.
<i! bn < ' Monday evening. October 15,
! a reception was given to Charles
\Vils«m of Dea.lwoo.1. Trinity Coun
i tv CaL, at th«i r«t=idence of Mr.
1 and Mrs. Charles M. Jane,. 2403 How
ard Street An .--T.joyable evening was
ep«nt with songB a:in recitations, cake
! craOkins sanies and dancing, and a boun
tiful supper was enjoyed. Those present
!werc; Mr. and Mrs: William Qalnn, Miss
i Eva Qulnn. Miss Bessi- Caflahan; Miss
iB Tone Mra. Alfred Brctonel. Miss
Eunice Jane--. Mi^s Carrie . Janes M.ss
Haiti*- Janes. Theodore Forbes. William
: Hoey Dan CaUahan. William H. Janes,
' Mr "and .Mrs. Charles M. Janes.
1 Am enjoyable birthday party was given
1 to Miss VJviene Pierce by her parents at
i their residence. iSS Noe "treet. !,aturd ; iy
evening October 17. to celebrate her
1 tecnth birthday. The evening was H'<-"t
1 in music, games and danc:nr,. and at 11
i o'clock a siimptuous supper u;u* served.
, Among those present were: Mr. and Mrs.
i Charles V. Pierce, ihe Misses \iviene
Pierce. Olive Ellsworth. Hester Oliver,
I Alma Dearln. Mazio o.wperthwalte. May
•Marshall, tirade Brown. V era and
' Allen Mabel and Virgie Kice Master
Tommv Belton, Artie Ellsworth, Jack ami
Stewart Allen, Harry Pearin, Louie Barr.
: Raymond Kingsland, 3 Davld_ Jones.
! Georgie Pierce. Ernest Glacier. Fred Bur
! ness. Clayton Sehwerin.
i A Halloween "high .Units was hel.l at
! the residence of Mrs. M. B. Stewart, cor
i ner of Twenty-fourth and Castro streets,
i Wednesday evening. Manv "f the ohl as
i well as the new mystic charms were l*St
] ed with a view of discovering: ihe secrets
¦ of the future. Among those present were:
i Misses Rose Lane, Maud Mopes. Minnie
! Thomas, Anna Stewart of Santa Rosa.
I Brooxie Galnt-s, Lena Gaincs. Kitty Cra
i mer of Arizona. Florence Konr.edy of San
Diego, Opal Stewart, ituby Stewart. Mrs.
M. B. Gaincs. Mrs. M. B. Stewart Charles
Dickey, Will Alldrich. Jerry Thornton.,
! Bert Kennedy. I^awrence Kennedy, u al
! ter Cross. Charles Stewart of Santa Rosa,
Vane Harcourt. Dr. Van Zant, George
Corry of San Diego, Ralph Kennon and
• Herbert Warrinston.
V pleasant surprise party was ten
1 dered to Miss Pauline Rosenberg by her
1 friends at the residence of Mrs. Bioom
! at 1033 1'nion street Saturday evening.
1 October 20. After a pleasant evening
! spent in singing, dancing and other
¦ amusements all sat down to an excellent
! supper. Those present were: Miss Pau
! line Rosenberg. Jennie Harrison. Amelia
! Michaels. Birdie and Josie Cerf. Elsie
1 Sailor. Martha and Tlllie Stone. Ray and
; Nora Freed. Ray Harrison. Ray Harris,
i Ida Wanaloff. Dora Levy. Sarah Shapiro.
! Mr and Mrs. Bloom. V. Harrison, A.
i Michaels. A. Norris, Mr. Kalchheim. L.
Levin. F. Lewis. D. Rosenberg. R. Ros
! enberg. J. Kasper, H. Grace, EL Engler
i and S. SJiapiro.
, A pleasant surprise party was given to
! Norris Parent at the residence of Joseph
Morris. 811 Lyon street, last Saturday
I evening. The following were present:
i Misses Tlllie Bell, Ethel Andrew. Ida
¦ Currl*. Lulu Bauer. "Mabel Schultz. Edna
i Andrew. Carrie Skowran, Emily Sko.wran,
j Cassy Poland. Edna Forbes. Rosabel
' Morris. Ruby Poland, Maud Schultz. Mr.
¦ and Mrs. Morris; Messrs. Gus A. Bruck
! ner. Ed W'ahrman. .Stanley Cook. Joseph
¦ Morris. Robert Donovan, J. Bachle, Wal
i ter Steele. George Mitchell. W. Eustace,
' George L«ee, Neil Dunn. Clarace Morris^
Frank Ahern and Norris Parent.
An enjoyable party was tendered to W*ll
llam Ramena. at his residence. 489 Eighth
i street, in honor of his twenty-first birth
| day. October 13. Songs, games and dan
1 cing were indulged in until a late hour.
! Among those present were: Mr. and Mrs.
i Henrv Kamena. Mr. and Sirs. Joseph Ka-
I mena. Mr. and Mrs. Thomas Magee, Mr.
I and Mrs. George Kamena, Miss Tessle
i Fox. William Kamena. Miss Minnie
! Vocke. Frank Gough, Miss Fanpie Kame
! ntt; Ralph Callahan. Miss Viola Rogel,
: Lester Blair. Miss May Reilly, James
! Lombard. Miss Lottie Sherman, Harry
' Arndt, Miss Evelyn Sweeney, George Ka
: mera Jr.. Miss Kittle Kamena. Richard
' Arndt. Miss Olivette Trade. M. Horace
j Hill. Miss Ida Meagher. Honnan Haskell.
¦ Miss Irene Kamena, Raymond McNutt.
Miss Kathleen Weir of Sacramento. Mer
! vyn Berry. Miss Adele Floyd of Capltola
: and Victor La Grave.
j A suprjjri se party was given to Miss
Edna Osborn on October 31. Those pres
ent were: Miss Daisy Wolters, Miss Grace
Taylor, Miss Carrie McLean. Miss Har
riet Keep, Miss Annabel Keep. Miss Edith
Alderson. Miss Margaret Alderson. Miss
! Amy Coombe. Miss Ha Coombe. Miss
Irene Lacoste, Miss Edna Osborn. Charles
Massle, Victor Massle. ' Wilbur Straw
: bridge, Stuart Morton. Richard Schmidt,
I Charles de Wolf. Roy Taylor. Milton Lew
! l?on. Gloucester Willis, Verne Rogers and
t Harold Osborn.
A Pleasant Surprise.
Oscar Roesier, superintendent of the
Pacific Vinegar and Pickle Works, was
agreeably surprised on Saturday evening,
October 27, by the employes of the firm.
He was called into the. office, where the
numerous employes were gathered to.ex
tend their heartiest congratulations In
honor of his twenty-fifth anniversary of
entering the firm. With an appropriate
speech D. Batteaux on behalf of the
employes presented Mr. Roemer with an
elegant silver set. Mr. Roemer feelingly
responded. A collation was then served
and the guests afterward departed with
many expressions of goodwill to the su
perintendent.
A Theater Party.
A very pleasant theater party was ten
dered to Miss Anna Gill by the members
SOCIETY
Miss Ella- V. McCloskey, after a five
months' residence in Marln County, has
returned to San Francisco and opened her
studio at her residence, 1451 O'Farrell
street. . . . ; ¦
Mrs. H. Dlnklage will be at home Thurs
day, November a, at 937 Jackson street,
where she. will be pleased to 6ee her
friends, prior to her departure for Hono
lulu, there to reside permanently.
Miss. Viola Raphael of 1247, O'Farrell
street will be at ¦home Tuesday, Novem
ber 6, prior to her departure for the East.
Mrs. Ada Winans-Kimball. i wife .of
Frank WMllard Klmball. the attorney, re
cently returned from a two weeks' visit
spent in Ban Jose, being the truest of her
mother, Mrs. Alice E. Wlnans, residing
on Settle avenue. ,
¦Mr. and Mrs.-"WV,R. Rease- (formerly
tauterwasser) will be at home the second
Tuesday of each month at 1106C Valencia
street' " • ¦. •
Mrs. ' E. O. Woof and her granddaugh
ter. Miss Wllla. 1 Jean Stanley,- are spend
, lnar, a few days at the Hollenbeck, Los
Personal.
..The Los Amlgos Club announces an "at
home" on Saturday evening," November 10,
at Golden Gate Hall.
The net assembly and dance of the Ma
jesties will be held Wednesday, November
14, at Assembly Hall, Red Me,n's building.
Invitations are limited. Hereafter this
club will hold their dances on the second
Wednesday of each month. Their last
dance was held October 11. at which the
grand march was led by James W.
Doherly and Miss Eva Clancy. ••
The next assembly. of the Deux Temps
will be held at Golden'Gate Hall on Fri
day evening, November 9. ¦ . : ~
Invitations are out for the annual mili
tary ball of Company D, First Regiment.
League of the Cross Cadets, which will
take place at Native Sons' Hall on Friday
evening, November 16. Every effort has
been made to make the affair the finest
gathering in cadet circles history. The
committee having the affair in charge is:
First Lieutenant Frank, ,A.. McCarthy,
chairman; Second Lieutenant John T.
Donohue. Corporal Daniel J. Smith. Cor
poral James E. McCormlck and John E.
Cornyn. • ,
The "Los Amlgos Club" announces that
its opening party for the 1900 season will
take place at Golden Gate Hall, Novem
ber 17. ¦ •
The golden wedding of . Mr. and Mrs.
Edward Morris of Sacramento will be
celebrated on Saturday evening, Novem
ber 10, at Pythian Castle, this city, at
which four generations will be repre
sented. Relatives, from various parts' of
the State will be present to congratulate
the old folks on the semi-centennial anni
versary of their wedded life. *
A social and dance given by Lincoln
Lodge No. 2. Friends of the Forest, will
be held in Laurel Hall. Shiels building,
Thursday evening. November 8. This is
one of a series of dances to be held by
; the same lodge, once a month.
. The Pleasure Seekers announce a pri
vate masquerade ball, to b« held at Sara
toga Hall on Saturday evening. November
17; The grand march will begin at 9 o'clock
precisely. The members of the club are:
J. William Goetze, president; Henry Bort
feld. Dr. Frank H. Cranz, Fred Suhr Jr.,
H. L. Detjen, Peter C. Gerhardt, George
Hasselbach, H. C. HasRelbach, H. T.
Sengstacken, James . "VV. Keegan, J. H.
Witte. P. E. Talo. Ed Barry. F. H. .Ward,
G. F. Johannsen. H. A. L. Bahlmann, A.
J. Dunker, Eggert C. Peters, Fred Thode,
F. Broile. Ed Smith. L. C. Hofmann. R.
M. Mitchell Jr., O. F. Lange, David Wil
son. Ed H. Goetze. John T. Gibson, J. C.
Brandtjen. F. Kronenberg, F. Woerner,
Charles Schmidt, H. Lester. J. Hathman,
Herman Huber, H. Hencken, Herman
Schlichting, Henry Johnson, George
Christman. W. F. Krahn and George W.
Ste.ff.ens. - - • .¦ y
In the Future.
The opening baJl of the Alpines was a
most successful affair, and It has been
decided to continue the evenings every
Sunday, at Austrian Hall. 507 Sutter
street, with novelty entertainments.
A Halloween party was enjoyed last
week V>v thp boys of the Silver-street
Boys' Library Club, which is doing ex
cellent work among: the coming men of
the c!t:\ Miss Ella Holme?, the effi
cient and beloved librarian, arranged the
evening's programme, and must be con
gratulated on its eminently successful
character. The rooms were beautifully
decorated with huckleberry branches,
wild laurel, Japanese lanterns and para- |
sols, and about sixty boys were enter- ,
mined during the afternoon and ninety ;
moro in the evening. Dr. Arnold Genthe,
assisted by Frederick Maurer. exhibited
Rome remarkably line stereopticon views,
nfter which Hother Wismer gave several
violin selections. Master Smith, a mem
ber of the library, also contributed a
violin tolo. A gramaphor.e contributed
further to the enioyment. and refresh
ments were a considerable feature of. the
entertainment.
The annual high jinks of the Acacia Club
took place on the 20th inst. It was strictly
a club affair. Invitations being to mem
bers only, and was voted by all to be the
most successful evening yet enjoyed by
this club. The first part of the evening
war 1 devoted to music, when the Acacia
Club orchestra won well-deserved laurels.
Supper was served at midnight, and
the morning sun rose before • danc
ing was over. The fun was much
enhanced by the presentation of appro
priate souvenirs at supper.. Those who
assisted at ihe jinks were: Miss Emma
Thomas. Miss Freida Thomas. Miss Mar
garet Rojas, Mjss Pauline linger, Miss
Carrie Macklln. Miss Dora Rojas, Miss
Freda von Staden. Miss Lydia Rojas,
Miss Hazel Newman. Miss Bertha Maas
berg. Miss Ethel Echfeldt. Miss Annie
Sturken, Miss Mac Grace, Mr. and Mrs.
H. Thomas, Messrs. Walter Thomas, R.
Chisholm. F. Sturken. R. Moore. H.
Thomas. Professor William H. Bossert.
Rich.ird von Staden. George Bordeau. C.
Maasberg. A. Hinz. Dr. P. Burnham.
Htrman Ilansen, Paul Gorgoll and Major
John von Staden.
Mrs. Colonel J. C. .O'Connor gave a re
ception last . Saturday afternoon to the
Juvenih' Vocal Club at her residence, on
Fulton street. Fifteen fresh young voices
enttrtained over sixty guests with an in
teresting' programme. Miss Lilian O'Con
nor made her debut as h pianist during
the evening with considerable aplomb.
Mrs. O'Connor was assisted by the fol
lowing committee: Mrs. W. J. Harvey..
Lilian O'Connor, Elena Roeckel, Emma
O'Leary, Anita O'Leary, and.- Agnes
O'Connor. Mrs. Henry Triton will re
ceive the club at her home on December
1, and Mrs. F. Bond has tendered them
a reception tht» following month. After
the musical programme refreshments
were^ served and ah informal conversation
was 'enjoyed by all present.
Last Friday evening the ladies of the
Informal Lunch Club entertained at din
ner at Delmonico'.s and a tbeviter party at
the California. The gentlemen were the
gucFts of the occasion, and the fvftalr was
a delightfully social success. The club,
which has been organized over a year.
will bo extensively entertained this winter
by the different members at - their re
spective homes. **hose present at the din
ner and theater party were: Mrs. E. J.
Crowell. Mr. and Mrs. J. Ellison, Mrs. M.
Case, Mrs. C J. Lancaster. Mr. and Mrs.
O. n. Caldwell. Mr. and Mrs. O. Moullin,
J Vagts. J. Jeffries and R. Meserole.
Last Wednesday night the Mendotas. an
association located in the Mission district,
gave its flrst Jcrand ball In the Mission
Ojiera Hall. There were present a large
number of young people, who enjoyed a
well arranged programme of dances.
A birthday surprise party was plven by
the members of the C. S. C. to their, presi
dent. Edward Board, at his residence. 559
Geary ' street; Saturday evening. Octo
ber 27. The parlors ami dining room were
artistically decorated with flowers, ferns
and the colors of the club. The evening
was spent in music, sinping. gajmes and
dancing. . Among the many enjoyable fea
tures were the mandolin and guitar duets
of Mips Johnston and Mr. Scheiick. The
following wtre present: Miss Mattie
Perry. Ed Beard. Mrs. S. E Beard. P.
Bernhardt. M'ss Evelyn Greenlln. C John
son. Miss Bf-lle McLsiren. \V. E. Clark,
Miss Lillian Davles, Clayton Cunningham,
Miss Evelyn Davies. Louis Burnham, Miss
Carrie Miller. Dave Schoenfeldt. Miss May
Davis. Matthew Ebner.' Miss Hazel John
ston. Clyde Pchneck. Miss Nellie Harding,
A. Geary. Miss Clare Greenlln, Miss Dora
Archibald, Miss Belle Alves. Henry Eb
ershacher. Mrs. Wilson and A. Smith.
The "Pleasure Seekers" announce a pri
vate masquerade ball, to be given on No
vember 17 at Saratoga Hall.
Club Parties.
of ihe Every Day Club. Among those
present were Charles Ha*clhurtz, Miss
Anna GUI, Clarence Hlffhton, Miss Kittle
Hopkins. Norman Ray, Miss Kittle
O'Nell, Churchill 'Feldman. Miss Teresa
Bassity. Alfred Hyland. MIhs Mollle
MeaphVr, Robert E. Aren, Miss May Cun
ningham, Walter Stanley, Miss Agnes
HaRgerty, Archibald Dyer and Miss May
Nolan.
THE SAN FRANGISCO CALL, SUyPAY^;^]^ 1900.
26
Of the new class at Rochester TJnlver-
f ity. th* first class -in which women were
admitted, they constitute one-fourth, or
'J> out of 100. and have made It the largest
rla«s by far in the history of the Institu-
tion.
I I
I 1 To restore yonr rrar or faded hair to !'
i ita natnral jonUifnf color, with Mrs.
i Nettie Harriso.', 4-6* T Hair Restorerl
i i»ot a dye, but a harraless preparation
i that leave* the hair free from sediment. ( '
, Cleanl/ to use. No inconvenience.
1 1 JLOO a bottle, at all <Sru?gistt. 'i
!; Mrs. Nbttie Harrison, '
| dermatologist,
[ 78 Geary St., San Francisco.
The death of LevJ McLaughlin, a dtl-
Zfa of Wichita. Kaxs.. brlrga out a Btory
of his remarkable fondness for children.
He had twelve of hie own, of •whom elever
iro now living-, but at different times h«
adopted a round dozen more. . including
five orphans of one family.
SUPERFLUOUS HAIR
Ard all oth»r f*dal bl«ml»he« are removed by
1JK and MRS. A. %V. TRAVBRSE. Donohoe
l>ui!d!r-c. 1170 Market et.. cor. Taylor, rooms
S*-a nlth the electric n«^ile without pain or
scar" Permanency ru&ranteed: hours 1 to 4 p. m.
The Greatest s kin food and tissue builder.
BRAHMAN TOILET CREAM
JiemovM wrinkles by roakin* th« ekln firm.
Xt renders the skin soft.
tinooth. clear, white and -SiO!*^.
youthful and cures Pcifcon J^^V*^
I nk anJ Eczema. It 1» a . i CSjfr *^ t&S"
liquid. Ary cn-an of the JSSiKl?* -^Sfi
fii'rnulate the err.wth ot VgSJt^&V&WL
J.a'.r on the face. »rah- U^J *JfJS*
man Toilet Cream is S^r&i&S*
jruaracte«sl r.ot to do i>o. KS3kj5 : *"-^1 v :'
I Tic* 25c Brahman tfiraB&flRa&r^
Tooth PoTidfr. 3c. All fiA^WBCRSSy •~7* l
drupg-i? 18 and at °f2c« of
A. w. TRA\"EREE. M. D. Large etock always
at J. S. Pott*' Drus Co.
'ADVERTISEMENTS.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
I 0 V6f WOrkcd WOIUCH. Evidence of Mrs, Pinkham's Cures. I
brings exhaustion. . m [la box of Liver Pills. I am well now, do not tvm B
Ability to stand the strain of hard work is the privi- Kfim$ZZW% ™S 7 pei ?^i bnt^? i
lege of the healthy and robust. WSssM TcSS SSTS.J I
How our hearts achef or the sickly women that work OCltwlE Componnd too highly. I do hope every anfEerin? m
for daily bread at some ill-paid factory employment 1 M ! ha , e UeB . i J^'SXtt&SSSSSX&'SZ |
How distressing also to Bee a woman Struggling with wonders for me and I am so thankful."— MR& GENIE KELLOGG, Bex- ?3
her daily round of household duties, when her back and !"» Heights, Ohio. , g
head are aching, and every new movement brings out a "Dbab Mrs. Putkham:— I wish to«l«t yon know that LydJa E. §
' new pain I Pinkham's Vegetable Compound has cured me of painful menstroaticta ra
If the mere looking on at these suffering women %3tf8%lSZ£i2^^Z!&^^££*£gS£ I
touches our hearts, how hopeless must life be to the WO- pound enough, and feel that if all who suffer from female troubles would M
¦ men themselves ? P ut th emselves under your care and follow your advice they will find P
S rm. • • j ' " x- a j a • v • I.- v ' « relief.— MISS K. E. SCHOLTES, Mt Oliver, Pittsburg, Pa. M
g ¦ Their devotion to duty is a heroism which a well __J .*•.»» *«. «• m
H person cannot understand. "DeabMes. Phikham:— For eight years I have suffered with infiam- &
0 Can these ailing, weak WOmen, who are called UDOn »wti°no£ the womb and bladder, profuse and painful menstruation, and |
1 to do work which w^d tire a.strong man, be made to P see but^LeVf^e^^ I
M that they can easily and surely better their condition ? E. Pinkham's Vegetable Compound, and, thanks to your wonderful M
I Will not the volumes of letters from women made frS™' n£< f^&^f ?ST?' ou « medicine b Oman's best |
I strong by Lydia E. Pinkham's Vegetable Compound, T0W^ E> Littleton ' N - H - |
¦ convince them of the virtues of this medicine ? - - Deab Mbs. Pixkhaw:- I write this letter for you to publish for H
I How shall the FACT that it WILL HELP THEM he S» e nl!S!!JS? sufferin * women - L y dia E. Pinkham's Vegetable |
I made-hlain? - £*SP° U < *, h * as , d^, no me a ereat deal of good. I have takeiTthree B
1 maa ®P la ll 1 < ;.-.¦;'¦-'•, ', . . bottles and feel like a new woman. When I begsn the use of your I
H <¦ When a medicine has been successful m more than a m i i^ e T as ** x ™* able to he n P> could not do half a day's work, I a
| million cases.is it justice to yourself to say, without trying #E ST^S^ ™ 'J^ISS. SSESS fl
i it, " I do not believe it WOUld help me "? 16ft me and I can work every day in the week -and [not feel tired »— H
I Purely you cannot wish to remain weak and sick and MRS ' JENNIE fbeeman, 403 Pennsylvania Ave., Lima. Ohio. * |
1 discouraged, exhausted with each day's work. You have '•'" T T -' 1
1 I?™ derangement of the feminine organism and Lydia II "^^^^ ={1 seven yeTs w&o«?l?v^ie7liS" 1
g E. Pinkham's Vegetable Compound will help you just ed b^ two of the ver >' b «st doctors in this city. W
I as surely as it has others. iB^^P^^i^v \ f i ew ycars a?o 1 as Dothin ? but a livin ? i
1 a Read the letters from women in the opposite column Wr^^m ciuse^au^y Sjss^nd^LtT^o^oS? I
E of this paper, and .when you go to your drug store to buy %jm'Z2& *^^^^ he relieved » but never get well. Sometimes 1 5
i this sterling medicine, do not let yourself be persuaded to . qS^*i W T^ u }i get 80 exhausted and short of breath «
¦ acr.flrit. tVia rinicronci+'q nwn iraliiAlftca T»rAnarnHnn h^rnnka if ';' 1»J V fc I would not know what to do. My nerves M
w aocepi ine arUgglSI S Own valueless preparation Decause It r were very weak, blood impure. Was troubled H
B IS a few cents cheaper than L hands and feet swelling; also had leucor- 3
- 'W&k ilfess'VVv S°^ # x have taken six bottles of Lydia E. U
m ma ni JPb «r mm O l^^^^g* >A> Pinkham's Vegetable Compound and feel well f3
Lydia E. Pmknam's . Wmmif^ ™s^&z^ % zr&srss?£L I
¦ •¦ '• *- ' >'••- - rPCTRA m, loya u ' tired when I get home at night m
\ff gJkaVSOkW^BmWmmm^k M**%m%<m&%fbBWB%6vl ' " < l i,., 3 cannot express my gratitude to Mrs. H
W m &3&*3Mm9a& %^mMWWWMM%MmMMB%ma „ „_-"•- Pinkham iorwhat her medicine hasdone ior 1
,.''**;- ¦.;.-.. ..¦¦¦¦; .~ .... ...-,„ ... me."— PBTRA-. 1L; LOTA, care of L. Wolf son, San Antonio, Texas. H
<^ JPBM j#^k, J0^' ;: ' : v D rtllf A D rS *». Owlng *° *• ?fJ t^l*2 ome «»»P"a»l people have from time to tuns questioned 1
*KllOn REWARD I
w \J \J \J tas^t!sjs£sjsassiisssssi so. %sA w ™ w- •«^ 1^ |
i^^ B 1 B M jmi^M MMMTB BMB^ WM M DIM B^ —— i^l* fc- 'Ji— lllmjimmii 4
MME. IDALINE FACE CREAM
DOE6 AWAY with the use of all FACE POWDERS and lotions containing greass and
Injurious chemicals. Freckles, Wrinkles and Tan ftive way before this wonderful
preparation a« snow before the sun. It ts unlike all other face preparations. It b:nu-
tifies AT O>CE and preserves the skin, at the same time BEING PERFECTLY IN-
VISIBLE. " ;: ;
Ga to the
Emporium. y^^.toA/T^ • IDALINE ' S
where you can /# V^ % \, FACE
see a Free [// ~ Mg& |J\ AND lip rouge
Demonstration // 1^* WPTVCku \\\ ° EF1ES
f HliIjC m? LfCrnrfl detection.
daily. I r»V^^^^^ lV M\l'j : >
the test of >\-%, o^aj^ /<? A/ PACIFIC COAST
the public for NS£j.y c °nRot^ \ LABORATORY,
one year in • 204 POWELL ST.,
this store. |- "^^^ ban rKAKCwoa
BEWARE of Imitations, and None Genuine Unless
Bearing the. Above '.-Cut. ; * ' . ... VTO ARRIVE.
Steamer Movements.
United States Coast and Geodetic 8urTeT—
Times and Height, of High and &w
Waters at Fort Point, . ntrance to
Francisco Bay. Published by official au
thority of the Superintendent.
NOTE-The high and low waters okcur at the
city front <MU«Jon-street wharf) about twenty
five minutes later - than at Fort Point- th#
height cf tide Is the same at both place..'
Sun, Mcon and Tide.
TO SAIL.
Oct 24— Bark Amy Turner/ for San Francisco.
To sail Oct 27 — Stmr Leelaoaw, for Manila.
Arrived Oct 2*-Schr Robert Lewers, rfrom
Port Ludlow; ship C F Sargent, from Tacoma.
Oct 25— Bark Ceylon, frcm Laysan, Island.
ASTORIA— galled Xov 2— Ger bark Osterbek.
for Queenstowu. ....
Arrived Xov 3— Schr Sacramento, hence Oc
tobtr 2. : • • -
EUREKA-Arrived Nov J-Stmr Alliance,
from Astoria: jtmr Eureka, hence Nov 2. .
Sailed Xov 3— 5-;hr Jennie Wand, fcr , Hono
lulu.
XEAH BAT— rassed out Xov 3— Br' ship
Glencgil. tor Queenstown: Ger bark Bertha, for
Queenftown: ship A J Fuller, for Kahului: bark
Sea King, for Sydney; stmr St Paul, for San'
Francisco. - .-
ABERDEEN'- Sailed Xov 2— Etmr Rival, for
San Francisco. ¦. - ;
COOS BAY— Arrived Nov 8— Schr Mary E
Ruts, hence Oct M.
Nov 2— Schr Western Home, for San
FraneiMO. Xov 3— Schr Daisy. Rowe, for San
Franctsuo: schr. Maxim, for San Francisco.
SEATTLE— Arrived Xov !— Stmr Aberdeen.
from Ekaguay. ,. Nov J— Stmr Mackinaw, hence
Oct 20.
Sailed Nov J— Stmr St Paul, for San* Fran
j ciico. - . i' *. -.¦ . . - ' . .• - - f
Arrived Xov 3 — Stmr Senator, from Some.
PORT TOWN'SEXD— Passed In Xov 3— Br
ship British. I*Ies, from Callao, for : stmt
Senator, from Nome, for Seattle".. ¦?.,
Arrired Nov 3— Bktn Skagit. from Honolulu.
PORT HADLOCK- Arrived Xov 3— Schr Wing
and Wing, from '
PORT GAMBLE— Arrived Xov 3— Schr Ida
Schr.auer. from Port • Townsend.
TILLAMO<3K— Salted Nov J— Stmr Cleone. for
San Francisco. • . - ¦
XEW WHATCOM- Arrived Xov 3— Schr A M\
CarepWl, from Port Townsend. • " ¦ ¦ - -
5»alle<l Xov 3— Schr Orient, for Redondo. -
MOODY^LLE — Arrived Oct'. 22-Br- bark .
Elliabeth Nicholson," from Shanghai.
BANDON— Sailed | Nor 3-Schr Jo^ph f and
Henry, for San- Francisco. :
FOREIGX PORTS. ,
BIRKENHEAD — Arrived Nov. J— Br ship
Primrose Hill, hence June 7. " .
ANTWTERP— Ealled Oct 31— Russ ship Har
! blnrer,- for San Francisco. V" 7 " ' ¦ - :
I fALMOUTH— Sailed . Xov 2— Ital berk - Pre
cursore, for Liverpool.
NEWCASTLE AUS-Sall-d Oct »-Nor bark
Lady Palmerston, for Panama. ¦
SANTA ROSALIA-Sailed Oct 1J— Ger sh«p
Marpo. fc-r Oregon. Oct 13 — Br ship Arden
crals. for Oregon. "-
YOKOHAMA— Sailed. Xov 3— Br stmr Doric
for San Francisco.;
OCEAN STEAMERS.
NEW TORK— Arrived Xov S— Stmr Bulgaria,
from Hamburg-: stmr City of Washington, from
Vera Crux; stmr Lady Armstrong, from Stet
tin; stmr Richmond Castle, from Yokohama;
stmr Ean Juan, from Porto Rico: itmr Myrtle
Dene, from London (proceeded to Philadelphia);
stmr Meroator. from Progreso. • ¦'.:¦
Sailed Xov 3 — Stmr Menoxninee. for London;
stmr Soaarndam. for Rotterdam; stmr Cam
pania, for Liverpool: etmr Sardinia, for Glas
gow; stmr Furn#j*la, for Glasgow; etmr Graf
Waldersee, for Hamburg, via Plymouth and
Cherbourr.
Arrived Xov 3 — Stmr St Paul, from South
ampton and Cherbourg. • ¦ . -.
MAJI— Arrived Oct 7%— Stmr Inverness, from
Tacoma. fcr Manila, for coal.
LIVERPOOL— Arrived Nov 3— Stmr Taurlc,
from Xew York.- -
Sailed Xov 3 — Stmr Lucania. for Xew Torlc
ANTWERP— Sailed Nov 3— Stmr Western
land, fcr New York.
HAVRE— Palled Nov 3— Stmr La Champa gna.
for New York. .
CHERBOLTRG— Sailed Xov S— Stmr St Louis.
from Southampton, for Xew York.
ware, 60 cs toys. 1 cr bicycles, 1 cs photo
eoods. 4 cs typewrltere, 245 pitta pipes and
stings, 22 pkge groceries and provisions. s35
cs canned goods. i cs dry goods, 25» bbls flour.
S9 bbls extracc
For China— 1 cr bicycles. 3 cs photo goods,'
22.750 bbis Sour.
For Manila— 225 cs wine, 160 cs varnish. IS cs
turpentine, 1 pkg machinery.
Notice to Mariners.
GRATS HARBOR. WA.SHIXGTON
XotlcmflB hereby given that the Grays Har
bcr lnder buoy, & t!ack ar.d white f«rpeu
dicularly atriped first-class nun. has gone adrif t
from Its moorings and will be replaced as earir
as practicable.
This notice aiects the "List of Beacons and
Buoys, Pacific Coast, 1S00," page 6S.
By order of th« Lighthouse Board.
W. P. DAT.
Cottiiaiw. tJ. S. X.. Ll^htiiouse Inspector.
Notice Ss hsreby given of -the following
| changes in the aids to navigation In this dis
| trlct. which affects the "List of Llghta and
x"cg Signals. PaciSc Coast. 1S00":
Ewan Island bar lower pest light. Willamette
River, pace 30. >Tc. 123 i "List of Beacons and
Buoys, Paeifis Coast. 1SCV pace 60). This
three-pile beacon, frcm which a fixed white
i'.ght is shown c-n the lower end of Sand Isl
and bar, Willamette River. Oregon, that was
carried away on the list or October. 1900. an*l
the light extir-jruisheo". has been replaced and
the light re-estatiished.
The following affect* the -List of Beacons
and Buoys, Pacific Coast. 1&00." page E9:
Willamette River, channel to Portland—Post
oCee bar buoy Xo. 4. a red.- Crst-class spar,
is reported dragged from Us petition on Post
office / bar (upper), and will be replaced e»
early as practicable.
By order cf ifce Lighthouse Board.
ll "W. P. DAT.
Commander. IT. S. XV lighthouse Inspector.
Shipping Intelligence.
ARRIVED
Saturday, Xorember S.
Stmr Corona. Glelow, 6u hour» troin San
Ditffo.
Strr.r Pcmt Arena. Hansen. U hours from
Mendociao, etc
S:rcr Coqullle River. Thompeon. <H days
frcm Grays Harbor. *-~— a =s»
Ptmr I^qua. Bash. 26 hours from Eureka.
Stmr Scotia, Walvi?. 20 houn from Rockport.
Stmr Santa Cruz, Hinkie. 24 hours from Port
Harford.
ttrcr Umatnia, Cousins, 6S hours from \Hc
tcria and way i>crl».
Nor stmr Universe. Erenes, 39 days from
Taku. via Nafe-aiakl 2S days, via Kobe 26 days.
Jap itiar Hongkong Maru. Filmer. 25 days
14'-- hours from Hongkong, via Yokohama IS
days 6 hours, via Honolulu 5 days 20% hours.
Schr Mary Etta, Anderson. 14 hours from
Flslsentans Bay.
CLEARED.
SAILED.
Saturday, November 1
Etiar Columbia, Doran. Astoria; Oregon Rall
roafl and Xit Co.
Stair Pomona. Shea. Eureka.; Goodall, Per
kins & Co.
Ncr BtBr B»rg-er.hu«. Sver.dsen. Portlaad. Or.
Yokchania and Hcngrkocg; Cal & Oriental S S
Co.
Xcr rtmr,.TeIlu«. Pe-iersen. Chemalnus; R
Dunsmulr'i Sons Co.
Br «trr.r Gaelic. Finch. Honolulu, Yokohama
and Hcr.rkor.ff; O 4 O S S Co.
Saturday. Xoveniber 2.
Stmr Samoa. Jacobs. .
Etmr Rainier, Hansen. Seattle.
Stmr Cocs Eay. Nopander, Saa Pedro.
Siinr Willamette. Hansen. Seattle.
Stmr r>el Korte. Allen. Astoria and way ports.
Stmr Crescent City. StockCeth. Crescent City.
Br stmr Gaelic. Finch, Honolulu, Yokohama
and Hcrgkons.
Ship Occidental. Watklss. Seattle.
Shlr> i-partan. Polite. Melbourne.
Br rh'D Actmas. Xelson. Queenstown.
Schr C T Hill, Llndatl. .
Schr Czarina, Wallstedt. I'sja.
SPOKEN.
Oct Jl. lat IS N. Ion 32 W— Br ship Flfe
ebfre. from Portland, for Que»!i«town.
Oct 30. lat 2S C9 X. Ion 14S JO W— Stmr City of
Peking, hence Oct X. for Hongkong:.
TELEGRAPHIC.
POECT LOBOS. Nov J. 10 p m— Weather
hazy; wind KE. velocity 12 mileo.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
TACOMA— Sailed Nov S— Schr Comet, for San
Pedro.
IYERSENS LANDING— Arrived Xov «-8chr
Corinthian, hence Oct 2S.
SAX DIEXrO— Arrived Xcr I — Schr Mabel
Gray, from Eureka.
FORT BRAGG— Sailed Not J— Sttnr Noyo, for
Ean Francisco.
REDON'DO— Arrired Not 1— Stmr Lakae.
frcm Fan Dieco.
GRAYS HARBOR— Arrived Not 3— Stmr
Nenburr. hence Oct 21; echr Maid of Orleans,
hsne* Oct 21.
Sailed Nor 1-Schn Vlkiny. Abbte, Guide and
Lizzie Vance, for San Francisco; schr John
A. for Fan PeSro.
BONXLULU- Sailed Oct 2ft— Stnir Grant, for
Manila. Oct 2^— Bark Fresco, fcr Pajet Sound.
THE Kcngkons Maru arrived
frcm and the- Gaelic sailed for
the Orient yesterday. In spite of
th« fact there was not a big
crowd on the Mail Company's
wharf.
The Gaelic's passengers went aboard
en tirr.e. and the re-P«e in the cabin of the
Hongkong- Ms.ru came ashore as the Gae
lic ives pulling out. Still there were not
many people present, and the fact is ex
plained by the Email passenger list car
ried by bcth steamers. The Gaelic had a
few first caCbfa fcr Japan and China, while
the Honckor.g Slaru brought the following
heme: A. I* Bagr.all. Henry P. Bowie.
Miss L. A. Brocks, S. Caraveila. Miss M.
A. Fester. Rev. V. C. Hart. Mrs. V. C.
Kart. Jarr.es Rarvie. Mi^s Masa Ha?e
pawa F. H. Hcpter. T Iwasaki* J. Kutr.
O. T. Marsh. V. . li. Marsh, iliss Mc-Coy,
Mrs. A. S. Rice. Mrs. E. A. Rice. F. A.
dc Rcza, L. J. Solomon, Mrs. L. J. Solo
mon. R. D. Tata. \V. C. Vaughan. TV. J2.
\V:lli£n:e. K. Yckoo and K. Yoshida. All
told the Hongkong Maru brought up
twenty-f.ve cabin passengers, twelve Eu
ropean second cabin and forty-two Cbi
r.ete in the steerage. She also brings
J-i33.<iCti in treasure and 23S3 tons of cargo.
On October 30. in latitude 2S degTees 9 min
utes north, longitude 145 decrees 20 min
utes west, she spoke the City of Peking.
from San Francisco for Honolulu. The
Hongkong Maru Is held In quarantine, and
while her cabin passengers have been
leaded sfco will not dock until this after
noon.
CHO'WTf OP ASCH BOCK GONE.
Famous I^2.dznark Blo-wn Axray Yes-
terday by the Wreckers.
Ps.5ser.gers on the Sausalito and Tiburon
ferry steamers will look in vain for Arch
Rock to-dar. The historic spot has gone
fcrever and now the water lowl have not
a resting place in the bay. Shag Rock.
Arch Rock and Blossom Rock have all
pone, or.e by rne. and now there is no
resting- place" for the shags and gulls save
Lime Point and the pclr.ts of vantage on
Ancel Island and Presidio Shoals.
The blowing of the crown away from
Arch Rock is only a preliminary affair.
The red work will not be done before De
cember. The crown went about 150 feet
into the air, but when the reck Itself goes
it will be one cf the greatest sights ever
ceen in the bay of San Francisco.-
23"ew Snips for the Coast.
Lecn Elun, the well-known merchant
tr-d member of the firm of Roth, Blum &
Co.. Is once mere back In the city. Ac
companied by his daue-hter. Miss HeJene
Elua. he made a tour of Europe and Inci
dentally cpent a month at the Paris Ex
position. While at Bordeaux Mr. Blum
contracted for three new ships to be built
i- France for the Franco-American trade.
One is to te named the Leon Blum, an
cther the Helene and the third the Alice.
Ail three vessels will be about SoOO tons
£TO£s end modem In every respect.
Water Front Notes.
The transport Latrton arrived from
Nosie via Seattle yesterday. She landed
ever 200 destitute miners on the Sound.
Car tain Monroe goes out as master of
the Prcgreso, vice Captaia Zolllcg, who
rcTrialr.s ashore for a rest.
Relr.eurar.ee on the overdue ship Carraa
nlan ¦went to Zb per cent yesterday. The
vessel is now out seventy-one days from
Hongkong for San Francisco.
KXWS OF THE OCEA27.
Hitters cf Interest to Hariaers and
Shipping Mtrchazits.
Tfca Carrier Dove loads lumber at Pert Blake-
Jey for Valparaiso, 'or crders. tls 6S. prior to
arrival: th« Deler.ier. lumber at Chenjaiaus
;or Suva, FIJI Is'.ar.ds. terms private.
Hcrchftcdise for the Orient.
The etearr.sl-.5p Gaelic Bailed yesterday for
China and Japan with a general carsa valued
at SU-,:u. rr-aslfesred as ZoV.atrz: For China,
J'JS.CCT: fcr Japan. $S2.S£7; for Manila, $22,102;
r or East Indies. STS<1: for Vladivostok. JSSil;
Jor Korea. SZSS. The following were the prtn
; c. si-.!x>:nents:
For China— 13*? &i» b*er. 22TS R>« butter,
TIOO T$* bear.8. SS*2 cs canned goods. SCO tbs
ctocolate. ::.iC0 TT* Cheese. TfA Tbs coffee. liOO
Tt>» tfrtfl Bab. C5 I** dried fru!t. 12 c« Srugy.
£CS c* dry Kood* 1 . • c « electrical goois. 13.3T«
tb!» Doati 2^ fcXB frultt IMS pkjrs irrocerie*
cr.d rro-.-lsiocs. 15 cs glarsware, 84 cs hardware
rci!» leather. rTOO Tbs lard. IS bx* lemons, 3
t iurs machinery. 13.:iT Tt* malt. 600 cr» cnionj,
3iO<t Ifc« dried pe*». 21* cr« potatoes. 2S0O tt/i
P**rl barley, SS c« paste, 72 pair* rubber bootc.
MS cj salnicn, U crs trunks, C cs t>-pewrtt«r«,
C5 c» 7 bbl» whlfky. 12.S74 gals wine.
Kor Japan — 3 cs arms. 3i<5 Its abalone meat.
4042 a*t breaJ. r7T6 Ib» butter. 150 bbls mesa
beef 106 crs bicycle* and sundries. 2145 c«
csxr.*! soods, T5-1 Ib« cheese. 42C4 lbs coJTe*.
:'jO hales cot:on. T cs drusa. ?1« n» dried fruit,
S C5 «-j«i, IT es electrical roods. 9 crs far
rlture. bxs fruit. 1SS3 bblii flour. >C pk»r»
F-ocertes and prj^l»loo«. IS cs hardware, C50
H<« fcot», 3 crs Jncubatore. K0 H)S lard. 4 cs
vl.^,*^^ c i a!r .p pxxls. 1S1 cs liquors. 90
rolls J cs leather, 1305 tbs zalUtiuZ*. « crs ma
chinery. 2>Xri kegs nails. 10 c« OIL 7J bdU paper.
SO ca paint. 1060 lbs dried peas, S7S kegs sauer
kraut. 24 li Its sutar. * cs watches and raove
mecru. 12 bb!a 4 cs whisky. ISO gals XO c*
nine. .. , 4
For Marlla — C4 crs blsyc!e« and sundries. 12
rr» bath tube. 1<> ca canned r=»<ls. 1500 Ib»
c»,m. 4 cs dry eoodJ". f% R>» dried fruit. 121
txs frutt. 20 bfcle Cour, 1C c* groceries and pro
visions. 2 cs hardware. K5 pk«« machinery.
ITCO ctb cr.ions. 27 r.kps pipe *.nd fittings. 2b
j.kifs phcto roods. 2300 cts potatoes, 13 cs sta
tionery. 14 cs typewriters.
Tcr EaFt Indies—: coils scrap lrca. 400 cs
salmon. 14 pk«s Krocerles and provisions. 111
c* canr.ed roods, liSS lbs chees*. 30 cs wiiisjcy.
For Kcrea— 22 cs hardware. 1 cs stationery.
For Vladivostok— liOO Its bops. 160 cs canned
goois. Hi Its cried fruit. Cll pkp« groceries ana
provisions. 60 f k^s machinery. 11 cs hardware,
:i cs photo cood*. * c* turpentine. 17 bdls paper,
2SS pes pipe. 1 bbl fitting*- .. - .
The Norwegian steamer Bergenhus cleared
yesterday tor China and Japan with a carso
of merchant** valued at $37,504. niaatfest'Hl
es follows: Kor CT.lr.a. 174.721; for Japan.
120.760; fcr Manila, {2C2S. The cargo constated
cr the follow}!!*:
For Japan— 4SS pkgs machinery, 7 cs bari-
THE HONGKONG MARU ARRIVED YESTERDAY. HAVING MADE THE RUN FROM HONOLULU IN THE GOOD
TlilE OF 5 DaTS 20 HOURS. THE GAELIC SAILED FOR THE ORIEXT VIA HONOLULU AXD HER CAP
TAIN" EXPECTS xO MAKE A BETTER RL'X THAX THE MARC
THE SAN FRANCISCO, CALL, STODAT, NOVEMBER ,4, 1900.
Hongkong Maru Gets In and Is Quarantined, While
MAIL STEAMERS IN ORIENTAL SERVICE
ARRIVE AND DEPART ON SCHEDULE TIME
SUNDAY, NOVEMBER 4.
NOTE- In the above exposition of the tides
the early. morning tides are -given In the left
hand column and th» successive tides of the
day In . the order, of occurrence as to time of
day. .the third time column the third tide and
the last or r! gh t hand column ; sires the last
tide of the day. except when there are but
thro* tMe*. -as fomcUmes occurs. The heights
srlven are In addition to the soundings on the
United States Coast Surrey charts, eicepr
when a minus sign <— ) precedes Jie height and
then the number riven Is subtracted from the
depth riven by th« charts. The plane of refer
ence Is the mean of the lower low water*.
27
Son rises ....63S
Sun sets ' 3 . 0s
Moon sets 3:43a.' in.
C Time Time Tine Time
2. I 1 Ft. Ft. Ft. Ft.
o II. W . H W L w H W
4... ::» l.t 1:50 To S:1S "To 10-00 ~Ti
S ... 1:06 2.0 S:» 6.! 4:06 0.5 10:59 49
«... 1:50 J.J 10:0£ .«.! 4:W -O.g n.M 4?
7 ... 4:» •.« 10:60 6.4 • 5:«— 10
JH W L W H W ' il'w
« ...f -0:49 4.7j 5:18 j 2.8 ll:Ji 6 . 2 6:34-0 3
?... 1:441 4.CI- t.-07if 3.l! 1!:15 g.9 'r.iVZ-o 7
10 ...1 UM] 4.8! 7:001 3.2| 1:Q3| 5.6 «:is|plj
Et'araer.
From.
I Due.
Matteanran .... Taeoraa .Nov. 4
South Portland Seattle Nov. 5
Honlta ....(Newport Nov. 5
Eureka (HuraboMt Nov. 5
Cleone Tlllamook Nov. 5
Manauense .... Comox Now 5
St. Paul Cap* Nome Nov. 6
G. W". Elder... Portland Nov. 6
Queen Honolulu. Nov. 6
Newport New York Nov. 7
Santa Rosa .... San Diego Nov. 7
Pomona Eureka. Nov. 7
Empire Coo« Bay N6v. 8
City of Puebla. Victoria... .• Nor. g
North Fork Humboldt Nor. g
Point Arena.... Point Arena Nov. s
Coos Bay Newport N6r. >
Crescent City.. Crescent City Nov. 9
City Panama.. Acapulco Nov. 9
Mackinaw Seattle Nov. •
Mlntola Tacoma..... Nov. 9
China China and Japan......... Nov. 10
Newburg .[Gray* Harbor '. Nov. 10
Corona |San Diego Nov. 11
6team«r. I Destination. 1
Ealli.
I Pier.
Pomona ...IHumbol<Jt.....|Nov. 4. S pm Pier !
B*rgentaus .]Chlna& J»pan Nov. 4. 10 am PJ«r T.
Columbia ..[Portland |Nor. 4. Ii am Pier 2
Czarina ...(Seattle..:....... jfor. i, 10 amlPler »
Corona. ....trf«.n Dl*ro Nov. 5. 11 amlPler 11
PL Arena.. Point Arena.. Nov. &, " ££ Pier 2
Alliance ... I Portland...... Nov. 6 IPier *)
San Benlto Mexico.. N'ov t 'ii'ml *•
Curacao ... Mexico........ x ov . 7, 19 am pier" ii
Umatllla .. Victoria....... Nor 7 n aS Pllr »
Bonlta .... Newport Nov. 7 9 am' Pier 11
Eureka .... Humboldt Nov. 7 | aSlPler "
Ptni NewTork Nov. J, l! mlPMSS
tanta Rosa Dlejo Nov. 9. 11 am Pier U
Geo. -Elder. Portland Nov. 9. 11 amlPler 24
Empire .... Coos Bay Nov. 9. 4 pmtPler W
Zcalandla . Honblulu Nov. 10. 2 pra Pier 7
North Fork Humboldt..... Nov. 11 9 am Pier 2
Coo« Bay.. Newport Nov. n # 9 g^ pj^ n
Son rises ....63S
Sun sets ' 3 . 0s
Moon sets 3:43a.' in.
C Time Time Tine Time
2. I 1 Ft. Ft. Ft. Ft.
o II. W . H W L w H W
4... ::» l.t 1:50 To S:1S "To 10-00 ~Ti
S ... 1:06 2.0 S:» 6.! 4:06 0.5 10:59 49
«... 1:50 J.J 10:0£ .«.! 4:W -O.g n.M 4?
7 ... 4:» •.« 10:60 6.4 • 5:«— 10
JH W L W H W ' il'w
« ...f -0:49 4.7j 5:18 j 2.8 ll:Ji 6 . 2 6:34-0 3
?... 1:441 4.CI- t.-07if 3.l! 1!:15 g.9 'r.iVZ-o 7
10 ...1 UM] 4.8! 7:001 3.2| 1:Q3| 5.6 «:is|plj
6team«r. I Destination. 1
Ealli.
I Pier.
Pomona ...IHumbol<Jt.....|Nov. 4. S pm Pier !
B*rgentaus .]Chlna& J»pan Nov. 4. 10 am PJ«r T.
Columbia ..[Portland |Nor. 4. Ii am Pier 2
Et'araer.
From.
I Due.
Matteanran .... Taeoraa .Nov. 4
South Portland Seattle Nov. 5
Honlta ....(Newport Nov. 5
Eureka (HuraboMt Nov. 5
Cleone Tlllamook Nov. 5
Manauense .... Comox Now 5
St. Paul Cap* Nome Nov. 6
G. W". Elder... Portland Nov. 6
Queen Honolulu. Nov. 6
Newport New York Nov. 7
Santa Rosa .... San Diego Nov. 7
Pomona Eureka. Nov. 7
Empire Coo« Bay N6v. 8
City of Puebla. Victoria... .• Nor. g
North Fork Humboldt Nor. g
Point Arena.... Point Arena Nov. s
Coos Bay Newport N6r. >
Crescent City.. Crescent City Nov. 9
City Panama.. Acapulco Nov. 9
Mackinaw Seattle Nov. •
Mlntola Tacoma..... Nov. 9
China China and Japan......... Nov. 10
Newburg .[Gray* Harbor '. Nov. 10
Corona |San Diego Nov. 11
Czarina ...(Seattle..:....... jfor. i, 10 amlPler »
Corona. ....trf«.n Dl*ro Nov. 5. 11 amlPler 11
PL Arena.. Point Arena.. Nov. &, " ££ Pier 2
Alliance ... I Portland...... Nov. 6 IPier *)
San Benlto Mexico.. N'ov t 'ii'ml *•
Curacao ... Mexico........ x ov . 7, 19 am pier" ii
Umatllla .. Victoria....... Nor 7 n aS Pllr »
Bonlta .... Newport Nov. 7 9 am' Pier 11
Eureka .... Humboldt Nov. 7 | aSlPler "
Ptni NewTork Nov. J, l! mlPMSS
tanta Rosa Dlejo Nov. 9. 11 am Pier U
Geo. -Elder. Portland Nov. 9. 11 amlPler 24
Empire .... Coos Bay Nov. 9. 4 pmtPler W
Zcalandla . Honblulu Nov. 10. 2 pra Pier 7
North Fork Humboldt..... Nov. 11 9 am Pier 2
Coo« Bay.. Newport Nov. n # 9 g^ pj^ n
ADVEiiTISZMZirrS.
Week Commencing To-Day , Snaia j Matin ss,
Nor. 4.
STARS OF ALL NATIONS!
An Important Importation. THE
Dunham Family
The WcrM'i Greatest Aerialistj.
The Famous Character Dialect Impersonator.
Debut ln Vaudeville of
..MAGGIE MOORE..
Assisted by MISS OSGOOD MOORE, and Pre- '
sentlnK Clay M. Greene's Comedy,
\ "KITTT MALONE."
NORAH~ BAYES,
A Pretty Girl With a Sweet Vote*.
DOLAN AND LENHARR
In a Xew and UD-to-date Comedy. "THE
XEWCOMER."
PRELLE'S. TALKING DOGS
Dcn't Miss Teddy, the Rough Rider, aad His
Bucklas Bronco.
HOWARD AND BLAND
The PUno Tamer With the Rax-Tline Dirtta
and the Girl Who Sings Baby Songs.
WORLD AND™ HASTINGS
In a Xew Sketch. "A DUMMY* 8 AXTICS."
JOHNSON, RIANO and BENTLEY
Presenting- a Farce Full o£ Screaming Fun.
Parquet. !3 cents, any seat: balcony, W ceata;
Children. 10c. any part except reserred. A few
front rows of orchestra reserved. SO cents; frost
row* of balcony reserved. ZS cents.
ELECTION RETURNS will be
announced from the stage Tues-
day evening. >.
MATINEE TO-DAT AT 2:15.
TO-X1GHT--XORTHERS LJGHTS."
TO-MORROW XIGHT.
Entire Week. Matinees Sat. and Sunday,
A Melodrama of the Highest Order.
LOST
PARADISE!
ELECTION RETURNS READ FROM
THE STAGE TUESDAY XIOHT.
CALIFORNIA TflEATER-SpeciaL
XEXT MOXDAT AFTERXOOX. XOV. I
THIRD EXPLANATORY RECITAL
MR. WALTER* DAMROSCH.
"SIEGFRIED."
Wednesday Afternoon. FAREWELL RECITAL
"GOTTERDAMMERUNS."
PRICES Jl 50. $1. 50c.
SCHLATTER'S
DIVINE HEALIXG EVERT SUXDAT XIQHT
(7:»). at HOOVER HALU 13S7 Market St.: »'
patients healed last Sunday night. AdsUasion
J5:cenu. .:
-M I I I I I"! I I M"V I" l"H»i I M I I I-H' M I I I I I b I M 'I 1 1 ¦! 1 1 1 1 I l"l-
CITY I |i| PARIS
S Dry Goods Company.
\NewPanne Crepe\ M
V" CrepedeParisNT"
V" Panne Velyets\
QnonioiX" Panne Satins \
Special \ \
and \" Fancy Silk \
ValuesL M !.\" BM M \
COUNTRY ORDERS CAREFULLY AND PROMPTLY FILLED #
CITY OF PARIS DRY GOODS COMPANY,
SE. Corner Geuy and Stockton Sirasti, Sai Frueissx
UNION SQUARE.
Grand Opera
u63S0Di
Maurice Gtau Opera Co.
1"l"ir©» Weeks
Commsncing Monday, NoTem^er 12th,
Morosco's Grand Opera Honse.
Grand Or-era ln French. Italian and German by
tie Eatlrr Company, Numbering Ovw
200 Persocs. From the
METROPOLITAN OPERA HOUSE, NEW YORK
Under direction of .MR. .MAURICE CRAU.
(AJso Managiz? Director Royal Osera, Corcat
FIRST wpv.tr
MONDAT, limes. Melba. Brtd9-
N'OVEMBER 12. weU, B*uenseister.
Gounod's Opera. MM. Ed. de Resrk*.
DAiiffi c~r Plan con. Bars. Sizes.
III] IFTTF Maslero and Saleza.
aiJI - ll - lll -Conductai^-51j. ilaact-
(In French). nellL
TUE3DAT. ;Mmes. Ga-lskl. O!!t»-
Waen»r*s Osero. ka * niS Susaa Strong.
«agn.rs vpera. y^
TANNHAUSER r . M^ M^r^ n , vlvl * :it
Conductor — iir. 'Walter
On G«naan>. | Damrosch.
WEDXESDAT. Mrr.fi. Nordlca, Baner-
Verdl's Opera. meister aad Louisa
Homer.
4 I r~\ * MM - "eottl. PTaacoa.
AIL/ A Journet. Mu'.iro and
Iznhart de la. Ttrar.
Conductor— Big. Mancl-
da Italian). nellL
THtTRSDAT. |Mmes. 3Ce!ba, Baaer-
Gonnod's Opera, L, 1 ? r ellt » r 1 * 24 OUtika.
MM. Salexa, Ca=5?a-
r/\UO 1 Plancoa.
Conductor— Sic Mand<
On French). I nellU
FHIDAT. Mases. Vorftc* and
Wtmer-i Opera, «?5 ll 'J? lana T ; H<rtak --
MM. Van Dye*. Ber-
LOHENGRIN sr^ a ssssr*-
Conductor— Mr. Walter
(In German). Daairwich.
SATCRDAT MAT.. JMrnes. M-lta. Basar-
Donizettl's Opera, < meister.
I IIPIA ni MM. Scottl. Ban, Jour-
LUUA VI j net jiasje-^ C r»-
I AMVFRVfflfIR moninl.
LA." V tK.MUUK conductor-Sir. Maacl-
<ln Italian). t neUL
The Opera to Be Given Saturday
Evening Will Ee Announced
Later.
SECOND WEEK — "LA EOHEME." "DOK
GIOVAXXI." "LE3 HtTGUEXOTS."
"RIGOLETTO." ETC.
THIRD WEEK— THE "SIBELUSGEJ! RIXG"*
OF WAGNER. ETC. -»
C7 Sale of seats for Single M^hts "C3
C7 of first week fce&inai Wednesday "C3
C7 next. November 7th. at Box Otilce
C7 of the Grand Opera House. V3
PRICES — Orchestra and Dress Circle. IT:
rack rows of Orchestra. %S: Family Clrcla, $1;
Gallery. $3; all reserved. Boxes. J40 to S80.
MAIL ORDERS from the Interior. ACCOM-
PANIED BT THE MONET, will recelra at-
tention In the order of their -«ce«r»t. Remit-
tances payable to order of Alfred Bouvler.
¦WEBER PIANOS CSEIX
MOROSCO'S
GRAND OPERA MOUSE
MATINEE TO-DAT (SUNDAY).
NE*FJ?AW LfiYpANY
LAST NIGHT
SECRET SERVICE.
T. DANIEL. TRAWLET as LEWIS DUMOJJT.
TO-MORROW EVEXTN'O
First Time on Any Sta«e,
A DIVORCE COLONY.
EVENING PRICES 10c. 13c. 25c. 5Oo
A Few Front Rows ln Orchestra. TSc.
MATINEE PRICES 1O«. 15«. 25*. BO«
Branca Ticket Offlce — Emporium.
UNION COURSING PARK.
Tp-DAY, SUNDAY, NOT. I
Record Breaking
Open
Stake!
128 - NOMINATIONS - 128
EVEBY HOTTND A CHAMPIOH
915OO— PRIZE MOvSTEY— 5150O
TRAIN SEHVICE:
Leaves Third and Towns end streets
0:15 a. in., 1O:15 a, m., 11 a. m., 12
m. and 1 p. m. Betnrning at 4:45
p. m. and after th? last course. San
Mateo electric cars every six minntes.
AD2HSSI0N 25c LATOTS FUEE.
CHUTES and ZOO
t *
EVERT AFTERNOON AND EVENEf O. |
TESS AND HER BABY MONKEY.
THE CONGO FAMILY,
BIG VAUDEVILLE SHOW!
AQUATIC SPORTS ON THE LAKE.
Telephone tor Seats. Park 3.
RACING ! RACING ! RACING !
1300— WINTER MEETING-1301i
CALIFORNIA JOCKEY .CLUB.
NOV. JD TO NOV. 17TH. INCt.C3rVZ.
OAKLAND RACETRACK.
' Raclnsr Monday. Tuesday. Wednesday. Thar*.
day. Friday and Saturday. Rain or shin*.
Fix* or more races each day.
Races start at 1:15 p. m. sharp.
Ferry-boats leave San Francisco at 13 m. and
12:30. 1. 1:M, *. *¦& *»* * P>- =»-. eonnectln*
with trains stopping at th» eatranc* to tha
track. Last .two cars on train reserved -for
ladies and their escorts; no sznoktnar. Buy your
ferry tickets ta Shell Monad. All trains -»ti
Oakland mole connect with San Pablo aveou*
electric ears at Seventh and Broadway. Oak-
land. Also all traics via Alameda, mole coi-
ned with San Pablo avenue cars at Fourteenths
asd Broadway. Oakland. These electric cars
go direct to the track ia fifteen minute*.
Re tarsia*— Trains leave the track at 4:15 aad
4:tS p. m.and Immediately after ta» last rac*.
THOMAS H. W1LUAM3 JR., PmlfeaU .
8. B. XILROT, Secretary _j
AMTJSEMKNTS.
IMiHilil
To-Night— 'ICABMEW"— To-Wight
ONLY TWO MORE WEEKS OF THE
GRAND OPERA SEASON.
WEEK COMMENCING NOVEMBER 5
Mond*y and Wedntsdvy Nights,
POSITIVELY FINAL PERFORMANCES.
OTHELLO
Friday, and Saturday Mght*.
POSITIVELY nXAL PERFORMANCES
TROVATORE
Ealassa, Barbaresohl. Castellano. Poletlni.
• Schuster, etc.. win appear ln
"OTHfcLLO" an i *'TRuVATORE"
Tnesday, .Thu«d»7 r Sundiy Nights and
:; Saturday Katinse,
POSITIVELY FINAL PERFORMANCES
CARMEN
Collamarlnt.- Rosso. Ferrari. Repetto. NlcollaL
. . ..-,,¦. t , , . etc
WATCH ¦ FOR • THE OPENING OF THE
COMIC OPERA SEASON. AND
"THE JOLLY MUSKETEER."
The Greatest Triumph of Jeff da Angells.
Poiular i Prices— 25 and 50 Cents.
Election returns will be read from the stage
Tuesday night.' •
•-¦'¦¦* ".-':¦• »i '"•"'¦¦* ¦ , .
ALF ELLINOHOUSE.. ...... ..Prop, and Mr.
PHONE SOUTH 770.
Our Capacity Is Being Tested to the
Vmry Walls of This Big Theater.
Eeat Bale Goes on With Great Rapidity.
THE r JK!NG
OmUM%RlNGi
Matinee Saturday ! and Sunday.
¦ ¦ MONDAT..NEWSBOTS* NIGHT.
TUESDAY EVENING-Electlon Returns
will be read from the stage— complete
service.* " "
Evenlnc... 15c, 55c, J5c. BOc and 75c
Matlne* 15c. 25c. 35c and 50c
Next— "A" TOUNG WIFE." .
SBERHAN, CLAY & CD'S HALL.
Direction E. H. Friedlander A Co.
NEXT THURSDAT „ AFTERNOON, NOV. 8.
AND SATURDAY AFTERXOOX. NOW 10,
FAREWELL PIANO RECITALS BT
LITTLE ENID BRANDT,
Whose Wonderful Playing Haa Already Created
¦ ¦ a Furor. la San Francisco.-
Entire che.?** *«f protranuna at aach. redtaL,
COLUMBIAN
TO-NIGHT,
Also MOSDAT. TLTESDAT
And W*EDNESDAY JJIGHTS!
SPECIAL PROFESSIONAL
MATINEE WEDNESDAY.
STUART
ROBSON
And Hi* Excellent Company, ln Augustus
Thomas' Costume Comedy,
OLIVER
GOLDSMITH
The Brilliant Work of a Most Successful
Author.
Beginning NEXT THURSDAT. and Continuing
for the Remainder of the Week. Iaclud-
lrtc Saturday Matinee.
SHE STOOPS
TO CONQUER
Oliver Goldsmith's Immortal Comedy.
STUART ROBSON. ...as TONT LUMPKIX
BEGINNING
MONDAY, NOVEMBER 12,
Assisted by
C* D EL 1^ |^ Helen Redmond,
Korxna. Kopp.
_^ . . -» w -mm mr s-m Kate Uart
¦ D/lflli^l Xe^ Tork Co - ln
i/XTLl 1 WjMJkJ Vlctor Herbert's
. . Xew Comic
Opera Hit!
"THE AMEER."
SEATS— SALE BEGIXS THURSDAT.
ALF ELLINGHOUSE. Proprietor and M'g*r.
Phone South HO.
LAST WEEK— Starting with -
MATINEE TO-P/\Y.
| TO-NIGHT -THE BIG SHOW, |
w?th PED KINQ of r«e
WtM OPIUM RING!
""tUKSDW XIGHT — Election Returns An-
nounced from the stage by Special Service.
POPULAR PRICES
Evening— 13c. S3e. 33c. COe, and 73c.
Matinee— 15c. 23c. 33c and lW>c.
Next Sunday Afternoon— A YOUNG WIFE*
/">I VMPI A BODY ST.,
KJL T [VI MM Jh\ con. MAaon
THE ONLY FREE VAUDEVILLE SHOW
HANLON AND SINGER,
. The Roman Ring Experts.
LAST WEEK OF " '
PAMPLINi
..' The Famous Australian Juggler.
LAST WEEK 'OP
ANNIE GOLDIE,
And Our CELEBRATED STOCK COMPAXT.
MATIXEE EVERT ' SUNDAY.
AMATEUR NIGHT E\^ERT FRIDAY.
ADMIgSION FREE. >
fTCrHTJR'C! CONCERT HOUSE.
'PIoFaccU Sylvia Puerarl. ; Cesar* Allesan-
dronl. Antonio Vargas. Adelbertand Adelaide
Frank. Frank and Cella. Morris and Claire Fez.
i . Reserved . Seats, !5c; Matlaee ; Sunday,
Judge William P. L-atrlor's career upon
the bench demonstrates that he should be ;
tept there, y" *
AMUSEMENTS.
oiste "week: oisrx-.^r.
MATIXEES— SUXDAT (TO-DAT) AXD 8ATURDAT.
MR. FITZGERALD MURPHY Presents
THS &.^>^ A
«%» BRAND a M%l
LAUGHING NEW >f All'l
SPASM OF ftftC ¥ Illl >
DELIGHT.^ M n \3 ¦• \\ \j %
& w% Ei w. ¥ UaVllu ¦
VBol B^J ¦¦> cf "Brown'* la Town."
mm llV r QFF I! THE biggest comedt
V ¦ •^^B*^^^^^ OLL rij CA?T TET.
__^^B«»»»*^^^^^ TVrfcT T ¥ r I! THIS IS POSITTVELT THE
. llU I L. I! FLTXNIEST PLAT IT\*ER SEEX HERE.
— — , • j j YOU'LL LIKE IT-OTHERS DO.
NEXT — The Royal Marine Band of Italy | usual popular prices.
-¦¦•-.¦
The OwPs
Prescription
Prices;
Our prescription prices are as low
and : reasonable as our medicine
prices. . Ring us up— we will send
messenger . for your prescription
ana ¦ return same — no extra charge.
T\e will save you 25c to iOc on the
dollar.
Palne's Celery Compound T5c
Plerce's Prescription ..T5o
Plerce's Discovery 75c
Plnkham' s^ Compound : 7,%c
Scott's Etaulslon 7«">c
Carter's Liver Pills 15c
Johann Hoff'a Malt U5c
Hood's, Faraaparilla 75c
Ayer's Sarsaparllla 73c
Baker's Honduras SarsaparUla 75c
$5.00 Drug Orders Delivered Free
. .' *- To pnilroad points within^..
100 miles of San Francisco.*
* THE OWL
DRUG CO.,
1128 Market St.,
BAN FRAKCISCO. .
Tenth and Broadway,
l; »» Oakland.
g% JOHNSON'S
\im£ DIGESTIVE
1 §yw TABLETS i
CURED HHVI
. IMMEDJATELM,
ADVEBTISEMZNTS.
A ?n 1 1 R w. iff y. .%• 1 tf,THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, NOVEMBER 4, 1900.
28
SA5 FRAXCISCO CALL.
BUSINESS OFFICE of The San Fr_acUeo
Call, corner of Market ana Third street*, open
until 12 o'clock every night In the year.
BRANCH OFFICES-*-7 Montsomerr strtet,
comer Clay; open uctll *:S0 p. m.
-00 Hayes street; open until 5:80 p. m.
C58 UcAlllFter street; open until 9:S0 p. m-
C_5 __u-kin street; open until 8:30 p. m.
1941 Mission utreet; open until 30 p. m.
2_ei Market ctreet. corner Slxteentii; open
tintll S p. m.
106 Eleventh rtreet; open antll t p. m.
1C36 Valencia street; open until 9 p. m.
_Corthwe»t corner Twenty-seeoDd and Ken-
tock?- etree;-; oyen until 9 p. m. .
cmncii *skiivici:s.
PAItK C^nsTfgatlor.a! Church. Hayes St.. be-
tween Lj on et. and Central ave. — Preaching "
• t 11 a. ra. arid 7:30 p. m. by the Rev. J. li.
Orr, its former raptor, who will hold a series
of poypfl mertir.gs every evening during the |
werk except Saturday; every one invited to ,
Join in tn«-s*- m*y>Ungs; frul.jert. morning. ;
"7Tie l_»rp<»et Words in ttie New Teflameal" ;
•vening, --»;hriFtian Heroe?"; Sunday-school
at IZ:Zj p. r.i.; Christian Endeavor meeting at
630 p. m. Everybody invited.
T7TUT Congregational Church, corner Post and
_Iaoon sts.— Kev. George C. Adams. _>._>-. ,
pastor, will preach Et both s*-rvloes. At 11
a. n... theme. "Likeness to Christ"; recep- ,
tion of members ar.d Holy Communion. At
7:30 p. ra.. th«rne. -'The Laws of Liberty."
¦All are cor-ially Invited. j
TR1NITT Church, corner Bush an-1 Oiueh ft?.,
The Rev. Frederick W. Clamj.ett. L>.L)., me-
tor — H^ly Communion. $ a. in.; mornlDC s?r -
x-ice. 11 o'clocK; evening prayor. 4 o'clock:
the re'-tor will preai-h. Father Huntington :
•will preach in Trinity Church No. i. 1^'J. at :
7:4!> o'clock; subject. "Responsibilities of j
Training of Children. " All are . utkOPe.
ST. PAUL'S Church. Coilfornla et.. near Fill- '
more et.— Rev. %V. M. BeUlT. rector; Ilev. A. |
C Wilson, nfsiftnnt; holy communion, 7:30-
a. m.; Sur.day-school, V:4i a. m.; litany and,
terrnon ar.d holy communion, 11 a. m. : even- j
Ing prayer and B^rmon, 7:4'>; week day Berv- j
Ices daily _t 1« a. m. ;
BT. LUKE'S Episcopal Churct. cor. of Vao ]
Nets a\e. an. C!ay et. Holy ccmmunlcn. « ,
_. m. Morning prayer. 11 o'clock. Evening '
_er*-lce. ?:45 o'clot-k. P.ov. T. J. Markay. re.--
tar of All Ealnt^ Church. Omoha. will I
pre_ch bclh morning and evening.
CENTRAL Methodlrt Erisfcpal Church. Mis- j
elen et.. near t?l_th— At 11 o'clock L>r. S. D. i
Hutsinpiller will con<3_<"t worship anil rr^acp J
on the topic. -*The Golien Chains That Hind •
Men to Ood"; at T:3'.'. with worship and ¦
music under the directi'-n of Mr. Robert !
LJwd, Fraricls Murphy will make a religious i
a__re«s. Setts are fre* ar.d all are welcome, j
Penitential und testimony service at S:43.
REV. J. T. WILLS, D.D.. of New York, for-
merly of this c'.ty. will preach In Franklin-st. |
Presbyterian Church, corner of Vallejo St.; ]
eerviees. • 11 a. m. and 7 :3C> p. m.; miming ¦
theme. "Weakness Inverted With Strength ¦
for God's Servicf": evening. "Paul's l_sti- ;
mate of Life." r>r. Wills will be pleased to ;
•e* old friends n& well _s others. Ail arc !n- j
vltefl. j
SEVENTH-DAT Adver.tist Church. S14 Laguna '
et.. between _lrA"i*ter 6t- and Golden tiaie ¦
»ve. — Preaching this (Sunday) evening at 7:30
o'clock, by the paster. EJd. J. O. Corliss,
eurjjpot. "The Descent of the New Jerusa-
lem." Revelation _l. AM are cordially invited :
to come ard h-^ar; Feats free.
6REOIAL m»-<-tin»rs at the hall. 11 City Ha!l •
SQuarp. near Market st.— Sunday afternnon et ,
S o'clivk. eddress to Christians; jtosppl ad-
_re*ses Sunday. Tuesday, W*dr.*sday. Thurs-
day and Friday oveninrs at 7:4J o'clock: H'.bie '
readings 1'uesday and Friday afternoons, at '¦
3 o'cl.> - k-. ur!d»r.omiria*.lCT>.al; seats free. Cume, ;
brir.j jour Bible.
FIRST <T:urr'n of Christ. Sv'ientiFt. Central !
biocX. __l Sutt»-r *t.. between Kearny st. cnC
Grant ave. — ChriFtlan Science l'.ible le«=«.n at
11 _ m. : subject. "Mortal- an-i Immortals": I
Bunday-school for children at the same hour; .
Wednesday rren_B(, meeting at S o'clock. ;
Free n-adir.g-rc.jm. 2% Kearr-y Ft., room _ 1 0. I
All are weicome.
JISPOOIATION Auditorium. Mason and Eins
cts — Ppecial m_.«s=-me«>ting for men only t->- '.
_ay at 2 o'clock: address l.y Rev. Ksther
Huntington, Eiiiscnpalian monk; s_bjfct. :
"PacceFfi in U:e." Scats free and all yuung .
m<»_ fflmaif. Wx-al t-p:j-rti.-r.« l.y M!(=# Ade- !
line E. Hirchler and Mr. t>. M. Lawrence.
CATKEL'RAL Mission of the Good Samaritan. !
Beoond Ft., rear Folsn:n— n a. a.. ceitfcrat!"n ,
of the Holv Canummion and sermon by the
Kev. Clifton Maorr.; 7:43 i>. m.. choral even- ¦
song and penr.cn by Father H-jntington of the
Order of the Holy Crrrs.
THE First Divine Science Church. M. E. Cra- ;
mer. ijastor, mei>ts eici) Sunday at 11 a. m..
In "nome Coliege." ZAf,i< P» V ent<»enth St.. be- !
tween Valencia and Mission ; Sunday-school
at 10 a m.; subj«yt of disojurse, "Ye Cannot
Serve God and Mammon."
IN Gospel Hall. Sixteenth Bt.. r-'ar Valencia. |
eddresf** on th» "Tfrnple of Solomon" are
continued Sunday and Tuet-day e^-enings at
7.4'. hy J. McDonald of Australia. Christians
si* card-Hi? invited to attend.
THE i=ratt*-re_ mombers of Household of Faith I
having 110 church afflliatione are earnestly
[nrltea na ''!:rii<t memorial ?erMi-i; nt Ex-
cet-ior Hall. Mission Ft., between Nlr.eteenth ¦
*.nd Twentieth, at 11 o'clock. £un_ay morning.
FIR5T ilenta! Frierc*- T«>rrrle me.-ts 11 a. m.. I
Golden Gate Hall; usual services; public In- :
vited; free.
HOME of Truth. Practical Christianity. :m
California rt.— 8-1 vice, every Sunday at 11
a. m. ar.d ~:iZ p. m.
THE Tlie^ophicai S-iCety. O-ii Fellows' build- ;
ing— Public lecture at S 9. in. by Miss M. A.
W_I«h. "The I'ijanishadt"; Golden Chain, 11 |
a. m. ;
MEETINGS 51XDAY.
DR. J. DEI'EW KERGAN will lecture thls
e\-enlng on "The Hun-.an H*rart. Its Functions
_c_ DiseaF*"." at Cry«_l Hall. Pythian :
Castle. S r 9 Market st.. followe<l by magnifi-
cent rtevn of "Wcnderinp ThroiiEb the
Orirr.t." Free tickets ¦__ be distributed for
the X-ray exhibition nt the Sanitarium next .
Tuesday ever.ir.r: seats fre.-; no <-ollection. |
NOTE-Dr. Kurgan will lecture to Gentle-
nrn Only n*>\i Thiirsday evening at Fri»nd-
phip Hall, Pythia:; Oartle, SCJ Market. .Srata
free.
A REAL'TIFT'LLT lllustrp.ted lecture on "Mag- '
r«>tl«>m anfl Mrdictne In Disease." by Dr. :
PtmUXacClatre. the eminent tihysio-r^yehic .
r.dept. with marvelous revelations by the !
world famous "OriT.'.al Peer." in royal Orien-
tal rr>bes. _t Pvthian Castle. SCJ M_rket st.. .
to-night at k. Soats .'ree. |
BENJAMIN FAT MILLS at Metropolitan Tern- ;
pie to-night; pubjevt. "The Bcal r.nd Per- '
ma-T.t (irendeur of These States": th? pub- ¦
lie ;« invited: more than half the peats free. :
HiF* U»-;:e l>>vln_!>ton. soloist. .
A-IR. RINH8' Spiritual P<--clety. 9-TJ Market— ;
11. free; ?-*,, Kx-: Mrs. Vi^ear*. I>r. Carpen- '
tet-. Or. Itines. olh*-r*: skeptic* are welcome; •
all t*^tp; 11 yfars In <'rusade Hall; first spirit- i
ual aid at S v. ui.
EI'WARD KARKK In Ua wonderful and fitart- j
ling occult demonstrations; nam^s in full; :
mes*.a«r<»K and t'int: m>rlrted by Mies Mann. !
¦ Pytb-UI Hall, dft? Market St.. to-r.ight.
MRS. GRIFFIN and Shriner. crand Eplrltual \
tejst Tiieftir.r to-night; all welcome. 1C7 Lar-
kln rt.; admission 10c.
KARL KBKRHARDT'R spiritual ttt meettng j
to-nigfct. 10c. _T:,0 Twenty-second St.. corner '
Siartleit; reafllngs (Sally. . J
MKK. f-'TODDARD'S eonvlncins *e»t circles, i
1(V; Tum.. Thure., Sun. 8 p. m. 27S »th. read. \
MRS. MART EVANS, circle to-'lay. 2 and 8; i
every night except Thursday; 10c. If* Cth st. 1
i_ME. MARQUISE. 5 Hyde «t.. sittings daily:
dr. to-nigbt.S. IV; rr.essagps frm. spirit friends. |
MME. JOHNSON, mrttlr.is* to-__y at 2 and S j
j.. m. 1 :.•.'', J!:«h-i. 11 >t. ; admiaslon. 10c.
MME. VOr.VGS test circle to-night. 3T5 l_ur- ¦
kin. 1"c; fine mufio; come »ke;itlcs. !
MEi-TINGS 1iiIiit»«I IliolScrho.iii. \
THEOSOPHICAT. Society. S13 Market Ft.— I>c- |
ture to-nl_ht. "The Jr-wi^h Mystics," by H. 1
Cahn: Ir.teroatlcnal Urotherhocd I^arn" next
Tups, night: subject. "EternaJ Youth." by !
I>r. Jerome A. Anders^m. j
MEETIXOS —^TIIEOSOPHIC.'AI..
Ml P. M. C. nnLL will give fr*>e parlor talk. !
"What of the Night? Astrologlca'.ly Con- |
r\(l>-ir<V W'dncfday. 8 p. rr. ; tolos by Prank 1
C_rroll Olff. n. 'IS TC'ldy st. • j
MEKTIXG KOTtCCS. |
rARKER Lod_e No. U4, I. O. O. »£_*fc£^.
F —Members art* requ»-»?'<i to _/SSffSS
meet THUS DAT. at 1:39 .'¦clock, 't^-^^
brother? r. L. Vl<:ANOVICH.
V. F. NORTHROP. N. G.
OFFI<"F.RS and members of the »
6er\-Ian-Mont»n«>srin L. and II. -^tT^
¦ Koriety: \ou are req_e«te<l te at- *»______, j
tend lunefBl cl our late brother >Sn/ : >\i !
and rapt ptea-iett, PKTER L. &hi|?l*#3 i
VLCANnVK-H. Rt I:S0 o'clock '¦St.M-i'M
p. m.. TJILS DAY 'SUNDAY). E/S^HTkH
November 4. from OA<i Fellows' v>S»>MV
Hall. S-ver.th ar.d Market st«. Njfc™^
By Trier of ~
M. K. TAPOVAZ. Prr*ldent.
KPIRO S. VI-COPAVLIEVICH. Fecretarj'.
ANNTAL mretlnr- The rerJlar annual meeting
of the fetockho!«Vri< <.f the Honolulu 1'Ianta-
tlnn Comrany will h» he!d at the offlce of
the eonu>any. No. £27 Market street. San 1
Francisco. California, en MONDAY, the 19th
fay of November, li'O, at the hour of 11 ;
o'rlock a. m.. for the purpose of electing a ',
board of dlrertnre tn nerve for the eneuln?
year, and the transaction of nuch other busi- >
refw as may come before the meeting. Trant-
. fe r book* will close on Thursday, Novembtr
I. _W0; at 2 o'clock p. m.
E.U. SHELDON. Secretary.
MEETING XOT1CES.
ANNUAL meeting 1 — The regular annual meeting
or the stockholders of the Honolulu Sugar
Company will b« held at the offlce of the com-
pany. No. 327 Market street, San Francisco.
California, on MONDAY, the ISth day of No-
vember. 1900. at the hour of 11 o'clock a. m..
for the purpose of electing a board of direc-
tors to serve for the ensuing year, and the
transaction of such other business as may
come before the meeting. Transfer books
will close on Thursday. November 8, 1900, at
3 o'clock p. m.
E. H. SHELDON. Secretary.
ECIILATTER'S!
Divine healing, every Sunday night,
at Hoover Hall. 1327 Market st.
TKK California Debris Commission, having re-
j reived applications to mine by the hydraulic
j process frem the Cataract and Wide W't.n
I Ormvel Mining Co., in the Wide West Giavel
i Mine, near Eho. Calaveras Co., to deposit
j tnliines in North Outlet and Prospect Gulch:
I from H. Sl-Mghter and Thomas Harper, In the
i San Francisco Mine, near Todd, Placer Co..
ft to dejxislt tailings In Dardanelles Canyon;
Y fr^m Charles S. I>«ren. in the Riffle Point
I Mine, at Grass Flnt. Sierra Co.. to deposit
I taillnr* m Grass Flat Ravine: from George
1 Fitzgerald, in the I_sne Star Mine, near Crom-
I l'«rr. Piurras Co., to deposit tailings In Jack-
i f*m Creek: from G. A. and F. W. Brucker-
I ihm. in the Renaissance Mine, near Howland
; Flat. Sierra Co.. to deposit talllr.es in a
1 worked-out uit: from J. R. Bell and A. H.
I Jark.s in the Badger Hill Mine, near Spanish
I Rnnch. Plunks Co.. to deposit tailings In
Whitlock n.-ivlr.e: from W. T. Sherman and
O. F. Caya. in the Last Chance Mine, near
Tort Wir.e. Sierra <"o.. to d^ro'it tniltnes In
French Ravine; from C. N. KinRsbury, In the
: Onnp/T Gulch Gravel Mine, near Ico. Shasta
1 Co.. tn deposit tailing)! In Dry Creek: from
.lohn McGra th. In the Independent Mire, near
I Pt. LrujF. Plerra Co.. to deposit talllnps in
F<>2r« Ravine, and from J. F. Cowdery. In
I the ChandlervUIe Mine, near St. Ixiuis. Sierra
[ «'o.. to deposit tallinKs In Saekcts Gulch, gives
notice that a meeting will be held at room 59.
Flood building. Pan Francisco. Cal.. on No-
vn-.twr 1?. 3°^. nt 1:33 p. m.
AGEXTS WANTED.
WK will ray any man SS5 per month and all
trovplinc exi't>r.rt-!5 to tcke orders for the
most reputable )>ortratt concern In the United
States; your snlary will be KURranteed and
pr«ltl<i- permanent. Address Department 6,
li^TO P.'.rk ave.. N. Y. City.
KOL1 DA Y~l rade" f^r~books is "great." evor>-
.iger.t doins well with our splendid lint: five
books in ore sample case: stwk ready on the
10th: books of all publisher* at very lowest
prices: order samples ouick. The J. DEW-
TN'g CO., Fi-vd building. San Francisco.
EXPERIENCED lady canvassers; no others
RPPly: something- new: bli? profit*. G»neral
Advertising and Novelty Co.. 313 Bush st.
ACFNTS — Do you want something more r»rof1t-
&l>le and paf'^r to sell than norks or 'nsur-
ance? Add. F. PERSON, r. 412. Parrott bidg.
WE print visltlnc rards. any style. 24c 100. or
business cards. 75c 1V,!t; big commlFyion or
salary to agents '•VTywVi^r**, Fnstern Import
Agents' gui'r»lr Co.. JITS ATBrket St.. S. F.
ASl'IIALTIM KOOPIXr:.
J. I'KLTIER. asphalt rcofinB. siae-w-alks: cellar
flforp laid, repaired: postal. 11S6 Mlyglon »t.
ASTItOLOGV.
MME.. 3IICKET— Artrologist: horoscopes. 50c:
card reading and p_ InUctrjr. -5c. 133.T Mission.
DR. C. TOUSEY TAYI.f)R. Prlentiflc Astrolo-
PWV- Free copy "Tlie New Mocn." 7C"i Market.
ATTOUXKYS AT LAW.
tt. V.'. KINO, Bttoraey at law. ?27 Market rl., j
room 627— Es-tate?, damages, att_'"f!msi:t\
lonkniptoy. coll^ctlcn?: all cases; fair fees;
no adviiice charges: money loaned on »-states. j
ADVICE free; divoro? l«.w a specialty; private;
no fee without success; collections. G. W.
HOWE, atty at law. 8T.0 Market, cor. Stockton. I
I. EDW. JARHETT. Hears? bldg.. 1 i..rd and '¦
Market sts.: chone Red 5262. :
FRKE advice; divorce laws, damages, estates,
collections. J. A. Mitchell, 314 Montgomery. !
ADVICE froe; no rharce unless successful. W.
W. I>avl<5son. 9Z7 Market St.. opp. Mascn.
L S. ("LARK, Km ma Ppreckels bldg.. S27 Mar- '
ket st.: ror.nfltatlpn free: no fees tn advance.
PATH CAIHXETS.
r:oniNPON. Niagara. Perfection and oIh»TF.
W. S. BROWN CO.. agency, 426 Elllg it.. S.F.
IsoaUIMM; l'oit CllIi.DlLK.V.
-ADT with urn home would like 1 or 2 email
children to boarti; good care. 3I1S Sixteenth.
A GOOD home for 2 children; terms from J8 to
lift. US E-Jpley st.
IJLMM-SS CUAACES. ¦
A— BUTCHER shop; best corner location in
__ ltx __ COWIXO-_fc CO4 719 Market st.
A—CANDY and Ice cream, cigars and notion
ftore. COWING & CO.. 710 Market st.
A— DELICACY and home restaurant; fine busl-
li«-ss. COWINc; & CO.. 719 Market ft.
A— MiOMIXO liouf=e. Fouth Market. 14 roora;;
map. COWING ft CO.. 713 Market St.
A BAKERY, caridy, school books, notions; bar-
gain: cheap rent. COWING* £ CO., 719 Mar-
ket st.
A — COAL, wood and grain -busi ness; fine loca-
tlcn; fnap. COWING & CO.. 719 Market St.
A— ROOMING-IIOrSE; flne loc_tIonT~bareain
this day. See COWING & CO.. 719 Market st.
A— SHOE Ftorc; good location: clears J3C0 to $600
itao.; bargain. LOWING & CO.. 719 Market st.
A— GROCERY ar.d bar: best ever offered for
sale. COWING & CO.. 71S Market Ft.
A— SALOON downtown: money maker; ccme
quick. COWIXO & CO.. 71? Alarket st.
A— SODA water business for one-half its value-
sicknesK. COWING & CO.. 713 Market *t.
A — LIVKKY and l«oarding stable; park loea'len;
Kood char.ee. COWING & CO.. 719 M*rk«-t St.
A— PLUMBING shop; fine location: snap for
sr>o_ man. COWING & CO.. 719 Market st.
A— RESTAURANT in be*t part of city; must
be sold this day. COWING, 719 Market st.
A— BAKERY: clearing $200 p»r month; snap.
COWING & CO.. 719 Market St.
M. GRIFFIN. 71J Market, r. I.
sells all klr.tis cf businesses, gee him.
A— BRANCH bakery, notions, etc.; 1125; makes
living for family. M. GRIFFIN. 71» Market
Et.. room 1.
A— GHOOJ-Ry and delloateFFen snap; $7)0; Onlly
_Mles $20; 3 U v. rms. M. Griffin. 719 Mkt, r. 1.
A— NICE furnishing goods Ftoie; J3C0: 3 living
rms.; gocd bus. M. GItlFFIN. 71» Mkt., r. 1.
K—VSW] RESTAURANT with bar; meal* :5c:
monthly rales $lf«C: c«tab. 20 years; all Mrst
cl_fg. M. GRIFFIN. 713 Marker, nr. Call big.
A— BARBER shop; JSW; 3 chalis: rent $16. fine
plac- for " popple. M. Griffin, 71i Mkt.. r. 1.
"HONEST SPECULATION" through security
investment l>y rry "method" is not for specu-
lators who arc looking for exorbitant profits.
but for titosc who nre seeking reasonable.
r«-gular ard secure returns on their money:
investments by this "method" In wheat arid
! Mocks have satisfied my customers; send for
I free particulars: cuttomer. t>ankth? and e_-
rhar.Ke house references: correisr>ondence solic-
ited. RICHARD JOKES. Investment Broker,
j 40 Eschanee Mace. N. Y.
; A-flOO: BRANCH ljaker>-, delicacy, candy: 3
; rr^-ms. %2Zf< — Cigar store; good location; fine
business. f25C— Half interent In line office
i b'.islnei's. SG^C — Fine corner saloon; paying
«rell. All busine'sfs. LANE _: CO., S63 Mkt.
I A--15H'YCLE repairing shop for sale In fine
¦ co_ntry town. 36 miles from city; offered at
f>7.*>: nearly full value in utocU; place clearing
1 fll'J monthly; trial given: other bUFinesF
j fraie. KELLY CO., 131 Montgomery st.
; XiAKCAIN— Business and furniture of flrst-
j dasx family and transient hot<»I on California
rt.. olearlr.c upward $4w month, for sale; good
; location. Call after 10 o'clock at U07 Polk
I st. ; only responsible parties neod apply.
! WANTED— A lady would like to meet som*
; good wnman who would be willing lo Invest
I i.l. .ut J1000 in a xoo<l-ijaj'lng country hotel:
! hatlsruttlon guaranteed. F_r particulars ad-
! drees box 34, Cal! office.
j TOIl ».ale— On account of sickness. flrst-c!ass
! dry clcaninp business; proprietor is willing to
I t«-*ch buslnofiF thoroughly; flne locution, with
I lea»e of premiss*. Box S3, Call offlce.
I A GOOD opening for the rlxht man to secure
, working Interest in nn established wholesale
: Iiui.!:.i«-: $.tf>i,-0 to $VX)0 required: must have
Al r<-frrenc*s. Box 49, Call offlce.
I FOR rale-I^.undry route; established for 11
y^ars; paying commission of $42 to K0 per
I week. Box 58. Call office.
j V.* ANTED— A chicken ranch of from 3 to 10
a< l res In vicinity" of Oakland or Petaluma
Box 10. Call office.
I-'JRST-CLASS 'iistom shoe bu«lnees; must sell;
SidW— SS. Apply Monday at 9 Geary St.. rm. 23.
RESTAURANT doing good business Pweulo-
rated: l>a:caln. Apply ZO Hayes, st.
FOR gale — Carpenter fhep. SI" Turk st.
MOIINI.VG pa;v? r route; neis $S3 montbly. Ad-
dress It.. 4<;k Third rt.
I Jl'*— A BAHOAIX; a complete profitable es-
| ts»bMi«fcpd medicine business; value In sight;
j Fultable for cither sex; experience unr.eces-
j f=aty; good rrascn for gelling. Box 14. Call.
i GROCERY r.nd bar In good location; stock In
I Fight for full purchase price. W. L. I1AH-
PKR, S97 Parrott building.
A—.... SNAP ..,;..........
Chop hou_«. 233 Eighth st. ¦¦ .
BUSINESS CHANCES — CONTINUED.
DON'T rnles thl« opportunity: 23 secret pro-
cese«a for naajcing money easy at home; no
capital; no experience; no canvassing; men,
women and children are interested; send it
once 25c In silver or P. O. ' money order • to
KLOH & BANKOFP, _U Leaven worth St.,
San Francisco. Cal. ¦ -.:.-.
A WELL-ESTABLISHED literary publication,
monthly, can be had at a bargain; great op-
portunity for competent man. For particu-
lars apply box 3765, Call office. :
GROCERY and saloon; at present occupied;
rent reasonable. Apply 2850 Twenty-second.
FOR SALE— 3-chalr barber shop, including
baths. Box 13. Call office. «j
*S0O— STEADY young man, experienced In gro-
cery business, can learn a splendid opening;
established trade. Particulars Western Land
Co., 640 Market st.
LOANS on all kinds of brlc-a-brac. statuary,
curios, wedgewood, Dresden ware, Ivorys,
bronzes, silver ware and all articles of vaiue;
lowest Interest; private entrance and room:
perfect secrecy: phone Brown 246; established
l&M. UNCLE HARRIS. 15 Grant ave.
WANTED— A partner with some cash; manu-
facturing; exclusive business; good money
from tlie start: will bear investigation. Call
or write HERRICK. 631 Randolph st.. Napa.
CHICAGO Brokerage Co.. 305 So. 53d ave., Chi-
cago— Sells your business or farm for cash
wherever located; get partner or sell your
patent. i
. '
I IIO.OCW— SOUND investment; one of the best-
paying merchandise businesses in Oakland;
established for years; safe and profitable in-
vestment; half cafh, balarce tn property. E.
E. IUTNCE. 952 Broadway, Oakland.
HALF Interest In restaurant and coffee-hous*.
413 Market st. ; grand offer for right man;
serving 500 for lunch: small rent; everything
ne*; trial allowed for investigation.
J RESTAURANT for sale: situated in good busl-
I "•*** street. Call at 52 East St.
SAIXXJN for sale; opposite the ferry. Apply
111 Ea?t st., north of Market: no anents..
I UDO— RESTAURANT: fine morning and evening
j trade: in complete running r.rder; present
owner 4 years; Investigate. 233 Sixth st.
; FINE large store to let on O'Farrell St., near
Powell; EuttaMe for any business; cheap reut
Apply at K> Grant ave.
INSIDE route on this paper for sale. Apply
I CALL business of nee.
j RARE l>u.«ines« chance; dny saloon f rent cheap;
! no ngents. 200 Clay: wholesale district.
j CLASSIFIED advertisements «nd subscription*
received at Call branch office. 22C0 Flllmore st.
; A BRANCH office for Call advertlyements and
I subscription* has been established at lo.iti
! Valencia ft.
LODGING-HOUSES FOU SALE.
i M. GRIFFIN. 719 Market at., r. 1. Free list of
i ."11 houses; abstract free; money to loan.
I 7-room Hat; new; electric light J375
! S rooms; sunny side; Low rent _:<0
I 1) rooms; rent $33; clears $25 month t 3'i0
I 11 rooms: rent liO; always full 350
) IS rooms; rent 560; clesr3 $S5 month 603
¦ 20 rooms: transient: new; leaving city 1200
| 2» rooms; income $200; 4 blocks n. Market.. 14TQ
2* rooms; corner: fine apartments; no work. lftfO
27 rooms; rent $."»3; on Mkt. st. ; all sunny. 1011
?'l rooms: all men: clears $107 month 1700
40 rooms: rent Slid; bon ton; the finest 4511
41 rooms; rent $ir>0; Income ?»00 month 4000
4.". rooms; nn« corner apartments 35111
oi rooms: rent $100; 2 blocks ** Mirket.... 2000
7r> roome: center cf city; money coiner 4000
BETTERS of lodging housea will find largo list;
t\r.o bargains tri ledping houjes. Samples:
102 roomr: rent JM; price $15 JO.
12 rooms; rent $34; price $400.
44 rooms: rent *2T>0: fine corner: clears $300 a
month: price $4000.
Wo loan money to buyers at 1H per cent-
PCHV.'EINHAPD A CO.. 917 Market St., be-
tween Fifth and Sixth, rhone Mint 1911. j
R. H. WUfSTOX & CO.? 1026 Market st.
10 rooms; rent $30; only $J"t !
38 rooms: rent $50; for AV> |
«;1 rooms; nuft fell; only SVM i
tZ rooir.s; corner: redu"ed to *00 :
12 ROOM house; Golden Gate ave ?sm I
8-room house: Howard st STrt j
10-room hpuco; Post st </>o I
11-room hou.«e: Van Nesi ave iXO |
NATIONAL REAL ESTATE CO.. 3 Erldvst.
A— 22-ROOM rooming hoi'se; central $1«M j
2°-room liouso; first-class 10"^ |
11-room hou«e; *47S: 6-room flat 311 J
20-room hou5o: R f !dy; rent $75: onlv, 900 !
FISHER & CO., 1032 Market st. ;
WANTED— To exchange pood home and vacant !
lots for lodging house. Box 11. Call office. <
ROOMING bouse of 17 rooms on account of i
sicl-r.css; chesp. 120A Eddy st. !
SIXTH. 243— Nicely furnished tunny house of
!» rorms: si'MIng reasonable.
CARRIAGES AM) WAGONS.
ALL kinds of wagons, buggies, carts, harness.
etc.. rheap. KGAN _.- SON. IU7 Mission St.
AN A No. 1 express wagon, single, also light
camping wason. for sale cheap. C32 Mission.
NEW & 2d-hand wagon*, buggies, carts ft har-
nes». work Al driving horses. 15th & Valencia.
SPIRITUALISM.
ISMAR THE GYPSY.
ISMAR. the Kgyptian Gypsy, draws aside the
uncurtained years ehead; happiness and success
: go hand in hand, yet hundreds fall where suc-
: reps Is porslble were It not for a lack of fore-
! right Into the future. If yon are In trouble of
¦ onj- kind, discontented, unhappy or not satls-
• fit- In life, conrult IS51AR, for she is a proph-
etess of world- wide fame, and her name has
; become a proverb In thousands of homes made
I happy by her aid and advice. ISMAR can be
: consulted daily from. 10 a. m. to 5 p. m., Sun-
: days by appointment only, at her oUice. H4S
. Market, opp. 6th. Full life reading by mall (5.
I Pee rry display od. to-day on page 15.
j ARRIVED — Mir. Dr. Farnham. world-renowned
spiritual medium; advice In all affairs of life,
I lav.-suitF. divorces, deaths; unites the sepa-
1 rated; mining a specialty; clrs.Sun..Wed..Frl.
; ev's; come and be convinced. (Permanently.)
I M3 Ed'3y tit., bet. Hyde and I<arkin; no sign.
: M ns7 LESTER.~5-l Ft. V- circles k Sun.':
Tuns.. Frl., 8 p. m. ; dew clr. Wed. rve, 25c.
1 MRS. K OTTER'S circle to-night: test to all,
I 10c: slttlnKS daily; ladies. 50c: gents. $1. 34 6th.
j M11E. MAJORS, gifted spiritual medium.
I h*-aler and card reader. 132 Sixth St., room 1.
! MRS. J. J. WHITNEY, clairvoyant, test, busi-
i ne?s medium, life reader; sitting* $1. 1104 Mkt.
! EDWARD EARLE. psychic. 123 Powell bt. ;
! hours. 9 to 5; Sunday at K. of P. Hall.
i CONSULT Watson. 1M1 Mkt.. nr. 12th; famous
! medium and palmirt; advice Infallible: 2»c up.
j FRIENDSHIP Hall. SS3 McAllister— Mrs. C. J.
j Meyer, fitting*: convincing tests to-night; 10c.,
CLAIKVOVAXTS.
i MBS. E. M. DUVAL.
1 . 425 Golden Gate ave.
! Late of L03 Angeles.
: Mra. Duval is a natural born clairvoyant anil
• business medium, t-he tells your past, present.
' and future life, diagnoses d'.sea«o!», cures deaf-
i M-fc, etc. If there are obstacles In the path of
1 y jur life she cen tell you how to overcome them
: ano how to avoid th*>m.
I Mrs. Duval has practiced succe^i.'uiiy In Loa
1 Argrles for the past nine years for all the urln-
j clpal business people, as well as those in tn«
j hJRh<-Ft society, and still has patrons there, to
: whom she will continue to give her valuable
! advice.
{ MME. PORTER, wonderful clairvoyant A card
1 reader, born with double veil & second sight:
I diagnoses disease with life reading; lad!es-5flo.
j gents $1; r-alni nn( l clalr. sit $1 50. 1.8 Turk.
I REMOVED— Tb- great Inspirational card read-
er: price !5p and 50c; hours 10 a. m. till 9 p.
' m - MAnAMB VA - V BEROEN. 22« Fulton st.
! MMK. UKRNARD. reads~li*e~"fl_entTv-; advice
i glvfn In all affairs In life; ratNfactlon ruar-
| antrrd; 25c up. 17 Third St., next Examiner.
! MRS. J. LYTTON. clairvoyant and card reader;
I readings. 50c; sitting. $1: every afternoon ex-
j cejit Sunday, 110 Turk st.: no sirn.
j MltS. E. SANDERS, 514 Taylor st.. near Geary
—Clairvoyant, palmist and business medium:
¦ ladles' circle Thura.. 2 p. m. ; Fri.. 8; <-lr.. 25c.
1 ¦
J ISMAR. the Egyptian gypsy clairvoyant and
1 palmist, permanently located 1148 Market, opp.
; t.l'n; private readings daily, 10 a. 111. to 5 p. m.
L!>'C'OLN. occult student ard clairvoyan'; the.
wonder of the ace; consult him; you will
never regret It. I'arlors 125 Turk.st.
MIfH CAMPBELL, eminent card reader; ~la^
dies. !5c; 1 to 9 p. m. 618 Harrison «.
MRS. E. M.- DUVAL. clairvoyant and business
medium. 4?5 Golden Gate ave.
MRS. CAMERON, clairvoyant, card reader, me-
dlum: SEc up. S23 Mlsttlon St.. nr. 4th; ring bell.
MRS. MELVILLE, well-known cUlrvoyanLwai
ter reader. t ;noved to 11 Sixth; German Fpoken.
MME. VAL-li.V, cl-ir.. card reader, palmist;
lucky charms, 23c up. 115 Leaven worth St.-
MME. 7.EREDA. the gypsy, is the great palm-
1st and card reader: 25c and 50c. 7 Seventh.
MM I-:. HANSON, palmistry, card reader; past,
present, future, 25c. 148 Sixth st.. room 14. .
MME. SCHAFFER. clairvoyant, card reader"-
slttin_3 dally. 44S<& Jessie st.
MME. AUGUST, clairvoyant, card reader and
palmistry; truth or no pay; 25c 1143 Mission.
MME. RAVENNA rends life fluently; business
advice; names given: 25n up. 5 FourthS. st. ".
CHIROPODISTS.
BUNIONS, in_Town nails, corns, absolute cure
painless; consulfnfree. Dr. Duncan, 415 Sutter.
CARPET BEATING AND CLEANING.
STANDARD. 813 Guerrero— Curtains and blan-
kets renovated, 25c per pair; carpents oleaned.
»o yd.: laying a specialty. Phone Mission 106.
WHEN you become disgusted with poor work
eend to SPAULDING'S Pioneer Carpet-Beat-
lng Worka. 383-357 Tehama »t.: tel. South 40.
CARPETS cleaned at 3c p«r yard, laid at 6c
STRATTON'S, 3 Eighth St.; tel. Jssale 844.
J. E. MITCHELL, Carpet-Beating and Reno-
vatlng Co., 240 Fourteenth St.; tel. Mission 74.
CITY Steam Carpet-Beating Works. O. H.
STEVENS, mgr.. 38-40 8th et.; iel South 250.
ADVANCE Carpet-Cleaning Co.. 402 Sutter st.;
tel. Main 894. GEO. WALCOM. proprietor.
CONKLIN'S Carpet-Beating Works, 333 Golden
Gate ave.; telephone East 126.
COLLECTION OFFICES^
"GEORGE YV. KELLY'S Agency— No charge un-
less successful. Room 310, 927 Market st.
COTTAGES TO LET.
$10—6 ROOMS, yard, basement. 1837 Green-
wich St., corner Laguna.
HOSPITALS.
DP.. BTJZARD'P dog hospital. Post. Fillmore —
Advice and medicine. T.xi; city visits, $1 50; all
nnlmals treated; doirs boarded. Tel. West 636.
DUE-MMAKl-KS AM> SHAMS TUE_Si_S
FAIRFIELD'S Millinery Academy; call and ex-
amine work; send fcr circular. 1236 Market.
ACCORDION pleatinij factory; all kinds pleat-
Ing. pinking. 121 Port. ovrrO'Connor&MonTatl.
MCDOWELL Dressmaking and Millinery School;
private class; patterns cut. 1019 Market st.
S. F. Dre*smakln_. Ladles' Tailoring and Mil-
llnery School; French ej stem. 411 Van Ness.
LADIES' skirts repaired and rebound, 35c up.
Apply at &04 Larkin st., upstairs.
DENTISTS.
AT the ELKCJRO-DENTAL CLIN'IcT^OT Mar-
ket at., cor. 4th, rm. 7. Flood bid?., you can
have your extractions done painlessly; teeth
J without plates our specialty; gold crowns,
J3 50 up: plates, extractions free, J4 60 up; of-
j flee hours. » a. m. to 10 p. m ; Sundays. 9 to S
I p. m. O. •VV. WILLIAMSON'. M.P.. Manager.
I EIGHT prizes for best crowns, platen, bridges
I and fillings; extractions or fillings by my won-
i deiful secret, painless method: 20 years' ex-
perience; no students; advice free; prices
I cheapest and guaranteed; lady attendants.
j DR. GEORGE W. LEEK. 20 O'Farrell «t.
| A XEW pfate. the unbreakable Rose Pearl,
warranted for 20 yeaft: crowns and bridge-
I work; teeth without a plate; fillings, 60c;
crowns. {3 50; plates, full set. $3 00; all work
rainless and warranted. Chicago Dental Par-
lors. 24 Sixth st.
"MAIN Offlce" New York Dental Parlors. 101 ti
Market st.. bet. Sixth and Seventh: consu't
I us on crowns and bridges: teeth extracted
| positively and absolutely without pain.
| DR. LUDLUM HILL. 1443 Market, nr. Eleventh
1 —No charge for extracting when plates are
| made: old plates made over Ilka new; teeth
! from JS per set; extracting. Me: gas given.
| BET of tef th without plate. DH. H. G. YOUNG,
' totl rolk st '
' PARIS Dental Parlor. 235 Kearny. cor. Bu«h—
Full Fft of tef£h 1 $4; crowns. »; fillings, tic.
I LO'A'KHT prices j n s. F. ; painless extraction,
! 50c. New York Dentists, S6D Mission, cor. 6th.
: VAN VROOM— "Painless": evenings and Sun-
| days. i"01 Market -«t.. corner Sixth.
I KIH.' O A Tl » : \AX.
j OALLAGHER-MARSH College. Parrott Bldg.— ;
Shorthand, tv;>ing and bookkeeping: Robert F.
Gallagher, expert court reporter, teacher of i
f-horthaml; rej->ortorlsr phrasing taught; prac-
tical bookkeeping; full course, toO; catalogue. !
HEA'LD^IiusiNESS'ToLLEdE. 24 I'osT~bZ :
S. F — Bookkeeping, shorthnnd. typing, lan-
guages. t»-legraphy. English branches, civil,
electrical ami mining engineering, etc.; day
and night sessions; new SO-page catalogue fret-.
A— THE LYC-JUM, and accredited preparatory
school for the university, law and medical !
rolleges; references, Prrsldent Jordan or any
Stanford professor. Phelan building.
BOOKKEEPING or shorthand— If you want to
, learn in a liinitrd time, take private lessons
frrm an e_;>erienred teacher. M. W. COK-
! NELL, room 53. Thurlow block. 1?C Kearny Bt.
| ATRES* Business College. 723 Market St.; day
ard evening; Individual Inrtructlon, JS per
month; ilf* scholarship. JSO; bookkeeping,
shorthand, telecruphy. etc.; catalogue free.
! CALHOUN School of Nntural Elocution, Act-
ing and Physical Training. Gold»n Gate Hall.
I C_i Sutter st., San Francisco, Tuesdays and
! Fridays.
i II r: FAILKD! had he practiced bookkeeping a
short time with expert Tarr, 220 Parrott bldg
he would not: be wise.
M1S-S M. O. -BARRETT, Shorthand Academy;
lessons by mall; acknowledged by offlcial re-
! porters best teacher, best pystem. 302 Montgy.
ALL students but two taking full course thts
1 year got positions. £AN FRANCISCO I3US1-
ne.«n COLLEGE. 1236 Market st.
ENGIXEERINO. civil, elec. m!nlng.mech.,pur-
vy, assay, cyanide, arch.; day, eve.: est. 1S64.'
VAN DER NAILLKN SCHOOL. 833 Market.
KF.VT Law School, T48 McAllister St.; day and
night: I_atin taught free: phone Jessie 1666.
WANTED- Refined laclieH and gentlemen for a
! new school of medicine. Box 3837. Call.
i FRENCH. Spanish. ete. Prof.DeFlllppe'sAcademy
of I_inFuagos.320Pcsl:establd.lS71;ableBt profs.
! SPANISH. French. German, singing, piano, $2
' mo.; hours, 2-4. 6-S. 1236 Mark»t. rms. 113-117.
MUNSON School Shorthand. Typing. Bookkeep-
ing. Spanish. 137 Mont'y. E. M. Carpenter, pr.
; Mi;, and MRP. D. MANSFIELD, music studio";
i vf?lln. gvitar. mandolin, banjo. 1S36 Kdrty »t.
i ILLUSTRATIOX-PAHTINGTON'S DAY arid
I ILI.USTP.ATIf'.V-Nlght cla5S. 434 Pine st.
; CALIFORNIA BuslneM College Is again en-
lirgirs quarters. Ccme s~e us, 305 Larkln st.
| ARITHMETIC, bookkeeping, grammar, writing,
; clc. day or eve. ; $', mo. 1024 Mission.. nr. 6th.
I k.m ri.ov.iiic.vr «iki'icks.
ITALIAN LABOR SUPPLY CO
I 21 MONTGOMERY AVE
j Fnrntah mechanics, miners
j Kallroad men. ranch hands....
I and woodcheppers at short notice
I A— JAPANESE and Chinese employment con-
| tractor: estab. over 10 years; nil kinds help.
| -121 Post St., near Powoll; telephone Bush 135.
! JAPANESE and Chlheno Employment Office;
i best help furn.: tel. John 2121. 8*5«4 Stockton.
RELIABLE Jnpnnrye-Chlnese employment of-
flce; all kinds help. 215 Stockton; Main 51KS.
JAPANESE Housed-aning Co.— Wal'tersicooks;
Oigh-.vashcrs: ect. 1893. 1026 Oak; tel. Page 647.
UNION Japanese-Chinese emp. offlce— Best help
furn.; domestic srry. 417 Powell; tel. Bush 376.
OKPHEL'M Employment Office— Japanese, Cht-
iipho help. 420 Powell, nr. Sutter: tel. Black 5072.
j CHINESE nnd Japanese Employment Office —
j TlfFt Ii»-1p. 411'^ Q-Fnrrell st.: tyl. East 4?6.
I kmi'i,oyj:i.;:;t u.vmijo — vkm alb.
[RELIABLE woman wants any kind of light
; work by the day or half day. Address 715A.
¦ Pest st. , .
j YOUNG lady owning typewriter desires copy-
. ing; home or offlce. Box 31, Call offlce.
j WIDOW with one child wishes employment as
houFekeeper cr chamberwork. Address box
! 30, Call oflice.
! AMEfllCAN woman as working housekeeper;
_1° Jl 1 "i rs _. Cal1 or a<ldreiI8 " 4 Fifth Et.
j REFINED woman an wetnur^e; competent to
! care for children. Addresg box 21. Call offlce.
YOUNG lady wishes position as bookkeeper or
assistant. 705 Valencia' st.
COMPETENT nurse wishes a position by day
j or week. Inquire nt 34 Natoma Ft.
I RESPECTABLE lady. Brood cook, wishes nosT
J tlon ns housekeeper; good care of children.
Oil! at ti&-76 El I la .«t.. room 53, bst. 1-3 p. m.
W ANTED— Work by the day by German-
Amerlcan woman; cleaning, washing, ironing.
Address £7 P.ausch ft.
HONEST, willing young woman wants work
by the day. Address box 19, Call branch
office, 105 Eleventh, et.
AN American woman wants work by the day;
washing and house cleaning; {1 and carfare,
731 Folsom st.
WANTED— By. a young woman, position as
housekeeper or chamber work. Address 961
Mission st., room 29.
COLORED girl wishes position tn. doctor's of -
fice: -good references from ¦ doctor. Address
M. P., 721 Fifth st., Oakland. Cal.
EXPERIENCED colored woman wishes posi-
tion an child's nurse. Call or address 1035
Clay st., corner Mason, f
MIDDLE-AGED woman wants to do general
he -rework; is a sood cook; wages $20. 513
Ninth st.. Oakland.
EXPERIENCED la-undreps wants work by the
day washing or housecleanlng. Call for 2
days .1C04 Howard st.
WANTED— A young lady with experience
wishes a steady position as saleslady; under-
stands any department. 1155 FolBorn st.,
near Eighth. . -...> v. .¦•;¦¦:
DRESSMAKER from the East, first-class, wifl
Co out, by the day; tailor-made suits a.spe-
clalty. 1532 Polk.st.-.
A RELIABLE woman wishes to go out nurs-
ing or housekeeping ' or,. work -by the day.
Apply 1C62A- Mission St. -
EMPLOYMENT WANTED— FEMAJLE.
. ,- - - -.-i-j-un.T.-ju-.n.n.-in.n.i ,,--¦- .-^~»~^-^-
GERMAN girl wishes situation to do general
I houH.work; can show the best of references;
S years in last place; no postals an_wt>re_.
41 Diamond st. -
MIDDLE-AGED lady, wishes eituatlsn ps
housekeeper: city or country; _»_« car* Jn-
vaMd. 124 Welch St., near Fourtn. '
FIRST-CLASS French-German cook desires a
situation In private family; wages $30; city
or country. Call 1522 Polk at. j
COMPETENT woman wants position to am 1st
at general housework; references. 206 Eddy.
RELIABLE woman wants general housework,
any kind,- by the day. week or month: well
recommended. Address box B. Call Branch.
300 Hayes at. _______________
WINCHESTER House. 41 Third St.. near Mar-
ket— 2C0 rooms; 25c to $150 night. $160 to $6
w*ek;- convenient and respectable; free bufc
and baggnge to and from ferry.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
eubscrlptions has been established at 1W«
Valencia st.
EMPLOYMK.VI' WA.\TKD MALE.
COMPETENT, sober, single man, with first-
class references, would like a steady, re-
sponsible position on orchard or ranch: single
or as working foreman; I think I can give
satisfaction in every respect and lay more
6tress upon steady work and fair treatment
than high wages. Address 221 Second st.
SITUATION of any kind by young man' of 24;
clerkship preferred; can furnish references.
Box 3:>, Call offlce.
YOUNG n;an, 33. temperate, reliable, educated,
with business experience, familiar with type-
writing ar.d office work, wants position as of-
fice man, clerk or salesman. Box 2762, Call.
YOUNG German wants position as port?r or
| anything;. best references. Box 26. Ca.ll offlce.
EXPERIENCED stenographer, amanuensis and ,
telegraph operator, wishes position. Address
box 35, Call office.
MIDDLE-AGED man. hnndy with horses and
tools, wants- light work; no milking; good
home the object. H. W., 246 Third st.
SALESMAN", grocery, would like a position; I
country* or city: can furnish best of refer- li
ences; 15 years' experience. Address, with
wages offered, 1307 Broadway. Alameda..
COOK wants work; a good, careful cook, or
would go as second cook. T. SMITH. 318
Minna st.
YOUNG man with some experience in museum
and show business, good talker, wishes po-
Bltlon. Box 3S9S,, Call office.
SINGLE man. understanding citrus and de-
ciduous orchards, stock and general farm-
ing, wants to take charge o" fruit or graz-
ing ranch; references. Address R. S., 415
Powell St.
COACHMAN, first-class all around man, can do
gardening or milking; reliable driver; thor-
oughly competent: city references. E. A., S12
Kenrny St., city.
ACTIVE young German desires position at any- '
thing: city or country; best references. Box
43, office. _ ¦
AS private secretary by experienced young man
of good education ; competent stenographer;
energetic, reliable. Box 45, Call office. ,
MIDDLE-AGED business man. long experience
offlce work, collecting, publishing, wants po-*
sltlon by hour, day or otherwise. J.IR.
BROWN, Fernwell House, 47 Post st.
WANTED by young married couple without
children a. position to take charge of a re-
spectable lodging-house centrally located. :
Address M. L. W., box 43. Call office-.
MARRIED man wants position as foreman en ;
ranch: accustomed to all kinds of farming
on big ranch: best of references. Address box
40. Call office. -
YOUNG man of good habits desires a position
as valet or care of invalid; city references. '
Box 5'j, Call.
BY" reliable married man. a place as porter '
and lunch waiter in saloon or Janitor or win-
dow cleaner In office buildings. Call or ad- ,
dress $19 Mission St., basement, in rear.
FIRST-CLASS accountant: long experlenre as '
head bookkeeper In transportation cilice con- -
trolling extensive warehouse and grain bu^i-
nes?; young, married, finest of reierence.'. j
bond. etc. : I should be pleased to consider any
proposition, city or country. Box 13. Cail.
GASOLINE engineer: licensed either marine or
Ftationary; do my o^\n machine work. C. •).
Y.. 322 Fourth st. ]
MIDDLE-AOED man wishfs position as Jani-
tor; good carpenter if n<v.-«>ysnry. Box _0, Call.
HOTEL clerk, experienced, wants situation;
day or night. Address B. W., box 29, Call.
THE emnloyment department of the Y. M. C.
A. furnishes only reliable young men. Ma-
pon and Ellis sts.; phone Bush 17. . -
I COMPETENT ycuns man, 21 years; good in
mathematics; Fpeaking ar.d writing fluently
Spanish. French. German and English; beat
references. -A. M., l&23Vs Greon St.
i
MAN working mornings would like to have
some engagement two afternoons a week,
Saturday whole day, or evenlrv?; bond given •
If necessary. Address box 3S95. Call offlee. )
MAN and wife would like management of
country hotel or mining boarding house; man •
sood cook. Box 11, Call office. «
j SIDE line wanted by responsible traveling
I salesman for Washington. Idaho. Utah and •
I Texas. Box 15. Call office.
STENOGRAPHER and typewriter wants- posl-
j tlon, having good knowledge of bookkeeping •
with long business experience in several lines •
and flrst-class references. Address P. N-,
1275 Mission st.
YOUNG man violinist wishes musical workj
dance work: 'porting house or saloon work •
necepted: fine tone; plays by note only; terms <
\-ery reasonable. Box 3S78. Call.
EXPERIENCED salesman wishes position in '
cfrar store. Address box 17. Call offlce.
j YOUNG Jarnnese. speak* English well and has i
had S years' experience, desires position for
general housework. M. S., 51$ Pine st. •
JAPANESE boy wants position to do house-
work : with experience: speaks English well.
MATSUO. £3 Jessie st. ;
JAPANESE, honest bo'\ wishes to have a po- '
sltlon as Kchoolboy. K. NATARI, 33.1 Jessie.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions !
received at Cull branch office. 320O Fillmore st. •
A BRANCH offlc* for Call advertisements and
FUligcrlpiicns has be*n established ut lO-ti i '¦
Valencia s». j
I ¦ = •
i KM'KIIT OPTICIAN!*. —
j EYES examined free; spectacles properly ad-
j Justed. N. Manasse, oculist optician. 910 Mkt.
FLATS TO L1_TV .
BAY-WINDOW flat of 3 rooms; sunny; rent
$12 50; water free. 1365 Sacramento st.
ELEOANT new cor. 7-room flat: store-room:
Janitor service; most desirable location. SE.
cor. Golden Gate & Laguna; op. Jeff, square.
FINE modern flat. 7 rooms and bath. 62r> Oolden
Gste ave.. bet. Van Ness ave. and Franklin.
FLAT, 46 Seventh st., near Market; 4 sunny
rooms; rent cheap. ' .
GEARY, 2410B— Top flat of 4 rooms and large
perch; rent J10.
IF you want to move get printed list flats to let
from BALDWIN & HOWELL. 10 Montgomery.
LOWER, Eunny. corner 6-room flat: rent $30.
.Tackson nnd Larkln sts.
NE\v modern sunny flats; 2 rear at $12 30; 1
front at $23. Inquire* 4US Seventeenth st..
near Castro; Castro or Eighteenth st. cars.
SUNNY bay-window fUt. fi room*, porcelain
bath; rent $2". Twenty-first and Valeenla sts.
UPPER fiat x rf C rooms and bath. $18; on How-
ard St.. and upper fiat of 3 rooms and bath, I
stove attached, $12. Apply PATTEP.SON &
i CO.. 1708 Market st.
VALLEJO. 1111, nr. L*>avenworth— Upper flat. 4
sunny rooms: newly renovated :< gas and bath, j
n-4-HOOM Hats on Victor st.. off Bryant. b*t. ¦
7th nnd Rth. Innulre nt grocery. :U1 Urmnt. I
$7 50 — FLAT of 3 rooms. 230*4 Harriet ft... be- i
tween 6th and 7th. Harrison and Bryant. . i
FLATS WASTED.
WANTED— Small flat or 3 unfurn. rmp.. b»t. '
14th and 24th. Howard and Guerrero sts; state •
particulars. Add. M. JACKSON, 2S3 Lee ave. !
WANTED— Small flat or unfurnished rooms;
(central; north Market, by Dec. 3. Bo_ 53, Call. '
; / FUHVITIJUK FOU SALK. i
; FURNISHED- cottage for ¦ rent,' $14 per mo-'
, Oakland; •wiH sell furniture and rent cot- ;
«age, $12. W. P. BEAUCHAMP. 630 Market.
4 ROOMS' furnished in oak for $43 50, with No '.
. 7 ranee. King Furniture Co., 1127-1131 Mar-
ket «t. : telephone South 637.
FURNITURE and carpets of forty-room house-
| in first-class condition.' Apply between 2 and
5 :>. m., !09 Powell st.
I FURNITURE for sale at 4 Taylor place-, also
; Jewelry tools. -,, : ¦. '
; ruuxiTruE waxted.
CHAS. LEVY buys your furniture, carpets i
pianos, etc.. 1135 Market st.;. tel. Jessie 761. '
. A. WOLLPERT. 773 Mission St.. pays highest !
; price for second-hand furniture; tel. Red 1354. '
'Auctioneer— L'. Vincent, 1303 Larkln: tel Polk 691 |
, furniture &i furn' d houses bought; spot cash! '
W. E. CODY (late with J.T. Terry* Co.). buy.,,
furniture, carpets. 757 Mission; tel. Red 3353. j
HELP WAXTED — FEMALE. ,
"C. R. HANSEN & CO Phone Grant 185"
HOTEL DEPARTMENT ....
Head waitress, city. 125; 3 waitresses, city,
$30; 4 waitresses, country. |20 and |25; cham-
bermaid, south, $20, special rate«: I cham-
bermaids to wait dinner. *20. city «>d coun-
try; woman cook, J3O; 3 chambermaids, su>;
plain laundress, institution, 1-3; pantry girl.
$20
Housenirl for small American family. Oak-
land, keep two girls, $25: houseglrls. Santa
Cruz, 120; young girl to assist. Modesto. Bee
party here; housegirl, "Willows. $17: housegirl.
Sacramento County, $16; houseglrl, Oakdale,
$20; 50 housegirls. city. Including five very
choice places, $£>; young nurseglrl. care or
two children, city; housekeeper, country, *la.
C. R. HANSEN & CO.. 104 Geary St. >
TWO neat young salesladies for candy store.
$7 a week to begin. C. R. HANSEX & CO.,
104 Geary st. ¦
EXPERIENCED hands on alteration work:
suits and waists. DAVIS. SCHONWASSER
6 CO.. 128 to 134 Post st.
A STENOGRAPHER and typewriter; experi-
enced: familiar with mercantile business: re-
ply In full and state salary expected; give
references. Box 60. Crll.
WANTED— Young lady of good address for
cashier; must write good business hand. Ap-
ply Monday, New York Dental P_¥lor_. 723
Market st. '">%''
FIRST~CLASS pantsmakers; good wages. Ap-
ply at once, 504 Koarny st., room 10.
GIRL for general hou?ework: gool home:
wages $15. Apply 1033 O'Farrell St.
GIRL for .general housework and plain cook-
ing; $15. 42 Stanley, bet. 1st & 2d. off Harrison.
WANTED— Small girl; light housework: $10 to
$12. 1022^. Folrom st.
GIRL for housework; small family; excellent
home; Jlrt; call after 10. 1702 Post st.
WANTED— Young lady for office work; wages
$3 50 per w»k. Box 32. Call office.
GIUL for general housework; flat; three ia
family; wages $20. Call 2719 Pacific ave.
GIRL for housework and plain cooking: small
family: $13; cojl Monday, after 10. 312 FU1-
more st.
YOUNG girl to assist In light housework and
two children; ?$. 4 Twelfth nt.
WANTED — Experienced dressmaker: state ex-
perience, references and salary expected. Ap-
ply box 46, Call offlce.
WANTED— Bookkeeper: lady preferred. Ad-
dress box SO, Call office.
WANTED — Experienced starchers; hours from
7:30 to 5:30. EAGLESON & CO., 535 Market.
YOUNG girl to take care child Z years. 1383
Octavla st., corner O'Farrell.
FI iTST- i C_'I_»A SS wiilst flnls n_M*s ~, Also improvers^
15S0 Jackson St., near Polk.
A GIRL for housework: sinall family; wages
$25. 211S Raker st., corner Jackson.
WANTED — Experienced apprentices nnd finish-
ers on coats; steady work. 117 Russ St.
GIRLS to learn book Icldlng. 5CS Clay st.
IMPROVER and Traist hand wanted at dress-
making. iM Turk St.. ronms 2 and 3.
WANTED— At once, a woman of strong per-
sonallty; will be well paid If capable; refer-
ences requlrt-d. Box 53. Call office.
SMART cirl: assistant nurse. Institution for
chiMrrn; wares X12 month. 512 Minna St.
MAN and wife wanted at 1232 Valencia st. ; rent
Jree. Call to-day.
WOMAN to help in kitchen half day; no Sun-
flay work; $12. Call Monday at 613 Sacramento.
WANTKD-German lady to assist in bakery;
good home. 9S0 Harrison st.
WANTED— Lady solicitors for charitable insti-
tution. M. N. O., box 56. Call.
WANTED— Waist and skirt hands. Apply Sun-
day or Monday morning. 531 butter st."
APPRENTICE— Young girl; wages after first 2
weeks; hair and wig store. 112 EMdy »t.
OPEP.ATORS on custom vests: call Sunday,
bet. 10 and 12 o'clock. 541 Market st.
GIRL for typewriting and office work; good
penman. Address box 63, Call offlce.
PATTERNS! PATTERNS! PATTERNS?
At the McDowell Dressmaking and Mlllfnery I
School; all late patterns cut to order: satis- j
faction guaranteed: sewing department open j
to all: bring your material and make It under f
a competent dressmaker; superior advantages i
in millinery department: Pratt system of N. !
Y. taticht: hats trimmed to order. McDOW- 1
PILL'S. 1019 Market st.
WANTKD — Experienced saleslady fcr art em-
broidery goods: one competent to teach em-
broidery preferred. Address L. F., box 24. j
Call office.
WANTED— For bindery, girl who understands |
running paging machine. THE HICKS- .
JUDD CO.. 23 First st.
EXPERIENCED driving and sheepskin glov«
mnkeiR. F. O. CONKLIN & CO., 413 Sacra-
mento st.
COMPETENT stenographer nnd bookkeeper for
wholesale house; state reference, experience,
age and salary expected. Box 27. Call offlee.
A LADY of Indomitable energy, possessed of
felf-assertlon: good opportunity to rieht party.
F. PERSON, room 412. Parrott building.
MIDDLE-AGED woman, intelligent and ener-
getic, to represent established firm, offlce !
manager: conducted from one's own home: to I
right party $1CCO- yearly. Mtrr. Branch Offlce, j
Dept. S02. Star bldg.. Chicago.
GIRL for general housework; wages $20. Jit
Page st. ¦
WANTED— Girl of 15 years to assist In light
housework. S07 Van Ness ave., nr. Eddy st.
RELIABLE cirl to assist in housework: good j
home, tru Seventeenth at., near Castro. '
SKW1SU girl». attention!— Experienced opera- |
tors en dress and negligee shlrti; steady j
wcrk: gocd pay. Lowenberr Co.. _7 Jessie st. \
. _i_ ___________________ t
WANTED — Girl for general housework. Apply j
SJS O'Farre'.l «t.
WANTED — Women and girls to work on fruit.
1731 Folsom St.. between 13th and llth.
A HltANLll •¦.lice for Call advertisements and j
ruhrrriptlons has been established at 10M Va- j
Vnctn f». I
HELP WANTED — MALE. I
A— MURRAY & READY Phone Main 5848 ¦
...Leading Employment and Labor Agents... j
WANT MONDAY 7 A. M I
7 carpenters, build barns, etc., at mine, $52 50 1
and found: 5 carpenters, bridge and trestle '
work. $7(T and 1 , found: turner and bench hand I
for Nevada
timber man for mine ?3 25 day
turner and band sawyer. $3 a day. country
job; wagon makers, woodworkers $75. $30 |
blacksmith: also other mechanics: 2 foremen (
for a mine; 3 miners: carriage painter; boys j
to learn trades; coachmen; 16 laborers for a I
mine, you'll suit, $34 and found; '.',% laborers
and teamsters Jl 75 and J2 day
teamsters and laborers, city johs
29 milkers, farm hands, etc.. $26 and found,
$20. ? $25 and four.d; 9 choremen and boys
3 farmers and v.lves $S0, $40 and found i
milker and wife, $40 and found: 6 laborers,
city factories; 12 stablemen, buggy washers,
hcstlero. etc.. city ar.d country. $50, $40. J35, I
$30. $15 and found: 155 woodchoppers and tie- I
maker?, 13, 52 CO. $2, $1 50, $1 cord. 13c. 12c. 10c
each, tools, provisions and cabins furnished...
12 laborers for a quarry. SCO
MURRAY & READY. C4-63>> Clay st.
A— 25 MEN for South FREeTfaRE <
laborers, drillers, etc.. free fare. ¦
MURRAY ft READY. 83t-63< Clay st. i
A— HOTEL DEPT OTHEPrDEPTS
27 cooks, different place*. $fi0. $5<\ $40. $30 and
found: some cooks and dishwashers, same
placta. come, see: cook ami wife, 25 men no
women there. $45; IS dishwashers and wait-
ers. $35. $30. $23. $20 and found; secoud. third and
first hand bakers; boys to drive bakery and
other wagon?, etc.; polisher and help starch
country. $35 and found; pantrymen porters'
butchers*, etc.; experienced delicatessen man
$45 and found.
MURRAY & READY. 634-63C Hay St.
A NO. 1 carpenter. 3 electricians. 5 cabinet-
rm.kt.rs, 6 bench hands, 2 sash and door men
1 sticker hand. Mechanics' Registration liu-
. reau, 410 "Kcarny St., room 9; non-union nv-
chanlcs please register; new Jobs daiiy- no
effieo fees.
BARBERS' Progressive Union— Free employ-
ment. H. Bernard. Sec.. 104 7th; tel. Jessie 152.
WANTED— Salesmen to sell imported and do-
mestic liquors, principally fine Kentucky whis-
kies and .blends, case and barrel roods to
Jobbers and saloon trade; good chance to" the
right man; salary, or commission. Address
R. S. Strader & Son. G9 and 71 E. Water st
Lexington, Ky.
WANTED— Man with good references to man-
ace business of old established house: salary
$18 per week, expense payable weekly direct
. from headquarters: expense money advanced -
petition permanent. Inclose sei;-addres.«ed
stamped envelope. Standard House. S03 Cax-
tc-n building, Chicago.
W ANTED— By established, well-rated firm!
scheme or : specialty men to rcII an exceed-
ingly attractive and salable line; special
terms and unique inducements; high-priced
men Investigate. Box IS4. Detroit. Mich. .
GOVERNMENT positions— Don't prepare for
postof flee , or any civil service examination
. without catalogue\lnformatlon; free. Colum-
bian Correspondence College. - Washington.
EXPERIENCED boy to feed platen press, ia
¦.Stevenson st. -.»-;,,..,•
SALESMAN for boys' . furnishing goods. Ao-
¦-•ply -before 8:30 a. m. at 8. N. WOOD & CO. '3.
718:Market et. . -
HELP WAXTED-MALE.
AT C. R. HANSE>f & CO.'S 1M Geary st.
RAILROAD WORK
10 stonemasons. XI. R. work, Nevada
13 so a day
Stonecutter, R. R. work. Nevada.. $3 M a <la.r
Free Faro Ship Dally Free Far*
HOTEL DEPARTMENT
Chef, J100; meat and pastry cook. J50; secorfl
cook, |75; second, cook. $»0; third cook. |3>,
sam-j country hotel; third cook, springs, |.T»
and fare paid; oysterman, $40; dNhwa-hers.
kitchen hands, etc (
C. R. HAXSEN & CO.. 104 Geary at.
DISHWASHER, strong, active man. country
hotel. $30. C. R. HANSEN & CO.. 104 Geary.
OFFICE boy wanted for this orn.ee. C. R.
HAXSEX & CO.. 104 Geary st.
¦WANTED— Toung man for Gordon pre?r.; kIv^
referetces and wages expected. Box 47. Cail.
A STRONG boy; chance for advancement.
BAUER BROS. CO., 21 Sansome st.
A— WANTED— 15,00i) men of backbone to vot*
for JOHN G. WOOLLEY. for the homo
against the saloon.
A WASHER: country laundry: $40 and founJ:
see party here. C. R. HAXSEN & CO., U|
Geary st.
WANTED— A good advertising solicitor for a
monthly publication; refs. Cox 24. Cail o?flc«.
j ALL sizes men's shoes, slightly damaged, half
.•rice. 5«2 Mission si., bet. 1st and M sts.
GENTLEMAN of Indomitable enerey and pushT
good opportunity to right man. F. I'_RSOX
room 4J2. Parrott building.
.ENGINEERS, firemen, machinists, electricians
—Send for new 40-pa«e pamphlet containing
list of questions asked by Examining Board of
Engineers. GEO. A. ZELLER. St. Loula. Mo.
I MAN* to travel and appoint asents; t-> satU-
' factory hustler with good references JIOCo and
i expenses; permanent: rapid promotion. Add.
I Mgr. .'Travelers." 501 Star bldg.. Chicago.
j GOOD swift coatmakers to work Inside; steady
wcrk and _ocd pay. Apply at 27 Geary s:.,
fecond floor.
COATMAKER or pantsmaker can have nlco
seat room. 104 Kearny St.. tailor shop.
ACTIVE boy to learn trade; paid whl«« learn-
lng. CARSO.V GLOVE CO., 35 Market st.
! RELIABLE dishwasher; £_ per week. ZCZ
j Townsend st.
OPERATOR on custom coats; call Sunday, bet.
10 and 12 o'clock. 541 Market st.
WANTED— Walter. Call at 212 O'Farrei; ¦„.
9 a. m.
EX-SOLDIER at good salary; must be c: «oM
address and talker. Apply box 54. Call offlce.
BOY or young man to collect who caa ride, bi-
cycle. Apply 2123 O'Farrell ¦_
i TAILOR wanted. Call Sunday. 317 O'Farrell
! street.
! DISHWASHER wanted; steady JobT 1436 Tur-
j street.
A GOOD waiter wanted. 134 Third it.
YOUNG man IS to 20 at S. N. WOOD & CO.'S.
71S Market »t.
A NORWEGIAN or SwedUh family can get a
rood house and bam In the county for tha
winter; rent free: S) acres of farming land
for rent if desired near town; gocd road:
healthy location and good water. Address
P. O. box Ti*. Santa Cruz. Cal.
I . — _
i COATMAKERS— Highest union prices; free slt-
i • tirs room. ALFRED LJLJEXTHAL. 903 Uar-
I ket •!.
! A I IRST -CLASS boys' and children's clothing
ralcsman. RAPHAEL'S (Inc.).
! IJARBER shop wanted In urood country town.
M. J. SILVEIRA. 1000 Seventh at.. Oakland.
1 WANTED— Furrier. Apply at 1.C-0 Geary St.,
I after ! 5. n. , ¦
WANTED— A first-class carriage blacksmith.
1 must und?rstand woodwork; steady Job year
• round; unmarried preferred. Apply Mo Ste-
venson St.. city, or Bay View Carriage Fac-
tory, San Rafael.
WANTFD— Superintendent for sawmill and gen-
eral work connected with lumber business:
must be thoroughly competent, conversant
.with all the details of lumber trade and cap-
able of managing a large business; none but
practh-al men with large experience and first-
class references need at>ply. Ar!dress>. giving
, experience, sa'ary expected. X Y Z. box _">JI.
Call office: all communications confidential.
I WA»\TED-A place to stop for the winter— Tbt*
can be found at the Adams House. 5tf Sacra-
mento *t.. near Montgomery; one of. the few
respectable houses where countrymen ccmln~
to the city ran Had nlre. clean, chfap. well-
¦\ertllated ro«>m». A. JlcCREKRT. Prop.
WANTED — A younff man to act as floor
walker: one with good address and st-rim*
habits: for Welnstock. Lubln A Co.. s-i.- r*-
mento. Apply at i23 Market «t.. near K!rst.
betm^en 2 nntl 3 p. m.
WANTED— A thoroughly experienced clothing
»a!e«man: cne who can talk Portuguese; for
fc'acramento. Apply at 523 Market st.. room 7.
between 2 and 3 p. ra.
WANTED— Laborers and mechanics to knew*
that Kd Rolktn, Reno House proprietor, still
runs Denver House. 217 Third et. ; liu larga
looms: 25c per night: tt to t- per week.
MEN wanted to learn barber trade: only eight
weeks required: positions guaranteed; special
inducements; catalogue and map of city free.
MOLER'S BARBER COLLEGE. 635 Clay st.
PENSIONS— J. H. Shepard * Co.. old. reliable
firm. 806 Market, rm. 40. Phelan bids. : p-:n-
slcn vouchers execute*!, £>c: advice free.
GENTLEMEN'S suits to order. II per week, at
cash price-. N. Y. Tailoring Co.. 115 Kearny.
GET your shoes half-soled while waiting ; 25c
to We. 562 Mission St., bet. 1st and 2d sts.
WANTED— 1C0 men to take rooms, 10c. 15c and
20c. Boston House. 930 Howard st.
SAILORS, ordinary seamen and green hands;
all parts of world. HERMAN'S. .6 Steuart.
MKN and women to learn barber trade. S. F.
BARBER COLLEGE. 741A Howard- st.
WINCHESTER House. 44 Thirt St.. near Mar-
ket: "ro rooms, 2.">c night: reading-rooms; free
'bus nnd hasTcnce to and from the ferry.
' HEMORRHOIDS.
PILES— 300 cures business men In San Fran-
cisco; can be se<»n; nn operation: no pain: par-
ticulars sent. Ad. Physician, box 1950. Call.
HOUSES. LIVK STOCK. Ete— For Sale
40 HORSES for sale; also wasons. buggies,
carts, harness. Grand Arcade Horse Market,
S27 Sixth St.: auction sales every Wednesday
SULLIVAN A DOYLE. Auctioneers.
FOR SALE— Pair young; mules; msdium size:
lady drives slr.;le or double. 4S4 Merrlmac
St., Oakland; forenoons.
FOR sale — Light span cf young mares. Inquire
1202 Mission st.
FEED Manhattan food: keeps horses, cows,
poultry and dogs healthy. 1233 Folsom »t.. S.F.
3 FRESH cows with calves for sale. Apply
J. F. PERLE. Angel Island.
HOTSES TO LET.
A— PRINTED LIST Housea to let: send for cir-
cular. G. H. UMKSEN & CO., 14 Montjomery.
jtJU CALIFORNIA si.; fine house. 8 rooms.
i bath: conservatory : hot air heaters.
I HOUSE of 4 rooms In rear of 13S Parker ave..
I near Point Lobos, So. '
! HOUSE. 3 rooms ar.d b:\tn: lot 23x137. 1713 EJ-
l dy st.. near Pierce; price J»_V>.
• MODERN house: Presidio Heights: 11 rooms
i and bath: 3113 Jackson 5t : ront reasonable.
{ Apply MADISON «r m'RKn.
! MODERN house 6 roorrs. decorated, bath. lar^-»
» yard, basement: grand marine vIpw; rrnt $_>.
' Tl~ T^»nvenworth *t . neaf I nmbard.
i
: HIJTOIOTlS-t.
PROF. DILLON, considered by the press nr.d
public as America';" greatest hypnotist :
teaches hypnotism scientifically In <•>., r?
I private; all UIWIM diseases anl bad hiiii'. t
j rured without thr t:?» of ilrujts. 324 O'Farrell.
i COMPLETE course instructions and iHrliwn.i.
I S lessons. £>: ctearette an) other bad habit'
1 cured. PROFESSOR K. U. RAYMOND, 3JI
j Market >t. : hours 2 tr> 5 dally.
LOW .\>J* Kuli.NU.
LOST— Nov. 1, purs« contalnlnK gold ar.d check:
I liberal reward: no quertlunH asked. Return to
E. X. N., Black Hawk Stables, 1013 Valencia.
LOST— Lady's gold watch and fob. initial.-* L.
M. S. on case ar.d elephant on fob. Rewar.l
for return to 7r.7A Howard st.
LOST— Lady's cold watch, key winder. Elgin
movement. Return 8_3 Polk; liberal rewarii.
LOST— A passbook with the Hlbernla Saving*
»nd Lean Society of San Francisco. In th-j
tiame of MURCY n. WADDELL. No. Wl-lSs.
The finder will please return to bank. Octo-
ber -1. 19cn.
JIliUICAU
D^r^CD^-R^r^A^lEXl-STlaSe^^TjiT^
specialists; 33 years' practice: nave treated
thousand* of cases successfully; positive c;i—
K'j^ranteed at office; ladies treated can return
h»me same day; H1NDO HERS home cure,
any one can use it with satisfaction: perfect-
ly harmless. Send stamps for circular.
DR. G. W. O'DONNELL. moved to 101S Mar-
Ket. opp. 5th; world-renowned ladles' speclat-
lst; safe, reliable; practiced in San Francisco
for years; treated thousands of cases success-
fully; treatment can b« used at home: conanl-
tatlon free. After all others fail call on him.
MRS. DR. WYETH. reliable specialist: 25 yrn.'
practice: guaranteed treatment at office. $5;
.any ailment:- home for pattenta: consult fr««.
942 Post st.. bet. Hyde and Larkla.THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, NOVEMBER 4,/ 1900.
29
-iII-IJIl-AL,
EKS GOODWIN, well-known ladles' specialists,
havr- returned from Europe; safe and reliable*
«-ur» S5; have treated thousands or cases with
¦22*"tj ir ; J'***™' practice in S. F.; low Tees.
10? .4 Market tt.. near Sixth.
11 P.P. DR. WTETII. reliable specialist* 25 yrs •
practice: treatment at office. $5; any aii-
tTirnt: consultation free; guaranteed HI
Vtmt ft., bet. Hyde and Larkln. "
IMPORTANT notice for ladle*-Help for the
poor; r*!l on a physician with men's kn«wl-
rCse; every wrman h«> r own physician; can be
Mgcd t-.Tie. DR. POPPER. 'ra Keai-ny ct.
ye, TOY KEE, Chinese doctor; cures consump-
Oon, --sneer, catarrh, etc.; a!l diseases treat-
ted; nod for testimonials; advice free. Sanl-
urmrn. .&4 Sacramento st.. corner Kearny.
£>K. J. HERBERT REEVE, 26H Kearny *t —
New hygienic sanitarium: supposed Incurable
<-hr.>nlo -Hfeeases are cured by electro hygiene.
15 US. PR. KOHL. PS7 MARKET~ST.. corned
Bi-ctn—Bafe and reliable ladles* physician;
¦treatment. *>S: positU-.; <-ure guaranteed.
MBS. DR. ALLEN. 1(35 Market-Ladles' epe"-
<•::.'. >*t: safe and pure cure. $5; bent care; low
:<*<-e: when all others fall consult free.
55a r>n. GWVER. ladies* tpedaUst; home
ff patients. 510 Eddy St.
m. WISE, the ladles' specialist. !11S Market st.
KISCELLA.\nOlS FOH SALE.
n>ILERS. engines, :d-hand maeh!nery~~M(>
IN lj -3H & WOLPMA X. l&i-m Fremont st.
BARS, back bars, mirrors, showcases, counters,
: -Aetna, now and second hand; we always
:• ive b large stock of saloon outfits on hand;
:: complete outfits on our floor ready madf;
«¦' '¦an fh'.p everything in 24 hours. J.
NOOXAJf, 1017. iriJ. 1021. I02S Mission et..
s=!j;th; write fr>r catalogue.
B" OERMAIM Billiard Co.. "formerly Jacob
Rtrahl« & Co.; ri^neer billiard house: estab-
ehetj XESt 409 Market et.: billiard, pool, tiv-
.: sir.d ;>acoda tables; •'expert-' cushions, un-
r \aled for *p<*e<I. accuracy and durability :
. ->brated •¦Rapid" utee-m and lager beer ap-
ratns. with nushers and cleaners; install-
HJtJ <>r rw.Ted.
A niZAUTIFLTL cluster diamond and turquoise
.-re: <~ r *t new J90; for only $50. UNCLE
KAURIS. 15 Grant ave.
2 FINE Pedigreed collie pups, dog and bitch.
Zi Foisom ave., off Folscm «.. near Eighth.
PERFn'TLY new latest style sealskin jacket.
c<>st j:4*. £or $115. at UNCLE HARRIS", IS
¦Jrtrt ave.
FEALSKTN c-at for tsale cheap at B13 Poet «t.
"NEW EF.OOMS— The Golden West Broom Fac-
tory at CS ar.2 00 Clay et.. near Kearny, has
Just start eJ; storekeepers can be supplied with
eil k'.nfis cf brooms at the cheapest rates;
-rd^rs by rr.ail attended to.
EI'Y a brsnJ new typewriter for {5 down ana 15
r*r month; write for catalogue and price.
TTPEWniTER EXCHANGE. 403 California
Ft. ; r^rita!*, new machines, iZ per month.
A — BUYS. Fellfe cr rents gear machinery, en-
p-.r.fs. tv.i!»rs. water pipe, shafting, pulleys,
etc. WHITLLAW. 21$ i^ear tt. s
R-HOItSE Golden Gate r&s or gasoline engine,
j:; ; can be teen running at C23 Golden
c'ate ave.
Fn.MAT.D taNf, tails. cue« ar.d rack, com-
plet*; dirt cheap. BEXJ. CURTAZ & SOX.
:t OFarrell St.
TOUJCG fox hound for sale. KS Lisbon st.
PHOTO an<i map;l' < lantern c^ods bought, sold,
exchanced. iny Montgomery et.
ONE d"z*>n beautiful Belgian hares for sale
cl:esj>. Bex Z", Call office.
A LADV8 h;s!i--rra<5e bicycle for eale cheap.
VZZC Howard st.
FTSfZ «u!t. J-oT dress pants. J2 73. MISFIT
CLOTHING PAULORS. 4:7 Montgomery st.
A-r, EH DERBY ar.d Fedora hats, tl 75. Pcpu-
'.nr Pr:o» Hatter*. 330 Kearr.y Bt.. n»ar Pine.
A— SOB HORSEPOWER enrine. boiler, two-drill
air oors-Tt-ssors. JAIIDINE'S. 220 Fremont st.
FIEST-CLASS second-hand modern engines and
¦ bottom bough! and toll. KROG11 Mfg. Co.
2M-UGHT dynamo, enrrtne and bo']»r. com-
Ikte: cheap. H. $. WHITE. 51G MisMcn st.
WILL rent full dress Tuxedo or Prince Albert
«?uits for K 30. Portland Loan Office. "5 Stktn.
FA FES— New and second hand. THE HER-
MANN SAFE CO.. 417-43 Sacramento et.
JVT1TAHLK er.gines. boilers; Iron and wood
I-liT'TP, lathes; ;<3 hard. J. Burke. I3if Beale.
MAGIC lanterns, new and it hand; moving
pictures. nriJ-ARD & BRECK. 131 Post st.
JC-TO.V Fairbanks scale and fire and burglar
proof safe. US California st.
SAFES— New and F«-cotid hand: al! sizes. THE
WALTZ 5-AFE. l.m-:il Market i-t.. San Fran.
MISCELLWnOCS WANTS.
£'-/OXD-HAXI> fcrrvr cuttir.s power band
raw: planer ar.3 iron vise. St. Germain Bil-
liard Co.. 4 f 'S Market st. *
Y.'ANTEB— To buy, a set of ship's carpenter
tools in gocd condition. Apply at 18^ Clara.
WE ft.r«? paying for dry rabbit and Belgian
hart- tkins 7'*c to S'-jo per lb. HERMAN
WALDECK CO.. ZS Clay Et.
A— CLOTHING, sealskins. Jewelry, etc.. bought;
¦rill r-ail. L. Bros.. 3 Stktn: phone Black 1201.
L. SPAR BE a & SON removed €24 Mission st.;
pay highest prices for tuo)s and machinery.
OfiOD duck dog. well broken. Box SC02. Call
office-.
WANTED — rurirht rlano for cash. II. L.
IVBITEHEAP. 17:0 Market st. _____
I.AiJlE?' ani pents-o-ist-off olothins bought A
sold. x?!l\Tman. SM Folsom; tel. Folsom 1191.
KLEIN ft. II r-nys bert price for clothing, brlc-
p-hrnc ar,.1 hooks. m9 Klith Ft.; tel. Jessie 141.
«O\|.;v TO I.OAV.
ANY amount on furniture, pianos, without re-
moval, or any other good security; payable
La<~k in installments or ae a whole; if ycu
owe a fcs!fin<-«? on th«- purchase price we will
; ay it and carr> the luan as lone as you de-
e'.re; evo:d red ts;>e and publicity; see us
fir*'"- : >-.->u will be waited upon quietly and
quk-ldr. «'a!i «;(U63 Donoho* W<ig\. 1170 Market.
AA — EKS"T rates and easiest terms.
Hecond Vortcages
tntermtl in Estates
Undivided interests in Real Estate
Financial ;n>li!fmf of all sorts and sites
¦Clred by HERMAN MURPHY. C30 Market.
A— MONEY to loin at ratrs whl<-h people can
af."'-r<i to riay on furniture, pianos, etc.; do
j.oi borrow of your friends cr you will lose
thfir frl<?n<1rh!p: do business with stranger*
and vou will be better satisli'il; no delay; no
jAibiirity. Iiooma 6 and 10. JKiC Market st.
ANY amount at C [>cr cent: 1st. 2d and 31 mort-
K&g*a, undivided ir.trr»-«t, real estate in pro-
bate; niortgaKes nnd legariet- bought; no de-
lay; get rny terms 1-efore doing business else-
where. Ji. Mc< 'OLOAN. 14 Montgomery, r. 2.
A>£Y prapOflUoa, eny amount; 6 per rent: Unit,
srecn'i rr.ortCRpe*. crtatf* In probate, interest
In e?tstes. le-raries. corporation loans, chattel
mort-rajTf-s. life Insurance. K^«jm 16, first floor,
Chr. -nx-le buiMir.g. HALLORAN & OLSEN.
HIGHLY resriectable private place to obtain
llbernl advance* en diamonds. Jewelry at low-
o*t rates. Baldwin Jewelry Store. R4G Market
•rt.; tel. Main 1644. Branch IS Th'.rd et.
A—tSOQ.QM OX f!ty and country real estate and
enates; chattrl rnortcages; notes and col-
l»'.er&:K. J- BROWNFTO.VE. II Montgomery.
MOST relsabie place to borrow on diamonds,
Welches, jewelry. W. J. HESTHAL. 10 Sixth;
liisi^H prit-e for old poM. silver, diamonds.
AT t3t Kearr.y rt.. room K. re»->eotable. private
file"*- to bormw r>n watches, diamonds; lowest
rates; ttko elevator. Tetofecnc Davis 955.
LOANK. 1st cr tJ tnnTtfra(;es: city or country:
f. r>«T c« nt undivided intor-f^ts; estate-*: any
¦«-opoF]iinn. IIARPKIt. £S7 Parrott building.
AXY amount by private r>arty on furniture and
piano;-: n>> removal; !ow rates; confidential.
BOSfBLLI. 3fl Jon»s St.. corner Eddy.
H'HY ,'«>• rent? V.> loan rm-ncy to build with;
»-ns!i monti:!y payments. HOME BUILDING
«'»MI'ANV. 212 Sar.sr>n,e «., room 2.
A I. f> TIN'S Sa'ary Loan Co.. ZW Parrott bulld-
lmr; rne-n an re<?-jre loanit on personal note.
MQMST loaned salaried people without security.
_J£H>L. nn. 44, Merchants' Ex.. 431 California.
J'ltiv A.T1Z party <-n furniture and pianos; Z per
»<*ect; no -t-meval; no ccrnmis'n. 6 Eddy. r. H,
TO salaried l-wie without security; ail busi-
'"•frf B0S9datlaL Tousley Co.. S21 Parrott big.
l'.'j.\'Ei' to loan na 'urnlture by private party;
Jrviv rate. i!7 Market St.. room L
OX furniture erA pianos: no removal; confl-
<1' > nti;i!; r,Ti diiir.icnds. *>tf. 23 Taylor st.
<-."iFJf )'.:in»>i to i-alarled people on note without
lr.doi-t.tr. MORnELL. 6'jS Examiner building.
TO ralar'ed people without collateral or In-
rtorwr. S. F. I>:s~-unt Ag»nry. Hi Phelan big.
MOXEV WASTED.
VAXTE'.>- Tr. borrow. $1300; 6 percerajwiru
num: nal fstate wourlty. Box g. Call of flee. ¦
MI:SICAIj lASFROIUXTS.
A MACXIFICENT upright piano, used a shcrt
time, offere*! tli!s w*-ek. $l<50; a flne piano.
flf<>: «-l#>*-»nt n*-w Fiwlr «t popular prices.
DEW1NGS. Flood bulldlnr. ,
SPECIAL snap* In a few ell^rhtlr used pianos.
£<¦», us. BENJ. CURTAZ & SON. 1« O'Far-
r».ll i»t. ; Chickoring a**-«»nojr and everything
-pertaining to music; i-vinj'honion music boxes.
¦' MUSICAL. INSTRUMENTS.
ALL purchasers of pianos at Byron Maury's
have the privilege of exchanging for one of
the celebrated Sohmer Pianos, or one of our
Byron Mauzy Pianos, any tlm» within four
years, full purchase price being allowed. Our
rent plan has been the best offered to the
public for the past three yea— ». A large sire,
beautifully finished, full-toned piano, with
stool and cover, warranted for five years, for
1350, $6 cash and $S per month. This is not a
cheap piano, full -.felue being given for every
dollar spent. BYRON MAUZY. Sole Asent
Bohmer & Co., Byron Mauzy, Gabler, Spell-
man and Hamilton Pianos. 308. 310. 312 Post.
ALL purchasers of pianos at SHERMAN,
CLAY & CO.'S have the privilege of ex-
changing for a STEINWAT any time within
three years and full purchase price allowed:
th« best makers of every trade to select from;
beautiful new uprights $6 cash. $6 per month;
i>ome pood pianos for $3. $4 and $5 per month.
SHERMAN. CLAY & CO.. STEINWAY
DEALERS, corner Kearny and Sutter sts..
Pan Francisco: corner Broadway and Thir-
icr.th rts.. Oakland.
THE Decker & Son pianos excel all others.
The Decker & Son pianos please good players.
The Decker & Son pianoe last a lifetime.
The Decker & Son piano? are the ones to buy.
THE ZEXO MAUVAIS MUSIC CO.. 76D Mar-
ket et., agents.
j AYE want you to call and see the bargains we
have. Fine second-hand pianos for $10i, $150.
$175, $200. »3O0. $XX>. Beautlfal new ones for
$200 to JS50. All pianos sold on easy pay-
ments if you desire, and you can at any tttne
exchange for a new Decker & Bon.
i We are the only house In the city that sells
j all kinds of musical Instruments on easy pay-
ments; call and s»>e us and learn how easy
It Is to buy. MAUVAIS MUSIC CO., 769 Mar-
ket St.
! ABSOLUTELY the oldest and largest house
: west of Chicago l» KOHLER & CHASE'S, 26.
I 28 and 30 O'Farrell st. ; pianos, organs and
| all other musical Instruments of all grades
and prices: terms easy; prices lowest; every-
thing poyslble done to please and satisfy the
customer.
A BEAUTIFUL large upright grand piano:
must be- sacrificed In 5 days; leaving clt/.
222 Turk St.
4 FINE uprights, little used: Shoninger. Behr-
ing. Steinway and Sohmer. KEEFFE'S, 333
Market «t.
OUT of employment; must sell a fine upright
piano immediately. Box 44. Call office.
$100— FINE large upright piano. S64S Eighteenth
street.
WANTED— Good second-hand upright piano
from $30 to $100 cash. Box 22. Call office.
BEST rent stock in city; new pianos; $3 per
month. SCOTT CURTAZ. 560 Hayes st.
HIGH-GRADE piano, nearly new. $165. HEINE
Piano Co.. 217 Geary st.
SUPERIOR \-lollns. -cither*, old and new. H.
MULLER. maker, repairer. 2 Latham place.
ELEGANT Sohrr.er upright, good as new, and
other great bargains. BRUENN, 208 Post st.
FINE Vr>edal upright piano: sacrificed on ac-
count of sickness. POT McAllister st.
A cleaning out of pianos for storage; dirt cheap;
ir.stallmen*s. Wilson's Storage, 1710 Market.
AT KEEFFE'S. 933 Market *»t.. 4 elegant up-
rishts at your own price. Shoninger agency.
A BARGAIN; must be sold; nice upright piano.
SCHMITZ. 16 McAllister st.. next Hib. Dank.
HIGH-GRADE pianos; Steok. Hardman. Con-
over A others. W. B. ALLEN & CO.. 314 Post.
OFFICES AM) STOKUS TO LET.
EMMA SPRECKELS building. *27 Market «t.—
Light sunny offices, $15 to $29 per month, with
light, heat. Janitor and use of phone.
STORE. 2 rooms. $15; corner store. $17. 323 and
325 Bryant et.. oppo.-ito new factory.
SALOON" and lodging bouse. Corner First and
Federal *ts.. Mail Dock; good Inducements.
LARGE elegant store nnd basement. 993 Va-
OIL.
OIL STOCKS.
Bachelors 43
Monarch. Punset district 40
Gray Gander, Kern River 25
Ophlr ::
Three States OS
: Lone Star OS
PORTER & CHENEY.
Member of Producers' Oil Exchange.
Stocks, bonds and securities bought and sold.
MO California st.
JOSEPH B. TOPLITZ. 33" Pine street.
MEMBER PRODUCERS' OIL EXCHANGE.
Country correspondence solicited.
Oil, LAAIiS POlt SALE.
| PROVEN oil lands in the Kern River fleld
for eale; no stock proporitlon; no wildcat
echeme: this is sure territory in the largest
ai.d best known fleld In California. If you
want to form a company buy good land on
the line of the railroad. NEWTON, CARMAN
& SOMES. S. C. MASON, agent, 11 Mont-
gomery st.
PALMISTRY.
I H. JEROME FOSSELLI. scientific palmist. 515
j Taylor st_. bet. Geary and Post: tel. Black 56L
j MMK. NEERGAARD. 700 Post: tel. Hyde 291$:
] hour* 1 to S »ve.. nnd l«iin'i«v hv npnotnt— i«r.t
I %*
PATENTS ANI) PENSIONS^
ADVICE free: nn charge unless successful.
GEO. D. CAMPBELL. Lawyer. Examiner big
I'EItSO.VALS.
AN attractive German lady from East, good
business qualities, would like to form the
acquaintance of business man; no triflers;
object matrimony. Address box 38, Call.
I ATTRACTIVE, reflnrd lady, wealthy, sweet
I disposition, will devote life to kind husband.
"Lonesome," 771 North Park ave.. Chicago.
A REFINED widow (28) wishes the acquain-
tance of a *rentieman of means; object matri-
mony; references exchanged. Ad. box 42. Call.
A REFINED lady would like to make the ae-
; quair.tance cf an honorable gentleman; object
i matrimony. Box 41, rail office.
I GENTLEMAN. S«. good habits, excellent busi-
ness man. wishes to correspond with lady of
some means; object matrimony. Address
box 52. C8-11 office.
j WANTED— To meet a young lady who can
j i-iay accompaniments on piano. Box ti3. Call.
¦ A BOY cr elrl baby for adoption. MRS. DR.
I FUNKE. 1416 .Eighth St.. Alameda.
: TUESDAY voters will decide who. will be our
', r.exi President. The public have long since
' decided tho Ftar Hair Remedy has no equal
us b tonic and restorative. It never fails to
restore gray and fad*d hair to natural color,
cure dandruff and eczema: stops falling;
j grows new hair. Not surprising it Is crowd-
lr.f out all other hair preparations, is It?
Don't be a "wazzer": use "The Star." Sold
by druggists and hair dressers. Take no other.
! LEDERKR is the hair dresser who gives you
[ the latest hair stylet- for the least money, 25c,
j switches, $1 up. 12J Stockton st.
, CANCER cured at home by internal treatment;
i no knife. i>!af=ter f>r pain: book, and testi-
monials mailed free. Cancer Institute, 121
West Forty-second St.. N. Y.
! STRICTLY private and eecluded resldenceaway
| from tho public gaze, for the treatment of
women: confinement oasts taken. MRS. DR.
FUNKE, 1416 Eighth St.. Alameda.
LADIES— Bum enlarged 6 inches; failure Im-
jv.ssible: harmless; tlOO guarantee: proof free.
| Leonard Medicine Co.. Kansas City, Kan.
j ALL scalp and hair diseases successfully treat-
i r<' at the Hlrruitlne Co., 6 Eddy St.. r-jonn
i 78 and 74. E. R. DUKLAP, Proprietress.
NOTICE— I clean all kinds of wallpaper same
j as new; free trial. Parker. 24'J) Post,st.
i LEDERER'R Quintcnlca Hair Tunic 'stops the
I hair from falling out. price 35c bottle.
i FINE men's shirts made in first-class style.
j 210V4 Sixth «.. room 11-
I SKIRTS made fl 50 and up; skirts made over
ard rebound. 240li Sixth St.. room 16. .
! LEDERER'S Foamo Shampoo cleanses the
j scalp thoroughly, 5e pkg. Grt sample pkg.
! DEAFNESS cured or no pay. C. 11. ROWAN.
j Milwaukee, Wis. '.
I ASK for unequaled D. F. Black Su<-de Gloves;
I tl 25 a pair; guaranteed. 121 Grant ave.
! PRIVATE detective work; reasonable rates; 10
rears' experience, j. n. RAY, 357 Jessie et.
f-CIENTIFIC mar«nt;e treatment by trained
I male nurse from the East. 834 O'Farrell st.
RAC carpets wove to order and for eale: also
chcnille-wove rugs, silk portieres; dealer In
carpet twine, in bank or chain, at lowest
rates. GEO. MATTHEWS, 709 Fifth. Oakland.
SECRETS that win; knowledge that pays:
science that brings business & social success;
cures disease & bad habits; wins love and
friendship; gratifies ambitions; gives wonder-
ful power & control over others; you can learn
at home: write for our elegantly Illustrated
bock, which fully explains all hidden myster-
ies of Personal Magnetism, Hypnotism, Mag-
netic Healing, etc.; It's free. Add. New York
Inrt. of Science. Dept 117 A. Rochester. N. Y.
MATTRESSES AND PILLOWS— Tel. South 792;
made to order; renovated; honest work ijuar-
ar.teed; feathers and hair cleansed; uphol-
Etered furniture cleaning a specialty: flne up-
holt-tery. HOPKE BROS.. 318 and 320 11th »t.
ELECTIIIC lights In every room — Winchester
Hotel, 44 Third «t., near Market: 700 rooms;
26c to |1 50 per night;' $1 CO to $S per' week;
free 'bus and baggage to and from the fern'.
1IME. ADA. wonderful gifted healer. 1104 Mar-
Icet. ¦ r. 3. 4, cures spinal trouble; rheumatism,
blindness, paralysis and all nervous diseases.
¦ - ¦ : - PERSONALS. .
CONSTTPATION— Positive cure by metni of
the Dilator or Marvelous Blood Circulator; no
drugs or medicine. 982 Geary; consult free.
SUITS to order on Installments; $15 upward; $1
a week. LEON LEMOS. 1117 Market »t., be-
twnen Seventh and Eighth.
DR. LAMOTTE*S French Corn Paint, the best
corn cure; 2Jc, all druggists. '
BUY your coal of LANGE & GOFF, successors
to W. H. Wiseman. 1711 Sacto. ; tel. Sutter 2776.
ELECTROLYSIS destroys superfluous hair,
moles; trial free. MISS EATON. 1119 Sutter.
SUITS to order on easy payments. Art Tallor-
Ing Co.. 1644 Mkt.. under St. Nicholas Hotel.
OLD gold, silver, diamonds and precious stones
bought J. R. JEXKEL, 817 Market st.
ALFREDUMS Egyptian Henna; restores gray
hair to Its natural color: $1; at all druggists.
PHYSICIANS AND SURGEONS.
DR. C. C. O'DONNELL^Of flee and residence,
1021H Market »t.. between Sixth and Seventh.
PIlOrKRTY WANTED.
WANTED— Lodging-house for cash or ex-
change, fruit and grain farm, with or with-
out improvements. or exchange farms for
home near bay. Apply A. L. WILLEY. room
IK. »16 Market st. S. F. ; office hours 8 to 8.
RKAL ESTATE- — CITY FOR SALE.
LYON & HOAG.
114 Montgomery street.
.. »,^ A Charming Home Sacrificed.
$4,000— $800 cash, balance to suit; splendid 2-
«ory house; contains 8 largo sunny
rooms, bath, etc.; located close to Cas-
tro and Nineteenth streets; large lot'
50x114; beautiful garden. .
.-» /w, $50 ° Cash, $30 Monthly.
*t3.o<io— Handsome new house overlooking Golden
<tate Park; contains 7 larpe rooms, fin-
ished basement; up-to-date plumbing:
bay-windows front and rear: charming
situation: Ninth avenue, near K street.
.. »«^ two blocks south of the Park.
$4,500— Rent 854; fine interest paying property;
\allejo st., near Mason; Improvements
flats and houses; lot 45x137:6; very
cheap.
«,•> «/« T . Corner «n Wholesale District.
$12,000— Howard street, near Second; frame
building; lot 30x90.
Xew Home at the Mission.
$2,SS0— $400 cash, balance J25 monthly: Alva-
rado st.. near Noe and Twenty-second;
contains 5 large sunny rooms, porcelain
bath, etc; everything up to date; take
Castro-street cars to Alvarado street,
walk one block east.
Pays Almost 12 Per Cent.
$12.*0O— Good investment; clc*e to Market and
Valencia; always rented; lot 75 ft. front.
Twenty-fourth-street Business Property.
$5,500 — Rent $4S; handsome modern building;
contains store and 3 rooms in rear; flat
above containing 8 rooms and bath; also
stable in rear; size of lot 29x114; a fine
piece of property in a growing district.
Business Corner.
$3,150— New building, store and flat at the Po-
' trero: a fine district for business; mort-
gage $2. HO.
' A Dt»visailero-street Home.
I $6,000— Two-story bay-window house, contain-
| ing 8 rooms and bath; an offer wanted.
j LYON A HOAG, 114 Montgomery st.
CHEAPEST LOTS ~ —- — ~-
1 IN THE WESTERN ADDITION.
: SELLING FAST. SELLING FAST.
j $1250 upward: sold by order Union Trust Co.
I to close an estate: splendid Investments or resl-
I dence lots; Rood lots for flats; also business
j corners; block bounded by Fillmore, Stelner,
i Union and Green streets; streets accepted; lots
I on grade; fine marine views; close to most
I fashionable residence section of the city; Fill-
; more and Union street cars pass the property:
several lots already gold.
LYON & HOAG,
114 Montgomery st.
{ MADISON & BURKE. ~~~
Established January. 1S58.
; Real Estate Agents.
, I Full charge taken of property.
| €2»j Market st.. opposite Palace Hotel.
i $6*jO f >— PINE st.. near Scott: 2 flats: rents $57 50;
j lot 25x127:6. MADISONi& BURKE.
i $7000-INSIDE of Fillmore. in the best part of
)/ the Western Addition; three flats, rent $55;
I must be sold; will take small house In nice
part of the city as part payment. MADISON
j & BURKE.
1 LAUNDRY building with 2 flowing wells of Al
1 water, tanks, barn and lot 163-£l2»», on north
j line of Iximbard. bet. Fillmore and Stelner:
i 8jso lot U2xl2o on Chestnut st., In rear, rents
: $73 per month; must be sold on account of
• non-r<*Eidence. MADISON & BURKE.
¦ BUSH-ST. corner, near Kearny; lot 60x70. with
i large, substantial building: rents $230 per
I month. MADISON & BURKE.
MISSION-ST. bargain, near Twelfth: large lot.
new improvements, store and flats: rents $110;
•price $13.000. MADISON & BURKE.
j $10.500— A fine vacant property lot. S7:6x9O, with
I two corners; Taylor and Greenwich; Just the
j _place for a grocery. MADISON & BURKE.
! JKCf'O— AN elegant north corner In the Presidio
I Heights district: C0x90: this is choice prop-
j _ff^_and very cheap. MADISON & BURKE.
j $6.".C0 — Bl'SH. near Webster; 8 rooms and bath;
1 elegantlv finished interior; 27x100. MADI-
i SON & BURKE.
I $?2.-ft-HAYES-ST. flats, near the Park; lot »x
I 137:6; rent3 $5r.; must be sold: north line of
and modern. MADISON & BURKE.
I :3.'/iO— RA UFCH St.. near Howard; large lot.
with double house; big rent; must sell.
I MADISON & BURKE.
J $1S.OCO— AN elegant marine view house, in the
best of condition; will take a smaller house
I for part pay If not too far out. MADISON
j & BURKE. "
1 $2000— BERNARD, near Leavenworth: rent $21;
: a good investment. MADISON & BURKE.
PIXE. near Scott; double house: sunny: small
house; 51:6x137:6; chean. MADISON &
_BURKE.
; $4i00— FLATS in the W. Add., near the Pan-
I handle: rent $45; thoroughly modern and
j street bitumlnized. MADISON & BURKE.
; SUTTER ?t., corner of Buchanan; 35xS7:6; only
| $SflOO. MADISON & BURKE.
I GEORGE M. WILLCOX, ~~
! 328 Montgomery Street.
INVESTMENTS.... CHOICE ...INVESTMENTS
*.*fft.Of«— Annual rental $2SS0; McAllister, near
i Market: substantial fifty-foot front building:
; three stories and basement; three tenants; al-
i ways Rented; S0xl37:6.
I $30,000— Annual rental $2400; guaranteed for
I next five years; Clay St.: 36x137:6.
j $25.0C0 — Annual rental $1CSO; Sax:rajnento-street
business property: 50x46.
( $20,000— Annual rental $1710; Fillmore, nr. Mc-
! Aillster: two stores; four modern flats; nearly
j new; 50x?7:6; extra .flne property.
) $17.000 — Annual rental $1500: Howard St.; four
I stories and basement; building alooe cost
I $13,000.
$13,000— Annual rental $330; Stelner-at. corner
stores and flats; 48x81.
$12.000 — AnnunI rental $1260; Jackson-street
i business property: 48xSl.
! Annual rental $900; two Harrison-street dwell-
j ings; eleven rooms and bath each; both in g'ood
1 condition: SOxRj; bid wanted.
: $6&00 — Annual rental $660; Western Addition
stores and flats.
$55CO— AnnunI rental $540: three six-room cot-
taires. near Larkln and Clay sts.
j $3150— Annual rental $300 on five years' lease;
I three lots near Mitslon road: 100x130 each. •
i GEORGE M. WILLCOX.
1 . 328 Montgomery street.
! HOMES! %k HOMES!
i ON KASY MONTHLY PAYMENTS.
Buy your family a home. Pay for it with
1 ynur rent money; 4, 5 and 6 room cottages, con-
: t.-iinin-j all the latest improvements. wMl built:
j close to the cars; street work done; an elegant
• chance to fret i> home.
OSCAR HEYMAN. 14 Post Bt.
I SOME BARGAINS AT $5 A MONTH.
> • $150 and upward: fine building lets; 1 block
from Twenty-second-fit, cars.
Four level lots nr. Mission st. for $300; 100x120.
Two building lots for $300: near Crencent ave.
Lots 25x100 each, half block from San Mateo
j electric cars.
I Sunset Heights lots on Fourteenth ave., 25x120
j each: rrand view.
I Lots north of the Park, near Point L->bos ave.
I OSCAR HEVMAN, 14 Post st. v
! $5 MONTHLY: new 4-room and bath, bay-win-
dow cottage; 50x125: near Frultvale: price $700.
OSCAR HEYMAN. 14 Post st.
! $10 MONTHLY; new 3-room cottage and 3 level
lots: half blcrk from Pan Mateo electric cars.
I v OSCAR HEYMAN, 14 ( Po£t St.
! SUNSET HEIGHTSTMSTALLMENT LOTS.
10 per cent cash; $15 per month; Interest 7
per cent; choice Park lot* ready to build, on;'
within 5 minutes ''walk from the Music Stand:
nrices ranging from $600 upward; possession
triven so that home can be built Immediately.
G. H.' UMBSEN & CO.. 14 Montgomery rt.
1 «i2 000— NEW residence, modern and attractive,
with flne marine view: near the cars: 6 bed-
I room- 2 baths, 3 toilets, living-room. MlllarJ-
reom; furnace, laundry, etc.; everything coin-
nlete- near Broadway and Fillmore; should
! be J-ei-n to be appreciated. HOOKER & LENT,
14 Pert st.
HEA DQU A RTER8 for Mission. Real Estate.
4 lots within tone block of • Mlsslon-st. car-
hcuse- for $5C0; houses of all kinds for pale on
easy in«tallmi?nts. Call at D. COFFIN'S cigar
store, at 3323 Mlssl6n St., opposite Twenty-
nlnth. ' \ ' ' ' ¦
BEST bargain ever offeVed— Two I-story dwell-
ings, each containing S ; rooms and bath, with
finished attic and basement: on the east side
of Masonic ave.. one block south of Frederick.
HOUSE, S rooms and bath; lot -25x137. ~ 1715
Eddy. st., near Pierce; price $4250.
REAL ESTATE— CITY— FOR 8AXE.
G. H. UMBSEN & CO.. *
REAL ESTATE AGENTS,
14 MONTGOMERY ST.
$100,000— Rents $5808 per annum; a real bargain;
, corner hotel, 6-story, nearly new mod-
ern building In 6 stores and 100 rooms;
In the heart of the hotel district.
$7,500— Pacific Heighti; marine view residence;
elegant and modern; 9 rooms and bath;
sunny side of the street; 28:9x120; ma-
rine views unobstructed.
, $7,000— Geary st. ; a real bargain; 2-story bay-
wlndow residence of 9 rooms and bath;
all modern Improvements; large lot,
30x137:6; must be seen to be appre-
ciated.
$6,500— Rents $660 per annum; 3 flats of 8, 6
and 8 rooms and bath each; modern;
25x90 feet; very nice, location In the
"Western Addition; mortgage of $1000
can remain.
$5.500 — Rents $630 per annum; 2 modern park
flats of 11 and 7 rooms and bath each;
25x120.
$5,500— A bargain; Post st. residence; sub-
stantial two-story bay-window house
of 9 rooms, etc.. etc.
$5,250 — Rents $553 per annum; Grove st. and
Ivy ave. ; 2-story house of 13 rooms and
2 baths and cottage of 4 rooms.
$5,000-Corner 60-vara lot on Larkln St., 137:6
xl37:6; street accepted.
$3.500— Rents $384 per annum; 2 flats of 6 and 5
rooms and bath each and cottage of fi
rooms and bath; Western Addition;
handy to several lines of cars; 37:6x
120; 2 frontages; a real bargain.
$3,000— Rents $444 per annum; business corner
on Dupont st.; store, flat and cottage.
$3,000 — Rents $28S per annum; business corner
near Twenty-third and Valencia sts.;
store and fiat; 29x76.
$3,000— Rents $382 rer annum: Jones st.; 2
flats of 7 and 5 rooms and bath each;
brick foundation, etc.
$2,500 — Rents $223 per annum; Geary «t. busl-
net-B property; substantial building,
store and flat; 30:0x75.
$2,000— Mission home; large corner near Mis-
sion and Guerrero sts.: car lines; cot-
tage of 4 rooms and lot.
New Pocket Map of San Francisco County, 25c.
Choice list of building lots in every part of
the city at prices to suit.
Call and obtain one of our Real Estate Re-
cords, which contains a list of properties for
sale in all parts of the city.
G. H. UMBSEN & CO..
14 Montgomery st.
g. h. umbsen & co.,
14 montgomery street.
auction:
AUCTION!
AUCTION!
AUCTION!
AUCTION!
. A U C T I O N!
At our Salesroom, Monday, November 5, 1900. at
12 O'clock Noon.
CHOICE BUSINESS CORNER.
Partition Sale.
NW. cor. Jackson and Drumm sts.; improve-
ments consist of 6 stores and lodging-house
rented to one tenant: $120 per month: lot 60x60.
HAYES-ST. BUSINESS PROPERTY.
Administrator's Sale.
451 and 453 Hayes st.. near Octavla; flat of 6
rooms and bath, coal yard and stable; rents $55
per month; lot 25x120 to rear street; subject to
confirmation by the Superior Court.
ADMINISTRATOR'S SALE.
An undivided half interest in the following 2
properties, subject to confirmation by the court:
NO. 1.
B41, 643 and 645 Haight St.. S. line, near Fill-
more «t. : S 2-story bay-window houses of 7
rooms and bath each: rents $75 per month; ce-
i ment walks; street accepted; lot 50x120 to rear
j street.
i ' NO 3.
' Market St.. S. line, bet. Noe and Castro sts.:
this choice lot is well situated and rapidly be-
coming choice business property; lot 32:10x131.
irregular.
PACIFIC HEIGHTS RESIDENCE.
2129 Gr»en St.. S. line, near Fillmore et. :
choice modern residence of 14 rooms and 2
liaths; commanding a marine view; lot 33:3x
137:6.
DOWNTOWN INVESTMENT.
22, 24 and 28 Mary St.. near 6th and Mission
Bts. : 3 two-story houses of 6 rooms each; al-
ways rented; rents $42 oer month: with little
outlay these rents could be considerably im-
proved; lot 40x76:2. .
BRYANT-ST. INVESTMENT.
C32 and 532Vj Bryant St.. N. line, near 3d St.;
2 flats of S rooms and bath each: rents $29 per
month; street accepted; lot surveyed and title
Buaranteed by the California Title and Insur-
ance Co.; lot ?5xsn.
SOUTHSIDE INVESTMENT.-
32 Mcrris ave., bet. Harrison and Bryant, 5th
and f.th ets. : improvements consist of 3 flats of
4 rooms each; rents $17 per month: cement side-
walk: street accepted; bank mortgage of $1250
at 6 tier cent can remain.
, CHOICE BUSINESS PROPERTY.
! 39S5 and 39S7 Seventeenth Rt., near Junction of
Market and Castro sts.; this desirable business
property consists of store and rear cottage;
street accepted by the city, lot 50x100.
CHOICE MARKKT-ST. LOT.
Market Ft.. N. line, near Church st. ; lot 25x
116, Irregular; street bitumlnized and accepted
by the city.
For further particulars apply at our office.
G. H. UMBSEN & CO.,
i , 14 Montgomery st.
| ' "WESTERN ADDITION HOME.
i A residence of S rooms, bath, pantry, etc.,
on sunny side of Pine St., near Pierce; large
j lot; a good home and a cheap one for the
money: only $3600.
FINE LOTS
FINE LOTS '."]
Three splendid lots on Vallejo St., near La-
guna; marine view; street work done; owner
desires to sell at once; offer wanted.
Beautiful corner lot on Pacific' ave.. In Pa-
cific, Heights, with marine and city view; 45x100
feet; price $12,000
Any size lot on Clay Et., In Presidio Heights
ready to build on. only JfiO per front foot
INVESTMENTS.
$17,000— A fine business property on best of
crosstown business street; steady tenants- pays
fine interest.
$50CC— Two new flats, 7 and 8 rooms; near
Park and Panhandle; rent $52 50 monthly; wide
lot.
$5000— Two nice flats of 3 and 6 rooms; noar
Twenty-first and Valencia cm.; always rented
at *45 monthly.
T35CO— Two flat-* of 3 and 4 rooms: near Twen-
ty-fourth and Sanchez «ts. ; rent $35 monthly-
cheap.
$55C0 — Residence of 7 rooms; Webster st near
California; very cheap.
$2600— A pretty Mission home, 6 rooms and
bath; wide lot; in first-class condition.
MeAFEE BROTHERS,
' 1P8 Montgomery st.
HAWKS & SKELTON 7 \
Rents collected and entire charge taken of
property.
J17.CC0— Business property: Fillmore St.. near
California: rents $1450 per annum; never
vacant; double the interest you get In
Savings Banks.-
$5,500— Investment, Geary st., near Devlradero-
rents $720 per annum; In fine condition-
call at once or you will miss it
$3500_Corner lot; Hyde and Francisco: secure
$1925 view of bay; improving location; will
?1750 subdivide; 15 minutes from Market st.
$5500 — Pine Et., near Van Ness ave.: old bulld-
, ings; rerft nominal; 25x120; this is a bar-
Rain to build flats on.
$1COO— Lot. Eighteenth St.. near Noe
HAWKS & SKELTON. 323 Montgomery st.
JOHN PFORR, 403 Pine street, '¦
Opposite Nevada Bank
$4000— Credit sale of a Park panhandle prop-
erty on Oak St.. near Central ave.: fine cottage
of 6 rooms and bath; lot 25x110.
$ll,0C0— Rent $120 per month: corner property-
lot 5«xM), with four houses, stores nnd fiats
$3000— Rent $32: a double flat and a cottage
in the rear; a bargain.
$10.0CO— A large lot. 100 feet front, on Etlilv
Ft., near Scott; covered with cottages; always
rented; a bargain.
$20,000— Mission St., near Sixth; a first rate
Investment; lot 45x80, with two 10-room houses
Nine fine building lots on Thirteenth et. and
Clinton Park, only a few feet wetst of Valencia-
will be sold very reasonable.
$5750— Rent $528- per annum: 3-story, store
nnd 2 flats; a very snug small business nroo-
erty. v
\ HEADQUARTERS FOR PARK LOTS!
GHEAT BARGAINS'.
CHOICEST LOCATIONS!
$G00 to $S00— Graded Sunset lots; $10 monthly.
$300 to $50O— Lots Nineteenth ave. boulevard;
$5 monthly.
$600 to $SCO— Choicest Richmond lots; $10
monthly.
$75 to $300— Ocean boulevard lots; $5 monthly.'
$100 to $250-Level Mission lots, (near cats; $5
monthly. ' > ~
$75 to $125— Getz Addition, near San Mateo
cars; $1 weekly.
$500 to $1000— Few cottages; installment-: like
rent. ___
Branch offlre Ninth ave. and H st, Sunset
Open every* day and Sunday. Call for maps
end diagrams.
SOL GETZ A BROTHER. , . ;
ROOM 54. CHRONICLE BLDG.
C. C. BEM1S. Real | Estate and General Lund
Agent. 224 Montgomery ¦*..
Make offer— Northeast corner Twenty-seventh
and Douglass ets.; must be sold; 80x114 feet.
?1600— North line Carl st.. near Stnnyan; 25x
137:8 feet. ' - ''
IF you have well-located property in the Mis-
sion, either vacant lots or nice residence, and
you really wart to sell, then call on the under-
signed. W.-J. OUNN. 530 California st.
HAVE you property in the Potrero or Excelsior
Homestead Tract that you want to sell? Then
.call.on-W.JJ. GUNN. 6S0 California st. - •_
MODERN houses built; lowest prices; plan*, and ¦
, estimates furnirhed. Campbell,: 1147 Mission, j
REAL, ESTATE — CITY— FOR gAIiBL
BALDWIN & HOTVELL,
10 MONTGOMERY/ ST.
'$^!.'!if!.^^'^^^^^^".^^^^^^'R*ntyvMop«TajanuIa
Splendid inside downtown centrally •° c * t * d ,
business and Investment property: one-hair
block from Market and Fifth sts. ; store below.
2 floors above; investigate this; a dose offer
might be entertained.
"$7o66.'""".".'."."""".'.*.""."".".*.*RentV Ys'lVper'annum
3 flats on north, sunny side of Hayes st., near
Fill more; large lot. 27:6x137:6; pays well,
.a.;.........,,..,...,......, ..........•••......•••••••*
$2800........ Marine view home
Spiendid 2-story house of 6 rooms and bath on
Jcces st.. near Union-st. cars; excellent ma--
rine view.
$14,600.. ..V.'.Tf..'.'.'.'.' ...fn'side" business property
Substantial 3-story business building; store and
2 floors above; rents $10*0 per year: business
thoroughfare; mortgage $8000 can remain; noth-
ing better for the money.
iiJ.OM i .'.'.'.'.'.'.'.'.'.' .'.'.' .'.'.'.' .'.'.'.Rents $Yl30 per' annum
Three new elegant modern thoroughly up-to-
date high-class flats on Nob Hill; California,
at. ; very best location in town.
$3300 !...".......'.........Rents $30 per month
Small piece of business property; bound to en-
hance in value: always rented; sure invest-
ment; store and flat above; Folsom st., clo«»
to Fourth.
$1250...... '.'.'.'.*.. '.'.".' .'.".'...".'.'.".".".'.'.'.'.'..'... Make offer
Cheapest 2-story 9-room and bath residence for
sale on Eddy st. ; splendid block; surroundings
first claps; street work done; lot 25x137:6; mort-
gage $2500 can remain.
" '$'ii. "c6o.'.'.V.'.V.'.'.\'.V.V.'.V.V.V.VRVnt' $'lio per 'month
Three newly finished modern flats, 7 rooms and
bath each; looking into Golden Gate Park; sur-
rounded by nice homes; convenient to all cars;
street bltuminized: lot 23x106:1; this is a new,
clean and safe investment for your money.
J220O One-third cash
Two-story house of 7 rooms and bath; Eureka
St.. near Twentieth; lot 25x105: cheap home.
J550..................... Owner must sell
Owner want3 cash at once: 1 or 2 $750 lots for
$550; Elizabeth St., near Diamond; lot 26x114;
vtiy desirable for a home.
"iioio'.'. '.'.'.'. '.'.'.'. '.'.'.'. .'.".'.'.'.".".".*.'.' ."."."" ...How is this?
Only one-half a block from Market and Seven-
teenth sts. and Castro-£t. cars; 15 minutes to
City Hall; 2-story house of 7 rooms and bath:
lot 40- foot front; will surely sell this week; call
ecrly.
$500 cash. Rents $37 50 per month
Beautiful modern flats located in the Mission;
lU>est chance for homeseekers ever offered ;
you pay us $500 cash down and $37 BO per month;
this Includes interest and principal; in other
words, you pay us what the flats rent for; you
buy the property for your rent money.
**BAL*D*wiN*& HOWELL.* ioiiontgornVry St.* "
CREAM OF PARK LOTS! -.
Opposite new Park entrance
....Rare chance for home builders and in-..
..vestment seekers
Choicest building lots on very easy pay-..
..ment-t; on the H-st. electric cars and front-..
..ing Golden Gate Park and the new 19th-..
..ave. boulevard: lots and streets on official..
..grade; macadamized
Plank sidewalks, gas and water service....
.Low prices; bound to Increase in value....
..Your own terms; Interest only 6 per cent..
....Money advanced fcr building purposes; the..
..costliest and handsomest modern houses in..
..Sunset District are now being occupied and..
..constructed on the new ISth-ave. boulevard..
....Call at once at our branch office (open..
..week days, Sundays and holidays), corner..
..of H st. and 9th ave.. south of Golden Gate..
..Park, and ask to be shown these beautiful..
..lets. Full particulars and price lists also..
..at our office
BALDWIN & HOWELL.
10 Montgomery st.
BOVEE. TOY & SONNTAG, ~ ~~
REAL ESTATE AOENTS.
HOUSES RENTED. RENTS COLLECTED
AND FULL CHARGE TAKEN OF
PROPERTY.
621 MARKET ST. '
$43,000— Full 60-vara lot in choice Western
Addition location; fully Improved: eight sub-
stantial houses of 10 and 12 rooms and bath
*ach; rents $325 SO monthly.
$16,0(fl — Handsomest and finest flats In the
city, in a beautiful location; four months old;
three flats of 8 rocms and bath each; rents
$145 ppr month.
$14, fififi— Three-story building; store and IS
rooms; center of Hayes st. business district;
good Income.
$14.«KV-Kin<» N Western Addition residence on
fashionable street, near Van Ness ave.
$12,000— Lot 50xS5 feet, near First and Mis-
sion sts.
$11. COO — New, elegant, modern two-story build-
ing on Western Addition transfer corner; stores
below and flat above; rents $86 per month.
$10,600— Three beautiful new fctrlctly modern
flats on Webster St.; marble stepa; tiled ves-
tibule; rents $90 per month.
$7500— Very artistic modern residence on Pa-
ciflc Heights.
$6500— Modern and attractive flats on superior
Washington et. block; north t-ide of street:
good rents.
$4jC0 — Substantial detached residence of 7
rooms on Golden Gate ave.; garden; flrst-cUu:>
neighborhood.
$2lP0 — Fine lots on Dolores st., near Four-
teenth.
$2000 — Building lota on Green &t. ; In fine resi-
dence district.
$1350— Flats near Mason and Clay sts.; rents
J18 50 por month.
$1000— Fine Richmond lot; near Clement st.
and Second ave.
Further particulars of
DOVEE, TOY & SONXTAG.
VON RHEIN REAL ESTATE CO. (Inc.).
513 CALIFORNIA ST.
IMPROVED.
$13.CC0— Corner Green and Powell sts.; 70x70;'
3-story building; rents $132.
$12,",C0 — Union St., near Taylor; 3 modern flats
and rear house; 25:9x128:9; rents 507.
$7250— Van Ness ave., near Pacific ave.; 25x100;
hruse of 12 rooms.
$6jsOO — Hayes St., near Buchanan: 25x120 to
rear street; house of 9 rooms.
*b00O— Folsom St., near Eighth; 25x90; 2 flats;
rc-nts $46.
$o2.'.C— California St., near Baker; 25:3x32:6;
3 flats; rents $42 JO.
$360fi— Green st.. near Dupont; 15:6xS0; 3 bay-
window flats; rents $55.
S&000 — Rfnts $75 p*r month: corner 2 main
streets, in northern part of city.
$4500 — Florida st.. near Twenty-second; 31x100;
4 flats; rents $4S.
$4£0ft— Kearny st.. near Union; 20xSO to rear
street; 2 houses: rents $3$ 25.
$27CO— Central ave., near Hayes st. ; 25:100;
store and 4 rocms and bath.
UNIMPROVED.
$12..W0-Co-. Clay st. and.Cinfal ave.; 88:3x120.
$7<i<0 — Corner Guerrero and Fourteenth; 6SxU8.
$7500— Valencia ft., near Twenty-sixth; 60x90.
Corner Bryant and Twenty-second ets.: will
subdivide; unxlCO.
$3SC0— Fulton St.. near Fillmore; 32:6x137:6.
J30CO— lacuna st.. near Pa?e; 25x100.
$27.'O each— I'OFt St., near I.)evisad?ro: 2 lots.
$2000 — Waller Rt.. near Stanyan; 25x100.
$1750— Corner Castro* and Alvarado: 26:6x105.
$1500— Sutter St., near Lyon; 35:3x100.
T. P. RIORDAN, REAL ESTATE AGENT.
632 Market St., Room 2.
$3,500 — 60x137:6: west side of Larkln St.. near
Union; bltuminlzed; grand view; must
be sold; make offer.
$36.000— Fine large corner, fronting three streets,
with improvements: near City Hall: fine
Investment: part cash, balance on 6 per
cent mortgage.
$13,500—80x75 feot; "ne Improved corner; south
¦ of Market St.. with fine Improvements;
always rented: $1275 yearly: bargain.
$6,000— 40x85; west side of Valencia St., near
Twenty-third, with improvements; rent-
ed for $50; pood bargain. ¦
$16,000— Beautiful corner residence of 16 rooms
and all modern improvements: fine lo-
cation; best bargain offered In the city.
$25,000— Fine investment on Mason St., near
O'Farrcll:" improved.
$57,500— Fine Improved business corner, paying
near $300.
I have several fine corners south of
Market St., good Investments, paying
well: great bargains.
SU3, 500— 55x120; Bush St.. near Polk: with good
improvements: must be sold: bargain..
Call and see me If you want to sell or buy.
T. P. RIORDAN. G32 Market St.
nON'T DELAY.
Ruy n home for your rent money and be in-
droendent of the landlord.
Five-room and bath: latest design; on Hoff-
man ove.. Heyman Tract; Vi block from the
electric car.
Also four-room ard bath nn Hoffman , ave. :
James Cotter is agent on the tract. JACOB
HEYMAN. owner and builder, 117 Sutter st.
HEALTH RESORT.
Ocoan Beach Park lots for sole. JACOB
HEYMAN. 117 Sutter St. -
SCOTT &¦ HARRIS,' 20 POST ST. j
$175— A meat chance: key let in best part of
SunnysMe: r?arty to build on; worth %3M.
J37JO Bargain; to close an estate: 6 flats on
Natorra st.. near Seventh: rent $42; in fine
condition: near new Postofflce; make offer.
$3600— Two new flats In Western Addition,
near ¦ Presidio; -5 and 6 rooms and bath; 10
months old; now rented- for $38; a great chance
to make money. '%,..'* ' «. _...
. $$500— Two pood fiats on Fifteenth St.. north
of. Market: 2'ixlln; rented for $29; lot worth
$2CC0: excellent buy.
V10— Large lot and good home: 9 rooms and
bath: two minutes from Misslon-st. cara; 23
minutes from Kearny st.
ARE YOU THINKING
Of buying a. lot in Santa Fe? The terminal
rity- terminus of Santa Fe R. R. at Point
Richmond: the best real estate Investment:
»'25. $10 cash. $3 monthly. McEWEN BROS.,
113 Montgomery st.
WANTED — To purchase' In Richmond, a cot-
ta.ee residence on the north or west side, not
beyond. Tenth avenue. W. J. GUNN; 530
Calijomla st.. bet. Montgomery and Kearny.
WANTED— To purchase a small residence; 2 in
thefamlly: Mission, Richmond, Western Ad-
dition or North Beach. W. J. OUNN. 530
California st..- bet. Montgomery and Kearny.
ELEGANT homes In Mission Warm > Belt: six
rooms, hath: Florida ft., near. Twenty- third.
H. FEIGE.' builder. 1024 Capp st. . . ...
ALL' sorts -of financial proMems solved by-H.
MURPHY, C30 Market; 2d mortgages; estate*.
REAL ESTATE— CITY— FOn SALE.
BASTON, ELDRIDOB & CO.,
638 MARKET STREET.
PATS OVER » PER CENT
AFTER TAXES PAID
$3000 cajh-L*rff» lot, Kxlio ft: improvements;
4 modern flats; cottage; stable: rear flats.
S tc- iJ m Slxteeath at., nr. Valencia; price
$10,000.
PARK PANHAJHJLB FLATS.
$7500— Rents $SC5 per annum: S new modern
flats; porcelain tubs; frescoed dome cell-
Ings, etc; on Ashbury at.
HATES-STREET FLATS.
$6730—* modern flats. 7. 7. 8 rooms and bath;
pent s $660 per annum; sunny side; lot 25x
137:6 ft.
DOWNTOWN RESIDENCE.
$5500— Beat level bltumlnlzed block; Leaven-
worth st. ; attractive house. 8 rooms and
bath; light and sunny; marine view.
HANDSOME SOUTH OF MARKET FLATS.
$5300—3 fine, well-built bay-windowed flats of 5
and S rooms and bath; rents HZ per
month; on Minna st.
SOUTH OF MARKET INVESTMENT.
$3750 — I flats of S and 3 rooms; lot 23xS0; rents
$42 50 per month.
OCTAVIA-STREET RESIDENCE
AT A SACRIFICE.
$3600 — 12 rooms and bath; near Fell st.
A LOVELY HOME
MIDST SUNSHINE AND FLOWERS.
$300 CASH DOWN PRICE $1500
Balance as rent: modern Mission cottag«
of & rooms and bath; sunny side street.
BEAUTIFUL MODERN FLATS
FOR YOUR RENT MONEY.
1500 CASH DOWN; two attractive modern flats
of 4 and » rooms and bath; rented for l-S
per month.
LOCATION
No. 3746-48 Army st.. near Guerrero.
SEE THIS TO-DAY.
AGENT ON PROPERTY FROM 10 TILL 3
O'CLOCK.
EASTON, ELDRIDGE CO..
_^ 638 Market St..
RKAL ESTATE — COUATKY — For Sale
ATTENTION. HOMESEEKERS!
We desire to call the attention of Intending
buyers of country lands to some bargains In
income-producing orchard, vineyard, grain and
stock farms, many of which are bank foreclo-
sures, that we have for sale; Mr. Bush having
had forty years' knowledge and experience of
tba value of lands and being the owner of an
income-producing orchard and vineyard, can
intelligently direct Intending buyers to the
best lands and best barrains In the State;
call or write for what you want.
DAVID BUSH A SON. 14 Post St.
ALL the counties: free lists of farms and prop-
erty in bay cities for sale or exchange. M.
GRIFFIN, 719 Market St.. r. 1. nr. Call bl<ltf.
5 ACRES at Menio Park; small house, birn.
chicken hou'ec, fruit trees: 15 large oak trees.
W. L. HARFER. 31J Examir.rr building.
MARIN Co.. 2S miles from S. V.— $40 to ISO per
acre; choice lands In tracts of all sizes: Im-
proved farms, chicken ranches, hay, (rain,
fruit and vrgetable lands: easy terms; rail
and water transit; good schools. HOME AND
FARM CO.. room 5. «th floor. Mills bid*.. S. F.
API'LS orchards In Pajaj-o Valley and other
parts of Santa Cruz County for sale; also
farms of other descriptions. Address ROB-
INSON & CORDED. Santa Cruz. Cal.
FOR sale or exchange for city property: 5 acre*
first-class land, with Improvements, near
Mountain View. Santa Clara County. Cal.
Inquire of B. E. Burns. Mountain View. Cal.
WRITE J. W. HORN. S12 Main nt.. Petaluma.
for free copy Sonoma Co. bargains,: new edition.
UKAL ESTATE To ESXCHA&CB.
EXCHANGE for San Francisco residence, north
of Market st., new 9-room dwelling, large lot
and barn; situated in select residence section
Oakland. BELDEN & COOK. Washington
and Fourteenth sts.. Oakland.
NEW cottage. 8 rms.. bath; lot uCxlCO; Mission";
rental terms: and varant lots. 413 Kearny »t.
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS.
ALAMKDA REAL. ESTATE,
COTTAGE for sale— House. 4 or 6 rooms, bath
' and basement. In fine order: fruit and shade
trees; lot 50x203: make an offer; $300 cash $25
per month. J. H. YOUNG. 1243 Park St. '
$2250— AUCTION price; finest modern 6-room
cottage In Alaraeda; perfect plumbing; line
location; t blocks from station & high school;
fair terms. A. G. Burns. 1501 Park. Alameda
$33C0 WILL buy a choice new house of 8 rooms*
half cash. Owner. J. H. YOUNG, 1213 Park.'
BERKELEY ADVERTISEMENTS
BERKELEY REAL, ESTATE.
4 LARGE room bay-window cottage; 7 ft. base-
ment: fine well, pump, barn, flower garden-
electric cars pass door: ? blocks from R r' !
sta.; lot 47x120; price $1400; $200 cash, lal $15 I
' ga«o"r- B e?a t s sRlCH * perk ** s - ">"«j
NEW 6-room Colonial house: modern bath- !
pantry; on good street; i minutes to R. r'
sta.: block to electric cars; near schools"
churches and stcres: price J20CO- $M0 ca«h
bal. $20 monthly. OELLERICH & PERKIN'V
Lorln Station. Berkeley.
$3500— $500 CASH, balance same as rent; the bank
loaned $3000 on this place; must be sold at
once; S rooms, almost new; lot 50x130; 3 blocks
to train and 5 minutes' walk to university
grounds: porcelain bath, tiled sink, gas Hs-
u-res, fine mantel, cement sidewalk all
around building: in fine neighborhood: chea»
at 14300. W. c. MORAN. Lorin Sta.. Berkeley.
GREAT big bargain; 2-story house. 7 rooms
bath and pontry; well 80 ft. deep; windmlM
and tank: chlcken-hou?e. barn and sheds- lot
51x149; price $1650: $200 cafh. balance $17 50 per
month; property will rent for enough to pay
Installments; this place is convenient to sta-
tion, electric cars, school, churches and !
stores. Take Berkeley train, get off at Lorin
and ask for RUDOLPH. PERKINS & LYON.
$175C — HOUSE 5 rooms: only 2 blocks from ata-
tlon: street work done; easy terms.
$1200— Hcuse, 4 rooms: large lot; small cash
payment.
S500— Lots on Berkeley Heights: 50x135-
fine view. !
11 $4S0O— Fine boarding-house, near university
18 rooms.
$15C0— Chicken ranch: near schoolhoune. Ap-
plfcy to MASON & McLENATHEN. adjoining I
P. O.» Berkeley. j
ALTA PUNTA TRACT— San Pablo ave. J \
miles north of Berkeley: $150 to $230 per acre-
.lots $60 to $110 each: $3 a month: call for
maps. O. W. HAIHHT. 401 California St.. 3.F.
FRUITYALE ADVERTISEMENTS
KHIJITVALB KKAI. KSTATE.
FOR SALE BY H. A. PLEITNER. **""*"' ~~~
$323 — House of 2 rooms; barn; corner lot 3ox
115: all fenced; one block from electric cars.
|t£0— Cozy cottage of I rooms; front and back
porch: barn, chicken-houses and workshop-
large lot: fine place for raising chickens; $U0
cash, balance $7 2.1 rer month.
$,1030— New house of 4 rooms and bath; base-
ment; fruit trees In bearing; lot aCxlSO- splen-
did location. ¦
$1075— Bay-window cottage of 5 rooms and
bath: 7-foot basement; good brick foundation
etc.: barn; chicken-house; lot 50x116: one block
from electric fcrs: easy terms If desired.
J110O— Sacrifice; modern cottage of 5 rooms
and bath, basement, etc.: lot -Oxl IS; one block
from electric cars; must be sold; an opportun-
ity worth investigating; $100 cash, balance same
as rent.
$1500— Modern Cottage of 4 rooms and bath-
front porch; 7-foot basement: good well; fruit
trees, chicken-house; lot 100x120; all fenced-
one block from electric cars. "
$1750— Modern cottage of»6 rooms and bath
basement, etc.; 3 chicken-houses, 200 chick->ns'
choice fruit trees in bearing; lot 50x280.
$2*E0 — New modern cottage of 5 rooms; porce-
lain bath: fine mantel: 7-foot basement all
floored; barn, etc.; lot 100x173; fine location
For particulars apply to
H. A.. PLEITNER. Frultvale Station. Cal.
SMALL chicken ranch for sale: bargain. Tn'-
quire P. NIELSEN. Grocer. Frultvale.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS,
cFFiCE— 1118 BROADWAY.
OAKUSD REAL-ESTATE.
J155(V— A BARGAIN; modern . 6-room cottage*
folding doors and spacious rooms, bath, base-
¦ ment; good* lot: near cars and station; good
'neighborhood: this place if worth $2500. AL-
DEN ; CO.. • 111S Broadway.
$750 EACH for 2 cottars near Center station;
a bargain. ALDEN.CO.; 1113 Broadway.
»35O— I JO DG ING-HOUSE of 3*> rooms; pays well;
¦ rent ISO;- water free. _: Apply- Quickly. ALDEN
CO., 1118 Broadway.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
OAKLAND REAL ESTATE.
AN OAKLAND HOME OR INVESTM^NT-
$$300— Special investment property; Improved
corner right In the heart of Oakland; flue fu-
ture; rents over $600; ban'* loan $6000: a snap.
LATMANCE.
$13.500 — Piedmont 12 acres; modern 10-room
residence; grand panoramic view; foreclosure;
bargain. LATMANCE.
$13,000— Elegant modern eentral corner home;
cost $27,000; superbly located; an estat* aacrt-
flced. LAYMANCE.
$12.500— Beautiful S-ac«e suburban, modem.
10- room home, between Oakland and Berkeley;
cost £3.000. LAY31ANCE.
$«0 per foot; absolutely the choicest <ynjer
residence lot in central Oakland; six* StirtC";
worth $100 per foot: n«%'er In tho market; con-
tracted to-day; a pick-up.
LAYJfANCE.
$10C0— Any terms; bank salt; cozy 4-room cot-
tage and bath; corner nicely located in East
Oakland. LATMAXCE..
$800 — Snap; stor» and 4 rooms on corner lot
S* feet. In Berkeley; see this at once; cleaning
up an estate. LAYMANCE.
$2730— Offer wanted: cettajre. T rooms, bath:
lot 50x158: right in Oakland; street complete;
good neighborhood; must be sold at once.
LAYMANCE.
$25O— Adeline station; new colonial tw«v-
Jtory cottage, 6 rooms; porcelain bath, gap ftx-
turts; mortgage $K0O; balance cash or terms.
LATMANCE.
SI250 — Near Broadwar and 14th; neat 5-roorj
cottage: fine neighborhood; mortgage r.S50;
rents $20. LAYMANCE.
$2100— A suburban snap; near Telegraph ave.:
2-story bay-wirdow, 7 rooms, bath; eement
basement: fine $750 barn: 50-fnot tot: ee-«ver*».! ;
Improvements Insured $2200; must sell at once.
.,,*« LAYMANCE.
$3100— The coziest new home in the market:
superbly located; 7 roomj; near Telegraph ave.;
cost $3400; needs money; quick offer considered.
Call en us for Oakland property.
LAYMANCE REAL ESTATE CO..
Offices 460-162 Elshth St.,
Oakland
CHEAPEST PROPEttTY~ IN OAKLAND.
IWflO— Coxy cottage and lot S^loO feet, r!sht
on \BroaJway, runnir.R throuuh to rear street,
with barn, chicken houses, fruit trees, etc. : »
very comfortable ami desirable home: sacrifice
at this price: now vacant and for rent at *12
per month; reduced for a quick cash sale.
GEO. W. AUSTIN & CO..
1C08 Broadway. OaKIand,
ONLY FOUR BLOCKS FROM BROADWAY.
Reduced to $1£0-Cozy cottage; lot
ZZx'j; riRht down town: across the street from
public park: owner going to Alaska; two blocks
from school.
GEO. W. AUSTIN & CO..
IOCS Broadway. Oakland.
$175 CASH. $10 monthly: new cottage; 5 lar^-a
rooms; 7-foot basement; brick foundation. 1
large' level lota, 5t'x:.V>: price all to>d. $.'75:
¦ will fence and finish up to suit buyer: plenty
of water; soli, climate ana View th» very
best; close ta electric ear Una and 90-fo.t
wide boulevard, and not far from mo<:^:
schoolhouse: no fogs nor raw wtnrts here; ad-
joining- East Oakland: 10 buildings u**i
, already, more coming; cal' or send lor cir-
cular: 453 Seventh St.. n?ar corner Broadwav,
Oakland; cartiafje free. HENRY Z. JoXE;-,
Owntr.
$173 CASH. $13 monthly: modern 8-rooin house:
large bathroom, plenty closets, sewer, city
water and gas. barn, shed and chicken h'w.v;
electric cars pass the door; exrHle.it neigh-
borhood; on main avenue, adjoining Eas;
Oakland: lovely hopie; close to a raou»i
sfhool; lot 41x150: more lan-J c^m be h,\J;
price, all told. $1WO; will' exchange for othrr
property; cajl or send f«r circular. 4.'..»
Seventh st.. opposite RroadtM-iy station, Osk-
land; free carriage. H. Z. JONES. Owner.
$1000— 5- ROOM house, barn and chicken houses;
Thirty-third St.. near Crove: foreclosure.
BELDEN & COOK. Washington and Four-
teenth sts.
$:iO— NEW cottage of 6 rooms; latest plural>-
injr. finish and architecture; lorn.ted en XC.
corner In fine neighborhood. KMLl'KK ji
COOK. Washington and. Fourteenth sts.
SNAP— BARGAINS. SNAP— BARGAINS
$35iV-Lot; University ave.: East FterkBley.
$1100— Lot 50x139: comer; Telegraph ave.
llOCiC— Lot 50x144: Scenic Park Tract.
$750 — Almost an acre: near local train: will
buy a lot and build a house to suit you on in-
Btaliments. H. B. PINNET.
Opposite Local Station, Berkeley.
UAKLA.M) llOlSUS TO LET.
GOOD houses! Gst list from GZO.^TaVS^
TIN A CO.. 10CH Broadway. Oakland.
""^ "^~* — >— i^^"^^^ s
OAKLAND riHX-ril'C t'Oil SALH.
AN introduction to you from H. Schellhaas. tho
furniture dealer. 11th and Franklin. Oakland.
ROOMS FOIt HOUSEKEEPING.
BARTLETT. 431— Four largw completely fur-
ni.**hed rooms on first floor; gas; bath; fine
I house; large J"ni»l; $25.
CLARA. $3— Housekeeping rooms to let; 3 or
4 room*.
DEVISADERO. m5! cor! McAllister— <:hoi eo
furnished rooms; light h->usekeep'g if deaired.
j FIFTH. 353—3 furnished housekeeping*, connect-
i Ins. $14; also 2. $12; also hall ruom*). $4 to S3.
FOLSOM. Sunny !Y->nt nav'-wln-low pwra;
kitchen; hot & cold water, bath: $ll; cail Mun.
GOL'GH. 115— Hand3om» sunny modurn nKims:
everything new; reasonable: gas; range.
HARRISON. 731 — Three rooms; furnished com-
plete for housekeeping: large yard: rent 113.
HYDE. «408 — Sunny front alcove suit*, complete
j for housekeeping. $20; also other suite. $17.
j LARKIN, 8C4— 2 sunny back rooms furalsheU
| for housekeeping-; yard; $11.
! LEROY place. 114. oft Saeranwnto. near Jones
— 3 pleasant runny housekeeping rm«. ; rheap.
LINDEN ave.. 215—1 large furnished roor.i
for 1 or 2. light hnusekpj. ; also small room.
MARTHA pi.. 3. off GeajT. near Mison-tSunny
housekeeping rms. ; aUo others: reasonable.
MASON. $C2. cor. Post— 2 sunny housekeeping
tooms. complete, coal range. J13; other rounj,
$1C
MINNA. J22— 2 or 3 furnished rooms complete
for housekeeping; also sunny double rooms;
rent moderate.
NATOMA. S43 — Three srinny rooms furnished
complete for housekeeping.
NATOMA. 701— Nice sunny housekeeping room;
man and wife: rent low. .
POINT LOBOR ave.. 212"—3 sunny furnished
rooms; housekeeping: $10: no children.
SACRAMENTO. 1514— One large nicely Tur-
nish*d sunny room: private residence; Ujfilt
housekeeping allowed if deslre-t.
SEVENTH. 532— $7: 4 sunny rooms: a!3D 2
rcon:s. $4: key ne»t door.
SIXTH. 136 — Punny room for light bousekeep-
Sr-s*: also other small rooms.
THE BELLEVUE. 232 Van Ness— N,tcely fur-
nished sulte^Jcltchej^ complete hskrs. : ref.
THREE furnished rooms for housekeeping m
private family. Call 33S Sixth st.
TURK. 232—2 rooms for 2 men; one housekeep-
ing room; reasonable.
TURK. &13— 2 rooms furnished for housekeep-
ing. $12.
WILLOW ave.. 10. off Larkln. near Eddy-J12:
! rooms furnished for hskptc. ; np children.
ItOOMS TO Lin* — Fnrn. and I'nfnrn.
X-^BRUNSWICK jsi.
to $1 per night: $1 25 to $5 per week, aad llgit
housekeeping; open all nisht.
BURNETT. H:S Market (old No. 1384)-Fur-
nlsheil rms. suites, single; also unfun; 1 sheJ.
BUSH. KO »The Elk)— Changed bands; newly
renovated, nicely turn, sunny rms., $1 50 to $7
week: 25c to $150 niffht, MRS. ?. RANFT.
BUSH. 21.13 — Large front unfurnished roo-n.
stationary washstand; a^so furnished room.
CALIFORNIA. 711— Newly furnished rooms;
double and single: $1 £> to $3 a week; tran-
slent: light housekeeping.
CLIFFORD. 204 Ellis, cor. Mason— Handsomeiy
furnished sunny rooms; prices reasonable.
EDDY. 12QA— Suite of rcoms*. sunny; nicely
furnished: reasonable. »
ELEVENTH. 223— One large unfurnished room
and I furnished.
ELEVSNTH. 41^— Sunny furnished room.
FLLIS. 7C5— Xewly furnished rooms; rent rea-
sonable; use of piano..
FOLSOM, 963. cor. 6th (The Oliver)— New fur-
nished sunny rms.. single, suites: reasonable.
GEARY." 405 <The Navarre>— Elegantly furnished
rnm; suites or slnsle; travelers accommodated.
GSABY. 1137— Punny newly furnished: en »ulte.
single: hot. cold water; phone: rteam heaters.
GRAND SOUTHERN, southeast corner Seven'.!*
and Mission sts.— Sunny rooms', en suite or
slr.xle: ladies' parlor; reading-room; elevator.
HOWARD. »59— Sunny furnished room for gent:
private family: $S.
HOWARD. ICtBH—N'lceJy .furnished sunny front
bay-window room; ali»o others.
LARKIN. 1C04. near Post — Large newly fur-
ni»hed sunny rooms; light housekeeping; $3
month. ' \
LAS PALMAS. U3> Market St.— Suite of I or J
rms. : private: bath: sin. tmv: board optional.
for Additional Clasaiflsd Advertise^
• ments See Pago Thirty.The following named ladles have' been
selected as the committee to have charge
of " the social' to be . given ; next Tuesday
evening by Britannia Lodge No. 7 of the
Daughters^ of -St. George: . Mesdames S.
Clack, H. Williams. J. Beauf ord, : R.
Meadows, A: Price, - R. Hewitt, E. Harri
son, P.- A.^Williams, E. Goss.'A. E," Creba,
M. Jewit.
Britannia Lodge, D. of St. Q.
Rsv. Father.' Huntington, the • Episco
palian monk, will address a mass meeting
of men ¦ at the Young Men's Christian
Association .Auditorium - on ~ "Success in
Life" at ¦ 3 . o'clock this • afternoon. ¦ Miss
Adeline E. Blrchltr and D. 1 M. Lawrence
will sing. : ¦ ;• ,
Bev. Father Huntingdon to Speak.
Technical Society Meeting.
The Technical 'Society of the Pacific
Coast held a meeting last night in. Its
rooms In the Academy of Sciences build
ing. G. Alexander. Wright read a paper
on "Arbitration — Its Place in Our Profes
sional Practice,". A memoir on the late
W. G. Curtis was presented by a commit
tee and read by the secretary. .
Music in the Park.
The Park Band will render the follow
ing- programme this afternoon:
Overture, ¦" "Uosamonde' ' . .-. . .Schubert
"Eli Nino'; Bolero" •,.. Routler
Themes from- "1'agHaccl" Leoncavallo
Moreeau. '"A I>ervi£h Sons" Sebek
¦With cornet cblieato by Mr. W. Forner.
"OfTenbachiana' ' , v.'i Godfrey
March, "Tannhauser" .Wagner
Flute ; 8olo, fantasia from "Faust"..
Mr. A. Lnmbanlo.
"Scenes Plttoresques"* .....Massenet
(a) "Mrache," (b):"Alr de - Ballet," (c)
"Angelus," s (d) -"Fete Boheme."
Intermezzo, .'.'Salome' ' .Louralne
March. "University ot Pennsylvania" Adler
Value of Widber's Property.
Assessor Dodge and Charles E. Moody
visited the property of ex-Treasurer Wid
ber at Mountain View Friday" and found
ten acres of flve-year-old orchard, con
sisting of '720 French prune trees, 288
peach "trees and 16 almond trees. The
value of the property Is estimated at
$2350, of which the land is valued at
$1350. The property will shortly be sold to
satisfy a Judgment of the city against
Widber.
Music at Grace Ch.urc_.
The musical festival at Grace Church
this evening begins at 7:45 o'clock. An ex
cellent programme Is promised. The choir
has lately been augmented t>y an addition
to its chorus of some five voices. Among
the numbers to be rendered are the can
tata "Gallla" (Gounod), with D. M. Law
rence as soloist: an anthem, "Praise the
Lord, O Jerusalem" (Maunder), in which
the tenor solo will be sung by Fred Furdy;
a quartet. "God Is Love'' (Warren), ren
dered by Messrs. Goetting.' Smith, Henley
arid Parent. At the offertory two organ
solos will be played — "Hymn of the Nuns"
(Welly) and an "Allegro Maestoso"
(MalUy)— by Organist and Choirmaster
William H. Holt.
' SUITS TO BE BROUGHT
FOB DELINQUENT TAXES
Unpaid Difference in Rate of 1897
Will Result in Many, Heavy
Penalties.
Frank P. Haynes, collector of delin-
quent taxes under Tax Collector Scott, Is
about to begin suits against some 30,000
property holders who are delinquent on
their personal property taxes for the year
1838. This delinquency in many cases is
for a small amount only and represents
the difference between the amount col
lected by the Assessor based en the rate
of the previous year and the rate fixed
by the Board of Supervisors In June, 1898.
In some cases the- amount due is only i
cepts and seldom does It reach the sum
of,$l, but a large number of people will
be obliged to pay In addition to the taxea
due the penalties provided by the Polit
ical Code. These penalties include the
costs of suit, attorneys' fees and notary
public fees, which amount In every in
stance to over $2.
Tax Collector Scott pronounces the law
on the subject an outrage.
"It is about aa unjust a piece of legls
latlon as can be found on our statute
books," said Scott yesterday, "une per
sonal property holder in mos<. instances
.has paid his taxes according to the rate
of the previous fiscal year. In 1S9S the
Supervisors levied a higher tax rate and
the difference became due the city. Many
of these taxpayers know nothing abou*
the increased tax rate of that year
probably never having been notified to
that effect. Now comes the law which
Imposes heavy penalties on those who
have not paid the difference, slight as it
may be. The charter does not permit mo
to cellect the difference, as it places the
full power of collection with the delin
quent tax collector, whom, however, I ap
point. While the taxes due will not
amount to much more than $20,000 the
penalties will aggregate over $50,000."
change on the business transacted on the
floor of that organization during- the
month of October shows that In all 420,700
shares changed hands during the month,
and the total price paid ' for same was
$51,383 25. Of the total 163,950- shares were
of listed stock and 201.750 of ur...sted. Tho
former brought $46,662 75 and the unlist
ed $4723 50. Southern Consolidated was
the most active stock, with Westlake sec
ond.
The storm last Monday did considerable
damage in the Summerla*nd field.. The
next morning broken derricks cumbered
the earth. The Star Company, the Sum
merland Oil and Development Company
and the Woman's Pacific Coast Company
all lost their drilling derricks. Of pump
ing rigs the Newman and the Marine
were- the sufferers, the first named losing
one and the latter two. The wind was
fortunately from the north and off tho
land, In consequence of which the
swharves escaped damage. ~ : J T~ >
* The sinking of wells at Summerland
will go on for some time to come, accord
ing to the present indications. The Sun
set Oil Company has in view five new
wells for the immediate future, which will
average from 600 to 600 feet in depth.
They will be distant from the shore Una
about 500 feet. The Marine and Santa
Barbara Oil companies also give indica
tions of an Intention to expand, "each of
them having had new wharves construct
ed for the promotion of their operations.
Seepages of oil have been discovered m
the Sespe Canyon, Fillmore district, in
pools from two to fifteen feet wide and
from six inches to two feet deep in places..
The district begins about eight miles
north of Fillmore and is of considerable
extent
The Reed Crude Oil Company, in • tho
Kern River district, will have thirty pro
ducing wells pumping In the near future.
Twelve are pumping now and the dally
shipments are from four to six carloads.
The company Is providing a 20,000 barrei
tank and is laying a pipe line.
The Southern Pacific Company -is ex
tending its track in the Mclvlttnck fields
from a point near the old station to tile
Kern River wells. About half the grading
Is done.
The Wilson Oil Company of Los Ange •
les has leased a quarter of the southwest
quarter of section 4, 9, 2S, In the Kern
River district and the figures, as reported
are interesting. The lease extends over
a period of twenty years. The royalty Is
37^4 per cent. Derricks must be erected
In twenty days, rigs must be operating in
forty days and a well completed in ninety
days.
The California Petroleum Miners' Asso
ciation has adopted a resolution authoriz
ing President L. P. Crane to appoint
agents in the East "to promote the best
Interests of the members of this associa
tion in the disposition of capital stock."
The association will hold an open session
on the third Thursday of each month for
the discussion of topics relating to tha
oil Industry.
The London Petroleum Industrial and
Technical Review furnishes an account of
the 10,000-mile voyage of the 3teamer Cow
rie, burning petroleum fuel, between Bor
neo and England. She made greater
speed under oil fuel than she had pre
viously made with the, use of coal. She
burned twenty-six tons of liquid fuel per
day as against a former consumption
dally of thirty-two tons of Welsh coal.
The vessel is used for transporting oil
from Borneo and carrying back a general
cargo.
The Desert Oil Company at Indio is
ready to drill, having its derrick and ma
chinery there. The hills will be prospect
ed for oil.
The Los Angeles Herald has the follow
ing concerning the Plru district:
The Piru oil district Is one long established,
and yet with the exception of the two or three
companies which have been operating here
for several years, no strikes to speak of are
being made. Various reasons are given for the
failure of numerous companies which have
and are etlll trying to strike it. but tho ab
sence of oil is not srlven as one of them, be
cause oil is there, and every hillside and can
yon proves it. And It is on account of these
numberless evidences of oil deposits that men
are induced to place their money in the dis
trict. The territory is very treacherous, how
ever, and tho strata are broken and twisted in
a frightful fashion and give evidence of an
exceedingly mixed up state of affairs a million
or more years ago, when these hills were form
ed. But the oil is there somewhere. If a com
pany strikes oil It has demonstrated that oil
is to be found in that particular spot, but
demonstrates nothing else. A company is sure
It has oil lands when it has proven it by strik
ing oil and not until then. It must be ac
knowltdffcd withal that large capital and large
experience are Important factors in getting oil
in the Plru district, the same as in every other
field, and the companies which possess these
requirements arc of course the most success
ful in their work. There are practically but
thrte producing companies In the district and
they have been very fortunate in their opera
tions and are working their claims for all
there Is In them. /.
The Monticello Oil Company, which has
been organized at Monticello. havine its
principal place of business at Napa City,
will develop oil In the Berryessa Valley,
where 5000 acres have been secured. Jo
seph W. Harris has leased to T. A. and
H. T. Flnnell 1559 acres in Berryessa Val
ley. The oil fever is taking hold there. In
the Harris lease it is provided that Har
ris shall receive one-twelfth of the min
eral output, oil, gas, coal, etc.
About 70 per cent of the oil Toduct of
Kern River district has been signed to
the Producers' Oil Storage and Trans
portation Company. The per cent is still
greater in the other districts of the coun
ty. ¦ The holders of land In the proven
portion of Kern River district could make
all kinds of leases now if they willed.
Every day brings men here seeking such.
Some Fresno parties recently obtained
one of thirty acres on 4, 29, 28, agreeing
to pay 50 per cent royalty. ¦ «;¦•..,
The most promising part of the north
west extension of the Los Angeles oil
field is reported to be about three miles
northwest from the. Baptist College
grounds. A company controls. fifteen acres
near Western avenue and Temple street
Fifteen holes will be drilled there soon.
The ruling price for petroleum ¦ at : Loa
Angeles Is about $1 23 per barrel. ' -
. The report of , the Loa Angeles Oil < Ex-
Berryessa Valley the Scene
of Much Anticipated
Exploitation.
NEW OIL WELLS
UNDER THE SEA
ARE PROJECTED
"San Francisco In 19CKF Is being effect
ually U&omed. Already "California clubs'*
are being organized In different States.
The members agree to certain contribu
tions weekly or mouthy to accumulate
funds for expenses. Representative* of
the Uniform Rank will, so It is said, coaia
in squads.companles and regimects from
Maine to Georgia and from British Colum
la to New Mexico to make a magniacea.
display. Ohio. Illinois and Indiana as well
as other States premise to eaca send a
eland Chancellor VT. T. Jeter. w£? re
cently returned from a tour of visitations
In Humboldt County, reports tha order la
splendid i condffl i la that prosperous
C °ZeVin* Kapl Temple, D. <*^,Jfr.»S£5
STSSS^to^SSSK
a h s e w d e e ii e £ d?n e oo 3 ds m wUi a be SgSJ?
Votaries "bbott and Schaffner will tell of
thei? experiences at the functions held at
Detroit during tne session In the Imperial
P Lo l s :e AnReles Company of the Uniform
Rank during the recent Uniform Rank
£ »« m^it,»i,» ot Detroit carried away tho
?^ m -*V m tn cfas^B in a competitive drill
5i ?Kfrr^k companies of the East, the
flrff miM 'for long distance travel and tha
fi"t pr'ze for exemplification of the ritual
*f thS ™ n k These amount in the assre-
Captain J. G. Scarborough
las awarded the Jewel of honor for being
th? \f It commanding officer of a company
tw /ntered into the competition. Re
cemlv?he membership of the order in Los
A^eeles tendered the glorious team a
hearty reception end glorious welcome
h °r^fonel H. K. Arndt. Third Regiment.
UR formerly of San Diego, but now
V ?Hii ritv has tendered his resignation
as commander of that regiment. ¦
Vtamon LodS p . almost the oldest sub
ordinate in the domain, conferred the rank
nt knighthood on several strangers at its
i-»st hehl convention. Unity Lodge con
ferred the knight rank in long form on
Several applicants last Thursday night in
the presence of a large number of mem
bers of the order, the work being per
formed in an unusually satisfactory man
ner Fairmount . Lodse conferred tha
esquire rank on sixteen candidates last
Friday. Jefferson Lodge has during tha
current term initiated twenty-six stran
gers. '
Knights of Honor.
Grand Dictator Archibald has retumca
from a visit to Salinas, where he found
the lodge there located doing well.
At the last held meeting of Liberty
Lodge there was a good attendance an.l
arrangements were made for a winter
campaign.
The lodges In San Diego and vicinity;
are reported as doing well.
FRATERNAL NEWS.
The Eastern Star.
Mission Chapter at its last held meet
ing had a number of applications which
were referred . to the proper commlttsa
and the Initiation of the candiates will
take place at the next night set apart for
A new 1 * chapter . is to be instituted In
Eagleville, in the northern part of th©
Elections are now in order. Those who
are to control the destinies of the chap
ters durins the next Eastern Star year
are to be chosen at the first State meet
ing this month. ...
The Halloween party given b / 1 °. llv c
Branch Chapter in Golden Gate Hall last
Wednesday night was attended by a great
many people. There were some of trie
events that were the features of the oiu
time Halloween festivities and many
games that were not known In the good
old days. There was also a short pro
gramme of music and songs and a short
programme of dances.
The Odd Fellows.
On the night of the 29th of November,
at a meeting of the Veteran Odd Fellows'
Association of this city, S. G. Whitney
was elected vice president of the associa
tion, vice \V. T. Gallowey. whose business
has taken him out of the limits of the
city. F. L. Turpin was elected marshal,
vice Whitney promoted.
Fidelity Lodge will give another of its
entertainments and dances on the first
meeting night this month and on that oc
casion Captain Kronbeck, a member of
the lodge and commander of San Fran
cisco Canton No. 5 of the Patriarchs Mil
itant, will tell of his wonderful experi
ences In Redding, which kept him in that
vicinity long after the Grand Encamp
ment adjourned.
Two hundred and thirty of the 350 lodges
In this 'State have to date contributed to
the fund for the relief of Odd Fellowj
and their families that were rendered
destitute by the storm In Galveston the
sum of $2900. The grand secretary has al
ready forwarded 51500 to Galveston.
Last Thursday night the degree team of
Apollo Lodge went to Berkeley and there
conferred the third degree on a number
of candidates for the lodge of that town.
The special committee on Odd Fellows'
Home has received a number of offers
of sites for a home at points within a
radius of sixty miles from San Francisco.
Unity and Wlldey encampments on last
Tuesday evening held a joint social for
its members and those Odd Fellows who
are not members of the encampment
branch. District Deputy Phillips, recently
appointed, was the master of ceremonies.
There was a pleasing programme of en
tertainment and Grand Representative
Harris gave an account of the doings of
the Sovereign Grand Lodge, while Grand
Secretary Shaw talked on the personnel
of that body. •
Yerba Buena and Templar lodges had
work in the initiatory degree last week.
The Rebekahs.
On the night of Saturday, the 27th of
October, Mission Rebekah Lodge, the very
active Odd Fellow organization of the
Mission district, had a Halloween social
in Excelsior Hall, at which there was as
much Jollity ss ever was noted in a hall
of like size. The membership of this
lodge and its friends always assemble for
a good time, and they have it after the
close of business. That evening there was
an excellent programme under the direc
tion of Dr. J. Frost. This had musical and
literary numbers, after which there was
dancing until midnight. The programme
Included selections on the piano by Miss
Tracy; exhibition of fancy dancing. Miss
Mabel Pfeifer; recitation, Mrs. Miller;
zither duet, the Misses Barr and Schroth;
fancy dance, "Baby" Schleutef. and Span
ish dance, the Misses Schleuter. This
lodge under the guidance of the present
noble grand, Mrs. W. "W. Wat?on, wife of
the grand master, and her able corps of
officers has been doing very well and is
attracting much very favorable attention.
On the night of the 12th of December the
lodge will give a grand social evening In
Mission Opera Hall.
Jubilee Lodge has arranged for a grand
ball in the assembly hall of the Odd Fel
lows' building in celebration of its anni
versary'. It will be given December U.
Templar Hebekah Lodge gave an enter
tainment and dance on the night of the
27th of October, which was in every way
a grand success. Numerically the attend
ance was large, and from the standpoint
of entertainment the affair was great.
The committee that had charge of the
function presented a very pleasing pro
gramme that had for features "The
Greatest Plague in Life," a farce, by the
following named members of the lodge:
Miss Hettle A. Burke. MlS3 Lottie Farr,
Miss Adelaide Brown, Mrs. Dale Warford,
Miss Maud Finger, Mrs. Geneva Ash
worth, Mrs. "Winifred Dowle and Mrs.
Lottie Carson; the "Tinkers' Chorus," by
A. Moore, R. B. Moore. W. Snow, A.
Thomas, F. Worrell, O. Baker, J. J. Phil
lips p-nd W. Worden. and a family of sing-
Ing acrobats. In addition there were reci
tations by Mrs. Annie Temby and J. M.
Kean. instrumental music by Mrs. Sam
uel Adams and W. F. Orr, contralto solo
by Miss Grace I. Savage and soprano solo
by Miss Lillian Flemming; also a song and
dance by pretty little Loise Underwood.
At the close of the programme, which was
well received, there was dancing.
The Halloween social given by Loyal
Hebekah Lodge last Monday night was a
brilliant affair and proved , a source of
great enjoyment to the many friends of
the members of the lodge. The hall was
fitted up with an old-fashioned fireplace,
on which lovers burned nuts to tell their
fate; with a figure in one corner illus
trative of the old woman who jumped
over the moon, with evergreens and nu
merous pumpkin lanterns, giving one an
Idea of an old style New England! kitchen,
where Halloween is one of the great fes
tivals of the year. All the games that
are brought down from ancient times
were introduced and there were a num
ber of tests for the unmarried to deter
mine if they should become old maids or
old bachelors. A feature of the evening
was a ghost danco by half a dozen youns
ladies, who proved to b^ pretty lively
ghosts — that Is, on their feet. From old
time amusements tha company drifted
into the two-step, the lancers and other
modern dances. ¦
Oriental Rebekah Ledge had a Hal
loween party last Wednesday, night for
members only. Next Wednesday night
the lodge will have a candy pull after the
routine of business.
• San Francisco Drill Corps No. 2 of the
Rebekahs has arranged for a party In
the banquet hall of the Odd Fellows'
building on the night of the 23d Inst.
There will be a programme of entertain
ment, the numbers to be exclusively by
xnembers of the drill corps. Brevet Major
Lena Jarvis will do the Cakewalk and
Captain Allle Parker, the commander of
the corps, will present an interesting
number. .
meeting In one of the churches. There
by^S^DeTmy^e^ WM
Improved Order of Hed Hen.
On the evening of the 30th of October
Great Sachem Brandon. Great Senior Sac
amor© Boyes and Great Chief of Iiecord3
Bliss paid an ofneial visit to Comancha
Tribe at Elmhurst. There were present
a number of visitors.'members of Tecum
seh. Cherokee and Pawnee tribes. There
was manifested a great deal of ec
thu3lasm and the addresses delivered Uy
the great chiefs relative to the rapiu
lf B °r W ii ? f the order in this reservation
vwere listened to with marked attentiou.
™ s P e^ ker » predicted that this would
prove the banner year of Redmanshlp
not only m this but In the great reserva
i j A feast of corn and venison fol
lowed the quenching of tho council fire
A new tribe Is In process of forma-tioa
In Alameda County.
Montezuma Tribe gave a fmoker on the
night of October 30 which was attended
by a large number of people. There wera
good long and short talks, stories and
songs by members of the tribe, after
which there were pipes, tobacco and re
freshments. The affair was under the
charge of F. W. B. Swan. A. Klrchaer
V. Jorgensen and B. F. Ledtord.
It has been decided to have a public
raising up of the chiefs of the local tribe3
in Odd Fellows' Hall the first week in
January next.
Last Monday night Blazing Arrow Tribe
had a pleasant time for its members after
the council fire had been quenched,
Manzanita Tribe received several propo
sitions last week and at the next meeting
will have work In th© adoption degree.
Metamoras Tribe will have a grand en
tertainment on the night of the 12th o£
rext December.
Yosemite Tribe, entertained a large num
ber of friends at a smoker last Tuesday
night.
Last Thursday night the members of
Bald Eagle Tribe had a Jollification meet-
Ing In its wigwam m the Alcazar. There
were many present who were eatertainei
with an enjoyable programme.
Last week Mrs. Jennie Weisel. great
pocahontas, instituted a new council of
the Degree of Pocahontas at Crockett.
The adoption work was by a team from
Yosemite Council of Alameda.
Last Thursday night the great poca
hontas. In company of D. F. Brandon, G.
S.; J. Boyes, G. S. S. ; Porter L. Bliss, G.
C. of R., and J. R. Ellert, G. a. paid *n
official visit to Alinnehaha Council at Val
lejo.
The Order of Elks.
Robert Lloyd, one of the new, enthusi
astic members of San Francisco Lodga
No. 3, is^orgacizing an Elks quartet, to b«
composed exclusively of members of the
lodge. At the last held meeting of this
lodge four candidates were Initiated and
six applications for membership were pre
sented. The lodge home committee will
present Its report this month and suggest
where would De a good place to move to.
The memorial committee has secured the
Grand Opera-house for the services and
promises the best ever held since the or
ganization of the lodge. At a late meet-
Ing James M. Hamilton, a member of the
lodge, offered a thirty-verse original poem.
He read three verses when the applause
became so deafening that he could not
proceed. This lodge has been honored by
Grand Exalted Ruler Fisher In the ap
pointment of H. S. Manning on the very-
Important committee on charters. V?. F.
Perkins returned from Paris last week
and commenced to tell the lodge of his
experiences. After talking for an hour
and a half he promised to teli the rest at
a future meeting. B. Zak, who ha_ also
returned from Kurope, promises to tell
the lodge all about meeting the crowned
heads. E>ave Martin has returned from.
Nome. He says there's no place like
Frisco. W. T. Hobso^ returned to the
lodgerocm last week asWx a ten days' va
cation at the Catalina Island fishing
grounds, improved 1 in health and increased
in weight about twenty-five pounds. Eist
if he persists In telling fish stories he will
lose twice that amount In weight.
Exalted 'Ruler Melvin and the other of
ficers of Oakland Lodge are proud of th©
fact that each is letter perfect anil does
not use a ritual. Brother Hanifln, the
genial secretary for the past seven years
and one of the best-natured and handsom
est men In the lodge, has not used a ritual
since the first night after his induction
Into office.
Valleio Lodge has appointed Messrs.
Pock, i>'DonneU. Devlin. Jones and Mo-
Knight a committee on social session. At
the last held meeting this lodge initiatc-i
three candidates and received eight ap
rllcations. . .
San Jose Lodge has a soclul session at
the close of each bu«ir«333 meeting. At
the last held meeting Mr. Jobson enter
tained with stories and an Illustration of
the manner In which lawyers conduct
their cases in the South.
Stockton Lodge has it3 committees busy
with preparations for the memorial day
services to be held in Yo:i*m»te Theater
on Sunday. December 12. Charles Belshaw
of Sacramento Lodge will deliver the ora
tion. Otto Grunsky will deliver the eulogy
and Dr. W. C. Evans will make the ad
dress. The music will be furnished by
Messrs. Phelps, Ladd. Fyfe and Brueck.
composing the Elks' quartet. Ther.-> will
be several soloists from San Francisco.
The Eschscholtzias.
That very select organization o£ _e Mis
sion district, the Eschscholtzlas, composed
of many of the Native Sons, gave its
ninth party In Mission Parlor Hall on the
night of the 25th of October. It was a
strictly evening dress function and was
attended by a large number of the young
people of the Mission, who were enter
tained with delightful dance music a_ they
glided through the movement* of tho
waltz, deux temps and other fashionable
dances of to-day. The order of dances
was made up of twelve numbers and two
extras. The function was under th© direc
tion of the following members of t_» or
ganization: Floor manager, F. W. Bur
gers; assistant floor manager, "William Y.
Lawton; floor committee— A. Rewly, J.
Cartev and G. Baker; reception commit
tee — E. I_ Freitas. J. G. Rechel and Guy
Rogers; committee of arrangements— _. F.
Gucdet, F. Schnell and A. E. Kuper.
Knights of Pythias.
Ancient Order Workmen.
The ladles' night of Unity Lodge of the
Ancient Order of United Workmen given
In Shiels building on.the night of the 30th
«t October was one of the best attended
functions that has been noted In that hall
for many months. The master of cere
monies was J. E. Clifford, under ¦whose di
rection the several numbers on the pro
gramme were presented. There were vo
cal selctions by Harry Ohea. Miss V Gib
son and Mrs. Troy and Mr. Griff en- sDe
cialtles by "William Becker, a humorist
fancy dance by Miss Winters; recitation
by Miss Pearl Muller; instrumental du«
by the Misses Ahrenberg, and Just a HttC
side 1 talk by Grand Receiver Sam Booth'
Then there was a programme of dances"
The celebration committee on anntver"
sary of the order wound up its business
last Wednesday night and adjourned sine
die.
The extension committee paid a vlsl*
to Bay View Lodge on the night of it*
last held meeting and the members were
received with a cordial welcome Ther*
was a pood attendance of members who
during the evening were entertained with
food for reflection given by Colonel Wa£
ter Malloy, secretary of the extenXn
committee: Major Blackman.llstrfct den
uty for Bay View; Past Master Meyers
and a number of others. This was fol
lowed by a collation. 'I his lodge promised
to w^ e rk u P an d take part In the extend
A number of the members of the exter
slon committee paid a visit to Liberty
Lodge last week and aroused a spirit of
enthusiasm in the membership that was
present in goodly numbers. v
-^The extension committee will be with
Spartan Lodge on the night of th« loth
?_?_.„._. " tt "* V__
Garberville Lodge No. 372 was organized
?V 3ar . b i e^ v i}L e '.» Huinboldt bounty, on Oc
tober 29 with forty charter members by
! pe S I . a w D n put fc P rand Master Workman
R. P.* . Wells. It is the first secret society
organized In thatprosperous locality. The
anniversary of workmanship was cele
1 brated In that place by a erand public
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, ..NOVEMBER 4', 1900.
30
The Edinburgh Presbytery is anxious to
suppress ¦ Sunday, funerals,
nOQMS TO LET — Farn. and Unfnrn.
MIKNA. 3T— Koonis SI 25 — r w«k upward: 25
cents p«r nisht: centrally located. ¦
MINNA. CO;, cor. Sth— Newly furnished bay-
window room. $1 per week: transient.
MISSION*. €.".«. near Third— Front tunny room
for rentteman; reasonable.
illSSION. IQS1— Nice eunny room for house-
keeping; also eir-grle; reasonable price.
illPSlON. 1121 — Newly renovated sunny front
rooms: winclt or housekeeping.
NEW ARLINGTON. 1015 Market «L— Nicely
furnished rooms. U a week up: 35c a day up.
OAK. 3Si — Larjrc front room: nicely furnished;
private family: cas snd bath.
1 OAK GROVE ave.. 17. eff Harrison, bet. oth
end Cth— Furrashed or unfurn'd room; cheap.
OTARUELL. 20— Sunny furnished rooms and
offices'; elevator: electric lights: day, wk.. mo,
OTARRELL. Si— Nicely furnished front suite;
also otht-r sur.ny rooms.
PAGE. 2S5 cor. Le*ur.a— Family 2 adults will
rer.t handsome sunny corner eulte t unfur-
nished rooms, with «se kitchen; sunny; no
other roomers; no children; rcf.; Halght car.
POLK. CK>— A larps pleasant well-furnished
rt-om; prate; p-as>: use of bath: private fajnl.y.
KATSCH. 4S, near Seventh— A neatly furnished
sunny room to let: no children.
IiOSEOALE House. 119 and Kl Ellis et.— Rooms,
night the to II. week tl 25 to U: open night.
KOTAL House. i:8 Elite et.— Incandescent Usht;
reading-room emckinj-room and ladles' par-
lor; rooms, per niKht. 2ic to U 50; week. U to
S* ¦ morth. SS to J30; elevator on ground floor;
rooma with hot and «:old water; baths.
SEVENTEENTH, S2'-?. near Mission— 2 house-
kerplr.£ ryraf; reasonable.
SHERMAN Apartment House, 2S Eichth St..
near Market— Furnished or unfurnished.
EOVTH PARK. 116— Two well furnished eunr.y
front houst keejilni? rocms; reasonable; others.
FITTER, KT3C— Front room, prate, closet; use
cf bath; 1 cr 2 men; rent SS. '
SITTER. 915— Nicely furnished front room.
eul:eli!e for 2; hot and cold water; private.
TURK, 12t>— 1 furnished room, with closet and
running: water; suitable for 1 or 2 gentlemen.
TURK. 543— Nice slnrle room for gentleman.
t4 LO "per month: private family.
TURK. T,2r- — Larffe front room; runnlner water
an.} crate; also snwll einele room; Ji; bath.
TWO ]a.rce Funr.y ronmt upstairs, rear; ft Ap-
ply T1SE Natoma rt.
Jl WEEK— Large sunny furnished room; closet;
beth; private. iZt Folgctn Et. ; call by 8 p. m.
ROOMS AND HDAIII).
A LADY v.-ho has a very large and elegant j
home, finely furnished, wishes a few board-
cre; refined i>eople only, with references;
table and all appointments first-class. Box
O. Call office.
ELEGANT suites or einple; board; private
home for tourists for winter; convenient to
Park: 20 minutes to Chronicle: Japanese ser-
vents serve ir.ea'.c to order In rooms; bath:
tras; phone; grounds; use saloon parlort; no
objection to children. Box 62. Call office.
p.OAHD and rooms at 415 First Et.. near Har-
rison. :-¦ ¦•
FIRST-CLASS modern family hotel; very Bunny
rooms; tine table. 15^4 California st.
rn'.MSHED rooms with board, eas and bath.
Jl^ ; gentlemen. 110^ McAllister et.
ROOMS WANTED.
ONE unfurnished room by young couple. Ad-
drefs bcx 37, Cal! office.
SEWING 91ACHXXES AXD SITPL.IRS.
J. !.L kinds bought, ecid, rented, exchai^-ed; re-
pairing lowest rates: open even. C05 Fourth.
BOUGHT, scld. rer.ted. repaired; needles and
shuttles: reduced rates. 145 6th: phone Mint 4a.
.A.LL kinds boujrht. sold and repairing guaran-
teed. Charles Plarr.b<>rk. 191". Mission, nr. Uth.
SPECIAL AOTICES*.
I.ADIES— Chichester's English Pennyroyal Pll'.a
r.re the test; safe, reliable; take no other:
sr-nd 4c stamps fur particulars; "Relief for
Ladies" la letter by return mail; at drug-
gists. Chicserter Chemical Co.. Phlladel.. Pa.
BOOMS papered from $2 50; whitened II up;
painting dene. Kartman Paint Co.. 313 Third.
BAH tenants ejected for $4: collections made;
city cr country. PACIFIC COLLECTION CO..
41T, Monter,m»-ry f=t.. rooms S-10; tel. 55S0.
fcTOZtAGK AXO WAREHOUSES.
L'EKINS Van and Storage Co.. TM Mission St.;
tfl. Main l<4u: shipping at cut rates.-
WILSON BnOS.. etorase and moving; covered
vans. Tenth and Market; phone South 7S2.
PACIFIC Ptorace and Furniture Moving Com-
r-.-inv. TZ2<> Fillmcre ft.: phone Jackson til.
SLOT MACHINES.
BOtTGHT ar.d sold; new and second hand; large
display : very cheap. ?27 Market, room 220.
TVPEWUITEHS AXD SUPPLIES.
GREAT BARGAINS IN TYPEWRITERS^We
eel] better machines for less money than any
house In the city: rentals. 12. The Typewriter
Exchange. S3C California; telephone Main 264
ALWAYS bargains In typewriters; 'any maks.
Write for prices to L. &. M. ALEXANDER.
1J0 Montgomery st.
DIVIDEND NOTICES.
DIVIDEND Notice— Dividend Xo. 21 (thirty
cent* p»r share) of the Paauhau Sugar Plan-
tation Company will be payable at the ofHce
of tre company. 227 Market «.. on and after
Saturday. November )0, 1SC0. Transfer book^
dosed en Saturday. November 3, 19C0 at 12
o'clock m. K. H. SHELDON. Secretary.
DIVIDEND Notice— The Giant Powder Com-
pany. (ccn.). A dividend. No. 23, of seventy-
Cve cents (T.*<) per share on the issued capital
stock of the company has been declared pay- I
able at the effice of the company. 430 CaU-
fcrnli rtreet. Son Francisco, on Xovember
10. 190a Transfer book* close Xovember 3
IV?. at neon. A. A. SPARKS. Secretary.
JVTARRIAGE LICENSES.
The following marriage licenses wer« Issued |
yesterday: :
Mattl Hahto. 2S. I Elliah«-th place, and Anna i
H:-r:r:kscn. 43. 1 Elizabeth place. i
George F. Co*set»oom. 30. 7C54 Howard street.
and Gertrude E. Dougherty, is, Oakland.
Fred E. Anderson. 34. 245 Steuart street, and
Olga II. Ho'.TTiStrom. 31. Z2i Fremont street.
Laurent Ga!<*. Z«, 3107 San Bruno road, and
Charlotte Behm. 2S. 3107 San Bruno road.
William L Hlnk'.ey, 24. 33 McAllister street.
end Mottle Murphy. 19. 7S3 McAllister etreet.
Fllirpo Scilla. 3C. Commercial Hotel, anl
Uarparetha Timm. 29. 2 Tay Btre-et.
Victor J. Nis!>«-n. 23. point Arena, and Annie
Edwards, 22, Green wood.
Bf'h Cohn. 23. UOVi Mission rtreet, and Liz-
rl« O'R-ork. 21. ir,21C Howard street.
Harry Lurle. 25. 3 OcMen place, and Susie
E^rfTiste'n. U. S»5? Howard street.
Delmore P. Mr-Oamish. 21, Portal. Cal.. and
I/rjife L. Oramllch. IS. m Bryant FtreeL
.Tame* Pa!r.:or. 37. 2*112 Powell etreet, and
A'.exar.derlr.a Ra». 26. WMk Clara ptreet.
Antonio de Foura. 30. San Rafael, and Rosa
r>. Brazil. 24. San Rsfee!.
John H. Cox. 30. 22!)? Mission etreet. and Anna
M. C. Slem. Jl. SiCS Eighteenth etrcet.
Joseph H. Gasta. £S. U27 Fifteenth street, and
Millie Law-Eon. 2S. Aurora. 111.
Battista Curia. SO. Fresno, and Giuseppa Lu-
cla. 22. 4C4 Green street.
ilnlno — i-t&nnlAlrbo — UhAln>i
B'.rth. marrlajre and death notice* eent by
mail will not be Inserted. They murt be handed
In at either of the publication offices and be
lndnrwd with the name and residence of per-
sons authorized to have the same published.
BOEN.
APPLE— In this city. October 21. 1900. to the
wife of John C. Apple, a daughter.
DAVIS — In this city. October 30. 1300. to the
wife of T. Hancock Davl«. a son.
DT'RNAN— In Oakland, November 2, 1900. to
the wife cf E. I>umai\ a Mm.
FirCKlGAN— In this city. October 26. 1900. to
'Vhe wife of James P. Finnlffan. a son.
"'^•HOSIB— In thl» city. October 28. 1900. to the
wife or W. D. Hoele, a son.
JAJCESEN— In this city. October SL 1300. to the
wife cf G. Jantssen. a eon.
ORWOND— In Alameda. October 24, 1300. to the
Wife of William Ormor.il. a daughter.
FArL— In this c;ty, Octcber 2L 19C0. to thi
wife of John Paul, a son.
VOIGT— In this city. October 20. 1900. to the
wife of n. F. Vol^t. a ton. •
MAKEIED.
STANTON-DALY-In this city. October 7.
ir»00. at Holy Cross Church, by the Rev.
father Sampson. Edward J. Stanton of Cres-
cent City and Tlllle L. Daly of San Francisco.
BWANSON— MITCHELL— In Napa, October 17,
1900. by the Rev. J. Erich. Charles Swanson
of Naj.a and Mrs. Dora. Mitchell (nee Marks)
of San FranOsco.
_____ ____
Bagrs. Charle* K. McDonell. Michael
Buckley. Sister Mary McKenny. John
Burns. Sarah Mancebo. Sadie
Butler. Belle Mervy. Acnes B.
Chrletensen. Joan E. MeConnell. Jonathan
Driscoll. Mary Newhall. Margaret J.
DuvaL Annie O' Sullivan. Grace
Krhart. Lena. Plant. Rose B.
Fortune. Susan _, Klchardscn. Geo. .C.
OruweU, liearjr Seder, Henrjr
Ladies' -Tailor-Made Suits
As this is the first season of our : tailor-made suit
department you are sure that any garment shown you Is
new, correct in. style and made of good materials, the
assortment being the latest in cheviots, serges, home-
spuns, broadcloths and Venetian cloths.
All our suits are cut from patterns which have
been fitted to the most perfect models; but should any
alteration be necessary it will be made by experienced
people and without charge.
Ladies' homespun tailor-made suits' with military cut
jacket and flair. cut skirt in castors, grays and oxfords
lined throughout, price
» - ¦
$l6.75 a SUlt
Ladies' all wool camels' hair finished tailor-made suits,
blouse jacket with inlaid velvet collar and nine gored,
flair cut skirt, in castors, grays and oxfords, price
$22.5P a suit
Ladies' rainy day and walking suits in plaid back
golf material, box front jacket, flaired skirt with stitched
bottoms, in browns, grays and oxfords, price
$2O.5O * suit
Ladies' Dressing Sacques
and Robes
Our asssrtment of ladies' eiderdown dressing sacques
and robes surpasses in size and elegance any former sea-
son's variety; the styles are correct and the garments
are all well made of good materials.
The above goods come plain, striped, embroidered and
appliqued in all desirable shades for house wear at very
moderate prices,
Sacques from $1.00 to $ j. 50.
Robes from ,4.50 to 18.75.
Figured Drapery
A new assortment of figured cotton denim in Oriental
and flowered designs suitable for cushion tops, mantle
drapes, wall hangings and other. upholstering purposes at
I 2 2 c a yard
French Flannels
All wool French flannels in the newest floral and Per-
sian effects, 27 inches wide, suitable for Kimonas, waists,
wrappers and dressing gowns, extra values at
4Cc a yard '
New Importations
Just received a new shipment of Renaissance goods
in a large variety of pretty designs, made of the latest
style braid used in the making of scarfs, squares, tray
cloths, center pieces, doilies, etc., at the following prices:-
6 inch doilies round or square 15c each.
9 inch doilies round or square 25c each. /
12 inch doilies round or square 45c each.
18 inch center pieces round or square $1.00 each.
20 inch center pieces round or square $1.25 each.
9x13 inch tray cloths, 50c 20x20 inch scarfs, $1.75
12x18 inch tray cloths, 75c 20x36 inch scarfs, 2.25
16x24 inch tray cloths, $1.25 20x45 inch scarfs, 2.75
24 inch squares, 1 .50 20x54 inch scarfs, 3.25
30 inch squares, 3.00 20x72 inch scarfs, 4.50
36 inch squares, 3.75
129 Kearny Street
Henneesey, Margaret Bmlth. W. Frank
Henry. William , . Sperrlnjr. John W. •
Hocking. Thomas Thorn. James
Kelly. Michael Vucanovlch. Peter _
Ledderhos, Josephine ' Walsh, Thomas It.
Leech. Robert Q. Welcker. William T.
BAGGS— In San Jose. November 2. 1900. Charles
K. Baggs, youngest son of Mrs. R. I. and the
late Juaga I. Baggs. aged 33 years. 4
E7 1 Interment private, Masonic Cemetery.
BUCKLEY-In thii city, November 3. 1900, at
the College of Notre Dame. Sister Mary of
the Nativity, and beloved sister of Cornelius
and Dennis Buckley and Sister Anne Joeeph-
Ino of Xotre Dame College, San' Jose, a na-
tive of Ahlna, County Cork, Ireland, aged 25
years.
CTFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow.
(Monday), at S:SO o'clock, from the College
Chapel of Notre Dame, Dolores street. In-
terment Holy Cross Cemetery-
BURNS— An anniversary mass will be cele-
brated for the repose of the soul of the late
Saran Burns Tuesday, November 6, at 7:30
o'clock, at St. Paul's Church, Twenty-ninth
street.
BUTLER-In this city. November 1. 1900. Belle,
beloved wife of Paul J. Butler. - mother of
Kibble Klrby Butler, daughter of Mrs. L. X>
Berwln. and sister of Gabriel, Martin' and
Bertha Berwln, a native of Chicago, III., aged
2S years 7 months and 15 days.
CilrFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Sunday), at 10:15 o'clock, from the family
residence, 31 Fulton street. Interment Home
of Peace Cemetery, by 11:30 o'clock train from
Third and Townstnd streets. \
OFFICERS and members of Bohemian Circle
No. 2U0, C. of F., are hereby notified to as-
semble this day (Sunday), at 9:45 o'clock, at
21 Fulton street, to attend the funeral of our
late companion. Mrs. Belle Butler.
ANNA ASMAN.V. Chief Companion.
CORA WENTZEL. Fin. Sec.
CHRISTEXSEN— In Eureka. October 21, 1900,
John E., eldest and dearly beloved eon of
Captain John and Annlne Christensen, and
brother of Mrs. M. Katzer and August, Alma
and Fred Chriistensen. 'a native of San Fran-
cisco, aged 21 years 10 months and 13 days.
C^Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Sunday), at 2 o'clock, from the residence of
his parents. 120S Dolores street, near Twenty-
fifth. Interment I. O. O. F. Cemetery-
DRISCOLL— In this city. November 2, 1900,
Mary, widow of the late Denis Driscoll, and
beloved aunt of Mrs. Jane Collins and Mag-
gie and Mary Connelly, a native of Clona-
kllty. County Cork, Ireland, aged 70 years.
C7"Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day i
(Sunday), at 10:30 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence. 1322 Scott street, thence to Holy Cross
Church, where mass will be said for the re-
poee of her soul at 11 o'clock. Interment Holy
Cross Cemetery.
DUVAL—In this city, November 2. 1900, Annie,
wife of the late Klie Duval. and mother of
Elle> and Lillian Duval, a native of Massa-
chusetts.
ERHART— In this city. November 3. 1900, Lena
Erhart, dearly beloved wife of the late John
Erhart. beloved motner of Mrs. E. A. Fisher,
Andrew and Adam Erhart and the late Mrs.
Charltp Rebman. and grandmother of Alva-
and Albert Fisher and Charlotte Rebman, a
native of Germany, aged €3 years 5 months
and 26 days.
Z^T Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Monday), at S o'clock, from the parlors of
the Gantner & Guntz Undertaking Company,
1209 Mission street, thence to St. Boniface's
Church, Golden Gate avenue, near Jones
street, where a mass will be celebrated for
the repose of her soul, commencing at 8:15
o'clock. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
FORTUNE— Susan May, youngest daughter of
Mary and th- late James A. Fortune, a na-
tive of San Francisco.
E7Notlce cf funeral hereafter.
GRUWELL— In this city. November 1. 1900.
Henri", beloved son of Etta and the late John
Gruwell. a native of Livermore, Cal., aged
1.' years 5 months and 7 uays.
(_"Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Sunday), at 1 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence. — » Grove street, between Laguna and
Buchanan. Interment Cypress Lawn Ceme-
tery.
HENNESSET— In this city. November 2, 1900.
Margaret, beloved wife of the late James Hen.
nessey. and mother of John. Nellie, James.
Albert. Timothy and William Hennessey and
Mrs. Aggie Seike, aged 4S years and S months.
CFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Sunday), at 12:30 o'clock, from the parlors of
Carew & English, 41 Van Ness avenue, thencs
to St. Joseph's Church for services. Inter-
ment Holy Cross Cemetery.
HENRY— In this city. October 31. 1900. William
Henry, beloved brother of Mrs. Catherine
Lowe. Mlfs Jennie Henry and John Henry of
Vallejo, the late Mrs. B. Boaghan of Vallejo
and the late Michael Henry, a native of
County Sliyo. Ireland, aged 06 years.
(CTTriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Sunday), at 12:30 o'clock, from the residence
of his sister. 1001 Diamond street, thence to
St. Paul's -Church for services at 1 o'clock.
Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
HOCKING— In Grass Valley, November 3, 1900.
Thomas Hocking, a native of England, aged
€5 years.
KELLY — There will be an anniversary solemn
requiem high mass for the repose of the sou;
of the late Michael Kelly, the dearly beloved
father of G. W. Kelly, to-morrow (Monday),
at 9 o'clock, at St. Brigid's Church, corner of
Van Xess avenue and Broadway. Friends are
respectfully Invited to attend.
LEDDERHOS-In this city. November 2, 1900,
Josephine A. LedtWhos. beloved wife of Theo.
Leiderhos. mother of Albert. Otto, Montee
and Constance Ledderhos, and sister of Mrs.
J. W. Barbee and Joseph, Emile, Charles,
Louis and Emanuel Kaelntz, a native of San
Francisco, aged 22 years and 6 months.
(E^Friend* and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Sunday), at 1:30 o'clock, from the residence
of her sister, 6 Golden place, off Golden
Gate avenue, between Hyde and Larkin
streets, thence to St. Boniface's Church.
Golden Gate avenue. Interment Mount Cal-
vary Cemetery.
TO the officers and members of Robin Hood
Circle No. 5S. C. of F. of A.: You are hereby
notified to attend the funeral of our late com-
panion. Mrs. J. Ledderhos, this day (Sun-
day), at 1:15 o'clock, from the residence of
her sister, Mrs. J. W. Barbee, 6 Golden place.
By order LIZZIE VON PUTTKAMER, C. C.
MAMIE SCHOEN. F. S.
LEECH— In this city. November 3. 1900. Robert
G. Le*-ch, beloved husband of Mary M. Leech,
a native of England, aged 72 years.
MeCONNELL— In Flrebaugh. Fresno County,
October IS. 1300. Jonathan T. MeConnell,
brother of Mrs. J. W. Xottlnger of Oakland.
Cal.. a native of Ohio, aged 74 years and 6
months. A veteran of the Mexican and Civil
wars.
McDONELL— In this city. November 2. 1900,
Michael, beloved husband of Catherine Mc-
Dcnell. and father of Mrs. H. C. Lund, Mrs.
Edward Bldlnger and Cassle McManus. a na-
tive of Canada, aged 62 years and 4 months.
CT'Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Sunday), at 12:30 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 245 Perry street, between Fourth an-H
Filth, thence to St. Rose's Church for ser-
vices at 1 o'clock. Interment Holy Cross
I Cemetery. Please omit flowers.
I McKENNY— In this city. November 2. 1S0O.
I John, beloved hurband of Sarah McKenny,
and brother of Ellen Ward and Daniel Mc-
Kenny. a native of County Donegal, Ireland,
aged "1 years.
EXThe funeral will take place this day
(Sunday), at 2 o'clock, from the parlors of
the United Undertakers, 27 and 23 Fifth
street, thence to St. Joseph's Church for ser-
vices. Interment Mount Calvary Cemetery.
MANCEBO— In Sausallto. October 31. 1900.
Sadie, beloved wife of Manuel Mancebo. and
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Carpets;
Curtains
Linoleums
An extensive variety of
pleasing Patterns and pretty
Carpets to make choosing- easy
and pleasant. New Store £0
well lighted and roomy, you
know exactly what you select.
It is no trouble to Show
Goods, and you are always
welcome to see our Exclusive
Lines.
. 215-217 Sutter St., above Kearny..
HENRY J. GALLAGHER CO.,
(Successor to Flannagan & Gallagher)
DANIEL. P. DONOVAN. Mtr.
FUNERAL, DIRECTORS AND EMUAL.MERS.
20 Fifth ct., opposite Lincoln, School.
Telephone South £0.
"eldtst daughter of Anastasla and the late
Stephen Susavilla, a native of San Francisco,
seed -ss years.
MERVY— In this city. November 3, 1900, Agnes
E.. beloved wife of r>r. E. C. Mervy, a na-
tive of New Orleans.
ICTThe funeral will take place to-morrow
(Monday), at 10 o'clock, from the Commercial
Hotel, thence by 11 o'clock creek boat, foot
of Market street, to Mountain View Ceme-
tery, Oakland. »
NEWHALL— In this city, November 3 1900,
Margaret J. Kewhall, relict of the late Henry
M. Newhall. and mother of Henry G., W.
Mayo. Edwin W., Walter S. and Georee Ai-
mer Xewhall.
O' SULLIVAN— In Agnews, Santa Clara County,
Cal., Grace, beloved wife of James P. O" Sul-
livan of San Francisco.
PIANTT— In this city, November 3, 1900. Rose
Emma, beloved wife of F. F. Plant, a native
of Massachusetts, aged 43 years and 2 months.
C^Frienda and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Monday), at 2 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, £16 Octavia street.
niCHARDSON— In this city. November 2, 1900,
George C. Rfchardson. beloved father of May,
Annie and; Clara Richardson, a native of
Buffalo. X. Y., aged 43 years 6 months and S
days.
SEELER— In the City and County Hospital,
November 2, 1900, Henry Seeler, a native of
Germany, ased 45 years.
SMITH— In this city. Xovember 2. 1900, W.
Frank, beloved son of Grace and the late
Pethuel Smith, and brother of Charles and
Henry Smith, Mrs. Frank Smith and Theresa
Schiller, a native of San Francisco, aeed 27
years 10 months and 17 days.
ETThe funeral will take place to-morrow
(Monday), at 9 o'clock, from the residence of
his mother, 1304 Shotwell street, thence to St.
Peter's Church, where a requiem high mass
will be celebrated for the rei>ose of his soul
at 9:30 o'clock. Interment private. Holy
Cross Cemetery.
SPERRIXG— In this city, November 2. 1900.
John 'Walter, beloved son of John and Han-
nah Sperring:, a native of San Francisco, aged
2 menths and 6 days.
THOM— In this city, Xovember 2. 1900. James
Thorn, a native of Scotland, aged 76 years S
months and IS days.
[CFrienus and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral services
this day (Sunday), at 2 o'clock, at the chapel
at Cypress Lawn Cemetery, under the aus-
pices of Manzanita Tribe No. 4. I. O. R. M.
VUCANOVICH-In this city. November 2. 1900,
Peter L. Vucanovlch. beloved husband of
Ellena Vucanovlch, father of Lazar Vucano-
vlch. brother of C. L. Vucanovlch, son-in-law
of Mrs. J. Joly, and brother-in-law of John
G. Joly. a native of Bukane, Herzegovina,
Austria, aped 47 years and 15 days.
E?"Frlends are respectfully Invited to at-
tend the funeral at his late residence. 1700
Larkin street, this day (Sunday), at 1:30
o'clock, thence to Cdd Fellows' Hall, corner
Seventh and Market streets, under the aus-
pices of Parker Lodge Xo. 121. I. O. O. F. In-
terment Odd Fellows' Cemetery.
WALSH— In this city. Xovember 2, 1900,
Thomas Raymond, beloved son of Patrick and
Mary Walsh, and brother of John, Nettle,
Josle. Katie. Sadie. Willie and Hazel Walsh.
a native of San Francisco, aged 3 months and
3 days.
WELCKER— November 3. 1900, at his residence,
J244 Bancroft way. Berkeley, Cal., William
T. Welcker, a native of Athens, Tenn., aged
70 years 4 months and 10 days.
C7"Xotlce of funeral hereafter.
ADVERTISEMENTS.. * Provisions were , generally dull. Tha mar
ket opened lower because of liberal - hog re
ceipts, lower prices at the yards and a liberal
estimate of the receipt* for next week. ; Thar*
Corn ruled quiet, but stiff in price. Coun
try offerings were small and there was a good
cash' demand. December closed Vic higher at
35HC. ¦ ¦ . .
Oati were Inactive and bare of feature.' De
cember closed unchanged »t : J2c ,-_. ..
CHICAGO, Nov. 8.— The wheat market tu
inactive throughout the session, the. dealers as
a rule betng Inclined to ' keep their trades
evenly balanced against developments during
the Sunday rest. Operations by scalpers
formed most of the business, but ¦ there' wo*
some buying by the Northwest rrom local In
terests bearlshly Inclined. December opened a
shade lower at 73*i M 73VAc because of the ex
cellent weather and a decline at Liverpool,
which, however, was- only equal to the drop
here yesteoday. At the' start the market
touched 73%"3 73'.4c, but eased off again to 73',-ic.
At this point shortB were moved to cover their
¦ sale* by an Argentine cable estimating the
exportable surplus from the coming -crop ut
4S.000.000 bushels, or 27,000,000 bushels lesa than
the surplus of the crop at present moving.
December advanced to 78%c and closed . firm
at that figure, %c over yesterday.
XEVT YOPJC. Nov. 3.— The attention of Stock
Exchange brokers wa» largely diverted to the
political para/Se to-day and trading was almost
er.tlrcly confined to th* closing up of contracts
over Sunday, or until after election. The
bears were disposed to cover evidently, as
prices moved upward for th« mcrt part. In
rpired statements regarding the heavy earnings
rhown from operations la «ome of the great
*teel corporations and a report that a large
contract in South Africa had been secured by
the rress Steel Company helped the latter
etock to the extent nf 3 points and other mem
»*r« of tl*e group 1 to 1*. There was an
urgent demand from a short Interest in Buyer
end eorne oT the New York public utllltlea shot
upward buoyantly. In the railroad list rain*
w*re smaller but general. Louisville said In
*mall quantity at 1% over last nlghffc level.
Only a few other railroad stocks gained jis
much &s a point. Just before tlie elefc* pr«ce«
rcn off 6harp!y on proflt-taklnj?. which wan
cnneplcuous in Su*ar and Brooklyn Transit.
The tone waa easy at the end. Sentiment w«u
not much di»cotnpo««ed ty yesterday's flurry
In the call loan market, aa it waa attributed
In part to manipulation. The conditions which
made the manipulation effective are felt to be
temporary and the quick weakening of sterling
exchange yesterday In response to the rise In
mon-y gave confidence that any requirement
f <r money would draw additional gold from
Europe. A feature cf the outride wae . the
bidding up of Standard Oil from 606 to 610.
The previous high record for the etoek was
£00. Last week'* rapid speculative Kalt has
not been continued thin week and the volume
of dealings has fallen off to near tbe point of
midsummer dullness. There Is a disposition in
Wall etreet to attribute thi» to a Judlcioua
curbing proo#*s by what are called the "con
troIUnp int»»r«^sts." meaning the interests which
are deeply committed to speculative ventures.
This is •» far true that the Inordinate manipu
lation, which was the feature of last week's
dealings, has been largely discontinued. It is
elso true that the commission-houses Jn Wall
street have advised their customers agalnat
further commitment* to stocks. Some of them
Nku York Stock Market.
- FLOUR— California i Family", Extras. '. $3 60@
2 25. : usual '_ tmmmuu. ¦ Bakau' Kxtraa, S3 4023 50:
Flour and Millstuffs.
WHEAT— The markets all over the world
were dull and featureless, with no 'news. Fu
tures have advanced under light trading.
Spot Wheat— Shipping, 96%c; Milling, 9$Vc
©$1 01% per ctl. . , -¦¦fSSiiate
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal Session — 9:15 o'clock— May— 2000
ctls, $10514; 2000, $105%; 10,000, $1 05H.
Second : Session— May— 20C0 ctls, $1 05H: 13,000,
$1 *i^4. ¦ ' - »
Regular Morning • Session— May— 1,000 ctls
Jl 06%; S000, $1 0«; 10.000, $1 06%.
BARLEY— The market continues very firm
with lighter offerings, and prices show a fur
ther advance.
Fetd, 77V4c for choice bright. 72\i@75o for No -
1 and 65070c for off grades; Brewing and
Shipping grades, £0<&85c; Chevalier, nominal
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal Session— 9:15 o'clock— No sale*.
Second Session— No sales. ¦ • . .
Regular Morning Session — No sales.
OATS— Prices remain unchanged, .and the
market Is quiet. Offerings, however, are light
er than they have been.
White. SI 35@l 50; Surprlee, »1 45©1 55; Red J
$1 liei 25 for feed and $1 25@1 40 for seed : Gray
$1 25<frl 35; Black, for feed. « 12V4®1 20; for seed
$1 22%©1 »2H per ctl.
CORN— There Is a * fair demand at the quo
tations. Eastern yellow.' Jl 22V4; : white, $1 ?2U-
Eastern mixed. ¦ $1 iO&l 2214 per ctl. - '
RYE— "Weak at 87%@90o per ctl. -
BUCKWHEAT— Quoted at $1 75^3 per ctl.
Wheat and Other Grains.
Sterling Exchange. 7 60 days ¦ _ u gm
Sterling Exchange, sight — 4
Sterllnir Cables * — 4 85
New York Exchange, sight — .5
New York Exchange, telegraphic — 7U
Fine Silver, per ounce _ (^'
Mexican Dollars, nominal 60V& @ bl
Exchange and Bullion.
EASTERN MARKETS.
HOPS— Quiet; State common to choice, 1899
crop, HX313c; old olds, 2©5c; Pacific Coast, 1S99
crop. lft@13c; old olds, 2@6c.
HIDES— Steady; California, 21 to 25 pounds.
18V4c.
WOOL— Dull; domestic fleece, 25®27c.
PIGIRON— Dull; Northern, JH©16; Southern,
$13 50@16 50.
COPPER— Dull; brokers'. J1S 75ffl« 87*S.
LEAD— Dull: brokers'. M.
TIN PLATES— Dull.
COFFEE— Spot, quiet; No. 7 Invoice, 8%c;
mild, quiet; Cordova, . SHSLV/ic^ Futures-
Closed Inactive at net unchanged "prices to 3
points decline. Total nales were 3570 bags In
cluding: December, $7 20: January, 17 80; April
J7 4O; May. $7 45; July, $7 55.
SUGAR— Steady; fair reflnlnr, 3?4c; centri
fugal. 96 test. 4%c: molasses sugar, 2%o. Re
fined—Quiet: No. €. 5.20c; No. 7, 6.10c; No 8.
5c; No. 9, 4.90c: No. 10. 4.85c; No. 11. 4.85c; No
12, 4.70c; No. 13. 4.75c; No. 14, 4.70c; standard
A, 5.55c; confectioners' A, 5.55c: mold A, 6c;
cut loaf. 6.10c: crushed. *.lEo> powdered, B.$5c;
granulated. 5.75c; cubes. 5.90c.
BUTTER — Receipts. 2651 packages. Klrm;
creamery. 16@22VSc; June creamery, I8@21c;
factory, lS®16c.
EGGS— Receipts, 8696 packages. Steady;
Western regular packing at mark. 17>320c;
Western, ¦ loss off, 22c.
DRIED FRUITS.
NEW TORK, Nov. 3.— The market for evap
orated apples ruled quiet and unchanged. State
common were quoted from 4@5c: prime, 4%@
6'ic; choice, 6H@€c: fancy. 6#G*ic. California
dried fruits were Inactive and nominal. Prunes
were quoted from 3'4@8VJc per pound, as to elzo
and quality.
APRICOTS— Royal,' ligiSc; Moorpark, 15@16c
' PEACHES— Peeled, 16©-20c; unpeeled. 61590.
¦? — "r.
WHEAT— Receipts, 234.050 bushels; sales. 610.
000 bushels futures, 20.C00 bushels spot. Spot,
firm: No. 2 red. 79*4c I. o. b. afloat; No. 2 red.
77Vjc elevator; No. 1 Northern Duluth, 84%c
f. o. b. afloat; No. 1 hard Dulath, 88c f. o. b.
afloat. Options opened steady on expectations
of bullish statistics Monday, and after a slight
setback under realising recovered on demand.
Inspired by fear that Argentine news might
become unfavorable by the opening of the new
week, closed firm at Uc net advance. Bales
Included: March, F2@82V4c, closed 82V4c; May.
81%SS2*4c. closed 82*ic; November, closed 77«4c;
December, 78H ( ff"8T-»c, closed 78T4c.
NE^V YORK, Nor. -S.— FLOUR— Receipts,
1S.823 barrels; exports, 72S4 barrels. Sales) 4500
packar^s. Market dull and nominal in absence
of traders. Winter patents, $3 7004; straights,
13 50§3 GO; Minnesota patents, $4@4 35; winter
extras, $2 6&@3; Minnesota bakers', $393 40;
winter low grades, S2 46@2 £0.
SATURDAY. Nov. 3—12 m.
Bld.Ask. Bld.Ask
Alpha .02 04 Justice 03 05
Alta .'. 01 02 Kentuck • 02 <H
Andes 07 08. Lady Wash oa
Belcher 12 13 Mexican 30 31
Best & Belcher 23 24, Occidental ©8 in
Bullion 02 03 Ophlr' go 81
Caledonia 35 S7 Overman 06 OS
Chollar ........ 14 15iPotosl 13 J3
Challenge . Con. ; 14 ' 15 1 Savage "... 13 jq
Confidence .... 62 64 Scorpion .......— m
Con Cal & Va.l 05 1 10 Seg Belcher.... 02 ' 0.1
Con Imperial ..¦ — 01;RIerra Nevada. 24 2o
Con New York. 01 — Silver Hill .... 38 40
Eureka Con .: — . 45 St Louis....... jo
Crown Point... 11 13! Standard ...... 3 25 3 <>
Exchequer : ..:. — 02 Syndicate ...... 04 —
Gould * "Curry 77 7* Union Con .... 17 »
Hale A Norcrs 28 ' 29 Utah 08 C9
Julia 03 04 Yellow Jacket. 17 18
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
SATURDAY. Nov. 3—12 m. '
UNITED STATES BONDS.
Bld.Ask.] BM.Ask.
45 quar coup.-.lliVillS Is do cp (new). 134^135
4s do res 113VH6 ! S» do coup . — IOOV4
MISCELLANEOUS BONDS. ,
Bay Co P Co.. 102% — Oak Water as.NttUlCSifc
Cal-st Cab 5s..USy 4 — Oceanic SS 5s.lO9'-jlO9?4
i'-C Water Sts-.loT't — Om C Ry «s..U7Vil2S«»
Ed L & P 6s.l23% — Pac U lrrp 4s.l>,2 —
F & Cl Ry 6s.. — — P & Cl Ry 6s. 105 —
Geary-st R 6s. — — P&ORR 6s.ll5*i —
H C & S 5H«-- — — FowHl-m K 6s. — —
Do Bs 100H — Sac E GAR 5s. — 100
L A R 5s 107 107% S F & SJV ia.UShi —
L A Lt Co 6s.. — 103 S R of Cal 6s.. — 113
Do gtnd 6s... — — S P of A «s...112v»113
L. A g-ntd 5s.. - 1014 S P ofC6g(1305)
L A P R R 5s. — 102Vi (Series A)....10S —
Market-st 6s..l2S%l — Do (Series B)10SH —
Do 1st M 53..11R%»U3li TH> (1906>...*..10DV,110
NCNGR7s.H0 114 Do (1912) ...US'i —
N R nf Cal 6s.ll* - IS P R 1st g 5s.W3 W*
Do 5s 117 - IS P R 6s 131H
N P C R R 6s. lot — is V Water 6s.ll3V4114Vi
Do Es ...:.... 106*4107*4 1 Do 4a 102 —
N Cal Ry 5s.. .111% — Do 3d rat?e. — 102V4
Uak O L. & H.U0 — Stktn Gas 6S..10O 1C6
Oak Tran 6s..ll«Him4
WATER STOCKS.
Contra Costa.. 69*4 — Spring Valley. 93H 93H
Marln County.. 51H —
GAS AND ELECTRIC STOCKS.
Cent L&PCo 3T-4 — (Pac L. Co 43^ 44Vi
Equit O L Co. 3H 3?i ?sc El GfrRCo U ••>
Mutual ElCo. - 11 S F G & E.... 51S 51H
O G L & H 49H 45-fc San Francisco. i% 5
Pac Gas Imp. 52 — Ibtmj G it K Co — 14
INSURANCE STOCKS. . - .
Firem's Fund.22« — /
BANK STOCKS.
Anslo-Cal Ltd. 63 72^ First Natlonl..2M 3W
Bank of Cal.4MU — Lon P & A.. ..133 —
Cal S D & T. — 10o*i Merchants' Ex IS IS
• • ' SAVINGS? BANKS. ¦
Ger S & L — 1900 Sav & L So... — Si
Hum S & L.. — — Sec Sav Bk... — —
Mut Sav Bk.. 61 — (Union T Co.... — —
8 F Sav TJ. ...515 — I
• - STREET RAILROAD STOCKS.
California 124 — ,O S L A. H 38 —
Geary-st 30 40 ipresldlo ...,..— SB
Market-st 63 mi
POWDER STOCKS. •
California ..... — 150 Vigorlt 3}» 3H
Olant Con Co. 83*4 3t
SUGAR STOCKS.
Hana S P Co. 7 74 Kllauea S Co. 30\ —
Hiw C & S Co 84 — Makawell S Co 4l«4 42
Honokaa 3 Co. 30^4 31 Onomea S Co. 23 30
Hutch S P Co. 25>* 23*i Paauhau S Co. 31 31*i
MISCELLANEOUS STOCKS..
Al Pack Assn. - — Pac A F A... 2% —
Cal Fruit Asn.l01*4 — Pac C Bor Co. — 152
Mcr Ex A»f<n.. 97 100 Par Paint Co. 12*4 —
Oceanic S Co.. — 93^
• Morning Session.
65 Honokaa Sugar Co *0 75
40 Makawell Sugar Co 42 CO
10 Makawell Sugar Co 41 87%
40 Makawell Sugar Co 41 73
10 Market Street Railway 63 00
J12.0CO Market St Ry 1st Con 5s 119 00
12000 Oceanic S S bonds 109 50
50 S F. Gas St Electric Co 51 *2'J
10 S F Gas & Electric Co, s 30 51 n 1^
3 S V Water 33 75
10 S V Water 93 50
{3000 S V 4s CM Mortgage), cash 1C2 00
PRODUCERS' OIL EXCHANGE.
Morning Session.
Board —
350 Monte Crlsto 150
500 Monte Cristo 1 55
700 Home Oil i ". 4 60
100 Twenty-Eight, b 90 2 20
300 Twenty-Eight J 10
MIXING STOCKS.
The following were the sales In the 8an Fran
cisco Stock and Exchange Board yesterday:
' Morning Session.
100 Belcher 13 10O Chollar ,15
800 Best & Belcher 22 50 Con Cal & Va.l 05
100 Challenge 14 EOO Yellow Jacket. 17
The following were the sales In the Paclflo
Stock Exchange yesterday:
Morning Session.
500 Belcher 12H 200 Ophlr 81
200 Best A Belcher 14 550 Savage 19
3S» Con Cal * V.I 07H 400 Silver Hill ' 3«
300 Gould & Curry 7S 200 Union Con IS
200 Hale & Norcrs 28 500 Union Con . 17
400 Mexican 3ll
Local stocks and bonds were quiet at un
changed quotations. The oil stocks w«re also
quiet.
Sales of stocks and bonds en the Bcml Ex
change thus far this year are as follows, com
pared with the sarr.e period last year: Stocks.
238.6S2 shares, against 56.". 619; bonds. S4,4S9.S70,
against $5,179,500.
The Pacific Auxiliary Fire Alarm Company
has declared the usual quarterly dividend of
& cents per share, payable on the lith.
STOCK AND BOND EXCHANGE.
The equipage of Charles Broadway
Rouss. which knocked down and k;!> ! a
pedestrian the other evening, ia one of the
the strangest turnouts that pa.-i"?9
through the New York strfrts. Tho vehi
cle is an open two-seated affair, in which
Its owner drives In th? coldest winter
weather -with no other protection than ;h«
laprobes. He sits on th^ liark seat, and
In front of him Is his secretary rend.n*
the'eveningr papers to him by the liRhr e<
nn electric lamp he carries In hfs hard.
Many persons liave seen this strange ve
hicle pas3 through the streets on winter
evenings and wondered who its orrucan's
could be. Mr. Iiousa i» blind ard there
fore has his secretary read to him. an.l
he rides In the open vehicle because it en
ables him to get the air for a certain
length of time.— N'ew York Sun.
How a Blind Han Bides.
OREGON.
PORTLAND. Nov. S.— The wheat market Is
steady, with E3c freely paid for all the Walla
-Walla that Is offering. Bluestem Is In demand
at (Be.
Cleared— Bark Admiral Courdet, for Cape
Town, with 114,413 bushels of wheat.
WASHINGTON.
TACOMA, Nov. 3.— Wheat market dull and
unchanged: price* nominally 55%G for bluestem
and 62Vic for club.
Northern Wheat Market.
PORTLAND. Or., Nov. 3.— Clearings, 1416,663;
balances, $42,611, .
Potiland's Business.
CORN— Spot, dull; American mixed, new. 4s
214d. Futures quiet; December, 3s tfd; Jan
uary. 3s 9T»d.
FLOUR— St. Louis fancy winter, fcteady;
8s 6d.
HOPS — At London (Pacific Coast), steady;
£2 6s&£3 5s.
WHEAT— Spot, steady; No. 2 red Western
winter, steady. 5s ll^d; No. 1 Northern spring.
steady, Cs 3%d: No. 1 California, steady, 6s id.
Futures quiet; December, Ss J UTid; January,
6s Id.
LIVERPOOL, Nov. 3.— Wheat, quiet; No. 1
Standard California, 6s 3d@6s 4V4d; wheat in
Paris, quiet; flour in Paris, quiet; French
country markets, quiet; weather In England,
fine.
COTTON— Uplands, 5 3-32d.
CLOSING.
LONDON, Not. 3.— Consols, 99 1-16; silver,
29 15-16. Wheat cargoes on passage, quiet, but
steady; English country markets, quiet.
Foreign Markets.
NEW TORK. Nov. 3.— Exports of gold and
silver from this port to all countries for this
week aggregate S1.023.56S In silver bars and
coin and 113,445 gold.
The. Imports of specie were JL95S.40O gold and
1151.664 silver.
Imports of dry goods and merchandise* were
valued at tlO.857.726.
Exports and Imports of Specie.
HOG3 — Receipts to-day, 19,000; Monday. 30.000,
estimated; left over, 2CO0; 5® 10c lower; top,
}4 SS; mixed and butchers, {4 W»4 83; good to
choice heavy, $4 55®4 85; rough heavy. $4 40@
4 SO: light. $4 4Ci@4 80; bulk of sales, 14 E5«4 70.
SHEEP — Receipts. 2500; steady: good to
choice wethers. S3 90®4 20: fair to choice mixed,
J3 50®4; Western sheep, J3 9Og4 20; Texas sheep.
U 50(33 60; native lambs, $4 25(35 60; Western
lambs, {4 75@5 50.
CHICAGO, Nov. 3.— CATTLE— Receipts. 300:
nominally steady; natives, good to prime steers,
S5 40fiD 90; poor to medium, it 35g5 35: selected
feeders, {3 s*fH SO; mixed stockers, K ~,0fj3 30;
cows, $2 60® 4 25; heifers. 12 75® 4 75; canners.
$1 25(32 50; bulls, $2 25@4 40; calves. S4ft; Texas
feeders, WQi 85; grafa steers, %Z 2 5 .ft 4 10; bulls,
ft 6O«3 25.
Chicago Livestock Market.
PHILADELPHIA. Nov. J.— The Earl Fruit
Company's sales of California fruit at auction
tb-day are as follows: Grapes— Cornichons, sin
gle crates, $1 30<£l 45. average $142; Tokays,
double crates, $1 55®2 50. average $2; Tokaye,
single crates. EOcgJZ SO. average 85c. Peara —
G. Morceau, boxes, average $3 80. Dry. favor
able weather. One car sold to-day.
CHICAGO, Nov. J.— The Earl Fruit Company
auctioned California fruit to-day and realized
the following prices: Grapes — VerdelleH, single
crates. J1®1 80. average ?1 47: Cornlchona. sin
gle crates, $1 30@l 93. average $164; Tokays,
single crates, $1@1 65, average |1 03. rears-
Winter Nells, boxes, $1 3(X?2 30, average $1 17.
Two cars sold to-day. Dry. favorable weather.
BOSTON. Nov. 2. — The Karl Fruit Company
realized the following prices for California fruit
sold at auction to-day: Grapes— Red Emper
ors single crates. $1 23(3*2. average $1 E2; clus
ters, single crates, $2 30<§3 35. average $3 02;
Emperors, single crates, $1 45@1 70, average 1 69.
Persimmons— Boxes, average *1 30. Dry, favor
able weather. One car sold to-day.
NEW YORK. Nov. 2.— The Earl Fruit Com
pany sold California fruit at auction to-day and
realized the following prices: Grapes— Red Em
porors. eingle crates, $2 25#2 35, average $2 23;
clusters, single crates, $3 25@3 80, average $3 43;
Emperors, sinnle crates. J2 10@2 15, average
$2 12. Four cars Eold to-day. Weather dry,
favorable.
SAN FRANCISCO. Nov. J— I p. m.
Xbs following maximum temperatures were
reported from stations In California to-day:
Eureka ...- CSjLos Angeles K
Frcrao Ki ¦ Sacramento 74
Independeaoa 70'Saa Luis Obispo SB
Red Bluff 7lJSan Diego 83
Mount T&zcalpals ..€ti
Ban Francisco data: Maximum temperature,
?(; minimum, £.6; mean, 66.
"WEATHER. COSDmOSS AND GEXERAL
FORECAST.
rart'.y clo^dr weather prevails over "Wash
ington. Oregon and Idaho; elsewhere west of.
the Rocky Mountains the weather is clear.
Scattering :'cht rains fell in Washington and
Oregon during the day.
The pressure has fallen along tbe Central and
Southern California coast and over Southern
Arizona; elsewhere on the Pacific slope It has
risen.
The teinj>eratt:re has risen along the Central
California coast ana remained nearly stationary
In other districts. The temperature is about
10 degrees above the normal In California,
Conditions are favorable for fair and coa
tinuod warm weather in California Sunday.
Forecast made at Ban Francisco for thirty
bours, ending midnight, November 4, 1900:
Northern Calif ornia-— Fair Sunday; continued
¦warm: light northerly wind.
Southern California — Fair: continued warm
Bunday: light northerly wind.
Nevada— ?'a!r; continued warm Sunday.
Utah— Fair; wanner Sunday.
Arizona— Fair Sunday.
Ban Francisco a.nd vicinity — Fair: continued
warm Sunday; «ght "orthweg
Local Forecast Official
Cfflth Meridian— Paciflo Time.)
Weather Report.
"riairins and prunes are easier, and most of
the trade In dried fruit Is of a small Jobbing
order. Sales of round lots are few and ta.r
hetween. Tte Fteam Is decidedly off tlie Cali
fornia raisin market all the way down the list.
Stocks her* are now becoming quite largo and
doaacd hu t aJlcn off greatly of late. Not only
are loose iluscatels ofTered at lower figures, but
pepOrr and California Eultanaa are offered at
lo* er prices. Ecine business li reported In seed'
less at opening prioes. whereas, only a short
t:rr;e apo these porxis brought a premium of
[rota IJiHtC- There Is a report also that Sul
:<¦•-« are offered at prices lower than the asso
rlsticr.'s opening quotatiocs.
¦ imported raisins are In fair demand. Valen
f'.C" on ?pot are selllrg at 19'-»o quite freely.
¦ad foo-'« to arrive In a few days at 10^4c
K-jn»s on spot are etvyrlng an easier tendency
1.' u. result of the cutting on new crop prunes
to arrive. A sale on spot reported late In the
¦rack was of 16^0 3-Tb boxes of 40-SCs at 7%c
"There continues to be quite a good demand
fcr dates. There have been various reports re»
.<.--.:.? sales of port of the cargo of new dates
coring per Turkestan, but It Is denied that
ar.v part of the shipment has beom resold. No
prices on these dates have been made. It Is
eald. Apples 00 spot are a little firm, bids of
«~o being reported for prime on Saturday. De
mand 2s good for all tbe small dried fruits, but
few goods are available on the spot."
Hall advices from ICew Tor* say:
Raisins Quieter in Nkv York.
Tfce LcuSoo Grocer's Gazette says of tbe
czj-krt there: "Tlie eaiiaon market continues
»xcc?dlngly etroEg, though, there Is not much
sctfvtty on tfce spot. ow!cg to the attention now
being <>vot^<5 to dried fruit and other Christ
mas poods. CallTomian fruits are neglected.
probably through the recent glut of fresh fruit.
Pinet are in fair demand at firm rates. The
Den of Og-il has arrived at Liverpool with
ever 12. COO caets. but these were all sold prior
to arrival."
Xstemal neresrje coll actions In this district
for October were 1401. MJ. against (317.120 for
October. 1S33. For the first ten months of the
r«ar tier irer* JI.4C7.M9. agalcet S3.C97.95S, the
teadirg lieir* beisg j:,C12,063 for beer. S7CS.H4
for spirits, t: " 1'- for tobacco, f727,C4 for docu
mentary Blimp* and J112.272 for proprietary
f tarrps.
Fruits and Salmon in England.
The Revenue.
Tt» Gaelic tock oot a treasure list of $111,337,
•osslttlsg of $:S.541 In Xexlcaa dollars, JS29S In
gold ccln asi $a4,j00 in silver biJllon.
Treasure Shipment.
Tt» !ocal bask clearings for the past week
<nre t2i.lX.cn. agxlns-l J?«.070.E3. for the sane
week last yeer.
Bank Clearings.
NEW TOIUC STOCK LIST.
Ptirea Closing
Sold. Stock— Bid.
?.930 Atchison 32
S.650 Atchlson prefd 74
3,200 Baltimore & Ohio 75
Canadian Pacific S7
L000 Canada Southern 531,4
1.S70 Cheeapeake & Ohio 30V t
100 Chicago Great Western 11 v 4
4,500 Chicago, Burllnrton & Qulnoy 12S^j
Chicago, Indianapolis & Louisville.. 20
Chicago. Ind & Louisville prefd.... 51
Chieasro & Eastern Illinois 93
400 Chicago & Northwestern 1«2 ! 4
1.545 Cbica«o. Rock Island & Pacific 10*»4
000 C C C, & St Louis 62U
Colorado Southern 6H
Colorado Southern 1st prefd Zl\i
... Colorado Southern Id prefd 15
100 Delaware & Hudson 112
Delaware, Lack & Western 176
100 Denver A Rio Grande 20
280 Denver & Rio Grande pnrfd 70
Erie m;
Erie 1st prefd 34 1 *
Great Northern prefd 163^»
Hocking Ccal 16%
Hocking Valley 36^i
Illinois Central 119
Iowa Central 18%
Iowa Central prefd 41
Lake Erie & Western..... 34%
Lake Erie & Western prefd 103
Lake Shore JJIOU
2.J60 Louisville & Nashville 71
3.310 Manhattan Elevated 96U
1.4OO Metropolitan Street Railway 15S'4
3,000 Mexican Central j;' s
200 Minneapolis & St Louis
100 Minneapolis & St Louis prefd.: >7%
2.C5O Missouri Pacific Co"*
....... Mobile & Ohio ?>i,
Missouri, Kansas &. Texas 10%
WO Missouri. Kansas A Texas prefd.... 31%
500 New Terse/ Central 134%
1.420 New York Central 132%
2.170 Norfolk & Wentern 36^4
110 Xorfolk & Western prefd 77>4
4,800 Northern Pacific 57H
950 Northern Pacific prefd 73
700 Ontario & Western 22%
Oregon Railway A Navigation...'. .. 42
Oregon Ky & Navigation pr«fd 78
8.150 Pennsylvania ir2'4
200 Reading 17U
4,120 Reading 1st prefd 1 11%
200 Reading 2d prefd 27Ti
Rio Orande Wentern. SO
Rio Grande Western prefd £0
200 St Louis and San Francisco 11%
St Louis & San Fran 1st prefd 67
St Louis & San Fran 2d prefd........ 35%
P00 St Louis. Southwestern 14^4
6T0 St Louis, Southwestern prefd 32
t.SJO St Paul 116%
St Paul prefd 171%
St Paul £ Omaha 112
6.490 Southern Pacific 38
1.9S5 Southern Railway 12*4
1,025 Southern Railway prefd C6H
200 Texas & Pacific 17
I.2SS Union Pacific 61%
2.S75 Union Pacific prefd 76%
100 W«ba«h 7
600 Wabash prefd 19
S50 Wheeling fr^-H 9%
100 Wheeling <t 'r, E 2d prefd 2i*i
Wisconsin Central 12%
100 Third Avenue 108
Express Companies —
C"0 Adams ..130
American ...153
United States 47
Wells Fargo ...127
Miscellaneous —
American Cotton Oil 35V4 j
American Cotton Oil prefd 91%
100 Amfrlcan Halting 5
American Malting prefd 24
E01 American Smeltlns & Refining.... 41*4
American Smelting & Running pfd. 90^4
American Spirits 1%
American Spirits prefd 17
1,600 American Steel Hoop 23
Jf>0 American Steel Hood prefd 74
3.410 American Steel & Wire 34%
895 American Steel & Wire prefd 7sJi
100 American Tin Plate 33
315 American Tin Plate prefd ..82
6,010 American Tobacco 9714
American Tobacco prefd 130
803 Anaconda Mining Co 432'
340 Brooklyn Rapid Transit 61
SM Colorado Fuel & Iron i%% i
1,682 Continental Tobacco 2SH
203 Continental Tobacco prefd sii4
*,:*» Federal Steel - a s%
8^5 Federal Steel nrefd q£il
1,600 General Electric 141%
225 Glucos* Sugar 53'
....... Glucose Sugar prefd 100
S00 International Paper 20
International Paper prefd 63^1
Laclede Gas 68%
225 National Biscuit 35%
Xatlonal Biscuit prefd 8»Vi
120 National Lead i»vi
....... National Lead prefd 93 .
5S0 National Steel 29%
273 National Steel prefd as'
New York Air Brake 12a
....... Xorth American 15%
Pacific Coast Kfi
Pacific Coast l*t prefd 84.
Pacific Coast 2d prefd 6S •
2.000 Pacific Mail 42%
1.820 People's Gas. _.-. sajt
1,765 Pressed Steel Car 47
439 Pressed Steel Car prefd 83%
hav« fiecaniJfJ additional cash margins from
their client* to hold stocks over the election,
thus forcing tome speculative holdings upon
the market. Some observers have attributed
these measure* to an altruistic spirit on ih«
part of the controlling interests or at least to 1
a commendable eelf-r*«traint about tailng all \
the good things in sight. But additional mo- |
tlve« may be discerned, the foremost being the
possibility of pitfalls In the rutura for «uch !
a headlong- speculative gait as that pursued i
last weak and previous to that time. The
ispecnlatloo has been based on the assumption I
that a large demand for stocks will spring up
after the election on the part of the public at
lars«. Ta,« Industry expended In getting prlcej
to a highrr level has been Intended to ac
commodate this expected outside demand. But
It became evident last week that the outside
public, with a degree of sophistication for
which professional Wall street does not always
give It credit, was Itself discounting the ex
pected heavy buying of stocks. This develop
ment threatened the future In two ways. It
curtailed the requirements to be left unfilled
until after election and It added to the volurat
of long stock which wculd be thrown upon
the market to realize at that time. The
"controlling Interests," therefore, sold large
amounts of stocks to feed this anticipatory
demand and called a halt to the rapid ad
vance In prices, which had been the means
of attracting It. The advance In the money
rate during the latter part of the week shows
the wisdom of the precautionary measures
adopted. Had tb«re b«en much larger amounts
borrowed for speculation the disturbance of
money rates would have been, more severe and
the forcing of liquidation on a much larger
scsJe. The stiffening of the call loan rate Is
attributed to the exigencies of the monthly
e*ttlement and It Is hoped that with the re
distribution of the amounts thus borrowed In
the form of dividends and Interests there will
be a returning ease of money next week. Need
less to ear the "controlling interests" also
hope tsere will be a renewal of speculative
demand for stocks with the easier money mar
ket. Oa the side of the promised e&ee of money
are the further amounts of imported gold which ;
arf still to be recel\*e<I ajid counted In bank :
r» nerves. Tbca« include another consignment
of over t3.O0O.O00 Jn transit from Australia, j
There are larger hums of Alaskan gold also in
sight.
Business In bonds has been on a declining
s?aJe and laj-rely concentrated in a few mort-
Kajres of speculative value*. Prices have re
ceded.
United States new and old 4s advanced %
and all other Issues % per cent over the call
price a week ago. |
LIVERPOOL.
Wheat— Dec- Feb.
Opening ••• » JW 6 1
Cloeing 5 Uv4 6 1
PARIS.
Wheat — Nov. Mar. -June
Opening }» 80 21 35
Closing I 9 '5 21 2a
Flour—
Opening : 2? 40 27 20
Closing 2o 30 27 10
*, ' . ! *
waa a good cash demand for lard, but the
opening- loss was not entirely regained. Jan
uary pork closed 2%c lower, lard and ribs 2^c
depressed. ~ .'
The leading futures ranged aa follow s :
Articles— Open. High. Low. Close.
Wheat No. *—
November 72*4 12% 72^ 72H
December "3H 73?i 73H 73^
January 74Vi 74V4 73T4 74V»
Corn No. *—
November 37H 38% "37^ 38' »
December 35H 35>,4 So'4 35'4
Hay ' 36H 86>i 36^ 36^.
Oats No. 2—
November 21% 21H 21'i 21%
December =2 22 2iffc 22
May 23T4 24 23?i 24
Mess Pork, per barrel-
January H 17».i 11 22^4 11 VM 11 22VJ
Lard, per -100 pounds —
November 7 CO 7 07V4 7 00 7 O2',i
December 6 Tlhi 6 S5 6 77^4 6 80
January 6 70 6 72% 6 67% 6 67%
Short Ribs, per 100 pounds-
November •••• .... 6 27Vi
January 5 97tt -5 9714 5 97^4 5 97V~
Cash quotations were as follows: Flour,
quiet: winter patents, $3 70@3 90; straights,
$3 10593 60; clears. $2 90@3 40; spring specials,
$4-30<?}4 40: patents. $3 40®3 90; straights, $3@
3 40; No. 3 spring wheat. 72%c; No. 2 red, 73Vi@
75%c: No. 2 corn, 37^ic; No. 2 yellow, 3S>ic; No.
2 oats. 22lic: No. 2 white, 26c; No. 3 white, :MV 4 @
20HC: fair to choice malting barley. ECKgaSc, Xo.
1 fiaxneed, $1 78V4®! 80; No. 1 Northwestern,
jl SO<lfl 81; prime timothy seed, $4 25; mess pork,
per barrel. $10 40©10 50; lard, per 100 pounds
$7 07%#7 10; short-rib s'.des (loose), $6 oOfitj 1i>\
dry salted shoulders (boxed), $6®fi 25; short
clear sides (boxed). $6 60<j?6 70; whisky, basis
of high wines, $1 27; clover, contract grade,
$10®10 25.
Articles— Receipts. Shipments.
Flour, barrels 19.000 18.000
Wheat, bushels 143,000 116,000
Corn, bushels 188,000 200,000
Oats bushels 162,000 159.000
Rye bushels 1.W0 3.000
Parley, bushels 85. 0C0 20,000
On the Produce Exchange to-day the butter
market was quiet: creameries. 15321%c: dairy.
13@lSc. Cheese, firm, 10yi<gll%c. Eggs, firm;
fresh, ISc.
J A Russell, w & da u. I
Cal
G Sanger. Big Pine
E Kane. N Y
M Kalth. Cal
A H r.raley. L Ang
H H f'.viley. M»rkeley
B C Porter. S Kafael
C F D'.'ilmar.. Bacto
A H Kilobit*. L An«
W R Henderson. Cal
r> Houser. L Ang
J C Donnelly. Oakland
R Levy. Cai
Dr G Duffloy & w. Sac
H D Shikelford. Ohio i
W R Huasey. Ind
J McQuicg, Cal ;
V Crowley, Los Ang
F C Stettler. Dayton
M .1 Orammom. Chgo
H D Chichester, Dutch
Harbcr
H (J Hinck!ey. M L>.'
Chirnso
Master D Greene. feat-
Mrs 8 J St?v»nson «
son. St Michael
Mrs T W Helntielman.
r*acto
E N Coen. Sacto
H S Ranso:tie & w. Cal
J GoMman, Merced
d E Kennedy. Cal
0 A McDonald. Boca
G U Irle. V S N
A Knot. Cincinnati
A F £u!tz, Denver
L Seymour. R?il!anda
C B Bills & w. Canada
A A Remllljyd. CanaJ
S H Nye. V. illows
li Isaacs. Lcs Ang
w A Dur.n. N Y
Dr B R Ward. I* S N
A V Harris. 3 Rosa
U Howard. 3 Rosa
M C Simmons. S Rosa
Misn B Smith. Cal
W Lawson. Alvarado
H N Shrad & w. S Jose
J Mason, Dawson
F E Crowell. Carson
1 J McLeod & w. Vic
toria
T J Htishrs & w. Cal
F W Graham & w. C<ii
P Stevenson, Ctl
W II Ormsby. Saeto
L t> Greene SeattI*
PALACE HOTEL.
P W Coison. Chzo
W L Stewart. S Paula
J Baker Jr. Iyis Ang
A Foster. Berkeley
P W Evans Vancouver
W E Donlan & «r. Wia
C Kavanash. U S N
F CavaUI. N Y
C L Bundy. S Monica
N Irvine. Riverside
A A Mitchell. Chgo
S Morris, Fresno
A C Nelson. Ensrlancl
A A Grant, >: ilex
M H Weil. N Y
Mrs E R Aboiie. Cal
H L Ta!bot. Boston
O J Katz, N Y
W E Klofeltzky. Oht«
T Hersey A- xr. Cal
3 B MtCune, Boston
S Hair burger, Chgo
J Harris. Shanghai
R D Fata. India
K Yiikr^o Japan
C M Robb-ns. Mass
A U LueiUnjr. Wis
A C Horfpe, London
J F iv.uglas. Lcnion
MS GrinbaUTn & w.
Ca!
R Binny. llazat'an
S Hebel. Chicaco
NEW WESTERN HOTET
C McKay. Reeling
Capt Nelson. Maine
F de Bus. St Louia
S B Morris. Boston
F Dinswa!!. Chicago
J Anderson, Minn
W Anderson. Minn
H Vivian. Fresno
F B Hopler. Bloorr.f>U
W B William. Texas
M E Ketler. Victoria
S E Kline. Pa
F R Graff. Pa •
J B Clark. Arizona
r, II Davis. Seattle
,T B jT.Jfti. Boston
M S Walters. Seattle
C HeniVrson & w. Ill
GRAND HOTEL.
HOTEL ARRIVALS.
Exdumge undisturbed. Silver a fraction lower. tJ
Shipment of $111,337 to China.
Weekly bank clearings show a loss from i8pp.
Wheat dull, with a rise in futures.
Barley continues to rise. Oats rule firm. ' \
Corn quiet and steady. Rye weak.
Bran in good supply and weak. Rolled Barley firm.
Hay easy under large receipts.
Beans continue to rise, notwithstanding heavy receipts.
1 River Potatoes selling down to 15c per sack.
Onions linn. Vegetables as before.
Game in free receipt. Poultry unchanged.
Butter in free supply and easy. CJieese unchanged.
Eggs continue weak under increasing stocks.
Oranges lower under larger supplies:
Lemons and Limes plentiful and weak.
Raisins active and firm. Dried Fruits stagnant.
Provisions unchanged, with a fair business.
Ko further change in the Meat market.
Wool, Hops and Hides as previously quoted. '
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
CLOSING,
Atchlson, 33%: Canadian Pacific, S9%: Unloa
Pacific preferred, 78; Northern Pacific pre
ferred, 75: Grand Trunk. 6%; Anaconda, 9Vi.
Bar silver, quiet, 23 15-16d per ounce. Money,
2Vs@3 per cent.
NEW JOUK, Not. 3. — The Commercial Ad
vertiser's London financial cablegram says:
The stock market here was extremely quiet
to-day. Prices were Irregular In their move
ments. The American department was as sMll
as the rest of the list. Everybody Is waiting
for the election. Prices of American shares
were above parity. Southern Pacific Issue*
were again the main feature, but tin closed
below the hlgheet for the day. few dealers
waiting for the opening in Wall street. Money
was eaaier. Call money, l*44f2H Per cent, waa
unlendable at the close.
NEW YORK. Nov. 3.— The Financier eays:
The New York bank statement for the week
ending November 3 does not come up to pre
liminary ' expectations, although as a matter
of fact it is not to be regarded as unfavorable.
Instead of a sain in cash the banks show a
loss of $485,500 in reserve, but this was prac
tically offset by the release of funds through
; the shrinkage In deposits. The contraction in
loans, amounting to $1.0f4.300, is a moderate re
flection of the week a operations. The heavy
changes reported by one large bank make a
general analysis of the statement Difficult. The
excess reserve now amounts to $5,950,400. The
principal feature of interest, however, in the
monetary situation Is the cessation of the rea
son's flow of funds to the South and West.
It Is known that there was an actual reversal
of the movement last week, several of the
New York banks having received remittances
from these sections. The crop requirements
this fall have taken more money out of the
clearing-house Institution! than at any pre
vious period. The lofs has been offset in a
measure by the receipts of six millions in gold
from Europe.
London Market.
Weekly Bank Statements.
do prefd 140 IQuincy 155
Mex Cent 12Vi|Santa Fe Copper... 7
Mich Telephone ... 85 Tamarack 257»i
N E G &. Coke 12% Utah Mining 32«i
Old Colony 201 iWlnona 8
Old Dominion 22 I Wolverines 4H4
MINING STOCK&
Chollar : 12 Ontario 6 00
Crown Point 10 Ophlr 75
Con Cal & Va lOO'Plymouth 10
Deadwood 50 1 Quicksilver 1 25
Gould & Curry 70! do prefd 6 50
Hale & Xorcross.. 20 Sierra Nevada .... 20
Homestake 60 Standard 3 50
Iron Silver 65 Union Con 15
Mexican 27 Yellow Jacket 15
BOSTON STOCKS AND BONDS.
Money— | Union Pacific 61%
Call loans 3@4 West End 91*;
Time Ioan« 4H<2 1 6 Wis Cent 12H
Stocks— Bonds—
Atchlson 31% Atchison 4a 100 -
do prefd. 74 N E G & Qoke Bs.. 62
Am Sugar 123 T 4 Mining: shares
do prefd 115'i Adventure 5
Bell Telephone ....147?; Allouez Mln Co.... 2V»
Boston & Albany. .247 Amalir Copper .... 92 l j
Boston Elevated.. .155 Atlantic 24Vi
Boston &. Maine.... 190 Boston & Mont.... 321
C B & Q 12SV4 Butte & Boston.... 6S>i
Dom Coal 3SVi CaJumtt & Hecla..8C0
do prefd 113 Centennial 17*i
Fed Steel 39»4 Franklin 14
do prefd 68% Humboldt 25
Fitchburg prefd ..138 Osceola 7H4
Gen Elec 14'.i Parrot 45»4
Pnllman Palace Car 188
145 Standard Rope & Twine S>
22,3S,i Sugar . 124'
300 Sugar prefd 113
1.760 Tennessee Coal & Iron 66
1.7!0 United States Leather 11*4
310 United States Leather prefd 71
545 United States Rubber 31\i
United States Rubber prefd 944
Western Union SOTi
1,400 Republic Iron & Steel 14
200 Republic Iron & Steel prefd 56H
P C C & St L 50
175.600 Shares sold.
CLOSING BONDS.
U S 2s ref reg 104'i'N Y Cent lets 110
}i f 2s reg coup...l04'/j N J Cent cen 0s..l2!
U S 2s reg 1094 N Pacific 3s to%
u 8 3s coup 109H N Pacific 4s 103?i
L 8 new 4s reg.... 134% N Y C & St L 4s.. 107
L S new 4s coup. .134% N & W con 4s 97»i
L S old 4s res 115% Or Nav lsts 108
*J 5 old 4s coup.. .115% Or Nav 4s 103
L S 5s reg U2*i,Or S Line 6s 127>4
Ij S 5s coup H2»i;Or S Line con 5s.. .114^
Dis of Col 3. 65s.. .124H Reading Gen 4s.... S8
Atchison gen 4s. ..10014 ROW lsts S8U
Atchlson adj 4s.... 83^ St L & I M con hsAWt
Canada So 2ds 106ViSt L4SF cen 6s. 125
Ches & Ohio 4VJ3..100 ISt Paul cons 170V4
Ches & Ohio 5s I18'<,:St P C & P Ists...ll8%
C & NW con 7s...l37li St P C & P 5e 119^
C & NWSFdeb 5S.117U So Pacific 4s 81*i
Chco Terminal 4s.. 92Vi So Railway 5s 11IH;
Colo Southern 4s.. Sl'j Stan K &. T 6s 63
13 i R G 4s 98 iTex & Pac lsts. ...114^
Erie General 4s.... 71 |Tex & Pac 2ds 60
F W A D C lsts.. 73 .Union Pacific 4s. .106%
Gen Electric 5s. ..120 Wabash lsts 115'*
Iowa Central lsts.. 114*i- Wabash 2ds 102
U & N Unl 4s OS",*, West Shore- 4s 112V.
M K & T :>ds M'4 Wis Cent l»ts 8CH
U K & T is 92»i Va Centuries »0\i
HIDES AND SKINS— Culls and brands sell
about lc under quotations. Heavy salted
Steers.- 9J4@10c: medium.' 8tt@9c; light. 81403c;
Cowhides', SV4©9c; Stags,, 6^c; Salted : Kip, . 9c ;
Salted Veal.- 9c: Salted Calf. 10c; Dry Hides'
16c; culls, 14c; Dry Kip, 16c; Dry Calf, 18<gl7c
culls; and ¦¦ brands, 13©14c; Sheepskins, shear
lings. 20@S0o each; short Wool. 30650c each;
medium. 60@S5c; long Wool. 75c@$l each; Horse
Hides, s&lt. $3 60 for large, $2 for medium. $1 for
small and 5Oc for colts: Horse Hides, dry, $1 50
for • large, \%l 25 for medium, ; $1 for - small and
25£?o0c ' for colts. Deerakina— Summer or " tad
COTTOLENE — One-half barrel, 8Hc: three
half barrels. 8V4c: onetierce. SHc; two tierces.
S&c; five tierces, &%c per lb.
Hides, Tallow, Wool and Hops.
LARD— Tierces quoted at 6%c per lb for com
pound and 9c for pure; half-barrels, pure, 9^4c*
10-lb tins. 9%c: 6-lb tins. 9T4c.
CURED MEATS- Bacon. lOH&Ue per lb for
heavy. 12c for light medium. 13c for light. l«e
for extra light and 13c for sugar cured: East
ern sugar-cured Hams, llH812c; Mess Beef,
$12 50 per barrel; extra Mess, fl3 60; Family,
$13 50; extra Prime Pork. $16; extra clear. $19 50-
Mess, $16; Smoked .Beef. 13c per lb.
Quotations standas' before, with a fair, but
irresular business. \
Provisions.
FRUITS— Prunes. Santa Claras, 4 sixes. 3c;
40-SOs, 7c; 50-60S. 6V4c; 6O-70s. 3%c;'70-80s. 3Hc;
EO-908. 2%c; 90-lOOa. 2'ic: 10©s -and over. Ic; ru
bles, tfc premium; Sonomas, Vic and San Joa
quins Vic less than Santa Claras)^ except 100s
and over, which stand the same. Apricots, 6S
£c for Royals . and 10©llHc for Moorparks;
Evaporated Apples. 4®4Hc: - eun-drled, ihiffic-
Peaches. 4%S»c for standard, 5@6c for choice
and 7(g7%c for fancy; Pears. 2@7c; Plums
pitted, 5@6V4c: unpitted. l@lWc; Nectarines, 5O
5Hc for red and 5%6Sc for white. *• *
RAISINS— The Raisin Growers" Association
has established the following prices for the
neason of 1300: Bleached Thompson's fancy, 12c
per lb; choice, lie; standard. t\c; prime. 8c:
unbleached Thompson's 9c per lb. Sultanas—
Fancy. 10%c per lb: choice, 9»4c: standard. $%c
prime, 8c; unbleached Sultanas. Jc: Seedless.
5»-lb boxes, 6^c; 2-crown loose Muscatels. 6c;
3-crown. 6V4c; 4-crown, 7c; London Layers, 2
crown, fl 50 per box; 3-crown, $1 60; Fancy
Clusters, $2: Dehesa. $2 50; Imperial. $3. All
I rices f. o. b. at common shipping points in
California. -^-
NUTS— (Jhestnuts, G@.c per lb; Walnuts, No
1 softshell. lie; No. 2. 8c; No. 1 hardshell. 10c;
No 2. 7%c; Almonds. 15@16o for paper-shell
ll&-12Vie for softshell; Peanuts. 6®«c for East
ern;.Brazil Nuts. 13c: Filberts, lie; Pecans, u
Cl 3c: Cocoanuts. J3 SOifS. .
HONEY— Comb. 13HS14V4c for bright and 11^
@13c for light amber: water white, extracted.
7*,@8c: light amber, extracted. 7®7V4c; dark. &
fcfv,c p«r lb. ¦
BEESWAX— 24®26c per lb.
Dealers complain of the extreme dullness In
fruits. Raisins are the only thing that seems
to sell, though even they are quieter and lower
in New York.
GRAPES— Muscats. Tokays, Verdells. black
and other ordinary varieties. 35tfr50c per small
box and 0OQ60C per crate; Isabellas. In crates,
Too'uSr, Cornichone. In crates, 60@75c.
MELONS— Nutmegs, 25@40c per case; Canta
loupe*. M®7f>0 per crate.
CITRUS FRUITS— Navel Oranges. $2 6O<@4:
Seedlings. $1 00(82: Lemons. 25e<g Jl 25 for com
mon and $1 50Ctj2 bo for good to cnoice: Mexican
Limes $<fi» »0: California Limes, 40@S0c: Ba
nanas,' $1 75(g2 &0 per bunch; Pineapples, Jl 50®
3 SO per dozen.
Dried Fruits, Nuts and Raisins.
PLUMS— 2C®4Oc per box.
A PPLES— 251550c per fcox for common and
€0i?90c for good to choice: Spltzenbergs. SOc^ll;
Or».Kon Spltzenberff*. $1 25(^1 50.
PEARS— Winter Nells, 50®30c; Cooking: Pears,
25fi5Oc n<»r box.
QUINCES— 40@73c per box.
1'ERSIMMONS— 2CW 65c per box.
CRANBERRIES— Cape Cod, $S 75®9 per bar
rel; Coos Bay, $2 25@2 50 per box.
STRAWBERRIES-«g5 per chest for larje
and J9ff?10 for small berries.
HUCKLEBERRIES— 6@7c per lb.
HAtH'BKKKlES— $4 603*6 per chest.
TOMEGRANATES— 75c@$l, according to ilza
of box.
DECIDUOUS FRUIT&— ,
Supplies of Oranges continue to Increase and
prices are consequently declining. Lemons and
Limes continue weak and In heavy supply. The
Panama steamer brought up 621 cases Mexi
can Limes.
Grapes are getting scarce and prices are Im
proving In consequence.
A few days more will probably se« the laat
of Melons.
Deciduous and Citrus Fruits.
Ebbts are quoted very weak and some dealers j
do not quote over 40c for the very best. Still
lower prices are expected. Receipts are larger
and stocks are accumulating, though they are
not very heavy as yet.
Butter Is also In heavy supply and weak,
though since the market went down Los Ange
les and other points have begun to order, and
this leads dealers to hope that the bottom has
been touched.
Ther* Is no change In Ch*se.
BUTTER—
Cranmery— Fancy Creamery, 22023c; seconds,
21e. "'
'Dairy — Fancy, 21c; good to choice. 20c; com
mon, 18<819c.
Creamery tub— 203224c per lb.
Pickled roll-19e21c.
Firkln-18S13c.
Storage goods — 22%{?24c.
CHEESE — New, llHc: old, Stfllc: Tann*
America. UH'SWHc; Eastern, 13H@14c; West
ern. 10@12c per lb. - •
EGOS— Quoted at 20ft30e for store and 37tf9
42Vic per dozen for ranch; Eastern, 18©25c.
Butter, Cheese and Eggs.
GAME— Quail. Jl 25 for Valley and $2 for
Mountain; Mallard. $4^5: Canvasback, $4©6:
Sprip, »3©3 50; Teal. J2@2 30: Widgeon. $1 5b©
}1 75: Small Duck. »1 25@1 50; Gray Geese, $3.
White Geese, $1 25@1 50; Brant. $1 50 for smalt
and $2#2 50 for large: English Snipe. $1 25(gl 50;
Jack Snipe. $1: Hare. $1®1 25; Rabbits, $1 25®
1 50 for Cottontail and $1 for brush; Doves. 60
ff*65c per dozen.
POULTRY— Live Turkeys. 13<syi4c for Gob
blers and 14315c for Hens; old Turkeys, 11®
12%=: Dressed Turkeys, 15gl7c; Geese, per pair.
$1 5Cei 75: Goslings, $1 75<g2; Ducks, $334 for
old and $3 50^4 50 for young; Hens. $3 50@l CO;
Young Roosters, $4: Old Roosters, $3 50*yi;
Fryers. $3*33 50; Broilers. $3*93 50 for large and
$2 50103 fcr small;. Pigeons, $1 per dozen for old
nnd *1 f-Offl 75 for Squabs.
Receipts of Game were very heavy, and the
usual Saturday advance was therefore not
realized. There was nothing new in Poultry.
Poultry and Game.
VEGETABLES— Green Peas, 3®6o per lb;
String Beans, 3@7c; Limas, 3@4c per lb; Cab
bape. $1; Tomatoes. 253?S5c: Egg Plant.
3ri©50c per box; Green Okra. 35@50c; Green Pep
pers, 25@30c per box for Chili and 40©«0c for
Bell; Dried Peppers. 10®l»c; Carrots. 25@35c
per sack: Summer Squash, Ttc@H for Alameda:
Cucumbers, 4C@50c for Alameda; Plcklea, $1 50
per box for No. 1 and $1 for No. 2: Garlic.
4<g-5c per lb; Marrowfat Squash, $7@10 per ton.
POTATOES— River Reds, 70®80c; Burbanks.
25(3'50c for Rivers and 85c3>Jl 15 per ctl for
«alinas and 60Q90c for Oregon; Sweets, 50@65c
for Rivers and 85<S90c for Merced.
ONIONS— 75c®U 25 per ctl; Pickle Onions,
4G4jv.Cc Der sack.
There !s nothing new of any consequence
under this head, all kinds except Onions be
ing In ample supply. River Potatoes glut the
market, and some Burbanks are selling down
to 15@20c per eack.
Mushrooms are on the market at 10"@15c per
pound.
DRIED PEAS— Niles. $1 5002: Green. $1 80®
2 20 per ctl; Blackeye. $1 SCSI 75.
Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables.
Receipts of Beans were 13,444 eks, making
abcut 64,100 for the week. This is a very
large quantity, but the market has steadily
advanced, nnd was still higher yesterday, as
will b* seen. White descriptions are the firm
est, as the bulk of arrivals are colored, prin
cipally Pinks.
BEANS— Bayos. $2 90#3; Small White. $4@
4 10; Large White, «3 10-H3 25: Pink. $2®2 15;
Red. $2 75®3; Blackeye, $2 9$®$ 10; Lima. $5 20
(§5 25; Pea, J4@4 25: Red Kidneys, $3 75®4.
SEEDS— Brown Mustard, nominal; Yellow
Mustard, nominal; Flax. $2 2502 40; Canary,
3Hc per lb for California and 4c for Eastern:
Alfalfa, Jiff9V4c; Rape. 2\i©3c; Hemp, 4@4^c;
Timothy. 4t?4V.c.
Beans and Seeds.
There .'b now plenty of Bran on the market
and prices are weak.
Hay is also rather weak, as receipts are heavy
for this time of the year. Rolled Barley Is
firm, in sympathy with the raw product.
BRAN- M4S15 per ton.-
MIPDLINGS-J16 50@13 £0 ner ton.
FEEDSTUFFS— Rolled Barley. $15 5CK2J16 50
per ton; Oilcake Meal at the mill. J25®28; Job
bint;. JJ6 50; Cocoanut Cake. $17018; Corn Meal,
J26-S27; Cracked Corn, $26 to®27 50; Mixed Feed.
$i5<3ie. . ,
HAY— Volunteer. $5@8: Wheat. $lli313 50;
Wheat and Oat. $10012 60; Oat. $9®U 80; Clover,
tiig": Alfalfa. $fi SO£fS 50; Barley. $7©9 per ton.
STRAW— 35@45c per bale.
Hay and Feedstuff s.
Oregon and Washington, $2 7E<93 10 per bbl for
family and $2 15@3 50 for bakers'; Eastern.
U 76©5 76 per bbl.
MILLSTUFFS-Prtces in sacks are as fol
lows, usual discount to the trade: Graham
Flour, %3 per 100 lbs; Rye Flour. $2 75; Rye
Meal, $2 50; Rice Flour, *7; Corn Meal. $2 75;
extra cream do, $3 50; Oat Groats, $4 50; •Hom
iny, $3 50£t3 75; Buckwheat Flour. $4@4 23;
Cracked Wheat. $3 50; Farina. U 50; Whole
Wheat Flour. $3 25: Rolled Oats (barrels). $S<@
7 25; in sacks. ?5 75@7: Pearl Barley. J5; Split
Peas, {5; Green Peas, $5 50 per 1C0 lbs.
FOR SATURDAY. NOVEMBER. 3.
Flour, qr ska.... 39. ISO .Chicory, bbls fc>
Wheat, ctls 801 1 Alfalfa seed. sk3. 2A%
Barley, ctls 5.37<vShorts, sks 40
Oats, ctls 5in!HIden. No 3*2
Corn. East, ctls. l,500|Pelts. bdls , 188
Cheese, ctls' 10 1 Hay. tons 662
Butter, ctls ' 290 ! Straw. tons' 25
leather, rolls .. KrtjEggs. do* 12,««o
Wine, gals 47.Son|Beans. sks . 13.444
Suj?ar. sks 1.5W Potatoes, sks .... 6.S70
Sugar, bbls . 550 Onions, sks ..... l.V>
Lime, bbls 182 Bran, sks 270
Quicksilver, flks. 28*< Middlings, sks... 1.1M
OREGON.
Flour, qr sks.... 18,710! Onions, sks ...... 11
Oats, ctls 1.950; Bran, sks 4.850
Potatoes, sks ... l.Mfl » ,
WASHINGTON.
Potatoes, sks .. 4S1|
HONOLULU.
Wool, bales 6'
Receipts of Produce.
COAL — Wellington. $3 per ton: SnuthfleM
AVelllnrton, $9: Seattle, V. Bryant. *7; Coo*
Bay. Si 50: Walt send. IS; Co-owratlve Wall
send. t9: Cumberland. 112 In bulk and S13 25 In
sacks: Pennsylvania Anthracite Egg. $14: Can
nel. J12 per ton: Cok», 115 per ton In bulk and
113 in backs; Rocky Mountain ' descriptions.
iS 45 per 2000 lbs and J3 50 per ton, according to
brand.
RICE— China mixed. « 2304 30: N'o. 1. S4 70f»
4 85; extra. $o@5 50; Japanese, 14 954^5 30; Louis
iana. *4<fl7: Hawaiian. J4 75 per ctl.
SALMON— Round lots are quoted as follows:
Alaska red. $1 20; medium <K $1 10: pink. 35c;
.Columbia River. Chinook. Jl 70 for tails and
$1 85 for flats; barreled Salmon. $10 for Alaska
barrels and $5 50 for half barrels.
SUGAK— The Western f-uzar Keflntng Com
pany quotes, per lb. In 100-lb bags:
Crushed. 6.65c: Powdered. 6.25c: Candy Gran
ulated, 6.15c: Dry Granulated. <5.15c; Confec
tioners' A. 6.15c; Magnolia A. 5.75c: Extra C,
5.65c; Golden C. 5.£5c; barrels. lf«c more; half
barrels, 25c more; boxes. 50c more; 60-Ib bags.
10c more. No orders taken for less than 75
barrels or its. equivalent. Dcminos. half-bar
nls, 6.90c; boxes. 7.15c per lb.
BAGS — San Quentln nags. S3 «3: Calcutta
Grain Bars. June and July. SH^S^c; Wool
Bags. 28^©32V4c; Fleece Twine. 7ftc: Fruit
Bags. VAfit\c for white and SVlSS'ic tor
blearhe 1 Jute.
General Merchandise.
There Is nothing new to report In this mar
ket.
BEEF— «©6%c for Steers and 5®3Vjc per tb
for Cowg.
VEAL— Large. 7@Sc; small. 8%39c per lb.
MUTTON— Wethers, 7©7%c; ewes. 6Vr37c,p<»r
pound.
LAMB— ?@8Hc per lb. -
PORK— Live Hogs. 5Hc for small. 5'ic fr,r
medium and 5<4c for large: stock Hoes and
feeders, 5c; dressed Hogs. 7Vi®SHc
San Francisco Meat Market.
skins, 33c: fall or medium skins. 30c: winter or
thin skins, 17%©a>c. Goatskins— Prime An
goras. 75c; large and smooth, 50c; medium, Joe.
TALLOW— No. 1 rendered, 4©4>4c per lb- No.
2. 3@3>*c; grease. 2@2Hc
WOOL— Spring clip Is quotable as follows:
Northern, free. 15<318c: Northern, defective. 12®
14c: Middle County, free. I4©iac; Middle County,
defective. 12@14c; Southern Mountain. U
months'. 9® 10c; Southern Mountain free ;
months*. 11012c: Southern Mountain, defective.
7 months'. B«£llc: Humboldt and Mendocmo, 18
©17c; Nevada. 13'516c per lb.
Fall Clip— San Joaquln, 6H©8c; do Lambs', S
69c: Mlddla County. 9010c per lb.
HOPS-llH©13c per lb.
THE SAN FBANC15CJO CALL, SUNDAY, NOVEMBER 4, 1900.
Foreign Futures.
California Fruit Sales.
THE STOCK MARKET.
Nr<v York Grain and Produce.
LOCAL MARKETS.
Chicago Grain Market.
LJke - Halloween ¦ ami Hogmanay, and
other ".Old -World festivals.' the- Harvest
Home — which used to crown with joy. and
gladness the r completion of the Ingather
ing of the fruits of:the earth In Scotland
bids fair to become a thing of the past. .
31
COMMERCIAL AND FINANCIAL NEWS
THE 0. R. & II. GO.
WSPATCII FAST STEAiTirRS TO
PO-RTLAN ID
Frcm SDear-street Wharf at 19 A. M.
CADC S12F!rscClas3. Including Berth
rHOC 53 Second ClaiS. and Meals.
COLUMBIA fails Nov. 4. 14. 24. Dec. 4
GEO. W. ELDER sails..; Nov. 9, 15, 29
Short Lln« to Walla Walla. Spokane. Bitt<».
Helena and all points in 'the Northwest.
Through tickets to all points East.
E. C. WARD, Oeneral Acent,
K0 Market street.
TOYO KISEN KAISHA.
STEAMERS WILL LEAVE WHARF. COR-
nar Flrstr and Brannan streets, at 1 p. m..
for YOKOHAMA and HONGKONG, railing at
Kobe (Hlogo), Nagasaki and Shanghai, and
connecting at Hongkong with steamers for In-
dia, etc. No cargo received on board on day
of sailing.
SS. HONGKONG MARTT
Tuesday. November 13. 19C0
SS. NIPPON MARU
«: ': Thursday. December t. 1900
SS. AMERICA MARU *
. Saturday. December 15. 1309
Via Honolulu.
Round-tri? tickets at reduced rates. For
freight and passage apply at company's office,
421 Market utreet. corner of First.
j TV. H. AVERY. General Agent.
AMERICAN LINE.
KIW TOBX. BOHTHAMPTOS. LONDON. PA2I3.
Stopping at Cherbourg, westbound.
From New York Every Wednesday, 10 a. m.
St. Louis Nov. 14[St. Louis Dec. 5
New York Nov. 21|New York Dec. 1J
St. Paul Nov. 23 St. Paul Dec. 13
RED STAR LINB.
Nav/ York and Antwam.
From 'New York Every Wednesday. 12 noon.
Southwark Nov. 141 Noordland Dec. 5
Westernland ...Nov. 2l|FrIe«land Dec. 13
Kensington Nov. 23 Southwark Dec. It
For freight and passare aooly to
INTERNATIONAL NAVIGATION CO..
30 Montgomery st. Or any of its acenta.
OCEANIC S.S. CO.-HONOHTLU, APIA
AUCKLAND AND SYDNEY.
SS. AUSTRALIA for Tahiti.
Thursday. November 1. 4 p. m.
SS. ZEALANDIA (Honolulu only)
Saturday, November 10, J p. ra,
SS. SIERRA, for Honolulu. Samoa. New
Zealand and Australia
Wednesday. November 21. 9 p. m.
U 0. SPRECXELS * BROS. CO.. Aqts., 643 Market St
Pier 7. Foct Pacific SI. Frcicht Office. 327 Market St
COX7ASICIS BE5IB11.3 TKAN3ATLAJTP1QC2.
DIRECT LINE to HAVRE-PARIS.
Sailing every Thursday, instead of <5*5t^
Saturday, from November 2. 18j9. at w*3»Bas
10 a. m.. from Pier it. North River, foot of
Morton street. L'AQUITAINE. Nov. S. First-
class to Havre. 155 and upward. Second class
to Havre, 112 50 and upward. GENERAL.
AGENCY FOR UNITED STATES and CAN-
ADA. 32 Broadway <Hn<l3on building). New
York. J. F. FUGAZI & CO.. Pacific Coast
A»*nt». 5 Montgomery avenue. San Fronclsco.
BAY AND RIVER STEAMERS.
FOrITsTnAVY-YARD and YALLEJO
Steamer "MontlcoIIo." .
• MON.. Taes.. Wed.. Thurs. and Sat. at »:43
a. m.. 3:15. S:30 p. m. (ex. Thurs. night); Fri-
days. 1 p. m. and 8:20: Sundays. 10:30 a. m.. S
p. m.' Landing and office. Mission-street Dock.
Pier No. 3. * Telephone Main 1533.
' FARE ...^..v....^......^..:, ... M .J&*
OCEAN TRAVEL,
Pacific Coast Steamship Co.
i ' Steamers leave Broadway
h^ wharf. Fan Francisco:
l W» < "*v w fV ' r AJVkan Ports— 11 a. m .
iS^al^^ii Fcr Victoria. Vancouver 'B.
Pffir-g^'r^.l C)l lort T w " s " r " ! - Seattl*.
* Tacoma. Fvereit. Aracort»s
and New vWhatcom iffanh.i —
11 a. m., Nov. 2, 7. 12, 17. 22.
ST. Dec. 2, «n<J every fifth flay thereaft?r.
Chans* at Seattle for tMs rompany's steamers
for Alarji.i and G. N. Ry. : ar Seattle or Tacoma
to N. P. Ry. ; at Vancouver to C. P. Ry.
For Eureka. Humboldt Bay— 2 p. m.. Nov. 4.
9. 14. 19. U. 23. Dec. i and every fifth day there-
after.
For Fan Diego stopping only at Port Harforfl
(San Luis Ob1i>po>. Santa Barbara. Port Lc«
Angeles and Redondo iLos AnKelen) — 11 a. m..
Nov. 1. 6. 9. 13. 17. 21. 25, 29, Dec. J. and every
fourth day thereafter.
Fcr Santa Crua. Monterey. San Simeon. Cayu-
cob. Port Harford (San Lu'.s OMspo>. Oavlota.
Santa Barbara. Ventura. Hueneme. San Pedro.
East San Pedro (Los Anjr^le«> and Newport— 9
a. m., Nov. 3, 7, 11. 15. 19. Z3. 27. Dec. 1. and
every fourth day thereafter.
Fcr Ensenada. Macdalena Bay, San Jn«e del
Cabo. Mazatlan. Altata. La Paz. Santa Roaalta
and Guaymas iMexico>— '} a. m.. 7th, of each
month.
For further hifornsatlon obtain company's
folders.
The company reserves th» rieht to change
without rrevlou« nntlr*.
TICKKT OFFICE-4 New Montgomery
Btr»»t (Pa)ace Hrtel).
GOODALL. PERKINS A CO.. Gen. Agents.
10 Market «t.. San Francinco.
AUCTION SALES
SPECIAL AUCTION SALE!
fe> 5^> fes
MONDAY.
MONDAY November S
At 11 a. m.. on the sren:!sen.
No. 16:i Vallejo St.. between Van Ness xw*.
and Franklin St.. I will sell a consplete con-
tractor's outfit, consisting of 28 head of horses
and niares, sand wagons, dump carts, harness,
tools, etc.. etc.; also I zinc lined scavenger
cart and 1 phaeton. This sale Is peremptory.
9. WATKINH. Auctioneer.Those who compare Italy with the most
progressive countries in Europe, estab
lishing parallels between what in late
years has been done in Germany, Eng
land and France, and the corresponding
results in the peninsula.' do not take note
of the difference which existed at tho
starting point. Italy was so behind the
others that, of course, even running, she
cannot yet claim to have reached those
who have continued their way simply
walking. Forty years ago she did not
exist, and out of worse than nothing,
through revolutions and wars, she has
with sudden ambition made herself a
Italy's Progress.
be formed for the purpose of developing the
extensive iron ore measures of Kern County.
A few months ago a party of Eastern iron
magnates inspected the vast magnetic ore de
posits lying near the boundaries of Kern and
Ventura counties, and before "• returning to
th«>Ir homes they unhesitatingly proclaimed
thia county as posseting the greatest oppor
tunities for plgrlron manufacture of any dis
trict west of the Mississippi River. Their
parting words were: "The day is not distant
when a score of furnaces will be belching
forth Iron. From this field all the iron used
on th» coast may be drawn, and the condition
of freights will make it Impossible for the
East to compete for the trade. We know of
no other field where the opportunities for capi
tal are so lnvltintr. And It will soon take hold
of the development of these mountains of Iron.
U'e were aswunded by what we saw while on
this tour of lnspectloa You people do not
The -consolidation of ' the Gold, and Sil
ver Extraction Company of America and
the Cassel Gold Extracting Company.
Limited, under the name of the Allied
Cyanide Companies of America, -Limited,
is projected. The plan is. to- have 35.000
shares of stock, the directors to be Wil
liam Forrest of the Mac Arthur-Forrest
process, J. R. de Lamar and Henry A.
Jones, the last named being managing 1
director of the Cassel Extracting Com
pany. Limited, of Glasgow. Scotland^
The proposition In to buy and work un
der British management with a local ad
visory board In Denver, the MacArthur-
Forrest cyanide patent business of the
Gold and Silver Extraction Company of
America. Limited, and the zinc dust pre
cipitation patents of J. R. de Lamar, the
Denver advisory board to consist of Hugh
Butler. William H." James, Philip Argall
and George A. Anderson, the latter to be
general manager. An option has been se
cured on the Kendal patents.
The Bakersfleld Echo has the following:
Ons of these days a ctron? incorporation will
AH along the line In every variety of gold
rrinins; the prospect of the county was never
t*tter and the close* of the season will place
Trinity near the head of the gold producing
counties of the State.
The Blue Lakes Advocate has the fol
lowing information: ".;::¦;-•• '¦
The Humboldt Placer Mining Company,
where property Is situated at Buckeye Moun
tain, -within two or three miles of Mlnersville.
Trinity County, which has been ¦ bonded for
*nme time part- for $125,000. Is expected to
chance hands. by November 2". the time the
bond expires; if not then another purchaser
wil! be found. The Fortuna correspondent of
the Times states that the mining ground owned
by this company contains about 25C0 acre?. If
the deal goes through a number of Fortuna
and Blocksburg people will be financially bene
fited: in la.r\ most of the*money coming from
a. sale will come to Humboldt County.
The Tritnity Journal says:
The mlr.las: outlook for Trinity for th* coming
fi-iMin is unuxualiy good. In addition to the
old established mtneo wvenil new enterprises
have been inaugurated the past summer which
promise well. Noticeably among these Is the
opening up end the e<juipm»"nt of ¦ the Last
Chance Company's mines on the Trinity River
— a va*t undertaking that will prove of great
btneflt to the. county and remunerative to the
investors. This fine property • is now thor
oughly equipped for tlie winter's work.
C. J. Garland and others of Oakland
have bonded the Church mine, three miles
south of El Dorado, and are unwatering
It. preparatory, to reopening. There is a
10-stamp mill on the property. The shaft
Is 1000 feet deep.
this year, on a basis of the foregoing cal
culation, will nearly equal. If indeed they
do not exceed, the total value of the home
product for the year 1S34.
The Tuolumne Independent says: The
work of unwaterlng the Mazeppa mine
was begun last Monday, with the Inten
tion of operating the property. Water
was turned Into the ditch to start up the
20-stamp mill at the Arp mine. Good
progress is being made on the new addi
tion to the mill of 60 stamps. Times are
Improving at Jacksonville and vicinity.
Mechanics are repairing the old mill at
th(» Willamette mine and a quantity of
rock on the dump will be run through.
There Is some development of the old
workings.
begin to appreciate the future In store for
you."
great power, uniting together peoples
which, although belonging to the same
race, had become ¦ through centuries of
separation, almost heterogeneous.—Inter
national Monthly.
Presidents and Sausages.
David Bennett Hill Is nothing If not
vigorous and. terse In h!s mode of speech,
rUates the Saturday Evening Post. When
in the Senate' he was always of the
sledge-hammer type of speakers, and It
would seem that he has not grown rusty
in this art during his retirement at Wol
forts Roost. It was Just after the Kansas
City convention, In July, that he delivered
himself of a characteristic speech on the
making of He was returning
from his struggle there to maintain a
semblance of conservatism before the con
vention, when he was accosted by a
friend, who persisted in asking him all
manner of questions. What he thought of
the platform, what he thought of the
chairman, what he thought of Croker.
and finally what he thought of Bryan as
standard-bearer. The ex-Senator pushed
back his hat until his bald head became
visible, and, pulling fiercely at his mus
tache, replied: r
"Oh, well, Presidents are very much like
sausages."
"How so?" asked the astonished ques
tioner. •
"Oh, you like 'em better when you don't
see 'em made," replied the ex-Senator.
Good Cause of Action.
In Louisiana, if a creditor finds that his
debtor Intends to leave the State and stay
away he can, without further botnerlng,
get out an attachment and seize whatever
property the unfortunate may have, says
the Chicago Journal.
/A creditor, who was one. of Colonel
Proudfoofs .clients, performed this oper
ation one morning and the debtor was
so hurt about It- that he fell dead. The
debtor's heirs went to law later .and
claimed the property on the grounds that
the death made the seizure invalid.
."The law in this case, gentlemen. Is
very clear," said the colonel, when his»
chance came. "It says that if a man ia
about. to leave the State permanently hit
property may be seized. If our late la
mented friend was not about to leave the
State permanently I - never want* to
handle another case."
Democracy, at ! West. Point.
A recent examination of. the records* of
nearly 400 cadets for v the past ten. years
shows that outside the sons of army offi
cers, of -which there; were sixty-five,- 1 149
were sons of farmers. 115 sons of "mer
chants. * 100 . sons of lawyers, 37 sons of
manufacturers, 32 sons of mechanics 20
sons of insurance agents. 19 sons of real
estate agents. ,. 14 sons, of clergymen. •- 13
sons of editors, bankers and bookkeepers
10 of druggists, 9 of; drummers, 8 of school
teachers « and ; 6 . of dentists. Among the
others almost every calling Is represented
by 4 the fathers of one or more.— Cram's
Magazine. •
MINERS OF ALL
SEETIOIS READY
FOR GOOD WORK
Supervisors Invited to Name
Delegates to State Con
vention.
Larger Appropriations Sought to
Promote Work of Geological Sur
vey — News Notes From
Sevsral Localities.
According to a market review the prod
uct of copper in this country from Jan
uary 1 to October 1 of the present year
has amounted to pounds, worth
approximately, horn $72,000,000 to $75,000.
oor>. Allowing R cents a pound for a.11 ex
penses the net earnings for nine month*
would, therefore, be from $35.S40,000 to
I37JBOOJ0M. Th« I'nlred States copptr pro
ductiorj for tne first nine months of this
year in figured out to be worth from
about J16/<00,0O.J to fl5.O00.O00 more than
that for the whole of 1SS6, when copper
*old at from 9* 4 to 12 cents, and from
S2r,.W>jm to t2S.OJ0.fKW more than the en
tire production during the year 1855.
when copper market values ranged from
£** to 12 1 * cents. Six years ago the price
of copper was as low as fl cents, while
1(»U cents marked the highest point in
that year. The nine months' profits for
A report has been received concerning
the operations of the Alaska Trcadwell
Gold Mining Company in Alaska during
the year ending- May SI. 1900. There were
mined and milk-d .V.7>"/» tons of ore. The
bullion so!<J brought $1,153,315. the aver
age per ton being $2O<5. The total receipts,
including store and miscellaneous profits
amounted to tl.lOjOW. The net working
profit is *<?t down at 5673.W1. Four divi
dends, amounting in all to 6 per cent, on
the srock. were paid. lea.ving a balance
Of S373.9S1 to be added to a balance
brought over from the. preceding vear of
$230,717.
It 1* our belief end <W:r» that the FH»ral
Oovprtimmt should make tarter apjiropristinri;:
lor this scientific work, and that the respective
Stctes nv.-i Territories which we represent
»houl<1 newel larger allotments from the Fed.
?ral Oov*rnment for these investigations in the
F-outhweM. and that our i— p«fH»t State? and
" eiritcrt'-t be urged to Trsak» appropriations to
,r.-r-r» rate with tl.e Oeolojrkal Purvey. an4
that the M-cretary of this association be hereby
inMructed to present copies of these resolutions
to the Governors of Arizona. New Mexico, Ne-
M*oa. T'tah and I'alifornia and to their Con-
HTfior.p 1 rrprefspntatives at Washington.
The action of the California Water aji'd
Forest. Association is certain to havt
iKuch interest for the miners in the next
few months. Already the Water and For
est Association has a membership of over
Ci>'H. practically all of which has been se
cured since last July. • Before the jjieet
irig of ih«> Legislature a sarong attempt
is to be made to get many more thousands
of members. The purpose of this fs, part
ly to have a strong backing when the
legislature comes together. It is well
known that legislation will be asked for
The purpose of straightening out the pres
ent tangle in titles to water.
The Southwest Miners' Association has
adopted resolutions calling upon the Fed
eral Ooveminent to make larger appropri
ations for the work of the Geological Sur
vey. In a preamble it is s*>t forth that
The topepraphic. geological and hydro
graphic work of ih<» survey is considered
of great importance in the development
of the mining industries of the Southwest
and that many of the Eastern States arc
co-operatir.g- with the work by making ap
propriations to aid the national Govern
ment, thus securing a.n increase of the
fund from the State and also an increased
Eliotmrnt from the genera! Government,
under the well-known policy of aiding
Those who are willing to help themselves.
The tejrt of the resolutions, in part. Is as
follows:
Secretary Benjamin of the California
Miners' Association has sent invitations
to Supervisors in counties where there
ere no organizations of miners to name
ticlegatt-s 10 the State Mining Convention,
¦which v.ill tend to make the representa
tion of all the mining section genera!. In
addition to th!.« it is probable that the oil
miners win JaJte considerable part in the
convention. The California Oil Produc
ers' Association •will probably be repre
sented on the convention floor. Larpe
delegations ore coming from Kern am!
Fan Bernardino counties. The importance
of the oil industry and the many ques
tions that have arisen will be made clear.
The programme of business has not been
prepared. A meeting: of the executive
committee of the California Miners' Asso
ciation will be held in a few days, at
which the general topic will be talked
over more or less. The miners look for
ward to a very interesting convention.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, NOVEMBER 4, 1900.
32
Hudnut's goods — the very name suggests fragrance — are recognized in
every land where perfumes and toilet requisites are sold as the standard by
which all others are judged.
Hudnut's quadruple heliotrope and Hudnut's violet and heliotrope cloth-
peau d'espagne sachet powder — per ing tablets — each 50c
package ; 50c Hudnut's floral hearts in vioiet.'helio-
Hudnut s famous perfumes— all odors trope and rose— for the breath— each
— per ounce •*»Oc to $j$4.r»O v 25c
Hudnut's violet sec toilet waters — the Hudnut's lavender smelling salts
finest that can be produced— per bottle per bottle 50c
7f »? tp • $0.25 Pasta-mack— for the bath— known and
Hudnuts violet superb and sweet used the civilized world over per box
orchid face powders — per box.. .$1.OO $1.OO
Hudnut's cold cream— per jar SiOcjo el perfecto rouge— gives the color of
" • ..$1.J>O youth to the cheeks — per box .'Oc
we want your mail orders and will give them best attention.
finest and purest French confections and chocolates 35c per pound.
first floor — third aisle
for weeks our clever designers have been putting forth their best efforts
and have produced some wondrously beautiful things for the coming opera sea-
son, some expensive Paris creationsare in the lot, but among the least ex-
pensive reign beauty, elegance and refinement to a remarkable degree. Here's
a hint of some of the new thines —
stylish head-dresses in all the ,most handsome head-dresses of chenille and
called lor colors— dainty combinations soft aigrettes— all the fashionable colors
of panne velvets, with gold tinsel, tiny — price 91.OO
ostrich tips, and aigrettes — iust the children's uiitrimmed flat hats, in red
thing to complete a handsome toilet— navy, tan and castor— each 05c
price $2.00 feather bSll pompons— black or white
trimmed hats — toques, turbans and .,, 49e
walking shapes in pink. eold. blue, children's tucked sombrero hats :n
white and castor— richly trimmed with brown, navy, castor and red— each..OSc
panne velvets, laces, ostrich and fancv misses' fine felt hats— trimmed with
feathers, spangles, novel ornaments and polka dot scarfs and rosettes — each
the like, prices range from S?1*5.OO Jf»1.6!>
down to $3.00 ladies' felt walking hats in castor or
tucked ladysmith hats, in castor, grav. gray— trimmed with silk bows— each...
red and navy — each 75t; ...$1.GJ>
Hudnut's perfumes and toilet goods
stylish millinery at popular prices
second floor— take elevator.
hairdressing and manicuring.
these departments, elegantly appointed
and fitted with the most modern appli-
ances, are in charge of painstaking experts,
the latest Paris fad in hair-dressing is the
Marcel undulating, our artists are the only
people west of New York who are compe-
tent to give this difficult and beautiful
wave to the hair.
men's nightshirts of good quality men's wool mixed shirta and
flannelette-cut generously full and drawers in natural gray and camel's
, , ... • r hair — serviceable garments of good
extra long-a splendid variety of oat- wc i g ht— suitable for all the var
terns to choose from— each — 50c round— per garment 75c
men's furnishings
otir furnishing goods business moves forward steadily — grows bigger day by
day. nothmg but right goods at right prices could create such success, we
never star the stock spasmodically. _ it is a leading feature always, these
suggestions indicate the caliber of its every-day offerings^ —
we extend to our friends and patrons a cordial invitation to call and
have their eyes examined free of charge, we shall make a feature of the
scientific adjustment of glasses and prescription work, the department is
fitted with every appliance necessary for testing the eyes, both bv the ordi-
nary subjective method and by the objective or dark room method. the
department is in charge of a thoroughly competent and reputable refract-
ing optician — Dr. N. S. Casey — who will spare no pains to please you. he
makes a specialty of examining the eyes of children, and by his dark room
test can accurately correct defects in children too young to read or have
their eyes tested by ordinary methods, we intend to maintain in this de-
partment the same deeree of excellence that characterizes the other
branches of our business, and we guarantee a saving of at least 2.% oer cent
from the prices now prevailing in this city for the same class of work,
oculists' prescriptions filled. .. ¦•:."
shades put up at reasonable prices.
our new optical dept. opens to-morrow
iooo plain opaque shades, mounted Hartshorn rollers— complete with
on 15-16 patent spring rollers— our shade pulls and brackets, each... 70c
price, complete with shade pulls and 300 hand-painted, extra heavy oil
brackets, each 35c opaque shades, with five-inch knot-
900 hand-painted, extra heavy oil ted. fringe^ — size .38 x 84 inches —
opaque shades in all the usual col- mounted on genuine Hartshorn roll-
ors— 38 inches wide and 7 feet long ers — our price, complete with shade
— mounted on one-inch genuine pulls and brackets, each OOc
we make the advent of this new department particularly memorable
by placing on sale several thousand window shades at a marked saving
from the prices such goods usually command, before placing orders for
these shades we invited competition from all the best manufacturers in this
country, the great selling power of this store is well known, and we se-
cured the pick of the market at prices that permit these offerings —
window shades— 3 c £,7t££n? d flo ° 1 '
native land acrot* the sea^ — attrac-
tive enough tor their beautv without
the added inducement of these little
prices-
white Katjz* »mptre fans with ivory
sticks—hand decorated and spangled,
—each :; .91.50
fine Ka.uzc fans with carved ivory
sticks and lace trimmed edzesydec-
orated with hand-painted violets,
forget-me-nots and lilies of the valley
— one of the gems of the collection —
each 9«*«50
beautiful gauze fant with carved
ivory sticks — hand-painted and span-
gled with the added adornment of
bowknots and other designs appli-
qued in lace — each 92.OO
gauze fans with either plain or
carved ivory sticks — decorated with
spangles and hand-painted forget-
me-nots, violets and other flowers in
natural colors — each 9 1 « 2 »>
opera glasses
genuine Lemaire French ooera-
glasses — pearl and gold-plated bar-
rels—worth $15.00— now 9*2.95
fans for the opera
first floor — second aisle,
exquisite things fresh from their
these offerings will srive additional
prestige tp this handkerchief depart-
ment already widely famous for un-
usual values at all times —
ladies' handkerchicf9-^thc orettiest
novelties of the year— exquisite com-
binations of hand-made renaissance
and duchesse lace braids, fine laces
and pure linen lawns^ — each
91.25 to 92.25
ladies* sheer linen handkerchiefs
with beautiful scalloped and em-
broidered borders ornamented with
lace — also with borders composed of
alternating rows of fine valenciennes
insertion and honiton braid with
edges of gathered lace— each.$l»OO
ladies' fine Irish linen hemstitched
handkerchiefs, trimmed with one and
one-half inch mechlin lace in butter-
fly and many other beautiful patterns
— each 5Oc
ladies' sheer linen lawn handker-
chiefs with border of one or' two
rows of fine valenciennes lace inser-
tions, finished with valenciennes lace
edging J4 to iJ4 inches wide— each
25c
handkerchiefs for
.^the opera
first floor— second aisle.
have arrived and the gathering is
now complete, it's an exhibit well
meriting inspection and of unusual
interest just now in view of the ap-
proaching opera season. I
ladies' two-c!asp real French kid
suede pique gloves, in the latest
pastel shades of mode and tan— per
pair 91.50
ladies' three-clasp real French kid
gloves, in the fashionable evening
shades — white, pearl, cream and
mastique — per pair . .* ..Sjll.&O
gentlemen's mocha gloves, in the
newest shades of gray and havana —
per pair %\.?>O
gentlemen's real cape prix seam
gloves in new shades of havana and
red— per pair :. $l««5O
opera glasses
genuine Lemaire mother-of-pearl
and . gold-plated barrels— worth
$15.00— special $10.95
gloves for the opera
the last of our fall importations
neckwear for the
opera
first floor— second aisle —
simultaneously, with the announcement that a season of grand opera would begin in this city November 12th,
we began the gathering of this superb collection, this has been a year of marvels in every branch of artistic effort, the
Paris exposition has brought out every latent energy — has stimulated art and handicraft — has made designers of fabrics
and costumes vie one with another to conjure wonders of beauty that would out-dazzle and pass far beyond all previous
achievement, we gathered lavishly of this magnificence and cordially invite you to come to-morrow, or any day this week
that bests suits yotir convenience, and view the display, so many are the attractions that many a pleasant hour can be spent
in acquiring style-knowledge and seeing beauty, the miniature opera-house on exhibition in one of our big show windows,
with its stage and artists, its scenery, footlights and proscenium boxes filled with spectators appareled in rich evening
dress, is a masterpiece of window decoration, to make this event doubly interesting we inaugurate to-morrow a series of
sales in every department — the kind that has made this model dry-goods house more than locally famous.
swell novelties, new stvles — gath-
ered especially for the coming opera
season, our own and New York
creations share with the beauti-
ful foreigners the honors of making
this the most fascinating display of
neckwear we have ever made, .space
to-day to tell of but one of the hun-
dreds of kinds.
. the "Melba" — a triumph from our
own workrooms, it is made with a
taffeta silk stock collar and ten-inch
double plisse jabot trimmed with
half-inch lace' braid, the collar is or-
namented with two rows of no. 3
gold tinsel ribbon and bows of same
finished with gold tassel ends — price
: $2.00
ostrich feather boas — in black,
white and natural, a new shipment
received yesterday will be placed on
sale to-morrow at these prices—
54 inches long... each $20.00
45 inches long.. .each $13. 5O
one ya'r'd long.. ..each $10.00
• opera glasses
chevalier opera-glasses — gold-
plated barrels with Dresden decora-
?ions — worth $8.00 — now.. . . . .$6.i>5
i Opposite Golden Gate Ave.
popular prices for
popular corsets
-, second floor — rear. '
private fitting-rooms — expert cor-
set fitters." no corsets we know of
combine more perfectly those neces-
sary requisites of the perfect corset
—ease, grace, elegance and fashion-
able contour— than those to be found
at our progressive department on the
second floor, here are three of the
many popular kinds — 4
the "Cresco" corsets are the only
ones i with a disconnected hip "con-
struction, they cannot break at the
waistline, made of black and drab
jeari, in three lengths— lone* short
and regular. sizes 18 to 30. per
pair $1.OO
extra sizes. 31 to 36, per pair.. $1. 25
"kid-fitting" corsets — a new
French model made with taperine:
hips and trimmed at top .and bot-
tom with lace run with baby ribbon
— colors black, drab and white, per
pair 91.OO
the "Redfern" corsets— made of
best quality imported Italian cloth —
bias cut — new straight front — boned
throughout with penuine whalebone,
per pair $3.OO and $5.OO
Market Street, Near Sixth
muslin underwear
enticingly priced
second floor — rear.
the splendid variety— the beautiful
styles— and then the prices— make
this display of undermuslins one o£
unusual interest to all thrifty shop-
pers, this week, closer than U3unl
pricing.
ladies' skirts of heavy, soft-finish
muslin — finished at bottom with
twelve-inch flounce made of three
rows of torchon lace two and one-
half inches wide, and broken with
two r6ws of torchon insertion — -extra
dust ruffle— exceptional value, each
,....^1.00
ladies' nightgowns of fine, soft-
finish muslin — two different stvles —
one is made high in the neck% which
is edged with embroidery, it has a
very handsome yoke composed of
embroidery insertion, and clusters of
fine tucks and is finished with hem-
stitched lawn ruffle around yoke and
cuffs, the other is the Dooular em-
pire style, handsomely finished with
a hemstitched ruffle, and made with
yoke of fine -tucks and lawn revers
trimmed with embroidery insertion-
regular price $1.00— : now only..SSe
opera wraps silk waists perfumes French hosiery handkerchiefs
costumes silk skirts opera fans fancy ribbons neckwear
millinery rich silks Jewelry opera glasses kid gloves
and a week of big safes in all departments
now for the swell opera tixinqs
Hale's new store
Hale's.
Hale's.
Hale's.
Hale's.
Hale's.
Hale's.
&\^=7**^ C^^S^S" '•* w -^^" f Ml r\\\
\ x^^vV^ hairdressin^ and manicuring
t ! f ifvV/V these departments, elegantly appoi
Yki I a}//// anc^ tte<^ with the most modern a
-JlfiilP^ ances. are in charge of painstaking exf
l^p>^ the latest Paris fad in hair-dressing is
TrS, Marcel undulating, our artists are the
(Up* people west of New York who are coi
j "THE CREDIT HOUSE"
; Six Stories Itigb
I Just notice the members
I of your household these
I rainy days and see how
I partial they are to rockers.
| This oak one; flat arms,
I velour, spring -upholster-
: cd seat. Made on com-
| fortable lines $2.25
| Linen Table Sets
• Equal to the pride of the ne2t house-
; keeper in her snowy table linen, is
i ours for our stock of Linen Table Sets.
• Pure Jinen table covers of latest pat-
j tem, large enough for 12 people, with
|*I2 napkins to match, as low as $4.50.
A dozen different Carpet -Rugs, with
borders to match, in flowered & Ori-
ental patterns. Beautiful and good.
Velvet 6x7 ft. was $ 9.50— $ 653
Bofly Brnssels . «x7 ft. was J12.00— 3_8.50
Tapestry 6x8 it. was 112.00— t 8.50
Tapestry <5 x 6 f t. ivas I 9.50— $ 6 50
Body Brus-sfls . 8x9 ft. was Sl".50^*-tl2.00
BofiF Brussels . 6x8 ft. was IU.50-fn.50
Tap«strj flx8 rt - was II1-W-! 8.59
Velvet CxlO ft. was I11.60-* 8.50
Tapestry....... "x8 ft. was 814.50— «ll.5O
Aimlnster./... SxlO ft. was 116.50-412.50
Axmlnsfc?r PxlO ft. was J27.60-420.00
Tapestrx 8*12 «• ™* «22.00-tl6.00
Free Deliver? tu Oakland, Alameda, Eerkeley
M. FRIEDMAN & CO.
(Incorporated)
233 235-237- Pott St. Opon ErralB£i
GOLDEN GATE
CLOAK AND SUIT HOUSE,
I 1230-1232-1234 MARKET ST.
S JACKETS, COLhuTCLBTH CAPES.
§ STERLING QUALITIES, Viz.:
§ PERFECT FIT— SUPERIOR FINISH— LOWEST PRICES.
I $5.00.
§ LATEST STYLE JACKETS, made of good quality covert
I cloth, high collar, wide re-
g f^.K\" veres, trimmed beautifully
« ' !3I*^i With Silk bra ' d> exceIlent
« £$£^*gff !u fl\ Our Price S5.OO.
$ y^^^^a BLACK, NAVY anJ TAN KER-
8 SEY JACKETS, made in the
8 am^^^^k '~~ !atest sty:e> silk lined> real
« Our Price $9.00.
1 %^^^^^v $12.50.
I T^^^f Extra Quality IMPORTED
§ -V\" I CHEVIOT JACKETS,, lined
g w ith high-grade taffeta silk,
8 elegantly tailored, verv stvlish garments, positive value
g $16.50. * /
§ Our Price $12.50.
8 CLOTH AND GOLF CAPES in great vari?tv, at less than
fi. usual market prices. SEE DISPLAY IN OUR WINDOWS.
S Astonishing values at gSH
I $3.50, $5.00, $7.50, '$10.00.
$1.50, -others. $2 and $2.50.*
S The object of this sale is not to make money, but
I to acquaint you with our new store and our modern
I money-saving business methods.
I Come early and secure the first choosing.
I T #rK< *- J ¦ iSyff *. 1 % * SA
foairket V^S:^