"DR. TICHONOFF.
•'BARON DE FRIEDERlCHa."
¦LONDOX, Nov. .15.— The Dowager Czarina, according to a dispatch to the
Daily News from. Copenhagen, has received a telegram saying that the Czar's
illness Is "not particularly serious." • :
FREDENSBOURG, Denmark, Nov. 14.— The Czarewitch. Grand Duke Mich
ael, purposes to return to Russia immediately.
T. PETERSBURG, Now 14.— The attack of influenza from which the Czar
(^^^ has been suffering has now developed symptoms of typhoid fever. The ln
"^^"S/ disposition of h!s Majesty was first announced November 2. and presented
the usual symptoms until yesterday, when his Illness assumed the charac
ter of typhoid.
Baron de Friederichs, the master of the imperial household, has Issued the fol- •
lowing bulletin:
j "His Majesty passed a good night. His general condition is satisfactory. Tem
perature 101.6, pulse 92._His head is clear and the strength of the patient is quite
satisfactory. The diagnosis shows typhoid, which for .the presnt is pursuing a
thoroughly satisfactory course. ¦ "BODY SURGEON HIRASCH,
CZAR NICHOLAS OF RUSSIA, "WHOSE ATTACK OF INFLUENZA HAS
DEVELOPED SYMTOMS OF TYPHOID FEVER, CAUSING CONCERN
AMONG COURT PHYSICIANS AND OTHER OFFICIALS. 7-
The ceremony of opening the Reichstag
occurred at neon In the Knights Hall of
the Schloss, in the presence of the Em
peror, l . v
At the conclusion of the speech from
the throne Emperor William was warmly
cheered and Count von Bulow. the Im
perial Chancellor; formally declared the
session opened.
It is announced that the German finan
cial bill submitted to the Federal Coun
cil shows that to balance It the sum of
2,240,347,301 marks will be required. The
bill empowers, the Imperial Chancellor to
raise a loan of 97.2S6.384 marks and to is
sue treasury bills to the amount of 173,
000,000 marks to strengthen the ordinary
wcrklng capital of the Imperial treasury.
A bill providing for a third supple
mentary credit on account of the China
expedition will be submitted to- the Reich
stag.
' A memorandum accompanies the bill,
explaining that the uprising in China
was at first such that its suppression
could be left to the Chinese Government,
but It assumed a form menacing to the
whole foreign community. Its object was
then clear, namely, the exclusion of the
whole foreign element by a reign of ter
ror. It added that the Chinese Govern
ment. If not unwilling, was at least in
capable of controlling the movements,
and the powers had to protect their sub-
Jecfs. the military forces of all the
powers participating to an equal degree
in the restoration of order.
To stop international military action
now would bring a fresh sacrifice of time
and the lives of peaceful inhabitants.
Nevertheless, the object of such action
was solely the restoration of tranquillity
in China. Its task did not go beyond the
suppression of open hostilities and all at
tacks on the inner life of, China not es
sentially necessary were being avoided.
The supplementary credit bill asks for
152.750,000 marks, it being assumed /that
China will eventually pay all the costs
incurred by Germany.
The I-Iberal newspapers express dis
satisfaction with the reasons adduced In
the speech from the throne for the Em
peror not obtaining the sanction of the
Reichstag before sending the Chinese ex
pedition. The Kreuze Zeitung, the organ
of the Prussian junker 'squirearchy,
while approving the speech, asserts that
the Right will not be able to support the
Government on every kind of question
during the session.
• ¦ - ¦
The speech commenced by announcing
various bills which would be introduced.
"My Minister died at the hands of an
assassin, in a courageous attempt to over
come the riling peril. The foreigners ±z
the capital saw themselves threatened,
life and limb. These thlng3 of horror
united the civilized community, whers
otherwise there was a divergence. All
nations against which the unparalleled
onslaught was directed drew closer. Their
sons fought with one mind. sh6ulder to
shoulder, even as yonder standards float
side by side. So the governments show
themselves in council, united with the
sole wish to restore an orderly state of
things as speedily as possible and after
the pu.ishment of the chief culprits avert
a recurrence in the future of such a dis
turbance of the peace of the world."
In announcing that the relations of Ger
many with all the powers are good tho
speech recalls his Majesty's sorrow at th^
assassination of Kinir Humbert of Italy,
saying he was "my ally and dear frlenV
who fell a victim to a damnable outrage."
The speech then proceeds:
"I Xrould sooner have consulted the
Reichstag on the measures in China, bui
for the necessity of prompt action an«l
the difficulty of furnishing reliable infor
mation. -WTienever the Reichstag could
form decisions or estimate the expendi
ture the Government felt confident that
the representatives would not refuse their
subsequent sanction to the necessary ex
penditure."
Turning to domestic matters his Maj
esty said that in consequence of the nat
ural growth of the revenue and the In
creased taxation voted last session, abund
ant funds were available In almost eveijr
branch of life in the empire, especially
for measures for the benefit of workers
and for the defense of the country.
Custom's tariffs, he added, would prob
ably be laid before the Bundesrath during
the present session.
BERLIN, Nov. 14.— Tho Reichstag re
assembled to-day. The speech from tha
throne dwelt at length on the events In
China which have excited deep emotion
among civilized people, saying:
"Fanatical hate and dark superstition.
Incited by unscrupulous advisers of iha
court, have driven mfsguided masses of
Chinese to acts of atrocity against tre
outposts of western civilization and Chris
tian worship dwelling peacefully in their
midst.
Lawmakers of the Fatherland Expected
.to Uphold Their Sovereign in
. His Military Expeditions.
WANTS VAST ' APPROPRIATIONS
Appeals to His Parliament
to Financially Support
His Course.
Kaiser Reviews the
Acts o! Germany
in China.
ASKS THE
REICHSTAG
FOR MONEY
Continued on Second Face. \
the late Peter Cay, the proprietor of sev
eral establishments here, is the real owner
of the diamonds seized by the United
States customs officials In New York City.
She gave them Into the hands of Senor
Prcsa for sale in the United States and
claim? she never meditated fra.ud against
the American customs regulations. The
total value of the jewels Is said to be not
over IC000 gold and they never belonged
to Emperor Maximilian or Empress Car-,
lotta. The case has excited much inter
est here.
NEW YORK, Nov. 14.-The alleged.:
Maximilian Jewels which were seized last
Monday fromm Vallno J. Presa and-Ale
jandrtno Marencci, who were charged
¦with smuggling them from Mexico, have
Yeen appraised at $0000. The original value
placed on the Jewels by the alleged smug
glers was about SoO.OCO— $40,000 for the
brooch and 110,000 for the two finger rings,'
and they were trying to dispose of them
at various diamond shops for something
like that sum.--; , • « .
They will be given a hearing to-morrow.
Value Much Less Than at First Al
leged and Owners Deny Any
Intent to Defraud.
MEXICO CITY. Nov. 14.— The widow of
JEWELS BELONGED TO
WIDOW OF PETER GAY
Captain Foster With a Detachment of
. Twenty-Five Men Starts on a
Ten Days' March.
.WICHITA, Kans., , Nov.. u:— Captain
Fred W. Foster, one of the army offlceia
in charge of the emergency ration test,
left Fort Reno to-day on a ten day*'
march in the Caddo Indian country. Ho
was in charge of a detachment of twenty
five men. They will be gone ten days.
On this march they are to test thoroughly
the meat and compound food prepared
under the direction of the War Depart
ment. ' ivv V" i J t
. It has been agreed upon by those who
made the other forced march that tfia
cakes of swe,et chocolate weie of no use
in the emergency ration. They think con
densed milk would be cf better service.
Captain Foster says the march completed
yesterday proves that the rations could
be used on long marches, but when tha
men had to fight* and march -too they
would be of little service. . He and Cap
tain.Fountain of the Eighth Cavalry will
make detailed reports to the War Dt
partment • soon.
Pension Bill; Passes.
• SYDNEY, N. S. \V. , Nov. 14-The legis
lative assembly of New South : Wales
to-day pasBed the old age pension bill
to a second reading.
WILL MAKE TEST OF
EMEEGENCY RATIONS
>: PHILADELPHIA; Nov. 14 —The Even
• ing: ; Call ; made " an . assignment to-day » for
: the: benefit, of -creditors 'and ceased pub
lication. , } ~:
Ceases Publication.
"The Government does not .contemplate
military operations in China, nor the for
mation of gendarmerie. VWe are seeking
to acquire 'a piece of territory but as a
simple settlement only, and without politi
cal Importance. ,The .acquisition will b«»
made. at Tientsin or perhaps elsewhere,
but: it: will not give .rise to military
action." • . .
gium In China:
• BRUSSELS. Nov. 14.— In, the Senate to
day the* Minister of Foreign Affairs." M. de
Favereau, ; made the following statement
with reference to the intentions of Bel-
template Military Operations.
Belgian Government Does Not' Con-
NOT SEEKING TERRITORY.
The population of :he city of Tientsin
now reaches 300,000 Chinese and the allies
are strengthening the garrison as n gainst.
a possible surprise. It is ' supposed that
one-third of the inhabitants are Boxers.
. TIENTSIN, Nov.' 14.— It is' reported that
an imperial edict has ' been' Issued an
nouncing,that Emperor Kwang Su and
the Empress Dowager will return to P3
klnjr. : .
A Russian column of 300 men with four
guns, which left her.> November 4, re
turned November 9, having engaged the
Chinese. At Hsiatin the Russians fought
2000 Chinese troops, dispersing them ' and
killing 200. The Russians had no casual
ties. ,'',
in One .Engagement
Claim to Have Killed '.Two Hundred
RUSSIANS DEFEAT. CHINESE.
> A- company of Austrian bluejackets. It Is
added; with sixteen ' German cavalrymen
recently • engaged a force of Boxers six
miles 'west of Peking and defeated them.
Three of the Boxer leaders were shot.
; VIENNA. Nov. 14. — The commander of
the Austrian squadron at Taku cables
that an Austrian detachment of troops
left Peking November 12 with an expedi
tion to the northwest, vrhich was expected
to be gone three weeks.
Three* Chinese Leaders Shot During
a Minor Battle.
Reliable information from Nluchwang
indicates a disturbed condition of affairs
there. Robbers and pirates are harassing
the region and interrupting commerce.
The Russians are making no effort to sup
press the troubles, except along, the rail
way. The, weather is becoming colder,
with nightly frosts, but the supply of fuel
is good and the troops are not suffering.
BLUEJACKETS DEFEAT BOXERS.
United States Minister Conger said he
was encouraged to believe that proposals
would be ready to be submitted to the
Chinese '. plenipotentiaries at an 'earlier
da } than he had heretofore hoped. The
Ministers will meet again to-morrow.
PEKING. Nov. 12, via Shanghai. Nov.
14.— A protected conference of the foreign
Ministers was held j to-day, at the con
clusion of which' there was a general ex
pression of gratification at the progress
made toward reaching a settlement. It
was stated that most of the minor points
had been disposed of and that an agree
ment, had been reached upon several es
sential questions.-; The meeting disclosed
fewer difficulties over important points
than was expected, which is largely due
to the fact that the Ministers have re
ceived definite Instructions from their
home Governments.
Than They Expected.
Deciding Upon Certain Points Sooner
MINISTERS ; MAKE PROGRESS.
IT ONDON, Nov. 14.-^Commandant Gcn-
JL-eral Botha, according to a dispatch to
the Daily Mail from Pretoria, has sent
to Lord Roberts a statement of the term*
on which he will surrender.
"The Portuguese Government." says the
Lisbon correspondent of the Dally, Mall,
"has cabled depriving Herr Potts. Trans
vaal Consul at Lourenzo Marques, of hl3
exequatur."
. "We understand," says the Dally News,
"that Lord Roberts has intimated that it
is impossible to withdraw more troops
from South Africa."
Notwithstanding This, Report,
Lord Roberts Intimates That
All His Troops Are
Yet Needed. •
BOTHA SAID
TO BE READY
TO SURRENDER
WASHINGTON, Nov. 14.-The Navy
Department has received a dispatch
from Annapolis, saying that the
torpedo-boat Stockton has gone ashore on
Horn '.Point* Shoals. She struck at 9
o'clock on Tuesday night. There is small
chance of getting her off until the wind
changes.. The Stockton is one of the new
torpedo-boats and was about to have her
trial trip, the Board of Inspectors, being
on her. »
Mishap to a New Addition to
. -the Navu When About to
•.; Enter Upon a Trial
Trip. - .
TORPEDO BOAT
STOCKTON RUNS
ON THE SHOALS
1TT> IRMINGHAM. Ala., Nov. 14.— At the
lD) sessions of the rival factions of the
Knights of Labor to-day routine
business was transacted and strong reso
lutions were adopted. The Parsons con
vention in its resolutions denounced Si
mon Burns of Pittsburgh a member of the
executive board of the Hayes faction, for
advising non-union men to take the places
of men who were on strike; removed the
disabilities placed on former General Mas
ter Workman Powderly by the Hayes fac
tion, and Indorsed the action of the gen
eral officers elected by. the Boston conven
tion in their efforts to . secure control of
the property of the organization.
The Hayes convention adopted a reso
lution condemning the ; industrial commis
sion, denouncing ' contract -labor . and the
convict system in the South!; and protest
ing against any. Increase in' the standing
army of the United States. ' N
Followers of Haues . Adopt a
Resolution Condemning
thp Industrial
Commission.
FACTIONS OF
LABOR KNIGHTS
IN CONVENTION
VIENNA. Nov. 14.— A remarkable trial
for murder has just been concluded at
Pizk, Bohemia, after lasting two
years and being the center of a bitter con
flict between the anti-Semite party and
the Jews. . Leopold Hilsner, a Jew, who in
1S9S was charged with the murder—imme
diately before the Jewish passover — of a
young- peasant. girl, whom it was alleged
he waylaid in a lonely forest on the road
from Kuttenberg to Prague, was found
guilty to-day of being an accomplice In
tne crime.'- and was condemned to death
by. hanging. . ¦ l'.'V- *
"The jury by the terms of. the verdict
declared that the killing was not a ritual
murder. ' ' '"' '.?'¦:¦'¦
Bitter Conflict Lasts for Two
Years Between Jews and
the Anti-Semites In
Bohemia.
CONVICTED OF
MURDER AFTER
A LONG TRIAL
The customs service at Manila has
assumed gigantic proportions under Amer
ican administration. For the six months
ending last July its receipts were J7.000.000,
a sum without precedent in the history
of the city. Over this vast bulk of busi
ness General Smith will be given execu
tive control, which means that he will
have one of the most important posts In
tho government of the Philippines.
General Smith has won the confidence of
the administration. To his ability is at
tributed the fact that the Island of Negros
has "been pacified and is now enjoying a
civil government of its own. General
Smith is admitted by the authorities at
Washington to possess marked executive
ability and it is for this reason that he
has been promoted to the distinguished
office at Manila. In June next his com
mission as brigadier general of volun
teers will .expire. He will retain this mill
tary dignity until then, when he will re
turn to purely civil life as the chief exec
utive officer of customs at Manila. He
will probably be succeeded in the civil
government of Negrcs by Colonel Minor.
dent McKinley declared that he would
appoint the Californlan to the position.
ANOTHER San Franciscan has
been honored by President Me-
Kinley. Information has been re
ceived in this city that Brigadier
General James F. Smith has been
appointed Collector of Customs at Manila.
The position is perhaps the most Import
ant civil one in the new possessions of
the United States and it Is particularly
gratifying that a San Franciscan had
been selected to fill it. The official an
nouncement of General Smith's appoint
ment has not yet been made from "Wash
ington and will not be until he has re
ceived notification and has been given op
portunity to accept.
That he will undertake the duties of
this important position there is no ques
tion. Friends who have been in communi
cation with him give assurance that he
will accept. A prominent army ofSeer,
who is now in the city, had the. pleasure
of being consulted recently by President
McKinley in reference to the selection of
the successor of Colonel Spurgeon, who is
now Collector of Customs at Manila, but
who has asked to be relieved because of
illness. The name of General Smith was
presented at this consultation and Presi-
GENERAL JAMES F. SMITH OF THIS CITY, WHO HAS BEEN AP
POINTED TO THE IMPORTANT POST OF COLLECTOR OF CUSTOMS
AT MANILA.
Secretary of Legation Von Bulow, deal
f.\K with the disturbances at Peking from
Junr 12 to June 30. says that with the ap
pointment of Prince Tuan to the Presi
dency of the Tsung 11 Yaraen, notlflcatlon
The Foreign Office publishes reports
from the German Legation at Peking, dat
ed from May 31 to August 2i. .The late
Baron von Ketteler's dispatches described
exhaustively the progress of the Boxer
movement, demonstrating the guilt of the
Chinese Government. ¦ '¦<¦ •-
' The former Chinese garrison of Peking
is now between Huaihai and Ksuenhua.
lifty-tv.o and eighty-nine miles respective
ly northwest of Peking. On this account
and also because of a request from Bishop
Kavier for protection for Catholics threat
ened In that district, an expedition hao
been sent- under Count von Wartenberg.
consisting or the First Battalion.' First
Regiment, Colonel Jaeger commanding; a
company of the second squadron, a train
of mounted artillery. « company of Aus
trian*, a battalion of j alians and a moun
tain battery."
The War Office has received the follow
ing dispatch from Count von Waldersec,
dated Peking, November 11:
"».e are informed that the Kaiser is in
dignant over the letters from soldiers In
China showing German atrocities there,
and has ordered an immediate investiga
tion. An army order of this character I.
in preparation. It Is incomprehensible,
however, that such letters should cause
displeasure in army circles, since thev
only show that the soldiers correctly exe
cute the orders given by their superiors."
BERLIN. Nov. 14.— The Frankfurter
Zeitung prints a dispatch from China say
ing that discord prevails in Peking be
tween the military and the diplomats, and
that the latter are also at loggerheads
among themselves. The Voerwaerts, the
Socialist organ, says:
Not Working in Harmony.
Military Forces and Diplomats Arc
DISCOHD PREVAILS AT PEKING.
The authorities are especially hopeful
that the Ministers will present a list of
high officials so large that me Chinese
Government, which they control, will de
cline to punish any. The President is anx
ious t hiit only such demands including
punishment* and indemnity shall be maue
that can be complied with by the imperial
Government, otherwise there will be a re
newal of the outbreaks on a much larger
and probably mere organized stale. The
Chinese- people are already very indignant
over the military expedition! which Count
von \Valders<.-e is sending into the interior,
and their Government has protested
against su<_-h attion, but without avail.
In answering the French proposition
Secretary Hay ?aid: "The Government of
the United States is unable to make any
permanent engagement of this character
without authorization of the legislative
branch." and concerning military occupa
tion of two or three points on the road to
Peking he remarked that "the President
Is unable to commit the United States to
permanent participation in such occupa
tion."
Secretary Hay stated regarding the raz
ing of the Taku forts that the President
reserved his opinion pending the receipt of
further information. It is thought that
the administration even now does- not
favor raxing me forts, but agrees to it
only to prevent further delay. Some reason
ha? probably caused its adhesion to the
plan of keeping permanent guards In Chi
r.a, although this would seem to pledge
the Government to permanent occupation.
CALL BUREAU, WELLINGTON HO
TEL. WASHINGTON, Nov. 14.— In order
to hasten a settlement through negotia
tions In regress in Peking, this Govern
ment ha? yielded to the desires of a ma
jority of the powers on several important
points. Minister Conger has cabled at fre
quent intervals recently relative to propo
sitions submitted to him by his colleagues.
lie has been acquainted with the views of
this Government thereon, but at the same
time has been told that much Is left to his
discretion, and that the President is espe
cially anxious for a speedy settlement. In
view of the authority thus given him Mr.
Conger has pledged the United States to
laze the Taku forts, to maintain per
manent legation guards and also guards
of communication between Peking and the
pea. This action' is understood to be ap
proved by the President, although some
what in conflict with the reply of the
United States in its memorandum of Octo
ber 30 to the French propositions.
Special I>5*patch to The Call.
Unless Additional Demands An
More Reasonable There Is Danger
of Fresh Outbreaks.
CONCESSIONS TO PREVENT DELAY
Pledges Through Conger
to Raze Ports and Keep
Permanent Guard.
America Yields Two
Points in China
Settlement.
MAY MEAN
PERMANENT
OCCUPATION
Perez and Manuelo Ygleslaa came to Los
Angeles a year: ago and opened an office,
devoted almost exclusively to hermlnology
and the cure of : diseases by means of
herbs, at Seventh and Spring ¦ streets.
They did an extensive business and ad
vertised largely. While, Perez was away
Yglesias was arrested for practicing med
icine without a license and . fined $100.
When Perez returned he met with similar
punishment; Then the partners had a
falling out over the division of the spoils
and severed their relations. . Manuelo
Yglesias married the daughter of Police"
Detective Talamantes about five weeks
ago. and it was his purpose to remove to
Oakland soon. In furtherance of this plan
Yglesias sent his father-in-law, who had
secured leave of absence, and. ex-Deputy
Constable Mugnemi. his . interpreter,, to
the Athens of the Pacific to prepare him a
dwelling place there. . ¦;;.
They had been gone for some, time, but
Ygleslas : still tarried here. Mugnemi tel
egraphed two i days ago, that .Talamantes
was on the' way: home to learn the cause
of all the delay. He added a pathetic
postscript. to his dispatch In the following
words: /-:..' ' . ..
"Wire us money, as , we have not " got
enough left to eat on." ". ' . - : ,
At • a late hour to-night the 'physicians'
at the California Hospital said there was
very little: hope of Perez's recovery. As
sistant District -Attorney Johnstone Jones
: and a stenographer - made 'an ? attempt to
obtain an /ante-mbrtemi statement' from
Perez; but his condition ,was_ such. that ho
: clear'explanation,of the shooting and the
causes that led up to It could.be obtained.-
. Two men who had Just corns out of a
"barbers' college" near by. had narrow
escapes from being wounded or killed.
The bullet which plowed- Perez's back
went through the coatsleeve of one • of
them, and the other apprentice barber had
the lapel of his coat punctured.
In his back was put there by Manuelo for
presuming to ask what the trouble was
about. ....
The Ygleslas made a claim this evening
that Perez and Ruiz were intoxicated and
aggressive. On the other hand disinter
ested witnesses were of the opinion that
the Yglesias cousins were the ones who
had been drinking. The dispute which
ensued upon the meeting was all in the
Spanish language and no one seemed to
be able to state to-night what it was
about. Some were of the opinion that
Perez struck Manuelo a blow in response
to a vile epithet and that the latter then
drew his pistol and began firing. Perez
also drew his revolver, but fired only one
shot,- which merely damaged- Manuelo's
coat, whereas the five ; chambers of Man
uelo's gun were discharged before the bat
tle'was ended. -Ruiz claims that the hole
the back, which presented no dangerous
symptoms. His Injury was dressed and
he was allowed to go to his home at 664
San Fernando street. .The condition of
Perez was considered very grave by the
police surgeon, who ordered him sent at
once to the California Hospital.
A cursory examination at the hospital
showed that Perez had been shot through
the left lung once and twice through the
right hand. Ruiz had a flesh wound In
LOS AXGELES, Nov. 14.— Trouble over
money matters, which resulted In a bit
ter feud of several weeks* standing, cul
minated this afternoon in a street shoot
ing affray. The principals were Manuelo
Ygleslas, who was accompanied by his
cousin, Genaro Yglesias, on the one side,
and Benjamin Perez and Antonio Ruiz
on the other. Perez now lies at the Cali
fornia Hospital with a mortal bullet
wound in his left lung, while the Ygleslas
cousins are confined in the City Prison
and will more than likely be compelled to"
answer to a charge of murder. Ruiz was
also a victim of Ygleslas' revolver, but
he received only a superficial flesh wound
in the neck.
The trouble occurred at 5 o'clock In
the afternoon. Perez and Ruiz were walk-
Ing arm in arm north on the west side
of Main street. Just as they reached
the Hoffman Block, opposite Arcadia
street, they were confronted by Manuelo
and Genaro P. Yglesias, who are cousins.
In front of Kaspare Cohn's an altercation
took place which soon became very
heated. The four~men entered the door
way of Cohn's office and almost imme
diately* a pistol shot rang out.. It was
closely followed by flve"6ther8.
Policeman Dltewig,- .who; ,vas i passing
by, ran to the scene, and; placed Manuelo
Ygleslas' under .arrest. : V He was \stlll
holding In his hand the smoking pistol
with which he had done such effective
work, as the bleeding form of Perez,* ly
ing in the doorway of the office proved.
Genaro Ygleslas was walking away when
Deputy Constable "William Appel seized
him and placed him under arrest as an
accessory. Patrolman Cicotte, the of
ficer on the beat, arriving in time to sum
mon the patrol wagon. In which Perez
and Rluz were conveyed to the Receiving
Hospital.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Shooting Aflray the Result of a Quar
rel Over Money Matters by Two
Men Formerly Partners.
BYSTANDERS HAVE, CLOSE CALL
One Principal Mortally and
His Friend Seriously
Wounded.
Rain of Bullets on
a Street of Los
Angeles.
RIVAL HERB
DOCTORS IN
FATAL DUEL
VOLUME LXXXVUI— NO. 168.
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
SAN FRANCISCO, THURSDAY,: NOVEMBER 15,C 1900.
CZAR NICHOLAS SUFFERS
FROM ATTACK OF TYPHOID
SAN FRANCISCAN HONORED
BY PRESIDENT MeKINLEY
The San Francisco CallPORT -..TOWNSEND, Nov. 14 — The
steamship- Topeka, after a. tempestuous
vt-yage from Alaska,'. arrived this even-
Ing, two days late, bringing ISO passen
gers, most of whom were from the west
coast of Alaska. When boarded by United
States quarantine officers M. . H Foster
a steerage passenger, showed symptoms
of smallpox and the vessel will be de
tained in the. stream until to-morrow
Eeventy-eight first-class passengers ,who
had not come in contact with. the suspect
were transferred to the steamer Prosper
and allowed to continue to' Seattle
United States Quarantine Officer Fos
ter received word to-day from the Wil
lmmsnead Bay, B. C, quarantine station
that two new cases . of smallpox had
broken out among the remaining passen
gers and crew of the steamer City of
Seattle. ' *.•>.•-.'
Advices from the Falkland Islands state
that Captain Courtney and crew of the
ship. B. . B.-,, Blanchard, bound - . for San
Francisco, which burned at sea,, had ar
rived at Stanley. September 18.. - '.
- - -. » ; -.' - ' - -.
Vessel With Passengers Prom Alaska
; V Detained at Port Town- \ ! ". . M ,
SMALLPOX SUSPECT ON
THE STEAMEB TOPEKA*
SAN RAFAEL, Nov. 14.— The i Trustees
of the recently Incorporated , town of Mill
Valley .lasfnight passed a high, licence
liquor ordinance, providing for. the taxing
of saloons at 1900. a year.. -This, with the
county and State tax, will bring the sa
loon t&x up to flOOO a year. 'All;the;sa
loons In the town .will close," but It u
feared; thtjy* will be" re-established on the
outskirts of rthe town., where they will b<s
beyond Its - police regulations.
'¦' ¦ ¦ ¦¦ ": '— « —"¦'¦' -. '¦'
Freight Conductor Killed. :
, SEATTLE,, Nov. 14.— Michael Keenan,
conductor f on -. the Seattle and » Northern
Railway, . was - Instantly ' killed this morn
ljig by. falling' between . freight cars . while
switching at Sedro-Woolley. The back of
his Bkuli was crushed. He was about 35
years of. age. -.-•;-• ~ : .;...-
S TACOMA, Nov!'l4.— The hull of one of
the fastest steamers ever oullt on Puget
Sound was launched to-day from 1 the ship
yards of the Bclllngham Bay Improve
ment Company' in Whatcom. The vessel
will-be' known as the'General Frisble,- and
is being built for. the Monticello Steamship
Company. (Hath, Bros.), of San Francisco.
It is lntendedVIor excursions, will have no
berths, and will be 4 equipped, .with 1200
horsepower engines, which are expected to
drive her through the water at the rate of
twenty knots an hour. v ( ,
The General Frlsbie Is 170 feet over all,
160 feet keel, 25^> feet beam. 13 feet hold
and is intended to carry about 800 passen
gers. She will be towed to San Francisco
Before her engines; are Installed. She will
cost- complete about .' $75,000, and will be
operated, It la supposed, on San Francisco
Btfy;. '. -.¦•«>:-•-.;¦: ¦-¦¦ .;.¦•_' -•¦/,"¦¦/ -..''.- ''
Mill Valley Saloons to Close.
Launching of the, Excursion Vessel
General 'i Friable From the
• Whatcom Shipyard
v . . Docks.
• ' ~ — ~*~- — ~~ ¦ ¦
Special Dispatch to The Call.
BIG STEAMER TO PLY
SAN FRANCISCO BAY
WASHINGTON, , Nov. 14 — The popula
tion of the State of Ohio as officially-an
nounced to-day is 4.157.544. against 3.C72.316
In 1890. These figures show an Increase
since 1890 of 485,229. or 13.2 per cent. ' The
population In 1SS0 was 3.198,062. showing an
Increase of 474,254, or 14.8 per cent, from
1880 to 1S90. . . -
Population of Ohio.
WASHINGT.ON. Nov. 14.— Rear Admiral
Van Reypen, surgeon general of the navy,
has received a report concerning , the
wounding of Captain Myers, the ranking
marine "officer at Peking./ The wound
proves to have been most novel, heinp
made by a Chinese spear, and is one of
the few wounds from such a weapon that
American surgeons have been called upon
to treat. It also evidences the close quar
ters at which the American cbmmandur
at Peking was engaged with the Chinese
spearmen. The wound has healed to^ome
extent and Captain Myers is convalescent,
although It has been deemed advisable to
remove him to the naval hospital at Yo
kohama. * .
American Commander at Peking
Was Engaged.
Evidence of Close Quarters at Which
MYEES' WOUND WAS
CAUSED BY A SPEAR
WASHINGTON; Nov.- 14.—Surgeon Gen
eral £ St ernberg . has ' prepared .. statistics
making : a -comparison' of cases -of 'suicides
and homicides., which, occurred ¦-, in the
army 4 du'ring'the years 1898 and i839, u com
pared with the ten years between 18S8 and
1897. - It shows that there were relatively
fewer homicides during these two 'years
than* during the-, previous' decade." "The
average number of. suicides per<year.ln an
army of 27,116 for the ten years was 17.
The ratio per 1000 was .63 per cent.- The
strength of the . army -In. 1898 la given at
147.7&5, the average number of sucldes 38
and the . percentage per' 1000 .26. C The
strength of the army' In 1899 Is given 1 at
r 10G,EV46 and the number of suicides at SO,
re tlo per 1000 .28 per cent.
Durfnr the ten- years from 1888 to-' 189?
the homicides are given at 5.5 per, cent
and the ratio per 1000 .20 per cent. : For
1898 the number of homicides is 19 and' the
ratio per 1000 .13 per cent: for 1889 the num
ber of homicides is 23 and the ratio per
1000 .22 per cent.
Interesting. Statistics Prepared hy
" Surge on -General Sternberg and
. y "' r "Comparisons Made." :
SUICIDES IN.T THE .' .
J. ,Vit, ON [tHEV DECREASE
The three desperate men who "several
nights ago robbed Charles Meyers, the
bartender in the Mission Turn . Verein
Hall, after choking and binding him, en
tered Fred Siefert's saloon on Berry
street, between Third ¦ and Fourth,
shortly. after 7 o'clock last evening, and
covering him with revolvers, relieved him
of $7 and a silver watch. The men wore
masks.
They entered the saloon from the rear
and after advising Siefert to throw up his
hands directed him to come from behind
the bar. While two of the robbers held
their pistols In dangerous proximity to
Siefert? s head, the third stepped behind
and searched hl8 pockets, faking the
watch and ¦ money. They then left the
saloon after threatening to riddle Sief
ert with bullets If he dared .to make an
outcry. '. . . ' .
Siefert describes two of the 'men as be
ing rather tall and roughly dressed. The
third, he says, was about medium height
and stocky built. They wore white
handkerchiefs, which completely hid their
faces. .
"From his description of the robbers
the police are satisfied that they are the
men that held up Meyers.
The police".. were unable toobtaln a clew
that ' would' lead ' to the capture of the
robbers. * , .
Daring Robbfery of a Saloon
Kept by Fred Siefert on
MASKED MEN HOLD
UP A BARKEEPER
MINNEAPOLIS, Nov. 14.-jThe National
Council of Women devoted the morning
session : to a discussion of the council's
work and how best to co-operate with the
work of i other organizations.* Rev. Anna
G. Spencer of Providence, R. I. the re
cording secretary,' submitted a plan for a
complete reorganization of the standing
committees, under department or cabinet
heads.
¦"-.--¦.¦ ¦ . -, :
WASHINGTON. Nov. 14.-Mr. Russell,
United States Charge d'Affalres at Cara
cas, reports that the earthquake In Co
lombia last- month was much more se
vere than at first represented. The people
deserted their houses and s!ept In the
streets and between 12,000 and 15.C00 build
ings were destroyed or damaged.
• V
National Council of-Women.
Thousands of Buiidings Destroyed In
Colombia and People Deserted
Their Homes.
Forced to Abandon Their Vessel and
Were Without. Food fop
Many Hours.
NEW YORK, Nov. U-Captaln Ira Col
?hrL and ?'iS? cl L ew ot eI *ht raen of the
A^fr™^ 8^ schooner Maplewood. from
MoblleOctoberlSJortlila port with luS
ber, were landed here to-day by the
schooner Viola Reppard. their vesS hav
ing been abandoned, a complete wreck, on
Q h ,t,* nortl i? rn *$?* ot the Gulf stream.
SU.n i* Nov ?!" ber V- The MaplewoodMi
men were without food or water from
F/ lda , y roo" 11 "* u n«l Sunday night. They
saved nothing. \
EARTHQUAKE SEVERER
THAN FIRST REPORTED
SUFFERINGS OF CREW OF
SCHOONER MAPLEWOOD
Disappears During Confusion • of
Transfer and Nothing Has Been
Heard of Him.
NEW YORK, Nov. 14.-In connection
with the report from Washington about a
mystery at the barge office in this city.
hlnT2fl f A m , urder ot an immigrant i&
hinted at, the immigtation officials here
M° n "» ay »,f a^ e *K ut tne lo »owing informa
tion, which, they say, is the only mystery
of which they have any knowledge-
Some time last May Isldoro Tormlnl,
an Italian immigrant. 72 years old. came
in on the steamer California. The medical
staff reported that he was senile and "aid
he should be examined. He was en route
to his son, Calegro. at 138 Canal street
Buffalo. Pending his examination he wta
vnuFrZiZ 0 ** ete " tlon DO£ " which lay at
Ellis Island. In the crowding and ejcclto
f" 1 transferring of immigrants to
other boats the old man was lost •
t^'X # ?S rd i ele sraphed his son. asking
if the father had reached Buffalo That
W f a M th ? «f s S know , led^ that the son had
of his father's landing and loss."
t>£ Om - mls !l° ner FJtchk said later to-day
that the theory that the Immigrant ; wla
murdered is unlikely. The ConfSlMlc^er
ln< * ulrIes sent to WaalSnSton
about the ca 8 e were promptly answered
AGED ITALIA^ IS
LOST ATBAROE OFFICE
per cent of all the people are illiterate.
There are no public school buildings and
no public colleges or universities.
t . _ • "¦¦ ¦',.'-'- V. •>
of which was given June 10 to the foreign
Ministers, the Chinese Government "let
fall the mask." He adds that it was equi
valent to a declaration of war. A drago
man of the German legation, in these re
ports, relates the murder of -Baron von
Ketteler. He says it was a cerefully
planned act-qf vengeance upon the. part, of
certain high representatives of the Chin
es* Government whom Von Ketteler had
repeatedly accused, even to their facee,
of "double dealing. *' '' .¦•••>¦.
THBEATEN TO RUIN RUSSIA.
St. Petersburg Papers Take an Alarm -
ing View of Chinese Troubles.
ST. PETERSBURG, Nov. 14.— The Ros
siya hag made the original discovery that
the Chinese troubles "threaten to ruin the
RusFian empire." If the \ powers, it is
added, continue their present policy China
will be ur.able to pay a money Indemnity
and. consequently, the powers will de
mand and secure mining, railroad and
commercial concessions, which will result
in the division of China -into spheres of in
fluence and ultimatelv Into the partition
of China, in spite of the assurances of the
powers to the contrary. The Chinese, It
is further asserted, indignant, will emi
grate to Siberia and the "yellow horde"
will again "precipitate itself toward Eu
ropean Russia, which will sink to the po
sition of a second rank power. The other
powers probably will be satisfied with this
eventuality, their Interests being ¦ solely
commercial." - -i 8 ; r. « ' "< '.
The Novoe Vremya finds'- the situation
worse and says the powers must^ect inde
pendently. Henceforth,- it asserts,' each
power must bear 4b* Tesponfeibilty «f l»3
own army. The paper .adds: ''While, the
Ministers were In danger tne're was "some'
excuse for aC -commander ' In chief, but
efter Russia freed Tientsin arid planted
the first flag, on the walls , of Peking she
wisely withdrew a majority of her 'troops
from Count von 'WAldereee's .' command}
The other .powerR/should closely ; defiie
Von Waldersee's function*.**" ' -¦-¦¦•¦
Continuing the Japanese-Russian discus^
eion. the >"ovoe 'Vrtemjr* 8ay.se r. <• ¦ •
"The. English Journals, In*. the. Japanese
ports are convinced the^ Japanese ' can
easilr-vanquish the 'Russians.* However,
the English Jjackdown in-theicase*jof Port
Arthur., has opened Japanese eyes. The
present campaign gave the 'armies t)f>th»
two "powers -ah -opportunity %o learn', and
esteem each other. ,.. ..•'./. : .
Several of the papers take their rcue
f rom the Tsovoe'Vrfcmya'ana follow up its
argument }n the isame ctroln.- . «. . -
COBONADO .BELLE /yfisDS . '*'..
¦ » :. A BAXTTMOREr BROKER
Graine . Turnbull .. .and] JHss~ Helen
Healy I4nk Their Fortunes'*' "
',".. • . for Life/ ¦;.'. : '' "'A.
BA?i DIEGO, _N9y..--I4,— T^ie marriage. of
Grarae Turn bull, a prominent banker .and
broker of Baltlmor?,^lo Mlss;HeIen Healy,'
a belle of Corona/So ijekch. '^to-night was
one of the society everits of 'the 'season* In
San Diego and Coronado circles/' The cer
tmonjr took place at Christ Church; Coro
nado, at 8:30 o'clock, the officiating cler
ryrriari being the Rev. Charles K. SpaM
ing-, assisted by the Itev. K. B; Cousin'
The cnurch wag elaborAtely. decorated and
the Invited guests filled the building to
the doors. The maid of honor was Misa
Mary Healy, sister of the bride, and the
bridespi&ids were Misses Fannie and
Helen, Lockett and Bvelyn anij Chubbms
Healy." The best man was John \V. Gar
rett of Baltimore. The bride was given
away • by her father. •
Af ter the ceremony a reception was ten
o>r*d-*at the home of the bride's parents
several hundred friends calling, at the res
idence.. To-morrow morning Mr. and Mrs.
Tumfctill will leave for the northern part
of thp State for a week's trip and will
return to Coronado before proceeding to
their /iew home In Baltimore.
The bride is the daughter of J: C. Healy
an attorney of Cincinnati. The members
cf the family other than Mr. Healy have
been *making their home In Coronado
Beach for several years past, and during
thatvtjme Miss Healy has become a so
cial .favorite. She has taken an active
interest In outdoor sports. ; ¦ • '
DESIRE REORGANIZATION
* OF CONSULAB SEEVICE
Resolutions Adopted by the Execu-
live Committee of the National
• j Business Men's League.
CHipAGO. Nov. 14.— Resolutions were
adopted to-day by the executive commit
tee of the National. Business Men's League
asking President McKlnley to' urge In his
next message to Congress early legisla
tion, favorable to pending- bills establish
ing tfie'Department of Commerce and In
dustries and . > the - reoTganlzattoU- ofr the
cocsular' service. : . -• . - ¦.-
WASHINGTON. Nov. 14.-The • thirty
fourth annual session of theT National
Grange. Patrons ef Husbandry, began
here to-day with a good attendance and
will continue for a week or more. The
chief feature of interest to-day was the
annual address of Worthy Master Aaron
Jones of Indiana, who said that in most
of the States the order had enjoyed great
prosperity during the year. In a few
States it has not succeeded eo well. The
members of the Grange, while- affiliating
with each of the political parties in the
last campaign, had emerged lrom ite bat
tles without disturbing the fraternal spirit
actuating the order.
Never had the conditions been more
favorable for the extension of the order
than now. While agricultural conditions
are somewhat improved over what thev
?£™. a 'ew years ago, they are not what
they should be. said Mr. Jones The
prices of articles farmers buy, he said, are
too high compared with those of what
they^ad to sell, and such remedial action
should be had as would cause an equitable
adjustment of prices in all the leading
t pl £ s - v"? urg , ed 0 PP os ltlon to the ship
fn£ 8l & Ul ai tf Sp ? kQ of the growth of
industrial comblnatiqn "until the entire
country is Justly alarmed." He urged an
amendment to the constitution, clear and
expressive in its terms, empowering Con
gress with the right and authority to reg
ulate corporations. The interstate com
m . er0 £ i aWl the erand master argued
Should be amended so that all sections of
the country could secure fair and equi
table freight rates. This being secured
the hardest blow that at this, time, could
be struck to monopolies and trusts and
the greatest encouragements to. enter
prise and thrift .would be given. * ellle f
report of the secretary, Dr, John
Trimble of Washington, showed that 182
new granges^ had been chartered during
?M?Su t u 1 &. < S2S fc SSr . numberin e -el
Patrons; of Husbandry in
-.vvAnnual / Session-/ at '¦',.,
Washington. '
CONVENTION OF
NATIONAL GRANGE
OMAHA, Neb.. Nov. 14.— The report of
the result of the conference of the. Great
Northern and Union Pacific officials at
St. Paul last week is denied at the Union
Pacinc headquarters to-day. It was re
ported at the time that the Union Pacific
and the Great Northern had made a close
tie-up from St. Paul by way of the newly
acquired Wllmar and Northern line of the
Great Northern Into Sioux City, thence
over the Omaha to the. Union Pacinc,
either down to Omaha or to the nearest
meeting point, at Norfolk.
The facts, equally important, have been
given out here. On the north Pacinc
Coast the' Great Northern gets into the
whole country north of the Columbia Riv
er. On the other hand, the Oregon Rail
• way and Navigation Company, now a
.Union Pacinc line, gets into the country
south -of ¦: the*- Columbia, with an equal
.amount of mileage and energy. It is now
proposed to make a close traffic agree
ment between the two lines from Spokane
west.. thus giving the .Union Pacific ac
cess to almost the' whole State of Wash
•lngton'ori as good' terms' for the purposes
desired as the <Jreat Northern, while in
-return it gives an equal privilege to the
. Great Northern in Oregon., -';
"•-.ThfB'was the proposition discussed and
Informally agreed, upon.. -It, is now await
ing confirmation, i-,. : .•'-? i * .
Division of Great Northern
; and Union Pacific Traffic
Arranged.
AGREEMENT OF
RAILWAY MEN
Continued from First Page.
MAY MEAN PERMANENT
OCCUPATION OF CHINA
YOKOHAMA, Nov. 2. via Victoria, B. C. Nov; 14.— The chief sensation of
the week' has been the attack by a lunatic upon the carriage of the Em
press as the latter was being escorted throuph the streets of Tokio. The
incident was notable obly from the extraordinary character of the weapons
used and also the additional evidence it furnished, if anything were needed,
to testify to the great reverence "and affection in which her Majesty is held by the'
people. Mere rumor of the attack before the actual facts were known caused' a
tremendous amount of excitement in the city, out of all proportion to the import
ance of the affair itself. " : -
The crazy assailant, having brooded over his lowly birth until he hadimaglned
himself of the imperial" lineage, had applied in Vain at the Imperial household de
partmen^to have his cla.m recognized. He determined to attract public attention
in some way. which he succeeded In doing in the most effective way by throwing
his purse and then_ his wooden clogs at the passing procession.
THE EMPRESS OF JAPAN, WHO WAS BOMBARDED WITH PURSE
AND WOODEN CLOGS THROWN BY A LUNATIC WHILE BEING
ESCORTED THROUGH THE STREETS OF TOKIO. . . , . ..
The following* Californ' ns are . in New
York: . San v Francisco— F. J. Carter, at
Herald Square 1 :. J. A. Donohuc. at Hol
land; J. W. Dorsey. at Hoffman; H. Mac-
Auly. at Morton ;-- P. S. Casey, at Astor;
•F. Day, at Bay .State; J. t*. Donohue, at
Marlborough; A. -Hall and w..e, at Impe
rial; J. Hanover, at Bay State; N. It.
Pierce, at Grand Union; R. J. Ralston, at
St.. Cloud. From Los Angeles— W. Cog3-,
well, at Grand Union; C. E. Handy, at
¦ Holland; C.-.B. Boothe, at Murray Hill.
Vice Chancellor Stevens of Newark.'
N. "J., Will on November 21' hear an action
in chancery involving title to contracts
with the Turkish .Government said to be
valued at over $506,000, which has been In
stituted by the International Emery and
Corundum Company- The company has
applied to the court for an order directing
the National Abrosive Company to assign
to It the contracts In question. The suit
is' brought in New Jersey because, both
are 'organized Under" its laws. The con
tracts, it "is claimed, were originally se
cured from the Turkish Government by
William F. and Alton H. Kimball of Tif.
fin. Ohio. The International Company ob
tained an option. on an assignment of
them. This option, the present defendant
claims, expired through failure of the
complaining company, allowing the option
to lapse. .._,-..
Calif ornians in NeV York. .
-The. following changes were made to
day in the board of directors of the Atch
ison, Topeka and Santa Fe Railroad:
Howell Jones of Topekn. In place of C. K.
Holliday, deceased; John G.< McCullough
of New York, in place of Edward N.
Gibbs, deceased; Byron L. Smith of Chi
cago, In place of, William Rotch. resigned.
The board made a minute expressing ap
preciation of the character and services
of its' late director, Edward N. Gibbs.
Steamer Almo Arrives.
The-'Mallory line steamer Almo, which
has been-. at Chester, Pa,, since September
17. undergoing repairs of the damage pus
tained in the hurricane which de% r astated
Golveston September 8 and 9, arrived in
port to-jday to resume' her route. l> ' '"''>>¦'
Submarine \Torpedo , Boats. ;': ; "^, -,'" •
The Electric Boat Company of Manhat
tan >ha* i contracted .with a,* New j Suffolk
(L.I.) ,urm for asitefor.a basin' for .the
purpose of establishing a permanent test-'
ing plant at the place. , The company con
trols the torpedo boat Holland.., A break
water and basin will be built and half an
acre' of new land will be obtained by
throwing up back of the breakwater the
sand^from the bay bottom. A frame ma
chine shop 20 by 50 feet and a larger en
gine.-house will 'be. .erected. About .fifty
men. wJll be employed during the coming
season. ,It is stated next year six boats
of substantially the same 'pattern as the
Holland will be built and there will be ex
periments of. various .kinds in Peconic
Bay.' ; *
Turkish Contracts Involved.
The latest' story In connection with the
Pacific Mail' is that the Occidental and
Oriental and the Japanese steamship com
panies are, to have' some sort of a work
ing agreement, and it is also reported that
the -Union Pacific will have an interest
with the Southern Pacific in the Pacific
Mail. Both these stories were denied. The
latter is altogether unlikely in view of the
prompt way in which the Speyer interests
frustrated the plan of the Harrlman syn
dicate to get control of- the steamship
company.
The Evening- Post to-day reports' that
the executives of the Grand Trunk Rail
way arc likely to soon formally announce
the selection of General Superintendent F.
H. MeGuigan as general manager of the
Grand Trunk: He has been the chief sub
ordinate of Mr.-Hays In theoperating de
partment" during- the latter's administra
tion of the Grand Trunk and wa3 for
merly on the Wabash, when Mr. Hays
was general" manager' of that road,
and went to the Grand Trunk a month
after bis chief had enterd" tho service" of
that company. ::. •:
Daly. and Villard Funerals.
The funeral of the late- Marcus Daly of
Montana will take place to-morrow morn
ing at 11:45 from St. Patrick's Cathedral.
The family and a. few of the most inti
n-ate Irltnds of'Mr. Daly will accompany
the body to- Greenwood Cemetery, where
it will be placed in John W. Mackay's
mausoleum. Later a plat will be pur
chased in Greenwood and the body will be
interred there.
¦The- funeral r services of Henry • Villard
were held at his late residence, Thorwood,
l>obbs Ferry, this morning.. The Rev.
The.o C. Williams' of Hackney Hall, Tar
rytown,officiated.
Santa Fe Directors. " '
Although E. Z. Harrlman 1b likely to re
main a director of the company, the other
members of- the board-will shortly tender
ttteir resignations. It was rumored at the
Waldorf-Astoria to-night ! that Henry
Hartz's resignation had been asked - for
and that the resignations of ¦ two other
directors are in the hands of the manag*.
ment. . •
• •.. -. . — ±4. '
, NEW YORK. Nov. 14.— For some unex
plained reason the meeting of the Pacific
Mail directors, which was scheduled for
to-day, was again postponed, this time in
definitely. It was expected that at this
meeting Charles H. Tweed, vice president
of the Southern Pacific, would be elected
president of the Pacific Mall Company.
NEW PRESIDENT
FOR PACIFIC MAIL
NOT YET CHOSEN
iWs Stated, However, That
Charles H. Tweed Will
Get the Place. ;
¦•,;.¦¦¦¦ .-• - - -¦
General Superintendent *P. H. Mc r
, Guigan to Succeed Hays as Gen
ii era! Manager of the Grand
Trunk.
A Madrid ppecial Fays: The Queen Re
pent m-day received the delegates to the
Spanish-American CongreFS and their
families. Senor Zandlvar. the representa
tive of Salvador, expressed in behalf of
the Spanish- Americans their love for tho
mother country, "whose glories and suf
ferings they shared."
Cruise of the Kentucky.
A special frr>Tn Algiers says: The United
State* battWehip Kentucky. Captain Col
by M. Chester commanding, will leave
this port to-morrow for Naples, where she.
wl!l await orders. The Kentucky sailed
from New York October 25. She arrived
at Gibraltar November 3 and proceeded
from that port for A'.giers November 10.
A St. Petersburg- special says: Reports
from the Vifrnrj* district say the exodus
of Finns to the I'nited States has ceased,
end that the emigration agents have left
that district*
Queen Receives Delegates.
A special from Suez says: The Dutch
cruiser Gelderland. with former President
Kruppr on hoard, has arrived here. Mr.
Kroger remained secluded In his cabin.
His health is pood. A deleprate of the
ilarseillf* reception 'ooaimlttee boarded
the Celderland here, but the eventual des
tination of. the warship will be unknown
until Fhe arrives at ¦Port Said, where she
¦will coal. Mr. KxuR(?r received an ova
tion at the German port of Dar Es Sa
laam.
Exodus of Finns Ceases. " r
The Ft^wanis itf the Jockey Club heard
evidence yosterdny and to-day In regard
to the allegation* made by Lord Durham
tpalnpt the running of Richard Croker's
The Scotchman II at Doncaster. when,
with U. ru-iff up. the horse was" badly
beaten by l>jr<i Durham's Gerolsteln. The
Scotchman II !.-iter. with the same jockey
in the FSiltile. defeated Oeroisteln at Liv
erpool October <<. Much testimony was
taken. Reiff and Wishard. the American
trainer, wore fxamfned at lenpth. The in
vestigation"' was- not concluded, but there
is .reason to believe I»rd Durham's
duuvea will not he sustained.
Xrugtr Reaches Suez.
IjOKDON. Xnv. 14.— The directors, man
ager and auditors of the Dumbells Bank,
Isle of Man, which recently failed for over
£100,000. were found" guilty to-day of falsi
fying- the bank's books. Sentence was de
ferred. The jurymen were cheered by the
itFscmMage of ruined depositors.
Durham's Charges Not True.
Charges Made by Lord Durham
Against American
Jockey Beiff.
An Investigation Fails to Sustain the
JURYMEN ARE
CHEERED BY THE
RUINED DUPES
Depositors Express Approval
Upon Conviction of Bank
Officials.
HANDSOME PRINCELING
BETROTHED TO A QUEEN
BLOODY FIGHT
WITH BURGLAR
IN HIS HOUSE
Dwelling of San "Jose Po
liceman Entered by
-a- Thief:
Officer Grapples "With the Intruder
and After a Desperate Encounter
Succeeds In Handcuff
ing TT4-m_
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SAN JOSE, Nov. ;• 14.— Police Officer
David Campbell had a desperate encoun
ter with a burglar who entered his home
at 381 Market street about 4 o'clock this
morning. The officer, who is on the day
watch, was aroused by a noise In the rear
of the house. He started to Investigate,
and discovered a man ransacking some
bureau drawers. Campbell seized him.
and a terrific struggle ensued.
The burglar struck at Campbell, who
parried the blow, and knocked the fellow
down with the butt of his revolver. A
rough and tumble fight followed, the com
batants traveling from one end of the
house to the other. Campbell, who had
hold of the burglar, stumbled over a piece
of furniture, and the fellow shook nlm
self free and made a dash for the front
door.
The officer was «lter him in a minute
and grabbed him as he went through the
floor. The men then fought out to the
Bidewalk, where Campbell finally downed
ma man with blows with his revolver.
Mrs. Campbell then threw her husband's
handcuffs to him from a second story
7?JL 2 W J He .handcuffed the thief to a
SfES.? 1 "? went !l L to the house to change his
ml% JS d J ess i. had been torn to
5i« n •/*£ nls da £ cloth es. The man was
finally taken to the police station.
The burglar has been Identified as H.
C ' ,Si yinond '. who feigning insanity
escaped a penitentiary sentence a year
ago after he had robbed the office of Dr.
La Spada. He presented a ghastly ap
pearance this morning. His head and
face were a mass of cuts and bruises, hia
left Jaw was swollen out of all proportion
and great clots of blood were in his hair.'
Raymond has been arrested in several
California cities and Is an ex-convict.
Whenever arrested he pretends to be in
sane, but the local police declare he is
not demented.
Had Indorsed Notes for Half a Million for
Stott Woolen Mills.
CAUSE OF FAILURE OF
WILLIAM L. STRONG & CO.
MINE EMPLOYES MAY
BECOME STOCKHOLDERS
Plan Inaugurated by the Pittsburg
Coal Company for the Benefit
of Workingmen.
PITTSBURG. Pa., Nt>v. 14.— The Pltts
burg Coal Company has Inaugurated a
plan whereby its 20.000 employes are not
only to become stockholders In the com
pany, but will have an accident and deatb
fund, to be followed later on by a system
for pensioning all those employed by the
company in any capacity. A charter was
applied for at Harrisburg to-day by the
Pittsburg Coal Company Employes' Asso
ciation, which Is organized to act for the
employes in all the transactions contem
plated by the company's prospectus. J.
E. McDonald will be general manager of
the association.
The object of the association, as an
nounced In its prospectus. Is to encourage
and assist any and all of their employes
to Invest their savings in the preferred
stock of the Pittsburg Coal Company, on
which they will make regular monthly
payments of not les than $1 per share.
Dividends earned by the stock thus pur
chased and Interest allowed by the treas
urer of the Pittsburg Coal Company will
constitute the earnings of the association
and will be applied to the stock until paid
for, when each subscriber will receive the
numher of shares he Is entitled to under
his subscription
Fire In the Korean Palace.
YOKOHAMA. Nov. 2 (via Victoria. B.
C. Nov. 14).— Fire destroyed, a consider
able portion of the Korean palace at Seoul
October 14.
NEW YORK, Nov. 14.— The appointment
of a receiver for the firm of W. L. Strong
& Co. has been discussed with great in
terest in mercantile circles here to-day,
in view of the report that the firm's,af
fairs are in much . worse condition than
those who knew the ex-Mayor suspected.
A bank president who had business with
the flrnvis quoted hy the Commercial Ad
vertiser as saying to-day, that it had been
well known In the street that the ex-
Mayor was not by any means so rich as
was generally supposed.
"He was not a millionaire and he was
not very wealthy. Lately he # and Mr.
Stott had been presenting their notes In
sizes- all the way from $25,000 to $100,000,
bo tliatthe leading bank,3 became cautious
arid then many of us refused- to. discount
their stock. The two dead members of
the : firm' had been doing what- we call
'swapping paper*; Mr. Strong Indorsed
Mr. Stott's notes and Mr. Stott indorsed
Mr. Strong's. It was an accommodation
paper and served to show that the firm
was in growing difficulties."
The cause of the Strong failure was
made public to-day by counsel for the
firm In the action for the receivership.
Counsel said that the Strong firm had
Indorsed more than $500,000 In notes for
the Stott Woolen Mills; for which the
firm was agent, and that the odd circum
stances of the death of former Mayor
Strong and of F. H. Stott, heads of the
two concerns, within three days of each
other, had brought about a crisis by dis
solving both firms at a moment when
large sums' were due. The Stott mills are
located in Stottville. N. Y.
One note indorsed for the Stott Company
for $100,000 Is due to-morrow; other notes
nearly :$500,00a are ¦ nearly • due. The
Stott Company, in which the Strong Com-
pany Is largely interested, counsel said,
had indorsed the notes of the Strong
Company, in return, but for an Insignifi
cant amount, probably for less than $100,
000.- .
"If either Mr. Strong or Mr. Stott had
lived the difficulty might have been set
tled without public embarrassment." said
the representative of -the counsel. "We
cannot say what action will be taken in re
gard to winding up the business of the
Stott Company, but it is the debts of that
concern rather than those of Strong & Co.
that has brought about the present crisis.
The Stott partnership Is dissolved, the
same as that of Strong & Co."
PHILADELPHIA. Nov. 14.— William L.
Strong & Co.. wholesale dry goods mer
chants, for whom a receiver was appoint
ed in New York, have a branch house, in
this city ' at which a large business Js
transacted. Attorneys, have secured for
eign attachments against the firm In
Common Pleaa Court here for the follow
ing creditors: Jane.T. Griswold. with bail
fixed at 192,000. and summoning Hood.
Foulkrod & Co.. George F. Fort & Co.,
Strawbrldge & Clothier. John Wanamaker.
Folwell Bros. & Co.. Milton. Bain Beyer
& Co.,, the Griswold Worsted Company
and John. G. Vogler as garnlshees: Frank
T. Griswold against the same defendants
with bail fixed at $7000, and summoning
the same firms as garnlshees; Elizabeth
T. Griswolo against the same, with ball
fixed at $162,160. and the same garnlshees.
The summoning of the firms named as
garnishees in the claims filed by the Gris
wolds is intended by the attorneys for the
plaintiffs to secure possession of any
goods or moneys belonging to William L
fatrong & Co. that may have been in their
keeping at the time of the appointment of
a receiver. One of the attorneys for the
Griswolds said: "It is one of the largest
failures that haa occurred In the last few
years, and the liabilities will easily
amount to $6,000,000." "
THE SAN JFRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, NOYEMBER 15, 1900.
LUNATIC THROWS SHOES
AT EMPRESS OF JAPAN
PRJNCB HENRY OF MECKLENBURG-SCHWERIN, BETROTHED TO
WILHELMINA, THE YOUNG QUEEN OF HOLLAND. FROM HIS
-« LATEST PHOTOGRAPH.
Thousands of Children of School Age
Who Cannot Be En- '
: ¦ rolled."
WASHINGTON, Nov. 14.-M. A.' Brum
baugh, " Commissioner ;,- * of • Education | for
Forto ;Rico, says the .'school system now
In \ operation : there " includes 800. teachers
and 38,000 pupils. This is only, a beginning
as there are 300,000 children- of school age
without school • facilities, moat of whom
\iould enroll if .they could. , The report
says, the present school law should be
wholly at the coming session
of the Insular > Legislature • for ' many rea
sons and a : new : law : enacted. There are
over 100 American teachers and the de
mand is • for more. One - group of these
American teachers is denounced as the
"seekers .after novelty .and new experi
ences, mere adventurers, who .Imposed
upon the administration and the children
end who used the salary and posl tion of
teacher solely to see - a new .' country for
a ; year . and * then return. * Fortunately
these are gone and tfte better teachers re
main to i carry ,on a really helpful and
arduous task.'.' >.«-'...•¦ -.-,,, '.-..
~, Thousands of chlldreirare half-clothed,
half-fed; and. half-housed, and at- least SO
NEW SCHOOL LAWK
NEEDED IN PORTO RICO
•ROAN OAKE, Va. , Nov. 14.— Fire t<vday
totally destroyed Virginia College. The
young ,*• lady students , saved ¦ practically
nothing of their effects. /Nc/nves were
lost. -The. loss is about $75,000, partly'cov
ered by insurance. •:-. :¦..¦ ,.
Prince and Princess of Wales •
••*' at Windsor. " • ¦;¦
J NEW YORK,' Nov. 14.— a; Journal spe
cial from, London says: Princess Victoria
of .Wales is engaged, to , ,6e married to
Prince George of Greece,« Governor Gen
eral of Crete. Prince George spent to-dav
afWIndsor Castle with- the Queen and
the ' Prince and • Princess 'of. "Wales ¦ The
marriage was arranged by them. - It la
said to be purely a love match.
¦<¦-:..:¦ . .... 1 • .. V ;
«•;.',; Virginia' College Burned.
Wedding Arrang-ed by' the Queen and
PRINCESS VICTORIA" TO '
MARRY PRINCE GEORGE
send. .
2
Ji NEVEB TOO LATE
To Try a Good Thing-.
I am fifty-two years old, and for forty*
years of that time I have been a chronic
catarrh sufferer, says Mr. James Gleshlns?
of Allegheny City; with every change of
weather my head and throat would be
stuffed up with catarrhal mucus.
I could not breathe naturally through
the nostrils for months together and much
of the time I suffered from catarrh of the
stomach. Finally my hearing began to
fall and I realized something must b©
done.
I tried inhalers and sprays and salves
which gave me temporary relief, and my
physician advised me to spray or douche
with Peroxide of Hydrogen. But the ca-
tarrh would speedily return In a few days
and I became thoroughly discouraged.
I had always been prejudiced against
patent medicines, but as everything else
had failed I felt Justified In at least mak-
ing a trial. .
Our good old family physician. t>r.
Ramsdell, laughed at me a little, but salt*.
if I was determined to try patent medi-
cines he would advise me to begin with
Stuart's Catarrh Tablets, because he
knew what they contained and he had"
heard of several remarkable cures result-*
ing from their use. and. furthermore, that
they were perfectly safe, containing no
cocaine or opiates.
The next day I bought a fifty-cent box
at a drug store, ' carried It in my pocket
and four or five times a day I would take
a tablet. In less than a week I felt a
marked Improvement, which continued
until at this time I am entirely tree from
any trace of catarrh.
My head Is clear, my throat free from
Irritation, my hearing Is as good as it
ever was and I feel that I cannot say
enough In praise of Stuart's Catarrh Tab-
lets.
These tablets contain extract of Euca-
lyptus bark, Gualacol, blood root and
other valuable antiseptics combined In
pleasant tablet form, and it Is safe to say
that Stuart's Catarrh Tablets ar» far su- .
perior In convenience, safety ana effec-
tiveness to the antiquated treatment by
inhalers, sprays and douches. .
They are sold by druggists everywhere
In the United States and Canada. .
HLSS H^yV S m ySm on^ application
Price 25 cents. All druggista^or sent post
&^i^ n^ c^ lp J of P rfce - Dfe - PAUL DE
FORB. 175 N, Spring st.. Los Angeles, Cal.
ADVEB'
& CO.,
Specialists
Disease ind weak-
ness ot men. Es-
tablished 1SS1. Con-
sultation free.
731 Market it.
felevft tcr entrance ).
San Francisco.
DR. MEYERS
To Cure a Cold In One Day.
Take Laxative Bromo Quinine ' Tablets.'- All
«Jnirg1«t»' refund" the* tnofiej*.'ir Tt rallr'to cure.
E. \V. Grove's signature la on each box. 25c *
visit OR. J0RDAN f 3»tMicAT| i
MUSEUM OF ANATOMY
CJk 1:31 manrsr.&t baits, s./.c& (
Or The Ltrjett Aoitonieal .Vvo*un In (be
-3 J. V'artd. yftkknetum ef '*ny contracted i
ICi !& ditcai* k** ih> '» «i»r«* by the oidett '
A ifOTl OB. J0R3AN-PRfrATE DISEASES #
\ f (iwft i tontulMtloB ftefl and ttricdr prit»te \
4 / TS* a Tnirmrit pertonally or by Utter. A A
f I ff\ a iw^nMCWnlanerycasaudenaksn. T
H * & Wmc r« Hook. PHILO«OPHV .t i
W» a T aABalAeii. mailss *a_aa. uf
id i * "I"* 61 * book *°* ¦"¦* • — • ¦ . "A
DR. MEYERS jSP^
Disease »nd weak- \%, i/'ll
ness ot men. Es- I 4)fwi
tablished 1SS1. Con- TsVJX. ¦tf'S^M*
¦ultatior tree. (Owi PW «?T"?ffll
7.-J1 Market «t. i^WJkif*«
(elevatcr entrance). j4v /KsSSIC
Ban Frandsca i^l^i-^Sa^^s,powder in California. Twelve years ago
he came over from Germany with the se
cret for making smokeless . powder ¦ Not
having an opportunity to apply his knowl
edge he, went to work, as. a) common la
borer in Colorado. Later he was sent for
and given employment ;'at the powder
wokrs here at a large salary and imme
diately the smokeless powder . plant was
constructed." After remaining at work for
two years he left because of some dlsa*
erecmenU' ¦ ; ' •<
SANTA CRUZ," Nov. 14.— The weather of
late has been very warm and. it has af
fected the fruit trees. On thiei McCann
place . In t this city are three :. large . pear
trees completely covered with, white ; pear
•blossoms. Many of the pear trees in Ben
Lomond mountain are in bloom. • ' .
Pear Trees in Pull : Bloom.
COLUSA. Nov.- 14.— Burglars 'entered the
office of the Sierra Lumber .: Company at
Maxwell last night, knocked the knob off
the . safe door, pried open the door and
took $30. It Is thought they. are, the ones
who robbed a saloon at 'Wheatland. on
Monday and fatally .wounded the watch
man who found : them : at work.
Small Haul for Burglars.
SANTA CRUZ, Nov. 14.— Joseph Patrick
Judice of Santa Cruz and Miss Margaret
O'Brien of San Franolsoo were . married
this morning at 10 o'clock at the Catholic
church by Rev. Father McNamee. . After
the ceremony a wedding breakfast was
enjoyed at the home of the bride's sister,
Mrs. A. L. Roy. They will make their
home in the Santa Cruz Mountains.
Wedding at Santa Cruz.
PETALUMA. Nov. 14.— A petition for
letters of administration on the estate of
the late W. P. Hinshaw. capitalist and
rancher, was filed in the Superior Court
to-day by George P. McNear and Henry
Lawrence, acting at the request of the
widow, Mrs. Sabry A. Hinshaw. The
estate consists of 3400 acres of land In 8o
noma snd Marin counties, valued at
$100,000; real estate and business blocks in
Petaluma valued at $50,000; personal prop
erty worth $27,500 and other items,-mak
ing a total of $178,650. The petitioners say
the estate does not exceed $300,000 in value.
The deceased left no will. The heirs at
law are the widow, brothers— E. C. and
A. B. Hinshaw— and several nephews and
nieces.
Estat© of W. P. Hinshaw.
to Jere B., as the fight to defeat the Re
publican nominee for Senator was his
maiden effort in the field of ectlva , noii
tion in the lobby of the Legislature he had
acquired a reputation for subtlety and
smoothness, but he had his reputaUon to
make as a fighter in the open. He se
lected Contra Costa County as the fl tl. 1
of battle. Thither he went, equipped with
the sinews of war and reinforced by
f-?iS tant , dls t bureerB as 'hi* Judgment dic
tated, and began a vigorous battle In
the contest for the nomination Mr Bel
shaw beat his opponents at every turn In
the second battle Herrin and Jere brouEht
up their reserves from San j^uentln hut
fo 8 bst h r R?" 01 ,!^ la8ted OR lrone day the
lobster In politics was at a.dieadvantacn
Every one familiar with ? the situation
knew in advance that Mr. Belshaw wai?
winner as the people were wlYh hfm
Even the Democratic nominee. J.H W?l'
kins, conceded Mr. Belshaw^s election and
had a message of congratulation read£ d
place on the wire, but Jere had a renuta
tlon to make as a political mant/ei? a.?d
was quite anxious to make It at the «
pense of the Republican party. He mad*
riViiaTftele! * ||| "¦¦«"' «« H^!
E aVt P t°h rt a 8 t C h &7l« b SSlvffle"&WS5 W
president of the Southern Pacific', contend
plated, upon his arrival in California the
closing up of the political bureau of the
company's law department. He may b*
gratified to hear that the people, antici
pating his wishes, have alreadv closed i»
and that the bill to provide a close season
for political lobsters will pass bo?h
branches-of the Legislature. Herrin will
not be left without protection. %
The suggestion that John C. Lynch, Col
lector of Internal Revenue, will assist the
Legislature In the apportionment of the
State comes from Democratic sources. In
dications are that be will have ample leis
ure to study the map of California and
arrange the districts with due regard tc
population and homogeneity.
When Lynch, the lightweight of the Fed
eral Brigade, was heard from last he was
leading the lobsters under the banner
of Herrin to elect H. C. Dioble to the As
sembly and defeat J. H. Xelson for the
Senate. He emerged from the contest a
loser In both fights and a winner in noth
ing. As his inclinations now turn to ap
portionment he fancies, perhaps, that a
district might be created which Herrin
and he could win. .
After all the Legislature may take the
business of redistricting the State away
from Lynch and leave him nothing- to
look after but, the duties of the Federal
Office, which Senator Perkins gave him to
promote harmony in the Republican
party.
Lvnch's political distress Is & sad spec
tacle for the bosses to see, but ead an<l
sorrowful as It may be It is not quite as
melancholy as the plight of Jere Burke,
the chfef lobster of the Herrln species in
Contra Costa. County. Burke went to Con
tra Costa and Marin counties to bring
home the scalp of Hon. C. M. Belshaw. so
that Herrin might affix it. to his belt, but
at the close of the contest he was dazed
and bewildered at the night of Herrin's
political scalp dangling at the belt of Bel
shaw. This was Indeed very mortlfylnc
HERRSN'S POLITICAL SCALP
DANGLES AT BELSHAW'S BELT
Jere^ Burke Vanquished in Contra Costa.
/ Lynch Another Distressed Loser.
FRESNO, Nov. 14. — A decision of far
reaching importance to the sheep and cat
tle men of California was rendered In the
Federal court here this morning In the
case of the United States against Lee
Blasingame.
Blasingame had been arrested arid
charged with a penal offense for allowing
his sheep to trespass on the lands of the
Government reservation, thereby violating
a regulation of the Secretary of the Inte
rior. The defendant demurred to the com
plaint filed by the United States District
Attorney, on the .ground that no crime
was charged. He contended that while the
department was vested with power to
make regulations concerning the Govern
ment reservation. It had no power to make
any Infraction of those rules 'and regula
tions a crime, this being a power that .was
vested in Congress only, and could not
be delegated.
In the opinion handed down by Judge
Wellborn It Is held that the act "making
appropriations for sundry civil expenses
of the Government for the fiscal year end-
Ing June 30, 1898. and for other purposes."
in so far as it declares to be a crime any
violation of the rules 'and regulations
thereafter to be. made by the Secretary of
the Interior for the protection- of 'forest
reservations is In substance and effect a
delegation by Congress of legislative pow
er to an administrative officer— the Secre
tary of the Interior. Judge Wellborn
points out that clear statements and per
tinent applications of the doctrine that
legislative power can be exercised only by
that branch of the Government to which
the constitution commits it are found in
cases cited In the opinion.
The decision -will be more I far-reaching
in its effects than is at first glance ap
parent. It practically throws open to the
sheepmen the extensive reservations. It
Is true that they will -still be liable to
harassment by civil suit. and. Indeed, such
an action is pending against Blasingame
in the United States Circuit Court, when
there are many trespassers It is a difficult
matter to prove any particular damage
against ten individual, though these civil
suits act undoubtedly as a deterrent, for
when a sheepman is sued he Is necessarily
put to considerable expense to defend his
case.
United States District Attorney Flint
has nothing to say regarding the decision
further than that It leaves the law In a
very unsatisfactory condition, and In or
der to have it settled definitely he will ap
peal the case to the United States Circuit
Court of Appeals. a
Carpenter's Fatal Fall.
ORLAND. Nov. 14,— Dewltt McCom
mons, a carpenter, was fatally Injured
here' to-day by a fall from a building on
which, he was at work. He waa making
his way along a steep roof, when hcjost
his footing and fell a distance- of about
thirty- feet, : fracturing his skull and - re
ceiving; Internal Injuries. McCommons Is
a native cf Wisconsin and has lived here
about twenty years.
Spokane's ; Celebration.
SPOKANE. Nov. 14.— The twenty-fifth
anniversary of the preaching of the first
sermon to white people in Spokane, was
celebrated ¦ here to-day. Father' 81. G.
Havermale."' the Methodist elder -who
preached. that sermon, November .14, : 1873.
was the speaker In the Jubilee : festivities
at the Howard-street Tabernacle - this
afternoon. The celebration will continue
all this week. -. • ¦••^- : ¦
No Leonids 'Discovered.
, BAN JOSE, Nov. 14.— The astronomers
at Lick Observatory watched all night for
the : meteoric shower," but : no * Leonids
were seen. At 1 . o'clock - this morning
clouds veiled the mountains,. but It. was
stated that despite this, meteors of any
size could have been seen. ¦
DECISION THAT OPENS THE FOREST
RESERVES TO STOCK DEPREDATIONS
Special Dispatch to The Call.
If Judge Wellborn's decision be affirmed
It will be In order for Congress to pass an
amendment to the act under which this
and many similar actions have been
brought.
The first series of sessions of the retent
ly organized northern di%-lsion of the
Southern District of the Federal court ad
journed at 2 o'clock to-day. The next
term will open on May i4. 1901.
RIVERSIDE. Nov. 14.-Thomas P.
Jones, a blacksmith of Temecula, a town
forty miles south of this city, is under ar
rest, after having narrowly escaped lynch
ing, charged by his own daughter with the
paternity of her new-born babe.
Three months ago, Jones' daughter, who
is 22 years old. was married to D. J. Tripp.
a Temecula butcher. At the time of tn«»
marriage, it Is said, the girl confessed all
to him. When the child was born the
husband made known its real paternity
and Mrs. Tripp swore to a complaint
against her father.
Jones, hearing of this action, attempted
to escape Into Mexico * and had a good
start when he was apprehended at Murrl
etta, fourteen miles away, by Deputy Sher
iff Zimmerman. He returned to Teme,cula
pending a-prellminary hearing but when
the citizens of the town heard of It, a
mob soon formed and threats of lynching
were openly made. Fearing that venge
ance might be wreaked upon the pris
oner, the officers quietly secured a buggy
and spirited him away. ¦_• .
LYNCHING THREATENED
BY TEMECTTLA CITIZENS
Officers Spirit Away a Prisoner to
Save Him From Vengeance
of the Populace.
The annual report of the life savin? ser
vice for the year ending June 30, 1900,
shows the number of disasters on the Pa
cific Coast as 32: persons on board vessels,
122: persons- lost,- 4; value property lost.
$136,875; saved, $94,240.
Civil service examinations will be held
December 15 at the following places In
California for positions as clerks and
letter carriers in postofflces: Bakersfleld,
Berkeley. Eureka, Fresno, ; Pomona,
Riverside, San Bernardino, Santa Bar
bara, Santa Cruz and Santa Rosa.
Oregon: Original— Sampson Roy. Baker
City. $6. Additional— Joseph A. Hawkins.
Philomath, $8. Reissue and Increase-
John W. Kitchen, Goshen, $10. Original
widows— Rosetta A. Gaylord. Sweet Homo
<8: Ruth Heston. Newberg, $8.
Washington: Original— Ellery W. Rog
ers. New Whatcom, J6; Francis Reader,
Colville, $6. Additional— Ezra Lawson.
Sprague. $10. Increase— Francis M. Rock
wood, Chehalls, $10.
Pensions Issued: Calif ornia^-Original—
Henry H. Nlebur, Ferndale, $6; Franklin
Rltter, Pasadena. $6; Charles Kennedy.
Soldiers' Home, Los Angeles, $6; Charles
M. Mason, Gilroy,.J6. Increase — William
Sundermeler, . Ventura. $10; Horace W.
Franck. Santa Rosa, $8. Reissue— Harvey
R. Earle, San Francisco, $10; Edward F
Beck. Bakersfleld. $14. \
WASHINGTON. Nov. 14.— Postmasters
commissioned: California— Edward Pinks
ton, Madeline. Oregon— Robert H. Robin
son, Arlington: Theodore Arndt. Emma,
Appointed: California — Gilbert Van Gor
den. Cambria, San Luis Oblspo County,
vice Faith B. Whitney, removed.
sions Granted.
Postofflce Changes and List of Pen-
INTERESTS THE COAST.
PINOLE CITIZENS RATIFY
THE REPUBLICAN VICTORY
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Thank The Call for Its Fight Against Boss
ism and Party Corruption.
BABY SHETLAND PONY
GIVEN A SET OF SHOES
Held in the Arms of Its (hraer While
the Tiny Steel Plates Are
Fitted.
PF.TALUMA. Nov. 14.— The smallest
horse probably that was ever fitted with a
s^t of shoes by any horsesboer In the
State, occupied a place in the shop of
Howard & Mlllerick of this city this
morning. It was a slx-months-old Shet
land pony, one of a band a Los Angeles
rr.«-.n was bringing- down from Mendocino
County, where they had been pastured
during the summer. The rough roads had
worn its bare feet and necessitated shoe
ing. The shoes, fashioned out of a steel
bar. when fitted to the pony's feet were a
trifle larger than a sliver dollar piece, and
the full set weighed Just four ounces, an
ounce for each thce.
The diminutive statue of th* animal
msde it awkward for the bip blacksmith
to shoe it In the ordinary style, fo Mr.
Howard picked the pony up in his arms
and held It while Mr. Millerick nailed on
the shoes. Despite his size, the pony was
strong and fought hard against the inno
vation.
Installs New Officers.
SANTA CRUZ. Nov. 14.— Santa Cruz
Council of the Catholic Ladies' Aid So
ciety wan visited last night by the dis
trict deputy grand president. Miss Mary
Garretty of San Francisco and a reception
vss pix-en in her honor at the Young
Men's Institute Hall. She Installed the
following officerr: President. Mrs. Em
ma Mangels; first vice president, Mrs.
0'01!?.?hnn; second vice president, Mrs.
W. Hanson; marshal. Mis? Carrie Aston;
secretary. Mips Mollie Regan; financial
FAcretary. Mrs. J. O. Cooney; treasurer.
Mrs. J. TV*. Martin: executive committee,
Mrs. M. O'Keefe. Mis* A. Flannery, Mrs.
T. W. Kelly. Miss Anna McSweeney. Miss
Ambr^Finis Ponsano. After the installa
tion ther* wan an Informal programme
«nfl rofrifshmcnts were s«»rve<t
PINOLE. Nov. 14.— "Resolved. That we,
the citizens of Pinole, In mass meet as
sembled, denounce the reports concern-
Ing the alleged coercion of voters in Mr.
Belshaw's behalf. We assert that every
voter In this precinct enst his ballot as
every American citizen should, to suit his
own desires In the matter; be It further
"Resolved, That we tender our thanks to
the San Francisco Call for Its magnificent
fight against political bossism and party
corruption."
These resolutions were adopted amid
great cheering to-night at the big ratifica
tion meeting of the Pihole McKlnley and
Roosevelt Club held at this place. The
expressions were none too strong to con
vey the sentiment of the 600 assembled
citizens and the eloquent speakers who
took part In the heart-warming demon
stration. It was a. spontaneous outburst
of approval of the people's action all
along the line, and particularly with rela
tion to the great victory attained in the
election, to the State Senate of C. M. Bel
shaw. ,
The town hall was crowded and over-
Pi? SF T hen , L> 9/ Ev ans, preeident of
the Pinole Republican Club, called the
meeting to order. Senator-elect Belshaw
was introduced amid wild cheering #He
congratulated the people of Pinole on the
fact that by tl»eir vote on November 6
they had made this the banner Republican
precinct of Contra Costa County. He
condemned the reports as false and ma
licious that any one had been coerced to
yote for himself or anybody else. He ex
tended his thanks to his supporters here
and throughout the district, pledging his
constituents that they would have no
cause to regret their loyalty.
Judson Brusie of Sacramento made a
happy speech, after which a collation waa
served and dancing indulged in.
DENVER. Nov. 14.— With sickening de
tails John Porter, the l»5-year-old colored
boy who ha? been held by the Denver
police on the charge of having murdered
little Louise Frost near Limon. Colo., last
Thursday, confessed his terrible crime
this evening. A day or two more of the
stubborn resistance to the importunities
of the police undoubtedly would have re
sulted in his release and salvation. John
Porter will now be sent to Limon. where
certain death awaits him at the hands of
the grim determined ranchers, who are
assembled at the railroad station and
searching every train that passes on the
way from Denver. That Porter is doomed
to die Is beyond question. The manner
of his death is known only to those who
will act as his executioners. It has been
known for two days that the youthful
but fiendish murderer was weakening, but
it was not until his second subjection to
the police sweatbox to-day that he gave
signs of a complete breakdown.
With creditable foresight Sheriff Free
man of Lincoln County sent an order to
have the bundle of clothes young Porter
shipped to his home in Lawrence seized
and returned to Denver. The suspense of
waiting for the return of the clothes was
Increased by a -wreck which delaved the
expressage. and it was not until noon that
the youth was confronted with a bloody
collection of clothes. It was found that
the trousers worn by Porter were sat
urated with blood from the bottom half
way to the knees, showing conclusively
the fiendish efforts made by the murderer
to stamp out the life of the victim.
The party of officers found Louise
Frost's pocketbook in the closet at Llmon
at midnight. This effectually confirms
Porter's confession.
With an affirmative report to-morrow by
Captain Armstrong, the murderer will be
turned over to the Sheriff of Lincoln
County, who must pass through Union
on his way to the County Jail In Hugo.
Then another tragedy will be enacted.
Nobody pre*>nds that Porter will escape
lynching.
Chief of Detectives Armstrong, Sheriff
Freeman and the father of the murdered
girl, accompanied by newspaper men,
went to Limon to-night to verify the mur
derer's confession and to find the pocket
book taken from the victim and which
the murderer says he threw into the closet
at Llmon station. With the finding of
the pocket book the last scruples of the
Denver police to turning over the negro to
certain death will have been removed.
When asked if little Louise had
screamed or resisted, the murderer re
plied: "Oh. she cried a little."
At the second examination the sullen
demeanor of the murderer gave way to in
difference and with a brazenness almost
incredible he said: "Well, I done lt."-"Llt
tle by little from that on the horrifying
details were dragged from him. In sub
stance Porter stated that he had lain in
wait for the girl and as she drove up to
where he hid. he stepped out and seized
the horse's bridle. He ordered the girl
to get out of the buggy, which she did.
He then led the horse farther up the road
In order, as he stated, not to attract at
tention. Then he seized the girl by the
back of her neck and threatening her
with a knife forced her into the weeds.
Special Dispatch, to The Call.
LOl.'ISE FROST. THE 11-YEAR-OLD GIRL WHO WAS MURDERED
NEAR LIMON. COLO.. IN A MOST SHOCKING MANNER BY JOHN
PORTER. A NEGRO YOUTH.
«¦'
The water company contends that It Is
not an insurer against fire. The prosecu
tion holds that under the' terms of its
franchise and the ordinances of the city
the company is bound to maintain at all
times a sufficient pressure of water in the
mains and hydrants for all purposes, in
cluding the extinguishing of fires. City
Attorney J. C. Ruddock and Seawell &
Pemberton represent the city, while Mc-
Garvey & Rlc-d.soe appear for the water
company. The defense has so far stren
uously objected to all the testimony of
fered by the city, but Judge Angellotti of
Marin, who presides, has generally ruled
against it. If the city win the case, a
precedent will have been established in
thin State, and all the other loosers by the
same fire will have cause of action against
the water company, the losses aggregat
ing thousand* of dollars.
On the night of July 16, IS'jO, that being
a Sunday night, a fire broke out in a liv
ery stable in this city, situated in the mid
tile of a block, upon one corner of which
stood the City Hall, Kire Department out
fit and tool house. The tire company re
sponded promptly, and as it was a calm
summer, night the tire uu^hi to nave been
quickly brought under control; but it was
lound that mere was no water in the
hydnints.
The water works system consists of a
pumping plant on the bank of Russian
Kiver, by which the water is raised to a
ieservolr on the mountain side back of
the town, whence it is distributed in
mains and pipes by natural pressure.
The city put in fire hydrants at all con
venient corners, to which hose may be
attached for the extinguishing of tires,
and the. normal pressure is ¦ sufficient to
throw several streams over the tallest
building in the city. On the night in
question the agent of the water company
had shut off the water at the reservoir to
pi event the use ot water for irrigating
front yards In the night time.
When the fire broke out and the lack of
water was discovered, a man had to be
ssnt nearly n half mile up hill to turn on
the water, causing fatal delay. Nearly
the entire block was destroyed and the
city made a demand upon the officers of
the water company for payment of its
loss, which demand was refused.
UKIAH. Nov. 14.— The suit of the Town
cf Ukiuh City vs. Ihe Ukiah Water Works
and Improvement Company, on trial In
the Superior Court here, is unique in the
jurisprudence of this State. The amount
of money involved Is not great, being only
$570 75, but the principles of law which
will be decided zivc it its importance.
SUPPLY HAD BEEN TURNED OFF
.— — « . •
Should the City Win in the Litigation
Other Loser« by the Conflagra
tion Will Bring Similar
Actions.
Special Dispatch to The Call
Demand Damages of; Water
Company lor Loss
by Fire.
NOVEL POINT
INVOLVED IN
A UKIAH SUIT
It is believed that Stile?, in the first
place, stood in fear of Alvord on account
of having testified ajr;iinst him. The the
ory if that he killed Alvord and then gave
himself up the second time near Casa
«!rand» and told all h» knew, hoptner for
as ILsht punishment as possible. He is
Ftlll awaiting trial and is In the Territo
rial prison at Yuma for safe keeping.
It was known here that Bravo Juan had
left Stilfs and Alvord to travel alone, and
i hey were seen not many days 1>efore
BUI6K (rave himself up. It iy supposed
tnat the two m< n quarreled and Stiles
killed Alvord. The bones of the dead man
had been scattered over the desert by wild
animals, but the skull was found and
identified by men who knew the desper
ado. There were unmistakable marks
which made the idt ntitication certain.
Mrs. Alvord. who Lives here, has not
heard from her husband since Stiles came
In. and she has applied for a divorce.
Over a year ago the west-bound South
ern Pacific train was held up at Cochlse
nation, in Coohise County. The robbers
were not caught, and early in 1W0 the
Fairbank robbery occurred. In which
Messenger Milton was shot and "Three-
Fir.pered Jack" mortally wounded. Stiles,
Bravo Juan. Matt Hurts and the Brown
brothers participated. '"Three-Fingered
Jack" partly cont'ess<-d before dying and
Stiles gave himself up. revealing that Al
vord. though a Constable at the time,
planned the CochiSf robbery. He also
showed where the treasure was burled.
He was given the liberty of Tombstone
jail and. again turnir.p outiaw, seized the
opportunity when but one officer was
present (o break jail, releasing Bravo
Juan. Butts and others who had been cap
tured in the meantime, and fleeing- with
them. Stiles was at large for some time
and finally apain surrendered near Casa
Grande and turned State's evidence with
th* Bmwn brothers at the trial in Tuc
t-on about a month afio. when several of
the pang were convicted in the Tntted
Btmtes courts of roifbingr the United States
mail. Indictments for train robbery still
ha lit; over them.
TVCSON. Ariz.. Nov. 14.— The skeleton
of Purt Alvord was found to-day by Mose
Prackman and a party of hunters near
Casa Grande. Three month* ago "Billy"
Stiles came into Casa Grande and save
himself up after having been out with Al
vord and Bravo Juan since they escaped
'mm the Tombstone jail. Alvord was the
•pader and the others members of a pang
that hfld up Southern Pacific trains, first
at Coehise and lau-r at Kairbank. The
hand was captured and taken to Tomb
stone, but Stiks opened an avenue of es
cape by shootinc the jailer, saining the
keys to the jail and liberating Alvord and
Hravo Juan, whom he accompanied to the
mountains.
Sjw-clt! l"M*r>atch to The Call.
and the Leader of the Band
Was Murdered by a
Comrade.
MAY HAVE BEEN SLAIN BY STILES
* »
Belief That the Outlaw Quarreled
Leader of the Arizona Train
Rogers Perisbed on
the Desert.
HUNTERS FIND
THE BONES OF
BANDIT ALVORD
Secret Brought From Germany by
a Victim of the Pinole
Explosion.
SANTA CRUZ, Nov. 14.-John Hassel
mier, who was killed by the explosion at
Pinole yesterday, made the first smokeless
MADE FIRST SMOKELESS
POWDER IN CALIFOBNIA
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, NOVEMBER' 15, 1900.
LOUISE FROST'S SLAYER
MAKES FULL CONFESSION
John Porter, the Fiendish Negro Youth,
Doomed to Be Lynched by Goloradans.
3
i " wmz if .
WALK A MILE"
Is a laconic definition of a toboggan ride.
It's quick work going down the slide,
but it's a long climb back to the starting
point. It is very much that way with
nealtb ; it is quickly lost and slowly
Bwuum^ji^yn regained. When
the first symptoms
*~~~ -^4 p~" °f .failing health ap-
J k*T^ P eaT t proper care
«^!^vi//!l f£"** descent to' utter
*Z^^!II J&- weakness and debil-
V^J/rfeF- il y* Usually the
iE&£~2&R — complication of dis-
S^^rb\f" or(^ ers known as
is^%^p^rr zeneral debility has
Tr* SS&zfcyZ its origin in a dis-
I rase< * condition of
gSIPIIg/lft'^T tne stomach and
mK^^r other organs of di-
l*clBfllfi5S& c. ? est^ oa an< * nutri-
#JBaFrg?S^i^^afe Uon. These diseases
¦v^alwfML. are P cr f ectl y cured
b y &*¦ of Dr -
W^^^^^fl Pierce's Golden
fi^ft • * p ' tt<W \ Medical Discovery.
|gfc*' ft* [ fffi] j It cures through the
A.im»L>m».i.':<?l j stomach disorders
b;'KPr/wwkV'ffiWL rkfe* 1 . k* ve or "
*»*jrll'l»5|l^i'i^tt igi n in a diseased
LUZTKftyarj^ S condition of the
KSbjigjjff stomach.
ii^Bmr'^T J There is no alco-
hol in the "Discovery," neither opium,
cocaine nor other narcotic
"I wu all 'run down: had no strcccth; had
fbtrp dertia? pains all through me; bead and
hack ache every dsv," writes Mrs. Prank Ca*-
wrll. of fenlimanca, if. T. "I waa a]*o troubled
with a distressed feeling In tb* stomach and pain
in front of the hip bone*. I had a serere cough
and it nearly killed me to draw a long breath,
I wm so sore throw* my lug*.
«I wrote to Z>r. fierce, telling my symptom*
a* near aa I could. H« aetrt me : a v«y kind
ktter, advising me to try hi. m«dida««. which
I did, and before I had tak^a them a week I
was decidedly better. I took two bottlet of the
•Oolden Medical Di»cove»y ' and two of the • Fa-
rorite Prescription.' and am aure I. never frit
better la my Ufc than when I quit taking them."
Dr. Pierce's Pleasxnt Pellets are a cure
for biliousness.
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
- DR. KILMER'S SWAMP-BOOT. •->":
Test for Yourself the Wonderful
Curative Properties of Swamp=Root
To Prove What the Great Kidney and Bladder Remedy Swamp-Root Will Do
for YOU, Every Reader of the " Call " May Have a Sample Bottle Free.
Reporters Have Convincing Interviews With Prominent People Regarding Wonderfal Cures by Swamp-Root
65TH POLICE PRECINCT.
GREATER NEW YORK, Oct. 11. 15OT-
Dr. Kilmer & Co., Binghamton, N. Y.:
Gentlemen— Tn justice to you. I feel It Is my duty to send you an acknowledge-
ment of the receipt of the sample bottle of Swamp-Root you so kindly sent me. I
had been cut of health for the past five years with kidney and bladder trouble. Had
our best physicians prescribe for me. They would relieve rue for the time being, but
the old complaint would In a short time return again. I stnt for a sample bottle of
Swamp-Root, and I found it did me a world of gcod. Since then I have taken eight
small bottles bought at my drugstore, and T consider myself perfectly cured. It
seemed as though my back would break in two after stooping. I do not have to get
up during the n!ght to urinate, as I formerly did three or four times a night, but
now sleep the sleep of peace. My back is all right again, and in every way -I am a
new man. Two of my brother officers are still using Swamp-Root. They, like my-
self, cannot say too much in praise of it. It Is a boon to mankind. We recommend It
to all humanity who are suffering from kidney and bladder diseases.
My brother officers (whose signatures accompany this letter), as well as myself,
thank you for the blessing you have brought to the human- race in the compounding
of Swamp-Root. We remain, yours very truly
JAMES COOK.
Officers of the 65th Police Precinct, . HUGH E. BOYI.E.
Greater New York. JOHN J. BODKIN.
Women as Well as Men Are Made Miserable by
Kidney and Bladder Troubles.
"Tou have no idea how well I feel. 1
am satisfied that I do not need any mere
medicine, as I am in as good health us I
ever was In my life." So says Mrs. Mary
Enselhardt of 2835 Madison street. St.
Louis, Mo., to a reporter of the St. Louis
Globe-Democrat.
"For more than ten years I had suffered
with what the doctcrs termed female
trouble; also heart trouble, with swelling
of the feet and limbs. Last summer I felt
so badly that I thought I had not long- to
live. I consulted doctor after doctor and
took their medicines, but felt no better.
The physicians told me my kidneys were
not affected, but I felt sure that they were
the cavse of my trouble. A friend recom-
mended me to try Dr. Kilmer's Swamp-
Root, nnd I must say I derived Immense
benefits almost from the first week. I
continued the medicine, taking it regular-
ly, and I sm now In splendid health. The
pains and aches have all gone. I have rec-
ommended Swamp-Root to all my friends,
and told them what it has done for me.
I will gladly answer any one who desires
l to write me regarding my case. I most
heartily Indorse Swamp-Root from every
standpoint. There Is such a pleasant taste
to Swamp-Root, and it goes right to the
weak spots and drives them out of the j
system."
MRS. MARY ENGELHARDT.
How to Find Out if You
Need Swamp-Root.
It used to be considered that only urin-
ary and bladder troubles were to be traced
to th«» kidney*, but now modern science
proves that nearly all diseases have their
beginning In the disorder of these most
Important organs.
The kidneys niter and purify the blood-
that Is their wie-k.
So when your kidneys are weak or our
of order you can understand how quickly
your entire tody Is affected, and how
every ovj?sn seems to fall to rlo its duty.
Tf you are s!ck or "feel badly" b"Kln
taklnsr the famous new discovery. Pr. Kil-
mer's Swarnp-Koot. because as soon as
your kidneys are well thev will help all
the other organs to health. A trial will
convince any one.
Weak and unhealthy kidneys arc re-
sponsible for more sickness and suffering
than any other disease:, and if permitted
to continue fatal results are sure to fol-
low. Kidney trouble irritates the nerves,
makes you dizzy, restless, sleepless and
Irritable. Makts you pass water often
during the day and obliges you to get up
many times during the night. Causes
puffy or dark circles under the eyes,
rheumatism, gravel, catarrh of the blad-
der, pain or dull ache in the back, joints
and muscles, makes your head ache and
back ache, causes indigestion, stomach
and "liver trouble: you get a sallow, yel-
low complexion; makes you feel as though
you had heart trouble; you may have
plenty of ambition, but no strength; get
weak .and waste away.
The cure for these troubles Is Dr. Kil-
mer's Swamp-Root, the world-famous kid-
ney remedy. In taking Swamp-Root you
afford natural help to nature. f«^r
Swamp-Root Is the most perfect healer
and gentle aid to the kidneys t£at Is
known to medical science.
Tf there Is any doubt In your mind as to
your condition, take from your urine on
rising about four ounces, place. It in a
glass or bottle and let It stand twenty-
four hours. If on examination It Is mi'ky
or cloudy, if there. Is a brickdust settling,
or If small particles float about In It. your
kidneys are In need of immediate atten-
tion.
Swamp-Root Is pleasant to take ar.d Is
used In the leadlnp hospitals, recommend-
ed by physicians In their private practice
and is taken by doctors themselves who
have kidney ailments, because they recog-
nize in It the greatest and most successful
remedy for kidney, liver and bladder trou-
bles.
If you are already convinced that
Swamp-Root is what you need, you can
purchase the regular 50-cent nnd $1 slzw
bottles at the drugstores everywhere
EDITORIAL NOTICE.— Swamp-Root, the great Kidney. Liver and Bladder Remedy, is so remarkably successful that a
special arrangement has been made by which all readers of (he "Call" who have not already tried it may have a sample bott.'e sent
absolutely free by mail. % Also a book telling all about kidney and bladder troubles and containing many of the thousands upon thou-
sands of testimonial le'ters received from men and women cured by Swamp-Root. Be sure and mention reading this generous
offer in the San Francisco Daily 'Call " when sending your address to Dr. Kilmer & Co.. Binchamton. N. Y.
I depend- upon the suits being doubly so when you see I
Sh them. Xo.be able to get a good suit made to order for fllPf
R £13* 5^ i s an interesting feature to most people, and to Hi
HI doubly interesting to people who desire .to economize, j
flj ' wear of every one is guaranteed; you know what our 1
¦ sons— -suppose you call and get a. few of our new I
Rh Out-of-town ordors fillod. Wnto for samplos and so/f- 1NEW YORK, Nov. 14.— Jeffries and
•Sharkey were to-day matched to
fight for the heavyweight pugil
istic championship under the
Marquis of Queensberry rules.
To guarantee their appearance In the ring
the principals have each deposited $2oG0.
The bout will be held next May, the ex
act date not being named in the articles
of agreement. There will be no side bet,
although Jeffries wanted one of $10,000.
the champion, through his manager,
waiving that point on Sharkey's agree
ment to allow Uie winner to take all the
purse. Bids for the match will be re
ceived by "Al" Smith until January, and
the men will meet before the club offer
ing the largest purge. If the fight takes
place in Nevada it will be to a finish.
According to the terms reached Jeffries
reserves the right to face both "Bob"
Fitzsimmons and "Gus" Ruhlln !n tho
ring before he dons the gloves against
Sharkey. In fact, the champion says that
he Is prepared to go against each of tho
three In rapid succession next 'spring, as
he is confident of his ability to whip
them all.
The match arranged to-day was the re
sult of a sweeping challenge Issued by
Jeffries last Saturday. Nothing official
was heard at the meeting from Fitzsim
mons. Ruhlin was not represented by any
one with authority to act for him. Shar
key was the only one to appear and his
appearance was a surprise. He aid the
talking for himself without the aid of a
manager. Aside from his objection to
fighting for a Bide bet he said he waa
willing to concede anything in order to
get a third chance to meet the champion
and Brady, for Jeffries, immediately ac
cepted the proposition. Brady was unable
to understand why Fitzsimmons Is back
ward now in showing a desire to meet
Jeffries and pointed with a tinge of sar
casm to the offer of "Fitz" to face "Jeff"
at the time the former was In fine con
dition, with only a few days remaining
before the expiration of the Horton law.
Brady is anxious for a meeting with
"Fitz," as he believes the public thinks
the Cornishman is the best opponent for
Jeffries. '
Sharkey remarked that "Fitz" had re
tired from the ring and that "Fitz" had
personally told him so.. Asked as to why
the lanky lighter would not again enter
the ring the sailor pugilist replied that ho
supposed it was because he is getting old.
"He wasn't so old," retorted Brady, "but
that he licked you and Ruhlin within a
few days of each other only a month or
two ago."
Brady decided to give Ruhlin twenty
four hours In which to send on a repre
sentative to talk business with a view to
arranging a match with Jeffries to take
place before the one with Sharkey. Tne
latter said that he is willing to meet Run
lin, Just to show that he is a better man.
the winner to face Jtffries.
Sailor the Only Man to Accept the Sweeping
Challenge and Agrees to Fight in May.
CHAMPION JAMES JEFFRIES
AND SHARKEY ARE MATCHED
Umpire — Lawrence Kaarsberg. Referee—
George Cadwalader. Timekeepers— Irving J.
Mumma and Everett Brown. Linesmen —
Mitchell, Nevada, and McLean, California,
The. first touchdown was made In four
and a half minutes, the second In five
minutes more and the third in ten more.
-The halfs were but twenty minutes
The line-up was as follows:
California. , Position. Nevada.
Hudson 1 . . •
_ ', [ — L. End R .„ Moran
Dibfclee J
Albertson X,> Tackle R ...Rlordan
Clay 1 *
} L. Guard R. .C. Smith
Hendrlcks J
Cornish Center iHunter
O"Tool» T . \ r Lawrence
Stowe - y R. Guard L { ¦¦
Loose J .;;;;•, I Pratt
Castlehim R. Tackle L .Perry
fO-Hara
Womble R. End L ...i
- I Mitchell
Decoto 1
\ Quarter ....Leadbetter
McLean j •
Smith 1 '
Mini V It. Half I*.......Sunderland
¦\Vhlpple J
Duden 1 "
[..., L. Half R ,.B. Smith
Gammon J \
Overall 1 '
Braley V Fullback Keddlo
Foutz • J . - ..
Lawrence, Nevada's left guard, had his
head badly hurt about the middle of the
first half and was more or less Irrational
for the rest of the half. Soon after play
began In the second half he had to be
taken out. Nevada was short of sub
stitutes and was compelled to keep bat
tered up players in until the end of the
game: California threw new men In by
squads for the sake of thepractloe- it gave
them. None of her changes were on ac
count of injuries.
Nevada waa able to hold California but
twice on downs, though they got the ball
several times on fumbles. Of the few
times that they tried the line they made
their distance but twice. Bren Smith
made on© pretty plunge through right
tackle on a fake kick.
Pringle, though he has donned a foot
ball suit again, was not In the game and
Johnny More was kept out on account of
a bad knee he got in the Reliance game
Saturday. . . \
Overall showed up well In the fullbacfc
position and put •, several half hitches
around it for his very own in the. Thanks
giving game. Decoto played a good
game at quarter. .
Keddie made one try for a field goal
from the thirty-five yard line. He missed
narrowly.
In goal kicking California was also de
ficient. Of six touchdowns but two g'O.ala
were kicked and all of thorn but one were
easy tries. In that one Womble failed to
catch the kick-out and so the try for
a goal was lost.
There were some yellow streaks in
California's playing that are the cause" of
uneasiness In the blue" and gold camp.
Fumbles wore as common as cucumbers.
The great Womble dropped the ball three
times, Smith offended in that- manner
twice and Braley fumbled the pigskin in
two successive plays, and there were
others.
The last touchdown was made by two
runs. Braley caught Keddie's kick-off
of thirty-five yards, and, running between
two lines of Berkeley interference,
brought the ball back past the center of
the lield. Gammon was given the ball on
the first pass and away he went like a
racehorse- around right end with pretty
interference, and when' he stopped he
was directly behind the goal posts with a
forty-eight-yard run to his credit. It
was the sixth and last touchdown.
to their feet was a great end run by Rex
Womble near the end of the first half.
Behind very pretty interference he
skirted the left end for forty-five yards.
Keddie alone was between him and the
goal line and Overall was plunging along
to bowl Keddie over. Womble tried to
shift the ball so that he could give Ked
die a straight arm if necessary. Just
then Moran, Nevada's right end, struck
him in a tackle from behind so hard that
Womble dropped the ball on the five
yard line and Keddie fell on it. A. punt
sent the ball out of danger, but Smith
ran It in twenty-four yards, and on the
third play Duden went over the line for
a touchdown, the third of the game.
p-^Ss-^HE plucky football team of the
1 1 University of Nevada went down
rJn defeat yesterday afternoon be
fore California's heavier and more
experienced players. The game
was entirely one-sidod, more so even than
the score, 32 to 0, Indicates, but thevisltors
fought gamely, and though beaten, they
have no cause to feel disgraced.
The game, played on Berkeley's campus,
'was witnessed by 1500 people. None of
that number were more deeply interested
as spectators than Coach Yost and the
members of the Stanford team, and Berke
ley* men and Stanford men alike, looked
upon the game as Important to the degree
to which It should serve to give a line
upon the relative strength of the two
California varsity teams.
A year ago Berkeley, with a team pre-
BUmably stronger* than the one that play
ed yesterday, defeated Nevada, also with
a- somewhat stronger team, by a score of
24 to 0. Stanford won from the Univer
sity of Oregon team Saturday to the tune
of 31 to 0, and the Oregonlans have been
picked as a much stronger team than the
Nevada eleven. According to form, the
cardinal's chances for the Thanksgiving
game still p'eem bright.
The stalwart backs of the California
team found no difficulty in plunging
through the Nevada line or in circling
the ends and the Nevada line was out
played man to man. The Nevada tackles
were boxed play after play and the ends
did not know how to handle the interfer
ence that came it them.
Leadbetter. the Nevada quarterback and
captain, -played a heady game and
tackled all over the field. Keddle saved
the team repeatedly by excellent punts
and Morangot down "the field on punts in
good style and tackled well.
There were sensational runs by Califor
nians scattered through the game and
those, together with more than the usual
amount of punting, made the play excep
tionally open. ¦
The first play that brought the rooters
California Men Smother the Sagebrush Team Under a Score of
32 to 0— Many Fumbles Mar Their Play.
NEVADA FOOTBALL PLAYERS FIGHT
THROUGH UPHILL GAME WITH PLUCK
3332. THIRD RACE— One and an eljchth miles; three-year-olds and up; purse, $400.
Time— H. :«; %. :»7«4: H. 1:02*; %. 1:27; m. 1:39%; mm. 1:52H. Good start. Won easily.
Second and third driving:. Winner, J. Na^lee Burk's b. m. by Imp. Ormonde-Imp. Fairy
Rose. Rosormonde nearly ran from under her lluht impost Locochee would not try, after
t-if-lrjr shuffled * t . fl . r^ t _ tur Jl: ' - - 1 '. *_
i:t:Kl. FOURTH RACE; — Six furlongs; selling; three-year-olds and up; purse. $35&
Time —^«, ::«¦•: H. :4S%: %. 1:13%. Poor start. Won first three driving. Winner C. Mul
hclland's br. g.. by imp. Brutun-Mtsj Gift. Winner excellently handled. Alee -best, "and,
better ridden, could have won. Man in stayed in behind two horses for over a quarter.
Maxello will do soon. Afamada »o lame she couldn't run. Katie Gibbons can win at a
rhorter distance. Scratched— Romany 101. Lost Girl 101. Montanus 107. Goldone 108.
1334. FIFTH RACE — Mile and a sixteenth; selling; three-year-olds ajid up; purse, J400.
Time— 1-16. :0«»: &-«• =»: •-»«¦ -JTHj B-16. 1:23: mile. 1:41%; 1 l-16m. 1:47%. Good start.
Won easily. Secoeid and third driving. Wlncer. J. McGovem b ch. h., by El Rayo-Fuall
lade's Last. Horton finished gamely when called on. Bernays outstayed Edgardo. Better
r-Mcn Topmaft should hav« been the contender. 3f3&msUB2Ati»*3&«Sttfc«
3:i:55. SIXTH RACE— Six furlong*: Belling; three-year-olds and up: purse, »400.
Time— U. ::4U: Vi. :«%: K. 1:13*. Oood etart. Won nmt three driving. Winner, Dr. H. E
Rowell's ch. *.. by St. Carlo-Santa Cruz. Lont? delay at post.- Klley on. Torolna should 'not
hsve chased Jerry Hunt. Winner perfectly ridden. Pompino dropped from the clouds. Pana
mlnt not there to-day. Uedwald hard ridden. Waldo could do nothing with ilocorito
il. Wood bad etrif IBCOi thai waa pot u#ed. Scratched— Pupil 1CL
Tim» — 3-l«. :18\: T-l«. :«: 5H'.-l:08. Good start. Won eaelly. -Second and third driving.
Winner. Atkln & Lottri<JK*'» ch. g. by Rousseau-La Relna. It wu a sham* to take th»
money on Diderot. Laura Marie a trifle short or she would have been second. Tenny Belle
a cheap one.
j:i.;i. SECOND RACE— Five and a half furlonps; two-year-olds ; purse, $400.
Time— 5 ,. :ZiM; H, :4J; %. 1:14*;. Good start. Won first three driving:. Winner, Caesar
Youryr's b. g. by Leonatua-Troilca.. Coburn on winner lost no ground. Beisle Lee short.
Osmond a big loafer. Canejo cut off at start. Onyx better in the mud. !
I.'UtO. FIRST RACC-Pii furlongs: eelling: thr*«-year-olds and up; purse. $J50.
OAKLAND RACETRACK. WEDNESDAY. November 14. -Weather fine. Track fast.
THE CALL'S RACING CHART.
The Merchants' Athletic Club will give
a masquerade ball at Woodward's Pavil
ion on Saturday evening next. Ladles
will be admitted free, while an admission
fee of 25 cents will be charged gentlemen.
J. Pastene is president and Harry Mc-
Ginniss will be floor manager!
Merchants' Athletic Club Ball.
IRVINE. Ky.. Nov. 14.— The second tr?al
of the Derby race was run to-day by the
National Hunters' Association on the
bank of the Kentucky River. The hounds
were started at sunrise at a point four
miles from this place. There were twenty
six dogs in the race to-day, three having
been injured yesterday by reckless riding.
A fox was chased into a wild district
where It was impossible for the hunters to
ride and the hunt for ¦ the day was de
clared off. Another trial of the hounds
will be necessary to determine the winner.
Fox Hunt a Failure.
Bookmaker Johnny Col*>man spread
eome bets about on the chances of Scaily
vay to beat Dio>rot. It looked as if the
tickets might b«* good at the stretch turn.
Viut Ryan's gelding was easilv outfooted
home. . -
"Kentucky" John Givens heard so much
Bessif Lee was a very hot tip Tor the
f.rst event, and a bundle of coin was bet
en her chances. She looked high in flesh.
Tut oujht to be hard to beat next time
cut.
Th<» *uppirtous underpinning of Afamada
prevenii^d her from making any showing
T.hatev^r. As the max* wa.s extensively
played, the judges df-jdlAd to reject her
entry i i future at Oakland.
Track Notes.
A jcrntat collection of speed m^t in the
closing six furlong spin, decided under
Falling conditions. Because of Bullman
l>eing >tn his back. RtdwaJd enjoyed a
flight <:all over Tormina, Jerry Hunt and
I'anamint. After fjuite a delay, Torsina
l>roke sway first, hein? almost immediate
ly h«»ar;pd by Jerry Hunt. At the stretch
turn the lat«f-r had enough, end Torsina
with mo l^n^ths the bett of it looked to
have the race in hand. J. Woods now be
fan ri<-tng St. Cuthbert hard, and in a
iirioua drive earned the decision by a
head. Fallehy came from back In 'the
ruck on Pompino. finishing in the enow.
Hortcin looked to hold his company safe
In the pile and a sixteenth selling affair,
end thf even money at first offered wa.«
devoured by bettors. Ooburn
¦waited to the stretch, then coming on
won a ynost easily from Dr. Bernays.
Edgarco lasted long enough to beat old
Topmast for 6how honors.
By a natty piece of riding Mounce
droppetl Donator down, winner of the
fourth fvent by a nose from 'lirade. Alee,
the even money choice, received a bung
ling rifie at the hands of Jack Martin,
leaving 'he two outsiders to fight It out.
Sinuncd happened >!*» on the best horse,
receiving the verdict.
The iwu-year-old scramble proved only
a eallop for Diderot, the 3 to 5 choice.
Scallywag headed the favorite into th*
eareteh, but "dogged" It perceptibly the
last fuilor.g, barely lasting long enough o
get the place from Laura Marie.
.Not fven in her echoolgirl days did
aristocratic liosormonde evtr fall into a
rare wiin such a light impost as she car
ried in the mile ana a furlong purse run.
•j he conditions permitted her to go to tlie
post with ay pounds in the saddle. There
was stcii a bustling demand for The
liuoby that 4 to 6 and a little even money
vas otta.ir.abie about J. Naglee Burke's
entry. At the start Ooburn took Rosi
r.a.m.e cut in the lead, and The Bobby and
me twp other starters enjoyed a Dird's
eye vleur of the mare the entire route, she
scoring easily In 1:5^4. Locochee ran dis
a;>pomringly. finishing • distant third.
Boolt;na.Ker Caesar Young' s gelding
L»?i:lel. starting a 13 to 5 favorite, defeat
ed a big buncn of ordinary ones In the
Iirst number. Away first, he was not
caught, reaching the stand a length be
fore Trie Sinper and Bessie Lee.
ThlnC* in general ran very smoothly for
ep«-cul*.iors. Alee and Redwald being the
only fi.vorites to meet with defeat. The
track vas not -uite so fast as on the pre
teaing day. still some very fast time was
i.u:.g out.
mentioned In the same breath with
the ga-'axy of stars which includes the
"only Toddie," Lester Relff. Spencer.
Jenkinri and Bullman. "Monk" came down
the pik* ahead of his field in the introduc
tory eprint at Oakland yesterday, and be
fore tr*in time had rolled up four firsts
and a second to his credits. To be sure.
all went favorites in the betting, still goo-1
juugxnrnt was used in not losing any
ground, and his moves were made at the
right time. Should Coburn continue u>
jiatronfxe the same old village hatter and
Dot l>J«k to have a Pullman sleeper or a
brand «f cigars named in his honor, he
will lu.Ve many friends and considerable
monev before spring time comes.
IF "Monk" Coburn. the thirty-ninth
pr.-nege of Professor Tommy Lot
trd,te, persists in piloting winners
over the plate, his name will soon be
Promising Rider Has a Great
Day at Oakland— Fine Sport.
By F. E. MULHOLLAND
talk about The Bobby that when ne led
Rosormonde out of the paddock in answer
lo post call he was almost convinced the
former would win. So much for paddock
information.
Locochee ran like an "Injun" from the
bad lands. Bullman shook his whip at
him. but It acted like the talk of the pale
face to the pappoose. *
Kiley on Torsina was inclined to carry
St. Cuthbert out through the stretch, and
was cautioned for this action by the
Judgc-s.
Jack Martin rode a most stupid race on
Alee, and should be given a two weeks va
cation by Alex Sheiids, to go duck hunt
ing. Jack does not improve with age,
for his saddle work waa better one year
ago.
After getting away poorly, Fallehy
astride Pompino worked his way through
the field cleverly, and finished a good
third.
Willie Waldo, said to be a very shifty
little fellow in the paddle, had his first
mount at the meeting on Mocorito, a
starter in the final scramble.
Following are to-days entries:
First race— Seven furlong-s; three-year-^lds
and upward; purse.
132S Anita B lf"3 1320 Swee't Caporal.109
1305 Pat Morrissey..lii- 1307 Jingle Jingle. ..10s»
31S0 Melkarth 10<» H2S Acrobat ly9
1319 Socialist 109 »
Second race— Five and a haJf furlongs; all
aees: selilns. •
i;2S Matt teoran ...109' 13PS Invlctus 92
1S12 I Don't Know. .112 1312 Alas 109
1312 Miss Rowena ..117! 1295 Loneliness 89
132S Almoner U2' 1295 Merida. 89
1316 Montallade ....112 1328 Hungarian 112
Third race — One mile and a sixteenth; three
year-olds and upward; selling.
12:9 Flush of Gold. .1041 1270 Alicia 101
1329 Expedient 9Si 132S Merry Boy 104
1313 Tom Calvert ..101 (1326)Montanus 110
1301 Gilberto 101 1321 Tappan 107
1304 Terseus 107
Fourth race— Five furlongs; two-year-olds;
purse.
(130S> Andrattus 103 1314 Bedeck 110
1325 El Fonoro 95 1322 Articulate lOt
<12?9)Argot 103 Golden Agre 118
Fifth race— One mile and a sixteenth; three
ypHr-oldd and upward; telling.
1319 Mitten 93! 1311 Goldone 93
(131(>)L#na 104| 1304 Castake 99
1313 Hind. Princess. S7j 1319 Sir Kingston.. 90
Sixth race— One mile; two-year-olds and up
xi.ird; Falling.
11K2 Los Medanos ..110 (13?S)P<>l(Se ?S
131K Lost Girl 107 1328 KlnyBtelle S3
1319 Limelight 107 .... Silver Garter ..107
1324 Twinkle Twlnk.107 U31S)Coming Event.. 104
1S26 Proclamation ..104 1313 Whaleback ....107
1318 Meadow Lark. .107 .... Astor 107
Possible Winners.
t
First race—Pat Morrifsey, Jingle Jingle.
Socialist
Second race —Miss Rowena, Hungarian. Lone
llneaa.
Third race—Flush of Gold, Expedient. Alicia.
Fourth race—Golden Age, Bedeck, Andrattus.
Fifth race —Castake. Goldone, Sir Kingston.
Sixth race—Seide. Twinkle Twliftc. Sliver Gar
er.
COBURN PILOTS
FOUR WINNERS
PUGILISTIC STARS ARE BOBBING AGAIN
Thistle Club Officers.
The following haye"been nominated as
officers of the Scottish Thistle Club for
the next term: Royal ' chiefs, John Ross
and George Miller; chieftain, A. Strang
recorder, George W. Paterson;* treasurer,
R. H. Murray ;? financial secretary/John
Swan ; . sergeants at arms, N; Campbell
and A." J. • Sutherland; , property man
David Logan;;' trustees-^-J. Donaldson
Peter Riddelland R. j P. Wilson. The
election will take place December 14^ The
club will hold its nineteenth annual hog-
Tnanay supper I and - dance on the evening
of December Zi.
Bobbed His Employers. : .
Carl Klosterman, who Is employed by-
Nathan Dohrmann & Co., crockery deal
ers on Butter street, was arrested last
night by Detectives -Harper.' and Arm
strong. To-day: he. will be booked on'sev
eral charges of grand larceocy. Kloster
man was given employment out of charity
and - a few days later, • three -valuable
clocks, the -dials "of which were set with
precious . stones, suddenly " disappeared.
Detectives -visited Klosterrnan's room on
Howard street, near. Third; and found the
Etolen: clocks. /After being, taken, in cus»
tody ; Klosterman broke down and ' con
fessed his guilt., ' '¦.¦'''. ', .
The clocks are valued at S1500.
SAVAi.NAH.Ga., Nov. 14.—"Mysteri
ous" Billy Smith- of New. York lost; his
fight; here' to-night with Jim -.Judge of
Scranton, Pa., by ! fouling his man InUhe
eleventh round. The • fight was fast and
furious up. to ' the -point.', of «¦ conclusion.
Smith's ring tactics were condemned -by
the audience.
Mysterious Smith Loses.
CHICAGO. Nov. 14.— The first annual ex
hibition of the American Belgian Hare
A«sociation of North America opened here
to-day with about 500 entries in the twen
ty-five classes. Twenty-nine prizes are
offered, aside f roni the distinctions con
ferred by the Judges. Famous animals
from Mexico, California and Canada are
on • exhibition, and more .are arriving.
Bucks worth as high as $2000 and does 'as
high as $1000 are on exhibition. The show
will last throughout -the week. •
Belgian Hare Show.
Wong Gtrw*s Effective Method, of
Bringing Prompt Assistance
, When in Trouble. v
"Wong Gow, the Chinese proprietor of a
Clay street restaurant, has discovered a
novel means of calling the police. He ha3
figured out that a fire alarm is about the
quickest way of bringing officers to his
assistance, and he tested the scheme last
night. -It served its purpose, but its use
will not become universal If the heads of
the two departments can prevent it.
Last evening • James Keeney, well
known along Barbary Coast, visited the
Mongolian's restaurant on Clay street,
near Kearny, and proceeded to make
trouble . when he was asked to pay.
The proprietor seized Keeney's hat and
held it for debt. Then Keeney took his
revenge by emptying the contents of two
large milkcans over . the floor. Then the
proprietor proceeded to hunt up a police
man. 'No bluecoats were; in sight, and as
Keeney. was about to dump another can
of white fluid into the street -the owner
resorted to drastic" measures. Ha sound
ed a fire alarm. * :
The engines and polioe : came to the
scene and Keeney /was made a prisoner;
The Mongolian was about to smile at the
success of his scheme when he was. read
a curtain lecture . which served to en
lighten him on the duties of the Fire De
partment. -* . ..' ¦ . . •
SENT A FIRE ALARM «
TO CALL OUT POLICE
Last evening Islam Temple of , the >Iys
tlc Shriners held a special session for the
double purpose of introducing thirteen
strangers to the mysteries of the OTient.
as exemplified in a trip j across the hot
sands of the desert, and of giving a wel
come to the Shriners who recently re
turned from the Hawaiian Islands. There
was a goodly number present who en
joyed the several , ceremonies of the de
grees, after which all adjourned to the
banquet hall, where Recorder Hiram T.
Graves acted as master of ceremonies,
and in a pleasant speech on behalf of
those who did not go welcomed those who
During the evening the Shrine Quartet
sang several songs that were popular on
the trip to the islands, Charles Kurkamp
sang an original song. "The Zealandia,
the-. Ship .We Love So Well," and" there
were congratulatory addresses by. a num
ber of those, present,, short but to the.
point. _, _ ,' t--'
Received by Those Who Did
Not Make the Trip.
Those Who Went to Honolulu Are
SHRDTERS WELCOMED
AT ISLAM TEMPLE
Two Young Men Failing- in This Par
take of the Uquor and Beach
..-\'*-. - ; ,:;' Prison. ( "'
Mrs. Malley ¦ horse rot two young men
with good Intentions Into trouble yester
day. G. Herbert and John Green at
tempted to lead the horse to pasture, but
the unfortunate animal fell from exhaus
tion. They tried to revive the creature
with whisky. The young men laid in a
supply of the fiery liquid and tried I to
make the horse swallow it; but the animal
had temperance views of, his own and de
clined, whereupon Herbert and Green re
vived their - own drooping spirits. . In - a
short time they became hilarious, and the
people in the neighborhood soon became
aware of their presence.
A : large crowd congregated and every
body had suggestions as to how the ani
mal could be got on Its feet. Herbert and
Green were In no mood to take the well
meant advice. They became abusive. A
member of the Society for the Prevention
of Cruelty to Animals then notified Secre
tary Holbrook, and the latter sent Officer
McCurrie to Investigate. The latter found
it necessary to send the horse to Its sta
ble In an ambulance, and a- patrol wagon
was pressed into ; service to .remove Her
bert and Green to a prison cell.-'- ¦
The horse has been given sufficient food
to regain his strength,- and the young men
were given twenty-four hours : In jail to
regain their equilibrium.
ATTEMPT TO REVIVE
HORSE WITH WHISKY
Justice Is supposed to b« blind, but aha
often sees money in an extended hand.
William Goes Hunting.
BER ££v Nov * U — TnU Eml
cercr William went to Silesia for a hunt-
Ing trip. • •
STANFORD UNIVERSITY, No-*/l4 —
The Stanford football team may b« com
pelled to go Into the Thanksgiving game
without its crack quarterback and field
captain. Ciarles B. Raitt. . Zfctftt received
a telegram this morning and. left tame.
diately for his home In San Bernardino
where his father lies seriously ill. The
loss of Raitt would seriously cripple th«
cardinal In the big jramo. His presence
gives confidence to the men. Besides he
is* a ewe passer, strong in interferenea
and a veteran field general.' His return
to college depends entirely upon hU
father's speedy recovery. -
side of a Sick Father.
Noted Quarterback Called to the Bed-
BTANTOBD MAY LOSE BATTT.
- Six and a., half .furlongs, selling— Horseshoe
Tobacco won. Lake Fonso -second. ''Brulare
third. Time. l:20Vi. - -• • •
Five and a half furlongs, selling— Prims, won.
\ CINCINNATI, Nov. 14.— The second fall
meeting of the Queen City Jockey Club
opened to-day at Newport with favorable
weather'and a fast track. Duellist, the
crack 2-year-old - from St. Louis, was de
feated by the game little Ethel Wheat In
the fifth. Duellist was favorite at 7 to
10. The Newport Judges hire reinstated
Jockey Eddie Ross, recently set down for
a bad ride on G. • H; Whitney." Jockeys
Boland and Wonderly have also been re
instated.' They Were under suspension at
Latonla. Summary:
Mile and seventy yards— Maple won. Mon
nicuth Boy second, Give and Take third. Time,
1:43 2-5.
Mile and a sixteenth, selllne— Philippine won.
Knight of the Garter second. Sir Fitzhugh
third. Time. 1:49 1-5.
About seven furlongs— Queen Carnival won.
The Puritan second. Billionaire third. Time.
1:27 1-6. ;
-Mile and seventy yards, selling— Toluca won.
Double Dummy second. Tension third. Time.
1:46 3-5.
NEW YORK, Nov. 14.— Three outsiders
and three second choices divided the card
at Aqueduct to-day, one favorite after
another going down In Quick succession.
It was a disastrous day for the form
players. The conditions were favorable
for the sport and a good sized crowd was
In attendance, but the racing was far be
low, the standard, owing chiefly to th© bad
starting. Imp was a starter In 1 the first
race and she was naturally Installed
favorite. A poor start and. a bad ride
settled her chances, however, and at the
end she had to be • content with third
place. Baatile, at 20 to 1, led all the way
and lasted long enough to win by a head
from Trumpet. A. few days ago BastUe
.was far back In a bad maiden race, lls
saba was a hot favorite for the second
race, but after making the early running
stopped badly, and Orient and Annie
Thompson passed her and finished heads
apart as named. Toluca made all the run
ning and won the third race easily from
the favorite, Double Dummy, the latter
being badly Interfered with In the stretch
by Judge Tarvin. Philippine headed
Knight of the Garter for the fourth race.
Burns outriding little "Walsh, and Carnival
took the nfth easily with the Puritan, who
made most of the running In the place.
The start of the last race was perhaps the
worst of the many bad ones during the
meeting. . Maple, at 15 to 1, won -when
Give and Take died away In the stretch.
Monmouth Boy, off badly and lengths out
of it going up the back stretch, was sec
ond. Summaries:
.About seven -'furlongs— Bastll* won. Trumpet
second Imp third. . Time, 1:27 2-5. . \
Five furlongs— Orient won, Annie Thompson
second. Mesaba third. '. Time. 1:01 £-5.
Three Outsiders and Three Second Choices
Sweep the Card.
School for ( Scandal second. Eorbara M third.
Mile and a sixteenth, selling— Saatmr won.
Eitholin second. Beana third. Time J-47V
Five furlongs, handicap— Sevoy won, Maat-r
Mariner second. Earl Fonso third. Time i-<r>
Six furlongs— Ethel Wheat won. Duellist sec
ond. Jim Wlnn third. Time. 1:44
Mile and seventy yards, selling— Left Btwr
¦wen. Etta second. Saguenay third. Time. 1:47.
CHICAGO. Nov. 14.— Racing for this
year on Chicago tracks has ended. Lake
side wound uj> Its fall meeting to-day.
Go«beJ burned up a barrel of money for
his admirers to-day In the flr»t race. b«
causa the old horse wanted to stop and
play. Emma R beat him out a head at
the wlret Algaretta and Money Muss
have had many battle* lately. «n^ the Ut
ter always came out victorious. To-day
however, th© 2-year-old tried to f^> halFa
furlons further than usual and waa
beaten In the second race by the mare
Algaretta waa forced to dip> a quarter of
a second off the track record, goln^ th»
distance In 1:07 flat. Weather cloudy
track fast. Results: 4-- v 7>
Five and a half rartocfs— Emma . R won
Goebel second. Olekma third. Time 1*07 i.* '
Five and a half furlongs— Al«rar«tta won
Money Muss second. S'.y third. Time, l-fn *
Owners' handicap, seven furlongs— May *B«Lch.
won. Flaunt second. Peaceful third,
1:37 1-5. '
Mile and an eighth, •elliny— Aloha, n won.
Florlsar second. Moroni third. Tim*. liM 4-a.
Mile and a quarter, selling:. — Major - Manal
wcn. Franglbla second. Strangest third. TUao
Jpn« mile, lelllrgr-Brownl* Anderson iron.
Oxnard second. Hood s Brigade third. Time,
TALENT IS HIT HARD
ON AQUEDUCT TRACK
The draw of the Saturday and Sunday
stake at Union Park was held last eight
a.t Pythian Castle. One hundred and
twenty-eight nominations were mail'?.
Coursing will begin Saturday on the ar
riva. of the 10:15 train and on Sunlay on
the arrival of the 9:15 train. The dogs ore
raned as follows:
J. Carroll's Auckland vs. n. Toland's Pleas
ant Girl; II. Lynch's Lexington vs. P. Jack
son's Golden Russet; R. E. de B. Lopez's War
rlgal vs. Curtis & Sons' Shadow; J. Hourltran's
Lucre tla Borgia vs. J. Carroll's Master Claire;
George Parkinson's "Ben 'Lomond vs. William
Huber's-Lady Like; Pasha Kennels' Risky-At
tempt vs. George Nethercott's Floodgate; Wil
liam Howard's Sidney Lucas vs. J. E. Hoa
klng's King's Cashier; K. M. Kellogg's Iowa
Boy vs. R. E. do B. Lopez's Crawford Rex:
Curtis & Sons' Warpath vs. Russell & Allen's
First Foot; T. A. Gaffney's False- Flatterer vs.
R. E. d« B. Lopez's Werlbee; Curtis & Sons'
Cavalier vs. James Hurley's O K Capitol: Cur
tis & Sons' Cash vs. M. Dunlea's Erin; J.
Dean's Slsquoc vs. George Sharman's The- Doc
tor: J. Sheridan's Forest King vs. C. Bonar's
Wild Jforah; W. Creamer's Jesse Moore vs. J.
Mailer's Emma M: J. H. W. Mullet's Cruiser
vs. F. A. McComb's Sir Pasha; J. Keenan's
Lundln Links vs. Sterl & Knowles* Ollta; J.
Seggerson's Gold Hill vs. Chlarlnl Bros.' Pal
myra; R. E. de B. Lopez's Sequence vs. R. E.
de B. Loper's Eager; C. O. Peterson's Silver
Cloud vs. Pasha Kennels* Fiery Face; J. P.
Thrift's Tyrone Prince vs. J. P. Thrift's Bru
tus ;¦ H. Lynch's Game Cock vs. F. A. Mc-
Comb's Patriot; L. F. Bartels' Best Bargain
vs. H. A. Deckelman's Snapshot; Captain
Cane's Master Davenport vs. R. L. Taylor's
Mose; P. J. Reilly's Royal Union vs. Curtis &
Sons' Roslnante; Lande & Gerber'a Rienzl vs.
H. A. Deckelman's Master Rocket; J. Hourl
gan's Dark Secret vs. Pasha Kennels' Mav
Hempstead: J. Keenan's Sleigh Bells vs. E. H.
Mulcaster's Safeguard; William Nubei's Lim-
ber Twig ts. James Hurley's IMrr!e*ne; P.
Jackson's Honor Bright vs. Russell & Allen' s
Castaway; Aeneld Kennels' Aetnra vs.
E. H. Mul caster* s Morallo; A. Buk«r'9
Kanaka vs. Aeneld Kennels' Flying Faster;
J. R. Dick son's Lady Bess vs. F. Jones' Tom
Hurllck; II. A. Dectcelman'a Bells Rocket vs.
O. Zahl's Miss Wilson; Pasha Kennels' Rud*
Awakening- vs. Chtartnt Brothers' Santonin;
Sterl & Knowles' For Glory vs. W. Creamer" 3
Onward; Aenetd Kennels' Aeneas m. P. Stein
hoff's Veto; George Macdougral's Falstaff vs.
Captain Clarkson's Golden Garter; Russell &
Allen's Faithful Lad vs. R. E. d» B. Lopez's
Wardel; T. W. Bartels' Mac's SModr vs. P
J. Rally's The Grafter: Pasha KenaaU* RtvaJ-a
Answer vs. P. J. Relay's Honesty; B\ A. Mc-
Comb's Fro«ty Morn vs. Curtis & Sons' Kibosh;
T. W. Bartels' Best Brand vs. Ruigell & Al
len's Belle Claire; 1L Lynch'/ Lyddlts vs.
Cbtarlnl Brothers' Brass Button, OeJiqw Whit
ney's Theron vs. A. Johnson'* Bald Eajarle; J.
Keenan's Oonnemaugh vs. R, L. Taylor's
Beauty Spot; Russell & Allen's Victor Boy vs.
J. P. Thrift's Sir Hughie: Maher & Reid's Bad
Boy vs. H. A. Decltelman's Lawrence; D. J.
Healy's Urania vs. E. fleary's Bosnia Pasha:
Lande A Gerber's Mount Ida vs. F. A. Mc-
Comb's Little Sister; Sterl & Knowles' Ama
rosa vs. George Macdougal's Colonel Lopez;
George Burfelnd's Pastime ?«. floors- Shar
man's Chicago Boy; F. A. McComb"s Crawfori
Lass vs. J. P. Thrift's Sprlngrbaclc: B. Sllva's
Ileannex vs. P. Rellly'a Lady Grankrd: Pashi
Kennels" Roman Athlete vs. Rnraell & Allen's
Spiteful; E. Baumelster's Los Angeles vs. Run
nel & Allen's Talk to Me; F. Jones' Wedge-wood
vs. Captain Cane's Victor Queen: Russell A
Allen's Strayaway vs. p. J. Healey's Ladv
Claire: F. Jones' Lovlna vs. Pasha Kennels.'
Firm Friend; Georgre Sharman's Miss Skyrocket
vs. Captain Cane's Greenball; George Shar
man's Bowery Boy vs. Aeneld Kennels-
Achilles; P. J. Reilly's Moonbrlsht vs. Chlarinl
Brothers' Bunko Bill; P. Doyle's Liberator vs.
J. HoWm'i Scottish Chief: Georjre Sharman's
Black Flush vs. E. It Kello*s*s Ben's Babe
Many Hounds of Record Are Entered in
Saturday and Sunday's Stake.
GOOD CARD OF SPORT
FOR LOCAL LEASHMEN
MODESTO, Nov. 14.— The sun was
not so ' tyrannical on the plains
to-day, the dust not so choking
and the hares not quite as
¦ scarce as they were yesterday,
although all three attributes marked the
second .day's open coursing of the Inter
state Coursing Association on the Modesto
plains. In all thirty-three courses were
decided. . As the card now stands two re
main In. the second round, which leaves
twenty-five to be decided to-morrow, the
third and last day of the meeting.
Judge John Grace. Slipper Charles Gris
wold; Slip Steward R. L." Taylor am'
President Robert Malcolm are all of opin
ion that enough hares will be scared up
to finish according to time schedule what
will 'have been the largest and 'most suc
cessful plains meet ever held In this or
in any other county.
According to the rare Judgment of well
accredited leashmen the stake is as yet
an open one. Six dogs receive their fa
vored opinions — Forget, Rest Assured,
Ploughboy, Sleety Mist. Miss Penman and
Lady Davenport. As but two rounds have
been run the opportunity for stake specu
lation Is large and there la more of this
running rampant on the Modesto plains
than there are hares.
The majority of the courses were of
short duration— on the average no longer
than those in Union Park in San . Fran
cisco. This was due In many Instances to
the escape of the hare In the dense stuc
ble; In others to the fine work of the
dogs. More of Modesto was present ac
the meeting to-day. About noon several
teams conveying townspeople who wera
not in attendance at the opening Joined
the cavalcade and their occupants" took
an active part in the betting. The biggest
crowd of all three days will line up on
the plains to-morrow and the noolsellers
are expecting a lively time of it.
The betting this morning and afternoon
was brisk, the players of favorites gen
erally cashing their tickets. Anna Held.
C. G. Whallon'B dog, took the flag from
D. E. Wiley's Buckles, a 2 to 1 favorite,
and Robert Emmet, belonging to J. Hlg
glns, 1 to 4. against Silver Lyon. did like
wise. The following is the summary, with.
i official scores by Jn<Jre John Gr*e« and
official times by Frank Cushlng:
* •'.. Conclusion of First Bound.
R. E. de B. Lopez & Sons' Dairy beat Om
r.ell Brothers' White Hat after a no ooura* of
33 second* 8-5; I mln. 40 sec.
J. H. r>erigo's Lady • Davenport b«a£ X A.
Join's Reve d' Amour. 4-0; 1 mln. 30 see.
H. H. Walker" a Cora Pearl beat J. H. W.
1'uller'a Terrona, 88-0; 2 mln. S see.
J. H. McNeil's Pearl Mac beat R. P. Julian's
Janice. 12-1; 57 sec.
Pasha Kennels' Random Aim beat Russell &
Allen's Wedding Bella. 12-8; I mln. 40 see.
Lands & Gerber's Mount Ida beat J. J. Ed
monds' Go On. 5-0; 20 sec.
J. II. Pertgro's Controller beat R, P. Julian's
Sweet Music, 5-3; 23 sec.
Pasha Kennels' Royal Anna beat Lande &
Gerber's Rienzt. 8-0; 12 «ec
T. Hood's Rest Assured beat R. I* Taylor's
Beauty Spot. 6-4; 35 sec.
V.". Creamer's Onward Seat George Van Ber
gen's Sara, 12-0: 3 min. 15 sec.
Connell Brothers' St. Helen b«>at Oeorgw Mal
colm's Achilles, 12-8: 2 min. 33 sec.
T. J. Mclnerny's Retina R beat O. Zah!'s
Miss Wilson. 6-0; 2 min. 25 sec.
C. G. Wballon's Anna Held beat D. E.
Wiley's Buckles. 14-2: 2 mln. 50 sec.
Eugene Casserly's Silence beat P. Reilley's
Master Mat, 14-5; 2 min. 10 see.
• Second Bound.
Johnnie R yon a bye from Sweet Music. Iowa
Maid withdrawn. 12-0; 1 min. S3 sec.
Miss Penman beat RolHclcln* Airs. 4-0; 3 min.
Reckless Archer beat O K Capitol. 8-2; 1 mm.
40 sec.
McKlnley after two no courses with Beer
Brewer finally won. 2-0; 10 sec.
Plou&hboy beat Rosie R. 8-0; 2a see.
Forgret beat Mountain Beauty. 5-1; 17 sec.
iSweet Emma beat Mike Fenton. 12-1; 1 min.
65 tec.
Daisy Dale beat Scotland Yet. 23-13; 2 mln.
20 sec.
Vixen beat Jee»e Moore. 7-5; 45 sec.
Tommy Rex beat Betsy Barrow, 13-4; 3 mln.
45 sec.
Sleety Mist beat Lady Grannard. 1-0: 14 sec.
Minnie Wa Wa beat May Hempstead. *-?;
23 sec.
Robert Emmet beat Silver Lyon. 11-2; 2 min.
113 sec.
Stiver Wlngrs beat St. Michael, 8-5; 52 sec.
Lady Davenport beat Dairy Maid. 6-1; 2.0 sec.
Cora Pearl beat Pearl Mac, 6-3; 1 min. 30 sec.
Random Aim beat Mount Ida, 17-9; 1 min.
42 sec.
Controller and Royal Ann* ran two no
courses, still undecided.
Rest Assured beat Onward, 1S-0; 60 sec.
St. Helen beat Regina, 11-9; 1 mln. 10 s»c
The Anna Held and silence course will be
run to-morrow.
Special Dispatch to The CalL
Great Stake at Modesto Is Yet
an. Open Proposition.
SHORT COURSES
AND FINE SPORT
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, NOVEMBER 15, 1900.
KID BROAD OF CLEVELAND. WHO "WAS DEFEATED BY TERRY Mc-
GOVERN AT CHICAGO. ALTHOUGH THE RESULT NEVER SEEMED
IN DOUBT, BROAD GAVE McGOVERN THE BATTLE OF HIS LIFE.
4
i p<M
nrtex Hor»f, A*«. Weight. 1 Pet 'St.
U.
S.
Str.
Pin.
Jockeys.
It • Betting -
Op. Hi. Cl. PL
1315
1821
1SU
Rosoraonfia, 8.... S3
The Bobby. 3.... S5
Locochee, 4 103
Grand Sachem. 8.106
3 4 12
4 3 32
1 1 4
2 » i a
It
3 5
4
t h
1 1
24
4
» 8
13
21
Sh
4
Coburn
Domlnick ..
Bullman ...
Thomas ....
1-6
.8
5-1
80
6-5
16-6
3
SO
MO
16-6
3
60
1-4
1-3
2-6
12
ndex Horse. Age. Weight.!
:JS,
: ~%i'-'
• -I ' . < EetUnif
*A. Str. Fin. 1 Jockeys. Op. A Hi. Cl. '
" PL
PI.
1.
I 1
1315 "Donator. 5 107
i:*i4 Tirade. 4 107
1?16 Ale*. 3 102
1111 :MaxeIlo. 5 105
i77 2> Un Cadeau. S 105
JJC8- Uarda. 5 M7|
©0 IKatiP Gibbons, 4..IOT1
1316 Ufamaot, 5 .1071
3
5
1
S
6
2
4
I
6 2
4 &
2 h
T 4
1 1
6>i
2 h
_ 8
5 1 3 1 Ins Mounce 8 10 10
4 1 lh 2 4 Coburn 20 15 15
3 h 2 n Im J. Martin... 6-5 6-5 1
6 1 C 1 4 h Tullett. 15 3D 30
11 4 M 6h J. -Woods.... 20 40 40
7 C 7 4 (2 Stuart 8 30 30
2 h 5 h 7 5 Bullman ... 6 12 : 12
» K 8 . Domlnlck ...I 8-2 3 B-2
4
4
9-20
10
10
10
. ' 4
7-10
Index IHorse. As*. Weight. (
|Po. I I, Betting »
(P«ISt. K. V,. Etr. Fin. Jockeyi. Op. Hi. Ck PI?
1 i
1TT3) IHorton. 4 110|
1218 (Dr. Bermro, 6 1C3,
1821 Eilsardo. 3 SS
lOif JTopmast, a Ill
1210 "Loconomo, 6 107|
i»2 42 3h SI 11>4 Coburn 1 1 4-5 _
]5 5 SH41 42 22 VJckery ..... 4 4 4 T-IO
2|1 21 in !« Jh Kansch 10 15 12 S
115 5 6 6 42 Mlllett 6 20 20 ''?*
J4|4 in 21 lh 6 Bullman ... 3 9-2 9-2 1
: po. • ¦
Index How. Ase. Weight. Pst St. %. K. E
1?T» St. Cuthbert. 5...107 11 4. 4« JJ
l*>4> !Tor*ina, * 1W 1 * - 1 ?, i*
1S2O) tPompino. 4... 107 -< 8 JJt Jl
131«) jPaJiamlnt. 4 ...-.108 2 * < h 6 H
IS12 Redwald. 1 1» < : « . 5 h 6 h
ViVi Moconto. 5 X04 € « €1 8 2
3JS6 I Doublet. 8 103 8 7 Jh. !
1212) SJerry Hunt. 4. ...107 5 2 2 2 1 4
.... (St. Wood. 4 107 10 11 » <~ .?,.
lOSJ llysthUn. 4 108 3 * 10 1J
1J17 iTlrona, 8 93 » W » »
K.
Btr.
Btr. Fin. Jockeys. !
1 h J. Wood!....
... 2 n Kiley
J 1 , Fallehy .....
... 4 2 Mounce
B H Bullman ....
... 6 1 Waldo ......
7 1 Coburn
...- S2 Buchanan ..
9 Domlnlck „.
... 10 Tullett ......
... II Ransch
Fin.
Jockeys.
\i Betting: -»
Op. HI. Cl. PI?
I
10
c
4
10
20 .
20
I
S
10
6
3
15
15 *
7
20
.- 100
60 .
I
4
- 10
< .
3
. 15
* 1» ;-
11-2 .
20
100
. 60
I
8-5
4
2
7-5
,B
">••<• 4
B-2
-8
40
20
In'
1ex i Horse and 1
Weig!
IPo.l
[RrtlStJ
H-
I I' BetUnjc >
Str. Fin. Jockeys, j Op. HI. Cl. PI.
«4 !Di<l<rot
!14 ISr-allJ-wasr ..
¦'ji I.a-.ira Mari»
H4 ITer.ny Belle
. .. jCou&ar
¥*) Pftr.ialus ....
!
.105'
.107!
.i«d
.if*
. ssl
] 4 *
i ; 4
5 2
I 2 5
6 6
2 1
1 I
3 h
S4
4 1
e
2 2 2 2 12 Coburn ..... 1-2 8-5 3-5 —
ll'i ] J 3 ••; Hullman 1.- « * 3 S-S
S3 4 5 S 2 Mounce .... 6 12 ' 12 3
4 1 3h 4 8 Klley 8 12 12 8
5 6 5 10 5 20 R&nech 19 20 20 6
« :'• 6 6 Stuart 60 100 100 . SO
In
i<i*x ;
; Horse. Ac
IPo.l
lght.'pst,St. H-
•i. Str. Fin.
Jockeys.
' Op.
Op.
— Bet tine «
HI. Cl. PL
- Bett
HI.
ting
Cl.
PL
Jockeys
OS
a
y
IS
13
12
u
u
13
13
is
U
316) !
SS4 j
2*4
301 '
312
276 *
»>1
:is
»4
3TO '
307 I
iPsnW. 3 .
The finset
Onld Firi'ic
fifraonii. 4
Eir.lle Zols
j Brown Prli
Canejo 3
Bopus Bill
Onyx. 4 ..
'Antoin^««,
iMor^lia, 3
T.
er
a.
n<
1."
u
5....
r, S...
ice, 5
a!."
...ni 11 1 h
..!¦>•;; 4 6 5 h
...107 in 3 7 h
... 99 6 4 34
...107! » 12 8 1
..101 3 8 6 3
°>..1O] S 9 6 h
... 96! 11 5 10 1
...105 7 10 12 .
..107 12 7 4 h
...105 2 3 2 2'
... P9 5 11 11
1 Vi 11 11
5 h 2 h 2 ns
6 H 4 1 ihi
3 h 3 H 44
84 SI 5 1
7 h « H « »»
9 3 7 1 7 2
10 9 8 b
12 ' 10 9 3
4 b 11 10 3
21 8 11
11 12 12
Cob\^n
KHey
M ounce ....
Buckley ....
Bullman ...
J. Daly .....
Stuart ......
Dominlck ..
J. Woods...
Tullett
Ransch
Lottie
2
7
4
12
4
20
8
10
8
«
13
30
8
7
6
30
75
20
20
20
10
25
50
13-5
S
16-6
30
7
75
20
20
20
10
25
50
6-5
2
7-5
12
5-2
15
8
8
8
4
10
20
i p<M
nrtex Hor»f, A*«. Weight. 1 Pet 'St.
U.
S.
Str.
Pin.
Jockeys.
It • Betting -
Op. Hi. Cl. PL
1315
1821
1SU
Rosoraonfia, 8.... S3
The Bobby. 3.... S5
Locochee, 4 103
Grand Sachem. 8.106
3 4 12
4 3 32
1 1 4
2 » i a
It
3 5
4
t h
1 1
24
4
» 8
13
21
Sh
4
Coburn
Domlnick ..
Bullman ...
Thomas ....
1-6
.8
5-1
80
6-5
16-6
3
SO
MO
16-6
3
60
1-4
1-3
2-6
12
ndex Horse. Age. Weight.!
:JS,
: ~%i'-'
• -I ' . < EetUnif
*A. Str. Fin. 1 Jockeys. Op. A Hi. Cl. '
" PL
PI.
1.
I 1
1315 "Donator. 5 107
i:*i4 Tirade. 4 107
1?16 Ale*. 3 102
1111 :MaxeIlo. 5 105
i77 2> Un Cadeau. S 105
JJC8- Uarda. 5 M7|
©0 IKatiP Gibbons, 4..IOT1
1316 Ufamaot, 5 .1071
3
5
1
S
6
2
4
I
6 2
4 &
2 h
T 4
1 1
6>i
2 h
_ 8
5 1 3 1 Ins Mounce 8 10 10
4 1 lh 2 4 Coburn 20 15 15
3 h 2 n Im J. Martin... 6-5 6-5 1
6 1 C 1 4 h Tullett. 15 3D 30
11 4 M 6h J. -Woods.... 20 40 40
7 C 7 4 (2 Stuart 8 30 30
2 h 5 h 7 5 Bullman ... 6 12 : 12
» K 8 . Domlnlck ...I 8-2 3 B-2
4
4
9-20
10
10
10
. ' 4
7-10
Index IHorse. As*. Weight. (
|Po. I I, Betting »
(P«ISt. K. V,. Etr. Fin. Jockeyi. Op. Hi. Ck PI?
1 i
1TT3) IHorton. 4 110|
1218 (Dr. Bermro, 6 1C3,
1821 Eilsardo. 3 SS
lOif JTopmast, a Ill
1210 "Loconomo, 6 107|
i»2 42 3h SI 11>4 Coburn 1 1 4-5 _
]5 5 SH41 42 22 VJckery ..... 4 4 4 T-IO
2|1 21 in !« Jh Kansch 10 15 12 S
115 5 6 6 42 Mlllett 6 20 20 ''?*
J4|4 in 21 lh 6 Bullman ... 3 9-2 9-2 1
: po. • ¦
Index How. Ase. Weight. Pst St. %. K. E
1?T» St. Cuthbert. 5...107 11 4. 4« JJ
l*>4> !Tor*ina, * 1W 1 * - 1 ?, i*
1S2O) tPompino. 4... 107 -< 8 JJt Jl
131«) jPaJiamlnt. 4 ...-.108 2 * < h 6 H
IS12 Redwald. 1 1» < : « . 5 h 6 h
ViVi Moconto. 5 X04 € « €1 8 2
3JS6 I Doublet. 8 103 8 7 Jh. !
1212) SJerry Hunt. 4. ...107 5 2 2 2 1 4
.... (St. Wood. 4 107 10 11 » <~ .?,.
lOSJ llysthUn. 4 108 3 * 10 1J
1J17 iTlrona, 8 93 » W » »
K.
Btr.
Btr. Fin. Jockeys. !
1 h J. Wood!....
... 2 n Kiley
J 1 , Fallehy .....
... 4 2 Mounce
B H Bullman ....
... 6 1 Waldo ......
7 1 Coburn
...- S2 Buchanan ..
9 Domlnlck „.
... 10 Tullett ......
... II Ransch
Fin.
Jockeys.
\i Betting: -»
Op. HI. Cl. PI?
I
10
c
4
10
20 .
20
I
S
10
6
3
15
15 *
7
20
.- 100
60 .
I
4
- 10
< .
3
. 15
* 1» ;-
11-2 .
20
100
. 60
I
8-5
4
2
7-5
,B
">••<• 4
B-2
-8
40
20
In'
1ex i Horse and 1
Weig!
IPo.l
[RrtlStJ
H-
I I' BetUnjc >
Str. Fin. Jockeys, j Op. HI. Cl. PI.
«4 !Di<l<rot
!14 ISr-allJ-wasr ..
¦'ji I.a-.ira Mari»
H4 ITer.ny Belle
. .. jCou&ar
¥*) Pftr.ialus ....
!
.105'
.107!
.i«d
.if*
. ssl
] 4 *
i ; 4
5 2
I 2 5
6 6
2 1
1 I
3 h
S4
4 1
e
2 2 2 2 12 Coburn ..... 1-2 8-5 3-5 —
ll'i ] J 3 ••; Hullman 1.- « * 3 S-S
S3 4 5 S 2 Mounce .... 6 12 ' 12 3
4 1 3h 4 8 Klley 8 12 12 8
5 6 5 10 5 20 R&nech 19 20 20 6
« :'• 6 6 Stuart 60 100 100 . SO
In
i<i*x ;
; Horse. Ac
IPo.l
lght.'pst,St. H-
•i. Str. Fin.
Jockeys.
' Op.
Op.
— Bet tine «
HI. Cl. PL
- Bett
HI.
ting
Cl.
PL
Jockeys
OS
a
y
IS
13
12
u
u
13
13
is
U
316) !
SS4 j
2*4
301 '
312
276 *
»>1
:is
»4
3TO '
307 I
iPsnW. 3 .
The finset
Onld Firi'ic
fifraonii. 4
Eir.lle Zols
j Brown Prli
Canejo 3
Bopus Bill
Onyx. 4 ..
'Antoin^««,
iMor^lia, 3
T.
er
a.
n<
1."
u
5....
r, S...
ice, 5
a!."
...ni 11 1 h
..!¦>•;; 4 6 5 h
...107 in 3 7 h
... 99 6 4 34
...107! » 12 8 1
..101 3 8 6 3
°>..1O] S 9 6 h
... 96! 11 5 10 1
...105 7 10 12 .
..107 12 7 4 h
...105 2 3 2 2'
... P9 5 11 11
1 Vi 11 11
5 h 2 h 2 ns
6 H 4 1 ihi
3 h 3 H 44
84 SI 5 1
7 h « H « »»
9 3 7 1 7 2
10 9 8 b
12 ' 10 9 3
4 b 11 10 3
21 8 11
11 12 12
Cob\^n
KHey
M ounce ....
Buckley ....
Bullman ...
J. Daly .....
Stuart ......
Dominlck ..
J. Woods...
Tullett
Ransch
Lottie
2
7
4
12
4
20
8
10
8
«
13
30
8
7
6
30
75
20
20
20
10
25
50
13-5
S
16-6
30
7
75
20
20
20
10
25
50
6-5
2
7-5
12
5-2
15
8
8
8
4
10
20STAMPS BEQTJIItED ON :.;:
ASSIGNMENT OF MORTGAGE
Buling' of the Commissioner of Inter
nal Revenue on a Peculiar
Question.
WASHINGTON. Nov. 14.— The Commis
sioner of Internal Revenue, in reply to an
inquiry from New York as to whether
"revenue stamps are required upon an as
signment of a mortgage, executed arid de.
livered subsequent to July 1, ,1898, tho
mortgage having been received and issued
prior to that date and therefore not tax
able," has rendered a decision to the effect
that "a tax accrued on ever" assignment
of a mortgage based upon the amount of
money remaining secured thereby; on a
lease based upon the unexnired term; on a
policy of life Insurance based upon the
amount of insurance remaining in force
under the assignment; on a fire, marine
and casualty insurance policy based upon
the unearned premium."
Assaulted a Letter-Carrier.
WASHINGTON. Nov. 14.— The first in
fraction of the postal laws under the
American regime In Porto Rico is report
ed in a cablegram to the Postoffice De
partment received from Inspector in
Charge Leatherman, in San Juan, an
nouncing, the arrest of Antonio Quinno
nes for assaulting' Letter Carrier Jose Ma
jor with intent to rob. The assault oc
curred last Monday. The carrier probab'y
will die. Quinnoneshas been held under
(G000 bonds to the Grand Jury.
Havana's New Postmaster.
WASHINGTON. Nov. 14.— The Postmaa
ter General has designated PostofQce In
spector John R. Harris now , Postmaster
at Havana, as acting Director General of
Posts in Cuba, pending the absence of Di
rector General Fosnes, who ls conval
escing in New York from yellow fever
and pneumonia. Mr. Harris is from the
fit. Louis division. SBBBSBBBBB
Episcopal Convocation.
SANTA CRUZ.\ Nov.! 14.— The Episcopal
Convocation of San Jose,' including all. the
Episcopal churches \ in Santa Clara, San
Benlto, Santa Cruz. ' Monterey and Saji
Luis Obfspo counties, is to meet at Cal
vary \ Episcopal "Church on 'Tuesday and
Wednesday . of ; next week. The '. session
will commence with: an address and dis
cussion t on : ; Tuesday., afternoon. In \ tho
evening there is to be a missionary meet-
Ing ana on Wednesday. morning a celebra
tion of the Holy Communiion and a ser
mon.
How President McKinley Will Be
Welcomed in the Garden -.
City.
SAN JOSE, Nov. 14.— A project is on
foot 'to hold a floral carnival in San Jose
next April '¦ when President McKinley vis
its California. The : , business ,, men and
citizens are In favor, of the plan, and
Mayor Martin has expressed a willingness
to call a meeting to arrange for a celebra-
Th'e flowers in this city and county will
be at their best; in April and a monster
floral carnival would be a fitting reception
to the President, who. it Is not doubted,
will visit San Jose. The coast road will
be completed by that time, and thousands
of visitors would be attracted to San Jose.
SAN JOSEANS PLANNING
. ; : :"FOR. FLQBAI, CABNTVAL
Fog Delays Liner's Arrival.
VANCOUVER. B. C. , Nov. .• 14.— The
steamer.; Empress of f China from, Yoko
hama has lain outside Uie entrance to th's
port since 5 " o'clock this ¦ morning, unable
to enter, through the narrows on account
of ' a : dense fog . prevailing. ¦ She will be
obliged ¦ to -; remain outside , through the
night. , Passengers and i mails > are still on
board the '¦ ship, ' but If the fog continues
may be landed in lighters. ¦.
killed Clasby. ;
Sutton was standing in front of the Ar
buckle postoffice, and as Clasby passed
by he stepped forward, exclaiming: "Clas
by, you are a dead man," and fired." Clas
by turned, picked up a stool and started
toward Sutton, but fell forward into the
drugstore door, where he expired without
speaking a word. The bullet entered the
left side of, the body: about five or six
Inches below the armpit and passed
through the center of the heart.
i The ¦ attorneys for the defendant have
entered a plea of temporary, insanity and
have introduced. a number of Arbuckle's
leading citizens to prove their claim. The
case probably will go to the jury Friday.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
COLUSA, Nov. 14.— The trial of Jesse T.
Sutton, charged with the murder of Con
stable John Clasby "at Arbuckle on the
first' day of \ September, . is occupying
Judge Albery's court this week. From the
evidence It appears that Sutton, on ac
count of Clasby's reported attentions to
Mrs. Sutton, quarreled with Clasby in the
American Hotel several weeks before the
killing. Revolvers were drawn and the
Interference of bystanders prevented
trouble. On September 1 Sutton shot and
Counsel for Jesse T. - Sutton Claims
He Was Mentally Unbalanced
, When He Slew Arbuckle's
Constable/ f 4>^
INSANITY THE PLEA
OF GLASBY'S SLAYER
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SAN JOSE, Nov. U.— Strong testimony
was given for the defense- to-day at tho
trial of Frederick Begerow for the mur
der of Joseph Ceoh. The defendant went
on the stand and told of the killing, claim-'
ing to have shot in self defense,
. /The first witness was George Smith,
krtown as "Bismarck," over whose arrest
th© killing occurred. This was the first
time his testimony was given - in the
case, as he could not be found at the first
trial. A few days ago he was arrested in
San Francisco and brought here on a
D«nch warrant. He testified to his arrest
by Begerow, and claimed the Constable
was in a quarrelsome mood. When Beg
erow started off with him he called to
Cech and Berger, who asked the officer
to release him. "Bismarck" denied that he
hit the Constable. He did not see the
shooting.
- John Maloney testified that ho saw Cech
and Berger take "Bismarck'* away from
Begerow and strike the. officer. After
some words Begerow shot the man. He
said the first snot was fired in the aJr
Tom Stone gave similar evidence. A numl
ber of witnesses were introduced, who
testified to Begerow 1 s. good character."
Leo Maloney, a 14-year-old boy. was a
strong witness for the defense. He saw
Cech and, Berger take "Bismarck" away
from - the Constable and beat the latter
Cech knocked Begerow against the fence
A club was knocked out. of the officer's
hand. The two . men kept •; following
Begerow. Before shooting them - the of
ficer warned them and fired one shot Into
the.alr. :¦¦ ¦. ¦¦;¦ --¦ - : ¦ ;-. ¦ .* ¦¦'''¦. ; /i.^i
Begerow then took the stand In his own
behalf. He told of all the Incidents of
Witnesses Testify That the Alviso
Constable Killed Cech and Ber
ger to Save His Own
. ; Life. ; . ¦ : ''J:t"< :[
STRONG EVIDENCE IN
FAVOR OF BEGEROW
CHARLOTTE. N. C, Nov. 14.— Mrs.
Nancy Hollifield, who may be the oldest
woman In the world, is very ill at her
home. She has experienced only a few
days of illness during her long life. Her
sense of hearing, as well as that of sight,
liave not been impaired with her advan
cing years.
Mrs. Hollineld does not know her exact
age, but relates incidents in her life which
took place more than a century ago.
Her mind is still clear. The oldest in
habitants say that Mrs. Hollifield was an
old woman when they first remembered
her and they all agree that she must be
about 117 years old.
"I never married," said Uncle Noah, as
be knocked the ashes out of his pipe. "I
was in love once, but I was too bashful
to press my suit and I lost her."
"Uncle Noah" said that he had smoked
for nearly 120 years and had been fond
of liquor at the same period. He referred
to the recent election, DUt said he had not
voted because he had not been able to. pay
poll tax. He belonged to the Jacksonian
t'cmocracy and had voted that ticket ever
since the organization of the Democratic
party. Being Unable to read he had not
kept posted in late years and had taken
little Interest in political affairs.
He has a remarkably clear intellect and
his mind is retentive. Mr. Raby extended
his hand In cordial greeting. His grip was
firm and testified to the vigor which his
splendid constitution has allowed him to
retain so long.
"Uncle Noah" smokes almost inces
santly. On pleasant days In the summer
months he gropes his way about the door
yard and mingles with the male inmates.
His thin gray, almost snow-white hair
and his bent figure denote his great age,
though his muscles are firm and he ap
l»jars quite active.
dozing In a large high-back rocker, where
he always sleeps. He never goes to bed,
fearing a rush of blood to his head might
prove" fatal. He is almost totally blind,
but is in full possession of his other fac
ullies«and seems to enjoy life.
When a Call representative called at
the farm "Uncle Noah" was in his accus
tomed ;>lace in the sitting-room, quietly
NEW YORK, Nov. 14.— Noah Raby, an
lr.mate of the I'oorhouse of Piscataway
Township, near Plainfield, N. J., is 12S
years old. He is said to be the oldest man
in America if not in the world. He has
been for thirty years an inmate of the
New Jersey institution, is contented with
his lot, smokes and drinks whenever he
feels so inclined, dwells with Interest upon
the one affair of heart to which he con
fesses and looks forward to several more
yrars in the land of the living.
YOKOHAMA, Nov. 2 (via Victoria,
B. C, Nov. 14). — The perils accompanying
the use of kodaks by foreigners in Japan
as well as the advantage of belonging to
the Harvard Club of this empire were
amusingly illustrated by a recent incident.
Among the first telegrams received by
Baron Kaneko, the newly appointed Min
ister of Justice, on his accession to offlce
was one from Shimonosekl announcing
•that two young men named Burden and
Wlnthrop, belonging to Boston families of
the highest respectability, had been ar
rested while in the act of taking "photo
graphs In the vicinity of the fortifications
there, and asking for instructions as to
what should be done with them. The
Minister of Justice, who as president of
the Harvard Club had only a few even
ings before entertained the Bostonlans at
dinner at the club and could therefore
vouch for their not being foreign spies, at
once wired orders for their immediate re
leaee.
The new Ministry is looked upon with
the greatest Interest and favor by the for
eigners, as it is without doubt far more
favorably disposed toward the latter than
any which has. been in power "for some
years past.
The new regulations of the Home De
partment in regard to the management of
the social evil and famous "Yoshiwaras"
is having such extraordinary and unex
pected effect that it ls confidently pre
dicted that this peculiar feature of Jap
anese life will soon disappear from the
larger cities.
Two Young Americans Get
Into Trouble in
ARRESTED FOR
TAKING PICTURES
WASHINGTON, Nov. 14.— Two Impor
tant subjects to be discussed by the Irri
gation Convention, at Chicago next week,
and to be urged upon Congress this ses
sion for appropriation, are projects for
the irrigation of the arid lands of the
Milk Kiver Valley in Montana and for fin
ishing a big reservoir plant for the Plma
and Maricopa connections In the Glla re
gion In Arizona. The first project is cal
culated to cost about two million dollar;.
altogether. Already the summits of th<»
Rockies adjacent to tho Canadian border
have been surveyed to ascertain the area
tributary to this point of diversion of
water. It ls stated that probably half a
million acres of the arid lands in the
Milk River Valley will be reached if tho
project Is executed.
It is proposed to build a canal beginning
at St. Marys River, carrying the water
into tho north fork and subsequently
the south fork of Milk River and out on,
the plain* to the east. Among other
things it is claimed the building up of an
agricultural country will furnish feed to
winter cattle that now frequently die by
thousands in cold seasons.
The National Irrigation Congress will
likely ask an appropriation of about $250,
000 to b*gln the work. In the Arizona pro
ject ltl ls proposed to build about flfty
miles up the river by the present reserva
tion a reeervoir costing in the neighbor
hood of $1,500,000, which will supply not
only these once prosperous but now dis
tressed Indians, but as well a large area
of public lands calculated to pay the cost
of the entire project.
+- : : ; -+
the day, leading up to the shooting. He
had placed T 'Blsmarck" under arrest.
Cech and Berger took the prisoner away
from him. They beat him on the face and
threatened to kill him. He tried to get
out of their way, but could not. The men
roughly used him, blacking his eye and
skinning his face. He told them he?was
an officer and warned them to desist.' A
club he tried to use was taken away. He
finally got away a few feet and ordered
them to stop, drawing his revolver. The
command To stop was repeated, and then
he fired one shot into the air to warn,
them. They kept coming for him and he
shot them In self defense. . . , :
The bloody' clothing worn by Bpgerow
that day was introduced in evidence to
show tho rough treatment he had re
ceived. - ¦ ¦
Plans to Be Discussed at
the Irrigation Con
vention.
WATERING OF
ARID WASTES
Robert J. Lyons, Nicholas Kelly and
several other miners were tried, convicted
and. sentenced to 'long terms In the peni
tentiary for the Strong mine affair. Their
innocence has since been shown and they
were pardoned. They have brought suit
for $150,000 damages each against Mr.
Strong. It ls alleged In the complaint that
Mr. Strong himself caused the explosion.
He had agreed to sell the property to E.
W. Giddings and William. Lennox. At tho
time of the explosion he had already re
ceived $20,000 as part payment for the
property and a balance of $40,000 was due
in a few days. It ls claimed that he dis
covered the value of the property after he
had sold it and that he expected that after
the workings were destroyed by the ex
plosion.the purchasers would fall to pay
the balance due and the property would
revert to~ him.
COLORADO SPRINGS, Nov. 14\-Sam
uel Strong, a prominent Cripple Creek
mining' man, has arrived homo from his
European tour and announces his readi
ness to face the charges recently brought
against him * In connection with the de
structive explosion which occurred at tho
Strong: mine in Victor six years ago. Tho
Strong shaft house, -ore house and ma
chinery were blown up May 25, 1894. The
explosion was one of the sensational Inci
dents of th© "Bull Hill" war when tho
miners of th© Cripple Creek district were
on strike and hundreds 'of Deputy Sheriffs
were enlisted and armed In Denver to op
pose the strikers.
Cripple Creek Mining Man
Returns to Colo- \
STRONG WILLING
TO STAND TRIAL
Century Mark Far Behind.
e
Special Dispatch to The Call.
PROBABLY THE OLDEST
PEOPLE IN THE WORLD
Noah Raby and Mrs. Hollifield Have Left
NEW YORK, Nov. 14.— The Rev., Father
John E. Barry of St. John's Catholic
Church, Concord. N. H., was struck and
instantly killed by a Broadway car this
afternoon in front of the Astor House.
Father Barry was In company ¦ with
Father E, McCallahan I of Concord and
Father G. W. Murphy of Portland. Maine.
The motorman and conductor were ar
rested.
Priest Killed by a Car.
Influx of Immigrants.
NEW YORK, Nov. 14.— According to
Commissioner of Immigration Fitchie Im
migrants have arrived in this country at
the rate of 1000 per day from all countries
since July last.
NEW YORK, Nov. 14.— Jarnes A. Wright.
second vice president of the International
Navigation Company, better known as the
American line, denied to-day that there
was any truth in the rumor tnat his com
pany is to consolidate with the Atlantic
Transport Line. President Baker of the
Atlantic Transport Line made a similar
emphatic denial.
Will Not Consolidate.
NEW YORK, Nov. 14.— The extradition
proceedings in the case ol Frederick G.
Yuengling;, a son of the brewer, accused
by the British authorities of having em
bezzled £327 from the Lyon Brewing Com
pany of Rossland, B. C, was continued
to-day. The accused was questioned con
cerning the consolidation of the Lyon
Brewing Company and the Yuengling
Company, the abandonment of one of the
breweries and certain checks which were
deposited in tha bank. The prisoner an
swered all questions vwithout hesitation.
This closed the testimony. Briefs will be
submitted to the Commissioner on Satur
day morning, when the case will be called
for the last time.
sioner on Saturday.
Be Filed With the Commis-
Briefs in the Extradition Case Will
HEARING CLOSED IN
YUENGLING CASE
Attention Is called to the fact that an
other total eclipse of the sun will occur
May 17, 1901. which will be remarkable on
account of the long duration of the total
ity and of the high altitude of the sun.
An estimate to enable the observatory to
send an expedition to witness this eclipse
will be submitted.
Admiral Bradford sets forth the desira
bility of a naval station at Guam, empha
sizing the importance of the island as a
naval base. He also recounts rapid im
provements in equipment work at the Ca
vite naval station and the completion of a
steel cold storage house at Pago Pago, on
the island of Tutuila, Samoa.- A new float
ing drydock for the naval station at Al
giers, La., is to be completed by May, 1901.
The amount of coal being consumed by
the navy is increasing year by year, and
its cost last year averaged nearly $2 a ton
more than during the fiscal year of 1898.
Admiral Bradford again renews his rec
ommendations for new naval coal depots.
The bureau recommends the Installation
of the Marconi system of wireless telegra
phy on board of several ships of the navy,
provided it can be done at a reasonable
cost. Experiments in this system of sig
naling .have proven successful in the
main in the trials made by ships of the
North Atlantic squadron, although quite
a serious defect has been discovered. In
the event that two vessels using the sys
tem should attempt to signal a single port
or vessel simultaneously the receiving sta
tion or ship is found to be unable to dis
tinguish between the messages sent to it.
The report says that the survey by the
United States steamer Nero for a trans
pacific submarine telegraph cable between
Honolulu and ¦ the Philippines was most
successfully accomplished and that a sat
isfactory route for an all-American cable
to connect the Pacific Coast with the out
lying colonial possessions of the United
States in the Pacific and with China, and
Japan has been discovered, thoroughly ex
plored, surveyed and mapped. The bu
reau is now ready to lay the cable at any
time.
The attention of the department is called
to the necessity of a survey of the West
ern Pacific Ocean. Many reported "dan
ger spots" appear on the charts whose ab
solute danger is doubtful, thus giving rise
to a great deal of uncalled for solicitude
among navigators.
Two purties were sent to the field by the
Naval Observatory to witness the total
eclipse of the sun on May 28, 1900. The
result, says Admiral Bradford, was, as a
whole, successful, there being, however,
some failures with minor instruments.
"WASHINGTON, Nov. 14.— The report of
Admiral Bradford, chief of the naval bu
reau of equipment, records unprecedent
edly large expenditures by cruising ships
during the last fiscal year and the dis
bursements of large amounts for freight
involved in the transportation of stores.
Amount of Coal Consumed by the
Navy Is Rapidly Increasing
and More Coal Itepots
Are Needed.
Admiral Bradford Submits
His Annual Re-
WANTS A NAVAL
STATION AT GUAM
WASHINGTON, Nov. 14.— The Census
Bureau recently completed the enumera
tion of the District of Alaska. . The sched
ules have been received at the office and
are now in process ot" tabulation. Tho
Director of the Census to-day gave out
the following statement with reference to
the work In the Territory:
"Samuel C. Dunham, who had charge
of the work in the Northern District, re
turned to "Washington a few days ago and
submitted his final report. He left Wash
ington on this work May 4, 1899.
"The native and mixed population of the
Northern District of Alaska is 12,652. Tho
most populous district with respect to the
native population ls the country lying be
tween the mouth of che Yukon and the
Kuskokwim rivers and extending back
from the coast 100 miles. Maurice John
son, the agent for this district, traveled
over 2000 miles with a dog team during tha
winter and enumerated 3015 persons, all of
whom 'were Indians. The Indians In this
region are probably the most destitute
people on the North American Continent.
Mr. Johnson reports that from December
1 to March 15 he visited seventy-four in
terior villages and during that time saw
but three fires burning In the shacks. The
poor creatures huddle together in their
miserable dwellings during the long win
ter and subsist on frozen fish and a little
seal oil, which they secure on the coast
during the summer. The fur-bearing ani
mals, which formerly furnished them with
natural clothing, are neany extinct and
they have been forced to adopt the white
man's garb, and as their poverty prevents
them from securing enough to cover their
nakedness there is great suffering from
the cold. The spiritual condition of these
natives is no better than their physical,
as the missionaries devote their attention
to the more attractive fields In the gold
regions and along the river, where their
work may be seen.
"The Nome district is the most popu
lous in Northern Alaska. The enumera
tion showed a permanent white popula
tion on June 1 of 2074.. During the summer
about 18.000 people landed'at Nome, about
2500 of those coming from Dawson. About
12,000 have returned to their homes in the
States, leaving about 9000 people In the re
gion contiguous to Nome. It is probable
that the population of the town of Nome
during the winter will be between 4000 and
Indians in District Between Yukon
and Kuskokwim Rivers the Most
. Destitute Persons on
the Continent.
Director of Census Returns
to Washington With
Figures.
POPULATION OF
THE FAR NORTH
Mr. Reynolds said that there was much
typhus fever and also much tuberculosis
in the sweatshops. Garments were often
thrown upon the dirty floors and when
Governor Roosevelt, who investigated the
subject, visited the quarter he found goods
stored in a back room occupied by a man
in the last stages of tuberculosis. The
witness expressed the opinion that four
fifths of the garment work in New York
Is done in the sweatshops. An establish
ment on Fifth avenue was as apt to em
plov these agencies as places elsewhere
and the style of a garment was no guar
antee against the place of manufacture.
Mr. Reynolds also contributed consider
able Information concerning the sweat
shops of the east side. He said that gar
ment making is pursued largely In that
section in private apartments. He attri
buted several recent failures of Jarge es
tablishments to the sweatshop competi
tion. He had investigated an instance of
125 workmen, four of whom were working
regularly twenty hours per day, six
of them eighteen hours and others
less time, ranging down to ten hours
per day. In cases of long hours
the wages were not increased com
mensurately with the time put in by
the workers. In many cases the work
rooms are used as sleeping apartments
and a large percentage of the quarters are
In unsanitary condition. The witness said
the force of inspectors under the. State
law was inadequate and that there had
been complaint against the too-strict en
forcement of the law by the danger of
compelling the removal of the workers to
other States.
James B. Reynolds, head worker of the
university settlement of New York, testi
fied as to the redemption of the slums of
New York City, to which purpose the so
ciety- is devoted. The society's building
in Kldridge street, Mr. Reynolds said, is
largely surrounded by Russian and Polish
Jews and by Roumanians/but he thought
these were being gradually crowded out
by the Italians, as the Germans were
earlier by the Jews and the Irish by the
Germans. He said that the children of
the quarter manifest a disposition to be
come ashamed of their parents and not
all of them were disposed to adopt the
trades of their fathers. . ,
"WASHINGTON. Nov. 14.— Thomas B.
Rixey, Labor Commissioner of- Missouri,
appeared before the Industrial Commis
sion to-day. He gave a detailed account
of the St. L.ouis streetcar strike ot last
summer and said the reason he had not
invoked the State Arbitration Commission
for the settlement of the strike was be
cause the law was inadequate. He advo
cated compulsory arbitration.
Four-Fifths of the Garment Making
of New York Reported to
Be Done in Sweat
Shops. ;M-'j;
Testimony of Thomas Rixey
Before Industrial Com
mission.
ARBITRATION LAW
IS INADEQUATE
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, NOVEMBER 15, 1900.
5000."
5
UNITED STATES BRANCH.
STATEMENT
— — OT THE
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
¦ OF Tils—
Helvetia Swiss
FIRE INSURANCE COMPANY
OF ST. GALL. SWITZERLAND. OX THE
31st day of December. A. D. 1393, and for
the year ending- on that day. aa made to the
Insurance Commissioner of the Stats of Cali-
fornia, pursuant to th« Provisions of Sections
(10 and 611 of the Political Code, condensed
aa per blank furnished by the Coniialssionar.
ASSETS.
Cash Market Value of all Stocks and
Bonds owqed by Company ,1(38,823 00
Cash In Company's Offlce 4*3 75
Casb In Banks 106.683 n
Interest due and accrued on all Stocks
and Tif.nni s,29t S7
Premiums In due Course of Collection. 107,131 ",$
Total Assets .1918.421 il
LIABILITIES.
Losses adjusted and unpaid $18,533 01
Losses la process of Adjustment or
In Suspense M.4T1 TJ
Losses resisted. Including axp«nres.... 5.M7 £>
Gross premiums on Firs Risks run-
ning one year or less, $378,M2 47:
reinsurance SO per cent 133,421 24
Gross premiums on Fire Risks run-
ning more than one year. SU3.456 92;
reinsurance pro rata (6,920 13
Commissions and Brokerage due and
to become due..... 21.331 2%
All other demands against tha com-
pany »,m 91
Total Liabilities .J3J7.109 U
rxcoirn.
Net cash actually received for Fire
premiums $423,113 3
Received for interest and dividends on
Bonds, Stocks, Lcana and from all
other sources S7.1M IS
Total Income h'O.zr: 41
EXPEMDITtntES.
Net amount paid for Flr« Losses (In-
cluding $24,924 89, losses of previous
years) IK5.387 4?
Paid or allowed for Commission or
Brokerage 114,345 (1
Paid for Salaries, Fees and other
charges for officers, clerks, etc 3.000 CO
Paid for State, National and Local
taxes 19.0S3 Z5
AH other payments and expenditures. 17.3SS 31
Total Expenditures 1419.137 90
Fire.
LOSSES incurred durins the year S313.S49 52
Risks and Premiums. Fire Risks. Premium*.,
Net amount of Risks
written during the
year £9.940,900 J3W.M9 43
Net amount of Risks
expired, during the
year 47.043,299 457.1M 28
Net amount In force
December 31. 1899 47.611.430 490.299 33
SAilL. I".. WEEI> of Weed & Kennedy.
United States Managers.
1 Subscribed and sworn to before me. this 27tfe
day of January, 1300. F. FISHBECK.
Notary Public
SYZ & CO., General Agents,
801 California Street.
-IBjJIg,-^ Successor to Dr. LAI PO TAI.
Jfj Ihk graduate of Canton- Medical
Si Dk College, after a very success-
CflSsssVW S3 ful practice of many years In
TJu. China, has located In San
W *s *e^ Francisco. Tha surprising and
C* X Cf marvelous cures effected by
Vjg\ y . his herbs demonstrate* their
ESVyV potence and his skill. These
ijMjir^/'S. herbs cure over 4oO different
a^HKp5§9& diseases, including Bright's
Disease. Diabetes. Consump-
»«Ea»sa ~» ti on# Asthma. Paralysis. Brain,
Nerve. Cancers, Tumors. Blood. Male and Fe-
male Maladies. All persons afflicted with any
kind of malady whatsoever, are Inrlted to call.
Offlce, 727 Washington st. Offlce hours— • a.
m. to 12 m, 1 to 9 p. m.: Sundays. 10 a. m. to
12 m. Accept grateful thanks for effecting a
cure of asthma of several years' standing.
A. PARLEY. San Rafael.
Weekly Call,$l;00 per Yea?
THE EMPOBTCTM. | THE EMPORITjaL
| Christmas Tableaux. |
£ Have you seen gay Corny Island, the marvelous mechanical Christmas *
j£ Exhibit? Now on Jree exhibition in' our Attraction Hall, second x
jf floor. Nothing like it ever seen in a d j partment store in America. J
•f The children simply go wild with delight, and for that matter, thi *
J. grown folks seem to enjoy it hugely. Open daily 8 a. m. to 6 p. m.; jj
JC Saturdays until 10:30. x
a* * v^
I Another 01 the Big Store's Famous SilK Sales |
J^ A large assortment of high-grade Novelty Silks, in lengths ranging from 6 to i > X
«? yards, worth regularly $1.25, $1.35, $1.50 and $1.75 per yard; QQ^ X
$ have been marked to close out to-day (.Thursday), per yard VOC -^
J^ In the lot will be found lace stripes, satin and corded stripes, and beautiful braided effects, in a X
II complete assortment of colorings for street and evening wear. The silks are suitable for waists X
%' and complete costumes. •**
i • i
i A GREAT CLOTHING SALE in progress— Balance ol the S
J\ Winter stocK ol several big New York manufacturers, at 'x
$ an average price ol about 70c on the $t00 — new, fresh, ";
aa mmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmm *
j: stylish suits and overcoats for men and boys. jj
ft '-mx.
£ $125 to $1.75 Purses,
| To-Day $1.10. <
K , An assorted lot of La-
ft pumui a..u»M ..¦I dies* Comb ination
•f \ Sjgfe^Jv^ Purse and Card Cases,
•^ iP' .^*^\0k the balance of several
•? • \ lines of high grade —
** ¦ff^'jJJ^JirP worth $1.25, 5'-5 0
P^l^^ - ; Wfl seal *nd morocco, all
Jf I ' ill pretty colorings and
•^ VfcsaiwMi i'~"iaaJ ! beautifully finished; to
1? be closed out on
IC Thursday only — each. .......... ri in
I Table Covers 14c
fV 50 dozen small table and tabourette covers, in
* the popular open-work effect corners; two
» ' sizes — 14x14 inch and 16x16 inch — several
£ patterns; are specially priced for to- -.
j£ day's selling— each «C
tl Worth about one-half more.
$ Sale Table Knives.
K
I — _ —
*£ 100 sets of silver-plated sterling Table Knives,
If the regular size, that our buyer chanced to
I AT secure at much less than their regular whole-
¦•£ sale price, are offered for Thursday while
j£ quantity lasts— set of 6. >y%
Jtf " ;
$ > Men's Underwear 43c i
H We" have been fortunate enough to secure an- *
K other lot of that excellent fleece-lined Men's
jf Underwear, that sold so rapidly in a previous
ff sale, at a price which will enable us to offer
j£ them for Thursday only — per gar- . -
Jtf ment *^C
J» This is a big Underwear Bargain.
$125 Curtains 98c \
Dnly 60 pairs of them, all that the toanu- 3*
facturer had in these patterns; there are two £
very pretty patterns, and the curtains are «
extra heavy lace, 3^ yards long, 54 inches \g
wide, worth at least $1.25 a pair; a snap \f
for early purchasers this morning at. . _q X
w> c -;
50c Mvsic Folios 28c. '£
ro-day (Thursday) only, we offer our stock of "5
50c Music Folios, vocal and instrumental ' r %
collections, also folios of banjo, mandolin JV
and guitar music, at the very special ,-g X
price, each «OC "^
20c _^ I
Pitchers H^TI $
14c 7, 1 Li/ S
rhese prettily shaped J <7- J| Vl^*x X
American semi-por- vl?M^4;Tijf5Sll|/ "'
celain 1 -quart Milk \^fcfrJtflllip^«r
Pitchers, that would «?2£SS2$** %
be very cheap at *¦¦»—
20c each; on special sale to-day 1f X
only.... 14C j
$4 Opera Gloves $2. $
This price is for Jouvin k Cie. full arm-length **
Gloves in black, white and opera colon; we *<«f
are closing out our entire stock of this fa- }€
mous make of opera gloves at half price — {
$ 3 . 5 oGloves $1.75 S
J3.00 Gloves $1.50 X
$3.50 Gloves $1.25 "JE
£2.00 Gloves $1.00 jf
Dress Lining Sale. $
An extra, good 20c Skirt Lining, black satin •*
finish stripe, full 33 inches wide, a small "J
purchase of 450 yards only; on sale \
Thursday, per yard lZC J«
\ Telephone Tgif IWPORlilii 13^' 500^ 011511 ' *
£ Pay station, main ISPI*' »«wf ¦"ffa^3 stand > foot of " 1
5" floor off rotunda 4*ol4t4tw%1tmiGi%aTMhr. '•I stairs to ladies parlor "n
lk noor, orr rotunaa. utKaesr-AMEJucA-s oka-ndut stow J5
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
The Conqueror
OF
0^ y^^ C^OME people can't iin-
*m9xiMM^™*-«mL J r^x™J£B$^^'^w^'^ derstand why Pe-ru-
3?^^^^r>i|^^^^^^^^g na, being acatarrhal rem-
Lung Troubles Colds
Bronchitis Grip
Pharyngitis Consumption
j&\Utll3fex Throat Troubles Asthma
i^T^ \\K v/ Ozcna Pleurisy
Y >^C ** stomac k disorders and con-
gestion of any nature.
«R^ : ni2i?!3H This is why. Each of these dis-
cSb^l '' :: "^T^^$&Smfi eases called by its proper name is ca-
Mji* iJfirSVv- S5L tarrh, or inflammation of the organ
J^^^gEp^D^^^ affected — and Pe-ru-na is a rem-
IfciisJ/ ft£>l/4? * or in any part of the
P'^i f l\ Mi \ \i 1 cate membrane which
| Y Q\ \ \^^|§s\ \ and how easy it is for
/£•*>>& 5>\ \ V-\i^8^*w\ S mem^ rane t0 b e "
fcS^V5>\ jj\J po^m \ \ come inflamed, weakened
P^'i^^^*^^^ m^ ra S ! and sore, and how easy
f *IP^i^^^!l$ >1 51 «S^ W T^ * it: * s for Pe-ru-na to reach
~Z L \^\ and cure it. It has been
lEEA'fiiEa A « A A \» use d successfully for 40
years, and it is the one true cure for all such troubles. If you
keep Pe-ru-na on hand this winter, you will not need the doctor.
"Lectures on Chronic Catarrh, 1 * is a complete
treatise on catarrhal diseases. It treats of every
phas? and variety of summer catarrh, winter catarrh,
and the catarrhal affections peculiar to women.
This book contains ninety- five pages, is instructively
illustrated, and will be found very useful in the fam-
ily. Sent free to any address by The Peruna Medh
cine Co., Columbus, Ohio.
OIL
1000 shares LION OIL CO.'S
STOCK, which, has just struck a big
gusher in the Sunset District, Kern
County, for sale at 75c. We have an
option on this amount for a few days
only. Will sell the whole block or
any part of it. Apply
James R. T. Mershon,
Oil, Land and Stock Broker, 537-538-
639 Parrott Building, San Francisco.
OIL
WHEN THANKSGIVING
COMES
among other things for which to be thank-
ful, dcn't forget the U. S. Laundry, which
keeps your linen clean and makes you
presentable among your fellow men.
Soiled linen at a Thanksgiving dinner ls
absolutely Inexcusable when you can have
It thoroughly cleaned so cheaply at the
UNITED STATES LAUNDRY
Office 1OO4- Market Street
Telephone— South 42O.
Oakland Off Ice— 62 San Pablo Ave.
Opera - - >
Glasses.
Lorgnettes,
AN ELEGANT SELECTION.
Oculists' prescriptions filled. Factory oa
premises. Quick repairing Phone. Main 10.
642 Market 5t. instrumints
*-',UMD£H CHRONIClt BUH.0IN&. CATALOGUE Fflft.
BAJA CALIFORNIA
Damiana Bitters
IS A ; GREAT RESTORATIVE. IN'VIGORA-
• tor and Nervine. i
: The most wonderful aphrodisiac and Special
Tonic for the Sexual Organs for both sexes. -
-. The Mexican Remedy for Diseases of the Kid-
neys and Bladder. Sells on Its own merits.
,- - • NABER. ALPS & BRUNE. I Agents, i
\ , SO Market it., S. F.— (Send for Circular.)
I ELECTRIC SEAL 1
f CAPES — an elegant I
i| cape in every particular jl
a —made of fine whole » §
Si skins — yoke is of Per- if
II sian lamb. fl
gj This cape is beautifully I
U lined with satin and is 1
1} finished with two seal |
p heads and four tails. I
» Electric seal looks and I
¦! wears like sealskin and |
p is in great favor this I
5 season. I
| 14 inch ...$22.50 1
| i6inch ...$25.00 jl
| 18 inch ..,$27.50 I
I? 20 inch ... $30.00 &
gi Fashion book mailed «
I *y Company I
B\ mcoREORfrro __ , I .
I 133137 Poit/tSF I"Of course you won't. You'll never have
an opportunity." But that Is no reason
why you shouldn't marry me."— Detroit
Free Press. • : •
"Will you marry ! me.' Miss Tommey?"
asked Mr. Collingwood. ,
- "No. indeed," replied she. "I wouldn't
marry the best man on earth." ¦
"Don'tiyou think the hands of that clock
look crooked ?'*- • -^ ••-
"Yes; it- must- be that 'the limes are out
of -joint;'-""— Philadelphia Bulletin.
Corlnner-Beulah Is so plain that fcan't
understand where she got the name or
The Supreme." \ __ .' „• .. ••„• •-
Mlriam-rSlnce no young? man.goas ta her
until thrown over by the rest ofthe-jrirld
we eall.her the court of last resort.—Den
ver News.., . ¦_ . . .-:_.. ~. :i
"My wife learned French in five weeks.'
"Does she speak correctly?"
"Well. Professor de Verges says -her
French ls;as good as any spoken In our
neighborhood."— Indianapolis Journal."
A CHANCE TO SMILE.
- "L always- has mo* faith in simp'fy dan
I has in congratulations." said Uncle
Eben. "You knows foh sho' dat dar isn't
anybody gwlnter be -jealous of yoh hand
luck." — Washlngrton Star.
: With that showing the prospect brightens. Any
notable success this year will give the association such
piestige as will strengthen it for the work of the com
ing year. Moreover, a demonstration of ability on
the part of the cured fruit producers to manage their
crops will encourage co-operation in' other lines of
industry- California is so far removed from the great
Centers of population that a serious problem con
fronts her people in the marketing of their, crops.
Consequently every attainment that gives promise of
increasing pqwxr in that direction is gratifying.
The managers of the association, however, are not
the kind of men who stand idle and permit their busi
ness to be played upon by outsiders. Tljjey set to
work devising and carrying out plans to offset the
£\il, and the plans are now reported to have been
tuccessful. President Bond is quoted as having given
out the statement on Tuesday: "The California Cured
Fruit Association is practically in control .of all of.
the prunes unsold in this State." Through the pack
ers' company the remnant of prunes outside of the
association has been purchased- The impression that
has Been given out, ami that has prevailed in the
Eastern markets, that the association would have to
lower its prices for prunes on account of the* lower
price-made by outside packers is without any sound
reason for support. The association has possession,
in its various warehouses, of all 'of. the crop unsold,
and no one has the power to lower the price except
the association itself. This wfll not be done, and the
only -change of price, if any, will be to raise prices.''
THE .PRUNE ASSOCIATION.
rROM San Jose come reports that the* California
Cured Fruit Association, after its long strug-t
gle, has at last attained success and is now in
control of the marketable prune crop of the State.
The percentage of growers who joined Jhe association
was not so large as was at .first desired, and accord
ingly some doubts were felt whether much could
be accomplished in the way of steadying the market
this season. In fact, it is said that for some time
past the association has been harassed by the cut-rate
business of the outsiders, and it looked for a t time as
if the work of the year would be seriously handi
capped. • , • •¦•
The peculation warranting, it will be gratifying to
the whole State to give Los Angeles County a repre
sentative of her own. Her rapid growth and commer
cial importance have deserved this, and she will get
it. The same elements will be recognized every
where, End the aspirations of the people, worked out
in their material progress, wiH be encouraged by a
proper recognition. The Republican party is now in
supreme control in California. Its lease of power
may be lengthened by doing perfect justice through
the governmental instrumentalities for which it is re-
This experience is admonitory. The new districts
will fulfill the law, their boundaries will be legal and
natural. California Republicans do not nerd to dis
figure the political geography of the State with sala
manders, elbows, and dogs' hind legs.
Fortunately, too, there is present no temptation to
gerrymander. That is a device that is proved to be a
vain resort for any political party. In 1882 the
Democracy elected all the members of Congress and
took supreme control of the Legislature. At the ses
sion of 1883 it proceeded to gerrymander the Congres
sional district?, and, looking, upon its perfect work,
felicitated itself upon. having deposited the Republi
can vote of the State in the Oakland district, and se
ccred to itself all the rest. / vV.i
Then in 1884 the people voted and only one Demo
crat was elected to Congress! -
CZjORTUXATELY the great Republican majority
I in the California Legislature puts the redistrict
* ing of the State, for members of the House 0!
Representatives and of the State Legislature, entirely
in the hands of the party. Had one House been un
der adverse control the redistrictiog would have been
subject to all sorts, of compromising schemes, in
which personal ambition rather than the public inter
est would have prevailed.
NO GERRYA1ANDER.
* . '- . '. # . . . - - ¦ :¦' ' ¦ -
The litigation over Cape Nome mining-claims, now
in progress before a Federal Commissioner in this city,
demonstrates very clearly that it is one thing to dis
cover gold injthe frozen north and quite another to
keep it after discovery. . ¦ •
The authorities atAVashington have sent instruc
tions to collect an indemnity from the Moors. Uncle
Sam seems. to forget that theVrieglectrto collect on
bad debt makes it harder to secure payment of a see-*
ond. Turkey is still laughing at us. . ; ... ,;
William Jennings Eryan has announced to . the
world that he was greatly surprised at the result of the
election. This, will have a tendency- to correct • the
impression that Mr. Bryan was not yet in»a condition
to express a clear, thought upon: any subject. •
of Korea has struck a blow at the allied
troops in ) China 1 immeasurabljF niore deadly^ than .'any
«ver conceived in, th> savage ; brains :Qf : 4he; Chinese/
The i King J has, presented to the foreign troops 2000
packages ¦-•pf cigarettes; ' /; '"¦"' -\-T f . '
William Jennings Eryan . appears to have . reached
the logical end • of : his political It. is " ' an
xiounced.that he intends to organize a new party, an<l
it is evident that he-^ieans to make it a party of him^
self, for lumself .'and 1 by himself. :' " ; ;'.' : - ' ' ' '. ,
The- National Democracy is trying to reorganize it
seli. .It might be; wiser. for the- "menders of political
\vrecks: to/ bury what is left of the. party and build a
new;ohe constructed on, principles which do not vio
late American honor or common ; sense. : - ; '
RUNNERSt-H.' H.,- Alcatraz, Cal. There
is no u rule ,' governing ••; those who run -a
hundred-yards as to keeping the mouth
closed or op«n while running. Each fol
lows -his' i own' 7 idea'<inthat matter/-. A
snap : shot j taken * of ' a ; number ¦¦ of ; runners
recently, » as -they ' were reaching "home,
shows that each had his mouth open, but
teeth clenched. ;,...-... . ...
This correspondent want3 to know where
he 'can find the following recitations. Can
any of the readers of the department en
lighten him? ' ' " Weddln' • of . Shaun - Me
Lean,'* "Raise the Goblet and Live" and
"Lines on a Skeleton."
PARENT'S V AUTHORITY— Subscriber,
Alameda, Cal. ¦ In California- - the au
thority of a parent over his child • ceases
upon '\ the appointment by/ a court .of .; a
guardian of the person of the child; upon
marriage or upon attaining. majority.. ; -
WORK— C; M. T., Val
lejo, CaL't If a man has taken up a mining
claim-he; is required to. do 'a* certain
amount of assessment work each year.
The fact that such person Is • In the - em
ploy of the Government at Mare • Island
does not relieve him from the necessity of
performing that work. •- "¦
RESERVOIR SITE— C. M. C. Layton
vllle, 'Cal. V A stockman, living In a
mountainous part ' of . the country." -can
take up one or^more sites for reservoirs
on his range. Neither; need abut "his
deeded- land. . There are no specifications
as to size or material to be used. For ad
ditional information write ' to ": the United
States Land Office in San Francisco.
WANTS RECITATIONS— H. H., .City.
ANSWERS TO CORRESPONDENTS.
WASHINGTON, Nov. 14.— Mrs. W. D.
Tisdale and Miss Tisdale are at the Shore
ham; C. T. Lehmann and C. H. Lehmann
are at the St. James; E. Gauthier Jr. and
E. Mornbeert are at. the Metropolitan. All
are of San Francisco.
CALIFORNIANS IN WASHINGTON
Rev. and Mrs. G. M. Van Horn are at
the Occidental. They arrived yesterday
from the East and' will sail on the next
boat for Osaka,. Japan, where they go as
missionaries. . . , . . .. . ¦
S. G. Wright, a mining man from Fargo,
N. D., is spending a few days at the Pal
ace with his wife. •
'Dr. C. E. Reed and wife of Petaluma,
have taken apartments at the Grand for
a few. days.
E. T. Earl, the well-known Los Angeles
fruit router, Is among the late arrivals at
the Palace. .
H. W Rhodes and C. B. Morford of th©
United States Coast Survey axe at- the Oc
cidental.
E. E. Harlow, a California mining man,
is at the"Grand, having just returned from
.Nome. • ..
Otto E. Never, proprietor of the Paso
Robles Hotel, is registered at the Palace.
/Albert Ames of the Nineteenth United
States Infantry is registered at the Lick.
Captain P. Tlbbey of Salt Lake City Is
at the.LJck. ., . .
H. J:- Pnunser, a Fresno vlneyardlst. Is
at tho Grand. • ¦ •
E. ;A. Meserve, a Los Angeles attorney.
Is at tho Grand.'.
A. A. Newton/ a Butte,- Montana, miner,
Is at the Occidental.
W. S. Porter, a Kings County rancher,
is stopping at the Lick. . :
B." B. Gryan, a Chicago -merchant. Is at
the Palace with his wife. • •
Frank H. Short, a Fresno attorney. Is
registered at the Palace.'
.JFeilx Kramer, a New York City piano
man, Is stopping' at the. Grand: '
.William Shemwell, a merchant at Colo
rado. Springs, Is at the Palace.
. L. A. Spltzer, County Assessor at Santa
Clara,-Js registered at the Grand. ,.¦
W.R. Bradshop, a prominent St. Louis
merchant, Is registered at the Palace.;
PERSONAL MENTION.
This condition of the treasury will strengthen the ;
demand for a revision of the war revenue act and a
reduction of the tax it imposes. Out of that revision
there will come a scramble of "different interests- -to
have their taxes removed or at least lightened. It will
therefore behoove the people to keep a close watch on
the measure. The law was drawn up hastily to meet
the emergency of war.' and is in many respects" un
fair. It suffices to point out it was so vague in "its
wording that telegraph and express companies have,
managed to escape all taxation 'and to 'impose vthe^
whole burden upon-the public. \ Defects of that" kind-'
should be remedied when the act is revised.. "Morer
over,- the tax on light wine, which falls almost .wholly
upon California, ought to be repealed. " Now* that 'th'*:
Government has an income exceeding its expendi
tures the more vexatious and unjust : of the - taxes
should be promptly ended. • » - '¦ •
The report goes on to say: "As the receipts of the
treasury were greater than the needs of the Govern
ment, measures were adopted by the Secretary
of the Treasury for the purpose of restoring
the surplus money to the general, circulation,
l^iese measures including prepayment of interest and
an offer to purchase 4 and 5 per -cent bonds up to $25,
000,000, and notice that the $25,364,500 then outstand
ing of the 2 per cent loan of 1891 would be paid on
presentation. Up to November 1 the redemptions
under this notice, were $23,109,500, leaving $2,255,000
outstanding. The bond purchases under the call for
4 and 5 per cents amounted to $19,300,650, with an
additional $2,373,502 for premiums." .
The statements show that the net. ordinary revenues
of the Government for the fiscal year were $567,240,
852, the largest in the history of the country, exceed^
ing those of 1866, the next highest, by $47,291,288.
The increase of $51,280,232 over the preceding year was
contributed from all the general sources, but chiefly
from customs andinternal revenue. The deficiency
of $89,111,560 for 1899 has been converted into a sur
plus of $79,527,060 in 1900. The gross receipts under
warrant, including those on account "of the public
debt, were $1,387,299,262, "and the disbursements
$i.i95i943>47 2 , a large increase-on both sides over the
previous year. V 'O '.
THE NATIONAL FINANCES.
pijROM the summary telegraphed from .Washing
i ton of the annual report oi Treasurer Ellis H.
;* .v \ Roberts the past year has been one of prosper
ity for the nation as well as for individuals. As -the
Treasurer points out, the general activity of' business
is reflected in his office, and his official report is
therefore a prosperity document of the first quality.
Several . members of the Cabinet hold , office at a
considerable . sacrifice \ of private . interests. • Secrer
taries.Gage, Griggs and Root, it is we'll known/ could
make far moremoney out of office than in! it, and
their business affairs suffer while they serve the re
public- Nevertheless, it is to be noted that each of
them has in the. past: shown a patriotic willingness. to
serve without" regard to financial sacrifice. to him
self, and- it "is gratifying. to learn that they may con
tinue,a. service which has' been so beneficial. The
President^. was right in "saying the vote of the country
was an expression of-confidencein 'the administration
as-a whole/ and- the people will be glad'to see it main
tained, unbroken in personal direction- as well as in
policy: " ¦ --' ¦ -. ¦ ¦¦ ' : : . ¦?¦ •-' .• .' .; '.]~ : \-yy/.
There can be no doubt of the sincerity of the Presi
dent's words. It is not an easy task to form a Cabi
net.- During his term Mr. McKinleyihas had ample
truth' of that. His Cabinet underwent many changes
before the present excellent personnel was attained.
He has had three Secretaries of State, and in addition
there were changes in the offices of Attorney General]
Postmaster General, the Interior and the War De
partment, r Such changes are of course more" or less
prejudicial to effective administration, and, having
now at\thehead of affairs men who are acceptable to
the country and in harmony with one another, it is
natural the President should - desire to retain them
tor his second term."~.
PRESIDENT AND CABINET;
RUMORS concerning • probable in * the
-Cabinet have been r set at, rest for a. time at any
... rate by the announcement:*; fro~m.' .Washington
that at a meeting of. the Cabinet on Tuesday, at .which
all the members were, present except Secretary Root,
the President requested' all "of them "to retain .their
places, and their replies disclosed • a "•willingness'' to
comply.
-.In. making the request the President is reported to
have said*that if the result of the recent election was
an indorsement of his administration, it was no less
an indorsement of the men who had stood by him in
the Y time of stress and adversity. The credit for suc
cess; he said, lay with the heads of his various depart
ments, and he should shrink from entering; upon an
other, four, years of office unless he could be assured
that he would have with him a majority at least of the
men who form his -present official household. He
said he knew that in asking them to remain with him
there was scarcely one who could do so without some
sacrifice either of money, leisure or personal inclina
tion. At the same time he said he should feel happier
if all of them could gratify his wishes. \V' ;.
THURSDAY... ;.;:..-...... NOVEMBER "is, 1900
.JOHN D. SPRECKELS.. Proprietor.
Address Ail Communicatlont to W. S. LEAKE. Manager.
MANAGER'S OFFICE. . . .... .Telephone Frews 2O4
1'1'BLICATION* OFFICE... Market and Third, S. F.
Telephone Prrni* 201.
EDITOItlAL IIOOMS 21T to 221 Sterenaon St.
Telephone Press 2O2.
Delivered by Carriers. IS Cent* Per Week.
Slnjrle Copies. 5 Cents.'
Terms by .Mail. Including Poitagei
DAILY CALL. (Including Sunday), one year $8.00
DAILT CALL Clncludlng Sunday). 6 months 8.00
DAILT CALL (Including Sunday). 3 months 1.50
DAILY CALL— By Single Month ....' 65o
SUNDAY CALL. One Year.... 1.C0
WEEKLY CALL. One Year 1.00
All postmasters are authorised to receive
¦ nbfteriptlons.
Sample copies will be forwarded when requested.
Mall subscriber* In ordering: chuig* of address • should be
particular to rive both NEW AXD OLD ADDRESS In order
to Insure a prompt and correct complIAnce with their request.
OAKLAAD OFFICE . .HIS Broad wmy
C. GGOnGE KHOC\ESS,
Manager Foreign Advertising, Marquetts Building, Chicago.
(long Distance Telephone "Central 2618.")
NEW YORK CORRESPONDENT:
C C CARXTOST Herald Sanare
NEW YORK REPRESENTATIVE:
STEPHEJT D. SMITH .30 Tribune Building
NEW YORK NEWS 6TANDS:
Waldorf- Astoria. Hotel; A. Brentano, a Union Eauare:
Murray H1U Hotel.
CHICAGO NEWS STANDS:
Bhermaa House: P. O. News Co.: Great Northern Hotel:
rrexnoct House; Auditorium Hotel.
WASHISGTOX (D. C.) OFFICE. . . .1408 G St., W. W.
M0RTO.\ E. CHASE, Correspondent.
BRANCH OFFICES — K7 Montgomery, corner of Clay, open
until f:30 o'clock. 300 Hayes, open until 9:30 o'clock; '633
McAllister, open mit!l S:30 o'clock. €15 Larkln, open until
8:30 o'clock. 1941 Mis-elon. open until 10 o'clock. 22€1 Market
corner Sixteenth, openf until S o'clock. 1098 Valencia, i opea
until 9 o'clock. 1C« Eleventh, open until* o'clock. NW. cor
ner Twenty-second sod Kentucky, open until 9 o'clock.
In all the wide fellowship of learning-every citizen of the Republic - of -Letters" will
grieve to know that a university which has promised; as much as -Stanford; and | has! so
far redeemed its'piromise so'grandjy; has suddenly.been averted frpmf its purpose, -aiidfap-.
pears ready to close its eyes to ; the. daylight of science and say, /^tisfnight.^,,^ .;..:;
reason. :. v -,:j ., .¦',./¦';, ¦ .; C- ' ¦¦/ ':,-¦'¦ ¦:¦.¦¦•¦].¦¦¦¦¦¦•'<¦;¦¦
"\ , Every issue that arises Jn ; the industrial andeconomic. life of a people is properly the
•subject of scientific analysis. It is known beyond dispute! that this, is not a chance world,
neither in its physical structure, and considered as a mass of matter, nor in the movements
of that humanity which" is the highest expression of creative. force.. When the illuminat
ing-orb of science rose, never, to set, dogmatism vanished like the night. Any such at
tempt as this to recall the shadows and bring night to replace the endless day of scientific
knowledge is of necessity abortive. No authority can bring back^the; immovable; world,
nor back of that the flat world, with its brazen firmament. Nor ; can dogmatism and re
action recall the conception of human society as a lawless body, moving erratically and
subject to varying moods and a fallible will that can, regardless of the fixed scheme
of nature, dictate r» premise and conclusion. The place of the sociologist in the world's
system ( of culture requires that he investigate the laws inherent in the social body and
demonstrate them. On its economic side the. utility of his work is the prevention of
waste of force in an expenditure on lines which uselessly oppose primordial law; ' Given
knowledge of that law, man economizes his force by moving on its lines, and the race
is bettered in all of its material conditions. .
We do.noVsay that it is always agreeable to man to know, his limitations. • The ces
sation of life is by virtue of law that none can repeal, but that knowledge of law/has not
made pleasant the certainty of death". The .knowledge of social law, while bringing
within the vision, apparent to the senses, a less terrifying prospect,, may also be disagree
able to those who feebly:despise limitations. But their fight. against the law is as vain as
would be a denial of the day by one who doses his eyes at the" meridian and says, "It is
AN unpleasant impression is made by the resignation of •Professor Ross from the fac
ulty of Stanford University. Under any circumstance^ the resignation of such a mart
from "a great university is a loss. But the special circumstances that appear in this
resignation make it more than a loss. Universities are institutions whTch not only impart 1
learning, but produce it by original investigation. "::•[*
Sociology, the special department of learning to which Professor Ross is devoted, is
still in its period of adolescence. It is not a completed scientific structure; composed of all
the ascertainable facts upon the subject. It is a growing -structure, into which much ma-|
terial may be wrought that is to be discarded when original investigation" has massed all
the data attainable. It may be said to be in the same condition as. chemistry at the period
of Lavoisier.
Professor Ross is among the foremost of the world's investigators in' sociology, and
possesses in a high degree the scientificspirit which is as ready to discard . the :~; useless as
to search for the useful among the great and unchangeable facts which it is the obligation
of the scientific man to discover and declare. To outlaw such a man from a university as
punishment for his occasional statement of conclusions reached "within, his- field of investi
gation is to inflict the greatest possible harm upon the institution itself. : \ .'*•
Human knowledge was long restrained'by this, policy. . No wise man ; blames the
old Egyptian monk, Cosmas Indicopleustes, , because, fourteen, hundred years ago. his
theory of the universe was incorrect. ;His elaborate system, which declared the world to
be a parallelogram, flat, surrounded by four.seas, and'on their outer edge a wall inclosing
the whole structure, with the firmament cemented to- its top, was" the best that man knew
then of cosmography. But wise men do blame -the later Christian .world for its inhospi
tality to the wider and truer knowledge of Bruno and Galileo, and ;the- Mahometan world
for its persecution of Averroes for the same offense 1 of original investigation. -
When it is known that science in a universityas under bonds':tq /'prejudice.', or. dog
matism, the usefulness. of that university is at an end and its' further existence ;is "without
J. A. SARGENT OF SANTA
CLARA, A POET-HIS FIRST
OFFENSE.
SARGENT OF SANTA CLARA
WRITES A POTATO POEM
Epic That Is Dedicated
to His Friend, Bob
Du Rose.
Effect of the Spirit of
Silas Wegg oti a Val
- ley Resident.
J. A.. Sargent, one of the wealthiest and
best-known residents of the Santa Clara
Valley, was recently seized with the spirit
of Silas Wegg aritl dropped into "werse."
His ;many .friends' say it couldn't well be
Vworse.".. His only effusion .was printed
at length In the Gilroy Gazette, under, the
heading of "ThelRape of the Potato." ' In
spite of any Intrinsic evidences of moral
turpitude that may be; detected in the
verse, ..Mr. 'Sargent.' Is 'a good fellow and
should not be frowned down upon by his
fellows. He may never again put a Mexi
can saddle on the back of an overworked
Pegasus and dig the golden spurs of
yo'uthful poetry into the beast. The epic,
dedicated to Bob Du Rose, follows:
There was a man who took a ride,
And near the road some spuds he spied.
Before him then a vision rose
That tickled the palate of Bob Du Rose.
To think was to act; to act was potatoes to sack.
And to town very soon he was on his way back.
Peterscn, on the hand-car passing by,
• -^ Chanced the empty hills to spy.
On he toiled, the livelong day,
Thinking who for the spuds must pay.
Patiently waited till work was, o'er,
Went to Jack White and made hisToar.
Jack, with- many, a knowing look/ * " -"j t~i »— ¦••»- •'-.-
Opened up a big law book; -- s .%;I T.i . : '
¦¦ Xn it Sftw now lie must 3ct f - *
And very soon the boy ..was sacked. f . *
The moral of this, you'll plainly see,
TakinR others' potatoes does not always agree. / -
SCIENCE flT STANFORD. ;
EDITORIAL
UTTERANCE
IN VARIETY
OMAHA BEE— With every resource for
ship building, there is no reason why we
should not develop the industry to as
large or larger proportions, than that of
the United Kingdom, to whlth It 13 a greut
souice of wealth. The probability is that
the bounty bill, which has been very care
fully drawn, will be passed early in tfca
session, as there Is no doubt a majority
In both the Senate and House that
. favors it. Vt /'
CHICAGO TIMES-HERALD-That tho
schoolhouse Is following the flag In tho
Philippines, as it Is in Cuba an* Porto
Kico. is already demonstrated in« educa
tional statistics embodied in a report to
the United States Commissioner of Edu
cation. As the army advances and fcesn
territory becomes pacified schools are- at
once ' established aivl regulated so far as
possible along the broad policy that gov
erns the American public school system.
CINCINNATI COMMERCIAL TRI
BUNE—Our farming population has given
us our greatest statesmen, our successful
Commanders, our distinguished ¦ business
men, our leading manufacturers, our busy
lawyers and trusted physicians. It is the
mainstay of our country, the healthful
source from which our cities and towns
draw their inhabitants. It is as essential
to America's national prosperity and pre
dominance as is the fountain to the river.
PITTSBURG DISPATCH— It Is a singu
lar illustration of the way in which the
general belief is sometimes in error that
statistics are produced showing the wide
spread idea that steam has displaced sail
cower in ocean transportation to be de
cidedly in error. The fact Is that sail
power now carries nearly half the world's
freights and a full half of the tonnage of
the vessels built last year was composed:
of sailing vessels.
ATLANTA CONSTITUTION-Will Mr.
McKinley, leading off in the nineteenth,
as Jefferson did in the eighteenth cen
tury, give the same- emphasis -to consti
tutional, local and" individual right? Will
he see to it that under our flag there is no
disqualified class; that the constitution of
the United States shall be tho supreme
law for the President and Congress as
well as for the mass of th» people? • By
making prominent and effective this fact
he can best answer the fears of the peopla
of tho United States. ..,. .
PHILADELPHIA NORTH AMERICAN
—Great Britain. Germany. Russia. And,
Franco have shown no let-up In the* In
crease of their artnaments. The United
States goes on piling up appropriations
for a larger navy and an army of 100,000
men. There was a lot of talk In the name
of humanity in war at The Hague about
explosive bullets and tho sanctity of pri
vate property, bat genius for tho whole
cale destruction of life is at a greater
premium all over tho world than over be
fore. •.¦..-¦• • - •
PITTSBURG DISPATCH— Franco ap
pears to b« coming through difficulties
which' have threatened for several years
to overwhelm her. The Dreyfus case and
the startling charges and changes
which came of it shook the na
tion to its foundations and disclosed
a division of sentiment and an in
tensity of political passion which mada
the world skeptical as to the French capa
city-for> self government.- It l» gratifying
in the highest dejrree* to"note that public
sentiment and affairs have taken a de
cided change for the better.
ST. LOUIS GLOBE-DEMOCRAT— TUero
is a fine field for Republican expansion In
the South. The policy of protection,
which has built up tho great Industrial
communities of the North and West,
grows more and more attractive ,to the
South as manufacturing extends through
that -locality. The time is close at hanrt
when Alabama. Georgia. North Carolina.
Tennessee, Kentucky and Louisiana will
be either doubtful or Republican In most
of ' the Important canvasses. A great
partisan revolution is close at hand In the
South, which will, be of immeasurable
benefit to that ssctlon. and be of profound
consequence to the entire couuntry.
BALTIMORE AMERICAN-It is need
less for any man or combination of men
to "say" "can't"" to the American people.
The republic knows no such word, as la
demonstrated by the record it has made
in meeting: and surmounting what seemed
to be' almost insuperable obstacles. The
whole " trans-Misslsslppl territory Is »
monument to its genius and Its capabili
ties _ for . redeeming waste 1 places a and
transforming- barbarism lat«x the. hf^he^t
type of <modern civilization: ..What. "a
young and struggling nation. -with in
adequate-resources; did in that territory,
the republic- .with- • Its later-day enter
prises -and boundless resources, can and
will do in the Philippines.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, NOVEMBER 15, 1900.
' An Insurance against strikes Is the latest Idea In Austria. A number- of
manufacturers have adopted the plan of paying, a. certain-. percentage upon
their respective payrolls Into a common fund. In the event of a strike- occur
ring In the works of one of them an investigation -/la made by a committee
representing the association, and If It is decided the strike was deda'red'imi
justly the idle factory la Indemnified from the fund. On the other hand. If
the committee finds the cause of the strikers just there Is no 'ndemnlty.
The influence of this organization should be good. Its direct effect will be
to cause workmen to ponder before ordering a strike for.doubtful grievances,
beause they cannot possibly win against an indemnified employer. The
equally potent indirect effect will be to. make ' the -manufacturer cautious
about resisting demands that are Just. The risk will not be merely the ne
cessity for supporting themselves through* the strike,- but of having" the moral
weight of an adverse decision of the committee against them.— Pittsburgh Dis
patch. '.'..' *• ¦ '' > /• • ; - \ ¦• ¦ , . ,•„. i^.-. rl ... ... .. ,,. <,
INSURANCE AGAINST STRIKES
6
i Cal. glace fruit 50c per IT> at TownaendTs.*
Special information supplied daily to
business houses and public men by tha
Press Clipping Bureau rAllen"«»>. 510 Mont-
gomery st. Telephone Main 10C. •
The Buffalo Bird Protective Society" <Je-
tenSs the English • sparrow; • ascrlWnar to
the- bird* the-dteappearance, In that vicin-
ity,- of -the canker . worm^ .? -. : .-: i %./ ¦;
New Overland Tourist Car Line.
Th» COLORADO MIDLAND RAILWAT will
rua'every Monday from Los Angeles at 10:20 j>-
m. and every Tuesday at « p. m. from San Fran-
Cisco, ar personally conducted through Pullman
tourist sleeper to Chicago, via the Rio Grands
"Western. Colorado Midland and . Burlington
routes. Salt Lake City and Denver la day-
llrht. For further Information address W • K
DAVENPORT. General Ajpent, San Francisco.
Nervous exhaustion and debility ar* the ef-
fects of- a trying; summer. DR. SIEOERT'S
Angostura Bitters feed the nerve cells and re-
•tore vitality. Y. -" - ¦¦
Alhambra — "A Toucc TVlfe." - •
Tivcll — "MJrnon."
California— Royal Marine Band of Italy.
Orrh'um— Vaudeville. .. - . .
Grand Orera-house— "Faust" i
AJcarar— "HU Absent Boy." -
Columbia— "The Ameer." •
Olympla, corner Mason and Eddy streets— Specialties.
Chutes. Zoo and Theater— Vaudeville every afternoon and
eveninj.
Fischer* *— Vaudeville.
Oakland Race Track— Races. • ¦
Turkish Ru^s— This <5ay. at 2 o'clock, at corner Geary and
Stockton streets.
AUCTION SALES.
. AVHAT I SAW IM THE FOR-
¦•'•'•.'-- ¦'• '-¦- - ••;• BIDDEN CITY.
BY FFED WEITZENBUEG.
' - ¦ A Californ'an was the first man to
W enter the Forbidden City, and he tells
¦ /t f { th«?st3ry far the Sunday Call of what
. . be saw. and found there.
-«. ' THE SACRED HRE WALK- •
TpU q ERS Of TAHITI.
I I I tj BY KATE McLENNON,
- '•*. JIM ' ' • •
Who b.3* spent most of her life among
. - the strange tribes of the South Seas.
-"^ . """¦" and te'Is of a people who walk bare
%ltt1/1ni7 -«¦ footed on re d*hot stones. .
JlUluaV _H— — if
. V.A INDIAN WHO GAVE AWAY
C 11 HIS ENTIRE FORTUNE AT
1 flli A POTLACH.
-'¦ ' ;'•••• - ¦ THE STRANGEST BEDROOM'
NOVEMBER THE IN SAN FRANCISCO.
'.EIGHTEENTH. _J ' • " ' - '
the Sunday cau: SWELLESt OPERA CLOAKS
l^ADS THEM ALL. IN THE CITY.
V THE STORY OF MOLLY BIG
* WB^Bg&fl&HB * R 1 1 r r A I II •
aRfaa3*r«fi * Uul I riLl/t
AMUSEMENTS.r .l <N -, . . .... • w , , . * .¦
; The" oldest dressmaker's blU'was found
In ; the-- ruins; of ;a ', temple ' of : the City of
Nlpur, '. and cannot be less, than 3700 : years
old-/ It ; the names of i ninety-two
vestments" given X* to * the temple byJ the
King of Babylonia. . . ¦
Asslenc« - Clothing -and Shoe Sale.
The' public Is taking advantage of the
sale, which is proving a bis success. Fine
all-wool men's suits worth $7 50 are sellliis
at $3 60" ladies'^$4 French kid; shoes $1 90.
All j other goods' in' proportion 'at ¦
ton' Shoo Company. 775 Market street :•.
, Sudden Death of an ex-Soldier.
¦William Cronin. a veteran of the civil
war, was found dead yesterday morning
by the bedmakcr of the What Cheer
House. Cronin was a laboring man, 57
years old 'and- a native of ' Ireland. • He
was of very intemperate habits, and It Is
believed that alcoholism was the cause of
his death. The body was taken to the
Morgue. _ _"¦ . ¦
Z.A.TB SITIPPING,INTEI/I.IGENCE.
% SAILED.
, Wednesday. November 14. '
Stmr vfr H Kruger/ Krog. Grays Harbor. .
Br stmr Robert AdamsoR. MorxanJ Nanalmo.
. DOMESTIC PORT. - V ,
ASTORIA-^Salled Nov 14-Br BhlpDeccan,
for Queenstown. . (
CBOWDED "HOUSE GREETS
NEtfr COMEDY AT ALCAZAR
"His Absent Boy" Meets Hearty Ap
proval of Audience on Its First
Appearance.-,
A. M. Palmer's thr*s-act; comedy, "His
Absent- Boy" was presented ; to an audi
ence that filled the Alcazar last night. The
plot affords sample opportunity for majny
funny^and^perplexing situations; and the
efforts : of the - characters to effectually
dispose of the "absent one , were provo
cative of great laughter., :•-.¦-¦; - .
Harry Braham made his first appear
ance as a member of the company and
greatly pleased the audience with his ren
dition > of the character/of the Father of
the Absent -Boy. * Howard IS Hall, Jack
Mackaye*was as usual a favorite. Juliet
Crosby put lots | of life into -the Character
of Nita Pennle and; made a hit with her
efforts to win a parental blessing on her,
union with rjack Mackaye. \ Mlss^ Ada
Lewis as a new woman' was a aeclded suc
cess and Marie Howe madethe character
of Mrs. Pennle popular.. ' ; "
HOTEL ARBIVAI/S.
J Jacobs. Sacto
Mrs Dlnkalage. N Y
E . Painter & w. Ala
J GOarfleW, Oakland
E C Smith. Pac Grove
W B Stansburgh. Mirji
C A Sutherland. ¦ Cal'-;
B Beach. N»w York.;
T Gilbert. Berkeley
C Ackerman. .»'h1
W G- Woods. Sacto
W M Atkinson U S N
Mrs Jonoa. .Nome
I W- Bronson. Se**tle
H J Pfiusrer. Fresno
C R Johnson. Richmnd
J B Coouer, Hot Sprng
Dr C 13- .Reed & w,
Petal'im V
F W Graavm. Redding
F L Zamniennan. Or
P H HeDDell, NT
G W ApDle; Holllater
H C Holmes. -Conn- . '¦'--.
F Kreamer. Now York
B A'Mexerve. 1» Ang
R G Simons. L Ang
O-'W.KIldreth. S Jose
T H- Richardson. &eatl
J H Moore. San Jose ¦ ,
W V -Allen. Clilco . '
J E Koeberle. L Ang
R A Si>ltser, San Jose
A Paulson & vr, H 1 -
Miss E McClatchy. Sac
E M Runyon. Portland
B S Miller.- Seattle
PALACE HOTEL.
W.B Bowman. S Jose
F H Yost. Stanford
D R Brenan. Cleveland
[ Standstrom; Nome '
W S Bay 11s, Fresno -*
E H Cox. Madera
F Short, Fresno
Mr & Mrs B B Bryan.
• Chicago ". •'
Mr &¦ Mrs R M Mc-
Kinnon. Wls ,
W R Bradshaw, Mo
H P Crouse. TTtlca
W A Voll. Utlca ¦
G M Esterly, N.York
S G Wright &-w. "N D
W Campbell, ' Boston •
F H Newton&w.Boston
F J Herthel Jr & w.
.-Boston - ..!;•
BIsb E R Gates. Portld
A J Frank, Boston .
C G McBrlde&w.S Jose
W W Waronler. Mo- •
Mrs M A Wltcox,' L. An
Mrs " W H Lfongstreet,
Los Angeles ,.• . , '
NEW WESTERN HOTEL.
J Day & w, Denver .
C F Seer & (am. Cal
W F. Andrews; N, Y-,
W D'Good. Seattle;-: :
AH Schaab, Seattle
L R Bailey, Cal
F L W Macdonald, Cal
C W MacDonald. Cal
J W,W. MacDonald. Cal
P, F Jansen, ; Aptos ' ,t
GRAND HOTEL. »
W A Alexander & w,
.San Jose ¦ •'
F \V Hp.nsneld & w.
Santa Cruz j
C T Latimer. Oakland
F . M M.«nson, Nevada
J Rowlands. Placervll
Mrs'R Mltchel.'Placrvl
G o: Kellogg. Eureka
W McGrath & w. Watv
SO Beach. Placervtllo
W G Lee. Cleveland
H W Earle. Stocktoi
J M McCUsh & w. Cal
L. W Walker, S Rosa
H 1/ Miller. St Louis .
G M Pock.- Stockton '"
W Maruire & w. Cal
J R Chace. Cayose
J D Bradley. • Merced
G 'C 'Wlmberley. | Texas
DrFH Magrofnn & w,
-San Bernardino ¦
0 W Schlnedl & w.
Stockton- ;
A. Barmann. Stockton
I'M- Ho'. man, Prtscott
D • H Van Herssen.
Johnstown
Mrs Smith., Belolt
C P Alien. Stanford
E A Smith Jr. Stanfrd
3 M Ilsley. Sacto .
1 W Conaut, Redding'
Dr Rowell. Berkeley
H R Patterson. Barkly
¦H R Fatterson. Be.-kly
F F Sutherland. Orovl
R H Reid, : Denver
DrCW Doyle. S Cruz i
Mrs-L, L. Baker. Ro»aV
P S Baker, Ross Valley
H R Baker, Ross Val
A. Just. New York
Mr & Mrs W. Babcock.
San Rafael \
0 E Never. Pa«o Robls
Mr & MrsShandfeldt,
Santa Cruz
W Brophy. Pa»o Robls
W Bhemmell. Colo Spr
C Klnnle. New York
S H Clark & w/ Mo
G Fletcher. Grass Val
F * A Hohn. 8anta Cruz
T F Newcora. Stanford
O B Perry. < Stanford ¦ ¦
F W.Stepheson. Oaklnd
A Bettens, Byron Spr
T Glldersleve, Stanford
W H Murphy, Stanford
ET Karl. T. Angeles
E Relter. Cleveland .
W R. Sullivan. -Aptos
H W • Thurlow. Seattle
Mrs C B Brown & dau,
Chicago. . •
Mrs Worley -Cal
J Palmer,', Gal
W Eilken, Cal -
; F Raab. Boston
8 B.Ballard.S Rosa
CHAPLAIN McKINNON ON
OUR NEW POSSESSIONS
He Will lecture at Metropolitan Tem
ple To-Night, on the Phil :
ippines. ,
Rev. W. D. ' McKinnon, chaplain
United States army, will lepture on the
condition of affairs in the Philippines at
Metropolitan Hall this evening. . The lec
ture promises to be one of the most-In
teresting of the season. No one is bet
ter qualified . than the eloquent' chaplain
to speak on < Philippine, affairs. He .has
spent two years on the Islands; : he was
there in the time of war and the time of
peace- he has traveled all over the archi
pelago and has mingled with. the differeni
classes of people. ' : • v ' *vS
The soil, the climate, the people, the
wonderful resources, the vast mineral
wealth, the prospects for investments,
all these topics will be discussed In th«
lecture As the chaplain will sail for
Manila oh Friday, all his old friends have
secured tickets and will be at the lecture
to give him a "send off."
In addition to the lecture there will also
be a literary and musical entertainment.
Two numbers of the programme will be
taken up b" Master Arnold Grazer, the
world-renowned dancer and singer.
Tickets are for sale at • Glldea s • cloth
ing store, corner Market street and Grant
avenue, and at the chaplain's residence,
1809 Rteiner, street.
The Funeral Corteg'e Escorted to the
Grave by Men Who Had
Served "With Him.
REMAINS OF CAPTAIN
1>OUGLASS INTERRED
The funeral of the late Captain William
Y. Douglass was held yesterday morning
from the family residence at 137 Beulah
street. Hundreds of friends thronged the
house. It was an affecting sight to see
the former comrades of the deceased file,
past the bier, turning as they did so their
tear-dlmmed eyes en the oold form ot
their former commander. Every man of
the escort detailed to attend the funeral
had been a member of the captain's com
pany before he retired. Beautiful floral
pieces were sent by. the friends of the
family and of the deceased; they literally
filled the room.
From the house the remains were taken
to St. Agnes Church, where a solemn high
requiem mass was celebrated, with Father
Thomas Curomerford as celebrant. Father
William Klrby master of ceremonies,
Father DollarJ sub-deacon and Father
Cottle, a life-long friend of the family,
deacon. From the church the remains
were taken to Holy Cross Cemetery,
where the interment took place.
The funeral cortege was headed by the
police band, followed by sixty-five police
men, commanded by Captain Wittman
and Lieutenant Birdsall. Chief of Police
Sullivan marched in the rear of his men,
accompanied by Captain Splllane and
Lieutenant Anderson. Following the po
lice force marched the Veteran Firemen,
of which the deceased had been a mem
ber. The veterans were commanded by
Sergeant Bunner. : .
Sergeants Campbell. Anderson, Cough
!ln, Bush, Burnett and Christiansen acted
as body-bearers, and the following acted
as honorary pallbearers: Chiefs Crowley
and Le«s and Captains Stone, Bohen and
Dunlevy, Lieutenant Harmon and.Detec
tive Hogan from the Police Department,
E. V. Freeland and Thomas Lord from the
Veteran Firemen and T. W. Bethel and M.
Murphy from the Police Widows' ami Or.
phans' Aid Society. r'v;
a.- *
one in death. The priest holds her in con
cealment, announcing her death, and so
contrives that the people's praise of Hero
reaches the ears of Claudio till his anger
Is changed to remorse. When the vil
lainy of Don John is disclosed Claudio
seeks restitution, and Is required to marry
a "copy of the child that's dead," said to
be the dauzhter of Leonato's brother.
When the mask is drawn another Hero
greets the amazed Claudio and the prob
lem of their union is solved by the priest.
Meanwhile Benedick and Beatrice are en
trapped into an acknowledgment of love,
and when Hero is vilely slandered they
unite in her defense. Finally the priest,
who performs the office of mediator in
the play, conducts the marriage rites also
in their behalf. Don John is taken in
flight and punished for his evil deeds. A
good conscience waits upon the faithful
constables.
The Dramatic Movement.
The dramatic action of the play, while
subordinate to the display of character. Is
still of sufficient Importance to warrant
clear statement. Three threads of inter
est constitute the weft of the plot. Don
Pedro, Leonato and the priest form one
group, the motive of whose action is to
promote the match of Claudio and Hero.
This movement begins with the exchange
of love looks by the bashful pair. The
suit is forwarded by Don Pedro and fa
vored by Leonato. Hero is a quiet, pas
sive type of character, of no great intel
lectual depth, simply made to be fond and
to be loved. Claudio is reported to be
brave, but is light and unstable. Pas
sivity and lightness in love provide the
opportunity, of villainy. From an emo
tional unificati6n* their part rapidly de
velops into contradiction and from con
tradiction to reconciliation.
The agent of conflict Is John, tne
brother of Pedro, who is stung to evil
acts by the social ostracism occasioned
by birth, hatred of a brother .better born
and circumstanced and jealousy of
Claudio, who seems to have usurped his
place He has surrounded himself with
other evil companions and together they
plan the separation of the lovers. Bvi
dences are, brought before Claudio that
go to prove the infidelity of Hero.
Claudio is wrought to a fury of shame
and Don Pedro, equally affected. Joins
with him to disgrace the innocent Hero.
At the very altar the woman 13 traduced
and cast off. But already the infamous
plot of John has been' discovered by cer
tain constables, too late to -prevent the
disruption of the pair, but in time to
establish the innocence of Hero. Recon
ciliation is then effected through a - de
vice of the priest to protect the honor of
Hero and td occasion the remorse of
Claudio. • The ethical balance Is re-
Stored by the repentance of Claudio—
which in Shakespeare represents the ef
fort of the soul to correct its evil— and by
the punishment of Don John, the source
of disturbance. The interest of this sec
ond group thus pertains to a set of
melancholy rogues crossed by honest
though stupid "Justicers." With these
two movements in linked a third, one that
is. essentially different from the others,
since it proceeds from contradiction to
union and needs to be coaxed instead of
thwarted. Hero and Claudio started
with a common emotion and tended
toward a deeper Intellectual / and moral
experience. Beatrice and Benedick start
on common Intellectual grounds and on
the same moral plane— they are both keen
of wit and their wit scorns the same ob
jects — and grow toward an emotional con
dition. The intellect Is slow to yield— it
must be tricked Into accepting the fact
of love. By the strategy of their com
panions at . first ¦ Benedick and then
Beatrice are forced unwillingly \t© admit
to themselves their secret love. 1 "Doth
not the appetite alter?" quoth Benedick,
trying to justify his weakness to him
self. And in secret Beatrice responds:
"Love on. I will requite thee. taming my
wild heart to thy loving hand." . Their
secret declarations of love prepare us for
their co-operation In defense. of Hero.
This strange new experience has clarified
their perceptions and Judgments. And
now. In spite of "the odd quirks and rem
nants of wit" broken upon them by their
companions, they are willing to "bind
their loves up in a holy hand." "I'll ten
thee what, prince." said Benedick, denot
ing his surrender, "a college of wlt
crackers cannot flout -me out of ray
humor." ¦- •'*.¦ ¦ ¦ . ,
The Features of Humor.
Three forms of humor mingle In the
play — the comedy of social .manner, the
comedy I of situation and - the , comedy of
character. The first form determines th*
atmosphere of the nlay. Don Pedro and
his companion lords have lust : returned
from ¦ the wars. In the Interval of t)»ace
and relaxation the serious mind Is hold in
abeyance and tests leap Into being. Every
one ;Is« Infected— the governor, the lovers,
the \- villains, .the. very- serving \women
coruscate with witticisms. , Beatrice and
Benedick stride fire at every word. Even
the passive Hero phows skill In repartee
UEon occasion. No ¦ moment is sacred.
Claudlo ts thought by Leonato to Jest at
the very altar;
Friar— You come hither, my lord, to marry
this lady?
Claudio— Xo.
Leonato— To be married to her: friar, you
come to marry her.
No one seems to be aware of the deeper
issues of life. Life depends upon the su
perficial word, and the word turns to dust
and ashes. For all this ado goes for
nothing. A witty world Is seen destroy
ing Itself. If sometimes tragic to Itself.
It is always comic to an observer. Com
edy makes quick use of such perverslnn*.
In an environment of superficial nothings
traeedy would be misplaced.
This social temper invites the comedy of
situations. Th? play proceeds through a
series of deceits and disclosures. Benedick
and Eeatrice deceive each other.
Claudlo deceives Benedick and re
veals his deception. Hero, deceives
Beatrice 1 and unmasks her secret.
Claudio and Hero in their turn are
tricked by Don John Into divorcement and
trapped by* the priest Into marriage. Then
Efon John is caught by Dogberry, who Is
so stupid that he deceives himself. The
whole play Is built thus upon deception
and falsehood. One character, and one
alone, moves in the play without delu
sions. That one Is Borachio. who sticks
close to the reality of "a thousand
ducats": he alor.e makes ado about some
thing. The very church connives at fraud
and is Itself the most fraudulent. Of
course, one is not. disposed to resent ths*
fact, remembering" that artifice is the llf#
of comedy. Tragedy deals with realities,
comedy only with appearances.
The constables being the only persons
In the play who do not practice disgul?e
Intentionally, but strive to render honest
account of their office, furnish the th!rd
humor — the comedy of character. And
they are comic in three respects— In the : r
appearance, thflr conduct and their lan
guage. Blustering Dogberry, puffed out
with ale until he displays a "pretty piece
of fle3h," needs only to be seen to h«
laughed at. He and his mates know well
what belongs to a watch— to offend no
man. drunkards to be left alone till thev
are sober, thieves to be permitted to steal
out of their company, to let a child cry at
night till it wakens its nurse. Dogberry
knows, too, what belongs to a Justice— to
write himself down an ass at every ques
tion. But their chief humor Is one of
speech. They, practice the ¦whole art of
Malapropism — the comedy of language ran
go no further. We learn from them that
"comparisons are odorous." Through some
stirpld blunder doubtless the watch suc
ceeded in "comprehending two auspicious
persons." These were properly "opln
ioned" and "condemned to everlasting re
demption." -It Is noteworthy that in
Shakespeare the comedy of character 13
conducted generally by the common peo
ple. The time seemed to have little "sus
pect" for such as Dogberry. To-day the
tables are turned: the noble Is more often
the clown and Dogberry the hero. Still
In the deeper things of the play Dogberry
has his recompense. Stupid as he is. he is
the only wise man among the company of
wits. " Leonato, the governor, or Pedro,
the Prince, were not able to discover what
Dogberry brought to light. This. too. be
comes a part of the comic Import of the
play.
Beatrice and Benedick display tn the
first part of the play a humor that 13
more satirical than natural, and springs
from intellect rather than from feeling-
It Is a. humor touched with bitterness,
and is appropriately termed in the pin-.*
'"shrewish." Benedick says of Beatrice:
"She speaks poniards, and every word
stabs." In the war of words Beatrice >s
generally the victor, her superior wit
furnishing indeed the ground of Bene
dick's admiration. They both rail against
each other and are "obstinate heretics" ia
respect of love and marriage. Said Bea
trice: "I had rather hear my dog bark
at a crow than a man swear he loves me."
And Benedick insists that he may some
time pale from anger, sickness or hunger,
but never from love. "If I do. hang m-a
in a bottle like a cat and shoot me." The
secret of their growing love Is. of course,
that at starting they have precisely the
same attitude toward life. What could be
more natural than for two misogam,lsts fa
agree to disagree in amity? They are uni
fied In a common scorn. Upon this plane
—a plane where they exhibit comt>leto
self-mastery— there Is no evidence of the
comedy of character. But as they sink
from this plane and become bewildered lti
the current of a new emotional experience
they become for a short time genuine
comic characters. Benedick at least— a
man Is usually more foolish In love than a
'woman— made a fool cf by Claudlo and
Don Pedro in the orchard, clearly inakoj
a fool of himself In the first encounter
with Beatrice after his conviction:
Beatrice — Against my will I am sent to bid
you come In to dinner.
Benedick— Fair Beatrice, I thank you for your
pairs.
¦Beatrice— I took no more pains for those
THIRTY SHAKESPEARE EVENINGS.
Story of the Play.
"Much Ado About' Nothing." being prl-
fliucn Aao adoui iNoining, Dems pri
marily a comedy of character and envi
ronment rather than a play of comic sit
uations, the story as a story Is compara
tively unimportant. It is a romance of
love Conducted by two sets of characters
and In which a third group intervenes. |
Don Pedro of Arragon. returning from
successful war, tarries at the house of
Leonato, Governor of Messina. In the
train' of the Prince appear two young no
bles—Claudlo. a lord of Florence, and Ben
edick, a lord of Padua, destined to be the
lovers of the play— and Don John, the
brother of Don Pedro, who takes the part
of villain and interrupts the course of
love. At Leonato's house his daughter
and nlecer Hero and Beatrice, are met
and Interviewed. Claudio is at once paired
with Hero and Benedick with Beatrice.
The problem of the play Is to unite the
two sets of lovers, but first to provide
sufficient opposition to create a dramatic
movement. Hero and Claudio are opposed
by Don John and his evil companions,
while Benedick and "Beatrice must over
come the opposition set up by their own
wills. Slandered by Don John. Hero is
cast off by Claudio aa they stand before
the priest for- marriage and swoons as
ture.
After this scene; in which Benediclt
proves he Is made of mortal stuff, the ut
terances of both the man and the woman
are softened, their wit is less sarcastic
and more like the spontaneous play of
perfected personality.
The wit of the other characters is illus
trative of the comedy of society rather
than of character and belongs to the play
as a whole. The main interest of the play
—the story of Hero— Inclines toward trag
edy.-although at no lime are the sympa
thies of an audience enlisted enough to
arouse the feeling of pathos). Indeed. th«
vacillations of Claudlo— particularly hi<*
easy repentance and acceptance of the
soft penalty of Leonato— partake of ths
nature of comedy. We know that through
whatever interference each ¦win arrive at
a comic conclusion. Another form of hu
mor appears In the, incongruous associa
tion of Italian lords and IngUsh watch
' Criticism.
"Much Ado About Nothing" representa"
almost the perfection of Shakespeare"*
comic genius. Other plays are eqnallv
comic In separate effects 1 , but In none '.3
the comedy of environment quite so pru
nounced and appropriate.
- «v. 0SCA R I* TRIGG3.
University of Chicago, Wsk
message?
Beatrice— Tea, just so much as you may take
upon a knife's point and choke a daw withal.
You have no stomach, aignior; fare you well.
Benedick— Ha! "Against my will I am sent
to bid you come In to dinner." There"* a <tou
ble meanlns In that. "I • took no more pains
for those thanks than you took pains to thank
me." That's as much to say. any pains that I
take for yon 1* aa easy as thanks. If I do not
take pity of her I am a villain; If I do not
love her I am a Jew. I will so get her pic-
THE LATE E. L. DAVENPORT
IN THE CHARACTER OF
BENEDICK.
thanks than you take pains to thank me; if
had been oalnful I would not hare come.
Benedick— You take pleasure, then. In t
the sociology department, speaks most
highly of Dr. Ross' ability as a educator
and says that It will be Impossible to find
Ills equal as a sociologist. "• - •. ¦
It Is -thought here that Mrs. Stanford's
dislike ¦ to Professor Ross was aroused
principally by the speech against coolie
labor, considering it a personal reflection
on Sanator Stanford's introduction or
Chinese labor while the Central Pacific
Railroad v/as being built.
TRUSTEES BAY THEY HAD *
NOTHING TO DO WITH IT
Only One Seems to 'Have Hit Upon
the Real K:ason "for Ross'
» Resignation. : ',^%i
The enforced resignation "of Professor
Ross from Stanford University has ere
* ,___. : ; $
* _ .s.
ated more of a sensation locally and* at
the University of California than anything
that has happened in many a day. Com
ing as it did without a bit of warning,
without the least preparatory intimation,
it took everybody by» surprise, none moro
so than the trustees of .Stanford. The
Call endeavored yesterday to interview
as many of them as could be reached. The
result, except in one or two cases, was not
satisfactory.
All of the trustees interviewed confessed
•5—- — r : — *•
STANFORD UNIVERSITY. Nov. 14.
—The announcement of Dr. Ross'
enforced resignation of his pro
fessorship in the department of
economics and sociology at Stan
ford University has caused universal
regret among both faculty and students
here. While it is not feared that more re
movals will follow yet the boasted free
dom of speech which hitherto existed' hero
and was considered as a part of wnafall
were wont to call the "Stanford t-pirit"
has received almost a deathblow.
The feeling existing among the oldct
members of the faculty — those who came
i to Stanford at the time Dr. Ross did—
j and lived with him through me "dark
j days" of the university, is undoubtedly
I very bitter.
I Among the students. the feeling is prob
', ably more open and t words of emphatic
j denunciation are heard 'on every hand.
; To-night Student Body President C. M.
Marrack is being urged to call a mass- i
meeting of the students to take what
action may be deemed expedient to retain
Dr. Rots among them.
j The views of the student body may bo
; presumed to be embodied in the. follow
ing statement issued this evening by C.
, M. Marrack, president of the associatea
¦ students:
i "The place Dr. Ross has gained in the
'hearts of Stanford sucents makes his
! resignation upon such grounds doubly ag
j gravating.' We have prided ourselves
! upon our atmosphere of >v tssterri nceQim
; and have felt that Dr. Koss represented
• this spirit of independence more than any
, man on the faculty with the exception of
! j->r. Joraan. tt« nus devoted nis nie to
' the stuay of social prODiems ana when h s
I is caileu.upon to place nimseii sciuarely
' upon one side of a quesLion it.is natural
i mat h« shuuiu qo so mthe true scienuiio
¦ spirit— witnout tear or tavor. It is me
j only way in which a scholar can iuinil
; his duty to the public."
I it is evident tnut the faculty and stu
! dents are together in the stand tor Dr.
Ross.
! Dr. Jordan was seen to-night and re
! quested to ma.Ke a further statement re
: garding Dr. lloss' resignation. ills word
! for the public, ne said, could lmy be a
i brief one. Mingled with love for his
; friend of almost a lifetime was a rever-
I ence for the woman who haa given her
! vast tortune for education, and whom he
i knows does not realize the full result of
! her act. He said he feels that airs.
i Stanford has made a mistake and he has
done all in his power to make her recon
! sider. She is obdurate in her belief luat
I Dr. Ross has been teaching a doctrine
1 that is false and not for the best intcr
! ests of the university. ,&
' How conscientious Mrs. Stanford is lir
her every act that will affect the univer
! sity. onlv those can realize who know her
! best. 1* he fact that she is prompted by
the best of motives only makes President
Jordan's position the more embarrass
ing. In this, the hour of greatest trial
'< for the -university as well as for himself,
i he is calm and reserved, yet thoroughly
grieved that the matter has excited such
widespread publicity. Here is what he
i "If the friends of the university could
but know all the elements in the case
they would not be quick to take sides,
nor to condemn either party. .They
would only feel deep regret that so wise,
able and loyal a teacher could not hold
the confidence of one to whom we all owe
fo much and who is as anxious to be
perfectly Just as any one can be.
"Regarding the story that there is fric
tion between Mrs. Stanford and myself,
there Is absolutely no truth in it."
Even with this statement it is evident
that Dr. Jordan has^not told the whole
story of the trouble. In fact, he says so
himself. Things that have been told him
in confidence, he says, he must keep.
There is the feeling that Mrs. Stanford—
1 sensitive and even petulant, though she
may be— is the mother of the university
and must not be offended.
For the man who has unintentionally
displeased her, Dr. Jordan has nothing
but the highest admiration and respect.
The students have flocked to Dr. Jordan
to see if anything can be done. His only
answer is that it is a matter of Mrs.
Stanford's personal feelings and that
they must bear it for her sake.
In th«* meantime Mrs. Stanford is in
France, gathering an Invaluable collection
of curios for the university museum, as
•well as rare volumes for the library.
She knows nothing of the furor which
the removal of Dr. Ross has created.
She only knows of him as Professor Ross
and probably would not know him by
sight. More than likely she does not
realize that the man she has dismissed is
of more than ordinary ability. With all
the above disadvantages Dr. Jordan has
to deal with a question of the most seri
ous importance to the university and act
! as pacificator between all concerned.
Several members of the faculty have ex
' Dressed themselves forcibly In reeard to
Mrs. Stanford's action. Professor How
ard, head of the department of history,
terms dismissal for such a reason as a
cauJ=e for the deepest erlef on the part of
all lovers of intellectual freedom.
Professor Mary Roberts Smith, also of
Only One of the Trustees Seems to Know the Reason
for Professor Ross' Enforced Resignation—He Says It
Was Because the Sociologist 'Talked Politics."
the rule laid down for the guidance of the
university. . : .
"It Is a hard and fast rule of the uni
versity that there shall riot be any politi
cal or religious questions discussed by the
faculty," said M». Upaulding. "It Is a
good rule, for if, religious and political
discussions' were allowed/the university
would be involved in endless quarrels and
be the subject for endless . criticism. It
would perhaps ruin the standing of the
university as S.n institution of learning.
. •; Professor Rosa is considered one of the
best men of the faculty and we shall re.
gret his loss.- But Professor Ross'is as
well acquainted with the rules as any one
and he should have obeyed; them. He
should not have allowed his socialistic
tendencies to stand In his own way. He
should have been content to confine his
instruction to the members of his classes
at the university. •- - ' • '
"The position' of trustee of the univer
sity is Only a nominal position ana I did
not know the exact offense that Professor
Ross had. been guilty of until I read the
papers. Mrs. Stanford attends to nearly
all of the executive work. She is particu
lar about the observance of all the rules
and any violation Is liable to bring down
her condemnation upon the head of the
offender." : "••-.«. • :
Trustee Leon Sloss- said in relation to
Professor Ross' resignation: "As one of
the trustees 1 cannot say anything, for
the reason that the board of trustees has
nothing whatever to do. with appointment*
or removals. By the provisions of the
trust deed Mrs. Stanford has the exclusive
control of the university, and if the trus
tees should do anything she would have
the right to override anything they did.
"In fact we are simply a board that is
to assume control after the demise of Mrs.
Stanford. Under the circumstances I can
not say anything, nor do 1 care to ex
press an opinion."
Professor H. W. Harkness of the Acad
emy of Sciences, another of the trustees,
said that -he had just returned to -the city •
and did. not know, anything of the merits
of the controversy Between Mrs. Stanfoid
and Professor Ross, but was of the be
lief that the expressed opinion of any of
the professors at the university would not
interfere with" their positions In the n»
stltution. - — e „-_.... . ...:¦
"Of course you know," he said, "that
the trustees have nothing whatever to do
with the appointment or dismissal or re
moval of any of the faculty. That' Is a
matter that belongs exclusively to Mrs.
Stanford during her lifetime. She, makes
the appointments with the advice of Preb
ldent Jordan.
"So far as there being any trouble be
tween Mrs. Stanford and Professor Jor
dan I believe that Is all bosh."
Trustee Henry L. Dodge deplored the
loss of Professor Ross and said he wished
that some way might be found to reta<n
him. his learning and skill as an educator
making it desirable to. have him in the
university. Mr: Dodge expressed the opin
ion that Professor Ross might have talked
too much and that It might not have been
agreeable- for Mrs. Stanford to have, any
one associated with her in the university
whose views were strongly opposed to
hers. That was a matter of taste. The
trustees, he-sald, had nothing to do with |
the dismissal of a professor or with his !
election. ¦
As to the general question ' concerning
the dismissal of a professor because h-s
views werfe freely expressed in public Mr.
Dodge said that he had not thought that
matter over and would not, like to talk
about it until he had. , , "¦¦' .
Trustee Joseph D. Grant satd that he
did not know any of the facts concerning
1 Professor Ross in connection with his de
parture from the Stanford University,
consequently he declined to express any
opinion about the matter. He said that
the trustees really had nothing to do with
the administration of the. university dur
ing the life of Mrs. Stanford.
SACRAMENTO, Nov. 14.-Frank Miller,
president of the national bank of D. O.
Mills & Co., one of the trustees of Stan
ford, was asked this evening for an ex
pression of opinion touching the action of
Sirs. Leland Stanford in forcing the resig
nation of Drj Edward Ross from the uni
versity faculty. Mr. Miller said that he
had not given the matter any attention
and had not read up on the subject of
Dr. Ross", resignation.: He added that
while he was one of thfe regents of the
university -the -regents were inactive dur
ing the lifetime of Mrs. Stanford and he
could not express an opinion on the sub
ject
SAN JOSE, Nov. 14.— S. F. Leib, a
number of the board of trustees of Stan
ford University, when questioned in re
gard to the resignation of Professor Ross,
said: "1 know nothing of, the details of
the matter and can make no statement.
I merely heard there was some dissatis
faction on the part of Mrs. Stanford in
regard to Professor. Ross, but paid no at
tention to it. as it was a. matter to be
settled between Dr. Jordan, Mrs. Stan
ford and Professor Ross. Dr. Jordan has
complete charge of everything at the uni
versity and If ne dismissed Professor Ross
at any one's request It must have been
at Mrs. Stanford's. The trustees were
not consulted, never Tield a meeting Jn re
gard to it, so far as I know, and the mat
ter was never discussed among them
selves." . ' ' - • . ,
Mr. Leib refused to express an opinion
in regard to Mrs. Stanford's action in the
matter. ¦ '.: " ;
DR. JORDAN BEWA'LS SITUATION
WHILE THE STUDENTS AND FACULTY
DEPLORE MRS. STANFORD'S ACTION
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL., THURSDAY, NOVEMBER 15, 1900.
MRS. JANE STANFORD, WHO
IS AT THE PRESENT TIME
f. IN FRANCE. .
MISS ELLEN TERRY AS BEAT
RICE IN "MUCH ADO ABOUT
NOTHING."
PRESIDENT DAVID STARR
JORDAN OF STANFORD UNI
VERSITY.
+ — : — *
that they considered they had nothing
whatever to do with the affairs of the uni
versity, understanding that only upon the
death of Mrs. Stanford would they assume
direction of affairs. Only one v of them
professed to know, enough about the case
o. Professor Ross to make a. clear state
ment. That, one is N. \V. Spaulding of
Oakland. He flatly charges the enforced
resignation of .the professor to dabbling
in politics— socialistic politics— contrary to
THE CALL'S
HOME STUDY CIRCLE
STORY OF "MUCH ADO ABOUT NOTHING."
Copyright, 1900, by Seymour Eaton.
7
««-»o-*-o-«-o-*-o-*-o-*-o-*-o-*-o-*-o-»-o*-o-* '
? ¦- ' «rvis» t I
? M Natural Mineral Water | j
? **Safc\ known far csnturles ond +
J A^OL ONLY IN BOTTLES. J j
? For Disordert d 3tcmach ? :
$ S^-T~.--~^ Il » *nluo Iins been tsstl- O
0 fSSia'aiJJ {i - a t0 to y thousands. ? i
1 VICHY So.called Vichy in Sy. £ j
phons J j
O %#&%&& 'S NOT VICHY. t i
? K^^S Get the Genuine. J {
5 Your physician O
a S* toWxIftij^ w111 recotnInend ll - ?
? k - TJRISB, DUtrftotl ig Igtni J ;
i
We will pay lit tc any ot* tebo cannot b*
cured with cne box of VERUS PILE CURE.
Price JS.
Over -000 cures. No claimant for reward.
"I am cure my case of piles was as bad ai
any ca*e could be. I had them nrteen years
and tried all sorts of remedies. I saw the
Verus Pile Cure advertised, bought a box, with
little hope of a cure. Imagine my surprim-
when five applications cured me. It Is the
best In the world. J. MORRISON,
"Salt Lake City. Utah." |
VERUS PILE CURE CO., Bo. 226, Wilson Dlocfc
Or Ellington Drug Co.. Agents, Los Aneeles.
Cal.
RUPTURE CUBED.
When we eay "rupture cured" we mean It.
for It Is a fact that during the past 20 jears
ZlR. PIERCE'S MAGNETIC ELASTIC .TUUSS
has CURED thousands of cases. Nothing else
1'ke It. Best retainer made. It does the work.
Investigate for yourself. E7"Cal! for "Book-
let Xo. 1," or send 2 cents In stamps. Ad-
"magnetic elastic truss co;,
«2O Market Street. San Francisco.
Or 114r» Broadway. New York City.
After- Theater Refreshments.
' The completeness of the arrangement*
made for your entertainment In the Sup-
per Room can be estimated when It Is
known that the attributes responsible for
the popularity of the Grill Rooms are In
evidence here. Dellchtful music, prompt
service, moderate charges. Open every
evening (Sundays excepted) from 9:S0 to
12 o'clock. Entrance from the court and
main office. .
Palace Hotel Supper Rooml
DR. GROSSMAN'S SPECIFIC MIXTURE
For the cure of GONORRHOEA. GLEETS,
STRICTURES and analogous complaints of the
Organs of Generation.
Price SI a bottle. F*or sale by druggists.
AMUSEMENTS.
CHUTES_and^OO
EVERT AFTERNOON AND EVENING:
TO-NIGHT ! TO-NIGHT 1
...•THE AMATEURS....
lN^
SPECIALTIES
— - AND
A LADIES' BILL-POSTING CONTEST.
Telephone for Beats, Park . 23.
RACING ! RACING ! RACING !
W0&-WINTER MEETING— 190L •
CALIFORNIA JOCKEY CLUB.
NOV. JD TO NOV. 17TH, INCLUSIVE.
OAKLAND RACETRACK.
Racing Monday, Tueiday. Wednesday. Thurs-
day. Friday and Saturday. Rain or shlna.
Five or more race* each day.
.Races start at ,2:15 p.. m._ sharp. .. .* .
Ferry-boats leave San Francisco at U m. ana
12:10, L l"-30, 2. 2:30 and 1 P- •m.. connecting
nith trains stopping at the entrance to tht
track. Last two cars on train reserved for
ladies and their escorts: no smoking. Buy your
ferry tickets to Shell Mound. All trains via
Oakland mole connect with San Pablo avenu*
electric cars at Seventh and Broadway, Oak-
Innd. Also all trains via Alameda mole con-
nect with San Pablo avenue car* at Fourteenth
and ! Broadway. Oakland.' These electric cars
co direct to the track In fifteen minutes.
Returning— Trains leave the track at 4:15 and '
i:U> p m. and immediately, after the last race.
THOMAS H. WILLIAMS JR., Fretldeat.
B. B. MILROT. Secretary .
Melba, Bauermeister. Homer; Ealeza, Com-
ranari. Pufrfche and Plancon.
Conductor gig. Mancinelli
To-morrow nlierht. "KLTING DUTCHMAN"
— Gadfkl. Olitzka. Dipr>e4. BlaES. Bars and
Conductor Mr. Walter Damrosch
Saturday matinee, ""LUCIA DI LAMMEIt-
MOOlf — Melba. BauermeiFter, Scottl, Bars.
Journet. Maslcro End Cremonlni.
Conductor Sim. Mancinelli
Faturlay evening. "LiOHENGntN"— Xordlca
and Schumann-Helnk; Van Dyck. Bispham.
Muhlmann and Ed. de Itc-szke.
Conductor Mr. Walter Damrosch
SPECIAI^-SITNDAV EVG— POPULAR NIGHT
"IL TROVATORE"— Nordic*. Van Cauteren
end Ohtzka; Campar.arl. Journet. Maslero and
Dlppel.
Price*, fi. $2. $3. Performances as complete
tn detail and ensemble as the retrular subscrip-
tion nights.
t NEXT WEEK.
Monday. "LA BOHEME"— Melba, Fritzl
Prheff ; Cremonlni, Camjianarl, GiMibert.Tournet.
Conductor SIk. Mancinelli
Tuesday "DON GIOVANNI"— Nordica. Fritz!
Fchert and Gadski; Ed. de Reezke, Saligoac.
Pini Corel, Joucnet and Ecottl.
Conductor SlB. Mancinelli
Wednesday. "KOMEO ET JULIETTE"— Mel-
ha Bridewell. Baucrmeister: Ed. de Reszke,
Fianccn, Bars. Slaes. Gillibert and Saleza.
Conductor Sis. Mancinelli
Thursday. "TANNHAtTSER"— Gadski. Olitr-
ka and Susan Strong; Van Dyck, Blaw, Bars,
Hubbenet, Muhlmann and David Bispham.
Conductor Mr. Walter Damrosch
Friday, "GLI UGONITTI"— Nordica. Olltia.
Bauermelster. Vim Cauteren and Suzanne
Aden-.*; Dippel. Plancon. Scotti. Bare and Ed.
de Reszke.
Conductor M. Flon
Saturday matinee, "LOHENGRIV-^Sadski
and Schumar.n-Helnk; Van Dyck. Bispham.
Muhlmann and Blass.
Conductor Mr. 'Walter Damrosch
Saturday evening. "FAUST"— Melba. Bauer-
melMer and Homer; • Balera, Campanari.
Dufriche and Ed! de Resike.
Conductor Sis-Manclnelll
Seats for next week ready to-day. Prices.
S2 to $7. General admission, 12.
WEBER PIANO USED.
MAURICE GRAU OPERA CO.
TO-NIGHT at 8 "FAUST"
M0SO5CO f 5 GRANJ OPERA-HOUSE.
ADVEBTI5EMENT8.
TELEPHONE GRANT 38.
222-224 SUITER ST.
Country buysrs should remember
that they are entitled to all "special
prices."
SPECIALREDUCTIONS
THURSDAY— FRIDAY— SATURDAY.
CLARET, reg. 50c, 35c 'pal-
A pood table wine. Warranted to keep
in bottle*.
SEEDED RAISIN;. Mb. pkg IOc
Reg. l2Vic. This season 1 e.
SARDINES, Frencv 3 tins 25c
Res. 10c tin. Xew Importation.
OLIVE Oil, g£ "i^ An^ 7 c c b r t
Thousands will testify as to its absolute
purity.
GARDEN PE/S. '5c
MALT WHISKY. 'Veins." 7fc6ot
Re-g;. Soc. A pure medicinal whisky.
TOILET PAPER. 5 pkts. 25c
"Milton" brand. Reg. 4 for 25c.
TCILET PAPER HOLDERS. 35c
Reg. 50c. Heavy nickel plated. \\ o
have holders from 15c up.
WHITE ENAMEL BOWLS-
B««t quality made.
Dlam. o-in. 6-ln. T-ln. 7H-ln.
Reg 15c 20c ISc SOc
.Vow 10c 15c 15c 20c
PECSNS, Mammo'h. 40c Ib
Paper shell: flrj>t of the reason.
COX'S GELATINE. R r 4 K c . IOc pltg
RDM pn P'n-R flafat lar * e : p
DUILCU U:U^n, r^ k . 40c bottle 3 «
rlgliC Special sale on "El Prado"
VlDA O and "La Devlna" continue*
lor the rest of thlst «-«ek.
*Tfi VOLI*
LAST WEEK OF GRAND OPERA.
TO-NIGHT! TO-NIGHT! TO-NIGHT!
MATINEE SATURDAY.
* /VIIGIN'O^ 1 .**
COUAMAT.IKI as MIGXON.
Triitj Erenia j. "CAVALLSHU" »nl "PAGtlACCI" j
6*ttrd»y Erecirg. "OTHELLO."
»BBd«y Viglt "CARMSK."
NEXT MOKDAT— Gala opening of the Comic j
Opera Season.
Stupendous Scenic Production of j
"the jolly musketeer." <
POPULAR PRICES 25c and 50c j
HEW SHOW '.JEW PEOPLE!;
ANNA BOYD, MIL AND MBS. DAN |
HIATT, WE J. HYNES, THE • i
DUNHAM FAMILY, JES-
SIE COUTHOUI.
KORAH BATES. PRELLE'S TALKING
IXKJS. DOLAX AND LESHARR.
Reserved Seat*. 25c; Balcony, 10c; Opera !
Cha'.rs and Box Seats. 50c. ;
Matinees Wednesday. Saturday and Sunday.
COLOMBIA
ALL THIS AND NEXT WEEK.
FRANK DANIELS
An-l His Entire K«« York Company In Hl» ;
Latest Comic Opera Succ«tis. ¦
THE AMEER
Mu5ic by Victor Herbert.
EVERT NIGHT. INCLUDING SUNDAT.
VATINEE SATURDAY. I
CONTINUED ENTHUSIASM
Ore«» Italy's Musical Sensation.
THE ROYAL oiBINfi BANi) OF ITALY
TO-NIGHT'S PROGRAilME.
1. March, '"Palme to Willow Grove" (Gia-
rir.nl>. 2. Overture. "Cleopatra." new (Mancl-
tc1!1). 1 Harp eolo. select ed, Siirnor Setaro.
4. "Ma>-pole Dance" <Tobanl). S. "lone." rrand
¦Ptecdea <Petre:ia>. solo* by Signort Di Giro-
lamo and De Tltta.
n.
1 March. "Erlde Elect" (Sousa). 7. Tenor
mrlt. selected. Slrnor GlannlnL 8. "Remlnls-
cenc»* of Scotland" 9. "Rlroletto."
Act IV rPrelude, Aria, Quartet. Finale). Si«-
ncrl Dl Girolamo. Palma, Creatore and De
Titta.
Usual Popular Prices ?5c, BOc and 25c.
JO.T ELLINGHOUEE. .Proprietor and Manager
PHONE SOUTH 770.
ANOTHER BLAZE Of GLORY
SUCCESS FOLLOWS SUCCESS!
Every Evening This Week.
: TO OUR LADT PATRONS: DON T •"
: MIES THIS SATURDAT MATINEE! :
Soeclal Attraction Offered.
The Popular Comedian
— FRANK TANNEHILL—
And His Excellent Company In the Great
Eastern Success
"A YOUNG WIFE!"
. A TRUX-T GREAT PERFORMANCE!
• Everybody's Verdict— Youne and Old.
Evening 15c. 25c. S5c. 50c and 75c
Mfitinee 15c. I5c. 3Sc and 50c
Next Sunday Afternoon — The World -Boater.
HOTT'S "A STRANGER IN NEW YORK."
First Time Ever at Popular Prices
ThSj A CYCLONE OF FON!
I*} 1 His Absent
Balance of Bovl
Week, J
Kext Week— Atjffostln Daly*» Charmlnr Comedy
THE RAILROAD OF LOVE.
OLYMF*IA £skizz£«
THE ONLY FREE VAUDEVILLE SHOW IN
THE CITY."
MABELIuDSON,
Pan Francisco' • Celebrated Song Bird.
HANLON AND SINGER,
Roman Rlns Expert*.
HENDERSON AND EVERS,
Comedy Sketch Tram.
AN'P OUR CELEBRATED STOCK COMPANY.
FF^CHFR' 5 ? CONCERT KOUSc.
Facet, Puerarl, Allesandronl. Iren« and
Beatrlc*. Harry Walton, the Morri*e«. Claire
Fts and second act of "Traviata."
- Beeenred re*te, *Ec. Ma.tlae« Sunday.
AMUSEMENTS.Given "Knockout" Drops and Robbed
Lorentz Iseman. a Rio Vista rancher,
claims that he was Riven - knock
out drops and robbed of $265 in
the saloon of Joe Anderson, at 330
Pacific -street, yesterday morning. The
bartender In the place, Nels Kgeldsen," Is
detained in the tanks by Detective Rich
ard Bell on suspicion of having committed
the crime.
MEETING IN INTEREST
OF COMMERCIAL MTJSITUM
Effort Made to Secure Co-operation of
Foreign Consuls in Further-
- ance of That Project.
A >hundred men prominent in the busi
ness life of San Francisco, and a number
of the consular officers representing for
eign countries here, met last night at the
Mark Hopkins Institute of Art in the in
terests of the Pacific Commercial Mu
seum. The purpose of the meeting was to
enlist the interest' of the foreign Consuls
in the promotion of the proposed museum
of commerce.
Irving M. Scott presided and explained
briefly the objects of the meeting..Presi
dent Benjamin Ide Wheeler spoke in be
haJf of the museum project. - -
Adolph Rosenthal, ¦• Consul : General for
Germany: epoke enthusiastically of the
future of commerce in the Pacific; but
Banner Presentation.
In the presence of a large number of
members of the Woodmen of the World
and of Women of Woodcraft in Union
Square Hall there was presented to Red
wood Circle of the Women of Woodcraft
a beautiful silk banner that was secured
for it by a number of the members of both
orders in appreciation of what the circle
has been doing in behalf of the fraternity.
The presentation was by W. G* Swein
hard of Redwood Camp, and the accept
ance by Mrs. Margaret Wilder on behalf
of the circle. During the evening there
was a musical programme and then a
collation and dancing.
Marvelous Growth of Y. M. C. A.
One of the most successful and aggres
sive Institutions In this city is the Youiij;
Men'e Christian Association, which has
had marvelous growth and development
during the past ten or twelve years. The
new buildlnf? of the Institution at the
northeast corner of Mason and EI113
streets is one of the- finest association
building* in the world. The direc
tors have decided to make a spe
cial department of the boys' work
and aa this branch has grown to
such an extent separate departments will
be fitted up for its accommodation. The
night school for men Is largely In advance
of any previous year In numbers and elfi
cie.ncy and the work has a strong hold
upon the community. Next year will be
the Jubilee year, as It will be fifty years
In June next since the first Young Men's
Christian Association was organized la
America. It Is hoped within the next year
that every dollar of indebtedness will bs
paid and the building in ban Francisco
dedicated. Three friends have started the
subscription list with amounts aggregat
ing {20,000.
A Kclentlrt niKtr.'ts that milk be used to «x
tir.cuieb the Camn of burnina; kerosene, be
ca.use "milk forma an emulsion with the oil,
w.-ich m&kea it accomplicn its object more
quickly." The best medicine to quickly cure
constipation, indigestion, dyvpepsla, bilious
ness or flatulency, la Hostetter a t-iomach Bit
ters. It is the only genuine stomach remedy, *
and has a record of over fifty years of cure*.
Try it also for malaria, fever and ague, and bd
convinced.
A New Fire-Extinguisher.
Immigration Bureau Appointments.
United States Immigration Commission
er Xorth has appointed In place of A. H.
Geffeney, resipned, Emil Engelcke as lrn
inisrrant lnt-pector. and Rev. R. L. Halsey
of Berkeley as Japanese interpreter, both
position* havinR b«?en filled by Mr. Oef
feney. Mr. Ha-lsey will not have a fixed
salary, but will be paid bv the day when
*>vrr called upon by the head of the bu
reau to art. The appointments are eub-
If-ct to confirmation by the Secretary of
the Treasury- ; ¦ • '•
Company D's annual ball, which will be
held at Native Sons' Hall to-morrow even
ing, will be one of the swellest functions
of the year. It will be a strictly evening
dress affair, and the committee In charge
Is sparing neither pains nor expense to
insure all who attend a most enjoyable
time. The hall is being tastefully deco
rated and many unique features will be
Introduced. ,
Company D's Ball.
Chamber of Commerce Meets.
The board of trustees of the Chamber
cf Commerce held a meeting Tuesday
afternoon. A committee was appointed
to meet with the naval authorities and
esk that a battleship instead of a cruiser
be named after California.
Thomas Tum\1U will have the exhibit
rf California fruit in Washington during
the coming Concessional session.
A committee was appointed to confer
with the State engineer at the Harbor
Commissioners' office on Thursday next
with a view of extending: the limits of
the wharves from 600 to W) and 1000 feet.
A committwe consisting of B. F. Macy
E. G. Luckens, John W. Stearns and
Charles C. Moore was appointed to meet
the California Mining- Association.
California's petroleum product, the mag
nitude of which is yet to be estimated, is
in great danger of being gobbled up by the
Standard Oil Company. For some time
California producers have been aware of
efforts on the part of the Standard rep
resentatives to acquire control of oil pro
ducing property, but the latest phase in
the situation, and one which Is causing
some little concern, is the statement that
Mr. Rockefeller's people/ will not content
themselves with the acquisition of such
land as they are able to secute from indi
vidual owners-rthey want the Southern
Pacific's vast stretch of petroleum terri
tory, and it is said they have already got
hold of a generous lump of it.
So carefully and dexterously has the
work been going on that the shrewd rail
road officials are forced to adm t that not
once did they surmise that the many little
sales and leases made by the company to
individuals of late were. In fact, transac
tions that would eventually mean Stand
ard Oil control.
The Southern Pacific officials have been
cognizant of the fact that the Standard
Oil Company had turned its ever reaching
hand in this direction, but the possiblllty
that the company would strike out for
everything in sight evidently was never
seriously considered.
"It is a fact." said General Manager
Julius Kruttschnitt last evening, "that we
have been leasing a vast amount of land
to Individuals of late, but there was no
understanding with any of these parties
that the property had been taken in the
interests of outsiders. In most cases the
understanding is that the lersees shd.l
work the land for themselves.
< "Of course, it Ie barely possible that the
acquiring of our land may have been ac
complished in the Interest* of the Stand
ard Oil, but aimltting that Is so, the
Southern Pacific still retains a goodly per
centage of the product, ao it don't seem
to me that the Standard people can have
a monopoly of the product in California,
for a while yet anyway.
"No proposition or overture hag been
made to the Southern Pacific by the
Standard Oil Company In no far an I am
aware. A short time ago we leased two
small pieces of land, one at Bakersfleld
and the other at McKlttrick, the under
standing being that the land was to be
used solely for the accommodation of
some tanks for storage purposes It is
possible that these two transactions may
have been the means of spreading the re
port that we were about to nell our oil
land to the Standard people.
"For some time we have been using pe
troleum as a fuel for our engines In place
of coal. It has given such good satisfac
tion that seventy engines are now using
the oil. and the intention Is to eventually
adopt petroleum altogether for fuel pur
poses. In view of this fact it would be
folly for the Southern Pacific to dispose
of its oil lands, for In my opinion the
Standard Oil Company could not sell it
cheaper than we could produce if our
selves."
It is stated that the activity on the part
of the Standard people is likely to result
in stirring up the Southern Pacific to a
realization that a system is needed for
marketing the product. It will also mean
the exercising of greater care by the com
pany with regard to leasing new pieces of
property. It is safe to say the company
will make sure in future that would-be
purchasers are not agents of the Standard
Oil.
Railroad men say it is hardly likely that
the Southern Pacific would ¦ attempt to
marketthe product,' since it is 'a railroad
corporation, not an oil producer, and this
argument adds strength to the story that
the Standard Oil has discovered a rich
field here, which It proposes to ' work pro
vided the desired amount of territory can
be secured. ¦ .
Individual Leases .Are Said
to Be in Interest of "
Rockefeller.
TRUST AIMS
TO CONTROL
said aid could he given by the Consuls
only In a general way.
"While we all . favor the project," Mr.
Rosenthal said, "the position of most of
us will not permit of our acting as a com
mittee to further Its objects, nor even as
members of the museum. In the main we
can render only such general assistance
as our duty to our home governments will
ajlow."
'Charles Nelson, president of the Cham
ber of Commerce; A. A. Watkins, presi
dent of the Board of Trade; A. Sbarboro.
W. C. Pickersgill. the briti?h Consul; Eli
T. Sheppard and Professor George Davd
son made short speeches on the possibili
ties of the museum.
Rufus P. Jennings offered tne following
resolution, which was unanimously
adopted:
Resolved, That the changed conditions In the
Pacific within the past few years give unmis
takable evidence that the Pnciflc Ocean is to
be the field of a vast increase of. the com
merce between the nations of the earth. And.
fully believing In the benefits which will ac
crue to all by fostering and spreading knowl
edge of the resources and trade relations of the
countries of the Pacific; be it further
¦ Resolved, That the establishment of institu
tions having for their object the distribution
of commercial and Industrial knowledge of for
eign countries should receive the hearty sup
port of mercantile communities and municipal
and State governments; and be it further
Resolved, By the officers and members of the
Pacific Commercial Museum In this meeting as
sembled, that the attention of the foreign Gov
ernments through their Consuls resident in
San Francisco is cordially invited to the es
tablishment of the Pacific Commercial Museum
and to Its objects and alms, which are designed
to be reciprocal, with the expression of the
hope that the friendly relations now existing
between the United States and the foreign
countries so represented may be made closer
by the establishment of this commercial ln-
Ftltution. and by its distribution ot trade in
formation that the Interchange of .the pro
ducts of the respective countries with the
United States may be greatly Increased. *
Razors were flying In the air at the resi
dence of Charles Tull, 207 Natoma street,
about S o'clock last night. Tull. who is
the colored cook on. the collier Progreso,
wielded the razor, and William H. Wal
dorf, who is apparently the star boarder
during Tull's absence, looks as if a thresh
ing machine had passed over his coun
tenance. It took about two hours' steady
work on the part of Drs. Starr and Bos
kowitz at the Receiving Hospital to patch
up his injuries.
Tull was formerly the janitor of the Ma
sonic Temple, but he lost his position some
time ago. He says he gets home about
two nights In every fifteen days, and does
not know where Waldorf rooms in the
meanwhile. Tull was shaving himself last
night and called his 8-year-old pon to get
him a clean towel. The son called his
father a bad name, and the father pro
ceeded to chastise the youngster.
Mrs. Tull cried murder, called for Wal
dorf and tried to save the child. Tull
says that Waldorf grabbed an iron shelf
bracket and belabored him over the head
with it. Tull responded with the razor,
which after the fracas looked like a profile
map of the Sierra Nevada Mountains.
Waldorf's face was a sight to see. The
end of his nose was clipped off, his left
ear was hanging on by a small piece of
skin, his lips were cut, his eyes were dam
aged and his hands ¦were almost sliced
into mincemeat. Waldorf was game, how
ever, and when Policemen Carney and
Morrissey. attracted by Mrs. Tull's cries,
came on the scene Waldorf, bleeding from
almost Qvery pore, coolly stooped down,
picked up the clipped-off frontispiece of
hi? nose, put It in a piece of newspaper
and took it with him to the Receiving
Hospital.
Waldorf wanted it pasted on . somehow,
but TuTl's razor had done its work too
well to permit of its being replaced. Drs.
Starr and Boskowitz wanted to resort'to
skin grafting, but no one except Tull was
of the proper complexion to permit of a
thorough color scheme. Tull refused to
yield up his epidermis for the benefit of
his late adversary.
Tull says Waldorf is a bad man. and
that he does not know what Waldorf was
doing around his house, especially when
he was at home.
Tull has a couple of scalp wounds and
ie rocked up charged with assault to mur
der. The razor with which he carved
Waldorf's face and which Is booked as
evidence against him is as full of holts
and nicks as an overgrown buzz-saw.
Colored Men Fight With
Old-Fashioned Handy
Weapon.
CLIPPED END OF
A RIVAL'S NOSE
Detective Ed Gibson is seeking to locate
the murderer. It is Gibson's opinion that
Ton has not left town, but that he is hid
ing: somewhere in Chinatown. Thp tong
to which he belongs is poor and will not
contribute funds to aid him in his escape.
On account of this the police are confident
that he will soon be placed behind the
bars.
Tong Ton was formerly a servant, and
is known to many of the police. Every
train and every boat that leave the city is
being watchod. and there Is Uttle chance
of his escaping Into the Interior. /'
CHASED HIS WIFE WITH
A LOADED REVOLVER
William Erben, an Old Bartender,
Arrested on a Charge of Threats
to Kill. ,
William Erben. an old bartender, has
bc-tn sr-jiarated from his wife for three
or foiir years and Finee then she has been
supporting herself by. doing washing for
families. He has been arrested on more
thsn one occasion for annoying her. He
would watch for her until she left the
place where Fhe had been working and
then compel her to give up the money she
had tamed.
Mrs. Erben lives at 237 Hickory avenue,
and Thursday *he had been washing at
the residence of Otto Schinker. a grocer on
l'otrero avenue. Erben was watching out-
Ride for her and when she made her ap
iMrarjtn<-e he chased her a few blocks until
Policeman C. W. Brown came in sight.
After rearing Mrs. Erben's story he
searched Erben and found a revolver in
his pocket with chamber loaded. He
HI booked on a charge of carrying a con
cealed weapon. Yesterday morning he ap
peared before Acting Police Judge Barry
and the case was continued untlll to
morrow.
Mrs. Erben swore to a complaint charg
ing him with threats to kill, and he was
booked on the charge. She said that last
Friday he met her and told her that he
had written a letter to the Coroner that
h* had killed tur and then killed himself,
und that would be the result In a few
da vs. She paid she was satisfied that he
intended to k;M her Tuesday night.
THE PRINCIPALS IN THE LATEST TRAGEDY THAT HAS ADDED
ONE MORE TO THE LONG LIST OF DEATHS BY VIOLENCE IN
CHINATOWN. • .
The pospips in and around the "Wen
ban." a fashionable boarding house at
the corner r>f Suttcr and Mason streets,
have been luxuriating in all sorts of tales
spropos of the wild screams with which
Mrs. Robert Hamilton managed to rouse
the retidonts lute on Monday night. There
are all sorts of rumors afloat as to the
caufe cf the fearful cries, but beyond the
fact that the lady screamed for help the
deepest mystery surrounds the case.
Mrs. Hamilton refuses to be seen. Ham
ilton refuses to answer any questions.
Arthur, the elevator boy, who was
cne at the tlr*=t to rush to the Hamilton
a^artintrit!', talks little and mysteriously,
but ui the few words he does uttt-r inti-
Biaf? an sorts "1 awful things. Mrs. Km
mor>, Use lady in chaige of the Wenban,
is lue oniy one who will make a state
nuiii. ana ehe insists Mrs.. Hamilton
t-citiimvd because she was
When *he discovered her hut band in her
»o<,in.
¦•WlK'n I heard screams. " said Arthur,
the colored olevator boy, "I rushed to the
rcom. Hamilton was standing to one side
vfiy much excited, and that is all I can
teli. for ii 1 say more 1 will lose my job."
X«rs. Emnviiis. the manager of the Wen
han. said that yn Monday night she was
ciin-a to tne Hamilton apartments by
ti,e elevator boy. "1 got out of bed." said
Mis. Kminons. "and went at once to Mrs.
Hamilton. I opened the door with my
r>;:j-s k«-> , but found no disturbance what
t>«.»v*r. Thf: fact of the matter is, Mrs.
xinrrhiU'ii was dozing on the lounge and
vlien her husband came into the room
*fc« was suddenly startled and in her
(right she screamed."
!.< s:d. s agitating the puests of the Wen-
Is n the mysterious screams caused un
v.fual excitement in the adjoining boarding
houses and sine* Monday night they
formed a fruitful source for all sorts of
eos?ij»-
Boarding-House Gossips Place All
Sorts of Construction Upon
the Alarming Occur
rence.
Mystery Surrounds Mrs.
Hamilton's Awiul Cries
for Help
WILD SCREAMS
AROUSE GUESTS
Killing of Din Gun, the Last of Three Crimes, in Which
Blackmailing, Robbery and Vicious, Jealous Love Take
Up the Bloody Work of the Highbinder Hatchetman.
A CARNIVAL of crime has opened
in Chinatown. .This time the
squabbling of tongs has not incit
ed the highbinders to murder, but
robbery, blackmail and jealous
love have brought miserable deaths to
weak women and aged men. The latest
tragedy, the slaying of Din Gun, a young
woman, by her lover, Tong Ton, was ono
of the most heartless cases of butchering
that has come to the attention of the
police since the murder of Yick Yon on
Stockton street two years ago.
The unfortunate woman's assassin
wielded his hatchet with all the vicious
ness of Oriental barbarity. His work was
deliberate. After driving the sharp blade
into each temple he hacked at his vic
tim's skull until the gaping wounds be
came countless, and the room where his
d«-ed was done rt-scmbled shambles.
In the early part of the struggle and be
fore the helpless creature's strength failed
her, she sought to protect herself against
the onslaugnt of heavy blows. She raised
her arms ai'd the blade of the weapon cut
long gashes in them. She was left to die,
but t»f lore the murderer departed from tne
scene he raised the bloody head and
placed a pillow under it. Into a pool of
blood he tossed the, hatchet and then made
his escape.
At the beginning of the season the con
tinuation of hignbinder wars* was pre
dicted. Instead, the police soon found
they had to combat with a different ele
ment. Two weeks ago a woman was shot
because she would not pay tribute to a
blackmailer. 'Last Saturaay night an aged
cobbler was found hacked to pieces In the
rear of his shop. A woman had owed him
money and he pressed a settlement. The
debtor's lover sought to obliterate the
debt by resorting to a foul crime.
Karly yesterday morning Din Gun was
killed. She occupied rooms adjoining
those cf her lover. The latter had been
in China for nearly a year and during his
absence had found new affections which
caused him to discard the woman he so
heartlessly killed. There was a long quar
rel in the rooms at 62 Spofford alley before
the crime was committed. Angry voices
were heard by other occupants of the
house. Then came the piercing screams
of the woman, after which Tong Ton was
seen to hurriedly leave the house.
The first persons on the scene were Po
licemen Allen Frary and Al Holmes and
Special Policemen George and James
Downey and Gus Finn. The door of the
room was locked and they were obl'ged to
break it down. When they entered the
woman was unconscious. She died an
hour after she had been removed to the
hospTtal.
YEAR'S DEATH LIST IN CHINATOWN
BEING SWELLED BY THE MURDER
OF YOUNG WOMEN AND AGED MEN
STEAMER OLGA
TO BE LIBELED
Ship- Owners' Company an
Spreckels Company Ask
for $175,000.
Her.
The troubles of the German steamei
Olga did not end when she was towed ofl
the ocean beach early on the morning oi
the 9th inst. She came in with a list tc
starboard and enough water was seeping
in through strained rivet holes to keep tht
pumps going, but nevertheless she wa;
••still in the ring" and her cargo of suga
was not damaged to* any great extent.
When the United States District Court
opens to-day A. B. Spreckels. as agent
for the Spreckels Towboat Company, and
the Ship-Owners' and Merchants' Towboat
Company, will, through his attorney
Nathan H. Frank, libel the vessel and
cargo for $175,000 salvage. The owners
of the Olga will have to. put up bonds tc
cover the amount claimed.
This libel suit is one of the largest evei
brought. It Is generally considered • by
seafaring men and those acquainted with
the nature of the beach on which the
vessel was stranded, that the vessel was
very fortunate in being taken off and
therefore the figure is not too large.
Tugs Assisted
Assert That Big Tramp Would Havi
Been a Total Loss Had Not
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, NOVEMBER 1 5, 1900.
8
' - OdEAN TRAVEX.
STEAMERS WILL. LEAVE WHARF. COR-
ner First and Brannan streets, at" 1 p. m..
for YOKOHAMA and HONGKONG, calling at
Kobe (Hlogo), Nasasakl and Shanghai, ana
connecting at Honsrkons with steamers for In-
dia, etc. No cartco received on board on day
of saliinsr.
SS. NIPPON MARC i m \JJ,
Thursday. December*. 19fO
SS. "AMERICA MARV &••££
--, Saturday. December 29, 1900
v^. Via Honolulu.
Round-trip tickets at reduced rates. For
freight and passage apply at company's office.
421 Market street, corner of First.
W. H. AVERT. General Agent.
BAY ANT) RIVER STEAMERS.
FOR U. S. NAVY YARD AND VALLEJO.
Steamer "Monticelle."
MON.. Tues., Wed., Thurs. and Sat. at 9:43
a. m.. 3:15, 8:30 p. m. (ex. Thurs. night); Fri-
days, 1 p. m. and S:30: Sundays. 10:31) a. m., 8
p. m. Landing and office. Mission-street Dock.
Pier No. 2. Telephone Main 150S.
FAItn •.-•50c
RAILROAD TRAVEL.
CALlFOR^ORTifw?STERN^YTca
LESSEE.
SAN FRANCISCO AND NURTH PACIFIC
RAILWAY COMPANY.
TIBURON FERRT— FOOT OF MARKET ST.
San Francisco to San Rafael.
WEEK DATS— 7:30. 9:C0, 11:00 a. m.; U:t5, 1:90,
6:10, 6:S0 p. m. Thursday*— Extra trip at 11:*)
p. m. Saturdays— Extra tries at 1:80 asd
11:30 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 8:00. 9:30. 11:00 a. m- : 1:30. 1:30. J.00,
6:20 p. m.
San Rafael to San Francisco.
WEEK DATS— 8:10. 7:50. 9:20. 11:10 a. m.; 12:4«,
1:40. 5:10 p. m. Saturdays— Kxtra trips at 1:W
and 6:S5 p. m.
BUNDATS-8:10. 9:40. U:10 a. m.: 1:40, 1:40. 1:05,
6:23 p. m. ' .
Between San Francisco and Bchuetien Park.
same schedule an above.
Leave 1 In Effect I Arrtv«
Ban Francisco. | >*o>-. 7. 1900. | Ban Frandico.
Week I Sun- J I Sun- I Week
Days. [ days. | Destination. | days. | Days.
7:30 am 8:00 am Novato, 10:40 am S:40 am
9:30 pm 9:30 am Petaluma. 6:09 pm 10:23 am
6:10 pm 6:00 pm Santa Rota. 7:35 pm »:22 pm
< Fulton.
1:30 am Windsor. 10:15 am
Healdsburg,
Lytton.
Geyservllle,
1:30 pm 8:00 am Cloverdale. | 7:35 pm «:22 pm
7:30 ami I Hopland I I
I 8:00 am| and Uklah. | 7:35 pm[ 6:23 ptn
7:30 ami 10:» am
(8:00 am Ouernevllle. 7:35 pm
»:30 pm| «:» prn
7:30 am 8:00 am Sonoma 9:15 am! 8:4<)ani !
and
6:10 pm 6:00 pm Glen Ellen. 6:05 pmf <:22 pm ;
7:30 ami 8:00 ami 110:40 am)10:23 am j
3:30 pmf 5:00 pm[ Sebastopol. | 7:35 pm, «:22 pm '
StHges connect at Santa Rosa for Mark West '
Eprlnjcs and White Sulphur Sprlnfrs; at Fulton
for Altrurla: at Lytton for Lytton Springs: at
Geyservllle for Skaggs Springs; at Cloverdala
for the G?ysers; ' at Hopland for Duncan •
Springs. Highland Springs, Kelseyvllle. Carlf i
bad Springs, Soda Bay, Lakeport and Bartlett '
Springs; at Uklah for Vichy Springs. Saratoga
Spring, Blue Lakes. Laurel Dell Lak*. Witter
Eprlngs, _ Upper Lake. Porno, Potter VaJler. t
John Day's, Riverside. Lierley's. Bucknell's. ¦
Eanhedrin Heights. Hullvllle. Orr's Hot Springs,
Mendoclno City, Fort Bragg. Westport. UssJ, '
Wlllets. Laytonvile, CummlngB. Bell's Spring*.
Harris. OI»ens. Dyer. Scotia and Eureka.
' Saturday to Monday round-trip tickets at ra- i
duced rates.
On Sundays. eJ':nd-trlp tickets to all point!
beyond San R^-'jC:* at. half rates.
Ticket, office, O» Market St.. Chronicle build- !
Inz. . R. X. RYAN, I
H. C. •nTHITIKCS. Gen. Pass. Agt-
Gen. Manager. !
NORTH PACinC COAST RAILROAD.
Via Sausallto Ferry.
FROM SAN FRANCISCO TO MILL VALLET
AND SAN RAFAEL-.- *•*-=•»
EXTRA TRIPS— For Mill Valley and Saa
?r a da^at O 9:00 M a O nTir35 p We m ne " day8 " d Bat '
Trains marked <•) run to San' Quentln.^
F «OM S AN RAFAEL to SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— 5:25. *«:30. 7:45, 9:30 a, ra
•12:30. 1:45. »3:S0. 4:30, 5:20 p. ra
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays. Wednesday*
and Saturdays at «:45 and 10:20 p. m.
, SUNDAYS- 6:20. »8:00. •10:00. *ll:i5 a. m_
I "1:40, •a:U.'4:«S. *«:30 p. m.
Trains marked <•) start from San Quentin.
FROM MILL VALLET TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DATS-5:45. 8:45. 7:55. 9:30 a. i.1
12:»5. 2:10. 3:39 L 4:54. 5:20 p. m. • *
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays. Wednesdays
' »nd Saturdays at 7:10 and 10:20 p. m. -
SUNDAYS— 8:05. 10:06 a. m.. 12:06. 2:15. 3:30,
6:00. 6:45 p. m. .
THROUGH TRAINS.
8:55 a, m. week days— Cazadero and war sta-
tions. •
1:45 p. m. Saturdays — Tomalee and way sta-
tions. ,
¦ 8:00 a. m. Sundays— Tormles and war st»-
, tton«» - „
tvfOUNT TAMALPAIS RAILWAY
Leaves San Francisco, via Sausallto Ferry:
WEEK DATS. ...9:15 a. m.: 1:43 and 4:00 p. m.
SUNDAYS. .....8:00. 10:00. 11:30 antl 1:15 p. m.
Fare, . San Francisco to Summit and Return.
$t 40.'
NEW TAVERN OF TAMALPAIS NOW OPEN.
Ticket offices, 621 Market ¦ st., Sausallto Ferry.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Restored
TO ITS NATURAL COLOR WITHOUT THE
use of a dye, and without the slightest In-
convenience.
l^SwFFK
Mr*. Nettie Harmon 1 * ?? JL*.l-*.£m.«
Latest Portrait.
To all who purchase a bottle of Mrs. Nettle
Harrison's 4-day Hair Restorer, a single treat-
ment will bo given FREE. One treatment is
nufflclent to give the hair Its natural color.
4-DAY HAIR RESTORER
Is not a dye, leaves no sediment or stickiness,
and ran be used without fear of after effects.
It Is cleanly to use. and restores grey or faded
hair to Its natural color and gives it. the -bril-
liancy and luster of youth. One Dollar a bottle.
LOLA MONTtZ CREME,
the great 8 kln food tissue builder and beau ti-
ller. My own clear complexion and healthy Bkln
Is due to Its use. 75 cents.
FREE TRIAL POT
Ladies out of town sending this ad. and 10c in
stamps, will receive my book of Instructions
and a trial pot ,of Lola Montez Creme, and a
box of face powder FREE.
SUPERFLUPUS
EJ A I D That Sreateat of all dii-
fg IA 3 F\ flgnrementi of a wo-
, j .-tT* * ¦ ¦ ¦¦ man's face, permanently
removed, in the only snoceitfal way
—with the ELECTRIC NEED LE, aa
operated by Mrs. Harrison.
Warts, Freckle*," Moles, Pimples
and Wrinkles quickly removed under
tny personal treatment at my Der-
matological Parlors.
MRS. NETTIE HARRISON
Dermatologist*
78 and 80 GEARY STREET,
, SAN " FRANCISCO.
The pure and whoeswie side
WHITE COTTOLENE
has to be kept continually before
you, but the other side — the
dAicou\ appending side — de-i
serves just as much praise. \
Food shortened or fried in
WHITE COTTOLENE
is going to be g?od to eat.
ffi <Ci?) The N.K.Falrbank Company,
1 t a Chlrtfo- Sole JlJLiraf»cturer«.
*3«^S^*^ £ "¦— L1 - A Public becrpt."
?s'<*-C^«?3 r.»iiili*d frw to any addrenn. For
at*j^rSygjr, rn*i<fitamp we will free our
*t*K&*&rw£. '-'< i>»(re nr-ipp book. "Home
WW iitPyfe; !lc:?».- «K3ii«l by iln-. Kcrrr.
f*H^ BOTTLE CURES
/ MCBURNEY'S
/v • cw ivianey cure
>^A *yv ¦*¦ thorougrh care tor
te^ " | pains In the back,
L k BRICHrS DISEASE,
,^^v 24 r /^ female trouble*. Incon-
tinence of urine, brick dnst deposits, bed*
wetting of children, trravel, Kail stones,
dropf y. diabetes, and rheumatism.
Thousande endorse iL Write for taetimo-
nlalt Price J1.6D. AIlDrujreisU. i
W. F. McBarney. Bole Manufacturer,
<ib South Spring El., Los Angeles, CaJL
:
flit. HALL'S KEIN YiaORATOEWSng
Flv« hun&Tti reward fcr any |KnH
c^ft we cannot cure. This secret VM ¦¦
rtmedy stops all locias In 24 hours, I ¦
cirff Emlf-tionr. Irnpotency. Varl- ¦¦¦ WBSA
ccc*le Gonorrhoea, Gleet. Fits n"fl ffWl
Sti-lctufMi. L.:.ft Manhood and all LmJ L^JJ
vaet'.r.jr effects cf telf-abuce or I
excesset. Sect tealed. tt bottle; t !¦¦¦¦¦
bcttlee. $S: raaranterd to care any case. Ad-
«i»™ HALL'S MEDICAL 1KSTITUTK. 856
r-roiow»». Oakland. Cal. Also for e»le at lVTihi
Market at.. 6. F. All private dliease* quickly
cured. 6end for free book,
OCEAN TRAVEL.
Pacific Coast Steamship Co.
'. Steamers leave Broadway
hfr . wharf, tjan Francisco:
BSjaw^ For Alaskan Ports — 11 a. m.,
nSSTCta^ Nov. 17, 22, 27. Dec. 2. Chansre
MMfwPlfc t0 company's steamers nt Se-
¦¦WIlsiH 'Br^ For Victoria, Vancouver tB.
fl^oKZjMSaMI C). I'nrt Townsend. Seattle,
I^^M HH Tacoma, Bverett. Anacortes
TtBn antl |YVV ' (Wash.)—
11 a. m.. Nov. 17. 22, 27. Dec. 2
and every fifth day thereafter. Change at Se-
attle for this company's steamers for Alaska
and G. X. Ry. : at Seattle or Tacoma to N. P.
Ry.; at Vancouver to C. P. Ry.
For Eureka, Humboldt Hay— 2 p. m., Nov.
19. 24, 29, Dec. 4, and every fifth day there-
after.
for San Di«to. stopping only at Santa Bar-
bara, Port Los Angeles and Redondo (L<os An-
gelts)— Steamer Queen. Wednesdays. 9 a. m.j
steamer Santa Rosa. Sundays, 9 a. m.
For Santa Cruz. Monterey. San Simeon. Cayu-
cos. Port Harford (San Lulu Oblspo>. Gavtota.
Santa Barbara, Ventura, Huensme. San Pedro,
East Sfin Pedro (Los Angeles) and Newport-
Steamer Corona, Fridays. 9 a. m. ; steamer
Bor Ita. Tuesdays, 9 a.m.
For Ensenadav Masrdalena Bay. Pan Jose del
Cabo. Maxatlan. Altata, La. Paz. Santa Rosalia
and Guaymaii (Ilex.) — 10 a. m.. 7th each month.
For further information obtain company's
foUlers.
The company reserves the right to chanjro
steamers, sailing dates and hours of sailing
without ¦ previous notice.
TICKKT OKFICK-4 New Montgomery
Street (Palace Hotel).
GOODALL, PERKINS & CO.. Gen. ARP.its.
' 10 Market Pt.. San Francisco.
*, iTHiO.'Si lTCu\
, DISPATCH FAST STEAMERS TO " d
:f» o :r. t Hj -a. 2sr r>
From 6p>!ar-street -Wharf tat 10 a. m.
CADE £l2 First Class Including Berth
InnL $8 Second Class and Meals.
COLUMBIA sails..... 1 Nov 24. Dec 4
GEO. V*'. ELDER sails ;Nov. 19. 29
Short Line to Walla Walla, Spokane, Butte,
Helena' and all points in the Northwest.
Through tickets to all points East.
E. C. WARD. General Asrent.
630 Market st.
AMERICAN LINE.
HEW YORK. SOUTHAMPTON. LONDON. PARI3.
Stopping at Cherbourg, westbound.*
From New York Every Wednesday ,'10 a. m.
New York ¦'.....-. Nov. 21. New York Dec. 12
St. Paul Nov. 28 St. Paul Dec. 19
St. Louis Dec 5 St. Louis Dec. 26
RED STAR LINE.
New York and Antwerp.
From New York Every Wednesday, 12 noon.
Westernland ....Nov 21 Friesland Dec 12
Kensington ..'..Nov. 28 Southwark Dec 19
Noordland Dec 5 Wcsternland ...Dec. 26 !
For freight and passage apply to ¦ '
INTERNATIONAL NAVIGATION CO '
30 Montgomery st. . ¦ Or any ot its agents.
AAAJtnlA C C af*A HAWA «> SAMOA, NEW
UlCUlIlt O.d.VU. ?"UND a»o SYDNEY,
' - ¦ - DIRECf LINE to TAHITI
SS. MARIPOSA. for Honolulu, Samoa, New
': Zealand and: Australia....
'-¦...........Wednesday, November ii, V'p! m !
SS. ZEALANDIA (Honolulu only) ..........
................Monday. December 3,2 n' m
SS. AUSTRALIA, for Tahiti
• • • • • .Tuesday, December *4. 4 p' m
J< D> S c P ffi L J£ l%. M i' l i!M l!ht ***• M3 KarWSt
Freight Offica, 327 Hartet St., Pier Ho. ?, pacific St.
COMPAQNIB QENERALE- TRANBATLANTIQUE '
DIRECT LINE TO/ HAVRE-PARIS. -^»»^'
Sailing every Thursday. Insteart of
Saturday, from November 2. 1S09, at Trwrlt V
10 a.- m... from Pier «, . North River, foot of
Morton street. "*¦ First-class . to ; Havre. J55 and
upward. Second-class to Havre. $42 50 and ud-
ward. GENERAL AGENCY FOR UNITED
STATES and CANADA. 32 Broadway. (Hudson
building); New 'York. J.F. FUGAZI & CO.,
Pacific Coast Agents, 5 Montgomery avenue,
San Francisco.
RAILROAD TRAVEL.
HODTHX8X rAt'iriV COHfiilT.
(PACirio nrsTtiO
Trains !*¦!»»»• nwtl arc iln* la nrrl *• at
V4.N I'IUN€M«:O.
(Main Line, root of Market Street.)
Isatb — From November 7. 1900. — aurit*
*7iOOa BenicU. .Suiauo. Ehnirv V*c»»lUe.
Kumar? »ud Oicr^uiento *7:l3r
*?>OUa Sbuta Express— Davis, WiUUnu (for
BarUett Sprisss). Willows. Rei
Bluff, Portlmud. *7:4.1p
**:!IH( Martinez. S»n Ramon. V*U«-jo. S»p».
e»lict'-g»»mtM»ot» Rom ••:l.>r
•SiOOa D»tU, Woodlaad. Knijhti LaoJlnj. ¦
Mu-v-Mille, oroiiili* *7:43r
•¦iiOUi AtUatic IC i press— Ogden and R&si -3:l.%p
•»t«<»i Ifiles. Urenaor*. Timer. Lathrop.
Stockton *7tl3r
•»i3o» San Joae, LlTenaore. Htocktou.
lone. Haerameuto, PUetrrriUs,
M»r»«Tllle. Chlco. Ue<t KluIT MilSp
•4ititt O»kdalr, Chinese. Sooora. Ca/ters... *-t: l.lr
•«:••»« Hajwsr.la. Nilr« and W»» .Station*. •! 1:«5»
•5«iOO a Los Angeles Express — Martinez,
Tnejr, Lathrop. Stockton. Merced
Frem>o and Los Angeles *7:13p
•9i3Oa VkllrJ... MarUnesaua WaySUtloa* *!ti»r
•IU:»u. The O*erlsDil Limited— Ogdeo. Den-
»er, Omaha. Chlcaga '•:!'?
•11:00a Ml.*. Stockton. Maeramento, Men-
dota. Fresno. Hanford. Vlsalla,
Pcrterillle Mj13»
•11:OOa UrennoK, Saoger. Go«hea Juc«-
tion, BakarsSeld. Los Angeles
1 1 :<>»» p Sacramento Uiter Stevnters t3:00 ¦»
*3:«Or Hajwards, Niles aud Way buttons. *3t43r
•l:««»r Martinez. Sail lUiaoti, Tallejo,
Nairn. (,'«li«t,,rf». *».it» Itosm •Uil3t
•li»Or Benida. Winters, Baerantenko.
Woodland*. K nights Landing,
Marjstllle. Orotllle *I«:49a
MsXOr Harwards. Mies and .San .lone t*' **a
•5rOOp NUes. Llrermore and Stockton *IO:I3*
«Ss«Or tJacaet limited. El Pa«>, New
' Otleaosand Kasl <1«:13a
•3:O«rTha Owl Limited— Tracy, fresno.
Hikcrsflel J. Haugns for santa Bar-
bara, Los AnVHles. >... *lO>ISa
M:O»r New OrUan* Kxpr««s— Kakenflvld.
.Simt» lUrliara, Los Angeles. Dem* » .
Inf. XI Puo, New Orleans and
Eaat *7i4»»
•O:oor Harwiwda, Niles and Sao Jose *7i4.t a
i«i««r Vallejo ......I 1 :4-»»
•t>io»r oriental Mall— OgdeD. Chejenne.
Omaha, Chicago 'S.-ISr
*«]00p Oriental Mail— Ogden. Denver,
O.-naha. Chlsaco. ". MilSp
•7:»Or Ori-umi aa<l California Expmu.Ma«>
rMi.rnl,,. -•Maryoillo. ItatMlllg,
Pfirtluuil. Pnget Hound am] Kast *8s43a
•HiO.tp8an Pablo, Purt Cost*. Manioc*
and W»» Stations „... > 11>49a
t»iO3p Vallcjo 'llrtit
COAST DlftHlOa (Nnrron i;«»,.).
(Foot of Market Street.)
••tl»ANew»rk.Ceiitiwtllle..Sao.lo»i»,F<ilton,
Boulder Crcek.Sauta Crux and Way
MUUona '8:ln r
tat l.lr Newark C«nter*II]e. San Jose New
Alxnaden, Friton, Itoulder Creek,
8auU Cms ami Principal War
Sutlotis 1 1 ">¦¦»'•«
•1«I5p Newark. Han Joa<*. Loa Oatna •Si.itti
«ll>43p Hanten' Exocislon. Saa Joa* and
Way SUOoaa jit***
CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
tnmlll rauClSCO—n.t »r Iirkit Strnl (SU> I)—
•7:1S • »:0O 11:00a.m. |1:33 »a:03 t3;S3
*i:C3 15:13 *8:C0r.M.
Fmid 04IL1HB — 'lit •rBruddj.— *fl:00 8:00 10:00t.M.
t!2:03 -1:03 ta:03 »3:C3 t«:53 *8:03r.ii.
COAST UlilSIOS (Hroa4«aHKe).
Qhlr.l and Townneti.l 3H.)
tOiIOa Ocean View. South Han Francisco.. fflialTp
*7iOUa .San Jose ami Way SUtloiis <Ne«
Aluiaden Wednendaiionty) •Ii3t»p
• U.uo, Han J<Me. Trea Pluoe. Hanta Cms.
r*rilic tlr..»e. Pun Ituhlem. Has
I.uU Oblapo. Surf. Louipoc aud
rriiicliu] Way Buttons *4ll0r
•IMi4Aa Ban Joso and Way Stations *liUt
¦I lt3»A Han Jose aud Way Station. •SiSVp
|9t4»p Sau Mateo. ltedwowi. Menlo Park.
Palo Alto. Santa Clara. San Joae.
; Tree Pinos. Hauta Crux, SaUnaa,
Monterey and Pact Bo Grove flOiltMA
fftiXOp San Jose and Way Stattona *7i8Op
tl:!5p flan Joae ami Principal Way buttons *t»:!3*
tatOttr San Joee, Los Gatos and Principal
Way Station* f1>:O«i
•3i3Or San Jose and Prlndp%! Wsy Stations *»;3Sa
•O::i«r San Jose anil Way Station* f!*:O(>A
qlli<3p9an Jose and Way Sutlong »7iSOp
A for Morning. P (or Afternoon.
•D*lly. t H»»<!ar azcepted. J Soaday only.
g Mondays, Wednesdays. Fridaji.
t Tuesdays, Thursdays. Sunday*.
« Saturday* onlj^
Santa Fe
Trains— o a »y
LeaT« Markit-itreet Terry Depot.
Lre. San Franclsoo.l 9:00 a ml4:10 p m| 8:00 P »
: Ait. Stockton 12:30 P m 7.15 P m 1 "" » ™
; " Merced 2A2 p m iiwiS
" Fresno 4:» p m « : « • »
" Vlnalla 1:00 p m } •» » "•
" Tulare e:22 p m »:W.» m
•• Hanford 8:S3 p m J : «iS
- •• Bakersfleld ... »:5O p m T- 30 * m
•• Denver 10:00 a m — ~"~ ""
" Kansas City... 5:15 p aa
" Chicago 7:40 a m
i a. m. train Is the Overland Szpreas. Corr«-
¦pondtng train arrives at 6 p. m. dally.
4:13 p. m. Is Stockton LocaL Correspond ta>
train arrives 11:05 a. m. daily.
1 8:00 p. m. is Fresno and Bakersfleld Express.
i with Sleeping Car* (or both cities. Correspond-
ing train arrives at S a- m. dally.
OFFICES— *41 Market st. and In Ferry D«po**
r>n_ Francisco; 1118 Broad-way. Oakland.
a Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary.
<*2£5 IKEJaaarjr *X. Kstabllaned
in 1S34 tor tae treatment oi Private
Diseases, Lost Manhood Debility or
idlaeaaepyearlngoubodyandmlnaand
skin Diseases. The doctorcareawbeu
others fall. Try him. Charge, iow
< <irp.KQar»nierl, Callorwrltt*.
Or. J. *¦- ufBROS. Uox lS37.San KraacUce
THE WEEKLY CALL
$1 pep Yeap.
ADVEETISEMENTS.
SICK HEAOAOHi
Voomvel? onred f*y tbese
Idttle Pills.
They also r»!ieve Distress from Dyspcqtta,
tndlgestloa and Too Hearty Eating. A per.
feck xexntdy tor Dizziness, Nausea, Drowsi-
ness, Bad Taste In the Mouth, Coated Tongi*
Pain In the Side, TORPID LIVER. Thcj
Regulate the Bowels. Purely Vegetable.
Small Pill. Small Dose.
Sroal! Price*
TO THE fUBLIC!
RAN FIi ANCISCO. Oct.
(.. ISjO. — To whom It may
BBP'S^^&t concern: This Is to certify
W*-> Y that DU. WO.VG HIM of
Yy3*5?? I 115-117 Mason street, San
U/ AJl I Francisco, has clired me
5totf2o J of kidney, trouble and
fantr^* / rheumatism airl I am
A^ happy to make this state-
jiSltsi /^ >SJ^V rn ' nt - as r finJ thp Doctor
TftT*S^y-<«W\V* Ktrlctly hon " 5 » In every
?lM.Jjf^fvjlV^a* f,en»f> of the word and an
¦^w.*^&>ui3\~^*- honorable man in all his
dealings. DK. C. A. GAY, Dentist, 902 Second
*v... Seattle, W»»h.,
PINOLE. June 23. 1SS9.— I take' this me,ans of
expressing my thanks to Dr. Wong: Him. 115-
117 Mason street. San Francisco, for' having
cured me of kidney, womb trouble and cancer
of the stomach. 1 was a great sufferer for 16
years and found no permanent relief until I
tried Dr. Wonr Him and In six months' time
he has cured me. Any person wishing me to
certify this can find me.
MK5. GEORGE BETZ.
Pinole, Contra Costa County. Cal.
S. F., December t. 18M. — Dr. Wong: Him. 115-
117 Mason St., S. F., Cal.— Dear Sir: For the
benefit of others I wish to make a statement of
my case, which was heart trouble. After treat-
Ing with six eminent physicians my case was
pronounced Incurable. Hearing of Dr. Wong
Him and his wonderful cures. I decided to try
hln herb treatment. He did all he claimed, and
after treating six months I am now well and
strong. Yours, respeetfullyy.
MRS. BARLOW, 1027 Mission St.. S. F.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
¦ — — — ¦ @m§ ,111m ~~ "~
aEra ixsw*i_»vl?y ' " **
SpecialBargains
LADIES; GOLF SUITS, in castor, tans and QJP fjfj
grays, value for $20.00, will be sold at , OIJi UU
200 LADIES' BLACK AND COLORED SILK
WAISTS (manufacturers' samples) will be closed out
at one-third less than regular prices.
-LADIES' GOLF SKIRTS, value for $2.50, 01 QC
will be offered at .....^..«« \J\uL\)
'LADIES' GOLF SKIRTS, in navy blue and dark
value for $4.50; will be sold at.. —•-, QQ Cf\
...^.i OuiJU
**"* ; .1
1000 yards NAVY BLUE SERGE, value for $1.00, F rtp
will be sold at...- •- ''JUll
5000 yards SELESIA will be sold at.. . •. Q| p
UiU DnILliO6uUi
1146 MARKET STREET.WITNESSES AND PRINCIPALS
IN THE INQUIRY INTO JEN
NIE McKOWN' S DEATH.
Fire Board Is Purg-ed.
The citation directing the Fire Commis
sioners to' show cause .why | they should
not be punished for contempt -for refusing
to award the horseshoeing contract to J.
F Kennedy, the lowest bidder, was: dis
missed by Judge Hebbard yesterday. At
torney Costello, who represents the Com
missioners, announced, that the board had
held a. meeting and formally awarded the
contract -to Kennedy. On this statement
the citation was dismissed.
male* should not fail to see the $125
real sealskin Jackets which Berwln, A
Gassrier are showing this season. 5j They,
are a gem and. cannot be duplicated any
where in the world. Berwin & Qassner.
110 Kearny: street. " • •
$125 Sealskin Jackets.
"While we lay at anchor that day three
native boys swam out to us. They had
belonged to Matrke's gang and escaped by
a miracle. All of them had been cut and
wounded In the melee, but they got Into
the bush and hid there until we came
along. «. .
"One of the boys told n»e the story of
the massacre as follows: .
"'Some of the men^vere down at the
beach and some were asleep. Chief Rew
and one of his men came along and
wanted to trade some native money for
some cloth.*
"In order to understand what follow?,
said Captain Macco, "you must remember
that In the New Hebrides. Solomon
group and New Guinea all the money is. a
species of shell, which Is strung on cocoa
nut fiber. As much as a man can stretch
"On August 29 last." said Captain Macco
yesterday, "we were heading for Komuli,
one of our stations in the Admiralty
group. As we made port I was surprised
to see three canoes laden with men mak
ing off to the southward. I was Btill more
surprised to find that when we came wltn
ln range a hall of bullets began to , pour
down on us. The natives had secured
guns from somewhere and were firing at
us from the brush. We have a little 4
pounder aboard, and when I got that to
work the natives tsoon scattered.
"As soon as the firing ceased I got a
boat and went aahore. It did not take
long to f how me that the station had been
looted and that H. Matzke, the agent, and
ten of his boys, brought from the Caro
lines, had been killed and eaten. The
pots were still on the fire and simmering
In them were various parts of the human
body. The devils had evidently beeq pre
paring for a wind-up feast when we sur
prised them. The guns with which they
nred at us were stolen from the traders
house.
The firm of Hernsheim & Co. have over
thirty trading stations In the Southern
Seas, and fully half of them are located
on Islands where the natives are all can
nibals. On several occasions Captain
Macco and his men ran narrow escapes,
while the vessel bears the marks "of the
troubles she was in. The foresail and
mainsail are riddled with bullets: the rail
forward is splintered from contact with a
Mauser bullet; two bullet holes are In the
deok and the engineer's room 1» perfor
ated.
"The engineer had a narrow escape one
day. , He was firing away at the natives
who were throwing spears and shooting
arrows, when he ran short of ammunition
Just as he stepped out of his room a shot
crashed through the . roof . and ; went
through the seat where he had * been git
ting. All's well that ends fairly well;
however, and we'll give the cannibals an
other rub next spring."
"At Matty. Island, in the Solomons we
met with a warm reception. We sent a
supercargo and two traders ashore, and
only landed a firing party in time to save
them, from the pot. Wei were met with a
ehower of spears, but when I opened un
on them with my Winchester they were
scared to death. A firearm had never been
heard on Matty Island before, and when
their men began to drop one by one they
were alarmed. Then after each report
when they saw a man with a gaping
wound in his body and blood flowing they
got scared and fled to the hills In a body'
We established trading station there
but some day the trader may meet the
same fate as Mr. Matzke.
"My crew of eighteen are nearly all
from the islands of New Britain and New
Ireland, while a few are from New
Quinea. Every, one of them has dined on
human flesh, but they are terribly afraid
of a gun. We carry an arsenal of twelve
Mauser rifles, six Krag-Jorgensons, twelve
Winchesters and six revolvers. Every one
Is loaded and ready for use.
"When I found out how my country
man had been killed and eaten I went
ashore with my little gun and all my men
and we drove the natives to the hills and
set fire to their village. Then I went back
to Kusai and reported to the captain of
the German sloop-of-war Seeadler. He at
once got up steam and together we went
back to Komuli. The natives fled into the
Interior, but we destroyed eighty villages
killed about 160 of the inhabitants and'
took twenty prisoners. The prisoners are
now working on a breakwater in German
New Guinea.
with his arms extended Is worth so mucn
In trade. Now, when Chief Rew wanted
to trade with Matzke he offered him a'
string of native money. As 6oon as
Matzke spread out his arms to measure
the stun", the native who accompanied
the chief struck him on the back of the
neck and knocked him senseless. He was
dispatched in a few minutes by the war
riors, who lay In waiting. Then the
massacre began.
With a cannibal crew and utorles of nar
row escapes from the man-eaters of New
Britain and New Ireland, the gasoline
Fchooner Mascotte came into port late
Tuesday night. The vessel made a fair
run from Kusai. in the Carolines, but
Captain Ma ceo, having no charts of the
entrance, had to take a pilot. Captain
Fred Mathieson picked up the «mall craft
and brought her nafely to an anchorage
cJT Alca-traz.
The Mascotte was built here by Mathew
Turner two years ago for Hernsheim &
Co. of Hamburg and was engined by the
fnlon Gas Engine Company. She has
be«n In censtant service ever since and
now returns to San Francisco for an over
hauling. ' "-'¦'•"
Gasoline Schooner Mascotte Arrives in Port With Crew Almost
Entirely Composed of Man-Eaters— Killing of Matzke.
were heard by Judge Bahrs yesterday and
the action was submitted for decision.
Mr. Lowey protested against the action
of the court in taking the case under ad
visement until such time as Count Fes
tetics' deposition, setting forth hi* de
fense in detail, arrived from Vienna. E.
8. Plllsbury, counsel for Countess Fes
tetics, swept aside the necessity of a de
position by Count Festetics by admitting
that the Austrian Count would deny ev
erything asserted by Countess Festetics
and corroborating witnesses, and would
reaffirm every allegation made In his an
swer to his wife's divorce complaint. Un
der the statute there . was no alternative
but for the court to take the case under
advisement, , but Judge Bahra stated,
however. If Count Festetics' deposition
arrived In the near -future he would con
sider the same In/his deliberations on the
merits of the plaintiff's case.
Countess Festetics entered the court
room at the opening of the morning ses
elon accompanied by Mr. Plllsbury. Miss
Elizabeth Hooper, her cousin, who resides
at St Helena; Lieutenant Frank Brooks
Uphain of the Pensacola and another gen
tleman friend. She was dressed in a black
tailor-made gown relieved with white.
a£d wo^Ta fetching black .chiffon turban.
Countess Festetics was immediately
called to the stand by- Mr. Pillsbury. She
Immediately addressed the court and be-
Iran to tell the story of her sufferings
aboard the Tolna during her five years
at sea. the details of which have been
heretofore published. Referring to the
many trials and tribulations of her un
haDDV voyage. Countess Festetics said
her real troubles began at Honolulu.
"At Honolulu," she said, "the captain
and crew of the Tolna deserted and after
we had secured a new crew I was com
nelled to take the post of sailing master.
We went from Honolulu to Tahiti, visit
ed all >of the Islands of the South Seas,
and thence we went to Sydney.
From the time we left Sydney I began to
complain' of my sufferings aboard the
Tolna. I was broken in health, my ner
vous -system was a wreck and I felt that
If I did not die I would go crazy. My
nleadings to my husband were met with
cynical smiles and for three more years
I was forced to comply with his wishes.
"During the trip we .visited Kobe and
there found a message Informing me that
my mother was seriously 111. - 1 immediate
lytook a steamer for home, and did not
join my husband again until early in May,
1898 He was then at Hongkong with the
Tolna. Against my .objection, for I was
In poor health, we set sail for Manila. The
crew i was made up of Malays, Filipinos
and Lascars, while the captain was an
Austrian. In addition to my fear of the
crew and the elements, I was forced to
accept a Chinese boy Instead of a maid.
When we reached Manila we found that
Admiral Dewey had destroyed the Spanish
flotilla, and as things were still In a dan
gerous condition he ordered the yacht
away We went, but my husband insisted
on visiting the other important cities of
the Philippine archipelago. Though we
were In constant danger we cruised around
and among the islands, but finally, with
out injury, we made our .way to Sanda
'kan, in Borneo, where we arrived In Aug
ust of 1898. : -'.. ¦."¦¦-"' '¦¦„¦¦ ', ••
"We cruised .around' and finally arrived
at Singapore." There the physician ordered
frightened !¦ as •-¦ the ; maid, ¦ ; and ; was also
me to the mountains for my. health. Count
Festetics would have none of It. He Bald
square. The Count's desire to go to
Africa hastened my conclusion to quit tha
yacht forever. The dangers with which
such a voyage across the Indian Ocean
were fraught were too much for my
nerves, but he laughed at me. Then ha
deserted me and I am here.
"My husband never supported me.
Though we never had any agreement that
I was to support myself, he compelled ma
to do so. If I wanted luxuries I was
forced to buy them for myself. I paid for
my own washing and my own clothing.
He never gave me a garment in his life.
Once, on a Christmas, he became gener
oub and gave me $20. He forced me to pay
my own physician's bills and meet other
expenses of a similar nature, though he
always had money to expend on himself
when he desired. When he hired a car
riage I was forced to pay the bill, for he
said he only got the horses to please me,
and I must pay for my own amusement.
"He went so far in his demand that I
support myself that he wanted to run
separate bills, one for each of us, at va-?
rious places at which we traded. I told
him it would.look foolish to run two bills
as he suggested. He finally consented
that we should run Joint accounts, but In
sisted that I pay my proportion of the ex
penses. Thus I was forced to pay for all
things purchased by me."
Here the Countess presented a Mil to
bear out her assertion. Opposite each
item purchased by her there appeared a
"tick, while items purchased for his use
bore a cross. One bill, which was* read In
evidence and then pocketed by counsel,
reads something like the following:
Cheese, for the Count, 2S cents.
Hat, for the Countess, $16.
Crystallized fruit, for the Countess, H
Mustard, for the Count. $1.
Coffee, for the Count, 60 cents.
Cruet, for the Countess, $12. and eap for
the cruet, $2. .....
"The Items on the bills," continued
Countess Festetics, "were segregated, and
all purchased by me were paid by m«, and
Count Festetica footed his portion or the
bill. Though the cru«t and a sliver nap
kin ring I purchased were for use on the
yacht, I was forced to pay for the same,
just because I fancied them and suggest
ed that they were needed."'
A letter from Count Kestetics to his wife
was 'introduced in evidence. In this mis
sive the Count sent New Year's greetings
to" his wife. Then he bravely asserted
that he was in search of a commission in
the British army for service In the Trans
vaal. He concluded by stating that If he
didn't get killed In the war he would cer
tainly make a fortune after It was over.
Other letters were Introduced, but In ad
dition to the fact that In writing to her
husband . the Countess always addressed
him in endearing terms they contained
nothing of Importance.
On cross-examination and In conclusion
Countess Festetics said her husband's
mother wrote tc her and expressed her
wonder that she had remained on board
the yacht as long as she did. She further
said that her parting with her husband
was not more affectionate than that ac
corded any gentleman -friend, save that
she was forced to kiss him good-by owing
to the presence of the Austrian Consul.
' Countess Festetics thus concluded her
story, and her cousin. Miss Hooper, was
called to the stand. Miss Hooper simply
testified that ¦ Countess Festetics was In
poor' health when she started on her trip
with her 'husband In the Tolna In 1S93.
Lieutenant Brooks followed Miss Hooper
to the stand. He said he met Countess
Festetics at Honolulu, again at Yokohama
and again at Hongkong. At Hongkong
RETURNING TRADERS RELATE HORRIBLE TALES
OF CANNIBALISM IN THE SOUTH SEA ISLANDS
he «aid many naval officers agreed with
him that the yacht was fit only for coast
trips.
Countess Festetics' case was closed with
the deposition of Lillian Ross Thomson
In her deposition the witness testified that
she visited the vessel. "It was dirty an-i
unkempt," she said, "and in the cabin
there were creepers and cockroaches," but
she and other visitors were too polite to
remark about the peculiar conditions
they found. Count Festetics was 'surly.
Impolite and * disagreeable." He never
went near hla wife unless she called hlai
and that was seldom. He neglected her
and treated her cruelly— and unjustly at
Such is the story of the life of an Aus
trian Count with an American girl for a
wife. Countess Festetics Is the daughter
of Mr. and Mrs. Louis T. Haggrin of New-
York and a granddaughter of the late J.
B. Haggln the noted millionaire. Tho
Count Is the second son of Count Slgis
mund Festetics, once- Chamberlain of tHo
Austrian court, and was formerly a sec
ond lieutenant ln*the Austrian army. A
brilliant social life* awaited them, but his
love for the sea and for adventure was
greater than his love for his wife.
THB COUNTESS FESTETICS DE
TOLNA AND SOME WITNESSES
IN HER DIVORCE SUIT.
THE preliminary examination o*
Dr. Ralph Addison Huntington
and Dr. J. D. Hill, charged with
the murder of Miss Jennie Mf-
Kown on Saturday. October 27. in
Pr. Huntington'p office, was commences
before Judge Cabaniss yesterday after
noon. The courtroom ¦was crowded. Dr.
ITuntlnjrton was represented by ex-Judge
Ferral and Dr. Hill by Mr. Floumoy.
District Attorney Byington . personally
conducted the prosecution. The defend
ants had lost the nervousness that char
acterized them on their previous appear
ances in court and seemed quite cool.
The principal Interest was centered In
Mrs. B«»lle McCottrey. the sister of the
<?*>ad rirl. When she took the stand she
•was visibly agitated and several times she
Ff*>mc-d on the verge of fainting. After
giving her evidence she was so weak that
F he had to be led from the courtroom,
but a mouthful of Ice water revived her.
Ehe showed that her feelrng toward Hunt
ington was very bitter. She declared that
Huntlnpton and her sister had been de
voted lovers for about two years prior to
hrr sister's death.
Dr. T. B. W. Iceland, autopsy surgeon
at the Morgue, was the first witness ex
amined for the prosecution. His testi
mony was entirely devoted to the result
of the autopsy and the duties of a phy
ridan while performing an operation and
administering an anesthetic.
Mr*. McCottrey testified that she lived
fit 2711'-4 Sutter street. The sister, prior
to hf-r death, had lived with her. She
had known Dr. Huntington for about two
>earp and had met Dr. Hill peveral times.
Fhe knew Huntington intimately and he
was a lover of her sister. He used o
call at the house very frequently, some-
Huntington and Hill called at her house
Saturday evening, October 27. They both
seemed excited and nervous. She asked
Huntington if Jennie was sick. He shook
his head and said "No." She then asked,
"Is she dead?" and he said, "Yes." She
asked how did she die and he told her
he had been treating her for an illness
and he had told her the Monday previous
that she would have to undergo an oper
ation. Jennie objected at first, but finally
consented and on Friday evening he took
her to dinner and they went to Dr. H'll
and arranged for the operation to take
place the next day. Jennie had asked him.
not to tell Mrs. McCottrey and as a phy
sician he could not break confidence with
her. The witness told him that he had nu
right to do euch a thing as he knew sh«
was an experienced nurse and should
have been consulted. He knew how she
loved Jennie and Dr. Hill remarked. "You
could not have loved her more than Dr.
Hui;tlngrton." She asked Huntington if
there had been anything -wrong and he
said, "No; Jennie was as 'jua a ?irl as
ever lived." For the sake of what the
public might say she suggested that It
should be given out that she was present
at the operation and Jennie suo
cumbed to the chloroform. They con
tented. They ?ald they had worked for
three hours over her. Mr. Davis was pres
t ent at the interx-iew.
Jennie came home with a chill Wednes
day evening and she put her to bed. Dr.
Huntington telephoned and seemed dis
tressed when told that Jennie had a chill.
He asked if he could call and when eh«
told Jennie she said he could come if he
liked. He did not come that night, but
called to pee Jennie Thursday evening.
Friday evening he took her to dinner.
Saturday morning Jennie appeared sick
times two or three times a day. He and
her sister had been going together lor two
years and they were devoted lovers. No
one else went out with her sister or paid
her any attention.
Hill was put through a severe cross-ex
amination by the District Attorney, chieflv
as to his experience since he graduated In
July last, the questions being prompted by
Dr. Leland, and more than once the Judge
Interposed. As there are witnesses to be
called to testify on behalf of Dr. Hill the
examination was continued until this
morning at 11 o'clock. Dr. Huntington
will probably reserve his defense until the
case Is heard In the Superior Court.
This cloeed the case for the prosecution
and Dr. Hill was called to the stand. He
testified that he had not seen Jennie on
the Thursday or Friday before the opera
tion. Dr. Huntington came to his office
Friday evening and asked If he would ad
minister an anesthetic for him next day
at 2 o'clock. Hill suggested 1 o'clock and
It was so arranged. Hill was at Dr. Hunt
lngton's office at 1 o'clock Saturday and
In about fifteen minutes the young lady
came in. He carefully examined her heart
and respiration and found both in good
condition. She seemed a little nervous.
He asked her no questions. He adminis
tered the chloroform for a few minutes
and then told Dr. Huntington that he was
ready. In about three-quarters of an hour
he noticed signs of syncope, which were
observed at the same time by Dr. Hunt
ington, who remarked, "She Is sinking."
He immediately began artificial respira
tion and they worked on her for nearly
three hours. They then called upon Mrs.
McCottrey and witness told her that Dr.
Huntington had something: to pay to her.
Huntington took Mrs. McCottrey in his
arms and witness left the room. He di.1
not recollect anything being then said by
Mrs. McCottrey as to suggesting that she
was there, but- next evening Mrs. McCot
trey and Dr. Huntington called at his of
fice and she made the suggestion. He aH
vlsed her not to do so.
Miss Kate Degnan, 1135 Folsom street,
testified to having known the dead glri
very well. She had often seen her and
Dr. Huntington together. He always
seemed very attentive and devoted to her.
On cross-examination the witness admit
ted that Jennie was always a delicate,
sickly girl. She was 21 years of age. Sh«
had been suffering for four or five months
and Dr. Huntington had been treating her
oft and on. Mr. Davis did not pay Jennie
any attention. She asked him often to
take Jennie for a drive or to dinner and
had also told him to write to her when
ehe was In the country. Both she and
Jennie looked upon Mr. Davis as a father.
Jennie never went to see Mr. Davis at the
college except with her permission.
and nervous and said she had an awfu
headache and felt as If she were going t
die.
p^r^OLNA, ahoy."
I "Ahoyy Oceania. Au revolr,
I Ella. Bon voyage."
JLJL Thus did the ships upon which
. sailed Rudolph and Ella, Count
and Countess FeatetlcsT de Tolna, pass In
the night. The Oceania went down to the
st-a and behind her the darkness close'd
round the little yacht Tolna at anchor in
the Straits of Malacca. Ella, Countess
Festetics de Tolna. was coming home to
launch her action for divorce against her
titled and characteristically negligent
husband. He remained behind to breathe
his fill of the salt air of the ocean, to fight
and quarrel with his black-skinned crew
and to grow restless with the annoyances
of the "cockroaches and creepers" that
Lillian Ross Thomson of Hongkong
avers infested the "cramped and dirty
cabin of the yacht." The Count says it
is luxurious.
Count Festetics fulfilled his end of the
bill until the bones of the Tolna sank be
neath the sea. Countess Festetics
launched her divorce proceedings. They
"The Count was never solicitous for my
welfare. Once he sent me oft to the yacht,
when she was lying off shore, attended
only by a Chinese boy and a black sailor.
Only once during my years at sea did I
have a maid, and that wa8 at Sydney. She
left- me at Yokohama, because she was
frightened almost to death by the ty
phoons w© had passed through. I was as
wearied to death of my cramped quarter*,
the whole cabin being but twelve feet
"I last saw the Count In the Straits of
Malacca. The Oceania, in which I sailed,
passed close to the yacht one dark night.
I knew the Tolna from her low hanging:
light. I shouted: 'Tolna. ahoy!' Bactc
from the little vessel came the shout:
f 'Ahoy, Oceanic. Au revolr. Ella. Bon
voyage.' The little vessel wa9 lost -In thfl
darkness and I have not seen my hus
band since, neither have I ..card his
voice.
the yacht was good enough for me and
that I was not as sick as I thought I was.
At last, in despair that I would lose either
my mind or my life. I went ashore and <*ie
sailed away, leaving me penniless at Sing
apore. I telegraphed home for money.
My father responded promptly and I took
the steamer for home.
Divorce Action, Supported by a Sensational Chapter of
Abuses She Suffered at the Hands of the Austrian
Nobleman, Is Submitted for Decision by Judge Bahrs.
Health Board's Investigation of Com
missary's Suspension by Suss
dorff Develops Niggardly
Policy.
' ¦ — » ¦ ¦ .
The features of last night's investiga
tion into the milk-watering scandal at the
City and County Hospital were the tes
timony of Commissary Magulre that Su
perintendent Sussdbrff told . him to cease
testing and rejecting milk and delegate
that duty to Peter Teyssier, a kitchen em
ploye, and that the cream was skimmed
off many of the cans of milk daily and
six pints of it sent to the superintendent's
table; the acknowledgment by Daniel
Richards, one of the "affidavit makers,"
that Mtigulre had never given him in
structions to water the milk, and the
statement by Dr. Bazet that he himself
had charge of one of the wards in which
it is alleged the diluted milk was served. .
The investigation was resumed with th«
same "dramatis personae" that took part
at Tuesday's session. It developed that suf
ficient milk was not provided for the re
quirements of patients and employes and -It
was watered so that it would go around.
It would appear that this was a matter of
common knowledge among the officials
and subordinates, but no one- thought It
incumbent upon him to report the matter
to the Health Board until Dr. d'Ancona,
chairman of the Hospital Committee of
the Board of Supervisors, had awakened
sufficiently to take a slight look into mat
ters at the big institution.
Miss Patton, superintendent of nurses of
the hospital, testified that it was pos
sible for any the nurses to dilute the milk
In the pantries, which were not kept
locked. The diet nurse, who was in
charge, was called away at various times,
leaving the milk and other food unpro
tected. There had been frequent com
plaints, previous to Maguire b appoint
ment as commissary, that the milk was
bad. Prior to the present investigation
Miss Patton was satisfied that the pa
tients were receiving more milk, but 8he
could not judge of its quality. She had
heard no word of complaint about the
milk since Maguire had been commissary.
There was nothing to prevent con
valescents or attendants from entering
the pantries and abstracting milk and
substituting water. She could not tell
who had put water into the milk from,
which samples were taken and pro
nounced below the standard by Chemist
Green. Miss Patton had a hazy remem
brance of once being informed that some
one had turned the nose into a milk can,
but whether to clean the can or dilute the
milk she did not remember. Louis Lioo,
the head cook, had once told her that li
was customary to mix three cans of wa
ter with five cans of the lacteal fluid,
but he told her that before Maguire's
regime.
Daniel Richards, a former patient, but
now a servant In the institution, had been
entry clerk for several months under
Commissary Maguire. Richards attributes
his dismissal from the post of entry clerk
to a complaint made by Magulre to Suss
dorff. Richards had told Maguire that the
milk was poor and was called "blue milk"
by the attaches. Magulre had never given
him direct orders to water the milk, but
had instructed him to reduce the quan
tity of the milk to be supplied to em
ployes. Richards said he had signed the
statement that he was willing to swear
that Magulre had given him orders to
water the milk at the request of Dr. Suss
dorff and Dr. Buckley. Richards had
heard complaints from • nurses, patients
and especially from employes about the
poor milk. It was possible to have adul
terated the milk in the wards after it
left the commissary's department.
On cross-examination Richards said he
did not know if Maguire had complained
of his being drunk to Superintendent
Sv-.ssdorfr, but Magulre had lectured him
(Richards) for drinking too much. Rich
ards had seen Peter Teyssier manipulate
the milk, but some of the complaints made
by patients were made without ' Just
ground. He had heard Maguire say that
the milk for employes and officials ehottld
be adulterated, so as to reduce expenses.
Resident Physician Maher had never
heard any complaints from patients about
their food, nor had he ever heard Magulre
give orders to water the milk. ,
Dr. Bazet here broke In and said that
the reason why, patients did not complain
about their food was because -they were
afraid to do bo.
"If they . complain," said Dr. B,azet,
"their lives are made unbearable, so they
prefer to keep their mouths shut, even If
the food Is bad. In the ward over which
I have control I endeavor to have the pa
tients freely tell -whether the food is sat
isfactory or not."
Maher explained the erasure of the
word "patients" In Teyssler's affidavit
that Maguire had ordered him to water
the milk, that Tevssler stated Magulre
had always told him to give patients
pure milk. Maher testified that Richards
was an "alcoholic," but Dr. Buckley ob
jected to the testimony on the ground
that the information was gained profes
pipnally. Maher. however, had seen Rich
ards under the influence of liquor In th©
last six months -when he was not his pa
tient He considered Richards mentally
incompetent as a result of drink. Dr.
Bazet said it was the habit of the ward
tenders as soon as they received their
wages of $5 to disappear, presumably to
go on a spree.
Commissary Magulre was put on the
stand and entered a general denial of the
charge that he had watered the -milk.
"When Maffulre took charge he lenrned
from his predecessor'that the last Board
of Health had ordered him to reduce the
number of cans .of milk served to the.
patients and employes from thirty to
twenty-five cam.
"On taking charge of the office." said
MapuJre "T set about to determine how
to live within the limited amount of
money allowed the commissary's depart
ment. By rneans of a lactometer I ascer
tained that some of the milk was below
standard, which I rejected, ordering new
milk In Its stead. This continued for sev
eral weeks and on the advice of Dr. Suss
dorff T delegated that fluty to Peter Teys
sier and instructed him how to use the
lactometer and. to report all shortages.
After the patients had been supplied, the
remaining cans were skimmed. Six Dints
were sent to the maternity ward and six
pints to the superintendent's table. I
noticed that Teyssier then poured water
Into the cans to make up what was taken
out. I cut down the supply of the em
ployes' milk from ten cans to what I
thought was proper. The head waiter was
in the habit of skimming the milk for
favored nurse's and employes, and I put
an end to that practice. From this dates
the commencement of my troubles.
"T learned then that there was a strong:
combination aralnst me among the em T
ployes because of my methods of econ
omy Teyssler said he was called a 'scab*
and" I a miser because T reduced the al
lowance of milk to employes. I never
issued an order to water themilk. T never
watered it mr«elf . nor do I believe that
any of the ml'k senfto the patients was
diluted In my department."
At this point the Investigation was post
poned until 4 o'clock this afternoon.
Hospital Officials Generally
Knew of Milk Being
Diluted. x
MAGUIRE TELLS
HIS STORY TO
INQUISITORS
EILA, COUNTESS FESTETICS, TELLS
TO THE COURT THE STORY OF HER
HUSBAND'S MANY IDIOSYNCRASIES
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, NOVEMBER 15, 1900.
lestimony Given at the Preliminary Hearing of Hunting
ton and Hill by Judge Cabaniss on Charge o1
Murder — Doctor Hill Testifies in His Own Behalf
DR. HUNTINGTON AND JENNIE McKOWN
WERE RECOGNIZED AS BEING DEVOTED
LOVERS FOR MORE THAN TWO YEARS
9
Write for now catalogue of watche*. Jewelry
and silverware. ' Invaluable to out-of-town pur-
chasers. HammenmlUi* Field. 8fl Kearny it •
ADVERTISEMENTS. '
WOMEN MUST SLEEP.
Avoid Kervous Prostration.
Ii yon are dangeronsly sick what Is
the first duty of your physician ? Ho
Sniets the nervous system, he deadens
tie pain, and you sleep welL
Friends ask, "what is the capse?"
and the answer comes in pityixuj _
tones, nervous prostration. It came*
upon you so quietly in the beginning,
that you were not alarmed, and when
sleep deserted yon night after night
until your eyes fairly burned in the
darkness, then you tossed in nervous
agony praying for sleep.
Mbs. A. Hjlbtlst.
Ton ought to have known that
when yon ceased to be regular in your
courses, and you grew irritable with-
out cause, that there was serious
trouble
Yon ought to know that indigestion,
exh a us ti on, womb displacements,
fainting, dizziness, headache, and
backache send the nerves wild with
affright, and you cannot sleep.
Mrs. Hartley, of 221 W. Congress St.,
Chicago, 111., whose portrait we pub-
lish, suffered all these agonies, and
was entirely cured by Lydia E. Pink«
ham's Vegetable Compound; her case
should be a warning to others, and
her cure carry conviction to the minds
of every suffering woman of the un-
failing efficiency of Lydia £. Pinkiuun'i
Vegetable Compound.
GRAPE-NUTS.
A HARD WORKER.
One of tbo "Kings*' of the Coast.
Mrs. L. S. King of Concord. Cal.. is State
organiser and tecturer for the W. C. T. U.
of California- She had been carrying on
her work without using proper food to
sustain her body, and says: "Before I
found Grape-Nuts food I was suffering se-
riously with indigestion, and my mind
had b<*ome sluggish and dull, the mem-
ory being very much Impaired.
••Hearing of Grape-Nuts as a food for
rebuilding and strengthening . the brain
end nerve centers. I began its use. In two
months I have gained four pounds in
weight, never felt better In my life and
f.nd a mo*t remarkable Improvement In
my memory and mental activity. I never
etood the fatigue and pressure of work as
k well as I do now. A short time ago I went
* to a new county, worked twenty-two days,
almost day and night, without rest, and
came home feeling fine. Tou may be sure
I take Grape- Nuts food with me so* that I
zcay depend upon caving it."Foreign Futures.
NEW YORK; Nov. 14.— Tin fn the local . mar
ket. . for metals showed considerable steadiness
of undertone on better ' cables than • had been
looked . for and . an absence . ot . sellers, closing
New York Metal Market.
NEW TORK, Nov. < 14.— There .was less ac
tivity In cotton ' to-day. At the opening there
was a decline ', of 3^7 points under adverse
cables, notwithstanding recent talk of a lighter
movement. The market here promptly ' rallied
and ' advanced • 60?9 i>olnts . from , the - low level
of the opening. In the afternoon the local con
tingent were inclined to sell on the Idea that
spinners would not pay present prices for cot
ton products, while the movement of ' cotton
was sufficiently heavy at least for the time
being. - The market closed ; quiet, 2@7 points
lower.
New York Cotton Market.
The total receipts since January 1 have been
347,074 bales of domestic and 125.991 bales of
foreign, against 673,966 bales domestic and 77,
835 - bales foreign for the corresponding period
of 1899. ' :
The receipts of wool in Boston this week
amounted to 2460 bales domestic and 747 bales
foreign, making a total of 3207 bales, against
5282 bales last week, and 12,059 bales . for the
The sales of the week In Boston amounted
to 4,666,000 pounds domestic and 720, 000 'pounds
foreign, making a total of 5,386,000, against j a
total of 6.205,000 for Uie previous week and a
total of 16.S17.776 for'the corresponding . week
last year. The sales since January 1 amount
to 124,763.300 pounds, against 300,324.576 ppund*
for the corresponding time last year. . •
The moderate and smaller sized mills - have
been more of a factor in the market. The
American Woolen Company has bought only
moderately. The bulk of the week's business
has been In territories, grading fine and 1 fine
medium, California and Oregon wools.
BOSTON. Nov. 14.— The American Wool and
Cotton Reporter will say^ to-morrow: The wool
market has continued active and a large vol
ume of business has been transacted, though
the sales -for the past week figure up a slight
ly lesK totaV.than those of the preceding week.
The improvement noted In prices just before
the election has been fully maintained In some
lines of scoured and pulled wools, slightly bet
ter prices are being asked, and In some cases,
lt is reported, have been secured, but manu
facturers as a rule arc not willing to pay any
advance beyond that noted In the market report
of last week. The dress goods mills have been
the principal buyers. Some of the Maine mills
have been reported In the market and ; have
taken on some fair sized lines of wool.
Boston Wool Market.
LIVERPOOL.
Wheat— Dec. Feb. Mar.
Opening 6 1 _ 6i
Closing.. BUfi ¦—'«.-*. 6 %
PARIS.
_ . • Nov. Mar.-June.
Opening 1995 21 e*
Closing 20 05 .21 70
1 Flour— . .
Opening 2590 27 70
Closing v v, 25 9S w 85
.Johanna JIagerty ElUabeth O'Brien and Jo
hanna-L.KennedyJall nee Hayes> and Joseph
P. Hayes to John Wlren. lot on W line 50-var^
SV°t°-'S :5 .. N from sw W">*r SO^vara. loVlS?
N 2» by.E 86. on W line of William street. 62-6
N of Geary, N 25 by W M; $10. .
Mildred UGoodsell (single) to De Courey M.
Ccodsell. all property In 1811 d 121. recorded
March 6. 1839 (see abstract 2360. March 7 1333)
Honora Sharp to Wong Tow. lot on W Him.
i f iTO VST: ffiJ* ra:9 s <* w.jdj&ffi
John and* Sophia Elder (by S. C. Blrelnw and
Arthur A. Smith., trustees) to Joseph D Grant
1667 d 157. lot oh S line of Twenty-first street
2 ?£.^°J - QhaT #' W M:U by S m. tru s teei :
City o and County of San Francisco tt> Walde
mar S. E. and Marie C. C. Jorgensen. lot on
V line* of Capp • street; 100 S of Eighteenth «?
30 by W 122:6;$^-. ¦. *"!weenin. »
California Title Insurance and Trust Comnajiv
to Morris Goldstein, lot on S line of Thirteenth
street, 75.012 W- of Treat avenue W 250M c
80.944. E 25. N 80.513; $1250. «.wi. S»
¦ Frank R. Grannis . to < Sophie Grannls lot m
S line of Bush street. 25 E of Lyons. E 25 by
City and County of San Francisco to Marie
Plasberg. lot on' W line of Scott street. 110 a
of Sutter, 8 27:6 by W 137:8; $_. "*"* U0 B
Emily Turner to John Schmidt, lot on N lin«
of, Lombard street. 193:6 E of Flllmore. B Zt-l
"Charlotte E. Morgan. Ellen M. Cook Leroy T
and Hiram ¦ T. Hutchinson, Adelaide Pheln«*
Mary H. Slbley. Mary'K. Miller and John U*
Tracy to Marian M. Gagntv lot on 8 line of
Lombard street. 137 :« W of Pierce. W 50 bv i
137:6; $10. . . . : oy a
George W. .Frink to Thomas M. Oimont. lot
on NW. line of Naples street. 50 NE of India
avenue, NE 25 by NW 100. part block 80 Ex
celsior. Homestead; $1.
Fred Meincke to Mary A. Melnck. lot on In
tersection of w line of Mission (new county
road) and Tlngley street, NE 25. W 75. s 25
E 66. lot 154, Academy Tract: gift. .
Jacob and Lina Heyman to Claui Waller
lot on S line of Sadowa street, S75 E of Capi
tol. E 25 by S 125. block D. Railroad Home
stead: $10. :
D. S. Rosenbaum to Rachel Isaac (wlfa . of
Louis). lot 6, block 12. College Homestead As
sociation ;,$CO0. . .......
John and Ada M. Hlnkel to John J. Powers,
lot on W line of Twenty-fifth avenue, 200 N of
Point Lobos avenue, N 25 by W 130; $10.
Walter B. Reid and William Baehr Jr. et al.
(by ' Henry S. Martin, formerly Sheriff) to
Catherine • C. Slawson. lot on SE corner of
Amador and Delaware streets, S 100 by E 200;'
also lot on NE corner of Uruguay and Kaskas
kla (D), SE 555:104. N* 255:7. NW 396:94. SW
200; also lot on'NE corner of Madagascar
(Twenty-seventh avenue) and Von Schmidt
streets. SE 300 by NE 200; $236.
I. L. Hoffmann (known as Isaac L.) and
Pauline Hofmann to Giovanni Solari and GI
obatta Podesta, lot on E line of Leavenworth
street, SO N of Clay, N 50 by E 91:6; also right
of way over lot on N line of Clay street. 82:5
E of Leavenworth, E 3 by N 30; also agree
ment not to- build on property commencing at
Pl:6 E of Leavenworth street and 30 N of Clay,
N 50 by E 4: also commencing 87:6 E of Leav
enworth street and 30 N of Clay, N 60 by E 4.
so as to obstruct light commencing, on a line
drawn parallel with Leavenworth street, 91:6
E from E line. of Leavenworth. distant 30 N
of Clay. N 50 by E 4. deed and agreement; $10.
Conrad Feyock to Phllapina Feyock. lot on
E line' of Treat avenue-, 90 S of . Twenty-sixth
street. S 25 by E. 122:6; gift.
Margaret A. Cowles to Samuel W. Cowles.
lot on-NE line of Twelfth street. 142 NW of
Howard. NW 53. NE 145:2*. SE 62:8. SW
141:4«*; gift.
Hlbernla Savings and Loan Society to Lucie
Labadle (wife of William), lot on W line of
Sanchez street, -26:6 S of Eighteenth, S 25 by
W 105: $750.
Margaret McAllister to John McAllister, lot
on W line of Van Ness avenue. 75 S of Filbert
street, » 25 by W. 110:3; gift.
E. Avery and Lillian L. McCarthy to Ralph
S. Thompson, lot on S line of Clay street. 102;*
W at Locust, W 35 by S 102:84: $10.
BBAL ESTATE TBANSACTIONS.
Flour, barrels 43.0<V) 14.000
Wheat, bushels 159.000 ISO 000
Corn, bushels 361, f>00 - 1*1 000
Oats, bushels 179,000 88 00U
Rye. bushels ..; 5,000 1.000
Barley, bushels 80.000 26,000
On the Produce Exchange to-day the butter
market was quiet; creameries". 15<^24c; dairies
12%f 18c. Cheese, active, 10<gliy t c. Eggs, active
fresh, 22c. «
Cash quotations were as follows: Flour, dull
and easy; No. 3 (spring wheat, 6S@72c; No. 2
red. 72%>575Uc; No. 2 corn. 33',i@334c; No. 2
yellow, sS'SiiaSUc; No. 2 white. 25^c; No. 3
white. 23\<g27Uc: No. 2 rye. 49c; fair to choice
malting barley, 56©S9c; No. 1 flaxseed, $1 78;
No. 1 Northwestern, $1 79; prime timothy seed,
$4 10@4 20; mess pork, per barrel. flO 374^10 50;
lard, per 100 pounds. $7 07V4@'7 10; short ribs
sides (loose). $6 90(57 10; dry salted shoulders
(boxed), 5»i'go»;c; short clear sides <boxed),
$6 65@6 75; whisky, basis of high wines, $127;
clover, contract grade, $10.
1 ' ': NEW TORK STOCK LIST.
Eharss Closing
Sold. Stocks— Bid.
1S.0OO Atchison - gf,i'
lt,V*S Atchison prefd 77%
Xt.600 Baltimore St Ohio .*....'.. io«4
....:.. Canadian Paciflo- SS
SOO Canada Southern $5*4
".tOO Chesapeake tc Ohio .' 3214
2.100 Chicago Great Western 1314
U.»00 Chicago Burlington A Qulncy 1324
1G0 Chicago. Ind & .L/oulsvWe 23
600 Chicago Ind A Louisville prefd...... £8
200 Chicago & Eastern Illinois 9g«£
390 Chicago & Northwestern : 164'
E.tty Chicago Rock Island & Pacific UZ\
1.000 CCC4 8t Louis 65\
1.(00 Colorado Southern 64
100 Colorado Southern 1st prefd......... 41
"«00 Colorado Southern 3d prefd... J7
3.4^0 Delaware, A , Hudson 116>*
2, e«0 'Delaware Lack & Western iti l i
800 'Denver & Rio Grande....'. ..21%
600 Denver. A. Rio 1 Grande prefd .',7JU
300 Erie 13'4
1.400 Erie 1st prefd......'. :a. 37%
£00 Great Northern prefd 16SH
.»..» Hocking Coal % 17
110 Hocking Valley :. 3&\
200 . Illinois Central 122
.100 Ioma Central 20
b...... Iowa Central prefd 45
1,000 Kansas City Plttsburr & Gulf
«00 Lake Erie & Western ;... 37
Lake Erie A Western prefd ....l<-:,<4
....:;: Lake Bhore -~ / 2ift«i
«.5OO Louisville A XashvlUe 7»H
71800 Manhattan L 10S*.
S, W0 Metropolitan Street Railway 1*7
LO00 Mexican Central' 133*
NEW YORK. Nov. 14.— The striking fact
about to-day's stock market was the decreased
volume of trading. Yesterday's reaction was
checked and quite an imposing show of
strength was made afterward, but there wag
so ' renewal of the inordinate buying demand
which carried pric** up with a rush all through
last week. The market. In fact, dropped back
Into u aSalr of ordinary Importance, business
continuing on a large scale, compared with the
normal, .but, the movement of prices obviously
depending on artificial stlmula'nts. Yesterday's
decline Induced some selling' orders from out
side sources this morning, but the powerful
support by the bull pools, who are etill operat
ing for an advance checked the decline and
secured control of the market almost Immedi
ately. There waa some small buying for Lon
don account, but it was not a potent factor In
the market. It is probable also that there was
eome buying from speculative Interests which
have b**n watching for a reaction ever since
the election. The buying fell off as prices rose
«.bove yesterday's level. The most effective
movements of the day were In Pennsylvania
end— Northern Pacific, There were vague
rumors afloat of further deals by the Pennsyl
vania Company of the same character as the
series of acquirements* of stock In other com
panies earHer in the year. The accompanying
etrength of Baltimore and Ohio. Norfolk anl
Wettern and some of the coalers was Intended
to give color to these rumors, but no authori
tative' confirmation *u forthcoming and the
stock of Pennsylvania was highly manipulated
all day. The buying of Northern Pacific, both
«temon and preferred, seemed Of a more sub
stantial character. The statement of the con
£ftion of the company, issued by the trustees,
in fiipBolvJng the voting trust and the desira
bility of additional holding!* for centralized
control following the dissolution of the trust
offered plausible motives for the buying. The
movement In .the local tractions and In Gen
eral Electric grew out of the statement in the
annual repcrt of the Manhattan Elevated Com
pany, as to the proirnfw being made toward
radical equipment and the friendly co-operation
of the Metropolitan Street Railway Company.
Tb» advances extended all the way from 1% In
Pennsylvania to 7«* in General Electric. These
stocks about measure the dimensions of the
upward movement, gains elsewhere being for
the most part in sympathy. Consequently,
when heavy realising developed In Northern
Pacific ar.d Pennsylvania, which practically
wiped out their earlier gains, and in Manhat
tan the whole market fell weak again and fell
back to an average level about as low as that
of the morning. There was a final rally, but
lt was lacking In map and was not well main
tained, the market dosing Irregular. Pacific
Mall. Linseed Oil preferred and one or two
of the steel stocks were actively reactionary.
Call money got up to € p*r cent arain aad the
time money market continued firm and rather
active. Apprehenticns of a money squeeze axe
an Influence In the more cautious altitude of
the speculation, but the fact that 'the public
Omend for stocks has evidently been sated
for the time being. Is the preponderant fact of
th« (peculation.
The bond market was irregular In sympathy
with stocks. Total eale«, par value. $2,970,000.
United State* refunding 2s declined H and the
Bs registered advanced i, and do coupon % per
cent on the last call.
New York Stock Market.
EASTERN MARKETS.
•
December "34 73> 4 724 '2^
January 73?fe 73!i "3 734
Corn No. 2 —
November 89 39>,i 3«»i 39»J
December 35% 36 35S 3.1%
May 36Vt .36»i 36% 36%
Oats No. 2—
November 21«, \ 21H 21% 21%
December 22ft 22Vi 22 22
May :.. 24 24 23% 23Ti
ll««s pork, per barrel-
November 10 20 10 40 10 20 10 37H
'January 1140 11 60 " 11 40 11 DO
May 11474 1165 1145 11574
Lard, per 100 pounds —
November 6 95 7 05 6 95 7 00
December 6 SO 6 9IH 6 80 6 90
January « "24 6 S74 6 724 6 824
May 6 S74 6 S7Vi
Short ribs, per 1C0 pounds-
November 6 80 « 924 6 80 6 921*
January 6 05 6 17 "j 6 05 6 15
May 6 15 6 25 6 15 6 25
Articles — Open. High. Low. Close
Wheat Xo. 2 —
November 72% 72*4 72 72^
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
FORECAST.
The pressure has fallen steadily during the
ra*t twenty-four hours over the countiy wes'
of the Rocky Mountains, except along the
coast of C&lifornla. where there has been a.
Flight rise. Conditions are more favorable for
rain on the Pacific slope than they have been
for a week past. -
The temperature h&s remained nearly sta
tionary over the western haif of the country,
except at Sac Fraacieco. wnere lt Is 12 de
grees colder.
No rain has fallen west of the Rocky Moun
tains, but the weather Is generally cloudy and
threatening.
Forecast made at San Francisco for thirty
beurs endjji*- rr.lfirvxrht. November 15, 1900.
¦Northern California— Cloudy and unsettled
weather Thursday, probably light rain; light
foutherly winds.
Southern California— Cloudy Thursday; light
westerly, changing to southerly winds.
Nevada — Cloudy Thursday.
Utah— Cloudy, cooler Thursday.
Arizona— Fair Thursday.
6an Francisco and vicinity— Cloudy Thursday,
probably light rain; light southerly winds.
ALEXANDER G. McADIE.
(120th Meridian— Pacific Time.)
SAN FRANCISCO. Nov. 14, 5 p. m.
The following are the seasonal rainfalls to
fiate as compared wlUi those of the same da.te
last season and rainfalls In last twenty-four
hours:
Receipts of^Egge are > not heavy, .but the de
mand is slow and ( the market Is kept weak by
the free, offerincs; of. Eastern. ;..,.•
There Is no , further -decline j In Butter, but
Butter, Clieese' and Eggs.
One more ear of ' Eastern Poultry came In.
making seven thus * far this week. . The mar
ket Is depressed, and ' no " reasonable ; offer • is
refused. ' .'" "" /
Game Is selling at about previous prices, and
receipts are ample for all requirements.
POULTRY- Live Turkeys. 13014c for~ Gob
blers and ¦ 13914c for Hens: ¦ Dressed "Turkeys,
15iirl7c; Geese, per pair, v ¦ SI E0@l 75; : Goslings,
Tl 75@2; Ducks. $3^4 for old and ,, $4@5 . for
young; Hens, $3 60@4 £0; -Young .Roosters,' $4®
4 £0; Old Roosters. $3 5004; Fryers. $3 25<9>3 50;
Broilers. S3 25@3 50 for large and . f3Q2 25 for
small: 1'lKPcns. $1 per dozen for did and $1 509
1 75 for. Squabs., i ' ' 'T *,*:'.' •
GAME— Quail. %\ 25 for Valley and * $2 for
Mountain: Mallard, S3@4 50; ' Canvasback, - $3
«?5 50; Sprig, $3®3 50; Teal. $2 25@2 60; Widgeon.
Jl 50; Small Duck.-Sl 25®i;60; Gray Geese, $3;
White Geese, . \\<S$\ 25; Brant. $1 60 for small
and* $2 for large; ' English Snipe.-- $1 25@1 50;
Jack Snipe, $1; Hare, ?$1 25 ;' Rabbits, $1 25 for
cottontail and $1' for brush; Doves,' 60c per
Poultry and Game.
Poor Tomatoes— and there are a good 'many
of them— are selling low. 3ummer Squash Is
very scarce and high. Otherwise Vegetables
stand about the same and there Is nothing new
In Potatoes. Onions are doing better. .
POTATOES— River ; Reds, 70<jr»0c; Burbanks,
2 r .f?;50c for River and S5c«?$l 15 per ctl for
ScUnas and 60@90e for Oregon; Sweets, 60@63c
for River and 75<ff 90c : for Merced. — ¦
ONIONS— $1@1 85 per ctl; Pickle Onions. 40®
BOc per eack. ¦• ' /'-¦" '¦- t
,VBGETABLES-Green Pea*,' 4®6c per lb;
String Beans, 3@6c; Llmas. 8®34c per lbi.Cab
bnge. $1: Tomatoes. 124<i?«0c: Egg Plant, 40@
60v per box; Green Okra, 40®COc: Green Pep
pers, 25@50c per box for ¦ Chill and 40@50c for
Bell; Dried Peppers, 10©15c; Carrots, 25®35c
per sack; Summer Squash, . $1 25®! 75 for Ala
meda: Cucumbers, 60c for Alameda: Garlic. 4®
6o per lb; Marrowfat Squash, $7® 10 per ton.
Receipts of 'Beans continue moderate, com
pared with the past fortnight, though they are
by no means small, f The market j Is quiet and
unchanged.
• BEANS— Bayos, $2 65<g!2 80 :• Small White, $3 90
©4; Large White. $2 90©3 15; Pink. $1 80@2; Red.
$2 75@3; Blackeye. $3®3 15; Lima. S5 20@5 30;
Pea, S3 90@4 10; Red Kidneys, S3 50@3 75. ¦
SEEDS— Brown Mustard, nominal; Yellow
Mustard, nominal; Flax, $2 23@2 40; Canary,
34c per lb for California and 4c for Eastern;
Alfalfa. 909V4c; Rape. ,2*s@3c: Hemp, 4@4Hc;
Timothy. 4®4V4c.
DRIED PEAS— Nlles, $2®2 50; Green. $2 25®
2 75 per ctl; Blackeye, $2@2 50.
Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables.
Beans and Seeds.
The firmness In Bran has culminated In an
advance, as will be seen. Hay continues quiet
and unchanged. - ,
BRAN— S14®15 60 per ton. y.ij't'l':
MIDDLINGS— S16 50@19 50 per ton.
¦ FEEDSTUFFS — Rolled Barley, $15 50<?16 S9
per ton; Oilcake Meal at the mill, $25@2fi; Job
bing. $26 50; Cocoanut Cake. $17@1S: Corn Meal.
$2<V&'27; Cracked Corn. $26 50@27 50; Mixed Feed.
*15<8ie.
HAY — Volunteer. $5*?8; Wheat, $11^13 50:
Wheat and Oat, . $10@12 59; Oat, $9@11 50;
Clover. $3#7; Alfalfa. $6 50® 8 GO; Barley. $7@
9 p«t ton. .
STRAW- 35@45c per bale.
FLOUR— California Family Extras, $3 60©
3 75, usual. terms; Bakers' Extras, $3 40®8 50;
Oregon and Washington. $2 75@3 10 per bbl for
family and 1 $3 15®3 50 for bakers'; Eastern.
$4 75@5 "5 per bbl.
MILLSTUFFS— Prices Jn sacks are as fol
lows, usual discount to the trade: Graham
Flour, $3 per 100 lbs; Rye Flour. $2 75: Rye
Meal. $2 50;. Rice Flour. $7; Corn Meal. $2 75:
extra cream do. $3 50; Oat Groats, $4 50: Hom
iny, $3 5903 75; Buckwheat Flour, $4W« 2S;
Cracked Wheat. $3 50; Farina. $4 50; Whole
Wheat Flour. S3 25: Rolled Oats (barrels), S6®
7 25; In sacks, $5 75@7; Pearl Barley. $5; Split
Peas, $5; Green Peas, $5 50 per 100 lbs.
$"¦ Hay and Feedstuff s.
Flour and Millstuffs.
Afternoon Session — No sales. •
OATS — Receipts from the north have been re
sumed, but they are not large enough to affect
the market, which continues steady, with a fair
demand. . , . .
White. '$1 30@l 47»4; Surprise. $1 4501 55: Red.
*1 13i©1 25 for feed and $1 I5@l 37li for seed:
Gray. M 25@1 35; Black, for feed. $1 12ft@l 20:
for sepd. $1 20JH 30 per ctl.
CORN-Easiern Yellow, $1 224; White. $1 224:
Eastern mixed. $1 20#i 224 per ctl.
RYE— 0Og32Hc per .Ctl.
BUCKWHEAT— Quoted at $1 75®2 p«r ctl.
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal Session— 9:15 o'clock— No sales.
Second Session— December— 2000 ctls, 73%c.
Regular Morning Session— No sales.
Informal Session — 9:15 o'clock — May — 6000 ctls,
$1 06>,i: 12.000, SI C6H.
Second Session— No sales.
Regular Morning Session — May— 6000 ctls,
$1 064.
Afternoon Session— May— 32.000 ctls, $1 06»»:
14,000, $1 C6U
BARLEY—Feed continues firm under light
arrivals and a fair demand.
Feed, 76Vi®774c for choice bright. 724®75e
for No. 1 and 67H@70c for off grades: Brewing
and Shipping grades. S0@S5c; Chevalier, nomi
nal.
CALL BOARD SALES.
Chicago opened dull and weak, with consider
able, short selling and operators bearish and
short. There was free liquidation. Subse
quently there was a rally on a better Conti
nental demand and there was no rush to sell.
Ofterings were light. Stocks at Minneapolis
increased 200.000 bushels in two days.
Local futures were slightly lower, but spot
prices remained unchanged.
Spot Wheat— Shipping, $1; Milling. $1 024®
I 074 per ctl.
WHEAT— Liverpool, Paris and New York
were all lower.
Wheat and Other Grains.
Sterling Exchange, 60 days — |4 81H
Sterling Exchange, sight — 4 83%
Sterling Cables — 4 85
New York Exchange, slsht — . 74
New York Exchange, telegraphic — 10
Fine Silver, per ounce — 644
Mexican Dollars, nominal 504 ® 51
' Exchange and Bullion.
j CHICAGO, Nov. 14.— The heavy wheat llqul
i dation of yesterday was continued to-day with
| few Interruptions. The market opened with a
! show of steadiness, December V*©H to a shade
higher, at 73'i(g73c, on covering by ehorts. who
were influenced by tha comparatively slight de
cline at Liverpool In the face of l'.-bltflHc slump
here yesterday. The market held for only a
moment, however, as there was plenty of long
wheat waiting to be dumped Into the pit.
Bearish feeling was encouraged by a further
decline at Liverpool, a slump at Antwerp
equal to lUc and Minneapolis reports claiming
two-thirds of the flour mills there had been
closed. Late the aniall clearances, 101,000 bush
els In wheat and flour at the seaboard, caused
further alarm among holders. December
slumped from the opening to 72V4C, where the
market steadied on profit-taking by shorts and
rallied to 72%c. This support on the. reaction
ceased and the market again dragged. . Decem
ber dropped to 724c, closed weak. He under
yesterday at 724©72»jc.
Corn exhibited a moderate degree of activity
and entire independence oi the wheat weakness,
save at the outset of trading. Business was
small In volume and the strength was due to
a scarcity of offerings. December .closed 4c
higher.
Oats were dull and bare of feature, but steady
with corn. December closed a shade lower.
Provisions were easier earlier on the unex
pectedly heavy receipts of. hogs and lower
prices at the yards. Receipts were 11,000 more
than had been estimated. . Later early sellers
joined by packing interests caused a good rally.
Their buying was Influenced largely, by cash
demand. January pork closed 2Hc higher; lard
6c' higher up and ribs 24@<>c up.
The leading futures ranged # as follows:
Chicago Grain Market.
Weather Report.
"The Improvement In trade noted 'CTedae*
tay oontlouea, and. In eplte of the lack of
real cold, enappy weather, the regular holi
day buying is getting under way In qultt
good rt}~l«. More out-of-town grocery men
were about yesterday than for some time
and mall business Is also of good proportion*.
There is a fair demand from the consuming
trade for nearly the full line of dried fruit
and nuts. The raisin situation Is not very en
couraging. Seeded are going out wtll. but
loose are in a bad way, as a. result of cutting
by holders of outside goods. Two-crown loo*»
are scare* and steady, but 3-crown and 4-crown
are weak and unsettled. Currants are In quite
rood demand at quotations. Prunes are un
ch&nfred, with on!w a moderate demand from
Jobbers.- Evaporated apples are firm and quite
active on the spot. Increasing Interest Is taken
In nut*."
Mail advice* from New York say:
Dried. Fruit in New York.
WASHINGTON. Nov. 14— To-day's "state-,
ment of the Treasury balances , In ; the . general
fund, exclusive, of . the $150,000,000 gold reserve
Condition of the Treasury.
New York Money Market.
NEW YORK, Nov. U.-Money on call, steady,
WO* per cent; last losn,' I. Prime mercantile
paper, 4>4©5Vi per cent. ; Sterling exchange,
steady, with actual business : In bankers* bills
at $1 84H94 M% for demand and at $4 80*i©
« SJJl for elxtJr d * ys - Posted rates. $4 814 and
$4 R5.4. Commercial bills. $4 80®4 804.- Silver
certificates. 64065>,;e. Bar silver. 644c. Mexi
can dollars. 50«;c. Government bonds. Irregu
lar: State bonds, inactive; railroad bonds. Ir
regular. • . ¦
LONDON. Nov. 14.-Atchlson. H*: Canadian
r?Hf¥ P 1^*"^- '»'i ex-dividend
Grand Trunk. 6%; Anaconda, »%.
3Vi»4 Bllver> st * ad > r ' M ll-m per ounce; money.
CLOSING
NEW TORK. Nov. 14.-The Commercial Ad
vertiser's London financial cablegram says-
The market* here were generally more active
to-day. Americans opened weak below parity
B^i ln , b «*f an buying and London followed
«'* Tork and the close was active and very
Etrong.
BOSTON STOCKS AND BONDS.
Money— Union Pacific €6«4
Call loans 3tf4 Union Land 2S;
Time loans 4@5 West End 92
. . Bonds—
Atchison ...". 354 Atchison 4« ...... ..IO0U
do- prefd 77U N E G & Coke It. Cgu
Am Sugar 130 Mining shares-
Bell Telephone l£2Va Aventnre ett
Boston & Albany. .249 Allouez Mln Co .. 2V
Boston "Elevated... 156H Amalg Copper .... J4»4
Boston & Maine.... 182 Atlantic ff>£
C B & 1224 Boston & Mont.. ..228
Born Coal 434]Butte & Boston ... 66
do prefd 113 Calumet & Hecla..E20 '
Fed Steel 47^ Centennial wu
do prefd 74 Franklin is
Fltchburg prefd ..138 Humboldt GO
Gen Elec 154 Osceola 7«
do-prefd 141 Parrot " 4gu
Ed Elec 111 213 Qulncy *"l60
Mex Cent lt% Santa Fe Copper".'." 7fc
N E G & Coke 154 Tamarack ........ 285
Old Colony 201 Utah Mining .... ZiVL
Old Dominion 27T4 Winona ..... it
Rubber <« (Wolverines ....'..'.'. «
London Market.
1.000 Minneapolis & St Louis 64
100 Minneapolis & St Louis prefd. 102
JO.TOO Missouri Pacific 594
200 Mobile & Ohio 40H
1.000 Missouri Kansas tt Texas 11H
8. ICO Missouri Kansas & Texas prefd 35*>
6.0C0 New Jersey Central 141%
4.SQ0 New York Central 1S7T»
I3.S0O Norfolk & Western 42\i
SCO Norfolk & Western prefd &Q\
101.200 Northern Pacific, ex dlv 63H
22,900 Northern Pacific prefd 7SH
24,600 Ontario & Western 25>,
Oregon Railway & Nav 42
Oregon Railway & Nav prefd 76
62.200 Pennsylvania - 141H
10.100 Reading l«»i
M.000 Reading 1st prefd 62T»
4,500 Reading 2d prefd t\
Rio Grande Western 65
R!o Grande Western prefd 80
S.200 St Louie & San Fran 1374
100 St Louis & San Fran 1st prefd 70
1,200 St Louis & San Fran 2d prefd 39
2.100 St Louis Southwestern 14'$
4.100 St Louis Southwestern prefd 34^5
li.900 St Paul 121H
~ St Paul prefd 173H
WO St Paul ft Omaha 115 1 *
&.&00 Southern Pacific 414
3,4(10 Southern Railway lJTj
4.8i» Southern Railway prefd 60^4,
1.900 Texas & Pacific 18H
2J.UO0 Union Pacific 66%
T.JOO Union Pacific pre-fd 79H
400 Wabash 8
1,400 WabaFh prefd 20%
J.600 Wheeling & Lake Erie 10*;
4,300 -Wheeling & Lake Erie prefd 25?i
AVisconstn Central 13
ICO Third Avenue 112
Express Companies—
100 Adams 138
100 American 162
United States '. 47
Wells Farso 133
Miscellaneous —
1,000 American Cotton Oil 36U
American Cotton Oil prefd 93
200 American Malting 5T4
1.400 American Malting prefd 24Vi 1
7,000 American Smelting & Refining 47"»
700 American Smelting & Ref prefd.... S6'i
American Spirits 14
American Spirits prefd 17
8.600 American Steel Hoop 81
900 American Steel Hoop prefd 78H
20.7C0 American Steel & wire 48%
1.200 American Steel & Wire prefd S44
9.000 American Tin Plate 404
700 American Tin Plate prefd S6>;
10.500 American Tobacco 107Vi
American Tobacco prefd 132 j
600 Anaconda Mining Co. 46H I
2LS00 Brookljn Rapid Transit J94
2.000 Colorado Fuel & Iron 444 i
S.SCO Contlnent-il Tobacco 33 7 « j
COO Continental Tobacco prefd E8»i
24.7W Federal Steel 47»4
2,JrtO Federal Steel prefd 74
4.1C0 General Electric 154
300 Glucoce Sugar 57U
100 Glucose Sugar prefd 102
1.050 International Paper 14H
300 International Paper prefd 'Z 1^
700 Laclede Gas 714
700 National Biscuit 384
100 National Biscuit pre{d 91
6nn National Lead 22
MO National Lead prefd 99
4.100 National Steel 36»i
600 National Steel prefd 81%
:00 New York Air Brake 133
1,200 North American 16&
100 Pacific Coast 69
Pacific Coast 1st prefd. S5
Pacific Coast 2d prefd .67
12.090 Pacific Mall : 46V 4
is.800 People's Gas 87v»
3.100 Pressed Steel Car.... 334
Pressed Steel Car prefd R5H
100 Pullman Palace Car 193
2"0 Standard Rope &. Twine 6
49,€0O Eurar 130
- 2W Sugar prefd 116
11.7J2 Tennessee Coal & Iron 65*;
26.750 United States Leather _ 14*i
1.200 United States Leather prefd 76»i
6.600 United- States Rubber 36H
J.KO United States Rubber prefd »5
69.600 Western Union ?4'i
2,400 Republic Iron & Steel Co 16^
1,400 Republic Iron'* Steel Co prefd 63
P C C A St Louis E5
522,400 Shares sold.
CLOSING BONDS.
U S ref 2s reg....l©4«i N- J Central lsts..lO9
U S ref 2s coup...l04S N J Cent cen 5s. ..121%
U B 3s reg 109*4 : N Pacific 3s 70
U 8 36 coup 1094N Pacific 4s 104%
U 6 new 4s reg. ...137 IN Y C A'St L 4s. 106*4
U S new 4e coup.. 137 IN & W con 4s 59
U S old 4s reg USHIOr Nav lsts 109
U 6 old 4s coup.-.llSVOr Nav 4s 104
U S"5s reg -....113 - ;Ot Short Line 6S...127H
U S Ss coup 113 Or S Line con 5s. .113V
Dls of Col 8.65s....l244|Readlng Gen 4s,.. 89T4
Atchlson gen 4s. ...101 ( R G W lsts 994
Atchison adj 4s.... S4SiSt L & I M con 5s.lllJi
Canada So 2ds 108 St L & S F g»n 6s. 125
Ches & Ohio 4*4s-.lWVi!St Paul consols... 172V4
Ches & Ohio 5s 119 ist P C i P lsts.. ..113
C & NW con 7s. ..13? 1st P C & P 5S....I1ST4
C & NWSFdeb 5s.lU4 'So Pacific 4s 834
Cbgo Terminal 4b.. 93 igo Railway 5s 11SH
Colo Southern 4e.. 84 'Stand R & T 6s 72V*
D.& K G 4s WiTrx & Pac lsts. ...115
Erie General 4j>.... 73*«'Tex & Pac 2d8 80
F W & D C lsts.. 78 Union Pacific 46...106
G«n Electric 56....1254iWabash lsts ..- 1164
Iowa Central lsts. .113 iWabash 2ds 104
L & N Unl 4s 9*H West Shore 4s 114
M K & T 2ds 70VWls Cent lsts 87
M K & T 4s 944 Va Centuries 91
MINING STOCKS.
Chollar C9 t Ophlr eg
Crown Point 06 Plymouth 10
Con Cal & Va 95 Quicksilver l 25
Deadwood 55j do prefd 7 00
Gould &. Curry..... 85 Sierra Nevada 18
Hale & Norcross.. 17 Standard 8 00
Homeetake .6000 Union Con io
Iron Sliver 70 Yellow Jacket 20
Mexican 21 Brunswick n
Ontario 6 00
! The demand for evaporated apples was mod
! erate, but as offerings were light the under
tcne was quite firm at fully sustained prices.
i State common was quoted from 4#3c; prime,
! 4>*'35Uc; choice. 5>4©6c: fancy. 6S*'.»c.
j California dried fruits were dull but steady
; at old ¦ prices. - -- . .
PRUNES— 3H<ffSHo per pound, a« to size and
] quality.
APRICOTS— Royal, ll@14c; Moorpark. 15fl6c.
Pli ACHES— Peeled, 16&20C; unpeeled. 6@9c.
DRIED FRUITS,
NEW YORK, Nov. 14.— FLOUR— Receipts,
23,191 barrels; exports. 1916; sales, 8100 pack
ages. ' The market was "again dull and weak,
with buyers and sellers 10 to 20c apart.
WHEAT — Receipts^ 712,250 bushels; sales,
4.120.0C0 I bushels futures, 80.000 • spot. Spot.
weak; No. 2 red, 79V»c'f. o. b. afloat; Xo. 2 red,
7?Hc elevator; No. 1 Northern Duluth, 84>/4c;
No. 1 hard Duluth, 88V4c^f. o. b. afloat. Op
tions had a steady opening on a demand from
local ehorts, but soon yielded to further liquida
tion, bearish foreign reports, small seaboard
clearances and fears of December unloading.
A midday reaction on covering wu followed
by a second - sharp decline under liquidation.
Closed weak and He net lower. Sales Included
No. 2 red March, 81 B-16@SlT»c. closed Sl-Hc:
May. 81@Sl%c, closed 81Hc; November, closed
77%c; December, 78 l-16®7S%c, closed 78Hc
HOPS— Steady.
HIDES— Steady.
WOOL— Quiet.
COFFEE— Spot Rio. easy; No. T Invoice. 8c:
mild, quiet; Cordova, -9^i®13%c. Futures closed
steady at a net decline of 10^20 points. Total
sales.. S9.E0O bags. Including: November, $6 65;
December. $6 65©« 75; January. $6 70®* 75; Feb
ruary. $6 SO: March. $6 S0@6 85: May. *6 96@7.
SUGAR— Raw, firm; fair running, 3%c; cen
trifugal. 96 test. 4%c; molasses sugar. &Hc; re
fined, quiet.
Sihcr and ExcJiange as previously quoted.
Wheat futures -weaker. Barley fintu
Oats, Corn and, Rye unchanged.
Bran advanced 50c. Hay quief and steady.
Beans in ample receipt and unchanged.
Potatoes quiet and featureless. Onions higher.
Butter and Eggs continue weak. Cheese steady.
Seven cars of Poultry in this zveek.
Oranges and Limes plentiful. Fancy Lemons firmer.
Nothing new in Provisions.
Hogs firm at the recent advance.
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
MISCELLANEOUS BONDS
Bay Co . P. : Co.l03U —
Cal-st Cab 58..11S*i —
O C Water-, 5s. :lO7»i —
Ed-L &:P 68.130H — "
F. & Cl.Ry'63.' — , — '.
Geary-st " R ' 5s. — —
H-C ti S 5Hs. — —
.Dp 53 .... 100% — '
L"vX'-R: 5s :..•... 107 - —
LA Lt Co 6s.— 1M .
Do gntd.Ss.. .— • —
LA gntd 5s..l00Hl02>4
LAP R R 53.10Hi .—
Market-St 6a. U28% —
•'DO 1st M £s..U9 - — -
N CNGR7S.110 114 .
N-R of Cal 63.113^4115=:
- 'Do 5s . . : : .': . .us —
N P C R R 68.101 •-'—"•:
Do 5s '....t.:.107V4108'
N. Pal Ry Ss.112 ..—
OaK g L,& H.110: —
Oak Tran 6S..117 ."—
Oak Water 5s..tO4Vi
Oceanic SS os.HOftlHU
Om C Ry Cs. .128 — .
Pac G Imp 48.102 —
P & Cl Ry 6s.lO6 " —
P & O R R 68.113S4' —
Powell-Bt It to. — —
Sac E G&R 5s 99«4 93 H
S F &SJV 5s.U3 —
S.R of Cal 6s. — 113
8.P of A 6s.. 113 —
S P ofC6«(I90i)
'(Scries : A)...109« —
Do (Scries B)10SH —
Do (1906) ....lUH —
*Do-(U12) .... 119^4 —
S P R 1st g 5s.UK 1M
S PR 68....130H — "
S V Water 6s .'.113*4 — ¦
'- Do 4s ;..-..... — 103
;-Do 3d mtgre..lO3 .103
Sr';tn Gas os..lw ;
•.;¦•.„ . . - ..'.Bid. Ask. ¦ . -Bld.Ask.
Is quar. coup..ll5V4116 ; 4s do cp (new). 137 137^4
Is do reg......H5VjU6 Is do coup....l03Hliou
UNITED STATES BONDS.
WEDNESDAY, Nov. H-2:3O p. m.
Business -wu fair on the morning- session of
the Bond Exchange, and fluctuations were
slight: ' Gas '. and Electric sold at $50^50 10.
'In 'the afternoon Hawaiian Commercial sold
down to $85. * , .¦•¦¦ ¦ ¦
The oil stocks showed little change, business
being quiet. ; ; >>;
stockTand bond exchange.
THE STOCK MARKET j
Flour, qr sks.... 40.391
Wheat, ctls 2.1SQ
Barley, ctls ..... 1,440
Oats, CtU 723
Cheese, ctls 187
Butter, ctls 120
Tallow, ctls ..... 713
Beans, eks-. 6.619
Potatoes, sks .... 4.639
Onions, sks /...:. 700
Bran, sks 4.010
Middlings.' sks .. 650
Shorts, sks 215
Alfalfa Seed, sks 31
Sugar, sks ...... 2,000
FOR WEDNESDAY, NOVEMBER 14.
Suirar, bbls .. 725
I Lime, bbls 'i$2
I Leather, rolls .. 68
I Quicksilver, flsks x6
Kggs. doi 8.610
llrandy. ¦ gals 8.400
Wine, gala 70.500
Raisins, bxs .... 2,900
Wool, bales 82
(Pelts, bdls 72
Hides, No 64S
Hops, bales 75
Straw, tons ...... 26
Hay, tons 818
OREGON.
Flour, qr sks.... 5.360 Oats, etls 1,920
Wheat, ctls 1.040
. WASHINGTON.
Flour, qr sks .... 5,010 1
Receipts of Produce.
Crushed, 6.15c; Powdered, 6.75c; Candy Gran
ulated. 5.75c; Dry Granulated, 5.65c; Confec
tioners' A, -5.65c; Magnolia A, 6.25c; Extra C,
5.15c; Golden C, .'5.C5c; barrels, 10c more; half
barrels, 25c more; boxes. 50c more: 50-Ib bags
10c more. No orders taken for. less than 75
barrels or its equivalent. Domlnos, half-bar
rel?. 6.40c; boxes, 6.63c per lb.
PIG LEAD— Is quoted at $4 70@5 10 per ctl
according to quality.
SHOT— $1 35(gl 50 per 25-lb bag.
•COAL— Wellington. $9 per ton; Southfleld
Wellington. $9; Seattle, $7; Bryant. $7; Coos
Bay, $5 50: Wallsend, $9; Co-operative Walla
end, $9; Cumberland. $12 in bulk and $13 25. in
shcks; Pennsylvania Anthracite Egg. 114; Can
nel, $12 per ton; Coke, $15 per ton In bulk and
J1S In sacks; Rocky Mountain descriptions,
$8 45 per 2000 • lbs and $S 50 per ton, according
to brand.
SUGAR— The Western ! Sugar Refining Com
pany quote*, per lb. In 100-lb bags: ..
BAGS— San- Quentln Bags. $5 65; Calcutta
Grain Bag*. June ' and ¦ July, SMQ&'iC; Wool
Bags. 58 l /ia32Hc: Fleece Twine. 7%c; Fruit
Bags, 6V;*?6%c for white and *'i'(th\c for
bleached Jiite.
General Merchandise.
Hog* are firm at the advance already. noted,
though there Is no scarcity. Other descriptions
stand as before.
BEEF— 6<&7c for Steers and 5©5?»c per lb for
CoVt. . .
VEAL-Large. 7<&«c; small. 8%t9c per lb.
MUTTON— Wethers. 7%<SSc; ewes. 7®7%c per
pound. ¦ •
LAMB— 809c r>er lb. ¦
PORK— Live Hops, 5*4c for small and 5Hc for
medium and 5>4<g5%c for large; stock Hogs and
feeders, 5£f5Vic; dressed Hogs. 7%®S%c.
San Francisco Meat Market.
HIDES AND SKINS— Culls and brands sell
about Ic '¦ under quotations. Heavy ealted
Steers, 10c; medium, 9c; light. 8%<g3c; Cow
hl<l«s, 8%{g9c; Stags, 6%c; baited Kip. 9%c;
Salted Veal, 9Hc; Salted Calf, 10c; Dry Hides,
16c; culls. 14c; Dry Kip. 16c; Dry Calf, lCff 17c;
culls and brands, 14c; Sheepskins, shearlings.
20^ 30c each; short Wool, 30@50c each; medium.
60igS5c: long Wool. 73c@$l each; Horse Hides,
rait, $2 50 for large and $2 for medium. $1 50
for small and 50c for colts; Horse Hides, dry.
$1 75 for large, $1 50 for medium. $1 25 for small
and 2.i<fjr.0e for colts. Deerskins— Summer or red
skins. 35e; fall or medium skins. 20c, winter or
thin skins. < l7H©20c. Goatskins— Prime An
goras. 75c: large and smooth, 50c; medium, 35c.
TALLOW-No. 1 rendered. 4f 4%c per lb; No.
2. 3Hc; grease, 2ff2%c. .
WOOL— Spring clip is quotable as follows:
Northern, free. 15<gl6c; Northern, defective. 12®
He: Middle County, free. 14@16c; Middle County,
defective, 12@14c; Southern Mountain, 12
months'. 9@10c; Southern Mountain, free. 7
months'. llQ12e; Southern Mountain, defective,
7 months'. 9S?llc: Humboldt and Mendoclno. IS
eiTc: Nevada. 13«16c per lb.
Fall Clip— San Joaquln. 6%«?Sc: do lambs', 8
<g9c; Middle County, 9tH0c; Northern Mountain,
tree, 10@llc; Southern Mountain, 7ft8SVsc;
Humboldt and Mendoclno, 12C13c per lb.
HOPS— 11%®15c per lb.
Hides, Tallcnv, Wool and Hops.
The market Is unchanged and fairly steady.
CURED MEATS— Bacon, lOViflllc per lb for
heavy, 12c for light medium. 13c for light. 14c
for extra light and 15c for sugar-cured; East
ern sugar-cured Hams. ll%@12c: Mese B«ef.
J12 60 per barrel; extra Mess, $13 50; Family,
J13-50; extra Prime Pork, $16; extra clear. $19 50;
Mess. $16; Smoked Beef. 13c per lb.
LARD — Tierces quoted at 6%c per lb for com
pound and 9c for pure; half-barrels, pure, 9»»c:
10-lb tins, »*ic: 5-lb tins. 9T»c.
COTTOLENE-One-half barrel. 8^c; three
half-barrels, fc^c: one tierce, 8%c; two tierces,
8c; five tierces, 7%c per lb.
NUTS— Chestnuts. «®7c per lb; Walnuts, No.
1 softshell, lie: Xo. 2, 80: No. 1 hardshell. 10c;
No. 2. 7%c; Almonds. 15@16c for papershell,
URUHc for eoftshell; Peanuts, 5i86c for East
ern; ; Brazil Nuts, 13c; Filberts, ISc; Pecans. 11
©13c; Cocoanuts, $3 50@5.
HONEY— Comb. 13%@14%c for bright and 12%
(ffl3c for light amber; water white, extracted.
• %<ci8c; light amber, extracted. "©714c; dark,
e'Q^c per lb..
BEESWAX«»-24S26c per lb.
Provisions.
FRUITS— Prunes, Santa, niaras, 4 slses, Jc;
40-dOs, 7c; 50-60S, 5%c; 60-70s. S%c; 70-SOs »%c;
80-90b, 2%c; 99-19OS, 2^4c; lOOi and over Jc; ru
bles, He premium; Sonomas, %c and San Joa
qulcs, hie I less ' than Santa Claras, except 100s
and over, which stand the same. Apricots. 6<&
8c for Royals and lOatlV/ic for Moorparka;
Evaporated Apples, 5@Sc; sun-dried, 3%@4Hc;
Peaches. 4Ht35c for standard, 6g6c for choice
and 7©7%c for « fancy; Pears, 2@7c; Plums,
pitted. 5@6%c; unpltted. 1®1%c; Nectarines. S#
o%c for red and 5%®6c for white.
RAISINS— The Raisin Growers' Association
has established the following prices for the
season of 1900: Bleached Thompson's fancy, 12c
per lb; choice. 'lie: standard. H\c; prime, 8c;
unbleached Thompson's. 9c per lb. Sultanas —
Fancy, 10%c'per lb; choice, 9V4c; standard. 8%c;
prime, 8c; unbleached Sultanas, 8c; Seedless,
EO-lb boxes, 6!4c; 2-crown loose Muscatels. 6c;
2-crown.' 6%c; 4-crown, 7c; London Layers, 2
cfcwn, . $1 50 . per box: ! 3-crown, $1 60; Fancy
Clusters. $2; Dehesa, $2 SO; Imperial, $3. All
prices" f. o. b. at common shipping points In
California.
Dried Nuts' and Raisins.
DECIDUOUS FRUITS
APPLES—25@50c per "box for common and
G5c@Sl for gbod to choice; Spltzenbergs, 60c©$l;
Oregon Spitzenbargs. $1 25@1 50.
PEARS— Winter Neils, ¦ 65c®*l 25; Cooking
Peare. -25®60cper box.
PERSIMMONS— Nominal.
CRANBERRIES— Cape Cod. $10®10 50 per bar
rel; Coos i Bay. $2 2502 50 per box.
STRAWBERRIES-J2 5O@4 per chest for large
and for small berriea.
RASPBERRIES— $5<g6 per chest.
GRAPE8^-«5®75c per small box and 85c$$l
per crate. ~ • - '
CITRUS FRUITS— Xavel Oranges. $2@3; Seed
lings, $1(31 75; Lemons, 25c@$l 25 for common
and $1 50@2 50 for rood to choice; Grape Fruit,
$2®3- Mexican Limes, $4®1 50; California Limes,
25@35c; Bananas, $1 7502 60 per bunch; Pine*
apples. $2@3 50 per dozen.
Oranges. Lemons and Limes continue weak
under -lfberal stocks. Fancy Lemons are be
ginning .to show firmer symptoms as they are
in J lighter' supply, but -common stock continues
dull and weak. Limes are unchanged.
Grapes- are- firm at- the good prices. Apples
and Pears are unchanged.
Deciduous' and Citrus Fruits.
the market le weak and freely supplied. Cheese
is unchanged.
BUTTER—
Creamery— Fancy Creamery. 21@22e; seconds,
20c. ' •¦:-¦•
Dairy— Fancy. 20c; good to choice. 18019c;
common. 1 17@17%c.
Creamery tub— 20@22%c per 1b.
Pickled roll-19@21c.
Firkin— 18®19c. •
Storage goods— 21@22c. _
CHEESE— New. ll%@12c; Old. 10®Uc; Toung
America, 12fil2%c; Eastern. 13%@14c; "Western.
lW13c per 1b.
EGGS— Store, 20©22Hc; ranch. 27%'g«)c for
fair- and 31®3tc per dozen for good to choice;
Eastern, 18&26C
CORN— Spot, quiet; American mixed new, 4s
2d. Futures, quiet; November, 4s; December.
4b %d; January. 3s 10<.;d.
LIVERPOOL, Nov. 14. — WHEAT — Spot,
steady; Xo. 2 red Western winter. 6s 2',4.d; No.
1 Northern spring, 6s 4d; No. 1 California, 6«
4d. Futures— Dull; December, 6s ll^d; March,
6s 3d. , .: . : ¦ ¦ ¦
CLOSING.
LIVERPOOL, Nov. 14.— Wheat, quiet; No. 1
standard California, 6s 4d; wheat In Paris,
barely steady; flour In Paris, barely steady;
French country markets, firm; weather in Ens
land, 'overcast. ,
OOTTON— Uplands. 6 15-S2d.
LONDON, Nov. l4. r Consols, . 98%/ silver.
29 ll-16d; French rente*, lOOf 60c; cargoes on
passage, .rather easier; cargoes No. 1 standard
California, SOs 8d; English country market*,
firm. ' ' ¦ ¦ •
Foreign Markets.
WASHINGTON,
TACOMA, Nov. 14.— WHEAT— Dull and %c
lower. Blue etem, 87%c; club, 64Hc
PORTLAND, Nov. 14.— For Walla Walla
wheat as high as 55c was quoted to-day, al
though some of the exporters held their limits
around 54@54%c.
Cleared— Bark Europe for Liverpool with 1*3,
437 bushels wheat.
OREGON. .
PORTLAND, Or., Nov. 14.— Clearings, $471,
922; balances, $71,625.
Northern Wheat Market.
Portland's Business.
CHICAGO, Nov. 14.— CATTLE— Receipts, tt>
000. Including 2000 Western and 600 Texans;
aglOc lower except choice handy weights. Good
to prime steers, $5 SOS'S 85; poor to medium,
$4 SS<!?5 25; selected .feeders, $3 75@4 20; mixed
stockers. $2 60®3 25; cows, $2 50@4 20; heifers.
*2 0^4.75; canners*. $1 *>5<0f2 40; bulls. $2 75@
4 40; calves. *4@5 85; Texas fed steers. $4@4 90,
T"?^ grrass steers, $3 30@4 10;< bulls, $2 50#3 25.
HOGS— Receipts, 43.000; to-morrow, ; 10c
1?^a£ clos ingr stronger. Mixed and butchers,
$4 600-4 92%; good to choice heavy. $4 70@4 90;
rough heavy, $4 55®4 65; light. $4 60@4 92%: bulic
of "?»*,?. $4 75®4 85.
SHEEP— Receipts, 20,000; firm, active; lambs,
Bteady. Good to choice, $4®4 30; fair to choice,
mixed. $3 80@4 10: Western sheep. M®4 40;
» a « sheep. $2 40® 3 50; native lambs, $4 50Q!
6 40; western lambs. $5@6 40.
Chicago Livestock Market.
steady at $27 90@28. . Lake copper was quiet
put firm at $16 .75<g>17; . spelter ruled quiet at
$4 20@4 25; - lead, ? dull at $4 37%.' and » piglron
warrants, quiet at $9@10. Brokers' price for
lead $4, for copper $16 87%@17.
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
WEDNESDAY, Xov. 14—4 p. m.
' Bid. Ask. I Bid. Ask.
Alpha 02 O-VJuctlce 03 04
Alta 01 OS Kentuck 02 04
Andes 04 05 Lady Wash .... — 03
Belcher 16 17 Mexican _ 22 23
Best A Belcher 19 20 O.-cidental 06 OS
Bullion 03 01 Ophlr 73 74
Caledonia ...... 32 35 Overman C< 07
Chollar 10 12 Potosi 08 09
Challenge Con.. 12 14 Savage 13 14
Confidence 55 60 Scorpion \ — 04
Con Cal & Va.. 94 95 Seg Belcher ... 04 C6
Con Imperial... — 01 Sierra Nevada. 20 21
Con New York. 01 — Silver Hill .... 40 41
Eureka Con — 35 St Louis — 10
Crown Point... 08 09 Standard 8 40 —
Exchequer' — 02 Syndicate 06 —
Gould A Curry 92 94 Union Con 14 15
Hale &¦ Norc... 21 22 Utah 07 08
Julia 01 OSl Yellow Jacket.. 21 22
4 On Belcher ......... IS 200 Mexican 22
5C0 Best A Belcher 20 300 Ophir 74
300 Chollar 10 300 Savage 14
4C0 Con Cal A Va.. 95 1500 Sierra Xevada. 21
$00 Gould & Curry 90 600 Yellow Jacket.. 21
200 Hale & Norc... 21
800 Alpha Con C2 100 Occidental 07
300 Con Cal A Va.. 97. 300 Occidental 06
200 Con Cal A Va.. 96 1200 Savage 14
400 Oould & Curry 90 500 Utah 06
200 Mexican ...:.... 23|
Afternoon Session.
Morning Session.
- The following were the sale* In the Pacific
Stock Exchange yesterday:
Afternoon Session.
Board— " " ¦¦•':.'.' JJ
2 Hanford 85 00
20 Home Oil, b JO * 55
100O Independence ....— 21
25 Kern River 18 »0
10 San Joaquln Oil & Development 9 12^4
10 Sterling O & D Co '. * 75
Street—
1000 Four Oil Co 40
U'50 Petroleum Center i. ....... 09
MINING STOCKS.
The following were the sales In' the San Fran
clico Stock and Exchange Board yesterday:
• % Momlnc Session.
100 Belcher IS 150 Con Cal A Vai. M
400 Chollar 11 250 Mexican 23
£00 Con Cal A Va.. 97 100 Sierra Nevada. 21
Altemoon Session.
100 Best A Belcher 13 500 Potosl 03
100 Best & Belcher 20 100 Potosl OS
1C0 Caledonia So 100 Savage 13
200 Caledonia 33 600 Sierra Nevada. 21 i
150 Challenge 12 200 Sierra Nevada. 20
SoO Con Cal & Va.. 9b, 300 Stiver Hill .... 41
ICO Hale A Xorc... 2*« 200 Union Con 15
ICO Occidental 07 400 Yellow Jacket.. 21
200 Overman 07
Morning Session. ,
Board— ¦. - v «l
lfCO California-Standard «>
300 Four Oil Co *0
8 Hanford —...95 00
20O Home Oil - * j»
600 Independence si
50 Kern River ; 13 50
».<• ilcKlttrlck Consolidated 33
60 Oil City Petroleum «4 00
10OO Petroleum Center 10
1500 Petroleum Center CO
11C San Joequln Oil A Development 9 12%
100 Twenty-eight • * K
200 Twenty-eight 2 60
Street—
500 Petroleum Center 09
£0<> Monarch of Arizona 40
PRODUCERS" OIL EXCHANGE.
•WATER STOCKS. v-£
Contra Costa.". 70H 71% Spring Valley. ¦«•> »"
Marin County. 61H —
GAS AND ELECTRIC STOCKS.
Cent L & P Co 4 4% Pac L Co.... — *»
Eqult C L Co. 1% 3% Stc El G&RCo 35 40
Mutual El Co. — 10 S F G & B-... » «*
O G L & H... 50 — San Francisco. 4% »
Pac Gas Imp.. — 52% Stkn G&E Co — «
INSURANCE STOCKS.
Flrem's Fund. 226 230 J
BANK STOCKS. ._,-««.
Anglo-Cal Ltd. 69 — Frist Natlonl.29J w»
Bank of Cal — Lon P & A..-l» 72.
Cal S D & T.105 — Merchants* Ex W »
SAVINGS BANKS. • "« "'
Ger S & L.... — 1900 Sav A L So- — «
Hum S & L.. — — Sec Sav Bk.. — ~
Mut Sav Bk... 50 — Union T Co.. — —
8 F Sav U....51S — * : T
STREET RAILROAD STOCKS.
California ....124 — O S L & H..- »- —
Geary-st 35 - Presidio » n
Market-st .... 68^ 68!4
. POWDER STOCKS. -
California —160 Vigorit ....~— *7» ¦*
Giant Con Co. 83% —
SUGAR STOCKS. "
Hana S P Co. 7% 7% Kllauea S Co. Wm 23
Haw C & 8 Co 85 87 Makawell S Co 42 43%
Honokaa S Co. 31H — Onomea S Co. » —
Hutch S P Co. 28 26% Paauhau S Co. Wi »»
MISCELLANEOUS STOCKS.
Al Pack Assn.124%125 Pao A F A.. VA —
Cal Fruit Asn.104 105 Pac C Bor Co — laa
Mer Ex Assn. 9? ion Par Paint Co. 12% —
Oceanic S Co.. 9S',t'99 i . lifi..;*;
Morning Session.
. Board— •
25 Alaska Packers' Association ...124 75
20 Giant Powder Con 83 87%
150 Hana PlanUtlon Co...... \ jj
20 Makaweli Sugar Co *J 25
2U Market Street Railway w »
ISO Oceanic Steamship Co WOO
$1000 Sacramento Elec. Gas tt Ry 5s. M 75
• 80 S F Gas A Electrio Co 60 50
210 S F Gas & Electrio O. ¦ f J «
UOSF Gas & Electrio Co K 2L
10 8 F Gas A Electric Ob 60 37%
1(» Spring Valley "Water « 7»
100 Vigorit Powder — — * w
.Afternoon Session. :
Board— -. _,.
10 Giant Powder Con ~. w «*J4
160 Hana Plantation Co ' J "H
25 Hawaiian Com'l & Sugar »o 00
70 Hutchlnson S P Co , *{ 00
6 Hutchlnson S P Co . x . 36 12%
JO Market Street Railway... £3 »
•40 Oceanic Steamship Co M J5
$?C0O Oceanic Steamship Bonds- Ill 00
10 S F Ga. 4 Electric Co W WA
60 S F Gas & Electric. Cof. 60 25
150 S F Gas A Eleotrio Co - 5<> 12^4
455 S F Gas A Electric Co 50 00
1H> 8 F Gas &. Electric Co. s 90 »O CO
20 S F Gas & Electric Co. s 90 49 87V4
Mrs. Annie B. Voorhles (owner) with J R
MacGregor (contractor), architect A W Smith
—All work for a 3-story and basement offlc^
building, on let on NE corner of Van X»«9 and
£'1° fiViS'"' E M ' N « 3 - w 2 s . 3 «:». W tt. *
•6C4; {Id* 135.
Henry A. S telling (owner) with George de
Hoff (contractor and architect)— AH work for
a 2-story frame building on lot on W line of
Folsom street. 35 X of Fifteenth. X 25 hv W
85. Mission block 32; $2391. ' . Dy W
Builders* Contracts.
Lena Peterson to George Sterling, lots («. %
and 45 on Revised Map Piedmont Cable Tract
subject to deed of trust. Oakland Township
$10.
Helena and Charles McCormlck tr» Minna C •
Xlehaus. lot on S line of Bristol street. 50 E of
Seventh. E 5A by S 120. being a portion of block
SI. Tract B. Berkeley Land and Town Improve
ment Association, to correct former deed.
Berkeley; $10.
"William P. Dodd to Charles E. Bnrton lots
19. 2«. 38 and 37. block 4. Allendale Tract.
Brooklyn Township; flO. ' •
\V. J. and Florence C. Parker to "William T
Feaehey. lot on NE line of East Twentieth
street. 400 NW of Twenty-fourth avenue. NW
B0 by XE 130. block H. subdivision Fifty. Asso
ciates' Tract. East Oakland: $10.
Emma M. and J. C. Brainard. Loutae A
Wood, Stella H. Wood (single). Henry A and
Agnes L, Wood (his wife) to Corlnne A. Woe<*
(single), undivided 40-84 interest In lot on SR
confer of Eighteenth and Peralta streets E
10O:5V4, 8 54:9, W 114:8. X 8:7%. XE 50-2 to
beginning, being lots 7 and 8, block 8C3-A
Map of Bagrge Tract. Oakland; $l"
Abigail B.. Caroline B. and John H. TToo<i
John Chamberlain Sarah A. and W. E. R o b^
ertson to same, undivided 21-84 interest In same
Oakland; ft. ~ .
James Townsend (sl.nsle) to G. F. Calher?
lot on NW line of Eighth avenue. 100 ME of
East Tenth street. XE so by X"W 100. block
19 Clinton. East Oakland : no.-
Katherlne Klrkpatrtck to Jano H. Hamilton
lot on N line of Edward street. 993 E of Tele
graph avenue. E 30 by X 125. being a portion
of lots 10 and 21. Map of Pacific Theological
Seminary Tract. Oakland; gift.
George H. r>avl» (administrator estate David
Stern) to Selina Stern, alt Interest In the fol
lowing: Lot on E line of Ettle street. 300 S
of A (or Thirty-second). E 133 by S 200. lots 3 *
and 4. block O. Map of Lands of Peralta Home
stead Association. Oakland; also property In
San Francisco; $6230.
Lillle and Thomas F. Hatton to WllHam J.
Kitto. lot 25-foot front by a depth of 100 feet
on S side of Twenty-sixth street, between
Grove and West, together with a flve-rocm cot
tage known as Xo. SR9 Twenty-sixth street.
quitclaim deed. Oakland; $100.
Joan K. Clark to Charles G. . Mayborn, lot
on S line of Thirty-sixth street, at NR corner
lot 7. block 6S2, Watts Tract, thence S 100 w
20:3/ N 100. E 20:3 to beginning, being block
6S2. "Watts Tract. Oakland: grant.
William C. Fletcher to Lacy F. Fletcher lot
on E line cf Edith street. 40.75 8 of Llncoln.
S 40 by E 100. lot 14. block D, Edith Tract!
quitclaim deed. Berkeley: JL
Mary E. Marshall (widow) to Henry Brat
nober. undivided half Interest In lot on NTV cor
ner of Piedmont or Magnolia and Bonlta «v«
nues. X 248.S7. W 361.50. 9 250_ E to beginning
being . all of block 1. Map of Piedmont Park!
Oakland Township: $3000.
Nathaniel C. Page. Herbert A. Paw and
Laura G. Page (his wife) to Charles L. Taylor
that portion of tract 24. lying W of E line of
Bay street. If extended N through said tract
24. on map of Alameda marsh land, as parti
tioned In rait No. $123, Pacific Improvement
Company vs. James A. TVaymlre. et al., quit
claim deed. Alameda; $1.
Hlbernla Savings and Loan Society to Mary
C. Dudley, lot on SE corner of Third and Cas
tro streets. E 75 by S 100, lots 5 to 8. block 23
Kellersberger's Map. Oakland; $100.
Jane Thlery (formerly Wilson) to Selina T.
iBrowne (widow), lots 8, 7. 23 and 29. block 131.
on Corrected Map Avery Tract. Berkeley: $50.
Joan K. Clark to Thomas R. and Ann Evans.
lot 9. block 3. Clements Addition to town of
Melrose. Brooklyn Township; grant.
Oakland; $1.
A. J. and Sophie M. Snyder to A. M. Green
ough. lot on W line of Telegraph avenue. 130.005
X of Thlrty-nrst street, W 134.53. N 10. E 6.
N 30, E 129:07, S 40.00". to beginning, portion
block 2036, Rowland Tract. Oakland; $10.
J. A. and Cora H. MacKenzle to John A. C.
Bret lot on S line of Fourteenth street. 5T.:1
"W of Magnolia, W 26:1 by S 90:8. block 573.
quitclaim deed, Oakland; SI-
J F. and I* M. Carlston to same, same,
Oakland; $1. - ¦ •
Mlntie T. Orr (wMow) to Dora A. Douglas
(widow), lots 1 and 2. Drexler Tract. Oak
land; n. . .. , ¦
Mary B. and X. J. Brtttan to Standard Im
provement Company, lot on W line of East
Valdez street; 300 X of Denniscn. N 50 by W
la. East Oakland; $5.
I E and Sarah H. S. Thayer to I. William
Adams, lots 10. 11 and 12. block A. on map of
Berkeley property maps 1 and 2. Blake Tract.
B Horatlo : L°" and Alice .T. Tlsdale to Alice
Nelson, lot 9, block C. on corrected map
Woolsey Tract, Berkeley: $2000.
Daniel W. and Mary R. Calllns to Fr*na
Wlschenenskl. lot 10S on map of Eneinal Park
•Tract. Alameda; $2700. __.,,.•. .
R M Black to Caroline V. Black, lots 5 and
«. block E. Bay View Homestead. Oakland;
e Isa-»c L. and Sarah I* Reqtsa to George Mal
colm lot on X lln» of Fifty-fourth street, 400
E of Park. E 37:« by N 100. being the TV 37:»
feet of lot 26. block B, Parson's Golden Gate
Tract. Oakland; $10.
Loretta "W. Lambert (wiaowl to J. J. John
eon, lot on XE line of East Xlnth street. 105
NW of Fifth avenue. NTV 35 by XE 10S. block
8, Clinton. East Oakland: $10.
Myron I* and Rebecca TVurts to Town of
Emeryville, lot on S line Park avenne. 1570 TV
of San Pablo avenue, S 123. E 125. X 125, W 125
to beginning, portion of plat 8, Rancho V. and
D. Peralta. Oakland Township; $10.
Tract. Brooklyn Township; 110.
. Henry A. Gerrlch to Fernand Boulogne, lot
on TV line of Benton street, 100 S of Railroad
avenue. S 50 by TV 130, lots 13 and 14. block 36.
map of Mary A. Fitch Homestead, Alameda;
$10.
Andrew and Annie Abrott to Mary I* "Ward,
lot on N line of Sutter street. 100:63 W of Park,
TV 50. X 97.67. E 50.02. S 98.53, to beginning, lot
17. block A. Gasklll Tract. Oakland; $10.
E. G. and Laura A. Hnrsh to X. J. and
Mary L. Cornwall, lot on W line of Chapel
street. 65 N of Bancroft "Way. N 65 by W 60.
portion lot 4. block (, map of Villa lots ad
joining the university site on the south, Berke
ley; $10. |
B. M. and Annta H. Newcomb to Frederick
H. Dakla. lot on W line of Spring street. 208.43
N of Vine, W 135 by S 100. map of Berkeley
View Homestead Association. Berkeley; $10.
Same to same, lot on NTV corner of Vine and
Spring streets. X 208.63. TV 135. S 2X3.54. E 135.36.
to beginning, portion block 1 of same, quit
claim deed. Berkeley; $10.
Union Savings Bank to Bonifacio Ghtlierl.
lots 7, 8 and 9, block 3. Jenks and Mead Home
stead Tract. Alameda; $10.
Maria L. P. and Eduard Rlvest to Frederick
C. Clift. lot on -X line of- Laurel street. 70 E of
San Pablo avenue. E SO by N 100. block II.
Kelsey Tract, subject to a mortgage for $£»,
Christian Ablberg to Albert S. Miller, lot on
W line of Adeline street, 50:10 S of West Third
S 28:2 by W 53:3. block 445. Brig?s Tract, oat
land; $S00.
J. H. and Maria Klrchheiner to Welles Whit
niore, lots 7 to 10, block 48, Tract B. Berkeley
Land aril Town Improvement Association, qu'i
daim deed, Berkeley; $10.
John and ' Margaret Sullivan to Edward ; ;
Alden, lot on NK corner of Catherine street ani
Allston way. E 65. N 80, W 70, S 86 to begin
ning, being a portion of lot 14, block 3. McUee
Tract. Berkeley; |10.
Sam Rlvest to Frederick C. Cllft, lots 5 and
«, block E, on Map of Smith's subdivision
Matthews Tract, subject to a mortgage Berke
ley; no.
Lucy P. and Gerald F. Sheiruan and Caro
line L. Huntoon to Emile R. Abadie. lot on
N- lino of Durant avenue. j>0 i, of Bowditch
street, E 25 by N 130. block 9. Map of Property
College Homestead Association. Berkeley iio
Florence Hyde Chick (a widow) \hy G H
Chick, attorney) to same, lot on N line of
Durant avenue, 75 E of Bowditch street E 23
by N 130. block 9. same. Berkeley $12.
Daniel D. and Annie Hayes to Elizabeth Pel
ton (wife of W. EL). JH acres beginning it a
point on S line of lot 4, Peralta Tract W
from SB •corner thereof, thenc* W 454:8 to
tha center cf Peralta avenue, thence S 316'
E 485. N to beginning, being a portion ot let
t, Peralta Tract. Brooklyn Township; $10
Henry and Jennlo Epstein to Frederick L.
Hunter, lot on W line of Regent street. 247-4. 3
of San Jose avenue, S 33 bjr W ra JV Ala
meda; $19.
George J. and Harriet Turtoa ta Bank ot
N&P*. lot on SE line of flutter street with e
line of "Vicente. SB 137:8. NE 150. NW 50. su p
100. NTV 100. 8W 25. S 23, to beglanlniri' por
tion block E on map of Vicente Peralta. Reser
vation Tract. Oakland; also property la Fres
no; 13.
John McQullkln (administrator of estate o*
Patrick McQullkln) to John Simon, lot on X
line of Eighth • treat, 100 E of Cay N ico by
E 50. lots 28 and 37. block 90. Kellersberger's
map. Oakland: J4S75.
O. L. Shaf ter Estate Company (a corporation)
to H. B. Plnney. lot on X line of Haste street
180 B of Bowditch, E 45 by N 135 being the E
25 feet of lot 8 and W 20 feet of lot », niao cf
Shaf ter property, Berkeley; |1O.
Alfred Stenberg (singlet to O. G Mv lot on
N line of Hllgard avenue. 300 W of EuclliJ
avenue, VT 50 by N 125, lot 9, block 1 Daley 1 1
Scenic Park. Berkeley; $10.
Frederick A. Dodse to Nathan Hurt, lots S
and S8. block B. Fanny Davenport Tract, sub
ject to mortgage, Brooklyn Township; $10.
Charlen 8. and Caroline H. Alvord to William
Corbln. lot on S line of Moss avenue. 249 Wof
Elm street, TV 40, 9 137.7S, E 40. N 138. S3. to be
ginning, lot 20. block P, amended ma? Moss
Tract. Brooklyn Township; $10.
Charles and Clara Mills to sane., lot on W
line of Merrill avenue, 260 9 of Putnam street.
S 44.34. "NTV' 130.92. N 21.83. E 130, to testnair.j.
lot 17 In subdivision C, Frultvala Terminal
excepting undivided half of lot on the NE cor
ner of First and Bryant streets. N 275 by E
137:6; also excepting- lot 133. block 81, Central
Park Homestead: gift.
Jacob Heyman & Ca (corporation) to Amanda
Koch, lot on E line of Forty-eighth avenue, aoo
S of J street. S 25 by E 120: $10.
Amanda Koch to Marie Backmaa. same:
$10CO.
Susan H. Gray to Olive Verkouteren. lot on
N line of Sixth avenue (south), 200 E of K
street, E 108:10, NE 106:1. W 74. S K*>. lot 235,
block 99. Central Park Homestead; $10.
Augustine A. Cavasnaro to Emma C. Cavag
naro, all property described In the decree of
distribution of the estate of Carlo* Cavagaaro.
deceased: gift.
SI. A. Meier (widow) to G. B. Cbiolno, lot 7,
block 530. Bay View Homestead: grant.
Alameda County.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL., THURSDAY, NOVEMBER 15, 1900.
In the division of redemption, shows: Avail
able cash balance. $186,489,816; gold, $94,840,561.
New York Grain and Produce
LOCAL MARKETS.
10
COMMERCIAL AND FINANCIAL NEWS
I Lut I This I Last
STATIONS. ,24 Hours] Season, j Season.
Eureka J.25 8.«
Bed Bluff „ .... J.71 4.85
Sacramento 1.78 B.M
S«n FVanclsco 1.12 6.44
Futno .« 2.4t
l!idej>«^iaenee .K .T»
e»n Ltsls Obtspo l.W 4.43
Lof Aneele« .11 1.77
6*n Diego .18 .71
I Lut I This I Last
STATIONS. ,24 Hours] Season, j Season.
Eureka J.25 8.«
Bed Bluff „ .... J.71 4.85
Sacramento 1.78 B.M
S«n FVanclsco 1.12 6.44
Futno .« 2.4t
l!idej>«^iaenee .K .T»
e»n Ltsls Obtspo l.W 4.43
Lof Aneele« .11 1.77
6*n Diego .18 .71' -Auditor Wells : has decided not to * follow
the plan of Issuing a blanket demand to
pays election, officers, '. > which was . done
after the last primary *lection. There are
about ' 2500{offlcers to - be paid," and as ¦¦ tho
sum involved is $20,000 or $25,000 the Audi
tor : says '-¦ that . individual demands - will , be
made' out in his office. Though it will ne
cessitate i m*. great « amount of labor, . Mr."
Wells is convinced that any other plan Is
Irregular and might result in fraud. ; ; -
Demands of Election Officers.
> There was a Jollv : time at Garibaldi
Hall..; on .Broadway,: last ..night. The
annual social* and ballj given .byithe Col-'
ored Club of : 1900;: proved . to be a success,
and ! Its: features 'were highly /ehJoyabLv
Harry Stewart.'.the master.of ceremonies,
carried ' the > entire * programme : : through
without a hitch. -He was ably. assisted in
the management -, by his two. brothers,
Jack and George, ; Sam King and , Joe Ve
lentl. ¦ The cakewalklng and two-step pol
kas were the features of the evening." Tho
cakewalk 5 was led ¦ by , Stewart and s Stew
art. George ; Hoganand Mrs. Ferris rand
Little Tutle ? Taylor i and -Eva Lucurgus.
Two ' chickens -perched - on barrels" and '¦. a
large ' cake ¦ wero •. the - prizes. The : compe
tition .was sharp. -" ¦-.' ¦ - ,
Colored . Club's Ball.
Decrees of divorce were granted yester
day to Alice Baldwin from Otis E. Bald
win for neglect, Lulu' Lawrence from
Charles Lawrence for cruelty, Emma
Theresa Willis from William F. Willis for
desertion. Rosia McCarty, from Joseph
McCarty for failure to provide and Mary
Norton from Algernon V. Norton for de
sertion.
Suits for divorce were filed yesterday
by Kate Bergman against Adolph ~ J.
Bergman on statutory grounds. Josephine
Estevalleze against Jules Estevalleze for
failure to provide, Elizabeth P. Keattch
against Job H. Keattch for 'desertion,
Arthur" A- Mole against May Mole for
Intemperance, John Forster against Jane
Forster for Intemperance, Harry - Crow
against Julia Crow for desertion and
Carolyn B.- Hoch against* William Hoch
for desertion- - " .
In the Divorce Court.
Michael: Dunning, a teamster, living at
644 • Ninth street, met .with a peculiar acci
dent last* night, : which * may possibly re
sult in his death. 'Dunning had loaded his
wagon ; with ; lumber ; on ', King street, ' be
tween Sixth - and Seventh, • and had Just
mounted the wagon, when he fell off. He
landed on his head and was picked up in
an unconscious condition by a number of
fellow teamsters. .He was removed. to the
Receiving Hospital, where Jit was found
that his Injuries consisted ot a number of
lacerated; wounds of the scalp, a broken
right shoulder and hip and internal inju
ries.* The latter are the most serious and
will probably cause his death. ;
Teamster's Fall May. Prove Fatal.
.The dancing last night of the many lit
tle ones composing the class at Matil
dita's School of Dancing at 1605 Polk
street was a pretty feature of a pleasant
entertainment. The - . little graduates,
Cora Spear- and Nannctte Leavy, were
very clever and showed marked ability In
many different dances. Following is the
programme: ; . , ¦
by the orchestra j Tamburill Dance.
by Vey*ey and Vlllalon: Skirt. Dance, by Frap
cls Robinson: Madrilena Dance, by Rublo
Waytt. Lith. Blossom. Robinson. Josefa, WlU
Mlldrld:. Hornpipe. .by Lupita; Lovers' Polka
by Bress and Mooser; Cachucha Dance by
Anita Uth; Volunteers -Dance, by Cora Spear*
Skirt Dance, by Alice . Cane : sonr, - by ¦¦ Pearl
Ladd: Silver Ballet, by MUdrtd. Monaco Vllla
lon. /Will. Waytt. Luplta. Blossom. Robinson
Sllva, Anita; -toe . dancing:. -by . Nannetto T
Leavy ; longr. by , Hazel Ott ; , Buck and "Win*'
by Marion Cane; Toe Dane*, by Cora Spear
sons and dance, by Peplto Ferrando; Spanish
Dance, by Anita. Lith : Santiago . Dance by
Hazel Ott; Minuet Dance, by Leavy Spear
Kubto, Lupita, Veysey, .Robinson: sons; and
dance, by Lulu Wall: Spanish Dancing by Car
men;-Cakewalk, by Lupita.; "Spanish Flower."
"Miss- Pearl - Ladd ;-Tarantela, by Lith. ¦ Robin
•on, Lupita. Sllva, Mlldrld. Rublo.Waytt VU
laion: Graduation of Miaa Cora Spear and Nan
nette X.;l*aY*.
CLEVER LITTLE/ DANCERS
PLEASE LARGE AUDIENCE
Matildita's Pupils Trip * the Light
. Fantastic at the School Graduat
--. ' • ! ing Exercises...
OAKLAND, Nov. 14.— Licenses to marry
were issued to-day to John Alfred Me-
Cutcheon. 28, and Emma * McClellan, 31,
Oakland; Manuel Sllva, 23. San Leandro,
and Mary Rose Leman, 19. San Lorenzo;
James Joseph Keilly, 39, and Flora P •in* •
roy, 36, Stockton; J. Ward Eaton. 21, San
Francisco, and Mabel Moore. 13, Ala
meda: Frederick Thomas Williamson, 21,
Berkeley, and Emma R. Clawson, 13. Oak
land; Edward Ernest Gehring. 26. and Inez
.Van Buskirk. 20. Oakland. •
Licenses to Marry.
It is expected that this pian will result
In a large increase in the country mem
bership of the institute.
The board of trustees of the Mechanics'
Institute decided to extend the member
ship of the institute library out into the
country and make arrangements whereby
clubs may be formed In the interior towns
f£ r purpo 2£ of obtaining books from
the library. The arrangement Is that a
group of ten or more persons may Join
the Institute., paying the same dues as
»£ members and once each month a box
of books will be sent to some one person
charged with their distribution. This
same party will attend also to returning
the books once each month. The charge
for freight on the books will be borne by
the country members, but this will be so
slight that It will be an enormous advant
age, as heretofore country members have
had to pay postage both ways on all bookb
used by them. • .
Mechanics' Institute Extension.
Sits With the Widow of; the Steamer
Captain's Victim During 1 the
Murder Trial.
STOCKTON, Nov. 14,-The Jury which is
to try Captain A. F. Williams for tha kill-
Ing of ' Conductor William Martin was
sworn in Judge Jones' court to-day, and
the taking of testimony began: Williams
betrayed an interest in the proceedings,
but no excitement. His. wife, however!
was intensely nervous. Mrs. Estelle Wil
liams, the divorced wife of the accused
sat with Mrs.' Martin, the widow of Wil
liams' victim, until both were excluded
under the rule governing witnesses. Mrs
Williams the first signalized her entrance
Into court yesterday by kissing Mrs. Mar
tin. She was with Martin at the baths the
evening he was killed and has caused her
former husband all the trouble she could
since their divorce. Her movements in
this case are anything but : indicative of
'sympathy for him; ; " -
The defendant's present wife, his mother
an'd his sister had places beside him to
day and, not being witnesses, were allowed
to remain. The :f act that Judge Budd ad
mitted Williams to. bail Is regarded as a
point vin his- favor, as fixing thedegree
of murder,- If any, of which he may be
guilty, but it looks as though the District
Attorney Intends to press.- the ¦• case - for
capital punishment. In his address to-dav
District Attorney Ashley said; he would
attempt to prove that the killing was will
ful and deliberate.. ;; - ' ..¦; ¦ .-..:.-.¦
.Williams' defense Is -based on the claim
that, Martin on entering, the: barroom ad
vanced toward : him , and ; attempted to
strike him, when. In self-defense, he drew
his revolver^ and. fired. Dr. .Sargent was
the only .witness called to-day.^
.TRACT, Nov. 14.— An unknown man wa*
killed her© to-night while' attempting: tto : steal '
a. ride en the Los Angeles flyer. His body was
horribly mangled.
WILLIAMS' FORMER WIFE
SEEKS HIS CONVICTION
of age, .and residing; at 155 Trumbull
street, was struck and killed by a Mis
sion-street carbon- the Ingleslde road last
'night. The milkman's 'skull was frac
tured.- The motorman of the car, Stephen
W.' Turner^ was arrested and charged
with manslaughter. .
'Keehan conducted ; a milk ranch : where
he resided. He had supplied his custom
ers'yesterday afternoon and was return
ing from.the city when he met his death.
He drove along the .Ingleslde road and
was Just turning off into Trumbull street
when car N». 1030 struck his wagon. Tbe
motorman : says* he .did- 'not know the
1 driver was going. to turn so quickly and
that he had -no opportunity of stopping
In time to prevent the accident. .After the
car struck the milk wagon Keehan was
thrown : to the ground. * Hi s head . struck
the. pavement, rendering him unconscious.
The ; reins became entangled ; about his
body " and he * was . dragged ! several yards
before the horse could, be stopped. ,.
The Injured man was conveyed • to the
railroad hospital, >. but v died • In* a • short
time. His body was taken to the Morgue.
AGED MILKMAN STRUCK
-AND KILLED BY A CAR
i .¦¦/¦
James S. Keehan, a milkman, 60 yeara
OAKLAND. Nov. 14.— W. B, Greene
baum. guardian of the estate of Mary
Lellah Kirkham Tarde-Buller, has pe
titioned the Superior Court for permission
to sell a portion of the personal property
of the incompetent woman, giving as a
reason his desire to pay. debts amounting
to $5000 which have accrued against her
estate. The debts are owing to sundry
creditors for necessaries. The petitioner
says he has no money on hand with which
to satisfy the clamoring creditors and that
he has largely indebted himseif for money
advanced by him for the current needs of
Lady Yarde-Buller.
Greenebaum seeks to sell the following
property: Three first mortgage gold
bonds of the Portland Gas Company,
valued at par at $1000 each, with the cou
pons attached, aggregating the sum of
I 2640 - - - '
T.ATW -YARDE-BUIXEB/S
:; ' ESTATE IS IN DEBT
Guardian W. B. Greenebaum Asks
Permission to Sell Some of the
Personal Property.
"Work has been started on some import
ant improvements to the Southern Pa
cific's central division between Ogden and
Sacramentc. The construction depart
ment has about 200 men and 400 horses at
work grading „ and relaying portions of
track in Utah and* Nevada. Curves are
being shortened and grades that have
heretofore prevented locomotives from
making good time are being reduced
wherever practicable. It is expected that
the improvements will shorten the time
schedule between here and Chicago very
materially.
The changes have long been under con
templation and. .the announcement that
they are to be pushed along without fur
ther delay will prove of no small interest
to patrons of this road as well as railroad
men generally. Chief Engineer Hood said
yesterday that It was impossible to tell
when the work would be finished, as the
department Is acting under orders from
the New York office. Later, If It is thought
best to speed the work, the present force
will probably be doubled.
Important Improvements Begun. by-
Southern Pacific Between Ogden
and Sacramento.
SHORTER TIME BETWEEN .
THIS CITY AND CHICAGO
nolds in a vacant lot' at Army and Caro
line streets, was found guilty by Judge
Cabaniss yesterday of discharging ! fire
arms within the city limits. He will be
sentenced to-day. Johnson had a shot
gun and fired at the horse Just, as he said,
"for fun."
R. A. Thurman, saloonkeeper, 440^ Sixth
street, had a charge of assault to murder
against him dismissed by "Judge Cabaniss
yesterday: Daniel Frawley, a teamster,
went into Thurman's saloon and started
to demolish things,,and Thurman armed
himself with a. revolver and ordered him
out. Frawley refused and made a rush
at Thurman, who fired and the bullet
grazed Frawley's shoulder. Frawley was
charged with assault with a deadly weap
on. The case was dismissed.
C. F. Pearsall, alias Edwards, alias
Rogers, was held . to answer before the
Superior Court by Judge Fritz yesterday
on a charge of grand larceny in $2000
bonds. He stole a horse. and buggy from
'the Club Stables on : Taylor street.
J. S. Hanson,' 112 Kearny street, secured
a warrant from Judge Fritz yesterday for
the arrest of Carl J.-Tarp on a charge of
felony embezzlement. - Hanson alleges
that he gave Tarp, $400 worth of furs to
sell on commission and he sold them and
appropriated the proceeds. .- • ;
* James Campbell, a produce broker, who
had his «on. James Campbell Jr.,- arrested
for vagrancy, "told. Acting Police Judge
Barry yesterday that he had arranged to
send the, boy away- on a deep water ves
sel Friday, and he asked that the case
against the young man be dismissed. It
was done. :
BOY SHOOTS AND KIIXS
A HORSE. JUST FOR FUN
Albert Johnson Convicted of Bis
charging Firearms* in the City
• Limits.
Albert Johnson, the boy who shot and
killed a horse belonging to James Rey-
ment of Marriage.
.Daniel Charles Robertson, a .Toronto
capitalist, at present residing in this city,
must show cause before Judge Troutt on
the 30th lnst. why a decree annulling hi3
marriage to Bertha Elizabeth Robertson,
to whom he has been married less than a
year, should not be vacated and Bet aside.
Mrs. Robertson, in a petition filed re
cently, asks the court to set aside the de
cree on the ground that it was ob
tained by fraud. She alleges that her hus
band never acquired a legal residence in
this city and that a copy of the summons
had never been served on her. In an affi
davit filed yesterday Mrs. Robertson al
leges that the whole proceeding against
her was tainted with fraud. She admits
having signed a paper consenting to the
annulment and admitting that., she was
subject to epilepsy, but she now asserts
that her signature to- the Instrument was
secured through the exercise of hypnotic
Influence over her. She further admits
that on one occasion she went Into a con
vulsion, as alleged by her husband, but
claims that it was merely the result of a
flight caused by a man's threat to kill
her.
She demands that the case be reopened,
and unless Robertson can show good cause
on the 30th inst. why this should not be
done an order directing the retrial of the
case will be made.
CAPITALIST ROBEBTSON
IS CHARGED WITH PEAUD
Wife Says She Was Hypnotized and
Forced to Consent to Annul-
GO-BETWEEN FOR
ROBBERS CAUGHT
Arrest of William Seigle
maD, Ex-Convict, by the
Local Police.
The light, the one gleam of my hope, my
precious dear and lovely darling: I have
that is— I hardly know how to tell you how It
Happened. I had been up against it for two—
• V. CHICO. Xov. 1. 1900.
Dear Girl: You must be careful how you
art an<l what you say. Give them to under
•tand that we fell out and that you shook
tn*. Nobody will be the wiser. They will aay
:- "ii are mortified oa account of the position in
which I have placed you. but don't pay any
attention to them. After I am either convicted
or turned loose you can go boldly forth. Ton
ttin now, but to nave your reputation It Is
rood policy not to show up In public. I kftow,
Annie, that you would do anything for my
!t.,>, but I wish to protect you. So far as
the Bttzff that I sent you Is concerned you are
all rlBht. Ju»t refuse to be interviewed on the
cubj«a. What you have got Is on the square.
They can't hurt you. Tou had • better write
to Billy J. You know hl« addrees. Tell him
tc turn my room otT and send clothes to Bob.
There is nothing in the room that I am afraid
ef. Keep Bob from worrying. Turn my
papers and books over to my sister
Carrie to keep for roe. a« I wish to
i-pirase you from further responsibility.
Now, dear, what was paid between us we
wtu tmry with th« past. I will .never cease to
lonjr for your smiles and to love you. My one
r»-pr»t in that I am In love with you. If I was
not I could forget rou. but it never can be. I
«lo not m-ant to blot your young life by ever
nuirireKtln*; or speaking your name. How.un
worthy I am — how unfortunate. If I bad taken
your advice and left Alameda for the East
all would now be well. My tools^ are what
rave me away, but I am not a dead one yet.
My r>srd may be able to rave me, yet my at
tempted escape and past record will hurt me;
but it requires evidence to send a man across
the bay. Tell -Billy that I had a friend that
came up from the city. He brought me some
saws, but they guard me so closely that I find
It Impossible to do anything. Be careful about
Carrie V. Do not mention anything to her.
Take good care of yourself. Hold your head
up. I hope you will be fortunate enough in
getting a good husband. Be careful of your
associates and completely satisfy yourself of
their sincerity when you seriously think of
ratting married. I am heartbroken to think
that I have lout tou. Oh, If I had never loved
how much happier I would be> even though I
am In Jail. To love and to lose— my God, it*
terrible. Good-by darling, the light of my life.
ood-hy. Yours as ever, F*.
Another letter from French to his sweet
heart reads as follows: "
Seymour and his men while searching
for the mysterious box which was shipped
here from Chico by French and Tessf er
and was consigned to a man named Wolf,
ascertained that Seigieman was the per
son who received the plunder. . Yesterday
he was located at his home at Twenty
second and Minnesota streets and placed
under arrest. Seigieman at first denied
that he had received the box which is sup
posed to have contained the plunder of
the- desperate pair, but finally he admitted
that it had been sent to his house by a
friend. After conFiderable questioning he
caid he was acquainted with Tessler, but
he Etrenuously denied that he had assisted
him and French in blowing up safes. He
also declared that he had never been In
trouble, even to denying that he had been
en inmate of San Quentln. When con
fronted with his picture in the Rogue's
<;.i;,i-ry he broke down and admitted that
he had served a term in San Quentln.
Seigieman, so the police claim, is the
man who shipped the tools used in open
ing safes, to French and Tessler. The
tools, which are considered by the police
the most complete kit that has come
under their notice for some time, were
foi«nd on the F.afecrackers when arrested
by the Marshal of Chico. It is positively
known that French and Tessier shipped
a box containing Jewelry and other stolen
articles to Seigieman. and after receiving
th» box he took it to his home where he
broke it open and subsequently disposed
of the plunder. Seigieman will be taken
to Chico to-«iay where he will be tried
jointly with the safecrackers.
Yesterday the police gave out a letter
which was written by Seigieman to Tes
eier. It was found on Testier when he
wa.s arrested. Seigieman wrote him that
he had received the box and that every
thing was all right. He warned him to
be careful as he was likely to serve an
other term- in the penitentiary. French,
who Is considered one of the most ex
pert eafecrackers in the country, was in
lore, as shown by the following which was
found on his possession.
Through the efforts of Captain of De
t«?ctives Seymour, the go-between for
French and Tessier, the eafecxackers who
are tinder arrest at Chico, is safely locked
up In the tanks. His name Is William
Seigleman. He is an ex-convict, having
served a five-year term In San Quentln
for a burglary committed In Los Angeles.
While in the penitentiary he became ac
quainted with the safecrackers. who were
also serving- terms for burglary.
"I have been thinking all along that
when ballot/ were costing half a cent
each, before there was any printing . on
them." said the Registrar, "that the price
for the paper must be exorbitant. I there
fore visited reliable paper houses In thlg
city and secured statements from them
concerning the prices at which they would
furnish the same paper. I found that
the rates ranged from 4.5 cents per
pound to 6 cents, which was the" high
est. The offers were as follows: Bone
stell & Co., 5 cents per pound for 300 to
400 reams and 4.C3 cents per pound for a
carload; Blake, Moffitt & Towne, 4&
cents per pound for two carloads and 5^,
cents, per. pound for a. less quantity
Santa Clara Valley Paper Company, 6
cents per pound. The price charged by
the Secretary of State was $2.50 per ream,
which is at the rate of 12^4 cents a pound
I have received the following letter from
Bonestell & Co., to whom the ballot
paper was shown as the sample that they
refer to:
SAN FRANCISCO, Nov. 13. 1900 '
Thomas J. . Walsh— Dear Sir: We will quote
you on 300 or 400 reams of, paper, as -per your
cample, 6 cents per pound; or for a carload of
tame, 4.65 cents per pound. Trusting to hear
fiom you again and thanking: you for the in
quiry, we remain respectfully yours,
BONESTELLi & CO.
"The bill was passed by the Election
Commissioners before they had any
knowledge that anything was wrong in
the price. After I had investigated I
told Mayor Phelan about what I had dis
covered and he then said that he would
veto the bill. I have seen his communi
cation to the Board of Supervisors.
Mayor Phelan wished me to be sure that
the facts were right.- I have written
communications from the three paper
firms that I have mentioned. I did not
call upon Zellerbach, because I am in
formed that he furnished the ballot paper
to the Secretary of State's office."
Mayor Phelan has vetoed the bill for
the paper, cent down from the office of
the Secretary/of State from Sacramento,
upon which the ofllcial ballots were
printed at the general election. He will
bring the matter before the Board of Su
pervisors at the meeting to "be held next
Monday. The bill has been approved by
the Election Commissioners. Since then
Registrar Walsh has been investigating
the paper market and he has been con
vinced that the county was charged at
least twice what the paper was worth
and could be bought for. Upon his In
formation, which he has given to the
Mayor, that official has based his veto.
Supervisors Will Consider
Price Charged the
County.
BALLOT PAPER
BILL IS VETOED
FOR PRESIDENTIAL ELECTORS.
Republican— Shortridge. 14.324; Barrett, 14.262;
Ryan. 14,220: Power. 14.230: Da vis. 14.259; Rode, t
14.217: McGowan. 14,226; Porter, 14,188; Mc-
Fadden, 14,095.
Democratic— Seawell, 6677; Stlmson, 6838;
Haynes, 6664; Jacobs, 6644; Prather, 6662; Rag
gett, G6.-.0; Block. 6641; Rice, 6645; Cole. 6569. •
Social Democratic— Blddle, 828; Dewey, 816;
Gafvert 805; Hauch, 827; Main, 813; Anthony
812; Reed, 814; Reynolds, 814; Stephens, 818.
' Prohibition— Blanchard. J32: Taylor. 827;
Coble, 821- Atwood. 325; "Winchester. 325: Mor
cum. 325; Kelly. 341; Bristol. 822; Webb, 226.
FOR CONGRESS.
Metcalf (R.), 18.716; Freeman (D.), 6614;
DagTie (S. D.). 725; Holt (P.). 236.
FOR "STATE SENATOR. ,.
Twenty-seventh District— Lukens (R.), 6454;
Griffith (D.), 1894; Andrew (8. D.), 288; May
(P.). 181
FOR MEMBERS OF THE ASSEMBLY.
Forty-fcxth Dletrlct— Mattos (R.), 1710: May
(D.). 1172; Russell (P.), 8.
Forty-seventh District— Knowland (R.), 3077;
Bartlett (D.), 991; Altona (3. D.), 223; Van
crom (P.), 46. •
Forty-elchth District— Kelley (R.). 1480;
White (D.).-742; Pratt (S. D.). 109.
Forty-ninth District— MoWade (R.), 1868;
Odder (D.), 1371; Forsberg (8. D.), 139; Phil
lips (P.), 37. . *
Fiftieth District— Bliss (R.). 2043: Mara CD.).
850; Phllbrick (S. D.). 98; Humphrey (P.), 41.
Fifty-first District— Foster (R.). 8376; Reboll
(D.). 1130; Lesser (S. D.), 168; Wales. (P.), 127.
FOR JUDGES OF THE SUPERIOR COURT.
Kllsworth (R.). 14.769; ; Ozden (R.), 14.857;
O'Brien (D.). 4823; Holman (D.). 464J; Smith
(S. D.). 824: Lless (S. D.), i 729; Sawyer (P.),
232; Clark (P.). 263.
/ FOR SUPERVISORS. - t
First District— Horner (R.), 1271;- Wells CD.),
1123: Anthony (P.), 6.
Fourth District— Rowe (R.), 2987; English
(D.), 1553; Renton (S. D.), 101; Roth (lad.),
639: Tiffany (Ind.). 203.
Fifth District— Mitchell (R.), 8621; . Landre
g-an <D.). 1941; Bradley (3. D.), 223; Pelouze
(Ind.), 662. . : .
FOR JUSTICE OF THE PEACE.
(Town, of Berkeley.) • '
Edgar and.), 1173; Gentry. (Ind.). 19;" Lloyd
(Ind.). 674: . Lord (Ind.), SJO. ¦ .
CONSTITUTIONAL AMENDMENTS.
Assembly No.- 6— For. 9248: against. 851».
Assembly No.. 23— For, 11,122; against, 5165..'
Senate No. 14— For,- 71S4; against, 6585.
Senate No. 4— For, 10,559; against," 3830.
' Senate No. 9— For. 6018; against. 7471.
' Senate No. 15— For. 7066; ajainst, 4784.
Senate No. 22— For. E30S; against, 7293. . '
Total vote cast 23,070
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
1118 Broadway, Nov. 14. |
The official canvats of the vote of Ala
meda County- was completed to-day and
shows the. official majority of the Repub
lican ticket In* this county to be 7647 out of
a vote of 23,070 cast. The majority given
the McKlnley electors in Alameda County
Is greater than the total vote' given the :
Bryan electors. The majority of Metcalf
for Congress Is -7142, which Is also greater
than the total vote for his antagonist.
Frank Freeman. The figures show but
very small change from the figures pub
lished In The Call after the election, in
most cases The Call figures being within
three or four votes of the official result.
The official figures are as follows:
Every Bepublican Candidate Is Given
a Handsome Majority- and "¦-¦» i
No Democrats Are ' ', .*V.
Elected. ' ; - ; "
Official Canvass of the
County. of Alameda
Completed.
REPUBLICAN VOTE
IS TWO TO ONE
The address of welcome was delivered
by Rev. Lawrence Serda, pastor of Sacred
Heart Church and spiritual director of
the State Council. The treasurer's report
showed that from June 30. 1898. to June
30, 1900, the order in California paid into
the widows' and orphans' fund J32.6S4 and
received J29.0Q0 In benefits.'
During the afternoon session there was
an address by Archbishop Riordan. The
following named State officers were
elected:. Spiritual director. Rev. Law
rence Serda; president, John Lynch of
Oakland; vice president, M. J. O'Hara of
Oakland; secretary. T. C. Rowe of Berke
ley; treasurer, F. B. Schoensteln of San
Francisco; supreme representative, E. J.
Flanagan of Oakland: alternate repre
sentative, H. P. Wheeler of Los Angeles.
The council -will meet in San Francisco
•in November, 1902. At the banquet this
evening Thomas Leach was toastmaster.
branch No. 297.- Sacred Heart ¦ parish— P. - J.
Brophy, Thomas Gallagher. Branch Xo. 4S5.
St.'V'ranct* de Sales — Daniel Crowley. Branch
No. 604. St. Mary's— John Lynch. . Branch No.
702, St. Patrick's— E. J. Flanlgsn. German
Drancb, San Francisco— J. F.Bill and B. Lin«
weber. San Franclico— William McCann. John
T. Cosgrove, P. 'J. Eagan. Dr. J. F. Gibbon.
Lob Angeles— Harry W. Wheeler. ¦William Slm
klnB. Sacramento— Michael Hughes, J. W.
Quinlan. "San Dle*o^J. B. Mannix. Berkeley
-M. J. Powell.
The following committees were ap
pointed: _^
Credentials— T. J. Kelleher, E. J. Flanagan,
Dr. J. F. Gibbon. Finance— John Lynch, H. F.
Wheeler. Michael Hughes. Appeals and griev
ances—P. J. Brophy. D. J. Crowley.- B. Ldne
weber. Printing and mileages-Harry F.
Wheeler. J. F. Bill. J. W. QulUlnan. Laws and
order— J. B. Mannix, T. J. Gallagher, J. Lynch.
New business— E. J. Flanaean. <H. F. Wheeler,
P. J. Brophy. ,
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
1118 Broadway, Nov. 14.
' The biennial State Council of the
Catholic Knights of America was held to
day at Sacred Heart Hall. After high
mass at Sacred Heart Church, which the
delegate! attended in a body, the business
session was opened by State Vice M. J.
Haran. The following were the dele
gates:
Biennial Session Is Held
at- Sacred Heart
Hall.
STATE COUNCIL OF
CATHOLIC KKIGHTS
Expert Adams Cnds room In hia esti
mates for some big items, the presence of
which gives Mr. Hayne room for much
examination. Adams figured that during
the first nineteen years of the Contra
Costa. Water Company's existence it suf
fered, a loss of $500,000. -At least he calcu
lated that as the difference between a to
tal of on bonds, dividends on
stock and outlay on new construction and
what would be the~ return from the cur
rent rate of interest on the capital stock.
By further calculation of losses and de
terioration of plant, which Adams claims
the consumers should be compelled to ;
meet, the engineer reached the enormous
total of $2,592,523 for the Contra Costa
plant, and excluding the Alvarado sys
tem. It is In the evidence that this forma
33 1-3 per cent of his total valuation or the»
entire system upon which the water "com
pany asks the court to make a Judicial'
decree. This tremendous figure Is about
the same as the valuation which Adams
placed upon the Alvarado (Dlngee) plant.
In response to Mr. Hayne's questions,"
Mr. Adams said his figures on the Dingee
system were simply those for which It
had been purchased, namely, $1,500,000 in
bonds at par and $1,500,000 in stock worth
70 cents on the dollar. He had not calcu
lated the value . by actual cost ot the
works. •
He said the Alvarado system was worth
$2,550,000 to the Contra Costa Water Com
pany, because that was what the company
had paid for It.
The' Contra Costa plant up to 1883, Ad
ams said, had earned 5.62 per cent, but
he claimed It should have' earned 7 per
cent. Without estimating the so-called
losses and deterioration, Adams deter
mined that the plant would be worth 12.
592.000'by one estimate and $3,017,000 ac
cording to another that he had made. In
cluding the two omitted Items, his esti
mate ran up to $4 .600,000.
This Alvarado • supply, which cost the
Contra Costa Company $2,550,000, has been
worked up to nearly its full limit, accord
ing to Engineer Adams. But the expert
thinks the supply is fairly well protected,
although he admitted . to Judge Hayne
that extensive development of the same
underground sources might Interfere with
the supply.'
Adams did not 'think there was much
danger of an Incursion Into the artesian
belt at Alvarado by other capital,- so upon
that ground and the . fact that the com
pany- controls 360 acres of land there he
thought' the supply* would not be Inter
rupted. . • • • _ . • . . '
1113 Broadway. Nov. 14.
The difference between an estimate of
value and actual cost based upon the ad
mitted meager records of the Contra Cos
ta Water Company has resulted In a wide
difference of opinion among the few ex
perts who have already testified for the
water company as to valuation of Its
plant. It Is purely a matter of specula
tion how much wider differences will de
velop as the small army of experts as yet
unheard are given a chance to exploit the
results of their Inquiries.
To-day was the third day of Expert Ad
ams' appearance on the witness stand,
and Attorney Hayne was not ready to «ay
at the close of the session when he would
be through with his cross-examination of
the Los Angeles engineer.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call.
Figures From Expert Adams
Disclose Mathematical
Acrobatics.
VALUES REACH
TOP-NOTCH POINT
The woman to whom the letters were
written Is Annie Petry. who lives in Ala
meda.
yes three times since I left you. I have fallen,
my love one. How hard I cannot tell you Just
yet. So far as I know I am afraid, dVar, that
I am In for It again. To be brief, they have
pinched me. I am in the Chico Jail without
even a chance of. telling my troubles up a
ppeaklng tube. Fatty is with me. I was fool
ish for coming: here, but It can't be helped
now. I know that you will prove loyal to me
my darlirur. even in - this dark hour. Keep
your mouth closed and they will find It hard
to convict me. Yours devotedly, F.
arge representation of the oil Interests
>n the floor of the convention.
MINERS WHO WILL BE PROM
INENT IN PROCEEDINGS OF
THE CONVENTION.
Accident Before Their Wounds
Are Properly 3>ressed.
* Three Chinese injured in a railroad ac
cident some live miles below San Lucas,
Monterey County, early yesterday morn
ing were bumped around the streets last
night, fourteen hours after the accident,
until some place could ' be found where
their injuries might be treated! ¦'-
The injured Chinese were part of a sec
tion gang employed by the Southern Pa
cific Company. They left their camp early
yesterday morning and some hours later
were found lying on the side of an em
bankfnent. They say their car was run
Into by a train. • - •
The sufferers were placed on an incom
ing train and landed at Third and Towns
end streets about 6 o'clock. They in
gaged a wagon to take them to China
town, but could find no place to receive
them. The doctors at thfe Railroad Hos
pital 6 Id not know anything about iho
affair so declined to receive the Chinese.
The Rev. Mr.' Brewer, attached to one
of the Chinese missions; secured the ad
mission of Tom Jung, suffering with e.n
injured, back, and Leong Dip, badly con
tused, into the Oriental Dispensary, main
tained .by the Chinese .Six Companies, at
828 Sacramento' street.
Woo Wong suffering with a broken leg
and a broken wrist, was removed to the
Receiving Hospital. Word was received
from the Chinese Six Companies asking
that no operation be performed on -Woo
Wong until they were advised of the no
ture of his injuries. The fractures wero
reduced by Drs. Bunnell and Starr.
Shortly after Woo Wong had been taken
to the Receiving Hospital the doctors at
the Railroad Hospital notified the Chinese
that the injured men would be received
at the Railroad Hospital this morning.
Suffer Fourteen Hours After Railroad
INJTJRED CHINESE GET
MEDICAL AID TAB.DII/5T
insulators, wire cutters a-nd other appli
ances for running wires. There were rub
ber gloves for handling wires, a hand ax,
a small sledge hammer, bits and braces,
placers, cold chisels and screw drivers.
Even a. pocket foot rule and a tape meas
ure were Included in the outfit. Some of
the drills and cold chisels appeared to
have been used. Most- of the tools wero
new. The burglars had glass goggles with
wire guards to protect .their eyes and a
small black silk skull cap was not for
gotten In the outfit.
Candles partly burned were dug out of
the basket, while a pair of moccasins were
The detectives do not say they have
positive evidence that French left the out
fit at the bank. They reason from the
fact that a very similar lot ef tools were
found with him at Chico that he was the
man.
To-day the Alameda police visited
French's, room on Railroad avenue near
Oak street. Alameda, and recovered a lot
of silk goods, clothing, jewelry and shoes
which were stolen from various Oakland
stores.
evidence of the care that had been taken
in the selection of important parapher
nalia.
BURGLAR'S ELECTRICAL OUTFIT CACHED IN AX UNDERGROUND
VAULT NEAR THE CALIFORNIA BANK OF OAKLAND BY INTEND
ING SAFECRACKERS, AND FOUND BY THE POLICE
THE California miners are about to
gather for their annual convention.
The advance guard is here. Senator
John F. ftavls, chairman of the com
mittee on legislation, has already
prepared his annual report, which is (>t
great importance. Judge John M. Wright,
chairman of the committee, on mineral
lands, has another report that will be dis
cussed. President Ralston has an annual
message that is said to fairly bristle with
points. A. CaminettI, chairman of . the
committee on dams, will report on the
work of the Government 1 and the appro
priation of $800,000 for the extensive works
on the Tuba Biver. Thomas J. Barbour,
chairman ,of the committee on dredging
and jetties, is prepared to tell many In
teresting facts concerning dredging for,
gold. > ¦
The ninth annual convention of the Call
femia Miners' Association will come to
gether in the Golden Gate Hall in this
city next Monday at 10 a. m. Between 500
and 600 delegates will take part In the
proceedings. By next Saturday night
there will .be a large representation here
of the hardy and enterprising men who
are adding to the wealth of the State by
developing Its mines. The numerical
strength of the county delegations, so far
as reported. Ut as follows:' San Francisco
f.2, Butte 20. Alameda 10. Santa Clara 7,
Nevada 100, Placer 50. Los Angeles 10, San
Bernardino l.Kern 19. Inyo 1, Plumas 11,
Sierra 22. El Dorado 23. Amador 37. Tuo
lumne 10. Yuba 10. Fresno 5. Marln 5. So
lanc 5. Shasta. 24. .Mariposa 12. Sacramen
to 5. San Luis Obispo 5. Santa Barbara 5.
Secretary E. H. Benjamin, who has done
so much good for the interests of the min
ers, is preparing his report and is making
rc-ady for the big convention.
There will not be a dull .minute in the
proceedings, according to all Indication*.
The measures that will come up for con
sideration are fraught with meaning to
the State. A new mining location 'law
.win be recommended, with little dcubt.
Some measure will be offered to cover the
whole question involved In the troubles of
the oil men with the scrippers. Tno Ca
mlr.etti law will find vigorous discussion,
as the miners are determined to have that
measure tested to find out just what eifl
cacy there Is In it. The axecutiw com
mittee at large, of which J. H.Neff !s the
chairman, will have Its work described In
the president's address. Revision o* the '
constitution and by-laws will be the
theme of the committee of which B. S.
Rector is the chairman. There will be a
To-day Chief of Police Hodgkins told of
the finding: by detectives of one of the
roost complete burglar's outfits ever lo
cated In California. It had been hidden
in a ddewalk vault on the Twelfth-street
Elde of the bank quarters in the Masonic
Temple block. The outfit was provided
with a moFt elaborate paraphernalia, for
The transmission and handling of elec
tricity in operations direct upon the big
t-tetl safe doors.
The police believe that French and his
partner. Tessler. who were caught with
much the Fame port of an outfit, placed
the kit In hiding while making their pre
liminary ananperaents to attack tho
bank.
On the night of August 5 the bank was
entered by burglars, who opened tn«
Washinirton-street door and wedged a
small jimmy at the bottom to steady the
door against pressure.
That jimmy was found In the morning,
end later the remarkable electrical out
fit, packed In a telescope wicker basket,
was brought to light.
The mo«t interesting Item of the outfit
1? an insulated cable, with copper hooks
fastened to one end. for use In catching
current from a "live"' trolley wire <jr
ether convenient conductor or electricity.
The detectives believe the burglars In
tended to pet their current from the heavy
wires which supply power for the light,
elevator and heaters in the Masonic Tem
ple. And there are carbons which are to
take th# current ar.d burn Into the steel
of the safe. Expert c-l«»etricians told the
police that the process would destroy the
heaviest steel plate. A bottle of giant
powder, coils of fuse, a box of heavy per
. ussion caps and several pistol cartridges
were in the collection. Then there was a
pmaller coil of insulated cable, porcelain
AKLAXD. Nov. 14.— To break Into
ft \\ bank vaults by use of electricity
II II was the daringand now thorough-
Is exposed plan of Clarence
" French, burglar, now In custody
at Chico. That he had plotted well to rob
the steel strong box of the California
Bank of Oakland has been settled to the
MLtisfaction of the police, who have been
upon French's trail ever since news of his
arrest reiched here.
Proof That a Daring Attempt Was Soon to Be Made to:
Rob the California Bank of Oakland.
• *. : — 1 — . .
Clarence French, Under
Arrest in Chico, Is
Suspected.
» , .
Basket of Electrical Ap
pliances Found in
Readiness.
PRINCESS NEVER
LEGALLY ADOPTED
J. M. Bassett: Says That
C. P. Huntington; Told
Him So. .
Princess Hatzfeldt was never adopted by
the late C. P. Huntington' as his daugh
ter, and that the only relationship she
bore to him was that of the niece of. the
first Mrs. Huntington— the child of the
sister of the railroad magnate's first wife.
Mr. Bsssett certainly knows much of the
affairs of the railroad and its builders,
and his statements are of Interest in view
of the threatened contest of the magnate's
will by the Princess.
"The Princess Hatzfeldt is the daughter
of a sister of the first Mrs. Huntington,"
said Mr. Bassett. "The first Mrs. Hunt
ington-was a Miss Stoddart. and her sis
ter married a man named Prentiss, and
they had one daughter, now the Princess
JIatzfeldt. Mr. Huntingdon told me in
18S2 that he had never adopted her and
did not intend to, but that he 'would do
well by her.' He told me that her father
was drowned in the Sacramento River,
and that her family was poor and that he
intended to take care of her.
"Mr. Huntington told me that he had
frequently consulted with his first wife
as to the disposition of their property,
and that they had agreed upon a list of
relatives to be remembered, and that he
had carried out her wishes, and that the
Princess Hatzfeldt was not ¦ on the list,
she having received large sums during his
life.
"There was some little trouble over her
husband, the Prince, who was ¦ loafing
around New York with a title and lots of
debts. It became unpleasant, and Hunt
ington finally told them that ne would
give them $3,000,000 if they would go to
Europe and stay there. They got $1,000,000
In his will.
"Frora what I know I am satisfied that
there was never an adoption of the Prin
cess, and If she should break the will it
would only 1 , result in the widow taking
one-third of the estate and his adopted
son, the child of his second wife by her
first husband, woui> <ret the remainder."
She Was the Child of a. Sister of the
¦ ¦ ' ¦ •¦ " ¦' _
First IVJrs. Huntington and Was •
Cared For by the Bail- .
road Magnate-
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
1118 Broadway, Nov. .14.
J. M. Uassett, who was at one time deep
in the confidences of the Southern Pacific
Company, makes a statement that the
WOULD HARNESS ELECTRICITY
TO BREAK INTO STEEL VAULTS
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, NOVEMBER 15 V 1900.
Session Promises to Be of Live Interest from the Beginning
and Large interests Are Involved.
MINERS IN READINESS FOR
NINTH ANNUAL CONVENTION
11
Pears
Only they who use ft
know the luxury of it.
Pears' is the purest and
best toilet soap in all the
worjtcj*THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, NOYEMBER 15, 190O.
12
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1093
Valencia st. '.
WANTED— Women and girls to work on fruit.
1731 Folsom st., bet 13th and 14th.
WANTED— First-class waist trimmer. Apply
at 1200 Geary st., after 7p.m.
WANTED— Elderly ' German Catholic woman
for housework; $15 month. 782 Fulton «t.
YOUNG girl ; general housework and plain
cooking. 388 Eureka St.*. cor. , Twenty-first.
APPRENTICES and I errand girl in millinery
store at 682 McAllister st.
WANTED — Lady agents to sell photo coupons
In Mission; good money to rustlers. 2239 Mlasn.
DEribATORV
AN experienced young girl wants a position as
cook or any kind of work In a private family.
Address box 230. Call.
BORROW on diamonds; perfect secrecy; prt-
vate entrance. UNCLE HARRIS. 15 Grant av.
A COLORED watnan wishes a situation as
maid or second * girl. Call at 235 Stevenson.
TWO. girls from the country, want housework.
Call 71S Greenwich' st.. upstairs.
YOUNG lady desires position, companion to
Invalid; would care for children. Address
L. A.. 1250 California st.
WANTED— Care of invalid lady by. lady with
best of references. Box 212, Call office! V.:;
WANTED— A position as governess to young
children or companion to lady. Address MISS
JAMES. Alameda P. O., Cal. ¦ -
WINCHESTER House, 44 Third St.. near Mar-
ket— 200 rooms ; 25c to $1 60 . night, $1 50 to $6
week ; convenient and respectable: free 'bus
and bag-gage to and from ferry. , -. !¦ ¦
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Fillmore st.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096
Valencia st. .
A— FOR sale on account of sickness; on* of the
oldest and best-known rchtaurants and saloon;
$2000 to SrXOO required. Apply 116 Front st.
MINER who Epeaks Hpanloh. going to Sonora,
Mexico, for mining purposes, is desirous of
meeting, iiartner. Add. C. B. T., box 25L Call.
WANTED— Single man with $300 as partner In
saloon located 1 block from Hall of Justice.
Apply at 422-425 Jackson Et.
S750 — ELEGANTLY furnished restaurant: Lee-
palmer: cost $4000; a snap. Apply D. M.
RAE. £37 Mission et.
1250— GOOD raying restaurant for sale; rent $1$,
with living room*. E7$ Hayes st.
A WOMAN wants a man partner. TTT'i Mar-
ket St.
Jino— NEAT coffee saloon, near Market;- rent
$7 CO. Apply SZ7 Mission et.
BLACKSMITH shop to let. Apply J. A.
UA1NBRIDGE. 1SS1 Harmon St.. Lortn eta-
. tlo«i. Berkeley.
I 'WANTED — A situation In small family for gen-
I eral housework. Inquire. 1103 Powell st.
RESPECTABLE German woman wishes place
as housekeeper; city; good ref. 506 Fourth.
LADY wishes work by the day, either house-
work or washing; sleep at home. 2 Tehama st.
LADY wishes work by the day housecleaning or
washing. 940 Howard st. .
YOUNG respectable girl wants position at gen-
eral housework and cooking; wages $20. 114H
Silver at. '
HEMORRHOIDS.
I>^ LE S — 300 cures business man In 8aa Fran-
cisco; can be seen; no operation; no pain; par-
tlculars sent. Ad. Physldan. box 1950. Call.
HORSES, LIVE STOCK, Etc— For Salt*
40 HORSES for sale; also wajrona, . buggies.
' SJT'c' h&rn «8s- Grand Arcade Horse Market,
", s .™ et -: auction sales every Wednesdajr.
SULLIVAN & DOYLE. Anotlonera.
A ,v. L ?T J?*.. hor " es Just from the ranch: well
matched double teams and single horses; well
broken single and double and fine steppers;
all sizes. Dexter Prinot Btabla. 1S09 Grovt.
WANTED— Good sound young family horse;
J?" 8 , 1 , be good driver. Addresa. with prtc% A.
C. 1341 Pearl »t.. Alameda. •
HORSE clipping by experienced men; best work;
cheapest prices. Dalzlel. <05 Golden Gate.
FOR SALE— Light young span of marea. 1»-
qulre 1202 Mission st.
FOR sale— Brown mar* phaeton and harness.
Occident Stable, "porner Geary and Polk its.
FEED Manhattan food; keeps horses, cows,
• poultry and dog» healthy. VO1 Folsom at.. B.T.
HOUSES TO LET. >
A— PRINTED LIST Houses to let; send for clr-
cular. Q. H. UMBSEN & CO.. 14 Montgomery.
I>YALID CHAIKS AND TRICYCLES.
SOLD and rented; manfr. of the Eames tricycle
chair. EAMES Tricycle Co.. 8100 Market st.
!£¦ LOST AND FOIIXD.
LOST-Brown leather hand bag containing a
hunting coat. etc. Finder will be rewarded on
returning same to DE GREAYER & HOL-
LAND. 18 Third st.
LOST— Tuesday, a cocker spaniel with white
spot on face and feet tipped with white; llb-
eral reward. DR. DAVIS. 942 Sutter st.
LOST— In Rome Market. 301 Hayes, cor. Prank-
lln, gold chain. Return to market; reward.
LOST— A passbook with the Hlbernla Savings
and Loan Society of San Francisco In the
name of JAMES DORAN or HANNAH DO-
RAN. No. 238-1031. The finder will pleaa* re-
turn to bank.
SHEPHERD pup, 5 months old, strayed from
2516 Broadway; $3 reward. A. F. RODGERS.
$1CO,000 TO loan on watches, diamonds, silver,
sealskins, pianos, guns. UNCLE HARRIS.
15 Grant ave.
" '' MEDICAL.
DR] AND MRS." DAVIES. 1228~Market— Ladles'
specialists; 32 years' practice; have treated
thousands of cases successfully; positive cure
guaranteed at office; ladles treated can return
home same day; HINDOO HERB home cure,
any one can use it with satisfaction: perfect-
ly harmless. Send stamps for circular.
DR. G. W. O'DONNELL, moved to 101S Mar-
ket, opp. Sth; world-renowned ladles' special-
ist; safe, reliable; practiced in San Francisco
for years; treated thousands of cases success-
fully; treatment can be used at home; consul-
tation fre». After all others fail call on hlr^
MRS. DR. WYETH. reliable specialist; 25 yrs/
successful practice; guaranteed treatment at
office, $5; any ailment; home for patients; con-
sult free. 942 Post St.. bet. Hyde and Larkln.
MRS. DR. KOHL. 937 MARKET ST.. corner
Sixth— Safe and reliable ladles' physician;
treatment, $3; positive cure guaranteed; when
others fall consult, free, MRS. DR. KOHL.
DRS. GOODWIN. 1007H Market, expert on dis-
eases of women; 15 yearn' practice In S. F.. a
cure guaranteed; $5 at office; have cured thou-
sands of cases; unexcelled success; see free.
NO TOY KEE, Chinese doctor: cures consump-
tion, cancer, catarrh, etc.; all diseases treat-
ed: send for 'testimonials; advica free. Sani-
tarium, 704 Sacramento st., corner Kearny.
MRS. DR. ALLEN, 1035 Market-Ladies' spe-
clallst: safe and sure cure, $3; best care; low
fees; when all others fall consult free.
DR. POPPER, practical female specialist for
37 years; can be sent. 323 Kearny st.
MRS. DR. GWYER. ladles' specialist; home
for patients. 510 Eddy Bt.
MISCELLANEOUS—FOR SALE.
BOILERS, engines. 2d-hand machinery. Mc-
INTOSII &. WOLPMAN. 135-197 Fremont St.
BARS, back bars, mirrors, showcases, counters.
linoleum, new and second-hand; we always
have a large stock of saloon outfits on hand;
32 complete outfits on our floor, ready made;
we can ship everything In 54 hours. J.
NOONAN. 1017, 1019. 1021. 1023 Mission St.,
above Sixth; write for catalogue.
PHOTOGRAPHIC and magic lantern goods
bought, sold, exchanged. 109 Montgomery st.
BUY a brand new typewriter for $5 down and $5
per month; write for catalogue and price.
TYPEWRITER EXCHANGE. 403 California
st: rentals, new machines. $3 per month.
A— BUYS. ' sells or rents gear machinery, en-
gines, boilers, water pipe, shafting, pulleys.
• etc. WHITELAW. 216 Spear St.
CALL and examine what I have for sale: a
savtng of B0 per cent on store prices. UN-
CLE HARRIS. 15 Grant avo.
A SMITH-PREMIER typewriter, second-hand:
send for price. L. & M. ALEXANDER, 110
Montgomery st.
TO PRINTERS — Two revolution four-roller Cot-
trell & Babcock press; print sheet 32x46. Box
188, Call office.
B-HORSE Golden Gate gas or gasoline engine,
, $150; can be seen running at 623 Golden
Gate ave.
BILLIARD table, balls, cues and rack, com-
plete: dirt cheap. BENJ. CURTAZ & SON.
16 O'Farrell st
FINE suit. $10; dress pants. $2 75. MISFIT
CLOTHING PARLORS, 437 Montgomery »t.
A— $3 60 DERBY and Fedora hats, $1 75. Popu-
lar Price Hatters, 330 Kearny st., near Pine.
A — 100 HORSEPOWER engine, boiler, two-drill
air compressors. JARDINE'S, 220 Fremont st-
A BARGAIN— Portable oven at 1176 Mission st. ;
$50. ¦
FOR SALE— Pet deer. Address D. GAL-
BREITH. box 38. Stockton. Cal.
GREAT Dane; broke to harness; will carry
child on his back; cheap. 810 Howard st. j
L. SPARBER & SON removed 634 Mission St.;
pay highest price for tools and machinery.
GASOLINE engine; second-hand; all sixes;
cheap; guaranteed. NEWELL. 56 Bluxome st.
10-TON Fairbanks scale and fire and burglar
proof eafe. 216 California st.
FIRST-CLASS second-hand modern engines and
boilers bought and sold. KROGH Mfg. Co.
200-LIGHT dynamo, engine and boiler, com-
plete; cheap. H. S. WHITE. 513 Mission st.
WILL rent full dress Tuxedo or Prince Albert
suits for $2 60. Portland Loan Office, 23 Stktn.
CAFES— New and second-hand. THE HER-
. MANN SAFE CO.. 417-423 Sacramento st.
' PORTABLE enginee. boilers; Iron and wood
, planers, lathes; Sd-hanrl. J. Burke, 139 Beale.
; MAGIC lanterns, new and 2d-hand: moving
pictures. BULLARD & BRECK. 131 Post st.
SAFES— New and second-hand; all sizes. THE
WALTZ SAFE. 109-111 Market St.. San Fran.
WANTS.
LADIES' and gents' cast-oft clothing bought &
sold. Silverman. 984 Folsom; tel. Folsom 1191.
KLEIN still pays best price for clothing, bric-
a-brac and books. 109 Sixth st. ; tel. Jessie 141.
A— CLOTHING, sealskins. Jewelry, etc.. bought-
will call. L. Bros.. 23 Stktn: phone Black 1201.
WANTED— Upright piano for cash. IL L.
WHITEHEAD. 1710 Market St.
SIONKY TO LOAS.
ANY amount on furniture, pia^osrwithout're^
moval. or any other good security; payable
back In Installments or aa a whole- if you
ow« a balance on the purchase price we will
pay it and carry the loan'as long as you de-
sire: avoid red tare and publicity; see us
first; you will be waited upon quietly and
quickly. Call 68-69 Donohoe bldg.. 1170 Market.
AA— BEST rates and easiest terms.
.'- Second Mortgages
;;•••••, '.Interest In Estates :..'.""
.... Undivided Interest In Real Estate "
Financial problems of all sorts and slzV«
solved by HERMAN MURPHY. CM Marl"
A ~^ IO i fET to loan at rates which people can
afford to pay on furniture, pianos, e^c*- do
not borrow of j-our friends or you will lt»«
their friendship; do business with stran«rs
and you will be better satisfied: no deS£? £
publicity. Rooms 9 and 10. 936 Market at. ' ?
ANY amount at C per cent; 1st, 2d and 3d mort-
gages, undivided interest, real estate in prol
bate; mortgages and legacies bought* no d£
lay; get my terms before doing business els-t
where, R. McCOLOAN. 24 Montgomery, r t
ANY proposition, any amount; 6 per cent* first
?n C «t d , m0r i Bage , 8 ' Mtates in PWblte? inteY"st
In estates, legacies, corporation loans chattel
mortgages, life Insurance. Room^ first floor
Chronicle building. HALLORAN & TolSEn"
s^-MaTO* i£n£^ ; J&^
A-$-xx).000 ON city and country real estate and
highest price for old kqM. «nver. diamonds.
KmSS?^ or . 2d mtgs;rltv. country'' B'iundi-
; vlded into; estates. HARPER, so" ParrottDdg.
bES^*J1 Salary Loan Co. . 36S ' Parrott bulld-
l ing.- men can secure loans on personal note.
WANTED — By a good woman, a position as
cook where there Is no woman to Interfere.
f.30 Gough st.
YOUNG lady wishes a situation as waitress In
a small restaurant. - Call 81 Natoma st. i
MIDDLE-AGED German lady wants position
as working housekeeper or light housework In
btnall family. 1308*4 Devisadero St..
RELIABLE young woman wants a place to do
office or chambenvork by the day. Call or
address 613 Folsom st.
SWEDISH woman wishes a position as cook
in boarding house; thoroughly experienced.
B. L.. 67 Jessie st.
MIDDLE-AGED woman wishes to assist with
.cooking or light housework. Please call at
416 Mission st.. near Fifth. ! ¦
COOK and laundress wants a situation In small
private family; best city references. . Please
call or address 222 Linden ave.
COMPETENT dressmaker desires work at home
or by day; dolls' outfits reasonable. • Address
1731 Mission st. r;
A— $4000: BREWERY and bottling works; owner
ha* other business; cannot attend to both;
will eell half or whole Interest. See owner.
COS Battery et.
I HAVE a flrst-class paying restaurant few
doors from corner Market and Powell ets.;
ill heaJth compels me to sell the business;
price JtGOO,- or will take a good partner for
tlC~/). Address box 3766. Call office.
PARTNER wanted, man or woman; business
fstablished for years. LANE & CO.. 655 Mkt.
FOR Bale cheap— A good paying barber-shop;
located in the main part of the city: treason*
of sale retiring from business. Address ail
communication to R.. P. O. box 620. Sacra-
mento, California.
A PARTNER wanted In a manufacturing and
<><-mtra cling business; duties will be the col-
lecting, taking order* In office and keeping ac-
counts. J. W. DONNELLY & CO.. €32 Market.
IF yon ces'.re to sell your business quickly call
on CLOSE A CO.. 20S Kearny Bt., room 1.
business strictly confidential.
$500 — ON account of sickness; restaurant In
Berkeley, clearing $100; splendid opportunity
for husban-1 and wife. CLOSE, 209 Kearny.
— $W>0; BOOK etore on Sutter et. doing a good
business; owner must leave In 1 week for
East: stock Invoices near double. Call R. G.
WILKE. 26-4 Kearny rt.
A— $350; CORNER ealoon In wholesale district:
place estab. years; good paying; no night or
Sunday work. R. G. WILKE. 26% Kearny «t.
A— ?*>000: SALOON on Market St.; rent $75, In-
cluding il furnished rooms; dally receipts
about $50; mercantile lunch; lease: first-class
paying preposition. Particulars R. G. WILK.E.
2tVi Keamy et.
A— $750; COFFEE ealoon. oyeter and chop house;
close to Alcazar Theater; rent $75; a first-class
paying business; sickness compels owner to
••eriSce. Bee R. G. WILKE. 28% Kearny st.
A— $2750: CORNER liquor etore and saloon, one
block from Call bldg.; place clearing $300 per
month; lease; first-class business opening.
Call R. G. WILKE. 26Vj Keamy st.
RESPECTABLE girl wants position to care for
baby and assist In housework; no washing;
wages $15. Call at 242 Seventh st. : afternoon.
MIDDLE-AGED lady wishes situation aa house-
keeper or cook on milk ranch; city or coun-
try. 124 Welch st.
A— $2500; CLEANING and dying works: estab-
lished for many years; a clear monthly profit
cf J2iO guaranteed; knowledge of business not
r.eceeEary; a rare chance, but must be taken
at once. Call R. G. WILKE. 26V4 Kearny »t.
WANTED— Position as collector by bright ener-
getic young lady; no triflers: salary; refer-
ences exchanged; Al recommendation. Ad-
drees box 240. CaU office.
A— $30« — Oyster and chop house, opposite R. R.
dopot. across the bay; daily receipts $33; rent
IZo. Particularii R. G. WILKE. 26H Kearny.
EMPLOYMENT WANTED — FEMALE.
RESPECTABLE woman with a girl 6 years
wants housework In rooming house or private
family; references; no triflers; wages $10. 744
Howard Et.
BUSINESS CHANCES.
$3i>i—COFFEE and lunch parlor, doing a good
business; on one of the best streets in city. I
K. G. WILKE. 26VJ Kearny St. J
ORPHEUM Employment Office — Japanese, Chl-
n? ee help. 426 Ppwell, nr. Sutter; tel. Black 5072.
CHINESE and Japanese Employment Office —
• Beet help. 411H O'Farrell St.: tel. East 426.
COASTER brakes; $7 £0. put on. ALLEN, 301
Larkhi Et.
GOOD second-hand bicycles; Al condition: Co- j
lumbia:, Whites, Hartfords. Allen. 1870 Page. I
BICYCLES — For Sale or Exchange.
UNION Japanese-Chinese emp. office — Best help
furn.; domestic serv. 417 Powell; tel. Bush 376.
JAPANESE HouBecleaning Co.— Walters.cooks,
dishwashers; est. 1S90. 1026 Oak; tel. Page 547.
RELIABLE Japanese-Chinese employment of-
fice; all kinds help. 315 Stockton: Main 5138.
BATH CAU I NETS.
EOBINSON, Niagara, Perfection and others. W.
S. BROWN CO.. agency. 426 Ellis St.. S. F.
JAPANESE and Chinese employment office;
bfst help. 626 O'Farrell st.; tel. Hyde 2191.
AH VICE free; no charge unless successful. W.
W. D&vids^n, iZ" Market St., opp. Mason.
L. S. CLARK. Emma Spreckels bldg.. 927 Mar-
ket et. : eor.m'tation free; no fees In advance. I
A — JAPANESH and Chinese employment con-
tractor: estab. over 10 years: all kinds help.
421 Post St., near Powell; telephone Bush 133.
EMPLOYMENT OFFICES.
I. EDW. JARRETT. Hearst bldg.. Third and
Market Ms.; rhene Red 52€2.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office, 2200 Flllmore st.
ARITHMETIC, bookkeeping, grammar, writing,
etc., day or eve.; $5 mo. 1024 Mission, nr. 6th.
$300,000 TO loan oil diamonds, watches, silver,
sealskins, ¦ pianos, guns. UNCLE HARRIS,
15 Grant ave. • **
YOUNG man desires position as bookkeeper or
office assistant; reference furnished. Box
242. Call office. ' '•
YOUNG man wants two months* work In cake
bakery; wages no object, has had some ex-
perience. Address J. H., 3653 Nineteenth 8t.
MAN 30 yeaFS of age, sober, reliable and trust-
, worthy, wishes position In wholesale house as
porter: best of references. Box 224. Call. •
STEADY, sober young man, 19 years old. wants
position; best references. J. L., box 232, Call.
YOUNG man desires position to run elevator;
experienced. Box 223. Call office. -
YOUNG man of 19 wishes a position to help
In a business house; small wages to start;
has English grammar course; speaks Spanish;
residing with parents. Box 214, Call office.
WANTED— By educated man. situation as ac-
countant or city . salesman. Box 215, Call.
MAN of ability and good address desires a
position as driver or delivery salesman on
route. Oakland and vicinity, for wholesale
house or manufacturer; ref. given. Address
L. B., box 15 Dlmond. Alameda County, Cal.
A STRONG Scandinavian boy, IS years of age,
desires a position in a grain and hay barn or
as choreman in hotel. Call or address 322
Fremont st.
MILKERS, separators and flrst-class cheese
and butter makers want work; city or coun-
try. Milkers' Union of California, 526 Mont-
gomery st. •
JAPANESE laundryman; good help: If you
want me I come at once. G. MATUYOSHL
srs Jessie st.
HONEST young Japanese boy wishes position
as school boy or housework. Address S. O.,
C05 Dupont st.
FIRST-CLASS Chinese cook and laundry man
wants situation; city or country.- Address
Chinese Cook. 623 Davis et. _^
EXPERT OPTICIANS.
EYES examined free; spectacles properly ad-
Justed. N. Manasse. oculist optician, 91" Mkt.
FLATS TO LET.
A— 8-ROOM flat; corner; sunny: 2 bay windows;
' all modern lmprovern'ts; 1st floor. 417^4 Third.
ELEGANT furnished flat for rent at 1614 Mfl-
Alllster st.
FINE modern flat, 7 rooms and bath. 625 Golden
Gate ave., bet. Van Ness ave. and Franklin.
IF you want to move get printed list flats to let
from BALDWIN & HO WELL, 10 Montgomery.
MONEY advanced on articles of all descrip-
tions, from $1 to $1000. at UNCLE HARRIS',
15 Grant ave.
NATOMA. 714— Flat of 4 rooms, yard and cel-
lar; rent $10; no children. •
SANSOME—, 712— Sunny flat, $16. 804 Sansomc—
Nice store, $10.
$7 — 4-HOOM fiats on Victor EC. oft Bryant, bet.
7th and Sth. Inquire at grocery. 941" Brvant.
FURNITURE FOR SALE.
4 ROOMS furnished In oak $4S 50. with No. 7
range. King Furniture Co.. 1127-1131 Market.
FURNITURE WANTED.
CHA8. LEVY buys your furniture, carpets,
pianos, etc. 1135 Market st.; teL Jasale 761.
A. WOLLPERT, 773 Mission St., pays highest
price for eecond-hand furniture; tel. Red 1354.
Auctioneer— L. Vincent, 1305 Larkin; tel Polk 691.
furniture & furn'd houses bought; spot cash.
W. E. CODY (late with J. T. Terry & Co.). buys
furniture, carpets. 757 MlsBlon; tel. Red 3353.
HELP WANTED FEMALE.
C. R. HANSEN & CO.. ...... ..Phone Grant 185
HOTEL DEPARTMENT
8 waitresses, Arizona, $20, free transporta-
tion, call early; 3 waitresses, different coun-
try hotels, $20; 2 chambermaids to wait,
country, $20; 2 chambermaids to wait, city,
$20; laundress, wash towels and napkins, $15,
and many others.
FAMILY DEPARTMENT
German or Swedish houseglrl for 2 in family
for the North, $30; 2 nurseglrls to take care
of 2 children in hotel, $10. sleep home; French
houseglrl to go South; houseglrls, nurseglrls
and second girls. . !
C. R. HANSEN & CO.. 104 Geary st. ;
EXPERIENCED nurse for an Invalid gentle- i
man; must have "references. C. R. HANSEN
& CO.. 104 Geary st. ' I
TWO young nursegirls, same ' hotel, one child ;
each. $8 and $10. C. R. HANSEN & CO., 104
Geary st. , [
FIVE morejneat young salesladies for candy
store; apply between 8 and 12 to-day; $7 a
week to begin. C. R. HANSEN & CO.. 104
Geary »t.
WANTED— Experienced salesladies accustomed
to the better class of trade, who have had ex-
perience in selling china and fancy goods;,
give reference, experience and wages ex-
pected. Box 252. Call office.
FIRST-CLASS finishers on ladies' tailor gar-
ments; only best need apply. A. CAILLEAU,
114-116 Kearny st . ' : .
WANTED— Several lady office I assistants;
¦ wages $5 per week; give experience and ref-
erence. Box 250. Call office.
WANTED— Lady or gentleman to work In' a
flower store; must understand the business;
no other need apply. Call E0O Halght Bt.
WANTED— Competent girl for cooking and gen-
eral housework; small family; wages $25. Call
at 2421 Washington st.
YOUNG woman for general housework and
plain cooking; $15. 42 Stanley place, between
First and Second sts., off Harrison.
A LADY cf Indomitable energy, possessed of
self-assertion; good opportunity to right party.
F. PERSON, room 412. Parrott building.
GOOD vent hands; $8 to $12 to those understand-
ing business; also apprentice. 641'j Stevenson.
GIRL to assist in housework and take care of
baby. IG32 McAllister st.
16 GIRLS wanted at* Pacific Employment
Agency, 9 Geary st.
PANTS finishers; steady work. 858 Howard St..
between Fourth and Firth, over ball court.
YOUNG girl (12 to 14 years) to act as com-
panion to an elderly lady. 1006 Minna st.
EXPERIENCED girls wanted at WEMPE
BROTHERS, 127 Mission St., corner Main.
APPRENTICES on custom coata. 641 Market
street. -
GIRL to assist In. bakery and wait on table;
references; ?5 a week. 32 Sixth st.
SEWING woman wanted to' do mending at 321
Ellis Et. ¦ '
DRESSMAKER, Improver and apprentice; paid
while learning. 1533 Polk st,
WANTED— Girl to wait on table at lunch-
tlme. 521 Eighth st. v
WANTED-Waltregs. 106 Second street.
COMPOSITOR; straight matter.y 530 Commer-
clal st. '
WANTED— Girl for 'general housework; no
washing; $15. Inquire 219 Hayes st.
FIRST-CLASS hairdresser and manicure. La
Verlte Parlors. 11,10 Market st.
WANTED— Young girl to assist with very light
work; $1 50. per week. 94S Howard^ st
WANTED— Refined and educated woman of
good appearance to travel; past 30 and com-
petent. Box 241. CjUl office. ¦¦
WANTED— Woman, good sewing machine oper-
ator; also woman to finish pants; good wages.
504 Kearny st.. room 10. :
"BORROW money on sealskins, silverware; low
Interest. UNCLE HARRIS, 15 Grant ave. •
TALENTED amateur performers wanted. Call
at Chutes at 6 p. m. / .- ' i -
LADY in touch .with', moneyed people; easy
work; liberal- pay.- Box 233. Call office. -
;-- -.„., - . -. . . i- > ¦ ¦¦¦;-.. ~T~~
SEAMSTRESS at 26 O'Farrell at., room 2.
WANTED— Girl : to do general housework. . 838
-. O'Farrell at. .--> ¦,.; ,-.. : „ . ,. ;
GIRL for. light housework; learn ¦dressmaking;
v, sleep at home; wages $8 month. 463 Jessie st.
APPRENTICE wanted on custom coats. Room
. 60. St. Anne, building,,* Eddy.st.,^
ADVICE free; divorce law a specialty; private;
no fee without success; collections. G. W.
HOWE, atty at law. S50 Market, cor. Stockton.
ATTOnXEVS AT LAW.
R. XV. KINO. tB Market St., 6tb floor, room «<
— Estates, damages, attachments, bankruptcy.
collections; all casee; fair fe*s; no advance
charges: loans on estates. Tel. Howard 1J3V.
ILLUSTRATION— PARTINGTON'S DAT and
ILLUSTRATION— Nisrht class. 424 Pine St.
MH. and MRS. D. MANSFIELD, mu«lo studio;
violin, ¦ guitar, mandolin, banjo. 1836 Eddy et.
MUNSON. School Shorthand. Typing, Bookkeep-
ing. Spanish. 137 Mont'y. E. M. Carpenter, pr.
ASTROLOGY.
DR. C. TOUSEY TAYLOR. Scientific Astrolo-
rer— Free copy "The New Moon." 765 Market.
ENGINEERING, civil, elec., mining, mech.. sur-
vey, assay, cyanide, arch.; day, eve.: est. 1864.
VAN DER NAILXJEN SCHOOL, 933 Market.
ASPHALTUM ROOFING.
J. PELTIER, asphalt roofing, sidewalks re
paired: postal. 11S6 Mlsaion: tel. Folsom 16C7.
ALL students but two taking full course this
year got positions. SAN FRANCISCO BUSI-
NESS COLLEGE. 1236 Market st.
MISS M. O. BARRETT. Shorthand Academy;
lessons by mail; acknowledged by official re-
porters best teacher, best system. 302 Montgy.
SECURE agency Xmas novelty; sample 20c,
Fast Irr!r>o»t AjrentK* Surnlv Co.. 1125 Market.
AGENT? wanted to sell stock In Rival Oil Co.
f.46 Merket st.
A thorough, experienced teacher of stenography
and typewriting wishes private pupils; testi-
monials; satisfaction guaranteed. Box 249. Call.
HE FAILED! had he practiced bookkeepine a
short time with expert Tarr, 220 Parrot bldg,
he would not; be wise.
BOMETHING new; sells by showing. Call fore-
noon 40S Thirteenth St.. near Valencia.
AGENTS — Do you want something more profit- j
able and easier to sell than books or insur-
ance? Add. F. PERSON, r. 412, Parrott bldg.
AGEXTS WANTED.
AYRES' Business College. 723 Market St.; day
and evening; Individual instruction, $8 per
month; life scholarship, $50; bookkeeping,
shorthand, telegraphy, etc. ; catalogue free.
ALL can borrow meney on silks, oil paintings
end buggies from COLLATERAL BANK. 15
Grant a\-e.. near Market st.
BOOKKEEPING or shorthand— If you want to
learn In a limited time. 'take private lessons
from an experienced teacher. M. W. COR-
NELL, room 53, Thurlow block, 126 Kearny' st.
BUSINESS CHANCES— CONTINUED.
A— LIVERY stable clearing $400 mo.; cause.
old age. COWING & CO.. 719 Market st.
A— WATER front saloon; money maker; don't
miss this. COWING & CO.. 719 TJarket st.
A— WATER front restaurant; clears $150 mo.
COWING & CO.. 71» Market Bt.
BEST paying roadhouse in the State; must be
sold this week; party going East. AddreBs
W. KLUCK. Vallejo. Cal.
WANTED — Butcher's fixtures for small shop,
light horse and wagon. Box 254, Call office.
FOR sale cheap— An old-established butcher
shop In good location; on account of owner
retiring from business. Apply E. M., box 243.
Call.
$1200— PARTNER wanted In butter and egg
business; will net $250 per month to each; will
stand Investigation. Box 225. Call office.
WILD trada ranch near city for paying busi-
ness. Address Mutual, box 231, Call office.
BAKERS— Bakery complete to let; NW. cor.
24th and Guerrero sts. Owner 128 Chattanooga,
WHITE Front saloon, E39 Washington at.; no
agents: good chance; going to country.
$600— CORNER saloon on business street. 2
blocks from Call building; reasons departure
for the East. For particulars apply to S.
BLUMENTHAL & CO.. 658 and 660 Mission.
A GOOD chance for party with small capital tc
Invest In gents' furnishing goods'and notions.
with store fixtures; for sale cheap. Inquire
variety store. 2012 Ehattuck ave.. Beikeley.
A — BARGAINS In rooming houses, branch bak-
tate. 1022 Market St., room 4.
A- SNAP
Chou house. 229 Eighth st.
A— $600; DELICACY & home bakery: clears $150
mo.; sacrificed ; trial given. 1C32 Market, r. 4.
CHEAP— A good-paying saloon and 9 well-fur-
niehed rooms: must sell on account of sick-
nesg. Apply 638 Sacramento st.. near Kearny.
GOOD paying fruit store, with horse and
wagon and 5 nice living rooms; cheap rent;
for sale; reasonable. Box 217, Call office.
TOR sale— The grocery and bar of the late J.
E. A. HELMS; price, $2500. Apply corner
Elgrnteaath and Howard sta.
GROCERY and bar In good location; stock in
eight for full purchase price. W. L. HAK-
PER. 897 Parrott building. '
$11.000— NEW building and stable: lot. lOOxlCO;
grocery and bar. stock and fixtures: on enJ
of car line; clearing $300 a mo. Box 120. Call.
FOR sale-A £8-room lodging-house; price rea-
sonable. 649 Howard st.. near Second.
WOOD and coal yard for sale. Inquire 623
Halght Et.
A BARBER shop. 3 chairs, across the bay, for
sale. Address box 12. Call office.
FISH and delicacy store for sale. Address 346
Virginia st.. Vallejo.
INEIDE route on this paper for sale. Apply
CALL business office.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096
Valencia st.
LODGING-HOUSES FOR SALE.
A. L. WILLEY. room 18, 816 Market St.
II roomE, $750; rent with water, $25. Howard,
near new Postofnce; all rented.
ii rooms. $1100; rent with water, $65. Geary
st.: oak furniture; hot water in every room.
29 rooms. $1700: renf $100: one floor. Market
et.. opposite I. O. O. F. building.
Other houses, lots, farms, mines and any-
thing you want for sale or exchange. 916 Mar-
ket *t.; open from 8 to 8; phone Black £215.
LODGING-HOUSES wanted for cash customers.
Willey. S16 Market, rm. IS; phone Black 5215.
M. GRIFFIN. 719 Market st. room 1. Free list.
New bargains every day— good-paying houses.
Over 500; all sires and prices; terms easy.
11 rooms; pays well: rent $40 $500
12 rooms; rent $35; full; respectable S00
15 rooms; good house and central 950
IS rooms; full; clears $S0 month 600
CS rooms; clean; central; apartments....; SoOO
So rooms; enap; central: paying 3600
27 rooms; light; good furniture; fine 1000
43 rooms; apartments; clears $107 month. 1600
BUYERS of lodging-houses will find laree list;
fine bargains In lodging-houses. Samples:
102 rooms; rent $64; price $1500.
12 rooms; rent $34; price $400.
44 rooms; rent $250; fine corner; clears $300 a
month; r>rice $4000.
We loan money to buyers at \Vi per cent.
SCHWEINHARD & CO.. 917 Market ft., be-
tween Fifth and Sixth. Phone Mint 1911.
R. H. WINSTON & CO.. 1026 Market et.
27 rooms, 13 furnished; rent $50 $475
GO rooms; cheap rent 2000
S5 rooms; at a bargain 800
£2 rooms; cost to furnish $3700 1500
SOO OTHER BARGAINS.
A— 22-ROOM house: central $10<X)
20-room houee; flrst-class 1050
11-room house. $475; 6-room flat 325
20-room house: Eddy: rent $75: only 900
FISHER & CO.. 10S2 Market st.
AN elegantly furnished boarding-house of 24
rooms; always full of desirable boarders; pay-
Ing well; rent reasonable; In good central lo-
cation; large grounds; will sell at a bargain to
right party. Address box 234, Call office.
A SNAP— $7500; well-patronized SO- room hotel;
Alameda: main street; sell on very easy
terms or exchange for flats or residence.
SPECK & CO.. 667 Market st.
WILL pay cash for lodging-house of 25 to 40
rooms; must be cheap. Box 9. Call office.
14-ROOM sunny corner new house; new furni-
ture; all full: sacrificed. 1032 Market St.. r. 4.
CARRIAGES AND WAGONS.
SECOND-HAND surrey, trap top rosd buggy
and cart at O'BRIEN'S. 500 Golden Gate ave.
CALD7ORNIA built buggy and harness In good
order for sale cheap. 436 Tenth st.
ALL kinds cf wagons, buggies, carts, harness,
etc.. cheap. EGAN & SON. 2117 Mission st.
AN A No. 1 express wagon, single, also light
camping wagon, for sale cheap. 632 Mission.
NEW &. 2d-hand wagons, buggies, carts & har-
ness, work & driving horses. 15th & Valencia.
SPIRITUALISM.
MRS. DR. FARNHAM. world-renowned spirit-
ual medium; advice In all affairs of life, law-
suits, divorces, deaths; unites the separated;
mining a specialty; clrs. Sun., Wed., Frl. ev's;
come and be convinced. Permanently located
£13 Eddy St.. bet. Hyde and Larkln; no elgn.
MRS. MAXWELL, spiritual meeting to-nght,
8 o'clock: convincing test, 1238 Howard; read-
lngs dally.
MME. YOUNG'S convincing spirit messages to-
night. 805 Larkln; 10c; come, skeptics.
MRS. LESTER. 1035 Market St.. room 1; circles
Sun., Tues., Frl.. 8 p. m.: 10c; read, dally.
"CONSULT WATSON." 1581 Mkt.. nr. 12th:
medium, clairvoyant, psychic & palmist; 50c & $1.
MRS. CORNELIA, formerly Mrs. Anthony, re-
turned to business; spiritualist. 46 Seventh!
EDWARD EARLE. psychic. 128 Powell St.,
hours 9 to 5; Sunday at K. of P. Hall. <
MRS. J. J. WHITNEY, clairvoyant, test. bus.
medium, life reader; sltt. $L 1164 O'Farrell.
MME. MAJORS, gifted spiritual medium,
healer and card reader. 132 Sixth St., room 1.
FRIENDSHIP Hall. 335 McAllister— Mrs. - C. J.
Meyer, fittings; convincing teats to-night; 10c.
* CLAIRVOYANTS.
MRS. DR. F. CLARK, the well-known trance
medium. . Is permanently located at 1206 Mar-
kef St.. corner of Golden Gate ave.. rooms' 25
and 26; take elevator. Perfect satisfaction
guaranteed by mall. Send stamp for pamph-
let with special terms.
MME. PORTER, wonderful clairvoyant & card
reader, born with double veil & second sight;
diagnoses disease with life reading ; ladles 50c.
gents $1; palm and clair. sit $1 50. 126 Turk.
MME. BERNARD reads life fluently; advice
given In all affairs of life; satisfaction guar-
anteed; 25c up. 17 Third St.. next Examiner.
ISMAR, the Egyptian gypsy clairvoyant and
palmist, permanently located 1148 Market, opp.
Gth; private readings dally, 10 a. m. to 5 p. m.
REMOVED— The great inspirational card read-
er; price 25c and 50c: hours 10 a. m. till 9 p. in.
MADAME VAN BERGEN. 228 Fulton st.
MRS. E. SANDERS. 514 Taylor et., near Geary
—Clairvoyant, palmist and business medium;
ladies* circle Thurs.. J p.m.; Frl.. 8: dr. 25c.
MME. ZEREDA. the gypsy. Is the' great palm-
ist and card reader; 2ac. 7 Seventh st. •
MRS. E. M. DUVAL, clairvoyant and business
medium. 1125 Mission st.. upstairs.
MME. HANSON, palmistry, card reader; past,
present, future. 25c. 148 Sixth St.. room 14.
CLAIRVOYANT, mineral psychomefrlst. palm-
ist and card reading, 25c. 1241V& Market st.
MRS. MELVILLE, well-known clairvoyant, wa-
ter reader, moved to 11 Sixth; German spoken.
MRS. CAMERON, clairvoyant, card reader.me-
dlum; 25c up. 823 Mission st-.nr.4th; ring bell.
MME. AUGUST; clairvoyant, card reader and
palmistry; truth or no pay; 25c. 1149 Mission.
MME. SCHAFFER. clairvoyant, card reader;
sittings dally. 448*4 Jessie st.
MME. RAVENNA reads life fluently; business
advice: names given: 25c up. 5 Fourth st.
CHIROPODISTS.
BUNIONS. Ingrown nails, corns, absolute cure.
palnlw*: con«ult*n free. Pr. Duncan. 415 Sutter.
CO LLECTION * OFFICES.
GEORGE W. KELLY'S Agency— No charge un-
less successful. Room 310, 927 Market st.
A — THE LYCEUM, and accredited preparatory
. school for the university, law and medical
colleges; references. President Jordan or any
Stanford professor. Phelan building.
HEALD'S BUSINESS COLLEGE. 24 Post St..
S. F. — Bookkeeping. 6horthand. typing-, lan-
guages, telegraphy, English branches, civil,
electrical and mining engineering, etc.; day
and night sessions; new SO-page catalogue free.
GALLAGHER-MARSH College. Parrott Bldg.—
Shorthand, typing and bookkeeping:; Robert F.
Gallagher, expert court reporter; teacher of
shorthand; reportorial phrasing taught; prac-
tical bookkeeping; full course, $50; catalogue.
EDUCATIONAL.
O. C. C— A Harmless liquid for permanently
removing superfluous hair: will not Irritate,
burn nor poison the most delicate skin; agents
wanted. Ontario Chem. Co.. air'cy. 426 Ellis.
LOWEST prices in 8. F. ; painless extraction.
tOc. New York Dentists, ?69 Mission, cor. 6th.
VAN VROOM— "Painless" ; evenings and Sun-
days. 1001 Market Bt.. corner Sixth.
PARIS Dental Parlor. 235 Kearny. cor. Buih—
Full set of terth. J4: crown*. $3: fillings. 25c.
SET of teeth without plate. DR. H. G. YOUNG,
1E41 Polk «t
DR. LUDLUM HILL, 1443 Market, nr.' Eleventh
—No charge for extracting when plates are
made: old plates made over like new; teeth
from $8 per set: extracting-. 50c: gas given.
CALIFORNIA Lodse No. 1. F. and A. ¦
M... will meet THIS (THURSDAY) ik
EVENING. November 15, at 7:30 jTlr
o'clock. Third Degree. By order of/^r »
the Master. FRANKLIN H. DAY. Sec
FIDELITY Lodge No. 120. F. and A. M. m
-Cpeclal meeting THIS (THURSDAY) A
EVENING, at 7 o 1 clock. Third Dc-tfV
pee. Master Masons cordially Invited. f^r »
By order of the \V. M.
FREDERICK BARRY. Secretary.
BOUTH BAN FRANCISCO Lodge No. j>
rt2, F. and A. M,. meets THIS
<THTRSDAY) EVENING, at 7:30 If/P
o'clock, for Third Degree. Master * »
Masons are cordially Invited. By order of
the Master. E. C. HARE. Secretary.
DORIC Lodge No. 216. F. and A. M.— m
Special meetliyr THIS (THUR6DAY) _A.
EVENING, at 7:30 o'clock. Third De- TLV
CTree. Master Masons are Invited. By / *
order of the Master.
J. R. GOLDSMITH, Secretary.
TEHBA Buesa Lodge No. IS. I. 0. ,jMtL ii_
O. F.— Officers and members, you iejySgiQi
are requested to assemble at the
lodgeroom FRIDAY. Nov. 16. at HSUIB*
1 p. m. to attend the funeral cf our late
brother. C. C. STEVENS.
JOHN A. OHLSON. Noble Grand.
TO the officers and members of the >«JTBv
Broii;erhO'>3 of Tearr.tters — The regru- /^W?A
lax meetir.p of the Brotherhood cf CS?*f2}
Teamsters will be held at Teutonla totJO'
Hall. Howard et. on THURSDAY VCS^
EVENING, November 15. Business of lm-
porULnce will come before the meeting.
j. Mclaughlin, secretary.
ANNUAL meeting— The regular annual meeting
of the stockholders of the Honolulu Planta-
tion Company will be held at the office of
the cemoarty. No. S27 Market street, San
Francisco. California, on MONDAY, the ISth
«!ay of November, 1900, at the hour of 11
o'clock a. m.. for the purpose of electing a
beard of diiectors to serve for the ensuing
year, and the transaction of euch other busi-
ness as ma> come before the meeting-. Trans-
fer book* will closo on Thursday. November
*, 1S00. at I o'clock p. m.
E. H. SHELDON. Secretary.
ANNUAL meeting— The regular annual meeting
cf the etockholders of th« Honolulu Sugar
Company will be held at the office of the com-
pany. No. £T7 Market street. San Francisco,
California, on MONDAY, the Uth day of No-
vember, 1900. at the hour cf 11 o'clock a. m..
for the purpose of electing a board of direc-
tors to serve for the ensuins year, and the
transaction of euch other business as may
come before the meeting. Transfer books
wi;r close on Thursday, November 8, 1900, at
2 o'clock z>. m.
E. H. SHELDON. Secretary.
AT a R. HANSEN &-CO.'6.......IM Geary st.
A NOTICE
All coal miners In this State or out of the
State who want to go to Gallup, New Mex-
ico, best of wag-es. free fare, can see, super-
intendent Thursday. November 22, In our of-
ficet correspondence solicited. For particulars
apply
C. R. HANSEN & CO 104 Geary st.
AT C. R. HANSEN & CO.'S 1M Geary st.
RAILROAD WORK
20 tunnelmen, Los Angeles Co $3
20 teamsters, R. R. work, Nevada S3
6 stonemasons. R. R. work. Nevada $3 50
1 stonecutter, R. R. work. Nevada.... $3 50
FREE FARE.. .SHIP DAILY.. -FREE FARE
20 farmers for orchard work, steady • work.
$20 and board; 3 German farmers for fruit
ranch, $20; farmer for Sonoma County, $25;
man to contract to cut 300 cords pine wood.
Lake County. $1 50 a cord
HOTEL DEPARTMENT
Head cook $60, second cook $35, dishwasher
$25, for . mine boarding-house; second cook,
' hotel, $60; cook, restaurant. $50; 10 dishwash-
ers and kitchen hands. $20, $25. $30; lroner.
Tyler machine, country laundry, $12 a week;
washer, country laundry. $32 and found; coi-
ored waiter, country hotel, $35
C. R. HANSEN & CO 104 Geary jt.
A— MURRAY & READY Phone Main W43
...Leading Employment and Labor Agents...
WANT 7 A. M. TO-DAY
5 carpenters for a mine $103
Carpenters, bridge and trestle work $3 day
Superintendent for a vineyard.. $75 and found
Man to use dynamite, blasting tree slumps..
Wagonmakers Stablemen
Farm hands, milkers and butter makers;
coachman; boy to drive butcher wagon;
chore boys
60 woodchoppcrs r $1 to $3 cord
40 tlemakers, 10c and 12c, tools, provisions
and cabins furnished, special reduced fares.
MURRAY & READY. 634-630 Clay Bt.
A— BAKER for an institution.... $50 and found
Slaughter-house butcher $30 and found
Butler, private family, country: head waiter
for a club. $40 and found: waaher and s tardi-
er. $30 and found; lroners; doorboy for hotel:
waiters, city and country; bakers; bread and
cake foreman and second and third hands,
$12 to $20 week: butchers; man for delicates-
sen store
15 cooks $30 to $50 and found
MURRAY & READY 634-656 Clay st.
A-WANTED
Experienced driver for milk wagon, $35 and
found '.
Farmer and wife, see boss here $10
Ironmolder $3 a day
2 woodchoppers, 4-foot red and pine wood....
SOc and $1 a cord
Cook for boat $40
Elevator boy. $12 E0 and found; doorboy, hotel,
$10 and found; office boy, $4 a week; boy for
poultry stand, $4 a week; waiters. $9 a week;
j second cook, hotel, $25; upholsterer and carpet
layer. $2 a day. W. D. EWER & CO., 610
Clay st. | ,
A — 2 GOOD carpenters, 2 tile setters, 6 cablnet-
¦> makers, 2 union cabinetmakers, 6 bench
hands, shaper and band sawyer, sash and
door man, 2 sticker hands. Mechanics' Regis-
tration Bureau, 410 Kearny st.. room 9; non-
union mechanics please register; new jobs
dally; no office fees.
....ITALIAN LABOR SUPPLY COMPANY....
24 MONTGOMERY AVE
Furnish mechanics, miners....
„ Railroad men. ranch hands
and woodchoppers at short notice
A MAN to buy a route; good paying business.
MISS CULLEN. S25 Sutter st.
BARBERS" Progressive Union — Free employ- !
ment. H. Bernard, Sec, 104 7th: tel. Jessie 152.
WANTED— A young man to make himself gen-
erally useful in dining-room: wages $20 and
found. Apply Union Hotel, 912 Michigan St.,
opposite Union Iron Works.
TAILORS and eoatmakers wanted for the coun-
try. Apply to STEIN, SIMON & CO., Mar-
ket and Second sts.
WANTED — Boy 16 or up to do janitor work
and shine shoes In barber shop; good wages
, and found; steady Job. 1048 McAllister st.
GENTLEMAN- of Indomitable energy and push;
good opportunity to right man. F. PERSON.
room 412. Parrott building.
MAN wanted with $100 to Invest In a paying
business;. can make $65 a month; no experi-
ence required. 1016 Market st., room 10.
"WANTED — Colored boy to run elevator. Call
8. N. WOOD & CO., 718 Market st.
BUSHBLMAN wanted. A. NUSSBAUM, 535
Post st. . ' -
GOOD bedmaker wanted. 989 Howard st,
WANTED— Cook. 1012 Battery et.
WANTED— Dishwasher. 253 First st.
BOY wanted. '174 Townsend st.
PAINTER wanted before 8 o'clock. F. ABBES,
1S03 Polk st. ,
ERRAND boy wanted. 641^ Stevenson st.
ELDERLY man to help in coal yard; German
preferred. 1739 Waller et.
ALL sizes men's shoes, slightly damaged, half
price. 562 Mission St.. bet. 1st and 2d sts.
EXPERIENCED Jewelry salesman: permanent
position In city. Box 252. Call office.
DISHWASHER wanted. 506 Howard st., near
First. .. . . •
WANTED— An errand boy at 956 Mission st. ;
reference. •
BOYS wanted to sell "The Raven" In S. F. anj
Oakland. 2028 Market St.. Oakland.
A GOOD carriage striper. Call at 14 St. Marys
St., oft Pine, near DuDcnt.
DISHWASHER wanted at 22S Michigan st.^
near Union Iron Works.
WANTED— Walter at Golden West Hotel, 68
.Ellis st.
LUNCH waiter wanted at 605 Montgomery
street. .• ¦ ¦ . .
BAKER wanted; second hand; on bread. 108
Ninth st.
$100,000 TO loan on diamonds, watches, seal-
skins. UNCLE HARRIS. 15 Grant ave.
WANTED— jExperienced electrical wireman;
must k' steady and reliable man; wages $3
. per day. Bakersfleld Gas and Electric Light
¦ Company, Bakersfleld, Cal.
WANTED— A place to stop for the winter— This
. can be found at the Adams House, 513 Sacra-
mento st., near Montgomery; one of the few
, respectable houses where countrymen coming
to the city can find nice, clean, chekp, well-
ventilated rooms. A. McCREERY, I'roo.
WANTED— Laborers and mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkln, Reno House proprietor, still
runs Denver House, 217 Third st. ; 150 large
, rooms: 25c per nieht; $1 to $2 per week.
MEN wanted to learn barber trade: only eight
weeks required; position guaranteed; special
j Inducements; catalogue and map of city free.
HOLER'S BARBER COLLEGE. 635 Clay st.
PENSIONS— J. H. Shepard & Co.. old, reliable
firm. 806 Market, rm. 40, Phelan bldg. ; pension
vouchers executed. 25c; advice free.
WANTED— Tailor at Koplan Bros., ' Fresno.
' Cal. -, ¦_ \ - ' -,. ..- .-.--' -;.r '.-¦'
GET ycur shoes half soled while waiting, 25c
to 50c. 562 Mission Bt., : bet. 1st and 2d sts.
WANTED— Lunch cook; ' Corner Pacific and
JBattery. sts.. ¦ ¦ .. : - . .
DENTIST, wanted; graduate & Christian; 'life
' pos. Write H. J. Plomteaux. D.D.S.. Oakland.
WANTED— 100 men to take rooms. 10c. 15c and
¦ 20c. Boston House. 330 Howard St.
GENTLEMEN'S suits to order, $1 per Week, at
cash prices. -.N.-Y. Tailoring. Co.. US Kearny.
SA I LORS, ordinary seamen and green hands ;
all parts of world. -HERMAN'S. 26 Steuart.
MEN and women to learn barber trade.- S.~ F.
BARBER COLLEGE, 741A Howard st.
WINCHESTER House. 44 Third st.; near Mar-
ket: ,700 rooms, 25c. night: reading-rooms; free
'bus and baggage to and from ferry.-
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office, 2200 FlUmore st.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at - 1096
Valencia st. -v * .
HELP WAATED— MALE.
A NEW plate, the unbreakable Rose Pearl,
warranted for 20 years; crowns and bridge-
work; teeth- without a plate; nlllags, SOc:
crowns. $3 50; plates, full set. $5 00; all. work
painless and warranted. Chicago Dental Par-
lors. 24 Sixth st.
EIGHT prizes for best crowns, plates, bridges
and fillings; extractions or fillings by my won-
derful secret, painless method; 20 years ex-
perience; no students; advice free; prices
cheapest and guaranteed; lady attendants.
DR. GEORGE W. LEEK. 20 O'Farrell st.
AT the ELECTRO-DENTAL CLINIC. 809 Mar-
ket St.. cor. 4th, rm. 7, Flood bldg., you can
have your extractions done painlessly; teeth
without plates our specialty; gold crowns,
S3 CO up: plates, extractions free, $4 50 up: of-
fice hours, 8 a. m. to 10 p. m. ; Sundays, 9 to 1
p. m. G. W. WILLIAMSON. M.D.. Manager.
DEXTISTS.
MOSEY TO IX>A3T. /
ANT amotmt by private party on furnlturo and
pianos: no removal; low rates; confidential.
BONELU. Ml Jones it., comer Eddy.
MONEY loaned salirted people without security.'"!
HXLL. nn. 44. Marchants* St.. 431 CaMforala.
TO salaried poopla without security: all bnsl-
niM confidential. Tousley Co.. 821 Parrott big.
HOO.000 TO loan on real estats or for building:
low rate. Home Bide Co.. E3 Bansome st.. r.l
MOXET to lota on furniture by prtvat* party;
low rate. »17 Mark* tt^ room 1.
OK furniture) and planoa; no removal ; oonfl-
dantlal; on diamonds, rtq C Taylor st.
CASH loaned to salaried peopU on not* -without
lndorser. MORRELL, 809 Examiner bonding.
TO salaried people without eollat«ral or In-
dorser. 8. r. Discount Agency. 1*3 Phelan big.
MTJSiOAi. rxsTramrorra.
CALX, and in oar itoek of new Decker & Son
pianos.- tn all the latest styles of walnut and
mahogany ctin. They are beauties and hav«
the loveliest ton* aad most perfect touch of
any mik*. Curb, or payments ax MAUVAI3',
789 Market it.
NOW Is the time to secure a fin« Packard or*
gun (or the Christmas services In your church
or Sunday school. Low prices and e*ay terms
at MATTVAIS', 789 Market at.
NO matter how cheap you want to buy or how
small payments you want to make, you may
Ice a money by not calltn* on us before clos-
lnsr a bargain. We sell all kinds of musical
roods cheap, for cash or on payments. MAU-
VAI3 Moslo Co.. 769. Market St.
ALL purchasers of pianos at Byron Mauzy's
have the prlvll?g» of exchansmg {or one of
the celebrated Sohmer Pianos, or one of our
Byron Mauzy Pianos, any tlm* within four
years, full purchase price being allowed. Our
rent plan has b«en the best offered to the
publlo for the past three years. A large size,
beautifully finished, full-toned piano, with
stool and cover, warranted for five years, for
1350. M cash and $3 per month. Tats is not a
cheap piano, fun vafua being gtvn for every
dollar spent. BTKON MAUZx, Bole Agent
8ohm«r & Co.. Byron Maaxy, Oabler. Spell-
man and Hamilton Planoa. tOS, tl\ 112 Post.
it.t. pnrchasers of pianos at BHEBMAX.
CLAY tc CO.'B have the privilege of ex-
Changing for a STEIN/WAY any time within
three yean *^ fuN purchase price allowed:
the belt makers of every trade to select from:
beautiful new uprights $S cash. W per month:
some good pianos for 13. $4 and $5 par month.
SHERMAN^ CLAY * CO.. STEINWAY
DEALERS, corner Kearny and Sutter sts..
Ban Francisco: corner Broadway and Thir-
teenth it.. Oakland.
ABSOLUTELY the oldest and largest house
west of Chicago Is KOIILER & CHASE'S. 28.
23 and 39 O'Farrell St.; pianos, organs and
all other musical Instruments of all grades
and prices: terms easy: prices lowest; every-
thing: possible dons to please and satisfy the
customer.
BARGAINS— Prices this week as an ad: ~
Bluthner grand, cost $10CO, for $3T;>
Schuman upright, cost $300, for 9t»
Sherman & Clay, cost 1275. for 63
Btelnway upright, cost $475. '<£•-••• 1S»
HEI'JE PIANO CO.. 217 Geary St.
OPEN EVENINGS.
SPECIAL snaps In a few slightly used pianos.
See us. BENJ. CURTAZ & SON. 18 O'Far-
rell St.: Chickerlng agency and everything
pertaining to music; symphonton music boxes.
A FINE three-pedal upright: elegant case: fine
tone: must be sold at once; a snap. Room 19,
Flood building. ¦
SALE of high- irrade pianos at factory prices
this week. THE DEWING CO.. Flood bldg.
NEUMAN upright. $75: Sherwood. $83: Peek,
$100: other bargains. BRUENN. 2% Post st.
GENTLEMAN going East must sacrifice elw-
gant upright grand piano; 3 pedals. 332 Turk.
BEST rent stock In cityi new pianos; $3 per
month. SCOTT CURTAZ. 560 Hayes st. I
SUPERIOR violins, xithers; old and new. II.
MCLLER. maker, repairer. 2 Latham place.
A cleaning out of pianos for storage; dirt cheap;
Installments; Wilson's Storage. 1710 Market.
A BARGAIN: must be sold: nice upright piano.
SCHMITZ. 18 McAllister St.. next HIP. Bank.
HIGH-GRADE pianos; Steck, Hardman. Con-
over ft others. W. B. ALLEN & CO.. 314 Post
OFFICES AXD STORES TO LBT.
A— MODERN store with . fixtures . grocery and
bar; 990 McAllister. SPECK & CO.. «67 Mar-
ket st.
EMMA SPRECKELS building, 927 Market st. —
Light sunny offices. $15 to CO per month, w.t!i
light, heat, janitor and use of phone.
STORE to let: suitable for barber shop, *h<-«e
»hop or stationery store; low rent. 404 O'Far-
rell st.
Oil,. .
JOSEPH B. TOPLITZ. 33ft Pine street.
MEMBER PRODUCERS' OIL. EXCHANGE.
Country corT^^p^nd^nc^ solid t#**^.
~ OIL LANDS FOR. SALE.
PROVEN oil lands In the Kern River ffcld for
rale; no stock proposition: no wildcat schema:
this Is sure territory In the largest and best
known fleld In California. If you want to form
a company buy good land on the line of th*
railroad. NEWTON, CARMAN & SOME3. S.
C. MASON, agent. 11 Montgomery st.
H. JEROME FOSSELLI. scientific palmist. MS
-Taylor st.. bet. Geary and Post; tel. Black 5*1
MME. NEERGAARD. TOO Post; teL Hyiia ' Wt;
hf>ur« ] inS •»•. t<n<i Sim^av hv not>otntT»»'»"-
PATE>"1S AND^PEysIONS.^^^^
ADVICE free; no charga unless successr>]:.
GEO. D. CAMPBELJ* Lawyer. Examiner b'i*
PERSONALS.
FRED MANN, magnetic healer of nervous and
o'her diseases, specialist In head trouble and
rheumatism; pamphlet sent free. 843 McAllis-
ter. Note— Havlne lately arrived I will cure
free of charge a limited number of acute
cases of rheumatism, neuralgia, sciatica anl
acy head trouble. Apply early. FRED MANN.
MATTRESSES AND PILLOWS— Tel. South 792:
made to order; renovated: honest work guar-
anteed; feathers and hair cleansed; uphol-
stered furniture cleaning a specialty; fine up-
holstery. HOPKE BROS.. 31S and 320 11th st.
RAO carpets wove to. order and for sale; also
chenille-wove rugs, silk portieres; dealer in
carpet twine. In hank or chain, at lowest
rates. QEO. MATTHEWS. 709 Fifth. Oakland.
ELECTRIC light In every room— Winchester
Hotel, 44 Third St.. near Market: 700 rooms;
Sc to » SO per night; $130 to $6 per week;
free 'bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
LEDERER, the hair dresser; all the very new-
est opera hair styles, only 23c; switches. }l
up; hair ornaments a specialty. 123 Stockton.
AN experienced detective solicits work; mining
cases a specialty; best of references given.
Address Detective. S. F. P. O.
SUITS to order on Installments; $15 upward; %l
a week. LEON LEMOS. 1117 Market St.. be-
tween Seventh and Eighth.
BORROW on pianos, furniture, diamonds,
paintings: secrecy. Uncle Harris. 15 Grant av.
PRIVATE detective work; reasonable rates; 10
years' experience. J. B. RAY. 337 Jessie st.
LEDERER'S Qulntontca hair tonic: beautifies ;
laves from falling out; try It: 35c bottle.
A BLONDE girl baby for adoption. MRS. T>V.i
FUNKE. 1416 Eighth St.. Alameda.
MRS. Dr. James positively cures rheumatism
without drugs or medicine. 29 Eddy, rm. 30
ELECTROLYSIS destroys superfluous hair and
moles; trial free. MI£S EATON, 1119 Sutter.
LEDERER'S Foamo Shampoo Is the best scalp
cleanser In the world. 5c package, j
ASK for unequaled D. F. Black Suede Gloves;
$1 25 a pair; guaranteed. 121 Grant ave.
SCIENTIFIC massage treatment by trained
male nurse from the East. 334 OTarreU at.
DR. LAMOTTE'S French Corn Paint, the best
corncure; 23c: all druggists.
BITY your coal of LANGE & GOFF, successors
to W. H. Wiseman. 1711 Sacto.; teL Sutter 2776.
SUITS to order on easy payments. Art Tatlor-
lng Co., 1644 Mkt. under St. Nicholas Hotel.
OLD gold silver, diamonds and precious stones
bought. J. R. JENKEL. 817 Market at.
ALFREDUMS Egyptian Henna: restores gray
hair to Us natural color: $1: at all dmgglst*.
i ruA'si ci a> s AXP sincEOX s.
DrT~J HERBERT REE VS. 26H Kearny st —
New hygienic sanitarium: supposed Incurable
chronic diseases are cured by electro hygler*.
DR C C O' DONNELL— Of flee and residence,
102m Market st.. between Sixth and Seventh.
j REAL ESTATE— CI'iY — FOil SALE.
A^XTwiLLEY. Room IS. 915 Market St.
New 2-story house, near finished; lot 73x100;
3 'blocks from electric road; $730. or will ex-
Change for chicken ranch.
Will sell you house and lot anywhere you
want It; size and price to suit.
Or gilt-edge farm: fruit; running water.
Nice lo.iffinp-house or a good mine, vocaa
Or will exchange anything you 'have. IIS
Market St., phone Black 5215; hours 8 to 8.
$:>C0— A HOME In Owaa view; 4-roozn cottage;
let 13x123; In, center of town; must be sold;
all conveniences of the city, with schools.
churches. Spring Valley water, postofnee da-
J livery, groceries, butcher shops, etc.; fare V
| all parts of city 3c; the cheapest home In San
i Francisco; a rare chance. THISTLITfON
272 Sadowa st.. Ocean View.
• BUSH. 1223 — nice large residence, or could ba
I turned Into- flats; very sunny; S0xl37:e. CaU.
* *
ELDERLY man seeks employment of any kind;
willing to do chores or work about house In
city or country; speaks French and German;
good penman. Box 13S, Call office.
S. F. Dressmaking, Ladies' Tailoring and Mil-
linery School; French system. 4.11 Van Ness.
ACCORDION pleating factory: all kinds pleat-
ing. plnkinR. 121 Post. overO'Connor&Moffatt.
FAIRFIELD'S Millinery Academy; call and ex-
amine work: send for circular. 1236 Market.
DRESSMAKERS AND SEAMSTRESSES
McDOWELL Dressmaklngand Millinery School ;
patterns cut; evenlne class. 1019 Market st.
WANTED— Situation by a bright youne man
of good education; would like a position
where he would have a chance for advance-
ment; references. Box 226, Call office.
MISSION Chapter No. 79. R. A. M-— m
Stated meeting THIS (THURSDAY) _JV_
EVENING. 7:3' o'clock. Mission Ma- Jkjt
eonle Temple, 2CC8 Mission st Business *V
and Mark Master Degree. By order of the
H. P. J.VO. R. UILLMAN. Secretary.
A REGULAR meeting of Yerba Buena •
LodK* of Perfection No. 1. A. and A.
Scottish Rite of Freemasonry, will be A
held in Commandery Hall. Masonic jKV
Temple, on THURSDAY EVENING. •aPBS»
November II, 1900, at S o'clock. Ninth and
Tenth degrees. HENRY BURNER. Sec.
MEETING NOTICES.
COTTAGES TO LET.
FOLSOM, 232R— Cottage 7 rooms and bath; large
yard: rent S22.
ADVANCE Carpet-Cleaning Co.. 402 Sutter st.
teL Main 294. GEO. WALCOM. proprietor.
CONKLIN'S Carpet-Beating Works. 333 GolJsn
Gate ave.: telephone East 126.
COMPETENT man, 29, very willing, seeks sit-
uation as general clerk in any kind of busi-
ness; speaks and writes English, German and
French fluently; good references. Please ad-
dress GRUENIGEN, 1043 Mission st. '
BARTENDER would like a position; best ref-
erences; city or country. 728 Fourth st^
COACHMAN and eardener and man about
place; first-class all-round handy man and
handy with all kinds of tools. Box 244, Call.
BAKER foreman, reliable and steady, wants
work as such; ... fair cake baker. Address
Baker, 223 Third st.. Oakland. -
COACHMAN by young Englishman; can milk,
etc. ; best of reference if required, j Box 175,
Call office. - ' .
EMPLOYMENT WANTED— MALE.j
RELI ABLEpman (Ge'rinaiO^wlth'"^ years' ex-
perience as . distiller and wine maker, wants
position In city or country. Apply to room
614, Call building. 'i___J_!.
SAN FRANCISCO CALL.
BfSINEES OFFICE of The San Francisco
Call, corner of Market and Third streets, open
cntll 12 o'clock every night In the year.
BRANCH OFFlCES-t27 Montgomery street,
corner Clay; oeen until 9:30 p. m.
XX Hayes street: open until S:30 p. m.
€3$ Mr A 11! f ter street; open until 9:20 p. m.
fit- Larkin rlreet; open until 5:30 p. m.
1S41 Mission etreet; cpen until 10 p. m.
2261. Market street, corner Sixteenth; open
106 Eleventh street; cpen until I p. m.
1C9« Valencia street; cpen until J p. m.
Northwest comer Twenty-second and Ken-
tucky etreets; open until 9 p. m.
CITY Steam Carpet-Beating Works. O. H.
STEVENS, rngr., 38-40 Sth St.; tel South 250.
J. E. MITCHELL. Carpet-Beating and Reno-
vatlng Co.. 240 Fourteenth st.: tel. Mission 74.
CARPETS cleaned at Sc per yard, laid at 5c.
BTRATTON'S, 3 Eighth St.; tel. Jessie 944.
STANDARD, 813 Guerrero— Curtains and blan-
kets renovated, 25c per pair; carpents cleaned,
Sc yd.: laying a specialty. Phone Mission 106.
CARPET CHEATING^ AND^CLEANiyO.
WHEN you ' become disgusted with poor work
send toTSPAULDING'S Pioneer Carpet-Beat-
Ing Works, 353-357 Tehama Bt. ; tel. South 40.
EXPERIENCED operators on ladles' waists;
electric power; steady work; can make $10
per week. MARKS BROS.. 1212 Market St. -
GERMAN girl wanted . to do light housework
and mind 2 children, ages 2 and 4; no cooking;
wages $20. 617 Montgomery st.
HELP WANTED— FEMALE.
TAILORESS wanted as pants finisher. SH
Kearny st, room 18, top floor.
WANTED — German girl for general housekeep-
ing; must be good cook: $20l .712 Hayes st.
SEWING girls, attention!— Experienced opera-
tors on dress and negligee shirts; steady
work; good pay. Lowenberg Co.. 27 Jessie st.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 FlUmore St.STEAM WHALER GRAMPUS MAKES PORT
AFTER TWO VERY SUCCESSFUL SEASONS
H. M. McCartney has been selected as
chief engineer of Senator Clark's new
road between Los Angeles and Salt Lake
City, and he is now at work with sev
eral assistants surveying the proposed
road from the Angel City to San Ber
nardino. Mr. McCartney is a native of
Salt Lake' City. He was recently chief
engineer and superintendent oi the Ari
zona and Utah road, with headquarters
In Kingman, .Ariz. Prior to thai he built
the White Pass and Yukon line in Alaska,
and he was also chief engineer of con
struction of the Salt Lake and Pacific and
the Utah and California.
Will Be Chief Engineer. '
THE steam whaler Grampus got
back from the Arctic yesterday
after spending two seasons in the
frozen north. During that time
thirteen whales were taken, so
that in round figures the ship haa a $150,
000 catch. Only 27,000 pounds of bone
came down on the vessel, the remainder
having been sent home on the whaling
tenders.
One of the most remarkable of tha
Grampus' crew is Tommy George. He
went to the Arctic on the Mary D. Hume
in 1893 with Captain Leavitt. On that
occasion the Hume remained three years
In the ice and made a phenomenal catch.
When she was coming home In 1836 Tom
my transferred to the Newport at Her
8chel Island, and in 1897, when he was on
his road home, the Newport was frozen
in off Point Barrow. When In August,
1S38, the Newport, got clear Tommy left
her at Point Hope and went whaling on
the beach with the Esquimaux. In 1833
Captain Leavitt of tha Grampus picked
subscribing members of the Harbor Re
publican Club and a few other . Invited
guests on board the steamer Carolina In
a ratification cruise Tuesday night The
steamer, gaily decorated with flaes and il
luminated with Chines© lanterns, left
Jackson-street wharf at 8:30 o'clock and
cruls?d along the front and down the bay
past Hunters Point, reaching the wharf
on the return shortly after. 11 o'clock.
About forty guests were aboard.
The after deck was inclosed and pro
vided with chairs and a piano. Refresh
ments were served and a "jinks" was
given, of the kind for which Captain Leale
and the Caroline are famous. Robert
Lloyd sansr several songs. Captain Leale,
Captain Iko Smith, Charles Pratt, the
Pilot Commissioner, and Captain J. E.
AlcCulloch told stories. Henry Madison
gave several piano solos. A quartet
composed of Messrs. Lloyd, Wilson, Mad
ison and Pratt sang popular sonprs, the
company joining: in the choruses. The hit
of the evening was made by John Lund
berg, chief officer of the Caroline, with
his sailor shanties.
RATIFICATION" CRUISE
ABOABD THE CAROLINE
Captain "William Leale Entertains
Members of the Harbor Repub
lican Club and Others.
Captain William Leale entertained the
TO SAIL.
THURSDAY. NOVEMBER 15.
United States Coast and Geodetlo Survey—
Times and Heights of High and Low
Waters at Fort Point, entrance to San
Francisco Bay. Published by official au
thority of the Superintendent.
NOTE — The high and low waters occur mX tha
city front (Mission-street wharf) about twentjr
five minutes later than at Fort Point; Xh»
height of tide is the same at both places^
Sun, Moon and Tide.
NOTE — In the above exposition o£ the tides
the «arly morning tides ara given In the left
hand column and the successive tides of the
day in the order of occurrence as to time of
day, the third time column the third tlda and
the last or right hand column gives the last
tide of tha day, except when there are but
three tides, as sometimes occurs. The heights
given are la addition to the soundings on the
United States Coast Survey charts, except
when a minus sign (— ) precedes the height, and
then tha number given Is subtracted from tha
depth gtven by the charts. Tha plane of refer
ence is the mean of the lower low waters.
The time ball on the tower of the new Ferry
building was dropped at exactly noon to-day—
1. «.. at noon of the 120th meridian, or at I
o'clock p. m.. Greenwich time. '
C. O. - CALKIN3.
Lieutenant Commander. XJ. S. N., In chars*.
¦ ¦ ? ¦ »
CALL CALENDAR,
Branch Hydrographie Office. U. 9. N.. Mer
chants' Exchange. San Francisco. * CaL.
' November 14. MOO. -
Time Ball.
PORT GAMBLE — Arrived Nor 14 — Bark
Fresno, from Port Townsend.
PORT HA DLOCK— Sailed Nov 14— Schr Wing
and Wing, for San Francisco.
CASPAR— Sailed Nov It— Stmr Luella, for
San Pedro.
SEATTLE— Arrived Nov 14— Bark Highland
Light, from Tacoma.
Sailed Nov 14— Br shlD Dunreggan, for Quar
termaster Harbor.
PORT TOWNSEND— Arrived Nov 14— Bark
Fresno, from :¦ Honolulu.
COOS » BAY— Arrived Nov 14— Schr Laura
Pike, hence Oct 29; schr Monterey, hence No
vember 11. -. ¦
Sailed Nov 13— Schr Mary E Russ, for San
Francisco.
BOWENS LANDING— Arrived N0V14— Stmr
Navarro. hence Nov' 13.
- TACOMA— Sailed Nov 14— Schr Sehome. for
San Francisco.
Sailed Nov 14— Ship Gov Robie. for Sydney.
NEAH BAY— Passed out Nov 14— Bark Levi
G Burtress, for San Francisco: bark Ka:e
Davenport, for San Francisco; Br. ship Port
Caledonia, from Toccrcia. for Astoria. Or.
EUREKA — Arrived Nov. l+^-Stmr Santa Bar
bara, hence Nov 13: stmr North Fork, hence
Nov. 13: *stmr Cleone. hence Nov 13.
; Sailed Nov 14— Stmr Samoa, for San Fran
cisco; stmr Eureka, for San .Francisco.
-ASTORIA— Sailed Nov 14— Stmr Q .W Elder,
for San Francisco.'SBIHnBBHsBBP
EASTERN PORTS.
NEW TORK— Arrived Nov lJ-Shlp Henry B
Hyde, from Honolulu; ship Susquehanna. from
New Tork. for 'Manila.
; . FOREIGN i PORTS.
NEWCASTLE, - NSW— Sailed Nov 13— Scir
DOMESTIC PORTS.
July 23, lat 8 N\ Ion 113 W— Br ship Shandon.
from Seattle, for Queenstown.
Sept IS. lat 33 S. Ion 36 W— Oer bark Arnold,
from Victoria, for Newcastle, England.
Oct 7, lat 3 N, Ion 2S W— Fr bark General de
Boisdeffre, from Swansea," for Oregon.
SPOKEN.
POINT LOBOS, Nov 14. 10 p m— Weather
foggy; wind 8W, velocity 3 miles. - •
Wednesday, November 14.
Stmr Columbia, Doran, Astoria.
Stmr Brunswick, Andresen. Eureka.
Stmr Willamette. Hansen. Seattle.
Stmr Queen. Thomas, . San Diego.
Stmr Pomona, Shea. Eureka.
Stmr Iaqua, Bash, San Pedro.
Ship Paramlta, Backus. Melbourne.
Fr bark Fervaat. Mabon. Queenstown.
TELEGRAPHIC.
SAILED.
"' Wednesday, November 14.
Stmr Pomona, Shea, Eureka; Goodall, Per
kins & Co.
Br Btmr Robert Adamson. Morgan. Nanaimo;
John RoaenfeWa Sons.
Br stmr Warfleld, Pattle, Chcmalnus; R
Ducsmulr Sons Co.
Br ship Loudon Hill. Cruicksbank, Liverpool;
Baltour, Guthrle & Co. .
Bark Wallace B Flint. Johnson. Honolulu;
Alexander & Baldwin (Ltd).
Ptmr Brunswick, Andresen. S3 hours from San
Pedro.
Stmr Santa Cruz, Hlnkle. 10 hours from Pig
eon Point.
Stmr Iaqua, Bash, 23 hours from Eureka;
bound south; put In to land passengers.
¦ Stmr Greenwood, Fagerlund. 19 hours from
Cleone.
Stmr Newsboy, Lundqulst. 47 hours from San
Pedro.
Whaling stmr Grampus, Leavitt. 19 day a from
Unalaska.
Br stmr Wellington, Salmond, SU days from
Comox.
Ship Oriental, Parker, 14 days from Seattle,
via Port Angeles 11 days.
Schr Abble, Peterson, 10 days from Grays
Harbor. '
Schr Parkersburg, Jorgenson, 10 days from
CoQuMe River.
Schr Pioneer, Mlkkelsen. 9 days from Grays
Harbor.
Schr Guide, Olsen. 10 days from Grays .Har
bor.
Schr Mary and Ida. Ipsen. 18 days from Unga.
CLEARED.
Shipping Intelligence.
/ ARRIVED.
Wednesday, November 14.
Stmr John 8 Klmball, Thwlng. 74 hours from
Seattle. .
Stmr Rainier. Hansen, SI hours from What
com. V •
Stmr Noyo, Johnson, 14 hours from Fort
Bragg.
Stmr Jeanle. Mason. 4 days from Seattle.
The steamer. Robert Adamson sailed yester
day for Nanaimo with I the following mining
supplies, valued at $304:
10 bjls lubricating oil, 40 kegs spikes, 9 bales
waste.
Large Shipment of Canned Goods.
The British ship London Hill cleared yester
day for Liverpool with the following cargo,
valued at i 271, 036:
50,638 cs canned fruit, 33.S92 cs canned salmon.
61.610 lbs copper matte. 2031 ctls wheat, 17.0UQ
feet lumber dunnage.
Mining Supplies for Nanaimo.
The Compeer loads lumber on Puget Bound for
Kahulul; the Falkland (at San Diego), wheat
at Tacoma. for Europe, 42s 6d, prior to arrival;
the Malpo, wheat at Portland for Europe. 3Ss
Sd (option of Tacoma loading. 37b 9d; or lum
ber on.Puget Sound for Cork, 80s; option of
direct port on west coast. 60s, prior to arrival);
the Prosper, lumber at Tacoma for Sydney, 52s
6d. prior to arrival; the St. Mary's Bay, wheat
at Tacoma for Europe. 46s 3d, prior to arrival.'
Shipping Merchants.
NEWS OF THE OCEAN.
Matters of Interest to Mariners and
Williams. Dimond & Co. were given per
mission to build shear legs on Howard
No. 3 and also to erect public scales at
the entrance to the same wharf.
Tommy up at Point Hope and took him
north again. Now Tommy has come home
to enjoy himself.
There was only one fatality during the
entire, trip of the Grampus. When th*
vessel was a few days out from, this port
Henry A. Bell died of pneumonia. He
was burled at sea.
- ¦ hut *
' Harbor Commissioners Jleet.
At a meeting of the State, Board of
Harbor Commissioners held yesteraay C.
D* Jllson was appointed a wharfinger to
succeed M. A. Smith, time expired.
The Santa F© Company submitted plans
for their new freight depot on lot 5 on
the seawall. The plans will b« approved.
Honcipu. for Kahulul. Sept 23— Br «h!p Dittos,
for San Francisco. Oct i— Br ship Zlnta, for
Acarulco,
MELBOURNE— Arrived prior to Not 13— Bark
Himalaya, hence Aug 25.
SYDNEY— Arrived Nov 12— Br itmr Mlowera.
from Vancouver. Prior to Nov 13— Nor bark
Passepartout, from Tacoma.
MANILA— Arrived prior to Nov 13— U S stmr
Grant, hence Oct 18. I
NAGASAKI— Arrived prior to Nov 13— Dutcn
itmr Wilhelmlne, from Tacoma,
Sailed prior to Nov it— Br stmr Kintuck. for
Seattle.
ANTWERP-In port Oct 2*-Br ship King
Edward, for San Francisco.
PORT NATAL— Sailed July 18— Br bark Blair
hoy le. for Astoria.
HONGKONG-Salled Sept 25-Ger snip Peter
Riekmers, for Astoria. Prior to Nov 1— Br baric
Queen Margaret, for Astoria.
OCEAN STEAMER3.
NEW TORK— Sailed Nov 14— 8tmr St Louis,
for Southampton; Btmr Germanic, for Liver
pool: stmr South wark. for Antwerp.
Arrived Nov 14— Stmr Majestic, from liver
pool.
LONDON— Arrived Nov 1*— Stmr Menomlnee.
for New York.
SOUTHAMPTON— Sailed Nov 14— Stmr Kai
ser Wilhelm d^- Grosse. from Bremen, for New
York, via Cherbourg.
PLYMOUTH— Sailed Nov 14— Stmr Cap Frlo,
from Hamburg, for New York.
BREMEN— Arrived Nov 14— Stmr Weimar,
from New York; stmr Trier, from New York.
QUEENSTOWN— Arrived Nov 14— Stmr New
England, from Boston, for Liverpool, and pro
ceeded.
TO ARRIVE.
Steamer Movements.
THE LJTTLE GASOLINE SCHOONER MASCOTTE FROM THE NEW HEBRIDES AND THE STEAM WHALER
GRAMPUS. AS THET APPEARED OFF MEIGGS WHARF YESTERDAY MORNING. THE MASCOTTE 13 AT
ANCHOR AND THE GRAMPUS IS MAKING HER WAY UP THE BAY.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, NOVEMBER 15, 1900.
Tommy George, Who Has Spent Seven Years Above
the Arctic Circle, Game Back to Civilization
13
Steamer.
Destlnat'n.J
Balls.
Pier.
Rival....*.... WHIapa .... Nov. 15, 8 pm Pier t
Corona Newport ... Not. W, 9 am Pier 11
Mandate.)* CoqulUe- R.. Nor. 17, 10 am Pier 3
Rainier Seattle Nov. 17. 6 pmiPler IS
Walla W.... Victoria .... Nov. 17, 11 am Pier •
Pt. Arena... Ft. Arena... Nov. 17, ipmPtir 1
Eureka Humboldt .. Nov. 17, lam Pier 1
Pomona Humboldt .. Nov. 18. 2 pm Pier •
Santa Rosa. San Diego.. Nov. IS. 11 am Pier 11
Newport New York... Nov. 19, 13 m PMSS
Geo. Elder.. Portland ... Nov. W. 11 am Pier 14
China China & J.. Nov. 20, 1 pm PMSS
Bonita.: Newport ... Nov. 20. 9 am Pier It
Arcata Coca Bay... Nov. 20. 4 pm Pier 13
Albion Honolulu .. Nov. 20, J pm Pier 2
Alliance Portland ... Nov. 21. 9 am Pier 20
Mariposa Australia .. Nov. a, » am Pier 7
G. Dollar.... Grays Har.. Nov. 21. 6 pm Pier 2
Queen San Plego.. Nov. H, 11 ami Pier U
Etearner. . From. . I Duo.
From.
I Duo.
Matteawan Tacoma Nov. IS
Santa Rosa San Diego Not. IS
Point Arena.... Point Arena Nov. 15
Eureka Humboldt Nov. 15
Victoria Oyster Harbor Nov. 15
Crescent City... Crescent City Nov. 13
Martposa Australia Nov. IS
G. W. Elder... Portland Nov. IS
THar.la Nanalmo Nov. IS
Robert Dollar.. Seattle Nov. 17
Coos Bay Newport Nov. 17
Empire Coos Bay — Nov. 17
Pomona Eureka '. Nov. 17
Umatilla Victoria Nov. 13
Grace Dollar... Grays .Harbor Nov. IS
Queen San Diego Nov. IS
Banta Barbara. Humboldt Nov. 13
San Juna New York Nov: i»
Alliance Portland "& Coos Bay.. Nov. 19
North Fork Humboldt Nov. 19
Arcata Coos Bay Nov. 19
Doric China and Japan Nov. »
Czarina Seattle ,, Nov. JO
Columbia Portland Nov. 21
Corona Newport Nov. II
Ban rises ..........•:&}
San sets ..., , V A:B9
Moon rises 0:37 a. m.
O Time Time Time Time
& Ft. Ft. Ft. Ft.
• H W !• ' "W , HTV I*Wj
14 ... 1:1! To 12:21 ~T? S:41 "To 11:45 ~T»
15 ... 6:52 S.I 1:23 2.3 «:5S 3.8
L.W HW LW HW
IS ... 0:36 1.7 7:31 5.2 2:12 1.8 8:04 t.»
1? ... 1:31 2.0 S:Cfi 5.4 2:43 1.3 9:05 3.3
IS ... 1:29 2.3 8:39 5.S 3:20 0.S 3:SS 4.0
19... 2:35 2.8 9:09 5.6 3:52 0.4 10:42 4.1
20... 3:11 2.8.9:36 5.7 4:23 O.0J 11:27 4.S
NOVEMBER. 1900.
T.1W.IT.IF.IS. I
Moon's Phases.
r-
ZLj-J-J.
Fell Moon.
W November 1
U
4 5 • t » >. *° yj- Last Quarter.
ITiriririr W » November 13.
®K«tr Moon,
„ .. ; SovimbtT n.
... . - . ¦ J N'OTtmtur ».
Steamer.
Destlnat'n.J
Balls.
Pier.
Rival....*.... WHIapa .... Nov. 15, 8 pm Pier t
Corona Newport ... Not. W, 9 am Pier 11
Mandate.)* CoqulUe- R.. Nor. 17, 10 am Pier 3
Rainier Seattle Nov. 17. 6 pmiPler IS
Walla W.... Victoria .... Nov. 17, 11 am Pier •
Pt. Arena... Ft. Arena... Nov. 17, ipmPtir 1
Eureka Humboldt .. Nov. 17, lam Pier 1
Pomona Humboldt .. Nov. 18. 2 pm Pier •
Santa Rosa. San Diego.. Nov. IS. 11 am Pier 11
Newport New York... Nov. 19, 13 m PMSS
Geo. Elder.. Portland ... Nov. W. 11 am Pier 14
China China & J.. Nov. 20, 1 pm PMSS
Bonita.: Newport ... Nov. 20. 9 am Pier It
Arcata Coca Bay... Nov. 20. 4 pm Pier 13
Albion Honolulu .. Nov. 20, J pm Pier 2
Alliance Portland ... Nov. 21. 9 am Pier 20
Mariposa Australia .. Nov. a, » am Pier 7
G. Dollar.... Grays Har.. Nov. 21. 6 pm Pier 2
Queen San Plego.. Nov. H, 11 ami Pier U
Ban rises ..........•:&}
San sets ..., , V A:B9
Moon rises 0:37 a. m.
O Time Time Time Time
& Ft. Ft. Ft. Ft.
• H W !• ' "W , HTV I*Wj
14 ... 1:1! To 12:21 ~T? S:41 "To 11:45 ~T»
15 ... 6:52 S.I 1:23 2.3 «:5S 3.8
L.W HW LW HW
IS ... 0:36 1.7 7:31 5.2 2:12 1.8 8:04 t.»
1? ... 1:31 2.0 S:Cfi 5.4 2:43 1.3 9:05 3.3
IS ... 1:29 2.3 8:39 5.S 3:20 0.S 3:SS 4.0
19... 2:35 2.8 9:09 5.6 3:52 0.4 10:42 4.1
20... 3:11 2.8.9:36 5.7 4:23 O.0J 11:27 4.S
NOVEMBER. 1900.
T.1W.IT.IF.IS. I
Moon's Phases.
r-
ZLj-J-J.
Fell Moon.
W November 1
U
4 5 • t » >. *° yj- Last Quarter.
ITiriririr W » November 13.
®K«tr Moon,
„ .. ; SovimbtT n.
... . - . ¦ J N'OTtmtur ».
Etearner. . From. . I Duo.
From.
I Duo.
Matteawan Tacoma Nov. IS
Santa Rosa San Diego Not. IS
Point Arena.... Point Arena Nov. 15
Eureka Humboldt Nov. 15
Victoria Oyster Harbor Nov. 15
Crescent City... Crescent City Nov. 13
Martposa Australia Nov. IS
G. W. Elder... Portland Nov. IS
THar.la Nanalmo Nov. IS
Robert Dollar.. Seattle Nov. 17
Coos Bay Newport Nov. 17
Empire Coos Bay — Nov. 17
Pomona Eureka '. Nov. 17
Umatilla Victoria Nov. 13
Grace Dollar... Grays .Harbor Nov. IS
Queen San Diego Nov. IS
Banta Barbara. Humboldt Nov. 13
San Juna New York Nov: i»
Alliance Portland "& Coos Bay.. Nov. 19
North Fork Humboldt Nov. 19
Arcata Coos Bay Nov. 19
Doric China and Japan Nov. »
Czarina Seattle ,, Nov. JO
Columbia Portland Nov. 21
Corona Newport Nov. II
URANNAN 422— Two sunny unfurnished rooms,
rent $6; newly cleaned.
BURNETT. H26 Market (old No. 13$4)— Fur-
nished rms, suites, single; also unfurnished.
BL'SH. 620 (The Elk)— Changed hands; newly
renovated, nicely furn. sunny rms., $1 50 to $7
week; 25c to II 50 night. MRS. P. RANFT.
ELLIS 630— Tidy, neatly furn. rooms for gen-
tlemen only; desirable house, neighborhood.
FIFTH. 107— Pleasant unfurnished rooms to let.
FOLSOM. 965. cor. tth (The Oliver) — New fur-
nished tunny rm*., single, suites; reasonable.
GEARY, 405 (The Navarre)— Elegantly furnished
rms: tuites or single; travelers accommodated.
LAGUNA. 749— Unfurnished parlors; cun all
day; private; quiet; modern.
GRAND SOUTHERN, southeast corner Seventh
and Misslcn sib. — SUnny rooms, en suite or
single; ladies' parlor; reading-room; elevator.
LAB PALMAS. 1S20 Market «t.— Suite of 2 or 3
rms.; private; bath; sin. rms.; board optional.
MINNA. 667, corner Eighth — New -furnished
bay-window room, $1 per week; transient.
McCLELLAND, 200 Turk St.— Changed hands;
newly renovated; all rooms facing either
Turk or Jones st.; rent reasonable.
MINNA. 63S— 3 newly furnished rooms. 1 large
bay-window; man and wife; 2 other*? reas'ab.
MISSION. 1514. near Eleventh — Pleasant room
near town; private family; $1 25 a week.
NEW ARLINGTON. 1015 Market St.— Nicely
furnished rooms. J2 a week up; 35c a day up.
NATOMA. 553H— Nicely furnished front rooms;
$5 month.
Cemetery. r v
TUCKET- In this city, November 13," 1900,
Matilda Rose Tuckey. beloved sister of Emil,
Valentine, Joseph L. and Bonirace F. Kehr-
lein. Mrs. Ed J. Duf field and Mrs. Frederick
W. Selbel, a native of. San Francisco.
(ETFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend th> funeral to-morrow
(Friday), at 9 k o'clock. from her late resi-
dence, 2048 Green street, between Buchanan
and Webster, thence to St. Brigid's Church,
corner of Van Ness avenue and Broadway,
where a solemn requiem mass for the repose
of her soul will be held, commencing at 9:30
I o'clock. ! Interment Mount Calvary Cemetery.
VIDEAU— In Paris. France. October 2«, 1900,
Franclne Videau, beloved wife of the late
Henry Videau. and mother' of Gustave and
Henry C. Videau, a native of France, aged 80
years.
WAPPEL— Entered into rest. In this city, No-
vember 13, 1900, Michael Wappel, devoted
father of Mrs. Ellse M. Fay and George and
Albert M. Wappel, a native of Baden. Ger-
many, aged 69 years. (Marysville. Cal., pa-
pers please copy.)
IC7" Remains at the mortuary chapel of the
Golden Gate Undertaking Company, 2425 Mis-
sion street, between Twentieth and Twenty-
first, where funeral services will be' held
to-morrow (Friday), at 2 o'clock. Interment
private. Kindly omit flowers. '
WEIL— In this city. November 14. 1900, David,
beloved husband of Bella W ell, father of Leo,
Bernhard and Julia Well, and brother of Wll-
llum, Louis and Joseph Well, a native- of
Germany, aged 65 years 6 months and 28 days.
WIMMER— In this city. November 13. 1900.
E3na Frances, beloved daughter of George
W. and Katie . Wlmmer, and sister of Ger-
trude, Jennie and Amity Wlmmer. a native
of California, aged 20 years 1 month and 15
days. •
lirTFrlends-and acquaintances are- respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Thursday), at 1:30 o'clock, from her late
residence, 312 Iowa street, near Eighteenth.
Interment Cypress Lawn Cemetery. »
(Thursday), at 2:30 o'clock, from the parlors
of the California Undertaking Company. 403
Powell street, near Post.. Interment Laurel
Hill Cemetery.
TOOMEY-In this city, November 13, 1900,
Bridget, relict of the late William Toomey.
mother of Mathew and John Toomey and the
"late Michael and William -Toomey. and sis-
ter of Mrs. Mary Morris and Mrs.% Hanora
O'Keefe. a native of the parish of Kllmore,
County Kerry, Ireland, aged 58 years.
(CyFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Thursday), at 8:30 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 333 Harriet street, thence to St. Rose's
Church, where a requiem high mass will be
celebrated for the repose of her soul, com-
mencing at 9 o'clock. Interment Holy Cross
OFARRELL, 20— Sunny furnished rooms and
offices; elevator; electric lights; day, wk.. mo.
OTARRELU 224— Nicely furnished front suite,
aiso ether sunny rooms.
ROYAL House, 126 Ellis st.— Incandescent light;
' reading-room, smoking-room and ladies' par-
lor; rooms, per night, 35c to $1 &0; week, $2 to
$8: month, J8 to $30; elevator on ground floor:
rooms with hot and cold water; baths.
real estate city for sale.
ked hot' bargains! ' ~~~~«~-
AT-A. M. SPECK & CO.— AT
HARD TO BEAT? HARD TO BEAT 1 ,
PRICES WILL 6URELY ADVANCE.
S1500.
Flats; rents well for J25; near Second.
J2200.
Flats; tlwaje rented for $44; must »elL
17500.
Flats; brand new; east of Van Nees; rents $72.
ISS50.
Recta tlOO; 100-ft. frcnt : near Taylor st.: no
chance like It.
_. J10.000 INVESTED
*vlU yield $115 monthly, clear over taxes, in-
eurance, etc. This is no idle talk.
U4.500.
Business property; rents $100; wake up If you
want to get ridi.
$59,000.
Corner; 63-ft. front; vicinity Sutter, east of
Hyde; grand hotel, office or rooming house site:
rent* $107.
130,000.
Rent» *2SS: elegant new Improvements; BS-ft.
front; honest value.
$50,000.
44-ft, front: vicinity of Tivoll; old Improve-
ment*; rents $200; block from Market- will
double eurely in 10 years.
¦ 175.000.
Grand comer; 75-ft. front; within block of
? !a T ket • t -i° T 1 T (J , lni Provemtnts; rents $400; with-
in block of Kale's; worth $100 000.
_ $100,000. " "
«_V < 7* 10 per cent net; on a corner 70-ft.
JeT^aTt'hTpalac^^ EXS^ bet '
cu^eTS'TrV'uT ** VMgn ' Ca * h ln
Money to loan^6 per cent. Including taxes.
A- M. SPECK & CO.. G67 Market Bt.
HEADQUARTERS FOR PARK LOTS I
GREAT BARGAINS!
CHOICEST LOCATIONS!
$600 to JSOO-Graded Sunset lots; $19 monthly.
tSOO to $500— Lots Nineteenth ave. boulevard-
tl monthly.
$600 to $S00— Choicest Richmond lots; $10
ccnttly.
$75 to $390— Ocean boulevard lots; $5 monthly.
tioe to J250— Level Mission lots, near cars; $5
monthly.
$75 to $125— Getx Addition, near Ean Mateo
cars; $1 weekly.
$508 to $1000— Few cottages; Installments like
rtnt.
Branch office Ninth ave. and H «L. Sunset. "
Open every day and Sunday. Call for maps
end diagrams.
BOL GETZ & BROTHER,
ROOM 54. CHRONICLE BLDG. '
IK you have well-located property In the Mi»-
t'on, either vacant lots or nice residence, and
you really want to sell, then call en the under-
slgned. W. J. GUX.N. ao California st.
ANY one having a desirable small residence ln
Hlchinond and who wants to fell call on the
undersigned. W. J. Gl'N.N, £30 California et.
OWNERS cf property in Potrero. in large er
email subdivisions, who want to sell, call on
W. J. Gt*NN. £30 California et., between
Montgomery and Kearny.
IF you have j-rei^rty north of the Park and
y;u want to male* a Quick eale call on W. J.
GL"NN. K& California st.
HAVE you property in the Potrero or Excelsior
Horr.^strad Tract that you want to eell? Then
cal! on W. J. GUN N\ . f.30 Calif crnia ft
SifrJO BACH— % elegant n*w dwelling houses con-
ta!r.:i;r S room* and bath, on the east «lde
of Majnnic ave., 1 block eouth of Frederick. '
XOPERN* hous»s built; lowest prices; plans and
estimates furnished. Campbell. 1147 Mission. •
REAL ESTATE COUNTRY — For Sale ;
EAN* MATEO" w
Residences, - -
Ref-idcnce lots,
Ftrms. grazing and marsh lands.
McAKEE BROS., 10S Montgomery St.. B. F.
FOR~eALE OR LEASE.
12f.O a^ree slock ranch near Santa Rosa; price
$10 i«t i».cre.
McAFEE BROS.. 10S Montgomery et., 8. F.
CITY property and tenr.s sold or exchanged;
printed l!*ts. M. GRIFFIX, 719 Market, r. 1.
REAL ESTATE TO EXCHANGE.
VTANTED— In San Franci6co. a rood • or 10
room house ln desirable location, to trade for
a fine 100-foot front buelneps corner in Oak-
land. A. J. EXYDER &. CO.. 467 Ninth Bt..
Oakland.
NEW rottaee. C rms.. bath; lot £0x100: Mission;
rental terms; and vacant lots. 413 Kearny st.
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS.
ALAMEDA REAL ESTATE.
NORTH SIDE of Clement ave. ; 5-room cot-
tage, bath, etc.; lot 'SxVJi feet; street work
complete; $1300.
Lincoln ave. ; house of S rooms: lot 60x130;
etreet work complete; J12S0.
San Jose ave.; choice lot 50xlS0; etreet work
complete; $1200. •
.'. acres land, fine bouse, well and outhouses;
rear etation; for sale at the greatest bargain.
Clinton ave.; 2-story house of 9 rooms; lot 100
xiSO; corner; call at the office for full par-
ticulars.
Fine lots on Sherman st.; 71x130; street work
•21 complete; the choicest lots in Alameda.
Elegant home on Sherman St.: valued at $15.-
000; greatest bargain in Alameda.
Call to see cur list of improved and unim-
proved property.
E. P. JUDD CO.. 1424 Park St.. Alameda. CaL
1.3 ' WILL buy cottage 4 rooms and basement;
near Etation; lot 50x203; street work and slde-
fZ'X) cash. 12; per month; look at this.
_ J. H. YOI'XG. 1142 Park Bt.
$22O— AUCTION price; finest modern 6-room
cottage in Alameda; perfect plumbing; fine
location: 2 blocks from station & high school;
fair terns. A. O. Burns. 150! Park. Alameda.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
Ct-FICE— 1118 BROADWAY.
OAKLAND REAL ESTATE.
$150 CASH. $6 50 monthly; new 3-roo^i cottage,
7-foct basement; fine large lot. 206 feet deep;
price all told. JtM.
$7 lt> cash, (t iM monthly; }» acre excellent
land for ?150.
$15 cash, $6 50 monthly; % acre Al land, $235.
$22 50 cash, !.' monthly; % acre superb land
tor $250.
$25 c«Fh. $11 monthly; 1 acre (more can be
bad> for J475.
Adjoining Eart Oakland; climate. #oll anfl
view the very best; away from fogs and raw
vinfls; near electric car line and wide boule-
vard. Call or send for circular, 413 Seventh st..
Oakland; carrlaKe free. H. Z. JONES, Owner.
IN FRUTTVALE. ~~~~
New house of S rooms; lot GCxlC5; all modern
improvements; electric light and pas;' splen-
dld view. A. R. PETERSON, 478 Tenth st.
OAKLAND DOUSES TO LET.
GOOD bouses. Get list from GEO. W. AUS-
TIN A CO.. 100S Broadway. Oakland.
OAKLAND FCBXITCttB FOR BALE.
AN introduction to y6n from H. Schellhaaa, tb*
furniture dealer. 11th and Franklin, Oakland.
ROOMS FOR HOUSEKEEPING.
A~TRONT suite of housekeeping rooms; also
others. $1 50 up to $5 per week. 215 Kearny
et.. MRS. E. M. TOBIN. ,
CHESTNUT. 283— Furnished rooms to rent,
housekeeping: quiet neighborhood; fiile view;
good house; cheap.
$7— Three furnished rooms for housekeeping;
cood cook; etove. 8S2 Dolores Bt., near Six-
teenth^ - [
HOWARD. 3606 — Large front bay-window room,
kitchen connecting, complete for housekeep-
ing:; private and cheap. ¦ .,
HYDE, *0S— Sunny front suite, $20; also sunny
eulte, housekeeping. $17.
MARKET, near Mason— Larre eunny front rm.
and kitchen; folding bed; $12. Call 142 Kearny.
MARKET, 1CC8— Nice clean rooxq; double bed;
rent $5: ring bell, second floor. . •
MAKTHA pi. 3. off Geary, near Maeon— Sunny
Housekeeping rooms; also other rooms; reaa.
MCALLISTER, 638-Sunny furnished, rooms
complete for housekeeping; sink, range, bath,
laundry; 2. »1S; ». t20. .' ¦ -' -
MISSION, 1101—3 tmfuntlahed housekeeping
rooms, $9. ¦
NOE, 151, north of Market— 3 eunny bay-win-
dow room*; gas stove, grate; bath; $14.
OAK. 119— On* iMTge eunny furnished room for
housekeeping, with closet; clean; $8.
SILVER, 1G5, near Fourth— J or I roomi fur-
niched for housekeeping; cheap.
SIXTH. 22S»i — Two sunny furnished housekeep-
ing rooms: tie per month.
TAYLOR, 1CS— Two housekeeping rooms fur-
nlfhed ln oak; also a large front suite of rms.
TENTH. 123. near Market— Small light bed-
room tm! Icltcben; running water; 55 per tno.
THIRTEENTH, m, near Valencia-Large
housekeeping room; water; stove; eeparate
entrance.
TWO rooms; housekeeping; 1 front room suit-
able lor dentist or dressmaker. 332 Turk M.
ROOMS AND BOARD.
BOARD and rooms at 415 First St.. near Har-
rison.
TEHAMA. 117— Room and board; private fam-
ily; reasonable.
BOARD wanted; family of five; three rooms;
Berkeley or Alameda. Box 255. Call office.
ROOMS AXD DOARD WANTED.
ROOMS WANTED.
SPECIAL NOTICES.
LADIES— Chlchester's English Pennyroyal Pills
ere the best: safe, reliable; take no other;
eer.d 4c stamps for particulars; "Relief for
Ladies" lnjetter by return mall; at drug-
gists. Chichester Chemical Co.. Phlladel.. Pa.
BAD tenants ejected for *4: collections made;
ctty or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION CO..
416 Montgomery ft., rooms 9-10; tel. E5S0.
ROOMS papered from $2 50; whitened $1 up;
pa'.ntlng done. Hartman Paint Ca. 819 Third.
ALL kinds bought, sold, rented, exchanged; re-
pairing lowest rates; open even. 205 Fourth.
SEWING MACHINES AND SUPPLIES.
BOUGHT, sold, rented, repaired; needles and
shuttles; reduced rates. 145 6th; phone Mint 45.
SLOT MACHINES.
BOUGHT and sold; new and second-hand; large
display; very cheap. 1167 Market, bet. 7th & 8th.
STABLE and loft: 34 Heron; rent very cheap.
MADISON &. BURKE.
STABLES TO LET.
PACIFIC Storage and Furniture Moving Com-
pany. 2320 Fillmore st.; phone Jackson 281.
WILSON BROS.. Etorage and moving; covered
vans. Tenth and Market; phone South 762.
BEKINS Van and Storage Co., 722 Mission St.;
tel. Main 1540; shipping at cut rates.
STORAGE AND WAREHOUSES.
ALL kinds bought, sold and repairing guaran-
teed. Charles Plpmbeck. 1915 Mission, nr. 15th.
TWO unfurnished housekeeping rooms ln neigh-
borhood of Post and Fillmore. 210 Capp et.
ROSEDALE House, 319 and 321 Ellis St.— Rooms,
night 25c to $1. week $1 25 to J4; open night.
SHEHMAN Apartment House. 2S Eighth St..
near Market— Furnished or unfurnished.
SIXTH, 136— Furnished room., suitable for gen-
tleman.
SIXTEENTH. 2911, near Howard— Front fur-
nlfhed room; also unfurnished room.
TAYLOR, SIS— Nice double parlor; also sunny
single room, containing 2 beds.
TAYLOR. S10— Sunny room for gentleman, $10;
2 others. t!2 and $15.
TURK. 126— Furnished room suitable for gen-
tleman; (5 per month.
TURK. 52$— Large front room, suitable for I;
also Eingle room; running water, gas.
TURK. MS— Clean, quiet room for gentleman,
fl per week; private family.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Fillmore st.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
rubscriptlons has been established at 10tt
Valencia st.
TYPEWRITERS AND SUPPLIES.
GReTtBARgXiNS IN~TTPEWRitTERS^5Ve
sen better machines for less money than any
house in tha city; rentals, J3. The Typewriter
Exchange, £36 California; telephone Main 266.
ALWAYS bargains ln typewriters; any make.
Write for prices to I* & M. ALEXANDER.
110 Montgomery st^
LEGAL ADVERTISEMENTS.
¦ (C7Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Thurcday), at 1 o'clock, from the parlors o£
H F. Suhr & Co., 1137 Mission street, be-
tween Seventh and Eighth. Interment Mount
Olivet Cemetery, by electric funeral car from
Eighth and Harrison streets.
BMITHERS— In this city. November 18, 1900
J«sus Smithers, beloved mother of Santiago
and Anita Smlthers, a native of Cosala, Slna-
loa, Mexico.
CTFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Thursday), at 9 o'clock, from her late resl-
* dence. 1508 Mission street, thence to St. Igna-
tius Church, Hayes street and Van Ness ave-
nue, where a requiem mass will be celebrated
¦ for the repose of her soul, commencing at 9-30
o'clock. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery. .
STEWART- In San Leandro. November 12. 1900
Eliza Garcia Stewart, beloved wife of James
6tew»rt, a native of Stm Leandro, Cal., aged
84 years 10 months and 13 days.
in? Friends and acquaintances are resnect-
' fully invited to attend the funeral this , day
(Thursday), at 9 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence on the San Leandro < road, thence r to
Bt. Leander's Church, where a solemn re-
qulem mass will be celebrated for the repose
of her soul, commencing at 9:S0 o'clock. In-
terment St. Mary's Cemetery. Oakland. -
THOMPSON— In this city. November 13 1900
Charles Thompson, a native of the South Sea.
Islands, agred 23 years 2 months and 11 days
FTFriends and acquaintances ara re soect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral fMs day
%y Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Thursday), at 9 o'clock, from the parlors of
McAvoy & Co., 1239 Market street, between
Eighth and Ninth, thence to St. Brigid's
Church, where a solemn requiem mass will
be celebrated for the repos« of his soul, com-
¦ mencing at 10 o'clock. Interment Holy Cross
Cemetery.
MURPHY— In this city, at her residence, 8344
Twenty-tourlh street, corner of Bartlett,
Mary, beloved wife of J. W. Murphy, and
mother of Millie, Jamie and Ellen Douglass
Murphy, a native • of Menlo Park, aged 40
years.
E7Notlce of funeral hereafter. % . ;
SCHMIDT— In this city, November 13, 1900.
Carl, beloved husband of Mathilda Schmidt,
and father o" Fred, Henry, Julia and Charles
Bchmldt, a native of Magdeburg, Germany,
aged 52 years 7 months and 8, days. A member
of Norddeutscher Vereln, Verein Elntracht
and Court Barbarossa No. 79, F. of A.
C7Notlce of funeral hereafter. Remains at
the oarlors of the California Undertaking
Company, 405 Powell street, near Poet.
EBELOE— In this city, November 14, 1900, Mar-
tin Ebeloe, beloved husband of Sedsel Ebeloe.
a native of Denmark, aged 46 years 8 months
and 10 days.
FAVA— In Phoenix, Ariz., November 14, 1900,
Amerteo Fava. beloved husband of Elisabeth
Fava, and father of Mrs. Louis Le Clare and
Albert J. and Llllien V. Fava, a native ot
Lucca. Italy, aged 61 years and 6 months.
ETNotlce of funeral hereafter.
FENTON— In the City and County Hospital,
November 14, 1900. Frederick Fenton, a native
of Ireland, aged 66 years.
FENTON— In thU pity. November 14, 1900,
Patrick Fenton, a native of County Cork.
Ireland, aged 66 years. A member of Ship-
wrights' Association. (New York papers
please copy.) »
E7" Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Friday), at 10 o'clock, from the parlors of
James McMenomey & Son, 1057 Mission street,
thence to Et. Patrick's Church for services.
Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
HALL— In San Jose. Cal., November 12. 1900.
WiU'am Hall, a native of Ireland.
C7"Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Thursday), at 2 o'clock, from the funeral
parlors of Bunker & Lunt. 2666 Mission
etreet. between Twenty-second and Twenty-
third, Mission Masonlo Temple. Interment
Odd Fellows' Cemetery.
HABERLY— In this oity, November 13, 1900,
Frederic Valentine Haberly. beloved son of
Fred Haberly. and brother of W . T. and
George W. Haberly and Mrs. F. F. Boyd Jr.,
a native of Vallejo, Cal., aged 23 years 7
months and 23 days. (Chicago. 111., papers
please copy.) ,
ETFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Thursday), at 2 o'clock, from his late resl-
<Wce, 1S27 Green street.
HENNESSY— In this city. November 14, 1800,
Alice Margaret, beloved infant daughter of
Lawrence and Katie Hennessy, a native of
San Francisco, aged 19 days.
HEYFRON— In this city, November 14, 1900, at
her residence, 720 Folsom street, Ellen, be-
loved wife of Patrick Heyfron. a native of
County Waterford. Ireland, aged 70 years.
pyNotlce of funeral hereafter.
HOLCOMB— In this city, November 14, 1900,
Sarah Holcomb, beloved mother of Isaac W.
Hclcomb and Mrs. A. Owens, a native of
Missouri, aged 93 years.
HORAN— In the City and County Hospital, No-
vember 14, 1900, John H. Horan. a native of
Massachusetts, aged 66 years.
HUMMEL— In this city. November 12, 1900,
John, beloved husband of Marie Hummel, and
father of George Hummel, a native of Baden,
Germany, aged 74 years. A member of Teu-
tonia Council No. 66, O. C. F.
ETFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Thursday), at 2:30 o'clock, from the parlors
of H. F. Suhr & Co.. 1137 Mission street, be-
tween Seventh and Eighth. Interment I. O.
O. F. Cemetery.
LEARY— In this city, November 13, 1900, James,
beloved eon of Timothy and Johanna Leary.
and brother of Thomas, Timothy, Katie and
Mary Leary. a native of San Francisco, aged
8 years 4 months and 18 days.
C^Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Thursday), at 11 o'clock, from the parlors
of J. C. 0"Connor & Co.. 767 Mission street.
Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
LOCKWOOD— In this city, November 14, 1900,
Charles Edward Lockwood, son of .Mrs. Seville
Lockwood, a native of Michigan, aged 25
years.
McENIFF— In this city, November 13, 1900, Pat-
rick McEniff, a native of Ireland, aged SO
years.
C7"Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this 'day
(Thursday), at 10:30 o'clock, from the parlors
of A. W. Martin & Co.. 118 Geary street.
Interment Holy Cross Cemetery, by 11:80
o'clock train from Third and Townsend
streets.— " .
McKINNY— In -Oakland. November U.\ 1900,
Hannah, beloved daughter of Thomas and
Katharine McKlnny, and sister of Mary, Mag-
I gle, Katie, Nellie, Tessle and Tommie Mc-
Kinny, a native of New York, aged 28 years.
MONTAGUE— In this city, November 13. 1900,
Catherine Montague, a native of County Ty-
rone, Ireland, aged 70 years.
CTTrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Thursday), at 8:30 o'clock, from the resi-
dence of her Bister, Mrs. Mary Strahan, 251
Tehama ptreet, thence to St. Patrick's
Church, where a requiem high mass will be
celebrated for the repose of her soul, com-
mencing at 9 o'clock. Interment Holy Cross
Cemetery.
MORAN — In this city. November 13, 1900,
Thomas Moran, beloved brother of William
Moran and Mrs. P. Shannon, a native of
County Kildare, Ireland, aged 33 years and t
months.
117 Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Thursday), at 10:30 o'clock, from the funeral
parlors of Bunker & Lunt. 2666 Mission street.
Mission Masonic Temple. Interment Cypress
Lawn Cemetery.
DIXHEIMER-In this city. November 12. 1900.
Matthias • Dlxhelmer ("Dixie"), a. native of
LoulRiana. ased 66 years.
(IT'Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Friday), at 10 o'clock, from the parlors of
. Charles J. B. Metzler, 636 Washington street.
Interment Laurel Hill Cemetery.
DUNN— In this city, November 14. 1900, Wil-
liam Dunn, beloved son of the late John and
Margaret Dunn, and brother of Lawrence,
Cornelius C, Henry L. and Michael Dunn, a
native of England, aged 61 years and 11
months.
* C7Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Friday), at 1 o'clock, from her late residence,
440 Sixth 6treet, between Harrison and Bry-
ant. Interment Cypress Lawn Cemetery.'
CONNELL— In Oakland. November 14. 1900.
John Connell, beloved father of Mary, Julia,
Daniel, Nellie, John and James Connell, a
native of County Galway, Ireland, aged 75
years. .
DELORME— In this city, November 18. 1900,
Alexander, beloved husband of Emllle De-
lorme, and brother-in-law of Mr. A. Thorn,
a native of France, aged 4S years 3 months
and 2 days.
BLENNERHAESETT— In this city. November
IS. 1900, Richard J., dearly beloved husband
of Joanna Blennerhassett. and father of Julia,
William. Tom and Mae Blennerhassett, Mrs.
H. E. Martin. Mrs. P. Herleman and Mrs. J.
Bcsnon. a native" of Tralee. County Kerry,
Ireland, axed SS years.
cy Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Thursday), at 2 o'clock, from Mb late resi-
dence, 22 Clara street. Interment Cypresa
Lawn Cemetery.
BODE— In thU city, November 13, 1900, Caro-
lina, beloved wife of the late Louis C. Bode,
and beloved mother of Henry C. W. Bode,
Mrs. Henrietta Feldshau of Los Angeles and
Louis C, Elizabeth and Charles Bode, a na-
tive of Goettinger, Hanover, Germany, aged
76 years 10 months and 28 days.
DIED.
Blennerhassett. R. J.
Bode, Carolina
Connell, John
Delorme, Alexander
Dlxhelmer. Matthias
Dunn. William
Ebeloe. Martin
Fava, Amedeo
Fenton, Frederick
Fenton, Patrick
Haberly, Frederic V.
Hall. William
Hennessy, Alice M.
Heyfron, Ellen
Holcomb. Sarah
Horan. John H. .
Hummel, John .
Leary. James . •
¦ Lockwood, Charles E.
. McEnifT, Patrick
McKinny, Hannah
Montague. . Catherine
Moran. Thomas
Murphy, Mary,
Bchmldt, ¦ Carl '
Smlthers, Jesus
Stewart, Eliza G.
Thompson, Charles
Toomey. Bridget
Tuckey, Matilda R.
Videau. Francli>«
. Wappel, Michael
¦Weil. David
Wimmer, Edna F.
BORN.
HEEGLER— In this city, November 14. 1900, to
the wife of Joe E. Heegier, a son.
Birth, marriage and death notices sent by
mail will not be lnserte.1. They must b« handed
in at cither of the publication offices and be
Indorsed with the name and residence of per-
sons authorized to have the same published.
BIRTHS— MARRIAGES— DEATHS.
John G. Auradou. 26. 660 Urannan street, and
Clara O. Gaddlnl, 20, 1000 Montgomery street.
Daniel P. Whelan. 26, 1203 Howard street, and
Emily C. McNamara, 20. 1025^4 Natoma street.
MARBIAGE LICENSES.
The following marriage licenses were Issued
yesterday:
Christian Hoffmann, 60, Santa Cruz, and
Caroline E. Bern, 60, Santa Cms.
Anthony Poff, 61. Fisk Mill, and Cordelia I*.
Dodee, 49. city. .
Frederick W. Collins. 23. Oakland, and Mar-
Ion Braunton. 28, Ptockton.
Victor Woycke. 2S. New York City, and Edith
J. Ward, 27, Kansas. City.
GeorKe A. Slttmann, 33, 631 Natoma street,
and Vina E. Le Bret, 18, 631 Natoma street.
Ieadore Zelmer. 26, 1400 Ellis street, and Ruth
Ehilich, 21. g5S Harrison street.
Carsten O. Brandemann, 27, city, and Anna
C. Steinmetz, 22, city.
George E. Lawrence, 26, Lodi. and Emella
Jones, 25, city.
Harry P. Diamond. K. Jl Ensex street, and
Stella Aid rich. 22, 266 Golden . Gate avenue
Charles M." Whitney, 27. 65 First avenue, and
Myrtle N. Brooks, 26, 1763 Sutter etreet.
Alfreil L. Hannaford. 35, Oakland, and Jean-
nette U Stone, 25, Oakland.
John F. Duff, 30. 20 Mason street, and Mar-
garet J. Bland, 2$, 632 Pacific street.
PROPOSED CHANGE OF HARBOR LINE^,
SAN FRANCISCO BAY-A Board of United
States Engineers will hold a public hearing
In the office of STATE HARBOR COMMIS-
SIONERS (Ferry building) at 10 a. m. Thurs-
day, November 15. J900, to consider applica-
tion for an advance of the existing: harbor
line between Van Ness avenue and Folsom
etreet ln San Francisco Bay. Arguments for
or against a change are requested ln writing.
B. M. MANSFIELD. Colonel Corps of Kn-
glneera. President of Board.
DIVIDEND Notice— Dividend No. 85 (25 cents
per share) of the Httchlnson Sugar Planta-
tion Company will be payable at the office
of the company. No. 227 Market Bt., on and
after Tuesdaj". November 20, 1900. Transfer
books will close on Wednesday, November 14,
1900, at S o'clock p. m.
E. H. SHELDON, Secretary.
DIVIDEND NOTICES.
BARNERT-LAN'DERKER-Inthls city, No-
vember 7. . 1900, by the Rev. Dr. J. Nleto,
Monroe Barnert and Kay Idtnderker. .
GIBSON--<31LLISH1E— In this city, November
3, 1900, by the Rev. E. O. Mathena, D.D.,
, Walter Hendry Glbton and Annie Catherine
Glllispie, both of San Francisco. -- . .'
MICHAELISt-ECHOENHOLZ— In this city, No-
vember II. ' 1900, 'by the " Rev.- Dr. J. Nleto,
. Samuel Mlcbaells and Bella Schoenhols.
MARRIED.
UNITED UNDERTAKERS,
17 and 29 Fifth St.! Tel. South 167.
IUNERAL DIRECTOES AND EMBALKEB9.
Finest E<iu"-~nent at Moderate Rates." '
HENRY J.GALLAGHER CO.,
(.Successor to Flannagan & Gallagher)
DANIEL P. DONOVAN, Mgr.
FUNEHAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALMERS.
, tO Fifth St.. opposite Lincoln School.
." Telephone South 80. ¦• .- -
Tailor-Made Suits
. All-wool cheviot suits, well made in the prevailing
style, with satin-lined jacket, colors black and navy, at
$16.50 aguit
Ladies' suits in all-wool camels' hair finished material
with satinlined military jacket, correctly cut and nicely
made in castor and gray, at
$16.75 * 8uit
Any alterations required on tailor-made suits are made
without charge.
Opera Gloves
one-third off
During the opera season we will give yi off on 12 and 20
button lengths "first quality" undressed kid gloves, in
fancy shades:
12-button length suede, regular price $2.25; sale price
$1.50 a pair. ;.
20-button length suede, regular price $3.25; sale price
$2.17 a pair.
Something New
The " New Century Hair Retainer '.'is simple, easily
adjusted and durable; when once in placcit keeps the
neck free from loose hair and does not allow a stray lock
to escape or show, price
. 7-5 C >ch
Ladies' Hosiery
special values
Ladies' fancy striped pure silk stockings, in one of this
season's most desirable styles— a stocking Well worth
$2.00; sale price .: • :
-p 1.2 5 a pair
" Ladies' black cashmere wool stockings, with double
soles, toes and heels, a good durable hose, at
Just received, a special importation of ladies' . pure
silk hose," in lace effects; fancy designs, embroidered and
open work; also plain or ribbed solid colored hose to
match any costume. ¦
- ' Write for, our new illustrated catalogue,
J29 Kearny Street ' ••
ROOMS FOR HOCSEKEEPISO.
3 NICE large eunny completely furnished house-
keeping rooms; rent $16. Address box 222, Call.
CLASSIFIED advertisements an4 subscriptions
received at Call branch office, 2200 Fillmore st.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
Fubscnptions has been established at 109«
Valencia st. —
ROOMS TO LT3T— Furn. and I'nfarn.
A— BRUNSWICK House. 143 Sixth — Rooms 25c
to $1 per night; $1 25 to 15 per week, and light
housekeeping; open all night.The house will, of course, 'be crowded
to-night, for Melba sings Marguerite, but
remember In time that "The Flying
Dutchman" and Gadskl and all the won
derful glory of the greatest tone-painter
of the ages, will be yours to-morrow
night, and for the same price.
BLANCHE PARTINGTOX.
The chorused; "Hymn to ' Ptha," the
measured and. massive march, the hymn
ing priestess psalm in the. distance, were
given most beautifully, and the orchestra
was wonderful throughout. A most inter
esting feature is the work of thfe ballet,
the symbolic dances and mysterious evo
lutions of a large corps of* perfectly
trained danseuses. In fact we have every
thing that "they" have in Europe— stars,
staging chorus, orchestra, ballet, every
thing — let us enjoy while we may and be
grateful to the strange and wonderful
chance that has brought these things to
our distant door.
on the whole, rather conventionally con
ceived. The king is well sung by M.
Journet. and Miss Bauermelster was well
heard as the > priestess.
Last night two of the men occupying a
tent in Camp 5 were wakened by a slight
noise. Slipping out of their blankets they
tried to crawl noiselessly from the tent,
but unfortunately one of them struck. a
box, making considerable racket. A form
Was seen rushing from the rear of the
tent, and the disturbed occupants started
in pursuit. The pursued was fleet of foot
and would have made his escape had ho
not fallen over one of the tent ropes. Be
fore he could regain his feet the pursuers
were upon him. On being brought to the
light it was discovered that he> was
Charles Nelson, a colored recruit from
Camp 1. By this time all the upper por
tion of the casual camp had been dis
turbed, and the men were out of the
tents. On being informed of the cause of
the great amount of noise, and that at
last the thief had been captured, an im
promptu lynching party was organized. A
rope was quickly secured and thrown over
Kelson's neck. Fortunately a colored
trooper ran to Sergeant Henderson's
quarters and told him of Nelson's serious
predicament. Not stopping to dress, but
grabbing his revolver, the sergeant ran to
the scene, arriving Just in time. Only
when the sergeant threatened to shoo;
would the irate soldiers give ux> the negro.
He was finally released by the crowd and
escorted to the guardhouse and locked up.
A serious affair was averted last night
at the Presidio by the prompt action of
Sergeant Henderson, who Is In charge of
the casual camp. For some time _ past
many articles belonging to the re«ruits
have been stolen from the tents, and ev
ery effort to catch the thief proved fruit
less.
Charles Nelson Is Found
Stealing and Given
Short Trial.
SOLDIERS TRY
T0 LYNCH THIEF
he should say that "Aida" Is an old story
to him, but there was nothing lacking in
vim and verve in the work and the wou
derful sextet and ensemble in the thlr.1
scene were given with smashing effect.
Nordica was the "Aida" of the evening,
and at first a little disappointing. Her
voice seems to have sharpened since hor
last visit here a few years ago, and her
curiously unsuitable make-up — another in
the long list of Aida-in-her-variety with
which we are familiar here— rather added
to the feeling of disappointment. Italian
opera is not Nordlca's metier. Her great
work has b^en done in Wagnerian opera,
and that is where we shall ereet again the
great artist whose Iiiunnilde save so
much delight when last we heard her. But
as the evening progressed Nordlca's voice
freshened and sweetened, and In the Nile
scene her solo and duet with Radames
was exquisitely given and vociferously ap
plauded.
Mme. Louise Homer Is new to us. Aj»
Amneris last night she created a very fa
vorable Impression, being fair to look
upon, exceedingly graceful and with a
contralto voice of extraordinary compass
and smooth, fine, if rather cold, quality.
She Is an intellectual rather than emo
tional actress, and leaves the impression,
both as to acting and singing, that" slie
has not yet reached the height of her pos
sibiltles.
Much dramatic power has Imbart de la
Tour, Radames for the nonce, and a ro
bust tenor voice, not alwaye smoothly
managed nor always quite in«tune, but he
rises to a nne climax arid is a very suf
ficients Radames. Plancon has a -rare
voice, a vibrant, regnant voice, and a
magnificent presence, which 'showed to
fine advantage In the splendid ' robes' of
Ramfis. And how he does sing!
Amonasro is undertaken' by>M.i. Scottl,
and a noble barbarian he is.' He has a
good barytone, warm-blooded and of dra
matic timbre: but it is not very even in
production 1 and has a certain roughness of
fiber, which latter quality, however, seems
to suit the role. He has his moments'of
dramatic intensity, but, the Amonasro Is,
TWO ARTISTS WHO SANG AT THE
THIRD NIGHT OF THE GRAND
OPERA.
4~^*3 T was rather like a Tivoll au-
dience let loose last night at the
I Grand, Opera-house when it came
j to appreciation of the splendid
BfiL performance of "Aida" which Mr.
Grau gave us for the evening's
programme. Not that the au
dience was large, the ribuse being only
moderately filled — and oh me! -I fear for
the fate of any future season In j San
Francisco: But this is a Verdi constitu
ency. , For long years the old Italian
maestro has had the musical freedom 'of
the town, and everything he has written
goes, willy-nilly and without question.
And I mean nought of disrespect by this
to the grand old man of Italy, who ' has
linked the past and present of Italian
cpera in his own person, and written best
what he has last written."* But it Is suffi
cient that '.Verdi's name heads the pro
gramme to insure an inevitable enthusi
asm in San Francisco, no matter what
the opera.
For one thing Italian opera is a sort of
encore-made-easy affair, the high note the
cue, and one must be stupid indeed not
to be able to win some small, inexpensive
glory at least once in an evening by lead-
Ing the palm symphony. It is different
with "Wagner— most things are different
with Wagner— but the "rounded period "
is not in evidence and applause is a
finicking quantity with neither- high note
nor tonic to guide! Therefore the com
parative ease • of • applausto between last
evening and Tuesday evening with "Tann
hauser" for temptation is no sure, crite
rion of enjoyment, especially when the
vigor of the Damrosh curtain calls is re
membered, r
"We had Mancinelll on the stage, too,
at the end of the Nile'scene, by long odd*
the finest part of the performance. The
Italian conductor is a master of -his work,
handling the huge orchestra and chorus
with supreme skill and utmost ease. He
has rather an amusing air of mild wonder
at the enthusiasm of the populace — as If
Nordica's- 5olo-;.ir\ the Nile Scene Is VociferoMsRj
"AIDA" IS SPLENDIDLY RENDERED
BY THE GRAU OPERATIC STARS
MUCH MYSTERY
SHROUDS SPRING
VALLEY'S WORTH
Supervisors Wearily Search
for Figures and Facts .
From Its Agents.
Becord Augmented by Resolutions
Through Provisions of Which the
Board Hopes to Aid Itself
in Investigation.
The condition of the Pilarcltos plant also
eeemed to be surrounded by a maze of
doubt. Mr. Ames was unable to testify
as to the condition of the property or
what portions were now In use. Reed's
constant probing caused Ames to show
some temper, which l^d Brandrnstein to
supgeet an abandonment of the line of ex
amination until the engineering depart
ment of the company could be subpenaed.
Reed unwillingly complied. and Mr.
ForbeF, an engineer, was put under fire.
Forbes knew nothing about the PHarcitos
plant and Assistant Engineer B. II. Hen
derson was nought out of the crowd and
put on the stand.
Outsit'e of the facts that the old dam
wa5 of no use at this time, and that the
T.ater flowed from Pilaroitos through a
tunr.el and thence into a pipe line, he
knew nothing. As to the uses to which
the %3(f)fi"0 flume is being put he. was In
total lg;iorance.
Engineer Forbes was recalled and his
c-vider.t knowledge of the affairs of the
corporation, coupled with his evident in
clination to retain his knowledge within
hi? bosom, led to some debate among
members of the board as to the authority
10 direct Mr. Forbes, personally, instead
of the corporation, to furnish a complete
lnv«"rtory of the properties in u=e by the
company. The mattrr was disposed of by
requesting, not ordering, Mr. Forbes to
eupply th.s inventory.
Reed, Brandenstein and McCarthy took
up the matter of the Point Lobos Creek
property, purchased In the early days by
the Spring Valley Company, but which,
owing to the danger of contamination
from the graveyards in the vicinity, has
been abandoned for five years. Mr. Ames
testified that $20,000 was expended on this
propertv in Improvements Jufit prior to its
"abandonment." Mr. Kellogg, who repre
sents the corporation, didn't like the word
"abandon," and asserted that the prop
erty had not been abandoned in fact, but
vr&p only lying idle until such time as the
engineers could devise a plan to place it
in operation. Mr. Reed asked Kellogg if
he wi^h~d to so testify. Kellogg refrained
and asked that the board fonlinue the in
vestigation of the Point Lobos property
until the return of the engineers.
Ames mounted the stand with a written
statement of affairs, but after a minute's
reading- he gave way to D. J. Bassett ot
the Rlsdon iron Works, who was called
upon to give the cost of the Lake Merced
pumping plant. Bassett said the plant
cost tne Spring Valley Company J',5.200.
McCarthv had found a plant in the Mast
of but slightly smaller capacity which
could be purchased for $5200. Baesett went
into a recitation on "weight of metal,"
•'¦wearing properties"' and •"reliability" and
was soon dismissed. Ames t«ok his place
on the stand.
Keed came forward with another resolu
tion providing lor the appointment of an
cxpt-rt bookKeeper and an engineer to aid
the board In its investigation. Reed ad
mitted that Just at this tljie the experts
ini-re not necessary, but, he. said, he was
ol the opinion that it was Just as well
to provide Jor their appointment at this
time. Hotaling suggested that although
ell would neea a col tin in time he knew
of none that was providing for the same,
8no he suggested that the experts be
provided for when the time came. Mc-
Carthy came to Reed's support and de
t-I-ite Hotallng's protest the resolution
passed.
Reed also presented a resolution provid
ing for the .Board of Public Works secur
ing data on all water plants throughout
the United States which supply l.'JW.uOO
or more gallons a day. McCarthy sug
gested that both pump and gravity sys
tems be included, and as amended the
i evolution passed.
This ended the resolutions. By them
positions were prepared for filling '¦ and
more responsibility was laid on the shoul
dtrs of the Board of Works.
Braunhart iollowed Keed with a. resolu
tion providing lor action on the part of
the cierk to ascertain the assessed valua
tion of the real and personal property of
the Spring- Valley Water Company under
the asses-snienc levied on the nrst Mon
day in March, 1:WO, in the counties in
•which the property is situated. The reso
lution was adoptea.
Reed presented the Jirst resolution. It
provided for the presentation of a state
ment of the amount of money actually
expended by the company since com-
Diencing business in purcba&ing property;
«Jso the amount of money expended for
th& maintenance of its plant and the
amount expended in construction, the
items in each case applying to property
necessary to conduct the business. The
company was also asked to give the gross
receipts for each year since the organiza
tion of the corporation. This resolution
v.aj» ordered adopted by Mayor Phelan in
the absence of a protest.
Sitting as a committee of the whole
the Board of Supervisors continued their
investigation of the affairs of the Spring
Valley Water Company last evening for
ihe purpose of fixing water rates for the
ntxt fiscal year. Prior to continuing the
examination of Pelham W. Ames of the
wstcr company various members of the
board, led by Mr. Reed, augmented the
record with sundry resolutions, the pro
visions of which, it is believed, will aid
the board in reaching Its conclusion.
McKeown. who is under arrest for hav
ing- a band In the numerous thefts.- Tues
day ; night sent. for Gibson and McMahon
and told them where the cocaine was bur
led. r; He claimed that: the drug had been
given to a boy, to. sell, but fearing that
the f detectives were on his trail ¦ the boy
burlecl it In the vacant. lot.. Yesterday the
detectives visited >the spot and • unearthed
the drug. , To-day, warrants /will be issued
for the .arrest of two other men who as
sisted in getting away with a package o*
cocaine. . . , <•'¦
Detectives Tom.Gfbson and George Mc-
Mahon , yesterday recovered about $1500
worth of cocaine v - which was stolen from
Mack & Co., wholesale druggists, a short
time ago. It ; was unearthed in a ' vacant
lot near Fourteenth and Mission streets
Since the arrest of the two men who have
been systematically stealing from thu
firm the detectives have been anxiously
endeavoring to recover the stolen proD
erty. \ ; i '.-.-.¦ . : .. ¦
Stolen Cocaine Found.
Don't drink the first thing the bartender
offers.: Call for: Jesse Moore "AA"; whiskey
and insist on Retting: It.
The Tivoli's ¦ : grand opera season is
closing to a series of crowded houses, and
the enthusiasm of. the audience Is as pro
nounced as ever. ; Collamarlnl has made
Frank Daniels and his production of
Victor- Herbert's comic opera, "The
Ameer," has made a ten strike at the Co
lumbia Theater, and as a result the house
ha» been packed to the door pjj every per
formance, with seats at a premium. "There
will be regular Sunday night perform
ances of "The Ameer," and matinees will
be given on Saturdays. ' Daniels ag the
much troubled Iffe Kahn is ludicrously
funny and he Is , capably assisted by a
long list of comic opeta favorites. Alice
Nielsen and her -comic opera compnn <-
come next, presenting * The Singing Girl."
The Orpheum management will this
evening be obliged to take an ¦ eighty
point reef in Its sales. The Corinthian
Yacht Club Is to take possession of four
score seats in order that the sailor men
may pay the tr.bute to "William J. Hynes.
monologist." which they feel they owe
"Billy" Hynes, the genial one-time ama
teur of large dimensions, whose lusty
lungs and fund of humor were always
willing: victims to the promotion of the
gayety of Corinthian Jinks.
Other clubs equally favored by Hynes
have expressed their' Intention of giving
similar public returns of thanks, but the
Corinthians will be the first.
The eighty yachtsmen : have promised
John Morrlsey to behave until Iiynes ap
pears on the Ftage. Tney will be good
then, but have requested and secured per
mission to "tell Billy. 'Thank you.' " for
two minutes before he commences and for
one minute after, he finishes.
the Orpheum Theater To-
Night.
Yachtsmen "Will Till Eighty Seats at
COEINTHIANS ARE TO
HONOR "BILLY" HYNES
It. Is; amateur night at the Chutes" arid
Zoo this evening, and Hunt's dog circus
and the Congo family are - other attrac-
•The Alhambra Theater is doing a good
business with "A Young Wife" this week"
with Frank Tannehill, ' the | popular come
dian, and his good company. ,;* ?•¦.
Next week Hoyt's "A Stranger i In New
iork" will be given. ,,
; "His Absent Boy" Is the bill at the Al
cazar Theater for the week. The play is
run of comic situations and. the players
make the most of them. "The Railroad o'
Love" will be next week's offering.
The Royal Marine Band of Italy is de
lighting large audience* at" the California
Theater this week, and the organisation
is without doubt one;of \he strongest: of
the kind ever heard, here. The.- pro
grammes are changed at every perform
ance, and among the numbers to-night
y.-ill be the overture to "Cleopatra," by
Manclnelll. the fourth act'of "Rigoletto f>
and a grand selection from PetreHa's sel
dom-heard "lone." The Third ' Artillery'
Band, Ij. S. A., from the Prasidio. will at
tend In a body. ¦ ¦. -
* * »
The second act of "Travlata," sung by
Plo Faccl, Cesare Alessandroni and Sylvia
Puerarl, is one of the features of a very
interesting bill at Fischer's Concert House
this week. . -
• • • ¦••'•».¦»'¦'¦¦
another blgr triumph as "MIgnon," prov
ing that she is one of. the most versatile
and finished artists ever heard in this
city. "Mignon" will be repeateu to-night
» n ? at the Saturday matlnec-The-double
bill, "Cavallerla" and "Pagliacci," will be
given to-morrow night.. "Othello" is the
bill for Saturday night, and by special re
quest "Carmen" ¦will be sung on Sunday
nigrht. Salassa will be heard on ' Friday
Saturday and Sunday nights, he 'having
consented to sing in the operas announced
for those nlghta.
:- ;¦.;?'?,*¦ • f -,..•"
Chairman Mark yesterday directed -"W.
Denman, the board's attorney, to begin
mandamus proceedings to compel Super
intendent Webster to sign P. M. Wel
lln's demand as inspector of building
repairs. This action is the result of a
change of base on the part of City At
torney Lane and the Auditor's attorneys,
LJoya & Wood, who rendered a verbal
opinion last week that the signature of
the Superintendent -was not. necessary on
demands for schoolhouse repairs. After
further investigation Wells' *v attorneys
filed a written opinion, which is concurred
in by Lane, in which they say that after
a careful examination of the various pro
visions, of the code they are satisfied tha»
the Auditor cannot audit the demand of
P. M. Wellln without the signature of the
Superintendent of Schools. After quot
ing the provisions of the charter on the
subiect. the opinion concludes: '
¦ "Hence It would appear that a demand
upon the common school fund must b«
approved by the Board of Education and
authenticated by the signatures of the
president of the board and the Superin
tendent. The signature* of these officers
are essential to the val'ditv of every de
mand upon the school fund."
Court to" Settle School Repairs.
Hancock School . 317 IS
Irving Scott School 257 S7
Total :„.......... '....42.219 43
A vote of thanks was tendered by the
board to Director Mary W. Kincaid for
the care with which she has supervised
the installing of cooking classes in the
public schools.
Mrs. K. Turney was placed at the bot
tom'of the substitute list upon her wriv
ten request, as she does not desire to ac
cept her assigment to the Chinese Pri
mary School.
Mrs. Mary Morris was appointed to the
janitorship of the Sunnyslde School.
Ebenezfcr Knowltpn, whose dismissal
from the vice princlpalship of the Everett
School by the board was reversed t>y
State Superintendent Kirk, filed a formal
demand for his October salary. It was
denied. Knowlton now- expresses his in
tention to sue the board for reinstatement
and $10,000 damages. .
Horace Mann School * 225 99
Hearst School 352 66
Hamilton School 340 41
Denman School....... $372 38
Franklin School 352 «J
by .Superintendent "Webster and his depu
ties in order that they may arrive at an
intelligent conception of what is being
done in a scholastic way by the pupils.
There will consequently be two sets' of
credits, one of which will be on file in the
board's office and the other in the office
of the Superintendent. ¦
Rules for Promotion.
The board met yesterday and adopted a
plan for the promotion of the advanced
eighth grades to the High School. The
principal rules provide that pupils of this
grade who have made an average of 70
per cent for the current term shall be
eligible to enter the examination for pro
motion to the. High School. For promo
tion an average of 70 per cent shall be re
quired, which shall be found by averag
ing the term's standing with that ob
tained in the examination.
Superintendent Webster objected to pro
moting pupils on their average standing
in all subjects. He took the ground that
pupils should.be required to make a stipu
lated average in each subject. The board,
however, believes that a pupil who fails
in one subject, for example in * arith
metic, and passes In all the others is de
serving of promotion.
"I protest against these rules for pro
motion," said . Webster, "because they
fall to specify some minimum percentage
necessary to secure promotion in indi
vidual subjects. I would fix that miml
mum at 60 per cent, because under your
rules a pupil could get zero in arithmetic,
for* Instance, and yet his percentage in
the other studies would bring his rating
up to the average of 70 per cent required
by the board. I do not believe this plan
will result in good work or good school
ing."
The other rules of promotion are:
The examination for girls will be held In
the Girls' High School and for boys . in the
Lowell High School and shall be conducted by
the principals of said high schools. Papers
shall be kept on file under the direct care or
the principals of the said high schools for a
period of six 1 months.
All teachers of the advanced eighth grade
In schools the names of which begin with the
letters of the alphabet, from A to H Inclusive,
shall report at the Girls' High School on the
morning of the examination and shall assist
the teachers of said high schools in correcting
the examination papers.
All teachers of the advanced eighth grade
in schools the names of which begin with the
letters of the alphabet from I to Z. both In
clusive, shall report at the Lowell High School
on the morning of the examinations and shall
assist the teachers of said schools in correct
ing the examination papers. ' .
The order of examinations shall be as fol
lows, five studies, 100 credits each: Monday,
December 17,' 1900, 9 a. m., arithmetic; Tues
day, December IS, 1900, 9 a. m., language.- In
cluding literature and grammar; Wednesday,
December 19, 1900, 9 a. m., geography, through
eurasla and spelling; Thursday, December 20.
1900, 9 a. m., history (through topic 43), in
cluding civil government.
Alt advanced eighth grades not promoted to
the high schools become a part of the eighth
grade and shall be eligible for promotion at
the close of the school year with the other
eighth grades.
The average standing of pupils must be pre
pared and certified to by Principals Morton and
Brooks In triplicate, one copy to be filed witd
the secretary of the Board of Education, an
other to be sent to the principal of each school
represented in the examination and the third
to be kept on file In the office of the high
school principal conducting the examination.
These reports must be ready to be delivered
Friday, December 21, 1900, 12 m.. at which time
the Janitor of each school represented shall
call for the required list, so that : principals
of said schools may notify advanced eighth
grade pupils of promotion or non-promotion
and make proper classification of their schools
before 3 p. m. Friday, December 21.
In all grades except the advanced eighth
grade for the term ending December 21. 1900,
principals, after consultation with the class
teachers, shall promote pupils to the next sec
tion of the same grade or the next grade.
Cost of Cooking Schools.
Director Kincaid submitted a state
ment of the cost of fitting- up cooking
schools as follows:
Report on the Cost of Cooking Schools
in the Departments— Court to
Settle Dispute Over*
Repairs.
As a result of a clash between the
Board of Education and Super
intendent of Schools Webster . the
scholars in the public schools
will be compelled to submit to two
examinations during the present term.
While one of these is to be held under the
auspices of the board and will count for
promotions^; the other will be conducted
School Board and Superin
tendent Clash Over Rules
for Promotion.
SCHOLARS MUST
SUBMIT TO TWO
EXAMINATIONS
THE SAN FB ANCISCO CALL, • THURSDAY, NOVEMBER 15, 19OO.
• i • ?
14
the spirit of progress is throughout the Hale house you see
it in every visit— feel it in every transaction— and as the ; great
business expands so does the desire increase to add to your com-
fort and profit in making this your shopping home, day by day
the careful planning for your interest goes on — the effort grows toi
give you better service :.nd better goods for less money.
' as fast as this m:l mery display loses one
beam of brilliance it is replaced by another
still more beautiful.
the high cost imported hats which we are showing this sea-
son in larger variety than ever attract those who can afford to pay
for such luxuries, but the greater number of friendships this depart-
ment is making is based on the magnificent lines of trimmed hats
at prices between 93.OO and 8 1 5.OO.
j .^- head-dresses for :
hat?, if there is a raPra&l^ ?ite c " n ' ur; "'-r> or
.single one of this 0S^^^^^ nialine and cold
season's styles vdvc"'^ °* D3nne
collection it's be >^^^^3^^^^^| range all the way
cause we passed it 7?S5F*rt2!^EI1i*^t/S from $1.OO to
open Saturday nights until Christmas in defer-
ence to wishes of many patrons who find
it impossible to shop during the day.
the grand diva of the Grau
Opera Company,, has person-
ally written the manufacturers
<ri the Stein way Piano as
follows:
MESSRS. STEIWVAY t EONS.
Gentlemen: . I have known your
pianox from mr childhood and have
us*d th»-m -»»-here\-er obtainable in
ray artistic ctrwr. It srives roe
pleasure to say that I prefer them
to ali other* for their ni4rvel»u*
qualities of lone and tovii-li. and I
am UtHrht^d t» a.!-l m\- n.iniF to
the honored roll of artists, both
vuoal and instrumental, v.ho have
fstlhed to th^lr superlative merit?.
I am, you™ faithfully. *"•'•--.
XEIjLIE M2LDA.
Madam Melba will sing
to-ni£ht in '* Faust »! and
at next Saturday's mati-
nee in "Lucia"; next week
on Monday night in "La
Boheme," on Wednesday
night in •' Romeo et Ju-
liette,*" and on Saturday
night in " Faust."
Visit the Stcinwav sales-
rooms of Sherman, Gay &
Co.. who are the Pacific Coast
dealers. Stcinways are sold on
easy payments when desired.
Sherman, Clay & Co.
6teinway Piano Dealers,
Cor. Kearny and Sutter Bti.. 8. F.
Cor. Uth and Broadway. Oakland.
Cor. Park * Washington. Portland.
• 711 Second avenue. Seattle.
Dr. Wm.VBotsford, 1170 Market st. notl-
J ] fies his patients that he has return^ 1>
ADVEBTISEMEITTS.
I 500 Pairs ||
Of LADIES' BOX CALF. SHOES will \
lia sold Friday and Saturday at /
These shoes »r» otyllsh. - servloeabja
and waterproof. Have new opera., coin
or bulldoc toe, Dongola topa, and are
In all alzes and widths.
Coma and gsi a pair while they last
1OO PAIRS Rflr
Of LADIES' TIES at WW
Worth |3 60 a pair.
MEN'S RUBBERS., qhj^
All sizes. OUv
STANDARD SHOE CO.,
1029 Market St.
Between Sixth and, Seventh.
MIHRAN'S BIG COLLECTION
NOW OUT OF THE CUSTOM-HOUSE.
BALE BT BALE. "WILL BE OPENED DURING
* the sale,
-OVER-
— LOT OF—
Antique .Embroideries,
Moorish Cfurtains, Covers,
Venetian and Egyptian Art Pirrniturs.
At Auction.
, ABSOLUTELY WITHOUT RESERVE.
TO-DAY,'Nov. 15
'•'^AT; ; 2 F». IV\.
STORB SOON TO BE, VACATED.
USB
1212-1214 MARKET ST.,
Bet. Taylor and' Jor es. -
BRANCH STORE... 106 SIXTH ST.
SPECIAL SAlYoF WOMEN'S
UNDERSKIRTS,
MOREEN
SKIRTS.
65c
Mercerized Sateen Skirts— $1,00
Accordion plaited ¦ ruffle: • all |
lined — regular Drlce I1.5O— . I
SPECIAL. .TO-DAY............... ' ",, :
BKIRTS, made of -best, quality *
Bilk ' moreen—the ' kind you • pay a j^ r n
60o a yard 'for— made, up In the\rl JJ||
newest effects ; come In all the* <
fashionable shades — regular ' J
price $5— SPECIAL. TO-DAY... **
H2n1-Cr6cheted;Worsted Skirts—
Made^ of 1 the " best quality a A C
worsted, tightly crocheted; all: Q| if J
colors — sold all over at J2 — I
OUR- PRICE ;.TO- .DAY... :...... |" "
,-\ We also place on sale to-day a line of
hand crocheted children's worsted skirts—
SPECIAL. PRICES: 60c, 65c. 75c and Jl—
prices are according to length. ; ¦¦>. •
Women'sTVicuiia Flannelette Wrappers
AValsts "• lined; ' > bretelles. * collar •
'and - cuffs trimmed -with braid : ft fl »
skirt nouncfril or plain. Theap UXP
•wrarP^ra are sold nil over at ¦JUlJ
$1 CO-TO-DAY OUR: PRICE IS.. www
To-day's Great Offer!
36 CHILDREN'S $|||k
AUTOMOBILE 'WsrS
JACKETS. n same as/ J^TM.:
picture; sizes 2 to 8 — JSsBirafcn*
worth$5-ON; SALE|g|™i
Country orders receive careful attention.
Hale'B.
the china store on the ihird floor —
torn and ierrv punch sets — very prettily decorated — each.92.Oo
blue /mushbowls — medium size —^ach, only ..3c
nine-inch white plates with fancy edges — almost the same as
'. china— per dozen, only.... ,. 91«Oo
jardinieres in assorted colors — 8 inch size— each, only 60c
good old Dr. Kindheart is again at Hole's- bring the sick dollies to him
he will mend them free and hare a pleasant word for you.
writing table ''f^Si, dt/ . simply dell-
commodatlon Jsi \^^3pOD OOOOS^^^^^ 8el1 a * 33c a
in ladles' pax- ¦ ¦ —"^ pound — abso-
l° r - Market street, near Sixth, opposite lutely pure.
Golden Gate avenue.
for those w e
thought better!
the accompanying
illustration p i c-
tures the latest ar-
rival, the price is
.......... ..?2.7S
93.50
noticed the beau-
tiful new stvle hair-
dress at the opera
—the Marcel? ask
our hairdressins:
department about
it
~i ™"_^*»> if^^^K €S5i fe
H\ v^*t *^T^, *
SPECIAL SALE!
Thursday-Frlday-Satnrday.
We Guarantee Bvcry Article as
Being of the Highest
Quality.
Sardines (boneless) large tln.20c
D. & G. brand of Imported
French sardines.
Regularly - 30c
Creamery Butter, 8^,-750
Sweet Wines, bot 25c
Gallon, $1.00
Port. Sherry. Angelica and Muscat;
choico California Wines.
Regularly 40c and $1 50.
French Castile Soap, bar 25c
Vlrrin brand. Regularly 30c
Blackberry Brandy, bot. 50c
Absolutely th« best Tain*
in the market.
Regularly 76c
Parlor Matches, 4 pigs. .25c
Ideal brand, the most satisfactory
match made. Regularly 3 for 23a
Sweet Cider, gallon. . .50c
A new shipment of pur* appla
elder; very delicious.
Cigars, Key West—
Perla*do Santiago, each............i... ge
Box ot 50 92.23
A clear Havana cigar
at a very moderate pries.
Country Orders. Solicited— Catalogna Frro.
39 STOCKTON ST., neap Market.
(Old Number 21 Stockton SO
TELEPHONE MAIN ES3X
CASH OB LITTLX AT A TI3CS. I
Our large variety of metal f
beds include brass beds and I
iron beds in white, blue end I
* green enamels, in three- I
quarters, single and double |
.,'.- sizes. I
THE J. NOONAN {
FURNITURE COMPANY. Inc., /
1017-1023 MISSION STREET I
Pbooe South 14. Above 6th, San Francisco. \
a i i h km pa ri a f fiJq
|^B ¦ Writ UuHJ C-3 MCuB <SM m Wt^BmM
m £ Em Eh Eaa ~fm jL*~ym
iLlttJiiSiflJatJJBfl
DR.MCNULTY. "
rpn 19 WELL-KNOWN ANDRKLIABLE OLD
I Speclailstewrej Blood Poison, UonorrhcemGleet,
Ktricinn'. Weakness. Impotence and their
itlliml Disorders, ltootc on Diseases of Men. fre«.
Ov<^-MTpar»>sper'etice.T»»rm^ reasonable. Hour*.
BtoSdally ;8::»to8.30»v > (t*. Sunday*. 10 to J2. Conmil-
tatlon free and sacredly confidential. Call oraddna
P. RO8COE aieXITLTY. 31. D.
26 V, Kearny St.. San Francisco, C£L
Hala'iL