Loving Relatives Watch Devotedly by the
Bedside of the Dying Statesman as His
Brilliant Career Slowly Draws to a Close.
SENATOR DAVIS PASSES
TO ETERNAL REST AFTER
TWO MONTHS' SUFFERING
JAMES TAYLOR ROGERS
IS PAYING A TERRIBLE
PENALTY FOR HIS CRIME
Locked in' the Ice and Snow Eighty Miles
Above Cape Nome and Searching for
Gold and Another Start in Life.
VOLUME LXXXVIII-NO. 181.
SAN FRANCISCO, WEDNESDAY, NOVEMBER 28, 1900.
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
ST. PAUL. Minn.. Nov. 27.-Senator
Cushman Kellogg Davis, chair
man of the Committee on Foreign
Relations of the Senate, died at
his home In this city to-night at
8:40 o'clock. He had suffered greatly dur
ing two months of sickness and gradually
sank away, being unconscious for several
hours before death, and, so far as could
be known, suffered no pain. Yesterday,
appreciating tfce approach of the end. Mrs.
Davis sent for Venerable T. H. M. Vll-
Hers Appleby, archdeacon of the Protest
ant Episcopal dlrcese" of Minnesota, and
Rev. Theodore Scdgrsrlck.^rector of the
Church of St. John the Evangelist. An
attempt had been made to ?ecure the at
tendance of Bishop Whipple. but the
Bishop was in Florida. Senator Davis was
for a time sufficiently rational to express
his grateful appreciation of the clergy
men's ministrations.
The kidney affection which developed
during his early Illness refused to yield
to treatment and resulted In death.
Grouped about the deathbed were Sen
ator Davis* immediate family, his devoted
wife, his aged father. Major H. H. Davis,
and his two sisters. Mrs. Morford and
Mrs. Bartlett Tripp. His law partner. C.
A. Verance. and his wife were also pres
ent, as well as the doctors and nurses. The
family had fceen prepared for the- end
since the frrst sinking spell, which oc
curred last Friday night, and all have
been where they could be summoned at a
moment's notice. The Senator had been
in a comatose state during the day. Death
came almost imperceptibly and the closing
scene was marked with but little Incident.
His last conscious utterance was the ex
pression of a wish to live; not for the sake
of life itself, but because he believed his
country needed him. His -words were;
"Oh, that I might live five years more for
my country's sake."
Cushman Kellogg Davis was born In
Henderson, Jefferson County, N. Y., June
16, 1S38. In that year his parents moved
to Waukesha. Wis., where his father
farmed until 1850. After attending the
common schools young Davis spent three
years in Carroll College, at Waukesha,
preparing himself for the University of
Michigan, ¦ from which he- graduated. In
1S57. During his boyhood he held for some
time a position as telegraph operator in
¦what Is now a suburb of Milwaukee. Af
ter his graduation he entered the law of
fice of Alexander Randall. ¦ afterward war
Governor of Wisconsin. In I860 Mr. Davis
began the practice of law and also took
an active part in the campaign resulting
In the election of Lincoln. Two years
later, war having contffe, he closed his law
office to enlist in the volunteer army. He
served for two years In. the army of the
Tennessee In Kentucky, Tennessee, Ar
kansas and Mississippi, part of the time
on staff duty. When In 1S64 broken health
compelled his retirement he was first
lieutenant of Company B, Twenty-eighth
Wisconsin "Volunteer Infantry.
Going to St. Paul he formed a law part
nership with his army chief, General W.
A. Gorman, ex-Governor of Minnesota
Territory. In 1868 he was elected to the
State Legislature and two years later was
appointed United States District Attor
ney, serving five years In that position. In
1873. by a. majority of one vote, he was
nominated by the Republicans for Gov
ernor and elected by a majority of 5496.
Senator Davis has been twice married.
His first wife was Miss Laura Bowman,
and afteV she had secured a divorce from
him be married in 15S0 Miss Anna Mal
colm Agnew.
At . the beginning of his second term
Senator Davis was placed on the commit*
teo on Foreign Relations, and when Sen
ator Sherman was transferred to the Cab.
lnet of President McKlnley Senator Davis
was placed at the head of that Important
committee.
In 1S95-96 many friends of the Senator
pressed his name for the Presidential
nomination, but before the State conven
tion to. name delegates met he withdrew,
and McKinley delegates were sent from
Minnesota. During the past four years
Senator Davis' position as chairman of tha
Foreign Relations Committee of the Sen
ate, and Jater one of the Paris Peace Com
missioners, have kept him prominently be
fore the public of all nations. He was re
elected without opposition in 1S99 for nia
third term.
In 1S93 the Republican legislative caucus
voted In favor of the re-election of Sen
ator Davis, but before th« Legislature
voted on the Senatorship various Influ
ences intervened and he was finally elect
ed by a majority of one, although the Re
publicans had seventeen on Joint ballot.
As a student and an authority on inter
national law Senator Davis furnished
briefs to President Harrison and Secretary
of State Blaine on the Chilean dispute and
the Bering Sea controversy.
Mr. Davis' first chairmanship of th«
Senate was of the Committee on Pensions,
which he held throughout his first term.
He was the author of tne pension law of
1S90, which terminated the demands for
excessive pension legislation and also sat
isfied the old soldiers. As a member of
the Committee on Territories Senator Da
vis led the fight for the admission of tha
Dakotas to Statehood, making his first
speech In the Senate on that subject.
'During 1SSS many of the State news
papers advocated his election as United
States Senator, and when the Legislature
of 1SS7 met Senator McMillan withdrew as
a candidate for re-election and Mr. Davis
received every vote.
Governor Davis declined a renominatlon
and resumed the practice of law. His •ac
cessor. Governor Plllsbury, retained him
to argue in the United States Supreme
Court the case of the State of Wisconsin
against the city of Duluth and the State
of Minnesota to restrain the opening of
the present ship canal, through which all
the commerce of that port now passes.
Mr. Davis won the suit for Minnesota.
He continued In the practice of law until
1SS7, also giving considerable attention to
politics. In 1SS4 he headed the Elaine dele
gation to Chicago, where he made one of
the nominating speeches for that candi
date. - .-v
The campaign Issue was then new, being
whether the State could control the
charges of railroads. Governor Davis as
serted this right and such legislation was
enacted and enforced during his term of
office. During a protracted Senatorial
contest at that session Governor Davis
was one of the candidates, but Chief Jus
tice McMillan was finally elected. It was
at this time that the great grasshopper
plague devastated Southwestern Minne
sota, and Governor Davis raised over n<*>.
000 In money besides supplies for the vic
tims of the plague.
THE LATE SENATOR CUSHMAN KELLOGG DAVIS. CHAIRMAN OF
THE COMMITTEE ON FOREIGN RELATIONS. WHO DIED YES
TERDAY AFTER TWO MONTHS OF SUFFERING.
John Taylor (colored), porter, ankle
sprained.
The accident occurred at a point where
extensive fill-ins have been made, and it
Is supposed the high water had washed
the fill f from, under the track and let the
entire train of engine and five cars Into
the Ohio River. " •¦*
The officials say no passengers were
hurt. The excitement was indescribable.
The passengers" were compelled to make
their way out ; from under the cars by
breaking the windows and climbing to the
bank.. The 'express messenger Is supposed
to, nave 'been imprisoned by baggage and
drowned. .- \ . * . ¦ . .
At 3 a.' m. one body had been taken from
PITTSBURG. Pa.. Nov. 23.— At 1:15 this
morning the night express for Cleveland
on the Cleveland and Pittsburg was
thrown In the river two miles below
Beaver. The scanty Information at hand
shows one man drowned and four others
badly hurt. The dead: ; ''-'¦'.' y : \
• Drowned— Casey, Adams Express mes
senger, lived at Cleveland.
Injured — Frank Connelly, .conductor,
Cleveland, badly bruised.
L. Couchanour, engineer, Cleveland,
right foot cut off. ' /
J. A. Allen, Pittsburg, baggage master,
several bones broken;
/ ¦ • ¦ • - ¦ ¦ ¦ .. ¦•«••¦ -
,; It is thought many passengers are In
the wreck, which lies under ten feet of
water. Ten passengers swam out and
T*ere taken to Conway with the dead and
Injured. The heavy rains were responsible
for the wreck. The bank gave way while
the train was running thirty miles an
hour. The meager details from the wreck
indicate : that many are yet unaccounted
for. ':¦ :;.-;:,- v -V: ' '¦- \- '
the wreck, that of Express Messenger
Adam Casey of Cleveland. Engineer
Couchanour of Cleveland had .both legs
cut off and will' die. Baggage Master
James Allen of Pittsburg had his skull
crushed. r
Messenger Casey Drowned and Other Trainmen Are Badly Injured.
Some Passengers Escape and Others Caught Under Wreck.
CLEVELAND AND PITTSBURG FLYER
PLUNGES INTO THE OHIO RIVER
THIBD INFANTRY IS
AMBUSHED BY LADRONES
MANILA, Nov. , 28.---A detachment of
the Third United States Infantry was am
bushed Sunday near Malolos. Ladrones
struggle for Independence, liberty and
justice. Continuing. Mr. Kruger said:
"Ah, why cannot they hear your accla
mations? It would redouble their cour
age." .
The Boer leader was then shown
through the superbly decorated halls of
the Hotel Je Ville." Once he appeared at a
window and was enthusiastically cheered.
As he drove back to his hotel he was ac
corded a warm greeting on the road.
The President of the Municipal Council,
to-morrow, will' propose in the Counci: a
vote in favor of arbitrating the Trans
vaal disputes. .
Henri Rochefort, accompanied by a
deputation ..Including Deputies Mtllevoye
and Paquelin Marey, Senator Provost De
launay and MM. Coppee and Lemaitre, to
day presented Mr. Kruger with a sword
of honcr destined. fpr General Cronje, now
a prisoner on the island of St. Helena.
M. Rochefort in handing the sword to
Mr. Kruger spoke of the heroism of the
Boers and expressed the hope tha't "the
syndicate of thrones" will some day, be
overthrown by "a syndicate of the peo
ple."
During the day a thousand students
formed in line, preceded by a banner, the
whole headed by a band. They carried
the French and Boer colors, and the stu
dents presented to Mr. Kruger -a neat ad
dress. They were loudly cheered on their
way to the Hotel Scribe. There President
Kruger appeared on the balcony and sa
luted them.
This evening Mr. Kruger and Secretary
Leyds drove to the Foreign Office, where
they were received by the Minister of
Foreign Affairs, M. Delcasse, with whom
they had an interview lasting three quar
ters of an hour. On their departure M.
Delcasse conducted Mr. Kruger from the
staircase.
A delegation of four students entered
the hotel and presented a bouquet to Mr.
Kruger, who, accompanied by them, ap
peared on the balcony, arduslng great en
thusiasm among the students, who now
numbered 2000. A considerable body of
students stood below the - window from
which the coin had been thrown singing
anti-English songs. ' No disturbances,
however, occurred.
PARIS. Nov. 27.— Mr. Kruger began a
busy daj> by making an official call. Be
fore 9 a. m. he departed from the Hotel
Scribe, driving In a landau, surrounded
by Republican Guards and by cycle police
men, to visit the Premier, M. Waldeck-
Rousseau. He was accompanied by Dr..
L<«yds, A>r. Van Hammel and* Delegate
Fischer. The party was met at the en
trance of the Premier's salon- by M.
Ulrich, Director of the Cabinet, who
Introduced the visitors to the Prime
Minister. The interview took place In 1L
"Waldeck-Routseau'B private study and
lasted ten minutes. At half past 9 o'clock
the Premier, accompanied by M. Ulrich,
returned the call.
The officers of the Municipal Council of
Paris, and of the General Council -of the
Seine were received at 10 a. m. by Mr.
Krurer In the Hotel Scribe. The inter
view was private and brief. Immediately
after the visitors had departed Mr. Kru
ger drove to the Hotel del Ville. He re
ceived an ovation from a large crowd
massed in the square in front of the edi
fice. Mr. Kruger was conducted to the
debating hall, where he was given the
arm-chair reserved for representatives of
goveraments. The Municipal Councilors
and people in the galleries loudly cheered
th* distinguished visitor. Vice President
Kscudler delivered an eloquent address.
saying Paris had given Mr. Kruger a wel
come worthy of his noble character and
The grandeur of his cause. He also said:
"You have heard the heart of Paris
l>eat. It Is the heart of France. Let the
I *-ople ppeak and speak loudly, and arbi
tration will impose itself, as necessary
satisfaction to Justice and civilization."
The President cf the General Council
spoke, in a similar strain.
Mr. Kruger replied in energetic tones,
thanking the speakers far the sentiments
? xpresped. He said he was deeply grateful
for the welcome, which was a continu
ation of and a crowning of what France
»ad already given him. Since he landed,
the former President added, he had been
en a rising wave cf acclamation. He was
v *-ry thankful for what had been done and
• cr what they wished to do for him and
Us people, who were still struggling and
were not yet defeated. They will ever
FRENCH STATESMEN OFFICIALLY
RECEIVE PRESIDENT PAUL KRUGER
Ci'Is Paid by the Visitor Are Promptly Returned— Students
Much in Evidence During Street Demonstration?.
EX-MINISTER CHARLES DEN
BY, WHO IS MENTIONED
AS CONGER'S SUCCESSOR.
CALL BUREAU. WELLINGTON
HOTEL. WASHINGTON. Nov.
27.— A modification of the demands
upon China, formulated by the
Ministers in Peking, seems as
sured as a result of the representations
made . to the powers by Secretary Hay.
Great Britain, Russia, France and Japan
have made known to the United States
their desire to adopt only such demands
as China- may be able to meet. Ger
many's proposal to make the execution of
eleven Princes and officials a condition
precedent to further negotiations has no
support and that country Is practically
isolated in her Inclination toward a
vengeance policy. Instructions have been
cabled to Minister Conger to confer with
his colleagues for the purpose of securing
a modification of the demands, especially
those relating to punishment and Indem
nity. It Is the expectation of the admin
istratlon that similar instructions will be
sent by at least four other powers to
their representatives in Peking.
The entire Chinese question was dis
cussed at the Cabinet meeting to-day and
new instructions to Mr. Conger were the
immediate result. The general opinion
of Cabinet members was that the decree
Germany's Policy of Vengeance in China Not Backed by
• Leading Powers, Who Uphold America's Stand.
It is understood that the powers are
now discussing the question of demanding
the execution of Prince Tuan alone and
the degradation of other Boxer leaders
and sympathizers. In view of these lat
est developments there is a feeling in of
ficial circles that after all China may
emerge from her present dangerous situa
tion without*" suffering the loss of terri
tory. It was feared that because of the
Anglo-German agreement Great Britain
would support • Germany's vengeance
policy. The fact that Japan had In
dorsed the agreement Beemed to make it
certain that the three powers would pur
sue an Identical, course and make a set
tlement of the Chinese trouble without
further loss of territory impossible. Japan,
however, has taken a stanfl with the
powers anxious for prompt settlement.
Lord Salisbury also threw* the weight of
his influence on the side of early peace,
leaving Germany alone as the advocate
of a policy which would have the one re
sult of renewing strife between China and
the powers.
issued by the Emperor on November 13,
imprisoning Prince Tuan for life and pun
ishing and degrading other princes and of
ficials, was sufficiently severe.
MODIFICATION OF DEMANDS
MADE BY MINISTERS ASSURED
THANKSGIVING RELATIONS WITH TURKEY.
upon the vultures who fed upon the dead.
James Taylor Rogers was brought be
fore the bar of the Grand Jury. He re
fused to tell what he knew on the ground
that he would incriminate himself. He
was sent to the County Jail for five days
for contempt and was ordered to pay a
fine of 5500. He served his Imprisonment,
and the city has placed an attachment
upon his home as security for the pay
ment of his fine. His offense had ruined
him. . '
He sold his law library and gave up
his law offices in this city. He disap
peared, and .no one who knew would tell
where he had gone. He had decided to
begin his life again, to leave San Fran
cisco and strive once more in a place
where he was not known. He started for
Cape Nome, from whence one of the
probate sharks had come to a cell In the
County Jail; tut >'oinei«r«? not Inviting.
James Taylor* Rogers determined to go
still farther on Into the frozen north. His
son gave him provisions, and nearly two
months ago he landed at the desolate spot
known as Port Clarence. This is eighty
miles above Cape Nome, and is now the
objective point of a few adventurers who
believe that it will become a field of gold'.
It is now absolutely Inaccessible. People
car, neither go in nor go out. The ice a*nd
snow form an absolute barrier. In this
desojate place, in the midst of suffering
and privation, James Taylor Rogers has
located. He must stay there for months,
and perhaps will choose to remain there
for years. He has no plans, but Is de
pending upon the fortune of the miner.
He hopes to take from the ground the
wealth which means existence. It is his
wray of beginning life over again, after
the commission of a fatal mistake.
FAR up In the Arctic circle, locked
In a place of desolation and priva
tion by the terrible barriers of ice
and snow which winter has erect
ed, is an old man who is paying a
terrible penalty for his offense against the
¦lead. He has ostracised himself from
those who knew him. He has given up
the occupation in which he won his name,
hi* fortune and the esteem of his fellows.
With his hair whitened by age, his figure
stooped and his life race well on toward
Its end. he is beginning life all over again
In a land where he is not known and
where dlsgTace for actions of evil has no
power to stingr-
He is Jaraes Taylor Rogers, the aged at
torney, who attempted in this city to
make proflt out of the estate of a dead
man. The people of San Francisco are
rot likely to forget the expose which The
CalJ made of the terrible conspiracy which
a ring of scheming lawyers formed to
steal the estate of a dead man. The Call
exposed this crime, prevented the theft of
tn estate end the prostitution of the Pro
bate Court and supplied the Information
which led to the arrest and conviction of
one man. the incarceration of another and
the ostracism of a third.
Until this expose was made James Tay
lor Rogers had occupied a position of
honor in San Francisco. He was looked !
upon as a reputable attorney. He took j
active interest !n movements which were I
above the concern of ordinary attorneys.
He lectured before ethical and charitable
societies. He had once been acting Mayor I
of Ean Francisco. And then came the !
crash in which his reputation and his fu- 1
ture were wrecked. He had been caught '
making profit out of the property of the !
dead. He had made his money by preying i
JAMES TAYLOR ROGERS, THE DISGRACED ATTORNEY, WHO HAS
GONE INTO THE FROZEN NORTH, EIGHTY MILES BEYOND
CAPE NOME. TO SEARCH FOR GOLD.
CONSTANTINOPLE. Nov. 27.-The re
lations between the United States Govern
ment and the Sublime Porte are becom
ing acute. Mr. Grlscom, the American
Charge d' Affaires, .went to/the Tildiz Pal
ace Sunday and had an interview with
Tewflk Pasha, Minister of Foreign Af
fairs, and Tahaln Bey, first secretary at
While the Porte outwardly persists in
the. attitude it has assumed regarding the
question of granting an exequatur to the
United States Consul at Harpoot. there
is reason to believe the dispatch of th.j
battleship Kentucky to Smyrna has mad<j
a marked Impression In official circles. ' ,
the palace. The interview, however, wai
barren of result.
RELATIONS BETWEEN AMERICA
AND TURKEY BECOMING ACUTE
Dispatch of the. Battleship Kentucky to Smyrna Makes a
¦•*?; Marked Impression on the Sultan's Officials.
fired a volley at the Americans, killing
two' privates of Company F and wound-
ingthree. The Insurgents escaped into a
- . 7 -'
swamp.
Numerous Insurgent bands have been
dispersed and considerable stores destroy
ed in the province of Bulucan by General
Grant's .mounted scouts
General Bates _ reports the capture of
thirty-three Insurgents,' six of,whom mur
dered seven persons last spring.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL.Stops the Cough
Asfl work* off the Cold. Laxative Bromo-
Qmslzi* Tablets cure a cold in one <lar. No
Ci-re. 5f o Pajr. Price 25 ccut*. ' . •' * '
Short in His Accounts.
ATLANTA, Ga., Nov. 27.— A special to
the Journal from Portsmouth, Va., says:
Vice President E. St. John of the Sea
board Air Line stated that E. D. Lucken
bill, former agent of the Seaboard Air
Line at Fernandina, Fla., was short in his
accounts $50,000.
Mrs. Selhy Gains Her Divorce.
NEW YORK., Nov. 27.-Justlce Leaven
tritt to-day confirmed the report of the
referee granting a divorce to Mrs. Julia
Selby from Norman Selhy (Kid McCoy).
The divorce was granted • on statutory
grounds. \ • ¦ , ,
NTTRO-GLYCEBIN KILLS
THKEE. BOYS AND A BABY
Had Built a Bonfire of Driftwood, in
One Piece of Which Was the
Explosive.
WHEELING. W. VaV. NoV.27.--At Lea-
Rerville, . W. Va., twenty miles ' above
Wheeling, on the Ohio River, a crowd of
twenty boys had built a rflre on the river
bank from driftwood and. were watchine
the rising waters. In a lot of. driftwood
one of the boys threw. on the i fire was a
can partially filled with nitro-glycerin
Immediately there was a terrific explosion
and three boys and a baby were killed and
fourteen boys wounded, of whom two may
die. The dead: ' '¦
HARMON FINLEY, aged 13.
WILLIE DAVIS, aged »
ROBERT FINLEY. aged 18.
Infant child of Mrs. Durig.
Will Nagle and Will Blackburn may die
WOODLAND. Nov.-27.— Charles Brownin*. a
son- of K. - \V. - Browning, ? was kicked over the
left luns by; a vicious mule this morning and
for;nearly an hour wasiunconscloug.' Consid
erable hemorrhage followed, but his-physlelan
believes he will recover. • . s .
IRRIGATION CONGRESS '
DELEGATES AT CAPITAL
Present President McKinley With the
Resolutions That Were Re
cently Adopted.
WASHINGTON. Nov. 27.— After the Cab
inet meeting to-day the President received
a committee appointed by . the National
Irrigration Congress, who presented the
resolutions adopted by the congress at
Chicago last Saturday, urging the Govern
ment to Inaugurate tne work of reclaiming
the arid lands of the West. The com
mittee consisted of L. B. Prince of Santa
Fe. Ntw Mexico, chairman; H. B. Maw
eon, Reno, Nevada, secretary; O. J. Gavin,
New Mexico; F. C. Goudy, Colorado; G.
H. Maxwell-Chicago; D. H. Stearns, Ore
iron: F. L. Forguson, California; J. R.
6oble. Washington, and . B. A. Fowler,
Arizona.
Later In the day the committee: called
upon Secretary Hitchcock and Secretary
Wilson-
CITIZENSHIP OF PORTO
RICANS AGAIN BROUGHT UP
ASK THAT THE "WAR TAX
ON BEER BE ABOLISHED
Case Analogous to That of Gorg Cruz
to Be Brought Before the Immi
* Bureau.
CALL BUREAU, WELLINGTON HO
TEL, .WASHINGTON, Nov. 27.— In new
forn\ the question of Porto Rican citizen
ship under the constitution is coming to
plague' the administration and the Treas
ury, Department in general and the im
migration bureau in particular. .
The Treasury Department has been no
tified that within a few days a large party
of Porto Ricans who have ; worked on
sugar plantations at home will arrive -at
New Orleans, en route for Hawaii, where
they have been engaged to work at: their
former employment. This brings before
the~ officials, in a modified shape, : the
question which they ran away from in
the case of Gorg Cruz, who sought to be
admitted at the port of New York to work
in the United States under contract -and
asserted that the annexation of Porto
Rico made him a citizen.
In the case of • the Porto; Ricans who
will enter at New Orleans the only dif
ference is that they are going to
which has been proclaimed to be a ter
ritory of the United States and that is
not material.' . :. •
The immigration authorities will ; inter
cept the Porto Ricans and wait for orders.
¦No .treasury official would' discuss ¦ the
subject to-day.
WASHINGTON, Nov. 27.— Rudolf Brand,
president ,cf the/United States Brewers'
Association; N. \V. Kendall, vice presl
dentV Sallus.Thoman," 'secretary; &•: Fred
erick Gottlelb of - Baltimore and J. W.
Brown' of Brooklyn called upon the Pres
ident to-day to urge the, abolition of the
additional tax on bfer, imposed by the war
revenue : act. committee"^ presented
facts and ; figures -: to ' show •- the '\. hardship
which - the -< additional ? tax ! ; imposed ; upon '<
them." and the President 'promised, to refer
the matter.to, the committee of the House
having, the « reduction * of the ; war revenue
act in charge. . * ¦'- ¦ ~
WASHINGTON, Nov. 27.-The House
Committee on Military Affairs to-day met
for the purpose of considering the new
army bill. The business was mostly of a
preliminary character, the discussion be
ing quite general on army affairs. The
Republican members of the committee are
apparently in favor of giving the Presi
dent such an army as he requires.
The draft of the bill prepared by Chair
man Hull will be the basis of the measure
which the committee will consider. This
bill provides for an army of the maximum
strength of 100,000 men, with a minimum
of 60,00), and general officers at the rate of
one brigadier general for each 4000 men,
with major generals in proportion.
, Chairman Hull stated there will be but
one bill prepared, and if any staff changes
are contemplated they will be incorpo
rated in that measure. • /
The members of the committee probably
will confer with Secretary Root in a day
or two. This afternoon they went over
the bill which has been kndwn as the
War Department bill, drawn on lines sug
gested and approved by Secretary Root.
The War Department, bill provides for a
maximum of 96,000 men and a minimum of
58.000, with thirty regiments of infantry,
fifteen regiments of cavalry and a gradual
increase of the artillery until at the end
of five years there will be 18,000 men. The
artillery is not to be organized Into regi
ments, but as batteries and organizations
of heavy and fieid artillery.
With the maximum army there Is to be
150 men to each infantry company, making
1S30 men to a regiment. The maximum of
cavalry troops is to be 100 men. There is
no provision ' for a lieutenant general in
the War Department bill, but under the
present law the senior major general com
manding would have the rank of lieuten
ant general.- The War Department bill
does not give the same increase of major
generals and brigadier generals as the
Hull bill. V
The detailed staff provisions are an im
portant feature of the measure. It' is pro
vided that hereafter vacancies in the staff;
excepting the medical corps, pay corps
and engineers, shall , be filled by details
from the line, such detailed officers being
subject to line duty r at any time. This is
the same as the Hull bill of the last Con
gress and is earnestly favored by Secre
tary Root. The War Department bill pro
vides that the promotions shall be made
from the regular army according to the
present rank down to and Including the
rank of captain. The officers of the pres
ent volunteer army can become officers in
the regular, army, but in the grades, of
first and second lieutenants only, the va
cancies in the captains' rank being filled
from the first lieutenants of the present
regular establishment. The relative rank
of the volunteer officers entering the reg
ular establishment to be determined by se
niority. : •
The committee will not hold another ses
sion until Friday, adjourning over to
morrow and Thanksgiving.
Important Sessions Held by
the House Committee
on Military.
DISCUSSING THE
HEW ARMY BILL
LONDON. Nov. 27.— According to a spe
cial edition of the Evening Stan/lard to
day, a plot to assassinate I-iord Roberts,
in which two foreigners are concerned,
has been discovered. It appears that the
conspirators laid a mine, - which was de
signed to be blown up Sunday while Lord
Roberts was in churrh at Johannesburg;
but the police and Liord Roberts' body
guard frustrated the conspiracy. Ten
men, mostly Italians, have, been arrested.
Th^fee details, the Evening Standard says,
it has been unable to verify.
The War Office has. the following from
Liord Roberts, dated Johannesburg, No
vember 26: i? :.: .
"As reports of a plot against my life
will probably reach you, 1 think you
should know the facts. It is believed that
there was' a plot in existence and five
Italians, four Greeks and one Frenchman
were arrested November 16 and are now
awaiting trial. Their intentions, were to
explode a mine under St. Mary' 4 Church
during the morning service, held at 11
o'clock on November 18." .'v.:^
Lord Roberts, cabling from Johannes
burg, under date of November 2C, reports
a number of encounters with the Boers
at widely separated points, in which the
British captured some cattle and a few
prisoners and suffered slight casualties.
The most serious affair was an engage
ment with the forces of General Delarey,
numbering about 1000 men, with -three
guns, who opposed General. Clement's
march toward Rietfonteln. The Boers,
the dispatch says, were completely dis
persed. . -
LOURENZO MARQUES, Nov. 27.— A de
tachmen of eighty mounted Portuguese
troops with • two guns crossed the river
this morning at Catombo. It Is reported
General Dewet is In Portuguese territory
and In that district.
Five Italians, Four Greeks
and One Frenchman
Arrested.
PLOT TO KILL
LORD ROBERTS
HONOLULU, Nov. 2O.-Secretary Gage
of the Treasury Department, has sug
gested to Governor Dole a plan whereby
customs duties may be paid and the coin
u^ed not leave the country. In a letter
received here by the Zealandla the Sec
retary says that duties on imports may
be paid in Saa Frar.cisco and the receipts
aecepu-d here by the local collector of
customs. Nearly or quite all of the im
porters of European goods which are
dutiable have agents in San Francisco
and always have money from that side
due. The adoption of Gage's plan will
put an end to a serious steady drain of
coin from Hawaii.
The local steamship companies and
other owners of vessels have been ad
vist_-d by Collector Stackabte to comply
with American shipping laws, which have
not been in force here before this time.
Most of the vessels here were run in vio
lation of the rules as to painting ol
names and official numbers. Tne schooner
Rob Roy was held in port last week be
cause, though she is an American vessel
she had a Japanese captain. She is one
of the small island fleet and was char
tered and run by a Japanese company.
Washouts and floods continue to be re
ported from all the different islands ad
a result ofi the recent storm, which was
general throughout the group. With the
heavy rains came the strongest "kona"
or high south wind, known here for many
years. The only lives lost as a result of
the storm, so far as is known,, were those
of two Japanese fishermen, who wer«
blown to *ea in a small boat at Walmoa,
Kauai, and have not been heard of since.
The big pumping plant of McBryde's
plantation, also on Kauai, sustained con
siderable damage by flood. A cement wall
by which it was protected gave way and
the pump was flooded. Chief Engineer
Burns narrowly escaped with hla life by
climbing a flywheel and breaking through
a roof after his escape had been -cut off
below by water.
On Maual and Hawaii the Btorm'carried
away telephone wires in many places,
washed out railwi^- tracks and caused
great floods that interrupted business for
two or three days. Flumes and bridges
were wrecked and a considerable outlay
will be required to repljace them.
A remarkable escape tis reported from
Wailuku, where a Japanese dwelling: was
carried away by water. A small baby
was left behind when the older people
fled from the house. Some hours later
the child was found asleep in the house,
far from the place where the building had
stood. - *
One of the results of the storm In Hono
lulu was to cause a shortage of flsh, as
none could be caught during. the heavy
wind and rain. No damage is reported to
any of the island shipping, though many
of the vessels were weatherbound at dif
ferent ports.-
The divorce suit of Mrs. Miner against
Dr. F. L* Miner is developing many sen
sational details. The couple were for
merly residents of Salinas and" San Fran
cisco. Cal. They were married fourteen
yean? ago In Leeds. England. Mrs.
Miner makes many allegations of ex
tremely cruel treatment during most of.
the fourteen years. The doctor has filed
an answer in which he charges his wife
with havlnjr ill-treated him for years. He
averred that she was of such a Jealous
disposition that she greatly reduced his
practice by her actions toward his woman
patients. The case is being- heard before
Judge Humphreys.
Directs That Duties on Im
ports May Be Paid in
San Francisco.
GAGE PLANNING
TO ASSIST HAWAII
SAN JUAN* Nov. 21.— The American
newspaper* of recrnt date seem to indi
cate that the United States still enter
teins the idea of purchasing the Danish
Wept Indies. Governor Allen, accom
panied by hi? family, visited tlie island*
en Saturday last on the Mayflower. This
fact may or may not have any sperial
significance, but the gren<-r«J opinion here
i? that it hap. The visit was informal,
but was attended by more or less secrecy,
as the Fh5p had departed before It be
came generally known that the Governor
w«lk a passpnpr>r. Private correspondence
and talks with natives of St. Thomas re
*;5<iing here tend to ehow that the bviief
is justified th.n#the bulk of she inhabi
tants of the Islands are in favor of an
nexation to the l.'nited States. The an
nual deficit in the administration of the
islands «s about J2."».<M0. They afford lux
urious berths for a few favored officials.
The only othtr excuse Denmark has in
holding them is to gratify national pride.
The merchants and property-holders in
this city s*-etn to ih!nk that the purchase
of the inlands would tend to retard the.
advancement of Porto Rico. A great
naval station must be located Sn this sec
tion by the Un'.t«-d States in the near
futl«-e. San Juan harbor has every ad
va-itap* to oflV-r. but to properly dredge
The harbor would necessitate, the expendi
ture of several millions. The harbor is
mud-filled, and vessels drawing over
twenty-five feet have difficulty in enter
ins «t all. There are two sunken wreck*,
mementoes of the Spanish-American -war.
located in the channel at the harbor
entrance. A naval station could be built
ct f-t. Thomas much nvjre cheaply. Porto
Rico would not like to lose the oppor
tunities which a naval station would
bring. . '
Considerable interest is centered in the
new legislature, or more properly, in the
newly clectQd house of delegates, which
will hold its first session on December 3.
The first session will be held in tempor
ary quarters, as the island, unfortunately,
has no public building which will accom
modate legislative bodies. At this session
a bill appropriating funds for an insular
building probably will be passed. The en
tire legislative assembly, including: both
houses, is composed of Republicans. A
Fplit in the lower house is predicted after
the first few BCEEions. The body has a
.Treat work laid out. The first and most
important matter ta be disposed of will
be the remodeling of the laws of the
island, without which it is considered cer
tain Porto Rico can have no future. The
members are taking a mutual Interest in
their new duties, and most of them have
.already prepared flowery speeches, . some
of them !*eing gems of oratory. The
whole world, and particularly the people
of the United States, will watch the pro
ceedings with Interest.
View3 of llaj.T Portion of
the Residents of Danish
West Indies.
CITIZENS ANXIOUS
FOR ANNEXATION
ALLEGED PLOT ON
PRESIDENT'S LIFE
New York Police Receive
Letter Giving Name of
Chief Conspirator.
NEW YORK, Nov. 27.— The police of
Hoboken, N. J., have" received a letter
alleging the existence of a plot to assass
inate President McKlnley. The writer of
the letter gave the name of the alleged
chief conspirator, which the police refuso
to make public at this time. The letter,
which is illegibly signed, is as follows:
"Sir: Having almost thoroughly as
sured myself of an anarchist plot against
his Excellency McKinley I consider it
my duty to advise you of the name of one
who is more than suspected of beinsr a
leader, whose namo i3 found in the en
closed slip. He is a fugitive from justice
and a dangerous man. having been con
victed several times, and on the last oc
casion bejng~ sentenced to five years' im
prisonment for anarchist attempt.
"My statement can be verified by ap
pealing to the prefect of. police at Paris.
France. During the course of the past
year he had concealed with him a man
named Francois, the author of an anar
chistic attempt at Scranton, where lie
mortally wounded an agent of the police."
The writer of this letter, the police say,
has been iocated and his story will be in
vestigated. ,-«.;-. » r - ,¦¦
•WASHINGTON, ;Nov. 27.— Chief Willis
of the secret service raid that the Gov
ernment had no Information whatever on
the subject.
Sailors May Have Been Drowned.
DETROIT, Nov. 27.— A report reached
here to-night from Amherstberg that Cap
tain Frank B. Hackett of the tug Home
Rule on his return there from the Point
Pelee Middle ground In Lake Erie, stated
that the steamer which has been aground
there since Sunday was the Maumee Val
ley, of Toledo. The schooner has disap
peared and Captain Hackett Is quoted as
saying that he believes the waves dashed
the vessel to pieces an4-thte sailors lashed
to the rigging have been drowned. -¦¦¦¦•>..,
To Prevent Railway Accidents.
BERLIN, Nov. 27.— <Jount : von : Bulow,
the Imperial Chancellor, has requested the
Ministers of Railways . in the various
states of the empire to devise means to
prevent the recurrence of such serious ac
cidents as have recently happened.
following legend: "Tttck Lung & Co.. im
porters of Chinese teas." It is on the
ground floor of a big five-story fiat house.
Shopkeepers in the avenue have no hesi
tancy in speaking about the place. They
seem to look upon the opium dens as nec
essary adjuncts to the locality, which for
years has been a breeding place for such
resorts.
Bishop Potter's committee will take
steps to suppress those dens.
CALLS CROKER A BOODLEIt.
Dr. Parkhurst Doss Not Mince Words
in Replying to Tammany's Chief.
NEW YORK. Nov. 27.— Rev. Dr. Charles
H. Parkhurst sat in his study to-day and
read through from beginning to end the
interview containing the latest utterance
of Richard Croker at his English home
at Wantage. He said: \
"Croker says that the reason we do not
like him is because he is not a Republi
can. The fact of It is It is not a question
of politics at all. It is a question of de
cency. It is a question of killing off crows
that are tearing up the corn field and of
knocking down brigands that are making
spoils of our municipal character, money
and prospects.
"No man knows better than Croker that.
Ms talk of the political phase of it is all
rot. Croker is no more a Democrat than
ho is a Republican: he' is a professional
boodler. Democracy is too a fine a word
to be contaminated by contact with a
name that stands for nothing but physi
cal and ethical vulgarity."
turned from Newmarket, anfi all my In
formation has strengthened my faith in
the Rein's and Wishard. I am perfectly
willing to abide by the result" The mat
ter is giving me little trouble."
NEW YORK'S OPHrM>DENS.
Places Which Bishop Potter's Com
mittee Will Try to Suppress.
NEW YORK, Nov. 27.— Persons ' living
in East Twelfth street, in Seventh avenue
and bther sections of the city complain
that opium dens are being run In thetr
neighborhoods with scarcely an attempt
at concealment and with an ever increas
ing patronage.
¦ Girls still in their teens can be seen any
afternoon or evening frequenting these
places. Another alarming feature of the
spread of vice is that many confirmed
opium smokers havo adopted the practice
oi sending small children, from ?> to 10
years old, to these shops. Placing a twen
ty-five cent niece on the grimy counter,
one of these little ones will calmly ask for
"a shell of dope."
At Seventh avenue and West . Thirty
seventh street this evening scores of men
entered and left the place "of Tuck Lung
& Co. Many were well dressed and of
good appearance, while others, cadaverous
of face, were shabby a;id down at the
heels, while all had the glazed eyes and
unsteady steps of the habitual opium
smoker. .While men predominated, wo
men and children occasionally entered the
place, on the window of which Is the
Charges That the Only Aim of the Present Purifiers Is to
Elect a Republican Mayor.
LONDON, Nov. 27.— Richard Croker
said ih an interview* at his coun
try home at Wantage that the re
formers of New York are not sin
cere. Says Mr. Croker in the inter-'
view:
"These men cannot fool the people of
New York again. The only cause they are
fighting for is the Republican party. Their
onlv aim is to elect a Republican Mayor
of New York. They are responsible for
the New York charter. They x-reated a bi
partisan Police Board. What we should
have is a single-headed Police Board. Then
we could place responsibility on some
body's shoulders. Two-thirds of the po
lice captains In New York are RepublK
cans. Is the Democratic organization,
which does not control the Police Board,
responsible for the administration of these
Republican captains?
"What we mean to do is to satisfy the
people of New York. These reformers talk
about vice in New York. Have they ever
been in London or Paris? • They are not
sincere." ¦ . .
Croker will go to Carlsbad In a few days
for three months. He had a long faro
well talk this evening with the Reiffs. who
will sail for New York on th#> Deutchland
on Friday. Mr. Croker has engaged both
the Rein's and his trainer, Wishard, for
next season.
"I am satisfied that had the Jockey Club
limited its investigation to the running of
The Scotchman' II." said Mr. Cr»*ker. "it
long ago would have been settled. But it
entered into litigation which Lord Dur
ham's charges started. I have just re-
THE "REDLIGHT" DISTRICT OF NEW YORK AND THE POLICE CAPTAIN NOW DIMMING ITS RUDDINESS
STILL "BOSS" CROKER SAYS THAT. THE MORAL CRUSADE IS ONLY A POLITICAL MOVE OF THE
REPUBLICANS, WHO WANT TO ELECT A MAYOR. V '
•py y EW YORK. Nov. 27.— Miss Helen
r^k | Gould, accompanied by her maid.
'I xV has P urcnased ovcr J 30 '* 1 worth of
A -\j clothing and toilet articles, which
she has ordered dispatched to
the distributing officer . of the United
States army at Manila, Philippine Islands.
The goods will be presented with Helen
Gould's compliments and Christmas greet
ing to the 'New Yorkers of the troops in
[ the Philippines. Miss Gould personally
selected every article and in each case
bought the best quality obtainable. Sha
carefully examined the clothing order to
see, she explained, that it was of suitable
weight.
Against Sunday Performances.
The Actors' Church Alliance of America
has begun an active campaign against
Sunday theatrical performances and its
members promise to keep it up until
actors have one day of rest in seven, the
same as persons in the ordinary avoca
tions of life. It claims to have caused
»the arrests which have been made at New
York theaters the past three Sundays, and
it is now keeping an ey« on the prosecu
tion of these cases. The Rev. Francis J.
Clay Moran, chairman of the law com
mittee, has given out a copy of a letter
which he had sent to Deputy Chief Cort
wright last Friday, dealing with the sub
ject. It had been stated tnat the arrests
in question were due to the actions of the
Tammany purity committee, and Mr.
Moran took occasion to correct this im
pression. He said that the law commit
tee of the alliance had not had any com
munications with the Tammany commit
tee' in any way and knows nothing of its
actions.
Smuggling of Chinese.
The business of smuggling .Chinese
across the border from Canada Into this
State is believed to have received Its
deathblow. Late • Saturday night two
Chinese were seen as they were being
drawn through Plattsburg, N. Y., in a
covered wagon. They were traced to
Keesvllle, N. Y.. to which point they had
been driven from Hemmingford, a dis
tance of forty-five miles, and there lo
cated In a Chinese laundry. They were
arrested and taken to Plattsburg. where
they were given a hearing before United
States. Commissioner Woodward. They
gave their names as Foong Lung, aged
23. and Ham Chin Gee, aged 24, and they
both stated through an Interpreter that
they were born in China and that they
were from the province .of Quongtung.
They were committed to jail.
Chance for Capital in Ecuador.
General Archibald Sampson of Phoenix,
Ariz., United States Minister to Ecuador,
will sail this week on the steamer Ad
vance for his post. He came north in
September. "Kcuador — oes on the gold
basis this month," said the general In an
interview. "The act was passed a year
ago last August. The election for Presi
dent takes place on the first Sunday of the
coming January. Eloy Alfaro, the- Presi
dent, is wonderfully popular. He is
especially friendly to the United States
and has been a useful and progressive
chief executive. He has a son at West
Point. Ecuador is being rapidly develop
ed and Alfaro offers every inducement to
capital to come into the country. For
capitalists I believe Ecuador offers extra
ordinary advantages.
"There is a vast tract of country un
doubtedly rich in gold and silver which
has never been explored, but it Is no
country for a man without money. Wages
run from ten cents to sixty cents a day
for mechanics: Clerks get from J15 to $39
a month. The first railroad to connect
the coast with the capital Is now being
constructed from Guayaquil. 27^ miles, to
Quito, by an American syndicate at a
cost of about J17.500.000. Quito has 80.000
Inhabitants and Guayaquil 50.000."
To Claim Tyson's Fortune.
Accompanied by her sister-in-law. Miss
Klsie Tyson of Humboldt County. Califor
nia, and J. L. Wilson, a lawyer. Mrs. John
T. Martin of Morristown. N. J.; has staxt-
MARCONI MAKES
GREAT DISCOVERY
Will Be Able to Send Mes
sages Across the Ocean
Without Wires.
Special Cable to The Call and New York Her
ald. Coryricht. 1DO<\ by the Herald Pub
lishing Company.
LONDON, Nov. 2S.— "Signor Marco \i
has mastered his mast difficulty," re
marked one of his staff to a representa
tive, of the Daily Express yesterday. "Ac
cording to reasonable calculations," he
added, "we shall have America and Great
Britain upon speaking 1 terms before the
first Christmas of the new century."
To make this statement, however, was
a very different thing from making known
Signor Marconi's secret. In general terms
though, the basis of his triumph may be
indicated to a small degree." Wires must
be used, one at either end and about two
hundred feet long, called antennae or
feelers. This Is obviously not a costly ex
pedient, but the new fact that obviated
the necessity for masts as high as Snow
don is the discovery of a means of con
trolling their air waves.
Signor Marconi's infinite capacity for
taking pains has enabled him to construct
an apparatus whereby he can lengthen
the air waves to an almost unlimited ex
tent. Furthermore, by the same Ingenious
device, sound will be made to travel close
to the surface of the ocean over the whole
distance, thus circumventing the dreaded
difficulty presented by the curvature of
the earth. Hence the masts erected at
Southampton and on Long Island need,
not, it Is now contended, be higher than
the roof of a New York skyscraper.
"All this seems of vast importance to
the commercial world," remarked the- rep
resentative of the Express.
"What It undoubtedly means Is that
submarine cables will be superseded,"
was the reply, "and that at a hundredth
thousandth part 'of cost" ' .
crypt. Around the opening this inscrip
tion was worked in flowers:
I "His sun has gone down while it was yet
day."
I After the mourners, who had come from
i the Chapel Royal, were seated, the ser
vices commenced. Sir John Stainer led
i the choir In singing another selection
I from "The Light of the World."
j Archdeacon Sinclair read the latter
part of the service and then the coflln
¦ was lowered into the crpyt. the silence
being only broken by the sobbing of a
few women. The benediction was given by
the dean and then there occurred what
has never before been heard in St. Paul's.
Fifty women, ail dressed in the deepest
black, and the same number of men.
gathered near the coffin, aryse from their
knees. They were the chorus of the
Savoy Theater. In quivering, trembling
tones, they commenced to sing Sullivan's;
"tirother. Thou Art uone Before Us." A
great hush fell on the crowd that had
started to leave the building. Gathering
courage, the women's voices swelled out
mail every corner of the vast cathedral
re-echoed this sad requiem lrom those
who had so often sung the lighter lyrics ;
of the composer they now mourned. As
this died away, the organ took up the
majestic strains of the dead inarch from
'•Saul," the choir, clergy and mourners
fil«»d out and one of the most Impressive
national funerals held in England came to
an end.
The vault containing the remains of Sir
Arthur Sullivan is situated in the extreme
eastern corner of the crypt, close to the
tomb of Dr. Bryce. the famous writer of
church music of the last century. Near
bjr l!e the remains of Sir John MUlals. who
was president of the Royal Academy and
who died In 1!«6.
Closed the Door on Choate.
Just as Mr. Choate. Charles Wynd
ham. George It. Sims and other
well-known persons arrived at the
Chapel Royal, where Sir Arthur Sullivan's
funeral was being hejd. the attendants
received orders to close the doors, as tip?
chapel was full. Mr. Choate expostulated
and showed his card of admission, but all
to no avail. Mr. Sims remarked in a low
tone. "The Anglo-American entente cor
dial** is shattered -after all these yearn;"
For ten minutes the United Stales Era
bassador was kept waiting, but finally the
attendants were ordered to admit him and
the distinguished persons with him. The
service was now we!l advanced. The door
is known as the Embassadors* entrance.
Italian Steamer Abandoned on Fife.
A Falmouth special say$: The British
shin l^anarkshire. Captajn I>ouglass, from
I<l"taue August 18 for the Channel, has
arrived here, having on board ; Captain
Zino and thirty-eight of the crew of the
Italian steamer Assiduita. laden with coal,
which left New Orleans October 29, via
Norfolk November «, for Genoa and Na
ples. The Assiduita was -abandoned on
fire November 15 in latitude 3S degrees
north mul longitude ,11 degrees west. The
crew of the Aksiduifa' was "transferred to
the Lanarkshire in a he,avy sea. during
which two men were injured." When the
J-ai:arkshire arrived here her supplies of
food and water w*Te exhausted.
Ship Skolfieid Ashore.
Advices received here from ' Xapasakl,
Japan, say that a ship supposed to be th«
<Jeorfre Skolfieid is ashore near Tol-Sakl
rear the southern extremity of the west
ern end of Japan. There were no fatali
ties. The ship George Skolfieid. of and
from San Francisco October. 5 for Port
Arthur, was built at Brunswick. Me. in
U-70. She is of 1276 tons not, is 1ST feet 2
inches lonp. 38 feet 2 Inches beam and 23
feot ft inches deep. , She is owned by the
Alaska Packers' Association.
LONDON. Nov. r?.— With all the
pomp and ceremony which have
attenfird the obsequies of a mem
ber of the royal family, the re
jr.ains of fir Arthur Sullivan, who
di^d Thursday last, were interred In St.
Paul's Cathedral to-d»y. Long before the
hour set for the first portion of the ser
vices in the Chapel Royal immense
rro»d« assembled in the vicinity of th<?
late residence of the deceased and St.
James palace, while every point of vant
.-:?< around St. Paul's was taken up hours
prior to the arrival of the cortege. The
immense crowds, lining the route tra
i«B"sed by the procession testified to the
widespread sympathy of the public, while
IxilJl the Chapel Royal and St. Paul's
were HHed to their capacity with privil
«'c!;r<»d ticket-holder*. The Queen, Em
ji«-ror WJlliam of Germany, the Prince of
Wales and other royalties were reprc
cfnted, while the musical and dramatic
world attended in large numbers. The
j resence of Joseph H. Choate, the United
States Kmbas^ador, and othor diplomats
j.nd numerous Americans, including the
Countess of Essex ami Mrs. Ronalds,
t^stifud to the international position held
ly the dead. <-oiTipr>ser. The cotTin was
• tnbedded in maieiiiixcent floral tributes
f-nt from far and near, in such numbers
that they filled four hearses.
At the entrance of the chapel, in Em
lasFadors' Court. Jhe body was mvt by
the pnii-bearers. Sir Squire Bancroft-
J^ancroft. the actor rnanager; Fir Fred
< rick Bridd. th«- organist of Westminster
Abbey; Sir Alexander Campbell, principal
of the Royal Academy of Music; .Sir
«;eorge Henry I^ewls. the well-known
lawyer; Sir John Stainer. Inspector of
nueic to th*» Education Department; Sir
? j'-orge Clement Martin. organlPt of St.
Paul's Cathedra!; Lieutenant Colonel Ar
thur Collins, gentleman" usher to the
«jue*-n, a lid Francois Cellier, the com
3«iscr.
Th* clergy and t!ie full choir of the
Chapel Royal were attired In the
historic rol.es of scarlet an«l gold, and
the remains were borne up the aisle
of the effectively draped chapel, the
< hnir chanting the plaintive opening
vrrses of the burial service. The whole
service was most impressive, and the
j:nthrms were especially mournful. The
CUfllenca disp]ay<d deep emotion as the
strains of the ai them "Vea, Though I
from Sullivan's "Light of the
Wortd.T resounded through the sacrtd
tdiiictv
The preliminary service ended, the pro
cession re-formed and proceeded: to St.
rauls Cathedral, along Pall Mall, the
Tfoon-.es embankment and l^udRate hill.
3-«r;z«» crowds gather«*«l and the men took
«ff their hats as the hearse passed. St.
I'aul'p Cathedral was crowded and dur
iiig the Ion? waii th*« hand of the Scots
Guards played Chopin"* and Beethoven's
<-<^ad marches. \vhi!»> from the or^ar.
l'^aled Mendelssohn's trilj«te to the deatL
On the broad s»et»s= of the cathedral the
dean and chapter of St. Paul's and the
white robed chori?tprs. Furroupdpd by
thousands Df|£Jfe£tatbr£ met the i»roo«i/-
As the great doors flew open thi
raoltirht str^anied in and the voices of
»h«» cJjotr, Ktrong and eivept, broke the
(solemn Fii^nce which liad prevailed up to
th;*T tim" thrt'iishout th B cathedraL In a
rpjfin, almost hi(5den l>rneath wreath? of
(lower*, the remains were lwrne up thf>
«i.^l»» until they reached the chancel stfp=.
«*ir*»<Mly b^^penth the -donip. Th«»re n
< .fMfniq'ip lia«i boon erected t>n the ed~°
«f a narrow opening which led to tne
The following Callfornlans are In New
York: From San Francisco— Mrs. Gteen
enberp. at Grand Union: J. T. Nichols, at
St. Cloud: K. Stencil, at Grand Union: S.
Waterhouse and wife, at Westminster: A.
Cowan, at Mort<tn: S. H. Hunter, at Impe
rial: Mrs. LoughshorouRh. at Karlinjrton:
J. S. Oyster, at Everett; F. B. Webster
and W. Woodside. at Broadway Central;
M. B. Curtis, at Herald Square; E. J. F.
Pennlnt, at Gilsey. ' . ¦¦
From Los Anseles— Mrs. A. Newton, at
Savoy; H. Kendrick, at St. Denis.
From Oakland-r-M. Davey. at Bartholdl.
From Eureka— K. M. Shideler, at Grand
Union.
ed for Scotland to claim a vast fortune
left by James Tyson, the milHonarte
bushman of. Australia. Another resident
of Morrlstown who is a claimant Is George
Tyson, who conducts a blacksmith shop
in Rldgedale avenue. Jaraea Tyson, who
lecently died In Australia, left a fortune
estimated at $13,000,000. For more than
three score years he had no communica
tion with his family
Californians in New York.
HELEN GOULD'S GIFTS
TO AMERICAN TROOPS
-¦-'-¦'"¦'0- '¦'¦'.'"' ~
Sends Clothing and Other Supplies to the
Men Fighting in the Philippines.
Touching Tributes Paid to the Memory of
the Great Mus'cal Composer.
ROYAL POMP AT SIR
ARTHUR'S FUNERAL
CROKER SAY5 REFORMERS QF
NEW YORK ARE NOT SINCERE
¦ • v - ¦¦ '¦ '¦¦¦*
THE SA]S FRANCISCO CALL- WEDNESDAY, NOVEMBER 2S, 1900;
2
.Exhausted, nervous, irritable, and all oat of sorts, there is
nothing, so gratefully Kceived bv tho tired body as a soothing anc
refreaaiixg tonic. And when, wi& such a tonic is combined ¦¦
brain and -nerve food and medicine that adds permanent strengt 1
>and vivacity to the whole nervous system, you reap a double bone
fi V ft *s Just such results that are obtained from Da. Milei.
Nervine, the great braia and nerve medicine.
- a i': My system was so run-down from nerTous trouble *
S^o 11^ 00 ? 1151^ 11 *^ 11^ l was almost a total wreck. I
was unable to attend to business, and although I had doo-
??!!S f0 ?i5fa e y cara . I^asgetting no better. , Dr. Miles' "^
w^hvn^w V ight up and made" me. strong and •
healthy." P. W. Hebebbakd, 230 Outhwaito Avar
, -¦?.:;.- .;..-¦- Cleveland, Ohio.
Hi riJiVBi W9w jiui ¦iM.u.i -
; medicines for overworked, tired-out and nm-down
. men and •women.
«old by druggists on! a guaranty. I>b. Jtoss Mewcal Co., ElkHait, Ir-
ADVERTISEMENTS.
I B. KATSCBINSKI, I ,
I PHILADELPHIA SHOE CO.
S tO Third St.. San Francisco. j
|| THE VERY BEST
1 $2.00
I . . SHOES
N Ladles' Velour Calf Shoes, are i
22 stylisft and up-to-date in appear-
¦ ance; soft and pliably to the foot
II and will outwear many a higher
|fl priced shoe. We mention 2 styles.
B LACE SHOES. with circular
H vamps, heel foxing, coin toe, with !
w diamond tips. - '
H BUTTON SHOES, with straight J
I vamps— coin toe and straight tips, g '
These shoes have heavy
double soles and GUARANTEED
WATERPROOF; fa f\ f\ f%
sizes ZVi to 9: V W I 1 I 1 *
widths A to EE. A /•111! E
Price .^^..VO/UU
Party and Dress Footwear.
On the threshold of the social
season we make you this remark-
aRle offer: Ladles' one-strap m
Kid Sandal, In pink, blue, red and
bronze, with bow and ornament '
to match; sizes f\ i f\r *
3 to 1Vz\ widths VI in
to .'?...?:.... r^! 1 . < :?f....i9l«Z0
Country erders solicited. Send for 1
! illustrated catalogue. v
PHILADELPHIA SHOE CO. 1
'10 THIRD ST. Sao Franclsw. \
igg^" TWO QUALITIES v^fiiPl!
1 -"."I'll Ilfcfti . &H»
ffigSsI "~ T >>Ir " KSasa
Ewf3 if- Esek^
NOTHING "FREE."
Electric i*'W
on its MERITS ! pierce's BELT
Bold for CASH only, but at a REASON-
ABLE PRICE. This Belt cur*s JC1ITHOUT
DRUGS. Ci.il at office or sen3 a 2-cen:
ftamp for new "BOOKLET No. 2.*i Ad-
"PIBRCB ELECTRIC CO.,
I14S BROADWAY, - NEW YORK.
Or O2O Market St.. Eaa Francisco.
DR. MEYERS & CO, ,Jpia ;
Specialists. Disease Mgp-p \rf
and weakness ot WE'.
men. Established ZjS/ *!!Sis!S&PS
188L Consultation tJFw X^^f
and private book V%> I /-Ai
free, at office or by j5^»8.a
mail. Cures guar- r*frV vifr^r*
anteed. 731 Mar- K!inSm£9 * \
ket street (elevator l^M2i#?sy < \
entrance), San >^Vifl^^3^Mk^
tIERCES
FAVORITE
SCRIPTIOM
, aWEAKWOMEW. [
pEHMYROYAL, PILLS
g _i*L~v Orlctaal ¦uri Only Oeaate*.
P-O«M*V.0AFE. \iw»7«r»ii»M«. La4!ek. uk Drorrt<t
>4v&ssM. »» CHICHESTER'S KNGUSM
£<\A?yr¥%yia KED *b1 bold m«»:ile boxe. •**:*]
*t\ •— »li*« »"&':»• ribbon. Taken* hthtr. Refa.4
IV T IB *••¦•• £*T S* *"" r »™«H««^ *r md 4«. la
I W» • Jtr "up* fcf r articular*. TwHIim«mIjJ_l
.A** 1/ tvn Mall. 1«.O*O Twnlaionua. g&bw
-i an DruMt.u. ¦ Ckksk«at«r Chemical Cl
ttotloa thU p*p«c. Ma4h«» Square. PniLA^ y£
i J!5>«"^- INJECTION^ * ... |
-FA PERMANENT CURE 1
> of the mort obstinate casea of Gonorrhea 5
, | and Gleet, raaranteed la from 3 to 6 <
C "days ; no ether treatment required.* ¦ C
J i»S - 8°ld by all druggists. .5 -J
}# "PAT F NTS** \
ADVERTISEMENTS.GILROY, 1 Xov. 27.— The funeral of James
H. I Ellis I took, place from \ the | family, resi
dence in this city this afternoon," and was
one of the largest ever seen In Gilroy.
Business was practically suspended. The
pallbearers were old. pioneers and business
associates of the deceased. 't • -7 < ¦¦¦¦¦¦
Funeral of James H. Ellis.
ASHE MUST EVACUATE
RDINART STOCK FARM
Mrs. Teresa Bell Wins Her Suil
Against the State Senlfcor for
Possession of the
Special Dispatch to The Call, crv ,
SANTA ROSA. Nov. 27.— Judge Burnet
to-day rendered a decision in the Bui'
of Mrs. Teresa Bell vs. R. Porter . Ash(
et al. for possession of the Ruinart stocli
farm property, near the town of Ken
wood, in this county, for failure to paj
the yearly rental of $1000. The ruling ii
In favor of the plaintiff, and Senatoi
Ashe and his associates must pack theii
belongings and move off the ran.cn, whicl
Is owned by Mrs. Bell. /""" -¦'¦ '¦¦"'£'<
The decision holds that by the terms o:
the written lease the rent was made pay
able in advance, and the rental of $100<
was due on January 1, 1900. While th<
court has no doubt that the defendani
would be allowed to defer the paymem
of the rent until the end of the year,- ye'
It was not satisfied that Senator Asht
was justified in believing by anything
that was said or done -/ the plaintifl
that he could pay the rent at the end o;
the year. The court holds that the plain
tiff is entitled to judgment for rent du*
and for forfeiture of lease in consequent
of non-payment 'of rent.
W. A. Beatty of San Francisco was th<
attorney for the defense, and the plain
tiff was represented by T. J. Butts of this
city.
DOCTOR SUES WIFE OF
; MILLIONAIRE FOR FEE
Asks for Three , Thousand Dollars,
but the Jury Considers
Twenty Sufficient.
PHOENIX. Ariz.. Nov. 27.— In an action
brought by Dr. A. W. Cottrel! of Phoenix,
Ariz., against Mrs. Mary V. Jones, wife ol
a Pittsburg millionaire manufacturer, to
recover $3000 for. professional services,
judgment of $20 was rendered in favor of
the plaintiff, which was regarded by the
jury as adequate compensation for ten
visits made by the doctor. Although in
his complaint Cottrell prays for $3000. the
action was regarded as a "bluff," and in
his testimony to-day he brought the figure
down to $300. The suit was brought last
April, soon after Mrs. Jones had received
Cottrell's' treatment for. a disease which
consisted of bleeding at the nose.
Mrs. Jones returned .to Pittsburg and
consulted her family doctor, who Imme
diately reached the conclusion- that Cot
trell had attempted to frighten his patient
into parting with a large sum of money.
Cottrell weakened to-day, j refusing on the
stand .to describe Mrs. Jones' disease
which the Pittsburg doctor declared to b«
of very ordinary character. Jones has
not yet taken .action against the doctor
and refuses to make known his plans.
Stanford Students Honored.
STANFORD UNIVERSITY, Nov. 27.—
At a meeting of tho student body. to-day,
A'.'-' B. Ilemmon, '01, was "* nominated r for
editor in chief of the Dallv Palo Alto for
the t next semester, ;, and. Captain VBabe"
Burnett for , manager of ., next - season's
football team. . ¦ -
TAKES TO FLIGHT TO
DODGE W EDDING RITES
Prominent Pennsylvania Educator
Wanted at San Jose on Warrant
Sworn Out by a
Girl.
SAN JOSE. Npv. 27.— Professor Davifl
Rhinehart Porter King, who Is said to oc
cupy the chair of social economics in the
State Normal School in Pennsylvania, has
been charged 1 by Hilda J Johnson, a
young woman who resides near Agnews
Station, with having betrayed her under
promise of marriage. A warrant was is
sued by Justice Wallace for his arrest,
and Sheriff Langford Is now trying to ap
prehend the educator, who undoubtedly
has left the State.
King, who holds diplomas from the
University of Pennsylvania and Yale, -s
said to be prominent among the edncators
of the Keystone State. He came to Cali
fornia several months ago to settle up the
estate of his uncle, D.J. Rhinehart. who
died here a couple of years ago. A
large farm and orchard near Agnews
were included in the property left by the
uncle. Jonnson had charge of the place,
and nis daughter, Hilda, the complainant,
did the housework.
King went to live at the f^rri as soon
as he arrived here. He was possessed of
a charming manner and was a pleasing
conversationist, and he made love to the
girl. Shortly after King arrived Johnson
went to San Francisco to work, and his
daughter engaged to do the housework
for King and a couple of laborers about
the place. Her mother had been dead for
pome years. to the girl's story
King became more ardent than ever in
his wooing after her father left. When
the time set for the marriage came he put
it off. Finally, a day or so ago. she de
manded that he marry her to save her
from disgrace. He promised to do so, and
came to San Jose, leaving, her under the
impression that he was going to obtain a
marriage license. He never returned to
the farm.
Miss Johnson at once came to San Jose
and found he had made preparations to
ga to some point in Oregon. To-day she
swore to the warrant for his arrest.
Sheriff Langford has notified the officers
north of here and in Oregon to be on the
lookout for King and arrest him.
MYSTER-Y STJRROTTNDS
DEATH OF MICHAELS
REDDING. Nov. 27.— The mystery sur
rounding the murder : or suicide of last
Thursday night on Frasers Hill, Just this
side of Bella Vista, deepens as" time
elapses. The body still lies In the Morgue
here, and although not fully identified, it
Is almost certain .it Is that of Frank
Michaels of Portland, Oregon.
.While the officials are trying to ferret
out the manner of his death, an attempted
hold-up has occurred In the same locality.
Bert Hall, a: Cow Creek • while
passing the rpot where Michaels* b«dy
was found, was confronted by a highway
man, who etepped from the brush and de
manded : "hands up." ' Instead of .comply
ing. Hair pulled "tho trigger of a shotgun
that lay across his knees. - The robber, re
plied with' an ineffective shot. ."..: Hall's
horses took fright and ran away down the
hill.' • He ¦ reported the attempted hold-up
as soon as he reached Bella vista.
:, Residents of the region are thoroughly.
alarmed. They now fear to pass over, tho
Fraser- Hill road -after sundown. - ; - - •*
Attempts to Loot a Residence at
Santa Barbara.—-'
SANTA BARBARA;- Nov. 27.— An at
tempt was made last night to loot the
residence of -Mrs. Dudden. in the upper
part of this city. A window was pried
out. but the burglars evidently became
frightened and fled. There were tracks
made by a man's boot and a woman's shoe
in the wet ground under, the window. The
thieves may have been members of the
gang of Mexican shoplifters, one of whom
was -a woman, captured here several
weeks ago.
FEMAXE BURGLAR AT WORK.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SANTA ROSA. Novj 27.— Miss Rena
Mohr, head nurse in the Jenner Sani
tarium on Third street, has brought suit
against Dr. F. S. Byington, who Is at tho
head of the hospital, for back pay,
amounting to *147 S3. Dr. Byington Is not
only prominent as a physician, but is one
of the most popular society gentlemen in
this city. About two : years ago he
opened the sanitarium and emergency
hospital on Third street. He has had a
number of nurses employed there and one
or two assistant physicians at different
Intervals. »
In her complaint. Miss RenarTiIohr al
leges there is $147 83 due her from Dr. By
ington for services rendered as a "head
nurse in the Jenner Sanitarium. The fair
young plaintiff took the stand In Judge'
Brown's Justice Court to-day and related
incidents leading to her coming to this
city to accept the position of head nurse
in the sanitarium. She testified that she
had been a nurse for many years and sub
mitted testimonials from reputable wit
nesses as to her efficiency. She claimed
the doctor's reason for not paying her her
wages was that he was too "hard up."
The witness was asked if it was not
true that she had come to Santa Rosa
because she thought she stood a good
chance of becoming the wife of Dr. By
ington and she replied.very sarcastically:
"Excuse me, I don't want anything to
do with a hard-hearted chicken like him.
He has no heart at all for any human be
ing."
Dr. Byington went upon the stand this
afternoon and testified that the defendant
had represented to him that she was a
trained nurse, but three days . after her
arrival " he had discovered she was not
what she claimed to be and he told her
so. He put her to the test of sterilizing
and found she did not understand it. He
had taken pity on her and allowed her
to stay at the sanitarium after he had
told her he did not want her. because
sh? was without a home and he did not
want to turn her out of doors.
The case was continued until to-mor
row and promises to be an interesting one.
Dr. F. S. Byington of Santa Rosa De
fendant in an Action Brought
by Miss Hena
HOSPITAL NURSE SUES
PHYSICIAN FOR WAGES
FOUR days next week the Califor
nia State Fruitgrowers' Conven
tion will be in session in Pioneer
Hall in this city. The delibera
tions will begin at 9:30 a. m. Tues
day, December 4, and the last session will
be held Friday afternoon- In an an
nouncement sent out to the fruitgrowers
the statement is made that "California
fruitgrowers demand an improved ex
pedited freight service for Eastern fruit
shipments; unity of action upon the part
of the growers is much desired.'" Another
demand is that all cars to be used in car
rying citrus fruits East be disinfected
with live steam before entering the State,
in order to prevent the introduction of the
dreaded Morelos orange maggot "into Cali
fornia. l -
There are several live topics for discus
sion: Brainerd L. Rowley will deal with
the export fruit trade and export pack
ages; William H. Mills Is announced to
make an address on "Economics of Pro
ducts and Their Influence Upon Fruit
Growing of the World"; John Markley of
Geyserville and Professor Frederick - T.
Bioletti of the State University will con
sider the re-establishment of California
vineyards.
The advantages of combined action
among the fruitgrowers and methods to be
adopted to extend the market, are allotted
considerable time. At the opening of the
first session President Ellwood Cooper
will deliver an annual address; President
Benjamin Ide "Wheeler of the University
of California and William H. Mills will
also speak at the same session. In the
afternoon of the first day a review will be
made of the year's fruit shipments, to
gether with consideration of transporta
tion, marketing of fruit and fruit pro-
ASTORIA. Nov. • 27.-Oscar Lauri. 14
years old. while oiling the machinery at
the Astoria box factory to-night, was
caught in the shafting. The revolving
shaft threw the boy into the air. whirling
him around at great speed. One of the
lad's legs caught In another piece of ma
chinery and was torn from the body. .The
boy Is still alive, but his death Is mo
mentarily expected.
Victim of Frightful Accident.
STOCKTON, Nov. 27.— Final arrange
ments for the funeral ceremonies of the
late Thomas Cunningham differ slightly
from those first announced.' It has been
decided by the committee to have the ob
sequies at 10 o'clock on Thursday morn-
Ing from the late residence, 1009 North
El Dorado street, under the auspices of
the Masons. The committee telegraphed
to all of the Sheriffs of the counties of
this section of the State, the wardens at
San Quentin and Folsora prisons, and the
Chiefs of Police of San Francisco. Oak
land and Sacramento to attend and act
as honorary pallbearers. Last evening
Attorney Levinsky. on behalf of the Bar
Association and those in charge of the
funeral arrangements, sent out about
sixty telegrams to Sheriffs and other
peace officers throughout the State an
nouncing the death of the veteran peace
officer and asking them to be present at
the" obsequies. The great majority of
those addressed announce that they will
be present. 'Indications are that the
funeral of Thomas Cunningham will be
the largest ever witnessed in Stockton
the State Are Asked to Be
' Present.
Peace Officers From Every Section of
PLANS FOB, FTTNERAI, OF
THOMAS CUNNINGHAM
The railroad company's attorneys say
they have tried in vain to have several
of the men brought to trial, as their in
nocence of the charges could readily be
proved. The trainmen declare that they
are frequently imprisoned without trial
on the slightest pretexts.
In the jail at Guaymas at the present
time are Engineer Charles Smith. Con
ductor Langworthy. one American brake
man and two Mexican brakemen: in jail
in Nogales, Sonora, across the line, are
Engineer Jefferson, Conductor Budge and
Brakeman Rochin: at Magdalena are In
carcerated an American engineer and a
brakeman.
The trouble comes from the custom of
the Mexican authorities in arresting train
men whenever an accident occurs to a
wayfarer. The southbound passenger ex
press is the onlv train that has left for
Hermosillo and Guaymas for several days
and that was managed by Master Me
chanic Johnson in the place of the regu
lar engineer. :-
NOGALES. Ariz., Nov. 27.— For several
days there has been almost a tie-up on
the Sonora division of the Southern Pa
cific. On Friday all the engineers run
ning Into this port from the south refused
to pull a throttle in the Mexican State
of Sonora till their comrades now lying
In Mexican prisons be released.
TRAINMEN OBJECT TO t " „,
ARRESTS BY MEXICANS
Traffic on the Sonora Division of the
Southern Pacific at a Stand
still.
"Washington — . Macbirnle, New
Whateom. Jar closure: George L. Brad
ley, Pataha City, cultivator; John Rand
all. Gate, shingle jointer.
Pensions Issued to-day: California-
Original— John Smith. San Jose, $S; James
L. Pearson, Lodl. $12: Abram S. Chalfln,
Los Angeles. $6; Philip Kehres, Alameda,
$6; Enos Page. Soldiers' Home, Los Ange
les. $5. Original widows— Annie Horton,
dead, Stockton, $S; minors of William
Horton, Stockton. $12. War with Spain,
original — Ernest A. Kuver, San b ran
cIpco. $6. • I
Oregon— Original— John W. McCpllum,
Hay Creek, IS; Jonas Swenson, Port
land. -«6.
Patents Issued to-day: California — John
Browcr. Oakland, machine for forming
composite blocks: Ira P. Clarke. Alameda,
separator and amalgamator: "Walter Dun
can, assignor one-half to A. H. Hedley,
Los Angeles, under reamer; Ned Hall and
(>. P. Gray, San Marcos, handcar driving
mechanism: Arthur W. Harrison, assig
nor one-half to W. A. Fruhllng. Los An
geles, electric battery: Taylor W.
Helntzelmen, Sacramento. grate bar;
Peter H. Jackson. San Francisco, floor
sidewalk, or the like; David Kilpatrick,
Los Anceles. fireproof structure: Augus
tus C. Massey, assignor one-half to M.
McDonald, Los Angeles, axle for railway
or road vehicle: N. McMahon. San Fran
cisco, hook and eye; Walter H. B. Miller.
Oakland, reproducing type or the like;
Tony C. Phillip?, assignor to G. H. Ful
ler. San Francisco, roll paper holder:
Joseph St. .Mary, assignor to G. M. Ma
honev, San Francisco, steam trap; Paul
J. Stuparlch, producing photograhlc
mounts.
Oregon— Harry L. Keyte, Merlin, typo
case.
Washington— F. J. Pinery. Big Lake.
Skagrlt County. \ie« John Gray, resigned.
The postoffices at Sanger and Taylor.
Cal.. will become Presidential on January
1 and the salaries of the postmasters will
be 11000 each.
Postmasters appointed: Oregon — Sanford
Skinner, Mohawk, Lane County, vice M.
M. Hammett, resigned.
WASHINGTON. Not. ZT.-Postmaster
commissioned: Oregon— John M. Perry,
Moro.
and Patents Granted.
Postmasters Commissioned, Pensions
INTERESTS THE COAST.
ducts; Colonel H. Weinstock will tell of
the season's operations of the California
Fruit Growers' and Shippers' Association;
William B. Gester of Newcastle will re
port concerning tho marketing of Califor
nia fresh fruit in the East; R. D. Stephens
of Sacramento will make the report of the
committee on transportation, and an ad
dress by Alden Ard^rson of Suisun will
be heard on the topi< , "The Necessity for
an Improved Exped'ted Freight Service
for Eastern Fruit Shipments."
The programme for-Wednesday, the sec
ond day of the contention. Includes the
general topic of "Organization and Co
operation Among JProducers. Foreign
Competition, etc." .sudge II. G. Bond of
San Jose, president of the California
Cured Fruit Association, will open the
discussion with an on the ad
vantages of co-operation. He will be fol
lowed by -Colonel pThllo Hersey of San
Jose, whose theme w.'ll be "Advantages of
Co-operation from a Packer's Stand
point." A. H. Nsiftzger of Los Angeles,
president and general manager of the
Southern California- Citrus *, Fruit Ex
change, is announced to close tho fore
noon session, his address being on "The
Needs of Co-operation, Transportation,
etc." Wednesday afternoon the proceed
ings will include an address by J. W. Nel-
Eon of th» California Fruit Canners' Asso
ciation on "From Orchard to Table, from
a Cannery Man's Standpoint": an address
by Isldor Jacobs on "Future Trade Possi
bilities in Canned and Dried Fruits"; de
ferred discussion concerning organization,
markets and marketing, and the reports of
committees.
Thursday forenoon will be given up to
the raisin industry. T. C. "White of Fres
no, treasurer of the California Raisin
growers' Association, and Alexander Gor
don of Fresno will be the speakers. Co
operation among raisin-growers and the
Raisin-growers' -Association and its bene
fits from a grower's standpoint are their
topics. In the afternoon the protection ol
the fruit and vine interests, national anc
State legislation, the re-establlshment of
vineyards, the suppression of fruit pests
plant diseases, etc.. will engage the atten
tion of the delegates, the speakers being
Professor Bioletti. John Markley. Alex
ander Crawford and the county Horticul
tural Commissioners of tho State.
Friday will be one of the most interest
ing days of the week. The pollination oi
fruits, fruit tree stock?, adulterated foods
and their influence upon the produqtive in
dustries of the State and the almond anc
walnut industries will receive attention
also the export fruit trade, export fruli
packages to increase trade and establish
confidence; the apple, citrus and ollv<
industries. Brainerd N. Rowley will rea<!
the opening paper. C. H. Rogers of Wat
sonville will discuss the apple: Presldeni
David Starr Jordan will talk on "Hybridl
zation and Selection": George C. Roedinf
of Fresno on "The California Smyrna Fij
on a Commercial Basis"; Luther Burbanl
of Santa Rosa, J. T. Bogus of Marysvillt
and Frank Linnell- or Orangeville 01
"Stocks for New Fruit Creation."
A feature of the convr-'lon will be ai
exhibition of fresh and prepared fruit!
and fruit products in commercial pack
ages, for the purpose of showing pro
ducers how to pack for the Eastern am
European markets. There will also b« ex
hlbited a variety of horticultural appli
ances, picking baskets, spraying appa
ratus. packing presses and models of frui
grades. This sort of exhibition is commoi
in the East in connection with conven
tions of fruit producers. A very inter
esting convention is expected.
B. N? Rowley is chairman of 'the com
mittee on arrangements and exhibits; R
D. Stephens of Sacramento, chairman o:
the committee on programme, and W. J
Hotchklss of San Francisco, chairman o:
the committee on rules and regulations.
Programme for Twenty-Fifth Annual Convention Is
Full of Live Topics Concerning Their Industry.
VALLEJO. N>r. r.-Atrahara Golden has
r*»n found ru!!ty cf rrar.d larceny. H* stole
Sy<9 r'vJ-Ss of capyer wire from the Bay Coun
ties Fo»tr Company and was arrested by Napa
OFFICERS AXD MEMBERS OF COMMITTEES WHO HAVE LABORED SUCCESSFULLY TO PREPARE A PLEAS
ANT AND PROFITABLE PROGRAMME FOR THE TWENTY-FIFTH ANNUAL SESSION OF THE CALI
FORNIA STATE FRUIT GROWERS' CONVENTION TO BE HELD IN THIS CITY.
VICTORIA. Nov. 27.— Elder Eugene
Brooks, Zlorlte and leader of the Dowle
faith healers in this city, and W. W.
Maltby. a carpenter, who Is a member of
the faith healers' church, were Rrrested
here this afternoon and charged with
having caused thp death of the 3-year-old
son of Malt by. The arrests took place at
the close of an inquest over the body of
the child. The evidence showed that the
little one had died of diphtheria, and in
the opinion of several modical men. In
cluding Dr. Faran, superintendent of tho
Iioard of Health, he could have been
saved had a doctor been called in. The
father of the child stated in his evidence
that he would not have called a doctor
under any circumstances, as he did not
believe in them.
The death of the son of Maltby oc
curred on Friday last. The child had been
ill for pome days, and the father and
motl".«r had called In the elder, who
prayea over the child. Notwithstanding
the prayers the Infant died. Letter the
father went to Dr. Hall and asked him to
come to the house. The doctor found
That the child had died of diphtheria, and
he notified the sanitary officer, who quar
antined the house. The father that night
applied for a burial certificate, which was
refused by order of the Mayor and an in
quest asked for. This was concluded this
afternoon and a verdict was brought in
charging the father and the faith healing
leader with having caused the death of
the child.
There is much feeling against the faith
healers here, for this is the third death
that has occurred through refusals to call
in physicians. On Sunday, when an open
service was held, a number of people
bombarded the elder with over-ripe eggs.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Diphtheria and the Failure
to Call In Medical As
sistance.
Physicians Attribute Its Demise to
LITTLE CHILD DIES UNATTENDED
Coroner's Jury * Accuses
Zionite Leader and One
of His Converts.
ELDER BROOKS
UNDER ARREST
FOR MURDER
upon her. This was claimed to be a bo!i
bid for money.
Despite this showing, the jury discred
. lted the witnesses for the will, which
Fives the. entire estate to the rich old
brother. Judgo Rust will be asked to eet
the verdict aside.
Thr outcome of the contest has caused
a sensation because of the prominence of
the persons who are loft in the position of
having wrn»«iy influenced the old man
while ne was of unsound mind.
JACKSON, Nov. 27.— Several prominent
citizens have been placed In an awkward
position by the outcome of a will caso
just decided here. Gustave Boicb*?-
ETaln, an old Frenchman. died at
lone, leaving a S30W estate. By
the terms of a will that was filed one-half
was beQUPathed to a brother in France.
Krncst 1>. Boichegrain. fc2 years old.
and the other half to Banker J.
W. Surface. £>r. A. L. Adams, one of
'-ii* leading physicians of this county and
iate Democratic candidate for the Assem
bly, and Mr. Mayes. the hotel -k^per. The
\rul was contested by the brother.
At the trial it was shown that the local
beneficiaries wore friends of the decedent;
That he had not heard from his brother In
ten years and had no other relatives, and
thst his brother was very rich. Several
rrominent citizens testified to the sanity
of Bolchegratn at the tim<» the will was
made, but throe witnesses for the contes-
ant swore that on one occasion when they
met Boichegrain he was not of sound
mind.
It was shown that cne of the contest
ant's principal witnesses had written to
Mr. Surface, asking that he come to
Stockton and see her before the'trlal. add
ing that If he did she rnijrht. not be there
when counsel for the other fide called
Ej>ecl*l Dispatch to The CalU
Contest Results in the Setting Aside
of tlie Will of an Old French
man Naming 1 Them as
Beneficiaries.
JURY DECIDES AGAINST THEM
Verdict Places Prominent
Citizens in Awkward
Position.
SENSATIONAL
WILL CONTEST
AT JACKSON
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL,r WEDNESDAY, NOVEMBER 28, 1900;
FRUITGROWERS OF STATE
ARE READY TO ASSEMBLE
According to the accepted story Jacob
Zemansky put up $2500 against an equal
amount offered by a San Francisco sport,
whose Identity has not been revealed.
Zemansky, so the story goes, believed
SACRAMENTO. Nov. 27.— There was a
footrace this afternoon at East Park, a
suburb of this city, . concerning which
there is a good deal of mystery. The
sports who backed It appear to believe
that they are bound to secrecy.
that he was groins to get the "double
cross" on the race, and that the racer,
one Hennessey, was standing in on the
play. To avert such an unhappy contin
gency Zemansky took out his revolver
and .fired a couple of shots over the flee
ing sprinter's head. .
The shooting had the effect of Injecting
such an amount of ginger Into Hennessey
that Zemansky won the stake. Zeman
sky admits the shooting, but other sports
declare that the sum said to have been
put up on the race has been exaggerated.
a Foot Racer as Aid to Speed.
Sporting Man Sends Bullets After
PAGES A FAKING
SPRINTER WITH GUN
Stockton and Fresno May Each. X<os4
One Company Becausa of Poor
Showing.
STOCKTON. Nov. 27.— Stockton is Ukely
to have but one militia company in the
near future. Companies A and B. National
Guard of California, which are the oldest
two In the Sixth Regiment, and which,
perhaps, were more famous In bygone
days than any in the State, may be con
solidated. Assistant Adjutant General
Hay will report recommending th» con
solidation as a result of his Inspection
of Saturday night. He Is said to have ex
pressed himself as disappointed at the
showing made.
Colonel Johnson admits tha't he has
been called to Fresno on Friday by Brig
adier General Muller. at which time tha
situation will be discussed. Companies
C and F. of Fresno, also may be reduced
to one company because of a similarly
poor showing. Th!3 shaking up will no
doubt cause much. consternation and sur
prise In Xatiopal Guard circles.
THBEATEJJBD SHAKE-UP
IN NATIONAL GUARD
Valley Improvement Club has begun In
earnest the work for a Greater San Jose
and to advertise the resources of Santa
Clara County. At the meeting of the club
last evening arrangements were made for
opening a "Santa Clara County Bureau"
In Los Angeles. Information of the city
and county resources will be distributed
and an attempt made to turn a. number
of tho Eastern visitors this way. The
through line along the coast will be fin
ished the first of the year, and a general
boom In this section Is expected. Thou
sands of Eastern visitors winter in Los
Angreles and the Improvement Club ex
pects to attract many of these.
The club decided to work for an exten
sion of the city limits', taking In about
15.000 population of the suburbs.
A committee was appointed to aid the
local Odd Fellows in obtaining the home
now at Thermallto for San Jose.
to Establish a Bureau in
Los Angeles.
SAN JOSE. Nov. 27.— Tb.e Santa Clara
BOOMING THE GREATER
SAN JOSE MOVEMENT
Santa Clara Vallsy Improvement Club
3
Price 25 cents. AlRnigglsts, or sent post
raid on receipt of pric«. DR. PAUL DE
rORD. 175 N. Eprtsc St.. Lo» Angeles. CaL
Men and Women
CHOULD USE DAMIANA BITTERS. THE
cr**t Mexican remedj: rives health and
*trerj;U» to sexual orgin». Depot. IX* Market.
OVER 300 PERMANENT CURES IN SAN-
FRANCISCO, some after 40 rears of Buffering:
many of th» most prominent business men on
this Coast (rom( you know), who may be inter-
OwM by those who rufler. THE TREAT-
ment is faultless. results aru
lasting, no surgert. dilatation,
ligature. carbolic acid. salves,
cautery oil hindrance from busi-
NESS?. For further particulars address Plir-
ICIAN. Box I3S0. Call O3c«, S. F. CaL Cut
thim out. Write to-day.
If ail th? peopla In th» United States.
Canada and Great Britain who make
dally i^<5 of Stuart's Dyspepsia Tablets
rould be assembled togetner it would
make an array that would outnumber our
army of one hundred thousand by at least
iive to one.
Men and women who are broken down
in health are cr.ly a part of the thousands
who use this popular preparation: the
preater number are people who axe in fair
health, hut who know that the way to
keep well is to keep the digestion per-
fpci and use Stuart's Tablets as regularly
as meaJ-time comes to Insure rood diges-
tion and prep<rr assimilation of food.
ftcrastKn is always better than cure,
nr.'l disease ran find no foothold If the
digestion is kept in good working order
v»y the daily use of Stuart's Dyspepsia
Tablets.
Mr. Thomas Seale, Mayfield. Cal.. says:
'"Have used and recommended Stuart's
Tablets because there Is nothing like them
to keep the stomach right."
Miss Lelia Dlvely. 4627 Plummer etreet.
Pittsbure. Pa., writes: "I wish everyone
to know how grateful I am for Stuart's
Dyspepsia Tablets. I suffered for a long
tine and did not know what ailed me.
1 lo!=t flfsh right aJong. until one day I
noticed an advertisement of these tablets,
and immediately bought a 50-cent box
at the drug store. I am only on the sec-
ond box and am gaining in flesh and
I have at last found something that
r/.as reached my allmf-nt."
From Mrs. Del. Eldred. Sun Prairie.
Wis. : "I was taken dizzy very suddenly
ftstteg the hot weather of the past sum-
mer. After ten days of constant dizziness
I went to our local physician, who said
my liver was torpid and I had overheated
my blood. He doctored me for two weeks
without much improvement. I finally
thought «if Stuart'p Dyspepsia Tablets
'which I had used long before for various
bad feelings) and the first three tablets
helped me.
"They are easily the best all around
family medicine I ever used."
Thf army of people who take Stuart's
Tablets are mostly people in fairly good
health, and who keep well by taking them
r*-jrularly after meals. They contain no
opiates, cocaine or any cathartic or in-
jurious drugs; simply the natural peptones
and digestives which every weak stomach
larks.
Stuart's Dyspepsia Tablets are sold by
druggiFtP everywhere In the United
Ftatrs. Canada and Great Britain.
Tho Anny In the Philippine Insigni-
ficant Compared With This One.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
THE ARMY OF HEALTH.
I At the Head
Of all materials for Gen-
eral Cooking —
l"Ko-Nut"
g A Sterilized Cocoanut Fat
I Fop Shortening
I and
1 Frying
j2 it has no equal. Our word
i for it, and all others who
gj know.
g Ask Your Grocer or Write
I India Refining Co.,
B Philadelphia.
Hersey Serge i
Overcoat Sviit
Our store is filled with money-saving opportunities. We !
I always save you more or less on a suit or overcoat — by this,
we mean that our prices are always less than the usual retail
I prices for goods of like quality, and at special sales the j
1 prices are less than our own usual low prices. This j
j happens to be one of these times.
In overcoats we have a black kersey, with a ve>vet !
j collar and excellent linings, that is a distinct saving at the
sale price, as we sold the overcoats at $10.00 previous. to i
selling them now at -
$6.95
Then there is a box coat in three stylish shades of covert \
I — tan, olive and brown — that we have sold for $12.00 and 3
satisfied many customers with them at the price; we hap- \
pened to have too many of the coats, so marked trlem down to. \
I , $7.5O 1
I Among our suits, a value that stands pre-eminently in
the foreground is pur union-made ten-dollar blue serge, which,
is the most popular suit we ever sold at^the price; the making ;
is first-class in every respect, the material is all-wool fast i \
blue serge, the styles are correct — well, we guarantee the
suit— if you would rather have your money returned than
keep the suit you can have it; besides, if you keep the suit
j we will keep it in perfect repair free for one year; it is a
good investment at the price —
Boys' Top Coats
Boys' all-wool top coats, made of a fin;, soft-finished material, \
Thibet by name; for toys from 4 to 12 years old; coats have many ' *
features that make them stylish— velvet collar, four rows of stitching on IS
the bottom of coat and sletve*. vent In back, as Is found In men's over- "
coats; the coats are, each
Baseball outfit fres with every boy's suit or overcoat. :
Automobile coats, made of covert, satin lined, to order for little girls 1
from 3 to 13 years of age; price $10.
Out-of-town orders filled — write us. ]
sMVooiHfp
i 718 Market Street. ii13S»»t. FIRST RACE— Six furlongw; gelling; maiden two-year-old flllles; purge, $350.
.CLEVER MIDDLEWEIGHTS WHO WILL CONTEST TWENTY ROUNDS
BEFORE THE NATIONAL. ATHLETIC CLUB ON FRIDAY EVEN-
S^ ING IN MECHANICS' PAVILION.
Man and His Coin Missing.
John E. Jones, a United States marine,
has been missing for several days and
the police are looking for him. According
to the Information furnished' the de
tectives Jones received a draft for $500
from his people in England a few days
ago . and Is ; supposed to . have . had this
money on his person when he disappeared.
Foul play Is suspected. • " '
Claims Settled in Full.
WASHINGTON.. Nov. 27.— The State De
partment received a ¦ cablegram to-day
from United ' States Minister Hunter at
Guatemala City announcing that he had
Just received from the Honduran Govern
ment a draft for $10,000 American gold as
indemnity for the killing of Frank Pear*.
The killing occurred at San Pedro Sulu In
May, \1899. and the Indemnity is the full
amount of the claim set up. A settlement
might have been reached earlier « but for
some differences between -the claimants
themselves.
Canal Project Advocated.
PORTLAND, Or., Nov. 27.— E. II. Lib
bey and, John Adams of Lewlston, Idaho,
met with the Chamber of Commerce this
afternoon to consider the matter of open-
Ing the Columbia River' to free\navlga
tiori.\.The particular project to engage at-,
tentlon was' a canal at the dalles -of the'
river. It was resolved to ask Congress to
change the plan of improvement from a
boat railway,, for which an apporpriation
of $250,000 has already been . made, to a
canal ; and locks, t<* cost about J 1,000,000.
Inasmuch *. as the ¦ Idaho men have started
the movement at -this time. It was asrreed
that the : Idaho delegation -should present
the. subject before Congress and that the
members of Oregon -and Washington
would be urged to support the measure.
Mallard Ducks Plentiful.
WOODLAND,; Nov. 27.— Since the storm
mallard ducks are reported to be flying
ln : myriads in the Sutter County marches
near Knights Landing. On Monday, hunt
ing parties killed 100 birds to the man.
One market hunter killed fifty in less than
an hour. Many Woodland sportsmen are
preparing to spend Thanksgiving In tho
tules. ¦ ' ¦ • •¦¦'...
To Wrestle for Championship.
CHICAGO, Nov. 27.-Paul Pons, the
French wrestler, who arrived' in New
York a few days ago, accepted a' challenge
to-day for a match with J. J. Rooney," the
VGiant Gripman" ,of Chicago, i'for, the
championship of the world' and, a Bide bet
of $1WV),.-The contest -will 'be held In the
Coliseum the nieht of. December K).
Pay , Twenty-Five Cents
and get a pack of highest quality playing cards,
having our American heroes' faces on the court
cards. Just like other cards in every other re
spect — practical and easy to read. New and
novel. Malt-Xutrine De.pt.. - Anheuser-Busch
Brewing Ass'n. St. Louis, Ho.
Acting as a Profession.
Professor L." Du Pont Syle lectured at
the Hopkins Institute yesterday on act
ing as a- profession. He did not enthuse
over it. but said there were great things In
store for the really talented. He said the
women are handicapped at first by the
cost of a wardrobe, which, he said, would
come to $1200 or more; but he added that
women are as a rule better paid than men.
He recommended a thorough course in a
good dramatic school to all aspirants for
honors histrionic. ,. .
P.x and • haJf furlong*, selling — I'hlers won,
W'rte Barnes »eocnd. The Gwrer third. Time.
Alile anfl a sixteenth, selling— Flag of Truce
won. Winter pe«-cnd. Ida L«edford thtrd. Time,
!:Mi*.
Rlx furlong*— Trinity Bell won. Glenwoo«i
*er<jn<J. Grandon third. Time. l:*S l fc-
Plx furlong*, mlling— Agitator won. Iv>rd
Frarer second. [4KT I^each third. Time. 1 :!*>¦;.
Five furlor.jr*— Orrie Goan won. Sam P. Coch
ran second. McMar.us third. Time. i;M\.
One mile, tiellinc— \\ ine l»reES won. Momen
?uri «teeond. Nearest third. Time. 1:4>.
CINCINNATI. Nov. 27.-At Newport to
day the weather was clear and the track
heavy. Results: • •
Mile and a Blxt'fnth— On«»ck Queen won.
GrxJfrey second. Evelyn Byrd third. Time,
1:53.
Seven furlor.ps. selling— Mii>* Hanover won,
*Veaa fer-ond. I>eclmal third. Time, 1 :.*,2 3-S.
f >ne mile and seventy yards — Asqulth won.
BMwifh *«Tor.d, Martbert third. Tim<\ 1:51 2-5.
Plx furlonr»— Ortenta won. Sadie S Eeoond.
Blue Skin third. Time. 1:1*.
Five furlcnt»— The Ftoirue won, Zooalde sec
ond. Obltc^l third. Time. 1:04.
WASHINGTON. Nov. 27.-At Bennings
to-day the weather was cool, the track
heavy and the attendance good. Results:
Handicap, *lx furlonrs— Klnnikinnlc won.
Huttrilopoehtll wcond, I>eath third. Time,
1:17 1-5.
Race Courses.
Results at the Bennings and Newport
ON EASTERN TRACKS.
£=™qHE fast California bred
I Blue compelled Fred Cook's
i crack John A. Morris, the flying
JJ^ Texan, to dip his -colors In token
of defeat at Tanforan yesterdav
and then with the wire only a few yards j
away was in turn nipped and beaten out
by Kddle Jones. It happened In tb«
fourth and most interesting of the six
numbers on the programme. Under the
conditions John A. Morris (his first ap
pearance) carried 97 pounds and True
Blue 94. Gibraltar figured among the
over-night entries, but Sam Hildreth
scratched his horse, possibly scenting
easier game in sight. As the local horse
was supposed to be Letter conditioned he
enjoyed the honors of favoritism, closing
at 7 to 10. There was 2 to 1 in plenty about
Morris until Fred Cook left the block to
play him. which caused a general "swipe"
all around; then 8 to 5 was the very best.
The result of the. race, which was over
seven furlongs, was not entirely unfore
seen by some of the mere experienced and
long-headed ones.. From the start the
two choices went away at a heart-break
ing • clip and It was evident something
mu.«t snap. Opposite the paddock th'J
Texas bred horse had enough and True
Blue, which had made the runnlne and
had answered every call of Coburn's,
looked the winner. In scanning the hori
zon, though, for more Morrises Cobuin
failed to look over his left shoulder, and
before he knew it Wedderstrand ha/1
brought Eddie Jones up from the rear
and was at his saddle skirts. . True Blue
again responded gamely, but too late, the
rank outsider getting over the line first
by a neck. .The time. 1:27*;. does not mark
a fastly run race, hut the track was far
from being fast. While It must be ad
mitted that the favorite was tired care
lessness on the part of his rider contrib
uted largely to the despised one's vic
tory.
The winner, coupled with First Tenor,
was a 12 to 1 shot in the betting. This
race should put John A. Morris on edge,
and True Blue wil: be very busy when
next the pair meet.
It seemed to be an afternoon of close
finishes. Sea Uon Just did beat out Dr.
Bernays. and Tappan lost to Morinel by
a scant head. Three purses fell to fav
| oritf-s.
Roundhead, a IS to 1 shot, with H.
Shields in the paddle; was never headed
in the opening sprint for maiden 2-year
old fillies. Princess Titanla. the favorite,
ran second, in front of Thracia.
In • an exceedinely close* -finish, John
ny Schorr's Sea Lion, well rid
| den by J. Miller, got the verdict over Dr.
i Bernays on the la*t stride. The winning
I horse went to the post favorite, and cut
out the running the whole trip. Donator
! was third.
; Mat Storn's game little mare Morinel
had Mounce up In the mile and a sixteenth
run. and 6 to 5 was the best ever laid
against her. After getting out of a pocket
on the back stretch. Mounce moved early
along with o]d Tappan and in a long, hard
drive ("cured at the wire by a" head. None
Such, a 300 to 1 shot, ran into the show.
Garnet Ferguson picked up his first
purse at the meeting with Aloe, winner of
i the mile selling affair. The colt was s»ee-
J ond choice In the ring, and going to tho
I front right after the start was never In
| difficulties. Campus, the favorite, finished
strong, easily downing McNamara for
place honors.
A plunge was made on Our Lizzie to
take the final Fprlnt. which she did after
pettlnsr away from the post none too well.
High Hoe ¦was messed about considerably
or she would have given the Eastern mare
a much stronger argument at the close.
Track Notes.
Mat Storn. the widely known horseman,
who counts his friends by the score, is
confined to his home in" this city danger
ously ill. . •
Billy Connors, one of the quickest
money handlers on the 'block, now con
nected with Joe Rose, the bookmaker, ar
rived from Chicago Monday night.
Wedderstrand and Mounce divided the
paddle honors, each riding a couple of
winners.
The books laid 3Q to 1 against None
Such finishing In the show.-
J. Miller rode a nicely timed finish on
Sea Lion. ,
The Judges did not like the ride Pedro
Enos put up on High 'Hoe in the conclud
ing event, questioning the Jockey closely.
It is understood the race will be thor-
The negro was literally shot to pieces,
fully. 200 bullet- holes beinjf found In his
body. The body was brought Into town
and p!ae«yl in front of the Courthouse
»«*e. where It was viewed by hundreds.
LAKE CITY. Fla.. Nov. 27.— Spencer
Williams, a negro, was shot to death near
this city to-day by a rriob. Williams, who
recently arrived here from Pensacola, last
night shot and dangerously wounded City
Marshal Strange and William Strickland,
a buFinep* man of this city, while resist
ing arrest. As soon as the news- of: the
fhootlnp became known citizens armed
tneropelves, and forming aiposse, followed
the desperado on horseback and on foot,
and overtook him to-day In a swamp.
While Resisting Arrest He Had
Killed the City Marshal and
a Business Man.
NEGRO SHOT TO DEATH
BY A FLORIDA MOB
Mr. Bowles will have the distinction of
being the youngest officer who ever held
the title of rear admiral, such bring the
rank of chiefs of bureaus of the Navy De
partment.
WASHINGTON. Nov. 27.— President Mc-
Klnley will appoint Naval Constructor T.
Bowles as chief constructor of the nan-.
to pucceed Hear Admiral Hichborn. who
will retire on March 4 next. Mr. Howies
It now on duty at the Brooklyn Navy
Yard. He holds an enviable position In
the am tee and his selection is regarded
as particularly fortunate.
Mr. Bowles was born in Springfield.
Mess., on October 7. ISjS. and was the first
member of thf construction corps to grad
uate from the Naval Academy. His nota
ble achlovemfnts have beon the construc
tion of th»» battleship Texas and the
cruiser Raleigh in the Norfolk yard and
the development of that yard Into a first
class naval station. From Norfolk Mr.
Bnwlep was transferred to New York.
March He Will Become Chief
Constructor.
EOWL.ES TO SUCCEED
ADMIRAL HICHBORN
Upon the Retirement of the Latter in
Michael Joseph Conboy, philosopher,
opera critic and sergeant of police, at
tended the fights given at the San Fran
cisco Athletic Club last night, and when
festivities ceased he voiced the opinion
that there waB more fun watching "ama
teurs pummel each other than listening
to some spaghetti fellow throw his voice
among the audience at the Grand Opera
house." Sergeant Conboy examined the
gloves throughout the evening to see that
none of the boxers put horseshoes within
the padding for luck, and during his
leisure he passed expert opinions on the
contestants.
JackKrellng was given the decision and
a silver medal for winning his four rounds
with Jack Cordell. In the bout between
"Kid" Krelling and Al Snelder. Krelllng
won In one round. Sneider received a
smash In the face, and he devoted his
time to spitting out teeth. He quit when
the bell sounded. Hugh Friel and "Kid"
Haley, fought a draw. Ed Devlin, a youth
with twisted lamps, made short work of
Jeemes Sharkey, a tall lad with a prom
inent "beak." The knockout came in the
second. Tom Floss and a woolly colored
fellow named Duke, who was a picture of
Walcott, fought four vicious rounds.
Floss was given a decision, but he did
not deserve it. Pete Magee and George
Carroll put up the best fight of the night.
Magee -won with straight left Jabs. His
opponent, however, kept him busy. It
was a close decision. i-'-ti; . . . ,
"Deacon" Jones and Ah Wing furnished
the merriment. They pummeled each
other for four rounds, and the fighting
was so close that an extra round was
called. It was declared a draw, much
to the "Deacon's" disgust. He mad« a
protesting speech and was showered with
silver by his admirers. ( Wing proved a
wily Chinaman, clever in a way,' and able
to take a punch. He was sent down re
peatedly from heavy rights, but arose and
fought back viciously. His queue bothered
him considerably. s until Alec Greggalns
wound it around hip neck.
The programme concluded with a hot
four-round battle between Dan Reagan
and Billy Kelly, the latter winning by a
narrow margin.
Amateurs Pummel Each
Other for Cheap Trophies
and Glory.
SILVER MEDALS
THEIR REWARD
CHICAGO, Nov. 27. — FVantlc efforts are
being made by shorts caught In the Phil
lips corn corner to swamp him with grain
on the last day of the option. The way
in which they hope to down him and get
themselves out of a tight place Is by re-
Inspection of this week's receipts, which
have been graded No. 3, one grade too
low to pass as contract. '
"There will be big deliveries on Friday,"
said Charles Slade, manager for Counsel
man & Co., "and lots of corn which will
be reinspected will pass at No. 2. At a
time like this, when there is a corner on.
the inspectors are scared, and to be on the
safe side they grade corn No. 3 # where
there is any question about it at all.
knowing that if they are wrong supervis
ing inspectors will go over It and give the
right grade,"
"They won't get a car of it graded up,"
said Phillips, when he was told of the new
tactics of the shorts. "When there is a
corner on there Is always a big demand
for reinspection, but it never amounts to
anything." -
"On account of the corner we?, are get
ting about double the applications for re
inspection which we receive normally,"
said Edward J. Noble, supervising In
spector. "Four times out of five, certain
ly three times out of four, the supervising
inspectors uphold the previous inspec
tion." - ,
Another scheme which has been evolved
for the purpose of swamping Phillips is
the purchase and shipment to Chicago of
corn which was sold by the Pattens In
Buffalo and Montreal when they went out
of the deal in October.
Fifty-one cents marked up on the board
to-day was a new high price in the No
vember deal. Phillips came into the pit
early and lifted the price from forty-nine
cents, where It opened. Between fifty and
fifty-one cents he unloaded 200.000 bushels
his total sales for the day being 240,000
bushels. As he is selling corn bought, at
thirty-six cents, his day's transactions
netted him a profit better than $25 000.
Other days this week are said to have
been equally profitable to him. To-day's
close was fifty cents. Big foreigners, who
it is said constitute the short interest
are still hanging on stubbornly. Predic
tions are freely made that the last day of
the deal will see November corn quoted at
seventy-five cents. ¦ • - . ¦
"This deal differs from others." said
Phillips to-day, "in that I have, handled
it by myself. Allthe buying and selling
has been done in the open pit, and I have
hired no- brokers to hoodwink the crowd.
I have known all along how blj? the short
interest was and who was short. They
have known also how much corn I had
The contract corn in Chlcapo is about a
million and a half bushels. The Inspection
sheet to-day was again a disappointment
to the bears, showing only 87,0*) bushels
transferred from private to public ele
vators. Only fifty-seven out of 92C cars
arriving to-day were No. 2.' and only 130.000
bushels of contract No. 2 corn were added
to the total in Chicagrt.
Shorts Caught on Corn Seek
to Get Reinspection of
Grades.
TRYING HARD TO
BREAK PHILLIPS
ougrhly investigated, the officials possibly
thinking Our Lizzie too Rood a thing-.
The sal© of yearlings at the Occidental
Horse Kxchange last eveninp was largely
attended by horsemen. The Sonoma
stock farm yearlings brought the follow
ing prices:
Ch. f., by Trentola-Catallna. J100, P. .Archi
bald; Salmo. ch. f., by The Judge-Miss Ix>u,
$100, J. Kitchen: ch. t., by Dare- Mischief, J45.
M. O'Dea; Coallnga, ch. f., by Trentola-Con
ptanre M, 155, A. Johnnon; Oranrsla, ch. c,
by Eolo-Ontella. $105, W. Murry: Trentgold.
b. c, by Trentola-Marlpold. tno, E. Lanlgan;
Discovery, br. c, by Trentola-Mystery, 1225, W.
Murry: Alpheus, b. c, by Trentola-Arethuaa,
$150. J. Smith; b. f., by Del Xorte-Rebecca,
J200, A. Vauchn.
Following these thirteen yearling^ from
the Xapa stock farm were led Into the
ring. The prices obtained were as fol
lows:
¦B. c. by Eolo-Phoebe F, 170. L. D. Neuman;
b. f.. by The Judge-Umatllla, $50, L. de Boyerj
b. t., by Imp. Crighton-Antrocha, 140. O.
Bronaueh: b. f., by Raveleton-Border L&sale,
$43, J. Pratt: ch. c, by The Judge- Makawao,
$150, B. Fennell; br. f., by Puryear D-Mls*
Douglass II. $70. F. Merrtwether; ch. c, by
CrelKhton-Vlelllcht. $100. B. Schrelber; blk. c.
by General Miles-l'iquante, $100. G. Bronaugh;
ch. c, by Cre*fchton-Fatlma II. $230. C.-Mackey;
ch. f., by General Mllen-Meta II, $75, W. San
born; ch. f., by St. Carlo-Folly, $50. A.Rooker;
blk. f.. by General Miles-Sweet Peggy. $195,
P. Archibald: ch. t., by General Miles-Bridal
Vail. $80, S. P. Tate.
Following are to-day's entries:.
(Copyrighted. 1900. by A. W. Martin. All rights
reserved.)
First race— Six furlongs; three-year-olds and
up; selling:
1343 Monda V* 1341 Iy>st Girl 104?
13SS Gllssando 101 1348 Naples 104
1336 Anita B.... 101 1102 Rraalbra 107.
13M Doublet 101 133ft Antolnetta 101
1152 Royal Prize. ...10-! 13S2 FavoritO ....... 89
1378 Decoy 99 803 Juva 104
Second race— Five furlongs; two-year-olds;
Billing: • • ¦
1365 Sad Sam 97 .... Quiz II.. 1W)'
1198 Ada N 97 1399 Prct<8 TItania. 97
.... Fondo 97 13fi5 Scr'well Lake.. 97"
1385 Bernota. 97 1361 Lily Dlinrs 97
1335 Scallywag: 97 1395 Galanthus .....97
1379 Birdie Stone.... 97 1341 Klngstelle 97
Third race — Six furlones; three-year-olds and
up; celling: ' • , ¦
1378 Alas ...101 1242 Lodestar 104
1366 Montanus Ill 13S3 Pilot 99
1382 Pupil 10.1 917 Diomed 10*
(lSS4)Maxello 106 1373 Novia 110
1333 A'amAda 106 '1163 Ella Boland.... 99
13S3 The Singer 101' ,
Fourth race— Mile and an eighth;'three-year
cldp and up; Newmarket Stakes:
1393 The Lady. 110 1393 Gold Or .....113
(1393)Wooster Boy.. .110 1393 Herculean 97
Fifth race— Seven furlongs; three-year-olds
and up; selling: : , . .
1267 Hiram Johnson.KMl 1390 Gauntlet .......112
1391 Wyoming .. 10!» Sprung 10+
1371 Sir Kingston.. .104 1400 Duckoy 104.
1370 Alorella 104 1SS2 Mitten 104
1334 Edgardo ..1<H HOO The Buffoon. ...101
1371 Boundlee 104 1360 Tlng-a-Llng ...104.
Sixth race — Six furlongs; maiden two and
three year olds; selling:
....Bob Palmer. 1 ... 102| J... Golden ..103
.... Argregor .1OT| .... Haralamb ..'....103
....Continuous 1051 ¦, ..
Probable Winners.
First race— Decoy. Monda, Royal Prize.
Second race— Sad Sam, Screenwell ¦ Lake,
Quiz II.
Third race— Klla Boland. Novia. PupiL
Fourth race— Wooster Boy, The Lady, Her
culean.
Fifth race— Mitten,' Sir Kingston, Sprung.
Sixth race— Golden, ' Haralamb, Bob Palmer.
Eddie Jones Catches the Two Cracks, Win
ning at a Fancy Price.
BY IF 1 . E. I^XJU.IIOXjlL.A.KrnD.
Time — H. :25: H. :«9%: %. 1:15*4. Good start. Won ridden out. Second and third driving.
Winner, W, H. Ketcheman'B br. m. by Imp. Cavalier- Vim. Winner ran out through the
ptretch. carrying Hoe with her. Enos was in. alt sorts of hard luck on baekstretch. Mike
Rice showed improvement. Midlore no account. Scratched— Onyx 114, Hohenlohe 117.
Naples 114.
pany Captain Matsue on his inspection
tour.
H. Keizumi, superintendent of the Yoko
hama warehouse department and chief
accountant In the Japanese Custom-house,
is also a member of the party. He 1» on
his way to France to investigate custom
house taxation.
Torajire Watase. a member of the
Higher Imperial Industrial Council, ia to
make a tour of the Eastern cities, paying
special attention to agricultural develop
ment, and he will also spend some time
in "Washington Investigating horticulture.
Watase is editor of the Japan Agricul
turist, counselor of the Central Agricul
tural and Commercial .Association, and a
member of the Tokio City Council.
Captain Takenouche is on his - way to
Paris, where he goes as naval attache to
the Japanese legation there. The party
will make only a short stay here, after
which they will go direct to New York.
A distinguished party of Japanese naval
officers arrived In this city yesterday on
the steamer Nippon Maru. While In San
Francisco they will make their headquar
ters at the Palace. Their trip to this
country is one of considerable Importance
as they ard under orders to inspect some
of our modern war vessels, and, provided
satisfactory terms can be made, to nego
tiate for the construction of one or more
gunboats or cruisers.
Captain T. Matsue is assigned this mis
sion and from the United States he ex
pects to go to London on a similar er
rand. Japan is now having four-flne tor
pedo boat destroyers built in England and
these will be officially Inspected by -the
captain.
Commander K. Taroada. constructor In
the Japanese naval dock yard, will accom-
14O1. SIXTH RACE- Six furlon**: selling: four-year-olds and up; purse. $350.
Time— M .r.Vi; H. :50V. %. MSH\ mile. 1:4:?;. Good start. Won easily. S~ond and
third 'driving. Winner. T. O. FerRUson'e br. c. by imp. St. George-Ijeve*. Alee had the
ri pM of the party. McNamara ran his race. Durkoy stopped and won't do. Campus came
fa^t at the close. "Scratched— Tom C^IvertlKV ; A1eadnwI^arkl0&. <
JAPAN SENDS NAVAL OFFICERS
TO INSPECT 01R BATTLESHIPS
Party of Distinguished Officials Arrive Here on Nippon
Maru With Orders to Negotiate for New Gunboats.
1 1OO. FIFTH RACB-On* mtl»: Ft-lling; three-year-olds and up; purse. J350.
Time— V, :12H: %. :24H: %. 1:01: %. 1:27%. Good Fiart. Won first three driving. Winner,
Hums & \Vat«>rhou«>e'8 b. h. hy Morello-Karly-Rose. After Morris had cashed ln.Coburn on
Hlue failed tn prcelve Eddie Jones In time to stall off his rush. Rlue should have won.
Race will key Morris up. Scratched— Ordnung W, Forniero 107. Gibraltar 107. 'Coupled with
Kddie Jones.
!:$!>!». FOURTH RACE— Seven furlong*; four-> car-olds and up; purse, $400.
the Soldier and the latter has no affection
for the local man. Both have been
anxious to try conclusions in the ring and
they will be given an opportunity on Fri
day night. A victory means a great deal
to George Green. He has trained faith
fully at San Rafael and will try hard to
defeat his husky opponent.
The ex-soldier has trained at the Six
Mile House and is reported to be in great
fettle. He has rested for nearly three
months and he declares that he will enter
the arena In better condition than he has
been heretofore. That Green Is a danger
ous opponent is evidenced by the way in
which the local middleweights have shied
at making a match with him.
Thre© splrtndid preliminaries will be pre
sented. "Indian Joe" Gregg and' Charley
Hawley are matched to battle six rounds.
The bout should be full of action. Pet©
Recconi and Charles Thurston will fight
ten rounds for a decision, and Joo Sulli
van and George Watson, two youngsters,
will meet in a ten-round bout.
p-*i#"«"^IIE quiet "tip" Is out in sporting
I circles that "Green will win" the
I main event In Friday night's fistic
il contests, to be presented in Me
chanics' Pavilion by the National
Athletic Club. To tbose who ere acquaint
ed with the abilities of the two contest
ants, this information is not surprising.
That "Green" will be victorious is a cer
tainty. Either George Green or "Soldier"
Phil Green must be declared a victor If
the bout goes the limit, as the articles of
agreement expressly state that there must
be a decision.
The familiar expression, "When Greek
meets Greek, then comes the tug of war."
has been paraphrased by "Bogle" O'EKm
nell, who Bays that when "Green meets
Green, then comes a rough-house." His
view of the coming contest is that taken
by many followers of the popular game of
hit and get away. ¦ George has no love for
Middleweights to Do Battle Before the
National Club Friday Night.
Tim«> — 1-16 ":0«H: 5-16. :81\i: 9-1S. :57>4; 13-16, 1:23%: 1 1-I6m, 1:4!»4. Good ptart. Won first
thrc^ drii-lnjj. Winner. M. Storn'F b. m. bv Morello-Sunlit. Winner badly cut oft on far
turn. She cutRamfd Tappan. Track suited None Such. Osmond won't stay. Too far for
JJngle these days".
1388. THIRD RACE-One and a sixt«-enth miles; four-year-olds and up; purse,. $400.
Time— 1*. :26>4; H, :52; \. 1:1<H: mile, l:«tf. Good start. "Won first three driving. Winner,
J. F. f chorr's b. h. by Imp. Deceiver-imp. Sea View. Overconfldence on Coburn's part lost
race for Bernars. He was best. Donator outfooted first part. He went the Ions way.
O«tl«>r ran w*-ll for a ploce. Flohn likes mud. Scratched— Mitten 96, Lost Girl 105, Impe
rious inr>. 'Pullf-d up. ¦ • _^
1307. SECOND RACE— On« mile; selling; throe-yrar-olds and up; purse, $350.
STANFORD UNIVERSITY. Nov. 27.—
An ovation which for its burning enthusi
asm and determined attitude has never
been excelled at Stanford was tendered
to-night to the men who will represent
the cardinal in the annual gridiron match,
with the University of California next
Thursday. The name of each member of
the team was cheered to the echo by the
twelve hundred students and alumni who
crowded the ground floor of the Assembly
Hall. Especially cordial was the recop
t-ion of "Stub" Raitt, the valiant quarter
back, who left a bereaved home five days
before the game in order to be with his
team in the big match. At the mention of
his name tho assembled throng rose to its
feet and for a minute the air was full
of cardinal caps and bunting.
Frank Slaker of the University of Chi
cago, the new fullback on the .cardinal
eleven, and Captain Burnett, who lias
BhQwn rare grit in the practices of the last
few days by playing with a badly sprained
knee, were almost as enthusiastically
cheered.
The programme consisted of speeches
by the alumni, members of the faculty
and team- Professor Burt Estes Howard
was the first called upon. His remarks
were full of humor, and his portrayal of
the revelations made from the heavens
to the members of the Berkeley team to
"use sarsaparilla for that tired feeling"
brought down the house. Charley Fick
ert, captain of the victorious team of '90,
gave an estimation of the comparative
strength of the two teams, and save it as
his opinion that Stanford should win by
a small score. "Jack" Reynolds and Dr.
"Jule" Frankenheimer, halves on the '95
team, Chet Murphy, captain of last year a
team and Quarter for four years, who
have bten coaching the team, , all testi
fied to the excellent condition of Yost's
squad and thought that the cardinal
should win on form. Trainer Murphy said
that the men were physically competent
to make the fight of their lives and would
be trained to the 1 hour. Coach Yost and
President Jordan were both unexpectedly
called away, but left messages of en
couragement for the assembled crowd.
A monster bonllre on the ' campus,
around which the students, headed by the
university band, circled in lockstep, closed
the demonstration.
Coach Yost put the cardinal football
squad through two signal practices to-day.
Tne lirst took place this morning at 10: JO
and the second this afternoon at 3 o'clock.
The men are quick, precise and full of
ginger in their work, and in this even
ing's practice the team showed varsity
lorm. The backs were oft together and
Quarterback Raltt in the interference was
in the best of form. The gritty little
passer has fitted himself into his old po
sition with remarkable alacrity.
"Barring sprains and bruises • the 'men
are in good condition." said Trainer Mur
phy this evening. "Leo and Burnett have
badly sprained knees and it is hard to
tell how -long they will bear up under the
strain of the big game. I>e Forest Is in
condition again and will give a good ac
count of himself."
After the men finished signal practice
this evening Coach Yost expressed himself
as being satisfied with the form of the
team. There have been no changes made
in the end places and they will be filled by
McFadden and Cooper. The center posi
tion is doubtful, McFadden, junior, being
in better condition than Lee. However,
If Lee recovers from his sprained knee
he will go in the line-up as originally de
termined. Right half is still open and lies
between Erb and Smith. Yost will not an
nounce who will draw the coveted honor
till the morning of the game.
Yost has consented to the selection of
Ralph Hoagland. a former Princeton sub
stitute, to act as referee of the big game.
W. B. Goodwin, Yale '88, will be umpire.
Hoagland was accepted upon the recom
mendation of Stagg and Dashiel, two
famous Eastern experts.
BERKELEY, Nov. 27.— Three candidates
of the available varsity material for left
end are laid up with injuries. The only
man left for this position uninjured 13
Williams, the freshman end. He was
given the varsity signals to-night and will
be coached for the big team.
Contrary to • expectations the eleven
played a hard practice game this even
ing. Dibblee, substituting for Hudson nt
left end, had his ankle badly sprained.
Premo, playing the same position on tho
second eleven, was laid up with an in
lured knee. Both men were badly hurt.
Hudson has been out of the sramo since
Saturday owing to an injured arm.- It is
very doubtful whether he will play Thurs
day.
To-night's injuries, coming in quick
succession, have put two good men off tho
substitute list. Williams will be coached
for end. He has not been playing with
the varsity and does not know the signals.
That the coaches are doubtful whether
Hudson, Dibblee or Premo will be able to
take part in the Thanksgiving game is
shown by the manner in which they have
rushed Williams into line.
Williams ia a good man and played a
hard game with the freshmen, but he
lacks experience. The sudden loss of both
the nicked man and substitutes has
greatly weakened the left end.
The general condition of the men is
good. A few nre still suffering from in
juries, but they expect to be all right by
Thursday. -
Captain Pringle's knee is greatly, im
proved. He went through the signal prac
tice with spirit. Hudson's left arm is bad
ly wrenched and the muscles bruised. Al
though he went through the signal prac
tice to-night, in his present condition he
is unable to stand a heavy game. Trainer
George Hufferdine is giving Hudson's arm
every care possible and hopes to put him
in j the field Thursday in good condition.
Smith, right-half, has been below weight.
He is a hard man to keep conditioned.
During the last few days he has been
resting and evidences of staleness are be
ing overcome.' Although he will plav un
der weight in the big game ho will get
up nearly to his old form. The injury to
More's knee has proved to be slight. He
is punting as well' as ever. Clay has re
covered from his bad cold. : .
Professor ' W. E. Magee, director of
physical culture at the State University,
said:
"The physical condition of our men is
pood. Judging from this I can seo no rea
son why we should not win. The game Is
a guess, with our chances as good as
Stanford's." *>
"We have' a : good chance to win." said
Graduate - Manager Reno Hutchlnson.
"Our men have been playing a good,
strong game. ..With -the line doing the
work it has been our backs will be able
to advance the ball."
Colonel George C. "Edwards said: "We
have a good chance for Thursday's pame.
If -the boys go into it with the fighting
spirit we should win. The result depends
on how .our men go on to the field.
California Is Crippled at the
Last Moment in the
End Position.
A PECULIAR SITUATION
VICTORY IS
CLAIMED BY
BOTH TEAMS
« 1
Coaches of California
and Stanford Are
Confident.
CHICAGO. Nov. 27.— Tommy Ryan of
Chicago, defeated Kid Carter of Brooklyn
in Pix rounds at Tattersall's to-night be
fore a crowd of j<KX) people. Ryan had the
better of the milling all the way. with the
exception of two intervals in the first and
second rounds, when Carter sent him
to the mat with right swings. Carter was
l>eaten fearfully about the head and face,
and although he went the limit, he fought
The last three rounds without knowing
much about what he was doing t-xtept
that there was a man la front of him.
whom he had to hit. He fought gamely
to the last, and his Fiiperior weight and
ptrer.Rth were a. heavy handicap to Ryan.
The Utter, however, was much too clever
for Carter, and Rot inside nearly every
swing he miide a:id blocked three out of
five blows that w.-re sent to his body.
George Siler awarded the purse to Ryan
amid loud cheers from the crowd, the ap
plause being fully as» much for the game
uoy from lsmoklyn as for the victor.
The match was at 158 pounds, the men
w.ighing »n at <i o'clock. Both men were
under weight, although Carter had six
pounds the better of it when they entered
the ring. Before the fight began it was
announced that on December 31 Jo«? Gans
and Terry McGovcrn would fight in Tat
tersal!?. the men to weigh 133 pound.** at
7 o'clock. The match is to be under
straight Quecntborry rules. Gans agreeing
to stop McOovera in six rounds or forfeit
the decision.
Morris Rauch of Chicago and Kid Mc-
Fadden of San Francisco came together
fit 115 pounds. McFadden forfeiting for
being over weight. He looked about eight
to ten pounds the heavier of the two.
They went six very fast rounds, the de
cision being given to McFadden.
Harry Harris and Clarence Forbes, both
of Chicago, fought at 118 pounds. Even
monev was offered on Harris, with no
takers. Forbes wa.« given the decision.
It was close, the fighting having been
even throughout.
It was the first decision ever piven
against Harris, and the crowd received
It with mingled cheers and hoots.
The seml-windup was between Jeff
Thorne of Bngland and Jack Beacholtl of
Chicago at 160 pounds. Thorne was given
the decision after two minutes of light
ing Beacholti having injurod Thorne by
a blow below the belt. Beacholtl apolo
gized after delivering the blow. Thorne
was fjuite severely injured, and it was
three minutes before he was able to walk
from the ring.
REFETtEE IS HISSED.
Decision Rendered in Yanger-Corbett
Fight Not Popular.
DENVER. Nov. 27.— Benny Yanger, the
"Tlpton slasher" of Chicago, and Young
Corbett of Denver fought a ten-round
draw before the Colorado Athletic Asso
ciation to-r.ijrht. The decision was very
unpopular, and Referee Jack McKenna
was hissed by the entire crowd as he left
the ring. Corbett floored Yanger seven
times during the fight and was himself
down once.
In the eighth round Yanger went to the
floor from a right swing <>n the Jaw and
pot up very groggy. Corbett went In to
finish him and j>ut him down four times
more, each time for eight seconds, but
he was himsr-'.f so tired that he could not
land hard enough to knock Yanger out.
Tanscr recovered Ptrenpth by the time
th* ninth round bepan and foupht hard
until the end. although his blows laciced
the usual steam. With the fxception of
the eighth round, when Corbett had all
the better r>f it. Corbett broke even with
Yanper anil finished in as good condition,
neither being very strong, a result of
their hard lighting.
Ruhlin and Maher Matched.
PHILADELPHIA. Nov. 27.— Gus Ruhlin
end P«*ler Manor were to-day matched to
fight fix rounds before the Pennsylvania
Athletic Cluh in this city on December 15.
The men will battle for CO per cent of
the props receipts, with a guarantee of
53500."
Fight a Draw.
ONfAHA. Nov. 27.— Perry Queenan of
Chicago and Younp: Peter Jackson fought
twenty round? to a draw here .to-night.
Latter Was Terribly Beaten About
the Head and Face, but Gamely
Managed to Stay the
Limit.
Gains the Decision Over Kid
Carter in a Fierce .
Fight,
TOMMY RYAN
IS THE WINNER
Justice of the Peace G. W. F. Cook has
assailed the provisions of tho charter
under ¦which his successor wa3 elfcted at
the last election. Judge Cook filed suit
yesterday to restrain the Board of Elec
tion Commissioners from issuing certifi
cates to either of the five Justices of the
I'eace who received the highest number
of votes at the last election. The Justices
wnose positions are thus Jeopardized are
Thomas F. Dunn. G. C. Groezlnger. H. Ij.
Joaehlmsen, John R. Daniels and Percy
V. Lonsr. Upon th^ flllnK of the suit
Moses G. Cobb and W. H. II. Hart, who
represent the plaintiff, went before Judge
Hunt,«to whom the case was assigned tor
trial, and reauested the issuance of a
temporary restraining 1 order. Judga Hunt
refused to Issue the Injunction, however,
and a new tack will be taken by Judge
Cook.
In hi3 complaint Judge Cook sets forth ,
that he was elected under the act or
March 21. 1893. at the election of Novem
ber. 1S98, to hold office for four years.
The provision of the charter providing for
his removal from office and the election
of a successor to the same for terms dif
ferent from that provided in the act to
establish a uniform system of county
governments. Judge Cook allies Is un
constitutional. It is also asserted that
the recent election was not held under
a proclamation issued by the Governor,
as provided by section 1053 of the Political
Code. For these reasons he asks that a
permanent injunction Issue restraining
the Election Commissioners from qualify
ing the Justices-elect.
Claims He Was Elected for Four-
Year Term and Cannot Be Re
moved by Operation of
the Charter.
Asks Injunction Restrain
ing Qualification of His
Successor.
COOK SEEKING
JUSTICES' SCULPS
THE SAN FRAInXJISUO UAJLi,, WKDWESDAY, NOYEMBEK 28, luOO.
GREEN MEETS GREEN
IN THE PADDED RING
J OHN A. MORRIS AND TRUE
BLUE MEET WITH DEFEAT
TAJTPORAN PARK. TUBSDAT. NOVEMBER, 27. 1900— Weather fine. Track faat.
THE. CALL'S RAGING FORM CHART.
Time— 'i. :2T>H; 14. :W>'i: ».. 1:17%. Bad start. Won easily. Second and third driving. ™m
ner. T. HuKhos & Co.'n b. f. by Puryear D-Mlss Cromwell. Winner seems to nave spens
of *p*cd. Titanla no world beater. Son:>ro * w 8yP"2*2>'-££™^5^r^
4
I J.Po.1
[tripxinnrsr, Agr. "U"plKht.|PstjSt.
Vt-
%•
Ktr.
Fin. I
I Jockeys. I
, Betting v
I Op. HI. Cl. PI.
1273 Our Mzzlf. E 114 8 4
iir/0> iHlehlloc 5 114 & 6
i:-«2 jMtke nfoc. a 114 9 7
1373- Swe»t Caporal, 4.114 4 3-
ir<<2 |u Mascotta, a.. 114 2 2
•-70 iAntloch, 4 106 6 9
1173 iMIdlow. 4 114 3 5
1270 II Don't Know. a. 114 7 8
IJ'Sl iFonsavannah. 5.. 114 1 1
1 U
7 h
4 tt
2 1
5 V,
9
3 4
8 h
6 h
1 5
5 h
3 M
* 1
6 h
TV*
'i h
9
% 1
1 2
2 H
3 4
4 2
5 1
7 2
«.*4
g ¦
9
1 1
2 1
3 h
4 3
5 4
61 .
•72
8 1
9 |:
Wedderst'd
Knos
Fallehy
J. Daly
J. Woods....
J. Waldo....
McDonald ..
Tullett .I...
|E. Jones
8-5 . 8-5 9-10 1-S
8-6 7-2 3 1
15 20 20 7
15 30 20 • 8
6 12 12 i
10 SO 60 15
6 8 8 3
10 B0 30 13
12 15 15 6
• Po.
Index Horse. Age. "Weight. Pst St. H. 4- Btr.
1233 Ale*. 3 «> ~ 5 11 11 13
1S«O Campus. 4 108 42 61 51 3 3
.... McNamara. 3 SMS 7 8 2 h 34 2 '4
1SS8 'Duckoy. 3 PS 97 3h 21 4 5
1391 IPoti Luis. 5 1W 6 6 7 l'i 7 1 f. 1
7*14 (Win Fay. 8 96 3 9 9 9 5>4
ISS8 iLa BoTftla, 3 9&I 1 1 * « 4 (Hi 7 1
13SS !The nuffoon 3... 961 54 52 63 88
ira jMacFlgoknoe. 3..96J2 3 44 4«4 9
Fin.
1 1^4
3 *<<
4 3
5 6
6 1
7 «1
S 10
9
I
j;
I , Bettin* »
I Jockeys. Op. Hi. Cl. PL
Mounce 7-2 4 7-2 1
F. KPlly.... 2 16-5 16-5 1
Domlnirk ... 6 6 6 8-8
C'oburn 2 17-5 17-5 6-3
Vichfry 15 2S 15 , 8
K. Matth'ws 10 20 20 7
Stuart 1" 10 10-4
1.1. T. Woods 12 30 25 12
Ha. naly..... 20 60 60 20
I liPo.1
Ind^xJHorse. Age. WelRht.i'PRtlSt. V*. H- Str.
Fin. Jockeys. I Op.
— Bettlnc ,
HI. Cl. PI.
(13.S1) (Eddie Jone?, 8.:.. 99 33 31 82 3*
<1?,2S) tTrue Blu«. 6 9S 6 4 13 1 14 1 n
.... ! John A. Morris, 4. 87 11 24 26-24
13S9 ISoclallPt. 5 S7i 6 5 6 4 >4 4 10
1381 .First Tenor, 4... 97 4 6 5 Vi 5 2 54
I33S il^othian. 4 94 1 2|2 4H C fi
1 n Wedderst'd ; 6
2 1H Coburn 4-5
3 5 Domlnlck ... 2
4 12 Stuart 30
B 4 Ransch •
6 J. Wa 1 do.<. v . 80
12 10 11-5
1 7-10 1-4
11-5 8-5 " 1-S
70 60 10
• • 15
75 60 ' 20
I ,Po.
Index 'Horse, Age. Weight. Pst St. U. H- Str. Fin.
1£M» {Morinel, 5 107 2 2 4 •£ 4 h In lh
I338 Tappan. 6 K-~ 7 4 51 6h 2 2 24
3371 'None Such. 5 1OT 56 61 7 35 34
13T6 iDr. Marks, 6 1D7 67 32 31 6 1 42
1390 lOsmond. 4 107 33 22 21 63 52
1336 I Jingle .Tingle, 4.. 107 4 1 14 11 4h 65
1-94 iWhaleback. 4 ...-10T 16 7 B h 7 7
, Betting »
Jockeys. Op. Hi. Cl. PI.
Mounce .... 16-5 1 7-20
Kllcy 2 11-.1 11-5 1-2
F Kelly 30 300 300 60
J. Woods.... 20 100 100 23
Wedrlersfd 4 6 6 8-5
Coburn 6 12 10 5
Fallehy IS 40 25 10
I |,p o j ~ " , Betting >
Index ' Horse. Agre. Weight. ifstlSt. U. H- Str. Fin. Jockeys. Pp.; HI. Ol. Fl.
13S9 ,Fea Lion. 4......112~T1 1~H Tz TTj 1 h J. M!l)«r.... 2 2 8-6 1-2
(1S91) (Dr. Bernays. B....105 37 (4 U 22 25 Coburn 8-5 11-5 2 3-5
<133S) Donator, 5 10S 16 7 62 4V43H Mounre .... 4-662
U3CS) Ostler Joe. a 10S 54 44 3h 3% 42 McDonald.. 8 15 15 6
13M Plohn. S 104 4 5 6 1 6 V, «' 5 4 J. Walsh.... 6 12 9 3
13X3 Iriirt Call. S JOS 73 21 In 5 % 6 IVeddersfd 10 12 12 4
138S [Acrobat. 5 107 2^ 1 3 H * Alexander .. 20 100 1<» 30
I |Po.(
Index iHorse and Weight. iP^t St. %.
1223 Itoundhend U3l 3 3 11
11SS Princess Titanla...lir. 14 3 2
Thracla. 10.". 2 2. * V*
1323 I^icora 115 4 1 4 '-4
1329 I El Sonoro .\13 7 5 6 2
13S4 Missel 107 6 7 7 3
1S:>:. Miss Hunny 115 5 S 8
3300 jphotauay 10:. 8 6 6 2
%. Str. Fin.
12 12 12 :
2 V4 2 5 2 3 )
3 4 3 3 3 4
4 '* 4 3 4 4
5 6 5 4 5 5 !
7 3 65 65 :
•8 7 1 7 8 1
6 18 8 •' :
, BettlnK »
Jockeys. Op. HI. Cl. PI.
H. Shields.. 8 20 15 5
Farr^ll 5-2 5-2 9-5 7-10
Wcddersfd 10 12 10 4
.T. Woods.... 3 11-2 11-3 2
E. Jones.... 8-5 13-5 13-5 4-5
Knns 10 31 20 8
Pallehy .... 30 .60 60 15
Ouchanan .. ¦ 8 20 20 3
I J.Po.1
[tripxinnrsr, Agr. "U"plKht.|PstjSt.
Vt-
%•
Ktr.
Fin. I
I Jockeys. I
, Betting v
I Op. HI. Cl. PI.
1273 Our Mzzlf. E 114 8 4
iir/0> iHlehlloc 5 114 & 6
i:-«2 jMtke nfoc. a 114 9 7
1373- Swe»t Caporal, 4.114 4 3-
ir<<2 |u Mascotta, a.. 114 2 2
•-70 iAntloch, 4 106 6 9
1173 iMIdlow. 4 114 3 5
1270 II Don't Know. a. 114 7 8
IJ'Sl iFonsavannah. 5.. 114 1 1
1 U
7 h
4 tt
2 1
5 V,
9
3 4
8 h
6 h
1 5
5 h
3 M
* 1
6 h
TV*
'i h
9
% 1
1 2
2 H
3 4
4 2
5 1
7 2
«.*4
g ¦
9
1 1
2 1
3 h
4 3
5 4
61 .
•72
8 1
9 |:
Wedderst'd
Knos
Fallehy
J. Daly
J. Woods....
J. Waldo....
McDonald ..
Tullett .I...
|E. Jones
8-5 . 8-5 9-10 1-S
8-6 7-2 3 1
15 20 20 7
15 30 20 • 8
6 12 12 i
10 SO 60 15
6 8 8 3
10 B0 30 13
12 15 15 6
• Po.
Index Horse. Age. "Weight. Pst St. H. 4- Btr.
1233 Ale*. 3 «> ~ 5 11 11 13
1S«O Campus. 4 108 42 61 51 3 3
.... McNamara. 3 SMS 7 8 2 h 34 2 '4
1SS8 'Duckoy. 3 PS 97 3h 21 4 5
1391 IPoti Luis. 5 1W 6 6 7 l'i 7 1 f. 1
7*14 (Win Fay. 8 96 3 9 9 9 5>4
ISS8 iLa BoTftla, 3 9&I 1 1 * « 4 (Hi 7 1
13SS !The nuffoon 3... 961 54 52 63 88
ira jMacFlgoknoe. 3..96J2 3 44 4«4 9
Fin.
1 1^4
3 *<<
4 3
5 6
6 1
7 «1
S 10
9
I
j;
I , Bettin* »
I Jockeys. Op. Hi. Cl. PL
Mounce 7-2 4 7-2 1
F. KPlly.... 2 16-5 16-5 1
Domlnirk ... 6 6 6 8-8
C'oburn 2 17-5 17-5 6-3
Vichfry 15 2S 15 , 8
K. Matth'ws 10 20 20 7
Stuart 1" 10 10-4
1.1. T. Woods 12 30 25 12
Ha. naly..... 20 60 60 20
I liPo.1
Ind^xJHorse. Age. WelRht.i'PRtlSt. V*. H- Str.
Fin. Jockeys. I Op.
— Bettlnc ,
HI. Cl. PI.
(13.S1) (Eddie Jone?, 8.:.. 99 33 31 82 3*
<1?,2S) tTrue Blu«. 6 9S 6 4 13 1 14 1 n
.... ! John A. Morris, 4. 87 11 24 26-24
13S9 ISoclallPt. 5 S7i 6 5 6 4 >4 4 10
1381 .First Tenor, 4... 97 4 6 5 Vi 5 2 54
I33S il^othian. 4 94 1 2|2 4H C fi
1 n Wedderst'd ; 6
2 1H Coburn 4-5
3 5 Domlnlck ... 2
4 12 Stuart 30
B 4 Ransch •
6 J. Wa 1 do.<. v . 80
12 10 11-5
1 7-10 1-4
11-5 8-5 " 1-S
70 60 10
• • 15
75 60 ' 20
I ,Po.
Index 'Horse, Age. Weight. Pst St. U. H- Str. Fin.
1£M» {Morinel, 5 107 2 2 4 •£ 4 h In lh
I338 Tappan. 6 K-~ 7 4 51 6h 2 2 24
3371 'None Such. 5 1OT 56 61 7 35 34
13T6 iDr. Marks, 6 1D7 67 32 31 6 1 42
1390 lOsmond. 4 107 33 22 21 63 52
1336 I Jingle .Tingle, 4.. 107 4 1 14 11 4h 65
1-94 iWhaleback. 4 ...-10T 16 7 B h 7 7
, Betting »
Jockeys. Op. Hi. Cl. PI.
Mounce .... 16-5 1 7-20
Kllcy 2 11-.1 11-5 1-2
F Kelly 30 300 300 60
J. Woods.... 20 100 100 23
Wedrlersfd 4 6 6 8-5
Coburn 6 12 10 5
Fallehy IS 40 25 10
I |,p o j ~ " , Betting >
Index ' Horse. Agre. Weight. ifstlSt. U. H- Str. Fin. Jockeys. Pp.; HI. Ol. Fl.
13S9 ,Fea Lion. 4......112~T1 1~H Tz TTj 1 h J. M!l)«r.... 2 2 8-6 1-2
(1S91) (Dr. Bernays. B....105 37 (4 U 22 25 Coburn 8-5 11-5 2 3-5
<133S) Donator, 5 10S 16 7 62 4V43H Mounre .... 4-662
U3CS) Ostler Joe. a 10S 54 44 3h 3% 42 McDonald.. 8 15 15 6
13M Plohn. S 104 4 5 6 1 6 V, «' 5 4 J. Walsh.... 6 12 9 3
13X3 Iriirt Call. S JOS 73 21 In 5 % 6 IVeddersfd 10 12 12 4
138S [Acrobat. 5 107 2^ 1 3 H * Alexander .. 20 100 1<» 30
I |Po.(
Index iHorse and Weight. iP^t St. %.
1223 Itoundhend U3l 3 3 11
11SS Princess Titanla...lir. 14 3 2
Thracla. 10.". 2 2. * V*
1323 I^icora 115 4 1 4 '-4
1329 I El Sonoro .\13 7 5 6 2
13S4 Missel 107 6 7 7 3
1S:>:. Miss Hunny 115 5 S 8
3300 jphotauay 10:. 8 6 6 2
%. Str. Fin.
12 12 12 :
2 V4 2 5 2 3 )
3 4 3 3 3 4
4 '* 4 3 4 4
5 6 5 4 5 5 !
7 3 65 65 :
•8 7 1 7 8 1
6 18 8 •' :
, BettlnK »
Jockeys. Op. HI. Cl. PI.
H. Shields.. 8 20 15 5
Farr^ll 5-2 5-2 9-5 7-10
Wcddersfd 10 12 10 4
.T. Woods.... 3 11-2 11-3 2
E. Jones.... 8-5 13-5 13-5 4-5
Knns 10 31 20 8
Pallehy .... 30 .60 60 15
Ouchanan .. ¦ 8 20 20 3
"Mlra Valle," P. Klein; Sauterne type, claret.
Grand Via. Depot 612 Geary street. •
ADVERTISEMENTS.
The day before Thanksgiving. i\
Who I
Needs [
I Ctll I
I COcLX f S
I Who can afford to be u
¦ without one? Who wants £!
H to risk his health" against.- g
H this wintery weather? B
H Everybody needs an H
¦ • overcoat, but everybody n
g doesn't need to pay a big
w price for one. )]
t\ Two typical Red Front t|
B specials ready, for thtf first S
I time, to-day — a sample of m
I the kind of prices which n
H made the Red Front fa- «
SPECIAL I I
OVERCOATS. 1
I A fresh, clean lot si
fl in all the newest $
B Some are loner and %
Sj heavy and warm.
h others are short and
B light and dressy.
H Some have velvet t
¦ collars. some are (
B plain, some silk- j
n . lined. some olaid
E- lined. \
S Too numerous to
B enumerate, too eood
n to pass by.
|l See them in the
E windows.
I SELLING
I STARTS TO-DAY.
$8.60
I anC *
$11.60
I Each.
I No use to pay more than Red \
I Front prices.
I '¦£$&££$** *¦
I 3jiS*r83f85??i;WIUI I
YOUR BOY
Would Appreciate Nothing
So Much as a
CLEVELAND
B1C YCLE
$35.00.
It Is Fitted With a
MORROW COSTER BRAKE at
JUVENILE BICYCLES— S20, $22.50, $25.
LEAVITT & BILL, k
309 Larkin Street . . . SAN FRANCISCO.
20 San Pablo Avenue OAKLAND.
57 South Second Street .... SAN JOStilFour things will be chief factors In that de
velopment: The maintenance of the "open
door": the construction of a trans-Isthmian
canal: the laying of a Pacific cable, and the
fofterlng of our merchant marine.
lts policy to preserve the open door, both for
commerce and Christianity, where relnvigora
tion of China, not revenge upon her is the
avowed purpose of our Government.
JOHN* BARRETT, the former United
States Minister to Siam. delivered
an address yesterday afternoon on
"Practical Oriental Trade Condi
tions" before the Chamber of Com
merce. The members present heard it
with gT«>at interest, and at its close gave
the speaker a rising vote of thanks.
Captain Charles Nelson, president of the
Chamber of Commerce, introduced Mr.
Barrett, who spoke in part as follows:
It is gratifying to find one's prophecies com
ing true, and it gives me great pleasure to say
that my wildest fantar'.es of former years re
garding Xhe future cf the Oriental trade hav«
b«vn more than Justified by tho trade develop-
Secretary Gage has notified Assistant
Treasurer Jacobs in this city" that the de
partment has suspended refunding opera
tions under the circular of March 14 1900
Inviting the attention of owners of United
States 3 per cent bonds of 1908-1S 4 per
cent funded loans of 1907 and 5 per cent
bonds of 1904 to the previsions of the act
of March 14, 1900. relative to. the exchange
of such bonds for 2 per cent consols of
1920. Notification Is given that bonds In
tended for exchange into 2 per cent con
sols of 1930 must be ; forwarded for : - that
purpose not later than December 31 - of
thie year.
Refunding Certain Bonds Suspended.
The present crisis at Peking Is the most Im
portant In the history of America's foreign re
lations. It ¦ will determine forever our rela
tions, moral and material, with one-third of
th<s active population of the world. Business
and religious organizations, merchants . and
ministers, should support the administration in
In Manila we will have to struggle against
the prejudices roused by the war, but that
prejudice can be overcome, as it was in Bur
mah by the English. I firmly believe that as
soon aa seace is established a great field will
be opened for legitimate .exploitation. There
ar« In thc*e Islands of 113.000 square miles only
ISO miles of railways. You know what rail
roads mean for the development ot trade
. The report that Russia will place a duty of
E0 cents per barrel upon flour brought lu at
Vladivostok 1b Important It Is fraught with
significance for the future, unless the cpen
door policy Is maintained. If all of North.
China should go Into the hands of the rtusslans
how in God's name could w keep them from
establishing prohibitive tariffs? We must
realize the Importance of keeping the entire
area of. China open to the commerce of the
world. •«
No man can eucceed In getting Oriental trade
unless he Is ¦willing to make a struggle •for It
Our opportunity lies mainly In studying the
field and discovering new lines rather than
competing In the old enterprise*.
If the time comes when San Francisco shall
become a free port It will give you a great ad
vantage in competition that you do not possess
now. I have heard men connected with gr»at
enterprises abroad express the hope that your
city would become a free port and predict great
trade development here In consequence of such
charse of policy.
Do everything you can to make your com
mercial museum practical. . You want to be
able to give accurate Information as to every
feature of the foreign trade, and if your mu
seum Is not practical to that degree It will
be useless.
An enterprise of first Importance to American
trade in the East Is the establishment there of
banks: not necessarily new Institutions, but
agencies of our great banking houses. I loo;:
forward to the time when our great banks will
have branches In the principal cities of China
and Japan.
Th« whole Oriental coast has a damn cli
mate, and goods sent there are oft»n not pro
tected against moisture, and In consequence
suffer damage. You must make a study of the
style of bundles and manner of packing de
sired. ; ,
You must not be discouraged by the condi
tions of war. When peace rules there will, be
a. thousand and on» demands and resources de
velcped of which we have no thought now. At
Shanghai J2t3O.(XiO,OO0 measures the trad«» of the
Vang-tse Valley with the outside world, and
yet Its development has only begun.
When you have a Held of trade before you
the question becomes one of methods to t>e em
ployed. Speaking to Individual firms. I would
say first, send out the head man of the firm.
The field must be considered not only as to
trade conditions but also along political lines,
and It takes a larsr- man to be equal t o it.
You must send a man who can get In touch
with the people, who will be welcomed at the
clubs end who Is able to meet public officials
and leafilns merchants on an equal footing.
The next fact to be remembered Is that the
product offered must be the thing wanted and
In the form, in the package, that U desired.
Those people are Intensely conservative and
will take a thing If presented la their way
and, will not take It In any other.
To consider the Philippine Question from an
entirely practical standpoint, take the Island
of Luzon alone. It Is twice as resourceful as
Java, out of which the Dutch have realized so
much. The Dutch have made a garden of Java
and the whole of Holland has been enriched.
In all of the Far East countries populations
are increasing. Those peoples have already de
veloped an annual trade with forelg-n nations
of f4400.ooo.noo. Onlj- a very small part of that
trade belongs to the United States. Yet we
are not shut off from it If we should enter the
fMd vi-orouslv.
The development of the flour trade with the
Orient has been a revelation to our people and
shows the possibilities in other lines. A few
years ago Kour was unknown, even to hl&h
class Chinese. To-day we are selling $5,000,000
worth of flour annually to the Chinese, and
have only scratched the surface.
ment of the last year. It is extremely grati
fying also to see now that not only San Fran
cisco but the cities of the East are deeply In
terested In the commercial possibilities that the
Pacific offers for the future.
FORMER MINISTER BARRETT DISCUSSES
PRACTICAL PHASES OF ORIENTAL TRADE
SOME OF THE HCCTDEXTS, OF
THE BREAK FOR LIBERTY
AT THE MAIL DOCK.
side assistance, both in forming the pla
and in guiding the strange Chinese fror
where they struck the street to safety i
Chinatown.
The Chinese were not long gone before
Customs officials, men from the Chinese
Bureau and employes of the steamship
company were after them. The steamship
company is penalized to the extent of $501
for every Chinese under detention who
escapes, hence a keen interest was taken
In the search. Captain Anderson, the
WHILE nearly one hundred
Chinese sang songs and made
night hideous with the help of
an Impromptu orchestra, a
few of the more daring pried
two boards oft the side of the detention
loft at the Mail dock late Monday night
and eight of the candidates for deporta
tion gained the freedom of the street by
means of a rope and an adjoining shed.
The escape took place eoon after Wil
tem Borreo went on watch at 11:30 Mon
day night- lie was on duty on the stair
way leading., up to where the Chinese
sleep and Matthew Somarl, an employe of
the steamship company, was on^duty in
the loft with tho Chinese, The'Chin-se
wtre making merry for some reason that
did not appear until later, when It was
found that while they raised riot two
panels in the wall of a closet had been
broken out, leaving a hole through which
the Chinese could crawl to the roof of the
wharf shed. From the shed on the other
Bide there was a rope hanging into an ad-
Joining yard and it was not hard to reach
the street from where the fugitives
dropped to the ground. It was very
feggy and once on the street they had no
difficulty in eluding detection, until they
were lost In the mazes of Chinatown.
It was not until the panels had been
pried off and the noise had ceased that
Somarl began to suspect something. Th»
Chinese had sought their bunks, but the
bunks usually occupied were empty and
so the watchman commenced to Investi
gate. It took him but a few minutes to
n"nd the broken panel and as soon as he
did so he called Borreo and together they
counted their charges. They were eight
short.
It was evidently the intention of the
wily Chinese to slip out one by one into
the small room with the broken panels
and then to scramble out on the roof of
the shed, over the ridge to the other side
or around by way ot a coal tramway
along the eaves to where the rope hung
down, then a drop to the ground, a climb
over a fence or two and into the street
and away. It was a well arranged plan
and there must have been plenty cf out-
These complaints were examined and in
vestigated by Immigration Comimtssioner
Powderly, and acting upon his recom
mendation. Secretary Gage ordered a few
days ago the summary dismissal of
Watchman Borreo and the appointment
of some other person in nis place. Borreo
was notified by Acting Couector Jackson
at 1 o'clock Monuay afternoon that he
had been dismissed, and that Mason S.
Blackburn, his successor, would report
for duty last night.
Government employes Interested in tho
Chinese exclusion act were in the habit of
visiting Chinatown. Borreo was seen to
pass a paper into a Chinese store and the
inference of the officials making the com
plaint was that Borreo was acting as a
paid messenger between the Chinese im
migrants in the detention shed at the Mail
dock and their friends in Chinatown.
Then the captain grot hold of two more
he was sure were of the eight and he
proceeded to take them along with him.
He was hailed by a friend on his wa>
down the street. "What's the matter?
sung out the frelnd. "I'm short a few
Chinamen down my way," the captain
called back, "and I'm making them up."
But he was wrong again, for both of his
prizes were men out on bonds to await
decisions in their cases. He is still on the
hunt, however, and it will not be the
fault of the captain, if he has not at least
his full number of Chinamen, If not the
or.es who escaped in Monday night's fog.
William Borreo was on his last night of
service alter his summary dismissal by
order of the Secretary of the Treasury
wben the Chinese escaped. Borreo's dis
missal was based on a complaint filed
with the Secretary^ of the Treasury by
Supervising Special Treasury Agent
Chance, who visited this city a few
months ag-o, and received an official re»
port that Borreo and one or two other
dockreaster, headed the hunt. He knows
every Chinese who has ever come into tht
city Dy way of the Mail dock and he was
sure he could find some, if not all, tha
escapes. He hunted through Chinatown
lor several hours and rlnally got on the
trial of a Chinaman he was sure he
knew. He chased him several blocks
and when he rinally hauled alongside he
round he had be*n chasing a resident who
was interested in the landing of a friend
and therefore had been visiting the Mall
dock.
Clever and Partly Successful Plan of Wily Chinese
to Escape From Durance Vile at the Mail Dock.
WHILE SOME RAISE RIOT
OTHERS SECURE FREEDOM
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, NOVEMBER 23, 1900.
5
ADVXBTISE-IZNTS.
co_oc i 2«_cnoES»oa©aosoeo_«_
0 o
O _*^^fe_ A
I .. Hnita Cream .. |
o is a cure for a!! discoloration* of the a
¦j skin. It docs not contain a single §
a ingredient that can possibly harm q
© the most delicate skin. It literally a
g coaxes a new. velvety, transparent •
a skin to the surface, thus removing q
© all blemishes. 3
o o
B Full information and a sample will r«
9 be sent for 2c pontaire. Anita Cream O
B -& Toilet Co.. 207 Franklin St.. Los »
J Angeles, Cal. g
casozGcc_o_9gtecc_on.Ba_o3
1
OR- JORDAN'S qreat4
OF flHATOMY#
a L$ i:n 1U-XCT ST. 'ce:. £_ sr_. S./.CiL i
_ i~"~ U. Cg V The Lcrpe»r Asitonical M u«eom te tl>« \
n -jLfJ^fJ World. We_ca«i«» or aiy eontra«ra 4
JC 1'lCfSCS <Ji»ei'epr^iH»rl7car»<n r theoUlMt V
fe, 1 KQjJL] »P*waii_tat_.Coe»t EitjiTtarv g
'} §&£*{ D3. JCaapJe-^Er? ATE DISEASES #
O i 1A\£ ' "•— nment ptrioniliy m bf letter. A B
\h Jlir ***•'"* C» r « u »e«'yc»scun<itr~kas. \
SFa II _^ Wrtetor Bnok. FBILO^OPnfvr 2
0 Si JiAnai.icjt:. mailed fxjs. <a»
A Q fo~ valuable book let tarn) ' \
jf PB^«mi^A^a_U<>^10M L Marttgt8t.,a F. £
DR. CROSSMAN'S
SPECIFIC MIXTURE
For the Cur; of Conorrhoea. Gleets!
Strictures and analogous complaints
of the Orftais of Generation.
Price II a. bottle. For eale by druggists.
GO B E_ I 0^ Lafiln A Rand Waterpro:
fj SglEI tmckel^fs 1'owder. In biJk
H f5 Of! mTiA :cad *d ln shells. SmJ
H rfH<S.K a - or <"at*:cfrue of tportln^
4—f _ H %_? *°°£*- «EO. %V. SllItEVE.
72* Alarket «U . . ' • ¦,»
AMUSEMENTS,
ftioROSCO'i GRAND 0PERA-R0U5E.
GRAU OPERA CO.
FAREWELL WEEK.
DER RING DES NIBElUiNGEN,
(Wam»r),
To-nlght, at 7M3, "SIEGFRIED"— Schumann-
Helnk, Scheft and Nordlca: Dlppel. Bispham,
Hlass, Hubbenet and Ed. de Reszke.
Conductor : Mr. Walter Damrosch
To-morrow night, at f:15 <by re-^uest)
•LA liOHf:.ME"— Melba. Scheff. Saleza. lilll-
Jcurnet. Dufriche. Maslero and Campa-
narl. Conductor. Mr. Manclnelll.
Krldav. at 7:30— "G<»TTKKl>AEMMERrNO"
•—Dlppel. Muhlmann and Ed. de rteszke: Susan
Strong. Schumann-Helnk. Scheff. Bridewell and
Nordlca. Conductor. Mr. Walter Damrosch.
Saturday at !. Farewell Matinee— "LA TRA-
VI AT A"— Melba. Van Cauteren. Bauermelster,
Campanart. Bars. Dufrtche. Gillbert and Cre-
ntonlni. Conductor. Mr. Manclnelll.
PRICES— $2 to $7. Branch Ticket Office Em-
porium.
Saturday evening. D«»cember 1— Extra Per-
formance— "LOHENGRIN"— Gadskl and Schu-
mann-Helnk, Van Dyck. Muhlmann, Dufriche
ami Bins*. Conductor. Mr. Walter Damrosch.
BPnciAL PRICES for this Performance— Or-
chestra and 3 Front Rows. Dress Circle. J5;
DreuR Clrrlf (last 3 rows). %\: Family Circle. $3;
Gallerv. 12: Boxes, XO. 125. $30; General Admls-
I Finn. SJ.
Punday. Dec. ?— Popular and Farewell Night.
••RIGOL.ETTO:"
Suranr.p Adams. F.auer. Bauernvelater. Van
Cauteren and Homer: Saleza. Journet. . GlHbert.
Dutrtche. Vlvianl. Masiero and Scottl.
PRICES— Jl. $2. $2 50. $3.
Boxes $12. $15. 119. General Admission SI.
WKHER PIANO USED.
GRAND O-*-" 7^ KOUf^E
MONDAY EVENING NEXT, DEC. 3.
REOPENING of the Dramatic Season.
FIRST APPEARANCE of the
OLIVER LESLIE CO.
Every artist direct from New York.
In a superb production of
THE PRISONER of ZENDA
First time at popular prices.
10c, ISo, 25o and SOc.
A few front rows ln orchestra. 75c.
SEATS ON SALE THIS MORXIXG.
Branch ticket office — Emporium.
fxtra Katinee Thanksgiving Daj!
LAST FIVE NIGHTS.
Augxtstln Daly's Laughable Play,
SEVEN-TWENTY-EIGHT
REGULAR MATINEES-SAT, and SUNDAY.
Next Week — David j Belasco's Charminr Jap-
anesa Story,
"MADAME BUTTERFLY."
THE SAN F^AN-ISCO JOCKEY CLUB,
TANFORAN PARK.
Initial meeting Monday. Nov. 19, to Saturday.
Dec. 1. Inclusive. Six or more races eaen we^k
day. Six stake events, one hurdle raco anJ
two steeplechar ea first two weeks. First race
of the day j at 2:10 p. m. Trains leave Third
and Townzend streets for Tan'oran Park at 7,
10:40. 11:30 a. m.. 1. 1:30 and 2 p. rn.. followed
after the last race, at Interval*, of & ?ew min-
utes, by several *peclal.«. "jsr.cars rei jr.-o*.
lor ladles ani their escorts. Admission t> t'.a
course. Including railroad fare. $1.2G.
¦¦..-.-. . r>. LYNCH PRINGLE. Secretary.
RALPH H. TOZER. Radwr SccretarT.
AMUSEMENTS.
MATINEE TO-DAY. WEDNESDAY.. NOV. H
Parquet. 23c. any seat: Balcony, 10c; Chil-
dren. lCc. any part reserved.
A VAUDEVILLE BILL WITHOUT A FLAW!
JULIUS P. WITMABK, DUPONT
AND LOTHIAN,
ANNE KENWICK. MALLORY BROTHERS
AND BROOKS!
THE GTVF.AT WALDON,
STELLING and REVELI* CONDITT and MO-
RE V. 11ARTINE BROS.. IONE
MaeLOUTH.
RPROIAL MATINEE
TO-MORROW. THURSDAY <THAN'KSGIVINX5
DAY). Tickets Xow on Sale'.-
I SPECIAL THANKSGIVING MATINEE
TO-MORROW— THURSDAY.
LAST NIGHT SAW A REPETITION OF
MO^DAY"S PACKED HOUSE AND
GItEAT RECEPTION.
...ALICE NIELSEN...
And the Alice Nielsen Opera Co.
Direction of Frank I* Perley.
THIS 1 TUC CINHlVfi RIPI
"DDK ' bt Herbert. Smith and Stance.
K \ TBE F0R1UNS TELUR.
AL.F ELLINGHOUSE Prop, and Manager
PHONE SOUTH 770
§ EVERY EVENING.
SPECIAL HOLIDAY
MATINEE TO 1PBR0W,
._. - .
Thursdpy.
The Magic Wonder.
HERRMANN
THE GREAT, accompanied
bv the <rr?at musical won-
ders. THE fr-NOSSES-_
MATIXEE SATtntDAY.
Never Before at Ptr'Jlar Prices. E*venlnic —
10c." 23c, 3*c. SOc and 73c. Matinee— Uc. 25c. Kc
and CCc. Next Sunday Afternoon— THE RAY'S
Howling Success. "A HOT OLD TIME."
Greater, Grander. More Funny Than Ever.
THE TALK OF THE TOWN!
EAGLES' . '
MASQUERADE
BALL!
MECHANICS' PAVILION
THANKSGIVING EVE.
ADMISSION - - ONE DOLLAR.
FTSCHFR'S concert. hou__. j
Mme. Gabriel Stlrval; Mae Edgerton Darts: t
Corlnne, In "Historical Antique": Olive Vail ;
and Arryle Tully: Irene Franklyn: Ouhama. i
the Jap and Harry H. Walton. . r Special matinee I
Tliank££ivlne. Reserved seats' £c 1
AMUS^ilEJTTS.
TLL. HAVE A SPANTSH GCXXER!
THIS IS THE SECOND WEEK
Of the Great Comic Opera Triumph,
A JOLLY
MUSKETEER!
TVlth Its Wealth of Melody and illrtn.
SPECIAL MATINEEJHANKS6IYIN6 DAY.
Evening* at S. Matinee Saturday at _
POPULAR PRICES Ec and 50c
Telephone Bush 9.
Thunxlay Nlgrht Students of University of
California Will Attend — Special Programme. -
our utmost"capacity
AGAIN' TAXED LAST NIGHT TO WIT NESS
THE J. H. HAVERLY
MASTODON MINSTRELS
With GSOBGB "Walts Mo Again WIL305.
Rememb«r THANKSGIVING MATTXEE TO-
MORROW (THTRSDAT).
rOOTBAli. NIGHT— Beth Universities— To-
morrow Night.
Ne^t Sunday afternoon— LAST WEEX-Sew
Jokes, new songs, new gags, new epeciaiUes.
The usual poouUr trices.
CHUTES_and ZOO
EVERT AFTERNOON AND EVENING.
TO-NIGHT ! TO-NIGHT X
....THE AMATEURS....
SPECIALTIES
AND
A FAT LADIES 1 TUG-DF-WAR!
Telephone for Seat*. Park 3.
Aftcr-Thcatet* Refreshments.
Tb« coisi>letene~i of tb« UTaagnani;*
made far your entertainment In th^ Su?>
r*r Room can be estimated when It u
known that th# attribute* r*sront!bl. for
the popularity cf the Ortll Rooms «r» tn
evidence here. Delichtfu! music, prompt
service, moderate ch.\tz~a. Opea erery
ererilns t Sundays exempted) from 9:30 to
12 o'clock. Entrance from Ut. court aad
main cfAce.
Palace Hotel Supper Room.
r_v^i:i^r±¥waig
Oppression, Sn_bcalioni Kem_Igi_,etc t c_redbj
ESPIC'S CiGAREHES, or POWDEB
Tin*. J. ES?:C ; Ktw Torx, 2. T CUCIXi « W#.
EOLD BT A— L DRUGGLjI*.
I ical Doll P^ t «i^SdcB^_m»Qate_atet_raLS^a» , 1 "cctftK*
J Show. CALIFORNIA'S LARGEST-AftlERICA'S GRANDEST STORI ing.
| Holiday Merchandise at Department Store Prices.
*>* Tens of thousands of Holiday gifts selected by our New York and European buvers-: Jcwelr.', Watches, Silver-
J» ware, Art Goods, Pictures, Bric-a-Brac, Leather Goods, Cut Glass, c;c, etc. The largest Book Store'in California, with
*£ 300,000 volumes at cut prices.
I $1.50 to $2.50 Scarfs, I 1 ** | Holiday " _^^
I Wednesday only,98c k*^^ ,*-j_. o-.-^ Slippers, 99c TmM
if'^H^^' Ot * _ half pairs of curtains; they are 3^ yards To-dav only the J,
!> jobbers stock of f T^^. leng and rrora ?0 to 60 inches wide, all high- (,;/«•„->',.*¦_. _-—^ S^^l
If nancsome a-i-sutc »^~--g^^l^, gTaic goods and many beautiful patterns m the ! aSoat -ico pairs g —^
g. C - rrF^ dc Chlnt fec»^^^^3?^a coHc;ticn; ']v& what you wnt for sngle win- [ o f t^.
.. Neck Scart;, the (^ -^a_S^^. \ dews, bathroonM, etc. — sole price, ; _,,r r _ ,_. e ... . ,._ . . r
g> large size, with l^. 4 #*n . tf»1AA T_ t^ ' "^7 Ja!i=ts; hand-turned tolej, fa
f t0zt, y%mK ' 25c t0 * m Each - i W*>$%**MM. 99c
_• white, b'ack.pink /jltQit \^®t\ C*1 £_.* , A '-
fc- blue and cardinal; J lOf?ki<\ {£"&>£> ! Z^Kirt I2 ° d ° IC ' 1 yards Ot ; /M ?_.•_, C« 1
I =5ri (mW Facin« 2 c M^\ ?°^i ae "
* i2. S o each ; on *C?6 W- w^ acui *3> fjV» good 3 -ch sjdxt j Last WccK of the
* sa'eWednesdar— C^5 U --V^T Facing; ai in br»ght rew colors; wi_ te j -Q_ Q _ |j. C1 QQ f\» pr
K pick of .ny'cne °*™* ** Wednesday only at the j iV * 0U «« Ulier.
JC of them for QQ/% Tery specbl price— jxt j-aid _oV AT new, o?-to-_te strEsh Oct_fej, mads
g> yQC fcr this season's wear, the 'balance cf the wrattr
»( Pi lT»nffll "»•/=» P.-il^TV/^tC f xks ° f 8evcT - P«aiinen: New York nanu-
5 .1 UrilllUrC, UCir UCl_>. factn-rs, fconght by _ and being told K an
6 TTirPP DrP^^ *™J~*V T^ . A ,,.,., * | arera 5 e of ahont ;oc en the $1,00.
ft 1 111 Wt UL C_>_> Drr:, (as pic- An Aaai_0_al ft 8 Men's $12.50 5ack Suits, alCwool .$3 <»
£^n^r»fnl« v ?l d) ' m3 - d ? Batch of J_§_3_=____5f Men'.$i7^oov«rco-tj,it>-ibh.;::"$io;s3
*: >3pCCIal->. otn.3vyf.vjl- '.,. ,_ f^^Sl^^ -Hen's $35.00 Overcoats, now ..$17.75
S* „. . .. - . , . .. ,- e t Cai ? cl • lor l > Boys' 510.00 Lor.^ Pants Suiu 56.9S
X Ha^doubk-faced doth, bkek, blue and gray, Tf>DaV. §JSW|JfclvS Boys' $3.50 Wool School Suit! $2.4*
| %3££l $ £!2£.$l2AS ™ £* j^^^j Ar.d many other c q ual,y as good bar W
fc" SHOO t d ' Shelf, vs ry convr.n- e—STj^i' i*!^!?' "
5 ff |H|| SPS Mm f • An ? her M S ? 1 ? °l
I Jg; =Sl_i__ rsLt?^ W&m Fme Spachtel Goods
_* /l<</t\ m "verts and pebb.e and coIcr cff<x W3^^^^_»S We hare been fortunate Ln seeing loo down
tf /a\^7J\ c«not!, tar_, bus r e gu larlv fz.oo, TT tf more Spachtel S<ar& and Shams in a hrgs
£ J(^I_A\ and b'ack and gray, ncdalto- S* f\t« * V variety of designs; the best lot that we haTe
5" 7 f _ML_\\ ' <5ay Al.Ufc) had this season; the scarfs are 18x36,18x4;
5* Lll U^^l Uned 3 ackrts *> **&*' 'Ai „ , r'_i-_i and 18x54 inches; the tharcs are 3s inches
* ftl I WjrJ*o«_|«.5O &,<&»_.•& Ct T *V**; ther are Vcrth in the re^'ar way
fc // fl - ' —to-day and ba'ance WJ <&W-<X&4 J1.40, polislied mJc fmm g the ipecial OO '
_ /V *\ of the week, <j& ttpms&Stt crmahoganV, bras, p ri ce fc, Wrdaesdar «alr.
I / \ n\\ ilpio.UU IS U i&F' >3 backs ' Tei y BScftl1
ll A. \\\A $25.00 Instead of Cffl^W < ''<fer! « for books, regularly GTOC^VIQ^ UTi^
ii^myj^^ $30.00 and 532.50 WA\ "'' t^' STJ fw Z
f-^e-lesofne. M)$M "^ ".SUO LiflUOFS.
£» tailcr dresses, made cr Lfe _B JOGtf -»^-» -^ iii^vui -,
£ blue, gray, brown and b!aek cheyiort, camel** Sfe_^^^^ P^° r Cha5rs r? V . ra " Tomatoes— F!nf$: solid packed, extra sar.dard,
ft ha:r and broadcloth, all flarrd skirts, silk -lined Lj,. h o g a n y nnished f^ to-day, 3 cans *5(~
jf jacket, new sleeve, some with bishop sleeves, V w V W frames, upholstered - " "•_SDC
tt trimmed with gold braid; regularly $3° and !C3ts » nc^ P 31 " v._. c, rf » rs»»«. V~- «!_"__•»," am
* i'StS 4 ' ai f $25.00 §^^mti20c
X Cobbler Seat Rockcr-SoUd oak, golden fin- Flam Pudding— Mrs. Jackson's perfec- OQ
*•* -j-m « •• ¦-«.• -i.L-1- jt.ij-j^i-.-.*, eon, home-made, to-day, Iargs on.. L7C
S Thanksgiving Pies, $2.50 «> 15c
I Cakes and Candy.
$ From our own extensive Bakerv and Sr.dy «-rly $?!£$ to^ay. . . . $0. iD $£%&. t0^^ "> *» CD^
If Shop in the ba-ement, kept as clean and neat Extra Heavy Intfrains— I vard wide, good, Mincemeat— Condensed, the "Sons J£
ft as a private kitchen, the sam: appetizing pas- iubstantiai pattrms and 'colorings, Such "and, to-day, 3 pic ka~«. .. <-_>V
J» tries that are served daily in the tig Cate un- special th : s week, per yard 03C Orange or Lemon Peel — Bist candied, 1 5^»
£ w dCT the ?°™- . . D . .,_,,.. Extra Htavy Brussels' Carpet-Variety of t0 -^» **>
* Mince and Pumpkin Pies, special Thanksgiving good> durab'e patterns, desirable col- f C -, Oar 35c Coffee— Emporium's famous Java and
- 1 r,-"^™ * * '^lll J '1 ? \ C orin g» 1 -» weck » P« varJ - • - Mocha Conw, to-<iay, per Q> 3H-.
S dir™S '" "IOC WI:on Velvets-With h!nd M me borders to O\JC
I SSiS £ki madV f^i_t^ »--»», rich colorings, elegant designs and pat- Our 50c Zinfand ?I -To^ T . per gal- <1V
£ rated, anv size required-without decoration, tOT , 6 ' I**" 1 -" week « 7 Sc «r \ * nl " '
»* per pound .' .40c - vard ' f EcIl P J « Champagne— Arpal Har»r- "P.
£ Sa'ted Almonds— per pound 50c Smyrna Ruffs— All wool, reversible, fi»gd &fh *°-<hT, q«~rt bottles vJJW
_• Finest French, Mixed Candy that can be made — endi i «« 3 ox6 ° inche?; rich pat- tf 1 HE Naglee Brandy— 26 years old, to- fl*-j 4Q
A* per pound , 35c tenu — special this week »pl« I -• day, per bctt>
Buttercups and all similar candies, made rresh LinoUum — Etna heavy quality; worth fiQf% C & C Ginger Alt — Genuine im- tf»|
jf daily — per pound 25c 65c; tpecia'. this week, per square yd. "Jv ported, t»-<Jay, per dozen. kpi.cO
ADVEETISEBLEHTS.
Our last shipment of
PIANOS are really mar-
vels of beauty. Never in the
history of our fifty years in •
business have we had such
goods. If you are thinking ot
buying "a PIANO be sure
and investigate our plan of
selling. It is easiest and best.
We Se!I Ertryihhg in the Music Line.
Kohler & Chase,
2G-30 O'Farrell St., \
SAX FRANCISCO. j
j! PARLOR TABLE |
In "tuartered Oak or Mahogr- !jg
HI ar.y; finely polished: French if
;i| uss. ||
2O per Cent Reduction in
Furniture and Carpets j I
until Christmas. j |
Free delivery trithin ICO miles 'in
or. JC3 worth and over. •
CASH OR CREDIT. :
BRILLIANT'S 'L 1
33S-340-342 POST ST. ij|
Kear PowelL Oi>ta Evealngs. JJE
IL - %
§VBA, VIGOR. MTALITYforMEM
MORMON" BISHOP'S PILL.9 j
have b«cn in use ever 2fty ,
j«-ar« by th* Jeadere of the '
Jiermon Churc-h and thrir fol- j
Icwen. Positively cum the !
worst cases !n old and rouag ,'
• riMr.g from ejects of *elf- i
abu5«-. dissipaticn. exc^»«*« or j
r.rarette-snckin^. Oirei Lo«t 1
Mir.hood. l=r.pct»T5cy. lyysx. I
Power. Night Losses. Insom- I
r.'.a. Tains In BacV. Evil Des'.res. Lame Back, j
L'eti'.'.tT. K'adi'rke. Ucfitnesi to Mar- j
r>. Lcfs cf S^men. m Vtricocele or Ccn-
H'petlor.. Step* N> f^ Hfl rvcus T witchlnc I
cf Eyelids. Effects JT^.^T^^re Immediate. |
Itr:p«trt vigor ami c E *• * * i-oter-cy to every i
lur.cilcn. Dcn't e<?t desr<r-<!e"t: a cur» In at ¦
hkTiil. Restores Eziail. unieve!cp«d orraca. 1
fctlrr.ulatea th- brain acd nerve centers; 50c a 1
btx: « lor i: oO tr *r.a!l. A written ru&rantee to j
cure cr money r»furi<5e<! »f1th f boxes. Circular* '
fr«>e A-i1reps BISHOP P.EMEDT CO.. 4S £:il» |
»i £an Frarclscj. Cal.. GRAXT DRUG CO.. j
I and <• Third »t-
•DDTTCLTITC tor barbers, b ak-
tre»ers- bockblEder*. candy-makers, cannem. ;
dyer?. CourtniU?. foundries. laundries, paper- j
r.ar.gera printers, painters, ehoe factories. »ta-
tieir.eru tar-rcofers. tar.ners. tailors, etc.
BUCriA>A> BRO5>-.
Erush VanuTacturers. 609 Sacramento St
NEW WESTERN HOTEL,
KEABJtt AXb ~ ASHINGTON STS.-RE-
nio<iel«d and renovated. KING, 'Vl ARD A
CO European plan. Rooms, SOc to $1 oO day;
ti to 1% week; %% to R0 menth. Fre« baths: hot
•r,J cold water every ro«jrr.: f.re grates la every
rjor_; eUrvator runs a!l ni£hL
UU. X. HESS.
J.X7A.EY PCSilC ASJ ATTC2SEr-Ar-iA1.
Tenth Flocr. Room 1?13, Ciaus S^reckels li'.is- >
Telephone Brown SC1_
Ketldeace. fcil «^alirorr!a Et.. below Powell.
San Francisco.
-— ¦ (
-A<SSfB3^^a r-tned.T for t^acrrhoea.
j&tSP'eCItF.&^isSi <i »«rt. .~r» r=-.»fi rbn a, I
ie 1 to i i*T* While", annatcral di-> j
£k3l7 Gzan.3v*& u| chargf . or acr infLLfscs,-
P G* V tot w tir.e-.sr*. tSon, I ritation or ulcera-
P^^5 ?rttTt.u eettmjiet. ti-a .f mncotif menj-
E^'J'ft'^rC^.nsC^t^ -iiCfl. br* ne *- J<cn-a»trjngent. j
TSJS.jflk V s. A- or 6< * nt in P'»' n wrapper-, 1
' rfV£§>»J *' T < x rr«^». prepaid, for j
%^*&5tua^dPyB t'.V), cr 3 bottles, |2.73.
________________________________ !
DIRECTORY
CF RESPONSIBLE HOUSES.
Catalogues and Price Lists Hail2d
0:1 Application.
ATTORNEY.
F HL KKBZBACn, lawyer.
CC3 Ca'.irorr.la st., Clunle bu!'C!ng.
COAL. COXE A>D PIO IRDN.
J4~ ttlf 7 V m Battery Street, t
L W!L_U.» 4- 1/J-, Telephone Mala 1S64. j
, — j
COPPERSMITH.
CTV CMITH Ffc'P PlKrr.blr.f. 5-teambcat and I
- «• J.illH Ship Wcrk « specialty. 16 and
IS Wathir.irtcn «t- Tel»rhone Main S641.
IlLliCTSlCAL.
D. D. WAHS.
Hlfctrleal Er.cir.eer. 2C East »t.
FRESH AND SALT MEATS.
lie DfiVCC £¦ C^ Fhlpp'.nic Botchers. 104 j
JA>- DOlC^gta- ci»y. Tel. Main ITH. ,
OALVANIZDCa A>D METALS.
Vfc U I>a>r In _<•:»¦•« A Oalvunlzlnr. JOHN
FINN' M1ITAL W'OIt^CS. 215 Howard «>- 1
MHTAL. i
r>«ra I!r.-)trr* and rtTwntype ra«taL Pacific 1
M*ta] Workf. l»7-9 Firtt tt.. San Frarirlyco.
OILS.
LTimtCATING OILS. LEONARD * ELLIS, (
O Frcr.t ft.. S. F. These Mala 171».
PAINTS. .
rrt!n««- - Dbbrtratinir Oi:«. ecbneJd»r'B Mining ;
randier. C O. CLIxai & CO.. 9 Front. S. F. \
PfilNTINQ.
F f KITiRrN PniNTHR.
U W- llLUtlCJ. z\\ gansome »t.. S. F.
PBIVTERS. BOOK BINDERS. I
:nn hicks-ji;dd co., I
Tint tt.. Eaa Francisco.
STATIONER AND PRINTER.
•' • ¦¦-. >;t.\i PIDTDinni.' 306 Call rorola -
Codes. rAHIttlUUC street.
Vriili. ASH SIL\±\ CQAL&e^blacS
i 1A1SOXD COAL. MINIXO CO.. at lt» GKEEX
J:lVER CCLLIEIUES. i« the Uest Coal la the j
a_rJtet. Oifice *_d TarCs— _9 ilala «treeu l
-J?U*a«_* — _™*R»mswS"___ -•—•¦. _«#!t«"__*w-_.^».^.j_ - . _ JIKt_-JSKS
4 ADVERTISEMENTS.
1 aud the Lily I
g illustrate the difference B
fi between lard and M
h ODOftl/EiSiS a
p COOKING I
g A PURELY VEGETABLE PRODUCT. B
M Animal fac may cany disease with it and be gl
M unclean and very indigestible. jw
» Wesson's Odorless Cooking Oil is pure, g
J9 surezt and clean. It never becomes rancid. IS
« It goes twice as far as lard or butter! gq
H Wesson's Szhd Oil is far bcrter value than B
H the finest olive oil and has the same flavor, fa
X Ask your friendly grocer for it. ES
When Prof. Mun>-nn fays his DTSPEPSIA
CURE will cure Indigestion and all forma of
•tomach trouble he slznply tells the truth. It
will cure a stomach that has beer, abused by
over-eatlnB and over-drlnklnj. It will cure a
stcmach that has been weakened by old-stylo
drugs and debilitating cathartics. It will do
mujh toward making- an old stomach act like
a sound one. At al! drujrglEts. 25 cents. Fifty-
Six other cures. Write to Broadwiv and Jath
•t.. New Tork. fcr Tree medical advice.
Moeta
Cfyaiidon
The Largest and Oldest Champagne ILeuee In
the World.
White Seal (Grande Cuvee), of 'ex-
ceptional bouquet and dry dryness. "
', — Court lyi**al.
WILLIAM WOLFF & CO.,
Pacific Coast Agents. 329 Ksrktt 81. B.f.
fl fl rr nni/ll Ccrner Founto and
EflFr Rnimi^ k^^
UAI-L IJUIHI. :.;5r^£S.2rK5
valises checked freeA GAY, SEASON Is promised at Hotel del
.Coronado. Coronado. Cal.. this winter with a
Jolly houseful, wi expert golf tournament. meet-
Ing of field trials club, hunUnr, fleMnc, boat-
Jsifc dancing, etc, . «. oo»i
Southern Pacific officials are boasting that they
wrecked four sleeping cars in the recent disaster. to
the Owl .express and did not kill a single person. This
childlike confidence iri providence unfortunately is
not shared by the public, which must thus play fajt
and loose with death.
ED DE, RESZKE— S., City. Ed de
Re3ke, the vocalist, la classed as a basso.
ENGLISH SHILLING^. 3.. City. A
silver shilling of 1774 (George ill) com
mands a premium of from $15 to $23, ac
cording to the catalogue of Eastern deal
ers. -.' ¦ -
POPTJI*A.TION— N. G., Guernevllle, Cal.
and others. The population of the United
States, by. States, according : to the 'cen
sus of 1300,. appears ln The Call of Octo
ber SI.
SOLE TRADERSKIP— P. F., City. A
.woman -.who desires to : becojae a sole
ANSWERS TO CORRESPONDENTS.
A DIME OF 1854— L.. T>., City. A dime of
1854 does not command a premium.
WASHINGTON, Nov. 27.-^J. C. Wood
and O.'.J.-Wood of. California are at the
Shoreham.
CALIFORNIA'S IN WASHINGTON
The lieutenant who cut such a wide path in the
tenderloin of Seattle and reached a disastrous climax
in his career is suffering from what seems to be a
popular complaint with gay army officers. He is suf
fering from the results of "exposure" in the Philip
pines. - •¦
The time seems ripe for the police to capture some
one and place upon his shoulders the blame of the
several criires which have recently puzzled the thief
taker?. Midnight robberies arc becoming altogether
too common to l>e accepted as novelties.
Kelly and Crimmins are organizing their little army
for a fcgislativc campaign of corruption. It is safe to
say* that those \vlio enroll themselves under the ban
ner of thc«c political pirates need no coaching in the
theory and practice of scoundrelism.
The representatives of the allied forces now in Pe
king: have decided upon the terms to which China,
in penance, will be a^ked to submit. These terms arc
snch that we may next expect to hear that the Boxers
are again violently on the aggressive. "' ':
-
Cuban politicians are taking very slowly and un
kindly to our civilizing institutions. The Mayor of
Havana has challenged an editor to a duel because of
ar. uncomplimentary article, and there is even some
fear that there will be a fight.
The question of woman in societj-, a local minister
says, is as old as that of man. That does not change
the fact, however, that in the days of Adam it was not
a* expensive as now to gown the fair sex for a sea
son of grand opera. ')i
Venezuela has purchased 10,000 rifles from Ger
many. If the little South American spitfire could now
onl* hire enough men to use the guns with safety to
themselves we might expect to hear of. the announce
ment of another war.
The people of Paris are making a lion of Paul
Kruger, even the Ministers of state paying him trib
ute. This is probably in recognition of the serious
endeavors which the old man made in South Africa
to unmake a lion.
TAMMANY AS PURIFIER
NO feature of the reform movement which is now
agitating New York is more interesting tlrtin
the part taken in it by Tammany. Just before
leaving for Europe Boss Croker called the Tammany
executive committee together and procured the ap
pointment of a committee of investigation to inquiry
into the extent to which vice is carried on in the city,
and to devise means for suppressing it wherever
found. The antics of that committee are now oc
cupying much of the attention of the town, ani
while some persons mock at the proceedings as a farce,
others denounce them as fraudulent attempts to mis
lead the public by setting up a false issue in place of
the real one. ,
There is a dispute as to the cause of the action of
the boss. Croker claims to have been prompted by
Ifidor Strauss, who represents a society that is en
gaged in trying to improve the condition of the
poorer classes in the city, but it is generally believed
his action was forced by the letter of Bishop Potter
to Mayor Van Wyck. It is noted that Croker met
the Tammany chiefs in council on the evening of the
very day on which the Bishop's letter was sent to the
Mayor, and the coincidence of time is so striking thai
one can hardly refrain from believing the letter had
more effect upon the boss than had the pleadings of
Mr. Strauss.
Be that as it may, it is certain the Tammany com
mittee has set out upon a programme totally different
from that designed by the Bishop and demanded by
public indignation, and it is that fact more than any
thing else that gives an interest to the actions of the
committee.
It is characteristic of Croker that even in begin
ning a reform movement he undertakes to assail re
formers. Thus he declares that for the vice now pre
vailing in New York Dr. Parkhurst is responsible.
In an interview the day after the appointment of his
committee he said: "The one man responsible for
vice in the city of New York is Dr. Parkhurst He
scattered the women from !one > district all over the
*city, and even in Brooklyn. If it was not for him
there would be no cry from the east side or the west
side or any other part of the dty from decent people.
Instead of trying to discount other people's efforts
he should look to his own dirty work."
The Brooklyn Eagle admits there is a quality' of
truth in* the charge that the crusade of Parkhurst
against vice had the effect of scattering the social
evil from the tenderloin throughout the city and dif
fusing it in the tenement districts, but points out that
the real issue at present is not the existence of vice,
but Tammany's v relation to it and the protection given
to it by city officials. The Eagle says: "The case is
the partnership of Pay and Protection between Gov
ernment and Crime. That prevailed when Dr. Park
hurst made his. crusade. .It ceased while W. L. Strom?
hi i '.i him iiii—rwTfMW"— TrTiiwmiii > ' ' ' •*
Charles R. Morrison, until. recently city
editor of the Toronto Mail and Empire, is
in the city in the Interests of the S. 8. Mc-
Clure Conipary, publishers, of New York.
He will visit the principal cities of this
State and Oregon and. Washington. He
is the son of Charles Morrison, a local
newspaper man. - ,
II. E. Huntlngton, William H. Hood and
Julius Kruttschnltt of the Southern Pa
cific, will return to-morrow from Los An
geles. J. C. Stubbs starts ; Friday j for
Washington to attend a hearing by the
Interstate Commerce Commission.
F. B. Black, a prominent Cincinnati
politician, was among yesterday's arrivals
at the Rusa. Mr. Black expects to move
his family to San Francisco shortly.
M. P. Morgans, mining man from An
gels Camp, is staying at the Grand for
a few days.
George T. Page and family of San Ra
fael have taken apartments at the Occi
dental.
R. "W. Skinner, the well known Marys
ville fruit man, arrived at the Grand.yes
terday.
"W. E. Mitchell of Stanford University
is one of the late arrivals at the Palace.
C. R. Downs, the'Sutter Creek mining
man, arrived at the Occidental last even
ing.
Major J. \V. F. Diss of Los Angeles Is at
the Occidental.
Captain Edwin Jones of Brooklyn Is
staying at the California.
¦ E. L. Finley of the Santa Rosa Demo
crat is at the California.
Senator Thomas Flint Jr. of San Juan
is registered at the Palace.
Hon. E. S. Ives and wife of Arizona are
recent arrivals at the Palace.
Walter L. Wilson of the United States
navy la stopping at the California.
A- A. Langdon and W. C. Langdon. Buf
falo merchants, are at the Palace.
G. W. Crystal, & prominent Vacaville
merchant, Is registered at the Grand.
T. F. Quinn, a Lexington, Ky., horse
man, arrived at the Palace yesterday.
T. J. Field, the Monterey banker, is at
tho Palace.
W. H. Hennage, a Bakersfleld oil man,
is at the Russ. *•
PERSONAL MENTION.
Dr. C. R. Nelson of Towle is at the
Grand.
W. Syms, a Winters cattle man, Is at
the Russ.
Dr. Barton J. Powell of Stockton is at
the Palace.
VALUE OS LAND— P. S.. City. There
Is no county of San Francisco but there
Is the city and county of San Francisco
There are no figures that show* "the aver
age value of an acre of land in San Fran
cisco County," but the city and county of
San Francisco contains forty-one ( anrf
three-quarters square miles of territory
equal to 26.721 acres. The a«Ks«ed vni.^T*
tion of land in the city and county of San
Francisco. 1900. is $190,457,425. With thw
flgures^you can determine what the aver
age value according to assessment ilol
value. at ' h0WeVCr ' I3 not «• «SpKj
FATHER DRUMGOOLE-S., City. The
letter of inquiry was as to Information
about "Rev. J. Drumgold of New York "
It is the late Rev. Father John C. Drum
goole about whom information was de
sired, he who founded the St. Vincent de
F au i-^ e^L 9b0 >' s Hnm e «n New York City
in IS7L The founder died in New Yorie
City. March 28. 1S88. The home ta^ow at
Princes v Bay. Staten Island, antl Is part
of the Mission of the Immaculate Virein
for Homeless and Destitute Children
Rev. Father James J. Dougherty Is the
superior in charge. •
AGRICULTURE. ETC.— Y. C. G.. Pa
cific Grove, Cal. The periodicals pub
lished In California that are specially de
voted to agriculture are: California Cul
tivator and Poultry Keeper. Los Angeles-
Rural Press, Los' Angeles; Pacific Bee
Sacramento- Pacific Rural Pressl San
Jrandsco. Those that are devoted to
horticulture and floriculture are- c The
£ ru J5 Vorld . " Lo» Angeles: California
Fruit Grower. San Francisco, and Pacific
Rural Press. San Francisco.
DRAW PEDRO-G.. City. If in a gams
of draw pedro A and B have each one 1
point to go out, A deals and B gives one
to the board. A refuses and calls for
spades, then leads the klnf which Is high
B has low and A makes jack. A goes out"
not having gone back and having made"
high and jack, four points. '
THE PARK POLICE— H. D. E., City.
Under the new charter the park police
became part of the San Francisco regular
police force. It consists of one sergeant
and sixteen officers. The watches are »
a. m. to 6 p. m. weeks days and to 6 30 p.
m. Sundays: 3 p. m. to 11 p. m. and 11 p.
m. to i a. m.
MAIL FOR MANILA— J. G. S., San
Luis Obispo. Cal. Kvery steamer that
sail3 from San Francisco for China car
ries mail for Manila, Deposit letters for
that point ln the postofflce and they will
be taken by the first steamer that feave3
San Francisco after the letters reach that
place.
VOTING IN ENGLAND-S. B.. City.
In England no man can be registered for
parliamentary election "who within
twelve months preceding the loth of July
has received parochial aid, except medical
relief," or one "who is an alien."
TEN-DOLLAR PIECE— J. J., City.
Dealers ln old coin? do not offer any pre
mium for ten-dollar pieces coined after
1808. They offer to sell coins of that de
nomination of the year 1840 at from' $13 50
to $15.
QUARTER EAGLES-A. O. S.. Oakland.
Cal. A quarter eagle or $2 60 piece of 1S61
doe3 not command a premium from deal
ers. The price that dealers charge for
such, however, is from $4 to $6.
PRESENTS BY MAIL — S., North
Berkeley. Cal. Presents of Jewelry or
books sent by mail from tne United States
to England are subject to custom duty
at the port where received.
trader will have to secure the services of
a reputable attorney to file a petition for
her in the Superior Court.
Every attempt hitherto made to provide for high
way improvements by the State has disclosed the fact
that there are'many conflicting interests to be taken
into consideration and many differences of opinion to
be harmonized. Whether the bill of Senator Smith
will prove satisfactory to all these diverse elements
remains to be. seen. It is, however, unquestionably
a step in the right direction. In some counties in
California we have excellent roads, but throughout
the State at large our roads are so defective a3 to im
pose a heavy tax j upon farmers and entail a great loss
of energy and time upon all who have to haul their
produce over any considerable distance to market.
Senator Smith's bill ; is an earnest effort to-rid the
State of these evils and merits the careful considera
tion of all citizens.
The bill deals elaborately with the methods to be
pursued in levying the special tax or in issuing the
bonds, and every care has apparently been exercised
to guard against anything that might be prejudicial
to the interests of the district, the county or the tax
payers.
The bill provides the means by which any portion of,
• county not contained in a permanent road division
may be formed into such a division, and the meth
ods by which the residents may then proceed to the
establishment of permanent highways, by petition to
the Supervisors. It is required that the petition 'shall
set forth an estimate of the probable cost of the work,
the materials to be used and the manner of construct
ing or repairing, a request for a specified sum from
the general road fund and from the district fund, and
a request that a special tax be levied or that bonds
of the division be issued to raise the balance neces
sary for the work. ,
The main purpose of the bill, as stated by the
author, is to provide a way by which funds may be
raited for the construction of a given section of per
manent road. The plan proposed is to take something
from the general road fund of the county, something
from the district road fund, and. then raise the bal
ance by special tax or by bonding. The character of
the road to be constructed is to be determined at an
early stage in the proceedings, so as to enable the
voter to know what he may expect for his money
when he goes to the polls to vote upon the question
of special tax or bonds.
The bill is defined "An act to provide for the or
ganization and government of permanent road divi
sions and defining the manner in which funds may
be raised and expended for the construction, improve
ment and maintenance of permanent roads within this
State."
HIGHWAY improvement is an issue of so much
importance to nil parts of California it is grati
fying to note that further efforts are to be
made in the way of providing for such improvements
at the coming session of the Legislature. Senator
Smith of the Thirty-fourth District has already T pre
pared a bill for that purpose, and has very wisely sub
mitted it for general disiJussion before the Legislature
meets in order that it may be fully understood and
an ample support obtained for it, upon its merits.
PERMANENT ROAD DISTRICTS.
COUNT ADEMAR CASTELLANE. who reached this country a few days ago,
and his friend, Jean Paleologne, the designer of posters signed "Pal."
have been talking- to the reporters. By the -way, Faleolosrue talks ten
languages and swears in eleven. They were breakfasting when the early
newspaper man located them.
"Say to your newspaper that I not come her© to catch heiresses." tha
Count said. "New York cannot be a busy place, since every on« has so much
time to jossip."
"Gossip," corrected Mr. Paleologue.
"To gossip," the Count repeated. "Yes, I come hero ln pursuit of some
thing, but not of heiresses. That which I catch was some champagne drinkers.
"All the nobility of France works now," he sighed. VWhv do they work?
Because they have to. Yes, all the nobility of the France works." and his eves
fell upon a distinguished-looking waiter who had Just entered tha room with ja
bunch of finger bowls.
"That which I sell was champagne," he exclaimed vehemently. "I sell him ln
gross or by tho case, by the ehipful; but my title of Count— that never was in
the market. All that was some gospel." ___^
"Gossip," corrected Mr. Paleolcgue.
"That was some gossip," the Count repeated. "1 hate your ways. You say in
your papers that I have coma. here to/see a young lady which was rich. What
•was the result? Although I much appreciate her I cannot call upon her just be
cause of that crosaup."
"Gossip," said Mr. Paleologue.
"That word," the Count said\vehemently. "I only learn him to-day. In tho
France we have more of that word and more of that thing. Hers I stay three
months, most of those months ln New York, where I have friends."
"Did your cousin, Count Bonl, give you any Introductions?" was the next
Question.
The artist and the Count both exploded. Their lips curled with a curl of scorn
after they had wildly gesticulated.
"Count Ademar belongs to the real Castellane family, th© elder branch," said
the artist. "Count Boni is an outsider, a rank lobster."
"It haa been reported," said Count Ademar, "that I have say American girl3
were worth marrying only for their money. Please put it in your newspaper that
this were not a truth.
"Miss Bacon, the nam» of which was -mention, fails to be so very rich. In
France were many womans much richer. Every time a French nobleman speaks
to an American girl every one says ha was wanting the money.
"It are not true. Miss Bacon, by example, had no riches, except that which
her father gives to her, and he is still somewhat young and does not-reg-ard Ilka
one which dies very soon."
It had been reported that Mr. Paleologue— who Is of noble descent hlmsei',
having a barony which he received from the Roumanian Government ln ex
change for one of his original drawings— is also here to offer himself in the
American matrimonial market.
"It's about as true as th© story of the Count's plans," he paid. "I'll tell you
why we are here if you want to know." He lowered his voice to a whispar and
% added: "Count Ademar Is here to sell champagne— I'm her© to drink It."
\ But the gossips still maintain that Count Aderaar has sworn to wed and that
he has brought tho artist along to act as best man.
0 -
\\ R. PHELAN in his last campaign for Mayor
j \ had a slogan which he used on all occasions
• * and to all audiences. It was his constant cry
that the new charter must be put in operation by its
friends. Upon this he rung all the changes. The
charter was an orphan and needed him as a guar
dian.
Weil, the charter is in the hands of it? friends.
Manipulated by them it is giving San Francisco
probably the worst government it ever had. From
the Civil Service Commission to the School Board
favoritism, tyranny, oppression, disregard of merit
and respect for the political pull and push are ap
parent on every side. Never before in the history of
the cuy has everything been so dependent on parti
sanship. It« influence is felt from the teachers in the
School Department to the paupers that shiver out
side the almshouse. One of the latter, old, forlorn,
indigent, in distress and with none upon whom to de
pend, when told that he should swallow his pride and
go to the almshouse, dejectedly answered that he had
tried to get into the poorhousc but failed because he
"had no pull." So, "in the hands of its friends," the
new charter has put up places in the schools and
places in the poorhouse, to be pulled down by the
pull of politicians.
It is also true that wherever the letter and spirit
of the charter interfere with the patronage and profit
of the Mayor's office-holders it is evaded or attacked
in the courts.
These friends of the charter have not scrupled to
tnke advantage of the infirmities of that instrument
¦whenever their personal interests may be served.
They made it, carried it through at the polls and arc
responsible for whatever defects it exhibits.
But the people who were led to believe that the
charter would guide them directly into a self
cpor.iting. automatic, municipal elysium, are being
turely undeceived. In the Mayor's organization of
the government they find ignorance, weakness and
0reed in a portentous partnership that bodes no good
tr> the fortune of the city.
FRIENDS OF THE CHARTER.
have been annoying without yielding any consider
able revenue to the Government, and it is to be hoped
nothing will prevent the proposed revision at an early
date.
The country will of course be gratified with so large
a reduction in taxes, .and "particularly of those that
It is known that the brewers, the express compa
nies and the telegraph companies are seeking for a
repeal of taxes affecting their business, and they do
not stand alone by any means. Washington dis
patches forecasting the report of the committee state:
"It is understood that in addition to reductions here
tofore mentioned the increase of 60 cents per thou
sand on cigars will be removed, also that the stamp
tax on steamship tickets will be taken off, because
the revenue received does not justify the difficulties of
collection. Members of the committee have been
asked to remove the stamp taxes on foreign bills of
exchange nnd bills of lading, and it is possible that
that matter may be reopened. The most important
changes in the present law. will be schedule B, which
practically will be wiped out, and which includes
medicines and proprietary articles. The tax also prob
ably will be removed from conveyances, mortgages,
etc These, with the abolishment of taxes on express
receipts, telegrams, bank checks and some other
stamp taxes will, it is said, secure the reduction of
$30,000,000, which Is the amount agreed upon by the
treasury officials and the committee."
', The prospect that reductions would be made has of
course brought on a contest among varied inter
ests,, each seeking to profit by it. Congress will find
it difficult to withstand the influences brought to bear
to relieve each interest of the tax imposed upon it.
It is probably due to that pressure that the estimates
of reduction have increased so rapidly, and it is also
probable the fight may have the effect of involving'
the whole subject in such conflict that after all it will
be found advisable to postpone the reductions until
the next Congress, when a complete and systematic
revision of the act may be made.
PROPOSED TAX REDUCTIONS.
' ZIJ STI MATES of tax reductions to be made in the
, war revenue act at the coming session of Con
—* gress will follow one another rapidly, and each
successive one promises a larger reduction than its
predecessor. Forecasts of Congressional action is
sued immediately after the election were to the effect
that hardly anything in the way of reduction wouH
be attempted this winter. A little later came' reports
that the chairman of the Ways and Means Committee
of the House had intimated there would probably be
a reduction to the extent of $15,000,000. Next it was
announced that the Secretary of the Treasury esti
mated there might be a reduction of $20,000,000, and
now dispatches from Washington report that a-sub
committee of the Ways and Means has about reached
the conclusion that the taxes can be safely reduced to
as much as $30,000,000.
%fre -^gj^s .(fall
WEDNESDAY.,:... NOVEMBER 28, 1000
JOHN D. 5PRECKELS. Proprietor.
/cdress AM Communications to W. S. LEtKE. Manager.
MAXACER'S OFFICE Telephone Pres* 201
ri/BLJCATIOX Ol'n('E...Mnrket nnd Third. S. F.
Telepbone Vrvt* SOI.
KDITOni*Ii IIOOMS 217 to 221 Steven«on St.
Telephone Tress 202.
Delivered »>t Carriers. 15 Cent* Per "U'eelc.
¦•iugl" ropiest. 5 Cents.
Terras by Mall, Including I'ontasei
DAILY CAM, Uncludltij; Sunday), one year }«.«
DAII>T CALL (i!:c!ud!n«r Bnadiy), <! months 3.00
PA1LT CALL Cnrl-jdins Sunday), Z months 1.50
DAILY CALU-By Single Month 65c
fVXPAY CALL, One Tear 1.50
WEEKLY CALL. One T»ar 1.00
AH posltuantern are authorized to receive
Kubneriptlnna.
Sair.pl* copies v.ill be forwarded when requested.
Mail subscribers ln ort'ering change of address ehould I*
particular to five both KEW AND OLD ADDRESS ia order
to Insure a promj^t and correct compliance with their request.
OAKLAND OFFICE 1118 Ilroadvray
C. GKOUGK KKOG\ESS,
Manager Foreign Advertising. Marquette Building. Chicago.
(Lcnr Wstar.ee Telephone "Central MIS.")
Is'KVr YORK CORRE?PONDEKT:
C C. CAItLTOX Ilcrnld Square
NEW YORK RHPRESENTATIVE:
STEPHES D. SMITH 3O Tribune Hntld Ine
NEW YORK NEWS STANDS:
TTa'.fiwf-Aftcria Hotel; A. Erentano. 21 Union Square:
Murray H!U Hotel.
CHICAGO NEWS STANDS:
Bhensan House: P. O. News Co.; Great Northern Hotel;
Fresior.t House; Auditorium Hotel.
tVA«niXOTO\ in. C> OFFICE I tOft G St., S. W.
MOIITO?? K. CIIAVK, Correspondent.
JlRAXCn OFFICES — 527 Mor.trrnnfry. corner of Clay. op?n
until S:39 o'clock. 3C<> Hayes", open until 9:20 o"clock. 635
McAllister, open until 9:30 o'clock. SI 5 Larkin, open until
f :?0 o'clock. 1S41 Mission, open ur.tll 10 o'clock, net Market.
comer Sixteenth, open until 9 o'clock. 1C?6 Valencia, open
urttl 9 o'clock. 106 Eleventh, open until 9 o'clock. NW. cor
rer Twerty-sfcor.d and Kentucky. ojw»n until 9 o'clock.
Yet with all this effort the destruction increases
yearly. In our dry summers reckless seekers for.
pleasure or pelf in our mountains leave a fiery track
behind them. Every year these destroyers of the
birthright of a generation to come are the agents in
the destruction of as much timber as commerce
would demand in five years.
Their acts are highly criminal. What would we do
to a man who was detected in imprisoning a single
human being, to die in the torments of thirst, without
water? It is highly probable that the law would not
be permitted to take its course with him, but he would
be summarily punished. Yet that is what these sum
mer incendiaries, these guilty of forest arson, arc
doing every year, not to one but to many. They am
destroying that on which human life depends. They
are drying up the spring. They are taking from the
soil its fertility, so that it will respond no more to
seedtime and harvest. They are preparing for the
future depopulation of the country by causing it' to
cease supporting life. They are robbing the bird of
its song and the blossom of its perfume.
How long will their crime go unpunished and the
forests go unprotected?
The press has not been delinquent. American
journalism has for many years sought to spread
abroad information on this subject of the highest use
fulness to the people. Various societies and organi
zations all over the country have taught the relation
of fertility to moisture in the soil, and the relation of
moisture to protection of the soil against evaporation,
by a covering of forage and forest.
npHE union of a forest and irrigation policy was
I first effected in California. There is here a so
ciety organized for the purpose of preserving
the forests and promoting the storage of flood waters
for irrigation. This society will likely be heard from
during the coming session of the Legislature. The
National Irrigation Congress, following this Califor
nia example, has concreted its purpose into the terse
expression, "Save the forests and store the floods."
Perhaps nothing is more difficult than to get men to
see their interest in the equilibrium of nature. Given
her way, nature provides for all forms of life. But
when her equilibrium is disturbed by artifice, life suf
fers. Under natural conditions the country west of
the ninety-ninth meridian bore an abundant crop of
the most nutritious forage. Its deep springs were un
failing, and its watercourses were never dry. Great
herds of wild ruminating animals ran on the plains
and in the mountains and fattened on the natural pas
ture. The floods were in effect stored in the soil by
its vegetable cover. To this purpose the grasses and
wild clovers were as fitted in their place as were the
dense forests. The grass cover and roots stored
water on the plains just as effectively as did the
columnar trees and their roots and the forest floor in
the mountains. In fact, nature's plan was a well ad
justed harmony, and her provision for caring for the
small rainfall of the arid region was perfect. Given
natural conditions where the annual rainfall is only
four to ten inches, and the annual evaporation is from
thirty-six to seventy-two inches, the soil of the plains
must be covered with vegetation to resist evapora
tion, and let the water go into the soil instead of back
into the air. Upon this symmetrical arid beneficial
scheme man intrudes to destroy its adjustment. Act
ing as if he were born yesterday and would die to
morrow, leaving nothing human to succeed him, he
proceeds to strip the plains of their forage and the
mountains of their forests. When his ax and saw
cannot do the work fast enough he applies the torch,
becomes an incendiary, practically burns down his
own house and makes his own field barren, and then
deplores misfortunes that he brings upon himself.
It is well that the National Irrigation Congress, the
California Waters and Forests Society and the Cali
fornia club of ladies pull together for forestry and irri
gation; but, pull as they may, the interference with
the equilibrium of nature will cease only when the
American masses are taught better than they know
now. When they learn that the useless extermination
of a single blade of. grass and the wanton destruction
of a single trc"e has an important relation to the wel
fare of man, they may cease to inflict damage upon
themselves by a willful waste of the resources of na
ture.
FOREST AND FLOOD.
eve of a commercial awakening. It wilt
not do for American manufacturers to be
neglectful of the opportunities which are
about to be presented to them If they da
elre to make the most of every factor in
Individual and national prosperity. With
this end in view the campaign for export
trade should be made as vigorous as pos
sible.— PHILADELPHIA RECORD.
Army and Navy Enlistments.
The army has little or no trouble finding
recruits to fill its ranks. The service Is
hardly more attractive than the navy and
the pay Is no better. What. then, is the
difference? The army has ff system where
by the private soldier may be promoted
for efficiency until he attains the highest
rank. Major General Nelson A. Miles Is a
conspicuous example. General Lawton
won his promotion from the ranks. It 13
needless to cite the many other instances.
Is it not poss*Me that the lack of such a
system operates to prevent enlistments in
the navy?— PITTSBURO DISPATCH.
Plump Girls Are "Weary.
It is very evident that th» plump g1rl3 are
' growing a-weary of the fashion that dic
tates slimness in order to look welL There
is talk among the dear creatures of send
ing a round robin to Paris and reminding
the despots of imperial fashion thai
curves are much more beautiful ln the
pages of geometry than angles are, Just
a3 a winding river road la more attrac
tive than tha rectangular corner of a
street, even when the street Is straight,
and not a crooked old colonial co-wrath,
as some of the downtown streets ln New
York are.— NKW YORK PRESS.
Confucianism and Christianity.
So far as Confucianism Is concerned
it is not Improbable that Christianity will
have to treat It with respect, and even
concede to it the permanent place It ha»
already won in the civilization of the
Orient.. In saying this one does not Imply
that Confucianism is superior to Chris
tianity as an ethical system, or that
Christianity can never become- the domi
nant force in Oriental life. AH that is
meant Is that Christianity mu« recognize
and make peace, so to speak, with what
there is in Confucianism of permanent
moral value. A compromise of this sort
would make for the peace of tha world.
and also hasten the progress of Chris
tianity ln the far East.— SPRINGFIELD
REPUBLICAN.
American Humor.
"We have plenty of humor, and very
funny it is. Americans are good
laughers. We should be- excelent
makers cf good eolgrams if we put
our minds to it; but this takes too lor*. It
Isn't utilitarian. It causes idla word* to
give account for. It Is aping corrupt
Gallic salons. It Is unfashionable. It will
make one lauyrhed at instead of smiled
with. So we go on stating and denying
facts blundering into bad slang; *ven
making puna. We dare not turn, a oompll
ment It is so out of form. Why not make •
it In form? A lady Is better pleased with
a good praising ln bad form than no pra's
ing ln good form, however much she may
gainsay it. And all this is Just a plea for
the good word. Words mean much or lit
tle according to the two who use them,
the talker and the "talkee." Good words
— "bon mots," If you will— help over hard
places, please. Instruct, linger after. Epi
grams are the energy of style. We believe
ln the conservation of energy.— DAXXtAS
NEWS.
CRAT.
Rewards Awaiting Enterprise.
Great as has been the results already
achieved, still richer rewards await enter
prising American manufacturers. China.
South Africa and Siberia are all on thn
Growth In Exports.
The growth la our exports of coal.
£SV Oa tif« nd , b "?*tuffs i? phenomenal
bat the feature of our export
SSK* 0 .?; Wch *° tata most wr:
tainiy to our supremacr amonr the
ln 5 ajinual salts O f manufactured
S?£ft a £ d » nU tf 1 J, In t ry> ln «*™rke5'for
merly controlled by Great Britain and
Gcrmany.-CHICAGO TIMES-HERAxS).
Trance Spoiling for "Wax.
«r£ to >?v f^S ri !I ff »Kf oia herflrasac thrash
ing: by Germany thirty y»ars asro B*ranc<»
has been spoiling forwar y Xtloub?e-^tk«
is always accommodate i in any war
of this generation the Christian^ race"
the Anglo-Saxon races-win be found oZ
the same side. The world befor« vorv
Ion* will be .ruled by the races that 1^
beef and fear their Go<l a*TL™ the*
money. France dw3 none of theaa.
France is in periL-CHICAGO JOURNAL!
Our Constitution.
Our republican constitution has
W , lthln ~£?* tJi m^ year » become
the model for the- organic law of
eighteen other republics on this continent
and of the Canadian colony of Britain.
We have besides, by our successful ex
periment in popular self-rule, given man
hood suffrage to England and a laxee
measure of free government to every
European country, save Russia and
Turkey. - CINCINNATI COUMKRCIAL
Relations With Cuba.
It will be understood by the world
that the relations between Independ
ent Cuba and the Unitsd States
must be closer than are those
which exist between any two other na
tions on this continent. The United State*
freed Cuba. It must stand sponsor In a
large degree for the Island's good behavior
toward its own citizens as wel; as toward
other nations. Its geographical poj'tloa
makes it an object of solicitude to this
country.— ST. LOUIS GLOVE-DEMO-
EDITORIAL
UTTERANCE
IN VARIETY
Upon that showing the public can readily under
stand the game Crokcr intends to play. His commit
tee will report the existence of vice and will make a
show of suppressing it, but the committee will not
investigate the connection between "Pay and Protec
tion." It is a committee of evasion rather than of in
vestigation that Tammany has appointed, and it h
not likely intelligent New Yorkers expect from it
anything other than the performance of a political
farce.
are 'it.' 2
was Mayor. It was resumed on Tammany's return
to rule. The thing to do is to break it up and to pun
ish those in it That may involve Tammany's over
throw. It probably will. -But that is the case — not
Parkhurst, but Crokcr, not diffusion, but Partnership,
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, NOVEMBER 2S, .1900.
ANOTHER CASTELLANE
IS ON THE MARKET
6
- A GOOD STORY
A certain young lady in del-
icate health was advised by her
doctor to take a half-teaspoon-
ful of Soott s emulsion of cod-
liver oil after dinner— once a
day — and found herself almost
suddenly growing robusjt.
So small a dose is by no
means the rule ; the rule is
whatever the stomach will bear
— not more. Another rule is:
take it on ever)- least occasion,
but not too much ; don't over-
do it/ *
We'll send you a little to try. If you B\e.
SCOTT & BO\ V XE, 409 P«rl rtrset, Km Y-*.
Choice candles, Townsend's.Palace HoteL'
TowDs«ni'» Callforqla rlace fruits. SOo a
pound, ln fire-etched traces or Jap. bas-
kets. 639 Market. Palace Hotel building. •
Special information supplied dally to
business houses and public men by th*
Preas Clipping Bureau (Allen's>, 510 Mont-
gomery st. Telephone Main 1042. •
It Is the easiest thing In the world to
see that wealth Is a curse— so long as tha
other fellows monopolize it.
If You're in a Hurry Take th© "Oror-
land Limited,"
L«avlner San Francisco dally at 19 a. m.. ria
Central Pacific. Union Pacific and Chicago and
Northwestern railways, and arriving at Chicago
at 9:30 a. m. the third day. A tolld vesiibuled .
train of superb eplendor. carrying Pullman
doubts dratrlns-room sleepers, dining car and
buffet smokinK and library car. fan Pranc!»co
to Chicago without change. Only four days to
Xew Tork and Boston. If you want luxury
and comfort combined with speed and safety
take th» "Overland Limited."
Neatlect your hair and you loea It. Parker's
Hair Balsam renews the gTowta and color.
Hlndercorns. tho best cure for corns. 15 ct».
GulMet's ThanltsRlvlns mince pi", leeereasi.
SOS Larkin «t- phone Fast 19S. •
Pharaoh's daughter wasn't a brofcer, hut
she got a little profit from the rushes on
the bank.
Grar.<3 Or« l ni-h'>ui>' 1 — ••Siegfried."
Alc*zar— "Seven-Twent>-E:^ht."
Colombia 'The Slrgln* OirlJ'
TSvoli— "A Jolly Musketeer."
Alhatnbra— Herrrr.arTi, the Great.
California— Haverly'* Minstrels.
Orpfceuni— Vaudeville.
Olympia, corner Mason ar.d Eddy streets— Specialties.
Cfcutes. Zoo ;.:. ; Tfceater— Vaudeville every afternoon and
evenin*. ,
FUcber 1 *— Vaudeville.
Mechanics" 1'a.vil ion— Masquerade Ball Thanksgiving Even-
ing.
Tanfrran Park— TXaces f>-day.
AMUSEMENTS.
ADVER'In response to sn inquiry from F.' A.
Duryoa. who was recently elected to the
Assembly from Placer County, Attorney
General Tirey L. Ford has rendered an
opinion to the effect that one person may
at the same time hold the office of As
semblyman and Town Clerk of the town
of Lincoln, in Placer County, a city of the
sixth class, under the municipal incor
poration act. ¦- Although one of such offices
is legislative and the other executive in
character they do not come within the in
hibition of the 8tate constitution, which
latter Instrument relates solely to State
offices. - . .:.';, V .
Government Stores Condemned.
• Tho Health Inspectors made a raid on a
"quantity of Government store's which were
being auctioned off at 103 Market street
yesterday. The stores consisted of 8400
pounds of nork. 14.700 pounds of beef and
13.500 -pounds of flour and had been con
demned by the United States Government.
The goods were to have been sold for
fertilizing purposes, but to make certain
that they would not be taken to some
warehouse and sorted for human -con
sumption by the buyers, the Health Of
ficials placed the stuff in quarantine. It
was then covered with coal oil and sent
to the fertilising works.
LADY PHOTESTS AGAINST
PAYING HER TAXES
Be Exempted Because She Has
Not Right of Suffrage.
Ellen C. Sargent Thinks She Should
Ellen C. Sargent has notified the Board
of Supervisors that she has recently paid
her taxes on ieal estate, amounting to
JM0 94 under protest. She claims that the
whole of the assessment Is void upon the
following grounds:
1. That all political poorer Is lshrxent In the
people and that government Is Instituted for
th» protection, security and benefit of the peo
ple and that they have the right to alter or
reform th» same whenever thj^ public rood
may require It. »
2. That In spite of the provision aforesaid, I
am deprived of the right of nuffrage by reuon
of my sex. That the exercise of the right of
¦uffrage is the only manner In which the above
inherent political power can be exercised and
made effective.
\The communication concludes with a re
quest that the board direct the Tax Col
lector to return the amount paid under
protest. . * ¦ ¦ ¦
PRETTY LITTLE JOSXE
WILL WANDER NO MORE
eling Proves lier Un
doing.
A Bright Maid's Penchant for Trav-
Josle Andrich. a pretty little girl who
has a wandering disposition, will ramble
away from home no more. Through the
efforts of Secretary White of the Society
for the Prevention of Cruelty to Children
Josle, has been placed In a local charity
Institution.
The young maid has resided with her
father at 81 Natoma street, but horne has
no fascination for her. She has availed
herself of every opportunity to travel, and
was often founfl in distant parts of the
city. "When nUht overtook her the brave
little -wanderer would rest her weary body
on a hard board under an Inviting door
step. If discovered Josle would tell a pa
thetic story about her home life or glibly
He out of it.
Josle began her wanderings when she
was 7 years of age. No amount of scold
ing or chastisement would correct her pe
culiar habit. Policemen had no terrors for
the little girl. She was often picked up
by the blueooats and restored to her anx
ious relatives, but as soon as her parents'
backs were turned she would steal away
and enjoy sightseeing.
On Sunday la.it Josle decided to go forth
again and observe the conditions of the
city during the • holiday period. While
meandering down Third street she fell in
with the little daughters of a Mrs. Laurie,
who resides at 4 Elizabeth street. She ac
companied the girls to their home and
¦was accorded, a warm welcorne by the
sympathetic ihatrnn. Her stories were
conflicting. She pathetically told of the
death of her parents In one breath, and
In another told of cruel treatment received
at the hands of a stern parent
In the meantime Chief Sullivan's min
ions were searching high and low for the
pretty wanderer, but without success.
Some kindly person notified Secretary
White of the child's whereabouts, and in
company with Officer McMurray he in
vestigated the case. They took Josle in
charge and notified her father. The latter
said he could do nothing with his little
wanderer, and at his request the girl will
be placed in an Institution that is opposed
to little maids wandering.
BY ALBERT 8. BOLLES, LLD.
As an employer is required to furnish
safe appliances, etc., this rule requires of
him in many cases to Inspect the things
that are to be used by his employes be
fore they are put into service. What Is
the nature of this inspection? In one of
the cases the rule was applied to a rail
road company with respect to a chain
used on Its cars. The case arose in Michi
gan, and the Supreme Court of the State
said: "It not only can, but Its duty re
quires that it shall, before It is placed on
a car, cause every link of every chain
used by ita employes in places or under
circumstances involving danger in case
the chain should break, to b« carefuUy
tested and^Inspected by some one compe
tent to Judge of its fitness for the utmost
strain that is likely to come upon It."
The New York Rule.
This rule, however, did not find favor
with the courts of New York, and so the
Court of Appeals adopted another to the
effect that reliance may be had on the
maker that an article Is proper. If It is
bought of a reputable maker that is a suf
ficient guarantee of its quality to dispense
with any other test. The importance of
the rule will Justify adding some of the
remarks of the court. The case related
to an injury that happened to an employe
from the breaking of a hook he was using
in lifting a girder. There was nothing on
the surface of the hook to show that it
was weak; in truth, the break resulted
from a hidden defect in the iron. When
it was purchased the employer supposed
he was buying a hook of the best quality.
The court remarked that a master could
procure tools for servants in several
ways. He could buy them ready made or
a dealer, have them made or buy the
materials and make them himself. His
'•liability for an injury resulting from, a
defect In the materials of a tool will be
determined by the same rule In each
case." In the present case the employer
was obliged to rely on the dealer and
manufacturer for the quality of materials
used. A hook ready for use could neither
be cut nor bent ever an anvil without im
pairing its strength or perhaps destroying
it altogether. "A test of that character
applied to one of a lot would be no guar
antee of the quality of the others. To
apply such a test, therefore, to tools pro
cured in that way is Impracticable, and
such articles are not usually tested before
they are put in use. The modern indus
trial system rests upon confidence In oth- ;
ers." The court then turns to railroads,
and declares that they cannot well apply
such tests to the materials of which their
cars and engines are made, or to the rails
which form their tracks. Reasonable In
spection only was required. "But when
articles are manufactured by a process
approved by use and experience and ap
parently properly finished and stamped it
is not usual for them to be tested again
in quality, and such examinations are not,
generally required by law. If materials
of the best quality are purchased -and
tools constructed trom them by compe- 1
tent and skillful workmen; If there Is
nothing in the appearance of the material
to Indicate Inefficiency, men in the or
dinary affairs of life use them and place
them in the hands of their servants, and
thero were no circumstances surrounding
the manufacture of the hook in question
to induce a prudent man to-' depart from
the usual course, or to adopt extraor
dinary care and precaution."
The court goes on to remark that all the
best iron and steel is made by a few con
cerns, and that In the trial of the case it
was shown that all practicable tests were
applied during the process of making
things. "If the best renned Iron Is re
quired, the purchaser may assume that
the tests necessary to produce that article
have been properly made and the work
properly d<vie.
The Michigan and N«-w York Rules.
This view of an employer's duty greatly
differs from that previously stated by the
Supreme Court of Michigan. By that rule
an employer must do his own testing
¦whenever it can be done; by the Mew-
York rule he can rely on another. "\V»
aro not so certain as the Court of App«als
that the hook in question could not have
been tested in other ways than by cutting
or bending it. It .appears that the hook
broke when used in lifting a girder, and
its ordinary u?e suggests at once an easy
mode of testing it— namely, to apply
weight. Hov/ much ought the hook to
support? Did the maker apply this test?
There is no evidence to show that he did.
The New York rule may be right with
the qualification that in every case it
must be shown that the maker or sailer
properly tested the thing sold.
The Federal Bule.
The view of an employer's duty declared
by the Supreme Court of the United States
differs somewhat from both views above
given. "It is net necessarily the duty of a
purchaser of machinery, whether simple
cr complicated, to tear it to pieces to see
if there bo some latent defect. If he pur
chases from a manufacturer of recog
nized standing he is justified in assuming
that In the manufacture proper care was
taken and that proper tests were made of
the different parts of the machinery, and
that, as delivered to him. It is in a fair
and reasonable condition for use. We do
not mean to say that It is never the duty
of a purchaser to make tests or examin
ations of his own cr that he can always
and wholly rely upon th* assumption that
the manufacturer has fully and sufficient
ly tested. It may be, and doubtless often
is, his duty when placing the machine In
actual use to subject It to ordinary tests
for determining its strength ana effi
ciency."
The. Illinois Rule.
Two other views may be given slightly
differing from these. The Illinois view is
this: "When employers have, so far as the
employment cf reasonable skill and ex
perience enables them, employed experi
enced, skillful and prudent servants in the
use of their machinery, have selected good
and safe machinery, so far as known and
well recognized .test can determine, con
structed of proper material, free from de
fects so far as like tests will disclose,
neither reason nor Justice requires that
they should be held liable for Injuries that
may result."
The Pennsylvania Rule.
By the Pennsylvania rule "it may be
considered as now settled that if a person
employs others, not as servants but as
mechanics or contractors In an Indepen
dent business, and they are of rood char
acter, if there was not want of due care
in choosing them, he incurs no liability
for injuries to others. from their negli
gence or want of skill. If I employ a well
known and reputable machinist to con
struct a steam engine and It blows up
from bad materials and unskillful work
I am not responsible for any Injftry which
may result, whether to my own servant
or to a third person." • . - ¦
The Rules Compared.
These varying rule3 are now competing
for adoption by the courts of other States.
The Michigan rule requires employers to
test their appliances carefully before giv
ing them to their employes to us©. The
Illinois rule also requires tests to be made
such as are well recojmlzed; the New
York rule is that purchases from reputa
ble dealers or builders will suffice and no
tests are required of the employer, and
the Pennsylvania rule accords with this
view. The Federal rule is peculiar. It
adopts both views. In other words, an
employer can rely. on the reputation of a
purchaser in some cases; in others h«
must test the quality and strength of the
appliance or other thing to be used by the
employe, but throws not the faintest glim
mer of light on the cases on whtch tests
must be made. - The Federal rule leaves
all In the dark, each case must be deter
mined by Itself— whether a test ought to
have been made or whether th© empldyer
was justified in trusting to- the reputa
tion of the seller.
. In the case wherein the Federal court
applied this rule a railroad employer was
injured by the explosion of the boiler of
an engine. .Though the court does not
say directly that the company ought to
have inspected the engine bef ore» usin,r
it. it conveys the idea that It ought to
have done so and that this was done.
The Inspection of Foreign Cars.
The courts have had no little difficulty
in answering - another question, namely
what inspection ought to be made by a
railroad company of cars belonging to an-
other line that are received for tfca pur
pose of moving them over its own road.
Kvery one knows that this is a matter of
daily occurrence among railroad com
panies. The first thing to be noced In an
swering this question is the difference
between foreign cars that are Imperfoct
because they are not in good condition
and foreign cars that are imperfect be
cause they are faulty In construction for
use on another railroad than the one for
which they were madei Thus cars may
be perfectly adapted to their own road,
yet be very Imperfect for use on, another
because they have different coupling ap
pliances or are so much higher t&at they
cannot ba coupled with others only with
great difilcuUy or by using an unusual
coupler.
When a Foreign Car Need Not Be
Received.
A foreign car not In good condition need
cot bo received by another road; to this
rule all tha courts agree. If It is received,
what then? In New York, Vermont and
cozve other States the courts aray that the
receiving road is bound by tha sajne rule
that applies to it with respect to one of
Its own cars. Thus In the case of Gottlieb
agulnst a New York railroad Mr. Juatic*
Karl said that it was bound to Inspect for
eign, cars Just as it would its own. '"It
owes the duty of Inspection as master, and
is at least responsible for the conse
quences of such defects as would be dis
closed or discovered by ordinary inspec
tion. When cars come to it which have
defects visible or discoverable by ordin
ary inspection, it must either remedy such
defects or refuse to take such cars; so
much, at least, is due from it to its em
ployes. The employes can no more be said
to assume the risk of such defects in. for
eign cars than in cars belonging to the
company. Aj to such defects tile duty of
the company is tho same as to all cars
drawn over its road." This rule is dear
in th* States where it exists. All cars ara
regarded as alike, foreign or otherwise.
with respect to defects that may b« dis
covered oy ordinary inspection. And If
such are run, th© company la responsible
to Its employes for the consequences.
The Role in
¦ in Massachusetts and some other States
a different rule has been laid down, that
of inspection and nothing more. Thus, In
the case of Mack In against the Boston and
Albany Railroad the court declared that
while the obligation of drawing cars over
its road would not extend to t!aos« teat
were unsafe, yet If they were recurved tb<s
railroad's duty did not consist la rarnlsh
lns ¦ proper means for service, ta other
words, proper cars, but simply ta» duty
of inspection. Morewver this dnty In that
State is performed by employing enough
and competent inspectors who are to act
under proper superintendence and rales.
These inspectors are regarded as engaged
in a common employment with the brake
men of the cars inspected while In transit.
By this rule, therefore, a foreign car that
is defective reed not do received, but if
it Is passed by the inspector, and Injury
follows to some of th» employes, a brake
man, for example, he has so redres* be
cause both are. In the sam* common ser
vice-
Is not this conclusion a plain violation
cf another rule, that an employer must
provide suitable appliances, etc., for his
employes, and though he may delegate- the
duty of selecting them to another, yet the
employer Is responsible for hta neglljyisnoe
in dote? th!a and can In no way escape
from It. Surely iLjs an overthrow. In part,
of this primary rul«.
Foreign Cars That Are Imperfect In
Construction.
Turning now to the other rnje that
holds tha receiving company liable as
though the cars were Its own. It seems at
first as thmierh an employe had some
chance of redress If h» wer» injured by a
defect In such a car; but his chanc* soon
disappears by the application of another
rule, already considered, that an employer
is not liable for risks tnat ar% known by
the «mploy« and taken by continuing at
his post, and especially when he ffives no
notice of his discovery. Whtta, therefore.
there is a wide difference In form between
these rules, in effect the employer escapes
in nearly every case from liability tinder
either of them.
Let us pass to the recervtngr of foreign
cars, that are Imperfect simply because
they are constructed in a different man
ner from those of the reeelvm* company.
These must be received; the law is Im
perative, and the risk from attempting to
couple them and otherwise manage them
while In the possession of the receiving
company Is ono of the risks assumed by
the employes. Said the Suprema Court of
the United States, when applying this
principle In a ease Drought by an em
ploye of the Wabash Railroad Company,
who was Injured In coupling: a foreign
car: "It Is not pretended that theso cars
were out of repair, or in a defective condi
tion, but simply that they were construct
ed differently from the "WabajJi cars In
that they had doubl© deadwoods or bump
ers of unusual length to protect the draw
.bars. But all this was obvious to even a
pasgin? glance, and the rial: which there
was in coupling: such cars was. apparent.
It required no special akin or knowtedse
to detect it. The intervenor was no boy.
placed by the employer In a position of
undisclosed dancer, but a mature man, do
ing the ordinary work which he had en
raged to do. and whose risk in thla re
epect was obvious to any one. Under
thf9e circumstances he assumed the risk
of iuch an accident as this, and no r^sll
gence can be Imputed to the. employer-
ALBERT S. BOLLES.
University of Pennsylvania.
HO2XE STUDY CHICLE QUERIES.
S6. What noted reformer married a
87.* "What author of a celebrated sons
was known in hla boyhood aa "the Amer
ican Juvenile wonder'?
88. What American general, * unjustly
relieved of command, returned without
authority to hist 'old position and led his
men to victory?
S9. What famous Athenian statesman
thus proved that his Infant son com
manded th© world?
My Infant son roles his mother;
His mother rules m«;
I nil* th« Athenians;
Tho Athenians rule- th* Gre«k«j
Th« Ore«k» rnl« Europ*.
And Europe rules the world.
90. What American general wore n&
sword except upon the day of his surrea
der?
91 What grent astronomer, huvtnsr lost
his nose In a duel, wore a roftton oa&
which was made to adhere with cem?«tT
92. What famoas French author was
descended from a nearro?
$3. Who first used the term **the great
unwashed"?
94. What reformer's rones w»r» «
hunwd by order of th© Pope, burned and
scattered In the river Avon? I
95. What American general lived Trpon
acorns as an example to his starving
troops?
P6. Whom did Byron call "the blind old
bard r>' Scto's rocky Isle"?
97. What modern book cootains the
nme character represented to Sue's
"TVarniirlnjc Jew" ?
98. Who T*as "Fra Angellco" ?
99. Who was "Fra Angelica"?
100. What English general lost an ey»
In one battle, an arm in another and his
life in another?
Answers.
71. Grant Allen. 72. Catherine th«
Great 73. Shelley's. 74. Richelieu. 75.
Pillppo Ltppi. 78. Samuel Johnson. 77.
"William the Conqueror. 73. P.attla of
Lookout Mountain. 79. Bonaparte. 80.
Stonewall Jackson. 81. New Jersey. 82.
Great Pyramid of Glzeh. S3. Mary An*
brer. S4. Alice Cary. S5. Tennyson.
Copyright, 190O,
by Seymour Eaton.
AN EMPLOYER'S -DUTY TO MAKE INSPECTION
There la every possibility that Califor
nia will be honored by having a battleship
named after her. The weight. of influence
brought to bear on the President and Sec
retary of the Navy by the Chamber of
Commerce of San Francisco la beginning
to brinar about the desired result. Tho
representatives of this State in the upper
and lower houses of Congresa have cotn r
blned and are putting forth their effort*
to secure the coveted honor.
In the early part of the present monih
it became known to the local organization
that-U was the intention of the Navy De
partment to give the name California to
one of the new armored cruisers. While
the . residents of this State appreclatod
the great honor they deemed themselves
entitled to a battleship. Rather than have
the name of the Golden State on the
prow of the cruiser many were willing to
beg to be excused. When the board of
trustees of the local Chamber of Com
merce met on November 13 resolutions
were adopted and forwarded to tho Cali
fornia representatives at Washington.
The resolutions went on to say that it
has been customary to name battleships
after the States of the Union, and whl!e
appreciating that this cruiser would be
perhaps in size and cost equal to a battle
ship she would not be, nor 13 she intended
to be, equal In fighting ability. The reso
lution further stated:
V»> feel certain that the State of California,
not alone for Its great extent of territory, but
also from its vast resources, natural advantage*,
commerce and trade, and facing as it does the
awakening Orient, Is fully entitled to have its
name given to a ship which shall be in all re
epecta at least the equal of any afloat: there
fore the Chamber of Commerce of San Fran-
. Resolved. That we hereby most respectfully
request the honorable the Secretary of the
N'avy to hold back the name California until
such time as It can t*s given to a battleship
which shall be second to none, and we earnest
ly aslc the members of the California delegation
In Congress to Join with us In this our humble
request to the honorable the Secretary of the
Navy.
Secretary Scott of the Chamber of Com
merce was instructed to pen a letter to
Secretary Long and stt forth the views
of the organization. That he carried out
his instructions was evidenced by the fol
lowing: letter, which he received from the
Navy Department yesterday:
WASHINGTON. D. C. Nov. 19, 1900.
Sir — Tour letter of the 16th lnst.. inclosing
an attested copy of a resolution adopted by the
board of trustees of the Chamber of Commerce
of San Francisco, uklng that one of the bat
tleships bo named California, received, and I
shall be pleased to present the papers to the
President for consideration. Very respectfully.
JOHN D. LOXO,
Secretary of the Navy.
f To B. Scott, secretary. Chamber of Com
merce. San Francisco.
The Chamber of Commerce Sanguine
That It Will Win Its Fight
for th* Coveted
Honor.
Seoretary Long Places the
Matter Before Presi
dent McKinley.
BATTLESHIP
MAY TAKE NAME
OF CALIFORNIA
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, NOVEMBER 28, 1900.
<CHm SHI TO BE WEDDED
IN AMERICAN STYLE
Ch'n Shi Is a comely maid of 22 who ar
rived from China on the steamship
Cbica, and Is the heroine of a wedding
to be celebrated at 2 o'clock this after
noon in United States Commissioner Hea-
C ro^ r . 00rn ' CWn U who ji desplte **r name,
is rather reserved and taciturn, proved
to the satisfaction of the Commissioner
that she was born In San Francisco, and
is. therefore, an American citizen. Ac
cording to her story she was married in
the Chinese fashion to Gl Chung- Poo
three years ago. Gl being president of the
On Hlng Wo Company, of labor con
tractors. . ' ;
Ql and. Shi prefer to be remarried to
day .according to the American fashion,
but she says she will: continue: to love,
honor and obey her husband In the Chl-
nese fashion. - She spent last night" at the
Chinese Presbyterian : Mission, she lining
still In custody of the Chinese bureau, and
it is expected that United States District
Judge de Haven will confirm the report
of CommlBsIoner iHeacock and allow her
to be landed into the arms of her hus
band.
In the Divorce Court.
Decrees of divorce were granted yester
day to Carl Schutt from Mary Schutt for
desertion. Annie F- Robertson from John
A. Robertson for failure to provide, Stella
Beckstead from Frank Bectcstead for
willful neslect. and Caroline Collins from
CharlM H. Collins for willful neglect.
Salts for divorce were- flled vesterdar
by ErTio E. Larsen against Antone J.
Larson for failure to provide. Louisa S.
Dowse asralnst FJchard Dowse for cruelty
and Jndson J. Traver against Laura
Traver for cruelty.. •
Attorney General's Opinion.
THE CALL'S
HOME STUDY CIRCLE
7
I~A\A/ LESSORS: E/V\F»LO"VERS AND EMPLOYES.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
To Be Taksn at Dlnasr
Or with a rarebit, sandwich, ch* or
ateak— Evans' Ale or Stout. All dealer*. •
Concert- and Picture ; Exhibition
To-nlght at Mark Hopkins Institute of
Art, 8 untir 10. Admission 25 cents.- Open
daily 9 till 5. •
t^it fja «t'-!f*W k ' pf H W u Lf Stf- % B far u WJ m ft Jy£ Mw St^KY m wt ¦ MFajIKJ mTJ Jl mw M m «9f - S B kW 0 VSi&i&PfX.?-.. S
gySlJ^^^Ktf pi iQ Eg JS &m £iJnB3 B Em flf mw B B» fi^H JV mmm Bmmmmm Bs&te&B flvw B B tt^^mmWMW B BM Bt U WA mam "^-y^^ff?'^ ¦
I THF RTTTFS Mrs. Pinkham Cured these Women. ||
£ ' V —^t "Dear Mns. Pinkham: — I am glad of the 1
TO keep a * ' Stiff Upper Up " is almost impossible for an jti^^UfeSb privilege to tell of the great ff ood your medicine I
... /£^££S*^Kk has done me. I had in2:tinciation and falling of t
j diuu a \ru.iwu. (gl§; y/k the womb and inflammation of ovaries, and was '<
She doesn't like to Say anything about her troubles to M%t <* mm> * in &reat pain. I took medicine prescribed by a ;
\ her husband, because she knows they will worry him. W F* W p * F^t o b n* l^ did ?X?° e ?°5 / t last 1 heard >
I ' . . JJ. U f of LydiaE. Pinkham's Vegetable Compound, and 5
I She knows that he needs every minute of his time and Hsl J after uBing it faithfully, i am thankful to say i |
' all of his ingenuity to hold his position and make headway ,<|\ ~\sd am a wel1 woman - 1 w ° ul d advise ail suffering \
in hi<? business * M&fe&g&h*^ women to seek advice of Mrs. Pinkham. 1 remain ;
i^£$^£&M&JfL& asincerefn endof Mrs. Pinkham and her Veg^c- ,
She wants to help and not to hinder him. l^s^M^A^exu table Compound."— MRS. G. H.' chappell, \
i Yet, she has those awful sensations of weariness and ' — 1 Grant Park, iil •
: weakness which, fight as She will, she Cannot conquer. ' " Dear Mns. Pixkham :-For years I had suffered with painful men- \
% She has headaches and a dreadful bearing-down feeling struation every month. At the beginning of menstruation it was impos- S
to o sible for me to stand up for more than five minutes, I felt so miserable. '
3 which nothing relieves. She doesn't Sleep well, and is One day a little book of yours rethrown' into my house and I sat right 3
I frequently attacked with dizziness. . ftS^^u»X^S^^^?2SS 1 ?iM!: E
Sh*» tppn<? Kr>r trnnWf«5 tr> TiPrQ^lf no mn^ri oa nnec ;u fl new woman, and shall always praise the Vegetable Compound for what i
3 one Keeps ner iroUDies W) nerseir as mucn as possible it has done for me."— MRS. MARGARET ANDERSON, GO Maple Street, 1
\ and consults the doctor, who doesn't help her. Then she Lewiston, Me. y j
1 gets discouraged and blue, and after "a good cry," tells h il "Dear Mns. Pinkuam:— i cannot praise your i
! her troubles to her husband. • frW^W^ medicine enough When I wrote you last
i \%&$l^&^t<*} winter I was all cuscouraped. I had terrible
J Of course, her troubles are his troubles, but a man is (&&!r^ iH pains in my baclc and sides and felt weak - l \
ai^ys more hopeful than a woman. It is impossible for W^^-3 d^J^. 1^,^17^ I
him to understand how unbearable are her sensations. fi<y^&r~y§&y short and I have a large healthy child, which we j
"Now don't Cet the blues " he Ravs to her "IT^n «n $ JUJK [ I feel assured is the result of my taking Lydia E. I
OW| UOU4 ' t>. lue um^> ne says to ner. Keep on *&\ I pJnkhom's Vegetable Compound. I used ten I
with the doctors medicine and you'll be all right SOOn." y ' "^^ 4 / bottles of your medicine and two boxes of Liver \
CVia la **inwv «lt A »tf.,i t~ ~ u'i cl ii i i , ,, 4 / Pills. I betr of you to accept mv thinks for what I
She IS more cheerful for a while after that, but the W^^. you have done for me. I would advise every j
*• medicine doesn't do her any good, and the feelin^ of failure x^%^^§^^^ vroman in a pregnant, condition to take your
j comes back, bringing the old melancholy and depression of ESS"? I
Spirit. 1 MRS.w.A.etCKCR j BECKER Shenan^o Pa.
; Let this disconsolate woman turn to Mrs. Pinkham " Deab Mrs. Pikkham :-I snff ered for several years with falling of I
and She wiU get the help she needs In everv n pi p-hhor- the womb. Was treated by some of the best doctors in the city, but they . '|
, ,n r , , , u « ci y uwguour failed to cure me. After taking six bottles of Lydia E.PInkham'sVcgc- I
hOOd tnere are women Who have been helped by her, and table Compound, I am a well woman. The pain in my back has left me I
flTmn^f PVPrv rliv thics mnpr r»Ti'r>fa WfaTK- *V^~, r.~«,~ r after taking the second bottle. Your medicine has done for me what the I
almost every aay tins paper prints letters from SOme Of doctors could not do, and I wish all who are troubled with female weak- f
those grateful hearts. ness might know its worth."— MRS. SARAH HOLSTEIN, 3 Davis Block, |
~» .,. ... _ \ Gorham St., Lowell, Mass. ;!'?; B
If you are ailing and discouraged, why not do as these ; — ; |
-women have done an£ get the advice Mrs. Pinkham bo Mrs. Johnson Is helped through «• Change of Life." B
freely offers to every suffering woman ? Her address i<* " T)EAR Mrs * PnntHAM :— I send you this letter to publish for the g
_ r " ° benefit of others. • I was sick for about nine years so that I could not do B
Lynn, MaSS. ¦ : — . my work. For three months I was in bed and n
Mrs. Pinkham's medicine ha 3 a well-deserved ropnta- I- 0%&§k I !Yri^ liSS^t'dS^wd'ruaSS;™™ 1
tion for Curing the ills that give women the blues. It Over- Gt&^^wmS no help for me. My trouble was change of life. M
A i. i • i -a- j .i . W Tffl I suffered with ulceration of the womb, pain in §1
comes menstrual irregularities and pain, all uterine and ffi sides, kidney and stomach trouble, backache, |
ovarian disorders, and brings the nervous System to a W^rei>*s! headache, and dizziness. I heard of your reme-|
. , . ., i ,?. . . J w rt W r y // dies and began their use. Bv the tune I had taken §
normal state. An ideal medicine for women is /\ U eight bottles of Lydia E. Pinkham's Vegetable I
\ '*j*_^ I Compound, two of the Blood Purifier, four boxes I
' — mm pi shv ¦». gg tm mm ':'-".'¦' -*•»¦" - \ "~*ir / of Liver Pills, and used f our packages of Sanative r t
H %?&§?;£% iF\, t^BBQckrlfai££l!!fflQP&* Kis-*Xf$$ "Wash, I was well and strong and felt like a new' I
tt! **mJ/ *&&&&& lema U mamtim\ilUGrikag3 y£# person. My recovery is a perfect surprise to P
lyS^SBBaKSwffifflN. everybody that knew me. There is no need of j
& t&k^$&>\L$&t&&a&a' charlotte, johnson your remedies, for they are a sure cure," — MRS. M
.* I .. dLj CHARLOTTE JOHNSON, Monclora, Ohio. ||
$£7-™ a /G^bk /^^fek /&P^£k |Q VZL m \&mf fa Df^ OwinR to the fact that some skeptical people have "from time to time questioned H
l&XiSrL C* »W ra» a it tC UHM r\ I J the penninenoss of the testimonial letters we are constantly publishing, we have H
« f3U. Bm M "¦=¦¦»» n ¦ ¦ fc^ deposited with the National City Bank, of Lynn, Miisa.. *5,000, which will be paid &J
?V_J/ 1&±J& yL JS X^^lf xo . aaT , Person who can show that the above teBtimoniala are not genuine, or were published before obtaining the K
"^^r writers 'special permission.— Ltdia E. Pemxham MitDiCiNB Co., Lynn, Mass. HNew York Stock Market.
NEW TORK. Nov. 27.— Selling to take profit
again ovtrcame the market to-day and the
general level of etock prices is lower than lt
¦mas last night. The day's net changes, which
are fractional except in a few stocks. Rive
no idea of the wide movement cf prices during
the day nor of the notable strength shown at
times by a few stocks. This Is due to the
fact tfiat the market was generally strong In
tfce early dealings and was only carried be-low
last nlgtit's level by a very sharp reaction,
which also reduced the eains of the strong
etocke. The notably strong points were in the
coalers. Southern Hallway preferred. Baltimore
and Ohio, Southern Pacinc and the American
f melting stocks. The movement In the coal
e;s r.as helped by the wintry weather re
ported. The movement caused the revival of
eld rumors of consolidation or change of con
trol, the effect being notably manifest In New
Jersey Central, which rose 6 points to 149, re
acting 1H- The business In the group was
eruall except In the Readings, which reflected
very heavy and concentrated buying. The
first preferred rose at one time 2% and closed
& point lower. Large buying continued of
{Southern Railway preferred and rumors con
tinued of a coming Increase of dividend and
a dissolution of the voting trust. This was
about the only stock except the Denver and
lilo Grande of yesterday's strong group which
held out to-dey. The American Smelting stock
rose 2% and 1% for the common and preferred
en talk of the absorption of the principal com
peting Interest. International Power rose 4
points without explanation. Shortly before ths
close, very large buying of Southern Pacific
came Into force, the Individual transactions
running from one to six thousand shares and
lifted the stock 2 points. During tie early
part cf the day when the general market was
strong the eteel and copper etocks were weak.
The Bte*"l stocks showed a disposition to rally,
especially Ste*I and Wire, which got above
44 at one time. The stock closed unchanged.
AmeJr&mated Copper was very heavily sold
and late In the day fell to &4H and cloned
with a net lc«s of %. The general reaction
In the market was not accompanied by any
unfavorable development In* the general con
ditions, but to disappointment of some specu
lative expectations. The principal of these was
that to-day'e London Stock Exchange settle
ment would deveiop a very heavy short In
terest In America. On the contrary It was
chown that quite a large long account existed
In America and that London sold stocks her*
lor the new account. Another speculative as
ruaflcn was that Chicago and the West had
been prevented yesterday by the Interruption
of. wire communications from buying stocks
Gas and Electric continued the leading stock j
In point of activity on the momins session of
the Bond Exchange, declining from $48 to J4S 23
under free selling. Otherwise there was noth
lns new.
In the afternoon Gas and Electric continued
excited, selling at UC 2i£« 87H. the feellns be-
Injr rather steadier. The sugar stocks were I
firm.
The feature on the Oil Exchange was th«
aetlvlrv In Petroleum Center, some thousands
of shares selling, a» will be seen below.
STOCK AND BOND EXCHANGE.
TUKSDAT, Nov. 27—2:30 p. m.
UNITED STATES BONDS.
Bld.Aak. I BId.Ask.
is qnar coup.116 HS?i 4s do cp (new)lSS 133
4s do regr 116 116^i !Ss do coup 110U111
MISCELLANEOUS BONDS.
Bay Co P Co.104 — Oak Water 5s..l(S —
Cal-et Cab 3s.llS% — Oceanic SS Ss.110%111
G C Water 6s.lOS^lC9'i Om C Ry 6s... 12S 129',i
Ed L & P 68.. .131 — Pac G Imp 4s..K2 —
F & Cl Ry 6a. — — P & Cl Uy 6s.. 10a —
Geary-st E is. — — P&ORR 6s.ll514 —
H C & S 6Hs.. — — Powell-st R €s — —
Do 5s 100*4 — Sac E GiR 5s.lW 100^4
L A Ry 09.... 110^111^4 SFi SJV »s. — 120
L A Lt Co 6s.. — 103 S R of Cal 6s.. — 113
• Do cntd 6s.. — — S P of A «s...H3 112^
L A smtd 5s.. .100 1C2 S P C Cs (190C)
L. A P R R os.lCIH — (Series A)....109-H —
Market-st 6s... 12!.% — Do(Serles BU10H —
Do 1st M 5s.l2CVi — Do (1906) 112 —
NCNOR78. — 1U Do (1912) 120 —
N R of Cal 6s. IUU — S P R 1st g 5s.lO7U —
Do 6s 119 — S P n 6s 131 —
X P C R R 6S.101 — S V Water 69.114HlH',a
Do os 1CS 10SU Do 4s 10:»i —
N Cal Ry 5s...ll3'4 — Do 3d mtsre.lOSVi —
Oak OL& H.llOJa — Stktn Gas 6s.. 101 —
Oak Tran 6s.. 118 119
WATER STOCKS.
Contra Costa.. — 71H Spring Valley. 93 —
Marln County. S1H —
GAS AND ELECTRIC STOCKS. m
Cent L & P Co - 414 Pac L Co — " —
Equit G L. Co. 3 3^ Sac B G&R Co — 40
Mutual El Co.. — 8% S P O & E-... 46% 46*4
0 Q L & H.... — 50^i|San Francisco. — 5
Pac Gas Imp.. — E0 IStktn G&E Co — 14
INSURANCE STOCKS.
Firem'8 Fund.227% — 1
BANK STOCKS.
Anglo-Oal Ltd. 69 — First Natlonal.299 305
Bonk of Cal... — — Lon P & A. ...140 —
Cal S L> & T. — VSZK Merchants' Ex 16 IS
SAVINGS BANKS.
Ger S & L. — 1900 Sav & L So... — 81
Hum S & L... — — Sac Sav Bk.... — —
Mut Sav Bk... 50 — Union T Co — —
S F Sav Un...515 —
STREET RAILROAD STOCKS.
California ...:.12S — ,O S L & II.... 33 48H
Geary-st — BO Presidio — 22
Harket-st 69% 70 I
POWDER STOCKS.
California — 160 Vigorit S% 8%
Giant Con Co.. S4 HM
SUGAR STOCKS.
Hana S P Co.. 6% ~V» KUauea S Co.. 20 T 4 —
Haw C 4 S Co f 5 %~Vi Makaweli S Co 40^ 41
Honokaa S Co. 31T4 — Onomea S Co. 29Vi —
Hutch S P Co. 25% 16 Paauhau S Co 32 32%
MISCELLANEOUS STOCKS.
Al Pack Asn..l24?il23 Pac A P A.... 2% -
2al Fruit Asn. — 105 Pac C Bor Co. — 132
Her Ex Assn.. 97 100 Par Paint Co.. ISM —
Dceanlc S Co.. 99%100
Mornins Session,
Board—
90 Equitable Gas SOD
90 Hana Plantation Co 7 00
10O Honokaa S Co 31 50
$1000 Los Angeles Ry Ss 110 75
10 Makaweli S Co 41 25
40 Makaweli S Co 41 00
10 Oceanic S S Co 91 SO
65 Oceanic S S Co 1 99 75
60 Paauhau S P Co 31 62V4
25 S F Gas & Electric Co 47 75
25 S F Gas & Electric Co 47 25
25 S F Gas & Electric Co 47 00
165 S F Gas & Electric Co 43 75
50 S F Gas & Electric Co, s 90 45 75
25 S F Gas & Electric Co 46 62Vi
60 S F Gas & Electric Co 48 60
50 S F Gas & Electric Co 48 25
100 8 F Gas & Electric Co, s 90...1 48 25
SO S F Gas & Electric Co. s 90 4S 50
$1000 Sacramento Elec Gas & Ry Sa 1C0 25
G Spring Valley Water 93 25
100 Vigorit Powder s 37%
Street—
lOIyP & A Bank 140 50
Afternoon Session.
Board—
20 Hawaiian Com'l & Sugar 83 00
25 Honokaa S Co 3175
10 Honokaa S Co 32 00
60 Hutchinson S P Co 25 73
160 Market Stre«t • Railway i........ 70 CO
$17,000 Northern Ry of Cal 5s 119 25
90 Paauhau S P Co 31 75
50 Paauhau S P Co. b 30 32 00
1 50 Paauhau S P Co : 32 00
M Pacific Gas Imp 43 00
$3000 Ga«ramento Elec. Gas & Ry 5s 100 12»,i
&0 S F Gas & Electric Co 46 25
150 S F Gas & Electric Co, 3 90 48 25
£0 S F Gas & Electric Co 46 37%
30 S F Gas & Electric Co 48 50
60 S F Gas & Electric Co. s 90. 46 50
23 S F Gas & Electric Co 46 62%
60 S F Gas & Electric Co 46 75
23 S F Gaa & Electric Co, a 90 r». 48 75
15 8 F Gas & Electric Co 46 87%
90 Spring Valley Water 93 12%
$30 COO Spring Valley Wat 4s (2d mortK)..103 12%
. ¦ Street—
$5000 S F & S J V bonds 119 75
PRODUCERS' OIL EXCHANGE.
Morning Session.
Board—
1100 Cala-^tandard 32
100 Four Oil Co 41
100 Lion Oil Co 40
500 McKtttrlck Consolidated 60
300 Occidental 68
1200 Occidental 65
400 Petroleum Center 23
THE STOCK MARKET.
Harvard never forgave nor forgot the
sacrllesre. and P.utW tv-as the only Gov
ernor of Massachusetts to whom she de
nied the superemlr.pnt distinction of an
honorary decree. Whether Butler's death
¦was due to chacrin and blijrh-Ted ambition
or to natural causes is still a moote-l
question In Massachusetts.— Philadelphia
North American.
New York Grain and Praduce.
Climate and Crop Reports.
The rer^rt cf A. G. McAdie. section director
cf the climate and cn^p ser\k-e of tlie V>'*ather
liureau, Bor tiie week ending Monday Is a» fol-
Icws:
"The etorm cf la.Ft woek coatSnurd a!mo«t
v.ithout [nterxnptiaa until tbe nd. havir.. 1 ? been
heaviest in the sov:th during the prf*P:it wefk.
It was swoompar.ied ai.J followed by cooler
weather in the pr*at valley*, with heavy 5T!Dw
iuW In the mountain district?. ar,«l neatly nor
tr.al tmuxratnre in ether »potionp, wl»h doudl
iit«a and U ps at the cioe« of th<" w"k. The
Fiurm thn>U£hout lia:' l^^n mnH beneficial to
rurricultun.1 interests In all rarts *•' l^ e State.
lilid has rr-moved all arrrfliension of a Ury sea
son. In lact the OQtlOOk for a favorable rea-
BOO and heavy crops 1* far letter than ha« ex
j?:ed ut this period ?or many rears. lligli
winds In the central end northern fleotions and
«ib.iormally heavy rainiall In th^ eouthern por
tion have ca.uF<-d considerable damage tu build
ings, fences, fruit tree? and vegetable fleMs,
and It Js rrpcrt' >i that citrus orchards in Fouth
t-rn California J-.ave beon quite eeriously in
jured by fi'x.is. With the possible exception of
<Iama«re to railway and Etrf^tcar lines i*ald to
l>e considerable in the south). It is rwll*v«>d
the lujurj- resulting froni the etorm will prove
corr.parat*;vr!y insignificant, in view of ih«
gr»at benefn to b« derived In «-!l agricultural
*r.i hortlcultura: llr-.tr.
•¦Farm w.ork has been temporarily susprnaefl.
but ¦rill be rwumed tt ence. and prain plant
ing will be rushed forward with vigor. The
prospect for er. increased acreage of grain is
even better than last wetk. liixly sown Rraln
and j»aj«tuni«e are in excellprt condition. Or
ar^e pickiiK ar.d e!:lpv»ln« have be«n resumed
In the pait Tew <iays."
Diitd fruit and ffiQa s in V$w York
SM adx-lo-a from New Tork «ay:
"Demand for walnuts of all kinds contlnu«« j
very artlve jLnd the market is <-xoee<JlnrIy {
curing. Grcnobles attract chief attention, be- ;
cause of their «xtreme scarcity, there being j
practically no spot gomis left In flr»t hands, j
1'ricxs OJ-e etrcr.g &.r.S advancing. lius!nt«» '• i
r*i«*n~<i nt U".c. and corr.e eaJes. It le said,
liave l-^n n:aJe a» hifih as 12c. The e\iip\y :
Of Orenotles for the r«-ft of th* TJ.enk!«)rlvinjj; |
traie will be light at th« best. The Manjuette. ;
Clrcct irvrr. :iavr»- and Bordcao^ 1* dua to-day, j
•»:tl. a quaritity th« emourt <>t which will not [
be known until th<? boat jflf In. Tin? n»xt lot •
trtll arrive < a. the St. Louis, from Liverpool. .
:.^>.t wwk. Napl.-K are In good den.end at quo- ;
tatlcns. Cornes and Cahcis are Klijfhtly higher. :
lhere le a g..od lnquiiy for t'alifomia walnuts.
bat th^r^ are not many here. The market on
falliorr.itis Is about He higher also. Sicily fil- ,
bf rte are going: out :r«?!>- at USH^c- Other
B8ta an; rather quiet, parttcuiarly o.lrr.or.a«.
"Tbe ma.rket en r.ew EVtsUn detea Is strcr.g, j
end caJe* yesterday wore reported on a llbei-al
e.fc .- iTunc* axe la good jobbing demand, but
California raisins are ft ill In a very bad way/
¦»lth quite h-avy rejections of goo-is just ar
rived. Ual&pus are in pjrr.e re'jueft. tut \ a
ler.cias are net much wanted. Jobben are weM
ctcckad DP with raiFlr.f of all kinds, and crrn
t.uniptive demand is not whet was expected.
l^ir.ans! for jfeaoh^s. t^arf. apricot?, etc., 1* '
l:j,ht. Evaporated a;>i U'S hav* sofn?ne<l up a •
l.ttl*-, J rime on The t;iot I'f'.r.e ofT»r^ed fre»!y
at ~\c with no nf-w business rt-yorted. Waste .
Js Blightly higher."
Exports of Lumber.
Experts of Lumber from this port during the ;
f.rst ten mor.ths of the year were 1S.7S7,OOO feet, j
>alued at (377.00, against Ii.lll.C00 feet tt
I4M.CC* during ihe Fame tln-.e last year.
Exports of Wine.
Exports Of Wine from this pert by sea flur- j
Jr.g the Brat ten months cf the year wer« j
E.CIC.EnO pa'lons rjn-i 70C4 cases, valued at tl.416.- ;
ISO. a^alnft I.1GZ.C35 gallons and £SS1 ca-««8 at
?1,<!^,€16 during the fame time last year.
Foreign Imports.
rc-rclgn !mr>ortB at this port Anri-ng trie first
ten mcr-ths of the year were ?34,793,2'.K>, against ;
ti^.ClS.S'".'" curing the same time iast year, the i
leading sources being as fallows: From Japan. |
JT lS«.£rOO: China. S6.ZVt.~AQ>; Grtat Britain. 12.
2S6.«C0: France, ll.t,lZ.$O<r. Germajiy. I1.224.G00;
Central America. S2.ZZ2.7iO: Ilritlth Columbia.
RIULM*; East Indies. |2,835,»0.
Weather Report.
<T2rth Meridian — Pacific Time.)
SAN FRANCISCO, Nov. 27—5 p. a.
The fcMo-wir.g are the seasonal rainfalls to
ficte. as compared r.-ith thof=e of the same <Jat©
last Feason. and rainfalls in the last twenty
four hours:
San Francisco data: Maximum temperature,
t\; ir.initr.um, 47; mean. 34.
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
FORECAST.
The pressure continues hl«?h over the Rocky
Mountain region. It has fallen rapidly over
Washington and there are indications of the
ciproach of an area of low pressure over Van
couver Ifland. At the present time conditions
an- moif favorable for the eastward passage
of this low than for Its ffiuthern pussaKe.
The temperature has remained nearly station
ery over the southern half oi the Pacific slope.
Over Idaho. Eastern Washington and Eastern
Ortgcn then? hP.B bet-n a rapid fall.
No rain lias fallen west of the Itocky Moun-
Forecast made at San Francisco for thirty
b'urs ending mi<Jr.!Kl;t, November 2S. 1S0Q:
Northern California— Fair Wednesday, with
cloudy weather in northern portion; light south
erly wind*; fog on the coast.
Southern California— Fair Wednesday; light
rortherly windR.
Nevada^-Fair Wednesday.
Utah-Fair Wednesday.
Arizona— Fair Wednesday.
Saa FranclFco and vicinity— Cloudy Wednes
dev light northerly, chancing to southerly
¦Winds. ALEXANDER G. McADIE.
Forecast Official.
LIVERPOOL.
Wheat— Dec. Feb. Mar.
Opening 5 10% 5 11*;
Closing 5 10vi 6 00
PARIS.
Wheat— Nov. Mar.-June.
Opening 19 93 21 CO
Closing ; .....20 00 2160
Flour— ,
Opening .". 25 95 27 60
Closing 26 00 27 55
Chicago Livestock Market.
CHICAGO. . Nov. 27.— CATTLE— Receipts,
7000; steers generally about- steady; butchers'
stock closing weak to 10c lower; good to prime
eteers, $5 35@5 85; -poor to medium, J4 25©5 25;
selected feeders steady, 13 50JT4 25: mixed stock
ers, slow, $2 23Q3 6S; cows, $2 65@4 23; heifers,
CHICAGO. Nov. 27.— November corn, with
Phillips Etill In control and shorts trylns in
>very way to get No. 2 to deliver to him be
ore the close next Friday, was the feature on
:he Board of Trade to-day and, while not
spectacular, was fairly active. For delivery
:hls month corn sold between 49c and Clo and
:losed lc higher at 50o. Private elevators de
livered 30,000 bushels of contract grade and
if the receipts, 529 cars, but 57 cars graded
•cntract. Contract stocks for the week, 1,151,
00 bushels, show an increase of 461.000 bushels.
It was reported that Ehorts had ordered No. 2
JOra previously shipped to Buffalo and Mon
treal to be shipped back here by fast freight.
IT.e report had no effect on the market as It
is doubtful that the corn can be brought hero
n time for delivery Friday. Phillips . sold
j-bout 2QO.OOJ bushsla during the setelon. Much
jf the buying was on stop-loss orders from
shorts. December was firm early on light
:6untry acceptances, but during the afternoon
). drive was made at it and the price fell %c
December closed %@%c down at 36c.
Wheat was dull and inactive. The market
oi>ened weak. December lower at 70V*®
:o%c on weak cables, but rallied later to
'C%@70%c on reports of damages to the crop
in the Southwest. The report that the Czar
had died influenced considerable selling near
the end of the session and December dropped
sharply to 70%c. The close was weak. %Sj%c
lower at 70Vic. There was considerable chang
ing of December for May at 3%c difference.
A Bcarcity of news due to trouble with tele
graph wires again interfered with business.
There was little change in the monotonous
situation in oats. December closed a shade up
at 21T4C.
Provisions were easier early on a heavy run
of hogs, but rallied later on buying by an ln
(lutntlaJ trader. There waa a moderate out
side demand and the close was fairly steady,
although at some recession from the top. Jan
uary pork closed unchanged. Lard 2%c lower
and ribs a shade down.
The leading futures ranged as follows:
Cash quotations were as follows: Flour, dull
and unchanged; No. 3 spring wheat, 6S^71c;
No. 2 red, 70%S7SVic; No. 2 corn, 48@49%c; No.
2 yellow. 45%©er0c; No. 2 oats, 22%© 23c; No. 2
white, 26%c; No. 3 white. 24%@2&Vio; No. 2
rye, 49c; fair to choice malting: barley, 57@5Sc;
No. 1 flaxseed, $164%; No. 1 Northwestern,
$1 66%; prime timothy seed, $i 25@4 35; mess
pork, per barrel, $11 22%<3>11 25; ; lard, per 10>>
pounds, J7®7 05; short rib sides (loose), $6 62%('f
6 72V^; dry Baited shoulders (boxed), 15 87%5?
6 12%; short clear sides (boxed). $6 80.ff6 SO;
whisky, basis of high wines, Jl 27; sugars, cut
loaf, 6.15c; granulated, 5.C0c; confectioners' A,
E.50c: off A. 5.40c; clover, contract grade, $10.
Articles — Receipts. Shipments.
Flour, barrels 12,000 13,000
Wheat, bushels .....131,000 25,000
Corn, ' bushels 340.0CO ' 420.0)0
Oats, bushels 137,000 • 112,000
Rye, bushels ....... ..... 5,000 2.000
Barley, bushels 130,000 15.000
On the Produce Exchange to-day the butter
market was quiet; creamery, 15@23%c; dairies,
12@2Oc. Cheese, active, 10Vi®ll%c. Eggs, fairly
n.~ltv<»- frpuh. 22e. .V - _ ¦
NEW YORK. Nov. 27.— FLOUR— Receipts,
S8.1C0 bbls; exports, 12,544 bbis; market was
well sustained, with a moderate demand at old
prices,
WIIDAT— Receipts. £2,545 bushels) exports,
40,881 bUFhcls: epot, firm; No. 2 red, 77!fce f.
o. b. afloat, r 7GHc elevator; No. 1 Northern
Duiuth, 82 r >ia't. o. b. afloat; No. 1 hard Du
luth, SC%c f. o. b. afloat. Option* opened easy,
reflecting: lower cables and selling 1 by room
operators. A eubspciix-nt recovery, based on
fairly !arg* clearances, the strength In corn
anil moderate local ooverlngr, yielded finally
to depression, prompted by disappointing ex
port developments and closed weak at %o net
decline; March, 79*i'59<?ygc, doeed at 73%c;
May. 7S»i©79 13-18c, closed at 79*io: November
cloeed at 78%o; December closed at 76%c.
HOPS— Steady.
HIDES— Firm.
WOOL— Quiet.
COFFEE-Spot Rio, quleti No. 7 Invoice.
7'iir71»c; mild, quiet; Cordova, 8%©18*io. Fu
tures closed steady, with prices CCflO points net
lower; total sales. 29,000 bags. Including No
vember, J5 C3^rC 10; December, (6 10; January, ;
}6 :t'j6 25; FeM-uary. J5 30; March, 10 30#6 40;
April, $8 40OC iZ; May, |S 45GS CO; July. f« D5;
August, }5 €0; September, SO COga 65; October.
JO «G6 70.
SUGAIt— Raw, steady; refined, weak.
BUTTEK — rLecelpts, E700 pa<rka«P9; uteaJy;
creamery. 18Q25c; Juno cr«imcry, lS323c; fuc
ton . - 12S.1CC.
EGGS— Receipts. CESS package; firm; West
ern regular packing, ttt mark, 20!|J23Vie: West
ern, loss off, 2Cc.
DRIED FRUITS.
The market for evaporated apples ruled
rather quiet, but about steady at unchanged
i;rlc(8 on the basis of 42?uc for State common;
prime, 4%415'ic; choice, L\i'iiZc; fancy, 6@,GVic.
California fruits inactive. Prunes were quoted
nominally at 3Mi5j£V-c per pound.
APRICOTS— Jloyal. I4o; Moorpark. 1C@1Sc.
PEACHES— reeled, lC§»c; unpeeled, CS9c.
very largely, but the opportunity of to-day
was not taken advantage of.
the money market continue very «sy in 'P»e
of the pain by the sub-treasury _ from^the ! banks
on n.utine operations and the a-PPn«ch i of.
the monthly settlement period, which " sua i'5
makes demands en the money market, ine
action of the money and exchange markets In
re.pp.mg? to London's operations In stocks fUo
ce: t3 that Lon<i..n-B speculative operations here
! are belns carried with local money market
fUcflitieB? Thus to-day» Eelllngr by Lon Jon
had no erre^t on the <-» cl ' a^^\ marke^_ w^. C t e
was lower in pplte of the hieher money rate
: in London. The easier tendency of local mono
mipht be due to the release of funds caused ,
bv the l^onJon liquidation.
"Th* bond tnarkel was active and vriwa were
hiphpr. Totat saLes. par valu*-, l*,<>.o.vm.
United States 3s declined hi and the new
and old 4s advanced 'A on the last call.
.hare, X ° RK "^ "^
Suld. Ptock— u i£i,
5O.aw Atchisoa - *• J,J|
ai.&O'J Atchitnn prefd • " ??J* |
4,iM) lialtlmore & Ohio Ji^ j
CanaJian Pacific ••••• «' !
2,600 Canada Southern £*£ :
13.W<X) Chesapeake & Ohio «»/i ,
l.C>00 ChloaKo Great Western I™ :
H.0C0 Chicago Burlington & Qulfccjr ii^» <
ChlcaKi Ind & Louisville km !
ECO Chicago Ind £t Louisville prefd .... b.Js !
800 Chicfigo & Eastern Illinois S'H ;
2M Chicago & Northwestern J»»
4.EC0 < liicaco Rock Ieland & PaclUc 11.^*
tOO C C C & St l»uls 6 »H
1.2W Colorado Southern '. ',*
4W Colorado Southern lit prefd «» ,
1C0 Colorado Southern 2d prefd i^rt j
!>C»a L>ela«are & Hudson "•
600 IVlaiR are I^ackawanna & Western.. 1S2 |
ro.T'K) Denrw & ltio Grande 24 a * ¦
ll.fciiO JVnver &. Hio Grande prefd <5.i j
1.CW) Krie W*\
I.1C0 Krie 1st preM < u Jfc i
1.100 Great Northern prefd 1»1^»
1.809 Hocking Coal £>•» !
700 llck:klne Valley *?
COO Illlnoie Central »**»
100 Iowa Central »^H
100 Iowa. Central prefd «
l^ekB l>!e & Western "§Vi
40» l^ako Erte & Western prefd.... IOj •
l^ake Shore 21 «J4
Louisville & Nashville **r* '
1S.W0 Manhattan Elevated lW^s i
22.900 Metn.u>olltan Street Railwty 17.** |
3.100 SioJilcan Central 1S3? S •
2.»<iO Minneapolis A- St Loulfl «4 j
MlnneapollH & St I>ouls prefJ 99 ;
SS.OUO Missouri Paclflc E9 "* :
UK) Mobile & Ohio z l]i
3.100 Missouri Kansas & Texas L%. I
P.SW Miwourl Kansas 6; Texas prefJ.... 8^ i
6.S0O New Jersey Central "lif'l
6 li-0 New York Central 1*<J%. I
ll.fcO Norfolk & Western 4-Jk
Norfolk & Western prefd s^h ;
45.100 Northern Pacinc wji j
S.3C0 Northern Pacinc prefd \
g.C'OO Ontario & Western »j;7» ;
Orpgon Railway & Nav «
Oregon Railway &. Xav prefi 8 j
12,300 Pennsylvania **JH 1
6.1C-0 Heading «H
9J.600 Reading let prefd n
S.Om Reading 2a prefd ji*}'
lilo Grande We.stpm '0 j
Itio Grande Western prefd 85 ¦
B.frW Hi Louie & San Fran 19% ,
UA 6t Louis & San Fran 1st prefd 74 .
LL'ju £t Louie & San Fran 2d prefd 46J 4 j
1.1'ai ft Lr.'Jis i?ouihweftern 14-i :
1O.€'O et Lcuis Southwestern prefd 38
16.C00 El Paul 12*H ,
200 £t Paul prefd 1'E'j i
St Paul & Omaha no !
144,4X1 fcouthern Pacinc wV» I
74.SC* Southern Railway 17^a
24.700 Southern Railway prefd 60'i, j
9.200 Texas & Paclflc li 1^ i
•40.600 t-'nicn Pacific "2V4
T.2U0 Union Pacinc prefd &l*i j
b(« Wabash b. !
1,1*00 V.' abash prefd 2'J 7 * I
L2M Wheeling & Lake Erie lOH !
COO Wheel! n« & Lake Erie 2d prefd 2sU |
4CO A\"lsconsln Central 11 1
National Tube 61 I
3>.O National Tube prefd 102%
400 Third Avenue 112
4.SC0 Baltimore & Ohio prefd 84%
Express Companies—
Adams ......•..••.133
American 162
United States 48
Wells Fargo 120
Miscellaneous—
550 American Cotton Oil SlVi
American Cotton Oil prefd 81 ¦
American Malting 4%
100 American Malting prefd 23
8,103 American Smelttn* & Refining 51%
1,<\K) American Smelting & Refining pfd. 96^i j
American Spirits , V* |
American Spirits prefd 1< |
C70 American Bteel Hoop 29% i
American Steel Hoop prefd 76H
5L800 American Steel & Wire 43%
LMO American Steel & Wire prefd S6%
2. 1M American Tin Plate 42\
100 American Tin Plate prefd 88
E.100 American Tobacco 1C9%
American Tobacco prefd 135
6,203 Anaconda Mining Co 43% i
16.600 Brooklyn Rapid Transit 73% ;
4.200 Colorado Fuel & Iron 52% ;
7.&00 Continental Tobacco 36^4 ;
l^fl Continental Tobacco prefd ...; 94 j
11.600 Federal Steel 49% i
2,600 Federal Steel prefd 75%
1.2M General Electric 1<»
Glucose Sugar to
Glucose Sugar prefd 102
2,300 International Paper 23% I
1,400 International Paper prefd 72 j
Laolfde Gas 71%
National Biscuit 38
National Biscuit prefd 92
100 National Ltad 2!>
National L*ad prefd 92\4 j
1,200 National Steel 3S^i j
100 National Steel prefd 91H j
1,000 New York Air Brake 161
10,400 North American WVi
Pacinc Coast 57 .
Pacific Coast 1st rrefd SI
Pacific Coast 2d prefd 67
200 Pacific Mall 44
45.810 People's Gas 1004
1.CW Pressed Steel Car 51*4
100 Pressed Steel Car prefd S5
230 Pullman Palace Car 190
Standard Rope & Twine 5^4
21.100 S.URar 13SH I
Sugar prefd U fi
6.S00 Tennessee Coal & Iron 72
4,600 United Rtat»s Leather 14
900 United States Leather prefd 75%
T.2O0 United States Rubber 29Vi
1, 233 United States Rubber prefd 87
„ Wrstern Union 84
l,?00 Republic Iron & Steel 16%
COO Rfnuhlic Iron & Steel prefd (ZVt
P C C & St L 56
33,600 Amalgamated Copper'. 93%
894.300 Shares sold.
CLOSING BONDS.
U S 2» res ref.-..105»4: N Y Cent 1«U ....109
Do coup 105141 1* J Cent gen 6s.. 125%
Do 3s rear 110 N Pac 2s 7OV4
Do 3s coup 110% • Do 4s 104%
Do new 4s reg,.133 N Y C & St L 4s.lO7
Do new 4s coup.. 138 Nor & W con 43.. 99%
Do old 4s reg...H6 Or Nav lsts 109
Do old 4s -coup. .116 Do 4s 104
Do &s ree 113% O S Lino 6s 127%
Do 5s coup 113'4 Do con E.s 115
Dis of Col 3. 65s.... 124%, Reading Gen 4s .. 89T4
Atch gen 48 101WR G W lsts' 99%
Do adjt 4s 8S\i!S L & I M con 5s.ll2%
Canada So 2-is 108 !S L & S F Gen 6s. 128
Ches & Ohio 4%s..l01H St P con 173%
Do 5s .: 120 iStPC 4P Ists..ll9»»
C &; N con 7s. ...139 I Do 5s 119%
Do S F Deb 5s. .119 I So Pac 43 84
Chicapo Ttrm 4s.. 93 j So Ry 5s 112%
Colo So 4s 83TH' Standard R & T 6s 71%
D & R G 4s lOOHTex & Pac lsts.... 116%
Erie Gen 4s 75 Do 2ds 82
Ft W & D C lsts.. 75%j Union Pac 4s 100%
Gen Elcc 5s 143 Wabash lsts 116%
Iowa Cent lets ..116 iWabash 2ds 104
L. & N Unl 4s lOOH'West Shore 4s ...,114%
M K & T'2ds 70%'Wls Cent lats .... 86
Do 4s S4!i Va Centuries 91
MINING STOCKS.
Chollar OSiOphir 80
Crown Point 101 Plymouth OS
Con Cal & Va.... 1 30 Quicksilver , 1 25
Deadwood 6S Do prefd 7 00
Gould & Curry.... 1 00 Sierra Nevada .... 33
Hale & Norcross. 20 Standard 340
Homestake. 65 00 Union Con 12
Iron Silver "TS'Yellow Jacket .... 11
Mexican 2 60 Brunswick 10
Ontario .5 75
BOSTON STOCKS AND BONDS.
Money— (Qulncy 165
Call loans S@i Santa Fe Copper.. 7%
Time loans 4^-5 Tamarack 288
Stocks— Utah Mining 34%
A T & St Fe 39% Wlnona 3%
Do prefd 83% Wolverines 4.'%
American Sugar.. .133?4 Union Pacific 72%
Do prefd 116 Union Land 3%
Bell Tel 158 West End 93
Boston & Albany.. 249% Wfstlngh Elec ... 51%
Boston L 156 WIs Cent in
Boston & Maine.. 197 Bonds—
Chi Bur & Q 136% Atchlson 4a 100%
Dominion Coal .... 40% N E G & Coke 5s 70
Do prefd ........112 Mining Shares-
Federal Steel 49*4 Adventure" 6%
Do prefd 75H Allouez Mln Co... 3
Fitchburg prefd .139 Amal Copper 95%
Gen Electric 167% Atlantic 27%
Do prefd 145 Boston & Mont. ..327
Ed Elec 111 215 Butte & Boston.. H
Mexican Cent .... 13% Calumet & Hecla.SiO
Michigan Tel 85 Centennial 17«
N E Gas & Coke. 13% Franklin ir>'
Old Colony 202 Humboldt 25
Old Dominion..... 31% Oeceola 74%
Rubber 29% Parrott 49%
London Market.
NEW YORK, Nov. 27,— The Commercial Ad-
vertlser"s London financial cablegram eays:
The markets here, were fairly busy and firm
to-day. Americans were active on an all-round
advance, though the close was a little under
the best. Louisville and Nashville and South
ern Railway securities were very strong. The
bull account revealed by the settlement was of
only moderate dimensions. The general rate
was fft&S per c*-nt. Northern Pacific. Penn
sylvania, St. Paul and New York Central were
¦omswbat scarce. Money was in strong de
mand, though quotations were unaltered. Sil
ver was firmer on Chinese buying, as the
Filipino Government has Imposed a lu per cent
export duly on Mexican dollars.
CLOSING.
Atclilson. 41V.: Canadian Pacific, 89'«: Union
raolflc prefeiTed. S4: Nortliern I'at-lfie pre
lerrcd. &%i Ura:id Trunlt. C?i; Anaconda. 101*.
Par silver, flrm, 13 1-16J per ounce. Mon«y,
4 i>cr c-'nt.
New York Moncv Market.
NEW YORK, Nov. 27.— Money on call steady
at 3>2<S4 per cent; last loan, 4 per cent. Prime
mercantile paper, 4Vi<ff5 per cent. Sterling ex
change easier, with actual business In bankers'
bills at « *4Vi for demand and at St 81Hi?4 81%
fcr Flxty days; posted rates, J4 82%®4 SSH;
commercial bills, *4 S0»iS4 8HJ. Silver cer
tificates, C4$CCc. Bar silver. 64Hc- Mexican
dollars. We. Government bonds, irregular;
State bonds, strong; railroad bonds, strong.
Condition of the Treasury.
WASHINGTON, Nov. 27.— To-day's statement
of the treasury balances In the general fund,
exclusive of th« f lHO.OOO.CflO gold reserve In the
division of redemption, shows: Available cash
balance, $137,441,03:.; gold, J92,3C6,C53.
J2 70@4 65; canners. J2@2 e3; bulls, J2 60@4 25;
calves, J3 50@5 50: Texas fed steers. J4@4 SO;
grass steers, J3 2034 15; bulls, $2 50©» 25.
• HOGS— Receipts to-dav, 38,000; to-morrow,
40,000, estimated; left over, 4000; active; clos
ing steady; top, J4 97U; mixed and butchers,
J4 6S@4 97H: good to choice heavy, J4 7004 95;
rough heavy. J4 5534 65: light, J4 65@4 35; bulk
of sales, $4 S0@4 30
SHEEP— Receipts, 13 000; sheep, good to
choice, strong to 10c higher; others itow;
lambs, 5@15c higher: good to choice wethers,
J4@4 £5: fair to choice mixed, J3 70@4: West
ern sheep. J4®4 20: Texas sheep, J2 uO@Z 60: na
tive lambs, J4Q5 25; 'Western lambs, ?4 ~z<Bo -i».
Omaha Livestock Market.
OMAHA. Nov. 27.— CATTLE— Receipts. 4777;
market steady; beef steers, J4 235j5 15; cows,
J2J?4 15: heifers. $2 2ofl3 75: Texas steers, J4 35;
bulls, %2 f.0«4; calves,' S3 50*i5 75; stags, $3 6C«J>
3 85; stockers and feeders. $2 73®3 SO.
SHEEP— Receipts, 61S2; choice fed wethers,
?3 85@4; choice grass wethere. $3 7503 90; spring
lambs, J4 D0@5 15; feeders, J4@4 40.
HOGS— Receipts, 14,268; market closed about
10c lower than yesterday; better hoss sold at
Jt T7\i, and occasionally a load at x j3 60.
Boston Wool Market.
BOSTON, Nov. 27.— The wool market has
been cleared by two lai-RC yales and there was
a firmer feeling although no one is looking for
a marked advance. Territory wools lead in
sales, fine medium and fine calling for 43c.
Fleece wools are quiet, but prices are firm.
Quotations:
Territory, «?otu-ed basis— Montana and
Wyoming, fine medium and fine 17@21c. scoured
2Sli39<3. staple 50®51c; Utah, fine medium und
fine I6f 17c, scoured 47^430, staple 50c; Idaho,
fine medium and line 15@16c. scoured 46$j4Dc,
staple ECc.
Australian, scoured basis, spot prices—Comb
ing superfine, 74Q-75c; good, 65©70c; average,
62&C7C.
Neiv York Metal Market.
NEW YORK, Nov. 27.— Metal trading con
tinues rather slow, with prices steady, nom
inally unchanged. Tin closed very dull at
J2S 60, nominal. Pig lrcn warrants were quiet
at $3 £0(J10 50. Ltke copper was quiet at $16 75
©17. Lead quiet at $4 87^. Spelter quiet at,
J4 Sdg'4 35. The brokers' price for lead was
$4, and for copper, $17.
Nezu York Cotton Market.
NEW YORK, Nov. 27.— The cotton market
started steady to-day at 9®18 points higher
and steadily though slowly advanced on room
covering and straggling support from the for
eign contingent. At the close the market was
etrens, 11@13 points higher.
Portland's Business.
PORTLAND, Or., Xov. 27.— Clearings, $389,
058; balances. J60.084.
OREGON.
Northern Wheat Market.
PORTLAND, Kov. 27.— Wheat— Walla Walla,
033540; Bluestem, nominal.
TACOMA, Nov. 27. — Wheat — Quiet, un
changed; Blurs tern, C6^c; Club, f>3Hc
Foreign Markets.
CLOSING,
LONDON, Nov. 27.— Consols, 98 9-16; silver,
2?%d; French rentes, lOOf E3c Wheat cargoes
on passage, enaler and neglected! cargoes No.
1 Standard California, COs; cargoes Walla
WcJla. 2Se 6d; English country markets, steady.
LIVERPOOL. Nov. 27.— Wheat, quiet; No. 1
Standard California, Ca 2d@Cs 3d; wheat In
Paris, firm; flour In Paris, steady; French
country markets, steady; weather In England,
fine.
COTTON— Uplands. S 9-lCd.
WHEAT— Spot, firm; No. 1 California.' fs
£Hd; No. 1 Northern spring, 6s 3Ud; Decem
ber. 5s ljid; March, Cs.
CORN — Spot, steady; American mixed, new,
4s 2d. Futures, steady; November, 4s 2Vid;
L>ec«rmber, 4s l>4d; January, Ss 10%d.
Exchange and Bullion.
Sterling Exchange, CO days. — $4 S2V4
Sterling Exchange, sight — 4 86V4
Sterling Cables — 4 tih
New York Exchange, sight — 5
New York Exchange, telegraphlo — VA
Fine Silver, per ounce — 64V«
Mexican Dollars, nominal........ &0H ® 51
Wheat and Other Grains.
WHEAT FREIGHTS— Rates for spot char
ters continue nominal at 41s 3d, in the absence
of business. The chartered' wheat fleet In port
has a registered tonnage of C3.80O, against W.100
tons on the eame date last year; disengaged,
12.CS0 tons, against S6SS; on the way to this
port. 123.000 tons, against 192.700.
WHEAT — Liverpool was lower and Paris
higher. Xew York was elightly off. Cables
from the Argentine reported new Wheat of
fering freely.
Chicago was weak and dull, lower cables
depressing- the market.
Reports from Southwestern Missouri. South
ern Kansas and Oklahoma eald that the Wheat
was in such condition that it could not stand
cold. There were also reports of Hessian ' fly
from the same States. There was no pres
sure of lone Wheat, and the Northwest was
buying. The cash demand was curtailed by
the wires beins down between Chicago and
New York. The supply of Wheat decreased
4S0,C00 bushels durlnc the week.
The local market was neglected, with a dlght
decline In futures.
Spot Wheat— Shipping:, 97%c; Milling. Jl@
1 02<4 per ctl.
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal Session— 9:15 o'clock— May— 20,000
ctls, U C3T4; 12,000, U 03%. December-SOOO,
$>6%e; 20,000. 96%c.
Second Session— May— 6000 ctls. Jl 03T4; 8000,
Jl 03%.. December— 12.000, 9694c.
Regular Morning Session— May— 38,000 ctls,
Jl 03H; 4000, Jl 03%. December— 10,000, 9C?4c;
14,000. 9GHc.
Afternoon Session— May— SOOO ctls, Jl 03%. De
cember—20C0' 9«Hc
BARLEY — Choice bright feed Is scarce and
rather firm than otherwise, but dark lots meet
with very little demand. There Is no change
In prices.
Feed, 7S};®75c for choice bright, 72V4e for No.
1 and 67',iSr70o • for oft grades ; Brewing and
Shipping s wiles. $0S1!5c; Chevalier, nominal.
CALL, BOARD SALES.
Informal Session— 9:15 o'clock— No sales.
Second Session— No sales.
Regular Morning Session — May— 2000 ctls,
73%c; 8000. 73%c. l>ecember— 2000, 72%c; 10,000.
72%c; 4000, 12Y t c
Afternoon Session— May— 2000 ctla, 73%c. De
cember— 20C0. 72%c; 8000, 72Hc.
OATS— Although prices have not changed for
some time the- market is still very firm, with
light offerincs. Red meet with the best de
mard.
White. Jl 30<Sl CO; Surprise, nominal; Red,
U 20@l 30 for feed and Jl 3501 40 for seed; Gray,
nominal; Black, for feed, )1 1214(21 20; for seed,
Jl 20@l 30 per ctl.
CORN— The demand Is not brisk, and salei
are slow at easy prices, though offerings are not
heavy. California Yellow, Jl 103-1 15; Califor
nia White. Jl 15S1 17%; Eastern Yellow, Jl 15;
White, |1 15; Eastern mixed, |1 15 per ctl.
RYE— Is dull and weaker at 85(390c per ctl.
BUCKWHEAT— Quoted at Jl 75@2 per ctl.
Flour and Millstuffs.
FLOUR— California Family Extras, JS 60®
3 75, usual terms; Bakers' Extras, J3 4033 50;
Oregon and Washington, t- 75@3 10 per barrel
for family and J3 15©3 50 for bakers' ; Eastern,
$4 75Q5 75 per barrel.
MILLSTUFFS— Prices In sacks are as fol
lows, usual discount to the trade: Graham
Flour, J3 per 100 lbs; Rye Flour, J2 75; Rya
Meal, J2 50; Rice Flour. J7; Corn Meal, J2 75;
extra cream do, J3 50; Oat Groats, J4 50; Hom
iny, $3 E0®3 75; Buckwheat Flour, J434 25;
Cracked Wheat, $3 &0; Farina, 14 50; Wholo
Wheat Flour, S3 25: Rolled Oats (barrels), J6@
7 20; in sacks, |5 75@7; Pearl Barley, J5; Split
Peas, J5; Green Peas, J3 60 per 100 lbs.
Hay and; Feedstuff s.
Hay la showing / Bteadler symptoms, as re
ceipts have been lighter, of late. Alfalfa Is
particularly firm. Feedstuffa stand as for some
days.
BRAN— J14@15 50 per ton. '
1UDDLINGS— J16 &0®19 50 per ton.
FEEDSTUFFS — Rolled Barley, J15 C0@16 50
per ton: Oilcake Meal at the mill, J25@26; Job
bing, $26 SO; Cocoanut Cake. J17@18; Corn Meal,
J2ttfj 27; Cracked Corn. $26 £O©27 50'; Mixed Feed,
J16Q16 60.
HAY — Volunteer. J5@8; Wheat JU013 50;
Wheat and Oat. J10Q12 E0; Oat, $9@ll 50;
Clover. J54T7; ¦ Alfalfa, J8@10; Barley, J7(g-9
STRAW— 35@45c per bale.'
Beans and Seeds.
With the exceptloh' of: a decline In» Bayos
Beans rule firm at the recently improved prices,
with • a good demand. ] Receipts continue light.
There is nothing new in Seeds. -
BEANS— Bayos, J2 60@2 70; Small White, J4@
4 20; Large White. J303 25; Pink, $2©>2 20; Red
$3© 3 25; Blackeye $3@3 25; Llmas, J5 25; Pea.
J4<&4 25; Red Kidney, J3 75®4 per ctl.
SEEDS— Brown .Mustard, •nominal; -Yellow
Mustard, nominal; Flax.- J2 25@2 40; Canary,
3V4c per lb for California and 4c for Eastern;
Alfalfa, HWWbc; , Rape, 2^@3c; Hemp, 4®4",ic;
Timothy, 4@4Hc. - • ., • • *
DRIED PEAS— Nlles, J2#2 60; Green, J2 25(J»
175 per ctl;Blackeye, J2@2 60.
Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables.
The" situation*. Bhows no. "further change.
Choice Potatoes continue firm, while poor stock
drags. Onions are steady. Peas and Beans
from I Los Angeles continue to arrive in bad
condition, being overheated. •
POTATOES— River Keds. 75@S5c; Burbanks.
S0©75c for River and Jl@l 1714 per ctl for Sa
linas and 90c@Jl 10 for Oregon; Sweets, 50@65c
for River and 85®90c for Merced.
ONIONS— Jl S5®1 50 per ctl.
VEGETABLES — Green Peas. 2®8c per lb;
String Beans. 4®8c; Limas. 5@«c per lb; Cab
bage. 90c: Tomatoes, 75c@Jl 75; Egg Plant. 8@
10c per lb: Green Peppers, S5@50c per box;
Dried Pepper*, 9@llc: Carrots. 25©35o per box;
Cucumbers, 50c@jl; Garlic, 4@5c per lb; Mar
rowfat Squash. $10^12 per ton.
Poultry and Game.
Receipts of Dressed Turkeys- were about 150
tons, besides 4 cars from the East. The mar
ket in the rooming was firm at 16@18c. with
19c for extra choice, but later on In the day it
weakened off to 14|?17c. with a diminished de
mand. Live Turkeys brought full figures and
Eastern dressed ll@16c.
Other Poultry was dull, as the demand was
confined to Turkeys.
Game was weak In spite of lighter receipts,
a« Turkeys had the call.
POULTRY/— Live Turkeys. 14©15c for Gob
blers and 13c for Hens; I>res5«ed Turkeys, H«
18c; Geese, per pair. $1 75#2: Goslings. Jl 73Cf2:
Ducks. $3^4 for old and $4^5 "»0 lor young:
Hens, J3 5<Wi'5; Young Roosters, $1 50<65; Old.
Roosters, 44 #4 CO; Fryers, \ $4ftl SO: Broilers,
$3 S(Xg4 for large and ?3?I3 SO for small; Pigeons,
$1 per dozen for old and $1 50©l 73 for Squabs.
GAME— Quail. $1 50@l 75 for Valley and J2 25
for" Mountain; Mallard. J3fT4 50: Canvasback,
$J@7; Sprig, J2 50ti3 50; Teal, $2@2 50; Widgeon,
Jl 25ftl £0; Small Duck, $1@1 50; Gray Geese,
$3C«3 60; White Geese, J1©1 23; Brant. Jl Zi for
small and $1 76 for large; Honkers. J183; Eng
lish Snipe Jl 75: Jack Snipe, Jl 25; Hare. $1 25;
Rabbits, Jl 25@1 10 for Cottontail and Jl 25 for
Brush; Doves, 60®G3c per dozen.
Butter, Cheese and Eggs.
There Is no further advance In Butter and
Eggs. The former goes slowly at the higher
prices, while the latter are scarce and firm.
Some Salt Lake Eggs are on th« market at
30Sf32Hc. Cheese stands as before.
BUTTER—
Creamery— Fancy Creamery, 24®23c; seconds,
23(g23V4c.
Dairy— Fancy. 21@2:c; good to choice, l!»S20c;
common, 17^4tlS^c. i
Creamery tub— 20©22V4c per lb.
Pickled roll— 19®21c
Firkin— 19S 19c
Storage goods— 21®22c.
CHEESE— New, miigitfc; Old, 10@llc: Young
America, 12@12&c; Eastern, 13fe©14c; Western,
ll<S13c per lb.
EGGS— Store. 2"H@S2ttc; Ranch. 85c forfalr
ond 36<g40c per dozen for good to choice: East
ern, 22^300.
Deciduous and Citrus Fruits.
Oranges are weakening again, as the demand
Is less pronounced. Fine Lemons continue
firm. Limes have not changed for some time.
A few Berries are coming in for the Thanks
giving trade.
Pomegranates are about out. The few scat
tering lots o£ Grapes coming In are bringing
good prices .
Cranberries continue In moderate supply and
firm.
Pears are higher and Apples easier.
1>ECIDUOUS FRUITS
APPLES—351560c per box for common and
€5c??$l for good to choice; Spitzenbergs, 75c®
$1 23; Oregon Spitzenbergs, $161 25.
PEARS— 76c©U 50 per box.
PERSIMMONS— 73c per box.
CRANBERRIES — Jerseys. JlOtflO E0: Cape
Ccd. $11 50012 per barrel; Coos Bay, $2 5032 75
per box.
STRAWBERRIES— Large Berries, |&3« per
chest. • •
RASPBERRrES-?5@3 per chest.
GRAPES— 4Cc(8Jl 25 per small box. Jl 50®2 per
large box and Jisrl £0 per crate.
CITRUS FRUITS— Navel Oranges, Jl 10Q2 7s;
Bfedlings, iHfl 75; Tangerines, Jl 2301 50; j
Lemons, 25c@Jl 25 for common and Jl 50^2 73
for good to choice; Orape Fruit, ?1 5CXS2 CO:
Mexican Limes. $4{f4 DO; California Limes. 25®
85c; Bananas, Jl 7502 50 per bunch: Pineapples,
%2<QZ SO per dozen.
Dried Fruits, Nuts and Raisins.
Slightly lower prices for Apricots and
Peaches will be seen. Fruits of all kinds are
neglected and weak. Pears being especially
eIow. Raisins are depressed, with some un
derselling by outsiders. Honey Is dull, with
a slight decline In extracted. Nuts.ehare the
ceneral depression.
FRUITS— Prunes. Santa Claras, 4 sizes. 3c;
40-50s, 7c; 5C-60S, 5%c; 60-70s, 3%p; 70-SGs. 3%c;
S0-9C«, 2\c; 90-1008, t%c; lOCs and over. 2c; ru
bles, Me premium; Sonomas, He and San Joa
qulns, Vlo less than Santa Claras, except lOCs
and over, which stand the eame. Apricots, 6Q
Sc for Royals and 10@10Ho for Moorparks;
Evaporated Apple*, 6<!y6c; sun-dried, ZM:'3*^c:
1'eaches, 4©tc for. standard, £»!g6c for choice
anil 6H@"o for fancy; Pears, 2{J7c; Plums,
pitted, 5<36%c; unpitted, l^lHc; Nectarines. 6<tf
SVic for red and 5VaS6c for white.
RAISINS — The Raisin Growers' Association
has established the following prices for the
season of 1300: Bleached Thompson's fancy, 12o
per lb; choice, lie; standard, 8%c; prime, 8c;
unbleached Thompson's, 9c per lb. Sultanas-
Fancy, ICHc per lb; choice, 9^c; standard, 8%c;
prime. 8c; unbleached Sultanas. 8c; Seedless.
CO-Ib boxes. 6 l ,4c; 2-crown loose Muscatels. 6c;
8-crown, 6V»c; 4-crown, 7c; London Layers. 2
crown. $1 DO per box; 3-crown, U 60; Fancy
austcrs, J2; Dehesa, $2 50; Imperial, .$3. All
prices f. o. b. at common shipping points In
California.
NUTS— Chestnuts. 637c per lb for California
and 9©10c for Italian; "Walnuts, No. 1 soft-
Bhell, lie; No. 2, 8c: No. 1 hardshell. 10c; No. 2.
"He; Almonds. 12@13c for papershell. 9©llc for
eoftshell: Peanuts, ."'fjec for Eastern; Brazil
Nuts 13c: Filberts, 13c;. Pecans, ll@13c; Cocoa
nuts, 13 5036.
HONEY — Comb, 13 1 / 4@14'4o for bright and 12^
5T13C for light amber water- white, extracted,
7»;«T8c; light amber, extracted, 6H@7c; dark,
C4J6Hc per lb.
BEESWAX— 24C2Cc per lb.
Provisions."-
Prices are firm enough, but the demand Is
nothing extra, though the market Is not ac
tually dull.
CURED MEATS— Bacon, lie per lb for
heavy, HH®12c for light medium, 12Hc for
light. 13Hc for extra light and 15@15ftc for
sugar-cured; Eastern sugar-cured Hams, 11 He;
Mes>s Beef. J12 60 per barrel; extra Mesa, j]3;
Family, J14; extra Prime Pork. J16; eatra
cleRr, J19 50; Mess, J17; Smoked Beef, 13c p«r
pound.
LARD— Tierces quoted at 6%c per lb for com
pound and 9'ic for pure; half-barrels, pure
9%c; 10-lb tins. 10c; 5-lb tins, 10%c.
COTTOLENE— One-half barrels. 8%c: three
half-barrels, SVic; one tierce, SHc; two tierces,
8c; five tiercee, 7T4o per lb.
Hides, Tallow, Wool and Hops.
Both "Wool and Hops stand exactly as they
did last week, being quiet, though there Is
some Wool selling.
Hides are slow, though quotations are main
tained.
HIDES AND SKINS— Culls and brands sell
about lc under quotations. Heavy salted
Steers, 10c; medium, 9c; light, 8^@9c; Cow
hides, 8H©9c: Stags, 6tfc; Salted Kip. 9}ic;
Salted Veal, 9%c; Salted Calf, 10c; Dry Hides,
16c; cuIIb, 14c; Dry Kip. 16c; Dry Calf, 16®17c;
culls and brands, 14c; Sheepskins, shearlings,
20(5'30c each; short Wool, 30@50c each; medium,
60@85c; long Wool, 75c<SJl each; Horse Hides,
ealt, J2 50 for large and J2 for medium, Jl 50
for email and 50c for colts; Horse Hides, dry,
Jl 75 for large,. Jl 50 for medium, Jl 25 for small
and 25(3 50c for colts. Deerskins — Summer or red
skins, 33c; fall or medium skins, 30c; winter or
thin skins, 17H@23c. Goatskins — Prime An
goras, 75c; largo and smooth, 50c: medium, 35c.
TALLOW— No. 1 rendered, 4@4Hc per lb; No.
2, 3&c; grease, 2@2V4c. .<
WOOL— Spring Clip IS quotable as follows:
Northern, free, 15@16c; Northern, defective 12
@14c; Middle. County, free, 14@16c; Middle-
County, defective, 12014c; Southern Mountain.
12 months', 9S10c; Southern Mountain, free. 7
months', ll@12c;. Southern Mountain, defective,
7 months', 9@llc; Humboldt and Mendocino,
16@17c; Nevada, 13@16c per lb.
Fall Clip— San Joaquln, 6H@8c; do lambs', 8
@9c; Middle County, 9@10c; Northern Mountain,
free, 10<frllc; Southern Mountain. 7H®3V«c;
Humboldt and Mendocino, 12@13c per lb.
HOPS— llJi@15c per lb.
San Francisco Meat Market.
There Is a pronounced advance In Beef, and
choice cattle are scarce Mutton and Veal are
also higher. Lamb Is strong at previous prices.
Hogs are steady and unchanged.
BEEF— 7®8o for Steers and 6@6%o per 1b for
Cows. , . •
VEAL— Large, 8@8V4c: small. 9c per lb.
MUTTON— Wethers. 8gSHc; Ewes. 7^®So per
pound.
LAMB— 8@9c per lb. •
PORK— Live Hogs, 6%e for. small and 5%c for
medium and 5&@5%c for large; stock Hogs and
feeders, OS'SVic; dressed Hogs, 7Vi@8^c. "-?¦ ;
General Merchandise.
BAGS— San Quentln Bags, $3 65; Calcutta
Grain Bags, June and July, 6%c; Wool Bags,
28^@32%c: Fleece Twine, 7%c; Fruit Ba^
6%@6%o for white and 8%@8?io for bleached
Jute.
CANNED -FRUIT— Extras In 24$-lb tins are
quoted ae follows: Apricots, Jl 60; Cherries 1»
for , black, $1 85 for white and $2 for Royal
Anne; Grapes, $1 33;- Peaches, $1 65; Pears
SI 85;: Plums, Jl 33@1 40; Quinces, Jl 65; Straw
berries. 1 Jl 75. - •
COAL-rThe market continues moderately
supplied and firm at quotations .' which - have
ruled for some weeks. Wellington, $3 per ton •
Southfleld Wellington. J9; Seattle, $7; Bryant.'
J7 ; Coos Bay, J5 50 ; Wallsend, • J9 ; Co-operative
Wallsend, $9; Cumberland. J12 In bulk and J13 83
in sacks;* Pennsylvania Anthracite Egg, J14-
Cannel." J12 per ton ; Coke, JIG per ton In bulk
and J18 In sacks; Rocky Mountain descriptions
JS 45 per 2000 lbs and JS 50 per ton. according
to brand. - •
i ¦ •• CORDAGE — The local cordage company
quotes as follows: Pure Manila. 12%c per lb:
Sisal sizes and bale rope, 9c: Duplex. Sc. Terms.
£0 days or IV* per cent cash discount.
PACIFIC CODFISH— Bundles, per Id, 3c:
cases, 3Hc; cases, extra large, 4c: case« v imita
tion Eastern. 5c: Boneless, 4>4c; Norway,
Strips, 4>~c; Narrow Gauge. 4%c; Silver K'riK.
6c; Blocks Oriental, 4*ic; Seabrlght, 5c: Tab
lets. 6c; Middies. Golden State. 5V4c; Middles.
White Seal, 7c; 5-lb boxes fancy. Boneless. 8>>ic;
Desiccated, per dozen. 75c: Pickled Cod. barrels,
each, J6 50; Pickled Cod. half-barrels, each.
$2 75.
COFFEE— Costa Rica— 13' / 4®14Hc for prime
washed: 12@13c for good washed: 13@14c for
good to prime washed peaberry: 12® 13c for goo«l
to prime peaberry; U 1 /i'i£13c for good to prime;
lOH'SHc for good current mixed with black
beans; 9 1 ,A'gllc for fair; IQ'Jc for common to
ordinary.
Sal valor— ll@lSc for eood to prime washed:
l<WU0»ic for fair washed: 12<til3c fcr good to
prime washed peaberry; 16%<?U%e for good to
prime semi-washed; lO^ Uc for superior
unwashed; lOVzc lcr gocd green unwashed; 11
(QWriC for good to superior unwashed peaberry;
"©s^ic for common to ordinary.
Nicaragua — 131416c for prime to fancy washed:
105T12H>c for fair to strictly good washed; 10
©10%c nominal for good to superior unwashed:
ll@llV4c nominal for good to prime unwashed
peaberry.
. Guatemala and Mexican— 13H^16'/ 3 c for prime
to fancy washed; /12@13e far strictly good
washed; • llfill^c for good washed;
for fair washed; 5^9V4c for medium: G**'S'S?ic
for Inferior to ordinary; i:<fZ13Hc for good to
prime washed peaberry: UWll'ic nr>mtr.al for
good to prime unwashed peaberry: lO'.iSllc
nominal for good to superior unwashed.
LEAT11 ER— Sole, heavy. 2iT(Z3p per lb: Sole
Leather, medium, 2n > ?f3f v c; Sole Leather, light.
26@2Sc; Rough Leather, heavy, 27ff2Sc; Rough
Leather, light. 2.'.?f2Gc; Harness Leather, heavy,
S2@J«c: Harness Leather, medium. ZCfr?:?; Har
ness Leather, lisrht. 29M35c: Collar Leather. 15
SJIGc r>er foot; Kip. finish**!, 4C®50c " per lb;
Veal, finished. 50(55?c: Calf, finished. 75C9J1 20;
Sides, finished, 16Q17c per foot: Belt Knife
Splits. 14^16c: Routrh Splits, S«10c per lb.
TANBARK— Ground, J2Cig23 per ton; Stick,
|IS(52O ?er cord.
OILS — California Castor Oil. In cases. No. 1.
75c; pure, Jl SO: Linseed OH. In barrels, boiled,
7Sc: raw, 78c; cases, 5c more; Lucol. 6»c per
callon for boiled and 67e for raw; Lard Oil,
extra winter strained, barrels, 7Cc: cases, 7Jc;
China Nut, 60fi70c per grallon; pure Neatsfoot
Oil. barrels, 65c; cases, <0c; Sperm. purt\ 6Sc;
"Whale Oil. natural white. 37H©4IHc per gal
lon: Fish Oil, barrels, 3Jc; cases, 40c.
COAL. OIL, GASOLINE AND BENZINE-
Water White Coal Oil, In bulk. 12c; Pearl Oil,
cases, 18c: Astral. 18c; Star, 13c; Extra Star.
22c; Elaine. 23c; Eocene. Me; Deodorized Stove
Gasoline. In bulk, 14»4c: caFCS. 20V»c: Benzine,
bulk, 13',4c; cases. 19»4c; 86-degree Gasoline,
bulk. 20c: cases. 2Gc per gallon.
TURPENTINE— €6c per rallon In cases and
60c in drums or iron barrels.
RED AND WHITE LEAD— Red Lead, V.i®
7%c per lb; White Lead, 7@7?4c accordins to
quantity.
QUICKBIX.VER— JJ«^4S »0 per Cask' for local
use and J4o'i746' for exDort.
SUGAR— The 'Western Su?ar Refining Com
pany quotes, per lb. in 10Mb bags:
Crushed. 6.13c; Powdered. 5.»3c; Candy Gran
nlated. 5.75c: Dry Granulated, 5.65c; Confec
tioners' A. 5.6Cc; Magnolia A. 5.25c; Kxtra C.
5.13c; Golden C, 5.05c; barrels. 10c more: half
borrels, 25e more: boxes, 50c more: SO-lb bas*,
10c more. . No orders taken for less than 73
barrels or Its equivalent. IV>mlnos, half-bar
rels. 6.40c : box ps. 6.6Cc Der lb. .
LTTlIBKn— Retail prices are as follows: Pin-.
ordinary ptzes. Wait; *xtra sizes, hipher: Red
wood, $17i3»S for No. 1 and J1JC15 tcr No. 2;
Lath. 4 feet. 12 S(W4: Plrkets. SIS: Shingles.
$1 73 for common and $2 75 for fancy: ShakM.
$11 for split and J12 for sawn; Rustic. $2"@26.
Receipts of Produce.
FOR TUESDAY. NOVEMBER 27.
Wheat, ctls 75.4701 Quicksilver, risks «3 j
Flour, tjr sks 27.7iTO Leather, rolls.... 69 j
Barley, ctls 7,270 Wool, bales 310 ,
Eggs, doz 9,660 Oats, ctls $20
Butter, ctls....... I»|ShorU, *ks 123
Cheese, ctls 24|Straw, tons S
Wine, pals S4.000 Hav. tons 2«
Tallo-x. ctls 24S. Middlings, sks l.«S i
Brandy, gals 4.8"»> Bran. Ek* 2.263 ;
Hides No S53 Beans, oks LS3
Pelts, bdls 3« Corn, ctls 460 •
Powder, ca.r * 1 Rye. ctls 430
Chicory, M>la 21 Potatoes, sks 5.4CS j
Sugar, ctls 3,100 Onions, sks IS |
ZOO Petroleum Center tt
1I0O Petroleum Center •— *°
ISOrt Petroleum Center ................*. *1
SCO Petroleum Center **
WO Petroleum Center 1*
100 Petroleum Center 1>
E Pan Joaqtiin Oil & Dav • 25
ICO Sterling O & D Go * K
Street—
625 Independence — H
Afternoon Session.
Board —
200 Cala-Standarrt .. • '. S3
1100 Cala-Standard M
. 10 Hanford llj <H)
410 Har.fcrrl-Fresno-Kern River 20
4flO Hanfnrd-Fresno-Kern River 21
5C0 Monarch of Arizona 41
4/X> Monte Cristo 1 4<i
5<w) Petroleum Center 12
T» •> Petroleum Comer .. . 21
2<K>0 Petroleum Center .. ?J
100 Sterling O & D Co 2 60
MINING STOCK&
Following were the ?al-»s in the San Francisco
Stock and Exchange nnarti ycrterilay:
Mornlnsr Session.
3C0 Andes C6 CO Mexican 23
1C0 Best A Belcher. 21 tCOOpbil k k
200 Caledonia 41 Stxi Orerraata H
SCO Caledonia 4S Ja) Savas? I".
3Z0 Caledonia Z* t<J9 Peg Uflch»r.... 1>\
sro Choiiar l" m Sierra MrnuJa. R
1(!C(V Con New York, rz 3t0 Silver Hill 4"»
200 Gould & Curry. 1 <£• 200 Syn«llcat? 13
40O Gould & Curry. 1 60 2t<> Union Con l.»
! CCO Lady Waah 02 SM Vtah ftS
Afternoon Session.
200 Best £ Belcher. 20 SCO Gould & Curry. 1 Id
10O Caledonia 4.> 3O Mexican 21
1C0 Challenge 23\ 100 Oj.hir 82
900 Con Cal & Va.l 40 2t-0 Pa%age 14
I 100 Confidence 60 100 Sierra Nevada. SS
j ICO Crown Point 131
j Following were the sales in the Pacific Stock
! Exchange yesterday:
• Mornlnsr Session.
3C0 Andes OS I 4<"0 Con Cal A V.I 4r-i
600 Best & Belcher. 21; 200 Gould & Crry 1 02'
200 Best & Belcher. 2*>i 2C!) Ophir S3
200 Caledonia 5i> 100 Silver IUU ii
2C0 Challenge Con. ZJ[
Afternoon Session.
S0O Alpha Con C3 Zt*> Ha'e & Norcrs "M
300 Best & Belcher. ?> 3T0 Mexican Tf
2C0 Caledonia 43 200 Ophir M
400 Con Cal & V.l 42'*! 490 Ophir H
400 Con Cal & V...1 40; 200 Ophir t<>
500 Con Cal & V...1 33 ICQ Savage n
300 Gould & Crry.l UT^i 200 Sierra Nevada. 3*
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
TUESDAY. Nov. ::_4 p. m.
., ' Bid. Ask. Bid. As*.
Alpha (,3 04 Ju«tlce 04 (*
Alta <>1 02 Ken tuck C2 (I
Andes OC M Lady Wash .... — , $
Belcher IT is'Mexican Ti 21
Best & Belcher n VJ Occidental Ct W
Bullion OS ««*.:Ophir a %>
Caledonia 41 J? Overman 07 M
Chollar OS '.9 Potosl IT \i
i Challenge Con.. 22 2i Savage 13 it
j Confidence 60 82 Scorpion — r\
I Con Cal & Va..l 35 1 40;Seg Belcher .... 63 OJ
j Ccn Imperial .. — 01 Sierra Nevada. 2t <tt
Con New York. — Q2:^ilver Hill 43 45
Eureka Con — KiSt Louis 10 —
Crown Point ... 13 11 Standard 3 U 3 30
Exchequer — 02 S v nd!eat e V —
Gould & Curryl CO 1 10 Union Con .... 13 It
Hale & Norc... 24 23X*tah 07 W
Julia — 03iYellow Jacket.. 21 S3
Ben Butler and Harvard.
The divinity that hedges a Harvard pro
fessor Is beyond the ken of the benitfhte'l
who suffer the disadvantage of living out
side the borders of the Bay State, but it
Is an awesome thing, and It persists be
yond the scaffold and the grave, as Ben
Butler learned at the cost of a degree.
Shortly after the legal removal of Profes
sor Webster for the murder of Dr. Park
man, Butler was badg-pring a ¦witness in
a very disrespectful manner, when the
court Interposed and said impressively:
"Counsel will remember that the witness
Is a Harvard professor." "Fes, I know
It." coolly rejoined Butler; "we hangeJ
one the other day."
THE SAN. FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, NOVEMBER 28, 1900.
Foreign Futures.
COMMERCIAL AND FINANCIAL NEWS
8
EASTERN MARKETS.
Chicago Grain Market.
Articles — Open. High. Low. Close
Wheat No. 2—
November 70% 70y* 7(Hi 70%
Jecember 70% 70% 70% 70«4
ranuary 70% 71*4 70?4 . 7i'
Corn No. 2 —
November 43% El 49 CO
December 36% 86% 35T4 S6
May 26% BC% 86*4 36%
Oats No. 2—
Sovember 21% 21% 21«4 21«
December 2H4 22 21«4 21%
May 24 U.% 24 24
Mess Pork, per barrel —
Sovember 11 25 ' 11 25 11 25 11 25
ranuary 12 15 12 27% 12 05 12 27
May 12 02^4 12 12& 12 02ft 12 10
Jbard, per 100 pounds —
November 7 02% 7 05 7 00 7 00
December 7 00 7 05 6-87% 6 97%
ranuary 6 85 6 90 6 S2% . 6 87%
May CS7% 6 97% 6 87% 6 95
Short Ribs,' per 100 pounds—
N'ovember 7 C2%
lonuarj' 6 32% 6 S7% 6 SO 6 35
May 6 33 6 40 6 35 6 37%
s
i L>
24 II
* :
urs;
j This
[] Season.
Last
. Season.
i
:o
'.spo..
14. S3
6. S3
C.G3
S.S5
«.$t
2.1i
S.6?
| €.73
I 1.70
6.U
6.-J8
7.JS
3 3S
1.22
5 <!4
2.iO
1.2S
s
i L>
24 II
* :
urs;
j This
[] Season.
Last
. Season.
i
:o
'.spo..
14. S3
6. S3
C.G3
S.S5
«.$t
2.1i
S.6?
| €.73
I 1.70
6.U
6.-J8
7.JS
3 3S
1.22
5 <!4
2.iO
1.2S
Articles — Open. High. Low. Close
Wheat No. 2—
November 70% 70y* 7(Hi 70%
Jecember 70% 70% 70% 70«4
ranuary 70% 71*4 70?4 . 7i'
Corn No. 2 —
November 43% El 49 CO
December 36% 86% 35T4 S6
May 26% BC% 86*4 36%
Oats No. 2—
Sovember 21% 21% 21«4 21«
December 2H4 22 21«4 21%
May 24 U.% 24 24
Mess Pork, per barrel —
Sovember 11 25 ' 11 25 11 25 11 25
ranuary 12 15 12 27% 12 05 12 27
May 12 02^4 12 12& 12 02ft 12 10
Jbard, per 100 pounds —
November 7 02% 7 05 7 00 7 00
December 7 00 7 05 6-87% 6 97%
ranuary 6 85 6 90 6 S2% . 6 87%
May CS7% 6 97% 6 87% 6 95
Short Ribs,' per 100 pounds—
N'ovember 7 C2%
lonuarj' 6 32% 6 S7% 6 SO 6 35
May 6 33 6 40 6 35 6 37%
OCEAJT TKAVEL.
Pacific Coast Steamship Co.
' m Steamers leave Broadway
h*»^ wharf. San Francisco:
S\vN»»»_. For Alaskan Ports — 11 a. m..
£ B^iSjV Nov. 17. Dec. 2. Chan«« tj
JJ tiJJ^fS^TfN company's s:ram»rs at Stattin.
n ri\»^1\rVa F " or "' ir ~ tor: a. Vancouver d:.
I Kf?vltf4jfcMi C. ). Port T(iwn«enJ, Seatt>.
I f-gsatJSLSrfriSF.l Tacoma. Everett. >nacor:«.
11/ and N"""" 7 Whatcom (Wash.)—
**J iHr 11 *- ¦*-. Xov 27. I>»c. 2. and.
every fifth day thereafter.
Charge at Seattle for this company's steamers
for Alaska and G. N. Ry. ; at Seattle or Ta-
corna to N. P. Ry. ; at Vancouver to C. P. Ry.
For Eureka. Huirboldt Bay — 2 p. m.. Nov.
24. J9. Dec. 4. and every fifth day thereaft-r.
For Pan Dl»ro. stopping only at Santa Bar-
bara. Port Los Angelas and Redondo (Los An-
geles)— Steamer Qu>-:en. Wednesdays. 9 a. m. ;
steamer Santa Rosa. Sundays. 9 a. m.
For Sar.ta Cruz. Monterey. San Simeon. Cayi-
cos. Port Harford iSan Luis Obispo>. Gavtof*.
Fanta Barbara. Ventura. Hueneme. San Pedro.
East San Pedro (Lns Angelas) and Newport-
Steamer Corona. Fridays, 9 a. m. ; steamer
Bonita. Tuesdays. 9 a. m.
For Enserada. Masdalena Flay. San Jose del
Cabo. Mazatlan. Altata. La Pax. Santa Roaaiia
and Guaymas <Mrx.) — 10 a. m.. 7th each montS •
For further information obtain company's
folders.
The company re?ervps th* right tr> charsr*
steamers, sailing dates and hours of sail!::?
without previous notice.
TICKBT HFriCE- 4 New Montgomery
street (Palace Hot°l).
GOODALL. PERKINS * CO.. Gen. Aff'nts.
10 Mark»t *t.. Fan Frpr.clsoo,
THE 0. R. & ti7H
DISPATCH FAST STEAMERS TO
FTOtn Epear-street Wharf it 10 a. m.
CADC £>2 First Class Including Berth
lAnC Sd Second Class and Meals.
COLUMBIA sails Not 24, r> c . 4
GEO. W. ELDER sails Nov M
Short Line to Walla Walla. Spokane. Rutte.
Helena and all points in thw Northwest.
Through tickets to all nntnts East.
K. C. WARD. Genera! A^ent
630 Market st.
TOYO KISEN KAISHA.
STEAMERS WILL LEAVE WHARF, COR-
ner First and Brannan streets, at 1 p. m..
for YOKOHAMA and HONC.KONG. calling at
Kobe (H1oeo>. Nagasaki and Shanghai, and
connecting at Hongkong with steamers for In-
dia, etc. No cargo received on board on day
of sailing.
SS. NIPPON MARU
Thursday. December «. 13C0
SS. AMERICA MARU
Saturday. December 2>. 1300
Via Honolulu.
SS. HONGKONG MARU
Thursday. January 24. 1501
Round-trip tickets at reduced rates. Foe
freight and passage apply at company's office.
4a Market street, coraerof First.
W. H. AVERT. General A^ent.
AMERICAN LINE.
KIT T0aK.,80CTaAMPT0H. L03D03. PARI3L
Stopplne at Cherbourg, westbound.
From New Tork Every Wednesday. 10 a. m.
St. Louis l>c. 5 St. Louis T>ec. M
New Tork Dec. 1? New Tork Jan. S
Southwark ,.:..Dec. 13
RED STAR LINE.
"Now York and Antwerp.
From New Tork Every Wednesday. 12 noon.
Noordland Dec. FITVesternland ...Dec. M
Friesland Dec 12 Kensington Jan. 2
Southwark Dec. 191
For freight and passage apply to
INTERNATIONAL NAVIGATION CO..
30 Montson-.ery st. Or any of Its agents.
aSl*r«3alf!^ % Ll? *E.U«*D M0 SYDNEY,
WU513H O.tf'VO' DIBECrUIEtoTAHITI
ES ZEALANDIA (Honolulu only)
Monday. December 3. 2 p. m.
ES. AUSTRALIA, for Tahiti
Tuesday. December 4, 4 p. m.
ES. SIERRA, 'or Honolulu. Samoa. New
Zealand and Australia
.-. 'Wednesday. Dec. 12. 9 p. m.
J. D. SPRECXELS & BESS. CO.. AgXTicfet ClTsa, S43 larbtS!
f fgjgfct Cffia, 327 Hrtat St., Pier Ho. 7. Pacific St.
COKPAGNIE QSNZBALE TRA53ATLAHTIQU3.
DIKECT LINE TO HAVRE-PARIS.
Sailing cv^ry Thursday. Instead of igffijX
Saturday, from November 2, 1S09. « «Jft:v*#«i
10 a. m.. from Pier 42. North River, foot of
Morton 3treet. First-class to Havre. $55 and
upward. Second-class to Havre. $42 50 and up-
ward. GENERAL AGENCT FOR UNITED
STATES AND CANADA. 32 Broadway (Hudson
buildlns). New Tork. J. F. FUCAZI & CO..
Pacific Coast Agents, C Montgomery avenue.
Pan Fmic!»T>.
BAY AND RIVEB STEAMERS.
FOB U. S. NAVY YARD AMD VALLEJO. i
Steamer "Montlcella."
MON.. Tues.. Wed., Thurs. and Sat. at 9 43
a. m.. 3:13. 8:20 p. m. (ex. Thurs. night)- Fri-
days. 1 p. m. «nd 8:30: Sundays. 10:30 a. m • *
p. m. Landing and office. Mission-street Dock.
Pier No. I. Telephone Main 150S.
I FARE EOaCatholic Society Entertains.
A large crowd attended the muslcal_and
literary entertainment of the Catholic~La
dles" Aid Society No. 10 at, Union Square
Hall last night. The following fine pro
gramme was presented: Orchestra, Fo
ley's orchestra; fancy dancing. Avanice
and Angella Sartonia; violin solo, Archie
Scow; vocal tolo, Ray French; fancy
dance. Miss Judith Reusch; tenor solo, w.
J. O'Brien: recitation. Thomas Hlckey;
fancy dance. Irene Sullivan; vocal solo.
Miss Kittle McShane; banjo duet. Messrs.
Tones and Kohn: vocal solo. Robert
Plunkett; the Atheneum Quartet— W. E.
Doyle, first tenor; M. L. Sweeney, second
tenor; J. F. Nolan, first basso; G. T.
Creighton, second basso.
The success of the affair is due to the
efforts of the following named: Floor
manager, G. W. Bayreuther: assistants,
E. C. Curtis, F. Scully, T.*Mowney and
R. Plunkett; reception committee, Mrs.
G. W. Bayreuther. Miss Burke, Mrs. Cur
tis, Miss Kitty Hallinan, Miss A. Tierney,
Miss Ryan, Miss L. Byrnes, Miss Spillane
and MIbs Mulcarer; refreshment commit
tee, Mrs. Burnes, Mrs. Jkiorrissey and Mrs.
Plunkett.
Frank R. Tims, better known by hia
stage name, "Frank Crofton," died yes
terday morning at the Vendome Hotel of
hemorrhage of the lungs. Mr. Tims had
been under the care of a physician for
three months. At one time he was as
sistant manager of the Orpheum Theater,
and played several engagements' at the
Grand Opera-house and the Alcazar. •
Mr Tims was a member of the Elks, and
his funeral " will be conducted by that
organization/ He was 45 years old and
unmarried.
Death of Actor Frank Crof ton.
Mrs. Fern Thomas, who. recently re
ported to Captain Splllane that her hus
band had deserted her, taking their little
boy with him, received a letter from the
missing man yesterday dated at Colfax.
He informed her that he was going . to
Ogden with the boy. and that her foolish
actions had driven him from home.
Firman Thomas Heard From.
RUMORS OF THE POPE'S
DEATH PROVE FALSE
Pontiff Is In Excellent Health and
Receives a Number of
Bishops.
LONDON. Nov. 27.— The report of the
death of the Pope which reached New
Ycrk to-day was based on Parts rumors
circulated by a Small news agency. The
Pontiff was quite well yesterday when he
iccelved In audience the Princess of the
Asturias, eldest sister of the King of
Spain,
HOME, Nov. 27.— The Pope, who is quite
well, received a number of bishops to-day
*cd presided over a two hours' meeting
of the congregation of rites.
SLIPS AND FALLS UNDER
WHEELS OF A TRAIN
Louis J. Cunningham Loses His Life
in the Railway Yards at
Suisun.
SUISUN. Nov. 27.— Louis J. Cnnninjr
ham, a mftn about 20 years of age. waa
accidentally killed by a train at this place
shortly after 5:30 o'clock this evening. He
went to the train on the branch road with
a party of friends who were returning to
Vallejo and entered the coach with them.
When the train pulled out he and another
friend started to get off, his friend jump
ing off one side of the. car and he the
other. There was a large pile of cinders
at the side of the track, and it Is supposed
Cunningham slipped upon it and fell back
under the train. The car wheels passed
over his back, crushing the life out of
him instantly.
The body was removed to undertaking
parlors and Cunningham's parents and
the County Coroner were notified of the
accident. „ „ ,
Young Cunningham was a native of Val
lejo and was the son of Mr. and Mrs. John
J. Cunningham of that city. He came to
Suisun from his home about three months
ago and entered the office of Attorney
George A. Lamont as stenographer and
law student. He was a bright young man
of excellent character.
SPLENDID T.XHIB1TS
AT THE TULARE -FAIR
San Joaquin Valley Towns Vie "With
One Another in Display of
Resources.
TULARE, Nov. 27.— The beautiful
weather brought out a large crowd at the
fair this afternoon and evening. The ex
hibits, some of which were delayed by
the washouts on the railroads, are now
all installed. That from Lindsay is at
tracting much attention— a centrifugal
pump with direct connection with a motor
placed in a water tower twenty feet high
and all done in oranges. The water from
the • Hume Is represented by Iemon3
wrapped in tinfoil. Many electric lights
are strung around tho tower.
Porterville occupies a conspicuous place
in the center of the building with its
varieties of oranges, lemons, limes, pome
granates and pomelos. This display shows
what has been done in citrus culture in
the foothills of Tulare County.
George T. Frost of Exeter has one of
the best exhibits at the fair. Large
quantitiea of orange*, lemons and grape
fruit are attractively arranged. The
Fresno Chamber of Commerce occupies
a large space In front of the stage, hav
ing thirty tables filled with all of the
citrus varieties, raisina, figs and glass
Jars of fruits preserved fresh. Mr. Tal
bot of Lemon Cove has a fine exhibit.
RUT U UN OF THE CUTTER
McCULLOCH FROM NOME
PORT TOWNSEND. Nov. 27.— The rev
enue cutter McCulloch, the last of the rev
enue fleet from the Arctic seas, arrived
to-day direct from Dutch Harbor. The
McCulloch sailed from Nome on October
26. She reports that the steamer Centen
nial towed the disabled steamer Santa
Ana from Nome to Dutch Harbor and will
convey her to this place. The officers or
the McCulloch are of the opinion that the
Santa Ana will reach port in safety, pro
vided she encounters *no severe storms,
which would prove disastrous in her crip
pled condition, two blades of her propeller
being gone.
The steamer Portland sailed from Dutch
Harbor on November 18. She convoyed the
little sldewheel steamer Sadie, bound for
San Francisco, and then proceeded to Pu
get Sound, and should arrive here to-night
or tP-morrow. After leaving Dutch Har
bor the McCulloch encountered three days
of storm of unusual severity.
The cutter brings news that Nome is
now completely - isolated from tho outer
world by a barrier of Ice. For seven long
months this condition of affairs will con
tinue. The camp is well supplied, with
provisions and fuel. It Is possible that
before the first steamers arrive at Nome
in the spring there may be a slight short
age of coal. ¦ _
Statehood for Arizona. /
PHOENIX. Ariz., Nov* 27.— Th« Arizona
Republican to-morrow will sayr Governor
N. O. Murphy, the defeated Republican
candidate, will go to Washington^ next
week and will endeavor to secure aid ' in
getting statehood for Arizona. It is gen
erally understood that Oklahoma ; and
New . Mexico, by virtue of the big Re
publican majorities of the late election,
will be admitted and it 'is hoped by Gov
ernor Murphy that an omnibus bill may
be prepared and pushed 'through taking In
all three Territories.
ONE MORE JTJROR SECURED
FOR HOFF MURDER TRIAL
This Makes Ten Altogether and the
Other Two May Be Secured.
To-Day.. <
It was expected that the Jury for tha
second trial of Albert Hoff. charged with
the murder of Mrs. Mary A. Clute, would
have been completed yesterday, but only
one was secured, John Bouse, out of thir
ty-eight examined, making ten altogether.
Those examined were:
T. F. Ferguson, H.- C. George. John H.
Felderman, L. Arzner, S. W. £allburg. B. L.
Allen, S. J. Dean. D. Becker. S. T. Walter, L.
Lebenbaum. John Bouse, A. Mark, J. J.
Tflster, M. Heyncmann, M. R. KrlRbaum.
Theodore Oruenhagen. J. N. Feath»r»ton*., J.
J. Gildea, P. F. Quirk, S. Armstrong. F. H.
Abbott. R. W. Heath. H. R. Hood. B. N.
Trobock, C. D. Howrey. R. E. Mulcahey. C. O.
Johnson. Henry Ladd. Ed. A. Ackerman, J. I>.
Hoss, W. A. Swinnerton, H. Shainwald. C. W.
Pike. V. C. Peyton. \V. IL Chadboume, C.
Fliik and J. A. Oray.
, E. L. Allen and W. R. Chadboume were
peremptorily challenged by the defense,
Allen for Hhe reason that he had served
on the jury that convicted Patrick Col
lins for murdering his wife In the Bran
nan-street public school. This makes eight
peremptory challenges for the defense and
five for the prosecution. A venire of sev
enty-five was issued, made returnable this
morning.
ORGANIZE TO FIGHT
LOTTERY AMENDMENT
RENO, New, Nov. 27. — The people of
Reno met en masse to-day to devise
way? and means of organizing the fight
against the lottery amendment, which will
come up before the Legislature next Jan
uary. Allen C. Bragg was chosen chair
man and E. D. Ayers secretary. Judge
Curler moved that pledges be passed
through the audience for- signatures as
follows:
W>. the undersigned, hereby Join the Anti-
Lottery League and pledge ourselves to use
all honorable means at our command to aid
in killing the scheme at the Incoming session
of the Legislature; or falllne in that, to re
double our efforts against It when it is nub
tr.itted to a. vote of the people for ratification.
A motion was made empowering the
chairman to appoint a committee of
twenty-five to organize the light, and
with power to appoint from Its number
or otherwise sub-committees to carry for
wrrd the work of the Anti-Lottery
League in such manner as seemed most
expedient.
Judge Curler in the course of a speech
paid that the corporation the citizens or
Reno had to fight was nothinsr more nor
less than the Louisiana Lotterv Com
pany, and if it once got a foot
hold in the State It would control the elec
tions in every precinct. It would set asldo
from its vast profits a sum to buy votes
and corrupt the politics of this State and
would control every office. It would con
trol the Legislature and the State of
ficers and would see to It that the State
did not grow any in population to make
Its burden heavier. •
m
Secretary Boot Returns.
WASHINGTON. Nov. 27.— Secretary
Root returned to-day. He was not in time
for the Cabinet meeting, having been de
layed five hours by a landslide. Mr. Root
said his trip to Cuba had been quite sat
lfcfaetory. He had confined his Inspection
to the east of the island. His annual re
port, Mr. Root said, would be ready for
the President • about the time Congress
meets.
Georgpe "W. Wilson.
WASHINGTON, Nov. 27.-George W.
Wilson, Commissioner of Internal Revo
nue, died this forenoon in his apartments
at the Rlggs House of Bright's disease,
complicated with asthma. There were
with him at the time of his death Mrs.
Wilson, his daughter, Mrs. Pardonner,
and several of his associates of the Treas
ury Department.
George Washington Wilson waa 57 years
of ape and a native of Ohio. He entered
the t T nlon army when 18 years old as a
private in tho Fifty-fourth Ohio Volun
teer Infantry and served throughout the
war. coming out a first lieutenant. In
1SC6 he took up the practice of law and
In 1SG9 entered the Internal Revenue ser
vice, rising from ons Important position
to another. He was regarded aa the most
thoroughly informed man on Internal rev
enue subjects who over entered the Gov
ernment service, and was consulted on all
measures affecting the revenues that have
been before Congress for many years.
The funeral will be held at Hamilton,
Ohio, on Thanksgiving day.
Funeral services conducted under the
auspices of Columbia Commandery No. 2,
Knights Templar, of which Mr. Wilson
was a member, will be held in the RIpga
House at 1 o'clock to-morrow. No formal
cervices will be held at Hamilton, Ohio,
except at the grave, where the Masonic
burial service will be read by officers of
the blue lodge at Hamilton.
Irving VT. Brownell.
TVOODLAND. N'ov. 27.— Irving W.
Brownell, a pioneer of California and for
many years a resident of Tolo County,
died on his Stony Creek stock farm.
Glenn County, last evening. The funeral
will take place in this city Thursday
afternoon at 2 o'clock. The deceased was
a native of Massachusetts and 74 years
of age. He first came to California In
1S43 and three times returned to his native
State. On his Becond and third trips he
brought large droves of cattle to Cali
fornia, j H*> was an extensive and suc
cessful'stockraiser and his ranch of 13 000
acres In Glenn County Is considered one
of the finest in the State. The survivors
of the family are the wife and three
sons. The deceased also leaves a sister
Mrs. David Hamilton, of this tity and
two brothers, "W. W. Brownell of Wood
land and Abner Brownell of Oakland.
Mrs. Kate Connihan.
PETALUMA. Nov. 27.— Mrs Ka.te Con
nlhan, wife of Jeremiah Connihan, a pros
perous young farmer, died last evening
of consumption. She was a native of New
Tork, aged 32 years. Besides the stricken
husband she leaves an 11-months-old babe.
OBJECT TO TAXATION
WITHOUT REPRESENTATION
Two Women Sepd Sarcastic Notes to J
the San Joaquin. County
Collector.
STOCKTON*. Nov. 27.— Two California j
•woman have paid their taxes, with a writ- \
ten protest attached in which taxation
v.i:hout representation is sarcastically
mentioned. Laura de Force Gordon came
to ;h~ front with the following formidable
protest against paying any money what- |
ever to the support of the government:
To the Tax Collector— Again I am compelled I
to p«y intd this o'3ce for th* support of the j
fkivcrr.ment the sum du« from me as tax**".
»ithoui being permitted to have a voio? in the J
mar.agemtnt of swernmental affairs or to in- ;
dicate by ray vote whom I Fhould prefer to ex- j
pead said tax money and to act as the official ,
r> pre<-enxsitive* of the people In their respec- }
«•-«• rap»iHt(«i. H«<* I f,'.,iz.r.'.y protest I
.--•.-¦ Ivir^r ta.xp<i to *rustaln a government I
»hl<-h governs me without my consent, and
which taxes me" without vermlttlr.g me repre
sentation therein. Protestingly.
LAURA DE FORCE GORDON.
Miss M- A. Thompson of Oakland evi
dently had the same deeply imbued opin- \
ion of woman's right*. Accompanying the
money she paid for taxes was a printed
p!ip, bearing her signature, containing the
following:
Taxation without representation is tyranny.
I hereby protect against the Injustice of beiris I
comprl'.ed to pay taxes without having; a vote I
to protect nay property Interests.
(VBrlen, Alfred Fritz, E. B. Jewell, Georges
Bharp. Charles M. Fisher, A. Hallahan. Alfred
Furth, J. K. t>ennls, Thomas H. Lindsay. F.
J. Shannon. Joseph Patnaude. B. P. Bernard.
George Blrd?all, J. Donovan, W. J. Daly, Wal
ter Beck. Dan Angletm, A. C. Berthier. R. II.
Itusrh. J. J. Carroll. Harry de Greayer, Walter
Smith) William Fauser, William T. Seiver,
Fred Petersen. George Wiesmann, George H.
Cabanlsf, Frank Stevens, John P. Glynn, Rob
ert McCord. *A1 Collins, M. R. Bernhelm,
Charles E. Carey. J. L. Herget. Louis Berger,
J. A. Doyle. O. H. Warner. Charles H. DonJan,
Arthur Mathews, S. J. Gate*. William J. Blum
benr S Sonnenfeld. William Marshall. W.
Clack. H. I. Mulrrevy, Will {am HoUlday, M.
Murphy, J. Patnaude, George Schultze, W.
Larsen, Dick Kessler. Charles Mitchell. Dr.
Masaon, James Cairnes. Dr. Bunnell, S. It.
Mount, William Flaherty, H. Tonnemachcr,
F N Bent. Gus Pohlmann, Dr. J. J. Keefe,
c" Bullman. P. Larsen, George Eyem, J. E.
Stange L. I.evln, Charles Donlan, S. Samuels
• nd A. P. Hills.
THERE will be a fluttering of
wings in Mechanics' Pavilion this
evening. Members of the local or
ganization of Kagles will forsake
their aeries and fly to the Pavilion
and hold high carnival. Every gay bird
will ruffle his bravest and will be accom
panied by .fair lady birds, for to-night
will be the second- grand carnival ball
given by Aeries Nos. 5 and 61, Fraternal
Order of Eagles.
Preparations tfor the big event have been
under way for the last month and every
thing points to agrand success. The im
mense structure will be prettily decorated
for the occasion and will make a fitting
setting for the gorgeous costumes of tho
merrymakers. A splendid band will dis
course popular dance music during the
evening. Frank H. Sharp, a fancy skater
and human spinning top, will exhibit hid
ability on rollers. Other entertaining
features have b^en secured and will be
presented between dances.
The popularity of the Eagles and tho
Immense following 6f the order assurea
a large attendance. Committees com
posed of the leading business men of this
city will look after the comfort of the
guests. The members of the order intend
making the affair surpass any previous
one and all those who attend are prom
ised a good time. Jerome Bassity haa
been elected floor manager and he will
have as his assistants George Ackerson
and Joseph S. Brown. The following
named members will aid the floor man
agers:
Ed li Head. F. r_Hinn, Gus Holateln, Louis
Fontanel, J. K. Dennis, Morris Abraham, John
Holland. Ed Peters, J. H. Seeba, James
Noble Birds Will Forsake Their Aeries to Spend a Night in
WASHINGTON. Nov. 27.— The annual
report of the United States Indian In
spector for Indian Territory calls atten
tion to the fact that the Territory, em
bracing nearly 20,000,000 acres, is owned
In common by citizens of the various
tribes, comprising Indians, negroes and
intermarried whites, aggregating 84,753
people, including freeimen. within the
borders of which are located some 350.000
whites or non-citizens who have no title
to property and are without representa
tion in the government of the Territory.
I'ntn the lands are appraised and allotted
by the commission t« the five civilized
tribee. lands in towr.sites disposed of and
tribal go> eminent s have become extinct
certain laws of Arkansas Tare extended
over Indian Territory. Federal laws ap
ply in othf-r Instances and the Secretary
of the Interior is charted by law wich
enforcement of rules ar.d regulations gov
erning other matters. Such a condition
renders affairs so complicated that it i3
not surprising, when courts and eminent
lawyers differ as to tlie proper construc
tion of the law. the people are frequently
at a Iofs to determine what laws apply or
who 1s authorized to erforcr them.
In view of the combined refusal of nor.
dtize&a within the Cbickasaw and Choc
taw nation to comply with the tribal laws
and of the fact' that the only remedy is
to remove them the report recommends
that Congress prescr.be a penalty, the
fame as in the States, for seizure and
sale of property sufficient to pay taxes
due, or thnt some other method be adopt
ed to compel payment of them other than
removing, provided these tribal tax laws
are to be in force for six years hence.
The Governors of the Chlokasaw ani
Choctaw nations recently submitted a
joint communication to the Interior De
partment protesting against the manner
of surveying and platting towns provid
ed in the Indian appropriation act, claim
ing It to be in violation of their agree
ment. Townsite commissions were then
instructed, wherever the towns desired
and it is in the interest of the towns, to
plat a suitable park at Jlu per acre and
that ten acres should be deemed suffi
cient.
Recommenda-tion is made for modifica
tion of section 3 of the Curtis act so as
to authorize the Secretary of the Interior
to Investigate land improvement contracts
and remove non-citizens, giving the latter
the right to appeal to the United States
Court to regain possession. Other recom
mendations are that- the present system
and rate of taxes be superseded by a uni
form system fixed upon non-citizens en
gaged in business to bo collected by rules
and regulations of the Interior Depart
ment and to be used for the common
g-ood: the withdrawal of a sufficient
amount of the Cherokee nation funds
from the I'nited States treasury to pay
all their outstanding Indebtedness, and
additional legislation providing that until
allotment citizens may rent their propor
tion of "agricultural or grazing" land for
such purpose- only.
ecommends Certain Amendments
in the Regulations Providing for
the Collection of Taxes
From Non-pitizens.
Annnal Report of Inspector
for the Territory Pre
sented.
CONDITIONS OF
INDIAN THIS
PITTSBURG, Nov. 27.— After three days
of incessant rain a flood, unprecedented
for this season of the year, swept down
tho Monong&hela and Allegheny rivers
last night, ruined hundreds of thousands
of dollars worth of property, caused tho
lots of at least three lives, t^mporaiTiy
threw out of employment thousands ot
workmen by the forced FUBpension of in
dustrial establishments and rendered hun
dred* of tamilies homeless. The fataiitles
ere:
FREDERICK COPPEN. aped €6. fell
find broke his neck while removing goods
irora his home.
JOSEPH DAVIS, mlllworker, drowned.
JOI1N" FLOCKEK, millworker. drowned.
A November tlcod Is quite common, but
it rarely reaches the danger line and for
This reason tho steady rains of the past
ftw days caused no alarm until late yes-
Tpriiay when warning was >-ent out that a
<nngerous flood \vaj« threatened. The ri.?
li.g- waters caught many wholly unpre
; areti. The danger line is twer.ty-luu'
:eet and this was passed about 3 o'clock
this morning. At il a. m. the marks at
l>avis Inland dam r< sr!st»>red 25 feet 7
jnches. lioth rivers were stationary and
it was thought that the worst was over.
The entire Ohio Valley will now be flood
ed, ae the reports s=how tnat the Ohio has
risen rapidly at many places.
The lowlands in PKtsburg. Allegheny,
South Sharpsburg and McKeespori aro
i::undated and Dearly every plant front
ing: the two rivers; Us Jwcn forced to shut
down. Hundreds of families in these dis
tricts have either been driven from their
homes or arc living In the upper Hours
un<i using skiffs.
There -were many narrow escapes from
drowning during the nipht and several
iiien are reported as mispinfr. Davis and
>"l"tk«-r, with three companions, atu-mi)'.
ed to row across the Allegheny in a skiff,
which became unmanageable and collided
with a coal boat. The men were thrown
into the river and Davis and Kiocker
drowned. The othors clung to the up
turned boat and were rescued after be
i:!g carried two miles down the river.
At Neville Island, the four-span railroad
Viridge in course of construction was swept
ssway during the night. It was being erect
*¦•! l.y the American Steel and Wire Com
pasy« and was also to be used for pas
finger traffic by the Pittpburg and Lake
l!rie Railway Company.
The J5oo<J was the result of a peneral
ra'.nfaJl averaging two inches over the
•watershed of the Allegheny and Mononga
hela valleys. This rain followed an aver
age of three inches precipitation which
fell last week.
Uonongn.he.lR Raging and Present In
dications Are That th* Entire
Ohio Valley "Will Be Inun
dated as Well.
Three Lives Lost and Thou
sands of Dollars' Worth
of Damage.
FLOODS ALONG
THE ALLEGHENY
EAGLES ARE TO HOLD HIGH
CARNIVAL AT THE PAVILION
MORE POLICEMEN TO BE
APPOINTED ON" FRIDAY
Commission Grants Saloon Men on
Dupont Street an Extension
of Time.
The vacancies In the ranks of the Police
Department will bo filled on Friday even
ing next and twenty-seven new officers
will go on patrol duty Saturday morning.
At the meeting of the Board of Police
Commissioners last night It was decided
that the appointments would b« made at
that time. The list of names has been sub
mitted to the board and indorsed by It as
satisfactory.
The list is made up of the successful ap
plicants in the civil service examination
and comprises the names of the first
twenty-seven In the order of merit. The
names were sent In by ; the Civil Service
Commissioners and were accepted without
change. -
s Police Officer Peter Gillen was fined J100
for assaulting a fellow officer, despite the
fact that thejpreponderance of evidence
showed that Gillen had acted In self-de
iensa.
TEN MEN COULD HAVE
BEEN rTTLTYFT) BY BEER
Poison 'Given by "Knockout" Drops
Men to Henry Shlerloh Analyzed
for Detectives.
The beer which nearly caused the death
of Henry Shlerloh, an ex-soldier, was
analyzed by a chemist yesterday, and
according to a report furnished the de
tectives it contained enough chloral to
kill ten men.
i,ast Thursday morning Shierloh, In
company with Frank Brackett and B.
Hayes, both of whom are now under ar
rest, visited the Whale sa)»>on on Third
street and ordered beer. The ex-soldier
objected to drinking his, saying that It
had a peculiar taste. His companions In-
Fisted, however, that he should, and after
taking a swallow he lapsed into an un
conscious condition. Shlerloh was then
robbed and for a time his life was de
spaired of at the Receiving Hospital.
Brackett and Hayes are both charged,
with the crime.
A meeting of the California Dairy Ex
change was held yesterday In the office of
Its president, F. E. Booth, at Davla and
Sacramento streets.
The committee on organization, con
sisting of the following named: P. E.
Brtsrham. Adolph Lorsbach. B. F. Har
vlll F V. Nelson and Julius Newbauer.
made a report in which It was stated that
headquarters for the exchange had been.
selected at California and Davis streets.
The committee then passed to the discus
sion of by-laws, which will come under
consideration at the general meeting to be
held Friday next.
The object of the new exchange Is to
hold a dally meeting at which the condi
tions of the market for butter, eggs and
general dairy products will be fixed an<l
announced In dally bulletins. Any dairy
man and all Interested parties will have
access at all times to the quotations.
DAIRYMEN'S EXCHANGE
SELECTS HEADQUARTERS
New Organization Holds Meeting at
Which By-Laws and Final Ar
rangements Are Discussed.
NEW OFFICERS ELECTED
BY MUNICIPAL LEAGUE
Improvement Club Adopts Changed
Name and Drafts Resolutions
[-¦ » Indorsing Teachers' In
stitute Petition.* •'-'
The Municipal League of San Francisco,
as the Public Improvement League Is
known, has elected the following new of
ficers: President, A. Sbarboro; first vice
president, N. B. Greensfelder; sec
ond vice ' president. N. Schleslnger; sec
retary, Gustav Schnee; treasurer, J.
Henderson; executive committee — Messrs.
Rea', Alpers. Selfridge. Truman, Vlning.
Haars, Jacobs, Brittain. Van Reynegom.
Resolutions were passed Indorsing the
action of the Teachers' Institute In peti
tioning the Justices of the Supreme Court
to hand down a decision in the matter
of the bond issue affecting park, sewer*
and school. The resolutions read as fol
lows:
Whereas, An early decision In th* matter now
pending before the Supreme Court upholding
the validity of the municipal bonda. voted for
on the 27th and 29th of December, 1899, u of
gfat and public importance and of paramount
Interest to the city and county of San Fran
cisco, therefore, be It
Resolved, That the Municipal Lea rue of Saa
Francisco most respectfully requests the hon
orable court to decide this question aa speedily
as possible.
The women of the Welsh Aid Society
held a bazaar last evening at 909 Market
street for the benefit of the fund for the
erection of a new church on Thirteenth
street, near Mission. The hall was taste
fully decorated. The booth presided over
by Mrs. R. J. Hughes, Mrs. James Smith
and Mrs. Dodge was especially attractive.
The young ladies' booth was in charge of
the Misses Florence and Maggie Davis;
the lemonade booth, of Miss Lizzie
Hughes and Miss Hazel Gardiner, and the
refreshment booth, of Mrs. George Gardi
ner, Mrs. Williams, Mrs. Edwards. Mrs.
Evan Davis, Mrs. J. Hughes and Mrs, D.
Hughes. A quartet, composed of David
Lewis, Dr. Ellis Jones, R. Hughes and
R. J. Hughes, sang several numbers. The
attendance was large, and about J3<» was
added to the building fund. " i??
Welsh Aid Society Benefit.
Carelessness in crossing the tracks at
Tenth and Mission streets early yesterday
morning caused two care to collide. Three
passengers were Injured. Charles War
wick received a painful injury in the
groin, and two other men were badly
shaken up, but were not seriously in
jured. The accident was due to the de
sire of the motormen of both cars to see
who would first get across the other
track. • : 'X'~i.i
Electric Cars Collide.
WICHITA, Kans., Nov. 27.— Mary E.
Lease this week in the Sedgwlck County
Court will file a suit for divorce from
Charles' Lease. The petition will recite
the statutory charges of incompatibility,
failure to provide, etc.
For the last three years llr. and Mrs.
Lease have not lived together. Mrs. Lease
has lived In New York, where she prac
tices law, while her husband has con
ducted a drug store in this city.
"When Lease was questioned regarding
the divorce he was very reticent and said
little, but admitted it was true,
"I will not contest the suit." he said.
"In fact, am glad it has come. I regard
Mrs. Lease as a smart woman, but as a
wife she does not suit me."
Husband "Will Not Contest, Saying
She Is a Smart Woman, but a '
J?*ailure as a Wife.
MART ELLEN LEASE
SUES FOB. A DIVORCE
MEADE WILL LEAVE HEBE
WITH NUMBER OF RECRUITS
Transport to Sail From This Port
With Embryo Soldiers Assigned
to Manila, .--
The next vessel to leave this port for the
Philippines will be the transport Meade,
which will sail on December 1. Yester
day orders were issued by the department
commander assigning to quarters on this
vessel all recruits and casuals at the
Presidio. The men will be organized into
a battalion, under the command of Lieu
tenants H. P. Hobbs and Emery T.
Smith.
Lieutenant George M. Lee. Thirty
ninth Infantry, has been assigned to
duty as aid-de-camp to General Fltz
hugh Lee at Omaha, N'ebr. Lieutenant
Lee Is a son of the commander of the
Department of the Missouri, and has seen
considerable service In the Philippines and
Cuba-
Frank M. Banquette, hospital steward,
the story of whose romantic marriage
was published fcome time ago In The Call,
received his discharge yesterday from
the hospital corps of the army, by wav
of favor. Steward Basquette's father ia
a wealthy resident of Nashville, Tenn..
and the "worthy son of a noble sire"
made his farewells t« his comrades In a
manner befitting his reputation as a man
with money to burn.
Samuel Tunney, private of Company K,
Thirty-seventh Infantry, and J. J. Wel
gand. private of Company G, Twenty
seventh Infantry, died yesterday at the
General Hospital.
UNEXPECTED DEATH OF
ABLE YOUNG PHYSICIAN
Dr. W. G. Hay Stricken Down in
Midst of Conversation With
His Mother.
Dr. T\. G. Hay died suddenly Monday
night in his office, at 1403 California street.
ills mother, who is employed In the City
Library, was visiting him, and while In
conversation with her he fell from his
chair in convulsions. Mrs. Hay sum
moned medical aid, and although her son
regained consciousness his condition con
tinued to grow worse, and he expired at 9
o'clock.
Dr. Hay was in his thirty-third year.
He graduated from the medical depart
ment of the University of California with
the class of '91, and was afterward ap
pointed as assistant in dermatology and
assistant demonstrator in anatomyin that
institution. Last January he was ap
pointed to take charge of the vaccination
department of the Board of Health and
held that position whe.n he died. He was
regarded as a young physician of great
promise.
MEMBERS OF THE ORDER OF
EAGLES WHO ARE HELP
ING . ARRANGE CARNIVAL.
Sister Sanghamitta to Lecture on the
COUNTESS RETURNS A
PRIESTESS OF BUDDHA
Truths of Buddhism and Life
in the Far East.
The Countess Canavarro, who three
years ago renounced all worldly ties to
become a Buddhist sister, returned yester
day on the Nippon Maru from her stay
In the Orient.
The Countess, who Is now known as
Sister Sanghamitta, comes to spend a
year in the United States, during which
time she will deliver lectures, her object
being to enlighten the people as to th>»
truths of Buddhism. During her short
stay in the Far East Sister Sanghamitta
has devoted her time to study and phil
anthropy. She has founded three schools
for girls In Ceylon, where she has alw
established a convent. Aside from the
practical religious work of her order Sis
ter Sanghamitta has translated the "Ab
hidhamma," an ancient work of philoso
phy and psychology, originally writ
ten in Pall, a tongue even more ancient
than the sacred Sanskrit. This transla
tion the Buddhist sister will publish early
next year.
No arrangements for lectures in this
city have as yet been made, but it has
been decided that there are to be several,
and one of them will probably be on th*
Hindoo famine, in the mids»t of which
Sister Sanghamitta has lived.
Previous to the journey to the Orient
Sister Sanghamitta made her homo in
Oakland, and it was through her interest
in the Theosophical Society of this city
that the lady became Interested and
finally converted to Buddhism.
Happened to Rrown " It will be presented
by Jan.t-i C O'Donnell and a number of
local humorists. It is promised that for
almost two hours the audience will bo
kept In a continual burst of laughter.
Dancing will follow at 10 o'clock.
Company C is one of the leading com
panies of the League of the Cross Regi
ment. It is recruited from the parishes of
St. Rose's. St. Joseph's and St. Patrick's.
Its officers are: Philip L. Bannan. captain:
Frank Dougherty, first lieutenant, and
William Quinn. second lieutenant. As the
membership Is steadily growing, there is
urgent need of new uniforms and the pro
ceeds of this evening's entertainment will
be devoted to that purpose. The admis
sion fee is twenty-five cents. % v
CAPTAIN PHILIP U BANNAN.
LEAGUE OF THE CROSS
CADETS. FOWZER PHOTO.
Licenses to Marry.
OAKLAND, Nov. 27.— Licenses to marry
were issued to-day to John Gent. 33. and
Mary E. Carr, 33, Oakland; William Fred
erick Osborn. 25, and Dora Fann. 20, Sj.ii
Francisco; Frederick \V. Whitcomb. 26.
und Bessie Perkins. IS. Oakland: Marcel
lus Augustus Graham. 55, and Mrs. Mattle
A. .Morris, 37, San Fraoclsco; Candido P.
Bernal, 25, Sunol, and Julia Murphy, 26
Mission San Jose: John Daly, 31, and Kate
Smith. 31, San Francisco; Crlss Carll. 22.
and Annie LJppwskt, IS, San Francisco;
Lester Hugh Elliott. 24, Oakland, and
Cora Eva Spencer, 13. Alameda.
ONE of the most enjoyable Tbantet
givir.g entertainments so far an
nounced will be that of Company
C. League of the Cross Cadets.
The officers of the company have
prepared an excellent programme for the
amusement of their friends this evening
in Native Sons' Hall. 114 Ma 9. on street.
The principal feature at ths evening's
fun will be the ccmlc operetta. "What
The Comic Operetta "TRThat Hap
pened to Brown" and an Excellent
Vaudeville Bill Makes Up
the Programme. ¦
Will Perform To-Night for
Benefit of League of
the Cross.
CLEVER CADETS
AS ACTOR FOLK
Oakland Office San Franrisco Call,
* 1113 Broadway, Xov. 27.
"There never was a time when demand
for more wharfage on the bay of San
Frandsro was more pressing than now.
The city is practically at the end of the
rope regarding . these facilities, and the
eyea of shipping men are now turned to
ward Oakland and her miles. of possibili
ties."
This was United States Senator George
C. Perkins" comment to-day in connection
with work in Congress this winter for
Oakland harbor. Continuing Senator Per
kins said:
"In Congressman Metcalf Oakland har
bor has a very warm friend and one who
can be depended upon to do everything In
his power to satisfy the wants of those
interested In the Oakland harbor develop
"Improvement of the Oakland harbor
will occupy much of our attention. For
the past six weeks engineers have been
surveving and sounding the .larbor for the
purpose of furnishing the. War Depart
ment with the exact details regarding all
that will be necessary to place the harbor
in first-class condition.
"The Board of Trade and the Merchants'
Exchange should lose no time and spare
no effort to impress upon the department
the necessity for the immediate dredging
of Oakland harbor, so as to make it suit
able for deep-water shipping and for ship
building."
Senator Perkins said he favored exten
sive Improvements at Mare Island, Includ
ing the establishment of a Government
ship-bullding plant. He spoke of river im
provement, increase In mint facilities, ap
propriation for the new San Francisco
custom-house and the saving to San Fran
cisco of the transport service as some of
the important work ahead for the delega
tion. The Senator departed this evening
for Washington.
Mariners Are Looking to East Side
of the Bay to Relieve Congested
Conditions in San
Francisco.
Senator Perkins Works for
Development of Ship
Facilities.
TO MAKE OAKLAND
A BIG SEAPORT
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, NOVEMBER 28, 1900.
9
THE DAY'S DEAD.
POSTUM CEREAL
JUSTIFIABLE DECEIT.
little Acts Practiced by "Wives.
The way a Cincinnati woman cured her
husband of the coffee habit by a little by-
play Is worthy of imitation in bad cases.
He tells the tale himself: "For years I
had been using coffee and finally I got like
a morphine or opium fiend. I knew per-
fectly well that coffee robbed me of sleep,
and I would lie awake hour after hour In
the night, throwing away my life practi-
cally, for I needed the sleep to carry on
my work.
"Common eeiise and my knowledge of
the medicinal effects of caffeine (the ac-
tive principle of coffee) told me plainly
enough that I was ruining my life with
every cupful, but to give coffee up was
another question. I pimply could not.
"About three months ago my wife
brought home a sample of Postum Food
Coffee, but I would not hear of It. She
f eld I wu stubborn and hard headed.
No doubt I waj^ but I wasn't myself.
"She apparently gave up the effort to
Induce me to change, and I went on (as
I supposed) with my coffee right along,
five cups a day. About a month after
that I noticed I was sleeping very much
better at night, my nerves were fully fifty
per cent stronger. I drank Just as much
coffee as ever, and was delighted- to think
that It was not the coffee that was hurt-
lag me.
"SpeeJdngr t» xny wife about the change
In my health, I told h«r that there must
be something to my habits that had
changed my healti. for I was bo much
better, and I was glwi to know that 1
CSBld get better and still use coffee. 8he
laughed heartily and said she might as
well let the cat cut of the bag. . She said,
•I have been giving you Postum Food
Coffee for a whole month and you have
never known It.'
"The proof was so plain and the Pos-
tum Coffee so good that X. was simply de-
lighted with the whole affair, and, of
course, freely forgave my wife, for the
Justifiable deception. I am getting well
as fast as a man could and am telling
tar friends about It. However, many or
them, like myself, will not hear to any
change, but stick to their coffee, and
complain of headaches, indigestion, eto.
A few of them have been induced- to
make the change from coffee to Postum
Food Coffee, and I have never known a
case where It has not worked a great
adv&nras-e." J, B. Huttenmiller, 113
£*ce street. Cincinnati.' Ohio. '
ADVERTISEMENTS.
SENT FREETO MEN!
A Most Remarkable Remedy That
Quickly Restores Lost Vigor
to Men.
A Free Trial Package Sent toy Mall
to All Who Write.
Free trial packages of a mest remarka-
ble remedy are being mailed to ail who
will write the State Medical Institute.
They cured so many men tho had bat-
tled for years against the mental and
physical suffering of lost manhood that
the Institute haa decided to di3tributa
free trial packages to all who writ*. It
is a home treatment, and all men who
suffer from any form of sexual weakneaa
resulting from youthful folly, prcmatur*
loss of strength and memory, weak back,
varicoeele or emaciation of parts can sow
cure themselves at home.
The remedy has a peculiarly grateful
effect of warmth and wemj to act direct
to the desired location. Buying strenetn
and development Just where it la needed.
It cures all the Ills and troubles .hat com*
from years of misuse of the natural func-
tions and haa been an absolute success irt
all cases. A request to the State Medical
Institute, 22S Elektron bclldingr. Fort
Wayne. Ind.. statins that you desire ?no
of their tree trtal packages, will be com-
plied with promptly. The Institute la de-
sirous of reaching that srea- class of men
who are unable to leave home to be treat-
ed, and the free sample will enable them
to see how easy it ia to be mred of »ex-
ual weakness when the proper remedies
are employed. The Institute makw no re-
strictions. Any man who Tsrites will bo
sent a free sample, carefully seal*l jn a
plain package, so that Its recipient need
have no fear of embarrassment or public-
ity. Readers are requested to writ* with-
out delay.
1 Hunyadi J£n@i|
/ S IS THE BEST NATURAL APERIENT WATER KNOWN. W
'•Vr . one Thousand prominent physician* h»Te testified to this fact. Reed -what Pro- ??*
/|\ fessor Flcot of Bordeinx, France (Professor of Clinical Medicine at the nnlrarslty) \l/
/li writes: "Hnnyadl Janot is Indisputably the best of laxttWes. it la admirably tol- fl'*
'•1? erated by the stomach, it acta without giving rlaa to Intestinal irritation, and It, j»*
/l\ therefore. dea«TT«t.iU nniTeraal popularity." \f/
i)\ Nature's Remedy for the Cure of M/
I GONSTIPATION, I
ijc Disordered Stomach, Biliousness and Liver Complaints. A'* '
/li A C I/ 1 Fw *»• FnnVasM, I I A DCT I on bottle la BLUK V
,W MD l\ "HUNYADI-JANOS." I 1 - wlta RED Centre PimL |'|-THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, NOTEMBEE 28, 1900.
10
SAX FKASCISCO CALL.
"BUSINESS OKK1CB of The San Frandsco
Coll. corner of Market and Third streets; open
cntll 12 o'clock every night In the year.
BRANCH OFFICES^-t27 Montgomery street,
ccroer Clay; open until f :J0 p. m.
300 Hayes etreet; open until 9:30 p. m.
CSS McAllister street; open until >:!J p. m.
flJ Larfcin street; open until »:89 p. m.
J^l Miwlcn etreet; open until 10 p. m.
I2C1 Market etreet. corner Sixteenth: open
until S p. m.
IP6 Eleventh street: open until » p. m.
1096 Valencia rtreet; open until 1 p. nr.
Northwest corner Twenty-recond and Ken-
tucky ftreets: open until ) p. m
KEETIAG .\OTICES.
MOUNT iib^IAlTLofige No. 44. F. and •
A. M. -Meeting THIS (WEDNESDAY)
EVENING, 7:30 o'clock. Third Jfgree. T^Jr
THEO. FROLICH. Sec>-. /?>
CROCKETT Lodsre No. 13*. F. and A. M. •
Third degree THIS EVENING. Nov.
:' et 7:30 o'clock. "Hy order of the X J\
TV. M. H- FOKTRIEDE, Secy. /V>
EXCELSIOR Lodge No. 166. F. and A. m
M.— Special meeting- THIS <WEDNES~_^4.
DAY) EVENING. Nov. 1S>. Rt 6:30 >t5f
o'clock. Second and third degrees. /^T >
THEO. K. SMITH. Eecy.
MISSION Ledge Xo. 1CJ. F. and A. M.— jT~
Called meeting THIS (WEDNESDAY) _/%_
¦EVENING. 7:10 o'clock. Third d^frree. tSJT
GBO. P. FLACK. Secy. /V>
XXTGHTS of the Golden Eagle / f&fh- \
tr.eet THIS (WEDNESDAY) I f.^S^W 1
EVENING, at 8 o'clock. Native \ jBY}J[i/
Sons' Hall, 414 Mason St.
AXXUAh MEETING— The regular annual
meeting cf the stockholders of the Paiuhai
Fuuar Plantation Company will be held at
the office cf the company. No. 3?T Market St..
Fan Francisco. Cal.. en SATURDAY, the 1st
day cf December. 19C0. at the hour of 11
o'clock a. m.. fcr the purpose of electing a
board of directors to serve for the ensuing
year end" the transaction of euch other busi-
nm *m may ccme before the meetine- Tranfc-
fer books will close on TUESDAY. November
to. 1KX). at 3 o'clock p. m.
E. H. SHELDON. Secretary.
AGENTS WAXTED.
XV** to $o00 PER month: men cr women; salary
cr commifsl.in. M7 Market rt.. room 61S.
ASl'HALTIM HOOKING.
2. PELTIER, eephalt rocfiag. sidewalks re-
raire<!: portal. i:SS MIfsion: tel. "Folsom 1607.
ASTROLOGY.
¦fjR C. TOUSEY TAYLOR. Scientific Astrolo-
c»r— Free enpy 'The New Moon." 765 Market.
ATTOUNEYS AT LAW.
T- W. KING. 5:7 Market et.. 6th floor, rocm €27
— Instates, dr.mages. attachments, bankruptcy,
ocllectloni" ; all case*; fair fees; no advance
charges; locns on eutates. Tel. Howard 1537.
ADVICE free: divorce lav a fppclalty; private:
r.o fee without success; collections. G. W.
2IOWE. atty at law. SM Market, cor. Stockton.
I. EPTV. JAKRETT, Hearst bldg.. Third and
Market *ls.: phone Red Z2t2.
ADVICE free; no charge unless successful. VT.
W. DAVIDSON, 127 Market St.. opp. Mascn.
L. S. CLARK. Emma Spreckels bldg.. S27 Mar-
ket et.: consu'.taticn free; no fees In advance.
UATH OAUIXETS.
P.OBINSON. Niagara. Perfection and others. W.
g. BROWN CO.. agency. *2E Ellis ft.. 6. F.
ULSI.\fc>S CliAM'ttS.
j3.'n) — COFFEE and lunch parlor doing a good
business in b»Ft part of oitv; a bargain. It. j
O. WILKi:, 26\* Kearny tt.
A— I75U0; SALOON near Chronicle building; es-
tablished years and known as one of the \
leading place* ot the city. Call R. G. i
WILKE, "J6H Kearny bt.
A-*U1>0; OOBKES srecery and bar; one blocK I
south cf McAllister et.; rent $45; i\% years
ltase; owner has two more places of bust- I
nets and must sell one; etock will Invoice
the prico. Call K. G. WILKE. 16^ Kearny.
A.— tit/*; SALOON with mercantile lunch, sur-
rounded by wholesale houses and factories;
business clearing J12o per month easy; owner
keeps i>lace in Oakland end roust sacrifice.
R. G. WILKE. iC\^ Kearny et. j
A— tI"OlK>; RESTAURANT and coffee parlor on '
Kearr.y st., near Chronicle bulMing; .rent $12s>; '
business clearing TlKK) and above per month;
owner engaged otherwise; compelled to Bacrl-
tice. Call R. G. WILKE. SSH Kearny st.
A— J3K»; CORNER liquor bar; established 49
ye-ars: located near Chronicle building; 3
vears' leese; dally receipts about JoO; one of
the best paying bars in this city. Particulars
H. G. WILKE. Kearny Et.
A— CORNER butcher shop on Howard et. ; do-
ing a first-clefs raying cash business; must
»ell at once; owner poing in cattle buying.
R. G. WILKE. ;c^ Kearny 8t.
#W>— LADY partner wanted. German preferred,
with best rejerences. in a lar^e paying busi-
ness establish*"! tor many years. Particular*
caU R. G. W1LKE. X 1 -- Kearny Bt.
A— $5000. HOTEL with 57 room!«. dining-room
and bar; rent J!50; located 1 block from C«il
building; established years; known as th»
beft-pp.ylr.g tecor.'i-class hotel In this city;
Investigate end you will find a splendid busi-
ness. R. G. WILKE. 26^t Kearr.y et.
A— fUCW, BAKERY, corner, in Western Add.;
estab. many years; i horses, wagon, etc.; bak
Ing 4 barrels pr day; .". living rooms, bath;
rent, %:/>: t years' lease: death of owner cause
of tale. R. G. WILKE. 26^4 Kearny St.
PARTNER wanted in light manufacturing bus-
iness; owner a practical workman: established
business; prefers partner to other help; capital
required. S400. DONNELLY & CO.. 622 Markt.
SALOON; finert locality ; fair stock and a good
run of custom; offer wanted to-day. DON-
NELLY & CO.. €32 Market Bt.
A— PARTNER wanted in good hotel. COWING
& CO.. 713 Market 6t.
A— GROCERY: best bargain ever offered; $13
takes It. COWING & CO.. 719 Market et.
A— SALOON; water front; a snap this day.
COWING & CO., 719 Market St.
CALOON and 8 rooms; located on corner; two
blocks from Call building: no hot or cold
lunch business In this place; established S3
vears; pavinsr well; partners can't agree;
rrlee only JiiQ. M. A. BROOKS, 12 Goldea
Gate ave.
$«00— RESTAURANT; near Market: clearing- 12)0
mo. ; party 3 years In place. BASILE, 3 Eddy.
JliS — CIGAR etand on Market et: worth double
amount. FLORES CO.. 1016 Market, rm. 10.
f 00— LADY as rartner hair and dressmaking
Ftore. 1C6 Devlsadero rt.
ri'BLIC ADMINISTRATOR'S SALE.
Fealed bids will be reo*l%-ed at my office. S3?
Montgomery rt., on FRIDAY,' Nov. 30. at noon,
for 76 Fhares of the stock cf Lewis & Co., dray-
men. The caplt&l etock of this concern eonsidts
of 200 ehares. For further Information apply to
P. BOLAND. Public Administrator.
A— J4000; BREWERY and bottling works; own-
er has other business; cannot attend to both;
will pell half or whole. See owner. 605 Battery.
WANTED — Party with decorative art etock to
take part of K>arny-«t. floor. Addresb
BACKUS Studio, 11 Geary st-
FOR rale— A -No. 1 stationery and candy store;
test downtown lwatlan; full Investigation.
Address box 43L Call office.
STORE to rent In best block of Market et.;
1Cjc20. with upper floor and large basement;
bc-nus wantofi. Box 1013. Call office.
WELL equipped plating plant doing splendid
business. JSOO; worth M500; sickness compels
quick sale. Box 188. Call office.
jr 5— WHITE FRONT saloon; no agent; call
and 6*e. VSi Washington tt., nr. Montgomery.
TAILOR shop, rood city business and fixtures,
for eale at a bargain. 2122 Mission st.
EALOON for sale; opposite ferry. HI East st,,
north of Market; no asents.
GROCERY and bar: rood business; selling ac-
count rickness. 1111 Howard et.. cor. Langton.
1 100— RESTAURANT: must be sold to-day on
account of eicknesa. I4S Fifth St.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 22)0 Flllmore et.
A WEEK'S news for 6c— The Weekly Call. II
retires. In wrapper, for mailing, tl per year.
LODGIKG-UOl'SttS FOR SALE.
27 ROOMS en Powell «t-: rent J175; price.. J1900
7 rooms on Taylor et.; rent J20; price 6S5
IS rooms on Geary Ft.; rent JC5; price 10M
14 rooms on O'Farrell st.; rent $50; price.. S00
12 rooms on Post St.; rent JiO; price SCO
15 rooms on O'Farrell «.; rent $05; price.. 750
23 rooms on Mission st.; rent $60; price... 1100
16 rooms on Howard et.; rent K5; price... 750
For quick sales lift your houses with A. L.
WILLEY. S16 Market it.: phone black £215.
HTTYERS of Iod«rtng-bous«?s will find large Mst:
fine bargz-ins In lodcing-houses. Samples:
1C2 rooms ; rent !«4; price J13O0.
It rooms; rent 554; price 1400.
We loan money to buyers at 1H per cent.
6CHWEINHARD & CO.. 517 Market rt.. be-
tween Fifth and Sixth. Phone Mint 1311.
II. GRIFFIN. 71> Market et.. room 1. Free list.
New bargains every day— good paying house*.
Pier £00; dl elzeg and prices; terms easy.
FOR «ale— 242 Elxtb et.; nice eunny house of
TOn eale— At a eacrince: the roomins-houee,
CS Firth si '. . '
LODGIXG-HOUSES FOR SALE.
a"-5SrOOm" lioueeT central!. .. '. . . . . ?. . . \ .... $1009
20-room house; first claes # 1050
11-room house; $475; 6-room flat 323
20-room house; Eddy; rent $75: only 900
FISHER & CO., 1032 Market st.
ENAP; 11 rooms, furnished; clears $25 per mo.;
only 812S. FISHER & CO.. 1032 Market St.
11-ROOM lodging-hpuae; paying; will sell rea-
sonable. Box 235. Call office.
CARRIAGES AXD WAGONS.
COLUMBUS' BCGGT ' CO.. clearance sale; low
wheel, rubber, tire, road wagon, $80; other
styles at proportionately low prices; suitable
Xmas presents. Markt. nr. 9th.. opp. St. Nlch.
FOR eale — Cheap: fine Caffrey brougham, near-
ly new. with new rubber tires and patent
French brake. Inquire St. Lawrence Stable,
423 Poet et
ALL kind's of wagons, buggies, carts, harness,
etc.. cheap. FGAN &. SON. 2U7 Mission st.
AN A No. 1 express watron. single, also light
camping wagon, for sale cheap. 532 Mission.
NEW & Id-hand wagon*, buggiee. carts & har-
nesg. work &. driving horses. 15th & Valencia.
SPIRITUALISM.
MRS^DRi FARNHAM, worid-renowned spirit-
ual medium: adx'lce in all affairs of life, law-
suits, divorces, deaths; unites the separated;
mining a- specialty; drs. Sun.. Wed.. Frt. ev*s;
come and be convinced. Permanently located
613 Eddy tt.. bet. Hyde and Larkln: no sign.
MRS. J. J. WHITNEY, test, business me-
dium and life reader; also medical clairvoy-
ant; treats all diseases at office orj by letter;
sittings. $1. 1164 O'Farrell St.; take Ellis car.
MME. YOUNG'S test meet, to-night; Neptune
Wlrwam. Webster-st. *ta_. Ala.. 10c; sittings
to-day, 760 Central ave., Webster-st 6ta., Ala.
MRS DR. GILRON, 614 Jessie et, near 7th;
circles Tues.. Thurs.. Sun.. 8 p. m.; sit, dally.
"CONSULT Watson." 1561 Mkt. St.. nr. 12th;
medium, clairvoyant, psychic, palm.; 60c, $L
MRS HARRISON— Medium, test, readings; see
her clr. Tues. Thurs.. Sun. S5S Mission st
MME RUTH, wonderful card clairvoyant, has
returned; fee 2Ec and 50c. 70S Ellis Et.
MME. MAJORS, plfted spiritual medium,
healer and card reader. 14C Eddy St.
EDW EAKLE slate writer, removed 300 Ellis,
cor. Taylor; Sunday night. Pythian Castle.
FRIENDSHIP Hall. 335 McAllister— Mrs. C. J.
Meyer, fitting: convincing tests to-night; 10c.
CLAIRVOYANTS.
MRS DR. F. CLARK, the well-known trance
medium. Is permanently located at 1T06 Mar-
ket Bt corner of Golden Gate ave., room 25
and 26; take elevator. Perfect satisfaction
guaranteed by mall. Send stamp for pamph-
let •w-lth special terms. '
MME PORTER, wonderful clairvoyant & card
reader, born with double veil— second eight;
diagnoses disease with life reading; ladles 50c,
gents $1: palm, and dalr. sit $1 60. 126 Turk.
MME BEHNARD reads life fluently; advice
Klven In all affaire of life; satisfaction guar-
anteed: 25c up. 17 Third st, next Examiner.
REMOVED- The great inspirational card read-
er- price TSc ond 50c: hours 10 a. m. till 9 p.
m. MADAME VAN BERGEN. 22S Fulton st
ISMAR. the Egyptian gypsy clairvoyant and
palmist, permanently located 114S Market opp.
Cth; private readings dally. 10 a. m. to 6 p. m.
MRS. E. SANDERS. 514 Taylor St.. near Geary
— Clairvoyant palmist and business medium;
ladles' circle Thurs., 2 p. m.; Frl., 8; clr. 25c.
MRS. CAMERON, clairvoyant, card reader, me-
dium: 25c up. f23 Mirslon. nr. 4th: ring bell.
MRS. MELVILLE, well-known clairvoyant, wa-
| ter reader, moved to 11 Sljth; German spoken.
I M11E. SCHAFFER. clairvoyant, card reader;
Fittings dally. 44SH Jessie st.
i MME. ZF.REDA, the gypey, is the great palm-
ist and card reader: 25c. 7 Seventh St.
MRP. H. M. DUVAL, clairvoyant and business
medium. 215 Kearny Et.. rooms S-10.
MME. AUGUST, clairvoyant, card reader and
palmistry; truth or no pay; 25c 1119 Mission.
I MME. RAVENNA reads life fluently; business
I advice: names given; 25c up. 6 Fourth st.
CARPET BBATMfG AXD CLEAXIXG.
WHEN you become disgusted with poor work
send to SPAULDING'S Pioneer Carpet-Beat-
ing Works. 353-35* Tehama St.: tel. South 40.
STANDARD. 31S Guerrero — Curtains and blan-
kets renovated. Sc per pair: carpets cleaned.
Sc yd.; laying a specialty. Phone Mission 106.
CARPETS cleaned at 3c per yard, laid at 6c,
STRATTON'g. S Eighth St.: tel. Jessie 944.
I J. E. MITCHELL. Carpet-Beating and Reno-
! vatlng Co.. 240 Fourteenth St.; tel. Mission "4.
CITY Steam Carpet-Beating Works. G. H.
STEVENS, mgr., 28-45 8th St.; tel. South 250.
ADVANCE Carpet-Cleaning Co., 402 Sutter St.;
| tel Main 394. GEO. WALCOM. proprietor.
! CONKLIX'B Carpet-Beating Works. S33 Golden
Cate ave.: tel^rhone East 126.
CHIKOPODISTS.
j EUXIONS, Ingrown nails, corns, absolute cure,
painless: consul" n free. I>r. Dunran. 415 Sutter.
< COLLECTION OFFICES.
j GEORGE W. KELLY'S Agency— No charge un-
j less successful. Room 3)0. S27 Market st.
COTTAGES TO LET.
• COTTAGE cf 3 rooms: newly papered; $6. 513
j Capp st.
I $10— COTTAGE (rear). 4 rooms and attic; gar-
; den; water free. Apply 1121% Filbert Bt.
1 $12—9 PERINE et; 2-story house. 6 sunny
! rooms and yard. Apply at 2526 California.
™~ DENTISTS.
AT~the" "ELlECTR^-DE^TXL"cLfNIc! 809 m7£
ket »t., cor. 4th, rm. 7, Flood bldg., you crin
have, your extractions done painlessly: teeth
¦without plates our specialty; gold crowns,
S3 59* up: plates, extractions free, $4 50 up; of-
! flee hours, 9 a. m. to 10 p. m. ; Sundays, 9 to 2
i p. m. G. W. WILLIAMSOX.M.D., Manager.
EIGHT prises for best crowns, plates, bridges
, and fillings; extractions or fillings bymywon-
I dcrful secret painless method; 20 -years' ex-
I jer'.ence; no students; advice free; prlc»?s
cheapest and guaranteed; lady attendants.
DR. GEORGE W. LEEK. 20 O'Farrell st
! A NEW plate, the unbreakable Rose Pearl,
¦ ¦waiTHnted for 20 years; crowns and bridge-
work; teeth without a plate; fillings. 50c;
crowns. $? 50; plates, full set. $5: all work
jaini«»« and warranted. CHICAGO DENIAL
. PARLORS. 24 Sixth St.
DR. LUDLUM HILL. 1443 Market nr. Eleventh
— Xo charge for extracting when plates »re
made: old plates made over like new; teeth
from $S per set; extracting, 50c; gas given.
"MAIN Office" New York Dental Parlors. 1019
Market rt.. bet. Sixth and Seventh; consult
us on crowns and bridges; teeth extracted
positively and absolutely without pain.
PARIS Dental Parlor, 235 Kearny, cor. Bush-
Full Fet of teeth. $4; crowns. $3: fillings. 25c.
VAN VROOM— "PalnleBs"; evenings and Sun-
da-s. 1001 Market st, corner Sixth.
SET of teeth without plate. .DR. H.v G.
YOUNG. 1841 Polk St. x
LOWEST prices in S. F. ; painless extraction,
!yv. New York Dentists. 969 Mission, cor. Cth.
DRESSMAKERS AXD SEAMSTRESSES
McDOWKLL Dressmaking and Millinery School;
patterns cut; evening class. 1019 Market st
ACCORDIOX pleating factory; all kinds pleat-
ing, pinking. 121 Post, over O'Connor &Moff a tt
DRESSMAKING; reasonable i rices; dresses
made ov>r; perfect fit. 387 Geary at.
DEPILATORY.
O. C C— A Harmless liquid for permanently
removing FUptrfluous hair; will not Irritate,
burn nor poison the most delicate akin; agents
wanted. Oatnrto Ch>m. Co.. ag'cy. 426 Ellis.
EDUCATIONAL.
GALLAGHER-MAh-SH College. Parrott Bldg.—
Shorthand, typing and bookkeeping; Robert F.
Gallagher, expert court reporter; teacher of
shorthand; reportorial phrasing taught; prac-
tlcal bookkeeping; full course. $S0; catalogue.
HKALD'S BUSINESS COLLEGE. 24 Post St..
6. F. — Bookkeeping, shorthand, typing, lan-
i puages, telegraphy. English branches, civil,
electrical and mining engineering, etc.; day
and night Besslons;new 60-page catalogue free.
A — THE LYCEUM, an accredited preparatory
school for the university, law and medical
colleges; references. President Jordan or any
Stanford professor. Pbelan building.
BOOKKEEPING or shorthand— If you want to
learn in a limited time, take private lesaoni,
from an exDerienced teacher. M. W. COR-
NELL. room S3. Thurlow block, 126 Kearny Bt
HE FAILED! "bad he practiced bookkeeping a
ehort time with expert Tarr, 120 Parrot bldg.,
he would not; be wipe.
MISS M. G. BARRETT. Shorthand Academy:
lessons by mail; acknowledged by official re-
porters best teacher, best system. . 302 Montgry.
ALL students but two taking full course thlj
year sot positions. SAN FRANCISCO BUSI-
NESS COLLEGE. 123S Market Bt.
ENGINEERING, civil, elec., minlng,mech..inir-
vey. assay, cyanide, arch. ; da", eve. ; est. 1864.
VAX PER NAILLEN SCHOOL. 933 Market. .
PIANO: history of music: German: French: W
per month. Y. M. C. A. bldg.. fifth floor.
MUNSON. School Shorthand. Typing. Bookkeep-
ln*. Spanleh. 137 Mont* y. E. M. Carpenter, 1 pr.
V EDUCATIONAL.
AYRES' Business College, 723 Market St.; day
and evening; individual Instruction, $S per
month; life scholarship, $50; bookkeeping,
shorthand, telegraphy, etc.; catalogue free.
MR. and MRS. D. MANSFIELD, music studio,
violin, guitar, mandolin; banjo. 1836 Eddy st.
ILLUSTRATION— PARTINGTOX'S DAY and
ILLUSTRATION— Night claes. 424 Pine st.
ARITHMETIC, bookkeeping:, grammar, writing,
etc.. day or eve.: $5 mo. 1024 Mission, nr. 6th.
EMPLOYMENT OFFICES.
A— JAPANESE and Chinese employment con-
tractor; est*b. over 10 years ; all kinds help.
421 Post tt.. near Powell; telephone Bush 135.
JAPANESE responsible housecleanlng co. ; est
1870; practical recommend; try them; removed
to 419 Devlsadero: tel. Fell 136. F. HAMAD.
JAPANESE and Chinese employment office;
best help. 826 O'Farrell st? tel. Hyde 2191.
RELIABLE Japanese-Chinese employment of-
flce; all kinds help. 315 Stockton; Main 51S8.
UNION Japanese-Chinese emp. office— Best help
furn.; domestic scrv. 417 Powell; tel. Bush 376.
ORPHEUM Employment Office— Japanese. Chl-
neee help. 426 Powell, nr. Sutter; tel. Black S072.
CHINESE and Japanese Employment Office —
Beet help. 4UH O'Farrell St.; tel. East 426.
KMI'LOVMEST WANTED — FKMALK.
ALL-AROUND cook and help; can take chefs
place or full charge. of kitchen; English.
French or German cook; first-class pastry;
flret-claas hotel references. 2<2 Natoma st.
AS nurse to surgeon or physician, by a
lady with 5 years' experience European hos-
pitals; highest credentials. Room 64, Wind-
sor Hotel, San Francisco. ¦- . .
RESPECTABLE woman with a girl • 6 years
old wishes housework, private family, or
chamberwork in roomlng-hcuse; no trlHers;
references; wages $10. 744 Howard st. -
WOMAN with a child 7 years old wishes a po-
sition at general housework in plain family.
Call 917 Xatoma st.
SCANDINAVIAN lady would like a situation
to do laundry or upstairs work. Address N.
E., 1336 San Bruno ave.
WANTED— By young woman position as house-
keeper or light housework. Call or address
1007U. Market Et.. from 9 to 6.
WANTED by a young American lady a posi-
tion as housekeeper; reference given and re-
qulred. Box 430. Call office. :
MIDDLE-AGED woman, good cook and house-
keeper, wishes to manage widower's home;
no triflers. Address, by mall only, 2591 Market.
COLORED woman wants days' work; refer-
ence. Call 253 Jessie at; H. A.
SWEDISH cook and laundress wishes any kfnd
of work by the day. Box 612, Call office.
A STRONG youne woman wants ¦work by the
day. M., 33V4 Gilbert st, off Bryant
PROTESTANT woman desires situation In
American family; good refs. Box 521. Call.
SITUATION by Nova Scotia Scotch woman;
cook or housework. Apply 1664 Market et
WANTED— By a middle-aged woman, a place
to do light work; object, home more than
wages. Box 440.. CaU office.
1 SPANISH girls would like to get work out
in the country. Call or address 718 Green-
wich rt, city.
LADY wishes a place as lady's nurse, working
housekeeper or take care of an invalid: refer-
ence if required. MRS. DONAVAN. 2813
Twenty-third st., between Bryant and York.
COLORED lady wishes situation as cook or
houeekeeper; references. 235 Stevenson st
AVINCHESTER House, 44 Third St., near Mar-
ket— *00 rooms; 25c to $1 60 night $1 50 to M
¦week; convenient and respectable; free 'bus
and baggage to and from ferry.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office, 2200 Flllmore st.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
Fubscrlptlons has been established at 1096
Valencia Bt. '
EMPLOYMENT WAXTED MALE.
SITUATION wanted by a flret-clacs dairyman
on a private place as milker and to make
butter; can furnish references. Address box
S15. Call office.
FIRST-CLASS grocery salesman and book-
keeper, with long business experience, desires
situation; beet Eastern and city references.
Box 610, Call office.
WANTED— Position by reliable middle-aged
roan in country or city to take care of horses,
garden, etc. Address PATRICK PARKER-
YES. 749 Howard st.
COACHMAN — Sober. Industrious man wants
situation as man about place; care garden;
gocd milker; good references. J. K., box
494, Call office.
WAXTED— Position by good bedmaker to take
full charge of lodging house from 6 a. ra. to
6 p. m. Address box 492. Call office.
ACCOUNTANT, experienced, desires to write
up books two or three days each week;
charges moderate. Box 619. Call office.
CARPENTER and cabinet-maker; single man:
looks for steady position; Pullman P. Car Co.
ref. Adr. H. G., San Rafael. P. O. box 377.
DENTIST, young man. age 26, desires position
in dental office; two years' experience. Ad-
dress box C20. Call office.
BAKER, young man, wishes situation as third
or last hand: bread or cakes. 1218 Twenty-
elxth st.. Oakland.
HONEST, responsible boy wishes to drive a
light delivery wagon. Address A- P., 1811
Howard Bt.
ANYBODY who wants first-class family or ho-
tel cook, please call at CIIONG WING CO.,
802 Clay st.
ANYBODY who wants a first-class boardlng-
hou?e cook please call at CHONG WING CO.,
902 Clay st.
MAN wishes work of any kind: Is good teamster
or help around stable; is willing to work.
Address 1401 Utah St., cor. Twenty-fifth.
AN experienced mining man' desires a position
with mining company managing or exporting
mines; best city references. Box B06, Call.
A YOUNG man desires work In city; Is reliable
• and willing to work; references. Address B.,
box 114. Call.
WANTED — Young man understanding mercan-
tile reporting and soliciting wishes employ-
ment; has had 10 years' experience; can give
best of reference as to ability and characcer.
Box »i81. Call office.
2 MEN wish positions, one as cook and the
other as an assistant In boarding-house or
hotel in country or Institution; references.
Box 446. CaU office.
MILKERS, separators and flrst-class cheese
and butter makers want work; city or coun-
try. Milkers' Union of California, 521 Mont-
gomery Bt
JAPANESE young boy. honrpt. wishes posi-
tion as a school boy. Y. T., 35S Jesale st.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
receive.^ at Call branch office. 2200 Flllmore st.
EXPEIIT OPTICIANS.
EYES examined^ free; spectacles properly ad-
Ju.«ted. N. Manasse. oculist optician. 910 Mkt
FLATS TO LET. ~~
BUCH ANAN^Sl^-Very" sunny bay-window flat
of 6 rooms and bath; rent cheap.
ELEGANT modern 8 room new upper fiat;
marine view. 1430 Taylor st, near Jackson.
FLAT of 4 tunny rooms. 257 Dore st, bet.
Ninth and Tenth, off Harrison: rent $10.
IF you want to move getprlnted Hut flats to let
from BALDWIN & HOWELL. 10 Montgomery.
NATOMA. 714— Flat 4 rooms, yard and cellar;
rent $10; no children, y,
SIXTH, C36— An upper flat, 5 rooms and bath;
rear entrance: rent $12.
UPPER sunny flat, .7 rooms and bath; 926 Va-
lencia at. Inquire Morton Special Delivery,
408 Taylor Et ; key at store. 830 Valencia.
$11 CO— UPPER four sunny rooms; lower, $3 50.'
135 Ivy ave., near Van Ness. s>» •.
$7 — I-ROOM flats on Victor St.. off Bryant, bet.
7th und '8th. Inquire at grocery. 841 Bryant.
FURNITUIIE FOR SALE.
4 ROOMS furnished In oak $4S 60. with No. 7
range. King Furniture Co., 1127-1131 Market
FUHMTUKC WANTED. ~~
NI>W and second-hand furniture and. clothing
bought and sold. .1182 Mission St.; near 8th.
CHAS. LEVY buys your furniture, carpets,
pianos, etc. 1135 Market at. ; tel. Jessie 761. ;
A. WOLLPERT. 773 Mission St.. pays highest
price for second-hand furniture: tel. Red 1S54.
Auctioneer— L. Vincent. 1C05 Larkln; tel. Polk691.
. furniture & furn'd houses bpugbt; spot cash.
W. E. CODY (late with J. T. Terry & Co.), buys
furniture, carpets. 7S7 Mission: tel. Red 3353.
~~~.- HELP WAJtTED-FEMALE.
GOOD girl for Eeneral housework; no washing;
private family. $15. 822 Ellis st.
¦WANTED — Girl for housework and cooking.
2211 Sutter at. ' .'¦¦:¦¦
blRL for cooking and assist housework. Ap-
ply "Z(>1 Broadway, near Flllmore.
WANTED — Conservative. well- read woman
over 28. Box 607.' Call office. , ' .
WANTED— Good pants finishers; good pay;
steady work. 222§& Mission Bt.W.: .
HELP WANTED— FEMALE.
CR.~ HANSEN & CO.... .Phone Grant 185
"•••' HOTEL DEPARTMENT
Head waitress, Arizona, $30; 2 more wait-
resses, railroad eating house, Arizona, $20, all
free transportation; 2 waitresses, Fresno, $20;
2 waitresses, flrst-class city hotels. $20; cham-
bermaid to wait, city $20; woman cook. $30;
chambermaid. Woodland, $20, see party here..
;; FAMILY DEPARTMENT
Houseglrl, Visalla, $20, see party here, fare
paid; 2 houseglrls, San Rafael, $20 and $25:
housegtrl, Oakland, two in family. $20; 25
.girls for cooking and general housework, city,
$20 to $25; refined nursegirl with references,
$12 to $15; nurseglrl for two or three weeks'
extra work. C. R. HANSEN & CO.. 104
Geary B t. < /
WANTED— Saleslady at RAPHAEL'S.
GOOD buttonhole maker. BARON. Ladles'
Tailor. 22 and 24 Grant ave.
WANTED— Woman to do washing, Ironing and
housecleanlng 2 forenoons week. Box 613. Call.
WAITRESS wanted at 422 Sixth st
GIRL to learn to wait at table; restaurant.
62 Eighth st '
GIRL to do light housework; small family. Ap-
ply after 10 a. m. at 1761 Howard at.
GIRL wanted; general houeework; no cooking;
no dishwashing. 1562 Post st.
WANTED— Girl for light housework in a small
family; no washing. 84 Harriet st.
YOUN'O girl for labeling in wholesale house.
Address, stating experience, box m. Call.
WANTED— A flrst-claas finisher on ladies'
tailoring. 211 Post St., near Grant ave.
WANTED— Young girl for light housework;
Bmall family. Apply at 2S39 BU3h st.
GIRL wanted for general housework. (38
O'Farrell st. "
GIRL for general housework; wages $20 per
month. S6 Belvedere st. ' \
YOUNG girl to assist In light housework. 1413
Scott Bt ' ¦. ¦
GIRL with some experience In operating and
also apprentice girls "on coats. ¦ 126 Russ st.
TALENTED amateur performers wanted. Ap-
ply at Chutes at 6 p. m.
$15— GIRL for housework; Tiburon. Call at 402
Third et, grocery.
GIRL for general housework and care for baby.
1554 Fulton st
RELIABLE and respectable middle • aged!
woman wanted as working housekeeper for
small country hotel. For particulars address
JAS. O'BRIEN, Sea View. Sonoma Co., Cal.
EXPERIENCED operators on Infants' wear
and cotton waists. BAUER BROS. CO., 21
Eansome st.
GIRLS for housework; good pay. Pacific Era-
ploymeot Agency. 9 Geary; ph. Black 3719.
EXPERIENCED bookfolders and apprentices
wanted. Bookblndery. 536 Clay at.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Fillmore Bt.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096
Valencia st.
HELP WASTED-UALB.
A— TWO carpenters, country. $3 60 a day; 2
asphalt miners, $2 a day: cabinetmaker, $3 50
a day; ranch blacksmith, $1 BO a day and
board: man and wife for a ranch, $30; sash
and door man; showcase man; 20 orchard
hands, $20 and board
HOTEL DEPARTMENT
Walter, mine boarding house, $25; waiter,
country hotel, $22 50. fare advanced: laundry-
roan. $40; 6 dishwashers. $20 to $25. C. It
HAKSEX & CO.. 104 Geary Bt.
A— MURRAY & READY Phone Main 6S48
Leading Employment and Labor Agents,
WANT (7 A.M.) TO-DAY:
Carpenter for ranch; choremen and boys; 13
farm bands and teamsters; young man for
city factory: 4 milkers; wagon maker; labor-
ers and teamsters; tlemakers, lOo and 12c,
tools furnished; SO wooduhoppers, $1 to $3
HOTEL AND OTHER DEPARTMENTS.
Coooks Waiters Dishwashers
Bakers Laundrymen Butchers
Laundryman, plain country hotel; second
hand baker, country. $30 and found. MUR-
RAY & READY. 634-636 Pay Bt.
A— COOK and wife, small mine: baker, coun-
try shop $14 week. MURRAY & READXy
634-636 Clay at.
A— CARPENTERS. 8 cabinet makers.' 8 hard
wood bench hands, 2 sash and door machine
hands, 1 sticker band. Mechanics' Registra-
tion Bureau. 410 Kearny et, room 9; non-
union mechanics, please register; new Jobs
dally; no office tees. • _¦ •
BARBERS' Progressive Union— Free employ-
ment. H. Bernard. Sec, 104 7th; tel. Jessie 152.
WANTED— Willing boy between 16 and 18 years
for elevator. Apply 7:30 a. m. at S. N. WOOD
& CO.'S, 713 Market at
WANTED — Salesman, experienced in retail
grocery business; give references and wages
expected. Box 496. Call office. '
ARCHITECTURAL student wanted; good op-
portunity for a bright young man. Box CIS.
Call office.
MAN wanted with $75; permanent place that
will pay $15 to $18 a week; no experience re-
quired. Apply 1016 Market St., room 10.
WANTED — Barkeeper in wine house; one who
can speak German and has had some experi-
ence In grocery business. 15 City Hall fsquare.
WANTED — An experienced dishwasher; no
other need apply. Call early at 1507 Market
8t, near Eleventh.
WANTED-Errand boy. E. MESSAGER, 145
Post at _*
WANTED— Errand boy. ROBERTS', corner
Polk and Bush sts.
WANTED— Office boy; wages $3 per week; give
references. Box 495. Call office. :
WANTED — A good tailor for bushellng. 625
Commercial st.
UNION barber for Wednesday, Saturday and
Sunday. 1006 Mission Bt .
PLUMBER wanted. 642 Sacramento St.
BOY wanted between 15 and 17. Apply at 2512
Mlfslon st. '
EXPERIENCED watch and Jewelry salesman;
good salary to right man. Box 617, Call.
WANTED— Intelligent boy to do collecting few
hours every day after school. Box 514. Call. >
BOY wanted to drive butcher wagon. Apply
1604 Geary «t -
BOY 15 to 18 years old wanted to attend soda
water fountain. Inquire 810 Market Bt
LUNCH waiter wanted. 253 First st
WANTED— An errand boy at 73* Montgomery
St., room 1; good references.
WANTED— A strong boy with experience in
a furniture and carpet store. Box 622, Call.
BOY about 16 or 17 for grocery. Apply EIIL-
ERS & OHLSEN. Maaon and O'Farrell sts.
WANTED— A waiter at 221 Grant ave.
TALENTED amateur performers wanted. Ap-
ply at Chutes at 6 p. m. •
EXPERIENCED milk wagon driver wanted at
1408 Devlaadero at., near Geary.
WANTED— Young man; all-around work; small
wages; for coffee house. 212 Third et
WANTED— Firat-class shoemaker to call at
939',4 Mission St. ¦
DISHWASHER wanted; must carry trays. 37
Eddy Bt. ,
A STEADY waiter. 617 Montgomery st
BARBER chairs; 3 hydraulic Kokens, almost
new; will sell separate; cheap. STOLTZ, 636
Market Bt.
2-CHAIR barber shop for sale. Corner Golden
Gate ave. and Hyde St.; good location.
MEN wanted to learn barber trade only eight
weeks required; position guaranteed; special
inducements: catalogue and map of city free.
MOLER'S BARBER COLLEGE. 635 Clay st.
PENSIONS— J. H. Shepard & Co., old, reliable
firm, 406 Market, room 40, ' Phelan building;
pension- vouchers executed, 25c; , advice free.
GOOD barber; steady Job. 725 Fourth st, San
Rafael; telephone Red 15. , w
PAINTER,', paperhanger, carpenter wanted to
exchange rent, house 5 rooms, $8. 1S76 Kearny.
BOY. wanted to deliver orders and help In
bakery./ 1410 Polk at. - ;
BARBER shop, 2 chairs. In Western Addition;
bargain. DECKELMAN BROS., 106 Ellis st.
WANTED— A grocery clerk to deliver orders.
2805' Mission st. ' ¦ "
YOUNG butcher, good cutter: German prefd.
People's Market, 2M9 Market St.. cor. 16th.
ALL sizes men's shoes, slightly damaged, half
price. 662 Mission Bt. bet. 1st and M sts. ,
$75— 2-CHAIR shop: rent $5: receipts $25. • Ap-
ply H. BERNARD, . 104 Seventh St. "! :¦-- '-
BAKBERS- 3-chair shop for sale cheap. 14
Turk st. ". ¦ :¦.-,•':
COATMAKERS and pantsmakers for country.
Apply REISS BROS.. 24 Sutter St.
YOUNQ man to do Janitor work 'for. his tul-
tlon at S. F. Barber School, 741A Howard st
WANTED— 100 men to take rooms, :10c, : 15c and
20c. Boston House. 930 Howard st.
GENTLEMEN'S suits to order. $1 per week, at
cash prices. N. Y. Tailoring Co.. 115 Kearny.
SAILORS, , ordinary seamen 1 , and green • hands;
I all partsoX world. "HERMAN'S,- M Steuart.
\ ¦ ¦ '. -.•¦.:¦¦':¦. : . •.: = ,.,¦¦ ¦¦-... ¦• ¦¦
HELP WAHTED-MALG.
i WANTED— A place to stop for the winter— This
can be found at the Adams House. 519 Sacra-
mento st., near Montgomery; one of the few
respectable houses where countrymen coming
to the city can find nice, clean, cheap, well-
vcntllated rooms. A. McCREERY. Prop.
WANTED at once, an Al all-round bread bak-
er; must be sober und reliable; good salary,
board and lodgings. New England Bakery,
Honolulu, H. T.
WANTED— Laborers and mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkln. Reno House proprietor, still
runs Denver House. 217 Third st. ; 150 large
. rooms; 25c per night; $1 to $2 per week.
GET your shoes half-soled while waiting, 25c
to 50c. 562 Mission St.. bet. 1st and 2d sts.
WINCHESTER House. 44 Third St.. near Mar-
ket; 700 rooms. 25o night: reading-rooms; free
bus and baggage to and from ferry.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office, 2200 Flllmore st.
A BRANCH office for CaU advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 10M
Valencia Bt. '
HORSES, LIVE STOCK. Etc— For Sale
40 HORSES for sale; also I wagons, buggies,
carts, harness. Grand Arcade Horse Market.
327 sixth St.; auction sales every Wednesday.
SULLIVAN & DOYLB. Auctioneer!.
HORSE and mare* for sale cheap; /vo& for
farm work, mare good for breeding, at SE.
corner Taylor and Bay sts.; price $75.
HORSE clipping by experienced men; best work;
oheap prices. DALZIEL. 605 Golden Gate ave.
HORSE and wagon, together or separate: sult-
able for srrocery. See owner. 156 Ninth st.
' HOUSES TO LET.
A— PRINTED LIST Houses to let; send for olr-
cular. Q. H. UMBSEN &,CO.. 14 Montgomery.
*1&-1E15 . LEAVBNWORTH— 6 rooms; large
_ yard.
HOUSES WANTED.
WANTED— To rent, small house or cottage,
new, 6 or 7 rooms and bath; North Beach or
Mission; rent not to exceed $25 Inclusive. Box
619, Call office. \
WANTED— Lodging-house. Address E. HART-
MANN, 127 Turk St. -
HYPNOTISM.
PROP. RAYMOND— Strictly reliable; teaches
hypnotism In five lessons for $5. 997 Market st.
INVALID CHAIltS AND TKIOVCLKS.
SOLD and rented; manfr. of the Eames tricycle
chair. EAMES Tricycle Co.. 2100 Market at.
LOST AND FOUND.
LOST— On Leavenworth st, mink boa with gold
dragon stickpin; reward. H54 Leavenworth.
LOST— At Fourteenth and Harrison, bay cow
*Vwlth lariat. Telephone Capp 811; reward.
LOST— Bunch of keys, McAllister and Orove,
Stelner and Flllmore. Return 1257 McAllister.
LOST— Gold buckle with Masonic emblem at-
tached; reward. S17H Golden Gate ave.
LOST— A passbook with the Hibernla Savings
and Loan Society of San Francisco, In the
name of MARY FREEMAN; No. 204-1528. The
finder will please return to bank.
LOST — Friday, November 21 at Grand Opera-
house or going to or from there, a medallion
§ln surrounded by pearls. Suitable reward,
y returning to 310 Sansome st.
FOUND — A cow; owner can have same by
proving property and paying expenses. 2910
Twenty-fourth at. ¦ '
MEDICAL.
DR^AND MRS. DA VIES, 122S [Market— Ladles*
specialists; 82 years' practice; have treated
thousands of cases successfully; positive cure
guaranteed at office; ladles treated can return
home same day; HINDOO HERB home cure,
any one can use it with satisfaction; perfect-
ly, harmless. Send stamps for circular.
DR. G. W. O'DONNELL, moved to 1018 Mar-
ket, opp. 5th; world-renowned ladles' special-
ist; safe, reliable; practiced In San Francisco
for years; treated thousands of cases success-
fully; treatment can be used at home; consul-
tation free. After all others fall call on him.
MRS. DR. WYETH. reliable specialist; 25 yro.'
successful practice: guaranteed treatment at
office. $5; any aliment: home for patients; con-
sult free. 942 Post st., bet. Hyde and Larkln.
MRS. DR. KOHL. 997 MARKET ST.. 'corner
Sixth— Safe- and reliable ladles' physician;
treatment, $5; positive cure guaranteed: when
others fall consult, free. MRS. DR. KOHL.
DRS. GOODWIN. 1007H Market, expert on dls-
eases of women: 15 years' practice in S. F., a
cure guaranteed; $5 at office; have cured thou-
sands of cases; unexcelled success; Bee free.
MRS. DR. ALLEN. 1035 Market— Ladles' spe-
clallst; cafe and sure cure, $5; best care; low
fees; when all others fall consult free.
MRS. DR. GWYER. ladles' specialist; homa
for patients. 604 Eddy et.
DR. POPPER'S treatment can be had for the
cure In his office at $5. 323 Kearny st.
DR. KG TOY KEE cures disease by herbs;
advice free. 704 Sacramento St., near. Kearny.
MISCELLANEOUS FOR SALE.
BOILERS, Engines, 2d-hand machinery. Mc-
IXTOSH & WOLPMAN, 195-197 Fremont st.
BARS, back bars, mirrors, showcases, counters, i
I' linoleum, new and second-hand; wo always
have a large stock of saloon outfits on hand;
32 complete outfits on one floor, ready made;
we can ship everything In 24 hours. J.
NOONAN, 1017, 1019, 1021, 1023 Mission St.,
above Sixth; write for catalogue.
BUY a brand new typewriter for $5 down and
$5 cer month: write for catalogue and price.
TYPEWRITER EXCHANGE. 409 California
St.; rentals, new machines, $3 per month.
A— BUYS, sells or rents gear machinery,' en-
gines, boilers, water pipes, shafting, pulleys,
etc. WHITELAW, 218 Spear st. -
5-HORSE Golden Gate gas or gasoline engine,
$150; can be seen' running at. 623 Golden
Gate ave.
BILLIARD tables, balls, cues and racks, com-
plete: dirt cheap. BENJ. CURTAZ ft SON,
16 O'Farrell st.
A— 100-HORSEPOWER engine, boiler, two-drill
1 air compressors. JARDINE'S, 220 Fremont st.
' FINE L. C. Smith hammer-less gun. 10 gauge,
cheap. H. J. CAMPBELL, Sausallto. Cal.
SEALSKIN Jacket, size 36. $85. 35 Eddy st.
upstairs; 1 to 3. ' <
X"OR sale — Tank, windmill and pump; cheap.
903 Point Lobos ave.
FIRST-CLASS second-hand modern engines and
boilers bought and sold. KROGH Mfg. Co.
PHOTOGRAPHIC and magic lantern goods
bought, sold, exchanged. 109 Montgomery st.
10-TON Fairbanks scale and fire and burglar
proof safe. 216 California st.
200-LIGHT dynamo, engine and boiler, com-
plete; cheap. H. S. WHITE, 516 Mission st.
WILL rent full-dress Tuxedo or Prince Albert
suits for $2 50. Portland Loan Office, 23 Stktn.
SAFES— New and second-hand. THE HER-
MANN SAFE CO.? 417-423 Sacramento St.
PORTABLE engines, boilers; Iron and wood
planers, lathes; 2d-hand. . J. Burke, 139 Beale.
MAGIC lanterns, new and 2d-hand: moving
pictures. BULLARD & BRECK, 131 Post St.
SAFES— New and second-hand; all sizes. THE
WALTZ SAFE, 109-111 Market st.. San Fran.
MISCELLANEOUS WANTS.
LADIES' and gents' cast-off clothing bought &
sold. Sllvennan, 984 Foleom; tel. Folsom 1191.
KLEIN still pays best price for clothing, brio-
a-brac and books. 109 Sixth St.; tel. Jessie 141.
WANTED — Upright piano for cash. H. L.
WHITEHEAD. 1710 Market st.
MONEY -TO LOAN.
ANY amount on furniture,', pianos, without re-
moval, or any other ; good security ; payable
back in Installments or as a whole; If you
owe a balance on the purchase price we will
pay it and carry the loan as long as you de-
eire; avoid red tape and publicity; see us
first; you will be waited upon quietly and
quickly. Call 68-6i> Donohoa bldg., 1170 Market.
AA— BEST rates and easiest terms. - -
................ Second Mortages ...;........'...*.•
.; Interest In Estates
....'..Undivided Interest In Real Estate
Financial problems of all sorts and sizes-
solved by HERMAN MURPHY, 630 Market.
A— MONEY to loan at rates which | people can
. afford to pay on furniture, pianos, etc. ; do
• not borrow of your ¦ friends or you will lose
their friendship; do business - with strangers
v and .you will be better satisfied; no delay; no
publicity. Rooms 9 and 10, 906 Market st.
ANY amount at 6 per cent: 1st. 2d and 3d mort-
gages, undivided Interest.' real estate In pro-
bate; mortgages and legacies bought; no de-
lay; get my terms before doing business else-
where. R. McCOLGAN, 24 Montgomery.- r. 3.
ANY proposition, any amount; 6 per cent; first,
second mortgages.' estates in probate. Interest
in estates, legacies, corporation loans, chattel
mortgages, life Insurance. Room 16, first floor.
Chronicle building. HALLORAN & OLSEN.
HIGHLY respectable, private place to obtain
: liberal advances on diamonds. Jewelry at low-
est rates. Baldwin Jewelry Store, 846 Market
. St.; tel. Main 1644. Branch 19 Third St.
A— $500,000 on city and country real estate and
. ¦¦ estates ; chattel • mortgages ; notes and collat-
erals. J. BROWNSTONE, 11 Montgomery st.
MONEY TO LOAJg.
MOST reliable place to borrowoo diamonds,
watches, jewelry. W. J. HESTHAL. 10 Sixth;
highest price for old gold, ¦llvar. diamonds.
ANT amount, lowest rates, on furniture, etc.;
no removal, no commission: strictly eo»n-
dentlal. Rm. 3. Conservatory bldg.. 301 Jones.
MONEY loaned salaried people without security.
HILL, rm. 44. Merchants' Ex.. 431 California.
LOANS. 1st or 2d mtgs: city, country. «% undl-
vlded lnts; estates. HARPER. 397 Parrott bid.
AUSTIN'S Salary Loan Co.. 389 Paxrott build-
ing; men can secure loans on personal note.
TO salaried people without security; all busl-
ness confidential. Tousley Co.. 321 Parrott bid.
$100,000 TO loan on real estate or for building:
low rate. Homa Bldg Co.. 222 Sansome. rm. 2.
MONEY to loan on furniture by private party;
low rate. 917 Market St.. room L ¦
ON furniture and pianos; no removal; confl-
dentlal; on diamonds, etc 33 Taylor st.
CASH loaned to salaried people on note without
lndomer. MORRELL. 609 Examiner building.
TO salaried people .without collateral or ln-
dorger. S F. Dlscojint Agency. 143 Phelan bid.
~~ MUSICAL INSTRUMENTS^
WE are offering the finest lines of good and de-
sirable guitars, mandolins and banjos ever
shown on the coast; they are of the cele-
brated "Resral" and "Ideal" brand and are
beauties: the prices are very reasonable and
you can buy on payments If you wish; noth-
ing finer for a holiday present. MAUVAIS
MUSIC CO.. 769 Market at.
A GOOD article Is the best "bargain" for any
one to buy; when you buy a Decker Sc Son.
or a Packard piano, you always get a "bar-
gain." as it will last a lifetime- and please
everybody; we try to arrange payments to
suit your convenience, if possible, and take
pleasure In showing you the goods, even If
you do not want to buy Just now. MAU-
VAIS MUSIC CO.. 769 Market St.
ANY person having use for a piano can be ac-
commodated at Sherman. Clay & Co.'s with
easiest payments, lowest prices and most re-
liable makers to choose from. - Each the best
of their grade, from Stelnway down. Priv-
ilege given ' to exchange medium and low-
priced pianos for a new. Stelnway any time
within three years from date of purchase.
Beautiful new uprights sold for $S cash and
$6 per month. Wa offer to sell some rood
pianos for $3. $4 and IS per month. SHER-
MAN, CLAY & CO., Stelnway dealers, cor-
ner Keerny and Sutter sts., San Francisco,
corner Broadway and Thirteenth st.. Oak-
land.
ABSOLUTELY the largest exclusive wholesale
and retail piano house west of Chicago;
agent peerless Heine and Hallet & Davis,
Boston's oldest and most famous piano, and
ten other makes; pianos rented; rent allowed
on purchase.
3 Heine uprights ............................$327
1 Mason & Hamlln .„ 300
3 Stelnways - US
1 Chlckering 1(3
1 Marshall St Wendell 65
1 Emerson 35
HEINE PIANO CO.. S7 Geary st.; open
evenings.
ABSOLUTELY the oldest and largest house
west of Chicago is KOHLER & CHASE'S, M.
23 and 30 O'Farrell St.; pianos, organs and
all other musical Instruments of all grades
and prices: terms easy; prices lowest; every-
thing poralble done to please and satisfy the
customer.
FIXE list of slightly used pianos $135 up; easy
• payments. BENJ. CURTAZ & SON. 16 O'Far-
rell St.: Chlckering agency: Symphonion mu-
slo boxes; sheet music, etc;- open Saturday
i evenings.
ELEGANT new upright piano; used I months;
must be sold this week; leaving city. $32 Turk.
HIGH-GRADE pianos; Steck. Hardman. Con-
over & others. W. B. ALLEN & CO.. 314 Post.
NEUMAN upright. $75; Sherwood, $85: Peek.
$100; other bargains. BRUENN. 208 Post st.
AT KEEFFE'B, 933 Market St., 4 elegant up-
rights at your own price. Shonlnger agency.
GREAT many bargains In 2nd -hand uprights;
small Installments. Hornung, 218 McAllister.
SOHMER & CO.. Byron Mauzy, Gabler. Splel-
mann and Hamilton pianos. SOS Post st.
BEST rent stock in city; new pianos; $3 per
month. SCOTT-CURTAZ. W0 Hayes tU
SUPERIOR violins, zithers, old and new. H.
MULLER. maker, repairer, 2 Latham place.
A cleaning out of pianos for storage; dirt cheap;
Installment*. Wilson's Storage, 710 Market.
A BARGAIN: must be sold: nice upright piano,
i SCHMITZ, 16 McAllister st.. next Hlb. Bank.
CHEAPEST and best In America— The Weekly
Call, 16 pages, sent to any address In the
United States or Canada one-year for $1,
postage paid.
OFFICES AND STORES TO LETT.
A LARGE store and dry concrete basement:
elevator: Al for wholesale business. 309-11
Sacramento st. ~n
A— 410 KEARNY, modern sunny offices, $7 up-
ward: light, water, Janitor services included.
SANSOME. 804— Handsome large store, reduced
to $10 per month.
OIL LANDS FOR SALE.
KERN River Oil Lands— Proven territory In
the well-known tract of "Grace Oil Co." for
sale; also other oil land for sale or lease; most
wonderful oil field known: over 530 feet of oil
sand; buy from owners and save commissions;
have been in field from start; will give you
facts concerning any locality. NEWTON.
CARMAN & SOMES, 101 Chronicle bldg.. San
Francisco: 416 Douglas Block, Los Angeles;
Southern Hotel. Bakersfield.
A FORTUNE for $500— The first U. S. patent
oil land on the market in 20-acre tracts; send
for map and experts' 'reports and particulars.
A. L. WILLEY. 918 Market it.. S. F.
OIL.
JOSEPH B. TOPLITZ. 330 Pine street.
MEMBER PRODUCERS' OIL EXCHANGE.
Country correspondence solicited.
PERSONALS.
A GENTLEMAN desires the acquaintance of a
lady; object matrimony. Box 611. Call office.
I WILL not be responsible for any debts con-
tracted by my wife after this date, Novexn-
ber 27. J. J. TRAVER.
STRICTLY private and secluded residence away
from the public gaze, for the treatment of
women; confinement cases taken. MRS. DR.
I'UNKE. 1416 Eighth st.. Alameda.
HARRY, come home or write at once: every-
thing all right. * L. M. N.
LEDERER makes a specialty of men's and
women's wigs; opera halrdresslng up-to-date, 1
25a only; the very latest. 123 Stockton st.
MATTRESSES AND PILLOWS— Tel. South 792:
made to order; renovated: honest work guar-
anteed; feathers and hair cleansed; uphol-
stered furniture cleaning a specialty; fine up-
holstery. HOPKE BROS.. 318 and 320 11th at.
ELECTRIC light in every room— Winchester
Hotel, 44 Third St., near Market: TOO rooms:
25c to $1 CO per night; $1 50 to $3 per week;
free 'bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
8UIT3 to order on Installments: $15 upward: $1
a week. LEON LEMOS, 1117 Market St.. be-
tween Seventh and Eighth.
WHITE enamel Iron beds, single, three-quarter
or double. $2 25. EASTERN OUTFITTING
CO.. 1310-1312 Stockton st.. near Broadway.
LEDERER'S Qulntonlca, .used as a hair tonlo
by the best people; 35c a bottle.
FINE suits, $10: dress pants. $2 75. MISFIT
CLOTHING PARLORS. 437 Montgomery St.
A— $3 BO DERBY and Fedora hats. $1 75. Popu-
lar Price Hatters, 330 Kearny St., near Pine.
Lederer's Foamo Shampoo should be on every
dressing case; cleanses thoroughly; 5c pkg.
FIRST-CLASS upholstering done at your house
by day or job. S. JENSEN, 911 Bush st.
PRIVATE detective work; reasonable rates; 10
years' . experience. J. B. RAY. 357 Jessie st.
AN experienced detective wishes work; mining
cases specialty; refs. Detective, S. F. P. O.
MASQUERADE costumes, play books, wigs;
country orders. GOLDSTEIN & CO., 733 Mkt.
ELECTROLYSIS destroys superfluous hair and)
moles; trial free. MISS EATON, 1119 Sutter.
ASK for unequaled £?. F. Black Suede Gloves:
$1 25 a pair; guaranteed. 121 Grant ave.
SCIENTIFIC massage treatment by trained
male nurse from the East. 334 O'Farrell st.
DR. LAMOTTE"8 French Corn Paint, the best
corn cure; 25c; ,all druggists.
SUITS to order on easy payments. Art Tailor-
ing Co., 1644 Mkt., under St. Nicholas Hotel.
OLD gold, silver, diamonds and preoious stores
bought. J, R. JENKEL. 817 Market st.
ALFREDUMS Egyptian Henna; restores gray
hair to Its natural color; $1; at all druggists.
CHEAPEST and best In America— The Weekly
Mn A t0 any a <Jdress in the
United States or Canada one year for $1
postage paid.. - . T *
irTjEROMEiroSSELLI. 8c"lentiflc~palml8t 515
Taylor Bt.. bet. Geary and Poat; tri. Black SSi.
MME. NEERGAARD. 700 Post: tel. Hyde 2332-
hours 1 to o eve., and Sunday by appointment!
, PATEN1S AND PKNSIONS. . 1
ADV o CI r\ f X^ T)^/J ar /*~aal^"7l^ccessfuU
GEO. P. CAMPBELL. Lawyer. Examiner big.
PHYSICIANS AXD SURGEONS.
*>*£• C. O-pONNELL-Offlce and'restdenco.
1021% Market st. between Sixth and Seventh..
... ... _
PROPERTY WAXTED. [ ':
"WANTED— 8 or 10 acres partly Improved good
land In a place where I can get work In
timbers, cutting logs, wood chopping or any
other work In Umbers. Address P. R. WIL-
LIAM3. 831 Greenwich st.. S. F.
HEAL ESTATE CITY FOB SALS.
BALDWIN & HOWELL.
10 MONTGOMERY ST.
WESTERN ADDITION RESIDENCE.
tU. 000— Post St.: close In; large, modern up-to-
date residence; u rooms and 2 baths;
furnace, etc.; sunny side: lot 30xl37:«.
VERY CHEAP COTTAGE.
12.710— Modern cottage. 8 rooms and bath: Tre-
mont ave.; one-hair block from Halght-
st. can.
HAIOHT-STREEfT COTTAGE.
$0.220 — Splendid home; 7 rooms and bath; stinny
side; lot 27:6x137:6.
BUSH-STREET HOME.
M. 500— Two-story house: t rooms and bath: lot
22x137:8.
McALLISTER-STREET FLATS.
J6.5CO— Two flaU; I and 7 rooms and bath etch:
rent J5C0 per year; lot 25x100.
GEARY-STREET INVESTMENT.
t2.5C0— Rent* SMO per year; store and flat; lot
3O:tx78.
KEARNT-STREBT CORNER.
C.0CO— Large corner lot; Kearny mt-. In north-
erly p*rt of city; 137:6x75; Improve-
ments; rent J1J.
CHEAP HOME.
JI.CCQ— Francisco st., near Duponts nous* •
rooms and bath.
BRANNAN-STRKBT INVESTMENT.
13,000— Brannan. near 4th; large frame build-
ing; lot 30:6x75; lot alone worth th«
money.
MANUFACTURING SITE.
Mission st.. Bear 1st— t frontages: lot Mx39:Si
no piling needed for foundation.
RUSS-STREETT INVESTMENT.
to.JOO— Ruas St.. near Howard; lares house, 17
rooms and 2 baths; rents ISO; lot 30x100.
GUKRRERO-STREET EN VESTMENT.
33,500— Rents SM per month; lot 37X90; 1 stores
and 1 fiats; rear cottage.; well wortit
the money.
MoALLISTER-ST. BUSINESS PROPERTY.
13.1C0— McAllister St.. near Brod«riox: lot ZSx
100; 1-story building; store.
BALDWIN A HOWELL.
10 Montgomery st.
CREAM OF PARK LOTS.
Opposite new Park entrance
....Rare chance for homa builders and In-....
..vestment seekers M
...Choicest building lots on very easy pair-...
..ments; on the H-at. electric cars and front-..
..lnsr Golden Gate Park and the new 13th-..
..ave. boulevard; lots and streets on offi-..
..clal grade; macadamized
...Plank sidewalks, gas and water service...
....Low prices; bound to Increase In value....
..Your own terms; Interest only • per cent..
..Money advanced for building purposes; the..
..costliest and handsomest modern houses In..
..Sunset District are now being occupied and..
..constructed on the new 13th-avo. boulevard..
..Call at once at our branch offlc* (open..
..week days. Sundays and holidays), corner..
..of H at. and 9th ave.. south of Golden Gate-.
...Park and ask to be shown these beautl-...
..ful lots. Pull particulars and price lists..
..also at our ofSce.
A HOMB LOT
• FOR YOU.
TWENTY-FIVE DOLLARS CASH.
Price S350; only $25 cash; balance small monthly
payments: a splendid opportunity to commenca
and secure a tuture home.
OLEN PARK TERRACE,
One- half block from electric cars; only SB min-
utes from City Hall; maps and full partlcu- j
lars at office. f
BALDWIN A HOWELL.
10 Montgomery st.
EASTON, EXiDRIDGE A CO.
638 MARKET STREET.
ELEGANT DOWNTOWN CORNER.
$15,000— Pays over 9 per cent net; % beautiful
modern flats of 8, 9. 9 rooms and bath:
northeast corner; 30 ft. front. *
BEAUTIFUL WESTERN ADDITION FLATS.
J.500— Two .elegant modern flats of S rooms and
bath: rents $73 per month; sonny side:
lot 27:6x130 ft.; Sutter st.
SCOTT-STREET FLATS.
$3,600— Three modern Cats of S and 6 rooms and
bath; porcelain tuba; tile mantels; ash
chutes, etc: rents JJ37 per annum; lot
25xlO«:3 ft.
NEW PARK PANHANDLE TLATS.
• $7,500 — Rents $S05 per annum; 3 new modern
flats; porcelain tubs; frescoed dome
ceilings; on Ashbury st.
BUSH-STREET RESIDENCE.
$3.500— Must be sold; make oCer: elegant mod-
ern bouse of 8 rooms ano bath and fln- «
Ished basement; sunny side street; all
modern improvements.
BEAUTIFUL MISSION FLATS.
$5.000— 2 fine well-built modern flats of 5 and S
rooms and bath; rents $43 60 per month;
Bartlett. near Twenty-first; $2500 banic
mortgage can remain.
FULTON-STREET BARGAIN. *
Probate sale.
$4.500— Reduced from $6000; lot 27:«xlJ7:l ft.; X
flats and cottaga; make offer.
AT A SACRIFICE— FORCED SALS.
Mission Warm Belt Flats.
$3,750— Make offer; reduced from $4500; 1 flat*
of 4 and 5 rooms and bath; rents $33 59
per month; bitumen st.; cement walk.
SNAP IN WESTERN ADDITION FLATS.
$3.000— Two substantial well-built modern flats
of 6 'rooms and bath; lot 25x137:8 ft.;
modern and attractive; sunny ttds>
street; make, offer.
ATTRACTIVE SOUTH OF MARKET HOMB.
$2.750— Fine well-built house of 7 rooms; flrst-
class condition; near Sixth and How-
ard sts.
EASTON. ELD*RIDGE it CO..
633 Market street.
1 — s
RED HOT BARGAINS
AT— A. M. SPECK & CO.— AT
HARD TO BEAT? HARD TO BEAT!
PRICES WILL SURELY ADVANCE.
$7500.
Flats: brand new; east ot Vaa Nesa ava.;
rents $72.
$7250 INVESTED
On Van Ness ave. produces 3100 a montn ever
taxes; must sell; elegant new Improvements:
this Is five times what you get In savings
banks.
tSSCOL
Rents $100; ICO- ft- front; near Taylor St.; no
chance like It.
40- ft. corner on Second st.
Business property; rents $100; near new CMS
Corner; 60-ft. front; vicinity Sutter. ea.it cf
Hyde; grand hotel, office or roomlng-housa site;
rents $107.
--• $30,000.
Rents JSS3; elegant new improvements: ES-ft.
front; honest value.
$30,000.
M-ft. front; vicinity of TtvoU: old Improve-
ments; rents $200; block from Market; will
double surely In 10 years.
$75,000.
Grand corner: 75-ft. front: within block of
Market St.; old Improvements: rents WX>; with-
in block of Kale's; worth J1CO.00O.
$100,C00.
Here is 10 per cent net: on a corner 70-ft.
front: guaranteed lease S years: buildln* better
than th« Palace Hotel or no sale.
NOTICE— No time for trlflera. Cash taQcs In
our office. Try us.
Money to loan. 6 per cent. Including taxes.
A. M. SPECK A CO.. 667 Market st.
A GOOD HOTEL. *' ¦_";-
Jlust be sold or exchanged; hotel (almost
modern). 30 rooms. 2 stores: lot SSxl2> feet;
main street: near city; sure to clear $130 a
month" $7M0. A. M. SPECK A CO.. CC7 Mar-
ket st. ¦
$16 COO— 12-ROOM corner residence: tremendous
bargain: fine commanding view; best loca-
tion in Western Addition; 50- ft. frontage. A.
M. SPECK tc CO.. 667 Market st.
IF you have property north of the Park" an<1
you wish to sell quickly, then call oa W. J.
GUNN, S30 California st.\
OWNERS of property In the Potrero that wish
to sell. All on W. J. GUNN. 530 California
street. 8. F. Savlngjs Union bulldlnar.
FOR sale or rent — House of S rooms; also two
lots In Mission; bargain If sold immediately
Particulars 1324 Stockton st
MODERN houses built: lowest prices; plans and
estimates furniaheU. Campbell. 1147 Mission.
REAL ESTATE TO EICHAXOB."
NEW -ottage. ( rms.. bath; lot 50x100; Mission-
rectal terms; and vacant lots. 413 Kearay stl\\TKDNXSDAT, NOVEMBER 28.
Sun rUes 7:03
Sun sets 4:51
Moon sets 11:17 p. m.
Branch Hydrographie Of flee, N. 8. ?T.. Mer
chants' Exchange. San Francisco, Cal.,
November 27, 19C0.
The time ball on the tower of tha new Ferry
building was dropped at exactly noon to-day—
i. «., at noon of the 120th meridian, or at I
o'clock p. m.. Greenwich time.
C. O. CALKINS.
Lieutenant Commander, U. S. N., in charge.
Time Ball.
Son, Moon asd Tide.
United States Coast and Geodetic Survey—
Times and Heights of High and Low
Waters at Fort Point, entrance to San
Francisco Bay. Published by official au
thority of the Superintendent.
NOTE — The highland low waters occur at the
city front (Mission-street wharf) about twenty
five minutes later than at Fort Point; the
height of tide Is the came at both places.
NOTE— In the above exposition of the tides
the early morning- tides are riven In the left
hand column and the successive tides of th«
day In the order of occurrence as to time of
day, the third time column the third tide and
the last or right hand column gives th» last
tldo of tha day. except when thero ar» but
three tides, as eorn^tlmes occurs. The heights
given are In addition to the soundings on tie
United States Coast Survey chart*, except
when a minus sign (— ) precede* the height, and
then the number given Is subtracted from the
depth given by the charts. The plane of refer
ence is the mean of the lower low waters.
TO SAIL.
GRAND HOTEL.
G Taylor, Cal
E Mi;>-ij.i. Minnplis j
L D Bendlxon, Eureka
F H S*!vage, Eureka
T H Mine*. Arcata
E J Kay, Sacto
T J Finn. Sacto
A W Guild. Texas
Mre D Koppitz, Cal
H E Coleman, Toledo
E A Smith, Fresno
W Dleterie, Lou Ans
S Meyers. N Y
L B Porter. Salinas
J J Morey, Watsnvilie
N A Smith & w. Oil !
G H Masten & w, Cal
J McCudden, Vallejo I
Miss McCudden^ ValleJ
A L Srnalley, Wash
J M Merritt, Lo« Ang 1
Mies Connor, Cal
W A Collina, Seattle
Mrs J M Grey, Seattle
Mrs B E Stone. Cal
R N Campbell, Cal
N S French, Waea
C NIelson, Russia
Velitechis, Russia
E Schoettlg, Kobe
Mrs B M Fay. N Y
O H P No>-es. Cal
Dr C R Nelson. Cal j
Mrs F H Barnwd. Cal
D Knock, Susanvtlle
D J Long, Seattle _
J H Garber, Salinas K
W H Stacy, San Jose (
A F Zinp. Cal
M P Jlorrans. Cal
J T Martin. Cal
C Van Norden, Sacto
F H Brown. Los Ang
C Scheldler. Los Ang
C A Stevens, Los Ang
A Herrig, w & dau,
Iowa
Ulse D Dahnke. N Y
Mrs T A Walos. Elmir
M W Wand*aford, CaI
H D Annable & w, N" Y
G tv Crystal. Vacavin
R TV Skinner. Marysvl
C Day. w t dau. Cal
Mrs Casr»er & dau. Cal
L U Davis. Oakland
O H Pchlrldl & w. Cal
J McBain <fe w, ilenlo
a H Williams & w, S
Ra/ael
F C Stainford. Cal
Mrs TV J Gavigan, Sac
E E Stone, Marysnille
C Moltzer, Pt Reyes
E B Galsey, Clecne
A Jefferson & w, Cal
J H Spargo, Ogden
O A Buell & w. Stkton
E'P Werner & w. Cal
E A Grau. Irvington
ir J Maxwell, Cal
C Kaufman & w. Sac
G A Cook. S Rafael
W McMillan. Nevada
J C Leopold. Sac to
C Glilts, Belmont
PALACE HOTEL
C G McBrMe. San Jose
TV H Raymond. Mont
J TV Hisrg-in*. N Y
A TV Kelly. Berkeley
E R Abodle, Berkeley
J S-Sharpe, Chicago
W G McPherson. Or
Mrs McPherson. Or
D M Morris. Chicago
E A Beirs. New York
J L Jepson. New Yorki
C A Canfleld. Bakersfld i
A W Bailard. N Y j
TV G Coleman & w.B C
T J Field. Monterey
T Flint Jr & w. S Juan!
Mrs E H Cook. Madera
F X Blanchett. Or
H Levy, New York
A Langdon, N Y
TV C Langdon. N Y
P Buner & w, Nome
T Rickark & w, Berkly
T Wataso. Toklo
H Klozumi. Yokohama
F A May. Milwaukee
C A Harrison. S Jose
T Matguo. Japan
K Yamada. Jaran
K H u Jama. Japan
S P.'.nnai, Janan
H Takimuchl, Ja^an
T Haradas, Jaj<an
K, YRmanioto, Japan
I X» Requa & w. Pdmnt
H R Baker, Rosa Val
MS-s L L Baker, RosaV
B J Powell & w. Ktktn
E L Corbln. San Jose
S Frankfnh»lmfr & w,
Stockton
"W E Mitchell. Stanford
E S Vance. Oakland
W E Eldridge. N T
M Uorer, New York
W H Kedstan. Chro
J W W Ames & w,
Oranje
TV H HOdge, New York
R Bauer. New Vortc
W S O'Connor. NY
T F Guin & w. Ky
G S Holmes. Salt lAke
M. H Bronner. >T Y
L C Noble. Chicago
C Kaufman. Sacto
A W Brumiller. L Ang
A S Ives & w. Ariz
F H Yost. Stanford
SEW WESTERN HOTEL
Tv G Barlow, Alameda
L Helbergr. Taeoma
F Wldmayer, Tesla
J Dennis. Mill Valley
P J Conaty. New York
S Clerenger, Arroyo Gr
G W Warren. Portland
J Cordarn, Portland
J S Scott, Marj'3ville
M Ipsen. Oakland
J Brown & w. Mont
J Wilson, Spokane
A Anderson. Wash
O Anderson, Waah
AV H Coulter. Peking
G McQuire, Seattle
J TV* Bweetman; Seattle
J L Dyer, Seattle
Mrs Walkmeister. Cal
HOTEL ARRIVALS.
Steamer Movements.
TO ARRIVE.
BROWHEAD— Passed Nov 2S, 1:15 a m— Stmr
MaJ«""tlc from New York, for Queenstown and
Liverpool.
NEW YORK— Sailed Nov 27— Stmr Kaieer
'Wllhelm der Grosse. for Bremen, via Ckei
bourg and Southampton; stmr Anchoria, tor
Glasgow; stmr Tauric, for Liverpool.
CHERBOURG— Arrived Nov 27— Stmr Penn
sylvania, from New York.
HAMBURG— Sailed Nov 27— Stmr Graf Wal
dersee, for New York.
GIBRALTAR— Sailed Nov 27— Stmr OolnmbUu
from Genoa and Naples, for New Yorit.
SYDNEY. NSW- Arrived prior to Nov 25—
Stmr Alameda, from San Francisco, via Hono
lulu and Auckland.
LONDON— Arrived Nov 27— Stmr Mlnnehaha,
from New York.
NEW TORK— Arrived Nov 27— Stmr Cap
Frio. from Hamburg; stmr Califomlan. from
Giassow.
NEWCASTLE. England— Sailed Nov 2J— Br
ship Dowan Hill, tar San Francisco.
PERNAMBUCO— Sailed Nov 25— Br ship Ly
derhcrn. for Victoria. B C.
SALINAS CRUZ— Arrived Nov 27— Bark VI
dette, hence Oct 23.
OCEAN STEAMERS.
meda .from Auckland. Nov 23— Schr Inca. from
Port Gamble.
VICTORIA-Arrived Nov K-Bark Carronton."
from Kahulul.
1IAZATLAN— Sailed Nov 2S— Stmr City of
fcyclnf-y. for San Francisco.
SINGAPORE— Arrived Nov 27— U S strar
Bumside. from New York, fcr Manila.
SAN BLAS-Satled Nov IS-Schr Lena Swea
sey, for Grars Harbor.
NANAXMO— Arrived Nov 26— Etmr "Washte
naw. benc* Nov 23.
Sailed Nov 26— Nor stmr Tltania. for Port
Los Anzelea.
MANILA— Sailed Nov 2— Br stmr Pale Lin*,
for Pu^et Sound.
Arrived Nov 2— Dutch stmr 'Vrilhelmlna. from
Taroma.
FALilOTTH— Arrived Nov 25— Br eh!j> Had
don Jfa.Il. from Taeoma.
ANTWERP— Sailed Nov 24— Br ship Ladkh.
for San Francisco.
LONDON, Nov 27— Nagrasakl telegraphs ship
supposed to be ship Geo Skolfleld. rrom gan
trancisco Oct 6, for Pert Arthur, is ashore near
Toizaki. Crev.- Eaved.
LONDON, Nov 27-Br ship Beechbank. hence
April If, for Queenstown. put into St Helena
with sundry losses and damages sustained In
heavy wea-ther. Jettisoned a portion of cargo.
Made much water. Leak hns been stopped.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
NEWPORT— Arrived Nov 27— Schr Berth*
Dolbeer, from Eureka.
HONOLULU— Arrived Nov 17— Stmr Zealan
"tlla. hence Nov 10. Nov IS— Fr bark Bossuet.
from sea (second time; captain sick). Nov 19—
Jap stmr Nippon Maru, from China; Jap stmr
Hongkong Maru, hence Nov 13; Nor ship Prince
Victor, from Newcastle, Aus.
Sailed Nov 14— Ship Chas B Moody, for Port
To-wnsend; bark Martha Davis, for Pan Kran
clsco. Nov 17— Bktn 8 G Wilder, for San Fran
cisco; ship Star of Russia, for Port Townsend;
schr Bmtna Claudlna. for Eureka.
WHATCOJI — Sailed Nov 25— Schr Albert
Meyer, for Salaverry; stmr Rainier, for SaJi
Krancisco.
PORT LUDLOIV— Arrived Nor 27— Ship
Hecla, from Port Blakeley. Nov 18— Bktn Kli
kltat, from Honolulu.
PORT TCWNSEND— Passed Inward Nov 37—
Br bark Eaton Hall, from Callao; schr Th.es
Bayard, from Alaska.
Passed up Nov Tl — U S atmr Hugh McCul
loch, from Alaska.
Sailed Nov Zl— Bark Coryphene/ for Sydney.
UNALASKA— In port Nov 15— Strar Portland,
for Seattle; stmr Sadie, for San Francisco.
GRAYS HARBOR — Sailed Nov 27— Schr
Henry 'Wilson, for San Krancisco.
EUREK A— Arrived Nov 27— Stmrs Samoa, and
Santa Barbara, h«r;ce Nov 28; schr Sparrow,
hence Nov 23; stmr Pasadena, from San -Pedro.
Sailed Nov 27— Stmrs North Fork. Brunswick
and Cleone. for 8an\ Francisco.
FORT BRAGG— Sailed Nov 27— Stmr Noyo.
for San Francisco.
SEATTLE— Sailed Nov Jft-Stmr Cottage City,
for Sltka.
PORT GAMBLE— Arrived Nov 27— Schr Rob
ert R Hind, hence No\- 18: schr Maria E Smith,
henc* Nov 18.
SAN PEDRO— Arrived Nov 27— Schr Lottie
.Carson, from Grays Harbor.
Sailed Nov 27— Schr John A, for Grays Har
bor.
NEAH BAY— Passed in Nov 27— Bark Gerard
C Tobey. hence Nov IS, for Port Townsend.
Passed out Nov 27— Br ship British Isles,
from Taeoma, fcr Queenstown.
TACOM A — Arrived Nov 26— Stmr Signal,
hence Nov 19. Nov 27— Ship Dashing: Wave,
hence Nov 1*.
Arrived Nov 27— Br bark Adderley. from
Honolulu.
'; UMPQUA— Sailed Nov 23— Schr Sadie, for San
Arrived Nov 23— Schr Btulah. hence Nov 15.
' REDONDO— Arrived Nov 27— Stmr W H Kru
ger, from Grays Harbor. •
SOUTH BEND— Arrived Nov 27— Schr Repeat,
hence Nov 18. -> -
8AN DIEGO— Arrived Nov 27— Stmr Iaqua,
hence Nov 25; Br stmr Robert Adarason. from
PORT LOS ANGELES- Sailed Nov 27— Stmr
Alcazar, for San Francisco,
NEAH ¦ BAY— Pass«i out Nov 27— Nor stmr
Titan la, from Nanatmo'. for San Francisco. -¦
BOW ENS LANDING— Sailed Nov 27— Schr
Mary Etta, for San Francisco. v
PORT <• BLAKKLET— Arrived ¦ Nov 27— Schr
Excelirior. from Newport.
ASTORIA— Arrived Nov 27— Nor stmr Kvar
ven, from Seattle; stmr Fulton, hence Novem-
Salled Nov 27— Stmrs Robert Dollar and D*l
Norte for San Frandyco; Nor stmr Universe,
for Vladivostok; Ger ship Gertrud. for Queens
- BANDON— Arrived Nov 27— Schr Conflanra.
hence Nov 26.
v ,.; . . EASTERN PORTS.
' NeVtORK— Arrived Nov 27— Strar Allianca.
from Colon. FOR^ GN po RTS .
HONGKONG— Arrived Nov 2*— Stmr City or
Peklnr, • hence Oct 26.
SYDNET— Arrived prior to Not 27— Stmr Ala-
LONDON, Nov 26— Bark Pactolus, bound
from Baltimore, for San Francisco, was spokeu
Oct 20. lat 7 S. Ion 30 W, with loss of main
topgallant mast.
MISCELLANEOUS.
POINT LOBOS. Nov 27. 10 p m— Weatner
loggy; wind NE. velocity 12 miles.
Tuesday, November Tl.
Stmr Geo Loomis, Brtdgett. Ventura.
Stmr Bonlta, N'opander, San Pedro.
Stmr Eureka, Jessen. Eureka.
Stmr City of Puebla, Jeosen. Victoria, etc.
Stmr Alex Duncan. Guthrie, southern coast.
Stmr Corinthian, Korth, Bowens Landing.
Stmr Albion. Erickson, Honolulu.
Stmr Cbqullle River, Thompson, .
Stmr Xewburg. Peterson, Grays Harbor,
hark Gatherer, Yotinggren, Taeoma.
Scar S, Dunielson. Ha^eron, Siuslaw River.
Schr.Abbie, Peterson, .
Schr Annie Larsen. Smith. Taeoma.
Schr Ida McKay. Lehtola, Grays Harbor.
Schr Xfwark. Beck. Bowois Landing.
Schr Ida McKay, Lcthola, Eureka.
TELEGRAPHIC.
SAILED.
Stmr Geo "U* Elder, Randall, 81& hours from
Portland, via Astoria 6S hour*.
Etnsr Pomona, Shea, 20 hours from Eureka.
SUnr South Coast. Olsen. 28 hours from Eu
reka.
Stmr Curacao. Parsons. 10 days from Guay
mae, via Ensenada. via San Pedro 36 hours.
Stmr Arcata, Nelson, 6S hours from C009 Bay.
Jap stmr Xluoon Maru, Greene, 27 days from
Hongkong, via Yokohama 17 days, via Hono
lulu G days 12 hours.
CLEARED. *
. : Tuesday, November 27.
Stmr Albion, Erickaon. Honolulu; Kunball
S £5 Co.
Stmr Queen, Thomas. San Dieso; Goodall,
Perkins & Co.
Tuesday, November 27.
ARRIVED.
Shipping Intelligence.
For Victoria— 4 cs arm* and ammunition. 130
lbs butter, 5 cs clocks.- H ca canned good». 15
PKgra Chinese provision?. 20.00m lbs chop feed
2252^ lbe coffee. 29,105 lbs dried fruit, IS cs drags.
eo.03. lbs dried pulp, 101 pltps groceries and pro
visions. 32 cs hardware, S cs household goods,
24.910 lbe malt. 25 tins matches. 3160 lbs nuts. 320
bxs paste. 16 kegs powder 1027 bxs raisins, 5003
lb« sugar. 50 cs stove polJeh, 10,130 lbs salt, 5
chests tea. 3 cs typewriter*, 8 bis SO eks vege
tables, SIS gals wine.
For Brisbane. ABstralla— 3725 lbs hops, it.COO
lbs codfish.
The steamer City of Puebla sailed yesterday
for Victoria with a general cargo, manifested
as follows: For Victoria, JS9S0; for Brisbane,
Australia. $2CW. Total. »10.SS9. The following
were the principal shipments:
Merchandise for Victoria.
The John Smith will load lumber at Port
Blakeley for Honolulu, and not at Chemainus
for Xagasakl as previously reported.
Shipping Merchants.
Matters of Interest to Mariners and
NEWS OF THE OCEAN.
except the captain and chief engineer axe
to be laid off and the two officers named
are to go on half pay.
News comes to the Merchants' Ex
change that a ship supposed to be the
George Skol field of San Francisco Is
ashore on the Japanese coast and will
probably be a total loss. The Skolfield
is owned by the*American Trading Com
pany and was on her way to Port Arthur
with a general cargo.
The Fadfic Mail / Company * has issued
orders:, to lay: up the. San Juan, San Bias
and San Jose for the winter.. All hands
An attempt .will be : made to get/ the
barkentlneClty of Papeete to San Fran
clsco.. The . underwriters have sent an ex
pert to Tahiti ; and he will attempt to
patch up the craft andget her to th«
coast. ¦ --.->.-' 1* n flmiwtitoi'i _j|JDu
. : ?
Water Front Notes.
The British ship Melanope brought
$53,900 at public auction yesterday. The
bidders left In at the " last were George
Hume and John Rosenf eld's Sons. The
latter secured" the vessel by a final raise
of $100. It Is rumored that the California
Ship Company* will take over the crafL
Tho Melanope has toa* an eventful i his
tory during the past few years. Captain
Craigen purchased her with money sup'
plied; by a lady friend and later sailed
away with "the: woman, leaving- his wif>
and children in England. At • Panama
Captain Craig-en died and tho vessel sailed
for Ban^FrancIsco in charge of tha mate
Then tm» woman In th'e case died at stri
and as there was no means of paying th'p
bills when San Francisco was reached thf»
ship-tfiad to be sold.
Another : Vessel for the Coast.
The Nippon Maru brings the hews that
the overdue ship Vrince Victor- has
reached Honolulu. | She was a lone time
out from Newcastle. Australia, and 50 pe
cent reinsurance was paid on her Mondavi
The Japanese naval officers are all here
on a tour of inspection. Sister Baflgha
rnitta is a Buddhist priestess, who comes
to San Francisco- for . a vacation af t»r
five years' work in India.
From China and Japan— Captain J. F. Allen.
Mr. and Mrs. H. TV. Annable. H. H. Berner*
Mr. and Mra. C Cambern, lira. B. M Fay'
Dr. and Mrs. C, H. Finch and ion, !•. p. F©«*
ter, Mrs. W. H. Greeno, J. Guggenheim T
Harada, G. Hiyama. Andrew Huston. A H*
Juquea, Mr. and Mrs. Edwin Jones, H. Koi
luml. Captain T. Matsue. Rev. R. Meridith
Mr. and Miss Mlddleton. t. Neilson, O. II. p
Noyes. Mrs. E. IV. Peabody, Miss L. M. Rol
lestone. Sister Sanghamitta, El SchloettlK M
Shlbata, Miss Ula M. Sttlson, Ed Soper Cap^
tain ¦ H. Takenoudi, II. C. Thomson, S. Tojto
T.- Watase. Commander K. Yamada, M. Ve
lltchko and A. J. Youne.
The Toyo Kisen Kaisha's steamer Nip
pon Maru arrived from the Orient yes
terday. She brought up forty-two cabin
passengers, seven second cabin passen
gers, flfty-three Chinese aad twelve Jap
anese. In her cargo" was $150,000 in treas
ure. Thos«" who came up in the cabin
were:
Nippon Maru Arrives.
The Czar sailed from here six months
ago in command of Captain Wagner.
When last heard from she was to sail
from San Bias in ballast for San Fran
cisco. That wa« on September 20 and
since then no definite news has been re
ceived until yesterday afternoon. Then
Captain William Ol.fon, the managing
owner, received a dispatch stating that
the Czar had been sighted floating bot
tom up off Cape Calltnte. According to
this she could not have been far from
her starting point when 6he turned turtle
The Czar was 137 tons net burden, 3S
feet lone, 25 feet beam and 9 feet 7 inches
deep. She was built in 1SS1 and at one
"time she was used as a yacht. Captain
Wagner^was well known on the coast.
Some weeks.ago The Call told the story
of a wreck off the Mexican coast and
stated that fears were entertained for tho
safety of the schooner Czar. Later the
Email craft was given up as lost and now
comes a dispatch stating that the
schooner turned turtle and that probably
all hands were drowned.
Th*> Poltalloch was launched from a
Belfast shipyard In 1S93. She is a steel
four-masted bark of 2133 tons net burden,
and when laden carries nearlv 5000 tons
of grain. She is 2*4 feet 4 inches long, 42
feet beam and 24 feet 4 inches deep. Her
managing owners are Potter Bros., of
Liverpool, England. The ship hast been
here on two occasions during the past
seven years, and her captain has a large
circle of friends in San Francisco.
— » •
WRECK OF THE CZAR.
Well-Known Schooner Capsized in a
Captain Young and his men are now at
the scene of the wreck awaiting orders
from the owners.
until she is now bow on and creeping
higher on the sand. The bark is unin
jured, but the opinion is general that she
will never be floated. This .belief is rea
sonable, in view of the fate of the Po
trimpos and Glenmorag and the Colum
bia Rivor lightship, all of which met a
similar fate. ¦
she worked around
side on, but to-day
Bend, where he tried to engage a fleet
of small tugs, hut was unsuccessful. Cap
tain Olsen says the only hope now Is to
kedge the bark off with anchors and ca
bles, as her position is becoming worse
f-very hour. Last night she was broad-
ASTORIA. Or., Nov. 27.— The bis
four-masted British bark Poltal
loch. Captain Young, from Santa
Rosalia for this port, which went
ashore at the north entrance to
Wlllapa Bay at 2 o'clock yesterday morn
ing, willbe a total, loss. Her crew of
thirty men reached shore safely.
The Call correspondent who was dis
patched to the scene of the wreck saw
Captain Younr to-day. According ten. his
story the' disaster was "duo to the rough
weather at the time. Fog settled heav
ily Sunday night, and as the night wore
on it became so dense that it was im
possible to see half a length ahead. Cap
tain Young supposed he was well off
shore, when suddenly, at 2 o'clock, he
found himself in the breakers. One of the
anchors was shipped and the cable of the
other parted. The sea was running very
high and the vessel was rapidly driven
to her doom.
When day broke seventeen of the thirty
men were sent ashorenn small boats, the
others leaving the vessel later. The tug
Astoria put In an appearance early yes
terday morning, when the position of the
hark made It possible tor her to be
floated. The weather was so rough, how
ever, that Captain Olsen. master of tue
tug-, found it impossible to approach near
enough to pass a line, aJthough Cap
tain Young offered him $10,W>0 if he would
do so. All day long Captain Olsen tned
to get near the stranded Britisher, but
each time the waves drove him back, and
this morning he gave up the attempt.
To-day Captain Young went to South
BRITISH SHIP POLTALLOCHr ASHORE ON THE BEACH TWO MILES NORTH OF TTFLL.APA HARBOR
SHE WAS OX HER WAT FROM SANTA ROSAXJA TO THE COLUMBIA RIVER IN BALLAST BUT THE
WIND AND THE FOO PROVED TOO MUCH FOR CAPTAIN YOUNG.
LITTLE HOPE OF SAVING THE STRANDED
BRITISH FOUR=MASTED BARK POLTALLOCH
THE SAN FBAyCISCO -CALX,,-. WEDNESDAY, NOVEMBER 28, 1900.
Gale.
11
Steamer.
From.
Du«.
Corona Newport „ Nov. 2S
S«nator ...jAlaska & Puget Sound.. Nov. 23
Z«3.UnJla [Honolulu Nov. S3
Australia JTahitl Nov. W
North Fork .....'Hamboldt Nov. IS
Rainier ,|SaattIe Nor. 38
Jeanle [Seattle Not. a
Crescent City.. [Crescent City Sav. 29
Santa Rosa ]9an Dlero Nov. »
Point Art ca iPotnt Arrtia X«t. S*
Warfield Oyster Harbor Not. »
Samoa Hamboldt Not. 30
MacJctaaw Seattle Nov. 30
Tltanla Nanalmo Nov. 1)
Eureka Humboldt \Sor. 30
City of Sydney; New York via. Panama;Oec. I
Columbia Portland |Dec. 1
Queen (San Dlero & Way Ports ;ix»e. J
Bonita ! Newport and Way Portal Dec. 3
South PortlandlSeattle [Dec. S
Pomona jEorelca tlVc. 2
Umatllla I Victoria * Pujet SoundiDec. 3
Wasoteoaw ...(Nanalmo jDec. 3
Arcata |Coos Bay Dec 4
Steamer. | Destination. I Sail?. I Pier.
Salln.
I Pier.
Rival hrillapa | Xov. 28. 5pm|Pter 2
Czarina ...(Seattle |Xov. 3». S prn|Pl«r 8
Quwn ?3an Di**t> — .1N«rr. 28. 9 ana Pier 11
Doric tChlnaAJapan'Ncv. IS. 1 om'HMs'S
Acapulco ..JXew York Xot. 2*. 12 m.'PMSS
Mandalav .[Coqulllft Rlv.. Nov. 23. 10 amfPier 2
Pomona ...'Humboldt Xov. r*. 2 pan Pier 9
Geo. EJder.IPortland Sor. ». 11 am Pt«r 34
Ktnplre 'Coos Bay Xov. r9 10 am Pier 13
Mandalay .ICoqullIe IUv.. Xot. 23. 10am!Pl*r 3
'Arcata — ICoos Bay Xov. 29. 10 am Pier 1J
Del Xorte..|Portrd&C.B. Xov. 2?, Jam'Pler20
Willamette | Seattle Nov. 80, 4 pmjPler »
Corona ....iNcvport iNov. J», »ami*»lerll
Mexico |Mfxtco |Dec. 1. 12 m| Pier 27
North ForkiHumboldt Dec. 1. 9 arajWer 2
Pt. Arena.. I Point Arena.. Dec. 1. 2 pmlPler 2
Walla "Wall Vic & P?t Sd. Dec. 1. 11 amjPier >
Sacta Roea Saa Dlezo..._ Dec. 2. SamlPierll
Eureka ]Hnmboldt Dec. 2, » araJPler 13
Zpa!asdla. .Honolulu Dvc. 3. 2 pm Pier 7
Samoa IHumboldt O«c. 3. 10 am! Pier 2
Australia ..jTahiti.. Dec. 4. Jpm'Pler 7
Columbia ..(Portland Dec. '4, llaraJPier;*
Ranler ISeattle... JDec. 4. — pm|
Bonlta | Newport |Dec. 4. SamjPierll
C Tim* Time Tlma Tim*
5. Ft. Ft. Ft. Ft.
»HW liW HW LW
2S ... 4:33 S.I 10:« 2.1 3:35.' 4.5 1»:C6 •.<
23 ... 6:18 B.a 11:18 1.2 6:00 4.» 11:00 1.1
SO ... 6:00 5.S 1!:W l.C «:27 4.S
L W H W L W H W
1 ... 0:00 1.1 <:4S 5.8 1:W 0.3 7:4« «.Z
2 ... 0:S2 2.0 >:£> 6.0 2:15 0.1 S:SS 4.3
3 ... 1:46 3.JJ 8:12 «.3 3rO»? — 6.5 M:C1 4.4
4 ... 2:33 S.Sj 8:ST] «.SJ 3:53!— 0.9 11:00 4.5
C Tim* Time Tlma Tim*
5. Ft. Ft. Ft. Ft.
»HW liW HW LW
2S ... 4:33 S.I 10:« 2.1 3:35.' 4.5 1»:C6 •.<
23 ... 6:18 B.a 11:18 1.2 6:00 4.» 11:00 1.1
SO ... 6:00 5.S 1!:W l.C «:27 4.S
L W H W L W H W
1 ... 0:00 1.1 <:4S 5.8 1:W 0.3 7:4« «.Z
2 ... 0:S2 2.0 >:£> 6.0 2:15 0.1 S:SS 4.3
3 ... 1:46 3.JJ 8:12 «.3 3rO»? — 6.5 M:C1 4.4
4 ... 2:33 S.Sj 8:ST] «.SJ 3:53!— 0.9 11:00 4.5
Steamer. | Destination. I Sail?. I Pier.
Salln.
I Pier.
Rival hrillapa | Xov. 28. 5pm|Pter 2
Czarina ...(Seattle |Xov. 3». S prn|Pl«r 8
Quwn ?3an Di**t> — .1N«rr. 28. 9 ana Pier 11
Doric tChlnaAJapan'Ncv. IS. 1 om'HMs'S
Acapulco ..JXew York Xot. 2*. 12 m.'PMSS
Mandalav .[Coqulllft Rlv.. Nov. 23. 10 amfPier 2
Pomona ...'Humboldt Xov. r*. 2 pan Pier 9
Geo. EJder.IPortland Sor. ». 11 am Pt«r 34
Ktnplre 'Coos Bay Xov. r9 10 am Pier 13
Mandalay .ICoqullIe IUv.. Xot. 23. 10am!Pl*r 3
'Arcata — ICoos Bay Xov. 29. 10 am Pier 1J
Del Xorte..|Portrd&C.B. Xov. 2?, Jam'Pler20
Willamette | Seattle Nov. 80, 4 pmjPler »
Corona ....iNcvport iNov. J», »ami*»lerll
Mexico |Mfxtco |Dec. 1. 12 m| Pier 27
North ForkiHumboldt Dec. 1. 9 arajWer 2
Pt. Arena.. I Point Arena.. Dec. 1. 2 pmlPler 2
Walla "Wall Vic & P?t Sd. Dec. 1. 11 amjPier >
Sacta Roea Saa Dlezo..._ Dec. 2. SamlPierll
Eureka ]Hnmboldt Dec. 2, » araJPler 13
Zpa!asdla. .Honolulu Dvc. 3. 2 pm Pier 7
Samoa IHumboldt O«c. 3. 10 am! Pier 2
Australia ..jTahiti.. Dec. 4. Jpm'Pler 7
Columbia ..(Portland Dec. '4, llaraJPier;*
Ranler ISeattle... JDec. 4. — pm|
Bonlta | Newport |Dec. 4. SamjPierll
Steamer.
From.
Du«.
Corona Newport „ Nov. 2S
S«nator ...jAlaska & Puget Sound.. Nov. 23
Z«3.UnJla [Honolulu Nov. S3
Australia JTahitl Nov. W
North Fork .....'Hamboldt Nov. IS
Rainier ,|SaattIe Nor. 38
Jeanle [Seattle Not. a
Crescent City.. [Crescent City Sav. 29
Santa Rosa ]9an Dlero Nov. »
Point Art ca iPotnt Arrtia X«t. S*
Warfield Oyster Harbor Not. »
Samoa Hamboldt Not. 30
MacJctaaw Seattle Nov. 30
Tltanla Nanalmo Nov. 1)
Eureka Humboldt \Sor. 30
City of Sydney; New York via. Panama;Oec. I
Columbia Portland |Dec. 1
Queen (San Dlero & Way Ports ;ix»e. J
Bonita ! Newport and Way Portal Dec. 3
South PortlandlSeattle [Dec. S
Pomona jEorelca tlVc. 2
Umatllla I Victoria * Pujet SoundiDec. 3
Wasoteoaw ...(Nanalmo jDec. 3
Arcata |Coos Bay Dec 4
, Some people are; like clocks: they are
groins; all the time, but never set any-
where. ' ¦ ¦ ¦
RAILROAD TBAVEL.
IMcfW/OV <fc CO..
FUNERAL DIRECTORS & EMBALMERS.
1S3S Market St.. between Mh a«d Hh.
Telephone South 247.
(Successor to Flar.nacan & Gallacber) <
DAXIEI. P. DONOVAN. M*r.
FUNERAL. DIKECTOnS AND EMBALMERS,
SO Flftb st.. opposite Lincoln Scboct.
Telephone South SO. '
HENRY J. GALLAGHER CO.,
MOUM.T TAMALPAIS RAILWAY
Leave* gan Francisco, via Sausallto Firry:
WEEK DATS.. ..8:13 a.. in.: 1:45 and 4:00 p. m.
6UNDAV3......*:U0. y:eO.-U^O and 1:15 £. m.
- Fare. San Francisco to Summit and Return.
II 40. -
NEW TAVERN OF TAMALPAIS NOW OPEN.
Ticket offices. Kl Marks? *i_ Saiualito F«rrr.
-ADVERTISEMENTS.
Stop at our store when you
have a minute to spare and rest
yourself while we show you
carpets.
Needn't say: "I don't like to
go in there and put them to
trouble when I don't buy any-
We mean if when we tell
you you're welcome . to come
in and look at things. Our car-
pets have a way of speaking for
themselves that you will appre-
ciate when you see them.
% "H* T* '__l_^BBsWx^Btstl>BBBSBBBBB«BBS>BBBBl*«BBBB*B«a«** BB^^ -
215-217 Sutter Street, Above Ktarny.
Builders' Contracts.
Mls« Ida H. Bourn and Maud E. C. B.Hayn*
(owners) with John O. Cook (contractor), archi-
tect Albert Sutton— All work except plumbinsr
gasflttlng, sewering and electrio elevators for
a 5-story and basement brick building- on lot
on NE line of Fremont street, 1SJ:4 SE of Mar-
ket. SE 45:10 byNE 1!7: 6; $29,940.
Same owners with W. L. Holman (contrac-
tor), archluct same— An. electric freight eleva-
tor for same on sasne: J1G00. : ¦• ' .
Mary J. and Clara ? > r«sley : (owners) with
Hugh Keenan & Son (contractors), architect
All work for a 2-story basement and attic
frame building on lot on B line 'of Alpine
street, 125 X of Thirteenth. X 25. B S4 -3 «
25. "W S4; I270O.
Caroline H. Robinson (owner) with AH
¦V%'llhe4ir» (contractor), architect C- A. Meusa-
dor/Ter— All work except plumbing-, gasflttinp
eewer work, mantels, fas fixtures and shadet
for t 3-story frame building on lot on NE cor-
ner of Foisom ar.d Dor" streets, K 86 by X 12;
f d&57. I ¦.-.-. •-;¦-:¦ . '
It Is estimated that only 1000 buffalo art
now allv»
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS.
ALAMEDA REAL ESTATE.
1.4 0— NETV cottage of C or 7 rooms: terms
j;4f<\ JIM cash; new house of 8 rooms; fruit
er.d rh3d« tires; let 60x118. J. H. YOUNG
Busier. i:<3 Park tt.
FRl'ITVALE ADVERTISEMENTS
FIUITVALE IlEAL ESTATE.
FOB PALE— On Frultvale ave.. a modern £v«-
roomed cottage; all th« latest improvements;
chicken house and alxty chickens;
bone, burry ar.4 tuntness •wagon: must b«
Fold immediately; owner rolng away; valu*-
t ¦*. reduced to tlttO; offer wanted! Apply
or. rreral^es 1617 rrultvale ave., FVultvale.
CHEAT F.5T ar.d best In Amerlca-Tlie Weekly
<'&'.:. tf r«es. *ent to any address in the
Cntred Stales cr Canada one year for fl
y.-.F!ac» raid-
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
CFFiCE— 1113 JJROADWAY.
OAKLAXD HOUSES TO LGT.
GOOD t-.otfts. Oet tlrt from GEO "W. AUS-
TIN * <~O . TOG* Broadway, Oakland.
OAUI.AXD FL'IIMTLRK FOR SALE.
AN Introduction t« you from H. Schelthaas. ths
famUuro <He*l^r. nth and Franklin. Oakland.
ROOMS^FOR IIOUSEKEEPIXG.
HL.LIS. C21— 2 newly furnished sunny rooms
housekeeping. 113 M; on* room 310.
GOLDEX GATE ave.. C2— Sunny suite; elf an.
comfortable; ras stove; running watjr.
JUNIPER. 3. off Folsom. between Tenth and
Eleventh— Two unfurnished housekeeping
rooms: bath; rent $5.
MARKET, cr. Mason— Largs room anl kit-
chen. folding bed. ra*. $10. Call 342 Ksarny *L
MISSION. 1723H. nr. 12th— 3 sunny furnished
i- housekeeping rooms; bath; lanndry: $3; alsa
rpcei with stove^ JS.
OAK. 11* — 2 eunay parlors, furn'^hed for heavy
housekeeping. 314; 1 single room. JS.
BTOCKTON. 1307 — S nicely furnished rooms for
housekeeping : rest clitap.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 FlUmore st.
A I3P.ANCH olnc* for Call advertisements and
rubscriptloss has been established at ivS6
Valencia st.
CHEAPEST an<l be»t in America— The "Weekly
Call. 1£ rages, sent to fc.ny address In the
United States or Canada o=« year for St.
postage paM.
— — — ¦ ' i
ROOMS TO lUT— I'nrn. and I'nfnrn. {
A-BRUXSWK Hcuse. 148 Sixth— Rooms 21c i
to fl per =;pht; $1 25 to $5 p^r week, aad light
houteke«>firjr; <~r-en all night.
AT. kTlX are.. lOi— Sunny front room to let.
BURXETT. liT£ Market <old Xo. 13«)— Fui-
nished nrji, suites, single; also unfurnisbed.
CXJFFOKX>. 294 Ellis, ccr. Mason— Elegantly j
flemished Funny rooms; prices reasonable.
EIJ-IS. ?20-Xeat. tidy, desirable furnished j
rrx-ais for «;entlemen only.
¦ j
fl TVEEK— Lsjre euney furnished room; closet: !
bath; private. K34 Foisoni st-; call by 8 p. m. j
FOURTH. 225— Xice *usr.y frcct rooms; mlt- j
eile for 2; rent reasonable.
GEARY. 455 (The Navarre)— Elegantly furnished
ras; suite? cr single; travelers accommodated.
GEARY. i. r 6 — Ccrr.er house; front rooms; other i
rood*: fiano. phone; privilege Ucht hskpf. i
GZaRY. *13»«— Uarg-e sxmcy room furnish*! or !•
ur.furr.l>hed. |
GRAM* SOT."TUERX. sootheast corner Seventh i
and Mission ets. — Sunny rooms, en suite or !
t=ln(tlp; ladles' partcr; reading-room; elevator. ;
1 1 A P. P. I ?'W, 7MH near 4th— Finely furnished 1
tur.cy room?, bath, all conveniences; henic- j
like; private; tl week ep.
HOWARD, CO— A r.ice single sunny front room '
for a Kentleman to let.
LAKKTN. Fonny front room, furnished, $V. j
f.ncle roora, i; 50.
LAP PALMAP. l*r> Market ft.— Suite of 2 or 8 ;
tttif. ; private: bath; sin. rms; board optional. ;
SlrTITM-AND. 2"0 Turk jrt.— Channel hands: !
nrajy ferwv«t«I; all rooms facina; either
TTur*. or Jon** «t.; rent reasonable.
HIXKA. €«T, corner Eighth— Xew furnished'
r.s,y-w.n-iow room, tl i>er week; transient.
XHW ARLINGTON. 1C15 Market tt.— Nicely j
iv.rr.'.tY-j'il rr>jms, SS a week up; Sc a day up. (
X' •RTCOOD. C;i Taylor— Furnished Funny j
sY lTey - sir^rle rooms; J2 a w<H»k up.
OTARREI.L. 20— Punny furnished roome and i
officos; electric lights; day, wk.. mo. '
PO5T. 4!CU_Sur.r.y Dewty furnished.- hot and i
cr.H rater; bath; cae nr two gentlemen.
F«'x«T. C3l— To rent, small furnlehed front room- !
neither drink nor smoke in the house; Prot- !
-_^lil r ml!i ri5 " sln P re ' e Ted; $5 per month.
BOYAL House. 12« EIJls st.— Incandescent tight; '
rra<iin<r-rorm. Fn^kint-room and ladles' par- !
lor: rooms. r>~r nl»rht. :?c to tl 60; week. t2 to j
J v : racrth. $s tn J33: e!evaf>r on ground floor; ¦
s-fmsaj with hot and cold water; baths.
:DAL.E House. 31* a*id 221 Elli5 st.— Roomii. j
night to tl. week II 25 to U: open night, j
FKERMAN A^artmept Hcufe, » Eighth st^ j
Market— Furnishei cr utsfurnl^hed.
F1XTH. l:*— Furs!Fh«l suite of rooms, suitable j
•'" rwiirlnfM; pri\-ilege of light housekeeping.
FTnVKNSO.V. fr^-Pur.ry front rooms; single !
wcbU; lisht housekeeping.
TEXTI ~. r.c&r Mark-t-Large light room. |
• : • r month. ¦ i
Tf-RK. z:*.— Furrasbed room, suitable for gen- i
t'cnian. fZ nionth. ,
O.A!r-"?lFIED advertisements and subscriptions '
rpc?iv*d zt Call branch effice. ff-00 Fillmore st. i
A BRASCH ofn^e fur Call advertis€Tnents< and ;
FBbscrtptions has b#en established at 1«« |
U I
noOMS AXD HOARD.
SKLECT fan-illy h<-.t«l: new interior; thre« ep^. i
c-.c! dlr.n^rs weekly; rates to establish. feO7
California st.
A LADY wi:h a plearsnt home in Saxta Rosa
would like 4 bay*) to b-.srd and ro tr> Kchool-
a pocd hOTTie: b*« of r;-f«. IVix <^. Ca'tl.
BOARD and roccis at 415 First St., near Har- '
rircn.
A WEEKS now* for 5 rents— The Weekly Call! j
1« n«r>«. In »r»pr>r. for mailing. «1 rier year. I
ROOMS WASTED. ,
FMALL rheap furnished room with rrate or
ytove; certral location. J. H. STEWART.
<3<*-2 Je«*> et.
SPECIAL XOTICES.
PAD tenants ejected for M; collections made;
»1ty or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION CO..
HI Min'coniMT rt.. rooms *-10; tel. SS80.
H.WIXG MACIIIXES AXD SUPPLIES.
ALL l/ln'ir bought, so'd, rented, exchanged: re-
tairnur lowest rates; open even. 205 Fourth.
DOUGUT, nU, rented, repaired; needles and
«huttl»s; reduced rates. 145 Cth; phone Mlat 5.
ALL kir.ds bought. soTd and repairing guaran-
wl Charles Ptamfae<-k. ISIS Mlwilon. nr. 15th.
STORAGE AXD AVAREIIOCSES.
EEKIXS Van and Storage Co., 72T Mission et :
tel. Main \*-Vj; shipping at cut rates.
WILSON BRCB.. stora«e~and moving: covered
vans. Tenth and Market: pbone South 762.
I'ACIFIC Ptorage and Furniture Moving Com-
rnrv; r? FHInore >t.: phone Jackson 28L
TVPEWniTEUS A>U StPPLIES.
C REAT~B ARGAIxTTx" TTPEWRITERS^wi
*«ell better machines for less money than any
hcure tn the city; rentals. S3. The Typewriter
Exchange, £5€ California; telephone Main S6«.
ALWAYS bargains In typewriters: any make. '
Writ" for prices to L. tc M. ALEXAXDER.
?1O Montgomery et.
SLOT MACHIXES.
I-.''l'<;HT and sold; sew and second-hand; \*i%*
difplay; very cheap. ll«7 Market, bet. Vth & Ith.
COPAKTXCnsUIP XOTICES. :
£. 'T.~F'ENN^and~HERMAN' WIXNElC both o7 :
rhe City and Ctocnty of San Francisco, hare
this cay joined themtelve* in a copartnership
ur.fier the firm name and etrle of FEXX &
WINXER MFO. CO. Xov W. 19M.
' 1
UIVIDE.MI NOTICES.
TjlVlitV^D"soSe^-VMitai Xo. Ill (fifty *
oesU per fhare) cf the Oceanic Steamship J
Company will be payable at the effle* of the I
«wf«r.v, 227 Market St.. on and after Satur- [
«sy, December X. 1S00. Transfer booke will i
close en Saturday, Norember 24. 1300. at 12 m.
E. H. EHELDQX. Secretary. - «
GAHAN— In this city. November 27, 1900. Mich-
ael Gahan, a native of Virginia, aged C9
years.
DTFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral . to-morrow
?Thursday), at 1 o'clock, from th« parlors of
McAroy & Co., 1233 Market street, between
Kitthth and Ninth, thence to St. Brendan's
Church for services. Interment Holy Cross
Onvtery.
HAY— In this dty, November Z«, 1300, Dr. Wil-
liam Gilbert Hay. beloved son of Emma M.
CXFriends and acquaintance* are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
<Thursday). at 8:30 o'clock, from the resi-
dence of her niece, lira. Martin Heman. 4Vj
Hoit avenue, thence to Mlssloc Dolor«s
Church, where a solemn requiem mass will
be celebrated for the repose of her soul, com-
mencing at 9 o'clock. Interment Mount Cal-
vary Cemetery.
CRAWTORD-ln this city, November 27, 1900,
at his rwsidemy. 1011 Post street, Edmund M.
Crawford, aged 77 years: Formerly of A.
Crawford & Co.
C^Funeral services to-morrow (Thursday),
at 10:30 o'clock, at 1021 Pest street
DORAN— In this city. November 27, 1300, Mrs.
Mary Doran, beloved wif<s of the late John
Doran. and sister of Samuel Burke, a. native
of County Tipperary. Ireland, aged 60 years.
CT Notice of funeral hereafter. Remalno at
the parlors of J. C. O'Connor &. Co.. "67 Mis-
COLEMAN-In this dty # November 26, 1300, at
hrr residence, C3S Oak street. Mrs. Catherine
Ccleman. a native of County Louth, Ireland.
C7Th« funeral will take place this day
(Wednesday), at 9 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, thence to Sacred Heart Church, where
a solemn hi<rh requiem mass will be cele-
brated for the repose of her soul, commenc-
ing at 9:30 o'clock. Interment private, Holy
Croes Cemetery.
COXXOLLY— In this city. November 27. 1500.
Kate, beloved wife of tb« late John Connelly,
a. native of the parish of Milltown. County
Gslway. . Ireland, aged S2 years.
D^Fric-nds and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
< Wednesday), at 1 o'clock, from the family
rp.-idence. 317 Stevenson street, above Sixth.
Interment I. O. O. F. Cemetery-
BKODERICK-In Oakland, Xovember 25. 13C*.
Charlotte Broderiok. mother of Charles. Anna
and William Broderick and Mrs. L. Stolte, a
native of Germany. a€?d £S years 2 months
and 7 d»; - ».
C^Frlends and acquaintances are reepect-
f uily invited to attend the funeral services this
d&y (Wednesday), at 2 o'clock, at the parlors
of Albert Brown. 4<5S Thirteenth street, Oak-
land. Intermprt Mountain View Cemetery.
CHASE— In Oakland. November 27. 1&00, Charles
B., beloved husband of Man Emma Chase,
and lather of Charles Herbert end Rubin
Haskril Chase, a native of San Francisco,
sre.1 Z% years 3 months ar.d 6 days.
CHISHOLM— In Oakland. November 27. 1500. at
1*10 Twelfth street. Amanda, daugrhter of
Aipxander and Elizabeth Chisholm. a native
of Xova Scotia, aged 16 years 7 months and
12 days.
CLANCY — In Redding. Xovember 25. 1900.
Jam*s T., beloved son of Peter and the late
Catherine Clancy, and brother of Minnie. "Wil-
liam. George and Emmett Clancy, a native
cf San Francisco, aged 32 years 4 months and
15 dnis.
CT Notice of funeral hereafter. Remains at
the parlors ot J. C. O'Connor & Co.. 787 ills-
E7"Frien4» are respectfully invited to at-
ter.d the funeral to-morruw (Thursday), at 3
o'clock, from the chat>el of the Odd Fellows'
Cremator}".
BORMAN— In this city. Xovember 23. 1DC0,
Edith Virsinia. be!ov«M wife of K. M. Bor-
man. daurhtfr of Mrs. M. Bower and the late
R. Q. Bower, and sister of Mrs. W. R. Car-
p<?nte-r and George a! Bower, a native of
Illinois. ag*d 22 years 6 months and 9 days.
BAHRS— In this dty. Xovember S7. 1S00, Henry
F. J.. dearly beloved and only son of John
and Amanda Bahrs, and brother of Bertha
Bahrs, a native of San FtanclEco. aged 16
years 1 month and 8 days..
C7 Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to a.ttend the funeral to-morrow
(Thursday), at 1:30 o'clock, from the resi-
dence of his parent*. 3i<22 Eighteenth sfre«t,
betwem Sanchez and Xoe. Interment Cy-
rr^ss Lawn Cemetery, by carriae-e.
BANKS— Passed to the higher life. In this city,
November 27, 1S00, at the residence of her Bis-
ter, Mrs. Val Schmidt, 2216 Van Xess avenue,
Mary Fay Banks, beloved wife of Frank
Banks of Breckenridg^e. Colo., and lister of
Mrs. Val Schmidt o* San Francisco. Mrs. W.
- S. Wilkinson of Cambridge. Henry County,
Illinois, and the late Harley Fay. a native of
tt. Clair, Mich., aged 67 years 2 months and
2 days. (Colorado and Illinois papers please
copy.) . - -
Crawford.- Edmund Varsl. R«v. Aloysius
Doran. Mrs. Mary Wilson. James D.
Cha*e, Charles B. Koch. John
Chisholm. Amanda Lucaa. Mary
Ciancy. James T. O'HjUlorsji. Maurice
Coleman. Mrs. C. Pllman, Ida h ~
Connolly, Kate Scpre, Janvs '
Bahrs, -Hecry F. J. Gahan. Michael
Banks. Mary F. Hay. Dr. Wm. G.
Broderick. Charlotte Haye«, Aleck
Borman. E*lith V. Hurd. Charles E.
DIED.
MARRIED.
GRIGGS— DAVIS— In this city, Xovember 27,
1500. by the Rer. Dr. John A. B. Wilson.
Stephen E. Grtgjrs and Bessie Alta Davis,
both of San Frandeco.
HARRISOX-SX1XXER— In this city, Xovem-
12. 1W, by the Rev. Dr. Woods, John Harri-
son of San Francisco and Florence M. Skin-
ner of Cleveland, Ohio.
MA CURDY— DUFUR— In this city, Xovember
21. I'.-.O. by the Rev. Dr. Woods, John W.
Ma Curdy of Xew York City and Daisy Du-
Jur"of San Francisco.
PARKS— PROWS— In this city, November
1HW, by the Rev. Dr. Woods, Yuba Rlvei
Parks and Elizabeth Prows, both of Sai
Francisco.
PETERSEX— XISSEX— In this city, Xovembet
2a, 1S00. by the Rev. J. H. Schroeder. Ferdi-
nand Petersen and Meta Xlssen.
BORN.
HATES — In thi* city. Xovember 12, 1900, to
the wife of Joseph P. Hayes, a son.
HURRY— In this city, Xovember 21. 1300. to
the wife of James S. Hurry, a son.
LEWIS— In this city. Xovember 17. 1300. to the
wife of J. Lewis, a son.
BIRTHS— MARRIAGES— DEATHS.
Birth, marriage and death notices sent by
mall will not be inserted. Xhey must be handed
In at either of the publication offices and be
lndors-d with the name and residence of per-
sons authorized to have the same published.
T. J-Tenderrast. 32. city.
Andrew Erickson. 2?. Fort Brass", and Hllma
Markkula. 20. Fort Braes'.
G«-e Chung- Poo, O. 721 Pupont street, and
Chin She*. 22. 721 Dupint street.
MABEIAGE LICENSES.
Tit* followlnr marria«» Ucemet were Issued
yesterday:
William L. Lemcn. IT. North TaJclma. Wash..
and Ella L. Wahlsteln. 25. city.
Roy E. Camp, 29, 1220 Powell street, aad
Mary F. Elm, », 1229 Powell street.
M*rle A. Lowry, Zt, Oakland, and Amelle L.
C. Mattern. 23. city.
Arthur T. McGinty. 33, 81S Golden Gate ave-
nue, ar.d Elltabeth G. Cumin. 25, 1010 Broder-
ick street.
Frederick B. J. Rodrers. 4$. tXi Steuart street,
and Marr F- Lltchfl^d. K £2€ Howard street.
l>ll!o L^oahardt. 33. 2003 Golden Gate ave-
nue, and Nellie C. Olsen. 24. 716 Fulton street.
Carl Brelnlnir. 29, 158 First street, and Sophl«
A. Wi»se, 20, 6i Silver street.
Edward X. Sawyer, 35. city, and Lydla Alle-
mann. 32. Oakland.
Augustus J. OTarrell, 24. 122 Pace street,
and Elizabeth B. Esjan. 22. 122 Pag-e street.
George S. W. PiinEie, 34, 154 Russ street, and
Apnes Scott, 26, Los Gates.
Jorjen Bernhoff. 36. 510 Stevenson streft. and
Lena Haugen, tt. 92S Mission street. '
William H. Carlln. 21. 7S1 Halg-ht etreet, and
Evelyn O. Olnnlene. IS, TS7 lia'.tht street.
Williem F. Buckley, 23. ?27 Broad-way, and
Lena OfTcnbacher. SI. 714 Vallejo street.
Judd O. Clevelar.d, 23, 2607 Post street, and
Minnie M. Fiirley. 14. Fort Bragg. Cal.
Mertin Burke. 2S. 161 Rum street, and Ellen
Hedrlck. H. 1V4 Moss street.
Ijeslle I>. Ucnroe. 21. Xapa, and Minnie E.
Farmer, 21. Los AnzeJes.
Jam»>s E. Power, -5. S27 Bryant street, and
Winnifred F. Foster, $1. 3 Oramre avenue.
Michael J. Bjrne. 43. Lincoln, Cal.. and Kate
«oi!Tiir.KX i-At'inc «t».nr.a.»a.
(PACiriC MTXTCM.l
Train* !•»»•> »»«! «rr *n* tn mrrif «t
*.*.> »'Jt 4 ¦*«•!«»« «>.
(Main U--.e. foes, of Market 3treel)
Uatx — From Notcmsbs 7, I3S9. — axkitx
•7:OUi Betticia. Snfonn, K'.ieirv V*^»»::>,
' finuif'T u<i luertmni'A TitSp
•TsOWt Shu:» Kiprrss— Uaria. WiUlasasffoT
Psniett Sprtrgs). VVXlowa. RoA
BiuS, Portland. *7t43r
*?>3<»« Mviner, **n iUrnnii.VVIeJo, >*»*v
Valiitl (;tlil>l N W!l f» Hll«3 •Hill*
•SiOOa DaiK Wuu.i.i.0. KuI.Ut* L»a.lin*.
>!-irr«»i..e <iro»l.le »7»43r
•!•>••• AtluC' KTj.mi-H,:-! ami f.x\t tlUf
'»;?•» Slli, Li»er«i«r-s Tiur, lathra^
8torxtoo 'TiIS*
*»i3«* San Jimw, I.Stermorr. SUicktou,
2.i!. e. M.ri,n-i,in r!.icT»l:!».
M .ry«»!!> . lAeo. l:«l IllulT MiSSr
I •«!«•» OakiLtir. Chinese. .iot>nr*. C*tt«»... •lil.*»r
•l»r««»* lUyvar^a. Siinnna W»» iU!liin«.MIi««
**:«** Lr« AarrlM E.xyrcs> — M«rtl:i«i.
Tt3C>. k,*Vttn- t .. rltuckSuo. M«'«"d
1 9rew«< ami Lcs Acfio'es Tjl-tp
I 'IO;«o» Thr D»-tU>.-i :.t ¦.¦::-!'.-< > t den. D«n-
m. liman*.Uu«jii... *«>43r
, 'll:lio» NU ~. SUx^tcu. *4«crunrBU>, ?.Teo-
dcte. Fnsco. llsttford, VI»»i!*,
; l>unrrit'.ie MiISp
¦ '1 l:O»4 LWurui'"-" s**crv. GosB»n Joas>
tl«>c. E.Kmii-;.!. Ion Aujtle*
MtMr Haenmriiu. Knw Steimn tSt«**
•3:«>»r H >jw«r.:-. Nihrsand »'»j SJtatinu. ••1»«^»
•Irtln- Mullint, -v«il lUiuon, V«ilfjo.
B*Sa, r«TT-1i»si. %t:ta Uon *0ttS»
•<i«»f lt-:m-ii. Wir.fer*. Rsctsm«nlow
V, ,»...:/,,,,!. l...t k lita l^uUIug.
N^Tr«*IH<>. «»m»llte ,«— •!•:*»»
•Ii3»f Itiyw-irdi. .NUmiMid HuJm t*'<*A
'3sA»r Ni <•» ].:««ici'« »t:d Slorktaa *IO»I3\
«5:0;ir 5:i ?<•. Ltafatl. El Pm». Sow
«»r'?»' « a- 1 £a*t e!0il5»
•r»:««p "T ¦- o«t IJwitnd— Trxcy. tir» ,o.
lU«sninel-l. Saugvn for t»:H» t.tt-
' b*rm. I- * An«-li 'lOil-i.
i 'J:«itp X« nil w EtrMl- |; >'*n' : " ;j .
MirU tl. .•'¦«?», l.r-1 Anr»!e*. IVu-
in-.. Kl 1*kio, 5a* Urieans sud
r.»s *r.«t»,
¦ 'Aintr KuieuiK Ni:«iuHl!lu Jott *?!•--*«
j t*»«»r \»!ii-i.. •• Irifli
• •<ktO»r «»»;.>i;:iil Man—Ojilea. Cheyenne.
i «>maha> rbio*2o »atl3»
••.•©•rOrswul Mali-Ojdea, Deoter.
OTUli.*. Cli'.run 'Iil3p
I SlOOMI-^,:, »,;,-. fAllfnmH Kx|TM».*aO-
I».,:n..«.,. M iri.riilu. ICmi.lIllK.
I'.,- ¦>....!. Iv..;.-'. .Smm.l ••'•• Ka»k *S«13a
•* : «."»r 8«n P»b'.a f^tl i.'.mu. Uutian
, «.,..•.;»> KUtlons *ll:-l»4
j inittar vsii-jn..^ »iit43».
' (O»M I>1 VISION flTTSjSl tlBMlX
¦ (F»-i»>-f H.rkct street. »
, *B>l3 4Nenw:k.«><i > .>«T::>?,M«ai.lus«.Pi>':on,
C m;.:« <f. t :...s*ntaCfiiz -i.J VV*»
Mlll'a.l ••ltDr
{ t*>>ar Nowxtk. reMtoTTttle. Man J, ¦«,. :,>»
Alun.Icn. Kr.tun. llwnlder Oresk,
: %wu Ona sad I'daciml Wsi
Stltllon* fl«|.t«t
MitSp Nmrsrk. KnuJm*. LnaGstas *S^"»»«
*l l:l', P Hanun' Kx?un!oa, 3aa Joss sad
w»jStx:ion» t~***T
CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
! rrmSll riUCiSCO— fi«l tl l,(i,\ S.rnw.s.;} li —
•7:15 9.00 11.00*. u. fl:C3 "3 33 tl.M
frini UUH5S — 'jjt t'2i,,i,.r.— 'tl.OQ 8:00 10.01*.-.
tX3:83 *IJS3 t2:33 »3.:3 tt:CJ •»>.»,
COiXt DltCUffil (Droai)<i*M«n).
(Third »:<d To^rnsan.! Su) ¦
to*'** (jemmn Vlow. 8o*uh .-»*« VraiMdnco.. fil:.li>F
»7:»o* San Jom »..l v, * y Stai... % (Na*
Almatlen W*ln«M<i«i» onlj) •lilOr
•»>••* Man Jim*. Tres Pliios. thmU Cm*.
r»-li!o Urote. 1'*$ . UuMe*. M.o
l.«iU 4»U«imv ruiif. t-'"p^- atut
liiiHSlpal Wa» Olatlnii* *4>l*r>
•I«s4«* Saa J»sa and Way Utatlou* ....... *«i3-t»
•1 !»:««»» M«» Jnm ami '.',.» HteClons •St3Op
tVHSrSan tlHtsu lt»awpo), Menlo Till.
Fklo llto. MDUCItrt. Man Jwml
Tt«s Fines. Manta (.'to, Haitnaa.
XIoii--er«j *imI raeIHa firors tl*<S*4
-t»il«*r Ban Jnee and Way SUlkNtu *7i3i»p
fi:l.1r ManJoMaixtrrineipal Wa 7 Station* *»:I3*
t5:0«r .-440 Jom, Los Gatea sad rrinclpil
Waj statlooa ?»:•«»
¦StXOr SuJmoh.1 Principal Way Station* •«:.15»
j •Os.iOr 8»n J<ik ami Wa» Stations t5:«-» A
! «lli4ar S«n Jo«»»iiU Way Slalom «7:3'>f
A for Mominf . P tot A f terooon.
•Pm!ly ?s, l n.1»rex»«Pt-d. : Su.4af U4-
, r llondays. Wedsesdayi. Fridays.
, • To>ad*yi. Tlnuwiajs. Uaadajs. *
i »b*aiid»/ onlj,
! CALlFOfiMA N3j.TBW£ST£BN RY. eO.
LESSEE
SAN FRANCISCO AND HORTH PACIFIC
RAILWAY COMPANY.
TIBUROX FERRY— FOOT Or MARKET ¥T.
San Francisco to San Raiael.
WEEK DATS— T:30. 9:00. U:C0 a. ra.; 12:35. 1:*).
5:lu. 6:30 p. m. Thursdays— Extra trip- at 11:3-)
p. m. Saturdays— Extra trips at V.io and
ST,NT)AY5-^:C0. »:K). U:0O a. m.; 1:30. 3:30. »:00.
<:20 p. m.
San Rafael to San Franclmco.
WEEK DATS-«:10. 7:50, »:23. U:10 a. Da.; 12:45.
S:*% 5:10 p. m. Saturdays— Extra trips at 1:»5
and <:33 p. m.
EUNDATS-8a0. f:«. XI: 10 a. m.; 1:40. 3:40. J:OS.
&.2S p. ra.
Between 8an Francisco asd Schuetzea Park.
same schedule as abova.
Leave I In Effect 1 Arrive.
gan Francisco, f Sor. 7. 1900. | San Francisco.
Week I Sun- J J Sun- I Weelc
Days. | days. [ Destination. | days. | t>aya.
T:3iJ in! !:C'i »n| Novato. 10:4<> amj S:40 am
1:30 pm 9:39 am Petaluma. «:C5 pra 10:25 am
6:10 pa; 5^'pmj Santa Rosa. 7:35 pa»! t:3pn>
Fulton. I
7:39 am Windsor. I 10:23 am
K-alJsbur?-. J
Lytton. I
Geyservllle. I
3:20 prai 8:33 am Cloven!ai«. | 7:35 pm <:23 pm
7:30 am! j HopUr.d j I
I 8:00 ami aad UTctan. [ 7:3S pra| %-J3 pin
7:20 ami 10:25 am
I 8:00 am Gueraerllle. 7:33 pm
3:30 rm| %:O pm
7:30 am! S:C0amt Sonoma I »:15 am t:4Aam
I I and * I
S:T0 pm| 5 :C0 pm! Glen EHen. I 4:05 pm «:53 pin
7:30 ami 8:C0am! ' 1X0:40 am!10:» am
3:3) pml S:CO pmf Sehastopol. f 7:35 pml 1:23 pm
Stages connect at Santa Rosa (or Mark Wast
Springs and White Sulphur Spring's: at Fulton
for Altruria: at Lytton for Lytton Springs: it
Geyservllle for Skaggs Springs; at Cloverdala
for the Geysers; at Hopland fcr Duncan
Sprlsg-9. Highland Sprtnga. KelseyvUl0. Carls-
bad Splines. Soda Bay. Lakeport and B&rtlett
Springs; at Uktah for Vichy Springs. Saratoga
Springs. Blue Lakes. Laurel Dell Lake, Wlttsr
Springs. Upp^r Lake, Porno. Potter Valley.
John Day**. Riverside. Llerteya, Buc<cn»I!'4.
Sanbedrin Heights, Hullvllle. Orr's Hot Sorlncs.
Uendoclno City. Fort Bngg. "West port. Usat.
WUlets. Laytonvtle. Cbmmlon, Ball's dpriaj*.
Harris, Olsens. Dyer. Scotia and Eureka.
Satorday to Monday roaati-trip tickets at re-
duced rates.
On Sundays, round-trip tickets to all points
b-vond San Rafael at half rates.
Ticket ofSce. 630 Market St.. Chronicle build-
ing. R. X. RTAX.
H. C. WHITING. Gen. Pass. Art.
Gen. Maaa;»r.
NORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD.
Via Sousallto f"erry.
Commencing September 30. 1309.
FROM SAX FRA.VC1SCO TO MILL VALLEY
AXD SAX RATAEU
WEEK DATS-*:55. "9:13. U^» a. m.. "trtS.
3:15. 4:0C, 5:15. *«:1S. «:40 p. n.
EXTRA TRIPS— For Mill Valley sa-1 Saa
Rafael on Mondays, Wedneadaya and Sat-
urday* at >:00 and 11:33 p. m.
SUXDATS— •3:00. nO:CO. »ll:S0 a. nx. 1:13.
3:15. «<l:*5. «:S3. »:«0 l>. ra.
Trains narked <*) rnn to San Quentin.
FROM SAN" RAFAEL, TO SA>f FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS-«:»), »«:30. 7:«. 1:30 a. m..
12:30. 1:C. '1:3^ 4;S0. 8:» p. m.
1 EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays. Wednesday!
asd Saturdays at t:43 and 10:20 p. m.
SUNDAYS- <:20. •S:0O. *10:00. -12:45 a. m..
«l:«0. «2:15. 4:45. *«:30 p. m.
Trains marked <•) start from San Quentln.
FROM MILL VALLET TO SAX FRAXCISCO.
WEEK DAYS-«;4S. CMJ, 7:56. 9:30 a. m,
12:25. 2:10. 3:30, 4:51. 6:20 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS oa Mondays. Wednesdays
and Saturdays at 7:10 and 10:20 p.. ra.
SUNDAYS- »:C5. 10:05 a. m.. 12:05. t;15, I:30l
6:C0. t:C P. n.
THROUGH TRAIX&
1:33 a. m. week days— Cazadero and way na-
tions.
1:43 p. m. Saturdays — Tomales and way sta-
tions.
8.-<H) a. m. Sundays— Tomales and way sta-
tions.
Santa Fe
Trains— Da»y
Le*vt MartMt-«trt«t Terry Depot.
Lv«. Ran Francisco. 3:C0 a mj4:10 p m| t^0 » m
Arr. Stockton 11:3a p m 7:15 P m 11:05 p no
" Merc«4 ........ *:4J p m — — 1:» a n»
•* Fr«no ........ 4:W p m l:i* a ra
** Vlaalla 1:00 p m « :50 a m
•* Tular* «:23 p m »:10 a m
" Hanlord «J3pm 7:C< a m
*• Bakersfletd ... »:S» P m 7:30 a a
•* Dentaf ..--...« 10:00 a m
~ Kintu City 5:15 p an
*• Chicago 7:4J a m
I a. m. triln la the Overland Exprm. Corrs»
¦ponding train arrives at • p. in. dally.
4 Ut p. m. Is Stockton LocaL Corr«iponJtri«
tnln arrives U:Ci s. m. daliy.
8:00 p. in. Is Fresno and BalcrsCetd Bxpr«-M»
with SIe«ptnr Cars for both cities. CorrespcaJ-
but train arrives at » a. tn. dally.
- OFFICES— <« Market it. and In Ferry Dn»«*
ff^ n Frmadaco: 1US Broadway. Oakland.
y^^k Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
, JU<Ts»qH fi--^ HEARST ST. lCiUhUsaed
SJ*nPStV''» l^** for the treatmrut «f l>Tlvah>
M / ?a *i9mT Dfcw«»«s. Lost Manhood. Debility or
fiffla-'-'-jSft H«»v«- hody&Dil nilml and
SJH^S^CSB^feln Dis'Mses. fiie Doctor enr-« wh»n
Jtll fiffiS iitli '' r8 fa "' >rr y hizu - i'iu'sm low.
rSMgLIJ*a;< are* a; oam wired. Callorwril*.
Dr. J. F. «IBBO>. bau Frandvo. C»4
BIDS WANTED-Nctice is hereby nv ea tnat
eealed proposals will be received by tht Board
of Directors of the Veterans' Home of Call
fornia. at its office, room 13. 320 Sansom*.
San Francisco. Cal.. up to 10:30 o'clock"^ %'
SATURDAY. December S. 1900. and o%S5d
immediately thereafter in the presence of bid
ders, for furnishing and delivering quarter
master and commissary supplies for the Vet
erans' Home Xapa County. Cal. (railroad eta-
tion Yonntvllle). for six months commencing
Janury 1. l«i. and ending June 30, 1M1 SchiS
u!es with information and instruction* for
submitting bids will be furnished upon annli
cation by the underflsned. Bidders will cari*
rully follow th» conditions of the scheihflee"
and no bid will be considered unless it li in
accordance with euch schedules. Each Wder
must accompany his bid with a certified, check
upon »tm<! well-known and responsible bank
ing house for at least 10 per cent of tht,
amount of his bid. payable to C. Mason
Kinne. treasurer.- conditioned that the bidder
will enter into a g->od and valid contract uoon
notice of acceptance an required by law The
board reserves the r!*ht to reject any or all
b!ds and to order any quantity over or under
the amount sr*cifled. "
Address J. J. F<X>VILLE, Secretary Board
of Directors of the Veterans' Home of Cali-
fornia, room 1J, 2T0 Sansome st.. San Fraa-
cisco, Cal. By order of the Board of Direc-
tory J. J. SCOVIIXK. Secretary.
PHOPOSALS.
TOUNO MEN'S CATHOLIC UNION— A re-
quiem high mas* for the repose of the souls
of deceased members- of the Young Men's
Catholic Union will be celebrated In St.
Mary'e Cathedral at 10 o'clock, to-morrow
(Thursday). The relatives and friends of
deceased members are respectfully Invited to
attend. /
GTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Thursday), at 10 o'clock, from the parlors
of the Pacific Undertakers. 777 Mission street,
near Fourth. Interment Laurel Hill Ceme-
tery.
CThe remains of the deceased father will
be placed In the chapel of tho Gentleman's
Sodality this day (Wednesday), at * o'clock,
and will b« brought to the cfturch on Thurs-
day evening, where the office of the dead will
be recited at 8:30 o'clock. The funeral will
take place on Friday, at 9 o'clock. Interment
at Santa Clara.
WILSON- In this city. November tt, 1900.
James D. 'Wilson, aged 60 years. A member
of the Boilermakers' Union Lodge No. 72,
Portland, Or. . (Portland, Or., papers pleas*
copy.)
Hay and th« late Dr. "William Gilbert Hay.
a native of San Francisco, aged 33 years k
months and 25 days.
/T S7L Th * funeral will take place this day
(TV ednesday), at 2 o'clock, from tha parlors
. or th« California Undertaking Company. 405
fowell street, near Post. Interment private.
HAYES— To-morrow (Thursday), at 9 o'clock,
a ir.onth'B mind requiem ma m will be cele-
brated in Sacred Heart Church, corner of
Fell and Fillmore streets, for the reposs of
the soul of the late Aleck Hayes.
HURD— i a sa n Jooe> November 25. 1900, Charles
£... beloved son of Charles and Jane Hurd,
and brother of Mra. "William, Lyon and Nellie
Hurd. a native of San Francisco, ased 28
years 6 months and 25 days.
t-Jr Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Wednesday), at it o'clock, from the residence
of his parents, 343 Grove street, thence to St.
Mary's Cathedral, where a requiem high mass
will be celebrated for the repose of his bou]
at 9:3.) o'clock. Interment Holy Cross Cema-
ter;-.
KOCH— la this city. November 27, 1900, John
Koch, a native of Switzerland, aged S3 years.
ETTrtends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Wednesday), at 2 o'clock, from the parlors
of H. F. Suhr & Co. 1137 illiflon street, -be-
tween Seventh and Eighth. Interment Laurel
Hill Cemetery.
LUCAS— In Alameda. November 27. 1900. Mary
Lucas, beloved wife of the late William
Lucas, and mother of Mrs. George Graham,
a native of Ireland, aged T2 yearn.
O'HALLOHAN— In Oakland. November 2«, 19C0,
Maunce O'Halloran. beloved son of the late
Michael O'Halloran and Mrs. Ellen Redden,
and brcthtr of William J.. Frank. Minnie and
John O'Halloran. a. native of Oakland. Cal..
aged 21 years 10 months and 18 days.
C7Friend» and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral thi» day
(Wednesday), at S:30 o'clock, from his late
residence, 1CS7 Eighth street, thence to St.
Patrlclf s Church, where a requiem mass -will
be celebrated for the repose of his oouL com-
rr.*jpcir.g at 9 o'clock. Interment St. Mary's
Cemetery, Oakland.
PILMAN— Ia this city. November 26. 1900. Ida.
beloved wife of Andrew Pllman. and rleco
of Abraitam GUsler. a native of New York
State, ared 27 years.
CTTrtends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Wednesday), at 2 o'clock, from the funeral
parlors o f Theofier IWerks. undertaker. »57
Mission street, between Fifth and Sixth. In-
terment Laurel Hill Cemetery.
SCORE— In this city, November 27, 1900, James,
beloved husband of Dtlia. Score, a native of
• Ireland, aged 72 years 10 months and 15 days.
VARSI— In this city, at St. Ignatius College,
November 2T. 1K». Rev. Aloyslus Varsi, S. J.,
a ratlve of Italy, aged 71 years S months and
IS days.In tho arrest of th» three men and Louis
Smith, a saloon-keeper on th» -w»t»r
front, who was charged with reeelvtna;
stolen property.
The 'Amateur? To-Night
The amateur show at the Chutes takes
place to-night instead,' of to-morrow night.
Special features are star, amateurs and a
fat ladles' tug-of-war. ' ..... .
O. K. Olson, a sailor; S. S. Sunborg,
sallmaker, and Harry Smith, sailor on the
British ship Crocodile, were arrested yes
terday morning by Detective Cody and
booked at the City 'Prison on the charge
of burglary. The ship Is lying at the
Union-street wharf almost ready to sail
and the captain, William Wilson, noticed
that the storeroom had been entered. and
twenty *ses of salmon valued at JSO had
been stolen. He notified the police and
Cody was detailed on the case, resulting
Sailors Steal From a Snip.
"Punk" r one of the bay pirates
arrested by detectives on Monday has
been^identlfied as. a highwayman. y s.W
Pratt of Vallejo , claims that Carr in
company with five other men. held T him
up on Missouri street last Saturday nisht
and after beating him - severely took J5
from -him. Carr will have, additional
charges placed against him to-day Tha
the^ldu ar ° l00kJng fOr hl9 P^ers in
Identified as Highwayman.
Fast Time.
The express steamers Queen and Santa
Rosa are making very fast time between
San Francisco and Los Angeles and other
southern coast ports. The Queen ar
rived In San . Francisco . last trip only
twenty-four hours- from Port Los Ange^
The action by, which Mrs. Annie J.
Pronk seeks i to recover from the estate
of the late Jesse Sheldon Potter for ser
vices rendered as a nurse is about ready
for . the deliberations : of the Jury. ; Tho
case may bo submitted for decision to
day. The prosecution rested when the
case was. called at the opening of the
morning session, and the defense opened.
Alice Kennedy, the first witness, testified
as to the: ability of the patient to sell
wine to customers when she was' an in
mate . of Olga t w Evans' i Ellis-street resort.
Dr. Alfred Lamithe. Calvin Of H.vMc-
Brlde. Harry B. Cheney, H. A. Van
Coenen Torchiana. Henry Spreen and
Edward W. Potter all testified that they
saw the deceased during the period the
plaintiff alleges he was ill, and all agreed
that ; he ; did not complain to ; them*- about
any . permanent illness t or , manifest ; any
symptoms of serious illness.
Say Potter Was Not HI.
"We are wasting the time of the prop
erty owners and of the Spring Valley of
ficials," said Reed. "This Investigation is
a farce so far as It has gone; we should
take it up seriously."
Brandensteln, who was In the chair,
ruled that there could be no Investigation
without a quorum and the meeting then
adjourned.
Reed attempted to have the board pro
ceed with the Investigation even, though
there was no quorum. . .
The Board of Supervisors again failed
to get a quorum last nlgh't for the pur
pose of investigating, the value of the
Spring Valley Water Company's property
with a view to fixing the water rates for
next year. Only seven Supervisors put
in an appearance — Brandensteln, Braun
hart, Comte, Connor, D'Ancona, Reed and
Wilson. . ' ¦
in S Inquiry Into Spring Valley
Company's Property Values.
Supervisors Again Fail of a Quorum
INVESTIOATION IS A
FARCE, SAYS REED
-Violent Death.
. A man believed to be 'd. C. Wilson vwas
found Crowned yesterday morning in two
feet of .water. in the basement of a build
ing in course of .erection on Beale street
between Mission and Howard. The build
ing was being erected by Thomas Butcher
contractor, who resides at 4150 Twentieth
street. Mr. Butcher had erected a barri
cade in front of the abasement to prevent
drunken' men'^and other- careless persons
from falling, into it. ! Wilson evidently
crawled under the barricade.. probafcly to
sleep,. and' fell Into, the water^ where his
body was discovered- early vesterrinv
morning by Charles HadleyVthe^oreman
, On the person of the .dead man was
found a certificate from the Boiler-mak
ers 1 Union No. 72 of Portland. Oregon is
sued last ¦ September. An autopsy* by
Morgue Surgeon Leland showed that Wil
son had been drowned, and that he was
hiordinately addicted to the use of alco-
D. C. Wilson of the Portland (Or.)
Boiler-Makers' . Union Meets
DROWNS -IN TWO FEET OF
. WATER WHILE INTOXICATED
At the recent '¦ election California gave
the Republican ticket a majority, approx
imately, of forty, thousand.: Indications
are that this State two years hence will
elect a Republican ; Governor and another
Republican Legislature. Yet if the in
coming Legislature should be caught ,' in
the snares and traps of scheming railroad
lawyers and fail to foster the interests of
the commonwealth, the fruits of a mag
nificent victory, would; be lost...
Give the people an honest primary law
and they, will choose delegates, to nomin
ating, conventions who will nominate the
right kind of men for. State offices. The
custom of drawing a salary from the State
treasury while working for the Southern
Pacific will be abolished. ;>>.<, Yi?v
teen hundred votes behind his ticket. The
people arose in their majesty, and cast
ing aside party restraints, rebuked th»
bosses and the railroad. .
The Rev. Aloyslus "Varsi, one of the
pioneer members of the. Society of Jesus
in California, died last evening at 5 o'clock
In the magnificent Hayes-street home of
the society, which he was instrumental in
building. The magnificent pile known as
St. Ignatius College, located on Van Ness
avenue, Hayes, Franklin and Grove
streets. Is a lasting monument to his
labors in the cause to which he devoted
his life work, extending over a period of
more than half a century.
Of all the Jesuit fathers who did so
much to advance the cause of Catholicity
and education on the Pacific Coast Father
Varsi stood most prominent. . It was due
to his persistent efforts that St. Ignatius
Church and College have attained the
prominent positions they now occupy.
Father Varsi became, a .member, of. the
Society of Jesus In the College, of Baiita
Teresa. Cagllari. Island of Sardinia, on
May 2, 1843, he then being 16 years of age.
Noted for his early piety and Inclination
toward the deeper sciences, he followed
his desires ancl entered promptly after his
novitiate the College of St Michaels In
his native town. He then went to Turin,
Italy, and continued his studies. ¦
As the time approached for his ordina
tion he was sent to the best theological
schools In France, studying In Toulouse
and Valse. and then went to the Univer
sity of Pari3, where he continued his theo
logical studies for two years longer. He
taught school at Brugieres and lxmvian.
from which latter place in Belgium came
a number of the most noted members of
the Catholic clergy of this State.
After his ordination Father Varsi was
sent by his superior to Boston, where he
taught physics and chemistry for two
years. He was later transferred to George
town College, Washington, D. C. Then
the demands of the California mission
necessitated his coming to this coast and
he was transferred to Santa Clara Col
lege and later to St. Ignatius College -of
this city. While at Santa Clara College
Father VarBi designed and built the col-'
lege theater, which Is said by experts to
be one of the finest in its acoustics and
seating properties attached to any college "
His labors at Santa Clara College for
nine years brought him to San Francisco.
St. Ignatius College was then on Market
street, between Fourth and Fifth,
and when an- advantageous offer to sell
was made Father VarBi successfully con
ducted the negotiations, and under his di
rection the present home of the Society of
Jpsus was erected. \ He was made provin
cial superior of the society in 1S77, and
held that exalted ¦ position for more than
five years. He also filled many other po
sitions in the. order, besides engaging in
much of the charitable work.
In later yearB he prepared quietly for
the inevitable. On Monday morning
Father Varst celebrated an early mass
retired to his- room-and-dled there yester
day afternoon, surrounded by his fellow
workers in the society. He. closed his ca
reer after, fifty-five years of earnest and
conscientious labofs, loved by all who
knew -^ him and endeared to his brother
priests by a life of self-sacrificing devo
tion.
The remains of the deceased father will
be placed Inthe chapel of the Gentlemen's
Sodality this afternoon at 2 o'clock, and
will -be. brought to the church to-morrow
evening, where the office of the dead will
be recited at 8:30 o'clock. The funeral will
take place on Friday at' 9 o'clock. Inter
ment will be at Santa Clara.
The Rev. Father Varsi of the Society of Jesus and One of
the Pillars of St. Ignatius Dies at Advanced Age.
LONG CAREER IN THE SERVICE
OF CHRIST REACHES ITS CLOSE
The members of Local Union No. 151.
International Brotherhood of Electrical
Workers, who constitute a large majority
of the linemen employed by the telephone
company and the various electric light
companies of San Francisco, have decided
to go out on a strike on December 1 If
their demands for a shorter workday and
Increased pay are not granted.
They ask for a day of eight hours and
uniform wages of *3 per day. At present
they work ten hours and are paid wages
varying from Jl 50 to $3 23.
The Pacific States Telephone Company
employs a larger number of linemen In
San Francisco than any other corpora
tion. The others affected are the San
Francisco Gas and Electric Company,
Mutual Electric Light Company and In
dependent Electric Light and Power Com
pany. None of them have made any di
rect response to the demands of the union,
and unless the linemen withdraw from
their position a strike, in which 250 men
will leave their employment must result.
The union makes minor demands con
cerning pay for overtime. They ask for
"time and a half" for work up till mid
night, and "double time" for work after
midnight and on Sundays and holidays.
President Sabln of the telephone com
pany issued a statement yesterday to th©
employes of that corporation In which it
was asserted, among other things, that
the "terms of employment shall be dic
tated by the undersigned and no one else."
David Keefe, president of Union No. 151,
said last night that the linemen would
avoid a strike if possible.
"It is a matter of life and death with
us," Mr. Keefe said, "and we shall not
go out if treated with any consideration.
We believe our demands are Just. Our
craft Is the poorest paid of any when the
severity of the work and Its dangerous
character is considered. Only about one
Insurance company in twelve will take a
risk on one of us, and nearly all the bene
ficiary orders are closed to us. In view of
such facts, $3 per day does not seem un
reasonable."
Telephone Company Will Not
Grant Demands the Men
Have Made.
LINEMEN MAY GO
OUT ON STRIKE
MT 4 o'clock yesterday afternoon
Miss Lucle May Jackson and
Dr. Max Rothschild were mar
ried. Only the immediate
friends of the contracting
parties were present when Dr.
Hemphlll pronounced the
solemn, binding words. There were no
bridal attendants and all the details con
nected with the marriage were extremely
simple, owing to the recent death of
John P. Jackson, the bride's father.
and more of it!
o wP/ Even puch is "Die Wal-
I*B^^ kuf-rt •¦," firn number of the,
fgg_ f "Ring" trilogy and second of J
C^p/.S&r the cycle, given last night af j
the Grand Opera-house.
In "Das Rheingold" Wagner
has prone afar for his inspiration— to the
he&vens above, the earth beneath, the j
waters under the earth; but in "Die Wai- !
ku<?re" the note of an exalted humanity j
Is struck, the flush of its color felt j
through theme and story, and we are once ]
again with our own beloved kind.
Th<> house was eold out for the hearing.
A notable audience it was. reverent. In
tensely sympathetic and silently appre
ciative except at the curtain's fall, and
once In an irrepressible burst of enthu
siasm at the wild, Berseker rush of the
"Ride of the Valkyrs." It was an audience
to be proud of. Along with his other
feathered outfit — swans and things — Mr.
Grau will carry away forever with him
the mythical jay which has so long
adorned the city's coat of arms. After
last night, and. Indeed, for many last
Rights, we need fear no comparisons with
any American cities outside of Xew York,
rot even excepting Boston and the boast
ful Chicago, and that we may be put upon
Mr. Grau's regular circuit Is daily a
nearer and surer possibility. Small won
cer if we sit down and pat ourselves on
the back a little!
Of all the varying beauties of last
right's performance, from the^crowding
Impressions of sensuous and celestial
loveliness, it is almost impossible to say
which or what stands out most promi-
By Blanche Partington
nently. The glorious, swift, mad rush of
the "Valkyrs 1 ride" carried everything be
fore it. with its magnificent swing and
compelling, gripping rhythms. The wild
cry of the heavenly sisters, the satisfying
climax of their song, the tense, high level
of power held throughout, maintained to
the full the world-wide reputation of this
famous number, fairly familiar to us from
many orchestral hearings.
Then the Siegmund and Sieglinde love
theme, wholly beautiful in Its tender and
sensuous suggestion, and interwoven
with a rich arabesque of other motives
splashed here and there In scarlet, and
gold, or ominous gray, was heard with
utmost delight. The delicious "Slumber"
theme and bright hiss and roar of "The
Magic Fire" motive went with exquisitj
prace and brilliant touch, and the whole
chain of themes, woven into colossal har
monies, made fuller, purer, nobler music
than we have yet heard, even from Wag
ner himself.
The curtain rises on Hundlng*s hut, dis
covering Siegmund and Sleglinde, both
children of Wotan and first of tho new
race of heroes (Volsungs) which Is des
tined to redeem the world from the power
of gold. To them comes Hunding and
discovers his wife Siegllnde's affinity
to the hero and Siegmund's identity with
the enemy of his race. But Siegmund, a
wandering guest, has right to the night's
hospitality and it Is here, after Sleglinde's
caring for the disarmed warrior, that* trie
beautiful love-theme Is sung.
Gadski is a noble, womanly, tender Sieg-
Ilnde, developing an unsuspected tragic
power in the troublous scenes which fol
low, and showing a full capability of hold-
Ing to a high le\'el of emotion. Van Dyck
sings the Siegmund. and with all the
genius of Interpretation, fine vocal fitness
and keen sympathy with his role that has
distinguished his work throughout the
whole season.
Thf second scene Introduces Wotan and
Fricka, this time done by Mr. BIspham
and Mme. Schumann-Helnk, and a roy
p.lly convincing god and goddess they
were. Wotan, as Mr. Bispham sees him,
is a very Incarnation of, majesty, god
like, as the best of us can conceive of
the gods: and the part Is sung with a
rich dignity and fervent power than
which nothing better vocally need be
apked for. Mme. Schumann-Heink's
Fricka is of like character. Every mo
ment of her appearance is Instinct with
meaning. No need of English transla
tion for her part In the play; each ges
ture, look, expression, one may run and
read. . .
She has a voice of extraordinary ilch
ness and power, one note from end to
end. evenness itself, and uses it with de
lightful ease. It occurs to one, by the
way, .as the irate and Jealous Fricka
gives Wotan several pieces of her royal
mind, that the gods have troubles of their
own. and that, cm the whole, they are
an amusingly incompetent, helpless
crowd.
¦ In the second act also appears Brunn
hilde. last night and throughout the
"Ring" Mme. Xordlca. The part nts the
artist like her coat of mail.
An heroic figure she is, brilliant, stately,
yet withal womanly, as' she pities the un
fortunate Volsungs. This is the real
Xordlca. and the part is an inspiration.
Mr. Blass gave us a good Hundlng, and
the Valkyr parts were sung by Schumnnn-
Heink, Van Cauteren, Baumeister, Homer.
Scheff. Marylli, Olitzka and Bridewell.
Damrosch was in best form last night,
the orchestra did Its most, pave In a lit
tle slack rhythm- In the violins In "The
Valkyr Ride," and the scenic machinery
was something to wonder at.
To-night the third number of the cycle,
"Siegfried," will be given, and it begins,
for the information of many, at 7:45 by
Grau time, which has acquired an un
accustomed significance to our laissez
faire San Francisco ways.
FORCED TO SIGN ORDER
AT MUZZLE OF REVOLVER
Sonna Miller, a Carpenter, Makes a
Serious Charge Against a
Saloon-Keeper.
Sonna Miller, a carpenter, residing at
2708^4 Harrison street, secured a warrant
from Judge Fritz yesterday for the arrest
of M. Tiernan, a saloon-keeper at Day and
Sanchez streets, on the charge of exhibit
ing a deadly weapon In a rude and
threatening manner.
Miller said he had been working on a
building near Tiernan' » saloon and had
run up a bar bill of $1, which he intended
to pa/ as soon as the Job was finished.
Saturday Tiernan came to the building
where .Miller was working and said he
would shoot him if he did not pay tho $4
Miller thought Tiernan was joking anJ
paid no more attention to the matter, .but
yesterday Tiernan again made his appear
ance with a revolver in his hand, and
pointing It at his head, produced an or
der on the boss for J4 and threatened to
shoot him if he did not sign it. As he
was afraid of his life he signed it.
The ceremony took place in the parlor of
the Jackson home on Sutter street, which
was bright with a tasteful though un
ostentatious arrangement of American
Beauty roses.
The bride wore a simple gown of white
Swiss and in her hair was a sprav of
natural orange blossoms, sent from Napa
Soda Springs.
After the ceremony Dr. and Mrs.
Rothschild left for/ Monterey, where ths
honeymoon will be- spent. On their re
turn they will make their home at the
Richelieu.
DR. MAX ROTHSCHILD AND MISS LTJCIE JACKSON. WHO WERE
• WEDDED YESTERDAY, THE CEREMONY BEING A QUIET ONE
BECAUSE OF THE RECENT DEATH OF THE BRIDE'S FATHER.
ERN'EST VAX DTCK IX THE ROLE OF SIEGMUXD. WHICH HE
SANG WITH MARKED SUCCESS LAST EVENING IN THE PRO
DUCTION OF "DIE WALKUERE."
"When the issue is directly, made between
the bosses and- the people— between the
citizens and the railway, corporations— the
result is victory for the people. -Recent
ly in the Forty-first Assembly; District Hj
C. Dibble, who was known - as Herrin's
chief stand-by in the Legislature, ran alx-
Give the people an opportunity to elect
their representatives to nominating con
ventions and they will embrace the oppor
tunity to nominate and elect a -" State
Board of Equalization that will assess
railroad property as; the constitution di
rects, and not as Herrin decrees.
It is a 'known fact that the present
Railroad Commission is nothing- but an
adjunct of the law department of the
Southern Pacific. ,
Give the people the protection of _ law
In contests for the election of delegates
to a nominating convention and they will
take care of themselves. Appointed con
ventions and delegations chosen by the
free and easy methods of the old fash
ioned wide-open primary generally regis
ter the will of the boss. Give the people a
primary law and they will see to the nom
ination and election of Railroad Commis
sioners who will . reduce freight rates on
merchandise from San Francisco to the
Interior and on products from the interior
to San Francisco.
Surely the Legislature should take no
chances in accepting a primary law
framed in the councils of the railway cor
poration. The bill should be framed by
members of the Legislature. It should
represent the Judgment of able, honest
and intelligent men chosen by the people
to make laws. The committee or Joint
committee having charge of the measure
should Invite the views of men learned in
the law. The committee should be com
posed of the ablest representatives of both
political parties, as the legislation pro
posed is purely non-partisan and for the
benefit of all the people, irrespective of
party affiliation.
, A lawyer in the office of Code Commis
sioner W. C. Van Fleet prepared the suit
to overthrow the Stratton act. Informa
tion comes to The Call that a well-known
lawyer-politician is framing a new pri
mary law and paying frequent visits to
\V. F. Herrin to obtain suggestions on the
subject from the law department of the
Southern Pacific. Scheming lawyers in the
service of the corporation may endeavor
to insert some provision or requirement
In the new law which will invite another
adverse decision from the court. Many
good citizens deplored the decision which
set aside the Stratton act. not simply be
cause the protection to voters which the
law accorded was taken away, but chiefly
because confidence In the Judgment of a
high tribunal Beemed In danger of being
impaired.
The so-called Stratton primary law
which passed the Legislature two years
ago met the wants of the people, but the
Supreme Court found a way to set It aside
as unconstitutional. Extreme care should
be taken in the enactment of a primary
law for the future to prevent the Intro
duction of a Joker.
Aided by a good primary election law
the people can force Herrin and his under
lings out. of politics. The important duty
of framing a law for the election of dele
gates to nominating conventions will come
before the next Legislature. In the first
place it is essential that the representa
tives of the people — not the agents of the
railroad — shall organize the Legislature.
In the Senate and in the Assembly the
Republicans are dominant and the issue
Is squarely up to the Republican party.
California can never attain the measure
of Industrial prosperity which her re
sources and position entitle her to receive,
until the leech-like incubus of the rail
road is thrown off. The Southern Pacific
would be vastly better oft from a dividend
earning and business point of view If the
company were out of politics. Confisca
tion of railroad property is not threatened.
The ghost of the sand lot no longer stalks
at the Legislature. Farmers, merchants
and business men of the State have no
inclination to "cinch" the Southern Pa
clflc. On the contrary, they would like
to see increased traffic. Improved service
and greater facilities for handling the
legitimate business of the road. The con
ditions are favorable to the establishment
of good relations between the people and
the .corporation.
In truth Herrln's political bureau, es
tablished by the power and prestige of
the Southern Pacllic, is a menace to the
commonwealth. It would be dangerous In
the extreme if Herrin wee a strong, ag
grespive and resourceful man, but he Is
vacillating and Irresolute, wasting much
of the power ihat he might exert. Still
the fact presents itself that many agents
in the active service of the railroad's po
litical bureau are on the payroll of tho
State or Federal Government. They draw
pay from the people and work for the
road. They have the notion that the com
pany can keep them In public office, and
therefore acknowledge allegiance to the
corporation and hold the public in con
tempt.
Of course, the little bupybodies who
do nasty politics for the bureau greatly
magnify the importance of Herrin. The
clever manipulators in the political arena
designate him as a lobster in politics. It
Is generally conceded, however, that he
can do pretty much as he wills with the
Railroad Commission, the State Board of
Equalization and the office of Collector
of United States Internal Revenue and
that several State officers make haste to
do the bidding of the bureau. To gain
the favor of the Southern Pacific they ne
glect their duties to the State as readily
as John C. Lynch neglects his Federal
duties.
In the council of the railroad underlings
the talk goes that President Hays would
hardly dare to issue an order to close the
political bureau of the law department, as
Herrin would question the decree and
threaten to place the interests of the com
pany at the mercy of rapacious politi
cians. **
Moreover, the claim is put forward that
Herrin is so strongly intrenched in power
that the new president, if minded to dis
turb him. could not safely dislodge him.
It is contended by the superserviceable
agents of the bureau that Herrin will be
able to show, when the time comes to
play his hand, that he personally controls.
Independent of the corporation, .the Slate
Board of Railroad Commissioners, the
State Board of Equalization, several
minor State ofllcers, one important Fed
eral office with a long line of deputies,
several lights of the Judiciary and a
bunch of State Senators and Asembly
men.
Agents of the Southern Pacific Com
pany's political bureau in California are
spreading the rumor that Charles M.
Hays, the new president of the corpora
tion, will be compelled to retain the bu
reau and keep \V. F. Herrln as its chief
manager. It is not asserted that Mr.
Hays is anxious to mix in political af
fairs at the expense of the company'3
business, but the argument is advance:!
that Uerrin has acquired advantages that
the corporation dare .not surrender.
State and Federal Officers Draw Pay
From Public Treasury and Work
for the Southern
Primary Election Law Will
Force the Railroad Out
of Politics.
TIME TO PUT
HERR1N ON THE
RETIRED LIST
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, NOVEMBER 28, 1900.
Wagner Strikes Note of Exalted Hu
manity in Second Number of Cycle.
"DIE W0LKUERE" IS
SPLENDIDLY SUNG
Simple Ceremony Unites Dr. Roths
child and 'Miss Jackson.
QUIET WEDDING
AT BRIDE'S HOME
12
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Wondering*
about that present ? Suppose
you go down this line.
China -
Orockory
Glassware
Fnncywaro
Jardincros
Lamps— Or namont*
. Silverware
Busts— Figures
'Dinner Sets
Fish Sots
Game Sots
Onyx Tables
Cups, Saucer*
Plates, Salad
Sets, Berry
Sots, Toilet
Sots, Vases
Clocks, Steins
Everything that's Beau-
tiful for Christmas
Our Prices
Just Like Finding Money.
Great ABeflwnIimoninfta Co..
CITY STORES.
210 Grant Are., bet. Post and Suttsr.
861 Market St., opp. Powell.
I4O Sixth St. 1419 Polk St.
112 Third St. 1819 Devlsadero 8U
146 Ninth St. 2OOS Fillmore St.
3OO6 Sixteenth St. 521 Montgomery An
2516 Mission St. 32S5 Mission St.
705 Larkin St. 2732 24th St.
335 Hayes St. 52 Market St.
- 473 Haidht St.
OAKLAND STORES.
1053 Washington St 1237 Broadway.
1185 23rd Ave. 616 E. 12th 8U
I51O Seventh St.
ALAMEDA-I355 Park St.
SAN RAFAEL-B St., near Fourth.
1ST. OEItMAIlf
BILLIARD COMfA/ir,
409 Market Street,
SAN FRANCISCO.
Manufacturers of
Standard Billiard and Pool Tables,
Laser and Steam Beer Pumps.
DR.MCMLTY.
n'HISWELIrKSOWS A5DRRUABLK OLD
I 8p«daIlstcure*D!ood Poison, (Jonorrhcea.Gleet,
¦Stricture, »rm!ual Wealcnesa, Impotence and tta«tr
allied Disorders. Book on Diseants of Men, free. 1
OverMyenrVexper'ence. Terms reasonable. Hoar*. I
0U>3(!a!tr;S::3tot.S0«T'f;<i.RundaT!i,]0toI2.O>nsa> *
taUonfreeandsac redly confidential. Call or address
P. ROHGOE McXCLTT, 31. D.
2G>; Kearnym,, Han Francisco, Cal.
ADVERTISEMENTS. .
SPECIAL
DAMASK CLOTHS
THREE EXTRAORDINARY VilUES,
125 BLEACHED SATIN DAMASK TABLE CLOTHS (IrlsH
manufacture), 2 Bards wide and 3 cards long, In
Price $3.50 Each.
75 BLEACHED DOUBLE SATIN DAMASK TABLE
CLOTHS (German and Scotch manufacture), 2| uards
wide and 3 yards long, fifteen different designs.
Price $6.00 Each,
200 Dozen IRISH SATIN DAMASK NAPKINS, 25 lncnes
sauare, In the yeru newest designs.
Price $3.50 Dozen,
We have Napkins to match almost evem
design of the afcoye Tahle Cloths.
EXTRA SPECIAL.
i 150 pairs GOLDEN GATE WHITE BLANKETS, weight
full five pounds, assorted horders.
$4.50 Pair.
111. 113. 115. 117. 119. 121 POST STREET,
TrunkB &> traveling bags. Before buying ;»e«
our '.'bureau trunk." A. B. Smith Co., 128 Ellia,*
Ladles' tailor-made suits, silk skirts, fur
capes; liberal credit. M.' Rothschild. S28 Sutter.*
Attend to trifles to-day and the Impor-
tant matters will come along in due time.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Only 3 I
Days |
More: j
. of this successful half-price
sale of ready-to-wear, outing
1 and untrimmed hats — to-day. .
i Friday and Saturday (Thurs- .
[ day is a holiday).
j ; Wise women are/takinj; ad- !
] vantage of the littleness of i
, , prices this week to fill every
j .millinery need for days to!,
come. Xew, stylish, popular
; ready-to-wear hats at half the
! price you have been paying —
j half of what you will pay- next
j week, double your money's
I worth or your money back.
| V TKe
j 2idllinLexy<§
1 94? Jlarket >/tJ
v>==^ — — - — -^J
The*'DANN"RECLINIHG CHAIR ¦
A Handsome Christmas /j$!|fc*7
Easy and Comiortab'e. /£i£*?Vj2/
Price $15. Come and see It.
W. A. SCHROCK,
19 New Montgomery Street.
PAINLESS
/&&%£-&&k&>25i SO cts.
flt "*t e a clove.
"**"" W*Jr~" tiS^ GEA rx STREET
Between Hrd* aad Larkin.
Telephone Polk 1US. - ..