the Bank of Santa Cruz County,
the Santa Cruz Bank of Savings and Loan
and some of the most prominent men in
the town has created a stir which is with
out parallel in the history of the city.
Tho merits of the case are of course a
matter of judicial inquiry, which is now
In progress before Superior Judge Smith,
who is esteemed to be one of the most
learned and able jurists on the Superior
bench in California.
The accusations which are made in
Grover's complaint against ex-Lleutenant-
Governor William t T. Jeter, ex-Superior
Santa Cruz is Astir Over Its Legal Sensation and the Con
test Which Involves the Names of Prominent Men.
The Ex-Lieutenant-Governor 'and His Associates Deny
Grovers Grave Allegations^ of Fraud and Conspiracy.
JETER DENOUNCES THE
CHARGES AGAINST HIM
Maxwell to-day promised the labor men
that all of the 2300 fraudulent naturaliza
tion papers Issued during the last six
months to Japanese would at once be re
voked, and with cheers the crowd declared
that the Asiatics would be driven out of
the country. Both political parties admit
to-night that the Introduction of the race
cry of the English against the French by
Sir Charles Tupper was the primary
cause of the defeat of the Conservative*
here. It is a blow at the Introduction of
religious strife in the campaija.
VANCOUVER, B. C. Dec. 6.— After one
of the most bitterly fought campaigns
ever seen here, the Liberal govern
ment was sustained to-day by the elec
tion of Rev. George R. Maxwell to repre
sent Vancouver In the House of Commons
at Ottawa. Maxwell's majority in Van
couver city alone was 740. An attempt
was made to poll the votes of recently
naturalized Japanese, but the plan was
abandoned early In the day. Not a Jap
anese showed himself at the election
booths, although the courts a week ago
decided that 2000 of the Japanese cou!J
legally exercise the franchise as British
subjects on election day. The returning
officer, however, gave instructions that no
Japanese would be allowed to vote, and
if any of the Orientals had come within
sight of the polls a riot would In all prob
ability have occurred. At 4 o'clock this
morning a special messenger from Jap
anese Consul General Shlmlsu visited the
Japanese lodging-houses all over the city
with instructions to the Japanese British
subjects not to attempt to vote. ; A littla
later an armed committee of the labor ex
ecutives visited the same houses' and Inti
mated that if any attempt was made by
the Japanese to vote they would simply
be killed. This advice had the effect of
keeping the Japanese Indoors, for not one
of them showed his face on the streets
during the day.
LIBERAL VICTORY.
"This suit instituted by Grover," he
said, "Is a blackmail suit I am not
the tool of Jeter," nor a dummy
director. I own the stock in the corpora
tion. It is true that in' the affairs of
Grover & Coi In relation to the banks
there have been some irregularities" arid
some mistakes, but j they have not been
serious, and ,-' I , am not ,~ responsible \ for
them. The flrm of Grover & Co. was in
solvent when : I entered it. I . received no
salary *or anything I have done for tho
"Every allegation of conspiracy, fraud
and dishonesty made in the suit is un
true. . Every charge that I have placed
dummy directors in the company Is a
falsehood and Grover knew it when he
placed the allegation in his complaint.
This suit illustrates what men must sub
mit to under our scheme of government.
A complaint In court becomes a privileged
communication, and although nothing be
proved or be offered as a subject of
proof, the person at whose' head a string
of epithet« be flung must submit.
"I again most emphatically deny that
there is the shadow of fraud In our trans
actions with Grover & Co. or that there
is the remotest element of Justice in their
claims against us. The suit is now on
trial and the court will determine the is
sues."
Logan Says the Suit Is Blackmail.
Sfx-Judge J. H. Logan, characterized in
Grover' s complaint asa dummy director
of Grover & Co. and the tool of ex- Lieu
tenant Governor Jeter, was also emphatic
in his denials.
"We did not accept a share of stock of
the corporation," he said, "in payment
for those Grover notes. There was an
adjustment and settlement of our claims,
but we did not accept stock In an insol
vent corporation in satisfaction for our
claims. This eult of Grover against the
banks is an unjust fabric of misrepre
sentations and falsehoods. .
In this disagreeable affair there is one
transaction that has aroused the greatest
bitterness on both sides. In Grover*s
complaint tho allegation is made that the
Bank of Santa Cruz County and the Santa
Cruz Bank cf Savings and Loan' released
an indebtedness of $40,000 owed by D. W:
Grover and Hannah F. Grover, and .re
ceived absolutely for the release^
except 1100 shares of worthless stock in
the corporation of Grover &. Co., which
was then insolvent. Notes representing
$19,509 G5 in indebtedness are in evidence in
tho case. They show that the Grovers
paid not a cent of interest upon them,
and that in June, 1897, they were re
leased. Including the interest with the
principal, these notes aggregated $23,260 30.
Around this sum of money particularly
the bitterest controversy In the case re
volves.
Jeter Denounces His Accusers.
When ex-Lieutenant Governor William
T. Jeter was seen to-day by The Call cor
respondent he emphatically denied that
the banks accepted or owned a share of
stock In the firm of Grover & Co.
Judge J. H. Logan and H. E. Maklnney
have startled the town. These men have
been prominent socially and profession
ally for years In Santa Cruz, and it Is nat
ural that the serious allegations made
against them should create excitement.
All parties concerned were eager to-day to
tell their story and explain their position
In the complicated litigation which has
placed reputations no less than money at
steke.
"The "case bristles /with testimony of
the ' most • astounding character, and the
foregoing j but v touches the border of the
slum. J : I deem It sufficient for the purposes
of this interview." f
"interest has been collected by ' the
bank for account of Grover & Co. and re
tained, 'and Is 'Still - retained under claim
of ownership. ¦., For lack of a more concise
term I have used the word 'dummy,' as
applied to certain directors of Grover &
Co. . Whether . such - have . acted in good
faith for^ Grover & Co. can be Judged
when the Question was asked "What do
or did you -know of the value of certain
machinery (alleged to have cost $15,000)
which"- was ¦ sold by what ¦ is - now consid
ered by i the bank a bogus bill' of 'sale, for
$3000?"' 'and the : answer '.was, to use the
terse language of the witness, which un
doubtedly-stated the fact, 'Not a d— d
thing. *,
"If is .-in evidence that the 'Farmers'
Union." a . corporation, commenced an
attachment suit. against Grover & Co.',
and 'every cent of . the costs of such. suit,
even to the traveling expenses of the
Sheriff, was paid by the bank, upon its
memorandum' check, against the account
of Grover & ;Co., and- Logan, a director
as well as treasurer of Grover & Co., ac
cepted such check as a voucher of Grover
&Co. ' ' ; .^;V;C;'"' - ¦'
I'Mr. Maklnney, the law partner of Wil
liam T. Jeter, and, incidentally, a director
of Grover & Co. has become an attorney
of the bank In two suits brought within
the past year against the corporation of
which he. Is a director, holding, I believe,
one share of its capital stock. The ex
perses of»Mr. Maklnney to : Salinas to
foreclose a mortgage against Grover &
Co*, and the costs of the suit, even to ad
vertising the sale of Grover & Co.'s prop
erty, was paid by .the, bank out of the
funds of Grover & Co., and Logan ac
cepted the memorandum check of .the
bank against his own corporation as a
voucher of Grover & Co.'s expense ac
count. \
Stone Talks About Dummies.
"The deposit' account of Grover & Co.
with the Bank of Santa Cruz County, of
which William T. Jeter is president, has
been charged with the attorneys' fees of
the bank in a suit brought by the bank
against Grover & Co. The costs of such
suit, Including attaching the property of
Grover & Co., and the expense of the
service* of papers upon J. H. Logan, Its
secretary, have been charged to Grover
& Co.'a account, and Logan has accepted
the memorandum check of the bank, cov
ering the amount, as a voucher.
"Mr. Jeter, • the president of the' bank,
now swears, In this case, that no sale was
Intended or made and that although the
bank has. ever since held the bill of sale
and sold some of the, machinery, it
was not a genuine bill of sale. About the
same time the bank took a deed to a very
large body of land from Grover & Co.,
and, having sold almost enough to recoup
for the $17,500 for which they claim it was
taken, and having , something like 1400
acres left, • consider that a genuine sale.
The bank vouchers of Grover & Co., ac
cepted from the bank by ex-Judge J. H.
Logans the secretary, treasurer and one
of the directo'rs of Grover & Co., show the
following facts, the vouchers being in evi
dence'in this case:
gage — it never was credited— the minutes
of the 'corporation were not written up for
about a year arid then failed 'to make a
correct copy " of the rough minutes.
"In June,' 1897,- 1 . in . obtaining
promissory notes from .thtr banks referred
to, held by them" and made by^p.'W. and
Hannah F. Grover, to the amount of over
130,000. For such notes, then. canceled at
the bank, in : the presence of : ; William T.
Jeter 1 . and" D.-W/; Grover, the i banks, re-
celved nothing but 1100 shares of the capi
tal '' stock ' of & •'¦ Co., ! then \ lnsblv-
The ' Story of Canceled ; Notes.
In discussing the various issues of the
case which has created such a sensation
in the town Attorney Frank M. Stone,
representing L. F. Grover, spoke to-day
as follows:
"As an attorney representing one side
of a case presently pending In court I
dislike to enter Into a discussion of : the
questions, involved therein. The Call
sought an interview with me prior to any
publication of the article under, discus
sion and I declined to make "any state
ment As the defendants interested in the
suit have sought an evening paper for
protection arid' that publication has un
necessarily and untruthfully made state
ments involving my. name I see fit upon
your further solicitation, to give you some
facts now in evidence In this case. . \ Pre
liminarily, however, . let me say' that' , I
havo had no professional relations with
Grover & Co. or any of the Grovers from
June \, 1SW. up to : December, , 1899. ; Nona
of them owe me anything! nor have they
in years. \
"It was an amicable suit and what I
did was done in order that attorneys'
fees might be saved. I received nothing
for my services. That is all there is tu
that incident. As for me being a tool of
Governor Jeter that is a lie. I am not a
dummy director and Grover knows It.
Every charge he has made against me is
false." .¦¦'...
H. E. Maklnney had less than :• Judge
Logan to say on the subject, but he was
none the less emphatic In his denials of
the charges made by Grover against him.
He Is the law partner of ex-Lieutenant
Governor Jeter and one of the directors
of Grover & Co. As a director of Grover
& Co. he brought suit against his own
corporation for the bank and his traveling
expenses were paid by the bank and
charged against Grover & Co. In. discuss
ing this affair' Mr. Maklnney said:
"In the complaint it is charged that I
accepted for the- company as a voucher
expenses charged by the bank to Grover
& Co. for a suit brought by the Farmers'
Union. That may have been irregular,
but it was not fraud. I simply, wish to
say that there has been not a single act
of dishonesty or fraud In all the trans
actions relating to this corporation.
Makinney Denies He Is a Dummy.
"It was necessary for us to consult the
banks in what we did as the banks were
the greatest creditors of the corporation.
That there has been the least fraud or
dishonesty or that I have acted as a dum ¦
my • director, as Grover charges in his
complaint. Is emphatically and unquali
fiedly false. The very man who has insti
tuted this suit, L. F. Grover. was a mem
ber of the board of directors of the cor
poration and voted for nearly all of the
transactions of which he now complains.
Hla father. S. F. Grover. who was then
and is now the president of the corpora
tion, did the, same.
corporation and whatever I have done
I did for the best interests of the corpora
tion.
THREE OF THE MEN WHO FIGURE PROMINENTLY IX THE/ SENSATIONAL SANTA CRUZ. LITIGATION, IN
WHICH THE MOST SERIOUS ALLEGATIONS ARE Ma'DE AGAINST PEOPLE HIGH IN POLITICAL, SOCIAL
AND PROFESSIONAL LIFE IN THE STATE. . ;. . . 7 . . •. .
Seaton, who was then ln»the house, heard
fsj EATTLE, Dec. C— Armed with a
(S*^ sharp and heavy wood ax an-l
SJ moved by some unknown anil
bloodthirsty . impulse, William
Seaton between 3:30 and 4 o'clock
.this afternoon attempted the murder of
four persons at -the home of his mother
at South Park, seven miles from Seattle.
As a result o* his murderous attack his
uncle, Dan Richards, lies at the Morgue
with his skull crushed In, the result o*
blows from the ax, and with a bullet hole
through his chest.
His sister, Annie Seaton, is In a hospi
tal ward. . She received three glancing
blows from the ax and is severely wound
ed about the head anil back. There is
hope for her recovery.
Her two little stepdaughters. Myrtle
Hapgood, age 7. and Hazel Hapgood, age
5, who were the flrst victims of the at
tack, are hovering between life and death.
Both received heavy blows on the head
from the ax and Hazel will live but a
few hours. An operation has been per
formed upon Myrtle and she has a small
chance for life.
Seaton now occupies a cell In the City
Jail, with a bullet wound through his
neck, received from,,Deputy Sheriff Mike
Kelly while resisting arrest. Seaton
fought with desperation 1 for his liberty.
He tired eight shots in £.11. The only dam
age resulting was a slight flesh wound to
John Kennedy, a neighbor who attempted
to enter the house while Seaton was still
there.
The entire attack upon the members or
the family occupied but a few minutej.
The little girls were the first victims of
his fury. They were playing In a stable
in the rear of the house, where he was
splitting wood. He attacked them with
an ax, striking them in the head with
the heavy weapon. Their apparentiy
lifelesa bodies he threw into the manger.
Their screams reached- the ears of theJr
stepmother/ Annie Seaton, who was see
ing in the house. She ran toward the
barn and was'met near the door by h«r
brother,;' who knocked her down wjth.tha
! ax. He struck her another blow while
she lay prostrate, but In his excitement
the blow was wild and she managed to
get away, clearing at a single leap a high
board fence and escaping to the house of
a neighbor. Seaton then continued on
to the house. His uncle, Dan Richards,
lay sleeping in the front bed room. Sea
ton struck him three times on the head
with the ax and then got a revolver and
shot him through the breast. The ax he
left standing beside the bed.
After tho, crime the instinct of self
preservation apparently seized Seaton.
and he closed and locked the doors of the
house. Three neighbors who attempted
to secure an entrance through the rear
door met with a warm reception. Five
bullets were fired through the door, one
of them taking effect in the back of John
Kennedy, but- not seriously wounding
him.
A few mjnutes later Seaton left the
house and walked toward the station at
the end of the car line/ a distance of a
little more than a mile. To such neigh
bors as he met he told the story of his
crime and announced his intention to give
himself up. At the station he was met
by" Deputy . Sheriff Mike Kelly. The offi
cer demanded his surrender, but Seaton
started to run. He went but a few feet
and then turned and began shooting.
Three shots were exchanged. The third
bullet from the officer's gun caught Seat
on In the heck, and he fell upon the street
car trestle. He recovered sufficiently to
crawl upon the car. without assistance
and did considerable talking during the
trip to town, although badly choked with
blood. His wo'und Is not serious.
Through all the crime a little babe, the
11-months-old daughter of Annie Seaton.
lay sleeping .in the room in which Dan
Richards was killed. It was not molested,
and when the house was searched was
found in peaceful sleep. Mrs. Mary Lar
kina, the mother of the murderer, was
the only other member of the family who
escaped. She was in Seattle at the time
and did not return until it was all over.
The news of the crime Is being kept from
her, as it is feared that It would mean
her death." *
No possible motive can be assigned for
Seaton's terrible crime, except on the
ground that he Is a moral degenerate. Of
himself and the other members of the
family practically nothing Is known. They
came to Seattle from Illinois about a
year ago. They moved to the residence
in South Park about six weeks ago. The
murderer has been employed as a day
laborer in E. C. Squires' stave factory.
Richards was a. carpenter, but had not
been working recently. Annie Seaton has
been twice married; the children were the*
daughters of Hapgood, her flrst husband,
by a former wife, but were being taken
care of by her.
Myrtle Hapgood , returned from school
at about 3 o'clock, changed her dress, and
went out to the stable to Join her sister.
As near as can be learned it was Just
as she came that the mad Impulse reached
a fixed determination in Seaton's head.
Hazel ' was standing beside a stall, he
broke her skull with the ax and threw
her body into the manger. Just then
.Myrtle came in the door. <He turned and
struck her just as he had her sister. Her
body he threw in on top of the other. The
head of one of them struck the wall back
of the manger and spattered blood over
the.boards. The little girls, were able to
give utterance to several screams. Annie
"I see absolutely nothing In his mental
condition to warrant a belief that the man
is crazy." said Dr. McKechnie. "His
statements are both rational and co
herent. To sum It up In a few words, my
opinion of him is that he is undoubtedly
a degenerate, probably as the result of
generations of ancestors of similar short
comings, but he is not Insane."
The only statement that Seaton mad©
during the whole of the evening which
would in any way tend to indicate a de
ranged brain was as he was being locked
up for the right: "Whenever I get mad I
am so mad that I don't know what I am
doing."
"There are hundreds of people who
could truthfully say the same thing who
are not murderers, and n»««»r will b* "
was the remark of I>r. McKechnie. who
overheard the statement.
At the City Jail to-night Seaton talked
freely of the crime, calmly giving In de
tail every particular. He said: ."Yea, I
killed them all.' My tister was the cause
of the trouble. She is not the woman
that she ought to be. She would not do
: what was right. I was cutting wood In
the backyard of our home when I con
cluded to wipe out ay troubles. I went
to the barn with the ax in my hand. My
sister's stepchildren were playing: in thu
barn. I heard their voices from my placa
at the woodpile., I entered the barn and
saw Hazel standing in a stall.
"I struck her with the ax and then
caught the other one. This was Myrtle.
She ran around the stall and tried to es
cape, but I caught her just the same. The
ax was handy on the floor, and I killed
her, too. Then I threw the bodies In the
manger.
"Then this woman, my sister, came run
ning out of the hour» and asked me what
I was doing. I opened the door and struck
her on the back of the head with the ax.
She fell down, but I hit her again. The
third blow which I aimed missed her and
the ax went deep Into the ground. Be
fore I could regain control of the weapon
my sister ran across the lot and jumped
a high fence. I then went into the house,
thinking that I would dress myself and go
to the police station.
"As I entered the front bedroom I saw
my uncle, Dan Richards, lying on the bed
asleep. The Impulse seized me, and re
turning to the porch, I seized the ax and
struck him a blow on the head. He sat
up in bed and tried to talk. I struck him
again, this time with the blade. Tea, I
know the blow kilted him."
Then the murderer again grew defiant.
"If It is the will of the law let them
hang me," were Seaton's last words.
City Physician McKechnie to-night ex
amined "William Seaton to ascertain
whether his demeanor was that of a per
son mentally unbalanced. The murderer
told Dr. McKechnie he was 22 years of
age. was born and raised in Decatur. 111.,
and conversed intelligently on other mat
ters. The physician positively pronounced
the man to be In his normal mind.
all the time."
them. Of what followed she tells the
following story:
"I was sitting In the house sewing when
I heard several screams from the stables.
I thought one of the children had been
hurt, and threw down my work and ran
out. As I was about half way across
the yard. WliHe (the murderer) came out
of the door. In hi3 hand he held an ax.
Before I knew what was happening fca
rushed at me and struck me a terrible
blow on the head. He stood over me and
struck again. I felt" the blow In the back.
I don't remember mu£h more except how
I ran away and I thought him after ma
LORD ROSEBERY, FORMER
PREMIER OF GREAT BRIT
AIN.
LONDON, Dec. €.— The feature of
the session of Parliament to-day
was Lord Rosebery's spirited at
tack on the Government. He
was unsparing in h!s criticism of
the dissolution of Parliament, the conduct
of the war. the policy cf the Government
toward China and everything handled by
the Cabinet. He caustically commented
on the reconstruction of the Cabinet, con
gratulating Lord Salisbury on being the
chief of a fa.iraly numbering so many able
rcmir.istrators, the reference being to the
-.-.elusion ir. the Cabinet of several of Lord
Salisbury's relatives.
Lord Rosebery's comment on the
charges against Mr. Chamberlain, the
Secretary of State for the Colonies, was
pr-vere. He deprecated overbelief in the
credibility of all the charges, but said It
was evident the head of the Cabinet had
failed in proper supervision and the pride
of England in the purity of its public men
had suffered.
Short Speech From Throne,
A few minutes after the Speaker, Wil
liam Court Gully, had taken his rhair in
the House of Commons this afternoon the
sentlcraan usher of the Black Rod. Gen
era! Michael Biddulph, appeared and sum
moned the Commons to the House of
Lords, where the Lord Chancellor, the
E.-.ri of IieJsbury. read the Queen's
.st'l-ech. as fclloTrs:
"My Lords and Gentlemen: It has be
come necessary to make further provision
for the expenses incurred by the opera
tions of my armies in South Africa and
China. I have summoned you to hold a
special session in order that you may gi\ - e
your attention to the enactment required
for this purpose. Tou will not enter into
other public matters requiring your at
tt ntion until the ordinary meeting of Par
liament in the spring."
A number cf ladies were present at the
proceedings in the House of Lords, but
the peers present numbered less than a
»}<-,rtn, apart from the four royal com
mlntopen representing the Queen, among
whom was the Duke of Marlborough. The
o-remor.y was very brief.
Remarks of the Lords.
TVie Earl cf Lathom, Conservative, in
the uniform of the Royal Horse Guards,
moved the address* He paid he thought it
uiuU now be safely said the end of the
war was in sight. The volunteers had
made their mark and ; the colonies had
shown they were united to the mother
land, never to be separated.
Baron Monk Brrtton, Liberal Unionist,
f-r-eonded the address in the same strain.
Lord KixnberiejrJ the Liberal leader in
Um House of Lords, in the course of his
jcraark? animadverted strongly upon the
gudden dissolution of Parliament. He ob
jected to the brevity and abruptness In
the Queen's speech, and demanded a defi-
Dita pronouncement of the Government's
policy in view of the novel and dangerous
character of the recrudescence of hostili
ty s in South Africa and explanations of
the alleged cruelties to the Boei4$, the
burning of farms and similar severities.
He concurred in the annexation of the
r»r>ub!ics, but trusted the Government
pi ssessed a definite policy for speedily
concluding the war. His Lordship was
friatified at the Anclo-Gcrman. agreement,
but he said an attempt to capture the
Krrjperor arj Empress Dowager of China
would be an alarming undertaking.
Lord Salisbury Talks,
Lord Salisbury, after paying tribute to
the skill of Lord Roberts and General
Kitchener and to the bravery of the ofS-
oen and soldiers, said he approved of fall
elections on the ground that the people
objected to traveling to the polls in win
try weather, while in summer legislators
wrre occupied with their Parliamentary
duties.
In regard to South Af ; -ica, the Premier
r;>okc with great solemnity. He said
the Trans vaalers, the Free Staters and
the world understood there could be no
deviation from the policy of the Govern
ment already outlined. Anything re
sembling independence never could be
granted. The war must proceed to the
inevitable issue. They must let it be felt
that no one. by the issue of an insolent
and audacious ultimatum, could force the
British Government to humble Itself and
abandon Its rights. He could never al
low that a shred of independence could be
Irft. How soon the Free Staters
the Trans vaalers would have anything
like Belf-governing powers depended on
themselves. It might be years and It
ir.ight be generations.
Ilfparding: China, Lord Salisbury said
ho was unable to reveal anything, as it
¦would be betraying the secrets of other
?¦:.;; tions a* well as those of the Govern
ment. He was happy, however, to be
able to quiet the fears of Ix)rd Klmberley
¦< garding the pursuit of the Emperor and
- .T'ffs He had never beard of such
Special Dispatch to The CalL
Washington Man Slays His Uncle and Seri
ously Injures His Sister and Her
Two Stepdaughters.
Armed With a Revolver the Assassin Resists
Arrest and Only Surrenders After
Being Wounded.
ATTEMPTS TO MURDER
FOUR OF HIS RELATIVES
WITH A HEAVY AX
Joseph Chamberlain, Secretary of State
for- the Colonies, was the center of the
Etorm. The policy of the empire regard
ing South Africa and China, the action of
the Government in causing a dissolution
when it did, t the conduct of the war
against the Boers and, in fact, all the
questions vitally affecting the empire were
gravely discussed and explained, but dom
inating all was the opposition's hatred ot
the Colonial Secretary. ."
Once Mr. Chamberlain Interrupted and
leaped to hi* feet. A thrill went through
the house. "It Is not so," he declared,
and proceeded to deny the allegation that
he had said that any seat lost to the Gov
ernment during the recent election was
one sold to the Boers.
It was nearly 11 o'clock before he rose
to reply to the avalanche of attack
launched against him. How a strain
he had undergone was evident in the
scarcely suppressed excitement of tone on
the part of one rarely known to show
feeling In the house. He denied that he
had ever accused Mr. Ellis of being a
traitor. He denied also that he had de
cried any accusations against his own
personal integrity. "* He declared that the
special purpose of the meeting of Parlia
ment had been forgotten In an * attack
upon himself. Irritated beyond control by
frequent interruptions and, disturbances
he called one of the Liberals, amid the
excitement, a "cad."
The Speaker called him to* order, and
Mr. Chamb«rlain withdrew the epithet,'
apologizing for its use.
After defending the publication of the
Ellis correspondence he was cut off by the
midnight adjournment.
ter in Parliament.
LOXDON, Dec. 7.— The fifteenth Parlia
ment of the reign of Queen Victoria
opened yesterday. Before the lights went
out in the anrlcnt chambers almost every
leading politician had spoken. Such fierce
personal animosity and such bitter invec
tive had scarcely ever before marked the
proceedings at Westminster.
SCORE CHAMBERLAIN.
Secretary of Colonies the Storm Cen-
Balfour dwelt on the difficulties of the
present position in South Africa. He
said the men they were. fighting were to
be their fellow subjects and it must
be done to prevent bitterness. The Gov
ernment had announced over and over
again that It looked forward to a condi
tion when the British and Dutch would
have equal rights. It was the fault of
the Boer leaders that the war was pro
longed. In the meantime the duty of the
Government was to pursue vigorous mili
tary operations with humanity, not only
from common morality, but with a states
manlike view of the future.
a suggestion. The concert existed and
the latest intelligence showed that It pos
sessed a very reasonable vitality. He
was more doubtful of the time when a
satisfactory result would be achieved
than of the fact that the concert of Eu
rope would be successful.
The Duke of Devonshire replied to Lord
Rosebcry and Lord Tweedmouth closed
the debate for the Liberals. The address
was then agreed to and the House of
Lords adjourned until Monday.
Commons Discusses Boer War.
It was to a crowded house that the
Speaker rose this afternoon to submit the
sessional orders, the reading of which, as
usual, was interrupted by the motion of
James Lowther to eliminate the order
prohibiting peers from interfering in elec
tions. Lowther especially referred to
Lord Rosebery as a delinquent during the
recent election. The motion met its cus
tomary fate. It was buried by a vote of
26 to 6S.
After Balfour, the Government leader,
had given notice of the intention of the
Government to absorb the whole time of
the session, the Speaker read the Queen's
speech and J. E. Gordon, Conservative,
in a naval uniform, moved the address in
reply. In doing so he made a lengthy de
fense of the war.
J. F. Hope, Conservative, seconded the
address. <• - - ¦¦-
Sir Henry Campbell-Bannerman, the
Liberal leader, after allusions to the elec- ':
tions, said the remarkable thing about
the war was that the public knew so lit
tle about it, and the harsh measures be
ing taken against the people of South
Africa, such as farm burning. He asked
the Government for information as to the
intention of these proceedings. He was
slow to believe that driving a stubborn
enemy to despair was the best way to
make him surrender. It was in a de
sire to end the war, but it was also In a
desire to lead to promises of harmony
and contentment that he invited the
Government to declare its policy. He in
quired why it should not be announced
to the Boers that if they laid down their
arms they would be allowed to return to
their homes.
Balfour on South Africa.
Stirring bcenes Are
Enacted in Par-
1 1 o rn ant
11 <X I 1 1 w 111.
He Criticises Matters
Handled by the
'Cabinet.
?
Caustic Comment on
Salisbury's Offi
cial Farhiiy. • m
All Policies Arraigned
and Chamberlain
Re as led.
LORD ROSEBERY MAKES
SPIRITED ATTACK ON
BRITISH GOVERNMENT
SAN FRANCISCO, FRIDAY, DECEMBER 7, 1900.
VOLUME LXXXIX-XO. 7.
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
ent. Just how they 'explained' this to the
Bank Commissioners I do not know. I
was looking to the Interest of my client.
"Thereafter the Interest of'D. W. Gro
ver in the directorate of Grover & Co.
was represented by what I chose to term
'dummy' directors of the bank. Such di
rectors, holding: from one to ten shares
each out of a total of 1S00 shares, ordered
bills of sale to the bank for all the ma
chinery belonging to Grover & Co. for the
sum of $3000. The bill of sale was duly
executed and acknowledged by the offi
cers of Grover & Co. and accepted by the
bank, and has been held by It since Jan
uary, 1899. The rough minutes of the cor
poration Grover & Co., signed by Us presi
dent, show that the $3000 was to be applied
to and be credited upon a certain mort-
Special Dispatch to The CalL *
SANTA CRUZ, Dec. 6.— There Is but
a single topic of comment In
Santa Cruz to-day. The sensa
tional suit of L. F. Grover against
The San Francisco Call.SUIT AGAINST WANAMAKER
DISMISSED BY THE COURT
Recover $25,000 for Alleged
Slander.
PITTSBURG. Dec. 6.— A nonsuit was
granted by Judge Wilson of Beaver Coun
ty to-day In the case of Thomas Robin
son, ex-State Printer, against Hon. John
Wanamaker. The suit was for $25,000
damages for slander.
During the year of 1898 Mr. Wanamaker
is alleged to have made charges that Rob
inson conspired with others to defraud the
State. In the motion for a nonsuit the
defense claimed that the general declara
tion ascribed to the defendant In the
statement of the plaintiff had not been
proved and that the innuendoes had been
left unsupported by any testimony. The
plaintiff contended that the defense must
produce proof that the statements made
by Mr. Wanamaker were privileged. The
nonsuit granted by Judge Wilson closes
the case.
Stops the Cough
And work* off the Cold; Laxative Hromo
(juiniDe'l ablets cure a cold In one day. So
cure, -No ray. Price 15 cent«. " •
GENERAL EAOAN -IS PUT
ON THE RETIRED LIST
President Remits the Unexpired Part
of His Sentence and Permits
His Retirement.
WASHINGTON, Dec S.-Bripadier Gen
eral Charles P. Eaga.:. commissary gen
eral, was to-day restored .to duty by the
President and, at once placed on the re
tired list. \ -
The order iHsued by the President remit
ted the unexplred portion of ! his sentence
and restored him to "a status of duty
with station in this c!ty."
This order wns Immediately followed bv
one issued by General Miles announcing
that tJpneral Kagan had- been placed <:n
the retired list to-tlay on hls'own applica
tion after thirty years' service.
i -"¦-¦'¦ ¦ ¦ ¦*-¦ ¦• .'' • ¦¦¦¦¦¦•¦¦:, ..
RECEIVES HI3 COMMISSION.
ST. PAUL, Dec. C— Charles A. Towne
this afternoon received . from • Governor
LInd the.offlcial documents which will en
title him" to' a seat in, the: United States
Senate until ; the State Legislature, which
meets on the 8th of- January, can elect a
successor-to fill out the remainder of. the
unexplred : term of the - late ; Cushmsin K.
Davis. ¦<;-.,¦¦¦ -V- : ., :i '¦¦¦¦' /.¦ "• -. -:».;¦ v>. . ;--"...,.;
Governor Lind made the appointment of
Mr.- Towne -on 'Tuesday ¦". night and. the
commission ; was dated, December '5,: 1900,
but the announcement was withheld .until
the Governor could see Mr,- Towne person
ally and talk matters over. with him.
Mr. Towne leftv to-night for 'Chicago,
where his mother will meet htm and pro
ceed-with him to the national :cnpttaV to
see her son; sworn i in as United States
Senator.
Highwayman Confesses:
KANSAS CITY. Dec. 6.-G. T. Gerald,
the Redwood City (CAM highwayman,
v.ho. with a pal. on Tuesday night tried
to r^b Police Inspector John Halpln. has
« r<nfee f?<\ and given the name of the other
man as Frank Roberts of Chicago, recent
ly released from the Joliet penitentiary.
Roberts r?caped.
No Business in. Open Session—Sub
sidy Bill Not Being Con
sidered.
WORK IN THE SENATE.
WASHINGTON, Dec. 6.— The Senate to
day transacted no business of importance
in open session. \ Throughout almost the
entire afternoon it was in executive ses
sion. The ship subsidy bill, therefore, re
ceived- no consideration.
Hoar presented a resolution of the Ma.s •
sachusetts Legislature in favor of the
purchase by the United - States Govern
ment of Temple Farm and Moore House
at Yorktown, Va.
Martin of Virginia expressed gratifica
tion that the project had met with favor
in Massachusetts and said a bill would he
presented at an. earlv \day intended to
carry out the purpose of the resolution.
Carter of Montana gave notice that on
Tuesday next he wouM call up. tne pe-d
ing resolution relating to the contested
Montana seat in the Senate, claimed by
both W. A. Clark and Martin Maginnls.
The Senate then, at .12:40. on motion of
Lodge, went Into executive session. and
at 4:30 adjoumedJ -^
PRESIDENTIAL NOMINEES.
D. H. McMillan to Be a Justice of
New Mexico's Supreme Court.
WASHINGTON, Dec. 6.— The President
to-day sent the following nominations ' to
the Senate:: . :
Daniel H. McMillan of New York, to *be
Associate Justice of the Supreme Court
of New Mexico. • • • ;
Postmasters: ,. •¦>¦:"*¦¦ ..¦¦
Oregon — Greenville, Reed, Astoria.'
Idaho— A. J. Dunn, Wallace.
California — J. R. Baker, Antioch;
Charles Durner, Benicla.
Also a number of army and navy recess
appointments. V -- ¦ *¦•"':
Senate Committee on Commerce
CONSIDERS SUBSIDY BILL.
Holds a Session.
WASHINGTON, Dec. 6.— The Senate
Committee on Commerce held a meeting
to-day, which was devoted mainly to the
consideration of the ship subsidy bill and
to amendments ¦ suggested by Chairman
Fry*--
The most important amendment was
one providing that all. ships shall take 50
per cent of their cargo capacity when
leaving a port of the United States for a
foreign port. Mr. Frye said the effect
of its incorporation in the bill. would be
to increase the amount of cargo which
must be taken, but that it would so dis
tribute it among the various ships that
there would be no inequality or. injustice.
In Boutelle's Interest.
WASHINGTON. Dec. 6.— Representative
Burleigh of Maine v to-day Introduced,- a
bill authorizing the appointment of Rep.*
resentative Boutelle of Maine, now a
confirmed invalid, to the rank of captain
on the retired list of the navy.
Tittman Is Confirmed.
WASHINGTON. Dec. 6.— The Senate to
day conlh-racd Otto H. Tittman of Mis
souri as superintendent of the Coast and
Geodetic Survey.
MANCHESTER AND BRIDE
LEAVE NEW YORK CITY
In a Private Car Attached to the Fast
Express Leave for Cin
cinnati.
NEW-YORK, Dec. 6.— In the private car
of Eugene Zimmerman, the Duke and
Duchess of Manchester started for. Cin
cinnati to-night over the Erie Railroad.
The car was attached to the fast express,
that started from Jersey City at 7:25
o'clock.
The Duke and his bride spent the great
er part of this afternoon making farewell
visits to their friends. Incidentally his
Grace bought a steam automobile, which
he took with him.' He took a whirl up
Fifth avenue in the machine just to see
how it worked. The automobile Is a sur
rey and is said to, have cost 51400.
His Grace was "out" to all callers at
the Holland House. Two men who called
at the hotel at 6:30 o'clock were not con
vinced that he was not In his rooms, and
they attempted to reach his apartme/its.
For a few minutes it looked as though
there would be a light with detectives and
hotel employes, but the latter retreated
before the angry visitors. Matters were
finally adjusted and the men retired to the
main corridor. By this time the Duke and
Duchess, with Mr. Zimmerman and Miss
Evans and Melville Ellis, had been hur
ried into carriages and had driven away.
TAYLOR FINALLY SUCCUMBS.
Johnson's Slayer TJnable to Tell the
Story of the Tragedy.
SAN DIEGO, Dec. 6.— R. Taylor, who
shot Tom Johnson on election night In the
rear of the house occupied by the former,
and then put a bullet through his own
head, died this afternoon at the County
Hospital in Mission Valley, never having
recovered the use of his tongue sufficiently
to enable him to tell the story of the
double tragedy.
Johnson was found on his front porch in
a dying condition, and he barely had
strength to say that Taylor shot him.
For a time it was thought that Taylor
had left the vicinity, but an hour or more
afterward he was found In a - bathtub,
where he had ; crawled and covered him
self up. with a blanket before putting his
pistol in his mouth and attempting to blow
the top of his head off. He was not dead,
though the bullet and the discharge of the
pistol had almost' blown his tongue out as
it passed back through the neck. Though
everything possible was done for him he
did not improve and was never able to tell
his story. During. the last portion of his
Illness he was unconscious all of the time.
ANTI-SALOON LEAGUE.
Asks for Temperance Legislation in
, San" IMego County. " v^
SAN DIEGO, Dec. 6.— The convention of
the Anti-Saloon League was held to-day,
¦with delegates present from nearly all of
the churches in easy , reach of . the city.
This morning a committee from the league
appeared before the. Board of Supervisors
and asked that a prohibitory ordinance be
passed 'to close the saloons of the county
outside of the, incorporated cities- and
towns. Such an ordinance was before the
people at 1 the last election and was voted
down, though a majority outside of the in
corporated cities and towns favored tho
closing of the -saloons. " "
The county board took no action, but inti
mated a willingness to pass a local option
ordinance, so; that applicants for a saloon
license could not get a license without the
consent of a majority of the freeholders
in the precinct in which the saloon is to be
located.
WASHINGTON. Dec. 6.-The Senate
v.a? in executive session for more that:
four hours to-day, the entire time being
devored to the discussion by Morgan of
the Hay-Pauncefote treaty for the abro
gation of the portion of the Clayton-Bul
wer treaty which relates to the Nicara
guan canal.
The Senator made it very plain in the
course of his remarks that while he was
not opposed to the pending treaty In al
most any form his principal, if not his
only concern. In that "connection was for
the passage of the canal bill, and he al
lowod it to be very broadly understood
that ho had engaged :n the treaty dis
cussion because o£ his conviction that
there were a majarity of Senators who
would insist upon action on the treaty
as a. condition precedent to the passage
of the canal bill. For this reason, he
paid, he was willing to discuss the treaty.
He intimated privately to other Senators,
however, that he would not consent to
the fixing of a time for a vote upon the
treaty until there a»so could be a time
fixed for like action upon the Nicaraguan
canal bill.
In the course of his -speech he said that
he did not in reality consider that the
treaty need have any especial bearing
upon the bill and that he believed that it
was competent for the United States to
proceed with the building of the canal re
gardless of the treaty or Great Britain's
wishes in the matter, but to satisfy other
Senators and also to meet the wishes of
the Secretary of State, for whom he in
cidentally expressed the highest esteem,
he would consent to action upon the
treaty and do all he could for it. He
would vote for the agreement whether it
Khould be amended or not, although he
would prefer that there should be no
amendment.
Discussing the question of the fortifi
cation of the canal, Morgan arTrued stren
uously against it* both as inexpedient and
unnecessary. He contended that Great
Britain was not the only power whose In
terests would be affected by a provision
for fortification, and said that Nicaragua
and Costa. Rica had a right to be con
sidered in that connection. Furthermore,
In case of war everybody knew that the
canal would be protected to the fullest
extent, so that any provision whatever
bearing upon this point was needless. He
admitted, however, that he had no doubt
that if the United States should proceed
with the construction of the canal with-*
out first taking steps to secure its neu
trality Great Britain would be grievously
offend^d and that he thought it not im
possible that the offense would be consid
errd sufficiently grave to lead to hostili
ties between the two countries.
"Do :>-ou mean," asked Senator Bever-
Idge. "that notwithstanding the present
friendly relations between the two coun
tries, England might declare war if we
Fhould construct the canal with our own
means and In our own way?"
Senator Morgan replied that he consid
ered that result among the probabilities.
"But." he continued, "I should not be
deterred by that circumstance." *
W-hat England would do, he said, was,
of course, a mere matter of speculation,
and he added that he had only referred
to this possibility in order to emphasize
his opinion that the canal should be con
structed in any contingency. The Amer
lean people, he said, had mapped out that
canal, and they were not going to allow
any obstacle, no matter how serious to
stand In the way. He believed that the
administration that would undertake to
bu'ld the canal, knowing that do so meant
war. would be indorsed by the people at
la E? e ._ £, majority than that
which McKlnley had received over Bryan
in tho last election.
Senator Morgan was plied with many
questions by Senators Mason. Beveridce
Tillman and others. Mason asked whether
it was true that if the Hay-Pauncefote
negotiation prevented the use of the
canal by Great Britain in time of war the
converse proposition that it also prohib
ited such use by the United States was
not also true.
To thin Morgan did not make direct re
ply, saying that he would take up that
point later in his discussion. In discuss
ing the points of the treaty with Senator
fiVlIer the Alabama Senator expressed the
view that the Clayton-Bulwer treaty is
unconstitutional and that for this reason
If for no other, it should be disregarded '
MORGAN SPEAKS
FOR THE CANAL
Says It Should Be Built
Even Though War Might
Result.
ISAAC JOSEPH AND MISS KOZ
MINSKY. WHOSE ENGAGE
MENT IS ANNOUNCED.
Social Dispatch to The Call
CALL BUREAU, HOG G STREET, N.
W., WASHINGTON, Dec. 6.-President
McKlnley by his ready tact and cordial
handshakes has apparently averted an at
tack upon his administration by members
of the Woman's Christian Temperance
Union, now assembled In annual conven
tion here. The special reception to mem
bers to-day by the President and Mr. Mc-
Klnley, assisted by members of the Cab
inet and their wives, I.as had a soothing
effect upon those, members of the conven
tion who were disposed to make a gen
eral arraignment of the administration.
L>uring the early session" of the conven
tion, Which began Monday, It was cur
rently reported that tefore the conven
tion adjourned a resolution would prob
ably, be adopted condemning the continu
ance of . the army canteen' system, ar
raigning pongress for permitting Intoxi
cating liquors to be sold In the Senate and
House restaurants, and also denouncing
President McKinley tor serving wines at
state dinners. - •
A delegation visited the Capitol Monday
and discovered beer and other liquors be
ing dispensed in the Senate cafe. Another
enterprising delegate went to the White
House last night as a society reporter
and counted the glaeses on a table which
had been spread for the entertainment of
the Paris Commissioners.
All this evidence was gathered with a
view to supporting a resolution of cen
sure. - ... . . ; . . .
As a marjc of distinction the Marina
Band was ordered out !n full uniform and
discoursed national airs and popular
music. President McKlnley entered tho
blue parlor escorting Mrs. McKlnley, who
was attired in a gown of black velvet
with white lace at her throat and wear
ing diamonds and pearls. She was ac
companied by Mrs. Gage, Mrs. Long. Mid.
Hitchcock, Mrs. Wilson and Mrs. Grlggs,
who were escorted by members of the
Cabinet. Including Secretary ' Gage, Sec
retary Long, Secretary Wilson, Secretary
Root, Attorney General Grigggs and Post
master General Smith. Mrs. Stevens had
prepared a brief speech, which she Intend
ed, to deliver to the President, thanking
him on behalf of the convention for his
courtesy and also commending his admin
istration and invoking God's blessing
upon his acts. No occasion was offered
her to make the speech, but she left tho
written copy of it in ihe President's hand.
Ready Tact Averts an Attack
on_ Administration by ¦ "
theW. C. T. U.
"WASHINGTON, Dec. 6.— The Ways
end Means Committee met in- special ses
sion at 10 this morning to consider
the bill reducing the war revenue .taxes
by about MO.000,000, framed by tho Re
publican" members of the committee and
introduced by Chairman Payne. There
were but two absentees, Babcock (R.)
and Robinson (D.). When the beer sec
tion was reached, fixing the rebate at 20
per cent instead of "Vt per cent, which
makes the rate %l CO per barrel, Represen
tative Richardson, ranking member of
the minority, moved a* further reduction
of all the increase made by the revenue
act. The effect of this motion, if car
ried, would have been to make the rate
$1 per barrel. The motion was defeated
by a party vote.
The consideration by section proceeded,
the bill being preserved as framed by the
Republicans.
When the meeting closed at 12 o'clock
Payne, with the concurrence of Rlchard-
Fpn, authorised ' the proceedings to-be
given out In 'detail. .
Richardson's motion on the beer tax
was the first test of strength. It pro
vided for a flat rate of $1 per barrel In
stead of $2. This was lost, 6 to 9, on a
strict party vote. Swason of Virginia
tnen moved to recommit the bill to a sub
committee with instructions to prepare a
measure making a J60.000.000 reduction.
Lost by the same vote.
Swason next unsuccessfully moved to
eliminate all special taxes on tobacco
dealers imposed by the war revenue ac;.
Underwood of Alabama presented a
substitute bill repealing the entire war
revenue act, providing for a 3 per cent
tax on incomes over $2000 and re-enacting
the present inheritance tax. On the vota
two Democrats — McClellan of New York
and Newlands of Nevada— did not vote,
the resuit being the defeat of the subst 1 
tute, 4 to 9.
Underwood moved to restore the tax on
telephone messages, and Xewlands of
fered an amendment restoring It on tele
graph messages, but requiring the com
panies to pay the tax. Both proposals
were lost, b to 9.
Cooper of Texas offered an amendment
striking out the exemption of religious
and charitable Institutions in the tax on
Inheritances. This was lost on a viva
voce vote.
On motion of Hopkins of Illinois the
final section Was changed, making the act
take effect immediately on Us passage.
On Dalzell's final motion to report the
bill to the House the Democrats did not
vote, and the report to the House was or
dered. Payne stated that the majority
report would be presented by Saturday.
The proceedings were marked by good
feeling, and Richardson stated that the
minority would not interpose factious op
position on the floor of the House.
Action Taken Relative to
ina Bill Reducing War
Revenue Taxes.
TO BE REPORTED
TO THE HOUSE
PACIFIED BY
THE PRESIDENT
HOUSE ADOPTS
ARMY BILL BY
A PARTY VOTE
Three Democrats
Support the
Measure.
One Eepublican Votes
With the Opposi
tion Forces.
WASHINGTON. Dec. 6.— The House- to
day, at the end of a long session, passed
the array reorganization bill by a vote of
186 to 133. Three Democrats, Hall of Penn
sylvania and Underbill and Slayton of
New York, voted" with the Republicans
for the bill, and McCall (R.) of Massa
chusetts with the Democrats against It.
Otherwise It was a strict party vote.
The proposition which some of the Dem
ocrats attempted to commit their side to
in caucus, an extension of the present
temporary army until July 1, 1303. which
was voted upon indirectly on a motion to
recommit, commanded the votes of only
about half the oposltion and two Republi
cans, McCall and Mann of Illinois. Many
of the Democrats, however, voted against
the motion, because they were opposed
not only to the reorganization bill, but
also to continuing the temporary army at
its present strength.
Quite a number of: amendments were
placed upon the bill before It was passed.
The liveliest fight was mado upon a sub
stitute offered by LJttlefield of Maine for
the canteen section. The substitute abso
lutely prohibited the sale of Intoxicants at
military posts. It was supported by Llt
tlefied, Grosvenor, Dick and Hay (D.) of
tiefleld, Grosvenor. IMck and Hay (D.) of
Texas. Fitzgerald (E>.) of Massachusetts,
Pearce (R.) of Missouri, Parker (R.) or
New Jersey and Bartholdt (R.) of Mis
souri.
Large delegations from the "W. C. T. U..
which is in session In this city, watched
the fight from the gallery. "When tb© vote
was taken the prohibition amendment was
carried by an overwhelming majority— 159
to 51. Bartholdt attempted to secure a
record vote In the House, but the peculiar
parliamentary statutes shut fclm out.
The section designed to retire General
Shafter as a major general and General
Fltzhugh Lee and James H. Wilson as
brigadier generals were stricken out.
The oleomargarine bill, which was post
poned to-day, win come up for considera
tion to-morrow.
Serial Di$r»tch to The Call.
LOS ANGELES. Dec. «.— On the author
ity nf a translator in the employ of the
f upre-me i'ov.rt of I-uzon who has recently
returned from Manila it is assorted that
Major General El well S.' Otis. Formerly
military povorror of the Philippine Isl
ands, has endeavored to use> the privileges
Of his f'ftic-ial position for his own financial
fcggranclzempnt and to sell Information
nhtair.ed a^ a Goverrsir.ent officer for pe
< uniary yrofit. The oharjre is told with a
variety of outline and circumstance. The
gentleman who gives It currency is a man
whose petition as official translator in the
islands gave- him ample opportunities to
}*-arn facts not a<-c-«*j*sible to others.
Briefly, ht esjrt that General Elweil S.
<'ti« offered to John 1>. Rockefeller of the
Standard Oil «\mpany an opportunity to
t-ocurf the almoft exclusive right of ex
ploitinp the island of Huron for minerals?,
in return for whkh^ptis was to receive li
j-er cent of the nct*profits realized. This
effer was* made, it is stated, first in ?writ
ing from Manila, the per cent being left
indefinite. I.at=i September a personal in
terview took plate between Otis and
Rockefeller in the latter'? New York of
lup. when 15 per cent was agreed upon as
the military governor'^ recompense for
having sold his Government's information
icpareiinp th«? method? of obtaining title
to mining lands in Luzon. This is the
rtorr as mid by the translator in his own
\»ords:
"Nearly a year ajo General Otis con
cluded that a translation of the mining
iiwf in force in lite islands was neces
sary ir.d 1 was ehesen for the purpose.
Thf laws up to 18»59 bad been codified and
jjubilfhed. hut from that time until the
.American occupation the royal decrees
lssu*-d from Barctlonj. Spain, nad merely
h-en published In t!it Gazetta de Manila
snd th» fiicp of thU journal were all that
v.as to be obtained regarding th? methods
Of acquiring legal tisies to mining land=
;n tne island*.
"As usual In Spanish colonies the min
ing provisions app!t<able to the island.*
dllowr-d large tract* to be taken up bj
complying with certain formalities and
j'.iyinc a fix«-d uaocnt of tax. but the
Kilipino is not a i>r<.s-pertor and conse
quently the i;-v.i- were fpnored and un
known. It was evident that a knowledge
of their provisions vould be of great
value as they still remain in force under
the American occupation and would en
ahi*> the possessor* ot the information to
acquire practically all the mineral lands
of Luzon, especially it the aid of the isl
and authorities wan *-nlisted.
"It was :igr«-ed beivieen myself and Otis
that in addition to n y regular salary I
v.if to receive J.VW jYom the l.'nited States
Government, the ofit r being made with
the undc-rstanoing that Fuch a bonus was
jmid because of the mining as well as the
jrgal knowledge nevts-sary in making the
translation. In due courst the work ¦was
< ompletr-d and a copy of the translation
liantiod over to the office of the military
governor. The only uther copy made I
iriained m>s.lf.
"A few oays after the delivery of the
translation I nx>t t!ie military governor's
thi^f Interpreter, end in the course of
c-onvf rfatlon learned th?t General Otis
had made an «>fff-r in writing to John D.
Rockefeller of the Standard Oil Company
t-> furnish a copy of the mining laws of
the islands in consideration of Fharini?
in the profits of any operations that
might rrsult from this knowledge. The
letter poinud out that an acquaintance
with the pro visions of these decrees
v.o-jM jrive .the possessors practically an
fxoluslve franchise for mining In the
jslands. provided the offer were accepted
r>ffore n»?w laws wero passed under the
American occupation. The letter Fug
£est«d the formation of a company and
tb^ immediate acquisition of these min
trp] lands iieaini=t the time when mining
men from the i:nit« d States would seek
to exploit these possessions. Assurances
•rett given that the mineral wealth of
the inlands was great.
"In proof of his statement the Govern
or's interpreter showed me a copv of a.
]*tt«r in the private copybook in the pen
craft office, wherein the identical offer
¦w<s« mr.de and to even? appearam e signed
by Elweil S. Otis.
"About this time peremptory orders
¦were issued from the Governor's office
that no on«? should he allowed to go into
the mineral provinces for the purpose of
prospecting, locating or working mines.
A cousin'of General Otis' private secre
tary wrote to me at Manila from New
York in Soptembf-r last that in an lnter
¦\ if w between the two m%n in Rockefel-
W« New York office an agreement had
been proiwped. by the terms of which Otis
ties to receive 15 per cent of the stock
cf a eomr>any to be organized for the
exploitation of Luzon for minerals in
t onpideraticn for furnishing th* exclusive
information of how these lands could be
acquired legally."
Sensational Story
of Luzon Sten
• ographer. \
General Alleged to
Have Made Over
tures.
SAYS OTIS
OFFERED TO
SELL FAVORS
Afrikander Con
gress Assembles
in Ojfen Air. pi
Troops and Artillery on
All the Surround-
«
, WORCESTER, Cape Colony. Dec. 6.—
About COW Dutchmen assembled in the
open air at thr> Gum Tree plantation, on
' the edge of the town, to take part in th'e
i Afrikander Congress. Horsemen from a
: radius of sixty miles had been riding in
all night.
S. C. Cronwright-Sehreiner made a
speech. In which he attacked Sir Alfred
Milner. the British High Commissioner
and Governor of Cape Colony, saying that
there would be no peace while he was
Governor.
J. W. Sauer. the former Commissioner
of P.ublic -Works, Is expected to speak and
guide the Congress conclusions, among
which will be to select a large deputation
to visit Sir Alfred Milner and urge him to
advise a cessation of hostilities and give
autonomy to the republics.
More troops have af rived here. Some
1500 Canadians and Australians are en
camped around the town and ten guns
are in position.
Worcester, where the Afrikander Con
gress is meeting, is the capital of the dis
trict of the same name in Cape Colony
and has a population of nearly 6000 people.
In spite of the English name which the
town bears, these are largely of Dutch
extraction and language and at heart ot
Boer sympathies. The town lies in the
"upper valley of the Breede River, in a
fertile, well. watered and thickly settled
district. As the crow flics it is only sixty
miles east northeast of Cape Town, but
distant 109 miles from the latter place by
rail. • :
It lies on the main line of the "Western
Railroad running from Cape ' Town to
Kimberly and the north, which connects
at De Aar Junction with the lines lead- :
Ing into Orange Free State and to the,
eastern and southeastern districts of Cape
Colony. - ¦'. ¦ • ¦ ' i
While Worcester Is only accessible to
delegates from these districts by a long
and tedious ride by rail of over 450 miles, it
is at the same time far removed from the
late scenes of battle and armed occupancy
by the Boers, and presumably was se
lected a fit place for a free and fair ex
pression of opinions. Representatives
from all the districts in the Colony were
expected to be in attendance at the Con
gress. - V
KRUGER VISITS HOLLAND.
Transvaal President Beceives a Royal
Welcome at The Hague. -
THE HAGUE, Dec. 6.— At the opening
of the Second Chamber to-day the Presi
dent, J. Glelchman, said:
"President Kruger arrives her© to-day.
He will take _ up his residence here. I
take the occasion to propose that the
Chamber authorize me to welcome In its
name the President to our country and
to offer him an expression of our cordial
sympathy." . - . , . ¦
The proposal was adopted amid cheers
and bravos. . ' '
Mr. Kruger arrived here to-day and
was greeted at the station by the Burgo
master and Counselors. A choir of bOO
men and girls chanted Psalm 72. verses
6, 7 and 11. - -
The President and his suite then re
paired to the royal waiting-room, where
the Burgomaster warmly welcomed them
in a brief speech. Then followed Del
Spink. president of the local South Afri
can Association, in a long welcoming ad
dress, assuring Mr. Kruger of the deep
sympathy of the entire Dutch nation,
"who ha*d," he said, "so greatly, though
vainly, hoped that the great powers who
recently assembled at the Peace Confer
ence would not have permitted that in
South Africa the light of nations, the
right of. war and civil law should be
trampled under foot, or a little nation be
sacrificed in an unequal combat in de
fense of its existence."
The address, after a long eulogy of the
heroism of the Boers, proceeded to liken
Mr. Kruger to William the Silent, who
sacrificed everything for the welfare of
his people, and concluded:
"May your reliance on the Almighty,
similar to that of the Prince of Orange,
support you, Mr. President, In the ardu
ous fight for right and liberty and may
the liberty of vour nation crown your
courage. "Then will Great Britain have
learned the lesson of how dangerous It
is to attempt to throttle the independence
of a free nation."
Mr. Kruger, his suite and the reception
committee proceeded in open carriages
to the Hotel deslndis, which was re
splendent with Hags and bunting. There
a bevy of ladies, headed by the Baroness
Van Harinxam, greeted the Boet- states
man and a choir sang a hymn. Mr.
Kruger then mounted the staircase, pre
ceded by three girls strewing blossoms.
On his arrival in the reception-room the
Baroness presented Mr. Kruger with a
bouriuet.
The First Chamber has authorized its
President to welcome Mr. Kruger in be
half of the House as proof of its sym
pathy.
Mr. Kruger met with wonderful recep
tions everywhere. He reached the fron
tier at Zevenaar. Immense crowds gath
ered at all the stations, which were deco
rated with flags, the Burgomasters mado
speeches and the school children sang.
Mr. Kruger made many replies, in most
of which he represented the. Transvaal as
a little child whom a bad man wishes to
kill. In one case he illustrated his point
by drawing attention to a fair-haired
girl In the audience.^,
"If that child was outraged," he said,
"everybody would run. to her rescue, but
in my country children \ are bein? out
raged by an enemy ten times stronger
than the Transvaal."
BRITISH CONVOY ATTACKED.
They Kill Fifteen of Kitchener's Men,
j'.-\: :i but Are Driven Off. .
LONDON, Dec. 6.— The War Office has
received a dispatch from | Lord Kitchener,
dated Bloemfontein, December 6, announc
ing that General Delarey, with 500 Boers,
attacked a convoy, proceeding from Pre
toria to Rustenburg. at Buffetspoort, De
cember 3, burned half the convoy and
killed fifteen men and, wounded twenty
three, including Lieutenant Baker. The
Boers, the dispatch adds, suffered con
siderable loss,' some of them being killed
with case shot at fifty, yards. Guns afsi
assistance-were sent from Rustenburg and
Commandant - Nek and the Boers - were
driven off.
The advices also say that General Dewet
also crossed the Coledon December 5 at
Kareepoint Drift,- making for • Odendal.
General Knox was following him. The
drift - was held ;by a detachment of the
guards and : the river was flooded.
DUTCHMEN
MEET UNDER
BRITISH GUNS
POPULAR YOUNG COUPLE
SOON TO BE WEDDED
Engagement of Isaac Joseph and Miss Esther Koz
mirisku of Sacramento Announced.
SACRAMENTO, Dec. 6.— The engage
ment Is announced of Isaac Joseph,
one of. the leading 1 members of the
local bar. and Miss Esther Koz
minsky. formerly 'of San Francisco
an<fl sister of Mrs. Carl Kaufman of Sac
ramento. : ' ; -
Although the date for the event has not
been given out it is understood that the
wedding will take place In April next. Mr.
and Mrs. Joseph will make their home
permanently In Sacramento.
Mi?s Kozminsky'p family is among
the pioneer residents of Sacramento, and
Fhe is very popular with all her acquaint-,
a nces.
The younsr ccuple have been receiving
tfce congratulations of thHr host of Sac\
r.Tinenio friends, and their many acquain
tances throughout the. State will also be
delighted to he.ir the news.
HAPPY SANTA CRUZANS
ON THEIR WEDDING TRIP
MR. AND MRS. ROBERT C. JEX
SEX of Santa Cruz are in the
city on their honeymoon trip.
They were married Wednesday
morning at the home of the
hride's mother., on Lincoln street, Santa
Cruz, the, wedding being one of the pret
tiest of the season.
Mrs. Jensen was Miss Gertrude Edwards,
one of the prettiest girls in the city bj
the sea. She Is a graduate of the Hurn
boldt County High School and a musician
of more than ordinary ability. The newly
made husband is a resident of Guadalupe
and is prominent in fraternal circles. He
has been for eleven years an employe of
the Southern Pacific Milling: Company.
Mr. and Mrs. Robert C. Jensen Made One
at a Pretty Home Function./ .
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, DECEMBER 7, 1900.
MR. AND MRS. ROBERT C. JEN
SEN. WHO WEDDED AT SANTA
QRUZ. Y.
Ex-State Printer Robinson Pails to
2
mKEARNY ST.
THURLOW BLOCK.
THE FAMOUS PARAGON PANTS
ARE HERE ONLY.
No better clothes than
We keep can be found anywhere.
Ever try us?
You ought.
Exclusive
High-Grade
Clothiers
Wf know how to fit you,
and fit you properly.
because we s«»ll nothing
but men's clothes— that's all,
making us (specialists in our line
THE STEIN-BLOCH CO.'S
HACKETT. CARHART & CO.'S
very latest productions.
rcady-to-put-on-
the-moment-you-want-thera.
(CHAS. KEILUS & CO.)
Out-of-town orders filled— write us.
$1.50 to $3.00.
We carry a full assortment of men's furnishings, such as
reefers, mufflers, gloves handkerchiefs, canes, . underwear,
and a most elegant line of neckwear.
Embroidered silk suspenders with sterling silver
buckles, in magnificent designs; from
Silk Suspenders.
You are beginning to be puzzled even this early about,
what to buy "him" for Christmas. Here are suggestions to
help'you out and make your selections easy and profitable to.
you and satisfactory and pleasing to "him."
Smoking Jackets.
A line of smoking jackets in fancy cheviots, with trim-
mings of cord and satin, medium and dark colors, in small
checks and stripes, all wool materials, exceptional values —
prices
$3.50, $4.00, $5.00.
Elegant assortment of house coats made of double-
faced cloth, with nobby trimmings in various shades of
gray, tan and brown — prices -
$5.00, $6.00, $7.50, $8.50, $10.00.
House coats of exceptional value made from tricou
cloth, in fashionable shades of blue, brown and garnet — prices
A very good line of velveteen smoking jackets, elegantly
tailored in black, navy and brown — price
$10.00.
Bath Robes.
Up-to-date assortment of bath robes made from eider-
down flannel, in gray, tan, blue and brown, with stripes and
figures that harmonize — prices
$4.00 to $8.50.
"•¦¦¦-- •-"¦.-¦ v
Pajamas.
We carry a very good line of them made of cheviot and
flannelette, in stripes and plaids with appropriate trimmings
-—-prices a suit
$1.50, $2.00, $2.50.
Also pajamas made of French flannel variously
trimmed at prices ranging from
$2.5O to 84.OO.
Night Robes.
Night robes made of good quality muslin, plain or with
fancy trimmings; also made plain from flannelette — once of
OUCi
Night robes- made of extra quality muslin with elegant
trimmings, also made of sateen in pink, blue and lavender —
prices
$1.00 to $2.50.
718 Market Street.Jovce Pleads Not Guilty.
IX)S ANGELES; Dec. 6.— George Joyce,
arrested in San Francisco for passing
worthless checks in this- city [last Feb
ruary and who Is also alleged to be guilty
of blgsmy. was arraigned before Judge
Smith this morning on the former charge
and pleaded not guilty. There are ; four
counts against him and they were placed
on the calendar for January 3, 3, 7 and S.
SAN JOSE, Dec. 6— The Garden City
will deck herself in flowers and blossoms
to receive President McKlnley during his
visit to California next April. This de
rision was arrived at by a large and en
thusiastic meeting of citizens held in the
City Hall this evening at the call o f
jlavor Martin and a floral festival is now
an "assured fact. The President has de
clared his intention of attending the
launching of the battleship Ohio in San
Francisco, and San Jose and Santa Clara
County will Invite him to become their
cVpocial guest. At that time the fruit
orchards ar.d flower? will be In bloom and
the sight will be such as the President
has never seen.
At the meeting to-night Mayor Martin
was Riven power to appoint a general
committee to have charge of the festival
and it was the unanimous wish to got up
the preatest flower fete ever held on the
coast. Work will commence right away,
for acres «nd acres of sweet peas and
other flowers must be planted for decora
tive purposes. The date has not been
fixed, but it will be around the last of
April, and the festival will most Hkflv
cr.tond over three days.- on one of which
will be a monstrr pageant The com
mittee will be announced in a few days.
Flower Fete.
Garden City Citizens Are Planning a
KECEPTION FOE McKINLEY.
SAN JOSE, Dec... 6.— The long contest
waged by Mrs. Emilie T. Spring to col
lect alimony • from her divorced husband
II. M. N. Spring, .was Riven an impetus
to-day by Judge lx>rigan making an order
for Sheriff Langford to at once sell
Spring's interest in the big clothing store
on the. corner of Santa Clara and Market
streets. .
Money for Mrs. Spring.
PHOENIX, A. T., Dec. 6.— A Papago
Indian woman was brought to the Terri
torial Insane Asylum here to-day. She
became insane weeks ago over the reli
gious teachings of a woman named Julia
Schaffer. who lives at Phoenix and whose
strange delusions have been impressed on
the Papagoes to such an extent that many
more of the Indians are partially de
mented. The woman claims to cure by
laying on of hands, and the Indians de
clare she has cured blindness and deaf
ness and has made cripples walk
Helig^ous fanatics.
VANCOUVER. B. C. Dec. 6.-A strange
story of sin followed by a quick and
tragic retribution for a great wrong has
been brought to light by the sudden death
here of William Boulton, alias William
T. Wilson, scion of a well-known English
family. ' The man went under an assumed'
name to escape identity, and when his
lifeless body was found there was at first
no one to identify him except a woman
who claimed to be his wife. But to-day
witnesses swore positively that the dead
man's name was William Boulton, who
eloped from England with the woman who
now claims to have been his wife. Boul
ton deserted a happy family and when
he came to Vancouver with another
woman he supposed himself safe from
But retribution found Boulton, if not
his companion, and ln a manner sudden
and terrible. Without a word of warn
ing Mrs. Boulton abruptly appeared on
the scene and confronted her guilty hus
band. What passed between them in that
last interview will never be known, unless
Mrs. Boulton chooses to tell, for a few
moments later Boulton sank to the ground
a corpse. The autopsy surgeon declared
after a close examination of the body and
its -organs that death had resulted from
fright and from no other cause
? v A ?°.V hei L drama , tlc . feature of tn e case is
that the husband of the woman who was
known here as Mrs. Wilson accompanied
Mrs. Boulton on her Journey across the
ocean and across the continont. The de
serted wife and the deserted husband
made common cause and together joined
ln the search for the runaways.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
William Boulton Falls Lifeless When
Confronted by the Woman He
Cruelly Deserted.
TRAGIC DEATH OF
ERRING HUSBAND
AT VANCOUVER
Y. M. I. Entertains.
PETALUMA. Dec. 6.— St Vlr,^»««-
Council.-Young Men's Institute H«t «v.« B
ing entertained Grand Offlw President"
Kierce and Director O'Toole of San p™5
Cisco. Visiting Institute inembmfr"'
Banta Rosa and Sonoma wcr^rfsinl
WbII Digger's Fatal Fall.
bAN BERNARDINO. Dec. 6,-Jose Ser-
C a8 ' £ P° rtu euese well-digger residine a*
North Cucamonga. was digging a weU for
n h oon °Th°cn a ih^T c °»&ny'thlr$tK
SBESffi SaeSI^S
LODI, Dec 6.— The Bank of Lodl opened
for business yesterday morning for the
first time since its late vice-president,
Francis Cogswell, committed suicide Ia3t
Saturday. Cashier Ferdun was In charge,
being assisted by W. H. Thompson, a
young business man of this place, who
will take permanently the position of as
sistant. No run was attempted, and the
matters of the institution went along as
smoothly as before the sad affair which
upset the entire community for a few
days. Th5 bank was ready for any. run
which might have occurred, however, and
could have paid every dollar due deposit
ors.
The confidence of the strong buniness
men and heavy depositors had a very
quieting effect on til others, and the re
port of the Bank Commissioners satisfied
every depositor that his money was per
fectly safe where it was. The mystery
surrounding the suicide of the bank's late
vice-president promises to be never
solved.
Successful Church Bazaar.
"\ ACAVILLE, Dec. G.-At the recent ba
zaar held in Vacaville in aid of St. Mary's
building fund the handsome cum of $1150
was raised, all expenses cleared. This
is Indr-od a creditahle showing for a small
hand S Wh0 had the affalr ln
Depositors . Satisfied and No Bun Is
Attempted.
LODI BANK REOPENS.
SANTA ROSA, Dec. 6.— A large audi
ence was in attendance in Justice Brown's
court to-day while Mrs. John S. Taylor
was before the magistrate and jury.
charged with battery by Professor D. E.
Martin.
Mr. Taylor accompanied his wife to the
courtrom, and was by her side during the
f ntire day. Professor Martin, the "prose
cuting witness, was also in attendance. A.
B. Ware was the counse* for the defend
ant and District Attorney O. O. Webber
was the prosecuting attorney.
On the witness stand Professor Martin
related the story of Mrs. Taylor's strik
ing h'm across the head and shoulders
four times on October 13th while- he was
watching the stock paradt. Attorney
Ware attempted to show that witness had
Just previous to that occurrence leered In
defendant's face and had turned his horse
so abruptly as an Insult to her thaf the
animal's' tail brushed the lady's gar
ments. This was very emphatically de
nied by Professor Martin. He said the
first time he saw her on that day was
when he received the lashes. The defend
ing attorney also tried to have the pro
fessor acknowledge that on several occa
sions previous to the whipping he had
laughed in Mrs. Taylor's face and
whistled at Mr. Taylor, but to no avail.
The rest of the day was taken up by a
large number of character witnesses for
the defendant.
Santa Rosa Woman Claims the Peda
gogue Laughed in Her Face and
Subjected Her to Other
Annoyances.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
MBS. TAYLOR SAYS
PROFESSOR MARTIN
INSULTED HER
NEW YORK, Dec. 6. — Champion
Jim Jeffries has not gone on rec
ord yet In denial of the soft Im
peachment that he Is about to
snatch from the vaudeville stage
one of its brightest stars and clasp it to
his manly bosom. In other words, he re
fusts to say that he is not engaged to
Dorothy Drew, who Jumped into fame
with the song. "I'd Leave My Happy
Home for You." She was enly in fun
when she sang it, but Jeffries ev'dently
took her up. and new everybody In sport
dom is anxious awaiting the announce
ment of the date for the signing of arti
cles.
The rumor of the match was wafted
out early in the week, when the champ
ran over to New Haven, Conn. He was
met at the depot by Dorothy herself, who
is filling an engagement In that city.
All day Jeffries was very attentive to
Miss Drew wherever they appeared In
public. The actress wore a huge bouquet
of American Beauty roses, the gift of the
champion.
The report spread, and was not denied
by Jeffries, that he has become engaged
to Miss Drew. He declined to discuas the
report, however, referring all questioners
to Miss Drew. "If she says It's true, why
It Is, of course." Later, when friends
ceased chalHng and seriously congratulat
ed him, Jeffries accepted their good
wishes. .'."•'-
"Am I married to Mr. Jeffries or am I
engaged? I'm not going to say a word
about it. Why not ask Mr. Jeffries?" said
Miss Drew. ,
THE DASHIXG YOUNG VAUDEVILLE ARTISTE SOON TO BE PLUCKED
FROM THE "STARRY" FIRMAMENT BT'THE CHAMPION OF THE
WORLD. :¦-'-',
For Racing- in Sleighs.
A novel form of harness racing Is plan
ned by the New Jersey trotting turfman,
"Barney" D^marest. to be held on the
half-mile track at Morristown. X. J.. as
soon as the weather Is opportune. De
marest's intention is to take advantage of
the fim frow that falls in sufficient quan
tity and convert his half-mile course Into a
racetrack for sleighs, the racing to be con
tinued as long as the snow and ice needed
remain good. A programme of purses will
b« offered. The idea was borrowed from
the Canadian custom of holding trotting
races on the ice. Demarest will try to
preserve th<-- snow as long as possible, and
V sprinkling the surface with water
whenever there is a freezing temperature
expects to have good sleighing long after
the roads and streets are bare of snow.
Eilacksmltha will be on hand to keep sharp
the shoes of horses intended to race.
Columbia's Team Not Coming.
Thp proposed trip of the Columbia Unl
verBity football team to California, which
> have taken place during the
< hristmas holidays, has been abandoned.
Th«: permission of the faculty of the uni
veraty had be»r. obtained, but Manager
Snocmakerjreeelred a telr^ram from the
i tp.rs of the Vnivorsity of California
tA V'.l' wnop ? invitation the trip was
to ha\e been taken, declining to guaran
ty o»e Rumj which Mr. Shoemaker con
•,.;' ffi^g^SL* C0 V. er *** expenses of
tm tri.K Mr. Shoemaker therefore decid
ed to ¦ :iM the negotiation* off.
Commodore Henderson Dying.
Commodore Alexander Honderson. U. S.
?nn£ t I f 1 f h^o^« h^steo'f
paralysis a year bw, from which h* never
recovered. He is W( , ak and n "a r "y^$
S?5e'h°ifc o T f h hft^™. ending Ve
Californians in New York.
The following Californians are in New
York: From San Kranci-co-A Camnh7ii
at Albemarle: H. FlctehhaSn^ a\ C-
K. Zion. at Vendors: D. A. Huise at Nor'
m.indie: T. T. Williams am*, wife at Neth
orlands; E. D. Halden. at Hoffman; d"
Hclbing and wife, at fit. Cloud- Mrs M
Patrick, at Marlborough; W. White at
Imperial.
The annual report of the work of tfi<*
board of education of the Methodist Epls
copaj church has just been made hers
bishop Andrews of Now York presided at
the meeting and among other members of
The board present were Bishop Hurst of
Washington. D. C: the Rev. L_ R. Fisk
of Albion, Mich.: the Rev. J. W. Lindsay
of Boston; the Rev. Dr. W. F. King of
Cornell College, Iowa; John D. Slay back
of New York: Judge K. C. M. Ingraham
3f Brooklyn: Rev. W. V. Anderson of Sing
Sing, and George P. liukill of Oil City,
Pa.
Joseph S. Stout, the treasurer. present
ed a report showing that the amount of
money loaned directly to students in the
last year was $?1.7S4. The students aid^d
were 1S30 in number, distributed as fol
lows: In the New England States, 213;
in the Middle States. iZ2: in the Western
Mates, IZl; in the Southern States 315
ajid foreign students, 23. They represent
ed altogether twenty-one different nation
alities. The legacies to the board during
the year amounted to S2S.545, including
the legacy by William Godthorpe to the
amount of J21.20S. The income of the
board during the year was from the fol
lowing- source: Children's day oollec
:;.-,ns. S69.32«; from Invented fund's, $14 4S5:
returned loans. 125,377.
The report of the corresponding secre
tary. William F. McDowell, showed that
at the beginning of the century the
Ffhools of the Methodist Episcopal church
were accurately represented by Bishop
Fowler's dramatic phrase. "The ashes of
one colUge." but that at present the Meth
<-'di?t church has an investment of more
than $»}/X».000 in schools and colleges, and
that the church has added to the perma
nent funds devoted to education an aver
ajre of nearly &OQ.(Xk) a year during the
last seventy years.
Methodist Episcopal Schools.
XE'.V YORK. Dec. 6.— Detectives of the
J. rs«>y City Police Department have ar
restfd two Chinese in the Pennsylvania
Kail-oad station in Jersey City for al
lege! violation of the Chinese exclusion
law The prisoners, who said they w<;re
Chfag Tong and Yin Wah, were passen
gers en the Lehigh Valley express train
frcm Buffalo. They had berths in the
Pullman sleeping car. They/ were taken
beore United States Comndssioner F.o
nuine and were held to await examixi
atlDa. It is alleged tlm they were smug
gkd across the bor-ler and were to be
talen to a place in New York where
Chinese immigrants are received and ob
ta'n employment.
Chief of the Jersey City Police Murphy
received information that Chinese were
b'-ing smugggled into New York by the
¦wholesale, as manv l^s ten a dav some
times arriving over the Lehigh" Valley
read. The Pennsylvania Railroad sta
tion was watched and u was noticed Hint
etch morr.ir.gr Chinese arrived from Buf
falo, and were would be a Chinese in thn
station. Ho would make an almost im
perceptible sign and the new arrivals
wcuid follow htm to New York. The New
Ycrk Chinese would hold no conversation
with the others. The arrests Just made
ar? the result of . those Investigations.
TJtf prisoners had their clothes covered
with mud. which the police believe con
firms the theory that they were smuggled
across the boundary «n boats.
Fighting- for Bice's Milions.
Albert T. Patrick, now in the Tombs on
charge of forgery, through his attorneys,
Logan, Demond & Harby, filed an answer
to-day with the Surrogate's Court to the
petition to probate tfct- will of William
Marsh Rice, which was executed Septem
ber 26. 1S98. A second will has been of
fered for probate by Patrick in which he
is made the residuary legatee of Rlce"%
estate, which is said to be valued :«t
S*.Oi0.000. and this will provides that
should any of the legatees contest they
fhall be barred from inheriting any por
lion of the estate and that such portion
of the estate shall go to Patrick. Patrick
n.llefzfs that the will bearing date of Sep
tember Co, 1SS6, was not executed by Rico
and that the signatures of the alleged
witnesses are forgeries.
Capture of Mongols While
on Their Way to
New York.
Arrivals at a Railroad Station Are
Silently Conducted by a
Guide Who Makes
Signals.
CLEVER PUN TO
SMUGGLE CHINESE
PETALUM A; , Dec. « 6.— Mrs. Alvina Mc-
Farland.lan: aged negress, a relic of the
slavery days, died In this city last even-
Ing. -With her husband she came to Cal
ifornia after the war and has resided here
since. She was over 100 years of age.
Death of a Centenarian.
SANTA CRUZ. Dec. 6.-Rev. C. C. Her
rlolt. the new pastor of the Presbyterian
Church, was installed this evening at the
church edifice before a large con
gregation. Rev.. Robert Robinson of
Wrights, moderator of the Presbytery,
presided.' The. sermon was preached by
Rev. Dr. Frazer of Oakland. The charge
to the pastor was given by : Dr. Dinsmore
of San Jose, and the charge. to ; the people
by Dr. McLaren of the same place.
Pastor Installed.
VANCOUVER, B. C, Dec. 6.— As a re
sult of the elections for the House of
Commons to-day in two British Colum
bian constituencies, Burrard and Yale-
Carboo, Sir Wilfrid Laurier. gains two ad
ditional supporters. In Burrard district
the city of Vancouver gives 740 majority
to Rev. George R. Maxwell, Liberal, over
James T. Garden, Conservative,' the latter
serving his third term as Mayor of.Van
couver.. Returns from many outlying poll
ing places throughout the district have
not yet been received, but these will prob
ably Increase rather than diminish Max
well's majority. No naturalized Japanese
attempted to vote.
In Yale-Cariboo there was a triangular
contest. . the candidates being Galllher,
Liberal: McKane, Conservative, and Fol
ey,, Labor. Galliher's plurality will' be
about 250. The vote, with every polling
placf heard from except three, is: Galli
her, 2469: Foley, 2263; McKane. 2109.,
Both Burrard and Yale-Cariboo returned
Liberals to the late Parliament and Max
well succeeds himself.
COLUMBIAN ELECTIONS.
SEATTLE. Dec. 6.— The steamers
Clansman of Victoria and the Mattewan,
bound for San Francisco with coal from
Tacdraa, were in collision oft Point No
Point on Tuesday night at 10:30 o'clock.
The Mattewan was able to proceed on her
voyage, but the Clansman was so badly
damaged that it was necessary to tow
her to Seattle for repairs. Captain Wil
liam McKenzle of the Clansman holds the
captain of the Mattewa.n to be in fault as
to his course.
"He was hugging the shore," said Mc-
Kenzle. "when with a big vessel like that
he should have been out in the channel.
"It was a clear night and both vessels
had their lights burning properly. The
Mattewan was heavily laden, and I Judge
must have been caught by an eddy off
the point and swung around. Our bow
struck her twenty feet abaft of her. stern
on the starboard side. The steam pipes
around . our boiler burst and we had to
draw the fires. The ; op of the deck was
6plit open more than twenty feet.
"The Mattewan stood by and her cap
tain suggested that we be towed In by
the Tatoosh, which was done."
gether Off Point No Point but
No Lives Are Lost.
Mattewan and Clansman Come To-
VESSELS COLLIDE
IN NOBTHEBN WATERS
Lord succeeded in freeing himself and
ran out of the door. Thompson followed
and drawing a revolver shot Lord. The
bullet passed through the left arm. enter
ing the back, and imbedded itself in the
chest. The noise attracted the attention
of persons in the neighborhood, who upon
arrival disarmed Thompson and sum
moned medical assistance for Lord. Hte
body is paralyzed from his heart down,
and it is not expected he will live through
the night.
SEATTLE. Dec. 6.— Stones Landing on
Puget Sound about twenty miles south
of Seattle was the scene of a shooting
affray last evening. Elmer Lord, fatally
wounded by Samuel Thompson, waa
brought to the city this morning. Thomp-
Bon made no. effort to. escape, and was
taken into custody by a Deputy Sheriff.
Recently Thompson, who lives alone,
missed a shotgun stolen from his house.
He accused Lord of the theft of the
gun. Lord lives a short distance from
Thompson and the two met on the road
last evening. Thompson asked Lord to
go to his house and they would come to
some understanding.
Lord had no sooner passed through the
door than he was attacked by Thomp
son, who cut him above the left eye with
a butcher knife.
flicted by Samuel Thompson.
Elmer Lord Dying From Wound In-
FATAL SHOOTING
AT STONES LANDING
LOXDON, Dec. 6. — A Rome special says:
The Messageror says Dr. Mazzoni per
formed a slight- operation yesterday for a
tumor underneath .the Pontiff's arm. The
Messageror asstrts that the health of the
Pope has not been altogether satislactory
for some time past, and he has occasion
ally suffered In the part wrrcre he was
operated upon In 1S98, which- caused his
physicians to perform a slight operation
yesterday. It removed the pain.
The Pope wis merely recommended to
rest for a few days, according to the
paper rnentlor.ed. On the other hand, a
semi-official statement says the Pope's
health is perfect and that he continues his
numerous receptions without fatigue.
The only incident, according to the semi
official statement, was that the Pope a
month ago while examining a heavy ob
ject dropped it on his left toe. 'He said
nothing until this week, when he told his
physicians that he felt a pain in walking,
and Drs. Lapponi and Mazzoni dressed the
bruise. The Pope" to-day is quite well,
and It is incorrect to say that the opera
tion of 1S98 Is giving, him trouble, as only
a healthy scar remains.
France's Amnesty Bill.
A Paris special says: In the Chamber
of Deputies the debate on the Govern
ment's amnesty bill as amended by the
Senate crowded the house this afternoon.
M. Drumont, anti-Semite, representing one
of the Algiers districts, demanded that the
measure be applied generally, and notably
to MM. Deroulede, Guerln and Marcel-
Habert.
M. Lascles, anti-Semite, representing an
Algiers division, said the Government's
sole aim was to stop certain inconvenient
trials. He reproached It for excluding
political prisoners from. the amnesty.
M. Guleysse, Radical Republican, repre
senting a dtvlslon of Lorlent. said the af
fair which dominated all the others was
the Dreyfus case. Amnesty would deprive
Dreyfus of the means of proving his in
nocence, and if Ruilty he ought not to be
pardoned. Continuing, he declared amid
noisy Interruptions that amnesty would
shelter a rascal like Esterhazy and leave
under suspicion estimable others, such as
To Buy Works of Art."
A special from Paris says: It has been
learned that the French Government has '
given John B. Cauldwell. director of arts
at the Paris Exposition, who sailed on
the Deutschland last Friday, a commis
sion to sound certain American artists
resident In the United States upon the
subject of the Hale of some of their works.
The French Minister of Fine Arts has ex
pressed the desire of the- Government to
secure examples of the art of American
painters living in the United States for
the national gallery at the Luxembourg
palace. This is one of the results of the
excellent showing made by American
artists at the Paris Exposition.
Condition of the Czar.
A Livadla special says: The following
bulletin was Issued this morning by the
Czar's psysicians: "The Czar slept well
all night long. His general condition and
spirits are very good. His temperature
and pulse are normal."
Dr. Mazzoni Operates Upon
His Holiness and
Relieves Pain.
Conflicting Reports Concerning the
Pontiff Are Finally Set at
; . Rest by, an Official
Statement.
REMOVES TUMOR
FROM POPE'S ARM
THE SAH .FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, DECEMBER 1, 1900.
"JEFF" DOES NOT DENY
HIS LOVE FOR DOROTHY
Miss Drew May Leave , Her Happy Home to
Marry the Heavyweight. Ghamp. ,
3
Cteo. W. Peck, ex-Governor
of Wisconsin, has written
. about that Bad Boy grown up.
Of course you remember the
oid original "Peck's Bad Boy"
which made the greatest hit
in : the world of . comics that
has ever been made. Well, the
boy is just as funny now as he
was then, and ; Mr. . Peck has
consented to tell 'our- readers
about him as he now is.\ If
you don't get next Sunday's
Call you will miss the 'first of
these great papers, for he
writes , for The , Call exclu-
sively and you can't afford to
overlook the largest wave of
fun that, has ever struck the
coast.
The weather has been urging you to buy a new overcoat,
the season has been suggesting it and now our sale is tempt-
ing you. So you can't put it off any longer. Better buy now
and your comfort will begin with your purchase.
About two months ago, while going over our overcoats,
we saw that we had far too many top coats. There was a
whole line of them at $10.00, so to reduce the stock we
reduced the price to
$7.50
Remember that the top coat is fashionable for everyday wear, and that
ours are union made, good in quality, style and fit, and are to be had at a price
that is an absolute saving. Three shades to choose from: tan, brown and olive.
For men who are in need of suits rather than overcoats we have some
fancy cheviots at the same price — $7.^0 — that will wear well and fulty demon-
strate that they are worth the price.
Every suit is union made, and we will agree to keep it in repair anytime
you bring it in. We needn't sny more than this about the suits.
: •—^ Boys* A^estee Suits
jpK|||^|v Here are only a few of the many values to be
-*SP^Vi^iB ac * * n t * 1 ' s d e P artment > which is filled with boys'
"Ws^^mw clothing, hats and furnishings.
£^^ Sjp Vestee suits for boys from 3 to 8 years of age ;
j&gg^'W Scotch cheviot material in checks, stripes and solid
*d/^i~z§&b^ blues ; vestees in double and single breasted fancy
y3S£fl Ipir ifl||ppk patterns, with or without separable shield ; good
i^^S^^^jfflrl^Sk values » w orth $1^.00 ; price
'(¦Nil HOO_a suit
i^^^SS^M^'^^^Sr Derby ribbed underwear for children, ages 1 to 6
yearS ' 25C a § armen^
V^lBSSiB : 'f!il Children's fine sanitary underwear, ages 1 to 6
Ct w^W% ill years, 50c a garment.
WSi 1 lUil Children's natural gray all-wool underwear, ages
ftflS t Wm J ust received, a new shipment of boys' all-wool
H» fHw sweaters at $1 00 and upward. .
55$? nil Baseball outfit free with .every boy's suit or
HBM Covert cloth, -satin-lined automobile coats for
little girls from 3 to 13 years old, made to order for
$10.00 each.
Santa Claus will be on the second floor of our store to-morrow
morning with lots of sweets for the little folks.
We fill all mail orders promptly and carefully. We have one department whose only work is
to fill oui-of-town orders and correspond with these customers. We would be pleased to have
your name on our mailing list.
s#\VOop$fl)
118 Market Street,
ADVERTISEMENTS.Mile and a sixteenth, handicap— Klnnlklnnlc
won, Alslke second, Thorough third. Time,
Renewal of Hunters' Champion Steeplechase
abcut two and a half miles— Sacket won. Diver
Eccond, Breach of Promise third. Time, 5:2fi 2-5.
Six furlongs— The Hogue won. Provost "sec
end. Queen Carnival third. Time. 1:17.
Mile and 100 yards, selling — Oneck Queen won,
Althea second, Miss Hanover third. Time
1 ::>2 3-5.
Five and a half furlongs— Kentucky won,
Ur.ele Josh second. Imperialist third. Time,
Six furlongs— Salvatetta won, Cogswell sec
end. Flaneur third. Time. 1:19 2-5.
Five and a half furlongs— Federalist '.von,
Hcpiirook second, Fal;e Alarm third. Time
1:11 2-5.
Seven furlong?, handicap— Moroni won, Glen-
Uke second, General Mart Gary third. Time
lS5»i.
Six furlonRs — Triadltza won. Joe Martin sec
ond. Pcrivener third. Time, 1:19.
Six and a half furlongs, selling— Jim Gore II
won, Little Pallie second, Uterp third. Time,
WASHINGTON, Dec. 6.— Results at
Bennings:
Mile and a sixteenth. seHini? — Candlehlack
won. Admetus second. Monk Wayman third
Time. l:5a»4.
Six furlonps, selling— SaraRamp woni '-• Elsie
Dpi fcecond. Juanetta third. Timp, 1:22X.
Plx furlong*, spiling— Animosity won. W. J.
lKboe second. .Educate third. Time. 1:21. ¦
Will Lead Cardinal.
STANFORD UNIVERSITY. Dec. . 6.—
Ralph S. Fisher .was to-night chosen to
lend the cardinal football *<H>ad next
year. The ble athletic " honor was con
ferred upon him to-night by his gridiron
associates. Hisher.ma^e his reputation in
lest year's big ntaich. when he played
right, half. He was prevented from going
This is the way. everybody will be greet
ed at the opening of the greatest bank
rupt shoe sale ever held anywhere.
Every pair .of shoes must be sold, the
quicker the better. No time .will' be lost.
To-morrow, for the opening of the sale.
1000 pairs. of men's $3.60 *- shoes - for ' only
*1.C5 a pair at the bankrupt shoe sale of
the California Shoe Company, 1506 Mar
ket street, near City Hall avenue. •
Good Morning! How Do You Do?
JOURNEYMEN.' BARBERS
MEET WITH SUCCESS
New Closing Movement After Thor
¦ .. oiigh Trial Proves Popular
and Satisfactory.
The new rules adopted by the Journey
men barbers for regular hours of toil has
met with decided success after a. trial of
nearly a week. The new rules went into
effect on last Sunday forenoon, by which
all union shops agreed to close at noon on
Sundays and holidays. The hours of labor
during week days are from 7 In the morn
ing to 8 at night, after which hour all
Bhades are to be drawn and the outside
doors locked, only those customers who
are inside at. closing time getting shaved
after hours.
With such unanimity existing between
employer and employe the Barbers' Union
has good reason to believe that it will con*
tinUe to flourish. rAVith a membership of
over S00 up to date and a -proprietorship
of close on 600 shops.- all united In one
good, common object, failure is unlikely.
Chretien Case Recalled.
¦, • Leiters. of 'administration: upon /the- es
tate . of the' late? Joseph « Sullivan/; "which
John- Mi 'Chretieli' and others: endeavored
to loot and landed in- jail^ were applied
for • yesterday : by < John- Sulllvan.v -who
claims 'to- be a* brother 1 , of the ' deceased.
In ithe' application- for letters '¦ of admlnls
trationit is stated" that ; there yet remains
the sum of $3GS8'17 .which is the. property
of 'the 'decedent's" estate."; The -claimant
sets- up his .relationship and : states' that
proof of -the t truths of his claim. wllf,he
forthcoming on ¦ the hearing <• of the . peti
tion. Sullivan is represented by Attor
ney J. P. Barnett. . •
v - .-.•¦'.-
PETALUMA," Dec. 6.-A ; branch . of the
Retail Grocers* Association was organized
In Petaluma last nlsht. the: roll of mem
bership, including nearly all the grocers
°i f l - « c i tJ r' £¦ I i a "" n was elected presi
dent" ftnd LQtjisSteitz, secretary, and a
committee of: the*.¥oll&wlng men was
named for the temporary good "of- the
order: Fred Nauert... M. de Martin;
Joseph Vlera, E. E. Drees L. Steitz W
B. Lloyd and J. H. Hamilton.
Grocers Organize.
WASHINGTON. Dec. 6— The State De
partment to-day received a formal protect
f n m R. H. May, the American engineer
who l»: forcibly detained in Guatemala.
May submits an affidavit through S. A.
W.Jtber*poon, whom he names as his at
torney. J.5r. Witherspoon's paper is dated
at "Now Orleans, December 4. May says
that he is a citizen of Mississippi tempo
rarily residing In Guatemala, where an
arbitration has just be«n determined in
Ma favor by the British Minister. Mr.
Jenncr. After that matter had been de
cld«-d May Icfi Guatemala City and went
to Port Harrios, whore on the 29th Ult. he
attempted to embark on the steamer Still
water for New Orleans. He had procured
a passport and had secured an attorney of
record, in the per SOU of William F. Fuqua,
to represent him in. the country In
any judicial proceedings against him.
Whfn May was ejeceted from Gua
temala, October 2*. by the mili
tary authorities he owed his employes on
; hf Northern Ilailroad about $12,000 Gua
temalan money, -which he was unable to
pay, on account of the failure of the Gua
temalan Government to pay him (143,759
American gold, lately awarded him. James
Wilkinson sued May and secured a writ of
detention, forbidding him to leave the
country until his claim was settled. May
says that article 74 of decree 273 is the
only proviso under which a person can be
prevented from leaving the country, yet
that article i>ermits departure when an
attorney of record is appointed. May says
;hat he was prepared with a formal in
strument and presented It to the Guate
mala officers.* phowing that he had ap
pointed- such attorney lo the person of
Mr. Fuqua.
"Notwithstanding this." says May, "I
was forcibly seized, pulled off the gang
w«y of the ship and thereby prevented
from coining to the United States, and am
now detained at Guatemala."
The affidavit concludes with a list of
witnesses lo support his Ftatemenls and
MQnesta the State Department to demand
h!s immediate release and the payment to
him of an indemnity of (5(109 damages "for
said willful and malicious wrong."
American Engineer Who Is
Forcibly Detained in
Guatemala.
PROTEST SENT
TO WASHINGTON
MAYSVILLE, Ky., Dec. 6.— William
Gibson, the man who is charged with
fiendishly torturing to death with a red
hot iron his helpless two-year-old step
daughter, at Cattlettsburg. Ky., two
weeks ago, Is safely In jail here. In "an
Interview to-night he denied everything
and laughed idiotically. When asked as
to why he fled if innocent, he replied:
"Well, you see this thing was hollered
about and made so much over that the
people got excited, and your know show
people are when they get eyecited." •-.
He said- he had slept in>ravlnes, under
brldgerf and. In the underbrush for the
past two weeks.? His > intellect seemed
somewhat blurred and at times his stupid
ity was* very perceptible. .
Everything is quiet-, here to-night and
there are no indications of mob violence.
Fiendish Murderer Lodged
x in Jail! by the -
Sheriff: 7 j
GIBSON SAFE
FROM THE MOB
BOSTON. Dec. 6.— Thomas C. Butler,
aged 61 years, formerly champion sculler
of New England, died at the home of his
brother here to-day of heart disease. - -••
Ex-Champion Sculler Dead.
STANFORD UNIVERSITY. Dec. 6.—
The football men vntPtl to accept the of
fer made by the Columbia team to play
them In San Francisco on Christmas day.
This Insures, a big hoMday match If the
Eastern men are prepared to make their
offer good. Should Columbia come west,
a second match will be played In Los An
geles on New Year's day. Trie 'men also
decided that In the future the football
captain should b« selected each Thanks
giving, day before the players left the
field, and that only those who had played
in the intercollegiate match should vote.
Will Play Columbia.
SAN RAFAEL. Dec. 6.— The semi-cen
tennial anniversary of the founding of
the Dominican order on this coast was
celebrated with impressive ceremonies • at
the Dominican College in this city to-day.
Fifty years ago Archbishop- Alrmnny,
Father VUarrasa and Mother Mary Goe
mat-re arrived from Spain and instituted
the well-known order. In the beautifully
decorated college chapel, in which were
assembled all the young lady pupils, the
Rev. Father Sesnon celebrated a solemn
high mass, after which Rev. Father Eagan
pronounced a benediction. The scholars
were given a holiday. Theatricals and a
concert in the college hall made the occa
sion an enjoyable one. Many of the young
ladles who took part showed ability of ex
tremely high order. ' ¦ i^.
Dominican Anniversary.
TACOMA. Dec. 6.— An immense zone of
highly mineralized quartz has been traced
from Sheep Creek, near .Tuneau. through
Gold Creek to Salmon Creek. This zone
is from 400 to 1000 feet In thickness and
about four miles in extent. It consists
chiefly of schistose slate interspersed with
quartz, which feathers in and out Irregu
larly through the entire mass of slate
which lies as a general rule .parallel to
the formation. The slate formation dips
to the east at an angle of about 60 degrees.
Juneau mining men have, been making
careful tests to ascertain "whether»the ore
values are sufficient to make the working
of the rock profitable. Values of $3 to $4
have- been obtained, showing that the
greater portion of thin rock Is richer than
the famous Treadwell mine. •' •><•¦-• •¦
Rich Zone of Quartz.
into this year's contest by a broken shoul
der, but this in no wise shook the confi
dence which his associates had in him
Kisher is a junior In college, 21 years of
age and registers from The Dalles. Ore
gon. He Is the brother of Forest S.
Fisher. Stanford's captain two years ago.
SUES WIPE OF HALF A
CENTUBY FOR DIVORCE
Daniel Goldberg Says He Has -Been,
Deserted — Decrees Granted and
Actions Instituted.
An action for divorce was Instituted yes
terday by Daniel Goldberg of 331 Hayes
street, against Emille Goldberg. The
couple were near the date upon which
their golden wedding was to have been'
celebrated, they having married at War-
Haw Russia,/in 1S07. : Goldberg is 73 years
of age and his wife is five years his
junior. <
About a year ago Mr. and Mrs. Gold
berg quarreled over property and the re
sult was a separation. Though Goldberg
is worth several hundred thousand dol
lars he resented his wife's effort to con
trol a portion of the same. She filed an
application recently to have his estate
placed in the hands of trustees. Ilia ac
tion for divorce is the culmination of their
troubles";
Decrees of divorce were granted yester
day to Louella Taber from Edwin P."
Taber for willful neglect, Celesta K. Begin
from Joseph Begin for neglect, Luis
Franco from Dolores Franco on the
ground of fraud, Daisy V. Keeney from
Frank W. Keeney for desertion, Marie J...
Fell from St. John G. Fell. for cruelty,
Rose H. C Castrone from G. M. C. Cas
trone for neglect. Emma A. Butler from
Edward Butler for. neglect- and- Inger K.
M. Nielsen Trom Ole Nlelson for extreme
cruelty. . - , ' . •¦•¦•
Suits for divorce 1 were filed yesterday
by Loella . M. "Dalley against Edward O.
Dailey for -desertion. Theresa Stengel
against Charles J:-Stengel for cruelty and
Hannah Ryanagalnst Michael Ryan for
cruelty. ;" "
ON EASTERN TRACKS.
Results of Races Held at, Bennings
and New Orleans.
NEW ORLEANS. Dec. 6.— Weather fine;
track heavy. Resultsv
Probable Winners.
Kirs>t Race—Bee Bee, Bamboulla, Gllssando.
Swnnd Race—RavellinK. Argreeor. Spindle.
Third Race—Florizar, Bancor. Alice Turner.
Fourth Race—Seide, Rollick, Pea Lion.
Fifth Ilace— Ordnunp. High Hoe. Our Lizzie
Sixth Race —Galanthd», Expedient, Bernota.
Sixth Race — One mile; two-year-olds and up;
s»IlinK.
1425 Bernota S4i Ii91 Jim McCleevy.ll*
1417 Fre* Lance ...11« 1428 Loneliness 84
14?.5 Col. Uoot ......H'i 1426 Ix>conomo IIS
1443 Owensboro ....107 1424 romlng Bvent.lW
1426 Kxi>edlent 104 1428 Clalanthus 84
1?.S3 llaydlne 104 1439 Wax 107
Fifth Race— Six furlonrs; three-year-olds and
up; Bflljng:
. Necklac* 109! 1432 Dlomed 10.'.
(14.-!S»Vantlne 104| 141R Pilot M
137S IvOtnond .... 85: 1401 I.a Mascotta.... S.
1437 Ordnuns 11? 1427 Our L.!i*le ....112
1434 Mlttrn 104J .... Ral*ton 100
10,-4 Flamero I»l 14^1 High Hoe 103
accepting his explanation, fined him a
nominal penalty. £25. Th^y Inflicted a
similar fine on C. A. Mills, who acted as
commissioner for Ax. Gardiner.
"Finding both charges proved against
Sloan they informed him that he need
not- apply for a license to ride.
"The stewards Inquired Into the run
ning of Gerolstein and The Scotchman II
at Liverpool. A number of witnesses, in
cluding both jockeys, were examined. The
inquiry was extended to other horses rid
den by \^ Reiff. The stewards decide
that no Suspicion whatever attached to
THE CALL'S RACING FORM CHART.
P*ypJ^*P- RACETRACK. THURSDAY. PECEJVtBER 6.— Weather fine. Track fast.
1144. FIRST RACE— Futurity course; two-year-olds: purse. |3S0.
I ~~~ PoTj , Betting »
Index Horse and Weight. PstjSt. '6- %. Str. Fin. Jockeys. Op. HI. Cl. PI.
1421 Selde ...10S 22 12 11 12 1 H Coburn 4 6 6 2
1421 Articulate 1CS 45 21 23 23 25 ilounce .... 6 9 9* 3
1421 Bab 105 7 8. 7 3 6 1 4 1 3 1^ J. Miller.... 3 7-2 5-2 4-5
1314 Homage ...: 105 « 1 51 52 3U 4n O'Connor... 6 12 10 5
Bard of Avon 105 14*41 3n 61 51 Dominlck .. 2 5-2 8-5 7-10
IMS Rio de Altar log 8 7= 6 2 7 4 5 2 64 Alexander.. 10 40 40 10
( Flatterer 1CS] 5 3 3n 4H 76 7 10 J. Daly 20 20 20 S
I idYJAbba- L>t.-;??^r^USJ 3 6 8 8 8 8 Brodlen .... 25 100 100 20
Time— To % :2l%: to >4. :4.ili: last *i. 1:00%; short *i," l:10'i. Good start. Won first three
driving. Winner. S. C. Hildreth's ch. c. by Azra-FlosBie. Selde ran a swell race. With
a bettor start Bab would have been hard to beat. Bard of Avon not up to a bruising
race. Flatterer showed ppp.il. Scratched — Andrattus 106, Tenny Belle 105.
1445 SECOND RACE— One mile; selling; three-year-olds and up; purse, $350.
__^ _ _ ... ' *[~ netting
Index I Horse, Age, Weight. IPst St. %. >%.""' Str. Fin. Jockeys. Op. Hit Cl. PI.
1434 Ircssence. 3' 103 2 5 7 6 Vi 1 1 1 Vi O'Connor ... 4 6 5 2
142>> jAnjou. 3 107 4 2 21 In 212 1^ Mounce .... 4 5 13-5 1
HIS jMcNamara, 3 ....% 11 6 2 . 7 . 4 »4 3 n Martin. S 12 12 a
1427 [Osmond. 4 102 5 4 54 5 1 3n' 4 2 Coburn 5 10 10 4
<1432) Hctculean. 3 104 3 7 3h,3h «H 51 Wedderst'd 5-2 4 4 6-5
1427 Ollnthu*. 4 Ill 6 6- In 2 IVi r. I 6 >i .1. Wood* 5-2 7-2 7-2 6-5
1408 jjennle UeJd. 4... 107 7 3 4 h( 4 h 7 7 E. Row ) 8 10 30 '4
Time-';. :2t>: >*, :50; *4, l:15«i: mile. 1:41. Cad start. Won cleverly. Second ami third
driving. Winner, Burns & Watorhouse's b. g. by Imp. St. Andrew-Extract. Clip just about
suited Essence. Anjou outsprlnted last part. Herculean seemed unable to do much.
Olinthus pave 5t up after doliiK well for six furlongs. Scratched — Tr^yathan 98, Imperious
_ l"I-- < i r J" u -"5 JL 1 '- -'j 1 '^- J° n r 109 - Snl P" 113 - '
144<{. THIRD RACE— Five and a half furlongs: handicap: all-ages; purse, $400.
I Po. • . " ' r- ¦ Dotting -r— — -\
Index [Horse. Age, 'Weight. Pst St. »4- ?*. Str. Fin. Jockeys. Op. HI. Cl. PI.
14S« Odd Or. 3 12S -22 11 22 11 12 Wedderst'd 2 3 3 6-5
U363) Hermoso, 5 130 9 5 2 1ft 14 2 3 > 2 2 Domlnick .. 5 6 6 2
1352 Clarando. 4 112 10 1 3 2 3 2 3 1 !n E. Jones.... 20 50 50 12
1332 Kenllworth. 2 ...118 7 4 4 h 4 >,, 4 »i 4 i N. Turner.. 3 5 5 8-5
<*33> Frank Bell. 4. ...126 5 8 6H 5 1 51 5 1 Mounce .... 8 12 12 4
.... I.Meehanus, 4 12? 6 6 6 1 6 % « >4 6 n O'Connor ... 2 4 4 7-5
14)1 |Mldlove. 4 114 4 7 7 1 7 1 .7 1 7 »4 Fauntleroy . 6 ( 40 40 112
.... |MacGyle. 3 96 8 9 10 3 8 8 4 Martin 15 20 15 8
.... ;Gold Badge, 2... .103 1 3 8 1 8 9 9 4 J. Wotfds... 10 20 20 8
(1230 jMaresa. 2 97| 3 10 9 2 10 10 10 Ransch ... 10 12 12 4
Time— 3-16. :1S: 7-16, :41«i; 5',4f, l:O6>4. Good start. Won cleverly. Second and third driving.
Winner. I.iger & Brown's ch. c. by Imp. Oolden Garter-Belle B. Gold Or outgamed Her
mofo. Clarando ran ahead of his number. Kenilworth will take some beating from this
time en. Meehanus not ready probably. Scratched— Good Hope 114, St. Rica 100, Alum
inum 107.
14-17. FOUUTH RACE— One mile; all a*?es; Shasta Water Handicap: purse. SSCO.
j '¦ jPoT] < t Batting — ' v
Indn'Horse, Age, Weight. IPst.St. \\. M. Str. Fin. Jockeys. Or>. HI. Ci. PI.
I4*i* Diderot. 2 00 11 1 >j 1 1 1 ! | ll'i Martin 5-2 3 11-.". 3-3
USt Malay. 4 lft". 2 2 21 21 21 2n J. Woods.... 4 5 5 6-5
14*3 iVulcaln. 3 110 34 4 3 32 3 4: O'Connor ... 7-10 4-5 4-5 —
n.'-'.l) :Grand Sachem. 5.100 4 3 3 n 4 4 4 |Mounce 10 15 15 3
Time— 1 .;. :25U; J i. ?i. 1:H: mll^. l-Wi. Good Ftart. Won ridden out. Second and
third driving. Winner, Atkin & Lottridge's ch. g. by Rousseau-1-a Relna. Winner nicely
ridden from start. Malay did his level best. O'Connor on favorite did not use be?t judg
ment. Scratched — Wooster Boy 114. Olinthus lfO. Kenilworth 100. Formero 108.
14-JN. FIFTH RACK — Six furlongs; Felling; tlsree-year-olds and up; purse, $400.
¦' p o .| .>-: r- "Betting x
Index lllorse. Age. Weight. PstjSt, U. »4- Str. Fin. Jockeys. Op. Hi. Cl. PI.
K30 ''Theory 4 ...1W' 54 44 32 11 11 io'Connor ... 5 5 3 7-10
1430 Gibraltar. 5 114| 4 1 21 2n S4 !3 Coburn 7-5 2 2 7-10
O«0) !.st. Cuthbeit. S...109 2 2 1 'i 1 'i 3 2 3 3 J. Woods... 5-2 5-2 8-5 1-2
l"«0 Mocorito. 5 104 6 5 5H 62 66.44 Mounce S IS 15 4
K7» 'Alaria, 4 102 1 3 3n 4'i 41-51 Kauntleroy 30 20D 200 f,\\
Utt jPompino, 4. Ill 7 7 7 5 1 S 3 6 13 Farrell 12 30 20 6
141S jWerthelm. 4 102J 3 6-627 7 7 Domlnick ¦¦ 50 2CHt 200 60
Time— 'i. :24>i: 'i. :47?i: \. l:12Vi- Good start. Won first three driving. Winner. D. A.
Honig's b. m. hy imp. Esher-Mornlng Olorj'- At stretch turn O'Connor on winner squeezed
through on rail, saving much ground. Gibraltar will be hard to catch next time. St. Cuth
bert a bit sore. Pomplno badly handled. Wairh him with a rider op. Scratched— Harry
Thatcher 97, Boundlee_9S._Hteh Iloe 7 -
i-t J!». SIXTH RACE— Mile and an eighth: sellinp: three-year-olds and up; purse, ?40O.
Po.] , Betting •
Indf x Illorse, Age. Weight. PstjSt. **. '«. Str. Fin. Jockeys. Od. HI. Cl. PI.
1T«> 'rastake 5 101 22 11 11 In 11 J. Martin... 8 20 15 6
14*7 im Mldo. 4 104 11 41 4'i2h 2n O'Connor ... 5 5 4 8-5
143 Opponent, 5 3011 53 2n 2h 3h 3n J. Daly 4 4 18-5 6-5
H35 |l»cochee.'4 1041 9 110 10 M 6 1 4 3 J. Woods.... 5 f> 20 8
] 4.V. 'owensboro 3 9Sj 4 <> 3h 3 h 4 :t 5 1 Toburn 8 12 12 4
H3i Koenic. 4 10 111 tS 6 2 T, »i 6 4 J. Miller.... .4 6 6 2
liPJi ' The Bobby. 3 101 7 I 7 51 :» 10 7 7 '4 Dominick" .. ¦ • 3 5 5 8-5
1434 1'arda. 5 1«4 F 6 6 *i 5 >j Sh 8 2 Mounce 8 -JO 10 • 4
12H7 «*ue. 3 95 3 K .". h *4 9 9 2 J. Walsh.,.. 30 100 ldO 40
1437 JEdgardo. 3 SS 11 4 7 4 ; 4 1" 10 Ransch 10 12- ;U . 5
14"6 'Sprung. 3 95 « *¦ Fell ... IPangman ... 20 30 30 ID
Time— H 'Mi **¦ :37V.: %. l:01*i; mil^. 1:41: lVfrm. 1:53»«. Poor start. Won first three drlv
irg. Winnf-r, StanfieM & Kills' b. it. t>y Apache-Una. Winner played in luck throughout.
No excuFe? tor El Mido. Daly on opponent wrf outflnished. Locochee and Koenlg came
from far back. Former would have won at a longer route. The Bobby lost his star.
Pi-ratched— Klckumbob 92. » - -- y-./ <S_ . Z-- - < .- •
Perry Hildreth has the selling race j
fevcT again. He bid C2Stake up $"<» after
that horse had taken the closing race.
The gelding was in to be sold for %2*)
nnd Owner StanfieM came back with the
usual %» bid.
Sprung, with DaTinrrmn in the saddle, j
stumbled as the field in the last event !
v.ns rousflinS th" hr?t turn and his rider j
was thrown. The incident gave the oc- ,
cupants V»f the sta'id a bad scare, but j
fortunately the boy f sen pc-d injury.
James Dyer has severed his connection i
h* trainer" for \V. R. Larzalere. Bill:'
Appleby is • now handling the Remsen
sTable horses.
Eighteen Ixioknuk'-rp cut in yesterday,
p falling r.ff. of three Irom last drawing.
Following are to-«Jay's entries:
{Copyrighted, DM. . by V. V>~. I^avitt. All
rights r»"s*r\'ed.) ....
T":m Race — F1\e furlongs; three-year-olds;
¦jiurw- :
13*2 Voumb Morello.jnT, 3165 Furamer \.107
1212 Be«- Be* 104' ]«s* Kurdoc 104
im Ou«=sie Faj" 10j; ir2 IJamroulia 104
i4"f> Th<- Buffoon ..1M; 1438 Anita n 9<5
1432 Xed I>-nniF....l'>4: 1438 Tinr-a-Mng ..KM
TOGUattndo l)». 1C8 Uw Zara lu4
•
Pfcon<1 Race — Six furlonps; maiiJfn two-year- |
nl<if. I'Urs*:
:ifV. ?:-¦•":.! ...... .11^' 1413 Infra 113
i(5 Dnn"> .111! 1433 Ravelling .....118
.... J^isenvine U5i ltl'i Misj^l 103
jrw Ajihrodis ...... .US! 1453 Mary AHce ..:.lll
Tins J^ordly 113j V.u Pj.indle 103
;4"7 Artxegor H*'
Third Uacp— One and a sixteenth miles; thrf-«- |
y»Kr-<>lds ard «i>< i»urse:.
Alice Turner .. 95] lir,4 Olengaber .....104
.... Florizar ..lOJ; 144S Vohieer 133
III] Iiayror 112 11^4 Hindoo Princ's. »5
Fourth Race *6«aea fdrioRgs; all ages; purse:']
OfC Gnat* fTT (1440) Pea Lion 112
.... Bill Garrrit....lio Foyntr S7
14U Rol!ftk >>: 1444 Flatterer «7
<]<K)NV>v!a 112 (1441)Seld«- W
lZy, Dlmond IO> I
Track Notes.
Favorite players aeain encountered I
squally weather at Oakland yesterday.
Bab. Anjnu. Vulcain, St. Cuthbert and i
Opponent, all first choices in the bettingri
went by the board, and the majority of J
books gathered some ooin. The track j
was very fast, and nowadays the fact
of a horse stepping six furlongs in 1:12H
excites little or DO comment.
The racing had a clean and healthy
took, and was viewed by A large crowd.
Castake, a very sort of a cus
tomer, captured the doping event at odds
of 20 to 1.
XVMi an 1800 purse as the inducement
the Shasta Water handicap attracted a
field of but four to the post. The most j
fancied of the quartet wa? Vulcain, with
110 in the saddlo. which closed at 4 to 5.
Only a few days before Diderot haj
jeefed off a mile in 1:4<>. :ind the two yea
old showed he was capable of repeating
the trick. Jack .Vartin at once took him
away in front, and, holding Malay pafe,
completed the journey, ridden out, lit |
3:3s* 3 *. O'Connor dropped in behind with i
the favorite, and when shaken up at th._-
turn the chestnut would not re
ppond. . "¦ "•-¦' :
The big chestnut three year old Gold
Or. the only putffpsful favorite, downed
a s. leet coterie of fast ones In the han
dicap over 5 J 2 furlongs. Shouldering 1_»S
pound*, he at or.ce cut <~>ut a very warm
clip, followed by Hermoso. The latter at
"ne time showed in the l?ad. but when ,
Wed d«-rc?t rand called on the favorite htv
pa-sed Bookmaker Cook's crack "mud
der." winning by a couple of lengths in^
1:(K? 2 . Clar&ndo,*ft"SO to 1 shot, led thai
two year old Krnihvorlh out for show
honors. Meehanu«, the entry of Sam
Hildreth. opened favorite, but as the
vraWe did not seem very sweet on his
chances the odd? drifted back in the bet
ting.
It wa«= very evident from the betting on
the lirsi number, a jaunt over the Futur
ity course for two year olds, that Seide
footed his stable connections. From 4 the
price went to 6, and nothing ever headed
the Hildreth entry, though Articulate
rut up a strong argument throughout,
finally losing by half a length only.
Charley KUison's Uard of Avon wa«= In
stalled favorite, but found the companv
too cay on his initial appearance.
Winnie O'Connor bnded the mile selling,
run wish Essence, from the Barns Ac
Waterhouse stable. Five to one was laid
iXRamst the ereldine and coming with a
weli-timed rush through the stretch
O'Connor got his mount over tho line a
Irnpth or more ahead of the favorite.
Anjou. Olinthus made a bluff at running
for kIx furlonss ;»n-i then cave :t up.
Dan Hor.ips mar- Theory upset calcu
lations in the fifth < vent. Gibraltar at
fin»i enjoyed tho call, but later a stiff
play caused the bocks to rub St. Cuth
bert's price from i lo 2 to Brto ~i. Thr
last named horse tut > out' the running
with Coburn on Gibraltar dancing attend
ance. Swinging Into the Ftretch O'Con
iK>r with Theory squeezed through :i very
narrow space, r«n*J before Coburn war
aroused from his lethargy reached the
wire a length in th-? load. The time, l:12V4.
ef|i:a!s the coast record for six furlongs.
Elevcfl started in the final mile and a
furlong selling run. Opponent closing a
slight favorite over El Mido. Jnek Mar-
Jin on Castake broke Jn advance of hfs
company and made an end-to-end affair
<f It, winning harl ridden from El Mido
M the finish by a length. Opponent, look
::¦£ ,i winner at the paddock, was a ver>
dose third.
BY F. E. MULHOLLAND.
jr ONDON, Dec. 6.— The Racing Cal-
I ' endar to-day announces that Les-
II - ter Reiff, the American jockey,
|t -^f has been exonerated of the charge
of pulling Richard Croker's horse.
The Scotchman II, at Doncaster.
Tod Sloan, it is added, has been in
formed that he need not apply for a
license for next season. The following ia
the text of the announcement made in the
Racing Calendar:
"It having been reported to the stew
ards of the Jockey Club that Sloan had
accepted an offer of a, large present from
F. Gardiner in the event of The Cuda
man winning the Cambridgeshire, and
that he bet on the race, they inquired into
the' case. Mr. Gardiner, who was not
aware of the regulation forbidding such
presents, expressed great regret at hav%
ing transgressed and. the stewards, fully
Mrs. Oeorse Adams. Miss Augusta Ahenhelm,
Mrs. Phoebe Abramu, Miss Nettie Boardman,
Mrs. George Ualch. Mrs. George E. Uennett,
Mrs. E. A. Blodgett. Mrs. William Burd. Mrs.
P. J. Blackwood. Mrs. VV. P. Buckingham.
Mrs. Henry T. Bush. Mrs. A. M." Burns, Mrs.
J. . D. Byrne, Mrs. L.. A.. Boynton, Mrs. Lena
M. Butler, Mr?. E. Bennett. Mrs. C. R. Boale,
Mrs. William Beckman. Miss Bessie Cooper,
Mrs. J. A. Cooper. Mrs.- C>>mpton, Mra.'-M.- E.
Cliean», ' Mrs. Cornwall, Mrs. II. i>. Converse;
Mrs. John F. Carpenter. Mrs. J. P. Christleson.
Mrs. William Cooker. Mrs. Frank Clark. Miss
I-nulse Coey, Mrs. George Caswell. Miss I)ona
hue. Miss Laura Denson, • Mrs. N. A. Dorey,
Mrs. J. Veering, Mrs. F. Uellepiane, Mrs.
Charles A. Dukes. Mrs. William Eckart Jr.,
Mrs. AV. R. Kckart. Mrs. C. II. Evans, Mrs.
Fredericks. Mrs. I). P. Foley, Mrs. James
Fis>her. Mrs. Farrer, Mrs. George W. Fuller,
Mrs. Charles Gorham, Mrs. D. W. Guptlll,
Mrs. Dr. Gardner, Mme. V. Lefever Hopper,
Mrs. J. R. Hanify. Mrs. C. 1^. Haskell. Mrs.
George Hansen, Mrs. Mary Hickman. Mrs. J.
C B. Hebbard, Mrt. Oscar Harold. Mrs. R. R.
Haskell, Mrs. H. F. Jackman, Mrs. W. G.
Jcbson. Mrs. Rebecca Jennings, Mra. M.
Krotozyner. Mrs. Frederick Lemore, Mrs. R.
K. de B. Lopez. Mrs. A. Lyser, Mrs. E. W.
Laine, Mrs. A. J. Lewis, Mrs. William Lorlng,
Mrs. A. F. Lawton, Mrs. J. M. l^eap, Miss
Jennie Long, Miss Ruby Miller, Mrs. M. V.
M«il«, Miss McBoyle. Mrs. Marlon. Mrs. G.
JJenzles. Mrs. Z. K. Myers. Miss Meslck. Mrs.
James Madison. Mrs. William H. Moore, Mrs.
Harrle Morrison. Mrs. Robert McGulre, Mrs.
Mouser. Mrs. Mltchum, Mrs. Mills, Mrs. James
McHaffee,
The guests included
Mr?. H. Andrews, Mr?. O. D. Austin, Miss
K. S. lialtlwin, Mrs. Robert BariK'tt, Mrs.
Oeorge E. Bates, Mrs. S. 'r.'Belden, Mrs. M.
W. Bel!. Miss U. Blachwood. Mr». G. K. Hlank
enship. Miss Alice Bufford, Miss .T. H. Camp
bell. Mrs. J. o. Christie. Aliss Jeannette A.
Clabrough, Mrs. C. S. Cousins. Mrs. E. Craw
ford. Miss M. E. Crowley. Mrs. W. R. Daln
rertield. Mrs. R. E. Dickinson, Miss PI. Poane,
Mrs. Isaac V. l>oan<\ M!ss S. P. Donne, Mrs.
a. M. Doud, Mrs. A. H. Drupker. Mrs. S. J.
lHinl;<t>. Mrs. J. p. Eby, Mrs. M. C. Ettinger,
Mrs. 1>. Li. Farnsworth. Mrs. Hampton Firld,
Mr?. J. X. Oohlsnilth. Mr*. B. B. Grace, Mrs.
I. F. Halton, Mrs. Kstellc Hartman. Mrs. J.
H. Hammond. Mrs. William Hardy, Mr*. Olive
A. Harpor, Mr?. K. K. Hasfcell. Mrs. Theodore
S. HlKKins. Mrs. M. J. Holt. Mrs. M. A. Hotal
lnE. Mrs. Harrison Hou?t?worth. Mrs. C.v L.
llovey, Mrs. Allan Howard. Ml* F. Jaynes,
Miss S. H. Jenkins, Mrs. Theresa Johnson, Mrs.
J, H. Jones. Mrs. B. R. Keith, Mrn. Kodn-y
Ker.drlck. Mrs. Genrjfo I>. Korts. Mrs. J. 13.
Lawrfnc*. Mrs. O. Leviston, Mrs. E. S. L^ryea,
Mrs. I>r. W, R. L.oveg:rove, Mrs. K. Marbunr.
Mrs. H. W. Miller, Miss Honore H. Mitchell,
Mrs. R. U. Mitchell. Mrs. t>. W. Moore, Mrs.
Samuel McCartney. Mrs. E. L«. McClure. Mrs.
Flora J. McVey. Mrs. «». B. Noble. Miss N. M.
Owens, Mrs. E. F. 1'nliner, Mrs. J. A. Parker.
Mrs. E. I'asquale. Mrs. II. Payot, Mi»s Nellie
B. Pike. Mrs. II. F. Tape, Mrs. H. P. Prlen.
Mrs. M. Randolph. Mrs. ¦ M. It. Reddlck. Mrs.
E. V. Reiser. Mrs. A. K. Reynolds. Mrs. \V.
O. Richardson. Mrs. tti D. RIdeout. Miss Annie
Ryan, Mrs. E. P. Schell. Mrs. H. H. Hch«?ll.
Miss Helen C. fhellard. Miss Sallie R. Smith.
Miss Caroline Snook. Mrs. William Summer
hayes. Mrs. Agnes C. Taylor, Mrs. K. B. Torp.
Mrs. M. C. Turner. Mrs. M. P. Waldron. Miss
Alice M. AVashburn. Mrs. O. SI. Washburn,
MIfh A. Waterman. Mrs. W. R. Webster. Mrs.
Frank F. Weston. Mrs. C. Wolf. Mrs. W. H.
Wood, Mrs. J. Wright, Mrs. Charles Zastrow.
The following members were present:
There were thirty-six tables and the
scoring was in charge of Mrs. E. P. Schell
and Mrs. K. 15. Grace. The announce
ment of the prfre winners was made by
airs. George E. Bates. All the favors
were won by members of the club, but
they surrendered them to their guests.
Mrs. ChatieS Gorham was given- first
prize, which . was a handsome ". crystal
fialad bowl; the second prize, a silver can
dle holder, went to Mrs. Jobson; the third,
a cup and saueer, to Mrs. Hunter, and the
fourth", a handsome platter, to Mrs.
Boynton. .
The coxy rooms of the club were pro
fusely decorator! with palms, ferns and
Christmas berries. TIkto wan music by
an orchestra and liftht refreshments were
served. Mrs. M. J. Holt was chairman of
the entertainment and refreshment com
mittee.
The ladies of the San Francisco Whist
Club held their first meeting of the season
in the clubrooms on Mason street yester
day afternoon from 2 to 5 o'clock. The
affair was- one of a series of similar
events which the members will hold dur
ing the winter. There were about 200 la
dies present, each member being entitled
to two guests.
Season.
Event the First of Series to Be
Given by Lady Members Dur-
Many SocietyWomen Attend
Function at San Fran
cisco Club.
WHIST PROVES
ATTRACTION FOR
THE FAIR SEX
Blckaby, and they also completely exon
erated I* Reiff from blame.
"After having examined witnesses. whr»
include the habitual backers of American
jockeys, their bank accounts, and betting
books, which they desired- tp Inspect, and
which were freely placed at the stewards
disposal, the stewards further declare
there is no reason to suppose Reiff bet or
received unauthorized presents. '•-'.¦'
•The stewards further decided that m»
blame attached to the owner or the
trainer of The Scotchman If. I A number
of vague rumors inquired into were
proved to be unfounded.
"The Liverpool stewards are commend
ed for having referred the cane.'
The decision of the Jockey Club was al
most the only subject of conversation at
the Beaufort Victoria and other sporting
clubs this evening. The adverse * decision
in the case of Tod Sloan came a» a total
surprise to the raclns world, as It old to
his closest followers. v-:i'
NEW YORK, Dec. $.— "Tod" Sldan wa*
just Rettlnj? ready to leave for Cb-Icapro
this evening, when h<* was asked for his
views on the action of the English Jockey
Club stewards.
"I don't know what to say aboit it."
said he. "but the report seems to b« true,
because It la cabled here and takenifrotn
the Racing Calendar. I have received n»>
notice yet. and I do not suppose [-Will. I
do not think for a minute that I have'been
ruled off. for I have done nothing serious
enough tr> warrant that Infliction. I <irmld
have ridden to the end of the season! but
I decided to stop for a year at the tiiose
of the last Newmarket meeting, beriup'*
those that followed were all small affllrs.
"This action will not alter my plan* at
all. except that I shall return to England
earlier than I intended 'i'.inc and shall re
quest the stewards to give me a healing.
I can then prove that I have not been pet
tin?, but that I considered an owner had
a right to make me a present for wtnalr»*
If he eo dealred. especially when I Vaa
regularly riding for him.
"Before I got up to ride Cudamanibi
Cambridgeshire Mr. Gardiner told m* I
was on £1000 to nothing 1 , and when I r<xie
Nonsuch, the Prince of Wales* mare. In
Cambridgeshire before the same offer wss
made me, but as I did not win either race
I did not receive a present.
"I shall go to Chicago and spend the
winter on the Pacific Coast, and rumors
will not Interfere with my plans or en
joyment."
TOD SLOAN IS RULED OFF THE TURF AND REIFF IS EXONERATED
FAST DIDEROT CAPTURES THE SHASTA WATER HANDICAP
THE SAN FRAXCISCO GALL, FRIDAY, : DECEMBER 7, 1900.
THE TWO AMERICAN JOCKEYS
WHO' FIGURE IJJ THE LATEST
V TURF SENSATION.
4
Nothing ever made the hit
in the funny world that was
made by "Peck's Bad Bby,"
but there will soon be another
hit just as big— and a little ,
bigger, for we now know,
what Mr. Peck can do when
he gets started. The Bad Boy
has grown up and had some .
experiences that will mak# *
ybii die a-laughing when, you
read of them in; the coming
Sunday Calls— for George W. ;
Peck - has been especially en-
gaged* to write exclusively for!
our readers, and next Sun-
day's Call will witness his
initial bow. * . »
PROFITS THAT GO TO TRUST PROMOTERS OFFERED TO THE PUBLIC.^
SHARES WILL BE ALLOTTED IN PRIORITY OF APPLICATION,
VINEYARD "SYNDICATE
<r» ¦ § a w^ ipr^> CI If ¥ \/ f*fr A ¥ ¥"\ I^T/^V 1^ fk. XZ C? C 1 A ¥> W TT
Lodge and Entrance to Park, Frnit Vale Estate, Fresno County, California.
Incorporated Under the Laws of the State of California, October 27th, I9OO
CAPITAL— TWO MILLION DOLLARS SHARES— 200,000, $10.00 EACH
ISSUE OF 30,000 SHARES OF $10.00 BACH AT PAR
'-'r Tp provide working capital only for the first year's development of the property and to pay off the mortsraep
the vendor having accepted $700,000 iirXahares in payment for the real estate. _ ¦-. '..•?;• }. _ : - : -
THE NEVADA NATIONAL BANK o? San Francisco
THE FIRST NATIONAL BANK of Fresno
THE FARMERS' NATIONAL BANK ot Fresno
Will receive subscriptions from the public for 30,000 shares of $10.00 each at par. and will Issue receipts for the
10 per cent on application. , 20 per cent In three months thereafter.
10 per cent in one month thereafter. 20 per cent In four months thereafter.
20 per cent in two months thereafter. 20 per cent In five months thereafter.
Installments may be paid in .advance, under discount at the rate of 5 per cent per annum for the unexptred
DIRECTORS.
M. THEO. KEARNEY, Fresno. President. HECTOR BTJRNESS, ESQ., Fresno
JUDGE M. K. HARRIS, Fresno, Vice President. G. R. TAYLOR. ESQ., Fresno.
LOUIS F. MONTEAGLE, ESQ., San Francisco.
, Secretary (Pro Tern.), C. I* DINGLEY, Fresno. ]
. Fiske Building, Mariposa street, Fresno. >,
Office of Wm. Hanson, 311 Claus Spreckels (Call) Building, San Francisco.
ABRIDGED PROSPECTUS.
[SEND FOR FULL PROSPECTUS AND REPORTS ON THB PROPERTY.]
Of the purchase price Mr. Kearney has accepted 5700.000 In fully paid shares, thus showing In the stronrsrt m«n;
ner his faith in the investment. . * »«•«
As it is desired that the syndicate shall conduct its business on a cash basis and hold Its property free from
of property $76500000
. Mortgage to be paid off M/M""..-*""" lOOOOOOO
Planting and cultivation for three years o£ 4000 acres In new vineyards and Smyrna
fig orchard . ....... ...... 300 000 00
V (This work can be contracted for at less than this sura.)
Equipment '. 100.000 00
Total outlay......... .' $1,265.000 00 ' .
x. 4 J hls l %? ve ? $735> 5?K«* of JJ ea " ur y 8tock to , De sol <* »f further expenditures are found desirable. A by-law adopted
by the syndicate prohibits the incurment of any debts beyond the value of the treasury stock on hand, thus ruar-
anteeing in a very practical way that the stock issued will not be assessed. ,
. ;¦ - Outlay ; ; $1,265,00000
Value, say three years hence when ready to be turned over to new com-
pany p>>>#
; In 6 per cent shares.. ••••••••............. ....... .... ......... . ".'."."." s'ooo'ooo 00/
Profit in three years....: i s ..'.."..".;v..v.... .:.";.. Iv3^V.I.MIIM".".*"I 8,233,00000
_A large additional jtem Is the earnings of the 1000 acres of vineyard and orchard already in. full bearing Which
will -be received while the new vineyards are. reaching maturity. No account is taken of exceptionally prosperous
years when the profits realized amount to half or .the whole cost of the property '
tnhnT^f^^^V'lncfof^Tr 6^ l tSel U? shrewd a nd enterprising business men and Investors, and the profits
.. to be secured might just as well be kept on this coast as to have them go to Eastern company promoters.
- Subscription blanks and copies of prospectus will be furnished on application to the bankers and at the offlcea
or .the syndicate. . -¦ . . " ' . -.
Air checks to be made^ payable to the order of the bank to whom the application Is sent. ¦"" \
\ the pSSy^Sy^o^^^t^^S^^^ premium owing to the greatly increasing value ot
the i0^§^^^^^^^^§^ £ly e rerW^^ *&&?
M. THBO. KEARNEY, President.
FRESNO, December 4th, 1900.attentions to another denizen of the Bar
bary Coast, and meeting him on the street
she fired at him. Fortunately for him
her aim was unsteady and he escaped in
jury. Soon after this occurrence, while
suffering from an over Indulgence in baJ
whisky she took out her revolver and
shot several holes in a "painting" which
adorned the wall of her saloon.
Prior to meeting Duff the would-be mur
deress was the companion of "Billy"
Ellas, who is also well known in Barbary
Coast circles. Ellas shot and killed a man
in a row over the woman, but was ac
quitted of the murder in the Supe
rior Court. He visited her In the City
Prison last night and promised to do all
in his power to save her from being sent
to the penitentiary for her crime.
"Cowboy Mag" gained considerable
notoriety some time :tgo by refusing to
allow colored soldiers to enter her saloon.
When the various colored regiments were
here waiting to be sent to Manila she
constantly stood In tha entrance to her
saloon, threatening to blow the head off
the first colored man who tried to enter.
To the police "Mag" was known as a
fearless woman, whose only ambition was
to be known as a "game fighter."
Derlant and sullen she sits in her ce'l
In the City Prison, apparently uncon
cerned about her lover's condition. Her
friends claim she was driven to the mur
derous deed by the brutal acts of Duff
Late last night Duff was in a dying con
dition and the attending physicians Would
express no hope for his recovery.
NEW BOEB. BEPUBLIC.
After Kruger Gives Up.
England Will Make a Concession
BERLIN. Dec. 6— The London corre
spondent of the Leipsiger Tageblatt has
received from a highly placed personage
in England the following communication:
"If the Boers should now surrender
England will permit them to create a new
Boer republic in the northern half of the
Transvaal. It is in order to keep the pos
sibility of this open that England has not
yet officially announced to the powers the
annexation of the Transvaal.
"One of the first conditions, however, is
that the announcement of surrender must
come from Kruger. There is everv pros
pect thkt he will soon be inclined "to this
course. His visit to France -has taught
him that any number of empty assurances
of sympathy will not result in the slight
est practical help. Germany will make a
farther contribution to the education of
Mr. Krucer. and it will be to her alone
that the Boors will owe thanks if England
makes them concessions."
This somewhat romantic statement ac
quires soih" importance by the fact that
The semi-ofllclai Popt reproduces It and
adds that it dors not sound improbable,
and that England has every interest to
orett a strong bulwark against the war
like tribes of Central Africa in order to
assure the possession of the territory they
have juFt acquired.
Special Dispatch to The CalL
NETV TORIC. Dec. 6.— Because of some
<lpcp Brief, real or fancied, cr because of
rnorbic jealousy or oi a naturally melan
choly strain in her character. Miss Min
nie Gerhardt of €27 Eagle avenue, la
Hronx, drank carbolic acid, almost liter
nily in her fiance's presence, at an early
hour this morning and died a few minute*
later in his arms. The tragedy occurred
in the girl's home, which only a few min
utes before Miss Gerhardfs death was
QBetf with all the mirth and payety of a
young people's evening party. When the
puests had all deyarted Miss Gerhardt
and her nance. Eugene Price of 20C5 Ryer
avenue, eat In the parlor alor.e. In a
*hcrt time Price's cri»s for assistance
were heard and when other members of
the girl's family rushed in they found
Miss Gerhardt In his arms unconscious.
He told them she had left him for a
moment and stepped into a back room.
She had hardly been there a minute be
fore she returned, deathly pale, and told
him she had swallowed carbolic acid and
was going to die. Then she sank into his
arms and became unconscious. Dr. Henry
Wahr.e and Dr. Kirschofer were sum
moned t but could do nothing and in a
tew minutes Miss Gerhardt was dead.
Mr. Price was found at the Gerhardt
home late to-day, evidently much shaken.
He controlled his voice with difficulty and
finally made this statement as to what oc
curred between him and Miss Gerhardt
just prior to the tragedy:
"We were Fitting- on a sofa," he said,
"and the jsas was turned low. Her face
was close to mine, and she asked me if I
loved her as much as I did a year ago. I
told her of course I did, and she knew it
weU. In a joking way she said: 'Oh, I
think not. 1 think you are a humhup.'
With that she .-isked me to excuse her for
a moment, and then she went to tho bath
room. A moment later she was back, say
ing the had taken acid. I caught her "in
my arms and she became unconscious.
Now. this is ali there is to say about it.
Her fami)y knows the truth."
Miss G«*rhardt was 26 years old and was
popular among her acquaintances. Mr.
Price is about 'M and a decorator bv occu
pation.
After as. Evening of Mirth, at Her
Scrre She Swallows a Dose of
Carbolic Acid and
Expires.
Mysterious Suicide of a
Young Woman in New
York.
DIES IN ARMS
OF HER FIANCE
Good News.
To-morrow you can buy $3.50 men's
vici kid or seal shoes for $1.65 a pair at
the bankrupt shoe sale of the. California
Shoe Company, 1500 Market street, near
City Hall avenue. .._ . .. . .. _ •
Switchman Killed.
. LOS ANGELES, Dec. 6.— David Lyall
a switchman In tlie employ of the Santa
Fe, was crushed between two cars last
night while attempting to couple them
and sustained injuries from which ht»
died this morning.
A Sensible Talk. Guide Yourself
Accordingly.
The undersigned, owner of the Califor
nia Shoo Company, 1506 Market street,
will sell the entire stock of shoes con
tained In said store at bankrupt sale,
commencing to-morrow (Saturday) at 9
a. m. This stock consists of $25,000 worth
of boots and shoes for men, women and
children. Now, mind you. all these shoes
must and will be sold at bankrupt sale
regardless of price. To inaugurate this sale
to-morrow there .will be on sale 2000 pairs
of ladies' shoes and ties worth from $'50
to $3.60 each and every pair of them
They will and must be eold to-morrow
for only 75 cents a pair at the bankrupt
shoe sale of the California Shoe Com
pany, 1506 Market street, near Citv Hall
avenue. HERMAN LESSER, Proprietor.*
Will Withdraw From Portland.
PORTLAND. Dec. 6.— The Oregonlan
says: The only official news regarding
the withdrawal of the Union Padfic and
Oregon Short Line offices from Portland
that has yet been made public here Is a
Joint circular over the names of the traf
fic managers of the Union Pacific, Oregon
Short Line and Oregon Railway and Navi-,
gatlon Company, recommending such ac
tion. This Is regarded as sufficiently sig
nificant and nobody doubts that the of
fices of the two roads 'will be closed on
January 1.
0
Special Dispatch to The CalL
COLUMBUS, O., Dec. 6.— This was the
most dramatic day in the Sells divorce
trial since Peter Sells told the story oi
his life. His daughter, Florence, a beauti
ful young woman and a favorite in Co
lumbus society, told the story of her
mother's shame. She had known the bit
ter truth for years. In her childhood she
had been sent early to bed on the nights
that Xed Raymour or Harry Lyons
called, but she "was so little." She had
been unwilling to take the witness stand
In the case until forced to do so in vindi
cation of her own good name, but when
she did to-day she told the whole story.
The first questions put to Miss Sells were
on her early life. She said she knew Bert
Johnson, the express agent. "He called
upon my mother," she said. "I was al
ways sent to bed early." She knew Ne-:1
Raymour, who had caiied on her mother
In Clayton, 111., and ;n Logan. Ohio. He
had stayed In Clayton for several days
Raymour's calls were usually made when
her father was not at home. She said
she had seen Raymour kiss her mother
while they were in the home of her grand
parents in Clayton. Her mother woul.l
get letters from Raymour and would then
tell her that her "Uncie Ned" was com
ing.
Florence said Raymour had written let
ters to her. Florence remembered a muff
Raymour had given her mother Her
father paid Raymour J25 for it, but Rav
mour gave the money back to her moth
er. Florence said she had often seen
Harry Lyons in her mother's room. He
would come to the rooms by a rear stair
way. She had never seen Lyons in her
mother s bedr,oom when her father was
home. She had often seen her mother kis3
Lyons, sit on his lap and embrace him i
She told of an opal scarfpln, canes
nightshirts, neckties and Cither presents
her mother had given Lyons. When they
were in San Francisco Lyons spent sev
eral days with them. He spent much of
the time with Mrs. Sells, and they often
went driving.
Florence .said Lyons frequently visited
her mother in Logan, and at night they
occupied adjoining rooms with a connect
ing door. Lyons would go to Logan on
Saturday and remain until Monday
When they lived at tHe Park Hotel she
used to carry letters from her mother to
Lyons and would carry his answers back
Florence said she had often seen William
Bott at their home. He called on her
mother. The catch to the side would be
left unfastened and Bott would come in
and go up to her mothers room. He
would slip in the house softly. Mrs Sells
would often watch for Botts from the
room of her daughter. Bott would be in
her mother's room three and four times
a week. .
Beautiful Florence Sells a
Witness in Her Parents'
Divorce Case.
TELLS STORY OF
MOTHER'S SHAME
PORTO RICANS
FOR PLANTATIONS
Two Hundred Natives on the
Way to the Hawaiian
Islands.
Special Dispatch to The CalL
EL PASO, Tex.. Dec. 6.— Two hundred
Porto Rlcans, direct from their native
land, reached here to-day on their way
to the Hawaiian Islands. They are to
work on the Spreckels sugar plantation
there. Members of the party say they are
being taken to Hawaii against their will.
The train in which were two cars crowded
with Porto Rlcans was delayed here a
few hours, and during that time the na
tives were closely guarded by several la
bor agents. A reporter conversed - In
Spanish with several of the more intelli
gent men among the natives, and was
told that the islanders were Induced to
board a ship to gall around to the oppo
site side of their island, where they were
to be given work. The ship went to New
Orleans, and they said they were forced
aboard two cars that were in waiting.
Several Americana were in charge of the
party and were on guard night and day.
After the train left New Orleans it was
found that to go straight through would
put the party in San Francisco several
days before the ship for Honolulu sailed.
To avoid delay in that city and to cut off
the possibility of any of the men escap
ing it is asserted the guards had the two
cars sidetracked at Sanderson, Tex., on
the desert, for forty-eight hours. The
Porto Ricans did not know the nature of
the surrounding country, but several of
them escaped. They say the guards noti
fied the Sheriff, and a. posse rounded-up
the fugitives and brought them back to
the cars.
One of the Americans In charge of the
emigrants eaid he was under contract to
land several thousand more of Porto
Ricans in the Hawaiian Islands to be
worked on the plantations.
John D. Spreckels was seen at a late
hour last night and shown the foregoing
dispatch. Speaking for Claus Spreckeis
and himself he denied that any Porto
Ricans or other contract laborers were
being sent to the plantations in Hawaii
in which they are interested. He said
that they were importing no help at all,
but he did understand that other planta
tions had agents out getting natives from
Porto Rico. Mr. Spreckels was positive In
his statement that as far as the Spreckels
were concerned there was no foundation
for the charge made in the dispatch.
STOKES WILL RECOVER
FROM HIS INJURIES
Man Who Was Shot in the Fight
With Rev. John Wohl Much
Improved.
WILLIAMSON. W. Va., Dec. 6.— S. D.
Stokes, who was shot by Rev. John H.
Wohl yesterday, is to-night improving
and it Is now expected that he will re
cover. His coat has three bullet holes in
it, which shows that Mr. Wohl fired at
least four shots. Wohl, who was killed
by Stokes, was shot twice in the shoulder
and back. Mrs. Leonle, Wohl's house
keeper, made affidavit to-night, in which
she, the only eye-witness to the fight,
swears that the first shot was fired by
Mr. Wohl after a prolonged discussion
of the sermon on dancing and the car
toons and caricatures that had been used
to emphasize its more striking passages.
Mr. WohJ, in his sermon, depicted In
vivid language the terrible results of the
dance and drink, and condemned with
out exception every man and every
woman, married or single, who indulged
in either. .
KXD McCOY TO WED ,
MARGUERITE CORNEILLE
Latest Bit of Gossip Concerning the
Fighter Who Is Now in
London.
NEW YORK, Dec. 6^— A special to the
Journal from London Tcays: On Christ
mas day "Kid" McCoy will marry Mar
guerite Corneille, Corbett's former sweet
heart. She Is- singing French songs at
the Tivoll Music Hall in London with
much success.
McCoy is living at the Hotel Cecil and
arranging a match with Ryan, the Aus
tralian, before the National Sporting
Club. After that McCoy goes on in music
halls under the management of George
Lederer in sparring exhibitions. Corbett
quarreled with the Corneille woman and
left for New York the same day. McCoy
arrived a few weeks ago, met her and be
came infatuated. He escorts her to and
from the theater nightly.
Another Victim Dies.
CHICAGO, Dec. 6.— Another death, mak
ing seven in all, was added last night to
the list of victims of the boiler explosion
at the Northwestern Railroad's power
house, when Arthur J. Scully died at the
County Hospital. Still another death may
be added to thu list, as G«orge Gillis is
reported worse at St. Luke's Hospital.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
CALL BUREAU. 1406 G STREET, N.
\V.. WASHINGTON, Dec. 6.— Wu Ting
Fang, the Chinese Minister, said to The
Call correspondent to-day:
"It is naturally very gratifying to me
that the powers have at last decided upon
the terms they will impose upon China.
The terms are very severe as they stand,
but I am glad that the United States
Government succeeded in inducing some
of the other powers to modify the harsh
demands which they were at first in
clined to insist upon and which were im
possible of acceptance by China. It af
fords me pleasure to testify to the Judi
cious conduct of negotiations by the
United States, and the recognition finally
of all that humanity and justice demand
in the Imposition of less severe terms than
were at tirst proposed. I hope that dur
ing the negotiations in which the Chinese
envoys will participate consideration will
be given to any propositions they may
submit and an impartial decision will be
rendered. If such a course Is followed
1 do not despair of an amicable settlement
at an early date.
"In view of the adoption of the demands
and their presentaiton in a few days to
the Chinese envoys, it is to be expected
that further punitive expeditions will
cease. Such expeditions are useless, in
view of the protection Chinese officials are
extending to foreigners and their, prop
erty, and the stringent measures taken
for the suppression of the Boxers. The
dispatch, of foreign troops into the in
terior and the consequent shedding of In
nocent blood and destruction of property
can only tend to incense the people and
stir them up to resistance. China's pur
pose to comply with the demands of the
powers has repeatedly been shown. I am
satisfied' that the approval of the de
mands formulated by the Ministers in
Peking and their presentation in a few
days to the Chinese envoys will have a
good effect upon the Chinese people. De
lay in drafting the demands and the re
ports of possible partition of the empire,
in consequence of the exorbitant demands,
have naturally kept the people in a fer
ment."
Predicts a Speedy Settlement If the
Views of the Chinese
Envoys Are Duly
Considered.
MINISTER WU
TALKS OF TERMS
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, DECEMBER 7, 1900.
"JACK" DUFF, VICTIM OF
"COWBOY MAG," IS DYING
Defiant and Sullen the Woman Appears
Unconcerned About Her Lover.
MAGGIE KELLY, "COWBOY MAG," "QUEEN OF THE BARBARY
COAST," A WOMAN WHOSE AMBITION IN LIFE IS TO BE KNOWN
AS A GUN FIGHTER.
"Jack" Duff, W..0 was shot by Maggie
Kelly, alias "Cowboy Mag," was removed
from the Harbor Hospital last night to
the Waldeck Sanitarium. It Is extremely
doubtful if he will recover.
The shooting of Duff by the woman was
not unexpected by her friends. Only a few
days ago "Cowboy Mag," who is also
known as the "Queen of the Barbary
Coast," openly declared that she Intended
to kill him if he did not desist paying at
tentions to other women.
Thanksgiving eve she went to DufFs sa
loon, on Mason street, and inquired for
him. After being told that he had gone
on a hunting trip to the marshes at Sui
sun she went into one of the rear rooms
and ordered a bottle of champagne. "While
the bartender was serving her she espied
a young woman with whom Duff was on
friendly terms seated in an adjoining
room. Taking out a pearl-handled pistol
which she was In the habit of carrying
she passed it to a prize-fighter named Toy
who happened to be in the place, with the
remark that she intended to "do up" the
woman. "Walking Into the room in which
the young woman was seated "Cowboy
Mag" attacked her rival with her fists,
beating her into insensibility. She was
arrested for battery, but escaped with a
light fine In the Police Court.
This Is not the first time tha' "Cowboy
Mag" took a shot at Duff. Several weeks
ago she became insanely jealous of hi.*
5
ADVERTISEMENTS.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
OCEAN TEAVEL.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Free to the
Ruptured
Dp. W. S. Rice, the Well-Known Au-
thority, Sends,, a Tpiat of His
Famous Method Free to All.:
Dr. W. S. Rice. 418 W. Main at., Adams. N.
Y., will send free to any one who Is ruptured
or knows of any p«rson ruptured, "whether a
man, woman or child, a free trial of his fa-
mous home cure. It Is a marvelous method.
TOYO KISEN KAISHA.
STEAMERS WILL. LEAVE WHART, COR-
ner First and Brannan streets at 1 p. m.,
t'T YOKOHAMA and HONGKONG, calling at
Kobe (Hlogo). Nagasaki and Shanghai, aad
connecting at Hongkong with steamer* for In-
dia, etc No cargo received, on board oa day
MARU
' Thursday, December I, MOO
SS. AMERICA MARU..^ — — -V"--
Saturday. December IS, 1900
Via Honolulu.
SS. HONGKONG MARTJ...
• Thursday, January H, M01
Round-trip tickets at reduced rates. For
freight and passage apply at company's office.
4M Market street, corner First.
W. H. A VERY. TJeneraJ Agent.
PANAMAO.Go,'sS
From wharf, foot of Fremont itrwt.
Freight and passenger office. 333 Market st.
T. T. CONNOR. Padfla Coast Agent.
To NEW YORK via PANAMA.
S. S. ST. PAUL sails December 18, 2 p. a,
\wJr FAVORITE
curing cases that defied hospitals, doctors,
trusses, electricity and all else. Merely send
your name and address and the free trial will
be rent without any cost to >ou whatever. H.
W. Yourex. a well-known commercial traveler,
was ruDtured ten years, tried every truss on
the market, partly made up his mind to un-
dergo the danger of an operation, when by the
greatest of good luck he tried the Dr. Rice
method. He Is now cured.
Mr. Yourex says:— "I tried Dr. Rice's method
and it cured me. I did not lose a day on the
road. Hundreds of merchants and friends in
Illinois, Wisconsin, Minnesota and Iowa know
the wonderful fact that this remarkable method
cured me and I certainly feel thankful enough
to tell other ruptured people how they may
profit by my experience." Mr. Yourex lives in
Cedar Rapids. Iowa, at 322>4 First Avenue.
Every ruptured person ought to send at onoe
and make a trial of this method that cures
without pain, danger, operation or an hour's
Ions of time. Begin now. and by spring you
will never know you had been ruptured. Writ*
to-day sure. ¦
C0XPAGSI2 GEHERALE TSA5SATLA5TIQUI.
DIRECT LINE TO HAVRE-PARIS. {gMM
Halllnr every Thursday. Instead of WT^SM
Saturday, from November 2. 1S99. at 2sBMBgg
It) a m. from Pier 42. Xorth Rr»er. foot of
Morton s'treet. First-class to Harr«. |55 and
upward. Sacond-class to Havre, $42 50 and n>
ward. GENERAL AOENCT FOR UNITED
STATES AND CANADA. 32 Eroadway (Hudson
building). New York. J. F. FUGAZI A CO..
Pacific Cotmt Agents. S Montgomery avenue,
San Francisco.
BAJA CALIFORNIA
Damiana Bitters
fc's A GREAT RESTORATIVE. INVIGORA-
•• tor and Nervine. - •
The most wonderful aphrodisiac and Special
Tonic for the Sexuar Organs, for both sexes.
The Mexican Remedy for Diseases of the Kid-
neys' and Bladder. Sells on Its own merits. ,
,¦ NABER. ALFS & BRUNE. Agents.
S23 Market St.. S. F. — (Send for Circulars.)
W/. T. HES9,
K0TAKY FOJ1I3; 1MJ AT/iOENilf-Ar-iAir.
Tenth Floor, Room 1015, Claus Spreckels Bldg.
, .. .-s Telephone Brown 831. - , ¦ ¦ : -
Residence, 821 California at., below Powell,
8*a Franclaoor — ' : — —
it- r -i if ' ¦-¦ '- — — •»—""¦ '¦ ' * ¦ ¦ —
BAY AND BIVEB STEAMERS.
Steamer "Alontlcoll a."
FOR U. S. NAVY YARD AND YALLEJO,
MON Tues.. Wed.; Thurs. aad Sat. at 9:48
a m 1:15. 1:30 p. m. (ex. Thurs. night); Fri-
days 1 p. ra. and 8:30: Sundays. 10:30 a. to. ; •
p m Landing and office. Ml*stoa-atreet Doc*.
Pier No t Telephone Mala 1S0S.
. . TARE .....«• , .
J. D.SPIECmS & BEOS. CO., Bum! Agofe. 327 larkit St
Sin'l Passer OSa, 643 Hartat St., Pier Is. 7, Paci3: U
SS. SIERRA, for Honolulu. Samoa. New
Zealand and Australia
Wednesday, D»©emb«r 13. 3 p. in.
ES. ZEAJLANDIA (Honolulu only)
Wednesday. December 28. 3 p. m.
6S. AUSTRALIA, for Tahiti
Sunday, January I, < p. B.
fleeaniC3.s.co. s&«b «s
OVER 300 PERMANENT CURES IN SAN
FRAN'CISCO, eome after 40 years of suffering:
many of the most prominent business men on
this Coast (seme you know), who may be inter-
viewed by those who suffer. TIIK TREAT-
-MENT IS FAULTLESS, RESULT* ARE
LASTING NO SURGERY., DILATATION.
liVTat^re. carbolic acid calves.
CAUTPRT OR HINDRANCE FROM BUSI-
NESS." -For further particulars address PH\-
ICIAN.'Box 1930. Call Cfflre, S. F. Cal. Cut
this out Write to-day.
OCEAN TRAVEIj.
Pacific Coast Steamship Co.
>, Steamers Vave Broadway
K. wh»rf. San Francisco:
For Alaskan Ports— 11 a. m..
f@@S5ls. Vec - *. "• 1 J - 1". 22. !7, Jan. 1.
MKPCT5»j8K Thangc to company's stfamers
B^3W 'BaI For Victoria, Vancouver <V>.
HtMKjfdHBai C), Port Townnend. Seattle.
/"'^'«HgB^K Tacoma. Everett. Anacora*
ind New "TCTmcom (Wash.)— 11
' • ¦" m.. Dec. I; 7. 12. 17. 72, 21,
Jan. 1. and every flfth day thereafter. Change
at Seattle for this company's steamers for
Alaska and O. N. Ry. : at Seattle or Tacoma to
N. P. Ry. : at Vancouver to C. P. Ry.
For Eureka. Humboldt Bay— 2 p. m.. Dec.
4, », 14. 19. 24, 29, Jan. S, and every fifth day
thereafter.
For San Diego, stopping only at Santa Bar-
bara. Port Los Angeles and Rednndo <I»s An-
geles) — Steamer Queen, Wednesdays, t a. m. :
steamer Santa Rosa, Sundays. 9 a. ro.
For Santa Cruz. Monterey. Ban 8imeon. Cayu-
cos. Port Harford (San Luis Obtspo). Oavlota.
Santa Barbara. Ventura. Hucneme. San Pedro.
East San Pedro (Los Angeles) and Newport —
Steamer ¦ Corona. Fridays, 9 a. ra.; steamer
Bonlta. Tuesdays. 9 a. m.
For Ensenada. Mapdal'na Bay, San Jote d»!
Cabo, Mazatlan. Altata. La Pas. Santa Rosalia
and Guaymas (Mex.) — 10 a. m.. 7th each month.
For further Information obtain company's
folders. i - . - -
The company reiervet thfr right to char.ir»
steamers, sailing datei and noun of sailing
without previous notice.
TICKET OFFICE— 4 New Montgomery
street (Palace Hotel).- - ¦ .-
GOODALU PKRKIXS & CO.. Oen. Airents.
10 M^'V-t *t. San Francisco.
THE 0. R. & II. CO.
OIBPATCH FAST STEAMERS TO
PORTLA 3STD
From St^ar-^tr^et Wharf at 11 a. m.
CADC £12" First Class Inclu'dlrigf Berth
I Ant $8 Second Class and Meals.
GEO. W. ELDER sails.......... Dec. 8. 19. 29
COLUMBIA sails ..Dec. 4, 14. 24, Jan. 3
Short Line to Walla Walla, Spokane. Butte.
Helena and all points In the Northwest.
Through tickets to all points Cast.
¦ E. C. .WARD, General Agent,
630 Market «t.
LINE
RW TORS. 80HTHAXPT0S. LONDON. PAZ1S.
Stopping at Cherbourg, westbound
From New York Every Wednesday. 10 a. m.
New York. ...... .Dec. 1! New York Jan. 2
Southwark ......Dec. 19 Kensington Jan. 9
St. Louis .Dec. 28 Noordland ......Jan. 18
' BED STAR LINE.
New York and Antwerp. .
From New York Every Wednesday. 12 noon.
Frlesland Dec. 12 Westernland ....Jan. 2
Southwark Dec. ls» Kensington Jan. 9
Westernland ...Dec. 28 Noordland Jan. 16
; For frelcht and passage apply to
- INTERNATIONAL. NAVIGATION CO..
L S0 Montgomery/ at.. Or any of lu agents.
visit OR- JORDAN'S great
ifiTilSEUB OF ANATOMY
• Cjk 13C1K£2XZT £7. t*t.ftU72i, &?•&!.!
OF TheL«ir«tAn*tcinucalMuitu!«ftitfce
I _jjt_ World. \VekJcD*»««f «c *iy eontrscted
S?oS> <li-ra-<- p»-«itl»«-ly xmr^it^rrUr oloeu
¦' fyi \4t> apccmiir r« the Com. Est-Sty***- '
rC^Sliti • ea«n»t»tJoo frt* »nd strictlr privi*.
) 2 I»« I Trt •¦'">"»? pe^on^'r «« b f •«»«• A I
' r IT SI I A*« hi* CVreu: e*ery tJieiinJtrtaken. '
Ift fl ilft-. »v nw ror hook. pad.o*opavc» /
' * J !T JCAUHUGE. MAILED fUB. ( A '1
I ii il' »»l"«Wc book for mm) ,
tta. iuREAS & CO.. 1051 Market «U. 6. F. \
Write for new catalogue of watches. Jewelry &
cllverware. Hammersmith & Field. 36 Kearny. •
The greatest yet! Here Is to
laugh! The real old hearty
' laugh that we used to give
• over the side-splitting doings
of Peck's Bad Boy of fifteen
years agt> are to be repeated.
The "Boy" has grown up and
George W. Peck will tell some
screechingly funny ones about
him, exclusively for the Sun-
day Call. Next Sunday's Call
' will contain the first paper of
' the series. Do* not miss it for
- it is an introduction to your,
old friend George W. Peck au-
thor of "Peck's Bad Boy"—
and also ex-Governor of Wis-
»•* .: ' ¦ . .• ¦ • . ¦ ' • . (J
v Santa Claus— 9 to 12 a. m., 2 to 5 p. m. Saturday 9 a. m. to 3 p. m. %
$ Christmas Cards— You'll won- VUE ffRjfEM&S&llI 11^9 H ° Uday Mcsscnger nni Bock 'J
I ofTc bcaudfurfandes^cai^c Bl^^BoS^len^Ute publications tha: tell you |
J from— 2ctoS0c CAUFORNIA'S LARGEST-AMERICA'S GRANDEST *STORE. . what to buy for gifts. PrCC J
I Sixteen Days More, Then— |
jg Christmas. Now is the time for comfortable shopping. You know what the last week will be. We've made greater ]\
j* preparations than ever before, but even our great selling force and delivery department will be tested to their ut- «5
il most during the last few days before Christmas. ] f
I SilK Remnants Special Sale $6 Collarettes, $3.45 1
| One-Quarter Off. Imported Extracts. »„- «&• ||k I
Jk° -""A choice and a large lor. Plain and e famous Girard Fils Hare Collarette, fP^JsS
$ fancy Taffetas, plain and fancy Du- ( Pa " s ) Perfumes, pret- with Baltic Seal
g chesse and Peau de Soie, black Taffetas, ]||f - ty, odd shaped bottles, yoke, a very S
I Gros Grains, black Peau de Soies, Satin £& P ut U P b nc Y holiday «S, v ga j^. 5
*I and Brocades, printed Indias and Fou- cartons, \-iolet, hclio- " s-^ciai tixiayand •*
H lards— in lengths from *< to 6 yards. §^^| tro P c » whi:c ros e, jockey Saturday ..;... /^K»^^^§ jf
g Usefiil for waists, trimmings, linings, M[extrwtY club, stephanotis, etc., C2 AC *
Jf rufflings and H 'id 'V 1a (V Zi'O'k. |i? X J>/ 5°° boxes only on sale '}'£ fT* ?®^^^P7 *
f On special sale Friday only at one- W&H ' Frida >' mornin S from 8 $?.50-^Fuli KS^fP^ *
\qua\ ter iff m.irked pi ices. JiasA mm ***°' C2ch * 1 Q(* " ze^ head> 3 fcct S
tt ____^_^______^___^_ liT'ii" " ............ JL V^ long; colon, it^->r j»
>f >' j brown and grmyj special to-day tf*5 CA 5
| Children's Jackets. Drcss and Jacket """^ $2 - 5Q f
E *&S0s*± ChidreVs Auto- ~* •ifiT3«j ws •? ** ••§
I ctf jnobue box Specials for Friday. Furniture Specials S
I II Wm Jb 51 -« Ri » For Friday Only. I
* i\ VM Cloth, good win- @$Sk J U£t h * e P' ctu . re - Q 0ok Shelf— "5
»•. |-J?a' 1 \ ter weight: sizes M*W •,, f . ., r i *^B^ m As in rat. *
K L U fora ges 6toi2 12? ?T (kwS&iwJ 46 iaSS S
\ /SI |\ sKS k% sl^s fe,Ss
fo Lf*&s£!aSS&i\gk -.- p, n A*y\X 516.50, to-day and O H Il^rH «, oak X
\ *^l * $4,3U . VS^-^i Sa^CQQR PS ks™i frame, J
§ Child-en's Fiiu Box Coats— Made of excel- \\r \ '• ¦ *¥'•'*) '* |«»ijl-mj4L | |}tyjf iSi , 3 i n
Si lent Kersey Cloths, finely tailored; sizes for Hjl \ $6.45 instead of P r T j j Js
K ages 6 to 14; special Friday and tf«X f\f\ )\\ ft. $7.50, $8.50 and |j mm'rX' (5
J Saturday / \A VV $IO.O0-Fcr an aj- f ¦¦¦I llUwi ¦¦III Sj.50 X
St , / \ v^/>». sorted lot of fine. \ti rnm T S
I Millinery Bargain. [JhW tSiZ^^ SU^J - -5-3 |
5C All hats and mate- • plain tnd hand- JL. L. (U t°P» octapm *
5 rials are reduced— Jg&M2M$m , . somely stitched, U-»- U^ £w%r«" '?
tf workmanship and qual- Zg§2^#Jk] man^ °/ f were ncT f Iess than • <IO "°°' special to- tf1 J* *
K in- of trimmings remain &^SSSXBFi' most of them 58.50, md not one ever kss Z SLZ5 / \ *
X the same, but the prices j&mW%ffi$fc than $7.50— to-day and Satur- «££ Tn "T- • • ¦ •• W^ / A 'm
it are different. We have da >' J Combination Bookcase £. A .«
* the correct ready-to- l||^»»=^l $9-95 Instead of $12.50 and $15.00— For — GoLen oa* cr rpa- X
J. wear hats in the W^^W eUk-Uned Jacket, the new loose backi md all TrT 1 . 5^ m&'SSl '*
i% proper shades. «5 r* JEr other styles, the newest and best cloths; most . ' ncte3 \By \£fc/*A fl •*
fc a «- 00" Imported -\ tT/*' of these" have been $is. S o and 515.00, a few " ch ! . !1 -. e ' ,P"7 Wtt|X7fJ|fl '5
s*x%oi ra : p »o jwf .-^i - -. -*r «q 95 ssi. $ tigt mbm I
5 510.00 Trimmed, and Saturday $7*7%J £ - • » f^^Sj | *?
ft" Hats, now.. $5.00 '"" . 4>7«/i> \~ J*
| {7 . j ,Tri mmrf H,u( iCT c M ),.ow...$3.93 Groceries Liquors, Do-*- "Vrv |
5 c • 1 C 1 Ghlrardclll'j Chocolate — Gnmnd, <)C n S JU oik, »*eii fa- . — $
I Special Sale .-;b T^,»^.... ...... 25c 5 o';"Jr y vr^.^.. w^$6.75 ;
I Decorated Cake Sets ".^r^l^. 6 25c p*r.s*_,b--.H-.-^-»^ 5
¦ J/vWUl UlCU VUllvVUvU , •* ' ' '„ ishrraojer, pretty silk damask coverings, ex- *
I on. y , ++ o f s ' 3< r. te :.^:.r u r. 6 . lb< ::::::25c gritt"** "•** $16.75 5
E J$Y^J$Sl^ thcSC dcC ' RoIIed Oats— Bsst Eastern, to-day io ' 5
* $n? ''wS^m orated lbs L DL ' "~~ X
I m* tM cawSs! Wg&^^IM 25c Undermvslin Special I
** iS^SS^flfojI )f large N cake Snidzr's Tomato Catsup-TcHlay pint pA^ .^^C^Th, Udics ' S
* tSSsSSrJt six small Washing !oda- 2S lbs. for, 25c #7^^ LrT* S
$ 552^^^^^" 5 -2 S ' 3 Po:t or Sherry— FuU quart bottles, a good uble A I'll 4} 4 \%\ d " ? *
' -"^=£* d 1 ft e r ent , w - me j^t rrtaas for 4OC **¦* f\*\ /ff/fri *'* ' Vn\ hwn *
* styIcs OI p erbotdefittH i a y4botda /ffl/1 fk / /"fi^¥V "^ *
y decorations, with heavy stippled gold Bourbon Whiskey— A good $2.50 ff-J Q A /f^fT^lJL'lyXv\ wide 3
% edge, a pretty and useful present; per gallon quality, to-day 4>I."U U V Vji^ edge of *
%' these sets of seven pieces are cheap Boiled Cider— Mott's best quality, to- P»d 3
g at $1.40, on sale Friday morning «>«y quart bottfc £JC <*******&>»»' em . «
itf A.^™ R until Ii'irt nn\v ***%. Jesse Moore AA Whiskey —^This famous brand broidery, yoke band, <hat roffle, very wide J
a from 8 unin n«JU only, QQ^ xiut we £cll rek . u]arly J Q . C a QC , nd corr . ct leagth . pric . q C .5
|^ complete set * 77W to-day only ODC $1.50; special to-day only 7jC J*
I : J
$ Celluloid and Other Holiday Novelties — Low-Priced. S
** Never such a showing o! this class o! Christmas Presents in the big store before and never before such beavtifnl jc
jk" pieces lor so little money. \ r i j- x
&» Ouilted Sateen Glove This dainty Handk-r- Hand-painted eel- CeUu'oid and plush cov- Handsome scenic front Pretty Work Box with X
i Box with painted chief Box, with lu'o-d Whisk ered Album to hold Album, to hcli 20 mirror, good qual- J
H CelluVid toi>— only prn'ed celluloid top Broom Holdrrs 10 cabinets and 16 cabinets and 16 card ity fittings— only. .. £
&* ;..24c 75c 25c card photcs 75c photo* .-.il.25 75e X
fc* Glove and Handkerchief Boxes 24c to $3.00, Photograph Albums 75c to $6.00, European Novelties, such as Pot Wipers, Inkstands, j|
K Pin Cushions, Tape Measurrs, Sjlve Jrrrs, etc., 17c to $5.00, Cuff and Collar Boxes 50c to $6.00, Manicure Sets 93c to $6.00, and dozens of j»
Jj» other useiul gifts in ccKu'-oid at equilly .'ow prices. jj
S)^8)lV<9 V«V4^ * W&WAWA'A'A'A'A-.a A4A*'A"A'AW** * * A'AAKAA'A**'****'* X'A'AA'A'AIa'A'A'A'A^'A'A '« 'A'A'A'A'AWn'A-AA'A'A'A
THE EMPOSiaM.
TEE EMPOBITTM.
TEE EMPORIUM.
' :Slt *'' r/-,'Z^t ******* tf.ra.T*-v»»iwrei«gJHWCTITC
TAILOR-MADE DRESSES, 1
AUTO GOATS, |
FUR JACKETS and g
FUR CAPES. |
i ¦ FINE TAI- !
m f%, ' LOK - MADE i
ALL- WOOL j
StSc/^ CHEVIOT '
CvnfaT c l o t u !
*?*% DRESSES. !
>**! style like 11- ;
>*& luet ration; t$
*<' " l^s- 1 Jacket has high 13
/ \ jj, oollar and is 13
\ \ \ J\ silk lined; *k'.rt H
i A the new flare H
!• IV 'J cut; all slies; M
\ * \ \* T Brays, brown*. H
I OJl- i Llues and tans; H
5 \ vR5-J r*-irular value M
\ \ | 116 50; specially a
|\ \ |i priced.. .$12.50 W
. M-f CHILDREN'S 1
AUTO COATS. I
HI 11 MISSES 1 AND W
/ / I l\ C H ILD REN'S K
/ / / U AUTO COATS U
t=Mm l I I L\ AND JACK- H
'4 ill \\ ETS, made of 13
Jj ill \\ finest kerseye, B
/ I I \\ red, tana and 9
/ I \ \\ cantors; ages 4 fj
/ I J \ \ to 12 years ; reg- [i
C. I I V»> ular prices J6.00 R
i -^ to $12.00; epe- ft
i dally priced.... [3
....$4 to 910. ¦
BOX ATJTO JACKETS, 26 Inches long:, M
In fine all-wool kerseys, satin lined, U
tans and castors, worth {16.50: fpe- H
dally priced $12.00 |
CHINA SEAL, FUR JACKETS, with ¦
g;enula« mir.k collar and reveres; H
richly made and lined; a most hand- Q
eome Jacket: regular price $65.00; epe- H
daily priced $47.50 M
FIXE CHIXA SEAL FUR CAPES, W
with resJ black AstrsJcan yoke, satin tj
Jined. 1« Inches deep; special ..* 1 0.O« IJ]
18 Inches deep IJ11.5O. O
20 Inches deep $12.50. g
Kelly & Liedes*
Cloak and Suit House, |
/20 Kearny St. I
MR. R. W."rOUREx7"
Ba pffffiH ft \iLjSi M if Ej ib hI
kkI 9 fl * iB^^E S Etw Bn
tt'V O Bti DPI K^9 BJJM |n Ifl^^V naFRIDAY DECEMBER 7, 1000
JOHN D. SFRECKELS, Proprietor.
Address All Communications to W. S. LEAKE. Manager.
NAXAUBB'fc OFFICE Telephone Prenn 2«V»
rillLICATIOX OFFICE... Mnrket and Third. S. P.
Telephone rrc«» 201.
EDITORIAL ROOMS 217 to 221 5teveni»oii St.
Telephone I'rens 202.
Delivered hi- Currier*. I« Cent« Per Week. )
SlnsJe Copies. S Cents.
Term* «>? .Mall. Including Pontatei
DAILY CAI.T., (including Sunday), one year MM
DAILT CALL dnrludln* Sunday). 6 months 8-0*
I>AILT CALL (including Sunday). I tnontlia 1.50
3AILY CALL— By Single Month «5e
BINDAT CALL. One Tear 1-M
WEEKLY CALL. One Tear l.W
All pout maMem are nnthortsed to receive
nobiirrlptioDi.
farr;»!» copies will be forwarded when requested.
Mall FubGrribers In rrdertnr cha.nire of addrefn should r*
particular to rive both NEW AND OLD ADDRESS In order
to isatu-e a prompt and correct compliance with their request.
OAKLAND OFFICE 1118 Broad war
C. CPOBCE KROGXESS,
Waneger Foreign Advertising'. Marquette Building. Chicago.
(Long DlFtance Telephone "Central 261S.")
XKVT TORK CORRESPONDENT:
C. C. CARLTOX Herald Square
NEW TORK REPRESENTATIVE:
STHPHEX D. SMITH 30 Tribune Bnlldlnir
NETW TORK NEWS STANDS:
Waldorf- Artoria Hotel; A. Breotaso. SI Union Square:
Murray BlU Hotel.
CHICAGO NEWS STANDS:
Pherman Houm; P O. News Co.; GreAt Northern Hotel:
fremnri House: Auditorium Hotel.
VOTING MACHINES AGAIN.
REPORTS of the results obtained by the use of
balloting machines in the Presidential election
were sent out from cities where they were tried
in New York and Massachusetts immediately after
the election, but for some reason those from Rhode
Island were belated. They have now been forthcom
ing, however, and are of a nature satisfactory to those
who hope to see the machines in general use all over
the Union.
In Rhode Island seventy of the machines were used
in various cities and towns throughout the State.
The test to which they were put was a severe one, for
in addition to candidates for Presidential Electors
there were also candidates for. State and for munici
pal offices, eleven constitutional amendments and a
question of an appropriation of $700.000 . to be voted
upon. To add to the complexity of the count, the
constitution requires that ballots for State officers
must be segregated from those for municipal officers
and for Presidential Electors, as all votes for State
officers must be recounted. In spite of all these com
plications the vote was satisfactory.
Out of the total number of machines in operation
in the State there was oniy, one in which there waa
During his brief term of office Towne will have no
time to acquire influence in the Senate or to accom
plish much. He may take advantage of the office 'o
use it as a platform from which to make a last long
speech for free silver, but that will not avail him
much. In fact, he is a statesman out of a job, and as
such will be considered even while in the Senate.
He may regard the appointment as a compliment, just
as he regarded the Populist nomination for Vice
President, but the one will be about as empty of real
honor as the other. Democracy soon turned him out
of his position as a Vice Presidential candidate, and
Minnesota Republicans will almost as quickly turn
him out of the Senate. Mr. Towne should adopt
some other profession. Politics is not his forte.
The only event that could prolong Mr. Towne's
Senatorial career would be a deadlock in the Legis
lature over the election of his successor. That, how
ever, is not likely to occur, notwithstanding there are
strong rivalries among the Republican leaders in the
State. Deadlocks have become odious to the Ameri
can people. They have been so numerous of late as
to have aroused public indignation and to have
greatly strengthened the demand for a change in the
constitution so as to provide for . electing United
States Senators by direct vote of the people. In the
face of that sentiment Minnesota Republicans will be
foolish, indeed if they permit any factiopal dissensions
or personal jealousies to interfere with prompt ac
tion in electing a successor to Mr. Towne.
TOWNE'S BRIEF GLORY.
S~^ OVERNOR LIND'S appointment of Charles
f 1 A. Towne to the United States Senate to fill
— the vacancy occasioned by the death of Sena
tor Davis will be received with no surprise either in
Minnesota or in any other part of the country. The
appointment confers upon the free silver leader but
a brief glory, for the Minnesota Legislature will be
in session this winter, and then a Republican will be
chosen in his place.
One of the benefits derived from the meeting of
Congress is that it has given the people live subjects
to talk about and put an end to the discussion of the
future of Democracy -^
The cruise of the Kentucky around the dominion.";
first of the Sultan of Turkey and then of the Sultan
of Morocco may be perfectly peaceful, but it has given
the ship a chance to be true to her name by acquiring
an immediate reputation as a fiehter
It is admitted there are a great many reformers in
New York, but they are confronted by a difficulty in
finding a leader, as none of the aspirants for the posi
tion have any following; and it looks as if Crokcr
might yet have the gratification of laughing last.
ANDERSON FOR SPEAKER.
The Oakland Tribune, the San Francisco
Examiner and a number of other Califor
nia papers are daily endeavoring to make
it appear. that there is a bitter contest on
for the Speakership of the Assembly.
There may be some hidden purpose for all
this. The Tribune makes the prediction
that Hon. Alden Anderson of Sulsun, the
Speaker of. the last Assembly, will be re
elected by the unanimous vote of the Re
publican members. The Tribune is the
first paper in the State to make this clear
cut declaration, but the forces at work
will make it hold good. Walt 'until the
Republican caucus meets at Sacramento
and remember the prediction. ¦
The re-elecilon of Mr. Anderson would
not be the triumph of any faction In the
party. He Is a close friend of Governor
Gage and would be in touch with him in
his efforts j to redeem Republican party
pledges for an honest and economical ad
ministration of State affalrB.
In the diplomatic task of presiding over
the Assembly during that bitter Senato
rial contest of 1899 and 1900, Mr. Anderson
had always Rood words to say of Colonel
Burns,-' General Barnes, Senator Bulla
and Mr. Grant. While standing pat for
what his constituents wanted, he treated
All inujaxtialls; and fatrbr a
SAN LUIS OBISPO TRIBUNE.)
WE directed attention a short time ago to the
rapidity with which estimates of the amount of
reduction that could be made this winter in the
war tax increased with each new report on the sub
ject. First it was hazarded as a guess that there
might be a reduction tc the extent of $15,000,000; then
a report that tine Secretary of the Treasury wouM
recommend a reduction of $20,000,000; in his message
the President recommended a reduction of $30,000,000;
and now comes the report that Chairman Payne of
the Ways and Means Committee has introduced a
bill which it is estimated will make reductions to the
amount of $40,000,348.
The Payne bill proposes to remove almost all the
taxes to which there have been urgent objections.
Those taxes, which, while annoying to the public,
yielded a comparatively small return to the treasury,
are all to be swept away. In fact, from the summary
of the bill that has been telegraphed from Washing
ton it appears as if something like a wholesale re
vision of the war revenue act is to be made.
It is gratifying that among the amendments pro
posed is one to the clause imposing a tax on lega
cies, providing that "nothing in this section shall be
construed to apply to bequests of legacies for uses -of
a religious, literary, charitable or educational char
acter, including works of art." It is against public
interest to tax private beneficence directed to the gen
eral good, and that such a tax was imposed at all was
due solely to the hurried way in which the act was
drawn up to provide a revenue to meet the sudden
emergency of the Spanish war.
It is to be noted that Chairman Payne is quoted as
saying he expects his bill to be passed by the House
before Christmas. Should the expectation prove true,
it will be a pleasant and welcome Christmas gift to
the taxpayers. The Senate may delay the final pas
sage of the measure for some time, but that will not
diminish popular appreciation of the action of the
House.
WAR TAX REDUCTIONS.
THE oil field of California proves to be exten
sive and affluent. The oil jielded is of a qual-'
ity more useful for other purposes than illumi
nation. Its value as a fuel oil is demonstrated and it
may go far to equalize conditions in California that
heretofore have been affected by the State's lack of
coal deposits. If experiments now in progress prove
that it can be used as a smelting fuel, there will im
mediately rise a great steel producing industry here.
Iron ore exists in forty-one counties of this State.
Kiuxes are abundant and accessible, but the lack of
coal in contact with the iron deposits has made the
crt; useless. The physical problem of applying oil to
nmJting will probably be solved, and a new value will
be added to the oil, to the iron ledges and to our
domestic industries.
There are other uses for this grade of oil that need
not wait upon experiment. Its utility in sprinkling
ri.il way roadbeds to k«.ep down dust and vegetation
is already demonstrated. The dirt out of which com
mon roads a:id railway roadbeds have to be con
structed in this State is of such a nature, due to the
friability and excellence «~>f our soils, that such uses
leave the traveler subject to the nuisance of dust
The Santa Fe is already arranging to treat its road
bed with oil as a dust layer. This is done by the
Pennsylvania Central, greatly to the comfort of its
travelers, and to the benefit also of its ties and bal
last. The growth of grass, which by holding mois
ture shortens the life of a tie, is prevented by the
occasional u<* of oil.
In Santa Clara County the oil treatment is already
in operation on the public roads, and it has proved a
perfect dust layer. The experiment should be trie i
<>r\ r:ty streets. Salt water, producing a saline dust
when used for street sprinkling, proves destructive lo
leather and varnish. This will be avoided in the use
cl crude oil. Salt also attracts moisture and keeps
the roadway damp, which in many cases is not de-
The present and- prospective uses of our earth oils
are so numerous that we hail with satisfaction the
discovery of every new source of supply. An eco
nomic material like this oil will not go begging for
applied uses in this age of invention and enterprise.
THE USE OF EARTH OILS.
A DAY IN JANUARY— A. O. S.. City.
The 6th of January. 1873, fell on Monday.
PEREGRINE PICKLE— H. D. D.,
City. "The Adventures of Peregrine
Pickle," in which are included the me
moirs of a lady of quality, may be had at
the Free Public Library of San Francisco.
NOT PREMIUM COINS— C.. Sacra
mento, Cal. Dealers do not offer a pre
mium for half-dollars of 1803, nor for
quarters of 1S34, as they do not buy such.
Such half-dollars can be purchased for $1
and quarters for 50 cents.
IS ELIGIBLE-G. W. H.. City. Any boy
born in the United States is a citizen by
birth and is eligible to become a candidate
for the oflice of President of the United
States, no matter whether born of foreign
parents or of parents born in the United
States.
VALUE OF A CENT— J. H. F., City. An
English penny is a British coin and money
of account of the value of about two
cents in Federal money. In the United
States one cent Is the one hundredth part
of a dollar, -equal to about a half penny
English meney.
CORBETT-JACKSON-SULI.JVAN — J.
H., City. Corbett and Jackson fought
sixty-one rounds May 21, 1S91, before the
California Athletic Club. Declared "no
contest." Corbett and Sullivan fought
twenty-one rounds at the Olympic Club
New Orleans, September 7, li.92; Corbett
the winner.
THE TIME BALL— J. K.. City. The
reason that the announcement Is made
daily in the papers that the time ball on
the ferry building fell at exactly noon or
a second before or after that time is to
keep those who watch the time ball and
regulate chronometers by It informed as
to the precise moment at which it fell.
PICTURES OF AX ACTRESS-S. H.,
City. If you are very anxious to obtain
the photograph of a certain well-known
actress you can obtain such from several
local booksellers, who make a specialty
of dealing in photos of stage celebrities.
Should you fall in this you might write
a letter to the lady, asking her to send
you one.
VOTING— S. M., City. The election law
of California as to the method of marking
a ballot Is that the voter must mark a
cross after the name of each candidate
he desires to vote for, and that cross must
ANSWERS TO CORRESPONDENTS.
PERSONAL MENTION.
A. M. Castle, who is connected with a
large steel and Iron company in Chi
cajjo, is in the city and is making his
headquarters at the Palace. He pre
dicts a bis? boom for San Francisco and
other Pacific Coast points in the event of
the passage of the subsidy bill.
H. C Whitehead, chief of the Santa
Fe auditing department, J. 8. Hall of
Chicago, C. S. Button and N. H. Morrison
of Los Angeles— all connected with th«
Santa Fe— arrived at the Palace last even
ing.
C. C. Crane. Pacific Coast passenger
agent for jthe New York Central, left
yesterday on a trip to Lcs Angeles and
other southern points.
C. B. Hopkins and C. E. NellL mmlng
men from Spokane and Vancouver respec
tively, are at the Palace.
G. S. Holmes, proprietor of the Knuts
ford Hotel in Salt Lake City, registered
at the Palace yesterday.
Frank B. Balrd. a member of th* Buf
falo Board of Trade, Is ependlns & few
days at the Palace.
H. N. Wood of tha United State* reve
nue cutter serrtca Is registered at the
Grand.
Harry Corson Clark, the actor, accom
panied by his wife, la at the Occidental.
W. Y. Boper. an Ottawa merchant. U at
the Palace.
Judge W. Q. Bond of Sant* Clara Is at
the Palace.
Judge J. M. Hughes of Sacramento Is
at the Lick.
J. R. Foster, a MaryBVde hotel mas.
is at the Lick.
O. I. Woodward of Woodward Island
i? at the Grand.
George Jesson. a Watsomrlll© merchant.
Is at the Grand.
W. S. Green. & Coins* nerwspaper man.
Is registered at the Grand.
S. T. Shannon, a prominent Montana
mining man. is at the Palace.
F. H. Kennedy, a well-known merchant
of Stockton, la at the California.
McKINLET'S ANCESTRY— J. C. and
W. R.. City. Robert P. Porter in his Ufa
of William McKlnley says of the Presi
dent's ancestry: "On his grandfather's
side William McKinley can boast of
Scotch-Irish ancestry and a greatgrand
father who fought in the revolutionary
war. On his grandmother's side he is
equally well off. except that t"e ancestor
who married Jamos McKinley the second
originally came from England."
FRIEND IN THE ARMY— A. F. O. T.
C, Oakland. Cal. To ascertain where a
friend in the army is located communi
cate with the War Department at Wash
ington. D. C, giving name of the friend,
letter of the company and number of the
regiment, the branch of the service and
rank. - "* . - ¦ • v
CALIFORNIA AND LUZON— E. E .
City. The gross area of square miles of th«
State of California Is 13S.38O and the ex
treme length of the State is 770 miles.
The area of the island of Luzon, the
largest of the Philippines, is 40.0S3 square
miles. Its length is MO miles.
LINES OX A SKELETON — Several
friends of this department have kindly
sent copies of "Lines on a Skeleton,"
asked for by one of the correspondents.
The thanks of this department are ex
tended to these friends.
THREE DOLLAR PIECB-F. Lv S..
Santa Cruz, Cal. The premium offered by
dealers for three dollar pieces of 1857 Is
from fifty cents to one dollar. The prlca
that dealers charge for such is from $1 50
to $5 50.
TENDER FEET— P. C. H., City. Ten
der feet are the result of a condition of
the body, and there are many causes for
such conditions. Would suggest that you
consult a reputable physician.
THE STEAMER PACIFIC— J. W. D.,
City. The steamer Pacific was sunk In a
collision with the ship Orpheus forty
miles south of Cape Flatten', November
4, 1S75.
be made with a rubber stamp provided for
that purpose. If there are five Judges to
be elected and the voter desires to vote
for the live of one party he must stamp
a cross after each of the flve names. If
he should stamp a cross opposite the first
one of the five the ballot would be counted
for that one only.
WASHINGTON, Dec. «.— Wakefleld
Baker. Mrs. A. N. Towne and Mrs. C. E.
"Worden are at the Raleigh; R. T. Amps,
E. 8. Pillsbury and H. D. Loveland are at
the Arlington— all from San Francisco.
CATJP0BUIAN3 IN WASHINGTON
FASHION HINTS PROM PARIS.
A few years ago It was rare to meet
with a native of London who could swim,
but it-Is condition of things is rapidly
changing. In connection with all board
schools are swimming clubs, and once a
week at least both lads and lasses are
taken to one of the adjacent swimming
baths and taught the art of natation. In
the St. Bride's Institute swimming' 1*
taught as one of the subjects, and there
are no less than 700 who go steadily
through the course during the session.
Nearly half of this number are females,
mostly engaged in the postofflce. and
among them are many expert swimmers.
Up the Thames too, between Teddlngton
and Windsor, from the houseboats ami
riverside residences, swimming- is con
stantly Indulped In by both sexes. — 2Cew
castle Chronicle. \
Children Taught to Swim.
Ladles and children traveling without Mntrt
appreciate the advantage of a solid restibulcd
train Ilka "The Overland Limited," ronntn*
through from Ban Francltco to Chicago, with
out change. IN LES3 THAN THREE DATS.
Leaving San Francisco dally at 19 a. m.. vfa
Central Pacific Union Pacific and Cblcaga and
Northwestern railways.
Tor All Time to Come.
It Is the Boute To-Day, and Will Bo
IT WAS THE ROTJTE HT 49:
The skirt of this costume, which la of
sapphire colored cloth, is ornamented with
applications of black velvet, edged with
silk braid. The short, rounded bolero and
the sleeves are trimmed in similar style.
BLUE CLOTH COSTUME.
EMPIRE CLOTH MANTLE,
The engraving represents an empire
mantel of beige cloth, slightly sloped at
the waist and trimmed with silk embroi
dery rather darker In color. Around the
edge are three rows of silver braid.
FIGURES OF THE LAST CENSUS SEEM TO WARRANT THIS PICTO
RIAL EXULTATION OF THE NEW YORK WORLD.
PENSIONS FOR FORMER SLAVES
EIIJROM several of our Eastern exchanges we learn
I there is being carried on in that section of the
Union, and notably in the South, a scheme de
vised by certain unscrupulous persons for duping
colored people. -The scheme is embodied in a so
called movement for obtaining pensions for former
slaves. The scheme was exposed at the last session
of Congress and its fraudulent nature denounced by
the Senate Committee on Pensions, but none the less
it continues to flourish, and it is said the President re
ceived many letters and petitions urging him to
recommend the plan to Congress in his recent mes
sage.
The promoters of the scheme have in the past
made it profitable by organizing associations in va
rious parts of the country to support the movement
It is stated that for each of these associations there
was a charge of $2 50 for a charter, and 10 cents a
month was collected from each member. In that way
quite a considerable revenue was obtained, and, ac
cording to the Washington correspondent of the New
York Times, it is estimated that upward of 100,000
victims have been duped.
The circulars sent out at first were of a nature so
clearly fraudulent that the postoffice authorities ex
cluded" them from the mails, but it appears the pro
moters have still some means of operating. They
maintain a show of activity at Washington and in
duce a considerable number of negroes, particularly
the more ignorant and credulous, to contribute funds.
The fraud is so attractive to many that the
dupes are numerous, and several of the more
influential papers in the East have undertaken
to put an end to it. Thus the Philadelphia
Public Ledger says that while the scheme is not
without the veneer of plausibility, "it will not de
ceive intelligent people of the North and South of
either race. The States and private benevolence and
charity must support the dependent classes. The na
tion, as such, discharged its duty when the slaves were
given the boon of freedom and when the constitution
and the Federal laws guaranteed them civil rights.
The duty of enforcing them still rests with the na
tion. It is unfortunate if this scheme for the benefit
of its conscienceless organizers cannot be reached by
the criminal law and punished as a conspiracy to cheat
and defraud."
Whether there has been any fraudulent working of
the scheme on this coast does not appear. It is, how
ever, one by which honest and worthy men might be
deceived so far as to give it aid and countenance. It
is therefore a .matter to which our people should give
some attention. From all that we can learn the ac
tivity on the subject displayed at Washington has no
other object than that of enabling a set of promoters
to live on the contributions of their dupes.
How to Inaugurate Corruption.
Once inaugurate the Tamnany system
in the national Government, »nrt give th©
Government control of the transportation
lines, the telegraph lines and the trusts of
the country, and we shall have the same
system of corruption In the nation that
we now see in the city of Xew,York. and
it will be just as difficult to oust the party
in power, which controls the patronage,
as It is to oust Tammany— RICHMOND
Not a Woman's Religion.
Islamlsm la a man's religion, ! as the
Koran la a man's book. To the Mussul
man! of to-day, as to the follower of the
Prophet in the seventh century, woman la
an incident, a reward and a pleasure to
man. She ministers only to his physical
wants and has no share in his future.
Superior feminine beings are hl« houri
companion* in paradise. "Woman Is of
the earth, a creature, a clod, whose re
ligious observances are of value only as
they make her earthly life acceptable to
Allah. Sh© exists not with man, but for
man. Her life Is lnsitmiflcant and to be
sacrificed with impunity if need be. — NEW
YORK PRESa
Boers as Soldiers.
It was believed that when the Boers
lost their ablest generals, and when their
President had been driven from the coun
try, they would descend to the wormt
species of lawless warfare. The best
friends of the fljrhtlng Boers feared that
In their extremity they would resort to
the tactics of desperate men and conduct
a cruel, 1 relentless warfare against the
Invaders of their country- They have not
done this. There Is no more savagery In
their campaign now than there was In the
beginning-. They capture British garri
sons and release their prisoners. They at
tack British camps, but after the method
of daring, disciplined soldiers. In their
method of campaign. In their treatment
cf prisoners, they are holding to a stan
dard certainly as hfgrh as that of the Brit
ish themselves. They are lighting to, the
last as soldiers.-CHICAGO XNTER
OCEAN. ,
EDITORIAL
UTTERANCE
IN VARIETY
THE SCHOOL OF EXPERIENCE.
THE CALL recently said: "The decline of the
stock industry, brought about by destruction of
feed on the free range, has at last reached tha
consumers of meat in the form of a higher price for
that food." It is surprising that the Post attacks this
as an expression of "the cattle barons," and, with a
strangely strabismatic logic declares that: "It is not
true that the destruction of the feed on the free
ranges is the cause of the high price of meat to the
consumer. The advance is normal, and is the result
of the scarcity of feed on all the ranges, owing to the
season and the necessity of stall feeding."
The calm and common mind will be inclined to ad
mit that the' destruction of feed makes it scarce, and
we have the testimony of the range men themselves,
and of the agrostologists of the Agricultural Depart
ment, that use of the range in common, resulting in
overstocking, destruction of the natural forage by too
close feeding, and increase in aridity, drying up the
deep springs and watercourses, is the cause of the
rapid decline in the number of range cattle, that has
made meat scarce and high. Of course the advance in
the price of meat is "normal," if by that is meant the
relation of supply and demand, as distinguished from
an abnormal, .or artificial, rise in price, that would be
due to the cornering of the supply to hold it until the
unsatisfied demand laised the price. The Post
should seek understanding and discuss this important
issue from the standpoint of accurate information,
and not as if it were the advocate of some great cor
poration that has millions of acres of land to sell and
wants the public domain that is suited to grazing only
destroyed in order to enhance the value of its public
grant. <
The decrease of range cattle and the high price of
meat and the scarcity of forage are not things of a
season, but are the progressing results of destroying
the capacity of the free range to carry stock. We
quote again the, statistics of receipts of range cattle
in Chicago in proof that it is caused by no sudden
drought, nor by the emergency of one season. The
range cattle received in 1895 amounted to 429,300
head; in 1896, to 272.200; in 1897, to 236,300; in 1898,
to I95.I/5; in 1899, to 177,300; in 1900, to 142,600. That
is a decline of 66 per cent in six years. It means, and
can only mean, a decline of two-thirds in the feeding
capacity of the free range which fed these cattle. The
range has left only one-third the feed that it had in
1895. Let things go on as they are, which the Post
seems to want, and it need not tax its knowledge of
business arithmetic unduly to figure out the brief
time that will elapse before the free range is all de
stroyed and the "scarcitj-" of feed, which it now ad
mits to exist, will become the total disappearance of
all the range forage.
It is not true that The Call, or any stock man, has
advocated leasing "vast tracts of Government do
main to the cattle barons for long terms of years,
thus virtually establishing a monopoly in the grazirg
lands of the West that must eventually place these
acres absolutely beyond the reach of settlers," as the
Post insists. *
At the meeting of the Pacific Stockmen's Associa
tion in this, city last spring a memorial was sent to
Congress asking it to pass a "law to classify lands in
the arid and semi-arid regions, segregating such tracts
a?, are more valuable for grazing than for any other
j-urpo«e. and leasing the same as grazing ranges, for
the use of actual stock-owners and the owners of
abutting agricultural lands, reserving mineral and
such other rights as will equalize benefits, induce ac
tual agricultural settlement when the same is pos
sible, and. above all. arrest the present rapid destruc
tion of the sole value of these ranges, which consists
in their natural grasses and other forage."
It was determined by the association which sent
that memorial that no law could or should pass that
did not protect the *mall stock-owner, the mineral
prospector and the agricultural settler. Yet the Post
attacks these men as rabid monopolists, cattle barons
and sinister citizens!
As to the leasing policy for grazing lands, we are
not without precedents and examples. It is probable
that in wise and reasonable treatment and solution of
physical and economic problems the Australian Gov
ernments are the foremost in the world. The English
race settled there has worked out on virgin soil the
very issue that is before us here. This has been done
without passion or prejudice, and Australia may well
be proud of the result. In an arid climate she pos
sessed vast grazing tracts that were as rapidly robbed
of their forage as ours have been. But Australia,
with keen wisdom, arrested the destruction in time,
and by a wisely regulated leasing system has restored
the stock-carrying capacity of her public domain,
piotected large and small stock-owners in their rights
thereto, and guarded also the rights of the mineral
prospector and the agricultural settler. As a result
Australia is one of the great meat supplying nations.
Our troops and crews in the Philippines have been fed
Australian meat, and her supply and export are in
creasing every year. Her people are like ours, and
as free. They are as alert in protecting their rights
against monopoly, and under their leasing system no
monopoly has appeared, except a monopoly of pros
perity to the stock-owners, large and small. To say
that we cannot well tike lessons of Australian wis
dom is to utter folly.
The law upon which our Western stock men are
reaching agreement proposes that the leasing policy
shall be optional to counties, and shall not anywhere
apply except in counties that have asked for it. This
optional system is itsdf a safeguard against monopoly.
Unless something of the kind is done, and that soon,
the drought and the desert will "monopolize the
ranges, and the rise in the price of meat will go on un
til its percentage of advance equals the percentage in
the decline of range stock, and meat will become a
luxury.
THE REAL WORLD POWER.
any hitch, and in thaj. one the' interruption did riot
exceed five minutes. A review of the votes showed
that fewer mistakes- were made by the machines than
by the voters in marking the Australian ballot; and
there was a gre'at gain of time both in voting and in
counting the. vote. It is to be noted, moreover, that
a careful recount proved the count of each machine to
have been accurate.
Commenting upon the confirmation which the
Rhode Island experiments have thus given to the re
sults obtained in other cities, the Springfield Repub
lican says: "It is practically settled, if appearances
do not mislead, that change from hand to machine
voting in the near future is inevitable. The important
thing at the present time, therefore, is a careful and
unprejudiced examination of the claims of all ma
chines in the market in order that when machines are
adopted they shall be the best adapted for the pur
pose designed. Let all have a fair chance to show
what they are capable of doing. It is only in this
way that we can get the best and the most economi
cal."
The view expressed by the Republican is undoubt
edly the right one. Machine voting has come to stay.
California should not be the last State in the Union
to adopt the system, and the subject should receive
the attention of the Legislature during -the coming
winter. A method of voting which has proven eco
nomical, accurate, speedy and labor-saving in so many
cities can no longer be regarded as a visionary
scheme.
GAY SEASON is promised at Hotel del
Coronado. Coronado. Cal., this winter with a
Jolly housefnl. an expert golf tournament, meet
ing of neld. trial, club, hunting fiafain*. boat
leg, eta, •*»•
A CHANCE TO SMILE.
"Is Miss Trlller an obliging singer?"
"Oh. yes; half the time she refuses to
sing."— Philadelphia Evening Bulletin.
"Yesterday our literary club discussed
'Conversation as a Lost Art." "
"What. was the final decision V
"Oh, such a hubbub arose that nobody
heard what anybody said."— Indianapolis
journal.
UncleC severely)— When I was your age
I always stood at the head of my class.
Sam— What a chump you must have
been at football.— Puck.
The Doctor-Here I carried that patient
through a desperate sickness, only to— -
T.\!- s "'"e-Have him object to your fee?
T if op dead "when he saw my billl"
"What are you nosing: around that At-
L l i, 1 £«f.fc able frr asked the loiter of Vhe
"Oh," said the latter, nonchalantlv
Siffiffi ew oce£m current *'
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY; DECEMBER 7, 1900.
6
AMUSEMENTS.
California— Haverly'a Mlnrtrete.
Orph*>um— Vaudeville.
Alcarar— "Madame Butterfly."
Columbia — "The Fortune Teller."
TUcil— "A Joily Mu»k«rteer."
Alhambra— #4 A Hot Old Time."
Oivmpta. corner Mason and Eddy •treeta— Specialties.
Chutee, Zoo and Tbeater— Vaudeville every aftercoon and
Ev«>T3iU£.
Fiw-her>— Vau«3»>v<!]e.
Exposition Puild;n«. Oakland— Dojr and Poultry Show.
( aiifornia J.x-kf.v club. Oakland Race-rack- Kaies to-<lay.
AUCTION RAT.F.S.
By Switz«>r-Thl« day, at U o f clock. Horw. at Twelfth and
Hamtcn street*.
Or ti. t. <->.. ver— We<!ne*i5ay. Decrmber 12. at U o'clock.
R*a! F!Mat«\ at '^3 Sutler street.
Choice candles, Townsend's^Palace Hot*!.'
Towncend's California, glace fruits, 50c a
pound. In flre-etched boxes or Jap bas-
kets. A nice present for Eastern friends
633 Market street. Palace Hotel buildlnc •
Special Information supplied dally to
business homes and public men bj tba
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's), alt) Mont.
KOinery st. Telephone Main 1042. •
An Austrian named Anton Pctei man-
fiel, who recently died at Steyr. had made
a collection or about 3000 knives of all
times. :¦¦ "¦•: \i
Th© municipal authorities of G!asi?"w
are considering a proposition for the es-
tablishment of a city savlnprs bank.
A doctor, who keeps his pa-
tient at home, when he ought
to send him away — for money
—ought to be held responsible.
So ought we, if we mislead.
Our offense is greater than
his, because we endanger
thousands of lives by one ad-
vertisement—millions read it.
Some few must go for a
change of climate, or die; but,
to thousands, Scott's emulsion
of cod-liver oil is cure at home.
We'll send yon a little to try if yon Eke\ ><
8COXX & BOWKV .^Btgtarijtgg, yew Yadfc
ADVERTISEMENTS.
NEXT TO MURDERA cold north wind has sprung: up be
tween Assistant United States Attorney
Edward J. Banning and Chauncey M. St.
John, Acting Surveyor of Customs, and
the mercury falls forty degrees when they
approach within a block of each other.
Mr. St. John thinks the United States At
torney's office Is lukewarm In the proso
cutlon of petty smugglers employed on
Government transports, because federal
Grand Juries have almost invariably ig
nored the charges.
"I Intend to protect my men In the per
formance of their duties," said Mr. St.
John yesterday, "and I am tired of having
these Government smugglers giving Cus
toms Inspectors the ha: ha! and braggin?
that they escape punishment in the bi?
federal building. The value of th© article*
attempted to be smuggled cuts no figure
with me. If men are allowed to smug
gle- cigars and pieces of silk they will
turn to smuggling, diamonds and opium.
When Inspector Bnloo goes to the Dis
trict Attorney's office to prefer a com
plaint they ¦ say to him, 'Oh, here's
another of St. John's kindergarten smug
gling cases.' I don't care what the Dis
trict Attorney's office does or what Granl
Juries do. I am going- to prevent gmuj
gling If I can."
On the other hand, Mr. Banning: assert
ed yesterday that he has prosecuted all
cases that have been presented, and that
if federal Grand Juries have Ignored the
charges he is not responsible. In answer
to the charge that the office has spoken
disrespectfully of the Surveyors office,
he said that -when Inspector Enloo cama
In with complaints against somebody for
emuggglin? small quantities of cigars or
small pieces of silk, he an'd Assistant At
torney Woodworth used to try to pass
the cases to the other In jest but that
they • were always prosecuted until
quashed by the Grand Jury.
He Says It Is iAikewaria'in Prosecut
ing Smugglers and tho Other
Party Throws the Blame
on the Grand Jury.
Aoting Survejor St John
Complains of the U. S.
Attorney's Office.
ARCTIC WAVE IN
CUSTOMS HOUSE
Matters of Interest to Mariners and
Shipping Merchants.
The Norwegian steamer Eldsvold loads flour
and merchandise at Tacoma for China; the
NEWS OF THE OCEAN.
Water Front Notes.
The British ship Manx King arrived
from Antwerp yesterday. She was a long
time getting here and was oft the coast
a fortnight ago. Once she ran away from
the Altx Gibson, but later on Captain
Holmes' ship overhauled the Manx King
and tx-nt her into port oy two days.. The
Manx King had a hard time off Staten Isl
and, and on September 22 she was In a
very heavy gale. There was a terrific sea
and everything movable on deck waa
washed overboard. Thence to port the
had light winds and calms.
&-r|=d HERB will be an unusual rush of
1 travel to Alaskan points next
1 spring and summer. The Pacific
)t Coast Steamship Company Is pre
paring to put six steamships on
the line and there will be others In com
petition. The bi? transport Senator Is be
ing- Rot ready for the service, while the
State 1 of California has been withdrawn
from the Columbia River trade and will
be turned into an excursion boat. The
new steamship Spokane, which Is to be a
veritable floating palace, is also nearing
completion, and she also will go on the
excursion run. Then there will be the
Cottage City. City of Topeka and Al-Ki,
besides half a dozen others.
It Is not so many years ago that one
steamship was enough to care for all the
Alaskan trade. In those days the old Cal
ifornia ran from Sound ports to Juneau
and Sltka once a month. Leter the Cali
fornia's name was changed to Eureka and
for yearn she ran on the southern route.
After the withdrawal of the California
the old Los Angeles took up the running,
and she was followed by the Idaho. The
Idaho went the way of many unlucky
ships and the Ancon took her place. The
Ancon went on a reef and never came oil
and the City of Topeka waa put on as a
bi-monthly boat.
The Topeka has been running ever since,
but to help out she has had as assistants
the Mexico. Corona, Queen and Al-Ki.
The Mexico was lost on the Alaskan coast
and the Corona came near to sharing her
fate. She went on the rocks near the
Wrangel Narrows and was only got oil
after some hard work. Since then the
rush to Alaska has increased with leaps
and bounds, and next spring will se« a
dozen vessels on the route.
? . .¦¦.:»<':¦,
Sailed for the Orient.
The steamship Nippon Maru pot avmy
for the Orient yesterday. She did not
take many passengers, but she had all the
freight she could pack. Owing to the
trouble aboard during the last voyage
there were a number of changes. R. B.
Slocum. formerly of the Coptic, wt?nt out
as purser. Dr. A- J. Minaker went out
as surgeon. Mrs. Walker went out as
stewardess. Ther*» may be some more
changes when the Nippon Maru eets back
to San Francisco.
Sun, Moon and Tide.
United States Coast and Geodetic 8urr«y—
Times and Heights of High and Low
Waters at Fort Point, entrance to San
Francisco Bay. Published by official au
thority of the Superintendent.
NOTE—The high and low waters occur at tha
city front (Mlselon-street wharf) about twenty
fiva minutes later than at Fort Point; the
height of tide Is the same at both places.
FRIDAY, DECEMBER 6.
Sun rises T:ll
Sun sets 4 :51
Moon rises «:« P- m.
The Logan will he the first of the. fleet
to get away. She will take a number of
recruits and some supplies, getting away
on the ICth inst. She will be followed the
next day by the Thomas. The latter trans
port wi'll not carry any troops, but will
be loaded down with supplies. The Han
cock Is expected next week 1 and she will
sail aeain January 1. All of these vessels
are being rushed back to the Philippines
to bring home the volunteers. The War
ren is now gathering up the Tenth Cav
alry and Is expected here about Christmas
time. Should she arrive on time the
chances are that she will be sent out
again on January 16. All the transports
•will be kept on the move from now on un
til the volunteers are home again.
Movements of Transports.
To enjoy fully the luxury of a brilliant, soft,
15n«? flavored ale or stout you muFt drlnlc EV
ANS" famous brewings. Bottled at brewery. •
The British ships* Drumburton, Drum
rauir and Drumrock and the American
hark Guy C. Goss have twen purchased
by the Western Commercial Company and
their home port will In future be Ban
Kraneisco. The Drumburton a.rrlved in
port a few days aK<>. while the Guy C
Goss is on her way here from New York
and the Drummuir and Drumrock are
coming here from England via Australia.
The Western Commercial Company also
owns the brlR John D. Spreckels and the
steamship Mexico, both of which vessels
are in the Mexican trade.
Francisco Firm.
Four Sailing Ships Purchased by San
VESSELS FOB COAST THADE.
I As MALT-XUTRINE can be found In any druc
store for the purposes for which Malt-Xutrlne
1* prei>are<J. It 1» superior to all other tonics',
and no (substitute should b^ accepted. Made by
Anheuser-U-jeih Hrewlng Ass'n, Ft. Louie, U.
S. A., and Fold by all drueeUts.
Nothing Just as Good
Police Officer M. J. Filbert testified to
being called into the house soon after
the crime; to the finding of the body of
Mrs. Clute in the back bedroom.; to his
notification of the police at the Seven
i teemh-street station, and of his finding
I of the coupling pin partly covered with
' blood in the front room on his second
; visit to the house after he had notlned his
. superiors of the crime.
Dr. T. J. Inman swore that he was
called to the house to attend what he
thought was a suicide. He rushed up the
' stairs and found the body of Mrs. Cluti?
i lying on the floor wiih her face covered
' with blood. With a neighbor, a mar»
i named Meyers, he then ran to the street
! and called Police Officer Filbert. He at
! tended the autopsy of the deceased at tlie
I Morgue and found eleven wounds on her
head. They could have caused her death,
he said, and they might have been inflict
1 ed with an instrument such as the coup
ling pin. The case was then continued till
j this morning.
Mrs. Annie Armstrong, mother of Percy,
was then called. She identified the bag
in evidence as similar to the one Hot?
used when he worked In her house, but.
she was very positive that she had never
seen Hoff use a coupling pin In connection
with his work.
Mrs. Lfgg, who had been on the stand
Wednesday, was cross-examined nearly
all of yesterday morning by Attorney
Schooler. She stood hrm on her evidence
and could not be shaken, with the excep
tion that she would not positively identi
fy Hoff as the man that came out of the
side entrance of the house after she heard
screams upstairs and van out of the front
door for assistance. She stated that tho
man that came from tne house and passed
up the street and turned Into Liberty
street carried a carpet bag, «...at he had
a dark, shabby suit on, and that he
looked like the defendant, but that she
was not certain that Hoff was the man.
In the former trial she was positive that
it was the defendant, but yesterday she
would not positively twear to his iden
tity. Her testimony waa accepted In the
light of a victory oy the defense. On
the rest of her evidence she stood firm-
Yesterday Armstrong's memory waa
very bad. He coyld remember nothing
about the tragedy without first reading
his evidence in the former trial. He de
luyed the proceedings fully twenty min
utes In the- morning by studying the evi
dence, and the court adjourned at the
noon hour with him still reading his
former testimony. In the afternoon his
memory wa*» worse and as he stepped
from the stand after being excused, Eu
gene Deuprey pointedly asked him if lie
nad been approached by or had talked
with any person representing Hoff. Ho
denied talking to any .-uch and ever hav
ing been coached by anybody.
Something of a sensp.tlon was sprung in
tUe Hoff ca^e yesterday afternoon when
Percy Armstrong was leaving the wit
ness stand. The lad is 14 ye*re old and
at the former trial positively swore that
he saw Hoff, whom ;ie knew well, pass
down Liberty street near Valencia on
December 16, 1^7; that home boys shouted
"Hello, Hoff." and that it was about 3
o'clock In the evening.
Deuprey Asks Young Armstrong if
He Has Been Approached, by
Any Person for the
Defendant.
Mrs. Legg Refuses to Posi
tively Identify Albert
Hoff.
TWO WITNESSES
ARE IN DOUBT
NOTE In tbe above exposition of the tides
the early morning tides are given to the left
hand column and tbe successive tides of the
day In the order of occurrence as to time of
day. the third time column give* the last
tide of the day, except when there are but
three tides, as sometimes occurs. The heights
given are In addition to the soundings on the
United States Coast Survey charts, except
when a minus sign (— ) precedes the height, and
then the number given Is subtracted from tbe
depth given by the charts. ' The plane of refer
ence Is the mean of the lowax low waters.
Ealled Dec 8 — Stmr Greenwood, for San Fran
clsoo ; stmr National City, for San Francisco. -
FORT BRAGG- Arrived Deo fr_stmr Xoyo,
hence Dec 6.
VENTURA— Arrived Dec 6— Stmr Coronado,
from Grays Harbor.
SAN DIEGO— Sailed Dec «— Br ship Falkland,
for Tacoma. ' ¦'¦¦' ¦ ¦
EUREKA— Sailed Dec 6— Btmr Pomona, for
Ban Francisco; stmr Del Norte, for Astoria.
IVERSEN8 LANDING— Sailed Deo 6-Schr
Ocean Fpray, for San Francisco. -
SAM PEDRO— Sailed Dee 6— Sohr Ethel Zane,
for Port _ TO wnsond. •
DOMESTIC PORTS.
SEATTLE—Arrlved Deo 8— Btmr Rainier,
henc* Dec 2. Deo 6— Br ship Westgate, from
Port Towneend.
Sailed Dec 0— Stmr Ciarina, for Tacoraa.
PORT LOS ANGELES-Arrlved Dec 6-Stmr
National City, from San Pedro.
POINT LOBOS, Dec 7. 10 p m— Weather
hazy; wind NE, velocity 16 miles.
TELEGRAPHIC.
t/DNDON. Deo ft— Ship Oo SkoMeld. pn
x-louply reported, sailed for Shanghai and not
Nae&sakl.
Thursday, December 8.
Stmr Geo Loomls, Bridgett, Ventura.
Stmr John S Kimball, Thwlng, Seattle.
Btmr Navarro, Jensen; Bowens Landing.
U S stmr Philadelphia, Meade, Panama.
Jap synr Nippon Maru, Green, Hongkong,
etc.
Bark Edward May, Hansen, Honolulu.
Schr Bender Bros, Wetz«l. Bihlers Point.
Schr Mary C, Campbell, Fort Ross.
MISCELLANEOUS,' "¦¦' K
SAILED.
Thursday, December 8.
Stmr John 8 Kimball, Thwlng, Comox, via
Port Townoend; K T Kruse.
Etmr Mineola, David, Nanaimo; Pacific Im
provement Co. '
Etmr Corona, Glelow, San Pedro; Goodall,
Perkins & Co.
Jap stmr Nippon Maru, Greene," Hongkong,
via Honolulu and Yokohama; W H Avery.
Br stmr Victoria, Blakey, Chemainus: R
Dunsmulr's Sons Co.
Hark Edward May,. Hansen. Honolulu; Alex
ander & Baldwin.
Bchr Louise J Kenny, Olsen, Caroline
Islands.
ARRIVED.
Thursday, December 6.
Stmr Whltesboro, Olsen, 16 hours from Green
wood.
Stmr Mandalay, Reed. 3 days from Cbqullle
River, via Crescent City 36 hours.
Stmr Santa. Rosa, Alexander, 43 hours from
San Diego and way ports.
Stmr Westport, Ericsson, 28 hours from Eu
reka.
Stmr Geo W Elder, Randell, CHi hours from
Portland, via Astoria 50 hours.
Stmr South Portland. Hall, 104 hours from
Seattle.
Btmr Point Arena, Kansen, it hours from
Mendoclno.
Btmr Arcata, Reed, 58 hours from Coos Bay.
Stmr Newsboy, Hlggins, 38 hours from Port
Loa Anceles.
Stmr AJex Duncan. Guthrle, 24 hours from
Moss Landing.
Stmr Portland, Lundqulst, 100 hours from
Seattle. ,
Br shlo Manx King, Pratt. 159 days from
Antwerp.
Bohr Joseph and Henry. Rasmussen, 8 days
from Coo,uille River.
Bchr Mary Buhne, Weber, 4 days from Eu
reka.
Schr Ivy, Hall, 7 days from Coos Bay.
Shipping Intelligence.
For Korea— 41 bbls Insulated wire, 93 cs
canned goods. 36 pkgs groceries and provisions.
79 gals wine.
For tiiam— 9 cs whisky.
For Manila— 9600 gain beer, 525 cs canned
goods, 6 cs cordage, 50 bxs fruit, 23 pkgs gro
ceries and provisions, 50 bxs lemons, 5300 lbs
lard, 1100 crs onions, 73 cs oranges, 4500 crs po
tatoes, 21 ca typewriters.
For East Indies— 6000 lbs dried fruit, 828 cs
salmon.
For Vladivostok— 2 crs sewing machines, 3
crs bicycles .23 pkga machinery, 125 cs tools.
The Japanese steamer Nippon ' Mara sailed
yesterday for China and Japan with the usual
carfto of merchandise, valued at $195,871. mani
fested hr follows: For China, $63,109; for Japan,
$90,306; for Manila, $21,223; for East Indies,
$1549; for Vladivostok, $10,317; for Korea, $3188;
for Slarn. $79. The. following were the prin
cipal shipments:
F"or China — 36S cs canned goods, 1809 lbs
cheese, 3264 lbs chocolate, 2375 lbs codfish, 22 cs
1 dry goods, SO pkgs 1233 lbs dried fruit, 3 cs
drugs, 10,667 bbls flour. £0 cs fruit, 17 casks
j ginseng, 639 pkgs groceries and provisions,
2315 lbs ham and bacon, 6600 \Xte lard 13 rolls
leather, SO cs lemons, 2SSO- lbs millstuffs. 4263
lbs mustard, 24S7 lbs oleomargarine, SI bxs
ra?te, 10,000 lbs pearl barley, 30 cs salmon, SO
kegp sourkrout. 2O2S gals wine. 100 cs whisky.
Kor Japan — 9 cs arms and ammunition, 7 cr«
bath tubs, 16.624 lbs bread. 72 crs bicycles and
sundries 881 bales cotton, 244 cs canned goods,
,6 bales deerskins, 2SS0 lbs dried fruit, 6 cs elec
trical roods, 3260 bbls flour, 319 pkgs groceries
and provisions, 7 cs hardware, 975 lbs ham and
bacon. 1325 lbs hops. 1042 pigs lead. 43 rolls
leather, 7 cs lemons. 14 pk*s machinery, 2000
kegs nails, 50 cs salmon, 138 gals wine.
Departure of the Japanese Liner.
Tbc steamer Mexico sailed yesterdcty for
Mexican ports with a general cargo, valued at
$38.E22, Including the following: 22 pkgs assay
ing material, Gf.00 lbs borax. 43 ctls barley, 20,116
lbs corn. 10 colls cordage, 111 bbls cement, 75
pkgs chair stock, 102 cs canned goods, 112 cs
Aragit, 13 cs dry goods, 264S lbs dried fruit, 6
pkgs electrical goods, 21 cs fuse. 2(KiO bbls flour.
341 pkgs fruit and vegetable*. 10 cs gin, 105 cs
glass. 1*90 pkgs groceries and provisions, 932
bales hay, 116 cs hardware, ?S bdls iron, 54,338
feet lumber, 39 pkgs machinery. 6 cs mineral
water, COO lbs nuts, 26 kegs nails and eplkes.
?351 lbs oats, 72 crs onions, 64 cs oil, 191 cn>
potatoes. 77 cs paint, 91 pkgs produce. 30 cs
powder. 2S* cs pipe and fittings. 17 pkgs ral
slns, 4742 lbs sago, 64 pgs "ISO lbs soda, 110 bdls
shingles, f.3 bdls epice, SKI bdla shooka, 12 cs
silk goods, 43 cheats tea, 11 ca turpentine, 6114
lbs tallow, 10 bbls tar, 100 cs whisky. 8233 gala
10 cm wine, fi reels wire.
Merchandise for Mexico.
An additional manifest has been reported at
the Custom-hou!«e for the Australia, which
sailed Tuesday for Tahiti. The | manifest was
valued at J60S7, and Included tbe following: 2
cs arms and ammunition, 2 era bicycles, 15
colls cordage, 18,740 lbs bread, 2S cs canned
poods, 5 cs candles, 13 cs dry poods, BO bbls
flour, 20 pkgs precedes snd provisions, 70 cs
hardware, 60,908 feet lumber, 110 lbs lard, IS
kegs nails. S crs onlonis 7 bdls oars. 23 crs po
tatoes, 6735 lbs rice, 7 cs stationery, 3 cs shoes,
4 bbls IS cs salmon, 20 cs soap, 20,000 shingles,
13 pkps ship chandlery, 1700 lbs salt, 15 crs sew
ing machines, 3 cs turpentine, 25 reels wire.
Additional Cargo.
Mohican, merchandise for Honolulu; the Manx
King-, wheat to Europe. <0s, prior to arrival.
TO ARRIVE.
Steamer Movements.
NEAH BAY-Pansad out Deo *-Schr R W
Bartlctt, from Whatcom, for San Pedro.
TORT TOWNBEND- Sailed Deo 9-Br ship
"tt'estgrate; for ; Ger bark at Marys Bay. for
Arrived Deo *— U S stznr Wheeling, from
Alaska.
WHATCOM-Salled Deo S-Schrs Maweema
and R W Bartlett. for Ban Pedro.
GRAYS HARBOBr-Launcbed Dec 6— Schr F
M Slade. —
UMPQUA— Sailed Dee ?— Schr Beulah. for
Ban Pedro; schr Lily, for San Francisco.
EASTERN PORT.
. NORFOLK- Balled Deo 6 — Br stmr Ataka. for
Manila.
FOREIGN PORTS.
CAPE TOWN— Arrived Deo fr-Shlp Ellwell.
from Chemainus.
HONGKONG— Arrived' prior to Deo 5-Br
stmr Braemer, from Oregon.
Balled Oct 30 — Br ship Castl» Rock, for Royal
Roads.
SAMARANG-Salled Oct lfr-Br stmr Royal
lst, for San Francisco.
MANILA— In port Deo S— Brshlp Glooscap.
for Pu~et Sound.
LIVERPOOL— Sailed Deo 6— Br ship Dovenby
Hall, for San Franclsoo.
AUCKLAND— Sailed Deo 6— Stmr Alameda,
for Fan Francisco.
CALLAO— Arrived Nov SO— Br bark Ivanhoe.
from Whatcom. Dec 5 — Bktn 'Willie R Hume,
from F*ort Braes'.
Palled Dec 3— Schr Ppokane. for Palaverry.
HAVRIi>-Arrlved Dec 6— Ger Btmr Tanls,
hence Sept 6.
OCEAN STEAMERS.
" NEW YORK— Arrived Dec 6— Stmr Deutsch
land. from llamburir.
Arrived Pec 8 — Stmr Frrtderlch der Oroese,
from Bremen, via Southampton and Cherbourg.
HALIFAX— Arrived Dec 6— Stmr Tunisian.
. from Liverpool.
1 GIBRALTAR— Arrived Doc «— Stmr Kara
maniM. from New York, via L1b»on. for Genoa,
and Naples, etc.
ItOlTKHDAM-Salled Doc fr-Stmr Rotter
dam, for Boulogne and New Tork.
PORTLAND— Arrived Dec 6-Stmr Dominion.
; from Liverpool.
Balled Deo 6 — Stmr Peruvian, for Glassryw.
HONGKONG— Arrived prior to Dec 6— Stmr
Braemer. from Portland. Or, via Manila.
HAVRE)— Arrived I>ec» 6-Stmr Tanis, from
San Francisco, via Hamburg.
CHERBOURG — Arrived Dec 6— Stmr Pretoria,
from New York, via Plymouth, for Hamburg.
LONDON— Sailed Dec 6— Stmr Minnehaha, for
New York.
BREMEN— Arrive Dee S— Stmr Kaiser Wit
helm der firosse, from New York.
ST JOHNS. N F— Arrived Dec «— Stmr Siber
ian, from Gla*i?ow and Liverpool, for Halifax
and Philadelphia, . -
AUCKLAND-Salled Dec 6, at 7 p m-Stmr
Alameda, from Sydney, for Apia, Honolulu
and San Francisco.
THE SAN FKANCISCO CAI/L, FRIDAY, DECEMBER 7, .1900.
Haifa Dozee New Vessels Will Oo oira the Rim airad
.There Will Be Sharp Competition.
MANY STEAMSHIPS GETTING
READY FOR ALASKAN TRADE
SOME OF THE STEAMSHIPS THAT WILL. RUK TO AUA.SKA NEXT SEASON. THE PACIFIC COAST STEAM
SHIP COMPANY HAS MADE ELABORATE PREPARATIONS TO MEET THE EXPECTED RUSH. IT IS PRE
PARING TO PUT SIX VESSELS INTO THE TRADE.
TO SA
7
Steamer. I Destination.
Sails.
I Pier.
I'matllla ... Vic & Pgt Sd. Dec. 7. 11 am PJer »
Curacao ... Mexico...:.... Dec 7. 10 am Pier 11
Corona ....Newport Dec 7, 9 am Pier 11
Kureka Humboldt Dec. 7. 9 am Pier 13
S. Portland Portland Dec. 7.12 mjPler —
Empire .... Cooe Bay Dec. 8. 10 am Pier 13
City Sidney N\ Y. v. Pan. Deo. 8. 12 m PMSS
Pt. Arena.. Point Arena.. Dec. 8, 2 pm Pier 2
Mandalay . Coqullle Rlv'r Dec. 8, 10 am Pier 3
Fulton Astoria &Ptld Dec. 8, 4 pm Pier N
Arcata Coos Bay Deo. 8.12 m Pier 13
C. Nelson.. Humboldt Deo. 8. 8 am Pier 2
Pomona ... Humboldt Dec 9, 3 pm Pier 9
NewburR .. Grays Harbor Dec. 9. 5 pm Pier 3
O. W. Elder Portland Dec. 9. 11 am Pier 24
Santa Rosa. San Diego Dec. 9, 9 am Pier 11
R. Dollar.. Seattle Dec. 10, 5 pm Pier IS
S. Barbara. Humboldt Dec, 10. 10 am Pier 2
North Fork Humboldt Dec. 10, 9 am Pier 2
Rival Willapa Har.. Dec. 10. 5 pm Pier 3
Alliance ... Portl'd&C.B. Dec. 11, 10 am Pier 20
Bonlta Newport Dec. 11, 9 am Pier 11
Samoa Humboldt Dec. 11, 10 am Pier 2
Queen San Diego.... Dec 12. 9 am Pier 11
Senator .... Vic & Pgt 3d. Dec. 12. 11 am Pier 9
Sierra ...... Australia..... Dec. 12, 9 pm Pler-7
City R. Jan China* Japan Deo. 14. 1 pm PMS3
Czarina ... Seattle ATac. Dec. 14. C pm Pier 8
Columbia .. Portland Dec. 14. 11am Pier 24
a Time Time Time Tlmel
» Ft. Ft. Ft. 1 Ft.
S (H W L ' W H W 1* W
T .. 0:4S 4.7 1:04 8.1 11:11 6.4 6:20—1.1
t ... 1:SO 4.9 5:66 S.8 11:6» 6.0 7:05 — O.»
» ... J:l« 5.0 6:51 3.2 12:48 .6.8 7:49 —0.4
10 . 3:04 4.9 7:54 3.2 1:42 5.0 8:30 0.1
11 3:50 E.O >:06 3.1 1:40 4.6 9:10 0.7
12*" 4:33 5.0 10:26 3.0 8:46 4.0 »:51 1.1
IS '" 6:14 5.1| 11:45 1.6 6:01 3.B 10:87 1.7
Steamer. I Destination.
Sails.
I Pier.
I'matllla ... Vic & Pgt Sd. Dec. 7. 11 am PJer »
Curacao ... Mexico...:.... Dec 7. 10 am Pier 11
Corona ....Newport Dec 7, 9 am Pier 11
Kureka Humboldt Dec. 7. 9 am Pier 13
S. Portland Portland Dec. 7.12 mjPler —
Empire .... Cooe Bay Dec. 8. 10 am Pier 13
City Sidney N\ Y. v. Pan. Deo. 8. 12 m PMSS
Pt. Arena.. Point Arena.. Dec. 8, 2 pm Pier 2
Mandalay . Coqullle Rlv'r Dec. 8, 10 am Pier 3
Fulton Astoria &Ptld Dec. 8, 4 pm Pier N
Arcata Coos Bay Deo. 8.12 m Pier 13
C. Nelson.. Humboldt Deo. 8. 8 am Pier 2
Pomona ... Humboldt Dec 9, 3 pm Pier 9
NewburR .. Grays Harbor Dec. 9. 5 pm Pier 3
O. W. Elder Portland Dec. 9. 11 am Pier 24
Santa Rosa. San Diego Dec. 9, 9 am Pier 11
R. Dollar.. Seattle Dec. 10, 5 pm Pier IS
S. Barbara. Humboldt Dec, 10. 10 am Pier 2
North Fork Humboldt Dec. 10, 9 am Pier 2
Rival Willapa Har.. Dec. 10. 5 pm Pier 3
Alliance ... Portl'd&C.B. Dec. 11, 10 am Pier 20
Bonlta Newport Dec. 11, 9 am Pier 11
Samoa Humboldt Dec. 11, 10 am Pier 2
Queen San Diego.... Dec 12. 9 am Pier 11
Senator .... Vic & Pgt 3d. Dec. 12. 11 am Pier 9
Sierra ...... Australia..... Dec. 12, 9 pm Pler-7
City R. Jan China* Japan Deo. 14. 1 pm PMS3
Czarina ... Seattle ATac. Dec. 14. C pm Pier 8
Columbia .. Portland Dec. 14. 11am Pier 24
a Time Time Time Tlmel
» Ft. Ft. Ft. 1 Ft.
S (H W L ' W H W 1* W
T .. 0:4S 4.7 1:04 8.1 11:11 6.4 6:20—1.1
t ... 1:SO 4.9 5:66 S.8 11:6» 6.0 7:05 — O.»
» ... J:l« 5.0 6:51 3.2 12:48 .6.8 7:49 —0.4
10 . 3:04 4.9 7:54 3.2 1:42 5.0 8:30 0.1
11 3:50 E.O >:06 3.1 1:40 4.6 9:10 0.7
12*" 4:33 5.0 10:26 3.0 8:46 4.0 »:51 1.1
IS '" 6:14 5.1| 11:45 1.6 6:01 3.B 10:87 1.7
i ¦ i r
,' SPECIAL SALE OF i
FURS. |
Our large stock of Fur Novel- I
tics must be reduced within the |
next 20 days.
Sealskin Jackets, ?125 and nrx '
i Persian Lamb Jackets. 91<X> I
i and up. i
i Astrachan Jackets, and npc (
1 , Mink Capes, $35 and uix i
1 Stone Marten Canes. $80 '
I and up. '
Black Marten Capes. $5O (
and up. (
Silver Fox Neclc Scarfs, $30. i
Fur Capes, 9^ no.
Fur Neckties, $2 nxx. <
AD. KOCOUR, <|
< RELIABLE FURRIER, \
121 POST STREET, (
i CDon't Mistake th« Xa=b**L> <
i Rooms 7 to 11. Open Eventncs. '
AMTJSEMENTS*
A WHOPPING^BIG BILL!
PATBICE AND COMPAJTY,
E.OBERTUS AND WTXFEEDO,
PANTZEB TRIO, MAT DE BOTJBA,
A. M. POWEBS,
jxnurcs p. wiTiixRK. mart xnjyowT
AND CHARLES LOTUIAX. lIALLOKT
BROTHERS! AND BROOKS.
THE GBEAT WALDO3T.
Heserved feats, :5c: Balcony, tfloj Opsvm
Chairs and Box Seats, EOo.
Matinees Wednesday. Saturday and 8u:niay.
ALL. OOOX> THLVG3 M.UST ENE».
HAVERLY'S
MASTODON MINSTRELS
MATDTED TO-MORROW AT 1:15 P. IL
Cotnro«ncliur STT2TDAT AJTERX0p?£,
"JXJ8T FOR FUN." JOHN U. "WTCIX^,
Lor. Harvey. Besaie Marlowe and a 8cor« oC
Fun-makers la the Jl&slto« JoUlficatloa.
"A BELLBOY;"
SONGS, DAMCE3, BPDCTAX.TI VZi. T3TF3BXU
| ALL SEV7I
AH This Vwkr- JIatlae* Sat.
ALICE NIELSEN
And the ALICE NIELSEN OPERA CO.
Direction of FRANK X* PERUTT.
In Herbert and Emltti's Buoceaa, TbS)
FORTUNE TELLER.
Next Week— Last Nights ALICE
NIELSEN.
Mon.. Tuea.. 'Wed.. "Tha Fprttta* Teller."
Remainder of week. 'The Singing Girt"
QRAND OPERA. HOUSE
MATINEES TO-MORROW and Sunday
BRILLIANT SUCCE3S OF THE—
OLIVER LESLIE CO.
LAST THRE3 NIGHTS OP
THE PRISONER of ZENDA
MONDAY. "MAN'S ENEMT."
Reappearance of WILLIAM BEACH.
PRICES. lOe. 16c. 23e and SOS.
A few front rowi In orchestra. T&a.
MATIKEE>— 10c, 13c, 23c Wo— no higHtx.
Branch ticket offlce— Emportam. -.! :¦:¦ ¦ »
*TIYOL1*
A Megaphone is a Loud Talkarl
THIS IS THE- THIRD WEES OF
THE JOLLY
MUSKETEER!
WHICH IS PROOF ENOUGH OJ ITS
MERIT.
ffvenlno at S. Matinee Saturday at a,
Telephone Bnsa 9.
POPULAR PRICES .....So aad 8to
SPECIAL! BPECIALt
"CryPERELLA" WILX. BE WITH X78 BOON.
ALF EXXJN'GHOtTSE Prep, anil Maaacs*
Pbone South 770.
TRUTH IS MIOHTT AND MUST PRETAXU
The Funniest of All Farce Cctnedlag.
Our Regulation Capacity Nightly.
THE RAYS' Howling Success,
A HOT OLD TIME I
JOHX W. JESS as LARRT MOONET.
FTJNNIKR THAN BTVER.
Brought Up to Date. With New Specialties
That Will Make Too Laugh.
MATINEE SATURDAY.
Evening— 15c. 25c, Sic. 50c and 75c. Matlne*—
15c. 23c. 35c rnd Mo. Entering on tt» seooad
week next Sunday Matinee and Night.
DON'T MISS SEEING THI3 SHOW.
THIS FRIDAY BVKXlNCk
MATTKEE3 TO-MORROW AKT> ffDJCDAT.
David Belaact/s r+iaTninf Japanese Ototy,
MADAME BDTTERFLY
Preceded by th* RoirUnc Fasosj.
"WHBRB IS TOMPKINS?^
JTEXT WT5B3C —
"PTGltALIOX AND OAXaAXSU^-
And
TIADAME BUTTEKFLTr
THE OAKLAND SHOW,
EXPOSITION BUILDING.
OAKLAND. CAL.
December 5 to 8.
OPEN WEDNESDAY, II A. ft,
CLOSESATDRDAY.il P.M.
DOGS. POULTRT. CAT8. PIOEONS. HABSsV
INCUBATORS HATCHINO DAILY. ;
Op«n from 10 a. m. to 13 p. m,
I ADMISSION TO ALT.. — 26 CXNT3
I CHILDKiiN I, n i ...I ¦ !- — i n i 1 * CK2fXa
Beautiful assortment of ladles' gold watches.
Very 1<> W prices. Rudolph Barth, 141 Post st. •
STATEMENT
OF THE
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
OP THE
New Amsterdam Casualty
COMPANY
OF NEW YORK. IIS THE FT ATE OF NETW
Tork. on the 31et day of r*-cember, A. D.
W.-'i. and for the year ending on that day, at
made to the Insurance Commis»ioner of the
State of California, putvu&nt to the provisions
of Section* Clfc and «11 of the Political Code.
condensed ae per blank furnished by tbe Com-
missioner.
CAPITAL.
Arr.nunt of Capital Btcck. paid en In
Cash tJOO.OOO 00
ASSETS.
Cash Market Value of all Stocks and
Bonds owned by Company JJTS.MO 00
CV*fc in Company's Offlce 1.S47 24
Ca«h :n Hank? 1LSS3 3C
- :•••'-• *.•¦:- and accrued on all Rtocka
a:,u ' r :.r.> 1,458 23
Pr^rr.lurr-s In due Course of Collection. !4.76« 02
f Total Assets .Si^TH
\ • —
LIABII^TTIEa?.
Looses In rrocess of Adjustment or la
eusjrfnse ~ «,68J 15
Loss'* resisted, fnclullng expenses... 2.375 00
3ro*>s premiums on RIskK running- one
year or lees. (....; reinsurance 50
l»er cnt 00.270 82
Crr-»>» premium* on Risks running
more than ose year, f ; relnsur-
an^f pro rata M9 25
Due and accrued for Faiariea. rent.
«-tc 145 67
Due for reinsurance 8.507 SO
Total Liabilities I72,€J1 7J
INCOME. ~
Net cash actually received for prem-
iums *111.J78 7s
Beceiv«rd for interest and dividends on
Bonds. Stocks, Loans, and from all
ctfcer sources ",C9 2S
Total Income $118.83 17
EXPEXDITCnES.
N>t amount paid for Losses $30,76110
Paid or allowed for Cumznl&slon or
Brokerage »,C91 44
X'ald tor Salaries. Fees and other
charges for ofScerr. clerks, etc 21.740 6(
Ta'.d for State. National and Local
taxe* S.CS7 73
A.:i other pa5"rnfnts and expenditures.. 44.31 S5
Total Expenditures tVS.Sli 78
FmVTAIin V. LOETW. President.
CHARLES T. HOPPER. Secretary,
fiutweribed anil sworn to before me this 27th
Cay or January. tSOO.
CHARLES EDGAR MILLS.
ComrclFeioner for California.
E. F=^. GREENE,
OEfEiUIi AGENT.
"4 405 Montgomery St.,
i J FAN FRANCISCO, CAL.
pho.nl: tn.f\irs soia.
MISCELLANEOUS.
THIS NEW STYLE SMOKELESS
jl OIL HEATER
-J^^>^ mil keep youp!
<£ES=2^*E?> COLD ROOM oom- •
£ ; -'''i' ;: Sf3rlM fortably warm for
I" !l;i : 'B8Swst!i Be a day — the price
; of a clear. It will
J W?i$SSj!" bf delivered frfe to j
tjJfeggfegil tny address in dty •
<Sfi |! reSS'a cr county In Callfor-
¦Pr t i i i I ?ia»Sg*rr> nla on receipt of SS.M I
on cpproval. to bo
•^jPjijljWBW'- returned at our ex-
.«&Jf**iJj3' p*r.se If not entirely
»\ y?J>3k '• Batlsfactory-
Cannot Smoke.
]|^i||ij It Is Absolutely
cdorless<
VVe havo other
*5-00. "li?""" 0 """!
PATTOSIEN'S !
FrRXITX"RE EXPOSITIOX BUILDIKO. j
SIXTEENTH *ND MISSION STREETS.
There are many good reasons
why you should use
WHITE COTTOLEXE
in your cooking.
There are none why you j
should use hog fat.
There is no hog fat in COT-
TOLEXE. nothing but pure ,
vegetable oil and choice beef;
suet. Try the new
WHITE COTTOLEXE.
In j
aV i^A The N.K.Falrbank Company,
I A^avHj&fif! msiled free to acy address. For
I -'Jt'5 %V<^* * -" 1 "'"¦ -'" "»inv«»»l!l ftend free our
ii -*»^.-\ji"A^ •** I 13 ?'* '¦ertoe b«i.k. "Home
¦Vhen Prr»f. Mucyoa say« hla K1DITET CT7RB
le & fj>ecifi= f^r nearly every form or Ki<in«.-jr
tfieeaee he <lDes not overstate the caj>e m the
f !ea*t. It has »oa for Itself a plaoe among the
«i:r-*T infallible remedies. It wi:i not cur«
'Jright'* Disease !n the advanced rtsgres. I*
»¦¦.'.: not do th« lmp-5«»ib!e. but It will cure every
phr.se cf KMney compltlnt. «v« tl»« Incident
ti*Ff& .^f Prlcht'e rv.sease.
V". fly -six ether curee. All irupglsts, 26c. vial
Guile <o Health Is fr*e. Medical advice free—
write u> Dros<!w*T and Mth St.. Xsw Tark.
§>1M, MGOR, VITALITY for ME)
MORMON BISHOP'S PILLS
fcsve been In use over fifty
jean by the leaders of th»
Mcrnion Church and their fol-
lowers. Positively cures the
•wem cases tn eld and young
srisinE iron effects of self-
abu*e. dlfslrat'.cn. excesses or
t ;rsrett»-sinolt'.rc. Cures Ix;mt
Manhood. Irrp' t»r.<-y. Lost
Power. Xipfct LiOssea. Intom-
r.;a. I'alr.s In Back. Evil Desire*. Laae Back,
lability. Hpadarhe, Ur.fltness to Mar-
ty, Lot» ot Sfsafn. j^ Vkricocele cr Ccn-
st'jwt'on. Step* Ne *^% \J r^ ou * T witching
of Eyelid*. ESr<x-ts y^.^JZt*. AT * immediate.
Irrpart vliror mr.i t -~ £ " * =* fvjjency to evcry
fiir.ctsca. Don't prt derpocdent: a cure Is at
fc*r<J. Restores rmall. tir.d«>\-eloj>ed orj-aas.
ft'.rculates the brain end nerve centers; 50c a
Kkx: C Jor J! M by mill. A written guarantee t«
<ure cr men^y t^'unded • boxes. Circulars
lr** Xdirw r.IKHOP REMEDY CO.. 40 Ellis
#1 6an Franrlsco. Cai.. GRANT DF.CO CO.,
t s: c 40 Third St.
eONE PIIDCC
BOTTLE UUnto
MCBURNEY'3
K"irfn*»v« ndBI * d<Str
ivmney^cuRB
A thorough cure for
p&ins in the back,
CPI&HTS DISEASE,
female troubles, incon-
: i ucr.ee of t^In^. Lr'.ck «in«t dei>oslts, bed-
• wntrnj? of children, cravel, pall eto&os,
dropsy. di»l«tf-s and rhcutnatiiix
FOR SALE AT
I'/HLBEXDEh WIL'G CO.. Z14 Kearnr st..
AND AT
THK O^VL HKVO CO.. 112« Market ft
ff-nd ZSe la tc stan-.ps to W. F. McBumey.
41S S. BcrlBS Ft.. \s+ Ar.cel^s. Cal.. for £
i!jvi' tr«^rtrw>nt. Pr»p«li1 *1 M. DruetrlFtii.
ADVERTISEMENTS. !
- 1
Heavy Willow Rocker,
¦ An excellent, comfortable rocker—
we're selling them for
$3.75.
Estimates on complete hotu* fur-
nishing cheerfully clven.
SPECIAL REDUCTIONS
In FURNITURE AND CARPETS
Till Christmas.
CASH OR CREDIT.
Free delivery on $25 worth and
, over.
BR I LLIANT'S
338-340-342 POST ST.
Near Powell. Open Evenings,
' j 9
J^F\fj^^±- * ¦"¦ * ' ¦ *¦" f"** *~^ «*M-^
-^^^*S*^S^^^ EXTRACTION
815H GEART STREET
Between Hyde and Larkin.
Telephone Polk l^S.
Pa 1 q na The9e hot€l3 °° 9 "
f ttlduC sess the attributes
j that tourists and
SI Tirl travelers appreciate
--central location.
P T»Q n i\ liberal manaee-
\J1 dllU ment. modern ap-
__ - pointments and
HOlfilS perfect cuisine.
nuicia Amcrican and Eu .
San Francisc • ropean plans.
BR.MEYERS&CO.
Specialists. Disease zjf&f '
and weakness of <B&$kir
men. Established [5$k 1
IS81. Consultation WSk J@9^K/"
and private book \Tfc* I /-A.
free, at offlce or by t*l!i4 4tQBj
ma.ll. Cures gtur- \»SlkVfc3*K *
anteed. 731 Mar- fcMjjS^aT
tet street (elevator i^H^Whl
entrance), San _A^_ *^p&*\
Francisco. -s«is»2«'ir53i«Ss*
D"DTTCJ1J17G FOR BARBER3. BAK-
DXiUOnlwO ers. bootblacks. baU-
houses, billiard tables.
brewers, bookbinders, candy-makers, cannera.
dyers, flourmllls. foundries, laundries, paper-
hangers, printers, painters, shoe f&ctorlea. sta-
blemen, tar-roofers, tanners, tailors, etc.
BUCrtA>AN BROS..
Brush Manufacturers. 609 Sacramento St
DR. GROSSMAN'S SPECIFIC MIXTURE
For tbe cure ot GONORRHOEA, GLEETS,
STRICTURES and analogous complaints ot tb«
Organs of Generation.
Price *1 a bottle. F"or aale by drursrlstm.
?KTJSEMENT&
RACING I RACING ! RACING !
1900— WINTEK MEETINGt-1901.
CALIFORNIA JOCKEY CLUB.
DEC. Sd to DEC. 15th. IN'CLUSIVEJ.
OAKLAND RACETRACK.
Racing Monday, Tuesday. Wednesday. Thurs-
day, Friday and Saturday. Rain or »hln«.
live or more races each day.
Races btart at 2:15 p. m. sharp.
Ferry-boats leave San Francisco at 13 ra. and
13:30. 1. 1:30, 2. 2:30 and S p. m., connecting
with trains stopping- at the entrance to the
track." Last two cars on train reserved -for
ladles and their escorts; no smoking. Buy your
ferry tickets to Shell Mound. All trains ria
Oakland mole connect with Ban Pablo avenua
electric ears at Seventh and Broadway. Oak-
land. Also all trains via, Alameda mol« con-
nect with San Pablo avenue cars at Fourteenth
and Broadway, Oakland. These electric ears
so direct to the track in fifteen mlsutes.
Returning— Train* leave the track at 4:15 and
4:45 p. ' m. and Immediately after the last rao*.
¦ THOMAS H. WILLIAMS JR.. President.
R. B. MILROT. ' Secretary.
CHUTES ANDZOO.^y^Sr*
BIG VAUDEVILLE SHOW!
Including
SAMSONE ANT> DELJLA. the World's Great-
est Eaulllbrlnts.
'TO-MORROW NIOHT— BIO CAKE WALK.
Telephone for seats. Park 21
PT^rHPR'^ CONCERT HOUbc.
COGILL AND COOPER' 8 COMEDIANS IN
"THE GREEN-EYED MONSTER."
A HOST OF SPECIALTIES AND MUSICAL
ACTS!
It»aerred seats 2ac - . Matinees fo-.ivUj-.
'1 If you are one of those individuals who likes to al- m
'' % ways wear a new hat we would suggest that ours for 90c h
I is a good proposition for you. You could afford a hat B
I often and yet have it always in the latest style, for these ||
i hats are made in the same blocks as the higher priced hats. ||
I Fedoras, Graecos and Violets in all the popular ra
H colors; Derbys in black; all are . M
3 Out-of-town orders filled— write us. m
|i 718 Market Street. Elute In the society, and he controlled its
members with an iron hand. When war
was about to be waged against a rival
tong Lem Yuk Lip issued his orders
and disappeared, and the killings contin
ued until he returned. He became noto
rious for his hateful and revengeful
spirit. ' and at all times prices ranglntr
from $3000 to $15,000 were offered for his
head. It is said he has ordered the tak
ing of more lives than any other leader
in the Chinese quarter. Considering the
danger which surrounded him it Is a re
markable fact that he lived until old age
caused his death. He was 67 years of
age, -and leaves a wife and three chil
dren in China.
Forfeited Its Franchise.
Supervisor Braunhart believes that
the * People's Mutual Telephone Com
pany has forfeited its franchise, ac
cording .to the express terms of the
whose duties commenced at the grave,
and the members of the Suey Sing, who
were all clad in blue. Then followed
carriages containing Chinese musicians,
the tones of whose Instruments mingling
with the notes of the brass band fur
nished by the society made the funeral
march played by the latter sound like
the latest selection In rag time. Hun
dreds of Chinese in carriages brought up
the rear of the society.
From each carriage slips of punctured
paper were scattered to prevent the devil
reaching the corpse/ In order to do so
he must crawl through every hole in
each slip, hence the profusion. The re
mains were interred in the Six Compa
nies' burial ground, near Colma.
• The deceased Chinaman had been a
resident of San Francisco for thirty years
and a member of the Suey Sing Tong since
its organization. His power was abso-
Come Along.
To-morrow, at the opening of the bank
rupt shoe sale, 1506 Market street, $3.E0
ladies' dress , shoes, up-to-date ' styles, for
$1.65 a pair at the bankrupt : shoe sale of
the California ' Shoe Company, 1508 Mar
ket streak a««f Ci^ liaji av«nur» *
Cass Post Has New Officers.
Colonel Cass Post, G. A. R., has elected
the following officers: Commander, George
W. Arbuckle; senior vice-commander,
John O'Nell;. Junior vice-commander,
James Butler; surgeon, Edward Kelly;
chaplain, John Massey; quartermaster, R.
E. Dowdall; adjutant, Harvey J. Brown;
officer of the day, James H. Rlley; officer
of the guard, Edward Johnson; delegates
to department encampment. Thomas
Roach; alternate delegate, Thomas Barry.
Free Day at Art Gallery.
i To-day is free day at the Mark Hopkins
Institute of Art. From 9 a. m. to 5 p. m.
and from 7:30 to 10 p. m. the doors of
the institute will be open and all who wish
to see the art treasures stored In the
great institute may do- so. -during ¦ the
hours named, free of charge.
A Chance of a Lifetime.
To-morrow at 9 a. m. the great bank
rupt shoe sale will commence. Be sure
and attend. For the opening sale ladies'
shoes that are retailed in | this city for
$4.00 will be sold for only $1.G5 a pair.
These shoes are hand turned, up-to-date,
in all sizes and .widths, from A to EE—
a shoe fit for a Queen; To-morrow, | for
$1.65 a pair, at the bankrupt shoe sale of
the California Shoe Company, 150G Mar
ket street, near' City Hall avenue. •
GOOD TIME IN PROSPECT
FOB THE SICK SOLDIERS
Christmas Will Be Celebrated at O«n
eral Hospital and Each Patient
Will Receive a Present.
A Jolly time is in store for the soldiers
in the general hospital at the Presidio on
Christmas day. Colonel Glrard. with the
assistance of the Red Cross Society and
the ladies of the post, has about com
pleted arrangements for a mammoth
Christmas tree, bearing some little token
for each of tho COO soldiers in the'hos
pital. In addition to the distribution of
presents ice cream and rakes will be given
the men. The troopers will also partake
of a big dinner.
Flfty-slx convalescents were paid oft.
yesterday by Major Kelleher. Thjs Is
about half the number of soldiers at the
Presidio ready for discharge.
Three soldiers died at the hospital yes
terday. They were John F. RIeman, Com
pany B. Thirty-ninth Infantry;. Corporal
Harry Terry. Company B, Thirty-ninth
Infantry', and Sergeant Alvin Barton,
Company D, Twenty-first Infantry. Ser
geant Barton was formerly a second lieu
tenant in the Tennesse regiment which
quartered here during the war.
Elmlra the same time I left Suisun— 7:25
a. m." <
J. A. Tracey, engineer of the work
train; D. E. Lilly, the brakeman; A.
Waters, the fireman; J. P. Plane, con
ductor of the freight train; E. H. Buzzo.
engineer, and G. "W. Cunard, fireman,
were the remaining witnesses. The work
train crew gave the principal testimony
upon the incidents leading up to the
wrecking, corroborating Conductor Steele
on the principal points of his evidence.
The men of the freight train could
throw little light on the case.
OAKLAND, Dec. 6.— After listening to
the testimony to-night of the crews of
the Southern Pacific trains that were in
collision near Suisun on Tuesday, the
Coroner's Jury impaneled in the case of
B. Mahoney, one of the victims of the ac
cident, returned a verdict that was with
out censure for either railroad or train
men.
The verdict simply recited that Ma
honey's death was due to shock caused
by injuries received in the collision. The
Jurors were Morton Humphrey (foreman),
VV. A. Rouse, Frank Graft, Fred Kahn,
A. H. Schlueter, A. E. Horton. A. . J.
Jonas, J. A. Thomas and W. T. GIbbs.
A. A. Moore, the Southern Pacific attor
ney, appeared injt>ehalf of the railroad,
and suggested-questions to Coroner Mehr
man bearlne upon the rules of the com
pany touching train operations.
| Mahoney died on a relief train, and his
body was taken to the Oakland Morgue.
C. "VV. Steele, conductor of the. work
train which ran Into the freight, was the
principal witness. He told of the pre
cautions he had taken when he left Sui
sun station to guard against a collision.
He had posted Brakeman Lilly on the end
of the train of five cars- which were being
pushed by the engine, with Instructions to
signal a stop if he saw a train approach-
Ing. A little way out from the starting
point they ran Into a fog bank. -The sig
nal was given to slow down, the intention
being to flag ahead of the train. As the
curve near Cannon was reached th.j
freight -was observed, and in a moment
there was a crash. ¦ -
"I -believe that if I had had the correct
Information as to the location * of th.j
freight train the accident would not have
happened," said Steele. 'The operator at
Suisun told me that It waa 'way late.' In
stead of being 1 'way late,' th© frej^bt left
JURY CAN FIND NO CAUSE FOR
BLAME IN SUISUN TRAIN WRECK
Inquest Into the Killing of Mahoney Develops
Only the Meager Verdict That
He Is Dead.
"Free Friday" at Hopkins Institute.
To-day, being the first Friday of the
month, the exhibition of paintings at the
Mark Hopkins Institute of Art will be
open to the general public. "Free Fri
days" at the Institute always attract a
large crowd, and the present exhibition
being of special interest it is expected a
larger number of people than usual will
be in attendance.
Professor William W. Campbell has
be'in decided upon as the successor of
the late Professor James, K. Keeler as
cUrr-ctor of Lick Observatory. The choice
was made in a committee meeting
Wednesday, and the formal election of
Professor Campbell to the position ¦will
be made at the next regular meeting of
the board of regents of the University of
California.
The selection will give general satis
faction, as Professor Campbell's em
inence as an astronomer is unquestioned
and his executive ability is of a high or
der. He has been conducting special in
vestigations at Lick Observatory for nine
years past, and his discoveries have
helped to give the observatory its fame
and have made him known the world over
as a brilliant astronomer.
Professor Campbell is a native of Ohio,
aged 39 years. He was graduated from
tue. University of Michigan in 1885. and
was at once appointed professor of math
ematics in the Cniverslty of Colorado. In
1SSS he succeeded Professor Schaeberle as
director of the observatory of the Uni
versity of Michigan, upon Professor
Schaeberle'B being called to I,iek Observ
atory.
At Ann Arbor Professor Campbell be
came distinguished for his remarkable ob
servations of comets and computations
of comet orbltp. He wrote a book on
"Practical Astronomy." In ISM he be
came engaged In spectroscopic work at
Mount Hamilton, and in June of the fol
lowing year he was appointed astrono
mer and given charge of the spectroscopic
work.
Professor Campbell had entlr.e charge
of the Crocker eclipse expeditions. He
holds the title of doctor of science from
the University of Pennsylvania. In ad
dition to his work as an Investigator ho
has been a large contributor to the
Popular Science Monthly and the Astro
physical Journal.
Since the death of Professor Keeler Dr.
Campbell has been acting director of the
observatory, and he has been urged for
the appointment as director by many of
the most eminent astronomers of the
country. ¦*
REGENTS CHOOSE PROFESSOR
W. W. CAMPBELL FOR DIRECTOR
charter. Braunhart will direct the at
tention of the board at the next meeting
to the fact that the company has not com
menced the exercise of its franchise with
in six. months after the charter took ef
fect, and its bond of $10,000 may be claimed
by the city. Braunhart says the option
cn the company, which Reed is so anxious
the city should buy. is a will o* the wisp,
and the company has nothing to sell. The
order granting the franchise, dated "No
vember 23, 1S96, provided the construction
of its conduits should be commenced with
in six months and $100,000 should be ex
pended In the prosecution of the work.
Three extensions were granted, the last
one expiring in 1S99.
On cross-examination Judge Wallace
said that his testimonv of direct examina
tion was not given with the intention of
conveying the Impression that Melone had
never been of service, to him. "On the
When Wallace had concluded his state
ment regarding Melone's assertion of the
esteem in which he heid the highest trib
unal in the State, Attorney Campbell,
who represents Judge Wallace, said.
"How about Melone's statement that you j
Intended to disinherit your sons; that
they were lazy and indolent and were en
titled to nothing."
"It is without truth," responded Judgo
Wallace. "I never told him I intended to
disinherit any one."
Melone's long and sensational story re
garding the McCauley scandal was next
called to Judge Wallace's attention and
he told the story.
"The circumstances of the McCauley
case have all been widely distorted," said
Judge Wallace. "McCauley made some
malicious statements about me. but when
I forced the issue he denied them in toto
as will be shown by a letter now In
court." Judge Wallace was handed the
letter In question and read it to the jury.
In the latter McCauley said: "In moments
of anger I have spoken of you in the modt
unfriendly terms, bul I know nothing
whatever to your prejudice as a Judicial
officer, and I distinctly deny the rumor
that I ever paid or attempted to pay you
any money to influence your decision ufl
a Judge." This letter was written in this
city. June 22. 1SS2. and its admission :n
evidence largely set at rest the story of
bribery recited by Meione when he was
on the stand.
Attorney Campbell questioned Judge
Wallace as to Melone's assertion that the
expenses of the pilgrimage to Sacra
mento to secure needed legislation In the
bond case were to be borne by him at
Wallace's request.
"I didn't know there were to be any ex
traordinary expenses In the case." an
swered Judge Wallace. "Melone never
told me he was to be put to any expense,
save the railroad fare and hotel bills. He
did net present the lobbying claims now
under discussion until he filed his bill of
particulars In this action. He did not
present these claims when I asked him for
my share of his profits in the bond deal.
He simply refused to give me my share
without giving any reason."
Judge Wallace also denied Melone's as
sertion that he had negotiated the sale of
the plaintiff's Pacific Bank stock. "S. G.
Murphy, now of the First National Bank,
carried out that transaction," said Judge
Wallace. . . , .
Wallace- was called to the stand at the
opening of the morning session and had
not progressed far when the opportunity
presented Itself for him to correct the Im
pression given by Melone that he had
called down from above a curse upon the
heads of the Justices of the Supreme
Court of California. "I deny that I ever
said the Supreme Court was an infamous
body," said Judge Wallace. "I have too
much regard for the honor and integrity
of that tribunal to greet It with the con
temptuous words attributed to me by my
opponent, Melone."
Ex-Judge William T. •Wallace was given
an opportunity yesterday In his action
against Drury Melone to dissipate the
mist of suspicion the defendant sought to
draw close around various transactions
In which the aged Jurist had been engaged
In connection with the settlement of the
Placerville* bond cases. In his testimony
Melone at times directly asserted, and
again endeavored to convey the impres
sion by Innuendo, that Wallace owed him
dollars numbering into the thousands
for services rendered in years gone by.
Melone's claims were mixed in character
and Included bills for promoting litiga
tion, for molding the -policy and action of
Legislatures, for negotiating loans, hand
ling deals of unknown character, and
finally as a mediator in matters involving
stories of bribery' and alleged corruption.
contrary," ho said. "Melon© ha* dona
many things for me. He Is a convenient
man — always in motion and ready to do
things that require considerable action.
It was often pleasant to see him enter into
the spirit of a deal. He seemed- to enjoy
the run about, but as to these things
which he has said he did for me on prom
ise of remuneration, he did not do them.
The deposition of Henry Miller, the
wealthy cattleman, was next Introduced
to show that Wallace sold his Gilroy prop
erty without the» assistance of. Melcne. In
his deposition Miller testified that Frank
McCoppfn was Wallace's agent in that
transaction.
"McCoppin's servlcea were so satisfac
tory to both cf us." the witness stated in
his deposition, "that I gave him a prize
stallion worth $500 and a prize bull worth
JoOO."
"And." added Judge Wallace, "his serv
ices were so satisfactory to me that 1
wished to reward him. I did not wish to
give him money, but after a consultation
with friends I decided to give him a bar
rel of whisky— and It was good stuff.
too."
S. G. Murphy, the banker, was called to
the stand to corroborate Judge Wallace's
testimony that it was he who negotiated
the sale of the Pacific Bank stock for ,
Judge Wallace. Murphy testified that ha I
carried out the transaction unassisted by ]
Melone, and the first he knew that Melona
had taken credit for consummating th©
deal was when ne was so informed after
the case at bar had been Instituted..
At the opening of the afternoon session
Judge Wallace was again called to the
stand. He continued his denial of the al
legations made by Melone. Judge Wal
lace gave way to Senator Porter Ashe,
who was called In rebutlal on behalf of
Judgre Wallace.
"I know all of the parties interested In
this cate." said Senator Ashe. in response
to tho questions cf counsel. "Melone came
to my desk In the Senate in February.
1S99. and said "ne -was endeavoring to se
cure the passage of legislation to facilitate
the collection of the Placerville bonds. He
askoil me if I would introduce a bill. Ha
said that he had me.de arrangements with
either Dibble or Johr.s-on to Introduce a
similar bill In* the Assembly. I told him
that it would be a great pleasure to m» to
be of service 10 him, as I was aware of
Judge Wallace's connection with the case.
I had been In Judge Wallace's offlcs
studying law and knew something of the
history of the case, and furthermore my
friendship for Judge Wallace and his son
made me wish to be of service In the mat
ter. I gave Melone no other reason for
my friendship to the measure which he
wished introduced. Downey Harvey's
, name did not come up in the matter until
, three weeks later. Hawley's name was
mentioned to me, and as he was a per
sonal friend It increased my Interest in
the bond case,, but did not increase my
activity. I was doing all I could on ac
count of my friendship for the Wallaces. \
The only connection Judge Williams had }
with the case was •when he called at the
committee headquarters, where the bill
had been sent, and we haU a tiff- When
we left the room I stated that I had had
sufficient fun with Judge Williams to re
pay me for my trouble in connection with
the case. On cross-examination Judge
Magulre on behalf of the defendant en
deavored to wrest from Ashe a statement
to the effect that "his fun with Judge
Williams" was in an effort to even an old
score. Ashe Insisted that it wasn't, but
cn being pressed stated that if it pleased
counsel he could put it that way if he de
sired.
Ex-Judge C. W. Cross -was called to the
stand to prove that out of something over
113,000 his client. Mrs. Cutter, only re
ceived $10,203 70, Melone retaining the rest
for expenses. Cross admitted that such
was the fact, and then counsel for Judge
Wallace pointed to the fact that although
Melone had collected $5000 on account ol
expenses he was still searching for some
one who would pay them again. "And."
said Campbell, "he has centered on Jud^ra
Wallace as a. fitting person to pay them,
because Judge Wallace has sued him for a
Just debt."
Cross left the stand and an adjournment
until Monday was ordered.
Witnesses Called and Swear Defendant Did Not
Perform Services Charged For.
WALLACE DISSIPATES
MIST OF SUSPICION
Produces a Letter to Disprove One
of Melone's Many Sensations.
A BRASS BAND, at the head of
which marched a wicked looking
highbinder, was the forerunner
of a curious spectacle In China
town and on Market street yes
terday morning. It was a Chinese
funeral, and the remains being taken to
their resting-place were those of Lem
Yuk Lip, the leader of the notorious
Suey Sing Tong, the most famous and
wicked of Chinese" societies in this city.
For two hours the corner of 'Dupcrit
and Jackson streets was crowded with
people, who stood and listened to the
clashing of cymbals, the discordant noise
made by the beating of tomtoms and the
shrill notes of a Chinese bugle, vasfed
by the occasional sounds of a Chinese
dirge, chanted by a Mongolian clad in
garments of blue of the liveliest shade
The casket containing the remains of
the. highbinder chief stood at the en.l
of a raised platform, on which rested all
the delicacies so dear to Chinese palates.
A roasted pig, arranged in life-like man
ner, occupied the center of the platform,
flanked on either side by a porker of
large dimensions, but not cooked, and to
one side on a huge platter reposed the
uncooked remains of a goat, which when
first placed had a most dignified appear
ance, but. owing to the giving way of
one of the props, later- on attained a
truly mournful aspect.
Surrounding this array of meats were
dishes of all sorts of edibles, with the
chopsticks placed reauy for the use of the
deceased on his voyage to Join Confu
cius. •
Burning punks and candles added to the
festal appearance of the entire affair.
The only evidence of mourning shown
was In the figure of the son of the de
ceased, bowed to the ground with his
face resting in his hands, his body mov
ing in time with the monotonous chant
of the priest.
Tho cervices on the street closed at 12
o'clock, and the body was placed In the
hearse, which was drawn by eight black
horses, the most imposing sight In the
entire cortege.
Following the hearse camo the cryers,
LemYuk Lip, a Notoriovisj4igKbir\der GKief, Is Started
0r\ Vpvjage to doirv Gorvfucius. i
SUEY SING TONG LEADER
BURIED WITH HIGH HONORS
The inquest !n the cases of the victims
of the gla6s works tragedy was completed
at rcor. yesterday. After being out half
an hour the Jury brought in a verdict ex
culpating both the glass works emplojes
and the police from blame. The jury's
finding was as follows:
That the said Dante Monaco, age
16 years, nativity Nevada, occupa
tion 6choolboy, residence 3O1 Dolores
street, in the city and county of San
Francisco, came to his death at the
City and County Hospital in said
city end county, on the 30th day of
Uoveciber, 1900, through fracture of
the skull, caused by the breaking of
tlie ventilator of the roof over the
furnace house of the San Francisco
and Pacific Glass Works, corner of
Fifteenth and Folsom. streets, on No
vember 29; further that he had no
business there and was there against
the orders and temporary resistance
cf the superintendent of the works;
that no one can bs held responsible
for his death other than himself; that
his death -Bras accidental.
The verdict for each of the other seven
teen cases of the inquest was identical
with the one given alxjve. Inquests are to
he held yet on Ellory Orandall, Kben P.
Tice, Cornelius McMahon and Charles H.
Curnrair.gs, whoce bodies were viewed by
£ di*t>rf-nt jury.
Superintendent Davis was recalled at
vestcrday morning's session, and was
L>ked what time he first saw the crowd
cor-grega-ting outside the premises.
"AJxwt 1 o'clock." crac the answer.
"Why did you net s^nd workmen up to
remove th~ boards across the be
tween the new mixir.s-house and the fur
r.arp-hcuw; to jirev;-ni trespassers from
eroding?"
" That would not have kept them off the
furnace-hout-e. r >ot They wore going up
x j\- various other wtys."
"Wli&t time did ycu find thiit tney were
crnlng ovt-r the fence In numbers?"
"About 2:2*3 o'clock."
J. J. Ford, an architect, was called at
the request of Attorney Eisner. He tr-sti
lied to having tried to gain admission to
the glass works premfres. lie had even
Jiskofl the watchman at the Fifteenth and
Harrison streets pate 'f he could not pay
him something for the admission of him
self friends, but the watchman nad
refused.
Before the game began, witness naiii,
cn!y a few were on the roof. About the
t:nK- the game l*-gan men and boys
swarmed on it. Ho saw the accident,
and at that time there were between 15'J
and SCO on the roof.
Brute C. Kious, a business college stu
dent, testified to hiving beun refused ad
mission to the prtmis< ¦*. both by a watch
man, to v.hrm he offered a consideration,
snd by Superintendent Davis.
Ft. C. Brown, a clerk, was refused ad
mission by Watchman Cord?n.
Hichsrd Locke, a teamster, who was
working with the pang grading- the road
around the glag.« works, testified to hear
ing Superintendent Davis order trespassers
away, i.v.d. say thru he was eoing for an
officer to put them all oft.
Edward Darling, a boy «-mployed at the
old glass works on Seventh street, told of
going Jnto the promises with a crowd in
fpite of tb<* attempts of the watchman to
k<fp them out. He climbed up on the
roof about ten minutes before the accident.
Shortly before the roof gave way boys
i. "or.g the ventilator were jumping up and
' down and cheering the game on the foot
ball field. He fell through when the roof
caved in.
"How did you <scape?"
"I do not know. All I know is that I
found mypeif lying on the floor and I
-grabbed my hat and ran away."
"Were you warned at any time of the
dancer?"
"No. I had no right there "
"Who tcid you to come here as a wit
ner-F?"
"Mr. Davis, the superintendent."
Charles Campbell, foreman of the blow-
Coroner's Jury Finds No Respon
sibility for Glass Works Tragedy.
NEITHER POLICE NOR
EMPLOYES TO BLAME
Its Verdict Declares That the Victims Had No
Business on the Premises.
Policeman J. O. Sullivan, who was on
duty -at a gate at Fifteenth and Folsom
streets, said that no one had come to him
for aid at the glass works.
Dr. T. B. W. Leland. autopsy surgeon,
was the last witness. He 6ave testimony
as to the cause of death In each case.
Lieutenant M. O. Anderson, who was in
charge at the football game, said that
forty men were on duty inside the
grounds, at the expense of the football
management. Eight mounted men and
several policemen, two at each gate, were
on duty on the outside. He had received
no request from the glass works people
until Officer Shore came to him. At that
time Acting Sergeant Riehl had said he
would go after some of his men to take
care of that crowd.
The officer told of going to find his ser
geant after Selling's appeal to him. The
accident occurred before the police had an
opportunity to do anything.
Policeman Rlehl testified to -meeting Of
ficer Shore in his search for orders just
before the accident.
"Some small boys whom I drove away
from looking through a cra**k of the fence
of the football fleld had said to each other
that they could get Into* the 'glass works
for 10 cents."
"Why did you ask sucn a question?"
"Not until about five minutes before the
accident." the witness replied. "Mr. Sell
ing came the-n and askeJJ me to help drive
the crowd away. I asked hiai, 'Is it not a
fact that you have been charging admis
sion?' He denied it indignantly."
"Yes: It Is," was the reply.
Policeman Charles M. Shore, a mounted
patrolman, was on duty In the vicinity of
the football prounds. At one time he saw
a crowd going into the glass works prem
ises through the Harrison-street gate.
"Did any one come to you to keep the
crowd out?" was asked.
Policeman William D. White, on duty
at the Seventeenth-street station, said
that no telephone message was received
by him from the glai*s works.
"Is the telephone service pretty bad?"
was asked of him.
Sergeant Perrjn. who was In charge at
the Seventeenth-street station, said he re
ceived no message. He raid the telephone
service wes very bad. The only message
he received was one asking for police and
ambulances after the accident.
"What did they say to him?"
"They told him to Vluck his freight. 1
He would stop the boys, but when the
blpger fellows told him to get out of the
way he would let them go up the ladder.''
Officer William Callinan. who was on
duty at the Central police station, testi
fied to having- .received a telephone mes
sage from the plass works about 2 o'clock
and again shortly before the accident. In
each case he connected the applicant with
the Seventeenth-street station.
"A crowd of tough fellows came along
and made the man get out of the wav and
l«*t them up."
"Did others go up at the pame place?"
Percy E Fuller, p.n attorney, said he
was unable to ret Into the football
grounds, not having got a ticket in ad
vance. Ho went with the crowd Into the
Klas-F works' premises without seeing any
watchmen warning people away or at
tempting to stop them. He went up on
the root, and was sitting on the edge of
the ventilator when it went down, but he
wars able to hold on and so escaped fall
ing-.
Harold Palmer, a 13-year-old boy, with
his left wrist bandaged and his arm in a
ellng, told <if elimb : ng the fence from the
H.-»rr«son-str«.«t side. Several -boys v,-«re
with him. among them Willie Rothenstein,
wh3 v.as killed. A man at the foot of the
lad-ier in the mixing works stopped him
from going up. but he went around and
clambered up at another place. He fell
through, ana thinks that his escape was
due to falling on a pile cf engine rags.
"Did you see" any one pay for admis
sion?" .
"I heard a man ask the man at the foot
of the ladder, who stopped me. how much
it would cost to be allowed to go up. The
man said, 'Two steams,' and the other
gave him 10 cents and went up."
ers in the glass works, testified to seeing
the crowd swarming over the fences soon
after 2 o'clock. He and Mr. Davis started
for the police, but just as they got to the
Fifteenth and Folsom street gate the ven
tilator went down with its crowd of peo
ple.
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, DECEMBER 7, 1900.
CHINESE OF RIVAL. SOCIETIES WITNESS THE FUNERAL, SERVICES
OVER THE REMAINS uF THE. CHIEF OF THE SUEY SING TONG AT
DUPONT AXD JACKSON STREETS.
M
¦?
8
ADVESTISEMENTS.
Peck's Bad Boy come to life -
agttinP No, just grown older -
and funnier than he was fif- '
teen years ago. George W.
Peck will give you an intTO- \
duction to him as he now is in .
next Sunday's Call, and then •
be prepared to laugh, for Mr. "
Peck -will write exclusively for "
The Call a series of papers on -
the world-famous Bad Boy and -
what he is doing 1 now. These "
articles are even funnier than
those of the old original bad ~
boy. Be in the swim and keep -.
your eyes open f on them. -<
- ~4
(m SATISFACTION f|
IJSllM comes only with the
W Improved Welsbach Light Wfi
t#«\jJ with Gas-Saving Regulator \fi^A
[ %'ffMB) f WArw* 1 ' JffjiiVTWtU The genuine comes in the green \^V»P
\f/r^ If********' box vvith the perforated seal and is /^V\l
iFK^" Welsbach Company, i38 eiiis st. |pEft\
1% a" dealers 1028^ Market Street, HlfljJ
Ninety Per Cent of It Really Caused
From Poor "Digestion.
Real organic heart trouble I? Incurable,
but scarcely one case In a hundred is
organic.
The action of the heart and stomach are
both controlled by the same great nerves,
The sympathetic and pneumogastric. and
•Ahon the stomach lails to properly digest
th<? food and St lies in the stomach fer-
menting gapes are formed which distend
the orrcan, causing pressure on the heart
and lungs, causing palpitation. Irregular-
ity and shortness of breath.
The danger from this condition is that
t!io continued disturbance of the heart
f;onrr or Hater may cause real organic
heart trouble, and In fact frequently
does so.
Furthermore, poor digestion makes the
"hicK-d th'.n and watery and deficient in red
corpuscles, and th.e further irritates and
wakens the htart.
The most sensible thing to do for heart
trouble is to insure the digestion and as-
Fimllatlon of the food.
This can be done by the regular use
after meals of some safe, pleasant and
rffoctive digestive preparation, like
Stuart's Dyppepsla Tablets, which may
be found at most drug stores and which
contain the necessary digestive elements
In a pleasant, convenient form.
Thousands of people keep well and vfg-
orous by keeping thoir digestion perfect
by observing the rule of taking one or
two of these tablets after each meal, or at
Ira5t after each hearty meal.
Stuart's Dyspepsia Tablets contain U. S.
P. pepsin, diastase from malt and other
r.atural digestives which act only on the
food, digesting It perfectly and preventing
aridity, gases and many diseased condi-
tions which accompany a weak stomach.
When Stuart's Dyspepsia Tablets are
used you may know you are not taking
Into the system any strong medicine or
powerful drug, but simply the natural dl-
pf«tive elements ¦which every weak stom-
arh Jacks.
So widely known and popular have these
tablets become that they arc now sold in
the United States. Canada and Great
Britain.
ABOUT HEART DISEASE.
Young ladies should set good examples
if they want young men to follow them.
"Watches, Diamonds and Jewelry. Before buy-
Ing call on Rudolph Earth. 141 Post st. - •
SOUPSJ
Li'ij? can be made from ordinary "stock"
Ip? COMPAhTS EXTRACT of Beef
ADVERTISEMENTS.MEMBERS OF THE FACULTY OF THE COLLEGE OF PHYSICIANS
AND SURGEONS PROMINENT IN THE OPPOSITION TO PRESIDENT
ANDERSON'S MANAGEMENT OF THAT INSTITUTION.
The Late Prince von Bismarck.
the germs of a real unity and a common i
nationality. As- In the years preceding ,
our Federal convention, it was the ob
stacles to commerce arising from inter
state tariffs that proved a powerful in
centive to work for an improved constitu
tion, so in Germany, the impediments to
commercial development created in this
age of steam by the multiplicity of tar
iffs and customs regulations brought home
to monarchs as well as patriots the ad
vantage of a more complete unjon. The i
forty states of the confederation com- |
prised an area, about four times the size ;
of New York; some of them were wholly
inside" of others, and the boundaries of all
were so Irregular and Interlaced that com
modities from outside of Germany had to
encounter twelve or fifteen different tar
iffs before they could reach the center
of this group of states. The remedy was
sought In forming a commercial union by
treaties. This commercial union or zoll
verein (customs union) was started In two
groups, with Prussia as the promoter and
nucleus of one and Bavaria of the other.
The two groups were fused into one in
the course of the year 1S33. and Germany
became one for the purposes of commer
cial intercourse. This consummation con
ferred upon 26,000.000 people the benefits
of Internal free trade. The states form
ing the zollverein adopted a uniform tar
iff, abolished all custom-houses except
on the external frontiers of the union and
divided the customs receipts amonc them- |
selves on the basis of population.
Through the facilities offered by this un
ion capital was directed from foreign to
internal trade, and in a few years marked
improvements- were made in all the means
of communication. The increased circu
lation of goods and people which followed
steadily wore away the barriers of sus
picion and prejudice and contributed pow
erfully to the sentiment of union. With
us Internal free trade has cemented the
Union; in Germany It prepared a way
Soon after Its completion the union be
gan to form commercial treaties with for
eign nations, and Germany consequently
began to appear as a unit In the diplo
matic world. Sir John Bowring In a re
port to the English Parliament in 1S40
said: "The zollverein has brought the
sentiment of German nationality out of
the regions of hope and fancy Into those
of iwsitlve and material Interests." It
was 'generally regarded. In Germany as
"the first step toward what Is called the
Germanlzation of the people." • _ -•
The momentous year of revolution— 1S43
—which brought down the political sys
tem of Metternlch with a crash, revealed
at once the strength of the sentiment for
union and Insuperable obstacles to Its at
tainment. In the United States all that
had been necessary was the assent of the
people; In Germany, not only the assent of
the people but the assent of the hered
itary rulers was Indispensable. With us
there had been general agreement as to
the theory of. government: In Germany
believers in the divine right of kings still
held the reins of authority. More than
one of these princes could echo the decla
ration of the King of Prussia to the first
united Prussian Parliament :> "No power
on earth shall ever succeed In persuading
me to exchange the natural relation be
tween king and people for a conventional,
constitutional one, and neither now nor
ever will I permit a written sheet, like a
second Providence, to thrust Itself In be
tween our God In heaven and this land to
displace the old sacred fealty." In addi
tion to this conflict between the rights of
kings and the rights of the people there
was the antagonism between Prussia and
Austria. Both could not be paramount In
a united Germany, and neither would
yield peaceably to the other. That Aus
tria was only partly German In popula
tion enhanced the perplexity of the situa
tion for hoth rhe Inclusion and theexclu
slon* of Austria- from a united Germany
seem equally- to violate the principle of
nationality. The party who. to secure the
union of all Germans, would take In Bohe
mia and Hunga*y,wcre known as the "big
Germans." and ;hose whose national feel
' Ing would leave opt the Austrian Germans
In order to avoldincludlng the Slavs ami
Magyars were called the "little Germans."
It was the existence of such antago
nisms of principles and of such conflicting
Interests that drew.forth from Bismarck
his famous .Utterance: . "It Is not by
speeches and majorities that the great
questions of the time will have to be de
cided—that was the- mistake made in 1S43
and 1S49— but by blood and iron."
Our first impulse 'is to regard the suc
cessful solution of the American problems
of 17S7 by discussion and majorities wiTh
complacency, and inspired by. the contrast
with the i experience of .Germany, to mor
allzo on the superior cacpacity of the
Anglo-Saxon for self-government: but so-,
ber Becord thought remlnds.us thaf the
union under which: we . now live was
formed by* blood and Iron, and In much
heavier doses than fell to the lot of Ger
many in 1SS6 and, 1870,
sia. foreseeing the is3ue. made a treatv
with the tax union (Hanover. Oldenburg
and Schaumburgr-Uppej-, which, in any
event, would Insure vrobstructed com
munication between the eastern and west
ern sections of the Kingdom, and then
refused to make any' changes in the cus
toms union that wer» not in harmony
with the treaty with che tax union. H*a
customs union would expire In 1S54, and
Austria proposed one which would In
clude all Germany under her leadership.
Prussia, guided by Bismark, refused to
admit Austria into th"» Zollverein. or to
belong to one under her influence. The
issue was made and the South German
states had to choose between their prefer
ences and their financial interests, for
their revenues would be greater from a
union with Prussia and without Austria
than from a «nlon with Austria and with
out Prussia. Bismarck calmly insisted,
trusting in the strength of Prussia's com
mercial position. The southern states,
after proposing to adhere to Austria »f
she would make up to them for their
losses and receiving her refusal reluctant
ly stayed by the old union, which w i-»
renewed (1S54) for twelve years, Austria
was thus definitely shut out of a com
mercial union of Germany, which com
prised nearly all the slates of the future
empire. -
Before the expiration of the union tho
time had come to determine whether
Austria could be excluded from a political
union of German states as she had been
from the commercial one. The immediate
causes of the Var of lstW cannot be ex
amined in the space at our disposal.
When it broke out it assumed the appear
ance of an attempt on the part of tho
states of the con fede ration, under tli*
lead of Austria, to coerce Prussia, with
the result that Prussia declaredthe at
tempt a violation of the constitution and
withdrew from the Diet. The war that
followed ¦was one of the shortest and most
decisive in history. Stvcn weeks of fight
ing put Prussia In control of Germany
and expelled Austria, -•,.
The constitution of the North German
Confederation i.l!>4>6), as it was called, was
drafted by representatives of the mon
archs, submitted for a revision to a na»
tlonal convention elected by manhood suf
frage representing the people, and finally
ratified by the legislatures or diets of the
r^spectlvca states Each of the rival
forces in the new Germany received rec
ognition. Upon Prussia was conferred
tho federal executive or presidency, the
princes were represented in the federal
council -and the people In the imperial par
liament. In. form, again, the constitution
was a "perpetual alliance" of the princes
end the senates of the free cities. In fact.
It was a federal constitution.
Provision was made for admitting either
or all of the four south German states-
Bavaria. Wurttemberg. Baden and Hesse
—and meantime to facilitate the result
Bismarck resorted to the device of the
customs union. Instead of, securing: uni
formity of tariff rates by commercal trat
les uniform tariffs were enacted by a tar
iff parliament, consisting of the parlia
ment of the confedf ration increased by a
proprotlonate number of representatives
from the south German states. But th»
jealousy and hostility toward Prussia waa
not to be overcome quickly or throtigu
peaceful evolution. Blood and iron wet*
again invoked. *
A united Germany was a combinariGM.
too formidable to -the prestige of Napoleon
III to be allowed if ,it could be presented,
and war with France Bismarck regarded
as no less Inevitable than it had been with
Austria. Such a struggle with the hered
itary enemy In such a cause would unite
north and south Germany. He availed
htmself of the situation with marvelous
skill and nerve, and when the war came,
supported by arms and equally resistless
national enthusiasm, he was able to
sec the union of Germany completed and
the King ot Prussia crowned Emperor In
Versailles January. 1S71. The restoration
of the old names of empire and Kmperot
stands for no essential change In the con
stitution of the North German Confedera
tion. - It was merely a concession to his
torical associations. Alsace and Lorraine,
wrested from. France, were not annexed
to Prussia, but to the empire. As a terri
torial dependency they do not enjoy self
government nor .representation In tho fed
eral council. . ¦
The establishment of the empire, much
as It has done for Germany, has failed
short of the Ideals and hopes of the pa
triots and liberals cf the first half of th«
century. It is a union which does nol
comprise- all- Germans and <Joe<s include
Poles. Danes and Frenchmen brought ir.
through the territorial annexations ot
Prussia, and It Is p government In whfch
sovereignty Is lodged In the monarchs and
not in the people. The constitution ot th«
empire, has no articles . specifying th«
rights of tho individual like those which
constituted so essential a part of the abor
tive constitution elaborated by the nation
al assembly In 1W.
EDWARD G. BOURNE.
[ Yale University, >*.
MINE PROMOTER HARE
HELD FOR EMBEZZLEMENT
Accused of Obtaining Money From
Dr. Walters of Honolulu on *
«; T- False Pretenses.
Ivuther R. Hare, mlninjr promoter, was
held to answer before the Superior Court
by Judge Mogan yesterday on a charge
of felony embezzlement In $3000 bonds or
$1000 cash. The case has been going on
for several months and has been bitterly
contested. .'¦:> _
Hare was accused of obtaining $3245
from Dr. St. D. Gynlais Walters of Hon
olulu by falsely representing that he was
part owner of two mines near Callaghan,
Slsklyou County, and selling a share to
Walters in September last while he was
a guest at the California Hotel.
A-repcrt as "of . a pistol, sounding" out
sharp and clear on Market street, near
Flfthi* attracted . a large" crowd to the
vicinity about 10:30 last evening. /. The
noise was made by a rifle cartridge placed
by somo small boys on the cable car
track. Several police officer* were quick
ly on the ecene. but were unable to obtain
1 a clew as to who the lads were who cre
1 ated th* excitement.
Put Cartridges on the Track.
Tho committee on forelpn Consular ad
vices reported and "roasted" the Depart
ment of Agriculture because It has not
taken adequate action to secure tho free
Tisi' of the Consular service in foreign
fruit growing countries to obtain by matl
:!:in by cable Information concerning 1 . the
k*'ate of crops, market conditions, etc"
r The committee on legislation reported
favorably on the indorsement by the con
vcntlon «>f the national horticultural bill
now before <*ongress. The committee also
recommended the adoption of a resolution
urginp the California Senators and Rep
resentatives to secure the pase&ge of the
wit The committee further recommended
Professor Wickson Introduced a reso
lution which was favotably received, ask
ing California Senators and Representa
livos to work for an appropriation of
jin..i«i to be expended by the Secretary of
Agriculture for the benefit of the horti
culture and agriculture of California.
Mich appropriation havinsr been Included
by the secretary in his estimates.
The committee on resolutions al33
r«-commf-nded for adoption Professor
<'hilds' resolution? for an amendment to
the rxist'uR law to prevent the Board of
Harbor Commissioners from e\adlnff the
erection of a free fruit market on the
Ftat«- property on the San Francisco
water front.
T C Wr.it*> and Alexander Gordon of
Fresno told of the preat advantages art-s
in* from the institution of the Raisin
Growers' Association. Millions of dollar*
have been M*«d; the Eastern buyers
have been tauprht that there Is stability
lo the business meti^'ds of California.
John B. Dore of Fresno spoke in the same
strain. ¦
Resolutions were submitted and favor
ably reported upon r*"°te>stlni? against
lamprrinR with the nrrsent tariff upon
citrus fruits under pretext of reciprocal
a^vantajtes of trade or for any other rea-
Kon. Thet* referred primarily to the re
• •iproclty treaty formulated concerning
the British West Indies and the United
Htatea. .
Th*-pp resolutions were reported on fav
orably by the committee on resolutions.
Resolved, That in the event cf said
transportation committee deeming its
efforts unavailing and unsatisfact
ory, it request the president of
the State Horticultural Society again
to call the growers and shippers of
Th*> State together in convention to
deliberate and decide upon a further
course of action to pursue.
Resolved. That said transporta
tion committee be hereby directed to
forthwith place themselves in com
munication and conference with the
representatives of all the transconti
nental transportation companies, to
the end that we may, as speedily as
possible, be advised whether we can
expect the desired relief and arrange
ments for the coming shipping sea
son; and be it further
Resolved, That we appoint and
resignate the transportation commit
tee, as appointed at this meeting, on
December 5, 19OO, as our represen
tatives in this matter; and be it fur
ther
Resolved, That we request said
service and time to approximate a
delivery of cars to Chicago and sim
ilar points in six days and Atlantic
coast points in eight days; and be it
further
Resolved, By the growers and
shippers in State convention assem
bled, that we demand an improved
i ransportation service and a schedule
time to all Eastern markets from the
companies transporting . these prod
ucts for us. es a measure for cur re
lief and one which will redound to
their great good, and be it further
Several resolutions were introduced. The
fctrongeel ret was inmMiueed by F. B. Mc-
Kovlit of Vacaville. Jn a long preamble
it was pet forth that the shipments of per-
Estubte fruit from the State hsve not kept
l'jtc*» with the development and increase in
•jihtyr vari«"tl**s of California products, and
That BBcb especially during the
yn±t season, have been attended with seri
ous losses to ali growers and shippers;
.¦Ipo that unlcpp measures are devised to
improve th-.- situation the creater share of
pr«>n deciduous fruits will have to be
crorked over into drying and canning
rarietles; ;'.lso that an irregular and inade
quate transportation ser\'ice is responsible
to a larpe «Scjrree foi these conditions. The
:< s"''jti'-r.s were as followe:
The committee met yesterday afternoon
;..i<J ta!kfi informally about the various
problem? to te corsidered. Much of the
oir=cuF)=ion concerned transportation.
When the convention resumed yesterday
Judge Bond of San Jose, Edward Berwick
of Aiosterer. Cutts of Marysvllle and
i-'rest of Riverside were made additional
vice president*. \V. If. Murray of San
1- rancipco. tir-orce Hursmann of Xapa. G.
VV. t'ier^e of Vo.o, George T. Frost of Riv
<-!>.iuV and C VV. Oiilds of San Jbse were
appointed as a committee to report on ex
hn its.
A flood of resolutions characterized the
l>roceedings of the Fruit-growerg' Con
vention yesterday. There were resolutions
«eaiin«:t provisions in reciprocity treaties
that contain danger to California indus
tries-, strong resolutions demanding action
jr> secure an improved freight service to
»he Kast for deciduous fruits and resolu
tions or. other topic*. But the interest of
ihe convention was £till mainly centered
in the rubject of co-operation. Con?e
•^upntly the selection of a committee to do
something toward bringing about con
certod action interested all. The follow
ing were announced an the committee by
l'rcfcesor E. J. wu-kson, who presided;
M. Th»o. Kearney. Fresno; John S. Dore,
Kr«»m<>: A. H. Xaitstger. l^os Angeles; f. li.
Mfrriam. </fcul» Vl;i>; Judge H. O. Bond. San
Joae; Colonel I'hilo H*T»*>> , San Jose; Ueneral
N. P. 'fclpmsn. lid HlufT: John Markley, Gej
**i\ille; \\\ ti Getter, Placer; Georye \V.
l'ioic*. Yol'j; E. A. Gammon, Sacramento; IL
!'. BtilJrr. Vuba city; K. A. Chadboarne, Sui-
PUB.
!iubpe<jue:it!y, by reason of some of those
named oemg absent, the committee was
• nlarged ana Colom-I li. Weirrstock of Sac
ramento and li. \V. Meek of Alameda
were sippnimed to more fully represent
tho d<-ciduoH? fruit interest. Charles
iiarnes of siuisun was substituted for F.
A. Chadbourne, who was absent.
An organization may result from
the present session of the Fruit
froirers' Convention which will em
brace the growers of citrus fruits, de
ciduous fruits, prunes, nuts, olives.
laisins and those who deal in dried
lruits. < The object of such an or
ganization would be concerted action
ia all that concerns the interests rep-
It sented. This refers to transporta
tion, distribution and marketing es
pecially. A committee has been ap
pointed having this important work
:n view, and a preliminary meeting
-was held yesterday. This forenoon
organization will be effected tnd de
tails of the plan will be considered to
some extent. To-day also the Ladies'
California Agricultural and Horticul
tural Society will be organized.
Resolutions Hecommended for Pas
sag-; by the Convention De
manding Better Freight
Service.
Important Committee Named
to Arrange Business
Now in Hand.
FRUIT-GROWERS
PLAN FOR UNION
GAINS STRENGTH
partment. The end of the scandal Is not
yet In sight.
Dr. Winslow Anderson Claims All
Charges Are Untrue.
MAKES GENERAL DENIAX.
Dr. "vVinslow Anderson has sent in the
following communication:
To the Editor of The Call: I have read the
article published in The Call of December 6
and desire to correct some ot the false *tate
ments it contains.
First— I deny absolutely that any graduate of
th*- College of Physicians and Surgeons of San
FTanclsco either in dentistry* or in pharmacy
f^ practicing medicine under the guise of a
d> nt.il or pharmaceutical diploma.
Second— Students have failed at our final ex
aminations and have gone to other colleges to
Krcduate. Students have failed at other col
leges and have come to ours to graduate after
hi>vlng passed the last or senior year In our
s(hoo< and taking the senior or final examina
tions with the class. Several men have come
to us from other colleges in which they failed,
spending one full year with us and failed a.
second time— some of them, after spending two
years with uc, making six years In all In medi
cal colleges, have failed for a third time, all
oC which facts ar© a matter -of record In the.
dean's offlce.
Third— X<J diploma has ever been granted to
: ny Mwicw- who has not worked faithfully, mid
honestly for the same and passed the required
public examinations, which the men who have
ltslgned well know, as the signatures of Dr.
Inline and I>r. Potter are on all the diplomas
issued by this college, excepting in the case
of Dr. Totter, who was in Manila last year.
Fourth— I have never stated nor written that
the College of Physicians and Surgeons was
a "long-felt want,"' although I am proud to
say, owing u> the untiring efforts of the loyal
men on the board of trustees and the excellent
personnel of the faculties, numbering now
about seventy, the college is In a prosperous
condition with about 3C0 student?.
Fifth— No doubt the real reason of Dr. Pot
ter's resignation, besides those already given,
will proba.bly be found In the' fact that he was
requested by the Building and Loan Association
to sign a note for $23,000.- which the other trus
tees of the college had already signed. In any
event his resignation was:. handed In. a few
dcys after his signature was requested. .-~- _^
- Hlxth— It is absolutely untrue* that Dr. W. F.
Sr.uthard. IJr. S. B. Koblcke and Dr. E. E.
Kelly have resigned. l>r. S. . M. Mouser re
slRned some three years ago, according to his
own statement principally on account o( the
position Dr. Potter took regarding administra
tive affairs and a .threatened encounter in
th* collepe build Inc some time previously. r>r.
.1. U. I^alne resigned about the beginning of
tills' year. Dr. Potter resigned about two
months ago and Dr. Regensburger resigned
about a week ago. • . ..-¦ " ¦ '%
Seventh;— I . disclaim the accusation that the
ccllese is ¦ a '•one-man;-?chool." ; It Is true I
liare worked- faithfully tor- the*.t*8t- Interests
The German National Assembly In 198
framed" a constitution for an empire, and
elected the King of Prussia Emperor; but
he could not accept a crown from the
people whose right- to offer it he deniel.
nor under these circumstances— the war
with Austria for supremacy— which such.
an acceptance .would have precipitated.
Thia war with Austria must be avoided
until Prussia had so equipped herself a-»
to make victory fairly certain.
Before it came there was a peaceful
trial of strength of position between Prus
sia and Austria that forecast the> futuro
for those who could Interpret it. Austria,
realizing the advantages accruing t«>
Prussia from the customs union, planned
to gain admission to it to displace Prus
5ia from commercial leadership; her de
signs were supported ' by the South Ger
man states, which found the tariff rates
of the union too low to suit them. Prus-
The most signal changes that have
taken place In the. political geography of
Europe In consequence of wars since 1S13
have been the unification of Germany and
of Italy and the redemption of Greece,
Roumania and the Balkan states from the
sway of the Turk. As the course and sig
nificance of these transformations can be
more clearly presented by taking" each
subject by Itself and following It through,
that method will be adopted in the re
maining articles of this series.
The alliance of the German princes In
1S15 (the German confederation) promised
little but a certain union of action In re
pressing political progress, and it is in
another quarter that we must look for
of the college since Its Inception and it is also
ti ue .that I have no more to do with the man
atrtment than any other one man on the board
of trustees.
Eighth — Regarding the statements purporting
to come from Dr. J. R. Lalne I will reply,
'•more in sorrow than in anger," that in the
building project Dr. Lalne and myself prom
ised to furnish the additional means required
for the purchase of the lot. I kept my agree
ment and furnished the principal of this
amount personally. - :
Ninth— RecardinB expert examinations of the
college- books, 1 take the following from our
records, partly written by Dr. Potter himself:
The books cf the institution were examined for
the first time October 13, 1897, by Mr. Mason,
expert, with Drs. Laine and Potter as a com
mittee in charge. They were examined a sec
ond time by. the exixrt. D. W. Kolger,- March
26. 1899. at Dr. Lalne'*- special request, and
Dr. Lalne employed his own special expert. The
books were examined a third time by Mr. H.
H. .Zobpl. expert. January 4. 1900. They were
again examined by one of the best experts in
the State. »ir^ Brandon. Octoher 1. 19'X). Hence
It will be «f«n that our college books have
been exported at least four different times
and the statements attributed to Dr. Lalrw
are nut based on knowledge. I
Tenth— I never constituted myself " treasurer,
auditor and paymaster," as we had a board
of seven trustees to administer the affairs of.
the college. Dr. Southhard has Issued every
check for all payments since the Inception of
the college until the present timer excepting
one for several hundred dollars which perhaps
Dr. Lalne can better explain himself, as the
funds were turned over to him and as yet- the
board has received no accounting. Dr. Llin*
or no one else ever heard me declare
"the whole thing," although 1 have prevented
at times the inauguration of disastrous poli
cies.
Eleventh— It Is absolutely untrue that I "hold
the sword of Damocles" over any man, woman
or child as stated, and the' plain truth as re
gards Dr. Lalne's resignation from the college
is simply this, that the board of trustees to' a
man favored the methods of administration that
had been In vogue since the extablishmc-nt of
the college and rejected in toto "the reforms"
introduced by Dr. Lalne to such an extent that
he could not even gef a second to his reso
lution. . . • •
Twelfth— It !s untrue that Mrs. Dr. Southhard
furnl3hed any money toward the purchase of
the lot av stated. ¦ It Is also untrue that I ob-
Jfrttii to the redemption of the notes when the
college had : the means to pay them, as th"
records will show. It. t was I who made, the
original motion: to have- these notes taken up.
Thirteenth— Dr. Potter and I had charge of
passing upon the credentials of students who
came . to xisrfrom other colleges and of grad
uates in- medicine who desires' to enter thfl
College of Physicians ?and Surgeons. When
Dr...Pottcrleft Tor. Manila and Dr. Kod<?head
was made secretary pro tern, he also- filled Pot
ter's place on this committee. Whenever there
wns any, doubt or question as. to the admis
sion 1 of a candidate the matter was brought be
fore the whole board with properly filled Out
and sworn • affidavits from the candidates, as
the records will show.
Fourteenth— As to any "trick" or "device"
of which Dr. Laine I« reported to have spoken.
I .must .confess that I. am at a loss to under
stand what he, means." For four years we sat
together upon the State Board of Health, he
bcinR the, "secretary. . For four years we wer«
upon the board of trustees of the College of
Physicians and Surgeons, and It was not until
hl» "reform" schemes were Introduced and
failed "«f acceptance by all the members of
•the board .that he found "any "device" for my
own financial' or personal advancement.
Fifteenth— Th« number of men who have re
signed within the last year is three. No one
questions their professional Ability as teachers,
but It Is a notable fact that Dr. X^aine has
probably never delivered twenty lectures In the
coll'K"? hall. Dr. Potter has been away in
Manila f or • two ¦ years and Dr. .Fiegensburger
prpbablydldnot average twenty lectures a year,
so that.lt became necessary for us long; ajfo
to find other men to do their work. Dr. 1-aine's
work In surgery has been ably conducted by
Professor J. H. Healy. Professor W. A. Mor
ton and Professor K. P. Howard. Dr. Potter's
work in medicine has been ably and faithfully
p«»rfon«iPd by Professor C. H. Itosenthal. Pro
fewsor II. d'Arcy Power, Professor George
Adam and Professor F. "W. Lux. Dr. Itegens
burRT's chair has-, been ably filled by Profen
sor A. P. Woodward, who has done nine-tentiig
of the work in this department since the col
leRe, opened, so that the college has In no
wise lost by these resignations.
WI.NPr/»\V ANDERSON.
THE UNIFICATION OF GERMANY.
Copyright, 19OO, by Seymour Baton.
\A/PkR GEOGRAPHY OF EUROPE.
GOVERNING BOARD OF DOCTORS ABOUT
TO TAKE ANDERSON'S CASE IN HAND
FeMow Physicians Will 1 investigate Reports of Uinprofessioinal "Cooduct
Sim Awarding Diplooias amd Getting Fees.
WAR is on in earnest among the
doctors who now hold and
those who formerly held posi
tions on the faculty of the
College of- Physicians.
The storm seems to be breaking around
the head of Dr. Winslow Anderson and
there is a party for and a party against
him. f
The autonomy of the cillege, of which
the much berated doctor is said to be the
very head and front, is threatened with
legal disruption and even the solemn
binding obligation of a doctor's oath wilt
not,, prevent the members of the profes
sion talking out of' school.
Cumulative evidence concerning the
practicr-s of some of the members of the
faculty of the sc-hool is easily obtainable.
Dr. Anderson's friends and supporters are
rallying to his cause, endeavoring if possi
ble to stay the storm. Jealousy may be a
paramount factor in some of the asser
tions made, but the fact remains that the
graduates «*f tn<« college of PhjjIrfMu a™
Surgeons arc not received with the same
degree of consideration that Jjff^gg
graduates of other schools in professional
I5r S 6 il Potter, the most agcressive
opponent of the present regime 1* °«£ <«
town and will not return for sever al d a> b.
When he comes It is expected that the op
position will blossom forth in full strength
and that a judicial inquiry into the con
duct of the institution will be . com^f,=^f;
Dr. Potter is one of the original trustees
and is in a position, so says the opposi
tion, to -niaue Rome nowl. Just wnat
Dr. Potter has up his sleeve professional
courtesv prevents othere from saying.
The gk-t of Dr. Potter's objections is
that during the last two years many
changes of policy and administration lm\e
been inaugurated by the board of trus
tees Some of thes*- changes, he alleges,
are inimical to the. best interests of the
institution and are in direct violation pi
the articles of incorporation and the pub
lished rules of the Institution.
"The result Is." says r>r. Potter In his
plaint, "that the College of Physicians
and Snrgeons of San Kranclsco has been
seriously injured in reputation and has
lost the full confidence of the best ele
ments of the medical profession of this
city and State."
But t>r. Anderson's friends now come
back and say that Potter is a mlschief
breeder; thai he talks out of school ana
time and season; that he is disgruntled;
but none *oem to be ready to take issue
with him.
However, the fight bPtwcen the factions
is so acute and the charges made are so
grave that application has already been
made to the~board of censors of the San
Francisco 'Medical Society for an Inves
tigation. This body, composed of the
most potent. grave and reverend
peignors of the rirof^sMori' hears all evi
dence, determinedly deliberates and then
renders judgment. Its flat is final; there
is no appeal, for the society is governed
by the strictest possible rules.
Professor William J. Jackson of the
department of pharmacy, is one of the
stanchest adherents of the present man
agement of the College of Physicians and
Surgeons. So far this department, of
which he Is the dean and second only in
authority to Dr. Anderson, seems to have
i escaped the tire of criticism heaped upon
the medical and dental departments. In
defense of Dr. Anderson, Professor Jack
son says:
"Dr. Potter's grievances In the college
are that the six trustees would not per
mit him to run things his own way. He
: did not believe in buying a lot. nor i;i
erecting a building for the college. Ho
wanted to draw down the college earnings
instead of building up a magnificent In
stitution. It -v.-as pa-lly on his account
that Dr. Mouser resigned. The board of
trustees is under no obligation to account
for any funds to the faculties, becaune
they are the pole and absolute managers
of Che college, as the civil code provides.
"The reasons for the resignation of
Doctors Laine and Mouser can best be
explained by themselves. The reason' Dr.
Regensburg'er resigned was because it
was not considered desirable to have him
a member of the board of trustees
Another reason for the resignation of
these men is undoubtedly the fact that
there will be no compensation for teach
ing for some years to tome, as the funds
are devoted to paying the cost of the col
lege building and its equipment, a propo
sition of which the board of trustees
must have absolute control.
"Dr. Kelly is dissatisfied because there
is a -better man teaching anatomy than
he, and he is antagonistic to the board of
trustees. Three years ago he voted for
Dr. Kerr for president of the State Med
ical Society in place of Dr. McNutt, who
was the -choice of the College of Physi
cians and Surgeons. Dr. Regensburger
1 has always been growling about his pound
of flesh. The average expense of run
ning the college has been $1000 per
month, all of which has been paid out In
checks on the First National Bank. The
resignations of these men have been very
opportune, as theit chairs are filled by
! abler men. The college authorities court
Investigation."
Graduates of the medical department or
the College of Physicians and Surgeons
I ane adverse to lotting the world know
i how they got through, but the members
j of the dental department seem more will
ing to speak. One of them paid that when
the dental department was organized, the
dental offlce, occupied by Dr. Boxton,
at the time of his return from Manila,
was for sale. A half Interest in it was
purchased by a student named Burnham
and that soon after he completed his
course and got his diploma. Others in
I the same class objected to the proceeding
I and they. too. were graduated. There
' was considerable talk in the : college
about the matter and every effort was
made to hush It up. Now that the medl
j cal department is tinder fire, some funny
tales are being told about the dental de-
a resolution apkincr the California Legis
lature to appropriate J5000 at the comlns
i fcsslon. to bo expanded under the direc
tion of the State Board of Horticulture
In studying the life history of the beno
flclal and predacpous insects of California.
The proceedings of the afternoon were
varied bv addresses. Professor Bloletti of
the University of California. John Mark
ley of Geyserviile. Georpe Schoenwald of
St. Helena and J. G. Gundorf of Alameda
discussed the use of resistant vine stock.
A. Sbarboro spoke concerning his obser
vations in Europe aftectlnjr the vlticut
tural industry, he having recently re
turned from Kuropean countries. Cap
tain M. J. Daniels of Riverside spoke on
"Protection to our fruit interests, refer
ring t» the Dinsley tariff.
To-day the Indies' Agricultural and
Horticultural Association will be organ
ized.
An association of ihe almond growers
of .the eastern part of Contra CosUi
County has been organized . with J. Mur
phy as president; A. M. Graus, vice presi
dent; ft. J. Trembath. secretary, an-1
James O'Hara. W. Pearce and W. ShaXer
as an executive committee,,. A meeting
was held yesterday.
The convention of fruit growers will
finally close to-day. .__
THE SAN FltANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, DECEMBER -7, 1900.
VIII.
THE CALL'S
HOME STUDY CIRCLE
9
m The Christmas Century S
dj* 111 wv/lUl 1 M. 1111^1112^ ¦ Zt x|
HpHERE is not the slightest doubt in the mind of any one who keeps track of I jg^
{•^U 1 modern magazine literature that The Century Magazine is the best in the ¥*•,
jin world. It was begun thirty years ago ; it took the
Jgpl first place among illustrated magazines at the start, T-rTj-c we a r% /~\t? jKT
Pv] an i though in no branch of art or industry has 1 HJEl YEAR OF 1*^
4aA competition been keener, it has kept that place for DOIWT AlViy^R #t |L '
-JWLI all its thirty years of life. It is not only in the JxVJIVl/HN V^C f *£L j
i^y quality of its text and illustrations that The Cen- ShfmwU -W Stnrfr* Am H« - !
r»j . t Uf y excels : it stands for something, and its torce- ftf *
nfi&jl * u^ ec * itoria k have had a large share in molding p # ANSTEY HbJ '
)p*A popular opinion. It is thoroughly representative ¦/• RIIPNFTT t^lr
V*«j of American ideas. It is said to have introduced Mrs. DUIvriC I I, W«^ j
jmA more new authors and artists than all the other Geo. W. CABLE, eJK j
-i|| magazines put together. It works directly to de- Winston CHURCHILL Hi ;
m. MBkI f A • 1 1 1 T*f T"\ lUOlvll m A V/ »\^r ABA AwX-4} Ifty ft !
•»J% velop Amencan art and literature. The Decem- p,!-^ a niY H • '
Jh ber (Christmas) number is a revelation in color- cawin Asa UlA, jg^ :
pT printing. Hamlin GARLAND, l^| j
Er ¦ NOVEMBER CENTURY David GRAY, j^v
tfg, 3354 Printed in Colors Joel Chandler HARRIS, \W
J^ra "Her Mountain Lover," by Hamlin Garland,— a breezy story of D i. H A DTP Iff* m !
L*,9^l a Colorado ranchman in England, — begins in this number, in which DfCt flAKlC, ST!P*t '
I* jX there arc also five complete stork u . . **/ T\ HHWPI I Q H%L^ '
i|nK. And there is much besides fiction, — the boyhood and manhood of VV. U, ilUWCLLJ), UM ;
I?w3£ Daniel Webster are interestingly described by John Bach McMaster, w. I A llilCC L^BW '
JpT© Bronson Howard writes of "Our Schools for the Stage," Tulian Ralph Henry JAiVlcb, 17^
/•• describes "A Yankee Corresp. jndent in South Africa/' the director of c-— L. A— «, ICIVCTT lK\
A^, the New York Zoological Fark writes of the Park, Bishop Potter barati Uffle JcWC I 1 , ! )&
4BT discusses u The Problem of the Philippines," etc, etc Rlldvard KIPLING 15-
S D ECE M BE R CENT U RY ian maclaren, ' 5
J»J tinted in Colors S. Weir MITCHELL ISL
gi^' is the most beautiful issue ever made. One attraction is Milton's Ode * v»V« 'lak
P&i* on the Nativity, superbly illustrated by Du Mond, and printed in six TliO^ Nel^Ofl PAGF **» ?4V^I
J#> colors and four tints. There are storks by Henry^ James, L. B. Wai- * UU5># , 11|Ciaui1 r^ UL » •!Vi
W/ ford (author of "The Baby's Grandmother"), Carolyn Wells ("Ghosts Bertha RUNKLE. JBL\
fiL Who Bccamc Famous"), Edwin Asa Dix (authoi;of "Deacon Brad- UC1 UJa V™X7 V^ %T K
Jm bury "), Charles Battell Loomis, Charles Dudley Warner, and others, Prank R STOCKTON. ffll
lC% with the beginning of "Down the Rhine "by Augustine Birrell, M.P., rrdllh „ » tV-r. WL?l
kA the illustrations of which, by Andre Castaigne, form a superb pano- RuthMcEnervSTUART fffet .
TB& rama of the great river ; an article on the siege of Peking by the private ' H9L!
gp£' secretary of Li Hung-chan£, etc, etc. Gen. LeW WALLACE, VlSK
<%* THE HELMET OF NAVARRE Chas. Dudley WARNER, p£|
3fly 4 This brilliant romance, <which began in August and will end m rVr»j ,ni ¦ unnn IfrffSC
;^a. May, has already attracted <o>ider attention and been more highly b.OlUart FhelpS VV AKD» \SS'
m !hh praised than any tvork of fiction ever published serially in The -,,«, f/ ,» TC , |Br J
J»vl Century. 45 the New York Tribune says, it "leaped at once into MarV E. WILKlINb. ViJ
k*-! popular favor." - W -:.'. «iT I
JB&J Pnrjn n or< * er that nevj, yearly subscribers ivho com- Ip no other form can such
»F' FlxEC me J} f cc • <witb December may secure a super b collection of stories ,^J
SrJ* The Helmet of Navarre complete, the four num- . . n rir<» *^H
5> ben, August, September, October and November, sent free of be had at SUCh a low price. J #^
4bL< charge— SIXTEEN NUMBERS FOR THE PRICE OF TWELVE. . r Tjaj
Subscription price, $4.00 a year. All dealers take subscriptions, or remittance may be made directly to rap,
2 THE CENTURY CO., Union Square, NEW YORK KtChicago Grain Market.
Foreign Futures.
DECEMBER. 1900.
CALL CALENDAR.
THE STOCK MARKET.
There was a fair business on the morning
session of the Bond Exchange, .with a decline
in Market Street Railroad to $60-25, and sales
of Oceanic Steamship at $104. There was no
change worthy of note In the afternoon.
On the Oil Exchange Petroleum Center was
the active stock at steady prices. Caribou was
higher. •
The Justice Mining Company has levied an
assessment of 5 cents. '•
The San . Joaquln and Kings River Canal
and R. Company has jut,t paid its annual divi
dend of 40 cents per thare. The dividend for
1809 was 25 cents per sliare.
STOCK AND BOND EXCHANGE.
>/> THURSDAY. Dec 6—2 p. m
UNITED STATES BONDS. ,
•\ Bid. Ask. Bid. Ask.
4s quar coup..llo%116% 4s do cp (new). 137% 138%
4s do. reg .114%115% 3s do coup 109U.UO%
MISCELLANEOUS BONDS. v •
Bay. Co P'Co.KH' —
Cal -st Cab 38.119 —
C C Water 5s. 109 i —
Ed L & P 6s... 131 v —
F & Cl Ry 6a. — , — :
Geary-st R 5s. — —
H C & S 5%s.. — —
Do 5b.V.......101% —
L A Ry 5s... .110% —
L A Lt Co 6s.. — 103
Do gntd 6s.. — * —
L A gntd 5b.:. — 102
L A P R R 5s.lOS% —
Market-st 6s... 123% —
Do 1st M Ss.121 —
N C N G R 7s. — 114
N'R or Cal 6S.114U —
T5o 5a :...119<- —
N P C R R 6s. 101 - —
Do 5s ....... ..108 'lOSVi
N Cal Ry 5s A 110% — .
Oak G L & H.110!* —
Oak Tran 6s..ll8%120
Oak Water 5s..lO4% —
Oceanio- SS 5s.U0%lll
Om C Ry 6s...U'» liuU,
Pao G Imp 4s.l01 , —
P & Cl Ry 6s. .106 * — -
P & O R R 6s. 113% — .
Powell-st R 6s — —
Sac E G&R5s. — —
S P & SJV 68.U3H —
H R of Oal 6s.. — ' 113
S P of A 6s... 113 113%
S P C 6s (1905) -
(Series A). ...109% —
DofSerles B)110\i —
Do (1906).....«2 r in.4
Do U9l2)..;..m —
S P R Jst e Ss.107% —
S P R 6s.....,12i^ —
S V .Water 6s.U4 114%
Do 4s....... ..103% —
¦Do 3d-mtge.l0ligl02
Stktn Ga» b^..lul —
WATER STOCKS.
Contra Costa.. 71 — Spring Valley. 93% 94
Mann County. 51%—'
GAS AND ELECTRIC STOCKS.
Cent L & P Co — •-., 4% Pac - L Col.... — .44
Kqult G L Co. %M. 3% Sac E G&R Coj— . 36
Mutual El' Co. — 9% S V O & B.... 46% 47 '
O O L & H.v.v — E0»4 San Francisco." i% 4%
Pac Gas Imp. .'47% 4i • Stktn G&B Co — 14.
Foreign Markets.
LONDON, Dec. 6.— Consols,? 97 11-16; silver,
2»13-16d; French rentes,*- 101f 52%c. Wheat
NEW YORK. Dec. 6.— The feature of the
metal department was the decline* in tin , to
$27 25ff27 75, with the market finally: weak ' in
tone. The : loss was the > result of : decidedly
weak cables, these showing a drop of £3 in
London, later making the lowest price reached
since the middle of January." Copper, though
5s higher In -London,- was -quiet locally at $17
for lake copper. Lead continued quiet at
$4 37%. Spelter was weak, $4 25© 4 30.. The iron
markets ruled quiet and without material
chaf.ge. j
New York, Metal Market.
. SHEEP— Receipts, 12.000; sheep and lambs,
steady to strong; Christmas lambs reached
$6 75; good to choice wothers, $4@4 40 ; , f air . to
choice mixed, $3 75@4 05; Western sheep, $4@
4 40; Texas sheep, J2 60®3 65; native lambs A
$4@5 50; Western lambs, $4 75<g5 50. '<'.., v.^
HOGS— Receipts to-day, 29,000; to-morrow,
25,000, estimated; left over, ¦ 2000T acttve;
average 5c higher; top. $5: mixed and butchers,
14 TOfeo; gocd to -choice heavy, $4 70@6; rough
heavy, $4 55<J?4 65; light, $4 70<g5; bulk of sales,
$4 So^M 95. ,
CHICAGO, Dec. 6.— CATTLE— Receipts, 9DO0;
strong to 10c higher; butchers' stock, strong
to a shade higher; good to prime steers, $5. 60<§>
6 25; poor to medium, $4 10©5 40; selected feed
ers, strong, $3 75ig'4 50; mixed stackers, steady,
$2 23@3 75; cows, *2 65@4 25: heifers, $2 70@4 75;
canners, $2@2 65; bulls, $2 65@4 60; calves. $4 50
©5 45; Texas fed steers, $4@4 90; grass steers,
$3 35i5}4 15: bulls, J2 50ff3 25. v
Chicago Livestock Market.
LIVERPOOL.
•Wheat— Dec. Feb. Mar.
Opening 5 11«4 .... 6%
Closing 5 11% .... 6 %
PARIS. .
Wheat — Dec. Mar. -June.
Opening 20 30 2160
Closing 20 35 .2155
Flour-
Opening ....26 25 27 60
Closing 26 25 27 55
1(# Chicago Ac Eastern Illinois
2M> Chicago & XorthwMitern 167H
S.HOO Chicago Rook Island & Pacific 114Vi
L200 C C C 4 ft Louis 66^4
, Colorado Southern 7 ¦
NEW YORK. Dec. C— A determined effort
xirar manifest in the t'ock market to start a
renewal of speculation for a rise. In the early
dealings there was a fair degree of success
attending the effort under the influence of
¦triklnff gains in a few stocks. Strength per
tisted in a few stock? throughout the day, but
it «a; offset during the later part of the day
by equally rtriklng los.«-^ in tome of the lead
ing specialties. A large part of the list fell
>>ack to about last night's level and wavered
in an uncertain way until the closing, which
was genera!!)- easy. The rally in this market
late yesterday was tak-n as a cue by t the Lon
don market this morning. Foreign markets
have showed a growing disposition of late to
follow Wall ftreet'F lead and the rally yes
terday afternoon was pronounced by some ob
servers ee due to manipulation with the pur
pose of Inviting buying of Americans in Lon
don to-day. If this was the purpose it was
Fucceseful. for London bought stocks here at
the opening, helping on the rise. There was
a oonFiderable ehort interest, as a result of
the weakness of the market early In the week.
¦which proved vulnerable to the rather impos
ing show of strength this morning and the
covering movement helped on the rise. Even
among those stocks where were afterward
tl:e weakest there- were some considerable gains
during the early strength, both Sugar and
Tennessee Coal getting up about a point. Quite
a number of important stocks achieved gains
rif nearly a point, but a careful scrutiny of
the market showed that the movement all day
was distinctly one of *pecial fitocks. The low
priced non-dividend stocks were the favorites,
especially the Eries and the Wabash issues,
both Mocks and bonds. Xothlng authoritative
c-ould be learned to explain this movement,
which tumor attributed both to buying for
Vanderbllt control and' to jo'.nt plans for con
eoildation through traffic arrangements of the
two lines. The rise extended to over 2 points
in Erie flirt preferred and to 1% for second
preferred and both clwwd at about the top,
being practically the only 6tocks In the list
to do bo. Besides these stocks there were up
ward of thirty etocks selling under 49 which
were advanced from S4 to 1%. The increase in
the dividend rate for the half-year on Denver
and Rio Grande preferred from 2 to 2% per
cpuX caused a late advance in that ctock of
1\ and in the common, stock of l\i. This
caused a sympathetic hardening In the market,
but prir*s did not hold in face of the renewed
Wf-akneii In the specialties. There was no ap
preciable change In money market conditions.
The bond market was active and consistently
strong, many low-grade Junior and contingent
ton<Js advancing »tron«:ly. Total sales, par
value. $<>.425.W>0.
United States new 4s declined % per cent on
the last call. ,
NEW YORK STOCK LIST.
*-hares Closing
h>o!d. Ftork — Bid.
16.?"0 Atchison <S*«J
77.li*) Atrhlson prefd 83%
4,3* Baltimore & Ohio 80%
Canadian Pacific M\
2,200 Canada Southern £R
1S.JW Chesapeake & Ohl« 37«4
2.000 <.1ijc«lbo Great Western U%
6.W1O Chicago. Burlington & Qulncy 135?i
"no Chicago.. Ind & Louisville 3%
V« Ohlcajro, Jnd & Louisville prefd..... 67
New York Stock Market.
EASTERN MARKETS.
ARIZONA— Fair Friday
ALEXANDER G. MeADIE,
Forecast Official.
Pan Francisco and vicinity — Fair Friday; not
eo cold; cloudy at night; fresh southeast winds.
Northern California— Fair Friday, except fog
gy in the valleys and cloudy on the northern
coast; light southerly winds.
Southern California— Fair Friday; light
northerly winds.
NEVADA— Fair Friday.
UTAH— Fair Friday.
The temperature has remained nearly sta
tionary west of the Rocky Mountains. In the
».-reat valleys of California it te abnormally
cold, owing to the fog. In Southern California
the temperatures are from 12 to 16 degrees
above the normal. A curious inversion of tem
j>erature exists near San Francisco. Mount
Tama!;>ais rei>orts 64 degrees. San Francisco
DO dt-sre-es. Sacramento 46 degrees, Fresno 44
df-*rr«t*. Red BluS 44 d>gr»>es.
No .-fair, has fallen west of the Rocky Mount
ains.
Forecast made at San Francisco for thirty
hour*, end.ng midnight. December 7. 1&0Q:
The pressure has fallen steadily over the
northwest*™ portion of the country. An area
of hith r-ressure ov^rHes I'tah. Nevada and
Fouth-rn Idaho. There has, however, been a
matlst-d weakening in pressure along the coast,
and conditions are such that a low area may
come in rapiiily from the ocean.
FORECAST.
San Francisco data: Maximum temperature.
E2; minimum, «4; mean. 45. *
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
CHICAGO, Dec. 6.— January wheat opened
W8\c to %Q\ic lower at 71H@"U;c, influenced
by a decline at Liverpool. A bit of buying on
yesterday's export sales, nfty-flve loads of
wheat and 100.000 barrels of flour, rallied the
price to 71^(& 71%c during the first hour, but
the bulge did not hold. Considerable long |
wheat came out during the forenoon and al- 1
though the afternoon saw less liquidation the j
liberal receipts and lack of outside support
kept the price on the downward road. At
70\c, which was reached about 1 o'clock, the
market steadied and reacted to 71c, shorts tak
ing profits, but the ray of hope thus given
holders was Eoon lost and the close was weak
at the bottom, v»#lc under yesterday, at 70%c.
Corn was strong all forenoon, but eased oft
some later in sympathy with the wheat weak
i nees. Shorts were still on the anxious seat.
as to-day's receipts, 1S3 cars. Included only
three of . contract grade. Country offerings
were still small, although more liberal than
they were last week. December sold between
37-*^c and 38c and closed %c higher at 37%c
May cloeed a shade higher at 36%c.
I Oats were again very dull. May closed %c
lower at 23%c.
: Provisions advanced early on light hog re
ceipts, a "fair outside demand and local buy
; Ing. Later a heavy local operator turned seller
; and most of the early advance was lost. Jan
1 uary pork closed 2 l ,2C over yesterday, lard 2%c
j higher and ribs closed 7 l ,»c up.
I The leading futures ranged as follows:
i Articles— Open. High. Low. Close. 1
Wheat No. 2—
; December nv» 71H 70H 70^i
; January 71V4 71% 7W4 70%
' May U% 74& 73% 73%
1 Oats No. 2—
i December 37% - 3S 37% 37%
I January 86 36*i 36 36Vi
; May 36% 36% 36% 36H
Oats No. 2—
! December 21% 21% 2Ui 2»4
1 May 23ft 24 23*4 23?4
Mess Pork. r*r bbl—
I Januarj' 12 22% 12 37% 12 20 12 25
'May 12 12% 12 25 12 05 13 10
I Lard, r>er 100 lbs— .
I December 7 17% 7 20 7 12% 7 17%
January 6 52% 6 95 6 SO 6 92%
May, 6 97% 7 00 6 97% 7 00
Short Ribs, per 100 lbs —
January 6'30 6 35 6 30 6 35
May 6 37% 6 42% 6 37% 6 40
! Cash quotations were as follows: Flour,
j steady; No. 3 spring wheat, 66®71%c; No. 2 red.
1 72®73%c; No. 2 corn, 37%c; No. 2 yellow, 37% (<p
! 37-/4-:; No. 2 oats, 22%<y23c; No. 3 white, 25@
¦ 26%c; fair to choice malting barley, 50JJ57c; No.
1 1 flashed, $1 68\4@1 68%; No. 1 Northwestern.
$1 70; prime timothy seed, $4 40; mess pork, per
barrel, $11 50; lard, per 300 lbs, $7 15@7 20; short
ribs sides (loose), $6 60<fj6 75; dry salted tshould-
I ers iboxed), 6%©6%o; short clear Bides (boxed).
$6 75@6 85; whisky, basis of high wines, '$1 27.
! Sugars— Cut loaf, 6.13c; granulated, 5.60c; con-
J fectloners* A. 5.50c; oft A, 5.40c. Clover, con
tract trade. $10® 10 25.
Articles— Receipts. Shipments.
Flour, barrels 30,001) 25.000
Wheat, bushels 78,000 295,000
Corn, bushels .....15S.00O 410.C0O
Oats, buyhels 1SS.00O 156.000
Rye. bushels 12.000 9,000
Barley, bushels 6.000 7.000
On the Produce. Exchange to-day the butter
market was quiet; creameries, 15@24%c; dairies,
i3«i"20c. Cheese, active; 10K@ll%c. Eggs, ac
j tive; fresh, 25c.
THURSDAY, Dec. 6—4 p. m
Bid. Ask. 1
Alpha 03 0*|
Alta 05 (A
Andes 02 04
Belcher 14 15
Best & Belcher. 22 23
Bullion W C3
Caledonia 36 37
Chollar 14 15
Challenge Con.. 20 22
Confidence 56 60
Con Cal & Va..l 20 1 25
Con Imperial... — 01
Con New York. 01 —
Eureka Con — 35
Crown Point.... 11 12
Exchequer — 02
Gould & Curry. 51 53
Hale & Norcrs. 18 19
Julia — 03
Bid. Ask.
Justice 03 04
Kentuck 02 OS
Lady Wash — 03
Mexican 16 17
Occidental 04 06
Ophlr 60 61
Overman 0^ 07
Potosi 12 13
Savage 07 01
Scorpion — 04
Seg Belcher.... 03 C3
Sierra Nevada. 26 27
Silver Hill 64 55
St Louis 10 —
Standard 3 20 —
Syndicate — 18
Union Con 20 22
Utah 05 09
Yellow Jacket.. 21 23
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
200 Belcher 131 400 Crown Point.... 13
200 Best & Belcher. 22 200 Gould & Curry. 52
300 Challenge Con.. 21 ! 200 Ophlr 61
30O Chollar 14; 500 Utah 05
200 Con Cal & V.I 22V» 100 Yellow Jacket.. 2;
200 Con Cal & V...1 2vl
Afternoon Session.
300 Belcher 16 300 Ophlr ........... 63
200 Best & Belcher. 24 600 Ophlr - 63
200 Caledonia f. 38 200 Ophlr 61
700 Con Cal & Va..l 25 200 Sierra Nevada. 27
2C0 Gould & Curry. 52 200 Silver Hill 60
300 Justice 04 200 Silver Hill 53
800 Mexican IS 300 Union Con 22
1000 Ophlr 65 300 Union Con...... 21
Morning Session.
Following were the sales In the Pacific Stock
Exchange yesterday:
700 Alpha 04 300 Mexican ........ 1«
800 Andes 03 200 Ophlr 6n
300 Belcher 15 200 Overman 0«
3C0 Best & Belcher. 23 50 Savage 08
450 Best & Belcher. 22 300 Savage 01
2G0 Caledonia 35 300 Silver Hill 55
400 Caledonia 33 100 Silver Hill -5«
10O Challenge 21 100 Sliver Hill 64
200 Chollar 1* 300 Union Con 21
100 Con Cal & Va..l 20 1500 Utah 0i
150 Crown Point.... 12 600 Yellow Jacket. 21
100 Hale & Norcrs. IS
Aiternoon Session,
10O Belcher 13 200 Ophlr ..:..«?— 65
E00 Best & Belcher. 25 5C0 Overman 07
200 Caledonia 38 600 Potosi 13
200 Challenge 22[ 100 Savage 08
200 Chollar 15 100 Sierra Nevada. 27
.620 Con Cal & Va..l 25 200 Silver Hill 49
100 Gould & Curry. 54 500 Yellow Jacket.. 22
Morning Session.
Following were the sales In the San Francisco
Stock and Exchange Board yesterday:
MTNINO STOCKS.
Creamery— Fancy ¦ Creamery,- * 27@27^5c; sec
onds, 26c, ¦ ' ;'.". !•'
Dairy— Fancy, 24@25c; good to choice. 22<g:23c;
common, 19@20c. - : i
\ Creamery : tub— 20©22V»c per lb. ' ' ¦
. Pickled roll— 19@21c- .
. Firkin— 18(ffl9c.~, •
* Storage ; goods— 21@22c. . . ¦ ' ;i
• CHEESE — New, -12©12%c; Old, HQll^c;
Butter and. Eggs' each moved up again yes
terday, under; greatly reduced supplies / and a
good demand.', Cheese was firm at the advance
noted ¦ the day before, i
Butter, Cheese and Eggs.
GAME— Quail. $1@1 25; Mallard, $2 50iS>3:
Canvasback, $3@4; Sprig, $2; Teal, $1 2502;
Widgeon, $1 2o; Small Duck, >$1@1 25; Gray
Geese, $3; White Geese, $1@1 50; Brant, U 50
for small and $2 ¦ for- large; Honkers. $4 50;
English Snipe, $1 50: Jack Snipe,- $1 25; Hare. $1
25; Rabbits, $1 25<gl 50 for. Cottontail and $1
for Brush ; Doves, 60<g65c per dozen.
POULTRY— Live Turkeys, ll@12J4c for Gob
blers and ll@12t£c for. Hens; Dressed Turkeys,
13@18c: Geese, per pair. $1 73@2; Goslings, $1 73
<g'2; Ducks. $3@4 for old and HQa for young;
Hens, $3@4 50; Young Roosters, $4@4 25; Old
Roosters. $3 D0@4; Fryers,. $3 5O@4; Broilers,
$3 2o@3 75 for large and - $3@3 50 for small;
Pigeons, $1 per dozen for ; old and $1 7S@2 for
Squabs. :
Arrivals of dressed Turkeys are very small,
and as there is an Improved demand quota
tions are much higher. Live Turkeys are also
firm, but lhere Is no demand for other descrip
tions of Poultry and no reasonable offer la
refused. Another, car of Eastern went on,
making ten for the week. ' '
, Game continues comparatively - low, in spite
of the cold weather. i;\
Poultry and Game.
VEGETABLES— Green Peas, 5(g7c per lb;
String Beans, 4© 9c; Llmas, nominal; Cabbage,
90c; Tomatoes, 75c(g$l 50 for Los Angeles and
20tfj50c for Bay; Egg Plant, Los Angeles, 6@8c
per lb; Green Peppers, Safg'nOc per box; do, from
Los Angeles, 8c per,lb; Dried Peppers, 9@llc;
Carrots. 25@35c per box; Cucumbers, 75c; Sum
mer Squash, 75c@$l 25; Ga/lic, 4®5c per lb;
Marrowfat Squash, $10<812 per ton; Mushrooms,
5@15c oer lb. .
POTATOES— River Reds, 75@85c; Burbanks,
35<g50c for River and 90c®$l 15 per ctl for Sa
linas and C5c(g$l 10 for Oregon; Sweets, 35@50c
for River and 75®80c for Merced.
ONIONS— H 3-Hil 50 per ctl; cut, $1 per sack;
Oregons. $1 50@l 60 per ctl. ¦
' There is nothing new in any of- the markets
under this head. The. supply of everything
about balances the demand.
Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables.
BEANS— Bayos, $2 65@2 75; Small White, $40
4 20; Large White, $3|f3 20: Pink, $2®2 15; Red,
$3<fi'3 25; Blackeye. $3; Limaa, $5 35; Pea,
$404 25; Red Kidney, $3 75@4 per ctl.
SEEDS— Brown Mustard, nominal; Yellow
Murtard, nominaj; Flax, $2 50@2 75; Canary"!
EV4c per lb for California and 4c for Eastern;
Alfalfa, 7H©9\ic; Rape, 2!4@3c; Hemp, 4@4Hc;
Tlmnthy. 4'&4Vic.
DRIED PEAS— Niles, $1,75S?2 25; Green, $2 75
g3 per ctl ; Blackeye, $1 75@2 25.
All descriptions of Beans remain as before.
The demand Is quiet. Dried Peas show some
change.
MIDDLINGS— $16 50^19 50 per ton.
FEEDSTUFFS— Rolled Barley, $16@17 per
ton: Oilcake Meal at the mill. $25@2«; Jobbing,
$25 50; Cocoanut Cake. $17018; Corn Meal. $26®
26 50; Cracked Corn, S28 50@27; Mixed Feed, $15
@16.
HAY — Volunteer. $5(g8; Wheat. $ll!frl3 50;
Wheat and Oat, $10<S12 50; Oat. $9®12; Clover,
nominal; Alfalfa, $S<g9 50; Barley, $7 50(59 50
per ton.
STRAW— 3o(g47i4c per bale.
Beans and Seeds.
Bran continues very firm, with a rising ten
dency. Hay is also firm and tending upward.
Some changes in Feedstuffs will be observed.
BRAN— $14 50@15 50 per ton.
Hay and Feedstuff s.
FLOUR— California Family Extras, $3 35®
3 50. usual terms; Bakers' Extras, J3J503 25;
Oregon, *2 75®2 85 per barrel for family and
j: 75@3 for bakers'; Washington, bakers',
$2 750*.
MILLSTUFFS— Prices in sacks are as fol
lows usual discount to the trade: Graham
Flour, *3 per 100 lbs; Rye Flour, J2 75; Rye
Meal $2 60; Bice Flour, J7; Corn Meal, {2 75;
extra' cream do, $3 50; Oat Groats, $4 50; Hom
iny $3 50@3 75; Buckwheat Flour, |4@4 25;
Cracked Wheat, $3 50; Farina, $4 50; Whole
Wheat Flour, $3 25; Rolled Oats (barrels). $6®
7 25- In sacks, J5 75@7; Pearl Barley. $5;- Split
Peas, $5; Green Peas, $5 50 per 100 lbs.
Flour and Millstuffs.
Informal Session— 9:15 o'clock— No sales.
Second Session— No sales.
Regular Morning Session— May— 2000 ctls, 7oc;
6000. 75Hc. December— 6000, 75c
Afternoon Session— May— 2000 ctls, 75c. De
cember-6000. 74Hc
OATS— Red are almost completely cleaned
up. Black are the most active description at
the moment, being In first-rate demand. White
are also firm. Offerings of all kinds are light.
White, $1 30@l 60; Surprise, nominal; Ked,
$1 25@1 40; Gray, nominal; Black, for feed,
$112^0120: for seed, $1206130 per ctl.
CORN— The market is dull and prices are
weak, as will be seen. California Yellow. $1 15
©117%; California White, $1 12V4®1 15; Eastern
Yellow, U1S; White, U 12V4®1 15; Eastern
mixed, Jl 12Htl 15 per ctl.
RYE— 85@9uc per ctl."
BUCKWHEAT— Quoted at $1 75@2 per CtL
Informal Session— 9:15 o'clock— May— 10.000
ctls $iwy.; 14.000, $104%. December, 1901— 2C00,
J109%: 2000. 8109%.
Second Session— May-4000 ctls, $1 04^.
Regular Morning Session— May— 12,000 ctls,
$1 04}i. December— 20OO, S8c. December, 1901—
20CO $109H: 6000. Jl 09^.
Afternoon Session— May— 4000 ctte, «1 04%; 10,
000 ?104%; 2000, U 04V*. December— 2000, 93%c.
BARLEY— The market shows no change
worthy of note, being firm, but quiet.
Feed, 77V-C for choice bright, 15c for No. 1
and 67Vi©7ZV-c for off grades; Brewing and
Shipping gra'des, 80@S5c; Chevalier, nominal.
CALL BOARD SALES.
CALL BOARD SALES.
"WHEAT— Liverpool was quiet, but steady.
Paris futures were lower. New York declined.
Broomhall cabled that the British officials es
timate set the crop in Great Britain at 62,639,000
bushels, aealjist 65.529,000 In 1S99.. The sea
board clearances of Corn during the past three
days foot uj> 8.000,000 bushels.
Chicago opened weaker on lower cablee. St.
Louis sold freely and the demand was moder
ate. There was a better demand for flour,
however, 100,000 barrels having been sold on
¦Wednesday, rnost of It for export. The Cin
cinnati Price Current reported the wheat crop
in good condition. At first off there was no
pressure of Ions wheat, but toward the close
some of the bulls got tired and began .to dump
their holdlncs on the market.
In the local market both spot and future
prices were lower.
Spot Wheat-Shipping. 97Vjc; Milling, 1 02«i
1 05 per ctl.
Wheat and Other Grains.
Sterling Exchange, 60 days — 4 82V4
Sterling Exchange, sight - 4 86%
Sterling Cables — * 8- ft
New York Exchange, sight — 5
New York Exchange, telegraphic — 7J4
Fine Silver, per ounce — 84^4
Mexican Dollars, nominal 50H O 51
Exchange and Bullion.
PAN FRANCISCO. Dec. C— 5 p. m.
The following are the seasonal rainfalls to
date as compared with those of the same date
last s*-aj«or.. and rainiajls in the last twenty
[our hours:
J Feat her Report.
•"Dried fruits generally show little activity.
The California raisin eituation. en the whole,
is not reaseurjng, in t-pite of the fact that
feme prnfer* 10 see an improving outlook, both
on the ej>ot and on the coast. Goods on the
F;«'t are Ftiil to be had considerably under
the association prices. Leyers and clusters
teem to be in a liad way, some large lots of
p ods that have* l»-?t»n t;-jt-ctpd being offered at
vtTf low figure?. Offers of Sultana raisins are
r»"iiorted frvin the coast at from l&'l'ic under
o;>ening prices. Prunes on the spot are in fair
demand, 60-7us being scarce and most wanted.
New daips arc firm ur.d selling well. Evap
orated apples are weak. Currants are steady."
"The market on Sk-'ly filberts holds firm at
ll^c. and Uerrjond continues good. The Largo
Bay pot In yesterday » ith a fair quantity, but
dot enough to cause prices to decline. Spot
stocks are raiher light, even taking into ac
count the new arrivals. Brazils are advanc
ing, owing t» scarcity of stocks. Some sales
»<-re hearJ of at OigC for medium early in
the day, b'jt later holders asked as high as
U.'ijC for medium and l' lJ 2C for large.
Mall advices from New York say: "Arrivals
cf nearly 20C0 bags .\ni slightly less than 1200
T>ales of malr.uts yesterday from Bordeaux and
Havre appreciably relieved the situation on
these jrood*. and the market immediately re-
Rposded with E'.lght'y lower prices. Although
a large part of the seods were sold to arrive.
:air lots of both cli and new Grenobles were
cff< > re<3 yesterday. Old Grcr.obles are now
quoted at IHic For new 12c is asked and
h<-m? bnsiacfc "*as reported at 12V4c.
Xuts and Raisius in Xczv York.
Treasure Shipment.
The IClppon Maru took out a treasure list of
S;r.£76. conslfctlng of $173,631 in Mexican dol
lars, J17S5 in gold ecln. J1000 in gold dust and
$€1.4C>0 In silver bullion.
NEW YORK. Dec. . 5.— The Commercial Ad
vertiser's London financial cablegram says:
The markets | here were moderately active and
cheerful to-day. It Is understood the present
session of Parliament Trill authorize no new
London Market.
WASHINGTON, Dec; 6. — To-day's statement
of the treasury balances In the general fund,
exclusive of the $150,000,000 gold reserve in the
itlvision of redemption, chows: Available cash
balance. J137.465, 627; gold. JS5.998.S97.
Condition of the Treasury.
NEW YORK, Dec 6.— Money on call firm at
<054 per cent; last loan, 0 per cent. Prime
mercantile paper, 4*4 per cent. Sterling ex
change heavy, with actual business In bank
ers' bills at $4 85%@4 &GS4 for demand and at
14 814 tor sixty day*; posted rates, $4 824<5'
4 Sfi>,»: commercial bills, $4 S0*4(r4 81. Sliver
certificates. C4@65c. Bar silver, 644c. Mexican
dollars. 5O*4e. Government bonds, weak; State
bonds, Inactive; railroad bonds, strong.
A T ezv York Money Market.
Do 5s 120*4 ] St P C 4- P lsts. ..119%
C & N con 7s 139KJ Do Es 121*4
Do S F Deb 5s. .US Southern Pac 4s... S2»i
Chic Term 4s 93V4 j Southern Ry 6s 112%
Colorado Sou 4s.... S4 i Stand It & T 6s... 70
D ft R G 4s lOlVi |Tex & Pac lsts. ...114
Erie Gen 4s 78*4) Do 2ds 78
F W & D C lsts.. 77»i!Unlon Pac 4s 107*4
General Elec Ss....l39 Wabash lsts 116%
Iowa Cent lsts 114 Do 2ds 106
L & N t*nl 4s 101 West Shore 4s US
M K & T 2ds 71*4 WIs Cen lsts........ 87
" Do 4s 934 Va Centuries 92*i
MINING STOCKS. "
Brunswick lllOntario 6 00
Chollar lOiOphlr eo
Crown Point 10, Plymouth 10
Con Cal & Va 15; Quicksilver 1 25
Deadwood CS I Do prefd 7 00
Gould & Curry 47'Slerra Nevada 24
Hale & Norcross.. 15 Standard 2 90
Homeetake 65 00 Union Con 17
Jron Silver 80 Yellow Jacket 20
Mexican 15
Do 6s reg 113 j Or Short Line 6S...127V4
Do 5s coup 113 ) Do con 5s 117>$
Dl? of Col 3.63s.. .124«i [Reading Gen 4s.... 914
Atchison gen 4s. ...102*1, ;R G W lsts 1004
Do adj 4s 8S4 ! St L & I M con 5s.ll3'4
Canada Sou 2ds....lOS% 1 St L & S F gen 6s. 128*4
Ches & Ohio 4V4S..104 ' St Paul con 174
200 Colorado Southern 1st prefd 43
Colorado Southern 2d prefd 17H
3.330 Delaware & Hudson. ...115%
2,400 Delaware, Lack & 'Western 163
16,100 Denver & Rio Grand© 25%
31,000 Denver & Rio Grande prefd 79%
26.200 Erie lgu
E0.400 Erie 1st prefd 455,
100 Great Northern prefd ,179
Hocking Ccal 15«
400 Hocking Valley 38*4
200 Illinois Central 124'4
300 Iowa Central * 1914
200 Iowa Central prefd 45
300 Lake Erie & Western 36
100 Lake Erie & Western prefd 107
Lake Shore 212H
4,100 Louisville & Nashville 83
17,400 Manhattan Elevated 10S&4
700 Metropolitan Street Railway 167
Mexican Central 13 i
1,200 Minneapolis & St LoulR 65
200 Minneapolis & St Louis prefd 99»i I
4,000 Missouri Pacific 6S% !
300 Mobile & Ohio 41^ |
100 Missouri, Kansas & Texas 13
7.«xy) Missouri. Kansas & Texas prefd 37 7 » !
1.600 New Jersey Central 14«H
5.160 Xew York Central 142H I
3.300 Norfolk & Western 42H |
100 Norfolk & Western prefd 81
14.700 Northern Pacliic 70%
3,100 Northern Pacific prefd 82Vi !
11,400 Ontario & Western 25H
Oregon Ry & Navigation * 82
Oregon Ry & Navigation prefd 76
16.1(0 Pennsylvania 14254,
27.S00 Reading »>*»
47.600 Reading let prefd 63+4
7.100 Reading 2d prefd - 31%
Rio Grande Western 65 |
Rio Grande Western prefd 94H j
2.200 St Louis & San Francisco 1 19Vi
2C0 Pt Louis & San Fran 1st prefd 76
2.K00 St LouU & San Fran 2d prefd 47fi
1.000 St Louis. Southwestern 15^i
6,100 Ft Louis, Southwestern prefd 3SH
15,400 St Paul 126%i
100 St Paul prefd 177
St Paul & Omaha 120
25,400 Southern Pacific 41%
26.800 Southern Railway IS
9.300 Southern Railway prefd 6i«i
6.200 Texas & Pacific 2C*i
17.900 Union Pacific 71>i
2.1M Union Pacific prefd 81 J
15.200 Wabash ?U '.
14.7W Wabash prefd 22«A j
1.200 Wheeling A L E 10*» |
2.200 Wheeling & L E 2d prefd 2<S i
600 Wisconsin Central W4 I
3,100 Third Avenue 1H
MO Raltimore & Ohio prefd *i\ !
8.000 National Tube 60% j
300 National Tube prefd 103 |
Express Companies —
Adams KO
American 160
£00 United States 50
Well* Fargo 132
Miscellaneous —
300 American Cotton Oil 30V4 i
American Cotton Oil prefd S3 !
100 American Malting 5 j
American Malting prefd 25«» i
3.iro American Smeltins & Ret 53
300 American Smelting & Ref prefd 96
American Spirits 1'4 <
American Spirits prefd 17
S.200 American Steel Hoop 28
100 American Steel Hoop prefd 76 ,
19.1*0 American Steel & Wire 42T» ;
1 9<X> American Steel & Wire prefd S6 j
1.500 American Tin Plate 42*4 I
100 American Tin Plate prefd S7V* j
5.200 American Tobacco K*H
American Tobacco prefd .....130 ,
6.»X> Anaconda Mining Co 47*4 j
1S.500 Brooklyn Rapid Transit 70^4
2.7C0 Colorado Fuel & Iron WH£ 1
4.50O Continental Tobacco 344 j
400 Continental Tobacco prefd 91
19.900 Federal Steel 49%;
2<X) Federal Steel prefd 76 ;
600 General Electric 166
BOO Glucose Sugar 52*4 !
Glucose Sugar prefd 100 j
2C0 International Paper 23 !
1O0 International Paper prefd 72V4
100 I-rfidede Gas 70
200 National Biscuit 37*4
National Blecult prefd 9U4
National Lead lSVi
National Lead prefd 92>4
1.2C0 National Steel 34V»
200 National Steel prefd 93
2"0 New York Air Brake 167
2,500 North American 19
Pacific Coast 5S
Pacific Coast 1st prefd 85
Pacific Coast 2d prefd 67
300 Pacific Mail 4?U
7,500 People's Ga« 9S?i
300 Pressed Steel Car 49
300 Pressed Steel Car prefd S3%
COO Pullman Palace Car..: 199
Standard Rope & Twine 5V4
49,100 Sugar 125%
ino Sugar prefd 116
30.500 Tennessee Coal & Iron 64
14,900 United States Leather 13
000 United States Leather prefd 75>-4
6,200 United States Rubber 29
100 United States Rubber prefd 83*;
300 Western Union K2',g
1,000 Republic Iron & Steel 15**
200 Republic Iron & Steel prefd 64*4
P C C & St Louis 57
1S.S00 Amalgamated Copper 92 .
762.200 Shares sold.
CLOSING BONDS.
U S 2s ref reg 1044 . N Y Cent lsts 109%
do coup 105 |N J Cent een 5s. ..127
Do Ss reg 109*4 1 Northern Pac 3s.".. 70'4
Do 3s coup 109*; ! Do 4s 105
Do new 4s reg.... 137*4 ' N Y C & St L 4S..1O7V4
Do new 4s coup.. 137**! N & W con 4s SS>4
Do old 4s reg 114*4' Or Nav lsts Ill
Do old 4s coup...lla»4 i Do 4s 102\
LOCAL MARKETS.
NEW TORK, Dec. 6.— The demand for evap
orated apples was from hand-to-mouth char
acter, but, however, as the supply continues
light the market retains Its firm undertone at
fully sustained prices. State common was
quoted from 4'ffoc: prime, 4%iT5Uc; choice, 5H
©6c; fancy, 6i&7c.
California dried fruits were inactive but
pteady at nominally unchanged prices. Prunes
were quoted from 3H®8'4c.
APRICOTS— Royal. lKgHc; Moorpark. 15©16c.
PEACHES— Peeled. 16<g-20c; unpeeled, 6@9c.
DRIED FRUIT.
COFFEE— Futures closed quiet, with prices
6 points net lower. Total sales, 22,250 bags.
December. 6.00c; January, 6.10c; March, 6.30c;
May, G.40c; August, 6.60c; September, 6.53c; Oc
tober, 6.60. Spot coffee — Rio barely steady; No.
7 invoice, TUc: Cordova, 8*4@13Uc.
SUGAR — Quiet; fair refining. 3 ll-16c : centri
fugal, 96 test, 4 9-15cMnolas3es sugar, 3 ll-16c;
reflned. steady.
BUTTER— Receipts, 3206 packages; State
creamery. lS@26c; June creamery, 18(g 1 23Hc;
factory. l^lSHc.
EGGS— Receipts, 6038 packages; firm; "West
ern regular packing at mark, 22@26Hc; West
ern loss off, 29c.
WOOL- Quiet.
HIDES-Steady.
™w YORK, Dec. 6.— FLOUR— Receipts, 27.
964 barrels; exports, 8156 barrels; sales, 7500
packages. Market was less active and a shade
easier without actual change.
WHEAT— Receiptsr 44,400 bushels; exports,
114.700 bushels; sales, 2,320,000 bushels futures,
80,000 bushels spot. Spot, steady; No. 2 red.
i^A. 0 - £• afloa t: No. 2 red, TTftc elevator;
r*o. 1 Northern Duluth. 83c t. o. b. aHoat; No
1 har# Duluth, 87%c f. o. b. afloat. Options
lost a good part of their recent Improvement
to-day under disappointing foreign advices and
local unloading, Northwestern selling, a lib
eral Interior movement, poor speculative de
mand and light clearances. The depression
lasted about all day. closing market weak at
»45fTic net decline. January, 77%®78%c: closed
7.T»c: March, 79%®80%c; closed, 79T4c; May.
i:^®.' 9 15-16c;_ closed, 7»V4c; December, 77%®
HOPS-Quiet! '
New York Grain and Produce.
INSURANCE STOCKS.
Firem's Fund.227^4 — 1
BANK STOCKS.
Anglo-Cal Ltd. 74 75 iFirst Natlonal.299 305
Bank of Cal...4U9 — Lon P & A....143H —
CalSD & T. — 105H ' Merchants' Ex 16 IS
SAVINGS BANKS.
Ger S & L, —1900 Sav A L, So... — 81
Hum S & L... — — Sec Sav BK...260 —
Mut Sav Bk... 60 — Union T Co.... — —
S F Sav Un...52O —
STREET RAILROAD STOCKS.
California 129 130% O S L * H... SS 46%
Geary-st — 50 Presidio 17 "
Market-st .... 69^ — 1
POWDER STOCKS.
California — 160 Vigorit »% *%
Giant Con Co. S5% SStt
SUGAR STOCKS.
Hana S P Co. 7>i IW Kllauea S Co. 20% 21J4
Haw C & S Co 90 — Makaweli S Co 41% 41f»
Honokaa S Co. 31U 31% Onomea S Co. 2SVi gji
Hutch S P Co. 23=i 2S Paauhau S Co. 32H 32Va
MISCKM.,\XEOUb STOCKS.
Al Pack Assn.l24H123 Pac A f A... 2«4 —
Cal Fruit Asn.103 105 Pac C Bor Co. — —
Mer Kx *s-n.. »! 1C0 Par 1'aint Co.. 12*4 —
Oceanic 8 C0..IM -
Morning Session.
Board—
20 Alaska Packers' Association 12* 73
60 Giant Powder Con -. So 25
30 Hutchtnson S P Co 25 75
55 Kilauea S P Co 21 00
25 Market Street Railway "0 00
' 10 Market Street Railway 69 50
15 Market Street Railway 69 15
$4000 Oakland Water 5s 1W 50
210 Oceanic S S Co 104 00.
20 Onomea Sugar Co 20 CO
160 S F Gaa & Electric Co 48 75
7 Spring Valley Water 91 00
Street—
25 Giant Powder Con 65 25
25 S F Gas & Electric Co 46 75
Afternoon Session.
¦ Board—
40 Equitable Gas 3 15
150 Hutchlnson S P Co 25 T5
150 Kllauea B P Co 20 87H
15 Market Street Railway 69 23
5 Market Street Railway 69 SO
25 Oceanio S S Co ~ 104 CO
200 Onomea Sugar Co 28 75
200 S F Gas & Electrlo Co, ¦ 80 46 75
Street— -
55 Alaska Packers' Association 124 75
5 Bank of California 410 00
B0 Hawaiian Com'l & Sugar 90 00
10 Market Street Railway 69 25
10 Oceanic S S Co 104 00
60 Vigorit Powder S 37%
PRODUCERS' OIL EXCHANGE.
Morning Session.
. Board —
S50 Cala-Standard 40
190 Cala-Standard 33
500 Caribou 63
2 Hanford ....120 00
ICO Hanford-Fresnc-Kern River 33
100 Hanford-Kresno-Kera River 35
200 Home Oil 4 40
S Kern River — 17 00
200 Occidental of W Va 69
10 Oil City Petroleum — 83 75
2100 Petroleum Center 13
3250 Petroleum Center -. 19
200 West Shore — 3 25
Afternoon Session.
Board—
200 Cala-Standard _...— S3
1C0O Cala-Standard. b 30 _. 41
730 Cala-Standard 40
100 Caribou 87
672 Four Oil Co ¦ 42
500 Hanford-Fresno-Kern River S3
120 Home Oil 4 40
2000 Independence .....¦¦. 20
5 Kern Oil Co 9 00
25 Kern River -.. 17 25
20 Kern River 17 M
800 Monarch of Arizona 33
200 Occidental of W Va- 70
6500 Petroleum Center — .'. -. 18
6000 Petroleum Center -- 17
200 Reed Crude Oil Co 4»
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
THURSDAY, Dec 8—3:30 p. m.
Shipment of $23"/,8j6 to China.
Wheat quotations fall back again.
Bran tending upward. Hay firm, but -no higher.
Beans and Seeds quiet.
Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables about as before.
Butter and Eggs vioz-e up another fraction. Cheese firm.
Turkeys scarce and firm. Other Poultry neglected.
Game continues lozv in spite of cold weather.
Fresh and Dried Fruits very quiet.
Xo further change in Provisions.
Meat market lightly supplied and very firm.
Oats firm and in light supply.
Corn lower and quiet.
Silver and Exchange as before.
LONDON Dec. 6.— Atchison. 4tH4; Canadian
Pac flc. 89; Lnlon Pacific prefd. 83%; Northern
Pacific prefd, 84M-; Grand Trunk. 6%; Ana
conda, 10»4. Bar silver, steady, 29 13-16d per
ounce; money, 2@2% per cent.
CLOSING.
It was reported that the exchequer bonds
have been taken mainly by Government de
partments, thus assisting the money market.
Government loans, but merely vote a supple
mentary estimate, leaving to the February
session the exercise of fresh borrowing powers.
A severe Ftorm Interrupted cable communica
tion with Paris, which perhaps accounted for
the steadiness of Tlntos. New York meanwhile
bought Anacondas.
The American department was good all day,
the activity being, however, mainly on orders
w m r a I.°/ k ' Erle lssues led buoyantly
but London did little, distrusting the rumor of
buying by Mew York Central. and Pennsylva-
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
FOR THURSDAY. DECEMBER 6.
Flour, qr sks..... 2S.G80|Llme, bbls 91
Wheat, ctls 4,310 Brandy, gals L25O
Barley, ctls.. 5,690 Powder, cars...., 1
Oats, ctls 300 Leather, rolls.... 59
Corn, ctls 690 Tallow, ctls....... 473
Rye. ctls - 340 Hides, No 12$
Potatoes, sks..... 5,831 Wine, gala 43,150
Onions, sks 575 Pelts, bdls 30
Bran, sks 16S Cheese, ctls....... 183
Middlings, sks... 423; Quicksilver, flsks 23
Beans, sks 1.250 Butter, ctls 519
Hay, tons 3S8 Eggs, doz 9,870
Wool, bales 59
OREGON.
Flour, qr sks 2,980! "
Receipts of Produce.
Grain Bags, June and July, 6%c; Wool Bags,
28V4®32V4c; Fleece Twine. 7%c; Fruit Bags,
6H®6%c for white and S&<gS%c for bleached
Jute.
COAL— Wellington. $9 per ton; Southfield
Wellington, $9; Seattle, $7; Bryant, $7; Coos
Bay, $5 50; Wallsend, $9; Co-operative Wall
send, $9; Cumberland, $12 in bulk and $13 25 In
sacks; Pennsylvania Anthracite Egg, $14; Can
nel, $12 per ton; Coke, $15 per ton in bulk and
$18 in sacks; Rocky Mountain descriptions, $3 45
per 2000 lbs and $8 50 per ton, according to
brand.
SUGAR— The Western Sugar Refining Com
pany quotes, per lb. in 100-lb bags:
Crushed. 6.15c; Powdered, 5.75c: Candy Gran
ulated, 5.75c; Dry Granulated, 6.65c; Confec
tioners' A. 5.65c; Magnolia A, 5.25c; Extra C.
5.15c; Golden C, 5.05c; barrels, 10c more; half
barrels, 25c more; boxes, 50c more; 50-lb bags,
10c more. No orders taken for less • than 75
barrels or its equivalent. Domlnos, half-bar
rels, 6.40c; boxes, 6.63c per lb.
BAGS— San Quentln Bags, $5 65; Calcutta
General Merchandise.
Prices for everything stand as before, but
supplies are light and the tone of the market
is very firm.
BEEF— 7®Sc for Steers and 6@6V4c per lb for
VEAL— Large, 8$9c; small, 9@10c per lb.
MUTTON— Wethers. S@9c; Ewes, 8®8%c per
pound.
LAMB-^9©10c per lb
PORK— Live Hoes, 5%o for small and 5%c for
medium and 5%@5%c for large; stock Hogs and
feeders, 5@5Vic; dressed Hogs, 7Vt@S%0.
There is nothing new under this head.
HIDES AND SKINS-Culls and brands sell
about lc under quotations. Heavy ealted
Steers, 10c; medium, 9c; • light. 8^4c: Cow
hides, 9c for heavy and 8%c for light; Stags,
6Hc; Salted Kip, 9^4c; Salted Veal, 9ftc; Salted
Calf, 10c; Dry Hides, 16c; culls, 14c; Dry Kip,
16c; Dry Calf. 16®17c; culls and brands,
14c; Sheepskins, shearlings, 20@S0c each; short
Wool, aOijfoOo each: medium. 60®S5c; long Wool,
75c©$l each: Horse Hides, salt, tt 50 for large
and $2 for medium, $1 50 for small and 50c for
colts; Horse Hides, dry, $1 75 for large, $1 50
for medium, $1 25 for small and 25®50c for colts.
Deerskins— Summer or red skins. 35c; fall or
medium skins, 30c; winter or thin skins, 1*1/4®
20c. Goatskins— Prime Angoras. 75c; large and
smooth, BOc; medium, 35c.
TALLOW— No. 1 rendered, 4@4^4c per lb; No.
2, 3%c; grease, 2@2He. -
WOOL— Spring Clip is quotable as follows:
Northern, free, 15@16c; Northern, defective, 12
@14c; Middle County, free, 14®16c; Middle
County, defective, 12@14c; Southern Mountain
12 months'. 9©10c; Southern Mountain, free, 7
months'. 11012c; Southern 'Mountain, defective.
7 months', 9@llc: Humboldt and Mendocino.
I€<gl7c: Nevada. 13@16c per lb.
Fall Clip — San Joaquln, 6%@8c; do lambs, 8
©()¦¦•• Middle County. S@10c; Northern Mountain,
free 10©Uc; Southern Mountain, 7H@Sftc;
Humboldt and Mendocino, 12013c per lb.,-
HOPS— 12@16c per lb. .
San Francisco Meat Market.
Hides, Tallow, Wool and Hops.
CURED MEATS— Bacon. ll@llV4c per lb for
heavy, ll%@12c for light medium, 12V4@13c for
light. 13V4@Hc for extra light and 15®15«c for
sugar-cured; Eastern sugar-cured Hams, ll%c;
Mess Beef. $12 50 per barrel; extra Mess, $13;
Family, $14; extra Prime Pork. $18; extra
clear. $19 50; Mess, $17; Smoked Beef, 13c per
pound.
LARD— Tierces quoted at 6%c per lb for com
pound and 9Vic for pure; half-barrels, pure
9%c; 10-lb tins, 10c; 5-lb tins, 10%c.
COTTOLENE— One-half barrels. 8%c; three
half -barrels. S^ic: one tierce, SMiC; two tierces,
8c; five tierces, 7%o per lb. f
Provisions.
'• FRUITS— Prunes, Santa Claras, 4 sizes, Sc;
40-503. 7c; 50-60s, s»£c; 6O-70S. 3%c; 70-SOs, 3%c;
80-90s..2%c; 90-100s, 2Hc; 100s and over, 2c; ru
bles," %c premium : Sonomas, ' He and San Joa
quins, >*c less than Santa Claras, except. 100s
and over, which stand the same. Apricots, 6@
8c for Royals and lOglO'ic ¦ for Moorparks;
Evaporated Apples, tig 6c: sun-dried. 3%@4%c;
Peaches, 4@6o for standard, 5@6c for choice
and 6%©7c for fancy; Pears. 2® 7c: Plums,
pitted, h<&&Ac; unpitted, l@lHe: Nectarines, 5®
5%c for red and 5%<g6c for white.
RAISINS— The Raisin Growers' Association
has established the following prices for the
season of 1900: Bleached Thompson's fancy. 12c
per lb; choice, lie; standard. 8%c; prime, 8c;
unbleached 'Thompson's, 9c per lb. Sultanas-
Fancy, lOVic per lb; choice, 9%c; standard, 8%c;
prime, 8c; unbleached Sultanas, 8c; Seedless,
CO-lb boxes,. 6V4c; 4-crown, 7c; London Layers, 2
crown. Jl B0 per box; 3-crown, 1160; Fancj
Clusters, $2; Dehesa, {2 60; Imperial, $3. All
prices f. o. b. at common shipping points In
California. .;
NUTS— Chestnuts, '6@7c per lb for California
and 12c, for Italian: Walnuts, No. 1 soft
shell, lie; No. 2. 8c; No. 1 hardshell, 10c; No. 2,
7%c; Almonds, 12@13c for papershell, 9@llo for
eoftshell ;~ Peanuts. 5Q6c for Eastern; Brazil
Nuts, 13c; Filberts, 13c; Pecans, ll@13o; Cocoa
nuts. $3 50©5.
HONEY-Comb. 13%@14%c for bright and 12%
©13c for light amber; water white, extracted,
7%@Sc; light amber, extracted, 6V4@7c; dark,
6®€\4c per lb.
BEESWAX— 24326c per lb.
GRAPES— 25@75c per box and crato.
CITRUS FRUITS— Navel Oranges. $1 25@2 50;
Seedlings, *l@l 75; Tangerines, $1 25@1 50; Jap
areee Mandarins, 11 K©2; Lemons. 25c©51 2o
for common and $1 50©2 75 for good to choice:
Grape Fruit, Jl 50@2 50; Mexican Limes. J4@
4 50: California Limes. 25033c: Bananas. »t 25
@2 50 per bunch; Pineapples, $1@2 per dozen.
Dried Fruits, Nuts 'and Raisins.
Persimmons are In excessive supply and
weak. Apples and Pears are as previously
quoted. Arrivals of berries are extremely light.
The cold weather is against Oranges," Lemons
and Limes, and they are dull. Grapes are
hard to sell from the same cause.
DECIDUOUS FRUITS
APPLES—30® 60c per box for common and
65c@$l for good to choice; Spitzenbergs. 7oc@
tl 25; Oregon Spitzenbergs. $1@1 25.
PF.ARS- 75e4i*l 50 per box.
PERSIMMONS— 33@65c per box.
CRANDEKRIES-Jerseys. $10011: Cape Cod.
$13013 50 per barrel spot and $12 to arrive; Coos
Bay, $2 5002 75 per box.
STRAWBERRIES— ?4@7 per chest for large
berries. • "• • ¦ • -
Toung America, 13@13#c; Eastern, 16c; West
ern. 13V4@14Hc per lb. . M ' ,
EGGS— Store. 30@33c: Ranch. 36@38« for fair
and 39@42%c per dozen for good to choice;
Eastern, 22V4@30c.
and Citrus Fntits.
WASHINGTON.
TACOMA, ' Dec. 6.— WHEAT — Quiet and
steady; blue stem, 55c: club. ' Sic
PORTLAND, Dec. a— There was very little
wheat selling to-daj'. buyers refusing to meet
the changed conditions of the market and hold
ing Tor the prices which were paid a^few days
ago. Quotations are to a large extent nomi
nal. 53H@04c being generally quoted for Walla
Walla.
Cleared— Norwegian bark St. Jorn for Queens
town with 93.672 bushels of wheat.
Foreign wheat exports from Portland for the
week endlne to-day were 324,751 bushels.
OREGON,
Northern Wheat Market.
Portland's Business.
PORTLAND. Or., Dec. "6.— Clearings, $468,378;
balances. $35,920. .
NEW YORK, Dec. 6.— The cotton market was
quiet and unchanged ¦ to-day.
New York Cotton Market.
"WHEAT— Spot No. 1 California, steady, 6s
2%d; No. 2 red Western winter, firm, 6s. %d;
No. 1 Northern spring. 6s 3d. Futures, quiet;
December. 5s ll'.id; March, Cm %d.
CORN— Spot, firm; American new, 4s l%d.
Futures, steady; December, 4s %d; January,
3s 10%d; March, 3s 9%d. „ ,
CLOSING.
cargoes on passage, quiet and steady; cargoes
r*o. 1 Standard California, 30s; cargoes Walla
Walla. 29s 6d; English country markets, dull.
» LIVERPOOL, Dec. 6.— Wheat, steady, No. 1
Standard California, 6s 2V4d@6s 3%d; wheat la
1'arlB, barely steady: flour In Paris, barely
steady; French country markets, firm; weather
in England,; fair and cloudy.
COTTON— Uplands, 5 9-16d.
TELE SAN": FRANCISCO CALL., FRIDAY, DECEMBER T, 19OO.
67*
10
COMMERCIAL AND FINANCIAL NEWS
S. IM.
T.
W.I T.IF.I 8.
Moon' a Phases.
~1
— I
— I
— —
m
©Full Moon.
December ' 1
;
_
_
2 3 4
I 10 11
8 * 1 7 8 Last Quarter.
| 12 13 I 14 15 December H.
16 17 18 I 19 I 20 21 22 f> NeW Moon>
— [ 1 "^ December 21.
JLJL JLJLLfL JLJL -^ Flrat Quarter.
80 31 11 [ ™ December IS.
STOCK. I Bid. (Asked.
STOCK.
J Bid.
Buckhorn ~ 15 "IS
California-Standard 40 —
Caribou ......-.—. — 88
El Dorado — * 25
Four 43 43
Hanford 120 Q0 —
Home - -.. ?« 4*0
Kern » 00 10 00
Kern River : 17 60 —
UonOUCo. 31 —
McKlttrtck Consolidated 44 47
Monarch of Arizona — S3
Monte Cristo ~ 1 40 1 60
Occidental (of W Va) 70 —
Oil City Petroleum — 33 75
Petroleum Center 17 18
Reed Crude 48 —
San Joaquln O & D Company.. 9 12H » Sift
Twenty-Eight , I 40 I 60
Weetlake . M »1
"Westshore 3 25 3 60
Tukon BO 60
)NS.
I La.
24 H»
itt I This |
ours: Season. ]
I Last
| Season
to
eiE
14.83 i
6.69 i
6.70
... i 5.S5
i 21. U
7.43
7.20
T.76
•• « : ?? ;
Z'.hi
2.K
3.66
... ! 6.T9 '¦
1.70
1.22
S.90
2.51
1.28
RAILROAD TRAVEL.
Santa Fe
Trains— Daily
Leave Market-street Ferry Depot.
Lve San Francisco. 9:00 a m 4:10 p m 8:00 p sa
ix?: Stockton U:W P n 7d5pm U:« p a
•• Merced 2:« P m XM * 2
•• vr.»no ........ 4:30 pm •¦ i:w*n
- filall* ........ «:«> Pt» ' *•-» a n»
- Tulare s:Ilpm 8iW a «a
•• Hsntord R:M p m 7:0« a m
— Bnkerffl.M — J:»P» TJQ»a
•* Denver 10:00 a m '
•• Kansas City... 8:15 p m
. ** Chlcaa-o T:40am < -
' B a. m. train is th« Overland Kzpress. Corro-
¦pondlnc train arrives at 8 p. m. dally.
410 p m. la Stookton LocaL Correspoodln*
train arrives 11:03 a. m. dally.
i-00 D m Is Fresno »nd Bakerofleld Express,
with Sleeping Cars for both cities. Corraspcad-
ln* train arrives at S a. m. Ooily. ¦ '
OFFICES— «41 Market it. and In Ferry Depot*
fiULiranclaco: HIS Droadiray. Oaklaai
MOUNT TAMALPAIS RAILWAY
Leaves San Francisco,' via Sausallto Firry:
WEEK DAYS. ...9:15 a. m.; 1:43 aad 4:09 p. m.
8UNDATS......I:00. 10:00, 11:30 and 1:13 p. m.
: ' Far*. San Fraodsco to Surrmlt and Batons.
II 40. - --
KBW TAVERN OF TAMALPAI3 NOW OPBM.
31ck«t offlcea, tU Market it,. EauaaHto Ferrr,
AUCTION SALES
— . . — p k
£& AUCTION.
TWELFTH AND HARRISON STREETS,
SWITZER'S HORSE MARKET.
THIS DAY.
FRIDAY DEC. 7TH
At 11 a. m.
SEVENTY GOOD, SOUND. YOUNO
HORSES, the property of Jay Harrison of La»-
sen County. Cal.. consisting of soo.l brok»
work, drivine and saddle horses. Three fine
road horses, one a blngle-footer, one pacer;
sorre good draft hcrses. Don't miss this sale.
Xo limit.
BAHBOAD TXLA-VEI^
nocTHKiti i»A«:iri«: cojipajit.
(rAcino •iT.Tricw.')
Train* !»•»»• »«•«! nrm a««»» »o »rrlw» •>•
kan in*jn:i*<«.
(Main Line, Foot of Market Street)
t«*V* — FnOM DgCSMEER L 1900. — AttBlVI
•^:OOABen«ci*. Suisuu. Kiinir*. Tseatllle.
Ramsey »u*l SMiimeatn *7sl!»p
•7iO»a Shns» ExpreM— Da»is, Williaias (for
Bartlett Springs), VTiUowi, Bed
Blutf, Portland. i 7s«F
•7 i3»a Msrtluei, S»n U»iu«in.V»llejo. Naps,
. C»tiat..ga mid S»nr,» Boia *a>lSv
•H:«Oa Davis, Woodland. Knigiita Lsndiosc.
MarT»Ti»e. *>totU1« tl* 4 *
• «ii«o» Atlantic Ki press— <)«den »nd East # a:43»
•»:«OANil8f, Llrermor^ Tr»cy, Lithxop,
Stockton .*Tal3*
• Si:t(»A Sbii Jvse. LWotmore. 8tocktuu.
lone. 8aeTauieuto. PlaoeniUe,
JUrr«»lllB, Cbico, Ue<l Ilin'l •€»•»»
¦MsSOa OakJ*!?', Chinese, Sonora, Cvters... '*'•]%'
•»:O«* H»jw»»Js, Nilee aud Way Sutiont . •! ltl»4
•0:O» v Los Aagelea Exprets — UuUues.
Tr*cy, L»tiirop. htockton, Meroed
Frewia »ud Los Angeles *7>13r
•StSOA TalM». Martinax »u«l War Station* •.¦Ji4.tr
• IOiOOa The OTerUnd Limited— OgJen, Den- r^.ft "I
»er, Omaha. Chicago "•!«! /
¦llt«OA Niles, Stockton, NtcMmento. llsn-
dota. Fresno, llanford, Tbslla,
Forterrlllo «4il3r
*11>OOa IjTermoi«. Banger. Goahsn Juno-
tloa. Bakenfield. Loa Angeles
tliOOp8acr»mmit«)ICl»er3te»niei» {atOO*
•SMMlp Hayward", Nilei »nd VTsj SUtlon*. *»j4Sr
•I:im»p Maitliim, H»u lUmou. Villefo
Xap.i. C*'.i«h.u». .S»ut* Kosa •»»»»*
Mion r Beuida. Wlnt«ra. Hacramsnto,
WcMMlland. KuivhU L»oAlnl.
M»ry*TlHe, OroTlllo if'"!?*
•4i3«f Htjwardi. Mies and San Jose tVOA
•3:00i- >'Lei. LlTermore »nd Stockton • 1O:43a
;3:00r Su-wet Limited, El P»ao. S9W
Orleans and East : «1«s13a
•3i9«plhn Owl Limited— Tracr. Fresno.
BakemSoId. Hau«i«s for Santa Bar-
b»r». Los Aniteles. ••; # JOil»A
•SiOOrKaw Orient Express— B»ker»n«ld,
Santa U*rb»r», Los Angeles. Dem-
Ing. El Paao. New Orloaus and . 7|€S4
•8:«o p BaTwarda,' Sllai aad'saa' "ios» *T* !2 *
fO-.OOr Valiejo •!«»*»*
¦OtOOr Oriental Mall— OgJen, Cnejenn*.
Omaha, Cbicago •i'AZt
•«:«OrOrieoUl Mall— Ogden, DenreT, '"*'_
Omaha. Chicago. *¦"«»»
•7iOOp Oregon and California Kxprrim. ««o-
mncntu. MarysTill«. ne<l«1lng.
rttrtlmiil. Puget Sotmd ami Kask •Sti.ii
»«iO3p8«n Pablo, Port Co«t», Martlnei
and Way StaUons 1V12*
l*i«Sr Vall^n »il843\
COASI DITIHlOa (Sarrow Uauge).
(Foot of Mwrket Street.)
•»:l3ANew»rk,Ceuter»llIe,.SauJoao,Fpltoa,
Bonider Creek.Sauta Orus and Way
Buttons •••3»F
tail Sir Kowark, CenterTllls. 8a» .Ic*#, Na»
Almaden. Feliou, nonldor Ore«k.
Santa Cms aad Priaeipal Way
8tattons fl»«3«* .
Mtl.ip Newark, 8an Jose. Leg Gatos *S>50a |
«1 1:43 p Hunters' Exunnion, San Jos* and "
Way Btatlons X7i%9r
CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
17:15 9.00 ll:00*.M. 1:03 1:90 8-33r.M.
rrtaOilUlg— ful.tBreiiw.j.— 1«:00 t^OO t3:0S
lOiOCl.ll. U:53 2:03 t:C3 *8:03fJ«.
COAST DlitMIM (»ro».l(;an ? e).
(Third mid Townaand SU.)
{0:10a Ocean View, Sooth San Fraaois«n.. t«*:3ttp
•7i««* 8au Jow and Way SUtlons (Ksw
Almadeu Wednesdays only) •!:*»?
•»iOO* Haa Joae. Tics Pinos. 8auia Cms.
Paeille (irore. Paso Robles. Sau
Luis Otilapo, Surf, Lompoo and
.Principal Way SUUoua M:IO?
•¦•>«•* Ban Jose aud Way Stations. •«•.;« t
¦I I1UU4 Han Joae and Way SUtloai •3t3«r
•f3i l»r San Mateo. Redwood. Mento P»rk.
Palo Alto, Santa Clara, dan .lrwe.
Tres Pinos, .Santa Cruz, Salinaj,
Monterey aod 1'aHilc Grors tl*>»<lA
tSiS«p8anJo*aand Way Stations •7j3<»-
f-ttlSpganJoiaandPrincipai Way Stations **>43a
fSt*Or San Joae. Los Gatos and Principal
. Way Stations t»:OO»
•SiSOr San Jo»«an«J Principal Way SUtlOM *S:33a
•«:30r Saa Jose aad Way Station* t*>:*'»A
•Ili43p8an Jogs and Way SUtlons »7»3»p
A for Morning. P for Afternoon.
*Dafly. t Sunday exempted. J bauday only.
f Mondays. Wednesdajm, Fri Jays.
e Tuesdays, Thursdays, Sundays.
a tiaturdayjDnlr.
CALIFORNIA N031WESTEBI! EL CO.
SAN FRANCISCO AND NORTH PACIFIC
RAILWAY COMPANY.
TIBCRON FERRT— FOO* CF maww-ict' ax.
San Francisco to San Rttfael.
WKKK DATS— »:S0. >:00. 11:00 a. m.: 112U, l.W.
1:10, l:SOp. eel ThurBdarys— Extrs> trip at 11:11 •
p. m. Saturdays— Extra trljs at 1M axul «J
11:30 p. ttt. "
6UNDAT6-S:0C S:SO, 11:00 a. m.; 1^0, t:». W«»
6:20 p. m.
6an Rafael to San Francisco.
WEEK DATS— «O0, 7:50. 9:20. 11.10 a. m.; «:+5,
8:40, 6:10 p. m. Saturday*— Extra trip* at 1:54
ana «:K p. m.
SUNDAYS— 8:10, 9:40. 11:10 a. m.; UtO. *:W, 5*5.
• :3S 0- m.
Between San Fxanctsco and Sctra«tzea PaxX
Mm icbaduio aa aJao-vs.
L««vt I In ESect I ArrlT»
San Francisco, f Nov. 7. 1900. I San PrancUoo.
Weak 1 6un- I J dun- I W««k
Days. [ daya. [ Destination. 1 day*. | E»r».
T:30 ara 8:00 am Novato. 10:40 am 8:40 am
8:30 pis 9:30 am Fctalnma, 5:0o pa 10:23 am
1:10 pea S:00 pm Santa Rosa. 7^5 paa t:33 pm
Fulton.
T:»am Windsor. lOJSaa
Healdaburr.
Lytton.
O«yasrTill9.
t:30 pm tJOaM Clov«rdal». 73»pmf-«3>pni
7:30 ami I Hopland I j
I 8:00 am[ * p< * t'klah. | 7:35 pm( t:23 pa
T:30amt •__ ~~~ pO:35an*
S:00am Guernerllla. 7:3ipra
8:80 pml ]__ t-.TSym
7-80 am! 8:00 am Sonoma 9:15 am 8:40 am
and !
B-.10 pm 5:00 pml Glen Ellen, f $zta pm «:g pm '
T-tt am! 8-00 ami 110:40 am 110: 15 am
j :' JO pml 5:00 pml SebaatopoL I 7:35 pm| 1:13 po
'SU(«> connect *t Santa Rosa for Mark West
gortnn and White Sulphur Springs: at Fulton
for Altrurla; at Lytton fe- Lytton Sprtn»s: «
Gtyiirville for Ska«gs s P rt "^-, ** Clorerdal*
for the O-ysers; at Hcrland tor Dnncaa
6torln«», HltfiW Springs, Kelseyvllle. Carls-
bad SprtnBsT Soda Bay, lakeport and Bartlett
SDrtnits- at Yrkiah for Vichy Springs. Sar»to»a
iSrtnla' Blue Lakes. Laursl I>ell Lake. Witter
Iprton. UpperLake. Porno Potter Valley,
JihQ^ay'^ Rlvtnld©. Llerley's. Buckn^l-s.
ESnnedrtn Heights. Hallvllle, Orr"* Hot 3?rlnjrs.
Mendocino CIO'. Fort Braeir. Westport. UsaU
\VifleS.TLartonVile. Cunimlnss. Bell's Sprinsa.
¦Harris Ols«ns, Dyer. Scotia and Eureka. T
Saturday to Monday round-trip Uclwt. at r- 1
dU On d Su a nd 8 ay». round-trip Uekets to all potat*
a^r^ 1 Mar^%^%on,c,. bnu*
t_ — ft. -v. n\Av«,
H. a WHITING. G *°- !*"«• A* 1 -
Gen. Manager.
NORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD.
Via Sausallto Ferry.
Commenclne September 30, 1300.
FROM 8AM FRANCISCO TO MILL VALLKT
AMD SAM RAFAEL.
WEEK DAYS— €.55. "9:15. 11:00 a. m.. «1:43.
8:15. 4:00, 6:15. «:40 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS— For Mill Valley and Saa
Rafael on Mondays. Wednesday* and Sat-
urdays at 9:00 and 11:23 p. m.
SUNDAYS— *3:00. "10:00. «ll:3O aw nu. *1U5,
3:15. -4:45. «:30. 9:00 p. m.
Trains marked (•) run to San Quentln.
FROM SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— 5:20, •*:*). 7:45. 9:30 a. an..
•12J0. 1:43. '3:S0. 4:30. 5:20 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays. Wednesday*
and Saturdays at «:43 and 10:20 p. m.
SUNDAYS^:*). . S :0O. 10:00. «11:45 a. xa^
•1:40. «2:15. 4:43. ««:30 p. m.
Trains marked <•) start from San Quentln.
FROM MILL VALLEY TO SAN FRANCISCO,
WEEK DATS-5:43. s:4S. 7:53. 9:30 a. m^
12-35. 2:10. 3:30. 4:54. 5:M p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays. Wednesdays
and Saturdays at 7:10 and 10:20 p. m.
SUNDAYS-8:05. 10:05 a. in.. 12:05. 2:15, 3:30.
S-00 *:45 P. rn.
* THROUGH TRAINS.
6:53 a. m. -wees: days— Caxadero and way «ta^
tlons.
1:43 p. m. Saturdays— Tomales and way sta-
tions.
8:00 a. m. Sundays— Tomales and way sta-
tions.
y^^K Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
An g"l^F Gtif) HEARST ST. Kstabilshwi
fy^*! *^L«a !n IH3 -* for the treatment t>f I'rivatrt
y/ALpt 'JESI D*'»**-''es. Irf^t ManhfMMl. lability >¦*
wajajt&jtiUpas"' wearingon body and mlm) ailT
•vVHURxg Sk In Diseases. The Doctorcurm wi.en
0 '^" '<"»H. Try him. Thames low.
»T«tHaajy«'iirp« cuaranlfcil. ChII or writs.
l>r. J. y. «JIBBO.\, isan Francisco. CaJL
Weekly Gall, $1 per YearTHREE OF THE LADIES WHO ARE TAKING AN ACTIVE INTEREST
IN THE DOLL SHOW AND ARE DOING A GREAT PART OF THE
HARD WORK.
John R. Craigen's Estate.
The inventory and appraisement of the
estate of the late John R.Craigen was
filed yesterday. -The appraisers find
decedent's estate to be worth $56,098 75.
Police Department Praised.
Chief of Police Sullivan yesterday re
ceived the following congratulatory epis
tle from I. W. 'Hellman, president of the
Union Trust Company of San Francisco:
"I desire to thank the Police Depart
ment and especially the hack inspectors
for their uniform courtesy during the
opera season. The service. this year was
a great improvement - over ¦ that of last
year; in fact, I have never seen a crowd
of carriages better handled. Yours sin
cerely. L W. HELLMAN."
Advance Agent Is Arrested. *
The Dillon & Me Williams Comedy and
hypnotic company is In trouble, and yes
terday a warrant was Issued for the ar
rest of J. W. Cole, the advance agent."
who is accused of embezzling $80 which
the two promoters of the company, J. S.
Dillon and B. P. McWilllams. advanced
him for his expenses In billing the cities
and towns throughout the Sta.te. Dillon,
who gave his address as 324 O'Parrell
street, swore to the warrant for Cole's
arrest before Judge' Mogan yesterday.
Cole was arrested last night.
MESSENGER BOYS MAY
* GO OUT ON A STRIKE
Lads Want More Pay for Each Mes
sage Delivered and Threaten
to Quit Work.
The boys of the American District Mes
senger Company have become dissatisfied
with the wages they are receiving, and a
general strike -is threatened. Yesterday
policemen were stationed in the company's
offices on Market and Sutter streets to
prevent any depredation being committed
by the dissatisfied youths, but their, serv
ices have, thus far not been required.
The messenger boys are being paid at
the rate of six: cents: for every, message
delivered. : They have made a demand for
eight -cents, but as yet the . corporation
has not complied with their request.
Dominicans Celebrate.
A solemn high ma&3 was celebrated yes
terday at 9 o'clock at St. Dominic's
Church In honor of the fiftieth anniver
sary of the arrival of Archbishop Ale
many to California. The late prelate was
at one time a. member of the Dominican
order.. The mass was celebrated by the
Rev.. Father Welch. He was assisted by
the Rev. Fathers O'Rourke and Breen as
deacon and sub-deacon respectively. All
the children of the Dominican Academy
attended the mass. The high altar was
beautifully decorated for the occasion by
the Sisters of St. Dominic and specially
fine musical selections were rendered.
DESERT ED HIS PALS
AFTEB ROBBING THEM
Paldini and Fargnola, Who Are
Wanted Here for Burglary,
Captured in Providence.
Captain of Detectives • Seymour last
night received a dispatch from the Chief
of Police of Providence, R. I., announcing
the arrest there of Eugene Paldini and
Frederlco Fargnola, the two boys who.
with Vincenzo Pescatore, robbed the safe
in a Front-street hotel owned by PaJ
dlni's father and stole about $S00.
Pescatore, who is over 30 years of age,
Induced the boys to .commit the crime.
After taking possession of the amount
taken from the safe, the arch conspira
tor took the two boys to New York, and
then shipped them to Providence. He is
supposed to be on his way, to Italy.
When arrested^the boys were hungry
and penniless. It Is expected that their
relatives will bring them • back.
FINES G. W. O'DONNELL
FOTJR HUNDRED DOLLARS
Federal Court Punishes the Physi
cian, Who Pays the Money to
the United States Marshal.
Dr. George \V. O'Donnell paid to the
United States Marshal yesterday $400
the price of eighty boxes of capsules of
the same kind as the box he sent throuRh
the malls to Postofflce Inspector L. H.
Brlcker alias Mrs. Ida Anderson of Win
nemucca, Nevada. Robert Ferral. tho
attorney for O'Donnell. made a legal plea
for a new trial on the grounds that th.»
federal-court was without Jurisdiction be
cause there was no ocstmark or other
evidence to show that the packet haa
been mailed In the State of California, or
that it had been mailed by Dr. O'Donnell
or at his Instigation: that decoy letters,
such as the one sent by Brlcker to
O'Donnell were against public morals; and
that no such person as "Mrs. Ida Ander
son of Winnemucca. Nevada." existed.
Judge de Haven denied the motion for a
new trial and sentenced the defendant to
pay a fine of $400, and to be Imprisonedtln
the County Jail until the fine should ,%e
paid, which imprisonment under federal
law would be thirty days at the majci
mum. The defendant had $350 on his per
son, and his father. Dr. C. C* O'Donnell,
produced the remaining fifty dollars
necessary to make up the fine.
Immigrants for November.
Statistician Richard Eccleston of the
United States Immigration Bureau re
ports 440 Immigrants as having arrive--!
at this port during November. Of these
139 were tourists and fifty-one wera
women. The nationalities represented by
those other than tourists were: Japan
128: England. 84; Spanish-America. ID;
Mexico. 11: France and Austria, 7 each-
Scandinavia and Pacific Islands, 4 each
and West Indies, 3, and 28 scattering,
making a total of 301 /or California. The
occupations were: 33 farm laborers. 32
merchants, 7 clerks. 34 mariners. 14 labor
ers, 11 miners, 6 engineers and 6 servants
Seven immigrants were denied a landing.
DESPONDENT TAILOR
ATTEMPTS SUICIDE
T. E. Grottaln Swallows Chloroform
Because, It Is Thought, of Quar
i^l With His Sweetheart.
F. E. GrottHln, a tailor, in the employ
of C. T. Sanders, swallowed the contents
of a two-ounce vial of chloroform In an
attempt .to end his life last at his resi
dence, 29 Twelfth street.
Grottaln was taken to the City Re
ceiving Hospital, where Drs. Dray and
Bnclgalupl worked In an effort' to restore
him to consciousness, but without avail.
Grottain's father accompanied him to
the hospital. He said that he knew of
no reason for his son's act. Omer Greer,
who occupied the room with Grottaln,
told the hospital attendants that the last
named when retiring had remarked that
he was about to take a long sleep. Soon
after going to bed he commenced to groan
and complained of severe pains. As he
grew rapidly worse a physician was sent
for and after an examination telephoned
for the hospital ambulance.
Grottaln up to a few days ago had been
keeping company with a young woman.
It Is thought that he quarreled with his
sweetheart and in a moment of despond
ency attempted suicide.
The hospital ambulance broke an axle
on its return soon after leaving Grottain's
home and the City Hall patrol wagon
was sent for to finish the journey, caus
ing quite a delay.
For the Old Soldier.
The entertainment, dance and fish-pond
party given last evening by Seven Pines
Circle No. 3. Ladies of the Grand Army
of the Republic, In aid of its fund for the
relief of soldiers of the Civil War. and
their families who are in distress, was at
tended by a large number of people. The
attendance showed '.hat a call to aid the
old soldiers Is not In vain In San Fran
cisco. There .was an entertaining pro
gramme of musical and literary numbers
and a programme of dances to suit the
old people as well as the young. Mrs. J.
H. Whitesides, president of the circle,
presided during the evening.
' CHRISTIAXIA. Dec 6.— The Nansen
fund, which was» started after the return
nf Dr. Nansen from the Arctic to pro
mote scientific exploration*, now amounts
to one million kroner, and no further col
lections will be made.
Nansen Fund Complete.
SAKTA ROSA. D»c. €.— A demand for
the dismissal of the Ht-tlon of Cora L.
Wkkersham against Fred A. Wickersham
c-t al. presented by the attorneys of the
widow of the late Frank P. Wickersham
v«'«terday afternoon ha* been refused
tiling by the County Clerk. He says the
-defendant had filed a cross-complaint
asking for affirmative roller and the
plaintiff had also filed an ansewer to the
cronF-eorr.plaint. A motion to dismiss pre
viously filed by the plaintiff Is set for
hearing by the court for December S.
Refuses to File Papers.
Th*» Secretary of the Trea.«=urv to-day
F«--nt to Congress a list of the public
buildings upon which it Is necessary that
the limit of cofts should be extended.
Among them is the Oakland building. On
account of a marked rise in the cost of
building: materials an extension of the
limit of cost to $3"0,<XK) is recomended, the
original limit having been $250,000. For
the building at Spattle, Wafh.. a limit of
il.000.uxi Is recommended. Instead of $y>0.-
O-«0. on account of the heavy cost of the
*ite and the great growth of Government
business there.
PenFionf terortl to-day: California—
Original— William H. Meyers. Yreka. $12.
R*-?toration and increase— Ernest Koch
\» itz. - dead. Corona. ?"4. Increase^ — Daniel
Smith. NnrdhofT, S10. Original widows-
Minor of t.Virnellu* Andrews. 1>js Ange
las. $14: AuguFte M. KOBcbwitZ, Corona,
55; Elizabeth 1'hrlandt, San Francisco. JS;
Cornelia K. Bhirland. Sarramento, JS.
Oregon — Inr-reap«» — (.jrfrtrge A. Hlnes.
I.nr*np. J6; John W. Mullen. Bridge. $17
Original widow*— Susan M. Berry, Cor-
$8: Alice Barkhurst, Eilverton, 58.
Washington — EncreUM — Joseph Morri
t»<->n. Woodenvllle. J10.
"Hural free delivr-ry will lv» established
I»er-cmber 15 at Rcdlands. The length
Of the route Is twenty-eight and a half
miies and there are covered twenty
fiuarf mile! 5 . Carrier. C. F*.' Rockwell.
WASHINGTON. Dec. 6.— Postmaster
rr mmf(=Fion<»d: California — Thomas J.
Kiblvrt. Browne Valley.
missioned and Postal Changes.
INTERESTS THE COAST.
Pensions Granted. Postmasters Com-
Licenses to Marry.
OAKLAND. Dec. 0— Licenses to marry
were Ipsvi^d tr>-<1ay to Joe R. Pacheco. 24,
Merced, and Mary V. Deas. 1<>, Centervllle;
I!art Mahundray Barrickman. 25. Cincin
nati, a<id Lizzie Carriger. 27. Oakland;
<W.rgo S. Smith. 21. and Pauline Bailey,
;». San Rafael.
MERCHANT ACQUITTED
OF MURDER CHARGE
PANTHER, W. Va.. Dec l^Iames H.
Chambers, a prominent merchant of this
place, who shot and killed I>r. Thomson
of Wllkesbarre, Pa., and Adam Bailey,
also of this place, last night, was to-day
acquitted at his preliminary trial. Thom
son and Chambers quarreled over a busi
ness matter and Chambers fired, it Is al
leged. In self defense. Bailey sought u>
avenge the death of Thomson, who wa3
his intimate friend.
Shingle Mills Close.
SEATTLE, Dec. 6.— To prevent ft gen
eral demoralization in the prices of shin
gles fully- three-quarters of the shlngle
mllls in this State have closed for a pe
riod of sixty days. The action has been
taken in response to a ballot sent out
some days ago by the Washington Red
Cedar Shingle Manufacturers' Associa
tion. There is no demand for shingles In
the Eastern markets at present, and the
manufacturers are afraid of a raid of the
bears, which will put prices down too
much.
THE DAY'S DEAD.
Henry Russell.
LONDON, Dec. 7.— Henry Russell, com
poser of over 800 songs, including "Life
on the Ocean Wave" and "Cheer. Boya.
Cheer," died yesterday, aged 87 years.
H. A. Weaver.
SACRAMENTO. Dec. 6.— H. A. Weaver.
an old-time California printer, editor of
the Weekly Ledger, publisned at Oakpark.
in this county, died this afternoon. Ho
was about 60 year3 of age.
C. F. Howe.
SANTA CRUZ, Dec. 6.— C. F. Howe died
this morning at his home In this city. He
•was 31 years of age and a native of Illi
nois He came- here a number of years
ago from Nevada and was very popular.
He was a prominent member of the Mac
cabees. .
Robert Lomax.
SANTA ROSA, Dec. «.— Robert Lomax
died at the home of his son, Frank Lo
max at Bellevue, near this city, yester
day His death removes one, though but
little known in this State, who waa an im
portant factor In Illinois history. His
name in early days was as familiar along
the Mississippi River as that of Jim Bled
soe and John Hay.
Hank Mitchell.
AUBURN. Dec. 6.— Hank Mitchell, rail
road agent at Newcastle and recognized
as one of best railroad men in this di
vision, died this morning of spinal menin
gitis Deceased had been duck hunting and
had taken cold, which settled In his back.
The disease affected his brain immediate
ly and in his half-crazed condition he
wandered around for some time yesterday
before he could be got to bed. Eteceiaaed
was a brother of Assessor George Mitchell
and son of the late John. Mitchell, one ot
the earliest of the pioneers.
Scandinavian' Church Bazaar.
A three days' church bazaar was opened
last night at Our Savior's Scandinavian
Evangelical-Lutheran Church, 1663 How
ard street. The object of the bazaar i.i
for the purpose of raising funds with
which the church may be Improved. The
pastor. Rev. O. Groensberg, and the mem
bers of his flock are desirous of securing
by means of the bazaar money enough to
make substantial repairs.
The Sabbath-school building is hand
eomely decorated with booths. In which
there is a collection of such articles as
will command a sale and be found useful
and ornamental to those who may pur
chase them.
During to-night and to-morrow even
ing the little place will be made attrac
tive by the presence of the handsome
flaen-halred young ladles who have
volunteered to participate in the enter
tainment. At last night's entertainment
there were sweet singing and laughable
recitations, which were much enjoyed by
the persons present.
CONGREGATIONALISTS
IN ANNUAL SESSION
The San Francisco Association Goes
Through an Interesting Pro
gramme in Bethany Churcn.
I The annual meeting of the San Fran
cisco Association of Congregational
Churches and Ministers was held yester
day at the Bethany Church on Bartlett
street, near Twenty-fifth. The following
was the programme of the day:
2:13 p. m.— Call to order and election of
moderator and scribe; prayer, the moderator;
reading minutes; report of Home Missionary
Committee; reports of other committees, mem
bership,' fellowship, etc.: elections, one member
for three years on Home Missionary Commit
tee, vice Dr. P. B. CherinBton; committee on
benevolences iCapen plan), five members to
constitute, with the registrar, the committee
on membership; other committees; other busi
ness.
3 p. m.— "Church Expansion on ths Pacific
Coast," address by H. H. Wlkof.
3:20 p. m.— Devotional service with reports of
the churches, leader, George C. Adams. The
clerks of our churches are requested to send
written reports not to exceed three minutes In
length.
4 p. m. — "The Sphere and Work of the Local
or District Association lri Our Congregational
Polity," presented by two addresses from dif
ferent standpoints, followed by discussion,
speakers, twenty minutes each, S. H. Willey
and W. H. Atkinson.
5:45 p. m.— Recess.
6 p. m— Supper; post prandial pastime. Pastor
Pond presiding.
EVENING SESSION.
7:13 p. m.— Heading- minutes and closing bus
iness; prayer and song, the moderator.
General topic, "The Supernatural In th©
Faith and Work of the Church." First ad
dress, "What Do We Mean by the Superna
tural?" A. Drahms; second address, "Is There
Special Reason for Emphasizing the Superna
tural?" P. Coombe; third address, "How Is
the Church to Avail Herself of Her Superna
tural Forces?" F. B. Cherington.
The following officers were elected for
the ensuing year: Moderator, D. Gilbert
Dexter; scribe. Rev. J. Rowell. The fol
lowing committees were appointed: Be
nevolence committee. Rev. F. B. Cher
ington; home missionary committee. Rev.
W. Rader (chairman). D. Gilbert Dexter,
Rev. Philip Coombe and the^Rev. J. Royle.
Burnett School Entertainment.
An entertainment will be given by th-s
pupils of the Burnett School In the opera
house. South San Francisco, this after
noon. It will consist of songs by different
classes, solos, trios, recitations, a cake
walk and farce. "The Red Chignon."
CHRISTMAS OBSERVANCE
OF KNIGHTS TEMPLAR
Templars of World Will Unite in
Toast to Mu E. Grand Master
Lloyd.
California Commandery No. 1, Knights
Templar, is making preparations for Its
Christmas observance on Tuesday. De
cember 25, 1900. The Sir -Knights will as
semble In the asylum In the top story of
the Masonic Temple at 8:30 o'clock in the
morning for the purpose of uniting with
all the Templars of the world In a Christ
mas toast to Most Eminent Grand MastT
Sir Reuben Hedley Lloyd. The sentiment
will be offered at 9 o'clock sharp and the
members of Golden Gate Commandeiy
No. 16 will be present on the occasion.
An elaborate programme will be rendered
as follows:
"We Praise Thee." choir of California Com
mandery No. 1, Sir Alfred A. Batkln organist
and musical director.
Templar toast. "To the Most Eminent Grand
Master," proposed by KlKht Eminent Grand
Commander Sir Frederick M. Miller.
Response, by Most Eminent Orand Master
Sir Reuber. H. Lloyd.
"Cantlque. de Noel." tenor solo. Sir Clarence
T. Wendel and California Commandery choir.
Toast, "Our Country, as Represented by Our
PiBtinRuished Frater, Sir William McKinley,"
propoped by Eminent Commander Sir W. H.
Frank Titus.
Response. Eminent Sir William II. 1^ Barnes.
"To Thee. O, Country," California Corn
mandery choir.
Toast, "The Grand Commandery, proposed
by Eminent Sir Robert McMillan.
'Response, Right Eminent Sir Frederick M.
Miller, Brand commander.
Song of triumph, bass solo. Sir Walter C.
Campbell and California Commandery choir.
Toast "Our Sister Commanderies," proposed
by Eminent Sir Brilsford P. Flint.
Response. Eminent Sir Joseph C. Campbell.
MufIc. "Auld Lang 8yne," In which all are
expected to Join.
Commander Titus haa announced the es
cort for December to be Sir F. C. Pague,
Sir B. L. Durbrow, Sir S. A. Clark, Sir
H. C. Porter, Sir Thomas P. Ross, Sir
J. W. Likens, Sir F. O. Uaabe and Sir W.
R. L. Campbell.
ORDINANCE TO PAVE
DOWNTOWN STREETS
Supervisors Will Attempt to Pass It
by Fourteen Votes and Ignore
Board of Works.
The Supervisors' Street Committee yes
terday recommended for passage an ordi
nance providing for the paving of Clay,
Sacramento, Washington and Pine streets,
between Montgomery and Sansome, with
bituminous rock or asphalt on a concrete
foundation. The Board of Works In a
communication declined to make a recom
mendation for that kind of pavement, and
an attempt will be made to pass the ordi
nance by a vote of 14 members, as the
charter provides. There is some doubt ex
pressed whether such a procedure is legal,
because there are no specifications on file
allowing the use of asphalt for street pav
ing.
The opinion of the City Attorney re
garding the power of the board to open
certain streets In the district south of
Channel street was referred to the Joint
Committee on Streets and Judiciary. The
petition of the Market-street Railway
Company for a franchise for two blocks
along Townsend and Second street went
over for one week. Jere T. Burke stated
that the purport of the franchise was to
avoid blocking of cars on Third street and
to provide connection between the Fifth
street line and the Mail dock.
Siberian Free Port Abolished.
The Treasury Department notified Port
Collector Stratton yesterday that on Jan
uary 1, 1P01. the free port in Eastern Si
beria would be abolished. Potatoes,
beans, cereals in grain, etc., will be ad
mitted duty free, as heretofore, but duty
must be paid on flour.
taffeta foundation dress.
Ball gown, special class — First prize, 'W. R.
Hearst, dress from Marshall, Field A Co., blua
satin, appllqued In silver and pearls, bodice
made In bertha effect, designed In pearl pas
sementerie.
The awards of prizes for hats were as
follows:
Calling hats— First, Lucille & Co.; second.
Stamper; honorable mention. Miss Hlckman.
Garden party hats— First. Miss Gibson.
Afternoon reception hats— First, Mrs. Cough-
Ian; second. Miss Josephine Wells; honorable
mention, Annie L. Stone.
Children's dresses— First prize. Miss Clarke,
pink silk, with overdress of white muslin with
lace, insertion, ruffles of lace, pink satin sash;
second prize. Miss Kervan, blue India silk,
made with infant waist, trimmed In Valen
ciennes lace and insertion; honorable mention,
Mme. Hatch, black tulle overdrens with black
ver spangled, hand-painted moussellne de. sole
over pale blue taffeta, bodice elaborately trim
med In hand-painted moussellne de sole. tull»
yoke, pipings of blue panne velvet; second
prize, Mrs. M. E. Hale, blue moire, appllqued
with white lace and silver arid finished with
chiffon ruffle, bodice made full and finished
with lac* and chiffon.
WANTS NEW LAWS TO
PROTECT THE GAME
the Passage of Limiting
Bill.
California Association "Will Work for
The annual meeting of the California
Game and Fish Protective Association
was held last night at the Olympic Club.
The attendance was large and the discus
plon over game problems culminated in a
scries of resolutions and some prospective
action on the part of the association.
The association agreed to advocate be
fore the Legislature the passage of the
bill prepared by the game and flsh con
vention which met in this city last May.
This bill provides for a restriction on
shooters to twenty-five birds In a single
day, no matter what their kind. J. W.
Hughes. C. M. Belflhaw. W. W. Van Ars
dale Dr. C. M. Barker, C St. John. H.
W. Keller and George B. Roop were ap
pointed a committee to have charge of
the bill.
A resolution advocating the passage by
the Legislature of a bill restricting the
shooting of quail for the next two years
was passed.
Chinese Expect Trouble.
Owing to recent highbinder troubles in
the Interior of the State, there is an air
of unrest In Chinatown of this city for
fear that the difficulty may be transferred
here. The hostilities commenced be
tween the Hop Sing and the Suey Sin?
tongs last year, and a settlement was never
effected. It subsided during the summer
months, but after the return of the fish
ermen from the north broke out anew.
Last night the See Yup Society held a
meeting for the purpose of keeping the
trouble confined to the scene of its origin,
but nothing was accomplished. The Suey
Sing tong, on account of the burial of its
president yesterday. Is loth to commit
murder here, but the Hop Sings are anx
ious to fight.
MORE SIGNAL BOXES
FOR AI.LW DISTRICTS
Better Fire Protection to B« Given
Residents of Sunny-side- and
Point Lobos.
The Board of Electricity rriet last nJfrh.t
at the Hall of Justice and granted the
request of the Point Lobos and Sunnyslda
Improvement clubs for additional fir©
boxes, subject to the approval of th»
Board of Fire Commissioners.
In reply to an inquiry City and Coanty
Attorney Lane sent in a written opinion
that the Board was not competent to let
contracts for supplies. He decided that
the contracts should be let by the- Board
of Supervisors.
The proposition to buy the private sig
nal system of Alfred Clark Jr. was dis
cussed at length, but no action was taken.
Clark operates about twenty miles of
wire, which is connected with about ISO
gongs In restaurants and other places.
Superintendent Hewitt estimates the
value of the plant at about $1229. The
matter will be taken up again at th© next
meeting of the Board.
BIG PRICE FOB, A STEER
AT LIVESTOCK EXHIBIT
Paid for at the Rate of $1 50 Per
Pound, Aggregating the Sum
of $2145.
CHICAGO. Dec. 6.-One hundred dollars
apiece for steaks and $10 a pound for^ roast
beef was paid at the Fat Stock Show to
day, when Schwarzchild & Sulzberger of
New York bought B. R. Pierces Aberdeen
Angu? steer Advance for $1 50 a pound.
This was paid for beef on the hoof, and
as the steer tipped the scale at 1430 pounds
the price was SZUK.
Another important sale of the day was
a carload of fifteen Angus cattle, bred
by W. II Kerry of Bloomlngton. III. These
cattle brought J3469, or at the rate of 15*4
cents per pound. This is the highest price
ever paid for a carload of cattle. A. We
ber of Kansas City was the purchaser.
In spite of the Inclement weather to
night the evening- parade of prize winners
took place before a large audience. In
addition there was a drill by a company
of the Stock Yards Equestrian Club.
In the morning there was a lively com
petition between draft horses In harness
and in the afternoon, besides the sensa
tional fat-cattle slaep, there was an Inter
esting sale of Galloways.
BITTEN BY A HORSE.
STOCKTON. Dec. 6.— Maggie Harrahan.
the seven-year-old daughter of T. F. Har
rahan. who resides on Roberts Island,
was attacked and terribly bitten by a
horse this morning.
The little girl went Into the field where
the equine was feeding and the animal
without provocation ran at the little one
and taking her right shoulder between Its
powerful jaws bore her screaming with
pain about the field. The flesh was pulled
loose from the bones of the little glrl'3
shoulder. She was finally rescued by a
farmer and taken to this city, where Dr.
Latta dressed the wounds. The child
will recover, but it is feared she will be
crippled for life.
•— — — »
New Archbishopric.
VANCOUVER. B. C. Dec. 6.— It Is
stated by prominent Roman Catholics, al
though the report as yet lacks official con
firmation, that the bishopric cf Vancou
ver, which Includes Vancouver Island and
the mainland of British Columbia, will be
increased to an Archbishopric, and that
his lordship Kishop Orth will be raised
to an Archbishop. The present Bishopric
comes under the See of the Archbishop at
Portland. Or.. and now an independent See
Is to he established here. A large num
ber of the clergy are to be In Vancouver
next Sunday, when the new cathedral of
the Oblates Father?, costing more than
J1W.000. will he dedicated, nnd It Is expect
ed a definite announcement of the new
Archbishopric will then be made.
Capitalist Montgomery Injured.
SAN JOSE. Dec. 6.— In a test of speed
between a horse and an automobile on
the Alsmeda this evening Dr. F. H. Bangs
lost control of his "auto" and he and
Thomas S. Montgomery, a capitalist, were
thrown out. Ex-Sheriff Bollinger and
Judge Slack of San Francisco, behind a
ppeedy team of trotters, had responded to
a good natured banter to race. After win
ning the race, the machine In turning at
full s=;>eed dashed Into the gutter and
turned turtle, throwing Its occupants
out. Montgomery was badly shaken up
and his leg wrenched. He will be con
fined to his bed for several days. Bangs
escaped with a few scratches. The wood
work of the machine was wrecked.
# —
Yerrington in Trouble.
VICTORIA. B. C. Uec. 6.— Hugh Yer
inpton. ex-Mayor of Carson City, over
the destinies of which place he presided at
the time of the Corbett-Fitzslmmons flght,
and a son of a Nevada millionaire, was
charged in the Police Court here this
morning with the theft of a pair of field
glasses. Yerlngton has been drinking
heavily.
Grau Successful at Denver.
DENVER, Dec. 6.— Every seat and box
In the Broadway Theater for to-night's
performance of the Grau Opera Company
was sold days ago and to-night hundreds
of tickets calling for standing room only
were sold. "La Boheme" and "Lucia"
were Runp, with Melba and SIgnor Cam
panarl In the cast. Melba has long been
a favorite with Denver opera-goers.
Found Guilty of Murder.
ATCHISON. Kans., Dec. 6.— Douglas
Reneer. a non-union workman, who In
June last killed Cal T. Oathout and James
Burtchet. union workmen, as the result of
a labor quarrel, was to-day found guilty
of murder in the first degree. His pun
ishment will be life Imprisonment, capi
tal punishment not prevailing In Kansas.
Admit They Were Bribed.
BERLIN, Dec 6.-The trial of the
banker. Sternburg. accused of an offense
against morality, is still In progress and
two Important witnesses for the defense
were arrested to-day In open court be
cause tbey had admitted that they had
been bribed.
. ¦ . . ." *
Quits Labor Federation.
NEWARK. Ohio, Dec 6.— The Cincinnati
Typographical Union withdrew from the
Ohio Federation of Labor In session here
to-day because of the failure of the con
vention to adopt resolutions censuring the
administration.
Identity Is Made Known.
BUTTE, Mont.. Dec. 6.— One of the two
men killed In the wreck of the Northern
Pacific overland passenger train at Rock
er last night was identified to-day as M.
J. Connell of Wallace, Idaho.
Fight a Draw.
MARIETTA. Ohio. Dec. 6.^Oscar Gard
ner of Wheeling and Buck Stelrner of Co
lumbus, fought a twenty-round draw be
fore a crowd of 70* here to-night.
THE maple room of the Palace Ho
tel is bright with dolls gowned In
the most exquisite creations possi
ble to the art of San Francisco
modistes, and this morning the doll
Bhow' of the Doctor's Daughters will be
gin. The awards were made yesterday
afternoon by the committee .of patron
esses while the final touches were being
put upon the decorations and the fancy
booths were being arranged for the recep
tion of guests.
The committee which acted In making
the awards was composed of: Mrs. Henry
Payot, Mrs. Joseph Sadoc Tobin, Mrs. W.
P. Fuller. Miss Grace Spreckels for Mrs.
John D. Spreckels, Mrs. O. P. Evans for
Mrs. Eleanor Martin and Mrs. Walter
Dean for Mrs. Downey Harvey. The
awards by classes, with descriptions of
dres>s>es, follow:
Special ela«s— First prize, K. Max & Co.,
ridlnft haMt, equestrienne doll, broadcloth,
double-breasted coat effect, silk lapels.
Plain tailoring— Fifst prize; Francis, brown,
fine blue stripe, double-breasted vest with
pmoked pearl buttons, white collar, four-in
hand tie; second prize, Gavin, brown with
brown velvet collar, fancy eilk collarette.
Fancy tailoring-— First prize. K. Max & Co..
red broadcloth trimmed with straps of th»»
same material appllqued in black velvet, gold
trimmings; peeond prize, Baron, blue, invisible
*trlpe, white cloth front, striped with gold and
black braid, the reveres th« Fame and edged
with astrakan; honorable mention. Loewenthal
& Co.. dark preen, made In short jacket effect,
stitched velvet collar edged with gold braid,
white satin shirt front with no\<\ buttons, panel
effect In skirt outlined in gold braid.
Calling costumes — First prize. Mrs. Ness,
pale modit cloth, trimmed in black fancy braid
and white satin aixi gold applique, bodice in
bolero effect, with fancy vest of blue panne
velvet and grold embroidered white satin; sec
ond, Mme. Hun!, Kreen cloth with cream in
sertion, pink velvet ribbon run through, white
Fatln vest trimmed with panne velvet and gold
braid.
Garden party dresses— First prize, Bon
Marche. white organdie, butterfly applique,
flounces edged in satin ribbon, made in prin
cess effect; second prize, Mrs. Hallowell. white
tucked moussellne d« sole, trimmed with
flounces, edged with gold braid and satin rib
bon.
Afternoon reception gowns — First prlxe. Miss
Kistle, pink taffeta with overdress of pink
chiffon, accordion pleated ruffles around bot
tom with white lace Insertion, bodice of tucked
and shirred chiffon, collar of panne velvet;
second prize. Mrs. Ray Brown, blue taffeta em
broidered In white stripes, skirt finished with
white chiffon ruffle, edged with white satin
ribbon.
Evening gowns— First prize, Mme. Solly, sll-
Special Dispatch to Tlie Cfcll.
CALL BUREAU, 1406 G STREET. N.
W.. WASHINGTON, Dec. 6.— In view of
the reported efforts of Vickers Sons and
Maxim of Kngland to form a business
union with the Cramps Shlp-Buildlng
Company and the Mldvale Steel Works,
Charles H. Cramp, president of the
Cramp Company, who Is In Washington
in connection with the proposals of the
Navy Department for building war ves
sels, decided to make a statement ex
planatory of the plans to extend the plant
of the company. He said:
"For a number of years I have endeav
ored to enlarge our plant and to extend
its capabilities to the point of building
first-class warships complete, ready to go
Into action when delivered, Including not
only the hull, machinery and equipment,
but also armor, guns and ammunition.
My views as to the desirability of such
extensions have been more than justified
by the phenomenal success of the Arm-
Strong Company. For example, about the
time we began to build the Baltimore,
Armstrong, who was then making guns
only at Elswlck, enlarged his place by
the addition of a ship-building plant,
which was already not only firmly estab
lished, but possessed perhaps the best
and most ample technical staff In its or
ganization In all Europe. They are now
employing fifteen thousand men and their
dividends have amounted to millions.
"About the same time the Vickers Com
pany, the great steel establishment,
which has been making armor, forcings,
shafting and other steel products, ab
sorbed the Barrow Ship-buildnng Com
pany. They have since been turning out
ships complete and ready to go Into ac
tion, the same as Armstrong, with like
success, mechanically and otherwise.
"The great firm of Thomas Bros, has
been consolidated with the Kohn-Brown
Co. of Sheffield. The Thomas Iron Works
also, I understand, have a co-operative ar
rangement with one of the principal steel
plants in England. Then Krupps have
bought a ship-building plant at Kiel, and
now have a large number of vessels under
construction, five of them being for the
German Government. At the same time
the ship-building plant of Forges et
Chantiers at La Seyne, France, has con
solidated with the Creusot Steel Company,
and also with the Canet Gun Manu
factory, and with great success. /These
several concerns are now ready to build
for various countries of the world com
plete fighting ships, ready to go into
action when delivered.
"Without going Into details or without
stating the principal direction In which
I have been endeavoring to operate. I
will say that the Idea underlying all my
efforts has been to enlarge as much as
possible under our single management all
-diverse Industries which enter Into the
construction of ships of war. In order that
we may realize to the best advantage all
experience which we have gathered in two
Would Establish a Plant Capable of
Turning Out a Ship of
War Beady for
> Action.
May Co-operate With Vick
ers Sons and Maxim
of England.
CRAMPS PLAN
A BIG DEAL
Special tMspatch to Tfca Call
CALL BUREAU. 1406 G STREET, N.
W.. WASHINGTON. Dec. «.— William L.
Merry of San Francisco. United States
Minister to Nicaragua and Costa Rica,
arrived In Washington to-day and saw
Secretary Hay. He declined to-night to
discuss what had occurred at the State
Department.
"I can only discuss the sentiment that
exists in Nicaragua and Costa Rica," he
said, "regarding the projected canal.
The governments and the peoples are In
tensely Interested In tn» construction of
the waterway and are willing to do all
they can to facilitate the commencement
of work.
"They are heartily In favor of the Hay-
Pauncefote convention and ar« hop«ftxl
that the neutrality feature especially will
be retained. In fact, they would like to
have the treaty ratified without amend
ment. It is believed In Ceneral America
that recosrnltion of the neutrality of the
canal will remove any possible scene of
conflict from the waterway. Personally I
am heartily in favor of th© treaty.
"Nicaragua and Costa Rica have taken
action which has removed all difficulties
In the way of the construction of the
canal by the United States. The Xlcara
puan Government has declared the con
cession of the Maritime Canal Company
to be forfeited, but it seems to me that
morally the United States is indebted to
the company to a certain extent. The
company has kept the canal open for
American construction for the last thir
teen years. It has made expensive sur
\-eyg which have been utilized by this
Government, and finally It has done much
to educate the people of the country up
to the necessity of a canal."
Believes That Recognition of tha
Waterway's Neutrality Will
Remove Any Possibility
of Conflict There.
Nicaragua and Costa Rica in
Favor of the Hay
Treaty.
MERRY TALKS
OF THE CANAL
PROPOSE CHANGES
IN THE CREED
Presbyterian Ministers Will
Vote Upon the
Subject.
?
Committee on Revision Will Prepare
the Matter for Presentation
to the Next General
Assembly.
»
WASHINGTON, Dec. 6.— The commit
tee of sixteen ministers and laymen of the
Presbyterian church now In session here
I for the purpose of agreeing on some rec
i ommendation to be made to the next gren
? ral assembly on the revision of the'*con
fc*?lo:i of faith made material progress
to-day. Action was taken by a sub-com
'. mitiee of rive, which provides for a vote
I to-morrow by the full body on each of
live propositions contemplating some
! chahRe cr revision In the confessional.
J One of these, it is expected, will be adopt
ed, thus bringing the question before the
1 general assembly In May.
Five members of the committee — Doc
i ton; Samuel J. Xiccolls of St. Louis,
| Henry Van Dyke of Princeton University,
j Stephen \V. Dana of Philadelphia, Justice
I Iiarlan c.f the Supreme Court and K. W.
| Humphrey of Louisville^ — submitted pa
i pers tor tne consideration of the commK
| lee, which will form tne ba.^is of action
on the subject of revision. These papers
¦ in general propose either an actual rev!
! sloii of the confession or the adoption of
j the explanatory statement of doctrinal
i difficulties in the confession, or the form
! ulation of a brief popular statement of
i'the essential doctrines of the confessional
system.
After mature consideration by the full
committee the papers were referred to a
sub-committee of five, consisting of
! Messrs. Van Dyke, Johnson, McKibbin,
i Parsons and Humphery, which, after a
I prolonged moetins to-night, decided that
; the fuii committee shall vote to-morrow
¦ pn the projio?itions in the order in which
i they are submitted.
The papers containing the propositions,
it is understood, cover the same jjeneral
grounds, differing mainly In detail and in
the manner In which the proposed change
or changes shall be made.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call.
1118 Broadway, Dec. 6.
Eva Cmhbcrt Mantel has met the accu
sations of her husbanu. Adam Mantel, by
bringing *uft to-day /oi divorce, charging
the partner of a strange matrimonial ai
4iar.ee with desertion, r.eg.ect aiid feilura
to provide. This Is the second chapter lu
the story of a bride wno m-ver lived with
ler husbana, who traveled 15Xi iii.ies to
Join him nearly a year after their we«i
oing and then was suhjected by ber hus
band to most extraordinary indignities in
.,?J cisn !and - belpiess and penniless.
Ihe meeting of the ooupie was flavored
wltl ?. a bu ot romance. The men Miss
CmxAert, daughter of W, W. Cuthbert.
a printer of bacramonto. Vent to reside
the family of Mrs. M. V. MaxwoK
oi i-TultvaJe. She advertised f..r a posi
tion &s governness. Mantel then a trav
e;,ng agent for the Chihuahua. Me.v.
i.rewing Company, replied. The ac
quaintance led to a marriage, but Man
tel departed for Mexio Immediately after
tne ceremony, leavlr.tr his t>ride with the
.Maxwells until a decision should be made
** S »« U> l * leir Permanent home.
Months passed and daily letters cam. 1
iTQTn the absent husband. Along in Sep
tember he wrote to Mrs. Maxwen. A por
tion of his letter follows:
CIIIHfAHfA. Mex.. Sept. 2.">. 1S99.
My Very IXar Mother: You may think I'm
rot alive any more, but thrnk the Ix^rd I am
tac if I cid not write you before this it was
tw-auire I have alwayp been wailing for a
tiecis!<»n whether I rn gr»inB to settle down in
the {rolden jiaradife of ("aliforrila cr I:uve our
d^ar Eva rm:\f yj> tlii? v.ay. an.i rtill it is not
fielded yet. Will patier.tiy wait a few days
l^nFer— if not. I shall eend monej- enough to
have EA- a an-1 Kate or me to Mexico. • • •
Katharine I fuj'i't^. as urual, is frteine kind to
my d.-ar young wife ani n^ver g»t*tltC3 in chfer
in«; her up. May I have an opportunity to act
];kewi:,e toward cuch a soft -hearted jfirl. If
my Fweeth<"nrt was not in such a pplendid com
I'any ar.d g >m<2 care I would not let her stay
:or such a l*"njrth of time. a«« it has= l<een an
i*nnitnpc to live without lier. l*ut for
l:er own Fake I was obliged to do po. and then
1 have everything to provide here— a nice quiet
home. The children, of course, are keeping
you in p.>.:.d hunirr and making you happy.
J'lease kiF* each one Foparately aT)( j tf> u them
that I will ?••• n k^t-y thersi myself. • • •
Soon lifter the letter the money came.
and Mrs. Mantel with her friend, ML<«
Maxwell, wont to Chihuahua, arriving
ther*> at midnight on November 17. Their
reception va? so cold i:ud distant that tile
only explanation they could find was that
Mantel had Lecome temporarily derange'!.
The young women declare they wer-»
driven out «if their hotel. Mantel had
their bagpapo seized and threatened them
•with arrest unless they left town at once.
Letter? and notes now in the possession
of Mrs. Mantel's attorneys, Goodcell &
M^ndenhall. show th^t he ordered his
wife and her companion to leave the city
et once.
Stunned by the remarkable conduct of
her husband. Mrs. Mantel sought relief
from Kev. James B. Katon. an American
clergyman at Chihuahua. He sent her
•with Miss Maxwell to the residence of
Mrs. J. M. Leitch, wife of a merchant,
where the two women were sheltered. To
obtain their baggage tliey were compelled
to appeal to the American Consulate.
Th<> Monday following their arrival the
girls managed, through assistance sent
from home, to start north. They were
Flopped at every Mexican town and at El
Paso. Tex., by police to wnom Mantel
had s»>rst telegrams of warning and con
taining scurrilous articles. Hardly hai
? hey reachM home than a letter was sent
to the relatives attacking- the character
of the jourg wife.
Mantel flooded the mads with postal
cards containing accusations againar
h!s wife. To Mrs. .H»xweU he sent the
followlnjg letter four months after he had
ordered his wife s»_-nt out of Mexico:
February H. 1900.
Mr*. M. I- Maxwell: For sp!t? 1 mailed to
<iay f»veral ratals to Fru:tva!e. Dimond. Ea.«t
Oakland, rejraniln^ &a'5 romantic heart play —
6s I begged her ¦tamely enough In my last
f.ve letters to tell me the caupe why *he made
fjrJi a fo^l cut of herpeif, otherwise I
v-.uM rot none it. Fhe fhall feel eorry for
•b ha*. Fhe done. If *he would have written to
r»> in -a sensible and reasonable way I would
l.a\e kept on myp«17 to act like a gentleman.
• « I ilnn did regarding my misfortune. Toura
trj'y, A. MANTEL*
Then came the posta'.-card messages.
They were all similar in tone to what
f ollows:
Alter Eva. rour Ftepdaugtiter. ha* beaten me
f it of my cood p^ltion and nearly out of tW'O.
< r.ly thmuck her mfannfft, she mifrht ke*p m>
¦«afli and chain with ring too. whi^h she tried
to }<awn at El Fbfo. ro the can keep on hlph
t ll:T:f in a year from now w» will pee whs
* y e la and who I will he. She will fret her due
1 -iy y^t for h«r low, mf>an. dirty trick eh*
iiaycd on me. A. M.
Another card pent to Mr?. Taylor, a
friend, residing at Frultvale runs as fo -
Iowa:
As I knuw Kva has *vw b*pn mean, after
*-\rg ir.yjiirM by your folks to r»«>5t me out of
::> tood position and J'.OOO. she m!«ht keep en
i, »ir(t up »lth my watch enrj <-hstn and rin?
v r-ich sh* trlM t<i p«»'n at El Faoo In eom
) ar.v »ith your own rtauphter. She will pay
: r bw low, dirty. m«>«n trick ehe played on
rr.« jet A. M.
I < nly pity her poor father Fh* kepps abusing.
Mantel was served vhis afternoon witih
the summons to the divorce suit.
Young Wife Charges She Was Driven
Away by Man She Traveled
Many Miles to
Join.
Delayed Honeymoon of Adam
Mantel Ends in a Suit
for Divorce.
ABANDONS BRIDE
HE WON BY MAIL
THE SAN FRANCISCO CAI/L, FRIDAY,s DECEMBER 7, 1900.
ratror\esses JMake /A Wards or J-Vizes ar\d To-Davj
Public Will Be Admitted to Maple Room.
DOLLS IN EXQUISITE GOWNS
ARRANGED FOR ANNUAL SHOW
11
cTHE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, DECEMBER 7, 1900.
12
BAN FRJL\CISCO CALL. ,
BUETXES3 OFFICE of The San Francisco
Call, eernw of Market and Third streets: open
pntll U o'clock every night In the year.
BRA2CCH OFFICES— £27 Montgomery »*reet.
corner Clay; open until ?:!» p. m.
100 Hayes rtreet ; open until S:30 p. ra.
CSS McAllister street; open until V:V> p. m.
CIS Larkln street; open until 0:~0 p. m.
]$41 Mission street: open until 10 p. jn.
1261 Market street, corner Sixteenth: open
cr.til • p. n.
JOt Eleventh rtreet: epen until S p. rn.
U-S6 Valencia rtreet: open until 9 p. m.
Northwest corner Twenty-second and Ken-
tucky ftreet«: open ontll » p. m.
BIEETIXG XOTICES.
CALIFORNIA Commandery No. 1. K.
T.. S Post st— Regular assembly THIS < (_Jjp
EVENING at 7:20 o'clock. All fraters fj
civrdially invited. By order of the com- fc5
msndcr.
HIRAM T. GRAVES. Recorder.
GOLDEX GATE Lodgs Xo. 30, F. and A. m
M.— Called meeting THIS (FRIDAY) JS\_
EVENING, at 7:S0 o'clock. Decree L TSJT
By order of W. M. /v '
EDWIN L. MEYER. Secretary.
FIDELITY Lodge Xo. 120. F. and A. »
M.— Funeral notice.— Officers and mem- JV
tiers are nviue^ted to assemble at Ma-J? Tf
sonic Teir.Die at 9 a. m.. FRIDAY. r V
the Tth ir.n.. for the purpose of conducting
¦vv ALTER HIRSCHFELD. thence per U:J0
tram to Hills cf Eternity Cemetery. «y order
of the \T M.
FKEDERICK BARRY. Secretary.
APOLLO Lodge No. 123, I. O. O.
F. -FIRST DEGREE THIS -^SSRCi
DAY) NIGHT, Dec. 7, 8 o'clock.
APOLLO LODGE DEGREE "w"*
TEAM. Also ELECTION cf officers for ths
enduing term. HANDEL H. ZOBEL, N. O.
W. F. XORCROSE. Rec. Sec
REGULAR meeting of the Ca!edo- v <3Tn,
nian Club THIS iFRIDAY) EVEX- ?„ S Jj
ING, at S o'clock, at Scottish Hall. •<iV'r£g
117 Larkin st. Banquet tickets
g'.ven out. ANGUS McLEOD, Chief.
ANDREW McNAIR. Secretary.
AGEXTS WAJVTEO.
jmo TO $500 per month: men or women: salary
or commission. 227 Market rt.. room 615.
ASfHALTtM ItUOKIXG.
J. rnLTIEIt asphalt roofing, sidewalk* re^
paiied; postal, ll^t Mission; tel. Fol&onr 1607.
ASTKOLOGV.
DR. C. XOCSET TAYLOR. Screntiflc AstrolcH
per— Free copy "The New Moon." 765 Market.
ATTOllMiVS AT LAW.
R. W. KINGTSTMarket eT 6th floor, room 627
— Estates, damages, attachments, bankruptcy,
collections: all cai>?s: fair fees; no advance
charget : loans oa ostates. Tel. Howard 1C37.
ADVICE free; divorce law a specialty; private;
no fee without success; collections. G. W.
HOWE, atty at law. S50 Market, cor. Stockton.
I. HDW. JARRETT, Hearst bldg.. Third and
Market Us.; phone Red E26!.
ADVICE free: no charge ualess successful. W.
W. DAVIDSON. E7 Markfl St.. opp. Mason.
L. 6. CLAKK. Emma Spreckelg bldg.. 927 Mar-
k<?t tt.: consultation free; no fees in advance.
BJ-Tlf CAIJI.NETS.
liOBINSOX. Niagara. Perfection and others. W.
P. HRuWX CO.. agency. *2S Sills 8t .. S. F.
UtM.M^SS CM.OCES.
A— J?00; SALOON; eetab. yeare: first-cUsiT pay^
ing business; about $4?u stock on hand; lo-
caied 1 block north o: Hibernia Bank; inves-
tigate at once; rare chance, it. G. WILKE,
- r -i Kearny et.
A— $6<X>; CORNER faloon on Jackson st. ; rent
$>'; kept by present owner 7 years; good buai-
i.ess: clearing %l2i per month. R. G. WILKE,
• •--. Kearny et
A— OYiiTtZR depot; price tlSOfr; place doing a
large business, m-etly wholesale, cash trade;
r.ot lees than J2oO profit per month; fullest ln-
\ estimation solicited. Particulars K. G.
V. 1LKE. tt\k Kearny et
A— $700; SALOON and lunch house; surrounded
by wholesale houses and machine chops; es-
tablished wars; rent ti»; splendid offer. Call
1-i. G. WILKE. l'6~ Kearny et.
A— JTj«; ONE-HALF interest in good paying
restaurant on Kearny et. ; a. nrsi-class prop-
osition for t::e right party. K. G. WILKE,
H'i Kearny ft.
A —?:;¦}(•: SALOON near Chronicle building; es-
tablished yearn and known as one of the
Uading places of the city. Call R. G.
WILKE. Wi Kearny st.
A— $1200; CORNER rrocerjr and bar; one block
south of Mi-.* '.','.>'. i-! ft.; rent J45; 4Vj years
lc»*e; u»ii<t hae mo more places of busi-
neaa and must sell one; stock will Invoice
The ir\jv. Call U. G. WILKE. 26', Kearny.
A-;r.v; CO8NE8 liquor bar; established 49
years; located near Chronicle building: 3
y.ars' lea^e; daily receipts about $30; one of
the best pajrisaj bars in this city. Particulars
_ K. G. WILKE. _P_ Kearny st.
A— COIiXLHt butcher shop on Howard St.; do-
ing a first-claj-s paying cash business; must
*tll al once; owner going In cattle buying.
K. G. WILKE. M4 Kearny et
A-41290; BAKERY, corner. In Western Add.;
cr-.ab. many rears; 4 horses, wagon, etc.; bak-
:r-.g 4 barrels per day: S living rooms, bath;
rent ISO; 5 year?' lease: death of owner cauae
of pal". R. G. WILKE. 26>* Kearny st
A-iir/,; HAIRURESSING. with 3 furnished
r*inw; partner wanted: fine home. KREDO
& CO.. Z>> Geary £i-
A-J1S00; DAIRY and milk route. $1COO monthly;
12500, resort KREDO & CO., 36 Geary st
A— tlOi'O; DRUG store, cor. postofSce: J600. milk
depot. KJIEIX> & CO.. Z6 Geary Et.
A— tZS: DAKEIiY ar.d restaurant; $20 daily; no
cp;>wltion; cheap at JSOO. KREDO & CO.,
ii> Geary *t.
A— taW; STATIONERY, confectionery and no-
tions; I j-...<-s street; 2 rooms. KREDO &
i'O.. 35 Geary et.
A-FRUIT store; heart of city; receipts $15 day.
COWING & CO.. 713 Market st.
A— RESTAl'BAXT: heart city; money maker;
rr-me qui.-k. COW1XO & CO.. 719 Market St.
• i '
A FINE corner grocery and bar; best location;
come at once. COWING &. CO.. 7U Market
A PLUMBING shop; xood location; come at
COWING & CO.. 7IS Market Bt.
A- PARTNER wanted In good hotel. COWING
& CO.. 719 Mcrket ft.
»;•"-•— RESTAURANT n»ar carhouses: receipts
»:; to Jl'O per day. MCLAUGHLIN & CO..
777 Market et. -: ~.' ¦'¦¦'-
BARGAIN— Baker)' ar.d branch; store trade of
5 barrel* a day; J13&0. Apply at once to Mc-
LAUGHLIN & __OQ.. 777H Market sC
1S.V— PARTNER wanted: old-established busi-
nesf. ;;..:¦:¦:.• work; ehort hours; experience
not required; departure cause of sale. LAND
CO.. iV.> Markf-t Et.
IF you have anything to sell or exchange see
E. J. LirXDIN. 9r. Market st.
FIRST-CLASS money-making office business
for tale fcr $£# cai=h: $l«w worth of stock:
aJ»o office fixtures; must sell at once; no
trifiers: iremd for lady or gentleman. S16
Market Ft., room V>.
I'AP.TNER wanted with a small capital to in-
\(-5t In chicken ranch in Sonoma County;
good opportur.it>- f<- r ?rigrt party. For partl-
cularn fee C. \V. ARP. 213 Sansome st.
A— *4W); BREWERY and bottling works; own-
er hE5 other business; cannot attend to t)Oth;
will gt!l half or whole. See owner, 6Ci Battery.
CHEMIST of -wide experience in manufactur-
ing will rumish instructions for making
anything desired. Chemlrt. box 546. Call.
A NO. 1 restaurant and coffee parlor for eale
Call at 41S Kearny tx.
SMALL restaurant: central location: good for
man and wife; bargain. Box €«(. Call otSce.
UN CASH— Cor. grocery and bar; (rood busi-
new. which could be larcely increased: large
*=tock. fine fixture!!, wagon, etc. Immediately
box 612. Call office.
I5AKERY— Business corner, oven, fixtures,
•tc, to let; Twenty-fourth and Guerrero.
Owner. 125 Chatunooca Ft.
COAL yard; Western Addition; 3 horeee; 2 new
wagons; est'd 1« yre. ; must *e.H. Call 631
Filimore et., between 6 and 8 p. m. ; no agentfc.
A STREET nandwlch wapon with everything
complete; a bargain. Mint Saloon. 31 Fifth.
FOR «ale — On exceptional terms, a complete
printing plant, suitable for printing a seven
double-column paper; plenty of type and ether
accessories. For further particulars address
M. F. WALSH. CastrovUle. Cal.
JiESTAURANT doing a good business for (tale:
a guod chance for man and wife with family;
furniture all new; give a trial ror week or
more; ncrt location. Box 467, Calt office.
WHOLES ALE liquor business; long eclab-
lished; making money; no agents. Inquire H.
L. REA. 4C3 Washington et.. S. F.
I'RAOTICAL man would Invent *500 to SGOOO in
paving enttrprli^, with «ervlc«; principals
cn!y. Box 460. Call office.
NO. 1 city retail business for sale; a. bargain;
fullest investigation. D^x 453. Call.
i;(O-STATIONEKY store: clean stock and flx-
ture»; good location. Address box 6o2. CalL
KITE chance for shoemaker: old stand to let
cheap. 8261 Twenty-fourth gt.
CLASSIFIED advertisement* "and EUbycrlptlona
K«fved at C»U branch office, SQO Filimore it
LODGIXCHOl'SES FOR SALE.
MONEY loaned on lodging 'houses, 1V4 p. c;
anything you want In lod-t. r lng- houses; s'rnpls;
37 rooms en Powell Bt: rent $175; price. .$1900
15 rooms on Geary Et. ; rent $63: price.... 1C50
15 rooms on O'Karreil St.; rent *K; price.. 750
SO rooms on Mission Bt.; rent $00; price., lino
16 rooms on Howard Kt; rent $25: price.. 760
For quick sales list your houses with A. L.
j WILLEY, 916 Market et. : phone black 5215.
1 ALL the latent bargains come to us.
: From 5 to 200 rooms, {125 to $25,000.
1000 houses to choose from; fair and honest
treatment; some first-class family hotels In
all locations.
Wo assist you half the purchase money; cash
or easy terms. HAYES & WILSON. £38 Mar-
ket St. (The Elite).
A-22-ROOM house; central $1000
20-room house; first-class 1050
11-room house; $475; 6-room flat 325
20-room house: Kddy; rent $75; only 900
FISHER & CO.,!lC32 Market St.
SNAP— 11 rooms, furnished: clears $25 per mo.;
only $125. FISHER & CO.. 1032 Market st.
CALL early: 10-room house; CTFarrell, near
Market; elegant carpets; finest oak and cherry
furniture; modern house; price $1400. JOHN
KLDER CO.. C6 Market OPP- Palace Hotel.
M. GRIFFIN. 719 Market St.. room 1; free list;
over 500: all sizes and prices; please call.
DESIRABLE corner; 10 rooms; always full;
rent $2S, Income $74: owlr.g to slcknet>s will
Bell at a bareain. Box 649. Call olflce.
$300— GOOD hardwood furniture 14-roomed
house; $25 rent. S5C Howard st.
JESSIE. 476— A furnished house of 14 rooms for
eale cheaD.
FOR sale — Lodirfnff-house of 3S rooms; well fur-
nished. 549 Howard st. near Second.
tSOO— BARGAIN ; lodging-house of 26 rooms;
clears $S3 month; easy work. Inquire Call.
CHEAPEST and best in America— The Weekly
Call. 16 pages, eent to any address in the
United States or Canada one year for tl,
postage paid.*
CARRIAGES A.\U WAGONS.
COLUMBUS BUGGY CO., clearance sale; low-
wheel, rubber-tire read wagon, JSO; other
styles at proportionately low prices; suitable
Xmas,presents. Markt, nr. Sth., opp. St. Nich.
ALL kinds of wagons, bugsries; carts, harness.
etc., cheap. EGAX & SOX. 2117 Mission st.
AN A No. 1 express wauon, single, also light
camping wagon, for eale cheap. 532 Mission.
NEW & 2d-hand wagons, buggies, carts & har-
neys. work & driving horses. 15th & Valencia.
SPIRITUALISM.
MRS. DR. FAUN HAM. world-reTJownedTTplrlt^
ual medium; advice In all aflalrts of life, law-
rults. divorces, deaths; unites the separated;
mining a specialty; cirs. Sun.. Wed.. Fri. ev's;
come and be convinced. Permanently located
513 Eddy Et.. bet. Hyde and Larkln; no sign.
MRS. J. J. WHITNEY, test, business me-
dium and life reader: also medical clairvoy-
ant; treats all diseases at office or by letter;
fittings. $1. 1164 O'Farrell st.; take Ellis car.
MRS. HARLAXD'S test circle to-night; also
Sun. ; 10c ; prophetic readings, .50c, $1. 14S 6th.
MRS. ELSIE REYNOLDS' materializing se-
ance Friday evening. 128 Powell st.; 50c.
MRS. GILSOX, 614 Jessie, nr. 7th— Circles Tues.,
Thurs.. Sun.. S p. m.; sit daily. $1; upstairs.
C. MAYO STEERS, trance medium. 112H Oak
et. ; readings, $1; hours, 9 a. m. to 4 p. m.
EDW. EARLE. slate writer, removed 300 Ellis,
ccr. Taylor: Sunday night, Pythian Castle.
MME. MAJORS, gifted spiritual medium,
healer and card reader. 146 Eddy st
MRS. DR. WEST returned ; trance medium and
magnetic healer. S06 Market st. room 22.
MRS. HARRISON— Medium, test, readings; see
her dr. Tuet. Thurs.. Sun. 858 Mission st.
FRIENDSHIP Hall, 335 McAllister— Mrs. C. J.
Meyer, fittings: eonvinelnc tests to-nieht: 10c
CLAIRVOYANTS.
MRS. DR. F. CLARK, the well-known trance
medium, is permanently located at 1206 Mar-
ket et., corner of Golden Gate s.ve.. room 25
and 26; take elevator. Perfect satisfaction
guaranteed by mall. Send stamp for pamph-
let with sr>ecial terms.
MME. PORTER, wonderful clairvoyant & card
reader, born with double veil — second sight;
diagnoses disease with life reading; ladles 50c, '
gents $1: palm, and clalr. sit $150. 126 Turk, j
MME. BERXARD reads life fluently: advice !
piven in all affairs of life; satisfaction guar- \
anteed; 2jc up. 17 Third St., next Examiner, j
ISMAR. the Egyptian gypsy clairvoyant and
palmist, permanently located 114S Market.opp.
€th: private readings dally, 10 a. m. to 5 p. m.
MME. RENNER. clairvoyant, palmist, planet j
¦ reader, 25c; ladies only; German epoken. 723
Ei:is st.
MRS. E. SANDERS, S14 Taylor et,, near Geary !
— Clain-oyant. palmist and business medium; [
ladies' circle Thurs., 2 p. m. ; Fri., 8; clr. 25c. j
MRS. CAMERON, clairvoyant, card reader, me. J
<::um; 25c up. £23 Mission et. nr. 4th; ring bell, j
MME. HELMUT!!, card reader, astrologist—
Ladles, 25c; German ppoken. 933 Mission st.
MME. AUGUST, clairvoyant, card reader and
palmistry: truth or no pay; 25c. 1149 Mission.
CLAIRVOYANT, mineral peychometrist. palm- I
1st and card reading. 25c. 1241 l j Market Et. j
MP.S. MELVILLE, well-known clairvoyant, wa-
ter reader, moved to 11 Sixth: German spoken, j
MME. HANSON, palmistry car reader; past, j
present, future; 25c. US Sixth ft, room 14.
GYPSY; genuine clairvoyant; located 10 days 114
Turk et.; ladles, 25c: gents. 50c. "Frawley."
MME. ZEREDA. the gypsy. Is the gr«at palm-
lrt rnd card reader. 25c. 7 Seventh st. i
MME. RUTH, wonderful card clairvoyant, has j
returned: fee 25c and 50c. 70S Ellis st j
MME. SCHAFFER. clairvoyant, card reader. |
fittings dally. 44SH Jessie St. i
MRS. E. Mi DUVAL, clairvoyant and business
medium. 213 Kearny st, rooms 8-10.
MME. RAVENNA reads life fluently; business
«<1\-|re: name* civen: ?K<~ «r>. S Kourth *t.
CARPET DEATIXG AXI) CLEANING.
WHEN you btcome disgusted with poor work
eend to SPAULDIXG'S Pioneer Carpet-Beat-
ing Works. 353-C57 Tehama St.; tel. South 40. |
STANDARD. 313 Guerrero— Curtains and blan- j
kets renovated. 25c per pair: carpets cleaned, i
2c yd. ; laying a epeclalty. Phone Mission 108. j
CAKPETS cleaned at 3c per yard, laid at 5c. j
STKATTOX'S, 3 Eighth 6t; tel. Jessie 944. j
J. E. .MITCHELL. Carpet- Beating nnd Reno- !
j vating Co.. 240 Fourtepnih st. ; tel. Mission 74. j
CITY Steam Carpet-Beating Works. G. II. |
STEVENS, mgr.. ?8-40 Sth St.; tel. South 250. j
J ADVANCE Carpet-Cleaning Co.. 402 Sutter st; !
tel Main 394. GEO. WALCOM. proprietor, j
! COXKUX'K Cart*t- Beating Works. 333 <Jolden ;
| a»t*. nv.: (oio^nif r>-t 12S.
CHIROPODISTS. ™
; BUNIONS. Intrown nail«. corns, absolute cure, i
| r»fnl«^R: <-on«ul'n fre«v I>r. Duncan. 41S Putter. '
I — *™ " ~ **— ""^^ " ™ "" ~ -^ "^^™ '
COLLECTION OFFICES. j
I GEORGE W. KELLY'S Agency— No"chargTun^ |
leca successful. Room 310. S27 Market Bt. 1
DENTISTS.
AT thf ELECT RO-DEXTAL CLINIC. 809 Mar-
' ket Bt., cor. 4th, rm. 7, Klood bldg., you can
I have your extractions done painlessly; teeui
j without plates our ppedalty; gold crowns,
I $3 ."•» up; plates, extractions free, $4 GO u;>; of-
fice hours, 9 a. m. to 10 p. m. ; Sundays, 9 to 2
j p. m. G. W. WILLIAMSOX.M.D.. Manager.
i EIGHT prizes for best crowns, plates, bridges
and fillings; extractions or fillings by my won-
derful wcret, painless method; 20 years' ex-
jerience.; no students; advice free; prices
cf*s>j<-«t and guaranteed; lady attendants.
DR. GKO.RGE W. LEEK. 20 O'Farrell St.
A TCE\<" plate, the unbreakable JJcs« Pearl.
I warranted for 20 years; crowns and bridge-
work; teeth without a plate; fillings, 5uc;
crown*. $? SO: plates, full set. $5: all work
vainUss and warranted. CHICAGO DEXTAL
! PARLORS. 24 Sixth St.
DR. LUDLUM HILL. 1443 Market, nr. Eleventh
—No charge for extracting when plates are
made; old plates made over like new; teeth
from $8 per set: extracting, 50c: gas given.
"MAIN Office" New York Dental Parlors. 1019
Market St.. bet. Sixth and Seventh; consult
us on crowns and bridges; teeth extracted
positively and absolutely without pain.
' MODERN DEXTAL PARLORS. 120* Market
i St.; expert extracting, crown and bridge work.
| A. L. SIMPSON. P. D. S.
; PARIS Dental Parlor, 235 Kearny, cor. Bush—
Full set of teeth. $4; crowns. S3; fillings. 25c.
i VAN VROOM — "Painless": evenings and-Sun-
I da-g. 1001 Market St.. corner Sixth.
I SET of teeth without plate. DR. H. G.
YOUNG. 1S» Polk St.
nrcpi UTO ity .
j O. C. C — A Harmless liquid for permanently
I removing superfluous hair: will not Irritate,
burn nor poison the most delicate skln:**fints
I wanted. Ontario Chem. Co.. ag'ry. 428 Ellis.
; UKKSSMAKKltS AM) SKAMSTRUSSUH
McDOWELL DretsmaklngandMllllnery School;
i patterns cut; evening class. 1019 Market st.
• ACCORDION pleating factory: all kind* pleat-
I ing. pinking. 151 Post, over O' Connor & Moffatt.
DRESSMAKING; reasonable prices; dresses
j made over; perfect fit. 3S7 Geary Bt
EDCCATIOVAL.
MONSIEUR and Madame de Loery, from Paris,
have opened a studio at 742 O'Farrell st. for
voice placing, correct breathing, tone produc-
tion, artistic singing, Italian method, solslsts
and duetists for concerts and church, ora-
torio, opera; also parlor entertainers.
GALLAGHER-MARSH College, Parrott Bldg.—
Shorthand, typing and bookkeeping; Robert F.
Gallagher, expert court reporter, teacher of
Fhorthand: reportorial phrasing taught; prac-
tical bookkeeping; full course, $50; catalogue.
HEALD'S BUSINESS COLLEGE, 24 Post Bt,
& F.— Bookkeeping, shorthand, typing, lan-
guages, telegraphy, English branches, civil,
electrical and mining engineering, etc.; day
and night sessions; new SO- page catalogue free.
A— THE LYCEUM, an accredited preparatory
school for the university, law and medical
colleges: references, President Jordan or any
Stanford professor. Phelan building. ¦*'',;¦
AIRES' Business College, 723 Market St.; day
and evening; Individual Instruction, $8 per
month; life scholarship, $50; bookkeeping,
Ehorthand, telegraphy, etc.; catalogue' free.
MADEMOISELLE HELEN CLARKE, pupil
of Genevieve Stebblns and Herr Bandman,
coaches puplle for the stage, teaches Delsarte
and society training. 40S Golden Gate ave.
ATTENTION! — Tarr"s pupils thorough book-
keeping figures; short time; college graduates
perfected; expert accounting. 220 Parrott bid.
MISS M. G. BARRETT, Shorthand Academy;
lessons by mall: acknowledged by official re-
porters best teacher, best system. 302 Montgy.
ALL students but two taking full cours- this
year got positions. SAN FRANCISCO BUSI-
NESS COLLEGE, 1238 Market st
ENGINEERING, civil, elec, mining, mech., sur-
vey, aseay. cyanide, arch. ; day, eve. ; est. 1864.
VAN PER NAILLEN SCHOOL, 933 Market.
LEARN German in three months; $5 per month.
Y. M. C. A. bullalng, Stn floor.
MUNSON. School Shorthand. Typing, Bookkeep-
ing, Spanish. 137 Mont'y. E. M. Carpenter, pr.
MR. and MRS. D. MANSFIELD, music ntudlo.
violin, guttar, mandolin, banjo. 1S36 Eddy st
ILLUSTRATION— PARTINGTON'S DAY and
ILLUSTRATION— Night class. 424 Pine st
ARITHMETIC, bookkeeping, grammar, writing,
etc., day or eve.; $5 mo. 1024 Mission, nr. 6th.
CHEAPEST and best in America— The Weekly
Call, 16 pages, sent to any address in the
United States or Canada one year for$l,
postage paid. •
ISMI'LOVJMEVr OFFICES.
A— JAPANESE and Chinese employment con-
tractor; estab. over 10 years; all kinds help.
421 Post St., near Powell; telephone Bush 135.
JAPANESE responsible houEecleaning co. ; est.
1S70: practical recommend; try them; removed
to 419 Devlsaaero; tel. Fell 136. F. HAMAD.
JAPANESE and Chinese employment office;
best help. 626 O'Farrell St.; tel. Hyde 219L
ABC EMPLOYMENT Office: Chinese. Japan-
ese help fur. 544 California; phone James 2C01.
RELIABLE Japanese-Chinese employment of-
fice; all kinds help. 315 Stockton; Main 51SS. '
UNION Japanese-Chinese emp. office— Best help
furn.; domestic serv. 417 Powell; tel. Bush 376.
ORPHEUM Employment Office— Japanese, Chi-
nese help. 426 Powell, nr. Sutter; tel. Black 5072.
CHINESE . and Japanese Employment Office—
Best help. 411H O'Farrell st; tel. East 426.
EMPLOYMENT WASTED — FEMALE.
MOTHER and son wish situations; mother Is
a first-class cook; son, 29 years of age, to as-
sist boarding house, hotel or institution. Call
or address SI Natoma st., room 23.
RELIABLE woman, good cook, assist In house-
work; city or across the bay; wages not lesa
than $20. 334 Turk st, call 2 days; postal*
answered If car fare paid.
FIRST-CLASS dressmaking done at 785 O'Far-
rell st; perfect fit guaranteed: 10 years' ex-
perience as head cutter at the Louvre, Paris;
phone South 663.
GOOD steady girl to do general housework In
email family; city or across the bay; 5 years
in last place. 442 Brannan st.
YOUNG cirl wishes second work or care of a
child. Call 85A Dorland St., off Guerrero,
between Seventeenth and Eighteenth.
SCANDINAVIAN girl desires situation as sec-
ond girl or waitress ; waites $20. 409 Fifth
Et.. between Harrison and Bryant
WOMAN would assist with housework half day.
» Address L. M.. 14 Pearl et
COLORED woman wants laundry work in prl-
vete family. Call at 21 Sherwood st.
YOUNG woman wishes situation, housework,
cooking; no mail unless fare. 1231 Market.
A YOUNG woman wishes work by the day;
house cleaning or washing. Box 643, Call.
WOMAN wishes work by day, washing or
housecleanlng. Address MRS. G., 719 Natoma.
WANTED — A position to do washing and Iron-
ing and housecleaning. Box 645, Call office.
YOUNG lady, thorough musician, wishes a
situation In refined family to give daily piano
instruction for board and room; owns piano.
Box 451. Call office.
A WOMAN with a child three years old would
like to do assisting housework for small
wages. Address L. M., box 640, Call office.
YOUNG lady desires a position as a clerk in a
balcery or dry goods store; has had some ex-
perience. Address 1344 Alabama et.
NICE woman, good cook, desires position
where there ¦ will be no women to Interfere;
good references. E20 Couch st.
WANTED— Position by competent cook; no
outside work; also chamberwork. Box 456.
Call office.
RESPECTABLE young woman wishes any
kind of work by the day or hour. Address
1CJ Seventh st.
WINCHESTER House. 44 Third st. near Mar-
ket— 200 rooms: 25c to $1 00 night. $1 60 to }G
week: convenient and respectable; free 'bus
and bscRage to and frcm ferry.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096
Valencia Kt.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
rwelved nt Call brunch office. 2200 Flllmore st
EMPLOYMENT XVAXTEIJ — MALE.
YOUNG colored man wishes position as cook:
not afraid of work; city or country; refer-
ences. G. W. P., room 10, Golden Eagle
Hotel. San Pablo ave., Oakland.
BARTENDER would like position: city or
country; good references. Address G. M., 1104
Larkln Et.
A YOUNG man. 20. speaks French, English and
German, wishes situation of any kind; under-
stands bakery business. 316 Davis st.
A YOUNG colored man wishes position as
hostler or stableman. Address 235 Stevenson.
A YOUNG man, 21, .speaks English and Ger-
man, wishes situation of any kind. 316 'Davis.
ELECTRICIAN of 12 years' experience wants
position; Al references. Box 651, Call office.
STABLEMAN, reliable, wants position; long
experience. Box 634, Call office.
BARBER student of average experience wants
Wed., Sat. and Sun. employmt. Box 655, .Call.
EXPERT machinery salesman wishes position;
well acquainted on Pacific Coast; thoroughly
familiar with Bteam and gasoline engtpes;
cotnprefcted air fcr pumping and ice and re-
frigerating machinery; best of references.
Box 631. Call office. ,
POSITION wanted as cashier or checker In
cafe or hotel-restaurant by single, sober, mld-
dle-egc-d man; long experience; good refer-
ences. Address box C32, Call office.
BEDMAKER. also experienced day and night
clerk and porter, would like position In hotel,
: lodging or rooming-house, or as janitor. Box
, 635. Call office.
SOBER young man wants situation as second
barkeeper; speaks English and German; first-
class references.' Address A. K., 435 Pine st.
BARBER wants place in country; first-class
workman. Address O. S., 345 Pierce st.
CARPENTER and cabinet-maker; single man;
looks for steady position; Pullman P. Car Co.
ref. Adr. H. G.. San Rafael. P. O. box 377.
MILKERS, separators and first-class cheese
and butter makers want work; city or coun-
try. Milkers' Union of California, 526 Mont-
gomery «t
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Flllmore st.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1098
Valencia nt. • - ¦
FLATS TO LfcTr.
c6zY"~three-?oonT- flat; T rent"$icT.
Apply 1325 Washington st, near Jones.
IF you want to move get printed llrt fiats to let
from BALDWIN' & HOVTKLL. 10 Montgomery.
TO let— At $11 each, 4 fine flats on Folsom St.,
opposite Columbia Square, between Sixth and
Seventh sU>., by JOHN PrORR. 403 Pine Bt.
THREE sunny rooms to let at 343 Tehama
street.
$7— 4-ROOM flats on Victor st, off Bryant, bet.
Tth and Sth. Inquire at grocery, .941 Bryant.
$25— BAY-WINDOW; newly renovated: modern;
i-riwra: hath. 1625 Clay St.. near Polk, r -
'' .FCliaiTURB FOU SALli.
ELEGANTLY furnished flat of 6 rooms and
bath for sale; call after 10 a. m. '729 Hyde
street.
4 ROOMS furnished In oak $4S50. with No. 7
range. King Furniture Co., 1127-1131 Market.
FURSITCBE . WANTED.
CHAS. LEVY buys your furniture, carpets,
pianos, etc. 1135 Market st; tel. Jessie 761.
TO receive highest value for furn., carpets, etc..
see W. E. CODY, 757 Mission, tel. Red 3353.
A. WOLLPERT, 773 Mission st, pays highest
price for second-hand furniture; tel. Red 1354.
Auctioneer— L. Vincent 1305 Larkln: tel. Polk 691.
& furn'd hou&es bought: spot cash.
HELP WANTED— FEMALE.
C. R. HANSEN & CO Phone Grant 185
HOTEL DEPARTMENT
Head waitress, first-class commercial hotel
?30, see party here; 2 waitresses, railroad
hotel, near city, $20; 2 waitresses, Carson
City, Nevada,' $20 free fare; waitresses for
Sacramento. Woodland, Gait, Lathrop and
city, $20; lunch waitress, GOc: 2 restaurant
waitresses, J25; nurse for children. Institution,
$20 and found.
FAMILY DEPARTMENT
Houseglrl, Belvedere, $20, choice place, see
party here; housegirl, Antioch, $20, all grown;
housegirls, Oakland, $20, $20: houeeglrls, Ala-
meda. J25; housegirl to go north, J30, 2 in
family, see party here;, second girl, Berkeley,
$20; nurseglrls, second 'girle, housegirls, oth-
era. C. R. HANSEN & CO., 104 Geary st.
A WANTED
For nice country hotel, waitress and cham-
bermaid and assist waiting, $15 for both.
W. D. EWER & CO.. 610 Clay St. ¦ . ' .
GIRL for housework and cook. 1305 Waller «t,
near Masonic ave. ; will pay car fare. •
GIRL for general housework; no dishwashing;
no cooking; wages $20. 1562 Post st ' .
WANTED— German nursery governess and sew-
lng. Address box 653, Call office.
WANTED— Girl Izi candy store. 1928 'Flll-
more st.
¦*¦ FIRST-CLASS hairdresser wanted. 609
Halght st.
WANTED— Girl for housework In small family.
S21A Fremont st
GIRL for light housework; sleep at home.
119A Bartlett st.
FIRST-CLASS skirt and" waist finishers. 6
Eddy st., rooms 96-97.
WHOLESALE house desires the services of a
woman not under 25, who is accurate and
trustworthy; no bookkeeping or stenography.
Box 472, Call office. ,
OPERATORS on shirts; best pay. BRENNER,
ULMAN CO.. 19 Battery st.
WANTED— Operators on ladles' wrappers and
waists to work In factory; also take work
home; good pay: steady work. MARKS
BROS.. 1212 Market st.
GIRL for cooking and light housework; small
family; $15. 2300 Leavenworth St., cor Lom-,
bard.
WANTED— Woman of middle age, with refer-
ence, as working housekeeper. Address box
C48. Call office.
WANTED-Good cloak and suit hands at E.
MESSAOER'S. 145 Post St.
GOOD workers on cotton waists; best wages
In town. 21 Sansome st.
WANTED— First-class finisher on custom
coats. 816 Market St.. Columbia bldg.. rm. 82.
TWENTY girls to shell nuts. Apply 123 Clay
St.. upstairs, between 8 and 10.
FINISHERS on vests: steady work: good pay.
BELASCO & HARRIS CO.. 541 Market st
GIHL8 for housework: good pay. Pacific Em-
ployment Agency. 9 Geary; ph. Black 371!>.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office, 2200 Flllmore st.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
rubscriptlons has been established at KrJt
Valencia st.
HELP WAXTED-MALB.
A— MURRAyITrEADY.^ y."pHONE MAIN BsTs
Leading Employment and Labor Agents,
....WANT 7 A. M. TO-DAY
FOR OREGON
4 more coal miners and laborers.... Fare paid
Farmer and wife, south $40 and found
Ranch hands and teamsters $26 and fcund
Concrete finisher, carriage painter, etc.; boys
for factories, $4 and $3 week; errand boy, etc.
WOODCHOPPERS TIEMAKERS
150 woodchoppers, all parts of California. $1
to $3 per cord, some places tools, provisions
and cabins furnished: tiemakers, 9o to 12c,
tools furnished. MURRAY & READY, 634-
G3G Clay at.
A — HEAD waiter for a club, $40 and found....
Chef cook for club: 15 cooks, city and coun-
try; delicatessen man, laundry man, etc
MURRAY & READY, 634-636 Clay st.
AT C. R. HAKSEN & CO.'S....104 GEARY ST.
If coal miners, fare paid, see boss here tola
morning; 50 woodchoppers, Santa Crua Co.,
SOc to $1 60 a cord.
HOTEL DEPARTMENT
Second cook for an Institution, country, $10;
baker and pastry cook, country hotel,. $75; 2
restaurant cooks. $60; fry cook, $43; broiler,
$00; 2 hotel porters, country, $20; waiter,
country hotel, $25; hand laundryman, country.
$40; washer, country. $25. C. R. HANSEN &
CO., 104 Geary st.
A— CARPENTERS. 6 cabinet-makers, 1 bench
hand, 1 sticker hand. Mechanics' Registra-
tion Bureau, 410 Kearny St., room 9; non-
union bricklayers and other mechanics please
register; new Jobs dally; no office fees.
BARBERS' Progressive Union— Free employ-
ment. H. Bernard. Sec. 104 7th; tel. Jessie 152.
BUSH ELM AN and presser at the Golden West
Clothing Renovatory. 12 Montgomery st;
steady Job.
"WANTED— A barber for Saturday. 433 Fine
street.
BARBER wanted at 474 Tenth Bt, between
Broadway and Washington st, Oakland.
BARBER wanted. 27 East st. .
WANTED— An experienced wrapper at RA-
PHAEL'S.
COATMAKEH for country. Apply REISS
BROS., 24. Sutter st.
FIRST-CLASS furnishing goods salesman; ap-
ply before 9 a. m. The Toggery, 628 Market
SCHOOLBOY about 15 to carry papers in West-
ern Addition. Box -647. Call office.
STEADY waiter. 434 Fifth gt
WANTED— A dishwasher and lunch waiter.
SSO Howard St. •
WANTED— A good tailor for bushellng. 625
Commercial st. ¦- - •
WANTED— Recruits for the Marine Corps, U.
H. Navy, able bodied unmarried men of good
character, between the ages of 21 and 35; not
less than 5 feet 4 Inches and not over 6 feet
1 Inch In height; able to read, write and
epeak English. For further information ap-
ply at the Marine Recruiting Office. 40 Ellis
street, San Francisco, Cal.
YOUNG man to drive milk wagon; call«bet. 9
and 12. JAS. KENNY, Silver ave.. near Mis-
sion road.
WANTED-A place to stop for the winter— This
can be found at the Adams House, 519 Sacra-
mento st., near Montgomery; one of the few
respectable houses where countrymen coming
to t,he city can find nice, clean cheap, well-
ventllated rooms. A. McCREERY. Prop.
WANTED— Laborers and mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkln, Reno House proprietor, still
runs Denver House, , 217 Third St.; 150 large
rooms; 25c per night: $1 to $2 per week.
MEN wanted to learn barber trade; only eight
weeks required; position guaranteed: special
Inducements; catalogue and map of Wty free.
MOLER'S BARBER COLLEGE, 635 Clay Bt.
PENSIONS— J. H. Shepard & Co., old, reliable
firm. 806 Market,, room 40. Phelan building:
pension vouchers executed, 25c; advice free.
BOY wanted for driving baker wagon and make
himself useful. J. G. BUSS, Mill Valley.
WANTED— Errand boy. Apply E32 Commercial
street. "'• «.-»
GET your *hoes half-soled while waiting; 23c
to SOc. S62 Mission Bt.. bet. 1st and 2d sta.
A FIRST-CLASS coat maker wanted. 625
Montgomery st.
i BAHBERS— 15c and 25c one-chair shop for sale.
DECKELMAN BROS.. '106 Ellis st.
ALL sizes men's shoes, slightly damaged, half
price. E62 Mission St.. bot. 1st and 2d ,sts.
SAILORS, ordinary seamen and green hands;
all parts of world. HERMAN'S, 26 Steuart. •
BOY wanted: 16 to 18 years old. WIENER &
MERZDACH, . 105 Eansome st. . ¦
WANTED— Good man or woman to sell oil
stock. E. J. LUNDIN, 935 Market st.
WANTED— 100 men to take rooms, 10c, lEc and
2Cc. Boston House. 930 Howard st.
YOUNG man to do janitor wdrk for his^tultlon
at S. F. Barber School, 741 A Howard st
GENTLEMEN'S Bults to order, $1 per week, at
cash prices. N. Y." Tailoring Co., 115 Kearny.
WINCHESTER House. 44 Third St., near Mar-
ket; 7C0 rooms. <5c night: reading-rooms; free
'bug and baggage to and from ferry.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
rubscrlptlons •¦ has . been established at 1096
Valencia «t.
HOUSES. LIVE STOCK. Kt«-— l-'or hale
40 HORSES for sale; also wagons, buggies,
carts, harness. Grand Arcade Horse Market.
327 Sixth st. :auction sales every. Wednesday.
SULLIVAN & DOYLE, Auctioneers.
HORSE clipping by experienced men; best work;
cheap prices. DALZIELi 605 Golden Gate ave.
HYPNOTISM. ~~
PROF. RAYMOND-Strlctiy: reliable: - teaches
hypnotism In five lessons for ?3. 937 Market at
HOUSES TO LET.. ."¦
A— PRINTED LIST Houses'to'iet; send for cir-
cular. G. H. UMBSEN & CO., 14 Montgomery.
BUSH. 1224 — Sunny house of 8 rooms and bath;
rent J37 50. water free. • i .-
INVALID CHAIKS AND TRIOYCLES.
BOLD and rented; manfr. of the Eames tricycle
cbalr. EAME3 Tricycle Co.. 8100 Market st.
LOST AND FOUXD.
LOST— About 8 or 9 a, m. Wednesday, on Ala-
meda narrow gauge train or boat, or on
California St., between the ferry and San-
some St., a.Bcarfpln (turquoise surrounded by
diamonds); suitable reward. CATTON, BELL
& CO.. 40G California 6t.
STRAYED— From Blanken's. San Bruno road,
a chestnut mare, 5 years old. clipped recently.
Return to owner, DR. , CLINTON, Twenty-
first and Howard sts., and receive liberal
reward. ¦;
LOST— Dec. 3. on Market st., between Ninth
and . Third,- ladles' sllves watch with name
Lulu. Finder please return to 119 Fourteenth
et. ; reward. ¦"*¦*--• r.V" »"¦¦•? -- ¦^'-'¦ r
LOST— Past president's badge N. S. G. W.,
between Petaluma and East Oakland. Return
to 859 Main St., Petaluma, or 582 East Twelfth
St., Oakland ; . reward. ' --'¦: • ' ¦-'
FOUND— A buggy; owner can have the same
by proving property and paying expenses.
Apply to JOHN W. McCORMICK. 324 Cali-
fornia st.. hours 1 to 2 p. m. .
LOST— A- passbook with the Hlbernia Savings
and Loan Society ot San Francisco, In the
name of SAMUEL REDMOND,* No. 228-1247.
The finder will please return to bank.
LOST— Silk umbrella with gun metal handle,
gold ring and Initials E. H. on 'handle. $10
reward If returned to E. HAQUETTE, 18
Post st.. Palace of Art.
LOST— Sunday, in park, old gold locket, pearl
. setting; 2 photographs inside; reward to finder.
Address T. P. B., box 652. Call office.
LOST— Cow, blue and white; had rope on
horns: liberal reward If returned to FRANK
KNOWLES, Union Park.
LOST— Blue overcoat, near Golden Gate Park.
Return 603 McAllister st; good reward.
LOST — Telescope grip from pier 3. Finder
. pleape leave ¦ same at Harbor Police Station.
LOST— Coach dog with collar and license; re-
i ward % 2617 Mission Bt. _^
LOST— Red cow, small. Ocean View. Saturday;
reward. Return to 1.036 Mission road.
LOST— Brown water spaniel. Return TOM
FOO. 113 Prospect place; reward.
MEDICAL.
DR. 'AND MRS. DA VIES, 1228 Market— Ladles'
specialists; 32 years' practice: have treated
thousands of cases successfully; positive cure
guaranteed at office: ladies treated can return
home-eame day; HINDOO HERB home cure,
eny one can use it with satisfaction; perfect-
ly harmless. Send etamps for circular.
MRS. DR. WYETH. reliable specialist: 25 yrs.'
successful practice; guaranteed treatment at
office, $5; any ailment; home for patients; con-
sult fre«. 942 Post at., bnt. Hyde and Larkln.
MRS. -DR. KOHL. 997 MARKET ST., corner
Sixth— Safe and reliable ladles' physician;
treatment. $5; positive cure guaranteed; when
others fail consult, free, MRS. DR. KOHL.
DRS. GOODWIN, 1007% Market, expert on dls-
eases of women; 15 years' practice in S. F., a
cure guaranteed; $3 at office; have cured thou-
sands of cases; unexcelled success; see free.
MRS. DR. ALLEN. 1035 Market— Ladles' spe-
cialist; cafe and sure cure, $5; best care; low
fees; when all others fall consult free.
DR. WISE, the ladles' e peclallst. 1118 Market st.
MRS. DR. GWYER. ladles' specialist; home
for patients. EOt Eddy st.
DR. POPPER'S treatment can be had for the
cure In his office at $5. 323 Kearny st.
DR. NG TOY KKE cures disease by herbs;
advice free. 704 Sacramentn nt.. near. Kgamy.
MISCELLANEOUS — FOR SALE].
BOILERS. Engines, 2d-hand machinery. Mc-
INTOSH & WOLPMAN, 195-197 Fremont st
BARS, back bars, mirrors, showcases, counters,
linoleum, new and second-hand; wo always
have a large stock of ealoon outfits on hand;
32 complete outfits on one floor, ready made;
we can ship everything In 24 hours. ¦ J.
NOONAN, 1017, 1019, 1021, 1023 Mission St.,
above Sixth; write for catalogue.
BUY a trand new typewriter for So down and
$5 per month; write for catalogue and price.
TYPEWRITER EXCHANGE, 409 California
st ; -rentals, new machines, $3 pe'r month.
A— BUYS, sells or rents gear machinery, en
glnes, boilers, water pipes, shafting, pulleys,
etc. WHITELAW, 216 Spear St.
CHEAP— A lot of Inch mesh wire, suitable for
chickens cr rabbits; also 33 Belgian hares;
Imported etock. 355 Polk Et.
A— 10O-HORSEPOWER engine, boiler, two-drill
air compressors, JARDINE'S, 220 Fremont Bt.
FOR sale — $300; 2 waffle wagons. 1 horse and
harness; worth $700. Call 21C6 Mason; rear.
FOR sale— Small Hall safe; $20. 117 Ellis st.
cigar store.
10 DOZEN pullets and hens. 563 Pennsylvania
ave.. near Twenty-second Bt.; Thlrd-st. cars.
40 H. P. COMPOUND steam engine, complete,
cheap. H. S. WHITE, 514-516-518 Mission st.
LADY must have money; will sell her dia-
monds cheap. Box 635. Call office.
DRY pine lumber and blocks for wood. Foot of
Baker st. Harbor View.
PORTABLE engines, boilers; Iron and wood
planers, lathes: 2d-hand. J. Burke, 139 Beale.
NEWFOUNDLAND pup, cheap. 217 Teha-
ma St.
FIRST-CLASS second-hand modern engines and
boilers bought and sold. KROGH Mfg. Co.
PHOTOGRAPHIC and magic lantern goods
bought, sold, exchanged. 109 Montgomery st
10-TON Fairbanks scale and fire and burglar
proof safe. 216 California st.
WILL rent full-dress Tuxedo or Prince Albert
suits for $2 50. Portland Loan Office, 25 Stktn.
SAFES— New and second-hand. THE HER-
MAXN SAFE CO.. 417-423 Sacramento st
MAGIC lanterns, new and 2d-hand: moving
pictures. BULLARD & BRECK, 131 Post st
SAFES— New and second-hand; all sizes. THE
WALTZ SAFE. 109-111 Market et. San Fran. :
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents — The Weekly Call,
16 pages, in wrapper, for mailing, $1 per year.
MISCELLANEOUS WANTS.
WANTED — Small safe in good order. Address
D. B., box 646, Call office.
LADIES' and gents' cast-off clothing bought &
Bold. SUverman. SSI Folfom: tel. Folsom 1191.
KLEIN still pays best price for clothing, bric-
a-brac and books. 109 Sixth St. : tel. Jessln 141.
WANTED— Upright piano for cash. H. ' L.
W H )TPur»p. 1710 Mnrket _t ___ -
_ ¦* I . ?^ *f y_ -'. y. A*y_ A * •
ANY amount on furniture, pianos, without re-
moval, or any other good security;,, payable
back in Installments or as a whole; If you
owe a balance on the purchase price we will
pay it and carry the loan as long as you de-
sire; avoid red tape and publicity; see us
first; you will be waited upon quietly, and
quickly. Call 68-69 Donohoe bldg., 1170 Market.
AA — BEST rates and easiest terms.
Second Mortgages
Interest In Estates
.......Undivided Interest In Heal Estate
Financial problems of all sorts and sizes
solved by HERMAN MURPHY. 630 Market.
A — MONEY to loan at rates which people can
afford to pay : on furniture, pianos, eto. ; do
not borrow of your friends or you will lose
thetr friendship; do business with strangers
and you will be better satisfied; no delay; no
publicity.. Rooms 9 and 10. 906 Market st.
ANY amount at 6 per cent; 1st, 2d and 3d mort-
gages, undivided Interest, real estate in pro-
bate; mortgages and legacies bought; no de-
lay; get my terms before doing business else-
¦ where. R. McCOLGAN. 24 Montgomery, r. 3.
ANY proposition, any amount; 8 per cent: first,
(second mortgages,' estates In probate. Interest
In- estates, legacies, corporation -loans, chattel
mortgages, life insurance/Room 16, first floor.
Chronicle building. HALLORAN & OLSEN.
HIGHLY respectable, private place to obtain
liberal advances on diamonds. Jewelry at low-
est rates. Baldwin Jewelry Store, 846 Market
et; tel. Main 16M. Branch 19 Third st.
A — $500,000 on"«;lty. and country real estate and
estates; .chattel mortgages; notes and collat-
! eralsr-'J.BRpWNSTONE. 11 Montgomery st
MOST reliable' place to borrow. on diamonds,
watches. Jewelry. W. J. HESTHAL. 10 Sixth;
highest price for old gold, sliver, diamonds.
CASH loaned on salaries. New York plan
THE TOUSLE Y CO.. 321 Parrott bldg.
S% on furniture and pianos; $15 up; no removal ;
no commission: private. Room 81, 6 Eddy st
MONEY loaned salaried people without security
! HILL, rm. 44, Merchants' Ex., 431 California.
LOANS, 1st or 2d mtgs; city, country; 6% undl-
vlded IntB: estates. HARPER. 397 Parrott bid.
; AUSTIN'S Salary Loan Co.. 3G8 Parrott build-
ing; men can secure loans on personal note.
; $100,000 TO loan on real estate or for building;
low, rate. Home Bldg. ¦ Co.. 222 Sansome. rm 2.
¦ MONEY to loan on furniture by private party;
. :, low rate. . 917 Market St.. room I.-. ¦
i ON furniture and pianos; no removal; confiden-
tial; on diamonds, etc. 83 Taylor it
MONEY TO LOAN. .
ANY amount, lowest rates, on furniture, etc;
no removal, no commission; strictly conflden-
tlal. Room 8, Conservatory bldg.. 301 Jones.
CASH loaned to salaried people on note without
lndorser. MORRELL. 609 Examiner building.
TO salaried people without collateral or In-
dorser. B. F. Discount Agency, 143 Fhelan bid.
MONEY WANTED.
WANTED— $230 loan on first-class country
property: willing to pay good Interest, Box
2036. Call office, Oakland.
-' MUSICAL. LVSTKUJIE.VTS.
ANY person having use for a piano can ba ac-
commodated at Sherman. Clay & Co.'s witii
easiest payments, lowest prices and most re-
liable makers to choose from. Each the bes:
of their grade, from Stelnway down. Priv-
ilege given 'to exchange medium and Nw-
prtced pianos for a new Stelnway any time
within three years from date of purchase,
lleautiful new uprights sold for $$ cash ami
$6 per month. We offer to sell some good
pianos for $3, $4 and $5 per month. SHER-
MAN, CLAY & CO., Stelnway dealers, cor-
ner Kearny and Sutter sts., Han Francisco,
corner Broadway and Thirteenth st., Oak-
land. - ' . - :¦
ABSOLUTELY the largest exclusive wholesale
and retail piano house west of Chicago;
agent peerless Heine and Hallet & Davis.
Boston's oldest and most famous piano, and
10 other makes; pianos rented; rent allowed
on purchase: new high-grade plane**. $6 down.
$t> per month.
8 Heine uprights ..$327
1 Mason & Hamlin SOO
t Stelnways ...._.. ..-193
1 Russell „.._. 225
1 Chlckerlng 85
1 Emerson ,.. 35
HEINE PIANO CO., 217 Geary Bt.; open evgfc
INTENDING purchasers of pianos will aave
money by examining the beautiful new styles
which we shall receive within the next few
days; they are the very latest In everything
and win be offered exceedingly low. MAU-
VAIS MUSIC COMPANY. 769 Market st.
THE names of pianos that you ought to select
from for your holiday present are Decker &
Son, Packard, Baumelster, Straube, Gllmore
and Arlington. Thd Instruments are bound
to suit and the prices will be made to cor-
respond. We have several good second-hand
bargains. MAUV'AIS. 769 Market St.
ABSOLUTELY the oldest and largest house
west of Chicago is KOHLER & CHASE'S, 26.
28 and 30 O'Farrell St.; pianos, organs and
all other musical instruments of all era-lea
and prices: terms easy; prices lowest; every-
thing possible done to please and satisfy Zho
customer.
FINE list of slightly used pianos $1SS up: easy
payments. BENJ. CURTAZ & SON, H O'Far-
rell St.; Chickerlng agency; Syrophonion mu-
clc boxes; sheet music, etc; open Saturday
evenings. . ¦
ALMOST new upright Stelnway A Sohmer sac-
rificed: great bargains this month. BRUENN.
20S Post st.
FOR sale— Elesrant upright piano, 3 pedals,
7 1-3 octave. $150: or rent for $3. 342 Kearny.
HIGH-GRADE 3-pedal upright piano; must be
sacrificed, leaving city. 419 Van Neas ava.
HIGH-GRADE pianos; St»ck. Hardman. Con-
over & others. W. B. ALLEN fe CO.. 314 Post.
AT KEEFFE'S, 923 Market «t.. 4 elegant up-
rights at your own price. Shoningor agency.
GREAT- many bargains In 2nd-hand uprights;
small installments. Hornunir. 216 McAllister.
SOHMER & CO.. Byron Mauzy. Gabler. Splel-
mann and Hamilton pianos. 3CS Poet st.
BEST rent ntcck In city; new plano.t: $3 per
month. SCOTT -CURTAZ. 560 Hayes st.
SUPERIOR violins, zithers, old and new. hT
MULLER. maker, repairer. 2 Latham place.
A cleaning out of pianos for storage; dirt cheap;
Installment*. Wilson's Storage. 710 Market.
A BARGAIN; must be sold: nice upright piano.
FCHMITZ. 16 McAllister at., next Hlb. Bank.
CHEAPEST and best In America— The Weekly
Call. 16 paecs, sent to any address in the
United States or Canada one year for $1.
poptasre pnld.
OIL.
JOSEPH B. TOPLITZ. 330 Pine street.
MEMBER PRODUCERS' OIL EXCHANGE.
Cnuntrv porr#!»p<itii1<"nc» 5ollrlted.
OIL LANDS FOR SALE.
KERN River Oil Lands— Proven territory in
the well-known tract of "Grace OH Co." for
Eale; also other oil land for sale or lease; most
i wonderful oil field known; over oSO feet of oil
sand; buy from owners and save commissions;
have been In field from start; will glv* you
facts concerning any locality. NEWTON
CARMAN & SOMES. 101 Chronicle bldg., San
Francisco; 416 Douglas Block. Los Angeles;
Southern Hotel. Bakersneld.
A FORTUNE for $500— The first U. S. patent
011 land on the market in 20-acra tracts; send
for map and experts' reports and particulars.
A. L. WILLEY. 91fi Market ft.. 8. F.
PATENTS AND PENSIONS.
ADVICE free; no charge unless successful.
GEO. D. CAMPBELL. Lawyer. Examiner big.
l'EUSOSALS.
OWEN McCABE. Importer, dealer In feathers;
hair mattress and pillow manufactory; old
feathers renovated ami purified; all feathers
sold warranted well dressed with my patent
Bteam renovator. S70 Mission, tel. Jeseie 1114.
MATTRESSES and Pillows, tel. South. 79?,
made to order, renovated: honest work guar-
anteed; feathers and hair cleansed; fine uphol-
stery; good* carefully packed for shipment or
storage. HOPKE BROS., 313 and £0 11th st.
MEXICAN Hair Grower stops the -hair from
falling Immediately and restores gray hair to
its natural color; ladies call and investigate.
Mexican Lady, 142 Sixth st.
CAN* restore hair and remove blackheads: also
shampoo; call for particulars. Address 163
Seventh st.
DANICHEFF sell holiday glove orders, good for
gloves ready-made or to order. 121 Grant ave.
ELECTRIC light In every room— Winchester
Hotel. 44 Third St.. near Market: 700 rooms;
25c to $1 50 per night; $1 SO to $S per week;
free 'bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
HAIR positively grown on bald heads by purely
vegetable compound: absolute proof. Call or
address DR. G. S. MOORE. 4S8 Geary St., S. F.
SUITS to order on Installments; $15 upward; $1
a week. LEON LEMOS, 1117 Market st, be-
tween Sevenoth and Eighth. _•____!
WHITE enamel iron beds, single, three-quarter
or double. $2 25. EASTERN OUTFITTING
CO., 1310-1312 Stockton St., near Broadway.
ACADEMIE FRANCAISE for conversation;
private and class lessons by Parisian. teach-
ers; popular prices. 742 O'Farrell st.
FINE suits. $10; dress pants, $3 75. MISFIT
CLOTHING PARLORS, 437 Montgomery st.
A— $3 50 DERBY and Fedora hats, $1 75. Popu-
lar Price Hatters. 330 Kearny st.. near Pine.
MARRIAGE bureau: est. 1S87; reliable and con-
fidential llBts 10c. MRS. HERTZ. 7C6 Ellis gt.
PRIVATE detective work; reasonable rates; 10
years' experience. J. B. RAY. 357 Jessie st.
MME. ADA. the wonderful gifted healer. 1104
Market st., rooms 3 and 4; one treatment free.
MASQUERADE costumes, play books, wigs;
tfountry orders. GOLDSTEIN & CO.. 733 Mkt.
ELECTROLYSIS destroys superfluous hair and
moles; trial free. MISS EATON, 1119 Sutter.
DR. LAMOTTE'S French Corn Paint, the best
corn cure; 25c; all druggists.
SUITS to ord«»r on easy payments. Art Tailor-
ing Co., 1644 Mkt., under St. Nicholas Hotel.
OLD gold, sliver, diamonds and precious stones
bought. J. R. JENKEL, 817 Market st
ALFREDUMS Egyptian Henna; restores gray
hair, to its natural color; 51: at all druggists.
CHEAPEST and best In America— The Weekly
Call, 16 pages, sent to any address In the
United Ptatea or Canada one year for tl.
l» A TjM I STK Y.
H. JEROME FOSSELLI. scientific palmist. 513
Taylor St.. bet Geary and Post; tel. Black 661.
MME. NEERGAARD, 700 Post: tel. Hyde 2332;
hours 1 to 5 eve., and Sunday by appointment.
l'HVMCIAAS A.MJ ilUGKOA.S.
DR. C C. O'DONNELL— Office and residence,
lOilH Market st.. between Sixth and Seventh.
ItEAL ESTATE— -COUNTRY — For Salt,
A SACRIFICE— Cottage of 5 rooms; lot BSxlCS;
in the choicest residence portion of San Jose;
will - exchange for San Francisco property.
PATTERSON & CO.. 11 City Hall square. f
A CHEAP little ranch of 30 acres, neftr rail-
road town, Alameda County: house, barn,
poultry houses, - plenty of good water. Get
particulars of this. H. H. CRANE. 508 Calif.
CHEAP little home In town, Alameda County;
extensive poultry houses and yards: house for
1000 pigeons; real estate, personal property;
all for S750. Call 603 California St.. room 2-
ACCURATE knowledge, each or the 3000 ranch-
es- on my sale and exchange list — more than
all other agents In city; state what's wanted.
-N. D. SICKELS. the Land Agent. 6 Geary st
FOR sale— In Santa Clara Valley. 13 acres
choice strawberry land, with flowing well.
Address box 5. Los Gatos, Cal.
MARION GRIFFIN. 719 Market St.. sells and
exchanges farms, city property: printed Hats.
UKAL ESTATE TO liXCUAAtiE.
NEW cottage. ( rms., bath; lot 60x100: Mission;
rental terms; and vacant lots. 413 Kearny at
REAL ESTATE— CITY — FOR SALE.
AN INVESTMENT.
A HOME.
A SPECULATION.
If you want either of the above (on* of thre«0
attend auction td be held December 13 at 13
?ocn at Sherman & Clay's Hall, 223 Sutter st
This will ba a chance to secure a bargain that
you cannot afford to ml39. No such list o£
prcperty haa.been offered In 10 years.
IT IS A SALE ¦WITHOUT RESERVE.
• .
See auction ad In this paper or call at mr
office for catalogue and particulars.
B. P. OLTVETR,
REAL ESTATE AGENT AND AUCTIONEER,
14 MONTGOMERY ST.
TWO REAL BTTY3.
FOUR-STORY AND BASEMENT BUILDING
ON HOWARD ST.
BRINGING IN $123 A MONTH.
PRICE $16,000.
A CORNER FIFTY VARA ON 8COTT BT.
With good view and convenient rasldenc*
locality, for only $3000.
THOS. MAQTS * BON*.
5 lXont««a«jr at*
OWNERS of property la tfc« Potnro that wUh
to sell, call on W. J. OCNN, 830 California
st.. 3. F. Savings TJcloa baltting. yM " M ™ um
IV you hare property north of the Park maA
you wish to 8*11 Quickly, than call on wfj.
GUNN. S?0 California «t. *¦
MODERN houses built; loweat prtc*s; ntaas and
estimates furnished. Campbell. njf\r\m^^t,
AUMEDA. ADVERTISEMENTS.
ALAMEDA REAL ESTATE!.
$1850— PART cash: an elegant naw colonial eo*-
tase 5 rooms: fine plumMas: lot 43x130: K.
side street. J. H. TOCXO, builder. 1423 Park.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
OFFICE— 1118 BROADWAY.
OAKLAND UEAli ESTATE.
ELEGANT lots sacrificed. HMO; coat $3000: m*
230: fronts Frultvale ave. SOO— Cost $800; iOx
150: adjoins Frultvale »w. LaYMANCB
REAL ESTATE CO.. 4*0-462 gth St.. Oakland.
PAYING chicken business; chance for a aulck
sale. E. E. BUNCE. 952 Broadway. Oakland.
OAKLAND HOUSES TO LET.
GOOD houses. Get list from GEO. W. AU3-
TIN ft CO.. 1(W> Broadway. Oakland.
OAKLAND FURMTIUU FOR SALE.
AN Introduction to you from H. Schellhaaa, th«
furnltura dealer. 11th and Franklin. Oakland.
KOOM.H FOR HOUSEKEEPING.
CASTRO. 429. nr. 17th.— Rear. S nlc« sunny
rooms; large chicken yard; stable.
CHESTNUT, 293— Furnished rooms for house-
keeping; fine view; sunny corner building:.
ELLIS. 1127— Nicely furnished alcova room with
grate and running: water; housekeeping
FOURTH, 223— Rooms suitable for light house-
keeping; also single; rent reasonable.
HARRISON. 731— Three rooms furnished com-
plets for housekeeping; large yard; rent ill
HOWARD, 1133— Nice sunny front room; coolt
stove; suitable for housekeeping; bath; rea-
sonable.
HYDE. 403 — Sunny suite, housekeeping, suit-
able tor 3. $20; rear suites, yard, laundry. $12.
MARKET, nr. Mascn— Laree room and kit-
chen, folding bed, gas, <10. Call 342 Kearny it.
MISSION. 1T29H. near 13th— Nicely furnished
room, with stove, bath and laundry. f5.
OCTAVIA, 1403, cor. Geary— One or two large
sunny, bay window: mantel gas burners.
TURK. 127 — Large sunny room for a couple;
stove; $10 a month.
VALENCIA. 1232— Nicely furnished alcove
room; light housekeeping; gas and bath; use
of laundry. .
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements ami
| subscriptions has been established at 1094
Valencia et.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch of lice. 220© Flllmor* «t.
KOO31S TO LET — Furn. and Unfnrn.
A— BRUNSWICK House. 148 Sixth— Rooms 2oo
to U per night; il S to S3 per week, and light
housekeeping; open all night.
BURNETT. 1428 Market (old No. 13M)— Fur-
nlshed rms.. suites, single; also unfurnished.
BUSH. 520 (The Elk>— Nicely furnished sunny
rms; day, 23c up; wk. $1 50 up. Mrs. P. Ranft.
CLIFFORD, SM Ellis, cor. Mason— Elegantly
furnished sunny rooms; prices reasonable.
GEARY. 405 (The Navarre)— Elegantly furnished
rms; suites or single; travelers accommodated.
GEARY, 636— Corner house: front rooms; other
rooms: piano, phone; privilege light house-
keeping.
GRAND SOUTHERN, southeast corner Seventh
and Mission sts.— Sunny rooms, en suite or
single; ladles' parlor; reading-room: elevator.
HAYES. 78J — 1 or 2 nicely furnished, rooms;
cheap; suitable for single gentleman; prrvat*
family; use of bath.
HOWARD. 1072— Four room* and bath.
LARKIN. 819^ — Large sunny room; gma and
bath; gentlemen preferred; private; raaaon-
able.
LARKIN. SOi— Sunny front room, neatly fur-
nished; 1 or 2 persons; $3.
LAS PALMAS. 1320 Market St.— Suite of t or S
nns.; private; bath; tin. rms; board optional.
LEWIS place. IS— Furnished and unfurnished
rooms to let; single or en suite.
McCLELLAND. 200 Turk St.— Changed bands:
newly renovated; all rooms facing either
Turk or Jones st.; rent reasonable.
NEW ARLINGTON. 1013 Market st— Nicely
furnished rooms. J3 a week up; SSo a day up.
O'FARRELL, 20— Snnny furnished rooms and
offices; elevator; electric lights; day, wk., mo.
ROYAL House, 126 Ellis St.— Incandescent light:
reading-room, smoking-room and ladles' par-
lor; rooms, per niaht. 33c to SI 50: week. S3 to
$3; month. $8 to 333: elevator on ground fioor;
rooms with hot ar.d cold water; batha.
ROSEDALE House. 313 and 321 Ellis St.— Rooms.
night 25c to $1. week » t» to 14; open night.
SHERMAN AzHirtment House. 23 Eighth St..
near Market— Furnished or unfurnished.
SOUTH OAK. .80— Furnished sunny front room
for one or two gentlemen; bath.
THE STANFORD, 330H Sutter— House changed
hands and renovated; single rooms, $S per
month; suites $13 to $25; all sunny.
TURK, 12S— Front, sunny furnished room, sult-
able for one or two gentlemen.
TURK, 1&-Furn»shed sonny rooms; transient.
TURK. 641— Single furnished front room for
gentleman: private family.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Flllmore st.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements "£
subscriptions has been established at 1C9«
Valencia st.
ROOMS AXD BOARD.
California st.
BOARD and rooms at 415 First St.. near Har.
rlton. ___________-,-^_-,
ROOMS AXDJPOAnP WAXTEP. J
M?f'T?AvTc~"want3 board and room In prrrata
SmllyrioutTpark or Rincoa Hill preferred.
Box 639. Call office.
bkwixo machines asp supplies!
ALL kinds bought, sold, rented, exchanged; r»-
palring lowest rates; open even. 205 Fourth.
BOUGHT sold, rented, repaired; needles and
shuttles: r-rduced rates. 145 «tn; phone Mint i.
ALL kinds bought, sold and rer>aliing guaran-
¦ t»»d. Charl»» Plamb^ck. 1315 Mission, nr. 15th.
STORAGE AMI WAREHOUSES.
BEKINS Van and Storage Co.. 722 Mission St.;
tel. Main 1S49: shipping at cut rates.
WILSON BROS., storage and moTtnsc; covered
vsns. Tenth »nrt M^r»>t: phone South 7J2.
SLOT MACHINES.
BOUGHT and sold; new and second-hand- U»*
display; very cheap. 1167 Market, beCilS 4uiuHOTEL AEEIVALS.
GRAND HOTEL
J C Pearson. L Banos
E P Gained. Cal I
'J W Van Huvenbergb. J
San Jose
Mrs J Klndow. Napa i
M Neumann. Ca!
J L R»ardon, Cal
M P Reardon. Cal
H E Hooker, Menlo
B M Woodhull. Rtktn;
C H Rrnwn, i.'llnton
T P Boyd. S Rafael j
H C Howard. Woodld.
F P 'Mark, Stockton
G W Hatch. Sf-attle ;
L Younjrworth, L Ang
M McWhorter. Kern I
A Van Keulen. Cal
L H Howe. N Y
G Bw»ch<?r, KIngman
A F McPhall. Reno
MIks M Stow. Cal
K C Drum, Omaha
B O Kenney. w & s,
Stanford
H Hebier & w. Idaho
A Wadham & W. Wash
P Tifwd. Petaluma
J J Holllster. Sacto
H K Chapton. Portlnd
H Michael?, Butte
H E B Hawcs, Portld
(i .V-ssf-n. Watsonvllla
F C Edmiston. Ohio
G Chapman, AA Inters
R T Wheeler. Stocktn
J Chun-hill, Stockton
C Harris. Merced
Sin &I J AV right. Sac
Mrs K Maxwell, Sacto
Mrs F K Wright. Sac
O Y Woodward, Cal
W T Phlpps,. Sacto
H N Wood. U S N
C C Iron. L Ang
E B Mill*. N Y
A McDonald, Petaluma
M Byrne. Petaluma
T B Garrison, Spokane
R W Powell, St Louis
R M Asrer & w. Chlcag
Mrs J R Denman, Cal
Mrs Parson. S L Obis
G H Bradt, Cinn
Mrs G Pelter, Sacto
F M Qulmby. Sacto
A H Rteadman. AA'ls
Mrs Yates, Crockett
H J Baron. Wawgon
C Carrier, Dawson
A C Presley, Cal
A M Dollar, 8 Rafael
MIrs Dollar. S Rafael
E L R^ese. Bodle
W S Mrllck, I'asadena
T Fleishman, Ktockton
C R Baxter, Mich
G Hoppln & w, Yolo ¦
PALACE HOTEL.
T B Phllpp. Oakland .
O D Stevens. N Y i
O Hoffman. Cal
Mrs O Hoffman. Cal
A AV Kelly, Berkeley
E O Miller. Vlsalla !
II W Keller. Los Ans
O H A Goodwin. L An
8 HuKhe*. <"hgo
C O Keill. B C
C B Honklns. Spokane
HER Stock, Toronto
S Shannon, Montana
Mrs S Shannon. Monti
J li»an. Salt . Lake .
AV Crozler. USA j
Mrs C Thoroe, Tacoma
Dr . M E Groesman,
Honolulu
E W Straus*. Chgo
E T de Roode. N Y
Mrs K T AA'oolsey.. N T
E D Cummin gs, N Y
Mrs E D Cummings,
N Y
A M Castle. Chgo
AV Y Soper. Canada
E B Ryckman. Canada
W E Matthes, L Ang
G S Holmes, Salt I^ake*
A 8 Levy, NY
J J White. Ohio
Mrs F McLaughlln. Cal
Miss McLaughlln. Cal
WO Bond. S Clara .
F B Baird, Buffalo
Mrs F Baird. Buffalo
E H Belcher, 1 . Boston
J R Spankle, Ohio
A\' J Magner. Ohio' •
F AValttr. Buffalo
Mrs F AValter. Buffalo
L B Carpenter, Denver
F W Saltzsieder. Denv
Mrs F AV Saltzsleder.
Denver
W Babcock. S Rafael
Mrs.W Babcock. Cal
E R Abadle. Berkeley
Mrs D Melone, Cal
H C Whltebead. Chgo
J S Hall. Chg-o
C 8 Sutton. Los Ang
N H Morrison, L Ang
G B Katzensteln, Sact
J C Andrews, Phlla
F T Brady. N X . •
H P Arnold, Boston
W G Page, Idaho
NEW WESTERN " HOTEL.
J Nelde*. Chicago ;
E Meldrum. Chicago j
H Van Weltering. N Y|
T J Roemer. N T
R J Martin, Cal
J B Jphniton. Wash ;
A Johnson, Wash . :
C L Dlxcn. Scranton |
R Emallman & w.Wash
A Nelson, Cal
C J Adams, St Louis
E Halnes, Seattle )
T Waymark. San Josej
W Turner. Manila j
A Turwll &• w. Wash 1
W B Hart, Albany /
J Murphy. Portland
P de Wade. • Concordia,
R G Canby, Aberdeen
H H Wells. Mlnu
G L Ackley & w. Kans
M M Ksolman. Loa An
E Hackett. Dunsmulr
J McQunf, Ky
O L gues, St Paul
Mrs N Urratia, Napa
C Cooper. Portland i :
J Anderson, San Diego
H M McFVrland. Bostn
F- Holllngsworth. Ind
J Patterson & w, Ohio
Wllllam'E. and f Eliza J.. White to William
H. George,, lot on W line of . Guerrero: street,
84 N of; Liberty. N 30 by W- 100; $10. '
William AV. and 'Ida W. - Dlxon. to Timothy
J. Moynthan, lot on S corner of Folsom and
Fremont streets,- SW 100 by SE 8T:6; $10.' • -,
Cuillermo H. de Leon (alias Hyundai to
William " J, and Mary A. Walker to James
M. -Lakenan,, lot s on S line of Pacific avenue.
175 E of Flllmore, E 35 by S 127:8*4; $10. •>
William nn<l Sarah J.'-'McCall to Clarence C.
and Elizabeth T. McCall. ¦ lot on NB corner of
Nfiy, and Craut streets, E 60 by N 110, block 7.
College. Homestead ;clft..' "
Caroline AVlhson, to John J. S. Fey. lot on
W line of Van Ness avenue. 47:6 S of -Filbert
street. S 27:6 ;by W 110:8; $10. ¦¦¦¦ -r* .-\ •
I Grattan D. and Margaret A. Phillips to John
H. Boardman. lot on'W line of Van Ness ave
nue. • 30 -N , of Union street, N 27,-. W 105:0«i. SE
31:7*4. E.SS:7Vb; $10. '. .
J. W. AV right & Sons Investment Company
to Elizabeth F. and F. M. Tuley, lot on , NW
line ot- Madrid street. 50 SW of France ave
nue.' SW 25 by NW 100, block 25, Excelsior
Homestead; $10. . .
Thomas 'A. -Burns - to'~ Mary C. Burns, lots
640 to 650, 652. 654, 656, 658 and 660, Gift Map
3; gift. - X
James B. McGllvray to Harry B. Ptckett.
lots 88 and 39. block 2ti, City Land Association;
no.' 1 -¦'¦ ¦' . '"¦'¦.-¦ ': ; "* : : ¦•'¦¦ ' •
Emella Qulnn to Solomon Getz. lot on B line
of Forty-seventh avenue. 150 N of K street,
N 50 by E 120; $10. .
Edgar Durnan. to- Annie -M. Pontoppidan. lot
on W* line of Fourth avenue. 349:6 N of Point
LobOR. N 6 Inches by W 120; $10. .
G.' Ferls Baldwin to AA'allace: Bradford, lot
on S line of B street, 90 AV of Seventeenth ave
nue. W 30 by S 100: $10. ' •
Mary C. Braynurd to Nathan', and Hannah
M. Frenk, lot on NE line of Hampton place,
98 SE of Folsom, SE 27 by NE 55; $10.
Thomas O" Nell to Georelane O'Neil, lot on
S line of Oak Etreet, 215 W of Flllmore, W 27:6
by S 137:6; gift.
Barbary and Phillip Thorn to F. E. and Ade
laide L. Davenkosen, lot on N line of Bush
street, 192:6 AV of Pierce. W 27:6 by N 137:6; $10.
John and Luna Stierlen to William P. Glynn.
lot on E line of Clayton street, 196 S of Fred
erick. S 26 by E 101:3; $10.
Fredcrika F. Schloss and Nannie A. and
Morris Meyerfeld Jr. to William G. Trevivick.
lot on SW corner of Cole and Hayes 'street, S
25 by W 1Q3:1H; $10.
Rosa Roeenfeld to John J. Pratt, lot on S
line of Clay street, 107:6 E of Laurel, E JO by
S 127:8*4: U0.« •
James B. McGllvray to A. K. Stevens, lot
on S line of Jackson street. 61:6 B of Maple. E
30:9 by S 119:1; $10.
William • Crane Spencer (trustee) to Ellen
Greaney, lot on E line of Stevenson street, 120
N of Fourteenth, N 25 by E 65: $10.
Stcn Erlcksen to Oliver M. France, lot on W
Iln« of Alabama street. 190 S of Twenty-nfth,
S 25 by W.100; ,11200. . .
G. B. and Catherine Dondero to Ougllelmo
Pardlnl, lot on E line of Greenwich alley, 135
N of Greenwich street, N 25:4% by B 30:0*4; $10.
Estate of Jefferson D. or J. D. Smiley (by
Anna Helen Smiley, executrix) to John AVlllls
and Michael Winter, lot on SE corner of Broad
way and Jones street, S 60 by E 47; $2925. v
Carolina Bassi to Thomas Day Company, (a
corporation), lot on NW line of Minna street,
195 SW of Third. SAV 20 by NW 55; $10.
Peter and Winifred McGowan to Anton Met
ten and Chnrles A. Gebhardt, lots 10 and 11,
block 6, College Homestead Association; $10.
Peter Wheelan to Carl G. Larsen, lot on
S line of Q street, 95 E of Twentieth avenue,
E 50 by S 115; $10. ,
Thomas V. and John J. McLaughlln and Cath
erine F. Furlong to John Morlarty, lot on NW
line of Natoma street, '225 NE of Seventh, NE
25 by NW 75; $10.
Henry S. Martin to Antonio Cerrutl, lot on
SE corner of Bay and Taylor streets, S 120.
E 6S:9. N 60, E 22:11. N 60. W 91:8; $10.
Same to Glncomo Clncotta, lot on N line of
Ray street. 172:6 E of Taylor, E 48 by N 137:6;
$25?2. x
John E. Sharp to Aftostlno Cravlotto, lot on
N line of Bay street, 172:6 E of Taylor, E 102:6
by N 137:6; $5500. .
Agostino and Concessa Cravlotto to Giuseppe
Vento. lot on X line of Bay street. 220:6 E of
Taylor. E 24 by X 137:6; $1296.
S. H. Harmon Lumber Company (a corpora
tion) to William M. and Elizabeth M. Gilles
pie, lot on N line of Army street, 74:10 E of
Dolores. .V 76, E 70. S 38, SW to Army street,
AV 23; $10.
Frederick B. and Slgne Maria Hulting to
Edwin W. Bennett, lot on E line of Dolores
street. 163:8 S of Fifteenth, E 1C6:1U. SE 40:9,
AV 173:10 1-5, X 40: $10.
Marlane S. Tourjee (wife of Homer) to
Henry L,. Byrne, lot on S line of Clay street.
105:4 W ot Cherry, W 30 by S 127:S'.i; $2000.
James A. and Jennie T. Watt to C A. Me-
Collam, undivided one-quarter Interest ln lot
on S line of Hayes street, 55 W of Laguna, V
25 by S 120: $10.
and Elizabeth C. McAfee to California Safe
Deposit and Trust Company, lot on N line of
Green street, 63:1<4 E of Devisadero, E 50 by
N 105; S10.
John Ferguson to Giovanni Baclgalupl.'lot on
N line of Waller street, 151:6 W of Scott, W
25:9 by N 137:6; $1300." . * .- .
Welle, Fargro & Co.. R. C. ChamberB, C. W.
Maggie and William F. Egan to Alexander
Bond, lot on 8 line of Grove street. SI :3 W
of Leguna, W 25- by S120; $10.
Pacific Mutual Building and - Loan Associa
tion to Jennie T. -Watt (wife of Jamee A.),
lot on E line of .Devlsadero street, 88:* N of
Ridley, N 37 :S by E 118 rf>; $ia ,
Estate -Henry Tobelmann (by 'Fred Tobel
mann, administrator) to Robert W. : Leslie.- lot
on S line of Hayes etreet, 200 W of Gough,
W K by S 120: IffiOO.
Joseph P. Jy. Count to Ella T. I>* Count, lot
on E line of Castro street, 65, S of El Monte
(William). 8 30, E 111:1, N 30:4, W 106:4, block
34. Mission and Thirtieth Street Homestead;
Eugenie de K. and Pedro A. Brunt to Donald
T. Campbell (administrator of estate of Sophie
or Bophie M. de Ltvron). undivided eighth' ot
lots 1 and 10. San Miguel Homestead; also lot
in Lone Mountain Cemetery; also all interest
In estate of Sophie de'LIvron... deceased. No.
13.570; $10.
John. Mary E. and Tessle A. Lennon to Jo
seph F. Dolan, lots. 331, 334 and 336, Gift Map
William A.. Harriet H.. Thomas Jr., Estelie,
W H. Frederick E... Bell M. and Walter
Magee to Thomas Magee. lot NB corner of Van
Ness avenue and Eddy street, N'30 by E 1W;
gift. • ... ? -¦•¦¦••'
Same to came, lot on . N line of Sacramento
street. 409 E of Drumm. E 72:8 by N 119:6: gift.
Louis Estacaille to William Corbln. lot on W
line of Mission street, S4 S of Brook." S 26. W
12?. N 25. E 132:9. Prectta Valley lot SS>4; $10. -
John Mintern to J. W. Wright & Sons In
vestment Company, lot on W line of Forty
fifth avenue, 225 N of C street. N 75. W 120, S
25. W 120. 6 25. B 120, S 25. E 120: $10.
Same to Christian lieis. lot on S line of Mari
posa street. 100 E of Minnesota. E 1. SW to
a potnt. N to beginning, quitclaim deed; $5.
Joseph P. Le Count to Ella T. Le Count, lot
on VV line of Thirty-second avenue. 175 N of
V street. X 50 by W 120: gift. •
Emma Livingston to John O. Rels, lot on SE
corner of Twentieth (Napa) and Indiana
street*. E 122. SW S&6. N 375. quitclaim deed; $3.
Amelia Wlnd'miller <wife of M.) to Philip
C P Kelly, lot on S line of Oak street. 202:1
W of Lyon. W 31 hi' S 110 (quitclaim deed); $10.
Maurice Wlndmlller to same, same; $10.
Louis Mazzlnl to MarylMazzlnl. lot on S line
of Post street, 100 E of Central avenue. E 25.
S 63. XW to a point. N 59: also all land ln 912
I\ 24 lot on S line of Post street. 100 E of-
Central avenue. E 23, S 63, NW to a point 100
E of Central avenue. N 33; also lot com
mencing on fi line oj land of Patrick Degan.
10f< E of Central avenue, E 3S:5. X 63 to a
rclnt 62 S of Post street, etc.. W 39:9,- S 5S:lVi:
gift.
German Savings and Loan Society to Frank
Pichon. lot" 3, block 4, Marion Tract (hospital
lot): $10. "•
California Title Insurance and Trust Com
pany to Theodor and Katie Rlcharde, lot on
KB corner of Fourteenth and Kolsom streets,
N 27:5Vi. E 99.76, S ZLUU W 100; $10.
Anna B. or Annie' B. Howe to James E. Bell
and A. Dalton Harrison, lot on SW line of
Ninth street. 150 NW of Bryant, NW 25 by SW
100 (quitclaim deed); $1.
Joseph Troje to Marl Troje. lot on E line of
York (Hampshire) street, 168 N of Twenty
first. N 25 by E 100; gift. . • f
H. H. Luse to Lydla F. Luse. lot on SW line
of Essex street, 197 SB of Folsom, 6E S2 by, SW
87:6; cift. "
John O. Rels to Emma Livingston, lot on NW
corner of Minnesota" and Napa streets. N 1*5,
SW 1E0. -E 58; also lot on X lino of Solano
otreet, 15 E of Minnesota, E 35. N 100, E 50,
N 239. SW to, beginning. Intention Is to convey
W half of Preclta Valley block 377, quitclaim
deed; $10. ... .
J. C5. and Mary A. Demlng to Catlierlne
Ix-avltt, lot .on NW corner of Larkin and Eddy
streets, N 25 by W So; $10.
Edward Wolf to William Wolf, lot on N line
of Ellis street, 27:6 E of Octavia, E 110. N 137:6.
S £0. E 27:6 S £7:6; also lot. on N line of Ellis
Street. 165 E of Octavia, E 27:6 by X 137:6:
also lot on W line of Gough street, 100 N of
Kills, N 37:8 by W 90; $10.
Walraven E. J. Van Balvaren to Lena A.
rmmouriez. lot on SE corner of Butter and
Buchanan streets. S 87:6 by E 137:6; $10.
F. P. Deerlng, executor of the estate of
Frances L. Wilson (Kaldlng) to Anna R.
Hencke. lot on E line of Steiner street, 75 S
of Post. S 25 by B 94:6; $6500.
Joseph B. and Mabel L. Coryell to Seattle
Brewing and Malting Company, all same; $10.
George F. Lyon to John M. Mathews, lot
on W line of Thirty-fourth avenue, 250 S of
Clement street, S 50 by W 120; $10.
Adolfo de Urioste (by Charles Altschul, at
torney) to J. W. Wright & Sons InveEtment
Company, lot on NW corner of Thirty-ninth
avenue and K street. W 2»0 by N 600; also
lot on NE corner of O street and Twenty-sixth
avenue. E 120 by N 600; $10.
Moritz and Dorothea Newhouse to Tlllle New
houne.'lot on NW line of Laldley street, 157:10%
NE cf Castro, NE 25 by NW ino; gift.
REAL ESTATE TRANSFERS.
- William- J. . Dlngee - (owner), with George
Braendleln (contractor), architect Walter J.
Mathews— Hardwood finish ln tha dining-room,
main ' halls, ; front and rear . vestibules,- billiard
and bowling alley for dwelling house now being
remodeled ¦ on • NE corner of . "Washington and
Franklin streets, --N 167 SM,' E 124:3, S 167:8^4,
W;124:8U; J12.675.
John Sroufe (owner) with George Eber (con
tractor),: architect Walter J. Mathews— All
work for a two-story frame dwelling on X line
of Page street. 146:1014 E of Baker, E 50 by N
137:6. W. A. 524: $4927. '"TrTHTiTlT)lff| "ifn tjm TlSiif l|[l
Builders' Contracts.
Sellna L. and C. Mills to Town of Berkeley,
lot on S line . of Woolaey street, 570.50 E of
Shattuck avenue. E 10. S 33.80. Nff 60.36 to
beginning, being :a portion of lot 2. Scovllle
Tract, Berkeley; to be used for public street;
fcO.; .-•= . •¦ . .-¦ ' ¦ - ¦ . - .
" Andy L. and Wllhelmlne Stone to Mary Crau
mer, lot on NW line of. Walnut or Grand ave
nue. 125 SW of . Laurel street. SW 40 by NW
120. lot 192, map of Madison Square, Brooklyn
Township; $10/ -¦ ¦
Charles 1 A. Bailey (trustee -of estate. ¦: Jane
Steevens) to Ray W. Slmonds (succeeding
trustee of estate of Jane Steevens). lots 20 and
21, block J, Bryant Tract; also lots 11 and 12.
block 134, corrected map Avery Tract: also
property In other counties; also mortgage made
by M. Louis Black dated February 17. • 1891.
and recorded in 563 M. 345," for $635, > lot 28.
block -101. Allston Tract; also mortgage made
by John Skaale January 17 1S35. and recorded
in 4S1 M. 241, for $600. lot 26, block 122. Tract
B, Berkeley " Land and Town Improvement As
sociation; also mortgage made by Walter R.
Hoag- • March ¦ 10. 1894, and : recorded ln 475 M.
245,- Tor- 1800. - lot 12, block- 123: corrected map
Raymond Tract* also any other property not
now known or discovered, deed of transfer of
trusteeship. Berkeley: grant. .
Anna E. Chlttenden. C Dlckerson and Rox
ana Metcalf (by W. S.'Harlow, commissioner)
to Ida C. Tallon (formerly Baggp). lot on NW
corner of Highland avenue and Elm street. N
122 50 by W" 40,- lot 13. block N, amended map
of Moss Tract. Brooklyn Township; $677.
Jacob and Lina Heyman to Acme Building
and Lnan Association, lots 50 and 51, map of
Alvin Tract, Brooklyn Township; $10. '
Lillian Snyder to Andrew H. Irving, lot IS,
block J. Kllnknervllle Tract, Oakland Town
ship: $150.
Same to John M. Alves, lot 16, block J, same;
$150.
Edwin Whltcomb to H. O. Lamb, lot on W
line of Shuey avenue, 124 S of East Twenty
seventh street, S 30 by W 115, Brooklyn Town
ship; $10.
Beach C. Soule to Ethel P. Soule. lots 19 and
29. block F, map of lands of Oakland View
Homestead Association, portion of Walsworth,
100-acre tract, Oakland; gift.
John Brannan '. to Herman Volgt, lot on N
corner of Piedmont avenue and Mather street.
NE 40 by NW 100, portion of lot 4, block L
Howe Tract. Oakland; $10. . ,.
Alameda County.
Charles J. Eldracher to William F. Eldracher.
undivided one-half of five-eijeths Interest dis
tributed to grantor ln estate of. Peter EU1
racher; eift.
Horace G. Platt to George W. and Mary
Dalmas, lot on SW line of Theresa street. 430:3
NW of Mission, NW 50 by SW 100. lot 121,
Academy Tract; ?10.
M. Ballln and Mary T. Rlley to Aleck Muller.
Intersection of W line of Ware street and NK
line of San Bruno avenue. X 109:4V». W 176,
RE 132:6%. block 7, Garden Tract Homestead;
*10.
J. W. Wright & Sons Investment Company
to John JI. Sherry, lot on SW corner of J
street and Thirty-ninth avenue, S 600 by W
240: $10.'
Robert and Christine F. McMillan to Feodor
Fedderson. lot on S line of J street, 32:6 W of
Forty-sixth avenue, W 25 by S 100: $3oO.
Japob Heyman Company (a corporation) to
Jacob Schmidt, lot on E line of Forty-seventh
avenue. 75 N of J street. N 25 by E 32:8:. *10.
C. B.' Currier and George M. and Ella C.
Mitchell to Mary A. Kldd. lot on N line of
Poln* Lobos avenue, 32:6 W of Twenty-fourth
avenue, W 23 by X 100: $10.
John W. and Emma "vV'eber to Tubbs Cordage
Company (a corporation), lot on W line
of Minnesota Rtreet, 195:9V4 S of Twenty-second,
S 25 by W 100: $5 etc.
Rudolph L. Proll to Henry Ryder, lot on NTV
line of Bryant street, 300 SW of Third. SW 25
by N*W 8O3 »10.
Patrick, Mary P. and Thomas P. Hogan,
Fannie P. Stanton (Hogan) (wife of John P.),
Ellen A. Evans (wife of Arthur W.), Annie
M. Hogan, Mary T. Swift (wife of A. G.) to
James C. Willis, lot on N line of Green street,
234:3 E of Hyde, E 25 by N 66; $10.
'William B. and Jerusha A. Glldden to Henry
P. and Mary S. Peterson, lot on W line of
Shotwell street, 191 S of Twenty-aecond, B 53
by W 122:6; 110.
Clotllde H. V. de Vergara. lot on S line. of
Clay street 202 W of Kearny, W 31 by S 60,
quitclaim deed; ?200. .
Treasurer John B. Lennon reported re
ceipts of $79,675 and expenses of $68,373.
The total funds on hand amount to $12,301.
"The American Federation," said Sec
retary Morrison, "is nowMn a position,
numerically and financially, to accomplish
during the coming year more remarkable
results than have been achieved during
the present year. Members of unions are
beginning to realize that higher dues and
united action are necessary for success."
At the afternoon session Secretary
Prank Morrison presented his report,
which was unanimously adopted.
We had at the end of the fiscal year October
31, 1900, affiliated with the American Federa
tion of Labor: national and International
unions, 82; State federations, 16; city Central
Labor Unions, 206; local trade unions and fed
eral labor unions, 1061.
Through more compact and better equipped
trade unions have come Joint agreements and
conciliations between the workmen and as
sociated employers, and only when conciliation
has failed has It been necessary to resort to
arbitration, and. then the only successful arbi
tration was an arbitration voluntarily entered
Into. Thft more thoroughly the workers are
organized in their local and national unions
and federated by common bond, policy and
polity the better shall we bo able to avert
strikes and lockouts, secure conciliations, and,
if necessary, arbitration, but it must be volun
tary arbitration or there should be no arbitra
tion st all. -
Realizing the necessity for the unity of the
wage-earners of our country, the American
Federation of Labor has upon all occasions de
claied that trades unions | should open their
portals to all wageworkers, irrespective of
creed, color, nationality, sex or politics.
Unless we ehall give the negro workers the
opportunity to organize and thus place them
whero they can protect and defend themselves
against the rapacity and cupidity of their em
ployers; unless we continue the policy of en
deavoring to make friends of them, there can
be no question that they will not only be
forced down in the economic scale and be used
against any effort made by us for our economic
social advancement, but race prejudices will
be mace more bitter and to. the injury of all.
The 'alien contract labor law falls far short
of the accomplishment of what it was original
ly Intended to do, for the reason that viola
tors of the law are easily and systematically
coached how to pass the inspection. The en
actment of wise and beneficent legislation in
the Interests of the toiling masses of the coun
try must still be demanded until all the wrongs
from which the tollers suffer are abated.
It cannot be denied that much faster and
greater progress can be made and will be
made, provided we are firm In our determina
tion to achieve It, unceasing In our efforts and
undivided in our course.
At the conclusion cf President Gompers'
address a recess was taken.
The past year has witnessed a most remark
able crowth In organization among the work
ers, who have realized that there Is no pro
tection for their interests or hope for Justice
and freedom In the future, unless It results
from the unity of the wageworklng masses.
We have issued direct from the, American
Federation of Labor during- the past year 849
charters— to national and International unions,
14; State Federations of Labors, 5; city Central
Labor Unions, 96; local trade unions (having
no national), 484; federal labor unions, 250.
; President Gompera, in a few words, in
troduced' William M; IJIggins, editor of
the Irish American of Louisville, who de
livered the address of welcome, to which
President Gomper3 replied. Gompers said:
LOUISVILLE, Ky., Dec.' 6.— The twen
tieth annual convention of the American
Federation of Labor eonvened at 10:15
o'clock to-day in Music Hall, with 217 del
egates present. Among them were rep
resentatives of the British Trades Con
gress and the Canadian Trades and Labor
Congress, three women delegates and two
colored. .'.v/ ;
Says the More Closely Workingmen
Are United the More' Easily Will
Strikes and Lockouts Be
Averted.
President Gompers Tells of
tha Good That Has
Been Done.
LABOR FEDERATION
IN CONVENTION
Railroad Refuses to Arbitrate as to
Rules, but Agrees to Do So
Relative to the
Wages.
HOUSTON, Tex., Dec. 6.— The telegra
phers belonging to the Order of Railway
Telegraphers on the Gulf. Colorado and
Santa Fe road, extending from Galveston
to Purcell, I. T., left their desks at 11
o'clock to-day. Passenger trains are be
ing operated on running orders from
junction" points and through freights are
also being handled, although there is con
siderable delay. The strike has been ex
pected for some time. A committee of the
Order of Railway Telegraphers went to
Galveston to hold a conference with Gen
eral Manager Polk, to whom they had
presented their grievances. The latter was
in communication with President Ripley,
and it is said by the men that the latter
official refused to yield onevery point, as
well as that of ten consecutive hours of
rest for the operators. The operators say
they expect to gain the active co-opera
tion of other railroad organizations.
CHICAGO, Dec. 6.— At the Santa Fe of
fices in this city the following statement
regarding the strike was given out:
"The operators made a demand for an
increase in wages and for changes in rules
and regulations governing their services
on November 13 last, in the absence of the
general manager. A meeting with a com
mittee of operators was had November
26, when the company made the proposi
tion to the committee to allow operators
employed on the Gulf lines the same rules
and regulations as were in vogue on the
Santa Fe lines west of Albuquerque No
vember 15, which rules and regulations are
the same as were adopted and applied qn
the Atchison road proper July 1 last. The
company also agreed to pay the same
wage rates as were commonly paid by
other roads in Texas, and in the event of
the committee and company failing to
agree as to wage rates they were to be de
termined by arbitration. In other words,
the rules and regulations governing the
employment of operators in force and ac
cepted by operators on the Atchison prop
er and on lines of the Santa Fe system
west of Albuquerque were to be applied, to
operators employed on the Gulf lines, and
if the telegraphers' committee could not
agree with the company as to wage rates
to be paid they were to be determined by
arbitration. Several meetings were had
with the committee, and at length the
proposition of the company as stated,
was accepted. Subsequently, however, it
was rejected and tne strike ordered."
Gulf, Colorado and Santa
Fe Operators Leave
Their Keys.
TELEGRAPHERS
GO ON A STRIKE
ELDORADO, Kans., D«c. 6.— Testimony
in favor of Miss Jessie Morrison was
taken to-day, the prosecution finishing its
side .of the case ?oon after the opening
of court this morning and the defense ex
amining several of its witnesses in their
efforts to prove their assertion of self
defense. . ' •
The prisoner showed signs of physical
and mental collapse and it wa* onry with
great effort that she was enabled to-re
main In the courtroom during the day.
Her fainting spell last night, followed by
a fit of crying, had left her In a weakened
condition and fear was expressed that the
prisoner would not hold out until the close
of the trial and that a continuance would
have to be asked. . Judge Redden, her
leading counsel, said that it was not at
all certain that the' prisoner would be
able to hold up under the strain.
"Last night, said he, "she was feeling
very badly. I do not know what may
happen."
Miss Morrison fainted last night as she
reached her cell after a trying day in the
courtroom. She had revived somewhat
this morning and was more cheerful, but
was pale and weak. She had received a
cluster of roses from an admirer, by ex
press. She seemed happy over the flowers
and wore them into court
Captain Waters, who Is leading for the
prosecution. Is quoted as saying he ex
pected a continuances would be asked by
the defense.
"It is plain," said he, "that 6he is get
ting weaker and It is no wonder. It
would not surprise me to have presented
at any time a phy3iclan's certificate to
the effect that Jessie Morrison could not
go on with the trial."
Such a continuance would postpone the
trial Indefinitely and make necessary the
selection of a new jury and a rehearing
of all evidence. It is doubtful if another
set of twelve men who have not formed
an opinion on the case would be found in
the county.
The State this morning closed its side of
the case and the defense put its first wit
ness on the stand. »
The last witness for the prosecution was
Dr. Fulllnwider, ona of the physicians
who attended Mrs. Castle. He repeated
the testimony concerning the manner in
which the * dying statement was made.
Then Prosecutor Btumback read to the
jury the dying declaration, as abridged by
the court. He read with great delibera
tion, putting emphasis on each telling
sentence .and the Jury followed him
closely.
The defense say they propose to show
that Mrs. Castle called Jessie Morrleon
into her house and began a quarrel. They
have a witness to prove this, they say,
and Miss Morrison'6 own testimony will,
it is declared, make convincing the testi
mony of the witnesses for the defense
who have preceded her.
The first witness for the defense was
Mrs. Emma Grover, who made the offi
cial record at the preliminary -hearing of
the prisoner. She identified the records
in which Mrs. Emma Spangler testified
that she had seen nothing in the hand of
Jessie Morrison on the morning of the-fa
tal quarrel. During the present trial Mrs.
Spangler said she thought there was a
blade in Miss Morrison's hand.
W. W. Bugbee, Mayor of Eldorado, tes
tified to a conversation had with Mrs.
Spangler in June. He said:
"I asked Mrs. Spangler whether Jessie
Morrison had a weapon in her hand after
her fight with Mrs. Castle, and Mrs.
Spangler said that she had not."
Mrs. O. It. Cline told of a party at her
house last spring before the Castle wed
ding, at which both Miss Morrison and
Miss Wiley were present. Miss Wiley had
arrived first, and when Miss Morrison
came in Miss Wiley did not notice her.
Faints as She Is Taken to Her Cell
and Gives Way to Uncontroll
able Fit ") of Weep
ing.
May Require Postponement
of Her Trial for
Murder.
MISS MORRISON
IN A WEAK STATE
•THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL; FRIDAY DECEMBER 7, 1900.
13
JkltMSTP.OXG-In this city. December 6, UX».
-iam«s. b*loA*-<3 husband of the late Klisa-
l>rth Armrtrons. and father of Mrs.
A. II. VhtH-l^r l>"n<3rum. Genrgc, William,
Fttdtrick, Henry. Alfred, Florence and Krt-
win Arrnstr'^.g, ii nativ* of Ireland, aged S3
jc-ars. - -¦-."
C7rrifn4f and acquaintanoei! are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
• h'axurdsyi. at 10 o'clock, frnm hi« late rwi-
denoe, 3 1 \ Moss Ftr^ft. Interment Cyprera
I>«wn CVmetPry, by carriage.
UAKTHOL- In this city. £>ec«nber 4. 1900,
>largaretl:a. ' dear'.y beloved wife of Adam
Barttiol. a native of 'Wurtemberg, Germa-ny,
ar»d £$ years 4 month* and U days.
¦ CT7FuneraJ private, lhi* day (Friday), at 2
o'cIock. from her late residence. 463 Minna
street, between Fifth and Sixth, and thence
to Odd Fellows' Crematorium, where th* re-
mains wlU be incinerated. Please omit flow-
en.
ELOOHMAX— In thii city, December S. W0\
Mrs Nanette Blochman. mother of L. E. and
Hannah Blochman and Mrs. D. V. Rooenthal.
a native Ot Bavaria, Germany, aged 70 years
t.nd • months.
C7" Friends and acquaintances are re*pect-
fjlK- invited to attend the funeral this day
- •Fridi.y* at 10:li o'cl<»ck, from her late resl-
• dorce 17» Sutter Ftreet, and thence by 11:30
o'clock truin from Third and Townsend streets
to Home or Peace Cemetery '°r Interment.
•Rttl 1>-In this city, December 5, 1300. Antiona
p.lll ™f€ cf th* late Captain H. M. Kail, a
native o! Sachaen. Germany, aged £0 years
and acquaintances are respect-
'uliy ln»itrd to attend the funeral this day
: Fnd£v) at 1 o'clock, from the i>arlora of N.
Oray & 'Co.. C« Sacramento street.
nixTKn In K-verside. December t. IftOO.
**i£££rc Baxter, beloved father of Mrs. E.
if Strotfldse «nd brother of Mrs. l«ura
S^wSTSSw of New Tork, seed 70 years
1 txinih and 2 dajs.
' CTFr ends and acquaintances are r«ipfc!-
fu^fl 'nvlted to attend the funeral to-morrow
'"aiurda" 1 at 3P o'clock, from th« Congre-
«ti "ntl Chu?ch. Hayw.rc« Alameda County.
Ir.tprmcrrt San L-jrenzo Ce^ ler> ' . . 1(M
CHATCLLE-In this >!ty. December 5. 1900,
M«rv Jl ChateHe belov*<J mother of Fran-
o^ar-d E^wlrt'chateile. Mr^. Addle <>jn«.
MrF Annie SleighU Mrs. Catherine Mag-
lord cndMr» I>^1na Eturltia, a native of
r^Vy RoVc"mraon. Ir*lind. ««^ «>•«?"•
1>K\V-In tliiu city. December 6, IX». Kdwin
3 harnson. beJowi* husband of Cora Booth
I -an. father of Florence K- and Raymond H.
lun. and brother-ln-l«w cf Mr. «*"!«": ';;
E Booth and Mr. and Mrs. George Frfdrlcka
DIED.
>rmrtrong. James UAAf, Micnael
Part hoi. Marearptha Lilly. Fredertck F.
Kaxter. Geotee C. Murphy. John
itl«rbnun. Mrs. K. O'^hea. I>^> J. P.
Hall, .Antton* <»X*-il. Thomas
<hatrt>. Mary O'Neill. Gladys J.
]i<an. Kdwin II. Oswald. Abner J.
Dlckisaon. Su^an D. Perkins, llarriet H.
Ki.viui. Marj- T. V. Rollins. Georffe
Hi»-Kchf«-ld. Walter =rann^ll. John
Hughe*. John Silver. Bei'.e
,l< iinson. Hattle H. Werner, Robert
KnlelWT, Thn-na? WiKJberger Catherine
MABKIED.
fltAJCZEX— DITTES— In thin city, December 4,
3'-<-<). >;y the Rev. Dr. E. Nelander of the First
Kngliph Lutheran Church. Henrj- F'ranzen
' ar«l ICnima M. l>itt«>». both of San Francisco.
HAP.r>-LA!iSEN— In this city. December »,
OM, >,y th*- l>r. K. N>lan<Jer of the Firn
Kni:!:s!i Linheran Church. John E. Hare and
I»-.r?i J-aTven. l«th of t=n Francisco.
CVLLKN— In this city. November Zl. 1500. to
the wif«> of D. J. <:ullen. a daughter.
fnZIII"'JH-lr. this city. I)»wnb»r 5. IW*). to
the viife of Captain S. K. Fitxhugh. a daugh-
ter.
fcOEXHMAN-In thi* city, to the wife of John
K<-<-nf in«Ti. a daughter.
to ih« wife of NVleon AniJer*on. a daughter.
BO UN.
gUTDEBSOK— Ia this city, November IS, 1300,
B:rtii. marria** «nj death notices sent by
Snail w;;i not lie inserted. They muyt be handed
Jn at either cf th* publication offlces and be
indort«l *ith the nam<» and rt-Fidence of per-
&.< r.s authorized to havo the same published.
HBlHB-MABHUGB-DEiffi
Fully two-thirds of a woman's troubles
result from reasoning with her heart in-
stead of. her head.
Tfc« following marriage licenses were Issued
yesterday:
Joseph J. Lagcn-.arsino. 23. Colma. and Delia
K. L^gomar*ino. 13, 271T CTIement street.
J«ni's J. Whelan. 27. Milwaukee. Wis.. and
X>ra G. \Vll*<..n, 27. city.
John Wilcon, 35. 1103 Fhotwell street, and
Cecilia V. Fitzr-atrick. :4. US] ghotwell ftreet.
Err^y H. HoveU. 21. $23 Geary street, and
*!ary M. Breussaa, 21. 833 Geary street.
Salvaiore Orlando. 25. lal- Alto, and Gaetana
ScUanti. ?•. 4--' 1 , Ureen etreet.
Gat-'a:io Favaioro. 3, ISO Stockton street,
»n«i Maria IWlanti. I*. 423i* Green street.
John W. Thoir.aF. SJ, Chico. and Mar>- C.
»Ii!l<r. 1«. I'*!* Urfon Etreet.
Cfearlec Mitt-hel!. 24. Oakland, and Kate
JJf-hm. I«. 610 Frar.clfco street.
Ge<;rp.' P*ter. 47, 2223 Taylor street, and Jo-
•^phiur Doiueiaue. <•>. "X I'nion
Xfrh^la-? J. Stujmrfeh. f4. £337 Larkin ftreet.
and KmU> <•. IJ«>b»cher. 12. 1011 Broadway.
MABRIAGE LICENSES.
A<!<lres=s J. J. SCOVILLE. Eecretarv Board
cf P:rectors cf the Veterans" Home or Call-
:or:iii. room 13. C20 Sansome st.. San Fran-
<-i«co. Cal. By order of the Board of Dlrec-
-* Or * J. J. SCOVILLE. Secretary.
.tKOfOSALS for co-eirv!cting. by contract,
thrr* rrt>:Tt<»d cruis.r? will b«? received at
'. hp Navy Department until 12 o'clock noon.
«<n Friday. February 1. tin. when they will
'? publicly opened. A circular defining the
> hief characteristics ot salj vessels ie now
r *»^y for distributiOAi amung fiidders. The
• jilans and Fiietifiratinns may be examined.
¦ijwn aj;i!ir«tlon to tlie department, on and
after thia date, and firms of prop<>sal and
<Titract Mill be furiiit-h^d after December IS
nog. JOHN D. LONG. Secretary of the
Navy. 12-1-3900.
L !: M
BIDS VV ANTED— Notice U hereby given that*
t^sjled prcrK>sals will be received by the Board
a Directors or the Veterans' Home of Call-
• orr.ia. at its o:flc*. rsom 13. 320 Sansome et .
tan rranolseo. Cal.. up to 10:30 o'clock a m
*-ATlRDAY. December S. ISOf. and opened
immediately thereafter In the presence of bid-
<-f.Tf-. lor furniFhir.g and delivering quarter-
maftpr end corr.mltsarj' supplies for the Vet-
trar.s-' Home. Napa County. Cal. (railroad sta-
IV» Yeuntville). for six n»omhs commencinc
Janury 1. 1S01. and er.aing June 30. 1901. Kched-
¦ uiee n-ith informatkn arid Instructions for
»ubrr.itv.ns bid? tvI'.I be lurnifhed upon apnll
-ta'ion by the undersigned. Bidders will care-
J'Jllv fellow the conditions of the schedules
• ar.d no bid will be considered unless It Is In
fccocrdance with tach sch-<3ules. Each bidder
r:ust accompany his bid with a certified check
upen fcTT,» well -known and responsible bank-
ing hcute for at least 10 per cent of the
- r. mount of his bid, payable to C. Maiton
Kinne. treasurer, conditioned that the bidder
«i'i enter into a c°od and xalid contract upon
notice of acceptance as required by law. The
board reserves the right to reject any or all
bf<is ar.d to crder any quantity over or under
the amouct srecifled.
Dle^l-'ENlj notice— The Olatit Powder Com-
• rar-y. Con.: A dividend. No. "4. of seventy-
fiv* epets <75c) per share en the Issued capi-
tal «toek of the cmupany has been declared
r*yabie at the office of the company. 430
California ft., San Francisco, on December
10. 1SO0. Jransfer book* clise Deocmber J.
1SQQ. at noon. A. A. SPARKS. Secretary.
X>U tDr-NIJ Nctice.-DivJdend No. 22 <thlrty
«-nts por Fharr) of the Taauhau Sugar Plau-
'iiiicn Co., win be payable at the office of the
. . company. S27 Market et.. on ana after Mon-
cay. Iiecember 10. 1?00. Transfer books will
cloee en Tuesdr.y. December 4. 1900. at 3
o Cork p. m. E. H. SHiLDOX, Secretary.
UIVIDKM) NOTICES.
OHO "fkLLOw"s : PavirS*^[nkT"room" 7 ' 240
Montgomery et.— Dividend No. 17 in liquida-
tion, being i«o and three-eighths <2\) p^r
c^nt on all oepcslte. will be payable at said
hank en ard aft^r Ti:nsr»AT. November 20,
1P06; total amount of dividends decUred in
'l?%) *" n ' ne * ind " VCn eiSDtDl
JAMES BENSON, Secretary.
g£ri Franrisco. November 19. 1500.
GREAT BARGAINS IN TTPEWRITERS-We
sc.l better Ruurhlnea for lets money than any
- !i. ou i* ln the clt > - : rentals, $3. The Typewriter
cxchiir.ee. SS6 California; telephone Main 265.
ALTVAY8 bargain* m typewriters; any makeT
rt « fw prlcet tB U * **• ALEXANDER.
?1© Montromery «t.
_ ¦ TYPEXVKITEKS ASD SUPPLIES.
MONSTER COMBINATION
AUCTION SALE
-OF-
REAL ESTATE
"Without Reserve," "No Ifs." "No *
Confirmations by Any Court,"
"An Absolute Sale,"
—ON — —
Wednesday, December 12, 1900 ,
At 12 M. Sharp,
I WILL OFFER AT
PUBLIC AUCTION
Without Reserve, nt
SHERMAN & CLAY'S HALL,
223 Butter Street,
By order of tne Trustees of .the Estate
of ETJOENB KELLY of
New York,
Their entire real eetate holding* In the city ,
and county of San Francisco, comprising a list j
of as choice property aa has ever been offered,
at - auction for the past twenty years. It Is
Income producing, well rented. and every piece
has a future, and with one exception It all faces
en accepted streets. The buildings on the Im-
proved property are ln tlrst-clasa condition and
the best of repair. The tenants could be ru>
better.
Remember, the sale is without re-
serve. No "ifs," no "subject to own- ]
ers' approval,'^ no "confirmation by
the Probate Court." It is an absolute
sale to the highest bidder for United •
States gold coin.
Remember, it is all corner prop«rty.
SANSOME AND SACRAMENTO ST3.
¦ Land assessed for
Joo : S? IH.00O; Improvements
g assessed for $14,230; ln-
£ "5 iurance, |20,2»; pre-
S S I miura. JS3 05: north-
100 ~ west corner of Sansome
¦ ' and Sacramento streets.
EacramentOk Tho improvements on
this property . consist of a Orst-class brick
building:, renting for $250 per month; no lease.
SANSOME AND COMMERCIAL STS.
Land assessed for
Commercial. $20,260; Improvements
§2Tj I ? *9»«ssed for $13,000; ln-
d surance, $17,500; prem..
9 g I11S 60; southwest cor-
8 3 ner of Sansome and
f>-» p Commercial streets.
1 — This is a particularly
fine investment. The building- Is stout and
substantial, with extra heavy brick walls, built
to last a century- The total rents are $323 per
month. The store. 4&9 Eansome. rents for $30;
the store, 413 and 415 Sansome, for $l&0, and the
upper pert (the Coso House) for $125; no leases.
MONTGO11ERT AND SACRAMENTO STS.
I* - Land assessed for
C Sacramento. $50,000; lmprovemenU
el «^ 1 assessed for $13,500; In-
o| surance, $20, W0; prem.,
M e , n $96; southeast corner
c of Montgomery and
£ ce.a Sacramento streets.
* ii± Thl« corner was for-
merly occupied by the Donohoe-Kelly Banking
Company. The improvements consist of one 4
of the most substantial flie-story brick build- "'
Ings In the city. Alvtnza Hay ward's magnifi-
cent eleven-story office building' is ln the same
block, only 150 feet distant. The basement and
first story are leased to July .1. 1903. for $223
per month. - The upper floors bring only the
nominal rent of $113. At a small expenditure
In modernizing the upper part this rent could
be doubled.
FILLMORE. ¦
1 137:6 137:6 W. A. BLOCK 806.
60-vs.ra lot 1, assessed
' for $10,800.
60-vara lot 1. assessed
-• — j- 50-vara lot 3, assessed.
3 S r? 4 " for $11,470.
o in in 60-vara lot 4, assessed
for $11,020.
50-vara lot 5, assessed
137:6 137:« for $3000.
_ 60-vara lot 6. assessed
% 2 for $10,570.
£ z. This block is leased
2 w S to ias a whole to March 1,
P ? 2 r? *5 2 ' 1M2 - at * * 375 P* r month.
" . Improvements belong
to the lessor and can
be removed by her
at the termination of
137:6 U7:8 lease. If the block is
not sold as a whole.
' — ¦-. m but in 50-vara suodl-
3 1 " 8 " visions, the purchaser
£ n •> of each 50-vara will be
entitled to one-sixth of
the monthly rent of
the entire block during
137:8 137:8 the term at the lease.
nTnaTPn At the- expiration of
EBS1 tK. the ]eage th6 purchas , r
can enter Into possession of tha land.
This block of land Is destined to become one
o* the most valuable In the Western Addition.
fronting, as It does, on Flllmore and Turk
streets and being the most Important transfer
point north of Market street It is now nearly
entirely occupied for business purposes, and ln
ten years will pay 4 per cent net on $230,000. It
ia ona of the few remaining whole blocks in
thb heart of the Western Addition, tnl Its
possibilities are very great, eltner for business
purposes, pleasure grounds or as a church,
school or recreation center.
BEALE AND BRYANT STS.
. • Land assessed for
• 137 .» $31,500; improvement*
" " _ belong to tenant ;north-
¦a £ n west corner of Beale
S; •• E. and Bryant streets.
1S7 .. i» Thla grand corner, con-
iii^ etstlngr or two 60-vara
Bryant. lots, has the greatest
future of any property ln San Francisco. Fac-
lns the water front, across the street from
tho Santa Fe depot, and graded out of solid
reck It presents a chance for investment that
If seldom offered at public or private sale.
There is a lease on the property expiring Feb-
ruary 1. 1912. The rent up to February 1. 1%2.
'is $200 per month, for the next five years $250
per month and for the balance of the term I30O
p«r month. During the life of this lease the.
value of the property will increase at reast ac
the rate of 6 per cent per year, and more likely
I at the rate of 10 per cent.
FILLMORE. 'W. A. BLOCK 808.
, ~ ,tv * Three 50-rara lots.
2T:f 27:6 K:6 27:6 27:8 assessed for $31,600; Im-
provements assessed for
'¦ UV — ?* g — $1300: the lots faelnr
g 3 8 o § Eddy and Webstar
streets are most ad-
L — I L_ — vantageously situated
•» 157:8 . 137:6 •. for residence purposes.
o J° either dwellings or
1, ¦ ,„.,¦ — "' ia7 .-g — «, Cats, being only ten
fi 137 .« 137.6 * minutes* ride from
<S , « Market and Powell
,• f. 137:6 137:6 • streets, and ln the 1m-
plij a mediate neighborhood
R|- i,u . " ' — xz-i — £!«* primary, grammar
g £ . 137:6 ,13;:«-^. (and high schools. The
r S «ilots facing Flllmore
£ 137-8 137:8 "Si 811 ** 1 are business
i; vj ! propositions, as th»
fr N ' — only two business
2 » 137:6 137:6 "streets in the Western.
B» g! Addition are FUlmore
HiS — iri ' 137- C — «ii an< i Devlaadero. Land
g 137.6 13. .« fronting on Flllmore
«i H. street in this location
V. 137:6 137:6 «»|sol<i 13 years ago for
J5 ¦ ¦ Jg;$200 per front foot, ln-
— — ;»*«le lots. Keep ln mind
{that the lota are extra.
g - S - . - wide, having" 27:6 front.
3 S o . g § - i an d i are especially
(adapted to 3-flat dwell-
«-.« --.<•«.../. »-./. a-.*] Ings. There Is a two-
|2.-£ T7-6 27:6 27.6 27.^. t »^, fnmm dweUIns
' WEBSTER. : on the northwest cor-
ner of Eddy and Web-
iter streets, renting for $20 per month.
SPEAJt AND HOWARD STS.
,.„.„. Land assessed for
Howard. . 119.250; Improvements
( j«ng belong to tenant; south-
_ " _ ™ west corner of Spear
" Vi.'.'S 2 and Howard streets.
•£ c-. f? This Is a piece »f prop-
gi .j ' erty that has been eaff-
I : «xiy sought after, and
the owners have time and again been asked to
put a price on it. It is ln the heart of what
Is rapidly becoming the wholesale district of the
city. All the large real estate transactions of
the past year have been in the vicinity, and
the surrounding property is now rumored to
belong to the Santa Fe or Southern Pacific
companies. Present : rental, $S5 per month; no
lease. . •¦^^
The water rates are all paid by the tenant
where not mentioned. Any further, particulars
or information wlll.be gladly furnished at the
office of . ¦ - - -
B. P. OLIVER,
Real Estate . Agent and Auctioneer,
: < 114 Montgomery Street.
ll*
LKAKY tin roofs painted and repaired. Rooms
• r6-^.. 606 Montgomery, tel. Main f.'2S.
Ar £ ST Ma b * ?t ia Amenca-The Weekly
i- h } c pa * M - fei 2 t0 an y address >n the
U^ijtates or Ca= a fia one year for $1.
BAX> tenant* ejected for $4: collections made
city or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION CO
¦ <15 Montgomery «t.. rooms S-10; tel. 6589.
Bo you remember "Peck's
Bad Boy P" Tlie tricks lie
played on the groceryman and
. the rubber hose he put in the
• soup for macaroni and — why
• of course, no one could ever
' forget that boy. Well, George
. "W. Peck, author of those fun-
- niest of yarns and incidentally
- at one time Governor of Wis-
' consin, has taken up the pen
again to tell us about that
- same boy — now grown up. Tho
- Sunday Call will publish these
" stories exclusively on this
" coast. Next- Sunday's issue
will contain the introductory
paper, which will give you an
. idea of the good things to fol-
* low. ' * '
_ SPECIAL XOTICES. I
: %?^! C t?~'^ b * ndone^^ clren la the Roman
cathcllc Orphan Asylum since July i, isjj-
B52«5rte 8ge 8 ycars: Laretto Duran. ;';
Madeline Duran, 6; Ray Croal, 8. "*••••
C^Kriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
'Friday), at 9:15 o'clock, from the residence
cf her" daughter. 563 Liberty street, off Cas-
tro, thence to St. Boniface's Church, Golden
tJate avenue, where a ' requiem mass will be
celebrated, thence to Mount Olivet Ceme-
tery. '
ICT Friends and acquaintances are respect-
¦ fully invited to attend the funeral services
X\\\r day (Friday), at 10 o'clock, at Christ'*
Church. Alameda. Interment private.
ROLLINS— In this city, December «, 1900.
Ceorge Rollins, a native of England, aged
£.4 year*.
SCANNE1-L— In this city. December 5, 1900.
Jchn Scannell. a native of Ireland, aged ti
vears.
SILVER— Belle Silver, dauphter of Solomon and
the late Johanna Silver, and fister of Joseph.
Charles and Rose Silver, a native of Merced,
fieri 23 years and 11 montns.
WEHNFB-In this city, December 6. 1900; Rob-
trt Werner, clearly beloved brother of Mrs.
Wanda Mayer, Mrs. Hulda Seitz and Oswald
Kreuz, a native of Germany, aged 59 years 1
month and 25 days. A member cf Yerba
Burna Laaeer Xo. 8 and Pacific Statnm No.
6<5. U. O. K. M.
GTKemains at the funeral parlors of H. F.
Maas», »17 Mission street, near Fifth.
WILDBERGER- December 5. 1900, at the resi-
dence of her daughter. 5C3 Liberty street.
Catherine, beloved wife of George TVildberger
of Nnr>a, and mother of George, Julius and
Joseph Wildbenjer and Mrs. Louise Trimble,
a native of Hesse-Darmstadt, Germany, aged
E2 years' 1 month and 12 days.
tnTTrler-dx and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
• Fridav). at 9:45 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence. 711 Oak street, thence to Sacred Heart
Church, corner of FJllmore and Fell streets,
where a solemn requiem high mass will be
celebrated for the repose of his soul, com-
mencing at 10 o'clock. Interment Holy Cross
Cemetery. by electric funeral car from Eight-
eenth and Guerrero streets.
O'NEILL— In this city, December 6. 1900, Gladys
Jr.^rhine. beloved daughter of Joseph and
Kitty O'Neill, and granddaughter of Charles
and Hannah Myers and Edward and the late
Mary O'Neill, a native of San Francisco, aged
1 year 7 month* and 16 days.
fc7"The funeral will take place to-morrow
(Saturday), at 12:30 o'clock, from the parents'
residence. 1511A Howard Etreet. Interment
Holy Cross Cemetery.
OSWALD— In St. Helena, December 6. 1P00,
Abn<»r J. Oswald, a native of Chicago, III...
age d W years and 6 months.
PERKTNP— In Alameda. December 5. 1900, Har-
riet Hyde P-rkinn. wife of the late Rev. Al-
fred S. PeaXlns. and mother of Mrs. James
M. Bailey Snd Mr*. t»rant Boyd. a native of
Norwich. Conn., aped 64 years.
Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Saturday), at S o'clock, from the parlors of
J O. O'Connor * Co.. »C7 Mission street,
thence to St. Teresa's Church, where a re-
quiem high mass will be celebrated for the
uijiuet of his soul, commencing at 8:4»
o'clcck. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
O'SHEA— In Ocean View, December f>, 1900,
Leo Jame* Fatrick OShea, dearly beloved
son of Patrick and Mary O'Shea. 'beloved
brother of Frank. Vincent J.. Rosanna M.
and Lrf>r«*tta M. J. O'Shea. and nephew of
Johanna O'Sr-ea, a native of California, aged
4 years l months and 1 day.
O'NEIL— In thin city, December 4, 1900, Thomas,
beloved husband of Georgle A. O'Neil, and
brother of James. John and Dennis J. O'Neil
and Mrs. Mary Delany, a native of County
¦\Vicklcw. Ireland, aged 54 years.
CyFrlends are respectfully invited to at-
tend the funeral services this day (Friday),
at 9:30 o'clock, at Masonic Temple, corner
Post and Montgomery streets, under the aus-
pices of Fidelity Lodge No. 120. F. and A. M.
Interment Hills of Eternity Cemetery, by ll;30
o'clock train from Third and Townsenl
Etreets.
HTTUHES— In this city. December J. 1300, John
Hushrs. a native of England, aged 61 yean
7 months and 26 days.
C^TThe funeral will take place this day
<Kriday.t at v o'clock, from the parlors or
J. C. O'Connor & Co., 767 Mission street. In-
terment Laurel Hill Cemetery.
JOHNSON— In this city, December 6. 1900,
Hnttie Hcadle-y Johnson, only daughter of
Mary H. Johnson, a native of Cincinnati;
Ohio.
KFTLLEHER-In this city, December 5, 1900,
Thomas Kelleher. dearly beloved son of
Michael and Margaret Kelleher. and beloved
brother <>f John, Edward, Daniel, James,
Michael Jr.. Margaret and Agnes Kelleher
ami Mrs. E. HOKan and Mrs. J. Conerton. a
native of Pan FYancisco, aged 34 years 5
months and 23 days.
E7" Friend* and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
< Saturday), nt 12:45 o'clock, from the parlors
of the Oantner & Guntz Undertaking Com-
pany. 1209 Mission street, between Eighth
and Ninth, thence to St. James Church, cor-
ner Twenty-third ar«» Guerrero streets for
*ervic«-?. commencing at 1:30 o'clock. Inter-
ment Holy «:ioss Cemetery.
LIHDY— In thla city. December 6. 1900, Michael
Liddy. a native of Ireland, aged 72 years.
LILLT-ln this city, December 3. 1900. Fred-
erick F. beloved son of Henry and Elizabeth
Lilly, and brother of Henry R. Lilly, a native
of New York, aged 21 years 2 months and 29
C7"Frlends and acquaintance* are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
iFri'daj) at S o'clock, from the parlors of
McAvoy & Co.. 1239 Market street, between
Eighth' and Ninth, thence to St. Peter's
Church. Twenty-fourth and Alabama streets,
wher? a solemn requiem mass will be cele-
brated for the repose of his soul, commencing
at * o'clock. Interment private. Mount Cal-
vary Cemeteiy. Please omit flowers.
Mrn'PHY— In this city, December 5, 1900, John
Murphy, beloved brother of Cornelius and
Pitrick Murphy, a native of County Tlpper-
aiy. Ireland, aged 33 years.
ETKtitnds and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Saturday), at 10:30 o'clock, from her late
residence. 839 Minna street, thence to St.
Patrick's Church, where a solemn high mass
will be celebrated for the repose, of her soul,
comnuncinff at U o'clock. Interment Mount
Calvary Cemetery.
HIKSCHKELD— In this city." December 4. 1900,
Welter, beloved husband of Lillie Illrschfeld.
and father of Herold Hlrschfeld. a native of
London. England, aged 36 years.
[EyFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Saturday), at 2 o'clock, from the parlors of
the California Undertaking Company,- 405
Powell street, near Post. Interment Odd
Fallows' Cemetery.
FLYNX— In this city, December 5. 1900. Mary
T. P. Flynn. beloved wife of Hugh Flynn,
and mother of. Hugh Francis Flynn, a native
of Tuolumne County, California, aged 44
years 10 months and 5 days. (Canadian pa-
pers pleas* copy.)
and Edith L. Booth, a native of New York,
aged 4S years 10 months and 23 days.
CyKrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Friday), at 1:30 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence. 61G Guerrero street, between Eighteenth
and Nineteenth. Interment Cypress Lawn
Cemetery by electric funeral car. - -
DICKINSON— ln this city, December 6, 1300,
Susan 1)., beloved wife of John J. Dickinson,
and mother of Prank Dickinson and Cora
IMckinson Fuller, a native of Virginia, aged
72 years.
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
IIENRV J. GALLAGHER CO.,
*£ucces»or to Flannasan & Gallagher)
DANIEL P- roSOVAX-ER-vFRB
FCKEBAL DlKECTOIUs AND EMBALMERS.
20 y-.it.ti Kt_. opposite Lincoln sscnooi.
Telephone South 80.
LMTED UNDERTAKERS,
:: snd Z» ruth st. Tel. Scwth 167.
iCIfElAL D^ECTOaS AND EKBALKEIU.
KlneM Equipment at Moderate Kates.-
i/vic/W/O'V «fc CO..
riTXKRAL, DIRECTORS & EUBAUJERE,
1128 Market rt.. betwe«» 8th and 9th.
Tele;<hone South :<7.A*^ HARLES WATSON GRANT, one
fl of the best known insurance men
UL-^ In this city, died suddenly at his
' home, 2418 "Webster street, early
yesterday morning. The deceased
was dressing himself preparatory to go
ing down to his office whence fell sudden
ly to the floor and expired. Drs. Dodge
and Sommers had been treating Grant for
some time. He was a victim of heart dis
ease. , ¦
The deceased was 58 years old and a na
tive of Charleston, Mass. His first position
in the insurance business was with the
Pacific Insurance Company In 1864: In 1871
the London, Lancashire and Globe Com
pany: reinsured the Pacific's business, and
Grant then became connected with the
former company. For many years he has
been the manager of the city business,
which responsible position he has filled
with great credit. '
In every branch of mercantile life the
deceased was well known, and was a uni
versal favorite on account of his quiet and
courtly manners. Grant leaves a wife and
a large family to mourn hl3 loss. No defi
nite arrangements have yet been made for
the funeral.
Falls Dead on the Floor While He
Is Dressing to Go to Business.
CHARLES GRANT PASSES SUDDENLY
AWAY, VICTIM OF HEART DISEASE
The will of the late Mrs. Jennie Hoyt
was admitted to probate by Judge Troutt
yesterday. Ex-Judge S. C. Denson was
appointed executor of the estate, to serve
without bonds. During the hearing of the
testimony offered in proof of the will it
developed that decedent's estate is worth
$75,000.
Jennie Hoyt's "Will Admitted.
"Young Dutchy" Testifies.
Fred Hansted, better known as
"Young Dutchy.Vitobk the stand In Judge
Dunne's court yesterday and testified In
his own behalf;- He testified that, the only
cqnnectlonhe had with the conspiracy by
means of which John M.= Chretien hoped
to. loot the Sullivan estate, was innocent.
He. was. employed, he, said., to, watch a
man whom he now believes to be the ficti
tious ¦ heir, John '¦. Sullivan, and for ' three
days he followed this man, whom he knew
by the name of "John." , Chretien simply
asked him : to " keep . "John" In town, as he
was needed in connection with an estate
Hansted - ; These -f acta^wera also
PARK COMMISSIONERS *
MAKE AUTOMOBILE LAW
Electrical Vehicles May Be Run on
South Drive— Contracts
Are Let. . •
All the members were In attendance at
a meeting of the Park 'Commissioners
held last night! The eVer-present auto
mobile question ? was taken up and the
merits of the -various kinds of machines
discussed. It ¦ was finally decided to fol
low the course pursued by ; the Commis
sioners of Central Park, New .York, who,
after a thorough test, decided that none
but the automobiles using electric power
be allowed > in the park. In - the future
owners of electric . automobiles can use
the south drive from, the Waller-street
entrance to the? bridge, at the southwest
corner of the park. '
Bids -for loam, ¦• lime and cement were
opened. The contract for lime. was given
to the Holmes Lime and ' Cement Com
pany at Jl 37% per barrel; as was also tbe
cement contract ¦ at $2 74 per barrel. The
bids for loam were l»id over until next
meeting. v;fHSSI
SHERIFF IS ORDERED
TO STAY PROCEEDINGS
Eugene Deuprey Contempt Case Is to
Be Heard at the Close of the
£"¦>;-. -Hoff Trial.
There was a rumor yesterday that
Judge Dainsertield and Judpe Cook had
locked horns and a lively legal war
would be waged.,. This was all owing to
the fact that Judge Carroll Cook yes
terday ordered the Sheriff to stay all ,tho
proceedings In the contempt of court case
of Attorney Eugene Deuprey until the
close of the Holt case.
Just previous to the adjournment of
the Hoft case yesterday afternoon Judge
Cook stated in open court that he had
Instructed the Sheriff to stay the pro
ceedings in the Eugene Deuprey contempt
proceedings until the close of the HofT
trial Deuprey is an assistant prosecut
ing attorney and is prosecuting the Hoft
case The contempt proceedings might
delay the Hoft trial, and Judge Cook ac
cordingly made the order of stay of pro-
C< Judge baingerfleld was seen and stated
that Judge Cook's step was perfectly
right and that he had full Jurisdiction In
the case.
WELL * PKOBABLY -BUILD
A FIBST-CLASS HOTEL
¦ : ..; •' ;¦ ; - ¦••¦-¦;.-::"-•
Crocker 'Estate Will Soon Decide
What to Do With Calvary
Church. Property.
C. E. Green, secretary of the Crocker
estate, stated yesterday that early in Jan
uary a decision would be reached relative
to the kind of building that will be erect
ed on the site of the present Calvary
Presbyterian Church, corner of Geary and
Powell streets.
It seems to be pretty well understood
that a hotel wNl be built. A local hotel
man is authority for the statement that
he had been asked to take the manage
ment of the proposed new hostelry for a
term of years. Mr. Green said yesterday
that Mr. Scott, who also has charge of
the handling of the Crocker estate, will
return from the Ea3t the latter part of
this month when a meeting would be held
and the matter of building will be finally
determined.
Mr. Green said that there appears to
be a good field for another large, first
class hotel in this city. The location, he
paid, is an ideal one and personally he
favored the erection of a hostelry in
preference to an office building. The work
of tearing down the church is now well
under way, a large force of men having
been put to work thi3 week. The time al
lowed the church people to remove the
structure has nearly expired, but Mr.
Green said the estate was not disposed to
hurry the society, although it is desired
to begin work on a new building early
the coming year.
A TIDAL WAVE.
Extending Many Allies in Each Di-
rection but AH Centering in
One Point
A tidal wave of magnitude such as has
never been heard of before on this coast
struck this city yesterday with a flood of
piano bargains at 230 Post street, where
Hockett Brothers & Co. are closing
out their entire stock at unheard of
prices. We are going, out: of the piano
business, and every piano is marked In
plain .figures at the wholesale price.
High grade standard makes all included
in this sale. Store must be vacated in a
few days. Judging from the way they
sold yesterday the whole stock will be
sold long before the expiration of the ten
days to be devoted to this affair for
yourself. If they go as fast for the bal
ance of the ten days, we will have closed
out before the expiration of the allotted
time.
You can actually secure from us to
morrow a good piano for the price of an
organ. Do you know what cost price
means on a piano? If you don't, come
in and wo will show you and you will
be -wiser, even if you don't purchase
from us. Open evenings. Don't delay,
or you'll lose your choice. L '¦'*.!<
tury department of the Red Cross is now
preparing to hold watch-meetings in
every town in the United States on the
night of December 31. The object of these
meetings is to raise funds for the Ameri
can National Red Cross and to signalize
the dawning of another century- Full in
formation in regard to the organization of
the watch-meetings will be furnished by
Mrs. J. Ellen Foster, special representa
tive American National Red Cross, at the
Occidental Hotel.
CHARLES WATSON GRANT.
PROMINENT IN LIFE AS AN
INSURANCE MAN.
THE SAN FEAKCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, DECEMBER 7,, 1900,
The final meeting of the California State
relief committee for Texas sufferers was
held at the Nevada National Bank De
cember 4. There were present I. W. Hell
man. Claus Spreckels. A. A. \Vatk;ns, F.
W. Dohrmann and Charles Nelson.
The work for which the committee was
organized having been completed, it was
decided to close the subscription books
and *-emlt the -balance of cash, on hand,
amounting to >1ST6 42, to Governor Sayers
of Texas. The final report of the relief
committee to Governor Gage was read and
approved, and after being signed by the
respective members of the committee was
ordered to* be transmitted to Governor
Sayers.' : •
A vote of thanks was tendered to the
Merchants' Association of San Francisco
for Its efficient aid to the cause. A special
vote of thanks was personally tendered to
L. M. King, the secretary, for the faithful
work performed by him.
In tne committee's flnal report to the
Governor the services of the following
parties are acknowledged:
The press of San FVaneisco and throughout
the State for giving publicity to appeals | for
aid and to the work of the various commit
tees.
The Western tJnton Telegraph Company and
the Postal Telerraph Cable Company for free
transmission of messages and money.
Wells- Fanro Company, the Southern P.iclflc
Company and the Santa Fe Company for free
transportation of supplies.
L. & M. Alexander for use of extra type
¦vcrlter.
H. L#. SwaJn for clerical assistance.
W. M. Well Company for assistance in dis
tribution.
The total contributions from California
are as follows:
Cash contributions ¦ received by the
California State Relief Committee ¦
and transmitted to Governor Sayers.. J13, 871 42
Cash contributions received In city of
San Francisco from Its own citizens
and from outside cities 52,784 3S
Tctal contributions to the Texas relief
fund reported from the State of Cali
fornia 85.27* S3
Eed Cross Watch Meetings.
The specially organized twentieth cen-
Winds Up Its Char
itable Labors.
State Relief Committee
CALIFORNIA'S
GIFT TO TEXSS
Chinese Interpreter Appointed.
Port Collector Stratton , yesterday ap
pointed Hippolyttus la Eca da Sllva to be
Chinese interpreter in the Chinese Bureau
at a salary of $4 per diem while engaged
In the office and $7 per diem and expenses
wh lie traveling.
testified to by Chretien on "Wednesday. De
tective Harry Morse was called as a wit
ness, but Judge Dunne ruled that any tes
timony he might give was incompetent,
and he left the stand. A continuance was
then ordered, i , v -
14
Teas, Coffees,
Spices, Extracts,
Soda, Baking Powder
Good Time and Place to Buy
•^fer M | h c or pp»ai e t> Union Sqvar c
OPEN EVENINGS DURING DECEMBER.
The Swell Coat of the Season is the Raglan. It ft^ *g
is the Swell Coat of the Swell Dresser. In a Beautiful | |
SJiade of Stone Gray. You see it pictured above. Here's § §
a Raglan tliat is worth $20, and we're selling it in our L #11
Big Overcoat Department to-day for 1 . f*. • -^ ¦-%¦ A
. Here is a brace of rare and artistic values in Men's Clothes at $11
for TO-DAY and SATURDAY, TOO.
THAT
QUESTION.
THEY'RE
WEARING
INDISTINCT
STRIPES,
In Quiet Gray
l ones, in
Fine Worsted
nt » j
Lhevints
Beautifully Han died
and Tailored in the Mil-
itary Square Shoulders,
Single Breasted Saeh
Coat, Single Breasted
Vest, Graceful Form-
Fitting Trousers. Suits
of suclv High Class order
are usually $20.00.
We are going to give
you a large selection of
these suits, and they're beauties, each and every one of them, at -
000990000 {%$£ T^Pl *™IM SI^M ©•••••••<!
COO9O ****lZlZl*ll<> wtP^ H n ••••••••••••••••••
vooevc^ea e&a j r^ eg oo000O9oo
Dm P'j M i \ k^ l PL. % I 1 \ 11 ffi Gal 1 K I a \ «Sk El ¥9 ¦ wM BVk II BM \
THF SWFLL
WHAT ARE
- ¦ : ' 52 Market St.
OAKLAND STORES.
f 053 Washington 8t 1237 Broadway.
1185 23rd Ave. 616 E. I2th St.
IB1O Seventh St.
. , ALAMEDA-1355 Park St.
SAN RAFAEL-B St.. near Fourth.
210 Grant Ave., bet. Post and Sntter,
; . 861 Market St., opp. Powell.
1*0 Sixth St. 1419 Polk St.
112 Third St. 1819 Devteadero St.
146 Ninth St. - . 2008 Flllmore St.
SOO6 Sixteenth St. 521 Montgomery At,
2516 Mission St. 3283 Mission St.
705 Larkin St. 2732 24th 8t.
865 Hayes St. 475 Halfiht 8t.
CITY STORES.
Come Just to See
Great AmBricanlmportinffTea Co.
THE
Money-Saving:
FURNITURE and CARPET
HOUSE.
"We will save you money by buyiny your
Household Goods and Holiday Presents
from us. i
Every Article in Onr Store
Marked in Plain Figures.
REMEMBER, we give
10 % OFFJOR CASH !
Our New Goodsjave Arrived.
HOW IS YOUR "TIME TO SELECT
HOLIDAYJIFTS.
SPECIAL BARGAINS IN EVERY »E-
PARTMENT. '..'
CASH OR CREDIT.
Krap Furniture Co.
1015-1017 Market Street,
OPPOSITE TAYLOR ST.
OPEX EVENINGS.
Til3"DANN" RECLINING CHAIR
A Handsome Christmas J^W&jf
r , «y and Com ror table. Iffi&jsi
Price $15. Come and see It* -A
IV. A. SCH ROCKS
19 New Montgomery Street.
Weekly CaU»$l.qO per Yeas
THISWELL-KNOWN AND KKLIABLE OLD
.L Specialist etirM Blood Poison, OonorrhcBa, Gleet,
8trlctorp, Ufmlrul Weakneso, Impotence and tbeir
•Hied Disorders. Book on Diseases of Men. free.
OverTOyears'experfence.Terms reasonable. Hours.
9U>3dally:6:30to8.30eT'KS. Hnndnys.lOto 13. Consnl-
tatiou tree aod sacredly confldentiaL Call or address
\ P.'ROBCOE HI cXUIjTY. 31. D.
»0 \i Kearny 8 1 ., . jfajaJFrandseo* CsL
ADVESTisEMEirris.
AD VEETISEMENTS.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
AT>VKRTISSTVrF.NTS.
3«°« Premiums Ei*aa
many GiVCIl FILL
WITH
2JLD«3 sM
GRANULATED I L
COLONIAL TEA CO.'S
Famous Combination Sale !
2 DAYS ONLY.
SATURDAY, Dec. 8th; MONDAY. Dec. 10th.
Regu- Comblna-
2 lbs best Granulated Sugar 15- jr
5-lb Sack Liverpool Salt 10 2c
8-lb Carton Ex. Soda Crackers.... 25 Be
1 lb best Mocha and Java.. 40 3ftc
1-quart Bottle Best Chowchow.... 20 lOc
1 Tin French Sardines 15 2c
1 Can Pure Pepper ....-20 • 15c
>4-lb Extra Choice Tea ; 45 3Oe
$1.90 *1.00
REMEMBER, YOU PAY
91.OO FOR J1.90 WORTH OF BEST GRO-
CERIES. . \ ¦/;
COLONIArTEA CO.,
No. 7 SIXTH STREET,
8 doors below Market.
for Christmas.
Beautiful household ornament.
In golden oak and mah'ogany,
as cheap as pine furniture.
" Our special price for , this . ,
; week ...........;... 89.OO
THE J. NOONAN
: : FURNITURE CqMPANY,:ln*c M ;
1017-1023 MISSION STREET:
.. Phone South H. Above 6th, San Francisco.
W*M
1 ffdjBom. Mm
|1 nl Our Handkerchief Department. Just the Garment for This Kind |
nj You will find an occasional visit to of WeathQP. i |1
H**this department both interesting and LADIES' KIMONAS. "1
H P1 W0 ta LA e blES HANDKERCHIEFS. a 3 re . bou S h * a ?&**>*^5Z KS'to"
rJ martf, nt hpot Rpifa^t Lawn hpm- ably low price. If you come nere to-
I Stitched. aJTeiJbroMerS Tor seal- or to-morrow you will get tixt
1 loped edges. A wonder for 17c be T n h e e fi^ mad« of the best quality
H ANOTHER, °f daisy flannel, in Parisian. Dresder.
H r,nA ««- xi,. f -„_ v« ,,c»^ na a al * d figured effects, trimmed with
« and one tliat can be used as a solld c * lora Th ere will be a scram-
I leader anywhere in the United ble for these $1 50 Klmonas at 05c
9 States. a Chanoa to Secure Flannel Siirts at
g Gents' white all silk handker- That wm s^rpjjje.
H chiefs guaranteed pure Japanese FLANNELETTE SKIRTS.
H silk, hemstitched, at the amaz- made of the best Collins flannelette,
H <« n u i«w to^m iK. comes In different colored striped
M ingly low price, IOC effects. Th.eyTe finished with a deep
H • £"„„,.„ I nrlt, Ra CAa Pnr-irinn nn flounce, hemmed also with French
M Every Lady, Be the ransian or band and drawlng strings. You pay
El American, Covets the New Figure, more for flannel than w© ask for
M *», ? . »u , i „ 8klrt complete, y5c. 15
ftl /!*^-k that Of the 10W SlOP" tt"c< tDi^ n » vtt a rxri'DrTJO El
¥i GO) me bust, ions waist ARE MANLFACTLRERS. |
V& r ¥&L \ and more than all. Prices will convince you that such RJ
Vi TK»imii T he erect military >s the case. We bought 5000 yards E
m ' 'iJC» y carriage There is ol th e best flannelette in the sum M
| s C only ore way to at- m * T months at hummer pricea. You B|
pj 7» V t a i n thfg figure and know what that means. It means Si
H X-^-v^^i that is to wear 3 us t half what we pay for them now. si
M the proper corset. "^ r e made them up into Ladies' and |
H y"~}&: ' r 5*!U-, Visit JOE ROSEN- Children's Gowns. They are all H
H / y^iSloSS^ BERG'S corset de- double yoke new sleeve, full length H
1 / /X^AfJ/Jc? rartraent and ac- a^ width: made In all the new H
18 I V^VVif'rp Q u » r e this much colored striped effects. Children's. H
tl x\^0?fl If sought after figure 4oc; Ladles, ol)c ||
I i^ \^4 P^ir of r tht sl fouow* Values in Our Knitted Underwear B
m \Aj » U ladi 8 es^ : CCR- Department H
H SETS,' made of good fast black THESE VALUES APPEAL TO If
Eg French sateen, bias cut. hand pored. THE THRIFTY WITHOUT THE H
p9 with full ploplng bust, long below the AID OF THE BABBLE CONCERN- Kl
Eg waist flve-hook front. Blecl top- 1XG THE WEATHER AND BACK- ¥¦*
m rimmed, with lace beading and satin WARD SEASON. fcj
M ribbon. Our special bl.o«» LADIES' VESTS, mada of very ||
M c«_« T«//;««. !/„/,,««. ;„ /)»» Vnil best quality silk and wool, high neck. S
Eg Some Jelling Values in Our veil- lon(r 8 ie e ves, neck crocheted and V\
f£ inn P^nnrtmftnf drawn throut-h with silk tape: our |
tg ing Lfoartmenr. splendid value offering -Sl.OO II
m 5000 yards BEAUTIFIERS. In all PANTS to match, same quality as II
m the newest meshes of tuxedo, plain a b ove ; French band, ankle length.... M
H and dotted effects, black and colors. <*i qq I
B veils that can't be duplicated In town «£»-«.. vv Kg
M under 50c. Rosenberg's prtce....a.-5e nl J S|j|j AOOtllSr Startling VlIOB ' TO M
M Purses at Great/y Reduced Prices Cllillfren'S Mtimt. ' ||
ra ._ "Why? What Made of 90 per cent Australian I|
fa iCGWWSaWgW\ dots it mattpr to Jar n t Swiss ribbed. hi>rh neck, lonsr fl
P9 FSigSSi^HMHgl you? «« lave sleeves, neck crocheted and drawn M
W reasons ot our through with silk tape; sensationally fei
O AVhat will inter- 5*1
H est you Js the saving of one-third the I oHiac' VVfli<?tS. Fl
H regular price. i_.t»»jiw<=« t» uio«-v7>
H LADIES' COMBINATIOX CARD JISSE? VA^ ?E li
H CASE and pocketbook. made of gen- THA> Wj
M uine morocco leather, lined and sub- THEIR PREDECEbbOKb. o -_,- 1]
II stantially sewed, not gluod; extra ' V>'hy? "U'e give it up. but the fact M
Efl blocked bottom, ilveted steel frame, remains the same. _,.,„__, El
B German silver trimmed.^ 75c LADIES' FLANNEL WAISTS. |I
H ANOTHKR— Made of good seal made of best quality all-wool botany
H leather, card case and double purses, flannel, full front, tucked back. La
N rivetfd steel frame and all machine Boheme sleeves lined throughout
Pi sewed. Worth double the price we perfect fitting and tailor finished; all .
H alk T....-4Se colors: exceptional values for.gl.9S
I JOE ROSENBERG,
I {$» 816 Market Street, »gj«,
P " RUNNING THROUGH TO II O'FARRELL.