SAN FRANCISCO, WEDNESDAY, OCTOBER 24, 1900.
VOLUME *LXXATin-XO. 146.
PRICE FrVTE CE2sTS.
BjLLY BOY BRYAN HOIST BY HIS OWN "HOT AIR."
SAN JOSE, Oct. 23.— The Gllroy freight,
which arrives here at 11 o'clock p. m.,
was wrecked thls-evening at Fourth and
Margaret streets, in the southern ou:
skirts of the city. There Is a slight grade
in the vicinity. A link broke a half mile
the other side of the brick yard, where a
stop was to be made, cutting the train
In two. The- engine and ten -cars had
stopped at the brick yard and before the
trainmen discovered the train had i sepa
rated the rear cars crashed into . the for
ward section. Three freight cars were tel
escoped and a car of apples was wrecked.
No one was Injured. • ¦ . ¦ ¦¦ .
Freight Train' Wrecked.
TACOMA; Oct. 21.— An Invention, which,
if it accomplishes what Is claimed for It,
will revolutionize the steam vessel busi
ness. Is now being tested In the engineer's
room of- the Paciflc Cold Storage Com
pany. It is in effect an automatic stoker,
and steamboat men are watching its pro
gress with much Interest. It Is a simple
invention, but it Is claimed that it will
be the means of saving 30 per cent in the
cost of coal and dispense with the services
of many firemen.
The principle on which It is operated
is that of feeding the fire by means of a
forced draught carrying pulverized coal
from a hopper through ¦ a gate Vhich
works automatically. The machine can
be] placed In a steamboat or any other
place. where generating apparatus Is used.
While It is necessary, to have the coal pul
verized In order to use It, the promoters
of "the Invention claim that the cost of so
doing. is very slight, while a saving of 50
Pulverizad Coal Into Steam
ship Furnaces.
Automatic Contrivance That Shovels
INVENTION THAT MAY
RETIRE THE STOKER
Candldat^ ,W««iley Speaks.
PR0VIDENCE.>5L-.T.^t>ct. 23. —John G.
Woolley. Prohibition ;jp*n£idate for Presi
dent, srwke to a a .«r?wd^ot r over 1000 per-
CANTON, Ohio, Oct- 23.— President and
Mrs. McKlnley reached Canton at 10:30
a. m. to-day, coming in a private car at
tached to the regular Pennsylvania train.
A large number of people assembled; on
the station platform and bid t-iem hearty
welcomes as "they -passed under a large
flag draped over a section of the platform.
Their carriage was in waiting for them
and they were drjven direct to their home.
Accompanying the President and Mrs.
McKlnley were Secretary to the President
Cortelyou. Dr. Rixey, the stenographers
and clerks from the executive office and
the members of the domestic household,
who were here during the summer
months. Xlj''
President and Mrs. McKinley . found
everything in readiness for their comfort
at their Canton home when they arrived
and were soon settled down to — e mode
of life they enjoyed here during the sum
mer months. The weather is delightful
and this afternoon they took a long drive.
This evening old friends and neighbors
dropped In In their accustomed way.
Judge and Mrs. Day arrived almost im
mediately after dinner and remained some
time-
Secretary of War Root and Mrs. Root
are coming to-morrow and will visit with
the McKlnleys for several days. On
Thursday the President will go to Mans
field to attend the Sherman funeral and
Secretary Root to Youngstown to deliver
an address. The President's car will be
picked up at the Canton station by the
Sherman funeral train Thursday morning
and the President will return to 'Canton
during the afternoon.^
President and Mrs. McXinley Greeted
by Their Old Friends. ; 'i:
RETURN TO CANTON HOME.
of the Republican party on the trust ques
tion, and I believe any of, you who will ex
amine It Mill make up your mind? that
you cannot hope for relief from the Re
publicans."
- Conceiving, that it was impossible that the
President of the United States would use part
of ** secret • document for the advancement of
bis r>ersonal fortunes and the Interests of his
own political party, and at theeame time
reJuce to the public the remainder of this docu
ment, I expected to have a prompt answer, from
the President. - j I have now waited for" more
than two weeks and have not had the honor
of an acknowledgment 'even of the receipt of
my note. - ¦ • -^
Says the President Has Not Taken
Him Into His Confidence.
CHICAGO. , pet. • 23.— Senator Jones,
chairman of the Democratic National
Committee, made the following statement
to-day: -
• The* instructions given to the comail9«ioner»
on the part cf the United States to negotiate
the treaty with Spain in Paris in 1S3S have
never, so far as I knew, be«n made public.
When the treaty was before the Senate for
ratification there was a sreat demand that
thece Instructions should be made public. So
great was the desire for Information that many
newspapers pul^shed what waa claimed to be
Inside Information i about what these' Instruc
tions contained. But for some reason, and
doubtless not an ' unimportant one, this de
sire was not gratified. The President, in his
letter of acceptance, quoted a part of these.
as I understand, secret Instructions. I ad
dressed hfm in a note October 5, calling -his
attention to this fact, and requested that In
asmuch as the part of the Instructions which
he considered favorable to the position of -his
iwlltlcal partr ¦*»» «° «*ed by him. the"re
mainder should • be made public.
CHAIRMAN JONES' PLAINT.
sens at Music Hall here to-night. A street
parade preceded the meeting. A party
wiil leave here at 7:30 to-morrow morn
ing on a special train for a trip through
Massachusettsl
TACOMA, Oct.' 22.— Ten thousand dollars
worth * of blankets, provisions and ¦ other
articles dear to the Indian heart are to
be clven away ' this week at Kluckwan.
Alaska, by Chief George Klarfish of* the
Chllkat tribe, who Is giving the greatest
potlatch known in Alaska In recent years.
For twenty years or more Klarflsh has
been saving money wijh the object of
some day rendering himself immortal bv
feasting and giving gifts to all his In
dian friends for 300 miles around. By hi3
Invitation more than 2000 Slwashes have
gathered at Kluckwan to share his boun
ty. A large part of the money invested In
the blankets now to be given away was
earned by his tribesmen In packing sup
plies ' across Chilcoot Pass during the
Klondike rush of three years ago.
Every house In the entire Kluckwan Is
filled to overflowing with guests and tem
porary quarters have been provided for
hundreds more. One of the chief features
of a* potlatch is to be sla hael and other
gambling games by means of which lucky
Indians will \rin everything possessed by
the unlucky. The El tka tribe of Indians
has seat the largest number of visitors,
for they were fortunate enough to gain
the help of a Government cutter stationed
at SUka to pull their canoes, nambexins
about sixty, up Lynn Canal.
George SQarfish. - to Give Away • Ten
Thousand Dollars' Worth of
Presents.
<TM l v.Tf • OF -"THE ¦. CUTHXATS
PLANS GREAT POTLACH
per .cent «in fuel Is effected. In other
words, a pound of pulverized coal fed by
this ' machine will expand twice the
amount of water that can be expanded
by ordinary -methods. Engineers who
have examined It agree that it will be the
means of solving the problem of cheaper
navi gatlon. • >^ .- « : -jri « 1* \
- In the case of large warships, where it
Is very difficult for stokers to live In the
great heat of the boiler rooms, this ma
chine '.will have an additional advantage.
Beyond keeping the hopper filled wi:h
coal, no "firing 1 Is required. "
.. "He had 'no hesitation in betting: from
$500 to $1500 on a race. : lie was the most
regular loser that I ever. saw. He-al
ways lost. ' In fact, I never knew him to
cash a bet. He had a stable of horses,
but , they ! were run In the name of &
trainer. .'. They, never ; won j during the
Saratoga meeting. He was a marked
man ' at .' Saratoga, owing to his "size.
Everybody knjew him and his -position In
the First National ¦'Bank -was well under
stood. . Knowing that he was. living on a
salary, there was"cons!derable comment
on his action, but bookmakers do not pay
much attention to sue* thing?, so long as
a man makes good his losses." >.-> ¦ . - . '
"He drove the finest trotters in Sara
toga," said another bookmaker, "and
seemed to like the attention he attracted.
He did not seem to care for women and
I don't think I ever saw him with one.
He had several friends in Saratoga and
drove them aTjout the village and down to
the lake, where he had expensive dinners.
F. A. Baker, attorney for the First Na
tional Bank, said to-night: "We have
located about $200,000 worth of. securities
and real estate in Alvord's name and shall
attach It Immediately. I think this will
bring the loss o£ the hank down to $300,000.
We are trying to locate Alvord with de
tectives."
An official connected with the bank, who
did not wish his name given, said:
"Proof that the bank Is. not likely to
suffer for the defalcation is. that its profits
for the year ending last September were
11,350,600. > The surplus Is increasing fait.
The par value of the stock Is $100 a share,
but it has brought as high as $1323 at auc
tion. The book value of its stock is $3105
per share, and as high as $3600 has been
bid. The perpentage of increase of cap
ital, according to Its last year's earnings,
is 270.12. per cent. It has for several^ years
paid' annual dividends of 100 per cent.
The First National Bank holds In stocks,
bonds and other securities, according" to
its latest reports, $24,073,910."
Bookmakers to-night talked of nothing
else but the story of the defalcation of the
note teller of the First National Bank.
Every bookmaker at the Saratoga race
track knew him. For them" his nod was
sufficient for a bet of thousands and
never ¦¦' during the season did they have
to wait for the collection of his wagera.
Alvord's great build made him a marked
figure on the racetrack and at the Sara
toga Club. Though Dick Canfleld says
he never saw him and does not know him,
many men who played roulette or faro
remembered Alvord . as r . the man who
bought , $500 . stacks " and - played = to the
limit and almost Invariably" lost without
tho slightest show of emotion.
\"He .-always bet me . cash." said Sain
Francis a Saratoga bookmaker, "so I
never knew * much about him. I never
paid i him i a bet. for. he - never won one.
Ho ' was the";best = loser I ever saw and
would 'come around chipper, the next day
and bet me again. -YHe^ could have had
all r the credit* he wanted, but he never bet
' me; more than ; $100 on ' a ' race and" always
handed out his money.'.* " : ;
.-."..¦. ;¦•-... .
straight that he never lost a cent In the,
street, and always made a gain.
At Norwich Governor Roosevelt lock an
entirely new subject to-night, touching
most upon State legislation. Referring to
his effort in framing legislation for New
York State he said:
"The act of Mr. Bryan is not sincere.
He claims that If the Democratic party
had -a chance they wouli. abolish trusts.
Well, he had four years In Congress and
during that time some or the million dol
lar trusts were formed syid I have not
heard that he raised his finger or his voice
to stop them. And then you remember
that the records of Congress show that
all but four Democrats in the House voteU
against the so-called anti-trust bill and
gave as their reason for so doing, througn
the mouth of Mr. Richardson, that If the
bill was passed they would have nothing
to make a paramount issue In this cam
paign."
as being marked to the last degree by
folly. , ' '
In spite of the rainstorm which set in
before the meetings the Governor talked
to crowded houses to-night.
"I. studied with interest what ha«1 been
done In New Zealand. New Zealand tried
very boldly a number of experiments in
dealing with corporate wealth. I also stud
led tlw laws of Massachusetts. But I can
tell yon cae State we only studied a little,
because we found nothing- in it. and that
was Nebraska. They had had Populistic
legislation there and we found some Iegis
latlrn to avoid, but we did not find any
thing the other way. I have strong hopea
that Nebraska will go Republican this
year, and if this happens I am willing
to guarantee that two or three years
hence we will find laws there affecting
labor and corporations which, will be good
for OS to carefully study In reforming our
laws, but there is not anything: there
now." ' : >"i
THE PRESIDENT ON THE PORCH OF HIS HOUSE AT CANTON". FROM
'A' PHOTOGRAPH TAKEN ESPECIALLY FOR HARPER'S WEEKLY
. AND REPRODUCED BY PERMISSION.
he said:
"I want to call your attention to a lit
tle incident that occurred last night In
New York. I think you can sometimes
know a man by the company he keep?*.
You can sometimes tell something about
a candidate by the peoole who are his
most active supporters. There •was a
Bryan meeting last night In New York.
In Cooper Union, I think. At that meet
ing »he morning papers report that the
two people who were most enthusiastical
ly received were* Aguinaldo o/ the Philip
pines and Altgeld of Illinois. I think it
was entirely proper to cheer one if you
cheered the other. It was entirely appro
priate to cheer the man who pardoned the
anarchists In this country and the man
who has been striking at our soldiers on
the other side of the earth. Now think of
a party that relies on that kind of sup
port, symbolized by the men who cheered
Altgeld and Aguinaldo as a great apostle
of freedom, and a few months ago a cer
tain Bryanite alluded to him as a second
George Washington. . You may not be
familiar with Agulnaldo's . history, so I
will give It to you briefly."
Continuing, Governor Ro.osevel: re
viewed, as he had In several previous
speeches, the career of Aguinaldo. He
tuen said:
• Now, gentlemen, think of a party that
is reduced to champion that type of
man."
At Roxbury, a~few miles below Stam
ford. Governor Roosevelt was angered by
a man in the crowd in yelling. "Hurrah
for Bryan."
"Hurrah for Bryan?" said the Gov
ernor. "Why do you hurrah for Bryan?
When any man says 'hurrah for Bryan.*
I always feel like asking why."
A voice: 'They can't answer."
"Because Mr. Bryan has announced that
Mr. Croker is the prophet of Tammany
Hall and the State Is why they hurrah
for Bryan. . .. »- .
.-."Again, why -hurrah for Bryan? ,."VThy,
for the 4!-cem dollar, for the prospect of
cutting in two the"- nation's debt" by, the
simple process of cutting In two the na
tion's * honor. Is that a good reason for
saying 'Hurrah .for Bryan?' Why don't
you hurrah for Aguinaldo? You will, give
the greatest possible comfort to every
Malay bandit who Is shooting at the flag
if you help or aid the Brya-nlzed Democ
racy in any way. I make that distinction
between the Bryanlzed Democracy and
the Democracy of Jackson."
The committee .at Stamford had secured
the new opera-house for the addressee
and the party was driven there in car
riages. An audience that tested the ca
pacity of the house greeted Governor
Roosevelt as he walked upon the stage.
He said in part:
"Now, Mr. Bryan yesterday was speak
ing about trusts. Apparently trusts are
now the paramount issue. ' That para
mount Issue^hcjs changed so often tnxt
It has been a little, difficult to keep up
with It. Yesterday In his speech he pro
posed two remedies for the trusts. The
first remedy was to put on the free li«?t
all trust-made article*. His next propo
sition was to provide by law that there
shall be interference by the Federal Gov
ernment. Now. I criticize his first remedy
population of the places being large. The
three largest places stopped at -to-day
were Stamford, where he spoke in a hall;
Oneonta, where he addressed a large out
door meeting, and at Bloomville, where
STAMFORD. N. Y., Oct. 23.—Gov
ernor Roosevelt finished the sec
ond day of his New York State
campaign in Norwich to-night,
speaking to a large audience. He
traveled to-day 159 miles and made four
speeches and finished his day's work in
good voice. The entire day was an ova
tion, the crowds in comparison to the
Declares That Bryan Is Cheered
Because He Bows to Tammany.
Candidate for President Makes Ex
cuses for the Democrats.
amendment. The Democrats voted for the
bill and it went to the Senate, and there
the Democrat* demanded its immediate
passage, while the Republican Senators
referred !t to the Judiciary Committee.
Vhere It sleeps to-day. That Is the record
themselves. But even this was not pro
posed until the closing days of the fourth
session of Congress that had convened
since the President was elected. That
amendment was 'defeated by the votes of
the Democrats. When it was defeated the
Republicans proposed a' law. admitting
that it was not necessary to have an
"At the close of the last session of Con
grre?s th<=-re was a pretended effort on the
part of the^Ilepubllcans to destroy the
trusts. I say pretended, for if you will
fiaaiin* the rt-cord you will find It was
merely pretense. First an amendment to
the constitution ir« suggested, which
was not nrce5i-?ry. and It was urged, not
po much for tUe purpose of giving Con
jure fs new power as for the purpose of
taking away from the States
what they already have, so that
If the Republican party controlled
the Federal Government and failed
to protect the people ef the. States from
the truats the people In the various States
xrould b< helpless and could not protect
In hir ypeech at Union Bridge Mr. .Bry
an addres-sed himself especially to the
tru?t Question. Referring to the Repub
lican p!ea that efforts had been made in
the last session of Congress to secure
anti-trust Icirfclatinn. he said:
•"When you to to s»nd a telegram you
•wl'.l f.nd that one cent is paid by the man
who sends it: when you go to give a check
you will fir.d ihat 2 cents is paid by the
man who gives it: and if you go to give
a deed you find a stamp- required. You
find the RepuhMcan party has' not had
time to reduce these expenses, which have
been laid on eirce the war commenced,
but the Republican party has had time to
reduce the tax en the national bank cir
culation eo that the national' bank has to
pay only half what it paid en circulation
before the Spanish war broke out. and
you have to pay that. Thus you will find
that the Republicans are looking after the
organized wea'th and 'neglecting the peo
ple, who are enjoying no privileges at the
har.ds cf the Government."
After leavir.g Frederick Mr. Bryan made
five ar.d ten minute stops at BrucevHle.
l"r.ion Bridge. New Windsor, Glyndon and
at Westminster. At Brueeville he talked
concerning the Cuban war taxes, saying:
"When the evenirj? cf election comes I
shall listen for the returns from this
State, ar.d I hope that the returns will be
euch that I can sir.g 'Maryland, My
Maryland."
Republicans say it Is you ought not to
have any trouble getting another job.
• Laughter.* Ar.d. my friends, if condi
tions are such that a man having employ
ment does not know where he can get
another Job if he loses his present job.
then conditions are nothing to brag of in
.this country. When will you be stronse*
to a?5m or defend your manhood? When
The trust* have the monopoly of all Indus
tries and when you have to go on your
kne<« to the ground and ask some trust
magnate for your daily bread it will be
too late. I want to say this in conclu
sion: Do not st"p when you have voted
the electoral ticket, but vote to send Dem
ocrats to Congress to carry out the Dem
ocratic plar.5.
timidation change the result. If a man
threatens to discharge you because you
vote the Democratic ticket tell him that
It this country is as prosperous as the
"Then work from now till election day.
to rr.ake the majority so large that money
cannot, purchajce this election and no in-
A voice: "Te*."
"Now. ray friends, it would be cruelty
for me to detain you longer in this rain."
Cries cf '"Never mind; go on."
"You have your minds already made
•The lines between the parties are
clearly drawn. You have a chance to ex
rre*5> by your vote* your own opinion
ujv?n piiblic questions."
Mr. Bryan then reviewed the campaign
Issues and said:
"I regret exceedingly that we cannot all
get into a hall where I could talk to you
and discuss at ler.frth the issues of this
campaign, but we have to suit ourselves
to circumstance?, and I am here to gratify
whatever curiosity you may have to see
a Presidential candidate and to suggest
two or three things for you to think about
at yo'.-r leisure.
Mr. Bryan's f.rst speech was made on a
platform erected outside Music Hail, and
the plaza surrounding the stand was
crowded as far back as Mr. Bryan's voice
could possibly be heard. He was intro
duced by Mayor Hayes and spoke as fol
low* :
Frederick. Brucevtlle, Union
Bridge. New Windsor, Westminster.
Glyndon and in this city this evening.
The Rockvllle meeting was the only one
cf the day that was not marred by rain.
Or. account of the downpour most of the
rneetirigs were cut short, but the crowds
Jr. each ca-«e remained until Mr. Bryan
had concluded his remarks. The greeting
extended to Mr. Bryan on his arrival here
\y&& evening ar.d (luring the meetings held
Inside and outside of Music Hall was
limited in numbers only by the capacity
cf the place* in which" the meetings were
he'. 1 , and in enthusiasm only by the abillty
of the lmnier.se crowds to give expression
to It. It was ralr.ing gently but steadily
when the special train bearing Mr. Bryan
pulled into Union station, an hour late.
but this did not prevent the assemblage
cf fully 10,000 people about the station.
A paraie was formed and Mr. Bryan
«Srove at its head to the Hotel Rennert.
where he dined with several Democratic
leaders, including ex-Senator Gorman,
Governor John W. Smith and Mayor
Hayes of this city.
BALTIMORE. Oct 3.- William J.
Bryan devoted the 'entire day to
gpeechmakirg la Maryland, speak
ing in succession at Rockvllle,
Happy Alvord Takes
$700,000 Prom a
NewYorkBank.
TELLER
STEALS A
FORTUNE
For Twenty Years a Trusted
Employe, Tlien Turns
Out a Thief.. §§§
LOSFSTHB CASH IN SPECULATION
Alvord had been with the bank for
twenty years, and was one -of the most
trusted men in the institution. His steal
ings extended over a lone period, but no
suspicion of the truth was known until
ten days ago, when he sent word that he
was 111 at his home. ¦ After he had been
away for a "day or two the bank put ex
perts at work and ?ome irregularities
were found. As the experts delved deeper
and deeper into" Alvord's books, the ex
tent of the robbery began to dawn on the
officers until they were overwhelmed to
find that It reached the enormous figure of
$700,000. Whether that sum is all he took
is not known.
It has not yet developed how the note
teller was able to put ' his hands on so
much money, but one of the directors Is
reported to have said that Alvord was
enabled to take such a large sum be
cause as note teller he was in charge of
the mail. This he opened every morning',
and he had ample opportunity to abstract
notes, drafts and checks, as well as
money. Of course he had to be especfally
skillful to make his accounts balance.
What Alvord did with all the cash is
also a mystery as yet. except that, as
usual In such cases. It Is said that a large
amount of it went in stock speculation.
One story Is .that _he_ lost $75,000 in one
deal, but what deal it was Is not stated.
It has been discovered that during the
summer Alvord visited Saratoga, where
he cut a great figure, spending money
like a prince. He rented and kept a 'fine
stable of horses.* and; besides playing the
races, is said to have frequented gambling
houses.
If these stories are true Alvord dis
played entirely . different , characteristics
than those he showed at home. In this
city he was' known as a man of very reg
ular habits. Among his associates he
was looked up to, and on Wall street was
known as "Happy" Alvord because of his
cheery ways. HJs^home was in the su
burb of Mount Vernon. This home Is a
magnificent place, located on Chester Hill,
one of the most artistic sections of the
town. It", is surrounded by luxurious
grounds and there are extensive stables.
Alvord has long been considered one of
the his men of the town. His family
entertained lavishly and gave large sums
to charity. He was prominent In church
circles, and his wife is considered one
of the most beautiful women in Mount
Vernon. '
It was not until this afternoon that. the
residents of Chester Hill heard oi his big
defalcation. There ; was:a rumor, that Al
vord left town the day 'the invitations
were canceled. 'and' that he took a
steamer for South America. This could
not be corroborated.
Late this afternoon Mrs. Alvord. wife
o^ the missing note teller, was seen at her
Mount Vernon -home. She was weeping
bitterly and ; would not talk about the
case-V. The? family consisted, of • Mr. and
Mrs. Alvord,. two 'girls and a boy.-. They
kept four or five servants. ;
Mrs. Alvord is said to have told friends
that.- owing to his business position in the
bank. Mr. Alvord . was able* to obtain tips,
which , enabled him to' make $40,000 to
¦ $50,000 a' year 'over his salary by. operating
in" .Wall i street.' ' She ,1s / said •¦ to y have
boasted .that; her^ husband's tips - were \ so
vord, note teller of the First National
Bank of this city, is a fugitive and a de
faulter to the extent of $700,000.
The announcement of the defalcation,
which was made this afternoon, created
the utmost excitement in the financial dr
cles in this city, but the well-known sta
bility of the First National and a state
ment Issued by the bank had a quieting
effect. The statement was as follows: •
"The note teller, who has been In the
employ of the First National Bank for
many years. Is a. defaulter to a large
amount. His operations have continued
fcr a considerable period and have been
skillfully concealed through a manipula
tion of his balance book. The discovery
was made by one of the bank employes a
few days after the completion of the ex>
aminatlon of the bank by the United
States Examiners. During the continu
ance of his peculations periodical exam
inations have been made by Eeveral dis
trict corps of examiners, representing the
comptroller's department, all expert ac
countants, and the bank has also had fre
quent independent examinations, none of
which have developed any Irregularities.
The aggregate of . the false, entries,
amounting to *700,©>X>. had been charged off
on the books of the b^nk out of the re
servv* fund without cjtainlsh'.rig -\he sur
plus, and profits of the bank as reported
in' it*" last published 1 statement. '_ It Is ! ex
pected that the shortage* will be mate
rially reduced by a substantial sum, of
which there is a fair prospect -of recov-
Living in Magnificent Style and
• Claims to Have Made His Money
on Valuable s u Tips."
4
NEW YORK, Oct. 23.— Charles \ L. AI-
ROOSEVELT 'S REDHOT
TALK TO CLACQUERS
BRYAN CONTINUES TO
TALK ABOUT TRUSTS
ery."
The San Francisco Call.Young Men Who Was Believed
,.'¦ to Be Lost.
NEW YORK, Oct. '. 23— Captain Freder
ick ;; Langston .of Brooklyn, .whose two
sons.'. Frederick and William H.y and Otto
Segelke ? and I Noah G. Mason were " ; not
heard 'of after ' they started : to .the
yacht ; " AMris • from -; Highland ' Beach to
Gravesend last Tuesday; received a cable
message yanriouncing that they ''were safe.
The - message came from" Port Antonio,
dated October- 22. It J read:,- , "All safe
aboard ¦ Ethelred. Home 'Monday. Notify
Mason • and Segelke." "The ' message was
signed -by William ! H. Langston. \ ,
Message Received From. One of the
LANGSTON PARTY WAS
?*~ , PICKED UP, AT SEA
' VANCOUVER^ B. C. Oct. .23.— The Car
iboo I consolidated t gold i mine of ¦ Quesnelle
has shipped; to New York a record-break
ing ingot weighing 753 pounds • and of tin
Value Of S]n4.7fio.> -
Becord-Breaking • Gold Ingot.
CHICAGO. Octl" 23.'— With -'av laugh cf
scorn at a friend who had questioned her
bravery ; to commit - suicide' Miss Gertrude
de Wad shot and' probably fatally. wound-'
ed ' herself . : last :•- night. v- She ; was talking
merrily. to a. number, of ; friends .when the
shot .^as fired." jji-^fci^^^g^H^^^r.^." ;;;
Proved Her . Courage.
Skaguay, said that McVlckar. ; gold com
missioner for the British in the neW dis
trict, had told ; him 'that the f acquisition
of the ¦: Porcupine .was planned and ,ar
ranged when Joseph Martin was Premier
of British Columbia, v ¦;:
Ex-Speaker Thomas B. Reed. In closing
his speech fet the opening meeting In the
cl } y rJ^ l h Portland. Me., of the celebration
of Old Home Weekly, safd:
t "Here It is not permitted to give a
toast, but if it were I should say: 'Here's
5S *£? S i at * e *?£ Ma «ne. settled mostly by
the blood of old England, but always pre
ferring liberty to ancestry;, a strong old
democratic State yet the first to . help to
give liberty to the slave— may her future
be as noble as her past. Here is to thS
State of Maine.. the P land "f re the bluest
skies the greenest earth, the richest air
the strongest and. what is better the
S^t d n e f" t *ii n %- t J >e falrest and. what il
sun!' P'L^W'YorKlmeT" 16 "
Reed's Toast to Maine.
"I have spent the summer In a prohibi
tion State," said the woman who'has Just
come down from Vermont, "and I' was
amused at the experience I had with the
town agent when I wanted to get a little
alcohol to use for toilet purposes. I really
wanted It to put on my hair to keep it in
curl. When I stated my reason for want
ing It, as is necessary in order to comply
with the law. the agent, who was a regu
lar New England Yankee, grinned from
ear to ear as he said: ,
'"Wall, miss, that's a new one on me.
They give all sorts of reasons for wanting
alcohol, but I never heard tell of using it
to curl the hair before. When the clock
mender comes through the country they
buy gallons of alcohol to clean their clocks
with. Every old boozer In the country
around has a clock to be cleaned. Then
they use it for sprains and for cleaning
spots off clothes, but never before for
curling the hair.'
"I really felt guilty, as though I wanted
It myself. to use as a besgrage, but my
name .was entered In the book and against
It were the words: 'Half pint alcohol for
curling the hair.' "—New York Tribune.
What the Alcohol Was For.
ST. PETERSBURG, Oct. 23.— The Minis
ter of Finance. M. de Witte, authorizes a
denial of the story that Russia began ne
gotiations In New York In the middle of
October for a $50,000,000 loan.
Denied by Russia. *
Spefcial Dispatch to The Call.
• SEATTLE. Oct. 23.— The schooner Alice.
Captain Walter S. Milner, arrived early
this movnlng, twenty-six days from Nome.
Captain Mllner reports a tempestuous
voyage, with much damage to the rigging
of his vessel. Just previous to the big
storm at Nome the Alice lett the exposed
coast and made a run fdY Port Clarence.
The wind failed and the vessel drifted by
that shelter and in a dense fog was car
ried in four days through Bering Straits,
past Point Hope and into the Arctic Sea.
When the sun came out and there was
a chance to define the ship's position It
was found that she was beyond Point
Hope, with plenty of snow and Ice.
Captain Milner brings a story of a series
of terrible gales which it would be diffi
cult to parallel in the history of the
Alaskan coast. The Alice bears news con
cerning some of the sailing craft sup
posed to have been lost in Nome's great
storm. "
The Alice left Nome on the night of
September 25 and before the light had
faded ran into a, gale. This lasted until
she reached Unimak Pass, on September
29. and there she was becalmed a few
hours. A heavy southeast wind came up
and in five days the vessel experienced
six Intensely severe gales.
On Thursday morning, October 4, the
Alice got through the pass and then en
countered a series of gales which lasted
until she reached Cape Flattery. She lay
outside the cape from Saturday, October
13, to Sunday, October 21, unable to enter
on account of heavy southeast winds, and
experienced . two .terrific storms there.
When she finally entered the straits her
forestays were carried away, her fore
sails split, the flying Jib in ribbons, thu
topsails nearly useless and the mainsails
torn. The actual sailing time from Nome
was thirteen days. ¦-''*!ii££
¦ while In the Arctic the Alice picked up
two shipwrecked crews of the schooners
Victoria and Lydia Mayflower, both of
which vessels went to pieces on the rocks
off Cape Prince of Wales. It was re
ported at the cape that twelve vessels
had been driven up Into the Arctic and
that the Alice was the first to come down.
?u^ « ort Clarence Captain Mlmer found
that five omlaks of Indians, I each hold
ing thirty-flye or forty persons; had left
Kings Island for the mainland. One ar
rived at Teller City while the Alice was
there and another landed farther up. Both
reported, that the other three boats, con
taining. more -than one hundred Indian*,
had gone down. .
The Francis Alice; purchased by Miner
Bruce, with a carpenter and four seamen
aboard, had. not been heard from when
the Alice left. The bark Oakland, driven
into Bering Sea, had gone to Port Clar
ence and on September 19 was commenc
ing to discharge lumber there. When tht
Alice entered Porti Clarence on Septembei
9 the bark Colom^ was anchored Just in
side Port Spencer. On leaving on Sep
tember 20 a square rigger was anchored
there, which Captain Mllner supposed was
her. The Little U the Wing and Wing
and the Carrier and Annie were all safe
at Grantly Harbor.
The Thomas F. Bayard was at Nome
on September 25. On that date the Robert
Dollar was reported at St. Michael and
was expected at Nome in a few days.
the Men of the Victoria and the Lydia, Mayflower.
Schooner Alice, Driven Through Bering Straits .by Gales, Rescues
INTERESTS THE COAST.
and Pensions Issued.
Post office Appointments and Patents
WASHINGTON. Oct. 23.— Postmasters
appointed: California— Francis A. Myers,
Grapeland, San Bernardino County, vice
Jacob D. Gebhart. resigned; George W.
Durbrow. Salton, Riverside County, vice
XV. D. Seaver, resigned.
Pensions issued: California: Addi
tional—Stephen O. Rice, San Francisco,
$10; Edmund Fitzgerald, San Diego. 10.
Increase — Charles Rogers. San Fran
cisco. $10: Emll Muller. Bethany. $8; Ira
M. Wilson. Santa Barbara, $8. Mexican
War widows— Mary J. Easting, San Fran
cisco, $S.
Oregon: Increase — James B. Fenton,
Rosedale, $S;- Richard M. Wallace, New
berg. $8. "
Washington: Reissue — Jeremiah Rob
bins, Leavenworth, $12.
Patents issued:. California— Charles J.
Ball, Los Angeles, flushing tank; Seculdo
It. Casell, Alma, fruit packing form;
Alexander Drennan, A. Smith and A.
Oraham, Bodie, : removable ventilating
pitcher cover; Kate J. Foley Berryessa,
• heater. Francis A. Halsey, San Rafael,
powder mixing and incorporating mill;
Adam Hoch, Alameda (assignor to >M.
.Blumv San Francisco), adding machine;
George W. Holly (assignor one-half to A.
A. Vallette. H. C. Brlggs and F. A. Dins
more), Palo Alto, window sash; Joseph F.
Twist, San Francisco, apparatus for mak
ing seamless tooth -crowns.
Washington— Benjamin C. Crane. Mon
tesano, fire hose nozzle; Charles E. C.
Edey, Tacoma, car coupling; Percy W.
Hanford. Oakesdale, .boiler; Charles E.
Young, Fremont, rock drill.
Oregon— James W. Green, Portland, saw
sharpener: Joseph T. Harbin, Condon, lift-
Ing Jack; Adolph Wolf, Silverton, hop
drier. ¦ ;;. ___^__^ • -,- - ; y
CHILD TTT.T.'n IN PAWN .. ;
FOR : A .BOARD BILL
Negro Mother Recovers". Her Babe
Through a Writ of Habeas
-Corpus.
LOS ANGELES. Oct. 23.— Two colored
women were fighting for the possession of
a 7-year-old boy in Judge Trask's court
to-day. One of them- Mrs. Belle Ellis,
was the child's mother, while the other,
Mrs. Belle Patten, made no claim to rela
tionship, but had the youngster in pawn
for an unpaid board bill.
Several months ago Mrs. Ellis, finding
that it was necessary > for her to go to
Bakersfield to get work, tbok the child to
Mrs. Patten's house, offering to pay $2 a
week If she would take care of the little
one for two or three months. Six months
passed and four months' boara was un
paid. -Mrs. Patten called on Mrs. Burke,
the mother .of Mrs. Ellis, and told the
old lady that unless her daughter cam*?
at once for her boy she would turn him
Into the street. •
On hearing this Mrs. Ellis returned,
calling on. Mrs. Patten for her child. The
latter, however, refused to deliver tho
child unless the unpaid board bill were
liquidated. Instead of paying Mrs. Ellis
applied for a writ of habeas corpus
which to-day resulted In the boy going
home with Its mother.
Mrs. Patten told the Judge she knew
that the boy would be taken from her, but
intended to hold on to him as long as the
law would allow her to, do so and perhans
Mrs. Ellis would pay the bill.
«.
CONVICTED OF KILLING
HER. NEIGHBOR'S HOGS
Projector of the "Woman's Railroad"
in Tuolumne County Gets Into
Trouble at Redding.
REDDING, Oct. 23.— Mrs. Annie tfline
Rikert, projector of the famous "woman's
rKilroad" of Tuolumne County, who has
been living in retirement on her farm ten
miles east of Redding, was to-day in a
local Justice's Court found guilty of the
malicious killing of her neighbor's hogs.
The evidence tended to prove that Charles
Flschler, a young boy visitor from San
Francisco, had shot four hogs under in
structions from Mrs. Rikert. The animals
had trespassed on Mrs. Rikert's vegetable
patch.
When the verdict of the Jury -was an
nounced the defendant signified her inten
tion of carrying the case to a higher court.
Sentence will be pronounced on Wednes
day.
Similar charges against Mrs. Rikert's
daughter. Miss Maud Townsend, and
young Flechler were dismissed on motion
of the District Attorney.
TESTIFY FOB ORTEGA.
Weak Evidence Given by Two
Friepds oP the Pugilist.
SAN JOSE, Oct. 22.— Further evidence
was given In the Ortega trial to-day in
an attempt to prove an alibf for the pugi
list and account for his whereabouts on
the night of the assault upon Grace Gam
ble.
Harry Cordell and Horace Corder were
with Ortega on the night or the crime.
Shortly after 10 o'clock they met him on
Margaret street, between First and Sec
ond. They got Into a buggy with Ortega
and rode to Ortega's home, where they
assisted Ir. eating a watermelon Ortega
had in the buggy. Ortega then left.
Corder then-went to his nome In East San
Jose, arriving- there at 11 o'clock. Ab the
assault was committed before W o'clock
his testimony has not materially aided
the defense. • , » .
Octogenarian Commits Suicide.
SAN. RAFAEL. Oct. 23.— Patrick Rice,
an old resident of San Rafael, committed
Filicide 'thj£ afternoon. He was 80 years
old. Domestic trouble was the cause of
Jiis aqu His wife quarreled with him and
on her return he was dead, with a four
ounce bottle that hrul contained laudanum
by his side on the bed. Coroner Eden ¦will
hold an inquest to-morrow. •;:¦¦•¦
LODI GBEETS SAM D. WOODS.
Republicans of Northern San Joaquin
in a llonster Rally:
LODI, Oct. 23.— By far the largest "local
gathering of' this campaign was wit
nessed, here to-day, when the people of
Northern San Joaquin County turned out
In full lurce to hear Sam D. Woods, Re
publican candidate for Congress in this
district, discuss the issues now before the
American people for settlement.- This was
the second meeting held in Air. Woods*
home county, and the enthusiasm with
which hi? speech was received was In
dicative of the esteem in which he Is held,
here. At an early hour the streets were
lined with people, many cdming, from re
mote parts of. San Joaquln County. Two
big bonfires lights the plaza and the roar
of anvil^jr.-Hs heard for miles nx.ounrL
The iM&r orass band played a number of
patriotic airs. : > ¦ ; -.
Barnhart's hall, where the meeting was
held, was packed to the doors, many
being compelled" to stand on the sidewalk.
The meeting was= presided over bv Dr.
J. M. Blodgett. president of the Loot Re
publican Club.
WTCKERSHAM WILL CASE
CALLED AT SANTA ROSA
Mrs. Cora L. Wickershain Granted
Permission to File Amended
Complaint.
SANTA ROSA. Oct. 23.— The Wicker-
Eham will- contest be^an in the Superior
Court here to-day. Judge Burnett persid-
Ing. The plaintifT is Mrs. Cora L. Wick
ersham. As executrix of the estate of her
late husband. Frank Wlckersham, and as
guardian of her son she is seeking to ob
tain a share of the -estate of the late I.
G. Wlekersham. the Petaluma millionaire
banker.
After argument the plaintiff was grant
ed permission to file her amended com
plaint and the case wa-s then continued to
Thursday morning. A number of promi
nent attorneys appeared on both sides
and the indications are that a. hot legal
battle has begun.
WTXL TEST LEGALITY
OF IDAHO PERMIT SYSTEM
James C. Duffy Brings Suit for Dam-
agqs Against Governor Steun
enberg and Auditor Sinclair.
BOISE. Idaho. Oct. 23.— An action has
been begun in the t'nlted States court to
determine the constitutionality of the per
mit Fystcm established by the State Gov
ernor in connection with the Coeur d'AIene
riots of 1?59.
The case is brought by James C. 'Duffy
of Butte against Governor Frank Steuen
enberg and State Auditor Bartlctt Sin
clair. He asks for $2500 damages. The
court Is asked to restrain the authorities
from enforcing the system.
«
NEW YORK. Oot. 23. -Charles E. Mather
allae J. C More, who is under arrest in Seat
tle, wa* a Jewelry palesman formerly for the
nnn of Mather (-. Wentworth. Mather Is ac
cused by a number of wholesale Jewelers and
diamond merchants of this city of the theft of
Jewelry valued at about $50,000. He obtained
the goods on memorandum and according to the
police pawned th> m under the name of J. C.
Moore. • ¦.-
&he Pays &ead t
* Colonel "William Hoy.
NOG ALES. Ariz.. O:t. 23.-Colonel Wil-
Jinm Roy di^d suddenly in this city on
Sunday of apoplexy. He was born in New
York In 1R35, moved to Indiana when a boy
nr.d served in the Civil War on the start
of Governor Morton of Indiana. He was
promoted to major and later to lieuten
ant colonel of hh< regiment and at "the
cJo«ie of the war was brevetted brigadier
general and held several important posi
tions in th*« Government service. He
came to Nogalcs in 1SS&, since which time
he ha? lx*;n engaged Jn business as senior
partner of the mercantile firm of Roy &
Titcomb. He leaves iwo daughters — -Mr&
Joseph Hogan of El Paso. Texas, and
Mrs. Jennie Plunkett of the City of Mex
ico.'
Dr. John F. Dudley.
SAN JOSE. Oct. 23.-Dr. John P. Dud
ley, who has resided near this city for the
Fiast fifty years, died to-day from the ef
ects of injuries received In a runaway
la*t week. Dr. Dudley was born in New-
York State in 1S22. In 1S4S he practiced
his profession In Sacramento. In 1S50 he
settled at Ban Jose, where he ha* since
r*-ciUed. He . wa« one of the best known
pioneers of this section of . the State.
Isaac N. Hayes.
SANTA CRUZ. Oct. 23.— Isaac N. Hayes
of Felton died to-day In San Francisco.
Haves was for many years In the h«Hel
fcnsln^fs in Felton. He was a native of
M'chigan. ap»Ml (3.
Papeete the Beautiful.
Those who are fond of traveling (and who Is
not) w 111 hajl with delight the news of a direct
steamship route to Tahiti. This charming land
ban until now been accessible only by slow
calling vessels, but on November. 1e t the popu
lar steamship Australia will sail direct, mait
lnic the trip In 10H days.' A ' reduced : round
trip rate has been made for the first trip. Call
*t €43 Market street for calling lieu •
Stops the Cough
Ar.4 work* off the cold. Laxative Bromo-Qul
n'ne Tablet! cure a cold Sn one day. >*o cure,
no pay. Price 25 cents. - •
GITT FOB "BILLY". MASON.
Porcupine Miners Send a Gold Nug-
g-et to the Senator.
' VICTORIA, B.C., Oct. 23.-The steamer
Cottage City. Which arrived from the
north to-night, brings . news that on re
ceipt of a letter from Senator W. ' E.'
Mason - telling- them that he would - fight
for their rights in the Senate, the miners
of the Porcupine district obtained a, two
and-a-half ounce nugget,' which was suit
ably Inscribed at a cost of $50 subscribed
by the miners. On one side was engraved
"To Senator, W.- E. Mason" and on the
reverse "From the Miners t of : Porcupine
District." i In bis letter Mason Bald I that
he would fight th« : modus vli'endi • in . the
Senate to the end. and would make things
very interesting, for Secretary/ Hay. • .-•¦..
•W. Ernmons, secretary of the Porcupine
Miners' Association, : In- an Interview at
HEAL.DSBURG, Oct. 23.— The Hon.
Frank L. Coombs, Republican nominee for
Congress from the "First Oistrict. ad
dressed a meeting at the opera-house to
night. His speech was logical and con
vincing. The attitude of the administra
tion on the affairs in the Orient was dis
cussed in detail. He showed the advan
tages accruing to the people of the Pa
cific Coast in entering into competition
with the nations of the earth for Oriental
trade. Expansion in Its truest and most
liberal ¦ construction was. commended be
cause of its value to the American peo
ple. Mr. Coombs' attitude on Chinese ex
clusion awakened the liveliest enthusiasm
among his audience. \
F. A. Cromwell, nominee for Assembly,
preceded Mr. Coombs. He was well re
ceived. Judge. C. H. Pond, president of
the local ciub, presided and Introduced the
speakers. *
Nominee for Congress.
Logical Speech
Delivered by the
HEALDSBTJBQ HEARS COOMBS.
PICKS UP TWO SHIPWRECKED CREWS
ON BLEAK SHORES OF THE ARCTIC
COAST BREVITIES
SACRAMENTO, Oct. 23.— James D. Prather
was to-night found guilty of perjury In tevtl
rnony given to try to clear his brother from a
charge of stealing grain. The Jury was out
two hours and a half. Another brother was
also Indicted for the same oftense. .
SEATTLE. Oct. 23.— The Government chap
tered the British steamship Royalist to-day,
which it Is Intended to operate as a United
States transport between Seattle and the Phil
ippines. The Royalist is a TCOO-ton vessel. She
is now en route from Java with a cargo or
etfrar for San Francisco.
VICTORIA. B. C, Oct. 23.— During the seaaon
.just closed thirty-four sealing schooners took
16.000 skins In Bering Sea. which Is 3000 les*
than taken by twenty-five schooners last year.
The spring schooners took lti.il 7 skins on the>
coast, bringing the total for the season up to
43.517. Only fitty-fiva branded seals were killed
In Bering Sea. • .-...;
.. ... .-, . m ¦ ' ~ - —
Heavy Damages Demanded.
DENVER, Oct. 23.— Suit was filed In tha
District Court this afternoon by the Col
orado and Southern Railroad Company tn
recover $100,000 damages from the Denver
Union Water Company. South Platto
CanrJ and 'Reservoir Company. Walter
S. cAesaeman, Thomas rf. Hay den and W.
P. Robinson. -
The suit is the result of the Goose Creek
dam break, which occurred on May* 4 last,
releasing 600.000,000 cubic feet of water and
destroying much railroad and other prop
erty. The complaint states that the rail
road line was rendered useless for a full
month by -the flood.
"Have you read my new book?" asked
the self-satisfied author:
"Certainly not." was the ready reply.
"Why should I? What have you «ver
done for me?" — Chicago Post.
The investigation which was -begun yes
terday at the instance of the girl's cousin,
Mrs. James, has developed into a star
chamber proceeding, astounding in nature
and apparently one-sided In, Its effects.
The friends. of the unfortunate girl want
ed the testimony taken down In shorthand
In order to use, if necessary, in court pro
ceedings. This was denied them. When
the principal witnesses— those who could
Impart relevant testimony— came from
the star-chamber they announced that
they had been solemnly sworn to secrecy
as to all they said and all that was asked
them. '
The news of this procedure has cerved
to set public sentiment against P. B.
Fraeer, the father, and Albert Fraser. the
brother. The question naturally is asked.
If there is nothing to conceal, why this
secrecy? • - • .
So strong has sentiment been wrought
up that a fund is being collected among
people In good standing to be used In ob-
STOCKTON, Oct. 23.— A father and
brother seemingly bending every influence
which money and position can \ exert to
keep a girl in a madhouse, and the .State
Insanity Commissioners apparently striv
ing to keep the public in ignorance of the
facts, is a summary of the investigation
conducted by the State Insanity Com
missioners Into the case of Mary Fraser.
now restrained of her liberty at a private
insane asylum.
once asked for a stimulant since given
Into their care. The taking oi testimony
was concluded this evening, but it is un
derstood that the Commissioners will re
serve their -decision till after they get but
of the Stockton atmosphere. The north
side of town, the Nob Hill, is wrought up
to such a degree that it is said that the
Frasers are the recipients of. marked so
cial slights. Mrs. Fraser, the stepmother
of but a few months, was/ up to the "pres
ent storm, one of the most popular ladies
in the city, but she is now suffering from
the general criticism.
It is thought that the officials concerned
in the commitment were to a degree im
posed" upon. Judge Budd could only take
the doctors' word for It and Is free from
blame. Dr. Sargent, one of the examin
ers, practically went back on his action a
few days afterward and »-ave out the Im
pression that he too, had some misgiv
ings. Dr. Ruggles Justifies his conclu
sions at the time, but does not make that
judgment cover Miss Fraser's present
condition, not having examined>the young
lady lately.
It was intimated this evening that the
findings of the Commissioners will be
against the girl. If this be so the fight
for her liberty will not end. While her
relatives other than her father are of
modest means they will not be embar
rassed for. funds to work with. A host
of sympathizers have been raised up and
satisfied of her sanity, they will make- a
good fight for her release from the mad
house. ' .._.;•. •¦¦ :•
Awev. Mr. Bryan - of the Episcopal
church, the girl's pastor, also volunteered
his opinion as .to. the young laay's sanity.
It Is said the nurses at the asylum re
futed the story that the patient was a
drug user; declaring that- she had not
taining for the girl proper legal aid should
the State Commissioners fail to release
her. Stories are afloat to the effect that
Albert Fraser, the brother, is the strong
est in the desire that his sister be placed
where she will not be able to gossip.
"Oh, I would like to talk," said Mrs.
James this evening, "but I was sworn to
secrecy. I'd like to tell the public all I
Know about this matter, but I cannot."
• Nearly all of the witnesses were promi
nent ladles of this city, who went in the
hope of aiding* Miss Fraser, and. riot being
lawyers, they did not stop to question .the
Commissioners' , right to administer tho
oath of secrecy. One of, these wit
nesses was Mrs. W. D. Buckley, wife of
a local capitalist. She and her husband
entertained Miss Fraser one evening: and
at 10 o'clock walked home with her. At
the samenlght the> asylum car
riage, with attendants provldf* with
straps and. handcuffs, took the girl from
her home to the madhouse. Another friend
of Miss Ffaser was Mrs. Budd,' wife of
Judge Budd, who signed the commitment;
another. Miss Genevieve Peters, a well
known society leader, and her mother,
wife of Major Peters, the capitalist.
Other ladles equally prominent were on
hand to declare their belief In the girl's
responsibility.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Aroused by the Insanity Commission's Strange Procedure in the
Investigation of. the . Madhouse Affair.
STOCKTON SOCIETY LADIES TAKE
UP THE CAUSE OF MARY FRASEK
way or the other. The Call dares you to reply either "yes"
or "no." The questions are up to you. If you shirk them
the people in whose courts you desire to preside as Judge
will doubtless find' no difficulty in making up their minds as
to the reason for your silence.
Did not three reputable men overhear you demand of an employe of
the Legislature at the last regular session a portion of his salary?
Did not those three reputable men see you receive the portion you
fipmn nrJpH find nut it in vnur nflpJrflf ?
V The Call dares you to answer those questions either one
1\7I R. E. "F./cbSPER, candidate for Superior Judge in Kings
lwl C° unt V» . : *His is for you personally :
You have chosen to impugn the motives, of The
Call in opposing your ''election.'.- You deny that the ground is
solely that of your unfitness for a position on the bench. You
have chosen to make what you term an "answer". to the state
ments of The Ca|l concerning your conduct While in the Leg
islature. Now, The : C^Il has lwo y questions which you are
invited to answer— which 1 you are challenged to answer;
an ax 'and fatally injured this afternoon
by Clyde Vaughn, a young man 19 years
of age, at Jefferson, a small town ninu
miles north of this city.
The grirl, who was beautiful and very
popular. was attending the Jefferson pub
lic school. Young Vaughn was janitor.
During the pehool hours he came to the
6choolroom and told the principal, 'Luther
Wiley, that a person orr the outside de
sired to epeak with Miss Jones. The girl
went out and failea to reappear. When
the teacher made a search for her he
found her in the furnace-room, in the
basement, with her skull crushed in. A
Moody ax lay beside the almost lifeless
body.
Vaughn was captured by the officers at
a late hour to-night about three mile?
from Jefferson. He. was making his way
back home when the officers apprehended
him. When arrested ne admitted the
«.-rime. and said that his intense love for
Miss Jones had impelled him td it. He
was taken to Jeffereon and a strong puard
priced over him. He will be conveyed to
Salem at once, as a lynching is feared. "
Vaughn had been paying considerable
attention to the young girl, but his ad
vances were rejected. After calling her
from the room he enticed her into the
basement and there attacked her. Believ
ing that his victim. was dead he fled from
the building.
The attending physicians pronounce the
wounds received by the young lady as
fatal, the entire forehead and top of skull
being crushed in by the blows of the
ax. The jrlrl 15 the daughter of Mrs. J.
\V. Jones of Jefferson ana has resided
during her entire life in the community.
Her sunny disposition ar.d gentle man
ners won for her the love and esteem ol
all. Her sister. Miss May Jnnes, is a
teacher in the Albany High School.
The cowardly assassin comes of a good
family and is related to some of the best
people In the State. About a week ago
ne remarked that Lulu would never live
to lo\ - e any one but , himself. Several
months ago he attempted to drown him
self because another cirl Jiad rejected his
attentions.
ALBANY, Ore., Oct. 23— Lulu Jones, a
14-year-old school girl, was attacked with
Lulu Jones From Her Class
" Room and Crushes In
Her SkulL
*
Krx-da.1 DJsratch to The Call.
LYNCHING OF CULPRIT FEARED
• —
Young Clyde Vaughn Entices Pretty
Crime.
Oregon Schoolgirl tlie Vic
tim ol an Atrocious
ATTACKED WITH
A N A X BY HER
JEALOUS LOVER
HERE ARE TWO QUESTIONS
COSPER DARE NOT ANSWER
A notable event of the evening was a
short address by Rev. Hobart Chetwood.
rector of St. Mary's By the Sea. on the
question of the exemption of church prop
erty from taxation that is to be decided
by the- people at the coming election. Thi*
speech received very hearty applause. A
marked feature of the gathering was the
presence and sympathetic attention of a
large number of ladies.
Air. Lacey talked in his -forcible and
convincing style of the live. issues of the
hour and was frequently interrupted by
enthusiastic applause.
PACIFIC GROVE. Oct. 23.— That thia
city and Its environs will go. almost solid
ly Republican in the coming election was
manifested beyond a doubt to-night.
Rarely Indeed, has so large and enthusias
tic a political gathering been seen here
abouts. The occasion was the presenta
tion to the voters of Pacific Grove of the
various Republican candidates for county
offices — William Sarles of - Gonzales. can
didate for Assemblyman: F. A. Abbott
of Salinas, candidate for Sheriff, and T. J.
Field of Monterey, candidate for County
Supervisor.
The rally was conducted under the
auspices of the McKInley and Roosevelt
Club of this city and the evening's exer
cises consisted of music by the Pacific
Grove band; patriotic songs by the Mc-
KInley Glee Club of this -city; speeches
by each of the candidates and by Hon.
B. A. Eardley, president of the evening,
and the main address of the evening by
Hon. Claude F. Lacey of Salinas.
Candidates Hake Their Sow to Pacific
Grove Voters.
Mr. Platt was received with enthusiasm
and his logical and forcible presentation
of the reasons that had led him to pub
licly change his political affiliations was
listened to with great Interest.
OUTPOURING OF REPUBLICANS.
The chairman of the meeting was Judge
E. TV. Britt, formerly -Supreme Court
Commissioner, and, until the present cam
paign, a life-long Democrat.
, The list of vice chairmen included many
men who In the past have been high in
the councils of the local Democracy, and
were as follows: Julius Brousseau, W.
Lacey Jr., W. G. Kerckhoff. H. W. Hell
man. J. G. Plater, J. H. Braly. Henry
Keller, Henry O'Melveny, J. D. Bicknell.
W. J. Hunsaker, W. A. Harris, TV. F.
Botsford, Judge J. D. Works, TVesley
Clark. Morris Cohen. R. H. Howell. Dr.
TV'est Hughes. TV. S. Hook. John R. Scott.
W. C. Bluett,' M. A. Newmark, O. M.
Ozman, C. H: Sessions, Percy R. Wilson,
J. R. Toberman, John Wigmore, Alex
Campbell, J. F. Sartori, Morris Hellman,
Judge W. A. Cheney, A. T. Currier.
George J. Denis, George Gephard, J. il.
Griffith, Lynn Helm, Harry H. Mayberry,
John Kahn, Newell Mathews, Albert Mc-
Farland, NUes Pease, Gail Borden Jr.,
Dr. J. A. Utley, H. Jevne. H. M. Dobbins
of Pasadena, W. D. TVoolwine. J. E. Fish
burn, Walter Durgln, George W. Kimball,
E. .8. Tomblin, Z. O. Parmalee, • George
Steckel.
LOS ANGELES, Oct. 23.—One of the
most interesting and significant features
of the - local campaign was the largely
attended meeting at Elks'? Hall to-night,
addressed by Horace G. Platt of San
Francisco. The meeting was held under
the auspices of the Business Men's Sound
Money League, which included a large
number of Gold Democrats, who were
driven out of their party by Bryanisro,
and who are now supporters of President
McKinley.. .
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Vice Chairmen of the Meeting In
clude Many Men"' Formerly ,
Prominent .in Councils of
the Democracy.
TELLS OF. HIS CHANGE OP FAITH
San Franciscan Addresses
a* Great- Gatnering at
Los Angeles.
ELOQUENCE OF
HORACE PLATT
WINNING VOTES
The defendants do not in their answer
intimate what their line of defense will
be in attempting to sustain the will,
against the execution of which grave
charges have been. made. The date for
trial ha? not yet been set. It will prove
to be a sensational case, as the. attorneys
for the Eastern heirs are busily collecting
evidence wherewith they hope to provo
their charge that Attorney Sawyer and
Madenas executed undue Influence over
the decedent In order to get hold of her
property.
MARTINEZ. Oct. 23.-The second step
tn a sensational will contest over the es
tate of Maria L. Shlmmlns, the San Pablo
hermit, was taken to-dny when Attorney
E. D. Sawyer of San Francisco and Joe
Madenas. the legatees under the will,
filfd their answer to the complaint of the
ICastern heirs. It is short and consists of
a general denial of all allegations set up
by the contestants.
Sroctal nispatch to The Call.
Accused San Francisco Attorney and
His Codefendant Do Not Indi
cate Wliat Their Course
Will Be.
DENIAL OP ALL ALLEGATIONS
Second Step in the Contest
Over Maria SMmmins'
Estate.
SAWYER AND
MADENAS FILE
THEIR ANSWER
SAN RAFAEL, Oct 21— The trial of J. ,
E. King for the murder of 8. H. Church
at Two Rocks on July 23 was resumed
In the Superior Court this morning. Tha
v,*ork of selecting the remainder of the
jury proceeded rapidly and by noon tha
six needed Jurors wero accepted and
sworn in.
Daniel H. Ryan made the opening state
ment for the prosecution. He told In de
tail what the prosecution would attempt
to prove and closed by stating that ho
would supply the jury with enough evi
dence to Justify a verdict of murder U»
the first degree. At the request of the
defense the court made an order direct
ing that all witnesses In the case be ex
cluded from the courtroom.
The first witness examined was Dr. O.
E. Ivancovich of Petaluxna, who attended.
Church after the shooting. He described
the wound Inflicted by the bullet from
King's weapon. When an effort was be
ing made to prove by him that Churcii
had made a dying statement the doctor
testified that Church said to him:
"Here lies a man who never prayed."
Just what followed the doctor waa not
allowed to describe.
Silas It. Stice, a son-in-law of Church,
and who was with him on the day of the
shooting, testified that King tried to
water his horses at his trough. He told
King to go away and King, who wad
accompanied by his wife, led his horses
back to their camp on the county road.
Stice thought that they might get water
out of a well near the road so he took a
hammer and nails and accompanied by
Church went down to nail up the we*l.
After doing this he and Church told King,
who was in his tent, not to go upon tha
property any more. No violent language
was used until King exclaimed. "I'll shoot
hell out *of you." i The witness then ran
and King shot at him. but missed.
Stice was here called from the stand
and County Surveyor G. Richardson was
sworn and asked to explain the map he
had made of scenes of the shooting. The
case was then continued until to-morrow
morning. It Is expected that It will bo
finished before Saturday.
Rancher and His Son-in-La-w Nailed
, Up a Well and Then Ordered
til© Caxnp«r Not to v*T
Trespass. '.'' -*'; ; v *
»
Special Dispatch to Tha Call.
TRAVELER WAS REFUSED WATER
Witness Describes Events
Leading Dp to King's
Crime.
SLEW CHURCH
WHEN WARNED
TO KEEP AWAY
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, OCTOBER 24^ 1900. '
STANFORD UNIVERSITY, Oct. 23.—
Because of alleged complicity In the're
cent sophomore-freshmen rush, two mem
bers of the senior class were this morn
ing placed under the ban* of the faculty
and denied the privileges of the univer
sity. Tliis afternoon the four classes met
and succeeded in -dissuading the faculty
committee from enforcing its edict. •
The students who were the cause of the
scholastic tribulations are ..W." 1 M. Erb,
captain of Stanford's second eleven, and J.
R. Hamilton, well known as a university
playwright. The faculty committees on
student affairs singled out the two upper
classmen to make vl them ¦ examples for
future rule smashers. Both men were
present at the rush, though each: denies
having taken an active part in it. , The
faculty men <_ believed that - they . had more
to do with steering, the under classmen
together than la permissible, • and . con
sequently they were bidden to^ go. Those
who actually took a part lnthe rush were
overlooked because they had less knowl
edge of the rules against rushing.
Speaking to-night of - the reasons why
the committee reconsidered Its decree of
banishment, Chairman Green had the fol
lowing tb say: . '
, v «.-Yy e were moved to take our present
position by the tone of the petitions sub
mitted ?to us by the different classes.
From them we felt that more good would
come from leniency than from* a- strict
adherence to our first position. In their
'"[ Special Dispatch to The Call.
resolutions, the four, classes promised co
operation against rushes in the future
and we accepted their promise. We real
ize that the acts complained of were In
no sense immoral— merely the result of an
exnuberance of spirits; hence the commit
tee feela that it can overlook the individ
ual offenBe for the sake of future har-
m °ny- The presence of the-studentscom
fclalned of will be conducive toward the
conditions forwhich we are laboring-, and
therefore, we have i exercised clemency
For the present' the matter is settled, the
"]en to remain, under certain private con
ditions which ; we feel will be fulfilled."
The actlon^of the committee will be hlp
plly received by the.whole student body
as the .penalty, was considered too severe
(oV^pKr 1 which the *™>)M
Faculty Orders the Banishment of Two Young Men f but Later
Is Induced to Suspend the Edict.
STANFORD STUDENTS DISCIPLINED
FOR HAVING INCITED CLASS RUSH
Troops Located by Sone.
*i^i en o^lJ[ Crya P 0 I tsky haa trled the ord
inal experiment . during the recent Au5
«on«^« n t UVers of «Vng the 5lngin? Sf
songs as a means of ascertaining the
whereabouts of the different companies of
So ??!?'* d ? rm ??- • He commanded each
«™l ? n ofa division to learn a certain
song of war and to sins it when attacked.
In this way he was to discover
when some . dlstanca/off which battalion
was being attackdMor the enemy. Th<=>
songs conaisteOjiFbl^sik songs familiar
.to the mep. tKc«c?7wttaUon were at
tached a f ew|lnuglc{aii|* apd drummers,
wh# the tfclnglttfr soldiers.—Lon
don Mail. , r.V.V A -':^- -;•••» ;
2
ADVERTISEMENTS.
••••••••••••••••••••••
:TIP=TOP :
J Means best tcf be had. Hunt the £
3^. world over and you will find
34. every one say that about our *
$ GUARANTEED WATERPROOF.*
* Men's Alaska Seal Lace or Con-
* gress Shoes; latest style, double
X sole and extension edges: just what
* you want for winter wear; all s lzes.
-fc' price ' 8«>.tXJ •*
* Cork sole of leather lined 60c « tr »- *
* Youth's Alaska Seal; alzea J\%£ *
X ' 'BoyV 'Alaska" Seal':' ¦teM*«4 to^H *
* ¦¥¦
' - ' --V : . - *
* . ¦ . . " \ v
J A TIMELY OFFER! *
J Fall rains are here and every one *
*" needs a light foot protection. ¦*
4- A little early for heavy rubbers. *
4- eo we are going to make you an *
jl offer— one that will please you: La-
T dies* full vamp Foothold rubbers, _L
2 sizes 1 to 5: former price Me: re- £
>r duced now to % ...25c "*
•¦B. KATCBINSKI, I
* PHILADELPHIA SHOE CO; J
; > tO Third St.. San Francisco. •¥
•••*********••••••••**•
SDR. MEYERS
Specialists
Disease and weak- i
ness of men. . Es- .NEW YORK, Oct. 23.— The Times says:
Control of the Pacific Mail Steamship
Company changes. E. H. Harriman suc
ceeds Collls P. Huntington. Mr. Hairi
man and bis colleagues have taken over
a majority of the Pacific Mail capital
8tock. Identified with Mr. Harriman In
this new big deal — one of international
significance— is William K. Vanderbllt.
Sequels soon to follow will have far
reaching consequence.
country.
Hill and Mr. Harriman have corae Into
close affiliation In Chicago and Alton and
In Baltimore and Ohio reorganization un
dertakings, and Mr. Harriman is credited
with giving more heed to Mr. Hill's prac
tical railway counsel than to that of any
other transportation authority of tha
Now freight can be taken from the port
of New York across the continent by rail
without breaking bulk, and sent forward
by steamship to China and Japan; all
under a bill of lading representing ono
centralized transportation Interest. The
Pacific Mail steamship line becomes thus
practically a mere "division" In a Vander
bllt system from New York to Asia. It
is. therefore, not Improbable that before
long there will be a revival of the former
reports of consolidation, or what In sub
stance may be the same, between railway
systems from New York to California.
Bent on a Hopeless Task.
OAKLAND. Oct. 23-Charles Wesley
Dunning of South Berkeley is detained at
the Receiving Hospital to await examina
tion as to his sanity. He believes he is
a special commissioner sent to earth to
stamp out the liquor traffic. Mrs. Blanche
Mercier V>f 1016 Eighth street was com
mitted to the State hospital at Agnews by
Judge Ogden this morning.
VANCOUVER. B. C, Oct. 23.— Postofflce In
spector Dorman has gone to Grand Forks to
investigate a mysterious, postal robbery. Two
registered packages, one containing $1000. from
the Bank of Montreal at Greenwood, axxl the
other containing $2000. from the same bank,
and addressed to the Eastern Township's Bank,
were stolen on the same night. The Inspector
thinks be has a clew which will result in the
arrest of the thieves.
E. H. Harriman Will Succeed Hunt
ington and Vanderbilt Will
Direct Its Affairs.
CHANGE IN CONTROL
OF PACIFIC MAIL
The above illustration is reproduced from, one of the Boxer posters that are now being distributed through China to show the natives how easily they could retake the city that was
captured by the allied forces after desperate fighting.
WORCESTER, Mass., Oct. 23.— The Uni
tarian Institute, attended by over 100
prominent clergymen of th£t denomination
from various parts of the United States,
opened for a three days' session to-day.
A S Garver of Worcester delivered an
address of welcome. The day was de
voted to the reading and discussion of
papers.
Unitarians In Session.
LONDON. Oct. 24.— Replying to re
marks of the Newmarket correspondent
of tne Times, who on Monday defended
American Jockies against Lord Durham's
attacks, the earl to-day writes a long let
ter to the Times containing the following
extracts:
"I have never condemned the 'style* of
American riding or American training.
On the contrary, I share in the respect
which all Newmarket trainers feel for the
character and abilities of Messrs. Hug
gins and Pincus. Two years ago, .in a
public speech, I welcomed the advent of
Sloan as productive of good rather than
evil. -¦¦:;;« —
"But I do disapprove the methods of the
American Jockeys and I do not welcome
the influx of their followera. who consider
horse racing merely as an Instrument for
high gambling."
In giving his reasons for his remarks.
Lord Durham emphasized the fact that
the latter were made before the Escurlals
race and immediately after Clarehaven
won the Czarowltch. He says he does not
agree with the decision of the stewards In
the Escurlals case and considers that
they ought to have investigated Lester
Reiff's riding in other races.
"Space forbids," he continues, "an enu
meration of all the instances of unscru
pulous riding on the part of the Ameri
cans, although I have no complaint
against Maher, who rides very well and
seems a most respectable boy. '
Proceeding to detail Sloan s suspensions
and reprimands, he observes: "I don't
think It right in the Interests of, the turf
that Sloan should be a prominent buyer
at the Doncaster yearling sales or that
one of his followers should be the Ameri
can trainer for whom he has been en
deavoring to obtain a license at New
"Martin has twice been disqualified this
year and Rlgby was reprimanded at the
Liverpool July cup; but the warning has
no effect on Rlgby's reckless riding. His
Serformances at Gatwick last week were
istinctly dangerous.
"So much for the prominent American
Jockeys. I prefer an Increase of English
bays to augmentation of the existing num
ber of Americans If the methods of the
latter are to be similar to the methods of
those I have named."
Finally, referring to in and out riding,
he expressed regret that the stewards did
not ask an explanation of Spectrum's run
ning at the first July meeting and of
Clarehaven's Caarowitch. "In the inter
ests of Mr. Newmann and of honorable
sportsmen like Mr. Whitney," said Lord
Durham, "such an investigation was emi
nently desirable*" /
The Sportsman publishes an Interview
•with Lord Durham in which he repeats
that nothing has been further from his
wishes than to cast aspersions on all rac
ing men. He declared that he has always
welcomed American, French and colonial
competition on the English turf as pro
ductive of friendly rivalry and good for
the improvement of horse breeding.
Says- He Is Not: Opposed to
American Jockeys' Style
of Riding.
LORD DURHAM
MAKES REPLY
CHICAGO,, Oct. 23.— A sepclal to the Record from Wheeling, W. Va.,
says: : Just. a, year ago the Circuit > Court V of • Fayette County, Judge
; Montgomery presiding, : sentenced Lud Madison, colored, to be hanged
14, In the ' State < penitentiary, at • Moundsville for. the ¦ murder'
of another" negro.' Two days,before,the < date of. the execution Gover
nor Atkinson ; Issued " a respite ' for nine days.1 The Judge who sentenced him
died before < the '; reprieve I expired. Two 'week's ago".- 1 Madison's case was
forced upon the ' authorities by ; a . report ¦ of ; it to > Governor Atkinson. : The
Governor decided ' that . the ; Judge ' being '¦ dead v and ¦ the - time j. for ¦ resentence
having ; passed ;no 'one^ can now .resentence "¦< Madison.*. Further, -the date of
legal : death having passed Madison cannot : be ; hanged "on \ the original sen
tence! • , As he was ; never ¦ sentenced to :• imprisonment , he cannot , be I kept ' in
the , penitentiary. , so Madison ; : will .probably ' bej released ln*a' few days. .
Trial Judge Dies During the Reprieve
of: Lud Madison, Convicted of Murder.
LEGAL TANGLE WILL SAVE
HIM FROM THE GALLOWS
It was in the neighborhood of 10 o'clock
when the four men lifted the partly un
consclous girl into Schulthors' rig. It Is
alleged that after -the -hackman had been
called one of the men asked for another
round of drinks an<i ln'o that served to
the girl .poured the contents of a vial
that held "knock-out" drops. The men
directed the driver to take them to a
roadhouse, but they found the- place
closed and repeated rapplngs produced no
response. The party then started back
toward the city.
In a lonely spot the hack was stopped
and the girl lifted out of It and laid upon
a blanket by the roadside. In what fol
lowed the hackman and one of the four. It
Is said,- had no part. The story Is too re
volting to describe. The hackman claims
that he did not leave his seat on the cab.
He was unable to say whether the girl
was -dead or alive when she was lifted
back into the cab. He remembers that he
was told to drive down by the river bank.
Here the girl, apparently lifeless, was
lifted out of the cab and her head and
face bathed with river wa.ter. After a
long time spent in trying to revive her
the men held a consultation. Their vic
tim was again lifted into the cab and the
hackman was ordered to drive like mad
to Dr. Wiley's house. Dr. Wiley was not
at home, and the party hurried to the res
idence of Dr. Townsend." The physician
was aroused and told to come down stairs
at once and give Immediate attention to
a woman who had been injured. He was
told not to wait to dress. He slipped on
a bath robe and went out to the carriage
door. He felt the girl's pulse and then
stepped back, saying his services were not
needed as the girl was dead.
One of the men cursed the doctor for a
fool and commanded him to revive her.
The doctor turned and started back into
the house. The men then changed their
demeanor and begged him to do something
for the girl. Then the doctor assured
them that it was useless, as the girl was
dead and beyond help. The carriage then
drove away, but came back in a few min
utes and the men urged Dr. Townsend to
resort to anything to bring the girl about.
He again explained that the girl was be
yond medical aid. . The doctor was offered
any amount of money if he would try, but
he persisted that it was useless for him to
try. as death had come long before.
The carriage then drove away.' There
was a consultation among the men. One
wanted to take the body to the girl's
home and leave it there. The other three
refused to consider this and insisted on
dropping the body on the roadway. It
was finally resolved to drive out into Ber
gen County by, way of the Thirty-third-
Finally one of the men telephoned to the
Erie station for a carriage, and August
Schulthors .responded. This hackman has
been the main source of the police's in
formation and has given a detailed story
of what occurred.
NEW YORK, Oct. 23.— Police Investiga
tion Into the death of Miss Jennie
Bosschleter of Paterson, N. J., reveals one
of the most remarkable and revolting
crimes which has ever been brought to
light in this section. The police have the
five persons more or less concerned In the
affair In custody. From statements an-1
confessions, made they have been able to
trace the course of the girl from 8:30
Thursday evening until she met death,
and the travels of her body afterward are
also fairly well- known. | Shortly after. S
o'clock Miss Bosschieter passed Kent's
drugstore at Paterson and near it met
Andrew Campbell. There was a short
conversation and then the pair walked
down Main street. Somewhere en route
they were Joined by George Kerr, Walter
McAlister and William Death. The four
entered Christopher Saal's saloon. Here
drinks were served.
Four Men Under Arrest for an Atrocious
Deed That Brings Death to a Pretty
POISON A YOUNG WOMAN
WHILE PLANNING HER RUIN
street bridge. "When the bridge was
reached the driver was again ordered to
stop. The purpose soon developed.
When the triple attack upon the uncon
scious and pernaps dead girl was made a
portion of her clothing had been torn off.
When the party left the scene of the
crime one man had a portion of her cloth
ing In a pocket of his coat and another
had the remainder of the garments. When
the stop was made at the river bank to
bathe the girl's face and head her combs
and pins had been removed. Those were
in McAllster's pocket. The two portions
of the garment and the combs and 'hair
pins were dropped from the bridge into
the Passalc River. The carriage was
then driven a short distance along th©
road Into Bergen County. The spot was
decided - upon as a good place to
drop the corpse. The body was
dragged out of the carriage, but Just 'then
a wagon was heard approaching and one
of the men hurled the body back Into the
cab, exclaiming: "For God's sake, drive
on! Here comes a carriage!" *
The hack went on until a dark spot near
Alca's Mills was reached. Another of the
men lifted the shoulders, and as the hips
reached the sill McAlister dropped the
feet and the two men held the body up
right for a moment and then let It go.
The girl's body fell backward, the head
striking a rock, which crushed the skull.
This circumstance, which threw the Ber
gen County authorities off the scent, was
not foreseen by the. men disposing of the
body. The hackman received $10 for his
night's work. This was paid by McAlis
ter. ' .
This Is the story as detailed by detec
tives. The four men directly concerned
in this affair and the hackman are pris
oners. The hackman has told all he
knows, and two of the others have con
firmed his story. It Is said that Death
and Campbell are the two men who told
all and that Kerr has also confessed. Mc-
Allstcr alone is said to deny the affair as
detailed.
Walter McAllster is a member of the
firm of James McAlister & Co., silk
throwsters. George Kerr Is a member of
the* firm of J. P. Donleavy Paint Co.
Andrew Campbell Is a .bookkeeper em
ployed at the Hand-street silk mill. Wil
liam Death is a young man who was mar
ried five weeks ago. Mrs. Death's friends
are endeavoring . to conceal the story of
the details of her husband's arrest, and
she is convinced that a mistake has been
made.
The men ' Implicated in the crime were
held 'without bail after a hearing before
Recorder Senior to-day.
Judge Kerr, brother of one of the pris
oners, Is married to a sister of Mayor
Hinchcliffe, the millionaire brewer of Pat
erson. He is also a relative of John John
son, Democratic nominee for Congress In
the Paterson district.
The funeral' of the dead girl was held
this afternoon. To avoid a crowd it was
announced that services had been post
poned by the Coroner. It is claimed at
Paterson to-night that the affair is only
one of a series of crimes In which mill
girls of that city have been victims, but
this Is the first case known In which any
of the girls have lost their lives.
Long Journey in a Launch.
LYONS, Iowa, Oct 23.-J. B. Knight of
D«rby, Conn., Frank None and Owen
Tally of Chicago and Arthur Mullens of
Lyons left here to-day In their 40-foot
gasoline launch Venice for a trip down
the Mississippi, across the gulf and up
the coast to Connecticut.
Minister of Foreign Affairs.
BERLIN, Oct. 23.— Baron yon Rlchtho
fen. Under Secretary of the Foreign Of
fice, has been appointed to succeed Count
.von^Bulow as Minister of Foreign Affairs.
CHICAGO, Oct. 23.— Murdered by her lover, Philip TV Lewis, who killed
himself immediately after committing the crime, the body of Rose
Adenburg still lies unburied because of a wrangle over, tj^e burial ex
, penses. Yesterday afternoon her body, Inclosed in a common pine cof
fin, was taken to a cemetery near Waldhelm for Interment At the
grave her father, Barney Adenburg, became involved in a dispute over the
amount to be paid. *,
The undertaker refused -to go on with the ¦' funeral, and the body, -was
brought back to town and placed In Adenburg*s store. The report of Aden
burg's conduct aroused the residents of the neighborhood, and last night his
place of business. was surrounded by. a crowd of enraged neighbors. The po
lice were. appealed to arid word was sent to. the' city ¦ health department. If
the body is rot interred by Adenburg within a reasonable length of time it will
be taken forcibly, from the house by the ; police and . burled at Adehbnrg's ex
pense. The health authorities notified Adenburg that they, would 'take ''sum
mary . actionr as the body.had not been embalmed. - '
Chicago Man Objects to Fee and Body
Is. Borne Back ¦ From Cemetery.
REFUSES TO PAY FOR
DAUGHTER'S FUNERAL
Germany's Friendship.
BERLIN, Oct. 23. — Count, von Bulow,
the Imperial Chancellor, authorized the
Associated Press to say that his acces
sion to the Chancellorship will mean no
change in Germany's friendly attitude
toward the United States, either politi
cally or commercially. .
To-day the Chancellor visited the diplo
matic representatives of the other Ger
man states, and it is said that he will
soon make ceremonious visits to the
courts of Saxony, Bavaria and Baden.
the Yangtse Valley.
PARTS, Oct. 23.— There is considerable
mystery regarding the health of the
French Minister at Peking. M. Plnehon.
The French Government has received
through the Chinese Minister here a cable
Germany and England Have Eyes on
DIVISION OF THE SPOILS.
CALL BUREAU. TrELLTNGTON
HOTEL, TVASHINGTON. Oct. 13.
There Is a disposition In Wash
ington, to believe that the agree
ment made by Germany and
Great Britain and presented to several
other powers for their adherence Is not
the only pact those two nations have
formed. This belief finds its basis In
the third article of the published agree
ment and the understanding of the au
thorities is that the Berlin and London
governments would not be likely to an
nounce their purpose to "reserve the right
to come to a preilmlncry understanding"
in case any move is made to dismember
Chlca without having determined in ad
vance •what that preliminary agreement
Is. As to a decision having been reached
to dispose of territory outside of China
nothing is known here, and it seems to
be the opinion of well informed official?
thai the Berlin press is in error on this
point. No doubt is expressed that during
the Emperor's famous visit to England
some months ago an arrangement was
made with Great Britain which brought
about a satisfactory definition of the Ger
man, boundary line in South Africa and
the non-interference of the German Gov
ernment In the Boer war and it is consid
ered that the latter agreement Is simply
a continuance of the policy of mutual
friendship and co-operation embarked
upon by the two nations at that time.
An effort was made to-day in an en
tirely irresponsibly circle to chow that
Great Britain and Germany in reaching
an agreement as to the action to be taken
In territory outside of China referred par
ticularly to the Western Hemisphere and
the proposed Nicaragua canal, but in au
thoritative quarters this statement is re
ceived •with no favor.
Secretary Hay Is preparing an answer
to the Invitation of Great Britain and
Germany to adhere to the agreement that
they have reached and in the meantime i9
collecting Information as to toe interpre
tation to be placed upon article three.
No doubt Is felt here that Russia Is the
Government against whom Great Britain
and Germany make the threat Incorporat
ed In the third article and there Is no
doubt also that Russia understands this
as well as does the United States.
The agreement will certainly accomplish
or.e result— it will i/icrease the tension be
tween Great Britain and Germany on one
band and Russia on the other and make
more difficult the task of the United
States to preserve harmony of action. The
best information in possession of the
State Department is that Russia, acting
as this Government propose* to do, ¦will
formulate a reply acknowiedping adher
ence to the principles set forth In the
Anglo-German agreement and then. In or
der to avoid giving the two hostile govern
ment* any ground for carrying out their
threat to take such action for protection
of their own Interests In China as they
may deem necessary, will, as soon as pos"
slble, begin the withdrawal of her troops
from Manchuria. .
LONDON. Oct. 23.— The officials of the
British Foreign Office say the Anglo-
German agreement will not affect Rus
sia's railroad concessions in Manchuria,
They point out that the object of the
agreement Is the upholding of the Integ
rity of China, without reference to the
arrangements of the powers regarding
the construction of railroads In China.
As to Railroads In China.
LONDON, Oct. 23.— The Globe this after
noon announces that Great Britain has
leased 'from the English contractors the
.harbor works of Chlngwan Tao, now In
course of construction, for a period of
eight months, with the object of landing
men and stores there and utilizing the
branch railroad thence to Tangho, where
it joins the main line to Peking.
Harbor Works Leased.
The Vossische Zeitung, referring to the
report that the United States before giv
ing a final answer wishes Germany and
Great Britain to explain what they mean
by clause three," that Is, whether if'an
other power seizes territory they Intend
to recoup themselves by annexations, and
whether they Intend to prevent seizure by
force, says: "The answer to such a ques
tion will probably be that Germany and
Great Britain have not reached a decision
on that point, but intend to decide only
after a seizure shall have occurred, since
the decision must depend upon the inter
ests involved."
The press continues a lively discussion
of the agreement. Th© Hamburg Corre
spondent, which Is often the mouthpiece
of the Foreign Office, refers to the sus
picion expressed In some foreign news
papers that certain clauses in the agree
ment are kept secret, and asserts that no
secret clauses exist.
BERLIN*. Oct. 23.— A high official of the
German Foreign Office asserted this even
ing that Austria-Hungary and Italy have
expressed their formal adherence to the
Anglo-German agreement, but that
France, Russia and the United States
have not defined their positions.
its Want Further
Certain Go*
Light Before Taking Action,
TO EXPLAIN THE CLAUSE.
message from Li Hung Chang saying that
M. Plnchon Is sick and suggesting that
the French Government appoint another
plenipotentiary. The French Minister of
Foreign Affairs, M. Deleasse, having re
ceived the same day a dispatch from M.
Plnchon which did not refer to his health
considers that Li Hung Chang's sugges
tion is open to suspicion and has cabled
to M. Pinchon on the subiect. The lat
ter's reply has not yet been received.
The Temps, which Is a semi-official or
gan, says under a Londdh date:
"The belief in diplomatic circles is that
the Anglo-German agreement is purely a
mutual guarantee against either country
seizing the Yangtse Valley. Germany,
even if not in an economic crisis, is at
least in serious embarrassments owing
fo considerable overproduction brought
about by the enormous industrial machin
ery which she has created at a great cost.
She, therefore, seeking commercial out
lets, casts her eyes on China and especial
ly on the Yangtze Valley, and fearing
England might attempt to seize the Yang
tse Valley 6he signed the published agree
ment. Diplomats are convinced that no
secret clause exists. The thrid article ap
plies to the eventuality of Russia defin
itely seizing Manchuria, in which case
Germany and England would divide the
Yangtse Valley. But there are reasons to
believe this will not occur, because Rus
sia Is determined not to seize Manchuria."
THE SAN FRANCISCO GALU, WEDNESDAT, OCTOBER 24, 1900.
THE RETAKING OF TIENTSIN AS SEEN BY CHINESE ARTISTS.
¦¦¦-.¦ ¦- •/• > ..." - ' *-• : ; ¦/ . ... " .. " - - ¦ ¦- - ¦-.?.-??,
SECRET PACT EXISTS BETWEEN GERMANY AND BRITAIN ON CHINESE QUESTION
It may be disclosed that James J. Hill
of the Great Northern Railway Is also In
terested In Mr. Harriman's project. Mr.
Under Mr. Harrlman's , control — control
In which "VV. K. Vanderbllt directly par
ticipates—the Pacific Mail Steamship
Company's affairs will be revolutionized.
More steamships— not one or two, but
many— will be forthwith added to the
company's service. Most ot them will be
for Asiatic trade.
The New York Central system, linked to
the Union Pacific by the Chicago and
Northwestern, with the natural auxiliar
ies already possessed, will now connect
with the Pacific Mail steamships for con
tinuous transportation service to China
and Japan. The Philippine trade is also,
of course, to be incidentally competed for.
Under Mr. Huntlngton's direction the
Pacific Mail Steamship Company was" a
tender to his Southern Pacific Interests;
its operations subordinate to Mr. Hunting
ton's great railway systegi. In Its new
control the company will have scope never
hitherto contemplated. The acquisition
of the Pacific Mail Steamship Company
makes possible the Immediate accomplish
ment of Mr. Vanderbllt's cherished plan
of a continuing transportation system —
virtually under one management— from
the Atlantic through to the Pacific Coast
and thence direct to the Far East.
3
POSTXTM CEREAL.
SHOWED THE MINISTER
And Got "F^™ In Line.
•Tn a minister** family In lios Angeles
irfeere Z was vlsltlsg some time ago the
Trlfe complained of serious indigestion and
dyspepsia. She admitted that ehe uted
coffee and said the more than half be-
lieved that was the trouble. I • told her
that I knew It was the trouble, for I had
et>ne through with the experience myself
and had ocly been cured when I left off
coffee and took up Postum, Pood Coffee.
"She said the had .tried the Postum
both for herself and her husband, but
they did not like It. With her permission
I made Po*tum next morning myself, and
boiled It full fifteen minutes after the real
boiling of the pot began. Then when It
was served It was a rich. deep, brown
color and had the true flavor and food
ralue that every Poetum maker knows.
Zt Is all folly to talk about trying to make
Poetum with one or two minutes* steep-
Ing. ,
"You can't ret something good for
nothing. It mnst be boiled, boiled, boiled.
and to keep It from boiling .over use
small tamp of butter perhaps twice the
else of a pea. That morning the minister
and his wife liked Postum so well that
their whole lives were changed on . the
question of diet and tney abandoned cof-
fee at once and for all time.
"Now, after a hard day's work, they
are comforted, refreshed, and rested by a
cup of well made Postum for supper. They
are both enthusiastic in its praise. . The
wife has entirely recovered from her, dys-
pepsia. I will not go Into the details of
my own caso except to say that I. was a
6eep«rate sufferer wi th dyspepsia and dis-
covered by leaving off coffee that' co-ffe»
was the cause of it. I quickly got well
when I took up Postum Food Coffee. I
earnestly hope many more coffee drinkers
may get their eyes open." Name' and ad-
dress given by Postum Cereal Co.. i.td..
Battle Creek, Mich. .,
A good combination T
clothes of style that wear
Wear our union-made clothes and your
friends will congratulate you upon your neatness
of dress and good judgment of clothing.
We have union-made, ready-to-wear suits and over-
j coats for $10.00 that are growing day by day into more
J popular favor ; it's not the price alone that is making them
so popular — it's the style and the make, and the desire of
many men to dress, well at an economical cost.
' All the weaves of the season to choose from and
every garment guaranteed. You have paid $15.00 many
a time (but not here) for just such a suit.
Three=piece suits
For boys from 10 to 15 years old; material. is of very
serviceable, all-wool Scotch tweed; coat is a three-button
round-cornered sack, -made up stylishly; vest double-
breasted, neatly trimmed; knee pants, lined throughout,
all seams taped; price
$5.00 a suit
Vestee Suits
For boys from 3 to 8 years old;, all-wool materials in
tweed er cheviot; some have open-front vest and detach-
able shield, and with others the vestee buttons down the
back. The suits come differently trimmed and the variety •
represents about everything desired; price
$3.50 a suit
Oui-of'town . orders filled— write us.
718 Market Street.'
n itPRINCETON PROFESSOR'S DEADLY LOOKING CONTRIVANCE THAT |
IS MORE THAN LIKELY TO CAUSE THE PERMANENT RETIRE- i
MENT OF. ANY NUMBER OF HIGH-PRICED PITCHERS.
"TOUCHDOWN*" HOBBS FOR
ONE WEEK DISPELS THE
GLOOM OF NOME.
Saturday night his deserted wife, living
at 4215 Twenty-third street, went before
the Musicians 7 Vnlon with a plea for
financial aid, which will be furnished her.
Despite the fact that he has a wife and
family. J. K. Hopkins, a trap drummer In
an O'Farrell-street music hall, left town
Thursday with an actress named llamle
Swift.
Deserts Wife and Children.
Father York© lectures To-Morrow.
Interest in the lecture to be- delivered
by Rev. Father Torke to-morrow even
ing In Metropolitan Temple continues to
increase and present indications point to
a large attendance. "The Priest in Poli
ties" is a subject seldom discussed In pub
lic and is sure to be interesting. Re
served seats are on sale at Glldea's.
corner of Market street and Grant ave
nue. •
Fred Hansted. better known as "Toting
Dutchy." was In Judge Dunne's court
again yesterday morning, that a motion
to dismiss the charge against him and
quash the Indictment charging him with
making and uttering a fictitious Instru
ment might be argued. As there was a
case ahead of "Young Dutchy's" Judge
Dunne ordered the motions filed and the
case retained on its original place on the
calendar.
Young Dutchy in Court.
Expert Williams has filed a statement
of the condition of the Hall of Justice
fund. In 'which there Is a balance of
$2558 59. In a previous statement Williama
discovered a balance of $12,114 24. This
has been reduced to the first named fig
ures by demands Incurred since. The
statement shows that on October 15. 1900.
there was a total of $23,068 71 as credit ac
counts in the Auditor's books. The de
mands on hand, amounts payable for con
tracts not completed and bills now in the
ofnee of the Board of Public Works aggre
gate $26,510 12.
Hall of Justice Funds.
pany and the individual operators will
make the same announcement. The no
tices do not mention how long the advance
is to stand.
CHICAGO, 6ct. 23.— The Hiriton baseball cannon, which Is now at Marshall
field for Director A. A. Stags to experiment with, is an interesting,
though somewhat complicated piece of apparatus for trainlrg battenea.
When mounted ready for action it looks like an old Spanish gun. but,
judging from the way in which Professor St&gg dodged a hot lnshoot
the other day. It has more action. The cannon Is about two feet and a half long:,
and the muzzle is just large enough for the regulation sized baseball. The re
markable part of the gun is the arrangement for making it shoot curves. This
consists of two parallel wooden fingers attached to the muzzle by a narrow cylin
der. The inner side of the nngers and the cylinder are lined with rubber tape,
When the ball comes out of the cannon the fingers throw it out of its natural
course a little, thus giving the desired curve. Outs, ins and drops can be secured
by changing the position of the cylinder holding the fingers. Attached to the
breach of the cannon is a ten-foot rod hollowed like a rifle barrel. A small rifia
barrel attached to a rifle stock is inserted in this barrel, and the rifle stock
placed in "position on a stand behind the gun. This makes a Joined barrel
which can be shortened or lengthened at will. This regulates the speed at which
the ball will be fired, the rate being faster when the barrel Is shortened. The
ball is fired by the powder and gases going into the cannon through the rod. Just
back of the ball Is a small disk which spreads the powder so that It will not
damage the ball. Professor Charles H. Hinton of Minneapolis Invented the gun
several years ago, when he was professor of mathematics at Princeton Uni
versity. Princeton baseball players used it while he was experimenting to per
fect the scheme.
At a meeting.; held recently by the di
rectors of the San' Francisco Jockey Club
It ; was decided io Impose ; a* license ' on
trainers and jockeys, which must De taken
out -before they can * participate in tho
sport at Tahforan Park. . For trainers and
jockeys^ the amount charged- will be $5,
'licenses dating from November. 19, 1900. to
May. 4, 1901/ Apprentices are also required
to procure a license, the fee for •- which
was set at $1.: A. special license will be is
sued,to, steeplechase riders.' -',-'. ..
; v Among the ;f eatures ' of • the . first ¦ two
* weeks' raclngi at Tanf oran v Park • will . be
'two hurdle events and three steeplechases
with from $400 to $600" added to each. > • ,;
¦ The J string; of." Louis : Ezell arrived ; from
Chicago on- Monday, the' horses now be
ing stabled at Ingleside track.: ... ,
Jockeys Must Procure Licenses.
A delegation "from Martha Washington
and California councils pa'd a fraternal
visit last week to Custer Council of the
Junior Order of United American Mechan
1< s in Oakland. The- vis.iur.s were cor
dially received and during the even ng
entertained with music, songs and reclta
vior.8. There were also remarks by Mrs.
\\V E. La Dieu of Martha Washington
<:oum*il. deputy for California Council,
after which th^re was dancing until it was
•Urn*? to. take the last. train. for, home.
A number of names have been obtained
Martha Washington Council gave a
party on the lCih of October which was
greatly enjoyed by all who attended, and
they were many.
California Council at Its last held meet
ing initiated three strancers, increasing
the membership to 140. with three applica
tions to be passed upon.
Mrs. Ladue of Martha Washington
Council No. 2 has been appointed deputy
rational councilor' for California Council
No. 1 of the Daughters of liberty, and
Laura Cantus of California -Council has
been appointed deputy for Martha. Wash
ington Council." ' ,
Daughters of Liberty.
Order of Chosen Friends.
Recently - there • was an ¦ . entertain
ment in the hall of Golden Gate
Council, prepared by Instructress Mrs. A.
Boehm for members of that council, and
a few invited members of other councils.
It was a pleasant, gathering, which- was
entertained with selections : ori the piano
by Friend Pfannel of America Council, a
short address' by Councilor R. Jackson,
vocal solo. Organist Mrs. Beers, and ad
dresses by Past Councilor S. 'H. Simon,
Supreme Representative Mrs. C. J.
Sweeney, \ Grand Recorder S. C. Wallis
and Mrs. Minnie Fidelia. Wallis. councilor
of E"ans Council. After the : close : of the
meeting - an /excellent collation and Ice
cream '. was served. , 'iw9SHE3fl9BW9BBSMBtasi
Teutonla Council at Its last held meeting
Lincoln Lodge of the Friends- of the
Forest will change Its quarters from Odd
Fellows' building to- Shlels building, and
will glv« a house warming on the evening
of the 29th of October. . . '
Friends of the Forest.
to a petition for a new council of this or
der which is being organized in Oakland.
The, followinginamed have been ap
" pointed a committee 'to Itake. charge of
the entertainment and dance to be Riven
in Pythian Castle on the evening of 'the
6th of Octoberby Britannia .Lodge of the
Daughters of St. George: Mrs. S. Clack
(chairman), Mrs. A. Price. - Mrs. H. Wil
liams, Mrs. A; E. Creba; Mrs.' P.. A.-Wil
liams., Mrs. R. k - Meadows, Mrs. E. Harri
son. Mrs. : R. Hewitt; - Mrs. - E. ¦¦ Goss, Mrs.
J. Beauford, Mrs. M.Vewit. " *
Daughters of St. . George.
¦On the night of October 15 Division No.
150 of the Knights ..of Loyal Guard held
a meeting, at which there . were - present
a gfood representation of the membership.
.Under good of the order there were a
number of addreeses for the edification
of the membership as to the working of
the organization nere and In the East.
Among the speakers were: /Captain Gen
eral Thomas K. Kase. D. F. Brandon F.
A. Taylor. S. C. Wallis and other officers
, of the division.* -
Knights of the Loyal Guard.
Initiated a candidate. At lt» next meet
ing Empire Council will have Initiatory
work. " ... . -
NOTES OF FRATERNAL SOCIETIES.
On the subject , of "Suffrage," Mrs.
Sturtevant-Peet said: ¦¦ , ...
• This question .contains so much of vital in
terest to women that it causes us to pray for
hastening the day when they shall have equal
voice and power at the ballot box to push our
rights to the fore. . •¦ ¦¦ ¦ f • :
lp this department of suffrage we have al
ways-had and have to-day as leaders and ad
visers the bravest and mest Intelligent women.
In our organization and out of it women should
rive them the indorsement and encouragement
It remains yet to be. determined if anything
TV-Ill be undertaken during the coming LcKis
lcture. The brain at the head of the State
government is so Gaged and In league with the
veto power it would seem almost a forlorn
hope. Because men are not all of one pat
tern, we may better afford to wait, but in the
meantime the contest is on and never will down
until women are recognized as citizens on the
day of election as well as the day for gather-
Ing taxes. / . . . ,-;
Much Interest centered In the debate.
"Resolved, that the safety and perma
nence of the republic demand a radical
change In the National Government. '
Miss Sarah Severance and Mrs. Ella S.
Pringle were on the affirmative side and
Mrs. Grace M. Kimball and Mrs. S. M
M. "Woodman the negative. ;¦-
The following delegates have registered
at headquarters In the church parlors:
Mesdames Abbott, C. Armstrong, J. Ander
eon, E. C. Allen. J. G. Armstrong. C. L. D.
Alen, M Anderson. A. Bradley. Christine Arm
etronr. E. H. Button, C. O. Baker. Black. H.
Barber L. V. Brown, C: L. Bowers, Beals,
Annie L. Barry, Beatrice Roberts, Alice Brad
ley L. Buckmelster. Frank Bertial, L. M. Bur
well, Alice M. Bowman. Mary M. Rodsers. M.
L. Crase E. J. Cotten. M..H. Cartwrieht. S.
E. Collen, Clark. J. J. Coyle, Emily Cowell,
A. E. Clark L. M. Colman. Jessie Clark, J. N.
Curnlngham, A C. Corvent, Crandali, D. T.
Cuttls, McCanell, S. M. Cole. A. B. Campbell,
M. N. Cook. S. J. Door, Uavia. J. Drace. E.
Dool, Mary Dillas. D. S. Dickson, Charlton
Edholm Everts, J. L,. Evarts. Addle A. Kot-i-,
R. A. Emmons, Blanche English, Dr. Ruth
French. Fisher, C. Freelyn, Miss J. M. Far
well, L.' N. Fryer, M. E. Field,
Fielding J. C Fard, N. Goodwin. Lulu Green,
Eva Gllehrist. Olive GlfTord. E. G. Green,
A. B. Gove. M. C. Lard. Sarah Harry. M. J
Hamilton, C. J. Howard. J. ' M. Holsten, K.
Hlrd, M. A. Hicks' M. Hughes. Hunter, Alice
Hyde, Mary Holhrook, Emily Hoppln, S. A.
Huston. G. F. Hyde, Inmnn, Fannie' Johnson,
E. E. • JelTerwon. J. D. Jamison, JenkB, Mis*
Isold. Kennedy. Mesdames S. Klncey. E. Kim
ball, A. Klrkpatrlek. G. M. Kimball, Koch,
Mary Kerllnger, Kinsley, I*- P. -King," Flora E.
K*mp, Kenmore. Miss Magpie Lytle. Mesdames
Lai key. M. E. Lawn. S, L. Lock. H. E. Mc
-Math, ¦ A. I*.-. V. McGee. Miss Helen McLean.
Meedames S. A. McClees.- L. . R. Mil
ler, Mattie Martin, M- I. Mallory. E.
B. Mitchell. . Echo' Merger. Miss Murry,
Mesdames M..J. Mallory. I. Mathews, Mallett,
Puddy. Masson, C. R. Naramore. G. E. Nel
son. C. Nichols, A. W. Norton. M. M; Stuart,
Owen. E. Parkington. E. ' S." .Paine. E. 8. Prln
gle, M.' Poor, Catherine Fetrus, L. E. Paschal,
Patterson, L. Page. E. S. Potter. Jennie Pur
vis. Delia Pride, .Pelton. M. D. Reasons, J. H.
Rhodes. Dr. Roe, B. Roberta, N. A. Rowell, A.
Ropers. Shelley^ Dr. Snell, N. T.. Sanders, A.
C. Stalker. B. W. Swetzer. J. "W. Sheehan. D.
J.' Hpencer. M. J.' Shattuck. Clara O. Southers
Jane Shaw, Mary Thomas, S. A. Shields, J.
Shattuck, Smith. Nina Sheppa, Sarah Tripp,
Clara Telford, Truax, C. N. Tenney, Martha
Thompson, Louisa Thomson, J. T. Talt, F. L.
Thompson, Taylor. -H. - P. Van Kirk. F. ¦ M
Vaslit, S. M. M. Woodman, E. E. Williams. B
T. Wayland, Hannah WrlKht, L. P. Wlllmm/,
Ella Whitman, Wallace. C. H. • Whitman,. N.
P. White, O. J. ..Ward. Genevieve Wright, C.
8. Wood, Emma Warner, Nellie Young. •
Freshmen and Palo Alto High School
Put Up Fasc Football.
STANFORD UNIVERSITY. Oct. 23.—
In a game replete with; sensational plays
the team from the Paio Alto High School
tied /the university freshmen this after
noon. Throughout .every moment the ball
was in play the me misers' of ti.e opposing
teams strove their utmost to turn tha
scale of victory. The first half resulted
In no score", though the freshmen were
forced back to their 15-yard, line by the
fierce bucking of Tarpey.' '
In the second half both teams scored —
the High School when Wylie broke
through the cardinal line and crossed the
goal after a beautifuj ; 35-yard run, and
the freshmen after they had been given
the ball on the offside play of their oppo
nents. According to the rules the ball does
not change sides. 'the only penalty belny
one of yards. • The freshmen claim they
gained the oval in a fumble, x^oth teama
kicked goals, the final score standing
"Young Corbett" Wins.
DENVER; Oct. 23.— Before the Olympic
Athletic Club to-night "Young Corbett"
of Denver defeated Jimmy RileyJ of Cali
fornia In the third round. Riley had a
shade the betterof it in.the first, but in
the second "Young Corbett" went after
him, and put him down four times with
right and left swings to the body and
head.-. Riley .was game and fought back,
putting VYoung Corbetf,' entirely through
the ropes just before the. bell. • Riley came
up very weak ; in the third i and after be
ing knocked. down twice was counted out
by the referee.'" The fight was for the 125
pound championship, of the West.
TIE GAME AT STANFORD.
Special Cablo to The Call and New York Her
ald. Copyright. 1900, by the Herald Pub
lishing Company.
LONDON. Oct. 23.— The usual guess sto
ries told with an. air of .authority about
the new challenger for the America's cup
have started: One published in yesterday's
papers was to the effect that Shamrock
II will be built of steel, and that bronze
'and aluminum, of which It will be remem
bered, the first Shamrock was made, will
enter but little into her composition. Such
stories should be received only for' what
they are worth— as fables, mere J guesses.
Absolute secrecy will be maintained as to
the construction of j the second boat, as
was the case with the first. Of what ma
terial she will be built will not be made
known for some f months to come. Sir
Thomas Lipton was asked to-day what
he had to say about the New York Yacht
Club's adherence to the five and a half
hour limit for races, when it had been re
ported that he had asked for a revision
to six hours.
"Oh," said Sir Thomas, "nobody must
run away with the Idea that I asked any
such thing. 1 merely put It forward as a
suggestion: nothing more than that. 1
to-day cabled Mr. Oddie, telling him In
these words: 'Many thanks. Cable con
tents most satisfactory. My previous ca
ble as n-gards duration was merely sug
gestion." ¦ '. ¦ " ¦ •"• •
"This." said Sir Thomas, "finishes the
preliminaries of' the races, which, I re
peat, are eminently satisfactory. As to
the future, I can't say much. First, now,
when the now boat is ready, she will be
tested against the old Shamrock, which
will be rigged arid sailed under exactly
the. same conditions as she was in Amer
ica'last year, so as to give a correct Idea
of how much the new boat is superior to
her."
Absolute Secrecy to Be Maintained,
as to Her Construction—Pre
liminaries. Are Now Finished. ,...,..
RUMORS REGARDING -.
. THE , NEW SHAMROCK
•--if .- ix „• ... ¦-¦•>'.*.?:¦,;.:
Mrs. Siurtevant-Peet's Address a Feature of the State Woman's
Christian Temperance Union's Opening Session.
SAX JOSE. Oct. 23.— There wa% a large
Influx of white-ribbenen? to-day and
when the twenty-first annual convention
cf the Woman's Christian Temperance
Union opened its session this morning tne.
Unitarian church was crowded. The gath
ering is a notable one, as many of the
most prominent women in the State are
present. There are between 30) and 400
delegates and an audience equally lar&>»
attended. This evena.ff the place was
crowded, the presidents address and the
debate on "Resolved, that the safety
and permanence of the republic demand
a radical change in the National Govern
ment" being the features.
San Jose Union Is looking after the wel
fare of the visitors and most of then:
ere being entertained In private homes.
Uuring the week many little entertain
ments will take place aside from the con
vention festivities and the visiting ladies
s.re promised a pleasant time.
The convention was called to order this
rooming by Mrs. Sturtevant-Peet. the
State president, who made a congratula
xory speech. All of the State orncers were
present. Mrs. A. M. Glass led devotion
al exercises.
After the usual committees were ap
pointed the reports of the various officers
wore taken up. The recording secretary,
Mrs. Annie Little-Barry, reviewed the
¦work of the order throughout the State.
Her report showed a gain of strength and
growth of the union within the last year.
Mrs. Blanche English, the auditor, re
ported the books end accounts correct in
tvery particular.
The treasurer, Mrs. Emily Hoppln. re
ported having received and expended
3^450 in State work during the year. The
cum of 5322 49 was received from dues,
$1*26 from donations and the rest from
miscellaneous sources. ' ¦ ¦
Mrs. Dorcas J. Spencer of San Francis
co, the corresponding secretary, gave a
l^nsthy report. The State union was com
jiosed of 142 unions wit'.i a membership of
£700. Thiny-throo new unions had been
organized during the year. Some unions
had lapsed, but results showed a net gain
of ten unions with an increased member
ship of more than 100. In local work
J2S60 90 had been expended, in county
work $477 90. In special work $235 62. In
headquarters in San Francisco work
J610 3a. There are twenty-three county or
ganizations, ei&ht bi-county r.~_d one trl
county. Besides, work is carried on In
tight counties that are not organized.
Keports of departmental work were
made a? follows: Evanpelistic, Mrs. J. L.
Kverts: Sabbath observance. Mrs. Chris
tine Armstrong: legislation and petition*.
Mrs. Mary V. Begge; Juvenile, Mrs. Alice
Hyde; oriental work, Mrs. Laura P. V. r ll
liams: mothers" meetings. Mrs. Ada Jami
son; drawing-room work. Mrs. F. 8.
Vaslit; narcotics. Miss I. C. de Veiling.
Solano County Union was awarded the
flag for the largest Increase In member
f hip during the year. The honor in social
work was carried off by the Trl-County
Vnlon of Monterey, San Benito and Santa
Crui. This work had increased from
fifty-Bix meetings last year to 199 this
year.
The morning session closed with praise
s-r-rvirp by Mr*. J. L. Everts. Mrs. A. B.
Gove lead the devotional exercisvs at the
Special Dispatch to the Call.
opening of the afternoon session. The
programme Included the following -sub
jects: "How One Superintendent Lsesthe
Annual Report," Mrs. Ida Jamison;
"Practical Suggestions." Mrs. D. J. Sper
cer: "The Armor of LJgrht." Mrs. A. E.
Clark: "Glimpses of Ecumenical Mission
ary Conference," Aurs. Sarah A. McClees;
"Sir Galahads of the Twentieth Century,"
Mrs. Margaret B. Pelton. Mrs. Charlton
Edholm delivered an address on "Rescue
\\ ork."
The evening session drew an Immense
crowd. Mrs. Mary Case Lord led the de
votional exercises. The song. "White
Ribbon Star Spangled Banner," was ren
dered by Mrs. Renowden Bailey.
Mrs. Sturtevant-Peet. the State Presi
dent, read her annual address. The docu
ment was a lengthy one. Mrs. Peet said
In part:
Nothing in our lives verifies the sincerity and
cmuinenecs of our profession more than what
we do and leave undone. By our acts we are
known and measured. The light and life of
oar influence reaches far or near in propor
tion to the truth and Intensity with which we
dipnlfy and impress our principles.
In the convening of this convention, in the
planning of Kb members for carrying forward
the special work of the Woman's Christian
Temperance Union, we republlsh and re
emphaalze our convictions and give expression
to a faith and aspiration which alone enables
the weak f»> prevail against the mighty. We
are an organisation maintaining Itself for the
good it may accomplish. No reward is ours.
no cherished hope is ours beyond the blessings
imposed by the laws of love, developing and
improving human society. With one heart,
one thought, vitalized with the : truth and the
?plrlt of love, may we not hope for transform
ing the world into the likeness, of Neal Dow,
feonriety and Christlllce nobility.
With head and heart we oppose the attitude
of a nation dominated by the spirit of com
mercial greed and condemn a Government
financially in league with fraud and willing to
go down Into the poisonous, murderous pits of
the whisky still for revenue.a Government deaf
to the prayers and pleadings of mothers for the
protection of their sons from a forced contact
with the army canteen.
Early in the year the French Minister of
War iFFued an order that henceforth no V»randy
or spirit? be sold anywhere within the French
army. Everywhere within the civilized world
this subject Is receiving the special attention
It deserves. .Only those dictated by the powers
of commercial greed, by saloon politics, pre
sume to publish opinions clashing with the
universally accepted truth that alcohol is
poisonous and dangerous to the well-being of
scldler and civilian.
As the trade follows the flag:, so the Woman's
Christian Temperance Union follows th« trade,
until to-day it may be safely paid the world
o'er, wherever there Is a saloon there Is place<J
the Oatllng eun— the Woman's Christian Tem
perance Union. We are already in evidence in
Cuba, Porto Rico, the Philippines a.nd in
Alaeka,
The rani) standing high to-day In official po
ritlon, defying the laws of Congress In the tn
tereste of brewer and distiller must of neces
elty for it is the decree of heaven, soon stand
side' by Bid* with the Presidents and Senators
of clxty years ago. who. were heard to ..cay
that the JefTersonian doctrine that all men are
created equal-, was an idealistic fiction, the
dream of .moral enthusiasts. Then as now in
the temperance cause there were those brave
enough to defend the sacred rights of freedom.
Abolitionists then raised the banner of Im
mediate and unconditional. emancipation. They
h»d their Garrison and Lovejoy. editors: Wen
dell Phillips and Lucy Stone, orators, and John
O. Whlttier. poet. The Prohibitionists have to
day raised the same banner of unconditional
emancipation, the surrender of every slave from
King Alcohol.
ATTACKS THE ARMY CANTEEN AND
CRITICIZES CALIFORNIA'S GOVERNOR
objection. It is a custom in the Interior
towns of the Estate to organize volunteer
hose teams for fire service. In these
events all the participants have been in
regular amateur standing; in fact the
matter has never been given any serious
attention before, inasmuch as every one
conceded the sport to be legitimate. 1 no
members of such teams did not: even re
ceive their traveling expenses when
neighboring i "towns . were visited. The
prizes won went to the fire department,
and not to the players individually.
Coach Yost when told of the protest said
that he did not believe it would bar De
Witt, and thafeven if it did It would not
materially weaken the "baby" team, as
there were other backs quite the equal. of
De Witt.
M. E. DE WITT, STANFORD'S
FOOTBALL PLAYER WHOM
BERKELEY HAS PROTESTED.
WILKESBARRE, Pa.. Oct. 23.— At 4
p. m. the Lehlgh and Wilkesbarre Coal
Company posted the following notice:
"Referring to the notice posted on Oc
tober 1. in addition to the reduction to
$1 50 per keg. for powder. 2% per cent will
be 'added: to the price, of car to make the
advance of '10 per cent as proposed."
'¦ 'At 6 o'clock men started on their rounds
to post the same notice at the collieries of
the Delaware 1 and Hudson • Company. It
L> • believed , that the . Lehlgh Valley Com-
The meeting was attended by General
Superintendent C. C. Rose of the Dela
ware and Hudson Company; General Su
perintendent E. E. Loomis of the Dela
ware, Lackawanna and Western Com
pany. General Manager Way of the Hill
side Coal and Iron Company, General Su
perintendent Richards of the Lehlgh and
Wllkesbarre Coal Company and President
T. H. Wilkins of the Temple Iron Com
pany. " These companies still refuse to
make any specific guarantee as to how
long the 10 per cent offer is to run. and
from conversations had with a number of
them It can be said with every assurance
that they will not make any speclflq guar
antee. Superintendent Loomis of the
Lackawanna said:
1 '*JVe don't feel called upon to make affi
daTit. for our offer was given .In gooJ
faith."
"In order to avoid the complications
that would result from figuring the
amounts due each miner on the notices
that have been posted, " the companies
have concluded, after a careful compila
tion of statistics for the past year, to
adopt a general average and 6ell to their
miners powder at $1 60 per keg and add
the balance, 2\a per cent, to the price of
the car or ton.' *
SCRANTON, Pa., Oct. 23.— A meeting of
superintendents representing most of the
large companies of the Lackawanna-Wyo
mlng Valley region was held here to-day
In the offices of the Temple Iron Com
pany and an agreement was made to post
the following notice:
Advance Will Continue.
Do Not State, However, How Long
OPERATORS POST NOTICES.
Rain ¦ fell heavily during the morning,
but the large crowd, estimated at nearly
6000 persons, did not seem to mind the
downpour. John Fahey, president of the
district, presided. President Mitchell's
speech was listened to with great interest.
His most Important utterance bearing dl-,
rectly on the ending of the strike was as
follows:
"I believe It will bo but a few days
longer until the operators in the Hazle
ton, Lackawanna and Wyoming valleys
will consent to post notices agreeing to
pay the 10 per cent Increase In wages un
til April L I believe that If you stand
together the rest of this week by Monday
at least you can return to work with
everything won you struck for."
President Mitchell then made a plea
that all remain loyal to the organization
after the contest Is over Just as they are
doing now. ;
President Mitchell was asked on his ar
rival from Pottsville to-night on what he
based his belief that the strike would
end this week,- but he declined to say any
thing other than that the proposition of
the miners was so fair that he could see
no valid reason why the operators should
not accept. President Mitchell declined
to say what course would be pursued if.
one or more companies refused to guar
antee the payment of the increase until
April. '
A meeting of the national executive
board of the United Mine-workers of.
America and the officers of the three an
thracite districts will be held here to
raorrow for the purpose, Mr. Mitchell
pays, of thoroughly canvassing the situa
tion. He would not say whether the con
ference would take any positive action
looking • toward the • calling off of tha
strike. If any action will be taken, he
said, It would depend entirely upon what
the canvass would show. In answer to
another question the iabor leader said ht)
would not take the responsibility upon
himself of calling off the strike, but would
rather have the national board vote upon
the question. : ¦ ¦- Vl-
POTTSVILLB, Pa.. Oct. '23.— President
Mitchell in his" speech this afternoon said
he believed that in a few days all the op
erators will have posted notices guaran
teeing the 10 per cent. He also said that
he believed that by Monday at the latest
all of the men will have returned to work
and will have won everything they struck
for.
HAZLETON. Pa., Oct. 23.— President
Mitchell's statement In his speech at
Pottsville to-day that he believed the
strike would be ended by next Monday if
all the operators posted notices guaran
teeing the 10 per cent advance until April
1 was received here to-night with much
pleasure by • the mine- workers ajid the
mine officials. It is believed that noth
ing will now intervene to delay the ending
of the contest which has run more than
five weeks. . /
0p timistic ; Utterances of
President Mitchell in His
Pottsville Speech.
SAYS STRIKE
WILL END IN
A FEW DAYS
Hobbs could have been elected to any
office in the gift of the citizens at that
period, but he decided to return home.
He will reach this city In the early part
of next month and "Pete" Smith, coach
and manager of the Reliance team, ex
pects to secure ,hls services as center on
the Reliance football team. Pete also has
a promise from Code that he will play
quarterback and has nearly gained the
consent of Bert Oliver, the Oakland giant,
to play guard.
Hobbs' blood became heated and he tola
the committee to go to a place where
they could thaw out. The committee re
fused to thaw, however, and the battle
was on. After a ¦week of waiting by both
sides. Hobbs took the bull by the horns.
He was tired of the northern region and
decided that "Frisco" was the only spot
on earth for him. As he could not dis
pose of his beer by sale, he decided to
give it away, knowing well that he would
work havoc with the sales of his rivals.
i-e invited the whole camp or that por
tion of the camp that was thirsty to be
his guests and for one week they literally
swam in beer. The saloon-keepers closed
their places of business during the flow
of the foaming liquid and gazed In dis
gust at the long line of thirsty miners
pouring into the brewery.
for his beer. He thought that $20 a keg
was enough and made a motion to that
effect. A trust was immediately formed
and a committee went to Hobbs to ask
him to lower his price on boer.
To avoid this and to make more money
•was a problem that had be solved at any
cost. One dispenser of strong waters sug
gested that Hobbs was charging too much
According: to Code "Billy" Hobbs start
ed a brow^ry in Nome six months agn>
and during the first five months reaped
a harvest selling its product to the saloon
keepers for fSO a keg. So elated was Hobbs
v-lth h'.s success that he ordered a large
Fupply of the foaming liquid from this
city. TJie salonn-kpepers thought they
were not making enough profit in dis
pensing beer at 13 a glass and held a meet
ing to devise ways and means by which
they could further enrich themselves. It
developed that the thirsty miners would
not pay more than one hundred cents for
a braker and if the saloon men raised the
price on them they would relieve the
parched feeling in their throat by some
other method.
FDAMTN'G beakers of beer were
poured down the parched throats
nf fortune hunters !n the Nome re
gions for an entire week and not
a cent did the thirsty mortals pay
for thpir refreshment. Such is tty> start
lfnr information that has reached this city
tmm the far northern region. Tommy
Code, ex-quarterback on Stanford's vic
torious football uam of "!*. who is return
ing from Nome, is responsible for the
emry. In which "Touchdown" Hobhs, the
plant center of the Olympic football team
of "f8, is the principal.
, STANFORD --UNIVERSITY. • Oct. 23.—
.The protest filed! against .*M.' E. de' Witt,
.the..; Stanford football^ player, by. tho
Berkeley management reached here, to
day. It,is. considered improbable- that the
promising athlete will \ be, barred, hbw
ever, as it is questionable whether the
protest! was "entered within the required
time; ¦ According to the athletic agreement
all objections to players must' be made
within one-week after the list of eligible
players has been filed.- The. protest .was
not received here within that time, hence
It may prove Ineffectual. ' ., \,
Speaking of the matter. De'VWltt said
that he was much surprised to.hear of the
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Hobbs, of Football Fame, Invites Miners to Con
sume the Product pf His Brewery.
r WASHINGTON, Oct.: 23.— The following
additional; substations of the i San. Fran
cisco postofflce will be established Novem
ber 1: : No. 2S, Union and Hyde streets; 29
639 ; McAllister street;*30. southeast corner
Howard and Tenth streets. - :
Additional Sub-Stations.
. Six ', f urlongrs, three-year-olds and upward
ruree ; $2-W— Heraldo. even (Stuart), 104 won-
Bearoe. 3 to 1 (Ruil). 122, second: Miss Vera'
8 to 5 (See), 104. third. Time, 1:15. ¦ The Devil
and William O'B also ran.
; Five furlongs, three-year-olds and upward
purse $200— The Miller, 6 to 1 (Fauntleroy) *119 V
v.-o=; Jennie :Glbb.-2>4 to 1 (J. : Narvaez)..-119'
second; Gracias, 3 to 1 (Ruiz), 119, third. Time
l:01H- : Himera, For Freedom, Castellar, Atlaa
and Devereaux also ran.- . ¦
Mile and a sixteenth, three-year-olds and up
ward, purse $250 — Expedient, 2 to 1 (Collls)
101. won: Crutch, 4 to 1 (Stuart), 104. second-
Stromo. 2 to 5 (Fauntleroy), 112, third. Time'
1:47%. Carejo.-Centralla and Rey.de San. Juan
also ran. ;
2:11 trot, $1000— Our Lucky (Maben), walkover.
Five and a half furlongs, threo-year-olds and
upward, purse $250 — Sally Goodwin. 4 to 5
(Russell). 10«. won; Gusto. 8 'to. 5 (Ruiz) 110
second: Cowboy. 5 to 1 (Qultterej), 100, third'
Time, 1:08^4., Romany disqualified. Rio Colo
rado. Bertha and Wilmeter also ran.
Time— 2:15t4. 2:15H.
2:13 trot, purse $600:
Dora Doe (Nelson) 1. 1
Ned Thome (Helman) .". J 2
Charlie Mo (Durfee) "... 3 »
Our Lucky (Mabcn) '..... 4 4
Arrow tSmith) ¦..'.. .'..V....-.......V ....5 S
Time— 2:13, 2:13»4.
There were five entries In the 2:11 pace,
which was won by John A In' straight
heats. Cleon and Cloe were distanced in
the second heat and third money was di
vided between Myrtha Whips and
Edna R.
Dora. Doe won the 2:13 trot in. straight
heats, with Ned Thorne second. The 2:11
trot was a walkover for Our Lucky, the
only entry. '- „¦ , •
The five and a half furlongs was won
by Sallle Goodwin, the favorite. Romany
came In second, but, having fouled Gusto
In the stretch, was disqualified, second
place going to Gusto. :• ,
Expedient, second choice at 2 to 1. In the
mile and a sixteenth, won by a neck from
Crutch, which beat Stromo, the favorite
at 2 to 5, by a length. and a half.
Jennie Glbb, favorit« at 5 to 2 in the
five-eighths mile, was beaten a length by
The Miller; a 6 to- 1 choice., The three
quarters mile went to Heraldo. Sum
mary: '
2:11 pace, purse $600:
John A (Nelson) 1 l
Myrtha Whips (Helman) 3 3
Edna R (Treanor) , 3 2
Cloe (Clark) ... 4 dls
Cleon. (Dur fee and "Weber) 5 <ji s
LOS ANGELES, Oct. 23.— There was no
special feature at Agricultural Park to
day. The weather was perfect, but it
failed to 'draw a crowd and but little en
thusiasm was shown during the races.
Our Lucky Falls Heir to a Walk-Over
in the 2:11 Trot.
WINNERS AT LOS ANGELES,
The Lime Kiln stakes was captured by
Lord William Beresford's Jolly Tar, rid
den by J. Reiff.
Maher also rode the winner of the Scar
borough stakes— Sir J. Miller's Marconi.
Richard Croker's The Scotchman II,
with L. Relff up. finished in second placa
and Old Buck II, Lord William Beres
ford's colt, ridden by J. Reiff. ran third.
LONDON, Oct. 23.— The American Jock
eys opened the day. at the Newmarket
Houghton meeting to-day In lively fash
ion, being placed five times in the first
two races, the winner in each event being
piloted by an American rider.
The trial plate of 200 sovereigns was won
by H. Hardy's Blddo, ridden by Maher.
The Prince of Wales' David II was sec
ond and Sir J. D. Lundell Maple's Joe
UHman,. with Sloan In the saddle, finished
third.
market Meet.
Pilot a Bunch of Winners at the New-
AMERICAN JOCKEYS LEAD.
ST. LOUIS, Oct. 23.— Domsle and "Win
Fay were the only winning favorites at
Kinloch Park this afternoon, three second
choices and an outsider earning brackets
In the other events. Starter Colonel Jack
Chinn will leave Friday night for Cincin
nati to do the starting at Latonla. • His
son Christopher (Kit), will replace him at
Kinloch Park. Track slow. Summary:
¦Seven 'furlongs— Tennyson won, .Profit second.
Hi Nocker third. Time. j:32. . :
Selling, five furlongs — Censor won, Reina del
Celia second, William Boyer third. Time 1:<M.
Selling, six furlongs— Poyntz won, Curd QU
lock. second. Seething third. Time, 1:17.
Seven furlongs, selling— Lee King won. Grey
less second. Morris Volmer third. Time, 1:33.
Selling, one mile — Will Fay won, Percy R.
second, Barrica third. Time. 1:45.
One mile and a j sixteenth, selling— Domsla
won. Miss Patron second. Innuendo third. Time,
2:06.
Annoy, challenged gamoly,.but when Mc-
Cue let St." Slmonian down he drew away
and won easily by a length- and a half.
Annoy took the place, half a length before
MacLeod of Dare, the favorite stopping
at nothing.- : ,
• An .unfortunate accident .happened in
the second race. "While at the pc?t the
Chamberlain kicked St. Cloud and In the
first few 'yards of the race his leg broke,
the animal running fifty yards on three
legs before he could be pulled up. He
limped , oft -.-Uhe. track to the paddock,
"where a 'b'uUet.put him out h!s misery. It
was a severe loss to his owner, James R.
Keene; Mfss Hanover won the race by a
head from' Buffoon, after racing 1 together
all the way. Musette won the first race,
ridden out from Hirntine and Unmasked
In fast time. She made all the running.
Only one favorite was successful, Cresson.
in the fifth race. Summary:
About six furlongs— Musette won. Hlmtime
second. Unmasked third. Time. 1:08%.
One mile and a sixteenth, selling— Miss Han
over won, Buffoon second, Flaxsplnner tnlru.
Time. 1:41V». H , ,
Five and a half furlongs— Queen Carnival
won, Katherina second, Marothen third. Time,
1-07.
Mile and an eighth— St. Slmonian won. Annoy
second McLeod of Dare third. Time. 1:52 2-o.
Five and a half furlongs— Cresson won. Cor
nelian second, Mark Lane third. Time. 1:07%.
One mile and seventy yards— Watercress won,
Asquith second. Hammer third. Time, l:«y*.
CINCINNATI, Oct. 23.— Results at New
port:
Five and a half furlongs— Prima won. Expan
sion second, Longflo third. Time, l:09v*.
One mile and a quarter— Flag of Truce won.
Colonel Bert second. Baffled third. Time.
2:09".. ¦ '
Six furlongs. Belling— Fair Deceiver won, For
bush second, Blenheim third. Time. 1:1%
One mile and fifty yards— Branch won, Donna
Stay second. Bohul third. Time. 1:44.
Six furlongs— Likeness won. King Raine sec
ond, lmo. Albula third. Time. l:l«%j
Six furlongs— Princess Thyra won. Nancy Till
second, Brulare third. Time, 1:13%.
CHICAGO, Oct. 23.— Results at Harlem:
Five furlongs— Tuskaroea won, Kohnwreath
second. Rsbunta third. Time. 1:06.
Seven furlongs— Banish won. Pirate J sec
ond. Expelled third. Time. 1:32. f v
One mile, selling— Robert Waddell won, Al
Brown second. Well third. Time. 1:4414.
One mile and 100 yards— The Unknown won,
Louisville second. Molo thtrd. Time, 1:50 1-5.
Six furlongs— Kenllworth won, Tyr second,
Rto de Altar third. Time, 1:15 4-6. t
One mile ' and an eighth, Belling— Hold Up
won Obsidian second, Phidias third. Time,
l;5fl 4-5.
NEW YORK/ Oct. ?3.— A card of
•overnight events, was ".decided to-day
at- the Empire City racetrack, but
some " fair sport was . enjoyed by
a- good-sized crowd.. The track was
again lightning fast,, as shown In the
ihandicaj at one ..mile and a furlong, which
St. Slmdnian won. easily In \1:52 1-5, but a
fraction of a sedond riiore than the world's
record of 1:52 for the distance. .King Bar
leycorn was the. favorite for this race and
made the running for seven furlongs, but
as-usual, quit when the finish came and
St. Simonian moved 'to. the front :and
showed, the way into the stretch.'.
Xeene's St. Cloud Breaks aLeg in the
•' '-Second Race and It* Is Found •
Necessary to Destroy
V ; ¦ / I- - Him. ' .
Almost Equals the World's
Record in the Handicap
/ at Empire City Track.
ST. SIMONIAN
A SPEEDY HORSE
BEER FLOWS LIKE WATER
WITHOUT PRICE AT NOME
Stanford.. 'Player Declares He . Has
Never Left" the" Ranks 'of '.
• Amateurs in the
;•:•, , . .': "Past. :¦. . - .-. , 1
California's Protest Said to
Have Been Filed *
Too Late.
DE WITT MAY
NOT BE BARRED
THE SAN FRANCISCO CAI/L, WEDNESDAY, OCTOBER 24, , 1900.
END OF THE POOR
MAN IN THE BOX
Professor Hinton's Baseball Gun
Will Settle Him. .
4
ADVERTIS-P r M"P'l^TS.
WHAT PEOPLE SAY.
Is Not What Hakes a Remedy
Valuable.
Testimonials are good things and we
are always glad to get them, but they
don't make our remedy any better.
Stuart's Dyspepsia Tablets are good be-
cause they do good — because they cure.
Testimonials simply prove that the Tab-
lets have helped other people, but It's
yourself you are most interested In. and
whether they will cure you is the Ques-
tion.
It is very easy to find out— try them.
A full package costs but fifty cents at
your druggist's. They are worth that If
they only help you a little bit. The chance
Is worth taking at the price.
We put it on that basis because you
don't know about the tablets. If you
knew as much about them as we do you
would have complete confidence: this ad-
vertisement would be unnecessary. We
have seen them cure the worst cases of
stomach trouble. Cases of long standing
and obstinacy, cases that other medicines
and even high priced doctors had failed
to subdue.
Here are some testimonials. If yon
; care to read them we have thousands of
tlrem:
Rev. J. R. Hoag of Wymore. Nebraska,
writes: For six years I have been
troubled with dyspepsia. Last fall I be-
came very much alarmed at some symp-
toms of heart trouble and came to be-
lieve there was a sympathetic relation
between the two diseases, or rather, that
the stomach trouble was the cause of the
heart disturbance. I hit upon Stuart's
Dyspepsia Tablets for a remedy and In-
vested a dollar and a half for three boxes,
which lasted me three months, and I can
eat any kind of food I want and have
a good vigorous appetite. Although I am
77 years old, I now feel perfectly well,
and without being requested by any one
I make this statement as a compliment to
the virtues of Stuart's Dyspepsia Tablets.
• Mrs Lydia Bartram of Assyria. Mich.,
writes- I have suffered from stomach
trouble for ten years and five different
doctors gave me only temporary relief.
A Mr E R- Pas^ advised me to try
Stuart's Dyspepsia Tablets, and four
boxes did me more permanent benefit than
all the doctor's medicines that I have
We honestly believe that Stuart's Dys-
nerala Tablets are the best medicine ever
made for the cure of stomach troubles.
Don't mistake our meaning. We don't
claim them to cure anything but dyspep-
sia and stomachic disorders. Just the one
thine is what they are made for. but
tW on* thine 13 the cause— the ttartlng
p jnt of nearly all the sickness hi tho
* IJse" Stuart's Tablets regularly. Keep
your stomach right and you can never be
sick. ; m ,
Avisrr OR- JORDAN'S orcatI
tMUSEUH OF ANATOMY?
i O K51K43SISSS.ttt.ftl*fth.S./.tW.i
T nr The Lwsest Anatomic*! Museum in the \
a jj_Jrn._ Woitd. W«fcka«*a» ci any contracted A
•/ £>2 J5J3 <*'»"« pc»itl»el y cured hy the oldstt *
A J'£$?i Oft. vQRfcUWSlYATc OlSEAStS $
\ 9^5"3^3>H Gorwuttatton frw and strictly prhr»^ \
4 g X*«t n ' r ™ l!ln ">* prraonally or by letter. A M
\ B W Tl H ***-•"• CWr»u» rterycuo undertakes. W
AF» 6 Write for Book. PHIIOSOrBM «r A
7 I li jl xiiiuatt, mailed fan. uf
a 0 «lu»ble book for tarn) • \
7 DJt. WBDAS A CO.. 1051 Market St.. a f. ¥TO SAIL.
NOTE — The high and low waters occur at the
city front (Mission-street wharf) about twenty
five minutes later than at Fort Point; the.
height of tide is the same at both places.
United States Coast and . Geodetic Surrey
Times and Heights of High and Low
Waters at Fort Point, entrance to • San
Francisco Bay. Published by official au
thority of . the Superintendent. " »•
Sun, ¦ Moon and Tide.
WEDNESDAY. OCTOBER 24.
Samuel M. Shortridse will leave this
morning for Grass Valley, where fie will
speak at a great Republican rally to
night. He will speak to-morrow night at
Truckce: at Woodland Friday night, and
at San Rafael Saturday night. Next Mon
day night he will speak at San Jose. Tues
day nig-ht at Marysvllle and Wednesday
night at Merced. The latter part of next
week he wjll spend in addressing district
meetings In San Francisco, and the Mon
day night before election he - will speak
at Crockett. :
Another Tour for Shortridge.
POLICEMAN BCEFTEKNAN
HAD THAT "TTBED FEELDTG7
Charge of Being Intoxicated Wnile
on Duty Hade Ag-ainst tHt^ by
Captain Spillane.
Policeman 0. E. Heffernan will have an
opportunity of explaining to the Police
Commissioners at their next meeting why
he reported for drill last Saturday after
noon in an Intoxicated' condition. The
charge has been preferred against him by
Captain Spillane. . ; ¦ ¦ . ,
"Heffernan was "on morning duty Satur
day and reported off at noon. ,He was to
report on again at 5 o'clock In the after
noon for drill.. He made his appearance,
but there was something in his condition
that drew Captain Spillane's attention at
once to him. The captain called him into
his private office, and he wasnot long In
discovering that Heffernan- was suffering
from that "tired, feeling."; The captain
sent him home and he was spared the In
fliction of having his condition comment
ed, upon by his brother, officers.
' Heffernan will, appear before Judge
Fritz to-day to explain why he committed
the. blunder of certifying to the return of
a ; venire for. jurors in the cases of five
Chinese charged with illegal fishing when
half of. the number .were summoned by
PolicemanM. J. Jemenez. It is said that
the reflections on his conduct made by
the court ¦ and . the attorney - for the de
fense last Friday In this matter made him
seek relief In liquor. •
J Charles S. : Fitch, a miner residing: at
Salmon River/ Sisklyou ' County,' filed a
petition in * insolvency- yesterday In the
united States " District Court. ; He owes
$16,817 10 and* he has no assets, "v--- •"- —
An Insolvent Miner.
NOTE— In the above exposition of the tides
the early morning tides are given inVthe left
hand column and the successive tides of the
day In the. order of occurrence as to time of
dar. the third time column the third tide and
the last or right hand column gives the last
tide of the day, except when there are but
three .tides, as sometimes occurs. .The heights
ftven are. In addition to the sounding on the
United States Coast Survey charts, except
when a minus sign (— ) precedes the height, and
then the number given is subtracted from the
depth given by the charts. The plane of refer
ence Is the mean of the lower low waters.
Time Ball.
Branch Hydrographic Office, U. . S. N., Mer
chants' Exchange, San • Francisco, Cal.,
October 73. 1900.
Th« time ball on the 'tower of the. new Ferry
bulldlnic was dropped at exactly noon to-day—
i." «.. at noon of th» 120th ¦- meridian. ' or at t
o'clock p. m.. Greenwich time. . --«.-...
• . C. G. CALKINS.
Lieutenant Commander, U. S. N., in charge. ~
Shipment of Grain.
The American ship Roanoke cleared yester
day for Liverpool with 9<J,660 ctls wheat, val
ued at 1101,780: 13.870 ctls barley, valued at
J11.S40. and 46.000 feet lumber dunnage, valued
at $700. Total value. $114,420.
¦ ? . . '
Merchandise for Victoria.
The steamer Umatllla sailed yesterday for
Victoria with a general cargo, valued at 111,
351. of which {9331 was manifested for Victoria
and S2KQ for the Eastern States. The follow
ing were the principal shipments:
For Victoria— 1$ cs arms and ammunition. 162
lbs bread, 80S lbs beans, 9t cs canned goods.
371 lbs 1 cs cheese, 60 bdls cordage, 2 cs dry
good*, S5.82S lbs dried fruit, 640 bxs fruit. 3 cs
graphophone goods. S3 pkgs groceries and pro
visions, €2 cs hardware, & cs hat*. S cs house
hold goods. 11 bdle Iron. 78 bxs lemons, 35,670
lbs malt, 15 cs marble. 11 cs metal polish. 1015
lbs nuts, S kegs nails. 57 bxs oranges, 1 keg
10 cs olives, 15 bbls 2 cs oil. 78 crs potatoes. 265
bxs raisins, VIS lbs starch, 37 bars steel. 418 lbs
sago. 300 lbs tapioca, 32 crs terra cotta mate
rial. 5 bbls tar. 17 era vegetables, 1155 gals
¦wine.
For Lowell," Mass.— 310 cs fruit. 100 cs salmon. *
For Cincinnati— J4 bbls pickled cherries. ¦
Notice to Mariners.
Office V. S. ' Lighthouse Inspector.
Twelfth District.
SAN FRANCISCO, Oct. 23. MOO.
Notice to Mariners,. 8an Francisco Bay,-Cali
fornia—Notice ls-htr»br given that the flrst
clasa can buoy, red and black horizontal
stripes, on the northwest sld« of the .wreck of
the ship May Flint' In San Francisco harbor,
Duty on Pineapples.
Macondray & Co. filed a petition in the
United , States Circuit Court yesterday > to
review, a decision of the Board^of General
Appraisers, at i New < York. The petitioner
shipped to this country 1000 cases of pine
apples /'preserved In. their own Juice.' r and
dutiable ¦ at . twenty-flve : per cent ~ ad
valorem, i The - Collector of .the Port ' and
the Board of General Appraisers decided
that ithey s were ' pineapples ¦_ preserved
sugar and dutiable at, thirty-five per cent
ad valorem and one cent per pound.
Tb« Albert Meyer loads lumber at. New Wtaat
com for Falavcrry, 61s 3d; the Palatlnln, mer
chandise f rora Taeoma , to China; . the \V. B.
Flint, xnercb&ndiec for Honolulu; the Olna.
whest from Portland to Kurop*. 40s. prior to
arrival; the Port Caledonia, wheat from Port
land for Europe, 28s 9d, prior to arrival.
Hatters of Interest to Mariners and
Shipping Merchants.
NEWS OF THE OCEAN.
The Mystic Shriners are preparing to
give the returning excursionists on the
Zeaiandla a hearty welcome home. The
steamer Is expected to arrive between the
2d and 5th prox.
The tchooner Rio Rey. which left hero
on Thursday last for Bowens Landing,
returned to port yesterday, having car
ried away her starboard fore rigging.
The big- British steamer Condor sailed
yesterday for Callao with lumber and a
general cargo. The Condor came here
from Victoria with 100 tons of nitrate, part
of a cargo from Callao.
"Water Front Notes.
The French ship Bourbaki was towed
from the seawall to Beale street wharf
yesterday to discharge her cargo of coal.
She is leaking badly and her crew Is kepi
busy at the pumps. She will be rushed
to the dry dock as soon as the big gang
of longshoremen at work on her can get
her unloaded.
The Bourbaki Is Leaking.
The remains of John Herkner, a weli
known business man of Stockton, were
brought down on the T. C. Walker yes
terday. A number of friends of the de
ceased came from the slough city to at
tend the" funeral. In the early 60's Herk
ner was steward on the steamer New
World and held that position for a lon,j
time when river travel was at its highest.
Death of a Pioneer ¦ Steward.
Caroline Pritchard. who was dismissed
recently for presuming to get married
without the board's consent. Miss
O'Loughlln is now a teacher In the Hearst
School, of which she was formerly vice
principal. Mark asserts that the chro
nological order 'will be followed in her as
signment.
The board will establish an additional
class in the Buena Vista School, for which
a room will be rented In about one week.
Mrs. Kate ¦ Turney Is the first teacher on
the eligible list, but Mark will not admit
that she will be selected for the place.
Another assignment will be made to the
Pacific Heights School to replace a
teacher who has received six months'
leave of absence.
The Judgment of State Superintendent
Kirk that ex-Vice Principal Knowlton 19
entitled to his salary will be presented to
the board by Superintendent Webster.
Mark says that the board will positively
decline to accept the Judgment or issue
any demand for Knowlton's salary.
In accordance with the opinion of his
attornev, Webster will refuse to sign any
demands on the common school fund for
repairs of schools. Webster holds that no
demands on the fund can be signed by the
Superintendent for work done by the
Board of Public Works, In whose hands
the charter places the work of repairs.
School at Its meeting this morning. Miss
O'Loughlin will take the' place of Mrs.
-The ' Board of Education will appoint
Miss Nellie O'Loughlln to be vice prin
cipal of the Horace Mann Grammar
mand for Back Salary Under
Kirk's Judgment.
Board "Will Not Pass Knowl ton's De-
MISS NELLIE O'LOUOHLIN
1 TO BE VICE-PRINCIPAL
"One-Armed Kid" Lewis. "Frenchy"
Odette, "Hot-Air" Pancke. Harry War
nick and ' Messengers Roach and Royce
were the prime movers in securing medi
cal attendance for Trost.
Trost is one of the many aspiring ama
teur boxers who have come into public
view since the organization of the alleged
athletic clubs that have sprung up In this
city during the last few months like
mushrooms after a rain. He la considered
clever with the padded mitts, and is in
demand by the local clubs. Like scores
of his rivals the only training he gets is
in the gymnasium after working hours.
A paltry prize of $15 Incites him. as It
does many other lads, to enter the ring
and fight a four-round bout for a decis
ion. That these fights result in bruises
and often-tlmes injury to the - untrained
lighters is evidenced by their condition
after going through a mill..
More care should be-taken by the fight
promoters in arranging these . amateur
bouts. Every week one or the other of
these mushroom clubs gives its "monthly
exhibition." and some of those who take
part are unfitted to do battle. If more
care is not taken another fatality will be
added to the list. ,
If "Harry had fallen on the pavement or
got kicked by a mule he would probably
not be at the French Hospital, but he
acquired the broken jaw In the roped
arena, while, on October 13, before the
Golden Gate Athletic Club, engaged In a
four-round pugilistic contest with one
"Bach" Reconl, who has a wild" right
swing. Trost has gone through many
ring encounters without serious damage
to himself, but the spaghetti energy be
hind Reconi's blow was too much for the
jawbone to resist, and now Harry lies,
the wounded hereof many • encounters,
with the humble members of the messen
ger service watching that none of the
wants of the one .who has brought .them
honor shall be overlooked.
Harry Trost, one of the lads employed
by the California Special Service Com
pany, is lying at the French Hospital re
ceiving, treatment for a broken jaw. The
expense of this Is something beyond the
accumulations of an ordinary messenger
boy. but Harry doesn't have to worry.
His fellow '- messengers ar<» footing • the
expense, each one contributing so much
a week. i '.
"When a messenger-boy rises from the
humble ranks of his calling and crawls
to a dizzy height on the ladder of fame
his fellows are willing to demonstrate
that there is nothing too good for him.
Of one who brings glory to the calling
they are proud, and they stand ready
to honor him, no matter what the cost.
Jaw Broken in Prizefight, and Com
panions "Chip in" and Send
Sim to French.
Hospital.- ¦¦-;;¦;-:='¦
Harry Trost Is Cared For
by Admiring Fellow-
Messengers.
HE RECEIVES
ATTENTION DUE
HIS STATION
Youtsey occupied a cell on the third
floor of the Jail.
Jim Howard, who is under death sen
tence, is en the second floor, and a strict
•watch will be kept to prevent them from
communicating with each other.
FRANKFORT. Ky.. Oct. 23.— Henry E.
"Youtsey was placed in Jail here to-day.
b«ir.g brousht over on his cot. Sheriff
Shiztl says that Youtsey talked perfectly
rational on the trip over and seemed to
be in good spirits.
Youtsey walked from the street to the
Jail unassisted. Ycutsey ¦was the last of
the suspects who were confined in the
Georgetown Jail. Caleb Powers, who was
given life imprisonment, having been re
moved to Louisville, Davis. Combs and
¦VVhlttaker, the others whose cases were
venued there, have been released on ball.
Spirits.
Seems to Be in Fairly Good
Talks in a Rational Manner and
HENSY YOUTSEY • IS
TAKEN TO PRISON
- The volunteers who returned on the
Sherman will be discharged. to-day. It Is
expected that fully 200 will receive their
papers.
Arrangements are being completed as
rapidly as possible at the Presidio for the
reception of the volunteers who are ex
pected to start from Manila about No
vember L It Is more than probable that
the regiments first aent to the islands
will be the first sent home. If this plan
Is carried out the men of t.ie Thirty
fourth. Twenty-seventh. Thirtieth. Twen
ty-sixth and Thirty-stcond regiments of
Infantry will be the early arrivals, as
they left here In September, 1899. The next
due will be the trooDtrs of the Thirty
fifth. Twenty-ninth, Twenty-eighth and
Thirty-first Regiments, who left for Ma
nila in October, 1S99.
The largest number of regiments left
in November, 1&S9, and they will be tho
third lot sent home. These are the Thir
ty-ninth, Forty-fifth. Forty-third, Forty
fourth, Thirty-eighth, Fortieth, Forty
second and Forty-sixth regiments. The
Forty-ninth, and Forty-eigntn Infantry
were the only two regiments to sail for
Manila In December. 1S93. and they will
be the last men home. The Forty-first
and Forty-seventh Infantry sailed for the
Philippines from New York and the Thir
ty-fifth fwm Portland, Or. It Is moie
than .likely, however, that on the return
voyage the entire force will be. la'nded in
this city. In all there are about 35.0<y>
men. . .
pines WiU Be the First to
Arrive.
VOIiTJNTEirRS WIIX BE
COMING HOME SOON
Regiments First Sent to the Philip-
The British ship Albyn makes a late re
port of having spoken the Norwegian ship
Superb •with the mate and a prize crew
from the British ship Senator of Liver
pool on board and having supplied them
with provisions. The Superb was pre
viously reported as arrived at her desti
nation.
Short of Provisions.
During "Change" yes t era y Jones & Co.
auctioned the engines of the steamer La
puna. which was wrecked at Tillamook
about six months ago while trying to
cross in over the bar. A. . W. Beadle &
Co.. the owners, bid the engines in at
$2900.
Engines of the Laguna Sold.
Exchange yesterday from ' Victoria
announced the arrival in that port
on the previous day of eight
sealing schooners. The report of* the
fleet is as follows: Penelope 607 skins.
E. B. Marvin 456. Umbrina 712. Zillah May
417. Victoria 547, Enterprise 611, Annie E.
Paint 407, Carrie Saawara 604.
Catch of the Sealing Fleet
A dispatch received by the Merchants"
Chief Kngineer Little of the steamship
Alameda received hurried orders yester
day to start for Philadelphia, there to
take charge of the engines of the new
steamship Sonoma on her trip to this
port. Mr. Little has put in eighteen
years on the Alameda, and his promotion
is a deserved one. He will leave to-day.
Chief- Engineer Little Ordered to Go
to" Philadelphia.
A DISPATCH from Fort Bragrg
state6 that the steam schooner
Sunol, while lying at anchor at
Little River, was j entirely con
sumed by fire at an early hour
yesterday morning. The fire started in
the cook's galley and ¦ was caused
by the explosion of a coaloil
lamp. The burning oil spread rapidly
over the decks of the steamer,
and the flames gained such headway that
the crew was unable to pain control and
was forced to abandon the vessel to her
fate.
Captain Green was in his cabin at the
time of the explosion. Before he had a
chance to take any of his belongings the
flames shot up around him, and he was
forced to Jump to the lower deck to save
himself. He was considerably ehaken up,
and !s compelled to hobble about on
crutches. The crew escaped uninjured.
The Sunol was owned by C. A. Hooper
& Co. of this city and was uninsured.
TO BRING OUT SONOMA.
Steamer Movements.
TO ARRIVE.
NEW YORK— Arrived Oct 23-Stmi Lauren
tlan, from Glapsrow.
Sailed O:t C3 - Stmr Taurlc. for Liverpool.
KOBE— Arrived Oct 21— Stmr Port Albert,
from Seattle, for Manila.
QUEENSTOWN— Arrived Oct 23— Ptmr Waes
land. from l-hl'adelphla. for Liverpool.
BOULOGNE— Sailed Oct 22— Stmr Bul^ia,
from Hamburg, for New York.
Arrived Oct 23 — Stmr Maudam, from New
Tork, for Rotterdam, and proceeded.-
BOSTON — Arrived Oct 23 — Stmr Bohemian,
from Liverpool.
CHERBOURG-Sailed Oct 23-Stmr Friederich
der Grosse, from Bremen and Southampton, for
* GIBRALTAR— Sailed Oct 23— Stmr Kaiser
Wilhelm II. for New York.
OCEAN STEAMERS.
mond, from Chemalnus.- Prior to Oct 23— Bark
Sonoma, from Port Townsend.
HULL— Arrived Oct 21— Ger ship Renee Rick
mers. from Chemainus.
QUEENSTOWN-Arrlved Oct 2-Br ship Chil
tonford, hence June 12. Oct 21— Br ship Clan
Buchanan, hence June 29. Oct 23 — Br ship St
Mlrren. from Portland, and proceeded to Limer
ick: Br ship Allerton, from Portland: Br ship
Argus, from Portland; Br ship Lydgate. from
Portland: Fr bark Marie Mollnos, hence July 2.
LIZARD— Passed Oct 21— Br ship Oranasla,
hence June 16. Oct 23— Ger ship Mabel Rick
mers. from Portland, for Queenstown.
KINSALK— Passed Oct 22— Fr ship Marie Mo
llncs, hence July 2. Oct 23— Ger ship Mabel
Rlckmers. from Portland, for Queenstown.
JAVA— In port Oct 15— Br etmr Royalist, for
Vancouver.
MANILA— Sailed Oct IS— Aus stmr Slam, for
Ean Francisco. t f
FA LMOUTH— Arrived Oct 23— Br ship Grena
da, hence June 15, and ordered to Hull.
GUAYMAS-Arrived Oct 23— Sshr C A Thay-r,
from Grays Harbor. . - *
MAZATLAN— Palled Oct 20— Stmr San Benito.
for San Francisco.
BROWHEAD— Paseed Oct 21— Br ship AUer
ton. from Oregon, for Queenstown. ¦ '
UNION. BAY— Arrived Oct 22-Sh!p America,
hence Oct 13. - ... : ,
VICTORIA— Arrived Oct 22— Schr : Penelope.
607 skins; schr E B.Marvin. 456 skins: «chr Um
brlna. 712 skins; schr Zlllah May, 417 skins; schr
Victoria. S47 sklna;s«hr Enterprise," 611 akin**
schr Annie E Paint, 407 skins; achr Carrie Sea
ward, 604 skins. -
NOUMEA— Sailed Oct 23— Schr Honoipn. tot
Newcastle." -. • - ¦;.;¦? ¦¦• '¦ - V '¦¦¦¦¦ ' ----- ¦..,-¦,. ¦-¦; '¦.'.-•:
SYDNEY— Arrived Oct 22r-SWp James Drum-"
FOREIGN PORTS.
, . EASTERN PORT. •
NEW YORK— Arrived Oct 23— Strar Advancer
from Colon. ¦ ' .
PORT TOWNSEND— Passed In Oct 23—Schr
Queen, for Port Gamble; «chr Mary Ann, from
Cfi£>e Nome.
Arrived Oct 23 — Br stmr PaJatlna, from Java
Arrived Oct Zt— Schr Nokomis, from at
Michael.
• 8T MICHAEL— In port Sept »— Bark Colo
ma, for Pu^et 8<iund.
SOUTH BEND— Arrived Oct 33— Schr Mtl
ancthon.. f rom Port Harford.
GREENWOOD— Sailed Oct 23— Btmr Alcazar,
for Port Harford.
SEATTLE— Arrived Oct 22— Schr Challenger,
hence Oct 6; schr Alice, from Nome.
Sailed Oct 22— Stmr Mackinaw, for San Fran
cisco. .
Arrived Oct 2J— Br stmr Palatlna. from Java.
Sailed Oct 23 — Stmr Czarina, (or Taeoma
ASTORIA— Arrived Oct 23— faimr Alliance.
from Coos Bay. Oct 22— Schr Beulah, hence Oct
12. and not Webfoot. as report*!. '
BOWENS LANDING— Arrived Oct 23— Schr
Ocean Spray, hence Oct 15; stmr Navarre, hnc
Oct 22.
Sailed Oct 23— Schr Corinthian, for San Fran
cisco.
Sailed Oct 28— Schr. Newark, for San Fran
cisco.
FORT BRAGG — Arrived. Oct 23— Stmr Se
quoia, hence Oct 22. "
Sailed Oct 23— Stmr Nflyo, for San FrancUco
TACOMA— Arrived Oct 22— Ship Eclipse, hence
Oct 14.
ABERDEEN— Arrived Oct . 12— Stmr W ' H
Kruirer. hence Oct 19. • «
PORT GAMBLE— Arrived Oct 23— Schr Queen,
from Port Townsend.
Sailed Oct 23— Scbr Chas Hanson, for Ban
Francisco. . . .
COOS BAT— Arrived Oct 23— Stmr Arcata.
hence Oct 20. Oct 21— Schr* Repeat, hence Oct
13. Oct 22 — Schr Volunteer, hence Oct 14.
Barbound Oct 23— Stmr Empire, for San Fran
cisco. .
NEAH BAT— Passed in Oct 22— Ship Charmer.'
from St Michael, for Taeoma: schr Oceania
• Vance, hence Oct 9. for Port Hadlock; Br stmr
Robert Adamson. from San Diego, for Nanaimo
Oct 23— Br ship KUmallle, from Cardiff, for
Ecqulmalt; stmr Willamette, hence Oct 20, for
Seattle. »n «tiTHffl«pr imt ' I j Ji wiJwului » uJniii
PORT HADLOCK— Sailed Oct 23-Schr Esther
Buhne, for San Francisco.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
LITTLE RIVER, Oct 23— By the raploslon of
a lamp the stmr Sunol caught fire and was en
tirely destroyed. Crew saved.-
SEATTLE, Oct 23— Schr Alice picked up fJie
crews of schrs Victoria, Lydla and Ma.yflower
on Oct 8 near Cape Prince of Wales. Vessels
are a total wreck. No lives lost.
MISCELLANEOUS.
Per Br ship Albyn— June fi, lat 36 25 N. Ion
17 W. spoke dismasted Nor ship | Superb, with
mate and prize crew of Br ship Senator of Liv
erpool, and supplied them with provisions.
PORT TOWNSEND. Oct 23-Schr Fred J
Wood, from Taeoma for Fayta, put bacic, hav
ing been in collision with Ger bark Carl, from
Ll\-erpool for Victoria.
DISASTEIK.
Oct 18, lat , Ion 14 W— Fr bark Marie Mo
lino*, hence July 2. for Queenstown.
Oct 3, lat « N, Ion 27. W— Br ship Matterhorn,
from Liverpool, for San Francisco. .
SPOKETN.
POINT LOBOS. Oct 23. 10 p m— Weather
hazy; wind XW. velocity 16 miles.
TELEGRAPHIC.
RETURNED.
Tuesday, October 23.
Schr Rio Rey. Erlckson. hence Oct 18, for
Bowens Landing, returned on account of carry-
Ins away starboard forerigrglns Oct 22, off
Bowens Landin;. ¦ ,
SAILED.
Tuesday. October 23.
Stmr EUireka. Jensen; Eureka.
Stmr Greenwood. Kagerlund, Greenwood.
Etmr GiDsy. Leland, Santa Cruz.
Etmr Point Arena, Hansen, Mendoclno.
Stmr Umatllla, Cousins. Victoria and Puget
Sound rorts.
Stmr Del Norte. Allen. Eureka.
. Stmr Alex Duncan, Outhrip. Moss Landing.
U S stmr Nero. Llnd. Manila.
Br stmr Flintshire, Dwyer, Port Arthur.
Br stmr Condor. Anderson. Callao.
Bark C D Bryant. Colly. Honolulu.
Bark VIdette. Dodd. Salinas Cruz.
Bark Coaiinja, Evans, Callao.
Brig Geneva, Aas, Port Gamble.
Schr Ida Schnauer, Sorenson, Port Gamble.
Schr Five Brother*. Jensen. Bthlers Point.
Schr J G Wall, Jensen. Eureka.
Schr Mar)' E Rust, Wlkender, Cooe Bay.
Schr Laura May. Hansen. Graya Harbor. -
Br schr Alexander, Kalb, Salinas Cruz.
Tuesday. October 23.
Stmr Umatllla, Cousins, Victoria, etc; Good
all. Perkins & Co.
Stmr Santa Rosa.. Alexander; San Diego;
Goodall.- Perkins & Co.
Ship Roanoke, Amesbury* Liverpool; G W
McNear.
CLEARED.
Schr Kodlak. §chert. 16 days from Un&laska.
Schr James A Garfleld, Lewis, 10 days from
Wllla^a Harbor.
Schr Henry Wilson. Johnson. 11 days from
Grays riarbtr. \
Schr Mary Etta. Anderson. 24 hours from
Bowens Landlns.
¦ - '
Ship Dashing Wave, Lancaster, 12 days from
Taeoma.
Brig W G Irwin, Genereaux, IS days from
Honolulu. , '
Sc-hr LiuraPlkf, Johnson, 43 hours from Eu
reka.
Schr San Buenaventura. Holmbersr, 10 days
from Grays Harbor.
Schr Una, Harklns, 2 days from Eureka.
Schr Metha Nelson, Chrlstensen. 10 day»
Stmr Pomona, Shea, IS hours from Eureka.
Stmr Greenwood, Fageriund, 5S hours from
Port Los Anieles.
Strar Santa Cruz. Hinkle. 74 hours from Re
doudo. via San Simeon 23 hours.
Br »tmr Wai-field, Pattie, 5 days from Oys-
Tuesday. October 23.
Stmr Alex Duncan. Guthrle. 10 hours from
Piceon Point.
Shipping' Intelligence.
ARRIVED.
was moved by a bcow out of position. It is
row about 200 feet *outh by west H west from
Its original position. It is still on the
northwest side of the wreck and vesoels should
not go between the buoys.
The buoy will be replaced In Its original oo
eitlcn as soon as practicable, when due notice
•rill be tfven.
By order or the Lighthouse Board.
U. SEBREE.
Commander U. S. N..
'¦ Inspector Twelfth Lighthouse District.
STEAM SCHOONER SUNOL BURNING AT LJTTLE RIVER. THE FIRE WAS CAUSED BY THE EXPLOSION OF
A COAL OIL LAMP IN* THE COOKS' GALLEY. CAPTAIN GREEN HAD TO JUMP FOR LIFE AND WAS
injured. ;;;e
ance for time for unloading, where icy
portion of .-uoh time has to be consumed
in attending to the preliminaries neces
eaniy antecedent to the actual process of
unloadlr.gr. As to grain, flour, hay and
feed consigned to and deliverable at the
interior points in the territory of the
Philadelphia Car Service Association, tha
carriers are required to cease and desist
from charging demurrage until the ex
piration of a reasonable time for unload
ing after the cars have been placed for
unloading and notice of such placing has
been given the' consignee or other proper
party.
The commission further holds that
forty-eight hours it- a reasonable time
for the actual unloading. The commission
also decided that by section 1 of the act
to regulate commerce storage' is named
as a service in connection with transpor
tation and the charges thereon are re
quired to be reasonable and just and pub
licly posted.
Pennsylvania Millers" State Association
4gi:r.s: the Philadelphia and Heading
Hailroad Company and others. The com
mission holds in this case that f.orty-eight
hours is an unreasonably s>mall allow-
opinion by Commissioner Clements, an
nounced its decision in the case of the
state Commerce Commission to-day, in an
An Interesting Decision Is Rendered
by the Intsrstate Commerce
Commission.
"WASHINGTON. Oct. 23.— The Inter-
TIME ALLOWANCE IN
XJNIX)AX>ING FHEIQHT CABS
Twenty thousand invitations .for the
celebration at the Mechanics' Pavilion on
next Saturday. night of the thirty-second
anniversary of the founding, of -the An
cient Order of United Workmen in Meaii
ville, l J enn., are being distributed by the
members of the thirty-two local lodges
and the two lodges of the EKjgree of
Honor. From the present indications it
is believed that the celebration will
bring togetner the largest fraternal gath
ering that has ever been planned in this
city, invitations nave been extended to
the membership of the lodges in Alameda
and Marin- counties to taice part in the
ev* nt. To these, many of the lodges have
responded that they will attend in a body.
Ihis organization, started by "Father".
J. J. Upcnurch witn seven .members, tor
the purpose of providing protection to the
widows, orphans and dependents of the
members, nas m thirty-two years ac
quired 410,0w members, and in that per
iod has paid out to the beneficiaries of
deceased members the sum ol Jllu.OuO.GuO.
The jurisdiction of California has now
about 21,000 members.. '-'*' r - ' '¦
The programme that has been arranged
for the celebration will be directed by
Fact Grand Master Barnes and vrili in
clude a short address by Grand Master
Charles E. Snook of Oakjand, soprano se
lections by Mrs. Blake Alverson, comic
specialties by W. J. Hynes, vocal selec
tion by Booth's quartet, vocal solos by
Miss A. Shean, and a drill by the Pacific
drill team of Oakland. Mrs. Walter Mal
loy has been selected as the accompanist
for vocal music. A ball will close the
celebration.
The general committee that will have
charge of this monster affair is composed
of Charles E. Snook, grand master; Ed
win Danforth. deputy grand master; Sam
Booth, grand receiver; J. H. Knight, Mar
tin Glennon, Gus Pohlmann, J. A. Cun
ningham. M. J. Blackman, G. M. Law
ton, E. C. Stock, F. S. Knowles, Colonel
Walter Malloy, secretary of the San
Francisco extension committee, Ellas
Rodecker. Charles Olsen, Louis Jacobs.
J. G. Shaller. J. K. McCreigh, H. J. Trow
bridge, E. F. Joy. J. Michaels, George
Meling, W. E. Bouton, Will J. Beatty,
William Jackson. R. W. Lewis, L. Stone,
R. S. McKenzle. H. W. Hasty. C. S Cur
tis. W. J. B. Warner. C. W. Hoffmann.
F. J. Maguire, J. Hartley. A. Becker. J.
Crawley. S. J. Crowley, Charles Fleisher,
Edward Dunn. A. L. Smythe, Mrs. Walter
Malloy and Mrs. E.' Elitizus. A number
of sub-committees have arranged all the
details.
C. T. Spencer, grand recorder, has been
appointed chairman of the reception com
mittee and R. H. McPherson floor direc
tor, with H. J. Trowbridge and J. M. Foley
his assistants. The reception committee
will | consist ¦ of two members from each
lodge, and the floor committee also of two
from each lodge.
Twenty Thousand Invitation Cards
Are to Be Sent Out by
the Various Local
Lodge*.
To Celebrate With Monster
Entertainment at
. . Pavilion.
ANNIVERSARY OF
THE WORKMEN
"When -the division was organized hav
ing charge- of these claims all claims of
widows and claims for gunshot v/ounds
and severe disability of soldiers vrcre
given tht right of way. practically mak
ing them special? and they were promptly
adjudicated. Twenty-rive clerks were as
signed to this work. and. like other di
visions of the bureau, the work is now
practically current. All classes of claim*
are treated alike, as provided by law and
the established practice." ¦ •-:•
WASHINGTON. Oct. 23.— Many Inquir
ies have been made recently at the Pen
sion Office as to the status of claims filed
for pensions by soldiers of the Spanish-
American war. Commissioner Evans said
z<*-Oa.y that the bureau scarcely had tlme
to respond to all the Inquiries, but that
the claims were being adjudicated as rap-
Idly as possible.
He added that some. of the claims had
been delayed by the difficulty la obtaining
the necessary official records at the War
Department.
"There have been filed 34,000 claims on
account of the Spanish-American war up
to Monday niornir.g. October 22." said the
Commissioner. "Calls have been made for
evidence in 25.424 of thfse claims. Medical
examinations have been ordered by this
bureau In 2S.224 claims. The difference
between the number of claims filed and
the number of medical examinations
ordered practically represents the num
ber of widows and dependents claims;
4237 of these claims have been adjudicated
already.
Commissioner Evans Says the Bureau
Is Doing Its Utmost and at
Present All Are Being
Treated Alike, .
Many Delayed by Difficulty
in Obtaining'Necessary
Official Records.
BIG RUSH OF
PENSION CLAIMS
, LOUISVILLE. Ky..' Oct.* 23.— The Mis
sionary Council of the Episcopal church
was inaugurated here to-day. During the
next three days some of the most .- dis
tinguished men in the church
in the country will < dJjscuas ~ matters ot
vital Interest.
Missionary Council.
Postal Business at Nome.
WASHINGTON*. Oct. 23.-A letter re
ceived at the Poetoffice Department to
day from Nome City, Alaska, shows that
up to September 21 the Nome postofflce
kid sold 5000 money orders. The money
order service had been in operation then
about three months and officials here es
timate that the pale of money orders for
the quarter amounted to J400.000.
MAJDRID. Oct. 23.— The new Spanish
Cabinet took the oath of office to-day.
Senor Sagasta, the former Premier and
Liberal leader, declared the new Cabinet
will hasten the ruin of the Conservatives.
He believes a great mistake was made in
not Kivlns: the naval portfolio to Senor
Sanchez Tora, and that it was an . equal
mistake to retain General Linares as
Minister of War. The press points out
that five of the Mlnleters are generals.
The official organ of the army declares
the time has arrived to undertake ener
getically the reorganization of the army.
Sea or Sagasta Declares It Will Hast
en the Ruin of the Con
¦'•X'* servatives.
ITVX GEXZR.AXS JN
SPAIN'S NEW CABHTET
HARTFORD. Conn., Oct. 21— The funer
al of Charles Dudley Warner took place
this afternoon from Asulum Hill Congre
gational Church. A larp-e assemblage was
present. The floral tributes were of the
richest character, including an anchor
from the Society of Mayflower Descend
ant* in Connecticut.
Among: the honorary pallbearers -were:
Thomas Bailey Aldrlch, S. L. Clemens
(Mark Twain), Senator Hawley, Profes
sor William Sloane of Columbia Univer
sity and President George XV. Smith of
Trinity College.
The Interment In Cedar Cemetery was
private.
Large Assemblage Present and Floral
Tributes Were Many and
Beautiful.
CHAELES DT7DLET WAKITER'S
BODY IS LAID AWAY
XA6HV1LLE, Tenn., Oct. 23.— Exercises
In celebration of the twenty-Sith anniver
sary of Vanderbllt University were held
to-day in the Gospel Tabernacle. The
members of the faculty and board of trus
tees, students and former students of the
university formed a procession on the
jrourds and proceeded to the tabernacle.
The gown and cap recently adopted were
worn for tne first time on this.. occasion.
There were present at the tabernacle rep
resentatives of many other colleges and
universities and friends of Vanderbllt
University.
Addresses were delivered by President
Arthur T. Hadley of Yale and Chancellor
Klrkland of Vanderbllt and the presenta
tion of Kissam Hall, the gift of XV. K.
Vanderbllt, followed. This afternoon a
reception was given by the chancellor
and board of trustees.
thur Hadleyof Yale and Chancel
lor Zirkland of VAnderbilt.
Addresses Delivered by President Ar-
AITOIVEBSABY OF
VAKT>E&BILT UNIVERSITY
¦•. ' . - - •. ... ¦ , V- :::' ¦- •
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, OCTOBER 24, 1900.
Flames Caused by Explosion of Coal Oil Lamp Entirely Consume the Vessel, Which
Was Owned by C. A. Hooper & Co. of This City, and Was Uninsured.
STEAM SCHOONER SUNOL IS DESTROYED BY
FIRE WHILE ANCHORED AT LITTLE RIVER
5
Steamer.
From.
Due.
Matteawan ...JTacoma Oct. 24
Coos Bay (Newport Oct. 24
City of Puebla..j Victoria .' Oct. M
Crescent City... Crescent City.'. Oct. 24
Empire Cooa Bay.. Oct. 25
Victoria ........ Oyster Barbor Oct. 25
Iaqua Newport. Oct. 25
Cleone Tillamook: Oct. 25
North Fork .... Humboldt..'... Oct. 2j
Point Arena ... Point Arena Oct. 25
Axcata Coos Bay Oct. 25
Eureka Humboldt Oct. 24
Corona itian Diego Oct. 28
Gaelic China and Japan ..... Oct. 26
Mackinaw (Seattle Oct. 2S
Argo JCcxiuUle River. Oct. 27
Newburg (San Pedro Oct. 27
State of Cal.... Portland....../. Oct. Z7
Czarina Seattle Oct. 23
Bonlta Newport Oct. 28
Curacao Mexico , .'.. Oct. J8
Oeo. W. Elder.. Portland Oct. 2S
Progrreso Tacoma : Oct. 2S
Chas. D. Lane. Seattle Oct. 2?
Pomona Eureka Oct. 2S
Mlneola Tacoma.. Oct. 23
Walla Walla... Victoria Oct. »
W. H. Kru^er.. Grays Harbor Oct. 29
Alliance Portland Oct. 29
Santa Rosa San Diego Oct. 30
Acapulco ....... New'York .• ......|Oct. 30
Steamer.
I Destination. I
Sails.
Pier.
Santa Roi-a San Diego Oct. 24, 11 am Pier 11
Columbia .. Portland Oct. 25. 11 am Pier 24
Pomona ... Humboldt Oct. 25. 3 pm Pier 9
Iayua '. Humboldt Oct. 26. lpm Pier ..
Coob Bay... Newport Oct. 2« t » am Pier 11
City Peking Chtna& Japan Oct. 26. l pm PMS3
Arcata Coos Bay Oct. 27. 12 m Pier 19
Empire — Coos Bay Oct. 27. 4 pm Pier 13
Newburg .. Grays Harbor Oct. 27, 5 pm Pier 13
Eureka Humboldt Oct. 2S, 9 am Pier 13
Corona .... San Diego Oct. 23. 11 am Pier 11
City Puebla Victoria.. Oct. 38. 11 am Pier »
North Fork Humboldt Oct. 28. 9 am Pier 2
Colon New York Oct. 29. 12 . m PMSS
Pt. Arena:. Point Arena.. Oct. 29,'" 2 pm Pier I 2
O W Elder. Portland Oct. 30. 11 am Pier 2*
Bonita ..... Newport Oct. 30, 9 am Plerai*
Sun rises
Sun sets
Moon sets
-.5:21
.0:00 p. m.
¦ c |Tlm« !
m I Ft.
• |h w .
24 ...I 0:17 ~Ts
26 .. 1:02 • 4.4
it ... 1:4» 4.4
27 ... 2:41 4.4
25 ... 3:33 4.4
2» ... *:XJ 4.S
3O...(.6;l» *•'
Time) ITlme I
Ft. Ft.
L. W H W
4:M~Te 11:15 TTs
5:31 2.8 11:40 S.5
CCS 2.9 12:10 6.4
6:54 3.0 1«:45 5.3
,7:60 3.1 1:31 5.1
8:59 3.2 2:30 4.9
10:20 3.2 SM3 4.7
| Time!
1 Ft.
L wl .
5:55 0.0
1:33-0.1
T:15 —0.2
-8:00—0.1
8:50 0.1
¦ 9:48 0.3
10:45, 0.S
Steamer.
I Destination. I
Sails.
Pier.
Santa Roi-a San Diego Oct. 24, 11 am Pier 11
Columbia .. Portland Oct. 25. 11 am Pier 24
Pomona ... Humboldt Oct. 25. 3 pm Pier 9
Iayua '. Humboldt Oct. 26. lpm Pier ..
Coob Bay... Newport Oct. 2« t » am Pier 11
City Peking Chtna& Japan Oct. 26. l pm PMS3
Arcata Coos Bay Oct. 27. 12 m Pier 19
Empire — Coos Bay Oct. 27. 4 pm Pier 13
Newburg .. Grays Harbor Oct. 27, 5 pm Pier 13
Eureka Humboldt Oct. 2S, 9 am Pier 13
Corona .... San Diego Oct. 23. 11 am Pier 11
City Puebla Victoria.. Oct. 38. 11 am Pier »
North Fork Humboldt Oct. 28. 9 am Pier 2
Colon New York Oct. 29. 12 . m PMSS
Pt. Arena:. Point Arena.. Oct. 29,'" 2 pm Pier I 2
O W Elder. Portland Oct. 30. 11 am Pier 2*
Bonita ..... Newport Oct. 30, 9 am Plerai*
Steamer.
From.
Due.
Matteawan ...JTacoma Oct. 24
Coos Bay (Newport Oct. 24
City of Puebla..j Victoria .' Oct. M
Crescent City... Crescent City.'. Oct. 24
Empire Cooa Bay.. Oct. 25
Victoria ........ Oyster Barbor Oct. 25
Iaqua Newport. Oct. 25
Cleone Tillamook: Oct. 25
North Fork .... Humboldt..'... Oct. 2j
Point Arena ... Point Arena Oct. 25
Axcata Coos Bay Oct. 25
Eureka Humboldt Oct. 24
Corona itian Diego Oct. 28
Gaelic China and Japan ..... Oct. 26
Mackinaw (Seattle Oct. 2S
Argo JCcxiuUle River. Oct. 27
Newburg (San Pedro Oct. 27
State of Cal.... Portland....../. Oct. Z7
Czarina Seattle Oct. 23
Bonlta Newport Oct. 28
Curacao Mexico , .'.. Oct. J8
Oeo. W. Elder.. Portland Oct. 2S
Progrreso Tacoma : Oct. 2S
Chas. D. Lane. Seattle Oct. 2?
Pomona Eureka Oct. 2S
Mlneola Tacoma.. Oct. 23
Walla Walla... Victoria Oct. »
W. H. Kru^er.. Grays Harbor Oct. 29
Alliance Portland Oct. 29
Santa Rosa San Diego Oct. 30
Acapulco ....... New'York .• ......|Oct. 30
Sun rises
Sun sets
Moon sets
-.5:21
.0:00 p. m.
¦ c |Tlm« !
m I Ft.
• |h w .
24 ...I 0:17 ~Ts
26 .. 1:02 • 4.4
it ... 1:4» 4.4
27 ... 2:41 4.4
25 ... 3:33 4.4
2» ... *:XJ 4.S
3O...(.6;l» *•'
Time) ITlme I
Ft. Ft.
L. W H W
4:M~Te 11:15 TTs
5:31 2.8 11:40 S.5
CCS 2.9 12:10 6.4
6:54 3.0 1«:45 5.3
,7:60 3.1 1:31 5.1
8:59 3.2 2:30 4.9
10:20 3.2 SM3 4.7
| Time!
1 Ft.
L wl .
5:55 0.0
1:33-0.1
T:15 —0.2
-8:00—0.1
8:50 0.1
¦ 9:48 0.3
10:45, 0.S
$20 Tailor Dress, $16*50.
-^^5^ Ju?t like picture and f«ur other fl l\
styles, in new. all-wool tan covert and I i\
broadcloth, also a doubfe-breasted. cavv .pebble // \ y
cheviot, with Nipoleon collar and a fly front, // \\
black pebble cheviot, aho a lot of fine single // \ \
sample suits that have been ?30-00, some $25X0, W VA
but mostly ?20.00; all with flared &$£+ gTff* *~~^ >
skirts to-day only tyi%*m%9V
$2.75 and $3 00 Woolen Waists, $2.10— All-wool flannel and"
French serge, two style?, with fine tucks, or revere acd vest ef-
fect, both styles lined throughout, all sizes, color3 red, navv and
black; regu'a'rly ?lr.75 ard ?3.(0; today only $2,10
Eton Suits for children, a! I- wool, jacket?, fall satin
lined, skirt fully lined, well tailored and finished. s"zea
for 8 and 10 years only; price alway3 rtv?*
$12.00; special to-day (Wednesday) ggw
only. : $8.45 ££&
• Babies' Eiderdown Sacques, in J«T
pink and blue, finished with she 1 /^v\
stitched edge; price always 7-ic; special A®- Jaf 1
to-day (Wednesday) only ....... 50 C \xm^ V\
Specials for Children.
VIN MARIANI
MARUNI WINE— WORLD FAMOUS TONIC
All who have tested Vin Marian! a*ree as
to Its jreat superiority— this can be readily
verified by a personal test— but guard specially
egainst dangerous substitutes ar.J would-b*
imitators.
"It is the only tonic stimulant without un-
Tleasant reaction."
Sold by all Druggists. Refuse Substitutes.
Price 2S cents. AM drusststs. or sent post
paid on receipt of price. DR. PAUL DB
FORD. 175 N. Spring St.. Los Angles. Cal.
DR. GROSSMAN'S
SPECIFIC MIXTURE
For the ' Cups of Gonorrhoea. Gleoti.
Strictures and analogous comolalats
of ths Organs. of Generation.
Price II a bct£«. For sal* by drusxlsta.
Dr. Bennett's Electric Belt
Makes weak- m«-n and women stronr aad strong
tnea and women stronrcr. Rooms t aa4 *. a
Pc*t sc. 8*a Francisco, CaL
gro33 on sp'cHI sile to-dav only.
8c f or2Dr7zsnPoarlBut'
** ** tons— Pura white, perfect
maKe, !he 16. 13. 20. 22 and 24; 12)
dL*2g* for Men's Working
r Shirts— Made <f heavy
striped or checked eh rting, ia cassi-
mere pattern.*, cii fa I siz?. yoke back
and pee'eets; but o is sewed on to stay;
a good ba-gain.
O 5V* for 40o Slop Pails—
Mm M %* The 12-quart tin, larger than
thase naaatiy advert : sr,i; heavy tin..
pi int. ;d inside and ox:'.; fane/ assorted
Cy.OTS.
Tig* forUxiOSpachtelTI-
m *^ dOS — An'C2 siz? for arms of
chairs cr for vjs» , a boat 6 different
and very prettz pattern?.
§*{* for Fine Flannelettes
"** —We co3sd out a larga lot of
short pieces of F annelettes. lengths
10 to 21 yards, woren o!o"iagj, in
1-ght, dainty stripes; jnst the thin' for
skirts and tnde:wear.
Groceries— Liquors.
Ma! no Gorn—Oir •Victory" brand,
the ht£'Te*t zradj in the market; re^ni-
larlv 13c can; to-diy onlr 10o
Brc ''mange Ion— This <Je!i=iom des-
sert, al; fl ivors, to-day, per packaee...
.« ~ tOo
Victory Mush— I'm beii wheat
bre?kf 8t fooi 'o dar
| 4t33ck?gc3, 25o
Queen Lily Soap— To-day
• -4 bars, 25o
Prunes - F; n-y S uta C ara..5') to §)
to the pound; regilarly 9c; to-day......
4- lbs, 25 o
Tomato Catsup— Golden R:a
brand of real Tomato Cat3np; to-^ay
''nly. the largo pint battles ..13c
K 'rttucky tJourban Whisky
— Fa 1 quart demijohn, to-day.... 65*3
Zinfandol Claret— 6 years old; an
ex;el ent dinner w ine ; to-day. g%\S3o
Lieblg's Malt Extract— Tha
genuim, regularly $2.4 ) dozea; to dv.
» $1.93
Hale of Bows.
* **" 35c K A
V ©•/ v o t ggSSgb
Bows — For
hair- or cor- f^frStyz-s
sag?, maie ia cJ/*^ -^&
the most artis- • -- /p
tic manner of fi -Cls
N\ 3 or No. 5 J.
cj yards to ; e =--a «=~-T>*
eich bow, ex-
quisite style* by oar own expert bow
maker-; 14 choice colors. "
fcr% 6Oc Volour
•^^^^ £ cjuarcs— A 10: of 500!
splsndH* qmutifl* ani the choicest Hnej
cf patte na we hire evar offered; th°j !
are 45, 25 and 1:6 inche3 square; f j:
cushion c^air seat* aad backs.
£ F1 6%&r* f or this
£ /T^\V l2/»^-Po-c?lain bowl,
j» y^^^. with a 7-inch shade :
U t'tf^vj&L) tinted in pink, yellow o: |
5 /7 ., *7^T v r fl a " an( * a3I ° rte( *
6 VLjkfrl/ flowar designs; this lamp:
* JvJt?1 wju d be chea-> at 85c;!
& /^5*y^\ 't i' complete with
5/*/jj8Jjjbr^ baiier mi chinney at
(wPyi^^ ) to-dij's special price.
£ Vefour
THE EMPORIUM.
THE. EMPORIUM.
Ladies, get wmmmmm* rH«i\Ak%iBiiiJ!i^ eo OUI *
At new stand. ¦ wPjZ m Jt™* -^ 8fll in to-morrow
¦SSSln»Sr£S3S« P F Oold«llWeBaMaP. ? * (Thursday.)
parlors. CALIFORNIA'S LARGEST.-A.n£RICA'S CRANDEST STOKE, papers.
•
SHiflBHEI^BBflHSHDBSSBBBESE?}
Don't Faii Ry I
"Ko=Nut" |
A Pure Sterilized Cocoa- I
nut Fat. Never gets rancid. I
Twice the shortening power S
of lard. 3
Shortening and Frying i
.>, It Mas No Equal. |
Economical, healthful. Ask m
your grocer or writs |
India Refining: Co., I
Philadelphia. |
DR. PIERCE'S ELECTRIC BELT
This Is the Belt "*"JI Vf*""- that curen
WITHOUT /*TW>^ DRUGS!
Powerful elec- " /1'1> trie current!
All modern Im- / I* prorements!
Weakness and Xervotu Diseases of bota
««xes speedily cured when other remedies
fail to do the work. Lame back "knocked
out" In 3 days. Prices reasonable. BUT
NO BELT TILL TOU SEE "DR.
PIERCE'S." Call or sen.1 a 2-cent «tamp
for "BOOKLET NO. I." Address PIEUCE
ELECTRIC COMPAXT. Eleven forty-five
BROADWAT (near Ifith St.). NEW TORK
Pacific Coast headquarters. Six twenty
Market St.. SAN FRANCISCO.
N. B.— Our '"Booklet No. 1" t'lls all
about Dr. Pierce 1 s Electric TRCS3. It
CURES Rupture!MEXICO-F. M. F. f City. The latest
books that have been published on the re
public of Mexico are to be found' in the
reference room of .the San Francisco Pub
lic Library. For information as to "pros
pects for a young man with -capital to
Invest successfully." address \ the United
States Consul, Andrew D. Barlow, Mex
ico, giving him full information as to
what the young man would like to engage
In, amount of capital 'and all that would
bring an intelligent answer.
CANNOT yOTE-S. J. J., City. If a
man who has been In the service of Uncle
Sam on board of a United States man-of
war arrived in San Francisco on the 1st
of October after a cruise of many months
he would not have a right to vote at the
next "election. First, for -the reason that
he was not registered, and second, no man
in the army , or ¦ the navy can vote here
unless he has gained a residence, if ha
was . not a resident of the State at the
time he enlisted. No man can vote in the
State of California unless he is registered
NO NATIONAL FLOWER— R. b. v . City.
There is no national flower of the United
States. Several States have adopted flow
ers,' but only five have jfiven legislative
recognition to such." The other ¦ States
have adopted- flowers by the vote of pub
lic school children. -The flowers that havo
received official recognition by the'Legis
latures are Iowa, wild rose: • Maine the
pine cone 'and tassel;' Mlchlean '<mm.
blossomrutah. sago HlyT Vefmoht aP £K
clover. The flowers^of other. States arT-
Alabama, golden rod; California/ esch-
Bcholtzia or golden. poppy; Colorado co
lumbine: Delaware, peach blossom: Geor
gia, golden rod;^Idaho.syrlnga; Minne
sota, moccasin flower; . Montana; bitter
root; Nebraska, golden rod; Nevada sun
flower: . New • York, rose : • Oregon EoldTn
rod ; Island.' violet : ' W^hington
rhododendron. -The : only- Territory that
haa adopted a flower is. Oklahoma. It ha»
adopted the mistletoe." *;
------ •¦"..-> : :-':: ¦-¦¦;-. >-..' ¦
The man who was shot in a Fourth street saloon
v the other night for pulling his friend's whiskers is
probably convinced that- the 1 historic joke about one's
facial adornment is something of a serious affair after
Dowie, the faith healer, who was mobbed and
severely handled in London the other day, will prob
ably need all of his medicine for himself for some
time. Perhaps faith, though/ will not cure broken
bones.
An ominous cloud has risen to darken the glories of
the Anglo-American alliance. The English want to
throw our jockeys out of England. There is a crumb
of comfort in the fidelity of the Prince of Wales to
Tod Sloan.
The United States Court of Appeals is tryirlg to dis
cover whether or not a life insurance policy may be
considered among a man's- assets. It is, possibly, one
of those profits a man earns by dying, rather dubious
it; realization.
That is the way the game is developing. Europe ¦
is sending armies into China, and China is sending
the advance guard of hosts of workers into Europe.
What is to be the result? Russia ri'as pushed her em
pire until it reaches the Chinese border, and -she is
now eager to break down the border and extend her
rule over millions of Chinese. ."Suppose she succeeds
in doing so. Will it result in the annexation of China
by the Russians or the swallowing of Russia by the
Chinese? ' -" '¦¦•- '•'¦'¦¦ ''¦•'
• It is -all very well for London to look upon Chi-;
nese servants as a pleasant novelty, but she will have
occasion to regret their,, coming before they cease to
come. . ' , '
"That's a question for you to answer. Why, not; In
deed? A lady drove up to my office to-day and asked
me to supply her. with two Chinese' servants. I could
not comply, for all my men are laundrymen. I should
Import Chinese servants to-morrow, only that the fare
is prohibitive— £25 from Hongkong— and the whole thing
would be in the nature of.an experiment. But if per
sons desirous of having Chinese servants will pay the
passage money, they can have as many as they like of
the best, cleanest,' and the most docile servants In the
world." ¦ ¦ *. .
"Looks like the thin end of the Chinese wedgre, doesn't
It?" I said. "If we are ,to have heathen ', laundrymen
why. not domestic servants, and cooks, coachmen; and
SO- on?" - .;..¦:
We have" had the issue of Chinese immigration and
cheap and persistent labor so clearly defined and fully
exploited in. California that it is difficult for us to un
derstand hQW blind nTtsmy intelligent men in the East
ern States and in Europe are to the danger. Hitherto
the Chinese labor problem has been regarded in those
countries as something to the 'Pacific Coast.
'It^riow appears to be manifesting itself elsewhere. In
London, at any rate,' the subject has attracted a good
deal of attention by reason of the activity, of a firm
in that city eng'aged- in the business of importing
Chinese laundrymen. A representative of the Con
don Chronicle, who called upon a member of the firm
for the purpose of obtaining information about the
business, reports him as saying in the course of the
conversation: • ." Viv'C-: •
"This is only the beginning of our venture. We shall
have IKK) Chinamen at work. In London by Christmas
next. Our Chinamen will- give you really clean linen
for the first time in your lives. There is no. one who
can wash like him. He uses nejther chemicals nor
machinery, but dpe« it all with his knuckles, using at
the same time plenty of water." ; ¦-.
WHILE the rulers .of the nations are gravely
debating with one another how they shall
make "spoil of China and reduce the Chinaman
to commercial servitude, the lowly workers of the
yellow race are moving steadily along in the path of
making spoil of civilized nations by superseding the
white workers and gathering to themselves the indus
tries of the world.
AH SIN IN LONDON.
• ¦ *
Mayor Phelan is touring the State in the cause of
•William Jennings Biyan. And it was only a few
days ago that his Highness said fie had troubles of
his own. .. /
J. C. Woodbury, County Commissioner,
of Ormsby County, | Nevada, and promi
nent in .the mining and milling worlti; Is
at the Palace. "Mr. Woodbury came from
Carson to consummate a mining deal with
John W. Mackay. who is now in this city.
S. M. Levee and wife and K. Casper and
wife '.-of Vallejo are at the Lick. Both
Mr. Levee and Mr. Casper are well-known
merchants of Vallejo. ¦
Miss Sally: P. Peck of Northampton,
Mass.,- Is at tho Occidental. 8h© is on her
way to China,' where she goes as a mis
sionary. . " „ . ¦
John J. Byrne, general passenger and
ticket agent 1 of the Santa Fe at Los Ange
les, is stopping at the Palace..
D. S. Rosenbaum,* a prominent Stockton,
manufacturer, is stopping j at the Palace
for a few days.:
T. W. Beakbeane and B. B. Brown, fruit
men at Lower Lake, are stopping at the
Occidental. x<-- : v^Vv
John E. Miller, agent for the Erie Dis
patch at New York, is in town on a busi
ness trip.. ¦ kVlIvu 5
Williamson Dunn of the Santa Fe Re
frigerator line is spending a few days in
town.- • • . . •-, "y-V'.v*V..i ¦¦.>!• l-~t.!' ¦
Dr. J. H. Fry and wife of Chicago are
at the Lick. , , ., .
William Spiers, a-Calistogaw stage man.
Is at the Lick.
E. B. Runyon, the Red Bluff banker, is
at the Palace.
Judpe "\V. B. Gilbert of Portland Is at
the Occidental. *
J. B. de Jarnett, a Colusa fruit grower,
is at the Occidental.
k C. [W. Kent, a vineyardlst of Sonoma, Is
stopping at the Russ.
T. J. Downing, a merchant of Treka,' is
registered at the Russ. -
Frank J. Tetreau, a Chico merchant, is
registered at the Grand.
F. A. Hihn, capitalist of Santa Cruz, la
registered at the Palace.
Clyde Klrkpatrick of the Chicago Board
of Trade is at the California.
H. E. Huntington is eipected from New
York early in the coming week.
L. M. Fox. a mining man from Folsom,
Is registered at the Occidental.
H. T. Jones and wife of Martinez are at
the Grand. Mr. Jones is a big rancher. ,
PERSONAL MENTION.
Mr. Johnson — "What's dat package on do
end dar?
. Ah Wash— Dat b'long to Mlstah Black,
up stleet.
Mr. Johnson— Wall. dat'U do. Sam
Black an' me weahs de same eollahs. Ef
mine ain't ready you gimme dat an' gib
him de jolly you wuz tryin' ter gib me
Puck. •
First Citizen— Mike O'Conologue says he
has got you fixed eure for Tim Murphy.
Second Citizen — He's a liar. No man can
control my vote. Besides. Conny O'Shane's
committee has promised me a fine Job
with no work in It If I vote for Conny.—
Boston Transcript. . .
"When we're married, dear, you won't
be.always threatening to go home to your
mother, will you?"
"No; I'll threaten to have mother come
and live with us."— Chicago Record
He — probably, for lack of anything else,
they husband their resources. — Brooklyn
Life. .
She— I wonder why it is* that so many
old maids have fat bank accounts ?
"So that's your little game, -Is -It?*' said
the guest at the restaurant -to the-waiter
who had brought him English sparrows
for reed birds. — Chicago Tribune. - '
He— There are -25.000 more women- than
men in Xew York City. --- • -¦.-' -.,
"She — No wonder, the Xew York men are
so sassy. — Detroit' Free Press. -
A CHANCE TO SMILE.
While the -Bryanites have said nothing. about the
currency bill during the campaign.the declaration of
their platform is nevertheless worth keeping in mind.
Bryan is known to be reckless in matters oi finance.
Should he attain the Presidency with a 'Democratic
Congress to support him the whole financial system
of the Government will be disturbed and all business
paralyzed. For that reason, as well as for
equally good,, the '.conservatism of the country v pcr-
The currency law <focs more than remove all
doubt concerning the standard of value. It directs
that all forms of money issued or . coined by the
United States shall be maintained at a parity of value
with this standard, and it is made the duty of the Sec
retary of the Treasury to maintain such parity. Bet
ter banking facilities for the country districts are pro
vided by \his act, the minimum capital being reduced
to $25,000 in. places of not over 3000 population. Un
der thi5 section 244 new banks have been organized,
with a capital of $10,000,000. Perhaps the most notable
feature of the new currency law is that which relates
to the refunding of the national debt. The 5 per cents
of 1904, the 4 per cents of 1007, and the 3 per cents of
1908, the principal of which aggregates. $839, 146,400,
were authorized to be refunded into 2 per cent bonds,
payable at the pleasure of the United States after
thirty years from the date of their issue, and payable,
principal and interest, in gold coin of the present
standard value. Under the refunding provision the
treasury effected a net saving of. interest : amounting
to $6,664,454 on bonds replaced, -between March 14
and May i,.ipoo. If all the bonds. open to refunding
should be exchanged the saving in interest will reach
over $20,000,000.
them in debate on the issue.
Of-all-that waspromised by that plank of the plat
form the S^'anites have given us little or nothing.
Hardly a single piping voice has been heard in the
way of denunciation of the currency bill, or in appeals'
to the people to vote for Bryan because of his oppo
sition to it. In one lespect that is unfortunate, for it
would have been well to have had the attention of the
country directed to the measure in order that all
might have learned how far it has been successful.
The effects of^the operation of tne act have thus far
justified the wisdom of the men who enacted it, and
they could with safety challenge *any Bryanite to meet
ONE of the planks of the Kansas City platform
that Bryan promised to make use of runs thus:
'"We denounce the currency bill enacted at the
last session of Congress as a step forward in the Re
publican policy which aims to discredit the sovereign
right of the National Government to issue all money,
whether coin or paper, and to bestow upon national
banks the power to issue and control the volume of
paper money for their own benefit. A permanent na
tional bank currency, secured by -Government bonds,
must have a permanent debt tp-rest upon, and if the
bank currency is to increase with population and busi
ness, the debt must also increase. ' The Republican
currency scheme is, therefore, a scheme for fasten
ing upon the taxpayers a perpetual and growing debt
for the benefit of the tanks. We are opposed to this
private corporation paper circulated as money, but
without legal tender qualities, and demand the retire
ment of national bank notes, as fhe Government paper
of silver certificates can, be substituted for them."
AN ISSUE ThJAT WAS DROPPED.
The Federal Government has decided that we need
a new map of Alaska., This, however, was not made
necessary by .the fact that certain sections of the terri
tory were blown off the map by recent storms.
If any voter of the district be in doubt as to tht
comparative merits of the two candidates let him ask
of those *"ho know the record made by White and
that made by Wolfe at Sacramento. Both have been
tried in office. Each has an established reputation in
politics. Let the voters judge them by what they have
done and vote accordingly.
The Republicans of the Twenty-first Senatorial
District should have no difficulty in deciding which
of these men to vote for. It is well known that Kelly
and Critnmins arc more injurious than helpful to the
Republican party. Indeed the indignation of honest
Republicans once drove the two bosses out of the
party and thoroughly discredited them. They would
never have had any influence in the p'arty again had
not the Southern Pacific managers brought them to
the front to do railroad politics at the primaries as
soon as the primary law was declared invalid. The
nomination of Wolfe is one of the results of their re
turn to pov,er in the Twenty-first District. To elect
Wolfe to the State Senate would be to indorse Kelly
and Crimmins. It would be an affront to true Repub
licanism, to the interests of the district and to the
cause of honesty in the State government *• '
The man whom Kdly and Crimmins, supported .by
the Southern Pacific "push." nominated against Mr.
White is the notorious "Ed&e" Wolfe. As Mr.
White was chosen by the Citizens' Republican con
vention because the people can count upon him, so
Wolfe was chosen by the bosses and the corporations
because those corrupt forces can count upon
Wolfe. In this case ccch side has chosen a represen
tative candidate. The supporters of genuine Repub
licanism have nominated a representative of honest
politics, and the suppoiters of corruption have chosen
a man whose reputation in the Legislature is suffi
ciently well known to make it certain he will stand
up for all the bosses tnd the railroad desire.
Mr. White has served in the Assembly and :s
known to be 2n abl*. faithful and efficient legislator.
His record in office is itself a sufficient evidence of
his right to ask again the confidence and the suffrages
cf the people. In the whole course of his service at
Sacramento there is no act of his that can be cited
against him, not one that would bring upon him the
condemnation of good men. He has the character
2nd the reputation of z.n honest legislator, and to that
fact he owes his nomination by the Citizens' Republi
can convention.
AMONG the candidates nominated by the Citi
zens' Republican convention who merit the
support of all Republicans who are loyal to the
. best traditions of their party is William E. While,
candidate for the State Senate in the Twenty-first Dis
trict. By that nomination the convention placed be
fore the voters of the district a straight fight against
the Kelly and Crimmins combination. It is a plarn
. cnoice oi electing a Senator who will honestly rep
resent the people or one who will be no more than
a tool of corrupt corporations and the bosses.
TO BEAT THE BOSSES.
TEACHERS PLAN FOR
AMENDMENT NO. 15
The teachers of San Francisco have drafted this appeal to the voters of
California to support constitutional amentment No. 15, through which they
hope to get the moneys justly due them as salary for the months of Novem
ber and December, 1858.. This appeal was drafted by a special committee ap
pointed at the teachers' meeting held last week. It Is as follows: . . •
TO THE VOTERS OF CALIFORNIA: Vote YES on Senate constitutional amend
ment No. 15, which is the seventh on the ticket. This provide* that the city and county
of San Francisco may at any time pay the 'salaries of its teachers, due for services
rendered In November and December. 1S93, because:
1. The failure to pay these salaries was a great Injustice to the teachers and a
serious reflection on the good name of the city.
2. San Francisco meets the entire indebtedness; the State at large pays none of It.
3. The amendment permits, but does not compel, the 8an Francisco Supervisors to
pay these claims, / . . .
4. It has been /legally determined that the only means of paying this debt to the
teachers Is by the adoption of this amendment by the State at larse.
MRS. -LIZZIE K. BURKE, . CHARLES H. MURPHt" Chairman.
mrs. mary prag. j miss emma e. stincen; "
l. de f. bartlett, elisha brooks, rr •/
t. h. McCarthy, xv. d. kingsbury.
joseph o'connor.'
Mr. Bryan resorts V> another clever trick
in politics. He again offers himself as the
savior of the nation. In 1S9S he told the
people that unless they adopted th3 free
and unlimited coinage of silver business
would never revive and the country would
go to ruin. This year he tells them that
unless they adopt his policy • as regards
the Philippine Islands freedom and liberty
will be endangered and the very existence
of the republic threatened.
Bryan as President would be a menace
to peace as well as to commerce. The
President has everything to do with our
foreign relations, and a President of Bry
an's impetuosity, radicalism and inordi
nate ambition would have us involved in
international difficulties upon the slight
est pretext. Bryan is an extremist of the
worst kind, and the great and sometimes
delicate problems that arise In the admin
istration of the affairs of the nation de
mand a temperate consideration, which he
is incapable of giving to anything.
W. D. McHUGH.
Omaha; Neb., Oct. 14, 1200.
; -,w UDGE " : W. D. McHUGH of Oniaha,
j for sojtne years a, leader.. of ~ the
I Democratic forces In " Nebraska, is
.%J : , as strongly- opposed to Bryan in
; ¦ ; this campaign as he was In- 1S96.
when he bolted the Chicago platform. In
1S93 and 1S52 Judge McHugh was among
the»" most; active > workers for Mr. Bryan
in. his CpngTessiqnal campaign, l?ut in
1SS3,^ when the present Presidential candi
date forced free coinage of silver
upon the party in' Nebraska and made it
a I conspicuous and leading issue, the
Judge ceased to be oqe of his supporters.
In the following statement Ju^ge" Mc-
Hugh tells why he. cannot support Bryan:
Editor ; San Francisco ,CalU - When
Bryan was first put up as a Congressional
candidate he was an unknown quantity.
After his election ' he displayed marked
ability as . an - advocate of tariff reform,
which was at that time the dominating
issue In the politics of the country. On
the tariff issue I supported him for Con
gress again in 18S2, but .when later on,
he appeared as the champion of free sil
ver, free riot and free everything else
that" he thought- would' make votes, I
could not continue in his political com
pany. . I 'think I have a pretty clear in
sight of the man's iCharacter now. His
actions during the last six or seven years
have shown him to be a man who. does
not and will .not hesitate to > deceive the
people when he. believes such deception
will advance his own - political interests.
He is absolutely selfish and inconsiderate
of the interests of hjs fellow beings.
His public speeches, in which: he prom
ises so much to everybody but himself,
are calculated to benefit no ' one ' but hlm
self.' ¦? In 1S96 he found the people of the
country in depressed circumstances and
told them that their deliverance. depended
solely upon the election of himself to the
Presidency and the ¦ immediate free coin
age of silver at- the ratio of 16 to.l~.Thje
people rejected him and his money theory
and have since become prosperous. Now
Bryan would, if he could, abandon the
issue upon' which he made the campaign
of 1&&6. but his plans miscarried. The
Sioux Falls convention, by nominating a
candidate for the Vice Presidency against
the will of Bryan and his managers,
showed that the Populists were by no
means tractable. In order to satisfy
the Populists it was necessary for Bryan
to insist upon the reiteration of the 16 to
1 plank at Kansas City.
The free silver Issue Is a had one for the
Bryanites to handle this ytar, after the
country has recovered from the hard times
without having adopted the course ¦which
In 1806 they declared would be the one
and only way to bring prosperity. So now
/f ** ONSIDERABLE attention is' "given in the
I Eastern States tcra recent table published by
The Engineer of London showing the relation
between the number of exhibits niade and the prizes
won in the machinery" and electrical departments of
the Paris Exposition by the 'people of the leading na
tions of the world. The showing has been a surprise
to us: We have always regarded 1 machinery as our
specialty. To be *ieieat'*d in art Work or in ; various
lines of industry requiring skill of the hand and brain
would not be unexpected by Vs, but we have deemed
ourselves easily superior to the rest of the nations in
the, invention and the management of mechanism.
In that expectation we Have been disappointed. In
stead of standing first among the pri^e-winners in
proportion to exhibitors, we stand very low in th^
list.
From a summary of the tables given by The En
gineer the Americans were awarded one grand, prize
or gold medal for every . 7.8 exhibits of machinery.
This is the worst result attained, for Switzerland
comes first, with only 0.58 of one entry for each grand
prize or gold medal. Next in order is Belgium, 1.6
entries; Germany, 1.8; Austria, 2.8; Russia, 3.2;
France, 3.8; Hungary, 4.7;* Great Britain, 4.6. In
electrical apparatus, too, the Americans stand last, the
comparative figures being: Austria, 1.1 entries for
each grand prize or gold medal; Germany, 1.3; Hun
gary, 1.8; Switzerland, 2.1; France, 2.5; Russiaj 3.4;,
Great Britain, 4.2; Belgium, 4.6; United States, 9.8.
Several explanations have been" offered to account
for the bad showing. One of them is to the effect
that political considerations must have had some in
fluence upon the minds of the judges,. the argument
being that Russia would never have been placed ahead
of the United States in machinery had there not been
a desire on the part of the French to please the Rus
sians. Other explanations are that- many of- the
American exhibits of machinery went down with the
steamer' Pauillac; that owing to the remoteness of the
exposition and the intense rush of business at home
we did not make as good an exhibit of machines as
we might have done. When due allowance is made
for all these factors, however, there will still remain
a good deal that needs explaining.
It is well known that conclusions drawn from per
centages are very apt to be deceptive. If we sent
twenty times jas much machinery as some rival coun
tries whose exhibitors sent only their very best, it is
quite natural that our percentage of awards should be
lower. Reports from Paris concerning other depart^
rnents of exhibits show results of that kind. Thus it has
been announced that Norway and Sweden surpassed
Italy in the percentage of prizes for dtcorative art.
No one will suppose that those countries have any
thing like the artistic industry of Italy, any more than
that the Russians are equal to the United States in
the manufacture of machinery. . ¦
Should a full investigation of the subject be made
it will probably be found that a large number of
American exhibits of machinery were sent to the ex
position mainly for advertising purposes and that, it
was of all grades and kinds, so that while we had
much the best we had also a good 'deal ". that Was"
commonplace. Had the manufacturers of machinery
been as careful in preparing for the exposition as were
the winemakers of California they rwould doubtless
have fared as well as the winemakers did, despite the
handicap of the. labeling to w'tfich the French ob
jected. .' .."',/U- ••>
A CASE OF ThjE UNEXPECTED.
WEDNESDAY OCTOBER 24, *!*»
JOHN D. SPRECKELS. Proprietor.
(ddren All Communications to W. S. LEAKE. Manager.
fltXACnit'* OFFICE Telephone J^^J^l
PUBLICATION OFFICE... Markrt and Third. S. F.
Trlrpbunr !'!-«¦»• 201,
EDITORIAL. nOOM« 217 to 221 Mevrnnon St.
T«-I«-pltone Vrrun 2(12.
n<-Uxer*& by Cnrrirr*, 15 Cent* P*r WrrU.
••Int-i.- Cople«. 5 Cent*.
T«-rm« by Mall. InrlodlDR i'n»lacr:
DAILY CALL, (lacluf.r.g Eunfiaj-). on* Wr W.W
DAILY CAIX f!T)c!ua:n* Sunday). C month* - >- OT
DAILT CAU, 'ir.rludir.? Hunday). 3 months l-W
DAILT CALUBy Fir.*!* Month ••- • C*
ET.-NDAT CALL, On* Y*-ar 1-M
RTHKLY CALL, One Y»ar ." -- 10 °
All po»tmanter« nrp nattanrtsrd to receive
¦ nbftrrl ptfons.
?-- ; '.<¦ ccf.W»» will b* forwarded r-hen r<»qaestKl.
M«JI mvtjijrri+jTr Jn «ir<J<-rinr <-baru?e of ad<Jrc»s should t«
parUcslax to give botii XKVT AND OLD ADDRESS in' order
to Insure a pixnr.pt atsd correct cosipllance with their request.
OAKLWD OFFICE HIS Broadway
C. GEORGC KROGKES8,
Vtneger Foreign Advertising. Mtrquette Euilding, Chicago.
fLong DUtasre TV.^hone "Central 2S1J.")
NEW YORK OORRE5POkDE?*T:
C C. CAItLTOX H*-r»ld Square
NEW TORK REPRESENTATIVE:
STEPHEX U. SMITH.... SO Tribune Bnfldlnff
NETSV TORK NITVVS BTAXDS:
¦W«14orf-Ai>torla. Hotel; A- Erentano. 21 Union S<ju*re:
ISurrajr HJU HoteL -
CHICAGO NEWS ETANDS:
Ehfman Hotuw; P. O. Ncwi Co.; Great Northern Hctel;
yi nnoct Hou«; Auditorium Hotel. •
WASHINGTON <n. C.» OFKICE....1-KW C fit., >\ "W.
3XOHTOX E. C RAVE, Correnpondrnt.
IIIM\< !l OFFICES— s27 Montgomery, corner of CJay. epen
:;•:'.; S:J3 o'clock. S^ IIa)'M, cp«rn until S:30 o'clock. CSZ
McA!!ii»t«-. o[«i until S:30 o'clock. €13 Larkln. open until
. S:» o'clock. 1*41 Mission. <jp*>n until 10 o'clock. 23C1 Market,
corner fiixtp<r;th. or*>n until 8 o'clock. VM VaJencia, open
until i o'clock. HA Eleventh, open until S o'clock. NW. cor
ner Tw«-ntr-»econil and K*ntuckr. open until * o'clock.
AXTJSEHEOTS.
Alr&zar— "A PoKl^r of the Empire."
Columbia — "Quo Vadi»." •
TJvoll— "L* Gioconda."
/...'.. r.-.i ra — "Brown'i In Town."
California— We«t'B Minstrel*.
Orj.'h*um— Vaudeville.
Grand Opera-houBe— "Madame Sans Gene. '
Grand Opera -hou»e— Maurice Grau Opera Company. Mon
day rvenlns, Xovexnber 12.
Olympia. corner Mason and Eddy streets— Epeclaltlea.
Chute*. Zoo and Theater— Vaudevill* every afternoon and
•v?r.ln«.
Fischer* *— Vaudeville.
Eherman-Clay Hall-Grand Floral Exhibit. Thursday, Octo
ber 2i. #¦
Kutro Battle — Open nights.
Aguinaldo, it is said, is preparing for a great coup.
Perhaps he has been reading, the signs ot the times
and is going to tell us in advance what will happen
to his friend from Nebraska on November 6.
It is a striking proof of the man's blind vanity that
in this very hour when his former followers are de
serting and condemning him in this city he goes forth
to stump the State as an aspirant for the United
State Senate. He is dreaming of higher honors even
v.hile his former friends are arranging to loot his
enmp and divide the spoils. Similar examples of
rocket reformers may be found in other cities, but the
annals of San Francisco furnish none. Phelan is the
first of the kind in this city, and the Democratic toast
13, "May we never have anot t i»r."
Upon every issue that has arisen he has gone wrong
and has blundered in the -going. He has sacrificed
the municipality to the Democratic "push" and yet
he has offended the push itself. He has even alienated
the organ that in former days used to uphold him as
the model Mayor. From one end of the Democratic
camp to the other he is derided, mocked at, flouted
and denounced.
That the Democratic party is fickle has long been
known, but in this case the blameis not wholly upon
the party. Phelan in office has been a complete fail
ure. His promises of municipal improvement under
the new charter administered by him have proven to
be as futile as were Bryan's predictions of calamity in
1896. He has used all the powers of his office to build
himself up, and yet so incapable is he that everything
hf has done to advance his political fortunes has had
the opposite effect. Hardly anywhere can be found
such an example of a man making a political bank
ruptcy so completely and so quickly by the very
means he took to make his political fortune.
This year all is changed. Pnelan is utterly discred
ited. No pne admits himself to be a supporter of the
Phelan administration. No one asks for support be
cause he is or even was a friend of Phelan. It is all
the other way. Democracy as represented by its can
didates- is anything rather -than a Phelan party.
Every one of its candidates dodges Phelanism with
as much vigor as Bryan dodges the ice trust question.
One year ago Phelan held the Democratic conven
tion in the hollow of his hand; he virtually dictated
every nomination it made; he arranged the slate and
was chief party to even- deal and bargain that was
agreed upon in making it up. The nominees did not
disclaim his power. They boasted of it. They went
before the voters • loudly proclaiming themselves
"Phelan/ s choice." They asked supporj upon "the
ground that Phelan had picked them out as men
whom he could rely upon to carry out his policies and
administer their offices according to his programme.
The people have notoriously short memories in
politics, and yet most San Francisco voters can re
ci.ll how eagerly every Democratic candidate last
year declared himself a Phelan man, how.' earnestly,
each of them insisted that his nomination had been
given to him because it was known he was a friend of
Phelan. They can therefore note the extent and com
pleteness of the change that has come over the Demo
cratic camp when they observe this year an equal
e^gerntss to repudiate Phelan and an equal earnest
re'ss in denying that he had any control of theforces
that nominated them.
THE PASSING OF PHELflN. ; ;; 3
— — — • , . .
ONE of the significant features of the local cam
paign is. the change in the attitude' of the
Democratic stalwarts toward " Phelan. > One
year ago his name was potent enough to conjure with,
and every Democratic candidate. of that time used it
for that purpose. New the name of Phelan is a
hoodoo, and every Democratic candidate in this con
test is trying day and night to keep it from falling like
a blight upon his 'canvass.
CHARLESTON NEWS A2«D COUR
IER—In every community unmitigated
cads and boors often make their way into
society and are tolerated there because of
some circumstance, such as wealth, name
or position, and rudeness and vulgarity
are tob'dften seen In women who should
otherwise be entitled'to the respect- and
admiration of 'the mibllc. On the other
hand we meet with, the truest courtesy
and consideration from men and women
who have no social position, but who have
been gifted by nature with gentle instinct*
and with kind hearts and wno are Innate
ly gentlemen and ladles in the. trues:
sense of those . terms, however humble
their positions and occupations may be.
NEW YORK MAIL AND EXPRESS^-
Bryanism holds that money is created by
law and not by labor; Republicanism
holds that it is created by labor and not
by law. Bryan contends" that the way to
maintain the stability of the dollar la to
destroy 50 per cent of Its value and coin
unlimited silver dollars, just as rapidly as
the bullion can be dug out of the earth;
while Republican statesmanship Insists
that the way. to maintain the stability of
the dollar is to make sure that it shall be
always equal to and exchangeable for 100
cents' worth of the best money in use
among the great commercial nations of
the world.
. .PHILADELPHIA NORTH AMERICAN
—The* hardest, problem for Great Britain
to. solve in: her new colonies Is how to
make her Dutch subjects loyal and con
tented. 1 ¦• It may take generations to wipe
out the sense of wrong 1 they have suf
"fared. and even then It cannot be accom
plished without infinite tact in dealing
with' the race question. Little can be
done by the mere use of superior force
but to keep th© two States In a condition
of dormant rebellion.
FLORIDA TIMES-UNION — Let as
leave Europe to build up her own defense
against the "yellow terror," even If her
militarism sinks her to the bottom of the
industrial abyss— these may be our neigh
bors in the Samaritan sense, but we have
preached unto them and they would not
listen; we have taught by precept and
example, but they would not heed. Now.
Europe must "gang her gait and dree her
weird"— we cannot bury ourselves to save
her funeral expenses.
BOSTON TRANSCRIPT— "We have ex
ercised great influence in the councils of
the nations on the China question: we
have been consulted by other govern
ments, which In many cases, notably that
of Germany, have modified their pro
gramme In accordance with bur su?gc9
tiDns. .In- all- these councils the United.
States has been a respected equal, and it
has never sought to be anything 1 more.
PHILADELPHIA NORTH AMERI
CAN—The. United States should. acquire
at any price not absurdly extravagant,
not only the Danish group but all ths
other islands of the West Indies that can
be bought. The "West Indies are virtually
a part of the North American continent
and the possession of any one of the
Islands by a European power Is a mili
tary menace ,to the United States.
CHICAGO TIMES-HERALD-The ten
dency of the entire public school system
In all the cities is toward topheavlne.j=«.
The foundations are being neglected in
order to erect an imposing and ornate e^
ucational spire. Big salaries are paid for
teaching the ornamental and nones?ent!al
branches of education. The secondary
schools are sapping the Ufeblood of our
common school system.
CHICAGO TRIBUNE — Mr. Bryar.
more reckless of public opinion than the
party chiefs of other days, recognizes
Croker as the party leader in the State of
New York. Why he does so 13 no mys
tery. He cannot be elected with the as
sistance of decent men and he throws
himself into the arms of that man who is
loathed by all honest, self-respecting
Americans.
• BALTIMORE AMERICAN— The your*
man is safe in this land — safer now than
he ever was before. Prosperity such as
this country has enjoyed for three years
past and will continue to enjoy under Re
publican rule means to him plenty of em
ployment and abundant business opportu
nities. It is useless for Croker and Bryan
to try to frighten him. ¦ The young man
is not a fool.
BROOKLYN EAGLE— So far the only
method of destruction for the mosquito
is the gigantic one of drying up ail
swamps and damp places and the prosale
and futile old scheme of slapping him
after he has bitten. The scientists may
conquer malaria, but wo fear that tfcey
will not find a substitute for the palir.
of the hand as a mosijulto killer for sonvi
time.
INDIANAPOLIS JOURN'AL-Gorernor
Roosevelt was right '•when he told hl3
audience at Louisville that Bryan'^Tn
means Crokerlsm in New York. A!tgeirfi.«ra
in Illinois and Goebellsm Jn Kentucky.
CHICAGO TRIBUNE— Pcop'.e go to po
litical meetings. to- see an<l be entertained
raiher.than toJlnd QUt the truth. Tfco.
speaker who has a large audience mus:
not flatter himself that he is going to
make converts.
CLEVELAND PLAIN DEALER— The
number of those who judge men and
measures for themselves and are disposer!
to act on tnelr o-srn judgment was -never
so large in a Presidential campaign as at
the present time.
CHICAGO CHRONICLE— It were not TH
for the manners of the land If all count
of record more firmly maintained a rea
sonable respect for symbols and appear
ance This may be done without, oppres
sion and with entire deference to our dem
ocratic institutions.
ATLANTA CONSTITUTION— An Intel
ligent people will always have a hall of
fame of its own. There is only one point
established by the event, and that Is that
the opinion of a college president even 1j
often no better than that of one or h;i
most unpretentious freshmen. '•••-
BOSTON JOURNAL— If George Wash
ington were alive to-day he would hea^
words of burning reproach upon the shal
low politicians who invoke his great nama
falsely for disarming the nation and
thereby robbing it of what Washington
one hundred and ten years ago warned
his people was "on? of the^pnost effectual
means of preserving peace."
Views 7 of; the Press
on Topics of the
Times.
UP-TO-DATE
EDITORIAL
UTTERANCE
ceives in ; Bryan's influence' in our politics a positive
menace to the welfare of all. This plank of the Kan
sas City platform may not be an issue now, but it
r would be a big issue if there were any. chance of
Bryan's* success.
DEMOCRATIC JURIST OF NEBRASKA
OPPOSES THE CANDIDACY OF BRYAN
JudgeW.D. McHugh Cannot Support the Cham
pion of "Free Silver/ Free Riot and
----- —--^ FVee "Every thing." ~
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, OCTOBER 24, 1900.
A PROMINENT NEBRASKAN
WHO CONSIDERS UN
FIT FOR THE PRESIDENCY.
•; Admiral Dewey!s fame is .at lastjsecurel 'A success
ful -,¦ racehorse oh the English . turf " has beehT named
afterhita' ' ¦ ;
i ' ¦'..: ¦¦ ¦'" ' , ' . ¦ . . - •¦ ."¦"
CALIFORNIANg IN NEW YORK.
NEW YORK, I Oct.. 23.— From San Fran
cisco—J. , B. Budd is at the Navarre ; H.
J. Clntz is at the Hoffman; Mrs. Dunning
and Miss Dunning are at the . Navarre;
W. LV Hounold- and wife are at'-' the Im
perial; > Miss ¦ E.*; Lindley^ and Mrs. Sob
mindell are at . the Holland ; Mrs. Belasco
Is at : the . Bossmore ; C. M. ¦¦ Curtis Is at
the Imperial ; B. - M. -. Gunn and ; wife are
at: the Holland; T. Osmont Is at the Nor
mandle. ,
.From ' Los AngeTes— W. B. ; Cllne is • at
the -Earllhgton;- L.- A. ; Phillips and. wife
are- at: the .Manhattan;; L. J. Fairchild,
Miss G. Hatch and F. : Singleton are at
the. Savoy. . .>< .
CALIFOBNIANS IN WASHINGTON
WASHINGTON, Oct. 23.— Misses M." and
E. - Elchemendy, : : Miss * A." ; L. % Arronde and
Miss E. A..Mestay of Los Angeles are a*,
the Rlggs.y ' ¦/./_}.-]' '.¦: ¦¦¦[¦. :'"¦.-. '¦'¦ ¦¦:¦>",'
&2*SWERS TO CORRESPONDENTS.
ENGLISH 'CROWN S-^J., Oakland, Cal.
English, crowna minted during the reign
of .Charles II are offered by dealers at
prices. varying from $2 50 to 13, according
to • perf ectness of condition.- Crowns Is
sued during the reign of Queen Anne may
be purchased from dealers at- from V 50
to $3. That Elves an Idea of the market
value of such coins. aB^gaa
6
Cal. glace fruit SOc per tt> at Townsend's.*
Special information supplied • daily to
business houses and public men bv the
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's). 510 Mont-
gomery St.. Telephone Main IDC. •
TJie Department of Agriculture and
Commerce of Japan predicts a splendid
rice crop this year, the average crop betas
1M.S34.29O bushels. . B
AUCTION SALES.
B7 FulUvan & iv>y)^_ This day, at 11 o'clock. Horses. Wa-
pona; etc., at ZZi Sixth etif-et.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Thin Babies
often, develop into weak,
delicate, backward children;
undersized, nervous, feeble,
idults. Lack of nourish'-,
ment is the cause. 1 .7. f * : ;.
is- the remedy. A little of
it three or four times a day
will do wonders; The
pinched, sad faces become
round and rosy; the wasted
limbs plump and firm. .If
your baby is not doing well,
try this great food -medicine.
" *" i v&-*ad$t.oo,-«Udrafpka, • ¦ • .
HOTEL DEL, CORONADO-Famous for golf ,
hunting, * fishing, -j scenery, :. cuisine, \ perfect cli-
mate and the social position and ; culture of its
patrons."? At ' 4 New , Montgomery, at.' or ta Mar-
ket - st, { city,. get Information : and : rates.' ' ., . '"Carmen" at the Tivoli.
The TIvoll Opera-house was again
crowded last night to its utmost capacity
to hear the Carmen of Collamaiini and
her excellent supporting cast.
One may write, and never be done writ-
Ing, on the tempting subject of Collama
rini's Carmen, while there is really nought
to say, save that "she is it," absolutely
and without reserve, and that M. Grau
has a large order in the contract to fur
nish us with an equal genius at fourteen
times the price in the coming season with
the Metropolitan Opera Company.
In the smaller parts Miss Sannle Kru
ger and Miss Gertrude Hopkins, as Fras
quita and Mercedes, both comparatively
new-comers to the TIvoll, are showing a
noteworthy and steady progress. Remen
dado is only indifferently well done by
Arthur Messmer, and the spoken interpo
lations, of Mr. Schuster, who is not by
any means at his best in the role of II
Dancario, come always with an unpleas
ant shock. Russo Improves on acquaint
ance with his Don Jose role, and Nicollnl
always pleases as Zuniga.
To-night "La Gloconda" will be the bill.
While endeavoring to dodge a passing
buggy at Golden Gate avenue and Larkin
street yesterday Arnold Frosstrom, a
painter, residing, at 538 Birch avenue, nar
rowly escaped death by impalement on the
shaft of the vehicle.
Frosstrom was coming down Golden
Gate avenue, and when he reached Lar
kln street found the street blocked with
traffic. In endeavoring to escape being
run over by. the heavier wagons and »treet
cars Frosstrom. seemingly confused, ran
directly Into a buggy driven by H. L.
Jones, an employe of Spauldlng*s Carpet
Cleaning Manufactory.
Before Jones could swing his horse out
of the way Frosstrom had collided with it.
The shaft pierced his body. He was as
sisted to his feet by Alfred Dixon, a news
paper man, and later removed to the Re
ceiving Hospital. There it was found that
the buggy shaft had entered his body Just
above the left collarbone and penetrated
several inches Into the pleural cavity,
probably into the lung cavity.
Jones was arrested and charged with
battery. He was taken to the Central Sta
tion by Sergeant Duncan. He was re
leased last night on $50 ball.
Pierces a Painter's Chest*
Narrowly Missing the
Lung Cavity.
Peculiar Accident Befalls Ar
nold Fro^strom While Trying
to Dodge Passing Vehicles
on Crowded Crossing.
BUGGY SHAFT
NEARLY CAUSES
UNTIMELY END
Central Club Democrats Meet.
Democrats of the Central Club met in
Write for new'. Illustrated catalogue ot watch
es, J Jewelry, silverware."-:' 1 . Invaluable ' to '¦ out-of
town purchasers.' : Hammersmith ft Field. * '
Police Commissioners Meet
!. The Police Commissioners held a meet
ing i last night at their ; rooms in ; the Hall
of - JuBtloe.^ Outside « of the ; granting and
renewal • of liquor licenses ' no , business of
any importance , was transacted.
Evans' Ale and Stout
Are bottled as carefully as . they are brewed.
No risk In orderlr».from nearest (Sealer. •
Handball Tournament.
Entries for the championship handball
tournament to be played In November un
der the auspices of the Olympic Club
have closed. They are as follows: A. C '
Hampton, James A. "White, W.- A. Jia
gulre, E. Curley, R. Llnnehan, M. J. Kill
gallon. Joe Collins, J.Harlow, John Rlor
dan, Charles A. Sullivan and J. C. Nea^
Ion. IHilllll ill 'IflfBMM
Insane Man ; Identified.
The unknown man who ..was arrested
and charged * with insanity last Monday
has ; been * Identified as Henry Johnson.
Johnson has been * engaged as a street
sweeper for ' the i city for some • time. He
will be examined by the Commissioners of
Insanity. ;•.•-¦ * v '
Will Work for MacBeth.
L.. H. Cosper.iwhb has , withdrawn from
his independent candidacy for Assembly
man from the Thirty-ninth District, de
nies that he is or has ever been a Demo
crat, and asserts that he will work for
the election of Frank - D. MacBeth/ the
regular Republican candidate, for Assem
blyman.: : .^ ¦
Abbie Hose Wood to Appeal.
Abbie Rose Wood was denied a new trial
by Judge Belcher yesterday of her action
to recover $10,000 under a pre-nuptial con
tract entered into between herself and her
late husband, Joseph M. Wood. Judge
Belcher decided that Mrs. Wood could not
enforce the contract, as he was of opinion
that - her marriage • to .Wood,-'- which oc
curred within one year from the date of
her divorce, was illegal. An appeal will
be taken to the Supreme Court.
ST. BRIGH>S FAIR
CLOSES WITH CONCERT
Call Won Voting Contest for Most
Popular Paper, With Votes
to Spare.
St. Brigid's fair, held for the three
weeks la*t past at Mechanics' Pavilion,
closed last night. The ladies gave yester
day afternoon a high tea and promenade
concert that proved a great success. Mrs.
Frank Tillman had charge of the refresh
ment booth and served an elaborate
lunch. She was assisted by Mrs. Barron,
Mrs. Welch, Miss Barbee ti Miss Lizzie
Welch, Miss Green and Mrs. E. J. Barry.
Those who assisted during the afternoon
were: Miss Bessie Green. Miss Ruby
Cunningham. Miss Madden, James Dolan
and Billy Hynes. The concert closed
about 5 o'clock.
In the evening all the bric-a-brac and
merchandise that had not been sold .was
auctioned off. The various voting con
tests also brought in lots of money.' In
the newspaper contest for the most popu
lar paper. The Call was the favorite,
winning by a big margin. . The fail* closed
shorUy b«for« 11 and everybody^ went
home with the assurance that the bazaar
was one of the most popular affairs or
this kind ever held here.
BAKER, MANSION BOUGHT BY
WATER MAGNATE DINGEE
Purchase Price Is $75,000, and as
Much More Will Be Spent in
Remodeling.
The Baker mansion at the northeast
corner of Franklin and Washington
streets has been purchased by William J.
Dingee, the Oakland water magnate, for
$75,000. Mr. Dlngee will make it his future
home, and will spend a small fortune in
refitting and remodeling his new purchase.
The Baker residence contains four floors.
According to the plans for remodeling
these floors will contain thirty-two rooms.
The rooms and hallways will be finished
in hardwood, principally mahogany, and
black walnut.
Th© announcement of the purchase set
tles for the time being the gossip about
Mr. Dingee's Intentions in regard to the
rebuilding of the Fernwood house, which
was burned a year ago. The grounds will
be kept up. however. •
Father Huntingdon Speaks.
BERKELET, Oct. 23.— Father James O.
8. Huntington* superior of the Order of
the Holy Cross of the Episcopal c.hurch,
lectured before the students of the his
tory and political economy classes of the
State University this afternoon in the ob
servatory lecture-room. His subject was
"Personal Experiences - In Tenement
Houses and. Among Coal Strikers.*' • The
speaker was attired in the cassock of his
order. . > • . _ ' '
For twelve years Father Huntington
lived and worked among ¦ the' tenement
houses in New York. He worked with
them until the people took him into their
confidence, and he knows perhaps-; better
than any other man their life and modes
of living.
The Native Sons are putting themselves
on record as strongly favoring the- Stan
ford University constitutional amend
ment. Resolutions in its support have
recently been adopted by the Grand Par
lor and by all the San Francisco parlors
that have met since they were drafted.
From the Inception of Stanford Univer
sity the Native Sons have manifested a
deep' Interest In its welfare. The order
passed commendatory resolutions at the
time of the founding of the institution
and prominent members were active in
securing the passage at Sacramento of
the amendment which is to be voted upon
at the general election.
The following committees appointed for
the purpose of investigating the neces
sity of the constitutional amendment met
on October 16 in Native Sons' Hall:
Stanford Parlor No. 7^-Wl" T laln F " Hum "
chrey. president, and Fred H. Jung.
California Parlor No. 1— Dr. Charles W.
r*ek"r? p£«ld*m: WlHJam D. Hobro Jr. and
E -pS n p?rUr No. X0-Walter E Do™ presi
dent; Daniel A. Ryan and John T. Graney.
Xiantic Parlor No. M5— Donxel Stoney. presl-
FINANCE COMMITTEE
RESOLVES GORGEOUSLY
Declares for Miles of Repaying and
Hasn't Enough Money to
Build Short Sewer.
The finance committee of the Board of
Supervisors, with an . offhand liberality
that comes only about election time, when
sidetracked promises are generally, called
to mind,, yesterday adopted a resolution
favoring the expenditure of a fortune in
improving downtown streets and imme
diately thereafter resolved against the
building of a few hundred yards of sewer
in the Potrero because no money could
be located with which do the work.
The committee reported in • favor of
Reed's resolution, pledging the board to
appropriate the sum of $100,000 out of tfie
excess revenues to repave accepted streets
in the downtown district. The resolution
declares it the- intention of the board to
remove all cobblestones in the district in
accordance with the pledges made before
election. According to the City Attorney's
opinion the money will not be available
until the beginning of the next fiscal year
and the resolution is simply a declaration
of intention to set It aside at that time.
The committee directed the Treasurer
to nie a list of all unre«»1stered demands
paid during the month of July. This is a
preliminary step in the investigation de
manded by Supervisor McCarthy, whose
salary demand for June still remains un
paid, though It was registered.. The char
ter provides that registered demands shall
take precedence in payments by the
Treasurer.
The petition for the extension of Potrero
avenue sewer to Army street was denied
on account of lack of funds.
versity, is In Jeopardy owing to the ln»ufHclency
of the Btate constitution and the enabling" act
under which the university was founded, be It
Resolved, Th.-tt we. In support of the cause
of education and In accordance with the prin
ciples of our organization and In furtherance
of the irreat work begun by one of our pioneers,
t»conim«nd the adoption of the proposed Stan
ford University constitutional amendment,
which remedies and confirms the endowment
grants and secures the vast endowment for the
public good forever.
This resolution was approved yesterday
by the officers of the Grand Parlor and
the names of R. C. Rust, grand president,
and Henry Lunstedt, grand secretary,
with the seal of the Grand Parlor, were
affixed.
The following parlors — all that have met
since October 16 — have approved the reso
lution:
Ftanford Parlor No. 76, Pacific Parlor No. 10,
Nlantlc Parlor No. 105, Minslon Parlor No. 38,
Rlncon Parlor No. 72. Bay City Parlor No. 104,
California Parlor No. 1, El Dorado Parlor No.
62. Alcatraz Parlor No. 145. Army and Navy
Parlor No. 207 and San Francisco Parlor No. 43.
dent, aad FInlay Cook, secretary.
These committees drafted the following
resolution.
Whereas, One of the greatest benevolences of
modern times, the endowment of Stanford Uni-
CONSTITUTIONAL AMENDMENT
APPROVED BY NATIVE SONS
Officers of the Order Will Aid Leland Stan
ford Jr. University.
Pythian Castle last night and listened to
a long address by Porter Ashe. The can
didate for Congress from the Fourth Con
gressional District told his hearers what
he would do if elected to the office for
which he aspires.
Others who addressed the club were
Robert Main, Thomas J. . Hickey and the.
Rev. C. W. Smith of Stockton. f
BOBS WOMAN WITH
WHOM HE HAD ELOPED
S. A. Fridley Charged With Grand
Larceny by Mrs. Emma
' Redcay.
Mrs. Emma Redcay. 2S1 Minna Btreet.
swore to a complaint In Judge Frits's
court yesterday for the arrest of S. A.
Fridley and Mrs. Mary Strlckler on the
charge of grand larceny. The warrant is
the outcome of an elopement from Kansas
City about five months ago. Mrs. Redcay
eloped with S. A. Fridley, who worked for
her husband, a blacksmith, in that city.
They came to this city and were followed
by the outraged husband. He found them
here, and Fridley attacked him and was
arrested for battery. The case was not
prosecuted. Fridley, it is charged In
the complaint, on learning that Mrs.
Redcay was desirous of going back to her
husband, broke open her trunk and took
$550 in greenbacks, which Mrs. Redcay
had taken from her husband at the time
of the elopement. Fridley left the city
and the husband and /wife have been liv
ing together here since. - It was learned a
few days ago that Fridley had returned to
the city, and the husoand and wife deter
mined to nave him' arrested and punished
for stealing the money. Mrs. Strlckler, in
whose house they lived at th<| time the
money was stolen, was made a party to
the offense. K
RETAIL CXERKS" HOLD
ENTHUSIASTIC MEETING
I/iterature to Be Sent Out Calling
Public Attention to Early Clos
ing Bequest.
The members of the Retail Clerks' As
sociation held an enthusiastic meeting
last night in Red Men's Hall. The attend
ance was very large and when Chairman
A. E. Rowe called the members to order
every Mat in the hall was taken. Ten
new members were Initiated and orders
were given to the printing committee tc
act on their own responsibility In refer
ence to publishing literature calling the
general public's attention to the associa
tion's early closing request.
The clerks have now a membership of
more than 250 and they hope before an
other month to have a roll of over a thou
sand enlisted In the good cause.
During the evening tne meeting was ad
dressed by members of various labor
councils. A. J. Salisbury, representing the
Barbers' Union, was listened to with
great interest and enforced on the retail
clerks the great duty of standing togeth
er. Th« speaker paid The Call a glowinsj
tribute. The union that he was a member
of advertised in it. appreciating It as a
valuable medium for advertising their
meetings. He commended its' strong sup
port of all labor movements. The mem
bers were also addressed by a delegation
from the Typographical Union.
Barbers Winning Their Point.
The members of the Barbvs' Union held
a meeting at their headquarters on Eddy
etreet last night, and some most im
portant business was transacted. Com
mittees that had been appointed to visit
the proprietors - of the various shops in
the «ity reported that they were meeting
with most satisfactory results. They
stated that nearly all the prominent shops
in the city would on and after December
1 conduct their establishments on union
lines. ¦'¦¦S'-\-x£.y-}" i '7'-y' ¦
She Was a Good Girl, but TJnkind
ness Drove filer to Despond
ency ' and Self-
Jturd'ex.
Miss Mildred Hinckley, the 16-year-old
school-girl who committed suicide in
Golden Gate Park last Monday by taking:
carbolic acid, was nagged and scolded to
death. ..
According to the testimony at the In
quest held by Coroner Colo yesterday the
poor girl was between two fires. She was
forced by- her mother, whose voice Is
clear and. sharp, to collect alimony of ?6
per week from her father, and in doing
so she endured the taunts and reproaches
of her father's relatives. Mildred had
been attending the Horace Mann' School,
and failed to pass the examination for
promotion last June. In order to avoid
the inevitable scolding she told her aunt
that she had been promoted. She brooded
over this, fearing detection, and over
other matters of family discord until. In
her helplessness and desperation, she de
stroyed herself. A constant attendant at
the Emmanuel Baptist Church, she took
great Interest In the Sunday-school and
in all other matters affecting the church,
and was in all respects a good, well
behaved girl.
Coroner Cole performed an act of laud
able justice when he announced that the
autopsy proved that the unfortunate girl
had led a pure life.
According to the mother's testimony
the father threatened that he would have
Mildred put in the Magdalen Asylum
because she had told her greataunt a
lie about her promotion. This threat
made the girl miserable and despondent.
She never Intimated to any of her girl
friends that she contemplated making
away with herself. On the contrary, she
always seemed to them cheerful and
happy.
Mildred's greataunt is Mrs. A. B.
Forbes of the corner of Sacramento and
Laguna streets. She was formerly Sallie
Hinckley, a popular actress, many years
ago. Mrs. Forbes had promised to send
Mildred to the Cogswell Polytechnic
School If she succeeded In getting pro
moted at the Horace Mann School, and It
was this, together with shame at her
failure and the fear of reproaches, that
induced Mildred to tell Mrs. Forbes a
falsehood.
The jury returned a verdict that de
spondency was the cause of the girl's
suicide.
Coroner Cole remarked that the next
Legislature should pass a law to prohibit
the indiscriminate sales of such cheap
and deadly poisons as carbolic acid except
upon the prescription of a reputable
physician. -
Mildred Hinckley's Suicide
Caused by Warring
Relatives.
THOUGHT DEATH
PREFERABLE TO
BEING NAGGED
THE SAN FRMCISCO CALIi, WEDNESDAY, OCTOBER 24, 1900.
7
AMUSEMENTS.
COLUMBSA .^
Last 4 Nights. Matinee Saturday.
The Great Whltney-Knowles
QUO VADIS
THE STUPENDOUS SUCCESS !
THE ALL-IMPOSING PRODUCTION!
Last Performance Saturday Night.
BEGINNING
NEXT MONDAY—
"The thought that she cares for me makes
rainbows in my eyes when I wink 'em."
STUART la Augustus Thoaus'
R.O15SON Con«iy Triumph.
OLIVER GOLDSMITH
WITH THIS MATCHLESS CAST:
John E. Henshaw. Stephen Grattan. H. A.
Weaver St.. Beaumont Smith. Frank Robins.
Jaires Grant. Bert Washbum, Maud White.
Jeffreys Lewis, Ellen Mortimer. May Ten
Broeck, Joseph P. Winter, O. E. Hallam, Clif-
ford Leigh and 20 others.
SEATS READY TO-MORROW MORNING
AT 9 O'CLOCK.
*TIVOL1*
TWO SENSATIONAL TRIUMPHS!!
TO-NIGHT. Friday Evening, Saturday
Matinee.
"LA GI0C0NDA."
SIGNORINA BARBARESCHI.
SIGNOR CASTELLANO.
Ferrari, Nlcolinl. Lucentl. Poletlni. Graham.
"CARlEN."
Thursday, Saturday, Sunday Xlghts,
The Great Diva COLLAMARINI as '•Carmen."
Rusao. Balassa, Repetto, Nlcollnl.
~ Schuster, etc.
POPULAR PRICES— 25c and SOc—
TO-MORROW AFTERNOON AT 3.
GRAND SYMPHONY CONCERT
Direction of
MAX HIRSHFELD ORCHESTRA OF W.
A Superb Programme Will Be Presented.
Seats on sale at Sherman, Clay & Ca's and
Tlvoll box office. Prices. 75c. $1. U SO.
___ , , , _—
MATINEE TO-DAY (WEDNESDAY), OCT M.
Parquet. 25c, Any Seat; Balcony, 10c; Children.
s 10c. Any Part.
A REALLY SWELL BILL.
GEORGE EVANS, LES FRASET-
TIES, WORLD AND HASTINGS,
BLANCHE RING, LIZZIE B.
RAYMOND, EDGAR ATCHISON-
EIjY, RATJSCHELE, TWIN SIS-
TERS HALE,
Last Week of
THE GREAT EVERHART.
ALF. ELLINGHOUSE Prop, and Manarer
PHONE SOUTH 770
EVERY EVENING THIS WEEK.
MATINEE SATURDAY. -
—The Same Truthful Story Prevails
Tha Greatest of all Farce Comedies.
BROWN'S
in TO WN I
. With the Original Company.
POPULAR PRICES:
EVENING 15c. 25c, 35c, JiOc and 77>e
MATINEE 15c. 25c, 35c and 5Oc"
Next Sunday Afternoon
THE WORLD BEATER,
a^ lft KlNg OFTHE OPIUM RING
EVERY NIGHT THIS WEEK.
MATINEE SATURDAY AND SUNDAY.
Howard Hall's Romantic Drama,
A Soldier of
the Empire !
A~- very much better piece of work than
the English melodrama. "The Great Ruby."—
"Call."
NEXT WEEK— NORTHERN LIGHTS.
GRAND FLORAL EXHIBIT.
CALIFORNIA STATETLORAL SOCIETY
SHERMAN, CLAY & CO. *S HALL,
223 SUTTER STREET.
THURSDAY, FRIDAY AND SATURDAY,
October 25. 28. 27 (Day and Evening).
17TQPH17R'^ CONCERT HOUSE.
ridV/ilibn D Admission »O 3 .
-Beatrice Franco, Jose Torres Ovando, Lu-
nette. Antcnio Vargas, Cesare AUesandronI.
Sylvia Puerari and the Leons. ;
¦ . Reserved' Eeats.V 25c; ¦ Matinee Sunday.
V- 8UTRO Ba-THS.
. . . . —OPEN NIGHTS
OPEN DAILY FROM 7" A. M: to 11 P. M.
BATHINQ FROM 7 A. M. TO 1O P. M.
ADMISSION 10c' CHILDREN 5c
Baching, Including; Admission, tac; Children 20c.
ON AND AFTER . MONDAY. OCT. 29. 1300,
THE 8UTRO BATHS CLOSE AT C P. 1L
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Good
Things
otv
Every
Hacrvd !
P!\ CaJke
r teste 3 better ¦when
f /*^£^e£sL made -with White
& l*2®Cottolene. its
S~-*~JP/^ neutral quality in-
/ f^~^ sures best results.
/¦'/ Try White Cottolene in place
f / of butter (using one -third
/ less) and see how pleased
Fried fl
Chicken tj
is delicious when
White Cottolene •'* fit .fi, A
the frying medium. <SmR3m2S*
The delicate flavor
of the meat is brought s^>/\
out to the fullest extent
mm^. The most delicate \
BBS, stomach will relish it. \
Vf Croquettes
<*^v W^ are the daintiest
mi**sfiffif9rr~~> productions of pru-
housewives.
jlSs^v^^ They make the
/\£~^ surplus items that
/ f would otherwise be
y / turned into hash a delect-
• / able delicacy — provided they
not spoiled in ' frying, -^m*
** White Cottolene adds a
wholesome savor. FH
Fried <H
Potatoes |H
are always staple -^'j.j-^t,
and might as well
be appetizing hnd >^O—^
tasty as not. All \ '
that is necessary to have a \ \
dish acceptable to all kinds \ |
of stomachs is to use White \ I
Cottolene. * M
WHITE
COTTOLENE
Is the Ideal cooking fat. It b superior to
butter and lard not only because of its vege-
table oil being more readily assimilated by i
the stomach, but particularly as it adds a zest
to the appetite. ; It is peculiarly adapted to
bringing out the delicate flavors of all articles.'
It is a boon to all who love good things to eat
and cannot assimilate anything but vegetable
fats. It furnishes at least one instance where
the most healthful way of preparing food is
at the same time the most appetizing. ¦ Prom- •
ment J cobles, chefe \ and physicians every-
where use It in preference to any other short*
ening or frying medium.
¦¦¦ - .
....... ...
¦The N.K.Falrbank Company, ,
:, Chicago-Sole Manufacturers, .
malted fire* to ocr mlilin— Woe
one Zotanp we will send fra* our
123 para recipe book, " Hoai
Helpfc/'odttod dj Mrs. Sorer. -_-—>•
g^U~^ l-.-V-.-V-.-.'.'-.-.-.y. e "'f:_' ; _ J__ __ ¦ Hal*^^ n
: ¦ ; ¦ — — — ; : *
• \ •.-¦¦-.••.. . :•. ¦ . •>
pcrempioi y iraue saie i^^^^M
another turn of the wheel of economies [livk
brings rare good fortune for those of our wAW^y^^^^^^^^^^^m
customers with blankets to buv. \wmf^^^^^^^^ <^^^/M *
To-day starts the selling of several hundred pairs SJ|///|iU^^^ y^/^ffl
of white, gray and mottled blankets from the recent ¦/////Iflfi^ |
peremptory trade sale of the Stockton woolen mills. %l\JlfJfW^^^/^^^
we bought and will sell them at about 75 C on the dol- W3&
lar of the regular prices, some of them are slightly dis- WIlWffffisM 5pF^.
colored or soiled, but the majority are clean, fresh and fu/nln//^^^^^^^^^^^.
perfect in even.- respect, the economies in this sale are Vn\mllJ$ffMW \N
as safe a?. they are 'sure, we went through the entire lot |ff/jfl^^^t^^^W'^^5®
very carefully and everything of uncertain value, every- WllSjf^^^^ C:::::::^^^^w! < %^^^^
thing that did not come up to our standard of merit, was W^^^^^^^^^^^V,'^™
rejected — sent back to the auction house to be resold to Bffll^\Cf^^^^?^^w
and now for the details — the more closely read the ¦
greater the interest — and the greater the interest the
more saving to you — it's a trade event that you should - *'^
take advantage of, as have we,
white wool blankets with pink and blue borders — -size 68x8o inches — the heavy
fleecy kind — full of comfort and service — value $6.oo per pair — trade sale price. . . .$4.39
white all-wool blankets — extra double-bed size, 76x84 inches — you'd cheerfully
pay $10.00 a pair for them if asked — trade sale price $7.00
gray mottled blankets, closely woven — very heavy — 66x80 inches — value $5.00 a
pair— trade sale price $3.85
gray blankets — size 56x78 inches — you'd wonder that so much blanket goodness
could be sold for so little money — trade sale price $1 .65 and $2.00
baby blankets with dainty pink and blue borders — made from carefully selected
fine, fluffy wool — silk bound — size 36x48 — per pair $2.00
white all-wool blankets with very handsome red, pink and blue borders— -silk bound
— 76x86 inches — per pair $1 0.00
white wool blankets — two sizes, 64x80 and 76x82 inches — the kind you'd expect to
pay $5.00 a pair for — trade sale price : $3.90
white blankets with pink and blue borders — all wool and carefully selected wool
at that — extra heavy — full of warmth and wear — a splendid $7.50 value — trade sale price
.........$6.00
gray blankets — a heavy wool article — 68x82 inches — good value at $5.00 a pair 1
trade sale price $3.95
gray wool blankets with fancy Jacquard borders — double-bed size — just the thing
to keep out the chill of these cool nights and mornings — trade sale price $3.75
cotton robe blankets— fancy figures and stripes^ — just the things for lounging and
bath robes — 58x74 inches — each , f , $1.25
Market etreet, near Sixth, opposite Golden Gate avenue.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
"jEocomobile"
Steam Motor Vehicles.
.Safest* Most
FASTEST! RELIABLE!
"J BRAKE TEST — Stopped within 6 feet, going at fuH speed.
REGOROS: r SPEED-! mile, 1 min. 6 sec$.| 10 miles, 20 mia. 20 se«».
] HILL CLIMBING-36 per cent grade.
Noise! llSlf J Od ° r!
SEND FOR CATALOGUE
THE " jEocomobile" COMPANY
of the Pacific,
OPEN EVENINGS. l255 MARKET STREET ' ****** B ™ ch -
OPEN EVENINGS. San Francisco. CaL 103 South Broadway.
AMTJSEHEjrrS.
PACKED AGAIN.
THI3 WEEK OXLT.
MATINEES THURSDAY AND SATURDAT.
WM. H. WEST'S
BIG MINSTREL
JUBILEE.
The Greatest Minstrel Organization That Ever
Visited San Francisco.
REPETITION OF THE GOLF STREET PA-
RADE FRIDAY.
Next Sunday Afternoon — A Massive Production
of the Greatest Russian Drama Tet Written.
"FOR HER^ SAKE."
SPECIAL, t
waltf:.- damkosch
la EXPLANATORY HECITALS AT TE5 FIASO.
October 31 "DAS RHXXNOOLjy*
November 3 "DIE WALKURE"
November 5.......... "SIEGFRIED"
November 7 "GOTTERDAMMERUXG"
Beaton Sale Xow en— Prices $S. 13.5ft
Single Sale Opens To-morrow Morning— Prices
J1.E0. II. 50 cents. Positively No Season Tickets
Sold After To-day.
MOROSCO'S
GRAND OPERA. MOUSE
Matinees Saturday and Sunday.
NEW BiltnvW ILaEa I PANY
ONLY THIS WEEK
Victorlen Sardou's Masterpiece,
MME. SANS GENE,
T. DANIEL. FRAWLET as NAPOLEON.
MARY VAN BUREN as MME. SANS GENE.
Next Week— "SECRET SERVICE."
EVENING PRICES loe. 15c. 25c SOc.
A Few Front Rows In Orchestra. 75c.
MATtNEE PRICES 10c. 13c. 25c, 5Oc-
Branch Ticket Office— Emporium.
GRAND OPERA SEASON
MAURICE GRAU OPERA CO.
From the Metropolitan Opera-house. New York.
Beginning Nov. 12th at
MOROSCO'S GRAND OPERA-HOUSE.
SALE OF SUBSCRIPTION SEATS begins
THURSDAY next. October 25th. at Sherman.
Clay & Co'«.
Prices for Season of 20 Performance*:
Orchestra and Dress Circle »10O
Back Rows of Orchestra SO
Family Circle »
Gallery 33
Proscenium Boxes, seatlnc t $1000 and 70O
Orchestra. Loses JSOO and 900
Balcony Boxes (Palcoe) seating 4, £00;
seating 5. $600: seatine 8 700
Applications for Boxes should be Immediately
addressed to MR. ALFRED BOUVIEit. ,
GRAND OPERA HOtTSE.
Single Nlsht Sale Opens November 7.
Price $3 to V
WEBER PIANO USED.
CHUTES AND Z00.*Z7i%£Z %
THE CONGO^ FAMILY,
BIG VAUDEVILLE SHOW!
TO-MORROW NIGHT -THE AMATEURS
AND LADIES* SACK AND OBSTACLE RACHL
Telephone for Seats Park 23.
i * J b I BJIJL PJ
PALACE AND
GRAND HOTELS ,
' Th« bent evidence of thm popalartty of
these hotels can be found In the continued
patronage of those who oa some previous
occasion have mad** them their head-
quarter* when visiting San Franelaco.
Connected by a covered passageway and
operated under one management oa the
American and European plan.
DR PIERCES
GOLDEN
MEDICAL
DISCOVERY
FOR THE
1 BLOOD.LIVER.LUMGS.
IfjjjL&H&B? INJECTION. <
rTpERMANENT CURE f
! i of the most obstinate caaes of Gonorrhoea P
J • and Gleet, enaranteed in from 3 to 6 <
• { days ; no other treatment required. S
i J Sold bv all druggists. >
1A/. T. MESS.
fiOTABT 7UBI.I3 >H3 ATT0SN3?-AT-laTT.
Tenth Floor, Room 1015. Claua Spreckais Bids.
. . Telephone Brown 931.
Residence. 821 California st.. below Powell.
. ,..¦-• San Francisco.
Weekly Call, $1 pep Year(1) 132 Inches. (2) llo^ Inches. (3) 1471%,
square yards. (4) 14 turns. (5) 346H square
8. A circular platform is 63 feet in diam
eter. Find the cost of painting It at 6
cents a square yard.
9. The area of a circle Is 2464 feet. Find
its circumference.
10. Find- the value of a circular field 91
rods in diameter at $112 an acre.
\'-/*.!^ Answers. '¦".•/'- ¦'..'[
1. Find the circumference of a circle the
diameter cf which Is 42 inches.
2. Find the diameter of a circle the cir
cumference of which Is 363 inches.
3. The circumference of a wheel is 4 feet
7 inches. How many yards forward will
it move in 963 full turns?
4. A wheel is 63 Inches in diameter. How
many complete turns will It make In 77
yards?
5. Find the area of a circle whose diam
eter is 21 feet.
6. The circumference of a circle is 82
feet 6 inches. Find the diameter.
7. The radiU3 of a circle Is 7 feet. Find
the area.
2 2 7
= 346%.
Exercises for Practice.
(101* X 10*4 X 22) -r- 7
= 21 X 21 X 22
The circumference then is 68 feet and the
area is one-quarter of 66 times 21, or
13S6 -j- 4, or 346^i square feet.
The area of a circle can be found also by
squaring the radius and multiplying the
result by 22 and dividing by 7.
Take the same example. The radius is
10»4 feet. Square this and multiply by 22
and divide by 7, and we have
(21 X 32) -i- 7 = 66
Suppose, for illustration, that the diam
eter of the circle ADB is 21 feet. Now, to
find the circumference we multiply by 22
and divide by 7.
City of Seattle Quarantined.
VANCOUVER. B. C. OcU 23.— The
steamer City of Seattle sailed this morn-
Ing for the Quarantine station at Wil •
liamhead, where she will remain four
teen days. Dr. McKechnle, the quaran
tine officer, expects more cases of small
pox to develop.
Fail to Recover the Dead.
EUREKA, OcU 23.— The efforts of par
ties dragging the bay for the bodies of
First Mate Chrlstensen and Landsman
George (full name unknown), who were
capsized and drowned here on Sunday
night, have been unsuccessful. The mud
dy bottom of Arcata Bay In the vicinity
of the accident has been dragged with
long sweep lines sinoe early yesterday.
Another party was added to the search
ers to-day. Captain Ohrlste.nsen of San
Ft-anclsco will arrive to-morrow to claim
the body of his son when It is found.
Full Pay.
VALLEJO. Oct. 23.— Captain Henry
Leonard of the marine corps was dis
charged from Mare Island hospital to-day
under orders to proceed East for retire
ment. Captain Leonard will be remem
bered as one of the heroes of Tientsin.
His departure was marked by a deafen
ing salute from the steam whistles in the
vicinity. Sergeant Joseph Adams also will
go East and be retired under full pay as
a reward for his bravery.
Elopement on Bicycles.
STOCKTON. Oct. iJ.— An "end of the
century" elopement has taken place at
Lodi. the participants being Charles Law
rence and Laura Ketford. neither of
them more than 15 years old. They rode
away on bicycles, the young man renting
a wheel from a local agent and the young
lady riding her own. They first went to
Franklin's place, near Woodbrldge. where
the girl expected to get employment. She
failed in that and then they came to
Stockton awheel, sold the bicycles to a
second-hand dealer and with the money
paid their passage to San Francisco,
where they are now believed to be. Ef
forts to locate them have failed.
Hero of Tientsin Ordered to Proceed
East for Retirement on
REWARD FOR BRAVERY
OF CAPTATN LEONARD
In a play of Shakespeare it Is usually
true that after a time some decisive step
if taken from which the action progresses
steadily toward its outcome, toward the
happy close of a comedy or the fatal close
of a tragedy. The progress of. the action
from Its climax to its close Is called the
resolution. Since It U the exact counter
part of the complication. It might with
some fitness b« termed tne simplification.
At the end of a tragedy death settles all
strife; the close of a comedy Is marked
by explanations, forgiveness and general
happiness; and usually we are left listen
ing for the chime of marriage bells.
The incident which marks the beginning
of the resolution of th« action has been
termed "the resolving force"; In the caw
of a tragedy It is often called more spe
cifically "the tragic force." All that Is
really necessary, howewr. is that the
These general statements will sometimes
need modification In order to fit the case
of a particular play. Some things that
have been paid, for example, do not apply
In the form given to "Othello." since In
this play the complication Is brought
about by the plot of lago. who Is the
enemy of Othello, and the hero is passive
during the flret half of the drama.
It is the rule in Shakespeare that this
exciting force, the ftr.-t important turn
ing point in the play. Is presented with
great distinctness. This helps the audi
ence to catch the exact point at issue.
Here, again. I think, we see th^ practical
wifdoro and ekill of the actor-dramatist.
For example, in "The Winter's Tale", the
leaious belief of Leorites In the guilt of
his wife and friend breakF forth so sud
denly that it eeem« at first unmotlved and
Improbable: but Shakespeare shows us
afterward by many skillful touches and
glances backward that this suspicion and
Jealousy had really been growing u- grad
ually. Thus the exciting force is first pre
sented as something 3udden and distinct,
and is then shown to have ben brought
about gradually and naturally.
In a play the main contest. i<» central
Itruggle. Is between two parties — the hero
and those associated with him on the one
Side and hi» opponent* on the other. The
various steps by which the hero and hii
party advance toward the accomplishment
of his great purpose up to the point where
the action begins to set clearly toward a
df-flrite outcome may together be. calJ-ed
the complication.
After the opening situation has been put
before us as fully as» necessary a strong
<3e?ire or purpose springs up in the mind
of the hero or heroine or in if m.nds of
both. The struggle to accomplish this
purpose and the «->utoome of ti.e struggle
tnbke up the play Itself, a play Is a strug
gle, a contest. The incident which mark;
the beginning of the piay proper has been
called "the exciting force." This term Is
i translation of the one employed by the
German critic Fr»-ytag— "Das erregende
Momer.t." The English phrase Is some
what misleadirig. If one were asked what
is the f-xoltir.g force in 'Macbeth" he
wou!d naturally reply, "Ambition—Mac
bet h> ambition." Bui this answer shows
a misunderstanding of the true meaning
cf the term. By the exciting force is
meant not the general motive or desire,
which is the mainspring of tae action of
the play, but rather the particular Inci
dent with which the movement of tha
drama actually begins. This lnciaent first
ihows us the nature of the conflict that
is to engage our attention; It often takes
the form of a temptation, plan or con
spiracy. The communication of the gbott
of Hamlet, the terapiing prophecies of
the weird PiFt^-rs to Macbeth, the plot of
lego against Othello and Desdemona. the
suggestion of Capsius that Brutus accept
the leadership in a conspiracy against
Car-par, the falling In love of Orlar.do and
Rosalind at the wrestling match in "As
You Like It." arc the exciting forces In
the five plays concerned.
In general, however, the introduction to
8 play of Shakespeare move? on so easily
and naturally lew reader? recognize that
only a master of stagecraft coujd com
pose it. We may f*>(-\ assured. I think,
that Bhakespeare. whose life was spent in
connection with the stage, who knew
with the intimate knowledge of an actor
just what was needed at this point in a
play, wrote thc-Ke skillful introduction*,
a.nd rot the great Lord Bacon.
about. Elsewhere in the play this banish
ment is looked upon as something that
happened long ago.
THE LATE JAMES HENRY
HACKETT AS JACK FAL
STAFF.
BY ALBERT 6. BOLLES, LL. D
In a previous article It was shown that
an employe could not recover from his
employer for an injury happening to him
through the negligence of a fellow-em
ploye, for the reason that he is regarded
as having assumed the risk himself. In
other words, an employer is not an insurer
against all accidents that happen to those
who are In his employ. When a man en
ters into the service of another he "takes
upon himself." so the courts have said,
"in consideration of the compensation to
be paid him, the ordinary risks of the em
ployment, including the negligence of his
tellow-laborers." In another case the
court remarked that "the rule rested upon
the sound principle that each one who en
ters upon the service of another takes on
himself all the ordinary risks of the em
ployment in which he engages, and that
the* negligent acts of his fellow-workmen
in the general course of his employment
are witnin the ordinary risks." And on
another occasion the same court re
marKed: "If the risk is an ordinary one the
eraplover is not liable even if the employe
did use ordinary care. In all such cases
the risk of injury is one of the hazards
which the employe assumes when fie en
gages in the service to which it is lnci
aent. This has always been the law.
The courts have often said that the em
ploye receives higher wages than he
would have been paid had his employer
insured him against all accidents. This
statement can neither be proved nor de
nied. It may be true; it may not be. Per
haps if the employer had been held liable
In all cases. Instead of giving lower wages,
he would have been more careful in select
ing persons for his employment.
It mav be that if the employers were al
wavs held liable they would seek to ex
empt themselves from liability by a spe
cial contract with their employes. Per
haps they would have been required py
their employers to give up all claims aris
ing from accident, and if they had, the
question may be asked: Would such a
contract be legal? It is contrary to the
policy of the law for any one to relieve
himself from liability arising from his
negligence, and why should not this rule
applv to an employer as well as to a rail
road' company. This, however, is not a
uniform rule in all the States, and the
tendency of the courts Is to permit greater
freedom in this direction.
Can an Employer Escape Liability
by Contract ?
The Rule in Virginia.
In Alabama a railroad company made a
rule that the compensation paid to its em
ployes should cover all risks and that no
claim for anv compensation for an injury
would be paid. The -court declared that
the companv went too far and had no
right to make such a rule. In another
case arising In the same State a railroad
company had raaikJi similar rule, declar
ing that all perso»*ln the service of the
company in accepting or retaining em
ployment were regarding as assuming the
ordinary risks attending the service. Each
employe was expected and required to
look a'fter his own safety and to exercise
the utmost caution to avoid injury to his
fellows, especially In switching cars and
moving trains. The court said that rail
roads, like other corporations and persons,
had the right to adopt reasonable rules
and regulations for governing their em
ployes and for their own protection, but
could not relieve themselves from liability
for their own wrongful negligence.
An interesting; case in which this was
the principal question arose in Virginia.
A- railroad company made a contract with
a firm to remove a granite bluff and it
was agreed that the company should In no
way be held responsible for any Injury to
any of the members of the firm or its em
ployes caused by the removal of the
qua"rry. During the progress of the work
one of the members of the llrm was killed
by the negligence, so it was claimed, of
the company. It sought to shield itself
behind the contract above mentioned. But
the court would not permit this. "To up
hold the stipulation would be to hold that
it was competent for one party to put the
other party to the contract at the mercy
of its own misconduct, which can never
be done where an enlightened system of
Jurisprudence prevails. Public policy for
bids it. and contracts against public policy
are void. Nothing is better settled in this
court than that a common carrier cannot,
by contract, exempt himself for responsi
bility for his own or his servants' negli
gence in th(j carrying of goods or passen
gers." . . . : : H--v
The Rule in Georgia.
On the other hand, in Georgia a differ
ent rule has been declared. An employer
may by express contract relieve himself
from all liability for negligence except
such as may be of a criminal nature. This
was decided in a case in which an em
ploye made a contract reading thus: "He
further agrees that he will take upon
himself all risks connected with or inci
dent to the employment, and will in no
case hold the company liable for any in-
Jury or damage, to his person or other
wise, he may sustain while thus employed,
whether It arises from explosion, or the
machinery, or accident, or the negligence
or misconduct of himself or any other
person employed by the company, or from
any other cause." This contract was held
to "be good, and consequently deprived the
employe, who was one of the parties
thereto, of all right to recover for any in
jury happening to him through the negli
gence of the company.
The Rule in Arkansas
Another case may be mentioned that
came before the Supreme Court of Ar
kansas. The terms of the contract were
quite similar to those In the case last
mentioned. The court said that a com
mon carrier "could not pre-contract with
its customers" so as to relieve Itself from
its own negligent acts, but that the con
tract in question was of a different na
ture, as the relation between the parties
was essentially a private one. that of
master and servant. "The negligence of
a fellow-servant is not in fact and In
morals the negligence of the master,
hence a stipulaton not to be answerable
for their negligence beyond the selection
of competent servants in the first Instance
and the discharge of such as prove to be
reckless or Incompetent might be held to
be reasonable." Nevertheless, as It was
the duty of employers to furnish reason
ably safe appliances and places to worK
for their servants' use, and this duty was
one of public interest, the court concluded
by holding that the company could not
relieve itself from this duty by contract
in advance.
The Rule in New York.
Lastly may be mentioned the answer
given to this question by the highest
court In New York. An employe of a rail
road company released it from any liabil
ity for Injun' to him growing out of its
negligence or that of its agents or em
ployes. The consideration for giving the
release was employment and the compen
sation therefor. Yet the court held that
there was no consideration or cause for
the release, and consequently that it was
void. The court added: "We do not in
timate that if the railroad company had
given some kind of consideration it would
have been valid. If might even then be
urged that public policy Sprbids the en
actment of such contracts." And tnls
seems to be the more general opinion.
An employe assumes the risk attending
his employment by contract. The law de
clares he knows what he is doing. It Is
true he does not say a word about the
risk, but the law says this for him. "The
Immunity of the master." says . the Su
preme, Court of New Jersey, "rests upon
the contract of hiring and not upon the
absence or presence of negligence in
either party. The master says to the
servant: 'You understand fully the na
ture of the employment and the danger
attending It: will you enter upon it?' Tie
servant says: ; 'I will accept it.' And the
law Implies that he accepts It with all the
risk Incident to It, without regard to the
magnitude of the dangers."
• An employe must use ordinary care to
avoid Injuries to himself. "He is under as
great obligations." so the Supreme Court
of Indiana has remarked, "to provide for
his own safety from such dangers as are
known to him, or discoverable by the ex
ercise of ordinary care on his part, as
the master Is to provide It for him." In
a case arising from an Injury to a person
working in a sftwmill the court said that
he was under no obligation when;begin
ning his emnloyment to go through the
mill first and make himself familiar with
each piece of machinery and' the 'danger
he might incur by coming in contact with
We are led to anticipate each succeed
ing stage of the action before it begins,
perhaps even to pee that it is a necessary
consequence of what has preceded. It la
especially true of the tragedies that the
characters and circumstances are so put
before us early in the play as to Indicate
in a general way what the outcome is to
be: and then the mighty masterpiece
moves fteadily on to Its Inevitable end.
University of Chicago.
The reader must not suppose for a mo
ment that three divisions of the action
are as distinct and separate as I have
made them seem In my discussion.
Shakespeare skillfully prepares his read
ers for every Important development that
is to come. Though we. may be somewhat
surprised now and then at the exact turn
which the action takes, yet in the case of
an attentive spectator or reader the great
dramatist appeals much more to expecta
tion than to surprise.
A few words of warning must be given
before I close this subject. Shakespeare
frequently has several more or less fully
developed actions, or stories, in the same
play, especially in his comedies. In such
a play it is only the main action of which
I am speaking. For example. "As You
Like It contains half a dozen different
stories; but I have referred in my division
of the play only to the principal one — the
love story of Orlando and Rosalind.
action of a drama Into introduction, com
pilation an«l resolution which has been
discussed. The point A marks the loca
tion of the exciting force. B denotes the
turn of the action— the resolving action— if
any single incident seems to deserve that
title.
We commonly speak of the closing part
of the resolution of a tragedy as the ca
tastrophe; in the case of a comedy we call
the last portion simply the close or the
conclusion. In a similar way the last part
of the complication, just preceding the
turn or resolving force, is sometimes
called the climax of the play. This term
is not a fortunate one, since the word
"climax" Is often understood to mean
simply the incident which begins the reso
lution—the resolving force. Perhaps we
may call that portion of a drama just
preceding the turn of the action the mid
dle of the play, whenever it is helpful or
convenient to designate it by a separate
name. The term is colorless, but Is at
least free from misleading suggestions.
"Julius Caesar" Is a play that can be di
vided with some fitness into the five
divisions just Indicated. The artful
tempting of Brutus by Casslus marks the
close of the Introduction and the begin
ning of the complication; the death of
Caesar would begin the middle of the ac
tion or climax; the speech of Antony to
the Roman populace starts the resolution,
and the appearance to Brutus of the
ghost of Caesar may fairly be taken as
the beginning of the catastrophe. The
threefold division indicated by the above
figure, however, is the one of fundamental
importance.
The word "climax" is often employed
in dramatic criticism in still a third mean
ing, and since the term Is much used I
feel that I 6hall be doing my readers a
service If I call attention to this. The
point of greatest emotional intensity in a
play Is sometimes called the climax, and
very naturally: but this point may not
fall at or near the turn of the action. In
"Othello," for example, our interest cn
stantly increases up to the tremendous
catastrophe. In this third meaning of
the word, therefore, the climax of
"Othello" comes at the close of the play.
it. It was sufficient for him when enter
ing upon the active discharge of the
duties assigned to him to ascertain what
he was expected to do and the dangers
directly connected therewith, and he had
a right to assume that in the performance
of that particular duty» reasonable facil
ities therefor would be "afforded him with
out coming in contact with other unfore
seen or unsuspected dangers. Such is
the general rule, often repeated with
slight variations as the particular case
seemed to« require. It Is quite impossible
to state this duty or requirements of em
playes in precise words, for the situation
is so varying. That ho must exercise or
dinary care in executing his employment
is a universal rule.
What Risks Are Assumed P
If an employe is doing hazardous worn
he is required to use the utmost caution
to avoid danger, and if he docs not and is
Injured he has no right to recover any
thing from his employer. The hazard of
working in a mine is greater than ihat of
working on a farm or in a cotton factory.
An employe therefore assumes the hazard
of the ordinary perils attending his em
ployment; whatever they may be. Says
Justice Sherwood of the Supreme Court
of Missouri: "Whatever hazards are
concomitant of the employment the em
ploye assumes necessarllv Tvhen engaging
in the performance of the 'lutles pertain
ing thereto." But the dangers, as every
one knows, vary from almost none to the
gravest. They are many in kind and de
gree. When, therefore, we have saad th»U
the care to be used must b% measured by
the danger we can say np more. In a
given case the question arises, Did the
injured person exercise all the care the
law required?- This is a fact to be ascer
tained in the same manner as facts are
in other cases.
A legal author whose words have been
adopted by the Supreme Court of Mis
souri thus states the duty of an employe
wh.Ie engaged in his work: "It is his
duty to go about his work with his eyes
open. He may not wait to be told, but
must act. He must take ordinary care to
learn the dangers which are likely to be
set him in the service. If the master pro
vides written or printed instructions or
warning It Is his duty to rrad them. He
must not go blindly and heedlessly to hiB
work when there is danger. He must in
form himself. This Is the law every
where. The servant is he?d by his con
tract of hiring to assume »he risk of In
jury from the ordinary dangers of the
employment: that 13 to Bay. from such
dangers as are known to him or dlscov
erable by the exercise of ordinary care on
his part. He has, therefore, no right of
action In general against his master for
an injury befalling him from such a cause.
His right to recover will depend upon his
knowledge or ignorance of the danger. If
he knew of it or was under a legal obli
gation to know of it. it was a part of his
contract and he cannot in general re
cover."
This principle has been carried very far.
Thus when persons have been injured at
work on a railroad from the lack of a
flagman to give notice of the coming of
trains the courts have often declared that
unless there was a statute law requiring a
company to have one they would .not hoM
this to be one of its duties. An accident
might be prevented if a flagman were em
ployed, but if men engaged in labor,
knowing there were no flagman, they as
sumed the risk.
Another application cf the same princi
ple may be made to an Injury happening
from exposed machinery. If it were boxed
the Injury would not have happened, but
the using of It In an exposed manner is
not regarded by the law as negligence if
those- who were operating it knew or
ought to have known of the danger. Thus
in Coombs vs. New Bedford Cordage Com
pany Justice Hoar remarked that it
could not be doubted "that it is the legal
right, of every person to carry on a busi
ness which is dangerous, either in Itself
or In his manner of conducting It, if it is
not unlawful and interferes with no right
of other persons." In such a case if a
person is injured a jury cannot say as a
fact that the employer is negligent in not
protecting employes from danger by
guarding It, though the evidence may
clearly show that the accident would not
have happened had it been guarded, for
the reason that the danger, however great,
if It was known or might have been
known by ordinary observation, Is as
sumed by the employe.
HOME STUDY CIRCLE QUERIES.
17. "Who was the commander of "The
Ragged Grenadiers"?
18. At the time of "Cornwallis* surren
der" by whomdid the British general send
his sword? ,
19. Who received it?
20. What hero of the late war with Spain
commanded the Grecly relief expedition?
21. Under what kind of a tree did Wash
ington take command of his army?
22. Where Is there a river of genuine
ink? *
23. Which is the highest fortress in the
world?
24. Who was "The Wizard of Kinder
hook"?
23. What body of water Is nine times
more salt than the ocean?
26. What self-taught lad, taken from
school at. 10. founded a university and be
came one of the greatest of scientists and
statesmen?
27. To. whom did Tennyson refer in the
following lines:
Thine island loves thee well, thou famous man.
The greatest Bailor since our world began?
28. What great barbaric leader was
buried In richest armor in the bed of a
stream which was turned aside for the
purpose and then returned to Its course?
29. What Emperor first made Sunday a
day of rest?
80. What Is the oldest town In the world?
31. What famous English dramatist was
a wool gatherer?
Answers.
1. Monrovia, capital of Liberia. 2. Llllu
okalani. 3. Farratrut. 4. Duke of Marl
borough. 6. The children of Princess Be
atrice and Prince Henry of Battenberg. 6.
Cleopatra, 7. Smolensk. 8. Theodosius the
Great. 9. The colossal statue of Nero. 10.
"The Ancient Mariner." 11.' Queen Anne.
12. Thebes. 13. Charles L. Dodgson. 14.
Mrs. Reed. 15. Otis. 16. Aaron Burr. .¦..?¦;
ANNUAL MEETING OF
' V,' MISSIONARY ASSOCIATION
Delegates Welcomed to the City of
Springfield by Mayor W. P.
Hayes.
SPRINGFIELD. Mass., Oct. 23.— The
fifty-fourth annual meeting of the Amer
ican Missionary Association opened here
to-day with over 400 delegates In attend
ance and will continue until Thursday
evening. Mayor W. P. Hayes made the
address of welcome for the city and Rev.
P. S. Moxim, D.D., the address of wel
come from the churches, to which Presi
dent F. A. Noble of Illinois made re
sponse. The report of the executive com
mittee was read by Onalrman Hull of
New York. -
A summary of his annual report as
treasurer of the association was presented
by H. W. Hubbard of New York, as fol
lows: Receipts, $33G,6.V>; expenditures.
$335,048; balances, $1062.
Summary of receipts for the work of the
year: Current work. $335.778; • Income from
Daniel Hand fund. $62,499. r
Reserve legacy account: Balance. Octo
ber 1, 1S99. $8730; amount credited for the
year, $79,794. Total. Jjmi,524.
Amount transferred to receipts, $43,000;
balance, $45,542. Total. $88,542.
¦ ' — ; — ? ¦ ' — ' •
Plans for Exposition Buildings.
CHARLESTOWN. S. C. Oct. 23.— The
directors of the South Carolina Inter
state and West Indian Exposition have
received the designs* and drawings for the
buildings and. grounds. The plans include
about fifteen Important • buildings, the
largest to be the cotton palace, .which will
have an area of' 50,000 • square - feet, v For
the Government building it is proposed
to have a replica of the White House.
Good Roads Convention.
LOS ANGELES, Oct. 23.— The Good
Roads- convention will assemble in -thin
city to-morrow. The' morning session will
be called to order by > M. ;: J. Newmark,
president of the Los 'Angeles Chamber of
Commerce, . who ¦- will ? deliver an ; address
of welcome. v.
In a play. ju*t as in a voyage, th" first
thing necessary Js that we know our lati
tude and longitude. "Where are we?" is
the first question. Shakespeare shows
p-^at skill in i^jrtiir.ing Ma plays. Quickly,
easily and interestingly the first persons
whoYnnn 1 upnn the stage tell as all that
¦we need to know about the situation in
•whi'-h the principal charactfrs find them
selves at the opening of the drama. While
giving u? this information the persons be
fore us are apparently talking only to one
anothT. and their conversation sterns,
pcrhars. entirely natural and appropriate.
W> may call this opening portion of the
play the introduction: the struggle which
make* up the play proper has not yet be
f^;n.
It if an exceedirgly difficult matter to
xr.arage th'.a Introduction naturally, and
em Shakefpeare sometimes falls short of
complete success. For example, near the
beginnir.cr of "Hamlet" Horatio explains
to hi? comrade* In a long speech the rea
finr.s for the military preparations that
are being made by the Danes. He thus
xr.akes the situation clear to the audience,
but la doing so he recounts very fully to
M£r<-«»nus and Bernardo much tr = t must
be already perfectly well known to them.
an<2 v. M< h it would net be natural in real
life that he should explain to them In de
tali.
In both "Othello" and "As You Like If
the play op«-n« with the fuming of an an-
man. It is natural for an angry man
to "recount his grievances, and In this way
Boderigo and Orlando tell u» much about
their history and present circumstances
Trithout any violation of probability.
"Much Ado About Nothing" begins with a
messenger's report of the result of a bat
tle, and with the meeting of acquaint
er.res who have been separated for a time.
B'-'ause of these circumstances the refer
ences to the past are entirely natural,
¦while at the same tim*» the audience is
made to understand the situation. The
f.rst part °f th -<? conversation between
Charles and Oliver in th." first seen* of
"As You Like It" is awkward in several
ways. Char>s telin Oliver in great detail
what he rails "'ild newt;": all of this,
therefore, must be already known to Oli
ver. In <^rder to make this conversation
teem as natural as possible it is assumed
that the banishment of tie old Duke is
somewhat recent— is still being talked
RT ALBERT H. TOLLMAN
It is hardly practicable In "As You Like
It" to insist on finding any very distinct
resolving force. When ShaJiespeare brings
Orlando and Rosalind into the same for
est we see what is going to come of it;
this becomes plainer when they actually
meet: and when Rosalind, professing to
be a boy, Ganymede, arranges that Orlan
do shall practice wooing her, the sup
posed boy. as if Rosalind were really
present, we see the quick-witted heroine
grasp the rudder, and we feel confident
that, she will bring her craft Into the de
sired haven.
The following figure will represent in a
general way the threefold division of the
course of the action shall swing around
from Increasing complication toward in
creasing simplification, toward a definite
outcome; it is not necessary that this
"turn" of the action shall be made man
ifest in one specific incident, or resolving
force.
The resolving force in "Julius Caesar Is
the speech of Antony to. the populace: in
"Othello" It is the wonderful third scent
of act three, in which lago artfully con
vinces Othello of the guilt of Desdemona.
I consider the killing of Polonius to be ths
resolving force in "Hamlet," though some
would find it in the failure of Hamlet to
kill the King when he comes upon the
monarch engaged in prayer. In "Mac
beth" it seems to me that the tragic
forxe. the beginning of the falling action.
is the escape of Fleance Jn the third scene
of act three. At this point, for the first
time. Macbeth strives to prevent the ful
fillment of a solemn prediction of the
weird sisters and Is defeated. Some look
upon the appearance to Macbeth of the
Rhost of Banquo. in the fourth scene of
the same act. as the resolving force; buL
these two opinions are not so different as
they may «e<-m. The first incident seems
to mark the real turn in the course of the
action; but the scene witn lianquo's ghost
shows us for the first time Lhat the spirii
of Macbeth is beginning to give way. Per
haps we may call the tirst incident the
outward and the second the inward
"turn" of the action.
THE STRUCTURE OF A SHAKESPEARE PLAY.
Copyright, 1900, by Seymour Eaton.
THIRT Y SHAKESPEARE EVENINGS.
Copyright, 1900, by Seymour Eaton.
»
LAW LESSONS) EMPLOYERS /\ND EmFI-OYES.
THE RISK ASSUMED BY EMPLOYES.
CALL'S HOME STUDY CIRCLE.
A circle is a plane figure bounded by a
curved line called the circumference, and
is such that all straight lines drawn from
a point within the figure to the circum
ference are equal. This point is called the
center.
v- j.
HOW TO MANAGE CIRCLES.
Copyright, 1900, by Seymour Eaton.
MIGHT. SCHOOL COURSE.
NIGHT SCHOOL: HOW TO DO THINGS.
Every diameter of a circle bisects it
that is, divides it into two equal parts. J
half of a circle is called a semi-circle.
If we know the length of the diameter
we can find the circumference by multi
plying the diameter by 3.1416; that is, if
we want to know the length of the cir
cumference fairly accurately. For ordin
ary commercial purposes it is sufficiently
accurate to multiply by 22 and divide by
7. By this latter rule we consider that the
circumference is 3 1-7 times the diameter,
and to multiply by 3 1-7 we multiply by 22
and divide by 7.
Xow, to find the area of a rectangle we
learned (lesson 1) to multiply the length
by the breadth. To find the area of a cir
cle we multiply the circumference by the
diameter and take one-quarter of the
product.
feet. (6) 29 feet 3 inches. (7) 154 square
feet. (8) $20 79. (9) 176 feet. (10) $4554 55.
IV. How to Multiply Easy Numbers.
This lesson has been arranged specially
for office boys. It presents a few very in
teresting short-cuts In multiplication.
1. Multiply 63 by 67.
63
Notice that the right hand flgnres. 3 and
7, add to 10, and the left-hand figures. 6
and 8. ar* the fame. To find the product
we say 7 times :> are 21 and put down both
figures; add I to 6. making 7. and say 7
times 6 are 42. and put down both figures.
This rule applies in all numbers of two
figures each where the rirht-har.d figures
add to 10 and the ieft->iand figures are- the
same. Try the following- exercises:
24X25 .62X68
27 X 23 64 X 6«
32 X 3S 65 X 65
84 X S6 92 X 9S
45 X 45 73 X 77
51 X 59 81 X 89
52 X 58 84 X 86
Notfrr-In the exercise 51 X 59 it Is neces
sary to add a cipher. For instance. » times
1 must give 09. Instead of simply 9.
2. Multiply 294 by 296.
234
¦ 293
S7024
This is the same rule applied to numbers
of three figrures. We say 6 times 4 are 24.
and put down both figures; now, if we add
1 to 29 we have 20. and 30 times 29 Is S70.
Apply this rule to the following exercises:
104 X 105 152 X 15S I
291 X 2&9 . 592 X 598
295 X 295 797 X 733
3. Multiply 3243 by 11.
• •f\n t k> 44 *vm»
Owt X ii — oOQI*)
If you wish to multiply a number of two
figures by 11, as. for instance. 32. simply
add the 3 and 2 together and place the
sum between the two original figure?.
making 332; 43 X 11 = 473; add the 4 and 3
and place the sura between the 4 and 3. To
multiply 3243 by 11. proceed as follows:
Put down the right-hand figure 3: then
say 3 and 4 are 7; then 4 and 2 are 6; thon
2 and 3 are 5; then put down the left-hand
figure 3. and we have the product
4. Multiply 98 by 94.
9212
The complement of a number is the dif
ference between It and the unit of the next
highest order; thus, 2 is the complement
of 9S: 6 Is the complement of 94: 7 is the
complement of 92; 13 is the complement of
l>87. To multiply these two numbers mul
tiply the complements 2 and 6 and p'ace
the product. 12, in the answer. For the
remaining two figures subtract across,
either the 6 from the OS or the 2 from the
94, leaving 92. Apply this rule to the fol
lowing examples:
£7 X PS S95 X 994
96 X KJ SJ*6 X 998
52 X P.? 992 X 994
99X66 - - r 9S9 X 997
Note — Additional "short-cuts" will be
given in a subsequent lesson.
HEALTH ASSOCIATION" IN
ANNUAL CONVENTION
Sanitary Questions Discussed by Men
of Prominence and Officers
Elected.
INDIANAPOLIS. Ind.. Oct. 23.— The
first session of the convention of the
American Public Health Association was
opened to-day. The president. Dr. Peter
H. Bryce of Canada, called the convention
to order.
The number of delegates attending the
meeting is unusually large. Among the
number are several men of international
prominence in the field of sanitary science
and medicine.
The morning session was taken up by
the discussion of sanitary qu«stioR& and
the election of officers.
At the afternoon , session President
Bryce delivered his annual address.
FIRE CAUSES "DEATH
OF FIVE CHIU>REN
W«re in the Upper Boom of a Burn
ing Building and Suffocated Be
fore Aid Arrived.
MONTREAL, Oct. 23.— A fire which
broke out In a small tenement house on
Archambault lane at 1:10 this morning re
sulted in the death by suffocation of five
children. The father. Arthur Le Blanc, a
shoemaker, , was badly burned but will
live. The mother was only slightly In
jured. The children were in an upper
room and -were dead before the firemen
could get near them.
Sympathy of the Sultan.
BERLIN, Oct. 23.— Emperor William has
received a telegram from Sultan Abdul
Hamid. expressing a hope for the recov
ery of Dowager Empress Frederick and
assuring the Kaiser of his unshaken
friendship. A reply couched In the warm
est terms was sent by Emperor William.
New Counterfeit IWscovered.
WASHLNUTU.N, uct. zs.~ The secret
service j bureau of the Treasury Depart
ment has discovered a new Indian h*aJ
$5 counterfeit. The note Is of series 1S'J3.
check letter B, face plate No. 20, back
plate No. 23, J. W. Lyons register ami
Ellis H. Roberts treasurer.
Planning a Revolution.
KINGSTON. Jamaica. Oct. 23.— The
Gleaner publishes a report that a filibus
tering expedition, headed by a well-known
Haytian exile, is being prepared here for
the overthrow of the Goveriynent of Gen
eral Simon Sam. the President of Hayti.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, OCTOBER 24, 1900.
Thus, BDC Is the circumference and A
Is the center. The lines BC and DC and
AC are equal. Any line drawn from the
center to the circumference Is called a
radius; or, In other words, the radius la
the distance from the center to the cir
cumference. A straight line drawn across
the circle through the center Is called the
diameter; thus. BA is the diameter of the
circle BDA. It follows that one-half of
the diameter is equal to the radius.
ii
in
in
4221
8
||j OF THE BOTTLE
S» out yoti
Cannot measure the good
Resulting from using
its contents.
Unless yoa fo!!o-» the
advice of C;e
Adam Frendenstein,
Senior Vice-Corn nander, C. A. R.
Officer of the rlny. Caster Post,
Taccoa, Washington.
Who pays :
j/lDm pleased to say thct I hav« the
m confidence' in Warner's Safe
Cure, as I sn£fere<i for years with
kidney tronbles contracted in the
army, and nothing seeraet' to help
until I tried it. A fe-ar bcttles riid
more for me than all the doctors and 9 V
medicines previously tried. ' '
FURNITURE AND CARPETS
AT 20 PER CENT 'DISCOUNT
FROM REGULAR PRICE.
Fre« delivery within ICO mi'.es.
BRILLIANT'S,
338-340-342 POST ST.,
Oren evenings. Near Pow«lL
§VLM. VIGOR. VITALITY for ML*
MORMON BISHOP'S PIL.L3
hare been In use over fifty
years by the leaders of th*
Mormon Church and their fol-
lowers. Positively cures th»
worst ca*es in old and young
arising from effects of self-
abuse, dissipation, excesses cr
cirarette-smokinsr. Cures Lost
Manhood. Irnpotency. Lost
Power. N!*ht Lc?s*s. Insom-
nia. Pains In Back. Kvll Desires. Lara* Back.
Nervous Debility. Headache. Unfltness to Mar-
ry. Loss of Semen. ~ Varicocele cr Con-
ttlratlon. Stops Ne *^fc 8j rvoua Twitching
of Eyelids. Effect* J^. jTla r e Immediate
Impart viror and^-^"*-* potency to every
function. Don't get despondent: a cur* is at
hand. Restores small. undeveloped oiVansT
Stimulates the brain and nerve centers- 5Cc i
box; 6 for $: 50 by mail. A written iruarante* to
cure or money refunded with ( boxes. Circular*
free. Address BISHOP REMEDY CO.. 40 Ellis
St.. San Francisco. CaU. GRANT DRUG CO..
WAENEB'S REMEDIES.
BAJA CALIFORNIA
Damiana Bitters
IS A GREAT RESTORATIVE. 1NVIG0RA-
tcr and Nervine.
The most wonderful aphrodisiac and Special
Tonic for the Sexual Organs for both kui.
The Mexican remedy for Diseases of the- KM-
neys and Bladder. Sells on Its own merits.
NABER. ALFS & BRUNE. Agents.
K3 Market St.. S. P.— (Send for Circular.)
0*| CHICHCSTCR'S ENGLISH
Pehhyroval pills
&&&&. ?» ClHdUKsTEWS KNGLlSu
12k S2: lCvS »** b; "* * lbbo<l - Tmke»»»«fcei-. K*-f..«
T?7 *£* *Vp D«^etro«« s a b*tltatlon» u4 lulta-
1 / f]T u«ii». Buy «r your iirmm. or ami 4*. la
yO» t> ud» Relief for La.ilr.,«m <«ri«r,»y re.
-\_ - .A' _ »«r»M«U. l«.«M>«TMUa>on!»i«. 8iut>»
He-Jon tM» p»p«. U«dl»» "S4 - .re. Pm ild l-S
TJ "DTTOIJ 17 Q FOR BARBERS. UAK-
JDllU OXlJuO r^ bootblacks, tat.n-
houses, billiard tables.
crewers. bookbinders, candy-makers, c&nner*.
dyers, flourmills. foundries, laundries, paper-
fa&ngers. printers, painters, shoe factories, cia-
blemen. tar-roofers, tanners, tailors, ate
BUCHA.NA.N BROS..
Brush Manufacturers. 609 Sacramento St.
Oppressioa, Suffocation, Nenralgia, etc., cored by
ESPIC'S CIGARETTES, or POWDER
Pim. J. ESP1C; Ntw Tori. E. 50UGE2U • CJ.
BOLD BT AT.T. DRCGGIST3.
NEW WESTERN HOTEL,
KEARN'Y AND WASHINGTON STS.— RE-
modeled ami renovated. KINO. WARD A
CO. European plan. Rooms. 50c to %l SO day;
iz to i? week: $a to $3> month. Free baths: hot
and cold water every room; fire crates in «very
i room; elevator runs all nuht-
fL_ i i in in" ii mi i »in i i *h ' 'i ¦¦whi«fmitf*HfWr1
¦SP^Sift*. * D0 * t*^ eTe there
_t^*'t^f?«^v\ ** * c . &se . °* drspep-
iraQsfttSlifcr-^l 6ia ' indigestion cr
f&f an^ •tomach tronble
liv &£+k that cannot be re-
ieb jjffjyy lieved at once end
W Sr 2P*ip£ji$'i? permanently cure-1
\T y^JgW *>y my DYSPEPSIA
JW^^ MUNTOX.
_ m _ l /fK^^pt*\* At all drnjrirlsts.
' \M to Health and medi-
1 I r- cal advice free. 1505
1 Arch gtreet, Phila.
OpetlStomorrow
#llincry!ffl^>r \ ¦
I The opening of this N. j w '^^^^ v-^ll I, \
I Mil'inery Store will be the : =sf^r^$^-'i^^ ______ .•/ / /
| most notable event in mil- ~ = =^>'(_p~:^Z Nf^pP^T^y // /
J linery circles ever held in \ LlJ »••/
I San-' Francisco. New ' '""^X^ J^^
{•store, new millinery— ill the delights of *^N^^
1 new; creations from Paris and New York— at simple; plain
I merchandise profits. Everybody welcome.EDWARD F. TREAD VV ELL, the Republican nomlnea for the Assem
bly to represent the Thirty-fifth District, ought to be elected. He
is clean, capable and energetic. He is a young lawyer, and stands
well in his profession. He graduated from the Hastings College of
Law and was admitted to the bar in 1S97. He has made a record
for himself as an able advocate and a sound lawyer. His annotations' of the
San Francisco charter prove that he Is a legal author of ability. This book
is regarded as standard authority on many matters pertaining to the muni
cipal government
Mr. Treadwell has lived In the Thirty-fifth District or In that region of the
city for the past ten years. He possesses the ability and energy to accom
plish something? In the Legislature for his constituents. He takes an active
Interest in public affairs, and tho weight of his Influence is on the side of
good government. Mr. Treadwell is endorsed by the Citizen' s Republican
party.
John A. Zollver was nominated by the Democratic County Con-rentlon to
represent the Thirty-fifth District In the Assembly. It is presumed that his
nomination was acceptable to Phelan and Fay.
Tou remember how they fretted the autumn
air and annoyed the American laborer at hU
work and disturbed his well-earned sleep at
night by their loud clamor and senseless agita
tion for free and unlimited coinage of silver
at the so-called "'eternal and eacred" ratio of
16 to 1, and robbed that laborer of his time
by pouring Into his ear dark prophecies of evil
days to come, dire portents of fast-approach
ing disaster, sad tales of industrial wreck and
ruin—of less work and lower wages, of in
dividual bankruptcy and government deficits.
If McKinley should be elected and the gold
standard upheld. McKlnfr>y was elected and
the gold standard has been upheld and an
American dollar, whether It be gold or silver
or paper, is worth 100 cents in London, in
New York, In San Francisco, In Hongkong, In
Delhi— everywhere that trade flows and civil
ization exists; labor 1b abundant; plenty
abounds; borrowers have become loaners;
bankrupts have become bankers; contentment
The Laborer and Silver.
Tou remember how they predicted ruin, bank
ruptcy and misery to the people, to all sections
alike, because of the Dingley tariff, which they
violently opposed and which they foretold
would be a burden on industry and a source
of commercial disaster. We passed and lmv«
administered the Dingley tariff and It haa been
not only a copious and unfailing fountain of
unmixed blessings to all the people, but has
furnished ample funds to discharge the or
dinary and fixed expenses of government and
the extraordinary and uncertain coat of carry
ing on successfully and gloriously the Spanish
war and to meet the large outlay necessarily
incident to crushing an Insurrection Inspired.
If not sustained, by Democratic sympathy and
encouragement; but still they are not satisfied.
You remember how they shouted and raved
for the up-bulldlng of the American merchant
marine. In spite of their stupid and dogged
opposition to every sensible' measure looking
toward a fostering of that object we have
largely augmented the American carrying
trade, which has afforded and now gives work
and wages to thousands of additional Ameri
can pallors and American mechanics, skilled
and unskilled In American shipbuilding yards;
but still they are not satisfied.
to toil; the farmer Is prosperous, the merchant
is solvent, the mechanic singe at his labor;
happy wives and happy children greet happy
American worklngmen as they return to their
happy homes at nlghf. but still the Democratic
Boxers are not satisfied. '
"But one single Instance of outrage has oc
curred, and that at the extremetles of the
world, and by a piratical horde, amenable to
no 'law but the law of force. The Malays of
Sumatra committed a robbery and massacre
upon an American vessel. Wretches' They did
not then know that Andrew Jackson was Pres
ident of the United States, and that no dis
tance, no time, no idle ceremonial of treat
ir.i with robbers and assassins was to hold
back the arm of Justice. Commodore Downes
went out. His cannon and his bayonets struck
the outlaws in their den. They paid In terror
and In blood for the outrage which was com
mitted, and the great lesson was taught to
these distant pirates — to our antipodes them
selves — that not even .the entire diameter of
the globe could protect them, and that the
name of the American citizen, like that of
Roman citizen In the great da.y§ of the repub
lic and of the empire, was to be the Inviolable
passport of all that wore It throughout the
But Jackson was denounced as a "tyrant,
despot, usurper, destroyer of the liberties of his
country," seeking to overthrow the republic
and to erect an empire on its ruins. For leap-
Ing to the defense of American citizens abroad
he was charged with treasonably undermining
the constitution. The air wm full of Intemper
ate attacks on his patriotism. Speaking of his
watchfulness and aggressive Americanism,
Benton says — and I quote him for tbe benefit of
all who are just now hampering the admin
istration and discouraging American soldiers:
If the Democratic declalmers In California
and elsewhere have acquired the habit of read
ing history and chance to have the speeches
of Thomas H. Benton In their single tax and
free trade libraries, I commend them to a
perusal of his masterly defense of Andrew
Jackson, delivered in the United States
Senate. To be sure modern Democracy has
turned its back on the teachings of Jackson,
but it may be timely to recall that in his day
and generation he stood for national supremacy
and the protection of American citizens where
soever they might be on a lawful errand.
The American people have heard this cry be
fore. It has not even the merit of originality;
It smells -of the grave wherein lie buried and
almost forgotten the dead Issues of the pant.
They were nauseated by It when Jackson was
President. They listened to and scorned It
when Lincoln, In 1864, was making* the su
preme effort to crush rebellion. Farther back,
even the father of his country was charged
with •'imperialistic" tendencies and aiming at
monarchy.
But now they tell us that "militarism," "im
rerlallsm" is the isBue, the paramount issue.
How they love that word! A change has come
over the spirit of their dreams. They now deem
it politic to conceal their purpose of disarrang
ing and debasing our currency, of packing the
Supreme Court of the United States, of sus
taining the solid Democratic South in Its at
tempted nullification* of the fourteenth and
fifteenth amendments, of striking down protec
tion to American shops and farms, and they
turn to do battle with a creature of their heat
ed and distempered imagination— "militarism,"
"Imi- rlalism." There is no such issue. In
jected Into political discussion, it is a fictitious
issue, a false Issue. To borrow their beloved
word, it Is a paramount humbug 1
Imperialism Not Paramount.
But the American people are satisfied. ' Pros
perity at home, prestige abroad; industries
multiplying, commerce expanding, and hign
above all flags of earth our cherished banner
floating — all under McKlnley, all to continue
under McKlnley and Roosevelt.
lights the eyes and smiles brighten the faces
once wet with honest tears; mortgages are be
ing wiped out and homesteads saved; th4
banks, both savings and commercial, are
filled to overflowing with the earnings of the
men and women who, under the Democratic
reign of terror, begged for bread and a night's
lodging; everywhere, on every hand. In every
State, in all sections, North and South, East
and West, In mountains and valleys, in cities
and hamlets, there is prosperity and happiness;
but Ftlll the Democratic prophets of evil an
Tou remember how they demanded a vigor
ous foreign policy. We have enforced a foreign
policy, aggressive, prudent and firm, which had
made the American name respected in every
land and the American flag honored on every
wave; but still they are not satisfied.
You remember bow they protested their love
for the laborer, beggared by their wild and
euicldal policies. In rags as a result of their
legislative folly and administrative lncom
peiency. We have given remunerative employ
ment to every industrious man who Is willing
Our Foreign Policy.
You remember how they lamented and shed
crocodile tears over the scarcity of a. circu
lating currency, the alleged small amount of
money per capita in the United States, claim
ing that the amount of money per capita was
an unfailing Index to national prosperity. We
have Increased that per capita from $22 97
when McKlnley was Inaugurated. March 4,
1SS7, to 126 71 on June 1, 1900; It is now larger
than ever before in the republic; and notwith
standing tie constant Increase In population
the per »>lta is steadily growing larger, for
reasons wrich are obvious to thoughtful men —
the Influx of gold from abroad and the mar
velous output of our mines; but still they are
not ratlsfied.
nent value; It knows nothing of practical
statesmanship and seems to care less about
sustaining what has b«en achieved by the
\-alor and ability of American patriot:,. Its
most distinguishing characteristic, however, is
Its dissatisfaction with anything and every
thing accomplished by the Republican party,
however much those things may contribute to
the stability of the government and the pros
perity of the p«ople.
You remember how I>emocratlc orators in
furtherance of that party's free trade policy
clamored for foreign markets. We have jjh'en
the products of our factories and farms en
larged foreign markets, so that our shipments
abroad are now greater than ever before iu
the history of the republic and are increasing
with almost miraculous strides; but still they
are not Battened.
You remember how they declaimed about the
balance of trade being against us as a nation.
It was against us; but under this wise and
business-like administration we have turned
the tide and now it is vastly in our favor,
constantly Increases and in the year 1900 wiil
mount to the stupendous sum of five hundred
million dollars; but still they are not satis
fied.
SAMUEL. M. SHORTRIDGE, THE TIRELESS REPUBLICAN CAM
PAIGNER. ADDRESSING ONE OF THE GREATEST POLITICAL
MEETING OF THE CAMPAIGN AT METROPOLITAN' TEMPLE.
The question Is whether we desire to follow
the strange banner of the prophet or the stars
and stripes as held alcft by tbe peerless states
man. William McKinley. Life is a practical
thing: government Is a practical thing. Th«
Koiublkan party claims to be the friend of
lab?r, and I want to say that in this country
there ie but one king— labor. In this country
there is and can be but one constitution; there
is and can be only one fias; there is only****
<i«-siiny awaiting this country. That party
vt.'.ch gives labor to all, that awakeni the
music of Industry, if the friend of labor.
Think what has be»n accomplished in four
years. We have ome out of the darkness Into
Um light. Apply the ordinary tests of life and
«rfaa can say that the administration of Wil
liam XlrKinlej- has not been a blessing to
every section of the country?
The Blind Given to See.
The traveling Fpeakers v.-ho try to rise to
rtatesmanfhip by quoting the words of the dead
ere fond of quoting Lincoln. It seems that
*-ven the blind art* given to see. It took them
forty year? to understand that Lincoln was the
frreat flower of the century. And twenty years
honre vhen the passion* of this hour shall have
j und away, when the domestic and foreign
ITOhlemf now confronting u* shall have been
F-'\»d to the cre<lit and honor of the republic.
«rben tbla nation Fhall have becorne first In
f< -reign commerce as It is now flret' In manu
factures, first in agriculture and flret In do
rrsertic trade; when our flag shall have becom
'.Ar.i'.'.iBr In every port of the navigable earth
rnd honored and respected on every »ea under
] caven; wli»n the name American citizen shall
l.ave become a shield of protection in every
land, an inviolable passport round the world;
twenty years hence, when California shall have
t>ecome the first State In the Union, the horns
t,t ten millions Of people, rich with the golden
output nf her hills ani neMp. prosperous In a
jeacffu'i commerce that will pour Into her
jtnrts— Fan Dfepo. Iv"* Angeles. San Francisco
end Eureka— the wealth of the fruitful and ln
•-xhaustible Kaft: twenty years hence not only
t proud and grateful people, but a reformed and
regenerated Democracy, rejoicing In peace and
Focurity. will l^ok bark upon this administra
tion, and forgetting Brs'an, give ttmfHat to God
for the soldier -statesman and statesman-sol
dier, William McKlnley. ¦¦'¦'-'.:.'-
The Democratic party Is not only a party of
diusent and opposition: It is the Incarnation
r.f /Itusatlsfactlon. It maps out no large na
tional policy. «t construct* nothing of perma-
.Able Discussion of the True and False
Issues of the Campaign.
Th*> applause that nrose at the mention
of tho orat?r'p nanr» crew In violence as
Mr. Phorlriilpe BteppeQ forward, and not j
f r pf>vfral rr.inutfs would the enthusiasm i
ttt the audi^rifc permit him to proceed.
i-if spoke In part as follows:
I.S'Iips anJ Or.t'.emen: "Fe It ev»r rr> hum
t'". th»re Is no place like home." Returning
f • ivn a sort of [ill mini Jaunt through our lm-
I-ria! State r.f California, It pives me srrcater j
;'f.5i:ri> ther, I ran rjtrri'ra to look Into the I
!«.-.« <-f rvch an audience. I am here before
> -11 T<i syj^f>?t fork 1 ft'l'iltional reasons, to re
trinB sou of some facts which. In my Judg-
Bw;: tt ca'.Is unoa this State, requires this na
ticn to re-eleot that ttatffnun. that uneom- i
pr^rriTinc pi:ar<Jian of the flag, the unconquerej I
and useoaaaenfala William McKinley. Also
to »-esjir.d you of the loyalty due to that pa
triotic f=c!<iler anl Ftatfpman. our next Vice
r*reFi*e' r 't_ Th<?<vJore Roosevelt.
I hsve returnej frnrn that parflen *pot south
o* the TVhachlpi. pplendld, prosTesplve. Repub
lican Sot:th<Tn California. Everywhere from
Fan Di*i?o to the Tehachlpi mountains the Ru
pdflcta party 15 aroused, determined to con- j
tribute its part to the W.000 majority that this
Ftate shall pive to McKlcley. And down the
Fan Joa*juin Valley, where there is bo much of
v-i=.:th and rrosperlty, 1 find Republican* and
Ix-i^ocrats alike determined to stand by the
sirr-.iilstration that ha« contributed so much
to that rrosperlty. And bo In Northern Cali
fornia and the mountains, everywhere the peo
rle an anxious for the re-election of McKln
ley.
Fan Frencisro. this already great city, may I
rot believe that Pan Francisco Is determined
to support those policies that will make It the
N«"«- York of the Peciflc Coast: that will give
this city a population of a million people; that
will rsake our flag knoun In every port of the
•world? •
1 am here, hecause I am a simple, hooeful
Ilti^blican. This Stat* 1 . which Is but the ofC-
Pi-rins of that eplrit of the pioneers which,
vliho'jt the consent of the roverned planted
the flag here, must be In faror of the protec
tive tariC must be In favor of an extension
of our coTnmcroe.
SHOETBIDGE'S SPEECH.
SAMUEL. M. SHORTRIDGE wan
greeted by a great audience at
Metropolitan Temple last niffht.
None greater has gathered during
the campaign. Hundreds were
turned away, unable to get even standing
room.
For nearly two hours the speaker held
thf closf-st attention of his auditors. Of
those who were stand ng crowded together
!r. the roar about the doors and down the
t-.:«=!cs scarcely a man left until the end of
the meeting.
The s=pe*K*h was a notable effort, great j
lr its sustained elevation of thought and .
r. I •.::>• of sentiment.
The outpouring of his fellow citizens j
«raa a flattering tribute to the man who j
d>:rir.g the campaign has unselfishly de- j
voted his time, talrnt and money to the. !
iT.trrfsTs of the party; who more than any j
ct*-.»-r campaigner has aroused the people
of the State from their apathy In regard
to things political.
Keuhcn H. Lloyd, chairman of the even- i
lr?. called the meeting to order and said: J
'•We are not here to-night to argue with j
yu how you shall vote. We feel and be- i
li.>ve that rn<">?t of you have made up your
rrinds that we will let well enough alone. ;
¦\Ve are here to rejoice that in two short j
t rek? the man we admire most shall be
chbeen as admiral of the ship of state.
1 here Is none among us better fitted to i
<V«cup<! the affairs of T'ncle Sam than is
O'-r Pam. Permit me to introduce Samuel
W. Shnrtri-Jse."
ureat Audience ureets the Eloquent Republican Orator at Metro
politan Temple and Is Rewarded by a Notable Speech.
A VTT-1TT M CUnDTTtmniK . . *
SHORTRIDGE SPEAKS FOR PROGRESS
TOWARD WIDER DESTINY OF NATION
CANTON, Oct. 23.-A vessel having on
board 100 passengers was boarded by
pirates ten miles below here. Several
thousand pounds In specie was taken.
Looted -by Pirates.
Mrs. A. Pagano, 331 Lombard street.
•wore to a complaint in Judge Mogan's
court yesterday for the arrest of O. Tem
ponl. her next-door neighbor, on the
charge of malicious mischief. She ac
cused him of building a high fence against
the wall of her house to shut out the light
through spite. Temponl was arrested and
released on balL • - .
A. D. Dardis, ex-partner of Miss Fan
nie Trowbridge, was convicted by Judge
Cabanlss yesterday on tho charge of dis
turbing her peace at 1734 Market street,
and was fined (10. Prominent attorneys
were engaged for the prosecution and de
fense.
The case of General C. H. M. y Agra
xnonte, charged with embezzlement on
the complaint of John M. Chretien, the
disgraced attorney, was called in Judse
Cabaniss' 'court yesterday afternoon.
Chretien was brought from the County
Jail by Deputy Sheriff Atkinson. After
waiting for half an hour for W. H. L.
Barnes, Chretien's attorney, tua case- wai
continued until this afternoon, when It
will go on whether Barnes is present or
not.
poned Through the Absence of
an Attorney.
INCXDENTS IN POLICE COTTRT.
The Caso of General Agramonta Post-
C. S. Treadwell, a colored man, was ar
rested on Saturday night for. attempting
to commit a criminal assault upon Leonla
Maurice, a young girl living at 733 Fifth
avenue. He has been in the City Prison
since, and , yesterday morning Sergeant
Bidwell discovered that he had a revolver
bidden in a riding boot under the leg of
his - trousers. He was at once charged
with carrying a concealed • weapon. He
had been searched Saturday night by
Policeman Fenner, one of the officers who
arrested him. His examination on the
charge of attempted criminal assault was
commenced before Judge Fritz yesterday
Had a Revolver In His Cell.
The test case of Harry Corbett, charged
with violating the ordinance against pool
selling, was heard before Judge Mogan
yesterday. Lieutenant BIrdsall- testified
to buying a pool on the Hanrahan-Wesi
flsrht on June 18. Harry Piper being on the
other end, • and he was corroborated by
Policeman Ralnsbury. Corbett was con
victed and will be sentenced to-day. The
case was originally tried before Judge
Cabanlss, but the Judge refused to pro
ceed with It, pointing out that the special
prosecutor. Attorney Coffey, had not
taken the trouble to have the case set ana
his only information was through the
press as to what was being done with the
cases in his court. Coffey asked If he
would have any objection to transferring
the case to Judge Mogan, and It was
at once done.
Poolselling Test Case.
A Democratic rally will be held at
Metropolitan Temple to-night under, the
name of a mass meeting to protest
against a "British-American Alliance."
Robert Ferral, who la to preside, will be
the chief twister of the lion's tall. Mem
bers of the Transvaal Committee of Cali
fornia are expected to be prominent In
A mass meeting will be held to-night at
Mowry Hall under the auspices of the
Iroquois Club. J. H. Henry and S. E.
Vermllyea will be the speakers.
J. H. Henry, John Fairweather. Oscar
Sutro and James A. Emery will be
the speakers at a meeting at Tllton Hall,
Union and Octavia streets, to-morrow
D M. Delmas will speak at a rally at
San Jose Thursday night.
Democratic Bailies.
The Republican rally at Mowry Hall
will be held Thursday night, and not to
night, as at first announced. Irving
M. Scott will preside and Congressman
Loud and Frank McGowan will be the
sneakers.
Will A. Harris, the well known Los
Angeles lawjer and former Democrat,
will speak for McKinley and Roosevelt
at Metropolitan Temple Friday night.
The Swedish- American Republican Club
will hold a rally to-night at Pythian
Castle, 909 Market street. .
There will be a Republican rally Thurs
day night at Y. M. C. A. Hall. Hill street,
rear Valencia, in the Thirty-fifth Assem
bly district. A meeting will be held In the
same district at Stanford Hall, Mission
and Valencia streets, next Tuesday night.
Speak In Metropolitan Temple.
BKPUBLICAN MEETHrGS.
Will A. Harris of Los Angeles to
A SIGHT of the ordinary San Francisco delegation to the State Legisla
ture is not calculated to Inspire in the mind of the beholder any
great degree of respect for the intelligence and discrimination of the
voters of this city. The districts controlled by Kelly and Crimmlns
generally send a sorry assortment of statesmen to Sacramento.
Some of them entertain peculiar notions of honesty. Two years agro one of
the Kelly brand of statesmen declared that a brother Assemblyman— Dibble
of the Forty-flrfct — was not an honest man. He ttaid: "Dibble told us that
there was ISOO in a bill that was up for passage, axd we found out afterward
that there was" $1000."
In the election which takes place November 8 the citizens of the) Twenty
eighth Assembly district ought to vote for Eusrene F. Lacy. He was born
in San Francisco and was educated in the public schools of the city. He has
been In the service of tho Wells, Fargro & Co. express since 1S8S. He was
elected to the Assembly in 18%. .receiving 400 majority. He made a rood
record, serving with credit to his constituents and himself. At the request of
labor unions he Introduced and secured the passage of the bill making the
date of the State Labor day correspond with the date of tho national Labor
day.
Mr. Lacy is well and favorably known in fraternal and secret organiza
tions. He declined a nomination for the Assembly In 1898, but accepted this
year, receiving the nomination of the Democratic convention and the Citi
zen's Republican party.
About all that can be said of Charles R. Franklin, his opponent. Is
that he was nominated by Martin Kelly and Phil Crimmlns. If elected, he
would not consider himself under obligations to serve the people of the
Twenty-eighth Assembly district. He would not look to them for guidance
or instruction, but on the contrary would consult the bosses and vote for
such bills as Martin Kelly would recommend, and vote against measures
that Kelly could not commend. A vote for Franklin la a vote for the low
est type of bosses.
¦whole extent of the habitable globe."
The people understood Jackson even as they
understand McKlnley, and as they upheld the
h«>ro of New Orleans, even bo will they uphold
the Christian hero, who is putting forth the
plrength of the the republic to rescue American
citizens from Asiatic butchery and to strike
terror into the hearts of all who would touch
with hostile hands the American flag.
Is the enforcement of lawful authority, the
putting down of rebellious insurrection, "mlll
tArlsm?" Is the employment of American
tnyonets to rescue American men, women and
children from Indignity, death and mutilation —
Is that "militarli-m?"
Is the establishing- of peace, order, security
to life and property In territory rightfully ac
quired by the United States— is that "mili
tarism?" Was General Lawton a brigand — Is
General MacArthur a despot? Is General Chaf
fee an enemy of liberty? Was Admiral Dewey
a buccaneer, sailing under the black flas, or
an American hero* that smote tyranny in Its
stronghold and in an hour added additional
end imperishable luster to the Stars and
Stripes?
In Is "imperialism" to uphold authority and
enforce law and order In Porto Rico, in Alaska.
in Hawaii, in the Philippines?
Was James K. Polk an "Imperialist" when,
as President and Commander-in-Chlef. our flag
wan carried into the heart of Mexico and floated
in victory from the dome of its capitol?
Was Andrew . Jackson an "imperialist" at
New Orleans, or later, when he enforced
American right in Florida, or when he said:
"The Union — it must and shall be preserved."
and crushed incipient nullification in South
Carolina?
The False Alarmists.
Let the Democratic false alarmists Btand by
the grave of Jackson and prate of "Imperial
ism" if they dare. Why. sir, if that rugged
patriot could rise from his sleep he would blast
these lilliputians with one glance— his indigna
tion would silence them forever.
¦ Was Abraham Lincoln an "imperialist" when
he struck secession down and lifted man up—
when he saved the Union for you, for me, for
all who are heavy-burdened and thrist for lib
erty under law?
Was General Grant an "imperialist" when.
Laying aside his unconquerable sword, he said:
"Let us have peace?"
Was William McKinley an "Imperialist"
when, after diplomacy had failed, he approved
the declaration of war against Spain— a war as
righteous as it was glorious? Is he an "Im
perialist" now, when. In the discharge of his
high constitutional duties and in obedience to
an oath registered in heaven, he Is enforcing
the supreme laws of the land? '¦
What is this thing they call "imperialism?"
Is growth "imperialism?" If so, what en
thusiastic and aggressive "Imperialists" we
have been from Jamestown and Plymouth to
this very bourt Is expanding territory- "Im
perialism?" If so, how we have offended!
Was the Louisiana purchase due to Jeffer
son's "imperialism?" If so, then let us re
store it to France.
Was Florida acquired by reason of Monroe's
devotion to "imperialism?" If so, give it back
to Bpaln.
Was Texas the offspring of this monster "Im
perialism?" If so, cede it to Mexico, or set it
adrift as an lndepedent nation.
Is California, crowned with her fifty years
end celebrating- her golden Jubilee, a mis
shapen child of "Imperialism?" Were the
plcneers a gang of marauders? Are the Na
tive Sons of sterling manhood, the Native
Daughters of queenly beauty the descendants
of "lmperiaJlstie" freebooters? If so, pull
down the Stars and Stripes from the dome of
our Capitol and tell Governor Gage to give
vray to en heir of Montezuma,
Hearts Go With the Flag.
But the Democrats say all this territory
¦was "contiguous." That is a favorite word In
their vocabulary, almost equally so with
"paramount." How about Alaska? That was
rot contiguous. At every step of our progress
there have been timid men who have been.
alarmed at our national expansion. 'When
our soldiers and sailors are grappling- with an
other problem there are those to lend encour
agement to their enemies.
I The hearts of the American people follow the
flag and no Agulnaldo will ever be able to tear
it from the skies. No Democratic President
will ever be permitted to haul It down.
In this hour let us stand for the liar, let
us stand for our own Interests and tbe honor
and dignity of the flag. We have gone for
ward until we are in the forefront of the na
tions of the earth. Let me tell you. this na
tion does not intend to forsake the teachings
of the forefathers. We propose that the flag
thall stand for liberty, not oppression; for Jus
tice, not Injustice; for civilization, not bar
barism."
• Let us resolve that the nation's progress
shall not be checked, its honor assaulted.
Oh, my friends, those false lights you see will
be put out, those rocks will be avoided and
vnder the guidance of the Republican party our
nation shall go forward to a more splendid
civilization. •¦".,¦ s
Is ztran to ' card ; games in the home when
our new packs are -used, with 'our- soldiers'
and sailors' . facet on the - court . cards. Gilt
edged, : round corner*, Indexed, assorted backs,
highest quality, , In leatherette caie. Send 23
cents money or stamps for each pack,' to MaJt-
Nutrin© D«pt.. Anheuser-Busch Brewing Asa' a.
8t. iMUiB. MO. .v
An Added Interest
POTJGHKEEPSIE. N. Y.\ Oct. 23.— All
of the seven convict patients who escaped
from the Matteawan State Hospital on
Sunday evening have been captured.
Convicts Recaptured.
LONDON, Oct. 23.— According to a bul
letin issued at 11 o'clock to-night the con
dition of : Robert Buchanan, the novelist,
who ¦ is seriously ill, has undergone no
change.
Buchanan Very ..HI.
ARRANGEMENTS
FOR FUNERAL OF
JOHN SHERMAN
Business Houses and Public
Schools at Mansfield
to Close.
John Sherman.
May 10. 1S23.
October 22. 1900.
MANSFIELD. Onto, Oct. 23.—Arrange
ments for the public tribute to Senator
Sherman were completed to-night. Sur
vivors of the Sherman brigade will have
the place of honor in the funeral proces
sion on Thursday.
The Rlchland County Bar, the local mili
tia, city officials and other citizens will
have places in the procession.
Business houses and manufactories will
be closed from 10 a. m. until after the
funeral. The public schools will be dis
missed in the afternoon. Buildings will be
draped, and the nags of the city will be
at half-mast for ten days after the fun
er WASHINGTON, Oct. 23.— The body of
the late Secretary has been placed in a
heavy, plain, black-covered casket with
Fllver handles. A silver plate on the top
bears the simple Inscription:
Representatives" of the Loyal Legion, of
which organization the Secretary was a
member, and of the Sons of the American
Revolution will be present at the services
to-morrow. Special Invitations to attend
the services here have been extended to
the following friends, in addition to those
to whom personal and general invitations
have been issued: Mrs. Grant and Mrs.
Sartorls, Mr. and Mrs. John B. Hender
son, Mrs. Robert Anderson and the Misses
Anderson. Mrs. Audenreid. Mrs. Edward
Parker Wood. Mr. and Mrs. John Sher
man, ex-Senator and Mrs. Quay and ex-
Secretary and Mrs. John W. Foster. ;¦
The train bearing the remains ' and . the
members of the family and friends ac-
In a drunken fury Barnes murdered his
wife, stabbed and badly wounded a negro
who interfered and engaged In a rifle duel
with a white man who attempted to ar
rest him. He was caught by a posse after
a desperate fight, in which - he was shot
through the thigh. In charge of two
colored deputies. Barnes was started for
the County Jail here.
On the road his escort was put to flight
by a big crowd of negroes, who took the
murderer, into a thicket and shot him to
death. .. '
VICKSBTJRG, Miss., Oct. 23.— Glester
Barnes (colored) was lynched by a mob
of his own people in the northern part
of this county last night
Glester Barnes Is Taken
Prom Deputies and
MOB OF NEGROES
LYNCHES ONE OF
THEIR OWN RACE
"I am riot aware of . having made any
statement Justifying the assertion that I
am going. to support McKinley." vv
¦',Mr. Cleveland declined 'to make any
statement regarding bis position and the
TRENTON. N. J.. Oct. 23.— The Trenton
True American will to-morrow quote ex-
President .Cleveland as saying: ¦ '¦'..
Cleveland's Statement
KOBE, Oct. 23. — The ' French - transport
Caravane sank in the Inland Sea after a
collision with the Japanese liner Yama
guchl Maru. She was a coast service ves
sel and armed with a breech-loader. Three
Frenchmen who .were on board are miss
uuj. _ •^V'^;.Vi>:.-
French Transport Sunk.
WASHINGTON. Oct. 23.-Relatlve to
the European reports of the efforts of
the United States Government to pur
chase the, Danish West Indies It is said
here that there has been 4 no sensible
change in the status of this matter for
some time past. The United States Gov
ernment is quietly awaiting development*
In Denmark, where the last effective ob
stacle was Interposed to the transfer in
the shape of a popular outcry against the
cession of the islands. When the Danish
Government is in a position to make the
sale our Government will be prepared to
negotiate upon the subject afresh. The
Impression is" conveyed here that tba
figure named as the price to be paid,
$7,000,000, Is far beyond the mark.
Purchase of Danish West Indies.
BUENOS AYRES. Oct. 23.— It Is ru
mored here that the Brazilian fleet, tak
ing advantage of the President's absence,
has started a revolution in an attempt to
re-establish a monarchy. No confirma
tion of the report has been received and
It Is doubted by Brazilians here.
establish a Monarchy.
Special Cable to The Call and New York Her
ald. Copyright, 1900, by the Herald Pub
lishing Company. i
sence, Is Endeavoring to Re-
Said the Navy, in the President's Ab-
HUMOR OF ANOTHER
REVOLUTION IN BRAZIL
Senator Hawley is unable to be present
at the services here to act as pallbearer,
and Justice A. B. Hagner of the District
Supreme Court will take his place.
companylng them is expected to arrive at
Mansfield at 10 o'clock Thursday morning.
The services in the church there will be
held at 2 o'clock In the afternoon.
After the arrival of Lord : Methuen at
Zeerust there was a - reconnaissance in
force northward,. which resulted on Sun
day in the discovery of a large number
of Boera, . who were only dislodged after
artillery and rifle fire lasting four hours.
The British 'had four killed and, ten
wounded. -
Lord Roberts Is distributing , a fresh
circular to the effect that Boers voluntar
ily surrendering, > who uave never ;. taken
the oath of neutrality, will not be exiled,
but will \ be ; permitted . to - return to their
farms at the conclusion of hostilities.
Who Voluntarily Surrender to
1 Return to Their Farms.
CAPE TOWN. Oct. 23— Guerrilla attacks
by the Boers are still giving great trouble.
General ; French encountered- continuous
opposition in his march from Carolina to
Bethel;', his casualties numbering thirty
six. - i£&N4&RNMB*Wl*!*9 ¦
lK>rd Boberts Will Now Permit All
BOER GUERRILLAS
STILL ANNOY BRITISH
NEW YORK, Oct. 23.-Rlchard Croker
to-day devoted some attention to Roose
velt. "That wild Governor of ours," said
Croker, "gets wilder, all the time. How
would the American people like him for
President? I have It from Inside Repub
lican sources that Roosevelt was only in
duced to accept the nomination for the
Vice Presidency by being told McKlnley
was a sick man; likely to die soon. This
is not second-hand talk. Men who 'were
at the convention In Philadelphia and fol
lowed the changes Roosevelt made lold
me the Btory. They knew what they were
talking about. '¦¦•••¦.
"Now, suppose McKlnley should die and
Roosevelt be President. Some morning
the people would wake up and find them
selves in war. How would you like to
have a wild man in the White House?
Talk about dangerous men. There Is no
more dangerous man than Roosevelt. He
is not : safe to be allowed to go around
the country- making speeches, to say
nothing of electing: nlm Vice President,
with the possibility of his becoming Presi
dent. I feel certain Bryan will be elect
ed. Everything indica-tes it. Everything;
Is coming our way."
Dangerous Man.
Says Vice Presidential Nominee Is a
words quoted were In response to a sug
gestion from the reporter that a recent
letter of his reiterating his financial views
of 1S95 was being: construed as meaning:
he intended to support Mr. McKlnley In
the present campaign.
CHOKER ATTACKS ROOSEVELT.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, OCTOBER 2.4, 1900.
CALL SELECTIONS
FOR ASSEMBLYMEN
Two of the Eighteen Candidates of Its
Choice That Will Best Serve the People.
9
GRAPE-NUTS.
J "That Substantial %\
I FEELING 1 ' i
* , *
* after a *j
* . breakfast on %
I Grape- Nuis |
•*+**•••••*•*•*•***•••
PASTY CEREALS.
Responsible for Many Cases
of Indigestion.
Many cooks send cereals to the
breakfast table in a starchy, pasty and
wholly indigestible manner. You are
sure of a properly cooked dish when
Grape- Xuts are served. They are fully
cooked and can be served instantly.
Nature's methods are followed in mak-
ing Grape-Nuts, producing a true
predigested food, delicious to the taste
and appreciated by athlete, brain-
worker or invalid.
Grocers sell Grape-Nuts, and the
Posrum Co., at Battle Creek, make
them.
\JSfeu)i&lm
J eK^^SaE-ggagEK* metio. It U an
VSlsr "-•~^!Ja*7 »!rea<ly pre-
w \^$L WlrZs pared prescrlp-
a >^a»^^ tloa-» m«dl-
JT cated cream that never falls to
\ prove its efficiency. Anita Cream
7L has transformed hundreds of •*am-
J lnjlr ruined silns, and bai mada
A them beautifully clear and spotless.
J It draws all impurities to the sar-
* ' face, nmoTM . th« outer cutlol* In
v invisibly small particles and re-
i stores th« rosy blush of youth.
\ Freckles, tan, moth blotchas, pim-
3 pies, liver patches, muddlnesa acd
all other dlscoloratlons 61sapp«a>r
V . under the Influence of Anita Cream.
• The ; treatment Is dtllghtrul, quick
X and effective. A^Ita Cream eon-
tains no vaseline or ingredient that
«( will cause a growth of hair.
\J -¦ For sale by your druggist. If not.
send us 50 cents for full slxe Jar or
1 J 2c for information and a free sam-
pie. Anita Cream & Toilet Co..
J 307 Franklin St.. Lot Angeles. C»l.NEW YORK. Oct. , 23.— Special telegraphic
and cable communications to Bradsireet's show
the following - changes ' in •> available supplies
from last 'account: .'- : —
Wheat; - United ' States and ' Canada, east of
LIVERPOOL.
Wheat— Dec. Feb
Opening 6H e 1V4
Closing 5 11% 6%
PARIS. . .
Wheat— ' Oct. Jan.-Aprtl.
Opening 19 80 21 06
Closing 19 75 , 2100
Flour—
Opening .....25 60 27 10
Closing 26 36 27 00
Availably Grain Supply.
On the Produce Exchange . to-day the Butter
market was dull: creamery, 16@22c; dairy, 13®
18c. Cheese, firm, 10V4f ll^c. Eggs, steady;
fresh, 17V4c
Articles — Receipts. Shipments..
Flour, barrels 21,000 19,000
Wheat, bushels 245,000 112,000
Corn, bushels .'................429,000 • 499,000
Oats, bushels'... 345,000 626,000
Rye, bushels 16,000 2.000
Barley, bushels 2S9.000 18.000
BANK ¦• STOCKS.
A.nglo-Cal Ltd. 68H 70' First Natlonl..l56 300
Bank of Cal..4O8H«O Lon P &A....136Vi —
Cal S D & T..1MH105H Merchants' Ex 1«1»
INSURANCE STOCKS.
Flrem's « Fund. — ¦ — ¦ , ' •-"¦.'
GAS AND ELECTRIC STOCKS.
Cent L & P Co' 4 '4% Pac L Co...... 44 —
Kqult O>L : Co. - 3^4 3% Sac El GARCo 34 40
Mutual' El Co. 9% 10% S F G & E.... 60% — •
O G L & H.... 49% 49% San Francisco. 6 6«
Pac Gas Imp.. 51% 52 Stkn G & E Co — . 14
WATER STOCKS.
Contra Costa. . 69% 70% Spring Valley.. 9ju —
Marln County. 51& — •
Bay Co P Co. .102^104 Oak Water 5s vau —
Cal-st Cab 6s.. 118% — Oceanic SS Bs.iosviosu
C C Water 6s.. 107 — Om C Ry 6s i»s _
Kd L & P 6s. 131 — Pac O Imp 4s 103 " ;
F & CI Ry 6a.. — — P & Cl Ry 6s..l04V4106
Geary-st R 5s. — — P&ORR 6s. 113 _
H C & S 5'4s.. - - Powell-st R fci.1174 _
Do 6s 100 — Sac E G&R £s MKWilOl
L A R 5s 105%106H S F & SJV 6s 118 -
L A Lt Co 6s.. — 103 S R of Cal 6s. — _
Do gnta 6s... — — S P of A 6a 111 — .
L A gntd 6s.. — 101H S P ofC6s(1905)
LAPRR5S, — 102V4 (Series A). ...107% —
Market-st 6S...128H - , Do (Series B)m\ -
Do 1st M 6S..11SV* — S P C 6s (1306)109Uli0
N C N O R 7s. - 114 Do tt91»_.lis iw«
N R ot Cal 6s.ll3 — S P R 1st ir 58.107 —
'Do 6s 116% — 8 P R 6s.. ...130
NPCRR 68.102 — S V Water 6s 113 —
Do 6s......... — 1071$ Do 4s !iO3
N Cal Ry 6S..110H — Do. 3d mtg..lO2 —
Oak G L & H.109% — Stktn Gas 68:.10O —
Oak Tran 6s...U6%117
MISCELLANEOUS BONDS.
TUESDAY. Oct. K-2:30 p. m.
UNITED STATES BONDS.
Btd.Ask. I . bi,j Agfr
Is quar coup...ll4«ill5i£ »s do cp (n«w). 134^133%
Is do rey 114»4U5>il3s do coup — uo2
Business was better on the morning' session
of the Bond Exchange. Makaweli was firmer
at $41 25©41 SO and Spring Valley Water at
$03 60.
There was no noteworthy change in the after
noon. . . ¦
There was a fair business In the oil stocks at
previous prices.
STOCK AND BOND EXCHANGE.
. BARLEY— The market continues in the stag
nant i condition already : noted, ¦ and quotations
show "" -"irlntlnnTHfl 'M "] Winrr^TirTi— m
Feed. : 71%(ff72Hc • for : choice brig ht. 68%©70c
for No. ; l : and 1 62^j@67',ac } tor. off grades ; Brew-
; - Afternoon Session— December— 2000 ctls, 97Ho:
8000. 97%c. May-14,000.. 1103%; 2000, ?1 03%
4000. $1.03%. ¦ ;- • ¦ -' ¦¦¦:¦¦ .
Regular Morning Session— December— 4000 ctls."
96%c; • 6000. 97c;. 8000. 97%c: 4000, 97%c. / May—
4000,. $1 03: 2000, $1 03%; 2000. $1 03%; 12.000,
$1 034;;2000, $1 03%.: . .. ' ' . . ¦¦/¦ • = -
Second | Session— No sales.
Informal Session — 9:15 o'clock — December — 8000
ctls, 96%c. , May— 2000 ctls, $1 03%; 2000, $1 03%;
2000, $1 03%; 26.000.. $1 OVA. . ' • .;
CALL BOARD SALES.
WHEAT— The markets all over the world are
in bad shape. Paris being the only one to show
firmness. New, York and Chicago both . de
clined again. Cables were discouraging and the
f eelir-i was nervous. J Liverpool declined - Id.
The weather in the 'Northwest was unsettled.
Speculative support was poor. ,- Liquidation was
ceneral*and the 'market was heavy. .Brad
street's reported an increase of 2,000,000 bush
els * In the world's visible ' supply. ¦ Beerbohm
claims that supplies In the United Kingdom are
larser than at any corresponding time. In the
last flve years, : and * the quantity afloat larger
than In any year since 1893. .
• The : local market was lower on call, but ' un
chansed;on the spot.-
Spot Wheat— Shipping, J6c; Milling. »7Hc@
Jl per ctl.
WHEAT FREIGHTS— There are now. several
disengaged wheat vessels in port,', something
which has not been seen for some weeks. The
market Is nominally unchanged at 43s, usual
options. The chartered wheat fleet In port has
a registered tonnage of 44,900. against 64.800
tons ' on the same date last year; dlseneased,
9500 tons, against • — — — ; : on the way to this
port, 130,000 tons, against 211,700. :
Wheat and Other Grains.
Sterling Exchange, 60 days — $4 82
Sterling Exchange, sight — . 4 85
Sterling Cahlts — 4 86
New York Exchange, sight — 10
New York Exchange, telegraphic — 12H
Fine Silver, per ounce — 65
Mexican Dollars, nominal.....'... 60H @ 61:
Exchange and Bullion.
CHICAGO, Oct. 23.— Liquidation by discour
aged longs, influenced mostly by a lUd drop at
Liverpool, ruled In the wheat pit throughout
the session. The heavy movement, favorable
weather and a slow cash demand added to the
bull demoralization. Some export business was
accomplished at the decline, but there was
not enough of it to check the bull rout. The
increase in the world visible, 2.156.000 bushels,
although under expectations, also failed to ma
terially affect the price. The selling was gen
eral, the demand local and scattered and little
calculated to withstand the heavy lines which
came- Into the pit through commission houses.
December opened '4Q%c lower at 73% to 73%o,
rallied early to 73%c and then dropped steadily
tc 7I^ic near the end of the session. The clo«e
was week. December l%c down at 72%g72*ic
Corn held remarkably steady In view of the
wheat weakness, better weather, liquidation by
long.!, absence of bull leaders and renewed short
selling. December closed %c lower at 3S9ic.
The oats market felt the bearlshness o( other
grains. Buslnerp - showed little activity. De
cember closed \4c lower at 21%@22c.
Provisions were weak at the opening because
of a decline at the yards and as the grain
weakness became pronounced later ' provisions
eased oft still further, dosing weak. Janu
ary pork closed 32Hc lower, lard 12V4c down and
ribs l'H^Oc depressed.
The leading futures ranged as follows:
Articles— Open. High. Low. Close.
Wheat No. 2—
October W4 72% 71% 71%
November 73 . 73 71^ 72
December 73% 73% 72«» 72%
Corn No. 2— ¦ ¦
May 36«i 36% S6 s«U.
October 40T» -¦•' 41 ... ¦ 89% 39H
November S8',i 38H 37% 87%
December S5% 3ST4 S5'. s 35%
Oats No. 2—
October 21% 21% 2U4 21H
November «. 21T4 21 7 /« 21^ 21%
December 22H 22% •SITi 22
Mess Poric, per bbl—
October '. 14 00
November 10 80 10 80 10 60 10 75
January....' 1180 11 37V4 11 05" 11 07tf
Lard, per 100 lbs —
October .6 87^
November 6 95 6 95 6 85 6 85
January <? 62>4 6 C2% 6 53 C 65
Short Ribs, oer 100 lbs—
October 6 RO 6 S5 6 SO 6 85
November 6 20 6 22H 6 20 6 20
January 5 97% 6 97ft 6 85 6 85
Cash quotations were as follows: No. 3 spring
whett. 67<&74c; No. 2 ted. 73g74%c: No. 2 corn,
40@40V4c:' No. 2 yellow. 40Vic; No. 2 oats, 22>;c;
No. 3 whits. 23%®24%c; No. 2 rye. 49c; fair to
choice malting barley, 47@55c: No. 1 flax seed,
1174; No. 1 Northwestern, $175: prime timothy
seed, $4 O5@4 15; mess pork, per bbl. $11 50; lard,
per 100 lbs, $6 97H@7 06; short-rib Bides (loose),
IS 80®7 10; dry salted shoulders (boxed), '6>4@
6^£c: short clear sides (boxed), J6 90@7; whisky,
baels <tf high wines, $127: sugars, cut loaf.
6.30c: granulated, 6.90c; confectioners' A. 6.70c;
off A. 5.&5c; clover, contract grade, $10@10 25.
NEW TOItK STOCK LIST.
Shares Clo'slng
f«o!d. Etock*— Bid.
r2.7M> Atchlson 5114
1S,£7S Atchlson prefd 74>yi
NEW TORK. Oct. SS.-The warning contained
In yesterday's flurry in call money to 6 per
cent was taken by the speculative element to
day and the rather intemperate buying, which
hae flooded the market since the latter part of
last week was materially curtailed. There was
a great deal of burJness done in the first hour,
but the «e!lir.g to realize clearly outweighed
the t.uying demand. In spite of some sharp
manipulative advances in a few epecialties.
and the average level of price* went below lat.t
night. The selling was not at all precipitated
and showed a tendency to decrease as prices
receded to the lower level, but when efforts
•u-fre made to bid up j.rlces again it was found
that selling orders were waiting at the higher
Ie\-el In sufficient volume to force prices bacic
again. Late In the day a much heralded up
ward movement in Northern Pacific came into
notice. For several days past rumors have
k*tn h*-srd of a bull pool In this stock based
«1 the large short interest known to exist in
It end the reduced floating supply, owing to the
recent buying of a mibrtamial character which
arpearfd when the quotation ¦ got below 50
The price was &4V» to-day, when the advance
began and it carried and quotation up through
tome very heavy ee!ling without material set
back to a shade over L8. making the net rain
2<5». Oreat Northern preferred was advanced
fiv* points correlative]}-. It was alleged on be
half of the movement that the Impairment In
the earning power of the railroads In the
Northwest by the shortage of the spring wheat
crop had been greatly overstated. The state
ment of the Northern Pacific for the second
•a-f-rk in October Bhows a decrease In gross
earnings of ?17,<r>3. notwithstanding additional
mileage cornered with last year of nearly 400
miles. There was a notable disinclination in
the rfst fi the market to respond to this move
ment and the r^coverie* were quite Insignifi
cant. The fa!! In the call loan rate to Z^. per
cer.t in the laM half-hour was equally without
rff»>ct In reawakening speculation and the
ir.iirket closed lrrcrular at some net chanres
The earlier fialfs for call loans ruled from 4H
to C per cent «nd Jt ie not unlikely that the re
action r«j due to the abstinence of the specu
lator* from further encroachment on money
rofources. The events of the day had the ef
fort of awakening some fr*>sh uneasiness over
th» market conditions and these were not al
topether allayed by the renewed weaknecs of
exchange, especially Paris cheques. - The trans
fer of currency to New Orleans through the
*urtre«sury was also renewed to-day. A doubt
exists regarding the effectiveness of hirh coal
loan rate* In renewing gold Imports. The gold
thus far secured was the result of scouring the
cpen market eur>j>lj«»« over Europe, without
arousing the opposition of the *Teat central
barking Institutions which would have to be
fponxors for any considerable pold supply
Buyers of tlm» money show a disinclination
to pay as much as five p»r cent, while bank
ers have counted upon a jrood market for time
loans at C per cent. Whether they will 1*. in
clined to Import gold under the circumstances
to meet the exigencies of cpeculatlpn Is a
mooted <ju<»rtion. * -
There was a decided falllnr off in business in
bonds and prices reacted at various points.
Total ««les. par value. tl.O0.000. j ¦¦-. . -
United States bonds were unchanged on the
last loan.
New York Stock Market.
Marv Burns to James T. Burns, lot on W
line oTJoyce street. SOO S^of Point Lobo. s,y«
™£L£J\o Annle^MciiuHen <»»"•>•**» JJ
line of Boyce street. ITS 9 of Point Lobe* •,¦»•
nT b Vi'r|infa Goldsteln. Carrl* IJowwfsld, TW1«
Ackerman (wife of I. 'S.). Bedds Ackermaa
Arlfl of I. H.). Sophie Stelnberger (wlf« of
Adolph). Sanford and William Goldstein and
Jacob Frowenf eld to John McCormick. lot on
S line of Post street. U7:S W of C-ougb, W XI:l
Carles F.. Gu»sl» Mc!L and Robert MeM.
Hunt, Ellen McMurray (by Spencer C. Buck
bee referee) to Herman Heyneman. lot on N
line' of Pacific avenue. 68:9 W of Larun* street.
W 6S:9 by N 137:«, referee's deed; {4O.2S0.
Edward Murphy to Hannah Murphy, tot If
line of Post street. 110 E ot Lyon, £ 27:4 by M
137:6; gift.
Charles T. Parker to Clara. C Parker, lot on
5 line of Jackson street. 110 W ot Walnut. W.
27:8 by S 10O; gift.
Anselmo J. M. (or Joeaph M., or 3. M.) d»
Laveaga to Mary d« Laveagi (ttITs), lot oa 8
line of Tllden street. 1M W of Cajtro, W 77:1
by S 134:5: gift.
Charles R. and Frederick Ballhaos to Oai
sepp« Pcnslnl. lot on N line of Vallejo straat.
117:4 W of Montgomery, N 44:6 by E 30:1; 110.
Henry J. and Daisy A. Grogan /<La Ousvtl).
minors (by Annie La Guevel, ruardlan) to
Terese Valencia, lot on NE corner of Washln4T»
ton and Hyde streets. N 32:4 by E S7:<: UOtt.
Dalsy A. Oroean (Le Guev»i> to Anni* lm
Guevel. cane; sift.
Annie Le Guevel to Teress Valsada, sam«|
$10. *
Terese Valencia to Tomaso Cuneo same tlfl.
Grace B. MacPhie to Alice B. MacPhls. lot
on W Una of Ninth avenue. 260 S of California
street. S-4^bjr W 120: srlft.
Solomon am Dora Get* to LOHe E. Gresnaa,
lot on E line of Twelfth avenue, 200 S ot I
street. S K -by E 120; 110.
Charles T. Parker to Clara C Parker, lot S,
block P. Park Lane Tract No. 4: gift.
Same to Same, lot 18. block V. Park Lan*
Tract No. *; alft. .-- ': "
Robert and Louise C. Wannenmacher to Jen
nie H. and John L. La Place, lots 261 to 284,
Heyneman Tract; JW. ™.,,,.
Mary G. Phillips to Thomas Phillips, lot on
NW line of Arlinirton street. 163 NE of Roan
oke. NE 60 by NW 100, lot 7. block T. Fair
mount; $10.
Dennis Donoho* Jr. to Jacob Heyman, lot
on SW line of Eighteenth avenue 150 NW of
H street. NW 75 by SW 100. block 363. 8©uti»
San Francisco Homestead; J10.
M. K. Davids to John Murphy, lot on BE
corner of Plymouth and Lobos streets. B 10O
by S 125; $10. ¦ '¦
aara Schnabel to Henry F. Blanchet Jr.. lot
on NE line of Sixth avenue (5 street). 100 SE
of K street. SE 100 by NE 100. lot 238. block
99, Central Park: 110.
William W. and Margaret A. Piper «o August
Herrmann, lot on NE line of Sixth avenue
(S street). VM NW of A street. NE 100, NW
150 lots 13 and 14. block 108, South San Fran
cisco Homestead and Railroad Association: J10.
American Surety Company of New York to
Theodore S. and Minna A. Holn. lot on E lln«
of Laguna street. 2«:8 S of Greenwich. S 26:8 by
E 62:6; $10.
Theodore S. and Minna A. Holn to FHomena
F Scheester. same: $10.
Mary T. Keane. Laura A. Milton (K>an«> and
Joseph L. Milton to Catherine Sheehan (wtr«
of John H.), tot on S line of California street.
156:3 E of Lyon. E 25 by S 137:«; flO. .
Builders' Contracts.
Elizateth Buckley (owner) with O.T. W.
Jensen (contractor), architects SalSeld A Kohl,
berg— Alterations and 'additions except plumb-
Ing and palntinar. for a two-story frame build-
Ing (tlats), on W line of Buchanan street. 97:«
N of McAllister. N 40 by W. 72; $5700.
William John (owner) with William S. Snook
6 Fon architect C. A. Meuss
dorffer— Plumbing, gas fitting, sewer work
etc.. for a three-story basement and attic fram«
buildinx. on SW corner or Ellis and Gouzh
streets. W 25 by S 90: $1070.
Dr. W. S. Thome (owner) with C F.'Sheib
ley (contractor), architects Dunn & Schroepfer
—Excavating, brick and carpenter work, plan-"
terlnfr. painting. «tc. except gas fixture*
shades and art glass for alterations and addi
tions to a two-story frame building.' on N Un«<
of Pacific avenue, 170:8 W of Buchanan street.
_ 27. S 117. E 27. N 117: $4820. -
Same (owner) with Icklehelmer Bros, (con
tractors), architects same— Gas fitting-, plumb
ing, etc.,', except tiling for same, on sam«(
BEAI, ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
The market for evaporated apples continues
small, nominally unchanged prices. State
common. 45?Sc; prime, 4»iS5Uc; choice. EVi@6c;
farcy, 64?6V4c,
California dried fruits inactive. Prunes were
quoted, 3^i(ftSV4 per pound, as to size and
quality.
APRICOTS— Royal. Ilffl4c; Moorpark. 15@16c
PEACHES— Peeled. 16©20c; unpeeled. 6@9c
DRIED FRUITS.
COFFEE— Spot— Rio. easy; No. 7 Invoice, S%c;
mild, quiet; Cordova, 9%®14c. Futures — Closed
steady at a net loss of 10 points. Total sales,
33,500 bags, including: October, $6 85; Novem
ber, $6 80: December. $6 95; January, $7; Febru
ary, $7; March, $7 15; April. J7 20; May, $7 20©
7 25: June, J7 30; September, $7 40.
SUGAR — Raw, weak; fair refining. 4Hc; Cen
trifugal, 96 test, 4Sc; molasses sugar, 3T»c re
fined, quiet.
BUTTER— Receipts, 8220 packages; firm;
creamery. 16Q22V4c; June creamery, lS l g21c; fac
tors'. I3@16c.
EGGS — Receipts, 13,315 packages; steady;
Western regular packing at mark, 16t?19c;
Western, less off. 21c.
NEW TORK. Oct. 23.— FLOUR— Receipts,
33,716 bbls; exports, 25,694 bbls; sales, 8300 pack
ages; weak and quoted lower In some grades,
with business moderately active at the decline.
Winter straights. $3 45@3 53; Minnesota pat
ents. S4';i4 45; winter extras, $2 65@3.
WHEAT— Receipts, 1S5.S23 bushels; exports,
64,646 bushels. Spot, weak; No! 2 red, 77Hc t.
o. b. afloat and 75^c elevator; No. 1 Northern
Duluth, S3& f. o. b. afloat: No. 1 hard Duluth.
87c f. o. b. afloat. Options broke again to-day
under severe liquidation, prompted by heavi
ness abroad, continued absence of outside sup
port, burdensome 'domestlo stocks and small
clearances. An active extension of short ac
counts attended the decline, leaving the dose
weak at l-ti?l*4c net loss; March, 80<KffSl%c,
closed SOTic; May. S0%©81»i. closed 80%c; Octo
ber dosed, 75%c; December, 77V4@78%c, closed
774c.
HOPS— Quiet.
HIDES— Firm.
WOOL— Quiet.
New York Grain and Produce.
G. H. WILLSON, Local Forecast Official
OTt>th Meridian— Pacific Time.)
FAN FRANCISCO. OcU 23—5 p. m.
The following maximum temperatures were
reported from stations in California to-day:
Eureka «0|Los Angeles 74
Mt. TamainelB So I Sacramento 70
Independence 78 'San Luis Oblspo .... 72
Red Bluff 70 San Diego 68
FrcFno 72i
Pan Francisco dats: Maximum temperature,
C4: minimum, 52; mean. £8.
WEATHER CONDITION'S AND GENERAL
FORECAST.
Cloudy weather prevails over the northern
portion of the Pacific slope and generally fair
over the southern. Lijrht rain has fallen along
the coast from Cape Mendocino northward and
over ¦Washington and Western Oregon.
The prewure has fallen over Washington and
Oregon and risen over the southern portion of
the Pacific Flope.
The temperature has fallen over the Reeky
Mountain redone and remained nearly sta
tionary In other districts.
Conditions are favorable for fair weather In
CalTornia Wednesday.
Forecast made at San Francisco for thirty
hours ending rr.ldnipht October 24:
Northern California— Partly cloudy Wednes
day u-ith showers <->n the extreme northwestern
coast ; fresh northwest wind.
Southern California — Fair Wednesday; light
west wind.
Nevada— Fair Wednesday.
Utah— Cloudy Wednesday; probable showers
In the mountains.
Arizona — Fair Wednesday.
Stn Francisco and vicinity— Partly cloudy
Wc<2nes*3ay; fresh west wind.
Weather Report.
The report of A. O. McAdie. section director
cf the California section of the climate and
crop service of the Weather Bureau, for the
pa»t week is as follows:
"Nearly normal weather conditions have pre
vailed during the week, with considerable
cloudiness and rain in most places. *.n the
northern part of the State the rainfall has
been sufficient to still further improve the con
dition of the soil and to (rive more life and
rapid growth to *rree-n feed and early sown
grain; In the southern partton the precipitation
was too lipht to be of material benefit, except
in a few favored localities. No serious dam
a** was done to raisins and fruit still on the
trar«. a« timely warning* had been given. A
heavy rain at this time would be very bene
ficial jn all sections.
'The raifin and fruit crops are now mostly
cured and under shelter. Raisins are eaid to
be cf superior quality in all eections, and in
nomr vineyards the yield is about average,
while In ether-? it f&Ilf considerably below;
considering quality and the large yield in many
places. It is believed the crop will compare
favorably with most seasons. The yield of
deciduous fruit. pftwdMy excepting prunes. Is
¦ hove the average in all sections north of the
T«-hachapl. and the quality is excellent. In
many orchards prunes have yielded average
crops, and the fruit is of good size, while in
others the yield has b*>en comparatively light
and the fruit Email. Oranges are maturing
earlier than usual in most places and give
promts* of a heavy crop; It is reported that
the early Porterville oranges will be ready for
shipment about November 1. Olives are ripen
ing and pickling has commenced in some
places. Walnut picklrg Is progressing.
"Early eown grain is up and looking well in
portions of the Sacramento Valley. In some
localities new press haa started sufficiently for
grazing, and pasturage will be abundant in a
few weeks. Alfalfa Is doing well. Summer
lallow seeding is nearly completed in some
wotions and progressing rapidly in others. Re
ports from all sections indicate that an unusu
ally larjre acreage of grain Is contemplated for
the coining neason."
Climate and Crop Bulletin.
12.0C0 Baltimore & Ohio 74T4
SCO Canadian Pacific 86«i
100 Canada Southern 53>i
3.8J0 Chesapeake & Ohio 30%
GOO Chicago Great Western 12%
4,730 Chicago Burlington & Quincy 128H
100 Chicago Ind & Louisville 22
100 Chicago Ind & Louisville prefd 64
Chicago & Eastern Illinois 95
Chicago & Northwestern 163
1.735 Chicago Rock Island & Pacific 109
200 C C C & Et Louis 63H
fcuO Colorado Southern 6
Colorado Southern 1st prefd 3*
Colorado Southern 2d prefd .IS
610 IJelaware & Hudson H3'i
Delaware Lackawanna & Western. .177
Denver & Rio Grande 20V*
610 Denver & Rio Grande prefd 70U
Krie 12VA
«2 Erie 1st prefd 35
4,810 Great Northern prefd....*. 166
S20 Hocking Coal 16
1.300 Hocking Valley 36T4
1,390 Illinois Central HS s i
200 Iowa Central 19U
Iowa Central prefd 42
1.310 Lake Erie & Western 87
350 Lake Erie & Western prefd 107
Lake Shore 206«4
3,«W Louisville & Nashville 75«i
12.&00 Manhattan L 9SVi
3*3 Metropolitan Street Railway 159 l »
1,150 Mexican Central 12*«
100 Minn & St Louis. 59 l *
400 Minn A: St Louis prefd 97» 4
9,750 Missouri Pacific bi% I
200 Mobile & Ohio 40
Missouri Kansas & Texas. 10
2,600 Missouri Kansas &. Texas prefd 31'.4
100 New Jersey Central 136
2,600 New York Central....' 133'4
MOO Norfolk & Western 37V4
440 Norfolk & -Western prefd 76
74,200 Northern Taclfic 5"T»
4,2«0 Northern Pacific prefd 73»i
2 t %0 .Ontario & Western ,.. 22\%
Oregon Railway & Nav 42
Oregon Railway & Nav prefd 76
6.9C0 Pennsylvania 133=»
£1*0 Reading 17V
4,300 Reading 1st prefd 5S**
200 Reading 2d prefd 2M*
Rio Grande Western 43
Rio Grande Western prefd 90
St Louis & San Fran Ill*
St Louis & San Fran 1st prefd 6S
ICO St Louia & San Fran 2d prefd 36
600 St Louis Southwestern 13H
6U0 £t Louis Southwestern prefd... t.... 30**
2.570 St Paul 115»»
6,175 St Paul prefd 171
St Paul & Omaha 113
61.K«0 Southern Pacific 35H
g.585 Southern Railway 12%,
3,720 Southern Railway prefd 56%
3,475 Texas ii Pacific 17} 4
24.100 Union Pacific 61*i I
3,025 I'nion Pacific prefd 75H
100 Wal.ash 7Vi
2.340 Wabash prefd 19 1 ,*
4.C00 Wheeling & Lake Erie &\
2,910 Wheeling & Lake Erie 2d prefd 26";,
Wisconsin Central 124
110 Third Avenue 103
Express Companies —
200 Adams 128
American 153
150 United States , 43tf
Wells Fargo 125
Miscellaneous—
670 American Cotton Oil 36
American Cotton Oil prefd 91
100 American Malting 4%
American Malting prefd 23
2,370 American Smelting & Refining 4U4
410 American Smelting & Refining pfd. 90^4
American Spirits 1
American Spirits prefd 17
2.570 American Steel Hoop 24V*
1,030 American Steel Hoop prefd 72H
17,060 American Steel & AVlre 35»i
L610 American Steel & Wire prefd 'o^
1,710 American Tin Plate 33W
250 American Tin Plate prefd 82
18.ST5 American Tobacco 9S
2.060 American Tobacco prefd .- 127 -
135.410 Anaconda Mining Co 46H
6.94 1 ) Brooklyn Rapid Transit 63
6,555 Colorado Fuel & Iron 3&*i
1,615 Continental Tobacco 29H
13,500 Continental Tobacco prefd 81%
1.910 Federal Steel 29»i
625 Federal Steel prefd 68
LOOO General Electric 144
150 Glucose Sugar 65
250 Glucose Sugar prefd 98
200 International Paper 19^
International Paper prefd 65
Laclede Gas 69^4
1.390 National Biscuit 35V4
National Biscuit prefd 91
610 National Lead 21 Vi
3.360 National Lead prefd 97
4S0 National Steel 29T4
«•'«> National Steel prefd 86
COO New York Air Drake 127
100 North American 155H
Pacific Coast 68>4
Pacinc Coast 1st prefd 84
Pacific Coast 2d prefd 66
4.900 Pacific Mall 43
1.130 People's Gas 94\4
1.5J0 Pressed Steel Car U\
C55 Pressed Steel Car prefd ,. 81
Pullman Palace Car ISO
Standard Rope & Twine 5
SO.4S0 Sugar 123%
400 Sugar prefd 115
8.S00 Tennessee Coal & Iron 68T4
9,590 United States Leather 11%
422 United States Leather prefd "1»4
4,375 United States Rubber 33ft
352 United States Rubber prefd 94
743 Western Union 80%
3,419 Republic Iron & Steel 14^
1.379 Republic Iron & Steel prefd 5««*
P C C & St L 65
634.900 Shares sold.
CLOSING BONDS.
C S 2s refunding:, N Y Cent lsts 108%
res 104 rc j Cent sen 6s. ..123
do coup 104 No Pac 2s £6^4
do 3s re« 109 do 4s 103H
do coup 109% S Y C 4 !t L 4e.lO7
do new. 4s re* 1334 INorf & W con 4s.. 97$»
¦ do coup 134 ',4 Or Nav lsts ..109
do old 4s reg 114% do 4s 103%
do coup 114-4 Or S Line 6s.; 127
do 5s ng 112 do con 5ii 114
do coup 113U Reading gen 4s ... S8«K
Die of Col 3.Cs....J23'i R G W lsts 9S%
Atchlson gen 4S...100U «t L & I M con Ss.UOfe
do adj 4s S7S 5t L & S F ren 68.124
Can So 2.5s lO6',i 3t Paul cons 17014
Ches & Ohio 4^s..lOO 5t P C & Pac lsts.H8V4
do Es 120 do 5s 113
C & NW con 7s. ...139% 5o Pac 4s -80^4
do S F deb 5s 120 do Ss ...'. 109%
Chi Term 4s 92^ 5 Rorve & T 6a 68H
Colo South 4s S2Vi!l>x & Pac lets. ...113%
D &. R G lets 103 do 2ds 72
do 4» 99«4 Union Pac 4s 106
Erie gen 4s 71^ Wabash lsts ..117%
Kt W & D C lsts.. 73 do 2ds ..103
Gen Elee Es 1M West Shore 4s .....112*4
Iowa Cent lsts 115 Wls Cent lsts 87V4
L & Nash unl 4s.. 9<;«iiVa cent 91
It K & T 2ds 67%l do 4s 92
MINING STOCKS.
tThollar 18 Ontario E 78
! Trown Point 11 Dphlr 83
Cal & Va..... 1 00 Plymouth "- U
DftadwooiJ 50 Quicksilver 125
3ould & Curry .... 70 do prefd 6 00
Hale & Norcross.. 3S sierra Nevada .... 35
Homeatake ........SS 00 Standard 3 40
Iron Silver , 70 Union Con? 20
Mexican .: 37 ..Yellow Jacket 15
BOSTON STOCKS AND BONDS.
Money— Union Land •' W
Call loans .....3^1 West End ...- 92
lime loans <H5/6 Bonds—
6tocks— Atchtson 4s 39U
Atchison 31 N E G & Coke (m.. 62%
do prefd 7Jtf Mining shares—
Am Sugar 123% Adventure ......... 4%
do prefd :....m Allouez Min Co .. 2V4
Boston & Albany.. 247 Amalir Copper .'... 91-
BoBton Elevated ..153 Atlantic 24U
Boston & Maine... ISO Boston &• Mont.... 815
C B & Q l2Si i Butte & Boston... 65
Dom Coal 40 i Calumet & Hecla..775
do prefd 113 Centennial 17%
Fed Steel 39% Franklin 15ft
do prefd 67% Humboldt 25
Gen Elec 14S% Osceola 73
do prefd 140 Parrot 45%
Ed Elec 111 .........213 Quincy 150
Mex Cent 12% Santa Fe Copper.. 7
Mich Telephone ... HZ Tamarack ..257'
N E G &. Coke. ...131 Utah Mining 32'i
Old Dominion 21H Wlnona 3%
Union Pae 61%, Wolverines 42»»
London Market.
NEW YORK. Oct 2S.— The Commercial . Ad
vertiser's London financial cablegram : says:
There was general = dullness In the markets
here to-day, occasioned mainly by the reaction
in the American department, in which activity
has mainly centered during the last few days.
London was engaged In taking profits pre
liminary to the settlement to-morrow. Berlin
also sold with some freedom and the good
support from New York held the market to a
degree of firmness. The Bank or England lost
£2SO,000 gold to Egypt and £30,000 to Holland.
France took a parcel of gold in the open mar
ket. India Is still buying silver.
CLOSING. ...
Atchlson, 83; Canadian Pacific, 89%; 'Union
Pacific preferred, 78: Northern Pacific . pre
ferred. 76; Grand Trunk, 6%; Anaconda, 9%;
R&nd mines, 40H- Bar Silver, steady, 80%d
per ounce. Money, 1% per cent.
New York Money Market.
NEW YORK. Oct. 23.— Money on call, firm
at 3H95 per cent; last loan, 8% per cent'
Prime mercantile, 6@6 per cent Sterling ex
change, easy, with actual business in bankers'
bills at $4 83% for demand and |4 80% for sixty
days; posted rates. $4 8l',i«T4 82 and $4 85%; com
mercial bills, $4 80%@4 80%. Silver certificates,
64V4@t5V4c. Bar silver, 65c per ounce. Mexican
dollars. 51c.
•Government bonds — eteady: State bonds,
steady; railroad bonds. Irregular.
Condition of the Treasury.
WASHINGTON, Oct. 23.— To-day's statement
of the treasury balances in the general fund,
exclusive of the $160,000,000 gold reserve In the
division of redemption, shows: Available cash
balance, .«182. 667. 164; gold. $S5,968,550.
Silver continues to advance. Exchange unchanged.
Wheat depressed all over the world.
Barley nominal and very dull. Oats very strong and active. ,
Corn 'sells off weU at steady prices. Rye quiet.
Beans in active demand for shipment. Seeds nominal.
Bran and Middlings weak and Hay hardly as firm.
Potaiocs, Onions and Vegetables shozv little change.
Butter weak, with accumulating stocks. 'Cheese firm.
Eggs firm, with light receipts and small stocks.
Fresh Fruit market quiet and featureless.
Dried Fruits generally dull and weak.
Raisins and Honey strong and active.
Provisions in fair demand at unchanged prices.
Wool neglected and nominal. Hops in fair demand and steady.
Hides and LeatJier firm, with a better demand.
Meat market as previously quoted.
Coal nwrket continues in good shape for prodiicers.
Linseed Oil firm at the recent advances. /
Game in large supply and lower. Poultry about the same.
Somewhat better business in local stocks and bonds.
Another advance in Turpentine.
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
CORN— Spot dull: American mixed, new. 4s
6d. Futures quiet: November. 4s l%d; De
cember, 4s l%d; January, 3s 10%d.
WHEAT — Spot No. 2 red Western winter,
steady, 6s Id; No. 1 Northern spring, -jasy, 6s
4d; No. 1 California, dull, 6s SVid. Futures
easy; December. Es llHd: February. 6s %d.
LIVERPOOL. Oct. 23.— "Wheat quiet; No. 1
Standard California, 6s 6Hd@6s 6d; wheat in
Paris, firm; flour in Paris, firm; French coun
try markets, nteady; weather in England,
COTTON— Uplands. 5 ll-32d.
LONDON, Oct. 23.— Consols, 89H: silver, 30Hd:
French rentes, lOOf ZMc. .Wheat cargoes off
coast, easy for white, 3d lower; cargoes No. 1
Standard California. 31s lV4d; cargoes Walla
Walla, 29s Sd; English country markets, quiet.
Foreign Markets.
WASHINGTON.
TACOMA, Oct. 23. — Wheat market weak but
nominally unchanged.- Bluestem, u5^c; club,
c;%c.
PORTLAND, Oct. ¦ 23.— Wheat was weak In
sympathy with foreign and Eastern markets.
Walla Walla. 62Hc; valley, 69c; blueetem, 55Hc.
Cleared— Ship Kilmory. tor Queenstown, with
S9.C67 bushels of wheat.
OREGON,
Northern Wheat Market.
Portland's Business.
PORTLAND, Oct. 23.— Clearings, $420,143; bal
ances. $33,000.
NEW YORK, Oct. 23.— Owing to the liberal
offerings and the rather favorable reports from
London the local market for tin experienced
a slight reaction and closed easy in lone at
$28 15@2R 25, against $28 20@28 30, last night's
close. The rest of the list were generally un
changed and featureless. Lake copper was dull
at $18 75® 17. Lead, dull at $4 37H- Spelter,
dull at $4 Wai 15, and all Iron markets dull
and unchanKed. The brokers' price for lead
was $4 and for copper $16 87H-
New York Metal Market.
NEW YORK. Oct. 23.— The cotton market
opened easy at a decline of 2@S points and fur
ther declined 10013 points under active selling
by profes5ional traders and largely In the way
of liquidation' of the long, account. January
sold at $6 90 against $10 15 two weeks ago, with
the rest of the market oft In proportion.
Some of the buying was on the strength of In
quiries for time money from the south, said to
be for the purpose of flnanolng cotton In the
Atlantic States, where holders show a prefer
ence to keep the rest of their crop for hlRher
prices. In the Southwest, on the other hand,
the movement continues to be free and with
out signs of subsiding in the future. The mar
ket here was finally Eteady at a net decline
of 8@14 points. • ; .
Nnv York Cotton Market.
SHEEP— Receipts. . 15,000. Sheep, eteady to
slow; lambs, 10@15c lower; good to choice
wethers. -$3 80@4 10; fair to choice mixed, $3 40
@3 90; Western sheep, $3 43@4 10: Texas sheep,
$2 50<f?3 50; native lambs, $4 25®6 55; Western
lambs. $4 75@5 45.
HOGS— Receipts to-day, 24,000; to-morrow,
24,000, estimated; left over, 3000. Average gen
erally 5c lower, top, $4 90. Mixed and butch
ers'. $4 65@4 90; good to choice, heavy, $4 60<8>
4 S7^4; rovgh heavy. $4 45<?4 55: light, $4 05®
4 26U: bulk of sales, ti 60@4 75.
CHICAGO, Oct. 21 -CATTLE— Receipts, 4000
Including 1000 Westerns and 200 Texans; gener
ally steady. Natives, good to prime steers.
$5 60@6; poor to medium, $4 50@5 40; selected
feeders, $3 75@4 40; mixed stockers, $2 M@Z 75,
cows, $2 80@4 25; heifers, $2 75@4 75; canners, $2
@2 60; bulls. $2 50@4 50; calves, $4@6 25; fed
steers. tilQA 90; grass steers. $3 35@4 15; bulls,
$2 75IU3 25.
Chicago Livestock Market.
LONDON, Oct. 23.— There was a r-»d at
tendance of buyers at the wool , auction sales
to-day. The number of bales offered was 15,33d.
Continental stock was In demand at brisk
prices. Scoureds and merinos sold well and
feveral lots of scoured stock were withdrawn.
There was an active demand for croso-breda.
The home trade was active.
London Wool Market.
BOSTON, Oct. 2J.— The amount of sales of
wool here this week Is considerably above that
of Drevlous weeks, but these have only been
for immediate use. The tone of the market is
quiet and the .'feeling is general that there
will be no changes In conditions until after the
election, when it is expected a largely in
creased business will obtain.
Territory wools continue to head the list at
43(Jf45c for fine medium and fine scoured, staple,
and 47<g48c for strictly staple. There are many
dealers, however, who are holding the latter
class at 50c against all less offers.
Fleece wools are slow with prices nominal.
Following are quotations for leading descrip
tions: Territory, scoured basis— Montana and
Wyoming, fine medium and fine, 17flSc;
scoured, 47@48c; staple, 60c; Utah, fine medium
and fine. 15@ 17c; scoured, 47@48c: staple, 50o:
Idaho, fine medium and fine, 15316c; scoured.
47@4Sc; staple, 6Cc.
Australian, scoured basis, spot prices—Comb
ing superfine, nominal, 73@76o; good, 65@70c;
average, 62#87c.
Boston Wool Market.
BOSTON, Oct. 23.— The Earl Fruit Company
Bold fruit at ¦ auction to-day: Grapes— Tokays,
realized the following prices for California
double crates, $3 60® 5 35, average $4 32; Tokays,
single crates, $1 60<g2 50, average $2 01; Cor
nlchon, single crates, average $2 41. One car
sold to-day. Weather hot.
NEW YORK, Oct.. 23.— The EJari Fruit Com
pany's sales of California fruit were as fol
lows: Grapes— Muscats, averaged $2 30,' single
crates; Tokays,' $1 40©2 45.
CHICAGO, Oct. 23.— The Earl Fruit Com-
P»tny's sales of California fruit were: Grapes—
Emperors. $1 75@1 90 single crates; Red Em
perors, $1 60*31 90: Clusters, $2@2 75;- Winter
Nells, average $2 30 box.
PITTSBURG, Pa., Oct. 22.— The Earl Fruit
Company's sales of California fruit at auction
to-day were as follows: Pears— B. Clalrgeau,
boxes, $2 05@2 56, average " $2 25; D'Alencon,
boxes, average $1BO;'B. Buerre. boxes, $1 DO®
2. average $168; G. , Morceau. boxes, average
$1 25; P. Barry, boxes. $1 £032 05. average $1 73;
Vicar, boxes, $1 55@1 75, average $1 68. One car
sold to-day. -
TUESDAY. Oct. «— 4 p. m.
Bid. Ask. I Bid. A**.
Alpha ,03 0«!justle« 04 C«
Alta .'. 02 03;Kentuclt 03 05
Andes 07 09iLady Wa»a.... — 03
Belcher IT 18 j Mexican 40 41
Best & Belcher 29 JO Occidental 08 10
Bullion 02 03!Ox.hlr ~ » 91
Caledonia »8 39 Overman ~ 08 10
Chollar " 1* Potosl 15 18
Challenge Con.. 18 13 Savage 13 »
Confidence 70 80 Scorpion — C5
Con Cal & Va..l 15 1 20 Beg: Belcher.... - 03
Con Imperial... 01 02 Sierra Nevada. M »
Con New York. 01 — Bllver Hill S3 JS
Crown Point... 12 14 St Louis — 13
Eureka Con — 43| Standard. — 4 00
Exchequer — 02j Syndicate 04 -
G««ra & Curry. 78 80 Union Con M »
Hale & Nor.... W 8S Utah 11 1»
juli a — 04 Jellow Jaekat.. U 20
CLOSC'P QUOTATIONS.
600 Andes 08 300 Justice ......... OS
800 Chollar IS 300 Mexican 41
E00 Con Cal & V.I 17% 200 Mexican ........ 40
200 Gould A Curry 80 4C» Ophlr 90
150 Gould & Curry 7» 600 Utah 1J
150 Gould A Curry 79 500 Yellow Jacket.. U
Afternoon Session.
500 Belcher SO 4C0 Ophlr ........... M
300 Chollar IS 600 Ophlr .~ 17
250 Con Cal & V.I 12H JOO Ophir 8»
200 Crown Point ... 13 550 Potosl 1.
200 Gould & Curry 73 tzOO Savage 25
100 Halo & Norc... 3S 400 Savage, 2«
1200 Justice 05 300 Sierra Nevada. 2»
COO Mexican 40 300 Union Con 24
300 Mexican W. 600 Union Con tt
200 Mexican 42 400 Utah 13
300 Ophir 8« U0O Tellow Jacket.. 1*
Moralns Session.
The following were th« sales ta thm Padflo
Stock Excliansro yesterday:
Afternoon Session.
100 Best & Belcher 30 300 Overman ~ »
200 Chollar W 600 Potosl It
1C0 Chollar 17 100 Savage »
100 Con Cal & Va..l 20 700 Savag* ......... M
50 Con Cal & Va..l 15 100 Slerr* Nevada. »
100 Hale & Norc... 30 200 Sierra N«vad*. 28
300 Mexican .; 41 200 Union Con .... 25
300 Ophlr 89 50 Utah 14
2Q0 Ophir 90
100 Best & Belcher 20 MO Ophlr ff
400 Best & Belcher iO 100 Ophtr »
300 Best & Belcher 2S BOO Savage M
550 Con Cal &. Vi..l 13 S0O Slerm Nevada. IS
400 Gould & Curry 79 100 Sierra Nevada. »
SOOKentuck 0« m Silver Hill .... »
400 Mexican 41 600 Yellow Jack«t.. U
100 Oohlr H
Morning Session.
The following wen the sales In th» Ban J*rma
clsco Stock and Exchange Board yesterday;
MINING STOCKS.
Street— „.
600 Petroleum Center JJ
100 Twenty-Eight • **
Board— _
1000 Cala-Standard - —• • _ "
100 El Dorado ~ -~ » **
900 Independence w
10 Kern River »W
100 Petroleum Center *J
600 Petroleum Center *°
100 Sterling O & D Co. * »*
Morning Session.
Hana S P Co. 7 7^4 Kilauea S PC© — fl
Haw C & S Co 84 — Makawell S Co 41H U
Honokaa S Co. 3r^t -» Onomea S Co. 28 — .
Hutch S P Co. 24<i — Paauhau S Co. 30H —
MISCELLANEOUS STOCKS. <J,
Al Pack Assn.l2G»;i26 Pac A F A.... 1% — **
Cal Fruit Asn.KMT, — Pac C Bor Co.150 —
Mer Ex Assn.. 97 100 Par Paint Co.. 12% —
Oceanic S Co.. 92% 93
Morning Session.
Board —
20 California Fruit Canners' 104 75
5 Giant Powder Con 83 25
ICO liana Plantation Co 7 12%
10O Honokaa S Co SO 25
75 Hutchlnson S P Co 24 BO
10 Makawell S Co, s 3 41 25
160 Makawell S Co 41 25
40 Makawelt S Co 41 37%
$1000 Market Street Cable 6s 129 CO
15 Oceanic S S Co 92 88
60 Paauhau S P Co SO M
100 S V Water >, 93 (0
150 Vigorlt Powder I M
100 Vigorlt Powder t 62%
Street—
63 Alaska Packers' Assn .........123 S
Afternoon Session.
Board —
SO Alaska Packers' Assn IS tS
69 California Fruit Canners* 106 CO
150 Equitable Gas I 60
:¦> Giant Powder Con ..........._. 81 50
20 Hawaiian Corel & Sugar — .. 84 00
150 Makaweli S Co 41 60
50 Makawell S Co...: ~ U C3%fi
200 Paauhau S P Co — $0 15
50 S F Gaa 4 Electric Co 80 M
$1000 8 V 4s (M Mtge) U» 0*
PRODUCERS* OIL. EXCHAJJOB.
SUGAR STOCKS.
California .... - 160 Vigorlt Itt t%
Giant CoaFCo. S2% 83
POWDER STOCKS.
STREET RAILROAD STOCKS.
California ....124 — iO S L & H.... — 42H
Geary-st 30 40 [Presidio 17% 23
Market-st 67 — |
Ger S & X. — isoo Sav & L, So... — tt
Hum S & L., — — Seo Sav Bk... — —
Mut Sav-Bk.. 51 — Union X Co... — —
S F Sav U... .515 —
SAVINGS BANKS.
California Fruit Sales.
• CURED MEAT8 — Bacon,. UHo per lb . for
heavy, 13c for light medium, * 13Uc ; for light
14o for extra i light and 15V4c for -turar cured;
Dealers report a fair demand for cured meats
at steady. and unchanged quotations.
Provisions:
HONEY-Corob. lS^-gMHc for bright and 12»4
(Jil8c for light ! amber; - water white, extracted
7»i@8c; light amber, extracted, 7@7V4c; dark, 6
BEESWAX— 24@26c oer lb.
NUTS— Chestnuts, 7®8c per lb;- Walnuts Vo
1 softBhelU lie; No. 2, 8c; No. 1 hardshell' 10c-
No. 2. 7Vic;, Almonds. 15@16o for paDer-'<*hcii'
ll@12V4c for softshell; Peanuts. B*)!6c for East
ern; Brazil Nuts,' 13c; Filberts, 13c; Pecans 11
©13c; Cocoanuts, $3 5065. '
, RAISINS— The Raisin Growers' Association
has . established the following prices for the
season of 1900: Bleached Thompson's fancy 12c
per lb; choice.' lie; standard. 8«ic; prime.' 8c
unbleached Thompson's, 9c perlb. Sultanas-
Fancy, 10%c per lb? choice, 9%c: standard. 8»4c
prime, i 8c; unbleached Sultanas, ¦ 8c; Seedless
50-lb boxes, 6V4c; 2-crown loose Muscatels 6c'
8-crown, 6 l ,4c ; 4-crown, 7c ; London Layers 2
crown, $1 50 . per box; 3-crown, • $1 60; Fancy
Clusters,. $2; Dehesa. $2 60; . Imperial, $3 All
prices f . o. b. at common shipping points in
California. - . ,
In fruits. Prunes and Peaches are quiet and
Pears very dull. Apricots are steady, with de
pleted stocks." Apples are lower.
FRUITS— Prunes, Santa Claras, 4 sizes 3c*
40-60s, 7c; 50-60c 5Hc; 60-70s, 3%c; 70-80s. 3%c;
80-903, 2%c; 90-lOOs, 2V4c; 100s and over, 2c; ru
bles, Ma premium; Sonomas, %c and San Joa
qulns %c less than Santa Claras, except 100s
and over,* which stand the same. Apricots, 6@
8c for Royals and 10@ll«4c for Moorparks;
Evaporated Apples, 4@4Hc; sun-dried, 2H@4c;
Peaches. 4^5 5c for standard, 6@6c for choice
and 7@7V4c for fancy; Pears, 2®7c: Plums
pitted, 5©6%c; unpitted, lffil^c; Nectarines, 5®
BUc for red and 5V4@6c for white. .
Rasins and Honey are doing better than any
other : descriptions under this head. Both are
active and strong. Nuts are steady, with a
fair demand.
MELONS — Nutmegs, 25@75c per case; Canta
loupes, 50c@$l 25 per crate; Watermelons, $5@15
per 100.
CITRUS FRUITS— Navel Oranges. $3<?4 50;
Lemons, B0c©$l 50 for common and $2®2 50 for
good to choice; Mexican Limes, - $4@4 50; Ba
nanas, $14/1 -5 per bunch; Pineapples, $1 50@3 50
per dozen. ¦ ¦
Dried Fruits, Nuts and Raisins.
GRAPES— Muscats, Tokays, black and other
ordinary varieties, 20@35c per small box and 40
65c per crate; Isabellas. In crates. 75c@$l; Cor
nlchons, in crates, 50(ff65c; Wine Grapes. $20iS'22
for wihte, $22©24 for Mission and $20@26 per ton
for Zlnfandel.
PLUMS— 20@40c per box,
APPLES— 25@50c per box for common and
60<S90c for pood to choice; Spltzenbergs, 60c@Sl
PEARS— Winter Nellis, 60c®$l; Cooking
Pears. 25^65c per box. *
QUINCES— 25«f60c per box.
PERSIMMONS— I0Q75C per box.
FIGS— Nominal.
CRANBERRIES— Cape Cod, $8 5008 75; Coos
Bay, %Z<fiZ 25 per box.
6TRAWBERRlES-$3®4 per chest for large
and $709 for small berries.
HUCKLEBERRIES-6C per pound.
RASPBERRIES-14 5006 per chest.
POMEGRANATES— 35c®$l, according to size
of box. y~ i ¦ : ;
Table Grapes have not changed for a long
time. Wine Grapes are steady) with continu
ally decrenslng arrivals. The few melons com
ing In sell slowly at weak prices.
Apples continue in large supply and weak.
Very few Plums are seen now.
The car of new Navels that came In Monday
Is about cleaned up. Lemons are in large sup
ply and poor demand and prices are lower.
Limes are quiet and unchanged.
Deciduous and Citrtts Fruits.
Plcklod roll-19g21c.
Flrkln-18@19c.
Storage goods— 22H®24c.
CHEESE— New. ll^c; old. > 10®llc: Toung
America. HM<312»4c; Eastern, 13V4@14c; West
ern, 10(3 12c per lb.
EGGS — Quoted at 22»4@25c for store and 36®
41c per dozen for ranch; Eastern, 18@26c.
. Dairy— Fancr. 24c; good to . choice. 22S23c;
common, 20®21c.
Creamery tub— 20<SJ22}5c per lb.
Butter continues very weak and most deal
ers are Inclined to let the market drop as fast
as It ' will, on the principle that the faster a
thing drops the quicker It will reach bottom.
When the market gets there they hope the
goods will move off more freely.
Cheese is firm, with, lipht stocks.
Kksk rule firm at the advance, with moder
ate supplies and light receipts.
BUTTER—
Creamery— Fancy Creamery, 26c; Seconds,
24{?25c.
Butter, Cheese and Eggs.
The supply of Poultry Is about balancing the
demand at the moment, so quotations show
little change. Geeee are doing better.
POULTRY— Live Turkeys. 14gl5o for Gob
blers and 14313c for Hens: old Turkeys. 11®
12'4c; Geese, per pair. $1 50@l 75; Goslings, $1 73
@2; Ducks. $3(34 for old and $3 60@4 50 for
young: Hens, $45J3; Toung: Roosters. M arygi;
Old Roosters, $3 50<g4; Fryers, $3 25@3 60; Broil
ers, $S@3 50 for large and $2 50<@3 for Fmall ;
Pigeons, $1 per dozen for old and Jl 50@l 75
for Squabs.
GAME— Quail. $1 25@1 50 for Valley and $1 60
02 for Mountain; Mallard. $4tr6: Canvasback.
J35J6; Sprig. iZ«H% Teal, J2 £0^3 50; Widgeon,
$2@2 50; Small Duck, $1 75®2; Gray Geese, $2®
3; White Geese, $1@1 50; Brant, $1 50 for small
and $2 50 for large; English Snipe. $1 25; Jack
Snipe, 75c(g$l; Hare. $1 25; Rabbits, $1 25<gi 50
for cottontail and 75c@41 for brush; Doves, 60c
per dozen. -- " f
Game In free supply and lower, and there
were a good many Canvasback from Oregon.
Poultry and Game.
Everything under this head stands about as
before. Supplies of all descriptions are suf
"pOTATOES— Burbanks, 30<3«0c for Rivers and
?5c@$l 12% pt ctl for Salinas and 65@30c for
Oregon: Sweets, 50S75c for Rivers and $1 for
ONIONS— 60{?80c per ctl: Pickle Onions, 35®
60c
VEGETABLES— Green Peas, 2^@5c per lb;
String Beans. US@4c; Limas; l%«2Hc per lb;
Cabbage, $1: Tomatoes, Bay, 50c@$l 25; Egg
Plant, 30@50c per box; Green Okra, 50@80c;
Green Peppers, 85@50c per box for Chill and 40
(550c for Bell; Dried Peppers, 10@15c; Carrots.
25ifJ35c per sack; Summer Squash. 50@S5c. for
Alameda; Cucumbers, 35@50c for Alameda;
Pickles $1 50 per box for No. 1 and $l-for No. 2:
Garlic, 4@4>4c per lb; Marrowfat Squash, $S@10
per ton.
A rood demand keeps most kinds of Beans
steady and there is no accumulation of stock,
though Pink and Pea are quoted off a little.
Texas Is taking a good many at present. Seeds
Bt BE d ANS-Bayos, $2 1032 20; Small White.
$3 40@3 65; Large White. $2 40@2 60; Pink ?1 90
©2- Red tzmm: Blackeye. $2 6o@2 85; Lima.
5 20<S5 30; Pea, $3 50@3 75: Red Kidney. $2 75-33.
SEEDS— Brown Mustard, normal; \ellow
Mustard nominal: Flax. $2 25@2 40; Canary,
3v$c per lb for California and 4c for Eastern;
Alfalfa, nominal; Rape, 2%@3c; Hemp, 4®4V»c;
$1 50©2; Green. $180®
2 20 per ctl ; Blackeye, $1 50@l 76.
Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables,
Beatts and Seeds.
Bran Is easy at the slight decline already
noted, and Middlings are also quoted
Hay is hardly aa strong as it was. though
a car of fancy wheat brought $14 yesterday,
the sale being exceptional.
BRAN— $16@17 per ton.
F^DSTUFF^R^lfei 0 V 5 ®1« per
tonfoUcak^MetT at the mill. $25®26; Jobbing
$:6 50?Oecoanut Cake. $17<g>18; Corn Meal, $26®
27; Cracked Corn. $26 50^27 60; Mixed Feed. $U
® HAT— Volunteer, $5®8; Wheat. $11®13 50:
Wheat and oSv$10tl2 50; Oat. $9@11 50; Clover.
$5iR7: Alfalfa, $6 6O®8 50; Barley, $7@9 per ton.
STRAW— 35@45c per bale.
Hay and Feedstuff s.
-Flour and Millstuffs.
FLOUR-Callfornla Family Extras, $3 60®
8 75,- usual terms; Bakers' Extras, $3 40@3 o0;
Oregon and Washington. $2 75@3 10 ,P« ™>J £> r
family and $3 15@3 50 for bakers ; Eastern.
Flour $3 per 100 lbs; Rye Flour. » ia. R>e
Meal. $2 50: Rice Flour. $7; Corn Meal. $2 <o.
fnT isS £ "B-kwnea?^
Informal Session— 9:15 o'clock— December— 2000
CtlB. 71HC.
Second Session — No sales.
¦. Regular Morning Session— No sale*.
Afternoon Session— No sales.
OATS— The market continues to show great
strength and Is In a position where It is Inde
pendent of the depression In Wheat and Bar
ley, although If the two latter were- stronger
Oat» would probably be still higher.
White, $1 35@1 60; Surprise, $1 45@1 65; Red,
$1 15@1 25 for feed and $1 25@1 40 for seed; Gray.
$1 25® 1 35; Black, for feed. $1 12tt@l 20; for
seed. Jl 22H@1 32V4 per ctl.
CORN— The market stands about the same.
Arrivals are quickly absorbed, and but few
samnles are seen. Eastern yellow and white
are quoted at $1 22%@1 23% and Eastern mixed
at $1 20@l 21% per ctl. „ '*' ..
RTE— Quiet and uncharged at Wo per eu.
BUCKWHEAT— Nominal. '
CALL BOARD SALES.
Ing and Shipping grades. 75®80c; Chevalier,
nominal. .•-¦. -•• - v
. FOR TUESDAY. OCTOBER 23.
Flour, qr sks 4.5S6 Leather, rolls .... 105
Wheat, ctls 2.630 Wine, gals 38.200
Barley, ctls ...... 5.560 Wool, bales 13S
Corn. East 2.503 Hops, bales S3
Butter ctls 213 Hay. tons 6*52
Cheese, ctls 22 Broom Corn, bdls 81
Hides, No S54 Middlings, sks ... 2,058
Sugar, bbls 100 Onions, ska 410
Pelts, bdls ...:... 203 Potatoes, sks .... 2.642
Raisins, bxs 1.200 Beans, sks «.80O
Quicksilver, fisks 110 Eggs, doz 7.230
lallow, Ctls 345 ¦
Receipts of Produce.
LUMBER— Retail prices are as follows: Pine,
ordinary sibes, $16@17; extra sizes, higher: Red
wood $1"©1S for No. 1 and $15316 for No. J:
Lnth.' 4 feet, $3 50@4; Pickets. $18: Shingles.
Jl 75 for common and $2 75 for fancy: Shakes,
$11 for split and $12 for sawn; Rustic, $20*328.
RED AND WHITE LEAD— Red Lead. 7%©
1\c per lb; White Lead, 7@7%c, according to
quantity.
QUICKSILVER— $18 per flask for local use
and $45^46 for export.
SUGAR— The Western Sugar Ttefinlnc Cbm
pany quotes, per lb. in 10O-lb bags:
Crushed, 6.65c: Powdered, 6.25c: Candy Gran
ulated, 6.25c Dry Granulated, 8.15c; Confec
tioners' A. 6.15c; Magnolia A, 5.75c; Extra C,
B.65c: Golden C. 5.55c: barrels, 10c more; half
barrels. 25c more; boxes. 5Cc more; 50-lb bags.
10c more. No orders taken for less than 75
barrels or Its equivalent. Dominos, half-bar
rtls, 6.90c: boxes. 7.15c per lb.
COAL OIL. GASOLINE AND BENZINE—
Water 'White Coal Oil. In bulk. 12c: Pearl Oil.
cases. 18o; Astral. ISc; Star, ISc; Extra Star,
22c; Elaine, 23c; Eocene, 20c; Deodorized Stove
Gasoline, in bulk, Htyc: cases, 20Hc; Benzine,
bulk. 13V£c; cases. W4c; S6-degree Gasoline,
bulk. 20c: cases. 26c per gallon.
TURPENTINE— Higher at 66c per gallon In
cases and 60c In drums or Iron barrels.
seed Oil during the past forty-eight hours.
California Castor 011, In cases. No. L 73c; pure,
$1 30; Linseed Oil. In barrels, boiled. 86c; raw,
84c: cases. 5c more; Lucol, 63c per gallon for
boiled and 67c for raw; Lard Oil, extra winter
r trained, barrels. 70c; cases. 75c; China Nut.
68®72c per gallon; pure Neatsfoot Oil. barrels,
65c; cases, 70c; Sperm, pure, 63c; Whale Oil,
natural white, 37%@42Hc per gallon; Fish OU,
barrels. 35c: cases, 40c.
LEATHER— Sole, heavy. 2S333c per lb: Sole
Leather, medium. 2C'Q30c: Sole Leather, light,
26@2Sc; Rough Leather, heavy, 27®2Sc; Rough
Leather, lipht, 25(@26c; Harness Leather, heavy,
32®3Sc: Harness Leather, medium. 30<©37c: Har
ress Leather, Usht. 29<g35c; Collar Leather. 13
jilCc per foot; Kip, flnlshed, 4>g5Oc per lb;
Vtal. finished, B0@55c; Calf, finished, 75c8U 20;
Sides, finished. 16® 17c per foot: Belt Knife
Splits. 14® 16c; Rough Splits, 8@10c per lb.
TANBARK— Ground, $26@2S per ton; Stick,
$1S<Sj2O per cord.
OILS — There have been two advances In Lin-
Guatemala and Mexican — 13HS'17c for prims
to fancy washed; 12ftl3c for strictly good
washed; ll@12c for good washed; 9}4@10 a 4c for
fair washed; 9S9Hc for medium; 6%@8?4c for
inferior to ordinary; 13ft He for good to prime
washed peaberry; ll@HHc nominal for good to
prime unwashed peaberry: 1OH011C nominal for
gocd to superior unwashed. • -
Nicaragua— 13® 16c for prime to fancy washed;
10HS12Vic for fair to strictly good washed; l(Hi
til'j*ic nominal for good to superior. unwashed:
lKqli'Jc nominal for good to prime unwashed
peaberry.
• Salvador — HVi@l3V4o for good to prime
washed; 10%@llc for fair washed; 12@13Hc tor
gcod to prime washed peaberry; ll@ll*4o for
good to prime semi-washed; I0»i@lle for super
ior unwashed: 10 l ic for good green unwashed;
ll@llHc for good to superior unwashed pea
btrry: 7%@9c nominal for common to ordinary.
COFFEE — Costa Rica — 14<gl5c for prime
washed; 12%@13&c. for good washed; 13@14c for
good to prime washed peaberry; 12#13c for good
to prime peaberry; ll&@13c for good to prime;
10H@Uc for good current mixed with black
Leans; 9%@llc for fair; 7U#9Vic nominal for
common to ordinary.
FACIFIC CODFISH-Bundles. 3%c: cases. 3%
&4c; imitation Eastern. 5c; Boneless. 4%e;
strips. 6«j6c; blocks. 5<@5Uc: tablets, 6c; mid
dles, 5$&&'7Hc; desiccated, 75c.
CORDAGE — The local cordage company
quotes as follows: Pure Manila. ll%c per lb;
Siral sizes and bale rope, . 8V«c; Duplex, 7V«c.
Terms, 60 days or lft per cent cash discount.
COAL— Wellington. $9 per ton; Southfleld
Wellington, $3; Seattle. $7; Bryant, $7; Coo*
Bay, $5 50; Wallsend, $3; Cc-oneratlve Wall
send, $9; Cumberland. $12 in bulk and $13 23 In
sacks; Pennsylvania Anthracite Egg. 114; Can
nel, $12 per ton; Coke. $15 per ton In bulk and
$1S In sacks; Rocky Mountain descriptions,
$8 45 per 2000 lbs and $3 50 per ton. according to
brand.
CANNED FRUIT— Extras In 2%-lb tins are
Quoted as foljows: Apricots, $1 50; Cherries, $2
for black, $1 85 for white and $2 for Royal
Anne; Grapes. $1 35; Peaches, $1 65; Pears.
$1 S5; Plums. $1 35@1 40; Quinces. $1 S3; Straw
berries, $1 75.
BAGS— San Quentln Bags, $5 65; Calcutta
Grain Bags, June and July, 6H@$Ho; Wool
Bags. 2814@32%c; Fleece Twine. 7%c; Fruit
Bags, 6H«6^» for white and SUSSTia for
bleached jute.
General Merchandise.
LAMB— 8@8%c per lb.
POUK— Live . Hogs. 6%e for " small. SHe for
medium and 5*4c for large; stock Hogs and
feeders, 6c; dressed Hogs, 738c. y ,-..;
BEEP- 638 Via for Steers and 5®5V4c per lb
VEAL-^Large, 7SSc; small. 8%@9c per lb.
MUTTON— Wethers, 7@7V4c; ewes, 6&Q7c per
pound.
Hogs show no further decline. Beef. Mut
ton and Veal have not changed for some lit
tle time, the supply and demand being about
equal.
San Francisco Meat Market.
Hides and Leather rule very firm at un
changed prices and a good demand keeps stocks
from accumulating.
HIDES AND SKINS— Culls and brands sell
about lc under quotations. Heavy salted
Steers, 9@3^c; -medium, Sfte; light. 8c; Cow
hides. 8c; Stags, 6c; Salted Kip. 8c: Salted
Veal, 8c; Salted Calf. 9c; Dry Hides. 15@13Hc;
culls. 12<813c; Dry Kip. 15c; Dry Calf. 15<§16c;
culls and brands. 12t»13c; Sheepskins. Shear
lings, 15®25c each; short Wool. 30@Wc each;
medium. 60@70c; long 1 Wool. 75c<g11 each; Horse
Hides, salt. $2@2 25 for large. $1 75 for medium.
$1 for small and 50c for colts; Horse Hides,
dry. $1 50 for large, $1 25 for medium, $1 for
small and 25350c for colts. Deerskins— Summer
or red skins. 35c; fall or medium skins. 30c;
winter or thin skins. 17%@20c. Goatskins—
Prime. Angoras, 75c; large and smooth. 50c;
medium, 35c.
TALLOW— No. 1 rendered, 4@4ftc per lb: Ntx
2. Z'SZVic; grease, 2ij?2Vic.
WOOLr-Sprlng clip Is quotable as follows:
Northern, free. 15@16c; Northern, defective, 12®
14c; Middle County, free, 14®16c: Middle Coun
ty, defective, 12@14c: Southern Mountain. 12
months', 9®l0c; Southern Mountain, free, 7
months', H@l2c; Southern Mountain, defective,
7 months', 9@llc; Humboldt and Mendoclno. 16
617c; Nevada, 13@16c per lb.
Fall Clip— San Joaquln. 6%®Sc: do Lambs", I
@9c; Middle County. 9@llc per lb.
HOPS— lltt®I4%c per lb.
Buyers are taking Hops fairly a* firm prices.
Local Wool dealers quote the market stag
nant and expect no justness until after the
election.
Eastern sugar-cured hams. 12c: Mess Beef,
$12 BO per bbl; extra Mess, $13 60; Family, $14;
extra Prime Pork. $16; extra clear. $1» 50; Mess,
$17; Smoked Beef. 13c per lb.
LARD — Tierces quoted at 6%c per lb for com
pound and 9Hc for pure; half-barrels, pure,
9&c: 10-lb tins. lOVJe; 6-lb tins. 10%c.
COTTOLENE — One-half barrel, 8%c; three
half barrels, 8%c; one tierce, 8*»c; two tierces,
SUc; flve tierces, 8Hc per lb.
Hides, Tallozv, Wool and Hops.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY,. OOTOBiJE 24, 1900.
the Rockies, Increase, 1,758,000 buehels; afloat
for > and : in . Europe, Increase, * 400,000 ¦ bushels;
total supply,, increase. 3,166,000 bushels.
Corn,'- United States . and . 'Janada. east of
the Rockies,' decrease, 1.229.000 bushels.
Oats, United States and Canada, east of the
Rockies, . increase, 177,000 bushels.
#• ' ft
Chicago Grain Market.
EASTERN MARKETS.
LOCAL MARKETS.
THE STOCK MARKET.
Foreign Futures.
10
COMMERCIAL AND FINANCIAL NEWS
AUCTION SALES
REGULAR WEEKLY AUCTION SALE
AT GRAND ARCADE HORSE MARKET, ttt
SIXTH ST.. WEDNESDAY. October 24. at U
a. m. Hones. Wagons. Harness, etc SULLI-
VAX & DOYLE. Auctioneers.• A Pasteur Institute has just beervopened
at . Kassaull,- a . hill " station > in r the • Punjab
district, about thirty miles K from % Simla,
India. •
>:> OAKLAND, * Oct. • 23.— The M. J. Keller
Company., one of .the largest firms on this
side of the bay, will % shortly establish ' a
branch I house I In . San i Francisco. •» The ex
tension . of the company's ¦ business to the
metropolis has been contemplated .for
some • time: - A*, manufacturing: plant will
be < operated '¦¦ in ¦ connection '-, with \ a •¦ large
downtown \ salesroom. ? ' * ' ; . ; «• : : •-. ¦ ¦
Keller I Company to r Expand.
OAKLAND, Oct. 23.— The Board of Pub
lic* Works 'to-day awarded -a contract to
the Pacific Coast Dredging and Reclama
tion Company, for. 1 the dredging of the
Franklin-street slip. Contracts for fire
hose ; were - awarded to . Bay State, R. : S.
Chapman. -Victor Bowers, Pyramid. Gutta
Percha Rubber and New York Belting and
Packing " companies. : -. -.: ; \ \ . ¦
City. Contracts Awarded.
James Keating on Trial.
OAKLAND, Oct. 23.— The trial of James
Keating for an alleged assault on Miss
Martha McGraw several months ago was
commenced to-day. The complainant. Miss
McGraw, was the only witness. Her tes
timony was the same as that given by her
at Keatlng's preliminary examination In
the Police Court.
Pantoskey Sues for Divorce.
OAKLAND, Oct- 23.— Herman Pantoskey
tO"day filed suit for a divorce from Rica
Pantoskey on the ground of idesertlon.
The divorce application comes as a sequel
to /he suit for maintenance commenced
by the ¦ aged Junk . dealer's young bride
•less than six months after their marriage.
Funeral of Mrs. L. W. Hanford.
OAKLAND. Oct. 23.— The funeral of the
late Mrs. Llverla' \V. Hanford was held
this afternoon from the Second Congrega
tional Church. Rev. J. XV. Phillips, pastor
k'-f the church, officiated. Music was ren
*>red by & quartet composed of Mrs. Car
rie Brown-Dexter. . Clement Rowland*.
Karry Taylor and Mrs. Carroll-Nicholson.
The pallbearers were James. Robert, .Le
land and Joseph Hanford; Dr. Frederick
Sawyer and Aurustus Sawyer. The In
terment iru at M^unt^n View Cemetery.
OAKLAND, Oct. 23.— A local lodge of
the Railroad Switchmen has been organ
iien in .West Oakland. The new organiza
tion has a list of fifty-seven charter mem-'
bers, and Is known as Golden Gate Lodge
No. 158.- The lodge, Is affiliated with the
Switchmen's Union of North America,
which comprises 133 branches, with a
total membership of 12,000 men. operating
switches'- in the United States, Canada
and Mexico. ' . ¦ • .
The new West Oakland Lodge will meet
four times each month at, Fidelity Hall.
The officers of the lodge are: Past Master*
G. ,H. Rowland: master. J^E. Taylor;
vies master. C. : H. Jennings; chaplain. J.
Twomey ; secretary, . L. Byers ; - nnancler,-
Parker Robinson ; • guard, ¦ William Craig;
conductor. W.. Badger. :. . •::¦
Seven Names.
Membership Roll of Fifty-
SWITCHMEN ORGANIZE
I AT WEST OAKLAND
Golden Gate Lodge Has a Charter
' "We do most earnestly protest against
the issuance '. of ; a permit : by your honor
able body for the establishment of a hos
pital on Channing way between Shattuck
avenue and Mllvia street, for. the follow
ing reasons: . . -'¦>¦-;
r "That these blocks are thickly built up
with dwelling bouses; that the proposed
hospital . or ¦ .any -hospital :¦ would "¦ be a
nuisance and- menace to the health of
this locality," and besides would '¦' cef talnly
depreciate property values.;; We therefore
ask that you give this matter j full con
sideration." - - -'-£ki'-^t :
Health Officer Dr. H. N. Row«}l opposed
the petition; pointing out the gteat neces
sity, of a hospital inBerkeley. Dr. Lay
man : Abbott also spoke ln'~ favor f of ; the
hospital. . -;'.; .. - / - - V"--v
"The board then took. the question under
advisement until next. 'Friday.-
BERKELEY HOSPITAL
SITE NOT IN FAVOR
BERKELEY, Oct. 23.— A petition from
property owners, championed by J. L.
Barker, was read before the town trus
tees last evening. It asked that a permit
for the establishment of a hospital on
Channing way be refused. The petition
was as follows:
OAKLAND. Oct. 23.— The bondsmen of
R. C. Beggs, who has been manager of
the National Brewing Company's bottling
works at Third and Washington streets,
have been thrown into a tumult because
he has disappeared, leaving them to make
good a deficit of about SGOO which the
erstwhile manager managed to pile up
during his administration.
Beggs disappeared last Tuesday, leaving
his accounts in a , tangled condition. He
has a wife and four children at 837 Clay
etreet, who know nothing as to his where
abouts. ' .'
Beggs has been In trouble before. While
superintendent of the ' Oakland Transit
Company's Grove-street line he. embez
zled a sum of money. For. this crime he
served one year in the State Penitentiary.
BEGGS LEFT BONDSMEN
TO SETTLE HIS BILLS
. 1118 Broadway*. Oct. 23.
For the brutal treatment of his wife
and' three small children John Thompson
of Emeryville was sentenced to six
months in the county jail by Justice
James G. Quinn to-day. The sentence Is
the full extent of the law. and In lmpos T
ing it the Justice remarked that he felt
no sympathy for any man of Thompson's
Ilk, and regretted that the law did not
allow him greater latitude.
"You are. entitled' to no leniency what
ever, Thompson," said the court. "I have
no sympathy with a man who would beat
his wife, and I will therefore Impose upon
you the full extent of the law-^slx month3
in the County Jail. Thalis all I can give
you for the ' crime with which you are
charged, and I only regret that there is
no way in which" the proper punishment
can be meted out to you. It has; .been
shown that you have been most cruel to
your wife and children and have -' not
shown them the consideration that a hus
band and father should." .
Thompson, who resides at Forty-seventh
and Adeline streets, just on the boundary
line between this city and Emeryville,
has been frequently before the authorities
on account of his neglect and abuse of
his family. -- About three weeks ago he
was arrested on complaint of his neigh
bors and sentenced -. to five days ¦ in the
County Jail for disturbing the peace. He
celebrated his release by going at once to
his home with an express .'wagon, Jnto
which he loaded every article of ? furni
ture on the premises. Leaving. the house
without so much as a mattress, he sold
the load of furniture 'to a - second-hand
dealer for 12. : .
Not ; content with, leaving- his : wife ; and
childern shivering - in their comfortless
home, Thompson beat his wife into ; ln-
Justice Quinn Gives Him Six Months
and Is Sorry That Is the
Limit. ;->rv<-
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
JOHN THOMPSON, BRUTAL
WIFE-BEATER, SENTENCED
The freshmen are now practicing twice
a day. once in the morning and orico In
the afternoon;- The morning hour, is de
voted to signals, tricks and team Work.
In the afternoon heavy practice is held.
More .¦ Quarter...., Skinner
Duden L— Half— R Whlpple
MeCormlck
Smith n— Half— L Sherman
Braley Fullback........ Fautz
The freshmen line-up a3 it stood this
afternoon will practically be the one which
will meet . Stanford on Saturday. Starr,
the captain of the freshmen, who Is on tne
injured list, expects to be out Thursday,
and will probably be given his position of
left end. - With this exception the line-up
is now almost certain. »%x$£ME£^ M i7 l| BBK8M
• firat- Eleven. Position. ¦ Freshmen.
Hudson L— End— R Williams
Albertson li— Tackle — R....... Ramsaur
Clay L — Guard— R Stowe
Qornleh... Center....*.". Phillips
Dunbar R— Ouard— L Hector
Ilnnst-n R— Tackle— L Savage
Womble R— End— L Buchanan
The wonderful Improvement of the
freshmen during the past few days, espe
cially in team work, was shown this after
noon In a short practice gamb.wlth the
first eleven. JJo attempt .was made to
score, but the freshmen held .down the
college team in a surprising manner. The
line-up o? the two teams was as follows:
BERKELEY, Oct. 23.— The freshmen
team of the University of California will
line up against the Santa Clara eleven to
morrow afternoon on. the campus. There
are so few scores by which a comparison
of the merits of the teams can be made
that a forecast of the result is out of the
question. A hard struggle is expected,
and the Berkeley boys are by no means
confident of success.
prisingly Well in a Short Prac
tice Game.
FBESHTVrF/Nr TEAM
WORK IMPROVING
Holds Down the First Eleven Sur-
Smith and Stearns left Frultvale early
this -morning to go hunting In Moraga
Valley. They had Indifferent success, and
shortly before the shooting Smith left the
buggy and Stearns, taking his gun to go
into the brush near the road to search
for game. He was about fifty feet away
when he heard ' a shot. The explosion
frightened the horse, and Lemmon, who
was close by,' ran to the team and as
sisted in stopping the runaway. Stearns
was ¦ dead before Smith' started home. ¦
The accident was peculiarly distressing
because Stearns was the only support of
his mother. His father died a month ago
Stearns was a- native of Michigan. He
worked for McCoy & Co. in East Oak
land. The coroner will hold an Inquest at
the Stearns residence to-morrow evening.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
1118 Broadway, Oct. 23.
While hunting in Moraga Valley thia
afternoon, Walter A. Stearns, 29 years
old, a painter residing at Frultvale, was
shot and almost instantly killed by the
accidental discharge of. his gun.. He was
standing in a buggy aria whipping his
horse, with the weapon between his legs,
when the hammer pulled back <n some un
explained manner. The .load of shot
struck Stearns in the heart. './He fell
backward with a cry, "I've shot myself
in the heart," and die*d Immediately. The
accident was witnessed by H. B. Smith,
Stearns' hunting companion, and a Mr.
Lemmon whp was In the road near the
scene, but did not see 1 the accident.
Smith returned to Stearns' home 'on
School street with the body and then noti
fied the Coroner.' -; '*¦'¦ '
Fatal Accident to a Hunting
Party Returning From
Moraga Valley.
GUN DISCHARGED
BY JOLTING WAGON
The subject has attracted attention be
cause of the recent action of the Board
of Health in recommending the removal
from the schools of teachers and pupils
who may be afflicted with tuberculosis.
Can contagion be carried by a plain,
ordinary school lead pencil 7 That Is the
question which has been thrown at the
Board of Education for Fettlement, and
all because, the discovery has been made
that little children in the lower grades of
the public schools are allowed to use
their pencils Indiscriminately.
The practice of school children putting
their pencils intheir mouths to facilitate,
presumably, the mental processes, is. said
to be the prime cause ,of the difficulty:
These pencils are collected and then given
out the next day Indiscriminately. Now
the suggestion has been made that there
is a grave danger of spread of contagious
diseases by means of these same* pencils.
In a few cases teachers were"~found who
realized the sanitary aspect of the sit
uation, and they made the collection In
such a manner that the pencils were given
out to the. original holders.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
HIS Broadway. Oct. 23.
Pupils Subject to Danger
by Indiscriminate Use? 1
of the Articles.
CONTAGION LURKS
IN LEAD PENCILS
Neighbors discovered the plight of Mrs.
Thompson and her children, the youngest
of whom Is only ten months old. and have
been caring for them since. Mrs. Lydia
A. Prescott of the Society for the Pre
vention of i Cruelty to Children, has ap
plied for the guardianship of the little
ones and will attempt to find comfortable
homes for them. *
sensibility, dislocating her arm ahd in
flicting other serious injuries. I
member of the conversation. He said the
subject of water rates had been brought
up while Mott end Woodward were talk
ing, and that the Councilman had said tho
cut was kind of heavy but that it would
have to go, as there were votea enough
In the Council to pass It.
"Woodward told Dingee about the con
versation with Mott." said Watson, "anl
later "Woodward spoke about us makine
an affidavit. . Subsequently Woo«". ward
wrote out a memorandum of the conver
sation, which I read."
Judge Hart this morning permitted tho
city's amendments relating to the tltlo
to the Contra Costa Water Company'^
plant to stand. The amending allegation
that covered President Watklnson s al
leged statement. 1 *, to the sufficiency of tho
old plant to supply water were not al
lowed.
Councilman H. D. Rowe was further
examined and when he had finished an
swerlng the water company's representa
tives the counsel for the city were aghast.
Rowe testified in response to McCuteh
en's quiet queries that President .Wat
kinson had not admitted that the old
Contra Costa Water Company's plant was
sufficient, but that he had said if the Oak
land Water Company had not been sup
plying patrons In Oakland the San Lean
dro Lake would have run dry.
Rowe admitted that Ms published inter
view expressed his view* and he. like his
successor. Councilman Schaffer, had no
explanations to make about their Inter*
views.
Rowe also asserted that he did not
know whe*re the report came from upon
which • the Fire and Water Committed
had acted in fixing the rate schedule. Ho
asserted that the Council had only taken
as testimony the stenographic reports of
statements made by President Watklnscn
and by the late J. C- Martin.
Schaffer was examined at length and
gave the following reason for voting af
firmatively on the rates: "I did not Uk«
to subject myself to newspaper criticism
nor appear ! as opposed to cutting rate*.
There wer« enough Coundlraen -to pass
the ordinance and I did not like to stand
out when I could accomplish nothing."
The remainder of the day waa taken up
with testimony from F. Prindle. super
intendent of the pipe line construction of
the .Contra Costa Company, and of W. F.
Boardman. civil engineer, who built th»
San Leandro Lake dam and was in tho
company's service for many years.
Judge Hart was wearied by the slow
progress of th» case this afternoon. At
adiournment he announced:
"Court will stand adjourned nntn 9
o'clock to-morrow morning."
"Nine o'clock!" ejaculated Mr. Mc-
Cutchon. in surprise.
"Can't you make it 9:30?" pleaded tha
barrister.
"I think not," was his Honor's senten
tious reply, as he made his way off the
bench to get rid of the expostulants.
"Nine o'clock!" sighed McCutchon.
"Well, it's all your fault, Hayne. I gues*
I'll have to rent a house In Oakland."
And the gathering of disgusted legal
lights hastened for the local to San Fran
cisco. "
Licensed to Marry.
OAKLAND. Oct. 23.— Marriage licenses
were Issued to-day to Herman K. Tiem«
roth, 40 years of age, San Francisco, and
Louisa Morgenroth. 26.- Alazneda; Edward
Cooney. 30. and Catherine Craven. 72. both,
of San Jose: Charles Armstrong Sullivan.
21, and Ruby Gertrude Heyer. 17, both ot
Oakland: Christian F. H. Wessel, 24, Ala
meda, and Anna Dorothea Thelss, 21, Oak
land; John Denis Magner. 35, and Annla
E. O'Keefe, 80, both .of San Francisco.-
But since th^n other financial troubles
have come upot: the Meyer electric light
plant. The Santa Rosa Bank attached it
for $5000, and (after keeping a receiver In
charge for two months finally abandoned
the fight. Other attachments have been
added for electrical supplies, for the lum
ber in the building an-1 the poles, and
finally for the engine that is» used in run
ning the plant. A cargo of coal for the
works was attached under one of the
Mendenhall claims.
When the Livermore Water and Power
Company, controlled by William J. Din
gee, established itself in Llvermore and
erected an electric light plant Meyer en
tered into a direct fight with the new com
pany. Knowing that the establishment of
the new electric light plant would Injure
his ga* plant Meyer tried to sell to Din
gee, and when no terms could be made he
erected an electric light plant of his own
on property belonging to the gas com
pany, of which he was the president. He
entered into direct competition with the
Dingee' company and a hitter fight was
waged to secure the lighting of the town.
Meyer underbid the Dmgee company, got
the contract and then troubles began.
It was discovered that the site upon
.which the new Meyer eloctric light. plant
had been erected belonged to the Llver
more Gas Light Company and that It had
becn*granted to the gas company by W.
V. Mendenhall with the express contract
that it should bo used for no other pur
pose. Mendenhall began nult against
Meyer and the Livermore Gas L/ght Com
pany to recover the property, claiming
that his contract had been broken.
LIVERMORE, Oct. 23.- The affairs of
P. H. Meyer's electric lighting plant,
which holds the contract for the lighting
of Livermore, have become "grounded"
tomewhera. and the wires are very much
down. If the troubles continue to grow
the town of Livermore may find Itself suf
fering from a long period in darkness, for
the plant Ir. buried in attachments. Liver
more was without lights for three nights
last week, owing to an inability to secure
coal. --¦<;.;.
P. H. Meyer Is a resident of Santa Rosa,
where he was supposed to have had
wealth and influence. He came Into the
Livermore business -world some time ago
as the largest stockholder In the Liver
more Gas LJght Company, he owning 910
shares out of 1000.
Financial Troubles Beset
One of the Light '
Plants.
LIVERMORE MAY
SUFFER DARKNESS
Harris said he had known the Miss Kel
ler that «a« from childhood. They had
grown up together on shipboard, where
Miss Keiier was bora. Miss Keller's par
eats had died, and Harris cared for ner.
They became engaged two years ago.
Harris went to the Klondike when we
gold discoveries were made ibere. located
a rich claim and made money. He and
Miss Keller kept up a correspondence.
The last letter he received from her was
dated July 2. According to Harris it
burned with affectionate words. Miss
Keller waa supported by a liberal allow
ance which was provided by her. lover.
Harris came back to tian Francisco on
the 20ih o£ last month, expecting to meet
the bride-elect. Inquiry divulged the fact
that his love had flown with another man.
Angry. h« determined to follow them.
After a short search he discovered that
the couple had gone north. As fast as
fctjeam could carry him he sped to Seattle.
At Seattle Harris nearly overtook the
objects of bis pursuit. He was told that
Jlles Keller had worked out during her
brief stay there, while the man she was
:n company with sat around and smoked
good cigars. From Seattle the pursuit
was kept up to Victoria. Vancouver. Port
Townsend and Kverett- At the latter
place the couple discovered that they
were being pursued and fled direct to this
city, where they wore married on the 15th
inst. by Justice Smith. Harris lost the
track for a while, but found it again and
landed in San Francisco two days ago,
whence he traced the couple to
Oakland to-day. He was full enough of
Ire to do anything and blood might have
flowed if he had found Bilyeu. He 'lid not
know the name of the man he was pur
suing until he learned it from the records.
"I lenow that girl would- never have
don* what Bhe has done unless ehe was
under some influence," said Harris. "I
bHieve she ha* been hypnotized by this
man Dilyeu. . She rave her age as 19
years, but I know phe is 22. The man
Fays he is 34 years old. but he is nearer
44. He used to be a bridge builder, but
I've been 1 old he became a professional
hypnotist. I'm sure he got that girl under
his Influence in order to get the money
I left for her use, amounting to over
$2000. It stands to reason that she would
not marry a man who hadn't any money
while rbe could get one who has plenty.
When I meet this man I'm going to make
him answer for his deeds. I don't blame
th* girl. I 'loved her with all my heart.
Now I feel all broken up. I don t know
how I'll act when that fellow and I meet
face to face, but I'll try to b* calm "
Harris did not exhibit any firearms, but
he displayed a medallion picture of his
former sweetheart, which wan pinned to
his snrpender next to his heart.
When Harris learned these facts he be
came very much agitated, and vowed
vengeance en the man who, he said, had
robbed him cf the affections of the girl
he wai once billed to marry-
H. F. Harris, a swarthy looking indi
vidual, who boasted of a pile of wealth
erifl a. mine in the Klondike, told a story
of a faithless love, a *iot pursuit over
thou-sands of miles, and a hypnxist's In
fluence, at the County Clerk's ofilce this
afternoon. He was looking up a mar
riage license bearing the names of Kate
Frances Keller, aged 19, and Frank Bll
yeu, agwl 34 years, and issued on October
15. Harris ascertained that uio couple
had been married by Justice Mortimer
Smith on the 16th inst. in his courtroom in
i_ne presence of Peter Christiansen, keep
er of a eaioon at 5S3 Washington street,
and other witnesses.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call.
111S Broadway. Oct. 23.
IL P. Harris Hunting For
the Man Who Won
His Sweetheart. .
BILYEU MAY BE
A REAL SVENGALI
"Why were you willing to make this
written statement you have produced here
and not an affidavit?" insisted Hayne. •
j There was a long silence on Woodward's
part, and then Attorney McCutchen came
to the perturbed witness*, rescue with" an
objection.;' "
Woodward declared he did not know a
suit on ; water rates was about to be
brought.
"How did. you expect, then, that an af
fidavit would be used ?" queried Mr.
Hayne. '"'¦ l MI'*']prTiH!''Trj*?ll IIP 1 "/' 1 ! 1 ! Jnr*Wm
-.'¦ "Oh, affidavits may be used in other
ways than in a suit," airily explained
.Woodward. ¦ :
. Frank Watson, the clerk who overheard
the t, talk * between Woodward and Mott ,
then told what he claimed he could : re-
¦ "I thought the matter, so far, as I was
concerned, would end when I made tha
written memorandum," replied Wood
ward. • ¦
"How. would your friend. Mott be helped
by , your refraining from making an affi
davit?" queried Hayne..
"No. sir," replied Woodward.
Then Hayne wanted to know if . Wood
ward had not subsequently 'admitted to
Dr.: George C. Pardee and G. B. Daniels
that he was "in a hole" because. of his
exaggerations lo Dingee, and did not want
to say in an affidavit what was untrue.
But Woodward denied that.
"My whole difficulty in this matter was
because of my friendship for Mr. Mott,"
said Woodward.'
Tha row between CuvelUer and Taylor
occurred at one of the meetings of the
committee when the ordinance was under
discussion. Taylor brought in a separate
report and ordinance which he Insisted
should be adopted Such action would
have passed the rate schedule for 1900
1901 down to fame as the "Taylor ordin
ance," But Mr. Cuvellier had his own
ordinance, and he demanded thatit go as
the "Cuve.'ller ordinance." As the* "Cuvel
lier ordinance" it did go, and the van
quished Mr. Taylor's documents went
down Into darkest oblivion.
The chief Incident ot the trial to-day
was the attempt of Frank J. Woodward
and Frank C. Watson, clerks In William
J. Dingee's real estate business, to show
that ¦ Councilman Mott had made some
damaging statements to them about the
passage of the water rate ordinance.
Mott was recalled by McCutchcn and
put through a course of questioning upon
a talk he had with Woodward. Watson
being near by, at Dingee's office on March
19. Mott had gone there to see Woodward
on a busines3 deal in which they were
Interested. The substance of their talk,
according to Mott. bore upon the actions
of Taylor and Cuvellier in their fight
about the ordinance. Mott denied he had
said the rates were cut and dried or had
declared the cut was too heavy, and that
he was opposed to it.
Then Woodward went to the witness
pt ami. and with much protestation of his
personal friendship for Mott and his keen
appreciation of his embarrassing position,
told how he had gone to Dlngee with the
story of his talk with Mott and that
Dlngee had demanded that he make an
affidavit. He had drawn a •written memo
randum of the conversation, snd then, by
order of Dingee, had gone to Attorney M.
C. Chapman to mak* the affidavits.
"But you didn't make the affidavit.
Why not?" demanded Mr. Hayne. .
"I saw Chapman and told him I had put
mv foot In it; that Mott was a personal
frfend of mine; that Dlngee had demanded
an affidavit from me, but I hated to make
it. So Chapman said he would advise
Dingee that an affidavit was not neces
sary."
"On account of your friendship for Mr.
Mott you put your foot In It?" sarcastical
ly commented Mr. Hayne.
"Now isn't it the. fact." continued the
attorney, "that you didn't want to make
an 'affidavit, because you had made an ex
aggerated statement to Dingee ; of that
conversation?"
The story* all came to light during the
trial this afternoon, when Councilman
Mott'was recalled to tell about some con
versations he had with a couple of Wil
liam J. Dingee's employes.
The hitherto undiscovered reason why
Councilman Felton Taylor wa« not In ac
cord with his colleagues in the City Coun
cil in *he fixing of water rates last spring
has been exposed. Councilman Taylor was
anxious to shine before his constituents
as the father of the ordinance which was
to cut the rates to the consumers of Oak
land. But his ambitions in that direc
tion were opposed very strenuously by
Chairman B. C. Cuvellier of the Fire and
Water Committee, who argued that he
was entitled to proclaim his parentage of
the document which is now the bone of
contention In the Superior Court.
1115 Broadway, Oct. 23.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
Wished to Be Known as the
Father of the Rate Or
dinance.
TAYLOR SOUGHT
FAME IN WATER
"Yes," said Mr. Morrlsey as Collamar
lni came off the stage after her triumph
In "La Paloma." "I told the lovely Car
men, or rather told the interpreter to in
form the charming Collamarini, that I
would have her on here In vaudeville be
fore she knew It. And Slgnor Salassa,
and Russo, and Miss Graham, and Mrs.
Dickman. and Mies. Durell, and what I
could do with those' clever Montgomery
girls and their brother! And But I
Of course, every one was there— rank,
beauty and fafihlon. laughingly crowding
each other In the big old theater and
filling the drab atmosphere with • delicate
and vivid color, the swish of the silken
gowns, the odor of flowers. Not for long
days has such an audience been gathered
together anywhere in San Francisco as
that which lent appreciative ear and eye
to the admirable vaudeville programme
arranged by the ladles of the California
Club, the best vaudeville performance
given for many moons In San Francisco.
At least that Is what Mr. John Morrlsey,
the genial stage-manager of the affair,
terms it, and it is understood he knows
whereof he speaks when it comes to
vaudeville.
pices of the California Club, for
the benefit of the philanthropic section of
its social science department.
AN AFFAIR extraordinary was
the grand i vaudeville matinee
given yesterday afternoon at the
Orpheum Theater under the aus-
the Italian Opry" was a comically happy
hit at the opera boom which has lately
struck the town; .and Mr. Hynes l? re
sponsible for the seams of dainty gloves
galore being strained with applauding his
laughing song and bewildering "To Moro"
song. The Montgomery young folks made
a splendid impression • with their coon
songs and dances. Miss Montgomery's
voice being particularly sweet and having
the rich negro chuckle to perfection. Mrs.
Paxton sang "Before the Day Breaks"
with happy effect, and in Mme. Inea
Carusi wa3 heard a harp soloist of high
attainments. Miss Ruby Dawson gave
some clever French Impersonations;
George Hammersmith sang ''When Susan
Learned to Sing" with good effect, and
B. S. Burns recited well an extract from
"Heartsease."
Last but not least the Orpheum man
agement lent the hoop-rolling marvel,
Everhart. to the entertainment, and he
is a wonder. The hoops do everything but
talk. Also from the Orpheum- was a
sketch by Merrltt and Murdoch, "A Little
Game of Tag," which also gave much
pleasure, and Mr. Rosner's Hungarian or
chestra generously furnished all the mu
sical accompaniment.
The audience were ushered to their places
by young society girls, who performed
their graceful task most cleverly, and al
together the Californa Club ladies must
be congratulated on a most charming en
tertamment. admirably carried out. and
which will leave the philanthropic depart
ment something like J1000 the richer.
Frances Graham was heard with delight
in "Within a Mile of Edinbro Town,"
and Mrs. Grace Morel Dlckman. accom
panied by William 'B. King, gave' an ad
mirable rendering of "O Ma Lyre Immor
telle." Beautiful Edith Angus, "W. P.
Buckingham and Herbert "Williams gave
the musical reverie, "Aux Italiens, In
which Mr. Buckingham recited the poem.
Mr. Williams sang the "Ah Che la Morte"
and Miss Angus looked beautiful enough
to satisfy the most captious critic.
Then Jean Durell's ''Mrs. O'Harrity at
I .
PROFESSIONALS AND AMATEURS, GRAND OPERA SELECTIONS. AND POPULAR SONGS. GAIETY AND
SERIOUSNESS BLENDED AT THE CALIFORNIA CLUB'S MATINEE YESTERDAY AFTERNOON AT THE
ORPHEUM.
OAKLAND, Oct. 23.— The question of
the revision of the "Westminster confes
sion of faith of the Presbyterian church
has agitated the Presbyterian denomina
tion from one end of the country to the
other of late. There has been much said
and written about the necessity or objec
tion to revision from within the denom
ination, and the question will be earnestly
iiscussed at the next General Assembly.
f The question of how California stands
-pon the matter of revision is entirely in
the har.«is of the different presbyteries
of the State. The synod, which recently
clofsf'1 at Berkeley, could take no action
upon the matter, which is in the hands of
the presbyteries, though a number of
references were made to the question.
It Is a matter of great Interest to the
nvrob^rs of that denomination to kn^w
how the various presbyteries of Califor
nia, have voted upon this matter, and the
following table shows the action of the
entlr*' State:
Presbytery cf Ean Francisco— Unanimous for
revision.
Presbytery of Benida— Unanimous in faror
cf MVtatoB or a shorter creed.
Presbytery of Los * Angeles — Twenty-sir
From this it will be seen that the gen
eral sentiment of the Presbyterian de
nomination Is for some revision of the
Westminster confession of faith, though
the extent of the revision is not indicated.
But one presbytery— that of Los Angeles —
voted a majority against any revision.
Some desired an entirely new short creed,
while, the great majority are for mild re
vision or supplementary explanation.
Rev. James Mitchell, moderator of the
synod which has Just adjourned, said in
regard to the matter, of revision:
"I think ihat most of the presbyteries
of California are in favor of mild revi
sion, especially In the phraseology of some
sentences of the creed. To what extent
this will go U entirely a matter for future
development." : -
against any change in the confession of faith
and twenty-three for a ch*ne».
Presbytery of Oakland— S#v?nt«en for some
char.gre and ten against any change.
Presbytery of Sacramento— In general for
mild revision.
Presbytery of San Joee— Nine for limited re
vision and eight for a short new creed.
Presbytery of Santa Barbara— Eleven for re
vision and four against any change.
Presbytery of Stockton— Ten for a supple
mentary creed; four for short new creed and
nine for no chance whatever.
REV. JAMES MITCHELL, MODERATOR OF THE SYNOD JUST AD
JOURNED IX OAKLAND. HE BELIEVES THE PRESBYTERIAN
CONFESSION OF FAITH SHOULD BE SLIGHTLY REVISED.
The men who have Joined so far and the
rank and regiment In which they served
during the war are as follows:
H. G. Mathewson. sergeant. Company I,
First California: Captain Henry DeH.
Walte. lieutenant. Fifth United States
Cavalry: Herbert M. Brace, private, Com
pany Nineteen, U. .3. V. Signal Corps:
Alva F. Hughes, sergeant. Battery A. Cal
ifornia Heavy Artillery; Leslie M. Turner,
private. Battery D. California Heavy Ar
tillery-; Newell Vanderbtlt. sergeant.
Eighth California: "Walter J. Buttgenbach.
rrivate. Company B. First California;
Robert R. McGregor, quartermaster ser
geant. Company L, First California: Earle
II. Nutting, private. Company 1, Four
teenth United States Infantry: Fen E.
Newton, corporal. Company K, Eighth
California; W. P. Drum, private. Com
pany L, 3econd Engir.eer Corps. U. S. V. :
Charles L. Tllden. major. First California;
J. H. Overturf. private. Second Nebraska
Volunteers; A. S. Colton. private. Eighth
California; C. M. Colton. private. Eighth
California: R. H. Kelley. sergeant. Sev
enth California.
elected as follows: H. G. Mathewson.
president: Captain Henry DeH. "Wa'.te.
vice president: Herbert M. Brace, secre
tary and treasurer.
BERKELEY. Oct. 23.— A veterans'
association of the University of
California has been formed by the
students who took part in the
Spanish-American war and the
suppression of the Filipino Insurrection.
The membership is limited to students and
faculty, and all men must show an honor
able discharge from the army before they
will be accepted into the association.
The object of the organization is not
alone to bring together the students of
this university who have rought under the
flag, but to help form and be part of a
national organization of student veterans.
To this end Eastern colleges will be com
municated with, and a committee from
Stanford University and Berkeley will
meet in Palo Alto next Sunday. This com
mittee will form plans for Joining the two
organizations in this State and will then
endeavor to make a national affair out of
it. The committee is composed of Pro
fessor Charles R. Dltrich and John R.
Stowe of Stanford and Herbert M. Brace
and W. J. Buttgenbach of Berkeley.
Officers of the association have been
PRESIDENT AND SECRETARY OF THE SPANISH-AMERICAN WAR
VETERANS' ASSOCIATION OP THE STATE UNIVERSITY. IT IS
HOPED TO GIVE THIS ORGANIZATION NATIONAL. SCOPE.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, OCTOBER 24, 1900.
Los Angeles Body the Only One
Which Wants No Change.
PRESBYTERIANS FAVOR A MILD
REVISION OF THE OLD CREED
VETERANS ASSOCIATION FORMED
BY THE FACULTY AND STUDENTS
Army Discharges Organize.
University Men With Honorable
Artists and Professionals Splendidly Entertain
at Orpheum and Charity Is Enriched.
CALIFORNIA CLUB MATINEE
DELIGHTS A GREAT THRONG
11
should have to go through!* the "" Whole
great programme , to praise \7 each and
every member on it! ' But itjs Hiy serious
Intention to offer the lmpftsarlo end of
the Orpheum work to the .'ladles, of the
California Club; they beat me,at my
own game!" ¦.*?¦• k. :•;,"• •*>_:••¦ .
And there was certainly every Induce
ment to enthusiasm In the •¦work of the
aggregation of stars gathered together by
the California Club's clever committee of
manag-ement. Collamarlni,- In despite of
the fact that she had to sing "Carmen"*
last evening, sang and generously gave
an encore to "La Paloma," in her languid,
lovely voice. Salassa sane the "Credo"
from "Otello" In his splendid fashion, and
also gave an encore. SlKnor Russo, in his
piquant, fetching manner, F.incr in excel
lent English "Because I Love You," his
audience being unusually inspiring, ac
cording to the artist. The Tlvoli artists
were all accompanied by Mr. Max Hlrsh
feld, the clever director of the Tlvoll
orchestra. -¦
ADVERTISEMENTS.
SENT FREEJO MEN!
A Most Remarkable Remedy That
' Quickly Restores Lost Vigor
to Men.
A Free Trial Package Sent by Mall
to All Who Write.
•Free trial packages of a most remarka-
ble remedy are being mailed to • all who
will write the State Medical Institute.
They cured so many men who had bat-
tled for years against tha mental and
physical suffering . of - lost manhood that
the Institute has decided to distribute
free trial packages to all who write. It
is a home treatment, and all men who
suffer from any form of sexual weakness
rescuing from youthful folly, premature
loss of strength and memory, weak back,
varicocele or emaciation of parts can now
cure themselves at home.
The remedy has a peculiarly grateful
effect "f warmth and seems to act direct
to the desired . location, giving strength
and development just where it Is needed.
It cures all the ills and troubles that coma
! from years of misuse of the natural func-
1 tions and has been an absolute success in
all cases. A request to the State Medical
Institute. 328 Elektron building. Fort
Wayne. Ind..- stating that you desire on»
of their free trial packages, will be com-
plied with promptly. The Institute is de-
slroui of reaching that great class of men
who are unable to leave home to be treat-
ed, and the free sample will enable them
to see how easy it Is to be cured •¦• sex-
ual weakness when the proper remedies
are employed. The Institute makes no re-
strictions. . Any man who writes will be
sent a free sample, carefully, sealed In a
plain packaee. - so that Its recipient need
nave no fear of embarrassment or public-
ity. Readers are requested to write wiUx-
out delay. _
Woman may be. a conundrum, but she
always has a ready answer.THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, OCTOBER 24, 1900.
12
,SAX FRANCISCO CALL.
BUSIXE&3 OFFICE of The San Francisco
Coll. corner of Market and Third streets, open
until 12 o'clock every night In the year.
BRANCH OFFICES— C27 Montgomery street.
corner Clay; open until 9:10 p. m.
300 Hayes street: open until 0:28 p. m.
6J9 McAllister street: open untU'9:S0 p. m.
. CIS Larkln street: op^n 9:30 p. m.
1941 Mission street: cpen until 10 p. in.
22a Market street; ' corner Sixteenth; open
until J p. m.
10? Eleventh street: open until 9 p. m.
1C9< Valencia street: open until 9 p. m.
Northwest comer Twenty-«e.?ond and Ken-
turky streets; open uctH 3 p. m..
MEETING NOTICES.
MOUNT Moriah Lrvlce No. 44. F. and j»
A- ML— Meeting THIS (WEDNESDAY) m Jf\ m
EVENING at 7:30 o'clock. First de- ]&J\
gxee. THEO. FR.OHCH, Sec. '^
CROCKETT Iy*d— No. 139. F. and A. ¦
M.— Third depree THIS EVENING. Oc- _/\_
tober 21. ni. 7:30 o'clock. By order of lt^\
the V.'. M. H. FORTRIEDE, S*-C___~__
EXCELSIOR Lodge No. 1C6, F. and A. •
M.-Special mating THIS (WEDNES- J\^
DAY) EVENING. October 24, at 7 XX
o clock. Tiiird der~ e. - / ~ ' ¦»
THEO. E. SMITH. Sec
MISSION Lodge No. :68. F. and A. M.— B
Called meeting THIS (WEDNESDAY) _^4
EVENING at 7:30 o'clock. 1 " Third de- Jt_R
gree. GEO. P. FLACK. Secretary. ' ~^ '
THE epecial mwlins of the Ser- __ft__
viaa-Montenegrin L. and B. So- jV»>J
clety will be held WEDNES- , .Y***^ ,,
DAT EVENING, October 24. BgCJ^SS
1S00. at 7;30 o'clock, at 10' Cal- _}lCT«*Q
lforda st. All officers and mem- K?""J_'iEt
t*rF an notified to attervi; there i'V/SJBf^'i
is Important bu*ln~rs to be XvSjJE^-T/
transacted. Fine for non-attend- %O2s>'
atice will be strictly enforced.
By order cf
M. K. TASOVAZ. President.
SPIRO S. VrCOSAVLIEVICH. Secretary.
CHEAPEST and best In America— The Weekly
Call. 16 pases, sent to any address in tea
Vnitefl Suite* or .Canada one year for $1.
ACE.\TS WANTED.
WANTED^A partner with S5000 cash: an er-
clueive luasineRp; no competition; good mon»*y
from the ftart: will bear Investigation: coll In
p«— on. HERR1CK, 1417 Brush st.. Oakland.
SHOW j-cur colors: blow your cifear and gcx
the dnllcrp; 10c la etamp» pi*is samples se-
curely mailed and information. Acents Suv-
pty Cr.. US Market ft.. B. F.
INSURANCE solicitors, life. fire, marine,
wanted for side line. Address box 4180. Call.
TO handle P.obinscn's Thermal Bath Cabinet.
Pacific Agents' Puriply Co.. *2Z0 Trest ave.
ASI'HALTIM HOOFING.
J PELTIER, acphalt roofing;, sidewalk*; cellar
floo— laid, —ratred: postal. 11S6 Mission st.
ASTHOLOGY.
DR. C T. TATLOR. scientific astrologer: call
for free ccpy "The New Moon." 76S Market^
i:ME. HICKEY— A»trolcjri»t: horo*<vip<"s. SOc;
card reading and palmistry. S3... 1S33 Mission.
ATTORNEYS AT LAW.
R. W. KING, attorney at law. 92"! Market St.,
room 627 — Estate*. damages, attachments,
bankruptcy, collections; all cases: fair Tees;
no advance cha— es: money loaned on estates.
ADVICE free: divorce law a specialty; private;
no fee without EUc;ce*e: collections. G. W.
HOWE, atty at law. SSO Market, cor. Stockton.
I. EDW. JARRETT. Hearst bldg.. Third and
Market sts.: phone Red 5262.
FREE advice; divorce law*, damages, estates,
collections. J. A. Mitchell. S14 Montgomery.
ADVICE free; no charge unless successful. W.
W. Davidson. J2T Market St.. opp. Mason.
L. B. CLARK. Err.ma Spreckels bid*.. S27 Mar-
ket ft.: consultation free: no fees in advance
BATH CAIIIMSTS.
ROBINSON. Niagara. Perfection and others.
W. S. BROWN CO.. agency. 126 Ellin ft.. S.F.
HOARDING FOR CHILDREN.
WIDOW would like 2 children to board; fur-
nished room for parent. 248 Shipley St.
LADY llvlnjr short distance from town wishes
ca.re W haby. MRS. A. ELLIS, Coima.
BOARD for iittle Birl: bes^ of care: reasonable.
4 Chur«-h lane, near Church and 16th sts.
BUSINESS CHANCES.
PARTNER wanted, restaurant In Vallejo; fine
business. 40 steady boarders; good transient:
terms. 1300 cash, easy installments of $200;
investigation solicited; or owner will sell the
whole: a splendid chance. Call R. G.
WILKE. :C4 Kearny et. ' S
j^_H50; OOKNER saloon In wholesale district;
rent $vi; good payinir business.
A IliW saloon in wholesale and manufactur-
ing district: doing an Al paying business;
mercantile lunch; a splendid offer. Call R. G.
WILKE. :6», K^rty Et.
ATTENTION. RESTAURANT MEN!
A— JO.V-0; cafe with lone lease, close to Mar-
ket and Powell sts.; surrounded by theaters,
and doing a rushing business; customers and
prices first -class; private dinim? room6, with
ladles' entrances; sickness compels owner to
letve the city. Particulars R. G. WILKE.
I6*j Kearny st.
A— SSOO; BfTi^CR shop, with horse and cart,
in best location cf .Western Additloa; place
established for year* and doing a first-class
burlniss; a splendid chance for any man.
Cell II. G. WILKE. 56H Kearny st.
A— «1250; SALOON with 10 furnished rooms;
close to Hall of Justice: plac- establ. many
year*; and doing a good business; owner en-
raged otherwise cause of sale; a bargain.
Call R.' G. WILKE. 26V4 Kearny st.
A — fS0(>: DINING room and restaurant with
prlxate lunch rooms In leading private hotel;
close to OTarrell and Mason: SOsteady board-
ers; a rare chance. Call R. G. WILKE. 2614
Kearny et.
MANY choice business openings; good values.
22 groceries and bars: price from.. $300 to 12000
39 branch bakeries; price from $200 to $1150
2) cigar stores: price from $125 to $1600
17 ealoons; price from $225 to $6000
84 rostaurant*; price from $150 to $_40
3 butcher t-hor>s; price from %2Z<i to $1500
4 country hotels: price from $1250 to $3000
PCHWEINHARD & CO.. 917 Market St.. bet.
Mh and €th: telephone Mint 1911.
A— LIVERY and boarding stable; park loca-
tion; good chance". Cowine & Co.. T1S Market.
A — PLUMBING shop; fine location; snap fot
ftod man. COWING _ CO., T1S Market et.
'A— RESTAURANT In bert part ol city; must
be sr.ld this rtay. COWING. 719 Market St..
A— VIM 8 ¦—olcaale and retail fruit business;
b— -g»ln. COWING & CO.. 719 Market st.
BAKER T and restaurant in a bay town; must
be aold: rash nr. installments; fine opportunl-
ty. LANK & CO.. J«S Market st.
$356— KKUIT store; 2 furnished rooms; receipts
$20 per <iay: gx>d hrrse and wagon; full value
___>_eisht. Mclaughlin. 777 Market st.
RESTAURANT and chicken ranch, both In
¦ rood running order: incubators and brooders.
Inquire. nS7 Central st.. East Berkeley.
FINE location for shoe store: no ciTjosltlotK
fixtures complete: 4 rooms. Northeast corner
ClenK-nt st. and Tiiird ave.; Sutro cars pass.
•1S50- CORNER saloon; koo«1 business; no night
Work: k«xx1 reason for selling; no agents. Ad-
drers \>ox 3S<JC. Call office.
|B»— 2 CHAIR shop: $i5 a week: must be Bold'
— rner tick. Inquire H. BERNARD. 104.7th.
EHOP suitable for 'shoemaker: good location-
rent rtasonable. Corner Bush and Scott sts.
SALOON for sale; opposite the ferry. .Apply
111 East st.. north of Market; no agents.
550. MADE :s<*r week: profession taught, $25.
Partic— >ars C21 Larkln et.
FOR SALE-<.'andy and Ice cream store! mi
Market st. ; good location.
FINE cay.li business: small capital required-
going East. Box 2*65, Call offk-e,
FOR s«ii — Good paying laur.rtry business cheap.
Address P. O. I. ox ir.3. San Rafael.
110.000— SO i;NI» investment: one of the best-
paying merchandise businesses in thie county;
*>ftablished for yt-are: cafe and profitable In-
vestment: half cftt'h. halan<.-e In i>ropert>. E
E. BK2CCE. s;2 Broadway, Oakland.
J45O— RESTAURANT; fine morning and even-
ing trade; cverj'thing !n complete running
order; present owner 4 years; Investigate." 233
glxth fct.
A BARGAIN; corner grocery, with bar; cash
business; Mission district; no agents; terms
caeh; Investigation Invited. Box 4193, CalL
$,Ytf— BRANCH bakery, candy, cigars, notions,
fUitionery; near transfer corner, 2S4 Valencia.
14-ItCOM houee; newly furnished; always full;
gas. bath. 746 Howard Et.
J1200— HOTEL. SS rooms, public hall; rent $sa
622 Market Ft., room 5.
STATIONERY, notion- cigar and candy store;
laundry office; no agents. Apply 210 Turk st.
$2000— II A LIT interest In old-established busi-
ness. Box 2€*3, Call. •
AN old osUbilFfced jrirclry etore for sale cheap
on account cf Illness. Pox 3CCS.- Call office.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 FHUmor* st.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1C3»
Valencia st.
LODGING-HOUSES FOB. SALE.
14 ROOMS, rent $G0. residence. elears.SSl... $730
15 rooms cor., part cash, hard wood K.0
16 roonw, cor., elegant, sunny, clears $78. 1500
30 room*, cor., apartments. J105 clear 2800
55 rooms, cor.. S. Mkt.. new, clears $97.. 2000
42 rooms, cor., downtown, urgent sale, offices.
First floor big income, best location in city.
Only a few of my 217' house?. Please call.
M. GRIFFIN. 719 Market St.. r. 1.
6 P.OOMS; Taylor St.: make an offer.
12 rooms; Golden Gate ave.; only J525
15 rooms; O'Farrell St.; a bargain ; cash.. WO
17 rooms; Eddy St.; very good. "J00
1« rooms; Mission st.; to-day only 600
32 rooms; Mason St.; cheap rent 1730
Cash or *nsy ravments: snaps for buyers.
HAYES & WILSON. 838 Market (The Elite).
24 ROOMS; best paying house north of Market.
?0 rooms; good transient house. • > .
1$ rooms; rent $35: price only $500
ss rooms; corner; a bargaln.-
€9 rooms: a bargain $4000
EMERY. 3 Eddy St.; phone Mint 1016.
A-K-ROOM rooming house; central $1000
20-room house; first class 1050
11-room house; $475: 6-room flat S— >
20-room house: Kddy; rent 175: only 900
j FISHER & CO.. 1032 Market st.
I A— FURNISHED house of 7 rooms for sale;
rent of house very cheap; rooms all full. Ap-
ply 1315 Stockton ft.
CARRIAGES AND WAGOXS.
ALL kinds of wagons, buggies, carts, harness,
etc. cheap. EGAN & SON., 2117 Mission st.
AN A No. 1 express wagon, single, also light
canrplng wagon, for sale cheap. 532 Mission.
NEW _ 2d-hand wagons, buggies, carts & har-
! ness, work & drfVlng horses. 15th & Valencia.
SPIRITUALISM.
ARRIVED — Mrs. Dr. Farnham, world-renown«d
spiritual medium; advice in all affairs of life,
lawsuits, divorces, deaths; unites the sepa-
rated; mining a specialty; clrs.Sun.,Wed..Fri.
ev's: come and be convinced. (Permanently)
E13 Eddy ft., bet. Hyde andLarkln; no sign.
i MEDIUM and palmist; readings this week. 25c
and 50c: satisfaction guaranteed. Room 14,
1239 Market st.
EDWARD EARLE. psycrric. 128 Powell St.:
hours. 8 to 5: Sunday at K. of P. Hall.
jiMK. MAJORS, gifted splrtual medium.
i healer and card reader. 132 Sixth Bt., room 1.
I MRS. LESTEU. medium and i>almlst. L'.'l Turk
i St.; circles Sun.. Tues.. Frl.. 8 p. m.. 25c.
¦ FRIENDSHIP Hall. 335 McAllister — Mr*. C. J. !
! Meyer. *it. dly; convinc'R tests to-night; 10c.
! CONSULT ttatson, 15S1 Mkt., nr. 12th; famous |
medium & palmist: advice infallible; 2oc up. i
PROF. GEE. medium— Startling tests; circles
I ever?- night. 10c; readings. SOc II. US Sixth.
i MRS J. J. WHITNEY, clairvoyant, test, busl-
! ness medium, life reader; sittings $L 1104 Mkt.
CLAIRVOVAXTS.
! ilME~PORTER. wonderful clairvoyant & card
: reader born with double veil & second sight; ,
' diagnoses disease with life reading: ladies ]
! r/c, gent $1; palm and clalr. Bit $1 50. 126 Turk.
! liMAR. the Egyptian KVPey clairvoyant and
i palmist, permanently located 114S Market, opp.
i Cth: private readings dally, 10 a. m. to 5 p. m.
i MRS. B. SANDERS, 514 Taylor St., near Geary
! —Clairvoyant, palmist and business medium;
| ladies' circle Thurs.. 2 p. m. ; Frl.. 8: olr.. 25c.
i MME BERNARD, reads life fluently; advice
I given In all affairs in life: satisfaction guar-
: anteed: 25c up. 17 Third st., r.fxt Examiner.
1 MME. ZFREDA. the gypsy, is the great palm-
j iFt and card reader: 25c. 7 Seventh; no sign.
' CLAIRVOYANT, mineral psychometric, palm-
I 1st and card reading. !5c. 1241^ Market st.
| MME HANFCN, palmistry, card reader; past,
! present, future. 25o. 14S Slith st, room 14.
! MME SCHAFFER, clairvoyant, card reader;
I sittings dally. 4»SH Jessie st. '
I MRS CAMERON, card reader, medium. 25c up.
i 823 Mission Et.; don't forget number; ring bell, j
jZKMDAR, young, gifted clalr.. card reader;
j names given; 10 to 9. 3 Fulton at., r. 29-30. |
I MRS. MELVILLE, well-known clairvoyant, wa- I
; ter reader, moved to 11 Sixth: German spoken.
I MRS. E. M. DUVAL. clairvoyant and business
! rr.edium. 423 Golden Gate ave.
¦ MME. AUGUST, clairvoyant, card reader and
| palmistry; truth or no pay; 25c. 1149 Mission.
MME. RAVENNA rtads life fluently; business
j adrice ; names given; Kc up. 5 Fourth st. j
i CHEAPEST and best in America— The Weekly
| Pall. 16 pages, sent to any address in the
United States or Canada one year for ?1.
! CARPET BEATING AXD CLEANING.
| STANDARD, 313 Guerrwro— Curtains and blan-
I kets renovated, 25c per pair: carpets cleaned,
I 3c yd; laying a specialty. Phone Miss-ion 106. i
I WHEN you become disgusted with ponr work 1
[ *#nd to SPAULDING'S Pioneer Carpet-neat- !
! Ing Works, 353-307 Tehama at. ; tel. Sftuth 40. |
i — ¦ — '
i CARPETS cleaned at 3c per yard, laid at 5c.
j STRATTON'S. 3 Eighth St.; tel. Jessie 944.
: J. E. MITCHELL. Carpet-Beating and Reno-
I vatlng Co.. 240 Fourteenth st. ; tel. Mission 74.
| CITT Steam Carpet-Heating Works. G. H.
STEVENS, mfrr., 38-40 Sth st. ; tel. Soujh 2.'.0.
' ADVANCE Carpet Cleaning Co., 402 Eutter et. ;.
! tel Main 391. GEO. WALCOM. proprietor. !
¦ CONKLIN'S Carpet^Beatlng WorksTsaT Golden I
I Gate a\-e.; telephone East 126.
COTTAGES TO LET.
$10— COTTAGE 3 sunny rooms; yard; water.
134 Rose ave.. between Gough and Octavla.
CHIROPODISTS.
BUNIONS. Ingrown nails., corns, absolute cure,
palnlessiconsult'n free. Dr. Duncan. 415 Sutter.
COLLECTION OFFICES.
GEORGE W. KELLY'S Agency— No charge un-
leFS successful. Room 310. 927 Market st.
DENTISTS.
AT"the £LECTiSo-D^EN'rAL"cLINICr809~Mar^
ket Bt., cor. 4th, rm. 7, Flood bldg., you can
have your extractions done painlessly; teeth
without plates our specialty; gold crowns,
tt SO up; plates, extractions free. $4 50 up; of-
fice hours. 9 a. m. to 10 p. in.: Sundays. 9 to 2
p. m. G. W. WILLIAMSON. M. D.. Manager.
I EIGHT prizes for best crowns, platee, bridges
and fillings; extractions or fillings by my won-
derful secret, painless method; 20 years' ex-
perience; no students: advice free; prices
cheapest and giikrnnteed; lady attendants.
j DR. GEORGE W. LEEK. 20 OFarrell st.
A NEW plate, the unbreakable Rose Pearl,
warranted for 23 years; crowns and bridge-
work; teeth without a plate; fillings, B0c;
crowns. $3 50; platen, full set. $5 00; all work
I painless and warranted. Chicago Dental Par-
I lory. 24 Sixth et.
"MAIN Office" New York Dental Parlors, 1019
Market st.. bet. Sixth and Seventh; consult
us on crowns and bridges; te«th extracted
positively and absolutely without pain.
j DR. LUDLUM HILL. 1443 Market, nr. Eleventh
—No charge for extracting when plates are
! made; old rlates made over like new; teeth
I " from tS per get; extractlr>g. Me: gas given.
j LOWEST prices charged for conscientious work
executed by graduate dentists at Standard
Dental Parlore. r. 54. Murphy bldg.. 1236 Mkt.
DR. WALSH. 815% Geary, nr. Larkln— Painless
extraction SOc; plates 15 up; tel.. Polk 113E.
LOWEST prices in S. 'F.; painless extraction.
SOc New York Dgntlsts. 9C9 Mission, cor. 6th.
PARIS Dental Parlor. 235 Kearny, cor. Bush—
Full get of teeth. *4; crowns. |3; fillings. !5o.
VAN VROOM— "Painless" ; evenings and Sun-
days. 1001 Market St.. corner Sixth.
SET ,, of . t ?* ln wlthou t Plate. DR. H. G. YOUNG
1>41 Polk st.
l)QG .HOSPITALS. " ~
DR BUZARL-8 dog hospital. Post. Flllmore-
Advice and medicine. 75c: city visits, U60- a'.!
enlmals treated: degs boarded. Tel.-West 636.
DR. Creely's C. P. mange cure and worm pills
by druggists or at hogrjltal.SlOOolden Gate avl
DRESSMAKERS AND SEAMSTRESSES
FAIRFIELD'S Millinery Academy; ' cal'f&Vx-
arair.e work; itend for circular. 1236 Market.
ACCORDION pleating factory; all kinds pleat-
lng. pinking. 121 Post. overO'Connor&Moffatt.
McDowell Dressmaking and Millinery School-
private class; patterns cut. 1019 Market st.
S. F. Dressmaking. Ladies' .Tailoring and Mil-
linery School; French system. 411 Van Ness.
.EDUCATIONAL. ~~
AYRES' Business College, 723 Market st. • day
and evening; individual instruction. $S per
month: life scholarship, $00; bookkeeping.
shorthand, telegraphy, etc.: Just added 25 new
tji>ewriters: commercial department enlarged
and Is the best In S. F. ; catalogue free.
GALLAGHER-MARSH College, Parrott Bldg.—
fihorthar.d, typing and bookkeeping; Robert F.
Gallagher, expert court reporter, teacher of
shorthand: reportorial phrasing taught; prac-
tlcal bookkeeping; full course, $50; catalogue.
HEALD'S BUSINESS COLLEGE. 24 Post St.
6. F.— Bookkwpinp, shorthand, typing, Ian-
guages, telegraphy. English branches, civil
electrical and mlnicg englueerlng. etc.; .day
and night cessions; new SO-page catalogue, free.
A-THE LYCEUM, an accredited j preparatory
school for the university, law and medical
. colleges: references. President Jordan or any
. Stanford professor. Phelan building.
EDUCATIONAL. . :
AN experienced lady vocalist'; of European ad-
vantages desires to exchange lessons for room
In central location. Address box 3695. Call.
SPANISH, classes day and evening, 305 Lark hi
st., cor. - McAllister; 4 lessons a week,- $3 a
month; also private. PROF. P. M. VIZCAINO.
BOOKKEEPING, free trial: private lessons; 8
inns. In college not equal to S wks. with me;
$23. TARR. expert accnt., 220 Parrott bldg.
MISS M. G. BARRETT, Shorthand Academy;
lessons'by mail; acknowledged by official re-
porters besfteacher, best system. 302 Montgy.
ALL students but two taking full course this
year got positions. SAN FRANCISCO BUSI-
NESS COLLEGE, 1236 Market St.
ENGINEERING, civil, elec. mining, mech., sur-
. vey, assay, cyanide, arch.: day, eve.: est 1864.
VAN PER NAILLEN SCHOOL. 933 Market.
SPANISH. French. German, singing, piano, $2
mo.; hours, 2-4. 6-8. 1236 Market, rms. 119-117.
MUNSON School Shorthand. Typing, Bookkeep-
ing, Spanish. 137 Mont'y. E. M. Carpenter, pr.
MR. and MRS. D. MANSFIELD, music studio;
violin," guitar, mandolin, banjo. 1S36 Eddy St.
ILLUSTRATION— PARTINGTON'S DAY and"
ILLUSTRATION— Night claas. 424 Pine Bt.
FRENCH. Spanish. etc. Prof.DeFillppe'sAcademy
of Languages, 320 Post; estab. 1871;ablest profs.'
CALIFORNIA Business College Is again en-
larging quarters. - Come see us, 30G Larkln st.
ARITHMETIC, bookkeeping, grammar, writing,
etc.. day or eve.; $5 mo. 1024 Mission, nr.- 6th.
CHEAPEST and best. In America— The Weekly
Call. 16 pages, eent to any address In the
United States or Canada one:year for $1.
EMPLOYMENT OFFICES.
A — JAPANESE and Chinese employment con-
tractor; estab. over 10 years; all kinds help.
421 Post St.. near Powell; Telephone Bush 13o.
JAPANESE and Chinese Employment Office;
best help furn. Tel. John 2121. 806K Stockton.
FRED WAM ATS, Japanese. Chinese contractor:
emp. office. 544 California; tel. James 2601.
RELIABLE Japanese-Chinese employment of-
flce; all kinds held. 315 Stockton; Main 5183..
JAPANESE HounecleanlrgCo.— Waiters, cooks.
dishwashers; est. 1890. 10> Oak: tel. Page 547.
UNION Japanese-Chinese emp. office— Best help
furn.; domestic serv. 417 Powell; tel. Bush 376.
ORPHEUM Employment Office— Japanese, Chi-
nese help. 42S Powell.nr.Sutter: tel. Black 5072.
CHTNESE and Japanese Employment Office —
Heist help. 411Vj O'Farrell St.; tel. East 4!6.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The Weekly Call.
16 pages. In wrnpper. for mailing. $1 per year.
EMPLOYMENT WANTED FEMALE.
RESPONSIBLE lady, good dressmaker, wants
iosltion as seamstress in private family or
care of rooming house; room for self and j
husband taken as part pay; must be resoec-
table. Ad. or call "Dressmaker," 174 Perry. I
GOOD, respectable girl wants position to as-
sist In housework and care of baby and help
in baken'; wages $15; city or country. Ap-
ply 242 Seventh St. |
GERMAN cook and helper want places to-
gether In hotel or boarding-house; city or
country: can do any kind of cooking. 242
Natoma st.. basement. MRS. POPP.
A MIDDLE-AGED woman wishes a Dosltlon
for light housework and plain cooking. Call 1
for two days at 1414 Lyon st. j
WANTED— Place In small American family: i"
sood cook; references if required. Box 2743,
Call office. __
VERY hard work with washing. $1 50 per day;
lighter work with light washing, $1 10 per
day. 78 Third St.
GOOD, willing girl wants situation for general
housework in American family. Call 2 days,
1022 Larkln *U , j
SITUATION wanted; competent girl; general
housework, plain cooking. Address H., 615
Larkln st^
WANTED— By a- practical dressmaker, a posl- j
tlon to take charge of a lady or lady's ward-
N rebe; best of references.' Box 3629. ¦ Call. j
TWO Swedish girls wish situations In house-
v.-ork. Address 1214 Vermont st.
YOUNG lady wishes a position to do upstairs
work In hotel. Apply at 14 Natoma St., city.
WANTED— Work by day. $1 and car fare7~MRS.
EGAN. room 90. 930 Howard St. ... '
SF.COND girl, Protestant; good wages and ser-
vice. Call 2 days. 1022 Larkin st.
YOUNG woman wishes situation to do house-
work or waiting at table; city or Oakland.
Inquire at S3S Jessie St., oSf Seventh.
REFINED girl desires position to care for chil-
dren; will do light second work; wages $20.
Box 3S»s, Call office. '¦ .
EXPERIENCED dressmaker wishes work In j
families by the day. Address S. M.. 1735 :
Hyde st. . .¦
HOUSEWORK by the day. 120 Fourth at. j
WOMAN desires situation as first-class cook: i
willing to do other work also. Address 412 j
Minna st. ' j
COLORED girl wishes position as nurse for 1 j.
child cr second .work. 107 Bernard St.. off '
Leavenworth. Jones, Pacific and Broadway. j
YOUNG woman wants place to do general :
housework and cooking. Apply 1411 Lyon st. !
WOMAN to/do housework by the day or take'
washing 1 home. Address MRS. DAVIS. 21
Falcon ave. / •
A YOUNG lady wishes a position as second girl j
or chambermaid. 1535 Mission Bt. !
DRESSMAKING and tailoring by a first class i
fitter at $2 per day. Box 2800. Call .office. j
WINCHESTER House. 44 Third «<t.. near Mar- '
ket— 2C0 rooms; 25c to $1 B0 night, $150 to $6 j
wfcek; convenient and respectable; free 'bub i
and baggage to and from ferry. - ¦ j
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions j
received at Call branch office, 2200 Flllmore st. ¦
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and |
subscriptions has been established at 10J6 :
Valencia £t. ¦ ~ ;
EMPLOYMENT. WANTED— M ALB.
MAOILNTsTrT^rnlduTe^a^^ j
nor tobacco, seeks situation as vise or bench !
hand or any place of trust; part time If de-
Eired. C31 Post St.- t
WANTED — By an Englishman situation as
butler and valet; good references. Address
box 3628, Call office.
DRUG apprentice; Eastern young' man, 20,
wants steady place; with some experience; |
waces no object. Box 414S, Call office.
PKSPECTATJLE young man, good habits and
education; experienced I'n office work; wants
a position. Box 3SS7. Call office.
SITUATION wanted— Middle-aged Swedish
man. kitchen work *and wash dishes: under- I
stands cooking. Box 2744. Call office. .
EXPERIENCED, industrious, sober German
young man wishes position as porter, bar- '
¦ keeper or Janitor. Box 2743, Call office. |
WANTED— WjwK cleaning around house or
grounds byuhe day by a sober, reliable man;
reference if wanted. Box 3890, Call office.
WANTED— Steady position as night or day
clerk in lodging-house or hotel. Box 4150, Call.
YOUNG married man wants a position as bar-
keeper; sober and Industrious. Box 3881, Call.'.
SITUATION wanted by competent man to take
care of garden, horses and make himself use-
ful around private place; can care for. sick
party. Box 3S55, Call office.. -.
SITUATION wanted by : middle-aged man as
porter in hotel or etore, barkeeper, clerk In
lodging-house or' similar position; steady Job
preferred to high wages. Address box 41J3,
Call office. ¦ ¦ .
SITUATION wanted by thoroughly experienced
all-around (Eastern man) cook; steady; re-
liable: thoroughly understands his business.
Box 3S54. Call office- . • ;
GERMAN grocery clerk and barkeeper wishes
a situation; first-class references. W." BOH-
L1NG. 417 Kearny St..
STEADY, reliable young man, aged - 25 .years,
wishes situation. Address: box 3831, Call.
COACHMAN wants situation; csn do some gar-
dening: good driver; thorouithly competent;
city references. Box 4736. Call office.
STRONG, active young man. 19. ¦ wants posi-
tion in book or general merchandise . store
In country. Box SCSI. Call office.
JAPANESE honest boy '¦' desire* housework - or
cook ln.Bmall family. A. MURA, 526 O'Far-
rell *t. . . . . • ¦ . '
JAPANESE young boy wants position as wait-
er; 2 years' reference; 'any one will find, him
trustwory. Box 4145. Call office.
CLASSIFIED advertisements anil Mibseriptioni
received, wt- Call branch offlce. 2200 Flllmore.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and t
subscriptions has been established at 1096 Va-
lencia Ft. _ M " ' :.
EXPERT Ol'TICIAXS.:
EYES examined free; spectacles properly ad-
.luyfd. ¦ N.'Mana*». oculist optician. 910 Mkt. •
.FINANCIAL.: ™
IF you h«ve .blocks or bonds of any'klnd for
sale • call or ¦ address ¦ PACIFIC * COAST UN-
. DERWRIT1NO CO.. 504 Parrott building: :
;'. FLATS TO r'LET^-FURNISHED: ,
$30 — FIVE rooms .and , bath; furnished.' : 12»A
Guerrero St.. near Fourteenth. • ; ',;-'•.:
FLAT of 5 • rooms - nicely furnished for house-
_n»i_Bi — i iiiUabeth St.. near Guerrero.
j * FLATS TO LET. \.
100 FLATS and houses, etc., to rent '¦¦•\:
• 1427- Washington st., flat, 8 rooms... $35
1207«4 Devisadero st.. flat. 6 rooms. "... 22
16f>3u. Turk St.. flat. 6 rooms ............' 18
1424 Howard:st., flat.15 rooms.... ......:;... It
630C- Jessie St., flat. « rooms 9
250 Tehama st., flat. 6 rooms.. ....10,
834 Elizabeth st., cottage. 5 rooms... 15
17 Minna St.. flat. 6 rooms.:................. 15
Flats wanted. SPECK & CO.. 667 Market.
A SNAP; 4 rooms, clean and sunny; reduced
to 13. : 1424& Howard Bt. ___.
FLAf of 6 rooms and bath. 2229V4 Mission St..
between Eighteenth and Nineteenth.
ilF you want to move get printed list tlats to 1«-.'.
from BALDWIN & HOWKL.L. 10 Montgomery.
REED. 26—3 cozy rooms: rent $10. Apply 132S
Washlngto net., near Jones.
SUNNY flat. 4 rooms. 210 Willow ave., above
Van : Nesa. - ¦ , ' ¦
IU-FINE flat. 4 large : rooms, bath ; gas
.large yard. 3928 Nineteenth St.. between San-
chex and Noe; key upstairs. |
$7— 4-ROOM flats on Victor St.. off Bryant, bet.
•7th and Sth. 'Inquire at grocery. 941 Brvnnt.
FURMTUHE FOR SALE^
FOR sale— Solid walnut foldrng bed; sideboard
style: drawers, cupboard, etc.; no dealers..
425 Tenth St.
4 ROOMS furnished in oak for $4S 50. with No.
7 range. King Furniture Co., 1127-1131 Mar-
ket St.; telephone South 637.
NEWLY furnished flat for sale cheaD on ac-
count departure. Call Wednesday. 2273 Geary.
OFFICE furniture and carpet; almost new; a
bargain. Apply Janitor. 105 Ellis Bt.
FURNITURE WASTED.
CHA8. LEVY buys your furniture, carpets,
pianos, etc.. .1135 Market at.; tel. Jeaale 761.
A. WOLLPERT 773 Mission St.. pays highest
price for gecond-hand furniture; tel. Red 1254.
ALWAYS 'phone John 1041 before selling your
furniture^ Standard Furn. Co., 745 Mission.
Auctloneer-L. Vincent. 1306 Larkln; tel Polk 691.
furniture _ furn'd houses bought; Bpot cash.
W. E. CODY (late with J. T. Terry & Co.). buys
furniture, carpets. 757 Mission; tel. Red 8353.
HELP AXTED— FEMALE.
C. R. HANSEN & CO.. Phone. Grant 185
.... ... HOTEL DEPARTMENT ... ....
Hotel housekeeper. $40. eee party here 9:30; !
4 nrst-claas chambermaids, Southern Califor- j
nia, * $20: 6 waitresses, different commercial
hotels. $20 and $25; 2 waitresses, city, $20; 4
chambermaids to wait, $20, city; chamber-
maid, $20, anil many others.
.-... FAMILY DEPARTMENT .."
German cook, $30; Swedish housegirl, small
family, $25; 12 houseglrls, $20 and $25, and a
great many houseglrU and girls to assist,
$15 to $20. C It. HANSEN & CO., 104 Geary, j
A— HOUSEGIRL. 4 In family, $30, see party
here 11 q'clock; 2 cooks. $30 each; second girl, j
$25; 2 laundresses, $30 and $25; mother and
¦> daughter, $45; cook and second girl, .name j
house, $30 and $20; woman to cook for men, I
$25; boarding-house cook, $30; ranch cook, '
$25, office fee patd; chamDermaid, $25. MRS.
NORTON. 313 Butter et. j
A WOMAN who understands cutting of ladles'
nnd children's garments to take . charge of
special order. department: must be a good de-
signer; good wages. for the right woman. 723
Market st.. room 35. '
WANTED — Operators on women's wrappers and
waists; steady work; good pay. MARKS
BROS.. 1212 Market st.
GIRL or -woman, assist in light housework: 2 !
in family; wages $10 to $12. 672 Walnut ave., j
cf£ Leguna St., near Sutter. ' '
FIRST-CLASS-fsklrt hand for ladles' tailor;
also an apprentice; paid while learning. VER-
DIER, 9S4;Geary;st.
WANTED-^-Goofl cook ami general housekeeper, j
Apply between 10 and 11 a. m. at 1453 Frank-
lin st. <;.;,;, -*T..>: •
YOUNG girl," light housework and plain cook-
ing; good home." Cajl 1 to 3 or 7 p. m., 2101
Webster st. '%¦:-.>.; . • •
WANTED— Elderly lady to care for Infant !
babe;- Danish preferred; $12 per' month. 3 j
Gclden crt., oft Sacramento, nr. Leavenworth.
WANTED— A woman, self-possessed and of !
courteous manner, to handle department; one
who has traveled preferred. Box 3610. Call. :
100 WOMEN on ladles' underwear to take work !
home. 723 Market st., room 35.
HANDS on ladies' waists; to work in factory;
gc.od wages. 723 Market' st. , room 35.
GIRL to do general housework; wages from $C0
to $25 per month. 1010 Treat ave.
GIRLS wanted at the United States Laundry.
Apply at U. S. Laundry. 16th and Valencia.
EXPERIENCED saleslady for trimmed mil-
linery;- references. Address box 3627. Call.
WAXTED*An apprentice for corset making.
247 Geary, call after 9 o'clock.
GOOD hands on vests; also ai>i>i?ntlce. 641',*
Stevenson St. -t I
WANTED— Girl for housework and' cooking;
wages *15. 1443 McAllister st. •
YOUNG girl for general housework; need not
cook. Call 1?31 Eddy st.
TALENTED amateur performers wanted. Ap-
ply at Chutes at 6 p. m. f
NEAT sewer for corsets. Apply MME. WAL-
TER, 603 Powell st. i
TWO ladies or girls, -with or without child, for
house and nursery." at 1304 Poet fit. - I
FINISHER on pants: first-class only; steady !
work; best wages. 903 Bush st. " '
RESPONSIBLE woman; light housework- $2 50 H
a week. Box 36S2, Call office. i
WANTED— A girl to wait at table and help :
In kitchen; restaurant. 25S First st. , j
PANTS finisher. S5S Howard.' st, bet. Fourth J
and Fifth, over handball court. - i
APPRENTICES and errand girl In millinery I
store at 692 McAllister st. .»
GIRL: general housework and cooking; three
in family; no washing or window cleaning;
call mornings. 510 Cole, opp. Chutes entrance. |
TWO first-class vestmakers wanted at 528 Ste- j I
venson st. : good wages..
YOUNG girl toassist light housekeeping; pleas-
ant home: $10. 142-JV4 Jackson st.
A COMPETENT girl for cooking" and house- •
work for family of five in Western Addition;
good home; references. Address C. O.,.Call. j
GERMAN or Swedish girl In small American |
family for general housework; wages $12 to
$15. Apply 319 Page St.. from 8 to 12. : J <
EXPERIENCED hand and Improver at dress- j
making. 857 Folsom st. ' ! •
GIRL for general housework; •small family. 3740 j
¦ Twenty-fifth St., cor. Fair Oaks. - J
IMPROVER on waists wanted. FRANCIS, 7S6 i
Sutter st. .
GOOD finisher on pants. S3 Third st., upstairs.
WANTED— An experienced waitress; wages •
$20. 239 Hyde st. . ...-.,. .-
GIRL wanted to assist in general housework; <
wages. $15. 117 Bartlett st. __ !
SEWING girls, attention'.— Experienced opera- ! .
j tors on dress and negligee shirts; steady)
work; good pay.' Lowen berg Co., 27 Jessie st. I
LADIES to solicit for novelty corset: salary and j
commission. . A. L.. box' 36S0,' Call office. :
WANTED- Women and girls fj work ou iru.:.
17X1 Folsom >t.'.. between IStn and 14th. •
CLASSIFIED advertisements and 'subscriptions ;;
received. at Call branch office. 2200 Flllmore st.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and j
subscriptions has been established at 1096 Va-
lenola at. ¦ ¦
_ HELP WAXTjfiU— MALE Vv _ v
AT C. R. HANSEN & CO.'S..... .104 Geary St.-
...;... RAILROAD WORK ..............
100 .teamster*, railroad work, Nevada..... ..$2
3 Btonemasons, railroad work, Nevada.... $3 50
Free fare Ship daily... ...Free fare
Carpenter for railroad camp, $2 50 a day, free .
fare; ranch blacksmith, $45- and board; 6 ;
farmer*, different ranches, $20 and $26.
Driver for delivery wagon, strong, stout
man, $12 a -week.:. .........:\....v:..... '.:...."
HOTEL DEPARTMENT
Head waiter, large hotel, south...' ..$75
Head waiter, hotel, near city..... ;..$40 ;
Attendants' cook, institution, country... .. .$iC j •
'Vegetablemen,. dishwashers " and kitchen
' hands, $30 and $25; kitchen hand. Institution,
country, ?25. C. R.' HANSEN & CO., - 101
Geary, st. • ' : . ¦
EXPERIENCED ¦ stenographer ; for general of- ;.
.flee work; state age, experience • and salary .
expected..' . Box . 2706.. Call. • " ' . ¦'• . • . ; ¦ ¦
WANTED— Young man to make himself gener-
1 ally useful in kitchen, etc. ; good chance to
learn cooking. '3100; Fulton st. .'
2 STEADY. boys," some experience at painting. \
NW. cor. :¦ Tw'erity-thlrd and Dolores streets, '
' Wednesday mornlnc, 7:30. - : ¦ ".; "•. .- : . . ¦ '.
WANTED— Steady; man with $150; light work;
will pay ' JCO • per month ; experience not re- •
quired. McLAUGHLIN &' CO.. 777^ Market. !
A — SALESMEN,', . office ', men v and ' mechanics ;
seeking; positions, : call at 9-Geary st..:rm.^8. • :
WANTED— First-class ;.• stove molders. .'Apply •
at STEIGER &;KERR'S.; 350 Main st. ,- ]
FIRST-CLASS v ladies' tailors; -steady work;
: good -pay.;- A: ¦ KAHN. : 142 . Geary st. , • Z 1
SOBER man with" $300 ; to buy Interest i In . est. ' :
manufacturing business. ;. Apply 1150 Folsom. ;
$50 A MONTH and board; must loan $350; good j
security. -Box 2741, Call. . ~ ..
/ HELP WANTED-MALEi.
"A— MURRAY '"&. ! READY. ... . .Phone Main 684S
-• ¦ Leading- Employment and Labor Agents,
r WANT 7 A. M. TO-DAY
- 60 laborers, city and country.. $1 7a and $2 day
Cooper for winery...- • harnessmaker
Blacksmiths and helpers ...stablemen
io plow teamsters and farmers.. $23 & $30 & fd.
Milkers and buttermakers $30 and fd.
Carriage painters, drillers, lumber pliers.
choppers, -farmer and wife
Young man to drive bakery wagon.. $20 and fd.
2 boys for factory •• •-AS week
MURRAY _ READY, 634-C36 Clay st.
A— EXPERIENCED man for delicatessen store.
$40 and found; markers for laundry: restau-
. rant, hotel and boarding-house cooks. $30 to
$00 and found; saloon and second cooks; walt-
' ¦ ' *rs, -'¦ city and country; laundry help: coat-
" maker. $15 to $20 week. MURRAY & READY,
634-636 Clay Bt. ' ,
A— WANTED
2 brick masons, to build furnace for mine, $4
a day, long Job; blacksmith and shoe for
ranch, $40 and fd.; milker for city, J35; black-
smith and shoe, near city, $40 and fd.; la-
borer for foundry, $1-75 a day; useful man
,«or Institution. $16 and fd. ; restaurant waiter.
$40; boy for factory. $6 50 a week; ax man
for mine. S3 a day; cook, small hotel, $30. W.
D. EWER - CO., 610 Clay st. ' -
A— WANTED : •¦
Head mill men for quarts mill; $4 a day
Board. W. P. EWER & CO.. 610 Clay st.
A— MILKER, country. ?25 and found. .MISS
CyLLEN. 323 Sutter Bt. ,
A FOREMAN' and 10 carpenters. 2 shlnglers, 20
bench hands. 20 cabinetmakers. 4 sticker
hands, at • MECHANICS' REGISTRATION
BUREAU, 410 Kearny St., room 9. Non-union
. mechanics please register; no office fees.
BARBERS' Progressive Union— Free employ-
ment H. Bernard. Sec., 104 7th; tel. Jessie 152.
WANTED— 100' men to take, rooms, 10c, 15c and
20c. Boston House. 930 Howard st.
WANTED— Man, one who understands how t»
cook oysters; wages $25. 135 Powell »t.
WANTED— First-class white cook on board U.
S. S. Pathfinder. Inquire Peters' boathouse.
WANTED— Boy to work around a cigar fac-
'. tory. 824 Capp st. : '
LUNCH waiter. 1024 Hyde st.
BICYCLE repairman for first-class shop; state
abilities; must be A-l. Box 3S88, Call.
WANTED— Boy or young man; good talker. 211
Minna St.. 0 o'clock. ¦
TALENTED — amateur performers wanted. Ap-
ply at Chutes at 6 p. m.
WANTED— Man to do chores about hotel. Jef-
feison Hotel, Harbor View.
WANTED— Reliable young man, some cash;
restaurant; no experience necessary. 496 4th.
WANTED— Good waiter at Golden West Hotel.
68 Ellis St.
WANTED— Cake baker at 123 Taylor st.
WAITER wanted at 560 Howard at.
WAITER wanted; must do porter work. 37
Eddy st.
WANTED- A barber -at 1209 Point Lobos ave.
BARBER wanted at 222 Gough st
WANTED— A good barkeeper with references.
Cor. Lombard and Lyon sts., near : Presidio.
WANTED- Painters; good mechanics. Apply
2705 Mission St.
A BOOTBLACK for barber 4 Shop. Inquire 143
Larkln st. ,
WANTED— Good bread baker. 32 East St.,
Dewey Houre. ,
GOOD bootblack wanted. 1313 Market St., op-
Doslte Seventh.
WANTED — Elderly man to do chores around
. bakery. 1133 Folsom 8t.
A SWIFT carpenter on store work. Apply
early. J. WIESON & CO.. 863 Mission st.
YOUNG man, experienced, to drive butcher
wagon; good wages. 1307 Polk st.
ERRAND boy for tailor shoy; $2 50 per week.
S53 Howard st.. over handball court.
WANTED— Night cashier; all-round man. 29
Stockton st
BARBERS— A comalete 3-chalr outfit for sale
at a bargain. Call at S32 Larkln st.
MEN wanted for the United States Navy— Ma-
chinists, first class, age 21 to 35, pay per
month., $55; machinists, second class, age 21
to S5, pay per month. $40; electricians, third
class, age 21 to 35, pay per month $30; ship-
wrights (carpenters), age 21 to 35. pay per
•month. $25: seamen, ago 21 to 35, pay per
month, $?4; ordinary seamen, age 18 to 30.
pay P<?r month, $19; landsmen, age 18 to 25,
pay per month, $16; apprentices", third class,
age 13 to 17. pay per month, $3. All candi-
dates for enlistment must pass a. physical ex-
amination showing them to'be free from dis-
qualifying ailments. Machinists must pass
an examination showing them to be ma-
chinists by trade. Electricians must pass a
practical examination In electricity, espe-
cially on the handling of electrical machines,
ghlowrlghts must be carpenters by trade.
Seamen and ordinary seamen must pass an
examination In seamanship. Landsmen ami
apprentices will be required to pass the phys-
ical examination only. The term of enlist-
ment is for four years. Should a man re-en-
ll&t within a period of four months from the
"ate of honorable discharge he will receive a
bonus of four months' pay and an > addition
to his monthly pay of $1 36 for each re-enlist-
ment. , Rations, mediclm-a and medical at-
tendance are furnished gratis In addition to
pay. Privilege of retirement after thirty
rears' service on three-quarters of the pay
received at date of retirement. It Is the de-
Fire of the Navy Department to obtain a
larse number of able-bodied Americans for
the navy, who will be given every opportunity
.for advancement as scon as they are qualified
fcr;th«> higher ratings. The early completion
of a number of fine ships for the navy will
.'make a large Increase In tho enlisted force
.necessary, and this will cause a correspond-
UTtg large Increase In the number of petty offl-
I cery./'who will be advanced from the lower
• ratings. Recruits who may be accepted will
-' be'rasslgned to a U. S. war vessel; appren-
tices *o the naval training station,' San Fran-
cisco. Cal. Applications should be made at
the U. S. Naval Recruiting Rendezvous, cor-
ner of Market and East streets, San Fran-
clsco. Cal. -¦- - . ' .
WANTED — A young man- to -act as' floor
walker; one with good address and sterling
habits; for Welnstock, Lubin & Co., Sacra-
• mento. Apply G23 Market st., near First,
bet. 2 nnd 3 p. m. .
WANTED — A thoroughly experienced * clothing
salesman; one who can talk Portuguese; for
Sacramento. Apply 523 Market St., room 7,
bet. 2 and 3 p. m.
GOOD boy to learn printing business; good
. chance. JANSSO PRINTING & BINDING
CO.. 23 Stevenson st. ¦
WANTED— Young man to work in drug Ftore:
1 or 2 years' experi enc *: reference required.
Kibbler'B Pharmacy. Lnrkln ami Turk sts. "
WANTED— Stove plate molder. Address
"Foundry." general delivery. Postofflce.
CASH boys wa'rtted., S. N. WOOD & CO.. 71S
Market st.
WANTED— An experienced waiter; none but
experienced neo.d awly. 20 Third st.
SPECIAL Inducements to good salesman to
take orders for merchant tailor in city. Box
4743. Call office. . •
YOUNG grocer clerk; 18 or 19 years of age. 437
Fourth st. v ,.
FIRST-CLASS coatmaker on custom coats. 927
Market . st. , room 721. , . ,
BARBERS— 3-chair shop for sale; going East.
14 Turk ft. *
FIRST-CLASS ladies' tailors wanted: highest
wages paid. FRANCIS. 796 Sutter st.
2-CHAIR shop doing. from $30 to $35 per week;
this is a bargain ntul must be sold at once.
Box '3697, Call office.. '
WANTED^-Laborers and : mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkin. Reno House proprietor, still
, runs Denver I House, 217 Third St. ; . 150 large
rooms; 25c per night; $1 to $2 per week.
GET:. your shoes half soled while waiting: 25c
to 50c. 562 Mission St.. bet. 1st and 2d sts.
ALL sizes men's shoes, slightly damaged, half
price. f)62 Mission St., bet, 1st and 2d sts.
WANTED— A place to stop for the winter— This*
can be found at_the Adams House. 519 Sacra-
mento St.. near "Montgomery: one of the few
respectable houses where countrymen coming
to the- city can find nice, clean, cheap, well-
. ventilated rooms. A. McCREERY, Prop.
MEN'wanted'to learn barber trade; only eight
weeks required; positions guaranteed: special
Inducements: catalogue and map of city free.
MOLKR'S BARBER COLLEGE. 635 Clay St.
PENSIONS— J. Hf.Shepard & Co., old..rellabT»
firm, , ?06 Market, rm. 40. Phelan bldg. ; pen-
sion vouchers executed, 25c; advice free.
YOUNG man wanted to learn the barber trade-
easy terms. 713 Mission st.
BARBER ;shor> for sale: good chance for mar-
rltd man. 7 Call 1096 Valencia' at.
STOLTZ. barber supplies. • removed from 630
Market (basement) to 636 Market St., upstairs.
GENTLEMEN'S suits to order. $1 per week, at
cash prices. -.; N. Y. Tailoring Co., 115 Kearny.'
SAtLORS. ordinary seamen and green hands:
all parts of world.'; HERMAN'S. 28 Eteuart.
MEN i and women to learn barber trade. S. F.
: BARBER. COLLEGE. 741A 'Howard st.
PENSIONS-GEO. D. CAMPBELL, lawyer. 16
............. years' practice; Examiner building.
WINCHESTER House. 44 .Third st.. near Mar-
ket;, 700 rooms. 25c night: reading-rooms; free
,'bus and ; baggage to and from the ferry. -::-i
A BRANCH office for. Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been ¦ established at 109S
-Valencia st.
HEMORRHOIDS.
PILES— 300 cures business men In San Fran-
cisco: can be seen: no operation: no pain: par-
tlculars sent. Ad. Physician, box 1950. Call.
HOUSES, LIVE STOCK. Etc—For Snle
40 HORSES for sale: also wagons, buggies,
carts, harness. Grand Arcade Horse Market.
827 Sixth st.; auction sales every \N ednesday.
SULLIVAN & DOYLE. Auctioneers.
FEED Manhattan food*, keeps horses, cows,
poultry and dogs healthy. 1253 Folsom st.. S.F.
FIKST-CLASS young cow for sale, fresh. C«8
Pennsylvania ave.. near Twenty-second.
HOUSES TO LET.
A— PRINTED LIST Houses to let: send for cir-
cular. G. H. UMBSEN — CO.. 14 Montgomery.
CASTRO. 74S— Nearly new house. 3 rooms and
bath; good location and view. Apply_pre— lses^
HOUSES TO LET — FURXISHED.
COMPLETELY furnished house of /12 sunny
rooms: 2 baths; large grounds: marine view;
$S5. Southeast cor. Green and Leavenworth.
HOUSES WANTED.
UNFURNISHED house wanted; 8 to 10 rooms;
sunny side; corner preferred: north of Market
St. Address box 2742, Call office.
WANTED— To lease, modern house. We'teni
Addition: 10 or*12 roomy. Bot 3672. Call office.
HYPNOTISM.
H^NOTISM~succ*ssfuiiy"taught In 8 one-hour
lessons by PROF. DILLON. 324 OTarrell st.
LOST AXD FOOD.
LOST— A suitable reward will be paid for the
return of a light brown male cat. with very
dark head, lees and toll, to MISS FREEMAN
at The Beresford. corner Bush and Stock-
ton sts. « .
LOST— Diamond fleur-de-lis scarfpln. Finder
kindly return to MR. WOOD, diamond depart-
ment. Shreve - Co.; reward.
LOST-Bearskin bull, between Baden and city.
October 7. 1900. Return to Washlngton-st.
stable, bet. East and Drumm sts.: reward IS.
LOST— On Eddy, near Powell, opal stickpin,
form of fly. Return tb'Call office and receive
reward. ¦•' .
LOST— S— tnrday afternoon; pearl bead neck-
lace. Iteward for return to 614 Capp st.
LOST — Gotd watch on Ellls-st. yne. Reward at
10;0 Shotwell st.
FOUND— Watch In Western Addition; owner
can have same by proving ownership and pay-
ln< advertising. Box 27C4. Call office.
MEDICAL.
DR. and MRS. DA VIES. 1228 Market-Ladles'
Epeclalists: 32 years' practice; have treated
thousands of cases successfully; positive cure
guaranteed at office: ladies treated can return
home same day; HINDO HERB home cure,
any one can use It; perfectly harmless; home
for confinement. Send stamps for circular.
DR. G. W. O'DONNELL. the world-renowned
ladies' specialist: safe and reliable^Jias prac-
ticed In San Francisco for years; treated thou-
sands of cases successfully; treatment can be
used at home; consultation free. After all
others fail call on htm. Moved 1013 Market.
DRS. GOODWIN, well-known ladles' specialists,
have returned from Europe; safe and reliable;
cure $3; have treated thousands of cases with
' success; 15 years' practice In S. F. ; maternity
home; low fees. 1007% Market St.. near Sixth*.
MRS. DR. KOHL, 907 MARKET ST.. corner
Sixth— Safe and reliable ladies' specialist:
treatment, $5; private home before and dur-
ing confinement: hours. D to »; Sunday. 10 to
2. Rrmoved to 997 Market St., cor. Sixth. .
IMPORTANT notice for ladle*— Help- for the
poor; cure reduced from $5 to $2 SO: every
woman her own physician: can be went and
used home. DR. POPPER. 323 Kearny st.
MRS. DR. WYETH. reliable specialist; 23 yrs.'
practice; home in. confinement: treatment at
office, $5: anyailment:con5ultattonfree; guar-
anteed. 942 Post st.. bet. Hyde and Larkln.
NG TOY KEE. Chinese doctor: cures consump-
tion, cancer, catarrh, etc. : all diseases treat-
ed; send for'testimonlals; advice free. Sani-
tarium. 704 Sacramento st., corner Kearny.
MRS. DR. ALLEN,' 1035 Market— Ladles' spe-
cialist; home In confinement; safe and re-
liable; consultation free; hours 10 to 8.
DR. WISE, the ladles' specialist. 1118 Market ft.
51ISCELLA.\EOL'S — FOR SALE.
BOILERS, engines. 2d-hand machinery. Mc-
INTOSH A WOLPMAN. 195-197 Fremont st.
BARS, back bars, mirrors, showcases, counters,
linoleum, new and -second hand; we always
have a large stock of saloon outfits on hand;
32 complete outfits on our floor, ready made;
we can shin everything In 24 hours. J.
NOONAN, 1017, 1Q19. ,1021. 1023 Mission St.,
above Sixth; write for ¦ catalogue. ".
A BEAUTIFUL solid 14-karat gold watch with
a very fine American mo\ement; the case In-
laid with Cat. gotd quartz; was made to order
for $130; to be sold for $60. UNCLE HARRIS.-
15 Grant ave.
NEW BROOMS— The Golden West Broom Fac-
tory at £2S and 630 Clay St.. near Kearny, has
Just started; storekeepers can be supplied
with all kinds of brooms at the cheapest
rates: orders by mail attended to.
A NEARLY new Yost typewriter, latest style,
$15; full worth J60; write quickly for sample
of work. L. & M. ALEXANDER. 110 Mont-
gomery st. —
BUY a brand new typewriter for $5 down and $5
per month: write for catalogue and price.
TYPEWRITER. EXCHANGE. 409 California
ft.; rentals, new machines. $3 per month.
A— BUYS, sells or rents gear "machinery, en-
gines, boilers, water pipe, shafting, pulleys,
etc. WHITELAW. 216 Spear St.
A— 13 50 DERBY and Fedora hats. $1 7$. Pop-
ular Price Hatters. 330 Kearny St., near Pine.
A— 100 HORSEPOWER engine, boiler. 2-drtlI
air compressors. JARDINE'S. 210 Fremont St.
12-pound steel T rails with fish plates and bolts.
Box 3SS8. Call office.
FINE suit. $10; dress pants. $2 75. MISFIT
CLOTHING PARLQP.P. 437 Montgomery st.
15 H. P. engine and boiler; good as new;
cheap. 316 Railroad ave.. South S. F.
FIRST-CLASS second-hand modern engines and
boilers bought and sold. KROGH Mfg. Co.
200-LIGHT dynamo, engine and boiler, com-
plete; cheap. H. S. WHITE. 516 Mission et.
WILL rent full dress Tuxedo or Prince Albert
suits for $2 50: Portland" Loan Office. 25 Stktn.
SAFES— New and second hand. THE HER-
MANN SAFE CO.. 417-423 Sacramento st.
PORTABLE engines, boilers; Iron and wood
planers, lathes; 2d hand. J. Burke. 133 Beale.
MAGIC lanterns, new and 2d hand; moving
Picture?. BULLARD & BRECK.' 131 Post St.
10-TON Fairbanks scale and fire and burglar
proof safe. 216 California et.
2D-HAND photographic and magic lantern cut-
flu bought, sold, exchanged. 109 Montgomery.
SAFES— New and second-hand; all sizes. THE
WALTZ SAFE. 1(W-111 Market »t.. San Fran.
MISCELLANEOUS WANTS.
A— CLOTHING, sealskins. Jewelry, etc., bought*
will call. L. Bros.. 23 Stktn; phone Black 1201.
SECOND-HAND Incubator wanted; state price
make and capacity. Box 3S53. Call office.
WANTED— Upright Dlano for cash. .H. L.
WHITEHEAD. 1710 Market st.
LADIES' and gents' cast-oft clothing bought &
¦sold. Sllverman. 9SI Folsom; tel. Folsom 1191.
KLEIN still pays beat price for clothing, bric-
'a-brac and books. 109-Slxth >t.: f 1. Jessie 141.
MlO.MiY TO LOAX.
ANY- amount on furniture, pianos, without Te^
moval, or any other good security; payable
back in Installment* or as a whole; If you
owe a balance on the purchase price we will
pay it and carry the loan as long as you de-
sire; avoid red tape and publicity; see us
first; you 'will.be waited upon quietly and
quickly. Call 6S-69 Donohoe bldg.,- 1170 Market.
AA— BEST rates and easiest terms.
'. Second Mortgages
Interests In. Estates
Undivided Interests In Real Estate
Financial problems of • all' sorts and sizes
solved by HERMAN MURPHY. 630 Market st.
ANY amount at S per cent: 1st, 2d and 3d mort-
gages, undivided Interest, real estate In pro-
bate; mortgages and legacies bought; no de-
lay; Bet my terms before doing business else-
where. R. McCOLGAN, 24 Montgomery, r. X
ANY proposition, any amount; 6 per cent; first,
second 'mortgages, estates in probate. Interest
In estates, legacies, corporation loans, chattel
mortgages, life Insurance. Room 16, first floor.
Chronicle building. HALLORAN & OLSEN..
HIGHLY respectable, private place to obtain
liberal advances on diamonds, jewelry at low-
est rates. Baldwin Jewelry Store. 846 Market
¦ St.; tel. Main 1644. Branch 19 Third st.
A— $500,000 ON city and country real estate and
estates; chattel mortgages; notes and col-
laterals. J. BROWNSTONE, 11 Montgomery.
MOST reliable ' place to * borrow on diamonds,
watches, iewelry. W. J. HESTHAL, 10 Sixth;
highest price for old • gold, silver, diamonds.
AT 126 Kearny st. room 9." respecta'ble. private
" place to borrow on watches.' diamonds; lowest
rates; take elevator.' Telephone Davis 995.
ANY amount by private party on fumlture.and
pianos: no removal; low rates; confidential.
BONELLI. 301. Jones St., corner Eddy.
MONEY loaned salaried people without security.
¦ HILL, rm.' 44, Merchants' Ex., 431 California.
MONEY TO LOA.\.
WHT pay rent? We loan money to *>ulW J*" 1 ).:
small monthly payments. HOME BLILD1N«^
COMPANY, tn Sansome st.. room 2. >
PRrVATE party on furniture and pianos: 3 r*' <
tent; no removal; no commls'n. 6 Eddy, r. ?i.
TO salaried people without security: all busi-
ness confidential. Tousley Co.. 321 Parrott big.
MONEY to loan on furniture by private party;
low rate. 917 Market St.. room 1.
ON furniture and pianos: no remoral: confl-
dentlal: on diamonds, etc. 33 Taylor st.
CASH loaned to salaried people on note without
lndors er. MORKKLL. 809 Examiner bonding.
TO salaried people .without collateral or in-
dorser. & F. Discount Agency. 143 Phelan b g.
MUSICAL IXSTnl '^L E^![*U~~~~.
ALL purchasers ~of~p— .nos at Byron Mausy's
have the privilege of exchanging for one of
the celebrated Sohmer Pianos, or one of our
Byron Mauzy Pianos, any time within four
years, full purchase price being allowed. Our
rent plan haa been the best offered to the
public for the past three years. A large size,
beautifully finished, full-toned piano, with
stool and cover, warranted for five years, for
$330 $6 cash and $6 per month. This Is not a
cheap piand. full value betns given for every
dollar spent. BYRON MAVZI Sole Agent
Sohmer & Co.. Byron Mauzy. Gabler. Spell-
man and Hamilton Pianos. 3C8. 310. 312 Post.
1_*5T OF GENUINE SNAPS. WARRANTED.
To close out odd make* we offer:
VBehr Bros } Hardman
1 Standard _. Sterlln.
S Klnzsburys • •• * VTurtaz
I FlsXr?.?? 1 Hallett A Davis
1 Stelnway • Snaw
at sacrifice prices; all In perfect condition.
Prices from SMS up— easy payments.
BENJ. CURTAZ - SON. IS 0'Farrell St..
Chlckering Agency; sheet —male.
WE sell the Decker - Son for th» best, be-
cause It Is the best. See and b« convinced
at MAUVAIS', 769 Market st.
PACKARD pianos beat th« world for th«
money: Large stock at MATT VAI3\ 769 Mar-
• ket at. '
YOU cannot afford to buy until our larre stork ,
of ne~ and t second-hand pianos has be«2
examined. MAUVAIS'. 788 Market st.
ALL. purchasers of pianos at SHERMAN.
* CLAY * CO.'S have the privilege of ex-
changing for a STEINWAT any time within
three years and full purchase price allowed:
the best makers of every trade to select from:
beautiful new uprights W cash. $6 per month;
some good planes for $3. W and $3 per month.
SHERMAN, CLAY _ CO., STEINWAY
DEALERS, corner Kearny and Sutter sts..
gan Francesco; corner Broad— ay and Thlr-
teenth sts.. Oakland.
ABSOLUTELY the oldest and largest house
west of Chicago la KOHLER A CHASE'S. 28.
28 and 30 O"Farr-!H St.; pianos, organs and
all other musical Instruments of all rrade«
and prices: terms easy; prices lowest: every-
thing possible done to please and satisfy the
customer.
VIOLIN strings; never wet; best In the world:
making and repairing of all kinds of musical
Instruments. Carl C. Anderson, 117 Geary st.
HIGH-GRADE piano, nearly new. USE. HEINK
Piano Co., 217 Geary st.
BE In the swim: rent a new piano for $3 per
month. SCOTT-CURTAZ CO.. 560 Hayes st.
ELEGANT cabinet grand upright piano; sacri-
fice; leaving city. C4 Golden Gate ave.
AT Dewlng's. 809 Market— Three slightly used
uprights. .Stein way. Dewing. Chase Bros.
SUPERIOR violins, zithers, old and new. H.
MULLER. maker, repairer, 2 Latham place.
ELEGANT Sohmer upright, good as new. And
.other great bargains. BRUENN. 208 Post >t.
FINE 3-pedal upright piano; sacrificed on ac-
count of sickness. 007 McAllister st. *
A cleaning out of pianos ft>r storags; dirt chrxr.l
Installments. Wilson's storage, 1710 Market, '
AT KEEFFE'S. 933 Market St.. 4 elegant up-
rights at your own price. Shonlnger agency.
A BARGAIN; must be sold; nice upright piano.
SCHMIT2. IS McAllister St.. next Hlb. I'.ank.
HIGH-GRADE pianos: Steck. Hardman, Con-
over & others. W. B. ALLEN & CO.. 314 Post.
CHEAPEST and best In America— The Weekly
Call. IS pages, sent to any address in the
United States or Canada one year for $1.
OIL.
BACHELOR ~.J.".~.Y. .Y.^.Y.. .V.4S cTs
"Monarch of Arizona *i cts
Gray Gander 33 ct*
Lone Star Sets
Three States 7 cts
Stocks, bonds and securities bought and sold
by PORTER * CHENEY, 530 California st..
San Francisco. Cal.
OIL LANDS FOR SALE.
64* ACRES— McKlttrick district. Kern County.
2 miles from Asphalt a station. R.. 564 Four-
teenth st.. Oakland. .
OFFICKS AND STOKES TO LET.
EMMA SPRECKELS building. 927 Market "st! —
Light sunny offices. 115 to $20 per month, wltij
light, heat. Janitor and use of phone.
LARGE elegant store and basement: 393 Va-
lencla St.. wt" ?lst; business center.
, PALMISTRY. -
MME. NEERGAARD. 700 Post; teL Hyde r>23;
hours 1 to 5 eve., and Sunday by appointment.
H. JEROME FOSSELLI. scientific palmist. 133
Taylor st,. .bet. Geary and Post; tel. Black 3d
PARTNERS WASTED.
PARTNER wanted to dyeing and cleaning es-
tabllshment. 1421^Polnt Lobos ave. ¦
PERSONALS.
PARTIES having feathers at MRS. CHEVA-
LIER'S. 4 Taylor place, are requested to call
for them before 30 days.
MATTRESSES AND PILLOWS— Tel. South 792.
made to order; renovated; honest work guar-
anteed; feathers and hair cleansed; uphol-
stered furniture cleaning a specialty; fine up-
holstery. HOPKE BROS./ 818 and 330 11th st.
LATEST Improved extension shoe _ sandal for
the lame with one limb shorter than the other:
makes feet look alike; send for circular. WM.
MCMILLAN. Gen. Agent. Placervllle. Cal.
LEDERER'S Qulntonica hair tonic Is sold at
Lyons Drug Co.'s. Market and Stockton sts.:
33c bot.; also at 123 Stockton at.
ELECTRIC lights In every room— Winchester
Hotel, 44 Third St., near Market: 700 rooms;
:5c to $1 50 per night; $1 50 to $6 per weelc:
free 'bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
MME. ADA, wonderful gifted healer. 1104 Mar-
ket. r. 3. 4. cures spinal trouble, rheumatism,
blindness, paralysis and all nervous diseases.
PAINFUL nervous diseases, rheumatism, par-
alysis, liver and kidneys cured without drugs
by -DR. J. HERBERT REEVE. 26H Kearny.
SUITS to order on Installments; $15 upwarJ:
$1 a week. LEON LEMOS. 111? Market it..
\ between Seventh and Eighth.
BUY your coal of LANGE & GOFT. successors
to W". H. Wiseman. 1711 Sacto.; tel. Sutter 277S.
LEDERER is the popular hairdresser: styles J
correct. 25c; switches $1 up: ornaments cheap.
ELECTROLYSIS destroys superfluous hair.
moles; trial free. MIS3 EATON. 1119 Sutter.
PRIVATE detective work: reasonable rates; 19
years' experience. J. B. RAY. 357 Jessie st.
LEDERER'S Foamo Shampoo 5c pkg.: best and
cheapest yet: best Is always cheapest.
SUITS to order from $15 up on easy payments.
The Richelieu. 700 Market st.. near Geary. J
SUITS to order on easy payments. Art Tailor-
Ing Co.. 1S44 Mkt.. under St. Nicholas Hotel.
OLD gold stiver, diamonds and precious stones
bought. J. R. JENKEL. 817 Market st. .
HAIR quickly curled or waved by using Tal-
cott's curling fluid; 25c a bottle: druggists.
ALFREDUMS Egyptian Henna; restores gray
hair to Its natural color; $1; at all druggists
CAS T-OFF clothing, old gold and silver bought;
send postal. COLEMAN'S. 5M Kearny st.
PHYSICIANS AXD gpnCEOXS.
_R~~c7*C. O"DONNELL— Office and residence.
Item Market St.. between Sixth and Sevonth.
R^AJt^ ESTATE-^ITY~-OR SALE.
A ~~_Tlu?ECK & CO. fM'
....FOR.:.. . i ..
4....GOOD INVEST__1NTS:4..4
4....4....4.;..4....4.;..4-
$7S0O— ? brand new flats. Tery latest; east of.
Van Ness; leased for $70 a month.
....4.. ..GOOD:...*...,
$15,0«v-SpIendld Investment: Ellis it. near
Van Ness; all rented for $145.
4. ...GOOD. ...4....
$21,000— Offer wanted: business property- 4
stores and 8 flats: all rented for $3>3; few Mocks
from Sixth and Market sts.
....4.. ..GOOD.. ..4....
$35.Cflo— Choicest Investment — er offered In
our office In this amount; 100-foot front; elegant
brick and frame Improvements; all rented at
low rent for $5000. • •
...4. ...GOOD.... 4....
Apply A. M. SPECK & CO.. OT7 Market st.
IF you have well located property In the Mis-
sion, either vacant lots or nice residence, and
you really want to sell then call on the under-
slgned. W. J. GUNN. 630 California st.
HAVE you property In the Potrero or Excelsior
Homestead Tract that you want to sill? Then
call on AN. J.GUNN. 530 California st. ¦*
MODERN houses built: lowest prices; plans an<J-
estlmates furnished. Campbell. 1147 Mission;
C S*i AP 5 ST and best ln America— The Weekly
?r ,V i o . pa 5"' Mnt to an * address in the
united States or Canada one year for $JL.... • _.¦¦¦,. ¦» . r ¦-,.-..¦ ..•
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL., WEDNESDAY, OCTOBER 24,, 1900.
¦ LONDON, 2 ; L OctJt 23.— When '; the medical
students who^ were arrested yesterday for
mobbing v John ' "Alexander * Dowle, :i the
scientist,'^ of Chicago Lwere^arralgned be
fore • \ ' Nicholas • : - Fenwick,' ; -.'.the ¦• police'
magistrate, i yesterday ' he • gave ¦ them ¦ a
gooditongue-lashlng. The magistrate said
he : was shocked -at; the, fact. that; educated
men ? had I acted ! so "t disgracefully, 1 and 1 as
sured i them I that I their . rowdyism | and • vio
lence .would no-t be tolerated. -^Flnes of : £5
were:- then .Imposed*' on' the s students" A
huge mob awaited • Mr. ; Dowle at ¦ St.-Mar
tin's " towny hall < this : ; afternoon; and J.fht
"faith * healer," *- who * had j to 3 be guarded
by ;m police;^ was brushed: i into the'*: hall
through : a double * cordon " c of. 1 police."- : The
crowd howled and charged,' but the police
stopped what were really ugly, rushes for
the'doors; >•.-.-•• ;¦,
Bowie's Assailants Fined.
f VICKSBURG,'- Miss., Oct. 23.— A special
to i the : Herald ¦ from '] Ray vllle, La., says:
George" McGaskill^one^fs the 'wealthiest
a^id . most > prominent ; planters ! of this • par
ish: was shot and instantly, killed to-night
by Malcolm Mclntosh,"promlnent In social
and business .circles."- The tragedy, is sup
posed to, have grown , out of business dlf
ferences.." vW rt 1 '-^'^ ' -" '" ' '¦•,•',
: : . Prominent in Business and
• • ., : Social Circles^- •
His Slayer, ¦ Malcolm Mcljatosh, Is
. ITHACA, N. Y.,'-".. Oct. 23.— President
Schurman of : Cortiell = University ' to-day
announced ¦ that the New , York , State Col
lege of Forestry had ' been asked- to- fur
nish' competent ' assistants to : the : forestry
bureau at Manila,* P. I. • ..;• - - .-•>
Captain Ahern, in charge of that bureau,
purposes to I reorganize the .bureau, which
under Spanish rule employed over 130 offi
cials to * supervise- the-: exploration - of
twenty or: more * million 'acres of public
forest domain, furnishing now. a revenue
of $100,000 annually. He expects to increase
this revenue greatly under competent for
esters, '-.i He also •, purposes to send gradu
ates from native colleges to take a spe
cial course In forestry at Cornell Uni
versity. _
MISSISSIPPI PLANTER , .
SHOT 'AND KILLED
ally to Employ Many Natives.
the Bureau and Expects TElventu-i
Captain Ahern intends to Reorganize
ASSISTANTS IN FORESTRY,
WANTED TN PTTTT.T-PPINES
HOTEL. y
W C McCauley. Ky ,
S Roska, Sacto
A Mendelsohn, Sacto
H T James & w, Cal I
Mrs J D Knight, Cal
R Farrell. Nevada
H W Willis, Cal
L C- Parker, Lincoln
A ¦ L Murphy &. w, Pa
G M Cooley & w, Cal .
C Francee, Salinas
J CnoiHus, S Rosa
J J Cordes, S Rosa
T Gilbert. Berkeley
B F Leeds. Cal
J- H Mansen, Phila
E B Will & w. As
bury Park
G W Keyes & w, Me
F J Wolff, Sacto
3 W Trumbell & w,
D M Klncald & w. Or
L» J Whitney, - Chero ' :
I Banta Cruz
I J Johnson, Seattle
PALACE HOTEL.
J M Battleton, N T..
Mrs E V Duggan Can
Miss Duggan, Canada
H L Smith, Vallejo
A P Brayton Jr. Oakld
J J Grafton & w, Chic
J J Byrne, Los Ang
L Vosrelstein, N Y *
R P Lamont & w. 111
A Dolgoroukoft, Russia
E W Runyon, Cal
H Parsons/ N Y
J W Coady, NY
H B Fischer. N Y
F W Garrettson. Cal
L H Maxwell, England
T P Watson, Sacto - .-
O D Pierce. Ohio
D S Rosenbaum, Stktn
A H Atherton, Boston
D D Brooks & w, Cal
Miss Brooks, Cal
TA Hihn, Sta Cruz
R E Jack, S L Oblspo
D E KeoBh & w, Salt
Lake
G II Cooper, Boston
C A Clapp, Boston
G B Katzensteln, Sacto
C H Jacobs, Detroit
Isabella II Jacobs,
Detroit
Mrs G B Herbert, .NY
WESTERN HOTEL.
8 JLamar.St Louis
F Morris & f am, Cal
J W Bowman, Vallejo
J Veller, Monterey -
J Dennis. Mill Valley
J Hyslop, Stockton
H L Gibson, Merced
F B Mulwew, Chicago
J Fltzpatrick,'Ohlo
J S McKeen, Cal
W T Hogff. Oregon
E Kerr, ' Jacksonville
J M Smith & w, Johns
town
T E Toneycllfle, New
Zealand
W Zarrett, S Cruz
8 B Black. Boston
J E Jennings & w, St
Ix>ula -
B Thompson, I Chicago
8 N Smith, Montana
HOTEL ARRIVALS.
GRAND
J B Reed, Portland
C E Walden, Fresno
B F Myers, Cal
CP.Hyland, Cal
C F Staver, Canyon
G S McEvoy. Cal
B L Werthelmer, Sact
MIsb M F Durphy, Cal
F J Tetreau, Chlco
A W Keck, Kan City
ti Coleman, I>aulton
J C Conkllnff, S Jo»e
T K Mulr, Portland '
C H Poole & w, Bostn
\V R Johnson & w, Cal
G 6 Davis, Connecticut
Mrs T Boyer, .Woodlnd
Miss'R Boyer, Cal
Mrs C J Oyler, Sacto
J A Smith. S Diego
F A K&uffman, Cal
•VALLEJO. • Oct.> 23.— Lieutenants Dela
ney r and \Blakely,:- have been transferred
from \ the Banger ... to Uhe } Iowa; \ Dr. • Odell
has been "ordered "to • the' Solace for pass
age 3 to ' the > Eastern' station;:- Lieutenant
R. j M.- Cutts, U . S. M. >: C\ , haa \ returned
from i Sltkar Alaska. Iwhere s he "went In
charge of a draft of sixty-five men. , Car •
penter ; W; P. - Harding . Is i detached -¦ from
the • Vermont ; and : ordered .to -. the i Solace
.with ; a draft of men and Is to : report . for
duty; at t Mare ;¦ Island 1 yard ' on : the deliv
ery^ of ; the, draft.
Nav&l^ Officers Transferred.
CHICO, 3 Oct. . 23.-— Burglars <i entered ' the
hardware store of L. L. Hubbel last night
and ' stole s two * shotguns, two", rifles, tea
revolvers/ a dozen razors," several watches
and<$5;in coin. ¦ v. .
VALLEJO, Oct. 23.— A burglar entered
the '• ¦'; residence • ' of : ¦' John ' ¦ Cunningham, a
brickmason,' at the corner, pi -larln and
Ohio, streets, . this i morning : at an early
hour. - From Indications the man was not
'an expert. -At 2 o'clock Mrs. Cunningham
was awakened by a noise and aroused her
husband,- who got up to Investigate, iGo
ing into the kitchen he found tne burglar.
Mr;: Cunningham called for his son, Bert,
and seized the intruder,* who immediately
placed the: muzzle of < a revolver against
his \hea'd and . told him to let go. : Mr. Cun
ningham complied . and the burglar: es
caped.^ He Is ; described by Mr. | Cunning
ham i as > being > about j 5 % feet .7 inches tall/
of heavy build and wearing, a light mus
tache." • ;>>-- •<-;¦¦ t^-:---:--- '%-:* - : .y ¦¦.-¦*.,• : z
When i a ? Revolver : Is Pressed
Against His Head:
Vallejo Resident Releases His Hold
Ducker and Lopus are out on $1000 bonds
and will have their examination on Octo
ber 31. '
GRAPPLES WITH BTXRGrLAB.
FOUND IN: HIS KITCHEN
PETALUMA, Oct. 23.— Andrew Ducker,
a wealthy Petaluma rancher, and his son
in-law, John Lopus of Penngrove, were
arrested . upon the complaint of I Edward
D.\ Gregg, who alleges- that Ducker and
Lopus threatened to kill him. The ar
rest was the result of a quarrel which
began several days ago, when Gregg
struck 1 Ducker after the two had had a
heated argument. Bystanders interfered
and prevented serious trouble.
On Sunday Gregg . and Frank Green
"were bicycle riding on the Lakeville road,
with , a couple df young ladles, when,'
Gregg claims, Ducker ana Lopus drove up
|and renewed -the quarrel. * Gregg claims
fthat Lopus and Ducker produced a knife
'and a revolver and threatened to kill him.
Gregg ran ¦ across a field ¦¦ out of ? danger.
On the* other. hand Ducker declares that
Gregg drew ' a : revolver, but , when dared
to shoot <he put up the weapon and. fan
away.' ' 1 wl<Wtlli'>i ly 111 !^'' TfHrfftHniilwuim
All are well known in and around Peta
luma and ¦ are related to one another.
Recently Lopus married Ducker*s daugh
ter. •¦ At the time, there was talk of serious
trouble between Ducker and Lopus, as the
elder, roan was opposed to the match, but
the two seem to be good friends now. :
Law Placed Under
Arrest.
Petaluma Rancher and His Son-in-
It Is said for Mr. Newman that his"
check for $500, which has been dishonored,
undoubtedly would be taken care of, as
he had more than one such experience
during his brief visit in Los Angeles, and
always came to the scratch before it was
too late.
ACCUSED OF HAVING
THREATENED MURDER
Before leaving Los Angeles Mr. New
man gave as reference * concerning his
financial standing certain New York rank
ers and Standard Oil magnates. He also
declared that he was yet a member of
the New York Stock Exchange. Such of
these assertions as have i been . Investi
gated have been found to be untrue.
LOS ANGELES, Oct. 23.— W. G. New
man of North Carolina and New York,
plunger and man of the world, is wanted
by the" Southern Pacific Company and
others, and will be- stopped from, sailing
from San Francisco for Panama as he
had intended, unless he makes good a
check drawn on New York for- $500, which
has gone to protest.
Mr. Newman burst' upon Los Angeles
like a meteor two weeks ago. Stories of
his vast wealth had preceded him. He
was at once voted "a "good thing" up and
down Spring street, and when not buying
wine for those he considered his friends,
he stood ready to act as the angel for
any theatrical enterprise which might
have the ill fortune to need his services.
He offered to loan William Walker of
"That Man". a cool 52000.
But Mr. Newman, who was supposed to
have had some trouble on the New York
Stock Exchange, tired of Los Angeles and
purchased passage for himself and the
ladles of his party to Panama, giving
therefor New York exchange for $500.
This draft has now been returned through
the local bank, marked "no funds."
Angeles Wanted" by the South
ern Pacific.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
CHECK OF PliXINGrER
V NEWMAN PROTESTED
Man Who Posed as a Croesus at Los
OOUU TVEBFEIT MONEY BEING
CXBCTTLATED IN OREGON
Three Men Arrested on Suspicion, but
No Incriminating- Evidence
Found.
THE DALLES, Or., Oct. 23.— Deputy
Sheriff "Wood arrived from Antelope to
day with the information that counterfeit
gold and silver coins of all denominations
to the amount of several thousand dollars
have been put in circulation at Antelope,
Shanlko, Tigh Valley and Waplnitla. and
that one Antelope saloonkeeper bad taken
in $300 worth before he discovered the
fraud. • .- ¦.
Three men were arrested, suspected of
the crime, on one of whom was found
J1000 m genuine money. No Incriminating
evidence, however, has been discovered to
connect the men with the crime.
It Is feared by the police that this de
cision will put an end to all arrests in
the District of Columbia on telegraph
advices from other jurisdictions, and that
known criminals can come to this city
with the knowledge that they will be free
from arrest at least until formal legal pa
pers arrive from the jurisdiction in
which the crime has been committed.
Superintendent Sylvester said to-day that
as long as the police court, which has
held criminals arrested at the Instance of
the outside jurisdiction, stands by the
police they will continue-.to make arrests.
CALL BUREAU. WELLINGTON HO
TEL, * WASHINGTON, Oct. £ 23.— Wash
ington wiir, become a refuge, for criminals
and crooks: of all kinds. Justice Bradley
,of the Supreme Court of the- District of
Columbia -has -announced a; decision in
habeas, corpus proceedings which, accord
ing to Superintendent of Police Sylvester,
•will make it possible for. criminals from
outside the District of Columbia' to walk
the streets of ..Washington without danger
of arrest.". .' ..':.'
In this case two men, George H. Wilson
and CM. Bush, who had been arrested
on a 4elegram from the Chief of Police of
Chicago, were taken into court on a writ
of .habeas -corpus. They were - charged
with extensive swindling In the sale of
bogus mining stocks. Superintendent
Sylvester submitted an affidavit declaring
that a' requisition for the men was doubt
less, en route', to Washington, and the
Assistant - District - Attorney urged; that
they should be held pending the arrival
of the requisition. '
Justice < Bradley decided that a tele
gram from Chicago was not sufficient au
thority for arrest, and that the plain let
ter of the law left him no course but to
release tire- men. In announcing his de
cision Justice Bradley said that a man
could not be arrested without a proper
warrant or detained s In a police station
until some charge was made against him.
He said that no one, /whoever he might
be, had authority to make an arrest for
an outside jurisdiction unless,- on a war
rant'from the Chief Justice Of the Su
preme Court of the jurisdiction in which
the arrest was made. He held that the
men arrested on a telegram from some
source in the city of Chicago had been de
tained without authority of law, and or
dered their release. .4
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Declares Police Have No Authority
"to Make Arrests on Instruc
tions Received by
: "Wire.
Important Decision by Jus
tice Bradley of the
Supreme Court. '
CRIMINALS ARE
SAFE TEMPORARILY
AT WASHINGTON
ST.- LOUIS, Oct. 23.-A11 railroad lines
west and southwest of the Mississippi
River, comprising about 130,000 miles of
trackage, took action here to-day on the
pass agreement for the coming year. Gen
eral Manager Howard Elliott of the Bur
lington was in the chair and all lines were
represented. The old agreement was re
affirmed and an additional clause adopted
providing a penalty for violation of the
agreement Each line Is .to put up a
deposit and upon conviction* for violation
of the agreement by the local committees
a fine of $100 will be imposed and at once
collected.
A resolution was introduced to abolish
free transportation entirely for the* com
ing year, but on being put to a vote it
was lost, as was a similar resolution at
the meeting held here last year. It was
felt that the conditions, were not rip« for
such a radical measure, but > a committee
was appointed to confer with the execu
tive officers of lines in all other sections
of the country looking to the adoption of
such action in the future.
Local Committees were appointed at St.
Louis. Chicago, St. Paul, Kansas City and
Omaha, with , discretionary power as to
the Issuance of passes.
Resolution to Abolish Free Transpor
tation for the Coming Year
Is Put to a Vote and
Defeated.'
Old Agreement Is Reaffirmed
With Addition of a
Penalty.
RAILWAY MEN
AGREE ON THE
PASS QUESTION
13
ADVEETISEMENTS.
Linoleum
Mats 50?
Here's a clean little mat 22x36
inches- — made of pretty patterned
linoleum. It's the most econom-
ical covering for bare spots or to
go before the fireplace.
Curtains.
Some exclusive and original designs
in lace curtains. NottinRhain, Irish
points, Brussels, Swiss novelties. Ara-
bians, Marie Antoinette and Door
Panels. •
See windows for curtains and mats.
Schluetec
215-217 Sutter St., above Kearny.
OCEAN TBAVEL.
Pacific Coast Steamship Co.
\ Steamers leave Broadway
(jfc. wharf, San Francisco:
TOgaw [ _ For Alaskan Ports— 11 a. m..
m|»3|k Oct. 23, 28, Nov. 2 Change to
Ew9?U«»v company's steamers at Seattle.
|Ok |Ki\$£3k For Victoria. Vancouver (B.
rJEJg*v"_Jiai *-"*• Por * Townsend. Seattle.
Htty^jlj Tacoma, Everett, Anacortes
1 f^^^StSM and ew Whatcom (Wash.*—
11 a. m.. Oct. 23. 2S. Nov. 2.
and every fifth day thereafter.
Change at Seattle to this company!! steamers
for Alaska and G. N. Ry. ; at Seattle or Ta-
coma to N. P. Ry.: at Vancouver to C. P. Ry.
For Eureka, Humboldt Bay— 2 p. m., Oct. 20,
25, 30, Nov. 4, and every fifth day thereafter.
For San Diego, stopping only at Port Harford
(San Luis Oblspo). Santa Barbara, Port Los
Angeles and Redondo (Los Angeles) — 11 a. m..
Oct. 20, 24, 28. Nov. 1. and every fourth day
thereafter.
For Santa Crux, Monterey, San Simeon. Cayu-
cos. Port Harford (San Luis Oblspo). Gavlota.
Santa Barbara. Ventura. Hueneme. San Pedro.
East San Pedro (Los Angeles) and Newport—*
a. m., Oct. 22. 28, 30, Noy. 3. and every fourth
i day thereafter.
• For Ensenada, Magdalena Bay, San Jcse del
Cabo. Mazatlan. Altata. La Paz. Santa Rosalia
and Guaymas (Mexico) — 10 a. m., 7th of each
month. *. .
For further Information obtain company's
folders.', . ; ,
The company reserves the right to change
rteamers. sailing dates and hours of sailing
without previous notice.
.TICKET OFFICE— 4 New Montgomery
street (Palace Hotel).
GOODALL, PERKINS & CO.. Gen. Agents.
10 Market St.. San Francisco.
THE 0. R. & N. CO. ¦
DISPATCH FAST STEAMERS TO
From Spear-street Wharf at 10 A. M.
CAQC $12 First crass. Including Berth
f AH L $8 Second Class. and iMeala.
COLUMBIA sails.. '...... Oct. 25, Not. 4
STATE OF CALIFORNIA satis Oct. 20. 30
Short Line to Walla Walla, Spokane. Butte,
Helena and • all points in the Northwest.
Through tickets to all points East. •
E. C. WARD, General Agent,
630 Market street.
GOODALL, PERKINS & CO.. v
Superintendents.
TOYO RISEN KAISHA.
STEAMERS WILL LEAVE WHARF. COR-
ner First and Brannan streets, at 1 p. m..
for YOKOHAMA and HONGKONG, calling at
Kobe (Hlogro), Nagasaki and Shanghai, and
connecting at Hongkong with steamers for In-
dia, etc. No cargo received on board oa day
of sailing.
SS HONGKONG MARU...
..Tuesday, November II. 1900
SS. NIPPON MARU :. I
-..„ ; Thursday, December 8, 1900
SS. AMERICA' MARU
.............Saturday. December 29, 1900
Via Honolulu.
Round-trip tlcketB at reduced rates. For
freight and passage apply at company's office.
421 Market street, corner of First. :'
' * W - H ' AVERT - General Agent.
AMERICAN LINE."
HEW YORK. SOUTHAMPTON, L0ND0U, BASIS.
Stopping at .Cherbourg, westbound.
From New Yor.k Every Wednesday," 10 a. m.
St. Louis Oct. 24|St. Louis.. Nor. M
New York :..Oct. 31 New York Noy. 11
St. Paul.......--Nov: 7ISt. Paul Nov. 23
RED STAR LINBi
N«w York and Antwerp.
From New -York Every Wednesday. 12 noon.
.Kensington .....Oct. 24|Southwark .—.Nor. 14
Noordtand '. Oct. SI I Westernland ...Nov. XI
Friesland' Nov. 71 Kensington .....Njt. 23
For freight and passage apply to
INTERNATIONAL. NAVIGATION CO..
SO Montgomery st. . Or any of its agents.
OCEAlflO S:S. CO.— HO5r6x.lJi.tI, APIA
AUCKLAND , AND SYDNEY.
89 ALAMEDA for Honolulu, Samoa. New
Zealand and Australia..
V .....T.—.. Wednesday. October U, 9 p. m.
SS: AUSTRALIA for Tahiti.
-. Thursday. November 1, 4 p. m.
SS ZEALANDI A ' < Honolulu only) ;; , .
- - ;.....*. ..•.:'. .Wednesday, November I», t ». m.
j. D. SPRECKELS & BROS. CO., Agts., 643 Market St
Pier 7. Foot Pacific St freight Office. 327.MarfcetSt
SOMPAdVlK eZHIBALS TRANSATLAUTIQCE.
DIRECT MNE TO HAVRE-PARIS. , '-V^
Sailing every Thursday. Instead of^JJT^
Saturday, from November 2. 1839, at «**»«*
10 " a. m.. i from - Pier 42, North River. ' foot of
Morton street. LA BRETAGNE. Oct. 25: LA
TOURAINE. Nov. . 1; L" AQUITAINE. Nov. 8.
First class to Havre, i $55 and upward. Second
class to Havre. 142 50 and upward. GENERAL
AGENCY FOR UNITED STATES and CAN-
ADA. 82 Broadway (Hudson building). New
Yoik. *_ J. F. FUOAZI & CO.. Pacific Coast
Agents. 5 Montgomery avenue. San Francisco.
BAY AND X EIVEB 'STEAMERS."
Steamer " MontlceHo/V-
MON.,iTues.. Wed.. Thnrs. and Sat at s:45
a. m., S:15. 8:30 p. m. (ex. Thurs. night); Fri-
days. 1 p. m. and 8:30; Sundays, 10:30 a. m., 8
p. m.' Landing and office. Mission-street Dock.
Pier No. 2. Telephone Main 1508.
FATRE r.::.....-.-.;.:;;.;..'.;...;...;.....ae
"V •R.ATT/ROA-n nrR.Ayrrr.~~ "
MOUNT TAMALPAIS' RAILWAY
Leaves San Francisco, via Sausallto Ferry:
WEEK DAYS.V..9:15'a. m.; 1:45 and 4:00 p. m.
SUNDAYS.... ....8:00, 10:00. 11:30 and 1:15 d. m.
Fare. San Francisco to Summit and Return.
$1 40.'. ¦¦-¦' '• *•— --" .:»¦-¦-"<* .„<:£¦ - , . "-.. .¦ -
NEW. TAVERN OF TAMALPAIS NOW OPEN.
Ticket orfices. 621 Market ; st,;SanaaUto Ferry.
¦MMtlTtt»gTlMT»MaT»Bla>a«ira»f»nMlaMM»>»«lslMMI isJilliHaaTiiSiMMi.iii J.iii msSM. ¦ mi
.BIRTHS-MAERIASES-^-DEATHS. {
.Birth, marriage and death ' notices sent. b7
mail will not be inserted. They must be handed
in at either of- the publication offices and be
indorsed with the name and 'of per-
sons authorized to have the same published. .
BOBMT.
ANDRESEN-In this, city, October 19.M90O. tl
the wife of P. E.' Andresen, a son.
EOLEN— In- tnls city. October, 22, 1900. to the
wife of Earnest Bolen, a son.
KNORP-rln this city. October 3, 1900, to the
wife of Albert Knorp, a son..
O'BRIEN— In this City,, October 17, 1900, to the
wife of William J. O'Brien, twins— a son and
a daughter. ¦ -
MAHEIED.
HANSEN— JENSEN— In this city. October 22,
1900, by the Rev. O. Groensberg, Peter R.
Hansen and Anne M. Jensen. -
HERRING— NOLAN-October' 18,'. 1900, by the
Rev. C. Barstow.. J. P. Herring of Pine
Grove, Amador County, and' Mrs. A. U. No-
laa of. New York. . \ ' -
NIELSEN— THOMSEN— In 1 this city, October
23. 1900, by 'the K«v. O. Groensberg:, Nieli
Nielsen and Karen Thomsen.
TITSELER— DESMUL— In this .city, October
22, 1900, by the Rev. F. A. Doane, John Harry
Titeeler and Theresa Desmul, both of San
Franclaco. . ' - ¦-
Bainford,' Eunice E. Knudsen.' Charles
Bonnell.. Lucinda - Lynch, Margaret .'
Buchanan, James Massonl, Assunta
Clark. Daniel P. . Mathews. Mrs. L. •
Connolly, John N. - Mennemann, Mary
Dunlavy, Patrick Norton. Claude R.
Ely, Dr. Jonas O'Connell, Patrick
Foulks, Margaret Pape, Herman-
Freeman. Carolina Ryan, George £->-.*,
Gannon. Peter W. Schallich. Louis .
Hlnckley. MUdred Schley, Mary
Huckfeldt. Jasoar Smith, James M. Jr.
Kingebury, Helen S.
BAMFORD— In this city. October -23, 1900, Eu-
nice Edith, beloved - daughter of James and
Emma L. Bamf ord, and sister of Emma L.
and Alice A.* Bamf ord, a native of San Fran-
cisco, aged 1 month and 23 days.
BONNELL— In this city, October 22, 1900, Lu-
cinda Bonnell, wife of the late John T. Bon-
nell, beloved mother of .. Mrs. : Phineaa F.
Ferguson, and grandmother of George B.,
Howard W.. Anita J.. Hattle M.. Emily W..
Alice L., Phineas F. Jr. and Laura A. Fer-
gueon, aged 70 years 7 months and 20 days.
ICTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Wednesday), at 1:30 o'clock, from her. late
residence. 2 Vicksburg street, thence by fu-
neral car to Cypress Lawn Cemetery.
BUCHANAN— In this city, October 22, 1900,
James, beloved husband of Johanna Bu-
chanan, and father of Mrs. .William J. Staf-
ford and William. James E. and Joseph Bu-
chanan, a native of Queenstown, County
Cork. Ireland, aged 64 years and 11 months.
E7"The funeral will take place this day
(Wednesday), at 8:30 o'clock, from his late
residence, 266 Ninth street, between Howard
and Folsom, thence to St. Joseph's Church,
Tenth Btreet, where a requiem high mass
will be celebrated for the repose of his soul,
commencing at 9 o'clock. Interment Holy
Cross Cemetery,
CLARK— In this city, October 22, 1900, Daniel
Platt Clark, beloved son of. Mrs. Lucy A. and
the late David Clark, husband of Mary Eliza-
beth Clark, and father of John Platt. Lucy
Elizabeth and Lucina Bancroft Clark, a na-
tive of Bear Creek, Wls., aged. 40 years 6
< months and 24 days.
E7"Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Wednesday), at 1- o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 1267 Sixth avenue. East Oakland. In-
terment Mountain View Cemetery, Oakland.
CONNOLLY— In this city, October 23, 1900, John
N., beloved husband of Norah Connolly,
father of Frank, George and Robert Connolly,
brother of Patrick Connolly. Mrs. Daly, Mrs.
Flynn and the late Mrs. Gordan,.and brother-
in-law of Mrs. J. McCarthy and Mrs. E.
Shorten, a native of the parish of Drunolea-
tue. County Cork, Ireland, aged 32 years. x
CTFtiends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Thursday), at 9:30 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 422 Natoma street, thence to St. Pat-
rick's Church, where a requiem high. maps
will be celebrated for the repose of his soul,
commencing at 10 o'clock. Interment Holy
Cross Cemetery.
DUNLAVY— In Alameda, October 22, 1900, Pat-
rick, beloved husband of Bridget Dunlavy,
and father of Thomas, William, Mamie, Jo-
' seph and Emmet Dunlavy. a I native of Ire-
land, aged 65 years. •
K7" Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend thft funeral tthl* dsy
(Wednesday), at 8 o'clock, from St. Joseph's
Church. Alameda, Interment - Holy Cross
Cemetery. San Francisco.
ELY— In this city, October 21, 1900, Jonas Ely,
M.D., a native of Pittsburg, Pa., aged 47
years. (Pittsburg. Pa., and Washington pa-
pers please copy.) .
ETFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral services
this (Wednesday) evening at 7:30 o'clock, at
the parlors of H. F. Suhr & Co., 1137 Mission
street, between Seventh and Eighth. Inter-
ment at Pittsburc, Pa.
FOULKS— In Paris, France, Margaret Foulks,
mother of George H. and William C. Foulks,
aged 62 years. ' ;
FREEMANr-In this city. October 23, 1900, Caro-
- Una, relict of the late Henry Freeman, a na-
tive of Cassel, aged 75 years.
CTFuneral and interment private. ¦. Cv.'-",
GANNON— In this city. October 23, 1900, Peter
William, beloved eon . of James and Mary
Gannon, brother of James, Michael; Thomas
and Mary Gannon, and. nephew of Mrs. H. M.
Donohue and Sarah Gannon, a native of San
Francisco, aged 6 years 3 months and 3 days.
C7"The funeral will take place . this day
(Wednesday), at 1 o'clock, from the parents'
residence, 233 Crescent avenue, off Mission
read. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery. Fu-
¦ neral jixlvate. I :¦. ,. ¦¦ . , "
HINCKLEY— In this city. October 22, 1900.
. Mildred, beloved daughter of Mark F. -and
Merilla' Hinckley, and sister of Walter, Viv-
ian and Earl Hinckley; a native of California,
aged 16 years and 7 months.
ETTriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Thursday), at 2 o'clock, from the Emanuel
Baptist. Church, Bartlett street, between
Twenty-second and Twenty-third. Interment
Masonic Cemetery. • .
HUCKFELDT— Near Colrna, October 22. 1900,
Javpar, beloved husband of Johanna Huck-
feldt. and father of Henry Huckfeldt, Mrs.
Heidorn. Mrs. H. Lohee and. William, qoris.
Minnie and Anna Huckfeldt, a- native of Ger-
many, aged 64 years 10 months and 13 days.
(ET" Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Thursday), at 1:30 o'clock, from the parlors
of H. F. Suhr & Co.. 1137 Mission street, be-
tween Seventh and Eighth. Interment Cy-
press Lawn Cemetery. -
KINGSBURY— In this city, October 22, 1900,
Helen S. Kingsbury, beloved mother of Wil-
lard D. and Susan M. Kingsbury, a native of
New York, aged 70 years 6 months and 24
days
V7 Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral'to-morrow
(Thursday), at 10 o'clock, from the residence
of her son, 855 Capp street, thence by the 11:41
o'clock train from Twenty-Ofth and Valencia
streets to the Conservatory of Music at Col-
lf ge Park, between Santa Clara and San Jose,
where services will be held at 1:30 o'clock.
Interment Santa Clara Cemetery, Santa Clara,
Cal. ;
KNUDSEN— In this city. •'. October 22. 1900,
Charles Knudsen, a native of Norway, aged
42 years. , ¦ , -
ICFrlends; and acquaintances lare respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Thursday), at 2 o'clock, from the parlors of
H. P. Petersen & Co.. 228 McAllister street.
. Interment Laurel Hill Cemetery.
LYNCH— In this city/October 23, 1900, Mar-
garet, beloved wife of the late Patrick Lynch,
mother of Mary,. Helen and Eddy Lynch, and
Bister, of Mrs. Maloneyand Mrs. Madden, a
native of County Limerick, . Ireland, aged to
years and 4 months. <
C7 Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral-Ho-morrow
(Thursday), at 8:30 o'clock, from her late
¦ residence, 181 Harriet street, between Folsom
- and Harrison, thence to St. ¦ Patrick's
Church, where a solemn requiem high mass
will be celebrated for the repose of her soul,
commencing at 9 o'clock. Interment Holy
Cross Cemetery. igfl§gB3£&&IBp]
MASSONI— In' this city. October 22, 1900,
Assunta Massonl, beloved wife of Manrlzlo
Massoni, and beloved mother of Laurence.
Paul and Joseph Massoni and Mrs. V. Pal-
mini, ' a native of Italy, aged 61 years 4
months and 22 days. - v •
MATHEWS— In Oleander. Fresno County, Mrs.
Lavena Mathewe, a native of New York, aged
' 75 years. » aWIH ' WwnilMP"»H«ll' illllll) I illMJWaW, lOll
, (C?*Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
1 fully li'.vited .to attend the funtral this day
! , (Wednesday), at 1 o'clock, from the parlors of
! the Craig & Cochran Company, 52 and 56 Mint
: ;. avenue. Cremation Odd Fellows' Crematory.
MENNEMANN— In this city, October 23, 1900,
Mary Mennemann, dearly beloved wife of Jo-
seph Mennemann,' beloved: mother of Henry.
; Agnes. LoulBa and Emma Mennemann, and
. stepmother of Mrs: John Lewis and Mrs. Wil-
liam Behrend of Oakland, a native of Texas,
agred.37 years 9 months and' 3 days." -, ; ,-
. (Ey Friends and acquaintances are respect-
• fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Thursday), at 8 o'clock., from the parlors of
- the Gantner & Gunta Undertaking Company,
1209 Mission street, between Eighth and
Ninth, thence to St: Boniface's Church, Gold-
_ en Gate ¦ avenue, " near - Jones / street, -where
mass will be celebrated for the repose of her
soul, commencing at S: 15 o'clock. Interment
Holy Cross Cemetery. . ;
NORTON— In Salinas, October 21, 1900. Claude
R. Norton, son . of , Lott V D. c and Emma ;M.
HENRY J. GALLAGHER CO.,
V 5 .' r (Successor to Flannagan & Gallagher)
; i. v DANIEL P. DONOVAN. Mgr.
FUNERAL DIRECTORS. AND EMBALMERS.
20 Fifth st., . opposite : Lincoln . School.
Telephone South SO. - . .
AlcAVO^&|CO.. -
FUNERAL ! DIRECTORS * A] SMBALMBR8;
11239 Market St., . between «th and 9th.
>-¦-.,' Telephone South 247. ;.
UNITED; UNDERTAKERS, I
27 and 29 Fifth st.;: Tel." South" 167. I
-rCNEBAL D1BK0T0R8 ' ANDj EMBALMKHai ; I
Tlnest Equipment r at! Moderate" Rates. ¦.-;.•; I
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
Tl
OAKLAXD FURNITURE FOR SALE.
AN Introduction to you from H. Schellhaas, tha
furniture dealer. 11th and Franklin. Oakland.
ROOMS FOK HOUSEKEEPING.
EDDTr~~93&— Nicely furnished newly papered
housekeeping rooms; adults; prlv. residence.
FILLMORE, 2207. near Clay— 5 nice suouy fur-
nished rooms; bath: piano: housekeeping.
FULTON, 21S, near Van Ness ave.— 2 ( house-
keeping rooms; bath. gas. gaa stove; sunny
side; bay window; folding bed. . '
JESSIE, 311% — Two nicely furnished rooms,
with yard, for housekeeping. '
MARKET near Mason — 2 rooms, furnished,
folding bed, gas. $10. Call 342 Kearny Bt.
MISSION. 952, nr. . Sixth— 3 sunny furnished
rooms; complete for housekeeping;. $16 a mo.
NOE 1£3 — 2 or 3 sunny rooms in" modern cor.
flat; folding-bed, gas stove; $12; N. Market.
OOTAVIA. H03, cor. Geary— Sunny furnished
bay-window room. $10; kitchen complete, $13.
TEHAMA. 4'73. nr. 6th— $12: 3 rooms complete
for housekeeping; no children.
TURK. 126 — Two furnished sunny housekeeping
rooms; running water; closet.
TURK. 613-<2 furnished 'housekeeping rooms,
$10. Call after 6 p. m. --*
2 FURNISHED rooms for hskpg. In private
family. Call 227 Pore, nr. 9th and Harrison.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch ofnee, 2200 Flllmore st.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
eubectiptions has been established at 1096
Valencia Bt. .
ROOMS TO LET — Kara, and Unfarn.
A^BRUNSWICK House. 148 Sixth— Rooms 25o
to $1 per night; $1 25 to $5 per week, and light
housekeeping ; open ail night.
BURNETT, 1428 Market (old No. 1364)— Fur-
- nlshed rms.. suites, single; also unfurnished.
BUSH 824— Furnished sunny rooms, suits or
tingle. 2Sc per night up; transient.
BUSH. E20 (The Elk)— Changed hands; newly
renovated, nicely furn. sunny rms., $1 50 to $7
week; 25c to $1 50 night. MRS. P. RANFT.
CHESTNUT, 29S. cor. Dupont— Furnished rooms
for housekeeping to let; cheap.
CLIFFORD, 204 Ellis, cor. Mason— Handsomely
furnished sunny rooms; prices reasonable.
FOLSOM, 776^r— Neatly furnished room suitable
for 1 or I gentlemen; reasonable.
GEARY, 405 (The Navarre)— Elegantly furnished
rms. ; suites or single: travelers accommodated.
GRAND SOUTHERN, southeast corner Seventh
and Mission sts.'— Sunny rooms, en suite or
single; ladles' parlor; reading-room; elevator.
HARRIET, 40, nr. Sixth, above Howard-
Furnished front room; rent reasonable.
HATES. 751— 1 or 2 nicely furnished rooms In
private family. ¦ ¦ ¦'¦'•/
HOWARD, lOesvfc— Elegantly furnished sunny
front bay-window room; reasonable; others.
LARKIN, 819H— Sunny front room suitable for
lady or gentleman; gas; bath; $7.
LAS PALMAS.-1S20 Market St.— Suite of 2 or 3
rms.: private; bath; sin. rms.; board optional.
MCALLISTER, 1721, cor. Broderick— 2 elegant
front rms, frnshd or unfrnshd; modern; pri-
vate bouse; with or without board.
MINNA. 667, corner Eighth— Newly furnished
bay-window room. $1 per week; transient.
NEW ARLINGTON. 1015 Market Bt-— Nicely
furnished rooms, $2 a week up; 35c a day up.
NORWOOD. 611 Taylor— Furnished suites and
rooms; privilege of dining room and kitchen.
O' FARRELL. 20 — Sunny furnished 4 rooms and
offices; elevator: electric lights; day, wk.. mo.
ROSEDALE House, 319 and 321 Ellis st,— Rooms,
night 23c to $L week $1 25 to $4; open night.
ROYAL House. 126 Ellis et.— Incandescent light;
• reading-room, smokinc-room and ladies' par-
lcr; rooms, per night. 35c to $1 50; week, $2 to
$S; month, $8 to $30; elevator on ground floor;
rooms with hot and cold water; baths.
SHERMAN Apartment House. 28 Eighth St.,
near Market — Furnished or unfurnished.
SIXTH. 136— Sunny furnished rooms for light
housekeeping; also other rooms.
SUTTZR, 717, near Taylor— Sunny, choice, rea-
sonable; please Investigate; bath.
SUTTER. 578 — Sunny furnished rooms for first-
class physician, dentist or other business.
TURK. 126— Furnished sunny rooms for 1 or 2
gents, or man and wife. _
TURK. 645— Single sunny furnished . room;
rent $6. - ¦
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office, 2200 Fillmore st.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096
Valencia st.
ROOMS WANTED.
COUPLE desire 2 furnished rooms with couple
or lady living alone; references exchanged.
Box 2705. Call office.
ROOMS AMI BOARD.
BOARD and rooms at 415 First st.", near Har-
rlson.
FIRST-CLASS modern family hotel; very sunny
rooms; fine table. 1604 California st.
SPECIAL NOTICE?.
NOTICE is hereby given that the Maria Kip
Orphanage of 620 Lake st., San Francisco, has
received the following orphan and half-or-
phans from July 1 to October 1, 1900: Amelia
A. L. Dienst. 11 years 8 months; Emma Alice
Planto. J years 4 months; Emily O'Nell, 4
years 5 months; Henrietta B. Clark, 9 years
C months; Edna Corscllla, 7 years 4 months;
Irene Corscilia, 3 years; Mary Ellen Morgan,
10 years 4 months; Lucy Rose Morgan, $
years 8 months. . *
CHEAPEST and beet In America— The Weekly
Call. 16 pages, sent to any address In the
United States or Canada one year for $1,
postage- paid. ,
BAD tenants ejected for $4; collections mad*;
city or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION CO..
415 Montgomery St., rooms 9-10; tel. 5580.
GASOLINE boat Kid; Howard-st. wharf;
freight, excursions,, etc.
ROOMS papered from $2 60; whitened $1 up;
painting done. Hartman Paint Co.. 319 Third.
SEWIXG MACHINES AND SUPPLIES.
SEWING machines repaired at your home;
drop card to L. J. OWEN. 864 Folsom st.
ALL kinds bought, sold, rented, exchanged; re-
pairing lowest rates; open even. 205 Fourth.
BOUGHT Bold, rented, repaired; needles and
shuttles: reduced rates.' 145 6th; phone Mint 45.
ALL kinds bought, sold and repairing guaran-
teed. Charles Plambeck. 1915 Mission, nr. 15th.
STORAGE AND "WAREHOUSES^
BEKINS Van and Storage Co.. 722 Mission St.;
tel. Main 1840: shipping at cut rates. .
WILSON BROS., etorage and moving; covered
vans. Tenth and Market; phone South 762.
PACIFIC Storage and Furniture Moving Com-
pany. 2320 FlUmore St.: phone Jackson 281.
SLOT MACHINES. ,-
BOUGHT and sold; new and second-hand: large
display; very cheap. ¦ 827 Market, room 220.
AND SUPPLIES.^
GREAT BARGAINS IN TYPEvVRITERS-Wa
sell better machines for less money than any
house in the city: rentals. $3. The Typewriter
Exchange. 636 California; telephone Main 266.
ALWAYS bargains In typewriters; any make.
Write, for prices to L & M. ALEXANDER,
110 Montgomery st. ' •' »
DIVIDEND NOTICES.
DIVIDEND Notice— Dividend No. 110 (fifty
cents per share) of the .Oceanic Steamship
Company will be payablo at the office of the
company, 227 Market St., on.f and after Thurs-
day, November 1, 1900. Transfer books close
Friday. October 26, 1900, at 3 o'clock p. m.
E. H. SHELDON. Secretary.
MABRIAGE LICENSES.
The following marriage licenses were ' issued
yenterday:
.Thomas B. Simpklns. 28, Naps, and Alice L.
Burnett. > 21, 1601 Golden Gate avenue. >
mnry m. Chase, 4L Castrovllle, and Rebecca
C. Kay, 32, Castrovllle.
N'iels Nielsen, n, Penn Grove, and Karei
Thcmsen, 32, oily.
Gustav* C. GoldenberR. 23. 1013 Mission street,
an « d .. J , OB f p ) llne Dobner . 18. £72 Fourth atrect.
If cjt? ll> Clty * * nd EdUh A - B ° yd>
0l L an uF- T H °'n»berg J5, 247 Harriet street,
a 1 d -.£? phle T Jo . nn * on ' 2 *- 1030 Carolina street. -
•William J. Miller. 23. Twenty-flrst street and
Potrero avenue, and Mary Holden, 25, S55 Fol-
tom Btreet. * . .
Giovanni Sartorl, San Diego, and Alice A.
Perlnoni, Bodega, Sonoma County
vaK^A^d?^^ Ha!ley - ™& "5
bShaif/ZL criy. P ' On -' h ' c "r.Vand Nellte C-
t m dwar « °i Coni 5? r> Ji' 1S30 Dolores street,' and
Lillian Harbin, 18, 237 Minna street
Lodovico Calegari. 23. 427V4 Union street/and
Erminla, Calegarl. , 17,, 427% Union street.
Muzio, 30, Camptonville. and Maria
Muzio. 23. 2233 Folsom street. : > -¦-..,-.¦¦¦
( Edward J. -Sheridan. - 37. ¦ 601 Taylor ¦ street,
and Minnie D. McNelll. 25. i22 Greenwich »t.
1— rtMWMWli MaWilUlflii ilia 1' *»¦'! ii. aft 1 - . - - Jr^- -t ¦
REAL ESTATE- — CITY— FOR SALE.
BALDWIN if HO WELU ~~~ ~~
U MONTGOMERY STREET.
....J6000-RENTS ?O)0 PER ANNUM....
Must be sold; make offer; store and 2 floors
above; Jessie st^ near. Mint ave.
tlOOO— CORNER BUILDINO LOT
S2:«xlO0; corner of A et. and 8th ave.; Rich-
mond district; very desirable, cheap lot; close
to cars.
... .17000— HAYES ST. FLATS— $7000. ...
Rents f6S per month: 3 flats, sunny fide Hayes
*t., near Fillmore; larce lot, 27:6x137:6.
....t2S00-MAIUXE VIEW HOME— I2S0O —
Jones st.; convenient to cars; house ol •
rooms, bath, «tc.
....t22.500-PACIFIC AVE. RESIDENCE....
KlopaT.t modern home of 14 rooms, bath, etc.;
lot 37:6x12:6.
....$300 CASH-COTTAGE HOME....
Diamond tt.. near 17th: nice location: close to
Castro-et. cart: elx rooms, bath, basement, etc:
balance oa easy terms.
....«4,500— INSIDE BUSINESS PROPERTY....
Substantial three-story business building;
etore and two floors above; rents $1080 per year;
buEiness thoroughfare; mortgage $SO00 can re-
main. <-.» * 'j.
11200— COTTAGE— J1200
Nice cottsce. 5 rooms and bath; lot 25x114;
Day «t.; very cheap home.
....14500-TO CLOSE AN ESTATE— S4000....
Worth $6000; big bargain; large lotj 60xS4 to
rear etreet; two cottages, 5 rooms each, near
Valencia and ISth sts. ; on wide, bltumlnlzed
etreet; beat thoroughfare In the Mission.
....113.000-RENTS mSO....
Three new elegant modern thoroughly up-to-
date, high-claes flats on Nob Hill; California
ft.; very best location in town.
....$3400— RENTS $30 PER MONTH....
Folsom st. busines* property, near Fourth;-'
store below; fiat above.
....$25.000-r<SROtTND RENT $125....
Lot l£5xlG0 feet; on Tenth. St.. near Howard:
around rented under Jeai-e.
BALDWIN & HOWELL. 10 Montgomery at. .
CREAM OF PARK LOTS!
OPPOSITE NEW PARK ENTRANCE
....Rare chance for home builders and in-....
vestment seekers. Choicest building
Lots on very easy payments; on ;
The H-st. electric cars and fronting
....Golden Gate Park and the new mh-ave....
Boulevard: lots and Btreets on official
..Grades; macadamized: plank sidewalks...
Gas and water service; low prices
Bound to increase In value
Your own terms; Interest only 6 per cent....
Money advanced for building: purposes
The cofctlieet and handsomest modern houses In ,
Sun&et district are now being occupied
and constructed en the new ISth-ave
Boulevard; call at once at our branch
Office <open week days, Sundays and
Holidays), corner of H st. and Sth ave
..South of Golden Gate Park, and ask to be..
..Shown these beautiful lots. Full particulars..
And price llrta alto at our office
BALDWIN & HOWELL....
10 Montgomery St..
SACRIFICED BUILDING LOTS.
Owner must aeel 1 or 2 lots at once for pri-
vate reasons; price reduced from $700 to $550
«ach to make quick sale; Elizabeth St., near
Diamond; close to Castro-st. cars; terms can be
arranged if deeired; lots 26x114.
BALDWIN & HOWELL. 10 Montgomery st.
EASTON. ELDRID6E & CO.
• 63? MARKET ST.
PAYS 20 PER CENT AFTER TAXES PAID;
MXTST BE SOLD.
$1750 cash; 70x76 feet; 2 elegant modern flats
of 4 and 5 rooms and bath and cottage of t
rooms and bath; all rented.
THE ONLY PROPERTY EAST OF LARKIN
and south of California et. that
PAYS 1* PER CENT.
$6000— Reduced from $7000; three fine flats; In-
come $70 per month.
CHANCE OF A LIFETIME. .
$3750 REDUCED FROM $4750
Market st.; absolutely the cheapest lot
on the street.
THE OWNER IN EUROPE.
THEY MUST BE SOLD.
$£¦00 CASH DOWN— Those two lovely modern
up-to-date Mission flats, for your rent
money.
TO CLOSE AN ESTATE.
$4250— 10 rooms a&d bath on Webster st., near
; Fulton.
OCTAVIA-ST. RESIDENCE
AT A SACRIFICE.
. $3600 — 12 rooms and bath, near Fell et.
WESTERN ADDITION FLATS.
JJOOO— Two substantial well-built 'flats of *
rocrr.s and bath; lot 25x137:6 feet; modern
and nice appearing; tunny side street.
BARGAINS IN LOTS.
$2250— Page et., near Lyon; 25x100.
$1000— Tremont ave.: three fine level lots on
Ashbury Heights at your own terms.
$7^0— McAllister et.; 25x137:6 'feet.
$600-CHEAPEST LOTS IN THE RICHMOND
DISTRICT— Southeast, corner Eighteenth
and California sts.; size £3:4x96 feet.
WILL BE PLEASED TO StTBMIT OFFERS
ON ANT OF ABOVE PROPERTIES.
HE&fii -* — * - *' - ¦ '- -
EASTON, ELDRIDGE & CO.,
- ; % '- .638 Market st.
REAL ESTATE CO LATHY For Sale
J16.S00— SACRIFICE; Income fruit ranch near
Haywards; fine tmpts. ; offer wanted. Lay-
mance Real Estate Co.. 460 8th Bt., Oakland.
ACCURATE personal knowledge— each of th«
2000 ranches on my SALE and EXCHANGE
list. More than all other agents In this city.
K. D. SICKELS. the land agent. 6 Geary st.
REAL ESTATE WASTED.
NEW cottage. 6 rajs., bath; lot 50x100; Mission;
rental terms: or vacant lots. 413 Kearny et.
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS.
* ALAMEDA REAL ESTATE.
MUST BEHOLD • ""' ' "
On Account of Sickness.
A two-etory house of 7 rooms; lot 43x150; good
location: price for one week. $111/0.
ALSO
A fine lot on Willow st. sacrificed for $«0O. .
An elepant two-story 8-roorn house on Alameda
ave.. tcspthw with large lot,
ONLY $2500.
The above can be purchased on easy terms.
ALAMEDA LAND COMPANY,
1500 Park et.. Alameda, and IS Post nt.. S. F.
12250— NEW cottage house of 6 rooms. $3500—
New house, 8 rooms. $1500— New house, S
rcoms. basement, bath and pantry; lot 50iliO
J. K. YOUNG. 12*3 Park St.
$2250— AUCTION price; finest modern 6-room
cottage in Alameda; perfect plumbing; iin«
location; J blocks from 6tatlon & high school;
fair terms. A. G. Burns, 1501 Park. Alameda.
FOR Investment or bargains In, Ean Francisco
real estate call or -write to G. R. DENKE SR.,
Real Estate and Builder, 1400 Webster st.,
Alameda. *
EXCHANGE.
FINE coal yard for rent; eul table for milk
<i«»j>ot or express or stables. Apply 2101 Cen-
tral ave.. Alameda,
HOUSES -TO LET FUR.VlSHED.
» LOWER rart of house, elegantly furnished;
bfFt location. 2101 Central ave.. Alameda.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
OFFICE— 1118 BROADWAY.
¦ * OAKLAXD REAL ESTATE.
A CHOICE INVESTMENT.
JS500— Annual income $700; Rood Improvement;
cho'ce- central- located corner; grand future;
incumbrancfl $«0<)0; Fpecial bargain.
AN ELEGANT CENTRAL HOME.
J5500— Lakeside district: modern, 10-room: lat-
ent architecture; very complete; large lot; edst
J7OO9. " MBiwaBHBGeBMMMBBBaataiate
ANEW INSTALLMENT HOME.
I28S0— $259 cash; new 2-story Colonial 6 rooms;
c/mplete; near trains and Broadway.
A CHEAP HOME.
$K5— A bay-window cottage; 5 rooms, bath;
I street macadamized; near station; a bargain;
quick sale wanted.- . • .
$2250— N^ar 14th and Broadway; neat 5-room
oottaee: rentinsr $20 month; mortgage $1650; a
centrally located bargain: eee us for choice har-
cains. LAYMANCE REAL ESTATE CO .
offices 4€0-462 Eighth st.. Oakland. •. -
FURNISHED or unfurnished house of 8 large
rooms and bath: sanitary plumbing; lot 60x
100: central location. Apply tat 19th St.. Oakld.
OAKLAND HOUSES TO ; LET.
A HANDSOME residence of 9 rooms, bath, car-
peus, barn, lawn; tSS 24th Ft., near Grove;
rent low. Inquire R. FKANKE. 1622 Grove
at.. Oakland. \ . . ¦. - . .-'
GOOD botwes. - Get list from GEO. W. AUS-
TIN & CO.. IOCS Broadway, Oakland.
RAILSOAD TBAVEL.
s .
•odtiikkx i-A«:iri«: innrAST.
) ¦ ' _ (PAOiriO STXTKM.)
Trains lt>i»tr nml i»r«i «4i«t> in nrrlf* ••
NAM VIIAN«:iN<:«>.
t (Main Line. Foot *f ii »rk<-< Street )
X.SAVB — Fro* Ocrosm 1. ixa — aehitI
•7:00a BenicU, Suisan, Elmirv Vac*tUle.
' Ramsey «ad Msersmento ..\ *7<ikV
•7 too a Shssu Express— DaTis. Willis ins (for
Bmrtlett Sprinim). Willow*. KoU
BluO, l"oiUi.i<t «7s«3r
•7r»O* Martinez, .-.•n l".».iion. Vullejo. Nap*,
C»ii»toga and H»nt» Koaa *Stl3p
•8:OOa Daru. Woodl»od. Kaijfan L»adiag.
Maxytt Hie, urotllle. *7il3f
•NtOO* Atlantic Kxprasn— Ogdeii »ad But M«il.1*
•»:««» Hues. Trier. t*tluop. Stockton •«: 13*
••>:iu« San Jnaa. LiTeraiure, ¦sttwkton.
Iouo. Smeramsuto. Placertule.
M»nr«»l«. Chleo. lt«.l IlimT Mil»»
•B:SO« O»kd»lr, Chinese, aoiior*. Carters... *4i l.ir
•»:OO* Howards. ,Nilm *ud W»y HWtions. '11:134
•»:«« a Los Aof site £xpc«ss — Martinet,
Tracy, Lathrop. t^toektoo. Morcetl
Freaiio >ud Lsa Augolea *7slTf
•9i:i«* Vall<-h>. Martiumc iwi Way Station* ¦»> «•%»
•1 0;UU* Th- Orolaurf Mi.i twi— Ogdeu, Dob-
ver, Oioaba. Chicago *8 :43 1
•11:00* Kllea, StocktOD. nacrimento. Men.
dots. Freiao, lUnfAJ, VissiU,
Portertili* *I:I3»
•ll:OOi LlTfrmoro. 8»oeer. Govhoo Juno.
tion. Bakerslieid. Los Aogeles
•ia:»o« HaywarUa. fiilea and Waj MtaUoni. *a>41?
tl<«»r Hacrainonln Klfer Htealntns t3:0l)»
•3iOOr Hajwiwdt, Miles ami Way HUtlom, Mi 1.1 •
•l:!»or M.rtintir, Hall lUinoii. Vailejo.
Napa, l.'«ll«t..K». MmiU lloam *0tISa
•¦ii»«r Bauieia. Winters. Maeramantow
Wowlland, Knlicbta Laudliig.-
¦M«rji»lllr, OmiillH •!<•: in»
•4iaOFMIlei,HauJ<>waiHlHtoek(oif *7(IS»
•SiOOrTha Owl Mmit«a-Tr»cr. Fresno.
I?*kerafi«!il. 8«ngus fur S)»ut» Bar-
bara. Lot Angeles MOilS*
•»«••» Stockton ¦«•£••
•3:«or New Otleaal Ezpnaa— llakenrflslil.
- .Smit» HitrlMtra. Ia« Ali(->lni. »Bru-
Ini. El l"*«o. New Otloaul and
East *7i«H«
•liOOr {forwards, Nile* and 8»u Jus *7il».
t«:OOp Vall.jo.7:... Ma, Mr
•0<9«r Oriental Hail— OgJen. CheieDna.
Omaha. Chicago *13tl3r
*«:OOr Oriental Malt--O(den. uenrer
Omaha, Chicago - •4il.tr
•7»«0f NUej, Tracy, L»throp. Stockton.... •is»tl»p
•««OOrOt<.m ami California K«|.r«,.M«o-
Miii«..t<i. MarxM.llle. ItH.liliiu,
• -..rthin.!. rn.st Mi.iiimI ami Kant ••««.¦»»
l«:O1, TallrK Fo»» CciU and Way »U-
tioim {lliWf
COAST IMTIMON (Xarrort Uaaie).
(Foot of Market .Street.)
•SilSa N«wark.CViitcrtltle..Han Jo»o,Felton.
BouMor Creek,.Sauta Unix ami Wi|
SUUoim •«•««•
<S*19v Bawark Centwvillov 8an Joso, New
Aluiadeo, Fulton, ItnuMer Creek,
Sant* Crua sod rriooipal War -
Stations t«*iA«a
••tlip Newark. M»n .Io»n, Los Oatos *Si-"»Oa
•illi-aSr Hanten" EUeazato'a. Saa Jose aad
Wayatationa f7r»O»
CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
Frtalll rSaXOlSCO — rut «? Markit Strut (Silj J)—
.?£ tiiS -ffi.:; ™ * 2;oa %iOt
riasOlIUID — r««t ttttniwmj. — *«:0O 8:00 10:0O 4. k.
112:03 «I:Q3 t2X3 »3:C3 lt:C3 •i:C3r.M.
COAST DIVISION (llroaiiUangc|.
(ThlrJ ni * Townteml Sts.)
+••!•* Ocean View. South Man Fraoci«c£77~ ?«»»•»
•7:O«» .San Joaa ami "7ay SUtlona (Naw/
Aliuailer "<Ve<)neml»js only). ...... •lilur
•»iOOa Han Jiwe. Trns linoa, Halite Crni,
Pacilic <lro»e. l'aso Unities, 8an
I.uis Ohlipo, Hnrf, Losupoc aad
Principal Way Hutlim. MilAf
•I6ilo» 8 ma Jim* and Way .Stations........ *«>3Aa
•I I:3Oa Mau Jam and Wa- SUtlons *S>3*r
t3rl3p San Matro, Itedwoo<l, Menlo Park.
Palo Alto. Sauta Clara, 8an Juas.
Tret Pinot, .Santa Cruz, Saliuas,
Uonterey ami l'aeifle Grove |llli3Sa
fSiaap San Joaeaml Way Station* *7:3up
H:l3r Sail Joseaml Principal Way Stations *'J: *3 »
tSiOOr San Jq««-. Los Oatos and Principal
Way Stations tBtOn*
*3i3Or 8an.loie au.l I'rinclpil Way Stations **i3.1* .
•«:»ttr San Joss ami Way Stations t«:Oi» %
qllt4.1r San Jose ami Way -Statlom »7:3O» ¦
A for Morning P for A f temoon.
¦Daily. . t Muiiday ezeepted. 1 »uudar only.
a Saturday only.
CALIFORNIA NORTHWESTERN RY. CO.'
lessee;
SAN FRANCISCO AND NORTH PACIFIC
RAILWAY COMPANY.
Tituron Ferry. Foot of Market St.
SAN FRANCISCO TO SAN RAFAEI^
WEEK DAYS— 7:30. 9:00, 11:00 a. m.: U:33.
a:30. 5:10, 8:30 p. m. Thursdays— Extra trip
at 11:30 o. m. Saturdays— Extra trips at 1:50
and 11:20 d. m.
SUNDAYS— 8:00. 9:30. 11:00 a. m.: 1:30. »:30.
5:00. 6:20 d. m.
SAN RAFAEL. TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS-«:10, 7:60, 9:20. 11:10 a. m.; 12:45,
1:49. 5:15 p. m. Saturdays— Extra trips at
1:55 and «:S5 n. m.
SUNDAYS— 8:10. »:40. Jl:10 a. in.: 1:«. J:40.
6:05. 6:25 9. n>. «
Between San Francisco and Schuetiea Park
same schedule as above.
Leave I In Effect. I Arrlw
6an Francisco. [Apr. U.- 1900.1 San Franclscou
Week J Sun- J . I Sun- I Weeic
Days. I days, f Destination.] days. I Days.
T:S0am 8:00 sm .Novato. 10:40 am 8:40 am
t :30 pm 9:30 am Petaluma. 8:05 pm 10:25 am
8:13 pm 5:00 pm Santa Rosa. 7:35 pm 1:20 pm
Fulton. I
7;30 am Windsor. 10:33 am
Healdsburv.
Lytton.
OeyserTllle. .
>:t0 pm 8:C0 am Clorerdal*. 7:35 pm 8:20 pm
7:80 ami ¦ I • Hopland I 110:23 am
8:30 pm| 8:00 am) and Uklah. I 7:33 pm| 8:20 pn
7:30 am 10:25 am
t :00 am Gusraeville. 7:S5 pm
8:30 pm 8:20 pm
7:30 am 8:00 ami Sonoma I 9:15 am 8:40 am #
and I
8:13 pm 5:00 pm Glen Ellen. | 8:06 pm 8:20 pm
7:30 anil 8:00 ami [10:40 am!10:2S am
3:30 pm! 5:00 pm| SebastopoL 1 7:35 pm! 8:20 pm.
Staices connect at Santa Rosa {or Mark West
Sprlngrs and White) Sulphur Springs; at Fulton
for Altruria: at Lytton for Lytton Springs: at
Geyservllls for Skacss Springs: at Cloverdale)
for the Geysers: at Hopland for Duncan
Springs. Highland Springs. Kelseyville. Carls-
bad Springs. Soda Bay. Lakeport and Bartlett
Springs; at Ukiah for Vichy Springs, Saratoga
Springs, Blue Lakes. Laurel Dell Lake. Witter
Springs, Upper Lake. Porno, Potter Valley,
John Day's. Riverside, Llerley's. Bucknell's.
Banhedrin Heights, Hull vllle. Git's Hot
Springs. Mendoclno City. Fort Bragg*. West-
port. Usal. Wlllits, Lavtonvllle. Cummins.
Bell s Sprints, Harris, Olsea's, Dyer. Scotia
and Eureka.
Saturday to Monday round trip tickets at
reduced rates.
On Sunday round trip tickets to all points
beyond San Rafael at half rates.
Ticket offices. 630 Marktt st.. Chronicle blJ«.
H. C. WHITINO, R. X. RTAN.
General Manager, Gen. Pass. Agent.
NORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD,
Via Sausallto Ferry.
Commencing' September 30, 1900.
FROM SAN FRANCI3CO TO MILL VALLEY
• AND SAN RAFAEL.
WEEK DAYS— «:55. *9:15. 11:00 a, m.. 1:43
3:15, 4:00. 5:15, •6:15. 8:40 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS— For Mill Valley and San
Rafael, on Mondays. Wednesday* and Satur-
days at 9:00 and 11:35 p. m.
SUNDAYS— '8:00. no.OO.. ni:30 a. m.. n:13.
3:15. *4:45. 6:30, 9:00 p. m.
Trains marked (•) run to San Quenttn.
FROM SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCI3CO.
WEEK DAYS— 5:25, »«:30. 7:45, 9:30 a. m..
•12:30. 1:45. •Z-.X*. 4:30. 5:20 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays. Wednesdays
and Saturdays at 8:43 and 10:20 p. m. '
SUNDAYS— «:20. •8:00. «10:00. *U:45 a. m..
•1:40, miS. 4:45, »6:30 p. m.
Trains marked (*) start from San Quentln.
rROM MILL VALLEY TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— 6:45. 8:45. 7:55. 9:30 a. m..
12:35. 2:10.' 8:30. 4:M, S:20 p. m. .
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays. x Wednesdays
and Saturdays at 7:10 and 10:20 p. m.
SUNDAYS-8:05, 10.-0J a. m.. 12:05. 2:15, 3:19.
5:00, 6:45 p. m.
THROUGH TRAtNS.
6:55 a. m. week days— Cazadero and way sta-
tions. MBU.«JM"<auut>i ¦ «>laf«W» ' »1») aimV" \ «
1:45 p. m. Saturdays— Tomales and way sta-
tions. \
8:00 a. m. Sundays— Tcmales and way sta.
tions. . *,
Santa Fe
Trains—^iiy
L«ave Markat-street F«rry l>pot.
Lve. San Francisco. 9:00 a m 4:10 p ml S:00 p m
Ait. 8*ockton 12:30 p m 7:14 p m 11:05 p m
'• Merced :.- 2:« P m 1:13 am.
" Fresno 4:20 p m 1.-05 a m.
- - VlKalla 8:00 pm 4:50 am
,** Tulare 4:21pm . 5:10 a 1a
"Hanford 5:13 p m 7:08 am
•• Bakersfleld ... 8:50 p m 7:30 am
. <•• Denver ......... 10:00 a m . — — — •
._i*»i Kansas City — 5:15 pm
- Chicago 7:40 am {
"TZ~m7 train is the Overland Express. Com*
¦ponding train arrives it I p. m. dally.
' 4:10 d. m. Is Stockton Local. Corresponding
train arrives 11:05 a. m. dally.
8:00 p. m. is Fresno and BakersOeld Express,
with Sleeping Cars for both cities. Correspond-
Ing train arrives at 8 a. m. daily.
OFFICES— 641 Market st. and In Ferry, D«po«, .
Ban Francisco: 111* Broadway. Oakland.
¦ VT 1* Cr.GIblwii's Dispensary.
aWMM^'iy. 1 ***** ¦*'
EnfVJ I" 1S54 lor thetr?atmentol ITivata
HLLJU. SKf Diseases. Lost Manhood Debility or
¦SOSkTSSil disease rearing ou bodyand mlnaand
>5stK<C«l Nftln Diseases. Yne doctorenreswheu
"thers falL Try him. Char?«» low.
cantid 1'urMenaranicfl Callorwrit*
Or. J, f. bIBllOA', Box 1937. Saa Raadac*
Norton, "arid : brother . of Frank D.' "and Ltllie
! : A. . Norton, ¦ a native of . California, aged 27
years and 8 months. •-• ' ¦ , . .
tCTTriends • and acquaintances are respect-
fully .invited to attend the funeral this day
, (Wednesday),"-' at : 10 ' o'clock, from the resi-
' dence. .725 Cole street, San Francisco. Inter-
ment ', Cypress -Lawn Cemetery.'- via . electric"
car from Cole and , 'Waller streets. •.
O'CONNELL— In this city, October 22, J.900, Pat-
rick O'Connell, a native of Ableyfeale, County
Limerick, Ireland, aged "38; years. ,
[CTReraains at the parlors of J. C. O'Con-
nor & Co., 767 Mission street. . •
PAPE— At the residence of his mother In South
San Francisco. . 1749 Fourteenth avenue south,
October 23, - 1900, Herman Pape, ¦¦ dearly be-
loved son of Mary and the late William Pape,
and '.brother of Emma, Alma, Willie and
Henry Pape, a native of San> Francisco, aged
.4 years 5 months and 5 days., -
tCFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Thursday), at 1:30 o'clock," from -the resi-
dence Of his mother. 1749 Fourteenth "avenue,
between N and P streets south, : South San
Francisco. Interment I. O. O.- : F. Cemetery.
RYAN— Inthis city, October? 21," M900, George
Ryan, beloved - son' of- Thomas J. Ryan,
brother ' of '¦ William. • Charles • and Lilly Ryan
and Mrs. ' John Splaln, and uncle of Denlel
and Nellie Splaln. a native of . California,
aged 23 years 1 month and .12 days." "'
' JCTFriends ' and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral > this day
(Wednesday), at 1 :45 o'clock, ; from ¦ the par-
lors of the Gantner ' & Guntz Undertaking
Company, 1209 Mission street, between Eighth
- and Ninth, thence to St. Joseph's Church,
Tenth street^ near Howard,. for services.' In-
terment Holy Cross Cemetery. ...v
SCHALLICH— In - this city, October 23, ' 1900,
Louis, dearly beloved husband - of Sophie
Schallich. and father of Henry H.' and Louis
C. Schallich, a native of Verden, * Hanover,
Germany, aged 44 years 2 months and 14 days.
SCHLEY— In Oakland, October 23. 1900, Mary,
wife of Carl Schley, and daughter of Mrs,
Anna M. Liese, a native, of Oakland, Cal.;
aged 30 years and 19 days. »
SMITH— In • this city, October ¦ 23. 1900, James
M. Jr., beloved Bon of James and Mary Smith,
a native of Ohio, aged 38 years 9 months and
9 days.
(ETFriends and acquaintances are respect-
' fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Thursday), at 8:15 o'clock, from his late resi-
- dence. 1115 Castro street, between Elizabeth
and Twenty-third, thence to St. James
Church, corner Twenty-third and Guerrero
streets, where a requiem high mass will be
¦celebrated for the repose, of his soul, com-
mencing at 9 o'clock. Interment Holy Cross
Cemetery. -Kindly- omit , flowers. ,
IGXATIAN Council No. 35, Y.M. I.— Mem-
bers: It having pleased Almighty God to re-
move from our midst our cherished and re-
spected brother and treasurer of our council,
James M. ¦ Smith, "It becomes our duty to
gather at the bier of our departed officer. We
would therefore strongly urge . upon you to
lend your presence on this occasion. We will
meet at 8:15 o'clock at the house of mourning
to attend the funeral. Fraternally
JAMES K. COSGR AVE. President!
CHARLES L. EBNER. ; Secretary.•This favorite steanier. . under command of
Captain ' Lawless,' will ! sail \ for Papeete Novem
ber, 1st.* -Hitherto these charming, Islands of the
South Seas have been reached by sailing vessels,
requlrl rig 20 to ' 40 days.' .. but the \ time of new
. steamship f service -win .- be ; 10^ days. "Ask for
particulars of the low . excursion ' rat* - at (43
Market street . ., > . • •
The Australia for Tahiti.
I 'W-. In the Divorce 1 Court.
Decrees of divorce have been granted
Daniel S.-- Peterson -from-, Josephine . E.'
Peterson, for^ willful neglect and* failure
to provide: Frances Schussler f r.om J Fred
erick . J. Schussler, for. extreme cruelty;
Josephine CJ Grogan from. J: J. Grogan.
for cruelty,- and Sophie.- M." Blick j from
Peter C* Blick; for cruelty.. .
. Suits for divorce were filed yesterday By
John O'Neill against Mary E. O'Neill, for
desertion; Bertha Alexander .against
George .Alexander, for. desertion; Nellie
M. "Ratchf ord against John-. J3.~- Ratcflf ord .
for cruelty: Catherine O.-.Tunstall -against
George C. Tunstall and Sylvia E.B. Clark
against William H, Clark, "for failure to
provide.^ .;. \ '¦•''¦¦ ., ¦•¦ -rY;- ¦¦¦?¦;;« : ¦"¦-'."¦ ;..Z>r>
* Bakers' ¦ and Confectioners' Meeting.
A mass 'meeting;'' under r the. auspices of
Bakers'; and , Confectioners' ;Union No. 24,
will • be held ; Sunday forenoon next at ¦ 10
o'clock at 121 Eddy street. The object Is
to aid the efforts of the" bakery and con
fectionery, operatives to secure 'one day
oft each week.. ¦ " ¦ '--:«'¦•*.'-¦¦ '-:"•-• i
Andre Rosenberg/ secretary of , the La
bor Council, whl address the meeting. ,
Estates of Various -Values Ordered
Distributed in Accordance. "With'
. Terms of Testaments. •
The wills ' of George S. Gladwin, Mrs.
Millie H. Webster, Mary E. Hlg&ins and
Mrs. Kate AVooster Metcalfe were filed for
probate yesterday. > ,, ',
George. S. .Glailwln bequeaths %n estate
of unknown but large value to his widow,
Mrs. Emily A. Gladwin. Mrs. Gladwin
died July -3. last,', however, and their only
son, Edward H. Gladwin, will succeed to
the estate. < ¦ - - - • ; • • .
Mrs. Webster left' an estate valued at
$31,000.'* '.The will uwhlch was executed five
days prior to her death, which occurred
on the- 16th 'inst.,rdevises the sum of $25 a
month $o. Elizabeth Cuthbert.' decedent's
sister; 'and the residue to : Mrs. Margaret
Gray, a daughter, and two grandchildren,
In equal- shares. .
Though Mary Higgins* estate is the
smallest 'of -all, being vauled- at $7600, her
¦will Is the -most * elaborate. .To Michael
Joseph; Byrne, .a cousin, she devises $200
and "a suit of, clothes to be purchased for
him by the executors"; to William H.
Hlggins,, decedent's, husband, improved
property at ;the -northeast corner of Pa
cific street and Himmelman place; to Miss
Teresa Doran, a bedroom set. The, residue
is. devised to decedent's who is
named as executor. ¦ V
Mrs. Metcalfe devises an estate valued
at $10,000 to her. husband, John Metcalfe,
who is named as executor. .- "¦' - •
FOTJR WrLLS EECORDED
IN. THE PROBATE COURT
The deed was acknowledged before No
£?, r> wK n r Coln Sonnta S and witnessed by
W. W. Montague and Charles S. "Wheeler
Unto the n ar ty of the first part, however. Is
saved and reserved a life estate, for and dur-.
Ins the term of her natural life; in each and'
all «f the lots, pieces and parcels described.
This conveyance unto the party of the second
part is made, however, upon the express con
dition precedent that the said party of the sec
ond part" shall be alive at the time of the
death of the party of the first part, and in
the event that - the' said party of the second
part shall not 'be alive at- the time .of the
death . of the party . of the nrst ipart, then no
estate In the property shall vest or pass to the
heirs, executors, administrators, devisees or as
signs of the- party of the second part. And it
Is hereby declared to be the Intent and mean
ing: hereof to convey to the party bf the sec
ond r>art a remainder in each and all of- the
lands contingent. upon his surviving the party
of the first part, which said remainder shall
vest absolutely, In said second party If he shall
still be living at the time of the death of the
party of the first part. . - . s
Reuben H. Lloyd, the distinguished law
yer, has won the respect and , esteem of
Isabella Levy. a. wealthy unmarried
woman of this city, and with It her
real estate, valued at* about, a quar
ter of a million dollars. Mr. .Lloyd
may now add this property -upon his In
ventory of this world's goods and chat
tels, but before he may count it as his
with absolute title he, must first outlive
his admirer. With Miss Levy's death ab
solute title to eleven valuable pieces of
realty will pass into Mr. Lloyd's hands,
but if perchance the hand of death first
lays its hold on him the property will pass
back to the woman, whose admiration,
confessed In the deed, caused her to make
him her beneficiary- Revenue stamps of
the value of $168 accompanied the deed,
which Mr. Lloyd placed on record Monday
afternoon. . -.'¦*¦* 2 '•¦'
The story of the transfer and the only
consideration for the property, "respect
and esteem." which appears of record is
best told In that portion of tne deed ex
plaining the contingencies which must be
fulfilled before absolute title passes. This
portion reads:
The rarty of the first part, Isabella Levy.
for and in consideration of the respect and
esteem which she has and bears unto, the said
party of the second part. Reuben H. Lloyd,
does hy these present*;, and subject- to the
reservation and condition precedent herein con
tained, give-, grant, alien and confirm unto the
said party of the second part, and his heirs and
assigns forever, all th« lands hereinafter de
scribed, lying In the cljty and county of San
line .of; Du'wmt etreet, 68:9 S ot
C Lot oa^Mine of Union square (Morton street),
67:1 W of Grant avenue. W 40 by N 40.
Lot on S line of Union square (Morton street).
85 W of Grant avenue. W 45:5 by S 60. -
Lot on "W line of Mason street. 40 N of Geary.
N 20 by TV 60. ' .
Lot on W line of Hyde street. 87:6 N of Geary.
N 25 by W 87:6. . • .
Let on W line of Butter street. 62:6 E. of
Leaven worth, E 25 by S 87:6.
Lot on S line of Sutter street. 5.:6 W of
Taylor, W 27:6 by S 100. . .•-•---;-
Lot on N line of Sutter . street, 37:6 "E of
Mason, E oO.by N 87:6. ,
Lot on XE line of Sixth street, 225 SE of
Harrison. SE 50 by NE 160.
Let on N\V corner of Howard and Erie
streets. N 27:6, ; W 87:8*4. S 33:7%. E 88%. • •
Lot on NAV corner of Sutter and Scott streets,
W 37:6 by N 100. .
The war revenue law provides that upon
the 'transfer of property upon each $1000 of
the assessed value ' of the same revenue
In the sum of 51 shall be paid. The stamps
used show the assessed value of the prop
erty to be $163,000. *A quarter of a million
dollars would • thus . be about the actual
value of the property which passed from
the admirer to the admired.
REUBEN LLOYD BENEFICIARY
OF RICH WOMAN ADMIRER
Property Worth a Quarter Million His if He
Outlives Isabella Levy.
Cloakxnakers Incorporate.
Articles of Incorporation of the Inde
pendent Cloakmakers' Beneficial Associa
tion were filed yest«*rday. The directors
are Ifidor Reis. Abraham Green. Morris
Greenbaum, M. Blume and Max Lehmann.
The will of the , late Mrs. Susanna
Brown, bearing date of July 20, 1894. wa3
produced and filed for probate yesterday,
but not until its custodian, "I nomasC.
Klerulff, saw the doors of prison yawn-
Ing before him. A petition for the pro
duction of the will was filed by Katherine
Newland. She stated that the testament
was in possession of Klerulff, out that he
had refused to oroduce the same. The
petition was called for hearing. Judge
Troutt was convinced that the allegation!;
therein were correct and he ordered the
respondent to produce the. document.
Klerulff demurred and Judge Troutt
committed him for contempt of court.
Klerulff deposited • bonds for his release
and applied to the Supreme Court fpr. a
writ of habeas corpus. The writ was .de
nied by the Supreme Court yesterday
morning and Klerulff was taken into cus
tody by the Sheriff. He forthwith weak
ened and produced the will. Judge Troutt
then made a formal order purging him
of contjempt and ordering his release from
custody. The estate disposed of in the
will is of great value.
Following are the bequests: To Mrs.
S. Green and each of her children- $500,
to Mrs. Emily Raymond and her children
$500 each; to Mrs. Kate Newland and t\^o
sons $500 each; to Miss Hattie Fears and
Miss Ada Fears $500 each; to the Ladies'
Protective and Relief Society $500; to the
Children's' Hospital $2000; to the Little Sis
ters' Infant. Shelter $300; to the California
Society for the Prevention of Cruelty to
Children $500: to the Protestant Orphan
Asylum $2000; to the Cooper Meuical Col
lege $5000 for the > maintenance of a bed
to be known as the Richard, urown bed;
to the Rev. Joseph Worcester of the Swe
denborgian church, for his own use, $2000.
The residue of the estate is devised and
bequeathed to Daniel E. Hayes and John
Hooper In trust for the purpose of erect-
Ing a fount'aln In Golden Gate Park to be
known as the Cochltuate fountain.
Produces Will of Susanna Brown and
.Is Thereupon Purged of Con- 1
" . ¦¦¦;, tempt. V'
KIERTJXFF OBEYS COURT
ORDER, TO ESCAPE JAIL
hall and on next Sunday night he . will
suffer the imposition of his. hands to all
those that seek. It looks as if it wero
the Board of. Health's move.
The Armour Packing Company of New
Jersey has met defeat in Its effort to
evade the assessment levied by Assessor
• Dodge against Its franchise for the sum
of $10,000, the tax due upon this assess
ment being In the neighborhood of J20D.
The case was called' by Judge Seawell
yesterday. The packing company con
tended that as it was incorporated under
the laws of New Jersey and held its
franchise from that State It could not be
taxed for a franchise in. this State. . On
behalf of the city, however, It was con
tended that the exercise in this State by
the packing company of Ks corporate
franchise had a value which, under our
lawE, is taxable. Judge Seawell sustained
*.he position taken by the Assessor. An
appeal will be taken.
Armour Company "Defeated.
VISITOR CLAIMS TO - BE
SCHLATTER AND WANTS
TO BE BURIED ALIVE.
In the strange story there is a strange
mysticism. Seven is policy" and unJU the
healer travels seven times arouncl the
world his mission will not be over. He is
now on his, seventh Journey and we will
have him for a month* Then Los Angeles
will be favored, and Mexico is probably
the next in line. The healer has hired a
When he left Denver In 1S94 he traveled
to the mountains of Colorado, where, he
says, with remarkable unconcern, he was
burled for forty days and nights while
his soul went to heaven and he. held dis
course with God; But God, he says, won't
let him tell what was said or where he
was buried. These interesting details will
not be divulged until the Rev. Charles Mc-
Lean, M. D., completes his mission, and
like the favored prophet of old rises in
bodily form to heaven.
she sought to press upon him. Andrew
Carnegie, whom- the healer 3ays he mar
ried, wanted him to. take two millions, but
again that Implacable refusal was Inter
posed.
After "Schlatter" disappeared from
Denver in 1S94 the newspapers said that he
was dead. And while the healer has a
great respect for the newspapers he In
sists that they, were wrong. The press,
he declares, has a power next to God, but
that the press of San Francisco will treat
him unkindly. God, he says, always tells
htm things in advance, and this is one of
the warnings b'een given. But
he will not be* discouraged.
OUR local Board of Health seem*
to be composed of gentlemen who
have fame thrust upon them. An
old man has arrived In this city
and asks the gratification of a
singular request. He Is apparently earn
est, and. like all enthusiastic persons, has
a mission. He wants the Board of Health
to bury him alive In Golden Gate Park,
plant the grass over his grave, keep him
there for forty days and then dig him up
to accept his congratulations. The old
man believes in" himself, and he may be
familiar enough with recent events In San
Francisco to believe that our Board of
Health' "will grant his request.
He says he is the original Schlatter. the
divine healer who set Chicago, Denver
and other American cities In an uproar a
few years ago. Most people think, he
says, that he Is dead, but j they are In
grievous error. He admits modestly that
he has been to heaven and has had sev
eral consultations with God, but he has
returned to earth again to resume his
mission of divine healing and to make the
blind see, to make the deaf hear, to cause
the dumb to speak, to cure the thousand
ills that man is heir to, to give reason to
the mad and life to the dead.
There Is no doubt that this old man be
lieves in himself and his mission to make
others believe in him. He speaks with
quick, nervous energy. He tells with a
flood of details experiences remarkable,
incredible, amazing. His patriarchal gray
beard, strong features, keen, cold blue
eye?, glre marked character to him and
command attention • where levity might
Intrude. He says he is 54 years of age
and looks ten years older.
His name is Charles McLean and he is
a clergyman and'a physician. His story
of his life must carry its own meaning
and worth. Before he was born, he says,
God told his mother that she was to have
a marvelous' son. He was born in New
York where the Hoffman now stands and
at an early age was taken to Scotland.
From his earliest years, he says, he felt
the inspiration of his divine purpose, the
imposition of hands and the saving of life.
With the manner and unconcern of a man
saying that he. has Just dined he say?
that he brought three dead men in Chi
cago back to life and did the same for
four other cadavers "in London. And he
promises. to give life _to ..any corpse that
has not yet, mortified in San Francisco.
If William Jennings Bryan wereonly.here
—or perhaps his Highness the Mayoi
might do. . . .
Nor does Schlatter, the divine healer,
confine his ministering hands to dead
ones. He offers to restore reason to any
crazed being that may be. brought from
an asylum. With those magic hands of
his he says he cured 2000 . people in a
single day in Denver. He insists that he
placed his hands upon Rudyard Kipling
and cured him of pneumonia that was fast
dragging him to the grave. With a shrug
of the shoulders he declares that he re
fused " $50,000 which Mrs. Kipling offered
him in gratitude because that is another
story which the novelist probably won't
tell.
More marvelous to relate, the. healer
says Richard Croker gave him $5000 and
then descending into the stefn realm of
probability he says William R, Hearst
offered him* a million dollars. Hetty
Green, that shrewd, sharp, grim gatherer
of gold, offered him, he* declares, five mil
lion dollars, but as he didn't need the
money he refused it. Then,- his strange
story runs. Helen Gould was sad because
he wouldn't take a million dollars which
HE WANTS TO BE BURIED
ALIVE IN GOLDEN GATE PARK
Visitor, 'Claiming to Be SeMattery Comes -to
Raise the Dead and Heal the Sick.
"Why did you allow that to go on for
so many years?" asked another Juror.
"We did not know; It," ¦ was the answer.
"Mr.. Ewing, would charge some of these
shipments on his private books and some
on our books. He resigned sooner than
turn- over his personal books for my in
spection."
Other witnesses who were intimate per
sonal friends of Captain Ewinsr testified
that Ewlng's storyjof the reason for his
resignation was that he could not afford
to work for people who were not satisfied
with him; that his employers were hound
ing him about -the business and he 'could
not endure It any • longer. His friends
thought he was a little unbalanced in
mind since his stroke of apoplexy about
a year ago. . •
himself."
"As I understand It, he sold goods at
one price and returned to the company a
lower price?" put in a juror. ,
.The witness responded In the affirma
tive. -*;' ..¦¦:.
• "Then- that is embezzlement. The goods
were not consigned to Jiirn," said the
Juror. ...
"No, sir," was th,e reply. "He was un
der salary. I recognized the state of af
fairs.the first or second day after I came
here and. I labored .with him to have him
unburden himself to me. On Weonesday
my house telegraphed td me: 'We must
have from Captain Ewing what he has
sold these goods for and to whom he had
sold them.', He had billed the goods to
"Well," replied • Auditor Thompson,
"perhaps it could be- called embezzlement.
I have not yet had time to determine how
much he was short. I don't wisn 'anything
to come up against me in case we should
proceed to collect on his bonds."
"Two days before h's death Ewing con
fessed to me that he had done wrong:
that he had not executed his /trust prop
erly. He appropriated sales transactions
to himself on which he made profit which
we should, have received. He did not
credit the company on his books."
"Then he did embezzle?" asked the Cor
oner."
"Your manner was >o to me, sir, when
I visited the office to 'View the body," re
torted the Coroner ferociously. ,
Mr. Thompson then proceeded ¦ to tell
his- story as follows:
"No, sir," was the reply. "On the con
trary, he told Miss Burns that I was very
kind to him. I did not ask him for an
explanation in a hounding manner."
"Yes," persisted the Coroner, "you haa
something to do .with it, undoubtedly. I
don't w&nt to be understood as charging
you with having 'administered the gas to
him, but haven't, you been, hounding
him?"
"Then," said the Coroner, "you let this
man go to his grave with a smirch on his
reputation?"
"I didn't have anything to do with his
death," replied the witness. .. • ' ' '
"Mr. Ewihg resigned because he could
not or would not .explain to me certain
transactions. I exacted of him explana
tions almost every day in the w.eek. My
company has instructed me not. to an
swer any*' Questions as to the total
amount, involved in these transactions."
We. the, Jury, find that deceased, El
more E. Ewlng, came tohls death through
asphyxiation from the inhalation of il
luminating gas; a-nd .we further find sui
cide caused by despondency."
Such was the verdict given yesterday by
a jury of business men after hear
ing all the evidence in the. Inquest on
the body of Elmore E. Ewlng. who killed
himself last Saturday mornin" in the of
fice of the Welsbach Company at 140 Ellis
street. • _ ' .
The most important witness, the one
who showed a reasonable motive for tha
suicide, was Robert J. Thompson, audi
tor and overseer of the retail department
of the \Velsba«h Company. With refer
ence to the events immediately preceding
the suicide he said:
Auditor Thompson States at the In
- quest' That the Bondsmen
Must Pay the
Shortage.
He Resigned Rather Than
Permit Them to Be
Inspected.
EWING WOULDN'T
SURRENDER HIS
PRIVATE BOOKS
Should the place be closed one of the
principal landmarks of the tenderloin will
pass Into oblivion.
Green Brothers claim that they have
had to contend with gTeat difficulties.
Their rent, which Is over 1600. they claim
is excessive, and they say the Injury to
their business by the Baldwin fire and the
¦ back room ordinance has finished them.
Their attorney stated yeeterday that they
spent $SX» to defeat the ordinance. They
claim that they put in over $30,000 at dif-
; ferent times fixing the place up. They are
;snxlous to settle with their creditors and
start over again, but until the next meet-
Ing they will not know if they will still
be able to retain the cafe. One of the
creditors at the meeting said he was not
in favor of them holding the place, as
their business chances did not seem any
brighter now than they did several
months ago.
It was suggested that the creditors ac
cept twenty-tive P«r cect on the dollar on
all bills, but Instead it was decided to ap
point a committee to investigate the fail
ure and find what arrangements can be
made for the benefit of. the creditors.
The largest creditor is Wilmerding-
Loewe Company; its bill Is J7W0. Robert
Churchill and Mrs. .L&ek. mother- of
George Ldsk. formerly stage manager of
the Tivoli, each present claims for $1000.
The meeting was called to order by At
torney FVeidenrich, who represented
.Green Brothers He read a long report
which eventually wound up with a list of
creditors. The liabilities of the firm will
run over tZl£00. and their assets are JjOW
in the bank. •;
Green Brothers, rroprietors of the
Columhia Cafe, have financial troubles.
and yesterday at Z o'clock a meeting 1 of
their creditors was held in the offices of
Naphtaly, Freidenrlch & Ackerinan.
It Is Probable That the Well-Known
Columbia £af e Will Have to
Be Closed Because of
Debts;
He Galls a Meeting of His
Creditors to Explain
His Position.
NOTHING DOING
UPON THE LINE,
SAYS SI GREEN
THE SAN FRANCISCO CAJLIG, WEDNESDAY, OCTOBER 24, itmv.
14
ADVERTISEMENTS.
lllCtiflllll
White anl Black Satin Stripe* Taffeta.
21 Inches Wide $1.00 Yard
Black anl White Woven Strlpel : Taffeta, Gros
Grain.
24 Inches Wide $1.00 Yard
Black anl White Solll anl Open Checkel Taffeta.
22 Inches Wide $1.00
Black anl White Satin Stripel Taffeta, Gros Grain. -
24 Inches Wide $1.15
Black anl White Plisse Satin Stripel Taffeta.
21 Inches Wide $1.25
The ahove Silks are on exhibition in our Show
Windows thls v week, anl our customers In the Interior
are askel to write tor samples of them at once while
the assortment is complete.
OVT^n A AT
EA 1 KA
500 pieces fcest aualltn Cachemlre Gros Grain Rlh-
hons In shales of Brown, Graus, Nayles ani Tans,
wilths 3i anl 4 inches, former prices 30c anl 35c uarl.
All 10c Yard
III, 113. 115, 117, 119, 121 POST STREET.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Swim : at the Crystal Baths.
Recommended by physicians. » Water always
clean and warm. Tub department best In city.*
Big Sale.
Real China
Heliotrope Decorations
Tea Cap and Sancer 22 ct»
Dinner Plates... ,S»ct»
nreakfast Plates llct»
SaladBo^l. 84 cts
. Cake X>late 36cts
Oatmeal Bowl..... 16cts
44 Piece Dinner Set #8.10
too Piece Dinner Set 18,00
Blue Violet Decorations
Table nowis.... 4Oets
Salad Bowls SOcts
; Pickle Dish 98 eta
Cake Plate....... ,, *« ct»
Batter Plates ft eta
Berry Bowls BOcts
44 Piece Dinner Set «9.85
loo Piece Dinner 9ct..-...tl.4O
.'We are Cutting; I»iice»
all to Pieces During Our
Big: Clearance Sale.
Great AiericaaliiporlisffTea Ro.
no Grant •*«.. b«t. Pot«V " d romt ¦**
Ml Market «t-. opp. P°» # |J; ,
(2 Market it., function California.
OUR BRANCH STOKES KVEKTWHERB.
PAINLESS
\tf£\JSOf*#*'^ 813% CEART CTREET
' Between Hyde and Larkln.
Telefnone Polk 1135.
...FOR... *-
JUDGE OF THE SUPERIOR COURT,
UNEXPIRED TERM,
FRANK H. KERRIGAN,
RBOULAR REPUBLICAN NOMINEE,
DR.MQNULTY.
niniS WErjrKXOWN AND RKUA BLE OL»
I SppcIalWon-M Blood Poison;aonorrhCB.i,Gleet,
strieturv, Hfniliml Weakness. Inip<)t<>nc«*atid tbelr
alllwi Disorders. .Book on Disea.<ies bt Men, fre*.
Over20yeiirVMper»eiice.T«»rin^ reasonable. Hoars,
9to3dally;«:30to3.J0eT > Bs.anndaTs.l0tr> 12. O>nvil«
t& Uoufreeand sacredly eonfldendaL Call or addiWa
JP. ROSCOE MeXCIiTY, 51. D.
W 2 Keorny St^ Man Fronclaco, CrL
TO-DAY
Will Give to the Public
A MONEY-SAVER *
...ON...
5 GREAT SPECIALS
ist— EIDER DOWN DRESS-
ING HSAGQUES, all rfi-
colors and sizes. .... <JUu
2 d_WGMAN'S AV INTER
- WEIGHT KNIT VESTS—
long sleeves, all sizes Iflft
3d— SILK. WAISTS, made oi
b est ;T a ff e t a, effectively
trimmed in all the fashion-
able shades, $5.50 5O Jjr
quality ...:...... 0 U 1 U 0
4th— WOMAN'S. JFL'ANNEL-
LETTE NIGHT : GOWNS,
pretty stripes of Pink and Blue
and' small ; figures," cut I T
full and long ...."...; T 1 J ||
;5th-3W0MAN'S A C G 0 R-
DEON : :PLAITED SKIRTS,
newest materials, full Q f%f%
width, all colors . ". . . ' . Q J (j
1212-1214 MARKET ST.,
Bet Tajbr and Jocei. ¦ • •
The argument on demurrer to the In-
dictment of the Grand Jury .charging
Adolph Sylva and George W. Slmpton
with perjury in connection with, the Cra-
ven-Fair -case was concluded by Assistant
District Attorney Deuprey before Judge
¦Cook yesterday. Judgment was reserved
until Saturday. At that time the two men
will be called upon to plead. Mrs. Craven
will also be called.;
Sylva and Siinpton Argument.
THAT LABEL T HAT
Stands for What's- Best in Style,
Finish and High=class Workmanship.
¦«^|pjlp LABEL d||lj§p
/ \^ *&Jlm s ™ iesG Two Very W**m^
fujfe?"- • i^if Stylish Winter Blocks, ' "I -%,
• Derby and Soft, equal in « fc f j
K^^&s,/^ /ff/K style and wearing qwali- W—'''' : *^>\
O SOFT— In Blue Pearl. Steel. Castor. • % STIFF— In Brown. Castor andii
9 Brown and. Back, in All Heights of 5... • HI ach, in Small, Medium, and Large \
J Crow n-r All Wllths of Brim. % j Dimensions. •¦.'•' J
••••#•••1 ••••••••••••••••••••••• •••••••••••••••••••••••»e»««i»o«i
IT'S OUR JUSTLY CELEBRATED S/^ "AT,