SEEKS SOLACE IN DEATH WHEN
SLEDGEHAMMER FAILS TO FORCE
THE WIDOW TO BECOME HIS WIFE
Knowing That the Officers of the Law Are After
Him George F. Woodcock Abandons All Plans of
Revenge Against Mrs. Boyer and Kills Himself.
LILLIE DEVIXE. ALIAS DENNIS, ALIAS ALLEN, SUSPECTED OF BE
ING THE ACCOMPLICE OF PAT CROWE IN THE ABDUCTION OF
EDWARD CUDAHY JR.
To all Intents arid purposes the cat was
dead a few seconds after the current wan
first turned on. Two hours later when
the current had been reversed ft was a
very much alive cat, ready for a mouse
or a midnight promenade. TeBla has con
ducted experiments on the same line, but
the: period of suspended animation was
never bo ' long ' in - the ' cases ; he treated, ¦
N. Schellinger, an electrician of Chi
cago, In the presence of a number of per
sons Interested in the progress* of science,
electrocuted a cat. When the heart of the
feline had long- ceased to beat he reversed
the current and the 'shock restored the
heart beats— faintly at first, but grrowlng
In strength until finally the cat was re
leased and - was ¦ as playful and frisky as
It ever had been, none the worse for Its
electrocution.
ST. JOSEPH, Mo., Dec. 2S.-At an ex
periment In the telephone office In this
city to-day it was demonstrated that life
taken by , electricity can be restored by
the same power.
Sl>eci&l Dispatch to The Call
Chieago Expert Conducts
a Novel Experi
ment.
ELECTRICITY
BRINGS DEAD
CAT TO LIFE
ing.< It now appears that the Pegasus
grounded off Lavcrnock Point, but shie
was subsequently Heated and towed to a
place of shelter. When she grounded her
boats were made rrarly for lowering and
the falls of one of them carried away,
precipitating five men into the water.
They were- all drowned with the exception
of the s-ailor landed at Cardiff. This man
was picked up by a tup.
"Wales appears to have Buffered the
worst effect of the g.i'.e, both on land and
Fea. but everywhere the telegraph wires
are much disorganized and reports V.re
therefore incomplete.' Cons!dera*-.!r; -ci'-vn-
Thursday morninj? there arrived at the
boarding house a tall, handsome brunette,
who was received rapturously by s 'Mr.
Ruggles," who fairly loaded the room
with fresh flowers in her honor. They
drove around all day together and had
dinner at the house. They seemed to be
very much In love with each other. Pr*-
Johnson used to take breakfast at the
Gleeson boardir.g ho*-p. His other meals
he took at the Welland cafe. He received
numerous letters during the next few
days, explaining, to the landlady that they
were from his wife.
Kev. Mr. Johnson arrived here on the
morning of December S and took one of
peveral trunks which accompanied him to
his room at the Windsor. "Mrs. Mont
gomery" was not to be seen, but as a
bill for two was paid no one asked any
questions. He left there on Monday
morning, the 10th, and was driven to a
private boarding house kept by • Miss
Gleeson at 51 Beaver Hall Hill, having
told the cabman that he wanted a nice,
quiet boarding house. He told Miss Glee
son that his name was Mr. Ruggles, and
that he wished to remain with her for a
few days. He had with him at the time a
steamer trunk and a valise and was given
a front room. He began decorating the
room with flowers, telling Miss Gleeson
that his wife was coming shortly and
would firo with him to England.
MONTREAL, Dec. 2S.— It has just been
'established beyond reasonable doubt that
Rev. James Le Baron Johnson, formerly
chaplain of the New York Fire Depart
ment, and a young woman whose identity
is not established ppent some time in
Montreal this month and left this city on
the 33th, just in time to catch the Allan
line steamship Tunisian, which sailed on
the 15th for Liverpool. The reverend gen
tleman's actions while here were of a' de
cidedly strange nature, but no one
bothered about him except the clerks of
the Windsor Hotel, where he roomed
alone. The cause of their wonder was
¦why he should register as "Mr. and Mrs.
Montgomery, Louisville, Ky.," when as
a matter of fact he was to all appear
ances alone in the city.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Handsome % Brunette Accompanies Clergy
man on the Voyage.
REV. LE BARON JOHNSON
SAILS FOR LIVERPOOL
vious to the lady's arrival Johnson had
secured two first class, cabin passages on
the steamship Tunisian, which' sailed last
Saturday for Liverpool. One of the cabins
was for a lady. The two left Montreal on
the Intercolonial Railway and it is estab
lished that they reached Halifax and
sailed on the steamship.
'Miss Gleepon says that Mr. Ruggles was
a quiet and pleasant gentleman, but did
little talking. Some of the relatives of
the gentleman htrve been in Montreal
with private detectives, and though much
pains have been taken to allow nothing to
get out, these facts are beyond dispute.
NEW YORK, Dec. 2S— At the home of
Archdeacon Johnson at NeWfBrightof,
Staten Island, it was said to-night that
no word had been received from James
Le Baron Johnson and that all his family
knew of him was learned through the
newspapers. Mrs. Johnson spent to-day
at her father-in-law's house, and it was
learned that her mother had gone to
Pennsylvania to visit friends. Miss Jchn
son said her brother had not been home
for at least six months and had been suf
fering from nervous prostration, which
took the form of great nervous depres
sion. -His resignation, she said, was vol
untarily made about two months ago, and
this depression of spirits, which utterly
changed, him, was the only reason the
family could assign' for his absence.
. The. fact that Mr. Johnson was formally
deposed from the ministry of the Protest
ant Episcopal church about a week ago
has become known to his friends in th:s
city. He was deposed at his own request
and the announcement of his deposition
states that there is no reflection upon his
moral character in the proceedings.
No News of Miss Hoffman.
NEW YORK, Dec. 28.-At Be.'levue
Training School fcr Nurses It was said
to-day that nothing had been heard of
Miss May Hoffman, the missing San
Franciscan, since her disappearance.
Miss . Brennan, the head nurse, said to
The Call correspondent .to-night that she
had 'not heard from the relatives of Miss
Hoffman In San Francisco.
age to property inland is certain to be
reported. Some fifty barges and sailing
craft broke from their moorings In the
Thames alone. At Oswestry a theater
was destroyed.
PARIS, Dec. 29.— Storms of extreme vio
lence have swept the west and northwest
coasts of. France. There has'been.some
loss of life, together with considerable
damage to shipping.
Colonel Buck Returning.
ATLANTA. Ga.. Dec. 2S.— A private tele
gram received here to-day f roni Colonel
A; E. Buck, . United States Minister to
Japan, says he sailed to-day for San
Francisco, en route home
him the bloody hammer. But this forced
promise Mrs. Letts, had ,nc . intention oC
keeping, for on v the following day she
went to'SanVJose, according to arrange
ment, and married Boyer.
"I called it a 'sledgehammer* promise,'*
Mrs. Boyer explains, "and I didn't pro
pose to stand by it."
Wednesday night Woodcock, learning of
the marriage, visited . the home of the
Boyers on Mission street. He was in
toxicated and demanded that he be ad
mitted. His language was fierce and
wild and he sat on the_ doorstep for three
hours, leaving shortly after 1 o'clock
Thursday morning. This ¦ act enraged
Mrs. Boyer and Thursday afternoon she
visited the Hall . of Justice, where she
procured a warrant for the arrest of the
disturber, charging him with assault with
a deadly weapon. , Mrs. Boyer also said
that Woodcock had sworn. to get revenge
for the loss of her hand.
The warrant was sent to the Seven
teenth-street station and an . officer dis
patched to Woodcock's room, which was
in a house adjoining that occupied by the
Boyers, to arrest him. ¦ ¦ Woodcock had
heard that the policemen were on his trail
and when the sleuth came he was not
there to receive him. Officers spent most
of yesterday trying to find him, but their
search was unsuccessful. The first Inti
mation the police got concerning Wood
cock's whereabouts was furnished by the
Morgue deputies last night, when the body
was' taken out of a Sixth-street lodging
house, where the man had destroyed his
own life with carbolic acid.
About 7 o'clock : Thursday night Wood
cock applied at the Saratoga House, US
Sixth street, for a room. He said he de
sired good apartments and after paying
the clerk 50 cents departed. to return in a.
short time. . The guest went to bed and
In compliance with a cable request from
Rear . Admiral Remev, commander in
chief of the Asiatic station. Rear Admiral
Bndicott. chief of the Bureau of Yards
and Docks, has fgrwarded to Guam large
quantities of material to make repairs to
buildings destroyed in the recent typhoon,
which resulted In the loas of the Yosem-
Ite. The authorities ftxpeot the Newark
to arrive at Manila in a few days, wher.
details of, the devastation caused by the
storm will bo cabled by Rear Admiral
Kempft to Washington,
CALX. HEADQUARTERS, 1K9 Q
STREET N. W., WASHINGTON. Dec.
28. — Secretary Lone haa purchased for the
United States Government another Pacific
island. This island is under the American
flag and lies in the harbor of San Lull
de Apra, Guam. It is proposed to use It ad
a site for a coaling station. The price paid
for the Island was $300 in American gold.
It 19 130 acres in extent, is healthful and.
it is believed, will make an admirable
slte;for the projected station. The, Island
was owned by several prominent natives
of Guam, who, officials say, will live in
affluence as a result of the sale.
Special IMspctch to The Call
Uncle Sam Closes a Deal
With Guam Na
tives. •
PURCHASES
AN ISLAND IN
THE PACIFIC
When seen last night Mrs. Boyer did not
manifest much grief -at the thought that
Woodcock had taken hi3 own life. In hey
own way she retold the story cf the as
sault and spoke of the kindness she had
bestowed on the man for years on ac
count of her sympathy for him. j She hart
no intimation that he would take his own
life, but rather had expected him to try to
take hers. In fact, she hart prepared to
give him a. warm reception if he ever
dared to visit her again.
Coroner's Deputies Meehan and Dona
' hue searched the body and In one of the
pockets found a letter that had beeti hast
ily written. In his farewell note Woodcock
charged the woman with having wrecked
his life. He told her of hi3 friendship
and asked the Lord to forgive her. as he
could not. He denied the charge that he
used a sledgehammer to press his suit,
and said that he came to the house on
the evening In question at the woman's
solicitation.
late yesterday afternoon failed to respond
to the call of the chambermaid. The door
of the room was forced and he was found
dead on the bed, with two empty carbolic
acid bottles beside him.
t
PRINCIPALS IN A TRAGEDY
THAT IS ENDED IN A LODG
ING-HOUSE.
- • ¦
¦;'>rar;atfcn-af.Gut- Crowe .which vfili-lcad to
his arrest" ' She Is 30 years "old,"lighl"com
plexion, tall, large, with £ray blue eyes.
The detectives are very anxious to lo
cate Lizzie Rums, who is alleged to have
been an intimate friend of Crowe. The
Burns woman was employed at hotels in
South Omaha up to the time of the Cud
ahy abduction, since which event she has
not^been seen. She was seen with Crowe
both in South Omaha and Chicago. While
she r.:ay not have been connected with
the crime, the police feel sure they can,
by locating her, secure some valuable in-
1
er is the lifth person who saw this man
who has identified him with a likeness of
Crowe, and the police now feel sure that
he is one cf the men wanted.
OMAHA. Neb.. Doc. 2S.-Daniel Bur
ris to-day positively Identified, at
Pacific Junction. Iowa, the pony
left there mysteriously in the
barn of Mrs. Mack the day follow
ing the Cudahy abduction as one he 50HI
to a man answering the description of Pat
Crowe a few days before the abduction.
Mrs. Thomas B. Cooper, a married
daughter of Burris, was to-day shown a
collection of twenty-five photographs tak
en f cm the rogues" gallery and nsked to
select, if she could, one or more which re
sembled the "light complcxioned" man
who called to bfly the pony. She at once
picked out two of th« p+ratoff-'Phs TvhJch-
«•*»« ins »ur* -were those of this man. The
pictures were those of Crowe. Coop-
Special- Cable to' The Call; And New York Her-'
aid. * " Copyrlsht," 1900, \ by the Herald Pub
lishisg Company. -j
VIENNA. Dec. 28.— Reports which have
arrived here frcm Bucharest give an ac
count of a new configuration of the Balk
ans of the greatest political, interest,
which, ; If it should turn out to be true,
will . throw ¦ curious light on ' the relations
of Germany and Austria" to Russia. It is
said ; In the ; Bucharest . press that at the
suggestion of Count j yon Bulow an of
fensive and defensive /alliance : has been
concluded between Turkey and Roumania,
which \ was directed ¦against." any -power
which would try to disturb the peace In
the Balkans. -This -Is perhaps only:de
signed "to distract Russia's attention , to a
certain degree from the Chinese" problem.
With a viewto paralyzing this alliance,
an "-entente has been " ' come to between
Servia and Bulgaria, under the patronage
.of i Russia. In well-informed circles :n
Vienna the. news was| at first registered
without comment. ¦ but the ' fact that .the
information ?has' been • circulated"'; allows
the conclusion being drawn that. the con
vention \ between ' Russia and 'Austria re
garding, the Balkans -is no longer, as solid
as tit v. formerly: was.
STRIVING FOR
SUPREMACY IN
THE BALKANS
Germapy and Austria
MaKinpf Trouble
Affair' Russia.
Ten years ago Woodcock became
acquainted with Mrs. Flora Letts, then a
widow about 30, years of age. He was
about ten years her senior. He had Just
arrived from England, where he had re
.cently.'burled his wife and left his. four
children" in 'the charge of relatives. Wood
cock rented a room in Mrs. Letts* house
at 2677 Mission street and lived there un
til three weeks ago. He was delicate In
health and Mrs. Letts cared for him and
nursed him. The friendship / Woodcock
held for his landlady ripened Into love
and for the past year he had been -her
most ardent admirer, hoping all the while
that she would become his wife. Mrs.
Letts sympathized with the man, but
¦would not reciprocate his love. Woodcock
secured a position as a motorman on the
Folsom-street line and held it for a num
ber of years.
A short time ago C. H. Boyer. a con
ductor on the Fillmore-street line, com
menced paying court to the widow and
at length their engagement was an
nounced. Woodcock heard of this and he
became desperate. He pleaded with the
widow to forget her new suitor and mar
ry him. His pleadings were in vain and
the marriage of Mrs. Letts and Boyer was
set for last Sunday.
On Saturday night, so Mrs. Letts claims,
Woodcock visited her. Earlier in the day
he had sent the widow a set of dishes as
a wedding present, and the object of hla
visit in the evening, he said, was to ex-*
tend congratulations. Instead of finding
Woodcock reconciled to the loss of "his
suit, Mrs* Letts discovered that he still
desired her love, and he again demanded
her promise that she would marry him.
She refused to listen to him, and then it
was that he seized her by the throat, and
after trying to strangle her, drew a
sledgehammer from under his coat and
struck her/on the head with it, until,
finding that he would murder her, \ she
gave the long-sought-for . promise and
"Woodcock left the house, carrying with
v-r -^fr T7 HEN George F. Woodcock, a
N\ )\ / motorman on the Bryant-
Yy street electric car line, pressed
" V his suit for the hand and heart
of Mrs. Flora Letts, now Mrs.
Boyer. he emphasized his love with a
sledgehammer, so the lady 'says. • Later
when his ardent and "mechanical" woo
ing availed him naught and the object of
his affections was led to the altar by a
conductor on the Fillmcre-street line, he
serenaded the newly married pair In. a
wild arid weird fashion and swore that he
would have their blood. Last night he
was found a suicide in .a -lodging-house,
with a letter in his pocket telling of un
requited love and a wasted life. While
he lay lifeless and cold, officers were
searching the city for him. that he might
answer for his rough. wooing with the
sledgehammer. Knowing this, he had
sought seclusion and cheated justice in
death. "»
LONDON, Dec. Z*.— There has been a
recurrence cf storrr.«= and violent gale? in
the channel and considerable damage has
been wrought ashore. Telegraph lines are
down in many places. The loss of life
has been appalling.
The British bark Primrose Hill, from
Liverpool December 23 for Vancouver,
drifted up the channel under bare poles.
Despite efforts to save her, the Primrose
Hill went on the Ferahos rocks three
rr.IIes off SouthFtack. not far from Holy
hrad. She broke in two and went to
pieces in a few minutes. One man out
nf the crew of thirty-five men was saved
by a lifeboat.
Some time before she struck, the Prim
rose Hill dropped her anchor?, but moun
tainous peas were running. No sooner
had th»» ill-fated Fhip touched the rocks
than the three after masts went over
board and she broke in twain, leaving only
ih" frrpmast standing. Throe minutes
later this went also. The vessel was soon
pmashf d. The Hibemia stood by through
nut, but was powerless to aid. The Holy
lirad s=ieam lifeboat made three vain at
fempts to reach the Primrose Hill. Th<?
litter's crew was huddled on the poop
v.hen a hupre ?ea dashed over the vessel,
vcshfng all away yave one sailor, who
xva* finally hurled against the rocks, sus
taining terrible injuries.
Incrtsaiit reports of innumerable ship
ping casualties show that the gale "was
r-nc of the worst known in many years.
Pj-r>hahi.v several days will elapse before
i!)e fxif, Carnage becomes known. In ad
dition to some vessels not yet identified,
several have been wrecked or placed in
preat danger, the fate of some of the
cross-channel eteamers being In doubt.
For instance, the Great Western Railway
Company's steamer plying between Mll
fnrd end Waterford is twelve hours over
due, and no tidings of her have yet been
received. It would be impossible to enu
merate all the minor casualties.
In response to rockets from Kddystone
I>ight, Plymouth sent a dockyard tug.
with ft lifeboat, to assist with what was
reported to be a large steamer in distress
In the channel. The tug returned and re
ported the total loss of the steamer with
all hands.
A terrible accident took place near
7>u - itvn. The breakwater at Watchet
Harbor yielded to the force of the pale
p.r.d became a wreck, permitting a tre
mendous sea to have full play against the
flipping in the harbor. Several vessels
l>i*ok" adrift; two foundered and five oth
ers wcr» driven into a hopeless tangle in
e corner between a pier and a wharf,
where they lay grinding each other. Their
masts and bulwarks speedily went, and
their hulls were greatly battered. The
nnmare will reach many thousands of
The Austrian bark Capricorn was driven
ffjfhore Dear Bude. Cornwall. Nine of the
rrfT were drowns, one was saved and
1n:ir are still nn board, with little" likeli
hood nf bring rrsru<J_ a< they arc unable
to avail themselves of the rocket ap
paratus. Two other vessels are ashore on
the Cornwall coasr.
Several were stov» in at IIfraeomb<»
harbor. The bark Pagna was wrecked of£
Trevine, near Cardiff, three of her crew
being drowned and r.ine others being res
cued by rocket lines.
Her Majesty's ship Black Prince, at
Queen«town. and her Majesty's ship
Teaser, at Portsmouth, were both badly
t atn aped.
The steamer Zesiro collided with an
other steamer near Cliveden, in the Brit
ish Channel. A lifeboat rescued nine of
The mall steamer Victoria, while ship
ping xnalla and baggage yesterday at
Folkestone, broke from her moorings and
was obifged to put tc eca. It is not known
whether she has taken shelter or proceed
ed to Calais.
The Spanish fcteamship Enreuri was
<?Tiven ashore at the Portland breakwater.
The Wcymouth lifeboat attempted to res
r-je her crew, but the fearful seas run
ning prevented the&J. It is believed they
ran be saved. Twenty-two of the crew
manaced to reach the breakwater, but
five arc ftill on board. It Is feared that
the Enreuri will list and fill.
The British steamship Penopol. from
Suhna November .23 for Dublin, Is ashore
ors the sands bet .Yen Aberavon and
Briton. No fatalities »%ye occurred.
The British steamFhii*.> Jersey City,
which arrived at Btlstol on December 3
from New York, reports that she had a
boisterous passage and that on December
IK In latitude 50 N. and longitude 30 W.
*he. labored and strained heavily, ship
ping quantities of water and had rails and
FtanchSons broken.
The British steamship Rosefield, which
arrived at Antwerp on December C2 from
P>n£acola, lost part of her decklcad on
the voyage.
Later dispatches from Cardiff indicate
that the Pepasu*. which was reported
loet, ha* not foundered. The statement
cf her less of'cir.ared with the sailor from
her crew who landed at Cardiff this morn-
Tliirty-Four Men Go Down
With the Bark Prim
rose Hill.
Tug Sent to Aid Large Steamer in
the Channel Reports the Vessel's
Disappearance.
Many Ships Founder
Oil ttie English
Coast.
APPALLING
LOSS OF LIFE
IN A STORM
"If 'General Miles did not look Into the
question 'of food for the Santiago expedi
tion; if he did not consult with the com
manding, general of that expedition con
cerning the ration to be taken with the
troops and: its method of preparation; if
he dld'not consult with the chief commis
sary of that expedition concerning, this'
important feature; of. the campaign,,. he
was as culpable as though , he had failed
to: inspect ; all ; other v important matters,
such. as ammunition, transportation,. etc.,
and he must share whatever responsibil
ity; attached 'to the use of canned fresh
beef on transports." - .
"General, Alger quotes the inspector gen
eral; of , the army in praise of the conduct
of the commissary department during the
wai\ and in conclusion says: "The charges
of ' General Miles, twice proven false In
spirit and substance, are ¦ therefore more
heinous in their; effect: :.Yet the.present
Congress promoted General Miles : to; be
lieutenant general, and has thus fair failed
to civp to General. Shatter* the runk of
major "general to .retire"; upon in: his old
age; and this after his ma gnlflcent cam
paign 'at Santiago! as ; well; as his former
dlstingUKhfed" service. '"-.'¦
General Alger adds a. warm tribute to
the energy, honesty and zeal of General
Eagan, who, he says, was nearly pros
trated from overwork. He then says:
"General allies should have known that
neither the Secretary of War nor Com
missary General could legally alter nor
add to the rations of the army. The
ration is fixed by law, and its components
can be changed only by the President of
the United States. An examination of
the records, of the War Department; or
inquiry of the Commissary Gen
eral would have speedily developed
the fact that canned fresh beef (or, as it
is known, canned roast beef) had . been
recognized as part of the army ration for
nearly a quarter of a century.
After showing that . canned beef was
made part of the army travel ration in
IS"!*, General Alger continues: "The alle
gations of. General Miles that canned
fresh beef was not a part of the army ra
tion and that it -was issued • under the
pretense of an experiment were not only
contrary to fact but were made absolutely,
without a particle of evidence or excuse.
If General •¦ Miles really believed hla se
rious charges his conduct la all the more
blameworthy in that he apparently made
no effort to assure himself of their truth
fulness, nor to report them to the' Secre
tary Of War before publicly uttering
them. - :
General Alger's article is announced a3
• th© «tbstance , of -^<?liapt«cv fcwhis forth,
oominp -book* on •' the'i3i>aiwfcli-A,n»erI«in
war.
General Alger calls attention to the
fact that General ' Miles appeared before
the commission investigating the conduct
of the War Department on December 21,
1898, and that he "refused to be sworn or
affirmed, as every other of 495 witnesses
had been, declaring in substance that he
would make his statements without be
ing sworn, and % was responsible for what
he said." '.
General Alger quotes the allegations of
bad meat by General Miles, which he de
clares "grave . and scandalous." He
quotes, . also, a published interview in
which General Miles repeated his charges,
and declares "that the general's written
and official reply was "evasive and
equivocal."
"Upon Commissary General Charles P.
Eagan." says the former secretary,
"the charges fell with the suddenness and
sharpness of a blow from an assassin's
!<nlfe out of the dark." :/',;'
NEW YORK, Dec. 23.— Russell A. Alger.
formerly Secretary of War. publishes In
the forthcoming number of the North
American Review an article ' on "The
Food oi the Army During the Spanish-
American War," which Is a very bitter
attack upon Lieutenant General Miles, a
very warm eulogy of General Charles P.
Eagan, former commissary general of the
army, and a very sharp denial that the
beef furnished to the troops during the
war was "embalmed," unfit for food or
the cause of illness.
General Alger docs not mince words in
his comments upon the commander, of the
army. He calls General Miles* charges
against the beef "scandalous." "contrary
to fact," and "made absolutely without a
particle of evidence or excuse." He says,
too. that "it does not appear that General
Miles was even honest" in making the
charges, and he discredits and sneers at
the volunteer surgeon who declared he
found chemicals in the beef served to the
soldiers.
In bis defense of General Eagan. the for
mer Secretary praises that officer as
"honest and able," and declares that his
vituperative language in his reply to Gen
eral Miles was "conceived in an. indigna
tion pardonable, perhaps, in its existence,,
but ifnpardonable in its mode of expres
sion."
Special Dispatch to The Call
Ix-Secretaiy Charges the Army's
Commander With Dishonesty
and Insincerity.
Eulogizes Eagan and De
clares There Was No,
"Embalmed Beef." .
Flays the General in
|| a Magazine
ALGER OPENS
HIS ASSAULT
UPON MILES
VOLUME /LXXXIX-NO. 29.
SAN FRANCISCO, SATURDAY, DECEMBER 29, 1900.
PEICE FIVE CENTS.
Daniel Burris Identifies the Pony
Ridden by a Gudahy Kidnaper
as One He Sold to the Suspect
ADDS NEW LINK TO
CHAIN OF EVIDENCE
AGAINST PAT CROWE
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL.HENRI ROCHEFORT, WHOSE RENEWED CHARGES IN THE "INTRAN
SIGEANT" AGAINST DREYFUS BID FAIR TO HEOPEN THE OLD
SCANDAL INVOLVrXG THE ARMY OF FRANCE.
Be sure you are right and then go side
ways—if you are a crab.
Steamship Homeric Floated.
MIAMI, Fku, Dec. 2S.-The British
steamship Homeric, coal laden for Mexico
which went ashore Christmas day was
floated to-day and Is bHnp towed to Key
WASHINGTON , Dec. 2R.-The Hartford
sailed s yesterday 7 from Curacao . to ; Lagu
ayra.-.Venezuela.':She will remain In Vene
zuelan-waters looking after.f American in
terests.Captain Hawley co-operating with
Minister . Loomis, " probably " until ; relieved
by the Lancaster, also a training ship.
Hartford leaves, Curacao.
Californians in New York.
E. J. Crocs of San FranciFco Is at the
Amsterdam; C. N. Felton Jr. of San
Francisco is at the Holland; J. A. More
;and of Fan Francisco Is at the Albert-
Miss Noble, Mrs. Noble of San Francisco
ire at the Grand Union. Mrs. O. P.
Downing:. Mips Downing- of Oakland are
tt the Kverett: H. V. Swain of Stockton
s at the Bartholdi.
WALSENBERG. Cola, Dec. 28— A bliz
zard has been raging In this part of tho
State during the past thirty-six hours
Cattlemen expect to lose much stock on
ranges. Serious misgiving are exp?e«4d
for the safety of miner* who are working
In the Coronado and other mines on
Mount Elaneo. These miners are penned
in at an altiture of eleven thousand feet
Stidn res'un.^ beC ° me SCarCe "« »S-
Penned In by Snow, With but Scant
MINERS MAY STARVE.
3 LOUISVILL.E. Dec. ;2S.— About 1500 peo
ple employed in the 6ternrnery of the Con
tinental Tobacco Company, went on strike
this afternoon.' .They demanded /an .ad
vance of 25 cents a hundred for. stemming
When * their, demand for an ; increase was
refused they left the building.
Tobacco- Workers Strike.
NEW YORK. Dec. ; 28— The action
brought by Tom L. Johnson /to restrain
It. T. Wilson & Co. from carrying out
an agreement with Pack- & Everett for
the purchase and consolidation of the'De
troit street railways and for the appoint
ment of a receiver was. discontinued to
day by mutual consent. ¦
Railway Magnates Compromise.
CHICAGO, Dec. 23.— Dr. D. K. Pearsons
of Chicago, who several months ago pub
licly announced his purpose of giving his
fortune, estimated at several millions, to
small colleges and other deserving insti
tutions, the gifts to be made during hia
lifetime, to-day Increased the donations
already made by $70,000. •
To Grand Prairie College of Onarga
111., he gave $20,000. Lake Forest Univer
sity received $25,000. A check for $25 000
was sent to a school the name of which
is unannounced. The gifts were contin
gent on the raising of $245,000 by the three
colleges, which has already been done.
D. K. Pearsons of Chicago Gives Away
$70,000 More to Colleges. - -
MAKES FURTHER DONATIONS.
INDIANAPOLIS. Dec. 2S.-B. A. Jen
nings of Columbus. Ohio, has filed suit
In the United States court against about
twenty citizens, men and women, -of
Washington County. . Ind., for $210 000
damages. He claims they whitecapped
him on January 30. 1900. and persecuted
his family until they were forced to leave
the State. Jennings ran a newspaper in
Salem. He claims the people of the
coiin-try are so Intermarried that thev
control ¦ the social, religious and political
Institutions of that vlcinitv. and when
they undertook to control the policy of
his paper he ppposed them.
Editor Jennings Asks S2OO,OOO From
Citizens of Washington
County, Ind.
SUES TOR DAMAGES FOR
HAVING BEEN WHTTECAPPED
J LIMAr-P^rti. Dec. «.— The* British line' coast
steamers will : Inaugurate a new service to San
Francisco,' the steamer Guatemala sailing from
Callao ' and Port - Limon January 3-
' DEKAL.B, . Mo..' Dec. ; 28.— Charles May.
an" ex -convict. ; shot and killed Robert
Martin and fatally, wounded ¦ John : Mo-
Gee at adance near De Kalb last night.
May recently -was released from the Mis
souri . penitentiary." where he . served a
term-with his uncle: for the murder of a
farmer named Burdette. He has not
been, apprehended, v .
WASHINGTON, Dec. 28.— The State De
partment has received no moneyas yet
on account of the Turkish Indemnity
class. Nor has it had any connection with
the deal which has been made by .the
Crampswith the Turkish Government for
the inclusion of the amount of | the
rtpmnitv in the price ' to be paid for a
waTship by the Turkish Government. -But
it docs know that such contract has been
made, and it also has had for its own
part promises from the Govern
ment that the claims shall be paid. So
if the money comes through the Cramps
it will be accepted, as the State Depart
ment recognizes the right of ¦, the Porte
to select any - messenger It may ' choose
to transmit the money. -All that Is neces
sary to make ; the transaction proper Us
that the fact shall clearly appear on the
records that the money is paid by the
Turkish Government to the Government
of the United States, which will distrib
ute It among; the claimants adjudged to
be entitled to compensation.
m ' " »
Killed by ex-Convict.
State Department Has Ho Connection
With the Sultan's Deal With
the Cramps. .
• DETROIT, Dec. 2S. — A mall pouch con
taining $100,000 in negotiable paper and an
waknown b mount of money was stolen
frWn the Michigan Central passenger sta
tion at Wyandotte, Mich., some time last
nigiyf.
The- fast mail for Wyandotte arrives at
10:28. on the Michigan Central, and owing
to the lateness of the hour it Is left In
the station till* morning. When the two
mall sacks were thrown .from the train
last night. Nifht Operator Rlchert threw
the pouches under a seat in the corner of
the waiting-room. He then went to his
home In Detroit. To-day when Mall Car
rier John McCleary came to the- station
for the mail sacks he missed one. About
the same time George Bessy, a driver of
HAS AS YET RECEIVED
NO COIN FROM TURKEY
J. B. Ford Jr. said he expected a draft
to-day from New York for $40,000. The
draft did not come and It Is believed that
the robber or robbers took it, with other
valuable papers, from the pouch.
an oil wagron. reportetTat the station that
a pouch, ripped open and empty, was be
hind an oil tank a short distance from the
station. At about the same time two em
ployes of the J. B. Ford Alkali Works
found a number of checks and opened en
velopes strewn along the railroad track.
Postmaster Johnson of Wyandotte was
notified and went nt once to the scene.
The trail of the thief was marked along
the railroad track by strewn letters,
checks and drafts. Most of the mail was
intended for the J. B. Ford Company and
a force of clerks was sent out to collect
the letters strewn along the track.
Fears There Will Be Delay.
WASHINGTON. Dec. 28.— The "Chinese
Embassy here Is without information on
the reports that Emperor Kwang Su does
not approve the demands ' submitted by
the powers. For some days; however, the
view has prevailed , In" Chinese .' quarters
that the terms were ; so : harsh that'll
would be difficult to obtain an tzz***,*
Chinese Embassy at Washington
VICTORIA, B. C, Dec. 28.— The Boxers
are now threatening trouble in Korea. In
cluded in the advices received by the Rlo-
Jun Maru is news given by the Seoul cor
respondent of the Kobe Herald that proc
lamations have been posted in Seoul by
HI Hung Hick and his party calling upon
the Korean Boxers to expel all foreigners,
including the Japanese. HI Hung Hick
Is the man who caused air the trouble
in connection with the gold mining con
cessions. There is no doubt whatever
?hat be is one of the prime movers in the
growing anti-foreign movement.' says the
correspondent, and Is landing help to the
Korean Boxers. The Korean rebels are
reported to have badly assaulted two
American missionaries, taking everything
the missionaries possessed from them, in
the south of Korea. In Chemulpo, too.
many ani-foreign posters have been found
and some alarm is felt at the growth of
the anti-foreign movement.
CONSIDERS TERMS TOO HARSH.
Proclamations.
BOXERS THREATEN KOREA.
Hi Hung Hick Issues Anti-Foreign
LONDON.' Dec. 23.— "Private advices
from the province of Shansi say," wires
the Shanghai correspondent of the Stand
ard, "that while the court was sojourning
at Taiyenfu the Empress Dowager secret
ly appointed a new Emperor, with the title
of Ting Hsu. He is a 15-year-old boy. who
was taken to Slnganfu in the Imperial yel
low chair. This explains the permission
given to Emperor Kwang Su to return to
Peking. Emperor Kwang Su has notified
the reform party that he is returning to
the capital and will need their assistance."
PEKING. Dec. 2S.— A note was received
last evening from the Imperial court at
Slnganfu acknowledging the receipt of the
demands of the powers. It further con
tained five questions, or requests, namely:
First— Might not the Taku forts remain
standing.' though dismantled?
Second— Is it proposed to behead the
Princes the same as other offenders?
Third— If the demands are acceded to,
would the allies cease sending out expedi-
Kou'rth— What places do the allies pro
pope to occupy?
Fifth-How long to they propose to oc
cupy them? . __ .
BERLIN. Dec. 28.— The War Office has
received the following from Count von
Waldersee : '
"PEKING, Dec. 27.— A column com
manded by Major von Mau will start to
morrow for Shanho-HsUn to co-operate
with the Grucher expedition, which left
Tientsin December 19 for Yuen-Tientsin.
An American detachment will leave Pe
king to-morrow via Hiangho-Hsien with
the same object. The Chinese who were
defeated by the French December 22 fled
in a southerly direction."
VICTORIA. B. C, Dec. 28.— The Japan
Daily Mail translates telegrams from the
JijI, a Japanese vernacular' paper, telling
of the arrest of the private dicretary of
Li Hung Chang by . the allies on the
charge of having been "found riholding
communication with Boxers. In the vicin
ity of Peking. The dispatches 'say that
the arrest Is being kept secret. !.They do
not give any details., -
Li'a Secretary Arrested.
In some diplomatic quarters It is be
lieved that the reported opposition of the
Emperor will not lead to a rejection of
the demand, but to the submission of a
counter proposition of Inquiry from. China.
This Is considered the natural course of
diplomatic controversy, and it would
have the advantage to China of saving
her rights to accept the terms at a latter
period, while In the meantime seeking to
reduce their severity.
The State Department . has received
nothing from Minister Conger to indicate
that the Emperor opposes the acceptance
of the peace terms. The officials hero
continue to be hopeful that there will be
an early acceptance. The points referred
to as objectionable to the, Chinese, chiefly
the maintenance of legation guards,
not regarded here as likely to form 5*
rious barri'era to an agreement, as all of
the powers probably will give visible evi
dence at an early day of their purpose
to reduce the legation guard as soon as
China shows good faith in accepting the
conditions. . \ •
ance. A report was in circulation in, dip
lomatic quarters that one of /the Chinese
envoys was opposed to accepting the
terms, but it Is not knr^n whether this
report came from any authoritative
source. It was understood also that LI
Hung Chang's illness might have some
effect in retarding the negotiations.
Empress Dowager Secretly Attempts the
Displacement of Kwang Su.
APPOINTS A YOUNG BOY
TO BE RULER OF CHINA
PARIS, Dec. 2S.— The letter from
Dreyfus to Premier Waldeck ¦
Rousseau, demanding a new hear
ing, has set Paris ablaze with ex
citement. The Nationalists will
hold a secret conclave to decide upon
what action to take in view of the threat
ened revival of this celebrated "affair,"
which will not "down."
The Impression prevails that Dreyfus Is
now In this city. Some usually well-in
formed persons Insist that his letter to the
Premier was carefully prepared after con
sultation with various distinguished men,
one of them being especially conspicuous.
The absence of any date to the letter Is
•pointed to as evidence that Dreyfus is
here.
Dreyfus' letter was provoked by Henri
Rochefort's assertion in the "Intransi
geant" that Dreyfus sent to Emperor "W 11 •
liam in 1894 a document stolen from the
German embassy In Paris, which docu-
The wise Nationalist heads severely
blame Rochefort for precipitating a n6w
dilemma. Several leaders in the Senate
and Chamber who were interviewed sim
ply expressed satisfaction at Dreyfus' dig
nified denunciation of Rochefort's state
ment and said they expect that an Investi
gation would be granted. Rochefort.
proud of having raised a rumpus, talks
hotly about traitors and declares that
Dreyfus' letter is a bluff.
ment constituted direct evidence of the
crime "for which," the ex-captain write j,
"I have been twice condemned unjustly."
Everybody believes that if an inquiry is
accorded it will mean a revival of the
case. The Nationalists are | palpably
alarmed lest Dreyfus' former counsel,
now stronger than ever, may find a fo>
midable majority In both Houses of the
Legislature; that, goaded by the insults
of the opposition, will order an investiga
tion, which will result in another court
martial on the ground that new evidence
has been discovered.
Lord William was married In \¥X> to LIlv
Warren, daughter of the late Commodore
Cicero Price. U. S. N.. of New York, and
widow of the eighth Duke of Maryborough
and has a Fon. William Warren de la Poer
born February 4. 1S37.
Lord Beresford, V. C. K. C. L E., the
third son of the fourth Marquis of Water
ford, was born on July 20. 1S47. and was
educated at Eton. He joined the Ninth
Lancers In 1S67. served in Zululand In 1!<71>.
where he obtained the Victoria Cross, and
was lieutenant colonel of the Ninth
Lancer3 from 1S0O to 1S34. He was aide-de
camp to Lord Lytton when Viceroy of
India, from IST'o to 1SSQ. and acted as mili
tary secretary to Lords Ripon, Dufferin
and Lansdowne during their respective
tenures of the viceroyalty, from 1SS2 to.
1S94.
LONDON, Deo. 29.— Lord 'William Les
lie de la Poer Beresford died at midnight.
aged 53 years.
Famous Officer of the Brit
ish Army Galled by the
Grim Reaper.
LORD WILLIAM
BERESFORD DEAD
Humors of De-wet's Surrender
LONDON. Dec. 23.— Persistent rumors
are in circulation in London, and on the
Continent that General Dewet has been
captured. The British Chartered Soutli
Africa Company received this Informa
tion from a source in which it is accus
tomed to place implicit confidence. Tha
War Office, however, is without any con
firmation of the report.
Michigan Central Depot a: Wyandotte Scene
of Successful Haul.
he visited England on a special military
mission and was rewarded with the
Order of the Red Eagle, fourth class,
with swords. On January IS. 1853. he was
advanced to the rank of major in th^j
Grand General Starf. In 1R59 he became
personal adjutant of Prince Frederick
Charles, on July 2, I860, becoming colonel
and commander of the Thirty-first and
later of the Seventy-first regiment.
In 1S61 he accompanied General von
Bonln to. the British Court and became
the conductor of the foreign officers at
the autumn maneuvers on the Rhine and
military companion of the' Crown Prince
of Saxony at the coronation in Konlgs
berg. Colonel von Blumenthal had for
some time been chief of the staff of the
Third Army Corps, when, on December 13.
1863, he was nominated the chief of the
General Staff of the Mobile Army Corps
against Denmark, and then had the fimt
time for exhibiting his splendid abilities.
The part which- he tiok in that bloody
war, especially "at Missunde and the
storming: of the trenches at Duppel. was
rewarded by the promotion to major gen
eral and he received the ordtr "Pour le
Merite." In the Austrian war of 1866 ha
was chief of the General Staff of the sec
ond army of the Crown Prince and for
his distinguished services received the
oak leaf of the order "Pour le Merite,"
one of the rarest distinctions of the army,
and the star of Knight Commander of the
Order of the House of Hohenzollern. .
On October 13, 1SU6. he was designated
commander of the Fourteenth Division In
Dusseldorf and accompanied the Crown
Prince in the autumn of 1S66 to St. Peters
burg. When, on the outbreak of the war
'with France, the Crown Prince became
supreme commander of the third army.
General von Blumenthal was made chief
of the General Staff, and his imperial
Highness, when presented by the Em
peror of Germany with the Iron Cross,
declared the same distinction was equally
due to Von Blumenthal.
In 1871 General von Blumenthal was sent
to England to represent the German em
pire at the autumn maneuvers at Chat*
ham. He was made field marshal In 1SS3
and Count in 1SSS, and was recognized as.
one of the most distinguished strategists
of modern Germany.
ROBBER SECURES HUNDRED
THOUSAND FROM THE MAIL
— — ERLJN, Dec 23.— In the garrison
church this morning the Em
peror, Empress, Princes of reign-
ing families, representatives of
foreign sovereigns, the Ministers
and the highest military authorities at
tended the funeral service held over the
remains of Field Marshal Count von Blu
menthal, the oldest field marshal of the
German army, who died on December 21.
Afterward the cortege, amid the ringing
of bells and the firing of salutes, proceed
ed to the Lehrte station.' A field mar
shal's escort led the procession, followed
by a hearse drawn by six horses. The
Emperor and his suite accompanied the
body on foot. Unter der Linden was. lined
with troops. The remains will be interred
on the late field marshal's estate.
Field Marshal Leonard Count von
Blumenthal, chief of the general staff of
the Prussian army, was born on July 30.
1810, at Schweldt-on-the-Oder. Educated
from 1S20 to 1827 in the military academies
of Culm and Berlin, he was entered, on
July 27, 1827. as second lieutenant in the
Guard Landwehr Regiment (the present
Fusileer Guards), attended from 1S30 to
1S33 the military school In Berlin, was
from 1837 to 1845 adjutant to the Coblentz
Landwehr Battalion, and became for the
first time In 1846 premier lieutenant In the
topographical division of the General
Staff. In 1848 he tool* part, as lieutenant
in the Fusileer Battalion, in the .Berlin
street fights and was transferred Janu
ary 1, 1S49. to the General Staff, to which
he remained attached, with slight inter
ruptions, for about twenty-five yeaxs.
In 1S49 he took part, as a member of the
staff of General von Bonin in the Schles
wig-Holstein campaign and fought in the
skirmishes at Auenbull and Benschau. in
the battles of Colding, Almlnde, Gudsoe
and other affairs, and In the siege and
battle of Fredericla took so active and so
conspicuous a part that he was on May
14, 1S49. promoted as chief of the General
Staff of the Schleswig-Holsteln army.
In 1S50 he became General Stan* officer
of the mobile division under General von
Tietzen in the electorate of Hesse. Next
ROMBk Dec. 2S.— Major Grower Botha,
brother of Commandant General Lewis
Botha, has arrived In Rome on his way
to Tlie Hague. He carries dispatches for
Mr. Kmger. In the course of an inter
view here to-day he said the war in South
Africa would last for years; that Mr.
Steyn had planned the Invasion of Cape
Colony, and that a revolt of the Afrikan
ders was certain.
Sears Dispatches for Krug«r.
Policeman Maher drew his revolver and
rushed ' into .the saloon. He found Court
ney.lying on the floor and the bartenders
still lying behind the bar.^
Citizens plucked up courage to enter
and picked up Courtney and placed him in
a chair.- Maher went on to: search ?thu
place. In the back was McDonnell, crouch
ing In a. corner with his revolvers drawn
ready to shoot any of his enemies. . Maher
covered him and - to . the policeman's • sur -
prise' McDonnell promptly put up hts
weapons. 1 McDonnell was taken to the sta
tion house rafter being identified by his
Victims. . : . ¦' ¦ . ¦¦¦-.. ¦ ¦ -.-
McDonnell's former residence Is various
ly stated : to have been at San Francisco,
Butte,. Mont.; and Chicago. <
At least fifty shots were fired. McDon
nell arose from the floor, and, running be
hind the lunch : counter, drew a revolver
from each' side - pocket and v fired. \ The
men ¦ selected their • opponents and ex
changed shots. • In the midst of the. fray,
Courtney fell.
The men's revolvers emptied, the shoot-
Ing -stopped.- and in a few seconds the
police arrived. The combatants scattered.
Kennedy ran out and McGinness tried to
The prisoner is Miles McDonnell, 51
years old, of City Island. He is well
known as a eambler and as one of the
most desperate characters in New York
Bince the days of Porter and "Shanj?"
Sraper. He has, a record, the police say,
cutting a man's ear off and nailing it
up in his gambling house; of beating
Courvilman Sulzer: of thrashing a, cab
man; of shooting- the leeks off wine bot
tles. He Is said to have a beautiful wif«
and two pretty children.
The shooting occurred in the Onawa
Hotel, at One Hundred and Twenty-fifth
street and Park avenue. McDonnell and
two or three friends were drinking at the
rear of the bar when Kennedy, and sev
eral friends entered, McDonnell and Ken
nedy were in partnership up to three
months ago In a gnmbllng-house, which
was closed by police orders, during the
anti-vice crusade. Kennedy at the time
charged McDonnell with withholding
money, and McDonnell drew a revolver
and would have killed Kennedy had not
the latter's friends - borne McDonnell to
the floor, taking his revolver away ; and
then thrown him into the street.
When Kennedy entered he walked up
to McDonnell and asked him to talk with
him. Then the men sat down in a corner
and 'talked^ for several minutes in a low
tone. Soon, however, their voices were
raised. Kennedy suddenly took McDon
nell by the collar and threw him on the
floor. Friends of both rushed forward,
revolvers were drawn, an excited man
fired a shot and the fierce fight was on.
Three bartenders dropped ; to the floor
behind the bar just as the terriWe fusillade
was begun. Policeman Maher said it
sounded to him like a package of giant
firecrackers. , -
Most of the men engaged in the fight are
gamblers and ere known as desperate
characters. The dead man was George
Price, printer and bartender. Edward
Courtney, alias "Stats," was shot In the
abdomen. Thomas H. Kennedy was shot
In the leg. Edward McGlnnes. alias Ed
ward McMullen. was shot in the left arm.
Kennedy and McGinness cannot be found.
NEW YORK, Dec. 28.— One of the fiercest
fights that the police of this city can re
call, which reads like a Jesse James
story, occurred In Harlem early this
morning. Four men were shot. One died
and another Is dying. Two wounded men
escaped and the "police are looking for
them. One man is under arrest and the
dead man's brother has sworn to kill the
prisoner, who is accused of shooting him.
Special Dispatch to The Call
One Is Dead, Another Dying
and Two Are Slightly
Woundtd.
GAMBLERS FIGHT
IN A BARROOM
ft LONDON, Dec. 29.— Joseph H. Choate.
United States Embassador. la not going
back to America— at'loast not yet awhile.
In- view of persistent stories which have,
been cabled to this country, recently say-
Ing that he was about to return or to be
recalled The Call-Herald correspondent,
made a call yesterday at the embassy anl
was assured that there was nothing in
such' reports. ' .
• Mr. Choate not only denies them, but
he -.cannot understand how any corre
spondent could evtn find grounds for
sending such stories. They are fabrica
tions and nothing more.
Yeomanry Officers Resign.
Lieutenant Colonel Sprogge. who com
manded the yeomanry at Lindley, has ; re
signed. Several other resignations have
befn gazetted, among them being that of
Ivor Guest, a captain of yeomanry. The
latter is the eldest son of Lord Wim
borne. He belonged to the Dorsetshire
Yeomanry Cavalry, and is one of the
members of Parliament in the Conserva
tive interest from Plymouth. '-,-¦' i
Some officers have resigned from almost
air of the fifteen battalions of the yeo
manry, Captain Lord Alwyn Frederick
Compton among them. , This raises a
doubt as to whether the resignations ar&
connected with the Lindley affair or are
merely in the line of routine: retirement,
especially as A fortnight ago the Secre
tary of State for War. William St. John
Broderick* announced in Parliament that
the court-martial inquiry had entirely .ex
onerated 'from blame .the " Heutenant
colqnel. Sprogge, and his regiment.- .
A-dlspatch from Plymouth announces
the arrival there of Major General Sir
Henry Colville. whose resignation has
been demanded by the "War Office, but
who has refused to resign and has come
to Eneland from Gibraltar to demand a
court-martial with reference to the re
sponsibility for the yeomanry disaster at
Iiindley last May.
Pilgrimage to Rome.
The Duke of Norfolk headed a band of
more than 200 English pilgrims who have
just started for Rome. It has been ' al
leged that he is paying the traveling ex
penses of the majoiity of, the party, but
this is absurd. The cost of the journey
and stay in Rome has been cheapened by
tourist' agents until the figures are al
most the lowest on record for continental
travel. Cardinal Vaughan will join the
pilgrims in Rome and the Pope will re
ceive and address them.
Flurry on 'Change.
The financial papers announce this
morning that some trouble was disclosed
on the Stock Exchange yesterday In the
West Australian market, resulting in a
considerable fall In the shares of London
and Globe Finance Corporation, Limited,
and Leroi Mining Company, Limited.
Seven firms had checks returned by the
Clearing-house. This does not imply fail
ure, however, as it Is expected that the
period of grace allowed will enable the
firms to meet their engagements.
Special Cable to The Call and New Tork Her
ald. Coryriiht, 1930, by the Herald Pub
lishing Company,
Denies Report That H« Is
About to Return or
Be Recalled. -
Denounces Stories Cabled From Eng
land as Fabrications and Is
at a Loss to Account : <•
for Them.
MR, CHOATE WILL
STAY IN LONDON
tant.
"Defendant, being of an accommodating,
romplimeniary nature, has tried his ut
most to make his wife happy by letting
tier be constantly with plaintiff, and by
sequie?cing in his wife's demand for a
lompanion -for her possible needs, so only
Sefendant be allowed to make free se
.ection.
"But that, while humoring his wife's
3eluslon, and despite whatever absurd and
preposterous secret arrangement, said
wife may have been making, on her own
iFsntned responsibllty. with plaintin* and
ander plaintiffs mysterious, secretly ex
erted Influence — yet on no account did or
would defendant employ so absolutely
worse than useless, worthless, ungrate
ful, treacherous and extortionate a per
•on and heartless, unfeeling litigant as
plaintiff betokens herself to be.
"That further this pelf-imposed guest
has thus far caused defendant expenses
to plaintiff's direct, personal and valuable
benefit of over $100 In Fix weeks since mar
riage, and that as plaintiff, though or-
Sered both in speech and writing again
ind a^ain to vacate defendant's domicile,
refuses to do so and defies defendant to
?et rid of her, defendant Is seeking to
nave police authorities Interfere,"
CALL, HEADQUARTERS, 1406 G
STREET. N. W..WASHINGTON, Dec. 28.
Contrary to expirations, the public air
ing to-day of the family differences of
Paymaster Robert Burton Rodney,
1". S. N.. retired, and his bride of less
than two month? did not occur.
The suit of Miss Isabel Cole, cousin of
Mrs. Kodney. for wages as companion,
was cailc-d before Justice Callan this af
ternoon. Counsel for Mr. Rodney moved
lor a continuance en account of the pres
ence of several reporters. Miss Cole,
v.ho. the paymaster declare?, 'exercises
a hypnotic influence over his wife, was
i resor.t and wanf-d the case to go on.
Her <?laim i»» for $67. There was a con
tinuance until Monday. '»•
Mr. Rodney made public his answer to,
fcltes Cole's suit. It was written by him
self, and its stylo resembles that of hia
yuaint communication of yesterday.
"This action is altogether frivolous
and unsf-emly, not to soy vexatious or
malicious," he Bays, "and each and all
of the specifications and assertions and
testifying* mad" by "the plaintiff are fab
rications and falsehoods.
"Ths-t plaintiff, being the daughter of
defendant's wife's mother's ' Fister, and
bridesmaid at defendant** marriage. No
v«nber 3 last, at Toronto. Canada, thrust
herself along on the wedding journey and
Into defendant's home liff- here in Wash
ington without any invitation from de
fendant, who was restrained from open
protest again*! the anomalous intrusion
by the defendant being threatened by his
wife with said wife's permanent anger if
protesting.
"That defendant has always treated,
under aforesaid compulsion. plaintiff as
guest, relative and an equaJ, and not as
though plaintin* were only the upper class
p*-rvant Fho claims to be. as performing
service, and plaintiffs bringing this false
euit Is a most outrageous Dreach of hos
pitality, loving confidence and ordinary
decency, as well as the most unexampled
patience and endurance of a bridegroom
anywhere was ever known to show.
"That never before till he read plain
tiff's affidavit had any intimation been
aade to him. even by plaintiff, of any
rlaim for wages or plea of terms or of
agreement whatever. It Is a. late thought
Df complete gratuitous fabrication and
•ffrontery as far as defendant is cogni-
WOULD BE RID
OF MISS COLE
Paymaster Rodney Scores
the Companion of His
Bride.
Pr^cial Dlsp-tch to The Call
• . —
NEW YORK. Dec. CS.— The trial of Po
lice Captain Hcrlihy by the Board of Po
lice Commissioners on charges of neglect
of duty, conduct unbecoming an officer
and failure to keep proper records was
begun to-day. Inspector Cross, who is
accused with Herlihy, but who Is to have
a separate trial, was represented by an
attorney. The principal charge is that
Herlihy and Cross were discourteous to
Rev. Robert E. Paddock of the Episcopal
Pro-Cathedral.
Rev. Mr. Paddock was the principal wit
ness. He f=aid. he had been repeatedly so
licited by immoral women no?r the Pro-
Cathedral, which is in the precinct which
Herlihy had in charge. He declared th^t
¦w-her. he began to take the initiative in !
•tho matter «>f prosecutions Captain Her- 1
]ihy called him a liar and said he dis- f
graced h'> rloth. When he went to In- |
Kpector Cms?, according to the witness,
he was discourteously treated and could
get no satisfaction. The hearing will be j
fntlnu^d nextjThunsday.
Escaped Prisoner's Fate.
Arrordir g t"» t'.ie World. Wlllicm H. !
Popt. th* allejri-d mail thief, who led the i
hptnd of fc.ur prisoners In the escape from j
I-udlov-ptreoi. j.-iil In January. 1S97. end
for wbani the United StatM secret «:prvice
officer? have "."on scarehiTijr the? country
r-ver Fince. dier! two months after escap
lnsr. His body h3s been fcr three and a
r.&!f years In the Wooster cemetery, Dan- J
1 ury." I'onri.. under a tombstone tearing;
ihe name "Chnrles Mason."
Post who was; a mail-wAfron driver, was
erresied during the holiday week of I*v6.
c harped with robbing letters of holiday j
pift- He did net deny the oha-ge. Two j
veks laur he. with Michael Kswn. Peter
Ma*so and <;.K>rpo Pollycrannis. brokt
jail. Mas-ro was recaptured the next day.
'in March. 15:7. a farm hand employed
near Paters=on. X. J.. died in a Danbury.
Cnni.. ho.-pital from injuries received in
falling from a wagon. He was buried and I
ih> town placed a stone ovor his grave, j
James Bchrlvcr was arrested !n Newhurs
p fPTj- dayp aco. A letter from Danbur>
undertakers itemizing the exnense entailed
in movinjr a body from Danbury to West
Hurley. N. Y.. was found on him. and
raptair. G'.nty of Danbury be^an an inves
tigation. It w-is learned that a letter had
V><^en received irom Mrs. Anna Ktlls of
Newburg Post's mother, asking about the
body. A description of "Mason" tallies
with that of The missing Post, even to
• ri* nhsonce of two fingers on the right
hand.
Hospital Nurses Accused.
The jury in the inquest into the cause
of the death of ]>>ui* II. Milliard to-night
rendered a verdict declaring that he had
come to his death from asphyxiation and
fractured ribs caused hy Jesse R. Davis,
Edward O. Dean and Clinton I. Marshal,
three nurses of Bellevue Hospital. The
<'oroner held the accused to await the
action of the Grand Jury. The jury also
censured the Bellevue Hospital authori
ties for laxity of methods. Despite th»
protest? of Assistant District Attorney
Melntyre. Davis. Dean and Marshal were
released in &000 ball each, furnished by
Ogden Mill?.
Rev. Mr. Paddock Testifies
Against the New York
Officer.
?
Says He Was Grossly Insulted, and
When He Appealed to Inspec
tor Ctoss He Gol No
POLICE CAPTAIN
HERLIHY'S TRIAL
GIBRALTAR, Dec. 2S.— The steamer
Canada, with Iyird Roberts on board, ar
rived here from South Africa to-day. Tho
field marshal ianded af noon and received
a great ovation. The Canada will resume
her voyage to-night.
The Portuguese Consul met Lord Rob
erts and. on behalf of the King of Portu
gal, expressed regret that there had not
been time to send a Portuguese warship
to greet Mm.
"30BS*' AT GIBRALTAR.
CAPE TOWN. Dec. 2S.— The Yeomanry
who were captured near Britstown have
toen released.
CAPE TOVTS, Dec. 2S.— General D»wef?
attempt to break through to the south
has been frustrated, and he, is now report
ed to be at Senekal with a large com
mando, holding the country between
Frecksburgr. Senekal and Wlndburg. Gen
eral Knox is holding the country between
I-adyhrand and Windburg. The eastern
parties of Invading: Boers are being con
stantly harassed and driven back towar'.
Ihe Orange River.
Knox's troopers are described as fight
ing with Dewet's burghers at Leeuwkop
and preventing his returning southward
to the Orange River. Some military writ
ers have been rashly assuming that De
wet would ir.erely be kept under observa
tion and that Knox's troopers would be
diverted to the defense of Cape Colony.
The pursuit of the great raider haa not
flackered, and he will be followed until
be is cauRht. I^ord Kitchener knows that
the capture of Dewet is the important
result to be accomplished, since Botha
and Delarey will hold out as long as their
ally is moving across the veldt and swoop
ing down upon Isolated posts. Knox has
received a roving commission to keep up
the chase ?nd wear out if he cannot cor
ner and intrap the fox.
ST. VIN'CRN'T. Cape Verde Islands,
Dec. 28.— The steamship Roslin Castle,
with the Canadian volunteers returning
from South Africa on board, has arrive!
here. She will proceed to-night for Hall
fax.
British in Cape Colony Harass In*
vading Patriots and Drive
Them Back to Orange
Biver.
Crafty Boer Leader Is at
Senekal With a Largi
Commando.
DEWET FAILS TO
BREAKTHROUGH
•-','¦¦¦ ¦-«.,...." \. * . : ... - .
THE- SM FRANCISCO GA% SATURDAY^ IIECEMBER 29. 1900.
Emperor William and His Suite Attend the Services in the
Garrison Church at Berlin and Accompany the Funeral
Cortege on Foot to the Railway Station at Lehrte
GERMAN ROYALTY MOURNS AT
THE BIER OF THE LATE FIELD
MARSHAL VON BLUMENTHAL
and the Latter's Reply Threaten.to Reopen Noted Case.
Belief That Dreyfus Has Returned and If in Hiding
Henri Rochefort's Renewed Accusations Against the Exile
ALL FRANCE AGAIN AROUSED
BY THE LATE DEVELOPMENTS
IN THE DREYFUS SCANDAL
THE LATE COUNT VON BLUMENTHAL. OLDEST FIELD MARSHAL
OF THE GERMAN ARMY, OVER WHOSE BODY IMPRESSIVE FU
NERAL SERVICES WERE HELD AT BERLIN YESTERDAY.
2
ADVERTISEMENTS.
To Cure a Cold in One Day
Take T^ixative ' Bromo Quinine ' Tablets. . All
flru#cist» refund money If it fatU to cure. E.
W. Crove'a signature U en each box. 25c •
Notice is* hereby ftWen that a re-
ward of $500 will be paid for in-
formation leading to the arr«*t
and conviction of parties who ma-
liciously or otherwise tamper with
the poles, lines, transformers,
wires, manholes, cables, conduits,
lamps, meters, fuses or other
property of the Independent Elec-
tric Llftht and Power Company.
New Catarrh Cure.
The remarkable success and populaiitj-
of the new catarrh cure, Stuart's Catarrh
Tablets, is largely because it not only
cures catarrh, but because catarrh suf-
ferera who use these tablets know what
they are taking into their systems — no se-
cret is made of what they contain. Th«=:y
are composed of hydras tin. blood root,
gualacol and red gum, are pleasant to tho
taste and, being dissolved in the mouth,
they take Immediate effect upon the mu-
cous lining of the throat, nasal passages
and the whole respiratory tract.
The cures that Stuart's Catarrh Tab-
lets have accomplished in old chronic
cases are little short of remarkable, and
the advantage of knowing just what you
are taking Into your system is of para-
mount Importance when it i3 remembered
that the cocaine or, morphine habit has
been frequently contracted as the result
of using' secret catarrh remedies, aa so
many of them are well known to contain
these Injurious drups.
Stuart's Catarrh Tablets meet with the
approval and cordial support of physi-
cians because their antiseptic charac:*r
renders them perfectly safe f«r the s*:s-
eral public to use and their compos "•
makes them a common sense cura f.T i '-
forms of catarrhal trouble.
With nearly all advertised catarrh nr*s %
It is a matter of guesswork as to ¦•*¦ ~ ;:
you are taking Into the stomach. - u Cm>
proprietors, while making all »?rtj ef
claims as to what their, medicines wr^l tie.
are -very careful to keep It a clo?e secret
as to what they really contain.
This Is one reason why Stuart's Catarrh
Tablets have been so widely recoiari*Rd-
ed. because they are not only pleasans and
convenient to take, but the paJie-t also
knows he is not putting into his stomach
anything of an injurious character.
These tablets are sold by drussists ev-
erywhere In the United States and
Canada at 50 cents for complete treat-
ment and probably there is no better rem-
edy ever devised for the permanent cura
of catarrh, whether located In the head,
throat, bronchial tubes or In the stomach.
The Success and Popularity of the
GOOD REASON FOR IT.Oil Company Incorporates.
EUREKA,- Dec ».— Articles of Incorpor
ation of the Areata. Oil . Company were
filed with the County Clerk this after
noon. The company incorporated for . a
term of fifty years, with a capital stock
of $250,000. of which 119 shares have been
subscribed. The stockholders are /all
wealthy men of Areata, and . their pur
pose is to bore for oil near that town.
SAN JO5E, Dec SS.— Colored society of
San Jose is preparing for a big opossum
bake on New Years eve, and has im
ported a number of opossums from Mis
souri for the feast. The occasion will fee
of the order of an old time plantation
jubilee. Besides the colored "*»" a num
ber of prominent white citizens are to be
invited. After the dinner there will be
plantation songs and games.
To Zat Opossum.
SACRAMENTO. Dee. 2S.— In a decision
in the Mackay will case to-day denying
the probate of the will Judge Joseph W
Hughes stated that he did not believe the
signature to be that of Mrs. Mackay, al
though Lawyer Frank B. Josephs had
testified that Mrs. Mackay signed the
will in his presence in pencil, and that
he traced the signature In ink at her re
quest. He further said he believed her
to have been under the influence of W.
B. CasseU the beneficiary under the will,
who has been missing since the contest
3iackay Will Rejected.
SAN JOSE, Dec. 3.— Burglars made an
attempt to blow open the safe in the Red
Star Laundry, on West Santa Clara street,
early this morning, but after two failures
gave uj> the Job. The Enterprise machine
shop, a few doors away, was robbed of
the tools used. The knob of the combina
tion was knocked off the safe and a
broken punch in the door showed an at
tempt had been made to force it. An at
tempt was then made to blow the door
cff. A hole had been drilled through the
Eteel and fire clay and a charge of black
ix>wder used, but the door refused to
>^eld.
Attempts to Bob a Safe.
RENO. Nev. Dee. a. — Indications are
that a foul murder has been committed
near Gardneryille by Indians. The re
mains of William Moore, a rancher, who
lived alone on the east fork of Carson
River, have been found in the ruins of
his cabin. Some of the bones bear bullet
marks. Every indication points to the
house having bten looted and burned. ¦
BAJTCfTrTB. MTJBDEBED
Ain> cabut bubned
CHICAGO, Dec 2S.— According to local
merchants one of two big firms, either tha
Albert Dickinson Company of. Chicago or
a Detroit house, practically control | thV
market " for / the white beans supply.
which, although a fair crop was har
vested, has been tremendously reduced by
heavy purchases by the United States and
British governments to supply the sol
diers In the Philippines and in South Af
rica. As a. consequence the price ha3 had
a rapid and legitimate advance until now
$2 15 a bushel is asked; with the. supply
limited even at that figure.*. •; Members of
the firm of the Albert Dickinson Company
deny i that -their •bouso ; has engineered, a
corner. ¦¦ > - '¦¦_'¦ • ' i_
*. ¦ ¦ ' ' ".."¦..- " - '-
Corner in Beans.
CHICAGO, Dec. 33.— A call has been Is
sued for a meeting of the Illinois Demo
cratic State Central Committee, to be held
at Springfield on the evening of January
7. The issuance of the call for the meet-
Ing on that date renders practically cer
tain the election of John P. Hopkins of
Chicago, who was chairman of the "Illi
nois Gold Democratic State Committee in
1S56, as chairman of the State Central
Committee. The Hopkins faction has
wished for a meeting upon this date.
while the- anti-Hopkins people made
strong efforts to have the meeting- post
poned until January lOi Mr. Bryan is to
be here on January 8 and his friends
asked that the selection of a State chair
man be postponed until after his visit.
The Hopkins people, however, scored a
decisive victory over the friends of Mr.
Bryan by having the call Issued for the
Tth. The call Is signed by twenty-one out
of a* total of ' thirty-one members, all of
whom will vote for Hopkins. Among the
signers of the call is Thomas Ganan, Illi
nois member of the Democratic National
Committee. r
DEUOCBATS IGXOBE
REQUEST OF BRYA3T
cf Dawson held a mass meeting: Decem
ber IS to protest against the slowness of
the : mall service between the Klondike
and White ' Horse, the only method . of
communication with " the outside world.
An I effort ' will be l made to • have the pros
en t ccatract revoked. ' It is claimed that
the delays are due to the bad condition
of the trails over the ice. - - -/-¦ . ;
Mail Service Poor.
SEATTLE. Wash., Dec 23.— The people
RENO, Xev., Dec S.— Lieutenant Gor
don Freeman, late of -the First Nevada
Cavalry.' which did service In the Philip
pines, committed suicide last night -toy
blowing the top of his head off with a
Winchester rifle.
Lieutenant ¦Freeman was subject to fits
of despondency. " accompanied • by suicidal
mania. He was the : soul • of ; honor and
greatly respected and loved by every one
of tbe ninety-two who composed his com
pany, and was very popular. Lieutenant
Freeman . was a native of Missouri, aged
30 years.
LIEUTENANT FBEESCAN
COMMITS SUICIDE
tralian federation gorgeous ceremonies
have been arranged for New Tear's day,
according to advices brought to-day by
the Miowera. The swearing In of the
various State Governors Premier and
Ministers of the crown will take place as
the. central ceremony- of the elaborate
celebration. .
A monster procession, representing all
the Australian colonies, and, indeed, all
of the various portions of the empire, will
take place, headed by Earl Hopetoun. the
new Governor General. One of the most
striking arches of this procession will be
formed of unpressed bales of wool, valued
at $+¦> .OO. The actual Inauguration of the
Australian commonwealth will go Into ef
fect on May 1. .
Gorgeous Ceremonies and a Monster
Procession Are Arranged for
New -Year's Day.
¦VANCOUVER,"-" B. C. Dec. 2S.— In con
nection with tha inauguration of the Aus-
IlfAUGTJEATION OF THE
ftTTgT-RAT.TA-KT FEDERATION
largest conventions cf students ever held
en the Pacific Coast opened in this city
tc-night and will continue ten days, clos
ing on January 6, 1201. The occasion of
this gathering ia the ' annual conference
of the Pacific Ccast Students' Toung
Men's Christian Association, and in hold-
Ing :t at this season of the year a decided
departure from the us-ual order of things
Is being made.
This charge was made to enable a larger
number of students to attend the conven
tion than is possible in May, when every
college is busy with examinations and oth
er work incident upon the closing of the
college year. The pood results of the
change are already apparent in the great
ly Increased size of the delegations. There
will be about lVt accredited delegates,
from nil the leadins universities and col
leges of California. Oregon. Washington.
Idaho and Nevada and a large number of
men outsice ccl'&ge iife who are interested
in the work of the Young Men's Christian
Association, as well tti several professors
from the California institutions of learn
ing will be in attendance.
The work of the convention will em
brace nearly all lines of college life and
the main purpose — that of training the
students for leadership in organized
Christian work in their respective Insti
tutions—will be carefully and thoroughly
carried out. The convention will be un
der the direct management of E. T. Ccl
ton. international coilege secretary of the
Young Men's Chrisuan Association, and
a number of prominent professional men
cf the Pacific Coast and elsewhere will
address the convention. Among them are
Rev Dr. E. R. DU'.e of Oakland, Rev.
Dr Frederick W. Clampett of San Fran
cisco. John R. Mott of New York (gen
eral secretary of the "World's Student
Christian Federation). Rev. Dr. H. C.
Minton of San Anselmo, H. J. McCoy
(Eer^ral secretary cf tiie San Francisco
Y M C. A->. C. V. Hlbbard of the Uni
versity of Wisconsin, George "W. Leavltt
(traveling secretary of. the student vol
unteer movement In Xorth America).
The convention is particularly fortunate
In securing the services of John R. . Mott.
and It is believed thai this, the first visit
of this eminent man to the Pacific Coast
conference, will mean much to future
work among the college men throughout
the West. '
A carefully prepared programme will be
earned out. consisting of class and de
partment work, platlorm addresses and
athletics of various kinds, and several
well-known college athletes will compete
In the various contests to -be held.
The convention opened its preliminary
session to-night, but active work will not
commence until to-morrow.
Change in Time of Holding It Proves
Beneficial, as the Attend
ance Is Very-
Large.
=jxcia! Disp*tca to 1 oe <-»»»-
PACIFIC GROVE. Dec- 3.— One of the
STUDENT CONFERENCE
AT PACIFIC GROVE
SAY THEY MUTINIED
TO SAYE THE VESSEL
Examination of Barney "Wilson and
Harry Sanders of the Free
Trade Is Begun at
Eureka.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
EUREKA. Dec 2S.— The preliminary ex
amination of Barney Wilson and Harry
Sanders of the schooner Free Trade, who
were arrested yesterday upon the charge
of mutiny, was commenced before United
States Commissioner Henry L. Ford to
day. The men who constituted the fore
mast crew of the little vessel took the
management of the schooner in their own
hands on the night of December 22. and
imprisoned their skipper. Captain Anfia
son. in his cabin.
They justify their conduct on the
ground that Captain Anfinson ( was navi
gating his vessel like an insane man and
would surelv have wrecked her on the
rocks near Trinidad had they not taken
charge. Navigators claim that if the log
which was kept by Seaman Sanders,
showing the course of the vessel, is cor
rect the free Trade would have been in
the breakers in a few moments had the
sailors not taken charge. The vessel was
out nir.e days from San Francisco.
Captain Anflnson gives no sign of an
unbalanced mind. He la very indignant
at the treatment he received, having been
knocked down in the scuffle for possession
of the wheel, and then imprisoned. Cap
tain Anfinson was in command of the
schooner Caspar when she was wrecked
on Saunders Reef off the Mendocino coast
October Zl. ISSl. and all hands but the cap
tain and the cook were^ drowned.
ninety miles long and the most Import
ant one of several which the railroad
proposes to build in the near future. It
will shorten the main line eighty or
ninety miles, enabling the Northern Pa
ciSc to maintain faster train schedules
between the twin cities and the coast than
any competing line. It is yet undecided
whether one contract will be let for the
entire work or a division made into small
contracts of five miles or less each.
It is intended now to let the contracts
in time for the commencement of work
In the spring that this short line may
be placed in operation before next sea
son's Washington and Idaho grain crops
are ready to move. The next cut-off to be
undertaken will be from Lewiston, Idaho,
to Missoula, Montana, through the Bit
ter Root Mountains. Northern PaciSc
surveyors are this winter running lines
from Cocalis north of Grays Harbor to
Gordonville on the Straits of Fuca, east
of Cape Flattery. Such a road, when
built, will give the Northern Pacific con
trol of the transportation of the great
Olympic peninsula, a region rich in tim
ber, mines and agricultural resources. It
will" be constructed within a year or two,
connecting with the Grays Harbor line
from Tacoma to Hoquiam.
TACOMA. "Wash., Dec 2S.— The North
ern PaciSc Railroad has put on ex
hibition a detailed plan for the con
struction of the Llnd-EIIensburg cut-off
in this State preparatory to receiving
bids from contractors who are now fig
uring on them. This cut-off will be about
Prepared and Contracts Will
Soon Be Let.
Plans for Idnd-Ellensburjr Cut-Off
SHOETENTNG THE BOUTE
OF NORTHERN PACIFIC
WINTERS. Im-c. 2$ — The members of
the local Masonic order banqueted sump
tuously with their friends last night in
the Masonic -Hall. The occasion was the
'. r::ar vea_riy installation of officers of
Buckeye Ixxige No. UC The following
were iristaXIed: W. II. Gregory, wcrship
f:! Dssster; J. I- Karlan. junior warden;
Wilbur Sims, junior warden; William
Sirs*, i^er^tary; D. H. W&ughte!. treas
urer; W. P. Fas«et. senior deacon: I_ O.
Sack»tt. .Junior deacon; E. J. Enarlehart
and J. B. Grtfia. stewards: C. H. Wolfe.
Tyler. After the ceremonies a splendid
Et*sical programme was rendered, after
which the Masons and their guests sat
"oira to a bi.n<5uet-
Officers Installed.
cf mere deals fcr prospective oil lands
are r=&ny. and the whole district has
s-ira&e-ed tt> tfce possible importance of
the fines. It is s^id that Wi^on ilore-
Isr.d has closed a deal for his farm, three
miles east d Pine City, by which he gets
XZi&'Ji and a royalty of ID per cent on all
cii. szs end ooeJ taken from the farm.
The homestead belonging to F. Best,
which is at the head cf Rock Lake, four
teen miles from Rosalia. Tras recently
ti->u?tn by Jotra Reid of Portland for
J.l-<«--. - - "—» '*"
The strcr^est iniicatlons of oil and gas
yet found have been around P.ock Lake
and oa Pine Creek, within three miles
cf Pii^ City. At one place a spring
which ¦was recently cleaned out is now
partly illed with oQ. though for twenty
years rrt-v.ous its water has been used
for drinking purposes. Farmers ere buy
ing grtcit casks which they place over
boles bcrcd with iron pipes asd soon
t-Rve tfcein filled with gas.
A Spokane syndicate leased SOW acres
rery cheaply and has ordered drilling ma
rhines. The eicitement is causing the
?£jmers to raise their prices, and no
t<?*Ees ire now made without exacting a
pood royalty as well as a. lcr^ge c^sh pay
ment, r'armers aSout Rock Lake have
noticed >n;bt;es rising through the waters
of thi lake and Pine Creek fcr years
past. Nobody suspected that they were
jr*«> bubbles until s. month ago when
pome or.* applied a lig-hted match to one
trd a bizze resulted.
TACOHA. Wash.. T>ec. tS.— Visitors from
Eafterr. Washington report that a petrol
eum and gas boom similar to that of
Southern California is in progress about
"Bjysal'.a. and Pir:e City, ¦where jrss and
oil have been discovered bubbling up
through both ground and water. Reports
Farmers Ncrsr Demanding Fancy
Prices and "Exacting Royalties
for Their T^-^^g
OIL A17D GAS EOO3I
TS TASThKT WASHDrGTON !
Speclal Dispatch to The Cail. i 1
VANCOUVER. B. C. Dec 2S.— Plague j
is reported from Thursday Island in ad
vices brought from Australia by the !
steamship Miowera to-day. Three cases \
were discovered, aboard the Government j
tug Cormorant, which arrived from Eng
land. The patients were landed and quar
antined at Thursday Island, and great
fear is expressed that, owing to the large
Asiatic population on Thursday Island. |
the disease may obtain a foothold.
At Niua Fooa, ia the Tcngan group.}
earthquakes have occurred at intervals
; since last August. These disturbances
! tbre?r-up immense waves In the island
I lake, and the eruptions became so severe
i that all the natives have deserted their
villages and are living on the peaks of the
highest hills on the island. .
The Mew Zealand Government has de
'¦ cided to invite tenders from ship owners
i for a service of steamers for two years.
¦ calling at five colonial ports and at least
I three ports in South Africa.
The Russian ship Occident, coal laden.
' from Hamburg to China, caught fire near
Fiji through the overheating of the coal.
The crew could not extlnguishe the names
and so abandoned the ship. The water
around the vessel was boiling from the
Intense heat given out by the hull.
Tonga Is divided in opinion over the
question of annexation to New Zealand.
Until lately nearly all the residents fa
: vored Tonga retaining Its native govern-
( tcent, but the native government is said
to have acted so unwisely of late, placing
so many hindrances in tne way of trade,
that the majority of the Europeans now
favor annexation even with New Zealand,
although they would prefer to cast their
' lot with the coming commonwealth of
Australia.
Disease Discovered on the Govern
ment Tug Cormorant and the
Men at Once Taken Ashore
and Qnarantined.
THREE PLAGUE CASES
ON THURSDAY ISLAND
With the laying' of the last rail an extra
force of men has been' put to work bal
lasting the road, and will be rushed
day and night from now on. Engineer
Hood hopes to have the first train run
ning over the new line the latter part of
January or eariy in February. Arrange
ments for the train service have not y«
been completed, but It is likely that two
or three through trains will be run over
the line dally. , ,
- Thf> wrrk of closing the gap was com
menced fifteen months ago. There have
been .frequent interruptions which were
unavoidable and which prolonged the
completion of the undertaking not a little.
Chief Engineer William Hood, who has
had charge of the construction work, says
it Is one of the heaviest lines ever built
by a railroad company. Tfce building of
the gap has necessitated the construction
of seven big viaducts, all built of steel
and iron and put together with rivets.
The delays in the work were caused by
the- quitting of ganrs of workmen num
bering fifty or one hundred at a time, who
thought they saw more lucrative oppor
tcrlties in Nome or the Klondike.
The Ilne.ls of romantic interest, passing
as it dees the beautiful towers, stone
walls and tiled roofs of old Spain. It Is
also a line of great resorts — idling places
where a man busy with thoughts may
work undisturbed or where he may rest
and fcrpet the worry of city life. As a
scenic !ine. too, it is unsurpassed.
THE gap is closed. Across coun
tries, over mountains and
through valleys the word Is be
ing passed from mouth to mouth.
Yesterday tras one leng to be re
raerr.cere'S in the history of the Southern
Pacif.c and in railroad progress in Cali
fornia, for it marked the completion cf a
stupendous undertaking that has been
many years in course cf construction — the
closing of the gap between Santa Barbara
and Surf. This jLeeompiiPhed. California
can boast the greatest snore line in the
world. Of course there is much ballast
ing to be dore yet before any trains can
be run over the new line — It may take
forty days to do this — but in so far as the
laying of the ties and rails is concerned
the wcrk is finished.
No unusual ceremony marked the spik
ing of the last rail, unless It was the glad
smile cf the foreman, the gratified expres
sion upon the faces of the workmen, and
a telegram to Chief Engineer Hood that
"The gap is closed." The message came
short!:.- after 11 o'clock yeeterdar morn
ing. The great steel viaUnct spanning
Cementeria Canyon was strung last Sat
urday, anu since then the workmen have
been'busy laying the timbers to form the
The gap was eighty miles ia length.
Southward from this city the tracks ran \
through San Jose, Salinas, • Paso Robles j
and San Luis Obispo to Surf. Here tbe i
rails ended. Northward from Lcs Ar!?s!e3
Is a line of the sarre railway to Santa
Barbara. It was the space between these
two terminals that has just been con- :
nected. making a complete through line \
much shorter and far more picturesque '
than the old one from this city to Los |
Arceles. *
The route from Los Angeles to San I
Francisco may be separated Into four ,
divisions. pe-cjrraphicaUy. First, there is
the hi!! hidden way that winds north- '•¦
ward from Los Angeles, turning west
ward f rcm Sargus. passing over the di
vide near Piru between precipitous moun
tains, and then following the widening
valley down to the s*>a at Ventura. Next.
the wonderful surf ride for ICO miles cf
headland and beach. Beyond lie the
mountains and passes of the San Luis
Obispo. the feet of the hills of Templeton.
where begins the famous Salinas Valley.
The valley and the Santa Clara hills are
the fourth division,' r. mountain walled,
oak dotted park, the hemming hills
broken at intervals to allow the entrance
of the «-sMiara liner breath o^the sea.
roadbed and putting down the heavy rails, j
All this has been done, and as soon as
the riveting of the viaduct has been Sn- j
ished a test run will be made over the i
new line.
3
The gale lasted mere than twenty-four
hours, and during that time the vessel
labored heavily and for a time it was a
fight for life with those on board. Her
cficers say it was the most furious gale
they ever experienced- Sbe was sent to
Diamond Point quarantine station for
f usii ga tlon.
PORT TOV.'NSEXD, Dec. 2S.-The Brit
ish steamship Glenturret arrived to-day
from Japan and. according- to reports of
her ofacers. the recent storms extended
many miles from the coast. On Christ
mas the Glenturret encountered a gale cf
unusual vlclei^e SX> miles off Cape Flat
tery, and notwithstanding she was run
ning before the gale great seas swept
her decks, smashing one of her lifeboats
and washing everything movable over
board.
Seas Wash Over tte Vessel and One
Beat Is Lost.
GLENTUBRET'S ROUGH VOYAGE.
Another disaster was that to the Ka
rnigi Mara. Her three masts were car
ried away during a gale and the bark
was swamped. The crew, sixteen in num
l-er. took to the boats and after drifting
lor several dsya without food they were
picked \ip. They had given themselves up
fcr lest when succor arrived.
Krorn Osaka news is given of the loss
of the Japanese bark Katokugawa Maru
rrith all on board. She was lost near
Ryueasfci on December 9.
The lost Tsuklshima Maru was a steel
\<-s?€l built at Nagasaki under sup>er\'is
ion of Lloyd's agents la 1S.--S and was rig
ged us a bark. She was 2SS feet long and
cf 1304 tons. She carried eighty-four ofn
ct-rs and cadets, besides tfce captain and
j-"-irser. nineteen sailors, ten stokers and
oyjht cooks arid cabin boys. Although
desigried a sailer the lost vessel had a
triple expansion engine of 3# horsepower.
Another marine disaster was that which,
befell the steamship Inushima Marti. This
vesspl Tras lost on the night cf December
?. when during a violent gale she struck
a rock in Aklshi Bay and went down.
One man was taken off by a passing ves
sel, but twenty-two went down to death.
All on board. Ifl ia number, were
drowned- The body o£ the commander.
Captain ilatsumoto. was washed ashore at
Shidzugawra. near Numadazu. and it wus
not identiSed. being buried as th* remairts
cf a shipwrecked seaman. It was not un
til tbe nnding of the wreckage of tbe lost
t.-iirane-fhip tti&t w* mystery of her dis
appearance was cleared up and details
learned of hew she had met ner fate. The
bocy of the commander was then ex
humed and identified. The Japanese Trar
ifcip Mus-ahl had been searching some
treeks for the lost ship, but owing to tfce
prevalence of high winds and stormv seas
was unabie to accomplish anything.
When the evidence cf the disaster came
to light near Xurnadaru the warships To
kiira and Yoshino were dispatched to the
*cece and quite a fleet of rishing- vessels
have been sent to where the disaster oc
curred to undertake dragging operations
or. a large scale in the hope of finding
bc-dies of the victims.
VICTOHIA. B. C. Dec. :>.— The steam
ship Riojua Maru brir.gs news of many
shipping disaster? in Japanese water?. In
several of which there was heavy loss of
life. The most disastrous was that of the
Japanese trainlng-Ehip Tsaklshiraa itaru.
which was lost during a tvphoon In Surga
Bay, foundering after striking the Se
noiwa rocks.
in Japanese Waters.
Ne-KTS B-cught cf Shipping Disasters
TBATTTPTG SSIP GOES DOWN.
'lhe teat was ftourly increasing, ard by I
the third ciy. pitch comment ej 10 nubble
from ihe scams ia the deck. A storm
came up that eight, and wnm it had mod
erated at the end of two days, an attempt
was cad* to put tbe vessel t»ti a course to
P*ort r;.:_^»r.. :r.. Another gaie wa.s en
ccunter^c en the seventh Uay and the
vessel labored and strained heavily. Mean
while the heat had become almost unbear- j
able and smoke forced its wav through J
almost every part of the ship. Several f
or the crew became unconscious from the j
fumes and many others were nearly blind- ;
ed the incessant smoke. No on* j
cculi sleep ncr; than a few minutes at!
a time, and ihcn strong rest^ra-tives were (
required to bring them around.
The pro-.-isiccis wer^ by this time run- •
ning cut. and the crew Tvere en short ra- ;
lions « hen a plucky attempt Tvas made by [
the cap'ain and chief officer tc reach ifee '
Etorer<xjra. They were let down a h-ich !
and a letr minutes later other members j
of the crew nearly lost their own lives in !
rescuing the captain and mate, who had j
been overcome and were unconscious, t
Hope was nc-arly abandoned on the fif- |-
t^«nth day. when a breeze to the north- i
east sprang up, and three days later thev !
had arrived ir. Port Elizabeth. The c&p- \
tain's wife is still in the hospital, owing
to the horrors of her experience.
'ite Aixo:^ srrned 1j4 uays oxii from
L«verp«M*, na.v;nj; i-rit mr r.r.tish i»ori un
ilay iT. uji AiifeU't 0 tie urst ouicreak
ol nre wa« ciscovt-rea in tn»5 after nold.
'lhe : ; r<c ¦s.-as tnca « i X) nji.t^5 from troil
l^iut-ibetn. Australia. To iua to tne ann
«"iy ot tap;aia >>:cotle, nis ivile and . ai.y
wtre c:i &iard. The men woriitci almost
constantly r.ight and cay. They trieil
&Cain anu again to reach 4.a<± source ct the
ft*-ffies dovn beloti". but tnc.&eat was so
li'Tce x.ha.t «fforxs to stop tne-sprt-ad o. the
tomt-s tad to te ccnt:r:eu to worK en tee
deck. It xcaj* next to impossible to navi
gate the rhip ur.der the^c circumstances,
ana she practically drifted for the wnole
urce at tne toercy ot ¦wind and wave.
VANCOUVER, B. C.. Dec
lessly crifting for eighteen ds.ys with tne
snip s boM cere nearly ail that time was
tfce ttrritle experience cf the iiritish r irk
AJ2&OTIU lrtccfl arrived at t>cne>, N. 5.
t\ .. a ie*. oays cctcre rl. t.. ii. o. iiit>
wtu si.ied tor Vancouver.
Special IXspaicb to T&e Call
Enters Storeroom in Search of Pro
visions fcr Starving Crew and
Nsrrcwly Es=apas As
phyzriation.
CAPTAIN'S ACT OP HEROISM
Bark Is Hopelessly Adrift
WMle Fiames Rage in
. Her Hold.
ALMORA'S GREW
BATTLES WITH
FIRE AND GALE
Special r . -r - r to The C*3.
RITERSIDE. Dec. 3.— At Casa Blanea.
five miles south of Riverside, ehortiy
CL'ter 0 o'clock Lu-t Eight, an infuriated
mob of fifteen laborers, composed of
. trhlte ires and Mexicans, visited a Chi
cc-5e car;?, azd u?cn entering the tents
coTr.Ttr. rsded the «eifrht occupsjits to throw
C? tiitir fcjLndls. Tfce reqyst was prompt
ly cbe?«?3, ar.i immediately thereafter
Che f Tightened Celestia!» tic re placed in
*. farm wajjon anti hailed to the Santa
Ana River bottom, several miles distant,
where they w**e s=ubjecte*l to rasst brutal
treatm^zt. After they had succeeded ia
beating their fat".r-i«s victims almost into
it^sensibilizy the ru^Tins hastily took their
Abotrt rridr.ight seven of the xrcc^ded
,!:«:. were able*to reach their lodgings.
and tils morning two of th*m returned
to the EOrTif cf the t«sault a^d found a
comradf who had be«-n noissir-g in a
ht'.j'ess condition. Several of the Chinese
are sfriou*!y but not dangerously injured.
The "one who lay in the river bottom* all
n!e~t fca.<2 rha-stly wounds about his head
a^.d face, presuriilrly iniicteii with a
heavy club. t
Lete th:« afternoon the matter was re
ported to Sheri2 Coburn. who inimediate'.y
srarted to invtstig-ate. and about dark
he failed George Dunham ana Andrew
iurd Aiciph Siivas. charping them v.Tth
havir:g beea implicated in the affair.
Ci*rht others are under suspicion, and
lii<rir irrt*t will probably soon follow.
The or;gtn cf tte trouble is due to the
discharge cf several Mexican girls by
Pattee & Lett frcra their packing house
& few cays since and the substitution cf
coolie help. This is said to have greatly
fcrxr enpd the frie-cs of the deposed crasge
packers and th*y decided to wreak venge
ance en the Chinese.
Discharge of Mexican Girls and the
Substitution cf Asiatics by a
Packing Tim the Causs
cf the Ric t.
' *
THREE ARBISTS ARE MADE
Drags Coolies From Tents
and Takes Ttem to tbe
River Bottom.
MOB BRUTALLY
BEATS CHINESE
AT CASABLANCA
BIGGS. Dec. 3.— This morning a heavy
report startled the town and upon Inves
tigation the safe la the office of the Si
erra Lumber Company was found to be
completely demolished. Superintendent
Bicker states that the burglars got noth
ing of any vajue. as he never keeps money
in the safe. In fact, it was .not locked,
and was only used for books.
Kothing of Value.
p
BURGLAES DISAPPOINTED.
Blow Open Unlocked Safe Containing
The arrest of Dr. Burner is the culmin
ation of an investigation started by a
joint committee from the Pastors" Union
and the Santa Clara County Medical So
ciety ta lock into Dr. Burner's religious
and medical standing. Tbe little Quaker
community here objected la the "Quaktr
doctors" masquerading as Quakers. Dr.
Burner appeared before the Pastors" Un
ion when he first came here and stated
he was a minister of the Society of
Friends. An investigation showed " this
not to be so. J. W. Smith of Harrison.
Ohio, efficial correspondent of the Ohio
yearly meeting, to which body the doctor
claimed to t>e attached, states no such
minister belonged to the society.
The doctors have done a big business
here, and it Is said that this is but one
of many similar suits that will be com
menced.
SAN JOSE. Dec 3.— Dr. H. Russ?ll Bur-
I ner. who has been traveling: through the
i State under the title of "the Old Quaker
I Doctcr." was arrested by Constable Ha
1 ley to-day on the charge of obtaining
j money by false preterits. The Constable
f is the complainant. He alleges that the
j dector obtained H>) fraudulently from
1 Mrs. J. Webb of this city. It is stated
J that on December S> last the accused fe
j lonlously. falsely and fraudulently ob
: tained the money from Mrs. Webb by
; representing he was a Quaker doctor, and
» that he and his associates were all mern
1 bers of ihe Sccleiy of Friends. Mrs. Webb
¦ states that the doctor told her that the
I medicines he prescribed hs.d peculiar cu
j rative properties, could not be procured
j from others "and were wnclly prepared by
J the Society of Friend?.
I After getting Mrs. Webb's money, she
j declares the dector failed to visit her. an3
, only gave her a few herbs, which did her
j no good. First he wanted S7C0 to treat her
1 at his sanitarium, or JV» fcr a home
treatment, but firally accepted H2).
I Dr. Burner was arrested and arraigned
; before Justice Rosentha!. A hearic? waj
1 set for January T. and the defendant de
i posited a C3rti2ed check for J10C9 to s?cuie
; his appearance in court.
by the Pastors' Union and
tlie County Medical
Society.
Special Dispatch to Tte Call
Dr. Burner Is Accused
of Obtaining Money .
Fraudulently. ;¦
ALLEGED .VICTIM A WOMAN
Arrest the Result of an Investigation
QUAKER DOCTOR
DNDERARREST ON
SERIOUS CHARGE
PHOENIX, Ariz., Dec. ».— The city of
Pnoesix and the Pboenix Street Railway
Coinpany clashed to-day over the build
ing' of a car line from the city to the In
dian school. The company has been erect
ing poles in the middle of the street with
in the city limits. This morning Super
intendent of Streets Bush with a pan^ r>;
men beean tearing down the poles. The
company's workmen went en erecting
poles until Bush arrested several em
ployes. The company secured aa injunc
tion restraining the ofScers froia inter
fering' further and asking tt'XO damages.
SAN JOSE. Dee.. 3.— Somewhat of a
sensation was caused la Justice Ro5*n
thal's court this morning when the charge
of conducting a gambling game again at
John Zcllar was called for hearing. Jae'.s
Adams, a well known character about
town, was the complainant, as he is in
several other similar cases now pending.
He failed to appear to prosecute to-day.
Then It was that Attorney Louis Onea!
denounced Adams as an extortionist. K-j
declared the complainant was blackmail
ing the gamblers. The attorney stated
that Adams had asked one 0* his clients
for J5C0, la consideration of which he
would abandon the prosecution of th*
numerous complaints to which he hacj
sworn. This proposition b-sin? rejected,
the attorney said. Adaxns substituted a
preposition by which he was to be paid
J75 per month fcr refrainiagr to prosecute.
Justice Rosenthal said that inasmuch
as the complaint was not made with a
view to purifying the community, but 1:
appears for mercenary motives, he would
dismiss the case. He taxed the costs to
Adams.
-"i ¦ ii> — — ¦— —
Poles Torn. Down.
Jose Justices' Court.
LAWYES AIXEGES EXTOSTIOIT.
Attacks Jack Adams' Motives in Saa
About ten years &zo Bailiff shot »n<5
killed James T. Noon, a yoncs and prom
isins"attornev. whom he accused cf aiie.i
atlng his wife's affections. Bailiff w.i-*
arrested, tried and acquitted. Noon ha'i
been befriended by bailiff and made a
welcome visitor to his home.
The funeral services ¦will be held Sun
day afternoon at 1 o'clock from the 1L iL
church In this city.
He purchased a iar<re tract of land «n
the <"a3t side of the trM.""" in 1 --*.:. nher»
he resided until his death. Mr. Bait:?
was a public splrite.1 and enterprising
can and had the confidence of aJ who
knew him.- He leave* a widow, who t»_::»
formerly Miss Jear.ecta Ladd. and two
children. Mrs. M. C. Dillon of X.i; • aivl
John D. Bailiff, who resides on the horn*
place. Ke was a member of the society
of California Pioneers.
Mr. Bailiff was then, employed la con
structing- military barracks for the Gov
ernment at Benicia cn*il November of tb-»
same year, when he. with others, fonne-1
a company to build aud operate the -old
Blumeda'e sawmill oa the site where -itn
town of Freestone In lliis county now 'is.
The orlce of lanjl>er depreciated 30 m
i?3Z that tte niill wy abandoned. Mr.
Ba!l!3 then tcck up lend on the banks of.
the lasuna.-jU3t north of the present site
cf Sebastopol. and there In partners hi ;>
with Jamn Hay ward entered into stoc*<
raising. Durin? thia time he tmiit a
large number of buildings. a.*r. :•¦ .z then
beiSz the firs: frame structure is Santa
Rosa.
John Bailiff had be*n a resident of thl3
county for r*r.arly half a century and r ¦ ¦»
In that time don# much to build u;> taU
section of the State. lie was born oa th«
Isle of Man In 122. When a mere boy b»
learned the trade of carpenter, at which.
he worked until iv!>. when he ernbaxkc-1
on the fever-s:ricken ship Erin's Queen
for New Orleans, and vpon his arrival it
that pert was strfckpn down with dlsca.^e
?.r. I spent two months in a hospital. Ha
was next employed oy the United Slates
Government in constructing bospii.il
buildings for the returning Mexican War
veterans. On the discovery of gt>Id in Cali
fornia Mr. BaiilZT, in company with
twelve others, started- overland i^tj-j
Mexico for San B!a^. where they pcr
cha5ed a schooner to take them to S.in>
Francisco. On this voyage they wers
shipwrecked and hail mary narrow e-*
capes froia irowr.ir.. before Iandinx at
Maiatlar.. The second veyseJ. whlclx lhay
secured at that place, toofe them to their
destination, arriving at the Golden G«ua
in iSS.
SAXTA ROSA. D«c S.-Jotn BaHT?*.
an old pioneer of this county, died about
tZ o'clock last night at his home, eight
mil es> northwest of ihis city, after a. Ions
Illness. He was 73 years old and had
been an invalid for years.
Some Years Ago He Shot and Killed
James T. Noon, a Yotrng
and Promising At-
DEATH RECALLS A TRAGEDY
John Bailiff, a Pioneer of
• . Sonoma County, Dies
PASSES AWAY
AFTER A LONG
AND BUSY LIFE
LAST RAIL LAID ON PICTURESQUE
COAST LINE BETWEEN CITIES OF
SAN FRANCISCO AND LOS ANGELES
The Eighty-Mile Gap Is Closed After Fifteen Months'
Labor, and the New Road Will Be Opened for Traffic
in the Latter Part of January or Early in February
-¦-. ¦>¦¦¦¦ ¦ . . : - . ¦-¦-"/-. ¦ ;^48!KShss«*<- ' ¦ - •
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, DECEMBER: 29, 1900.
SCENE ON THE NEW SOUTHERN PACIFIC COAST LINE BETWEEN SAN FRANCISCO AND LOS ANGELES,
THE EIGHTY-MILE GAP. WHICH HAS FINALLY BEEN CLOSED, THL'S COMPLETING THE ROAD. WHICH
WILL SOOX BE OPEN TO TRAFFIC. "' - '•*-:.
ADVEKTISEHZinS.
For a Cold in the Head.
Lax&tlve Brcmo-Quinfne Tablets. * •
' Tbe fact that aH women srSer during
the birth-hosr leads a great maay iromen
to acf*;* a degree" of stiferirg which is
altogether uazaceaaary. Sometinies it
is nocr&r scsieti— les days before the
struggle is over. No medicine can ab-
solutely eiirritate pain from this time
cf travail, but Dr. Pierce's Favorite Pre-
scription can and does make the baby's
advent practioally painless/ It acts upon
the organ* of maternity, giving them
strength- and elasticity. It produces
phvsscal comfort atad isestal cheerful-
ness. It is an effective tonic, giving
the mother abssdact nutrition far her
child.
¦I beiiTre I ewt err life to Dr. Pfeitg'* rtat-
dies, and tare \fszz felt fe =y d=ty to acisem-J-
vigt the benrft I lecgyed frosi Dr. Pitrce'f
FaTOrhe Prescripden as<5 * Pleasact Pellets.' »
aan Mrs. Maria O. Earzei. wrsisg froaz Erook-
laad. D. C ' Six -wears ago- after the birth of
cue of i=y ciiWrei. I irsi left ia a weak, nra-
dowa cocdirioa. Mr health senaed taterly
«ne. Life was a bcrdea. I doctored with three
CiSerest - sys. ;-.*=* asd got bo relief. I began
to set wonr. and to add to the complications, I
safrred terribly from oKHbpetioa. I chaaced
to eee etw of ya=r adwertisesseats and ooocladed
to trw the abefre remedies. I crannsesaed to take
I>r. Pierce « FaTorite Preseriptkm aad ' Pleasant
Pellets.* aad began to iaiyrowy ri« rfc ! t • wa T- * n< *
continued iaafowatz ace gaicis£ ia trength.
I easaot expreas tie relief it was bo e^eat.
6<^en axontiu later ray little dasziter was bora
withoBt each troctle. 1 feel ttaf I wosld never
ba-s« beea abJ- to catere cy cosL£aem«:t only
fc tie help d=e solely to Dr. ri«re'« medtonra.
She wa» a £se. her'.ity cfc&i. aad tie only one
I have erer bgca able to nrrse." ,
. Dr. Pierce's Pleasant Pellets care con-
ADVEBTISQEENTS.CHAMPION GOLFERS
WILL SOON BE HERE
Clubs Getting Ready to Receive David Bell
and "Willie" Smith.
green committee having devoted much
pains to the task of keeping it up and
Improving it.
In order to raise funds to make the new
putting grounds on the links of the Bans
allto Golf Club, some of the old ones hav
ing been destroyed by the construction of
buildings for the use of the United States
froops. Major T. M. W. Draper has sug
gested the idea of holding a fair on th«!
exposition grounds to the north of th»>
ferry slip. There are to be booths, for
tune tellers and all the other elements of
a country fair. For the benefit of the golf.
ers. putting and driving contest* will be
held.
Men of San Francisco Golf Club Will Play
for Gold Badge.
KEEN COMPETITION
ON THE PRESIDIO LINKS
On Christmas day there was a handi
cap tournament over IS holes, medal play,
on the Oakland links, .the prize being a
handsome cut glass loving cup. This was
won by E. R. Folger, playing from
scratch, with the excellent score of SS.
R. M. Fitzgerald was second, there being
sixteen contestants. R. M. Fitzgerald has
presented two cut glass loving cups to
be competed for by the ladies of the Oak
land Golf Club in a putting contest, which
will probably take place early In January,
and will attract a good field. The Oak
land course Is now in excellent trim, the
Year's day. It is also likely that an In
formal contest will be held among the
members of the Oakland Golf Club. The
ladies of the Oakland Golf Club ; gave a
Christmas tree to the caddies employed
on the course, 1 a suitable gift being pre
sented to each boy.
The golfers of -the Presidio will usher
in the new year and the new century
with .the annual, contest for the medal
play championship of the San. Francisco
Golf Club. The prize is a gold meda!
and the contest is over 18 holes. Little
has been done of late on the San Rafael
course owing to the absence from the
city, of -R. Gilman Brown and the sick
ness of George Heazelton and R. J. Davis,
but It is probable that a tournament will
take, place among the members on New
stone and George' Smith, a brother of
"Willie" and. Alec.- The -San Francisco
Golf Club will entertain the visiting golf
ers oti March 5 and 6, though the nature
of the tournamenti to be heir! has not
yet been settled. It is likely, however,
that a contest open to. ; all golfers,
professionalor amateur, will be decided
upon. . ''^-¦'Viv
The two famous golfers will enter the
State from the South, playing first' at
Coronado, where Alec Smith is the resi
dent professional, and -visiting Pasadena,
Redlands, Redondo, Santa Barbara, Riv
erside, Santa_ Monica a'nd Los- Angeles.
Later they-will play, at Monterey, Bur
lingrame, Oakland and San Francisco.
The Oakland Golf Club -will hold a pro
fessional tournament, which will bring to
gether the two visitors, Horace' and Harry
Rawlins, James Melville, Robert John-
championship of the United States, which
was played on the : links of the .Chicago
Golf Club" on October 4 and 5, this year,
"Willie" Smith took fifth place with a
score of 32S for 72 holes. In lhat contest
Harry Vardon and J. H. Taylor, the two
English golfers, took first and second
places. David Bell was third with a score
Of 323.
The Challenge Is Out.
Wednesday. January the 2d. the greai
challenge will take place, in this city. *
The largest balloon ever constructed and'
capable of lifting over six tons will ascend
fronv Berlin shortly. to make meteorologi
cal observations, it will be supplied with
provisions for several weeks and with two
beds.
Striped bass have , been running In San
Antonio Creek." . W. F.\ Shattuck and • son
had a good catch during: the week. They
hooked six in all, ranging; from three and
a half to six. and a half pounds in weight
W. R. McFarlane/ C.;B.' Hollywood,- O.<
.W;: Jackson, J;^A. Parrlson: and J. Cox
tried Schultz? slough; on: Sunday, last;; but
luck was not for. them. McFarlane : land
ed one fish, the others none at all;
BASS FISHING NOTES.
The . Woman's Christian Temp«ranc<s
Union filed a protest with the Board of
Supervisors yesterday against the pro
posed plan of the Chief of Police to license
Rambling in Chinatown and other evtl In
stitutions. The protest Is signed by Mrs.
Alice E. Bradley, county president of the
union, and Frances T>. Clarke, secretary
Against Licensing of Gambling.
The Christmas number of. Pastime, the
standard',magazine pf ¦¦¦ amateur: sport : on
thei-Paciflc Coast, - gives an .'interesting
illustrated . review. of ; the Olympic Club, . in
addition to a mass of matter of interest
to the sportsman, \ no matter • in which
direction his. tastes may, run.". .The yachts
man, -oarsman, jdog fancier, : racing man;
boxers wrestler, fencer »or ¦amateur* pho
tographer,, will , find much, of interest with
in its covers. The '.magazine is ¦ illustrated
by photographs of; men -prominent' in all
manner/of pastimes." ¦;¦?¦
FINE SPORT NUMBER.
The San Mateo Hunt Club will meet
this afternoon at Spring Valley cottage
on Crystal Springs Lake and will finish
near the Country Club house at Bur
lingame.
On New Year's day the hounds will be
laid on at the club grounds, Burllngams.
at 9:30 In the morning. Next Sunday, Jan
uary 5, the meet .will be at Sixteen-mile
House on the San Jose road at 2:30 In
the afternoon.
.The run last Wednesday, starting from
the kennels at Burllngame in the morn
ing, was one of the fastest and prettiest
that the followers of the hounds have en-
Joyed during the present season.
_ A -card containing nine fixtures of the
San Mateo County Hunt 'for the month
of January has been Issued to the mem
bers. On the 1st. 23d. 26th and 30th the
meets will take place at 9:30 In the morn-
Ing; on the other six days the hour set
for laying on the pack is 2:30 in the after
noon.
HOUNDS SET FAST PACE.
The American Kennel Club at Its quar
terly meeting held on the. ISth lnst. ap
pointed a committee of five to Investigate
the advisability of granting the request
of the Pacific Coast special committee for
special legislation. The committee, which
will be assisted tn its labors by the . sec
retary, A. P. .iVredenburgh, will report
to the annual meeting of the club In Feb
ruary next. The committee consists of
Captain C. B. Knocker, Messrs. Rodman,
Bloodgood, Carnochan and Mortimer.
The secretary of the San Francisco
Kennel Club has Issued a circular letter
to the different specialty clubs of the
coast Inviting an expression of . opinion
from the latter on their respective prefer
ences for Judge of the spring show. The
replies -are expected by the 8th inst., on
which date the Kennel Club will hold its
annual meeting.. -
Arthur J. Allen has been elected to the
Pacirtc Coast special committee In place
of rDr. E. N. Lowry, resigned on account
of ill health. \ •
' Among the recent' sales of high class
dogs is to be noted that of the, fine young,l
collie puppy, Bobby Burns, -by. Ormsklrk i
Chromo out of Otteburn; Belle, sold by F.i
A. Rowsell of San Leandro to Bes-Iamta
Bryon of Alameda,
BARKS FROM THE KENNEL.
The handicap . singles on Christmas at
the California Club demonstrated the fact
that the club has four promising candi
dates for championship honors. Grant
Smith, the winner of the tournament, has
come to the front very rapidly. Drum
mond McGavin has the best style and
strokes of any of the aspirants, but he
lacks ambition to be a champion. Al Ros
enberg is a remarkably good defensive
player, but is not aggressive enough to
be a winner. A little more experience In
tournament play would change this fault.
Hodgklnson Is also deficient in a lack of
knowledge of tournament play.
On New Year's day the club will give
a doubles tournament for the Davis cup.
Being a holiday, it Is expected that this
will be the banner tournament, with at
least twelve teams in the race. O'Brien
and Jones. Collier and Crowell, Lane and
Lane, Reed and Dr. Philips, Grant and
Allen. McGavin and Code, R. Whit
ney and Btaub, and Smith and Cornel]
will be among the entries.
NEW TENNIS CHAMPIONS.
One or more matches in the Round
Robin tournament . may be played this
afternoon, and the golfers of class B may
hold a handicap tournament. On the fir^t
day of the new year there will be a
handicap over 18 holes, medal play, for
which two prizes are offered.- Competi
tors may play at any time during the
morning or the afternoon. '. '-,
The caddies of the San Francisco Golf
Club had their innings yesterday. Four
teen of them competed in a handicap
tournament over IS holers, medal play, for.
prizes in clubs and money presented by
the directors. Four played from scratch,
the oihers receiving handicaps varying ac
cording to thfir skill and experience.
"Willie" Bulger won first prize, a set of
golf clubs and $3 in cash/with a gross
and net score of 101; secortd prize, $3 in
cash, was taken by "Little" Dick Leahy;
third prize. $2 60, fell to Tom Collins;
fourth prize, $2, was carried off by "Buck"
Willie' Kelly; fifth prize, $1 50, was cap
tured by '.'Big" Dick Leahy, and the sixth
prize. $1, was divided between Trix Kelly
and "Shorty" Charlie Walsh. In addition
to those already named. Arthur Hallet,
J. Hanna and E. Hanna played round
the course twice, and "Little" Joe Leahy,
H. Peshon, F. Pierce and Newton Kelly
played one round, but did not go in with
the contest. The following officiated as
scorers: Miss Alice Hager, Miss Sarah
Drum, Miss Florence Ives, Miss Maud
Mullins, R. H. Gaylord. J. W. Byrne and
W. Lester. Robert Johnstone was handi
capper and starter.
The first match In the Round Robin
tournament was played yesterday after
noon, R. H. Gaylord defeating Captain D.
J. Rumbaugh 2 up and setting 1 point to
nls credit.
CADDIES PLAY GOLF.
SPRINGFIELD. III.. Dec. 2S.— At the
State Teachers' Association now in ses
sion in this city, leading representations
of the high school section placed the seal
of their -approval upon the game of
football with proper supervision by high
school authorities and under such regula
tions as shall Insure the elimination of
brutality. After a thorough discussion on
the merits of high school athletics, the
following resolution was unanimously
adopted:
Resolved. That it Is ;he sense of this meeting
that the evils that have accompanied football
in our high schools are not Inherent In the
same Itself, but are the result of the Imperfect
understanding and execution of the proper re
quirements for its supervision and control.
Resolved, That the frame should be contin
ued; that its merits receive more careful and
Intelligent direction from school authorities
generally; that a committee of six be named
to draft a plan for the better reputation and
control of all Inter-high school athletic con
tests.
Tho committee will formulate regula
tions to be submitted to the high schools
for signing and only those schools obli
gated to conform to these rules will be
allowed to enter contests. The central
feature of the organization will be> faculty
control. .
TO REGULATE FOOTBALL.
Ed Whltby and George G. Gould shot on
the Pringle Club preserves last Sunday
and returned with ceventy canvasbacks.
A great number of nimrods will leave
the city this evening-. ; As this is the very
heart of the season and the conditions
are more favorable, now than ever before
the ponds .will be crowded with shooters.
The Field and Tule Club, the Pringle, the
Canvasback and all < the ¦', other Suisun
clubs will be scenes of great gun popping
to-morrow.". So certain are the gunners of
long strings of birds that they are prom
ising feathered gifts for. New Year's din
ners in anticipation of great kills.
Perhaps the red-letter shoot of the year
was that of R. A. Kddy at Cordelia last
Saturday. Think of this, 1G5 birds in a
ningle day, and 150 of them canvasbacks.
This Is a record that will go down in his
tory. For three days Eddy was kept busy
distributing "cans" among his many
friends. v . •
Al Cummings left the city last Saturday
evening for the Field and Tule preserves
near Cordelia. He shot on Sunday, Mon
day and Wednesday, getting a bag of 140
birds, most of which were canvasbacks.
A few spoonbills and teal .were found in
the duck freight he shipped to San Fran
cisco. s«^MBfc«B*^M*iKN"I^S* o W* : <* ;B 8»5lfiy
Spoonbills and teal have been flying
over the Alvarado mar&hes, canvasback
and widgeon at Suisun, canvasback at
Petaluma, and several varieties have been
found on the Marin shores.
It was a Christmas offering, but that
day found few of - the habitual shoot
ers on the preserves." But the Saturday,
and Sunday preceding Christmas were
great days In the season's list of big
shoots. Those who were out brought back
heavy strings that showed more canvas
backs than any other species.
The great, the glorious "can" Is the bird
these days. Even on. those ponds which
the canvasback seemed, to. shun early in
the' season with a prejudiced j eye, this
duck of all duck;? has made a temporary
home. Word comes from " the I Petaluma
marshes, the ' Alameda ' : marshes, the
Marin shor s e t .from Alvarado and the San
Joaquin country ;that duclts are plenti
ful and canvasback predominate in all
the kills.
Frozen lakes In the northern part of the
State and Southern Oregon, a brisk, snap
py-north wind ' and the absence of rain
are. sending the ducks Into the shooting
pond districts by the thousands. Flocks
upon flocks, so dense as to' appear like
moving clouds, have ( been', scurrying
southward during th«; past week and the
shooters, to put it mildly, are ecstatically
jubilant. . . . ; \'.> v
"CANS" PLENTIFUL
Eddy Record Shoot at Cor-
delia Astonishes His
Many Friends. *.
PONDS BLACK
WITH MANY
DUCKS.
Relentless as an Apache. Plunger Tim
Murphy is still hot on the trail of Albert
Simon, Billy Cahlll and Sam HUdreth. A
right smart Judge of horseflesh as It is
used In the. racing game. Tim misses no
opportunity to bid up a selling race wln
r.«r owned by any one pf the trio of own
ers mentioned. The trouble all arose 'over
a ride Clem Jenkins put . up on Count
Hubert at Oakland nearly one year ago.
Tim bet en Count Hubert, and Laura
Marie, owned by Simons; won. Murphy
expressed himself openly over the result,
and it is raid Billy Cahill put the whole
matter before the Oakland officials. This
caused a ruling warning Murphy off the
course for a time. Later he was rein
stated: and how expensive, the affair has
been for his enemies! Last summer Tim
took' Laura nia, owned by Albert Simons,
from a telling race after having won *8WX)
over her victory- Starting the mare In
his own name she beat a good field, en
riching the Murphy 'bank roll, to the ex-
It Is nearly time to hear-about s»ome fast
yearling trials. If the bunch this season
is as had as those of a year ago. with one
or two exceptions, nobody cares to learn
anything of th*=ir maneuvers. H>re it is
almost 1901. with no end to maiden two
year-olds that have kept their owners
broke all 6ummer paying feed and train
ers' bills. If friendly relations are ever
establlFhed with the inhabitants of Mars
and racing and the starting gate gain a
foothold there eight of the ten maidens
now parading at Tanforan and Oakland
will be eligible to the same events there.
"Wash" Norvell has Just one more yarn
to tell on Virginia Carroll. Two years ago
Carroll was booking at St Louis, and his
next door neighbor chalked up 4 and 8 to 5
against a horse he thought looked a sweet
7 to B chance. This compelled Virginia to
bet the neighbor a hundred each way.
Glancing over a.t the eame slate a minute
or two later Carroll was partially para
lyzed to perceive 5 and 2 -now offered
about the horse. "Well. you can- bet your
case dollar that sucker didn't sell any
more merchandise," eald Virginia, "for at
post time 1 was laying 17 to 1 against that
lobster."
Poor Tod! What an afflicted mortal he
is. The little American rider offends Eng
lish, nobility and English customs, is re
quested not to apply for a renewal of his
Mrenw by the stewards on the other side,
end now. after a wearisome trip into the
Western wilds, the newspapers persist in
refusing to allow him rest. Such is the
penalty of greatnpps. Not so many years
ago in this very State Tod was pleased to
receive the pretty courtesies and smiles
from the modett country girls of Wood
land at a ball arranged in his honor at the
close of the fair. Then Tod rode for Book
maker George Rose. Picture, if you can
now, J. T. Eloan riding peaked looking
"skates" at ft country fair meeting. There
remains one desperate resort for Tod to
escape the petty gossip- traveling the
-rounds anent the revocation of his li
cense. Before becoming a Jockey he had
aeronautic aspirations. Perhaps if the
man from Kokomo would purchase a bal
loon and ascend out of sight surcease
from all sorrow and all care might be ob
tained.
Tim Murphy, the Geronlmo of
the Turf, Still on the
Warpath.
SOME RACING NEWS
IS THERE NO
REST FOR
TOD?
games were very close, the third a tie.
Not very" often does a tie game happen
in baseball, and when that tie game is
a thirteen inning affair it means baseball.
The first five and the -last five innings
were spectacular In the extreme, and
pretty much without errors. The inter
est Is becoming keener in this league
since last Sunday and there will be a race
before the season Is over.
The last game of the year and century
will '¦ be played to-morrow at Recreation
grounds between the Koenigs and the
Nobles. They will line up as follows:
Koenlgs. Positions. Nobles.
Perrlne Pitcher ....... .J. Shea
E&ar... .....Catcher...... D. Shea
Kecgan.. ....... ...First base.... Barry
Collins.... Second base............8wartz
J. Bodle... Third base... Kelley
D. Bodio Short stop Carroll
McGee.... ....... ...Center field... ....... "...Beaton
Brockhon\.........Left Held .Jogger
Phil Knell......... Right field... Walters
At the Presidio athletic grounds on New
¦Year's day the Newman &Levison team
.will cross bats with the California Ath
letic Club. The receipts will be tendered
to the sufferers of the ; glass house .acci
dent last Thanksgiving day. the sad ac
companiment of the intercollegiate foot
ball game. The teams will line up:
Cal A. C. ".' Positions. . X. ft L.
O. Nute ...Pitcber.... R. Rigney
D.-'Ryari .......Catcher.. .'..¦..¦..'....A. Arnold
P. Ovrrmohle.' First base J. Milestone.
F. Horcorn........ Second base .....E. Shea
F. RefTeto.. ....... Third base.......... F. Tancy
E. Patterson .Short ntop ..F. Milestone
E. Galleton ..Left field.. ...,H. Renton
J. O'Connor..;..'.. Center .field.. ...... .F. Wilson
G. ' Georsie. .Right field Campy
The baseball teams of Company' I and
Company N of the League of the Cross
Cadets' Baseball League will play at the
Sixteenth and Folsom street grounds next
Sunday afternoon -at 2 o'clock. The line
up Is as follows:
• Company 1. .Positions.- . Company N.;
Crawford ...... . . . . Pitcher ................. . Flynri
Fetinessey........:Catrher .......Butler :
.Power*...... „,..... First base.... J* Kennedy
Grnnvllle.... ...... Second base...;...Cavanaugn
•Waters -. -. ;. . .-. . . . . . .Third base. . .:....; . . Adamlna
McCarthy.......... Short etop........ ....•../.Joyce
Smith..... ...... ...Left field... ......;. ...Leonard
. Amiot Center field. . . McLnughlln
Toomey ...R!ght l neld.:......D. Kennedy
Charity Match Is Scheduled
for New Year's Day at
Presidio Grounds.
The amateur baseball league Is well
under way and occasionally the clubs
that have organized this midwinter series
of games play astonishing baseball. Last
Sunday the Koenlgs and the Alamedas
met for the third time. The first two
MIDWINTER GAMES
AMATEURSON
BASEBALL
FIELD.
On all sides the call for good fights Is
heard— fights between evenly matched,
clever, scientific exponents of pugilism.
Let men of reputation and known probity
come together and organize a club in
which the people who patronize* prize
fights can have some confidence, and the
game will be resurrected. There are two
clubs in the field att present, the National
Sporting Club and the Twentieth Century
Club. ; The public has been duped so much
and so often that some day It will turn
in wrath and everlastingly destroy all
possibility of the future existence, of
prize-fighting In this city unless the game
is kept clean and . untlnctured with dis
honesty. The repetition of such a fiasco
and piece of Intricate Jobbery as the
Ryan-Moffatt-Neill entanglement • should
result in the revocation of a club's li
cense. The Supervisors, who grant these
licenses and permits.- have a supervisory
power, and they should exert it. There are
several members, of the board who show
an active interest In boxing, to know
whether or not the devious, crooked path
has been taken or that the fight is a pal
pable fake. If this is discovered the club
conducting such a fight should come-un
der Supervisorial cognizance.
According to. .telegraphic dispatches
Charley White and, Jim Kennedy are
bound westward to aid the promoters in
securing talent for prospective shows.
These men have long associated with
prlze-flghters.know their habits and their
methods. To make a prize-fight strictly
honest the utmost diligence and care must
be observed on theparl of promoter and
matchmaker. The public confidence Is
something that is easy to abuse, once,
twice and sometimes more than that, but
the San Francisco public has been hit so
often that no iurther juggling will save
any organization of fight promoters.
Once again the talk Is In the air 'of Dan
Stuart and his Carson carnival. . It seems
that this great fight promoter still nur
tures the idea of .a colossal fistic show In
¦Nevada." Stuart always was a man of few
words. When he arrives here he may or
he may not tell us of his plans.
The next local match will in all proba
bility, be between '.'Dutch" Thurston. Alex
Greggalns' ' protege, and Otto Cribb, the
successful Australian. Alex ' Greggains
does , not entertain many . complimentary
'ideas about Cribb; as a fighter, and is
willing to bet hats or any old thing on his
man.'. Crlbb is anxious to get at Thurston
One crying evil in the sport that should
receive the attention of the Supervisors
Is the so-called amateur clubs. When un
trained men, with all the evidences of
mental and physical • pugilistic ignorance
; superinduced by the steam beer habit are
allowed, to fight, until '.they drop It" is high
time that some corrective measures
i should be enforced. Of all '¦ these amateur
Strange to say, It rests with the Super
visors of the city and county of San Fran
cisco whether or not this city will have
ring sport in 1901 worthy of the name.
Such a motley array of fights as were
presented to the public In 1900 is hardly
worthy of the name of sport. Not one
first-class affair relieved the monotony of
an unbroken, sandy stretch of mediocrity.
And the reason for this lay In the clubs
that operated and conducted the prize
fight game.
East Turns Westward to Ar
range for Matches of
tha Coming Year.
SOME NEW PLANS
PURIFY THE
FIGHTING
GAME.
The last days of the old year and tho
first days of the new will be replete with
coursing of a very high standard. Th>?
regular open stake of 128 entries in whicn
all the strong ordinary dogs are entered
will he- tne programme to-day and to
morrow. On New Year's day a special
high-class stake will be run and on Jan
uary i and 6 there will be an open even;
as well as introduction stake.
The special holiday stake. Tuesday.
January 1. will be a special stake in ev
ery sense of the term and a big special
at that. Sixty-four docs, all In the ?ame
class, just a mite below the champion or
der, will course for prizes big enough to
warrant the competition. The drawing
for this stake will be held at Union Far*
on Sunday afternoon. The train service
on this day will be at 10:15 and 11 a. m.
and 1 p. m., return, trains leaving th»
park at 4:43 p. m. and. immediately after
the conclusion of the day's racing.
The introduction stake to be run on,
Sunday, January 6/will be a great event.
Only sixteen entries will be allowed with
an entrance fee of $li). Difficulty is be
setting the officials In limiting the entries
to sixteen. Here are some of the dogs
that will race: Beacon, Luxor. Palo Alto.
Sacramento Boy. Little Sister and Wedge
wood, all noted performers and many
times stake-winners.
The first Interstate coursing event will
bo the Washington birthday programme.
the Belle Brandon for saplings and the
special stake, as yet unnamed, which will
become an annual stake. It will be a
substitute this year for the John Grace
cup. the date of which has been changed
from February to October.
The Ingleslde Coursing Association met
on Thursday evening to discuss its finan
cial status. A committee was appointed,
to effect a composition with creditors on
the $200*) debt now mantling the organiza
tion. If the creditors will agree upon a
settlement the stock, will be assessed.
The English dogs lately imported, Rep
resentative and Whim, did not give a
good account of themselves in their first
performances. They were much over
weignt and in no kind of condition. Slnca
the initial trial they have been put in
the hands of a competent trainer and good
work Is expected of them.
' In a letter answering a number of ques-.
tlons interesting to coursing men. Dr.
Van Hummell. an eminent coursing au
thority, gives this list for the six greatest
greyhounds in America: For Fire«»dom.
Palo Alto. Emln Pasha, Susie. Conne
mara and Diana. He consider* St. Clair
Ernin Pasha, Fortuna Favent©. Fabulous
Fortune, Skyrocket and Van JJye thn
most successful stud dogs of the present
time.
Holiday Card and Introduc
tion Stake Will Be Made
Noteworthy.
COURSING EVENTS
tent of $13,000 more. William C. Whitney
then purchased her for a fancy figure. A
truce, it is claimed, has been asked for,
but the tall plunger only smiles.
A humane society in one of the Eastern
cities recently prevented the appearance
on the stage of Robert Fitzsimmons' in
fant Fen. The "turn" of young. Mr. Fitz
simmons probably consisted in putting up
his hands, swinging a six-ounce -pair of
clubs, .bowing to the audience and then
hustled off tq bed. Mow- horror stricken
some of these moral fanatics would be
could they see a 56-pound "kid." looking
all over like a "Jersey skeeter." rlJing In
a race. The chances of an accident oc
curring are tenfold as compared to the
children of the stage, and nothing is ever
said. F. E. MULHOLLAND.
clubs there Is but one that looks out for
the condition of the men that enter the
ring, and this club was the first in the
field.
-WILLIE" SMITH AND DAVID BEEL. THE MOST FAMOUS OF THE PROFESSIONAL GOLFERS IN THIS COUNTRY, WILL BE IN CALIFORNIA WITHIN A FEW DAYS. THEY WILL
PLAY IN EXHIBITION AND ALSO JN TOURNAMENT AGAINST THE BEST GOLFING EXPERTS IN THIS CITY AND ITS SUBURBS.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, DECEMBER 29, 1900.
SPORTS-GOLF, RAGING, COURSING, SHOOTING, BASEBALL.
world have been born and bred. "Willie"
Smith took second place In the open
championship at Baltimore on September
14 and 15. 18TO, making the 36 holes in 77-S2.
total 133; while the score of "Willie." An
derson was 77-81, total 158. Alec Smith,
a brother of ••Willie." was fifth with a
total of 163. In the sixth annual open
AVID BELL and "Willie"
Smith, champion and profes
sional players of the Midlothian'
_ Golf Club. Chicago, arc expected
to roach California early In the
r?ew year. Eoth are from tht famous
polling town of Carnoustie, in Scotland,
where many of the great golfers of the
FINE STAKES
FOR NEXT
YEAR.
4NEW TRADES UNION.
CH ICVgO. Dec. 2S.— President Ripley . of
thsSanta Fe. speaking to-day of. the re
ported acquisition by tnat road of the
Pecos Valley and Nor th western Railroad ,
1 ' 1 ' 1 'igjTSiijijjffitirPifii' lijjii nii
i.VWe T have ; owned , that : road for some
: time"; and have no Intention," as reported,
of extending* It to j Albuquerque,- nor "have
we the slightest desire to block, any plans
of 5 the 'Rock Island ' for". extending' Its sys
tem."
NO EXTENSION IN PROSPECT.
Miss Lizzie Campbell of • ,Wichita",
Kansas, Marries Professor Hay
mail of v Calif ornia. .
.WICHITA, Kans., Dec. 28.— A dispatch
received here says that Miss Lizzie Camp
bell, for twenty-seven years a famous bus
iness woman at Wellington, and j one of the
wealthiest in the State, has married Pro
fessor John Hayman of California. They
were engaged to be' married ! thirty-six
years 'ago. in Indiana.- Mrs.' Hayman died
last. year and her husband uv mitigate his
grief visited the : Paris Exposition, .where
he met Miss Campbell ;for the first time
since they were lovers. The . old flame
rekindled In both; and they were married
last nigh t/iif&SStSiKSt&B&tiWt&rmiaa&i.^ ¦ - ; ¦-.,
.'. «The Wellington cyclone in 1*52 destroyed
several i thousand • dollars' ... worth ¦ of prop
erty;' for Miss , Campbell, but : the ¦ good
times r of the 1 past • four ' years have made
her '' a . rich - woman again. « She Is ¦ known
far and wide. *JTBr|ft»TTi7nwa3)miHH1l BUM ffi / 1
OLD LOVE IS REKINDLED
.AFTER TEARS OF ABSENCE
The- recipients of the testimonial are
proud of the; spirit which actuated Sir
Thomas Lipton In sending It so many
miles across *. the sea. and are preparing
a return message. that will emphasize the
regard of those who send it for the game
and popular Sir Thomas.
two ago. After journeying as many miles
as will Shamrock II before Sir Thomas
discovers that there is a shoal anchor at
tached to the cup he covets, the cake ar
rived in this city in perfect condition,
bearing an engraved card reading "With
"Sir Thomas J Upton's compliments."
Manager Kirkpatrick of the Jesse Moore-
Hunt Company, who "took the cake."
opened the tin receptacle In which It was
Inclosed, and was delighted with the spec
tacle that met his eye. The cake Is round,
cf the genus "fruit" and embossed with
all kinds of gingerbread work. In the
center Is a composite creation, which
might represent faith, hope and charity,
or something else. This consists of a
cross, an anchor and a pair of hearts,
done against n >light purple or mauve
background. Underneath are the words.
"With b«st wishes." -painted Jn old Eng
lish test. " An Irish harp In one corner of
the ' centernlece evidences the patriotism
of the sender. ' c^ttSfebJSiBB
bn^HAT gallant sport-loving Irishman
.1 ¦ Sir Thomas Lipton. whose greatest
• 'II ambition now Is to "lift" the Amer-
XI ica's cup. that coveted symbol of
the yachting supremacy of .; the
world. Is nothing if not original. Ab is
generally known. Sir Thomas has ; waxed
wealthy by selling teas and other luxuries
and necessaries for human ', consumption ',
having establishments for that purpose in
every, civilized country, and it is also a
fact that the wide-awake British yachting
enthusiast Is "a. worldwide dispenser of
certain popular brands of whisky distilled
amid the heather of Scotland and the bogs
of Ireland. The latter industry is 'the
cause of the Lipton name again coming
before the public, but, as usual, in an
original manner.
Sir Thomas has an . agency In this city,
for the exploitation of his special brands
of whisky.. He has other agencies through
out the world.* and in order that each may
take the cake lias sent, out' to all wonder
ful creations of therLondori confectioners'
art in the shapo of Christmas cakes.
. One of. these reached this city a day or
CHICAGO. Dec. 2S.-By the close vote
of 7 to 6 the Western Turf Congres de
cided to-night to rescind the rule limiting
racing on Chicago and St. Louis tracks
to dates between June 10 and November
15. The old rule Is now in force, as before
the last annual meeting, which allowed
racing without date limit.
The meeting was harmonious and the
defeated delegates declare that they will
abide by the majority vote; of the con
gress. The meeting adjourned . without
taking any action on any other, question
having been in session a little over two
hours, -r - ' ¦-, .., .••;-. ¦ - -~Z..;^.
The following . members ¦ voted for the
change:; Washington Park, Hawthorne
Harlemi SL Louis, Memphis, New Or
leans and Tanforan, ,
Thosx* voting against it were: Little
Rock, l.atonia. Highland Park/ Louisville
Nashville and Newport.
Ingleside was denied a vote in the meet
ing. after the. chair had ruled that it was
entitled to one. The decision of the presi
dent was not sustained, '.the . vote 'stand-
Ing 4 to S. President Howard. based his
ruling! on . the . fact that . the . California
club'e; membership did not expire until
December' 31, while the opposition con
tended that the membership. expired with
the cloee of the racing season.'
Chicago and St, Louis Win
Their Fight in the Turf
Congress.
OLD DATES STAND
REMOVESTHE
LIMIT ON
RACING.
In Addition to the Jockey's Suit, His
Mother Secures Restraining 1
Order From Court.
OAKLAND., Dec. 28.-Mrs.Mary A. Co
burn has begun suit against . Thomas -W.
Lottrldge to restrain him from attempting
to debar Jockey Willie Coburn from ridine
for other horsemen than himself.
This step was taken pursuant to a sug
gestion from Judge Ogden. made at the
first hearing of Lottridge's motion to dis
solve the injunction; to the effect that the
pleadings should not ; have been made in
the boy's name, but in that of his mother
the Injured, party,. Accordingly the court
to-day, granted a second' injunction re
straining : Lottridge as prayed in the
mother's complaint.
The second -complaint repeats the
charges mad* at first, but elaborates the
reasons why the horseman is injuring the
jockey's Interests. It Is charged that Lot
tridge has put Coburn on. inferior mounts
because he was , more ; interested In the
betting than in the running.
LOTTRIDGE IS DOUBLY
ENJOINED BY COBURNS
FINDI^.\Y. Ohio, Dec. 2S.— Lester Reiff,
the Jockey, h'as .started .'for California on
a business mission. It is said that . he
has received a letter from Richard Croker
asking him to purchase three of the
fastest horses in the country for his
stables in England. Reiff will incidentally
take in some racing' events and invest
some of his money in a fruit ranch in th<*
vicinity of San Jose, Cal.
REIFF COMING WEST.
NEW ORLEANS. Dec. ,28.— Weather
rainy; track heavy. / Results:
One mile, selling: — Dramburg ¦won. West
Baden cecond, Helen Paxton third. Time,
1.47Vi. t
Six furlong— Madeline G won, /Henry Clay
Rve second, Algle N third. Time. 1:19V4.
Mile nnd an eighth, selling— Ben Chance
vnn, Little Boy Blue second. False Lead thlrdl
Time, 8:02. '
Six furlonprs, relllngr— Alpaca won. Avatar sec
ond. Lady Contrary third. Tim". l:ls^.
Seven furlongs, gelling— W. B. Gates won
Handcuff second. George Magee third. Time.
1 :25.
On? mile— Trebor won by four lenuths Dan
Cupid second, Domadpe third. Time, 1:4S'±.
RESULTS AT NEW ORLEANS
Probable "Winners.
First race—Edna Brown, Companion. Illu
sion.
Second race—Bill Oarrett. Wooster Boy, Dan
rerous Maid.
Third race—Lrtrd Cheeterfleld, Eva Moe.
Credo.
Fourth race—Hildreth stable, Canraore.
Filth race—Dr: Bemays. Opponent. Donator.
Mxth race—Honduran. rhoenlasa, Haralamb.
15RK Phoenissa 1Q7 Piarelln irr
HMwmjaa, p 107 i^Hon^n-::::::!?
.-.£ Iftl !/ ac *1 Olle and a "Jxteenth miles- thr»e
rear-olfls and upward: selling
\Al B ' IIy , Moor * 9S| i:,21 Donntor .104
lunM lS r 110 1S *'^» Rev. io«
1464 Rolling: Boer.. .127! 1336 Kemiworth ££l2?
Second race-One mile; three-j-ear-olds; purse
14W £?»?i° Ut Ma!<5 «<!"-"-3)MacGvle " n
First race — Five and a half furlongs; maiden
two-year-old fillies.
1650 Instant* 10D Companion 105
Ii29 Eetelada lOi C*rthaRina joy
1641 Luc& 100 ....Carrie Lucas...!*
1*14 Marlon Bristol.. 1051 922 Annello 105
1541 Lueera 105! 13M Illusion 100
1518 Edna. Brown... '..10; I 15:9 Plcklow 105
Fir Rolla HnlOtlnerto 90
Silver Tone 103 Rollick ST
Pat MorTis8ey........lC2!Gold Badge. 87
Plan lP2JHoma*e 85
Herculean 102!Azlm S3
Haviland 102;
Following are to-day's entries:
<CopjTlghte<3. 1SCO, by W. A. Martin. All rights
reserved.)
The California State Agricultural So
ciety has announced three big stakes for
future meetings. In 1902 the event will be
a sweepstake for then two-year-olds
(foals of 1900), the progeny of stallions
nominated by January 1,1 1900. The foals
are to be entered by January 1. 1901, at
$10 each. Entry of foals must close with
th»» secretary on January 1, 1901.
The second stake is to be run at the
State Fair meeting of 1903 and will be a
sweepstake for then two-year-olds (foals
of 1901), the progeny of stallions nominated
by January 1, 1901. Nominations of stal
lions will close with the secretary on
January 1. 1901.
The third stake Is the Occident, a trot
ting stake for foals of 1900, to betrotted
at the California State Fair of 1903. the
entries to close with H. Lowden, Sacra
mento. The stake will reach S3000 In
value. The date of closing Is January 1,
1901 >
MUST FILE ENTRIES SOON.
GREAT CHRISTMAS CAKE
FROM SIR THOMAS LIPTON
British Merchant Prince and Yachtsman
Sends Token to Local Agent.
/f *=^ HICAGO, Dec. 2$.— Lieutenant Gib
// son, favorite for the American
W Derby at Washington Park last
summer, because of his Kentucky-
Derby and Clark Stakes and La
tonla Derby victories, the pride of the
stable of Charles II. Smith, the Board
of Trade man, and the colt held so highly
by many turfmen that his owner was of
fered $20,000 for him. Is dead. This animal
Besides the ecven cases in Judge Mo
(tan's court, eijfht cases will be called in
Judge Cabaniss' court to-day and two
cases In Judge Fritx's court, and on Janu
ary 5 nine cases will be called la Juds*
Conlan's court, so that there are twenty
six altogether Mill pending.
Poolsellers have renewed their fight
agralnst the law. A petition was filed yes
terday by Harry Corbett for a writ of
certlorarl under which he seeks a review
by the Superior Court of the record of the.
trial In. which he was convicted .and flne<l
$25 for violating the antl-poolselllnsr or
dinance. Corbett avers that his convic
tion was. Illegal in tnat the complaint
against him did not state facts sudden*
to constitute a crime or public offense.
A similar action on behalf of Joseph Mo
han was also instituted.
"I will Issue suhpena?." said the Judge.
"to all the defendants to be In court Mon
day morning, and 'will also ask the Dis
trict Attorney to be present in person so
that some definite action may be taken.
The cases will be continued till that day."
There was also the case of Edward Mor
gan on the calendar, for whom Attorney
Porter Ashe appeared, and It was contin
ued till Monday on the same understand
ing as the other cases.
Attorney Collins Intends to appeal to the
Supreme Court in all the cases decided
against the loolsellers by the Superior
Court Wednesday, and that may account
for his objection to carrying , out th»
agreement. Chief Sullivan said yesterday
after learning of the action of Collins'
representative that in hia opinion th©
court has the power to enforce the stipu
lation, aa the poolsellers willingly agre-a
to It. He will await developments.
Attorney Coffey, the special prosecutor
looked surprised. He asked Levy w:--at tie
meant. "There was a stipulation made by
the poolsellers." continued Coffey. "that
if the appeal tas»s went agafnst t*«»m
they would plead guilty to the cases «till
pending and go out of th* business."
The Judge remarked that he understood
that was the understanding.
"Well." said Levy, "the police hare
broken their side of the agreement by ar
resting some of our clients for vagrancy,
and as they have, broken their stipulation
in that regard we dr» not feel cal!e<l upon
to keep our side of the agreement. !
The Judge said he did not understand
the attitude of the defendants. Al! that
the court had c-ognlxance of was th» fact
that a stipulation had been made f> try
the cases appealed on th"!*" merits, with
out juries and technical objections, and if
the decision of the appellate court wa»
against the defendants they would plead
guilty and so end the cost of prosecution
and the hardship of calling upon cltiz?ns
to act as jurors.
The decision was given aealnst them by
Judges Lawlor. Cook and Dunne, sitting
in bank. .Wednesday, and when the oa?rs
of Thomas Corbett (two char?rs\ J.
Smith. Joseph Brown. Joseph Mohan *and
H. W. Pike w?rp called In Judge Mogans
court yesterday Attorney Levy, represent
ing Attorney Collins, announced th3t th©
defendants pleided not guilty and" de
manded a trial by jury.
The poolsellers do not seem Inclined to
carry out their part of th<e agreement en
tered into between them and Chief Sulli
van, that in the event of the Superior
Court deciding against them on the app?al
cases they would plead guilty to the re
maining cases In the Police Courts and go
out of bu.s'ness.
NOT TO PLEAD GUILT
Judge Mogan Issues Subpe
nas for Their Appearance
Next Monday.
POOLSELLERS
WINK AT
DEAL.
Gibson would w^ the Washington Park
classic, l-riends of the turfman even went
so far as to tell what disposition Smith
was go.ng to make of the purse— It was to
be presented to his family. But Sidney
Lucas and James were the popular equine
.uols in the eyes of race track followers
that day and Lieutenant Gibson was
shorn of his track honor?. It was his
feelinc of rejrard for the animal that
caused Smith to refuse a princely sum for
Lieutenant Gibson.
was sick for some time In the Smith
stabl* 1 at Washington Park. Death was
due to complications following the opera
tion of "firing." So quietly were the plans
for the removal of the body and Its burfal
executed under orders from the owner
that it was not until to-day that tt be
came generally known the colt had been
¦ buried more than a week.
Smith confidently believed Lieutenant
Special Dispatch to The Call-
Trick and fancy springboard diving— J.
Dixon, J. Hackett. C. Butterworth. H.
Ryan, J. I^elcken. J. Rogers, F. Brown. F
Ritter, R. Cordell. H. Carter. W. Mc-
Gulre, T. Thompson. P. Levin, H. See
bach, J. Dollar, D.. Berwin.
Fifty-yard dash, Juveniles— R. Jerman,
F. Butterworth. H. Doxon. A. Raich,' W.
O'Brien, E. Kipp. W. Ryan, A. Martinez,
D. Hand, P. Lockwood, F. Bogen J
Dwypr. G. Irvine, J. Shelton. G. Ander
son, F. Burns. P. Revert, C. Donovan.
Under water swimming contest, tub
race, high divine for boys; open to all.
One hundred yard race, amateurs— P
Sunberg. F. Ralston. J. Hay. H. Mitchel,
J. Molntyre. G. Randall, H. Irving, A.
Baudoln, M. Carmody, R. Riding, C. Au
jrustup. O. Lowenberg, A. Reese. E. Bell,
J. Hardiner. L. Scott, S. Finnigan, H.
AV'olbert.
The programme of swimming races at
Sutro's Baths for to-mofrow Is:
SWIM MJ NC AT~~SUTRO'S.
LIEUTENANT GIBSON. FAVORITE FOR THIS YEAR'S AMERICAN DERBY AND RATED LAST SPRING AS ONE
OF THE MOST PROMINENT COLTS IN THIS COUNTRY. HE "WENT WRONG" DURING THE SUMMER
AND HIS DEATH IS NOW REPORTED FROM
PARK. FRIDAY. PECEMBBR IS.— Weather fine. Trark fast.
1B».s. FIRST RACE— Five rurlonjr*; selling; tbree-year-o!(j»: purse, »S».
, _ . ! jPoTj • ~~T ™ I, — Pettlnr —^^
Index How and Wright.! Put 'St. 14. %. Str. Fin. i .looter v«. I Or*.- HI. Cl. PI.
MM 'F!or!r<»l II «m( 9l3 lh 14 13 13 Irinminlck ..I B fl 11-5 «-&
1504 Rueetto 104i Jl i 7 fih 42 14 !3 lOrar I 7 12 12- 4
ISO* 'Aitrr'j G«rter....l04i IS f S Jl 2* th Jh rvr-r nT i« r ..I J-2 J 9-S 4-R
4M Hilary ..,...; ms! ill 2 4 » h (H 4n 'nullnjHn ...' fl 1R IS »
1M :Voun* Mor«!lo...l07l *jl 4J fi 5 I I U iMminrf ....' 1" IS R -, ¦:¦.; I
1U% Pweet Voice 94 1 SI4 « I «n «1 * U, iR B n«ch I' 10 IS IK K
7£1l IPJ-oenitra 104! 4 'B 71 71 7* 74 :m>rl!"»-»mn I 7 IS 35 8
490 irvi \1«t» 1(M' B'10 88 Hi »J «J l^«'i-oll I W\ 10 :? 4
ir,n 'I.*w 7*rs. 94i 8 ill 41 ft 4 S * 9 8 I.T I>n?v.....,i 1.1 Wl 4'i y\
11M The Ssot 1041 K 5 10 n 10 5 10 « 50 K If^hnrn < « 15 ' 1« f,
ir«7 '^Iocmp 9.C lrt i t 116 11 J Jl 2 112 ir-nnrrnpn ..I TO , «ft ifl SO
1524 Judre ShropBhlrf.lM' 7 ill 12 il H 12 !n a l Brown. 1 20^ 1QQ 1Q0 40
T"n»— K. :»4V: H. :3!: H. \:O0K- Fa'" Ft*rt. Wnn flr^t throe drlvin*. Wliner. H. T. Gr!'
fn> rh. r. by Fonso-La Bell* III. Flor<n»-1 b"r\ wprV"<l f>rt and *vas h«B\-«lr Alary>
Garter none f>o ram*. Hiliry wee bsck*(!. Tour.r llcr«'-'-0 e fa'.ie clarm. I>«w Zara li a
cipher. The Scot a poor piper.
1559. SECOND RACE— One mile: gelling: thrgg-year-olda an<! vr>: rtirrf. fJCO.
* fP^n I I. T».r;!nt-
Ir.dex jHorre. Ajte. VTeJirht.JPfit'St. H. 't. •"•". Fin. ' J~-v«v.. '. On 1T». . r\. T>1.
tf'l : *"re« T^inre. a....i:4i *'i lh ?! !1 ] n !v t,.ww,,i r.» 7-2 ji 4I5
VU '«w Hnwtrd, I..1M! Its K14 S h SS JR 'o-i-rrnrr I ..I t-l !-* H-S 9-10
5W0 'Prrrotm, S 1101 4'R Sh *h !! f. f f^-ot,"/.- ., J « th s a
1M7 Txithlan. 4 12S! R'7 «1 : u «»1 4?- !¦>-»,, .w>,..,.v ' « T» IS K
ISS* 'NVif Sup*. B 119! l!l 41 J! ru KJ ln>. t i. v \ 1 j- ,r, M »n
3S« IWIUUm F. 3 inn! 719 «. g« »y « 1 iT^ nr^. a: , ,.1.30 fn jn »
1M0 Ocmond. 4 Ml»j KI4 lh 1 r. i h 7 * I * 1R 1R fi
l-- f -4 'Mar.Lftren. 3 ifK] 5!« « « « 2 _,# 10 « 15 I" — «. n . ! " d ift \i\ 4
1S10 Megnus. 5 109! 8 ! g 71 9 0 9 ;n:i11tren .'.'.! 7 . It 12 4
T>me— U. :25«i: 'J. :50H: %i If17; ml!*, 1:4?%. Goo* rfarf. Won <"r«t thr^ <3riv|rie. Wln
"•r. «. »i. Kuchfman'ii ch. h. by Ir^a. OtTmli«r-T*iS» Al''-*. T^X>VT rhry>\ ur Frw I^r<'<»
»f a. terrier «-ould a rat. winn'nir »>11 ah)ai!» O'Cnnnnr wx'tcd too lo"< with Howard
Non* surh off on hnckstretrh. Ma^r u? »M Mrlym "»v>- poo-lv Ra"6 a cheap or.e
J - S r 5:?l5^jrJ^P* < r > l J *. l^.^yj^f' WandWos i«. Cold npron 1C9.
ir»n<». TtllRP RACK— Onf m'lr; fr>^> handlrnp- threo-yfar-olds ana"upT7Kir!^7'$JOoT~^'
Tnder;Hori.e. Are. We!Kht.;pFt'St. U. H- «5tr. Fin. " JfW» T s. ' Op. W. n. ri.
n il ;T^* 4....1W! S! 2. 5 4 5 2 T\ iA%'4yiear*£ff*i\f™£t !iI?-5 Ii.s 7!r.
i*«7 iriuth of Oold. s..ir?' 3!E 4n 4H s 14 ? 3 ir-->^— , 1 4 11.. 1, » f {
ir-«-. IWooRter Bov, 3. .113' 4!l ;i 11 j? S1 . ip.,i ln . nl , " "' g. s 3 . \ ,.-,
IMS 'Montunlr. S 1^7! <i I 4 SI 8H 4* 44 Sn'C^rinr.^ "l S « - ¦» - -,
1S1« IXfajrpie Duv'.s, 4.. 07! l!S 11 2 2 R 5 f 1 '3 t»- p m 0 "l fi '¦ U t<i 4
U?4 !Floriiar. 3 102' ; | 6 t 6- «_ 6 'TSnm'nirk .'..' ft 15 1! 4
T'm»— i;. :*ni: 14. :S0«£: «4. 1:15: mile. litVJ,: fV^,1 -t nr t -n- rn aJ] „„, e;~^7r~-^~^Zi
flrtvinr. 'Winner. F. J. O'Rourlt-'s ch. h. 'n? Bn.'t"»-V»Ti ¦VN'ir.r— v»l' r'dd»u ?n<1
bert to-day. Flu«h cf OolJ « clever fl'1^- arhrri -*•-'<' v-~-t^- t._- ,,.^,,]^ —,?>,-' corrv a
toothpick. ?.fontan!c ran a? If *#ven furlon?« f"|»«-<' *••»« ii»tf^ r _ Flor'rnr Ftale.
1S61. FOURTH RACE— Six furlongs: selling: tvo-yrer-^fiT^^'r^VM.
' tPO.I 1 I '' r. rf||n -
IrniexjHorBe and Weight. !Pst '.St. H- K. ft: j Fin. ] J^Vev.. I On. HI. Cl. PI.
ISM 'nandr Jim 1W! 7' 3 4h SI 21 I U.*. irnbvrn »~ "* in -
147R 'Sad Sam m.V 2 IS 11 12 in "ii;ir.,,' '""\ „ ,, ,; 4
l.'IS lAndrattu^ Ill' 4'1 ah 2? S4 .1 4 " 'nuiim.n '1 s-» < 11 4*
1441 !Klnr»telle lftS' SIT M US 5 1 44 !R"~b,»T.» n ' "l "jn is is «
1579 IThracla in**! 9 I 4 7 4 7 ?. « 1 r. Jt 'r-Tnrnor 1 S IS is «
14«? 'Modder ins' slii 514 (4 4H « 4 i\ro«r,^« .flj i< r£ n
JSIS52 1 ** IS"!" fi1 fil 7 1 7 1 (J. .Miller 1 20 4* 4r> 13
JW Ourtier 1W1 1 J ?H *2 ? « !r^p^ I « ]n in 4
1M4 !Remota 105! 3 ! » ; iTJ^rArK Vj 7J ?.; 4 6 U
Time— H. :24: U. :4S : «4. 1:13«i. Bad Ktfrt. TT/>n first th»-ep d-trlT-». rrj- r p^ T?i."he« * Fl"
nTmittinr Coburn to h»r the raH an! beat hot*' Bnt 'Of tW« ?•— ---.V v,,-'«\.,I ."'
tp^ned !^. lDS *" ° Ut " C0UrtI ' r ' h0Tr * 1 "P^ 3 - Reratehed-rondo 105. VoJiie Fcrc« 105. •IWt"
1 «Oa. FIFTH RA C^FlvefurloTigrr^lTrngrtKi^r^^^
Index :Kor<« and height. jp«t|st. H. «i.' fitr. Fin. I Jwkey.. !' O p. PI.'
14?2 'Kitty Kelly 104! 2 [I Tl I * II 1 n Ino^lnlrk I T — ,~* k 1 g
1V« !r OT , piav 104! 11 I 31 2 U 3 2 S - i" 'Pm-W " I E* K.I V* il
749 'Paul of Tars™. ..104! 914 SH 514 ?h s? l M nnn*« ".^ ' ? 5 '« ' 4 "J
iw "ni- Buffoon !«»»' BtS «u 5S «j 4 J iron,,™ "" 1 ,' n * *
is-* 'St. Anthony 107! 3 1? 4 1 « 4 7 S ' « " iRui'^an '" s U ? c!
14t» !R«ru a Bill 104! K(9 7 » « n ri bv , J 4* 4I 5 ,'!
»sn 'r:rev Bob 104t 7?« 5 2 IS M «* '"nA ZJ: ,* il •¦ ,t }l
•!5ns <J. Doherty 1<Ml 1 111 1« » 9 9I 9 7 lKt»»rt | M Jo ; m
1F^4 iRandom 1<U' Rig i] i« 10 5 m s iKnU 1^ S m V*
l^ggl^^fegg tak ' BOm ' ggg -« "me o.t. Buffos
1503. SIXTH RACE-One mtieT*O^n^ninTa1iiicTt^ "^ ~~
Index JHorM,. A^ Weight. IPMlgt. H. U. str. FIt,. I .Tooker,. |"^T~ ViV""^ pf
1540 !Grand Pachem. 5. 5«i! 2i5 5 K g 5 [MotSVT .!"'"{ • 5 ""2 J " 2
E»irV*kTbrSlnS5n!^H. V^^ *™ -^ "
Tayon well ridden and did hi, best. Headwat-r ran fc bmer. 'Coupleg
THE CALL'S RACING FORM CHART.
Mor.taric 106 McNainara SI
Da.vid Tenny I0« Vain 81
Morlnel 106 'My Gvpiy 81
Eara Fullen... lC3-Trlinmer 90
W«i W~4C&*&e'ie M
Gauntlet 10."^Evirato J>0
Roslranie 104 The SJp.jrer 90
TW.skler 1CH Alice Dougherty W
El M!do lMlSid C 91
Hair.Tltcn II KHKalos »-»
T»ie Monk 133 Grafter 90
The judges 1 »ve exonerated BuUman
from any bl&xne because of being left at
the post on Golden Age Thursday.
After Florinel had taken the opening
Fprir.t Tim Murphy bid up the gelding
from t2iQ to «(*>. and Albert Simons let
him go. I-ater Green Morris took the pur
rhas<=- off Tim's hands at a slight advance
la price,
Thif will he the closing day at Tanforan
¦with the Jorcaile Champion stake as the'
1 mature.
J. K. Hughes, one of the owners of
Dandy Jim. had a pood bet down on the
colt, which ran a corking race.
.Followine are the weights for the Xew
Tear handicap, purse $2000. to be decided
at Oaklajid. A handicap for two-year-olds
and upward. Winners of other than a sell
ing purse after the weights are bulletined
<I>eoember V7) to carry five pounds extra
To be run Tuesday, January 1, 1901. One
mile and a furlong:
FfcTOOtaa 12*]Ealrat!on 100
Vcsuiian 1£2 Iniperioua 100
TZdiir Jocw IMilLotMan mo
Advance Guard 115! Prejudice 100
Zoroaster 117;Bathos 1«6
John A. Morris 115 1 Constellator 9»
V.asziei 115 ; Free Miner S?
Andrisa 114 March Hare 99
"What>r L<rj :..112'Crotnwen j>9
Vladtor 112 farda " si
Arbaces 11<> Dare II {•$
Pr. Berna.j-8 lit*, The Bcbby 9%
Forrr.ero lCS;Tempo $S
Torelaa lW'Tenrlca '. w>
Precumr 10S Scotch Plaid S6
Th* I'Vetter 106 f5tar Chime S«
Tuttlll lW.Mortpape 8S
Ro8ormcr.de l(*,La Boryia S3
;.!alay 106 Sir Hampton S3
Track Notes.
AS the finale to a somewhat
f=prck!e<J day's pport. an owners'
handicap was piv*>n at Tanfonm
Park yesterday, with a toothpick
set as the minimum weight. Like
ell events of this sort, it furnished a per
plexing betting problem and was thor
oughly enjoyed. The ring? laid 8 to 5
f gainst Louis Ezells grand little mare
The Lady, a ?*-pounder. with J. Walsh up.
end it was just a gallop for her to step
around the ellipse in 1:40. Fred Cook's
sprinter Tayon. carrying Dominick and M
rounds, finished a creditable second five
lengths before Bathos, Headwater ran
tflsarpointinjrly, though*' carrying Fome
heavy commissions. J. J. Moran put up
his 65-pound eon on the back of Grand
Sachem, and the youngster, lookir.g like
a freckle on the back of a Stockton slough
tnoEsjulto. handled his mount quite clev
er! y.
The talent lined up in splendid form.
giving the books a lively tussle. Three
favorites, two second choices and a 10 to
1 shot. Dandy Jim. were the purse getters.
Probably when everybody becomes die-
Sru«ied with his actions Montanlc will get
in and beat some of the swell seL There
is no denying, though, that the three
year-old burned up a deal of coin by not
coming through In the free handicap, over
& mile. His price was hammered down
from € to 7 to 2. and despite O'Connor's
urging he was all out a furlong from the
rtand. Mounce rode a natty race on The
Fretter. getting the Brutus horse over the
line more than a length in advance of
KJush of Gold, the mile being covered In
1:40*4. Wooster Boy made the running for
over Fix furlongs, when he had enough.
Florizar failed to show any speed.
Quite a severe jarring was given the
Ting over the win of the opening sprint by
Klorinel II. The gelding had been going:
very fast in his workouts, ar.d. backed
from sixes to il to 5. won easily from
F-acetto and Alarys Garter. Young Morel
lo, Hilary and Del Vista were tips that
bailed to pet there.
Corrigan's Sam Howard, a three-year
old by Riley, closed favorite for the mile
selling affair, which followed. O'Connor
took matters too quietly with him the first
part of the route, reaching- the wire a
neck behind Kree Lance. Nash Turner
rode the latter horse, which was quietly
b'ct extensively bet on. The others were
beaten off.
Hughes & Elliott took their first purse
of the season with Dandy Jim, winner of
the two-year-old event. The colt was
splendidly handled by Coburn. and at odds
cf 10 to 1 led Sad Sam and Andrattus by
the Judges, ail three driving hard. Andrat
tus had the call, but was beaten long be
fore the wire was reached.
A batch of cheap ones started in the
five-furlong run, fifth on the card. Kitty
Kelly closed a slight favorite over Foul
Play, and In a. close fit earned the verdict
by a scant head from Barney Schrelber's
filly. Saul of Tarsus ran a very closw
third-
By F. E . MULHOLLAND.
Ezell's Mare Took the Owners' Handicap in a Big Gallop— The
Fretter Downs a Fair Field, Ridden Out.
NOTHING ABLE TO GET
ANYWHERE NEAR THE LADY
There is strong opposition to fighting in
New Jersey. Chicago is out of the race,
so San Francisco and Carson City are
likely to be the amphitheaters of pugilis
tic bouts in the future.
Few flst'c entertainments will he held in
the East for some time. Already opposi
tion to hoxlng is manifesting itself in
Connecticut, and it is said fighters will
socn have to move away from the Nut
meg State. Philadelphia is no longer a
factor in pugilism. The death of Edward
Sanford, an amateur boxer, following a
bout with Joseph Kelly in the Quaker City
a week ago. has resulted in. the refusal of
the authorities to issue any more permits
for bouts.
When the Jeffrles-Ruhlln match was ar
ranged for Cincinnati it was supposed that
pugilistic event* would be encouraged in
ihe Queen City, but, the announcement
conies from the managers of the Saenger
fest Athletic Association that the heavy
weight championship battle will be the
only glove event permittea in Ohio. ' This
statement is also accompanied by the an
nouncement that immediately after Ruh
lin and Jeffries have settled their differ
ences the building In, which the event
takes place will be torn down.
Nevada is also likely to figure promi
nently in a pugilistic way. According to
a dispatch from Chicago "Dan" Stuart, a
light promoter, is now en route for Car-;;
eon City, where he expects to make ar
rangements for' holding bouts. Stuart
managed the heavy-weight championship
battle between' Corbett and Fitzslramons,
heidUn Carson jL'ity in 1197. He is a lead-
Ing spirit in the athletic club there and
owns a controlling interest in the. club
house and grounds. It is said that he will
confer with others interested with him
about the advisability of holding a pugil
istic carnival. . •
NEW YORK. Dec. 28.— While opposition
In the East to pugilism seems to be grow
ing:, boxing has been restored to favor In
California, and It is likely that the Golden
Gate will be the Mecca of pugilists during
the winter-months. Not discouraged by
the methods of fighters, whose actions
have made them unpopular in the East,
the Supervisors of San Francisco have
placed boxing on the list of legalized com
petitions, having issued a permit for a
limited-round bout between George By
ers anil "Tommy" Ryan, to take place on
January 11.
Special Dispatch to The Call
San Francisco the Mecca for
Knights of the Squared
Circle.
MANY ARE COMING
INVASION OF
PUGILISTS
LIKELEY.
TENNIS, FIGHTING, FOX-HUNTING, SWIMMING, FISHING-SPORTS
THE SAJ? FRANCISCO CALL., DECEMBER 29, lOOO.
Charles Head Smith's Great Thoroughbred Dies From Complica
tions Due to the Operation of "Firing."
LIEUTENANT GIBSON'S
TURF CAREER IS ENDED
MAMMOTH CHRISTMAS CAKE OP GORGEOUS HUE AND ELABORATE
DESIGN, SENT BY SIR THOMAS LIPTON TO THE LOCAL. AGENCY
FOK HIS IRISH AND SCOTCH WHISKIES.
Will Stop Prizefight.
PATERSON. N. J.. Dec. 2S.— Chlaf of
Police Graul Issued an order to-day pro
hibiting the holding of boxing bouts In
this city in future. The Chiefs order is
believed to be a -result of the outcome cf
the bout last night before the Passalc
County Athletic Club between "Myste
rious" Billy Smith and "Young" Maho
ney of Philadelphia. The audience was
much dissatisfied because the tame affair
wa, declared no contest.
CHICAGO. Dec- 2S.— The Record says.
Chicago saw .the birth of a new national
labor organlxation last night, whose head
quarters will be In this city. The new
body 'Is the Gas and Electric Fitters' Na
tional Association of 'America. The object
of, the organization !s to effect an amal
gamation of. the 'lighting trades, so that
Internal dissensions over trade jurisdic
tion may 'cease and the better Interests)
of , all be conaerved/ggSgl
5
Review of the Cen-
tury*
By justtn McCarthy.
The Christ That Is „ T
To Be. IN
B7 REV. SAMUEL SLOCOMBE =
===== THE
Glimpses of the Fu- l l "^
to£ " SUNDAY
TheSOMostFamous
Men of the Century CALL
The Twentieth Cen-
— — DECEMBER THIRTY.
r> f t "D J "D J NINETEEN HUNDSEa
Peck s JDad boy and =====
the Groceryman
Start f or New York
I AND A HOST OF INTEFEST1N3
STORIES FOR THE NEW YEAR.•¦-¦¦¦" . - - .--¦ .->•¦¦¦ -v -
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, DECEMBER 29, 1900.
SATURDAY DECEMBER 29, 1900
JOHN D. SPRECKELS Proprietor.
Hint* 111 Ccmmn&iettiens to W. S. LEASE. M»m»ger.
MAXAGi:R> OFFICE Telephone Prr«» 204
pTflLICATlOX OFFICE. -.Market and Third. S. V.
Telephone Pren 2O1.
EDITORIAL HOOBIS 217 to 221 Stevenson St.
Telephone Preaa 202.
Delivered t»r Carrier*. 15 Centa Per Week.
Slnffle Cople*. S Cento.
Terms by Mall, Including Postages
DXIl-T CALIi (Including Sunday), cne year 4 ....M.00
PXILT CALL (Including Sunday). 6 months 3.00
X5AILT CAXX. Oncluain* Sunday). S months l.W
DAILT CALL— By Single Month «6c
fOCDAT CALL. One Tear... l.M
"WEEKLY CALL, One Tear 100
All postmasters are anthorlfed to receive
¦nbncrlptlonn. "ft
Sample copies will be forwarded when requested.
Mail rjbttrlber* In ordering change of addre?s should be
particular to rive both NEW AND OLD ADDRESS In order
to jr.sure a prempt «nd correct compliance with their request.
OAKLAND OFFICE 1118 Broadway
C. GEORGE KROGXES9.
Kactgtr Foreign AdTertisi&g. Xarasetto Building. CMeagt, ,
(Long Distance Telephone "Central 261».">
NEW TORK CORRESPONDENT: / '
C C. CARLTO.V Herald Square
XETW TORK REPRESK>TTATIVE:
frTErnn\ B. SMITH 3O Tribune Building
NEW TOTIK NEWS STANDS: , -.;
TCaJderf-Aetorta Hotel; A. Brentano. n Union Square:
Slurray H1U Hotel.
CHICAGO NEWS STANDS:
Sherman House: P. O. News Co.; Great Northern Hotel;
Fremcct House: Auditorium Hotel.
WASHIIVGTOX (D. C.) OFFICE 14O6 G St., !T. W.
MOni'OV i:. CHAM;, Correspondent.
BRANCH OFFICES S27 Montgtjmery. corner or Clay, open
until J>:SO o'clock. SO0 Hayes, open until 9:J0 o'clock. 633
McAllister, open un;il S:30 o'clock. 615 kerkin, open until
S:SO o'clock. :$41 MiMlon. cp«n until 10 o'clock. K61 Market,
corner Sixteenth, cpen until 9 o'clock. 1C96 Valencia, open
:!r.tll » o'clock. | J0< Eleventh, open until * o'clock. >« W. cor
ner Twer.ty-seccr.d and Kentucky, open until 9 o'clock.
PROFESSOR T. J. J. SEE OF THE NAVAL OBSERVATORY AT ¦WASHING
TON. WHO HAS CALCULATED THE YEARS OF MAN'S EXISTENCE
ON EARTH.
Irate Father — I never gave my father
impudence .when I was a. boy. * I
Son— May;- be ;-your ; . father % didn't I need
it.— Harlem life. ; I
ii»M Hi pii»wwiis»»iMiBnlBWni^BllBllMMIITMTlT1l I tUBimiil
) An •; indignant : local^vCitizcn.has.had^four lnembers
of the 'Spade r family {.'rfestcd "'fo'r • "various alleged
offenses.- He slioukl have drawn' for one more and 1
played with, a 'full house.
The Mexican millionaire who fleeced an unsuspect
ing; Oakland real estate 'agent the other day is sin
gularly like certain Mexican politicians whom we have
known. This surr-thinjr habit must be one of the dis
eases produced by the southern climate.
George ¦ W.v Peck, ex-Governor of Wis
consin and. author of "Peck's -Bad Boy,'.'
is .back in harness. He has been engaged
on the; New ;York World staff.: and he is
writing", a series- of articles entitled
"Peck's Bad Boy; Grown .Up," which will
appear, from: time -to time in the- Sunday
World and also in the San Francisco Sun
day,Call. "Peck's Bad Boy" caused more
genuine laughter than'any .like!publica
tion we know. It was : a panacea for the
blues. ''Peck's Bad Boy Grown U^" prom
ises to ; be more , funny. Read it In the
Sunday San Francisco, Call and >-ou will
laugh and grow; fat. ; \
Rocklln Representative.
Laugh With The Call.
WASHINGTON. Dec. 28.— L._ McCreery
is at the' Gordon: J. McMullerijs at the
Shorehamf T. -Mageo is at the Raleigh.
All are from San Francisco.
OAIilFORNIANS IN WASHINGTON
ANSWERS TO QUERIES
CHAMBERLAIN-M. R. H., Sheep
Ranch, Cal. Joseph Chamberlain was not.
a Lord of< England at the time of the
breaking out of the South African war.
.ROAD COMMISSIONER-C.. San Ma
«teo. Cal. In California the County Super
visors • are the Road Commissioners of
their respective counties. They discharge
the duties of that office without compen
sation, -r-
BANK COMMISSIONERS— H. J. M.,
City. The Bank Commissioners will lis
ten to any complaint you may have to
make about the conduct of a bank an-1 In
vestigate If there is any merit In tne com
plaint. Office of the, commission is at 030
California etreet, San Francisco.
TRAIN ROBBERY— C. R.. City. If this
correspondent, who' neglected to give his
address,' so that he might be communi
cated with, will tell where and about
wh«?n the train robbery he seeks informa
tion*about occurred the answer asked ior
will be furnished in this department. %
TO PROBATE A WILL— Reader. West
Side, Cal. The law does not permit any
one to practice in the Superior Courts of
California who has not been admitted as
an attorney. As the probating of a will
must be in the Superior Court of the
county in which it is offered, an attorney
must attend to the business. The execu
tor, unless an attorney, cannot attend to
such a matter. • • -
ELECTRICAL COOKING-M . S. H..
City. All sorts of apparatus and utensils
are made" for convenience In cooking by
electricity. . An electric oven with a glass
door Is lighted with incandescent lamps,
while the thermometer shows the degree
of heat. A visit to any Btore where such
are sold will give at a glance to any one
interested the manner In which the lamps
are applied to the various utensils.
CIVIL SERVICE EXAMIN'ATIOXS-A.
S., Crockett, Cal. If you wish to take the
United States Civil Service examination
select the department in which you desire
a position, write to the clerk of the com
mlssionin that department and he will
if you send -him a stamped and self-ad
dressed envelope, furnish the desired in
formation. As you do not designate the
department you seek a position in this
department cannot advise you.
BANK DEPOSITS-R. E. C, Cummln3
ville, Ohio. The -law of - California 11 rela
tive to the publication of the ' names of
certain depositors in ; savings banks pr«>
vides that within fifteen days after the 1st
day of December. 1S93, and within fifteen
days after the 1st of December in each
and every succeeding two years there
ahalUbe published once a week . for four
successive weeks a list of all such de
positors who have not during a period of
ten years made any deposit in the bank
in which they have an account.
DRILLING GI^ASS—G.. City. By wet
ting an ordinary drill with petroleum or
benzine it will bcre through common elass
as rapidly as steel. If it Is Intended to
bore through the glass should befirVt
countersunk on each side with a drill
dressed off so as to form a very flat three
sld*l:pyramid.-. It has been recently aT
certained that diluted sulphuric acklH
much - more : -effective,-" with less wear nf
the tool. In Germany! glass castings for
pura Pj barrels and. so forth are drilled
Planed and bored -like Iron 1 ones and In
;SifflS,u}S?«ML^ maChlnery hyth ?M
9^^^bSBbbb9BHbbbbb^bbbbbbbbsbbIsbbbbbbbsbbb9&bbbb!
SMART WALKING DRES3.
The walking dress represented in the
illustration Is of blue hussar cloth,
trimmed with brandenburgs and a "de
passant" of astrakhan. The *kirt has flat
pleats, sevrn half way down, on the sides.
Plenty of fruit at Townsend's. •
All new stock of candles at Townsend's. •
New fire-etched boxes at Townsend's. •
Cllolce candles. Townsr nd's.Palace Hotel.*
Ex. strong hoarhound candy. TomTiserjd'3*
Thousands of pounds of California glace
fruits all ready for shipping. Townsend'9.*
Townsend's famous broken and plain,
mixed candy, 2 lbs 25c. 633 Market street.*
Time to express Townsend's California
glace fruits to your Eastern friends. .•
Townsend's California place fruits. 50c a
pound, in fire-etched boxes or Jap. bas
ket?. A nice present for Eastern friends.
639 Market street. Palace Hotel building. •
Special Information supplied daily to
business houses and public men by tha
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's). 610 Mont
gomery si Telephone Main 1011 •
An enterprising St. Louts tobacconist
advertises: "Imported cigars of my own
manufacture."
The California Limited
On the Santa Fe- starts for Cnicaro To«s4ay
mornlr.fr. January I st * al nlne o'clock, and
will J«are dally thereafter at same hour. It
will bf a duplicate of tbe Limited of last lea
son, except that entirely new equipment has
been provided. Th» Pullman Sleepers each
contain ten sections and two drawing roora.i.
The Observation Car. with- Its wide plats glaa*
window*, affords unobstroctad views of th«
surro undine , country. Alt meals «q - rout* aro
served In new Dtntnx Cars, , under th« man
agement of Mr. Frod Harvey. This sumptuous
train run.* from San Francisco to Chicago la
75 hours. Get a handsome Folder, describing
it fully, at Santa. t'e Office. <U Market street.
So small a showing on the part of the counties of
a rich and populous State like- New York tends to
console us for our own lack of progress. We have
dene almost as well as that ourselves. When we re
view the work in reilly progressive commonwealths,
however, our delay in road improvement appears
something like a disgrace to the State. For example,
the New York Tribune says: "The State of Con
necticut has built 209 miles of good roads, or had
done so a year ago, not to mention; what it mayvhave:
done in the last year. Massachusetts down to 1 - two
years ago had built more than 270 miles. And New
Jtrsey, which was the pioneer and his still the banner
The discussion that has taken place over the Oneida
proposition has brought out the; fact that despite the
three years' campaign of education in New York un
der the good roads law, only twenty-seven counties
have even made a movement for, road improvement.
In those counties, it :s said, petitions have been filed
for v the improvement of 696 miles of road, 407 miles
have 'been surveyed for improvement, but less than
54 miles have been or are being improved.
The plan, of course, has not met universal approval,
nor is it likely that ?ny other would be received in
that way. There are differences of opinion among
men, and differences of conditions among counties,
and consequently agreement is difficult. The essen
tial point is to get some plan that will have the "sup
port of the majority, and by giving it a fair trial dem
onstrate to all that it would be better to get road
improvement by. that plan than hot to get it at all.
A plan recently proposed by the Supervisors of
Oneida County, New York, has attracted much at
tention in that State and is worth noting even at this
distance. In its essential elements it is simply a pro
posal of co-operation between the : State and . the
counties. The State is to appropriate $500^000 and ths
counties arc. to appropriate an equal; amount.for.the
gcneral scheme of improving the chief highways of the
5tatc If all the counties do not vote their share of
the amount desired, then the plan, is that those doing
so shall have the aid of the State to an amount equal
tc their local expenditures, and so be enabled to go
forward with road improvement' without waiting for
the less progressive counties.
NOW that the time for the assembling of the va
rious State Legislatures is approaching there
is in all progressive communities a revived in
terest in the subject of legislation to promote the
improvement of highways. Plans of one kind or
another are being advanced in nearly every State in
the Union whose Legislature meets this winter, and
from a study of some of them California may be able
to derive information cf advantage in dealing with her
own problems of road construction.
WORKING FOR GOOD RO0DS.
•Governor' Henry T. Gage Is at the Pal
ace.
C. W. Pendleton of Los Angeles is at the
Grand. 5^7.-'-":
¦-.E.-H.'Cox, a Madera banker, is at the
Palace.^ ; ". ¦ *
Dr. "WV J. Younger of Paris ia at the
Palace.
Rev. W. L.. Clark of Benlcia is at the
California.
John HIckman. a Nevada cattle man, Is
at the Russ.,
Thomas E. Hughes, a Mexico mining
man. Is at the Lick.
C..E. Johnson and wife of Yreka are at
the Grand for »i few-days.
' Mr. and Mrs. W. Ii Pritchard Jr. of Sac
ramento are at the Grand.
J. M. Canty, a fruit merchant of Gray
son, is at the Grand.
S. M. Griffiths and W. H. McKenzle of
Fresno are registered at the Occidental.
"W. D. Tillotson. a Redding attorney and
mining man. Is registered at the Grand.
Jonathan C. Royle, a capitalist of Salt
Lake City, is at the Occidental with his
wife.
Lee Parker, a Spokane . merchant, is
spending a few days at the L4ck with his
wife:
Captain John Irving is registered at the
Palace. He Is interested In Yukon River
transportation. ;
McDonald Douglass, assistant manager
of the Hughes House at Tucson, is regis
tered, at the Lick.
Eugene E. Smith, ex-secretary ' of the
Pacific Coast Jockey Club, is among. the
late arrivals at the Grand.
General : George .W. Davis and Captain
F.-L. Parker are at the Occidental. They
are on their way to thd Philippines.
PERSONAL MENTION.
The new South wants prosperity;: to , gain' money
even to build monuments in memory of the old South
and it finds io-cent cottonto be more profitable than
the Chicago platform and Colonel Bryan's political
hysterics.
The. Republicans will probably be able to repress
their grief at the spectacle and will go right on seek
ing commerce, expanding trade, building ships, ex
porting products of American industry, digging th«;
Nicaragua canal, keeping our money sound,our, credit
good and our. position as a. creditor nation unassail
able. In fact, will go on conquesting the commercial
world and keeping Uncle Sam's feet warm and his
head cool, in;spite of Colonel Bryan aild his news
paper, and Mr. Kern and his fsore head.
Meantime, the political fatigue of the South will
seek rest by t wheeling into the Republican ranks;
where its interests and inclinations lead if The gen
eration that bore a grudge against the party that con
cluded the Civil War' has passed. A new generation
is on, that wants to live in twb-sto'ry houses and wear
white shirts, go' to church and travel, run 'cotton mills
and iron smelters and build 'ships; and ''saii'tKem. ,It
respects the memory of itsi forbear's, 1 but for all that
does not find'it necessary to always live in rags and
tab. . ¦' • - ':-:: '. '-! --
The critics of Cleveland firmly, but not mildly, re
fuse to improve the new year and the new century by
swearing off. and. quitting their vaganes.-and. proudly
announce that they are of the tribe "of Ephraim, and
will stay joined to their idols. The other branch ot
the party march under the banner. of Eli. They want
to "get there," and in 1904 we. will have the;
two tribes in the field beyond a doubt. Each will have
a candidate, and each will woo the rank and file to
support it. ;¦ .--. . - -\\\ .¦
This broadside is the first answer of the besieged
insiders to Mr. Cleveland's assault (in their position.
They own the organization and occupy the works, and
propose that the party shall remain Populistic, even
if it lose Montana, Idaho, Nevada and Colorado, the
only States left to it in the North.
Mr. Kern, who go: weir thrashed last month as
the Bryan candidate for Governor of Indiana, girded
at Cleveland viciously, and put flarmony behind him.
apparently through a desire for another beating. In
1806, at a meeting v ~ in t Indianapolis, Mr. Kern an
nounced himself a gold standard Democrat and made
a notable sound money speech in praise of the finan
cial recommendations of Mr. Cleveland. Yet he was
surprised at his defeat for Governor this year, when
he stood on a silver standard and paper currency plat
form! " -- ¦ •
Colonel Bryan improved the occasion to issue a
prospectus of his forthcoming weekly paper, in which
he will meet all comers, attack all goers, and answer
all questions, from why is a dog's nose cold to the
reason why wheat and silver so often part company
and go asunder in spite of his declaration that they
were divinely joined.
THE CALL was not mistaken when it said that
the only response to MrJ Cleveland's letter on
party rehabilitation would be a further expres
sion of hatred for him by the men who ousted and
succeeded, him in the leadership of the party.'
The' occasion came in the banquet to Colonel
Bryan at Lincoln. The Colonel and John W. Kern
cf Indiana and all the othej speakers took stunts Ht
the ex-President and belabored him and all his works,
by direction and indirection, by innuendo, insinuation
and all other ways known to politicians and spcll
! binders.
DISRESPECTS TO CLEVELAND
manity."
San Francisco should do her share in showing
honor to the Red Cross. The branches of the organi
zation in other lands have been endowed by various
means, but the American Red Cross has as yet had
no endowment or sustaining fund. Let us now con
tribute to its work. Let us give the American Red
Cross the means of leading its allied societies of other
nations in all the work it may have to do m advan
cing the cause embodied in its watchword, "Hu-
It is stated that the meetings have been arranged
for in upward of fifteen thousand cities and towns in
the United States. They will therefore constitute
eomething like a gr;at national and popular demon
stration.. One of the features of the meetings will be
the "Greetings" which have been contributed for the
occasion by eminent men and women of all civilized
countries, including rulers, statesmen, poets, philos
ophers, soldiers and novelists. These men, represent
ing the light and leading of the age, have consented
to assist the Red Cross in welcoming the age that is
tc come, and their messages of greeting will be
among the best features of the celebrations.
It is- announced that the object of the meetings is
partly to raise funds ior the American National Red
Cross and partly to signalize the dawning of another
century by giving worid-wide prominence to that fra
ternity between nations which tends to ameliorate the;
horrors of war. Each of these purposes appeals to the
humane and to the generous instincts of the people,
and will doubtless draw to every one of the- meetings
audiences sufficiently large to make them enthusiastic
and impressive.
In the univcrsalism of the Red Cross there is noth
ing of sentimentality. It does not ignore the nations,
nor regard patriotism as a little thing. On the con
trary it appeals to ail noble national sentiments and
aspirations. Thus there is a branch of the organization
in every great country, and it is our own American
National Red Cross that is going to keep watch-night
i:i our cities and towns. We can therefore co-operate
with it as Americans proud of our nation and ready
to give help to every good work done in its name. .
In the course of its comparatively brief history the
Ked Cross has kept watch many weary nights among
the wounded of battle-fields and among the sufferers
of stricken cities. Its members have shrunk neither
from battle nor from pestilence. They have been in
besieged cities and among the besieging forces, with
the victors and with the conquered; and always they
havjr i5cen in every position as friends and helpers.
They have looked upon no man as a foeman. They
have been received by none with hostility. Under all
circumstances and by all sorts and conditions of men
they have been welcomed with gladness. Conse
quently at the closing of the century the flag of the
Red Cross stands as the banner of humanity, and it
will be hailed as such in the century to come.
The Red Cross is one of the noblest results of all
the moral and intellectual work of the nineteenth
century. Its humanity is universal, generous, self
sacrificing and beneficent. From every good impulse
cf the heart, from every abiding sympathy of the mind,
:t dra.\s forces which it directs to the accomplishment
of the fullest charity :n war and in peace. It makes
use of patriotism not for the purpose of arraying th?
people of one nation against those of another, but for
the higher purpose of inciting them to emulate ons
another in the great work of advancing the welfare
of humanity itself.
RED CROSS WATCH MEETINGS.
\A ANY and various will be the modes by
/ \ which the people of the United States will
celebrate the dawn of the twentieth century,
but of them all none will be more significant of great
things done and greater good to come than the watch
rreetings arranged i'or by the association known as
"I was in charge of one of the parties
sent South to observe the eclipse where
it was total. It was noticed there that
the corona, that peculiar light which the
sun throws out in slanting rays, was
more clearly defined and larger than ever
observed before.
"According to astronomical calculations
the rays of light extended much farther
than any other previous report accounts
for and "were brighter. After careful In
vestigation I came to the conclusion that
the unusual size and brilliancy of the
corona was the cause of the extraordinary
heat all over the northern hemisphere this
summer. It necessarily follows that the
more force the sun expends the sooner
it will burn itself out. The closest estl-
ON the threshold of a new century, it
is well to halt for a moment the
better to'' see your finish as others
see it. Cne of the others, accord
ing to the Chicago Times-Herald,
Is Professor T. J. J. See, an astronomer,
who has charge of the big telescope in the
naval observatory at Washington. He
claims to have made a discovery that
pleads him to believe that mankind has
only 3.000,000 years to live on mother
earth. In a recent interview on the sub
ject Professor See said:
"I believe that the existence of man
kind will end on this earth In, about 3.000,
000 years, although, of course, I cannot
state this as an undeniable fact. The de
struction of the earth will undoubtedly be
caused by the sun, but I do not accept the
theory that it will be brought about by
collision or fire.
"Cold will be the exterminator. The sun
will eventually fail in force, and light and
heat will depart from our planet. The
condition of the sun has been changing for
many thousands of years, and the end is
still a long way off.
•"The excessive heat this summer was.
1 believe, due to an unusual condition of
the eun. which made itself manifest in
the eclipse which was watched with such
interest by astronomers all over the
world.
"This will, according to my discoveries,
come to pass because of the exhaustion
of the sun's •pnerjry. Old Sol has already
expended eight-ninths of its energy, and
at the present rate of beat increase It will
take no more than 3.000.000 years for the
remaining one-ninth to burn out.
"The entire colar system will then be
bathed in perpetual night. The earth and
its sistcsr planets will continue, however,
to travel on their orbits around the dark
ened sun. which will still remain the cen
ter of the solar system.
"Despite the eternal darkness which will
reign when the sun has burned Itself out.
man could still continue to live on this
gloomy earth if it were all he had to
cope with, for long before 3,000.000 years
hnve elapsed man will have lparned to
manufacture artificial daylight. But when
the light cf the sun is withdrawn the heat
which makes life possible will go with it.
This, it is, my belief, will be what Is
termed the end of the world.
"In my- theory of the extermination of
the earth. by cold I am backed by Poulllet,
who some sixty years ago found by ex
periments on the solar radiation that ac
cordingSfto the amount of heat annually
lost by -the sun it would* take but 21S0
years 'before- its present force began to
lessen. Later Langley decreased, by ex
periments, the loss of heat until he deter
mined that the present force would endure
for 2300 year3 and that It would be over
2.000.000 years before the world was
plunged Into total darkness."
mate I can make a» to when our bright
and shining light will forsake us la 3,000,000
years In the future.
"There Is a diversity of opinion as to
just how the end of the world will come
to pass, and a great many stories have
been set afloat frightening the timid and
credulous into a belief that the day of
judgment was very near. Most of these
scares have been based upon the theory
that the sun was moving rapidly toward
the earth and would eventually collide
with our terrestrial planet.
"There Is still another theory, andtthia
Is the one I hold— that the earth will not
be burned, but frozen; that our world will
not" be destroyed, but merely made unin
habitable by the excess of cold.
The approach of the new century should stimulate
the Police Commissioners to turn over a new leaf
in dealing with vice. They have done wisely. in re
jecting a bad plan; now let them act more wisely
still in devising a good one, and by enforcing it with
« vigor which will rid the city of thpse vicious re
sorts that are a temptation to fools and a source of
crime.
Now that this issue is out of the way the police
should set about adopting measures to effectively
close up the, forbidden places. No discrimination
should be made between one class of offenders and
another. Many forms of vice have been carried on
in this city with such boldness as to justify a belief
in the public mind that the authorities are not eager
to suppress them. That belief remains, notwithstand
ing it is well known great difficulties exist in obtain
ing evidence to convict or juries that will return ver
dicts against certain evildoers. The obstacles in the
way of the police are. understood, and the public will
not condemn the officers unjustly. Nevertheless the
opinion prevails that many of the worst places in
Chinatown or out of it could be suppressed if- the
police authorities were more resolute and determined.
With this action there passes away a threatened
sensation. The Commissioners, if they ever had any
intention of adopting the plan, were wise in aban
doning it. As was pointed out by The Call yester
day, it would have been an outrage against law to
have attempted to put it into practice* by the evasive
tactics which wero at one time suggested. Whatever
be the law, it must be obeyed by all citizens and en
forced by all officials charged w'ith. that duty.
1 ; ROM the promptness and unanimity with which
1 the Police Commissioners on Thursday. evening
l ;> r- rejected any suggestion of licensing gambling,
or of evading the la. v which forbids suc|i licensing,
it is evident there was never much danger that such
a policy would be undertaken. The sensation on the
subject appears to have been a case of exaggerated
reports, and of making much ado about ..nothing.
The policy was discussed by members of the com
mission and given consideration, but -that seems to
have been about all. At least when the issue- was pre
sented the Commissioners speedily .rejected it, and
further expressed their disapprovalof it by instructing
the Chief of Police to "enforce all the laws and ordi-'
nances of the city arid county and also of the State
relating to gambling."
A SENSATION THAT PfilLED.
THE \V;asi>ington correspondents of the London
Times and Chronicle are said to be Americans.
This being so, it is peculiar that, in their cor
respondence, they go so much beyond any bitterness
cf feeling that has been shown in England over the
Hay-Pauncefote treaty. /
The British Foreign Office has made no sign at
all, and the British press has shown feeling only be-'
cause of the talk in- our Senate % of abrogating the
Clayton-Buhver treaty without consulting England"s
wishes in the matter.
The two correspondents glaringly misrepresent the
constitutional duty of the President, and attack him
with peculiar venom aid vehemence. They mislead
their English readers by assuming that the. Hay-
Pauncefote treaty, in its original form, was passed
upon and approved in a specific sense by our people
«t the recent election, and that the President and the
Senate are in a conspiracy to disobey that popular
If the British Foreign Office act upon this ranting
misrepresentation it will be apt to take a position,
supposed to be in harmony with the wishes of our
people, which will of course be dreadfully antagonis
tic to the Senate and the administration. This will
create a sensational situation and lead to an acute
misunderstanding between the two Governments.
We do not for a moment suppose that the British
Foreign Office will do this^ for it understands per
fectly the constitutional limitations of the President,
and is not ignorant of the issues decided by a na
tional election \n this country.
But it is probably different with the British public,
and it is to that public that the American authors of
this sinister correspondence look for the effect which
they hope to produce. The people of ¦_.• England
brought about the Transvaal war. When the Queen
rode in the stately procession during- her .jubilee the
spectators — gentry and mob alike — saluted her with
the cry, "Ma'am, please give us a go at old Kruger."
In their present frame of mind the people of this coun
try want no war. It is true that to avoid one they will
rot sacrifice any rights nor put any in jeopardy. But
they have no ill feeling toward Great Britain, nor,
we believe, have the British people against this
country.
The action of these American correspondents can
be explained only on the theory that they are de
liberately seeking to embroil the two countries.
Our war with Spain, with all its unseen conse
quences, and sequels of which none can see the end,
was not brought about by the administration, but by
the people, appealed to and moved by methods -not
creditable to those who used them. We do not wish
to see this country and England nagged into war by
like methods. The proper policy of both countries is
peace \vith*each other and with the world.
Their Governments have upon them the duty of
conserving the prosperity and happiness of the peo
ple, and this duty cannot be discharged by war.
We resent the aspersions upon President McKin
ley all the more because of their origin with American
correspondents of foreign newspapers, who know
better than the rot they write.
The American people should* understand the
source of these attacks and treat the controversy in a
level-headed way. In the recent campaign they were
deluged with denunciations of what politicians called
an alliance with Great Britain, of which they pre
tended to see evidences. But this sort of talk pro
duced no effect because our voters refused to be stam
peded. We have faith that they will be as steady now.
( President McKinley and Secretary Hay do not in
tend that the honor of the country shall suffer, either
by sacrificing any prestige to keep peace or by violat
ing faith pledged in solemn treaties. When the peo
rle understand that the Clayton-Bulwer treaty is a
valid, vital and existing convention, they will desire
the country's honor to be vindicated by observing it.
This is not the kind of a nation that holds others to
treaties because they are weak, but breaks treaties it
self because it is strong, and no good American de
sires that it shall become such a nation.
It is perfectly plain that some politicians in the
country desire to embarrass the administration, as
they did in the months preceding the Spanish war.
But they should be admonished by the fate that befell
them as a result of their intrigues then, and not re
peat them now. * )'
TRYING TO MAr\E TROUBLE.
FASHION HINT FROM PARIS.
Undoubtedly It is desirable for repre
sentation in State Legislatures to be based
on a much smaller ratio than In Congress.
It would be absurd to *end to Washington
such an army of Representatives as the
Nation would have on the Connecticut
basis, or even on that of New York. It
la doubtful even if It is desirable to swell
our Congress to th© numerical size of
those of Europe. The British Parliament
needs to be chosen on a smaller ratio, and
thus to be "nearer to the people." than
cur Congress, because it largely fulfills
the functions of Congress and State Leg
islatures In one- The same may be said
of the French and German houses. The
experience of the latter two countries has
been that larger houses are apt to be un
wieldly and Ineffective, if not riotous.
Such considerations will doubtless be en
tertained at Washington. It may be
deemed best slightly to increase the num
ber of Representatives; but the ratio will
probably be still more increased. To en
large the House in proportion with the
growth of the Nation would be Impracti
cable.— NEW YORK TRIBUNE.
Ratio of Representation.
Mr. Bryan's Gift.
Mr. Bryan's gift Is as a speaker rather
than a writer. It is his personality and
his oratory that have drawn hundreds or
thousands ,to listen anti applaud. Tness
cannot be presented in an editorial. — IN
DIANAPOLIS JOURNAL.
Favored Mortals We.
Man has lived to see charity deeper ani
wider In the human breast, time has
taught him that every man stands eaual
in nature, that the lineage of the street
urchin goes back juat as far as that of
the kid-gloved gentleman passing him by.
that accident and opportunity made one
over the other. Superstition la dead. Th"»
sight of nature's phenomenon no longer
is expressive of evil spirits or angry gods.
Fortunate, indeed, in the accident of na
ture, is the man and the woman who
breathes as the nineteenth century dies.
-FLORIDA TIMES-UNION.
Mind and Body.
There is a time to work and a time to
play. Boys, and slrls have their gymna
siums. In school they are taught not
merely to cultivate the mind, as In tho
time of Elizabeth, when the young Intel
lect was fed on the rules of versification,
but also to cultivate^the body. Poverty
worKs exceptions: the poor boy and th«
poor girl must labor between stu.i;.^ to
make up for thn misfortune or the iarnor
ance of their parents. The rule, however,
is the developritent of a healthy mind la
a healthy body. The new generation is
the better for it. and the coming genera
tions will still more fervently bless the
encouragement of these sound, humane
principles.-BOSTON JOURNAL.
A Manufacturing Nation.
The evolution of the United States from
a raw material to a manufacturing nation
is one of the most significant features of
the present age of development. It la ta
anticipation- of future competition, from
other raw material areas now rapidly de
veloping, which discounts a danger al
ready foreseen ¦ by shrewd American ex
porters. In 1890 the per capita Imports of
the United States were $13 and the p*r
capita exports about tlia same. In 19*10
the per capita Imports have fallen to
$10 90 and the exports have increased to
$14 92. While there is »n Increase In the
American exports of breadstuffs. by far
the larger part of the gain Is In manufac
tured goods.— NEW YORK COMMER
CIAL ADVERTISER.
The Nome Scandal.
it Is high time that the Government In
vestigated th© Cape Nome receiverships.
The resolution of Mr. Frick of Indiana,
introduced Into the House last week, pro
vides an expensive way of learning th©
facts, but It Is a move In the right direc
tion. The Treasury Department ought to
have some authority by which the matter
can be approached and the Attorney Gen
eral's Department surely could provide
a means. -of getting at the truth. The
charges against Judge Noyes are so seri
ous that it is a disgrace that he shgpM
remain at his post while they are un
answered. In the United States proper
no Federal Judge could afford to remain
client under the accusations mad© against
him.— PROVIDENCE JOURNAL.
EDITORIAL
UTTERANCE
IN VARIETY
State in the good roads movement.^has built since
1893 no less than 588 'miles of -goo*; roads, including
148 miles this year." -. :.C
' We have not 'referred to the Oneida plan for the
purpose of advocating the adoption' of a similar plan
here. Our conditions are not. like those of New
York, and what may be expedient, there might be the
reverse here. The one. thing to be noted is the evi
dence shown of a willingness on the part of Oneida
County to co-operate with the State in improving the
chief highways. If a similar willingness can be excited
among the progressive counties of California to co
operate in the work here, it may be possible to devise
a plan which will enable, us to start the new century
with a good roads movement that will soon enable
us to make as good a showing as New' 1 Jersey, which
now has the credit of leading the Union in the work.;
Professor See of Naval Observatory Sees
the Finish" of Mankind.
ASTRONOMER'S VIEW
OF THE WORLD'S END
-<.
Masterpiece of Journalism.
..¦;¦. ".•McK.eesport (Pa.) ¦ News. • I
The* Christmas number of the San Fran
cisco Call.' Issued last ¦ Sunday. Is pne of
the masterpieces of journalism. f
6
AUCTION SALES.
Pv Win. G. I,avnp— This Day, at 12 o'clock. Racehorses, at
Tanforar. Racetrack.
AMUSEMENTS.
Columbia— Primrose and Docltstader Minstrel*.
Tivo!l-"Cifldcrtlla."
Centra! Theater— 'The Heart of Maryland."
California— "At the White Horse Tavern."
Orrlieuni — Vaudeville.
Grand Opera-hcuse— "An Officer of the Seiond."
A!fcair.bra--"VVhy Smith Left Hom«."
A!c«*ar— "Nauchty Anthony."
OJyiupia. c-jrner Masan and Eddy streets — Specialties.
Chutes. Zoc end Theater — Vaudeville every afternoon and
cember II.
Fischers- Vaudeville.
Mechanics' Pavilion— Masquerade Eall. Monday evening, De-
cember SI.
Metroi>olit»n Tttj le — Yale Glee and Banjo Clubs. Thursday
evening, January 3.NED FOSTER, WELL KNOWN AS A CHARACTER ALONG THE LINE
IN THIS CITT, IS LYING HOPELESSLY ILL IN THE RECEIVING
HOSPITAL OF OAKLAND.
Fire a Shot 20 Miles.
Tbe United Btat^B will fire i thousand-pound
gnot twenty mile«, which will be a ,_ record-^
breaker for the distance. The gun from; which
It la to be fired will be a model of . American
Ingenuity and workmanship. Another marvel
of American Ingenuity Is Hostetter's Stomach
Hitters. For fifty yeart.lt has been the only
medicine to cure constipation, indigestion, dys
pepsia, biliousness, ¦- and by Its direct action r?
the kidney* prevent* rhaintHKn.- 'HMMBlHrMII
Six Japanese Killed.
SPOKANE, Dec. 2S.— Six Japanese sec
tion laborers on the Great Northern Rail
way were struck and killed by a freight
train near Culbank, Mont., last night. The
bodies have been taken to Kallspel.
Interests the Coast.
WASHINGTON, Dec. 28.— Postofflce es
tablished: California— Knightsen. Centra
Cofta County, George W. Knight,. Post
master.
Postmaster commissioned: California —
Charles J. Adams, Colma.
Captain Charles S. Perry, now in this
city, who commanded the Yorktown at
the time cf the capture of Lieutenant
Gilmore of that ship In the Philippines,
has been ordered to return to the Asiatic
station to command the New Orleans.
SALT LAKE. Utah. Dec. 2S.*-In the
Fifth District Court at Nephi. Utah.
Judge Higgins to-day decided the Grand
Central-Mammoth aoex suit in favor of
the Grand Central Mining Company. The
case has been pending for more than fiv-j
weeks.
The Grand Central sued the Mammoth
for $300,000 for ores extracted from ths
Grand Central ground and the Mammoth
filed a cross complaint, claiming the ape*
of the vein in the disputed territory and
setting up title thereunder to the ore that
had been extracted and such as might
hereafter be found adjacent to the point
over which the controversy arose.
The court holds that the vein, the apsx
of which is In the Mammoth claim,
leaves the side line of the claim at a point
which does not give the extralateral
rights sought to be secured by that com
pany. An accounting will follow.
Judge Hig^ins in the Fifth District
Court of Utah Decides an
Important Case.
GRAND CENTRAL MINING
COMPANY WINS ITS SUIT
May Ensue.
SAX DIEGO, Dec. 2S.— One Coroner's
inquest Is In order in the San Felipe Val
ley, and it is probable that before the
first is finished there will be the neces
sary material on hand for a second. Th.;
information received .to-night was very
meager, but the desired permission to hold
an inquest over the body of an Indian who
had committed suicide after shooting a
fellow Indian was given by the Coroner
to Justice Blanc of Julian. The names oi"
the two Indians are unknown, both here
and at Julian. They are simply character
ized as two Indian boy?. Their home Is
with the Warner Ranch Indians and they
had gone into the San Felipe Valley to
work on the public road. The quarrel oc
curred about 10 o'clock on Wednesday, but
no one who can tell seems to know the
cause. ';*;'•' ". "- •"'
One of the boys in his anger picked up
a shotgxm which they had with them and
fixed at the other. The charge of shot
struck him in the head, filling the skin
full of large sized bird shot and leaving
the face looking like a piece of raw
chopped meat. Both eyes were put out
and it is believed that some of the shot
penetrated the skull. As soon as the boy
realized what he had done, he tried to
awaken the other to consciousness. Fail
ing in that, he probably thought hla
friend dead and left the camp. He went
onlv a little way into the road and hanged
himself to a tree with a piece of rope.
The fact of the shooting was made
known to the Constable, who began a
search and soon found the would-be mur
derer hanging to the tree .and dead. Th-!
injured Indian was picked up and cared
for. Life was not extinct, but when the
messenger left for Julian the boy was not
expected to live more than two or three
hours. "i
Indian Boys Quarrel in the San
Felipe Valley and Trfro Deaths
SHOOTS COMPANION
AMD HANGS HIMSELF
"The concordat 1» being changed from
an Instrument of peace into one of war
and oppression. Even In Protestant coun
tries religious orders are not excluded
from 'the liberties enjoyed !by 'other citi
zens. They will probably, return to Eng
land and the United- States, as , in the
days of the • Terror, to . find a refuge
against the Iniquity of Catholic France.;
"The associations bill is the negation of
all the laws of liberty. I hope the French
Government will not renounce" the service
1 -am ft 111 able to render . her. Several
times recently I have .been; solicited i by
the head of a powerful state to permit the
rights of France in tile East ami the Far
East to be disregarded.' I ! have; refused,
although compensations * were offered to
the^church. But' If the orders, .without
which Catbollo- expansion- Is ; impossible,
are to be suppressed, what answer shall I
give in a day when similar proposals are
made?"
/ . ¦ . .•
PARIS. Dec. £J — The Matin publishes 'an
Interview with the . Pope devoted exclu
sively to the attitude of the Waldeck-
Rousstau mints-try toward the religious
congregations. Referring to the Premier's
ppeech at Toulouse October 28, when M.
Waldeck-ftouss*;au enlarged upon the ne
cessity of the Chamber passing a law reg
ulating associations— a measure directed
against religious denominations— the Pon
tiff said:;
Popa Says France Would
Check the Rights of
the' Church. x
OBJECTS TO THE
ASSOCIATION BILL
Along Kearny and Market streets in his
baby phaeton drawn by the smallest of
What did he do with this money? Many
who tell of Foster's winnings and his
failures to pay do sometimes admit that
as a spender he was as liberal to his old
time friends, broken gamblers and saloon
men as he was in furnishing ideas to rich
angels in getting staked to bankrolls.
Quiet wine parties, too, added consider
able to the pronts of the Bella Union.
After several rounds, a poker game
among gentlemen for pastime was the
Idea and the next afternoon Foster would
cash a bis check at one of the banks.
This was the rule until time changed and
Foster severed his connections with the
business.
When Nevada "petered out" Foster
transferred himself : and his resourceful
Ideas to San Francisco. The theatrical
business seemed to suit him and he be
came the proprietor of the famous old
Bella Union Theater on Kearny street. He
was in his realm there. Times were good,
moaey plentiful, and Foster made his
share of profits. As an entertainer Ned
could go Into a bunch of drunken sailors,,
then to some boys around town or to a
party of swell gentlemen who were there
on the quiet to see the *plcy shows which
made the Union the talk of the town, and
keep them interested In funny stories to
the extent that they would part with their
money willingly for round after round of
drinks and leave the place saying. -"Fos
ter is a good fellow and knows how to
make one feel at home."
For more than thirty years Ned Foster
has kept himself before the public on th s
coast. Late in the sixties he kept a
grocery store in Silver City, Nev., after
which he made Virginia City his home
and became one of the celebrities of that
town when it was in the heydey of Ita
prosperous Comstock days.
It was here that Foster gained the name
of a hustler. Of a quick, nervous disposi
tion he was ever ready to turn his hand
at anything to make a dollar. Whenever
he was short of money his busy brain
could always devise some means of get
ting some one to advance a goodly eum
to further one of his many schemes. • Some
of his ventures were unsuccessful, but
failure never dampened his energy. He
was never without an idea and he num
bered many of the richest and most promi
nent men of the lode as his "angels."
LYING unconscious on a cot in a
ward cf the Oakland Receiving
Hospital, Ned Foster, known
throughout the Pacific Coast
States as a sport, gambler, show
man and an all-round hustler. Is rapidly
passing from this life.
Foster was returning to this city on Sat
urday last from Bakersfield, where he had
been for a few weeks In search of health.
When he arrived In Oakland he looked up
Norrls, the showman, who Is wintering
there, and concluded business ' arrange
ments with him for a show for the com
ing spring. During the evening Foster
complained of being sick, and engaging a
room at the Newland House retired early.
Feeling no better in the morning he de
cided to stay, and until Wednesday,
when he was found unconscious, it was
not thought his ailment was -of a serious
nature. A doctor was called in and at
once pronounced Foster in a critical con
dition. A hemorrhage of the brain, due
to a ruptured artery, was given as the
cause. Almost unknown, Foster was sent
to the Receiving Hospital, where those In
charge say there Is no hope for him.
Foster's father was an Iceman in Vir
ginia City and accumulated considerable
money. He was killed in Leadville and
Foster has given much time and money
to bring his father's slayer to justice." He
has , tried more than once to deal person
ally with the man.
Foster has always had a love for ani
mals and as a member of the local society
for the prevention of cruelty to animals
has done much in their behalf.
When the Midwinter Fair opened Pos
ter was in evidence as the owner of the
tamale franchise. Lately it has been a
series of ups and downs, mostly downs
with the man of many adventures and It
has been guessed that he has been broke.
It has been hard guessing, though, as
Foster has always been on the go and
while the quill toothpick might help to
deny the fact that he had not breakfasted
in the swellest of cafes, still before sun
down of any day Foster has been in the
running and liable to count in four figures
before bedtime.
The last good backer Foster located was
an eccentric millionaire, who spent, It is
claimed, more than 53<J,000 in fitting up a
pleasure resort in Alameda for him. No
matter how strong reports against Fos
ter's grood faith would come to him the
man of money stuck to him and liked him
for his peculiar hurry up scheming way.
Some friends whom Foster introduced
to his backer were foiled in an attempt
to cheat him out of a tidy sum. This cost
the millionaire's friendship though Fos
ter^would never admit having stood in to
skin his. benefactor.
The crowd was a record-breaker and
many who had j>aid 25 cents to see the
woman had to be satisfied with a walk in
the garden, so densely packed was the
large pavilion. Bertha made a few in
audible remarks, criea a little and prom
ised to tell some spicy stories at her trial.
That ended the performance and though
the throng felt sheepish at the thought
of having parted with the price of a
square meal to get a glimpse of the
"Queen" it was loud in its praise of Fos
ter's energetic "get there" methods.
Her arrest in this city created a scan
dal which Involved many of our well
known citizens. The papers devoted con
siderable space to the episode and much
spicy reading resulted. Bertha was held
under heavy bonds. Foster saw his chance
to turn a good trick and he grabbed It.
He took Jack Hailinan in with him,
rustled up the necessary bonds and got
Bertha out of jail. The woman of great
proportion was taken to a lodging-house
and held under a heavy guard. Foster
in the meantime had hired Woodward's
Gardens and given a heavy advertising
order to hid printer. The next day • the
city was flooded 'with posters, hangers,
handbills and announcements that "Big
Bertha," the confidence queen, would tell
her life's history at the big pavilion on
the next day— Sunday.
Shetland ponies and with Deacon Jones
as coachman, Foster until a year or so
ago was a daily sight, and it took the
best portion of his time to make new and
renew old acquaintances with the aid of
a few rounds of drinks at Ned's expense.
One of Fester's greatest achievements in
the theatrical line -was the engagement
of Big Bertha, the confidence queen,
Bertha, a Jewish lady of questionable
age and undoubted avoirdupois, had gained
considerable notoriety throughout the
United States by her successful method
of borrowing large sums of money from
prominent men under promise of mar
riage.
SEATTLE. Dec. 28.— Lieutenant S. E.
Adalr, who arrived this morning «3bn the
Dolphin from Alaska, reports that prices
on perishable goods at Dawson have taken
a big. tumble, as the market is over
stocked. Speaking of eggs he said that a
change of $7Z had taken place In one year.
In 1899 a case of eggs cost $90, but when
he left Dawson* recently the price was
only $18. In 1899 hay brought 22 cents -a
pound, but now it was worth only half
that amount. Oats were a good selling
commodity In 1899 at 20 cents, but in De
cember of 1900 they were quoted at only
10 cents a' pound. . . _ *
Dawson Market Overstocked.
SEATTLE, Dec. 28. — Passengers from
Skaguay, arriving on steamer Dolphin to
day, say the greatest strike since the dis
covery of the Klondike Is reported from
the American Yukon. The news was
brought to Dawson by mail and tele
gTaphed to Skagruay. The dirt is said to
average $14 to the pan. Only meager de
tails were learned, but Dawson is wild
with excitement. Captain Healey of the
North American Transportation and
Trading Company received letters con
cerning the latest strike, but he refused
to impart his information to any one. -It
Is believed that the ftrike is near the
Tanana. There has bee'n a, stampede from
Dawson and the excitement - has even
reached Skaguay.
BIG STBIXE ON THE YUKON.
The wreckers have been favored with
good weather, as the wind, what there
was of It, has blown from the north con
tinuously since ' the accident.
Dawson passengero of the Dolphin say
that the steamer El Dorado, caught in the
ice at Hells Gate. Is not likely to be
crushed if some money is spent in protect
ing her during the winter.
SEATTLE, Dec. 28.— Captain Thompson,
who was pilot on the City of Topeka when
she went on the rocks . in Lynn Canal,
December 8, arrived here to-day on tho
Dolphin and states that the Topeka is
probably off the rocks by this time. The
wrecking outfit has been working steadily
on her, patching up the holes in her bot
tom and installing a temporary bulkhead
so*as to float her off the rocks. When the
bulkhead Is completed she will be beached
near the scene of the accident and re
paired sufficiently to enable her to proceed
to Seattle under her own steam.
ing Crew.
TOPZKA MAY BE SAFE.
Wind and Weather Favor the Wreck-
At the various roadhouses he registered
regularly in accordance with the regula
tions of the Yukon police, until he reached
Ogilvie, forty-eight miles above Dawson.
After that no trace could be found of him.
Mrs. Bettinger made diligent inquiry at
every station, and finding no clew, pushed
on to Skaguay. Bettinger had not been
there. The case was taken up by the
mounted police. Dr. Bettinger is a man
of high standing in Dawson, where he
was, long the hospital surgeon of St.
Mary's. He is a member of several secret
orders, and has been prominent In the
social affairs of the Klondike capital.
SEATTLE, Dec. 2S.— Dr. Bettinger, a
leading druggist of Dawson and a pio
neer of the Klondike, has disappeared
mysteriously from the Yukon trail. The
belief is that he either froze to death or
was murdered/ He left Dawson Decem
ber 6 on foot, intending to walk part of
the distance to White Horse. Mrs. Bet
tinger, his wife, . followed on the stage
five days later, expecting to overtake her
husband.
on the Trail to White Horse.
Feared That He Met With Foul Play
DR. BETTOTGEB MISSING.
A. " D. Williams, brother-in-law of the
missing man, is expected out over the ice
to continue the search. - ,
SEATTLE, "Wash., Dec 28.— The disap
pearance of, Murray McDonald, brother
in-law of -A. D. William's, a prominent
mine owner on Hunker Creek, promises
another Yukon tragedy. McDonald was
last seen leaving the steamboat Tukouer
at White Horse July 1. He was on his
way back to Nova Scotia and had with
him a gold brick worth $3000 and between
$1000 and $2000 in bills. He had a habit
of "flashing" money and was proud to ex
hibit the brick, whlcn fact probably re
sulted in his death. Walter H. Adams,
who came out from Dawson earlv last
fall to search for the missing man and
is now employed at the car shops in
Skaguay, left no stone -unturned that
would lead to his discovery, but at last
has given up the search as useless.
Every hotel register in Skaguay has
been gone over, but his name is not there.
McDonald was 23 years of age and of
light complexion. As McDonald was leav
ing the Yukoner he arranged a meeting
place with Peter Nance, bartender of the
steamer, but ' was never seen afterwajrd.
Nance thought that McDonald had hur
ried cut of town to catch the steamer
Louise, which was in Skaguay at the
time, but he was not a passenger on the
Louise or the City of Topeka, which left
the next day.
The police at White Horse have been
working on the case for some time, but
have given up.
McDonald's mother in Nova Scotia is
prostrated by her son's disappearance
and believes he has been murdered.
Si»eclaJ Dispatch to The Call
Had Considerable "Wealth Which.
He Was in the Habit
of Showing...
When Last Seen at White Horse He
Belief That the Miner Was
Murdered in the Yukon,
District.
FUTILE SEARCH
for McDonald
SACRA MEXTO. Dec 2s.— A heavy frost
visited this locality last night, and the
fruit growers say that it came as a bless
irg. The weather has been so warm that
pap was rising in the tree3. The fiost.
say the fruit growers, will send the sap
down and permit them to do the pruning
that is necessary. It is also said that
the frost will be" beneficial to the wheat
felds. The latter present a very fine ap-
I-earance for this season of the year. At
noon to-day the weather was warm and
ftonnjr. No vegetables were Injured by
the frost last night.
SAN JOSE, Dec. 28.— The clear, cold
weather prevailing here at present Is most
satisfactory to both farmers and orchard
lsts. All branches of agriculture are pro
pressing rapidly and the cold weather will
prevent the fruit trees budding early
enough to be nipped by spring frosts.
From present indications it Is probable
that the prune crop next year will be
larger than ever before in the historv of
the valley. Much uneasiness prevails
here over the present stagnation in the
prune market. Xlnety million pounds of
dried prunes are stored in the warehouses
of the Cured Fruit Association, with no
I rospect of immediate shipment, as the
I!a«=tern market is dead. Usually at this
season the lanrer part of the crop has
been disposed of.
LOS AXGEL.ES. Dec. 2S.— A heavy wind
storm in the valleys north and east of
here has filled the city's atmosphere "with
dust to such an extent that it resembles
a heavy fog. The \.lnd will doubtless do
some damage to the orange crop by blow
ing fruit from the trees, but has perhaps
been instrumental in averting more seri
ous damage by the frost which was pre
dicted for this morning. The lowest tem
perature during th,i night was 46 degrees
and as the dew point was 30 degrees there
was little show for frost in even the most
exposed localities. The humidity is very
low and this dry wind will Increase the
necessity for a good rain. Grain and feed
ere looking well, but are growing slowly
on account of the t'.*:flciency of moisture.
Plowing and seeding, are slackening in
rlaces for the same reason. Orchards are
being irrigated.
FRESNO Dec. 2S.-Fresno has been en
veloped in heavy fogs for weeks at night
and during the early morning. To-day has
been the first sunshiny day for three or
four weeks. There has been frost for
several successive r.ights and last night
was the coldest this season. The damp
ness and lack cf sun has greatly retarded
the growth of pasture erasses.
STOCKTON. Dec 2?.-The coldest wave
experienced here In some time struck
Stockton last night. TJie Ahermometcr
reached 2S d«"grees stove zero this morn
ing. There was a heavy frost and even
after the eun came out tho air continued
so chilly that the frost remained In tli«
shade until late In the forenoon. Fruit
and grain men Bay that the frost has
come at a time when It will bo of im
mense benefit to the grain and fruit in
terests In this part of the valley, as it
will drive the sap down for trimming and
also kill off insects which would other
wise amount to a pest. Last season both
fruit and grain suffered owing to the fact
that there was no frost at this season of
the year. In the roots of early sown
grain especially there was an Insect which
destroyed, considerable of the crop. It i9
believed that the present frost will have
the effect of killing ult a large. percentage
of the grain and fruit pests and 'one. or,
two more cold nights will be of immense
benefit.
Reg-ardsd as a Blessing by Oschard
ists, as Pruning Will Bo Aided
and Insect Pests De
stroyed.
Gold Waves Are ) Reported
Prcm Many Seo'.ions of
the State.
HEAVY FROSTS
ARE PREVALENT
DOCTORS HAVE LITTLE HOPE THAT
NED FOSTER WILL EVER RECOVER
FROM HIS LETHARGIC CONDITION
He Has Been Removed to the Cakland ReceivinLT
HosDital at the Instance of His Familu Phusician,
But Paralysis Remains and He is Growing Worse
THE SAN FEANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, DECEMBER 29, 1900.
7
MATINEE TO-DAY, SATURDAY, DEC. 29.
Parquet, 25c, any aeat; Balcony. 10c;. Chil-
dren, 10c. any part except reserved.
THE ZENITH~0F ELEGANT
VAUDEVILLE.
THE ORPHEUM ROAD SHOW!
Direction Martin Beck.
SEVKJtrS SCHAFFER, WILL M. CRESSSY -
AND BLANCHE DAYNE. JOITNSON. DAV-
ENPORT AND LOKELLO. LOCISE DRESS-
ER. JACK NORWOUTH. BERTIE FOW-
LER. THE COMIOORAPH. TRULY SUAT-
TUCK AND CHRISTINAS DOO. CAT AND
MONKEY CIRCUS.
OPENIXO TO-MORROW, the World-Renowned
HAWTHORNE LISTERS.
BEIASCO *"*THALLS sfrjft^.
Phone South i3U.
MATTNEES TO-DAY add SUVDAY. EXTRA.
MATINEE NEW YEAR'S DAY.
To-nlght and Every Evening. Including Sunday,
THE GREATEST SUCCESS IN YEARS.
David Belaaco's Famous Military Romance.
theHEARTOFMARYLAND
THE BEST OF ALL BIO PLAYS!
Magnificent and Realistic Scenery. Exdtlns
Climaxes, arousing the greatest enthusiasm.
» ICVQ EV its— 10c, 15c, 25c. 33c, 50c.
f i 1WEJ Matinees— lf>c. 15c. I5c. No higher.
Secure Seats at Box Office of Theater.
aptftl I IRA OB A sa.i fsascisco's
CO LU mm A wmmk
Blatinee To-day at Special Prices.
To-night and Sunday— La»t Two Time*
THE LEADERS
PRIMROSE and
D0CK8TADER
MINSTRELS.
Next "Week-7 Mights.
Matinees New Year* a Day and Saturday.
THE BELLE OF NEW YORK
The Jlcst Famous Comic Opera la the World.
MATINEE TCHDAT. TO-JTIGHT.
Last Times of
AT THE WHIT£_HORSE TAVERN
Commencing SUNDAY NIGHT,
SPECIAL EXTRAORDINARY ENGAGE-
MENT OF
EDUARD STRAUSS
And His Unrivaled Orchestra, From Vienna.
For Seven Nights and Two Matinees (New
Tear's Day), and Saturday.
CHANGE OF BILL EVERT PERFORMANCE.
SPECIAL PRICES— Orchestra, »3; last seven
rows, Jl SO; Balcony, first four rows, n 50;
Balcony, balance, SI; Gallery, reserved. 75c;
Gallery, unreserved, SOc; Box and Loge Seats.
*2 50. j .
*TI VO Li*
EXTRA NEW YEAR'S MATINEE and SAT-
URDAY at J p. m. SHARP. EVENINGS AT S.
THE MARVELOUS HOLIDAY SHOW.
CINDERELLA!
By rSRRIS HARTMAN.
A GREAT TREAT FOR THE CHILDREN.
Se« Oscar L. Fesfs Fln« TRANSFORMATION.
Tne Flowery Kingdom.
POPULAR PRICES B and SO cent*.
Telephone— Bosh 9.
GRAND OPERA MOUSE
CROWD'ED ALL THE TIME?
MATINEES TO-DAY, TO-MORROW AN»
>TEW YEAR'S DAY.
Brilliant Triumph of the
OLIVER-LESLIE COMPANY-
LAST TWO NIGHTS.
Th* Famous English Military Drama,
AN OFFICEROF
THE SECOND.
MONDAY— "NELL GWTN."
Evening Prices — lOc, 15c, 25c and SOc.
A few front rows In orchestra. 75c
Matinee Prices— lOc, 15c, 25e and SOc, no
higher. Branch Ticket Office— Emporium.
Alf ElllnrhoriM. Prop, and Manager
Phone South 77a
LAST TIMES.
ALL FOR F* T>i *VI> WV FOR ALL.
MATTNEB TO-DAY.
TO-NIGHT
Oeo. H. Broadhurst's Funny Fareaw
WHY ,
QMITH BY A
9/Tll I n CLEVER •
I C3»C7nr COMPANY OP
HOmE.
Evening 13c, Ec, SSc. 50c and 75a
Matinee 13c, 22?. 35c and iCc.
To-morrow, "Sunday" Afternoon, Jacob Lltt'a
Everlasting Big Show. "SHEXAXDOAH."
HECHANICS^_PAViLION.
New Year's Eve, Dec. 31, 1900,
MARDI GRAS
Fancy Masquerade Ball.
FISCHER'S CONCERT HOUa*.
COGILL AND COOPER'S COMSDUXI EJ
"MY UXCLE FROM JAPA.V."
And "A FAIRY GODMOTHER." by Arnold
and Ethel Grazer and Blanche Trelease.
i Reserved Beats, SSc Ma tine* ChrUtmaal
For a Cold in the Head.
Laxative Bromo-Qulnine Tablets. •
ADVEETISEMENTS.
MISCELLANEOUS.
AMUSEMENTS.
$6.00
"STILL BUY THIS !«EW PATENT BURNEB
OIL-HEATER.
fcv * Bent on approval,
city or country, to
_tj i iTgL returned at our
<- : — "iiSS, €x;.«:. Se if not satls-
- U J^ST factory.
1331 WE PAY THE
yggll FREIGHT.
-. ; - - lurge Iron base, re-
' fffiJWfEC movable cast top
gggjgWji elegant n'rkr-1 tnm-
J*Si?\_ Clings, Russian iron
ii;rr*~~~~rl fy^nder. height 31
<gSS§2|K!|5&g» Inches, base spread
iyiH^^|$|;. Ther* "ar« other
6 »J "* heaters - but no oth-
er . eater s are sold
with a gruarantee
like ours.
•¦COO. Send for catalogue.
PATTOSIEN'S
T-RXITURE EXPOSITION BUILDING,
Sixteenth ud Misjioa Stmt*
OUR TOAST FOR THE NEW
YEAR.
Health.* We&Itb an<5 harrln* 1^! 1 ' T^> may-
be ab!e to add to your health and happi-
ness. If not to your wealth. If you ¦will
pprrr.1t us to attend to your laundry -work. ;
which fre do to perfection. Everything j
in your ¦we.irir.p apparel ready for New j
Year's calls? Tell us In time. Domestic !
finish for full-dress s=hlrts If youorder It.
"NO SAW EDGES."
UNITED STATES LAUNDRY
Office 1OO4 Market Stre»t
Telephone— South 42O.
Oakland Office-62 San Pablo Ave.
t Cured While !
You Sleep
in Fifteen Days
"Grmn-SolTcnt" eitsolres Stricture like tnow be-
ee»th tbe «un. r«Suces En'arped Pro«t*te and
etrenrtbene ihr Kemir.al J<cc:s. t:o; p'.r.z Dmin* aul
Emissions in fifteen I>ay»..
Nc Croc* to nt'.n tbe stomach, bet » direct local
and pob^iire application to the enti re urethra.1 tract
Gr»n-8o;»e.r.i is not n iiquld. It Is. prepared ii
the lore, of Crs.jcn> or Pencil*, fcmooib and Cezlb'.*
fend so OmTTOH a* to ; :^ s tbe closest Stricture. - - J
Every Man Should Know Himself.
Ttie St. James. Assn.. Hox K'J. Cincinnati. O_ hat
wr*narc<S at rre»» expense an exhiiim- fnffi
Ire .-'¦••¦• . ¦• : : .--f upon tbe male L k>L I. I
trtt^m. <• b:< li tl>«or will tend to »ny | f| L L i
S - c applicant, ¦ ••»¦¦¦
V li rx !\vM 25O ELM ST.,
>|. Jrt :L3 O5I1m Cincinnati! Ohio, j
1
••I m« troubled with Protruding Piles many
years. Tried every remedy I could hear of ani
Jiad them cut cut Twice. I dei^palred of a
car* until I tried Veruf Pile Cure. I was
n^ver to surprised In my life to find myself
cured before UFirjE hall a box. It 1* Indeed
wonderful. E. P. WEIDXER.
"117S Fifth et.. De? Molnes. Iowa."
%Ve Trt'l vay nnv one $-V) who cannot be
eure<J Tr:tb VCTtVS FILE CVTIK. Price C 00.
Over l r . r '-'" > «"jce». No <-Iaim for reward.
VERBS RLE CURE CO., Bed 225.. Wilson Bit
Or the old asd reliable ELLINGTON DRUG
CO.. Averts, crraer Fourth and Spring sta..
I^c* Arvpries. Cal.
4vis>« OR JORDAN'S srcat*
fBHSEUB GF gBATOHvJ
a Q i:r. me: st. tc t±*7±. sjal i
T XjT rhe L"*** 1 Aaataoicil Mu»euni in the \
A Wo/td. V cfctae«*«« or Any contrscicn
V tL" c.»cm»r p«-^.<i«^lr runJ t>y thr olG«it V
g ME2 V'-' ft apecuu^x ci. tU. Cms. Hit 36 yaan 9
A fl§«I CS.JCHD^-?r.nftTE3;StASEl>4
i JfTirt^II Lo2«oltstkiQ frc »r.d stn f y privity \
# F \J\i7 ii TnttmeiH • -rtsorj' y rr by lettrr. A iJ
V Q V -1 B t-ot.titx Cwn is every ctM undertaken. \
™" 1 It™ MkUBIAfch. MAILED rtXE. !A~
X A j\ «*!-j*bte bock for swa} i
7 DSt JUttDAH <*€O., 105! Market EL. & F. ¥
FREE ELECTRIC BELT OFFER
w^-ji'*^^-* r --v*>Ai't«. TSUI '- } ""i" ow:i iiooe, we
f - rui " n tb(k (wnnine and
l*rS< •*. \Z*^t'-*ZL ¦¦¦•SFi nrly ISEIDIXCKttU ALTKRiAT-
I ~~^~?2~^ZZ*£ii^j?*~~ i r*^,|lNOCl UH".- tJJ-.ORlLfi»LI»
tiST??^SJ S^rS^l : ]£B 'o* 11^ «««Jer of this puper.
¦K5<e£j£SX^ > *V'?^ p ' 5a mumrj ia »dTa»») trrr low
¦y^£&*<r (MttrotlUTrnarattlrc COSTS
y 'f. -,\$> AIM3ST K0THIK3 compared
with most all other treatment* t«r« ""««;•" «"« «Jr^
trie brlta. cppllaacM mm* rrm^iin fall. QtSKl COBC tor
(Useases. vnlcnrrm and disorder*. Kor completo
•efcie^ cor.fldentUl catalocne. rut ihl.xJost »»d«Ultou».
SEARS, ROEBUCK A CO., Chicago.
BAJA CALIFORNIA
Damiana Bitters
ffi A CHEAT liESTOUATIVii, LNVICHJHA-
tor and Nervine.
Th« taott wonderful «.phrodis'ac and Special
Tonle Icr the SexuaJ Orpans. fcr both sexea.
Tfce Siexieaa Iiea:e<!r icr Diieases oi the lCid-
nerB and Madder. Eel!« on Its c*a merits.
NABEIi. ALPS & BHUXE. A«ent«.
S3 Market rt.. 3. F. — (Send tor Circular*.)
iVapVAL PILLS
M Original «¦«! Un!r OnaMtae.
KTE. alS»yi»H»>U. Udlo.utlimrf'rt
foe CHICIlfisTEK'S KXGLISII
10 K£D »l4 C«Id metaUie boiw. ttltt
»'.:t t.ur rttben. Takes* other. Befa»a
T>a«ccr««a Mik-UtnUoa. aad ImlU*
Una*. Buj of veer f,ru«»i.t. or «'. 4<~. la
¦tuupc for P»rtlr«l«r». Te*tltaa>laU
aad "TlrH-Z f»r Lo<llw,'M letur. f» rr~
tnra Mail. 1 0.OVO Tnctmsnials. Soltb;
liri^i :»•-«. C'h Icbetter CbemlrsI Caw
tKurt'3fi;ei. UsAImb b«a«re, f'UlLA. fi.
DR. CROSSMAN'S
SPECIFIC MIXTURE
For the Care of Gonorrhoea. Gle*t».
*>tri.ture«anJ analogous complaints
of the Ortans of Generation.
Pric* tl a bottle. For tale by drugglrt*.
NEW WESTERN HOTEL,
I/EAEXT AXD WASHINGTON' ETS.— RE-
*L£mU 2nd renovated. KINO. WARD &
CO. European plan. Room*. oOcto Jl 50 day;
fi to » weVk; »* to CO month. Free baths, hot
and cold water every room: ore grates in every
room; elevator runs all nlfiiit-
61 oeV Year*
YOUR BOY
Would Appreciate Nothing
So Much as a
BICYCLE
$35.0Q. .
It Is Fitted With a
MORROW COASTER BRAKE at
&4O.OO*-
JUVENILE BICYCLES — S20, $22.50, S25.
LEAVlff& BILL,
SO9 Lartcin Street . . . SAN FRANCISCO.
2O San Pablo Avenue OAKLAND.
57 Scuth Second Street .... SAN JOSE.
KpJ22j ** —^ f -.--•'* KHCfcfi
bsv5«4*w2 'I • KSv*3Mi
Kjfiqff^qfL. / * ir€55iXr*^iJ
EVERY WOMAN
is interested and should know
' -«^|2§§^nK about the woaderful
f^^^S*^^V UADUCI WHIRLING
KM ThenewyaflnalSjTinee.
k. »S A'AVVX' 1 ' \ 11 Injection and Suction .
IWSXrP r?^ \il Best— Safest-Most Con-
venient. It Cleanse;
Instantly.
At k joor irazzht for It. \fr. f£b-r^~l^^^
If he cannot »upply the NXB?^! '"" ''='¦ : '(C5 j__
MARVEL, accept no Tit. ' ¦^_^£7>_ -
other, but send stamp for nii»- \'u W ""'¦/'/> \s
Hated book— Hraled. It fives full Vi,. # ''-'jM
particulars «B.1 dirertlT* inraluatle *tK-/-, IM
to ladle- MARVEL TO.. ZWjHmiW
Bo«m 2 03TlmeiiDdir..»cwYork
nil Yap These hotels pos-
I AL Ant scss the attributes
i iia-nwa- that tourists and
pnH travelers appreciate
OIIU —central location,
OH AMD- liberal manage-
U it Hi ill ment, modern ap-
lIATf"! ft pointments and
TJUItLoj p erfect ««£
7 American and r.u-
San fraFlClSCO. ropean plans.
DR.MEYERS&GO, .ggBls,
Specialists, Disease Sfp?* j»
and weakness of ftJ/4 *;£
men. Established J^&f,
18SL Consultation Wsff 'i&P'T&f'
and ; private book \5&ftt_ /-A 1
free, at office or by f5*w -$c0£.8
mail. Cures pruar- w, vawftpSI'
anteed. T.Tl Mar- \*"i Sfc^'jjJ
ket street (elevator A/*^W0^M
entrance*, San >ss\j?l 43SQJ£V^
Francisco. * "^rTni i friW_i]_lu
En Hoffmanettes Cn
UU cigar, 3 «
THE HILSON CO. Makers. N. Y.
KAU. SABLES ft CO.. DUtribnters. San frmeUeo.
WzS^&fSffW&M a \y~qJ fc^j f&Sr'^^4ifrH S
RS KB k. tBtS in it JOT etTn
y^; AMUSEMENTS.
» MATINEE TO-DAY AND SUNDAY.
EXTRA MATINEH NEW YEAR'S DAY.
David Belasco's London and New York Success.
Naughty_Anthony
NEXT WEDXESDAT NIGHT.
THE ADVENTURES OP
NELL G\A/Y1N1N
Special ensragement of
FLORENCE ROBERTS.
EEATS NOW ON SALE.
CHUTESjvND ZOO
EVERY AFTERNOON AND EVENING.
Grand Spectacular Production,
TEN DAYS IN FAIRYLAND
,...AND....\
SANTA GLAUS BALLET!
BIG CHRISTMAS TREE!
Presents I of All the Children!
1 Telephone for Seats Park 23,
IM m ' II of walnut, or mahogany, yg
H C 9 H lar 2 e S ' Z2 anc * °f R ood > s*
||§ &~]y B' that will give satisfaction g
gr A Hj SOLD ALREADY. B
ABSOLUTE SECURITY.
Genuine CARTER'S LITTLE LIVER PILLS mast
bear signature of . y^U~^^^
Very uull mmA as e&sr
to t**ta «• smgarv
r EC CARTERS for oiniNus. 3M
GEWTTIVD IIPSTTLE FOR BIUOUSKESS. crvm v«
6ENDINE W ivpb for torpid liver. GENUINE
H PSLLS FOR COaSTIPATlCH.
WBAPPFR Pi KB FOR SALLOW 3 Kill. WBAPPFIT
VfMArrtK iggfejj IFORTHSCOMPLEJCIOH "******
25 cSt» I vrsror T«HP" ia*i»*<&wgS^<s
"FK,I3SmErD ON REID T>J±JPttRJ fFOR reaily thirty days the big
American Fhip Challenger battied
with the rlcmpnts. She was bound
from Piicct Sound for Kahului. H.
].. and fnally had to put in here,
dismafted and leaking. Her mainmast is
gone just above the mainyard. a portion
of the crcftrees being left. The mizzen is
pnne <-loi=e to the deck and the fore-top
gallant yard on the foremast also went
by the board. One of the lifeboats was
lopt in the general wreck and a consider
able portion of the bulwarks was washed
mjr, Cabin and forecastle were flooded.
>r,d for ten Any* «ot a member of the
crew had a dry stitch on him. The ganey
was washed out and the ship's dog had to
take refuge In the donkey engine room.
For ten days ne never went on deck, and
when finally the gale subsided he came
forth looking like a skeleton. Everybody
Thought he had been washed overboard.
and in consequence he got nothing to eat
while In hiding.
The Challenger left Comox. B. C, on
Dorember 1 bound for Kahului.
"From the hour we passpd Flattery un
til Point Reyes was reached we had noth
irp but heavy weather." said Captain
Piltz yesterday. "The wind blew from all
points of the compass, and you could
never guess from what quarter the gale
and swell would come next. There
was only once during the entire run that
we had all canvas on her, and then we
oould or.ly keep it on for a few hours.
"On r»eceml)er IS, In latitude 42 degrees
14 minutes north, longitude 131 degrees 43
minutes west, a southeaster, veering to a
wept-Fouthwester, came up. The ship la-
The Main and Mizzen Masts Go ou the Board and for Ten Dans All
Are Up to Their Waists in Water-The Only Thing That Is
Kept Dry Is the Ship's Dog and He Almost Starves to Death,
DISMASTED AND LEAKING THE SHIP
CHALLENGER FROM PUGET SOUND FOR
HAWAII MAKES PORT IN DISTRESS
to AnnivE.
Steamer Movements.
house DiFtrict
Notice is hereby given that the whistling
buoy, black and white perpendicular stripes,
marked "F. B." In white, opposite Fort Bragg
Lan-liim, thirty miles above Point Arena, Cal.,
has parted its mooring and gone ashore. This
buoy will l-e replaced as soon as practicable.
This notice affects tha "List of neacons and
Buoys, Pacific Coast, 1900," page 28.
By order of the Lighthouse Board.
U. SEBREE.
Commander, U. S. N., Inspector Twelfth Light-
"If the Postal has made a deal of thia
kind it will be a big thing for the com
pany as well as for California and San
Francisco," he said. "It will cost the
telegraph people a good deal of money to
enter into. an arrangement of this kind.
I do not know whether or not our con
tract with the Western Union expires the
coming year. The contract was made In
1S77. In case it expires, then If this re
ported deal Is true it will mean an exclu
sive right of way for the Postal."
The Western Union at present has a
lease of all the Southern Pacific lines
with the exception of that on the South
Pacific Coast road from this city to Santa
Cruz, which is leased oy the Postal.
Notice to Mariners.
FORT URAGG LANDING. CAL
It- Is positively stated that the.Postil
will soon have a line to Ogderi from
Omaha and thence direct to this city. It
is probable a contract. will b<> made wltn
tj.e Union Pacific simiiar^to the one just
closed with the SoutherrOPaclflc. As the
Postal, through condemnation proceed
ing's, has secured a right of way over the
Oregon Short Line ana will soon acquire
the same rights in I3aho and Montana,
the plans of "the company are speedily
to be realized.
J. B. Donner,' superintendent of tele
graph for the Southern Pacific, was
asked yesterday afternoon concerning the
reported contract between the railroad
and the Postal Company. He had not re
ceived* any official confirmation of the
report.
The Postal Telegraph Cable Company is
to become a more active competitor of
the Western Union between the East and
the Pacific Coast. A contract has Just
been made between the Southern Pacific
Company and the Postal for the right o£
way over the railroad's lines and the rail
road further agrees to handle the tele
graph company's material.
This Is a most important contract, as'
the Southern Pacific virtually controls
California, as well as having a line to
Portland, Or., to Ogdtn, Utah, and to
New Orleans, La.
Secures a Right of Way Over South
ern Pacific's Lines From Ogden,
New Orleans and
Portland.
Will Become a More Formid
able Rival Of the WeSt-
POSTAL TO HAVE
DIRECT WIRE EAST
AMERICAN SHIP'CHALLENGER AFTER SHE HAD BEEN THROUGH THE RECENT STORM THAT RAGED
.ALONG THE COAST. SHE WAS BOUND FROM COMOX. B. C. FOR KAHULUI. H. I., BUT WAS DISMAST
ED ON* DECEMBER 20 AND PUT IN HERE IN DISTRESS.
Judge Baingerfield's Attorneys Chal
lenge the Entire Vote in Three
Do-wmtown Precincts. N
Attorneys representing Judge Dalnger.
field in his contest to the election of
Thomas F. Graham assert that they have
direct evidence of fraud on the part of
election officers in the fifth, seventh and
eighth precincts of the Thtrty-secona
I>istrlct and yesterday they made a mo
tion before Judge Murasky to declare all
ballots cast In these precincts Illegal and
void: In the fifth precinct 241 ballot* were
returned to the court for recounting
in the contest, while the official flSjref
show that" only 231 votes -were cast fn
that precinct. In the seventh pJectaS She
attorneys chUm there is a discrepancy of
frvin^oV^r^TiS^
"stuffing" and . the precincts win 0I h!
Emfc l SMr J ssM^
EVIDENCE OF STUFFING
BY ELECTION OFFICERS
and instrumental eelections between
courses. The musical selections were ren
dered by E. K. Jones, D. M. Ward and
Fletcher Tilton. Dr. C. L. Rigdon, I>r. J.
Mora Moss, George A. I>azy and James
Osborc responded to the toasts given by
Toastmaster E. H; Hart. Following are
the names of the others present:
Frederick A. Houaeworth. John C Spin
ney, -William J. Plunkett. Richard H. Col
lier, S. A. D. Jones, Ormsby W. Mechlins.
N. J. Nielsen, Thomas F. Gormley A. D
Henderson, J. A. Peters. Eugene R. Ellis,
Walter H. Marston, James O. Jones. Al
tX^ ?• E *! e y- Charles C. Darling Jr..
Theodore S Van Tassell, Albert M. S.
Mayer, Richard K. Allen, Augustus B.
?H, rlIn JK^ r - °- Back «s. Ed L, McLellan.
John F. }\ ooster, Arthur R. "Wooster.
College of Social Sciences — Bachelor of Let
ters: Robert Belcher (history. Jurisprudence),
San Francisco, Cal.; George Otto Brehm (his
tory. Jurisprudence). Berkeley. Cal.: Adrienne
Cerf (Latin, French), San Francisco. Cal.: Ben
jamin Franklin Driver (jurisprudence). Sacra
mento. Cal. ; Karl Henrlch (German, French),
Berkeley, CaL ; Virginia Nason Klenck, Ph. B.,
'OS (French, German). San Francisco, Cal.; Ed
ward Gerhart Kuster (history. Jurisprudence),
Los Angeles, Cal. ; Dolores Eleuteria Machado
(English, romance languages), Santa Monica,
Cal.; Margaret McLeod (English), San Fran-
Cisco, Cal.; Henry Clinton Melone (romance
languages). Oak Knoll. Cal.; Clella Augusta
Paronl (English, romance languages), Berke-
College of Letters— Bachelor of Art*: Alice
Linscott Freese (French, Oriental languages),
Berkeley. Cal. : Myrtle Jeannette Joseph (Greek,
Latin). San Francisco. Cal.-. Mabel Karl* Kel
sey (Greek, Latin). West Saticoy, CaL : Thomas
Drummond Mansneld (Latin, English). Hay
wards, Cal.: Margaret McCowan, A. B., Iowa
College. 1S90 (Latin. Greek), Phoenix, Ariz.:
Flora Wilson (Latin. English), San Francisco.
Cal.
awarded degTees, with their principal sub
jects, are as follows:
College of Natural Sciences— Bachelor of
Science: Helen Louise Emilie Areats (chem
istry, physics), Alameda, Cal.; Paul Castelhun
(chemistry, zoology), San Francisco. Cal.; Leo
Eloesser Jr. (chemistry, xoology), San Fran
cisco. Cal. ; Samuel Philip M&ybach (physios
chemistry). Dundee. Ohio; Marlon Mlcnener
(mathematics, education), San Francisco, Cal
College of Mechanics— Bachelor of Science-
Kurt Schlusa, San Francisco, Cal.
College of Mining — Kaehelor of Science:
Ralph Stuart Browne. Hay wards. Cal.: Aloy
sius Paul Million. Ban Francisco. CaJ. ; Vanes
Cralgmlles Osmont. San Francisco, Cal.
College of Chemistry— Bachelor of Science:
George Walter Monroe (chemistry, botany).
Monrovia, Cal.
rule on the motion Monday.
Judge Dalntrerfteld made a gain of 41
votes yesterday, which brings his gain up
to 164 votes since tha recount began.
ley Cal.; OMt« Lord Taylor (history). aU
mefla. Cal. ; Grace Abbie, Tyrrell (romance lan
guages), Berkeley. Cal.
College of Social Sciences— Bachelor of Philos
ophy: Joseph Everett Brand (philosophy, edu
??. tlo ?. > \.v B< £ kele3r ' CaL: Carl Sophus Hans-n
(Lngllsh), Berkeley. CaL; Franklin Porter Nut
ting Ourisprudence, history), Berkeley, CaL
College of Natural Sciences — Master of
Sc'ence: Sanford Alexander Moss (thesis
"Thermodynamics of the Gaa Turbine"). Shef
field. Ma
SATURDAY, DECEMBER 29. -
Bun rises 7:25
Bun sets ; 4:58
Moon rises ..0:31 a. m.
After an hour's wait and much skirmish
ing after a quorum yesterday afternoon,
the regents of the State University met
and awarded degrees to a number of stu
dents who will be graduated in January.
Several of the graduates wish to accept
positions as instructors, but they cannot
do so until their degrees have been award
ed, so a special meeting of the reg-ents
was called for Thursday last to pass the
degrees. There was no quorum and the
meeting adjourned to yesterday at 2
o*olock
At 2:30 It looked very much like another
postponement, but Dr. Pardee was tele
phoned for, and he responded. The roll of
honor bears the names of Regents Barnes,
Spreckels, Houghton, Reinstein, Foster,
Waymire and Pardee. Those who came
early spent the time before the meeting
in roasting the non-attendants;
General Barnes was elected temporary
chairman", and he rushed the business
through in five minutes. Those who were
INSUKANCE COMPANY
BANQUETS EMPLOYES
Jolly Crowd Spends a Pleasant Even-
and Instrumental Music.
ing Listening to Songs, Speeches
The local managers of the Pennsylvania
Mutual Life Insurance Company banquet
ed their San Francisco representatives at
the Poodle Dogr last night Tho evening
was spent in partaking, of. choice viands
and' liquids, with speechmaklng, songs
NOTE — In the above exposition of the tides
the early morning . tides are given In the left
hand column and the successive tides of the
day In the order of occurrence as to time of
day, the third time column gives the last tide
of . the day, except when there are but three
tides, as sometimes occurs. The heights given
are In addition to the soundings on the United
States Coast Survey charts, except when a
minus sign .(— ) precedes the height, and then
the number given Is subtracted from the depth
given by the charts. The plane of reference
Is the mean of the lower low waters. .
—
Much Difficulty Experienced In Securing a Quorum in Order That the Business or the Meet
ing Might Be Transacted In a Legal Manner— Dr. Pardee Saves the Dan,
Sun, Moon and Tide.
United States Coast and Geodetic Survey-
Times and Heights of High and Low
Waters at Fort Point, entrance to San
Francisco Bay. Published by official au
thority of the Superintendent..
NOTE- The high and low waters occur at tho
city front (Mission-street wharf) about twenty
live minutes later than at Fort Point; the
height of tide Is the same at both places.
At the initial meeting held a few days
ago twenty-one members were admitted
The American Shipmasters' Association
is the name of a new organization that
comprises the licensed masters of ocean
going steam and Bailing vessels, and has
for ite inject the enactment of such legis
lation as may best protect the shipmaster
in the discharge of his duties. Captain
J. W. Gove of ISO Valencia street. San
Fancisco, Is president • Car>tain C. O.
Hanpen of ISA Cumberland street Is vice
president, and Captain Henry Taylor of
506 Battery street i> fcecretary.
N«w Shipmasters' Association.
Water Front Notes.
The Bhin Thistlebaj)k will be taken to
the new Risdon Iron Works' docks to
day to be overhauled. She wu in colli-
Fion with the ship Osborne at Oakland
long wharf during the recent southeaster
and wa* considerably damaged.
The big tramp eteamer Hyadea is also
to be overhauled a.t the Risdon. The
main braces upder one of the hatches
gave way and the cargo was precipitated
into the lower hold. Considerable damage
was done, but nothing: very serious.
There was a slight fire In the Pacific
Coast Company's coaJ bunkers yesterday.
The workmen had a hard time of It dig
ging into the center of the coal heap
where the fire had started by epontaneoua
combustion. All danger was over about
4 p. m. yesterday.
The brig W. G. Irwln. eighteen days
from Honolulu, and «.h» brig Lurline, nine
teen.and a half days from Kahului, bath,
made port yesterday.
C. Hendry. a teamster for Gray Bros.,
who lives in "The Cartle" on Telegraph
Hill, was treated for a fractured nose and
a number of abrasiens of the face and
hands at the Harbor Hospital. Hendry's
team ran away with him and he was
thrown out on his ncad. He refused to
have his nose proper«v dressed, as he Is
going to a t>arty to-ni?ht and did not want
his face covered wltn sticking plaster.
M. Dannavey. who lives at the Boys'
Home. 606 Kolsom street, had two of his
toes amoutatecl at the Harbor Hospital
yesterday. He was trying to work an ele
vator at 3 California street and his foot
was caught between the wall and the as
cending machine. He will let somebody
else handle the elevator In future.
Accidents on the Iront.
Caught by Heavy Weather That
The hajk Fireno, twenty-eight days
from Port Oamble. was another of the
overdue fleet to make port yesterday. She
craped with but little damage, and Cap
tain Pettrrson Is more than thankful in
consequence. 1 he gale was run into forty
miles northtvest of Cape Mendocino. and
it lasted tor forty hours. The foresail was
torn away and the forctopgallant yard
went by the board. Considerable of the
<'¦'< k load was washed away, and all
hands were glad when the Golden Gate
was reached.
Nearly Wrecked the Challenger.
BARK FRESNO IN A GAXE.
bcred heavily and the decks were full of
¦water. On December 20. at 6 a. m., the
mainmept carrird away just above the
rr.ainyard. While the men were aloft try
ing to secure the mainyard the mtezen
raaFt went by the board. Thin last disas
ter hepp^ned nliout noon. We had to get
Fome after 5ail on her. so we lashed a
Fkysail-yp.rd to the stump of the mizzen
rnan und hoisted the main spejicer on it.
Then wp pot a. tiisaii pet. and in that
manner hoa<i*»d for San Francisco. I wap
mor> Than prl.id when a tug came along
i.r.d brouslu us imp port"
The changes are that the Challenger's
cargo, which < onstets of 2058 tons of coal,
will be dttdasved and the vessel put on
the drvdiM.k f«>r an overhauling. Wlren
rTisRed she will probably be changed Into
a bark.
For South America— 0 ¦> cs assay . goods, . 2040
Tbs beans,'6 crs onion*. 6 crs potatoes. 4 pkgs
raisins, 6 cs salmon, 202 gals wine.
For Mexico— 7, colls cordage, -6 tons coal, ISM
gals cocoanut oil, S pkgs • groceries and pro
vision!-, 44 cs hardware. 6300 ft lumber, 3 crs
machinery, , 5 crs onions,- 60. crs potatoes, 20
kegs powder. 30 kegs staples. 5 crs vegetables
12 cs wine. 2 kegs nails. •"... . :¦ . ..•.•."
For Panama — 38 cs canned goods, 200 lbs cod
fish, 350 bbls flour, 12,510 ft lumber, ; 70 cs sal
mon, 940 lbs sugar, 624 gals wine, 6 cs whisky
In transit— 65 cs silk, valued at $1000.'
' For Central America — 49 bxs apples," 30 bales
bags, 207 pkgs bottled beer, 10 bbls cement 25
coils cordage, 10 cs canned goods, 290 cs coal
oil, S4 cs drygoods, 506 lbs dried fruit, 2415
bbla flour, 67S pkgs groceries and provisions
75.410 ft lumber. 11 rolls leather, 93 kegs white
lead. 6 kegs nails, 71 cs oil, 8 crs onions 21
cs paste, 30 cs paint, 114 crs potatoes, 110 kegs
powder, 20 pkgs raisins. 11 bdls spice, . 150 ca
soap, .24 cs stationery, 62,977 lbs tallow. 7 cs
turpentine, 10 cs tar, 32 cs 3350 gals wine 45
kegs whisky, .12 pkgs .windmills.
The Pacific Mall steamship Colon sailed yes
terday for Panama and way ports with a gen
eral cargo manifested as follows: For Cen
tral America, $36,629; for Mexico, 12853; for
Panama, $1100; for South America, $785; total
value, (42.637. The j following I were the ¦ prin
cipal shipments:
Departure of the Panama Steamer.
The schooners, S. T. Alexander and Stanley
will load merchandise for Kahulut; the. Be
nicla, merchandise for Honolulu; the Consuelo,
merchandise for Mahukona: the Socotra, wheat
at Tacoma for Europe, 41s 3d, prior to ar
rival; the Wavetree. , wheat at Portland for
Europe, 42s, prior to arrival.
Charters.
The British ship Anglesey cleared yesterday
for Queenstown for orders with 42,927 ctls
wheat valued at H2.900. and 18,000 ft lumber
dunnage valued at $270. Total value, $12,270.
NEWS OF THE OCEAN.
SOUTHAMPTON— Sailed Dec 28— Stmr Kal
eerin Marie Theresa, from Bremen, for New
York. r^ov
MOVILLE— Sailed Dec 28— Stmr Furnessla,
from GlaeRow. for New York.
GIBRALTAR-Arrived Dec 28-Stmr Kaiser
Wilhelm II. from New York, for Naples and
Genoa.
NEW YORK— Arrived Dec 28— Stmr Olden
bure, from Bremen.
BOSTON— Arrived Dec 28— Stmr New Eng
land, from Liverpool.
HONGKONG-Arrived Dec 28-Stmr Frank
furt, from Pan Francisco, vlo Moji, etc.
NAGASAKI— Arrived Dec 28— Stmr Oopack.
from Manila, for San Francisco.
GLASGOW— Arrived D«c 28— Stmr Ethiopia,
frem New York.
Sailed Dec 28— Stmr Sardinian, for New York
YOKOHAMA-Balled Dec 24-Stmr Yang-tse'
for Seattle.
ST MICHAEL— Sailed Dec 28— Stmr Mier.
OCEAN STEAMERS.
HONGKONG— Arrived Dec 27-Br stmr Doric,
hence Nov 2S; Br stmr Empress of China, from
Vancouver. Prior to Dec 27— Nor stmr Ber
cenhus, from Astoria.
PANAMA— Arrived Dee 11— Stmr Newport,
hence Nov 19.
SalleatDec 11— Stmr Peru, for San Francisco.
COLON— Arrived Dec 26— Stmr Niagara, from
New York.
FALMOrTH— Arrived Dec 27— Br ship Crown
BARRY ISLAN1>— Passed Dec 26— Br ship
Pinmors. from Cardiff, for Santi Rosalia.
TABLE BAY— Arrived Dec 24— Br bark Brus
sels, from Vancouver.
VICTORIA — Arrived Dec 28 — Jap stmr Rio
Jun Maru. from Yokohama.
FOREIGN PORTS,
IQUIQUE— Sailed Dec 22— Br stmr Condor, for
San Francisco.
NANAIMO— Arrive* Deo 28— Stmr Mlneola.
hence Dec 24.
muoo, from sea, from Port Blakeley \ Nov 24,
for Coqulmbo.
PORT H A DLOCK— Arrived Dec 2S-Stmr Ri
val, from Seattle.
SOUTH BEND— Arrived Dec !S— Schr Orient,
from Redondo.
PORT TOWXBESD- Passed in Dec 28— Ger
chip Carl, rrom sea, in distress; Btmr Dolphin,
from Alaska; Btmr Bertha, orfm ValdeZ.
Arrived Dec 2S— Br stmr Glenturret, from
Yokohama. .
Bailed Dec 2S— Schr Luzon, for Hongkong.
SAN DIEGO— Sailed Dec 28— Stmr Iaqua, for
San Francisco.
GRAYS HARBOR— Arrived Dec 28— Schr Ber
tha Dolbeer, from Newport.
COOS BAY— Sailed Dec 27— Wballns: gtmr
Fearless, for Eah Francisco.
Arrived Dec 28— Schrs Gotama, hence Dec 9;
schr Vlklne, hence Nov 28; schr John F Mil
ler, hence Dec 20; schr Glen, hence Dec 20; schr
Jennie Wand, from Honolulu. -
SEATTLE— Sailed Dec 28— Stmr Rival, for
for Port Hadlock. Dec 27— Ship Star of Rus
sia, for Lahaina.
Arrived Dec 2S— Stmr Dolphin, from Alaska:
rtmr Bertha, from Valdez: bark Highland
Light, from Barclay Sound, in distress.
Sailed Dec 2S-Ship Oriental, for San Fran-
NEW WHATCOM-Sailed Dec 28-Schr ' Wm
Renton, for Redondo. .,
PORT LOS ANGELKS-Sailed Deo ES-fitmr
Alcatrai. for San Francisco.
XEAH BAT— Arrived Dec 2S-C*J1 fchlp Te-
» SAILED.
Friday, December 28.
Stmr Corona. Gielow. San Pedro.
Stir.r Pan Jose. Cattarinlch. Nanalmo.
Ktmr <"i>lon. Macklnnon, Panama.
Stmr Crescent City. Stockfleth. Crescent City.
Rtmr Gltmy. Inland. Sai-.ta Cruz.
Stmr Fulton. Levlnson, Grays Harbor.
Stmr Despatch, Johnson, Astoria.
Ftmr Panta Ana. Htrand. Eureka.
Phip Emily P Whitney, Brtirnian. Honolulu.
Ilr Ptmr Victoria, Blakey, Chemainus.
Ger ship Oertrud. Henkc Queenstown.
Br ship Crocodile. Wilson, Liverpool.
Bark Mohican, Kelly, Honolulu.
Sehr Archie and Fontie, Jensen, Stewarts
Schr Newark, neck. .
TELEGRAPHIC.
POINT LOBOS. Dec 28. 10 p m— Weather
clear; wind saim. i$f*fli
SPOKEN.
Dee 2J, lat S« 22 N, Jon 112 16 W-Fr bark
Falnte Anne, from Newcastle, Aus, for San
Francisco.
MISCELLANEOUS.
LONDON. Dec 28— Br ship Crown of India, at
Falmouth. from 'Kan Francisco, slightly dam
ared by collision.
Br ehlp Pexanus. previously reported, was
stranded, not foundered. Sb» got off at high
water.
LONDON. Dec 28— Br ship Primrose Hill,
from Liverpool Dec 23, for Vancouver, vat to
tally wrecked and sunk near Holybead.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
BANDOS- Sailed Dec 27— Schr Corinthian,
for Ean Francisco.
Sailed Dec 28— Schr Confisnza. for San Fran
dsco.
ASTORIA— Balled Dec 28— Br ships Muskoa
and Dursyre, for Queenstown.
EUREKA— Arrived Dec 28— Ptmrs Santa Bar
bara and Eureka, hence Dec 27.
Sailed Dec 28— Stmni Westport. Brunswick,
Santa Barbara an-1 Samoa, for San Francisco.
PORT GAMBLE— Palled Dec 27— Schr Ida
and the list now contains nearly a hun
dred names of Pacific Coast shipmasters.
The charter for the State organization
will reach here next wtek. Branch organ
izations will be established at Seattle,
Wash., and San Pedro on this coast and
New York City on the Atlantic seaboard.
Only licensed masters of ocean-goin.5
vessels are eligible for membership.
Thpre will be a meeting at the room?,
506 Battery street, to-night.
Shipping Intelligence.
ARRIVED.
Friday, December 23.
Ftmr Walla Walla. Hall. 63 hours from Vlc
tofia and Pug^et Hound portB.
ftmr Xararro. l'eterson, 11 hours from
Bowens Landing.
Stmr W H Kruger, Krog, 74 hours from Grays
Harbor.
Ktmr Newburg. PotTBon. 74 hours from Gray*
Harbor.
Ship Challenger, Pilti. 2S days from Comoi:
bound to Kahului: put In for repairs. ..
Hark Fresno. Pettereon, 28 days from Port
Gamble, via Port Anpeles 27 days.
Brit W O Irwln, CJenereaux. 18 days from
Honolulu.
Brig I.urlin«\ Schwabe. 19't days from Ka
hulul.
Hchr Emma Claudina, Mikeleen, 4 days from
Eureka.
CLEARED.
Friday. December 2S.
Btmr Ban Jos«, Cattarlnlch, Kanaimo; Pacific
Mail S S Co.
Stmr Colon, Mackinnon, Panama; Pacific
Mail S S Co. -*-'.•
Stir.r Santa Rosa. Alexander. Ban Diego:
Goodall. Perkln* & Co.
Stmr Geo \V Klder, Randall, Astoria; Oregon
Railroad & Nav Co.
Br ship Anglesey, Lewis, Queenstown; E C
Evans. v ¦¦;¦•.
TO SAIL.
DEGREES ARE AWARDED BY UNIVERSITY REGENTS
TO PERMIT STUDENTS TO AVAIL OF POSITIONS OFFERED
. ... - - <.
of pawnshops. Of the big Frank'in-street
haul, however, no trace can be found.
From descriptions furnished the detec-
tlves by pawnbrokers the detectives wove
the web about the burglars. One pawn-
broker was told to follow the first one of
the gang to enter his store until he met
a policeman, when he wan to have him
arrested. This was done, and Policeman
Jamos McLaine made the capture of Low-
ell at Powell and Mason streets yesterday,
Ranquest and Charigino were arrested
earlier at 225 Eddy street. When searched
at the prison a cold chisel was found on
Lowell. besides a pistol and skeleton keys,
while Charigino carried a pistol.
When confronted with the jewelry
which the detectives had recovered, and
on being identified by the pawnbrokers.
Lowell and his partner broke down and
confessed their guilt of the Baker-street
robbery. Their method of operating was
old and simple, but none the less effec-
tive. Ranquest distributed bills at likely
looking houses during the day. Then the
trio would watch the house till some one
left, their next move being to ring th-?
door bell. If any one answered an excuse
was made; If not. they made an entrance,
At 2313 California street admission to
the house was gained on Christmas eve
while the family was dining out. The
basement door was op«ned and then the
door leading Into the hall of the houpe
was forced with the chisel. Tests made
yesterday by Ryan and O'Dea show the
marks left by this operation to coincide
with the chisel found on Lowell,
The police say that the men are Eaat
em crooks. Their faces are unfamiliar
to any here. All three are very youthful
and of prepossessing appearance. While
nearly all of the Jewelry taken from the
Hirshberga and the Fords has been re
covered or Is located, no trace can be
found of that coming 1 from the Donau
house, yesterday the detectives discov
ered a quantity of jewelry from the Hlrsh
bergs cached in an alleyway at 630 How
ard street.
SUSPECTED BURGLARS PARADED BEFORE A LITTLE GIRL FOR
IDENTIFICATION. SHE COULD NOT PICK OUT ANT AS HAVING
BEEN SEEN BY HER AT HER HOME.
The spoils from the two latter burglar
ies were found scattered about in a score
.From the Dbnau residence the thieves
made a rich haul, the loss in jewelry be
ing estimated at $2000. The police are try
ing to connect the three men captured
with two other burglaries committed at
the residences of Mrs. Ford, 1716 Baker
street, and Mrs. Pauline Hirshberg, 2313
California street. The former house was
entered on December £1, the latter on
Christmas eve. From the Ford residence
$500 was taken, while the Hlrshbergs suf
fered to the extent of $600.
Jewelry, the value of which will amount
to $4000. has within the last month been
taken from three houses in the Western
Addition. One of these burglaries was ac
complished in a daring manner in day
light on December 12. In the house of
Simon Donau at 1432 Franklin street.
While the rooms were filled with guests
one of the daring robbers entered through
the basement and, having gained access
to the upper apartments, proceeded to
rifle them. While so engaged he was
surprised by little. Adele Steinman. a child
of 10, whom he threatened with death
should she give a warning cry. The little
girl told Detectives Ryan and O'Dea'. who
were detailed on the robbery case, that
she could identify the man who had
warned her to keep silent, but when con
fronted with the three suspects at the
City Prison last night the child declared
that the'man was not among them.
ONE of the most daring and clever
gangs of jewelry thieves that
has ever operated in San Fran
cisco has been checked In Its dep
redations by the arrest of three
men yesterday by Detectives Ryan and
O'Dea. The captured men are: Charles
Lowell, from Washington; Eugene
Charigino and Fred Ranquest, both
of New York City. Ranquest is at pres
ent but a suspect, he having been seen In
the company of Lowell and his compan
ion.
THE SAIN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, DECEMBER 29, 1900.
¦ ¦ ¦ ¦¦¦¦¦•¦ '-i ¦ ¦ ¦ " i i ¦ i
Two Eastern Crooks Meet Their Waterloo Through Pawnbroker s
Zeal and With Them Is Taken a Young Man Who Had Been
Much in Their Societg, Who Shares Their Confinement.
DIAMOND THIEVES OF SKILL AND GREAT
DARING CLEVERLY CAPTURED, OWNING
THEIR GUILT WHEN LODGED IN PRISON
8
Steamer. I From. I Duo.
1 1)
North Fork iHumboIdt iDei. »
Curacao [Mexican Ports |Dec. 29
Samoa IHumboIdt IDec. 29
Argo .. Coqullle River (Dec. 29
Mandalay Coqutllp River |Dec. 30
Kobt. Adamson.|Nanaimo ....|Dec. 30
Queen San L««ego Dec. SO
Donlta Newport Dec. 30
Eureka Humboldt Dec. 30
Willamette Seattle Dee. 31
Columbia Portland ami Astoria.... Dec. 31
Peru Panama and Way Ports Dec. 31
Australia Tahiti..: Dec. 31
Progreso ... Seattle Dec. 31
City of Peking China and Japan Jan. 1
Arcata Coos Bay Jan. 1
Pomona Humboldt Jan. 1
Mexico ,. Mexican Ports Jan. 1
Corona Newjx>rt Jan. 2
I'matlHa Victoria* Puget Sound Jan. 2
Cro«cent City.. Crrrvent City Jan. 2
Mackinaw . Seattle Jan. 2
Point Arena.... Point Arena Jan. 3
Santa Rosa San Diego Jan. 3
O. \V. Elder.... Portland Jan. 5
Steamer. I Destination. I Sails. I Pier.
— ! 1
Empire Coos Bay Dec. 29, 12 ra|PIer 13
Ft. Arena... Point Arena.. Dec. 29. 2 pm Pier 2
Amer. Mara China & Jap. Dec. 29. 1 pm PMSS
Pomona Humboldt ... Dec. 29, 2 pm Pier 8
G. Elder.... Asfla & Ptld Dec. 29, 11 am Pier 24
Xev\burg.... Grays Harbor Dec. 29, 5 pm Pier 2
Rainier Seat. & N. \V Dec. 29. 5 pm Pier 2
Czarina Seat. & Tacm Dec. 30, 5 pm Pier 8
Santa Kosa. San Dle^o Dec. 30, 9 am Pier 11
Samoa Humboldt ... Dec. 31, 10 am Pier 2
O. Dollar... Grays Harbor Dec. 31, S pm Pier 2
Coronado... Grays Harbor Dec. 31, 5 pm Pier 2
W. Kruger. Grays Harbor Jan. 1. 6 pm Pier 13
Eureka...... Humboldt ...Jan. 1, 9 am Pier 13
Walla Wai. Vic & Pgt Sd Jan. 1, 11 am Pier 9
North Fork. Humboldt ... Jan. 1, 9 am Pier 2
Bonlta Newport Jan. 1, 9 am Pier 11
Mandalay... Coqullle Rlv.. Jan. 1. 10 am PJer 2
Alameda.... Sydney & Wy Jan. 2, 9 pm Pier 7
Queen San Diego Jan. 2, 9 am Pier 11
Excelsior... Alas. v. Seat. Jan. 2. 1 pm OilWk
Columbia... Ast'la & Ptld Jan. • 3, 11 amiPier 24
Arcata Coos Bay..... Jan. 3,12 m|Plerl3
Corona.;,... Newport Jan. 4, OamlPierll
Mexico Mexican Pts. Jan. 5,12 m|Pler27
O .Time Time Time Time
» Ft. Ft. Ft. Ft.
p H W L. W H W L W
»... 5:15 5.7 11:55 1.0 6:18 ~H 11:19 ~Tl
10 ... 8:03 6.9 1:02 0.4 7:41 3.8
LW H \V L W H W
tl ... 0:19 2.4 6:64 6.1 2:04 —0.2 8:56 4.0
1 ... 1:25 2.7 7:51 «.S 2:57—0.5 10:00 4.4
2... 2:20 2.8 8:41 6.4 3:49-0.9 10:51 4.6
3... 3:14 2.9 9:31 6.5 4:35—1.0 11:40 4.8
4... 4:04 3.0 10:21 6.5 5:17 —1.1
O .Time Time Time Time
» Ft. Ft. Ft. Ft.
p H W L. W H W L W
»... 5:15 5.7 11:55 1.0 6:18 ~H 11:19 ~Tl
10 ... 8:03 6.9 1:02 0.4 7:41 3.8
LW H \V L W H W
tl ... 0:19 2.4 6:64 6.1 2:04 —0.2 8:56 4.0
1 ... 1:25 2.7 7:51 «.S 2:57—0.5 10:00 4.4
2... 2:20 2.8 8:41 6.4 3:49-0.9 10:51 4.6
3... 3:14 2.9 9:31 6.5 4:35—1.0 11:40 4.8
4... 4:04 3.0 10:21 6.5 5:17 —1.1
Steamer. I Destination. I Sails. I Pier.
— ! 1
Empire Coos Bay Dec. 29, 12 ra|PIer 13
Ft. Arena... Point Arena.. Dec. 29. 2 pm Pier 2
Amer. Mara China & Jap. Dec. 29. 1 pm PMSS
Pomona Humboldt ... Dec. 29, 2 pm Pier 8
G. Elder.... Asfla & Ptld Dec. 29, 11 am Pier 24
Xev\burg.... Grays Harbor Dec. 29, 5 pm Pier 2
Rainier Seat. & N. \V Dec. 29. 5 pm Pier 2
Czarina Seat. & Tacm Dec. 30, 5 pm Pier 8
Santa Kosa. San Dle^o Dec. 30, 9 am Pier 11
Samoa Humboldt ... Dec. 31, 10 am Pier 2
O. Dollar... Grays Harbor Dec. 31, S pm Pier 2
Coronado... Grays Harbor Dec. 31, 5 pm Pier 2
W. Kruger. Grays Harbor Jan. 1. 6 pm Pier 13
Eureka...... Humboldt ...Jan. 1, 9 am Pier 13
Walla Wai. Vic & Pgt Sd Jan. 1, 11 am Pier 9
North Fork. Humboldt ... Jan. 1, 9 am Pier 2
Bonlta Newport Jan. 1, 9 am Pier 11
Mandalay... Coqullle Rlv.. Jan. 1. 10 am PJer 2
Alameda.... Sydney & Wy Jan. 2, 9 pm Pier 7
Queen San Diego Jan. 2, 9 am Pier 11
Excelsior... Alas. v. Seat. Jan. 2. 1 pm OilWk
Columbia... Ast'la & Ptld Jan. • 3, 11 amiPier 24
Arcata Coos Bay..... Jan. 3,12 m|Plerl3
Corona.;,... Newport Jan. 4, OamlPierll
Mexico Mexican Pts. Jan. 5,12 m|Pler27
Steamer. I From. I Duo.
1 1)
North Fork iHumboIdt iDei. »
Curacao [Mexican Ports |Dec. 29
Samoa IHumboIdt IDec. 29
Argo .. Coqullle River (Dec. 29
Mandalay Coqutllp River |Dec. 30
Kobt. Adamson.|Nanaimo ....|Dec. 30
Queen San L««ego Dec. SO
Donlta Newport Dec. 30
Eureka Humboldt Dec. 30
Willamette Seattle Dee. 31
Columbia Portland ami Astoria.... Dec. 31
Peru Panama and Way Ports Dec. 31
Australia Tahiti..: Dec. 31
Progreso ... Seattle Dec. 31
City of Peking China and Japan Jan. 1
Arcata Coos Bay Jan. 1
Pomona Humboldt Jan. 1
Mexico ,. Mexican Ports Jan. 1
Corona Newjx>rt Jan. 2
I'matlHa Victoria* Puget Sound Jan. 2
Cro«cent City.. Crrrvent City Jan. 2
Mackinaw . Seattle Jan. 2
Point Arena.... Point Arena Jan. 3
Santa Rosa San Diego Jan. 3
O. \V. Elder.... Portland Jan. 5
»»©<><><><><>00<><X>0<>0<>0<>00<>0<><><^^
| The Best Natural Aperient Water.
I WBBWttJtami ACt9 Pr^Gripes.
> It Is A Wonderful Remedy For Those Suffering With
| Consti pation and Hemorrhoids.
J. Over 1,000 Physician* (many of the most fatnons in the world) Testify To This.
> It acts without uivinc; rise to Intestinal Irritation, and seta speedy, sure and gentle.
> Average Dose: H tumblnrful one half hour before breakfast will cause acopiou*
f evacuation, without bringing any dlwcornfort to the patient.
I ¦¦ -• , .' V. ; :.,;¦;, ¦..- :- , v •.,-¦¦, -;..¦ ' ...
' BF.WABE of Sobttltnte* and ALVATS ASK for the FTTtL NAME
BLUE LABEL and RED CENTRE PANEL on BOTTLE.
kali in it.
Pears', the soap that
clears but not excoriates.
Ail sorts of stores sell It, especially
druggists j all sorts of people use it*
To keep the skin clean
is to wash the excretions
from it off; the skin takes
care of itself inside, if not
blocked outside.
To wash it often and
clean, without doing any
sort of Yiolence to it| re-
quires a most gentle soap,
a soap with no free al-
For a Cold in the Head.
Laxative Bromo-Qulnine Tablets. ' V •
Suit on Infringement of Patent.
The National Tooth Crown Company
filed an action in the United. States Cir-
cuit Court yesterday against the Seamless
Tooth Crown Company to recover $15,000
damages for Infringement of patent, tWASHINGTON IRVTNG AT 23.
FROM AN ORIGINAL SKETCH
BY JARVIS.
In Business on Stolen Capital.
1 Peter fFrandsen was arrested yesterday
by ! Detective T. " B. Gibson and . booked at
the City Prison on a charge of grand
larceny preferred against him by his step
father, Balder . Frandsen, -• Devisadero
street. Last Friday he stole $141 from his
stepfather and left a note wishing him a
merry Christmas.^ With the * money. he
started a cigar stand at 201 Ellis ' street
and was doing a . rushing business when
he was arrested. ". : ,'-?-"•'¦
"Michael C. Gorham. manager for an un«
dertaklng establishment at 777 Mission
street, was arrested yesterday by Police
man Butterworth on a charge of vlolatlna
an ordinance of the Board of Health. Th«
complaint was sworn to by J. W. Cam
eron, assistant secretary of the Board oi
Health. Ellen Dermody, a girl about 1
years of age. who lived at 38 Chesley
street, died Wednesday from diphtheria
and fhe was not buried until yesterday
morning, although the ordinance requlrej
that in all cases of contagious diseases
burial must take place within twenty-foui
hours. Neighbors had been - passing lo
and out of the house all the time sine*
the girl's death. Gorbam was released oa
Undertaker in Trouble.
The Challenge Is Out.
Wednesday, January the 2d. the great
challenge will take place in this city. •
Florence Roberts to Appear in the
Sensation of London and New
York.
The theatrical fad of London and the
East will be introduced in this city next
week, for the management of the Alcazar
Theater will produce "The Adventures of
Nell Gwynne," In which the favorite ac
tress, Florence Roberts, will make her
reappearance. The character of the poor
girl who sold oranges at the doors of "Old
Drury" and who became the favorite ac
tress of her day, as well as a favorite. of
the Merry Monarch, Charles II, has been
portrayed by many distinguished thes
plans. Julie Neilson set London talking;
Ada Rehan and Henrietta Cross man won
favor in New York and .Eastern cities:
dainty Marie Tempest has impersonated
"Sweet Nell of Old Drury," and now
Florence Roberts is to enact the historical
rhnrnrtrr^'fUnfl
The Alcazar will present the play In
lavish manner, the costumes and scenery
being specially prepared from the sketches
used In the first production of the play
MISTRESS NELL GWYNNE
ON THE AXOAZAR""BTS51
THE second annual meetings of the
Geological Society of America
and the Philological Association
of the Pacific Coast convened
yesterday morning, to be in ses
sion for two days, ffhe Geological So
ciety met in the morning fn the rooms of
the Academy of Sciences, while the Philo
logical Association held its meetings in
the annex of the Hopkins Institute of Art.
Both meetings were well attended and the
interchange of views on scientific and
classical subjects was considered to be
of much value by the educators and men
of learning who participated.
The Geological Society listened to a
number of most interesting papers and it
was a matter of regret that the time limit
did not allow of the completion of many
of the addresses.
William P. Blake of Tucson. Ariz., pre
sented an interesting paper on the evi
dences of the shallow seas in Palaeozoic
time In Southern Arizona, He dwelt upon
the extensive distribution of coarse con
glomerate in several of the mountain
ranges; the occurrence of basal sand
rocks and quartzltes of probable Cam
brian age and their relations to the under,
lying granite. Several instances were also
cited of new locations of Devonian fos
sils.
E. W. Claypole of Pasadena, Cal., spoke
on "The Sierra Madre near Pasadena."
The famous "Bates Hole of Wyoming"
was vividly described by Wilbur C.
Knight of Laramle, Wyo.. and was illus
trated by many beautiful lantern views.
An Illustrated address was also de
livered by H. W. Fairbanks of Berkeley,
his subject being "Notes on the Geology
of the Three Sisters, Oregon." The group
of volcanic rocks Is situated on the sum
mit of the Cascade Range In Central Ore
gon. The speaker showed^that investiga
tions proved that volcanio eruptions had
taken place since the glacial period and
In London. The version of the Alcazar
play adheres to historical facts, intro
ducing Jack Churchill, the^ dashing sol
dier who founded the' house of Marlbor
ough. Churchill will be played by Lucius
Henderson, who recently Joined the Al
cazar company, and Howard Scott is cast
for the role of Charles II. The company
will be augmented, as the play calls for
twenty epeaking roW-s. s
After the reception of the reports of the
secretary and treasurer, the chair, ap
pointed the following committees: On
time and place of meetings, Professor
Murray of Stanford, Professor Gayley of
Berkeley and Mrs. L. R. Smith of Santa
Clara: on nominations of officers, Profes
sor Merrill of Berkeley, Professor Faire
loujrh of Stanford and Professor Brodley
of Berkeley.
Professor B. M. Anderson of Stanford
University read the first paper of the day,
his subject being, "8om© Notes on the
Resoectlve Functions of Prose and Verse
in Shakespeare's Plays." The address
was a scholarly one and was analytical
to a degree, being rewarded with ap
plause. Dr. H. C. Nutting of Berkeley f ol-
The morning session of the Philological
Association was devoted to,the reading of
the reports of the treasurer and secre
tary, the appointment of committees and
the reading of a few papers. In the ab
sence of Professor Benjamin Ide Wheeler,
the president, the chair was taken by
Vice President Professor E. Flugel of
Stanford University.
The afternoon session of the society was
held at the university at Berkeley, when
papers were read as follows: "A Geo
logical Section Through the John Day
Basin," by J. C. Merrlam of Berkeley,
Cal. : "Sketch of the Pedological Geology
of California." by E. \V. Hilgard of
Berkeley, Cal.; "The Geology of the
Great Basin In Eastern California and
Southwestern Nevada," by H. W. Turner
of Washington, D. C. ; "Neocene Basins
of the Klamath Mountains," by F. M. An
derson of Berkeley, Cal.; "The Drainage
Features of California," by Andrew C.
Lawson of Berkeley, Cal.; "A Feldspar
Corundum Rock from Plumas County.
Cal.," by Andrew C. Lawson of Berkeley..
The annual election of officers was held,
at the' afternoon session. Professor Wil
bur C. Knight of the University of Wyom
ing was elected president and Professor
Andrew C. Lawson of the University of
California secretary.
that a volcanic cone stands upon the
North Sister In th'o path of the present
glacier.
. i • • ¦¦
PROFESSOR E. B. CLAPP OF THE UNIVERSITY OF CALIFORNIA, DE
LIVERING AN ADDRESS BEFORE THE MEMBERS OF THE PHILO
LOGICAL ASSOCIATION OF THE PACIFIC COAST.
After the report Mrs. . Wlljard B. Har
rington of San Francisco, president of the
Red Cross of , California, was elected a
member . of < the ; national board of control,
to fiir the vacancy made by the resigna
tion of Mrs. | Phebe Hearst, j thus keeping
California's place on the board filled by a
representative woman, whose work is
known from the Pacific to the Atlantic.
The" National Red . Cross of "America, at
its annual: meeting in Washington, D. C.;
this month, recognized with enthusiasm
the value of the work of the California
organization. Mrs. *J. Ellen Foster, sec
ond vice president of the board, who had
recently spent some weeks on this coast,
made a glowing report of the work done
in California and the Philippines In sup
plementing the Government in Its car©
for the soldiers. ' She declared that tha
distribution of the large fund, fafiO.000,
contributed by the people, had been most
judicious and that many lives and much
Buffering had been saved. ¦
ton Elected Member of No
-» tional Board.
State President Mrs. W. B. Harring-
CALIFORNIA RED CROSS
SOCIETIES ABE PRAISED
At the session last evening of th© Philo
logical Association an address was deliv
ered by Professor E. Flugel of StanfoixJ
University on the subject of "University
Tdeals." Profesfor B. I. Wheeler was to
have been the speaker of the evening, but
in his absence Professor Flugel consented
to take, the task. A large number cf
teachers availed themselves of the invita
tion to be present and the audience was
both large . and • representative.
Interesting papers were also read as fol
lows: "Grammatical Note on Pindar—
The Accuslve Case," by Professor E, B.
Clapp of Berkeley; "Some Unpublished
ManuFcripts of the Library of Maihlnsren
of the XV to the XVIII Centuries and
Their Relative Value," by ProfessorF. G.
G. Schmidt of the University of Oregon;
Professor E. M. Pease of Stanford Uni
versity read .a most interesting paper as
to the various translations and divergence
of opinion as to the "Note on Horace's
Satire, I— V, 16. 4 'Nauta Atque Viator.* "
He showed | that of all tne numerous
translations, not' two were alike, all the
translators taking a different view of the
meaning of the words "nauta" and "vi
ator." "Nauta" had been translated aa
"boatmen," "boatrr.an," "the mula driv
er." "the men In charge of the boat," etc.,
while "viator" had been translated as
"the foot passenger," "the traveler," "a
single passenger" and "all tha passen
gers."
The various papers read at the meetings
were briefly discussed by some of the ed
ucators present.
Professor O. M. Johnston of Stanford
University read a paper on "The Episode
of Yvain, the Lion and the Seroent," as
found in the works of Chrestlen ae Troies.
The afternoon session produced some
very Interesting papers, which were lis
tened to with marked attention. The most
Important of the afternoon addresses was
the one delivered by Professor J. Fryer
of Berkt-ley, who spoke on "Chinese Lit
erature." Some students, declared the
speaker, were of the opinion that the lit
erature of China was a priceless treasure,
while others opposed this Idea. To under
stand the Chinese people, one must study
their literature, the accumulation of forty
centuries. No other nation could show
Fuch a vast storehouse of knowledge, for
there was not a single branch of the
classics or general learning on which the
Chinese did not possess countless vol
umes. The introduction of printing had
greatly increased the output of literature
and to-day it had reached enormous pro
portions. While all the literature of China
was written in the classical language,
which only the cultured could understand,
the time was not far away when, in re
sponse to popular demand, the literature
of the nation would be printed In a lan
guage understood by all classes. The Chi
nese are a literary people and literature
is the foundation of their very existence.
Professor C. M. Gayley of Berkeley
closed the morning session with an ad
dress on "Fresh Light on Facts and Dates
in the Life of Robert Greene."
lowed with a paper on "The History of
the Contrary to Fact Construction in
Ijatin." which was also a masterly pro
duction.
srunny humor, their tenderness and sym
pathy and real pathos: their kindly- satire,
their dreamy contemplative spirit, their
mild melancholy, their Indian summer at
mosphere, their picturesqueness and ro
mance, to leave this and turn to the great
throng of humorists and wits that hav<»
filled the century with their voices, is like
leaving some old medieval castle with its
dreamy romance, its traditions of pageant
and revelry and merry Jesters, Its far
off tragedies and comedies— so far off,
indeed, that the present seems half for
gotten — and stepping; suddenly into the
blaze of the circus, with Its pointed
clowns and its brass band. Yet among
the American humorists there Is a little
group that may be classed with Irving.
Pauldtng, who was a neditor of "Salma
gundi" and who wrote much In the vein,
of "Knickerbocker's History"; Donald G.
Mitchell, fui, of sentiment, often really
pathetic; George William Curtis, ths
kindly satirist of the *'Potiphar Papers."
and Charles Dudley Warner, the biogra
pher of Irving, are the leading 1 figures In
the little group.
Of these Warner deserves the first place
as a humorist. His graceful sketches,
with their refined touches and their per
fect art stand at the head of one small
branch of our humor. Warner and Mark
Twain were long neighbors In Hartford,
yet In their writinga they stand a whols
world 'apart. No two authors could he
more perfect antitheses, Warner wu cul
tured and self-restrained: he was seldom
witty and never coarse: he was leisurely
and finished In his stvle and his humor
is like a delicate aroma that pervades h;«
whole work. One never bursts In a roar
as he reads "My Summer la a Garden"
or "Backlog Studies,"' but on© feels on
every page that inward emile, that warm
glow about the heart, that kindly feelln<
toward all created things, that the trua
humorist alone can give. It Is Impossi
ble to do justice to a real humorist with
a quotation.
We have a cat. & magnificent aahnal et th«
sex which votes (but not a polecat)— «o larr*
and powerful that If h« were In the army h«
would be called Long Tom. He Is a cat of fine>
disposition, the most Irreproachable morals I
ever saw thrown awav in a cat and* a splen
did hunter. He spends his nights, not in social
dissipation, but In gathering in rats. mice, fly
ing squirrels and also birds. When he first
brought me a bird I told him it waa wron*.
and tried to convince him while he wu eating
it that he was doing wrong, for he is a reason
able cat and understands pretty much every
thing except the binomial theorem and the timo
down the eydoldal arc But to no effect. The
killing of birds went on ta my great regret
and shame.
The other day I went to my rartfen to get a
mess of peas. I had seen the Gay before that
they were Just ready to pick. How I had lined
the ground, planted, hoed, bushed them! • • •
What a touching thought It was they had all
pedded for me! When I went to pick them
I found the pods all split open and the peas
gene. The dear little birds, who are so fond
of tha strawberries, had eaten them alt.
• • • I went Into the bouse, I called. Calvin
(that Is the name of our cat). I petted Calvin.
1 lavished upon him an enthusiastic fondness!
I told him that he had no fault; that the on«
action that I had called a vice waa a heroto ex.
hlbltion of reeard for my Interests. I bads him
fro and do likewise continually. I now saw
how much better Instinct Is than mere un-,
guided reason. Calvin knew. If h» had put
his opinion Into English (instead of his native
catalogue) It would have been "Yoa need not
teach yotzr grandmother to suck efg*."
Warner was a kind of lattar day Ir
ving • without his early exuberance and
without his mild melancholy. He delight
ed in the dreamy romance of the Orient:
he had a delicate vein of pa-thos and a
warm human heart that went out to every
man as his brother; he had a sly rein of
satire that was whollv without mailca
and withal he possessed a true sense of
the ridiculous that, fused with his other
qualities, produced humor of the mos>r
genuine kind.. In the words of Underwood,
"'his books bear rereading, ¦which is the
proof of their duality. In the case of
many books of comic intention a sinr:?
glance takes In the proffered jokes; tha
wit Is exhaled and the pages are hence
forth as stale as exploited conundrums.
The works • of the true humorist rentvt
! their freshness and. like our author's gar.
den, though often traversed, are dewy
and fragrant with each new day."
FRED LEWIS PATTE35.
Pennsylvania State College.
With all Its exaggerations and bur
lesques and broad fun there is at the basl3
of thV> humorous book a firm substruc
ture of shrewd common sense and wide
observation.- The work is full of gentle
satire on men and manners and politics
of Inrlng*9 own day:
Treaties at best arc fcut oompned with so
There are in th© "History" abundant
germs of what In later days deteriorated
into mere buffoonery and horse-play. The
story of the old Dutchman who resisted
the edict of Peter the Headstrong which
forbid the wearing of queuee, and who.
dying at the moment of victory, ordered
with his last breath that a hole be mado
in his coffin so that the queue might hang
out at the funeral as a symbol of his vic
tory, might have been written by Mark
Twain. Whole chapters are full of de
licious fun, never strained, never weak.
6s spontaneous as the laughter of a
healthy child. It Is first of all a broad
burlesque, a mock heroic prose epic that
laughs with Innocent glee at everything
which It touches. Its characterizations
and situations are ludicrous in the ex
treme. How could one improve th© pic
ture of Wouter the Doubter?
Ha was a very wise Dutchman, for be never
said a foolish thing— and of such invincible
gravity that he was never known to laush. or
even to smile through the course of a long and
prosperous life. Certain, however. It Is there
never was a matter proposed, however simple,
and on which your common, narrow-minded
mortals would rashly determine at the first
gla£,?e, but what the renowned Wouter pat on
a eighty, mysterious, vacant kind of look,
shook bis capacious head, and, having smoked
for flve minutes with *e<3oubled earnestness,
sagely observed that "he had his doubts about
the matter." • • • His face, that infalllDle
index of the mind, presented a vast expanse,
perfectly unfurrowed - or deformed by any of
those lines and angles which disfigure the hu
man countenance with what is tanned expres
sion. Two small gray eyes twinkled feebly
In the midst like two stars of lesser magnlture
in the hazy firmament, and his full-fed creeks.
which seemed to have taken toll of everything
that went Into .his mouth, were curiously
mottled and streaked with dusky red. like a
Spitzenberg apple. His habits were as regular
as his person. He dally took his four stated
meals, appropriating exactly an hour to each;
he smoked and doubted eight hours, and be
slept the remaining twelve of the four and
twenty. • •. • In bis council he presided with
great state and solemnity. •••-•< When any
deliberation ; of extraordinary length and in
tricacy was on the carpet the renowned Wouter
would absolutely shut his eyes for full two
hours at a time, that he might not be disturbed
by external objects— and at sneh times tbe In
ternal commotion of his mind was evinced by
certain regular guttural sounds, which his ad
mirer* declared were merely the noise of con
flict made by hit contending doubts and opin
ions. . , - - 1 '
They then called a council of safety to smoka
over the state of the province. After six
months more of mature deliberation, during
which nearly 600 words were spoken and al
most as much tobacco was smoked as would
have served a certain modern general through
a whole winter's campaign of hard drinking, it
was determined to fit out an armament of
canoes.
The earth shook as if struck with a paraly
tic stroke— trees shrunk aghast and withered
at the sight— rocks burrowed in the ground like
rabbits, anil even Christian Creek turned from
Its course and ran up a mountain in breath-
The lady of "Wouter Van Twiller onco had
occasion to empty her light pocket In search
of a wooden ladle, and the utensil was discov
ered lying among »ome rubbish In one corner.
A deplorable accident happened last assem
bly in cocseguence cf the architecture of a
lady's figure not being sufficiently ctron;. In
the middle of oce of the cotillons the compary
was suddenly olanued by a tremendous crash
at the lower end of the room, and on crowd
ing to the place discovered that it waa a fine
figure which had unfortunately broken down
from too great exertion in a pigeon-wing. By
great good luck I secured the cors«t, which I
carried home In triumph; and the next morn
ins had It publicly dissected, and a lecture
read or. it in Surgeons' Hali. ••• By ac
curate calculation I find, it dangerous for a
fine figure, when full dressed, to pronounce a
word of more than three syllables. Fine Fig
ure, If In love, may Indulge in a g-entle sigh,
but a sob is hazardous. Fine Figure may smile
with safety, may even venture as far as a
giggle, but must never risk a loud laugh. Fig
ure must never play the part of a confidante,
as at a tea party some fine evenings since a
young; lady, whose unparalleled Impalpability
of. waist was the envy of the drawing room,
bunt with an Important secret, and had three
ribs— of her corset— fractured on the spot.
There was nothing especially original in
the humor of the "Salmagundi" group.
Their work was but a survival of the
eighteenth century \ periodical of Steele
and AddlEon, but In It there were germs
of a really original humor. In "Knicker
bocker's History" Irving broke away
in a large degree from, his Knglish model.
The style of the work is, on the whole,
finished and correct, full of a dignified
and leisurely self-respect, very much in
contrast with that of many later humor
ists, but its humor is none the lees truly
original. . Nearly all of the devices made
use of by later American literary come
dians may be found In It. It abounds,
for Instance, in exaggeration:
The little periodical, with Its unknown
board of editors and its fearless criticism
of manners and people, became during
its short existence almost a sensation in
New York. Its exuberant spirits, its
"more than Cerberus watch over the
guardian rules of female delicacy and
decorum," its intimate knowledge of "the
conduct of the fashionable world" and its
severe ridicule of "the gentlemen who
doze away their time in tne circles of the
baut-ton," made It delightful reading for
many.
Female costume was a constant subject
for satire and fun.
We Intend to present a etrikln? picture of
the town, and aa everybody is anxious to sec
his own phis on canvas, however stupid or
ugly it may be, we have no doubt but the
fthole town will flock to our exhibition. • • •
Like all true and able editors, we consider our
selves infallible, and therefore, with the cus
tomary diffidence of our brethren of the quill,
we shall take the liberty of Interfering in all
matters either of public or private natur •.
• • • We beg the public particularly to un
derstand that we solicit no patronage; we are
rtetei mined, on the contrary, that the patron
age shall be entirely on our side. • • • The
publisher professes the same sublime contempt
for money an his authcrs.
"When Washington Irving in 1S0O pub
lished hl3 "Knickerbocker's History of
New York" he certainly did rot dream
that he had made the Initial book of a
new and great literature, nor that he haa
given to bis countrymen a humorous work
that they were not to see surpassed for
at least a century. Nothing had bsen
further from the author's intent. He had
begun the book as a huge practical joke;
it was to be a burlesque on a certain
pompous handbook of New York. He was
scarcely out of his boyhood. The world
was a merry comedy; he was bubbling
over with life and animal spirits and the
joy of existence, and he wrote for the
mere delight of it. The result was a spon
taneous overflow of fun and satire, of wit
and humor and gay burlesque. Nowhere
else in English is. there such an. elaborate
piece of unstudied, spontaneous, perfectly
natural humor. There is not the slightest
straining for comic effect as in so many
of the later humorists; there are no Jokes
dragged in by the ears; no painful efforts
to keep up the fun at any cost. The au
thor is funny because it Is perfeptly nat
ural for him to be so— indeed, because it
Is impossible to be anything else.
The young manhood of Irving was gay
and vivacious. With a little band of boon
companions,. "The Nine Worthies,"
among whom were the novelist Paulding
and liis own brother, William Irving, ho
Imitated the jovial Steele and Fielding
and Goldsmith of an earlier day. Con
stant contact with the best social circles
kept the little band from dange'roua dis
sipation, but its merry meetings at pub
lic inns and private homes were full of
liveliness and wit. In 1807 the club planned
to issue a periodical to voice its gayety
and wisdom, even as Steele and his fol
lowers had been moved in an earlier era.
The result was "Salmagundi; or. the
Whim-Whams and Opinions of Launcelot
Longstaff, Esq., and Others," a Little, ir
reguiar periodical whose object; as stated
by its editors, was "simply to instruct
the young, reform the old, correct the
town and castigate the age." Xever did
youthful spirits and unbridled fun flow
more gayly and freely. The young re
formers were perfectly fearless and irre
sponsible:
Ining ig the greatest of American hu
morists. His tenderness, his de^p pathos,
his quick wit. his spontaneous humor,
unite in a combination rarely found any
where. Bryant, his contemporary and
intimate friend, declared of the "History
of New York" that "when. I compare It
with other works of wit and humor of
similar length I find that, unlike most of
them, it carries forward the reader to
the conclusion -without weariness or
satiety, so unsought, spontaneous, self
suggested are the wit and humor, • • *
His humor not only tinged his WTlting^
but overflowed in his delightful conversa
tion." Warner declared it to be> "the rich
est piece of native humor that the coun
try has produced" and Bverett once said,
"I know of nothing happier than thi.i
work in our language."
To leave the. writings of Irvine with
their graceful, leisurely movement; their
But In all the hook-Indeed, In all of
Irving's books— there Is not a trace of
malignity or bitterness or of anything
save kindliness and overflowing grood na
ture. In his later books his humor wu
less boisterous, yet in all. even In hlspura
ly historical writings, it is ever present.
It shines through all of his earlier"
sketches like a beam of autumn sunshine,
mellow, golden and cheerlnij. It is tha
very soul of such sketches as "The Stout
Gentleman" and such tales as "Th<* Le
gpnd of SIrepy Hollow " It Is useless to
• fuote from these perfect masterpieces-
what American has not read thonx over
and over?
Let It surflee th^n to gay that !n a little
while the blessing- of Innumerable lairs became
notoriously apparent. It was toon found nec
essary to have a certain cla?a of men to ex
pound and confound them. Divers pettlfojrxers
accordingly made their appearance uirder whose
protecting care the community wu soon »et
together by the ears.
long as interest requires their falflllmsnt. Con
sequently, they are virtually binding on the
weaker party only; or, in plain truth, they are
not binding at all.
Interesting Addresses Made bu Men of Renown, Who Disclose
the" Secrets of Nature, While Others Dwell on the Methods
of Education or Probe the Depths of the World's Literature
Remarkable Showing Set Forth by
the State Dairy Bureau
Report.
California butter and other dairy prod
ucts of the State in the period of on»
year have surpassed in value the output
of California's gold mines in the year 1S99,
If there is no mistake in the official fig
ures. State Mineralogist Cooper has re
ported the gold output of California in
1899 to have been worth fl5.336,03L Wil
liam Vanderbilt, secretary of the State
Dairy Bureau, yesterday reported to the
Governor that the value of dairy products
in the twelve months ending October 1,
1900. was "$15,493,272. On this showing
golden butter, cheese, etc, led gold Just
J157.241.
There are many figures In the dairy
bureau's report. The period of two years
is covered and the aggregate for the two
!s J2S.770.SJ7. There was a gain in the year
1899-00 of 12,215,647 over the year . 1838-99.
The report tells of prosecutions In Los
Angeles of violators of the anti-oleomar
garine law, and also repeats that the sol
diers at the National Home at • Santa
Monica are still fed on oleomargarine and
the Government for which they fought Is
paying for 70,000 pounds of It per annum.
The chemist of the bureau, William H.
Baylor, Is highly complimented for ex
cellent work., . - -
DAIRY PRODUCTS OF
STATE OUTSTRIP GOLD
Fire Department was called upon.
Responding to a still alarm the members
of engine 4 came to the rescue, used their
pompiers, scaled the dizzy heights of th«
building and picked up the prostrated
MiF* Grev.
Blue-coated fire laddies carried her into
the Training Home, tne matron put Ethel
to bed and the doctor who was summoned
paid she had a sprained ankle. Now Ethel
sayn she will be good and will not try to
escape any more— that is, as long aa her
foot Is so sore.
Policemen and Firemen Rescue the Giri
From a Perilous Predicament.
Ethel Grey, a 14-year-old girl who did
not relish th«> restraints of the California
Girls' Training Horn* at 1«7 Natoma
street, made a sensational attempt to es
cape yesterday afternoon.
Shortly after 4 o'clock Officers Tyrrell
and Jordan were summoned to the home
to rescue the younif irirl. She had got out
of an u;n>er window and from there
lumped to the roof of an adjoining tene
ment. None of the policemen wanted to
follow her and past lier down, so the
ETHEL GRAY MAKES A BOLD
DASH TO REGAIN LIBERTY
Tni. nunflreds of teachers in at
tendance at the meetlne of the-
California Tethers' Association
spent the forenoon of yesterday
In departmental work at the Mis
rton High School. In the afternoon they
! srersed to strong addresses by two col-
Ic pa presidents in Metropolitan Tempi©.
"'¦ ;is morning the final session will b*
a general meeting in the auditorium
<? the Mission Higrh School, at which
committee reports will be heard and the
cew officers installed.
One of the largest audiences that has
ret gathered during the session was pres
ent at Metropolitan Temple in the after
noon to liFten to addresses by President
David Starr Jordan of Stanford Universi
ty and President Charies Franklin
Thwing of Western Reserve University.
Miss Doane Bang a «oprano solo and re
sponded to an encore. Miss Roberts sang
a contralto solo and gave an encore, A
class of boys and girls from the Crocker
School Bang three songs. The Hawaiian
quartet sang "Sweet Carnations" to the
accompaniment of mandolins and guitars.
For an encore they save "Aloha One"
end were compelled to respond to a sec
ond encore.
The subject of President Jordan's ad
dress was "Hopes of Japan." He spoke
In part as follows:
Of all the lands in the world Japan is the
mo«t fascinating. Others hive equal be&uty
of sce-nery, greater grrandeur. more noble works
at art, more interesting problems of society.
But none exert an equal fascination. No one
who has ever been in the real Japan, which
lies outside the treaty ports and the foreign
betels and railway*, ever could or ever would
forjret his experiences. No one If he could
»ould ever fail to return.
The great wcret of this charm l!e» wjth the
people their.sWves. They have made a fine art
of personal relations. Their acts are those of
trood taste and irood humor. Two cities of
a»>out the same size and relative importance
are Paris and Tokio. So two could chow a
proaTrr contrast in fplrlt. Both are in a 6ense
cities of pleasure. Tokio is a city of continu
ous Joyousness. little pleasures drawn from
flmple thinps. which leave no Etinp and draw
nnthim? from future happiness. Paris is fever
ish tnd feels '"the difference in the morning."
the 'hard fierce lust and cruel deed," which
*o with the search fcr pleasure that draws on
the future fcr the Joy of the present.
No one who catches the spirit of Paris can
miss the underlying Eadness. the pity of
it ail. The spirit of Tokio — not of ail Tokio,
but cf its life as a whole— Is as fresh as the
fin* of birds and it is good to be under Its
fpell.
Part of this spell Is the fair scenery of Japan.
Orrat wo«-v<jed mountairs. snowy cones of vol
canoes, dashing river? and resting lakes, each
dropped in its place with a wonderful eye to
the picturesque. The tall cryptonwrias of the
crntral forests rival their sister sequoias and
redwoods of the California slopes. The Japan
ese pine is unique among trees, for wherever
Jt irrows it stands as if posing for its portrait,
the center of each scene in which It occurs.
If there be an island of white a*hes in eonie
purple bay, there will Ftand seven pines in
a r»w across it. each pointing its long arms
in »i»n different directions. On the old royal
hijehway of the feudal days, from end to end
of Japan, stand long rows of sheltering pines
as old as the dynasty, and each one with all
the individuality of one in a series of king*.
The great pine of Karas&ki stretches its. long
«rntt further than thow of any other tree
whatsoever in any country-
The pr-ography and the history of Japan have
thfir charms a* well, and thene sink deep in the
hf-arts at the Japanese. Kvery moor was once
the scene of a great battle. On every moun
tain ;¦;..-* great deeds were .wrought. Even
though these name* and deeds have long since
been shrouded in mythology, yet they are none
the less potent to touch the heart of the new
as of the old Japan. From the great central
mountain aiis of the main Island rocky pro
mnntoriPt thrust themselves out across the
rice fields far into the sea. The warm Kuro
Fhiwo. or Black Stream, comes up from the
Philippines and Formosa and washes the crars
in which these promontories end. In the warm
water and the sultry, vajior- laden air is devel
oped the richer marine life that dwells on ary
coast in the wh-jle world. And this abundance
of life on land and f>ea by day or by night is
one of the J"ys of Japan.
With the people themselves the virtue* of life'
ore an clowly Joined together. The name of
Hushido means the vplrit of honor, and thl»
honor covers all the virtues of Bobrtety, hon
esty, hopefulness;!, patriotism and religion. It
is the Japanese character at its best. It makes
this character and in turn it is created by It.
The Fhlnto religion, the primitive religion of
Japer. is often defined af "'Ancestor Worship."
It is more than this, far more, but It is also
le«« than this. It has been called no religion
et all and I found it so called in the encyclo-
I*dia. because it has no creed, no ceremonies
necessary to Its practice, no sacred legends or
mysteries and nothing of the machinery of spir
itual power which characterize great religions
In other countries. It makes tio proselytes. It
nppope* no belief and insists on none.
It Is the animating spirit that causes a
Japanese to love his children. t» be kind to his
wife, to help the stranger, to be. loyal to Japan.
to devote hts life to her service, and above all
to be worthy of the traditions of his ancestry,
to n* a man even as hi? creat fathers were, and
to do no act which is unworthy of hi« clasa, of
tOm education, or of his training.
Japanese soldiers are amen? the hest In the
world not because of thpir jitrength of endur
ance, for th»y are a small and feeble folk, but
t - cauw they will obey orders, because they
<vish to ol**y. for In «r> doing they do their part
tr» the glory and the upbuilding of Japan. The
Jap&nese students belong largely to the Samu
'el elan=— the. old feudal retainer*— and the feel
(ttf of loyalty to Japan is the animating spirit
In ail their studies and In all their work. It is
•he spirit of honor, the Bushido. the religion cf
Pn long as the Japanese keeps this feeling he
« worthy of trust. When he loses his re
iifious spirit, whatever his rank or creed he
¦.ecomes a d'-genera??. open to the attacks of
ill th» vices. For this reason a Japanese who
¦ a5 lost his pride and grown careless or Indo
«r,« <• «> nf th* least useful of men and roon
«nng» to the level of the similarly outcast
Anglo-Saxon.
These r«ct« will help us to understand cer
tain critic-Inn* on Japan. The merchant com
plains that th* Japanese have no business head
and are careless of their contract*. In this con
nection we may note the paradox In the rela
tions of the Japanese and Chinese to business
methods and public honeety. The Chinese are
tne business men of the Orient. The China
man s word is his bond and his contracts are
carried out to the letter. In Japan, the mer
chant who has miscalculated asks his credi
tors to pay his debts. He shows to others equal
courtesy. His sense of good taste Is stronger
than his sr-nse of equity. Yet while from the
lowest to the highest the public life of China Is
corrupt, there are few countries on earth so
honestly governed as Japan. The spirit of
honor animates the Japanese official and a
public office is a public trust.
The missionary Rays that Japan Is given "over
to materialism, and that Herbert Fpencer holds
greater sway over even the converts than the
church. The man of science notes the prefer
ence of the Japanese scholar for memorization
of words or for half understood abstrusities of
philosophy. There is said to be no philosophy
] in Japan, and into this vacuum comes Herbert
Spencer. The man of the world finds the Jap
anese immoral, not remembering- that vice is
j e*rywhere near to him who seeks It.
But all these criticisms are skin <leep. I'n
j der all is the ifreat loyal, grenerous. nation, the
embodiment of good hope, good taste and good
will— a people who love their homes, their chil
dren and their country on whose soil no for
eign Invader has ever yet set his foot.
In Tokio I addressed the teachers of the city
on "'What Japan Has to Learn From the Edu
cational Experience of America." I tried to
tell them that she has to learn the value of in
dividual Initiative and individual adequacy;
that equity Is higher than courtesy; that the
cure for vice is found not in prohibition, but
In the strenEthenin;? of the moral backbone of
the Individual man; that women must be
trained If home? are to be centers of culture
I and purity, and that the final end of education
Is not promotion, nor culture, nor the acquisi
tion of knowledge, but the development of per
eonal effectiveness. The man should know the
world and his place in it that he may do his
part to the best advantage of himself and
other*.
In Japan there Is a general, almost romantic,
feeling for America. It was America, who. In
If*, first opened Japan to the activities of the
Wett. It was America who led in the estab
lishment of the Japanese school system and
j the great Imperial University at Tokio. To
Japan. America Is her nearest and best friend
among the nations, her guide and leader in the
] paths which are new and strange.
j As America must fare both ways and aa this
part of America muFt face the Orient. It is
well for us to remember the kindly feeling of
the Japanese people and to meet it half way.
President Thwinp delivered the last ad
dress which he will ffive before the as
sociation on "Tools «ind the Man." He
said In part:
The tools that lie behind the man. that make
the man. are thought, appreciation, righteous
ness. The man wlio can think, who can put
this thought ovrr against that one and can
i r*ach a conrluslon is a power. Ability to think
¦ is of much more consequence than what we
j call scholarship. If in the one thousand or
j more students In Stanford University a. single
j scholar can be found. Its distinguished presi
dent may consider himself fortunate; but that
I university or any other Fhould make every one
of Us students a thinker.
I sometimes play golf with a man named
John D. Rockefeller. Occasionally he admon
• lshes me, "Mr. Thwing, play with delibera-
I tlon." He has told me, '"I go over and over
my figures time and time again to make ab
solutely sure that I am right."
I have been asked here, "Do you approve of
| TTiB.nu&.l t rfi i nine?"* It is ft- Question t ti a r o&n
' not be answered by a simple yes or no. The
i essentia.! thing Is. "Does this thing Impart the
power to think?" If you are training the
hand alone you might better devote the time
1 to something - else. If you are reaching the
I *;«;-..»*t rtrult you are training the mind
1 through the hand.
! Whpt American life needs is a better appre
! ciaticn of the higher life. In a new land there
1 is a tremendous temptation to emphasize the
| unworthy and the sensuous.
; These three tools make possible the perfect
• man. Here In California there is great op
: portunity. San Francisco is a world-oty, and
! here it Is possible that the perfect man will
i be developed. That consummation Is a long
j way in the future, but It will come, and you.
I teacbe-re of California, may be thankful that
| It Is Riven to you to contribute to It.
The sensation of tht morning sessions
i of the departments was furnished by
' Professor Julius Goehel of Stanford Unl
¦ versity. In his artdress before the de
1 partmVnt of classic? and modern lan
fuaRes on"The Failure of the Accrediting
ystem," he asserted that by the pres
i ent system of accrediting high schools by
! the University of California the unlver
i sity was griven undue power over the high
; schools. As a result, he said, the high
1 school curriculum is arranged with a view
mainly to fitting the tfupils for the uni
: versity. though but 7 to 8 per cent of
t them "ever enter college. Or. Goebel con
' tinued:
[ The accrediting system is frail also because
1 the university examiner spends only an hour
I with a clasp and then reports whether or not
j the school should be accredited in that branch.
The Investigation is necessarily superficial and
¦ grave injustices are sometimes Inflicted. It la
i rrjorted that there have been cases where unl
¦ versity examiners have allowed personal dls
j like of certain teachers to uway them to the
i extent of refusing to accredit the classes of
such teachers. High school teachers feel that
they have to take orders from university pro
fess"'*.
This criticism applies not alone to California,
' but also to many other States.
Profppsor Goebel suggested as remedies
i the appointment of a regular examiner,
i who would give all hl& time to the work:
the examination of graduating classes
alone, and the admission to the univer
sity on probation of students of non-ac
credited schools.
Irving M. Scott delivered an addreps be
fore the department of manual training
| that was much appreciated. A class dem-
I onstration In cooking- was another feature
of the meeting of that department.
Two College Presidents, David Starr- Jordan of Stan
ford and Dr. Timing of Western Reserve, Deliver
Forceful Addresses Before the General Meeting
SECONDARY EDUCATION IN MANY
PHASES DISCUSSED BY TEACHERS
IN SESSIONS OF THE DEPARTMENTS
GEOLOGISTS AND PHILOLOGISTS MEET
IN ANNUAL SESSION TO EXCHANGE
VIEWS ON SCIENCE AND LEARNING
Copyright, 19OO, by Seymour Eaton.
HUMOR Of ENGLISH AND AMERICAN LITERATURE
WASHINGTON IRVING AND HIS SCHOOL
THE CALL'S HOME STUDY CIRCLE
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, DECEMBER 29, 1900.
9
For a Cold • in ; the . Head.
Laxative Broino-Quinlne Tablets. •
AVOID FRAUD
BY
INSISTING
WHEN YOU BUY
Lansdowne
That the selvedge shall be
perforated every flve yards
».« •• • •••• j»» # •••• f m y\
\:\:z\:~: :•• :••;•:••.;;.:-:
««••••• • • • • •¦••• •
• •••••• •• •••••• •••• •
None Genuine Without It.
AH First-Class Dress Goods Houses Sell ItBradstreef s Financial Review;
Cash 'quotations were - as follows: Flour,
dull and easy; No. 3 spring wheat, 65Q71c; No.
Articles— Open. High. Low. ¦ Close.
Wheat N«. 1— .
December .......... 69?4 , 70*4 69% 70%
January....... 70'4 70S . 69% 70'4
May 72%. 73% 72% . 73«J
- Com No. 2 — ,
December . 38V4 36H ; 3G9J S6ti
January .. 36% S6V4 - . 35% 36%
May .3614 86% 86 3614
Oats No., 2— . H
IHceml)er .....V^... Sl^ 21% ' 2H4 •, 21tj
January ............ 21% 2174 21% 2Vi
V-ay 23% 21 • iZ% 231,
Mess Pork, per barrel —
January 12 07H 13 20 12 07H"12 20
May .............12 15 12 25 12 15 12 22^4
L<ard. per 100 poundB—
December..... 6 87V4 6 87*4 !>6 80 6 82U
January .....6 70 . 6 7"H ' 6 70 . fi 77it
May.......: 6 SV.i . 6 92',4 ¦' 6 87% 6 S2V*
' Short - Rlbe, per 100 pounds — ..._'..
January.- 6 22V4 6 30 * 6 22V4 ' 6 SO '
May .........;...... 6 35 - 6 40 6 85 6 40 .
Provisions were quiet but firm, except for
December large, which lost Its recent manipu
lative support and dropped- oft 5c. Moderate
hog receipts, fair local buying and. the wheat
strength were the main supporting factors.
January pork closed 10c higher, lard 2VSc higher
and ribc 6c Improved.
The leading futures ranged a* follows: ¦
• The oat market not only ruled firm, but ex
hibited strength enough to pull itself out of. the
rut In which it has recently been plodding.
May closed ¦ %c higher. , •¦ ¦ >.. .....
CHICAGO, Dec. 28.:— Save for a few mo
ments at the start the Government report ls
»ued after closing yesterday wasted its bear
ishness on the desert air. The general opinion
before business began was that there would be
imposing amounts of long stuff for sale conse
quent to the Government figures, and those
who wentedto buy held oft for a recession in
prices. May opened tt@Uc lower at 72*4o to
72%c. nervously touched 72%@72%o, and then
dropped to 72%®72*4c. The unloading of wheat
that had been expected had failed to material
ize. The course of the market thereafter de
veloped the fact that it had been oversold.
Bids for. wheat served mostly to keep the price
an elusive fraction away until May had fully
recovered. Even at the top price. 73*4@7S%c,
offerings were only moderate and the close was
firm, 140 higher, at 73>4c
Corn was moderately active at 'the opening,
but became dull and narrow later. May closed
unchanged at 26>4c.
On the morning' session of the Bond Ex
change business was quiet, with sales of Gas
and Electric at'$4fi'(£t6 SO. In the afternoon the
stock sold up to $46 87%.
The usual active business waa dorr* oa the
Oil Exchange. Monte Crlsto opened at $3 89
and declined to $2.
In the afternoon there were large tales of
Reed at 64ff68c. an advance, and Monte Crtsto
rose to $: io. with small sale*. Caribou de
clined to 65c.
The Utah Mining Company ha« levied an as*
sessment of 5c.
The Saving and Loan Society has declared
a dividend of 3*4 per cent per annum on all
deposits, payable January 2.
STOCK AND BOND EXCHANGE.
FRJDAT. Dec 28— 2:*> p. m.
UNITED STATES BONDS.
Bid. Ask. BM. A»Jc
4s quar conp..U7%HSii ta <!o ep <new).138»ilO9
4a do reg 116fill7*^s 3s do coup .. — —
MISCELLANEOUS BONDS. X
Bay Co P Co.. 104.% — Oak Water 5s. 10414 —
Cal-st Cab Zm.VS%lli%i Oceanic 83 5s. 110*4111
C C Water Ss.108 — Om C Ry 8s. .1M —
Ed E & P 63.131 135 Pac O Imp 4«.101 —
P,A G Ry 6B.114H — P A Cl Ry 6s. 103 109
Geary-st P. 3s. — ,— P4ORR 69.115H —
H C & S Bs.. — — Powell-st R Ss.US —
Do 5s" t<5314 — Sac E OAU Us — 100
L A Ry Ss... -.1119*111% B F & SJV Sa.113% —
L A Lt Co 6s. — 103 |S R of Cal to. — IIS
Do gnM 6s.. — — S P R Of A 6s.ll3«,ia
L A smtd B3..100 108 S P C 6s (1905.
L A P R R 5S.100 — Series A) .. -105H —
Market-st 6*..12S% — Do Series B) 110*4 —
Do 1st M 53.122*4 — I*> <»'*> "--J" 112%
N C N O R 7*. — 114 I>o 0912) ...121 —
N R of Cal 6s.ll4«4 - S P R 1»« S to.lK* —
Do 5s ..119 — 3 P R 8" 131 —
'NP.CRR6s.nt — S V Water ta.lUH —
Do 6* 1CS — Do 4a 103*4104
N Cal Ry 5s. .110*4 — Da 3d mtg.,103 —
Oak O L & H. — 111% Stktn Gas ts.101 108
OakVTran 6s.. — 121
, WATER STOCKS.
Contra Costa.. 70S 72 Spring Valley. 93%, —
Marln Cotmty. 51Va —
GAS AND ELECTRIC STOCKS.
Cent L & P Co — 4>4 Pao L Co 43 44
Eqult G L Co. S 3!a Sac E G&R Co 35 —
Mutual L Co.. «H 10 S E Q & E.... 46% 4T
O O L & «... 49H — fan Francisco. — —
Pac Gas Imp. 46>i 45 Stktn G&E Co — 14
INSURANCE STOCKS.
Firem's Fund.23 -
BANK STOCKS.
Anglo-Cal Ltd 75 — First NatlonLSlO —
Bank of -Cal „ 409 412% Lon P & A. ...143 —
Cal S D & T.. 103 — Merchants' Er 1« —
Chicago brain and Produce.
ICEW TORK. Deo. 2S-— The Wstory of to
day's stock market floes not differ materially
from that of the past few weeks. That la to
ti.v, aelllng to take profits cam* on the mar
ket like a flood in the opening dealings and
the professional bears, constantly watchful for
the first sign of the reaction which they know
must Inevitably ooroe. forced prloes down In
an attempt to dislodge long *tock. Their
efforts wer* defected, aa they had been on
many rrevious occasions, by the supporting
order* which came Into th* stock attacked aad
the new point* of strength which were con
r.fiecUy marshaled from among the stocks
which have not yet encored any considerable
rise. The point wherein to-day's market dif
fered from those of recent Etock Exchange his
tory *u that the profit-taking waa renewed
In force before the close and the unsettled
condition continued until trading ceased, prices
at that time showing wide declines) from the
best and in some case* beinx well below last
night. There were no remaining points of
atrenffth to sustain the market In this late
break, the ingenuity of the traders having ap
parently failed them or their lnduatry In seek
ing out new ctocks being overcome by weari
neaa. Once again tb« often recurring cry of
a rear-end asueeze in the money market Waa
reiaed this morning in connection with the
open Ing attack on etocks. Loan* to-day on the
Etock Exchange carry over until Monday, but
tills fact, coupled with the year-end require
ments, failed to create a ripple of trouble in
the call loan markst. Only on the opening
was 6 per cent aeked and the rate declined from
that point. The striking feature of the buoy
ant market which prevailed during the middle
portion of the session tras the Inconstancy of
the strength and demand for epecial stocks
A rapid price movement in an Individual stock
would be followed by a aharp reaction, while
the rpeculatlve demand would shift hurriedly
to other Quarters. A few mlnatea' consultation
ljetvreea trader* on the floor would result In
the forma-ticn of a pool to take all offerinrs
in eome conspicuous eiock. After these vere
absorbed the price would be rapidly bid up
one or two or three points. Such a maneuver
never failed to attract a. horde of speculative
following, with buying order* coming from
both within and without the exchange. These
ehort-time pools had no difficulty in liquidating
their holdings at a handsome profit. The list
of etocks In which this operation occurred ln
c!-Jdr-« many of the high-grade railroad stock*
as well as those known in Stock Exchange par
lance as cats and dec*.
The demand for bonc> was not so conspicu
oue as yesterday, but there were strong points
in the market. Total sales. S5.925.000.
United States old 4* advanced »i, refunding
Ss % and Cs and 6s % en the last call.
NEW TORK STOCK LIST.
Fhare* Clo*lngr
Sold. Stocks— Bid.
2E.440 Atchlsoo - 4$H
£2.200 Atchison prefd 67\
£3,500 Baltimore * Ohio.... 12*
New York Stock Market.
THE STOCK MARKET.
NEW TORK, Deo. 28.— Bradstreet's to-mor
row will say: A fitting close to a year of ex
ceptional and in some respects unprecedented
activity Is furnished by the very general re
port of large holiday business in the past week.
The best report as to this sort of trade comes
from the Southwestern section, .but except In
some parts of the spring wheat and lumber
belt of the Northwest satisfactory advices are
quite general. Heavy-weight clothing, too, has
been measurably helped for the same reason,
but despite a good business in the past two
weeks, the fur trade has apparently lagged
somewhat owing to mild weather. In whole
sale trade business has been of seasonably
small proportions, but reports from leading
lines, such as Iron and steel, shoes and leath
er, lumber, glass and spring dry goods, have
been encouraging, chiefly, of course, as re
gards the views entertained as to the outlook
rather than as to new business actually accom
plished. Stock taking Is now In progress, and
details as to accepted results probably may
be forthcoming soon after the close of the
year. /
Speculation In cereals has been light, and
Increases In supplies and large surplus reports
from the Argentine republic have still further
depressed the long interest In wheat.
The world's wheat supplies are about on a
par with those of a year ago, and American
supplies are actually umaller. Prices as, a
rule are eteady and change* few. The con
spicuous advances are in refined petroleum on
export trade, and some gain Is noted in tin on
the week, although the close is below the
highest. . Coffee is fractionally higher. Lard
Is weaker but by far the largest list ot staples
Is unchanged. Wool has been quiet but steady.
Wheat, including flour, shipments for the
week aggregate 4,011.105 bushels, against 4,123,
350 last week and 3,610,557 bushels in 1599. From
July 1 to date this season -wheat exports are
94,151,455 bushels, against 103,994,193 last Eea
eon, and 121.628.709 In 1898-99.
Business failures In the United States for
the week number only 213. against 2S7 last
week. 220 in this weak a year ago, 218 In 1S0S
and »7 in 1897. £
Canadian failures for the week number 15.
against 28 last week, 22 in.thla week a year
ago, 10 in 1898, and 22 in 1897.
MIDDLINGS— $16 D0@19 CO per ton.
Hay and Feedstuffs,
All descriptions remain as previously quoted.
There is plenty of Hay and Feedstuffs here, but
no accumulation of stock. *.
BRAN— $14@15 per ton..
FEEDSTUFFS — Rolled Barley, • $16@17 . per
ton; 'Oilcake Meal ; at the . mill, $25^26 ;-. job-
FLOUR— California Family Extra*. $3 2C©
S 50, usual term*; Bakers' Extras, $3 15®3 25;
Oregon, $2 75®2 85 per barrel for family and
\> 7i®3 for bakers' ; Washington, bakers', ' $2 75
03." ¦ ' ¦ ¦ ¦ - '
MILLSTUFFS— Prices in sacks are as fol
lows, usual discount to the trade: Graham
Flour, $3 per 100 lbe; Rye Flour, $2 75; Rye
Meal, $2 50; Rice Flour, $7 ; Corn Meal. $2 75;
ixtra cream do, $3 50; Oat Groats, $4 50; Hom
iny $3 50@3 75; ; Buckwheat Flour, $4@4 25;
Cracked Wheat. $3 GO; Farina, $4 60; Whole
Wheat Flour. $3 25: Rolled Oats (barrels), $60
7 25;ln sacks, $5 75@7; Pearl Barley, $5; Split
Peas, $5;, Green Peas, $3 50 per 100 lbs.
Flour and Millstuifs.
CORN— The market continues neglected and
quotations are more or -less nominal. Tellow,
$1 12V401 15: White, $1 10@l 12V4; Eastern mixed.
$1 12*4 per ctl.
RYE— 85@S7V-c per cU.
BUCKWHEAT— Quoted at $1 75@2 per otl.
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal Session— 9:15 o'clock— No sales.
Seeond Session— No eales.
Regular Morning Session— No sales.
Afternoon Session— No sales. •
OATS— The situation remains unchanged, be
ing firm, but quiet White. $1 30igi 60; Surprise,
nominal ; Red, $1 25@1 40 for Feed and $1 35®
1 45 for Seed; Gray, nominal; Black, for Feed.
$1 15@1 20; for Seed. Jl 25®1 SO per ctl.
Informnl Session— 9:15 o'clock— May— 4000 ctl*,
%1 04*4; 14.000, $104. ¦>- ; ¦ <
Second Session— No sales.
Regular Mcmlng Session— December (lfi01>— '
2C00 ctls, $108%.
. Afternoon Session — No sales.
BARLEY— Dealer* reported a fair Inquiry at
previous prices. "
Feed. 76c for choice bright*. 72> / 4e for No. 1
and 67H@70c for. off grades; Brewing and Ship
ping grades, 77%®82*4c; Chevalier, nominal.
CALL BOARD SALES,
Chicago opened easier, ¦with a moderate de
mand and some selling by {raders. -Later on
a firmer tendency developed, the shorts cov
ered and -local support was given the market.
The Government estimate of a crop of 622.000,000
bushels wae considered rather bearish, though
the previous crop was D47,000,000 bushels. The
report, however, caused no selling.
A cable from* the Argentine said that the
Wheat indications were poor in portions of
Santa Fe province. Thie week's shipments
from the Argentine were 424,000 bushels, against
552,000 for the same week last year.
In the local market futures *ere higher, but
spot prices were unchanged.
Spot Wheat— Snipping, 97*4c; milling, Jl©
1 02% per ctl.
WHEAT— Liverpool showed little change,
Paris futures were lower and New Tork was
eevcral fractions higher.
Wheat and Other Grains.
Exchange and Bullion.
Sterling Exchange, 60 day* — $4 82H
Sterling Exchange, sight — 4 86%
Sterling Cables — 4 87%
New York Exchange, sight — 12*4
New Tork Exchange, telegraphic — 15
Fine Silver, per ounce — 63%
Mexican Dollars, nominal &0*£ O &1
¦ WHEAT — Receipts, 76,775 bushels; exports,
91.318 bushels.- Sales. 2,175,000 bushels futures,
10,000 bushels spot. Spot, firm; No. S.red, 79c f.
0. b. afloat; No. 2 red, 76%c elevator; No. 1
Northern Duluth, S3?»c f. o. b. afloat; No. 1 hard
Duluth. 87^0 f. o. b. afloat. Options opened
easy owing to continued bearish sentiment on
the Government rep'ort, but quickly rallied on
covering and remained strong for the balance
of the day. Demand was prompted by adverse
Argentine cables, higher cables from Europe,
export buying and fair clearances. Closed' firm.
%ij!%c net advance. January, 75 15-16@77*4v5,
closed 77%c; March, 7S%®'79%c, closed 79%c;
May, 7S%@:79 l-16c, closed 79c; December, 77 7-16
<§77 l ~c, closed 77*£c
HOPS— Quiet.
HIDES— Steady.
WOOL— Dull.
SUGAR— Raw, steady; refined, quiet.
COFFEE— Spot, steady; No. 7 invoice, 6T4c:
mild, quiet; Cordova. 9**!3>13%e. Futuree closed
steady with prices 10@15 points higher. Total
sales 8750 baps. Including: December, $5 60;
January, J5 50@5 55; March, ?5 75; May, $5 75@
5 SO: September, . $3 90®6 95; October, $6.
BUTTER— Receipts, 4281' packages; steady.
Creamery, 17®25c; June creamery, 17@23c; fac
tory. 11 H® 16c;
EGGS— Receipts, 3056 packages; steady. West
ern average packed, at mark, 19@22Hc; West
ern, loss off, 24c.
DRIED FRUIT.
ETVAPORATED APPLES— The business done
In the market for evaporated apples to-day was
confined chiefly to the desirable grades at cur
rent prices. Sentiment, however, on the- whole,
was inclined to be bullish, owing to the light
supply on hand, and the market closed firm,
with prices tending upward. . State common
were quoted at 4#5c; prime, 4%@5%c; choice,
6',4<i?Cc: fancy. 6<g7c.
California dried fruits, quiet and about steady
ct old j'rices.
PRUNES— Were quoted from 3*4@8%o per
pound, as to size and quality.
APRICOTS-Royal. ll@14c; Moorpark, 13®16c.
PEACHES— Peeled. 16@20c; unpeeled, 6©9c
New York Grain and Produce.
NKW YORK, Dec. FLOUR— Receipts,
15,414 barrels; exports, 5290 barrels; steadier
with wheat, but not more active.
Southern Callforniar-Fair Saturday; l!irt:t
t- tie Saturday morning- In tta* Interior; light
northerly wlnda.
Nevada— Fair Saturday.
Utah— Fair Eaturday.
Arixona— Cloudy S&turday: brick north winds.
San Francisco and vicinity — F^alr {Saturday,
blooming cloudy at night; light northerly,
cfrtr.g\r,g to aoutheaeterly wind.
AT.KXAXDER O. MeADIE.
yprecaat Official.
Northern California— Fair Saturday; light
tcrtherly winds; light frosts Saturday monv
lr.jr.
No rain ha» fallen west of the Rocky Moun
tains, except at Neah Bay. and a light snow
tx Flagstaff.
Conditions are favorable for frosts Saturday
morning generally throughout California.
Forecast made at San Francisco for thirty
hxurs ending ro'.dnirht, December 2S. 1900:
The temperature fcas fallen slightly over
Northern California. In the great valleys the
temperatures are about normal.
FORECAST.
The pressure ha* fallen rapidly over Wash
l:-frton fcx.d Xorthern Idaho and has risen
elewly over Southern C&lifoi-nla and Arizona.
An erea of high pressure overlies nearly the
entire country west ot the Rocky Mountains.
A bean- norther has been blowing In the- val
lrys of Southern California and the lower air
Is reported at Los Angeles aa full of dust; a
nsLximuni wlnfl velocity of 24 miles per hour
from the north i« reported at Tuir.a.
Kan Franelnco data: Maximum temperature,
(S.; m-nimuin, 4S; irtin, 51.
CONDITIONS AND GENERAL.
Butter and Effgs ar» cheaper, taxt Cnees*
shows' no change.
Poultry and Game are aeffins; about aa they
did last week, both being In fair supply. Mea,ta
stand tie same.
There is little new In Fra!t». bttt Tervtable*
¦how a few changes. The acmmer Vegetables'
have been rather high during thm holidays.
Coal, per ton —
Cannel J QU OOfSotrtltfleia
Wellington .. @ll CO Wellington en 00
Seattle » 00® ICoos Bar.... © 7 B0
r><ilry Produce, rte. —
Butter, choice. *xj.E0©55t Common EJnr»- -»0^32H
Do good 4o<3>— Hanrh Eggs, pe-
Pickled S.'.iH0 docen ......^.JSCSTH
Tub, per lb l'>m— Honey Comb, per
Cheea*. Cal 15®17 pound 15»rt)
Cheese. Eastern... 17^20 Do. extracted... 10@U
Cheese. Swiss 2O335
Meats, per lb— ; • • ¦¦:
Bacon JriiJlUIRonnd Bteeik ....10^—
Beef, choice 15320 j Sirloin Steak ....158—
Do. rood ...._. — ®11, Port-rhouse do ...209 —
Cornea Be«f —^10 Smoked Beef — <®15
.Ham- ....13''5l5.Pork. salt U'flS
Lard — 4?13lPork Chops 15313
Mutton ._. 10fl2 Pork Sausages.. 12V>'?:3
Lamb —® 12 Veal 12»15
Pork, fresh 1*8>—
Poultry and Gam* —
Hens, eacn 60®7S Dtrre*. per 6ea..fSrfiTX
Young Koosters, Quail, per dos...fl WSt
each BCXJJ75I English Snipe, per
Old Roosters, ««_.6fl®et>| dosen SZftl M
Fryers, each :6Oigcn| Jack Snipe Jl 75
Broilers, each 40^60 j Mallard. palr.^..60«?S5
Turkeys, per lb..20@—| Canvasback ....... 60^30
Ducks, each SO^.oPpria: 50®60
Oeese, each...*l 504J1 75 Teal -....40^*0
Pireons pair lO'Jf'Ol "Widgeon ..._ 4O5JM
Rabbits, pair 40©— Small Duck J6©33
Hare, each — \fW Wild Geese, pair.— '<T50
Fruit* and Not*-
Almonds, per lb.-15®20 LIbm, per &o*....l»ltl3
Apples *et 5 Lemon*. do« 13J?23
Banana*. &o* 20fJ:r. Raisin*, per lb....— «—
Oranges, dos ....13@50 Walnuts, per Ib..lS®t9
Vegetables—
Asparairus. per lbSO'9— |Onlorai, per lb J« 5
Artichoke*. dz7Sc®Jl 25|«~»kra. dried, lb...— -B!3i
Beets, doz lot?— I Peppers, ft., lb.lJV4«—
Beans, white. lb..l5'ff20 Potatoe*. per ib.'z'n —
«;oiored. per ib.lMi— Rhubarb, per lb..— ©IS
Lima, per lb.... SUM Sweet Potatoes. lb 3®—
Cabbage, each .. 6<tf— Parsnips, per dj.lCtf*—
Cauliflowers, ea... 5©— Radlahes.da: bchs-lSitfTJ
Celery, head 5.®— ?age. doz bncha-.K-JtW
Cress, doz bnchs.ls'tCCO Stricg Beans, lb..l53M
Cucumber*, pr &z\$ftl*\ Thyme, per lb 252130
Eear Plant. n> to<3flZ\ Turnips, per rts..1»vJ5—
Ureen Peas, lb StplS Tomatoe*, per lb..2O^—
Lettuce, per iloz.Lif.' 1 ;
Fish-
Barracuda ...... ..12ZIZ Shad •--'-'•' - — 'ir ' 8^19
Carp ...„_... 8913 Sea Baas -ftu
Codfish .12tfTi5 Smelt* ....... ..._.12d—
Flounders 10©12iSole* 10'®—
HaJlbnt 10315 1 Skates, eacb .... 8S:3
Kingflsh »©— Tomcoa — «U
Mackerel . 158— Clams, ralloa 50<$—
Do. Horse ....12*43— Do. hardshell, lb StU3
Perch 10@12 Crabs, each .»..12*4^—
Pomplno 90«3— Do, softahell. dz40'?^—
Rockflsa 12H'3— Mussels, Quart.... ttiM
Kirmon. fresh ....20^— Oysters. Cal. 100.40©50
Do. smoked — ft'lS Do, Eaitern, di.25yi3
Shrimps Sf?10
Family Retail Market.
The following are the seasonal rainfalls to
<5r.te, as compared with those of the same date
lest e^ason. and rainfall In last twenty-four
hours:
(IT^h Meridian— Pacific Time.)
EAN FRANCISCO, Dec. 2S-5 p. m.
Weather Report.
"IlaiEin* are very dull. Prices realized at
yc-stcrday'e auction sale of California Sul
tanas and seedless Muscatel* were very low,
but the bulk of the e^xxSs were bought for a
local house, which, it is understood, will hold
them up to the present market. Date* are
<julet- A email quantity of Khadrawi and Salr,
arrived i>er llinnehaha. sold at auction lew,
but as the troods were water damaged this
sale can scarcely be paid to have any sig
nificance. Fancy apriects are rather firm, with
»ome epecu!at.lve inquiry for peache* and apri
cots at low figures. Evaporated apples are
easier, and apparently tihort Interest* are now
well covered. j
"Nuts meet wfth fair demand in a email
jobbing way from the local trade. Pecans are
firm on spot and firmer from shipping point.
Pecan :: ¦ a'.f fere easier, arrivals being more
plentiful."
Mail advices from New York eay: "Con
dition* in this market are quiet and practically
unchanged. The*™ le <iuite a good Inquiry from
cleaners fcr currants, but only good goeds
are wanted. Poor fruit it easy, but sound is
held firm at lOGlOHc.
Dried Fruits in New York.
Import* of staple crooerles at tM* port dur-
Iiir the first eleven months cf the year are as
follows, compared with the same time last
Ktr: Eupar, 1CO,07C,000 lbs, valued at $6,302,000,
"apainst 23t.390.tO0 lt>s. at J1L516.900 (this ln
oiu<Jes Imports for six months only from the
Hawaiian Is-lands this year): coffee. 22.533.700
It*, valued at J2.3&0.OCO. cgainst 23. £7». 300 tb*
at t2,oC7,Cw; tea. 14,ClS,&<rJ lbs. at Sl.SfJ.SCO.
j.. .::.¦; i;.:C7.f.tJ Tts at ?1.33UW:'C': rice. 23.C1S.
4'v tbs. at .' •.-.(". ', ugainFt 47.4S4.70O r.» at
«y2l,400.
Imports of Groceries.
IrsporM of specie tx this port during th*
first eleven months of the year were 125.273.700,
ej-sinst ilC.72C.700 during the came time last
year, the leading descriptions being as follows:
Gold bullion. J27a,SSS; sold coin, $22.K42.S7S; sil
ver bullion. J2,CS».7i": F'.lver coin. JGJ2.CS0. The
loading source* were ok follows: Mexico, $2,
i'.Z.CSZ; Australia. FXSk£2S.«39; Japan. *6,231.£30-
Imports of Specie.
Further Illustration has been given this week
regarding the . force . of the bullish Influence*
which at present 1 govern the movement of
values in Wall street. Another good* bank
statement tended to negative fears that there
might be a check to the progress of the market
on account of high - rate* for money, a caube
which has checked so many promising move
ments in recent years. . In fact, though the
preparations for the largest January Interest
and dividend disbursements in the . history of
the country have been In full progress, the ar
rangements have been . so skillfully conducted
that, despite the sustained activity of the deal
ing in • securities, the expansion of speculation
and the notable rise In prices, supplies of calf
money have not failed - and Interest 1 rates, have
not advanced* to figures which would give oc
casion for timidity or, induce liquidation. ' The
street, in fact, not unnaturally,. concludes that
interests which are concerned in the develop
ment* regarding various properties In the stock
market are also using their Influence to • keep
money in such a condition that.no pressure. or
disturbance : can arise from . that • source. : If
this Is the case they have been eminently suc-
NEW TORK, Dec 28.— Bradstreef s Financial
Review to-morrow will say:
Canadian Paxiflo .................. »^. Sl*C •
4,000 Canada Southern 67%
12,000 Chebipetke & Ohio 41$
S4.&00 Chicago Great Western — .... I7&
46,100 Chicago Burlington & Quincy 142U
l.:-«J Chicago Ind & Louisville tl>h%
1,000 Chicago Ind & Louisville prefd 61ft '¦
Km) Chicago & Eastern Illinois 83>4 :
E.10O Chicago & Northwestern lTO^i I ;
£«.:¦-.' Chicago Rock Island & Pacific 120VL
4.2"0 C C C & St Louis 72
L,2.0 Colorado Southern 7*4
too Colorado Southern 1st prefd 42',i ;
2C0 Colorado Southern 2d prefd 17 | :
SI. 100 D^aware & Hudson 128% j '
1.200 Delaware Lack & Western..... 1&0 : !
lC.etiQ Denver & Hio Grande 32% I
4.200 Denver & Rio Grande prefd ECVfc '
2S.10Q Erie 24 |
22,4uO Erie 1st prefd 6&V4 |
Great Northern prefd 1S7H i
2.500 Hocking Coal ., 16^ !
1.000 Hocking Valley 42 ]
6,000 Illinois Central lit'% i
1,600 Iowa Central £3** '
1.0u0 Iowa Central prefd 4i>',
100 Lak» Erie A Western 45V» :
Lake Erie & Western prefd 113 j
Lake Shore 240 I
3S.400 Louisville & Nashville 8ST4 I
llf.SCO Manhattan L U4^i
6.9C0 Metropolitan Stre«t Railway 170*4
14,600 Mexican Central 16>4 I
C.IM Minneapolis & St Louis 21
300 Minneapolis & St Louis prefd 103*4
41,800 Missouri Pacific 71*» j
L700 Mobile & Ohio 45>i
LBOO Missouri Kansas & Texas lf> 7 « i
iS,£-< Missouri Kanhtts & Texas prefd 45%
100 New Jersey Central 145 1 * j
U.£<fO New York Central 143»i !
14.50C Norfolk & Western H% \
100 Norfolk & Western prefd 82Vs i
21,600 Northern Pacific 82% !
4.SO0 Northern Pacific prefd S6T4 ;
SS.SCO Ontario & Western 41
Oregon Railway & Nav 42
Oregon Hallway & Nav prefd 76
67,?00 Pennsylvania 146
3.S0O Reading 24v«
S9.1O0 Heading l*t prefd 70»4 1
12,609 Reading 2<i prefd 275i
Rio Grande Western 65
Rio Grande Western prefd 96
1,000 St Louis & San Fran 22
St Louis & San Fran 1st prefd 764
LO00 St Louis & San Fran 2d prefd Bl«4
1.500 St Louia Southwestern 17*4
6,200 St Louis Southwestern prefd 43*^ I
100.700 St Paul 143>4
1.000 St Paul prefd 1S5
tOO St Paul & Omaha 125
70,500 Southern Pacific 43H
12.000 Southern Railway 21T*
S.500 Southern Hallway prefd 72'4
E1.S00 Texas & Pacific 26*4
71.S00 Union Pacific 77%
6.000 t'nion Pacific prefd 8374
C.100 Wabach 12% |
2.100 \Vabash prefd 26'i
I.20S Wheeling & Lake Erie 12*4 I
2,400 Wheeling & Lake Erie prefd 23\ I
l,0f« Wisconsin Central 17^4
LOW Third Avenue 11?
4,100 Baltimore & Ohio prefd Sa%
10,300 National Tube 67
S00 National Tube prefd 106
Exprf-es companies— j
Adams 150 I
100 American -. 186
200 United States &2
Wells-Fargo 140
Miscellaneous—
£00 American Cotton Oil 81
American Cotton Oil prefd 90
100 American Malting S
100 American Malting prefd 26V4
4,200 American Smelting & Refln 63%
1.200 American Smelting & Refln prefd.. &6%
American Spirits 2
American Fpirlts prefd 17
4,200 American Pteel Hoop 32
2.CO0 American Steel Hoop prefd 77%
76,C00 American Bteel & Wire 45Vi
6,000 American Steel & Wire prefd 87J4
18.100 American Tin Plate 663-*
100 American Tin Plate prefd » 91*>j
31.000 American Tobacco 112?»
American Tobacco prefd 135
8,000 Anaccnda Mining Co 48V4
81, C00 Brooklyn Rapid Transit 35
7,500 Colorado Fuel & Iron 55*4
7.K00 Continental Tobacco 39
9.100 Continental Tobaoco prefd 93'4
12.000 Federal Bteel £6*4
SI, £00 Federal Steel prefd 71*^
3.100 General Electric lfl^i
100 Glucose Sugar oO
•3,800 Glucose Bugar prefd 95
430 International Paper 25
1.600 International Paper prefd 73%
100 Laclede Gas 74
600 National Biscuit S7V4
100 National Biscuit prefd 91
too National Lead 19%
National Lead prefd 92
14,800 National Bteel 41%
200 National Steel prefd 92
800 New York Air Brake 156
2S.200 North American 21
Paoific Coast 644
Pacific Coast 1st prefd...... £9
Pacific Coast 2d prefd 66
tOO Pacific Mall 42
29.S00 People's Gas 104
1,200 Pressed Pteel Car 60»4
400 Pressed Steel Car prefd 82i4
300 Pullman Palace Car 200H
Standard Rope & Twine b%
80,200 Sugar 140%
200 Bugar prefd 116
Jl.FOO Tennessee Coal & Iron 64
£2.900 United States Leather 14H
8.800 United States Leather prefd 77
8.000 United States Rubber „ 26%
600 i;nited States Rubber prefd 76
8,200 Western Union 83>,4
1,100 Republican Iron & Steel 16*4
400 Republic Iron & Steel prefd 64
P C C & St Louis 66
12,200 Amalgamated Copper 83<4
L466.900 Shares sold. ;.•../¦,
CLOSING BONDS.
17 8 ref 2s reg 106% N Y Cent lsts 1WH
Do coup 107% N J Cent gen 6S...129V4
Do 8s reg llUi Northern Pac 3s... 71V4
Do Ss coup 111% Do 4s 106*4
t»o new 4* n%.. .158*4 N Y C fc St L 4s. .108
Do new 4s coup..l8SV4 N & W con 4s..... 100
Do old 4* reg 116% Or Nav lets HOtf
Do old 4s coup...H7%| Do 4s 103V4
' Do 6* ree 114% j Or Short Un* «»..12»
Do 6* coup ..114% Do con 6* 117
Dls of Col 3.65s 125 Heading Gen 4s.... 94%
Atchison gen 4s. ...103 R G W lsts 101
Do adj 4s 88 fit L i I M con 6s. 114
Canada Sou 2ds....lO9 S L & B F Gen 6s. 129*4
Che* & Ohio 4' /B B... 104*4 St Paul con 185%
Do E* 190*6 Bt P C 4 P lsts.. .120%
C t N oon 7s 129 Do (s 1I2H
Do B F Deb 6a...l2) Southern Pac 4s... 83*4
Chic Term 4s 94% Southern Ry Es 114%
Colorado Ecu 4*.... 84%, Stand R St T 6*.... 70
D & R G 4s lOZAilTex & Pac 1st*.. ..114%
Erie Gen 4s fe~V Do 2de.... 90
F W & D C lsts... E^jTJnlon Pao 4s 107%
General EHec 6s. ...1U Wabach 1st* 117%
Iowa Cent 1st* 116 Do 2ds...- 108*4
L &. N Un! 4s 102 West Shore 4* 116%
I.T K & T 2ds.. 77 Wis Cent lsts S9%
Do 4s 97 Va Centuries 96
MINING STOCKS.
Adams Cton' tOjLHtle.Chlef.... ...... 13
Alice j..... 40 Ontario ..". 6 75
Breeoe 2 OOjOphlr .....'... '¦ CO
Brunswick Con 18 Phoenix 10
Comstock Tunnel... 04|Poto«i U
Con Cal & Va 1 45(Eav«se 12
I>adwood Terra .. MiBierra Nevada. 20
Horn Silver 1 l"SmalI Hopes 60
Iron Silver 66 Standard I CO
LeadvMle Con 05!
BOSTON STOCKS AND BONDS.
Money — . • 1 Union Pac 77%
Call loans 4%<$5*4 Union Land ....... 8
Time loans 4G«*4!West End 91
Stocks— Bond*—*
Atch Tcp ASF.. 46% Atchlron 4s 101%
Do prefd kS - N K G & Coke 5s.. 69*4
Amer Sugar 141*4 - Mining Share* —
Do prefd 116*4 Adventure 10>4
Bell Tele ;....lffi%| Allouer Mng Co... 3%
Boston & Albany..253 Amal Copper 93%
Boston Elevated ..159 Atlantic ...." ;.272 .
• Chi Bur & Q 142% Boston & Wont 325
Dominion CoaJ 41 Calumet & Hecla..S30 -
t Do prefd 108% Centennial i4
Federal Steel 66% Franklin 15»i
D-» prefd TV* Humboldt ...60
r Fltchburg pretd 1»8 Oeceola .....76-
General Eleo 195 Parrot 50«,
, Ed Elec III 217 Quincy .172
, Mexican Cent 16 ?> Santa Fe Copr*!r.. <',»
, K E Ou & Cok».. 13H Tamarack ...*«
NEW TORIC, Dec M.— Th« following tabl«,
complied by Braastreet, showg the bank clear
ings at all principal cities for the week ended
December 27. with the percentage of Increase
and decrease, a* compared with the correspond
ing week last year;
Dun's Review of Trade.
Receipts of Produce.
TOR FRIDAY. DECEMBER 28.
Flour, qr ska 19,33ft Sugar, ctls 250
Wheat, ctls 73.60? QuickslrveT. flak* (O
Barley, ctls 4.941 Leather, roll* S3
Oats, ctls 2O» 'Wine, gals S4.30O
Beans, sks 713 ; Erandr. gala...^. 8.000
Potatoes, Fks..... 4/"J Raisins, bxs...... 750
Onions, sks 12?; Pelts. Mis -. 15S
Bran, sks 9«» Hides, No J."O
Middlings, sks.... 377, Uim. bbl*.. 133
Hay. tons 29ft Tallow. CT7»...... - .»
Wool, bales.. ...» V*
OREGON.
Potatoes, sks 60 : Wool. *~i~ , ... S
BEEF" — 7©8c for Steer* and «-®7c per lb for
Cows.
VEAL— Large, 8$9c: small. 3-JTlOo per n>.
MUTTON— Wethers. 9@9&c; Ewes. 8&$9c p«T
lb.
LAMB— lOtflOHo per lb.
I-OKK — Live Itoga. ZPic for *maH and 5He tor
medium and 5 L 4©5%c for large; stock Hogs and
feeders, 5@5^c; dressed Hogs. 7%3S^c
San Francisco Meat Market.
COAL — Wellington. $9 per ton; Soutfifleld
Wellington, $3; Seattle, J7: Bryant, $7: Coo»
Bay, $3 JO; Wallsend. *J; Co-operativ» wails
end, $3: Cumberland. *13 In bulk and $23 25 la
sacks: Pennsylvania Anthracite Egg. $14: Can
nel. $10 per ton: Coke, *1S per ton in bulk and,
$13 in sacks: Rocky Mountain descriptions. $8 45
per 20C0 lbs and S3 SO per ton. aocardlox ta
brand.
SUGAR— The Western Sugar Refining Com
pany quote*, per lb. In 10O-lb bags:
Crushed. 6.15c; Powdered. 5.75c: Candy Gran
ulated. 5.73o: Dry Granulated. S.65c; Confec
tioners' A. 6.C5c; Magnolia A. 6.25c; Extra C»
5.15c; Golden C, 5.05c; barrels. 10c more; half
barrels. 2ic more: boxes. 50c more: 60-lb bags.
10c more. No orders taken for le*s than 75
barrels or Its equivalent. Domlnoe*. half-bar
rels. C.40o; boxes. 6.60c p«r lb.
Grain Bagrs. Jun» and July, 6S0: Wool Baca»
2$iiS32iac: Fleeo* Twine, 7Hc; Fruit Bag*.
B'.afcii'iO for white and 8USa%o for bleached
Jute.
WHEAT— Firm; No. 1 California, 6s Sd; No.
2 red Western winter, 5s 11 %d; No. 1 Northern
spring, 6s 2?id. •
*- ' *
LIVERPOOL, Dec. 28.— Whea{, firm; No. 1
Standard California, Gs 2Hd.fjp6s 3d; wheat In
Paris, steady; flour In Piris. quiet; French
country markets, easy. ' . ™ •
COTTON— Uplands, 5 15-32d.
CLOSING.
LONDON, Dec. 28.— Consols. 97%; Silver,
29'id; wheat cargoes on passage, quiet and
pteady; No. 1 Standard California, 203; Walla
Walla, 28s 9d; English country markets, quiet
but steady. . '
Foreign Markets.
TACOMA, Dec. 2S.— Wheat, quiet and without
change in price; Bluestem, 56&c; Club, 53>£c
Cleared-Brltish bark Blairhoyle, with 68.622
bushels of wheat; German bark Alsterufer.
with 150.814 bushels of wheat: German shlD
Witkommen, with 93.7S9 bushels of wheat, all
for Queenstown; British steamer Ching Wo,
for St. Vincent, with 176.97S bushels of wheat.
PORTLAND, Dec. 28.— As high as Be vai
paid for Walla Walla, although the ruling quo
tations were about 54@54%c. A premium of 3c
over these figures "was bid for choice Bluestem.
OREGON,
Northern Wheat Market.
PORTLAND. Or., Dec 28.— Clearings, 1424,
021; balances, *H7,937".
Portland's Business.
SHEEP— Receipts, 8000. Sheep and lambs,
mostly 10^15c lower. Good to choice wethers,
$3 75@4 50; fair to choice mixed. $8 40«?3 75:
Western sheep. $3 7E«5'4 50; Texas sheep, $2 50®
3 50; native lambs, $4 25C5 60; Western lambs.
$5t5 50.
HOGS— Receipts to-day, 27.000; to-morrow,
19,000; left over, 6000; average, 6@10c higher;
top, $4 90. Mixed and butchers', $4 60@4 90;
good to choice heavy, $4 70<g>4 90; rough heavy,
$4 55«T4 65; light, $4 60@4 80; bulk of sales, $4 75
04 85.
CHICAGO. Dec 28.— CATTLE— Receipts. SSOO;
generally steady. Good to prime steers, $3 26@
6; poor to medium, $3 95®5 15; selected feed
ers, slow, $3 75@1 35; nilxed stockere, weak,
$2 5C6-3 7E; cows, $2 50<3>4 20; heifers, $2 60@4 40;
canners', $1 76@2 70; bulls. $2 50@4 50; calves,
steady, *4f?5 20; Texas eteers, $4 S0ig4 95; gr«!.»s
steers.. $3 S0@4 40; bulls, $2 60@3 55.
Chicago Livestock Market.
NEW YORK. Dec 28. — On the opening the
market was quiet, with prices 1 to 4 points
lower, under light room and some foreign sell
ing. Soon after the call near months' shorts
took fright on rumors that January was to be
f«.rced considerably higher. Prices readily
responded to the Change in feeling, and as
Liverpool quickly' rallied to conform with our
firmness a substantial net rise was soon re
corded. January climbed to 962 and Decem
ber was also much firmer. The close was
quiet, with prices 4 points lower to 8 points
higher. •
New York Cotton Market.
NETW YORK, Dec. £8. — Business ¦was gen
erally of a i hand-to-mouth character In the
ra«tal trade to-day. Speculation was conspicu
ous by its absence and the market was devoid
of Important new developments. Tin waa about
CO point* lower to-day, following a less of 10*
for that metal In London to £122 12s and on
liberal arrivals. The close here, however, was
steady, on the basis of $26 90®27 20, owing to
a lack of sailers. Copper In London was fairly
active, 2* 6d lower, at £72 15s. The local *lt
uatlon, however, remains In a somewhat nom
inal condition. Prices were quoted at $17 for
Lake Superior and $1C 62% for casting, with
more sellers than buyers. Lead was dull, but
steady, on the basis of $4 37%, while prices
abroad went off Is 3d to £16 3s 9d. Spelter
wan nominally quoted at $4 12*45/4 17H- At
London • prices were unchanged. Domestic iron
markets ruled dull at unchanged prices. Pig
iron warrants were quoted at $9 60@10 60:
Northern foundry, $15?D1G B0: Southern foundry,
S14 50015 75, and Southern soft. $13013 75.
English iron markets unchanged.
LIVERPOOL.
Wheat— Feb. Mar. May.
Opening .._„„. ...... fi H . ¦ 6 V4 ••••
Closing 6 H «
PARIS.
Wheat— n/^ . Dec. Mar.-Jun«.
Opening .............. .;..Y...... 19 45 20 55
Closing '. l» 45 JO 65
Flour-
Opening ...... M 2S 40 26 50
Closing 25 40 26 50
New York Metal Market.
LONDON. Dec. 23.— A-tefaiBon. 4$U; Canadian
Pacific, 84H; Union Pacific preferred, 85%;
Northern Pacific preferred, 89%; Grand Trunk.
VA; Anaconda, 10$: bar silver steady, 29%d per
ounce; money, 8&04H per cent.
London Market.
NKW YORK, Dec. 2S.-^Ioney on call, flrro,
at Z@t per cant; last loan. 3 per cent; ruling
rate. 6% per cent; prime mercantile paper, 1%
©5% per cent. Sterling exchange, firm, wltn
actual business In bankers' bills at $4 85 for
demand and U Sl%@i 81H for- 60 days; posted
rates, tl 82®4 86; commercial bills, $4 E0%@4 8L
SI Ivor certificate*. 64H©65Hc; bar silver. 63%c;
Mexican dollars. 60c. Bonds — Government,
strong; State, inactive; railroad, strong.
Nezv York Money Market.
Old Colony »S Utah Mining 84%
Old Dominion 32 Winona 5
Rubber JS Wolverine* 46?i
Silver lower. Sterling Exchange firmer.
Wheat futures ratJter firmer. Barley in fair demand and firm.
Oats firm and Rye iveak. Corn very dulL
Hay and Feedstuff s unchanged.
White Beans continue to advance. Colored quiet.
Onions higher. Potatoes weak. Vegetables rather easier.
No change in Butter, C1u?e$e and Eggs.
Poultry in very fair demand at steady prices. Game ditto.
Orariges and Lemons in good supply and weak Limes still firm.
Prunes and other Dried Fruits very dulL
Provisions as previously quoted.
Wool, Hops and Hides quiet and unchanged.
Nothing nezv in the Meat market.
Increased imports of specif.
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
Articles — Receipts. Shipment*.
Flour, barrels 66,000 64.000
Wheat, bushels 212.000 430,000
Corn, bushels 615.000 72.000
Oats, bushels 402,000 165.000
Rye. bushels 9.000 ¦¦'. 2.000
Barley, bushel* 60.000 25.000
On the Produca Exchange to-day th« butter
market was dull; creamery.^5®23c: dairy, 12®
20o. Cheese, dull. 10Vi@U»ic. Eggs, fairly
active; fresh. 21e. • '
COMMERCIAL AND FINANCIAL NEWS
General Merchandise.
BAGS— San Quentln Bags. $5 65; Calcutti
Hides, Talloiv, Wool and Hops.
Prevlou* quotations rule for all descriptions
HIDES AND SKINS-Culls and brands stli
about lc under quotations. Heavy Salted
Steers. 10c; medium. 8c; light. Stjc; Cow
hides, Sc for heavy and 8Hc for light" -Sta?«
6V4c; Salted Kip. 9V4c; Salted Veal. 9Hc; gStS
Calf. 10c; Dry Hides, l%c; culls. 13%c- Dry
Kip. 15c; Dry Calf. 16c; culls and brand?
14c; Sheeoskins. shearlings. 20©30o each
short W00K, S0«50c each; medium. «0®75o :
long Wool. <i>ct&Jl each; Horse Hides, salt I> in
©2 75 for large and $2 25 for medium. II 25 for
small and 6O0 for colts; Horse Hides, dry 11 °-
for large. $1 60 for medium. $l 25 for smail and
tCc for colts. Deerskin*— Summer or red sk-nkT
35c: fall or medium skins. 30c; winter or thin
skins. 20c. Goatskins — Prime Angoras 7ic"
larse and smooth. 60c; medium. Xc '
2 .^c^rea-se: O 2j2^ ndC^' <8^ C »» *<>•
WOOL— Spring clip Is quotable as follows-
Northern, free. 15@16c: Northern, defective i'
@14c; Middle County, free. 15®16c- Mlddl*
, County, .detective. 12@14c; Southern Mountain^
12 months'. 9«10c: Southern Mountain free 7
months'. ll@12c: Southern Mountain <W#4tiv«»
7 months', 9i$llc: Humboldt and Mendocino'
l«#17c; Nevada, 13616c per lb.
Fall Clip— San Joaquln, 6Vi«Se; do lamb* *
©9c: Middle County. 9©10c; Northern Mountain
free, 10@llc; Southern Mounuin
Humboldt and Mendocino, ll@i; c per U? *
HOPS— 12@16c »er lb. ¦ w •"•
The market shows no change whaterer.
CURED MEATS— Bacon. ll@imc per lb for
heavy. ll%@12c for light medium. 12i4@l3c for
light. 13H©Uc f<> r e *tra light and 15®i;^4c for
sugar-cured: Eastern tratrar-cured Hams HUira
12c; Mess Beef. $12 50 per barrel; extra" Mesi
J13; Family. $14; extra Prime Pork. $16- ext-a
clear. *1» 60; Mesa. $17; Smoked Beef, al p.*
pound.
LARD-Tierces quoted at 6%e p*r lb for com
pound and 9\ic for pure; half-barrels pure
»Vic; 10-lb tins. 10o;-5-lb tins, lOUt '
COTTOLENE— One-half barrel. 8Uc- three
half-barrels. So; one tierce. 7%o; two tierces.
7%c; five tierces. 1%c per lb.
Provisions.
The depression In Prunes, about which so
much is being said, 1* due, according to local
dealers, to the great abundance of all fruits
this year, not only in the United States, but
elsewhere. For instance, there Is a very heavy
Apple crop. Then there is an abundant supply
of Oranges, and Bananas are extremely plenti
ful. The abundance of these fruit* cuts down
the demand for Prunes, but dealers think that
the Inquiry will improve soon after the turn of
the year.
FRUITS — Prunes, Santa Claras. 4 sizes. 3c;
40-50S, 7c; B0-60s, 6**c; 6O-70». S%c; 7O-8Os. 8%c;
SO-SOs, 2*»c; 90-100?, 2Vc; 100* and over, 2c; ru
bies. Vic premium; Sonomas, He and San Jca
quir.s, 'ic less than Santa Claras, except 100s
and over, which stand the came. Apricots. 6(3
80 for Royals and 10iffl0^4o for Moot-parks;
Evaporated Apples, ES^c; sun-dried, 3H®<Hc;
Peaches, 455c for standard, E@€c for choice
and 6%S-7c for fancy; Pears, 2©7c; Pluma.
pitted, 53<JM..c; unpltted. l@l%c; Nectarine*. 59
BV4c for red and 6H<8«c for white.
RAISINS— The Raisin Growers' Association
has established the following prices for the
season of 1900: Bleached Thompson's fancy. 12c
per lb; choice, lie: standard. t\c: prime, 8c;
unbleached Thompson"*. Sc per lb. Sultanas —
Fancy. lOVic per lb; choice. 9Hc: standard. 8%c;
prime, 8c; unbleached Sultanas, 8c; Seedless,
60-lb boxes, 6%c; 4-crown. 7c; London Layers,
2-crown, 11 60 per box; 3-crown, $1 60; Fancy
Clusters, $2; Dehesa, $2 50; Imperial. $3. All
prices f, .0. b. at' common shipping points In
California.
NUTS— Chestnuts. 7%®9c per lb for Italian*
Walnuts. No. 1 softshell, lie; No. 2, So: No. 1
hardshell. 10c; No. 2. 714c; Almonds, 12@13c for
pap*rHhelI. 9(ffllc for softshell; Peanute 6ff6c
for Eastern: Brazil Nuts, 13c; Filberts, 13c* Pe
cans, lli!?>13c: Cocoanuts, $3 60@5.
HONEY— Comb, 13H<S>14%c for bright and J2%4
@13c for light amber; water white, extracted
7%4fSc; light amber, extracted, 6H@7c; dark.
6^6»4c per lb.
BEESWAX— C4326C per lb.
Two cars of Oranges were auctioned as fol
lows: Fancy Navels, $1 25@2 15; choice do,
$1 30-31 63; standard. 73© 90c: choice seedlings.
60c£j$l.
Oranges and Lemons continue In liberal sup
ply and quiet, while Limes are In light stock
and firm. There Is nothing new in the other
fruits.
DECIDUOUS FRUITS— -»_
APPLES — C0<g60c per box for common and 65c
$tl 25 for good to choice; Spltzenbergs, J1S1 75;
Orepon Spitzenbergs, $1@1 25; Lady Apples,
$1 7;@3 per box.
PEARS— 25c(?i Jl 50 per box.
CRANBERRIES — Jerseys, Jl*: Wisconsin*,
$13 EC; Cape Cod, $14 per barrel; Coos Bay, S2 'M
@2 75 per box. s
CITRUS FRUITS — Navel Oranges. |1@2 25;
Seedlings. 75c@$l oO; Tangerines, $1@1 2S; Man
darins. $lfrl 25; Lemons. 25c®$l 25 for common
and $1 50^)2 25 for good to choice; Grape Fruit,
75c@$l 50; Mexican Limes, $4 S'>«5; California
Limes, 25® 35c; Bananas, Jl§2 per bunch; Pine
apples, J1Q2 per dozen.
Dried Fruits, Nuts and Raisins.
Deciduous and Citrus Fruits.
Storage — California fancy, 25c: standard. ;
Eastern fancy. 25c; standard. ; seconds.
CHEESE— Fancy, full cream, 18c; choice, lie;
common, nominal; Young Americas, 13%c;
Eastern, full cream, I3@l6',^c per lb.
EGGS—
California ranch — Selected white. 32%c; mixed
colors. 3Cc per dozen.
California Gathered — Fancy, SSc; standard,
; seconds. .
Fresh Eastern— Fancy, ; standard. flftc;
seconds. .
Keg — 2Cc per lb,
Creamery — Extras, 26c; firsts. 23c; seconds.
Dairy — Extras, 23c; first*, 20c; seconds, ISc;
store, 15c. -
Storage— Creamery extras, 22*4c; flrsti. He;
seconds. 20c; dairy extras, -¦ — .
Pickle— 20c per lb.
BUTTER—
Receipts as reported by the Dairy Exchange
were 31.800 lbs Butter, E25 cases California
Eggs. cases Eastern Eggs, 4925 lbs Cali
fornia Cheese and lbs Eastern Cheese.
There was no change In prices on the Dairy
Exchange.
Stocks of Butter are ample and Increasing,
and even extra Creamery Is In better supply.
Dealers report a dragging market, especially
for the medium and lower grades. Supplies
of Cheese are moderate.
Eggs are In light supply and steady, with
a fair demand.
Butter, CJteese and Eggs.
Arrivals of local Dreasad Turkeys were SI
cases, and brought good prices. A car cams In
from th« East and was readily sold. A car of
Eastern live Poultry also cam* in. Local Pool
try aold off well at steady prices as a rule.
Receipts of game ware 7S ska. and price*
were steady.
POULTRY— Live Turkeys, 12©ttc for Gob
blers and 131?llc for Hens; Dressed Turkeys.
lO.glSc; Geese, per pair. $1 7302; Gosling*. $1 73
@2: Ducks. $?.rn for old and $4 51.4:, 50 for
young; Hens. $3 50@5; Young Roosters $4 £0-5.3;
Old Roosters. $3 C0W4 £0; Fryers. $4:JjH 60; Broil
ers, $4@4 50 for large and $3 5003 75 for small;
Pigeons, $1 per dozen for old and $2®2 23 for
GAME— Quail. $12501 BO; Mallard. J3®3 SO;
Canvasback. JC3*; Sprig, J2 50; Teal, $150;
Widgeon, fl Kill 60; Small Duck. US1 25;
Black Jack, $1 25; Gray Geese. $3; White Geese,
$1iQ1 23; Brant, Jl SO for small and $3 for large;
Honkers. S3@4 uO; English Snipe. $1 76: Jack
Snipe. $1 25: Hare. Sl'^1 25; Rabbits, $1 23fil 50
for Cottontail and Jl for Brush; Doves, 65o
per dozen.
Poultry and Game.
linas and 60®9Oc for Oregon; Sweets. B0<3«0c
for Rivers and 85i390c for Merced.
ONIONS— $1 £5@2 06 per ctl; Cut Onions, Jl
01 25 per ctl.
VEGETABLES — Green Peasf 6@8c per 1b;
String Beans. 891215c; Cabbage. 90e; Tomatoes.
Loo Angeles. $1 50 ©2 25 per crate; Egg Plant.
Loe Angeles, 12*4@15c per lb; Green Peppers,
Los Angeles, S®8c per lb; Dried Peppers. 9@llo;
Dried Okra. 10@15c per lb; Carrots, 25®33c per
box; Hothouse Cucumber*. $1 50 per dozen;
Bummer Squash. $1 50 per box: Garlic. 4Jf3c
per lb; Marrowfat Squash. $8812 jxr ton;
Mushrooms, nominal.
POTATOES— River Reds. 70@85c: Burbenlcs.
85@45c for River and 90c@$l 15 per ctl for Sa-
Onions are very strong 1 and sales of choice
Oregon* up to $3 15 are reported. The general
prices are given below. Potatoes are weak,
and several descriptions show a slight decline.
Southern Vegetables keep up well, though
prices show an easier tendency.
"White Beana continue to rise, belns scarce
and In demand, but colored descriptions arc
quiet and unchanged.
BEANS— Bayos, $2 B0®2 78: Small White.
*4 E0<3-» 65: Large White. J3 6503 80: Pink. *2 10
@2 15; Red, f2 1Z3T3: Blackeye, $3; Llmas. *5 IO<9
5 63; Pea, $4 25®4 50; Red Kidney. 13 7504 per
ctl.
SEEDS— Brown Mustard, nominal; Yellow
Mustard, nominal; Flax. $2 5O©2 75; Canary.
3Hc per 1b for California and 4c for Eastern:
Alfalfa. 7%©9Vic; Rape. 2*A®3c; Hemp, 4@4*?c;
Timothy. 4@4Vic
DRIED PEAS— Nlles, $2@2 60; Green, $3 70
63 per ctl; Blackeye. nominal.
Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables.
Beans and Seeds.
blng, $28 B0: Cocoanut Cake. Witlt: Corn
Meal. J26«J2« BO; Cracked Corn. 826 60©27.
Mixed Feed, 115016.
HAT — Volunteer, $508; Wheat J11013 W;
Wheat and Oat. $10012 50; Oat. J*»12: Clover,
nominal; Alfalfa. $J®» 50; Barley. $7 60«9 60
per ton.
STRAW— 35©47*io per bale.
It Is not a bad sign that the local Jobbing
trade in footwear is quiet, nor that orders re
ceived by manufacturers from salesmen are
small, as most travelers returned home for the
holidays. Hence, -new contracts are not large,
but factories are running at full capacity and
in many cases refuse to duplicate orders at pre
vious prices. Wool lost the temporary increase
in activity, sales agrsrejjating only 4.57G.700
pounds, a decrease of 2,661,300 compared with
the preceding week.
Stocks at the close of the year are excessive,
although dealers are encouraged by the knowl
edge that manufacturers' supplies are light.
More talk of a general reduction In coke and
cheaper ore after navigation opens might be
calculated to unsettle quotations of the finished
products, but iron and steel continue the even
tenor of their way. In every department of
this industry more business is offered than can
be accepted, unless purchasers are willing to
give much time for delivery. One lang-e rorelgn
contract was lost on this account, and at many
points domestic operations are delayed by in
ability to secure material. Instead of the agi
tation for cheaper steel raiU that was so
prevalent a short time ago, producers are
said to contemplate an advance. Domestic
contracts In this line exceeded 50,000 tons at
Chicago, and amonx foreign orders Is noticed
one for 17,000 tons from Australia, with many
smaller sales. Structural material is wanted
for buildings and bridges, with noticeable ac
tivity in this department for export.
Such general preparation had been made by
Eastern Interests for a squeeze In money near
the end of the year that the expected advance
did not occur and collections in the .interior
were bo good that banks made general com
plaint of the scarcity of mercantile paper of
fered for discount. This outcome was par
ticularly encouraging, though business will
need more money after January 1. Meanwhile
a Rood undertone has been continually in evi
dence, founded _upon the active distribution of
merchandise South and West, sellers assuming
an Indifferent attitude, except in cotton goods
and some branches of silk, where the general
improvement has been reflected to a compara
tively small decree. In both cotton and silk
circles better things are expected In January,
and in no direction has a reduction of work
ing forces in mills occurred. Some wage dif
ferences have been adjusted. In this respect
the situation is unusually bright.
NEW YORK. Dec. SS.~- R. O. Dun * Co.'*
Review of Trade to-morrow will say:
"White It U not yet possible to print accurate
figures of failures during the full year U 1900.
a preliminary statement may be made that will
approximate the final result. Detailed returns
for all but the last few days of the year have
been compiled, and adding a proportionate
amount for the time still to elapse, It appears
that commercial failures will number about
10,630, with liabilities of J137.0O0.O0O. Of this
number 230O were in manufacturing for 149,
760,000, 7800 In trading for $60,000,000 and 630
brokers, transporters, etc., not properly be
longing to either of the other classes, for J27,
250,000. Besides these strictly commercial de
faults there were sixty financial concerns with
liabilities of $34,000,000, swelling . the total to
10.690 in. number and J17O.O0O.00O In amount.
This shows a large Increase over the preceding
year, when. all failures numbered 9393 and lia
bilities wore $123,132,678. It must not be for
gotten, however, that 1S93 was a year of ex
ceptional prosperity, and while trade was then
stimulated by rising prices, the succeeding
year had to bear the brunt of reaction. Despite
these disasters, made unavoidable by the very
conditions that broupht such a phenomenal
record for lSi»9. it still will be found that 1900
compares favorably with other recent years.
The week In many, respects has been one cf
the most remarkable ones ¦ since the "boom"
which started Immediately' after the election]
began its course. Last Saturday, although the
Stock Exchange was to be closed on Monday,
as well as on Tuesday, Christmas day, prices
advanced throughout ¦ the list and the volume
of transaction surpassed all. records for a half
holiday, ¦ sales of 1,000.000 shares being officially
recorded, and the real total was of course con
siderably larger. On Monday, however, the
London market was open, and great activity
and strength developed in Americans there.
The buying of our stocks was supposed to ema
nate largely from New York, but It was sup
plemented by covering: by the foreign bears and
purchases by the European public. Even on
Christmas day there was a further exchange
of bullish opinions In all the uptown resorts
of brokers and their customers, and some trans
actions were reported to have been made at
advanced quotations in Sugar, St. Paul and
other favorite stocks. In spite of the fact that
support and manipulation by Inside Interests
and pools la apparent in the movements of
many stocks. It Is also evident that the public
Is In the market. The buying by commission
houses, in fact, has been on an enormous scale.
Moreover, It is the general testimony that the
amount of stocks purchased for Investment and
taken out of the street is exceedingly large,
this tendency being Illustrated by the compara
tive scarcity of many high-grade dividend-pay
ing stocks and the ease with which they ad
vance on moderate buying.
In the bond market also the lack of offerings
of gilt edge securities has transferred the de
mand to new or second grade railroad mort
gages, some of which show substantial ad
vances.
eewjful, . as call money has ' not been quoted
above 6 per cent and . stock market borrowers
have had no difficulty In obtaining ample ac
commodation. -.-.¦¦¦ ¦ .-¦ • \
2 red. 72®74%c: No. 2 corn, 36*£c; No.'J yellow,
35*£c; No. 2 oats. 22%"3S23*4c; No. 2 white, ?5*4©
26c; No. 8 white, 25®26c; No. 2 rye, 60<351c ;
.fair to choice malting barley. 52S60c; No. 1
ft&xseed, $1 63@1 56; No. 1 Northwestern. *1 60;
prime timothy seed, $4 50; mess pork, per bar
rel,-Hi: lard, per 100 pounds, J6 75; short-rib
sides (loose), J8 25@6 60; dry salted shoulders
(boxed), $5 87H@6 WA; short clear side* (boxed),
Jf> 65@a 75; whisky, basis' of high wines, $137;
clover, contract grade, $10@10 25.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, DECEMBER 29, 1900.
Foreign Futures.
Bank Clearings.
LOCAL MARKETS.
Bradstreef s on Trade.
EASTERN MARKETS.
May
10
Continued on Pag© Thirteen.
i T^I'ITT?^,
Amount.
Percentage
Inc. I Dec
N»w York $1,178,383,111 16.3 ....
Boston .-. 110.360.K51
Chicag-o 122.522,627 6.8 ....
Philadelphia 63.673.416 1.9
St. Louis 36.465,435
Pittsburg 31,203,166 11.6 ....
Baltimore 17,038,477 .... 20.D
San Francinoo 17.361.0SS 18.5 ....
Cincinnati 14.642.GCO 7.7
Kansas City 15.-764.2S0 44.1 ....
New Origan* 13.4C1.35S 23.8 ....
Minneapolis 9 i93,fc20 .... 2.6
Detroit 7,7113,534 11.7 ..'..
Cleveland 10,202,395 12.9 ....
Louisville 7.531. S53 6.1 ....
Providence 6.265.100 2 9 ....
Milwaukee 6.36'> 14S 2.4 ....
St Hani a mi dci
oi. 4.3U4.9S6
Buffalo 4.S34.SS3 8.9 ....
Omaha 6,:.51,233 4.5 ....
Indianapolis 6.432.0C5 26.6 ....
Columbus. Ohio E,E22,S0O 10. a ....
Eavannah 4,£73,MS 33.7 ....
Denver 3,321,839 ....• 6.0
Hartford 1.80.153 .... 22.1
Richmond 2,951,433 1.8
Memphis 3,116,115 34.6 ....
Washington 2,185.466 11.3
Peona 2,222,954 41.3 ....
Rochester 1,948,211 11,4 ....
New Haven 1.187,906 .... 3.3
Worcester 1, 085,664 2.9
Atlanta 2,114,132 27.5 ....
Salt Lake City 2.2S4.358 15.5 ....
Springfield. Maes 1,161,339 .... 6.1
Fort Worth 2,009,302 26.7 ....
Portland, Me 1,022,987 8.8
Portland. Or 1.932,29S 22.9 ....
Kt. Joseph 3.119,660
Los Angeles 2.230,!j7S 33.1
Norfolk 1,078,151 .... 21.9
Syracuse 1,134,776 8.7 ....
Des Molnes 1,275,462 10.0 ....
Xashville 1,2S3,331 16.0 ....
Wilmington, Del 772.297 8.6
Fall River 9S3.731 62. 1 ....
Scraiiton 1,443,993 25.2 ....
Grand Rapids 1,119,470 10.5 ....
Augusta, Ga 1,990,675 1S6.7 ....
Lov.ell 478,916 .... 13.8
Dayton. Ohio 1.138.531 18.0
Seattle 2.175.9S7 38.9 ....
Taooma 1,044,338 19.1 ....
Spokan* 823,234 .... 26.9
Pioux City 1,068.477 18.6 ....
New Bedford 364,518
Knoxville, Term 578.723 9.2 ....
Topeka 902,468 66.3 ....
Birmingham 1.0S5.744 21.6 ....
Wichita 442.S90 1.1 ....
BiPgrhamton 315.600 4.6
Lexington. Ky E09.176 41.7
Jacksonville, Fla 234.132 .... 11.0
Kalamazoo 412.S32 20.8 ....
Akron 492.700 35.1
Chattanooga 353,653 .... 8.9
P.orkford. Ill 329,741 2.3
Canton. Ohio 334,000 38.3
Springfield, Ohio 248.9S8 7.8
Farffo, N. D ZEJ.012 1.3 ....
Sioux Falls. 3. D 119,224 15.5 ....
Hastings, Xeb 149.387
Fremont, Xeb 108.S2O 28. 3
Davenport 631,372 6.7 ....
Toledo L954.3S9 6.6 ....
Galveston 7.024, COO 2.2 ....
Houston 7,744,571
; Helena » 656,436 9.8
; Macon P70,»>00 15.1
YounRBtoxvn 325.8S0 3.8 ....
Springfield, 111 437.904 21.0 ....
Evanevllle $17,236 .... 4.8
Little Rock 739.606 4.2
Totals U. B $1,786,322,081 11.9 ..
Totals outside N. Y. 607.93S.975 4.5 ....
Dominion of Canada —
Montreal $12,691,169 .... 7.7
Toronto 9,140,007
Winnipeg ;.. 1,984,809 .... 16.1
Halifax 1,428,860 .... 1.3
Hamilton 762.975 7.4 ....
Et. John, N. B 635,790 5.5
Vancouver £15,621 9.2 ....
Victoria 636,371
Totals I J27.993.7S5 4.4 j ....
utsi
in\
¦is
8
I
10. IT
8.71
J.T3
tM
'j C.-l
e.43
4. 47
» !>T
X.27
i.St
fi.T9
l.TS
1.S2
utsi
in\
¦is
8
I
10. IT
8.71
J.T3
tM
'j C.-l
e.43
4. 47
» !>T
X.27
i.St
fi.T9
l.TS
1.S2
i T^I'ITT?^,
Amount.
Percentage
Inc. I Dec
N»w York $1,178,383,111 16.3 ....
Boston .-. 110.360.K51
Chicag-o 122.522,627 6.8 ....
Philadelphia 63.673.416 1.9
St. Louis 36.465,435
Pittsburg 31,203,166 11.6 ....
Baltimore 17,038,477 .... 20.D
San Francinoo 17.361.0SS 18.5 ....
Cincinnati 14.642.GCO 7.7
Kansas City 15.-764.2S0 44.1 ....
New Origan* 13.4C1.35S 23.8 ....
Minneapolis 9 i93,fc20 .... 2.6
Detroit 7,7113,534 11.7 ..'..
Cleveland 10,202,395 12.9 ....
Louisville 7.531. S53 6.1 ....
Providence 6.265.100 2 9 ....
Milwaukee 6.36'> 14S 2.4 ....
St Hani a mi dci
oi. 4.3U4.9S6
Buffalo 4.S34.SS3 8.9 ....
Omaha 6,:.51,233 4.5 ....
Indianapolis 6.432.0C5 26.6 ....
Columbus. Ohio E,E22,S0O 10. a ....
Eavannah 4,£73,MS 33.7 ....
Denver 3,321,839 ....• 6.0
Hartford 1.80.153 .... 22.1
Richmond 2,951,433 1.8
Memphis 3,116,115 34.6 ....
Washington 2,185.466 11.3
Peona 2,222,954 41.3 ....
Rochester 1,948,211 11,4 ....
New Haven 1.187,906 .... 3.3
Worcester 1, 085,664 2.9
Atlanta 2,114,132 27.5 ....
Salt Lake City 2.2S4.358 15.5 ....
Springfield. Maes 1,161,339 .... 6.1
Fort Worth 2,009,302 26.7 ....
Portland, Me 1,022,987 8.8
Portland. Or 1.932,29S 22.9 ....
Kt. Joseph 3.119,660
Los Angeles 2.230,!j7S 33.1
Norfolk 1,078,151 .... 21.9
Syracuse 1,134,776 8.7 ....
Des Molnes 1,275,462 10.0 ....
Xashville 1,2S3,331 16.0 ....
Wilmington, Del 772.297 8.6
Fall River 9S3.731 62. 1 ....
Scraiiton 1,443,993 25.2 ....
Grand Rapids 1,119,470 10.5 ....
Augusta, Ga 1,990,675 1S6.7 ....
Lov.ell 478,916 .... 13.8
Dayton. Ohio 1.138.531 18.0
Seattle 2.175.9S7 38.9 ....
Taooma 1,044,338 19.1 ....
Spokan* 823,234 .... 26.9
Pioux City 1,068.477 18.6 ....
New Bedford 364,518
Knoxville, Term 578.723 9.2 ....
Topeka 902,468 66.3 ....
Birmingham 1.0S5.744 21.6 ....
Wichita 442.S90 1.1 ....
BiPgrhamton 315.600 4.6
Lexington. Ky E09.176 41.7
Jacksonville, Fla 234.132 .... 11.0
Kalamazoo 412.S32 20.8 ....
Akron 492.700 35.1
Chattanooga 353,653 .... 8.9
P.orkford. Ill 329,741 2.3
Canton. Ohio 334,000 38.3
Springfield, Ohio 248.9S8 7.8
Farffo, N. D ZEJ.012 1.3 ....
Sioux Falls. 3. D 119,224 15.5 ....
Hastings, Xeb 149.387
Fremont, Xeb 108.S2O 28. 3
Davenport 631,372 6.7 ....
Toledo L954.3S9 6.6 ....
Galveston 7.024, COO 2.2 ....
Houston 7,744,571
; Helena » 656,436 9.8
; Macon P70,»>00 15.1
YounRBtoxvn 325.8S0 3.8 ....
Springfield, 111 437.904 21.0 ....
Evanevllle $17,236 .... 4.8
Little Rock 739.606 4.2
Totals U. B $1,786,322,081 11.9 ..
Totals outside N. Y. 607.93S.975 4.5 ....
Dominion of Canada —
Montreal $12,691,169 .... 7.7
Toronto 9,140,007
Winnipeg ;.. 1,984,809 .... 16.1
Halifax 1,428,860 .... 1.3
Hamilton 762.975 7.4 ....
Et. John, N. B 635,790 5.5
Vancouver £15,621 9.2 ....
Victoria 636,371
Totals I J27.993.7S5 4.4 j ....
AUCTION 5ALES
fe> SPECIAL AUCTION SALS £&
OF ALL THE
RACEHORSES IN TRAINING
BELONGING TO E. CORRIGAN. *•=«••
Prior to his departure for England^ compla-
ins: Rathgar, Artllla. Wallensteln. Lily =J lTn P-
son, Antloch. Lon* Tom. Yodel. Carter Harri-
son Jr.. and five of his choicest r*»r\\ng»Tt»i7
to race, NOW. by *tich «irea aa Indio. ?»""**,
Imp. St. Andrew and Imp. Bassetlaw out o.
sisters to the great racehorse Rlley and o^e'
famous marcs.
Also to Clowe a ?c-partn«rsh!p tbj
3-year-old imp. Mariner-Phoebe colt
COUNT HUBERT _^—
Also, per order executors Marcus Daly estate,
the great suburban winner, gam© race-
horse and sire
Sire of Mootanlc. Mortgage. Montallade. eta.
PRIMROSE
The royally bred son of .imp. St. Ea!s» *oA
Wood Violet; and
SHAFT, by The Pepper, out of Boise.
Sale will take place at
TAXFORAN RACETRACK —
SATURDAY December 29. 1500,
Commencing at 12 o'clock m.
Take 11:80 train. Third and Town»end sta.
Catalogues ready.
¦ WM. Q. 1ATXG, AqctloneCT.Officers of Chemical Society.
CHICAGO. Dec. 28.— Reading , and dis
cussion of papers on various subjects; of
scientific interest took up most of the
time of to-day's session of the American
Chemical Society. . The following 'officers
were chosen: President. Professor Frank
WV. Clarke of Washington;, councilors to,
serve' three; years; Dr. -W. vA.' Noyes of
Terre iHaqte. Ind. ; Dr. P. A. Gooch of
New Haven. Conn.; Dr. T. W. Richards
of Cambridge. Mass., and Dr. H.L. Wells
of New Haven,". Conn,' - '
Local Director . of the. Scranton Line
to Submit Plan for Set- \
HOLDS A CONFERENCE
WITH THE STRIKERS
tlement. ¦
SCRANTON, Pa., Dec. 28.— A conference
was held to-day between Timothy Burke,
a local director of i the Scranton Railway
Company, and a committee of the striking
employes. The proceedings were not di
vulged further than the issuing of a state
ment that It was promised by Mr. "Burke
that a proposition for settlement would
likely be forthcoming, to-morrow. - .'. -
Thirteen cars were ¦ taken out of the
barn to-day, but . only, five or six were
run at any. time*," No$. a single passenger
was carried on any car, and at 3 o'clock
the company ordered that the cars should
cease rurmlnsr.^ . ' - ¦¦
Everywhere the cars moved they were
greeted with volleys of snowballs or
stones, and most of them had their win
dows smashed. Crews in many instances
deserted upon - arriving at • the • company's
office, after a siege of not
more than an hour or.so.T--;:,
. . ¦ ..
Queen's Wedding Day Set.
NEW, YORK .'Dec. 28.— The Holland So
ciety of New York ; received a cablegram
from The Hague to-day saying that Queen
Wilhelmina's marriage has. been set for
September 7.. :;- : . ;
• ST. PAUL, D«v 28.— An evening paper says:
The ' Bralnerd : and -Northern ' Minnesota • Rail
way will shortly be incorporated in the North
em Pacific system if the present plans of the
latter company do not ; miscarry. - •..-.;
In Memory of E. L. Clapp.
At the regular weekly meeting of the
fan Francisco Labor Council last night
resolutions of respect for the memory of
it? president. E. L. Clapp. whose death
occurred on last Thursday In the Van
N'*>ks Hotel by asphyxiation, were adopted.
The late president of the council will be
burled from Ur.ion Sqnare Hall to-morrow
at 1030 with eppropriate ceremonies. A
hand of ISO miiFicl&n5 mill escort the re
mains to Laurel Hill Cemetery.
\t"the request of the Cloakmakcrs
Inion the boycott heretofore placed
;.ea!n« the firm* of M. Eiminoff. M.
rriedman and the Golden Gate Cloak
fcnd Suit Hous«e was ordered lifted. The
employe* of all of these firms having
joined labor unions rendered the houses
''Iran."
Min?tti Quartet Concert.
An rncouraeinply large audience greeted
the fourth concert of the Minettl quartet
chamber mu^ic pcric?, given for the firs;
time in the *>vening last night in Sherman
& Clay"s Hall. The programme Included
:h» TpchaikowFky D major quartet; the
1 Intermezzo" and "Humorrpca" from the
A minor quartet of Ippolitoff-Ivanoff, and
the piano trio in G minor of Smetana.
The numbers were all given with more
Than UMial grace and distinction and were
evidently highly appreciated by the en
thusiastic audience. The club was cap
i.bly asfist^d by S. G. Fleishman, pianist,
who undertook the piano part of the
Smetana trio. The next concert of th*
i-fffs will be given on January 11. and th*
rropramrr.o will include a quartet by
AfanassipfT fnew hr-re». the C major son
nta for piano and violin of Grieg and the
Brahms piano quintet In F minor.
Police Court Notes.
Luclcn Koch, alia:? M. Kuhn. was held
to answer before the Superior Court by
Judge Conlan yesterday on a charge of
V'urglary In J2000 bonds.. He was charged
with breaking into ti.e room of ex-Judge
I/^w in the Golden West Hotel on Decem-
V»'r 36 and stealing fonto articles of jew
<-lry and clothing. Koch came into prom
inence about two years ago by stealing
i-.n ivuTRfn^c vase from the California
Hotel. Ho is paid to be the son of a
wealthy brpwer at Alsace. Germany.
Hugh McDfvitt. alia;- Frank Burns, was
h^ld to ar.«=wer before the Superior Court
Viy Judjrp Frftz yesterday on a charge of
robbery in 52000 bonds. He was accused
¦ ¦f snatching a purse from Mrs. Alice
Hennip, 412 Minna strctt, on the night of
Iwomter 23.
<3*orpe Washington, a colored man. was
hrld to answer before the Superior Court
"¦y Judge Fritz yesterday on a charge of
;•• ssault to murder in $2000 bonds. Decem
bw 7 he went to 1<W Jackson street, where
Ms divorced wife. Oeorgia Adams, lived.
;.r<1 stanb*>d her six times on the wrist
v. ::h a pc-nknifr*.
Grand Jury Next to Consider tha
Culpability of Municipal Of-
GAMBLING HOUSE KEEPERS
INDICTED IN CHICAGO
fleers and Police.
CHICAGO, Dec. 23.— Keepers cf four
teen "dives" and gambling-houses wero
indicted by the Grand Jury to-day as the
result of the Inquiry Into cridie and vice
in Chicago. The work will be continue*!
to-morrow. Of the fourteen Indictment. <
four were against alleged keepers of
gambling-houses and ten against propri
etors of basement and other resorts, on
the charge of conducting disorderly
places. One State Senator and Daviil
Lewinsohn. ex-city detective, were amonjr
those hit by the first batch of Indictments.
Those indicted on the charge of keeping
common gambling-houses are:
State Senator John Broderlck. LouH
Frank and Julius Frank. Dennis Foley
and A> Bernstein-
It was asserted to-night that the voting
of indictments against divekeepers Is but
the preliminary action toward returning
true bills against a number of prominent
municipal officers who are responsible for
the enforcement of all laws and or
dinances.
Foreman McCoy of the Grand Jury had
only this to say to-night: "The question
of the liability of the police and other
municipal officers was put over until to
morrow."
THE DAY'S DEAD.
Dr. "William C. Jones.
GRASS VALLEY, Dec. 23.— Dr. William
C. Jones, a pioneer citizen of this place,
died .this morning from the effects of a
stroke of paralysis. Dr. Jones was a na
tive of Tennessee, aged £7 years, and came
to California In 1S57. locating in Truckee.
He was engaged in mining and other en
terprises for a few years, and after at
tending medical colleges in San Franclsca
and New York began the practice of medi
cine. He has been located for nearly
thirty years in Grass Valley, where he
was notably successful In his profession
and prospered in his ventures. Dr. Jones
was a 'man of indomitable courage and,
passed through many exciting adventures
Incident to early days. During the time
of his professional practice he gave medi
cal attention to many who were unfortu
nate and unable to pay for such services.
He was prominent in Masonic and other
orders, and his funeral will be conducted
under the auspices of the Masons on Sun
day.
Inventor W. Westlake.
CHICAGO. Dec. 28.— A private telegram
received here announces the death at his
home In Brooklyn. N. Y.. to-day of Wil
liam Westlake, one of the founders of th»»
Adams & Westlake Company and widely
known as an Inventor. Mr. Westlake held
over 300 personal patents, among the best
known being the open-top hand lantern,
which made possible the system of lantern,
signaling universally used on railroads.
He was also the Inventor of the first rail
way car lamp. Mr. Westlake. was born
In Cornwall, England, in 1831. and camo
to the United States In 1S44. In 1S57 he be
came chief tinsmith of the old Milwaukee
and Lacrosse Ratlroad. In 1861 he formed
a business partnership with Master Me
chanic Rice of that road for the manufac
ture of railway supplies. The firm was
burned out In the great fire of 1S7L
Henry Rohner.
EUREKA, Dec. 28. — Henry Rohner, ona
of the wealthiest and most respected of
Humboldt pioneers, died at his home In
Fortuna at 6:30 o'clock this morning. He
has been ailing for a number of years.
He was born In Switzerland In 1523 and
came to Humboldt County in 1S5L
— .Rev. J. E. Martin.
CHICAGO. Dec 28.— A special from
Jackson. Tenn., announces the sudden
death at Clarksdale. Miss., to-day of Rev
J. E. Martin, pastor of St. Luke's Church
of Jackson. Mr. Martin was chaplain
with Stonewall Jackson In the Army of
Virginia during the civil war.
Aaron Weilhelmer.
FRESNO. Dec. 23.— Aaijrn Weilhelmer,
the largest dealer in vehicles, harness,
etc.. In this valley, died this forenoon.
Death had been expected for several days.
The deceased has been in business here
fifteen years and enjoyed the esteem or
the community.
Major Mite Is Dead.
NEW YORK. Dec. 2S.— Major Mite. th«
dwarf, died at the New Tork Hospital
last night of a complication of diseases.
He had been ill for some time. He waa
born In New Zealand and had been ex
hibiting in circuses for fourteen , years.
Moses Colt Taylor.
ITHACA, N. Y.. Dec. 28.— Mosea Coit
Taylor, professor of American. history in
Cornell University, died to-day after aa
illness of three weeks.
CAPTAIU F. A. NIPPERT
GUILTY AS CHABGED
The court-martial that tried Captain
Firman A. Nippert, commanding Com
pany F. First Infantry, N. G. C, found
him guilty of making a false parade re
port as to the number of men turned out.
oa September S. neglect of duty and fail
ure to obry an order, and the sentence
was that lie be dismissed from the ser
vir-p of the State of California. A major
ity of the board that tried him signed a
recommendation to Brigadier General
Warueld. asking that In consideration of
the pood service of the captain both in
the guard and in the volunteer service
mercy be shown him. Heeding this re
tj'jest. the prcneral commuted the sentence
to a reprimand and in the order issued
fays :
The proceeding*, findings and sentence in the
nw of Captain Firman A. Nippert. Company
F. First ln'~antry Ilegiment. N. G. C. are
hereby approved : but on the recommendation
nt a majority of the members of the court and
in consideraiion of the previous excellent rec
ord of the 8ocu*e«1 officer. an<1 his statement
t» the tourt acknowledging hu errors and ex
pressing Borrow for the same, and at the same
time asking the clemency of the court, the sen
tence im hereby commuted, and In Its rte«d the
accus«*-d officer will be publicly reprimanded;
and further, it is the desire of the command
ing officer at this tln;e to exprers hie most
revere condemnation of hls> conduct, his lack
of regard for the obligations he had assumed
and disregard of his honor in Fignlng a return,
knowing it to' be untrue. It If hoped that Cap
tain Xippert will appreciate the clemency
Fhown him by the rr»mmandlng officer and will
pive evidenr-e by hit future conduct that it was
not misar i pll« > a.
Special Dispatch to The Call
VANCOUVER, B'. C. Dec. 28.— The
alarming decrease in the birth rate In the
centers of population In Australia has
caused much discussion throughout the
colonies and was recently brought up in
the Legislature of New South Wales,
where it caused a rancorous debate*,- It
was decided to appoint a royal commis
sion to inquire into the cause and inaugu
rate some method to overcome the present
conditions.
One member of the Legislature, Dr. A.
B Ross, charged that the great falling off
in the birth rate, as disclosed by carefully
prepared statistics, was attributable to
the host of private hospitals established
to treat alleged femaje diseases. The hos
pitals exist in scores in Sydney.
He /demanded to know the reason for
these institutions not having to make re
ports annually to Uhe Government, that
they might be Inspected and their. Iniqui
ties exposed. He urged the necessity of
criminally prosecuting those concerned in
their mismanagement.
The charities commission also recently
laid before the Legislature a report rec
ommending that private hospitals should
be registered and brought untfer : Inspec
tion, and gave details of cases which
caused many expressions of horror from
the Assemblymen.
Sir William Lyne, the Premier, In reply
agreed to the Immediate appointment of a
commission. He said that with the vast
territory cf Australia yearning for a
mighty population the decrease In births
has a signaficance more than ominous. He
also agreed that registration of hospitals
should be carried into effect as soon as
the law could be altered;
Statistics Show an Alarm
ing Decrease in the
Birth Rate.
OAKLAND, Dec. 2S.— The Centen
nial Presbyterian Church, on the
corner of East Seventeenth street
and Twenty-fourth aVenue, will
burn Its mortgage on New Year's
eve. and will open the new year free of
debt. The first services of this church
were held in a tent, and It has gone from
this humble beginning to a successful
church society, with its building entirely
paid for.
Rev. R. C. Stone, the pastor of the
church, and the members, have arranged
for special services to be held on New
Year's eve. Rev. F. S. Brush will de
liver the principal address of the even
ing and the mortgage will be burned by
A. R. Dow. The programme for the even
ing is as follows:
Hymn No. 36; Scripture reading: anthem;
prayer: solo, "Fear Not Ye, O Israel"" (Buck);
Miss May B. Cruff; address. Rev. F. S. Brush,
D.D.: anthem: history. Mrs. A. R. Dow; finan
cial statement, J. B. Hopkins; mortgage burn
ing, A. R. Dow; hymn No. 204; congratulations
from our neighbors; solo, "The Heavenly Mes
sage" (Rosse). •William Ctoes; greetings from
absent friends, read by Miss Alice H. Corn
wall: remarks by pastor: hymn No. 31: bene
diction. 11:30— Conference, "Our New Century
Work." conducted by the Christian Endeavor
Society.
The following Interesting bits of history
are taken from the records of the church:
In ADrll. 1S8S, E. C. Sessions of East Six
teenth street, Oakland, made an offer of a lot
on Twenty-fourth avenue and East Sixteenth
street, Oakland, to the Presbytery of San Fran
cisco conditioned upon the building of a church
edifice, the cost not to be less than J500O, before
March 1, 1SS9. The offer was accepted by the
Presbytery, and a committee consisting of Rev.
El S Chapman, D.D.. Rev. Thomas Frazer.
D D and C. Gedds, ruling elder, was ap
pointed to take the necessary steps in order to
fulfill the required conditions.
In the meantime the Presbytery requested
Dr. Robert Dickson to take charge of the en-
SOCIAL PROBLEM
IN AUSTRALIA
WASHINGTON, Dec. 28.— Tho general
board of the navy, presided over by Ad
miral Dewey, has. taken up the question
of the transfer of the United States naval
station from Cavlte and its permanent es
tablishment on Subig Bay. At the same
time the special board of naval officers
now making Inquiries In the Philippines
as to the best t-ite for a permanent naval
station has cabled >. to Washington for a
full equipment of. boring apparatus. In or
der to learn whether there Is suitable
foundation at Subig Bay and other points
for the extensive drydocks and othe'
equipment of such a station. The bureau
chiefs wot'ld !Eke to make use of the ex
tensive building? already erected at the
Subig Bay station. These were put up by
the Spanish naval authorities, are in a
good state of preservation and are said to
offer bettei accommodations for the en
gineering and ether branches of the navy
than the buildings now in use at Cavite
The boring apparatus requested will be
shipped at once, but it will be fully two
months before It can be set up for use
The officials here expect that the borings
will disclose much difficulty in the way ot
securing suitable foundations for a per
manent station. About seventy-flve feet
of solid foundation Is required for a dry
dock, and there Is much doubt whether
this can be secured at Subig Bay. Sev
eral other points are being examined by
the board, and the borings will be carried
on at these points as well as-at Subig Bay.
¦¦ - ?
CAMPAIGN OP THE FORTIETH.
Mindanao Captured.
Insurgent Strongholds in Northern.
MANILA, Dec 23.— An " energetic cam
paign has been carried on by the Fortieth
Infantry during December In Northern
Mindanao. The town of Jiminez was cap
tured, as was also the insurgent strong
hold In the mountains further Inland. Tha
coast town of Lanparin was captured by
a detachment of 100 troops, who scattered
the enemy in that vicinity, killing and
capturing several. A portion of the troops
thus engaged have returned to Cagayan
and Joined in the campaign which Briga
dier -General Kobbe Is personally prose
cuting.
General llacArthur's proclamation Is re
sulting in many arrests of alleged Insur
rectionists in Manila and vicinity, a few
of those taken Into custody being prom
inent- One prisoner was shot dead and
another wounded In attempting to escape.
General Board of the Navy
Is Seeking Site for
Location.
terprise and prepare the way for a church or
ganization.
On August 6, 1S8S. a meeting of those Inter
ested In the organization of a Presbyterian
church was called. Rev. Drs. Chapman an-1
Frazer were present as the Presbyterian com
mittee, empowered to organize a church if it
should be deemed advisable.
The following were elected ruling- elders:
James McKatl. W. C. Glenn and A. R. Dow.
D. L. Snv>ot. A. O. Glenn and A. R. Dow
were elected trustees. The church was by a
unanimous vote named the Centennial Presby
terian Church. In connection with the San
Francisco Presbytery.
A tent was purchased and the first public
rellirious service was held on August 12, 1S8S.
.with" an attendance of nearly seventy persons.
August 14. 188S. a Sabbath-school was organized
with the following officers and teachers: Rev.
Robert DIckson, D.D., superintendent pro tem. :
A. R. Dow. secretary; Mrs. Laura Smoot,
teacher of the primary class; Mrs. Ella Dow
and Miss Minnie Dickson. teachers of the adult
classes.
November 29. 1SS8. at a regular meeting of the
church. Rev. Robert Dickson. D.D.. waa unani
mously chosen pastor of said church and con
gregation and was Installed pastor on the 16th -
of June. 1889.
On January S. 1SS9. bids for the new
building were opened, and on March 8,
18S9. the mortgage, which will be burned
Monday night, was made. It amounted
to 13000. Rev. R, C. Stone has been in
charge of the church for the last few
years, and has entirely cleared off the
debt that hung over It.
The present officers of the church are:
Pastor— Rev. B. C? Stone.
Elders — G. S. Prosser, clerk; A. R, Dow,
T. H. Cruff, John Munce, Charles Ches
ter. Robert Williams.
Deacons— A. B. McDonald, William
Abrams. A. R. Muir.
Trustees — J. B. Hopkins, H. F. Corn
wall, J. A. Thompson. Alexander Brown.
James Moir.
Sunday school superintendent— William
J. McCracken.
President Christian Endeavor— Mlaa
Florence M. Gordon. •
yChucch clerk— Miss Alice H. Cornwall.
NAVAL STATION
IN PHILIPPINES
REV. R. C. 8TONE AND MRS. STONE, AND THE CENTENNIAL
CHURCH THEY HAVE FREED FROM DEBT. THE MORTGAGE
WILL BE BURNED NEW YEAR'S EVE.
taken In the hills, streets and houses of
Oakland, by an Oakland young man, and
made to do duty for a story in the Mid
dle West.
Mr. Jackson is a well known amateur
photographer. He has done some work
for th* 1 magazine*, but never in this line,
and for the daily press. Tt was his photo
graph of Abe Majors, the Oakland boy
bandit. that served to identify the little
desperado in Utah for murder and rob
bery, and it was his photograohs that
played such an important part in the
Brajides case.
PAUPER ALIEN FINDS j
AN UNKNOWN FRIEND
Porto Rican Whose Status Was in
Doubt Vouched For by a
Stranger.
NEW YORK, Dec. 2S.— Alfonso Gomiez
y Stanley, a native of Porto Rico, who
was detained at Ellis Island Wednesday
as a pauper 'alien, was allowed to depart
to-day with the question of his citizen
ship still undetermined. After waiting
two days in the hope that the Treasury
Department would make a ruling in the
case, help came to the puzzled Immigra
tion officials from an unexpected source.
A philanthropic woman agreed to be re
sponsible for the man's maintenance, and
he was released without delay, as there
was no further reason for his detention,
no matter what his political status.
If the case had not taken this unex
pected turn it would have come up for set
tlement in the same way as did that of
George Cruse. The latter was a Porto
Rican and was brought here by the Her
ald to test the political status of Porto
Ricans In the United States. He was de
tained, but Secretary Gage, avoiding the
question at issue ordered his discharge.
The Secretary or the Treasury said he
preferred to have the United States Su
preme Court decide as to Cruse's citizen
ship. This was last April, but no deci
sion has yet been rendered.
OTTOMAN GOVERNMENT
CONTRACTS FOR WARSHIP
To-day the Porto Rican was allowed to
go with his new found friend, who did not
want her- name made public. Commis
sioner Fitchie said to-night that he had
just mailed a report on the case to
Washington. He said he had not had any
previous correspondence in regard to the
case.
Engagements for Purchase of Vessels
Run Into Millions, While
Treasury Is Empty.
BERLIN. Dec. 28.— The Ottoman Gov
ernment has Contracted for the construc
tion of the Ottoman battleship Assar-I-
Te'wflk at the German wharf, Kiel, at a
cost of £270.000.
The Cologne Gazette says that Ger
many, in a friendly way. informed the
Porte that if the claims of the United
States for damages growing out of the
Armenian outrages were granted, Ger
many would expect similar treatment.
LONDON. Dec. 29.— "The foreign en
gagements of the Porte for the purchase
and renovation of warships and for naval
and military artillery now amount to £2,
400,000," says the Constantinople corre
spondent of the Times, "while the treas
ury is absolutely empty . and internal
debts Increase daily."
CONGRESSMAN GAMBLE TO
SUCCEED PETTTGREW
Leaders of the Opposition Agree to a
Compromise and Will Dictate
the Patronage.
SIOUX FALLS. S. D., Dec. 28.—Con
gressman Robert J. Gamble of Yankton
will be practically the unanimous choice
of the Republican members of the Legis
lature for United States Senator to suc
ceed Senator Pettlgrew, whose term ex
pires March i.
This is the result of the compromise
now being effected by the Republicans of
the State, including the leaders who for
several weeks have been opposing the
election of Mr. Gamble. The basis of the
compromise is that Congressman Gamble
shall be given the Senatorshlp, while
those leaders of tha so-called machine
who have been opposing him are to dic
tate the Federal appointments of South
Dakota. ,.',.%•;
WOMEN RAID SALOON
ANIK SMASH BOTTLES
Despairing of Repeated Failures of
the Police, Take the Law Into
Their Own Hands.
MATTOON, la., Dec. 28.— About twenty
women of Longvlew last, night raided a
"blind pig" that" nas been running for
some time in spite of the officers of that
little town, broke in the door, gathered
up all the bottles and juga they could
find, carried them to the street and there
smashed them, spilling the contents on
the ground.
The proprietors of the place had been
arrested several times, but their trade
was so good that they were willing to pay
their fines each time, reopening the place
immediately afterward. Despairing of
having the place closed by this means the
women decided to take the matter into
their own hands.
FRED BITTMAN" OFFERED
ASSISTANT AUDITORSHIP
Banker of Cleveland May Succeed the
Late Auditor Morris in the
Treasury.
WASHINGTON. Dec. 23.-The President
has tendered Fred Rittman of Cleveland,
Ohio, the position of Fourth Auditor of
the Treasury, made vacant by the tragic
death of Auditor Morris.
Rittman, for fifteen or twenty years,
has been engaged In the banking busi
ness In Cleveland, and previously was
auditor of railroad accounts. *
The condition of Samuel McDonald, who
killed Auditor Morris, was considerably
worse to-day. The change . is ; due to a
renewal of his efforts to thwart the meas
ures necessary for his recovery. He 're
fuses to take nourishment. His brother,
W. H. McDonald, the opera singer, who
Is a member of the Bostonlans, now play
ing an engagement in Denver, has tele
graphed that ¦ he cannot leave the , com
pany at present, owing to the illness of
two of Kb members.
Quay on the Ground.
IIARRISBURG. Pa., Dec. 28.— Colonel
M. S. Quay reached Harrlsburg to-day
fronvWashington to take personal charge
of his canvass for United States Senator
Senator Penrose • also arrived to-day to
assist In the management of the- Quay
campaign. On Tuesday, evening the Re
publicans will hold a« caucus for the nomv
ination of. a candidate for United States
Senator. N V
E. R. JACKSON, AN AMATEUR
PHOTOGRAPHER, WHO HAS
EAli^NED DISTINCTION.
WKST POINT, Dec. 28. r The taking of
testimony by the military court of in
quiry in regard to the death of former
Cadet Oscar L. Boos; will be finished at
the West Point Military Academy to
morrow afternoon. To-day's inve.stlgu
tion brought out if s-timony to the effect
that cadets had been hazed to a degree
of exhaustion. The victims mentioned
particularly were Cadets MacArthur and
Haskell. ,
MacArthur himself denied that he had
convulsions, but acknowledged that he
had been exercised to such an extent that
he had cramps In his muscles and that he
lost_ control of them. Haskell is not In
?he corps now so ( .hat his testimony was
not available.
Cadet Elliott J. Dent of Pennsylvania
said he had been hazed when, a fourth
class man but he had not to go to the
hospital In consequence. He told of being
punished for refusing to reveal . to the
authorities of the academy the names of
the cadets who hazed him.
Q.— Did you know Cadet Booz? A.— He 'was
pointed out to me, and I was told that he
was considered to be very worthless. -
Former Cadet John R. Doyle of- Phita.-
delphia. who was in the academy-., until
June, 1900, testified that he told v Boob
after his fight with Keller that M. ought
to have gone on.
He spoke in a way to me that showed that
hr was tired of the place and wanted to leave.
Q. — Were you ever hazed? A. — Yes, 1 took
pepper sauce, us much as a teaspoonful'and
a half at one time.
Q. — Who gave it to you? A. — Cadet Bender,
who was discharged. He began by giving me
a few drops. I think It was Bender who
started the giving of pepper sauce.
Q.— Did it hurt you? A.— No, sir; it was un
pieasant, but it had no Injurious effect that
1 know of. »
W. — Did you ever have to eat disagreeable
foods? A. — Yes, sir; on one occasion I had to
eat some preserved pineapple, but there was
plenty of quinine mixed up in it.
Q. — Did you know Cadet Breth, or know him
to be hazed? A. — Yes, sir; I eaw Cadet Bender
exercise him and saw him exercised to the
l<oint of exhaustion, but he went as far as
he could go. I knew him at the preparatory
srhool in Baltimore and there he was found
physically deficient by 'Major -Wynne— I mean
to enter this academy.
Cadet M. N. Nichols of Connecticut said
he belonged to the third class and was in
camp in 1899. He was exercised then and
did 250 "eagles." He was also braced and
hung to the stretcher, but not all at the
same session.
Q.— Do you know of any cadet having fainted
after exercising? A.— Yes, I remember the
case of Cadet J. Haskell, who is not now in
the corps.
Q.— Did the authorities Investigate the mat
ter? A.-Yes, sir.
Cadet Ulysses S. Grant, grandson of the
late ex-President of the United States,
who «s a third class man, was the next
witness. He stands second in his class, the
leader of which Is Douglas MacArthur, a
son of General MacArthur, commander of
the United States forces in the Philip
pines. He was examined by General
Clous and said he was admitted to the
academy In 1899.
Q. — Were you hazed in that year? A. — Yea,
Mr: I did eagles, held out dumbbells, did foot
balls and other exercises and took part In prac
tical jokes and ridiculous thing*.
Q.— Was any cadet punished for hazing you?
A. — Yes, sir; an upper class man was caught
making the "eagle" and he vwas .dismissed.
Q. — Have. you known of any brutal hazing?
A. — No. sir; If there was I was not present.
Q.— Did you do any hazing 1 of fourth class
men yourself? A.— Yes, I made them "brace"
and do some foollph thing*.
Q.— Any exercising? A.— No, sir; there was a
class agreement against that.
Cadet Douglas MacArthur of Wisconsin,
leader of the third class, testified that he
had been hazed, but not to exhaustion.
When asked who had hazed him he in
quired: "Is it absolutely necessary that
I give the names, sir?"
General Brooke replied that it was and
the witness said:
"Mr. Dockery of the present second
class is the only one now In the academy."
"Do you know of any cadet fainting
from hazing?"
"Yes. J. J. Murphy of the present fourth
class. I assisted him to his tent. I found
him lying near the ice tank. He did hot
tell me what he had been required to do."
Witness said he had hazed fourth class
men himself, to take the rough edges off
and conceit out of them. The witness did
not attend the class meeting that voted
to abolish hazing, but he understood the
agreement did not include bracing.
He denied having been seized with con
vulsions, but admitted having been ex
ercised until he had .cramps in his
muscles. . " »
The" testimony of'Charles T. Leeds of
Massachusetts was substantially the same
as Cadet MacArthur" s as to hazing. He
eaid Cadet Caruthers was taken to the
hospital with a broken Jaw. as 'the result
of a fight.
Cadet John C. Pegram of Virginia was
recalled' and aumitted that he had know.i
cadets to faint from hazing.
"What case was this?"
"Did you ever hear of cotton being put
in cadets' mouths to keep them from cry-
Ing or being hysterical?" was asked.
"Yes, I heard of such a case," replied
the witness. • • •
"I was told that Cadet MacArthur hart
requested some upper class men to stuff
his mouth with cotton so that he could
not cry out hysterically, • as he said he
could not control himself after some exer
cising."
"Why should he do this?"
"There was an officer near by at the
time and I was told MacArthur was
afraid he would hear him."
Lieutenant Colonel George B. Davis,
deputy advocate general. U. S. A., was
sworn and gfave a resume of the efforts
made by the authorities at the military
academy to eradicate the practice of haz
ing during the • last thirty-five years.
Colonel Davis was graduated In 1871.
"Yanking" wag commonly talked of as
theform of hazing then. This is similar
to what is now spoken of as dragging men
from their beds with mattresses or blank
ets underneath them.
Witness said varicrs means of stopping
hazing had been tried until now, in 1900.
these efforts were crowned with very sub
stantial success through the co-operation
of the corps of cadets.
• Lieutenant Colonel Otto L. Heln, com
mandant of cadets, produced several ex
tracts from his records for the last three
years, showing that_the penalties inflicted
for hazing in 1S28 h»d been much greater
than In previous years. Cadet Booz, he
said, never made any complaint of His
treatment. ¦-¦•¦.¦
One Cadet Admits That He Was At
tacktd by Cramps and Lost
Control of His Muscles
Entirely.
Witnesses 'Describe Brutal
Methods in Vogue at
r West Point'
HAZED UNTIL
ALMOST DEAD
OAKLAND MASONS
INSTALL OFFICERS
Live Oak Lodge Has Special
Services to Honor Its
New Board.
Tha Oakland Masonic Temple Has
B?:n Befitted at an Expense
of Five Thousand
Dollars.
6akland Office San Francisco Call.v
HIS Broadway. Dec. 2S. )
Live Oak Lodge No. «n. Fmp and Accept
ed Masons, installed its new hoard of of
ficers to-nisht with most elaborate cere
monies, after which a bann'i«*t was spread.
to which nearly three hundred sat down.
The new lodgproom In the Masonic Tem
ple, which has been refitted at an expense
of $3000," was used to-night in all its new
ness.
F. G. Wright, the retiring master of the
lodge, acted as the installing officer and
Past Master Walter O. Manuel was th<»
grand marshal of the ceremony. Th©
usual Masonic ceremonies for such an oc
casion were given. Interspersed" with mu
s]c by the Temple quartet, composed of
Ben Clark. Alfred Wllkie. Harry A. Mel
vln and George II. Carleton.
One of the pleasant features of the cere
mony was the presentation of a past mas
ter's jewel, set In diamonds, to retiring
Master F. G. Wright. This was presented
by the lodge, while the forty-six member*
who Joined the lodge during his term "f
service presented him with a silver loving
cup.
At the banquet George V. Dornin. thr»
new master, was toastmaster.
The new officers are: Oeorge W. Pornln.
master: R. W. Meek, senior warden;
Bradford Webster, junior warden; A. E.
H. Cramrr. treasurer: J. J. Warner, sec
retary: David W. James, chaplain; Frank
X. Mott. senior deacon: Charles F. Gu
lick. junior deacon; Abe P. Leach, mar
shal; H. R. Bobbins and Wager S. Smith,
stewards; H. O. Hunt, organist; O. K.
Stampley. tyler.
The new lodeeroom is one of the hand
somest in the State. It has been complete
ly refurnished, a. new electrical lighting
system has been installed and everyi fitting
of the room has been renewed, until It ta
as bright as the lights that glow and flasii.
in the dome.
Acacia Lodge No. 22, Free and Accepts
Masons, last night Installed the following
officers: J. K. Dlckenson. W. M.- G. H.
Woodside, S. W.: J. W. Green, J. "W.: Wil
liam Crawford, treasurer; W. J. Oglesby
secretary; J. F. Summers, S. D.; E. EaKer,
J. D.; G. H. Jacobs, S. S.; George Soguie
J. S.: Joseph Hardy, tylcr; C. L. Morten,
chaplain. *
Brooklyn Lodge No. 223. Free and Ac
cepted Masons, of East Oakland has in
stalled the following named officers for
the Masonic vear: John C. Foster W
M. : John C. Downey. S. W.: Walter IT.
Cohick. J. W. : George H. True, treasurer:
Charles D. Hayes, secretary: Ambrose
Merritt. chaplain: Granville D. Warren.
S. D.: Dudley M. Kopplkus. J. D.; J. Wal
ter Scott, marshal: Benjamin H. Griffln3.
steward; William D. Thomas, tyler.
WILL START THE NEW
YEAR FREE FROM DEBT
Centennial Church of Oakland to Burn
Its Mortgage Papers.
POSES HIS FRIENDS
TO PICTURE A STORY
Clever Work of E. R. -Jackson, an Ama
tuer Photographer.
OAKLAND, Dec. 2S.— To an Oak
land young man belongs the
credit of being the first to com
pletely illustrate a novel by
photographs, the figures being
posed to suit the incidents in the novel
and then photographed. The young man
who did the work is E. R. Jackson of
Last Oakland, and the book Illustrated Is
The Gentleman from Indiana," published
by a well known Eastern firm. Mr. Jack
son has just received notice that he has
been awarded the first prize in the world
wide competition that was open upon this
point.
The owners of th<? copyright upon "The
Gentleman from Indiana." in conjunction
Witti the Photographic Times, a magazine
Cievoted to amateur photography, ottered
a prizo of $100 and several medals for the
?£ St s^lT s nf Photographs illustrating
three different books. Thero were no re
nnctlons. and the competition was open
to all. Mr. Jockson was awarded the first
prize and a gold medal and. Mrs. Claude
Catch of Salem, Oregon, the Fccond. No
other set of pictures was considered of
enough merit even for a mention. There
were several hundred sets offered, and
the only prizes awarded came to the Pa
cific Coast.
Mr. Jackson chose "The Gentleman
from Indiana." and made twenty-five pic
tures, including chapter headings and tail
pieces. He used his friends liberally, tak
ing them out Into the hills and there pos
ing them and costuming them to fit the
Incidents of the story. There was lots of
lively incident in the story, shootings be
ing plenty, and there wa? no lack of good
subjects. Day after day Mr. Jackson took
his parties out into the hills back of Oak
land, dressed them as cowboys, gamblers,
country Sheriffs, country ¦ editors, even as
colored people, and then posed them ac
cording to his interpretation of the story.
His set of pictures has been accepted,
and the next edition of "The Gentleman
from Indiana" will be illustrated with
photographs of Oakland young people
GERMANY NOT DESIROUS
OF BUYING ST. JOHN ISLAND
Official of the Foreign Office Denies
That the Government Is About to
Establish Coaling Station. \
BERLIN. Dec. 2S.— The Frankfurter Ze\
tung prints a letter from Copenhagen, in
which the writer says Germany intends
buylnjr the island of St. John for a coal
ing station if Denmark's negotiations with
the United States should miscarry. The
letter refers to the organization of a Ger
man syndicate for the purpose of acquir
ing land on the island of St. John.
A representative of the Associated Press
showed a Foreign Office official the letter
referred to. In reply the official said Ger
many had never even remotely thoupht
of acquiring a West Indian island. He
added that she recognized the United
States would have as just ground for ob
jections thereto as Germany would have
if she heard the United States was nego
tiating with Denmark for the purchase
of the island of Bornholm. The official
admitted that it may be true that Ger
man capitalists are trying to purchase
land on the island of St. John, but he
reiterated that the German Government
has absolutely nothing: to do with the
project. The Foreign Office regards the
letter as intended to bring pressure to
bear on the I'nlted States in hastening:
the purchase of the Danish Antilles.
LONDON, Dec. 29.— "The American and
Danish Governments are engaged in di
rect negotiations for the sale of the Dan
ish West Indies." says the Copenhagen
correspondent of the Daily Mail, "and
the Danish Minister in Washington will
shortly submit a proposal for the consid
eration of the American Senate."
STORY OF BLACKMAIL
TOLD AT THE INQUEST
Sensational Evidence Tending to Es
tablish the Identity of Rich
ardson's Murderer.
ST. JOSEPH. Mo.. Dec. 2S.— Two sen
sations resulted to-day from the evidence
adduced at the inquest over the murder of
Frank Richardson, the millionaire mer
chant, who was shot down in his own
home at Savannah, Mo., on Christmas
eve.
The first sensation was testimony estab
lishing the probable Innocence of the bus
iness partner of the murdered man, who
has been under suspicion as the mur
derer, it having been alleged that the
partner. Just previous to the murder, was
accused by Richardson of undue inti
macy with Mrs. Richardson.
The second sensation was the fact that
the testimony tended to fix the responsi
bility for the crime upon a woman and
her adviser, a traveling man, who are al
leged to have blackmailed the deceased
out of various sums of money, covering
a period of almost a year.
Mrs. Richardson was expected to take
the stand to-day, but darkness ap
proached before the third witness had
concluded his evidence.
Charles Stanton. superintendent of the
electric light station, testified concerning
Richardson's association with Goldie
Wnitehead. a young woman who resided
at Stanberry, Mo., with whom Mr. Rich
ardson had been on intimate terms, and
who appeared to be hounding him for
money. _
SIX MEN KILLED BY
DYNAMITE EXPLOSION
STOBY OF DROWNING
¦f.ONLY A CRUEL FAKE
Had Left the Dangerous Explosive
by a Stove to Be Thawed
Out.
KETSER, W. Va., Dec. 2S.— By a dyna
mite explosion at Baker Camp, near Dur
ben. Pocahontas County, on the line of the
coal and iron railroad now building out
from Elkins. six men were killed and sev
eral others fatally Injured. .
The accident happened yesterday, while
the men were at dinner. Some dynamite
had been placed about the stove to thaw,
and shortly after a terrific explosion
wrecked the camp, killing three men out
right and injuring eight others, three of
whom have since died. The dead men were
blown to atoms, legs, arms and hands and
even parts of their. bodies being found in
different directions from the building In
which they lived. Names are not ob
tainable to-night
No Truth in the Report That Forty-
Nine School Children
Perished.
DES MOINES. Dec. 28.— A telephone
message from What Cheer this morning
declared there was not a word of truth
In the story of forty-nine children drown
ing there while skating. Tho lady in
charge of the exchange at that point wild
the story was started as a Joke by some
trainmen, and they first said the accident
had occurred at Pekay. a little town near
What Cheer. The ridiculousness of the
n»orv phe declared, was apparent from
the 'fact that there was not a pond big
enough in town to hold ten persons, let
alone forty-nine. The Foster story was
the outgrowth of the Pekay joke.
PADEBEWSKI HEARD FBOM.
Telegraphs a Report That He Is in
Perfect Health.
VIENNA. Dec. 28.— The report current
in Paris that Pederewskl had been killed
in sl duel has reached Vienna. A telegram
from Paderewskl ha*, however been re
ceived here saying that he Is in perfect
health. ' \
Incendiarism in Barbadoes.
KINGSTON. Jamaica." Dec 28.— Mail ad-
from Barbadoes report that incen
riiartsm is rampant there. Thirteen cane
mISSIi uid houses were burned during the
«°cek ending December 16. The planters
?~ alarmed and are securing police pro
flfiinn All the interested Islands are
Af^aPP^nted in the non-ratification of the
JSTn reciprocity treaties.
Oakland Offlre San Francisco Call.
4US Broadway. Dec. 28.
r«n1rar;nr John Worthinpton will bo
•'— plaintiff in a friendly suit against
i ,ty Auditor Breed 10 test the constitu-
cmalitr Of the State eight-hour law
Worthinjrton recently replanked the city
whsrvr-s. He worked his men more than
tight hours daily, with their consent, and
paid thorn accordingly. When he filed his
claim with the Board of Public Works
th" nuilding: Trades Council protested the
payment of his contract on the ground
i hat he had broken a State law in ex
ceeding the eight-hour limit.
The Board of Public Works delayed is-
Ktunc a warrant for the sum due Worth
irpron until the le?al aspect of the mat
t»r could be looked up. City Attorney
]><-w was asked for rxn opinion and after
• "suiting authorities decided that the
.*»¦ did not apply except where a protest
¦n U filed by one of the parties to the con
tract. Thereupon the warrant was issued.
W hcr>. Worthington presented the war
rant for payment no found that another
; rotest had b*-«>n fil«?d with the City Audi
tor. Mr. Breed declined to pay the
amount of the claim as long as there was
a protest on file.
It was nest decided to hold a conference
between the city's representatives. Con
tractor Worthington and the labor union
•"fficers There artre present Auditor
Hr*>ed. Treasurer Gilpin. Assistant City
Attorney Condon. Mr. Worthington and
his attroney «nd representatives of the
Building Trades Council and their at
torney.
Mr. Condon pave It as h5s opinion, ac
cording to the Supreme Court decisions
r>n the point involved, that the payment
<-if the contract was unjustly withheld,
fcut that as lone a? the Auditor had hung
it up the only way out of the matter was
to bring suit for a writ of mandamus to
compel him to pay.
The Auditor and Treasurer evidenced
Their lack of bias in the matter by sub.
bribing $19 each to pay the court costs
rf the suit and the matter was arranged
according to the suggestion of the As
sNtent City Attorney.
The pult will be 'of importance in de
termining: the future course of the city
< facials in similar case?, many of which
are continually coming up for settlement.
Labor Unions Contend That Statute
Has Been Violated and City's
Creditor Has Forfeited
Payment for Work.
Contractor and Auditor Ar
range Friendly Suit
0y«r Claim.
SUIT TO TEST THE
EIGHT-HOUR LAW
THE SAN FRANCISCO ' CALL, SAT DRDAY, DECEMBER -29, 1900.
Funeral Service Over Miss Jackson.
All that is earthly of Miss Virginia
1 Jackson, the brijrht and talented young
r fillfornla actress 1 , whose body arrived In
this, city from New York last Wednesday,
'* now d<T*>sit*-d in an urn In Odd Fel-
Iowb* Cemetery. The process of reduction
took place yesterday afternoon in the
r nce of thr- relatives and friends of
'•*' young lady «n the cremator}'. Previous
t*> this religious services were held in the
mortuary chapel adjoining. Dr. John
Hessphill ofBclatedL
Doubt Cast Upon the Story of Alleged
SMYTHE R.EUO V -ERTN"O.
"Blonde Woman."
INDIANAPOLIS. Dec. 28.— The condi
tion of "William H. Smythe, the grand
secretary, of the P. and A. Masons of
Indiana, who was mysteriously shot yes
terday, was much. Improved to-day and
he may recover. .
The theory :1s gradually gaining cred
ence that the story of an unknown wo
man having 1 done the shooting is un
founded. Friends of Mr. Smythe refuse
to talk of the affair, except to say that
they know nothing about It. A mystery
which 'cannot be explained by the pollco
and detectives, who entertain the suicide
theory,' is the disappearance of the revol
ver with which the shooting. was done.
LIMA. Peru, via Galveston, Dec. 23.— The
Peruvian Government has finally issued a de
cree directing that the new customs tariff shall
come Into force May 1, 1901.
Court Notes.
Rudolph Urbals. as administrator of tha
estate of the late Hugh Dolan. Emma Do
lan Mrs B. 8. Coffman, A. T. Stanwood
ana Mrs. A. T. Stanwood. filed eult yes
terday against Chanes H. Dolan, dece
a>nfp pon, to set aside a deed executed
by th« <jeceased conveying to the defend
ant property at Bryant and Twenty
fourth r'reets valued at J15.000. Plaintiffs,
who ar< heirs at law of t n « 8^;,? 1 "
\ec? lhat the defendant, while his father
was ill and under the Influence of liquor,
on December 29. 1R33. coerced him Into ex
ocuiirij? the deed In auestion.
UNFAVORABLE BEFOST
ON EMBARRASSED BANK
Bankruptcy Proceedings , Began
Against Director of a Prus
sian Institution.
BERLIN, Dec. 28.— The special commit
tee appointed to Investigate the affairs of
the Deutsche Grundschuld Bank, one of
the embarrassed mortgage banks, report
ed to-day In the most unfavorable vein.
The holders of obligations of the institu
tion will meet to-morrow.
The Potsdam. court has opened bank
ruptcy proceedings against the estate of
Herr Sanden. . recently- a director of the
Prussian Hypotheken ¦ Aktlen ' Bank, now
under; arrest - in - connection ¦ with t the em
barrassment of that ¦ Institution, with a
view of protecting the Interests of the
bank'" creditors. The newspapers assert
that the greater part of Randen's fortune
Is safely invested in England. •¦•
o ¦'¦
11
Per a Cold in tho HeaJ.
Laxative Bromo-Quinlne Tablets 'THE SAOST FRANCISCO CALL., SATURDAY., -DECEMBER 29, 1900.
12
SAA FRAJVCISCO CALL.
BUFINl^FS OFFICE of The San Francisco
Call. fcrn?r of Market and Third street*; ©pea
tstll 12 o'clock every r.ight In the year.
P RANCH OFFICES— 527 Montgomery etre*t.
ccrr.er Clay; cpen until S:SO p. m.
£00 Ksyes street: cpen until !:J0 p. m.
rss McAllister street; open until 9:30 p. ra.
OS Lark'.r. etrcet: open until 9:33 p. m.
1*41 Mistlcn street; open until 10 p. m.
r?ei Market etreet. ccrner Sixteenth; open
trnti! S r. m.
106 Eleventh street; cpen until * p. ra.
"C56 Valencia street: cpen until I p. m. _ -
ICorthu-ert corner Twenty-second and Ken-
tucky street*: ever, 'irstil > p. m.
MEETING NOTICES.
EXCnLSIOR Lodge No. 166. F. and A. ¦
M —gpec'.sl meeting THIS (SATI'R-
DAT) EVENING. December 29. atT:30*Ji3r
o'clock. Installation of ofn-.-ers. ' ""r *
THEO. I-. SMITH, Secretary.
MISSION Lcisre No. 163. F. and A. M.— «
Called meeting THIS (SATURDAY) J\^
EVEXINfi at T:3n o<~'.ncA. Thini dt-XX
frr<*. GEO. I>. FLACK. Secretary. / "•
THE California Debrl* Commission, having re-
oeiveil applications to mine by the- hydraulic
pr^c-e:!* ir.m John Cosia el ai.. in the L,ady's
rannn Mine, t.t-ar Sierra City. Sierra Co.. to
depoatt tailings in wnrlred-out p\t*; from \V. VI.
iSutfley «"t -•« to :'.".e Dudley P'.accr Min*.
r:*?.r Sortb Colombia. Nevada. Co.. to deposit
;a!!ir.p;y hi i'. "rwrt*4-Ottl pit: from th«* E»kI;
<>oi<5 Mining «>>-. in the Keich^l Claim, near
U«untat!i Dapcta. Cslavems Ov. to deposit
tailir.gs in Murray Cn*k. and from the Em-
ery C,..ld Mining and Water Co., in the Rose
H:'.l Mire, nea:- BloUBt-in Ranch. CaJaveras
Co-, to deposit tailings in Murray Creek, gives
notice that a meeting; -riil be held at room 59,
Flood builJlriK. San Francisco, Cal., on Jan-
uary "4. 1201, at 1:"3 p. m.
EPF.ING Valley Water V.'orks— Annual Meeting
—The ar.r.ual meeting of the stockholders of
the fcrrinK Valley Water Works will be heid
et the efflce of the company. No. 12G Stock-
tcr. street. San Francisco. California, at 12
oclork M.. on WEDNESDAY, the 9th day
cf January. 1901. ta elect trustees tc serve
for the ensuing year and ior the transaction
of euch ether business as may come before
ibe zr.eetir.g. Fan Francisco, California.
PELHAM IV. AMES. Secretary.
THTZ ann-jal meeting of the stockholders of the
Nevsria National Bank cf San Francisco. Cal.,
will t« held at its banking house, 301 Mcnt-
pcrrwT p t. . San Francisco. Cal.. on TUES-
r>AT. January 8. 1?<.'1. at 2:15 o'clock p. m.,
tnr the election of directors to serve for the
< r.rviriK year an3 the transaction of cuch
rther business as m«y come before the meet-
ing. GEO. GRANT, Cashier.
San Francisco. December S. 1900.
AGENTS WA.MKD.
SOLICITORS •¦•anted: men cr women; good
?alsries warranted; payable either weekly or
rr.onthly: exj<ons^s paid. S-7 Market, rm. fili.
ADOPTION.
A <JOOI> fccme cpen for cirl or boy baby. Add.
Mrs. ">r Funkf. H1C Eighth Ft.. Alameda.
AM'HALTl.M KOOF1XG.
J. PELTLEB. asrhs.it roufins. sidewalks re-
paired: postal. J1S« Mlfficn: tel. Fclsam 1607.
ASTROLOGY.
DR. C. TOUSET TAYLOR. Scientific Astrolo-
ger — Free copy 'The New Moon." 76*. Market.
ATTOUXEYS AT LAW.
R. W. KING. 927 Marker St.. 6th floor, room 627
— F.EtatPs. damages, attachments, bankruptcy,
collections; all cases; fair fee; no advance
cfcartes; loans on estates. Tel. Howard 1537.
ADVICE iree; divorce law a specialty; private;
no fe* without success: collections. O. W.
HOWE, atty at law, Ko Market, cor. Stockton.
)"RANK XV. SMITH; mining and probate law a
specialty. Mills big., r. 3, 4th Cr.: tel. Red 8618.
AUVICE tree; no charge unless successful. W.
W. DAVIDSON. S27 Market tt. opp. Mason.
:. EDW. JARRETT, Hearst bldg.. Third aad
Market Eta.: phone Red £162.
L. P. CLAP.IC Emma Epreckels bldg.. 827 Mar-
ket ft.: ccr.sultaticn tree: no fees in advance.
BICVCLES--Por Sale or ESxctiansre.
ALLEN tells the Best bicycles. Columbia.
Fpalding. Barnes, Hartford, Monarch, Stor-
rr.er. Pennant. $20 up. 301 Larkin & 1970 Page.
BOARDING KOR CHILDREN.
A LADY wbu!d like a child to board. Inquire
4TP JrFFie at.
BCSIM3SS CHANCES.
A— $275; CORNER saloon in the MissionTTent
J2':; l^ase; rood-paying business. Call R. O.
WILKK. 26i» Kearny et.
A $750 CORNER grocery and bar, with u fur-
nirhed rooms; rent $40; finest business corner
in Western Addition; is doing a splendid
Hisinets. Call R. G. WILKE. 26U Kearny st.
A 1300 RESTAURANT In the Mission, kept by
r>re«em owner 8 years, and always cleared
above 5125 per mcr.th; rent $25; wlth"8 rooms,
545. Call R. G. WILKE, £«H Kearny st.
A 12*06 CORNER grocery and bar on Nineteenth
ft., known as one of ths best paying corner
rrocer;p? In this city; rent $40; stock will in-
voice COCO; horse and wagon; only reason for
felling, owners to retire. Call R. G. TVILKE.
:*'•* Ktarny et. .
A—VXi; restaurant with 25 furnished rooms. In
ftcckton; rent $;*•; 2 years' lease; owner to
leave ior F.ast; must sell quick; a good-paying
rufinpyf. Call R. G. WILKE, 26^ Kearny st
A— JCC: : KESTAURAM and cnophouee opp. R.
R. cable house; rent $20; good paying place;
investigate eocn. as rare chance. Call R. G.
WILKE, I6U Kearny et.
A— J5000— LEADING barroom of this city; es-
tablished roar.y years and doing a first-class
payir.f? fcuyiness; place is located near Kearny
and Market st*. ; above $2500 dock on ha_d:
tplendid bargain: owner must leave the city
at once to atf'n'J business north. Call R. G.
WILKE. 26^ Kearny st.
A-J12"*; CORNER grocery and bar. one block
fo-th cf McAllister st: rent $45: 4^4 years'
lease: stock will invoice the price; a good-
paying business and eEtablished many years.
«-gll It. G. WILKE. 26^4 Kearny St.
i-£ $?oo $$oo
CORNER GROCERY. -
FULL VALUE IN STOCK.
FINK IIORf=E AND WAOON.
Means a fortune to any one possessing aver-
r.jre busings ability; no room to doubt; must
t-^ll: retiring. STEXBEnG CO.. 759. Market.
A— WANTUD— A good tenant for grand cor-
ner *tore and basemer.t with fixtures suit-
ebic for grocery business; special lnduee-
mepts. Apply FPECK & CO.. €«7 Market
$ir.ft AND J'JOO— Restaurants, all complete, in
•r<v~.rl iTations; alefi restaurant with bar. on
water front. U. McRAE Furniture Co., SS7
M'.ffiin «.
Cr;KFnE ar.d tea route; over GOO good paying
CL-storr.'-rs: the buEinens clears $100 per
tr.orith: trial. LANE & CO.. 86S Market st
A— RESTAURANT; <~ai!y sales $20; price J400;
reat $22 50; fine for man and wife. MARION
_CK~FT!X. 719 Market st. by Call building.
WO— GRAND opportunity for lady or gent : loca-
tion rx-rfect: cijrars. stationer?-, notions. Wait-
ir.f-room, 232-ave. station. East Oakland.
PARTY with Jirxo to take *i Interest and raan-
-gemer.t of jro--d pajing established business;
fullegt Investlcatton invited. Box HI. Call.
rOWNTO-iVN rrstauraht; bareain if sold Dec.
£1: will trade; no agents. 1C3 Murphy bldg.
V.'ANTEr>— Bakf-ry bueinew, city or country;
store trade hutginesK preferred. Box 837. Call.
TOR sa> cheao — Handy ftore _ad factors';
j-tuse of ri.le. sickness. BU Larkin et.
HeSTauraXT: bargain; paying business;
rheap TPint: good location. 369 Hayes st
a— Plat the races- •
:? to so vrr cent profit monthly on cur new
fy«em; call and Investigate. N. & HAND A
rp.. expert handi cappers, cult 12. 84 Kearny.
WANTED— A rood man with JiOO or $1000 cap-
ital to buy Jlvery stable In a first-class coun-
try town; cheap renu Particulars at 48
TOR RALE— On account sickness the Working!
rr.*n « Home *alocn. C26 Sacramento St. In-
'julre prcrr.ises.
FOB PALK— A good-paying fruit itand. IST6
Market fit; a bargain.
A-NICE taJoon: must b« •.old; good reason for
seeing. 170 Sevc-nth at., oorner Natoma.
KKSTAURAN.T; must sell In two days; cartr
leaving dty. Owner, 1805 Kaight Bt.
FOR «a>-FmaH restaurant; cheap; 2 11 vine
roomt. Box S£S. Call offlpe. w
51 2R-<X>FFT-t: saloon, rTeTr Market; also res-
taurant for $250; must r«>'.1. Apply M7 Mlsilor.
trs~ HALF Interest in tplendid lorJ printinr
office: good trade. 402 McAllister st.
OX account of dissolution of partnership will
-ell rmall. payang rehtaurant. Bos 860, Call.
% SIIOESHOP for sale; good trade; bargain."
Can 421 Turk tt. ' ***-"--•
BAKKnV to l^t. Tw»Tjty-fourth and Guerrero-
rrtabli&hc-d rix ye«r»; good corner; rent cheap.
JSt WINS $300 per month at races; references
Clven. Information Lyons. IC1 Market r. 4.
!;AKEnr-H«t location in the city: fine etore
trade. Addr<^s Box 3S21. Call office.
O.ASFIKIKD advertisements and tubscrlptlons
n-ctlwd at Call branch office, 2200 Flllmore st.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
Furwwrirrtlons baa been established at ¦ 13*6
V&.f-r.cla ft. . |l illlla* i ¦IVlid'flllli
LODGING-HOUSES FOR MALE.
MONET loaned on lodging-houses, m p. c. ;
— nythlng you want in lodging-houses; s'mpls:
6 rooms en Turk st. ......rent $27.. Price.'.. $300
7 rooms on Larkin st.....rent $40.. Price... 6450
10 rooms on Taylor et rent $40.. Price... $560
12 rooms on OTarrell at. .rent $50. .Price... $550
12 rooms on Mason et rent {35. .Price... S359
U rooms on O'Farrell St.. rent $66.. Price..; $750
1« rooms on Turk st rent $85. .Price... $S00
16 rooms on Howard St.. ..rent $25. .Price... $750
17 rooms on Taylor st rent $80.. Price.. -$147S
19 rooms on Taylor st rent $75.. Price. ..S1250
24 rooms on Leav. st rent $12S.. Price. ..$1900
S7 rooms on Powell St.. ..rent $175. .Price.. .$1900
44 rooms on Market st...rect $175. .Price. ..$2400
More money wanted to loan on lodging- "
houses on 1-3 value at I per cent up;
Flit-edge security: no expense to lender.
For quick sales list yo»)r houses with A. L.
' WILLEY. £16 Market St.; phone Black 5216.
60 ROOMS; newly furnished; rent $_» $3000
43 rooms: apartment: rent $120: price.... 8000
37 rooms; money-raukcr; near Market.... 1900
22 rooms; Market; go<>d location 1000
20 rooms; Van Ness; finely furn.; extra... 950
18 rooms; Eddy; Just cut: onlyl 850
?3 rooms; Market: elegantly furnished... 1950
15 rooms; Leavenworth: rent $S7 50 900
10 roomiF. $4.-!<>; 10 rooms, quick 850
20 rooms; detached: handsome yard, with
drive to barn and lease $10 month, leaving
rent only JC5 month; clears $100 month; spe-
cial Biian. FISHER A. CO., 1032 Market at.
i" _____ ~
i 2T-ROOM boarding-house; north of Market.
! 12 rooms; on Eddy Bt.
j i'l room*; on Kearny st.
I Fee larice list of many other bargains at office.
¦ EMEKT & CO.. 3 Eddy St.. rooms 1 and 2.
I BOARDING ar.d lodging house; 40 rooms: flo-
! i!v fine bar trade: cheap: sold on account of
sickness. PATTERSON & CO., 11 City Hall
j square.
j LAUCjKST list laicing-houses; good bargains;
j money loaned on furniture. SCHWEINHARD.
! rm-. 1-2, 917 Market «t. bet. Fifth and Sixth.
j LODGING bouse and restaurant tn Stockton;
! rood for man and wife. Address JOHN Me-
; KINSEY. C47 West Market st.. Stockton.
i GOOD-PAYING rooming-house of 32 rooms for
| sale; located at 1122 Market et. Call and se«
proprietor; good reason for selling:
• $1100— «0 ROOMS; fine location; well furnished;
j all rented: low rent. BASILS. 8 Eddy st.
SPIRITUALISM.
j MRS~DR FARNHAM," woria"7«^no'w_ea i spirit^
I ual medium: advice In all affairs of life, law-
I suits, divorces, deaths; unites the separated:
'¦ mining a specialty; cirs. Sun.. Wed., Frl.ev's.
i come and be convinced. Permanently located
! 613 Eday st.. bet. Hyde and Larkln; no sign.
! EARLE, 305 Taylor Bt. oorner Ellis— Sittings ;
I daily; #»ancr Sunday, Tuesday and Thursday.
j MME. MAJORS, gifted spiritual medium,
j healer and card reader. 14S Eddy st.
FRIENDSHIP Hall. 235 McAllister-Mrs. C. J. ,
Meyer, sittings daily: tests to all to-night; 10c. :
MRS. J. J. WHITNEY, trance, bus. medium, ;
j life reader, med. clairvoyant. 1161 O'Farrell. ¦
j C Mayo-Steers. 112Vi Oak, trance medium;
! readings. $1: hours. 1-5 p. m. ; tel. Howard 527.
CLAIRVOYANTS.
! MRS. DR. F. CLARK, the well-known trance'
medium, is permanently located at 1206 Market
I tt.. corner of Golden Gate ave., rooms 25 and ,
i "6; take elevator. Perfect satisfaction guar- ¦,
I anteed by mall. Send stamp for pamphlet
¦; with special terms. Dally and Sunday.
. THE Quaker medium, clairvoyant and palmist:
! IB years experience: lier knowledge of the un-
i £een forces is invaluable to professional and
I buslnet- men, to wives and lovers; follow her
I advice and you will make no mistake. 1104
Market St., corner 11 n son, room 28.
MME. PORTER, wonderful clairvoyant & card
reader, born with double veil— second sight;
diagnoses disease with life reading; ladies 50c;
| gents $1: palm, and clalr. sit. $1 50. 126 Turk.
MME. BERNARD reads life fluently; advice
given in all affairs of life; satisfaction guar-
[ anteed; 26c up. 17 Third St.. next Examiner.
ISMAR. the Egyptian gypsy clairvoyant and
palmist, permanently located 114S Market, opp.
I 6th; private readings daily, 10 a. m. to 5 p. m.
MRS. F. CORNELIA, formerly Mrs. Anthony,
hag returned to business; clairvoyant and
card reader; ladlea 25c. gents COc. 46 7th st.
I MRS. MELVILL, well-known clairvoyant and
' water reader. 11 Sixth ft; German spoken.
! MME. ECHAFFER, clairvoyant, card reader;
| fittings dally. 44SH Jessie st.
MME. ZEREDA. the g}'P«y. is the great palm-
ist and card rearder; 25c. 7 Seventh ct.
MME. AUGUST, clairvoyant, card reader and !
palmistry; truth or no pay; 25c 1149 Mission.
MRS. E. M. DUVAL, clairvoyant and business
medium. 215 Kearny et. rooms 8-10.
MME. RAVENNA reads life fluently: business
advice: names Blven: 25c up. 5 Fourth et.
j CARPET BEATI3TG A>D CLEANING.
j WHEN you become disgusted with poor work ;
send to EPAULDING'S Pioneer Carpet-Beat- :
i Ing Works. 353-357 Tehama st; tel. South 40. !
I STANDARD. 313 Guerrero— Curtains and blan- ;
keu renovated. 25c per pair: carpets cleaned. :
2c yd; laying a specialty. Phone Mission *j)6.
j CARPETS cleaned at 3c per yard, laid at 5c.
STRATTON'S. 3 Eighth st ; tel. Jessie 944.
J. E. MITCHELL, Carpet-Beating and Reno-
vating Co.. 240 Fourteenth st. ; tel. Mission 74.
ADVANCE Carpet-Cleaning Co.. 402 Sutter st;
tel. Main 394. GEO. WALCOM. Proprietor.
COX-KLIN'S Carpet-Beating Works, 333 Golden
Gate ave.: telephone East 12t.
CARRIAGES AND WAGONS.
AN A No. 1 express wagon, single, also light
camping- waron, for rale cheap. 532 Mission.
NEW & rd-hand wagons,, buggies, cart* & har-
ness, work & driving horses. 15th & Valencia.
FOR sale — Horse, harnees and top wagon; a
bargain. 242 Bartlett Bt.
CHIROPODISTS.
; CORNB. bunions. Ingrown nails, warts, chll-
i blains: painless cure. Dr. Duncan. 415 Sutter.
j COLLECTION OFFICES.
! GEORGE W. KELLY'S Agency— No charge un-
' less successful. Room 310. 927 Market st.
! [ DENTISTS.
] AT the ELECTRO-DENTAL CLINIC^ 809 Mar^
ket st . cor. 4th. rrn. 7, Flood bldg:., you can
I have your extractions done painlessly; teeth
I without plates our specialty; gold crowns, '
j $3 r.o up; plates, extractions free. $4 60 up; of-
i See hours, 9 a. m. to 13 p. m. ; Sundays, 9 to 3
p. m. Q. W. WILLIAMSON. M.D.. Manager, i
A— DISCOUNT of 20 per cent" Tor 30 days on all
i plates, crowns and brldgework. See our new
I unbreakable plate, the Rose Pearl, warranted
for 20 years: crowns, $3 50: fillings. 50c: plates.
$5. full set: alt work painless and warranted. J
Chicago Dental Parlors, 24 Sixth st. j
EIGHT prizes for best crowns, plates, bridges
and fillings; extractions or fillings by my won-
i derful secret, painless method; 20 years' ex-
perience; no student*: advice free: prices
cheapest and guaranteed; lady attendants.
DR. GEORGE W. LEEK. 20 O'Farrell gt.
DR. LUDLUM HILL, 1415 Market, nr. Eleventh
— No charge for extracting when plates are
made: old plates made over like new; teeth
irom $S per set; extracting, SOc; gas given.
THE New York Dentists have moved to SOS
Mission st. cor. Sixth. Consult us on crowns
and bridges: difficult plate work solicited;
positive painless extraction. EOc. ¦
MODERN DENTAL PARLORS. 1206 Market
•t.; expert extract in?, crown and bridge work.
A. L. SIMPSON. D. D. S.
PARIS Dental Parlor. _?5 Kearny. cor. Bush—
- Full set of teeth. S4; crowns. $3; fillings, 25c.
VAN VROOM— "Painless" ; evenings and Sun-
days. .1001 Market ft. corner Sixth.
SET of teeth without plates. DR. H. Q:
YOUNG. 1841 Polk Kt.
DRESS3IAKERS AND SEAMSTRESSES
MeDOWELL Dressmaking and Millinery School:
patterns cut; evening class. 1019 Market Bt.
ACCORDION pleating factory; all kinds pleat-
Ing, pinking. 121 Postover O'Connor & Moffatt.
EDUCATIONAL.
EVENING "SCHOOL. 6. "fT "BUSINESS COL-
LEGE. 1236 Market *t; Individual Instruction
In bookkeeping, shorthand. English branches;
civil service coaching; - tuition $S month.
ALL students but tiro taking full oours« this
year got positions. SAN FRANCISCO BUSI- !
NESS COLLEGE. 1236 Market st.
AYRES' Business College. 723 Market st— Day
and evening: $8 per month; $50 life scholar-
ship guarantees a complete business educa- !
lion. Including the commercial and shorthand .
courses; 154 positions secured for our students '
during the past S months; catalogue free.
GALLAGHER-MARSH College. Parrott Bldg.—
btiortha nd, typing and bookkeeping; Robert F.
Gallagher, expert court reporter, teacher of
shorthand; reportorlal phrasing taught; prac-
tical bookkeeping, full course, $50; catalogue.
HKALD-S BUSINESS COLLEGE. 24 Post st.
S. F. — Bookkeeping. . shorthand, typing. Ian- ;
guages. telegraphy, English branches, civil,
fleet rical and mining engineering, etc.; day
and night sessions; new 80-page catalogue free.
CALIFORNIA BUSINESS COLLEGE has posl-
tiens guaranteed to it by , written contract. !
•nd con therefore with confidence - guarantee
positions to all Its graduates. 305 Larkln St.
MISS M. «. BARRETT. Shorthand Academy;
lesi-ons by mall; acknowledged' by official re-
porters best teacher, best system. 202 Montgy.
FRENCHMAN will irfve lessons; violin : and
convenation. ANTOINE, 304 Stockton, r. I. .
I . BPPCATIOXAL.
A — THE LYCEUM, an accredited preparatory
school for the university, law and medical col-
leges ; •. references. President' Jordan or any
Stanford professor. Phelan building.
ATTENTION!— Tarr's pupils thorough book-
keeping figures; short time; college graduates
, perfected: expert accounting. 220 Parrott bid.
EJfGIXEERINO. civil, elec., minlnj5,mech.,Bur-
vey. assay, cyanide, arch. ; day. eve. ; est. 1S64.
¦VAN PER NAILLEN SCHOOL. 833 Market.
governese: English branches, piano
I j and bookkeeping; EOc a lesson. Box 747, Call.
l MUNSON, School Shorthand. Typing Bookkeep-
I Ing. Spanish. 137 /Jonfy. E. M. Carpenter, pr.
TEACHERS' Agrcy. A,McNlell,Mgr..r. 31, Flood
bldg.; high school, grammar, private teachers.
MR.' and MRS. D. MANSFIELD, music studio,
violin, guitar, mandolin, banjo. 1828 Eddy st.
ILLUSTRATION— PARTINGTON'S DAY and
ILLUSTRATION: night class. 424 Pine st.
ARITHMETIC, bookkeeping, grammar, writing.
etc.. day or eve.; $5 mo. 1024 Mission, nr. 6th.
CHEAPEST and best in America— The Weekly
Call. 16 pages, sent to any address In th#
__Unlted States or Canada one year for tl. ¦
& EMPLOYMENT OFFICES. {
A— JAPANESE ard Chinese employment con-
1 tractor; estab. over 10 years; all kinds help.
' * 21 Post st., near Powell; telephone Bush 135.
j JAPANESE responsible housecleanlng co. ; est.
t 15<0; practical recommend: trv them: removed
[ to 410 Devlsaoero; tel. Fell 136. F. HAM AD A.
j JAPANESE and Chinese employment office!
1 test help. '26 O'Farrell st. ; tel. Hyde 2151.
ABC EMPLOYMENT Offlw: ChTneseTjaran-
ese help fur. 844 California; phone Jaines/2601.
RELIABLE Japanese-Chinese employment of-
flce: all kinds help. 315 Stockton; Main 5188.
j OKPHEUM Employment OfHce— Japanese, Chl-
! nege help. 42tS Powell, nr. Sutter: tel. Black 5072.
j CHINESE and Japanese Employment Office-
Best help. 411% O'Farrell St.: tel. East 426.
i —————————»—— —i — — — — — i — — — __ _____ __—__ _-___. ____«
-MPLOYMBVV WANTED PEUALB.
A YOUNG woman wishes a place: light house-
work; S10. MR6. NORTON. 813 Sutter Et.
COMPETENT girl wishes position, cooking or
housework; $J5; reference where presently
employed. Address MISS B. CONWAY, Post-
offlce. Twentieth and Mission sts. -..
COMPETENT Swedish girl wishes position to
do second work in city; wages $25. Apply at
266 Tenth st.. Swedish Baptist Church.
| EXPERIENCED nurse, city references, desires
situation; Invalid, mental or nervous cases.
Box 847. Call office.
WOMAN wants laundry work or housecleanlng
or nurse for invalid by the day or week.
Box B. Call branch office, 300 Hayes st.
WOMAN wishes position as housekeeper; city
preferred. 998 Market st. • . . :
I POSITION as stencgrapher and typewriter; ex-
| perlenced. Address L. S.. 2606 Folsom ft. j
i WOMAN wants work by the day. 1118 How-
i ard st.
I WANTED— A trustworthy person would like
I position In institution as seamstress or care
of linen-room, or any position of trust. Box
I S61. Call office. ,
A NEAT young lady wishes a position as
. cashier in restaurant or bakery or lady's
maid. 4 Vernon place, off Hawthorne St., be-
tween Folsom and Harrison.
MIDDLE-AGED lady would like a position to
take care of a child or Infant; reference if re-
quired. Box 862. Call office.
POSITION by commercial graduate as stenog-
rapher, assistant bookkeeper and typewriter.
Address D., 1941 Mission st. ¦ - ¦ :
WANTED— Position a» copyist by a refined,
competent young lady. Box S73, Call office.
WINCHESTER House. 44 Third st. near Mar-
ket— 200 rooms; 25c to $1 60 night. $1 60 to $S
week: convenient and respectable; frs« 'bus
and bagrgage to and from ferry.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subacriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Flllmore at.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at - 10M
Valencia at. ' . .
EMPLOY3IEXT WANTED — MALE.
SALESMAN, experienced in wholesale grocery
line, desires position in that or good specialty
line; city or suburban towns; good referenceo.
Box S76. Call office. - . - ¦ .
| SITUATION wanted by good cook and baker
and all kinds of smalls; strictly sober; good
references: city or country, hotel or boarding-
house. Box S42, Call.
STEADY young man of 23 would like Job of
driving a small dairy route, in country town;
can milk. Address room 5, 4094 Twelfth St.,
i Oakland.
I __ —
¦ PRIGHT; young man wishes a position -with
I some firm as clerk, copyist or collector: A
j No. 1 references. Address box 851, Call.
j SITUATION wanted by coachman from ths
i East; fully understands the care of fine
! horses and carriages. Box £52, Call office.
WANTED--By a middle-aged man. employ-
ment as night watchman or shipping. clerk;
bonds If required. Box S4S, Call office.
COACHMAN wants situation; is' first-class
gardener and driver; . sober, reliable, trust-
worthy; very best references. Box 845, Call.
NO. 1 bookkeeper and office man, long buslnevs
experience, good references. Is open for posi-
tion at once. Box S75. Call office.
GOOD middle-aged hotel waiter desires steady
position. Address H. KIEHL, New Atlantic
Hotel, 207 Montgomery ave.
BY a' middle-aared. sober man, situation as
watchman, porter "or work in store; bonds
and references furnished. M., 1036 Valencia.
ENGINEER and machinist wants position as
engineer; young man: references. Address
M. A. S., box 8S4, Call office.
EALESMAN, experienced In wholesale grocery
line, desires position In that or good specialty
line; city or suburban towns; good references.
Box 876. Call office.
A MIDDLE-AGED man, practical gardener,
wishes a position In good private family; cat.'
do all kinds of works around the house. Box
SS2, Call office. ¦
SITUATION by young Swlsai with extended
business experience, knowing thoroughly Ger-
man, French, Italian and English; best refer-
! ences. Box 889, Call office.
NO. 1 bookkeeper and office man. long business
experience, good reforonces, IS" open for posi-
tion at once. Box &75. Call office.
EXPERIENCED office man wishes situation as
bookkeeper, accountant or other office work:
security given if wanted. A. B.. box 722. Call.
ANY kind of work by strong young man. R.
NOLLEROTH. 1011 Twelfth St., Oakland.
JAPANESE strong boy wants- situation as
ehamberworlier or plain cook: willing to
work. S. R-. box 839, Call office. .
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has - been . established at 1096
Valencia st.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office, 2200 Fillmore St.
EXCHANGE.
IF you want to buy. sell or exchange anything
• on earth. se« E. J. LUNDIN. (35 Market Bt.;
BOO shares gilt edge ojl stock; sacrifice.
FEATHER PILLOWS.
HOTELS and private parties wlshinr to have
their feather pillows . clsaned and renovated
by the latest sanitary process may - address
FEATHER FACTORY. 244 ¦ Stevenson . St.
FLATS TO LET.
A SUNNY flat; 4 rooms and bath; good condi-
tion; $14.-39 Langton St., near Seventh. . .
A 6UNNY upper flat of. 4. rooms; good condi-
tion; J10. 118 Perry at, near Third.
IF you want to move get printed list flats to let
from BALDWIN & HOWELL, 10 Montgomery.
SIXTH, 636A— Nice upper flat. 6 rooms, bath.
yard,- rear entrance; rent $12. '
$14^-NEW flat: 4 large, sunny rooms; water
free. 22 Sumner. St., oft Howard, nr. Eighth.
! $11 B0— UPPER flat 4 rooms; .lower <flaf $9 5(T
129 Ivy ave., corner Van Ness, nr. Hayes st.
4 FLATS to let; rent < $10.*.' St. 14-14^ Bruce
place, off Folsom.' bet. Seventh and Eighth.
4 LARGE sunny rooms: modern Improvements.
16 Lloyd -St., off Scott, • near Waller. ,¦ ..
$7— 4-ROOM flats on Victor st.. off Bryant, bet.
7th and Sth. Inquire at grocery. 9<1 Bryant.
FlIRXITDRE FOR SALE.
4 ROOMS furnished Jn'oall^ $48 40/ w1«Tno~7
range. King Furniture Co.;' 1127-1121. Market.
FOR sale— New furniture of ¦ seven-room flat;
must sell at once. : WSO Ellis st. '
FURNITURE of 4 rooms for sale cheap; rooms
for rent cheap; no dealers. 128A Eighth st. v
FURNITURE to- private t parties; almost -new;
call hours 9 to 11 a. m. 3570 Seventeenth st.
; FURNITURE WANTED.
CHA8. LEVY buys , your_: furniture, . carpets,
pianos, etc. - 1135 Market St.; tel. Jessie 761. -
TO receive highest value for fur,, carpets, etc..
*ee W. E. CODY. 757 . Mission. . tel. Red 3353. -
A. WOLLPERT. 773 Minion St., , pays highest
price for eecond-hani furniture: tel.- Red 1354.
Auctioneer— L. Vincent, 1305 Larkin; tel. Polk6Jl;
furniture & f urn'd houses bought ; spot cash.'
HELP WAX'fED FEMALE.
C. R. HANSEN & CO.... ..Phone Grant ISc
........... HOTEL DEPARTMENT. ...........
!2» waltr "ses. first-class commercial hotels,
. J20 and $22 50; i waitresses, city. J20; 3 cham-
peTmalds, to wait, $20; housekeeper for room-
ing-house, $20, seo party here: chambermaid
for day work, rooming-house, sleep home, $:0;
and many other really good positions.
, .......... FAMILY DEPARTMENT.
Cook for men, .see party here, $25; 30 hous«
girls, 2 second girls, nurse iirls. etc. C. R.
HANSEXt CO.. 104 Geary st. •
WOMAN cook for 10 men. country. $25, see
party her*. 10 a. m. C. R. HANSEN & CO.,
104 Geary gt. .
S FIRST-CLASS waitresses. Los Angeles; $20.
- fre« fare. : C. R. HANSEN & CO.. 104 Geary.
CHAMBERMAID, hotel, $20; cook. WO; second
girl, >~0. MRS. NORTON, 313 Sutter st.
OPERATORS on underskirts, waists, lawn
hats and caps: also two tuckers: steady work.
BAUER BROS. CO., 21 Sansome st.
WANTED— Dressmaker; must understand fit-
tins of tailor suits and waists; pleasant,
sunny rooms. Box 846, Call. .
GIRL to take care of child and assist with light
housework: must sleep home. 53 Elgin Park
ave.; call 12 to 2.
WANTED — An experienced - saleslady in dry
goods store; must speak French or Italian;
reference?. Box 844. Call orflce. |
YOUNG girl living in neighborhood: sleep
home: 1 understands cooking; small family.
723'j Turk St. ¦ , . ¦ ¦
GIRL wanted to take care of child in small
family; pood home guaranteed. Apply. 50!
Natoma at.
I MIDDLE-AGED woman to take chares of two
I chlldrgn : wages $15. 3S Belvedere St.
YOUNG girl to assist in housework: wages $10.
I Call between 9 and 2. 2018 Mission st.
GIRL or younp woman for light housework.
Call at 325H Bush st.
GIRL wanted— Girl to do plain cooking; wagei
S30. 1511 Larkln tt.
WANTED — An experienced chocolate dipper at
148 Fourth et. * ¦ ¦
GIRL to do light housework and plain cooking;
sleep at home. Apply 120 Twelfth st.
WANTED— A young girl to wait at table. Call
at 619 Post st. -
SEWING Machine operators wanted at Lev!
•.Strauss U. Co.'s overall factory. SZSfc Fremont
• I. Apply to MR. DAVIS.
"'• • ''V'<'' —
THREE or four young ladles of good address;
1 salary and commission. CURTIS PUBLISH-
ING COMPANY. 59 Columbian building, city.
BY a widower, a middle-aged lady to take care
of children and do general housework. Apply
3329 Twenty-cecond st.
"WANTED— A lady for housework: good home,
fair pay to right party; cal! after 2 p. m.
I 116 Taylor st.
1 WANTED— Girl photo printer. Address box
j 856: Call office.
EXPERIENCED cperators on shirts and over-
alls. HEYNEMANN & CO.. 410 Mission st.
GIRL 13 to 15 to assist In general housework;
no washing. 1512 Vallejo st.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office, 2200 Fillmore st.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 109«
Vnlenda Bt.
, . HELP WANTED— MALE.
A.i ...£0 COAL MINERS
50 COAL MINERS
50 COAL MINERS
..For Gallup, New Mexico....
— Large vein— 70 cents a ton
FREE FARE. ..FREE FARE.. .FREE FARE
....See superintendent In our office Jan. 1....
Married anil single mlnerst
..Call, phone wire, write for Information..
C. R. HANSEN & CO... ...104 Geary st.
A CORRESPONDENT familiar with Eastern
and coast trade In fruits, salmon and gen-
eral line of ' products; salary to commence
with $125. Apply to
C. R. HANSEN & CO 104 Geary st.
A JAPANESE Janitor for institution; country;
references: $35 a month and room
C. R. HANSEN & CO 104 Geary st.
AT C. R. HANSEN A CO."S.. Phone Grant 1S5
RAILROAD WORK
20 teamsters, R. R. work }2 a day
For State of Nevada Free fare
German milkers $30 to $35
6 miners, asphalt mln* J2 a day
Coachman and Kardeuer. private place, coun-
try. $30...
Gardener, private place, country $30
HOTEL DEPARTMENT...
Head waiter $ioo
6 French and Italian waiters $11 a week
'2 waiters, country hotel $30
.Colored waiter, country club $35
I Colored waiter, country hotel $25
Colored ¦ porter and elevator boy $20
LAUNDRY DEPARTMENT
Washer and starcher, - hotel.... $4S
Polisher and starcher, country laundrv...$M)
C. R. HANSEN & CO 104 Geary st.
A FIRST-CLASS head waiter! must be a
5 thoroughly- competent man; one who has been
In business for himself preferred; $100. Apply
C. R.. HANSEN & CO 104 Geary st.
A— MURRAY & READY Phone Main 6S4S
...Leading Employment and Labor Agents...
WANT. 7 A. M. TO-DAY
Carpenter for a large company '. .$3 a day
Choreman. private place, see boss here; handy
man, country - residence, $25 and found; 4
{arm hands, $20 and $26 and found; cabinet-
• maker; farmer and wife; boys- to learn trade;
150 woodchoppers an«l tlemakers. fare paid
for tiemakera. MURRAY & READY, 634-
636 Clay st. ¦
A— WOODCHOPPERS SEE BOSS HERE
10 men to cut pine and oak wood. $1 25. {1 60
cor-1, tools, cabins, provisions furnished; see
hoss at our oto to-day. MURRAY &
READY, 634-636 Clay st.
A— DISHWASHER for' club, country. $20 and
found: second cook, mine, $40 and found; 2
waiters, $40 and found: cooks, $30 to. $50 and
found; waiters; German butcher; baker, coun-
try. MURRAY & READY. 634-636 Clay st.
A— WANTED '.
Night watchman for institution, near city,
Eober, reliable man, with references, about
30 years of age; $30, board, room and laundry.
W. D. EWER A CO.. 610 Clay st.>
A— WANTED '.
Blacksmith for ranch. $30, see ¦ boss here;
milker, country. $30; farmer and milk. $2";
stage drirer, $25: man about place, city, $25;
farmer, steady, place. $20; cook for boat, $40.
! "W- P., EWER A CO.. 610 Clay st.
A— 1 ELECTRICIAN. 1" shaper hand, 1 bench
hand, 3 cabinetmakers, master plumber; all
non-union. Mechanics' Registration Bureau,
410 Kearny «t., room 9; no office fees.
JOURNEYMEN Barbers' International Union
free employ, bureau; only recog. union bar-
berg. HSTurk; tel. Folsom 1583. I. Less, sec.
BARBERS' Progressive Union— Free employ-
' ment. H. Bernard. Sec-i 104 7th; tel. Jessie 152.
i WANTED— Shoe salesmen
For ' the, State of California by a larire St.
Louis manufacturer of men's, women's and
children's shoes. Box S53. Call.. ;-*
FAITHFUL persons to travel ; .salary $780 and
expenses; no c&nvassjng; inclose self-adressed
stamped. envelope. Colonial Co., Chicago.
WANTED— 500 men to go on the stage. Apply
stage door, Alhambra Theater, 11 a. m., to-
morrow, ¦ ....
BARBER wanted for ¦ Saturday, Sunday and
Monday. • 527 Broadway, near Montgomery
ave. '
«—— — ¦ . . _____ . _
BARBER wanted. 409 Pine at.
BARBER wanted for Saturday. S19 Kearny st.
WANTED— A barber Saturday from 4 to 10 p.
m. 812 Battery st.' " -
GENERAL tailor. '2804 Greenwich st. .
A STRONG boy 13 to 16 years old. BAUER
BROS. CO., 21 Sansome st.
BILLIARD table and cabinet makers. St. Ger-
main . Billiard Co., 409 Market st.
BOY to feed a Gordon press. 335 Bush st.
WANTED— A good tailor as bushelman at 625
Commercial ¦ st. ... |
AGENT to Introduce best thing on the coast.
Address Dundee Mfg. Co., 14 Flood bldg.. S.F.
WANTED— A baker, third ¦ hand, on bread and
cakes. 1829 Polk st. -.- •
BOY wanted. .Union Square Market, stalls 1-3.
WANTED — Two i painters for ' stage Saturday
morning: non-union.'.- 2401 California st.
BOY to make himself useful about house. Box
840. Call office. ¦
YOUNG waiter 'wanted. .-. 369 Hayes st.
WANTED— A good oyster cook. 135 Powell st •
-'.call, at: 8 o'clock -sharp. / -.•.-" ..-." '
BARBER'S .! Kood-payln? '5-chalr shop; central
location: old established ' place; a bargain
.. DECKBLMAN BROS., 106 Ellis st. ™v" "
GET I your shoes j half-soled whUe~vvalttng; '25c
to bOc. 56; Mission: st.. bet. 1st and 2d sts.
PROTESTANT boy. ¦ about, 1«. bright and wllN
Ing; references. Address box S71. ; Call , office.
WANTED— Alan that understands nursery work
and • florist business. Call; 500 Halght rt.;;: -
HELP WANTED— MALE.
• WANTED— Recruits for the Marine Corps. U.
S. Navy, able bodied unmarried men of good
character/between the ages or 21 and 33: not
less than 5 feet 4 indies and not over 6 feet
1 inch in height; able - to read, write and
! speak • English. For further Information ap-
ply at ths Marine Recruiting Office, 4J Ellis
it., San Francisco. Cal.
1 WANTED— A man who is or has been an en-
gineer or conductor on the S. P. R. R. : must
be a good mixer; a splendid opportunity for
the right man: must be industrious and. am-
bitious; it in doubt address or call.upon the
Syndicate Company. & Market st.
WANTED— 10 good male spinners, wages $1 SO
per day. Apply to A. W. R. BERR. super-
intendent Humboldt Bay Woolen Mill, Eu-
l reka, Cal.,
FOUR sheet I metal workers, must be union
i men, .at Flood building, on Broadway, be-
tween Buchanan and Webster, F. A. GIL-
, LEY & CO.
• MEN wanted to learn barber trade: only eight
weeks required; position guaranteed: special
Inducements: catalogue free. MOLER'S
' BARBRK COLLEGE. C33 Clay St.
¦ WANTED— Laborers and mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkln, Reno House proprietor, still
; runs Denver House.- i'17 Third St.; ISO large
rooms: 2jc per night; SI to ET.per week.
WANTED— Steady man; light Indoor work;
' will pay $30 monthly: $100 required. Mc-
i;ai ' gi ILIN & CO., 777', Market st :
WANTED— Steady'- mmi with $200, wishing, to
; Invest in good office business, can vniake a
jsocil salary. Box MS, Call office.
¦ BARBER shop for sale. 814 Mission st. •
BOY to drive wagon: help in grocery and bar;
$3 per week. Box SSI, Call office.
WANTED-rlOO men to take rooms. 10c, loc and
¦ 20o. Boston House. 930 Howard st.
COATMAKER for country. Apply REISS
| BROS., 24 Sutter st. •
ALL sizes men's shoe.', slightly damaged, half
; price. 562 Mission St., bet. 1st and 2d sts.
PENSIONS— J. H. Sh?i:ard & Co., old reliable
firm, f (XV Market, room 40. Phelan building.
MEN to learrt barber trade. 741A Howard St..
j P. F. Barber School.
SAILORS, ordinary seamen and green hands;
all parts of world. HERMAN'S, 26 Steuart.
GENTLEMEN'S suits to order. $1 per week, at
; cash prices. N. Y. Tailoring Co.. 115 Kearny.
WINCHESTER House. 44 Third st.". near Mar-
ket; 700 rooms, 25c night: reading-rooms; free
'bus and baggage to and from ferry.
; CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Flllmore st.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements anA
subscriptions has been established at 1098
Valencia st. • »
HEilOKKIIOirW.
ANY'ca^oTl J ilesrViIesrp"iles!~PllMT over 200
permanent cures among business men 'of San
t Francisco alcne; men who can be Interviewed;
j no surgery. Falves or ointments: no Interfer-
ence with business during treatment. For fur-
ther particulars add. Physician, box 19.-.0. Call.
HOUSES. LIVK STOCK! Eto Kor Sale
40 HORSES for sale; also wagons, buggies,
i carts, harness. Grand Arcade Horse Market.
I S27 Sixth St.; auction sales every Wednesday.
| EULLIVAN &- DOYLE. Auctioneers.
HOUSES .TO LKT.
A— PRINTED LIST Houses to let; send foTcir^
_cular. G. H. UMBSEN & CO., 14 Montgomery.
BEST 5-room house In city; rent $S. 1553
Kearny st.
HOUSES WANTED.
WANTED— First-class apartment house; 20 to
; . 30 rooms: newly furnished preferred; no
I agents; state terms. Address box S55, Call
j office. __^^^_
j ' .'lYFA-JTlS.-J.
PROF. RAYMOND— Strictly reliable; teaches
. hypnotism in five lessons for $5. 397 Market st.
INVALID CHAlK-i A>D TKIC1 CLKS.
EOLD and rented; niar.fr. of the Eames trtcycls
ehuir. EAMTCP TrW»l» <~« ?"*> Va-k»» •'
I ;
j LOST AM) FOUSD.
j LOST— Saturday afternoon, gold brooch, 4-leaf
clover, with single opal setting, valued as a
wedding gift; liberal reward for return. MRS.
J A. LASSER. 1223 High St., Alameda.
LOST— Family seal, heavy gold, old style.
Please return to J. O. MEYERINK. 428 San-
some St.: good reward.
1 LOST — Lady's gold watch; M. M. B. mono-
! gram: Mexican coin fob; liberal reward. Box
841. Call office.
i LOST— Black and white greyhound bitch. Ho-
j ' turn to SI Fourth st. and receive reward.
LOST — $23 reward; diamond screw earring; be-
i tween Mission and town. Return 3374 17th st.
LOST— A passbook with the Hlbernia Savings
and Loan Society of San Francisco, In the
name of MARY J. McCONAHY, No. 172-1403.
The finder will please return to bank.
FOUND— A yacht; owner can have same by
proving property and paying expenses. In-
qulre at 612Vfr Eighteenth st.
MATRIMOMAL.
; ALL gentlemen wishing to marry wealthy fend
j 10c tor latest list. MRS. HERTS'.. 7<W Kills o t.
i'
i MEDICAL.
C
J DR. G: W. O'DONNELL. moved tff 1018 Market.
,1 opp. 6th; world-renowned ladles' specialist.;.
safe, reliable; practiced in San Francisco for
years; treated thousands of cases successfully;
treatment can be ued at home; consultation
! free. After all others. fall call on him.
(MRS. DH. KOHL. »97 Market st.. cor. Sixth—
£a!e and reliable ladles', physician; treatment
$5;'positive cure guaranteed; when other*, tall
consult, tree. MRS. DR. KOHL.
MRS. DR. WTtETH, reliable specialist; 25 yrs.'
successful practice: guaranteed treatment at
office, $5; any ailment; home for patients; con-
sult free. 942 Post St.. bet. Hyde and Larkln.
DR. AND MRS. DAVIES, 1228 Market— Ladles'
specialists; 32 years' practice; positive cure
guaranteed: ladles treated can return same
day: HINDOO HERB home cure; stamps cir.
DRS. GOODWIN. 1007^4 Market, expert «on dla-
eases of women; 15 years' practice in S. F., a
: cure euaranteed; $3 at office; have cured thou-
sands of cases: unexcelled success; see free.
MRS. DR. ALLEN, IOCS Market-ladles spe-
clallst; safe and sure cure/S.*.: best care; low
'fees; when all others fail consult free.
LADIES' Home Remedy Co.. 212 Ellis at! Pri-
vate diseases of women; satisfaction guaran-
teed or money refunded: sanatorium.
DR. "WISE, the ladies' specialist. HIS Market st.
- DR. POPPER, specialist for 37 years for female
troubles. 3*2 Kearny st. ; call and see me.
MRS. DR. GWYER. ladles' specialist; home
for. patients. T04 Eddy st.
DR. NO TOY KEE. cures disease by herbs:
advice free. 704 Sacramento ?t., near Kearny.
MISCELLANEOUS — FOR SAL. .
BOILERS, Engines. 2d-hand machinery. Mo-
INTOSH & WOLPMAN. 193-197 Fremont «t.
BARS, back bars, mirrors, showcases, counters,
linoleum, new and\ second-hand: we always
have a large stock of saloon outfits on hand:
'32 complete outfits on one floor, ready made;
we can ship everything In 24 hours. J.
NOOXAN, 1017. 1019, 1021, 1023 Mission St..
above Sixth; write for catalogue.
BUY a brand new typewriter for $5 down and
$5 per month; write for catalogue and price.
, TYPEWRITER EXCHANGE, 400 California
Bt. ; rentals, new machines. $3 per month.
A — BUYS, sells or I rents gear machinery, en-
gines, hollers, water pipes, shafting pulleys,
etc. WHITELAW, 21G Spear st;
A" 3-STONE pure white and faultless diamond
ring for $1CO: was boujrht a year ago for $160.
' UNCLE HARRIS. 15 tirant ave. .
A— 100-HORSEPOWER engine, bollrr, two-drill
air compressors. JARDINE'S. 220 Fremont st.
CANARY birds- choice songsters. 1377 Minna
I et.. near Fifteenth.
PATENTED ' bandages foY sale. Box 850, -Call
office. ¦ '. ' .
A 2-STORT cottage at 315 OTarrell st. to be
removed. ¦ Apply 15 Grant ave. '
GAS enRlne, one horsepower. $73; can be seen
at, work. : «hirt Store, 535 Valencia st.
2D-HAND steam, gas. oil. : water, and air ma-
- ehlnery bought and sold.. White. 516 Mission.
BLUE- gum piles for sale! Apply PAUlT KEY-
SER, 206 Clay st.
j PORTABLE engines, boilers; Iron and wood
planers, lathes; 2d-hand. J. Burke, 139 Beale.
FIRSTS-CLASS second-hand modern engines and
boilers boughtnnd Fold. KROGH Mfg. Co. \
PHOTOGRAPHIC and magic lantern goads
- bought, sold.* exchanged.; 105 Montgomery st.
10-TON Fairbanks sen le; and fire and burglar
;¦ proof safe. 21fi California st. "
: SAFES— Xov/ ami seconJ-han<l. . TI1E HER-
MANN SAFE CO.. 117 : 423 Sacramento st. •
¦MAGIC lanterns. 1 : new; and - 2d-hand: movlnir
' ..picture. BULLARD ¦& ¦ BRECK. 131 Post at.
SAFES-New ahd.pecnnd-haml; all~sizes.~THC
' WALTZ SAFE.lOS-lll Market St.. San-Fran,
¦¦/-¦¦'¦ .' :'-.C^^^SssHHlHHtn8
MISCELLANEOUS WAKTS.
LADIES' and gents' cast-off clothing 'bought &
J sold. Sllverman, 9S4 Folsom; tel. Folsom 1191.
I WANTED— Upright piano for cash. H. L.
• WHITKHEAD. 1710 Market St.
| MONEY TO LOAN.
. AA— BEST rates and easiest terms.
Second Mortgages
; Interest in Kstates
Undivided Interest In Real Estate
Financial problems of all sorts and sixes
! solved by HERMAX MURPHY. 830 Market.
• A— MONEY to lean at rates which people can
» afford to pay on furniture, pianos, etc.: do
rot bcrow of your friends or you will lose
their friendship; do business with strangers
ami you will be better satisfied: no delay; no
publicity. Rooms 9 and Id. 906 Market st.
¦ ANY amount at 6 per cent: 1st, 2d and CJ mort-
gae-es, undivided Interest, real estate tn pro-
ba\e; mortgages an-i legacies bought; no de-
lay: get my terms before doing business else-
» where. Ii." McCOLGAN, 24 Montgomery, r. 4.
> ANY proposition, any amount; * per cent: first.
Focond mortsagps. estates In probate, Interest
tn estates, legacies; corporation loans, chattel
' mortgages and securities. Room le\ 1st floor, :
| Chronicle building. HALLORAN & OLSKN. !
HIGHLY respectable, private place to obtain |
liberal advances on diamonds". Jewelry at low-
• est rates. Baldwin Jewelry Store, 848 Market
tt.; tel. Main 1641. Branrh 1» Third wt.
' ON furniture, pianos, nn removal, or any other j
security: quick: lowest rate: easy term's; no
i brokerage; private, reliable partle?. 1170 Mar-
ket St., room W.
A — ST'W.OOO on city and country real estat* and
estates; chattel mortgages; notes and coilat-
; eials. J. BROW.N3Tb.NE, 11 Montgomery st.
MOPT reliable place to borrow on diamonds.
! watches. Jewelry. W. J. HESTHAL. 10 Sixth;
highest price for old gold, silver, diamonds.
j [ ANT amount, lowest rates, on furniture, etc. ;
ro removal, no commission; strictly conflden-
I Hal. Room 3, Conservatory bldg.. 301 Jones.
LADY desires to make small loans to women.
Address box S72. Call ofnee.
MONEY loaned salaried peoplfl without security.
HILL. rm..4l. Merchants' Ex.. 421 California.
$100,000 TO loan on real estate or for building;
lew rate. Home Bldg. Co.. 222 Sansome, rm. 2.
CASH loaned on salaries: New York plan.
THE TOUSLEY CO.. 821 Parrott bldg.
3% en furniture and pianos; $13 up: no removal:
no commission; private. Room 81. • Eddy st.
, LOANS, 1st or 2d mtgs.; city.country; 6%; undl-
vided ints.; estates. HARPER. 337 Parrott bid.
AUSTIN'S Salary Loan Co.. 3C6 Parrott build-
ing; men can secure loans on personal notes.
MONEY to loan on furniture by private party;
j low rate. 917 Market st. room 1.
ON furniture and pianos: no removal: con-
fidential: on diamonds, etc. 33 Taylor st.
CASH loaned to salaried people on note without
indorser. MORRELL. 609 Examiner building.
TO salaried people without collateral or In-
dorser. S. F. Discount Agency. 143 Phelan bid.
MUSICAL INSTRUMENTS.
A CREAT clearine~up'sale: aTnawTstyTeTlS
per cent discount. Net bargains for holidays:
Guild $3S
Emerson 1»j
Fisher $85
Decker $135
btelnway upright, slightly used $U&
! Chickerlng $215
Hallett & Davis $471.
Heine $4S5
I Rent allowed: Installments. $"» down, I* per
I month up: open eventngs. HEINE PIANO
CO., 217 Geary st.
BEAUTIFUL Chlckering upright; cost $475.
now $273. HEINE PIANO CO.. 217 Geary st.
ANY person having use for a piano can be ac-
commodated at Sherman, Clay Sc Co.'s with
1 easiest payments, lowest prices and moat re-
' liable makers to choose from. Each the beat
of their trade, from Steinway down. Priv-
ilege given to exchange medium and low.
: priced pianos for a new Stetnway any time
within three yearn from date of purchase.
Beautiful new uprights sold for $S cash and
tt per month. We o!7er to sell some good
pianos for 13. S4 and $5 per month. SHER-
MAN. CLAY & CO.. Steinway dealers, cor-
ner Kearny and Sutter Bt*.. San Francisco;
corner Broadway and Thirteenth St.. Oak-
land.
ABSOLUTELY the oldest and largest hous*
I , wect of Chicago Is KOHLER & CHASE'S. 26.
28 and 30 O'Farrel! St.; pianos, organs and
all other musical Instruments of all grades
and prices: terms easy; prices lowest; every-
thing possible done to please and satisfy th«
\ customer.
PIANOS from $100 up In stock to-day: cash or
easy payments. . MAUVAIS, 763 Market St.
BAUMEISTER pianos are always good and ars
sold at a price that will be satisfactory to
almost any one; think of a flrst-class article
for $0."0. MAUVAIS' Music Store. 7S9 Market.
A BIG rale of pianos now going on; all pianos
at reduced prices; fine larse one, J133; num-
ber on time limited; agency Chickerlng. Ma-
»on & Hamiin. Vose. Sterling, etc. BENJ.
CURTAZ k. SON. IS O'Farrell st.; open even-
ings. • ¦
A CLEANING out sale of pianos In storage;
, dirt cheap. Wilson's Storage, 1710 Market st.
' BTRON ISAUXT. acency Sohmer & Co.. Byron
Mauzy. Gabler and Spellman pianos. 308 Post.
SPECIAL sale— Immense reductions: »«e our
leader, only $150. BRUENN. 208 Post st.
LARGE 2-pedal upright piano, used 6 mo.; lear-
lr.c city. 419 Van Ness ave.. nr. McAllister.
THREE-PEDAL upright: nearly new; bargain;
owner leaving city. 2233 Mission st.
GREAT many bargains In 2nd-hand uprights:
small installments. Hornung. 218 McAllister.
HIGH-GRADE pianos: Steck. Hardman. Xon-
over & others. W. B. ALLEN & CO.. 314 Test.
AT KEEFFE'S. 933 Market St.. 4 elegant up-
rights at ¦ your own price. Shoninger agency.
BEST rent stock In city: new pianos, $3 per
month. SCOTT-CURTAZ. 580 Hayea st.
SUPERIOR violins, zithers, old and new. H.
MULLGR. maker, repairer. 2 Latham place.
BARGAIN— Must be sold; nice upright piano.
SCHMIT3. 1C MrAII|«ter St.. next Hlb. Rank.
OIL.
5000 SHARES In ML Diablo Oil Co. at 104c
per share— if taken before January 1. Apply
to W. E. BARNARD. 1113 Broadway. Oak-
land.
JOSEPH B. TOPLITZ. 330 Pine street.
MEMBER PRODUCERS' OIL EXCHANGE.
Country correspondence solicited. .1
OIL LANDS I'Oll SALE*.
C*'V> ACRES oil lanl, strictly In oil belt. $A to j
$«nO per arrp. WILLIAM C. HAMILTON. I
Flood building, room S.
KKRN River; proven territory; line of R. R. !
Newton. Carmen & Somes, r. 104. Chronicle, j
1WLMISTRY. ~
n'. ' J^R^IcrFOSSE7ZT.^cien«lic - ~p^m7st?Ti3 '
Taylor st.. bet. Geary and Post: tel. Black 561. i
PROF. HAIGHT. Palmirt— Readings this week
only for I.">c. 192S Market st.. S. F. ;
PATEMS AM) I'ENSIO.VS. :
ADVICE free: no charge unless successful, i
GEO. D. CAMPBELL. Uw»>r. E-amln.r hi,, j
PERSONALS.
OWEN McCABE. importer, dealer in feathers: ¦
1 hair mattress and pillow manufactory; old
: reathers renovated and puriSeu ; all f e'athers
; sold warranted well dressed with my patent;
steam renovator. S70 Mission, tel. Jessie mi
FINE suits. $10: dress pants. $2 73. MISfIt
CLOTHING PARLORS. 437 Montgomery St. !
A-?:J 50 DERBY and Fedora hats. $1 75. Popu-
• lar Price Hatters. S30 Kearny st.. near Pine.
MATTRESSES AND PILLOWS, tel. South 792
made to order, renovated; honest work guar-
anteed: feathers and hair cleansed: fine unhol-
*tery; goods carefully packed for shipment or
I storage. HOPKE BROS.. 318 and 320 Hth st.
• ! KLECTRIC light in every rcom— Winchester
i Hotel. 44 Third st.. near Market: 700 nrmt-
'| 25c to Jl 50 per night: $1 50 to $S per week-
I free 'bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
Superfluous hair removed with electric neeUle-
plectric roller facial treatment for wrinkles 1
" j ell branches taught. Miss Eaton. 1113 Sutter.*
j HAIR positively Rrown on balJ heads by purely
\egetable compound; absolute proof Call or
_addres3DR. G..S. MOORE. 4SS Geary st* S.F.
SUITS loonier or. Installments; 113 upward- 11
a week LEON LEMOS. U17 Market st.be-
i tween Sever-th and Eighth.
• WH1TK uP 3 "'.' 1 tron bwK ! " lnitl *' three-quarter
or doubte. }; 2:.. EASTERN OUTFITTING
CO., 1310-1312 Stockton st.. near Broadway^
¦ PRIVATE detective work; reasonable rates- 10
¦ years' "Pcngnc*-;-^ n. RAY. 2T.7 Jessie si
ALFREDUMS Egyptian Henna: restores gray
" halT to >t8 ""turaf color^jl^aT all dreggflff
¦ LANICHEFF *»•!« holffiay glove orders. go,,d for
_5'°If_ 9 .J c H^^ r !5£5_ or tn order - 121 Grant ave;
; MASQUERADE w?t^m7«7^ki7^"tooks~~ w l^T
cA "»-nr ¦ordem. GOLDSTEIN & CoT^Tlkt'
•' S \n I J Co* 7fi¥\??. easy , W mwt^rt" TaTioT-
_H!*_£glV. 1644 Mkt... under St. Nicholas Hotel.
: ?£n?Wl a \~ b " t '. n ;America-Th, Weekly
i«tiV.> pf . B 9 ' ' s t? 1 t0 '*nyi address In thi
Lnlted States or Canada on«v year for $1.
| PHYSICIAN* A5D SURGEONS.
j DR. C. C. O'DONNELL— Office and residery^-
i 1021H Market st., between Sixth and Sevent^T
PARALTSIS, rheumatl»im. asthma effectually
cured. DR. J. H. REEVE. ZV~i Kearny st.
*~ rROPERTV WAATEO.
WANT to purchase a home or 5 or 12 a<-res
within a radius of 30 miles of San Francisco:
will not do business with rral estate m^n:
only owners need reply. Address box S7^>. Call
office. _^_^______«__
IlEAL ESTATE CITY FOR SALK.
TEAL ESTATE BARGAINS.
A. M. SPECK & CO.
IJAPvD TO UK AT HARD TO BEAT
PRICES WILL SUHELT ADVANCE.
$11CO.
Cczy cottage «Misssion). lot "TT-riCO feet.
$21CC— RKDl'CED FROM $2JtU
Four flats; rents $J0. <> » \
$3«co.
' Four fiats; rents SI 1 *: downtown.
$6000.
Three choice flat*, near Post an.1 Taylor *t«. ;
pays 10 per cent; 27 t»*t frrnt; offer wanted.
Flats: hrand new; east of Van N «s av*.;
%?iC0— REDLTKD FROM JIS.'Xio.
Market street corner ftirv and flat.
$14C0F
Grand H-nom res'dence nn .tarksnn •«tr«et.
tl-l.TZn— REUrt'KP FROM JtS..".W>.
Buslne«>i rruperty: same tenants for vears:
store ar.d roomins-hnuse.
Grand corner. leavenworth street: *> fe«t
front; all rented for $12".: mortgage IJCOO: caa
remain at 6 p»r cent.
$7i.0Cft— REDL'fED FROM tS2.**>
Choice corner lrt. 75-fcot front: within half
a block of Market ->t. : with old Improvements;
iv-nts about $IC0; the only corner that can *>•
bought vicinity or Sixth st.
$.".2,500— REDUCED FROM J(;i>.f«>
Grand investment: 100 foot 'ront on Ellis St.;
with Improvements: nicer and bett«r than Pal-
ace Hotel: rents about tmO; terms, half cash.
$3500.
Rents JtOO: 100 feet front: near Taylor st. ; no _
chance like it. V/j
$20, 800. jT
Corner; «f> feet front: vlrinlty Sutt»r st. : eart i
of Hyde: grand hotel, office or roomlng-hou»«
site; rents $107.
$zn, ooo.
Sutter-st. corner; 87:«xS7:«: elegant lmprore-
mer.t.i: rents $1SCO per annum.
$100,000.
Market St.. near Call.
A. M. SPECK & CO.. «87 Market »t.
THOS. MAGEE <t SONS. 3 Montgomery st.
CHEAP LOTS WITH EASY TERM3 IN THS
MISSION.
Mission sf.. large gore corner. $2300: 2 ntn»r
corners. $1750 and $1SOO: Inside lots. 25x100. $14"?.
$1250 and $1273; street biturninized; electric cart
passing.
French Kt.. 2SxlCO. $scn, $300 and $1000.
Highland ave., MVUino. $3000.
West Park St., 23xlO«; 12 lots. $800 each.
Rlchl*nd ave., 14 lots. 2:>ilOO. $600 each; 5 lota
for $730 each.
Crescent ave.. 4 lots for $650 each.
Holly st.. $400. $500. $CCO. and corner for $900.
Terms— S1C0 down, balance $10 a month at •
per cent. • '; :'¦.-' '
IF you have property north of the Park and
you wish to sell <rolokly. then call on W. J.
GUNN. ZZCt California »t.
$80 EACH— On 15th ave.: $10 monthly payments:
free carriage at 323 Clement at.
MODERN hou?en built: lowest prices: plans and
estimates furnished. Campbell. 1147 M.'asion.
HEAL ESTATE COUNTRY Kor S«!«
ACCURATE knowledge, each of the 3000 ranch-
es on my sale and exchange list— more than <g
all other agents in city: stat» what's wantM.«I
N. D. SICKRLS. the Land Agent. 6 Geary st>- r
CIRCULARS free. M. GRIFFIN, 715 Market St.]
sells and exchanges city and country property.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
CFF1CE— 1118 BROADWAY
OAKLAND REAL ESTATE.
$850— A SMALL heme of 4 rooms &ad bath: must
be sold: 33th st.. near Telegraph ave. : BxlTO.
A. J. SNYDER * CO.. Real Estate. 467 Ninth
st.. Oakland. Cal. ,
$750— 4 ROOMS: 33x100; must be "oTd. A. J.
SNTDF.R fe CO.. <S7 Ninth at.. Oakland.
OAKLAND I'lUMTMlE FOIt SALK.
AN Introduction to you from H. Schellhaas. fhi»
furniture dealer. 11th and -Franklin. Oakland.
ROOMS FOIl HOUSEKEEPING.
BARTLETT. 414— J xunny connecting house-
keeping rooms, sink and bath. v
HYDE, 408— Sunny front basement suite, $15:
also rear suite, yard, laundry. $12.
GOLDEN. GATE AVE., 622— Cunny suite; 1
rooms: clean; gas stove: running water, etc.
JACKSON. 920. near Mason— Furnished larg*
sunny housekeeping rooms. $7 to $8; single. $4.
MISSION. 1125H— 1 housekeeping room. $1 S>\
MOSS. 13. eft Howard, near Seventh — 2 rooms,
furnished complete for housekeeping.
NATOMA. 145— Furnished rooms to let. $1. $1 23; <i \1
housekeeping rooms, $1 50. . *i\.
OAK. 119—2 sunny front rms. furn. for heavy
housekeeping. $12; single basement rrn.. $4.
OAK, 113—1 sunny dry basement room: clean
yard; stove; furnished for housekeeping; $4.
POLK. 522— Unfurnished and furnished rooms
for housekeeping.
POST, S43— Two sunny rooms, furnished for
housekeeping; gas range. .*¦ .
SECOND. 212 — Newly furnished; reasonable and
respectable: very convenient and quiet.
SHOTWELL. ai— Two or three furnished or
unfurnished rooms for housekeeping.
A BRANCH offlc* for Call advertisements and
subscriptions baa been established at 10M
Valencia st.
ROOMS TO LKT— Fnrn. and Cnfnrn.
AHLBORN HOTEL. ZZl Grant ave.— Best dol-
lar a day family hotel in city; polite attend-
ance; large rooms; modern conveniences;
rooms 50c up; first-class meals 25c; free coach.
A— BRUNSWICK House. 143 Sixth— Rooms iVs
to $1 per night: $1 25 to $5 per week, and light
housekeeping; open all night.
BURNETT, 1426 Market (old~No. 1364ylFur^
nlshed rm*.. suites, single; also unfurnishad.
BITSH. o20 (The Elk>— Nicely furnished sunny
rms; day. 25c up; wk., $1 » up. Mrs. P. Ranft.
ELLIS. 705— Newly furnished front room: us*
cf piano: reasonable.
ET.T.I3. 1630 — Front or r*ck room: suitable for
one or two gentlemen: reasonable.
GRAND SOUTHERN, southeast corner Seventh
and Mission sts.— Sunny rooms, en sult» or
single: ladies' parlor; readlnv-room; elevator.
GEARY, 403(The Nararre)— Klegantly furnlshf*
rms; suites or single: travelers accommodated.
LAS PALM A3. 1S2O Market st.-Suit- or 2 or 1 f
rms; private: bath; sin. rms: board optional. 4
LEWIS place. IS— Furnished and unfurnished
rooms to let; single or en suite.
MISSION. S17. near Fourth— Furnisned, front
room, tl 25.
NEW ARLINGTON. Wlif Market st. -^Nicely
furnished rooms. $2 a week up; 35c a day •?¦
O'FARRELL. 20— Sunny furnished rooms an4
offices; elevator; electric lights; day. w'*.. nv>.
PINE. 956. nr. Taylor— 2 large sunny parlor*,
unfurn.: cloe-t. gas, bath; tel.: reasonable.
POLK. 717-Two furnished rooms for light
housekeeping: use of hath. ¦ '¦¦ ' ¦¦
ROYAL House. 126 Ellis st.— Incan'Vwer.t light ;
reading-room, smoking-room and lallen' par-
lor; rooms, per night. 35o to $1 .W: week, tl to
$8: month, W to $30: elevator on ground floor;
rooms with hot and cold water: hath?.
ROSEDALE House, SI? and 321 Ellis st. -Room*,
night. 23c to $1; week, tl 23 to $4; open night.
SHERMAN Apartment House. 2S Eighth st.,
near Market— Furnished or unfurnished.
; SIXTH. 11»A— Front rooms, double and single;
J gas; running water: fireplaces.
1 STEVENSON. 820— Sunny front room, single or
| double, light housekeeping- ___^
STOCKTON. 701. corner California— Sunny front
¦ rooms, stngle or en mite,.
SUTTER. KO'A— Changed hands: newly reno-
vated: single rooms. S3; sutta*. $12 to $25 mo.
PUTTER 313 — Larjce front room ¦with modem
Improvements; suitable for studio.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
t received at Call branch office. 230O Flllmore st.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements an.l
subscriptions has been established at Vf*i
Valencia ft.
ROOMS AND HOARD.
¦ AT the eld Stevenson mansion, opp. Gra^n
! Church, with annex $07 California «t. may
; be found a most exceptionally good table at-
' tractive and sightly rooms at modest rates.
WANTED— 2 hoys from Unloii: board lodia
and washing done; f2D apiece. 122* Eight-
eenth s^
KLLlk M7-Sunny bay-window room, with
i board, for two gentUmen.STANISLAUS RIVER AT OAKDALB.
Inaugural Fund Complete.
WASHINGTON, Dec. 2S.-It /was an
nounced to-day that the $50,000 , guaranty
fund authorized . to be raised' for. the pur
pose of defraying the expenses of the cere
monies attending. the second Inauguration
of President McKlnley has! practically
been completed. '>>-
SACRAMENTO RIVER AT. JELLYS' FERRY.
KINGS RIVER AT RED ' MOUNTAIN.
SAN JOAQUIX RIVER AT HERNDOS.
REAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
Estatejjf T. C.Muller (by Gustav. Schwarz
nann," wchard Finking 1 and John A. Rlepe,
executors) ' to Mrs. '__ Maggie Cook/ lot on SE
corner of Twentieth street and Lexington ave
r.ue (Stevenson), E 24:6 by S 85; $3S50.
Alexander S. Cook to Maggie Cook (wife),
same; gift. •
Joseph E. Dlnter to Olga, Albertha and Maria
Mottny. lot on S line of Twenty-sixth street.
20417 E of Diamond.- S 114 by E 50; $500.
Jacob and Llna Heyman to Ann Featherston.
lot on SE corner of Douglass and Twenty-ninth
streets, E 54:7. by, S 114; 11000.
•Nellie Hooker to Septimus Greene. lot on W
line of Thirty- fourth avenue. 350 N 1 of -Point
Lobos. N 50 by "W; 120: $1000.
• Ira G.". and' Alma H. „ Leek to Maude A.
Hayes, -Ipt on 8E corner of Union avenue and
Woultrle street, «E 50 by S 50. portions of lots
159 and 161,- ffift map 2; $25. ;¦.¦>.:
- Maude . A. and John Hayes • to Adellnde M.
Hayes, same; $2000. .¦_..: • -.
. George M.' Wilson to Ida S. "Wilson lets 4
and 6, block II, Columbia Heights Tract; sift
Emelin. Qulnn- to Solomon Getz, lot 28, block
7, Holly Park Tract; $100* .
. Solomon and Dora Oeta to ¦ Lydla M. EHer-
WdnKW. lot 42, block 35, City ' Land Associa
tion; i*10. . ..
-. ~- Edward J. le Breton to Margaret A. Ferren.
reconveyance of .all '.Interest In estate of John
W, : Farren, deceased. No. 17.11S (quitclaim
deed); $1. • . . - .
Builder's ; Contract
William Wolf (owner) with WllUanv Helbln'ff
(contractor), . architects * Salneld . & Kohlberg—
Excavations," concrete, brick,'- carpenter and
mill, work, : hardware, plazlnp, tinning, la thine.
plastering:, . palnting-.r electrical work.- etc.- for
ff-ur: three-story " frame-bulldlngs (flats) on JC
line-of Ellis street. 27:6" E of Octavla, K 55,
N 112:6. ,E 27:6,/ N_ 15, Wi 112:6,. S 50,- E 27:6: S
87:6;: J25.000.V • ¦ .
Flow o£ Rivers.
PollowlnK lit statement of the estimated
flow of certain California rlVers In cubic feet
per second, or second fe«t, one second foot
equaling: 60 California miner's Inches, or about
40 Colorado miner's Inches. The figures are
from J. B. Llpplncott, bydrographer of the
United States Geological Survey: :-•
I METCNQ STOCKS.
Followlnr were th> sales In the Ban Francisco
Btock and Exchange Board yesterday:
Morning Session.
60 Caledonia 49! 100 Sierra Nevada. H
10O Con Cal & Va..l 60 150 Silver Hill 45
800 Ophlr 65 200 Union' Con to
300 Potosl 11
Afternoon Session
200 Belcher Ilk 100 Oould & Curry. SI
800 Beet & Belcher. 23 100 Justice ......... 03
100 Bullion 03 400 Mexican ,.-83
100 Caledonia 49 200 Mexican «
100 Chollar 1! 200 Ophlr 63
100 Chollar 13 200 Ophlr ." - H
100 Con Cal & Va..l 60 100 £avag-» 13
100 Con Cal & Va..l 65 100 Silver Hill. 45
700 Crown Point... 09 200 Union Con...... J9
200 Oould & Curry. 82 1000 Yellow Jacket.. 14<
Following were the taales In the Pacific Stock
Bxchangre yesterday:
Morning Session. .
800 Belcher Ill 200 Hale & Norcrs. 19
700 Best & Belcher. 23 600 Justice 02
100 Caledonia 47 200 Mexican 3S
S0O Challenge 14 400 Ophlr 68
150 Con Cal &.Va..l 65 300 Ophlr 65
600 Con Imperial... 01 200 Potosl if.
Afternoon Session. '
(00 Andes 07 700 Gould & Curry. 82
600 Best & Belcher. 23 600 Ophlr 63
200 Oon Cal & V.I 67^ 100 Silver Hill 47
100 Con Cal & V...1 65
CLOSINO QUOTATIONa
FRIDAY, Dec. 28 — i p. m. -
Bid. Ask. Bld.Aak.
Alta 04 05 Justice ......... 02 03
Alpha 02 03 Kentuck 01 03
Andes 07 08 Lady Wash..... — 03
Belcher 10 ll|Mexiean 82~ 33
Best & Belcher. 22 23 Occidental ..... 03 04
Bullion ......... 02 03'Ophlr 63 6+
Caledonia 46 47 Overman 08 10
Chollar 12 13 Potosl 10 12
Challenge Con.. 14 16 Savage' .....13' 14
Confidence ..... — 55 Scorpion — 04
Oon Cal & Va..l 65 1 fiO Seg- Belcher.... '— '¦ 02
Con Imperial... 01 02 Sierra Nevada. 21 23
Con New York. 01 — Silver Hill...... '47 ; : 48
Eureka Con.... — 35 St Louis.. —.10
Crown Point...* 09 10 Standard 8 25 S 45
Exchequer .....¦.— 02 Pyndicate — . ¦• 13
Gould & Curry. 31 33 Union Con.... ri. IS 19
Hale & Norcra/ 17 19 Utah 03 04
'Julia-.. — 03 Yellow Jacket. 14 19
CHICAGO CAPITALIST
BUYS ARIZONA T RANCH
Slz Thousand Acres of the Wormser
Estate Purchased by D. B.
> . Hurd.
CHICAGO, Dec. 28.— D. B. Hurd of Chi
cago has bought a tract of '6000 acres of
land In Arizona, according to a dispatch
received from Phoenix to-day, '. and will
convert It Into an extensive stock ranch.
The consideration paid was $165,000, and
A. C. Bartlett, 1 father-ln r law of Hurd, has
an Interest in the deal. The tract of land
Is part of an old grant from the Mexican
Government and Is • purchased from the
Wormser estate. The transfer cannot be
completed until approved by the Probate
Court at Phoenix. »• ¦ ¦• ..-¦¦.
A. C. Bartlett said to-day he had not
heard that the offer made by his son-in
law had been accepted, but Mr. Hurd Is
at present In Phoenix In connection with
the deal. Mr. Hurd .spends hla ; winters
in Arizona and will devote himself to the
cattle business while there, spending his
summers In the East. •
Although the ranch will be extensively
stocked, Mr. ¦ Bartlett says' It Is merely a
side issue from a business standpoint.
HOTEL ARRIVALS.
GRAXD HOTEL.
J A Ochs, - San Joee
T E Hughes & w. Mex
W B Bamhlsel. Stanfd
B W Wooley, Stanford
C Naramore, Stanford |
R W Maples. Stanfordl
J Koebig, Gilroy :
J F Dickson, Houstonl
Miss Dickson. Houston!
L C White, Del Monte i
J McCarty, Grayton
W B Howe, San Jose
W D Tlllotson, Reddng
A Morris & w, Woodld
S - Arbright & w, N M
H Caaey, Sacto
R B Lopez, Pleasanton
J R Jones, Vacavllle
A J Hudson. Fresno
C B Jlllson, Cal
T B Murphy, Martinez
B B Lee, Bakersfleld
A T Dlnnels, Reno
W E Moldrup. Ala
W F Hopkins. Lakeprt
F E Wright, Sacco
S G Hess, Sacto
P L Snell. Seattle .
H Drain. Los Ang
J Phillips. Portland
B F Lewis. Fresno
E Waldman, Portland
H M Ogden, Portland
Miss P Teadler, Vacvll
Mrs H W Hall, Tacom
Miss F Corbln, Tacoma
F W Pettygrove. Seattl
W W Wheeler, Tacoma
J Barnes Jr. Seattle \
A C Lawrence & w. Or
A IV Dnimmond. Or
G R Spellhagan. Texas
H R Hlldebrandt, Tex
C E Johnson & W, Cal
P Gibbons. Seattle
H J Dranland, Sonoma
E M Weaver. Phi la
C W Pendleton, L Ang
C M Davis, Pasadena
T B Gibson. Sacto
W L Prltchard & w.Cal
H W Haines, Saratoga
M Haines, Saratoga
A J Wallace, Le Ang
Mrs J B Brown. Cal
N W Thompson, L Ang
Mrs J Llewellyn. Cal
Mrs Ktstler, Denver
E J Young:. Seattle-
Mrs A C Foster. Wlnpg
A L Jones, Gllroy
E E Smith, Sacto
G A Downing. Cal
F F Rogers. Phi la
Mrs E L Whlpple Cal
Miss I Whlpple, Cal
E T Ferguson, Cal
C E Day, Sacto
A M Aldrlch, Mont
Miss Mayberry, Reno
E Sessions & w. Reno
J D Naismith, Toronto
H W Frost. Toronto
H.K Russell, D C
W H Crooks, Coallnga
J W Skiles, Spokane
TL Gates. Vacavillo
J Teadler. Vacavllle
PALACE 1 HOTEL.
P Parker, Cal
C D Hanneman, Cal
Mrs M Barker, Montan
Mrs O'Brien, Montana
C W Pyle, Kan City
A Montgomery, 111 £
T B Phelps, Oakland
W Martin, Cal
N A I>orne, Salinas
C T Burck. Sacto
P J Snell, Fresno
F Graham, Cal
M E Gra harry Cal
F J Younu.^al
C Dunphy, CaJ .' V r_I>'
G L Slebrecht, Texas
W P Blake, ¦ Tucson
A C Broughton, Chgo
Dr E B Nlma. Mass
Mrs E B Nims. Mass
Mrs "A H Culver, Mass
Mrs'E H Terry. Mass
C W. Smith, Mass
J C Flanders, Portland
W Miner, Portland
H R Cowles, NY" :
F J Lester, Mich
M Helneman," N T
W A Pownlng, Cal
F Hauck, Germany
J R Phillips, Stockton
D Y Atkinson, Toronto
D T Thompson, Mon
treal
Mrs G F Machan. Seat
A B Machan, Seattle
J Irving, B C
Mrs T Flint Jf, Cala
A R Carquevllle, Chgo
Mrs A R Carqueville,
Chicago
D Murphy, Los Anir
Mrs D Murphy. L. Ang
L. F Graham, S Jose
G P Snell, S Jose
Mrs G P Snell. S Jose
A .1 Rand. St Lout 9
Mrs A J Rand. St Lout
I W Sanford, Australia
P Davis, Cal
C D Wright, San Jose
N Goodman, N J
W M Meek. Denver
Dr W Younger, Paris
Mrs KM Stevens, Chg
Mies E L Stevens, Chg
Miss A P Stevens, Chg
H T Gage. Sacto
Misses Hawthorne, NT
F P Sherman, Cal
Mrs F P Sherman, Cal
B M Fowler, Mich
E H Cox, . Madera
NEW WESTERN HOTEL
O Matiun, Vallejo
H S Kemper, L Ang
L C Dees, Vallejo
J Ipsen, Chicago
Miss L Silvia, Col
N S Gashaw, Nebr
J H Condlt, Jackson
J F Trimble, S Jose
W Chapman, Victoria
L Colver. Phoenix
M Anderson, Phoenix
J S Wright, Oregon
A J "Watts, Chicago .
Mrs W< Brown, L Ang
J M Rozas, S Juan
J McGraw, Georgia
E G Rich, Stockton
Miss Aurelaus. St Lake
¦W-T Fink, St Louis
Mrs Campbell, S Louis
J Aldington, Fresno
P Llnton & w, L Ang
J W Hellls. Colo
C Herrman, Oregon
B B Edwards, Carters
H H AVells, Minn
J Wlldman, Manila
G B Ward, Concord
EiDTJCATOKS DISCUSS
MANY QUESTIONS
Economic Society Holds \ Second Ses-
sion With, the Historical
Association.
ANN ARBOR, Mich., Dec. 23.— President
Angell of the University of "Michigan ex
tended a warm welcome to the .Econo
mists and Historians who came from De-.
trolt to-day to hold a Joint session of the
American Historical Association and the
American Economic Association. Profes
sor Paul S. Relnsch of the University of..
Wisconsin was unable to be present, but
his paper on "The French Experiments
With Political Assimilations in the West
Indies" was read by- his colleague, Pro
fessor Charles H. HaSklns of the same
university. Professor H. M. Stephens of
Cornell gave. a brief talk on the turning
points in the history of British admlnis*
tration-ln India, which he said was sim
ply a synopsis of his forthcoming work
on the- subject. Professor John F. Flnley
of Princeton discussed the Porto Rican
policy. He argued against the complete
Independence of the Island or its admis
sion as a State. He spoke from personal
observations on the Island.
In the afternoon Professor Edmund
James of the University of Chicago read
a paper on 'The Relation of the Univer
sities to Commercial Education." ¦ A pa
per by Professor I... M. Keasby of Bryn
Mawr on "The Study of Economic Geog
raphy" was read; also a paper by Pro
fessor Charles W. Hasklns of New York
on the "Science of- Accounts In Collegiate
Commercial Education."
Bock Island Extension.
CHICAGO, Dec. 28.— Directors of the
Rock Island road ha\e finally decided on
the extension of their lines to El Paso,
Tex t , so as to • connect with the Southern
Pacific- and form a Bhort line from Chi
cago to Los Angreles. Construction work
has already begun, It was announced to
day, and will be pushed to completion
with vigor.
SAVINGS BANKS.
Ger S & L...1860 1&00 Sav & L So..'— —
Hum S & L... — — Sec Say Bk...275 —
Mut Sav Bk.. 50 — Union T Co... — —
S P Sav Un..525 —
STREET RAILROAD STOCKS. /
California ....129%— O S L. & H... 39 4«
Goary-et 45 — Prealdio 17 21
Market-Bt .... 69% —
POWDER STOCKS.
California .... — 160 Vfgorlt 8 8*4
Giant Con Co. 83% 84U
SUGAR STOCKS.
Hana S P Co. — 7 KUauea S Co. 20% a
Haw C & S Co 8914 82% Makawell S Co 40# 41
Honokaa S Co — 32 Onomea S Co.. 28*4 —
Hutch S P Co. 25% — Paahau S Co. 31% 32
MISCEX.LANEOUS STOCKS.
Al Pack Assn. 123% i- Pac A F A... 2 —
Cal Fruit AssnlO3 104 Pae Bor Co... 153 154
Mer Ex Assn. 97 100 Par Paint Co. 12% —
Oceanic S Co.. 103 103% .
Mornlns Session.
Board—
J12.O0O Callfornia-st R R bonds _119 00
75 Hutchlnson S P Co 25 60
tO Makaweli 41 00
60 Mutual EJectrlc Llsht 9 00
$6,000 Oakland Water 6s 1B4 50
25 S F Gas & Electric Co 48 00
150 S F Gas & Electric Co 46 25
25 S F Gas & Electric Co. 46 87%
25 8 F Gaa & Electric Co 46 60
100 Spring Vall<a" Water 93 60
Street— " .
20 Hawaiian Commercial & Sugar. ,_ 90 00
40 Spring Valley Water _. 93 50
Afternoon Session.
Board —
10 California Safe Deposit _..1O4 00
10 Oakland Gas 49 62%
$1,000 Oceanic Steamshtp bonds 110 75
10 S F Gas & Electric Co, s 80 46 62%
120 S F Gas & Electrio Co 46 62%
MSP Gas & Electric Co 46 75
20 S F Gas & Electric Co 46 67%
75 S F Gas & Electric Co 47 00
10 Spring Valley Water 93 75
Jf 00 United States 3s bonds (coup),... Ill 00
100 Vlgrorit 3 12%
Street—
K.000 Hawaiian C & S Co 5s 103 25
$7,000 Los Anpeles Ry Bs bonds Ill 50
PRODUCERS' OIL EXCHANGE.
Mornlns Session.
Board—
100 California-Standard -,.... 37
100 Caribou , 60
100 Caribou, b 30.... 60
2000 Four Oil Co 62
8100 Lion CHI Co 20
100 McKlttrick Consolidated 45
100 Monarch of Arizona. 45
200 Monte Crfsto 2 35
400 Monte Oristo, s3 2 86
104 Monte Oristo, m 8 2 30
16 Monte Crlsto 2 00
15 011 City Petroleum 35 00
600 Petroleum Center, b 90 24
E00 Petroleum Center 23
700 Reed Crude Oil Co.... 63
225 Sterling: O & D Co 2 75
600 Bunset (orterinal) 45
100 Twenty-eight 2 45
100 Wolverine 130
BO Yukon 61
Street—
100 Monte Crleto 2 45
Afternoon Session.
Board—
100 Caribou 60
600 Caribou 65
600 Four Oil Co 64
200 Four Oil Co 65
200 Four Oil Co. 66
200 Home Oil 4 00
25 Home Oil>.. 4 05
1500 Independence 21
334 Independence 20
1000 Lion Oil Co ¦ 20
100 Monte Cristo 2 40
100 Monte Crlsto 2 25
6 Oil City Petroleum 35 50
100 Reed Crude Oil Co ; 63
400 Reed Crude Oil Co 84
41C0 Reed Crude Oil Co 65
100 Reed Crude Oil Co 66
1000 Reed Crude Oil Co 68
1000 Reed Crude Oil Co. 67 y
100 San Joaquin Oil & Dev 10 87%
100 Shamrock 90
100 Sterling O & D Co 2 70
tCO Twenty-Eight - 2 50
FRIDAY. Doc 28— 2:30 p. m.
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
WASHINGTON. Dec 28.— Senators Nel-
Bon and Turner^ sitting as a subcommit
tee of the Senate Commerce Committee
to-day, heard arguments in support of tha
measure now pending in the Senate pro
viding for the establishment of a national
standardizing bureau. Among those heard
were: Secretary Gage, Professor O- H.
Tittraan, superintendent of the Coast and
Geodetic Survey and also of the present
Bureau of Weights and Measures; Pro
fessor "W. S. Stratton, inspector of
Weights and Measures under the present
organization and professor of physics in
the Chicago University, and Professor H.
A. Rowland, professor ofphysics of Johns
Hopkins University. They urged the
growing importance of a complete stand
ardizing bureau under Government direc
tion. Secretary Gage represented that,
such an institution is becoming more and
more important as the years go by. His
opinion of the importance of the proposed
bureau, as well as that of the other wit
nesses, is summarized in a memorandum
printed for the use of the committee, of
which the following is an extract:
"Until recent years this work has been
oonflned to problems concerned with the
standards of length, mass, capacity and
temperature, but the increased order of
accuracy demanded in scientific and com
mercial measurements and the exceeding
ly rapid progress of pure and applied
Bcience have increased the scope of such
work until it includes many important
branches of physical and chemical re
search, requiring for its successful per-'
formance a complete laboratory, fitted for
undertaking the most refined measure
ments known to modern science. The in
troduction of accurate scientific methods
into manufacturing and commercial pro
cesses involves the use of a great variety
of standards of far greater accuracy than
formerly required. An accurate knowl
edge of the high temperature of a furnace
or a refinery, or the low temperature of a
refrigerating process, is often essential to
the economical work of the process.
'"Enormous commercial transactions
are daily based upon the reading of elec
trical measuring apparatus, inaccuracies
of which involve &reat injustice and finan
cial losses; hence, the national bureau
should be in a position to test electrical
standards of all kinds for commercial as
well as the most refined scientific work."
Professor Tittman made an argument
for the establishment of the bureau upo,n
constitutional grounds, calling attention
to the fact that the constitution empow
ers Congress to fix the standard of
weights and measures. He contended
that fixed standards lie at the foundation
of good government and called attention
to the measures adopted by Germany and
Great Britain in the direction pssposed by
the pending bill for this country.
The bill contemplates the erection of a
building in Washington for the use of the
bureau and for the selection of a com
plete staff to take charge of the work.
Secretary Gage of the Treasury De
partment and Various University
Professors Appear Before the
Sub-Committee.
Strong Argument in Support
of the Bill Pending in
the Senate. ¦
NATIONAL BUREAU
OF STANDARDS
.CINCINNATI, Deo. 28.— Senator J. B.
Foraker has mad© . a jeply to the recent
speech at Ann Arborl Mich, of former
President? Benjamin Harrison, in which
Mr. Harrison criticized the Porto Rican
policy of the Government, characterizing
it as a departure from correct principles.
In a 'speech before the Manufacturers
Club of this city last night, Senator For
aker said on this point: " v^:"
All the questions arising upon the Porto
Rican legislation are soon to be passed upon
by • the Supreme Court. Fon that reason I do
not care to discuss them at this time, but It Is
In order to say that the view taken by
Congress, ¦ as reflected by that legislation, waa
creditable to the generosity, the patriotism and
the indu6trial,spirlt of the American people. We
found --Borto ,*Rlco as poor as poverty could
make her. • She had no money, no credit, no
system of taxation of any kind. She wanted
a civil government and a revenue to support it.
We gave fcer a far more, liberal civil govern
ment that was ever given any Territory prior
to the Civil War, po Jar as participation in it
by 'her people is concerned, and we dealt by
her more generously in providing support for
that government than we have ever dealt with
any Territory. .
In requiring her to pay tariff duties on Im
ports from foreign countries we did only what
we did with Louisiana, Florida. California and
all our other Territories; but In allowing her to
put these duties, when collected. Into her own
treasury for the support of her local govern
ment we did what was never done before for
anybody else, for In other cases we have not
only required the payment of these same duties
but we have also required them, - when they
were collected, to .be paid Into the national
treasury at Washington for the benefit of the
whole country. As to duties on commerce be
tween Porto Rico and the United States, we
did not levy 15 per. cent, r-at we remitted 85 per
cent of the existing rates on a number of arti
cles, and the whole duty on all the rest. We
further provided that the 15 per cent should
be remitted on or after March 1. 1902, or sooner,
if the Legislature of Porto Rico shall so pro
vide, and that in the meanwhile all collections
of this 15 per cent, both there and in the United
States, shall be paid over to Porto Rico for her
own support. We made this provision because
it was the easiest and least burdensome way
possible to raise indispensable revenue for their
government, and not because it was In any
sen3e a benefit to either our. Government or our
people.
The Porto Rtcan Legislature is now in ses
sion, but neither that body, nor any member of
It, nor anybody else, has taken' any step to re
peal or -alter the tax system so Imposed by
Congress. On the contrary, all concerned alike
testify to the hlgrhest satisfaction with what
Congress has done, ¦ and the request ¦will be al
most unanimously made that the provisions
enacted may be continued. If not indefinitely at
least until some satisfactory system of proper
taxation may be substituted.
Yes, it is true that the legislation for Porto
Rico was a "'departure." but it is not true that
It was a departure "from correct principles."
In addition it should be stated that Congress,
also in the same generous spirit exempted
Porto Rico from. all Internal revenue taxation—
another favor never before extended to any
people anywhere.
Admits That a Departure Was Made,
but Denies That It Was
. "From Correct Prin- |
Senator Foraker Replits to
the Recent Speech of
Harrison.
DEFENDS PORTO
RICAN POLICY
THE SA1ST FRAjSTCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, DECE31BEK 29, 1 1 JOO.
13
COMMERCIAL NEWS
Continued From Page Ten.
STOCK.
Bid. I Asked.
Bid
Buckhorn ...........
California-Standard
Caribou —.
Kl Dorado .'...
Four ~
Hanford
Home ,'....,.............
Kern River ......
L,!on Oil Co .....
McKlttrick Consolidated ~
Monarch of Arizona
Monte Crlsto
OccJdental of West Virginia...
Oil City Petroleum
petroleum Center
Reed Crude
Ban Joaquin O & D Co
Sterling O & D Co
Sunset Original
"WeBtnhora —
Yukon
— 400
S3 37
— 60
1 63 —
66 —
121 00 125 00
400 4 o;
16 50 ~
19 20
40 44
44 48
3 25 2 50
60 63
35 SO 37 50
23 24
67 —
io zm -
2 65 I SO
44 45
S SO , S 80
— 63
, Second Feet.
DATE.
December 16........ 6015' 780
December 17....... 4000 1043
December 18 3500 970
December U.... 2450 760
December 20 1925 690
December 21... 1730 ¦ 9y0
December 22.. ..| 1450 1730
DATE.
• , • . Second Feet.
DATE.
'. • * 1899. ; .1900.
December 16............. 4775. 1230
December 17 .3106 1230
December 18.......;.... tin 1230
December 19 ,1640 1230
December 20...:;..... ...;.. ...... 1400 r 1230
December 21............ ...'.. ; 12S5 12S0
December, 22.....:..-... ..»- 1170 |« , 4230
DATE.
8econd Feet
DATE.
1899. 1900.
December 16.. ...... ..'..'..."...'.... "6006 ' 670
December 17.. ........-.;.. .;.:.v.. 1834' '676
December 18.......... 1210 7S0
December 19.. ..................... 1170 72S
December .* 20. ......... ;..T: ....... .' 1030 . 676
December 21.........:....... ' 9T2 "676
December: 22 :: . . ......... . .". .:...". > 908- . 72S
DATE.
v • ... ¦ ¦ , Second Feet.'
* DATE. . . . ¦; ¦¦ ' :." — .
* 1899.' ". 1900.
December, 16..!.. 28,000' 17,300
December 17...................... 23.320 27.200
December' 18.::.;."...; ~........ 17.600 ¦ 17,300
December' 19.... :..:.. ...".......;. .14.300' 17,300
December 20 .12,600 . 21.8S0
December 21.. ..-..;..... 11.900.
December 22.. .':. v ....... - ajOO 37.760
DATE.
• , • . Second Feet.
DATE.
'. • * 1899. ; .1900.
December 16............. 4775. 1230
December 17 .3106 1230
December 18.......;.... tin 1230
December 19 ,1640 1230
December 20...:;..... ...;.. ...... 1400 r 1230
December 21............ ...'.. ; 12S5 12S0
December, 22.....:..-... ..»- 1170 |« , 4230
DATE.
v • ... ¦ ¦ , Second Feet.'
* DATE. . . . ¦; ¦¦ ' :." — .
* 1899.' ". 1900.
December, 16..!.. 28,000' 17,300
December 17...................... 23.320 27.200
December' 18.::.;."...; ~........ 17.600 ¦ 17,300
December' 19.... :..:.. ...".......;. .14.300' 17,300
December 20 .12,600 . 21.8S0
December 21.. ..-..;..... 11.900.
December 22.. .':. v ....... - ajOO 37.760
DATE.
8econd Feet
DATE.
1899. 1900.
December 16.. ...... ..'..'..."...'.... "6006 ' 670
December 17.. ........-.;.. .;.:.v.. 1834' '676
December 18.......... 1210 7S0
December 19.. ..................... 1170 72S
December .* 20. ......... ;..T: ....... .' 1030 . 676
December 21.........:....... ' 9T2 "676
December: 22 :: . . ......... . .". .:...". > 908- . 72S
DATE.
, Second Feet.
DATE.
December 16........ 6015' 780
December 17....... 4000 1043
December 18 3500 970
December U.... 2450 760
December 20 1925 690
December 21... 1730 ¦ 9y0
December 22.. ..| 1450 1730
DATE.
STOCK.
Bid. I Asked.
Bid
Buckhorn ...........
California-Standard
Caribou —.
Kl Dorado .'...
Four ~
Hanford
Home ,'....,.............
Kern River ......
L,!on Oil Co .....
McKlttrick Consolidated ~
Monarch of Arizona
Monte Crlsto
OccJdental of West Virginia...
Oil City Petroleum
petroleum Center
Reed Crude
Ban Joaquin O & D Co
Sterling O & D Co
Sunset Original
"WeBtnhora —
Yukon
— 400
S3 37
— 60
1 63 —
66 —
121 00 125 00
400 4 o;
16 50 ~
19 20
40 44
44 48
3 25 2 50
60 63
35 SO 37 50
23 24
67 —
io zm -
2 65 I SO
44 45
S SO , S 80
— 63
UNITED UNDERTAKERS,
17 and tt Fifth st. .Tel. South 1*7.
JCKEBAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALMEB1
Finest Equipment at Moderats Rates.
HENRY J. GALLAGHER CO.
Telephone South 80.
(6u<-ceasor to . Flanna«an & G«Va$her.)
DANIEL P/ DONOVAN. #8X.
fttkkraC directors and kmhalmers
20 Fifth ft., opposite Lincoln School.
DEBD.
Bowers. Angwsta Magu ire, Thomas
Smer, JoBephlne Neumann. EMward
Couch. Mrs. U. K Normallne. Pedro
r/Uj-7 John A. Quadt. Louis
J>!urj'. Kllzabeth Ciulnn. Alice
y-.-z-n Mrs. Carolina Robinson. AJin
Ko;«y Francis L. Rooney. Francis
F«rre«, ilr«. Agnes Sandin, Olof
GUlitsic John F. fian born. Alexander
Of,l<mti Mette Sheohy. Marraret
OrFD^i!, Hart i. Fhort. Patrick
gwhwingtoo. Jo*. H. HmJtn.- Jarvis L.
WcrriiTA Marraret WellhflnnT. Aaron
McMatiuk iu«« Wolf. Jacob
BOTTET^— i n Ocean View. December 2S, 1300.
AugUFta. beloved wife of J. A. Bowers, only
daughter >'. Jajnes and Sarah Patten, and be-
loxed JTiottKr of Sarah. James and Josephine
Bowers, a native of Sr<nland. agt-d 22 years.
Cy»ion1s and acquaintances are respect-
fully lavitftd to attend the funeral thle day
<Satuniayj, at « o'clock, from Druids' Tera-
pJe, corner Fourteenth and Folsom ' Btreets,
th«?nc« to Ft Michael's Church, Ocean. View,,
~bere a «o!eir.n requiem' inate will be ceie-
MABBIED.
KKID— PLAX T— In this city. December 27. 19W.
by the Bev. William C. Pond, 'tt Illiam H.
Reid and Ida B. Plant, both of San Fran-
rlsco.
E1RTES— MARRIAGES— DEATHS.
BOBU. *
Birth, isarrlage s.t.4 death aotie*s sent by
mail will act be inserted. They murt be handad
In at either of the publication offices and be
lD<Jcrs<*a with the r.ame and resldenoe of per-
acEs authorixeil to have the same publlEhed.
KXHX— ni thle city. December 18, 1200. to the
w.fe of Leopoll Kabn. a eon.
METER— In this city. December 27. 1S00. to
the wife cf E. A. Meyer, a «ca-
HILLEH^In this city. December W. 1900. to
the ¦wife of Henry Miller, a »on.
21AJ1IIIAGE I.ICEUSZS.
The following marriage licenses wer« Issued
ye*t«-n!ay:
Pascal Bellocq, 24. OsOdand, and Marl* Pede-
cuveux. SO. Oakland-
Lercy Ev Spooncer, 20, 15 Madison avenue, and
Krr.rna C. Kruse. 21, 13 Sladison avenue.
Edwin It Enyder. 28. Alaraeda. and Sara B.
UewtJlyn. 3, Oretley. Cal.
Victor F\ Becker. 28. £C3 Have* street, and
liose P. Olaser. 21. 2Z0& ila»on street.
Tecuaaseh P. Sherman, 2«, Oakland, and Jen-
cie K. Wi: llama, £0. city.
Benjamin Delmas, IS, 1120 Stockton «tre«t.
and Clotilde Cavalle, 23. Ii23 Stockton ctreet.
Thoina* J. rnenea, SO, city, and Jooephlne
A_ Schuie. 2S, city.
Anton Syies, SI, 650 Twentieth etreet, aad
Ar.nle King, £4, 600 Twentieth street.
Gecrce J- R- Emith, U, 745 Harrison street.
msiA Asrr.es S. Handy. 26. 747 Harrison etreet.
LEGAL ADVEIITISESIC.NTS.
THE public is hereby Informed that the Cura-
tor of Elate property will sell at auction, at
Papeete (Tahiti), on the 6th of February,
1901. the fine Government schooner "Papeete"
cf 110 tons burden, with all Its sails and rig-
i.:- i. the «-hole in excellent condition: the
opening hid will be 25.000 francs; this vessel
built at Fan Francisco, In 1S?2, may be con-
verted Into either a yacht or a merchant vts-
6fl »t a iana»>rate cntt.
DIVIDEND Notice — The German Savings and
Lean Society. IT* California street. For ths
half ypar ending with December EL 1300. a
dividend fcas teen declared at the rate of
three and one-quarter <S1i) per cent per an-
num on e.11 cTcfits. free cf taxes, payable
on and after V.edneeday. January 2. 130L
GEORGE TOURNT. Secretary.
EAN Francisco Savings Union. IZ2 California
et.. corner Wetb. For the half rear ending
•w'.tb the fist of December, 1900, a dividend has
been cellared at the rate per annum of thre«
and six-tenths <3 6-10) per cent on term de-
pcsHs and three (3) per cent on ordinary de-
posits, free cf taxes, payable en and after
Vedneeday, January J. 1901^
LOVELL WHITE, Cashier.
A DIVTDETND in liquidation cf 3 per cent on
all deposits has been declared by The Califor-
nia Savings and Lean Society, payable on and
after Friday. December 14, 1SO0, at the office
cf the society. Mills building. 2d floor, room
2S. CHA6. D. FARQUHARSOX. Secretary.
KUMBOLDT Eaviixs ana Lcaa Society, 11
Geary et.— The directors have declared a divi-
dend of SVi per cent per annum on Its de-
posits, payable on *nd after January 2. 1ML
ERXEST BRAND. Secretary.
DIVIDEND NOTICE— Dividend No. 112 (fifty
certs per share) cf the Ocear.ic Steamship
Company will be payable at the office of
the company. S27 Market St., on and after
Wednesday. January 2. 1P01. Transfer bocks
close on Wedcetxiay. December r«. 1SOC. at 3
o'clock p. m. E. H. FHELDOX, Secy.
DIVIDEND NOTICE— Mutual Savlr.gs Bank of
Pan Frar.cisco. £3 Post et.— For the half year
enfilng December SI. 19C0. a dividend has been
declared at the rate cf three (3) per cent per
annum oa all deposit*, free of taaes, pay-
able en &rA after Wednesday, January 2, 1SCL
*- -- OEOHOEA. STORY. Caehier. .
BAVIJCGS and Loan Society. 101 Montgomery
et.. corner of Sutter — The Board of Directors
declared a dividend for the term ending De-
cember SI, 1K)O. at the rate of three aad one-
quarter O^) per cent per annum on all de-
posits, free of taxes, and payable on and after
January 2. 1901. Dividends net called for are
added to. and bear the sair.e rate of dividend
as, the principal, from ar.<3 after January L
1SCL .CYRUS W. CARMAXY. Cashier.
DIVIDEXD NOTICES.
OFFICE cf Tfce Hlbernla Savlngrs and Loan
Booiety, corner Market. McAllister and Jones
' eu». £an Franclico, Dec. 2S, 19M.— At a reg-
u'.ar meeting 1 cf the Board of Directors of tele
Society, heid this fiay, a dividend has been
declared at the rate of three and one-eighth
'3^9-) per cent per annum on all deposits for
the elx months ending December 21, 1900, fre»
from all taxes, and payable on and after
J&r.uary 2. WOL
ROBERT J. TOBIN, Secretary.
Santa Fe
Trains-Daily <
LEAVE MARKET-STREET FERRT lyKPUT.
Local ! Over- StocSc-
Ezpress ]*n4 ton
-«» Dally. Daily. Local.
Leave —
San Francisco 7:20 am S:0O pm 4:20 pta
Arrive—
Stockton 19:25 am 11:06 pel 7:35 pa
Merced 12:25 pm 1:15 fun *
Fresno 2:20 pm 3:05 ana ........
Handford .... 4:32 pm 7:M am
Visalla 4:10pm 4:45 am ........
Tulare 4:27 pm 5:05 ant ........
BaJkersfletd ... 8:50 pm 7:30 am Tunis.
Kansas City — . 7:80 am ' ¦¦¦¦¦¦<
Chicago" 9:00 pm ........
9 A. M. train Is the CALIFORNIA LIMITED.
Corresponding train arrives at 5:J5 P. M. Cally.
4:20 P. M. Is STOCKTON LOCAL. Corre-
sponding train arrives 11:03 A. M. dally.
8:00 P.M. is the OVERLAND EXPRESS,
with through Palace and Tourist 81e«p«rs.
Corresponding train arrives at 5:55 P. M. daily.
7:20 A. M. Is BAKERSFIELD LOCAL, stop-
ping at all points In San Joaquin Valley. Cor-
respondinar train arrives at 8:40 A. M. daily.
OFFICES— «41 MARKET ST. and la FERRT
DEPOT. SAN FRANCISCO; 1113 BROADWAY.
OAKLAND.
MOUNT TAMALPAIS RAILWAY
Leaves San Francisco, Tla Sausallto Ferry:
WEEK DAYS... .9:15 a. m.; 1:45 and 4:00 p. m.
SUNDAYS 8:00, 10:00. 11. JO and 1:U p. m.
Fare, Eaa Francisco to Summit aad Rstara.
$1 40.
NEW TAVERN OF TAMALPAIS NOW OMBt.
Ticket offices. (21 Market st.. Sausallto Ferry.
OCEAN TBAVEL.
Pacific Coast Steamship Co.
*k Steamers leave BroaJiray
fc^ wharf, San Francisco:
V7>>. For Alaskan Ports— 11 a, m.,
r^aSfe^ Dec - 2 -- 2T> Jan - *• Changs ta
¦RwJCQSSsi company's steamers at Seattle.
KrV a^!\^^ For Victoria, Vancouver IB.
H^^QIjWl C), Port Townsend. Seattle.
f^mZL^Spqj Taccma, E\-erett, Anacortcs
I ai »d New Wnatcora (Wash.)—
*v H a. m.. Dec. 22. 77. Jan. 1
and every fifth day thereafter.
Change at Seattle for this company's et earners
for Alaska and O. N. Ry.; at Seattle cr Ta-
coma to N. P. Ry.; at Vancouver to C. P. Ry.
For Eureka, Humboldt Bay— 2 p. m., Dec.
24, 29. Jan. 3. and every fifth day thereafter.
For San Dleg-o. stopping only at Santa Bar-
bara. Port Los Angeles and Redoado (Los An-
geles)— Steam-r Queen, Wednesdays, i a. m. ;
steamer Santa Rosa, Sunday", » a. in.
For Santa Cruz, Monterey. San Simeon, Cay-
ucos. Port Harford (San Luis Obispo). Gavlota
Santa Barbara. Ventura. Bueneme. San Pedro,
East San Pedro (Los Angeles) and Newport-
Steamer Corona. Fridays. 9 a. in.; steamer
Eonlta. Tuesdays. 9 a. m.
For Essenada, Magdalena Bay, Saa Jose de!
Cabo, Uazatlan. Altata. La Pax. Santa Rosalia
and Guaymas (Mex.)— 10 a. m. 7th eaoa month.
For further Information obtain company' s
folders.
The company reserves th» right to change
steamers, sailing dates and hotirs of sailing
without previous notice.
GOODALL. PERKINS A CO.. Gea. Agents.
W Market st.. San Francisco.
THE 0. R. & NTcoi
DISPATCH FAST STEAMERS TO
:p o Pt t l .a.2st:d
From Spear-street Wharf at 11 a. m.
FARF f I?/ Irst f'2f » Xaclu'dfijf; Berth
f Mill. $8 Second Class and ileali.
COLUMBIA Sails Dec. 24rjaa. t
GEO. W. ELDER Sails Dec. 29
Short Line to Walla 'Walla. Spokane. Butt*.
Helena and all points in the Northwest.
Through tickets to all points East.
E, C. WARD, General Agent.
¦ 630 Market ft.
TOYO KEEN KAISHA.
STEAMERS WILL LEAVE WHARF. COR-
ner First and Brannan streets, at 1 p. m..
for YOKOHAMA and HOSGKOXQ, calling at
Kobe (Hlcgo), Nagasaki and Shanghai, aad
connecting at Hongk^^a, with steamers for In-
dia, etc. No cargo received on board oa day of
SS. AMERICA MARtJ
Saturday. December t9. 1900
SS. HONGKONG MARU
Thursday. January J4, 1301
BS. NIPPON MARU
Tuesday. February 19. 1901
Round-trip tickets at reduced rates. For
freight and passage apply at company's office.
421 Market street, corner First.
W. H. AVKRY. General Agent.
AMERICAN LINE.
fjxv YOU. 80CTHAJCPT0H. M3D0H. T1XXX
Stopping at Cherbourg, westbound.
From New York Every Wednesday. 10 a. ra.
St. Louis Dec. 26iNoor'llaad Jaa. 14
New York.-. Jan." 2 Friesland Jan. 23
Kensington Jan. SlVaderland Jan. SO
RED STAR LINE; $
Maw York and Antwerp.
From New Tork Every Wednesday, 13 Noon.
¦Westernland ...Dec. 26|Noordland Jan. 1*
"Westernland ...Jan. 2 Friesland Jan. 23
Kensington Jan. 3 I Southward Jaa. S9
INTERNATIONAL NAVIGATION CO3IPAXT.
CHAS. D. TAYLOR.
General Agent Pacific Coast.
SO Montgomery st.
tlCttJiML 43.5X0. H*U10i»aSYD»EY,
VVVUUIV VW'VW DIRECT LIKE TO TAMU
SS- ALAMEDA. for Honolulu. Samoa. X«w
Zealand and Australia
Wednesday, January 2. 1901. at 9 p. m.
BS. AUSTRALIA, for Tahiti
Sunday. January 8. 4 p. m.
SS. ZEALANDIA (Honolulu only)
. Wednesday. January 18. I p. in.
I D.3PEECKELS & BROS. CO., 6«ml tanls. 327 Hariit St
Eu'l Passenger Otto, 843 Marfat II, Pbr la. 7. Pacfls U
PANAMA R, R, ™
To NEW YORK via PANAMA Direct
•S. S. ROANOKE sails Januarf 8,
S.S.ST. PAUL sails January 29,
From wharf, foot of Fremont it, tt 1 ;. n
Freight and passenger office. S3O Market st.
F. F. CONNOR. Pacific Coast Agent. .
COXPAGSIE GENEEALS TEAS3ATLANTIQDT!.
DIRECT LIXE TO HAVRE-PARIS. »^.^_
Sailing every Thursday, instead of 4S*FhT\
eaturday. at 10 a. m.. from Pier Q. -i*-"-*
North Rlrer. foot cf Morton rtreet. First clans
to Havre. |53 and ujrward. Second class to
Havre, *45 and upward. OENERAL AOENCT
FOR UNITED STATES AND CANADA. 83
Broadway (Hudson building). New Tork. J.
F. FUGAZI tt CO.. Pacific Coast Agents. S
Montgomery avenue, San Francisco. Tickets
¦old by all Railroad Ticket Agents.
BAY AND RIVER STEAMERS.
"Iff U/sThAYY YARD AUD WL1EJ8. ~
Steamer "Alontloella.*'
HON., Tues.. Wed., Thurs. and Sat. at 9:45
a. m.. 1:15. 8:30 p. m. (ex. Thurs. night); Fri-
days 1 p. m and 8:30; Sundays. 10:30 s. m., S
p m. Landing and office. Mission-street Dock,
Pier No. 2. Telephone Main 1508.
¦ FARE «0c
SDr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
629 KE.4R.VX ST. Established
In 1 H54 for tne treatment of Private
Diseases. Lost Manhood. Debility or
disras* wearlngon body and mind and
Skin Diseases. The Doctor care* whea
others fall. Try him. Charges low.
1'nrr* znnmntrrtt. Call or write.
Dr. J. *'. (JIBBU>. Baa Francisco. CaL -
ASSESSMI2CT Notice— Honolulu Bugar Com-
pary, location of principal place of business
8aa Frasdsco. Cal.— Notice is hereby riven
that at a in*etla« of the board of directors,
held en the 17th day of December, 1300, an
assessment. No. 11. of nlr.e <J9) dollars per
chare was levied upon the capital stock of the
ccrporatloTw payable Immediately la fnlted
Elates geld coin, to the secretary, at the of-
fice cf the conipany, 2:>7 Market street, fian
Francisoo, Cal.
Asy stock upen which this assessment shall
rercain uspeid en the 30th day of January,
19CL will b« delinquent and aflvertiied for
cala at public auction, ar '. tinleeg pa>-ment
is inafie b«fore will be eold on Tuesday, the
ISth day of February. 1&C1. to pey the de-
ltaau«ct asscsunent, together with the cost
cf advertieins and expenses cf sele.
E. H. SHELDON,
Secretary of Honolulu Sugar Company.
Office located at 227 Market street. Saa
ASEESSilENT Notice-Honolulu Plar.ta.tlo-
Cosipany, location of priaclpal place cf bu-=l-
ReKa, San Francisco. Cal.— Notice is hereby
sTlven th#.t at a meetingr or the board of di-
rectors, held en the I7ta day cf December.
1900, aa asseesiceat, No. ;. cf one (|1) dollar
p«r chare wag levied upon the capital eto~k
o{ the corporation, payable immediately la
T_ sited Statee gold coin, to the secretary at
the oTf.ce of the ccn-.pary. KT7 Market street,
6s.n Fraaclsco. Cal. -
Any stock upon which this assessment ehall
remain tnpeJd on the 30th day of January
UCl. wlJl b» delinquent and advertised for
eale at public auction, and unless payment is
r=ade belore, will be sola on Tuesday the
Win day of February, uol to pay the de-
linquent asses«mect, tof^tfcer with the cost
of advertlslns; and exp«cser of sale.
E H. SHELDON.
Eecretarr of Hoaolu'.u Plantation Company
Office located at K7 Market etreet. San
Franci *oo, Cal .
ASSESS5IE>T XOTICES.
socTEir.it* rAdiric coxpaht.
(FAOiriO SYSTEM.)
Yrmlna !•»«• nu.l •»!•• dim la »rrl *• •!
MAN FICANCintU*.
(Main line, root ot Market Street)
tKAVC — Fkok Dscsueeb 1. 1900. — akxiyb
•7iOOa Benlcia. Sutiun, Elinlrs, VaeaTiSe,
Ramsey and b»cr»mento *7sfBr
¦7iO«a Shasta Express— DaTls, Williams (for
Bartlett Sprinp). Willows, Bed
Bluff. Bnrtland. IMt
•7tXe a Martinez, B»n Kanion, Vallejo. Raps, __
Callstnga and Santa Row •Bill*
•S:«»a Davu, Woodland. Knight* Landing.
Maryutille, Oro? Ille. •7«t8»
•8:00a Atlantic Express— Ogden aad East •!««»
•»:«oa Niloi. LlTermor* Tracj, Lalhiop,
; Stockton •7»1S»
•S:UOa Sau Jose, Llterrpote, .Stockton, •
lone, Sacramento. PlaeerTllle,
MarrsTllle, Chlco, lte<l Bluff Mil-Ip
•StSOi Oakdale, Chinese, Sonora. Carters... MsISp
•<i:«o* Hajwarda. Nile* and Way Stmtlona. •! I il*»
•umui Los Angelei Express — Martinez.
Tracy, l*throp. btockton, Muced
«y Fresno aud Let Angeles •7:l»r
-'•fl:8O* Vallelo. Martinez aud Way Station! m »t*»r
• 10:00* Tha Oterland Limited— Ogden, Den-
Ter, Omaha. Chicego "»'*"
•II :00a Nile*. Stockton, Hacramento, Men-
dots, Fresno, Htoford, VUalia,
PorteMlUe Mil»»
¦I 1:OOa LlTermore. Sanger. Goshen Junc-
tion, Bakenfield. Los Angeles
»l:O»r Sacrameuto Uiier Sta«ine»« t>»'">"A
•3:0«r Hay wards. N<les and Waj 8Utlons. *»i4a P
•tMHtr Martinez. Hau IUmon, Vallejo,
Napa. C'allnloga, Santa Kosa •Vila*
•«iO«FBsnlcia. Winters, 8aeram«nto,
Woodland, Kuights Landing.
M.rys.ille. OrOTllle 'J 1 ** 4
•4i»op Haywarda, JNilea and San .lose t»««*A
•5:00r Nlles, lirennore and Stockton •10:43a
0.1:i>Op Buciet Limited. El Paso, New
Orleans and East. «10i15a
•3:00rTbe Owl Limited— Tr»oy. Fresno. :
Bakeraaeld. Haugus tor Santa Bar-
bara, Los Aneeles. MOiISa
*3tOOp New Orleant Express-lSakersfleld.
Santa lUrliara. I.os Acge'.es, Dem-
Idk. £1 Paso, New Orleans and
East • •T'* 1 **
•OsOOp Hay wards. Niles and San Joas •7»«-"»»
t«:O«r Vallejo •II|4»*
•Ui'JOr Oriental Mall-Ojden, Chejenne.
Omaha. Chicago »8:48p
*«J:OOr Oriental Mail— Ogden, Denver,
Omaha. Chicago. MslSp
•7«OOr Oregon and California Kzpren.Has.
. raiiieutn, MarjitllU. Itediting,
1'oi-tlim.l. 1'nget Honi.J and Kuk *8t43A
*fli>3p8an Pablo, Port Costa. Martinez
and Way SUUops 1 1 =*•'*
l»tOSP Vallejo »11»4»A
COAST IHVISIO* («arr«rf Oanue).
(Foot ot Market Street.)
•it: in a Newark. CenterTtlle,8aoJose.Felton,
Boulder Creek.Haii ta Oral and Way
HUtlons ••««•»
tBil.tr Newark, Ceuter»illo, Sau Jose, New
Almaden, Fsiton, llonlder OrMi,
Santa Cms and Principal Way
StaUous flOi!JO»
•4ilSr Newark. San Jose, Lcs Oatos "StSOa
a » : ; t Op Hunyr.' > Ex«urrion, Baa J«*^
CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
rrtmSlI raiNOISCO— Tint tt Karkst Slrttt (3U» 8) —
t7;15 0 : 00 11:00 A.M. 1:03 3:03 S'C3r.i>.
fumOHLllll— r»«l »f Br«»d«ij.— t«:OO tB:0O tS.-O*
_ 10:00a.m. 11:03 3:00 4:03 '5:03 r.M.
COAST DIVISIOX (UroaJ (Jauge).
(Third and To* mend 8ta.)
"?•i I OA.Ocos.il View, South Han FraneUco.. t»«S«T
*7:O»A Ban Joso and Way Buttons (Nsw
Almadsn Wedne«daii ouljf) *liBOy
••tOOA Han Jute. Tres Piuos. BauU Cms. '
Paeitta UroTe. Paso ltobles. Ban •
l.nis Ohtspo. Hiirf. Lompoo aud
Principal War Buttons Mil**
•l«i«o» Ban Jose and War HtaUooa ••iSKa
•IIiSOa Sau Jose and Way Stations »ai30F
t3i43pSsn Mateo, Ksdwood, Menlo Park,
Palo Alto. SanU Clara, San Jote.
Tres Pinos. 8auU Cmr, Salinas,
Monterey and PaotBa Grove fl«tS«A
flinor 8an Jose and Way Stations <7>3ar
f4:18r San Josetnd Principal Way Stations *9:43a
' t3:OOr3an Jote, Los Gfttoa snd Prlacipil
WaySUtlon *»s©Oa
¦S:3Op Sau Jose aud Principal Way Stations *S<S.1a
: <ai3Op 8au Jose aud Way Statloua ». 4 S:OOa
«ll:45r 3au Joseand Way Stations.., *7;3Op
A for MorntDf . P for Aiteraoon.
'Dally. - t Sunday eieepted. {SaudayoBlj.
7 Mondays, Wednesdays, Friday*,
c Tuesdays, Thursdays, Sundays.
a Saturday onlr S ,
CALIFORNIA NORTflWESTERN RY. CO.
LESSEIE
SAN FRANCISCO AND NORTH PACIFIC
RAILWAY COMPANY.
T1BURON FEBRT— FOOT OF MARKET ST.
San Francisco to San Rafael.
WEEK DATS— 7:30. 9:00, 11:00 a. ra.; 12:15, 1:10.
6:10, 1:80 p. m. Thursdays— Extra trip at 11:30
p. m. Saturdays— Extra trips at 1:50 and
11:10 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 8:00. 9:30. 11:00 a. m.; 1:3*, S:M.'S:H.
j fi:20 p. m. . ,
* San Rafael to San Francisco.
WEEK DATS— 6:10. 7:50. »:20, 11:19 a. m.; 12:45,
S:40, B:10 p. m. Saturday 9~ Extra trip* at l:i»
and 6:35 p. m.
EUNDATS- 8:10. »:«0. U:lt a. m.; 1:40. 3:4fl, «:05.
«:25 p. m.
Between San Francisco and Scbuetsen Park,
same schedule as above.
Leave j In Effect j * r ArrT»»
Ban Francisco. I Not. 7. 1900. I San Francisco.
Week J Sun- I I Sun- I Week
Days. | days. | Destination. [ days. I Days.
7:30 am 8:00 am Novato. « 10:40 am 8:40 am
1:30 pm 9:30 am Fetaluma. 6:05 pm 10:25 am
6:10 pm 6:00 pin Santa Rosa. 7:35 pm 6:23 pm
Fulton.
7:80 am Windsor, 19:25 am
Healdsburj,
Lytton. .
G«yservtU«.
t :S0 pm 8:00 am Cloverdale. 7:35 pm l:Upm
7:30 am! I Hopland I I
I 8:00 ami and Uklah. | 7:3 pmf 1:23 pm
7:30 ami ¦ I 10:25 am
i 8:00 am OuerneTlIla. I 1:35 pm
1:30 pm I , P' <:»pm
f :30 am COO am Sonoma I 9:1S ami 8:40 am
and
6:10 pm 5:00 pm Glen Ellen. | 6:08 pm t:» pm
7:30 ami 8:00 ami : ~" .110:40 am|10:S5 am
8:30 pmf 5:00 pmf Sebartopot. I 7:35 pm| «:22 pm
Btages connect at Santa Ro«a (or Mark West
Springs and White Sulphur Spring*; at Fulton
for Altruria: at Lytton for Lytton Springs: &t
Oeyservllla for Skaggs Springs: at CloverdaU
for the Geysers; at Hopland for Duncan
Springs, Highland Springs. Kelseyvllle, Carls-
bad Springs, Soda Bay. Lakeport and Bartlett
Springs; at Uklah for Vichy Springs, Saratoga
Springs. Blue Lakes. Laurel Del! Lake. Witter
Springs, Upper Lake. Porno, Potter Valley.
John Day's, Riverside. LJerley*s. Bucknell s.
Sannediin Heights. Hull vine, Orr's Hot Springs.
Mendoclno City. Fort Bran;, Weetport. Usal,
Wlllets, Laytonvlle, Cummlnrs. Bell's Spring*,
Harris, Cisens, Dyer, Scotia and Eureka.
Saturday to Monday round-trip tickets at re-
duced rates. • *
On Sundays, round-trip tickets to all points
beyond San Rafael at half rates.
Ticket office, 650 Market st. Chronicle bulld-
Ine. R. X. RTAN.
H. C. WHITING. Gen. Pass. A*t.
Gen. Manager. '
NORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD.
Via Sausallto F«rry- ¦
Commencinr September 30. 1300.
FROM SAM FRANCISCO TO MILT. VAT.T.TCT
¦AND SAN RAFAEL. ,
WEEK DAYS— 4:53. •3:15. 11:00 «. m.. "1:45
3:15. 4:00, 5:15, *fi:13. 6:40 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPSi-For Mill Valley and Saa
Rafael - on Mondays. Wednesdays . and Sat-
urdays at 9:00 and 11:35 p. m.
SUNDAYS—^CO. *10:00. . *U:30 a. m.. I.U.
2:15, *4:45. 6:30, 9:00 p. m.
Trains marked (•> run to San Quenttn.
FROM SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCI3CO.
WEEK DAYS— 5:20. *8:30. 7:45. 9:30 a. m..
•12:30. 1:45. *3:30. 4:30. 5:20 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays. Wednesdays
and Saturdays at 6:45 and 10:20 p. m.
SUNDAYS-6:2O. *SM, •10:00, *U:45 a. m..
•1:40. •2:15. 4:45. »6^0 p. m. . . > -
' Trains marked (•) start from San Quentin.
FROM MILL VALLET TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— 6:45, «:45. 7:55, 9:30 a. m..
U:S3, 2:18. 3: JO, '4:54.-6^3 p. m. . .
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays. Wednesdays
and Saturdays at 7:10 and 10:20 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 8:05, 10:05 a. m.. 12:06. 2:15, J: JO.
COO. 6:45 P- rn.
THROUGH TRAINS.
1:55 a. m. week days— Cazadero and way
stations. igWH» uHBf <M»'tlgmff
IMS p. m. Saturdays— Tomales and -. way
stations. '
8:00 a. m. Sundays — Tomales and 'way
stations. -*"-.- •¦ ' ¦ - '
Weekly C2l11,$1.00 per Yeai*
ALWAYS bargains la typewriters; any make
™> v I? PriCWI t0 U & ALEXANDER;
110 Mcr.tgomery et.
A\D SITPLICS.
G f^ A £ D^GAINn5rTTPEwiuTERS^wJ
tell better machines for less money than any
house in the city; rentals. $3. The Typewriter
Excfaar-ge. ICS California; telephone Main wY
HDKINS Van and Etcrase Co.. 722 Mission st-
'•el. Main IMP: shipping at cut rates.
t £I£5f£! E^J^ )^J^nEHOCSI2S.
VTU&QSi _BROS.. storage axul movin«T'covered
v>-aa. Tenth and Market: phone South 763.
SLOT machines— Satest style: $49 each. 1167
Market tt.. bet. Seventh and Eighth?
SLOT MACU1XES.
BOUGHT, fold, rented, repaired; needles and
thntt'.fs: reduced rates. 145 €th: phone Mint 5.
ALL kinds bought, cold, rented, exchanjred. re-
palrec; cytn even.; phene Black 1124. !KS 4tn.
6EW1NG MACHINES AND SUPPLIES-
ALL k'.ncs boupht. sold and repalrins guaran-
teed. Charles l'lambeck. 1$15 Mission, nr. 5th.
A WEEK'S hptts for 5 cents — The Weekly CalL
H pajres. in v. rarper. for mailing, tl per year!
BAD tenants ejected for $4; collections made-
city cr ccuntry. PACIFIC COLLECTION CO
415 Mor.tE-c-5i«-i-y £t,. rooms S-l0: tel. ESSO.
Sandin. from his late residence, 274 Crescent
avenue, near Mission and Thirty-fourth
streets, to-morrow (Sunday), at 2 o'clock. By
order of CARL A. HAGSTROM,
President.
C. A. ANDERSON", Rec. Secretary.
SHEEHY— In this city, December 28, 1900, Mar-
garet, widow of the late Robert Sheehy.
E7" Funeral services will be held at St.
Mary's Cathedral December 31. at 10 o'clock.
Interment private. No flowers.
BHORT— At his residence. Bray avenue. Fruit-
vale, December 27, 1900. Patrick Bhort, a na-
tive of Tyrone, Ireland.
SMITH— In the City and Count- Hospital, De-
cember 28. 1800, Jarvls L. Smith} a native of
Ohio, aced 68. years.
WEIL— in this city, December 28, 1900. Bertna.
beloved wife of Leopold A. Well, mother of
Mrs. Leopold Well. Mrs. Sol Sondhetmer and
Adele. Alexander L. and Al B. Well, and sis-
ter of Alexander Leiter and Lena W.ell, a
native of Germany, aged 68 years 11 months
and 22 days.
Cy Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), at 10:15 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence. 909 Ellis street. Interment Home of
Peace Cemetery, by 11:30 o'clock train from
Third and Townsend streets. (
WBILHEIMKR— In Fresno, Cal./ December 28,
1&0O. Aaron, beloved son of Sophie and the
late Sells-man Wellhelmer, husband of the
late Adeline Weilhelmer, father of Lilian and
Louts Wellheimer. and brother of Mrs. Celia
Marks and Julius. Henry and Samuel E.
Weilhelmer, a native of Mountain View, CaL.
aged 42 years 6 months and 17 days.
E?" Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), from Third and Townsend streets,
by train leaving at 11:30 o'clock. Services
will be held at Home of Peace Cemetery.
WOLF— In this city. December 28, 1900, Jacob,
beloved husbandi of Annie Wolf, father of
Hattle, Llllia and Arthur Wolf, son of Jacob
and Lizzie Wolf, ' and brother of •Abraham.
Morris. David and Joseph Wolf, J*s. L. M.
Halnes, Mrs. Betsey Isaacs and Mrs. Gusta
Joseph, a native of Germany, aged 62 years.
brated for the repose of her soul, eommenc-
igK at 10 o'clock. Interment Holy Cross
CALHOU>J-In this city. DecembeV 17. 1900.
James, beloved son of Mrs. "William Calhoun.
and brother of William, Charles. Frank.
Mary and Rosa Calhoun. a. native of San
Francisco, aeed 23 years.
JET Remains at the parlors of the United
•I-ndertakers, 27 and 2S Fifth street. Inter-
ment Laurel Hill Cemetery.
In this city, December tl, 1900, B. L.
Clapp, axred 40 years. A member of the Mu-
sicians' Mutual Protective Union No. 6 and
late president of the San Francisco Labor
Council.
Cy Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), at 10:30 o'clock, from Unloa-square
Hall, 421 Post street, where funeral services
vail be held under the auspices of the Musi-
cians' Mutual Protective Union. Remains at
the parlors of H. P. Petersen & Co^ 228 Mc-
Allister street.
CRAMER— In New Tork City. December^ 22,
1900. Josephine Cramer, beloved sister of Mrs.
Annie Doyea, a native of Hyannls. Mass.
Eyjfotlce of funeral hereafter.
COUCH — In this city, Mrs. M. K. Couch,
mother of Mrs. J. VT. Oould and Ira Couch.
DALY— In this city. December 28. 1900. John
A., beloved son of Mrs. W. J. McDonald and
the late Martin Daly, and brother of James
and William Daly, Mrs. "William L. Dolan
and the late Mary E. Daly, a native of San
Francisco, aged 20 years and 7 mouths.
C7Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
{Sunday), at 9:30 o'clock, from bis late resi-
dence, »A Illinois street, thence to Bt. Tere-
• ea's Church, where a requiem mass will be
said for the repose of his soul, commencing
at 8:45 o'clock. Interment Mount Calvary
Cemetery.
DELURY— In this city. December 28. 1900,
Elizabeth, dearly beloved wife of William
¦ I>?lury. mother of David Golee, and sister of
JoEerh Kirby. a native of San Francisco,
as«-d S3 years 1 month and 20 days. (Tracy
papers please copy.)
C7" Notice of funeral hereafter. Remains at
the parlors of CastaEnetto & Ravenna, 643-645
Vallejo etreet
EITZEN— In this city, December 27, 1800,
Mrs. Carolina Eitzen. dearly beloved mother
of William J. Christ, a native of Hamburg.
Germany, a^ed 48 years and 7 months.
(C7Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), at 2 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 2766 Twenty-flrst street, between Bry-
ant and Florida. Interment Odd Fellows'
Cemetery.
FOLETT— In this city, December 28, U00, Fran-
cis Linus, beloved son of William E. and
. Margaret Foley, and brother of Thomas M-,
William R. and Alfred E. Foley, a native of
San Francisco, aged 3 years 3 mouths and S
days.
FORREST— In Riverside, December 2S, 1900,
Mrs. Agnes Forrest, a native of Annan-
Dumfries-shire, Scotland, aeed 73 years 8
months and 8 days.
C7Friends are respectfully invited, to at-
tend the funeral this day (Saturday), at 2
o'clock, from the First United Presbyterian
Church, corner of Golden Gate avenue and
Pclk street. Interment Cypress Lawn Ceme-
tery. •
GILLISFIU— In this city, December Z7. 1900,
John Francis, beloved son of Thomas and
Mary Gillisple, and dearly beloved brother of
Mrs. Albert Tissot and Thomas J. Gillisple, a
native of Ban Francisco, aged 26 years 2
months and 10 days. •
fC7Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), at 11:30 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 2411 Folsom street, thence to St. Peter's
Church for services at 1 o'clock. Interment
Holy Cross Cemetery-
GOLDMA-N — On Grand Island. Sacramento
County. December 27. 1900. Mette Goldman,
wife cf Charles Goldman, mother of Christian
J. Goldman and Mrs. C. F. Rugrles, a na-
tive of Denmark, apod 75 years and 8 montfau.
C^Friends and acquaintancee are respect-
fully invited to attend tha funeral this day
(Saturday), at 2 o'clock, from the funeral
parlors of Clark & Booth. 1017 Fourth street.
Sacramento. Interment City Cemetery.
GREXELL — In this city, December 2S. 1900,
Hart I., beloved husband of Helen M- Gren-
ell, a native, of Adams, N. T.. aged 69 years
Z months and 14 days. »
EyiCotioe of funeral hereafter.
HnTHEItlNGTOX— In Los Aneeles December
27, WOO, Joseph H. Hethexinetoo, husband of
Helen Hetherington, and father of Myrtle B.
enfl Clarence E. Hetherington. a native of
England, aged £0 years.
KOCH— In this city. December 26, 1900, Her-
man, beloved husband of Johanna Koch, and
father of Herman, Carl and Henrietta Koch,
a native of Dusseldorf-am-Rhlne. Germany,
aped 39 years and 4 days.
C7"Frlends and acquaintances respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Saturday), at 10 o'clock, from the funeral
parlors of H. F. Maass, SI" Mission street.
Cremation I. O. O. F. Cemetery.
McELROY— In this city. December 26. WOO,
Margaret McElroy. dearly beloved wife of
Hugh McElroy, a native of Drum-Riley,
County Leitrim. Ireland, aced 49 years.
E7"Friend6 and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Saturday), at 8:30 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence. 146 Hancock street, between Eighteenth
and Nineteenth, thence to Mission Dolores
Church. Sixteenth and Dolores streets, where
a requiem hirh mass will be celebrated for
the repose of her soul, commencins at 9
o'clock. Interment Holy Ctogs Cemetery.
UcMANTJB-ln this city. December 27. 1900,
Rote, beloved wife ot the late James Mc-
Manus, mother of John and James UcManus,
and sister of Mrs. Frank Miles and Owen
Prior, a native of County Cavan, Ireland.
C^Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Saturday), at 1:30 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 408 Tenth street, thence to 8t. Jo-
seph's Church for services at 2 o'clock. In-
terment Holy Cross Cemetery.
MAGUIKE— In Oakland, December 2«, 1900, at
1215 Fifteenth avenue, Thomas MaEUlre, a
native of Massachusetts, aced 82 years. A
member of South San Francisco Lodge No. *5,
K. of P. '
C3"Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
• Sunday), at 12:30 o'clock, from the parlore of
the Gantner & Guntz Undertaking Company,
1209 Mission street, between Eighth and
Ninth, thence to Pythian Castle, SOS Market
street, where services will be held under the
auspices of South San Francisco Lodge N'o.
<;, K. of P. Interment Mount Olivet Ceme-
tery, by electric car from Fourteenth and Va-
lencia streets at 2 o'clock.
MANNIE— In this city, December 2S, 1900,
Sarah Mannie, a native of Ireland, aged 90
years.
C7Tfce funeral will take place to-morrow
<Sunday>. at 2 o'cloclc. from the residence of
her daughter. Mrs. S. D. Simmons, 618 Grove
street. Interment Masonic Cemetery.
MXTLHOLLAND— In Contra Costa County, De-
cember 2S. 1300, at hiB residence near Red
House, James, beloved husband of Annie Mul-
holland, father of William and Georgra Mul-
hoMand aiid Mrs. P. Redden, and brother of
Robert and Hush Mulholland of Oakland, a
native of County Antrim. Ireland.
C7F*riends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
<Sund8y). at 9 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, thence to St. Joseph's Church, Berke-
ley ¦whers a requiem mass will be celebrated
for the repose of his soul, commenclne at 10
o'clock. Interment St. Mary's Cemtery, Oak-
land.
\EUMAXN — In thl» olty, I>ecenibeT 28. 1900,
Edward, beloved husband of 6usan Xeunrsnn,
father of Pauline E., 8. Paul and Tlllie Neu-
mann, and brother of Paul Neumann of Hono-
lulu, a native of Germany, aged 62 years and
iryyiineral services will be held to-morrow
f Sunday), at 9:45 o'clock, at the family resi-
dence HUB Leavenworth street. Cremation,
Cypress Lawn Cemetery, by electric car from
Kighteenth and Guerrero streets.
NOrtMALJNB— In the City and County Hospi-
tal December 27. 1900, Pedro Normallne. a
native of Mexico, aged 67 years.
QUADT-In this city, December 17. 1900, Louis,
dearly beloved son of John and Maggie QuadL
and bflored brother of Mrs. ¦William Conrad
and Mamie. Joseph. A*nes and Tina Quadt,
' a native of Baa Francisco, aged 20 years and
2 months.
rXFrieTifls aad acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
fgunday), at 1 o'clock, from the residence of
his parents. 25J Thirteenth street. Interment
Holy Cross Cemetery.
QUINN— In this city. December 2S, 1900, Alice,
beloved daughter of Nellie and Georre Qulnn,
and sister of Geoff* and Loretta Qulnn. a
natlvs of San Francisco. a«-ed 11 months and
ETFriends and acquaintance* are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funwal this day
(Saturday), at 2 o'clock, from the residence
of her parents. 1S8 Lily avenue. Interment
Mount Calvary Cemetery-
KOBIKEON — In this city. December 88, 1900,
Ann Robinson, beloved mother of Frank Rob-
inson and Mrs. Mary Oospodnetich, a native
of County Louth. Ireland. ag*d 67 years.
ROONET- In this city. December 28, 1900. Fran-
cis Rooney. a native of Dublin. Ireland, aged
73 years.
SANBORN— In this city, December W. 1900.
Alexander Valpe>* Sanborn, only and dearly
beloved son of Georsenia W. Thompson, lov-
ing; brother of Theodora M. Eanborn-Murphy,
and prandson of 6. A. Carey, anatlve of
Cakland. Alaroeda County. Cal.. aped 26 years
4 tionths and 10 days.
CrTTriends and acquaintances are most re-
SD»ctfully Invited to attend the funeral this
dav <6aturday). at 2 o'clock, from his late
residence. 640 Hermann street, corner of F1U-
more. Interment private.
SANDIN— In this city, December tt, 1300, Oiof
KandJn. beloved brother of Louis and John
Handln and Mrs. Charles Quiet, a native of
Vermland, Sweden, ared 33 years 10 months
and 8 days,
C7" Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday).^ 2 o'clock, from the residence of
his sister. Mff. Charles Quist, 274 Crescent
avenuo, off Mission tstreet. opposite Thirty-
fourth, Cypress Lawn Cemetery.
OFFICERS and members of Scandinavian So-
ciety; You are hereby requested to plee.se
attend the funeral of our late member. Olof
SPECIAL KOTICES.
BAILROAD TBAVEL.
WAX TED TO LEASE.
«^JZ£P""F y a r^Pons'-ble party, to lease for
Z'JfT^. 0 ?, . yo;l * Editable building with
' }% Usht for a machine shop downtown;
would lease with an option to purchase at
the expiration cf lease. Address -with full
rartlcu'.ars box 2ST8 Call
• ¦- <!«'
• ¦ . ¦ - - ¦ . <!>
;•¦; ' 'ti
¦ ' - - if
ATQ AM-
The California Limited
starts for Chicago over the Santa Fe and gets *
,there on the third day — 75 hours.
Everything on this train * is real. :!;LAD OF FIFTEEN
SEEKING DEATH
Louis Bohm Attempts to
Shoot Himself, but the
Bullet Goes Wild.
Louis Bohm. a 15-year-old lad. whoso
mother resides at 1006 Post street, corner
of Polk, while suffering from melancholia
attempted to commit suicide last night
with the aid of a self-cocking 22-ealibor
pistol. The bullet went wide, but tho
shock prostrated the boy and he was re
moved to the Receiving Hospital for
treatment.
The lad Is precocious beyond his year*.
"When a lad of 5 years his father died and
since that time he has buffeted against
the world, earning his living and goln?
through all the trials and tribulation*
that .a child of his years could endure.
His last place of employment, which ho
recently left, was at tho Palace Hote 1
news stand
?v. 1^^. nJ Sht he was at horns and claims
that his younger brothers accused him oi
belns a thief and having stolen some of
his mother s Jewelry and other trinket*
He proceeded to chastise the younger rel
a-nves and his mother reprimanded him.
Then he drew a little platol. put It a^
far from his head as he could and pullcl
tje trf ss«". The pistol went off and the
child was uninjured. He was removed to
the Receiving Hospital suffering from the
SHOCK.
Young Bohm has been in the hoypital
before. According to the diagnosis of tho
physicians and attendants he is afflicted
with a suicidal mania and while apparent
ly brisrnt needs restraint. None of hi^
relatives visited him at the hospital.
In the Divorce Court.
Suits for divorce were granted yester
cay to Sadie A. Atkinson from John M.
ri^ (1( for^ cn i eltv - Jessle H - t°™s
™ r» » ip l L Jones for d^ertion. and
J^a Bclknap from Alden Belknap for de
pertinn.
Suits for divorce were filed yesterday
jLi? /' Hatcl1 a&^nst Augustus
Hatoh for aeaertlop; Kugenla LucianI
epinst Ancxlo LucianI for desertion, and
Maude Cooper acralr.st Oeorge A. Cooper
for failure to provide.
SAYS BOABD OF PUBLIC
WORKS IS NEGLIGENT
Federation of Mission Improvement
Clubs Blames It for Condition
of Fourteenth Street.
Th«> Federation of Mission Improvement
<"!ubs has directed the attention of the
Board of Supervisors to the impassable
condition of Fourteenth street, between
Guerrero and Dolores. In a communica
tion to the board th«' federation accuses
the Board of Public Works of being neg
liper.t of its duties. The communication
Fays:
The blockade that exist* is a. serious incon
ler.tenee and is Injuring the interests of the
I*op|e owning: property and living In that
nMjrhborhood. If the Board of Public Works
* s? alive to Its duty the owners of the prop
erty on Fourteenth street whose land has
toppled upor tbe roadway would long a«o have
»*~n made to clear av.ay the obstruction and
lnriose their land in such a manner that a
recurrence of the troul.;. would be Impossible.
The entire cost of tills work must be borne
fcy the rroprrty owners and there is, therefore,
ro excuse for the ira.-tion of the Board of
r*ublic Works. Its outside deputies, in our
• piTiscn. an; guilty of t.egllgence and gross in
attention to duty. Thifc is not the only ln-
Ktwot of the kind where the rights of the
P*»pie and travel ar» menaced. Many in
stanr^s might be, m*n:i-,nc(j here, but the case
«n Fourteenth street is a flagrant one of the
Inattention of the Works Department, and we
r.ereby appeal to your honorable body to take
fteps to have the Board of Public Works act
quickly <n this matt-r fo that the incon
verHence endured by me r«-oMe or this section
will e-x>n b*- at an enj.
The Challenge Is Out.
Wednesday. January the 2d, the great
challenge win take place in this city. •
Sue on ' Dupont-Street Bonds.
; Holders of Dupont-street widening
bonds filed suit yesterday for a; writ* of
mandate to compel Tax Collector Scott to
enforce the payment of certain delinquent
taxes and to place ilie money thus re
ceived in the.hands of Treasurer; Brooke,
to be placed' in the Dupont-street fund
for the payment '¦ of the bonds. ¦ A . largo
amounts yet remains unpaid ion < the bonds
In question and the suit Is a' new move in
the direction of enforcing their redemp
tion. . • i
For more than fifty yean the famous Jesse
Moore whiskey has been, the standard brand of
the world. , * - : •
KATLBOAD RUNS SHORT. :
OF BEFBIGEBATOB CABS
The Southern Pacific TJnabl© to
Handle Big Crop of Citrus
Fruit.
Despite the precautions taken early In
the season, the Southern Pacific finds
itself unable to handle the big consign
ments of citrus fruit to'the East. Refrig
erator, cars are at present as scarce as
hen's teeth, and the company Is wonder
ing how it Is going to accommodate the
southern fruit growers, who have many
carloads of goods ready for shipment.
The scarcity of cars Is almost alarming
The total number sent out thus far this
season is about 2500. These cars ' are ex
ceedingly slow In getting back. For some
reason or other, they are being held In the
East, much to: the annoyance of the com
pany. - . . „ - ,
The citrus fruit crop this season is esti
mated at 25.000 carloads. : It will therefore
be seen that only a very small percentage
of the crop has been shipped thus far. The
largest shipments are generally made in
January and February.
Discuss Social Evils.
The Municipal Leaguu of San Francisco
held a meeting In the Flood building yes
terday and discussed the subject . of
licensing gambling and other social evils.
A resolution commending the plans of
Chief of Police Sullivan was presented
by Mr.' Jacobs, but no, action was, taken
thereon, it being deferred until the next
meeting, which will be of a "¦ public '„ na
ture. This meeting will be held January 7
at the Chamber of Commerce. Members
of local civic and Improvement organiza
tions and others will be Invited to take
part in the discussion.'
The Henschel Recitals.
The forthcoming appearances in Febru
ary of Mr. and Mrs. Georg.Henschel, the
distinguished vocalists and musicians,
will be a matter of pleasure and regTet
to society and musical circles. . Their re
turn here will be a pleasure, for their con
certs are without doubt the "most enjoy
able of any of the kind* iMr. Henschel
stands without a rival to-day as a vocal
ist, pianist and composer and his charm-
Ing wife is truly a "queen of song." Their
programmes are varied to a degree, rang
ing through the entire list of the classics.
Bach. Paislello, Handel, Beethoven,
Schumann, - Ambrolse Thomas, Gounod,
Donizetti, are but a few of the composers
interpreted by the-Henschels, forming a
veritable feast of melody. Arrangements
have been made for -six concerts to be
given by the Henschels at -the Metropol
itan Temple in February, and the sale of
season tickets will open at Sherman. Clay
& Co.'s music store. Kearny and Sutter
streets, or. January 7. Season tickets will
be transferable. Judging by the many In
quiries for tickets for. the season which
have already; been sent In. there is every
indication that the Henschel concerts will
be crowded and will be the. events of the
musical season.
SIX-YEAH-OLD BOY
IS KILLED AT PLAY
Little Clifton Brock Thoughtlessly
Fulls . Down a Heavy Iron
Frame Upon Himself. - - 4
Clifton Brock, a bright boy six years
old, was almost instantly killed yesterday
morning- In front of Dow's brass and
pump works, Howard and Fremont
streets, by an iron frame that was lean
ing against the side of the house falling
upon him.
Clifton and several other little boys had
been gathering tirewood around the docks
and were returning home. Some of the
bdys stopped to play with the frames,
and Clifton pulled one of the heavy
frames down upon bis head while using
one of the iron cross pieces as a hori
zontal bar. The edge of the frame struck
him on the head, fracturing the skull. He
died in the amhulance on the way to the
Harbor Hospital.
The parents of the dead boy reside at
SSA Tehama street.
SUPREME COURT UPHOLDS
BOARD OF SUPERVISORS
Dead May Not Be Interred Within
; • the City Limits— Italian
I J Society Loses.
The action of the Board of Supervisors
in passing an ordinance prohibiting the
burial of the dead within the city: limits
is upheld by the Supreme Court. The lat
ter body handed down a decision yester
day in the case of the Societe Italiana di
Mutua Beneflcenza against the city and
county of San Francisco, affirming the
judgment of the lower court, which was
in favor of the municipality.
In 1897 the Supervisors passed an ordi
nance which prohibited the burial of the
dead in the City Cemetery, which was
also known as the Golden Gate Cemetery
The Italian society had been given, many
years previous to the bringing of the suit
lots In the cemetery and they were op
posed to giving up their burial place. Suit
was brought against the city and county
and the defendants filed a demurrer
which was sustained. An appeal was tak
en by the society and the Supreme Court
in affirming the action of ! the Superior
Judge held that the Board of Supervisors
did not have a right to grant land to pri
vate corporations, as "the land had been
turned, over to them by an act of Con
gress. The, court also held that the Su
pervisors possessed the right to pass any
ordinance which was for the good of the
community. - •.". .
NEW TRAIN DEPARTURES.
Important Changes for New Year's
Day.
The Southern Pacific announces an im
portant change in time to take place- on
New Year's day, which will affect three
outgoing trains,- and one incoming. No.
4, th« overland express through Reno and
Ogden, which now leaves at S a. m., will
leave at 7:30, a half-hour earlier. The
ct rrespondlng train westward. will arrive
at 12:1a p. m., instead of 2:45.
The Oregon express. No. 12. for Port
land, r.ow leaving at 7 a. m.. will leave at
S:30 a m.. and the local train for Napa,
Santa Rosa, and Ramon will leave at 8 a.
m. instead of 7:30. ..-.=.¦,.
hand, realized the true position of the
woman. He -could not hear her scream,
but he saw: the distress depicted on her
face. He jumped to a platform near the
clapper and reaching forward caught the
swinging body and drew it behind the
Many in. the audience saw the out
stretched hands receive the actress and
release her from, the- clapper, but few
guessed the seriousness of the situation.
MISS EFFIE DARLING, a mem
ber of the Heart of Maryland
Company, now on the bills , at
the Central Theater, had a nar
row escape from serious injury
or tragic^ death during the performance
Wednesday evening. Miss Darling • ap
pears in the role of the heroine, and as a
climax to one of the, thrilling situations,
thwarts the villlan's deep laid plot by. pre
venting an alarm from being sounded.'. 'To
accomplish this she clutches the clapper
of a bell and with it swings across . the
stage several times. ' ' ... •¦. •
The feat is dangerous,- as the' actress 5?
obliged to remain suspended for several
moments many feet above the stage floor
with only a grasp on the clapper to hold
her. Her hands are usually covered with
rosin to prevent them from slipping, ' but
on the night mentioned the property man
had failed to place the rosin In its accus
tomed place and Miss Darling was
obliged to attempt the act without it. Her
hands were moist with perspiration and
hardly had she swung clear of the plat
form when they commenced to slip..
She shouted to stop ringing the bell, but
the roar and din on the stage prevented
her from being heard. As she was thrown
forward for a third time her in
creased and one of her hands had already
lost Its grip. She realized that she couM
not hold on a moment longer and the
sight of the stage floor far below her, to
which she would be thrown with consid
erable force on account of the swift mo
tion of the clapper, terrified her.
Then it was that James Cannon, a stage
MICHAEL DONAHUE THE
VICTIM OF ACCIDENT
Found Asphyxiated on the Floor of
His Room After a Protracted
Michael Donahue, a teamster, 22 years
old, was found asphyxiated on, the floor
of his room yesterday afternoon in the
lodging-house at 158 ¦ Fifth street. < Dona
hue had engaged the room late on
Thursday evening while intoxicated, and
told the landlady, that he intended to. arise
and go to work at 6 o'clock In the morn
ing. At half-past 1 In the afternoon one
of the chambermaids detected the odor of
illuminating gas proceeding from his
room and found the body, of Donahue ly
ing on -the floor partly dressed. The gas
was turned on full.
Donahue arrived In this city from Mas
sachusetts two and a half months ago;
since which time he had been drinking to
excess. It Is believed that his death was
t^ie result of an accident. \ •
MISS EFFIE DARLING; WHOSE THRILLING EXPERIENCE OF THE
OTHER NIGHT IN THE "HEARJ : OF MARYLAND" SHE HAS NO
WISH TO REPEAT. ¦
Auditor Wells completed his annual par
tial settlement with the Tax Collector
yesterday and will make his returns to
the State Controller in a t few days. The
settlement shows that the* total value of
real estate in the city and county is $28S,
530,645. The taxes collected^ amount to
$2,202,860 29 on flrst installment, leaving a
delinquency of only $51,^73 87.'^ The unse
cured personal property was assessed at
$39,744,140. Taxes collected on this amount
ed to $568,303 06, leaving a total delin
quency of $77,503 77. Secured personal
property assessed for $81,712,169. Taxes
collected, $1,276,717 47; delinquency, $50.
799 SO. ,
Settlement of Tax Collections.
The San ¦ Francisco Xews Letter steps
into the new century to-day with a wealth
of timely topics and its wit and originality
enhanced in every department. "Reginald
Schuyler" has a thing or two to say on
modern manners, and there are comments
enough in the editorial section to set the
world a-thlnking. Porter Garnett has
contributed a poem entitled "Splritus,"
which has unusual merit. The "Town
Crier" wields his satiric cat o'nlne with
a broad sweep this week, and the "Looker
On" has overheard some stories which
may interest the public. •
MERCHANTS' ASSOCIATION
FAVORS PACIFIC CABLE
Resolutions Are Adopted and For-
warded to the California Dele
gation in Congress.
That the Merchants' Association strong
ly advocates the construction of a cable
between the United States and the Ori
ent was evidenced at a meeting of that
organization yesterday when strong reso
lutions on the subject were drawn up and
forwarded to the California delegation in
Congress. The board of directors of the
association, composed of F. \V. Dolir
mann, C. S. Benedict, F. P. Cole, A. Si.
Davis, AV. J. Dutton. J. D. Grant. Mar
shall Hale. A. J McNIcoll. Hugo Roths
child and Frank J Svmmes. met in the
rooms of the organization and unani
mously adopted the resolutions, which are
as follows:
- Whereas, Owing to the present Indirect cable
connections between the United States and tne
Orient, the rates for the transmission of mes
fag'es to points in the Orient are now exces
sively liich and the time consumed in transmis
sion is exceedingly long;; and
Whereas. No connection ; by cable exists at
the present time with the Hawaiian Islands;
and
Whereas, The rapidly growlne commercial
and Governmental relatlonb with our newly ac
quired American possecsions in the Pacific de
mand the early construction of a direct Pacific
Ocean cable under American control; therefore,
be It
Resolved. That the Merchants' Association
hereby favore the construction at the earliest
possible date of a direct Pacific Ocean cable,
starting from San Francisco and constructed by
or with the- alii of the ITnited Staten Govern
ment and maintained under the control of the
United States Government:
Resolved, That copies of these resolutions be
forwarded to the California delegation in Con
gress. '
Rev. Dr. Jacob Voorsanger at the Tem
ple Emanu-El last evening spoke of the
passing century and of the advent of the
new. He urged his hearers to strive In a
spiritual way to emulate the example of
Napoleon's illustrious grenadier whose
name, heard at roll call, was always fol
lowed by the words, "Fallen on the field
of glory." Using a. similar metaphor, he
depicted the parsing century as the veter
ans of the war of -1S30 between Holland
and Belgium, who were entitled to appear
at muster every year. So the old century,
straightening up once more before him
who sees all centuries in review, might
offer the last salute.
The present century had been great In
achievement. The great men who were
in the world when the century began
would be astounded if they could realize
the mental advancement of the present.
Each succeeding century inherited from
the preceding "centuries something. The
Nile had deposited debri3 until the land
at Its mouth had been raised forty feet.
Every man should try In the coming cen
tury to lay down something for the benefit
of the future, just as the Nile has done.
The greatest inheritance of the centuries
was the knowledge of the living God that
it had from Judea. rich as were the lega
cies of law from Rome, plastic art front
Greece, .commerce from Phoenicia and
other gifts from other nations and lands.
As the old century passes men should
promise to go on. not only as for battle,
but for the honor of the living God, who
shall be after earth shall be no more.
Rev. Dr. Nieto at the Sherith Israel
Synagogue delivered a sermon In which he
ignored the calendar. The duty of man
was always urgent and pressing, he said.
If he would jjo out to benefit his fellow
man he must take the message of love.
But: the lips that spoke of love must not
speak the doctrine of eternal punishment.
Neither must be go speaking as the rep
resentative of any church 1 or any creed.
Carrying the message of God's love, he
would benefit, and advance the time to
come.
Rev. Dr. Voorsanger Com
pares Time to Veteran
on Field Review.
RABBIS WELCOME
COMING CENTURY
VERTICAL HANDWRITING
. ' CONTROVERSY IS ENDED
Supreme Court Holds That the Shay
lor System Now Used Was
Legally Adopted.
Ginn & Co., the Boston publishers who
control the Shaylor system of vertical
round handwriting which is partially used
In -the. schools of this city and county,
won a victory in the Supreme Court yes
terday. The contract entered into be
tween, the. Board of Education and the
Eastern corporation was declared to be
valid and the effort made by J. C. Greene,
a' citizen and taxpaver. to enjoin the
board from using the Shaylor system was
unsuccessful.
The facts in the controversy are inter
esting. • J. C. Greene is an engineer em
ployed by II. S. Crocker & Co. It appears
that the Board of Education entered into
a contract with the latter company to use
the California system of vertical hand
writing in the public schools and later
contracted to use the Shaylor system.
Greene then brought suit to enjoin the
board from using the Eastern system
until four years after the 9th of June,
1S97. Ginn & Co. asked and were given
leave to enter the suit as intervenors.
Greene was successful in the lower court
and Glnn &. Co. appealed. The Supreme
Court holds that the California system
was not legally contracted for and that
the board hnd the right to enter into a
contract with Glnn & Co.
William B. Hamilton Pro
moted to Be Special
Deputy. >
Will Be Authorized to Sign Collector'!
Name, While the Nephew of
. the Senator Handles the
¦ ¦ + -
United States Internal Revenue Collect
or Lynch has promoted George A. "Wright
deputy clerk at the brandy desk, to the
position of cashier of the Internal Reve
nue Office, vice Clem G. Perkins, appoint
ed cashier in the Custom-house. Both
appointees will take their new positions
on New Year's day. William B. Hamil
ton, cashier in the Custom-house, had
been appointed special deputy by Col
lector Stratton, vice Stanley Jackson,
term expired.
"Mr. Perkins, who is a nephew of Sen
ator Perkins, was confined to his home In
Oakland yesterday bv sickness, but it is
expected that he will be well enough next
week to assume his -luties as cashier In
the Custom-house. No further changes
have been announced, but there are sev
eral hundred Republicans in Oakland and
elsewhere around the bay who would ac
cept the position of flrst deputy collectot
or any other position within the gift oi
the California delegation and some ol
them are bringing political pressure to
obtain the plums. .
It is not likely that any further change?
will be made in the oiflce of the Unlled
States Marshal. A. L. Farlsh, the
office deputy, has held the position
for ' many years and his knowl
edge of the law and the duties ol
the office have made blm a most valuable
attache. Marshal Shine has expressed his
satisfaction with the manner in which
Mr. Farish has performed his duties and
has intimated that he desires to retain
him.
CLEM PERKINS
TO BE CASHIER
Bell Scene in the "Heart of Maryland" Provides a
Thrilling Experience, for Miss Effie Darling, Who
Must Swing With the Bell so No Sound Be Heard
The subcommittee of nine, appointed by
the conference committee on a new pri
mary law to draft a measure for sub
mission to it, held a meeting Thursday
night at the rooms of the Union League
Club in the Palace Hotel and decided to
report favorably a measure drafted by A.
Ruef — one that possesses unique features
that meet the approval of nearly all the
lawyers and practical politicians that
have examined it. '
The conference committee, which con
sists of representatives from the leading
political clubs and the county central
committees of the two parties and from
other kindred organizations, will meet
next Thursday night in the Union League
clubrooms to consider the committee's
report. Its approval of a particular urali
of a primary election la\\» will place be
hind such measure an effective element
working for its passage by the Legisla
ture.
The distinctive feature of the Ruef pri
mary law is the provision to prevent com
binatjons of elements of the opposing par
ties. This is done by providing for the
signing of a declaration of party affilia
tion by the voter at the preceding general
biennial election.
Following is a portion of that section of
the measure as drafted:
It shall be the duty or the Inspector of Eleci
tlons at the time such elector offers to vot*
at said preceding biennial election to ask the
voter if he desires at that time to designate
which political party he desires to affiliate with
at the primary elections which shall Intervene
before the next genera! biennial election, and
to Inform the voter that unless he now makes
such designation he will not be entitled to vote
at such primary elections, and at the same
time he shall hand to the voter a printed blank
certificate In substantially the form herein
above set forth, which blank certificate such
voter may then sign or not, as he may desirt.
In order that no line on the vote of the
person so declaring- may be given, the cer
tificate shall be sealed in an envelope by
him. and in that form returned to the
Registrar of Voters or other registration
officer and not opened until the time has
arrived for making up the rolls for tho
primaries.
From the?e certificates a roll is made
up for each party, and at the primary the
voter Is furnished with the ballot of his
party In accordance with his declaration.
The man who voted at the preceding gen
eral election cannot vote at the primary
unless he has filled out the blank certifi
cate as described. There are other provi
sions which provide for the voting at the
primaries of those who had no vote 'at
the preceding general election; also for
voting at primaries preceding the jiext
general election.
The law Is made mandatory ohly in
towns exceeding- 5000 in population;. Klse
where there must at least be primaries of
the old sort held; delegates to conventions
may not be appointed.
The Ruef draft follows the Strati on law
on all points of the latter approved by tho
Supreme Court.
By Its Provisions Voters Must De
clare Intention as to Party Af
filiation at Preceding Gen
eral Election.
UNIQUE FEATURE
OF PRIMARY LAW
Measure Drafted by A. Ruef
Meets Approval of Sub-
Committce.
THE SA.\ iTKA^ClKCO CALL, SATUUDAY, DECEMJ3EU 29, lbOU.
Spree.
14
CLAUS SPRECKELS PLANS
THE ESTABLISHMENT OF
A COLOSSAL GAS PLANT
Earlu in the New Year Consumers Will Be Sud-
Dlied With Best Qualitu Light and Power
. at Veru Low Ratesi .ry
Gas consumers In San Francisco will early in the coming
year have the benefit of a colossal enterprise founded by Claus
Spreckels,' whose purpose it is to establish in this city one of the
most complete gas plants in the United States.
Incorporation papers are now being prepared for. the latest
enterprise of Mr.. Spreckels and will be filed in a few days. Tlia
new gas company will incorporate with a capital stock of $5,000,
000, and the enterprise will be rapidly completed.
One of the twst experts in the manufacture of gas has been
engaged in the East to superintend the manufacture of gas for the
n;w company and will arrive in this city next /Wednesday.
The site for the works, of -the new gas company has been se
cured and all arrangements perfected for supplying gas to con
sumers in San Francisco at the lowest rate.
It is the intention of^r. Spreckels to establish the gas plant
on the same broad lines laid down by the Independent Electric
Light Company— to give the best service at the lowest consistent
rate.
CLINGS TO THE CLAPPER THOUGH
HER HANDS SLIP AND SHR IS IN
DEADLY FEAR OF BEING KILLED
If you intend renting or buying
a piano, investigate Sherman, Clay
& Co.'s new plan. It is very dif-
ferent from the old installment
plan. Their new plan enables j'ou
to purchase a fine high-grade piano
and make payments of only $6 a
month.
Why, think of it! Merely renting
a piano costs you nearly that much,
and you never own the piano.
This new rent contract plan has
many other commendinK features
that are of* advantage to you, so
suppose you call and investigate! .; -'
NOTE.— Should you desire to
exchange the piano purchased for
a. Steinway, at any time w;thin
three years, you will be allowed the
full purchase price.
Sherman, Clay & Co.,
Steinway Piano Dealers,
Cor. Kearny and Butter »t».. 8. < F.
Car. ISth and Broadway, Oakland.
Cor. Pwfc * WMhlneton, Portland.
Til Eeocad avenue; Seattle.
new rent
contract
plan for
selling
pianos
Sherman, Clay & Co.'s
SPECIAL BARGAINS
SATURDAY, MONDAY ted WEDNESDAY.
GRANULATED IeS SUGAR* ... 18 Us $1.00
BEST EASTERN kfX' HAMS 12C
Pp*x-Jal r»*<3UPFt. RegTilar 14c.
FINEST CREAMERY BUITER. - • -Slinarc 45c
Our Rutter pales have lnrreased our trade
and mr.de friends. Rrjrular fc)c.
CHOICE ES?. BUTTER SQUiR 35c
Cinoi value for 45c.
BEST CITY EGGS Dozen 40c
FY<im the Mission. Regular 69c.
PETALUMA RANCH EGGS Dozen 25C
Ouarsntw-I. Reirular 35c.
EOTAL BAKIKG POWDER .... HD Can 40C
MARTIn| ||r m rn CHEESE - . . . ID 15c
EnEFcEOIci BRANDY Bottle 75C
MOChTS JAVA COFFEE ID 25c
' ny rrwrial request w* nrain (five our
ir'.rrAs a chance to get the best coffee.
KEwSoSVtEAS ID 40C
Six kinds. Rppular T.1c.
OTMIIEDNUTS ID 15c
GfflfiilS GROUND CHOCOLATED 25C
CLApSfpYi RYE WHISKEY. •»« $1.00
Bo'.tlpd in bond. Regular $1.10.
FUSE JUNIPER GIN fee $1.25
Rc«rular fl.60.
TABLE FRUITS $$&, 3 Cans 50c
Peaches, Apricots, Pear« and Cherries.
LA "PORTE l^? r n CORN 3 Cans 25C
Regular J2V-c can.
PORT M SHERRY WINE Bottle 25c
Fiv* rnttle* «!.«.. Gallon 95c.
Hxtra fine. Eig-fct y»^rs old.
HffORTED GINGER ALE Dozen $1.20
Curry * Co. Belfast. Regular J1.45.
B20HANGEL0N DESSERT JELLY. - -Pig 10c
Rorular IDc.
8IMCTMENT WHISKEY. . . .gss 1 . SOC
GEARS ¦mt&2SSH& ¦ -All 1& 10c
Reuumua, ' for ZZc.
ORANGE MARMALADE 3 Cans 25c
A breakfast appetizer. Regular 12Hc.
JESSE MOORE WHISKEY, AA ........ 90C
Regular J1.1S.
OUR COUNTRY CUSTOMERS
Can take advantage of th«» "special" sales.
"VVe ship free of charge within 100 mllee. on
all order* exceedJug ?;. AsK for monthly price
1!fTs— free.
1348-1354 Market Street.
Opp. Seventh. "Phone S. 2>;. No Branch Store*.
For a Cold in the Head.
Laxative Brcmo-Quinine Tablet*. ' . ' •
¦ ¦ A| I W m m ygrg V f 23fc v fl Sr wW m XTjl On
To greet the new century
befittingly, and with our best
wishes for a Happy New
Year, we offer you
GOWENBRAE SCOTCH WHISKY
Bottle 95c
"•JBlEffiE WHISKY,
0. OWN FINE BOURBON WHISKY
»-«*- Gallon $4.00
CREME DE MENTHE GARNIER
J?r^sr* Bottle Sf.35
Regular, bottle 11.60.
FINE OLD PRIVATE COGNAC,
Hegular™. B0tt!6 SI.25
SPICED ANCHOVIES, Pound 25c
Genuine ICorwfBlan.
Marimote }]olfanJ
HERRING. Extra Fins 4 for 25c
Regular 3 for 25c.
20 lbs of DRIED PRUNES for Sf.00
Only for the Holidays.
PRESERVED GINGER qt jar 40c
Stein's Kxtra Quality.
Regular tOc.
12 Years Old CAL. PORT WINE
A rare pile wine. DM4I» TfC«
Regular $1.00 Bottle. DUtllg / uC
SPECIAL-FINE FRENCH MIXED
CANDY Pound box 35c
Regular 60c Box.
EASTERN CHEESE SSttU 20c
Regular, pound. !5c.
BIBO, NEWMAT& IKEHBERG.
DR.MCNULTY.
nmiS WtUrKSOWXASD RKLIABLB OLD
X Rp^clallJtt CT4rM Blood Poison. Oonorrhosa ni»»»-
Birfefor^ M^roliml Wejikne?s. Impotence and 1 thTlr
Ovi»r20year»'PxpPr'cnr<».Terinsr< ! 'ft."inn'>hin ii^, r "
Utlon tree and sacredly conflden tiaL Call o~ irtd rew
P. UOSCOE MeXCLTY 31 D
t *•« Kearny St., »aa FrancUco, CaL
280 MARKS >2ic
regular 35c quality. j«l^~^v HWK Iff RJi IB klnd you pay 20c
M^s: Will end the old year with
V*?f an extpaordinapy
A LOW PRICE SALE.
95C a^flESSftSaraBSMBH:'
W$tytfwj?y VV-'V/ ed. Regular price, fl 50 (see picture).
'Xi8i^^-t f ft' QCa f^l' t M 0Ja^ N}& JXANNEL WRAP-
£M'.' feiftr-VHi OHP collar, cuffs and bretelles neatly
¦ #$S§^^-* #$*\ *-^.S^.V^ trimrned; flounced or plain skirts. Regu-
¦jt^SgtvBA'iSV^U-flLa ' ' Jar price, Jl 2o.
;V 60c ¦ &<™^"°£™^££?£!t-
VV/Vy ed. Regular price, $1 00. v
45c : - IH* H^ ffift? 'swras:'
.« ¦ - ¦ ¦* V^ V^ Regular price, 75c. /•
00 Q C for Silk Waists, « n ft for Children's
OOiZO -J^of f? est "Qng^Eai 4UC .Flannel Night Gowns,
elres— regular price >5." all sires— regular, "Be.
CO ;7CJ Children's Coats, PQ OC for Children's
11^ S?" R 3 ,^ 00 !^ /
Winter Underwear. . "¦tiXStiZ:^ iS StVSS.^SS 'fSSS
ilCft Women's Wool Mixed VestS, ««»*««out-regular value |4.25 (see pl«-
whlt r OT^'~ regu ' -" ' ¦ Corsets.
RRp Women's Pink Woolen Vests, a S^SiSSoWUS^ fKtViiT
UMU long sleeves— regular price $1.25. ITART CORSET at $l-regular price $t5oC
.Women's Dressing
¦"Js^*tyv Union SuitS made of all wool elder- '^^S^
' \fifr— eJ« - ¦ flown: ' crocheted ed^e ' f RSkTT'Hr
:¦ At 45C,7SC,95C: ¦" <»f worsted;, all color*
¦*'? s- w " . ' - -. and sizes; regular price D .j£SV&$L l
K^J — B1& values. Jl.50— to be sold at <Wr\&5*!A
0mii6^^^ Oneita win close out an our /ffeSlSfi
' MM^XMMi ln ! on Suits Children's Silk ImSlm
/'if % i^ft^^^'a At l8c ' 45c » 75c Hats and Bonnets '^gl^fi&l
/ «Hy Wr»»^^»i^l —greatest values at a reduction of «Oo .f]S BHSA •
{'^vAi'F^^^*^ ever offered on each dollar— oil ' . £HHK?£Xj|
>^T^ \ Wool-Mixed . Jabots, t^^^^^^l
QCc \ Sleeping Liberty Silk N'eck-
JO \ Garments, wearjall colors: the . . . M k
kind we've so! d for $1 - ¦ >JSp
nlzes 0. 1. 2— nOe —will close what's left • sS *^ ¦ '
¦- '-. worth 73c. ¦ of them at 5Oe.
1212-1214 MARKET STREET,^..^^cn...
MAIL ORDERS i RECEIVED. *-•
ADVEB-TTSEMENTSL
Hole's.
Hale's.
HtfV f ~r]/ R^l/ wfc § the HaIe 8tore open *o- nJ 6 ht# >!j
\ A direct Importation of first j
s^^\ W'V'sy'/' // //.Hi J fc=s quality Frrnch artd German }ti
f/ /\^\\ i 't^sy // /' f ''Z$vkf&&%& halrswitchesatnftrentre- \
fll r v N'^/^^y^ v ''^ ' fi '¦ i'i*r?r^ dnction t'rom usual prices. f(
/ H * \?\v \/^'^ sy^ sy /' *h' x \$'^ Here ara th« prices for ordln- \\J\
\ n I Ovijv, S^ SY^ // /li^v"i»2L/r it «¦ * r^ r "hades — you'll find them no jj'
111 VxivO^W^*'^ ""¦"V^i't/J^ )»ffi{ / ill 8Wltches ma <Je of Chinese hair. \J''
I II L^^y9^V^^ ;/ im^^«iim^' '¦'£, lS-»nch "'short ""stem 'iwitches' of t
l^w/yf-^ : (l>>^'S4al*«trf#y flrst <l«altty German hair.
i if/ A /> '' * .^0^» nl,,saf»i<i|f«%,jji' *>-lnrh short stem switches of
I ' % * l ,\),y /y^^ l ~syZ>~ /JutH] Tt 'I ]£$}$! flr9t «J uaII *V French hair. l ; v
i v 'Q / i'm\lf\\% 29-lnoh stem switches of iX\!
V \r r ~ * <^- i lix&tft' ' iamlvAK f ' rSt Qaal!ty German ha'r. jV
S ~Z-~' 'SStSnieifH'l'JlRi'ilv'i'Wx 22-lnch ehort stem switches <¦>; [\y\
If Ss'' A> \\ fl " : <iua»'y French hair. i\H
J^^^^^^!^^^^^^^^tiW'Xt^^\llli\i\\iSj 2?-lnch ehort stem switches of |i
n Ich QuaIlty German ha^ (i
*]?~r tiVVra 'Z'^h/j/* 'ft W&^ 24-Inch "ehort stem sw'ttche/'of »(^\
f^ I P ! IPfl^v/V/ / /7#' / ' t^ wvlv B first nualltv French h-^i'r H
'st vH'-Vv^i^' 24-Inch short stem switches of j 1^
yfo ¦Wlss." 'toupee*, front pieces, \^
rjfc frizettes and curls to order. i«
WT- ± PP on hollow silverware, Jewelry, sterling sliver i I
V\ OI16 3 fll1/irtfir ATT no«ltlM. ebony hair brushes, fancy china, art M
MA uut 4Ual IWl U1I ware », lamps, cut Klass. dolls and toya (ex- I.
On r«.. cept wheel goods). !,i
y\ This means a savins of 2s c on each and every dollar's worth of thes« 'J/
(A roods you buy.
///i «.-.« i.l.^^.J CP on work toxes. albums, celluloid uooda. gamtJ. ' /
'A On£ = tnirfl Oil children's books., mechanical toys, toy ware-
Al VI1W »¦""« VII houses and stablts. O
In This means a savin? of 33 l-3o on each and tvery dollar's worth of V
I these roods you buy. * &;
I ) one-half off on calendars and cards. W
jj the best gfoves for the money you or we ever knew.' 8j
) I The Hte. Jouvili kid irloves— In Two-clasp Mocha pique gloves— la }\'
7-v\ plack. white, cream and all th« black and newest shades of gray \V'
'A rashlonable shades. The enual of and mode. Just the- gflove for V\
f\\ , Klove does not exist for th« ehopplnff. driving and street wear. \\
!lj\ Price. Per pair $1.5O Per pair fl.OO !\
"rs vi , tW0 " cl a s P lamb gloves— In The "Marvel" glove— mad* of real V
ft i white, pearl and a complete French kid with pique sUtching, . \
7n \,, ? f "> lor3 - M ade expressly for Paris point backs and two clasps S
// i Hale s California stores and as at wrists. Colors black, white and ; .1
'J+ near perfection as manufacturiny maitique. Warranted to stand \>
| henor can make them. Per pair.. washing with soap and water. Per Vi
V| «1.O<» P *lr *2.OO >iU
& Market ffl 9 oppasite |
near Jm JB^^. ___—^^'^^ Gate *=?
I 1 Sixth! aTenrI8 . |
I®l15§3|i5g]|f