VOLUME LXXXVIII-XO. 127.
WILLIE BOY BRYAN IN TROUBLE.
Continued on Second Pace.
DOWAGER ORDERS THE HIGHEST HONOR TO DEAD.
TAKU. Monday. Oct. 1.— The Dowager Empress has deputed the highest of
ficials of the empire to made all necessary' arrangements for a most Imposing
funeral in honor of Baron von Kettekr, the late German Minister to China. She
has also ordered the erection of a suitable temple at the capital to his memory
The superintendent of trades at Tientsin has been ordered to meet the body on
Its arrival here, and the highest officials of the port will pay the highest honor
to the dead.
An Imperial edict flesrades from all ranks and offices Prince Tuan, La n yj
Kang Yl. Tung Fan Slang and others concerned in the Boxer movement.
PERSECUTION OF CHRISTIANS HAS BEEN REVIVED.
LONDON. Oct. 5. 4 a. m.— A dispatch from Tientsin, October 2. says- "Gase
lee claims that the British from the gunboat Pigmy were the first to receive the
surrender of the Shanhalkwan forts."
The Morning Post's correspondent at Taku asserts that the persecution of
Christians has been revived in the province of Shantung.
Shanghai dispatches announce the dismissal of the Tartar generals who have
ARRANGING TO RECtlV- VO.n WALDERSEE AT PEKING.
PEKING. Sept. 23.— The commanders of the international forces are arrang
ing for a combined official reception to Field Marshal Count von Waldersee. A
detachment of mixed cavalry will escort him from Tungchau to this city. The
members of the diplomatic corps here are still of the opinion that only Prince
Cbirig ar.d LI Hung Chang can be recognized as peace negotiators
SHANGHAI. Oct. 4.-The Dutch warships Gelderland and Holland have sud
denly been ordered to Swatow and Amoy, respectively.
TIENTSIN*. Oct. 2.— American commercial interests in North China exceed
those of all other nations. Merchants are protesting against the withdrawal of
troops. The Russians refuse to continue the reconstruction of the Peking Rail
way because the Germans. L-rltish and Japanese occupy an intermediate sta
tion.
BERLIN, Oct. 4.— The text of the note of the Minister of Foreign Affairs,
Count von Bulow, to the foreign powers is as follows:
Tb» Imperial power Is Informed of an edict of the Chinese Emperor by Sheng, the
Taota.1 of Shanghai, whereby the punishment Is ordered of a number of princes and dlg
r.itaries named fcr having supported, the Boxers. The Imperial Government assumes that
all the other Cabinets concerned have received similar communication. Accepting the au
thenticity of the edict on which we, for our part, do not wish to cast a doubt until evi
dence is received to the contrary, we can perceive in it the flrst sign toward a practical
. bafls for the re-establishment of an orderly etate of things in China. The Imperial Gov
ernment therefore proposes that the powers come to an agreement to Instruct their diplo
matic representatives in China to examine and give their opinion on the following points:
1. Whether the list contained in the edict of persons to be punished is sufficient and
correct ?
2. Whether the punishments proposed meet the case?
3. In what way the powers can control the carrying out of the penalties Imposed?
The lr.fortnation received up to the present concerning the reception of this proposal
fcy th** powers Justifies the belief that a general understanding on this matter may be
looked for.
WASHINGTON. Oct. 4.— Following is the reply of the United States Govern
ment to the German note relative to the punishment of Chinese offenders:
The Kocrrtary of State to the ImixriaJ Gorman Char-e:
MEMORANDUM IX RESPONSE TO THE INQUIRIES MADE OF THE SECRETARY OF
STATE OCTOBER 1. 1300. BY THE IMPERIAL GERMAN' CHARGE D'AFFAIRES
TOUCHING THE CHINESE IMPERIAL, EDICT IN REGARD TO THE PUNISHMENT
OF PRINCE TCA3S AND OTHKP. HIGH CHINESE OFFICIALS.
The Chinese Minister communicated to the Secretary of State on the 2d lnst. a tele
fTB.m received by bin from Director General Sheng, conveying the purport of an Imperial
edict, dated September :;, ISOO, by which the degradation and punishment of Prince Tuan
and other high Chinese is decreed.
Th~ Government of th«> United States is disposed to regard this measure as a proof of
the desire of the Imi^rial Chinese Government to satisfy the reasonable demands of the
foreign powers for the injury and outrage which their legations and their subjects have
luffered at the hands of «-vIl-dirposed persons in China, although it has been thought well,
in view of the vagueness of the edict in regard to the punishment which some of the
Inculpated persons are to receive, to signify to the Chinese Minister the President's vlow
that It would be most regrettable If Prince Tuan. who appears from the concurring tes
timony of the legations in Peking to have been one of the foremost In the proceedings
complained or, should escape sneb full measure of exemplary punishment as the facts war
rant, cr if Kav.g Yl or Chao Shu Ch!ao should receive other than their Just deserts.
V»ith a view of forming a Judgment on these points the United States Minister In Pe
king has been Instructed to report whether the edict completely names the persons deserv
ing chastisement, whether punishments proposed accord with the gravity of the crimes
committed, and In what manner the United States and the other power* are to be assured
:hat satisfactory punishment is inflicted.
It is hoped that Mr. Conger's replies to these interrogator!-, will confirm the Govern
ment of the United States in the oulnion which it now shares with the Imperial German
Government that the edict in question U an important initial step in the direction of
peace and order in China.
Department of State. ¦Washington. October 3, 1300.
LATEST ATTITUDE OF GERMANY AND AMERICA.
Speclal Dispatch to The CalL
CAUL. BUREAU. WASHINGTON, Oct. 4.— That the concert of powers with
respect to China has been restored is shown by the correspondence be
tween the United States and Germany, made public to-day. In the
memorandum handed to Secretary Hay by Baron von Sternburg, Ger-
man Charge on Tuesday it is announced that the German
Sovernrr.ent considers the edict issued by the Chinese Emperor decreeing the
Segradation of Prince Tuan and other officials "as the first step in the direction
»f peace and order in China." Replying to the German interrogatories relative
*o the designation of the g"uilty and their punishment, and in what manner the
powers shall control the punishment. Secretary Hay says that "it is hoped that
Ur. Conger's reply to these interrogatories will confirm the Government of the
United States in the opinion which it now shares with the Imperial German Gov
ernment that the edict In question is an important initial step In the direction of
peace and order In China."
The authorities do not hesitate to say that the modification by Germany of
her original opposition Is an Important concession in the interest of peace. They
lay it is natural that the German people should want adequate punishment of
ihe responsible authors of the outrages committed upon their Minister and fel
low subjects, ar.d this Government is prepared to obtain the same results. The
United States, however, could not consent to the surrender of the responsible
Chinese as a condition precedent to the negotiations, and an examination of the
German communication shows that the Berlin Government has abandoned this
proposal. She still holds, however, that the Ministers at Peklnp. who alone are
able to defln'tely determine those who are responsible, shall designate the
griilty and say whether the proposed punishments are in accordance with the
gravity of the crimes committed. The United States fully agrees with Germany
that the Ministers are best qualified to perform this mission.
By acquainting Minister Wu with "Its view of the vagueness of the edict In
¦egard to the punishment which some of the inculpated persons are to receive,"
md by signifying to him that "it would be most regrettable If Prince Tuan
fhould escape such full measure of exemplary punishment as the facts warrant.
5r if Kang VI and Chao Spu Chiao fhould receive other than their just deserts."
±is Government has already shown that it does not believe that the proposed
punishments are in accordance with the gravity of the crimes committed. The
Washington officials have said from the beginning of the negotiations that the
nere withdrawal of a decoration from one of the guilty Chinamen would not be
tufficicnt; that this Government would insist upon adequate punishment. There
s no doubt that the reply of the United States on this as well as on other points
nill be entirely sniisfactcry to the German Government.
It is understood here that Minister Conger will confer with his colleagues in
'eking relative to the several points embraced in the German communication, and
t is expected that an identical list will be prepared setting forth the names of
:hose Chinese who were responsible for the outrages, the character of the pun
shrrient that should be Inflicted upon them and finally in what manner the powers
ihould control the carrying out of the punishment. It is expected that the
towers will settle this last named point by appointing witnesses to attend the
ucecution of punishment. Before punishment is awarded, however, the accused
vill be given an opportunity to defend themselves, and no doubt is expressed that
:l:is will be done trith the assent of all the powers.
Nations Are Agreed That Those
Responsible for the Recent Out
rages Must Be Punished.
Concessions Made by Germany
Cause Renewal of the Concert
of Powers in China Trouble.
FIRST STEP IN
RESTORING PEACE
FOOLHABDY MAN NEARLY
KILLED BY ENBAGED LION
PARIS, Oct. 4.— There was a serious ac
cident to-day In the menagerie of the
country fair near Prlvas. -in the Depart
ment of Ardeche. v A ; large audience gath
ered to witness a local butcher enter the
lion's cage, play, a game of cards with the
llontamer and drink a bottle of cham
pagne.- ¦- The : performance : was successful
until the- butcher foolishly and without
warning to the trainer approached the
lion and held a glass of champagne under
his : nose, whereupon the . - lion bounded
upon the butcher, ground his shoulder
within his Jaws and mauled his body
'dreadfully. When i the butcher was re
moved he was almost dead. In the mean
while the audience was panic-stricken and
In .thestampede -to- escape. from the me
nagerie many persons were trampled unr— ¦
and badly Injured. '.."
Continued on Second Paga
Special Dispatch to The Call.
CHICAGO, Oct. 4.— Senator Hanna
narrowly escaped serious injury
and possible death at the hands
of some hoodlum to-night. The
Senator was billed to address a
political meeting in a big tent at the
corner of Sixty-fifth and Halstead streets,
arid a crowd of 12,000 persons gathered to
hear him. He was late In reaching the
scene, and on taking his place on the
platform was given a vociferous greeting,
lasting several minutes. He was bowing
his acknowledgments and trying to quiet
his enthusiastic admirers, when a block
of ice weighing seven or eight pounds
crashed through the roof of the tent and,
grazing the Senator's shoulder, tore its
way through the floor of the stage. Luck
ily,. Hanna , at. the moment partly turned
his body to acknowledge a cheer, or the
missile- would have struck him squarely
on the r head, with serious, if not fatal,
results.
The block of Ice evidently had been
thrown from a housetop in the vicinity",
as it had acquired a velocity that could
not have been given It by any mere mus
cular effort on the part of the most power
ful man. The Incident caused great ex
citement in the. tent, but Senator Hanna,
who, was the coolest man in the place,
turned -It' off with a Jocular reference to
It as a new form of demonstration on the
part of the Democratic Ice trust.
The police on duty about the tent were
Immediately put In motion, but, owing to
the excitement and density of the crowd,
could get no clew to the perpetrators of
the deed. _
Big Cake of Ice Is
Dropped and Just
Grazes the Senator.
Object, of. Violence
While Talking to a
Vast Audience.
HANNA HAS
CLOSE CALL
IN A TENT
WASHINGTON. Oct. 4.— In ac
cordance with Instructions re
ceived from the War Depa/t
ment General MacArthur, com-
manding the troops in the Phil
ippines, has made arrangements for the
prompt transportation from Taku to Ma
nila of the United States forces at Tien
tsin and Peking, not Included in the "le
gation guard" to be. maintained at Pekins
under the personal command of General
Chaffee. Nearly 4000 troops are to be
withdrawn immediately from Chinese ter
ritory and transferred to the Philippines.
Four large transports have been > as
signed to the work of transporting the
troops from Taku to Manila. These are
the Warren, with a capacity of 1200; the
Sumner, with a capacity of 770; the In
diana, with a capacity of 900. and the
Garonne, with a capacity of 950.
Word was received at the War Depart
ment to-day that the Indiana has sailed
from Manila to Taku. The other three
transports are either at the Chinese port
or in the Immediate vicinity. There are
also two or three large freight boats
available for the transportation of the
heavy arms and artillery and the horses
and equipment of the cavalry and In
fantry.
The following cablegram has been re
ceived at the War Department:
"MANILA. Oct. 4.-AdJutant General,
Washington: First Infantry to Marln
duque. October 6. . on Sumner: General
Hare to command island, with others to
push operations until insurrection is
stamped out absolutely. He will have
twelve full companies of Infantry for the
purpose. Anderson's first operations de
veloped nothing. No reports since Oc
tober 2. MACARTHUR."
The above dispatch relates to reinforce
ments sent' to the Island of Marlnduque,
where Captain Shields and fifty-one men
of the Twenty-ninth Volunteer Infantry,
were reported captured by the insurgents.
At that time General MacArthur sent
Colonel Anderson and two companies of
the Thirty-eighth Volunteer Infantry
with the Yorktown and two gunboats to
the relief of Shields and his command
if they were still alive.
General MacArthur reported to the War
Department that five isoldlers died In the
mountains of Laguna .province after hav
ing made their escape from the insur
gents, by whom they had been captured.
The date of their, death is. unknown, and
no details are furnished as to the manner
of their death. It is supposed, however,
that they perished from starvation after
l/valno' their wav. -.- .
Transports Now En
Route to Effect the
Troops' Withdrawal
Four Thousand Men
Ordered Backtothe
Philippine Islands
PREPARING
TO REMOVE
FROM CHINA
Speclal Dispatch to The Call.
GALL BUREAU. WELLINGTON
HOTEL, WASHINGTON, Oct.' 4.-
A high official of the State Depart-
ment said to-night that Turkey had
not settled any portion of the missionary
claims, but her promises to pay continue
to be made.
Though Mr. Hay, Secretary of State,
invited the Turkish Government to re
move its Minister from Washington, the
Sublime Porte has answered the invita
tion by designating the successor to All
Ferrouh Bey, now in Washington. The
suggestion to the Porte that there was no
further necessity for the presence of a
Minister Plenipotentiary .. was made
through Mr. Griscom, American Charge
d' Affaires in Constantinople. Turkey was
Informed that in ,vlew of its failure to
settle the claims for the missionary out
rages, liability of which was admitted,
there were no diplomatic questions to be
discussed by the two governments, and
that consequently there was no need of
its retention of a Minister In this country.
To Mr. Griscom's note the Turkish Gov
ernment responded that It was desirous
of retaining the friendship of the United
States and would satisfy the claims with
in a short time. It further announced
that it would withdraw AH Ferrouh Bey
and would designate as his successor
Shekib Bey, -who is now in Constantino
ple. All Ferrouh Bey has not yet- pre
sented his letters of iecall, but he has
doubtless been apprised of the decision of
his Government. No Information has
been received by the department as to the
date of arrival of Shekib, as his move
ments are of comparatively little Impor
tance in view of the determination of tho
administration to conduct its negotiations
through its Charge d' Affaires in Constan
tinople.
It is not understood that this Govern
ment suggested the withdrawal of the en
tire.Turkish legation, but that the Sublime
Porte follow the course adopted by th'a
Government arid leave its interests In
charge of the secretary of t..e legation,
who will rank as Charge d' Affaires.
It. Is believed In diplomatic, circles here
that had the Chinese trouble not oc
curred this Government would have pro
ceeded to the extent of making a naval
demonstration in the Mediterranean to
compel payment of the indemnity.
Turkey, however, took advantage oT
the preoccupation of the United States in
the Far East, and although she went so
far as to fix the date when ' she • would
pay the indemnity ' the $90,000 demanded
has never ..'been paid. ,
The authorities <have determined. not, to
send a ! Minister to Turkey untllthe claims
are settled, and they, propose to: continue
to insist that the demand of this Govern
-"«tut be compiled with.
Porte Persists in Con
tinuing Its Usual
Peculiar Methods.
INDEMNITY
IS NOT PAID
BY TURKEY
Uncle Sam — '.'I knew you'd _be~gettin'- up against them live wires."
Sprcial Dispatch to The CalL
INDIANAPOL.13. jiid., Oct. 4.— The convention of Democratic Clubs fa!rly rer
eled In a feas; of Democratic oratory to-day and to-night. The Democrats
who attended to-day's meetings had the privilege of listening to the voices
of their most beloved leaders — William J. Bryan, Adlai E. Stovenscn nntl
Bourke Cockran. But two things marred the occasion for the Democrats. One
was the absence of W. R, Hearst, the president of the association, and the other
the fact that the actual representation of Democratic clubs frp-n outside the
State was not what had been expected by the more enthusiastic of the local man
agers.
The convention closed to-night with a speech by Bourk* Cockran. who Jour
neyed to the city in his private car. Adlai E. Stevenson, the Vice Presidential
candidate, was In the convention all tlay, and "William Jennings Bryan came in the
afternoon, reachlnc the city about 2:40. Mr. Bryan came in a private car. which
brought' him from Wisconsin. After arriving In the city It was necessary that he
should have a few minutes' rest, which he took while eating luncheon. It was 4
o'clock when he finally reached the convention hall and was welcomed by the
crowd that had been growirg very restless waiting fcr him. The afternoon audi
ences which attended the closing session of the convention to-night were the
largest of the two days. The hall was really crowded this afternoon. Possibly
half the crowd was composed of women.
Among the things wbich transpired to-day were reports from the different
committees, Including a set of resolutions. During the day there were speeches
galore, among them being remarks by Augustus Thomas, the playwright, of New
York, and speeches by three women. There was also a speech by a negro, Mil
ton Turner.
The absence of W. R. Hearst remained unexplained further than that it was
said he was ill. Some had hoped and even expected that Mr. Hearst would come
with the Presidential candidate, but he did not come, and* Mr. Bryan. It was
said, knew nothing of his whereabouts.
The reception accorded Bryan on the way to the hall was nothing unusual.
The crowd in the hall cheered him for ten minutes. The speakers of the after
noon were P. E. Howe of New York, Adlal E. Stevenson, former Ger.eral Master
"Workman Sovereign, Milton Turner and W. J. Bryan.
To-night Bourke Cockran was the only speaker of the convention's closing
meeting and was greeted by a large audience. He was in poor voice because of
a sore throat, but was given a respectful hearing. Bryan begins his Indiana
tour to-morrow, and Cockran will al3o make some speeches In the State.
BRYAN AND STEVENSON A MOKG THE SPEAKERS.
INDIANAPOLIS, Oct. 4.— Governor McMillin of Tennessee presided at the
morning session of the National Association of Democratic Clubs. The con
vention took up the report of the committee on permanent organization as soon
as the session began. The report recommended that the following officers be
elected: "W. R. Hearst, president; Max F. Ihmsen, secretary; Marcus Daly,
treasurer.
It was also recommended that the executive committee, which now consists
of seventeen members, be Increased to forty-five members, a member from
each State. After an animated discussion It was unanimously decided cot to
increase the membership of the executive committee.
Governor McMlllin of Tennessee, in taking the chair, made an address in
which he spoke of imperialism and predicted Bryan's election.
Hon. George B. McClellan of New York followed with an address denounc
ing Imperialism.
Brief addresses were also made by Mrs. Eva McDonald Valllsha of "Wash
ington, D. C; Mrs. Maria E. Walker of Chicago, president of the National "Wo
men's Bryan League; Hon. M. L. Lockwood of Pennsylvania, president of the
National Anti-Trust, League.
Adlal E. Stevenson spoke at the afternoon session, saying in part:
It augurs well that In this baitle for the preservation of free government so many
of the young Democrats of the country are actively and earnestly at work. The independ
ence of the pending struggle for political supremacy cannot be measured by words. The
supreme issue Is that of "republic or empire." Important and far-reaching as the trust
evil Is. It Is secondary to the yet greater evil of lmrwrtallsm. No unmeaning words are
used when it la declared the "paramount issue" of the campaign. Imperialism was the
issue of the pending contest before even the assembling of political conventions. It is
in the thoughts . of men and to remain until settled by the ballot.
The Republican administration Is engaged In the prosecution of war. and this without
the constitutional requirement of a formal declaration of war by Congress. It Is In the
strictest sense an administration war. The re-election of President McKlnley will be held
by himself and his party— and Justly so— as an Indorsement of the policy of the administra
tion toward the Philippine Islands. Let no Republican with an uneasy conscience delude
himself with the hope that If sustained at the polls there will be a change in the methods
and policy of the administration. Such delusion is worse than midsummer madness. Ttu
condemnation of the administration by the ballot Is our only hope of escape from the peril
ous policy it has Inaugurated.
Imperialists claim they can give the Filipinos a- better government than they can pos
sibly establish for themselves. This plan of governing other people for their own good
did not originate with the Imperialists of to-day. It was the plan urged by the crafty,
heartless Talleyrand, for the government of the American colonies. Imperialism knows
nothing of limitations of power. It enthrones force as the controlling agency of govern
ment. It means the empire. Following closa in the wake of imperialism will come the
immense standing army. The dread hand of militarism will be felt In the new world as
In the oM. The strong arm of power will be substituted for the peaceful agencies which
have for more than a century made our people contented and happy. In the great struggle
now on us. we invoke the co-operation of all who revere the memory of our fathers and
to whom this declaration Is no unmeaning parchment, but the enduring chart of our lib
erties; we appeal to the sober Judgment and patriotism of the American people.
After Mr. Stevenson had concluded James R. Sovereign, ex-general master
workman of the Knights of Labor, spoke, dealing with the workingman from
a political standpoint. Mr. Sovereign was followed by J. Milton Turner, Minister
to Liberia under Grant's administration, who spoke briefly on behalf of the
negro.
DEGREE OF ENTHUSIASM IS WORKED UP.
As soon as Mr. Bryan appeared on the platform there was a wild shout
of greeting and this soon developed Into a demonstration which continued for
about six minutes, until, indeed, there was a cail for a cessation from Mr. Bryan
himself. His speech was liberally applauded throughout and wiien it was con
cluded there was a rush to the stage on the part of those in the audience who.
wished to shake hands with him. He, however, avoided this demonstration and
soon found his way back to his hotel. Mr. Bryan said in part:
As Mr. Turner .'concluded Mr. Bryan ' appeared on the platform. His ar
rival served to instill into the meeting a degree of enthusiasm which had not
previously marked, the proceedings of the convention. He reached the city a
few minutes before 3 o'clock, but did not arrive at the hall until 4:15 o'clock.
He was escorted through the streets by a number of marching clubs and was
welcomed at every turn by throngs of people.*./'. •'
I appreciate the work done and being done and to be done by this association of
Democratic clubs, and appreciate the energy, tfce enthusiasm and the ability displayed by
Mr. Hearst, the president of this association. I believe In these clubs. We need them.
We need clubs far more than the Republicans need clubs. In fact, my friends, the work
of Democracy, being the work of the people, must be done by the people. Machinery la
not sufficient when we have but machinery alone to win a Democratic fight. W» need these
clubs to aid in the work and supplement the effort3 of our national. State and local or
ganizations. We need the clubs to help us to carry on our campaign. The Republican
party can get its money from the corporations, which plunder the people between cam
paigns In return for the money contributed during campaigns. We cannot go to a trust
and ask It to help us. because we do not expect to be helped. We know that every
speech made by a Democrat against these trusts makes It easier for their party to raise a
campaign fund. Tou understand it. We need these clubs to help us collect money to
carry on the campaign.
The Republican party does not collect ironey for its national campaign fund from one
Republican, out of a hundred, and when election is over M out of every 100 Republican*
have nothing to say about the. running of the Government. We expect that the cam
palzn will be conducted In behalf of the great mass of Americans, and we have the right
to call on them to help with their money as well as their votes to win this fight, which
Is their fight and not our flsht. We need clubs to help get the votes out on election day.
Out in our State we sometimes arrange to have volunUers who will go out. and when they
find a man who thinks he is too busy husking corn to spare the time to vote, the vol
unteer husks in his place until he sroes and votes. We need these clubs to help get the
vote out. and then we need these clubs to help get the rotes counted and to prevent fraud
after they are cast. I glory in the work done thus far.. The meeting of these delegates
here is an indication of the interest taken In this work, and I beg you to spend every
possible moment between now and election In securing funds for those principles which,
you believe in and for this cause which I have so earnestly espoused.
Mr. Bryan then went Into a discussion of the campaign issues, paying es-
pedal attention to the trust question. He continued:
The Republican party is not prepared to defend Itself on the army question. They say
President Hearst of the Associa
tion Fails to Appear— Bryan
Works Up Some Enthusiasm.
Democratic Delegates and Others
Who Attend the Conference
of Clubs to Listen to Leaders.
FAIRLY REVEL IN
FEAST OF WORDS
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
SAN FRANCISCO, FRIDAY, OCTOBER 5, 1900.
The San Francisco Call.DEAD IN GAXVESTON
EXCEED FIVE THOUSAND
GALVESTON.'Tcx., Oct. 4.— The finding
of corpses seems never ending, twenty
five a day being recovered. Certainly now
the dead in the city will exceed 5000, be
yond tho city limits 1200 and on the main
land more than 1000. .
*'¦'•¦"- , - - ¦. * - -
Cutting Passenger Rates.
ST.. PAUL. Minn.. Oct. 4.— It is stated
to-day that the Northern Pacific and Soo
lines will meet and possibly go below the
reduced rates announced yesterday by the
Great Northern. The cut in rates thus
far Is In home seekers' rates, but railroad
officials In this city think It likely general
passenger business throughout the West
may . be affected. ..... . c \-,« •
. .. . ¦\ : -v . - "- \
SKIRMISHES WITH -BOERS
OP DAILY OCCTTRRENCE
Roberts Reports Numerous Encoun-
ters. Wherein the Enemy Are
; ; Alway? Losers.
LONDON, Oct. 4.— Ivord Roberts wires:
"Hart returned to Krugersdorp October
1. He has been thirty-three days from his
ba5ei'inarched : 310 miles, was In contact
with the enemy twenty-nine days, killed
£>n unknown number and captured ninety
six. The British lost three killed, three
prisoners and twenty-four wounded. Hart
brought back 2720 head of cattle and 32S1
>?heept
vBullcr has returned to Leydenburg
from • Spltzkop with a thousand sheep.
There are skirmishes with the Boers daily,
but they are small affairs.
"The "Dublin Fuslleers made a night as
sault with the bayonet on a Boer laager
between Pretoria and Johannesburg and
captured nine men. mostly important
Boers who have troubled the district.
"A party of Boers have penetrated the
southern part of Orange River colony and
entered Dewetsdorp and Wepener. De
tachments.are after them." -
BEVENTJE CUTTER AGROTrND
OFF COAST OF CUBA
Governor General Wood On Board,
t *-v : But Js In Safety." t ¦
.HAVANA, Oc't,. 4.— The revenue cutter
Viking; with Gover'nor General Wood on
lizard, ran aground" Tuesday afternoon on
a .key. near the coast about sixty' miles
from Batabaco. A steamer has gone to
tow j he Viking off the reef. All the mem
bers of the party arc safe.
WORKMEN'S SIDE IN THE .
TRADE ARBITRATION SHOWN
At Present, Owing to Overproduction,
Glass Cutters Should Curtail
Work.
WASHINGTON. Oct. 4.—The workmen's
side of the question in the trpde arbitra
tion was presented before the Industrial
Commission to-day by A.-M. Hammett ol
Plttsburgr, one of the officers of the Win
dow Glass Cutters' Union.
Mr. Hammett said that at present the
cutters should not .work more than seven
months a year, owing to the fact that the
glass production was in excess of the do
mestic demand. The workers have a wage
scale committee, which meets with the
manufacturers each year and adjusts the
wage scale and other matters'for the en
suing year. The wages of the cutters now
run from $5 to $6 a day. The men are not
at work now. owing to some differences
over the season's schedule, which is still
in'conference between the workmen and
the employers.
EXPLORERS RETURN FROM
SHORES OF GREENLAND
Lieutenant Amdrup's Expedition
Mapped a Hitherto Unknown
Stretch of Land.
COPENHAGEN. Oct. 4.— Lieutenant
Amdrup's Greenland . expedition has ar
rived here on board the Antartlc. The
members of the expedition explored and
mapped a hitherto unknown stretch of
land extending from Cape Town, latitude
69 degrees 28 minutes north, to Agassiz
Land, 67 degrees 22 minutes north.
Counterfeiters Caught.
WICHITA, Kans., Oct. 4.— T. P. Franta.
said to be the leader of a gang of alleged
counterfeiters, was arrested here late last
night. He lives at Canton, Kans., and
stood high in that community. The coins
are made out of Mexican sliver dollars
and lead. -Frantz is said to have coined
the money.
George Ball, Isaac Ball and Frank*No
lan are in the Federal Jail at Fort Scott,
accused of passing the coins at Galena
and Joplin. , .
No Quorum Present.
Special Dispatch to 'The Call.
: NEW YORK, Oct. 4.— No quorurn was
present at to-day's meeting of the South
ern Pacific Railroad directors. It is prob
able a'rneeting will be : held ¦ to-morrow,
but not likely that Huntingdon's succes
sor will be named. * ¦.
Thrpe stations back there were on the plat
form with me three men, sons of farmers from
the nelfchboriiood. who bad gone into the regu
lar army and served two years. Those are the
ir.en to whom Governor Poynter alludes as
hirelings, i was glad enough to have these
"hirelings" on either Bide. of my regiment. We
were none of us In a mood to pay much atten
tion as v». whether a man "was a volunteer or
a regular — white man , or^colored. The "hire
lings" at Fantlago left between 1300 and 1400
of their killed. and wounded;. The mold Is fresh
on .the graves of those "hirelings" who He in
the Philippines. 'Have they not deserved well
or their rcountry? .• I ask you as American citi
zens to stamp your disapproval on all who"
sneer at such men, who put upon them •slight
and Blander. I have • answered, the statement
ot Governor Poynter and; naive given names and
dates. I do not make any statement that I
cannot stand by. . •.-•,.:. $..'¦,.. tig ¦ -
The other day at Lincoln I stated that Gov
ernor Poynter had been "reported as having
spoken of the regular tTnited States soldiers
as $15 a month hirelings." He has denied that
he has ever made such a statement, attribut
ing to me the word butcher, which I never
used. He was reported in the press as having
mad« euch a statement, but Mr. Dietrich and
Mr. Steufer. now, running on the Republican
State ticket, heard him make use of those
words In the latter part of August at an old
settlers' picnic at Dakota City. In the Intter
part of September, at Superior, Messrs. Diet
rich. Prout, Savage and Steufer all heard him
make the same statement in slightly different
words.
NORFOLK. Xebr., Oct. 4.— At O'Neil a
stop of fifteen minutes was made. Gov
ernor Roosevelt said in part:
BASSETT. Nebr., Oct. 4.— A troop of
mounted cowboys and citizens of the town
collected this morning at the depot to
greet Governor Roosevelt. He made tho
usual plea to his auditors to "vote to up
hold not only the cause of our material
well-being, but the cause of the honor of
the American flag." At Ainsworth Gov
ernor Roosevelt made a brief speech. On
the stand was a faded and tattered ban
ner bearing the names of Lincoln and
Hamlin, which had been carried in the
campaign of I860.
000. another for $55,000 and two checks on
the Fifth Avenue Trpst Company for $25 -
CKX> and $135,000, respectively. All these
checks were submitted separately to
Handwriting Experts William A. Kinsrs
ley. David Karlbo and Mr. Har&en of
JTroy. N. Y. They all examined the checks
separately. They agreed in tho conclu
sion that the signatures were forged
The experts found that an assignment
purporting to have been signed by Mr
Rice was a forgery. On the findings of
the experts the arrests were made.
It appears. that Mr. Rice made two wills
The first was executed In September, 1S96
and was sent to Mr. Rice's attorney at
Houston, Tex.. Captain James A. Baker.
Mr. Patrick produced a copy of a second
will,' it is alleged, and ho (Patrick) re
ceived about nine-tenths of the million
aire's estate.
The prosecutors claim that subsequent
to the signing of the second will Mr. Rice
assigned and transferred to Mr. Patrick
absolutely all his estate, and he (Patrick)
agreed to pay him an annuity of 510,000 a
year and erect a monument costing $5000
over his remains.
"WASHINGTON, Oct. 4.— The receipts of
Klondike cold at the San Francisco Mint
and Seattle assay office from July 1 to
September 30 aggregated $16,047,555, and
of Cape Nome S2.311.soi. The total of all
deposits at both offices during the three
months was J33.23J.310.
OMAHA, Nebr.. Oct. 4.— The only de
velopment this morning In the Kansas
City train-robbery Is the identification of
the dead robber aa a man who worked
for a short time about a month ago in
the barber shop of Fritz Bernhardt of
Council Bluffs.
Chief of Police Donahue of this city saw
the remains of the dead robber to-day and
says they are not those of Poorman. the
barber who formerly worked in Omaha
and is well known to the> chief. He gives
it as his opinion, from the appearance or
the man, that he was a raUroader.
A man who gives the name of D. R.
Knight was arrested this afternoon on
suspicion of being the accomplice of th«
robber who was killed In the hold-up last
night. He came in on the train from Pa
cific Junction, Jowa. and Immediately on
reaching the city purchased a mornrnj?
paper and read the account of the rob
bery. There is no evidence against him
at present, except his nervous manner and
suspicious actions. He says hia home la
at Missoula. Mont., and that he has been
staying for some time at Thayer. Iowa.
Receipts of Klondike Gold.
Accomplice.
Police Arrest a Han and Sold Him.
on Suspicion of Being an
DEAD THAU* ROBBER IS
IDENTIFIED AS BARBES
NEW YORK. Oct. 4.— Captain McClus
key, chief of the detective bureau, to
night announced that his men had ar
rested»Attorney Albert T. Patrick and the
valet, Jones, for forgery In the case of
William Rice, the Texas millionaire, who
died suddenly in this city a week ago
Sunday.
Mr. Rice's strong box was opened to
night. No will was found, but there were
securities estimated .to be worth about
$1,000 ,000. The property will remain in tho
custody of the safe deposit company un
til such time as the company feels author
ized to deliver to some one beyond doubt
entitled to receive it.
The exact charge against Patrick and
Jones is that they forged signatures to
checks and assignments drawn by the late
millionaire. J ' ¦
The day following the death of Mr. Rice
Mr. Patrick took to the banking house of
S. M. Swenson & Sons a check drawn in
his favor and signed by Mr. Rice for $25,-
OMAHA, Oct. 4.— Governor Rooseveit
was met at the train this evening as it
rolled into the station after a day oi;
strenuous effort. In which no less than
ten speeches were made, by the reception
committee of this city and alter a parade
through the streets he was conveyed to
a tent where an enormous audience had
assembled to hear him speak. The street
reception accorded the Governor was ex
tremely warm and brilliant and enormous
crowds lined the street.
He ppoke an hour and a half, and was
listened to with profound attention. At
midnight Governor Roosevelt departed on
his Iowa trip.
WEST POIXT. Xebr.. Oct. 4.— Three
hundred mounted men came from Madi
son to-day beside an excursion train load
ed with people to hear Governor Roose
velt speak at the town of Norfolk. It
wasnearlvil o'clock when "West Point was
reached. A big crowd was found waiting,
composed of mounted men and citizens.
'VALENTINE, Nebr.. Oct. 4.— Governor
Roosevelt arrived here at 7 o'clock this
morning. A large crowd, composed large
ly of cattlemen, had assembled to hear
Governor Roosevelt. He said:
I was once in a little Texas town where thero
was> a cow puncher leaning against a wall and
a dapper -fellow standing near with a little
nickel-plated revolver In his hand. By some
means It - went off. The cow puncher looked,
at him a moment and then said: "Now,
if you fhoot me on purpose I may for-
Kive you, but If you' shoot me by accident
I may kick you out of town." Now, don't
let us fhoot ourselves by accident and put up
the' excuse that we did not know It was loaded.
We have tried experiments, we have got a good
thing, and we should stand by It. There are
Just two types of men who are our opponents.
One is the nhr>rt-Eight#d foolish and the other
Is the unpatriotic type. Bvery man who feels
keenly the honor of 1 the flag, who realizes the
<!ibt that all of us owe to those who upheld
the honor of the flag In times gone by, should
eland with us to-day.
ATTORNEY AND VALET
ACCUSED OF FORGERY
Arrest of Patrick and Jones in Connection With the Case
of Millionaire William Rice.
ROOSEVELT RECEIVES
OVATION IN NEBRASKA
Makes Ten Speeches During the Day and Receives a
Rousing Welcome at Many Places.
thlc Is no question of militarism, arid yet a n army four times as great as the standing
army of 1S96 Is demanded by the President's message of December, 1S98. How much do •
we EDend for education in the United States? Less than /JIJOO.OOO.OOO a year. How much 1
do the Republicans want to spend on military establishments? One hundred million dol
lars a year. They want to spend more than half as much for a military establishment as
we srend for the education of all the children in the United States. Is that not a Btep
toward militarism? There are two reasons which lead men in this country to want a large
Etanding army. One is a domestic one; the other Is called our foreign affairs. What do
mestic reason Is there for a large army? To protect us from the Indians? So; the less
Indians we have the more army the Republicans want. That Is not the cause. Why do
they want It? So that they can build a fort near every large city and use the army to
suppress by force the discontent that ought to be cured by remedial legislation. !
The laboring man asks for arbitration and gets a large army; he asks relief from
government by Injunction and gets a large army; he asks protection* from the blacklist
and his answer is a large army; he asks for shorter hours of labor in order that he may
have more time with his family .and for the development of his mind and his answer is
a large army; he asks for representation In th<» President's Cabinet In order that labor
may be protected and his answer is a' large army. That is i the domestic reason which is
not given. What is the reason they give? They say th'ey need It for our foreign policy,
but, my Mends, they asked for the army before the American people had ever decided upon
a foreign policy that made a large army necessary. In December of 1S98, when' the Presi
dent asked for his army, the treaty had not yet been signed..- but Its terms were under
stood. When the Republican Congress voted to raise the army to 100,000 the treaty had
been signed and no arm was raised against this nation anywhere in the world. But the
American people had never voted for a colonial policy. Up to this time tha American
people have never voted for a colonial policy, and yet the Republican party is pledged to a
farce army.
CONCLUDING SESSION OF THE CONVENTION.
The concluding session of the convention, at which W. Bourke Cockran was
the speaker of the evening, witnessed a densely packed hall and great enthu
siasm. Governor McMillin of Tennessee called the meeting to order at 8 o'clock
and Introduced Mr. Cockran, who was received with great applause. Mr. Cock
ran devoted his speech to the question of imperialism. He said In part:
Nobody can dispute the fact that Congress can seize any territory that It chooses.
That power nobody disputes. If the taktng of the Philippine Islands be profitable, and if
the mere fact that it be profitable makes it Justifiable, then where on top of this earth is
there a piepe of territory that we. ought rot to seize?
There are a million reasons for takinp Canada. I don't think there Is on© for hesitat
ing to annex It providing It could be accomplished peaceably. The annexation of Canada
Is the dream of every patriot, I think ail event of the future almost as certain aa anything
that can be forecasted. The annexation of Mexico is not an improbability. The annexation
of China would be a. lew fanciful suggestion now than the annexation of the Philippines
would have been three years ago. Nay, more. There in much more abundant justification
for the taking of China than for the taking of the Philippines. China has at least in
sulted our dignity In the person of our Embassadctr. If wt Invaded' China, and If we
conquered it. we would be punishing enemies. In attempting to Bubdue the Philippines we
are butchering our allies. If ConKre«s has the right to erect in any territory newly acquired
whatever f<?rm of government it pleases we may have the President of the United States
exercising more multifarious duties than Poobah. He may be a constitutional monarch in
Canada, a captain general In Mexico, a pro-ccnsul In South America, eon of heaven In
China; I know not what elsewhere. • . *ii>
If Conuress can establish extraconftitutional power In the Philippine: Islands and gov
ern as it pleases it can establish fifty different forms of powers in Juet as many different
places as it can seize by the use of brute force and mijjht.
At 10:10 o'clock the convention adjourned sine die.
(Continued From First Page.)
FAIRLY REVEL IN A FEAST OF WORDS
EXECUTIVE COMMITTEEM AN FEED DILCHER OF THE -UNITED
¦MINE WORKERS OF AMERICA. AS THE PICTURE -INDICATES, HE !
IS A HEAVYWEIGHT, THE HEAVIEST IN THE COAL STRIKE. j
I/3XDON, Oct. 5 (4 a. m.)— "The Khaki"
boon has 6wept the country. Yesterday's
liolllngs are a ta'.e of increased Minister
ialist uDd diminished Liberal majorities.
The returns from the rural districts to- '
Oay (Friday) and to-morrow may do
t-omething to rehabilitate the Liberals,
tat the results thus far have fully Justi
fied Mr. Chamberlain and the party or
tanizefs who Are backing the government,
in their election of the moment to dis
solve Parliament.
Few doubt that an appeal to the country
:i month or two earlier would have pro
duced an even greater Unionist outburst.
Nevertheless, the Ministerialists may al
ready congratulate themselves on being
-oturnod with .in increased majority. Yes
?erday the Conservatives gained twelve
itauj as against three gained by the
Liberals.
The workingmen of the country have
replied in very decided voice in favor of
the wax and cf the annexation of the
republics. Even Liberal Scotland is at
last feeling the full force of the shock,
the Glasgow Tories being as much
as the Liberals at their unex
pected success in winning two seats. An
drew Dryburgh Provand, who was de
feated In the Blackfrlars division, has
hat for Glasgow in the Liberal Interest
.<ince 38M. and the Bridgetown division
was Sir George Otto Trevelyan's old eeat.
Both had long been Liberal strongholds.
The results in Liverpool and other in
dustrial districts tell a similar story of
increased Unionist majorities.
Mr. Chamberlain, who was listening to
the results over the telephone, sent the
following message to the people of Birm
ingham:
"This has been a good day's work of
the empire."
London itself felt the full tide of the
Vnionist victory. The Liberal representa
tion from the metropolis will not amount
to more than seven or eight out of sixty
two members. Indeed, the isolated Lib
eral successes only serve to enhance the
Fweephm nature of the Unionist triumph.
In all directions the anti-war candidates
have Ix^en defeated. Even Mr. Cremer's
success at Hajrgerston Is doubtful, as a
recount has he^n demanded.
Londoners were not slow last evening
to testify their delight. Wherever the
results were oisplayed crowds collected
to cheer and to demonstrate in favor of
their favorites. In various polling dis
tricts the candidates appeared at win
dows or drove about, receiving tremend
ous ovations. The returns from many
1'oints will not be known until toward
noon to-iiay.
At midnight returns showed the total
number to be t'ected to be SS7, with the
relative strength of parties as follows:
Mini5ter:a!ists 2Sft; Liberals, including
Lfihorites. 72; Nationalists 45.
The Conservatives have gained alto
pether twenty-one seats, and the Liberals
fourteen.
The Daily Mail describes the election as
"the rout of the pro-Boers" and "the
debacle of 'Little Englandism.' "
Only one of the seven boroughs of Bir
mingham was contested, but the Liberals
organized an aggressive campaign to take
one seat in Mr. Chamberlain's city. He,
took an active part in the canvass in be
fcalf of Sir J. Benjamin' Stone^Oonserya
llve candidate for ICast Birmingham, and
the victory of the latter is considered in
part a personal triumph for the Secretary
of State' for the Colonies. • ! - -• ..
In the Scotland division of Liverpool T.
P. O'Connor, who has represented the
constituency since 1*55. wds re-elected.
Mr. O'Connor's majority is 78 less than it
was ii» the general election of 1S35, when
he defeated W. E. McCartney, Conserva
tive, by 643 votes. In the other Liver
pool boroughs the Conservatives gained
larpely.
In th«» Central division of Leeds Gerald
William Dalfour. Chief Secretary for Ire
land: and brother of the First Lord of the
Treasury, defeated his liberal opponent.
Sir C. C. Montagu, by 1102 votes, nearly
ViouWins the majority he received In the
1^5 election.
In West Southwark Sir A. J. Newton.
Lord Mayor of London, was defeated by
Richard K. Kauston. Liberal, who has
represented the constituency since 1ESS.
In the Central division of Edinburgh
I>r. A. Conan Doyle. Conservative, was
defeated by G. M. Hi own. Liberal, who
received 3'.CS votes, as against 2159 cast for
Mr. Doyle.
In .HafrgerFton. London, W. R. Cremer.
Liberal, carrir-d the election, receiving 2294
votes, as apainft 2257 oast for his Con
servative opponent. John Lowles. who
carried the constituency in 1<?55 against
Mr. Cremer by a majority of 31 votes.
Herbert Gladstone, Liberal, carried
West Leeds by a majority of 521, receiving
Tri43 votes, as against <ZSZ cast for his
Conservative opponent. Colonel T. \V.
Harding.
At Newcastle. Harlam. Liberal-I'nion
5?t. defeated William Allen, Liberal, by a
vote of 3730. against 36c*.
FRENCH VINEYARDS ARE
DAMAGED BY STORM
. PARIS. Oct. 4.— Heavy storms through
out Franc* have done much damage to
property and livestock. Many of the
rivrrs are overflowing;, devastating wide
tracts. Tht- vir.e-growinjr districts are the
jfr^atest suffr-rrrs. The vines have been
bpatf-n drnvTi and in many cases the crop3
are aimopt mirwd. The damapp done Sn
the Haute Pyrenees amounts to disaster.
The Fituatir>n I? so critical. In Burgundy,
Auverpne. the- Rhone and the Saune- vine
yards that in response to. the urgrent re
quests of the growers the Minister of
War. -General Andre. Is- sending troops to
aid in the harvesting. . • ;..-•:'_ --.-"'.
Greatly Increased Gains of
Ministerialists Shown
at the Polls.
Workingmen of the Country Respond
With a Decided Voice in Favor
of the War in South
Africa..
BRITAIN HAS
SUSTAINED BIG
KHAKI BOOM
NOMINATE
DELEGATES TO
NEXT CONGRESS
Hawaiians Choose Native-
Born Citizens of the
Islands.
Hon. Samuel Parker Represents the
Republicans, Prince David Be
ing the Choice of toe.
• Democrats.
HONOLULU. Sept. 26 (via Victoria Oct.
4).— The Republican and Democratic
parties each opened their conventions on
the 24th. Each party named native Ha
waiians for delegates to Washington,
making it certain that all the candidates
in the field will be natives. The Inde
pendents are sure to put up Robert W.
Wilcox. '
The Republican nominee i3 the Hon.
Samuel Parker, chairman of the Hawaiian
delegation to the National Republican
convention at Philadelphia. The Demo
crats have put up Prince David Kawan
anakoa who would have been In line for
succession to t'ae Hawaiian throne If the
monarchy had lasted. Both Parker and
Prince David are widely known and very
popular natives, and the campaign, with
them and "Wilcox in the field, promise* t<->
be interesting. Wilcox is an avowed
royalist and an enemy of annexation. He
has a large following of natives.
The Republican convention adopted a
platform indorsing the McKlnley admin
istration and containing many planks
dealing with matters of Interest to Ha
waii. The Nicaragua canal and Pacific
cable are earnestly spoken of. as well as
harbor improvements and public build
ings that are badly needed. The party
pledges Itself to secure from the Legis
lature "a liberal allowance for the use and
benefit of LJliuokalani." and asks Con
gress to change the provision in the ter
ritorial bill which requires that all pro
ceedings In the legislature of Hawaii shall
be in the English language, so that Ha
waiian .may be used as well. One plank
of the platform declares that the party
will do all In Its power to secure state
hood for the new territory.
There are now two tickets In the field
for the Legislature and the National Con
gress. Democratic and Republican, and
the Independents will meet In a few days
and name a third ticket.
The British bark Dunregan. which was
ashore at Diamond Head, will leave to
morrow for the coast, without waiting for
repairs. She is leaking slightly, but will
take with her a gasoline pump to keep
pace with the leak. The salvage case
against her is not yet settled.
Ten thousand dollars is the sum paid to
the tug Fearless by the American ship
Euterpe as the price of being saved from
shipwreck at Kuau, near Kahului. The
Fearless pulled the Euterpe oft the reef
when she was In great danger.
The schooner Aloha has returned from
Lnysan Island, where she arrived a few
days after Captain Spencer and other
white men, after shooting two of tho
Japanese employed on the Island, had
started back to Honolulu with the rest
of the Japanese In irons. The Aloha
found only the two men who had been
left In charge. Spencer and Engineer
Luhrs. These two men, who were alone
on the little Island, could not agree, and
Luhrs came back. Tb€ bark Ceylon is
now on its way to the Island with a load
of Japanese to get a cargo of guano.
Members of the Chinese Reform So
ciety here have received from their corre
spondents in Southern China a circular
telling of the organization of a new so
ciety with similar alms to the Bow Wong
Wul, or Kang Yu Wei. It is declared to
have been formed in Macao, a Portuguese
settlement south of Canton, and to have
already begun warfare upon the present
Chinese government. The object of . the
society Is stated to be to organize a pro
gressive government In China, with
Kwang Hsu on the throne. <
SHAMOKIN. Pa,. Oct. 4.— Three thou
sand strikers, headed by a band and 300
slate-picker boys, the latter carrying small
American flags, left Mount Carmel this
morning to march to Treverton, sixteen
miles distant, in Northumberland County,
to urge the workmen of the North Frank
lin colliery to remain at home to-morrow.
The North Franklin operators have not
ceased work since the strike started, and
strikers from all over the region were an
gered over the failure of the Treverton
men to tie-up the colliery; hence as the
Mount Carmel marchers swung along the
highway they declared they would not be
balked in their effort to take the matter
up themselves. In the meantime the
Reading Coal and Iron CJompany had
rushed a special train consisting of five
carloads of deputies from Schuylkill
County to the scene. General Gobln at
. Shenandoah had also been asked to hold
himself in readiness to dispatch troops to
Treverton if a fight occurred, and if the
Sheriff should call for militia,
President Fahey. of the . ninth' mining
district, telephoned from - Pottsville to
Gcorgo Hartiine- secretary of the district,
to stop the march. Hartiine, accompanied
by several members of the executive
board, hurried up the road, and at Green
.Ridge, three miles out from Mount Car
mel, came upon the marchers. The com
mittee mounted a platform and Hartiine,
in a five-minute address to the highly ex
cited men. persuaded them to go home.
Then he hurried to this place, where 5000
miners were gathered on Shamokin and
Commerce streets, awaiting the arrival of
the marchers. From a hotel balcony Hart
line, told of his successful mission, and
pleaded with his auditors to disperse,
which they did.
Some time later officials of the North
Franklin colliery announced that to pre
vent trouble the colliery would not be
operated until the strike was settled.
HAZELTON, Oct. 4.— General Gobin, as
a result of the march to Treverton, to
night rescinded his order /for Battery C
of the National Guard to return home
Affairs were quiet In all other sections
of the anthracite field to-day, and the
strikers scored Important gains in the
closing Gf additional collieries in the
Schuylkill district.
With a cessation qf operations at the
North Franklin, all of the Philadelphia
and Reading Company's twenty-nine col
liories will have now ceased work. The
point of attack by the United Mine Work
ers' organizers now is the Panther Creek
Valley in the lower Lehigh region, where
the collieries of the Lehigh Coal and Nav
igation Company have been practically
in full operation since the strike began
in the other sections. Strenuous efforts
have been put forth to induce the men to
quit work and join the union.
President Mitchell to-day said there was
no immediate prospect of a convention of
miners to consider the concessions offered
by the operators.
None of the Lackawanna Company's
strikers availed themselves of the offer
of increased wages if they should return
to work to-day. »
? i ¦ i
NO NOTICE TAKEN OF OFFER.
Miners Refuse to Return to Work and
Arrange a Big Demonstration.-
HAZLETOX, Oct. 4.-Not the slightest
notice has been taken by the striking
minors of the 10 per cent offered to the
employes by several of the larger coal
companies. As far as is definitely known
not one striking miner has accepted the
advance, but on the other hand more have
quit their places, notably in the Schuyl
kill region, where three additional col
lieries of the Reading Company were
shut down. The United Mine Workers'
officials are still hard at work trying to
close the few mines that continue in
operation. All the organizers and tlu
national committeemen were in some part
of the field during the day, only President
Mitchell being on duty at headquarters.
Mr. Mitchell did little else than to attend
to his correspondence and answer tele
phone calls from different sections of the
region. When he was asked , what was
new In the strike situation, he briefly re
plied:
"We are waiting on the operators."
He says he had no information to-day
as to the movements of the mine owners
other than that printed in the newspapers.
He also remarked that the call for . an
anthracite miners' convention is not yet
in sight. When the convention is called,
however, Scranton win probably be
chosen for It, because of its availabil
ity for convention puposes. But it is too
early 'yet to say that a convention will
be held there next Wednesday.
Applications by striking miners for re
lief are beginning to be received by local
unions In several sections of the anthra
cite field. President Mitchell said to
night that wherever 'applications have
been made for relief necessary supplies
were furnished. A report waa received
from Wilkesbarre to-day that a commit
tee, representing twenty-three local
unions, embracing- about 14,000 miners,
would confer with the national president
over the telephone about relief, but up to
midnight this had not been done.
About eighty men marched from Free
land to Pond Creek to-day for the,purpos«
of inducing forty men employed by the
Pond Creek and Wilkesbarre Coal Com
pany to join the striking miners. The
marchers reached there at noon, just as
the men were leaving the mines. The
strikers were met by ex-Judge Latrobe,
president of the company,' and Superin
tendent " Thomas McFarland, who ex
plained to the bti'kers that the company
was only developing the mine and would
send no coal to market if the strikers
would not ask the men to quit work. The
marchers agreed to this proposition, ami
Mr. I.atrobe took the Freedland men to
the village grocery store and treated them
10 crackers and apples. The United Mine
Workers are making extra efforts to got
the men who are still working in the
Panther Creek Valley to strike and join
the union. More organizers have been
sent into the valley with the hope of
swinging the 1500 men still working there
Into line.
President Mitchell to-night said that the
strikers of the Lackawanna Valley will
make an effort to outdo the Wilkesbarre
demonstration at Scranton next Wednes
day. It Is the intention to have a big pa
rade of miners from the entire Lacka
wanna .Valley. A mass meeting will fol
low, at which President Mitchell and other
mine workers' officials. will speak. . . .
Fortunately the Marchers
Were Turned Back, While
Troops Remained.
ARMED DEPUTIES SENT
Sharp Conflict Between
the Men Seemed
Inevitable.
THOUSANDS
OFMINERS
Uli Ifmtlull
Sought to Stop
Work in Big
Collier v.
VVAAAVA ¥ •
• ¦ '
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL., FRIDAY, OCTOBER 5, 1900.
—Philadelphia Record.
HEADS OR TAILS?
Continued From First Page.
FIRST STEP IN RESTORING PEACE.
PROPOSITIONS OF A FAR-REACHING NATURE.
"WASHINGTON, Oct. 4.— Propositions of a far-reaching character concerning
China are being presented in rapid succession to this Government. The State
Department had no sooner disposed of one of these propositions to-day by de
livering a response to the German Government than it was confronted by an
even more Important proposition submitted by the Ffench Government, and
within half an hour formally seconded by the Russian' Government.
The Franco-Russian proposal takes a much broader scope and submits a pro
gramme under which the negotiations for a complete settlement can be carried
forward. The French Charge. M. Thiebaut, handed the proposition to Secretary
Hay shortly after noon and held a brief conference concerning It. Half an hour
later M. de Wallant, the Russian Charge, arrived at the State Department and
handed to Mr. Hay a cable expressing Russian approval of the propositions
Just submitted by France. Mr Hay gave no formal answer to the two com
munications, as they will go first to the President at Canton.
The Franco-Russian proposition is under four heads— namely, first, punish
ment of the guilty persons; second, interdiction of the shipment of arms Into
China: third, payment of indemnity to the powers, and fourth, sufficient guar
antees for the future.
In addition a suggestion Is made for the establishment of a permanent lega
tion guard at Peking, for the razing of the Taku forts and for the maintenance
of a line of communication between Peking and the sea.
SHANHAIKWAN SURRENDERED TO A BRITISH SHIP.
TIENTSIN, Oct. 1 (via Shanghai Oct. 4).— British official reports announce that
Shanhalkwan' surrendered to a British warship September 29. Three British
regiments will leave here October 2 to garrison Shanhaikwan and Chungtien
and take possession of the railroad. General Chaffee has left here for Peking.
The Russian and Belgian Ministers arrived here to-day. The German Minister
remains here. About 100 American troops are to stay In North China. The mis
sionaries will present a petition to "Washington to increase this number. The
public telegraph between Peking and Taku has been completed.
been defeated by Russians in Manchuria. The head office of the Chines© commis
sariat has been removed from Chingkiang, on the iang Strait, to Taku, and
the Viceroys have been ordered to establish branch offices between Hankow and
the province of Shensl.
A dispatch to the Dally Express from Hongkong reports a serious rising of
Triads in Canton, and the whole country to the south is said to be in a ferment.
The Hongkong correspondent of the Times, wiring "Wednesday, says: "A
thousand braves have left Canton to suppress a rebellion instigated by Triads
at Walchau.jln the Sauen district. There Is grave unrest in the two Kwang
provinces arid precaution^ have been taken at Kowloon."
And works off the cold. Laxative Bromo-Qul-
Dlne Tablets cure a. cold. la one day. Xo cure,
co ray. Fric« 25 cents. • •
Stops the Cough
Papeete the Beautiful.
Those who are fond of traveling (and who is
not) will hail with delight the news of a. direct
steamship route to Tahiti. This charming land
has until now been accessible only by slow
sailing vessels, but on November 1st the popu
lar steamship Australia will ' sail direct, mak
ing ; the trip in 10^4 days. A reduced round
trip rate has been made for the first "trip. Call
at 643 Market etreet for sailing list : .•-"-¦•
WIFE OF BTJDD DOBLE IS
GIVEN. ABSOLUTE DIVORCE
Granted a Legal Separation From the
Famous Driver and ; Trainer of
Fast Horses.
Special Dispatch toThe^ Cali."
XEW YORK, Oct. "4.— Marie Doble has
obtained a decree of absolute divorce from
Budd Doble, :the horse-rtTalner. The de
cree was granted by Justice Blschoft of
the Supreme Court. ..Mr. and Mrs. Dohle
were married -December - 8, 1898, at Mil
waukee. They resided 'for a time In Mex
ico and then moved ; to San Francisco.
Doble has since remained there, although
his wife came . East a ; year ago. It is
alleged he was intimate, with a woman
in San Francisco. Doble' had been mar
ried thro*, times. His first wife, a daugh
ter of "Lucky"- Baldwin, obtained a di
vorce from him. and the second wife died.
Doble was the well-known driver of Gold
smith Maid.
2
(CHAS. KE1LUS & CO,)
RELIABLE CLOTHES
....at.:;.
RELIABLE "PRICES.
exclusive ;
HIGIHiRADBi
CLOTHIERS
NOW ON SALE
STEIX-BLOCH CO.'S
IIACKETT, CARHART & CO.'S
' STYLISH CLOTHES-"*-
FOR THIS SEASON.
RF.ADY-TO-PUT-ON-
tiie-moment- v-v-
yo'u-Want-them. ';-.
AGENTS FOR
PARAGON PANTS.
132 KEARNV ST.
THURLOW BLOCK.
R Here are pictures of our $1.30 hats. As you see, they come in II
¦ two styles — Fedora and Derby, and likewise a third style the
¦ Graeco. The colors are popular — just what is being worn in the t.
M very expensive hats. You will find that these $1.30 hats will wear as
¦ well as five-sixths of the usual $2.00 hats on the market. Our prices
n are lower than those of the exclusive dealers — test this in wearing £
m one of these hats for
B We have iust opened a department for boys' hats and caps on v
M the second floor of our store. As the department is new. the stock «
m is new. £]
OU .... ¦¦¦¦ 1— —.—1. ii — -iii-iii— 1 1 i. 11.1 I. |£|
H Oui-of-town orders filled — write us. ¦ II
1 718 Market Street. 1Storm Hurls a ; .Tree on Track.
OAKLAND, Oct. 4.— The passengers on
Eighth-street electric car No. 124 experl
enced'some of the Inconveniences common
to tho days of stage coach traveling while
on their way uptown at 9 o'clock this
morning.
As the car was passing the McDermott
property at Eighth and Cypress streets
the gale which was blowing- toppled over
a gigantic poplar tree," which fell across
the track twenty feet ahead of the rap
idly approaching fender. Trolley and
guard wires fell to the ground and the
car crashed ! into the obstruction before
the motorman could control .It.
-The frightened passengers were obliged
to make their. exit into the pouring rain
and seek another conveyance. Traffic was
delayed on the line for several hours. *
Judges of the Four Departments
Make Selections for the En-
NEW TRIAL JURORS '.
FOR SUPERIOR COURT
suing Term.
OAKLAND, Oct. 4.— The Judges of the
Superior Court have selected the follow
ing' trial jurors for the ensuing term:
W. E. Blote, Thomas Cuff Sr., J. C.
Ewing, C. A. Brown, Marcus Jonas, Fred
Gatler, M. Hillyard, Louis Huffschmidt,
W. E. Wallace, Charles J. Heeseman.
Joseph McClain. M. J. Hooley, James C.
Gentry, W. F. Lemon, T. P. Strong, John
Harrington, > William Wales, P. Healey
Francis Kelly, Leo Selna, W. D. Kelly, J.
H. Carroll, John Williams, T. P. Stewart
John L. Davle, P. Cleary, H. J. Bell. G. S.
Burtchael,. P. J. Newmann, . James Clark,
J. Samuels, J.- Callaghan, George T. Leon,
George Segine, Lewis Kroll, John Mad
den, R. J. Dowllng, A. Davis, Richard
Fregc, all of Oakland; M. H. Garcia, San
Lorenzo: John E. King, Castro Valley
P. Consldine, Fruitvale; A. A. Barolean'
Ernest Lodtmann, John S. McMahan J
N. Greene, E. D. Judd. Alameda; Hugh
Dimond, Fruitvale; Rufus B. Page, San
Leandro; Henry A. Abrott, Sunol.
NATIVE CHRISTIANS
KILLED ON EROMANGA
Jtiowera Brings News of a Serious
¦ Uprising of Blacks on One of
the Islands of' the New
Hebrides Group.
Webber Nominated.
NAPA, Oct. 4.— The Republican County
Convention nominated E. L Webber for
the Assembly In the Eighteenth District.
Again Editor of Herald.
SAN JOSE. Oct. 4.-Senator Charles M.
Shortrldgc Is again editor of the San Jose
Herald. He assumed . charge this morn-
Ing, a month after turning the business
over to Its creditors. He is being backed
by local capitalists.
Special Di?ratch to The Call.
WATSONVILLE, Oct. 4.—Notwithstand
ing the inclement weather, a large and
enthusiastic audience heard Hon. S. M.
Shortrldge this evening. George G. Rad
cliff. the candidate for the Assembly, ad
dressed the audience for a few moments,
and then gave way to Mr. Shortridge.
The eloquent speaker was In fine voice
«ind expounded the principles of sound
monpy. protection artm] expansion In a
most thorough an" convincing manner.
The many arguments put forth by Bryan
and his followers were taken up by Mr.
Shortridge and their fallacies shown.
_^
Suspected of Murder.
STOCKTON. Oct. 4.—A Mexican an
swering the description of Antona Reyes,
wanted in Bakersfield for a murder com
mitted August 21. was arrested here to
day by Officer Dutschke. The man gave
the name of Frank Giron, but he an-
Ewers to a dot the description sent out
by Sheriff Bogwardt. There is $25 re
w?,, for tne arres t of the man. which
will go to Officer Dutcchke should the
prisoner provo to be the man wanted.
The man made no resistance and is now
In Jail here, pending the arrival of an
officer from Bakersfield. He declares he
is not the man wanted.
People Turn Out to Hear Him De
spite Inclement Weather.
SHORTKIDGE AT WATSONVIIXE.
Special Dlsptitch to The Call.
HEALDSBURG, Qft. 4.— Charles Brum
field and Ernest de Prate exchanged five
shots ct close range on West street at
11:43 o'clock yesterday forenoon, and did
no other damage than to break a plate
glass window and wound a dog. There
were many people on the street at the
time, and it Is remarkable that no one
was hit by the bullets. The cause of the
duel was a remark made by Mrs. de Prate
reflecting upon Brumfield. for which he
demanded an apology from her, husband.
After the shooting the two men patched
up their differences over a friendly glass
of beer.
Ten Shots Firsd at Close Range and
Only a Dog Wounded.
HEAI-DSBURG STREET DUEL.
Social Dispatch to The Call.
POMONA. Oct. 4.— Amid booming ol
cannon and a blaze of pyrotechnics and a
blare of cymbals the Republican campaign
'was opened in Pomona Valley this even-
Ing. There never was such a demonstra
tion here l>efore. The business streets
were crowded with people from all over
this locality. The mammoth tent where
James McLachlan, Republican candidate
for Congress in the Sixth District, spoke
was filled with men and women an hour
before the meeting opened, and when Mr.
McLachlan came forward to speak the
crowd of auditors bulged away out into
the adjacent streets. For an hour and a
half,JKr. McLachlan spoke upon what the
McKinley administration has done for
California. He devoted most of his time
to the prosperity among the orange grow
ers of Southern California.
James McLachlan Addresses a Large
Audience on National Issues.
CAMPAIGN OPENED AT POMONA.
Sam D. "Woods Discusses Campaign
Issues Before a Large Audience.
Special Dispatch to Th<* Call.
LINCOLN, Oct. 4.— The employes of the
Lincoln Pottery, the town people and
farmers in this neighborhood turned out
In force to-night to near Sam" D. Woods,
the Republican nominee for Congress in
this district, discuss campaign issues. Mr.
Woods spoke for over an hour, shewing a
remarkable familiarity with the industries
of ttiis locality and the application of tar
iff laws to the products of those Indus
tries. He made an eloquent anpeal to his
audience to vote to uphold the adminis
tration of President McKinley, under
which the country has so greatly pros
pered, and gave a history of the hard
times under the Democratic rule when
Cleveland was President. The meeting
was 'presided over by L. D. Adams atul
was enthusiastic throughout. Mr. Woods
leaves here in the morning for lone, In
Amador County, where he will speak to
morrow evening.
MASS MEETING AT LINCOLN.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
VICTORIA. B. C, Oct. 4.— The Mio
wera brings news from the South Seas of
a rising of the natives on the island of
Eromar.ga, one of the New Hebrides
group. The news was given to the Syd
ney newspapers by Rev. H. A. Robertson
of the Canadian Presbyterian Missionary
Society, who was visiting at Sydney, and
who hurried back to Eromanga on receipt
of the news.
He said that the native Christians had
been attacked on Eromanga by the blacks
and fifteen had been killed. The teachers
had taken refuge, when the letter in
which the news was given was written, in
caves, and so serious was the rising ac
counted that steps were being taken to
build a bullet-proof stockade around the
chief's premises at Dillons Bay, Ero
manga.
Saernsey. Kings Counts', vice B. F. Cross,
resigned.
Orepon— S. H. Phillips. Nestocton, Til
lamnok County, vice William Schlotter,
resigned; U. D. Warneck. Winslow. Wal
lowa County, vice Kannie Root, resigned.
Pensions granted: California— Original—
3<'org<? C. Knipht. Fresno, $6; Ferdinand
Kurkle. San Pedro. $6; James M. Gibbf.
La Junta, $<5; William W. Dolmas. San
Krancisco. $6. Increase — John Hogan. Sol
rljers' Home. lx)S Angeles, $8; Zachariah
Fralirk, Cuyamaea. $s.
Oregon: Original— Nathan Myers. Nan-
Befle, $12. Increase — James L. Clegg, Elk
r *5ty. $k. Original widow— Hattie C. Alle
baohe. Portland, $S.
Washington: Original— Charles A. Chess
man. Tacoma, J6; Henry Howell, Farm-
In jrt on. $12.
The Postofflce Department to-day noli
no<i Congressman Barham of the exten-
F.on of the rural free delivery service at
I etaluma, to go Into effect October 15.
- m
May Have Been Drowned.
SACRAMENTO. Oct. 4.— Thomas E. Oul-
Ichan. who had charge of the store of a
Fan Francisco or Oakland man named
Veller on Grand Island, disappeared yes
terday and It Is foared he has been
Si-owned . as there is no known cause for
his leaving so mysteriously. Veller haa
Deen notified to come and look after his
jroperty.
Interests the Coast.
Fr*-rial Dlrpatch to The Call.
WASHINGTON'. Oct. 4.— Postmasterb
cnirmisFloned: California— Annie Brin
ham. Jcrseydale; Mary A. Raaf, Reclama
tion.
Appointed: California — E. H. Hove,
' Brokers at Their Own Gams
and They Cry Fraud.
LOS ANGELES. Oct. 4.-\VaHpr G.
>CV wman. who. according to dispatches in
pome of the Eastern papers, is wanted in
New York City, and is alleged in those
reports to have left behind several worth
ies cheeks, is in this dty and. a guest at
the Van Nuys. He denies most emphati
cally that he is a fugitive from justice or
that he is in hiding or has attempted to
conceal himself in any manner.
He talked freely of his business affairs.
ar,d claimed that he just fimply beat
some stock brokers at their own game.
H" rfenies that he has done anything
criminal in any manner whatsoever. He
bought a mine for J25.000 near Salisbury,
N. <'.: spent JKjO/XjO on it In improvements
and developments, and then sold fitock on
a basis r.f gi.dOO.OOO to> such as wanted to
buy «tock. Mr. Newman will shortly re
turn to New York.
NEWKAN SAYS HE HAS
DONE NOTHING WBONG
Claims That He Simply Beat Stock
F«ieration of church"*— O<v)rge C. Adams,
Oorce B. Hatrh, H. M Tenny. L. D. I lath
tree. Charles It. Brown.
Auditing— J. H. Ham, J. H. Barnard.
Number of Interesting Papers Read
and List of Committees
Announced.
Fp^cial Dispatch to The Call.
CLOVERDALE. Oct. 4.— The session of
the CongT<rgationa!ist convention here to
day was marked by increased attendance.
A number of interesting papers were read
and the following committees appointed:
Provi5K>r.aI — ("harles S. Xa«h W. H. Atkin
son. William Rader W. M. Seartoy H E.
•>»ett, K. D. Hall, J. H. CJ^odell.
Statistics- 11. E. Jewett, E. D Hale.
Narrator-J. H. Cornell.
Publication— H. K. Jewett. H. E. Eanham.
Chrirtlan Kr.Vavor- Miles B. Fisher. Georgre
& Littl^fi^Id C C Cr&sin.
Funrtay Kfeoot— F. H. Maar. E. J. Sieger.
Mi** Graf* Barnard.
Terr.r>frar.f<:— H. M. Tenny, W. R. Hair, J.
A. Milliean.
Visitors Var-'P.f TheoloKical Seminary — F. B.
Chprinstrm. Kward Coleman, E. D. Hale. S.
C. Patterson. G«?orcS W. Rickie.
Interdenominational comity— J. K. McLean,
It. H. Pink, Thomas Addison.
On Car-en plan- R F. Parent, George C
Acatns. E. W. BtoMard, H. F. Buntes?. W.
It rmsf, G. A. .Jn«j*r, E. P. TVmge, L. I).
CONGREGATIONALISTS IN
SESSION AT CLOVERDALE
Solomon oame to Skaguay in February.
2W 1 . and has been store keeping ever
F'.m-e. The fire caught in a back room of
the Ftor*\ whfre a pot of tar was boiling
<>n the stove. Solomon tried to extinguish
Cbc flames with a blanket, hut was evi
«Vntly overcome by the fumrs of the
burning tar. His jartn^r, J. Beveridge.
ran out when the flames first burst into
view and forgot all about the older man.
He died late the same night, never recov
ering consciousness.
FORMER SAN FRANCISCAN
IS BURNED AT SKAGUAY
Jacob Solomon Meets Death in a Fire
Which Destroyed His
Store. v
Special Dispatch to The Call.
VANCOUVER. B. C. Oct. 4.— The
steamer Dolphin arrived to-night from
Fkapuay with 150 passengors and $100.
000 of gold dust aboard. Her Dawson
ra.=5enpers pay that the Yukon River is
higher this year than last and the freight
blockade at White Horse jvill be com
pletely relieved by the landing of all*
p<>ods in Dawson. The Dolphin brought
Demi of the death by fire at Skaguay on j
Sunday afternoon of Jacob Solomon, for- ;
rr;«-r!y a iri'rcham of San Francisco, lie
was a CJerinan Jew. 45 years of age. and
lived in San Frar.cipco for twenty years.
He leaves a wid<m\ Mrs. Ad* Solomon,
and two little boys, who reside at 1S3S j
Sutter street. San Francisco.
PLEADS GTJTI/TY TO
MURDER OF CHIEF MAIN
Hib. Luck Does Not Care to Stand
the Ordeal of a Trial and
Implicates qthers.
VANCOUVER, B. C. Oct. 4.-HIh Luck.
th<f highbinder accused of the murder of
Chief of Police Main of Steveston.
pleaded guilty to-day and also implicated
two other Chinese In the crime. The pris
oner was unrepresented by counsel and
the presiding Judge did not v/lsh at first
to accept the plea of guiltv in such a
serious case. He had the interpreter ex
plain to the Chlnamart when white men
were tried for murder It was usual for
them to plead not guilty, the conse
quences being so serious. This was all
explained to the prisoner, who only re
plied: "I can onlv plead guilty; the throe
of ua killed Main."
The Crown prosecutor asked that the
plea of guilty be accepted, lie will be
sentenced to-morrow.
* Brings Gold From Nome.
SEATTLE, Oct. 4.—The steamer Santa
Ana, with about 267 passengers and from
$500,000 to $600,000 in Klondike and Nome
gold, arrived to-day. One Klondike ship
ment of 32,000 ounces, owned by "a. Daw
son bank, came under an assignment to
the Seattle assay office. The Nome treas
ure, estimated at $200,000, contained a $13,
000 shipment, owned by Miner Olsen a
Kougarok Creek operator, and several
sacks from the Golovm Bay camp, " the
creeks of which, notabiy Elkhorn Mels
lng and Ophlr, are reported to be yield
ing well. The Lane, Aloha and Robert
Dollar were at Nome when the Santa Ana
sailed, all having more or less trouble dis
charging, owing to a scarcity of lighters
Fire Chiefs Elect Officers.
SPOKANE. Oct. 4.— The Pacific Asso
ciation of Fire Chiefs" adjourned to-day
after electing the following officers: Pres
ident, Jesse C. Poyns, Tacoma; treasurer
Thomas Deasy, Victoria; secretary, Harrv
AV. Bringhurst. Seattle: vice presidents,
A. H. Myers of Spokane. James Smart of
Calgary, J. II. Carlisle of Vancouver. B.
C, J. E. Buchanan of Winnipeg. Man
itoba, Frank Lowe of Skaguay, Alaska,
W. J. Brew of Pocatello, Idaho, .E. W.
¦\Vallin of Missoula. Mont., David Camp
bell of Portland, J. T. Sullivan of San
Francisco and James Devine of Salt Lake
Utah. .
Valencia's Injuries Prov« Fatal.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SANTA CRUZ, Oct. 4.— John Valencia,
who was Injured In 'the explosion at the
California Powder Works yesterday, died
at 11:30 o'clock last night, living eleven
hours in awful agon}'. He 'was a mem
ber of one of the oldest native California
families, being a native of Valencia, a
place named from his parents. He was
33 years of age and leaves a /widow and
two children. The funeral will be held
from the Catholic church to-morrow aft
ernoon.
Reception to Drs. Gray and Case.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
PACIFIC GROVE. Oct. 4.— The congre
gation of the M. E. church of this city
gave a reception last night to Dr. W. C.
Gray, who has Just been reappointed to
this jpastorate for another year, and to
Dr. W. W. Case, presiding elder of the
San Francisco district of the California
Conference.
SANTA CRUZ, Oct. 4.— The residents at the
lower end of the county along the Santa Cruz
road to a point near Aptos are circulating a
petition* for rural free deliver}'.
SEATTLE Oct 4.-The army transport
Ocpack. which sailed for Manila Wednesday
nisht, was towed back to this port this n-orn-
Ing, having burst a cylinder when six miles
out. Repairs will occupy about two weeks.
SUISUN, Oct. 4.— In the Superior Court here
to-day Frank Crane pleaded guilty to burglary
ir. the*perond degree and was sentenced by
Judge Buckles to three years at Folsom. The
offense consisted of stealing watches from a
residence in Vallejo. \
STOCKTON, Oct. 4.— Jlmmle Whalen the
crack pitcher cf the Stockton ball team, was
Etricken with appendicitis to-day and will be
operated on to-morrow. Whalen's physician
states that his condition is serious. Whalen
will be unable to pitch again this season.
SAN JOSE, Oct. 4.— Noah Weslelewskl who?
smuggled saws and files into the County' Jail
was to-day' held to answer for aiding an at
tempted jail break. His bond was fixed at
IjOOO. Wesielewski had Just completed a term
In prison ani he hoped to free Brown and Wal
ters. The Jailer found a bar filed through and
¦\Valters confessed.
SACRAMEXTO. Oct. 4.— Jesse Adams, who
on Monday escaped from the military prison
on Alcatraz Island, where he was serving a
life sentence icr the murder of a comrade
named Itist in the Philippine Islands over a
year agro, was arrested here this afternoon by
Detective Fitzgerald. He declines to tell the
story of his escape.
I-OS ANGELES, Oct. 4.— The strike of the
Los Angeles electrical workers is still on, and
thus far the companies have shown no dispo
sition to yield a point to the strikers, whqse
ranks were increased to-day by eighteen men.
Telegrams were received to-day from all sec
tions o?', the country offering financial assist-
STOCKTON'. Oct. 4.— Ground was broken to
day for an Immense brickette factory to be
built by the San Francisco and San Joaquin
Coal Company on the water front. It will have
a capacity of 500 tons every twenty-four hours
whfn completed. The machinery, which is very
heavy, has arrived from the East arid the ylant
is expected to be in operation by January 1.
A large force of men will bo employed. The
brlckettes will be made from, coal dust, screen
ings and petroleum. • - •
PORTLAND, Oct. 4.— A special to the Tele
gram from Astoria, Or., says: The British
ship Genista, which has been delayed here by
an action on the part of John Grant, a sailor
boarding-house keeper, for $10,000 damages for
alleged criminal libel against Captain Ilearn
of the Genista, put to sea early this 'morning
with the captain on board, he having eluded
the officers who were searching for him. It
is said that Captain Hearn left Portland yes
terday for Grays Harbor, and. coming down the
roast overland, boarded his sbfp just Inside the
heads.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
VENTURA, Oct. 4.— The elements were
greatly in evidence here to-day and they
dampened the ardor of multitudes of peo
ple who were in attendance at the street
fair festivities. It rained steadily for four
hours, causing what promised to be a
magnificent ribbon parade to be postponed
until Saturday. Then the burning of the
Ventura Steam Laundry, with $5000 loss,
created a stir. At this time Grand Mar
shal C. L. Bard was endeavoring to or
ganize the parade. The laundry is located
one block from Alain street. It is sur
rounded by many of the finest residences
in the city. The crowds rushed to the
scene of the fire, preventing the firemen
from doing effective work at first. Over
fifty aids were detailed to maintain order.
The Chinese fire department rendered val
uable assistance at the tire. Their ap
pearance was a novelty to many visitors
to this city. In this fire three laundry
operators narrowly escaped burning to
death.
The explosion of a gasoline tank at
tached to an ironer caused the lire. B.
J. Mnnzo was operating the machine. The
tank exploded and the clothing of Mr.
and Mrs. Manzo and Miss Arrellanes
caught fire. The arms and body of Manzo
were severely burned. Mrs. Manzo was
carried home on a stretcher. C. T. Covell
will sustain a loss of $30</> on machinery.
Insurance $1200.
Mrs. Dr. Stephen Bowers of Los An
geles owned the building. No insurance;
loss $1500. Shirts, collars, cuffs and other
clothes were all destroyed. Loss $1000.
The ribbon parade will take place Satur
day, weather permitting. The baby coach
parade will be held Saturday morning
The baby show will be held in Armory
Hall to-morrow morning. There were no
races to-day. It Is estimated that over
10.000 people were in this city to-day Some
300 people, came in on a special train from
Santa Barbara. Twelve hundred tickets
were sold in that city and the railroad
will honor them Saturday.
The Los Angeles Chamber of Commerce
will arrive Saturday morning on a special
train The Santa Barbara and Los An
geles Elks will attend the Mardi Gras fes
tivities Saturday night. A vaudeville show
was given before Queen Bertha this after
noon.
COAST NEWS IN- BRIEF.
FESTIVAL SPOILED
BY FIRE AND WATER
Downpour of Rain and the Burning
of a Laundry Causa, Ribbon
Parade at Ventttwto Be
Postponed.
Zumwalt is 62 years of age and his wif«
was CO. He may still be tried for the
other two murders.
AGED ISAIAIf ZUMWALT,
WHO HAS BEEN CONVICTED
OF MURDER. -
GRAPES ARE
DAMAGED BY
EARLY RAINS
Raisin Trays Were Stacked
in, Advance, but Sun
shine Is Needed.
In Sections Wh-sre Brush and Forest
Fires Have Been Raging the
Storm Proves a
Blessing.
• ,
STOCKTON, Oct. 4.— Vineyardlsts de
clare that the rain of the past two days
will have the effect of damaging table
grapes, such as Tokays and Muscats,
making it necessary to use them for wine.
Rain has been falling ever since early
this forenoon, with prospects of a con
tinued downpour.
FRESNO, Oct. 4.— Light showers to
night. No immediate damage to raisins,
as they are all stacked,' but they must
have sunshine very, soon or they will
mold.
SAN JOSE, Oct. 4.— The rain which
came up shortly befqre noon to-day grew
quite heavy by the middle of the after
noon, though the clouds cleared away be
fore dark. The effect on prunes and
grapes depends largely upon the weather
conditions that follow in the next few
days. Some damage has probably been
done to both grapes and prunes, but it is
not believed any serious loss will be suf
fered. The precipitation to-day was .42
of an intfli. yesterday. .23. , .
SANTA CRUZ, Oct." 4.— There has been
heavy rain to-day/ accompanied by wind.
The bay has been very rough, and the
fishermen were compelled to land their
boats. At noon for nearly a half hour
there was a heavy downpour, which was
extraordinary for this season. It will do
considerable damage to the ripe grapes on
the vines.
PACIFIC GROVE, Oct. 4.— Nearly an
inch of rain fell here between noon and 5
p. m. to-day. Advices from surrounding
districts show that the rain was general
throughout this section, though not uni
formly heavy. Ranchers fear consider
able damage to ungathered crops, espe
cially prunes, almonds and beans.
SUISUN, Oct. 4.— A heavy rain fell this
morning. It has had the effect of extin
guishing fires in the hills.
D1XON. Oct. 4.— Light showers are fall
ing and there are indications of a heavy
downpour of welcome rain. The farmers
prepared for it. Some raisins are still out
drying, but there will be little if any loss,
as help is plentiful and the trays are be
ing rapidly put under shelter.
• REDDING, Oct. 4.— This city was to
day tho center of a terrific downpour of
rain. All afternoon the water came down
in sheets. As yet no damage is reported.
If the storm continues outlying creeks
will be impassable, cutting off stage traf
llc in all directions. Fully two Inches of
rain foil inside of six hours.
PENNGROVE. Oct. 4.— A heavy rain
has been falling almost continually in this
locality since an early hour last evening,
and at a late hour to-night shows no sign
of abating. Shortly after 8 o'clock this
morning a small cloudburst of short dura
tion was experienced here. Only slight
damage has been done and untold good
will result. Pasturage and summer fal
low ground have been benefited greatly.
WOODLAND. Oct. 4.— Up to 8 o'clock
this morning the rainfall amounted to .31
of an inch, but there have been some heavy
showers to-day and there are strong in
dications of more. The first rain last sea
son fell on October 13. I*arge quantities !
of raisin grapes are still out, but the
trays have either been stacked or put in
drying-hous«*s and the damage will not
be serious If the weather soon clears up.
The prevailing opinion is that the wine
grapes will not be materially injured.
Passengers and Crew, Numbering
One Hundred and Fifty Per
sons, Manage to Save
Their Lives.
VANCOUVER, B. C. Oct. 4. - The
steamer Miowera. from Sydney this even
ing, brings news of the wreck of the
Japanese mail boat Futami Maru. which
struck on a rock on llindora Island in
a pale and became a total loss, having
broken in two. The loss of the ship and
targo are placed at (1^09,000. The pas
sengers and crew, numbering: 150. were
paved.
The r-'ague has broken out again at
Towr.svil'.e, New South Wales. Five cases
are reported, with two fatalities.
It if announced that the tender for the
construction of the Pacific cable has been
awarded to thf Telegraph Construction
and Maintenance Company, limited, which
offered to lay the cable for $9,500,000 and
to finish the construction of the cable
¦within eighteen months. The Government
is delighted at the contract price, which
is less than was estimated.
A big colliery strike is in progress at
Newcastle. Four collieries are idle as a
result of a dispute between the managers
and the miners, and 1100 men are Idle. The
disputes are over mining regulations
Plainly.
Five men perished in the snowfields of
Mount Arrowsrulth. Tasmania, on Au
gust 2«. where ten days earlier another
man had perished in the snow. The cold
was so intense that a rescue party almost
Fhared the same fate, the cold affecting
the men so badly that blood oozed from
their hands and faces.
A Ftory comes from Los Negros con
cerning the wreck of the bark Almond, a
trading: vessel, and the murder of the
captain, two mates, three white sailors
and fifteen natives. She ran ashore on a
eoral reef and was quickly surrounded by
hundreds of savages. The captain, of
ficers and crc-w were then beaten to death
with clubs. The decks was literally run
ning with the blood of the unfortunate
victims, and the fierce savages then car
ried from i he wreck everything movable.
R. Lyr.e was the murdered skipper. The
first and second officers were John Gar
land and Peter Mullen.
Futami Maru Strikes the
Island and Is a Total
Loss.
JAPANESE MAIL
STEAMER LOST
ON MINDORA
ZUMWALT IS FOUND
GUILTY OF MURDER
Jury at Plaeerville Convicts Him of
Having Killed His Son.
Two Other Charges Upon
Which He May Be
PLACERVILLE. Oct. 4.— The Jury In
the Zumwalt murder case at 12:35 a, m.
returned a verdict against the def^idant
of murder in the first degree. .
Isaiah Zumwalt is accused of having
murdered his wife, his son George and his
grandchild at the house of his son at Dia
mond Springs on June 7. When arrested
he feigned Insanity, but experts pro
nounced him sane.
No satisfactory motive for the crime has
ever been discovered. The prisoner and
his wife had quarreled frequently and she
finally left him, took up her abode with
her son George and tiled suit for divorce.
The night the crime was committed the
elder Zumwalt went to his son's house
with a loaded rifle. Gcorse met him at
the door and Isaiah raised his rifle and
tired. The bullet struck George in the
breast and he fell dead. A second bullet
struck Mrs. Julia/ Zumwalt in the head,
killing her instantly. George's wife then
picked up their infant child and rushed
from the house. As she was passing out
of the door the murderer flred at her.
The bulW passed through the body of the
child and slightly injured its mother.
Zumwnlt then barricaded himself in the
hoi]<=»> and with rifle and revolver defied
the officers to take him. He was finally
prevailed upon, however, to leave the
house and submit to arrest.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, OCTOBER 5, 1900.
3
ADVERTISEMENTS.
8N\V00PfrfQ
. i|\ Our readfmade
J&L Unioiwnade suits
./jfJgDhlK- $ 10.00
A him h\wl InniJ wi Hil 1 IK erable time and study in order to
ffWl ff| (I H wMffll \ trin § out a suit for > IO -°° that wil1
Iri WM i \\\ I i \wWM wear wen enough to please the
||®ll|'j fiffj !,^|^®| 'I'lF We think that we have SUC "
¥^%^m ceeded. Pictured here is a round-
1 l|?ll - TWpt^i II Wk W' cornered sack suit— stylish, swell
mm ; 'i I IH W I ' mm and thorou § hl y u P- to - date - u is
Sw> ii'fl Si 1 to mil made in our own factory by union
liiiiiiilfi I Wr iab ° r - As y ° u kn ° w> the union
\m§ j I fffiPiiilii I ill label in the suit stamps the work *
III lif'f will 5 ii manship as the best in America.
iiii' 1 if llllSi'i You can gst the suit in single-or
III, II lh|ll|8 double-breasted style in all the
• '||i fl PlPI if usual cloths. You will find vari-
H . . M lilfil fj our patterns, including the new
SSI' ill lilil I gr e en, oxford, tan and chocolate.
Pf|: : || ISBnll ou get a swell-made « ready ~*
m 1||| I liliii I made, union-made suit for
ill wf " ' ten dollars.
IS | f iHfi'li Money returned on any ¦ suit
II ! I vi"' h$S1 !J • that is not satisfactory. AH neces-
I Si ' iH 9 sary re P a * r i n £ done free for one
*^v|| fjjf -— ct^s^ Wn year. This ought to convey to
§||^ H jl§|§§§§§^ 1m1 customers the faith we have in
¦ Overcoats
We are also showing an immense line of ten-dollar overcoats, which
are products of our own workshop. They constitute tan coverts, black and
blue cheviots, blue kerseys, oxford grays, etc. The season even now suggests
your buying a new overcoat.
y Remember that we are wholesale manufacturers, employ only union
ihbor, and in buying direct from us you save money and save enough so
that you can see the saving yourself. \
DUY^ wUJLlllllJl
. We want every mother to visit our new, enlarged department devoted
to boys' clothes, boys' furnishings and boys' hats. The best way we know of
to get them to come is to give gocd values like these. Remember that the
department is filled with a brand new fall stock.
Jfefefv g^y» which is very popular ; ' f^L^ > '"'
Out-of-town orders filled — write for illustrated catalogue.
718 !Vl8i*kct *LOS ANGELES, Oct. 4.-Charles Alex
ander Montry, one of the earliest of Call-
Death of Benjamin B. Campbell.
SANTA BARBARA. Oct. 4.— Benjamin
B. Campbell, a well-known attorney of
Pittsburg. Pa., died last evening, aged 73
years. "Judge" Campbell sunk the first
oil well ever put down In the United
States. A daughter. Mrs. Margaret De
land, the authoress, survives him.
• Bonne Terre/ Mo., although containing
a .population of 5000, is not, "properly
speaking a* city or town. 'It is merely an
aggregation of streets, : houses and folks.
There is no Mayor, no Assembly, no Com
missioners of this ' or that." ; The township
authorities look to the peace of the com
munity and transact : all other necessary
public business. Bonne • Terre is a busi
ness enterprise, managed on purely busi
ness • principles, i All. , the land is . owned
by a mining company, which leases build
ing -5 lots -- for, long terms. The . company
thus keeps 1 control' of all the, public in
terests of the place, the result being that
the town is thriving, contented and up to
date.— Chicago. Chronicle/,
A Queer Kind of Town.
NAPA, Oct. 4:— Will' Harlan, whq has
been practicing osteopathy at Napa' and
•Vallcjo. was arrested and' taken to Santa
Cruz this morning" by Sheriff Milton Beswe
Miss Floyd Ferlnin charges him with
threatening* to- kill her. For some tims
past Harlan' has been forcing his "atten
tions upon Miss -Ferinin.' whom he metiin
Colorado. In spite of protests he has fol
lowed the lady, from 1 place to- place.' •
Too Ardent a Wooer.
STANFORD UNIVERSITY. Oct. 4.-At
a meeting of the students' executive com
mittee held to-day an amendment to the
student body constitution was proposed
which will bar all students from voting
in student elections who have not paid
their assessment of $1. While the pro
posed change may meet with vigorous op
position it seems to be .the only method
of collecting the money, necessary to" carry
on the business of the associated students.
The matter will be voted upon at a special
meeting to be held next week.
Must Pay Assessments.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Tho cost of the slave ship— the amount
of capital required— is an Important mat
tre. The story of the Baltimore schooner
Napoleon is remarkable from- this point
of view. She measured but ninety tons.
She made . a number of successful voy
ages—but the facts ih one will suffice.
In 1833 she took on a cargo composed of
young negroes of the Kassoos, the Fl.and
Sherbro - Bullons nations— fierce young
lighters, everyone. Of these she landed
350. They cost $16 each, and sold for $3600
each; With all expenses . out, Including
a present of $5000 to her surgeon,
Richard Drake, whoso knowledge of the
coast about Matanzas enabled her to
dodge a British cruiser, she cleared more
than $100,000. And yet $5000 would have
been considered an enormous price for
a little schooner like that In those days.
In each voyage she paid, about $20 net
profit -on each dollar of the cost of con
struction.— Scrlbner's. ; ; .. .
Profits in the Slave Trade.
W. A. M. Van Bokkelen. one of the ex
pert accountants retained by the city to
"If the request for a Jury had been
mnde at anv time hefore the trial." said
the court. "I probably would have grant
ed it. but the case must go on to-day. It
would bo extrome-ly difficult to secure a
jury to sit In this case, and under all the
circumstances I deem It proper to refuse
the city's motion for a Jury trial. I am
here for the purpose of trying this case
fairly and Impartially, and I think my
record wil.1 bear me out in saying that
I have always decided all cases submitted
to me in accordance with the law and
evidence. I have been selected by Judge
Ogden to sit In this case because I am
not tainted with any prejudice that Is
claimed to prevail here In relation to this
case. I propose to try the action honestlv
and fairly."
The first witness called was J. II. T
\\ ntkinson. president of the Contra
Costa Water Company. The first ques
tion put to him was In -relation to the
property owned by the water company.
It was met with a. strong objection from
Attorney Hayne. who held lhat Watkin
son had no right to testify in regard to
the company's holdings, as the city had
attempted to examine the corporation's
property accounts and was refused the
privilege by the water, company officials.
Attorney McCutcheon claimed that
there was no showing before the court
that the city had been denied. an oppor
tunity to Inspect the books, and Attorney
Hayne offered to prove by witnesses that
the city was refused the right to see the
accounts.
After considerable argument Judge Hart
decided that tht city had a right to dis
place President Watkinson with one of
its own witnesses. .
opposing so strenuously my request for a
jury?"
This remark aroused Judge Hart, who
at once called a halt in the argument.
Apparently taking Mr. Hayne's closing
remark to himself, the court said:
"Mr. Moore has no concealed reason- so
far as I am concerned. I have no special
reasons except those of law for refusing a
Jury In this case. I am here to try this
action by the law and the evidence, and
I object to these insinuations of counsel
in relation to myself."
"I intended no Insinuations, your
Honor," replied Attorney Hayne.
"That may he," answered Judge Hart,
"but you continually appeal to my dis
cretion in the interests of justice. This
certainly conveys an inference that is un
warranted and unprovoked." .
This practically concluded the argu
ment on the motion for a jury and Judge
Hart immediately denied the city's re
quest.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
1118 Broadway, Oct. 4.
JUDGE E. C. HART is determined
to try the water rate suit, despite
whatever objections, legal or other
wise, may 1m? brought to bear
against him. His path from the
time he was lnvlt««d to preside has not
been of t v »«* smoothest, but notwithstand
ing the many points raised against him
the Judge from the capital city remains
firm in his intention to sit in the case or
compel Ptrongtr. objections to be .raised
than tho?e already made against him.
Judge Hart had occasion this morning
.to show his determination to remain in
the case, come what may.
As soon as the cape wan called this
morning Judge Hayne asked that certain
special issues be submitted to a jury- He
feaid:
"There are Questions involving alleged
fraud and good faith, and they should be
submitted to a jury. 'In. making this re
quest we mean no ret'.cciion upon your
Honor, but we simply ask that questions
of fact be submitted to a jury while. the
court passes upon the law."
Attorney Iiayne's re quest was lmme
diately opposed by Attorney E. J. Mc-
Cutchwja, for the water company, who
eald he considered It rather strange that
m. jury should be* asked for at such a late
stage' of the suit. He said there was no
Jury present and a great deal of valuable
time would be lost in securing one. Mr.
STeCuteheon «ald:
'The verdict of a jury In a case, like
this would be simply advisory and would
be practically valueleps. A question of
fraud is simply a question of law. The
point at Issue Involves the consolidation
of the Contra Costa and Oakland water
companies, and this is but a point of
law."
Judge Hayne. in reply, argued that his
motion for a jury was proper. Mr.
Hayne nald If this was an argument
against calling a Jury it could be urged
in any equity case.
Here Mr. McOutoheon raised the further
point lhat any jurymen summoned from
the city of Oakland or Its suburbs would
be disqualified, because they were water
rate pavers.
Attorney A. A. Moore uphrld Mr. Mc-
Out«-heon !n his contention that Mr.
HayrK'p reqiieFt for a jury came too late.
In closing his argument on his motion
for a . 1 ury Attorney Hayne remarked that
the attorneys for the Contra Costa Water
Ci-.mpany apparently had some secret rea
son for Opposing a jury. .^- ¦•
"I might ask Mr. Moore." he said, "if
he bas not. come dark, hidden reason for
HRef-uises .^ttcxri^ey 3r3IeL^7-n.o's Motion for
examine, If possible, the books of the
water company, was then called. The
Witness stated that on August 6 at At
torney McCutcheon's office, he made a
demand upon President J. H. T. Watkln
son. Vice President \V. J. Dingee and
Secretary Walter Beattle of the water
company to see the books, for the Inspec
tion of which he had secured an order of
court.* • ¦: .
"Mr. Watkinson told . me," testified Van
Bokkelen. "that the water company had
purchased no property for a year and
that all records previous to that time had
been destroyed. He told me that if I
wanted to see what the company owned
to look at the large map then hanging on
the wall in his office. I asked to see the
accounts of the corporation, but was de
nied that privilege on the , ground that
what books they had were not books of
account.
The company's map book was produced
in court and Attorney Hayne wanted
Judge Hart to examine' it. To this At
torney McCutcheon objected unless the
book was placed in evidence. Mr. Hayne
.objected to the book as evidence but the
court admitted it. Judge .Hart will ex
amine its contents, to-morrow.
The case .was continued until to-morrow
morning at 10 o'clock.
* Many curious and interesting complica
tions growing out of the Hoboken water
front conflagration are doming up for ad
justment. For example, a bargeload of
prain was purchased by a Produce Ex
change operator for shipment to Europe
by one of the steamers of the North Ger
man Lloyd. The barge was loaded an I
was started for Hobokt-n In tow of a tus.
There the record ends. Up to the present
time no trace of barge, grain or tug, or of
any one employed on either craft, has
come to light. Vessels and cargo were
covered by the policies of insurance usual
under the circumstances, but the proof of
loss needed to establish a claim against
the underwriters is not forthcoming. It
is not known that either narge or tug ever
reached Hoboken. though it is assumed
that they ' made the run safely and tied
up to one of the burned wnarves, but the
total absence of proof Is extremely em
barrassing. The last of the authenticated
record ends with the starting of the bargo
for Hoboken. The fact that it cannjt be
traced, even to the steamer wharf. owln<
to the probable extermination i of crafl,
crew and dock records, raises questions
which will probably have to be adjusted
by the courts on broad principles of equi
ty.—New York "Tlmeu.
An Insurance Problem.
JUDGE HART INSISTS ON TRYING THE
SUIT OVER OAKLAND WATER RATES
These are the questions asked;
1. About what per cent of workln^men dj
not attend church?
2. Are their reasons indifference, hostility,
unbelief or what?
S. How far are churches, pastors and mem
bers to blame?
4. Is there mtmnderstandlng and prejudice
on both sides? Why? J
5. What remedy do you suss»st that tha
men and the church may "pet together*"
6. If wider plans were adopted would the
iren help to make the church better and more
useful?
7. Why are ther« more women than men in
church? --"V,,.
fornia oil operators, died to-day at th«
California Hospital, from Blight's dis
ease. He was 54 years old.
' n? ac i t f0 , r t he P reven *lon of cruelty to
wild animals has just become effective in
England. The new law extends the pro
visions of the act. which has heretofore
applied to domestic animals, to all bird*
fishes and reptiles not Included in tha-'
measure, and makes offenders liable to
three months' Imprisonment or a fine
Of £.0.
:
THE REV'. mriGHT K. POT
TER. WHO IS QUESTIONING
WORKINGMEN ON CHURCH
GOING.
NORTH -YAKIMA, Wash., Oct. 4.—Sher
iff Tucker yesterday, after a fifty-mile
chase captured Carey. Harlow; ". who i ad
mitB that he helped to rob the' parties on
a .freight train the night that W. W.
Scott; of Kiona was. murdered: :• He saw
Scott; killed and has given a description
of the murderer. -Officers believe the In
formation, given , by Harlow'wlll lead to
his capture. ¦
Robber Captured.
PORTLAND. Or., , Oct. 4.— Walter J.
Finn, who absconded from New York in
October, -1S96.; with $1100 belonging.' to the
American Express Company, in whose
employ he was at -that - time, was cap
tured by Pinkerton men from thai Port
land agency of that service last Saturday
at Burton City, B.C., where he was
working in a mining camp. Finn has
waived extradition and le now on his way
to New York In charge'of an officer. "
Finn 'Arrested.
MONTEREY, Oct. 4.— A Chinese baby,
the child of one of the" head gardeners
at Del Monte, died yesterday from opium
poisoning. The baby was badly scalded
two days ago with boiling water- and
though his burns were very severe they
were not • necessarily fatal. The mother,
however, thinking to ease the child's suf
fering, applied opium to the burns, there
by Inducing a sleep from which he never
wakened. Considerable feeling is mani
fested here over the occurrence, and there
is some talk of legal proceedings in the
case.
Child Poisoned.
In the men's handicap, where there were
twenty-four entries, tho following were
the results:
First. A. B. Lambert of Paris, 73; sec
ond, P. Deschamps of Paris, 75; third.
Lord of Dunard. 81; fourth, G. Thome of
Weston-super-Mare," 84, and Mackenzie
Turpie of Scotland. S4, and fifth, AV.B.
Dove of England, 85.
First. Miss Abbott of Chicago, 47: sec
ond, Miss P. Whittier of Saint Moritz, 49;
third, Mrs. Huger Pratt of Dunard. 63,
and Mme. Froment Maurice of Com
piegne, 53; fourth. Miss Ridgway of D'Ku
vllle, 57, and fifth, Mme. Fournier-Sar
lovez of Compiegne, 64. . ;
PARIS, Oct. 4.— The international polf
competition at Compiegne, in connection
with the Paris Exposition, was concluded
to-day. In the ladies', championship, where
there were ten entries, the results were as
follows:
American Lady Wins at Golf.
James Hughes went into partnership
with Al Connors in the saloon at Kighth
and Folsom streets about four months
apo. According to Connors, Hughes sold
out his share to him some weeks since
and left for parts unknown. Hughes was
characterized as a heavy drinker by Con
nors, who professes to know but little of
himbeyond ahusiness acquaintance.
The local police ridicule the story and
state that there is absolutely no reason
for believing such a murder to have been
committed. The Hawaiian police have
not as yet communicated with the San
Francisco department.
VICTORIA, B. C, Oct. 4.— Ravlnp about
a murder committed in Golden Gate Park
in the middle of September, in which he
had assisted several men to kill a San
Franciscan named O'Brien, James
Hughes, a stowaway found on the trans
port Thomas soon after leaving San Fran
cisco, wan landed on September 25 at Ho
nolulu and turned over to the care of the
police. Hughes was afflicted with delir
ium trernena on the steamer, and when he
raved of murder, which he said was com
mjtted by him and others in Golden Gate
Park', the officers of the vessel became
suspicious and put him in irons. He will
be held at Honolulu until word is re
ceived from the' police at San Francisco.
Hughes, after a day in . the Honolulu
jail, denied that , he had anything to do
with the murder of which he raved while
on the sea. He says he conducted a sa
loon with Al Connors at Eighth and Fol
som streets. San Francisco, and formerly
had a grocery at Natoma street and Har
rison court.
Helped Kill a Man Named
. O'Brien Last Month.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
James Hughes t>f This City Said Ha
i STOWAWAY RAYED OF
/ MURDER IN THE PARK
NCMEROL'S have been the escapes . from ;AIcatraz 4"
Island. and in each a certain amount of courage, •{•
coupled with the ingenuity which constant con-. ••}•,
temptation of long years of confinement develops, 4*
has been evident. **
To the man who succeeded ih beinpr carried from the II
island as freifirbt the prisoners remaining: take-off their ••
Prisoner A. Adams, who in his capacity as gardener had **
ample opportunity to make aM arrangements, secured a box II
marked "Hospital. Presidio," and left it in the freight shed. 31
Collins into Ills confidence a fellow prisoner he made ••
known his plans, which were that he would stow himself ••
In the box and depend on his comrade to securely nail* on ••
the cover. **.
- -Though the men are closely watched .opportunity was T
not lacking, and as. a result the steamer McDowell carried X
to tho Presidio wharf a box marked "Handle with care" •!•
and addressed to the hospital. As is his custom, "Wharf-
Inger McBrlde telephoned upon the arrival of the steamer *i*
that a box was on »h? wharf for the hospital, and. he was "
told It would be called for in the morning. "i*
He was considerably surprised on opening the '
shrd the next morning to find the box smashed to pieces *$*
and no trace of the contents. All that remained to furnish ?„
a clew to the cause of such a peculiar circumstance A.
vas a short bar of iron. jf
Shortly after, the discovery tho report of an escape was J.
received from Alcatraz. ar.d It gradually dawned upon »
the officers and men that the box containing, as they sup- «
posed, delicate surprical instruments, was filled with human 3.
freight and that the short iron bar had been held In the X
hands of a man willing to take any chance to regain his T
liberty, and he had succeeded. ' Y
THK volunteers discharged from the service at the
Proslrfin hereafter will receive ample protection
from the hordes of gTafters who have of late been
mnkirg the reservation their headquarters and who
have succ'-edc-d in df-vising many schemes whereby
they might got the f«"v dollars received by the soldier.
Several soldier" lately discharged read the article pub
lished In Ti;'-«=<lay morning's Oil and wrote to Colonel Rawles
exposing the methods of these men. and as a result strin
gent measures will b» used to prevent any further opera
tions. -;\--
One Eastnn state? that he WRB approached Just previous
to his discharge by a so-cpllcd pennon agent, who induced
him to m.ike a claim for two months' pay. Ho was taken
to the basement of one of tho brick barracks, where he
made an affidavit before a notary concerning his service
and claims for a ponsicn. He paid, the notary a fee of $1
ar.d wa.-;.thon escorted by the agent to a clothing store
owned by the agent's brother and induced to buy an out
fit. Clothing was furnished him simply on his promise to
"pay on reooipt of his discharge money. lie afterward
learned from comrades who had been treated in the same
manner that the agent received SO per cent of the amount
paid by h::r. to the clothier, and that the solicitors who
hune about tlip cr\>unds all "stood In" to fleece the poldier.
Colonel Ramie? was highly Indignant yesterday, and
Immediately on r«c^:pt of the soldiers' complaints ordered
the gprrimn marched and every man found who could not
give Irgitlmr.t*' reasons for his presence on the reservation
¦was escorted to the gdte. In 'the future the soldiers will be
enabled to leave this city with pome portion of their small
ray.
Box Marked as Freight
Used as Means of
Escape.
Discharged Volunteers
Will Not Again Be
Swindled.
OAKLAND. Oct. 4.— "Rev. Dwight
E. Potter of the Union-street
Presbyterian Church has started
one of the most unique and yet
most practical inquiries into the
church conditions of the present day that
has been advanced from the pulpit- Rev.
Mr. Potter has prepared a circular letter
which he Is addressing to thoso from
whom ; he thinks he can secure original
answers. This letter is accompanied by
a card containing seven questions, which
the one addressed is requested to answer.
It Is the remarkable character of these
questions that has attracted attention to
the plan of Mr. Potter. The questions
strike directly at the very foundation of
the relations between the church and the
workingman, the relations between pas
tors and the people, and why men do not
attend church. These questions and the
answers will be discussed at every Sun
day evening service of the Union-street
Presbyterian Church during October.
This Is the letter sent out by Mr. Potter:
OAKLAND. Cal.. Sept. 14. 1900.
My Dear Sir: Reprettlnp that so many work
lnginen stand aloof from the church, and de
siring to get an unprejudiced view of the rea
pon>«, and feeling that the m?n ran Rive me
information far more valuable than theories. I
am sending the inclosed questions to a large
number with requests for written answers.
Please permit me to ask this favor of you and
that you will say frankly and fully all you
think. I need and Invite your help In this,
that the church may be made better and more
useful. AH KUfreestions and all honest, sincere
criticism will be most welcome. Speak your
real convictions. Names will not be used, but
extracts from answers will be read and the
questions fully discussed at the Union-street
church. 7:30 o'clock, every Sunday evening dur
ing October. Hence an early reply will prreatly
oblige. We would be clad to have you and
your friends hear the answers read and the
questions discussed. Very respectfully,
DWIGHT E. POTTER.
941 Adeline street.
IFLerv. iSco?. Potter Sends
Out Queries.
WORKINGMEN ASKED WHY
THEY AVOID THE CHURCH
A resident of Des Moines, Iowa, was a
witness to a Spanish bullfight at Seville,
Spain, a few years ago, at which one of
the animals In the amphitheater was a
Texas steer, says the Chicago Chronicle.
A steer, he says, will never attack •
horse or man on horseback. A man on
foot he may kill, but a man on horseback
he will not molest. He also does not shut
his eyes when he charges, while a, bull
takes his line and then shuts h.s eyes
and charges, never deviating from >..ie
line his sight gave nim before he closed
his orbs. This it Is that enables the tore
ador to step so easily out of the way, for
the bull, not seeing, makes no attempt to
reach the man when he has moved from
the spot he occupied when the bull
charged.
"The only trial of the Texas steer, '
continued the Iowan. "was pulled off at
Seville, and while they Intended potting
seven, th«v first one they let loose gave
them all they wanted and quickly brought
tKat experiment to an inglorious finish.
After the steer had cavorted about tne
ring for a while they- turned a horse
loose. The steer paid no attention to
him. but the horse, fearful of the un
known beast, would not advance. In came
a helper with a sharp stick and the steer,
positively bellowing for Joy. started. *s
the crowd supposed, for the horse. By
him the steer went in pursuit of the big
ger game and the helper shortly cleared
the protective fence with ten feet to spare
owing to the steer's able assistance. The
representative of the Texas cattle- trade
went over that six-foot barric- as though
It was a prairie dog mound of his native
plains, but the helper won out to one of
the nrotective boxes and safety. ,
"The steer did his bfst to get ftt him.
but finding it Imnosslble looked about for
other game with which to sport. Tho
stone seats are ten feet above the ground
and this has always been an insurmount
able barrier for a bull, hut they reckoned
without their Texas steer when they built
them for as soon as the steer's eyes lit
on the throng above his head he stepped
back and the next instant he was among
them. Before the people could escape he
had tossed half a dozen Into the ring, but
they were all rescued V the ring attend
ant's. The stone peats cleared the steer re
turned to the ring and. peeing no* one
else to throw the gage of battle to. took
the exact center of the ring and bellowed
his defiance to the universe. In the mean
time the management had been busy and
a soldier with a Mauser rifle had beer
summoned from a nearby barrack. With
the boxrail as a rest he took steady aim
and with the ping of the bullet the Steer's
life ended, but the Spaniards have not
experimented with American steers In
Snar.lsh rings since that time, nor are
they likely to again. Like other things
American the Texas steer Is not now pop
ular in Spain." .
Star Feature of the Bullfight.
Astonished the Dons and Proved the
TEXAS STEEB IN SPAIN.
PASADTCNA, Oct. 4.— The fiftieth
wedding anniversary of Ruth
Brown, daughter of the noted ab
olitionist, and Henry Thompson,
who was ,one of the band of eight
men who marched from Kansas to in
augurate the|*ipvement. which probably
hastened the^bglitlon of slavery in the
United States;£,was celebrated here re
cently. More -than threescore years and
ten have passed over the heads of this
noted couple. In their declining years,
feeble in uody,\ but still strong in mind,
they are living In a humble cottage near
the banks of the Arroyo Seco. in Pasa-
Thinking, no doubt, that both hip vic
tims were dead he surrendered to Sheriff
Keenan. ¦
"Vou have done me up once," said Lan
dis, "but your time has come." Before
Clydesdale could reply Landis had emp
tied the contents of the gun Into his abdo
men and departed.
Leaving her there, he walked down the
street and entering a saloon asked for
Clydesdale. He was informed that tho
Constable was not there, and went to his
house, where he found him In bed read
ing.
started to run to her moth'er's house near
by. Am she did so he oprned flre with both
barrels and his wife fell dead.
TROOPS PROTECTED FROM ROBBERS;
SOLDIERS ESCAPE FROM THE ISLAND
SACRAMENTO. Oct. 4— W. J.
Clydesdale, the constable of Roek
lin. PlaTr County, who. on
WertncsdaS- night, was shot in the
abdomen by Russell Laridis, was
brought to this city to-day and taken
to the Mater MUWicordii Hospital, where
Dr. G. A. White, the county physician,
pcrformf-d an operation. Though still
niive, tl^e physicians hold out no hope
that he will recover.
ROCKLIN. Oct. 4 — RufppII Lnndis. who
killed hip wife and ¦wounded Constable
Clydesdale, Is now in prison at Auburn,
Last night Landis procured a box of
Fhollp and. armed with a shotgun, visited
his wiff's house. When he arrived she
bad already retired for the night, but she
answered his knock. In response to her
Inquiry, he said ho had come to get the
child. Tills alarmed Mrs. Landis and she
and expresses no remorse. He says that
he was driven to do the deed by domes
tic troubles. He has not been livine wllh
his wife for some time, and it was com
mon gopnip that he was jealous of Clydes
dale. He often spoke of instituting di
vorce proceedings, and said he would like
to secure possession of his child, a girl
about S years of age, who was being cared
for by Mrs. Landis.
The anniversary exercises at the
Thompson household were simple In na
ture and were attended by about one hun
dred friends of the celebrated couple. Un
der the folds of a national flag stretched
between two large palm trees before the
Kuth Brown was born at Richmond. Pa.,
in 1S29. and with her parents and several
brothers and sisters lived in various parts
of Pennsylvania, Ohio. Massachusetts and
New York until 1S50, when she wa? mar
ried to Henry Thompson at North Elba.
N. Y.. where the remains of John Brown
now lie buried.
dena. supported by a hardworking daugh
ter and son.
cottage door srathered many bent and
gray-headed patriarchs who had been as
sociated Intimately with the Brown fam
ily !n New York, Massachusetts and later
in Kansas. Among those who were pres
ent and spoke reminiscently of those tur
bulent time* were Dr. H. A. Reid. Ma
jor H. N. Rust, Dr. Townsend. Rev. S. H.
Taft. Dr. Emlen Lewi3 and other3.
One of the incidents of the afternoon
was the presentation to- Mrs. Thompson
of a silver quarter which had been handed
to Alexis Hlnckley by an old negro woman
at North Elba, who wished to express to
the daughter of the liberator her appre
ciation of John Brown's services to tho
colored race.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
! . MR. AND MRS. RI'SSELL LANDIS. TWO OF THE PARTICIPANTS IN THE TRAGEDY AT ROCKLIN WHICH
WILL PROBABLY RESULT IN THE DEATH OF A MAN AND WOMAN. AND THE SCENE OF THE
CRIME. • - V
*— I
MR AND MRS. HENRY THOMPSON, WHO RECENTLY CELEBRATED THEIR GOLDEN "WEDDING AT THEIR
HOME NEAR PASADENA. MRS. THOMPSON WAS THE DAUGHTER OF JOHN BROWN. THE FAMOLS AB
OLITIONIST, WHO WITH A LITTLE PARTY RAIDED HARPERS FERRY. |
Petaluma was selected as the next
meeting place and the following officers
were elected: Master, G. \V. Worthen,
San Jose; overseer, C "W. Emery, Oak
land; lecturer, J. 8. Taylor, Napa; stew
ard, E. C. Shoemaker, Vlsalia; assistant
steward, J. C. Steele Jr.. Pescadero; chap
lain, Mrs. S. H. Dewey, Oakland; treas
urer, A. D. Logan. San Francisco; secre
tary. Miss L. S. Woodhnms, Santa Clara;
gatekeeper, M. D. Hopkins, Petaluma;
Pomona, Miss Belle Johnson. Courtland;
Flora, Miss Etta Cornell. Mills: Ceres,
Mrs. Cora Beeoher, ¦ Stockton; lady assist
ant steward. Miss Dclma Green, Court
land; organist. Mips Lena Loll, Sheldon.
To-morrow a' large number of the dele
gates, will go on an excursion to Sanla
Cruz, the remainder returning to their
homes.
At 7:20 o'clock the lodge was again
called - to order and the lifth and sixth
degrees conferred on some ilfty ap
plicants. The banquet-room was th^n
thrown open to members and invited
guests for the celebration of the foa.-U
of Pomona. At one end of the hall a
dais covered with flowers had been erect
ed on which were seated Pomona. Cercfl
and Flora, represented by Miss Kelia
Johnson of Courtland, Miss Cora I3eechc#
of Stockton and Miss Etta Cornell of
Sacramento. A large table in the shape
of a Greek cross occupied the center of
the hall and around the sides of the room
were other tables, all laden with a pro
fusion of California's choicest fruits.
Potted palms and smaller plants, gigantic
brakes and cut ilowers added to the
beauty of the scene. After partaking of
the refreshments the guests indulged 'n
dancing till a late hour, the music being
furnished by Brohaska's orchestra of San
Jose.
At the afternoon session more reports
of committees were read. Miss Emily
liaker of Los Gatos sane a solo. A
committee on woman's work, consisting
of S. P. Sanders, Mrs. I). T. Fowler, Mrs.
S. J. Cross, Mrs. (J. F. Emery and Mrs.
S. P. Sanders, was appointed. Kesolutions
of thanks to the citizens of Los Gatas
and the I^os Gatos Grange were unani
mously passed and adjournment was
taken till evening.
LOS GATOS. Oct. 4.— The third day's
session of the State Grange was called to
order by "Worthy Master Worthen. After
the routine incidental to opening in the
fourth degree the committee on agricul
ture was appointed, consisting of C. A.
Benson, H. Gregory, Mrs. J. P. Purvlne,
Mrs. H. Gregory and Mrs. Houston. H.
T. Blohm was then re-elected to the ex
ecutive committee and made a few ap
propriate remarks of acceptance. The re
ports of several committees were rendered
and accepted and it was decided to hold
the next annual session at Petaluma.
Memorial exercises were opened with a
duet by Miss Lena Loll and M. D. Hop
kins. The memorial committee reported
the. death of William Saunders, one of
the founders of -the Grange, and Moses
Sprapue, a prominent member from Sac
ramento, and . resolutions of respect to
their memory were passed. A vocal
duet was then rendered "by Mr. and Mrs.
W. p. Houx and the exercises closed, with
music by a quartet.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Fifth and Sixth Degrees Conferred
on Fifty-Applicants, and the
Session Closes With a
Dance.
APPOINTMENT OF COMMITTEES
Feast of Pomona Is Duly
Celebrated at Los.
Gatos.
CONVENTION OF
STATE GRANGE
IS AT AN END
THE SAN FRANCISCO CAIX, FKIDAY, OCTOBER 5, 1000
- •
Seores of Friends Gather at the Home of Mr. and Mrs.
Henry Thompson Near- Pasadena and Offer
Congratulations. . /
GOLDEN WEDDING OF THE
DAUGHTER OF JOHN BROWN
Vietim of Russell Landis, the Jealous Roeklin Man Who
Murdered His Wife, Is Dying in the Mater ;;
' . Miserieordia Hospital at Sacramento.
CLYDESDALE HAS NO
CHANCE FOR RECOVERY
Charles A. Montry.
4
Drink "Rainier," "the only,, beer: on the
Pacific Coasrtnat received a medal at the
Paris Exposition; awarded for purity and
quality. •
i thnt^we , h re VC a hi at f y enlar^ Our furnishin & E°ods department so
i that- we are able to carry twice as large a stock as formerly Our !
m buyers have searched the East and procured the very latest produc-
¦ -tions in furnishings of all kinds. We start the ball a-rolline with
n two Rood values. . •""«»« wun
I Garner's percale shins like the above, with fancy woven &
| bosoms, pair of separate link cuffs, neat designs in a dozen oat- *1
I r s seiil°, u fo h r Daid before £;. o <& just such a shirt « - ?« |
I P a«*™ Vd e to7or"£ %£*• ''ur-tn-tard, and imp^rlals-th. . .wellest o£ |
*4 Se * the soods ln our new showcases In the doorway. *J
jjfl Out-of-town orders filled — write us. |jjTHE DOETTGERS. WHO ARE ABOUT TO CONTEND IN THE DIVORCE
COURT. AND SOME OF THE INCIDENTS OF THEIR MARRIED LIFE '
THAT HAVE LED TO THE FINAL RUPTURE. |
I
THE marital woes of Mr. and Mrs.
Bernard Dcettger, the former a
proprietor of the Seattle restau
rant at 677 Mission street, will
soon be aired In court. The hus
band yesterday brought suit for a di
vorce on the grounds of cruelty, intemper
ance and Infidelity. He makes a number
of serious allegations, charging his wife
with having attempted to murder him on
August 1 by feloniously turning on gas in
his room while he was asleep. She Is
said to have broken the dishes In his place
of business and thrown the meats out to
the dogs in the street; also to have cut
his clothing, hats and neckties into
shreds; also to have demolished the fur
niture and fixtures In his room and dis
turbed his peace generally.
The couple was married In 1S90. Seven
years ago, Doettger says, Mrs. Doettger
commenced to drink, and since then his
life has been a misery. She attempted
suicide several times, and once on an Oak
land ferry-boat had to be kept In con
finement.
Mrs. Doettser denies that she tried to
murder her husband. She says she turned
on the gas In an attempt to end her own
existence. The other charges she admits
are true. Her trouble began, she says,
when her husband became jealous of her.
She beps for a chance to become recon
ciled to him and promises that if he will
give her another opportunity she will be
a good woman. The husband says he has
given her enough chances. He will pack
her trunk to-day and put it in the hall.
Meanwhile he will pay her room rent at
the Fareo House.
Marital Troubles of the Doettgers to Be Exploited in a Suit
for Divorce Brougnt by the Husband, Who
Makes Sensational Charges.
SAYS HIS WIFE HAS
WRECKED HIS HOME
OAKLAND, Oct. 4.— Deputy District At
torney -W. H. L. Hynes will stump the
Hynts to Stump in Trinity.
"OAKLAND. .Oct. -4.— On the ground of
cruelty Jeanette Lamottl commenced suit
to-day for a divorce from Louis Lamottl.
Wife Charges Cruelty.
Galvtston Fair.
To be riven Saturday at 1144 O"Farrell street.
Given by Maybelle Rosenthal. Hazel Conn and
Dollie Levels. Admission 5c.
Heavy Fall of Bain.
OAKLAND. Oct. 4.— The rainfall In this
city to-day amounted to .62 of an inch,
maklnc a total of 1.07 inches for the
season.
A Joke on the Doctor.
Colonel Daniel R. Anthony, brother of
Susan B. Anthony and last of the fight-
Ing editors of Kansas, is on record as the
only man who has had his aorta severed
and l!ved. In a newspaper feud with a
man named Jennisnn. Anthony was
shot. The doctor told him he could not
live. The wounded man did not say any
thing, but bade his sister good-by and
went to sleep. When he awoke he asked
his nurse: "What time t3 It?"
"Six o'clock." replied the nurse.
The colonel chuckled for a moment, then
said:
"Say. that's a good Joke on the doctor.
Isn't it? He said I'd be dead at 5:30." He
fell asleep again, and when he awoke the
doctor acknowledged bis mistake.—Chi
cago Chronicl'
John Dorman, a barber , residing at 2219
Mission street, fell from a 1 Mission-street
car yesterday and had his collar bone
broken. He was removed to the City and
County Hospital, where Dr. Harvey re
duced the fracture. •, ' ¦
His Collar - Bone Broken.
OAKLAND. Oct. — J. H. T. Watkinson.
president and peneral manager of the
Contra Costa Water Company, has re
turned to this city after an extended trip
in Eastern States. He believes that the
political sentiment of the East is decided
ly in favor of McKinley. i
J. H. T. Watkinson Returns Home.
"A few evenings since San Francisco
Camp of the Woodmen of the World ten
dered a reception to Past Commander WJ
B Wilson on his return from the head
camp session, held in Salt Lake. City. M.
T Moses P. H. C, and D. Oliver Jr.,
clerk ot Golden Gate Camp, were speclally
invited guests. It is not often that a guest
of honor meets, with a more hearty wel
come thaji was accorded to the past com
mander by the members of his camp and
their wives and lady relatives. There were
a 'few remarks by the guests after full
justice had been done to the supper, also
pleasant words from Dr. M. B. Estees.
consul commander of Tamalpais Camp.
Consul Commander Sweihard of Redwood
Camp and Neighbor Barry of Golden Gate
Camp. The Columbia quartet rendered
several choice vocal selections during the
evening. Neighbors Gordon. Bell and.Al
len who, were the committee of arrange
ments got up a very creditable affair.
Redwood Circle on the 23d ult, had
an -open meeting. Which was a great
success, both as to numbers present and
excellence of; the entertainment. There
was .music, recitations and songs, also
specialties furnished by E. W. Schmidt.
Miss Garcia. M.S. de Roco, Mlss;Perrin,
Miss Armstrong, M. O'Brien, Miss War-
Woodmen of the World.
ren. Miss McDerm'ott and Z. T. Whitten.
This circle is making arrangemnts for a
benefit for the Foley children, who have
become its wards on account of the death
of the mother.
Company L. First Regiment, League of
the Cross Cadets, of. Mission Dolores
parish, gave an entertainment last night
at Mission Parlor Hall, Seventeenth
street, near Valencia. The affair was well
attended, the main floor and the gallery
of the spacious hair being taxed to their
utmost seating capacity, with standing
room at a premium. The programme con
sisted of musical selections by the or
chestra, remarks by James B. Coffey vo
cal solos, fancy dancing, recitations ' and
specialties by -Miss Mae Korn, Ml"" Ida
Qulgg. Miss Viola . Winters,- ¦ Mis" May
Heron. Mis* Julia Coffey, Miss Rose Brck£
erick. Charles Hay, H.. Todd and Cvrus
B. Newton. Dancing followed the enter
tainment. .'¦ "".;¦;.-;
Cadets Give an Entertainment.
For centuries Friday has been regarded
as the most unlucky day in the week, but
the tendency now is to regard Sunday aa
the most unfortunate day. According to
a moderate statistician, who has just pub
lished an Interesting pamphlet on the sub
ject. Sunday is certainly mor« unlucky
than Friday, so far as rulers and other
prominent personages are concerned. The
King of Italy, he points out. was killed on
Sunday, and It was on Sunday that two
previous attempts against his life were
made, namely, on Sunday, March 17. 1ST8.
and on Sunday. March 23, 1S33. Other
cases cited by him are those of the Due
de Berry, who was stabbed to death on
Sunday. February 13. 1S20; of Czar Alex
ander II. who was killed by a bomb on
Sunday. March 13. 1S81: of President Car
not. who was assassinated by Cesarlo on
Sunday. June 24. ISM. and of M. Canovas,
who was killed on a Sunday in 1897. New
York Herald.
Ill Luck on Sunday.
MRS. SARA E. REAMER, RE
TIRING PRESIDENT WO
MEN'S P^ESS ASSOCIATION.
The Board of Civil Service Commis
sioners decided yesterday to allow 50 per
cent in examinations for general knowl
edge of the duties of courtroom clerks
This Is regarded as a concession on tho
part of the commission and practically
assures the retention of the present force
In other examinations the percentage for
general knowledge of duties has been
but 20.
Lucky Courtroom Clerks.
The petition of William Smith to re
tain a sign over his lodging-house at TllVi
Mission street was th-j cause of a demand
made by Supervisor Connor before, the
Street Committee yesterday that an ordi
nance be drafted to lesclnd all special
permits now held for encroachments on
the streets and sidewalks. Supervisors
Curtis and Dwyer declined to take any
action on the proposed ordinance. Con
nor paid especial attention to the alleged
dereliction of a morning paper, which, it
seems, has been shown favors by the ad
ministration and does not appear grateful
for the "stand in."
"The Examiner came before this com
mittee four months ago," said Connor,
"and promised in return for legislation
against 'freak' advertising to take in it
signs and bill boards. Though the other
newspapers have removed theirs the Ex
aminer has not done so. I believe it
should be compelled to comply with the
law as well as the humblest citizen. I will
certainly present an ordinance on the sub
ject at next Monday's meeting. The reso
lution now in force on the subject ex
empts from ltsl provisions bulletin boards
in front of the publication offices of news
papers or in front of theaters."
The committee reported in favor of an
appropriation of $9400 tor the acquisition
of certain lands and the extension of the
Potrero-avenue sewer to Army street. The
Finance Committee was requested to take
steps to acquire lands out of the moneys
accruing to the city as a result of the in
creased assessment roll. ,v*
The petition of G. H. Roundy for the
abatement of nuisances In the University
Mound District was referred to the
Boards of Health and Public Works for
Immediate action.
The resolution authorizing the payment
of $500 each to S. H. Kent, A J, Raisch.
O. B. Martin and H. C. Robinson for sala*
ries as Park Panhandle Appraisers was
reported upon adversely, until such tlrm
as the Appraisers have completed their
work by testifying in the condemnation
proceedings in the Superior Court.
The ordinance srranting the Board of
Public 1 Works power to dispose of old
curbs and street material in a manner not
in accordance with the .charter .was re
ferred to the Judiciary Committee. .
The Supervisors' Police Committee re
ported yesterday in favor of applying 7
per cent of license tax collected for the
sale of spirituous liquors to the Police
Relief and Pension Fund, instead of 5 pe>
cent, as heretofore. . ; ' l?A||#t,e^^SBB^*[
WANTS ALL SPECIAL
PERMITS RESCINDED
It is said that the flag follows the trade.
but In the Russian case It Is the trade
which follows the flag. Russia haa nevor
made a movement from which she naa
gone back: her great land-grabber and her
great Cecil Rhodes was called Yamak.
and he penetrated ami annexed the great
part of Siberia for the Czar of the day.
and Russia within the last few month'
has christened her most powerful ironclad
after this great explorer. ioe Counts of
Mouravieff. uncles of the late Minister
of Foreign Affairs to the present Czar,
are known in history, one as the man
who annexed the greater part of the Cau
casus for the Czar of his day, and the
other completed the Siberian annexation:
and their successor, the late Count Mou
ravieff, was following in the footsteps of
his ancestors. The Russian Minister of
Foreign Affairs acts Independently, some
times without consulting any of his col
leagues, and very ofMn without consult
ing the Czar. He always employs men
who have been trained In the develop
ment of the Russian empire, at the ex
pense of other people.- London Express.
A Russian Land-Grabber.
rant In Judge Fritz's court yesterday for
the arrest of Thomas Murphy, a pugilist,
on the charge of driving off with a hprse
and cart without the consent of ' the
owner. Heaney drove Into the city on
Tuesday and hitched his horse at Twelfth
and Folsom streets. Murphy, it is alleged,
drove it away. The cart was found
smashed in nieces at Ingleside and the
horse was wandering around the neigh
borhood. ;• -
The case of Mrs. Margaret Kerr, 1510
Jones street, and her sister. Miss Jennie
Bole, charged with battery upon Mrs.
Nano Draude, 30 Bernard street, Tuesday
night, was called In Judge Cabaniss'
court yesterday. After hearing the evi
dence the Judge at once dismissed tho
case. The case of Alice Gardiner and Jes
sie Steinman. charged with battery upon
Miss Irene Wilbert in a restaurant on
Krarny and Jackson streets, was called In
Judge Mogan's court yesterday and con
tinued until to-day. *•
R. B. J. Giles, the barber charged with
Illegal registration, appeared before Judge
Cabaniss yesterday for his preliminary
examination. After the evidence of Reg
istrar Walsh, Michael Smyth, Deputy
Registrar, and others had been heard the
defendant's attorney claimed that his
client was not of sound mind, and asked
that the case should be continued pending
his examination before the Insanity Com
missioners. The Judge granted the re
quest and continued the case till Satur
day, October 13.
Ellen Gibbons, the "woman in black,"
was held to answer before the Superior
Court by Judge Conlan yesterday on two
charges of burglary in $2000 bonds on
each charge. She broke into the residence
of H. A. Meyer. 1067 Fell street, and John
McDonald, 404 Broderick street.
William Tyndell, alias A. C. Adams,
pleaded guilty in Judge Fritz's court yes
terday to falsely impersonating M. Stone.
E resident of the San Pedro and I. X. L.
'airy Company, and was fined $30, which
was at once paid. Captain Seymour had
agreed to that disposal of the case, as
Tyndell had promised to leave the city,
and M. T. Warner of San Jose, the com
plaining witness, had refused to remain
here longer to give his testimony.
Seven Swedish sailors appeared \befor<»
Judge Mogan yesterday on a charge of
disturbing the peace. They were arrested
Wednesday afternoon af a saloon. 206
Steuart street. Thev explained to the
Judge that they were celebrating the
birthday of Oscar Olson, one of their
number, and they drank fo freely that n
fight started. and Policeman Barry
swooped in and arrested them. The Judge
dismissed the cases after warning them
not to be so boisterous in their cups in
future.
John G. Crowcy, 3G Stockton street,
swore to a complaint In Judge Fritz's
court yesterday charging Robert Allen
with petty larceny.- Crowey on Septem
ber 6 invited Allen to spend a night with
him in his room, which was then at 309
Grant avenue. The next day Allen, so
Crowey says, called at the room and stole
his overcoat
INCIDENTS IN POLICE COTJBT.
E. J. Heaney of Bader. swore to a war-
BERKELEY. Oct. 4.— Four candidates
are now running Independently for the
office of Justice of the Peace of this town
ship. They are Robert Edgar, the
incumbent: Town Marshal Richard
Lloyd. W. H. H. Gentry and C. R. Lord.
The last two named were Justices here
several yea.-s ago.
Candidates for Office.
Grace Morel Dickman, ¦ Mrs. Dohrmann,
Mrs. Southard. Mrs. A. M. C. Chrlstesen,
Mrs, Paris Kilburn, Mrs. Lottie Phelps,
Mrs. D. Beecher. Mrs. M. H. Heynemann,
Mrs. H. H. Halght. Mrs. A. A. Sargent
and Hon. George T. Bromley.
The tenth anniversary breakfast of the
Pacific Coast Women's Press Association
was given yesterday at the Occidental
Hotel In honor of the retiring president,
Mrs. Sara E. Reamer, and the other offi
cers. The dining-room was handsomely
decorated and the menu was served to the
pleasant accompaniment of music by the
Knickerbocker Quartet, piano solos by
Professor R. W. Lucy and a whistling
solo by Miss McComas.
At the close of the breakfast the follow
ing toasts were proposed by Toastmaster
George T. Bromley: "The President. Mrs.
Sara E. Reamer, and Executive Board,
responded to by Mrs. Frances B. Edger
ton* "The Press." to which Miss Mabel
Craft responded: "Literature of the P C.
W P Association." by Mrs. Ella M. Sex
ton- "Women's Clubs." Mrs. IsldorLpw
enbiirg: "Women of the Twentieth Cen
tury "Mrs. A. W. Truesdell: "Cheerful
ness "as a Fine Art." Miss Eliza T> Keith:
"Women With Pens." Mrs E. Morland
North; "California," Mrs. C. T. Mills, and
"Uncle" Bromley ended the programme
with "When the Cows Come Home."
Among those present were -Jrs. S. E.
Reamer, retiring president ; Mrs. Ella M.
Sexton.- president: Mrs. JosephtneH. Fos
ter Miss Mabel Craft. Mr?. C. T. Mills.
Mrs. Isidor Low^nburg. Mrs Frances B.
Edgerton. Mi?s Eliza D. Keith. Mrs. E.
Morland North. Mrs. A. W Truesdell.
Mrs. Frank Dalton. Mrs Bucknall. Mrs.
CM Smith Mrs. W. C. Morrow. Mrs. E.
S. LoudVMxs! M. E. Hindes. Mrs. Shea,
Mrs. Wagner. Mrs. A. Wedmore Jones,
Mrs. H. j" Sadler. Mrs. S. B. Gamble. Mrs.
Barnes. Mrs. M. Parker. Mrs. Mary V.
Lawrence. Mrs. Caswell Miss Julia F.
Loe Mrs. J. J. McDonald. Mrs. L. Eu
genl'a* Newhall, Mrs. Robert Oliver. Mrs.
William Keith Mrs. F. L. Southack. Mrs.
William Carr, Mrs. M. Tracy Mott. Mrs.
G Washburn. Mrs. George W. Grayson,
Mrs. Scinio Craig. Mrs. F. Hardlman
Miller Mrs. Barber, Mrs. Washington
Ayre Miss Skidmore, Mrs. Marsh, Mrs.
OAKLAND, Oct. 4.— In recognition of
the services of the Oakland Fire Depart
ment in saving Its property from destruc
tion on the night of September 24. the
California Door Company has presented
the Firemen's Relief Fund Association
with JIOO.
Firemen's Merit Rewarded.
THEIR RETIRING PRESIDENT
HONORED WITH A BREAKFAST
Wcmen's Press Association Members Gather
at Tab'.e With Mrs. Reamer.
northern counties of the State for McKln
ley and Roosevelt, having been engaged
by the Republican State Central Commit
tee. He will leave for Trinity County in
a few days.
Mrs. V. R. Bruce filed suit for divorce
yesterday against R. A. Bruce, alleging
cruelty as cause of action. Mrs. Bruce
who was a Miss Lorrells, was married
last April. Her husband, she says, im
mediately made her unhappy by mani
festing unbridled Jealousy. A few days
after their marriage, Mrs. Bruce savs
a friend called to offer her his best wishes'
Bruce s jealousy was aroused and he
challenged the friend to open combat with
any weapon he might choose. On July 4
last, she claims, he attempted to kill her
She was finally deserted by her husband
she concludes, and he left her but '0
cents upon which to live until his return
He is still absent and the sum he left for
maintenance is exhausted. In addition to
a decree of divorce Mrs. Bruce asks leave
to resume her maiden name.
Decrees of divorce were granted yester
day to Catherine A. Edwards from C.
Lafayette Edwards on the ground of will
ful neglect; Jessie B. Heath from F B
Heath same ground, and Agnes Jessie
Rowe frorn NatharrA. Rowe for desertion.
Frieda Gehrig has sued George C.
Gehrig fcr a divorce, alleging cruelty as
cause of action. Suits for divorce were
also filed by Cornelia Simon against Philip
Simon for Infidelity, and Martin Dale
against Bertha Dale for cruelty
Captain Brant importuned his wife to
return. For twelve years he made period
ical pleas to her to come back to him, but
his pleas were without avail. Finally In
18US, he filed suit for divorce. The case
was called for hearing yesterday. Cap
tain Brant testified as to his wife's de
parture and refusal to return to him
His testimony was corroborated and the
decree was ordered Issued.
Philip Paulding Brant, the litigant's son
is at present residing with his father, Cap
tain Brant, who resides at the Cosmos
Club and has been retired irom the army
for some time.
Shortly after their marriage Mr. Brant
was ordered to the West by the War De
partment. He was captain in the First
United States Infantry, and with his wife
took up his residence at the Presidio. In
1SS6 Mrs. Brant created talk by suddenly
leaving for the East. Various rumors
were rife as to the cause of her departure
By the majority It was held that she had
tired of San Francisco and had decided to
return to her own exclusive set In New
York City.
iPlains, N. Y.. in 1&75. He had Just grad
uated from . West Point and his wife
moved in the best New York society.
Their wedding was quite a social event in
consequence.
Captain Louis Philip Brant, a well
known clubman, was granted a divorce
yesterday by Judge Hebbard from Grace
Paulding Brant on the ground of deser
tion. Mr. Brant was married at White
Captain Brant Granted Di
vorce From Wife Who
Deserted Him.
Upon cross-examining Detective Dillon
the defendant's attorney attempted to in
troduce the fact that Layden before he
died stated that he did not wish Harris
to be prosecuted, as he was to blame, but
an objection was made by Deuprey and
sustained by the Judge.
The case will be heard again to-day,
when ex-Judge Ferral will move for "a
dismissal, and if that motion is denied he
will place the defendant on the stand and
several other witnesses, with the object
of proving that Harris acted solely in
self-defense.
The other witnesses examined were
Corporal George. W. Russell, Dr. T. F. ]>-
land, who made the autopsy on Layden's
body; George W. Warren. Edgar WUbert.
"William Davock. Howard Healey, Joseph
Goldstein and Detective Dillon.
. All the witnesses for, the prosecution
were examined yesterday, but nothing
new was developed. Joseph P. Corcoran,
manager of the office, was perhaps the
most important witness for the prosecu
tion. He testified to Hayden and Harris
having had a quarrel weeks before the
stabbing. After the stabbing Harris said
to him: "I stuck the knife into him as
far as it would go. If I had only had a
gun with me I would have killed "him."
Layden was a bigger and older boy than
Harris, and the two had trouble before
the nifirht of the fatal stabbing. That
night Layden had assaulted Harris two
or three times, tiil finally Harris stabbed
Layden, resulting in his death. A pecu
liarly sad incident in connection with the
tragedy was the suicide of Dr. Harris, the
defendant's father, at Salinas, through
grief at his son's disgrace.
Judge Carroll Cook has the distinction
of being the first Superior Court Judge to
try a case in the Hall of Justice. It Is
that of Wayne Harris, the messenger boy.
charged with the murder of Andrew A.
Layden, another messenger boy, at the
head office of the San Francisco District
Telegraph Company on the night of March
24 last. Assistant District Attorney Deu
prey conducted the prosecution and ex-
Judge Ferral represented the defendant.
Trial of Layden's Slayer
Begins Before Judge
Cook.
LIE PASSES IN JUDGE HEBBARD'S COURT.
SELF-DEFENSE IS WAYNE HARRIS' PLEA
An assertion made by Attorney T. Z.
Blakeman In Judge Hebbard's court yes
terday morning was branded as "abso
lutely false and a lie" by Lucius L. Solo
mons, and for a time trouble was Immi
nent. Mrs. Theresa Bell was on the stand
under examination by Attorney W. T.
Tauszky in her action to secure the re
conveyance to her of property at 731 Sut
ter street, which she alleges "Mammy"
Pleasant fraudulently conveyed to Lucius
L. Solomons. "Mr. Tauszky asked her If
ft was not a fact that in addition to her
maiden name, Theresa Harris, her name
by her first marriage. Mrs. John Percy,
and her present name, Theresa Bell, sh^
had at one time used the name Theresa
Clingan. Mrs. Bell admitted that she
purchased the Sutter-street property un
der the name of Clln?an In 1S59.
Tauszky then presented three deeds to
the property, all bearing the same dat?.
One from Theresa Clingan conveyed th«»
property to Mary E. I'leasant. A second
reconveyed the property to Theresa Bell.
The third was from Mr. and Mrs. Thomas
Bell to Mary E. Pleasant.
Blakeman got up and said counsel'*
action was taken with the evident pur
pose of misleading the court, for, he said,
the defendant had admitted that two ot
the deeds were the same.
"Presuming." said Solomons, "that I
am the defendant referred to, I will say
that Mr. Blakeman's statement is a He."
"Notwithstanding the ungentlemanly
assertion of Mr. Solomons," answered
Blakeman. "I will repeat my statement."
Wallace A. "Wise, who is associated with
the defense, said he would take advan
tage of the opportuntiy to reiterate Mr.
Solomons' statement as to the truthful-,
ness of Blakeman's assertion.
Judge Hebbard orderea the indulgence
In personalities to cease and continued
the case for further hearing. \.
Lawyerand Litigant Indulge
in Personalities in the
Bell Case.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, OCTOBER 5, 1900.
5
MR. A. QERBERDiM Will Preside
GEORGE STONE,
Oa'.rranr. Rf>r"Jt»'-lcan State Central Committee.
\\". M CUTTER. Srcretary.
ADVEKTISEHENTS.
HON.
\\II-L GIVE HIP REASON'S WHY DEMO-
CHATS SHOULD SUPPOKT
McKILEY
AND
ROOSEVELT
METROPOLITAN TEMPLE,
FIFTH STREET.
T^HIS
F^riday Evening.
1^65^*^ 4n Kearnyst.. S. F.. for
\**^ Fishing Tackle and Sporting
Goods. The largest stock on
ih» P«clflc Coa^t of everj- description. Send 3
«'»*iit.s in po^taee stamps for the latest 90-pa^e
liluftratfd catalogue. No. 4.
LADD'S GUN STORE,
i \:'.y. Tardy Convalescence, Loss of Blood.
Hiti'fncy, Melancholia. Throat and Lun?
TrouV.les. PrcslrkneEs, All Wasting Diseases
: ::\ A»tfr Fevery.
Sold by ail Druggists. Refuse Substitutes.
It is found especially useful ln Xervous
Troubles, Dyspepsia. Malaria, Anaemia, Lofs
'. Bleep. C.,risurr.r;tion. Overwork. Indigestion,
i.T ';r:;i>e. Nervous Proftration, General De-
MARIAN) WISE-WORLD FAMOUS TONIC
VIN MARIANI
Weak Men and Women
CHOULDUEE DAMIANA BITTERS. THE
«^»rr»ai Mexican remedy; gives health and
Etrenpth to sexual organs. Liepot. 223 Market.
*j^t?r?urrS§Sa f- n^ d7 K for
/gfW^«-LliEb <-..v-t, fcp«rmitorrh'Bt
JsPi'jf ls ' L ¦ '- fl3 r'.'6c «t:te*. acnatural dt»»
iy<£f oamn-i charges, or anj icfla-niv
R**S not «o strtetow. tj.).., ,i!TU aUoa or u;:erv
gwgPrtvBMi coEtation. ticn ot mooom me»
g^^THEEv«,H3CHI»"'t' Ra. fcranes. Koo-Mtriccen&
\S?V P-"-A- AT* ? r 8ect ln P 13111 wrapper.
g>R.P!ERCES
GULDEN
MEDICAL
FOR THE
B5_OOD.L8VER.LUNGS.
RDTTCUT7Q f o r barbers, bak-
L)iLU OllXIlO • r '- bootblacks, bath-
houEes. billiard tables.
brewers, bookbinders, candy-makers, canneri,
<5yere, rourmills, Toumlries, laundries, paper-
hange-rs. printers, paintf-rs. shoe factories, cta-
Llenen. tar-rc«,rers. tanners, tailors, etc.
CL'C.-1A>A> BROvS,
Brush Manufacturers. 609 Sacramento St.
Weekly CaU,$1.0p per Year
The Prison and Hospital ¦ Religious Associa-
tion reek magazines.' books and -clothing - to
distribute to suffering ones. A postal addressed
to. Mrs. S. .A. Burrls, 317 O'Farrell street, the
secretary, will have her. attention. .. . /.'."¦ .'. . •.. '
The Indleo -production In Java' Is rap-
idly falling ofr.t Many of the planters are
growing tobacco instead. The artificial
product .is (steadily displacing it: A new
process . ts_ being: used, however, which
permits of. obtaining a higher percentage
of coloring matter from the leaf and also
produces a purer indigo.
OILS.
1 JRRICATING OILS. LEONARD * ELLIS.
4i* Front »t.. S. F. Phone Main 1719.
FAINTS.
Cytlneer & Lubri"JttlnK Oils. Schneider's Mlntn?
r«ndl««. C O. CLINCH & CO.. 9 Front. S. F.
PRINTING.
I - Vr ULUllCi. 5ii sansome st.. S. F.
POINTERS. EOCK DINDER5.
7MB IiICKS-JUDD CO..
72 Flrrt ft.. San Franrmeo.
STATIONER AND PRINTER.
?^5BP? PARTRIDGE "•SSST"
WHirfc ASH STtAil COAL. e u Ea?k
) JAMOXII COAL MINING CO.. a*, its GREEN
RIVEI* OOIJJERIEB. Is the Uei>t Coal in the
r-nrket. <j;fic^ and Yards — 4M Main street.
METAL.
Frtr* llnotrr* «n«l stereotype metal. Pacific
Metal Works. J2T-9 First it.. Ran Francisco.
GALVANIZING AND METALS.
MTs: & TValf-r in Mrtal* & Galvanizing. JOHN
flXSi METAL WORKS. 315 Howard st.
FRFSK AND SAI.T MEATS.
JAS R r *VFS£f : i Ph:pP«n«r Butcher*. 104
J.tO- D.MWfflJ ciay. TeL Main 1^4.
IILECTJelCAL.
r>. d. wass.
Electrical Knsineex. 3C East rt.
COPPERSMITH.
CW Fh 'P Tlumblnp. Fteamboat and
W- III Ship Work a Fpeclalty. 10 and
IS Washington ft. Telephone Main SCU.
COAL. CDKE X\li PIG IRON.
J \, TTIL^v;^ <i VU-. Telephone Main 1S61.
ATTORNEY.
F. H. MERZBACH, lawyer. S03 Cal.. Clunie bd
Catalogues and Price Lists Ma'led
on Application.
OF RESPONSIBLE HOUSES.
DIRECTORY
Saturday BR P*^r-» «• - — A *It^ Photos,
Advertisement. CALIFORNIA » S LARGEST .. AMERICA 'S GRANDEST STORE *'•*> **•?»•
SpacHtel Could only secure 50 dozen of th»ae; the &f *%m+tf 4>f 2"? if E%€tg%
Tiding iAn last tima we had alot of this ?ize (20x «fflll *p8a&mJ %9Hn, 00b
. . M ,c?o, ffbi 20) we so'd 200 dozen;, so come early not J ; '. nnn "¦ . ., „ ' '
to be disappointed; they are tin same -kind of pretty An assorted lot OI about 1000 yards OI $1.00 and
Spachtal or Irish Point Tidie?; worth 25c each; t> mji— $1.25 Silks; black an 1 white stripes and plaids;
da y° nI 7 ? ••- BH>C black Pekin stripe?: white and black hemstitched
Dross 500 pair, b«t quaiitv cambric-cove r-d ct f' a " d «. oo , d of f ancv colored
Shield* lOr rubber-c'oth Dre« Shields, the Ian (fa Silks that will make handsome waists, underskirts,
%jwiitzius>, iuu. manu f acturer » a h t5ckthatwe recently , rufflines, trimming, etc.; on special CSGg%
closed out; every psir guaranteed wjith Ice. 17c m^»_ sale Friday onlv. per yard <&+*%*
and 2Dc pair; on sale Friday only 1UG J ' ' v J i
'¦¦.—»¦ SZ II B _. _» **" A Two-Day The>e L»dwV Vic: Kid Sioes,
Butter Sale To-Day sno* s*iJ. £',;— a SSSSK $5f
Fancv Creamery Butter, regular Jt GSf* » stylish pho?, al size* and widths, at tae very yfjfr rjf
size squares, to-day only...... p ***" specia] price for Friday and - Q /$\w
, . ., . . Saturday V#»C»«Sr f**~-*rs&L- -I
Lumt — j squares to a customer. _ ''^vt^V]
? — : ? Enamsled Donb'e. JSmZ?
¦ — ' Q^fipcnin A.7** coated. Ei- /S^**mv
All-Silk Taffeta Rlbbvns-K well-bought lot of aa « cc P ail » fCm aaiele(4 6 . JP^lr^
I 1500 yard? in rich co'orinffs f >r neckwear; pink, blue, miiza. quart Saucepans, lorn? handle, rt»M"nod J\
cardinal, creahi. b'a:k aid white: 4 inches wide; on mmm cover, full va'ue at 70c each 4>7q^ ,
special sa'e Friday only, per yard MmG on special sale to-day, only.
Boys' $7a50 and $8.50 Long Pants Suits, $5.45.
A big special Clothing offering for Friday and Sattirdav. They are made of all-wool fabrics; new Ox
fords; brown and dark mixtures; single-brea3ted coats and double-breasted vests; as well tailored as
a man's suit; strictly up-to-dite, for biy« 13 to 19 years.
Boys' $5.00 Vestee Suits, $3.95.
We closed out from a reliable manufacturer 85 of tlm season'* Vestee Suits in four different patterns of
all-wool fancv tweeds. CoaJs have the new small collar; Vests of same material or fancy silk,
open in front. They are very pretty suits and gr?at baretin* at the special prici for Friday aid Saturday.
latlina* ?5g* A special purchase of ladies' imported real Special Sale Of w< * offer *° r Friday only 57 dozens
„ * X Mtco Cotton Hose, Hermsdorf black.extra Tahlnennnn* of Rod^ r3 Bro3/ " 1847 " fanc y han -
HOSC, 23c. hi 'h spliced he3ls, double sole, silk finish; lantespOOns. dJe Tabtespoom; triple plated;
the best 35c hose on the market: for thi» day only O O*» worth re S alarl y S 2 - 60 for fiet o{ 6 > ¦* the very
per d'zjn, $2*75; per pair special price for set of G 9««O«9
Rubber L-dies' Rubber G'ov?s, made of pure 25o Fringed A small lot (144 onlv heavy fringed
— ,- gy n Para rubber, tan. wh;te or b'ask; these *#> duck squares in 20 diff rent patterns;
GlOVeS, bifCm gi 0Te3 ar e tho best quality and crae in squares, lit Cm Stable for- table, stand and pedestal
all siz3s; our rega'ar cut prce. 853 a pair; 100 g^n t% covers, cushion tops, etc.; worth 25c each, to be
pairs oi spec : al sale to-day on y %}%JG c'osed out to-^ay.. aUC
New Cloaks and! Suits, 5Oc on the $1.OO*
The Entire Fall Sample Lino of a Great New York Manufacturing Firm.
J*L /?/"*\\ A great purchase — the entire fall sample line of Benjimin & -.,
«w 'j Ifjy Caspary, the New York Suit and Cloak manufacturers, compris- f\~ /j\fSM
Twt A IV m % severa ' hundred garments — new Jackets, new Suits, new /]\ // Kffjf
/V"^®] W Ca P es » new Skirts. We bought them all at 50o on the dot- \ \ \ ( I 3SUA
//Vf A^w^Var — J ust one-half,' and we will sell them all this week the same £»Lj! -JcfogTOif'/X
lLfr i T^ way. Remember these are all new (this season's) garments, \
% ' all sizes, at 50c on the $1 00, which means: A I
/ \ $10 Jackets, Capes and Skirts for $5.00 $25 Jackets, Capes and Suits for $12.50 h 11 \fj
/I JlJKSsv Sl> Jackets, Capes and Skirts for $7.50 $30 Tailor Dresses for $15.00 / p fi hj
/' |Lv\$2O Jackets, Capes and Skirts for $10.00 540 Tailor Dresses for $20.00 *)^H^s7
All Alterations Extra All Alterations hxtra. l> 1>
Groceries and Liquors. . Vtorfebft Xu^LK^S ££%
Pearline-1-b. -sckag-; to-day only; 3 piekagen 2Sc lOWBtS, M*C. Qf a ?2 .0O-per-dozea value, on „
Fancy Red Salmon -Mb. can", regularly loc; to-day. I 8a i e t> d ay cn - y; eac j, iZC
Penauros Boneless Sardines^ha best pack; iarge J.. — —
with k«v; to-flay 17c
Pickled Salmon Bellies- Lirjje, fat piece?; to-dar, each, A Saie Of Fancy pat-
• 8c China Plates ' Jrn D«co- >^5?^^&s.
Fresh Lunch Shrimps— Rsady to serve; l-!b tns; to-day. w *" ratedC i a /jF&^m&iS.
2f, )r •• 25o P:a'es, 8i inches ii diam3ter, as- l^/M&*Xr*S t
Golden Rule Cftsup-PintF; <o day.;.... 15? sorted flower designs, gj.'d ed:je, KiKp/u , .\TS
Neal's Finnan Haddies-1-b flit ths; io-diy 15c worth *5c ea?h. to- #y - \&W$ft»* f .)lTJ
C'offie-Our b»st J^» an 1 Mocha; 3* lbs. $f.OO (fty - MH-C %SM®*s2r$/
Duffey's Pure Malt Whiskey— The genuine; to-day, ner Decorated Chin3 C»ke cr Brrad
bottl« • • 73c Bak t«, open handle fl>werdeco- fa&W§£^£>?2\
Bourbon Whisky — Our $2.50-p9r-ga' ot graie n ene* ration, go!d edge3, cm hi used " J \£
tvery purchaser; to-day, per gal'on $2.OO for b-rri-s or ice crea-n; worth J^r _ "^
Zilfandel Claret— 5 years old; r;gular 75^ grtdi; to-d y, 95c each; a small lot on c *m^ "^fc^--- -^rF*^.
per ga il on ..51c sale to-oay OJC
THE EMPORIUM.
THE EMPORIUM.
THE EMPORIUM.
Take Advantage I
0 of ths purest article made w
For Shortening: and 1
Frying.
"Ko=Nut"
1 A Sterilized Cocoanut Fat
— Never gets rancid — Twice
the shortening power of lard.
For frying it has no equal
— does not burn or scorch,
and lasts longer.
Ask your Grocer, or write
India Refining Co.,
j Philadelphia.Philadelphia, among rival cities. Is con
stantly referred to as slow, and San Fran
cisco, in the eyes of its bumptious citlzena,
is quite up to date. San Francisco is
willing, however, to Imitate slow Phila
delphia in the matter of establishing a
Commercial Museum .patterned of our
own, and to advertise it as an evidence of
commercial progress that should place
San Francisco by universal assent in the
front rank of modern commercial cities.
Philadelphia Times.
COMMERCIAL MUSEUM
IN SAN FRANCISCO
The marvelous augmentation of the railroad traffic
of the nation will undoubtedly have the effect of re
viving public interest in -traffic problems as soon as
the Presidential election is over and the cessation of
the Bryanite agitation gives the people a chance to
once more talk business. The Interstate Commerce
Commission, which has time and again asked for
greater powers of regulating freight rates, will un
doubtedly renew the request, and the issue will in
that way be once more made a matter of practical
politics.
When the discussion upon it becomes earnest it will
J\A ANY evidences of the extraordinary prosper
/ \ ity of the United States are before the people
at this time, but among them all there is none
more impressive' than the orders given by the gre3t
trunk lines for additional freightcars and locomotives.
Our railway system is already one of the industrial
marvels of the world, and yet it is insufficient for the
needs of our expanding industry and domestic com
merce. The number of new cars that have been or
dered to meet the demands of freight runs high up
into the thousands, and the end is not yet.
Along with the increased freight traffic there ought
to be a proportional diminution of freight rates.
There has been a decrease to some extent, but it is
by no means equal to what the public has a right to
expect. Moreover, the decrease has been frequently
made in a way that disturbs business almost as much
as it helps it, and in many cases has injured individuals
instead of benefiting them. Such results are due to
the unfair discriminations exercised by the railways
in making freight reductions! In fact, it- not infre
quently happens that while the roads can show a
large decrease in rates for the country at large,
for many localities there have been virtaally no re
ductions at all.
DEMAND FOR FREIGHT 'CflRS.
ANSWERS TO CORRESPONDENTS.
EXPORTS— A. S., City. "The Commer
cial Year Book" gives figures on imports,
exports, debts of all countries and the
like.
NEW FLOWERS— M.. City. There is
no record of Luther Burbank having late
ly evolved new flowers of particular
merit.
LAWN TENNIS COURT— R. A. H.,
City. The court of the California Lawn
Tennis Club is at the corner of Bush and
Scott strests, San Francisco.
RUNNING HORSE— H. E. C. City. The
stride of a running horse in a race varies
witjh the animal running. There is no
record of the stride of racing animals.
WHO WROTE IT— M., City. This cor
respondent wishes to know who wrote:
Love is a trouble, love is a bubble.
Love is the north wind and man the dead
leaf.
BILLIARD PLAYING— R. A. H.. City.
The best way to learn billiard playing is
to read up first class books on the game
and practice under the direction of some
well known player.
THEATERS-S. G. W., and N., City.
The seating capacity of the Alhambra in
San Francisco is 1458. California 1698.
Columbia 624. Grand Opera-house stated
to be 2600, and Orpheum said to be 2900.
BRISTOL FARTliJNG-G. T.. San Jose,
Cal. Bristol farthings of 1652 are not
quoted in the catalogues of dealers You
would better submit your piece to a dealer,
who after viewing it and discovering its'
condition, will tell you its value.
WHY A DEMOCRAT— G. Me A. S.. City.
If your opponent In" a~ political argument
asserted that he is a Democrat but was
unable to give any reason for being such
this department certainly cannot tell you
why he is such. There is, however, no
accounting for tastes.
NO RECORD OF POLITICS— M. C. J.,
City. As the parties named in the letter
of inquiry are under civil service rules
there is no record of the politics of each
individual. To ascertain such each indi
vidual would have to be asked, and It is
probable that each would reply that hi*
politics, like his religion, was his own
concern.
SINGING LKSSONS— A. B.. City. How
many lessons one has to take to become
a singer depends on the voice and capac
ity of the individual. Some persons might
take lessons for years and still not be
able to sing. -I*hls department does not
advertise any one's business, consequently
cannot inform you who is "a good teach
er, price and so forth." Consult the
classified portion of the city directory
under the head of teachers (singing). ,
LEAD PENCILS— L. B., City. What
are called black lead pencils have no lead
in their composition. They received their
name from the leaden plummets that
were used to rule faJnt lines on paper be
fore the discovery of graphite. The plum
mets were called lead pencils and were
first made in England In about 1560 They
were far inferior in quality and appear
ance to those of tne present day. When
plumbago, or graphite, was first used for
writing its black streak offered a strong
contrast to the pale one of the lead so it
was called, in distinction from lead 'black
Is that Mark Hanna. mamma?
Why. he ain't any show!
Where's all the skirts and funny things
Is what I'd like to know?
He's nothin*. only just a man:
And his mouth ain't like a shark's!
I thought he was a bogle —
All over dollar-marks I .
Them picture fellows ain't no good
At makln' pictures true:
His head's as Mr as any one's—
And he's good-lookln'. tool
And he's whoopin' up MeKinley—
Hurrah, that's just the stuff!
Wouldn't I like to do It, too.
If I was big enough!
MARCUS MORREIX.
Oakland, Cal., Oct. 3. 1900.
IS ,THATMARKHANNA,MAMMA?
I — ;ROM reports that come to us of the Indianapo-
I lis convention of Democratic clubs it appears
the affair has fallen flat and is virtually a com
plete failure. Instead of the grand gathering of stal
wart Bryanites "one hundred thousand strong," as
was expected by sanguine leaders and loudly pro
claimed through the yellow journals, there were on
the opening day less than 2000, and many, of those
were from local clubs. Nor was the oratory of the
cccrsion in any way superior to the assembly. In
stead of an array of men who could speak with au
ti ority for the party there were only a lot of freak
stump speakers like "Ham" Lewis and "Golden Rule"
Jones.
There is something surprising in all that, and it is
net eas> to understand it. Indiana has been for many
a year the storm center of American politics. In no
other State are Presidential elections carried on with
anything like the fervor and the uproar that mark
the struggles for the Hoosier vote. During the/Oc
tobers of bygone Presidential years the contests in In
diana have been so lively that speechmaking and
parading were going on every night. Even in the
remotest rural districts the schoolhouses were re
rounding with political oratory at least four times a
w»ek, and it was no trouble at all to get 2000 men to
gether at any sort of a county rally. What has come
over Indiana, what has come over Democracy, that a
great national convention of organized clubs held in
the capital of the State fails to make a showing much
larger than could have been brought to the city in
ordir.ary times by a fairly good circus?
The disappointment caused by the lack of numbers
and enthusiasm in the convention appears to have de
pressed the speakers. Ham Lewis is not a statesman,
but he is one of the most picturesque figures in politi
cal life, and as a stump speaker he ranks among the
frst. Even the talk-wearied members of CongVess
used to leave the cloakrooms and the corridors and
throng the House when Ham Lewis had the floor. As
for Golden Rule Jones, he is an exhorter of national
renown. His campaign for Governor in Ohio demon
strated an ability for racy speech of a telling kind.
Yet b8th of these'men spoke on the first day at In
dianapolis without saying anything worth the saying
or arousing any enthusiasms or even tumult among
the listeners.
Lewis, it appears, contented himself with telling a
lot of funny stories which amused the crowd, and then
Jones began to preach to them. He is quoted as say
ing: "I am a socialist; I am a patriot— not a partisan
of any sort — and I have no hope in any party that now
is or ever shall be. My hope is in the good that is in
the human whole. I believe that on this continent
and under our flag is yet to be reared the co-operative
commonwealth that has been the dream of poets and
sages and prophets of all ages."
Such sentiments are not calculated to rouse party
enthusiasm, so it is not surprising the Democrats did
not greet them with cheers that make the "welkin
ring." There was a torchlight procession at night
that appears to have. been a fairly good show, and
with that much of success) the Bryanites will have to
be content.
THE BRYAN CLUB CONVENTION.
William Mahl. auditor for the Southern
Pacific, who has been in the city for sev
eral we'eka working on the company's an
nual report, will leave to-day for New
York- The report, which will show a big
gain in company earnings during the last
year, will be finished the last of the
month.
Mrs. Phalon, wife of J. W. Phalrfn, trav
eling passenger agent for the Great
Northern Railroad, has returned from
Portland, where she went to attend the
funeral of her father, the Hon. A. J.
Knott. who died there last week.
General A. W. Barrett and wife are
back . at their apartments in the Cali
fornia after an absence of a month in the
southern part of the State.
William Englund. a prominent attorney
at Marysville, accompanied by his two
daughters, is a guest at the Grand.
R. IT. Goode and G. W. Turner of the
United States geological survey at Wash
ington, are registered at the Occidental.
Rev. Fathers Kennedy and Elllis of Eu
reka and Nevada City, respectively, reg
istered at the Russ last evening.
John R. Fennell. rancher from Tehama
County. Is in the city for a few days and
Is stopping at the Palace.
W. A. Whitney Is at the Russ. haying
just returned from a profitable trip to
Nome.
Gilbert M. Walker, -\ large lumberman
at Minneapolis, is stopping at the Occi
dental.
F. H. Harvey of Gait is at the Grand.
G. C. Hyatt and wife of Stockton are at
the Grand.
Francis T. Underhill of Santa Barbara
is at the Palace.
Dr. J. E. Dreibrodt, a Chicago physi
cian, is at the Palace.
Don Campbell, merchant at Fort Worth.
Tex., is at the Palace.
George Schwinn, merchant at Huron, is
registered at the Grand.
O. Y. Woodward, a Woodward Island
capitalist, is at the Grand.
J. B. Chinn, an extensive rancher at
Porterville, is at the Grand.
Captain W. K. Wright of Fort Gibbon.
Alaska, is at the Occidental.
G. W. Towle, capitalist from Towle sta
tion, is reglstered.at the Grand.
John W. Lloyd, a mining man from
Randsburg, Is registered at the Palace.
PERSONAL MENTION.
"Why not?
"He says it hurts his feelings to see us
waste time in which we might be making
more mistakes."— Chicago Record.
He finds a flaw in nature's good;
Though everywhere bright blossoms nod.
No silver grows — 'tis golden-rod.
—Indianapolis Journal.
"Our boss won't let us offer any ex
cuses when we make mistakes."
When Bryan walks the autumn wood
Wattelle — Old Bullion fired you from
your job in his banking-house, did he?
What are you going to do to get even
with him?
Foyler d'Agayne— I am going to write to
him on a postal card and tell him I must
not be considered any longer an aspirant
for the hand of his daughter.— Chicago
Tribune.
Doctor— Don't ride to and from work.
You shouldn't sit down so much.
Patient— I don't. ...
Doctor— Ah, you walk, then?
Patient— No: I hang on to a strap
mostly. — Philadelphia Press.
A CHANCE TO SMILE.
Saying "Bad luck to Dan Donigan" or swearing at
Boss Croker will do no good in a matter of this kind.
The Times estimates that Tammany's circular will
raise for that organization from city officials only a
sum- of upward of $500,000. To that will be added
ruany other sums, for of course the Wiskinkie will
walk around by the -saloons, the gambling-houses and
oilier illicit places with as much alacrity as through
the departments of the city government. So large a
sum will go far to help the Bryanite campaign. It
therefore behooves the good citizen to be vigorous ?n
the fight to head off Bryanism and Tammany. The
issue is urgent, for ihe Wiskinkie'll get you — if 3-ou
don't look out.
So long as the Wiskinkie walks only in New York
we have in the matter only a curious interest;
but should Bryan be elected and the whole Federal
official world pass under control of Tammany, then
we shall see the Wiskinkie throwing legs across the
continent. Who shall be safe then?
From the simple statement "few Tammany men
ever refuse" it is easy to draw the conclusion that the
creature is one of the cakewalkers who takes the cake
every time. Beyond doubt the thing is a holy ter
ror, but whether Dan Donigan brought it from the
bogs of Ireland or bought it from Barnum's mu
seum we cannot say. It may be a hyena, or it may
be a fellow with a bit of a stick. It is sufficient to know
that when it walks the boldest tremble, and it warbles
the simple ballad, "Throw up your hands and give us
all you have."
Now concerning what sort o*f creature the Wis
kinkie may be there is no explanation given. There
is indeed in the article from which we quote a casual
statement that the Wiskinkie dates from "the days of
old when Dan Donigan went round and collected
money from officials who were backward in pay
ment," but no information is vouchsafed as to who
Dan Donigan was, or how long a time has passed
since the "old days." In the absence of any descrip
tion a cartoon would have been gratefully received,
tut even that has not been furnished. It seems to
have been regarded as all sufficient in New York to
make a simple announcement of the fact that if Tam
many's officials do not put up the coin requested by
the appreciative sachems the Wiskinkie will walk
round.
Commenting upon the circular and describing the
manner of its operation the Times states that Tam
ir.any expects from each of the faithful 5 per cent of
his annual salary. It adds: "The usual system
adopted is for some official in each department to
agree to hold himself responsible for the collection
and delivery of the money to the Tammany treasury.
As each official pays his assessment his name is
checked off the roll. Those who do not pay are noti
fied that cash is expected, and if this does not prove
effectual the Wiskinkie is sent around with the 'black
list' to make collections. Any man who refuses is
booked for severe discipline or the loss of his job.
Few Tammany men ever refuse."
NEW YORK papers announce that Tammany
Hall has sent round to all the city officials who
owe their positions to that organization a cir
cular which among other things says: "You are
known by the undersigned to be attached to our
cause, and your adherence to Democratic principles
has been shown heretofore by appreciated contribu
tions. We therefore feel warranted in again solicit
ing from you this year, so important to the Democ
racy, such a contribution as you may be pleased to
make for the purposes hereinbefore stated. You have
our assurance that every dollar raised will be pru
dently and economically expended."
THE WISKINKIS WfJLKS.
Fifth— Because the Democratic party, to
which I have given a life service, is tra
ditionally an expansion party, and the ac
quisition of the Philippine Islands is in
direct line with its traditions and doctrine:
doctrine that was not only promulgated
by the mentor and leading lights of tha
party, but has been incorporated into
Democratic platforms.
Fourth— It would he much more absurd
to surrender our possession to Aguinaldo
ar/d his marauding band of Interlopers,
after his more worthy and intelligent peo
ple have accepted the situation and arc
in favor of sustaining our Government,
merely because they impudently demand
as a right tho privilege of establishing an
independent government on American ter
ritory, than it would be to yield to tho
demands of the Alaskan Indians to set up
an independent government in Alaska. To
such demand I apprehend rfone of our
Democratic friends would think of acced
ing, notwithstanding the Alaskans are
"to the manner born." while Aguinaldo,
the Malay, and his followers are inter
lopers.
selves, -which -would certainly ensue If the
Tagallos should undertake to assert sov
ereignty over the other tribes, to say noth
ing of the humiliation of the American
people In surrendering their territory to
semi-savages, as Agulnaldo and his mur
derous band have proven themselves to
be in their barbarous treatment of Ameri
can prisoners, and the manner In which
they are now assassinating .American cit
izens and soldiers, and those of their own
people who have declared in favor of the
American Government.
It is gratifying to note that the efforts The Call has
made in the past to bring about the suppression of
Kinyounism in this city have been cordially seconded
in this instance by the Chronicle and the Bulletin.
Both of those journals have warmly condemned the
indignities offered by the quarantine officers to the
passengers of the Coptic and other steamers. ifi
short, the demand for Kinyoun's removal is well nigh
unanimous, and steps to achieve that end should be
taken at once.
There is no reason why there should be any delay
in dealing with offenses of this kind. Therefore it
would be well for both the Republican State Commit
tee and the Democratic State Committee to send to
Washington a statement of his misconduct, together
with a notice of the public demand for his removal.
There is no partisan feeling in the matter. It is, in
fact, one in which the two State committees might
even unite in a joint l-ote. Citizens of all parties are
wearied of the misconduct of Kinyoun, and hi;
prompt removal from an office whose powers he
misuses would be hailed as a public benefit.
San Francisco is a large city, while Kinyoun is a
small sort of a man, and under ordinary circumstances
our people could well afford to despise his malevo
lence. His official position, however, gives him power
to inflict grievous injuries upon the whole commu
nity. He has done his worst in the past to give the
impression that bubonic plague was raging here, and
his present tactics arc almost as serious a wrong. It
is time to bej?in to deal with Kinyoun in earnest. He
is unfit for the office; he is a menace to the prosper
ity of the port, and his removal should be insisted
t'pon by all parties.
QUARANTINE OFFICER KINYOUN his
once more given an illustration of his utter
unfitness for the office he holds, and this time
the exhibition has been' one of a particularly offensive
character. From the reports and complaints made by
passengers on the Coptic of the indignities to which
they were subjected by Kinyoun's subordinates it ap
pears that a gross outrage has been committed as
well as an act of official imbecility.
Ever since Dr. Kinyoun joined in the efforts of the
Board of Health to excite a bubonic plague scare in
this city, and had his ignorance of such subjects ex
pesed by the press, he has been seemingly animated
by a desire to injure the city in every and any way
possible. The manner in which the passengers on
the Coptic were treated will be reported far and wide,
and as a consequence other persons who are coming
from the Orient or from any of the Pacific islands to
the United States will seek admission at some other
port than this. No one will willingly expose him
self to the indignities as well as the delays of Kin
youn's quarantine, and accordingly the stream of pas
senger travel will to a considerable extent at least be
deflected elsewhere.
0N UNWORTHY OFFICIAL.
FRIDAY OCTOBER 5, 1900
JOHN D. SPRECKELS. Proprietor.
Address AH Communications to W. S. LEAKE. Manager.
MAVACr.n'S OFFICE Telephone l ]^5^L^i.
ITBLICATIOX OFF!CE...MiirU*t RDd Third, S. F.
Telephone I*re*n UO1 /
I'DITOniAI. ROOMS! 217 <o £21 Stevenson St.
Telephone l're«i» 2«>2.
Delivered ?§r rnrrier*. IS fpnlii Per Weelc.
Mnjrle Copies. 5 Cent".
Terra* by Mall. lne!n«lin»c i'ontnp*':
DATLY TAI.T. nnrluflitiK Sundav>. r. n . year **™
JVAIT^T CA1A, nnolurttng Funday). r. month! *•';„
DAIIvT <-AT,T. (Including Rnndav). 3 month* '¦¦""
KATI.T CAI.I — By Single Month
FT-XDAT CAM.. One T-ar If.
TVEKKLT CALL* One Year ' 00
All poRtinantrr* nre nnlhorlr.etl <o receive
«ali«<Tli><ion«.
Fatrrle copies ¦will tv» forwarded when requested.
Ms!l FutiR-riNTF irH rydering efcanr» "t 8rtdre«F should M
rsrt!ru!ar to pive both KEW ANT> OLD ADPUF-PS in order
to lr.Fure a preeipl and corrert compliance with their request.
OAKLAND OFKICIS II JS Broadvrnr
GEOnGR C. KROOXnsS,
Manager Fceign Adverting, Marquefe Buildinc Chicago
(Lor.* Distance Telephone "Central 1619.")
ICFTVr YORK ronRESPOXDrXT:
<¦"• C. CARLTOX Herald Square
NEW TOnK REPRESENTATIVE:
STKPIIEX II. SMITH n» Trlbnne Hnlldlnpr
XKW YORK N'nWK STANDS:
•^VaJaorf-AMrna Hotel; A. Drer.tano, 31 Union Scj'iari:
Murray Kill Hotel.
CHICAGO ICEW8 BTASTOS:
Pherman Ifnuse; P. O. News Co.: Great Northern Hotel:
Fremont House: Auditorium Hr.tel.
\VASin\OTO\ <T*. C> OFFICK MOO G St.. X. AV.
MORTO\ K. fU.WK. Correspondent.
nn i\ril OFFirKS "»7 M-ntsromery. <-.-*-Tier of Clay, open
"r.tli P:3:> oVlrw-k C*> Hayes, open until 9Z 1 * o'clock. 6VI
McAlliFter. open until S:DO o'clock. CIS T.irkin, rtvn until
*:ro o'clock. im Misfinn. open until U o'clock. KS1 Market.
crrner f=!vte*>nth. open until 9 o'clock. I09C Valencia, open
ruta 9 o'ciock. ]M Eleventh, open until 9 o'clock. NAV. cor-
DCT TmtMlf f COOj and Kentucky, open until 9 o'clock.
IN a letter of resignation addressed to
the Iroquols Club, the leading Sacra
mento Democratic organization, Judge
Hinkson states that he adheres to the
opinion that, not only as a wise politi
cal and commercial measure but as a
duty -to the inhabitants of the Phllippino
Islands, the islands should be retained
as United States territory and should be
governed as our other territories are gov
erned. Judge Hinkson writes that tho
Philippine Islands should be retained:
First — For the same reasons which
actuated the American people in forci
bly, and against the will of the Indians,
and at the expense of- many bloody wars,
in wresting their country from* them and
forcing them to submit to such laws as,
under the right of "power," and as a duty
to ourselves and to civilization, we were
pleased to enact for their government,
and because we could govern them better
than they could govern themselves.
Second— Because the remnant of the o«o
tribe that is in • rebellion, of the sixty
tribes of those islands, are Malay and Tar
tar interlopers Into the Philippine Islands,
and are there voluntarily, and therefore
are entitled to such rights only as the
Government in its wisdom may concedo
to them. *
Third— Because of the eight millions of
tho inhabitants (a majority of whom are
less civilized, less intelligent and less cap
able of se,lf-eovernment than were tho
Indians), a remnant of the tribe which
constitutes less than one-sixth of the pop
ulation, arrogantly demands that we shall
haul down our flag and surrender to them
the territory which we purchased from
the government to which it legally and
legitimately belonged. This, not only
that they may undertake the hopeless
task of governing themselves, without
experience or true knowledge of free in
stitutions, or the principles of a repub
lican government, but to govern the other
fifty-nine tribes, nearly every one of which
is hostile to them as well as to each other,
and at the expense of interminable an
archy and endless wars among them-
Ex-Superior Judge A. C. Hinkson
of Sacramento, who has been a stal
wart Democrat all his life, has re
nounced that party and declared his
intention to vote for William McKin
ley for President at the November
election. He declares he has al
ways trained and fought under the
Democratic banner and that he had
stood by Bryan even after Bryan had
declared against expansion, hoping
and believing that his views would
be modified by the Democratic plat
form, but he avers that he cannot fol
low the candidate into "the deep
waters into which the Democrats
have launched their new craft, and
¦which they have overladen -with re
trogression." Judge Hinkson was
cne of the vice presidents at the meet
ing in Sacramento addressed by-
Bryan on the occasion of his first
campaign.
EX-JUDGE HINKSON RENOUNCES
BRYAN FOR PRESIDENT McKINLEY
- • > a
A Democrat All His Life, but Will Cast a Re
publican Vote in November.
IN 1896 labor was largely unemployed. A majority,
of the men who were at work were on reduced
wages and short time. No memory is so short or
defective or so addled by prejudice as not to go back
clearly to that distressing time and recall its condi
tions. '
Upon those conditions Bryan then relied for election.
His greatest crowds were where labor's, distress was
the keenest. He told laborers that their idleness and
misery were due to the refusal of the Government to
coin silver free, at the ratio of 16 to i. He told them
they were victims of "the crime of 1873," and that
their oppressor was ihe gold standard.
He denounced low prices as the result of that stan
dard. In his acceptance speech in Madison-square
Garden he said: "We believe that while the struggle
for gold goes on other things must become cheap,
and as we increase the demand for gold it must de
crease the price of all those things which are ex
changed for gold. We believe that the falling of
prices is destructive of the energies, industries and
hopes of the toiling masses of the United States and
the world."
Now under the gold standard prices have risen an
average of 50 per cent since 1896. Labor, then un
employed and with nothing to buy with, largely
dependent on charity, or upon work planned and exe
cuted for charitable purposes, like the Balboa boule
vard in this city, is now employed, not only at wages
far above the average then, but with the opportunity
to work every day, and in many lines at overtime for
extra pay.
In this situation Colonel Bryan finds a grievance in
high prices as he did in low prices in 1896 when he
talks to laboring men, but when he talks to farmers
and primary producers he tells them prices for what
they sell are not high enough. Wheat, beef, mutton,
pork, wool and corn have advanced in the hands of
the producer an average of about 36 per cent. Cot
ton has advanced in the hands of the planter 100 per
cent. As Bryan said four years ago that "falling of
prices is destructive of thp energies, industries, and
hopes of the toiling, masses of the United States and
the world," it is evident that he meant that rising
prices were promotive of the energies, industries and
hopes of the toiling masses. But to-day he is de
nouncing high prices as the sum of all villainies! It
U a work of difficulty to have patience with a man
who is a pretender to the Presidency and who regu
larly swallows himself, turns on his tracks and plays
demagogue, as he does.
Four years ago he said the gold standard had emp
tied the dinner-pail 01 the laborer.
At Kansas City he addressed several thousand
packing-house workmen, a class of well paid labor,
saying: '"If we ask the Republicans why for
three and a half years they have failed to give the
laboring man' protection from government by injunc
tion the only answer is that the laboring man has a
full dinner-pail, and he ought not to object to govern
ment by injunction if the dinner-pail is full. But, my
friends, the dinner-pail argument is an insult to the
workingman, and the dinner-pail argument will not
last through this campaign. I want to ask the la
boring man if he is content to live and die with noth
ing more than a full dinner-pail. Man is of three-fold
nature; he has his body, his brains and his heart,
and the laboring man has need of something more
than three full meals a day. He needs time for intel
lectual development."
It is hardly possible that the plainest pig-sticker in
his audience does not know that preceding all intel
lectual culture or the leisure that may be used in the
higher things of life must be the provision for phy
sical existence.
It is as if Bryan ha'l said: "Your full dinner-pail is
no good; throw your abundant food awfly and culti
vate your minds." In 1896 the dinner-pail was empty.
Laborers had no work nor wages. They had all the
time there was; how much intellectual development
did they get?
They were not burdened with three full meals 1
day, nor one. They were eating the hard bread ai*i
thin soup of charity, and had plenty of leisure for cul
ture.
Again, what has government by injunction to do
with them? Many own their homes. If another
persistently intrude upon their property, make it un
tenable, reduce the happiness or profit in its use, they
apply for an injunction to protect their property. It
is made perpetual and they live under what this
demagogue calls government by injunction. If_the
party enjoined continue his intrusion and annoyance
the court that issued the decree arrests and punishes
him for contempt of it? order. The injunction is for
rich and poor alike; it protects the property of all,
and there is not one-tenth of one per cent of the in
telligent supporters of Bryan who would think for a
moment of robbing courts of the right to indepen
dently enforce their decrees.
Indeed, it passes belief that any intelligent man,
who knows the origin of the rights of property and
the judicial independence required for the protection
of those rights, could think of supporting such raw,
bold demagogy and dangerous appeals to the pas
sions of men against the very institutions which pro
tect their rights.;- .'"
BRYAN AND THE L0BOR VOTE.
BROOKLYN EAGLE— If Mr. Bryan fa
sincere he is the biggest fool whom nny
considerable party ever nominated for
high office. He has found substantially
every proposition which he advanced fon
years ago disproved by the experience of
his countrymen in the past forty-eight
months, and yet he repeats them anew
and uses what every one else regards a*
the proof of his error to substantiate tho
correctness of his assertions.
NEW YORK POST— Almost every day
brings news of wage scale agreements in
conference of employers and employe?,
and of strikes averted for a longer or
shorter period, while the Industrial war
which has been waging in the anthracite
fields the last fortnight furnishes a sad
example of the economic waste and need
less suffering Involved In the strike meth
od of adjusting grievances.
PHILADELPHIA ENQUIRER— Everv
dance hall, every gambling hell, every
green goods man, every "shover of th»»
queer," every den of Infamy in New York
City must pay tribute through Tammany
to the campaign fund which permits Mr.
Stone to enjoy himself at the Hoffman
House. ' Mr. Cockran to travel In luxury
and Mr. Bryan to make use of a car with
palatial appointments.
BOSTON HERALD— What we do expect
to see In the next six weeks Is a steady
weakening of the Democratic ranks wher
ever the Republicans really make a fight
to win. They have the means and the or
ganization to fight hard and successfully.
They have only begun to put forth their
power. The blunders of their opponents
will fight for them. Bryan Is the always
conspicuous blunder.
NEW YORK TRIBUNE— What a tri
umph It would be for Industry If not nine
tenths nor three-quarters, but even one
half of the potentiality of coal could be
utilized! The cost of power would thus be
materially reduced and the final exhaus
tion of the coal deposits— which Is merely
a question of time — would be postponed
for years, perhaps for centuries.
CLEVELAND LEADER— Opposition to
the trusts is not a political question. Every
man who thinks right, whether he be Re
publican, . Democrat, Populist or Prohi
bitionist. Is agal»st the monopolistic com
binations of capital. Bryan makes a po
litical question of It simply because he
represents the party that is out.
NEW YORK PRESS— The flreless
hearth In the New York tenement this
winter, like the empty cupboard In th»
Pennsylvania mining patch, will be duo
to the operation of the cardinal principle
of the Bryanlte politician's belief that out
of the human misery of industrial strife
are bred Bryanlte votes.
CHICAGO TRIBITXE— Many *ad words
are said about the hard lot of the young
and old men of this day. but. all things
considered, they are better off than they
would have been had they lived a century
ago. Then there were fewer oppnrtunltio*
for the ynunp man and old age came much
sooner than it does now.
ST. LOUIS POST DISPATCH— The fa
mous "Yellow Terror" has not yet ma
terialized. But continued fighting woul.l
tend to organize, train and infuriate th«
Chinese horde. The menace of overwhelm
ing numbers of men quick to learn an<l
fighting for their homes and altars la not
to be despised.
BALTIMORE AMERICAN"— Unless In
th<» formation of the Cuban government
steps are taken to prevent them, the same
scandal* will nrise which have provoked
the Interference of European powers In
Haytl and San Domingo, and there Is
always more or Ies3 danger in sucn in
terferences.
PHILADELPHIA RECORD-Demo<v
racy had a great opportunity to obtain
control of the Government and to brlns
it back to its constitutional grooves They
lost their opportunity by abandoning
Democracy first for Populism and after
ward for Crokerlsm.
SPRINGFIELD REPUBLICAN-^ the
railroads of the Pennsylvania coal region
were confined strictly to the duties of a
common carrier coal would sell at ma
terially lower rates In this part of the
country and the miners would no doubt
receive fairer treatment.
BALTIMORE HERAU>-G«neral Fitz
hugh Lee says that the American troops
cannot be withdrawn from the Philippines
until there is peace, and the general ha*
the reputation of befng a pretty pood
Democrat. He also possesses patriotism
and common sense.
CHICAGO JOURNAL-The £M ca S2
Raw Food Society is a body of advanced
dietarians. They are zealous disestab
lishmentarians of the customs, that make
mankind the slaves of the «»k3 They
are stern pioneers in the anti-dyspeptic
method of eating.
OMAHA BEE— Desertion of Bryan by
the newspaper correspondents who form
erly formed an escort for him in all his
tours and expeditions has much signifi
cance Newspaper men never drop a good
thing until It la worn out as a news sub
ject.
ST. LOUIS REPUBLIC-The Chinese
have the same right to their territory that
¦we have to ours. Because the empires of
the Old World are eager to besrin the loot-
Ing of China is' no reason why we should
Join them in their sin.
DALLAS NEWS-If Porto Rico had
fought us as the Filipinos are flght
lns us it might have had more consid
eration. But. having given us no trouble,
we will not be troubled about her poor,
little petty, affairs.
Views of the Press
on Topics of the
limes.
UP-TO-DATE
EDITORIAL
UTTERANCE
be timely for the Pacific Coast delegations at the na
tional capital to insist that the coast shall have a
representative upon the commission. This part of
the Union is perhaps more seriously affected by
freight discriminations than any other in the Union,
because it is furthest from the centers of -population
where the great markets are. In the increased orders
for freightcars, therefore, we may see a proof of an
increased need for Pacific Coast men to get together
and stand together in defense of Pacific Coast inter
ests. We may be sure that when all the thousands of
new locomotives and freightcars are ready for the
roads and for business there arc going to be a great
many readjustments in transportation, and we, must
be prepared to protect our interests,' for no one else
will.
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, OCTOBER 5, 1900.
SACRAMENTO JURIST TVHO
OPPOSES THE DEMOCRATIC
STANDARD BEARER.
Fred Burmeister, Warren, 111., had to
pay the city $1 for allowing his horse to
eat grass on the street while he stepped
into his house on an errand.
The Police Commissioners have installed their
augustselves in the -Hall of Justice, and those famous
pictures are but a memory of civic pride. The gallery
has lost four gems.
Observing citizens have been trying to give a mean
ing t<? the letters "S. F. P." which are fastened on
the collars of our local, long-suffering policemen.
Perhaps the letters indicate the ownership of Sulli
van, Fay and Phelaa.
Mayor Phelan's hired men seem to have a very
deep opinion of one another's umvorth. Even the
Supervisors declare that the Board of Public Works
and the Board of Education are fearfully and won
derfully constituted, v-v^
It has named its new exhibit of Pacific
Coast products the Pacific Commercial
Museum, and its managers announce their
determination to collect samples of the
products of all the world for the Instruc
tion and enlightenment of Pacific Coast
merchants and manufacturers.
As Philadelphiana know by experience
the value of their own Commercial Mus
eum as an agency for the promotion of in
creased trade, they can commend San
Francisco business men for adopting the
idea and putting it in practice, and they
will waive all credit for the Invention.
Philadelphia never applied for a patent
Tight on its Commercial Museum, and is
only too glad to know that other cities
can adopt and profit by the same sort of
an institution without being compelled to
pay a royalty.
Enlarging the commerce of San Fran
cisco or any other city will not detract
from that of Philadelphia, and Philadel
phia does not want a monopoly of all the
good things that are'going.
6
Cal. glace fruit 50c per It) at Townsend's.'
Special Information supplied dally to
business houses and public men by the
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's). 510 Mont-
gomery st. Telephone Main 1042. -;• '
A geographic board in the Dominion of
Canada settles all questions aa to the cor-
rect spelling of geographic names in th<»
Dominion.
icorfig-ISl&f <S52S& vo*.
are dangerous; they weaken
the constitution, inflame the
lungs, and often lead to
Pneumonia. Cough syrups
are useless. The system must
be given strength and force
to throw off the disease.
will dc this. It strengthens
the lungs and builds up the
entire system. It conquers
the inflammation, cures the
cough, and prevents serious
crouble.
AMUSEMENTS.
A!.-ar.ar— "TVe T*n? of Tennessee."
Tivrin- "Faust."
Columbia— **A Night in Town."
California — "Faust."
Alhair.lira— "That Man."
<"»ri>hpun-.— Vaudeville.
Grani Op«*ra -linu«e— "Th<» Pporting Purh<-s«."
OlymrU. cnrr.T MaFon an.1 Eddy Ftrrets-Ppeclaltiex.
Chuff, Zoo and Theater— Yau-Jcvil'e every afternoon and
Ki*rher> -Vaudeville.
Futm Rat hs— Ojien nights.
AUCTION SALES.
By "Wm. P.utt«>rfiel.1— Tliis <1ay, at 11 o'clock. Furniture, at
I OOP Golden c,at«> avenue.
ADV3RTI3EMENT3.The new company has had a representa
tive in this city for some time and he
has secured the necessary docking- facili
ties in this city as well as In Vallejo. The
company's charter permits it to operate a
system of passenger and freight boats not
only on the San Francisco Bay and ad
jacent waters but also to any part of the
world. • .-•
In addition to the passenger service the
company is to make a feature of the
freight department There is a great deal
of traffic between this city and San Pablo
Bay points, and It Is proposed to take all
the protltablfe freight that goes between
the two places.
The ultimate intention of the company
is to extend its scope to take in the coast
wise trade in addition to the local busi
ness.
H. B. Sharp of thla city Is to be the
general manager in all probability. He Is
the originator of the scheme. The com
pany will purchase one fast steamer ira-
San Francisco, Marc Island and Vallejo
will be the landing points of a new pas
senger and freight steamboat line that
•will soon begin operation. A syndicate
composed of New York and San Francisco
capitalists has taken hold of the project
and articles of Incorporation have Just
been obtained in New Jersey. The. cor
poration will be known as the California
Rapid Navigation Company, with a capi
tal stock of $100,000.
New York and San Fran
cisco Capitalists Are the
Promoters.
NEW STEAMBOAT
LINE FOR BAY
Time Ball.
Branch Hydrographtc Office, U. S. N., Mer
chants' Exchange, San Francisco, Cal.,
October 4, 1900.
The time ball on the tower of the new Ferry
building was dropped at exactly noon to-day —
I. e.,. at noon of the 120th meridian, or at 8
o'clock p. m. Greenwich time.
C. G. CALKINS.
Lieutenant Commander, U. S. N., in charge.
NOTE.— In the above exposition of the. tides
the early morning tides are Riven In the left
hand column and the successive tides of the
day in th«> order of occurrence as to lime of
the day. »he third time column the third tide
and the last or right hand column prlves the
last tide of the day. except when there are but
three tides, as sometimes occurs. The heights
Siren are in addition to the soundlne on the
United States Coast Survey charts. - except
when a minus bIkti ( — > precedes the height,
and then the number given Is subtracted from
the depth given by the charts. The plane of
reference Is the mean of the lower low waters.
FRIDAY. OCTOBER 8.
Sun rises g : <i$
Sun sets 5-47
Moon seta 2:35 a . ra .
NOTE.— The high and low waters occur at
the city front (Mixslon-street wfcarf) about
twenty-five minutes later than at Fort Point;
the height ot tide 1b the same at both places.
Sun, Moon and Tide.
United States Coast and Geodetic Survey-
Times and Heights of High and Low
• "Waters at Fort Point, entrance to San
Francisco Bav. Published by official au
thority of the Superintendent.
NEW YORK— Sailed Oct 4— Stmr L"Aqultalne.
for Havre; stmr Columbia, for Havre; stmr
Frlederlch der GroEs», for Bremen, via South
ampton.
BOSTON— Arrived Oct 4— Stmr Avernla. from
Liverpool.
ST VINCENT— Arrived Oct 4— Stmr Seraphls,
from San Francisco, etc.
LIVERPOOL— Sailed Oct 4— Stmr Numldlan,
for Montreal.
LONDON— Sailed Oct 4—Stmr Montevldcan,
for Montreal; uttnr Minnesota, for New York.
QUEENSTOWN— Sailed Oct 4— Stmr Ger
manic, from Liverpool, for New York.
YOKOHAMA— Arrived prior to Oct 3— Stmr
China, from San Francisco, via Honolulu, for
Nagasaki, Shanghai and Hongkong; stmr Idz
uma Mam, from Seattle, for Kobe. Mojl and
HonskonK.
LIVERPOOL — Sailed Oct 4 — Stmr Vancouver,
for Quebec and Montreal; stmr Commonwealth
(new), for Boston.
ROTTERDAM-Salled Oct 4— Stmr Amster
dam, for Boulogne and New York.
OCEAN STEAMERS.
YOKOHAMA— Arrived Oct 2— Br stmr Doric,
hence SejH 15.
FOREIGN PORTS.
PANAMA— Arrived Sept 22— Stmr Peru, hence
Sailed SeTit 19— Stmr San Jose, for San Fran
cisco.
BEACHY HEAD— Passed Oct 3— Br ship Jes
somene, hence ADril 2?.
COLON— Sailed Oct 5— Stmr Finance, for New
ST VINCENT. C V— Arrived Oct 4— Ger stmr
Seraphi*. hence July 7, for Hamburg.
HONGKONG— Arrived Oct 3— Br ship Queen
Margaret, from Naw York.
SAN BLAS— Sailed Sept 20— Schr Czar, for
DELAWARE BREAKWATER— Arrived Oct
4— Ship It D Rice, from Honolulu.
EASTERN PORT.
ASTORIA— Sailed Oct 4— Stmr Geo W Elder,
for San Francisco; Br ship Genista, for Queens
town.
FORT BRAGG— Sailed Oct 4— Stmr Xoyo, for
San Francisco.
SEATTLE— Arrived Oct 4— Stmr Santa Ana.
DOMESTIC PORTS,
POINT I/DUOS', Oct 4, 10 p m— Weather
cloudy; wind SE, velocity 16 miles.
TELEGRAPHIC.
The XJ S stmr Ranger dragged her anchor
this morning: and drifted down on th» U S
stmr Marlon, lying at anchor In the bay. The
latter had boats and davits smashed on port
side. Former had foretopmast carried away
and smashed gig.
COLLISION
Thursday, October 4.
Stmr Del Norte, Allen, Portland and way
ports.
Stmr Walla Walla, Hall. Victoria and Port
Townsend.
Stmr Corona, Glelow, San Dieco.
Stmr Greenwood, Faeerlund, Greenwood.
Schr William Renton. Jensen. Tacoma.
Schr Lettitla, Gronberg. Coos Bay.
Fchr Ralph J Long. Islgkelth. Sluslaw River.
Schr Mary C, Campbell, Fort Ross.
SAILED.
;..•"-¦ Thursday, October 4.
Stmr Walla Walla. Hall. Victoria and Puget
Sound; Goodall, Perkins & Co.
Br stmr Moana, Carey, Honolulu and Syd
ney.
Mr stmr Carlisle City, Paterson, Seattle; Cali
fornia and Oriental S P Co.
Ship Edward Sewall. Sewall. Liverpool: Bal
four, Guthrle & Co.
Ship George Skolfleld, Street. Port Arthur;
American Trading Co.
CLEARED.
Shipping Intelligence.
ARRIVED.
Thursday, October 4.
Stmr Luella, Madsen, 18 hours from Caspar.
Stmr Argo, Curtis, 62 hours from Coqullle
River.
Stmr Gipsy, Leland, 34 hours from Moss
Landing.
Stmr Bontta. NIcolson. 72 hours from New
port (S). etc.
U S stmr Wisconsin. Pillsbury. 68 hours from
Seattle.
Br stmr Carllsia City. Paterson. 43 days from
Hongkong:, via Yokohama 31 days, via Hono
lulu 1* days, via San Diego 40 hours.
The ship George M. Pkofleld cleared yester
day for Port Arthur with the following cargo,
valued at $15,440: 493S bales hay, 1127 ctls bar
ley, 600 bbls beef.
Hay and Feed for China.
64,799 lbs tallow, 45,400 lbs copper matU, 14 cs
household Roods, ICO cs honey, 42,000 feet lum
ber dunnage.
TO ARRIVE.
Steamer Movements.
LIZARD— Passed Oct 5, 1:25 a m— Stmr La
Gascogne, from New York, for Liverpool; etmr
Aller. from New York, for Bremen.
(Concluded.)
Ever smce the days when Adam set
forth from Eden man has loved the ex
citement and the joy of adventure and
daring travel. Hence in every age of the
world there have been those who have
taken their lives in their hands, and.
Journeying forth into parts of the world
remote from the scones of their youth,
have braved perils and even death in the
hope of being able to go' where man had
never been before and see things which
man had never seen before.
It has been from the enthusiasm of ad
venturous spirits such as these that the
extension of geographical knowledge
which most strikingly affects the Imagina
tion of the world In general has had its
origin. Columbus was among these spirits.
So, too, were Cabots and Sir
Francis Drake. So, too. were Prince Fer
dinand of Portugal and Vasco da Gama.
So, too, were Sir Walter Raleigh, Henry
Hudson and Captain Cook. And so have
been many others who have won fame
as the*e men won it — by dint of their
ardor for discovering and exploring parts
unknown.
In the field of geographical exploration
the century opened with the exploits of
Alexander von Humboldt, In whom the
ardor of the discoverer and explorer con
joined with an intense scientific ardor and
a high power of felicitous literary expres
sion to produce perhaps the greatest and
most remarkable contributor to geograph
ical knowledge the world has ever known.
Humboldfs travels and observations— In
the West Indies. In South America and
In Mexico — constituted a new era in geo
graphical effort. But Humboldt's work
for geography was not most character
istically seen In what he did for the mere
extension of its domain, in the numberless
items of positive information which he
contributed to Its store. His most note
worthy achievement lay In the two fact3
(1) that he was perhaps the first of all
the great geographers to deal with geo
graphy as an exact science, and (2> that
he made the scientific side of geographi
cal study popular with the masses of the
people. Captain Ccok was the only man
antecedent to Humboldfs time whope
work for geography was at all compar
able with his. But even Cook's work,
great as It was, was slight compared with
that of Humboldt.
An "ignis fatuus" of geographical ex
plorers for many years was the hope of
discovering a "northwest passage" from
the Atlantic to the waters of Asia. In
the first third of the century there were
many expeditions that had for their ob
ject this— as «? now know It to be—im
practicable achievement. Among the
more" famous of these were the various
expeditions commanded by the two
Rosses. Sir John and Sir James, and their
friend Parry. Though all the "northwest"
expeditions commanded by these famous
navigators were failures, so far as their
main object was concerned, nevertheless
they all were extremely useful In making
known and definite the geographical fea
tures of the northern part of this conti
nent. It should be borne in mind that It
was Sir James Ross who. In 1S31, won the
great distinction of locating the north
magnetic pole. On the 1st of June of that
year he fixed the flag of his nation at a
¦ spot in Boothia Felix where he found the
"dip" of the magnetic needle of the sur
veyor's compass to be so great that the
i needle stood on end and pointed vertically
I downward.
But the principal interest of the world
in Northwest discovery attaches to the
ill-fated expedition which in 1*43 set out
.from England to effect the passage to
Asia by way of Arctic waters under the
command of ths veteran explorer Sir
John Franklin. After the ships of this
expedition had entered Davis Straits they
never were seen again. There were three
years of anxious waiting. Then it was
known that they had met with some fatal
mishap. Expedition after expedition was
sent out to obtain if possible some trace
of the heroic navigator, his men or his
ships, but it was not until 1S35 that any
positive information as to the fate of the
lost ones could be obtained. And this in
formation, sad as it was. was as meager
as it was sad. It was learned that every
soul had perishf-d. and that was all. And
yet Franklin and his fellow heroes had
solved the problem they had set out to
solve. They had passed from Atlantic
waters to Pacific waters. But the prob
lem, though solved, was useless. The
achievement could never be practically re
peated.
A second great field of geographical ex
ploration and discovery in the nineteenth
century has been the Antarctic Ocean.
Especially was this so in the twenty-five
years that extended from 1S20 to 1S43. The
principal hero of Antarctic discovery so
far has been Sir James Ross, of magnetic
pole fame, but the regions of the Antarc
tic seas are still in great part unknown.
It is supposed that a vast mass of land
au continent, one larger. Indeed, than the
continent of Australia— surrounds the
south pole, but this is in reality only a
surmise. If land does exist there (its ex
istence Is merely inferred from geological
indications— It has been actually seen in
only one or two places) it is supposed to
be in large part covered with ice of great
thickness— from twelve to twenty-four
miles of thickness, as some say. But all
this is only conjecture. Little positive
knowledge of the region has been obtain
ed. "Antarctica" Is to-day the one great
remaining "terra Incognita" of the; world.
A third great field of geographical
achievement has been Asia. In India—
Not* — An examination upon this course
| as a basis for the granting of certificate'*
will be published on Friday, October 12.
Perhaps, however, particular mention
i should be made of Australia. That gre:ir
continent was at the be:?innln?T of the cen-
I tury. except for one or two points on in
j extreme outer pdsres. altogether unknown.
: Its general contour, however, was known.
I but as its* possession lay in the hands nl
! Great Britain It was a region of no great
; concern to the rest of tne world. And «t»,
; though in Australia the course of rp>
; graphical exploration and discovery sin re?
i the beginning of the century has been as
! active and as remarkable as elsewhere, it
j has made but little impression upon the
j popular imagination elsewhere. Australia
1 Is to-day what it has b^en from almo>r
the beginning of its history— a land of
which the rest of the world has vasu"»
.Ideas and uncertain knowledge. Its maps
f have remained always the ?am<*. exrent ;a
details. J. E. BRYANT.
Philadelphia.
There have been, of course, during th«
last ICO years many instances of daring
enterprise undertaken Jn behalf of the ex
tension of geographical knowledge othtr
1 than those mentioned in the preceding
paragraphs. But those mentioned have
been the most conspicuous ones — that is
to say. thf have been those which have
most noticeably affected popular cartog
raphy. Such expeditions as those of
Greely. Peary and Nar.sen to the Arctic
regions in recent years, though of the
highest scientific importance, do not im
press the popular Imagination in that
most effective of all ways in respect M
things geographical — namely, tne making
of maps. Our knowledge of the cin-um
.polar regions of the north, while from
year to year it is getting more and more
precise, still remains in its general fea
tures much the same as it was in Frank
lin's time.
When Livingstone. Baker and Stanley
were finishing th^ir labors Africa w,n
still In great measure an unappropriated
natural domain. Eut since 1SS0, or. more
properly speaking, since 1SS», an impor
tant change has been brought about In
the map of Africa. The great nations of
Europe, especially Great Britain. Franco
and Germany, have assumed sovereignty
over vast regions which ever before had
been without regular government or with
out other government than such as white
men deem to be uncivilized. .Africa to
day is thoroughly partitioned. Scarcely n
square mile of It remains (except in tha
extreme north) that is not parceled out as
the domain of some European power. In
this respect, however. Africa ia but the
subject of a destiny which, in one form or
other, has been common to all the other
continents of the wor!<i save Europe and
Asia.
India is, indeed, a- leader in this phase
ot v«'"HTHt>lii<-:ii worn, ami thf fact snuulil
he mentioned in any general survey of
the world's geographical achievement,
however slight. But outside of India the
inwiiiist ..t tno wcrlil in respect to Asia
remains pretty much the same — in kind,
that is to say— as It was a hundred years
ago. although a number of individual
travelers have given us much new posi
tive information respecting Central Asia
—Tibet, the Pamir tableland. Turkestan.
Afghanistan, etc. Asiatie civilization is
moribund, or at best inert. It neither ad
vances of Its own vitality nor assimilates
the vitality of western civilization. On
the surface of the globe Asia may be de
picted as for the most part one vast area
of intellectual stagnation.
The greatest of all fields of geographical
achievement in this century has teen
Africa, In that continent alone have the
exploits of explorers and discoverers
equaled in greatness of conception. !n
daringness of attempt. In success of exe
cution, in magnitude of result the exploits
of the hero explorers and discoverers of
former centuries — of Drako and Raleigh,
for example, or of Cook cr James Bruce.
The list of African explorers whose ;l!s
coveries have add<»<l luster to the geo
graphical annals of this century is a long
and almost continuous one. Bevrinrung
with the youthful hero Mungo Park, who
perished on the Miser— the great river
he was the first white man to navigate —
ere the century was well begun, the list
includes such great names as Clapperton.
who continued Park's investigations of
the upper courses of the Niger and dis
covered Lake Chad; Clapperton's frienJ.
Rlchanl Lanc'er. who rtxeti the course of
the Niger and traced it to the ocean (pre
vious to this th« Niger had been suppose.!
Identical with the Congo*: the heroic
Barth, the great successful explorer of
Central Africa; the accomplished anil
learned -Burton ard Ms companion, the
daring, restlr&s Spek<?, the explorers of the
age-notorious fallacy of the "Mountains
rf the Moon." and the discoverers of Lake
Tanganyika and the Victoria Nyanza;
3peke again and his companion. Grant.
who traced the White Nile to its source
in the Victoria Nyar.z.-i and discovered the
great kingdom of Uganda; Baker, who
opened up tba White Nile to commerce
and discovered the ?econd great reservoir
of the Nile, the Albert Nyanza, and who
was elso the first great explorer of the
Sudan; Livingstone, the great explorer
of Southern Africa, the discoverer of Lake
Ngami. the Zambesi and Lake Nyassa.
?.n<t the first explorer of the Congo basin;
Cameron, who first traversed the conti
nent from sea to sea, and finally Stanley,
the great explorer who traced th«» Congo
from Its sources In the lakes of South
Central Africa to the ocean.
that is to say. in British India— for ex
ample, there has been a trigonometrical
survey of the whole country the like of
¦which in general completeness and mathe
matical accuracy has been accomplished
only in the British Islands, Western Eu
rope, some parts of Japan and some parts
of the United States and Canada.
goods, "03 rbs cheese, 71 bdls cordage, 4600 Iba
chocolate, M.D70 tbs dried fruit. 17 c» drugs.
37..6O0 lbs fertilizer. P60 bxs fruit, 413 pkgs gro
ceries and provisions, 156 cs hardware, 9 pkgd
household goods, 11 bdls iron, 514 feet lumber.
75 bxa lemons, *52.450 lbs malt, 6600 lbs mlll-
Ptufffl. 14 crs melons. 12 pkgs machinery, 24
era onions. 5 pkgs> olives". 150 cs pa*te. 4 bdls
paper, 350 cs raisins, 400 rbs, sugar, 5 bxs sweet
potatoes, 6 bdls «plce. 60 cs stove polish. 6 cs
sporting goods, 46,000 lbs salt, 8 cb typewriters,
20 cs whisky, 947 gals wine, 8 crs vegetables,
S cs S bbls oil.
For Australia— 110 cs codfish. 14,980 rbs hops.
100 cs canned fruit: value, $3347.
For Lowell, Mass.— 500 cs canned salmon;
value. 12500.
For Cincinnati— 10S bbls pickled cherries;
value. $3240.
For Minneapolis — 330 cs salmon; value. $1750.
For St. Paul— 1C0 ca salmon; value, $1578.
Total value of cargo, $27,9€S.
Large Shipment of Canned Goods.
The ship Edward Sewall cleared yesterday
for Liverpool with cargo valued at J43S.SD3,
including the following: S1.0S6 ctls wheat,
62,582 cb canned fruit, 45,363 cs canned salmon,
Matters of Interest to Mariners and
Shipping Merchants.
The Fervaal loads wheat for Europe, 40a 6<S,
recbartered prior to arrival; the Slrlug, wheat
from Portland to Europe, 3"a 6d, prior to ar
rival.
An Additional Manifest.
In addition to cargo' previously reported the
brig Galilee, which cleared Tuesday for Ta
hiti, carried the following merchandise, valued
at $7633: 2400 lbs 100 mats rice, 42 pkg« gro
ceries and provisions. 154 cs hardware, 30S4 tba
bread, 6 drums naphtha, 26,957 feet lumber, 25
cs oil, 7 pkjfs saddlery, 22 crs wapon material,
212 bbls flour, 1000 lbs salt, 10 cs paints anj
oil?, 10 < :s bicycles :u:<l sundries, 6 pkgs mill
stuffs. 43 cs canned goods. 27 cs dry goods.
270 rbs cheese. 11+0 Tbs lard. 102 cs calmon, 3
bbls pork, 9 ska bran. S3 ctls barley, 1745 1W
beans. 11 c« soap, 6 coils cordage, 6 pkps crock
pry, 12 ctls wheat, 5 crs potatoes, 235 crs mill
work, 5 reels wire rope. 21 kefcs spikes, 12
bales oakum, 2 bbls cement. 66 bdls iron.
Merchandise for Victoria.
The steamer Walla "Walla, which Failed yes
terday, carried a general cargo for Victoria
and the usual shipments of canned goods for
the Eastern States. The cargo included the
following:
For Victoria— Value, $15,553: 22 cs arms and
ammunition, 2 bbls baking powder. 67S0 lbs
beans, 15 pkgs Chinese provisions. SS<5 cs canned
RANGER AND MARION COLLIDE.
Two Old Men-o'-War Bump Together
in Midstream.
The naval reserve ship Marion and the
United States ship Ranger were In colli
sion yesterday morning and both were
damaged about the lower rigging and
along the rails. The Ranger was lying to
the south of the Marion and a strong
flood tide was running. There was a
stronger breeze from the southeast, how
ever, and this drove the Rang_jy and the
Marion against the tide until they both
lay bows on to the city.
The Ranger's anchor was foul and she
commenced to drift do%vn on the Marion.
Before anything could be done she struck
the naval reserve ship on the port quarter
and fouled the boats that were hanging
there in the davits. In the meantime the
Ranger's engine had been started,' and as
she drew astern she raked the Marion
with her Jibboom right down her port
side, carrying away some of her head
gear and her lighter rigging. The jibboom
of the Ranger was sprung and her head
gear was damaged. The Marion had also
two boats crushed and a pair of heavy
davits bent.
NEWS OF THE OCEAN.
THK Wisconsinn returned from
Seattle early yesterday morning
after a great run down of flfty
eight hours. She went right up
the bay and anchored in her old
berth off the Union Iron Works.
The battleship is in good trim after her
run north. Her officers and men have
nothing but praise for the way she be
haved. On the way up she ran into the
big storm of September 23 and 24. She left
hero Saturday/ September 22, and was
well up the coast when she struck the
gale. It was a terrlfic*blow, but the big
battleship behaved splendidly. She proved
herself a wonderful seaboat and as quick
to obey her helm as a yacht.
For hours she bucked, into the big seas,
going easily at ten knots with seventy
four turns to the minute and taking ver..'
little water aboard. But the storm grew
worse and soon the green seas were com
ing in over the bow and rushing aft as
far as the superstructure. There was
nothing forward they could hurt, how
ever, so she kept on. She shipped some
big ones, though, among them being one
that climbed aft as far as the big turret,
deluged the men on watch on the flying
bridge fifty feet above the water line and
more than one hundred feet aft of the
bow, and then flying higher and farther
it lapped over the two immense funnels
and left the superstructure deck awash.
Another sea soon afterward broke nearly
as high and as far aft, but the battleship
shook herself free of them and kept on
as if they were nothing. In the morning
when the sun came out the drenched fun
nels dried in streaks and they still show
the white crystals of salt left by the big
waves that came aboard.
The Wisconsin was live days in the dry
dock at Port Orchard. During that time
excursions were run from the Sound
cities, and on Sunday last there were be
tween live and six hundred visitors
aboard. She did no fast work during her
trip north nor In the Sound, but on her
way to an anchorage from the drydock
she picked up her heels a little hjt, and
with ninety turns 6he easily made thir
teen knots. Those who made the trip
with her are confident she will bring a
handsome bonus for extra speed above
the sixteen knots called for by the con
tract.
The Wisconsin will at once prepare for
her run against time in Santa Barbara
channel. She will take her bunkers full
of coal and will probably limber up her
machinery a bit by short runs in the bay
before starting south Tuesday. The
Ranger, Philadelphia and Iowa will ac
company her and will act as stakeboats
along the course. >..
Behaves Splendidly and Proves Herself a Magnificent
Seaboat— Two Seas Sweep Her Fore and Aft.
COMPARATIVE STUDIES OF T \A/O CENTURIES.
Copyright, 190O, by Seymour Eaton.
THE CALL'S
HOME STUDY CIRCLE
ADVANCEMENT OF GEOGRAPHY IN 100 YEARS.
BATTLESHIP WISCONSIN MAKES
A GREAT RUN TO THE SOUND
Mary A. Tobln.mothe^of the late Al
fred Tobin, has petitioned the Superior
Court to apppoint B. P. Oliver adminis
trator of decedent's estate. Mrs. Tobin
says her son died Intestate. Decedent'?
estate is *Uuod at $10,000.
Alfred Tobin Left No Will.
Judge Coffey has granted a motion to
dismiss Mrs. Mary Henarie's petition for
the removal of Louis'D. Radgesky as ad
ministrator of the will of the late.D.
V B. Henarie. The court said there was
no ground for Tladgesky's removal, and
the order suspending His powers was re
voked.
Badgesky Still Administrator.
MONTREAL,-- Oct. 3.— The regular monthly
drawlnir for October of the Canadian Royal
Art Union, by which the winning prizes of the
Kentucky Lottery are decided, was held here
to-day. The first six prize* were as follows:
41.54S, J15.000: 59.718. "¦ 14000: 80,757. $2000; SS.423.
$1000; 72.104, J500; 7565, $500. •
KENTUCKY CO. NUMBERS.
Feeble children, the aeed and Infirm, and all
who suffer from debility, exhaustion and wast
ing diseases, find MALT-NUTR1NE Invaluable.
The product of the Anheuser-Busch Brewing
Ass'n. For sale by all druggists.
Nursing Mothers,
Joseph Dilhan has sued the San Fran
cisco Riding Club to recover $2000 alleged
to be due him for services rendered as
riding master of the club. Dilhan alleges
that in addition to a salary of $100 a
month the club agreed to give him 50 per
cent of its net profits. For the last year
the profits were $4000, Dilhan avers, but
the club refused to .divide. Hence the
suit.
Dilhan Sues Riding Club.
HOTEL. DEL CORONADO — In making: your
¦winter plans think of this beautiful country
home with city advantages, ideal climate, no
heavy fog or rain. At 4 New Montgomery
street, city. cet Information and special rates'.
The funeral of Gerald I. O'Brien took
place yesterday from St. Mary's Cathe
dral. A solemn requiem mass was cele
brated for the repose of his soul at 9:30
o'clock by the Rev. Father E. Dempsey.
A number of * the Catholic clergy were
seated in the sanctuary. Among them
were the Rev. Fathers Prendergrast,
Ramm, O'Ryan. Hickey and Allen. The
following named classmates of the de
ceased acted as pallbearers: Joseph
Kelly, George Costello, Neil Powers and
George Lynch.
Funeral of Gerald O'Brien.
ploitation.
Round trip tickets from San Francisco
SSO. They will -be good for 60 days if de
sired, but the special train will not likely
take more than 30 days. 'It will leave this
city, on .Wednesday. Nov. 14, in charge of
Wm. II. Menton. excursion passenger
agent of the Southern Pacific, who will be
pleased to give all desired information be
iorehand at 613 Market street.
The next one, which is an excursion to
Old Mexico, though the last thus far an
nounced for the year, will perhaps be of
greater importance than any or all which
have preceded it, because of its enlarged
scope and the significant International in
terests involved. It is not presumed that
this event will be a pleasure jaunt merely.
There are the best of reasons why
stronger commercial relations should be
established between California and Mex
ico, and the. very low rate for this occa
sion, together with the delightful con
veniences and abundance of time which
the special train will afford, should induce
business men in all departments of trade
to leave their desks a while and go into
thnt remarkable country on a tour of ex-
One of the most successful- summer ex
cursion seasons the State has ever known
is now about closing, but the excursions
are still on. •
If the excursion habit was something
to be dreaded the signs of the times might
cause apprehension, for it is surely grow
ing on the people of this State with great
rapidity.
¦a-
Of Great Importance
to Two Nations.
EXCURSION TO
OLD MEXICO
mediately, which will be put in service in
a few weeks. An option was secured on a
boat some time ago.
Standing in a bower of rink and white
roses and palms, A. B. C. Dohrmann and
Miss Edith Louise Bien were married last
evening at the home of the bride'* pa
rents. 2920 Pacific avenue.
Rev. Dr. Clark of St. Luke's performed
the ceremony. The bride was attended
by Miss Louise Bundschu, who acted as
maid of honor, and Miss Anita Hinz, who
officiated as bridesmaid. Fred Dohrmann
Jr. was best man. Only the immediate
relatives of -the contracting parties wit
nessed the ceremony.
The bride looked very charming in her
exquisite gown of white satin, trimmed
with costly old lace. Her bouquet was
composed of liltes^of the valley. Maid of
honor and bridesmaid were attired alike
In dainty pink silk crowns and carried
bouquets of bridesmaid roses.
A. B. C. Dohrmann. the happy proom.
is the son of F. W. Dohrmann, president
of the Merchants' Association, and Is a
member of the Nathan Dohrrnann Com
pany. His bride is the daughter of Louis
Bien. and besides being a belle and a
beauty is one of the finest amateur mu
sicians in this city.
Mr and Mrs. Dohrmann will loave to
day for a southern bridal trip. On their
return they will reside at the California
Hotel.
Nuptials of A. B. C. Dohr
mann and Miss Edith
Louiss Bien.
IN A ROSE BOWER
THEY ARE MARRIED
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, V FRIDAY, OCTOBER 5, 1900.
THE BATTLESHIP WISCONSIN IN THE GALE OF SEPTEMBER 24 IN
WHICH SHE SHIPPED TWO SEAS THAT SWEPT HER DECKS AND
WHITENED HER FUNNELS.
TO SAIL.
XI.
7
Steamer. I
From.
I Due.
Umattlla {Victoria... |Oct. 3
Victoria Oyster Harbor Oct. 5
Geo. W. Elder.. Portland Oct. 6
North Fork Humboldt Oct. 6
Santa Rosa San Diego Oct. t
Areata Coos Bay Oct. 6
Eureka Humboldt jOct. 8
Newburg (San Pedro Oct. 6
Rival iWillapa Oct. fi
Iaqua |Humboldt Oct. 7
State of Cal... I Portland Oct. 7
Pomona |Humboldt Oct. S
Coos Bay [Newport Oct. 8
Ran Jose [New York Oct. f>
America Maru.. China and Japan Oct. 9
Australia Honolulu Oct. 3
Halnler Seattle Oct. 9
City of Puebla. Victoria Oct. 9
Mineola Tacoma Oct. 9
Corona San Diego Oct. 10
Crescent City.. ICreseent City Oct. 11
Point Arena — Point Arena Oct. 11
Bonlta (Newport Oct. 12
Steamer. Destination. I -Sails. Pier.
Pomona ... Humboldt (Oct. 6. 2 pm Pier 9
Coq. River. Grays HarborJOct. 5
Newburg .. Grays HarborjOct. 6
Bonlta Newport Oct. 6. 11 am Pier 24
Luella Caspar Oct. 6, 4 pm Pier 2
Curacao ... Mexico Oct. 7, 10 am Pier 11
O. Elder .. Portland Oct. 8, 11 am Pier 24
Kureka .... Humboldt Oct. 8, 10 am Pier 12
City Sydney|Xew York Oct. 8, 12 m PMSS
Pt. Arena. |Polnt Arena.. [Oct. 8. 2 pm Pier 2
Umatllla ..{Victoria [Oct. 8. 11 am Pier 9
Santa RosalSan Dle*o Oct. 8, 11 am Pier 11
Xorth ForklHumboldt..... Oct. 9, 9 am Pier 2
Rival JWillapa [Oct. 9
Arcata [Coos Bay Oct. 9, 12 m Pier 13
Coptic China & Japan Oct. 10, 1 pm PMSS
State Cal.. Portland Oct. 10, 11 am Pier 24
Coos Bay... Newport Oct. 10. 9 am Pier 11
Corona — |San Diego Oct. 12. 11 am'Pier 11
Rainier ...,|Seattle [Oct. 12, |
D [Time! ITlme iTlmel |Tlm«|
£ ' • Ft. I Ft. I 1 Ft. I Ft
? L W| H W L W IH TVj
5 ... ! 2:09 0.7 8:56 6.3 2:44 1.4 8:59 5 1
6 ... 2:5? 0.9 9:32 6.4 3:32 0.8 9:59 5 2
7 ... 3:40 1.2 10:09 6.7 4:15 0.3 10:37 5.2
8... 4:21 1.5 10:43 5.9 5:05-0.1 11:52 5.1
9 .. 5:01 1.9111:23 6.0 5:53 — 0.4
10... O:4S 4.91 5:42 1.3 12:03| «.O 6:45—0 4
11... 1:4S| 4.6J 6:27| 2.7| 12:45| 5.9| 7:40[— 0.4
D [Time! ITlme iTlmel |Tlm«|
£ ' • Ft. I Ft. I 1 Ft. I Ft
? L W| H W L W IH TVj
5 ... ! 2:09 0.7 8:56 6.3 2:44 1.4 8:59 5 1
6 ... 2:5? 0.9 9:32 6.4 3:32 0.8 9:59 5 2
7 ... 3:40 1.2 10:09 6.7 4:15 0.3 10:37 5.2
8... 4:21 1.5 10:43 5.9 5:05-0.1 11:52 5.1
9 .. 5:01 1.9111:23 6.0 5:53 — 0.4
10... O:4S 4.91 5:42 1.3 12:03| «.O 6:45—0 4
11... 1:4S| 4.6J 6:27| 2.7| 12:45| 5.9| 7:40[— 0.4
Steamer. Destination. I -Sails. Pier.
Pomona ... Humboldt (Oct. 6. 2 pm Pier 9
Coq. River. Grays HarborJOct. 5
Newburg .. Grays HarborjOct. 6
Bonlta Newport Oct. 6. 11 am Pier 24
Luella Caspar Oct. 6, 4 pm Pier 2
Curacao ... Mexico Oct. 7, 10 am Pier 11
O. Elder .. Portland Oct. 8, 11 am Pier 24
Kureka .... Humboldt Oct. 8, 10 am Pier 12
City Sydney|Xew York Oct. 8, 12 m PMSS
Pt. Arena. |Polnt Arena.. [Oct. 8. 2 pm Pier 2
Umatllla ..{Victoria [Oct. 8. 11 am Pier 9
Santa RosalSan Dle*o Oct. 8, 11 am Pier 11
Xorth ForklHumboldt..... Oct. 9, 9 am Pier 2
Rival JWillapa [Oct. 9
Arcata [Coos Bay Oct. 9, 12 m Pier 13
Coptic China & Japan Oct. 10, 1 pm PMSS
State Cal.. Portland Oct. 10, 11 am Pier 24
Coos Bay... Newport Oct. 10. 9 am Pier 11
Corona — |San Diego Oct. 12. 11 am'Pier 11
Rainier ...,|Seattle [Oct. 12, |
Steamer. I
From.
I Due.
Umattlla {Victoria... |Oct. 3
Victoria Oyster Harbor Oct. 5
Geo. W. Elder.. Portland Oct. 6
North Fork Humboldt Oct. 6
Santa Rosa San Diego Oct. t
Areata Coos Bay Oct. 6
Eureka Humboldt jOct. 8
Newburg (San Pedro Oct. 6
Rival iWillapa Oct. fi
Iaqua |Humboldt Oct. 7
State of Cal... I Portland Oct. 7
Pomona |Humboldt Oct. S
Coos Bay [Newport Oct. 8
Ran Jose [New York Oct. f>
America Maru.. China and Japan Oct. 9
Australia Honolulu Oct. 3
Halnler Seattle Oct. 9
City of Puebla. Victoria Oct. 9
Mineola Tacoma Oct. 9
Corona San Diego Oct. 10
Crescent City.. ICreseent City Oct. 11
Point Arena — Point Arena Oct. 11
Bonlta (Newport Oct. 12
SUTRO QttTHS.
OPEN NIGHTS.
Mcll ar.d Melton. Carroll, Robert Ell!*, D«
CofcCO Brothers. Antcnio Vargas. Mae Tun! eon
and New Moving Pictures.
Reserved beats. 2ic: Matine« Sunday.
FTSCHFR t; ? concert house.
fiotnnna Admi««ion 10.-.
MATINEE TO-MORROW AND SUNDAY.
EVERY YOU UNS
NIGHT OF FRISCO
Including fudaj. MUST SEE
Tbe N. T. Melodramatic lilt.
WE UNS OF
TENNESSEE
ORIGINAL SCENERY. SPECIAL CAST.
BfraftSffR
Commencing Sunday Xlght. Last Week of the
Oi>»>ra Reason. *
FI'NDAY SIGHT. "XORMA."
POPLXAR PRICES - Night, 73c, 60c. &c.
Matlr.ee. tOc. 2Sr. .
"FAUST.",
TO-MORHOW AFTERNOON. "CARMEN."
TO-MORROW NIGHT. "TROVATORE."
in
TO-NIGHT
The Italian Grand Opera Co.
ductlon of
"QUO VABiS,"
™ OIN NEXT MONDAY.
©r:*:r.a.l Iyjnflon. N>w Tork asd Chicaro Pro-
Last Tim* Sunday Nlffht.
Prices— fl. TSc. Vk. £5c and 25c.
"A NIGHT IN TOWN."
In the Lateet Comedy Success.
LAST S NIGHTS. MATINEE SATURDAY.
EDDIE FOY
ALF ELLINGHOUSE Prop, and Mngr.
Acknowledged to be the funniest show In town.
MATINEE PATURDAY— TO-NIGHT.
A. M. Palmer'* SENSATIONAL FARCE-
COMKPY SUCCESS,
"THAT MAN/ 9
Presented Yy the Comedian.
WALTER WALKER.
The Dainty Comedienne,
MISS MILDRED ST. PIERRI,
And a Strong Company.
Next Sunday Afternoon— The Record-breaker,
Hoyt's Very Best,
From Madison-equare Theater. New York.
Popular Price*— Evening, 15c. 25c, 35c, We and
?se: Matinee, 15c, 25c, J5c and 50c. Phone South
770.
CHUTES AND Z00. E ;ff E A £%' tt
THE CONGCT FAMILY,
BIG VAUDEVILLE SHOW!
MOiNSTER CAKEWALK
TO-MORROW NIOHT.
Telephone for Seats. Park 23.
MUNYON'S INHALER
#^% CATARRH
\ Colds, Coughs,
-j^^lbv*-* Hay Fever, Bron-
Asthma
iiillU8ilii and all Diseases
of the Throat and
Clouds of Medicated Vapor are Inhaled
through the mocth and omitted from the nos-
tril*, cleansing acd raporlzlDg all the Inflamed
and diseased parts which raccot be reached by
aodlcine taken Into the ttomach.
It reachet the tore tpolx—It heals the raw
placet— It 000 to the neat of disease— It acts as
a balm and tonic to the xchnle system — flSOal
~ r:! 1 .?•¦••'-* <w *ent by mail. 15OS A. rch St., I'hitru
§\1M, VIGOR. VITALITY for MEV
MORMON BISHOP'S PILLS
years by the leaders of the
Mormon Church and their fol-
lowers. Positively cures the
worst cares In old and young
arising from effects of self-
abuse, dissipation, excesses or
cigarette-smoking. Cures Lost
Manhood, Impotency, Lost
Power. Night Lo«es, Insom-
nia. Pefns In Back. Evil Desires. Lame Back,
Nervous Debility, Headache. Unfltness to Mar-
ry, Less of Semen. g = m Varlcocele or Con-
ttipatlon. Stops Ne *^» tM rvous Twitching
of Eyelids, Effects^Z.J!Z~ a r e immediate.
Impart vigor and^^-" ' to every
function. Don't get despondent: a cure is at
hand. Restores small, undeveloped organs.
Stimulates the brain and nerve centers; 50c a
box; 6 for $2 SO by mail. A written guarantee to
cure or money refunded with 6 boxes. Circulars
free. Addrew BISHOP REMEDY CO.. 40 Ellis
ft.. Ean Francisco. Cal.. GRANT DRUO CO..
S3 and 40 Third gt.
vssiT OR- JORDAN'S great i
MUSEUM OF ANATOMY?
C& i: ;1 K&SOT ST. let. t±t?X ST.Cd. i
.Dp Tbe Larrett Anatomical Museum in the \
£«Lw World. Wetlc&etiat or aa* contracted §
252? JSjrl d:'-ca>» %f*i 1 1 »«-l y curad by the oldest J
f ct rja I s>pe«ailbj cb tin. Couc Hi z. 36 yaan. $
£ flSt£4 OR. vOaDAN-PRIVATE DISEASES $
i *§5*$3 Coa«ult«tion Ufr. and strictly prir»:e. \
g i Wtt Trtumcnt personally or by letter. A Q
VH 1» HB IX*t:w Cure in rvery ca« under t»k en. T
i'Til I1& Wri.-foiEw,k.P"II.OHOrB*«li
w ¦ jf !j 4 ataHBiAcn, mailed rasa. <Af
i) w Ii ™l"*S>le book for mrn; \
I ' OB. JUBDAH A CO.. 1031 Market SL.8. F. f
Price 23 cents. All druggists, or sent post
paid on receipt of price. DR. PAUL DE
FORD. 175 N. Spring St.. Los Angeles, CaL
\§jk\ ' MENl
W-52Q LOST VIGOR
ffiHr 5) RESTORED I
lfi£^ DR. COOPER & CO.,
;(«gVV} r^+rg£ 318 Keirny Btrtet.
nm^^ Ean Francisco. Cal.
1A/. T. HESS,
hOTABY POai.13 ANJ ATTOfiHEy.AT-LATT.
Tenth Floor. Room 101S. Claus Epreckels Bide
Telephone Brown . Ml.
Residence. «21 California »t.. below Powell.
San Franclaco.
DR. GROSSMAN'S SPECIFIC MIXTURE
For tbe cure of GONORRHOEA, GLEETS,
STRICTURES and analagous complaints of tns
Organs of Generation.
Price U a bottle. For Bale by drugglsti.
"CARMEN"
POPtn^AR PRTCKS 25c and OOc
Telephone Bu*h >.
SATURDAY
Saturday 2&attne» and Eunday Night.
"HUGUENOTS"
TO-NIGHT.
"FAUST."
CAMILLE D'ARVILLE !
THE THREE POIRIERS.
JULIA KINGSLEY AND COMPANY,
BELLE DAVIS ATID PICKANINNIES.
WAYNE AND CALDWELL. KOLB AND
DILL,
MR. AND MRS. JACKSON,
AMERICAN BIOGRAPH,
Re»erv«! scat;. XSci Balcony. 10c: Opera
Chairs and B^x F*ats, 50c
Matinees Wednesday. Saturday and Sunday.
A MODEL OF HIGH CLASS VAUDEVILLE.
AMUSEMENTS.'
E^f^ h^bc fr*« n^n Csiw *t^ J»ik ccr^
GRAND OPERA HOUSE
MATINEES TO-MORROW AXD BUNDAT.
LAST THREE NIGHTS.
Tfce Great English Racing Drama,
The Sporting Duchess.
MONDAY "IN PARADISE"
EVENING PRICES-lOe. 15c. :45c. 6t»e.
A Few Front Rows In Orchestra 76c.
MATINEE PRICES— lOc. 15c. 25c. 6Oc
No Hlsher.
Branch Ticket Olflce — Emporium.
For purity and quality In beer drink
"Rainier," the only beer on the Pacific
Coast awarded a medal at Paris Exposi-
tion. ¦;¦--: •
Dr. Bennett's Electric Belt
Stakes weak men and women strong and i:ror. -
men and women stronger. Rooms 5 and «. 4?
For the information of those Interested
a little book will fce mailed free by ad-
dressing F. A. Stuart Co.. Marshall. Mich.,
giving briefly the ss-mptems of the various
forms of stomach weakness, causes and
cure.
T*ie merit end success of Stuart'r Dva-
pepsia Tablets are world wide and' they
are sold at the moderate price of 50 cts
for full sized package in every drujr store
In the United States and Canada, as well
is in Europe.
One grain of the active principle In Stu-
art's Dyspepsia Tablets will digest . SO'O
srrains of mcut, eg^s or othfr wholesome
fond, and this claim has been proven by
actual experiment which any one can per-
form for himself In the following manner;
Cut hard boiled egjf into very small pieces,
as it would be if masticated, place the egg
ant?, two or three of the tablets In a bottle
or jar contalnlnB warm water heated to
OS derrrees (the temperature of the body*
and keep It at thisi temperature for threo
and one-half hours, at the end of which
time the egs will be as completely digest-
ed as it would have been In the healthy
stomach of a hungry boy.
The pcint of this experiment Is* that
what Stuart's Dyspepsia Tablets will do
to the eRs: In the bottle It will do to tho
egg or meat in the stomach and nothing
el5e w'H rest and invigorate the stomach
so safely ar.d effectually. Even a little
child can take Stuart's Tablets with
safety and bert^fit if Its digestion la weak
and the thousands of cures accomplished
by their regular dally use are easily ex-
plained when It is understood that they
nro composed of vegetable essences, asep-
tic pepsin. . diastase and Golden S»-al.
•vhich mingles with the food and dise^t
it thoroughly, giving the overworked
stomach a chance to recuperate.
Dieting never cures dyspepsia, neither
do pllla and cathartic medicines, which
simply irritate and Inflame the intestines.
When enough food Is eaten and promptly
digested there will be no constipation, nor
in fact will there b*» disease of any kind
because good digestion means good "health
in every organ.
Prove It.
You Can Try It for Yourself and
ADVERTISEMENTS.
INTERESTING, IF TRUE.
"WARNER'S REMEDIES.
AMUSEMENTS.
Or*n Daily From 7 a. m. to XI p. m.
Bathinc From 7 a. m. to 10 p. m.
ADMISSION* lr-c. CHILDREN' 5c.
Cfcifctr.g, including admission. Oei Children. 20c
XIGHT,
FRANKNESS
I is admired by every
Honest man or woman.
] The subjoined, unsolicited i
letter from at prominent pHysi-
} cian cannot fail but carry con-
viction to any unprejudiced
mind. • j
! OAK HALL SANITARIUM,
Kansas City, Hans. . ; ;-
E. J. Woodrow, Mgr.
Kansas City. Kons., Au^. 28, 19OO.
I taKe pleasure in stating that I have
used Warner's Safe Cure extensively for ;
% the last ten years in my practice. Among
I the xnany remedies employed, I have
\ found nothing that has given such gratify-
ing -results in all cases of KIDNEY AND
BLADDER TROUBLE.
: , In severe cases. In almost every in*
* stance, I have had to resort to.WarnerN
•Safe Cure before effecting a permanent ]
cure.
> X am happy to say that it is reliable, 'j
' ' not only as a Kidney and bladder regulator,
but it acts as a general tonic as well, the
5 most delicate stomach "being able to tolnro
\ ate it;
'- In many cases of FEMALE TROUBLE
i X have used it with marKed success. I feel
', Justified in stating there is no other
» \ Known remedy that can equal it in all »
Kidney or Bladder Troubles. !
"Very sincerely yours, |
\ E. J. WOODROW, M. D. I
3 aj-Frpr «araple of Warns r*§ Safe Cure sent on application:
Address. Warners Safe CmE Co., Roche»ter, J». \.BOSTON Oct. 3. — The Earl Fruit Company
auctioned California fruit to-day and realized
the following prices: Grapes— Tokay, double
crates $3 10(33 45. average $3 23; Tokay, single
crates, $1 0CO1 S5, average $1 2G: Clusters, sln
ele crates, $1 60&2 15, average Jl 97. Prunes —
Italian, single crates, 75c@»l. average 94c.
Every Indication of rain. Six cars sold to-day.
New York Metal Market.
NEW YORK. Oct. 4.— The market for metals
was generally weaker to-day. Tin was some
what lower In sympathy with a loss of £1 15s
In London and closed our market easier In
tone at ?29 25.
Lake copper was qutet and unchanged at
$16 624®!"- . „ . . •
Plglron warrants were dull and unchanged
at $9 50@10. Bessemer piglron was quoted 25c
lower at $13 25.
Lead was dull at $4 374. while spelter was
easier at $4 O7M>@4 27V4. The brokers' price for
lead was SI and for copper J16 S74.
Nkv York Cotton Market.
NEW YORK. Oct. 4.— The owning In cotton
was steady, with prices unchanged to 4 points
higher. By midday the Increase had swelled
to 9i5fll points, while at the highest figures of
the day, a net rise of 10@13 points was ap
parent. The close was steady with prices 3®7
points higher.
Foreign Markets.
LONDON, Oct. 4.— Consols, 88 U-16; silver,
29 9-16: French rentes. lOOf 24c; cargoes on
passage, buyers Indifferent operators; cargoes
Walla Walla, 30s 6d; English country markets,
quiet. ¦ ¦
LIVERPOOL, Oct. 4.— Wheat, firm; No. 1
standard California, 6s 7d«?-6s Sd; wheat • in
Paris, steady: flour in Paris, quiet: French
country markets, quiet; weather in England,
cloudy.
COTTON— Uplands, 644
CLOSING.
LIVERPOOL. Oct. 4.— WHEAT— Steady: No.
1 Northern spring, firm, 6s 5Ud; No. 1 Callfor-
Wheat— Dec. Feb.
Opening 6 3", 6 5
Closing 6 4'i 6 5V4
LIVERPOOL.
Wheat — Oct. Jan. -April
Opening 20 20 2160
Closing 20 23 2160
Flour-
Opening 25 75 27 K
Closing 25 SO 17 CO
AYrx' York Stock Market.
N'EW YORK. Oct. 4— To-day's stock market
had to undergo the Ftress of realizing profit,
which was the natural sequence of yester
day's successful manipulation for the advance.
The dimensions of the upward movements
¦were EUfSclently Impressive to attack a con
siderable outside demand for stocks and the
first hour of the market saw very active trad-
Ins with very small fluctuations In price after
the openinjr. which was made higher to facil
itate the taking of profits. The general de«
rr.and was judiciously fed by the professional
cjierators in order not to discourage the buy
ing, but before the end of the hour an Impres
sion hefian to be made in the railroad libt.
f^eUinji f«.>r London account was an additional
factor toward depression. When prices fell
back to about last night's level the selling
jircpsure was relaxed. The bulls then turned
their attention to other quarters of the mar
ket. biddinK up prices actively wherever aay
fiens of t-tr?npth showed in order to support
lound the best tieid tor the«=e operations In the
Etee) and iron group. Various factors com-
Mned to give strength to these stocks. The
final (settlement of the tin plate wase Fcale
v. : s ft stimulatins: influence, not only in those
Ftookii but throuKhout the j^roup. Susar and
People's GaE wrre very feverish all day as a
consequence of the cut In refined sugars and
the legal e:eps taken in the gat. war In Chi
cago. Hugar has a small net Rain and Peo
ple's Gas a small net lo?«. With the excep
tion of wide movements in some of the closely
lie!d dormant stocks th« railroads continued
s'.uBgish during the latter jart of the day.
The local traction stocks were strong and
showed evidence of manipulation. The whole
market ran off at the close, which was eaby
and active. The decision of the directors of
the IJaxik of England to leave the official rate
unchanged a.t 4 ii«t rent was accepted favor
ably by the bulls, who argued that It in
pured imports of gold, but the sterling ex
change market unexpectedly developed a firmer
ti'ne and the rate for demand bills recov
ered *»c.
The bond market continued irrecular and
not very active. Total sales, par value, tl,
isn.oco.
United ftatep new 4s declined hi per cent
In the bid price.
NEW YORK STOCK LIST.
Share* Closing
Bold. Stocks — Bid.
ll.CM AtcMson 2SH
23.SM Atchlson prefd "04
S.2C0 Baltimore & Ohio 70%
Canadian Pacific 87
£50 Canada Southern 504
4.71,0 Ohesarxake .V Ohio „ 2S'i
670 Chlcaeo Great Western 10^
£l,2S0 Chicago Iturlinjncn & Qulncy 1254
100 Chicago Indianapolis & Louis 214
Chicago lndianajiolls & Louis pfd. 55
Chic-aeo & Eastern Illinois 96
9 10 Chicago & Northwestern 1614
4 £25 OhlcaRO Rock Island & Pacific 106'4
C70 C C C & St Louis..... 624
103 Colorado Southern 6%
250 Colorado Southern 1st Drefd 3S
500 Colorado Southern Id prefd 144
I Delaware & Hudton Ill
m Delaware Lackawanna & Western. .17S4
300 Denver & Rio Grande 194
420 Denver & Rio Grt-nde prefd 67%
Erie 114
109 Erie 1st rrefd 33%
750 Groat Northern prefd 152
Hockins Coal 13
200 Hocking Valley 32%
15» Illinois Central. II614
400 Iowa Central 174
Iowa Cer.tral pre-fd 39
LliO Lake Erie & Western 28
129 Lake Erie &. Western prefd 94
I>ake Shore 205
4.120 l/ouisville & Nashville 71*i
22,113 Manhattan L 904
2.441 Metropolitan Ftreet Railway 150%
5'X> Mexican Central 114
200 Minneapolis & Ft Louis 554
Minneapolis & St Louis prefd 91
14,52 Missouri Pacific 4*%
Mobile & Ohio 344
Missouri Kansas & Texas 914
L100 Missouri Kansas & Texas prefd 2S'4
700 N< «' Jersey Central' 134
USU New York. Central 12»H
110 Norfolk & Western 34*4
Norfolk & Western prefd 75
10.014 Northern Pacific 48%
1.C16 Northern Pacific prefd C$4
800 Ontario & Western 20H
Orepon Railway & Navigation 42
Oreton Railway & Navigation pfd. "fi
5.0S6 Pennsylvania 128%
2;j0 Reading 15»i
S.M0 Urarfir-g 1st prefd K4
2VJ Reading 2d prefd 25U
Ilio Grande Western 53^
Itio <irande Western prefd SO
460 St Louis & San Francisco 10
200 St Louis & Fan Francisco 1st pfd.. 644
S00 Ft Louis & San Francisco 2d pfd.. 33T4
1»6 Ft Louis Southwestern 11>$
1.370 St Louis Southwestern prefd 2SV4
10.100 St Paul 112
Ft Paul prefd 169V4
Pi Paul & Omaha 110
1.C30 Southern Pacific 234
fcOO Southern Hallway llji
4,74} Southern Railway rrefd -. 53
Wheat No. 2.
October 77>i 77% 76*1 76%
Xovember 7SU 7SV4 774 774
December 7» 79 7S4 7Si4
Corn No. 2—
October 40T» 40"i 39"» 40
November 37* t 37*4 3"U 37?»
December 35U 35U 34?« 34%
Oats No. 2 —
October 22U 22H 22»i 22»4
November 224 22H . 22}» 224
December 23 23 22% 22},
Mess Pork, per bbl —
October 13 00 13 10 12 95 13 10
November 11 65 11 70 11 62% 11 62H
January 12 00 12 CO 11 S2»4 11 io
I-ard, oer 100 lbs —
October 7 35 7 35 7 274 7 30
November 7 40 7 42V4 7 274 7 30
January 7 074 7 074 6 974 6 974
Short Ribs, per 100 lbs —
October 8 224 8 224 8 03 8 05
November 7 35
January 6 40 6 424 6 324 6 324
Cash quotations were as follows: Flour.
steady: No. 3 spring wheat, 74(g75*ic; No. 2
red. 7S\ic; Xo. 2 corn, 40H / fi41c; No. 2 yellow,
41f«41Hc; No. 2 oats, 21Vff22^c: No. 2 white,
26 i g26Uc: No. 3 white, 23U(n25}ic; No. 2 rye,
i 52 l 4c; fair to choice malting barley, 65@62c; No.
i 1 flaxsecd. Jl 61; No. 1 Northwestern. $1 61 V4:
i prime timothy peed, H 25(f?4 35: mess pork, per
I bbl. $13Vil3 20; lard, per 100 pounds, J7 30@7 32V4;
¦ short ribs sides (loose). $S4f8 25; dry salted
: shoulders (boxed). 6^(g6?»c; ehort clear sides
I (boxed), $S 50@S 60; whisky, basis of high
! wines. SI 27. Sugars— Cut loaf. 6.60c; granu
i lated, 6.10c: confectioners' A. 6c; oft A, 5.S3c.
1 Articles — Receipts. Shipments.
I Flour, barrels 25,000 13 000
i Wheat. bushel3 215.000 135.000
; Corn, bushels 32S.000 635.000
i Oats, bushels 207,000 244.000
! Rye. bushels 7.000 1,000
i Barley, bushels 77.000 1.000
On the Produce Exchange to-day the butter
market was weak; creamery. 16S21c; dairy, II
I @18c. Cheese, steady; lOUSllftc. Eggs, firm;
fresh. 16c.
* — _ *
CHICAGO, Oct. 4.— The wheat market was.
a dull affair throughout. Under influence of
an advance at Liverpool and unfavorable
weather In the Northwest November opened at
78C07SUC. ' Local feeling inclined to the bear
side, however, and as the outside furnished
nothing In the way of buying ordera to coun
teract this the early strength was lost. At
77»iJ3 77%c the market steadied for a time be
cause the Eeaboard reported 7C0.0C0 busheib
taken for export, but the steadiness failed to
hold against the speculative dullness and a
further decline to 7?%077%C followed. The
close was steady, November U©%c lower at.
"he
corn was quiet. The close was steady: No
vember, 37%c.
Oats were dull and featureless. November
closed a shade down at 22?8 l §"22^ic.
Provisions were slow and easier on selling
by local longs. There was heavy sslllng of
November lard early and later good buying of
January pork, and ribs closed 10c lower.
The leading futures ranged as follows:
Articles— Open. High. Low. Close.
Exports of Specie.
rrxports cf specie from this port during the
first nine months of the year amount to $1?.
24.',&S0. agair-st. I16.7TS.SS0 for the came time
last year, the leading descriptions being as
follows: Filver bullion. S3.T.29.O0O; Mexican dol
lars. f7.SC0.2Vl; Fliver coin. $3:3.000: gold coin.
IS S]S SCO- currency and bonds. J2,547.24<i. Tho
leading destinations v.ere: China. JU.m.SuO;
New Ycrk, $6,;:.7,Tt>"; Honolulu, JS33.7OU.
J Feat her Report.
<120th Meridian— Pacific Time.)
F<ii:i:cAfrT.
PAN FRANCISCO. Oct. 4. 5 p. m.
The following: are the seasonal rainfalls to
<3rte as compared with those of the same date
last season and the rainfall in the past twen
ty-fur hours:
Past . This Last
Ftations — 24 hours, season, season.
Kurrka 0.00 1.71 1.30
Bed Bluff r« I-» 2-«
SarraTii.-nto 0.32 *.6S 0.C2
Fan Francisco 0.3J l.C» Trace
Fresno 0.02 0.36 O.OO
Independence O.on 0.S1 0.07
Hm Luis oblspo »-6€ 114 O.oO
Los Anceies Trace Trace 0.01
San Di«-go OM Trace 0.07
Fan Francisco data— Maximum temperature,
C2: minimum, M; mean, I.S.
WEATHER CONDITION'S AND GENERAL
The storm off the Oregon coast this morn
ing has niovod inland and now forms a trough
of low rressure extending from the mouth ol
the Columbia River southeastward int3 L'tah.
Tfc,, pi uni 11 1 has fallen over the r'ateau rfgwn
an<1 risen alone the Central Pacific Coast.
The changes in ttir.perature have been slight
In all districts.
Hain has fallen from Los Angeles northwaru
in California and over Nova8a. Oregon. Idaho
and portions of Washington.
Conditions are favorable for showers to-night
and Friday in California.
Reports are misting from the Northern Cali
fornia crast.
Forecast made at San Francl«?o for thirty
hours ending midnicht. October 5. 1900.
Northern California— 6bower« Friday, prob
ably clearing Friday evening or night; fresh
southwest wind.
Southern California— Probably showers Fri
day; licht v.est wind.
NVvaJi- Showers Friday; brisk to high south
west wind.
Utah— -showers Friday: cooler.
Arizona— Showers Friday In northern portion.
X^artly cloutfy in southern portion.
San Francisco ar-A vicinity — Occasional show
ers Friday. jjrot>ably clearing Friday evening
or night; fresh southwest wind.
G. H. WILLSON.
Local Forecast Official.
7,723 Texas & Pacific 16
32.S50 Union Pacific 584
1.S26 Union Pacific prefd 73fc
Wabash 73
700 Wabash irefd 8
200 Wheeling & Lake Erie 82
500 Wheeling & Lake Erie 2d prefd 23VJ
Wisconsin Central 11
125 Third Avenue IMS
Express companies —
Adams 123
American 150
United states 43
Wells-Fargo 123
Miscellaneous —
500 American Cotton Oil 34
American Cottnn Oil prefd
200 American Malting 4V*
200 American Malting prefd 23U
500 American Smeltinr & Refln 371,
631 American Smeltlnjr & Refln prefd... &>¦*«
American Spirits \\z
American Spirits prefd 17
3,765 American Steel Hoop 19
American Pteel Hor>i> rrefd 66
io.ir> American Steel & Wire 32U
2.250 American Fteel & Wire prefd 74
?€5 American Tin Plate 31
230 American T!n Plate rrefd 81
11,?SO American Tobacco 90
American Tobacco prefd 129
1.780 Anaconda Mining Co 43U
S7.SM Brooklyn Rapid Transit 52!,,
1.30-rt Colorado Fuel & Iron 321*
?30 Continental Tobacco 25
340 Continental Tobacco prefd 76
4.S:.o Federal Steel 324
1.300 Federal .Steel prefd 64> 4
112 General Electric 136
• «K> Glucoee Sugar 43*;
Gluccse Sugar rrefd 9>>4
1. 401 International Paper 1?> 4
200 International Paper prefd 63
Ladede Gas C*.
700 National Biscuit ZZ\i
IOO National Biscuit srefd SS
300 National Lead 174
National Lead rrefd f9»i
3,200 National Steel 27
176 National Steel rrefd S3
3»0 New York Air lirake 119
330 North American 14Tj
2.00R Pacific Coast 60
Pacific Coast 1st prefd 87
LC90 Pacific Coast 2d i<refd 6S
1.420 Pacific Mail 30>
16.3V4 People's Gas R6^»
1.6^>0 Pressed Steel Car 39^
Pressed Steel Car prefd 74
Pullman Palace Car 1S2
Standard Rope & Twine 4 7 »
44.7J5 Sugar nsv,
Sugar prefd 117
2O.R75 Tennesse Coal & Iron 56%
2.809 United States Leather 10
1.545 United States Leather prefd 6SU
1,735 United States Rubber 2S»;
United States Rubber prefd 93
€24 Western Union 7S»i
S2O Republic Iron & Steel Co 12
410 Republic Iron & Steel Co prefd 524
P C C & St Louis £,1
423,500 Shares sold.
CLOSING BONDS.
U S 2s ret. when Do 4s 90H
issued, reg 104 N Y C lsts 10S%
Do coupon 104 X J C gen £s 123
U S 3s reg 109 JX Pacific 3s 64\
Do 3s coupon 103^1 Do 4s 102%
Do new 4s reg. ..134 !N Y C & St L 4s. .K5
Do new 4s coup. .134 <N & W con 4s 96
Do old 4s rep 114*iiOr Nav lsts 1W
Do old 4s coup. ..114V Do 4s 102*4
Do 5s reg 113Vi:0r Short Line 6s.. .1264
Do 5s coupon....ll3U i Do con 5s 112
Dist or Col 3.65s.. .123 'Reading gen 4s 86»i
Atchison gen 4s... 9!«%!R G W lsts P<iV4
Do adj 4s 86 1st L & I M con 5s. 109
Canada So 2ds 106>4iSt L & S F gen 6s. 1224
Ches>& O 44s 9S% St Paul cons 169
Do 5s IIS jSr P C & P Ists..ll7»»
Chi & N con 7s... .1394! Do 5? 119^
Do S F deb 5s. ..120 ! S Pacific 4s 7S'/i
Chicago term 4s... SI S Railway 5s 109
Colorado So 4s SI Stand R & T 6s... 65
D & R G lsts 103 Tex & Pac lsts 113»i
Do 4s SS% Do 2ds 61
Erie gen 4s 68 U Pacific 4s 104 7 -4
F W & D C lsts... 714 Wabash lsts 117%
Gen Electric 5s 118 I Do 2ds 101
Iowa Cent lsts 110 IiVest Shore 4s 112'i
L & N uni 4s 99 Wise Cent lsts.... tt\
M K & T 2ds 6»U Va Centuries S9»i
MINING STOCKS.
Chollar 18:Ontario 6 00
Crown Point 10 Ophir 72
Con Cal & Va 1 12
Deadwood 45 Quicksilver 1 25
Gould & Curry 351 Do prefd 6 50
Hale & Norcross.. 24 \ Sierra Nevada 30
Homef-take 55 OOStandard 4 00
Iron Silver 65 Union Con 20
Mexican 32 Yellow Jacket 20
BOSTON STOCKS AND BONDa
Money— jUnlon Pacific 6S»i
Call loans 3tff4j Union Land 2
Time loans 4©5jWest End D2
Stocks— Westinghse Elec... 47
Atch T & Sta. Fe.. 2SVi Bonds-
Do prefd 7O'.i I Atchlson 4s 93
American Sugar... 116 IN E Gas & C Is.. 65
D oprefd 1154 Mining Shares—
Amer Telephone.. .138>4' Adventure 44
Boston & Albany. .245 jAllouez Mining Ca 1H
Boston Elevated. ..H«4' Amale Copper R7
Boston & Maine. ..1S"H! Atlantic 22V4
Chi B & Q 125»i|Boston & Mont... .3154
Dominion Coal 35V«;Butte & Boston.... 60
Do prefd 112 : Calumet & Hecla..T55
Federal Steel 32% Centennial 14'i
Do prefd 64 FraJiklln 14
Fitchbursr rrefd. ..1M Humboldt 25
Gen Electric 1364'Osceola 65
Do prefd 133 (Parrot 42Vi
Ed Elec 111 203 iQuincy 140
Mexican Central... ll\i Sta Fe Copper 6'A
Mich Telephone... 85 Tamarack 229
N E Gas & Coke... 11H Utah Mining 31
Old Colony £03 Wlnona 2%
Old Dominion lSVi Wolverines 40
London Market.
NEW YORK. Oct. 4.— The Commercial Ad
rertiser's London financial cablegram says:
The stock market here was quiet but steady
to-day. Americans were active. There wen
some country sales In the afternoon, but New
York absorbed them. Professional support was
transferred from Eries to Southern Railways.
American buying was noticed in Mexican is
sues. There were large repayments of money
to the bank.
Sliver closed at 23%d on speculative buying.
CLOSING.
LONDON", Oct. 4.— Atchlson. 29%; Canadian
Pacific. 69T4; Union Pacific preferred, 76; North
ern Pacific rref erred, 71H; Grand Trunk, 6H:
Anaconda. 8%: bar silver, steady, 29 9-16d per
ounce. Money, 2>4S3 per cent.
Ncw York Money Market.
NEW YORK, Oct. 4.-Money on call, firmer,
2@2%c: last loan, 2U per cent; prime mercan-
tile paper. S{fa% per cent; sterling exchange,
firmer, with actual business In bankers' bills
at $4 85 for demand and at $4 81^4 S1W for CO
days; posted rates, $4 S5©4 85% ani $4 86V4; com
mercial bills. $4 80%«J4 81: silver certificates
€4Vt©63c; bar silver, 64c; Mexican dollars. 50%c;
Government bonds, easy; State bonds, stronger
railroad bonds, Irrecular.
Condition of the Treasury.
WASHINGTON. Oct. 4.— To-day's statement
of the Treasury balances In tho general fund,
exclusive of the $150,000,000 gold reserve In the
division of redemption shows: Available cash
balance. $126,261,206; gold. $83,901,103.
Silver advanced again. Exchange as before.
Wheat shows a slight recovery. Barley futures lower.
Oats, Corn and Rye about the same.
Bran strong and in eager demand. Hay rules firm.
The rain taids to strengthen Beans.
Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables unchanged.
Butter a fraction lower and dragging.
Cheese slightly higher. Eggs unchanged.
Game still weaker under liberal receipts.
Poult r\ market about as before.
Fresh and Dried Fruits unchanged as a rule.
Bacon and Lard advanced. Hams kept down by competition. •
Meat market featureless at previous quotations.
No. 1 hard Duluth, 90%c f. o. b. afloat. Op
tions were again very Irregular under a nervous
local trade, dependent u:>on Northwest devel
opments. As a whole the early market was
steady on light offerings, higher English mar
kets. Fmall Western receipts, export rumors,
fairly large clearances and a bullish Ohio Stato
report. Most of the reactions resulted from
local profit taking, a final sharp drop leaving
the market easy at unchanged prices. Sales,
No. 2 March, SG%®S6%ci closed, S6%c; May.
closed SG>,4c; October. SOTnOSlUc; closed, 80Tic;
Docombor. SS^ic; closed, S3".ic.
HOI'S— Steady.
HIDES— Steady.
WOOI,— Dull.
COFFEE— Futures closed steady at a net
advance of 5^10 points. Total sales. 24,2:>O
bngs, including: December, $7 30: January
J7 40; March. $7 45@7 50; May, $7 55@7 60; July.
$7 70. Spot — Rio. steady; No. 7 invoice,
SY*c; mild, quiet; Cordova, 9?i@l4c.
SUGAR— Raw. barely steady; fair refining,
4\4c; centrifugal, &6 test, 5c; molasses sugar,
4%c: refined, weak.
BUTTER— Receipts, 2S01 packages. bull;
creamery. 16i?T21c; June creamery, llH<S20".c;
factory, n^^ I6»ic
EGGS— Receipts, 3671 packages. Firm; West
ern regular packing at mark. 12V4@18c; West
ern, loss off, 20c.
DRIED FRUITS
NEW YORK. Oct. 4.— While showing no ma
terial change in prices the market for evapor
ated apples held quite steady on a good de
mand from exporters and the light supply on
hand. State, common, S@5c; prime, 4*iS5 l 4c;
choice. 5^@6c; fancy. 6<§6Hc
CALIFORNIA DRIED FRUITS-Steady and
uncharged.
PRUNES— 3@7c per pound, as to size and
quality.
APRICOTS— Royal, ll«?14c; Moorpark, 15gl6c.
PEACHES— Peeled, 14@lSc; unpeeled, 6@9c.
•*- ZZZHZ *
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
Exchange and Bullion.
Sterling Exchange, 60 days — $4 83
Sterling Exchange, sight — 4 874
Sterling Cables _ 4 t>S4
New York Exchange, sight ' — 07; a
New York Exchange, telegraphic — 10
Fine 8Uver, per ounce — Cl
Mexican Dollars, nominal 50»4 @ 51
WHEAT— Liverpool was firmer. New York
opened higher, but fell back.
Wheat and Other Grains.
Chicago advanced %c under better foreign
advices, and the influence of the Northwest
ern situation, which is becoming the principal
factor. Receipts there are very light, and are
not expected to show any Increase. General
rains continue there. There was some scalp
inr, and the bulls were realizing. There was
a good export demand at the seaboard, but the
demand at Chicago was moderate, with spec
ulation slow.
This market did a fraction better, both on
and oft call.
$1 02%; Milling, $1 05
©I 0iV4.
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal Session— 9:15 o'clock— December— 6000
ctls. $1 ot%; eooo. $1 04%.
Second Session— December— 10,000 ctls, $1 05%.
Regular Morning Session— December— 18,000
ctls, Jl 04%; 4000. $1 05H; 30,000, $1 03. May—
2000, $1 12\i; 36,000. $1 12.
Afternoon Session — December — 2000 ctls,
|1C5H; 12,000, $1 05U. May— 2000, $1 12Vi; 4000.
BARLEY— There was more activity on call,
at lower prices. Spot prices were unchanged.
The market was quiet.
Feed. 76U@7TUc for choice bright. 73%S75c
for No. 1 and 70@72Hc for off grades; Brewing
and Shipping grades, S0@S5c; Chevalier, nomi
nal.
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal Session — No sales.
Second Session — No sales.
Regular Morning Session— December— 2000
ctls. 74%c; 2000. 74«4c; 10.000. 74c: 4000, 74V&C.
May-2000. 75c; 2000, 74%c; 2000, 74%c; 2000, 74^c;
2000, 74?4c.
Afternoon Session— December— 2300 ctls, 74»4c.
OATS— Although the demand is slack, hold
ers are very firm and make no concessions.
White. $1 25@1 42^; Surprise, $1 40fcl 45; lied.
$1 1O«T1 20; Gray. $1 25<£1 30; Black, for feed.
$1 C5«l 20: for seed. $1 20«fl 25 per ctl.
CORN— Arrival of another lot of 600 ctls East
ern, which Is quoted at $1 20 per ctl.
RYE-9O092HC per ctl.
BUCKWHEAT— Nominal.
Flour and Millstuffs.
FLOUR— California Family Extras, $3 60®
3 75, usual terms; Bakers' Extras, $3 40@3 50;
Oregon and Washington. $2 75&3 10 per barrel
for family and $3 15@3 50 for bakers'; Eastern,
?4 75Q5 75 per barrel.
MILLSTUFFS— Prices In sacks are as fol
lows, usual discount to the trade: Graham
Flour. $3 per 100 lbs; Rye Flour, $2 73; Rye
Meal. $2 DO; Rice Flour, $7: Corn Meal. $2 75.
extra cream do, $3 50; Oat Groats. $4 50: Hoit.
lny, $3 50rd3 75; Buckwheat Flour, $4®4 25;
Cracked Wheat. tZ 50: Farina. $4 50; Whole
Wheat Flour. $3 23; Rolled Oats (barrels), $6®
7 25: In sacks. $5 75ig?7: Pearl Barley. $5; Split
Peas, $5; Green Peas, $5 DO per 100 lbs.
Hay and Feedstuff s.
The 10,000 sacks of Bran vwhtch arrived from
Washington was all sold. This shows the
state of the market for this product. 'Prices
rule stiff.
In spite of the rain the regular Hay auction
was held, and quotations were maintained
without difficulty. The market is very firm.
BRAN— $16(Srl7 5u per ton.
MIDDLINGS-*17g21 per ton
FEEDSTUFFS— Rolled Barley. $16^17 50 per
ton: Oilcake Meal at the mill. $2G@27: Jobbing
J27 B0(S2S: Cocoanut Cake. $20«r21: Corn Meal
J26f/27: Cracked Corn. $26 £<)(§¦ 27 50: Mixed Feed
$13 50<7rl4.
HAY— Volunteer, $5*37 50; Wheat, $10^13,
with pales" at $13 50; Wheat and Oat, $10-f?i2-
Oat. $8 50(ffll; Clover, $4®6; Alfalfa, $6®7 50*
Barley, $7@9 rer ton.
STRAW— 30fc 37&c per bale.
Beans and Seeds.
The rain tended to strengthen Beans, though
prices showed no improvement. Receipts have
been diminishing for several days.
BEANS— Bayos, $1 F5'S2; Small White. $3 25®
S 50: Large White. $2 25<f?2 50; Pink, $2 25®2 50-
Red, *3<?t3 25; Biackeye. $2 50: Lima. $5 15®5 25 :
Pea. M 50(fi3 75: Red Kidneys. $3 25@3 50.
SKEDS-Brown Mu«tard. 4c; Yellow Mustard
5c; Flax. $2®2 50; Canary, 3%c per lb for Cali
fornia and 4c for Eastern; Alfalfa, nominal-
Rape. 2t4£3e; Hemp, 4@44c: Tlmothv 404U C '
DRIED PEAS-Nlles, $1 25©1 75; Green ll so
62 05 per ctl; Blackeye. $150. -.»<.»
Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables.
There are no changes in anything worthy of
note, though the tendency In Vegetables is up
ward.
POTATOES-Early Rose. 35040c: Burbanks
40(5«)c for Rivers and S5c@$l 10 per ctl for Sa
linas; Sweets, 75@S5c for Rivers and $1 25 for
Meiced.
ONIONS— 50@65c per ctl: Pickle Onions. 35 U
60c.
VEQETABLESr-Green Peas, 2%<94c per lb;
String Beans, 2ff3c; Llmas, 4@3c per lb'
Cabbage. 40(S50c; Tomatoes, Bay, 40@C0c: Eeg
Plant, 25®' 40c per box; Green Okra. 50©75c-
Green Peppers. 25<iT40c per box for Chill arid 40
©50c for Bell: Dri^d Pepper*. - 10(f?15c: Carrots
235?33c per sack; Summer Squash, 50<560c for
Alameda; Cucumbers. 25<{?40c for Alameda-
Pickles, $1(H1 25 per ctl for No. 1 and 50® 75c
for No. 2; Garlic, 3c per lb; Marrowfat Squash
$7@10 per ton. '
Poultry and Game.
Arrivals of Game continue large and tho
tendency is still downward, though the de
cline was less pronounced yesterday.
Another car of Eastern Poultry came In
making five thus far this week. Prices stood
about the same, though there was less local
stock standing around.
POULTRY— Live Turkeys. 14@16c for Gobblers
and 14(!JlGc for Hens: Geese, per pair, $1 250)
1 50; Goslings, $1 50<?n 75; Ducks. S3W4 for old
and $3 50<S'4 50 for young; Hens, $3 50SJ5; Young
Roosters. |4@4 50; Old Roosters, $3 50®4- Fry
fra, $3@3 50; Broilers, *$@3 25 for large and
$2 50©3 for small; Pigeons, $1 25 per dozen for
old and $1 75©2 for Squabs.
GAME— Quail. Jl@l 25 for Valley and $2 50
for Mountain: Mallard. $3©5; Sprig. $1 75«?2 25-
Teal, $1@1 50; Widgeon, $1 50@l 75; Small Duck"
$mi 25; Gray Geese, $2 50<ff3; White Geese, $1®
1 25; Brant, 51 50; English Snipe, $1 50^2 50-
Jack Snipe, $1@1 25; Hare, $1 25@1 50: Rabbits
$1 25JT1 50 for cottontail and $1 for brush; Doves
60c; Grouse, $3; Sage Hens, per dozen.
Butter, Cheese and Eggs.
Butter Is dragging again, as the majority of
buyers are running on packed goods and s'ocks
of fresh are beginning to accumulate. Prices
are rather lower.
Storage goods— 22H«?24c.
Fine Cheese Is selling at the top quotation.
There has been no change In Eggs for some
days, as the demand and supply about balance
BUTTER —
Creamery— Fancy Creamery ( 28@2S%c; Sec
onds, 27@27!£c.
Dairy— Fancy, 25@26c: good to choice, 23@24c'
common, 20@22c. -
Creamery tub— 20@22%c per lb.
Pickled roll— 19S21c.
Firkin— lS@19c.
CHEESE— New, 105J12Hc: old, 9@9^c; Toung
America, lO^Sllc; Eastern, 13%@14c; Western
lC@12c per lb.
EGGS— Quoted at 20® 23c for store and 30®35c
per dozen for ranch; Eastern, 18@25c.
Deciduous and Citrus Fruits.
There is no further decline In Cranberries,
but the market is slow. Coos Bay are limited
at \2 25 per box.
Fine Spitzenberg Apples are bringing the
top quotation, but there Is no Improvement in
common stock. Peaches are higher and will
soon be out. Very few are seen now.
BLACKBERRIES- $5Q6 per chest.
Melons show no change worthy of note
Watermelons are dragging badly, owing to the
Btf.rm. Grapes are firm and may be higher
In consequence of the rain. *
DECIDUOUS FRUITS—
APPLES — 25^?50c per box for common and
6OCSJ$1 23 for good to choice.
> PEARS — Winter Nellls, 60c@$l; Cooking
Pears, 25<565c per box. - ¦¦
QUINCES— 25(?r50o per box.
PERSIMMONS— Green and slow at 75c@$l
per box.
PLUMS
CRANBERRIES— Capo Cod. *»ifis 25; Wis
consin, per bbl ; Coos Bay, $2 25 per box
STRAWBERRIES— $2 50<fr5 per chest for
large and $6<98 for small • berries.
RASPBERRIES— $5©7 per chest.
POMEGRANATES— 3CKg50c per small box
and $1 50 per large box.
15<S 50c per box and crate,
GRAPES— Muscat, 33tfi75c per crate; black
3."><S65c; Tokay, 35@65c: Isabella, 50ig75c; Cornl
chen. : 3Og65c; Wine Grapes. $15<??2a for white
$20i??22 50 for Mission and $21fi25 per ton for
Zinfandel. # .
MELONS;— Nutmegs, 50@75c per case; Canta
loupes, 75c® 51 50 per crate; Watermelons, $3®
15. with extra large at $17 50@20 per 100. -
C1THUS i?RL)llS— Seedhnw orange*. 75c@
$2; Valenclas, $1@4; Lemons. flff2 for com
mon and $2 50® 3 for good to choice; Mexl-
LOCAL MARKETS.
nlrrs. lot on S lin« of West Twelfth street.
138 E of Center. E 2S by S 110. portion lot 32. on
map of Center Street Home Lota. Oakland; |H>.
Josle Fayle to Martin Braun. lot on E lino of
Lusk street. ?S4 S oi Rose Garland w.iy or
Evoy avenue. N 41 by E 170. being lot 46. map
of White House Flat. Oaklanil; $10.
Joanna M. Drtscoll to B. McFadden. lot on
S line of Spring street. ITO E of Adeline. E H
by S 9S. being lots 77 and 7S. Klmball Tract:
also lot on X lire o* San Pablo avenue. 83.08
S of Thirty-seventh street. N 27.69. E 108.57.
ri 25. W 06.93, to beginning, being the N !3! 3 of
lot 2. blocl* A. on mar> of portion of Mrs. M.
J. Evoys property. Oakland: $!!>.
George J. Earl (by V.\ F. Kroll, commis
sioner) to W. M. Watson, lot on E line of
county road Oakland to San Leandro. 41 S of
Bay View avenue. S 23. E l."» 0. N 66. W SO, S 41.
W 100. to beginning, portion let 1. block 3.
Warner Tract, Brooklyn Township: also the E
50 feet of lot 2. block 3, Warner Tract. Brook
lyn Township: J320. f
George A. and Minerva Roeben to Susie M.
Koebcn. lot on S line of Eagle avenue. 92:6 E
of Chestnut street, E 46 by S 147 :5. being lot
16. block 3. land 3 adjacent to Enctnal. Ala
meda: JIOO.
Margaret Poorman to Wllllanv Madlgan. lot
be-lnmns at SE corner lands of Plummer
Bros.'. 23 feet from the line of lands of Mrs.
Walsh, thence SE to a point opposite the a
line of road cr lane leading \\, formerly Mad
man's House. 1» same as now fenced to be
used for a roadway. "Washington TowiuMp:
Sinclair to Eliza Whltworth. lot on
XW line of Twelfth avenue. 23 S^\ of East
Twentieth street. SW 25 by N'W 150 block 113.
Clinton, subject to a mortgage for Jl2Cu. East
Oakland: $72- „ _
William Doxey. George T. Cameron. Percy
E. Towne. William Rlgby Jr. et al. (by^ll. B.
Belden. commissioner) to Frederick W. Weyhe.
lot 3. Map of Piedmont Terrace. Oakland Town
ship; J3395.
Eva Anderson to Julius and LouJse Toussalnt.
lot 43. block 23. Tract B, Berkeley Land arvl
Town Improvement Association. Berkeley: $10.
Martin G. and Elizabeth Kvalviy to Louis
Knitsen. lot on N line of Merchant avenue. 150
E of Vicksburjr street (formerly Dieves lane>.
E 100 by N 123. being lots 4 and 5. block V.,
Judd Tract (formerly a portion Patterson
Homestead). Erooklyn Township: $10.
R J. McMullen to Karl H. Xickel. lot on
NE line of Bay place.' 1C0.53 SE of Lee street.
SE 109.34. NE 123, NW 100, SW 87 to beginning.
Oakland; $10.
E. M. & Charlotte Smith to Rosa J. Wani
(wife of Charles), lot on E line of Magnolia
street. 1.17:6 S of Sixteenth. S 33 by E i:S:3,
block 557. Oakland: $10.
Albert H. Wrisht to Mary E. Partridge, lot
on N line of Thirtieth street. 33:3 E of I'nlon,
E 23 by N 100. block 66(5, subject to mortgage.
Oakland; $23.
Cosmos Land and Water Company (a corpora
tion) to San Francisco Savings Union, lot en
NE corner of Third and Center streets. E 31:9' 3
by N 123, block 472; also lot on N line of Third
street. 36:3-.» E of Center, E 73 by N 123, block
472, Oakland: $10.
Builders' Contracts.
Anna Ralsch (owner) with H. C. Kldder and
IT. MeCullough (contractors), architect Nathan
iel Blalsdell— All work except electrical work,
trimming hardware, mantels, shades and gaa
fixtures for a two-story ba^pment and attic
frame dwelling on S line of Hayes street. 136:3
E of Central avenue (Lott street), E 23 by S
137 :S; $4530.
Mary I. Parkinson (owner) with W. E. Grant
(contractor), architect . All work except
p?umbing. mantels, gas fixtures and window
shades for a two-story basement and finished
attic frame building on N line of Waller street.
134:7^4 E of Phrader. E 23 by N 100. Western
Addition block 633; $4260.
Bid. Ask. I Bld.Ask.
Alpha 01 0-> Justice U6 07
Alta 02 04:Kentuck 13 04
Andes 08 Oi Lady Wash .... — 03
Belcher 20 21 Mexican 35 38
Best & Belcher 34 35 Occidental #!8 1»
Bullion 03 04 Ophir SO 81
Caledonia 44 45 Overman 10 12
Chollar 22 23 Potost 22 23
Challenge Con.. i2 23 Savage 23 24
•Confidence 73 &0 Scorpion 02 —
Con Cal & Va..l 20 1 25 Seg Belcher .... 02 C3
Con Imperial... 01 02 Sierra Nevada. 34 3S
Con New York. 01 — Silver Hill 36 33
Cureka Con ... — 43'St Louis — 15
Crown Point... 12 ll;Standard 3 90 —
Exchequer t>l iT.' Syndicate 04 —
Gould & Curry 41 42! Union Con 23 26
Hale & Norc... 23 C6 ITtah 04 03
Julia — 04; Yellow Jacket.. 22 23
THURSDAY. October 4—4 p. m.
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
800 Crown Point... 13 1 200 Ophir 73
200 Gould & Curry 40j 700 Potosi 22
SCO Gould & Curry 33; 800 Savage 24
4 .-o Gould & Curry 3Sj 500 Silver Hill .... Si
300 Alpha Con .
500 AHa
COO Andes
300 Chollar
04, 300 Hale & Norc... 77
03[ 600 Mexican 35
Csj 300 Mexican 34
23 i 500 Occidental 04
Afternoon Session.
300 Andes C9 300 Hale & Norc... 27
500 Best & Belcher 35' WO Ophir 73
40(1 Challenge Con.. 23 1200 Ophir SO
200 Con Cal & Va..l "H) 500 Savage 24
2U0 Con Cal & V.I 22H; 4C0 Sierra Nevada. 33
5V' Con Oiil A Vd..I 2Ji 5C0 Sierra Nevada. 33
SO'* Crown Point... Hi 400 Silver Hill 36
300 Gould & Curry 3a! 200 Union Con .... 24
500 Gould & Curry 40[ i00 Union Con .... 25
300 Gould & Curry" 4l|
Mornlns Session.
The following were the sales In the Pacific
Stock Exchange yesterday:
Afternoon Session.
400 Andes C9 200 Savage 24
600 Belcier 20 400 Sierra Nevada. 3o
300 Best & Belcher 23 100 Union Con .... 25
2C0 Bullion 04 100 Union Con 24
100 Con Cal & Va..l 20 100 Yellow Jacket.. 23
1100 Gould & Curry 42i 100 Yellow Jacket.. 24
200 Ophir 80|
100 Alpha Con 04 200 Potosl 21
200 Belcher 20 400 Savage ......... 23
400 Best & Belcher 33 100 Sierra Nevada. 34
150 Ophir 76 100 Utah C5
Morning Session.
The following were the sales In th« San Fran
cisco Stock and Exchange Board yesterday:
600 Four Oil Co
200 Home Oil * 60
10 Kern River 21 2j
100 Monarch of Arizona »3
200 Monarch of Arizona •»•
50 Petroleum Center *0
200 Reed Crude Oil Co 52
50 San Joaquln Oil & Dev 7 .a
100 Sterling O & D Co - *2
340 Twenty-eight * *»
MINING STOCKS.
Afternoon Session.
Board— .<,
1,2:0 Four Oil Co • _**
3 Hanford '- ir
5 Kern River " ¦*
50 Kern River 1 V"
200 Monarch of Arizona j'
200 Reed Crude Oil Co , J~
11G Royal J !*?
, 2U0 Sterling O & D Co •• *?
250 Sterling O & D Co - *«
100 Sterling O &. D Co - *•»
Street— .
100 Monarch of Arizona Jj
1.000 Reed Crude Oil Co 51
Morntn- Session.
$3,000 Bay Counties Power Co 5s *°2 °°
25 Giant Powder Co "XX
25 Makaweli ....•¦ " ?X
$3,000 Oceanic Steamship bonds }«i ?/
$10,000 Oakland Transit Co 6s «! J™
$5,000 Sacto Klec. Gas & Ry os.. ™? -?
50 Spring Valley Water, b 10 •» JJJ
$2,000 U S 3s bonds (coupon) ""*"
Street— „, M
23 L P & A Bank "* l- u
100 Vlgorlt Powder * ilia
PRODUCERS' OIL EXCHANGE.
Afternoon Session.
25 Onomea Sugar Co w S
50 Paauhau S P Co £; £)
50 Spring Valley Water...-.- *? X'u,
.10 Spring Valley Water, cash JS 75
$2,500 U S 3s bonds (coupon) 1TO '"
Street— , 1rt 7 etu.
$2,000 Oceanic Steamship bonds w* o-ra
THE STOCK MARKET.
Flour, qr sks.... 9.370|5upar, bbls 60
Wheat, ctls 2,100 Esgs. doz 8,940
Barley, ctls 18,565 Wool, bags 66
Corn, East, ctls.. 600 Leather, rolls ... 73
Corn, ctls 125 QuicksiH-er. flsks 71
Cheese, ctls 252 Wine, gals 40,800
Butter, ctls 183 Tnllow. ctls 24
Beans, sks 2.310lPelts. bdls .....'. 305
Potatoes, sks ... 6.6i)2!Hldes. No 466
Bran, sks 1.993 Hops, bales 93
Onions, sks 1.24S Straw, tons 33
Middlings, sks .. 1.34C Hay, tons ,626
Sugar, sks 1.400
OREGON.
Wool, bales 11 f
WASHINGTON.
Flour, qr sks.... 2.5S6 Bran, sks 10,150
FOR THURSDAY, OCTOBER 4.
Receipts of Produce.
BAGS — San Quentin Bags, j $5 63: Calcutta
Grain Bags, S^c; Wool Bags. 2S%@32%c; Fleece
Twine, 7Hc: Fruit Bags, 6V4$6%c for white and
ty®S*ic for bleached Jute.
COAL— Wellington. $3 per ton; Southfleld
Wellington. $9; Seattle. $7: Bryant, $7; Coos
Bay, $5 50; Wallsend, $3; Co-operative Walls
end, $9; Cumberland, $12 in bulk and $13 25 In
sacks; Pennsylvania Anthracite Egg. $14: Can
nel, $12 per ton: Coke. $16 per ton In bulk and
$18 in sacks; Rocky Mountain descriptions.
$S 45 per 2000 lbs and $S 50 per ton, according
to brand.
SUGAR— The Western Sugar Refining Com
pany quotes, per lb. In 100-lb bags:
Crushed, 6.65c: Powdered, 6.25c; Candy Gran
ulated. 6.23c; Dry Granulated, 6.15c; Confec
tioners' A, 6.15c; Magnolia A. 5.75c: Extra C.
5.65c; Golden C, 5.55c; barrels. 10c more; half
barrels, 25c more; boxes. 50c more; 50-lb bags,
lOo more. No orders taken for less than 75 bar
rels or Its equivalent. Domtnos, half-barrels,
6.r*ic: boxos. 7.15c per lb.
Imports from the Islands in September were
36,750,000 lbs.
General Merchandise.
There Is nothing new to report In this mar
ket. 1
BEEF— 5%©6e for Steers and 4!4@3o per lb
for Hows.
VEAL— Large. 7@8c; small. 7®9c per lb.
MUTTON— Wethers, 7@7V4c; ewes, 6H@7c per
pound.
LAMB— 8®S»4c per lb.
. PORK— Live Hogs. 5%c for small. 5%®5%c for
medium and SViigoH for large; stock Hogs and
feeders, 5©5Vic; dressed Hogs, 7%@SVic.
San Francisco Meat Market.
HIDES AND SKINS— Culls and brands sell
about lc under quotations. Heavy salted
Steers. 9@9»4c; medium. 8V4c; light, 8c; Cow
hides. Sc; Stags, 6c; Salted Kip, 8c; Salted
Vt-al, 8c; Salted Calf, 9c; Dry Hides, 15c: culls,
lie; Dry Kip. 15c; Dry Calf, 15c; culls and
brands* 12c: Sheepskins, Shearlings, 13(ff25c
each; short Wool, 30® 40c each; medium, 50(Ji'70c;
leng Wool. 75c@$l each: Horse Hides, salt, $20
2 25 for large, $1 75 for medium, $1 for small
and^.0c for colts; Horse Hides, dry, $1 50 for
li.rge, $1 25 for medium, $1 for small and 25'goOc;
tor colts. Deerskins^ — Summer or red skins. Sic;
fall or medium skins. 30c; winter or thin skins,
17H®20c Goatskins — Prime Angoras, 75c; large
and smooth, SOc; medium, 33c.
TALLOW— No. 1 rendered, 4®4%c per lb; No.
2, 3@3Vjc; grease, 2(g2V4c
WOOL— Spring clip Is quotable as folTcws:
Northern, free, loig'iec; Northern, defective. 12®
14c; Middle County, free. 14®16c; Middle Coun
ty, defective, 12@14c; Southern Mountain, 12
months," 9010c; Southern Mountain, free. 7
months'. ll®12c: Southern Mountain, defective,
7 months', yfjllc: Humboldt and Mendoclno, 15
©17c: Nevada. 13j?18c per lb.
Fall Clip— San Joaquln. 6V«Sc: do Lambs' 8
©9c: Middle County. 9@llc per lb. ..
HOPS-llH<S14%c per lb.
Bacon has advanced Uc and Lard %c. The
tendency In all pork products is upward, except
Hams, which are kept down by local competi
tion.
CURED MEATS— Bacon, ll^c per lb for
heavy, 12c for light medium, 13%c for light.
14c for extra light and 15V£c for sugar cured;
Eastern susar-cured Hams, 12c: Mess Beef,
$12 50 per bbl: extra Mess, $13 50; Family,
$14 60; extra Prime Pork, $15 50: extra clear,
$19; Mess, $16 50; Smoked Beef. 12%£13c per lb.
LARD — Tierces quoted at 6*ic per lb for com
pound and O^c for pure; half-barrels, "pure,
9*ic; 10-Ib tins, I0V4c; 5-lb tins, 10%c.
COTTOLENE— One half-barrel, b%c; three
half -barrels, i^c; one tierce. 8Hc; two tierces,
S'/«c; five tierces, 8V4c per lb.
Hides, Tallozv, Wool and Hops.
Provisions.
All descriptions remain as previously quoted.
FKU1TS>— mines, feanta Claras, 4 sizes. 3c;
40-50S. 7c; E0-60S, SHc; 60-70s, 3%c; 70-80s, 3V«c;
80-9CS, 2%c; °0-100s, 2^4 c; 100s and over. 2c:
rubles. %c premium;. Sonomas, He and San
Joaquins. V*c less than Santa Claras, except
100a and over, which Ptand the same. "Apricots,
6<SSc for Royals and lOtillttc for Moorparks;
Eva t K)rated Apples, 5©6c; sun-dried. Z<3>*c:
Peaches. 5@5Hc for standard. 6-96Hc for choice
and 7®8c fjr fancy: Pears, 3@7c: Plums, pitted.
5@'6Hc; unpttted, 1®IHc; Nectarines, 5<S5Hc for
red and r>H@6c for white.
RAISINS— The Raisin Growers* Association
has established the following prices for the
season of 1900: Bleached Thompson's fancy.
12c per lb; choice, lie; standard. S^c: prime,
8c; unbleached. Thompson's 9c per lb. Sul
tanas—Fancy. 10%c per lb: choice. 9Hc: stand
ard. 8%c; prime. Sc; Unbleached Sultanas. 8c:
Seedless. 50-lb boxes, 6Hc; 2-crown loose Mus
catels, 6c; 3-crown. 6%c; 4-crown, 7c: London
Layers, 2-crown, $1 50 per box; 3-crown, $1 60;
Fancy Clusters, $2; Dehesa. $2 50; Imperial. $3.
All nrlces f. o. b. at common shipping points
in California. ,
NUTS— Chestnuts, ll@12'ic per lb: Walnuts.
No. 1 boftshell. lie; No. 2. 8c; No. I hardshell.
10c: No. 2. 7V4c; Almonds. 15@16c for paper
shell. ll@12Hc for softshell. Peanuts, 5@6c for
Eastern: Brazil Nuts, 13c; ' Filberts, 13c; Pe
cans. ll«T13c: Cocoanuts. J3 G0@5.
HONEY— Comb, 13HW14HC for bright and 12V4
Site for light amber; water white, extracted.
i^ie8c; light amber extracted, TQ'Ttfc; dark. 6
@6%c ni»r lb.
BEEESWAX— 24@26c per lb.
can Limes. $404 50: Bananas. Jl 5O®2 50 per
bunch; Pineapples. $1 50^3 50 per dozen.
Dried Fruits, Nuts and Raisins.
* ¦ *
Stocks and bonds continued quiet on the
morning session of the Bond Exchange. There
were sales of Oceanic at }03<iM 50, and of
Spring Valley Water at $93094 S7%.
Business was equally quiet in the afternoon
and the oil stocks were also tame.
STOCK AND BOND EXCHANGE.
. THURSDAY. Oct. 4—2:30 p. m.
Is quar coup...H4%115H is do cp (new).134 134%
4s do reg 114%U5«i 3s do coup 103»i —
MISCELLANEOUS BONDS.
Bay Co P Co.. 102 102V4 <"'ak Waw Fb. _ jna
i a--<«» Cabfa..li» li< Oceanic SS 5s.lO7%10"Ti
C C Water 5s..lO«>4107 Om C Ry 6s... 1:51* —
Ed L & P 63..130H — Pac G Imp 4s..l01V» —
V & Cl Ry 6s.. — — P & Cl Ky 6s. 104 —
Geary-st R 5s. — — P & O R H 6s.ll5 . —
H C & S 5V4s.. — — Powell-st R Cs.117 —
Do F« — — Pn'' I- O#-R S«.1M)14 _
L A R 5s — 103 S F & S J V5s.llSV4119%
L A Lt Co 6s.. — 103 *•* K ot Cal tis.lll^ -
Do gntd Cs... — — S P of A 6s.... — -112
L A Bntd 5s... — 101 S •' U hs n<>05)
L A P R R 5s. — 102 (Series A). ..107 107H
Mnrkot-st fi«...123Vi — lj " l** riM tn ""'<•
Do 1st M 5s.. — HSVi S P C 6s <1906).109i4110
N C N G R 7s. — 114 Lk> U312) .117^ —
N R of Cal tts.llS 115 S P n 1st gntd — —
Do fis 11" - fl'Rrh 1.70 _
N P C R R 69.102 - S V Water 6s.ll3H114£
Do 5s 105H106Vi Do 4s 1O3>4 —
N Cal Ry 6s... — HI Do 3d mtg...lO2 102»i
Oak O L. S- H.1W» — 3tcktn Gas. Us. — i^,,
Oak Tran 6s...ll6%117
WATER STOCKS.
Contra Costa.. 70 71 Spring Valley. 95 95&
Marin County. hVA — •
GAS AND ELECTRIC STOCKS.
rent G L Co.. — — Pac L Co _ _
Cent L &¦ P Co 4 4% Sac El G&RCo — 40
Eqult G L Co. 3^i SVi S P O. A E.... 52\ 53^
Mutual El Co. — lu» faan Francisco. 6 f>£
OGL&H....— 50 Stkn G & E Co — 14
Pac Gas Imp,. 5114 C2
INSURANCE STOCKS.
Firem's Fund. 227 — I
BANK STOCKS.
Anglo-Cal Ltd. 68 - jLon P & A... .133 133
Bank of Cal... 406 410 'Merchants' Ex 15 _
Cal S D i T..105 — Nev Nat B«... _ _
First Natlonal.285 300
SAVINGS BANKS.
Ger S & L - 1900 Sav & L So.... _ 81
Hum S & L... — — Sac Sav Bk.... _ _
Mut Sav Bk... 50 57% Union T Co _
& F &»v U 510 — % .
STREET RAILROAD STOCKS.
California 123 — 0H4H....'- 45
Geary-st. 23 - Presidio 14 221-
Market-st — 67»i ; /-n
POWDER STOCKS.
California — HE 1 * Vigortt 31/ 3 t 6
Giant Con Co.. 84H S4% * "•*
SUGAR STOCKS.
Hana S P Co. 714 'Vt KUauea S PCo 'nu 2m
Haw C Sr. S Co — — Makaweli S Co 43 <3U-
Honokaa S Co. 30 30% Onomea S Co.. 2SM 2s-^i
Hutch S P Co. — 23>i Paauhau S Co 30' 31
MISCELLANEOUS STOCKS.
Al Pack Assn. - 125 Pac A If A.... i« _
Cal Fruit Assn 98 — Pac C Bor Co. 130 liiu
Mer Ex Assn.. 97 100 'Par Paint Co.. 12H —
Oceanic S Co.. 93 93% I
Morning Session.
Board—
$7,000 Bay Counties Power Co 5s 102 00
25 Honokaa S Co.... 30 12^4
10 Oceanic Steamship Co 93 00
o Oceanic Steamship Co 93 60
50 Onomea Sugar Co 2S 50
Sanchez. W 80 by S 111; $1400.
Daniel E. and Pauline Martin to San Fran
cisco Savings Union, lot on W line of Sansome
street 6S:9 S of Greenwich. S 6S:9 by W 137:6;
$10.
Thoma3 Mcrrls to Anne Morris, lot on SW
line of Beale street. 1C2:6 SE of Folsom. SE. IS
by SW S7;6; also lot on S line of Chestnut
street, 137:6 E-of Dupont. E 30:6 2-3 by S 120;
also lot on NE line of Juniper street, 230 SE
of Folsom, SE 37:6 by NE SO; gift.
Overland Freight Transfer Company to LTly
F. Tilden (wife of Charles L-), lot on SE line
of Uluxome street. 91:S-NE of Fifth. NE 91:8
by SE 120; $10.
Martin Haubensak to Caroline Haubensak
(wife) lot on NE line of Decauter street, 63
SE of Bryant, NE 50 by SE 30; gift.
Stephen and Mary Maybell to California Pav
ing Company (corporation), lot on NE line of
Ninth street. 163:6^: SE of Brannan, SE 1C2:8.
thence 224:7, W 26J; also lot on NE line of
Ninth street, 163:6V- SE of Brar.nan, SE 102:S.
W 41:3. NW 137:6. SE 54:3 (quitclaim deed); $10.
John A. and Annie Reed to Solomon Gets:, lot
on E line of Ninth avenue, 150 N of K street.
N 25 by E 120; 110.
Mary H. Knofiach to Emma Todd (wife of
Samuel), lot on E line of Homestead street.
210 S of Twenty-fourth. S 50 by E 125. block
IS Noe Garden Homestead; $10.
Provident Mutual Loan Association to James
Rolph Jr.. lot on S line of Thirty-second ave
nue 150 W of I street. W 125 by S 100. lots 7
to 11, block 560, Cay Park Homestead: $375.
George O. Ormsby to Julia Abraham (Lin
coln), lot on E line of Thornton street. 100 N
of Shields, N 50 by E 100. block 5. City Land
Association; $70.
Alameda County.
G. A E. Chrlstensen to Mrs. A. S. Chrlsten
sen lot en X line of Madison street. 175 E of
High N 124:6 by E 62:6, Alameda; $10.
Eleonore Batkin to Hans Petersen. lot on
S line of Eighth street, 70 E of Union. E 3a
b3 France's lI a'nd'john II. Glllespy to W. J.
Baker lot on X line of Weston avenue. 40.26
E of Ruby street. N 130, E 27. S 126, W 27
to beginning, being lots 2 and 3. block C, Broad
way and Telegraph avenue Park Tract. Oak-
F 'a' arid Mae G. Losh to Lizzie Schwitter.
lot 'on' E line of Market street, 60:l'/j N of
Thhty-fourth, N 25 by E 116:3. being the S
25 feet lot 2. block L, map of property Cen
tral Land Company. Oakland: $10.
Easter C. O'Brien to John F.. Clara M. and
Joseph II. O'Brien, undivided three-eighths in
tercFt In the following: Lot on W line of San
Pablo avenue, SS:9 X of Twenty-first street.
X 29:7. W 100, S 29:6 C-16, E 100 to begtnnlng.
being lot 1 and portion lot 2, Smith Tract: also
lot on E line of San Pablo avenue. 110. SS N of
Thirty-second street. N 27.72. E 1SS.74. S 23. W
156.76 to beginning, being let 5, block 2040. Row
land Tract. Oakland; $1050.
Mrs. L. Bullard (widow) to Henry Xeeb, lot
on N line of Bay View avenue. 50 W of Cherry
street. W 50 by N 111. lot 5. block 15, Warner
Tract. Brooklyn Township; $10.
William. B. and Anna H. Mallck to Alma
Schneider, lot 21. block 23. Warner Tract,
Brooklyn Township; $10. . 'i
William and Asnes G. Mann to Herman
Romlng. lot on S corner of East Fifteenth
street and Thirteenth avenue. SE 100 by SW
50 block 64, Clinton: also lot on SW line of
East Fifteenth street, 110 SE of Thirteenth
avenue. SE 65. SW 125, NW 32:6. XE 50. XW
32:6 NE 75 to beginning, block 64, Clinton. East
Oakland; $10.
A. L. and Abble C. Payne to John and Mary
O'Connell, lot 7. block 2. Map of State Uni
versity Homestead Association, quitclaim deed,
Berkeley; $5.
William T. and Maud Ellis (his wife), Aus
tin B. and Eva Ellis (his wife) to E. H. Ems
lie (wife of C. C), lot on SE corner of Moss
(or Stuart) and Calais streets, S 45, E 150.60
N to a volnt 153,67 E from point of beginning.
W 153.C7 to beginning, being lot 6, block B, on
map of resubdlvlMon block B, Smith's subdi
vision Matthews Tract. Berkeley; $10.
Charles W. Kinsman to Charles F. Kinsman,
nil Interest in lot on N line of Blake street
127:6 E of Ellsworth. E 79:6 by N 134:6. block
A en a certain map surveyed by M. G. King
in July, 1S75. and also being a portion of plot
70. Rancho V. and D. Peralta. Berkeley $750
Mabel A. Ayer to Herman Murphy, lot 'on
SW corner of Webster street and Eagle avenue
S 62 by W 123. being lots 11 and 12, block C*
Sbepordson property. Alameda; $10.
Augustus F. and Mary J. Graeter to Blanche
A, Falk, the E half lot 22 on map James J
Foley's Tract. Alameda;" $1000.
Junna H. and Joseph Nevis to Maria A B
Schmeer. lot beginning at NW. corner lot 97*
Nevis Tract, on S line of Angela street thence
SE 128. NW 20. SW 62. NW 20. XE 130 to S fine
of Angela street, thence XW 40 to beginning
belr.g a portion of lot 31 and also a portion of
plat 96. Nexls Tract, Pleasanton. Murray Town
ship: $10.
Same to Incarnaclan Hlguera Bernal lot on
N line of county road, 174.10 E of Augustine
street. N 147.30. thence at an acute angle SW
80.20 to NE corner of lands of Slmas. thence
at an obtuse angle S 135.5, E 6 to beginning
beirg a_ rortlon of plat 96. Nevis Tract to
«>rrM«^' D- 88- to 1 "™ of Pleasanton. quitclaim
deed. Murray Townshln; $10. 4">n.«um
Thomas acd Mary E. Hig B ins to John Jen-
$10.
Luceba E. Agard to Louisa. C. Brush (widow),
lot on S line of Twenty-sixth street. SO W of
75 E of Hartford, E 23 by N 9S; $10.
Richard and Ellen Slnnott to American Surety
Company, lot on E line of Guerrero street. 116:1
N of Twenty-sixth, X 127:7, E 153:8. SW 204:1;
$10.
¦Fernando and Julia A. Nelson to Mary A.
Lonergan, lot on N line of Twentieth street.
Alvln B. Grosh to Louise M. Sage (wife of
O. G.). Elizabeth G. Larzelere (wife of W. R.).
Walter B. and Milton D. Grosh. lot commencing
137:6 W of Buchanan street and 120 S of I'age.
W 110 by S 17:6 (quitclaim deed); $5.
Louise M. and O. G. Sage, Elizabeth G. and
W. It. Larzerere. "Walter B. and Milton D.
Grosh to Harry A. L. Floyd (single woman),
lot on S line of Page street, 1S7:6 W of Bu
chanan, W 60 by S 120; also lot commencing
1S7:6 W of Buchanan street and 120 S of Page,
W 60 by S 17:6; $10.
'William H. and (Catherine M. Lane to John
W. and Hedwlg Grant, lot on N line of Eilis
street, 250 W of Devisadero, W 25 by X 137:6;
REAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
nla, quiet, 6s 6%d. Futures, steady; December,
Cs 4Ud; February, 6s Shid.
CORN— Spot, firm;- American mixed, new, 4s
3V±d; No. 2. old, nominal. Futures, steady;
November. 4s 2;4d;» December, 4s 2%d; Janu
ary, 3a ll%d.
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, OCTOBER o, liJUU
Chicago Grain Market.
EASTERN MARKETS.
Foreign Futures.
California Fruit Sales.
Nrju York Grain and Produce.
tt ¦ : *
NEW YORK. Oct. 4.— Earl Fruit Company
sales of California fruit: Grapes— Tokay, $2 SO
@2 90 double, 90c@$l 75 single crates; Clusters,
U 45®1 75; Cornlchon, $2 S0@3 05 double, $1 25<g!
1 65 single crates; Malaga, {1 15<91 25 ilngle
crates; Clusters, average $1 95. Pears — Nells,
80c@$l 25 box; Du Cornice, $3 15@3 85; Glout Mor
ceau, average fl SO half box; White Doyenne,
$1 3501 65 box; Du Coulee, $2 10®2 25 half box;
Nells, $1 30fjl 95 half box; Lawrence, S0cQ$l 20
box. Plums — Coe's Late, 6O@D0c single crates.
Prunes — Italian, 60©S0o single crates; Sliver,
average, SOc.
Porter Brothers Company sales: Grapes-
Tokay, $1 SO single. $3 35 double crates. Pears
—Doy du Cornice, $2 90@3; Glout Morceau, $1 75
©2 7u; Winter Nells. 40e@$l SO; Winter Seck
els, E0S85c. Plums — Coe's Late Red, 70c. Six
teen cars of fruit sold to-day.
CHICAGO, Oct. 4. — Porter Brothers Company
ssles of California fruit: Pears— Winter Nells,
$1 5501 75; Doy du Comlce, $1 25@1 65; Beurre
Clairgeau. $1 80; Lawrence, $1 2501 45; Easter
Keurre. 75c<8$l 25: Onondago. $1 20®l 25; Duch
e«se oo@90c Grapes — Morocco. S0c@$2 single
crate* Tokay, 60c@"$l 50; Clusters, 95c@$l 60;
Assorted 65cS$l 50; Emperor, 90c@$l 20; Mus
cat, 60c(fj$l 15-
Earl Fruit Company sales: Grapes— Tokay,
TOcgSl 20 single crates; Clusters. $1 20@l 50;
Malaga, 65@SSc. Prunes — Italian, 35ft GOc single
crates. Thirteen cars of fruit sold to-day.
PARIS.
COMMERCIAL AND FINANCIAL NEWS
8
NEW YORK. Oct. 4.— FLOUR— Receipts, 24.
415 barrels; exports, 14. 708. barrels; sales, 6900
packages. Market slow til day. Mills holding
out for higher prices, especially on spring
brands. The close was steady. Minnesota
bakers'. «.t/3 40.
WHEAT— RecelDts, 274,725 bushels; exports,
23,100 bushels; eales, 2.250,000 bushels futures;
85.000 bushels spot. Spot, easier; No. 2 red
82Hc f. o. b. afloat; No. 2 red. 81%c elevator;
No. 1 Northern Duluth, 87Uc t. o. b. afloat;
AUCTION SALES
1000 Golden Gate ave., cor. Laguna.
Elegant Mahocany Parlor Furnishings. Mas-
sive French Walnut. Golden Oak Chamber
Sets, FoHing Beds, Finest Hair Mattresses
and Beddir.2. Dlnlns-room and Kitchen Fur-
nlshlnzs and contents of Conservatory.
THIS DAY.
FRIDAY October 5. 1300
At 11 O'clock a. m. on the Premises,
WILLIAM BUTTERFIELD,
General Auctioneer. Room 42. Phelan Building.
CCEAJJ TRAVEL.
TOYO KISEN KAISHA.
THEO. R. & H. CO.
DISPATCH FAST STEAMERS TO
PORTLAND
From Spear-street Wharf at 10 A. M.
CADC $12 First Class. Including Berth
iMnC fa Second Class. and Meals.
COLUMBIA sails Oct. 5, 15. 23. Wmr, 1
STATE OF CALIFORNIA sails... Oct 10, 20. 33
Phort Line to Wall.i Walla. Snokanc. Rutte.
Helena and all points In th» Northwest.
Through tickets to all r-Mnts East.
E. C. WARD. Clenera! Ajcent.
fZT> Market street.
GOODALL. PERKINS & CO.,
Superintendents.
For San Dieirn. stopping only at Port Har-
fcrd CSan Luis Obtspo). Santa Barbara. Port
Los Angele3 and Redondo (Los Ansreles) — 11 a.
m.. Oct. 4. S, 12. 16. 20. 24. 23, Nov. 1. and
every fourth day thereafter.
For Santa Cruz. Monterey. San Simeon. Cayu-
ccs. Port Harford (San Luis Oblspo). Oavinta.
Patita Barbara. Vrotum, Hueneme. San Pedro.
East San Pedro (Los Amrelcs) and Xewwrt-l
a. m.. Oct. 6. 10. 14. 18. 22. 26, 30, Nov. 3.
and every fourth day thereafter.
For Ensanada. Miedal»aa P.ay. San J.ise dri
Cabo. Mazatlan. Altata.. La Paz. Santa Roxalia
and Ouaymas (Mexico)— 10 a. m., 7th of each
month.
For further Information obtain company's
folders.
The company reserves thp right to chnng»
steamers, sailing dates and hours of sailing
without previous notice.
TICKET OVFirE-1 New Montgomery
street (Palace Hotel).
GOODALL. PERKINS <v CO., Oen. Ascnta.
1') M:irk»t st.. San Francisco.
Pacific Coast Steamship Co.
i. Steamers Ieav» Broadway
*w wharf. Pan Francisco:
T3ai^-_ For Alaskan P.-.rts— 11 a. O.,
ttjtJj'w^J^jsk. Change to company's steam-
pw'KSsM^Jil For Viifi'a. Vnnrc'jver <J\.
fcJl^IIrtJJM C. ). P rt Tovrnwend, Seattle.
I Tacoma, Everett, An.icnrte*
and New Whatcom (Wash.)—
11 a. m.. Oct. 4, 8. 13. IS. 23. 0,
Nov. 2. and every fifth day thereafter. rtiar.i;»
at Seattle to this companv's steamers for
Alaska and G. N. R'y: at Seattle or Tacoma
to N. P. R'y: at Vancouver to C. P. R'y.
For Eureka. Humboldt Bay— 2 p. m.. Oct. i.
10. 15. 20, 23, 30, Nov. 4. and. every fifth day
thereafter.
30 Montgomery Street
INTERNATIONAL NAVIGATION CO..
From New Ycrk Every Wednesday. 12 noon.
Southwark Oct. JOtNoordland Oct. 31
Westernland Oct. 17|Fries!and Nov. 7
Kensington Oct. 2 J Southwark Nov. 14
RED STAR LINE.
New York and Antwero.
Stopplnsr at Cherbourg, westbound.
From New York Every Wednesday. 10 a. m.
New York Oct. 10|New York Oct. 31
St. Paul Oct. 17 St. Paul Nov. 7
St. Louts Oct. 24 St. Louis Nov. 14
AMERICAN LINE.
HEW YORK. SOUTHAMPTON. L0SO05. PAWS.
STEAMERS WILL LEAVE WHARF. COR-
ner First and Brannan streets, at 1 p. m..
for YOKOHAMA and IIONCKONa calling at
Kobe (Hlogo), Nagasaki ami Shanghai, an!
connecting at Hongkong with steamers for In-
dia, etc. No cargo received on board on day
of salltrr-
SS. AMERICA MARf
Wednesday. October 17. 1900
SS. HONGKONG MARU
Tuesday. November 13, 1300
SS. NIPPON MARU
. Thursday. December 6. 1300
Via Honolulu.
Round-trip tickets at reduced rates. For
frelgrht and passage apply at company'* office.
421 Market street, corner of First.
W. H. AVERT. General Agent.
" .'. Thursday. November 1. 5 p.m.
i. D. SPKECKELS & BROS. CO.. Agts., 643 Market SL
Pier 7. Foot Pacific SL Freight Office. 327 Market SL
0CEAK1C S.S. CO.— HONOT.ITX.I:, APIA
AlCKI^ND A>'U SIDNEY. *
<5S QUEEN (Honolulu only) .„
' Wednesday. October 17. 2 p.m.
SS. ALAMEDA to New Zealand and Aus-
tralta Wednesday. October 31. 9 p. m.
SS. AUSTRALIA to Tahiti
"0MPA3SI3 GEXtEAI.'S TRAJ43ATLA5TIQUE
DIRECT LINE TO HAVRE-PARIS. -^.^
Sailing every Thursday, instead of
Saturday, from November 2, 1SJ3, atOtaWeK
10 a. m.. from Pier 42. North River, foot of
Morton street. L 1 AQL'IT/.INE. Oct. 11- LA
LORRAINE. Oct. IS; LA PRETAGNE. Oct. 23-
LA TOCRAINE, Nov 1. First class to Havre
$35 and upward. Second class to Havre $42 50
and upward. GENERAL AGENCY FOR
UNITED STATES and CANADA. 32 Broadway
(Hudson building). New York. J. F. FUOAZI
&-. CO.. Pacific Coast Agents. 5 Montgomery
avenue. San Francisco.
Steamer "Montlcello."
MON\. Tues., Wed. Thurs. and Sat. at 913
a. m.. 3:lo. 8:30 p. m. (ex. Thurs. nieht): Fri-
days. 1 p. m. and S:3O; Sundays. 10:3a a. m s
p. m. Landing and office. Mission-street Dock
Pier No. 2. Telephone Main 150S.
FARE 5^
BAY AND KIVER STEAMERS.Army a,rL<3. IsTarvy League to
IE3Iarv@ Si Oazxrpfir©.
INCREASING IS THE ENERGY
OF THE LOCAL REPUBLICANS
The Forbidden Palace.
After the march of the troops through
the Forbidden Palace at Peking a party
of civilians. Including the ladles of the
legations and several well known mis
stonaries, was admitted. Tea was served
and then the Imperial palaces were In
spected. The most remarkable featurej
cf the Imperial buildings are said to b«»
exterior gilding and the staircases carve 1
out of single stones, with figures of
dragons, lions and ether ornaments. Thc
bed of the Empress Is trimmed with solid
gold. After the inspection the states were
closed again, and no otw was permitted
to enter the grounds.— London Mai'
Australasia's New Metropolis.
There Is every probability that early In
next year the site of the Australian Fed
eral capital will be decided and com
petitive plans for laying It out Invited.
The idea is that It should be one of the
finest cities of Its kind In the world en-
Joying a salubrious climate and possess
ing beautiful surroundings. Only the pub
lic buildings will be constructed at the
cost of the commonwealth, all others be
ing left private enterprise—Commer
cial Intelligencer. ¦
"IRISH NIGHT" AT FAIR
.IN ST. MABY'S ttat.t.
OAKLAND. Oct. 4.— The entertainment
at the fair In St. 2ilry's Hall to-night was
In char go of Sacred Heart booth. It wa3
known as "Irish night," and an especially
Inviting programme was presented. Tho
members o^f the Catholic societies connect
ed with Father King's parish marched to
the church In a body and were received
by a committee of Iadlea from Sacred
Heart booth.
Saturday evening's entertainment will
be given by the members of the choir
booth. The following named ladles will
lend their services: Misae9 Mary Conroy-
Jennie Allen. Margaret Conroy, Margaret
Meyers. Laura Jackson. Clara Fields
Mary Doling. Mary McLaughlin. Gene
vleve McCarthy, Mary McCormack, M.
Moran and Mrs. Jacobus.
LADIES ABE PLEASED
• WITH CATHOLIC FAIR
BERKELEY. Oct. 4.— To-night, the sec
ond night of the Catholic fair, brought
out a large crowd In spite of the threat
ening weather. The ladles ot St. Joseph's
parish are well pleased with the result of
the first two nights' work. They predict
a good attendance throughout the fair.
St. Mary's booth, under Mrs. A. Mc-
Clellan, had charge of this evening's pro
gramme. Selections were rendered by
Henry Seekamp on the violin, accompa
nied by Mrs. Seekamp. Miss Annie Mc-
Cullough recited in a very clever manner
Throughout the ten days' fair the re
freshment booth In the banquet hall will
be open from 11:30 to 1:30 o'clock. Lunch
will be served during these hours
will havo for its principal object the beau
tifying of the plats which have been set
aside for parks along the railroad near
Alcatraz avenue.
At a meeting of the club last evening it
was decided to hold a grand rally on Oc
tober lo. Several prominent speakers will
address the meeting. A band, fireworks
and bonfires will enliven the occasion
Preparations for Campaign.
OAKLAND. Oct. 4.— The first big Repub
lican parade and meeting of the campaign
will be held Saturday evening. Senator
George C. Perkins will be the orator of the
evening and E. Myron Wolf, a brilliant
young orator of San Francisco, will also
deliver an address. W. Frank Pierce will
preside at the mass meeting and the mem
bers of the Quarter Century Republican
Club will be invited to act as vice presi
dents.
The Bear and Phoenix clubs of San
Francisco have accepted Invitations, to
participate In the parade. All of the'Re
publican Clubs In Alameda County have
been notified that places have been-re
served for them in line. The County Cen
tra! Committee has arranged for an elab
orate display of fireworks, and numerous
bonfires will blaze along the line of march.
REPUBLICAN ALLIANCE
HOLDS OPENING BALLY
increased energy."
OAKLAND. Oct. 4.-The first rally of
the Republican Alliance Club of Alameda
<ounty was h"ld this evening In the club
quarters at Twelfth and Webster streets.
There wan an enthusiastic attendance of
finance men and visi'ors, the member*
¦ f th* 1 Twentieth Century Republican
Club being the guests ci honor.
The Brst vpc.Tkrr v;n« .*r. George C.
v .^,i. r / v.r-n r><-T:srraU!lr»tr<l the alliance
on Its never failing support of the party.
"It i* time that the vork was done to
g^t out the majority that Alameda
County Republicans have always put
forth !n county. State and national elec
tions." said the speaker. "We have be
gun late and we znusl make u\i for loss of
Bx> Justice Kojc of Lhe Supreme Court
was Introduced and ?pok« at length. In
the course of his remarks he said:
"The promises of the Republican party
have been more than redeemed during the
lime McKinley has bftn President.
•'StaUKtics Drove that everywhere in the
United States the demand for labor is
greater than the supply. Four years ago
there were G00.00O tramps In the country.
"An old classmate of the Democratic
candidate said to me the other day:
'Bryan has but one Idea. It is everything
and anything for Bryan. He Is the great
est egotist on earth.' In those words are
the key to all Bryan's action."."
At the conclusion of the addresses re
freshments were served to all present.
Big Rally at Berkeley.
BERKELEY. Oct. 4.— The Republicans
of Berkeley wll! hold the big rally of the
campaign October 29 at the - Berkeley
Opera-house. This date wan decided upon
last evening at a meetlntf^f the executive.
• ommittcc of the Berkeley Republican
Olub. An effort la being made to Induce
S'-nator Beveridpe to speak at the rally.
The members of the executive committee
are: Judge H. C. Barrow. Thomas Rlck
•ird, Judgt- Wheaton, A. Gray, E. J. Mar
tin, Charles H. . Spear, Warren Cheney
and J. L. Scotchler.
The . members of the South Berkeley
Republican Club will not disband as soon
as the excitement of the Presidential cam
paign has subsided.* Instead of disorgan
ising the club will become known as the
South Berkeley Improvement Club and
Dr. Grover was born In Tolland County,
Connecticut. He was a graduate of the
Berkshire Medical College in Massachu
setts, came to California in 1849 and com
menced practicing In San Francisco. He
was the secretary of the first Board of
Aldermen in that city, an organizer and
first secretary of the State Medical Asso
ciation and a member of the San Fran
cisco Board of Education In the early '6Ts.
For some years Dr. Grover was physi
cian at the Folsom State Prison and later
on the China line of steamers and then on
the Australian line. Failing health ne
cessitated his retirement.
Besides a wife he leaves three daugh
ters—Mrs. J. L. Whltbeck of Sacramento,
Harriet M. and Helen Grover. The fu
neral will probably be held on Saturday,
but complete arrangements have not been
made.
BERKELEY, Oct. 4.— Dr. William A.
Grover, a pioneer physician of this State,
died this morning at his home, 2327 Chan
nlng way. j He was 82 years of age.
nected With Early State Affairs,
Dies at His Berkeley Home.
DEATH SUMMONS A
PIONEER PHYSICIAN
Dt. W. A. Grover, Prominently Con-
"No, sir." answer he of the bell rope.
"Well, will you hold It for mo?"
"Yes. sir." ,
The passenger turned over the partly
smoked cigar to the conductor. "Do I
need a check for it?'"
"No, sir. I'll remember you." .
"Thanks. Let me off at the Capitol,
please."
At the Capitol the passenger passed out.
"My cigar, please," he said to the con
ductor.
"Here you are, sir." ?
"Thnnks. Got a match?""
•The conductor furnished the match.—
New York Commercial Advertiser.
,A visitor In Albany, while waiting for a
car at the corner of State and Pearl
streets, lighted a two-for-a-quarter cigar.
When the properly tinted trolley car came
along he boarded It and disposed himself
for a comfortable smoke from the rear
platform.
"You can't stand out here, sir," said, the
conductor. "You'll have to go into the
car." The traveler started to do this.
"You can't take your cigar into the car
with you," said the conductor.
"Well, is there any little shelf on the
outside where I can put It?"
The Conductor and the Cigar.
, OAKLAND. Oct. 4.— Marriage licenses
were Issue to-day to James David
Davles. 28 years of age. and Fannie Mor
gan. 26, both of San Francisco: Andrew
Campbell Russell, 21, and Lillian L. Freese,
21, both of Stockton; Antone G. Duarte
81, of Niles, and Lenora Sllva, 17. of Cen
tervllle; Peter Ankerson. 23, San Fran
cisco; and Eugenie Matilda Du Four 18
Oakland: Francis Joseph Green, 29, and*
Margaret M. McGlade. 33. both o{ San
Francisco; Alfred Edward Nicoletti. 20
and Hlldagard Neumann, 20, both of Oak
land; George Anthony Soule,- 54, and
Matey Watson. 3fi. both of Oakland.
Licensed to Harry.
NILES, Oct. 4.'— A number of prominent
Republicans of Nlles met last night and
organized the Nlles McKinley and Roose
velt Club. Judge H. J. Tilden was unan
imously elected president. Much enthusi
asm was evinced and several rousing
speeches- were " made. The club will meet
next Saturday evening to arrange plans
for an aggressive campaign.
Niles Bepublican Club.
Blagovestchensk, in Siberia. Is a city of
about -40,009 Inhabitants.; It has many fine
buildings* including four or five Greek
churches, one of which Is a cathedral, and
one is In process of construction. Besides
a large department store of a German
firm, there Is a Russian department store
which would hold its own in Broadway
or Sixth avenue in point of size and equip
ment. The building is of white stone an.l
stands. on one side of the huge market
square/where dally the country people
congregate with their fresh supplies of
milk, eggs and butter. The prices may be
a little heavier and the variety of stock
not so large as In the haunts of our Amer
ican shoppers, but one cannot help feel
ing surprised at what can be bought in
this, faraway part of the world; Including
a large .selection of toys.- cameras and
photograph supplies— New York Tribune.
Department Stores in Siberia.
Preached in Eastern Pulpit.
OAKLAND. Oct. 4.— William Nat Friend,
who is on his way to Princeton Univer
sity, preached last Sunday .at the morn
ing and evening services of the Claremont
Presbyterian Church of Jersey City.
Bishop Moreland to Speak.
OAKLAND. Oct. 4.— The Right Rev. W.
H. Moreland, D.D., Bishop of Sacramento,
will address the meeting of the Mission
ary Society of the East Oakland Church
of the Advent, which will be held at the
residence of Mrs. A. L.. White. 304 East
Seventeenth street, on Friday at 2:30 p. m.
Loses an Eye While at Play.
OAKLAND, Oct. 4.— Walter Jordan, 8
years old, the son of G. E. Jordan of 562
Eleventh street, met with an accident yes
terday while at piny that resulted in the
loss of his right eye. The lad is a pupil
at a orivate school, and during the noon
hour "was spinning tops in company with
several playmates. One of the boys tossed
his top and it accidentally struck Walter
Jordan, the peg penetrating his right eye.
The Injured boy was carried to the of
fice of Dr. H. G. Thomas, who found It
necessary to remove the eyeball. With
careful treatment the other eye will not
be affected.
MUS. POWELL PACKED
UP AND LEFT HOME
Marriage That Was a Great Society
Event Ends in a Suit for
Divorce.
ALAMEDA, Oct. 4.— Society is to be
taken aback by the announcement that
Mr. and Mrs. James A. Powell have dis
agreed, have separated, and will probably
be divorced.. They have both enjoyed
high standing in local' society. The hus
band seeks the divorce from his wife on
the ground of desertion.
In his complaint the husband states
that during one of their many spats Mrs.
Powell declared that she would leave him
and never come back. She followed up
her threat by packing her belongings and
departing from the Powril domicile at
2260 Central avenue. Mr. Powell docs not
know his wife's whereabouts. Mrs. Pow
ell's relatives said nothing about her dif
ficulties with her husband and It va<s
generally supposed among her friends
that she had gone to New York to sell
some paintings in the possession of the
Nahl family, of which she is a member.
The Powells were married in Alameda
on June 19, 1897. The wedding was a so
ciety event. It took place at the Nahl
residence, which was recently destroyed
by fire. Mrs. Powell was the daughter
of the late Arthur Nahl, the famous
artist, and Is the sister of Perham and
Virgil Nahl, well-known newspaper ar
tists. When the fire in the Nahl residence
destroyed a large number of pictures it
was thought that some of the master
pieces in the Nahl collection had gone up
in smoke, too, but afterward it was stated
that Mrs. Powell had' taken them East
with her to dispose of. t
Mr. Powell is a concrete work con
tractor. His Interests in the divorce suit
will be looked after by Cotton & Perry.
I DR. O. 8. DEAN. PRESIDENT
ALAMEDA COUNTY CHR1S
| TIAN ENDEAVOR UNION.
WOULD HAVE POSTOFFICE
CLOSED ON THE SABBATH
OAKLAND, Oct. 4.— The Alameda
County Chnstlan Endeavor
Union has Btarted a movement
to have the Oakland Postofflo?
Closed all day Sundays. In order
to secure data upon which to work Dr. O.
S. Dean, the president of the union, made
a canvass last Sunday of those who ap
plied for their mall on the Sabbath. The
result of this canvass showed that seven
eighths of the people who came to the
postofflce on Sunday were church-going
people.
The plan Is that by Dr. O. S. Dean,
president of the organization, assisted by
Arthur Humphrey, Christian Endeavor
superintendent of Lord's day observance,
and E. Lyon, past president, who mapped
out a method of operation, which was put
Into effect last Sunday.
At that time members from the Chris
tian Endeavor societies of every church In
Oakland took their station In the post
offlce corridor, counted the number of ap
plicants for mail and noted the name of
each church member who called.
"Three hundred persons called or sent
for their mall last Sunday," said Dr.
Dean. "Of ttiat number se- en-eighths
were, by actual count, church-going peo
ple. During that day not over twelve
business men asked for their letters. Our
Investigation shows that we are right In
our contention that it !s the church peo
ple who keep the postofflce open and pre
vent the clerks from attending religious
services. Postmaster Friend has said that
if there Is not a sufficient number of ap
plicants at the office delivery on Sunday
to warrant keeping the window open 83
a matter of public convenience he will
close the postofflce on that day. The mat
ter is in the hands of the church people.
"We have discovered some amusing
things In the course of our Inquiries. A
number of people, known to the clerks,
call at the office every Sunday without
fall: yet they do not get mail on any day
more than once In three months. Two per
sons with whom I have talked this week
admitted that they arranged to have their
letters come on Sunday, because It gave
them more pleasure to receive them on
that day."
Arthur Humphrey, superintendent of
Lord's day observance. Is taking an act
ive part in the Sunday closing movement
He said:
"Next week we shall distribute In each
of the local churches cards asking the
members not to call at the postofflce on
Sunday, and explaining- the Importance of
their complying with the request. We are
going to work earnestly and feel sure of
success."
Christian Endeavor Union of Alameda
Starts Movement to Effect That End.
"Of course, the employes of the post
office are very anxious to have Sundav i<\
a holiday." said the Postmaster. "They
are no more fond of working on that day
than other men. The postofflcc. however.
Is to a great extent the servant of tho
people. Whether or not the postoffiVe
shall be open on Sundays fs a question for
Its patrons to determine."
Postmaster Friend pays he will follow
the consensus of public opinion In the
matter.
E. Lyon, who originated the crusade
against Sunday delivery, has done good
work for the cause In Ins own church.
"Last Sunday not a member of the First
Baptist Church, which I attend, was to oe
seen at the delivery window." said Mr.
Lyon. "Two-thirds o» those who came
were from one church. I suppose the
proximity of that place of worship to tho
postofflce had something to do with thj
proportion."
Fifth Blaze of Supposed Incendiary Origin
Excites Citizens.
POPULACE OF ALVARADO
IS AROUSED BY FIREBUG
town since June." and the residents ara
thoroughly aroused. They will make ef
forts to discover the originator of last
night's conflagration and will offer a re
ward for his apprehension If necessary.
The burned bonding was situated a short
distance from town, and at night a watch
man patroled the premises. He was on
his, way to his work In the evening when
the blaze was discovered.
The fire was the fifth of apparent Incen
diary origin which has. occurred In the
OAKLAND, Oct. 4.— Alvarado was the
scene of a fire last night which the resi
dents of that place believe was the work
of an incendiary. A large hay barn be
longing to P. Hellwlg. together with four
horses, was burned. The loss Is placed at
$3000. with $1000 Insurance.
Tho campaign committee of the Army
nnd Navy Republican League of Callfor
nla met last evening at the I'nion League
< I.ili and considered a proposition to open
headquarters and bring the veterans into
line. The subject was discussed by H.
D. Talcott M. D. Hyde. J.
Murray Ilailey, C. T. Mastellar and W.
«\ Albergrr. It was the sense of the con
ference that headquarter? «=hould be es
tablished an<3 at least one great camp
fire be prepared. The State Central Com
mittee Is not in a position to aid the
lc.igue in a financial St-nse. but the veter
ans •will be able to raise the mnn.'y for
me rousing demonstration in support of
MrKinUy ar.d Roosevelt.
Albert G» rlxrding will preside at the
Horace Platt meeting in Metropolitan
Temple this «-v<riing. The meeting prom
j;.*>(5 to be one of the Interesting events of
the Republican campaign. Mr. Platt's
ability to entertain and instruct an intei
l.itual audience is not ouestinned.
The Saturday night RepuMican mrct
inp-«= throughout the State will arouse tho
(•nthufiaKm of citizens. Governor Gage
will sp.«k at Grass Valley. Senator I'tr
kins and E. Myron Wolf will talk at Oak
lir>d. S. M. Fhortridge and Eugene 1".
T.'.H'l will address the people of Sail
M-iteo. Frank 1^. Coombs will speak at
Si-sons S. D. Woods at Jackson. J. C.
Needham and O. Z. Hubbell at River
side James McLaehlan at Alhambra. Coi
<mel T V. Eddy in Humboldt County. L.
V Hitchcock at Alturas. \V. H. L.. Hyn"s
And H. Cans at Trinity Center and J. li.
Koberts at Sonoma.
the People Paithfully and
Well.
JUSTICES OF THE PEACE.
¦Worthy Candidates "Who "Would Serve
In voting for candidates for Justice of
tr-.e Peace the citizens of San Francisco
¦will pay Blight attention to party
nomtoAUons. Five justices are to be
• h- sen and eleven candidates are In
the field. Five were nominatfd by Martin
Ke'.iy':; B'nal IVrith Hall Republican
convention and five others secured noml
nation* from Gavin McNab's Democratic
convention, and one candidate. G. W. F.
Cook is th* nominee <>t the convention ol
th< C;!z. n?' P.epublican party.
In alerting five to be voted for the
elector? 'hmild rut tx? governed by parti
fan considerations. It is the rankest
nnnper:?*- to maintain that the Republican
nations 1 licket will be imperiled or the
election of a Republican nominee for Con
g,liLM rendered doubtful by independent
action of the voters In making non-parti
tan selections for the Judiciary.
In a general sense it ran be saM that
worthy candidates have been nominated.
Young lawyers of merit and promise have
been recognized: Native Sons who have
hnd the advantage of university educa
lions in California are well represented In
the Ufi of nominees. It Is clearly the duty
«>f tho voter to scan the list, make diligent
inquiry regarding th*» fitness of each
nominee, and vote for the best five candi
date?, regardless of their party affiliation.
There are degrees of fitness so far as
tru-Mai equipment Is concerned for the
r.ffiee of Justice of th*» P<*ace. Some of
the candidates, no doubt, are better quali
1,<-><1 than others by reason of experienc**
ar:d knowledge in the law. As to the
filiation of hones-ty. then* are no grades.
The candidates cannot 1>^ graded or clas
sified in group?, indicating the honest, the
f:iir!y honest and the dishonest. The
rnrr.lni-f- is either straight e>r crooked.
This journal :.° rot In possession of proof
to justify th«» assertion that any one of
the eleven candidates is dishonest. If a
crook were running for the office and this
paper had knowledge of his crookedness
there would be no hesitancy in giving the
public the benefit of such knowledge.
There is a d<*al of talk about Justices of
the Peace who stnnd in with Jake Rauer.
but the accusation of complicity with the
collector of bad debts is general rather
than specific.
The fall has no hesitation In suggest
ing that five of the best nominees may
bo taken from the following list:
Percy V. Long, Thomas F. Dunn, John
Daniels. H. L, Joaehimpen. T. I. Fitz
patriok. D. S. O'Brien. G. W. F. Cook and
Joseph T. O'Connor.
The name of G. W. F. Cook was pre
sented to the Republican convention,
which met in B'nai B'rith Hall, but his
nomination was denied for the reason that
he had failed to deride a case according to
Martin Kelly's notions of law and Justice.
Thf» case was one In which Kelly and the
wlilnw of Senator Mahoney were litigants,
and judgment against the boss was ren
dered by Justice Cook.
The effort in the Democratic convention
to punish W. R. Daingerfield for similar
cause was not Fuocessful, as the disap
pointed litigant did not control the works,
but in the Republican convention Kelly
mastered tho delegates and turned down
the man who declined to render Judgment
as the boss ordered.
HARMONY THAT FAILED.
Mayor Repudiated by the Dominant
Faction in the Thirty-Ninth
District.
The Democrats of tho Thirty-ninth As
sembly District have decided that har
mony is a luxury too expensive for them
to enjoy. There are two factions in the
district, and both met last night at Sara
toga Hall with a purpose of settling their
differences and continuing the campaign
as a single club. The meeting adjourned
with th« factions more bitterly opposed
to one another than ever before. The ma
jority faction, which Is opposed to Mayor
Phclan and all he represents, has a club
of over 4fi>) members. Tho Phelanitefl
have a club of about 100 members and the
advantage of the organization. It was
proposed for the pake of harmony that
the Phelanites give up their club and be
absorbed by the enemy. The followers of
his Honor were perfectly willing, but at
the last moment the enemy got the sulks
and refused the glad hand.
The quarrel possesses Interest because
of the State Senatorial contest. The
Democratic nominee was placed In the
field by the Phelajiltes and naturally Is
r-xpocted to bo one of the supporters of
his Honor for a national toga. The oppo
sition therefore pledged itself not to vote
for any Senatorial aspirant who would
not bind himself to vote for Stephen M.
White for United States Senator.
Around this point the interest of the
session last night revolved. A resolution
declaring that Republican rumors to the
effect that tho club did not Intend to sup
port L. H. Ward for State Senator were
unfounded was introduced, and the storm
began. Fiery orators insisted that the
club Is a national one and local politics
has no place in its affairs. The resolution
was therefore duly burled and Immedi
ately after another resolution Indorsing
the policy of the yellow sheet in local pol
itics was adopted with a howl. This was
a plain slap at his Honor the Mayor and
all* thought of harmony was abandoned.
The meeting was then addressed briefly
by R. P. Troy. R. Porter Ashe. L. H.
Ward and II. McLaln.
Democratic District Meetings.
The Bryan and Stevenson Club of the
Thirty-ninth Assembly District held an
enthusiastic meeting at Saratoga Hall
laet night. R. P. Troy, Porter Ashe and
Louis Ward were the speakers of the
evening.
The Twenty-ninth Assembly District
Democrats hnd a meeting last night at
their club headquarters. Joseph M.
Plunkett, candidate for Senator; James E.
Murphy, D. S. O'Brien and J. T. O'Con
nor, candidate, for Justice of the Peace.
R. P. Troy and T. J. Horan made short
speeches.
DEMOCRATIC RALLIES.
Jud R. Rush and John J. Barrett at
Metropolitan Temple To-mor
row Night.
The Democratic State Central Commit
tee has arranged for a meeting at Met
ropolitan Temple to-morrow night. Jud
R. Rush of J,os Angeles and John J. Bar
rett of San Francisco will be the speak
ers. Francis J. Heney will preside.
D. M. Df-lmas and J. D. Sproul will
speak at a rally at Sacramento to-morrow
night. Other meetings for that night are
J. H. Henry and Franklin K. Lane will
speak at San Jo?e. W. D. Crichton and
Miles Wallace will be the speakers at
Bakersfield; Frank Freeman and Seth
Milllngton will speak at 'Woodland; W.
H. Alford at Eureka; J. II. Simmons at
St. Helena; Burdette Cornell at Orland
and L. H. Irvine at Sonoma.
Wllllam Graves, candidate for Congress
In the Sixth District, will open his cam
paign at Santa Cruz Monday night. He
will sneak at Watsonville October 9; at
Monterey October 10 and at Salinas Oc
tober 11.
James F. Farraher. candidate for Con
gress in the First District. Is campaign
ing this week In Sierra, Plumas and I.us-
Burdette Cornell will speak to-night at
Germantown. J. H. Simmons speaks at
Callstoga to-night, at Yountville to-mor
row at noon, and at St. Helena to-morrow
night. L,. H. Irvine is to speak at Seba«
topol to-night.
Not in Hurry to Resign.
Alfred Bouvier said yesterday that he
expected to resign the chairmanship of
the Republican County Central Commit
tee, but that ho did not intend to be pre
cipitous about sending in his resignation.
H. E. Henderson, who was one of the
seven appointed on the campaign commit
tee by Acting Chairman Hillman of the
County Central Committee Wednesday
night, announces that he will not accept
the appointment.
Republican Candidates Confer.
A. meeting of the judiciary and legisla
tive candidates of the Republican party
was held at the headquarters of the. Stat&
Central Committee last night. The local
political situation was discussed and cam
paign plans considered. P. .A. Bergerot
chairman of the County Convention* D*
J. Murphy and Davis Louderback took
prominent parts In the discussion.
Ratification Meeting 1 Proposed.
The • organization committee of tl'e
Democratic County Central Committee
met last night and considered plans for
the holding of district rallies. A general
ratification meeting to be held late next
week was also considered, but the dale
and other details were left to be decided
upon later.
Kahn Campaign Club.
A Julius Kahn campaign club was or
ganized Wednesday night at Saratoga
Hull. The following oflicers were elected-
D. J. G. Crawford, president; David L,"
Reynolds, secertary; H. A. Herrlnger'
BOY DENIES KNOWING
HIS OWN FONI> FATHER
Harry Harmon Refuses to Recognize
Parent' Who Comes to
Identify Him.
OAKLAND. Oct. 4.— "No. sir; I don't
know you."
Nine-year-old Harry Harmon stood In
the City Prison this afternoon and looked
directly at his father when he said this.
"You don't know me!" shouted the
father.
"No, elr; I never saw you before."
"Well, you will know that you've seen
me once when I get you home." said the
old man.
Harry Harmon came under the care of
the Oakland police last evening, when
Mrs. G. W. Atkinson of Fourth avenue
notified the City Hall police station that
a nine-year-old boy from San Francisco
was at her home with no place to go and
hopelessly lost. The police brought the
boy to the City Prison, and he told a very
straight and apparently convincing story
of having been In San Francisco but a
very few weeks,. where his father was en
gaged In digging sewers. Several days
ago he came to Oakland and had not been
able to get hack. He told a pitiful story
of having been hungry and with no place
to go, so he appealed to Mrs. Atkinson for
aid.
It was quite a pathetic story, and the
boy was given a little extra care and at
tention for a rough and tumble police sta
tion. This morning: Detective Kyte -was
put upon the case, and before the day
was over he had located W. H. Harmon,
the father of the boy, who lives on East
Eighteenth street.
The lad's home was only a few blocks
away from the place where he was ar
rested, and this seemed a little peculiar
in view of the remarkable story of priva
tion told by him. Mr. Harmon was asked
to come to the City Prison and identify
bis son.
When Mr. Harmon walked Into the pris
on he recognized his boy at once. But the
boy was not so ready with his recogni
tion, and when the father said, "What
are you doing here, Harry?" the preco
cious youngster denied his father abso
lutely. He did It with such apparent
earnestness that Detective Kyte and Cap
tain Wilson were deceived for a few mo
ments themselves. The boy stuck to hla
denial of his own father until he could
stand it no longer, and then he broke
down and admitted the whole story.
"I only did it to see how it would feel,"
whimpered the boy.
"I'll show you how it feels when you
get home." replied the father.
MRS. G. A. WIESE. WHOM THE
BULLET OF AN ENEMY JUST
! MISSED.
Tlie Lady Is Prostrated Tliro-u.gtL
Excitement.
-^
City Electrician Wiese. whose wife had
such a narrow escape from being shot.
"It occurred, my wife says, not more than
five minutes after I left the house to go
uptown at 7 o'clock. With my wife in the
house were our two boys. She was busy
In the. pantry putting some things away
when suddenly a shot rang out. followed
bv a crash of glass and then the whizz
of something by her head. She happened
to te stooping down at the time. •!se she
would have been stiuck. The bullet cam?
through the open window. Of couse my
wife and the children were badly fright
ened. She quickly bolted! the back dodr
and ran to summon Stuart Taylor. They
all investigated the place, but could find
no one around. It is a mysterious affair.
and I am puzzled to know what la at the
bottom of It. It doesn't seem possible
that an *nemy even would be so das
tardly as to take any of our lives by
shooting through the dark."
• P. Fiegbeder. a baker, reported to the
police that a window In his bakeshop has
been broken by some miscreant, but he la
not sure that It was done last night or at
some other time.
"I did not learn of the shooting affair
until an hour after It happened," said
could not be seen. She had Just recovered
from a Ions illness and the shock was
too much for her nerves.
ALAMEDA. Oct. 4.— Mystery still
envelops the firing of the shot at
Mrs. G. A. Wiese at her home at
1255 Regent street last night. Ef
forts on the part of the police to
capture the, would-be assassin, the shot
from whose pistol or rifle came so close
to killing Mrs. "Wiesse. have failed. The
police believ'e that the rock that was cast
through the bathroom window might have
been thrown by a boy, but the shot they
cannot explain. A motive seems to be en
tirely lacking, as the Wleees have no
enemies that they know of.
"It's a puzzler," said Chief of Police
Conrad this morning, when he had com
pleted his investigation of the premises.
"We have examined the place closely to
find traces of the party responsible for
the shooting and stone-throwing, but can
find no clew. If it was only a stone that
was thrown we ' might lay it to boyish
pranks, but the presence of the bullet hole
mystifies us. The bullet evidently went
through the pane of glass in the parti
tion on the rear porch and then
through the open window of the pantry.
\\ e could not find the bullet, but Mrs.
Wiese says that she felt it whizz close by
her head. Mrs. Wiese thinks she smelled
the odcr of powder smoke when she went
out on the porch. I think she must be
mistaken about that,, however, because
it was several minutes before she got
there, and by that time the smoke had
blown away.
"Whoever fired the shot must have
stood in one of two positions. There Is
a high fence that partitions the chicken
yard on the premises from the rest of the
yard. To get the proper angle to shoot
into the pantry window a person would
have had to take up a position a hundred
yards in the rear of the house in order
to clear that high fence or stand within a
few feet of the rear of the porch. It has
been suggested that the bullet might have
come from a boy's air rifle. If it did it
could not have gone a hundred yards and
then pierced a window. And I cannot
think that a boy would be bold enough
to go into the Wiese back yard just for
the purpose of firing a shot through a
window. As for the rock that went
through the bathroom window, I think It
came from a slungshot."
The exciting events of the night pros
trated Mrs. Wiese, and to-day she was
in fcuch a precarious condition that she
Oakland Office San Francisco Call.
1118 . Broadway, Oct. 4.
The Pacific conference of the Methodist
Episcopal Church South opened the busi
ness of its fiftieth annual session this
morning in Ashbury Church. Bishop W.
Wi Duncan, who presided at last year's
conference, occupied ihe chair. William
Acton was chosen secretary, to succeed L.
C. Renfro. The retiring secretary had
served in the office for twenty-three years
and the conference showed its apprecia
tion of his work by a vote of thanks.
W. T. Goulder was appointed assistant
secretary. P. *F. Page statistical secre
tary and W. E. Phillips assistant statisti
cal secretary.
The day was occupied with examina
tions of ministerial character and reports
from the various churches. A general re
view of the year's work in the churches
of Northern California showed great
gains over preceding 1 yen rs. . J. C. Robert
son of the San Joaquln district was rec
ommended for ndmisison to the ministry.
j. J. N,» Kenny, chairman of the nomi
nating committee, reported the following
recommendations for commiuees. which
were adopted:
Public worship— C. B. Reddlck, J. C. Wooten,
J. H. Hunt.
Memoirs — J. C. Simmons and J. J. N. Ken-
Bible course— W. P. Andrews, D. R. Wilson.
\V. A. Whlttner, William Rice, G. W. Archer
and David Booker.
Epworth I/eagucs— C. M. Davenport. F. A.
Abshtr*. W. T. Goneder. J. J. McMaster.
District records— F. M. Staton. ti. C. Smith,
W. A. Booker.
Conference relations— Z. J. Needham, W. E.
Phillips". J. W. Ray. I* A. Oreen, A. Odom,
P. F. Paire, C. E. Clarke.
Stat* of work— E. H. MeWhorter, J. M.
Pratt. William Armstrong, J. E. Squires, J. F.
Roberts. N. A. Whltmer.
Sabbath and temperance— H. C. Meredith,
M. F. Coffin. O. M. Parker, J. R. Sawyer, J.
A. Batcheldnr, C. E. W. Smith. "*
Books and periodicals — W. E. Vaugrhn, C.
M. Davenport. R. F. Allen. W. P. Thomas,
J. C. Plmmons, W. F. Clarke. .
The following boards were appointed:
On missions— W. P. Andrews, J. A. Batchel
dor, E. H. McWhortcr.
Sunday schools — W. O. Wagxener, J. P.
Strother.
Committee of second year— J. E. Moore.
The ministers In attendance at the con
ference are:
W. P. Andrews, Salinas; R. F. Allen. Peta-
Inma; William Acton. Lakeport: W\ M. Arm
'strons. Boonevllle; G. W. Archer. Arbuckle*
J. A. Dntcheldor. Fresno; I. F. Hetts. Hollister;
P. X. Blankenshlp. Gait; VV. A. Booker Moun
tain View: W. F. Coffin. 1'klah: C. E* Clark
Potter Valley; II. W. Curran. Milton: C. M.
Pavenport, Colusa; J. K. P. Dlxon. Rockvllle-
J. Emery, Chlcr.; G. II. Frazer. SnelUn*: B.
H. Greeno, I»b Banns; J. Gruweli; unattached;
J. Hedsebath. Dlnuba; J. D. F. Hauck Hor
r.ltos; J. C. Hyden. Winters; J. J. N. Kenney.
Modesto; W. A. Lindsay. Cloverdale: E. H.
McWhorter. Elmlra; J. M. Martin. Hnnford;
II. C. Meredith. . Stockton: Z. J. Meedham. La
Grande: J. H. Neetlliam. unattached; H. Neate,
Maripnsa: A. Odom. Linden; P. F. Page,
HoaldaburK; J. C. Pendrrgrnst, Hollidter; \V.
E. Phillip*. Madera: J. M. Pratt. Princeton;
A. t>. Paul. Isleton; L.. C. Renfro. Red Bluff:
C. B. Roddick, Far* Francisco; P. T. Ramw-j'.
Pelma; J. R. Fawyor, Woodland; J. C. Sim
mon*, Modesto; J. E. Pqulm?, Pan Jose; F. M.
Staton. Academy; L. C. Smith, drafton; W. E.
Vaughn. Sacramento; R. P, Wilson, San Fran
cisco: W. A. Whltmer. Vlpalla: W. O. Wage
ver. Santa Rosa: C. T. Clark. Upper Lake; E.
J. Pace. 1-cmoorc: O. L.. Russell, Maxwell;
F. E. Dlxon, KinRsburR: Guy McIIenry, Butter
City: P. L. Cobb, S. B. Dllley, Oakland; C.
W. Huff. Orldley.
The following named delegates are pres
ent: .
Pan Joaquln district — J. P. Stroth^r, W. F.
Clarke. J. J. McMaster. William Rice: Colusa
district— James Oood, David Booker. G. V.
N'crthey, H. H. Helpenstine: Pan Francisco
district— D. n. Wilson, F. A. Abshlre. \V. P.
Thomas, J. II. Huftt and James F. Thenley.
This evening Rev. J. K. Moore of San
Frnncisco preached to the members of
the conference In Ashbury Church. To
morrow will be devoted to the missionary
societies. On Monday the Bishop will an
nounce the appointments for the coming
year.
Conference of M. E. Church
. South Appoints Its
Committees.
PASTORS TAKE
UP BUSINESS
NO CLEW FOUND AS TO WHO
FIRED A SHOT AT MRS. WIESE
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, OCTOBER 5,-1900.
A GROUP OF EIGHT OF THE NOMINEES FOR JUSTICES OF THE PEACE. FROM WHICH THE ELECTORS OF
PAN FRANCISCO. REGARDLESS OF PARTY AFFILIATION. MAY SAFELY SELECT THE FIVE MOST AC
CEPTABLE TO LOOK AFTER THE INTERESTS OF THE PEOPLES COURTS.
Australia annually pays a subsidy of
£126,000 per year toward the maintenance
of an auxiliary fleet.THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, UCVMBER. 5, ' 19UU.
10
HELP WANTED MALE.
A^iluRRAY & READY.. TTpHONE MAIN.5S4S
..Leading Employment and Labor Agents..
' WANT AT 7 A. M. TO-DAY
FREE. .WE. ..SHIP . . EVERYBODY. . .FREH
/..To all parts of California, Utah, Nevada..
NUMBER. WANTED AT. WAGES.
151— Nevada. Truckee. Lake View.... $41 and fd
16— Los Angeles, Santa Barbara........ ..$2 day
24— Redding, Shasta. Fresno $1 90 day
IIS— Surf, Soda Springs, Salt Lake... %2 day
64— Dlxon. Elmira and Bakersfleld....$l 70 day
163— For* nineteen different divisions $2 day
FREE FARE. ...... ..OFFICE FEE ONLY $1
MURRAY & READY,
634-636 Clay st.
A— MECHANICAL HELP
12 carpenters, different ranches, vineyards,
factories, etc $40 and fd, $2 50 to $3 50 day
Bridge and railroad carpenters Free fare
Steel bridge men $3 50 day, free fare
Camp and ranch blacksmiths, also helpers
Harness-maker i.....
Boys to learn machinist and other trades
10 lumber pliers, north • •80
130 laborers and teamsters, all parts of coun-
try and city $1 75 to $2 25 day
10 miners $60 and $75
Laborers for the mines............ $34 and found
20 scraper teamsters..... .$40 and fou,nd
Stablemen....... Buggy washers Hostlers
Drillers .....Brick setters Wheelers
Laborers, city factories $1 "5 day
Vegetable gardener Tanner
Boatmen........ Deck hands Beef luggers
GRAPE PICKERS... FARMS AND DAIRIES
100 men and boys to pick fruit and grapes,
work in packing-houses $30 and found
10 ranch teamsters $26 to $32 50 and found
Milkers, butter-makers, etc
$30 and $35 and found
Farm and orchard hands Choreboys, etc.
Laborers and teamsters, large bean ranch —
$1 to $1 50 day and found
Stenographer and typewriter, country.
MURRAY & READY. 634-636 Clay St.
A-CHOREMAX and wife, Institution....
Laundryman, Institution $25 and found
Butchers for different country shops, slaugh-
ter-houses, etc
4Z cooks for the mines, hotels, restaurants,
etc. also night and short order cooks, wages
J40 to $60 and found; dishwashers and kitchen
help; washers and laundry help; waiters,
city and country; ranch cooks; cook and wife,
country hotel. $50 and found: bakers and sec-
ond hand bakers. $30 and $40 and found;
nurse, $35; mlSdle-aged man for printing
ofilce. MURRAY & READY, 634-636 Clay st.
AT C. R. HANSEN & CO 104 Geary st.
Free fare R. R. 'work ..Free fare
100 teamsters and laborers. State of Nevada,
$2 a day
100 laborers for S. P. Co., on- different divi-
sions, regular wages ...."
100 laborers for rock crusher and ballasting
gang for S. P. Co. at Truckee, regular wages.
Fee $1 Ship dally Free fare
10 swampers for the woods, $35 and board and
half fare advanced, «ee boss here; 8 laborers
for a dam, $2 50 a day; 6 steel bridge men.
$3 50 a day; 6 carpenters, railroad work. J3 \
'flay, free fare; farmer and wife, $40 and found;
6 farmers, {22 BO, {25 and $26
HOTEL DEPARTMENT
2 chefs, $75 to $S0, and 2 second cooks, $50, for
train service, see boss here this morning;
eecond cook, $60; 'broiler. $50, same country
hotel; head cook, country hotel. $60: third
cook for mine. $35; dishwasher for mine. $30;
cook, $40; dishwasher, $20; same country hotel.
C. R. HANSEN & CO., 104 Geary St.
A— 3 NURSES, country, $30 and found, see
party here this forenoon. C. R. HANSEN
& CO.. 101 Geary st.
COACHMAN. $30 and found; laundryman and
wife, $»iO; 2 markers and starchers, $30 and
found; 4 men and wives for private families
and ranches, $35 and $45: 4 coal miners, $2 bO
day/ see boss in city; 10 swampers, $35 and
board, part fare advanced; 3 woodchoppers.
$3 £0 cord; 3 pruners, $1 day and board;- 2
carpenters for mine, $3 day; 2 house carpen-
ters, $3 60 day; blacksmith's helper, $2 day; 4
milkers, $25. $27 50 and $30, and many others.
J. F. CROSETT & CO.. 62S Sacramento st.
BOARDING house cook. $40. and dishwasher.
$20, same place; hotel cook. $K»; restaurant
cooks; 2 waiters, country hotel, $30; dish-
washers and other hotel and restaurant help.
J. F. CROSETT & CO.. 623 Sacramento st.
MECHANICS — All non-union mechanics, such
as carpenters, painters, plumbers and other
craftsmen wanting work at their trades are
requested to register at the Mechanics' Regis-
tration Bureau, 410 Kearny St., room 9; no
charges or otflce fee«.-*"
WANTED — Boys of good family, age from 15
to 20 years, to learn the crockery business.
Apply between 10 and 11 a. m.. not earlier or
later, at XATHAN-DOHRMANN CO.. 122
Sutter st.
WANTED — In San Matco County, sober man;
must be good driver and understand horses
thoroughly and must be recommended. Ad-
dress box 2253. Call office.
STOCK cutter wanted. Levison Printing Co.,
514 Sacramento st.
BOY at the California Clothing Renovatory, 116
Geary st.
WANTED— 16 carpenters. 10 cabinet makers.
Mechanics' Registration Bureau, 410 Kearny.
PAINTERS wanted, steady Job. at 2906 Six-
teenth St.
YOUNG man as assistant cutter, experience not
necessary; steady position. 21 Sansome st.
VEGETABLEMAN wanted. 434 Fifth St.
WANTED— Harness stitchers. LEIBOLD Har-
ness Co.. 211 Larkln' Bt.
DISHWASHER wanted. People's Restaurant,
C3i ciay st.
SHOEMAKER wanted on repairing; steady
work. 621 Sacramento St.. near Montgomery.
BARBER shop of 3 chairs and fixtures for
sale cheap. 152 Ellis st.
MEN wanted for the United States Navy-
Machinists, first-class, age 21 to 35, pay per
month. $55; machinists, second class, age 21
to 35. pay per month. $40; electricians, third
class, age 21 to 35. pay per month. $30; ship-
wrights (carpenters), age 21 to 35, pay per
month, $25; spamen, age 21 to 33, pay 'per
month, $21; ordinary seamen, age 18 to 30,
pay per month $1&; landsmen, age IS to 25.
| pay per month $16; apprentices, third class.
¦ a K e 15 to 17, pay per month $9. All candi-
dates for enlistment must pass a physical ex-
amination showing them to be free from dls-
Cualifylne ailments. Machinists must pass
an examination showing them to be ma-
chinists by trade. Electricians must pass a
practical examination In electricity, espec-
ially on the handling of electrical machines.
Shipwrights must be carpenters by trade.
Seamen and ordinary seamen must pass an
examination In seamanship. Landsmen and
apprentices v/111 be required to pass the
Physical examination only. The term of en-
listment Is for four years. Should a man
re-enllst within a period of four months from
the date of honorable discharge he will re-
ceive a bonus of four months' pay and an
addition to his monthly pay of $1 36 for each
re-enllstment. Rations, medicines and medical
attendance are furnished gratis in addition to
pay. Privilege of retirement after thirty
years' service on three-quarters of the pay
received at date of retirement. It Is the de-
sire of the Navy Department to obtain a
large number of able-bodied Americans for
the navy, who will be given every oppor-
tunity for advancement as soon as they are
qualified for tho higher ratings. The early
completion of a number of fine ships for the
navy will make a large Increase In the en-
listed force necessary, and this will cause a
corresponding large increase in i the number
of petty officers, who will be advanced from
the lower ratings. Recruits who may be ac-
ceuted will be. assigned to a U. S. war ves-
sel: apprentices to the naval training sta-
tion, San Francisco, Cal. Applications should
bo made at the U. S. Naval Recruiting Ren-
dezvous, corner of Market and East streets,
San Francisco. Cal.
WANTED— By a large wholesale house, an
office boy about 16 years old; must have good
reference and reside in this city with parents.
Address In own handwriting box 2276, Call.
WANTED — A young waiter to work at 12 Ea^t
• street.
WANTED— Good ladles' tailor. J. McCLENE-
GAN. B32 Fourteenth St., Oakland. .
GOOD 2-chalr barber shop for sale cheap. S142
Twenty-fourth St., near Folsom. ¦
WE want 10 honest. Industrious men to solicit
In city and county: experience not necessary:
we teach you the business; good contracts for
sober men willing to work. White Sewing
. Machine Co.. 300 Post St., cor. Stockton. \
WANTED— Laborers and mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkin. Reno House proprietor, still
runs Denver House, 217 Third St. ; 150 largo
rooms; 25c per night; $1 to $2 per week.
10 MEN for merchant ' ships, all parts of the
world. . HERMAN. 26 Steuart st.
"WANTED— Good coatmaker at 225^4 Montgom-
ery ave.; also a boy.
BOY wanted to drive butcher cart; experienced
preferred. People's Market, cor. 16th, Market.
A TAILOR to work on custom coats; good
wages. 1130 Turk st.
WANTED— Barber shop in good country town.
Box 2238, Call Office. 4 _
STOLTZ, barber supplies, removed from 630
Market (basement) to 636 Market St., upstairs.
UNDERPRESSERS wanted on coats, pants
and vests. 541 Market st. ' — .
GENTLEMEN'S suits to order. $1 per week, at
cash prices. N. Y. Tailoring Co., 115 Kearny.
BOYS wanted. SAN FRANCISCO AND PA-
. CIFIC GLASS WORKS. 7th and Townsend.
SAILORS, ordinary seamen and green hands;
all parts of world. HERMAN'S. 26 Steuart.
PENSIONS— GEO. D. CAMPBELL, lawyer. IS
...........years' practice: Examiner building.
LABORERS and drillers wanted at 627 Four-
teenth St.. : near Guerrero. • ,.¦
ALL sizes men's shoes, slightly damaged, half
price. 562 Mission st..' bet. 1st and 2d sts.
WANTED — 100 men to take rooms, 10c, 15c anj
. ' 20c. Boston House, 930 Howard . st, -
LINDELL House, : corner \ Sixth : and Howard—
. Rooms, 15c to 25c night; 75c to $2 per week.
MEN and women to learn . barber trade. S. F.
BARBER COLLEGE, 741A Howard St.
HELP WANTED— -MAJLB.
MEN~wanted to learn barber trade; only eight
weeks required; positions guaranteed: special
Inducements; catalogue and map of city ires.
MOLER'S BARBER COLLEGE. 63a Clay St.
NEW goods; quick sales; »* Ia^ °f. f 3J m r Y?*
slon; city or country. THE J. DEWING CO..
Flood building. ¦ - - .
WINCHESTER House. 44 Third st.. near Mar-
ket; 700 rooms, 25c night; read Ing-room: free
•bus and baggage to and from the rerTy.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Fillmore st,
A BRANCH ofHce for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 109»
Valencia st. _____
HEMORRHOIDS.
PILES— 300 cures business men in San Fran-
cisco; can be seen; no operation; no pain: par-
tlculars sent. Ad. Physician, box 1950. Call.
HORSES. LIVE STOCK. Etc For S-.U?
40 HORSES for sale; also wagons, buggies,
carts, harness. Grand Arcade Horoe Market.
S27 Sixth st.: auction sales every Wednesday.
SULLIVAN & DOYLE. Auctioneers.
10 HEAD of driving and working horses at
TOMKINSON'S Stables. 57 Minna st_, be-
tween First and Second.- - f r -/.< '
HORSES, carriages and draught, for sale. In-
qulre at 810 Mission St.. room 2.
SORREL mare? good traveler; must sell:
cheap. Apply 1118 Howard st. _^
HOUSES TO LET.
A— PRINTED LIST Houses to Let; rend for clr-
cular. G. H. UMBSEN & CO.. 14 Montgomery.
LOST AXD FOirXD.
LOST — A pass book with the Hlbernla Savings
and Loan Society of San Francisco. In the
name of NICHOLAS MURPHY, No. 97,143.
The finder will please return to bank.
LOST— Brindle and white greyhound dog. Re-
turn to E. D. FALLOX. Eighteenth and San
Bruno ave. : reward.
LOST— Army discharge and railroad ticket.
Reward at S27 Kearny st.
FOUND— Black hound. Can be had at 930
Montgomery st. ¦
LOST— Oct. 1, .commutation ticket marked W.
REMMERS. Return to ferry building.
MASSAGE.
EMILY SEGS.WORTH. assistant to Dr. A. B.
Willcox, scientific masseuse, room 40, St
Ann's building; hours, 9 a. m. to 12:30.
MEDICAL.
DR. and MRS. DA VIES, 1228 Market— Ladles*
specialists; 32 years' practice; have treated,
thousands ot cases successfully; positive cure
guaranteed at office; ladies treated can return
home same day; HINDO HERB home cure;
any one can use It: perfectly harmless; home
for confinement. Send stamps for circular.
MRS. DR. KOHL. 997 Market St.. cor. Sixth;
reliable ladles' specialist; home treatment. 45.
safe and sure cure guaranteed; ladles treated
at office can return home the same day; pri-
vate home before and during confinement;
best medical care; hours, 9 a. in. to 5 p. m.
DR. G. AV. O'DONNELL, the world-renowned
ladies' specialist; safe and reliable; has prac-
ticed In San Francisco for years; treated thou-
sands of cases successfully; treatment can be
used at home; consultation free. After all
others fall call on him. 1023^4 Market st.
DRS. GOODWIN, well-known ladles' specialists,
h^ve returned from Europe: safe and reliable;
cure |5; have treated thousands of cases with
success; 15 years' practice In S. F. ; maternity
home; low fees. 1007^ Market st., near Sixth.
MRS. DR. Wi'ETH. reliable specialist; 25 yrs.*
practice: home in confinement; treatment at
office, 15; any ailment; consultation free con-
fldentlal. 943 Post gt.. bet. Hyde and Larkln.
NG TOY KEE. Chinese doctor: cures consump-
tlcn, cancer, catarrh, etc.; all diseases treat-
ed; send for testimonials; advice free. Sani-
tarium. 704 Sacramento St.. corner Kearny.
MRS. M. ALLEN. 1033 Market— Ladies' special-
ist; home in confinement; safe and reliable;
consultation free; hours 10 to 8.
THE well-known DR. POPPER, celebrated fe-
male specialist; practical physician for 37
years; always successful. 31S Kearny st.
DR. WISE, the ladles' specialist, 1118 Market st.
DR. WONG HIM. herb doctor, treats all dls-
easeg of the human body. 115 Mason St.
MISCELLANEOUS— FOR SALE.
BOILERS, engines. 2d-hand machinery! M>
INTOSH & WOLPMAN. 135-197 Fremont st.
BARS, back bars, mirrors, showoases, counters,
linoleum, new and second hand; we aitvayj
have a large stock of saloon outfits on hand;
32 complete outfits on our floor, ready made;
we can ship everything In 24 hours. J
NOON AN. 1017. 1019. 1021. 1KT3 Mission st..
above Sixth; write for catalogue.
FINE suit. $10; -dress pants. $2 73. MISFIT
CLOTHING PARLORS. 437 Montgomery Ft.
A— $3 60 DERBY and Fedora hats. $1 73. Pop-
ular Price Hatters. 330 Kearny st.. near Pine.
A— BUYS, sells or rents' gear machinery, en-
! f-ines. boilers, water pip*, shafting, pulleys.
etc. WHITELAW. 21S Spear st.
STEEL TANKS, all sizes; suitable for water or
oil; cheap; all shapes; second hand. H S.
WHITE. 516 Mission st.
A— 100 HORSEPOWER engine, boiler. 2-drlll
air compressor. JARDINE'S, 220 Fremont st.
NEAT genuine diamond stud for S12. worth $25
UNCLE HARRIS. 15 Grant ave.
THREE working horses. $20 and up. Apply
grocery. Van Ness ave. and McAllister pt.
SAFES — New and second hand. THE HER-
MANN SAFE CO., 417-423 Sacramento st-
rORTABLE engines, boilers': Iron and wood
planers, lathes; 2d hand. J. Burke, 139 Beale.
MAGIC lanterns, new and 2d hand: mcvlnsr
pictures. BULLARD & BRECK. 131 Post St.
WILL rent full dress Tuxedo or Prince Albert '
suits for $2 50. Portland Loan Office. 25 Stktn.
10- TON Fairbanks v scale and fire and burglar I
proof safe. 21S California st.
2D-HAND photographic and magic lantern out-
fits bought, sold, exchanged. 103 Montgomery.
FIRST-CLASS second-hand modern en nines and
boilers bought and sold. KROGH Mfg. Co.
SAFES— New and pecond hand; all sizes. THE
WALTZ SAFE, 109-111 Market St., San Fran.
CHEAPEST and best In America— The Weekly
Call. IS pages, sent to any address In the
United States or Canada one year for $1,
postage paid.
MISCELLANEOUS WANTS.
WANTED — To*, charter, a vessel of S50 tons.
Apply to H. DAVENPORT, 1015 Market st.
LADIES' and gents* cast-off clothing bought &
sold. Sllverman, 9S4 Folsom: tel. Folsom 1191.
KLEIN still pays best price for clothing, brlc-
a-brac and books. 109 Sixth st. ; tel. Jessie 141.
AA— BEST rates and easiest terms.
Second Mortgages
„ Interests in Estates
Undivided Interests In Real Estate
Financial croblems of all sorts and slzas
solved by HERMAN MURPHY. 630 Market.
ANY amount at 6 per cent; 1st, 2d and 3d mor.-
gage3, undivided interest, real estate In pro*
bate; mortgages and legacies bought; no de-
lay; get my terms before doing business else-
where. R. McCOLGAN, 24 Montgomery, r. ?.
ANY proposition, any amount; 6 per cent; first,
second mortgages, estates In probate. Interest
In estates, legacies, corporation loans, chattel
mortgages, life Insurance. Room 16, first floor.
Chronicle building. HALLORAN & OLSEN.
HIGHLY respectable private place to obtain
liberal advances on diamonds, jewelry at low-
est rates. Baldwin Jewelry Store, 846 Market
St.; tel. Main 1644. Branch 13 Third st.
A— $500,000 ON city and country real estate and
estates; chattel mortgages: notes and col-
laterals. J. BROWNSTONE. 11 Montgomery.
MOST reliable place to borrow on diamond*,
watches, Jewelry. W. J. HESTHAL. 10 Sixth;
highest price for old gold, silver, diamonds.
ON furniture and pianos without removal -.quick
service; money direct; lowest Interest. Rooms
63 and 69, Donohoe building, 1170 Market st.
AT 126 Kearny St., room 9, respectable, private
place to borrow on watches, diamonds: lowest
rates: take elevator. Telephone Davis 995.
ANY amount by private party on furniture and
pianos; no removal; low rates; confidential.
BONELLI. 301 Jones st., corner Eddy.
WHY pay rent? We loan money to build with-
small monthly payments. HOME BUILDING
COMPANY. 222 Sansome St., room 2. ¦
MONEY on furniture and pianos without re-
moval. St.- Ann's building. 6 Eddy, room 72.
MONEY to loan on furniture by private party-
low rate. 917 Xgrket st.. room 1.
MONEY loaned salaried people without security
:% HILL, rm. 44. Merchants' Ex.. 431 Calif ornU.
ON furniture and pianos; no removal; confi-
dential: on diamonds, etc. 33 Taylor st.
TO salaried people without security; all busl-
ne?s confidential. Tousley Co.. 321 Parrott big.
CASH loaned to salaried people on note without
Indorser. MORRELL. 609 Examiner building.
ON furniture, pianos, without removal; no com-
mission: private. LICK. 116 McAllister st.
TO salaried people without collateral or In-
dorser. S. F. Discount Agency, 113 Pnelan til*.
MCSICAL* LVSTRU3JEXTS.
I ALL purchasers of pianos at SHERMAN
CLAY &. CO.'S have the privilege of ex-
changing for a STEINWAY any time within
three years and full purchase price allowed;
the best makers of every grade to select from;
beautiful new uprightM $S cash, $6 per month,
some good pianos for $3, $1 and |5 per month.
SHERMAN. CLAY & CO., STEINWAY
DEALERS, corner Kearny and Sutter sts..
San Francisco; corner Broadway and Thlr-
teenth sta.. Oakland.
A NICE piano for beginners $73
One a little better 8J
One still better 100
Fine Hallet & Davis IK
Klngsbury, slightly used 199
Easy payments; Chlckerin?, Vose. Sterling.
Curtaa and other pianos; sheet music and
everythinr in the music line. BENJ. CUR-
TA2 & SON. IC O'Farrell st.
ABSOLUTELY the largest exclusive wholesale
and retail piar.o house west of Chicago.
SPECIAL THIS MONTH.
Bargains in all standard makes from SZO to
I!So. Agents for Hallet & Davis. Boston's old-
est and. must famous piano; also Behr Bros,
and ID otber makes. Pianw rent; rent aliowsj
If purchased. HEINE PIANO CO.. »17 Geary.
DON'T fall to see the beautiful Decker * Sort
baby grands Just received at MAUVAIS'. 7t»
Market st. They are the best ever shown In
the i-ltv.
A RELIABLE piano can be bought only from
a reliable house. The ZENO MAUVAIS MU-
SIC CO. Is such a house. Their address U
763 Market at.
NO matter what you want In the line of mn*
Blcal goods, you can always do best at MAU-
VAIS'. 769 Market st.
ABSOLUTELY the olrtost and largest house
west of Chicago Is KOHLER & CHASE'S. 2fi.
28 and 30 O'Farrell St.; pianos, organs and
all other musical Instruments of all grades
and prlc": terms easy; prices lowest: every-
thing possible done to please and satisfy the
customer.
VIOLIN strings; never wet: best in the world;
making and repairing of all kinds of musical
instruments. Carl C. Anderson. 417 Geary st.
NICE upright piano cheap at DEWING* S.
Flood building.
BEAUTIFUL new $100 uprtght. 3 pedals; will
eell for Ji:0 or rent 12 50. 342 Kearny st.
BEAUTIFUL large upright piano. 3 pedals; sac-
rlflce: leaving city. 324 Golden Gate ave.
A BARGAIN; must be sold; nice upright piano.
SCHMITZ, 16 McAllister St.. next Hlb. Bank.
BE In the swim: rent a new piano for S3 per
mosth. SCOTT-CURTAZ CO.. 563 Hayes st.
AT KEEFFE'S. 923 Market St.. 4 elegant up-
rights at your own price.
SOHMER & CO.. Byron Mauzy. Gabler. Spell-
man %nd other pianos. 30S Post st.
SUPERIOR violins, zithers, old and new. IL
MULLER. maker, repairer. 2 Latham place.
REDUCTION sale; new pianos: $:• payments;
for rent, $2 up. BRUENN, 208 Post st.
HIGH-GRADE pianos: Steck. Hardman. Con-
over & others. W. B. ALLEN CO.. 314 Post.
SLAUGHTER sale of upright pianos for stor-
age; $S0 up. Wilson Storage, 1710 Market st.
CHEAPEST and beat in America— The Weekly
Call. 16 pages, sent to any address in the
Unitefl States or Canada one year for $1.
OFFICES AXD STORKS TO LET.
LARGE elegant store and basement: 933 Valen-
cia st.. near 21st; business center; suitable
for any business.
|15— STORE 2 rooms, cellar. K5 Bryant St.,
between First and Second sts.
rALMiSTRV.
HT^EROME^^FOSSELLirscientific pal mist. Sli
Taylor St.. bet. Geary and Post: tel. Black 561.
MME. NEERGAARD has removed to 700 Post;
hours 1 to 5 eve., and Sunday by appointment.
PERSONALj. .»
I B.— Come home or write; you will never regret.
I P.
I KENT— Communicate with H. DAVENPORT.
10ia Market St.. S. F. BISHOP PONAPE.
ALL hair and scalp diseases a guaranteed cure;
dandruff and falling hair cured: gray re-
stored; the Egyptian Titian shade: a harm-
less vegetable compound is In lead; book for
stamp. E. R. DUNLAP. « Eday st.. »th flo_>r.
! THE HUDSON RIVEH CO..
; HOPKE BROS.
Mattresses and pillows made to order, recov-
ered and renovated; honest work guaranteed:
prices defy competition: fine upholstery;
phene 5309; factory, 31S and 320 Eleventh St.:
nrst-class cleaning and dyeing. 12S O'Farrell
st., near Powell, San Francisco.
LEDERER. the popular hairdresser, employs
| only ar?i3tic artistes — result, artistic hair-
| dressing always: price 2ic; fine switches
I chear- 123 Stockton.
! ELECTRIC lights in every room— Winchester
j Hotel. 44 Third St.. near Market: 700 rocrr.s;
I 2oc t.-> $1 ;0 per night: Jl 10 to S6 per week:
j free 'bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
! SUITS to order on Installments; $13 upward;
$1 a week. LEON LEMOS. 1117 Market at..
between Seventh and Eighth.
PRIVATE detective work; reasonable rates: Ii)
years' experience. J. B. RAY, 357 Jessie st.
SPECULATORS— Consult about sugar, wheat;
Inclose stamp. Astrologer, box 440S, Call.
{ MME. ADA. the wonderful gifted healer, re-
; moved to 1104 Market St., ofHces S and 4.
j LEDERER'S Quintonica Hair Tonic is very
! beneficial to tho hair; try it; 33c bottle.
| SUITS to order on easy payments. Art TalJor-
i Ins Co., 1644 Mkt.. under St. Nicholas Hotel.
i OLD gold, silver, diamonds and precious stones
j bought. J. R. JENKEL, S17 Market st.
LEDERER'S Foamo Shampoo cleanses tha
| scalp perfectly; nothing like it; 5c package.
' HAIR quickly curled or waved by using Tal-
cott's curling fluid; 23c a bottle; druggists.
WANTED— Old-fashioned silver, brass, copper
ware: curios, all descriptions. S23 Dupont st.
ALFREDUM% Egyptian Henna restores gray
hair ot It3 natural color; $1. at all druggist!!.
— ."3
CAST-OFF clothing, old gold and silver bought:
send postal. COLEMAN'S. 506 Kearny st.
PHYSICIANS AND SURGEONS.
DR. C. C. CDONNELL-Offlce and residence.
VOW. Market st.. between Sixth and 3ev»nth.
REAL ESTATE CITY FOR SALE.
A FINE new cottage of 6 rooms and higa fin-
ished basement: all modern improvements:
large lot. with driveway; cheap: small
amount cash, balance like rent; see owner on
premises. Church and 30th sts. A. KLAHN.
$325— 25x120 FEET, on east side of Eighteenth
ave.. 73:11 feet north from electric line; on
Clement St.. Richmond District. CUAS. C.
FISHER. 624 Market St.
MODERN houses built; lowest prices: plans and
estimates furnished. Campbell. 1147 Mission.
MISSION cottage: new: 6 rooms, bath; lot 50x
100; $3000; terms to suit buyer. 413 Kearny st.
REAL ESTATE COUSTItY — For Sale
FOR sale— 33 acres bearing orchard, under ir- ,
rlgation: situated In flourishing colony In
Sacramento Valley: price tMO per acre. Mc-
AFEE BROS.. 10S Montgomery st.. S. F.
ACCURATE personal knowledge— each of th*
3000 ranches en my SALE and EXCHANGES
list. More than all other agents In thla city.
- N. D. SICKELS, the land asent. S Geary st.
FOR SALE OR RENT— Fine fruit, grain liid
stock ranch. 200 acres, near bay. Address
H. D., box 33S6. Call office.
REAL ESTATE TO EXCHANGE.
CITY property and farms sold or exchanged*
lists free. MARION GRIFFIN. 713 Market, r.l.
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS.
ALAMEDA REAL. ESTATE.
BARGAINS in Improved and unimproved Ala-
meda real estate in all parts of Alameda on
easy terms. Alameda Land Company 1300
Park St.. Alameda: 20 Post st.. San Francisco.
ALAMEDA ROOMS AXD BOARD.
WANTED— Gentleman and wlf« to board"
pleasant home; near Park-st. station. 2214
Alameda ave.
BERKELEY ADVERTISEMENTS
BERKELEY REAL ESTATE.
ALTA PtJNTA TRACT— San Pablo are 5
miles north of Berkeley; $150 to $230 psr ac're-
lots $60 to $1SO each: $5 a month; cal^ fh
maps. G. W. HAIGHT. 401 Calif ornU St.. SF.
OAKLAND. ADVERTISEMENT
OAKLASU HOUSES TO LET.
LARGE S-room house, furnished; modern- Hn«
GOOD houses. Get list from GEO W AUsi-
• TOT* CO.. IOCS Broadway. Oaklaaa.'
SAN FRANCISCO CALL.
TTCEINESS OFFICE of The E&n Francisco
C«ll. oom#r of Market and Third streets, open
cr.tH 12 o'clock every nlrht In Oie year.
BRANCH OFFICES— £27 Montgomery street,
ecrner Clay; open until 9:S0 p. ra.
r"0 Hayes street; open until 9:30 p. ra.
fT9 McAllister etreet; open until 9:30 p. m.
<U. Larkin ttreet; open until 8:30 p. m. ,
'.T<\ Mission street; open until 10 p. m.
rTfl Market street, corner Sixteenth; open
until S v. m.
3Cf Eleventh Ftr*«et: ojx»n until 9 p. m.
JCPC Valencia street: open. until 9 p. m.
- ICcrthwost ccrr.er Twenty-second and Ken-
tucky FlrretF; cpmi until 9 p. m.
MEETING XOTICES.
EXCURSION STEAMER e $?L*trr* r Z/
ZCALANDIA- . <&£&r
Pn"s from I'acific-st. wharf « rj a
for Honolulu. via. Hllo. y^XX^T
THTTKSDAT. October '11. at f AsC^A
It m. For accommodations *p- [//
ply 127 I'arrott bulli'.lng. \ll }J
P.. P. HUULIU.'T, Potentate. J'
Toi. South CiS.
CALIFORNIA Or.mmanapry No. I. K. -^._.
T.. S> Post st.— Regular assembly THIS 'fifc^
(FRIDAY) EVENING. 7:30 o'clock. jfT
All fraters courteously invited. By <U
order of the Commander. *
HI It AM T. GRAVES. Recorder.
A FTATKI> nifetins of Verbs Uuena
Lodge of Perfection No. 1. A. and A. jf
F-v^ttish nit«? of Freemasonry, will be A
iwlA In Chapter Hall. Masonic Temple. V(y<
f>n THIS « FRIDAY* EVENIXG. Oc- <_=-»
to!*>r 5. 1900. at S o'clock. M. W.
HENRY ni'RXER, Secretary.
OPHXB Lodge No. 171. I. o. O. F.
— Initiation THIS (FRIDAY) figggSXis
EVENING. Brothers cordially
invited 'V/ltn*-
' J. R. MORRISON'. R. S.
FAIRMOUNT Lodge No. IDS. K. of 2*r
P.; :&* Misrion et.. will oo«er the v &*>
third rank <lnng fr>rm> THIS <FRI-*?XS&*
DAT) EVENING. October -. Xnlghts -¦-"S'-*
ccrtiaJly invited.
ELMKR F. CLARK. C. C.
. A. F. WADE, K. of R. and S.
RHGULAR nv-etine of the «p- . Wv
(Ionian Oiub THIS (FRIDAY) CAytJ
EVENING, at S o'clcx-k. in Scot- "_;»sTj_»:
t*h Hall. 117 Larkin et. Good cf *•=_£»*
the club. -How to Prolong Life." by Dr.
J. A. McDonald. 1
ANGUS McLEOD. Chief.
ANDREW McNAIlt. ¦¦^retary.
NOTICE to Retail Llqucr I x^alers— All those
?Tfraped In the retail trade are Invited to be
present at a m*>otir.g to be held at B'nal
V. nth Hall. FMdy M.. r.^ar Mason, on FRI-
DAY AKTKRNOON. October *.. at J o'clock
Fharp- rVnr.anect officers will J«? elected a.nd
other iini«ortant matters dlsoussM.
E. L. WAGNER. Chairman pro tem.
WILLIAM CLACK. S*crKary pro tem.
THK California Debris Commission, having re-
ceived applications to mine by the hydraulic
r>rooess from the Rewey Consolidated Gravel
Mining- Company, in the Homeward Bound.
Kver.ir.g Star nnd Morning Light mines, near
Iowa Hill. Placer County, to deposit tailings
la Indian Canyon: from Mary E. Ruth et als.,
in the Burkeye mine, near North San Juan,
Nevada '"oanty. to deposit tailings in a
— .-ork<»<;-o'it pit; from the Kalston LJlvide Gold
Mining Company, in the Pat Goggins and
Blacksmith Flat mine*, near Vlrner, Placer
County, to deposit tailings in Long Canyon:
from Nathan Gardiner, in the Sidney placer
mine, near Iiro. PhRsta County, to deposit
tallinc* in Fidney Gulch, and from A. W.
V.'hltney and C. Y. Hepler, In the Miocene
tnir.". near Crescent Mills. Plumae County,
to deposit ta'!lnc? in Rush Creek, gives notice
that a meeting will be hpld at room ii.
Flood liuiMIr.^. Fan Francisco. Cal.. on Oc-
tober 1.1. ISOO. at 1:20 p. m.
STOCKHOLDERS" MEETING— Notice lshereby
given that the annual meeting of the stock-
holders cf THE BANK OF CALIFORNIA
will b*> held at the banking house lnXhlr city
«-n TUESDAY. October 9. 1900. at 11 o'clock
a. m. By order of the Board of Directors.
ALLEN M. CLAY. Secretary.
ACEXTS WANTED.
AGENTS — Bert line of holiday books, al*o
••Galvwston Horrors" and ""Chinese Massa-
eraC; r.utfit frf*> ; r*><=t terms. R. U. TAT-
TERPON. 42't Montgomery Ft.
AGENTS of ability and experience In life insur-
.¦moo. Call at room 101. S97 Market, cor Sixth.
V.'E handle newest novelties for ajrents. PA-
CIFIC AGENTS' SUPPLY CO- 34C1 ISth St.
ASTIIALTIM HOOFING.
J. PELTIER. MrihalTroofing. sidewalks; cellar
fleers laH. rrr.nire,i: postal. 11R6 Mission «t.
TOT" It future scientifically calculated by A*-
trolocf-r E. S. GREEN. l&M Market; 2d floor.
MME. H1CKEY, aFtroIcgist: card reading and
j alraistry. 2Dc; horoscopes cast. 1S33 Mission.
DR. C. T. TAYLOR, sclentiflc astrologer, com-
put«"s> horost-opos by Ptolemy method. 763 Mkt.
ATTORNEYS AT LAW.
II. W. KING, attorney at law. 627 Market St.,
room C27; estaus. damages, attachment*.
r.o advance charges; money leaned on estates!
ADVICE free; divorce law a specialty; private;
no fee without success: collections. G. W.
HOWE, atty at law. f.50 Market, cor. Stockton.
I"REE advice; divorce laws, damaees. estates,
collections. J. A. Mitchell. 314 Montgomery.
ADVICE free: ro charge unless successful. \V.
W. Davidson. P?7 Market St.. opp. Mason.
L. S. CLARK. Emma Ppreckels b'.dg.. 927 Mar-
ket St.: consultation free; no fees in advance.
IIATII CAUINKTS.
ROBINSON IS. 4-panel folding; dooTopens: firm
ar.d safr. W. S. nr.nwx, pen, atrt.. *:S Ellis.
HOARDING FUR CHILDREN'.
WIDOW would like two children to board; fur^
nlFhfd room for rarcnt. 249 Shipley st.
DL'SIXESS CHANCES.
A— I4.V); RESTAURANT and oyster house;
close to Hall of Justice; dally leceipts $30;
owner must f*ll or take good partner, cause
¦fcfcXKES. See R. G. WILKIE. 20^ Kearny.
A-JM>; BUTCHER fhop, with horse and cart,"
In l>e*t location of Western Addition; place
established lor years and doing a first-class
business; a srlon-ild chance for any man.
Call R. G. WILKE. :«Vs Kearny st.
A.—HM; BUTCHEK fhcz> on Valencia et.:
monthly receipts about »1200; eellinc * cattle
per »«k; low rent; eood business. Call K.
G. WILKE, 26V4 Kearny st-
A-1300; STATIONERY, notions and branch
ba*ry; & living rooms; cheap rent and a
good raying business. Call K. G. WILKE.
Hhi Kearny et. .
A— J400: RESTAURANT on Valencia St.; rent
£25, or with 7 furnished rooms, J700: rent |43
fcr all: good place; death of child cause of
pel'.ing; a bargain. See R. G. WILKE. 2C'.4
Kearny st.
A— iW; RESTAURANT. 2 blocks north o?
Chronicle building: first-class price*; rent
J3J; owner wishes to sell on account of other
Imslness engagements. Call R. G. WILKE,
26^ Kearny Ft.
A— J14C0: SALOON established many years;
half a block north cf Mason and Market;
rfrnt i": a first-class, paying place; partners
can't airrw cause of tale. See R. G. WILKE.
Xhi Kearny Et.
A— UlOO; CORNER grocery and bar; choicest
location In the Mission; rent $35; 4 living
rocms; t-lace established" years; owner, a
widow, wp.nts to retire. Call R. G. WILKE.
¦ 26V4 Kearny et.
A— CIGAR ptore; fine location; for half its
value: must sell. COWING & CO., 719 Mkt.
A — GREAT bargain; Cape Nome mines; call
at or.ee. COWING & CO.. 719 Market et. -
A— BUTCHER chop; fine location; must go to-
day; sickness. COWING & CO., 719 Market.
A — HOTEL: bfst location: money maker; call
at once. COWING & CO.. 719 Market I
A— MILK ranch: city limits; established 15
yram ; must sell. COWING & CO., 718 Market.
A— FAY. FISHER & CO.. have' yoir lodging-
housos? Yes. What price? f300 up, any lo-
cation desired; 12 rooms, $300; 10 rooms, J4.71;
1« rooms, new. $300. fine; 20 rooms, bargain,
$7.V>; 27 rmf.. t?K>0. snap; all *!zea. all prices,
all new bargains: call and nee us. 1C32 Market.
FOR honest business propositions of all kinds
or -ell your business quickly for cash call
on LANE & CO.. S63 Market rt.
OAKLAND roominK-hou«te. £3 rooms; pays
handsomely: rijrht downtown: forced
cwr.pr going away: only titM: pay $175 per
month net profit. GEO. W. AUSTIN & CO.,
1008 Broadway, Oakland.
FINELY equipped business college, located In
Stockton. Cal.. for *ale or rent. Write to
C. E. DO AN. Stockton. Cal.
FOR sale— Philadelphia Oyster House; 60 Sev-
enth st.. opp. new postofflce building; selling
business on account of sickness.
tCA— 72-CHAIR restaurant; feed £0 to 100 at
noon: everything new; half down, rest on easy
terms: ore month's rent advanced; rents for
*»¦': a bargain for restaurant man: cause,
sickness. C30 Fourth et. _
WILL give half of flirt month's wages to party
securing me a poMtlon at come kind of night
work; not over 8 hours at $v0 per month.
Box 2144. Call. ' ;¦ -
JI 500— GROCERY* and fruit store; good^paylng
business; south of Market: good location:
present owner, there 8 years, wishes to. sell
on account of other business. Box 2278, Call.
VAI.I'AIU.E Canadian patent of Interest . to
founc5rj-rr.cn. Box 2241. Call.
BUSINESS CHANCES CONTINUED. |
j500^^rbeTThopTclB«r & Jewelry store com- I
blned. Add. E. E. Slmonds. Boulder Creek.
DELICACY store cheap; must sell on account
of sickness. Apply 540 Turk et.
PLUMBING shop, stock, shop tools, horse and
wagon for pale; In good location. Address
box 4401. Call office. ' -
BAKERY— 1101 Howard et. ; etore and 2 rooms;
bake oven, with large basement; rent cheap.
CORNER grocery and bar will be sold cheap;
living rooms. I3C3 Folsom st.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements anil
Fubscriptions has been established at 1096 Va-
lcr.da st. '
LODGING-HOUSES FOR SALE.
9~ROOMS; Jones st. ; bargain $250
14 rooms; Golden Gate ave.; a snap 500
15 rooms; Mission St.; at your own price.
S8 rooms; best corner in city: very cheap.. 3000
1"9 rooms; Market st: sure fortune 4200
Inspect our lists. We have some bargains
and are doing the trade. Come in and pee us.
EMERY & SMITH, 3 Eddy St.. cor. Market.
LODGING-HOUSE buyers attention— Houses at
reduced prices ; genuine bargains : sizes and
location to suit: money loaned. SCHWEIN-
* HARD & CO.. 917 Market St.. between Fifth
and Sixth; phone 1011.
A SPECIAL INDUCEMENT. CALL ON
KREDO & DUTTON. 36 Geary st.
f700 cash for £0 rooms; new; Installments.
J300 for 14 rooms; Geary: JS5 profit.
UZO only for 14 rooms; Post; worth $900.
M. GHIFFIN, 713 Market st.. room L
35 rooms; income $2*>0 monthly $2000
?l rooms; corner; all front; a bareain 1200
13 rooms, 9 furnished; 5 biks N. Market.. 123
"00 houses for- sale; list free; please call.
A— 22-ROO^I rooming house; central $100C
20-room house: first-class 10JO
ll-room house: $475: 6-room flat 325
FISHER & CO.. 1032 Market St.
X— Sft-ROOM hotel; modern; large lot; 2 stores;
always full; on main business street in Ala-
meda: $7500: very ca?y terms. Apply A. M.
SPEOK & CO.. 6S7 Market st.
?1C5 BUYS lodging-house. 10 rooms, alimented;
rent $:2 :>0, including water. 1C8 Second st.
H'K sale— Lodging-house; 21 rooms; all light.
K9 .TfFsie Ft., corner Second.
CAKKIAGFS AND i WAGONS.
ALL kinds of wagons, bugsies, carts, harness,
etc.. cheap. EGAN & SON, 2117 Mission el
AN A No. 1 express wajton, single, also light
camping wagon, for sale cheap. 532 Mission.
NEW & Id-hand wagons, buggies, carts & har-
ness, wcrk & driving horsts. 15th & Valenpia.
SPONGKS and chamois our specialty. AMER-
ICAX SPONGE CO.. 150 New Montgomery st.
SPIRITUALISM.
ARRIVED — Mrs. Dr. Farnham, world-renowned
fplritual medium; advice In all affairs of life,
lawsuits, divorces, deaths; unites the sepa-
rat»-d; mlningaspecialty: c!rs.Sun.,Wed.,Frl.
t-v's; come and be convinced. iPermanently)
613 Eddy st., bet. Hyde and Larkin; no sign.
MRS. KOTTER. 34 Sixth St.. circle to-day, 2 &
8 p. m.; 10c: sittings dally: G.. $1; L.. 50c.
ATTEND Mrs. Dunham's circle of truth; 2. 8
p. m. 14 McAllister st., rm. 35; admission 10c.
MRS. irESTER— Circles Sun., Tues., Frl. eve..
10c: readings dally. 200 Turk St., room 4.
MRS. HARLAND'S circle to-night: articles
rend 10c; readings, 00c, $1. 148 Sixth st.
SANTA TERESA, the Mexican healer, removed
to 1610 California Ft.
MEDIUM and palmist, reading *5e this week;
satisfaction guaranteed. 1239 Market St., r. 5.
MISS SOPHIA SEIP— Sun. at S and dally read-
ings, f.th & Mkt. Et».. Oakland, People's Hall.
PROF. GEE. medium; test circle every night.
10c; read. $1; ladles 50c. 14S 6th. Brunswick.
MME. MAJORS, pifter spiritual medium,
healpr and card reader. 132 Sixth St., room 1.
FRIENDSHIP Hall. 335 McAllister— Mrs. C. J.
Meyer. Kit. dally: convlnc'g tests tb-nlght, 10c.
MRS. J. J WHITNEY, clairvoyant, test. dueI-
ne?g medium, life reader: sittings $1. 11C4 Mkt.
CLAIKVOVANTK.
MMeTlANGE. the great clairvoyant, te'.Is past.
future; never fails; has the greatest Egyptian
ff-cret; shows picture future husband or wife;
fee 2^c and up; satisfaction to everybody; open
Sundays. 11C7 Market St.. bet. 7th and 8th.
MME. PORTER, wonderful clairvoyant & card
reader, born with double veil & second sight,
diagnoses disease with life reading; ladles 60c;
gent $1 : palm. & clair. sit. f 1 50. 125 Turk st.
IPMAR. the Egyptian gypsy clairvoyant and
palmist, rermanently located 114S Market, opp.
6th; private roa<JInKS dally 10 a. m. to 5*p. m.
MRS. E. SANDERS. S14 Taylor St., near Geary
—Clairvoyant, palmist and business medium;
ladles' circles Thurs., 2 p. m. ; Fri.. 8: clr. 25c.
J!ME. BERNARD reads life fluently; advice
given in all affairs in life; satisfaction guar-
anteed : 2r.c up. 17 Third st, next Examiner.
MME. AUGUST, clairvoyant, card reader and
palmistry; truth or no ray; 2Dc. 1143 Mission.
MME. HANPON. palmistry, card reader; past,
prctpnt, future, 23c. 14S Sixth st, room 14.
itRS. E. M. DUVALL. clairvoyant and healer,
diagnoses diseases. 425 Golden Gate ave.
CLAIRVOYANT, trance, business medium, card
reader, 25c up. 823 Mission St., nr. 4th: no sign.
MRS. MELVILLE, well-known clairvoyant, wa-
ter reader, moved to 11 Sixth; German spoken. -
MME. ZEKEDA. the eypsy. is the great palm-
Ist and card reader; 25c 7 Seventh; no sign.
"CONSULT WATSON," 15S1 Market St.. nr.
]"th; "famous medium, palmist"; 23c and 30c.
MME. SCHAFFER. clairvoyant, card reader;
fittings daily. 212H Sixth Et.
MME. RAVENNA reads life fluently; business
advice; names given; 25c up. 6 Fourth st
CARPET HEATING AND CLEANING.
WHEN you become disgusted with poor work
send to SPAULDING'S Pioneer Carpet-Beat-
ing Works. 333-337 Tehama St.; tel. South 40.
J. E. MITCHELL Carpet-Beating and Reno-
vating Co., 240 Fourteenth St.; tel. Mission 74.
CITY Steam Carpet-Beating Works, G. H.
STEVENS, mgr.. 38-40 Eth st ; tel. South 250.
CARPETS cleaned at 3c per yard, laid at 4c.
STRATTON'S. 3 Eighth St.: tel. Jessie 944.
ADVANCE Carpet Cleaning Co.. 402 Sutter st.;
id. Main 394. GEO. WALCOM, proprietor.
CONKLIN'S Carpet-Beating Works, 333 Golden
Oste ave.; telerihone East 126.
CHIROPODISTS.
BUNIONS. Ingrown nails, corns, absolute cure,
painless: consult'n free. Dr.Duncan.415 Sutter.
COLLECTION OFFICES.
GEORGE W. KELLY'S Agency— No charge un-
legs guccesBf ul. _ Room 310. 917 Market gt.
DENTISTS.
AT the ELECTRO-DENTAL CLINIcrioTjdar^
ket st.. cor. 4th.. rm. 7, Flood bltlg., you can
have your extractions done painlessly; teeth
without plates our specialty; gold crowns,
$3 DO up; plates, extractions free, $4 GO up; of-
fice hours, 9 a. m. to 10 p. m. ; Sundays. 9 to 2
p. m. G. W. WILLIAMSON. M. P.. Manager.
EIGHT prizes for best crowns, plates, bridges
and fillings; extractions or fillings by my won-
derful secret, painless method; 20 years', ex-
perience; no students; advice free; prices
cheapest and guaranteed; lady attendants.
DR. GEORGE W. LEEK. 20 O'Farrell st.
A NEW plate, the unbreakable Rose Pearl,
. warranted for 20 years; crowns and bridge-
work teeth without a plate; fillings. 60c;
crowns. $3 SO; plates, full set, $o 00; all work
painless and warranted. Chicago Dental Par-
lors. 24 Sixth et
"MAIN Office" New York Dental Parlors, 1019
Market st., bet. Sixth and Seventh. Consult
us on crowns and bridges. Teeth extracted
posltlx-ely and absolutely without pain.
TEETH extracted free; plates, $5; crowns, $3 60;
brid.e work. $»: all the latest methods for
painless dentistry: hours, 9 a. m.- to 9 p. m.
Modern Dental Parlors. 1206 Market, cor. G. O.'
DR. LUDLUM HILL. 1443 Market, nr. Eleventh
—No charge for extracting when plates ar»
made; old plates made over like new; teeth
from $S per set: extracting, 50c; gas given.
j DR. WALSH. 813% Geary, nr. Larkln— Painless
extraction 60c; plates $3 up; Tel. Polk 1135.
LOWEST prices in S. F. : painless extraction.
Me. New York Dentists, 963 Mission, cor. 6th.
PARIS Dental Parlor, 233 Kearny, cor. Bush—
Full ret of teeth, $4; crowns, $3; fillings, 23c.
VAN VRCOM— "Painless" : evenings and Sun-
days. 1001 Market St., corner Sixth.
SET of teeth without plate. DR H. o".
YOUNG. 1841 Polk st.
DOG HOSPITALS.
DR. BUZARD S Dog Hospital. Post. Fllirnore^
Advice and medicine. 75c; city visits. $1 SO; all
animals treated: dogs boarded. Tel. West 636.
I DR. Creely's C. P. mange cure and worm pills,
by druggists or at hospital. 510 Golden Gate av.
DltES.SJIAKEHS AND SEAMSTRESSES
ACCORDION pleating. factory; all kinds pleat-
¦ Ing. pinking. 121 Post. overO'Connor&Moffatt.
McDowell Dressmaking and Millinery School;
private class; patterns cut. 1019 Market st.
8. F. Dressmaking. Ladles' Tailoring and Mll-
; Ilnery School; Frencb system, ill Van Ness.
EDUCATIONAL.
AYRES' Business College. 723 Market St.: day
and evening; individual Instruction, $S per
month; life scholarship, $50; bookkeeping,
shorthand, telegraphy, etc.; Just added 25 new
typewriters: commercial department enlarged
and is the best in S. F.; catalogue free.
GALLAGHER-MARSH College. Parrott Bldg.—
Shorthand, typing and bookkeeping; Robert F.
Gallagher, expert court reporter, teacher of
shorthand: reportorial phrasing taught; prac-
tical bookkeeping: full course, $50: catalogue.
HEALD'S BUSINESS COLLEGE, 24 PosUst.,
S. F. — Bookkeeping, shorthand, typing, lan-
guages, telegraphy. English branches, civil,
electrical and mining engineering, etc.; day
and night sessions; new SO-page catalogue free.
NIGHT School for, Men at the Y. M. C. A.
building. Mason and Ellis ft?.; registration,
Sept. 10-24; studies elementary and advanced;
great opportunity for young men to gain a
practical business education.
A— THE LYCEUM, an accredited preparatory
school fcr the university, law and medical
colleges; references. President Jordan or any
Stanford professor. Phelan building.
SPANISH classes day and evening. 305 Larkin
et.. cor. McAllister; four lessons a week. $3 a
month; also private. PROF. F. M. VIZCAINO.
BOOKKEEPING, free trial: private lessons; 8
mos. in college not equal-to 8 wks. with me;
$23. TARR, expert accnt., 220 Parrott bldg.
MISS M. G. BARRETT. Shorthand Academy;
lessons by mall; acknowledged by official re-
porters best teacher, best system. 302 Montgy.
ALL students but two taking full course this
year got positions. SAN FRANCISCO BUSI-
NESS COLLEGE. 1236 Market st
ENGINEERING, civil, elec, mining, mech. sur-
vey, assay, cyanide, arch. : day, eve. ; est. 1S64.
VAN DER NAILLEN SCHOOL, 933 Market.
ILLUSTRATION— PARTINGTON'S DAY and
ILLUSTRATION— Night Class. 424 Pine st.
FRENCH. Spanish, etc. Prof. DeFilippe's Academy
of Languages,S20Post;estab'dlS71; ablest profs.
CALIFORNIA Business College is again en-
larging quarters. Come see us, 305 Larkln st.
MUNSON School Shorthand. Typing, Bookkeep-
ing. Spanish. 137 Mont'y. E. M. Carpenter, pr.
ARITHMETIC, bookkeeping, grammar, writing,
etc., day or eve. : $5 mo. 1024 Mission, nr. 6th.
CHEAPEST and best in America— The Weekly
Call. 16 pages, sent to any address In tha
United States or Canada one year for $1.
EMPLOYMENT OFFICES.
A — JAPANESE and Chinese employment con-
tractor; estab. over 10 years; all kinds help.
421 Post St., near Powell; Telephone Bush 135.
FRED WAMATS, Japanese. Chinese contrac-
tor; emp. office. 544 Cal. st; tel. Jame3 2601.
RELIABLE Japanese-Chinese employment of-
fice; all kinds help. 315 Stockton; Main 51S8.
JAPANESE Housecleanlng Co.— Walters, cooks,
dishwashers; est. 1S90. 1026 Oak; tel. Page 547.
UNION Japanese-Chinese emp. office — Best help
furn.: domestic serv. 417 Powell: tel. Bush 376.
ORPHEUM Employment Office— Japanese. Chi-
nese help. 426 Powell.nr.Sutter; tel.Black 6u72.
JAPANESE and Chinese Employment Office;
best help furn. Tel. John 2121. S06H Stockton.
CHINESE and Japanese Employment Office—
Best help. 411'^ O'Farrell -St.; tel. East 426.
EMPLOYMENT WANTED — FEMALE.
A FIRST-CLASS German woman desires a
situation as nur«e or taking .care of invalid ;
best of city references. J. F. CROSETT &
CO., 316 Sutter st.
2 SCANDINAVIAN second girls desire situa-
tions; best of references. J. F. CROSETT &.
CO., 316 Sutter st.
REFINED widow, with little girl 5 yeart. de-
sires employment as housekeeper for small
family, companion for elderly lady or pecond
girl; wascs $15 or $20: no objection to coun-
try. Box 2251. Call ofllre. s
FIRST-CLASS German cook and helper want
places together in hotel, restaurant or board-
ing-house; ttrst-class references. 242 Natoma
St., basement.
RESPECTABLE middle-aged woman wishes to
do cooking by the day; good references. Box
2243. Call olilce.
SITUATION wanted by middle-aged German
lady as working housekeeper; no objection to
children. Call 6S-76 Ellis gt., room S9, 1 to 4.
COMPETENT dressmaker: good fitter and cut-
ter; $160; dresses remodeled; quick worker.
Address 4441 Twentieth St.. near Eureka.
LADY wishes work by the day either wash-
ing or housecleanlne. £23 Minna St., jiear
Third.
GERMAN lady wishes to do outside work by
the day. Box 2248, Call office.
WOMAN wishes situation to do general house-
work or aFsiet the lady. Call at 12 Eleventh
Bt., near Market.
COMPETENT woman wishes work by the day
house, window or office cleaning. Call or ad-
dress L. ANDERSON. 1202 Mission St., room 3.
GIRL wishes situation to do housework and
cooking; wages $20 to $25. 2S2S Twenty-fourth
et., near Bryant.
WINCHESTER House. 44 Third St., near Mar-
ket— 2<X) rooms; 25c to $1 50 night, *1 50 to *S
week; convenient and respectable; free 'bus
and baggage to and from ferry.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office, 2200 Fillmore st.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096
Valencia Et.
EJirLOVMKXT WANTED MALE.
MAN and wife wants place; man good cook,
wife all-round help; boarding-house, camp or
institution; city or country. A. R., G38 Jessie
8t_, off Seventh.
WANTED — By a competent and experienced
man, position as bookkeeper in retail store;
references from last employer. Address box
2242. Call office. :
WELL-EDUCATED Japanese, neat, good ref-
erences, wishes situation; wages no object,
but wants plenty time to etudy. Box 2249,
Call office.
YOUNG barkeeper wants situation in first-class
saloon: willing to work for small wages. Ad-
dress box 2247. Call office.
A YOUNG Japanese, earnest boy, wants situa-
tion as general help in family; city or coun-
try. X. SATO. 564 Stevenson st. -- ..¦.;> ..•/¦
COOK wants work; good careful cook; or would
go as Becond cook. T. SMITH. 114 Seventh st.
A COMPETENT and industrious^ man with
small family, German, would like to take
charge of gentleman's place; thoroughly
understands orchard and vineyard work, dry-
Ing and packing fruit, gardening and general
. farming: wife first-class cook; references.
Box 2240. Call.
A THOROUGH, practical orchardlst. vineyard-
lst and general farmer of wide experience,
married, would like management of large
ranch or would take place on shares; refer-
ences. Box 2233, Call.
YOUNG man, fair writer, who understands
bookkeeping, desires position where rellabll-
. lty and trustworthiness would be recom-
mendations; reference; security. Box 2230,
Call office.
YOUNG man, well educated, desires position in
etore or manufacturing concern: understands
the drug trade; can give Al references and
security. C. J. SHILLING, 1581 Valencia st.
MAN with 2 horses and heavy wagon wants
work In city or country. Inquire Call office.
HARDWARE salesman of 6 years' - experience
desires position In city or country; first-class
references. Box 2244, Call office.
SITUATION, by first class fireman, economical
with fuel and handy with tools. Box 2233, Call.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096
Valencia st.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office, 2200 Fillmore.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents. The Weekly Call.
16 pages. In wrapper, for mailing, $1 per year.
EXPERT OPTICIANS.
EYES examined free; spectacles properly ad-
Jufted. N. Manaspc, oculist optician. 910 Mkt.
FINANCIAL.
FINANCIAL— Invest your money in manufac-
turing; safe and profitable; $290 lowest amount
accepted; company organizing; 6 per cent
guaranteed. Box 2250, Call office.
WANTED— Loan $500 for 6 months, $50 premi-
¦ um; second mortgage; city property. Box
2232, Call office.
IF you have stocks or bonds of any kind for
sale call or address PACIFIC COAST UN-
DERWRITING CO.. E04 Parrott building.
WANTEI>— $20,000 at 7 per cent of first mort-
gage. Box 2229. Call office.
FLATS TO .LET. •"•-
887H HAYES— Flat of 3 rooms; bath and yard-
new plumbing; rent $8. y-
IF you want to move get printed list flats to let
from BALDWIN & HOWELL, 10 Montgomery.
413 STEVENSON, near Fifth— Upper flat 5
rooms; rent $13; water free. . . .
FLAT:, TO LET— •KUllMSHKO.
FELL, 111 — Four nicely furnished rooms; bath;
. sunny yard. . ... - -j- : . . . .
FURNITURE ; FOR SALE.
4 ROOMS furnished in oak for $48 50." with No. 7
range. King Furniture Co., 1127-1131 Market.
FUKNITUItE WANTED.
CHAS. ¦ LEVY buys your furniture, carpets,
pianos, etc. 1135 Market St.; tel. Jessie 761.
A. WOLLPERT, 773 Mission St., pays highest
price for second-hand furniture; tel. Red 1354.
ALWAYS 'phone John 1041 before selling your
furniture. Standard Furn. Co., 745 Mission.
Auctioneer— L.Vincent. 1305 Larkln: tel. Polk b94;
• furniture & furn'd houses bought; spot cash.
W. E. CODY, (late with J. T. Terry & Co.), buys
furniture, carpets. 757 Mission; tel. Red 3333.
HELP WAM'KD-FEJIALE.
C. R. HANSEN & CO Phone Grant 135
HOTEL DEPARTMENT
20 first-class waitresses to register now for
Southern California; 8 waitresses, different
country hotels, $20; waitress. city, $20; 2
lunch and dinner waitresses, $20; 2 chamber-
| maids to wait, $20; 3 neat young girls desir-
ing steady work to learn waiting at table,
good opportunity; woman cook, $30; woman
for dish pantry, $25.
- FAMILY DEPARTMENT
First-class cook, who desirea good steady
place, small American family across the bay,
$30, call early; mother and daughter, -$50;
girl ae second girl for very choice place,
country, $20 and fare; ranch cook. $25: 100
other choice places. -C. R. HANSEN &. CO..
104. Geary st.
HOUSEGIRL, small American family; city;
must be good plain cook. C. R. HANSEN
& CO.. 104 Geary st.
SCANDINAVIAN or German woman, $35 to $43
years of age for general housework and cook-
ing; small American family, *$20 to $25. C.
R. HANSEN & CO., 104 Geary st.
"WANTED— Cook, $30; second girl, $20. same
place; second girl and nurse. $25; 4 second
girls, $20, $25; French nurse. $25; French
cook. $30; 2 pantry girls, $20, $25; ' 2 cooks
for men. $25, $30; chambermaids and wait-
resses, $20; 3 parlor maids and waitresses, $25;
- 4 cooks, plain wash $23; 170 houseglrls, $20.
$25. J. F. CROSETT &yO.. 316 Sutter st.
NURSEGIRL. country, $15; fare paid. MISS
CULLEN. 325 Sutter st
COMPANION for an invalid lady, $20; must
speak German. MISS CULLEN, 325 Sutter.
A— TWO waitresses, south, $20 each; fare paid.
MISS CULLEN, 325 Sutter si.
COMPETENT middle-azed woman to do gen-
eral housework in family of 2;- short distance
' from city; answer, giving wages expected and
references. Box 2246, Call office^ •
WANTED— Competent girl for second work and
assist with waiting; references required. Call
between 1 and 2 at 1121 Sutter st.
WANTED-Sober, strong woman for general
housework. Apply 626 Harrison St., near
First.
APPRENTICES wanted on ladies* underwear.
723 Market St.. room 35.
SHIRT and overall operators. Apply HEYNE-
MANX & CO.. 410 Mission st.
COMPETENT cook, $25. 1002 Van Ness ave.,
near O'Farrell st.
GIRL to assist* with housework; good home;
wages $10. 436 Fourteenth St.
GERMAN* girl for cooking and assist In house-
work; wages $25. 1816 Sacramento st.
YOUNG girl to care for baby: light housekeep-
ing. $6. 962 Post St., room 14, before noon.
WANTED— A good woman pastry cook; wages
$6. 467 McAllister st.
TEN experienced waiet and skirt hands at
rooms 124 and 134. Spring Valley building.
GIRL for general housework; 3 In family; small
flat. 1600 Lyon st., corner Bush.
GIRL to do general housework and cooking in |
small family. 1104A Devlsadero st.
WAITRESS wanted. Apply People's Restau-
rant, 631 Clay 6t.
NEAT young girl to assist in bakery. 32 Sixth '
street.
W ANTED— Competent cook at 2204 California i
et. Apply between 9 and 12 n. tn.
GIRL wanted for cooking- and general house-
work; wages $20. Apply at 1025 Devlsadero.
\VANTED — A younjc German girl for general
V housework; $15. S38& Harrison st.
WANTED— Woman for light housework and
care for baby. 1710 Polk st.
WANTED— Young girl to assist In light house-
I work; sleep home. 704 Buchanan, near Hayes.
WANTED— An apprentice to learn dressmak-
ing. Apply 710 Polk st.
A GOOD coat finisher wanted; steady work.
Call at 254 Ellis st.
GIRL for light housework, • assist lady; good
wages. 1219A Geary st.. near Gough.
WANTED— Women and glrl^to work on toma-
toes, canning and preparing: highest wages
paid; steady work; prizes lor quick work.
Apply Immediately to U. S. FRUIT PACK-
ING CO., Harrison ave.. between Seventh and
Eishth sts., off Folsom.
APPRENTICES on overalls. STANDARD
j SHIRT FACTORY, cor. Gough and Grove sts.
[ _-"™~~ ~* ' *• -• .- ;
GIRLS to rivet overalls, also sewing machine
operators, at Levi Strauss & Oo.'s factory,
32H Fremont st. ; no experience necessary;
good wages. Apply to MR. DAVIS.
A COMPETENT, neat girl for general house-
work; good cook; references required; wages,
$23. Call 1710 Everett st., Alameda, broad
gauge, Park-st. station.
FIRST-CLASS finisher on coats; also appren-
tice: steady work. • Call WM. T. VALEX-
t TINE. 254 Geary st.
SECOND girl for upstairs work. 1562 Post
St., near Lagruna. « .;:'. >
WANTED — Good laundress; $25 mo. and room
and board. Address Russ House, San Jose.
GIRL about 15 years. CARSON GLOVE CO.,
35 Market St.
GOOD finisher on pants. 83 Third st
WHOLESALE house desires a responsible
woman to travel: position permanent. Box
2235, Call office.
EXPERIENCED cook In a private family.
' 2219 Scott st.
NEAT German- girl to assist in housework.
Call 1628 Folsom st., near Twelfth.
WANTED— Girl for general - housework and
cooklpff. 731 Green st.
WANTED — Women and girls to work on fruit.
1731 .Folsom st., between 13th and 14th. .
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office, 2200 Fillmore st.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096 Va-
lencia st. .
HELP WANTED— MALE.
A^w^N^TEir'TrrriTrrrrrrr?^^
Laundryman for Institution, country; $35 and
found. W. D. EWER & CO.. 610 Clay Bt. •
A— WANTED ..........*
2 winery hands, $30 and found; slaughterer
sheep and hogs, $35 and fd. ; 3 laborers for
mine, $1 75 a day; groom for colts, $20; groom
for training barn, $20; second baker on cakes,
$30 and found; gardener, country, $25; nur-
sery hand, $20 and fd.; ironmolder, $3 a day;
milker for Slsklyou' Co., -$30; woodchoppers,
near city, $1 a tier; cook for Institution, $40.
W. D. EWER & COt. 610 Clay St.
COOK; ranch; $20. MISS CULLEN, 825 Sut-
ter st.
BARBERS' Progressive Union— Free employ-
ment. H. Bernard, Sec, 104 7th; tel. Jessie 152.
BUSHELMAN wanted. Apply between 10 and
11 a. m. to CHARLES LYONS, tha London
Tailor, 721 Market Bt.
COOK for a coffee . and lunch house (no res-
taurant); must be sober man. Fountain Cafe,
22 California st.
WANTED— Steady man; light., genteel work;
will pay $15 to $18 per week; small capital re-
quired. 1016 Market St., room 10.
BARBER wanted for Saturday and Sunday at
132 Pacific fit.
BARBER for Saturday; wages $3. 89 Third st
BARBER for Saturday at 1211 Market st;
wages.
GOOD woolen spinners. Call at once BROWN
BROS. & CO., 121 Sansome st.
COATMAKER for country. Apply REISS
BROS. & CO.. 24 Sutter st. • ¦ - r
GOOD shoemaker wanted. Apply to A. Ii.
BRYAN. 316 Market st. f
WANTED— Tailor. ROOS BROS., 25-37 Kear-
ny st. -; ¦¦-.
EXPERIENCED cutter on ladles' waists. 723
Market St., room . 35.
EXPERIENCED shirt knife cutters on ladies'
muslin underwear. 723 Market St., room 35.
MASSEUR wanted with $100; good opportunity.
Box 2245, Call office.
WANTED— A ' first-class coatmaker at room
1001. Palace Hotel.-
2 SHOEMAKERS. 4092 Twenty-fourth St..
near Castro.
1JOR Seattle— First-class , pan tsmaker. Call 310
Hush H. ¦ .
WANTED— Sober, experienced bedmaker. Call
9 o'clock, 664% Howard st.
A BLACKSMITH helper who can drive? shoes.
.. Armour -Hotel,"., Baden.
GET your shoes half soled while . waiting ; : 25o
to EOc 662 Mission st., bet 1st and 2d sts.
WSAILED.
LATE SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
SPOKEN
Thursday. October 4.
Br etmr Moana, Carey. Honolulu and Sydney.
Oct 2. south of Cape- Flattery— Ship Standard,
from Honolulu, for Tacoma.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
HONOLULU— Sailed Sept 27— Br bark Dun
regtan. for San Francisco.
NEAH BAY— Passed Oct 4— Ship Reaper,
from Port Gamble, for Port Plrle; schr R W
Bartlett. from Port Gamble, for San Francisco:
bktn Newsboy, from Port Gamble, for Sydney;
ship Wm H Smith, from Moodyvllle. for Syd
ney; ship C F Sargent, from Tacoma. for
Honolulu.
Passed In Oet 4— Stmr Centennial, from Capo
Nome, for Seattle.
TACOMA— Sailed Oct 4— Schr Mary E Russ.
for San Fraacisco.
SEATTLE— Sailed Oct 3— Stmr City of To
peka. for Skaguay; stmr Rainier, for San Fran
cisco. Oct 4— Br ship GlenoKtl, for Tacoma;
8tmr Ohio, tor Cape Nome.
Arrived Oct 4-:Stmr Czarina, hence Sept 30;
etmr Santa Ana. from Cape Nome.
PORT TOWNHEND— Arrived Oct 4-rSchr Ad
miral, from Guayaquil.
Passed up Oct 4— Stmr Mackinaw, hence Oct
1, for Seattle; Nor stmr Horda, hence Sept 20,
for Tacoma.
FOREIGN PORT.
VICTORIA— Arrived Oct 4— Br stmr Mlowera.
from Sydney.
GRAND HOTEL.
HOTEL ARRIVALS.
J S Craljr. Woodland
(I Rummelsburg, Sites
C H Blemer, Sacto
A C Houg-h. Cal
A M Seymour, Sacto
Mrs E Reavls, Sacto
J L Barbam & w. An
tloch »
Mrs C T Montgomery,
Antloch
M F Tarpey, Alameda
H Hlckman. Cal
E Everson, Cal
J V Sherhard, N Y
J Mathena, Sacto
H O Foster & w, Cal
G S Nutting, Cal
G Schwlnn. Huron
H L Moorman, N Y
J W Brunton, L Ang
G Davis. Chicago
F E Josewskl. WIs
G C Hyatt & w, Cal
3 W Traylor, Denver
H P Nye, San Diego
J K Lamont, Cal
J T Ellis, Helena
XV Eneland & dau, Cal
I B Chlnn. Portervllle
3 S Gates & fam. Mex
,C H Rose, N T
tt* S Durkee, N Y
T O Leor>old. Sacto
I J Miley, Bakersfleld
B M Howe. Cal
B C Atkins. Arizona
R H Barclay. Portland
D D Oll^hant. Portld
J M Carty. Cal
Mrs W Lamb. Cal
A. B Ambuse, Lockford
A C Hinz & w. Cal
I W Glenn. Stockton
F P Evans, Los Gatos
O Matthews. S Rosa
Mrs Plummer. Cal
C A Moss, Wash D C
G w Towle. Towle
R R Burns, Los Angr
0 Y Woodward, Cal
C N Pierce. Victory Isl
/ J Blick. Pasadena
V L Ward, Pasadena
XV J Catt. Wash, D C
E C Hart. Sacto
Mrs T P Robb. Glenwd
W Oldenberg, Germany
•I Campbell. Wisconsin
C Campbell. Wisconsin
G Willy & w, Wlsconsn
PALACE HOTEL.
Mrs \V E DarRie, Oak
Miss nargte, Oak
C L Fritt. Colo Spps
R A Penrose Jr, Ariz
E W Clayton, Sn Jose
W L Henley, Vallejo
H TrowbrldKe. Ls Ang
D S Deane. Boston "
E T Wallace. Yreka
A F Dudley, N Y
B B Hinckley. Eng
D Campbell. Ft Worth
S W Majorfleld. N Y
G W Lloyd, Randsburg
W Melzor, Phoenix
T II Macleay, Portlnd
R L Macleay. Portlnd
F D Tuell, Cal
F T UnderhUl, S Barb
H N Rice, Boston
F S Johnson & w, Cal
A Hill. Michigan
n W McKenzie. S Dleg
B L Smith, Eureka
J J Bishop & w, Phlla
XV G French, N Y
A W Brown, N* Y
II Kempner, Chicago
R Robertson, Sta Cruz
J HerzoK, N Y
NEW WESTERN HOTEL.
J Brennon. China
E J Bennett. Vallejo
E Smith, Vallejo
F R Johnston, Vallejo
r Orchard, Nome
C H Losee, Elmlra
J Rummers. Elmlra
I Sullivan. Merced
J A Sickler. Merced
A McGinley. Stockton
G A Nagelle, Chicago
J B Norton. St Louis
O Nyjrano. Stockton
G Johnson, Vallejo
W H Spengeniann. Mo
J O Kelley, Seattle
Mrs Kooutz. Humboldt
O A Smith, Petaluma
\V Watkina, Benicia
B A Jones. Benlcia
H Vivian, Tulare
W P Colebersr. Llvermr
P C Drost. Sacto
J A Fletcher. Sebastop
T Warren, St Louis
M Cullan. Folsotn
D Miller. Lavelock
R B Cowlins. N York
W Drew. Chlcaso
B Vuscovlch, S Diego
S R Dennis, Boston
Breaks World's Record-
NEW YORK, Oct. 4.— M. W. Long of
the New York Athletic Club this after
noon at the Guttenburg racetrack/ broke
the world's 440-yard running record, going
the distance in 47 seconds. The former
record of i1% seconds was held by Wendle
Baker and was made at Beacon Park,
Boston.
Killed by a Horse.
LEMOORE. Oct. 4.— Rose Dwight. an
eight-year-old child, while riding a horse
in a pasture near her home on the out
skirts of town, fell off and her foot be
came entangled In a rope which was tied
around the horse. The horse became
frightened and dragged her around the
pasture. When found she was dead.
ARTIST WILLIAM KEITH
ADOPTS AN ODD STYLE
Paints Some Striking Portraits With
the Depth and Somberness of
the Old Masters.
A comparatively rare exajnple of the
genius of William Keith ia to be seen this
week in the artist's studio, in the shape
of a trio of portraits of Charles A. Keeler,
the poet. Also to be seen are portraits of
Collls P. Huntington and Irving M. Scott.
The Keeler portraits are unusual and very
distinctive in handling. Painted In a rich,
warm key and with the depth and somber
ness of the old masters, these experiments
in tone are most fascinating and beauti
ful. An elusive, dreamy effect it Is. In
stead of the figure "standing out" from
the canvas — the commonplace ideal of a
whole past generation of painters — it
seems to be bathed in mysterious depths
far on the other side of the frame. The
subject is a pictqresque one, and the pic
ture portraits are yet another triumph for
our Western genius.
Frank A. McComas, but recently return
ed to San Francisco from Paris, has gone
for a short season to his Australian home.
It is understood that he will return to
California early in the spring. He takes
with him many California sketches, and
among them a very original Leona
Heights landscape. Mr. McComas is es
sentially of the moderns— modern, and
this landscape has all the breadth of con
ception, simplicity of treatment, direct
ness and sensitive tone values that char
acterize the school.
Miss Blanche Letcher, who has achieved
considerable local distinction lately with
some clever pastel and water-color por
traits, will leave San Kranclsco next week
for New York for further study and work.
A number of examples of this clever girl's
work— just back from the Sacramento
State Fair— 'are to be seen in the studio
of Miss Anna Frances Briggs. Her por
traits show good drawing, a nice sense of
color and artistic place and pose.
It is understood Grace Hudson will
shortly leave Ukiah and her Indian chiefs
and princesses for a painting trip to the
Sandwich Islands, where doubtless she
will revel in the fine bronze and coppery
tints of the native beauties. Mrs. Hudson
has a new Indian picanlnny on exhibition
in one of the galleries, showing all the
tine conscientiousness and sympathy with
the subject that is characteristic of her
work.
At last hearing the proceeds from the
sale of pictures of the late artist. Ray
mond D. Yelland. at the Hopkins Art In
stitute, amounted to $2100. Other pictures,
however, have since been disposed of.
and it is estimated the sum total of the
sale so far will touch $2500.
Joseph D. Greenbaum's exhibition at a
local gallery has created considerable in
terest and proved successful financially.
To the adroit hand and brain of Board
man Michael Robinson was due no in
considerable proportion of the success of
the Carolan ball — from the artistic side of
it, that is. Many of the picturesque cof
tumes were designed by him. the scheme
of decorations planned, and even the mys
terious mazes of some of the dances or
dered in artistic evolution.
An amusing story comes down from
Nome anent the misfortunes of an artist
among the goldseekers. When Marius
Dahlgren left San Francisco to seek his
fortune in the Nome gold fit-Ids he took
with him paint and canvas to immortalize
the country in the event of the country
neglecting to Immortalize him financially.
But with Mr. Dahlgren's party a small
boat — or rather its constituent parts — was
taken, and at last when they landed was
put together for use. Then came the
tragic discovery that the dishonest— or
only careless — shrpbuilder had forgotten
to include the whitelead in the boat's fix
ings, and how to calk the seams without
It at eighty miles distance from Nome
civilization was the question. At last the
Goth of the party suggested the artist's
paintbox, and with tears the sacrifice was
made, the "landscapes of the future"
decorating the insensate seams of the lit
tle craft. It was perhaps owing to this
treatment, however, that the tiny boat
escaped wrecking during a twenty-eight
days' Journey through the recent terrible
storms from. Port Clarence to Nome.
All Purses and Premiums Will Be
Paid in Full — Harness Men
How Headed for San
Jose.
Aided by the elements the brilliant Tan
foran Park Fair came to an inglorious
ending yesterday. Rain helped alleviate
the sufferings of sad-eyed Ed Smith, tue
Sacramento Impresario of racing, ¦who
inveigled Henry J. Crocker and other
prominent society men into the scheme.
As a promoter. Smith Is not a success,
though he will long live in turf history
as the discoverer of "the invisible foul."
After playing to nine days of vacant
benches in the grand stand the directors
of the San Francisco and San Mateo Ag
ricultural Association met yesterday and
In order to meet a $12,000 dencit it was de
cided to levy an assessment of $4 a share.
Sixty of the most prominent business men
in the city comprise the list of stock
holders, but it Is understood Henry J.
Crocker, president of the association, will
be the chief sufferer. All "premiums and
purses offered at the fair, it is said, wili
be paid in full.
The whole thing was the dream of a
vacant mind; an ill-timed endeavor to
lead the sedate and peaceably inclined
residents of San Mateo County into the
idea that they were ripe ror a season of
sport. The county has already had too
much racing, coupled with its attendant
evils, and society and society folks
frowned on the venture. If its flame was
fanned to injure the State Fair held at
Sacramento its own lights flickered and
went out.
Of course rain precluded any trotting
or pacing yesterday. This was the knot
hole that allowed the cat to get out of
the barn. The rules governing the racing
at Tanforan will not permit of declaring
the meet off. but it will be postponed
from day to day.
Beginning in the early hours to-day th3
prize cattle and horses will be put aboard
the cars, the handsome traps and car
riages will be removed to tne manufac
tories from which they came, the harnes3
horse people will head for San Jose and
another dream will have been proved a
false reality.
Light Receipts and Rain
Cause the Meeting to Be
Declared Off.
TANFORAN RACING
ENDS ABRUPTLY
Leaders Are So Far Ahead That It
Will Be Difficult for Rivals
to Overtake
Them.
BOSTON. Oct. 4.— It now appears to.be
almost a foregone conclusion that Brook
lyn will again win the championship of
the National League. With the close of
the season just nine days off. the leaders
are sufficiently far in advance of their
nearest competitor to reasonably insure
them the pennant. The Brooklyn team
has but six more games to play in order
to finish the schedule, and of this num
ber but two wins will be required to se
cure the championship. On the other
hand, Pittsburg has eight more games to
play, and could not gain first place even
by winning all of them If Brooklyn should
score two mora. victories, so, to say the
least, Brooklyn's chances are very bright.
BRIGHT FOR BROOKLYN.
Needs to Win But Two Games More
to Take the Pennant.
STANDING OF THE CLUBS.
Clubs— W. L. Pet. Clubs— W. L. Pet.
Brooklyn SO 52 .806 Chicag-o 63 69 .477
Pittsburg ...74 57 .565 St. Louis. ...60 72 .435
Philadelphia 71 62 .634 Cincinnati ...59 73 .446
Boston 65 67 .492 New York... 55 77 .421
BOSTON, Oct. 4.— Brooklyn made it three
straight from Boston to-day. Attendance. 1000.
Score:
Clubs— R. H. E.
Boston 3 7 0
Brooklyn 7 9 2
Batteries — Lewis, Sullivan and Plttenger;
Kitson and McGulre. Umpire — Hurst.
CINCINNATI, Oct. 4.— Jones was hit harder
than Hahn, but St. Louis had all the luck
and won an Interesting game. Attendance. 300.
Score:
Clubs— R. H. E.
Cincinnati ; 1 11 0
St. Louis 2 8 2
Batteries— Hahn and Kahoe; Jones and Crl
ger. Umpire— Emslle.
PHILADELPHIA. Oct. 4.— New York out
batted Philadelphia, but the locals' hitting was
more sequential and that decided It. Attend
ance, 666. Score:
Clubs— R. H. E.
Philadelphia 5 7 1
New York 4 14 1
Batteries— Donahue and McFarland; Carrlck,
Taylor and Bowerman. Umpire— Snyder.
Need Only to Capture Two
of Six Games to Hold
Championship
BROOKLYN SEEM
SURE WINNERS
MONTPELIER, Vt., Oct. 4— The Ver
mont Legislature assembled in joint ses
sion to-day and • Governor-elect W. W.
Stickney was inaugurated,
Inaugurated Governor.
BAN^JOSE, Oct. -4.— Mrs. A. E. Wilder,
wife of the vice president of the Fan Jose
Safe Deposit Bank, and Mrs. F. M. Gray,
two prominent society ladies, had an ex
perience with a foctpad last night that
they, are not likely to forget. They had
been attending a cor. cert 'at the St. James
Hotel, and shortly after 10 o'clock started
for home. Mrs. ' Wilder resides at 553
Xorth Fourth street and Mrs. Gray in the
vicinity. -
As they passed the warehouses on First
street, near the railroad track, a man
came out of the darkness and followed
them. They paid no attention to him.
Turning Into Empire street from First the
footpad rapidly closed the distance be
tween himself and the ladles. The first
Intimation the ladies had of the man's
Intention was when he grabbed Mrs.
Wllder's purse, which she carried In her
hand. She hung on plucklly to her money
and screamed. Then both ladies screamed
—and screamed again for help. People In
the neighborhood were aroused and some
approaching pedestrians rushed to their
assistance. The highwayman made sev
eral Jerks to obtain possession of the
purse and then turned and fled, getting
out of the way before help arrived.
Frightened Away by Ap
proaching Pedestrians.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Attempts to Steal a Purse, but Is
FOOTPAD ATTACKS TWO
SAN JOSE WOMEN
WITNESSES TESTIFY
IN BEGEROWS FAVOR
Say That He Was Attacked by Cech
and Berger and Fired the Fatal
Shots in Self-Defense.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SAN JOSE, Oct. 4.— Some favorable tes
timony was given to-day to substantiate
the plea of self-defense set up by ex-Con
stable Begerow of Alviso. who shot and
killed Joseph Cech and August Berger at
the brewers' picnic on July 15. Begerow
also took the stand and told of the kill
ing, which he claimed he did only in self
defense and after the decedents had
threatened his life.'
The prosecution rested about noon. Their
witnesses have been rather weak, and it
looks as though Begerow will be ac
quitted.
Max Shannanb'erger was the principal
witness the prosecution had on to-day,
and he proved an excellent witness for the
defendant. He saw the, trouble between
the constable and Cech and Berger. He
said Begerow had arrested "Bismarck"
and Cech and Berger took him away from
the officer, whom they struck. Begerow
drew a club, which he lost in the scuffle.
Then he drew a revolver and said some
thing to the men. The constable fired one
shot in the air and then killed the two
men, who were pressing toward him.
Antone Wolff and Mrs. Bloem were
other witnesses. •
The defense introduced a number of
witnesses from Alviso to testify to Bege
row's character. They all said it was
good.
Leo Maloney, a 12-year-old boy, gave
the same testimony as Max Shannajiber
ger.
Begerow then took the stand in his own
behalf. Mrs. Begerow occupied a chair
near his attorney and wept while her hus
band told the story of the murders. Bege
row said he went to the picnic and while
there was appealed to to maintain order
by the barkeeper. He said Cech and Ber
ger came up to him and abused him as an
officer. They used vulgar language to him,
and when he arrested "Bismarck" they
took the prisoner away. His story was
practically the same as told by witnesses
Shanranberger and Maloney. Begerow
said they beat him about the face, and he
warned them not to interfere with his
duties as an officer. They threatened to
kill him. He received a black eye and
blows on nose and mouth. His club was
knocked from his hand. To protect him
self he drew a revolver and warned them
to stop. Then they repeated their threat
to kill him. He fired a shot in the air to
warn them, but Cech and Berger came
for him and he killed them. Defendant
made a good impression with the jury.
The clothes Begerow wore at the time
were introduced In evidence. They wera
covered with blood, which ho declared
came from injuries he received at the
hands of Cech and Berger.
Wainwright Sentenced.
NEVADA CITY, Oct. 4.— Edward C.
Walnwright, who last Fourth of July
night shot Kugene Bruhns, who with
some young men was throwing firecrack
ers Into a Truckee dance hall where
"VValnwrlght was employed as mandolin
player, was this afternoon found guilty
of assault with intent to commit murder
and waiving time was sentenced to three
years in San Quentin.
ST. LOUIS, Oct. 4.— At Kinloch Park the
fifth event, a five and a half furlong
sprint, attracted the most attention, as it
brought together Chlnn & Forsythe's"
crack two-year-old colt Duelist and Fred
Cook's great four-year-old campaigner
John A. Morris. The former was mac(e an
even money favorite. The pace set was
very fast. Duelist winning easily in 1:06
by three lengths from Doublet and clip
ping half a second from the world's rec
ord for a circular track. Morris was third,
two lengths behind Doublet.
It was a good day for the backers of
public choices, five favorites and a second
choice earning brackets. Results:
Missouri Breeders' handicap, six furlongs—
W. J. Baker won, Vlcie Vance second. Hi
Nocker third. Time. 1:13V4-
Six and a half furlongs — Master Mariner won,
Tayon second. Go Out third. Time, 1:21.
One mile, selling — Celtic Bard won. Meddle
some second. Jim XV third. Time, 1:42.
One mile and a quarter, over five hurdles-
Eva Moe won, Yaruba second. University third.
Time. 2:13?i.
Five and a half furlongs — Duelist won. Doub
let second, John A. Morris third. Time, 1.06.
One mile and an eighth, selling— Love's La
bor won. John Baker second, Haviland third.
Time, 1:53.
Breaks Track Record.
NEW YORK, Oct. 4.— Three favorites
were first past the wire to-day at Morris
Park— Redpath in the first, Modrine in the
third and First Whip in the last race.
Modrine won the Belle Meade stakes at
seven furlongs and made a new record for
the course of l:26Vfe- The Bronx handicap,
the other stake feature, went to Musette,
an added starter. Results:
Sir furlongs — Redpatch "won, Vulcaln second,
Toluca third. Time, 1:11.
Five furlongs— Ordurdls won, Kathertna sec
ond, Inshot third. Time, 1:00.
The Belle Meade, seven furlongs— Modrine
won. Brigadier second. Water Cure third. Time,
l:26Vi.
The Bronx handicap, six furlongs— Musette
won, Meehanus second, Belle of Troy third.
Time, 1:14.
One mile— Cyrano won, Compensation second,
Trigger third. Time. 1:41%.
One mile and a sixteenth, selling— First Whip
won, Mlllstream second. Carbuncle third. Time.
1:47.
Results at Hawthorne.
CHICAGO, Oct. 4.— Results at Haw
thorne:
Five and a half furlongs— Barbara M won,
Tenny Belle second, Compass third. Time,
1:07';.
Kix furlongs— Goebel won. Peace second. The
Barrister third. Time, 1:13%.
Steeplechase, short course — Manchie won.
Alice B second. Babe Robertson third. Time,
8:21.
One mile— Prejudice won. Advance Guard
second. Florlzar third. Time. l:40»i-
One mile and an eighth— Our Nellie won.
Koenig second. Old Mike third. Time. 1:53%.
Mile and a sixteenth, selling— Piccola won.
Locust Blossom second, Kanokee third. Time,
l:4S.
The Card at Fort Erie.
BUFFALO, N. Y., Oct. 4.— Results at
Fort Erie:
Six furlongs— Quaver won, Coralla3 second,
Tyrba third. Time, 1:15.
Four and a half furlongs— Ida Quicklime won.
Custodian second, Berney Tickle third. Time,
:56<;.
One ir.ile— Topgallant won, The Jefferson sec
ond, Chcdn third. Time, 1:40%.
Five and a half furlongrs — Olcott won. Berth i
Noll second. Our Lizzie third. Time, 1:07%.
Four and a half furlones— Toad Payne won,
Phospherous second, Lizzie A third. Time,
:56'i-
Six furlongs— Free Hand won, Cad Hazel Bec
ond. Earl Fonso third. Time, 1:14%.
BORALMA WINS GAMELY.
Captures Transylvania at the Ken-
tucky Breeders' Meeting.
LEXINGTON, Ky,. Oct. 4.— Interest in
the third day's programme of the Ken
tucky Trotting-horse Breeders' Associa
tion fall meeting was centered on the
Transylvania 2:13 trotting, purse $5000.
Boralma, from Lawson's stable, winner
of last year's Futurity, was the favorite
at 2 to 3, and at this figure was played
heavily, about $38,000 being placed on him.
The night poolselling record on the Tran
sylvania was broken, nearly $100,000 going
into the box.
Jn the first heat Boralma and Bay Star
collided about 125 yards from the wire.
Both went down and John Kinney, Bay
Star's driver, received a wrenched knee.
The field finished, York Boy winning the
The judges announced that both Boral
ma and Bay Star could remain. Bay Star
was placed eighth and Boralma ninth in
the heat. Both horses were greeted with
loud applause upon their reappearance on
the track for the second heat.
In this heat Boralma was the outside
horse, but had the pole before the first
quarter had been reached. He kept this
position to the finish.
Boralma won the third heat easily. Be
fore the start of the fourth heat the bet
ting was 3 to 10, with the crowd back
ward about taking. The game Boston
horse finished first in this heat, winning
the race. He was covered with a floral
blanket as the band played "He was bred
in Old Kentucky."
To J. Y. Gatcomb, Boralma s .driver, a
floral design was given.
In the Futurity for two-year-olds Furl
won the flrpt heat easily. Alice Mapes,
in the following heat, made a strong
race, finishing first. In the third
Miss Ophelia and Alice Mapes were neck
and neck in the stretch, but the latter
fmlled away and finished fully two
engths ahead, winning first, third
and fourth money. Thomas "W. Lawson's
winnings in the Transylvania will be
given to local charities./ Weather fair;
attendance 9000. Summaries:
The Transylvania, 2:13 class trot, value
$5000— Boralma won the second, third and
fourth heats In 2:0S, 2:09, 2:08%. York Boy won
first heat in 2:10%. Lord Derby, Prince of
India, Cornelia Belle, Silver Wllkee, Bay Star,
Alverada and Greenfield Boy also started.
2:20 cla*s trot, purse $1000— Stranger won the
third, fourth and fifth heats in 2:1314, 2:1b,
2:12V4. Newton A won the first and second
heats in 2:13, 2:13*4. King Humbert, Molo. Free
Silver, Ehba, ElectroDOlse. Tell Tale, Mlnda,
Wilhelm Melster, Jim Lawrence, Pantheou,
Blmpson and Otto Weis also started. ,
Futurity, two-year-olds, pacing— Alice Mapes
won the second and third heats in 2:16, 2:14%.
Furl won the first heat in 2:15^. Mlsa Ophelia
and Cairemaueck also started.
Chinn & Forsythe's Two- Year-Old
Goes the Distance in 1 :06
at Kinloch
Park.
Duelist Sets a New Mark for
Five and a Half Fur
longs.
WORLD'S RECORD
IS CUT DOWN
The Ingleside Coursing Association held
the draw last night for the Saturday
and Sunday coursing at San Mateo Park.
Seventy-two dogs, none of which has won
a stake within four. months, were entered.
Trains will leave Saturday and Sunday
at 10:15 a. m. The draw is:
J O'Dowd's Shcotover vs. Lowe & Thomp
sons Prince Hal; A. Johnson's lod Sloan vs.
A. Johnson's Lowlander; J. Rock's Lady Choice
ve. T. Lozan's Honor Bright; J. R. Smith s
Sylvanua vs. W. C. Glasson's Sleigh Bells; Kay
Bros.' Hawker vs. F. Jones' Lavina; P. M.
Clurkson's Flower of Gold vs. D. Perry's Com
modore Nash; James Hurley's Shylock Boy vs.
W. C. Badcer's Alameda Lad; P. O'Donnel 6
Hoodlum vs. J. R. Smith's Petronius; George
Sharman's Mies Skyrocket vs. J. Dempsey's
Jingle Bells; 11. Mlchilikl's Terronite vs. P.
Cronin's Copper Kiiic; J. McCormick's Black
Daisy vs. J. O'Dcwd's Krin's Hope; A. Bucher's
Kanaka vs. Schaffer Bros.' .Thunderbolt: P.
Steinhoft's Veto vs. George Whitney's Theron;
J Dickson's Lady Bess vs. J. II. Perlgo's Con
troller; James Hurley's Blulst vs. D. Shannon's
Solid Silver; I>. E. Wiley's High Born Lady
vs. J McCormick's "White Lily; Lande & Ger
ber's 3Jt. Ida vs. 1). E. Wiley's Buckles; Porter
Bros.' Pluck vs. J. Flower's Keystone; George
Sharman's Bona Fide vs. J. R. Smith's Pass
word; George Parklson's Ben Lomond vs. C.
O. Peterson's Sliver Cloud; Lande & Gerber's
Concord vs. G. Lennon's Half Moon; C. Bonar's
Wild Norah vs. Schaffer Bros." Little Lucy;
James Hurley's Star of Cuba vs. J. H. Perifro's
Querlta Vincent; F. Mack's Delia M vs. O'Shea
Bros.' Younp America; C. Grau's Martha Wash
ington vs. D. E. Wiley's Buck; J. H. Perigo's
Lady Davenport vs. J. R. Smith's Jennie Syl
vanu»; J. Kefnan's Lundln Links vs. J. Mc-
Enroe's Admiral Sampson; George Sharman's
Bov.-ery Boy vs. T. Kenny's May Boy; Kay
Bros.' Cross Patch vs. Hugh Burke's Night
Time; J. M. Stlllwell's Esmeralda vs. Sterle &
Knowles" Rusty Gold; J. R. Smith's Victor
Queen vs. G. Lennon's Jennie Noys; Connell
Bros.' St. Helen vs. O'Shea Bros.' Golden Rule;
F. Herring's St. Klmo vs. D. Shannon's Safe
Guard; W. C. Glasson's Santonin vs. E. D.
Fallon's Lily of the West; Lowe & Thompson's
Little Fullerton vs. Lowe & Thompson's St.
Oran; W. J. Brownins's Mountain Belle vs.
T. Cooney's Sweet Favordale.
Draw Brings Together a Number of
Hounds Th.at Have Not "Won
Stakes in Pour
Seventy - Two Dogs Will
Course This Saturday
and Sunday.
OPEN STAKE FOB
SAN MATEO PARK
THE SA>' FRANCISCO CALL, FRID N AY, OCTOBER 5, 1900.
11
Fare, San Francisco to Summit and Return.
$140. »
NEW TAVERN OF TAMALPAIS NOW OPEN.
Ticket Offices. 621 Market St.. Sausallto Ferry.
f "^ Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
! M) J|02oKtA8SI1[ Ml. Ksta&llsbed
VlFlS^ 1 ' 1 !«*»* lor the treatment o« Private
jHiK Sgtf Dineuses, l>wt.H»iih.MHt Debility or
ISSSiVCT&a «lM«-a»* ""earing on bodyind miiiaanii
Slcin Dlif'ast'S. l'he'loctf>rcureswh>'ii
otbers lti.\\. l'ry him. Charge* low
>WjGQi| ('nrr>KO»riinlre1. Citllorwrlt^
Or. 4. *-. flBUU-V. ««x l»37.Saa VnaOmc*
BAILROAD TRAVEL.
NORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD.
Via Sausalito Ferry.
Commencing ti«"ptemb«r So. 1300.
FROM SAN FRANCISCO TO MILL VALLEI
AND SAN RAFAEL.
WEEK DATS— «:55. •9:15. U:0O a. to.. n:«3.
3:13. 4:00. 5:15. *6: 15.* 6:40 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS— For Mill Valley an1 San
Rafael, on Mondays. Wednesdays s.ad Sat-
urdays at 9:00 and 11:33 p. m.
S1TNDAYS- *S:0O. 10:00. »ll:«0 a. m.. 1.15.
3:15. »4:45. «:30. 9:00 p. m.
Trains marked <•) run to San Quentin.
FROM SAN RAFAEL to SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— 5:25. »«:30. 7:43. 9:30 a. ro.. .
I *12-3O. 1:43. •J:30. 4:30. 5:20 p. m.
I EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays. Wednesdays
and Saturdays at «:45 and 10:20 p. m.
SCNDAY.S-6:20. *5:C0. »10:00, 11:45 a. m..
•1:40. «3:13. 4:45. ««:30 p. m.
Trains marked (•) start from San Quentin.
FROM MILL VALLEY TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DATS- 8:45. 8:43. 7:55. 9:30 a. m..
1*'35 2 - 10 3:3« 4:54. 5:20 p. m. .
"EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays. Wednesdays
and' Saturdays at 7:10 and 10:2i) p. m.
SUNDAYS— 8:05. 10:03 a. m.. 12:03. 2:13, 3:30.
«:00. «:43 P. kRorGH TRAINS .
6:55 a. m. week days — Cazadero and way sta-
l!«* p. rn. Saturdays— Tomalea and way tta-
8:00 a. m. Sundays— Tomales and way *ia-
tlona. '
Santa Fe
Trains—Daily
Leave Mark«t-str«et Ferry Depot.
Lrt. San Fraactico. 9:00 a m|4:10 p ml S:00 p m
Arr. Stockton 12.30 p m 7:15 p m I1:C5 p o»
" M«rced 2:42 p «u, 1:1S a n»
*• Fresno 4:20 pin 1:05 a n»
" Vinalla 8:00 p m 4:50 am
•* Tnlare 6:22 pm 5:10 a s»
" Hanford 5:33 p m 7:0< a m
M Bakersfleld ... 8:50 p m 7:30 a m
" Denver 13:00 a m "¦
" Kansas City... .5:15 pm
** Chicago 7:40 am
Ii. m. train Is the Overland Express. Corr*-
¦pnndmg train arrives at 6 p. m. daily.
4:10 p. m. U Stockton Local. Correapondlnf
train arrives 11:05 a. m. daily.
8:00 p. m. ls Fresno and Bakersfleld Express,
¦with Sleeping Cars fcr both cities. Correspcnd-
Ir.e train arrives at n a. m. tlaiiy.
OFFICES— «41 Market st. and in Ferrr Depot.
San Francisco: U1S Crindway. Oakland.
CALIFORNIA NDRTRWESTESN BY. CO.
LESSEE
SAN FRANCISCO AND NORTH PACIF13
RAILWAY COMPANY.
Tlfcuron Ferry. Foot of Market St.
BAN FRANCISCO TO SAN RAFAE1*
WEEK DAYS— 7:30. »:C0. 11:00 a. m.; 12:35.
S:W. 8:10. «:M p. m. Thursdays— Extra trip
at 11:10 o. m. Saturdays— Kxtra tries at l^
¦ an<l 11:80 d. m.
BUNDATS— S:CO. 5:30. 11:00 a. m.: 1:30. J:30.
8:00. S:20 d. m.
SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— 6:10. 7:50. 9:20. 11:10 a. m. ; 12:43.
S:40. S:15 p. m. Saturdays — Extra trips at
1:55 and C:35 D. m.
SUNDATS— S:10, 9.40. 11:10 a. m.; 1:40, 3:40.
£:05. 6:25 p. m.
Between San Francisco and Echuetzen Par*
iuu sche-lul* cj above.
Le^T» I In Effect. I Arrive
Ban Francisco. [Apr. 1j. 1?00.1 San Francisco.
Week j Sun- I I Sun- I We«a
Days. I days. | Destination.) days. | Daya.
7:30 8111 S:0Osra| Nova to. 110:40 am! 8:40 am
• :30 pm S:30am| Petaluma. 8:03 pmilO:25 am
, t:li pm 6:00 pro, Santa Rosa.! 7:25 pmj 6:20 pin
Fultsn.
T:30 am Windsor. 10:23 am
Healdsburs.
I Lytton.
Geyservtlle.
1:30 pm 8:C0 am Cloverdale. 7:35 pm »:20 pm
'7:30 ami ! Hopland I 110:23 am -
I 1:30 pml 8:08 ami and Uklah. I 7:35 pm! 8:20 pm
1 t:30 am ~ " 110:25 am
8:00 am Guernevllle. 7:33 pm
i 1:30 pm I «:» PCT
T:30am 8:00 am! Sonoma 9:15 am! S:40 am
' and '.
1:19 pm 8:60 pml Gl»n Ellen. 8:05 pm, «:20 pia
T:30 am! 8:C0 am li:4'i am 10:23 am
>:30 pm| 5:C0 pm Bebaatopol. 7:35 pm| 8:20 pia
States connect at S.nnta Ro«?» for Mark West
Eprlnrs and White Sulphur Springs: at Fulf>n
: for Altruria: at Lytton for Lytton Springs: at
Geyservllle for Ska?E3 Sprir.gs: at Cloverda!*
' for the Gersers: at Hopland for Duncan
Bprln*s. Highland Springs. Kelseyville. Carls-
bad Springs. Soda Bay. Lakeport and Bartlett
Springs; at Cklah for Vichy Sprlnirs. Saratoga
; r-prlnss. Blue Lakes. Laurel Dell Lake. Witter
Prrlnss. Upper Lake. Pomo. Potter Valler,
John Day*». Riverside, Lierley't, Bucknell'a.
Panhedrln Heig-hts. KuHvllle. Orr"s Hot
Springs. Itendoclno City. Fort Brass-. West-
1 port Usal, WiUlts, Laytonvtlle. Cummins.
Bell's Springs, Harris, Olsen's. Dyer, Scotia
and Eureka.
Saturday to Monday rour. «%tr!o tickets at
; reduced rates.
¦ On Sunday round trio tickets to all potnta
i b^vond San Rafael at half rates.'
i Ticket orflce*. 653 Market St.. Chronic!* bldfc «
i H. C. WHITING. R. X. RYAN. f
General Manafer. Oen. Pass. A^ent.
•oiTiirux Mcivifl conrixT.
(PACIFIC SVXTBM.)
Trains l*»i» «n.l nre tin* to nrrlte at
HAS riia.N«:i«<:«>.
f* (llaln Line, Foot »t Mark**. StreeL)
iiati — From October 1. I9C0. — arritb
•TiVOa BenieU. Sulsnn, Elmir*, Vacartlle, ~~
Ramsey *ud a»ei(tiueuto *7:t:»r
•7:00a Sh»nta liiprtss— D»tJ», WiUl»ma(for
Bartlett Springs), Willows. 1UU
Bluff. roit:»i»L.. *7:t5F
*7s3»* Martinez. Swlianiim, Vallejo. X*i>».
5J»U«i'g» an<l -Saiita l:»sa. *«t:l.*>r
•S:AttA D*f ia, Wootliand. Koigbts Landing.
.Marjs»l!!e. wrotiile. •7:l.'ip
•1iOO» Ail:i;iti- Kipress— <igilen and East *l2:l.1p
•8:O«4 Niler, Tricy, L.i;hrop. Stockton *U:I5a
•»>U0« h.»n .l.«i-. i.ittiiiuittr, HImuHmu.
lime. .~>arrainriit<>. r!ic-rti;i- ,
M MiatRW. Ohio. i:«.l Kliiif MilSr
*R:3n.t OakJaK Chinese, Mji.-cr*, Carters... *l:lftp
•0:UO* HajwariU. Mil.mtnd Wsj Hutiont. •! l:l.1«
•U:»o* Lt* Angelea Kxpretn — Martlim.
Tn<;, l4tttir<>i>. .-. ...<t>i:. Mrrct-U
t'rcaiiutmtLcaAcge'ea *?:l-?r
•!h3«»» VallMn. Jlarllurx aixi W i» Station* •.-»: I5f
•I0:UO* Thrt Oftrl-tii \ I.i> i:o«l --P^iv., Den-
»er. (hi,ah». Chlcsip. •«.«»
•IllOftl Mil.i, Htovktoli. .Haucamrtlto. M«il-
dota, Vrt aoo. llauforJ. V1mU».
r.iur»ii> — "iiiar
•II :00a LlTennore. Parger. Gotfc'.o Jiico-
. tiou. Bikf rs ii t>l, Los .Vugeks
•IV:onu IUjwar<ia. Ni!m»i«l \V »y ntaUuui. '2: lip
tlioiir s.i.-r»m.Mi»" l:lT«»Ste»"i«m f.1:O«»
•:i:o»i- H.»>«- lt .N. Nilraan-1 W ir Htntluna. I MU|
•4:'»«r Mnriiurr. Nw K»»i.u.. Vatlvju.
Niipii, r*li«»'ii;n. rtmmMm Km* "»«!»•
•li««M- Iteulcut, Waiters, Naoi»nr«nto (
lV>NMi:.th<l. KnUiiU Uuaiiitf.
M.uiHvi.i... Ooxill* *li>: II4
•l»:i»p M!r«, -an .'..wiunl stnektini Illll
•.VoorTho Owl I.i.!il»«l— Tiary. Wnmno.
lUkma.-;.l. >a.:sn* for *j.«tA Uar-
b.ir». Ia>» AuKcka '10:1.1,
•AiOOr Stockton *l»i*3a
•3t*0pKew Orl'anf Express- Itakenilrl.l.
H*"t.i Iliarkiara. l.iia A»z*-lea. I'imi-
Inic. El Puo. Nsw « .1 !,-»!.« aud
Kaat *7i*.1a
•B:»Op Iliywiud.*, Mies ami .Man JuK •7il»»
t«iO«r Viilk-jo TiJiap
•0:O»i-<Jrieiital Mail-Ogleu. Cliejreone.
Omaha, Chicago *I3:«5p
•«:il«r Orlei.-.nl Matl-i )g lea. Deafer.
Oinati*. (.'Mew. .". '-tatitr
•7too» NUes. Tr»cy, L%throp. 8tockton.... »ia:13p
*7>»Or«ir»ti |> <> »'«l Ctfttntiwi KapfMa^Ha*
MKid.ln. Mar)K>tllf. ItoifcUny,
I'mliuM.I. l'i. K .t MoumI a»il Kaat *"il.lA
t«i».iF Vi!l.|., fork (rtlt »«1 Way .st*.
tl.,,,« tH'«Or
rOAsr DiviNlON (Sarraw Itoagtki
(fnot of M.rkct Street'
•iil.lt Newark. (Viitrrfiilr.lSan.liMo. Fr-ltim.
ftiiiii.lur « 'irrk. Siuii a (Jiuz amt Way
Hlatioiia ••¦«»»
t3>l«P Nawark, Onteriiliv. »an .!..*«. New
AlniailaD, Krltult, l!>ii!.l"r Creek,
SauU Cn» and 1'riucliml Vitj
Station \ 1 <» it » «
•4:l.1p New»rk. M»n Jem*. Lou O»Uw ••»s»»a
fil l:43r HuaUra' Exsnnion. 8an Jose and
' Way St^ttQDB *7raOy
CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
tttmSl* nitZlSO— tut of Harktt Slritl (SI** S)—
•7:15 900 11:00*. M. tl:03 *2:33 13=33
•4::3 JJ:C3 *S;S3r.i«.
rriinUlILlMD — fetl t' Braii 1. » . — <(l ; 0O 8:00 10:00*. M.
tia:C3 -«1:C3 IS:SJ *3::3 ti:S3 -3:C3r.W.
CO AST ItlVISlON (llrOacHiiiiij").
(lhlr»l ;»i ¦* Towrmaml St«i.)
tC>l«« Ocean View, rtontb nan fraucinco.. |H>3«»r
*J:O»» San J.iw aixl "•»y .Stntl>.un tNe»
Afmadar W^lne^Ujiiuiily) *l:3)lp
•9i«O« Haii .liui-, Tres 1'iuiis, Munta Crux,
Paclllc Otwtm, 1'aio KotUts. Han
l.ni* ')l.i«|.<>. «nrf. Looipoc ami
l*H>icl|ial H^jr stall,,,,, Milltf
•IOt«o» Ban .|.,s« ami Way Statinna •«::!.%»
•I I::k»a Man Juf Milt «»- HtattoM *3:»or
fJtl.1l- fii:i Matro, Ur.lwecxl. .Menln Ptrk.
Palo Alto. .Santa Clar». s»n .!•»«.
Tres Picon. Santa Crux, Saliuas.
MoutfTpy simI rMW« Cbrtrva «i»::i>w
t:t>nn r Nan Jim auil Way Htvtlons *7lS**
M:13r SanJn»eaii.l Principal Way MUtiuna *!>:l^t
t"»:o«p S/i:i Joe, Los Gatos tml Principal
Way stations 1!»:Oo»
•'»::top SaiiJoieaii<l I'rineipa! Way .Statinna • t »:X.".»
•ll::il»r San Joaeati.l 1T«j ttUllinn f»:«»«*
all:45r San Jhh-m.I Way SUtlma *7:3Op
A for Morninz I' for Afternoon.
•Dally. t Siimlay excepted. t Sunday only.
(I Saturday oti!j.
DIVIDEXD XOTICES.
JPIVIDEND notice— The Giant Powder Com-
I-acy. Con. A dividend. No. 22. of Keventy-
Uve Centf <7ic) per chare on the Issued
capital etock cf the company has been de-
clared, payable at the office of the company.
4C0 California st.. Pan Francisco, on October
:o. i:<u Transfer books close October 2. 1900.
at soon. A, A. SPARKS, Secretary.
.'^moavoy dt co..
FITNERAL DIRECTORS & EMBALMERS.
1239 Market st., between 8th and 9th.
Telephone South 247.
HENRY J. GALLAGHER CO..
(Successor to Flannagan A Gallagher).
DANIEL P. DONOVAN, Mgr.
FXTNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALMERS.
20 Fifth «.. opposite Lincoln School.
i Telephone South 80.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
LFFjCE— 1118 BROADWAY.
OAKLAND BBAli ESTATE.
A SACRIFICE-?KO0.
;R ACRES. 15 ACHES.
In Prultv*!e; Trcrth tlS.OOO; subdivided Into
lots all arounrl It; fine parden land; Increase In
value ssfured: owner cal'.fd to Mexico; must
eell; offer wanted.
LAYMANCF, REAL ESTATE CO..
4CMC2 Eighth St.. Oakland.
FIRNI?" EI> or unfurnished hoax* of S laree
rooms and fith- sanitary plumbing; lot 50x
rf; cr-Titral location. Apply £33 13th st.. Oakld.
OAKLAVD KlVMTinE FOR SALE.
AN introduction to you from H. Schellhaas, the
turniture c>aier. 11th and Franklin. Oakland.
IIOOMS FOR HOCSRKEEPIXG.
CALIFORNIA. S3£. near Powell — Furnished
t..uvrUcri<ins beautiful rooms; parlors.
OLAY. VOX, near FiUmore— 2 large unfurnished
rooms; upper fiat; yard; m-ater; rear; rent ST.
::LL.I?. i:^7— A nictly furnished front room.
puital>!e for housekeeping; kitchen adjoining.
£34— Sunny housekeeping room;
Jcset, stove, bath; private; J6; or 2 rms J^.
OUOVn. -11. near Van Ness ave.— I sunny front
rooms; furbished for houseke<r'.r.g: private.
HARP.1F.T. 4^-Two larpe Funny furnished
hwisf-keeplng rooms; rheap.
HOWARD. lOiCB— Sunny furnished housekeep-
ing rooms: suites or p'.nsle; reasonable.
»AHK1X, 6C«t-^Laire sunny back bedroom an-1
kitchen, flim.. $11: eurr.y tingle rm., U 50.
MARKET, near F1fth-2 rooms, fumlehed; fold-
ine bed; cas; $10. Particulars 342 Kearny st.
OAK. US— 2 Funny rooms, furnished for heavy
housekeeping-. $10; other rooms cheap.
OAK. 1193, entrance Park— J cr 2 sunny fur-
nished housekeepins rms; kitchen gas stove.
EILVr.n, j*:.. n*ar Fourth— 2 or 3 cheap fur-
nished reorr.s fcr hoti*ekeeplnff.
BUNNY r»-m for housekeeping; terms reason-
able. Ai-i'iy 21S3 Bush st.
¦JTP.K. IK— Two furnished eunny housekeep-
ing rooms- ;ninnir.p; water: closet; no children.
CLARIFIED rflvertlsemer.ts and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. ftOO Fillmorest.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
*uhsrrlptlcn« has been established at 1035
Valencia Et.
ROOMs TO LET — Fnrn. nnd I'nfnrn.
A-BKl'NSWICK House. 14« Sixth— Rooms ZZc
to Jl per clRht; »1 t^ to JS per week, and light
lioustkeepinc; open all night.
A QTIET and respectable home for light house-
keeping' suites fl6 up; bath: telephone. St.
" Jasies. 'McAllister and Laguna sts.
BURNETT^ itiiTMarket <old Xci 13€4>— Fur-
nished rms.. FUltes. eingle: aJso cnfumlshed.
BT'PH ;:4-Fu!TJFhed sunny room?, suits or
single. ::>c per night up; transient. £
i?rPH~Fr» fTlie Elk)— Chanced hands: newly
rrnnvatel r.icply furn. Funny nas., $1 M to $7
we.k; 25c to 1150 night. MRS. P. RANFT.
ELLIS. tZS. cor. Larkin— Sunny furnished room,
<«,,ul>;e folding bed for 2; $1L
yiFTH. S3« — To let. 4 nicely furnished rooms;
cheap.
FOLSOM. SCS, err. frh (The Oliver)— New fur-
nirhfd RBB7 rms. single or suite*; reasonable.
<;nAHT. <~h <The Na\arre> — Elegantly furnished
rtr.t; . ; s;:!!** or sir.ple: travelers accon:nnodatd.
GIlAXn SOUTHERN", southeast corner Seventh
snd Mission sts.— Punny rooms, en suite cr
single: ladies' parlor; readinc-room; elevator.
JfNE?, Sl» — Lnrre sunny front euite and also
EtafflC r~~m newly furnished.
LA.CUKA. 2^21, het. Vnion and Green— Nice
runny frcrt room, trtth cr without board;
rensonable to right party.
LARKIN. '«'. near Ellis— Larve newly fur-
rifhed room«: bath; Finirle or suite; priv. fam.
LAP PALMAS. tS2l Market St.— Suite of 2 or i
ms. ; private; bath; fin. rms.: board optional.
MCALLISTER. 1902— Nicely furnished light
room; rent $6.
NEW ARLINGTON, UBS Market st.— Nicel/
furnished rooms. f2 a week up; S5c a day up.
O'FARRELL. ?*— Punr.y furnishM rooms and
offices: elexator; el"?ctric Iicrhts; day. wk.. mo.
OTARRELL f.r4— Furnished rooms from JT up;
I suite fur I'lg-ht housekeeping.
n«"»f-TPALE Il'-use. T.9 nnd 321 Ellis st— Rooms.
r.ight He to Jl. week fi C5 to M; open night.
I'.OVAL House. 125 EIUe st.— Incandescent light;
rrgiiir^ room, smoking room and ladies' par-
lor; rooms, pf-r nirht. sr^ to U 50; -week. $2 to
*': month, ts to |W; elevator on ground floor;
T'Kims with hot and cold water; baths.
PHF.RMAN At^rtir.Pnt House, 2S EiBhth St.,
near Market— FurnishM or unfurnished.
SIXTH. 13<>— Funny furnished rooms for light
housw-kecpinjz-: also other rooms.
THIRD. 419. cor. Perry— 5 nice ne-wly furnished
sunrv rooms; comer flat; bay-windows.
CLAPPIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Fillmore st.
A BRANCH olfire for Call advertisements and
Fi:bscr:;-ti<-r.s has been established at 1096
Valencia £t.
ROOMS AXD BOARD.
HOARD and rooms at 41» Firs: St.. near Har-
rirrn.
SPECIAL XOTICES.
L"AD tenants ejected for 14: collections made;
c'.ty or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION CO..
413 Montgomery st., rooms 9-10; tel. S5S0.
r.OOMP par-ered from K XA; whitened. Jl up:
pair.tlnc dcre. Hartman Paint Co.. 319 Third.
SEWING 31ACIIXXES AXD SUFPLIBS.
ALL kinds hiupht. sold, rented, exchanired: re-
pairing lowest rates; open even. 2<» Fourth.
BOUGHT, sold, rented, repaired: needles and
shuttles; reduced raws. 145 6th; phone Mint 4j.
ALL kinds b^ujrht. sold and repairing gruaran-
t»ed. Charles r'.arr.heck. 1S15 Mission, nr. 15th.
STORAGE AXD WAREHOUSES.
EEKTNS Van and Storage Co.. *^2 Mission St.;
tel. Main 1S40; shipplr.tr at cut rates.
WILSON BROS.. Etrrape and moving: covered
vans. Tenth and Market; phone South 762.
PACIFIC Ptorasre and Furniture Moving Com-
pany. 2229 Fillmore st. ; rhone Jackson 2S1.
TYPEWRITERS AXD SUPPLIES.
GREAT BARGAINS IN TTPErWTUTERP^\*>
Mtl better machines for less money than any
hoose In the city: rentals. *3. The Typewriter
Eic^htage. C28 California: telephone Main 2W.
ALWAYS bargains Sn typewriters; sny make.
Writ* for prices to L A 51 ALEXANDER,
110 Montgomery st,
NEW typewriters, $5 down. IS month payments.
REVALIC. 4?9 California et.
ASSESSMENT NOTICES.
ASSESSMENT notice— Honolulu Plantation
Company, location ol principal place of busi-
ness. Ban Francisco, California. Notice ls
hereby riven that at a meetlnx ol the board
of directors, held on the 22d day August.
1SC0, an assessment No. 1 of one (jl) dollar
per share was levied upon the capital stock
of the corporation, payable Immediately in
Tnited Ftat*-* gold coin to the secretary at
th«- rfflre of the company. Ko. 327 Market St.,
Sen Francisco. California.
Any stock upon which this assessment shall
rrn-.a!n urpa'.d on the 16th day of October,
1500, will h» delinquent, and advertised fot
rate at pulilic auction, ar.d unless payment
is made before will be tcld on Thursday. th«
Jrt day of November. l»00. to pay the delin-
quent ersessm*nt, together with the costs o!
W&rtrtUtDt »>nil exptnses of eale.
E. H. SHELDON.
fJepretary of Honolulu Plantation Company.
OffW loopted at No. 827 Market et.. Bar
Francisco, California.
AH C ESJ-'MENT cotice— Honolulu Sugar Com-
pany, location of principal place of business,
S: n* Francisco, rulifornla. Notice ls hereb)
riven that at a meeiinK of the board of direc-
torp held on the 22<1 day of August, 1900, ar
F,«r»ssmer.t No. * of nine ($9) dollars pei
share was levied upon the capital stock el
the corporation, payable Immediately lr
T'nited Htatea gold coin to the secretary al
the office cf the company. No. 227 Market St.,
tan KrancUco. California.
Any Clock ur*o-ri which this assessment shai;
it main unpaid on the Sth day of October,
tJCO. tvlll be delinquent, and advertised foi
(-ale at puMic auction, and unless payment ii
made before wilt !*» sold on THURSDAY,
the 25th day of October. 1900. to pay the de-
linquent BEieesment, together with the costi
cf advertising and expenses of eale.
E. H. SHELDON.
Secretary cf Honolulu Sugar Company.
Office located at No. S27 Market «t., fiai
l-'ra nt-lKco. California.
DIED.
Beaver. Annitt C. Mayer, Corlnne A.
Bein. Dorathea Meyer, Joseph L.
Carselen. Vicente Murphy. Thomas P.
CaJ'.aghan. Kllen Nicol. Mrs. Mary A.
Crofton. George J. O B den. Richard L.
Hanify. Mary O'Keefe. John P.
Hearne. Wm. H. J. Oulif, Alexis
Herlihy. Daniel Patton. Mary A.
Klbish". HeJwega Peters. Mary A.
McComb. William H. Scullln. Leo V.
Mathews. Mrs. M. D. Whelan. Peter I.
' 1
BEAVER-In this city, October 4, 1900. Annltt
C beloved wife of Henry Beaver, and mother
of' Wanda and Baby Beaver, a native of Eng-
land. s£ed £S years.
nniN— In this city. October 3, 1900. Dorathea.
relict of the late Phillip Bein. beloved mother
of Louis P. Bein, and sitter of Mrs. C, H.
Werner and Caspar Becker, a native of Ger-
many, aged 6i years. <!san Jose papers please
copy.)
IT?"Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the services this (Frl-
•iay) ev<?nin?. at S o'clock.. at the residence of
her sister. Mrs. C. H. Werner. 22 Capp street,
between Fifteenth and Sixteenth. Interment
at Oak Hill Cemetery. San Jose.
CALLAGHAX-In this city. October 3. 1900.
Ellen, beloved wife of the late Patrick Cal-
laghan, and aunt of Thomas Gibson, a native
of County Westmeath, Ireland.
C7"Friends and -acquaintances are respect-
fully invitrd to attend the funeral this day
(Friday), at S:30 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence. :r-i" Seventeenth street, thence to Mis-
sion Dolores Church, where a requiem high
mass will be celebrated for the repose of her
soul. cemmeneir.K at 3 o'clock. Interment
Mount Calvary Cemetery.
CARSELEN— In the City and County Hospital,
October 3, 11-00, Vicente Carselen. a native of
Peru.
CROFTON— In this city. October 3. 1900. George
J. Crofton. a native of Dublin. Ireland, aped
75 j-ears.
C^Remains are at the parlors of J. C.
O'Connor & Co., 767 , Mission etreet. Notice
of funeral hereafter.
HANIFY— In this city, October 3. 1900, Mary,
beloved wife of the late Michael Hanify. and
mother of Mary and Kitty Hanify and Mrs.
\V. H. Morrison, a native of County Galway?
Ireland, aped 63 years 11 months and 19 days:
E7"The funeral will tak« place this day
(Friday), at *:3n o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 200 Franklin street, thence to St.
Mary's Cathedral, where a Iff* requiem mass
will be celebrated for the re»/ose of her soul,
commencing at 9 o'clock. Interment private.
Mount Calvary Cemetery.
HEAR.NE— In this city. October 3. 1900. Wil-
liam H. J., dearly beloved son of William and
Mary Hearne, and brother of Frank P.
Hearne, a native of Moores Flat. Nevada
County, Cal., aged 27 years 2 months and 24
days. <New York and Portland, Me., papers
j!f>ase copy.) ,
C7Frienrls and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Saturday), at 1 o'clock, from the residence
of his parents, 2124 Howard street, thence to
St. Charles Church for services. Interment
Holy Cross Ceraeteiy. Please omit flowers.
HERLIHY— In Vallejo. October 4. 1300. Daniel.
beloved husband of Ellen Herllhy, father of
Fannie. Kate tni Eddie Herlihy. and brother
of Mrs P Bi-osnahan of Vallejo. Mrs. W. M.
Morgan and V. C- Herlihy of Francisco,
a native of Ireland, aged 36 years.
ETKottbe of funeral hereafter.
KIB1PH— In this city. October 4. 1900. Hed-
wt-Ka Klizabeth, dearly beloved daughter of
Frank and Luzina Kibish. and sister of Con-
etanc* Kibish, a native of Crescent City, aped
1 month and 27 days.
McCOMB— In Pubortino. Santa Clara County.
October 4, 1900. William Henry, beloved son
of Jamw H. McComb. and brother of Ella,
Belle Frank and Walter J. McComb. a na-
tive of Hanta Clara County. Cal.. aged 2S
year? 11 months and 22 days.
inTFrifti'ls and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Saturday) at 9 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence at Pubertlno, thence to St. Clare's
Church. Santa Clara.
MATHEWP— Friends are respectfully invited
to be present, at the month's mind requiem
nias=s to be CTTered for the repose of the soul
of the late Mrs. M. D. Mathews in St. Co-
lumb.i's Church. Golden Gate, to-morrow
(Saturday), at 10 o'clock.
MAYER— In this city, October 2. 1900. Corlnne
A dearly beloved and only daughter of Fred
an'i May" Mayer, a native of Oakland, aged 9
years and 2 months.
tTTrif-nds and acquaintances are respect
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
«Krlday) at 1:30 o'clock, from the residence
of her mother, 165 Ninth street, between Mis-
sion and Howard. Interment Cypress Lawn
Cemetery.
MEYER— In this city, October 3. 1900. Joseph
L Meyer, beloved husband of Mathilde Meyer,
a native of France, aged 49 years and 8
months.
C^Frle-nds and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Friday) at 2 o'clock, from the parlors of
J P Godeau. 305 Montcomery avenue. In-
terir.ent Laurel Hill Cemetery.
MfliPHT-In the City and County Hospital,
October 4. 1SO0. Thomas P. Murphy, a native
of Ireland.
VICOL— In Oakland. October 4. 1900. at 342
" Adeline street. Mrs. Mary A. Nicol. beloved
mother of Iscbell Nicol. Mrs. Emily G. Mc-
Williams and Christina, Charles XV. and Lot-
tie Nicol, a native of England, aged 55 years
6 months and 17 day?.
OG»r.\"-In this city. October 3, 1900, Richard
L beloved husband of Isabel P. Osden. and
father of Mrs. R. H. Pease and Mrs. S. L.
Abbott Jr. (New York papers Pjease copy^
iTT'Services will be held this day (Fri-
day), at 2 o'clock, at 2600 Pacific avenue. In-
termVnt ;;rlvate.
O'KEEFE— In this city, October 2. 1900. John
P tt loved husband of the late Annie
O'keefe and devoted father of John, Mar-
garet and Annie O'Keefe and Mrs. J. Yowel
of *=an Jose, a native of County Cork. Ire-
land aged 56 years. A member of Golden
Wef=t Lodge No. 264, A. O. U. XV.
err Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Fridav), at 9:30 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence 114 W«t Mission street, thence to St.
Joseph's Church, where a requiem high mass
will be celebrated for the repose of his soul
at 10 o f clock. Interment Holy Cross Ceme-
OULIF-In this clt/. October 3, 1800. Alexis,
beloved husband of Blanche Oullf. and father
of Mrs. I. W. Caro, a native of France, aged
70 years.
PETEKS-In this city, October 4, 1900, Mary
Annie, beloved wlf« of John Peters, a native
of Chile, aged 25 years. ;-,- ¦•'¦-«•
C7nemaln« at the mortuary chapel of the
Golden Gate Undertaking Company. 2429 Mis-
sion street, near Twenty-first. Funeral notice
hereafter.
PATTON— There will be «n anniversary re-
«U!iem ma»s for the r<*pose of the soul of
Mary A. Patton at Pt. Joseph's Church.
TfiHh street, to-morrow (Saturday), at 9
Friends and acquaintances are re-
fcectfully Invited to attend.
SCITLLIN— In this city. October 4. WOO, at the
residence of his parents, 39 Ecker street, off
Fr.lsom, between First and Second, Leo Vin-
! cent, beloved son of "Daniel and Margaret
Fouliln. and brother of Agnes, John and
I Charles Kcullln, a native of San Francisco,
«5P<1 i months and 27 days.
WIIELAN— In this city. October 3. 1900, Peter
I., beloved son of Susan and the late John
\Vh*lan. and brother of Madfe, John and
| Carrie Whelan, a native of San Francisco,
i aged 2." years.
C7Fri*nds and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend th« funeral this day
(Friday), at 9:30 o'clock, from his late resN
dence, 1516 Eddy street, thence to Holy Cross
Church, Eddy street, near Scott, where a
solemn requiem hlph mass will be celebrated
for the repose of his soul, commencing at 10
o'clock. Interment Mount Calvary Cemetery.
MARRIED.
BR0WN-4:XVERZAGT— In this city, October
3, 1300, by the Ilev. J. M. Buehler. Turin
Brown and Carrie Unverzagt.
BIRTHS— MAERIAGES— DEATHS.
Birth, marriage and death notices sent by
mall will not be inserted. They must be handed
in at either of the publication offices and be
indorsed with the name and residence of per-
sons authorized to have the same published.
BORN.
JOHNSON— In this city, September 30, 1900, to
the wi'e cf E. T. Johnson, a daughter.
MAERIAGE LICENSEE.
The following marriage licenses were issued
yesterday:
Mariano Ixibue. 23, 337 Union street, and Con-
cettina Hancadore, IS. 17 Varennes etreet.
Robert Roberts. 40. 106>t Third Btreet. and
Jane E. Evans. 43. 10CH Third street.
G«>rgiuji Gulllkscn. SS. city, and Gusta
Daviduwi. 24. Toenfberg. Norway.
Carmplo Cirimele, 2j. 437 Green street, and
Maria Bablno, 18. 1217»/i Kearny etreet.
Peter Daniel, 32, £17 Larkin street, and Hat-
t'o Borodlnsky. H, €27 Larkin street.
Cliarles J. Btewart. 31. 3203 I'nion street, and
May K. Hes«sler. 23. 1250 Union street.
Frank \V. Auht, Ti. 1100 Fillmore Etreet, ana
Henrietta M. Ueck?r. 19. iZS Killmcre etreet.
Ksr.s J^nren, S4, 609 Jonen street, and Meta
Johnson. 27. 609 Jones Fti-eet.
\W<1»n P. ivmeherty. 26. Los Angeles, and
K'Jth K. C'liayman. 20. Pasadena.
Jarqurs IJarou. 27, ir.14 Polk street, and Marie
Bpl^cJer, 22, 1207^ Goldm Gate avenue.
Gcorpe J. Her-nett, 41. f.29 Mission Etreet. and
Mary H. McCarthy. 37. S39 Mission street.
Jospph Levitt. 30. 6 Kldrldge street, and Re-
txKca A?hor. 23. 11 Eldridee street.
SULTLBOAD TBAVZL.
MOUNT TAMALPAIS RAILWAY
; leaves San Francisco, via Sausa|lto Ferry:
I WEEK DAYS 9:15 a. m.; 1:43 and 4:00 p. m.
SUNDAYS 8:00. 10:00. 11:30 and 1:15 p. m.
o'clock
Sunday Call
OCTOBER 7. 1900.
How 0. E. Smith Drove His Engine
Through Miles of Flame and Smoke
to Save a Burning Bridge
— — — —— —^— — i—^ _^_^ -~___
The World's Greatest As- Shipping Horses to China
tronomer a San Fran- For the Emperor of
dsco Girl. Germany.
The Most Magnificent Daily Life in FarAway s
Stable in the World. Tahiti.
II
How to Beautify a Room And a Host of Other
With Home-Made '/:¦ Stories, All of Great
Furnishings. Human Interest.Utilities Committee Favors First and Fifth
Street Electric Lines — Lights for
Sunnyside.
TWO FRANCHISES
WILL BE GRANTED
MUCH excitement was created on
Stevenson street . yesterday
afternoon by the report of a
pistol fired by Thomas Fitz
gibbons, an aged man, at a
group of young boys ranging in age from
six to twelve years. The old man said tho
boys were annoying him. The bullet
struck a curbstone and glanced to the
brick wall of a building. It narrowly
missed the objects at which it was fired.
No arrests were made.
Shortly after 2 o'clock yesterday after
noon a number of boys congregated on
Stevenson street and commenced t to play.
They made considerable racket, but claim
they did not attempt to annoy any par
ticular person. The boys were suddenly
startled by a shot and a bullet struck
the pavement a few feet away from them.
Looking up they say they beheld Thomas
Fitzgibbons in a window of a building at
275 Stevenson street with a smoking re
volver, in his hand. He put the weapon
quickly away and went on smoking his
pipe. Among the boys who were wit
nesses to the affair were George and Her
bert Jones of 251V4 Stevenson street, Willie
and Joe Smith of 26S Stevenson street and
Henry Williamson of 2S3 Stevenson street.
All are under ten years of age.
Soon a crowd, attracted by the shot,
gathered and an investigation commenced.
Fltzgibbons says the boys have been in
the habit of annoying him and admits
that on several occasions he has poured
water on them, but he denies that he
fired the shot. The lads, however, cling
to their story that they saw the smoking
revolver in his hand.
traveled about the country after robbing
his brother and. finally came to this city,
arriving here about a week ago. After
spending his ill-gotten gains he brooded
over the robbery and decided to surrender
himself to the police.
. He saw Policeman McEntee on Market
street and after following him for some
time mustered up sufficient courage to
speak to him. After Travers had told his
story McEntee took him to Captain Sey
mour's office, where he was subjected to
a rigid cross-examination. Beyond saying
that he had robbed his brother and was
remorseful he was extremely reticent.
After ordering him locked up in the tanks
the head of the detective department sent
a telegram to the Chief of Police of New
York announcing the arrest of Travers
and asking for further particulars about
his crime. Up to a late hour last night
no answer had been received to the tel
egram.
"I robbed my brother of $1000 last July
and as the money is now gone I want to
surrender myself, hoping that I may be
given a chance to atone for my crime."
Thus spoke a tall, well-dressed young
man as he accosted Police Officer McEn
tee at the corner of Fourth and Market
streets yesterday afternoon.
"I tried to negotiate a loan from him,"
continued the stranger, "and when he re
fused I entered his office and stole the
contents of his cash drawer. I am sorry
I did it."
The stranger gave his name as Frank
W. Travers, and claimed that he arrived
here from New York some time ago. His
brother, he says, is D. R. Travers, who
has an office at 41 Park Row, Xew York
City.
According to the story Frank Travers
told to Captain of Detectives Seymour hy
Frank W. Travers Says He Stole $1000
From His Relative in New York.
REMORSE DRIVES YOUNG MAN
TO ADMIT ROBBING BROTHER
Fell Into. the Bay.
Robert Sutherland, a recent arrival from
Swim at the Crystal Baths.
~ Recommended by physicians. . Water always
clean and warm. Tub department best In dty.«
. Ralph Harris, residing at 1910% .- Powell
street, had his leg broken yesterday by
falling downstairs at Sixteenth and Va
lencia streets. The limb was set at the
Receiving Hospital, after which the in
jured man was taken to his home.
His Leg Broken in Fall.
Next Sunday morning at' the 10:30 mass
Rev. Father Mahony will deliver a ser
mon on the gospel of the day. In the
evening Rev. Father Woods will begin a
course of spiritual pilgrimages. The first
of the course will he to the "Holy House
of Loretto."-'
There will be the usual all-day exposi
tion of the blessed sacrament to-day in
St. Ignatius Church, It being the first Fri
day of the month. This evening at 7:30,
after the rosary, there will 'be a sermon
and the Channing League devotions, with
benediction of the blessed sacrament.
At St. Ignatius Church.
John Riley, clerk for Zick Abrams, was
found guilty by a jury in Judge Cabanlss*
court yesterday of selling a pool on the
Hanrihan-West fight, which took place in
New York on June IS. The jury was out
about three-quarters of an hour. Riley
will be sentenced to-day.
Convicted of Poolselling.
This favorite steamer, under command of
Captain Lawless, will sailfor Papeete No\-em
ber 1st. Hithprto these charming Islands of the
South Seas have been reached by sailing vessels,
requiring 30 to 40 days, but the time of new
steamship service will be 10% days, j Aak for
particulars of the low excursion rate at 643
Market street. •
The Australia for Tahiti.
NEWARK Ohio Oct. 4.— Oscar Gardner
of Wheeling, and Eddie Lenny of Phila
delphia." fought twenty rounds here to
night. ¦ Both . men finished strong, but
Gardner clearly outpointed Lenny and
was awarded the decision.
Gardner Outpoints Lenny.
CHICAGO, Oct. 4.— With the open golf
championship of the United States half
over at the links of the Chicago Golf
Club at "Wheaton, Harry Vardon. former
champion of Great Britain, leads his prin
cipal-; rival, Champion J. H. Taylor, by
one stroke. Vardon negotiated the thirty
six holes in 157 strokes.
Very Close Contest.
KANSAS CITY. Oct. 4.— Jack Root of
Chicago. knocked out Dan Creedon of Aus
tralia in one round at Convention Hall
to-night, in the presence of 5000 spectators.
The tight lasted two minutes and thirty
four seconds. Root landed a hard right
swing on- the jaw, flooring Creedon and
ending the fight. Creedon outweighed his
opponent twenty pounds, but at no time
was he: ab!e- to land , a damaging blow.
Root was the aggressor from the start,
hitting- the Australian at -will.' Root es
caped'Without a scratch. Creedon strug
gled to his feet after the ten had been
counted/ but it was a minute before he
recovered j his senses.
Fast Round.
Root Finished the Australian in One
CREEDON KNOCKED OUT.
The committee appointed to wait upon
Mr. Vinlng relative to changing the Cali
fornia steam road into an electric line
could not report, as. the secretary bad re
ceived a letter from-Mr. Vlnlng sugges'injr
that while he favored the project the com
mittee wait until President H. E. Hunt
ington returns to the city.
; At Wednesday evening's meeting D. L.
Fitzgerald, chairman of the committee on
testimonial, stated that' on behalf of the,
club he had a pleasant duty to perform
and in appropriate words presented to Mr
Fletchtr a magnificent mahogany book
case containing the works of Sir "Walter
Scott complete.
Mr. Fletcher. In replying to the pre
sentation speech, thanked • the members
sincerely, stating that he did not have
words at his command to express his real
feelings.
At the semi-annual meeting of the Point
Lobos Improvement Club held a few
months ago Mr. Fletcher urged that by
reason of the great amount of business
en his hands he could servo no longer as
president of the club. The members, act-
Ing upen this decision, elected a new chair
man, A. K. Cushing, and appointed a com
mittee of thtee, consisting of D. L. Fitz
gerald, J. M. Wtlklns and J. J. Cassldy,
to present to Mr. Fletcher some testimo
nial to express the esteem the members
of the club" held for their retiring chair
man. .
President.
a Presentation to Its Former
FLETCHER'S SERVICES
WERE APPRECIATED
Point Lobos Improvement Club Make
The circumstances of the collision which
occurred at 6 o'clock last Tuesday morn-
Ing between the ferry steamer Berkeley
and the steamship Columbia were investi
gated yesterday by Captains Holies and
Bulger, United States Inspectors of local
and foreign steam vessels.
P. A. Doran, master of the steamship
Columbia, made the 'following written
statement to the inspectors:
"I came along the wharves In the usual
manner, giving them a berth of 300 yards,
and slowed at Vallejo-street wharf; tide
about high water (slack), moderate south
east breeze, weather clear and bay
smooth. When abreast of Jackson-street
wharf the ferry boat Berkeley blowed a
long whistle on leaving the slip at Mar
ket street and immediately after gave
one short blast, Indicating our. course to
starboard. I answered with one whistle
and ordered the helm aport and immedi
ately after hard aport. The Berkeley a
little later seemed to lose her headway,
her stern swinging to port, and I then
rang the Indicator 'full speed astern,' and
in about thirty to forty-live seconds later
the ¦ Berkeley struck our bow with her
port quarter, tearing away about eight
feet or the hull, two frames and four or
five plates, all above the water line. The
headway of the Columbia was practically
stopped at the time of the collision."
C. H. Blaker, master of i the Berkeley,
gave the following account: - •
- "I gave the signal to go to the right,
which was answered by him, but he seem
ed to come right. along,' and struck us on
the after port quarter bow, inflicting dam
age as yet unknown." ... ,.
James McLane, mate of the Berkeley,
testified that the Columbia struck the
ferry boat at richt angles. After the
Berkeley had obtained the right of way
by blowing a whistle first Mate McLane
remarked to the captain that "it was a
mighty close shave." If the Berkeley had
been going at her regular speed she would
have passed clear of the Columbia, he
said.
Other witnesses testified that the Berke
ley aXter whistling gave a slow bell for
fifteen seconds, then a full- speed bell and
then a slow bell again.
The investigation will be resumed at 1
o'clock this afternoon. •
How Steamship Columbia
and the Berkeley Came
Together.
Masters of Ships File Reports, and,
of Course, Disagree as to Who
Is to Blame for the
Disaster.
WITNESSES TELL
OF BAY COLLISION
This Is plainly an attempt to secure restora
tion to the union by mandamus on the allega
tion that the proceedings against him (Silvas)
were ¦ lrreeular and illegal. Even though this
allegation was true the defense that he failed
to api>eal to the national organization is good.
His , action In Invoking the aid of the court
before exhausting the remedies within the or
ganization .is premature. The constitution of
the organization provides for an appeal to a
board empowered to ¦ right any- wrongs that
may be committed by the union. This pro
cedure should have been followed by the peti
tioner. Judgment will be entered for the de
fendant.
JuOge Murasky handed down a decision
yesterday denying R. A. Silvas' petition
for a writ of mandate to compel Paper
hangers' Union Local No. 131 to restore
him to standing in that organization.
Some time ago Sllvaa" was dismissed
from the Paper-hangers' Union on com
plaint of the Musicians' Mutual Protec
tive Association. This organization al
leged that Silvas was a member of the
Pacific Coast Musicians' Union, which, it
was claimed by the Musicians' Mutual
Protective Association, is not in fact a
union organization and is a union only in
name. Silvas was placed on trial before
the Paper-hangers' Union. Ho was found
guilty of the charge preferred by the
Musicians' Association and was dismissed
by the Paper-hangers.
He immediately tiled a petition for a
writ of mandate to compel the union to
reinstate him. In defense the Paper
hangers' Union alleged that If Silvas had
a grievance against the local union he
had a. remedy by appeal to the national
organization. Evidence was taken and
the matter was submitted to the court
on briefs.
In his decision Judge Murasky, In part,
says: , ....-...' :;-.-,¦." .
Holds That He Sued Prematurely, as
He Had Not Taken Appeal
to the Organization
Board.
Judge Murasky Denies Him
a Writ to Compel His
Reinstatement.
PAPER-HANGERS
DEFEAT SILVAS
For the Galveston Fund.
Subscriptions amounting to more than
$400 were received yesterday by the State
Relief Committee from various sources
for the Galveston relief fund as follows:
Bank of California, treasurer-
George D. Balrd t\ 00
Edmund Baker lgM
N. B. K .........; SO
Mrs. A. V. Burke 5 00
B. R. X j 50
H. K. Cormlsh ""!!!! 1 CC
California Council. National Union 10 00
«• t, 100
Committee on Bags and Bagging—
Neville & Co go 00
Comvnlttee on Machinery and Iron
Works—
Pacific Tool Company 60 00
Committee on Corporations-
Officers and employes of the Hibernia
nla Savings and Loan Society:
J. Philip Amos 250
J. H. Balney ".. m
K- «»« 2 50
£• B> ' r J e 2 5°
C. J. Barry 2 50
P. Cleary 2 50
Frank Commins 5 00
R. V. Curtis jso
J. E. Uyrne 1 00
J. Dwyer 3 00
J. A. Farrelly 10 00
James G. Geary • 50
G. M. Muccall 2 50
B. J. Hyland 2 50
W. J. Kane .".. 2 50
Robert P. Kavanagh 2 50
George J. Knox 2 50
C. de Lachase 150
W. R. Christy (second contribution).... 2 50
N. D. Ladd 2 50
Charles J. McGIynn 5 00
C. W. Collins- 2 50
P. F. MeCormlck 2 50
Charles Murray 2 51
AV. J. O'Connell 2 60
R. C. Corai) 5 00
Joseph D. Kegan 2 50
P. C. Raborg 250
R. A. St. John 500
M. E. Tobin 2 60
E. B. Thomas • 50
John Ward 5 0O
J. E. White 1 00
AV". E. Williams 5 CO
D J. Buckley 10 00
Charles Mayo' - lu O)
P. Crowley 10 00
Cash 20 00
E. J. Tobln ID 00
James R. Kelly 10 00
P. Ryan 250
John Purcell 250
A. J. Byrne „. 2 50
I">. M. Stanley 2 50
Jf.mes Dillon 1 no
Depositor of Hibernia Bank 10 00
J. Kayse 2 00
John Parey 1 00
Frances II. Jones 1 00
Ferdinand Roesli 1 00
Willie Dale 50
Caroline Hasenbalg 50
J. J. Frauenkrow 1 CO
A. K. Wetness 1 GO
August Seaman 1 CO
Other subscriptions..
Citizens of Napa, Cal 8 50
George Williams 2 00
George A. Aldrlch 100
Red Cross subscriptions —
From combined lodges of Burnaby
and Pickwick. Sons of St. George
and Britannia Lodge, Daughters of
St. George 44 00
J. D. Murphy. Larkspur 1 00
M. K. G BOO
Received by Mayor Phelan —
Mary Sherwood and Bessie Valleau of
Alameda 9 CO
Total $403 50
Previously acknowledged 33.018 97
Total to date 133,43 47
Riverside, fell off Folsom street wharf
Into the bay last night. He was .fished
out and sent to the Harbor Hospital,
where he was pumped out. Eighty-five
dollars In coin and a note lor $1200 were
found In his pockets. Sutherland was
wa P , rlne alon K the wharves while drunk
and losing his balance fell overboard.
Abe Atteil took Joe Hill's measure in
clever fashion. Atteil was stronger and
had a stitfer punch. He was, However,
unable to admisister the coup de grace
to his plucky antagonist. The bout went
the limit and the judges awarded Atteil
the palms of victory.
"Billy" O'Nell and Charles Anderson
were next in the padded riner. Both lads
fought hard and fast for four rounds to a
draw. The fighters were willing to quit
at any stage of the game, but tought on
amid the encouraging shouts • of those
seated at the ringside.
"Billy" Thcmas and "Jim" Ryan, alias
Abie's Brother, hove on the scene and did
some ground and lofty tumbling which
aroused much laughter. Abie's Brother
lacked science, punching power and al
most every requisite that would lit him
for a ring career, and the referee stopped
the farce before the third round was half
over. Thomas was Ryan's superior in
every way.
Jim Reed and John Brown fought a
ludicrous and bloody battle. Brown being
awarded a decision after four rounds were
fought. Ed Devlin sent "Billy" Ast Into
dreamland a half minute after the. gong
sounded the signal for the beginning or
hostilities. D. J. Gilmore and Charles
Taylor knocked each other down in the
first round and in the second. After some
heavy lighting Taylor sent Gilmore to the
lioor, where he remained until after, he
was' cojnted out.
The event of the evening was a four
round bout between Willie Granfleld, alias
"Bert Fisher," and Jack Porter. Gran
field wen In the last round by sending ter
rific punches into Porter's solar plexus.
The battle was waged from gong to gong
and was as clever as has been seen at the
local club. Porter could not get past
Granfield's 'terrible left and succumbed to
the punishment.
The first bout was between Eddy Bry
ant and John Scott. Eddy won the bout
after some hard fighting, but was nearly
sent to dreamland because he shot furtive
glances at the entrance of the club. It
was afterward learned that Eddy expect
ed his mother, and he feared her more
than he did his active anu more heavily
muscled opponent.
Gore flowed In quantity last night at the
San Francisco Athletic Club. Gritty
youngsters battled for trophies before a
crowd which filled every Inch of the
Club's gymnasium. Eight bouts were
presented for the enjoyment of those in
attendance, and of this number three
were knockouts, two were stopped by the
humane referee, one was declared a draw
after the fiercest kind of righting and
two were decided by the judges, Tommy
Kyan and Frank McConnell. Office-seek
ers sparred- for votes, but no decisions
were rendered by the populace. Dr. C. C.
O'Donnell accepted the call to act as ref
eree and did so to the dissatisfaction of
the ilgnt-goers. Julius Kahn and K. Porter
Ashe were chosen judges, but fortunately
for them they were not called upon to ren
der a decision.
Knockouts and Plenty of Gore Satis
fied the Old Ring-Goers — Office-
Seekers Sparred for
Votes.
Fast and Clever Fights at
the San Francisco Ath
letic Club.
YOUTHS BATTLED
FOR SUPREMACY
THE SAN 'FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, OCTOBER 5, 1900.
An Old Man Accused of Firing at Some
Children Who Were Standing Near
His Window.
SENT SHOT INTO
CROWD OF BOYS
THE OLD MAN ACCUSED OP FIRING A SHOT AT SOME BOYS STAND
ING NEAR HIS WINDOW AND THE SCENE OF THE PECULIAR AS
SAULT ON THE CHILDREN.
Chairman Reed contended that accord
ing to the terms of the charter the fran
chise on First street had not been for-
Commissioner Maguire cf the Board of
Pubiic Works held that the franchise had
lapsed because the road had not been used
and work had not been commenced in
accordance with the charter.
"A new franchise," said Mr. Troy,
"must be granted, subject to charter pro
visions. The Market-street Company uses
the poorest rails arid should be compelled
to use the Berlin rail. The poles should
be procured In this city. Modern appli
ances do not mean trolley wires, which
are the cheapest moans of propulsion."
K. P. K. Troy said that the lUchmond
Improvement Association contended that
the old franchise on First streel had been
forfeited, as the road had not been run
nir.g for two years.
The Suporvir-ors* Public Utilities Com
mittee reported last night in favor of the
linal passage of the ordinances granting
the klarket-«treet Company the right to
operate electric roads on First and Fifth
streors. The committee, in response to
improvement club petitions, win make an
ir.fiejHMideri investigation of the feasibil
ity of using the Berlin or flat rail in the
future construction of car lines in this
city. Several representatives of various
improvement clubs. including the
Federation of Mission Improvement
Clubs, Public Central Improvement
Club, Richmond District Improve
ment Club and North Central Improve
ment Club, addressed the committee for
and against the proposed franchise.
Henderson asked that the street railway
company be required to have poles made
in rhis citv and alro to use the flat rail.
J. T. Burke, attorney for the company,
that the present running gear of the
car-5 was not suitable for the flat rail and
the v.heels would have to be replaced.
All the material was already purchased
and was now on the grround. Burke snid
that if the beard should insist on an un
derground system the franchise would
have to be abandoned on account of the
great expense.
The Sunnys-ide district will be provided
with six electric lights to-day. President
Crockett of the San Francitco Gas and
Electric Company agreed to put up six
poles at a cort of $000, the city to pay $100
of the expense. G. Schnee. president of
the Sunnyside District Improvement Club,
strongly urged the installation of the
lights. >"-— " ;
McCarthy said be would introduce a
resolution ordering the company to pave
sue;, streets, the list of which will be fur
nished by Henderson.
Supervisor McCarthy drew from Troy
that his club did not oppose the granting
of the franchise, but that it wanted the
corr.par.y to pay 2 per cent of its gross
rocciptf. to the city.
M. Henderson of the Public Central Im
provement Club thought it a good oppor
tunity to insist that the Markef-stroet
company be made to pave the streets on
which it had abandoned tracks.
felted, as the company had In good faith
commenced the exercise of its privilege
within six months after the charter took
effect. He areued that the opposition of
city officials to the work and the reso
lution ordering operations to be stopped
would prevent the forfeiture of the fran
chise.
12
3 Premiums F r pp
AMERICAN STOVE GO,,
1037 MARKET ST., S. F.
WE OPEN SATURDAY, OCT. 6.
SPECIALS
FOR OUR OPENING WEEK !
No. 7 RANGE, usual price $ ij. 50
— our opening week Q|Q rf%
special ; OlZiOU
2 BURNER GAS STOVE, with
tubing — our opening DJ Qrt
week special UliUli
BEST $6 O:L HEATER in town—
our opening week &A fr
special O4i/0
AMERlCANlTOVE CO.,
1037 MARKET STREET.
Ladles' tailor-made . »ults. silk skirts, fur
capes; liberal credit. M. Rothschild. 528 Sutter. •
Market gardeners protect their fruit by
a live wire laid alone the top of their
Trails or fences.
CAFE HQYAL &&4
Sc. Overcoats and
valises checked tra*
See Gibson's new stock of Fall and Winter
Underwear. Hosiery. Low prices. 1204 Market. •
AIIKBA S« un .S ers '~ Equipments.
B "8 ImSV J-Jshlnp Tackle. Athlet-
1 1 1 I Hti X £ , c ' oods .^ etc. Bedrock
%0 %m 1 H "W Rloprue. GEO \V
SHREVE. 73» Market stl
Windsor Hotel, centrally located. 905 Market,
cor. Fifth; $1 50 day up: rms. 50c up. European.*
DR.MCNULTY.
I^nia yv-KLL-Kxow-v and rfxiable old
Spwiallstwrt Blood Poison. (ionorrbcBa.GlPf t.
». i o^T* Impotence and tbelr
allied Disorders. Hook on Disp.i.vs of Met" free
!>toSrtal!y:«:«to-S.30eV|:^.Sunda.T>«.10tol3.Con!JuTl
tatlonfreeand sacredly confidential. Call or address
p. noscoE jirxrtTY. ai. d.
gC^KearnyMt., Han Fran«iacn,C?L
f^^f^T^^^ f| Our $5.03 Platss
\*&X&-*&*^ 815% GEARY STREET
Between Hyde and Larkln.
Telephone Polk 1135.
PALACE AND
GRAND HOTELS
The b«i!t «Tldenee of the popularity of
these hotels can be found in the continued
patronage of those who on some previous
occasion have made them their head-
Quarters when visiting San Francisco.
Connected by a covered passageway and
operated under one management on the
American and European plan.
WITH
Teas, Coffees,
Spices, Extracts,
Soda, Baking Powder
Good Time and Place to Boy
Come Just to See
Great Araerican ImDorfincTea Co.
*2t0 "Grant aw., bet. Sutter and Post t*t '
861" Market St.. opd. Powell.
52 Market St.. Junction California.
OUR BRANCH STORES EVERYWHERE.
DR. MEYERS & CO.
agtf jj&\ i^g. Established
rck 4®gJ Most Extensiva
j^i |||k|7 Consultation
>}tt\'* -* San Francisco.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
5§ft A $1.50 Ladies' or Gents' To One Good Article Advertised mm
Wm, Lmbrella for 75c. We Hsve Hundreds of Others. t^SSl
W§a®& That's the Way Joe Rosenberg Sells /3K\ O ne article is the new Jllla
lipr -"» black, paragon f $2 25
afc*^ frame, steel rod. natural wood nan- m J s L , ... - . ii
• ' . , tcc And many others lower or higher priced. *j
j die, German Silver trimmed . . /O v Sate at second floor O'Farrefl-st. entrance. u
Have You Seen the Self- Rosenberg's Prices Are It Means Money in Your!
Opening and Closing Always the Lowest. Pocket. |
j UMBRELLA? You may '""""^T" Sm> 1
i It opens and closes by mere- >WJ^^T* think we are t-fC^^fF^fpy^ 8
I ly touching a spring on the -^£-3G§e§l J talking t _ mts^ % ~ .. jj
I handle. They are made of when we say S§g*A chilcfren^fas!!
*i last black mercerized twill- we are selling s^'flMfrS^o ui i tj 1
I cloth, the most serviceable an $5 llk 4*]§m™&\ l u i u i I
I cloth manufactured; steel rod. Moreen Skirt for $4.98, but ( Mj|f^' to° dk- !' I
I paragon frame, natural wood we are, nevertheless. It is made ° e f an .7^ C j' 1
I handle. The patent frame is of very best Silk Moreen, ss nb ° ed » |
1 worth more than we ask for coming in all the new Roman p- nivt -._ « rt+f ™ a V ° r I
1 the Umbrella comnletp For stri P ed effects ' with a ™-'™ h S^da- f eruvi^ n cotton, bizes from g
I J!"r umDrelI a complete tor at ing rccordeon-pleated flounce, with 6 to otf. .Wholesale price for I
B rnday and Saturday. . .$1.50 extra dust ruffle. Flounce finished t u:<. "«>,<.- : c c o * A \
g Sale at 2d floor O'Farrell-st. entrance. with ™ che of sol5d color * aff «a Silk. 1S nosQ 1S 92.OO per dozen. |
I We Are Busy— Busier Than We Have fu " width " T °- da y and to " m °"j°£ Jj Our price 1 0 C a pair I
It^ c^ \rJ" er B KM't 11 o P " Ce ••S4.98 We Han the Reputation of Keeping the I
B inese Values Make US SO. IAP nnAPIinrnn Lanest Assortment and Finest Line I
W 1500 yards SILK taffeta RIB- S H K 1 1 \ ft- |Vl K r K S , of BEAUTIFIERS in Frisco. U
iSS?, n b d bo b n'e-ev T e?%e I SS 8^SSrVo? 816 Market Street, IV^^g^^Si S'^Slt 1
K Width 40 1 tj • ±t V'.' ; et dot3 > black and colors. rt
I Width eo !.¦.".'.*;.'.'.'.'.";.¦ ito Runnirg through to 11 O'Farrell Street- w . e donft ask fancy prices for fancy a
i Width 80 2Ae mail n «nr> s m^.,^.-r~~ veilinsrs. as others do, but the reliable H
I j£UC "AIL OKDEftS SOLICITED. store's price la 50c H
1 ?-S 1
ll ilff^ Pjly
A BUNCH
.OF HIGH-CLASS NOVELTIES TROM OUR HIGH-GRADE WINTER FASHIONS,
THE PICKING FROVI WHICH COSTS YOU
* f d^Q C^K ' ' ! '
6 o e o *PO«t/0 # # # «
ComoarzbJe With Anything Ever Shown in This City at $6.00*
?' i ii i.i i : : i : i : : : 1 1 : i : ; :¦ ¦:..:^.^.^^. : .. I .. ; ,.j : : ,, : ., ; .. ; ,t ll:i l , H ,, H , n-^
- r> T !K r y s n l" VT>"lu>rc above. In the center you, see a *'
t S °y. i J^ nre Trouser Suit for chap-, between the a<fes of 8 %
t nnti JO. SfTrv^of the liveliest fabrics of 1h», seaion in T
j. beo'ches-the highest grade of Scotches. $6.00 Scotches £
.; mother sforrs: htgh-gradfi Twill Cheviots in blue A T
j- toy a pulsing Friday and Saturday at X
I . o • • ipo.yo . . . %
¦w*«-ww: ; : i ; i : ::.k-h.;.:i : 1 1 m 1 1 n 1 1 1 1 n i m.. h -4
£ Those pretty little Blur Suits for smaller chaps b->- %
j. ixvecn the ages of 3 and 10 years, with prztby little silk "
]; vest. Double-breasted, open in the back, hnndiomily ¦ ••
I tailored, cute conceptions, rich conceptions, artistic con- ''
r crpiions. and all new winter fashions at that, and of ?
. oar own exclusive designs, and you know we are past 1
[ masters at tha*. V.
Such suits Friday and Saturday at . V
£ • • • €p£)©£/£) • • • ::
9 ¦s-i-:-:-!-:-:-:-:- :-n- : .m-m-m-i-h i o
£ We Close at 6 Every Evening Except Saturday. At
»-H"I"K"H"H"H"M 111 111 Hill 11 I-H-H-l 1 I II 1 II I I I I I H-H-K-*
4 ! Bncg»#obated, ;.U"k» Squaw: Avc
KING PINS FOR OVERCOATS.