Presents Figures to Worklngmen Showing
How Thea Prospered Under Protection; • ;
JAMESTOWN*. N. T.. Nov.^.-Gov
ernor RooFevelt finished the next to
the last tfay of his New York State
tour In this dty. after having trav
eled through five counties, making
¦fifteen speeches during the day. The two
Ftops where the most time was spent were
Lt Dunkirk and Jamestown. His speeches
during the day and at both of these cities
were flavored with vigorous attacks on
Richard Croker and National Democratic
Chairman Jones for their alleged attitude
en the counting of the ballots, which Gov
ernor Roosevelt diagnosed as an Incite
ment to violence. At both Dunkirk and
Jamestown, and especially in the latter
place to-night, there were immense audf
ftnees.
At Dunkirk, where three meetings were
held, the Governor In addressing the first
open-air meeting. In front of the Brooks
locomotive Works. which suspended
work In order to give their employes an
opportunity to hear, replied to Mr. Bryan,
and eald among other things:
"I want to take up one or two state
ments made last Saturday by Mr. Bryan
v.-hfn he was here. In the first place. Mr.
Bryan said that the argument of the din
ner pall was bad. because It ¦was not full.
Now, I don't exactly know how full it is.
but I do know it Is four times as full as
it was four years ago. Here are figures
for the present year for these works as
compared with 1836: The average monthly
wage* paid out are a little over $100,009,
as a&ainet $28,000. That Is an Increase of
-57 per cent. The average number of en
pines turned out is twenty-eight per
month, as against eight, and the number
of m«i at work Is 2109, as against 801. Mr.
Bryan said If we were prosperous It was
v.ot due to ue. Well. I tell you one thing.
Mr. Bryan i» not responsible for It"
"You bet your life he la not," shouted
cae of the grimy worklngmen. BSBI
[ The Governor smiled and continued :
| "He said It was due to Providence. Well.
; Providence helped us, because i It helped xls
j to keep Mr. Eryan out. •r\;-^;-^- ':' -.. ; '¦'¦'-.
< ¦ "Mr. 'Bryan denounced imperialism. One
of the engines that you have here. for. ex
i portat!on J3 to go to Japan. . If we plve
] up any effort to hold our own In the East
i then say good-by to any chance of ex
tending our commerce and obtaining a
j market In the Asiatic Hemisphere. We
j are able to export our locomotives and
i our goods because we are taking: up our
! position in the forefront of the nations of
the world. Let mo give you an example:
Eight years a»ro expansion was not In our
; line, and the French took the Island of
Madagascar. You say that was no con-:
I cern of ours. Well, it was. for the first
j thing that happened was that the market
: we had there for 11,000,000 yards of Ameri
can cloth was closed Immediately. If Mr.
Bryan had his way and we retired from
our possessions In the Philippines .you
would find that the market for engines
j and everything In Asia would be closed' to
us. If you vote for Mr. Bryan's policy
we will have such conditions as we had
four years ago. These works will feel
them, you will hurt every man who is
concerned In any way as a proprietor of
the works; you will get at them, but will
gret at everybody else. too. The whole
"truth Is. that we all of us go up or go
down together. When hard times come
they come to each of us. and when pros
perity comes something of the prosperity
comes to each of us. I agree with Mr.
Bryan that there are other things besides
the full dinner pall Involved. He is quite
right, and they can be comprehended by
the word 'patriotism,' the honor of the
flag, the honor of the nation."
At the Jamestown meetings the Gov
ernor confined himself principally to an
swering Mr. Bryan's argument on impe
rialism. .-¦>—•
ROOSEVELT TALKS OF
THE FULL DINNER PAIL
READ THE MESSAGES IN THE SKIESL
When You See the SearchIigM*s : Kays • You- Caii
Depend Up^n It That the Truth Is Illu- /
ruinating the Night. V ' '¦ V:;'; '.-0^
R-E-D F-1-R^.E
On the Big ,I)ome ..; "
WILL BE THE 53QNAE tg^T
McKINLEY
H a s Gar r ie d
NEW YORK.
RED BOMBS
Shot High in' -Air • '
WILfc CERTIFY THAT: , } '
McKINLEY:
Ha s Carried
CALIFORNIA;
FLASHES FROM
SEARCHLIGHT
. ¦ will
'INDICATE;..
Flashes of Living Light : W,Ii;\PIerce:.t2ie; : lieayeris:
an Six Counties.' Watch- Them: arid '
WATCH THE DOME OF CALL
ON THE NIGHT OF ELECTION
G=R=E=E=N
Plashes from
SE ARCH LIG HT
\ ¦ will ; v .;•'
, ' , IN© I CAT-E ;¦
VICTORY
Residents in Alameda, Contra Costa, Marin, San
. ; v ; J . . ; : Mate© and £ anta Clara Counties Can
VOLUME LXXXVni-NO. 155.
SAN FRANCISCO, FRIDAY, NOVEMBER r2r 1900.
PRICE ITTE CENTS.
GHICAGO. Nov. .1.— William J.
Bryan this . afternoon began -his
three days' Itinerary of this city,
. addressing: a vast concourse; at
Randolph street and Mlcnigan
avenue. The speaker's stand was at the/
side of the public library, and so dense
was the throng around It that the Presi
dential candidate was literally dragged to
the platform by a squad of policemen act
ing under the personal supervision of
Mayor Harrison, who had ridden with Mr.
Bryan from the railway station. Mr. Bry
an was escorted from the Dearborn-street
station by the Cook County .. Democratic
Club through Dearborn street. Jackson
boulevard, Clark. Madison. Lasalle . and
Randolph streets, which were lined with
humanity. ' The hour was especially
auspicious, as thousands ,r\ worklngtnen
and office employes had just completed
their day's task and awaited the coming
of the Democratic champion. ' , :
Mr. Bryan was in excellent voice and
this he used to good effect In reducing the
storm of cheering that greeted him when
he was Introduced. His speech was ap
plauded almost Incessantly, and at its
conclusion he was driven to the Audito
rium, where he took dinner, after which
he proceeded on his tour of the northwest
side of the city, where he made eight
speeches, all of them \o large crowds.
¦ At the stand near the public library, on
the lake front. Mr. Bryan said In part:
"When we speak of the business men
to-day under whose auspices this meeting
Is held we refer to those business men
who are Included In that narrow appli
cation of the term— those who are en
gaged in merchandising and in trading. I
am glad to .have a chance to speak to this
kind of business men. for ¦ I believe that
the Democratic party to-day appeals to
the business man as well as to the laborer
and farmer- BfidB
"I believe that the last four years have
taught the business men that the Demo
cratic party Is the conservative party of
this nation and that the Republican par
ty, is the revolutionary party. The Dem
pcratlo ; offers to restore the oM
foundations, of : Industrial Independences
and to destroy Industrial monopoly, now
fastened upon the country by the Republi
can party.**.: ~}; H .-¦ " : ¦:'; •. _•>"." -
; Mr. Bryan concluded with an attack en
trusts and promised to remedy the evil if
elected.- :'¦:-¦: \'>c~ '.'¦¦':¦ \
¦.^"From; reports which have come toirs
andfrommy own observation I am satis
fled that Indiana 13 aj safely Democratic
;a^s.Ml S sourf,'V;-:;; '[-¦.-; ,;. y .;/
: Thus spoke William J. Bryan as ha
alighted from a Monon train at the Dear
bbr= six*J*n this afternoon at ».5G if clock.
He had; Just arrived from a tour of tho
State of ; Indiana and from prolonged
trips through : various States further to
the eastward. He added that tho general
outlook was encouraging, but did not go
Into details. -
: Mr. Bryan's i Itinerary to-day covered a
number of points between Indianapolis
and this city, all of them being In th*>
State of Indiana. His car was run out of
Cincinnati early to-day and ho arrived at
Indianapolis at 7 o'clock. He made no
speech at the State capital, but was
joined there by National Commit teaman
Tag-gart and other prominent Indian.*
Democrats, who composed his escort for
the day. The stopping 1 points were James
town. Crawfordsvllle. Darlington, Frank
fort, Delphi. Montlcello, Morion. Renaso
laer, Lowell and Hammond.
Mr. Bryan left the private car Rambler
for good upon his arrival hera. He had
occupied It for just five weeks and had
traveled seven or eight thousand mile*
In it.
Mr. Bryan ran. Into a Republican meet
fe«g«afcahit. • — — ¦ - -
Completing a Tour M Mtim, He i Saus He
Is Satisfied That ;State Is Democratic.
G--R--E--E--N F-I--R--E
On the Big Dome
Hill BE THE SIGNAL THAT
Has Carried
• NEW YQRfc
GREEN BOMBS
Shot - High in Air
;v WJ:LL CERTIFY THAT
1 BRYAN
Has Carried
CALIFORNIA.
BRYAN BEGINS HIS
CHICAGO CAMPAIGN
The Searchlight, Especially Secured for This Oc
casion, Is the Host Powerful Ever Used
on This Coast.
||g|liie:;s3p^|preii||^H^|
READ THE MESSAGES IN THE SKIES.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL.GEORGIA LEGISLATORS
j:F' FIGHT WITH KNIVES
WALLACE, Idaho, Nov. 1.— The jury in
the case of Edward Rice, on trial for the
murder 'of Matthew Malley,' a cigar deal
er, on the first of. October, to-day brought
in a verdlctof murder.in the first degree.
Guilty of Murder.
DUBLIN, Nov. 1.— Mr. Boylandr who
purchased Avondale, the estate of the late
Charles j Stewart Parnell, 8 which was sold
at auction yesterday by the Land* Judges
Court, declines .to • reserve the . Parnell
residence alone to -the trustees of the
American fund. He will, however, resell
the entire estate for £8000.
Avondale for Sale.
GRAND RAPIDS. Mich.. Nov. 1.—Coun
ty Treasurer . B. Proctor, nominated by
the Republicans for State Senator f rom
the Seventeenth District, committed sui
cide to-day by taking laudanum. ' Cam
paign criticism of alleged Irregularities
in tne administration of the county treas
ury is said to have impelled him to tak?
his life. • . ¦ ' ¦• -¦-'.¦
His deputies stoutly maintain that there
is no shortages in his accounts. . . "
NOMINEE FOR SENATOR
:¦'.';¦: COMMITS SUTCIDE
BARCELONA, Nov. 1.— The first band
of Carlista which appeared at Badalona,
forty men strong, has been dispersed;
That in the neighborhood . of Iqualada,
which also consisted of forty men. had an
engagement with- the Civil. Guard, of.
whom two were, wounded, one mortally.
At present the Carlista are completely
discouraged. "There are 'few "Partidas"
in the environs . of Berga, In all about 100
men. In an engagement between, them
and the Civil Guard of Mosos Escuadra
two insurgents were killed. Troops,. both
of cavalry .and infantry, • are t. pursuing
them to-day. A-. new '-Partlda.\ of . four
teen men has - appeared at Ra vents
Bridge, near Berga. * ; ;. • : .
-Three depots of arms. and equipmenta
were discovered ¦yesterday rat' Barcelona.
Carlist clubs have been closed, fwenty
five arrests have been made, one. of the
persons arrested being the Carlist general
Bollva. • " ' - -
: The opinion of the authorities is > that
the movement Is not one of extraordinary
importance. They do not believe the Car
.list party. Is in a position to carry on a
war, though the industrial crisis at pres
ent prevauingmight favor the movement.
Many persons are still unconvinced. as to
the aim of the movement and. are not
sure that the insurgents are really Car
lists. The Captain General of Barcelona
refused ta accept the" troops, the Govern
ment wanted to send to him.' The Civil
Governor is. of the opinion that" he: has
crushed the conspiracy by -the discovery
of arms and equipment, but it is not be
lieved that he will have much Influence in
the march of events, for 'the real -danger'
lies in the appearance of 'a new" Carlist
band. ' ' ' ¦-"'".'¦¦ .,
The population is very much excited and.
gives credence to air kinds of extraordi
nary stories. . . • • k.'j ¦¦¦-','
MADRID. Nov. 1.— The following.state
ment has been Issued by the Spanish Min
ister of the Interior: . ,".•;¦.,•
"The revolutionary movement, is on the.
decline. • It Is now limited to the -band in
the mountains, near Berga; which is -flee
ing before several columns of Government
troops. The rest of the peninsula Is calm.
The troops *>have returned to Igualada.
Xhey encountered no revolutionariea.'.'i. vj .
Bpedftl Cable to The*Call and New Tork Her
ald. Coryrurht. ISOO, by the Herald Pub
lichlnar Company. : . ". ¦ .; -'. ¦ • ', -."
Revolutionists in Spain Are
. ' Much Discouraged by ,
:. ;; • • I ;' Repulses. • . :¦¦'
CARLIST BANDS
ARE DISPERSED
Letters from privates in: China begin to ;
find their way into the social democratic
papers,. showing that the German troops
give no quarter. The Bremen Buerger
Zeltung publishes a letter. from a soldier
in Peking who said he witnessed the fol
lowing scene*: Sixty-eight captives, some
of them not yet adults, were tied together,
by their pigtails, beaten bloody by the
Germans, Compelled to dig their own
graves, and then shot en masse. . ; ". :
The Halberstadter Volks Zeitung prints
a communication from Peking, in which
the wilter says: : ' . ¦ - ¦ . ¦ ' ¦ •
/ "No prisoners are taken.. All are shot
or; preferably, sabered to save ammuni
tion. On' Sunday afternoon we had to
bayonet seventy-four prisoners. They had
killed one of our patrolmen. : An • entire
battalion pursued them and captured eey-r
enty-four alive. It was cruel; it was in
describable/' :. . . .. .
BErUN* Nov. 1;—Conslderable . lmpa
tiehceat the meageihess of the news from
China is £ finding expression here. Theln^
ference is: that. German censorship oyer
such information is. very strict. . i : :
Chinese Treated Withf^Aw
;,; ¦ ful Cruelty by; the ¦
-Soldiers. -
GERMANS SHOW
NO QUARTER
CHICAGO. N<nV '.i.r-Fpur . eggs wers
thrown at William J. Bryan to-night ju*t
as. he left ' the Central Turner HalW Mil
waukee avenue, when; he had concluded
his address. The eggs were ¦ thrown by
three or four young men, : one of whom,
John R. Myers, a sign painter, ,waa placed
under arrest.'; The other men. .escaped.
Mr.. Bryan had just passed through the
door of the building and was walking
toward . his carriage when . four eggs
whizzed, at almost 'the; same moment over
his head "and struck In the crowd beyond,
which was waiting to greet Mr. Bryan as
he left. the hall. ;• . / ¦ . :
One egg. which lacked a good deal of
being ¦ fresh, struck ¦ Policeman • Culkins
squarely, on the forehead und . streamed
down, his face. Culklns saw themen who
threw the eggs and made a. rush for them.
Myers was the only one whom .he couli
catch, the . others; slipping away . in ¦ lh»
crowd. •• ... ¦'•¦• . • . . ¦¦
' The hall was surrounded by a largos
crowd and as soon a 9 It- became known
that egg3 had been thrown at Air. Bryan
the .excitement was Intense; A hundred
men made a rush for the-prisoner and it
wRs : only : by desperate efforts that Cul
kins managed to hold, on to his man.
Several policemen came to his assistance
and all the policemen were compelled to
use their clubs before the crowd would
give ground and allow Myers to be placed
in the'patrol wagon. ' . ' - - • ¦ '
When locked up at the West North ave- :
nue police station Myers declared posi
tively that he had thrown no eggs at Mr.
Bo - an personally and had no intention
whatever of hitting him. He declared
that in his anxiety to obtain a good view
of the candidate as he left the hall hj
had crowded close to the carriage and
that the driver had struck him with his
whip In order to make him stand back.
He returned to where his friends wera
standing and they promptly hurled the
eggs at the driver and that just as they
dirt ao Mr. Bryan came through, the door-"
way. Myers declares that he is a Demo
crat and -would- never have thought of
throwing - eggs at the candidate of his
party. He declined to give the names
of his companions and could jfive no ex
planation, of why they had come to the
meeting carrying bad eggs ¦ in their
pockets. -
One of the Assailants Ar
rested ;and Declares He: ¦
- Is a Dem; crat. f / : : :
EGGS THROWN
AT MR. BRYAN
lr.2 ar Renspelaer. When he arrived at
the meeting j)I«r^ thet*- was a large crowd
there to greet him and on the outskirts
of the crowd were a number or men on
horseback and in Rough Rider uniforms.
There were also ma.iv; yellow ba.dEfS
tcatt-ered through the crowd, and. it was
*>vH<>nt that there was a good deal of
M'-Kinley sentiment there. Grasping tha
*-ituation* Mr. Bryan said: -..;• ¦¦;• .; ¦
.- : - "I am sorry that :t has so harjpenpd
¦that my meeting oames on the .frame day
\ss the" Ronubliran meeting, but; in ar
ranging the visit it wras. rot • possible-, to
m?ke it on any other (lay.anii:lam?ure
that her#> we ran meet tojeether fls mfai^
hers of different parties and: that there
need be no friction between, tbofe. wlv>
think as I do and thofe who are . oppo?£<i
'to the opinion which' I adv<>cate-- I am
*ur<» too. that It will. not do Republicans
sr.v harm to '•listen • to -a Democratic
>peech and I hop* that; the- DemocratJ
• will return the coyrtesy shown by the?«
Rriublioanp b5^ listening to the Republi
can speeches which be.dell\-ercd.
f(?r no party has arrj- clalro tipon the voter
exrept as the party ran show that it.is
. : DiscvsiMng the : questl6n of Imperialism
at Monttcello^Ir; Bryan .«aid: • •¦•¦ ¦•
"A' Republican; said not long ago . that
nations might. die .wheiher they expanded
or not.;.btit- that; only, expanding nations
left a Rlorlous history. It is not necessary
that a republic, should die. The empire
based- on. force, will' fall when a superior
forc« arises,. but\a tepubllc resting on the
peclaration of Independence! and admin
istered according; to the doctrine of equal
rlehts to all; snd special privileges to none,
• need r*ver dJe. will never die. can never
die, and euch a republic we want this to
be. If you. love: liberty, .then remember
that the Filipino loves It in. the Orient.
Lf you are entitled to ' self-government
nere, remember jLhat'he Is entitled to it
there. But when you: get :off : ,the doctrine
that all men are created equal., upon what
will you stand when you demand a right
tp a voice in your own government?"
Mr. Bryan's speech to the large audience
which greeted him. at Monon was.an ap
peal to Republicans to lay: aside party
prejudice and act upon the basis' of pa
triotism: He said tnat while manv Re
publicans .disapproved the position ot their
party on mar.y questions, they would try
to silence ¦ their ¦ consciences and avoid
leaving. their party.'- The. Republican le.id
frs seemed to thfnlv the rank and flle of
the party would vote for anything Just so
it was in the platform, but he believed
they wculd b? disappointed In this expec
tation at the coming, election, for the
masses of. thi» party could not fall tp Bee
that that party makes the poor man pay
more than hie phare of the cost of gov
ernment, and the rich man less than his.
¦r- "I want the He publicans to explain why
thty aek: for substitution of «.- bank note
for'a -greenback. ' In trieir : financial' bill,
they put- section ll.:W:hich-' revives' :•¦ the
"•h'ojpV of internationar i)1metalllprn.. -"Why"
revive the hope of ilnternatlottal. bimetal
lism: if the' gold ?tatrdard is a good thing 2.'
Why not defend aperpetual debt v for you
cannot have a bank-note .system resting
on -bonds a permanent ". system' ¦without
having permanent bonds.'.' : t ¦• • • • : . ": ¦;
••Therewasai brief stop at the town of.
Lowell, which was not originally on the
programme. -:.':'•"• :¦¦?: ' '-' "¦¦ ¦¦'. .•'.' ¦ '• '¦ =
Mr.- Bryan was listenea: to by a large
and 'attentive crowd'' in :the;clty of-Ham
mond, which was his last stopping place
in the State of Indiana. . In.'hls speech at
that point he gave considerable attention
to the question Of : government by injunc
tion. r- sayings among :other- things: .: r - ..
"Since the last election, men have been
shot down on the . highway by govern
ment by Injunction, and the laboring man
realizes that government. by injunction is
merely a process by which : laboring meri
are . deprived : of trial by.- jury when they,
come Into conflict with a great corpora
tion. , We want to abolish government by
injunction. : The Republicans have not
tried todd it, and not one of: them In tnis
campaSgn Has said a word on that sub
ject, but the ! Republican candidate- for
Vice Presldci'.t. wrote something about It
four years >go. ; During the campaign he
had occasion -to ex press .himself, on .' this
•subject' and- said the laboring- men who
were • opposed to j government by . lnJuncr
tion were like! their remote . skin-clad an
cestorB.- who;- ate ; tfce . mammoth and the
wily rhlndcercs."; .. . . ' •. ¦ • . : =•
the best means by which /they can serve
this country.; and .«-« :?.re willing:, to sub
mit our principles and our defense to the
conpclence- and to ¦ the Judgment of Vho
American people." . ; • ' . .
In this speech Mn Bryan referred brief
ly to the.nnancial question by way of -it
tack upoh'the 'Republican position.
The following. was. his language on that
point: .-' '¦¦'¦¦¦¦¦ : :=.'¦',, : .
o'clock. Thel doctor examined Rice and
said he was. dead. Patrick was then very
nervous and excited and he asked the doc
tor how long he. had been dead.. The doc
tor replied:. 'About twenty minutes.' Af
ter the body . had been laid out Patrick
gathered up all the letters. I was with
him. and had as much as he to do with
that. He gathered in: the two Watches
and all the -money that was in- the trunk.
Patrick selected, such as he wanted from
the papers. • He told me: that, he wanted
all the valuable papers. The next day he
returned, and had with him bankbooks
arid checkbooks. -He had a number of
blank checks,-. T have some checks that
I want 'you to fill out,': he- said. ; • 'One on
M: Swehson & Sons for $25,000.' One was
filled out for $05,000 on M. Swenson &
Sons, one for $25,000 on the Fifth-avenue
Trust Company and one for $135,000 on the
same company. lie told me he had the
proper right to cash these checks before
Rice's death became known— his words
were, 'legal right.' He left at 8:30 or 9
o'clock and said he would telephone me
to dictate messages tobe sent to relatlvea
and Baker and to tell, the bank, if-.it
called up. tha K the checks were. good.
About 11:30. o'clock he called me- up and
paid: "We've made a bust of it.' He again
told me to tell the bank that the checks
were all right. About ten -minutes later.
Mr. Wallace called up and asked for Mr.
Rice. He asked me If the checks were In
my handwriting. I told him yes, if you
send up I- will correct It. That is how he
explained the spelling of the name Albert
'Abert' Instead of correctly. Then he tol.l
me to have Mr. Rice come to the tele
phone. I said: 'Very well.' and rang off.
Then I called ur» Patrick and tolfl him.
He told me to tell them if called up again
tnat Mr. Rice was dead. . Swenson came
to .the telephone and asked about Rice.
I told him that, he was dead. Then-he
wanted to know all about it. I told him
Victory for Conservatives.
¦WINNIPEG. Man.. Nov. L— In the locsl
by-election In Center "Winnipeg- to-day T.
W. Taylo^, Conservative, was elected by
a majority of 164 over Robert Muir. The
victory Is of grreat importance to the Con
servatives on account of the coming Do
minion elections next week. Center "Win
nipeg has . been a liberal stronghold for
twenty years. i'y.-'.K:- '";.¦¦-; ., "{¦: •..¦-..'
Count Bon! and hlswlfe ti» be about 23.
500.000 francs. Of thte sum. there was
expended on real estate, in connection
with the Charity Bazaar and their private
r^idence .on the Avenue de MalakofT. 3,
702,000 franc3',; mortgages, 6.5.S5.260 franca:
loan.?, notes and tradesmen's bills, 4,2f<3.
155 franca, and on art and bric-a-brac
dealers, d.lOO.OOQ francs. : - M. Werthelmer.
who Is one of th«> art dealers Interested,
claims goods ¦were bought, then taken
back and then resold to the amount of
8,000,000 franca, and that *n these transac
tions there now remains due htm the turn
of 2,000.000 francs. ; . ; ' . . •::-..-, . • •:
BONI CASTZIXANE QPENT A ¦¦'¦'¦¦
; r roRTUNE on bric-a-brac
the Georgia legislators here to attend the
State Legislature. Harden of Wllki
County was S3verely stabbed.- Mr. Cann of
Chatham and two others were Injured In
trying to stop the fight. . Mr. Harden's
condition was so serious that he was left
at Forsyth for treatment. ¦..¦'¦¦. ; :
•¦•'•' ¦. ¦ ".¦-¦.'.':• o ' ¦:
PARIS. Nov. 1.— Further details regard
ing the appointment of George J. Gould
as trustee for his sister, the. /Countess
Cast ellane,. show the Indebtedness f. ; ; of
Mr. Osborne says Jones described Rice's
death as follows: ¦ ¦ ¦ ¦ ' .'
"Mr. Rice was very sick. .. Patrick said
to me 'Go get a doctor.' I went for one
and he came back with me and pro
nounced Rice dead. Patrick asked: 'How
lopg has he been dead?' The doctor an
sw«red: 'Twenty minutes.' This was
about 9 o'clock. Patrick asked the doctor
what was the next thing to do." The doc
tor said to get an undertaker. The doc
tor recommended an undertaker 'named
Senior at Madison avenue and Fifty
ninth street. I went there but did not get
Senior. Patrick said. 'Never mind. I'll
get another.' When I got back I found
an undertaker named Flowright there.
Then Patrick took me aside and said:
Doctor Found Rice Dead.
"I telephoned Patrick about 6 or 6:30.
Mr. Patrick said: 'I will" be at the house
about 7-o'clock. He came about 7 o'clock
and had a package/ of papers and sat in
a. chair bv the bed, talking to Mr. Rice,
and Mr. Rice, took the papers from- him.
Mr. Patrick said: 'Why do you wish the
papers?' I do not remember Mr. Rice's
answer. Mr. Rice told Patrick that he
was very nervous and did not -wish to
be. troubled. Mr. Patrick asked me for a
towel and a sponge and I got them for
lilm. He then asked me to leave the room.
I left the room. ¦ He said: 'I will remain
with Mr. Rice until he goes to sleep and
will so out the side door.' Two minutes
later I heard- Mr. Rice laughing ' after I
left; the roonv I went to the door *nd
peeped in and saw Mr. Rice lying on his
back and the towel was folded in a cone
shape and . was over . his i whole face -and
Patrick was holding it over his face with
his right hand. Mr. Patrick did not see
me, nor did Mr. Rice. I opened the door
just enough to see what was going on. and
just as soon as T saw the position : of
things I went and lay down on my bed
and went to sleep.": . r ¦
Assistant District Attorney Osborne this
afternoon gave out a more detailed state
ment of what Jones said of. the happen
ings subsequent to Rice's death. He said,
quoting from Jones' statement:
¦ "When I waked up about 8- o'clock the
morning following Rice's death, having
been in the habit of carrying water to
him since his sickness. I asked him then
If he wanted water and he did not answer.
I took up his hand and it. was limp and
lifeless. I at once saw that he was either
•feigning or dead. I first looked around
the house for Patrick and sent for the
doctor. I told Friend Patrick that Rice
was either sick or dead. I asked him:
'Where have you been and how did you
get away? 1 He answered: 'I will go and
get the doctor and come up.' The doctor
arid Patrick. came together about 8:30 or 9
Jones Fills Out Checks.
'Now, Jones, we've got to get all of the
old man's papers: Understand, we must
set a-U of them.' We took aH the papers
we could find and Patrick bundled them
all up and took them away with him:
Monda;- morning Patrick cam£ to ¦' Mr.
Rice's house. He had a check book, in
his hand, he said:: 'This Is Mr. Rice's
check .book.' Then he showed me. two
checks signed W. M. Rice. 'Now,* he said,
'I want you to fill out . the amounts of
these checks," and at his request -I' filled
out one for 125.000 and another for $65,000.
"Ab to the. embalming of Mr. Rice's
body, the letter used was dictated by. Mr.
Rice, either in July or August, but it was
not signed- by. him.' I saw this ' letter
among Rice's papers on several occasions.
Inasmuch as I went up town to see Senior,
the undertaker, while Patrick made the
arrangements for the undertaker,. I aid
not. see the letter that Patrick gave to the.
undertaker.- I ha\ - e seen it several times
since, however, and can state positively
that it was the letter unsigned among Mr.
Rice's papers." • ¦ : • • .' • '¦¦¦
THE ATTORNEY AND VALET WHO CAUSED THE DEATH OF MILLIONAIRE WILLIAM MARSH RICE BY
SLOW POISONING AND CHLOROFORM IN ORDER TO LOOT HIS ESTATE. AND THE SCENE OF THEIR
MOST SENSATIONAL CRIME. . : ... : . ' : ••. • '. .v . - .. : - . " ;
Story of the Confession.
\F<=i«tant District Attorney Osborn«
pp.id t5>at after n conference he had de
cided to make public all th»v facts, in tfre
cr.pe. ¦ '¦.'•¦ '.:'.."'. -. .- -'¦ '¦
•Tuepn»v nfternoon." he Raid. "I re
ceiv^-fl a message that diaries F..; Jones.
"Mr. Rice grew very sick. . Pat rick said
to me: 'Git get a doctor." : I went for. ptL*>.
He iTonounowi Mr. Ri«^» dea-d.'^,;:; r.y^.r
Attorney Patrick: denies.:' having,: fur-!
nif-h^d Jones the penknafp-and -he ilso
denies the statement Jn the' confession'. '
Jones, after his suicidal attempt, was
taken to Bfll*>vu*> llr>?pitai; -hRPtlly stina
moned physician! 1 iiaving-arrived iri time
tn c SV p him from death through loss of
Mood. At 8 oVlock to-nipjit ihe hofpital
purgeons *=ald h*> .wap.slla;htly. better, and
the ohauces are th3t In -a few days:, he
•will ajraln itf returned to the. Tombs:' ''.i .-
T^e < 'oror.er's investigation ln*6 . the
dfath of Millionaire Rice, which was to
have been helij to-day, and which had
previously t»*v»n adjourned to await . the
report of the chemist who had examiner!
portion? of the remains for traces' of
poison. wa« apain adinurned because of
the devHcpments in th«>. rnse. ' .—'.:',¦.:¦;¦•
"The to^ei that I ftad pjvrn Patrick'
was wrapped aro-.mO thf a cone
shape. This cone was lyihrdirtK'Oy ov*r
Vi r. Rice'? eyes and no$e. "Patrick was
pressing It <iown with his ¦'¦„ right hand.'
Fa trick did not ?« me. :and; : of coarpe.;
Mr. Rice could not.: After. >eeln£ wtiaV
J had Feen 1 went and lay Sown on my
brd. ;. ;,'.. '¦ '.¦...-.;•¦..- ; : o : l-VV A:^:/ '¦- 'P~ ¦:'¦
"He produced a bottle an-i uncorked it.
The contents smetled to me ilkfl some
\«?ry strong liniment. / •• . •:¦'- ..-.:¦¦
"Then Patrick $aM to me: 'Get- me a
towel and a sponge.' '¦•-.' _¦"" ¦•.= - : . . -; ¦
"I got him ¦- bnih. Then : Pat rirk said;
'Jonfs. you hav*> to leave' I Jeft. 'As;.l
vas leaving Patrick *aid: . -;.\l remain
ti*Tf until 'Mr. Ftice: frets loRiffp." -He
ciot-ed the dor, r behind m»». 1 .Etoo«4 in' the
hall for a few minutes and srtoh I h*"!lrd
Mr. Ri<«» la lijrh. I thought tt!s waf^uter.
t>a I pushen '.'pen the door.. I- saw- Mr.
Rice lyin^ his back In bp-d'.: ..: : ¦' • -.- '••
His crime, according to the <ont-»sslbn
of Jonos, r a rts of which ••¦'th*--DjV' rut -\x-.
torney'fi oal'.e gav-e was noth
ing -fist, than :i^'^B"r^rof.-.'3kililidriaire
Ric« by Attorney Patritk and the purloin
ing of higi paj>erp relating- to. ; the estate.
The talcing <.rf of Mr. Ki<:e. says: Jones:
was done by the internal administration
of pome p«>!snp. suppus»»dly mtroury. and
the final application of a towel. saturated
with prtrnt- anesthetic. presumaljJy chior-Or
form. Thar portion of the : . confr-A.=lon
which has to Ao with the las;! moments
of th«» old man is the following;. grfVeii by
the authorities ascoming. front Jones, "the
scent taking :place in the. of
the mUlionairf and: he lying «=nik in tye^:.
"Mr. RJoe smid: "I am very, nervous,
Mr. Patrick. I :wlsh : you.-would not.
trouble me. Please go away." ': : '¦". ¦ '. : "¦
"Pa trick replied : 'V ha v'e : : : sorn*»- salts
here. Mr. Rice, that will cure your ner-
Poison and Chloroform.
The first Incident which led up to to
day's climax was the fact disclosed yps
terday that ' Vaift Jones had Wen taken
to the District Attorney's office, and the
subsequent rumor that he had made a
confession to the authorities.'.: Before the.
public had time to learn If the report of a
< onff-ffiou was true came uu*jnore start
ling nfjif.'fat rturins the night Jones had,
in his ck-U in the Tombs\, attomptod suicide
by cut ting hist liroa t wit h . a penknife.
Civen him. he eayn. i>y Attorney Patrick.
also -conrined in tb* Tombs. -and for the
j>urpose of gettatse rid of one witnpsrS . to
i'atru k's ahrjec-u vrim?.' ' •--" ¦ " ¦ '
tempt of his New York attorney,
Albert T. Patrick, to cash checks for large
amounts which purported to be signed by
the millionaire; the refusal cf one bank to
cash the checks drawn on it and the dis
covery by the bank officials that Mr. Rice
was lying dea.1 «t the time the checks
were j resented: the subsequent claim by
Tatr'ck that Mr. Rice bad made him by
will tnjsT^e of his estate, which amounts
to anywhere from $$,009,000 to fS.OOO.OOO: the
cherp»> of forgery, both as regards the
chocke and ihe will, placed against Pat
rick and ¦;¦¦ :-Mr. Rice's vaiet. Charles F.
J^nes; the arrrst of Patrick and Jones
jind thfir iojgme-ut in jail, have kept New
York interested for over a month on what
by. :h* 4\f\eloi m*;rit.s of to-dav prorn'spn t;»
become one of the most celebrated crimes
whifh ihe courts of this city have been
called An to investigate.;- ; •' ¦ ¦¦
w'- iEWTORK.Xflv. 1.— The death of
|^kl the wealthy William Marsh Rice
¦ fit his Madison-avenue apart
i g mer.ts on September 23; the at-
"He "slept very little that night, and he
sent me to Patrick's house Saturday
morning, and io!d me if 1 did not return
with the papers he would report to tnt-
HUtnbiities. Patrick was agitated and
yaicK 'I want to know Rice s condition
and what steps he will take, and I want
you to telephone, and if Rlee takes any
steps to notify. the authorities I want to
know If "you. -will be sure and telephone
me,' I told him that I would. When I
Tvwit back Rice was sleeping. When 1
lett Patrick's house 1 went for the doctor,
and when I returned Rice was asleep and
nothing morj wis said anout the papers
until Sunday morning. His mind was:
wandering Sunday afur he woke up: he
talked incoherently. About 11 o'clock he
h7»<1 improved an'l h» asked about the pa
pe.rs. H>». PFked me why I did not get
thrrn/ 1 tftlil him that Patrick had prom
if-pil to call.; but had-not done so. told
me. to go and s*>» him. again and tell him
that bet h'Sd sivm lrim the lnst warning.
He told. m*». to tell It- to him in the pres
f nee of sr.rrve 'perfon. ¦¦ I : went to see Pat
ricii and he >ald the papers Were in his
offtc»» and: that he would get them and
br*rier t!-^j.i to me, This was about 1 or 2
o'clock. .He did not <lo so. and I went to
his vho.u.sjv abotit ft o'clotiH- He said he
yk^ould brJHiK the papers.. : ; . ¦ ¦' ¦¦
... "I told him to bring everything he had;
iti Jhehwupi?, aird. he\wanted to know why'
ate? .waK«f i}}& papers.' Hft showed me.
TPomethlng in r a bottle which looked like
.ftalts. Tind hetold mi* 1 (o dilute it in twenty
jiarts of wAt&r and. gi\^> it-ito Mr. Rice
and it would strengthen him .Very: much;
I «-<>nt back,, and pjctered; It .- to- Mr.-:'Rlce.-:
H-e said: •:• 'IVwill not' take tt -unless you
take some. : .of ; :it flrsi,' . Hasted it and it
tasted rather aridy or m^tailic. Mr. Rice
listed it and asked- me If I would take
It if I was sick;. 1 paid not tmless J knew
tvhat W T»,»s,'and left it on a stand three
feet from him., When I returned some of
it was gone— a very small part. I asked
him if he had takenit and. he said: 'Yes.
*ome of ft:' about a mouthful.' It- wan
then about -3 o'clock in. the afternoon.
Mr HI.C* Mt: bythfr window looking out
an Fifth avenue and remained there un
til 4 o'clock. Then he went to bed. I
heard a plight noise and went in. and
Mr. Rice wa? (sitting by the window,
ApalTi T tried', to persuade, him to go to
bed. : H" refused at first. I carried him
and put: him into bed.- I told Mr. Rice
that Patrick said he. would come to the
house assoQ/nas he could do so without
beine seen— that was before. I put him
to bed. JTe told me 1f. Patrick did not
rome the next morning he would notify
the authrtritiPs and to telepllone to this
.effect to Patrick, and this was his last
. warning; ¦¦• : .'. ' v . - . ¦•' :
Bice Wanted the Papers;
"I thereupon sent for Captain McClus
kev, James Byrne of Hornblower. Byrne,
Miller & Potter and Mr. Miller of the sam»
Qrm, and in their presence Jones made his
Ftatcmeni to mr. Without going into full
detail, he stated in substance that what
Mr. Wetfcerbce had testified to was true.
He said that for some days prior to Rice's
death Patrick had -Riven Mr. Rice tablets
of a grayish color: that Mr. Rice took
those tabiet.« from • Patrick, and that Pat
rick told hira to take them, as he had
tak«n pom«. himself: -that about this time.
Patrick and Rice had become very inti
mate; that Mr. Rice on Saturday sent
Jonts to Patrick's house to I'emahd cer
tain papers from Patrick lhat he lwd in
his; possession.".'." ¦' • ¦¦:¦:'. .
Joiie* Is jff presented to have said:
"This was about. September 12. Mr.
Rice had been bothered with constipation.
When Mr. ; . Patrick .brought htm some tab
lets Patrick had said he had taken some
himself. Two days after this Mrs. Van
Alstvne advised him to eat b.innna?. Mr.
Rite paid the bananas clogged his =tem
arXt ai.d I to'd th< doctor. The doctor
Faid that.' Rico, having diarrhoea, he
would pull through. The . tarlets were
taken every night rntil Friday before Mr.
Rice died. He may have taken more: if
he did I knew nothing of it. The last time
1 saw hjmtake them wos Wednesday or
Tiiursday b"'nre hi? death.' Friday night
Rice fretted, worried 'and grieved about
hif 5 business in general, speaking of the
Galveston/flotxl and other things. He v.-as
afraid that Patrick h;«d got him into some
dutch bv.which ho would lose th^ most
nf his pri>p<"'.rty. : He worried and cried
like a woman in hysterics until 2 o'clock
that tr.orning.and then fell off into a sleep
until" o'clock. •. . ¦-.. . . '• . ' .
In the City Prison, desired to see me. • I
went to see Jones and he was brought
down to the Warden's office, and I aSKed
him if he wanted to see me. He said he
did. I told him that the law did not re
quire him to make any statement, and
stated that anything he might wish to
say would not be used against him and
he was not his lawyer. I told him he
had a lawyer and hart better consult with
him if he thought it necessary. H* said
he voluntarily desired to make a state
ment. ¦ ¦
he had died atS o'clock the night before. |
Messages . Smt to Kelatives.
"Patrick then called me up again and |
said: 'These people have kicked over the \
traces.* He then dictated to me the mes
sage to be sent to the relatives. The one
to Captain Baker read: 'Mr. Rice died
last night at 8 o'clock. Doctor's certin
cate reads weak heart, old age. dlar- ¦
rhoea. Funeral to-morrcw. 10 o dccK
Messages of a similar character were sent
to a number of others. I sent word to
Mr. Alstvne at 21 Fourth * avenue. I
think these are all th? messages I sent.
Mr. Patrick came to the house betweaa
¦4 and 5 o'clock on Monday. Mr. and Mrs.
Carpenter and their son. Robert, wen
there. Mr. Patrick asked them to attend
the funeral the following day. He wen;
to dinner between 4 and 6 p^ m. and re- ;
turned about 8 o'clock. The next day
about 9 o'clock I noticed four men hang
ing around the house. They came to the
house and paid they were lawyers. I.
telephoned Mr. Patrick about these men J
and ho told me not to let them in. One
came in and said he was from a law of- ¦
nee and wanted to see me. He questioned
me about Mr. Rice's dt>ath and the checks.
I don't remember exactly my answers.
but whatever they were they were net
true... . •
"Patrick telephoned after they left,
about 1 o'clock. Mr. Meldon called an!
showed me a' telegram from Captain Ba
ker and asked if he v°"I«i assist In any
way. The telegram sa!d:: 'Loc; out for |
property and valuables ' That was the j
substance of it. Mr. Patrick ca.led abou".
1 or 2 o'clock. "When he called: 1-told hlni
that the four men had been there and hal j
been questioning me about Mr. Rice's af- ;
fairs. He then wept away and said: be !
would be back in an hour's time.. He tel- ]
ephoned later and asked me- again abou* i
the telegram from Captain Ba«.er and als.» i
about the detectives. When he came back |
ho said not to say anything and 'I will.
post you.' 'Now. Jones, we are in for it. |
I>ook for the worst.' he said. I did not
sleep much or could not. I knew well !
that those checks were not ciffht. Pat- I
rick, before he left, lold me to say the
checks in question wer«? to settle the Holt
claim. He told me he was going- to call
off the cremation. The detectives ques
tioned and hung around continually an;!
Patrick acaln said not to mention any
thing about medicines. When the detec
tives returned I went to breakfast with i
them. They told me I was wanted at po
lice headquarters and that I would meet:
a representative of the District Attorney's
office and that no disposition of the bod/
would be made until the Coroner was no
tified. When 1 went to police headquar
ters I met Mr. Osborne from me District
Attorney's office. I then heard that Cap
tain Baker would be in the- city and 1
was to tell Captain Baker what I knew."
Mr. Osborne questioned Jones after he
had concluded the statement, and asked
many questions, all of which Jones an
swered, and declared he answered truth
fully. ¦•...-.¦; :
: Mr. Osborne was asked if he thought
there would be any more arrests in. the
case and if any of the notaries that had
been interested in the case would be ar
rested. He said he was not prepared to
answer the question. ¦ ¦..' .
Mr. Miller of the firm of Hornblower &
Byrne was at the prison ward in Bellevue
Hospital with Jones for an hour. ¦ . . :
The Valet Breaks Down. >/-'.
¦ Jones, he said, was » unnerved and
broken. He lay' on his cot and sobbed
and cried like a child. Mr. Miller said
Jones told him that Patrick told him ta
kill himself; as he had a better opportu
nity to do so than he (Patrick), as there
was another man in the cell with Patrick.
Miller said that. Jones further quoted Pat
rick assaying: ''What can I do? I have
two children, and what will become of
them In case I am tried and this Is found
Mr. Osborne was asked what part of the
Rice estate Jones had expected target Her
said Jones told him Patrick had assured
I him of being well cared for. -but had
promised nothing more definite. . The e-s-
I tate Mr. Osborne said, is estimated at
from $3,000,000 to $8,000,000. ...-".- ¦¦ :;:: :•
The information that Jones desired, to
make a statement came to the District
Attorney. Mr. Osborne said,- through : a
friend of Jones, who was present at the
time the statement was made. Mr. Os
borne declined to give the friend's name.
Mr. Osborne said word had been sent at
the same time to Patrick^elling him the
District Attorney would be gr«ad to hear
from him if he cared to make a statement.
Mr. Patrick replied that he did not care to
say anything about any crime, but would
like to see Captain '. Baker about the es
tate. The District Attorney said the State
did not care to discuss the estate, but
rather Rice's death. ¦-> ..
. Asked if he thought Mr. Rice had been
"Jones Baid to me: 'Mr. House. I told
them just what I have always said to
you. I had only one statement to makd
and that was the one I made to Captain
McCluskey. I said" there was nothing els'*
I could tell. If they wanted to know mou
1 told them to get the statement taken
down by Captain McCluakey. A state
ment was produced which was said to be
the one I made to Captain McCluskey. I
read it and afterward was asked to sign
it. : I refused to do so, because many
things had been added to it since I mad?
It; I was asked to correct It and clgn it.
•This I refused to do, I told them that
I was in no condition to protect my own
interests.,. ¦:. '
" 'Then some one, either McCluskey or
Baker, said that I had better tell all and
save myself. I was- tol<* that Patrick had
confessed. I replied that I could not help
what Patrick had dene. '-' he made a
truthful confession. I said. It can do n>>
harm. .Then three different statement*
were prepared by- Mr. Osborne. Each oni
was read tome and I was as.-ed to sign
one of them. I declined. I said I would
talk no more. I told Mr. Osborne that ho
had no right to treat roe aa he did ani
that I would say no more save in your
presence ' Mr. House. 1 ' "
Dr> Walter! Curry^ who attended Mr.
Bice during . the '.Illness which preceded
his death, and wn«;wa« called in after
ward, '¦- said to-night • that when he> was
called «n the day of Mr. Rice's death he
saw no towel or-.' sponge near the bodv
not did he detect any odor of chloroform
or other anesthetic in. the room. He can
not recall anything about the appearance
or feeling of the body that would indicate
that death, 'was caused by poison or aa
anesthetic . • - : '..:.'/•:'•.¦- '-:.^: ¦
Befused to Do So When
"Sweated." . ' .
NEW YORK, Nov. 1.— Frederick Housf.
attorney for Patrick and Jones, has mack*
a later statement concerning the allege. 1
confesslop. He says he does jiot believe
Jonesfever confessed and bases his belief
on ¦ what he says Jones told him on
VVedriesday. After calling attention to tin
fact that millions are at stake in the mat
ter Mr. House said:
"The. confession is said to have beevx
made.voluntarlly Tuesday night. Mr. Os>
bcrnie says that Captain McCluskey was
not present. When I visited Jones in tha
City Prison yesterday he told me that htj
had been subjected to the third degrc •>¦
the night previous. He said that he ha<l
bfcen told that 1 wanted to see him. 'I
knew it was contrary to the regulations
for you to be admitted at that hour,' sail
Jones, 'but I went with the keeper witU
uut suspicion. I was taken past the coun
sel room into what I suppose is the
warden's office. Th*re I found Mr. Os
borne. Captain McCluskey. Captain Ba
ker, Mr. Byrne, Mr. Miller and two other
men whom 1 do not know.'
"J suppose that was one of the strang
ers who is referred to now bv Mr. Os
borne as a friend of Jones. I would llko
to have his name. Jones said that he wai
asked to make a confession. 'What dk1
they want you to confess?" I asked. 'Well.
they wanted me to confess that the
checks were forged: that the will wa;
forged, and that the old man was mur
dered.' <i
DENIES HAVING CONFESSED. .
Jones Tells His Attorney That He
chloroformed. Mr. Osborne said Jones had
spoken of hearing the old man laugh, and
he said it is well known that a certain
anesthetic produces laughter.
Mr. Osborne was also asked if in the
event of Jones' death his confession could
be used against Patrick.
"Of course not." he replied
Some one suggested that Jones* ante
mortem statement could be secured and
used.
"An ante-mortem statement," said Mr.
Gsborne. "made by a third party Is of no
use. It must be made by a party about to
die. No person knows better than Patrick
that In the event of Jor.es" death the cor.
fesslon could nut he used. He Is a law
yer. He knows that dead men tell no
tales. '
Before reavins his office Mr. Osbomo
said that he had given out all of the In
formation he Intended to give out at the
present time.
La wye r Pat r i c k , A i d ed by
Valet J ones, Adminis
ters Slow Poison.
' " • ¦ / ¦ \ ¦ -
Confession of Victim's
Servant Fol lowed by
Attempted Suicide.
DRAMATIC DETAILS OF MILLIONAIRE
RICE'S MURDER LAID BARE AT LAST
THE SAN FRANCISCO CAI/L, FRIDAY, NOVEMBER 2, 1900.
Stops the Cough
And workf off the cold. Laxative . Bromo-Qul
n!ne Tablets cure a^cold In one day. No'cure,
no pay. _ Price 25_cent* . •"
dosta, :Ga., says a fight in which knives
were used occurred on the train bringing
ATLANTA, Nov. l.-A special from Val-
2
Tfeefiiii
(CHAS. KEILUS & CO.)
¦'¦-' 0. ¦. .;'. " .'...;!;¦•¦ S.-' .: : ' ' ¦- •
- STEIN-BLOCH CO/B. L" -.: ' : '-'¦'.'
SUITS AND OVERCOATS : . f-
OF FABRICS AND FASHIONS
THATARE " ' - .'¦ V : -" • ' .;:'---.'-
EXCLUSIVELY ."•';':.• .
.. . new.' ;¦ v v ;-;.;:•'.•• '- : .:v\-
Clothiers
HACKETT; CARHART: & CO.*S
SUITS AND OVERCOATS .-
OF MATERIALS AND PATTERNS
: that have -.' - ¦ -. ' :"•- "- - : :¦¦?. ;
nevv ideas' ;;••"¦-:.¦¦;- : .• . " . .
ANDSTTLB :;v . ; = //
;; PARAGON PANTS
ARE RIGHT .--¦•;-. J '
SOLD .ONLY HERE.: .-.;: ¦ ' : -^|||§
\T) KEARN^ $t|
XtjL ;:thurlow block. ¦
6000 voters have proclaimed the best above all
the "American" clear Havana cigar. /'*
Our $1.30 hat
{ When ywsee 6ur|]f.3O:hai;|oii^wiJKpbserve that it-is far
from the run of hats:usuailj^ soldati'ticusjprice.^ It's a hat that
sells for ?2.po in stores 1 wh^ : th^'s^ltio^^
' sell the hats f or/$ 1,3a because^rvve^eltat^ clbthiersT/fprofits" and
not at hatters'. P^^^^^O»^|^Q^^^?^^ <^!':^? colors
black, brown, cedar, steel> : ;pe^rijVblue, : .-VSce them in-opur hat
window, ' • 5
Ladies'; tailor-made 1 hatfe three- shapes— -Fedora and the
large and 'small;! Oxford gray, steel blue
or brown, with: any color puggaree ; value $2,50; our price «j
V I-.;-":-.... ¦.".••¦•"¦: .'¦ .- ' '. : < •" F" r /"\- : ¦'¦ : ¦;•.•".'¦•¦. : L ". ''¦¦¦'¦¦'¦:'.-¦:¦'.'¦¦¦ .
¦ ... -; • ..-,.¦=: ¦ Ik I f-^1 B ¦..-•¦ '¦¦'¦- '¦¦'•' : '¦ ¦¦¦¦¦'¦
¦ . ;: " : -- ; -:vv- : ¦¦;¦¦• .'Hf* # -^r" : '¦•¦¦.¦"'.¦•¦¦¦ - : --- ¦-".¦¦• : ' ; "
718 Market Street.Victim of the Flood.
' SAN RAFAEL, Nov. 1.— Evelyn Browne.
Infant daughter of Mr. and Mrs. Fred
erick Browne of 'this city, died here last
night of pneumonia contracted In Galves
ton at the time of the great storm. Every
thing*.possible was done to save her, but
the cold and exposure endured In the great
flood was too much for her slight frame.
room. The atrociousness of the offense
and the death of Mrs. Gamble, the girl's
mother, when she learned her daughter
had been the victim of a brutal' assault
aroused intense excitement, and talk of
lynching Ortega was freely heard at the
time of his arrest; . ,
District Attorney Campbell fmished his
argument to the jury shortly before noon
Judge Lorleah then charged the Jury, and
at 11M5 they -retired.: At 4 o'clock they
came into court, and asked to have the
testimony of Dale Holland, a witness who
said he saw' Grace Gamble climb into Or
tega's buggy, read. This was done. The
Jury again retired to deliberate, and at 8
o'clock reached a verdict, finding Ortega
guilty as charged. • , .
Judge Lorigarr named November 16 as
the time for sentencing Ortega. Attorney
Brooks gave notice of a motion for a new
trial, and the matter. will be heard then.
Ortega, who has gained some reputation
as a prize-fighter, is 26 years of age He
is a graduate of the Whittier Reform
School, and with his brothers has been
constantly In trouble.-. One brother has'
served a term in San Quentin. two' are
now in Whittier and, one at the lone
school. ¦ • • . ¦ - r ¦ :¦' ¦ .
Wedding at San Jose.
SAN JOSE, Nov. i;— The marriage of
Deputy District Attorney Albert H. Jar
man and Mrs, Eleanor . North, daughter
of Mrs. Eleanor .Wright, was solemnized
at the First Presbyterian . Church thS
morning. The wedding was a pretty af
fair, ¦ and ,the popularity of the young
couple filled the church with friends Rev
P,£- Dinsmore -performed the ceremony!
Miss_Mamle Lukens^was mala of honor
and OHoward Alexander best man The
ushers were:. Edwin Wilco*. "W. j ej.
wards, J. E. Chase and Robert Sye'r Af
L e^ a ¦ T X? ddln S, fe S? t H the home of the
bride, Mr. and Mrs. Jarman left on a
short tour of the various resorts.
Killed by an Engine.
GAZELLE, Nov. 7 1.— The body of
Thomas . Monnehan. a young man was
found on the railroad track this morning
about three miles north of Gazelle He
was ne«n In Montague last night and had
evidently, walked . until struck by the
northbound freight. The parents of tht»
deceased, who was on . his way to visit
his brother at this place, live In Auburn
"Winship Again on Trial.
SAN JOSE, Nov. l.-The second trial of
Thomas J. Winshlp, accused of murder
for killing Frank. Narvaez in a local res
taurant, began In. the Superior Court to
day. At the first trial the Jury failed to
reach a' verdict. .
he moved to Sonoma County and located
on the old homestead where he died. A
widow and seven children survive him.
From earliest chlidhood Deacon Crane
has been associated with the Baptist
church and was one of the founders of the
First Baptist Church of Santa Rosa.
When the local church built its present
edifice Robert Crane gave more than half
the money required.
A coincidence In his death is that forty
eight years ago the first meeting of the
State Baptist convention was held in
Santa Rosa and Deacon Crane was elect
ed its first president. That same body of
Christians is in session In this city now,
almost a half a century later. This con
tention, will conduct the funeral services.
. Another fact that may be- said, of Dea
con Crane is that during his residence
near, this city he has traveled over 16,000
miles to attend church in Santa Rosa.
¦In Deacon Crane's death Sonoma Coun
ty lost one of her oldest citizens and most
honorable Christian gentlemen, and ' the
Santa Rosa Baptist church one of its
strongest supporters.
SAN JOSE HANDICAPPED.
Narrow Boundaries.
Poor Census Showing Because of Its
SAN JOSE. Nov. 1.— The narrow limits
of San Jose mitigated against the city In
the census report, and instead of being a
city of over 30,000 and occupying fourth
place in the list of cities of the State it is
accredited with only 21,500. The returns
of San Jose Township show a population
of 31.9S7. which virtually represent the
city. and Its suburbs, all contrlbutary to
San Jos?. This city covers the smallest
territory of any city in the State. Its
boundaries have never been extended as
in other cities. At least 10.000 people live
Just outside the limits of the city, within
twenty minutes! ride of the center of busi-
n es . s ; i^ lth T a reasonable extension of .the
limits San Jose would be a city of 30.000.
The subject of extension has 'been talked
of for some time, but now it is believed
the matter will be pushed.
¦>
Burglar Captured.
CHICO, Nov. 1.— Charles Freeman, who
has-been under suspicion by the police for
some time past, was captured last night
while in the act of breaking into NIchola*'
hardware etore. Freeman was kept In Jail
all night, but this morning escaped from
the corridor and was later arrested in
company with Charles Pessler. In a room
occupied by the men were found several
.new pistols and a new shotgun recently
stolen from L. L. Hubbell ? s hardware
store in this city. It Is believed these are
the men who have perpetrated several
burglaries in this vicinity during the last
summer. Pessler Is known to be an ex
convict. • .
UTXEB£STS THE COAST.
Pensions Issued, Postmasters Ap-
pointed and Postal -Changes.
: "WASHISG'TOX, >*ov. 1.— Postmasters
coEOTjissloned'., California— William F.
Sechrest, Doble;' Olive Jackson. Escalon.
Postmasters; appointed: California—
Palmdaie. 1 Los" .Angeles County. John A.
Seherer. vice.K. L. Bulkley. resigned
Oregon— Shanlki; Wasco County, Wil
liam" Holder, vice J. D. Wilson, resigned.
The. Corn Exchange National Bank of
Chicago has been approved as reserve
f^ent for the First National Bank at
Long Beach, Cal.
granted: California-Original-
Edwin R^ Laws. San Francisco. $6; Henry
Baunv. Railroad Flat. $>; Thomas Carter
SS feS&Sft fS; Joseph X. WadeT Murl
£•*' f 5 .',, ul!Ilam "earne. San Francisco.
Ptw^i 110 ?- 211 T Henry T A ' Rothrock.
KI\erside. fs. Increase— Ira Grav Gil-
OldR ' F^iltvale.
Stockton. Is increase - Jam « T. May!
Earth, Mar-
Special Dispatch to The Call
SANTA ROSA, Nov. 1-Deacon Robert
Crane, one of the oldest pioneers of thir
State, died at his home near this city to
day. He had been ill for several weeks
and his death was expected. He was sur
rounded by .his family, who did all that
loving hands coul.d do to make his last
moments r>ea.ceful.
Robert Crane was born in Mercer Coun
ty, Kentucky, December 8. 1S22, and when
but a young man emigrated to California,
crossing the plains with ox teams. In 1S31
OFFICERS CHOSEN AT
BAPTIST CONVENTION
Board of Managers Tenders a Highly-
Gratifying Report and Chico
Is Chosen as Next Meet- :
ing Place.
— — ? ¦ ' ¦'.¦¦.
. . Special Dispatch to The Call. ..
SANTA ROSA, Nov. 1.— Thursday was a
busy day for the General Baptist Conven
tion of Northern and Central California,
which is in session at the First Baptist
Church In this city. Reports, of various
committees were read and a number of
addresses were made by prominent
clergyman from different parts of the
State.. Officers for the ensuing year were
also elected.
The report of the board of managers
showed that they, were entirely out of
debt and have money over. During the
last year twenty-eight missionary pastors
were employed at an expense of JSOoO. The
board also gave liberally .toward a new
church building at Palo Alto and at the
beginr'ng of the year it had an indebted
ness of J3000. The officers elected were:
President. Dr. C. II. Hobart of Oakland;
vice presidents — M. Slaughter. of Chico, T.
S. Young of San Jose and J. M. Weller of
Fort Bragg; corresponding secretary, E.
R. Bennett of Oakland; recording secre
tary. George E. Dye of Willows. ;
1 he new board of managers are: E. A.
Wood of San Francisco, F. S.. Lawrence,
of San Jose. W. L. Gaston of Santa Rosa.
Thomas Baldwin of Alameda, Mrs. Sun
derland of Oakland. Mrs. A. L. Johnson of
Oakland, Mrs. J. M. Mayes of Dixon and
A. M. Petty of Dixon.
It was decided to hold the next general
convention at Chico the latter part of Oc
tober. 1901. This morning Rev. R. Hal
sey of Berkeley made an interesting talk
and Rev. B. F. Farmer of Anderson told
of the work being done amoni? the In
dians. Rev. S. J. Nunn of Stockton read
a paper on Mexico and Rev. Charles Car
roll of Red Bluff made an address. Dur
ing the evening Rev. A. P. Brown or
Fresno spoke on.. "Francis Wayland."
Rev. T. G. Brownson. president of Cali
fornia College, Edst Oakland, gave an ad
dress on "Our Present Problem of Edu
f£.«? n i ., The conv ention will continue
until Sunday evening.
STEAMER EVA LOST.
Was Bound From Portland to Hong
kong With Flour.
PORTLAND. Nov. l.-A cablegram re
ceived in this city from London states
that the steamer Eva, that left Portland
October 6 with a cargo of flour for Vladi
vostok and Hongkong, has been lost at
sea. The Portland Flouring Mills Com
pany, consignors of the cargo, received
the cablegram, but they state that no
particulars were given.
Carnegie Library Contracts.
SAN DIEGO, Nov. 1.— The contracts
were awarded. to-day by the library trus
tees for the new Carnegie Public Library,
£°J w jy ch And rew Carnegie donated $50,
000. The contracts were only awarded
after some spirited competition. The suc
cessful bidders were all local contractors
and were as follows: Simpson & Plrnie,
granite and cement work, $21,074; Jame3
Shera, carpenter work. $9150; Charles Ju
lian, plumbing, $4500; James McNalr,
lathing and plaster work. J182&; A. Schra
der, painting, $1909; F. S. Hartwell. elec
tric work, $3S5. Estimated additional ex
penses, $9100. Total, $48,922. Work is to
be started on the loth of November.
Conference of Rail-way Men.
LOS ANGELES, Nov. L— T. E. Gib
bon, vice president of the Terminal Rail
road, will probably leave Los Angeles to
morrow nlgHt for .Salt Lake, where on
November 6 he will participate In an Im
portant conference between the promoters
of the Los Angeles .inti Salt Lake road.
It is expected that articles of incorpora
tion will be filed at Salt Lake on or be
fore November 20. The work of survey-
Ing is being rfepidly pushed and has been
practically completed between this city
and San Bernardino along two routes
one via Pomona and the other by way of
Fullerton.
Death Comes to Deacon Robert Crane,
One of Sonoma County's Aged
. and Most Respected
Citizens.
PASSING OF AN
AGED PIONEER
ORTEGA CONVICTED
OF BRUTAL ASSAULT
Jury Makes No Recommendations
and the Pugilist May Spend
the Balance of His Life
;;; in Prison. :
'Sner'ai Dt.sratoii to The Call. . ¦ "I
SAN JOSE. Nov. 1.— "Jack" Ortega; the
pugilist, was tn-day cpnyjete'd of. assault:
on Grace Gamble, the 11-year-old daugh
ter of J. H. Gamble; on August .25 last.
The Jury made no recommendation, and it
is probable Ortega will receive a life sen
tence. . .' : . ' ' : ." .-. ¦ . . •'
The ense has attracted a great deal of
attention. The testimony was taken be
hind closed doors, but big crowds loitered
about the courthouse, throughout the trial.
During the argument they filled the court-
CALIFORNIA has become the cen
ter of the interest of the railway
telegraphers of the country, and
all owing to the special meeting
of the Grand Division of the Or
der of Railway Telegraphers, which re
cently closed In. St. Louis. The next meet
ing of the order. will be held in San F*ran
clsco. and the telegraphers of the South
ern Pacific system are going- to try to
elect George Estes of Roseburg. Or., the
general chairman of Southern Pacific Di
vision No. 53. grand president of the order
as vindication for a slight that was heap
ed upon Estes by W. V. Powell, until re
cently grand president.
All of this hinges upon the troublesome
times that occurred just before the spe
cial meeting was held in St. Louis, of
which the removal of Estes by Powell was
but an incident. . .
W. V. Powell had been president of the
Order of Railway Telegraphers for sev
eral years. He had a high standing as an
org-anlzer, but of late had been having
trouble with nearly all of the officers
of the Qrder and among taem Estes, who,
as general chairman' of the Southern Pa
cific • Division, headed - the -argest single
division that is connected with the order.
Powell and Estes had a disagreement and
Powell removed Estes from his position.
This did not please the members of the
order .employed by the Southern Pacific.
Company, at whose head Estes stood. .As
the Southern Pacific Division Is the. larg
est division in the country, .with over
1000 members,' their displeasure, made
itself felt in the order, Estes stands
very high with the men on his 'division
and so- well among the railroad organiza
tions that when the brotherhoods were
fighting the Huntlngton insurance scheme
and a joint grievance committee was ap
pointed Estes was chosen as the general
chairman of this joint grievance commit
tee, empowered to wait upon C. P. Hunt
ington. The railroad men give much
credit to Estes for the, success of those
negotiations. ' ¦. .'. :'¦'.¦"¦ : . . ;.' : •
Then Powell had a disagreement with
Secretary- H, B. Perham' of St. Louis
when he tried to transfer money from the
insurance fund to the generalfurid of the
order. There were other disagreements,
and finally a call was made for a special
session of the Grand Division to consider
the case of President Powell, It only
requires a call signed by twenty-flye di
visions to call a special session, but forty
divisions signed the call in thin . case.
Charges were preferred against Powell
and he was removed from office and ex
pelled from. the Order of Railway Tele
graphers by a: vote of 129 to 6. " M. M.
Dolphin, nrst vice president, was. made
president and Estes was reinstated in his
position ns general chairman of the South
ern I'acltie Jjiyislon. ¦ ¦ .- ¦ ' . . .
The Southern Pacific members are now
earnestly discussing the possibility of
electing Kstes grand president at the San
Francisco convention next year. ¦ ¦¦
THE CLEVER HEAD OF THE SOUTHERN' PACIFIC DIVISION OF THE ORDER OF RAILWAY TELEGRAPH
ERS AND THE MAN WHOSE OFFICIAL DOWNFALL HE .CAUSED. ESTES MAY BOON BE ELECTED
TO FILL POWELL'S POSITION. . ' • '-'¦¦¦ ' .
Accused Blan Made No Effort to Con
ceal His Crime, but Threatened
to Mak« Way With
Himself.
Special Discatch to The Call.
SANTA CRUZ. Nov. l.-The main wit
r.e&s la the Ziepler murder case to-day
¦Ras Attorney "William Beverly Sharp of
Saa Francisco, v.ho was a brother-in-law
°' Htafc Ziegler and was at the house of
Mrs. Ziegler on the night of the crime.
Sharp told the story of being at the Zie
pler tiome the nlirht the crirrte jxvas com
m!tte<i. tnequarrelbetween Mr.'and Mrs.
Zlegler, of his retirement for the evening,
and shortly afterward how . Mrs,, Ziegler
came to the top or the stairway I'ad got a
telescope basket.' Later he heard screams
end thea Vent downstairs, where he saw
ZSetfer with both his Ehirtslceves and hj»
hands coverecj with blood. There was a
butciier knife la his hand covered with
blood.' . ¦': '¦¦ ¦¦.'¦_' ¦¦.: ¦'..¦
Sharp said: "I asked Ztegler the mean
ing of this packing up ar.d where Cad was.
He replied, 'She is down tire road.'
I said, '.Why. don't .she -come in?". He re
plied: *She^5 1 all right; she'll be In soon. 1
"He then, said, •ljnight as well tell you
I ve done the . deed:' - 1 said. "How coula
you <lp such a i.liltig?" ana -tjie r«rply was:
"She was got rig .to run away.. I couldn't
Et&nd It. f ran after he r tind tried to per
euade her 16 cuhie back..- Sh<? wouldn't
Come asd struck me !n uhe face, and that
angered me and X dJd the deed.' 1 said.
'Why didn't you make ht-r come back?'
He said. 'She fought like a wildcat." I
wished to lcxunr It 1 should gx> and see
her. He *a:d: -It is no. u^e: 1 returned
and finished the deed..' "'
Zlegler ar.d himself drank a glass of
vrhisky, and Zlagier:told him It was no
tise to warn the. Neighbors, as he would be
able.- to cut-at least one jugular vein and
bleed to : death. ' By this lime Mrs. Arm
strong was .ready, and they went down
the ,road and saw Mrs. Ziygler lying at
' the side of the road. . . ¦ ¦
Sharp was recalied this afternoon a*vd
said that Ziegltr had alwaj-s been kind to
his wife, and- that, when she threatened
to leave him Ziegier had ma4e a state
ment that he would kill himself.
Mrs. Armstrong. Mrs. Ziegler's mother,
said that after hearing. screams and when
she saw Ziegler in the. house with a.
butcher kr.lfe In his hand and blood on
' his hands and sleeves, I said, "Oh, Judge,
what have you done with Carrie?"
"He rt-plied: *I have killed her. I have
.-aone the deed. She is down the road'
I was. so horrilk-d I could hardly speak.
He then, sa}d, *lf you don't get out of the
room I will -cut my own throat before
ynur eyes." " • -- .
Sheriff" Besse testified as to going out
to ite Ziegier ranch and of finding the
l>ody in the road and Ziegler on the back
porch with his throat cut. Georce Slaf
ftet was piaeed on the stand and. as
undertaker, identified the clothes, taken
from the body of the dead woman. Dr.
H. H. Clark testified as to the nature of
the wounds. - . .
HIS TESTIMONY VERY DAMAGING
Brother-in-LawoI the Dead
Woman Takes the
Stand.
WITNESSES TELL
OF THE MURDER
OF MRS. ZIEGLER
TEE SAN FRANCISCO, CAI/L, FRIDAY, -NOVEMBER 2, 1900.
At Their Next Annual Meeting/Which Will Be. Held in
This City, the Oregonian Will Be Favorite.
RAILWAY TELEGRAPHERS MAY
ELECT GEORGE ESTES CHIEF
"JACK''- ORTEGA. FOUND
GUILTY OF HAYING AS
SAULTED GRACE GAMBLE.
Cow. Wrecks a Train.
SACRAMENTO. Nov. 1.— About 8:30 th's
morning the Placerville local train, due
to arrive here at 9:35, -was wrecked in a
cut one mile and a half east of Folsom.
The locomotive struck a cow. The en-
Rlnc. baggage car and smoking car left
the track. A wrecking train was sent out
from this city. The track was obstructed
for several hours. No on4 was • hurt In
the accident.
3
DEACOT ROBERT CRAXE.THE
AGED PIONEER, WHO DIED
NEAR SANTA ROSA.
AD VEHTISEMIENTS.
;; No doubt by this tim a
new overcoat. : With vhis assured, we want to convince you that burs is the
place io look to for an overcoat. ; Our -prices and s'yles are a drawing card at any
time; to be familiar with them is to buy .here. Just now is particularly the time
t.p buy, as we have an pvercdat sale in progress that will save you money. We
have overcoats^ at the lowest prices at .which it is safe to buy and at the highest
at which it is in keeping with economv. . '
; One value is a fine stylish black kersey overcoat with a velvet collar and
linings thai will last, the seams being -siik sewed and th? entire garment union
made, which stamps the workmanship as first class; the overcoat sells regularly
here ' for gio.oo, special price now :;¦.,¦ ':¦¦[
Some other values are: J ; /i^
Black wors'ed chev- Blue I<e;s ys and ox- 8-u? and brown ker* xmjU^BP^—
lot ovricja:s, w-ll madi forJ gray cheviots, some s» y , gr; y cheviots, tan
and lined, good ity ish velvet collars, sonis coverts, tn^lish wnio- *fe-;g^9^
length. ; phin, very swell coat«. cords, oxford eray>. ft^l^Mjj
Covert box coat« In Covert box coats in r.iglans, elc, all of \ 3L r
three shades: Tan,: /.several "hades, good . Ihtm ve'y swell, dressy V m II
an-i olive. Botti value*. ; Thcv; are coats cvrrcoats that appeal to V-^l
o( these co.its are $12 oo we c-n ihoroushly men who desire to >NBw(HBhisw
values, sale pi ic- now guarantee to give salis- c'r-ss well, all fashion- --ft^Lr^T^t^nV
lor either f -ction; price* ab'e weaves, prices #1 ' 11 ¦fi^Yii/i\
. : ;,;$7.50 :;,:.- : ,. $8 50 arid $10 :$12 50and$15 ft * W^flM\\
Boys' Top Coats t.1 *|i
We haven't- overlooked the beys on this over- yM f| flr^J^Er
coat; sale, so' have taken a number of top coats and Bflll'ti'Hu
marked the prices very low— in fact, so low that the FT [H |'||
coats can only be sold at the prices for one week, I J|i:|i|| itffll
beginning this morning. :' v : . /.-':': 'Vl-'-'^^yrO'k'-^- LLJIPJ' 11 1 j ! jjjp*
¦¦¦•;;:¦; •.. Tan covert top coat 5 , made like men's, well:;/
•ailorecl, dressy, neat and up to date, made/by us in filfflj ¦|lwl
our factory, made by the best labor; regular *$$ and e||
$7 values;, prices now: ¦¦>:¦]. '.; ...•••..;•¦ ",' y : ¦':¦'- ;^ : -*^ r }.:: : 'r~ ¦¦. ¦'.¦¦:¦ W&
.;.;¦. : ./ : Ages 3 to 13 years... ..Sv;...;;:... $3.45 H
¦:{- : -.' : ;'.''; .:•¦¦•¦ Ages 14 to 19 years. . .^.V.;.. ..$4.95 ' W
Baseball outfit, consisting of ball, bat, cap and belt, free
with every suit or overcoat in this. department.: /";; J; :;! '. ; /. ; *n^^
: Shirt waists, dozens of patterns, cheaper than you can make them, 25c each. ; :
Golf caps, plenty of pattern's and sizes; made from cloth remnants, 15c each, or two for 25c.
Out-of-town orders filled I for any article i\ia ypur 'store— customers get the same advantages as
though they bought in person. Write us— we have one department that does nothing but see that you
get the goods you want and answers your communications.-
¦7:18 Market Street.
ladies" shoes I
3b .;¦; ¦ HfS^ |
. .-" 1 As you ; ;know, we closed !¦:¦
; -S but .about all the. Lucke /;:¦;
';.': ihocs: Qur store is' now f:{:
|b v,"- stocked with brand new, <£;¦•
3; stylish, . iup-tevdate shoes. ' ga
I' with our name stamped in y
:¦ them. . This name will al-. j
£ '-¦ ways stand for. high-grade ft
" shoes at prices consistent £-.
; .i with the' ..quality; to; buy ••;
"I here is to be satisfied in the ||i
i] shoes and in the price. ;.::•
¦:; . : . Above ; picture . shows a : j-j
'¦'}. .lady's low shoe. in= enamel, |:-.'
£ patent leather br patent kid, ¦; ;'.
A has that flat, mannish style. j3
¦; with extended soles, stylish, y
Z up to date; sure to please ;:••
g the mostiastidious; price ;
1 1 S3.50 a pair. |
See the shoes and you will j~j
• ; : see that;; the price means %
% something to you. • ; :|:
% Boys' School Shoes; fine %
:}. soft uppers, hea^T finn soles. |-^
'.\ Sires n to 2..... 9^ -r 5 !:?
¦: . sizt$2%*osX-' 1 - 50 S
• : : . Mothers, if these shoes :';•
>¦ don't wear as you think they :;t
:; should, return them and try ii;
» another pair, free of charRe. »•:
V BV^ FCSMEPLY LUCKE5 * *%£ :•;
;. ¦ *¦ 832 MARKET st.SJ=" jj!¦{. ;) We, : tte Jury, and; that the said .
Jennie McKown, aged. !21 yeats, na
tivity California, occupation stenog
rapher, residence 271 1 1-2 Suiter
street, in the city and county of San
Francisco, came to ker death at the
corner of Second and Fplsom. streets, ..
in said city and county, on the 27 tit j
day of Octcber, 1900, of collapse, due &
to an 6j>eration performed; contrih- I
uting- cause, administration of chlo- -\
TOfOTUl. ".y'll^'r ¦'¦•''¦ .- v '.- :^ \H ':¦'¦ : . ¦'..¦'
And wei further -/find;; that said :
death was caused :by .«"; criminal . •:'•
abortion performed "^y; I>n KaJph : Ad- V
dison Huntingtcny «lss istrt d v]^-. -Xir;-: .^Ti 3
J>. Hill, and We fur^erfel^rgyjpriirR; ;;'[;
A- Suntington -.witli.1 .ritiird.er.-'an : -d>^r4. : Ti
J. D. Hill -wi^-ijftiiig'^ii^^^'t^^i--' 1 ;"
to. I V \
:': '. '' I* AXTSCH UL, foreman. :--.:'--..-:--; .1
; aw.PUHBnfGTON, i - -
sig.il bornstein. • • •- y ';, ?
GEOB.GE MASSHALX..
FRANK KOtfX. - : "
ALEXANDER J. COOK. ' I
J- W. DTJ^BAB^ ' '
: : ." A.W. WALLACE. ;- r -/' V^VI/tv^i :
Sister Faairats: at Inqiaest aod Disgraced PiHysflcton's
Aged Father .Weeps=--Dr a H^H Arre^
JURY CHARGES DR. HUNTINGTON
WITH MURDER OF MISS MCKOWN
them carries "a: new method to learn
French . tn six weeks'* along with him
McNulty expects to "parlez %-ods" with
the best of them, wlille LAwlesseanevej
now say .-"donnes mot" . with a fairly goo«
accent:^- •'.-" ':' '- ¦.-':}¦'•"•¦'>• .. ¦-•¦.-•.¦=.---•-;'
SCENES AT SAILING OF THE AUSTRALIA FOR TAHTTT. THE OCE
ANIC STEAMSHIP COMPAKT HAS THE CONTtL^CT TO CARRY THE
FRENCH MAJI>s:bETWEEN SAN FRANCISCO AND PAPEETE.
THE foregoing verdict ¦ wjaa; haided
to; Coroner Cole for his approval
yesterday . afternooft a^ter an In
quest into the^ cause, of ideath. of
Mies McKowri, lasting . two- houses.
The Coroner imrnedlatcly Elgried ibe-ver
dict, thus giving it his approval, and a
detective was; dispatched In hot haste to
make ,-i"h'e:' arrest ,'ot >! '1>rl : i J.;. t>.. HilJi; who.
had. left -the C*ron:er'6;oifnce!&.bout anhour
jireyiously. '"-I ; ':. [ " : \ '.- •¦ .- '.,. : ;.- : •'= "I- .V ¦ ¦'; ' ¦:., .. '
The pom plaint! charglng-the accused men
Witti the crirrie of inurdjer -was sworn to
by Mrs. ; Belle .McCottrey^, Dr. Hlli ;val :
AS MRS. BELLE McCOTTREY, SISTER OF THE MtTRDERED. GIRL.
ROSE AFTER GIVING HER TESTIMONY . FAINTNESS OVERCAME
HEll AND SHE: FELL' SWOONING TO THE FLOOR. - ;'•<>• V ¦ v; :'.-.
Now is the time to begin- preparing- your
holiday gifts. We have Just received an
extensive i supply of all the newest and
prettiest designs In articles for the art o£
fire etching,, glove and handkerchief
boxes, picture f ram«3. wine traya. book
racks and numerous other articles made
of white woods; A fresh and an immense
supply, of colored sheepskins r also a re
cent Invoice of the latest improved cvro
graphy outfits. Sanborn, Vail & - Co. 741
Market street. '•
Preparing Holiday Gifts.
Tolstoi Not -to Go to Moscow.
ST. PETERSBURG. Nov. 1.— Count" Tol
stoi fell October 26 and ' severely injured
one of . his ' hands. Consequently his in
tended removal, from his estates to Mosj
cow for the -winter has been given up.
ROTTEN,, Nov. 1.— The British tank
steamer Orange Prince, Captain Richard
eon, which arrived at this port October 29
from Marcus Hook, reports having picked
up October 12 two men named . Patrick
Roche arid. WJlllam Brown In" a boat be
longing to the American schooner Marshal
L. Adams of Provincetown. Mass. They
had become separated from their vessel
during, a fog and had been four days In
the small boat when rescued, 'having
drifted, eighty-five miles to the southward
Two Seamen From, the- American
Schooner Marshal L. Adams
. Picke-d Up at Sea.
ADRTFT IN A SMALL
BOAT FOR FOUR DAYS
LONDON, Nov. 1.— It is announced that
the twenty-five lacemakers hired by'John
Alexander Dowle, the Zionist. of Chicago,
palled from Soutliempton' October 31 for
.Zion City. The United States consular
authorities think that undoubtedly- the
men come under the provisions of the
contract law. Correspondence on the sub
ject has passed between the London and
Nottingham consulates, and the latter is
communlcatjng the matter . direct to
Washington; ¦ .. ¦•-- • . ' ,¦
lated by the Zionist Elder of
Zion City.
Contract Labor Law Possibly Vio-
IK/WIE'S LACEMAKERS MAY
BE REFUSED* A IiANDINO
CHATHAM, Mass., .Nov.M.— A fisher
man's foghorn, two hatches ' and' other
wreckage, and a dor>: bearing the name
Defender w.ere found on the shore to-dny.
During the past few days five dories be
longing to the Mary P.MoquIta and a
foghorn have been picked up along the
Cape Cod shore. The boats were badly
damaged. It Is believed that two schoon
ers, have been In collision. The Mary P.
Moqnlta. left Boston- three weeks ago and
is now a week- overdue on her . return^
She carried eighteen men. Nothing is
known here of the Defender.
Have Been in Collision With
Disastrous Results.. .
Indications That Two Schooners
WRECKAGE TOITND AXO1TO
itlASSACHirSETTS SHORE
It was the opinion of the witness that a
physician called in to" administer- an anes
thetic' should satisfy himself beforehand
not only as to. the necessity for and the
nature of the operation to be performed
but as to the. qualifications or the sur
geon. It was -not proper either, he said
that *uch dtllcate operations should be
performed in private. The patient should
have been taken to a sanitarium or hos
pital.
¦ An exhibit made to the Jury was over
whelming evidence in favor of the prose
cution and convinced the jurors that the
accused physicians had violated the- law
of the land as, well as the ethics of an
honorable profession. ¦
The aged father of Dr. Huntlngton sat
in a corner. with bowed head, as though
feeling keenly- the disgrace of his- son
When Mrs. McCottrey on the witness
stand broke down and sobbed the old man
bent hifl head -and wept In sympathy.
George D. Prechtel. the undertaker, told
the jury .that- at the request of '.Rotfert
Dayies and Mrs. McCottrey he went to-
Dr. Hiintlngtan's office at 10 o'clock on
Saturday night for the body. He found
it on the operating-table fully dressed,
with the exception of the hat and coat, -
Autopsy Surgeon Thomas B. W. Leland
told about the autopsy and its shocking
revelations. He found that a criminal op
eration..had .been performed, and that It
must have been almost -impossible for Dr
Huntingtonnot to be aware" of the girl's
condition. . =
Dr. Mill went upon the stand and .told
about the Operation. From the time that
the girl was placed upon the table until
they abandoned the attempt at resuscita
tion about- three hours elapsed. The op
eration itself, which he. said was curetting
for a female complaint, occupied about
three-quarters of an hour. He had exam
ined the girl before administering the
chloroform ar.d found that her heart was
in good condition and. that there would
be no danger j n placing her under the In
fluence of chloroform. He did not Inquire
Into the necesslty.for the operation, as he
did riot consider that : he would be held
responsible for the result. Heco«ldsee
nothing wrong in performing ari operation
of that kind lh Dr. Huntington's private
office. He and Dr. Huntlngton- graduated
froni the Collpge of Physicians and Sur
geons in this city last July, and. they were
intimate friends, he said. . ¦
Mrs. ••• "McC-ottrey's- testimony established
the fact that 'Dr. .H.urltington: and Jennie
McKjQ-wn'w'fi'C.'e.- lovers;. 'The. girl did .not
tell the witness of the intended operation,
aiid thfi witness.' believed that Dr. Hunt
ington' had '"persuaded Jennie' ' not • to do.
so. ¦'• Jt-rinie never Ttept company; with any
one/ but Dr-. "Huntingto'ri ¦ and : Robert Da
vies,' jpriitor of . the -.College of Physicians
and Surgeons, -who -was ah. old friend, of
the family and : who -was watching over
Jennie's welfare with a paternal eye at
the request. of her sister..- • :..-. .. : ;
Mr. pavies is-a.tatl Y muscular, swarthy
cornpleXioned, black, bearded man about
50 .years of age -and with the accent of a
Welshman.'.. Mr. DavJes explained the ten
der passages Ln the; letter written by him
to Jennie abouta year ago by saying that
they we're.: intended in a paternally humor
ous sense. The letter has been published
in The Call. .. ... . . ••••: •-.
Dr.i.Huni*inRtpn. .by ndvjce of- hlacoun
sel, RoMe'r.U Fertal:, decliheyj'tp'go oh, tha
witness >> and. The iriterjests of ; ;the: prose.r
cutibrt Were ..loolted after by :Charles L;
SVei.ler'; Assistant :District. Attorney.. ¦*SiIrs',
McCoitrey, a sister'. of- 'tvife. dead. girl, re
peated the Statement that; ehe had made
.to the poHce.-.ahd at :tlje conclusion of. her
testimony fell to the floor in a falrit. .Cap
tain 'Seymour .took' her unconscious .form
¦ in hfs strong .arms' -arid carried- her into
the Coroner's .private* offlee,. . where she
soon revived under the care of Matron
HarrisV.; '• ' •>-. : ¦ . •¦ - : . : ' ; .- ¦ .¦ '¦ ¦ .
' -.The friiost;. interesting .part .'.of the pro
ceedfn gs."%t.a'P.the : testimony, of. Mrs. Belle.
M^Cottrcj-; aiid-. that;O(. Dr: Iflll- and Au
topsy Surgeon Leland.-. ....... . '<??•''
arrested 'ai.'the CoAirity Jail -while ylsitlhi
his chum, t3r; : HUntrngtoh. -.: .'¦." -
The new appointments do not excite
enthusiasm, but, with, the exception of
that of Lord Lansdowne they are gener
ally approved. Mr. Ritchie is regarded as
an excellent choice. Several other chamre*
are mooted in minor, offices, but on th»
whole it looka as though Lord Salisbury
did n.ot intend any radical innovations
The appointment of Lord. Selborn hN
son-in-law, to the Admiralty, chaJle'neM
the moat criticism. ; The Earl has a X[
reputation, but It la 1 felt that a more dis
tinguished man should have been ap
pointed to such an important post *
• Among the most- probable new appoint
ments i* thnt of George Wyndhami who
waa Parliamentary Under Secre^'r/o?
State for War. to succeed Gerald Baft our
as Chief SecretarySfor Ireland. 6lr Mat-
-LONDON'; Nov. 1.— Queen- Victoria has
approved the appointment of. Lord Salis
bury as Premier and Lord Privy Seal, the
Marquis of Lansdowne' as" Secretary of
State for ' Foreign -Affairs, Mr. William
St. John Broderick as Secretary, of State
for War. the Earl of Selborn as First
Lord of the Admiralty and Mr. C. T.
Ritchie as Secretary of State ' for Home
Affairs. - - ...
Appointees to. the. Cabinet
of England Officially
Announced.
MEET fllH THE
QUEEN'S APPROVAL
HE Oceanic Steamship Company's
.' . jj ' mail boat Australia got away on
; -.1 : her first t'rlpuo Tahiti on time yes
*'M. ¦ : terday. .Captain Howard, marine
-. • ' superintendent of the company,
had the' vessel* In the very best of trim,
and she -.went away looking more like a.
yacht. than a merchantman. ;•" ' ' . '.
¦A big 1 ; croWd was- down to see the ocean
liner away, and Judging from the number
of people wlio are making the. excursion
for the -first time the line is sure to'be
come popular.- Among those' who .went
away In the cabin were: W, J. Adams
and wife. D. Atwater and wife. Charles
E. Benjamin. T. H. Beriton. \V. H. Bull,
J. Burns, Mrs; O. B. Burns. F< M. Cartan,
A. L. Crane, Alex Dain, John T. Gilmar
tin and wife,. Miss Goupil, Sister Phillippe
Boutelle, Sister . Patrice Graves, Sister
Emma Guegnebaud, Charles A. Keeler,
wife and child,. Sister Vlctoire Ketterle,
Captain John Leale arid wife. Sister Odlle
I^echner. J. Niebuhr, A." Peterson. C. LI
Tllden.Mlss E. Valentine, Miss E. Vin
cent, C. M. AVaagej H. F; Woods, G.
Wright, G. T. Wright and Mrs. W. H.
Wright.. : ... : . '
D> Atwater is the United States Consul
at Papeete, and the ;Sisters Of Mercy. have
come all the wny from Paris to minister
to the wants of the natives in Tahiti. Cap
tain John Leale is the master of the ferry
steamer Bay City.- 'He will make the
'round trip to the islands and expects to
be back on hjs rim again next Decembpr..
The Australia took . away seventy-one
passengers -.in ail'- Qt those twentjvsl.x
.were in the j»teerag*». All of them will be
well taken care, of by Chief "Steward
James Barry, who gees out in charge of
the culinary department. - .:¦
.The advent of the Australia at Papeete
will be a red letter. day. in the history of
the colony. Hitherto the colonists have
had to depend on a service via Samoa,
Fiji, Australia and the United States, to.
France, or' else ' by sailing vessels .from
Papeete to San Francisco. Now they will
have a direct service by as 'fine a vessel
as sails in- and out" of San Francisco.
The officers wJio took out the Australia
are: R. T. Lawless, commander; J. S.
Richards, chief engineer; Dr. .H. J. Mc-
Nulty. surgeon;" F.. M. Buc.klin. purser,
.and" James 'Barry, chief steward. All of
these gentleman-' have been studying
French, for ,a month past and each one of
-BERLIN, Nov. 1.— The evening papers
printed a seml-offlciai statement that
answers to thp Anglo-German agreement
had bp«»n received from all the • power*.
France and Rnssla'making a reservation
regarding ATtlcl*» III similar to that made
by the United Staips,- nnd Janan making
no preservations whatover. This .result
catj?es much satisfaction In official circles
In Germany, which eitjpha'slze the conten
tion that article III is divested of all im
portance, Inasmuch ns all the powers have
accepted articles T nnd II. • ¦<•' . •'.
'The papers publish a Washington flls
natch giving the text of the answer of th«.
United State?, but they do not comment
Upon it. ¦
¦ The alignment of the powers on the
British-German .agreement is now com
plete. . Aside from- Italy and ..Austria,
•whoso adherence to the njrreement was
expected, owing to their, political relations
with Germany. Japan, is the only one" o?
the' powers which has given unconditional
assent .to the agreement.- As -the matter
now stands flve-of the powers are united
on all of the terms of the agreement, viz.:
Great ¦Britain. Gerrnnny, Italy; Austria
and .Janari: -three of.tho' powers— thf»
Un-1 ted ; States. FYance ami Russia— accept
the' clauses relating, to the open -door ami
the territorial- integrity of • China, but
withhold action on. the third. clause relat
ing- to further procedure- in case any
power • seizes territory. Neither the
State Department nor - the Russian ' Em
bassy, has received information of
Russia's answer.- though it has been an
nounced that the. reolv' wps received at
the'-- British Foreign Office October 30 aritt
¦'unreservedly accepted ¦ the ' first two
clauses. In regrird to the third clause.
Russia. ' referred the . two . contracting
parties to the Russian circular of April 25.
saying that she would modify- her atti
tude according: to circumstances.
CALL BUREAU, WELLINGTON
HOTEL,' WASHINGTOIN, Nov. 1.— A
method has been adopted for. settling the
indemnity- question -in connection with
the Chinese negotiations that the authori
ties feel confident will result In effecting
a settlement, 'so far, at least, as China is
concerned. ••
• This contemplates the agreement on the
part of the Ministers in China upon ¦ a
sum which will cover, the claims for In
demnity held by the several, powers and
of requiring its payment by the imperial
Government. When thi'e demand has been
complied with ,the powers . will decide
upon the distribution I Of the amount
exacted. If there should- be any difficulty
in determining upon tjl$ distribution that
will be. equitable and satisfactory, then
the United States proposes that the mat
ter be referred, to the court of arbitra
tion of The Hague. •'¦'
Favorable as the administration is to
the use of arbitration, thougH as a last
resort, it is apparent to the -authorities
that 4t is not satisfactory to GermanyanO
Great Britain. This opinion is derived
from the fact that, so far as this Govern
ment is informed, neither of these powers
has officially noticed, the Russian suggest
tioir for- arbitration of the indemnity ques
tion in case of protracted divergence of
views.' In order to insure' sach a solution
the consent -of -those powers would neces
sarily have to be obtained.
It Is: proposed D y the President and
Secretary Hay . to continue the present
policy of negotiation until the Ministers in
Peking have" formulated their demands.
Of course, China's compliance will follow
and then the attention of the powers will
be invited to the question of distribution
of the indemnity. Should, negotiations
then occur to show that the powers can
not reach an agreement, the Russian sug
gestion'will be advocated . and pressure
will be- brought : to bear upon the re
calcitrant Kovernments to cause them to
join in the movemerk.. • ' '
Several representatives ' of European
powers called- upon Secretary Hay to-day
and discussed the Chinese question and
especially the Anglo-German agreement.
The rer>lles of France and Japan to the in^
vltations of ' Great Britain and Germany
to assent to the.. Anglo-Gorman agreement
have not been communicated to the State
Department, but the officials have reason
to believe that .they are as announced in
the; press dispatches this morning.
France's position is identical with that of
the United States and It is presumed. that
Russia will make a reply in similar terms.
if she has not already "done -^o.. Three
nations— Great Britain. Germany and
Japan-^have therefore reserved to them
selves the right to come to a preliminary
agreement for the protection of their- own
Interests in case another power should
take any action looking to the seizure of
territory .- All the nations have declared
themselves in favor of the integrity of
the. -empire and the .aim of this Govern
ment' will be. as It has been In the past,
to. tee that no step. in the direction of par
tition-is jaken. . . . - ¦ .
Plan of State Department, It
¦Is Thought; Will Be
<: Satisfactory.
Alignment . of , the Various Powers
Relative to; the Agreement Be
tween England and Ger
..; -'..:.- many Now Complete.
WILL ADJU ST
THE INDEMNITY
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, NOYEMBER 2, 1900.
Australia- M Perfect Trim, for Voyage— ; Royal : Wei
come Is "ExpectedVProm French C6Ip|n^.
FIRST MAIL STEAMER SAILS
FROM THIS PORT FOR PAPEETE
4
AD VESTlSEiaENTS. *
Look, out for that silent vote that al-
ways goes for Dr. C. C. D'Donnell. He
¦will be elected to Congress by the blg-gest
majority of any candidate, as he Is the
only nominee that", represents the great
issue of the curse of coollelsm and Japs.
He is the man that -will secure a renewal
of the res>rJ^lQjj, act. . - •
These sliirts have been in the. store .-.scarcely a Ayeek,
and having come: from . America -s - fashion- center-— B
V New York— you may know that they are the season's la-. ||
test creation. They are made of good pircale and come ' W
in about a dozen patterns, pair of separate link cuffs with ' M
each shirt, full size and length. Sizes to fit any. normal'. M
man. ; . __ ; '^-^- r - ;; - - -. .«.. |
]i If you intend buying an umbrella or mackintosh our @
I line -will interest you, and the prices— well, . they will be *j|
just what you will pay. .[ "..-','. fe
1 WELSBACH LIGHT
Reduces Cost of Lighting 83^96
$0% Saving in Qas 300$ increase in Light $
WELSBACH COMPANY I
'jtJL ¦ ¦ ' - ft-* ¦ 113 ft, A Ww m ¦ ¦' '¦¦'.'• £S*IThe inventory and appraisement of the
late Berry Marks waa filed yesterday.
The estate, which consists chiefly of real
estate In Ukiah, Santa Rosa, Cloverdalo
and San Francisco. Is valued at 1133,683 85.
Berry Marks' Estate.
Believes Harris Insane.
When William Harris, charged with
burglary, was placed in chains in Judge
Dunne's court for removal to the jail he
fell asleep and otherwise acted so unnatu
rally that Judge Dunne questioned his
sanity. Harris will, in consequence, be ex
amined by the Lunacy Commission to-day.
W. Freund of 2705 Bush street filed suit
yesterday against his next door neighbor,
James A. Freeman, to recover $1500 dam
ages' for trespass. Freund alleges that
Freeman invaded his home and nailed up
the bathroom window, shutting out light
and air from the same and otherwise in
jured his home..
Neighbors Quarrel.
A few months ago Tamalpais Camp of
the "Woodmen of the World and Western
Addition Camp of'the same order entered
into a friendly membership increasing
contest, the members of the one gaining
the greatest number in three months to
be the guests of those of the other at a
banquet. Tamalpais was the winner, and
the banquet was served Wednesday night
in the social hall of the Alcazar building.
There were present about 120 members of
the order. Including Past Head Consul M.
T Head, the consul commander of each of
the local camps and many lesser lights.
M S de Rocco was chairman of the even-
Ing and after the supper called for re
marks from a number of those present.
Between the remarks he introduced vocal
and Instrumental numbers. Among the
speakers were Charles G. Hlnes, Laurence
Vincent. Ben Fencbman, W. A. Bhaw and
Dr. M. B. Est««. -/-• i. «. .
Tamalpais Camp Won the Wager.
NEW YORK. Nov. 1.— The Evening Post
pays to-day: Negotiations are under way
for placing a portion of the Swiss Railway
loan in this country. One or two firms
have the matter under consideration, but
until en agreement has been reached the
New York agents for receiving United
States subscriptions will not be nn
nounced. The bonds are of the Chemln do
Fer Central, guaranteed by the Govern
ment, and will aggregate an $S,OuO 000 is
sue. One of the firms that will have the
bonds for sale said to-day that 4 per cent
interest would likely be named. On that
basis subscriptions will be taken at nearly
par. but if a 3% p«r cent subscription i3
decided upon the bonds will sell several
points lower. Final details have not yet
been decided upon.
SWISS RAILWAY LOAN
MAY BE PLACED HERE
Police Judge Cabaniss.
Mrs. Nona Draude, 30 Bernard street,
appeared before Judge Cabaniss yester
day for sentence on the charge of battery
upon Miss Jennie Bole, 1611 Jones street.
Two weeks ago she was fined $10 for bat
tery upon Mrs. Margaret Kerr, 1610 Jones
street, Misa Bole's sister.
Mrs. Kerr and Miss Bole were in court
and in answer to the Judge said that Mrs.
Draude*s. conduct had not improved and
she was constantly insulting them. Then
Mrs. Draude let loose her tongue and she
berated the sisters in language that
startled every one in court. The Judge
vainly tried to silence her and it was not
until he had threatened to ¦ send her to
1ail for contempt that she subsided.
During the lull the Judge said he would
imoose a fine of $5 upon Mrs. Draude and
he warn"*! her that if she came before
him again she would be severely punished.
"There's your money." said Mrs.
Draude as she clapped a $5 gold piece on
the bench, "and there s plenty more where
that came from. You re not the only
JudK© on. the- bench, if I am arrested
again, and don't you forget -It. I will
get justlc* the next time in another
C °Sh* had lttt }h9 cqurtrpo® .before the
Mrs. Nona Draud«, Convicted of Bat
tery, Succeeds in Outtalking
JUDICIAL THREAT HAS
NO TERROR FOR HER
The Judge advised them to get warrants
for her, arrest for using vulgar language
and disturbing the peace, but after think
ing over the matter they decided not to
do eo. '..¦¦¦
In a few minutes the sisters returned to
the courtroom and informed the Judge
that Mrs. Draude had threatened them
outside and used vulgar language. She
told Mls3 Bole, "Go in and tell the Judge
that I've got $5 more. If we weren't
where we are I'd smash you now."
Judge had recovered from his surprise at
the verbal onslaught.
"Well." he remarked, "that Is the worst
case I have had before me. I would
rather try ten murder cases than have
that woman before me again."
A bucket brigade was formed and the
flames were soon extinguished with but
slight damage to the boat. The fire wa$
caused by the overturning of a coal oil
lamp.
When he next wakened it was midnight
and the boat's Newfoundland dog Dewey
was pulling and hauling at him in fran
tic efforts to arouse him. The cabin of
the boat was ablaze and the stifling smoke
had, nearly robbed the sleeping man of
consciousness. It is doubtful if Meruzzlo
would have been able to save himself.
Help, however, came from shore and he
was dragged from the cabin.
George Meruzzio Narrowly Escapes Death
on the Burning Sloop Ona.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SAN RAFAEL, Nov. 1.— Captain George
Meruzzio of the sloop Ona had a narrow
escape from being burned to death in the
cabin of hl3 boat while anchored at the
mouth of Greenbrae Creek last night.
That Meruzzlo is alive to-day is due to
the prompt action of his faithful dotr.
which roused him and partially dragged
him from the flames.
The boat is used for carrying vegetables
and was anchored at the mouth of the
creek. The captain's assistant had gone
ashore, and when bed time came the lone
navigator turned In and soon fell asleep.
CAPTAIN'S LIFE IS SAVED
BY HIS FAITHFUL DOG
SAN DIEGO.. Nov.' 1.— A petition to de
termine the heirship and title to the estate
of the late John M, Lapp, valued at
about $40,000, was filed in th« Superior
Court, to-day by Attorney J.. S. Callen,
representing the son, John F. Lapp, who
claims that the widow. Kate B. Lapp, was
iiot legally married to the deceased, be
cause trie marriage took place within less
than a year after she had obtained a di
vorce. About $15,000 of the estate is in
this city and the remainder is in Denver.
The greater part of It is in cash. .
John F, Lapp Is the only son of the de
ceased and is the stepson of the widow.
The only other person claiming an Inter
est in the estate is May Belle Lapp, a 13
year-old daughter. The son. in his peti
tion, represents that Kate B. Lapp 1b not
entitled to inherit any of the estate as the
widow or otherwise of the deceased for
the reason that her alleged marriage to
John M. Lapp occurred In this county on
July: 31. -'1893. -and that within less than a
vear prior thereto, on April 29, 1S99, she
obtained a divorce In the Superior Court
of this county. : ' ¦
The ion also asks that a guardian may
be appointed for the daughter May Belle
to represent her interest In the estate. The
son also filed notice of a motion to vacate
the order for a family allowance of $lo0
a month on tne ground that it Is an Im
proper and unjust charge and is unnec
essary for the support of the family of
the deceased.
John F. Lapp also petitioned for a cita
tion directing the widow, who is the ad
ministratrix of the estate, to render an
accounting. It is claimed that letters
were issued to her on October 27, 18r.9, and
that more than a year has elapsed slnca
that time, during which no account has
been flled. In the petition the Bon says
he is Informed and believes that the ad
ministratrix has loaned out a consider
able portion of the money of the estate
without any order of the court and that
much of the estate has passed from, her
hands upon: insufficient security.
Last Marriage of Deceased
; Capitalist Is Said to ;
Be Illegal.
DISPUTE OVER
THE LAPP ESTATE
The body of H. C. A. Scnmidt waj
found In the ruins of 101 Warren street
opposite the Tarrant building, to-dav'
This is the first body found. Mr. Schmidt
was an engraver. Several people say they
saw him in the street Just before the
building was destroyed and that he
rushed back to get some valuable papers
and thus lost his life. y«pe.3
Field Marshal B. Seery and Superin
tendent Murray in the morning resumed
the secret Inquiry into the accident. As
sistant rHstrlct Attorney Walsh was pres
ent and took a hand In the inquiry.
Joseph Bachrach, a merchant, who was
Injured in the explosion Monday, died to
day. The search for bodies In the Tarrant
wreckage was kept up all night, but none
was found.
Testimony regarding tha cause of the
fire and the explosion taken tc-day and
yesterday was laid before the District
Attorney late this afternoon.
NEW YORK, Nov. l.-Work on the
ruins of the Tarrant building and the ad
jacent property was pushed to-day to the
full limit of the contractors' power. The
shift of men which went to work durin?
the early part of the evening numbered
4S0. The best efforts of the force weTo
exerted in "Warren street, which the con
tractqrs hope to clear by Saturday noon.
The search for the bodies Is being pushed
in the northeast corner of the Tarrant
building, where were the stairways down
which it is rumored the girls employed by
the firm made a rush to escape Just be
fore the explosion took place. No bodies
were found at this spot during the early
part of the evening, nor anything which
would indicate the near presence of
bodies.
Victims of the Explosion in
Tarrant Building
Recovered.
TWO BODIES ARE
FOUND IN RUINS
Society is shocked and surprised at the
denouement, but Mr. Earl has never min
gled prominently therein and the lady
lias all its sympathies. Their friends de
clare that It is simply a case of a mis
mated couple having agreed to disagree
since they discovered that their tastes
and tempers were not compatible.
It is rumored that Mr. Earl has com
pounded the alimony and the lady re
ceives $200,000. Bishop & Wheeler of San
Francisco and Anderson & . Anderson of
Los Angeles were the attorneys for Mr.
Earl and Blcknell, Gibson & Trask repre
sented Mrs. Earl.
Mr. Earl married her before he had at
tained his vast wealth. The Earl mansion
on Wilshire boulevard is medieval and
funereal In design and was built accord
ing to Mrs. Earl's taste, but it is said to
have never suited the fruit man's ideas
of a happy home.
K. T. Earl is the president of the Earl
Fruit Company and of the Continental
Fruit Express and is reported to be sev
eral times a millionaire. Mrs. Earl is a
prominent figure in local society and a
liberal patron of music and the arts. Her
girlhood homo was in the country on the
banks of the Sacramento River, where
LOS ANGELES. Nov. 1.— Every precau
tion has been taken that the matrimonial
difficulties of E. T. Earl, the millionaire
fruit man, should be settled in court with
the greatest secrecy and the utmost dis
patch. While a decree of divorce was
granted on the technical grounds of ex
treme cruelty and desertion the counsel
for the litigants had so arranged mat
ters that It took Judge Fitzgerald only a
few minutes to hear and decide the case.
Millionaire Secures Divorce on the Ground
, of Extreme Cruelty.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
TROUBLES OF THE EARLS
ARE VENTILATED IN COURT
The defendant's attorney asked for a
continuance to bring witnesses to testify
as to her character and the Judge put the
case over till to-morrow morning.
• Mrs. ¦ Bigler asked to be permitted to
ppeak and- she remarked that every word
Mrs, Saunders had said was untrue. Mrs.
Sylvester, also asked a similar privilege
and she said that Mrs. Kearns was one
of the. kindest and best of women. She
remembered that one day the turkey was
bad, but it was the fault of the cook.
Mris. Bigler did not need any. instruction
frcm her, Mies Saunders said, but she was
sure. Mrs; : Keafns had •¦ benefited by . it:
Mrs. Kearns once gave her skimmed milk
for cream and she had also partaken of
the rotten turkey, but she had. a stronger
stomach than her mother and it did not
affect her much. • -.: ¦ '. ¦ • •• :
ditlonal 510, her mother having already
paid -'her. $30, but witness told her to pay
them and they would pay her. When, they
left Mrs. • Kearns was In the i I yard arid
said to her:. "I'm thankful to goodness to
be rid of yoij." . . . ...
MISS SAUNDERS HELPS HER
. BOARPIXO- HOUSE CREDIT
BY TEACHING ELOCUTION.
In answer to the Judge,. Mrs. fiaunders
paid she left Mrs. Bigler's house because
the last named had an ugly- temper, and
every day had a.- new- cook.- ¦• A Chinese
servant used to chase Mrs.. Bigler all over
the house with a broom handle to kill her.
The defendant said she was sick and
could r.otptand the racket. She had no
meney at the time, but promised to pay
Mrs. Saynders testlfled that .she .was
never : Known, by . any other name than
Mrs. : SaunderR. ¦ Previous- to i going • to
Mrs. • Kearns' house 'Slxet and her daushter.
t>oar<Jed with a. Mrs. Johnson, at 1107 Van
>i'ess avieniie, and she .told Mrs.' Kearns
that her driughter had given Mrs. Johhr
son's daughter, lessons in:-. singing and
elocution, which made their board bill less
than f 40. She was told to bring her
daughter along and they had .a talk. Mrs;
Kearns being charmed with Ml.«s Saun?
ders. Mrs. '.Kearns:. said she . would .like
to learn the ;J>eIsarte movements and elo
cution, and itiss Saunders agreed to. teach'
her. .For. this 510 was to be taken from
the monthly, bill. The defend.ant said
ehe paid .Mrs. Kearns .. J20 ' when
Ehe went : to the -house, -but' did
not get a receipt, as Mrs. Kearns said' her
hand, was stiff and: she could- not .write.
When half. -the -month was over Mrs..
Kearns asked for. more money, and 'she.
got • $10.' but no receipt was given. '.That,
with the J10 for instruction, liquidated the
board bill.. Mrs; Sa under s said she- left
Mrs. ¦Kearnsi' house because one day she
got rotten turkey for dinner and It made
her sick. . They left the house about 7:80
o'clock in the morning, and Mrs. Kearns,
who was in the yard, saw them and paid
something to Miss Saunders. '•
1S13 Clinton street Alameda, testlfled that
TV hen she Kept a.: boarding-house; on Ma
son street, this city, about ten years ago,
the defendant and^ her daughter, who was
then: known as Mrs. and Miss Watson,
boarded with her and left .without paying
..their bill of 140; ¦¦¦':.. ' ..- ¦ '.-. • . .• ; .-
The evidence of the prosecution and of
the defendant and her daughter was so
entirely contradictory that the Judge was
FatiEfted gross perjury had been commit
ted, and when the case is concluded to
morrow morning some: Interesting de
velopments may be expected. .Louis H.
"Ward of the District Attorney's office
h«r fiaujrhter go to a faFhlohable
boardinp-house -they enter Into ; et\ ¦ agree
mer.t that part of the boar4; jnot:'t > y 'Is to
be taken out. !n: lessons In ;the . Delsarte
iftovement and elocution, taught ty Miss
Sivnders to the landlady or some mem
1>er of her family. M;s. Saunders was.ac
tijsed before Judge Conlan. yesterday of
dofraudine an innkeeper by lea^-lng the
boardlngr-house . of Mrs. Lizzie Kearhs.
34 11 ? Leavenworth street, without notify
ing the landlady that she was going and
without liquidating .her board, bill of J40.
ACCOHDING to .Mrs. Helen Saun
ders, the •wealthy : woman ; from
Sail Rafael, who Is accused of be
ing a, "dead beat,"- "when she and
specially prosecuted, and the defendant
was represented by Attorney Hawkins.
Mrs.; Kearns testified to the defendant
and her daughter calling- at her house
about the beginning of : July. Continuing
she said that the defendant represented
that f=he was a Mrs. Emerson from Peta
luma on a visit to the city .with her
daughter/ They remained in the house for
a month and left surreptitiously without
paving their boaxd bill of $40. On cross
exaininationMrs. Kearne was asked If
she had not agreed to take lessons from
Miss Saunders in the Delsarte movement
and ; elocution, for which/ $10 ' was to be
deducted; and she Indignantly denied it. .
Mutthcvr O'Donnetl and Mrs. A. AL Syl
vester, boarders with Mrs. Kearnst testi
fied that the defendant was known as
Mr? Kmerson and her: daughter as Miss t
Emerson. Mrs. La lira Bigler. 931 Chest
nut street, Alameda, .testified • that . the
defendant and her daughter boarded with
her last May and left without paying their
bill cf $17 1.0. The defendant had paid her
at the Hall of Justice Monday morning,
when she was to appear as a witness
against her. At Mrs. Bigler's the : de
fendant was then known as Mrs. Watson
and her daughter as Alias Watson. Wil
liam Pic-rpon. a boarder with Mrs. Bigler,
testified that the defendant was known
as Mrs. Watson. Mrs... Julia A. ;Halght,
Mrs. Blgler. She did not know Mrs.
Height. - . ¦ . • •
Misa Saunders. who is about 21 years of
age, ¦• testified In corroboratlon of her
mother about the agreement to give les
sons in Delsarte and elocution, principally.
pronunciation, for which $10 was to bo de
ducted. She was a graduate of the High
School, San Jose, and learned the Del
sarte movement from Mrs. Ellis, she said/
She taught Mrs. Kearns "Curfew .Shall
Not. Ring To-night," and said that Mrs.
Kearns used to recite it before her board
ers at her weekly receptions.
"Do you mean to tell me that you
taught her that?" asked the Judge, and
Miss Saunders replied: "Why, it was her
favorite piece."
"Well, • retorted the 'Judge, "she
should get six years." '.-..
"Mrs. ICearns," continued Miss Saund
ers, "also learned 'Cleopatra,' r. as she
said it was so sentimental, and we were
reading 'Guido and Beatrice' when mother
and I left. It was a lurid selection."
"What did the Delsarte movement con
sist -of?" asked the Judge. "How to
sling hash, how to deftly snatch hairs
from the soup, or what?"
"Oh, no," said Miss Saunders. "It la to
giva grace and elegance to the figure."
Continuing she said that before they left
Mrs. Kearns asked her mother for the ad -
miss Sauriders; -Teaefres Mrs. Keens' "Curfew Shall. Not
Ring To=Naght?' to Lessen Board 'Billy ,:
INSTRUCTING LANDLADIES
IN ELOCUTION AND ELEGANCE
THE SAis -FKA-JSiJlbCO CALL, FRIDAY, NOVEMBER 2, 1900.
5
[1 >PATENTsf 2
>fintfy 33U MARKET SLsT^ay
1A/. X. HESS,
KOTABY TVi'ulO ANJ) ATTOKUKZ-AT-LATT.
Tenth Floor. Room 1015, Claus Spreckela Bide.
Telephone Brown S31.
Residence, £21 California it, below PoweiL
¦¦¦ : v ' ' 6aa FrucUca,
Price 25 cents. All druggists, or sent post
paid on receipt of price. DR. PAUL DE
FORD. 17S N. Spring St.. Los Angeles. Cal.
A visit OR- JORDAN'S orcatj I
kUSEUM OF ANATQMYi
A Ch 1331KA2SXtBr.Ut.e-i»7a.5.r.Cal.| '
\ Xjf The Largest Anat staieil Mtueum ha tbe
A _^>JlL_ W'oitd. Wenfcoetsot or any contracted ¦
7 jJj£&iT diiene pc»ill»ely c«r«4by theoldtjt '
i I OR. JCRDAN-PRrtATE DISEASES <
A a jjpmtM Tn lament per^omliy t>z by letter. A M
\O T «|B /*»Hv« CVrom nrsijr ciie oncl'mkeo. T
A El f \\fk Writefor Ibntc. PHILOSOPHY ef A
W ¦ |{ IJT 9SAUB1AGE. MAILED FS8S. (AT
1 Q 11' »*!uibla book for mra> . \
9 DE JOEBAS A CO.. I0S1 Market St.. 8. F. 9
PALACE AND"
GRAND HOTELS
The beat evidenc* of tha popularity of
thesa hotels can b« found m th» continued
patronage of those who oa some previous '
occasion have made them their bead-
quarters when vlsltlnr San Francisco.
Connected by a covered paasageway and
operated under one management oa the
American and European plan.
DR.PIERCES K
GOLDEN
MEDICAL
DISCOVERY
FOR THE .
BIOOP.LIVER.LUNGS.
JS*^<g!g35>»£»>i W Big CJ la a non-potoonona
r*med7 for Gonorrhea.
JfotSbr CCUEs^irt Gleot. 3 par ma to tr ha -a,
JSBM^lal to&d»ji.^H Whites, unnatnral du-
BWy On»r»at«d f| charge, or any infuwnma-
B|«a»JJ oat u> ttrlatsrs. tioc, irritation or ulcera-
gjJPnniiu nouiug, tion of raucoai mera-
jfa» t'HEEvm CHEMjOtCa. braaes. Non-nstriagfnt.
l^KLc;!1C!'«UTl,0.E ! [3 Sold by *>ruaxI«U,
.ISA V. S.A. 5«4 or Bea * '» plaia wrapper,
iHffiWfk by expreita, prepaid, for
"• 6» Circular sent oa requcct.
RPTTQWT7Q r0R barbers, uak.
OriUOxlEiO «". bootblacks, bath-
houses, billiard tables.
brewers, bookbinders, candy-makers. canner.V
dyers, flourmlUs, foundries, laundries, paper-
hacfiera, printers, painters, shoe factories. : ta-
blemen, tar-roofers, tasners. tailors, etc
BUCHA^AN BROS..
Brush Manufacturers. 009 Sacramento Si.
DIRECTORY
OF RESPONSIBLE HOUSES.
Catalogues and Price Lists Mailed
on Application.
ATTORNEY.
F. H. METRZBACH. lawyer.
608 California at.. Clunle bntldtag.
COAL, COKE AND PIG IRON.
I C WIT QON & C(\ **> Battery Street
J' W- niLrjUil «X VV-, Telephone Matn 1SS4.
COPPERSMITH.
r TT CtllTrT Ship Plumbtns. Steamboat and
t- IT- OJlliU> Ship Work a specialty. IS and
It WaahlDgton at. Telephone Main tML
ELECTRICAL. m
D. D. WASS.
¦ ¦ Electrical gnrlneer. K East at.
~" FRESH A?«> SALT MEATS. !
I1C RAYFC * Tft Bnlpplnr Butcher*. Wi
JA3« DUICjttWV- cia!r. Tel Main 1394.
: VOM.VANIZINO a*D METALS.
W tie. * D-aler In Metals tt Oalvar.izlnir. JOHN
FINN METAL. WORKS. 3U Howard 3t.
• -' ¦ METAL.
Extra ltnotyp* and stereotype metal. Pactflo
Metal Worki. 1S7-9 First at.. San FrancUco.
OILS.
LX^RICATmO OILS. LEONARD A ELLIS.
418 Front at.. S. F. Phone Main 171S.
PAINTS.
Cylinder A Lnbrlcatlnjr Oils. Schneider's Mlnin*
Candles. C O. CLINCH & CO.. 9 Front, a F.
PRINTING. ____.
E. C> HUGHES. 811 Bansotne at.. 3. T.
PRINTERS. BOOK BINDERS.
THE HICKS- JUDD CO.. v.OX-t,
13 First St.. San Franeiaco.
STATIONER AND PRINTER.
Te 'co?e p s h>e PARTRIDGE "^r 1 *
WfllTfi ASH STEAM COAL. She e b £a?£
DIAMOND COAL MINING CO.. at Its GREEN
RIVER COLLIERIES. It the Best Coal In tie
market. OUc* «u:a Tarto^^ilaJa itmk
jmL; VIM. \IGOR. VITALITY for ME\
: MORMON BISHOP'S PILLS
Ar^VrJa^ Wi • have been In . use over fifty
fflfiv^^SSa years by the leaders of the
ffl^*?.i£.f«Sa Mormon Church and their fol-
Br>*<- 2vftS l° wp rs. Positively cures the
KwiJv\Vf*J worst cases In old and young
13k^%aV tSSf artslngf from effects of aelf-
eftfiti ffi*/ » buse . dissipation, excesses or
clKarette-^moklnc. Cures Lost
\23fl»!>a7 Manhood. Impotency, Ixist
VUPinr Power. Night Losses. Insom-
nia. Fains In Back. Evil Desires, Lame Back.
JCervous Debility. Headache. Unntness to Mar-
ry, Loss of Semen, m Varicoeele or Con-
stlratlon. Stops Ne *3 fl itous T witching
of Ejelld*. Effects JT^ ( J« l are Immediate.
Impart vigor and **¦=¦'» * •=» totency to every
function. Don't get. despondent: a euro Is at
hand. Restores small, undeveloped organs.
Stimulates the brain and nerve centers; 60c a
box; 6 for V 50 by mall. A written g-uarantee to
cure or money refunded with 6 boxes. Circulars
free. Address BISHOP REMEDY CO.. 40 Ellis
st. Pan Francisco, Cal.. GRANT DRUG CO..
S3 and 40 Third st.
. — -AMD—— ¦¦_ \ ¦:
RALLIES J
TO-NIGHTir
METROPOLITAN TEMPLE.
V?wi*t . 1 1- e au rpice* of '¦', the Ttppab! ica ir Club*
of th»» TTnlv^rt-lty of California an] Stanford
Wwilg; 1 E. Slyran TVoJf Ern. vrill ~ vr"sl<t^, ,
C<r>Ml . W-' Hi . L,. . Barnes will al^rcss the
TT.C&lYfig.- ¦'¦'..:¦.¦'• ¦'¦¦¦¦ . • •. '.., . -.-•.¦.
£-;.»a'-«-rK. . :fnr- the rniverfelty , of. California:
; V- 8. '4Vfjqe>Caq^ John': S. But,ler »q . J»>«-«e
N . : g*rln&itl .Kf=«|-... WilllaTrt It. fjr«^-1^j- Esq..
. Pcoa! r-rs '"for Stanford University: j t; d« '
F&KSXr E.-?q:. It Y. Cfoi* Esq.; J. : E. grrtnger
'¦Esq. ' : ;¦;•:.• -: : ..: '. . : : ¦.-'..-.•'•¦••"--•'. - ; ••• "
... •¦ Sfaqiford" Ouartet..' • .. .j '. ¦
; scorrisHH all 'J:
J-art;iJ» -tXTft. . near Grove. Urcler th« tus-
T}t?*r» cf th« PhCK'ntX.Club. Speakers: Kofi T
.». J>bzier <lhe brllllfent Democratic aratop from-
• the- XOrtJi. who will -sCvocate McKfnley and
rroFr*rlty>. ; lioa- Gwje.A. JCnlght; -' Hon.
JU'»lu« Kthn.- ;-. 'f "• ' •¦,•=¦ ¦
; ;. : - •.: . CoJuiabta O«artet. "•"-• : ; '¦'.'.;
SAN FRANCISCO ATHLETIC
:f club, ; : ;m-i0,
Flxtn . *nd Shipley «tre«ta. Joint meeting- of
the Thirtieth Jjjid Thirty-eecond Assembly Dia-
trfctt. ••¦ EpeaJcers: Hon; Georpe A. Knlnht,
linn. Julius Kahn. E. Mrron Wolf Esq.- Rich-
ard J. V.'cloh .'anff MJeha*l:McBrtde. :
••• . ••:'.', ; Roiish ••; Bldera' Quartet.-. '¦;.
ODEoiFHALL ;
« OTarreJl rtreet. Under :the auspice* of th«
Gertnan-Amerloan Republican Club. . Speatcera:
General Eflirard. S. 6aJ.om.on. Charles Bund-
echu E*o;.. Christian B.- Rode Esq. ;
H«n. Robert Wleijeke will pr*»ld«.i '-.
¦4 MASCOT HALL:
::0« GolSea Gat« ave. Tblfty-elphth Ataeniblr
Di*trlft. EreakM-a: Hon. Edward I. Wolf*
'nominee for State' Senator), R. ;W. Roberta
r:.>=-i. <nom!n»« ior AKS^nablrman). Hon. ,P. A.
IJ<T»erot. Maxwell McNntt '-Esq.. J. M. Man-
non I>*. - .- " ' ..".-•
.'; Kcl.ckert>octer Onartet. .. .
CALIFORNIA HALL
Bush etreet. near Powell. Under the au»-
rlorn of the Spanish- American Alliance.
Pi^akcre; Hon. ¦ H. _H. Apj*l of \jos Anrelen.
Hon. Julius Kkhn. J. H. Nelion Esq. (nomlnw
for State f>nator». Alex. Campbell Esq. tnotn-
lne« for Aes^inblyman). M. AV. Bradr Esa.
<r.<5m1c«H? for Asseuitlrmao), Hon. Henry I.-
PYTHIAN CASTLE.
.Market : rtreeC Unier the au»plces of tbe
Club.. 8i>raker»: Hon. Ju-
!lus Kabp.. A. J. Danncnbaum Esq., Maxwell y
IlcXutt Esq.. and others.
B. B. HALTfUPPER).
TAif Btrtt, near Tarlor. Under the auepicet
of the OriMk Republican Club. Speakers: Hon.
U. F. McKJnicy. Hon. Julius Kahn. J. M.
Mascoc Eso-
. GEORGE BTOKH
ChaJnr.ajj Permbllcaa State Committee.
W. l^CUTTEB, SjjrpJtBxr*
tf^5S?fji%v wiI! ioar«ntpe
fi^ra^k thit my Kidney Cnre
eJ^* T T)l^CT» of all forms of kidney
av J^B complaint and la
..,-. j^H» n"* 12 / lnitances the
«f S&Ft&mW mont serions forms of
iT" KW Brlghfi dlieat*. If
» /^KEiCT 0'seass It com-
B*-r~£j&M plicated Bend a fonr-
/HS^ ounce vial of orlae.
•Wtti^^S^^. w111 analyie it
1ftf*K5B!&8*jSa *nd advise you fret>
At all drugrffti. 28o. • rial. Onld* to Health
Sod medical advice <rg«. 1505 Areh St.. Phlla.
. •• — ; • : __ . : ?.
. . Butter Sate Extraordinary— We have bought 5000 squares of the best Creamery
Butter that can be made at a big reduction from market price, and on Friday and gp**
Saturday will give our patrons the benefit of our purchase hv selling regular' -df M'j&jff*^
size squares at.. ... ........... • • %&>^0
•. -. +— . . . — . ; ; — — — — — ; — — — — — ¦ : —
=veryene quality, all linen, that if perfect HI KSiiilS* 2bK%£% SWlll f>o «* h **** uwTpricw *one lot fa
would sell at 25c each; slight slips of .the fMfBl**^^ - ''¦ ' JSv « «<p>n '¦¦'"' 8?^ reversible satin-finiahed Marsei.les in nev
there, imperfections that cm only be de- CALIFORNIA'S LARGEST-- AMERICA'S GRANDEST STORE heavy and w*U made, that we sell rejr'a-
tected on close 'examination and do net - / :¦ -• ¦ '.- : ¦¦•-• ¦ '••¦•¦¦ • •¦ • ¦ ¦•-¦ ¦ ¦• ' -¦- : - ¦:¦-. lady at ?l-50; both are large sizs; to-day
affect the wear of the handker- #o .•.•.,•..••.¦ ! ¦ • : .¦¦ . ¦ ¦ ¦¦¦ . ' . only-
chiefs; to-day ot y, each ............ M^G Said Wlett'S HatS. Friday and Saturday The $2.00 Marseilles Spreads toT.St.S3
»- ___ o— 9%Ag . Ourentire line of ?2.35 stiff and Fedora CBOthma SaSG. Tha $1^0 Crochet Spread for $1.18
• RogerS^Bros.' Ware Hat 3 ; all tha new Mocks and any .width* *WMIffI|T V5MBG. .
.. AbOUt Halt Price. of brims, full assortment of fash'onab'e 3I?_n's Gray Clay Worsted Suits iWHUiacry OciJt*.
' A small lot of Rjgers Bros '"1847" Al colors, on special S3le Friday C|EJ $9.95 - Mside • from" pure worsted mate- Imported Pat- —^.
j^ flit wa'e fancy pattern aad Siturday oaly, each... &i.*J9 rills?, wool serge lining-?, French facing, tern Picture Hats, /^l^^^^fe^.
«,' consisting of medium ' wni — . a good busings or dresj suit, worth regu- as in illustration, fJ^SO^K
m marked to dose to-day at' Alaska Salmon-Guaranty brand 1- S?Z9 races, at specially '^^^T^^k
' ,p^ \\ about half re/ralar prices. | po " n . d tin> 3 can3 --/v 2 f. c \ . .Men's $2.50 Pants "daced price. »»»Si^
•®Sfewm $2.75 medium ladles spe- Sardines-Fancy imported, in pnre olive n $1.50-0 ly a small la addition to * WT
cialtodav oi). i« with key, to-day 3 tin? 25O \±__^±a__A lot— 75 pair;— of Wool Picture Hats wa J%
V 3 **^ SI K 3 New Corcian Citron— Best import- IRSx \ ,' PantB, made w.th patent hav« made a lin©
1&^&Z&S*&Z 2 ' ' '¦¦"$•^5 o"vs- _e d . per nound....... 13o |< , Jl buttons, taped seam?, of new Hats of
: -'^^^W^^^^ ter ladles, Seeded Raisms-In package?... |' ||,J extra strong and ser- «t<xxi materials,
: • •^>"!>-^^fc*. ' ' special to- v '^.', ;•—."— "••••••«•••••••• '—»IOO H /"tea'sj; I vicsable ; to-day and b'ack and colors, and Friday and Saturday
W^T day New Golden Dates— 1-ponnd pack- M £m£\$\ Saiwdiy, if quantity offer them at the^e special prices:
: • '$xEffiw\x£B&r£*-m*i^^ '¦ * 2 G Wmmm last?, per pair . $3.00 Trimmed Hats, black or colors
. : . . 8 "f e ° r Mince Itlsat-Libby'i Co idensed, t>- ' H %i ttM»? 4*1 Ri% • • $5.00
forks, set of 6, >>g^!ariyJ$^50^ldayf Bo^^^wSke'^^^^art^S? I Si ffl \ ''.¦¦9****** $10.00 Trimmed Hats, black or colors
. MatchleSS Friday ; . m «$& for any .we,- t-day rer Jl g in neat dark effect % Satur **'~ ~ ' ISO
... Specials. ¦ .V .. . :¦ g^loa. .;.., .....$2.00 jy ,m coats with small collar! Fancj QaiH Pompon, in new shades of gray.
iMen^s Chiffoniers- ilade of selected • :-^ ¦ ¦ " .'¦ o _ 0^ .;$Q double-breaste.i vests regularly oOc, to-day and Saturday
oak. golden finish with D'ano polish, oval xa Att^i, 9^m2S ; ; • . and knee pants, worth r '::"',",' V*;*VTy '.'V"".^?*?
-French-plate mirror, 12x18 inchssT this (^§IM Woo! WaiStS . : easily $150 and $3.00; L^s^rgeFet Fedora, with p in ched
Wm$Mi$§m llSi ppSiiif«W p^^i|
inet. our regular $lS.a'J valiia; special /^T{^^^\ w^ift lined thrcn^hout Bf >3's' Long Pants Stilts $6.98- Tnilat Fiat-iwnwm 9f>~
¦ mm~:-:::::::.$i4.75 M<W0ElBB HfelsM^^ ™XXzr?
. pat. inltror, equipped »« nnll.nt' AJf^t- It ' " 'P ecijl " 3l) Frid " «•*,*»'¦ «C QO /?g/^~Sk J!L,w"i ! ?
oni 7 .:.:....:..........;- .L&W.75 •-¦ : • • ; : - • ¦"•¦•¦; . { ¦¦¦¦. : \ ., - -. ..-.¦¦- . .¦¦ ¦:. Lmr mm • ***** i Ton J OT
Pedestals-Made of quarter s.wed oak, . CaOS aitdGeatS Baskets Half- chlh rTbbonT
and the height; 3 6 aches, our regu Jar" . :. . : / Velvet Tarns, : W&aS&ai A lot of baskets that ""' regn ' arIy rfoc * to ' day 22C
.$5. r )0 Ptd'scal', special :^^» -or"-'- fiffihi . in brown and |&fe have been slightly soiled in " ""** '
Fridiv only T ....x!>*§:2O . . JgHg*L •:.-..: •¦preenihavobeen' V'^S^ l^s;-^^^^ d i s p 1 ay— Scarfs and Shams*
inch beveled j lite, mirror, h tastefully ,-J^^ii ¦ Ghildren'sco- per f nurs- We have lud a good m3ny sales of
. carved an 1 nicely polished, has excel- c ored Silk C^ps, : ery, work, spacitel goods during the past few
lent wire mattress with three. rows of . ff\ 1' \ fur i rimmed.red, candy, hairpio, glove, handkerchief, etc.,- months, but we think that th» lot we
springs, has automatic litch, our rega- / J la £ -\ ¦ '¦ blqo ard brown, baskets, are offered to-d3y (Friday) only at offer to-day is. tbe best of .them a'l; the
•Iflr price $35.00, spe-^^Q-™: ¦L/L& A regularly $1-00, . . u^ Sf ' Om g'' ' scarfs are in 3 sizas, I&t35, 2)x45 and
cUl Friday o-.ly ......:.. *p2£S9mM& , J^ X. special to-dav... naiT-rriCBm '. 2)xo4 inches, whila the shami are 32
Brussels Riigs--27x54.inchM, fringe 1 -'[ft'l ............. 75c . — — : — — inches square; thare is a very large va-
end-v Persian, Oriental and floraleffects, : if^UsJUi; Child's -AL-: #B».rt«»«s Cfr.V/ riniuM riety of deiigna to select from, and by
special: Friday, each,........' nn ¦ '— Wool Coat, very UreS5 OKtn racing. com ng early you will be ab'e to get the
¦'',... ................. $i.UU '. ' : .. : handsome, well: 180 dozen yard3 of Dress Skirt Facing, entire set to match; these scarfa and
Axminster and Body Brussels tailored tight fitticg, brown, blue, red, for: 3 incbe» wide, in all plad shading* and sh3ms are nearly all of Swiaj manufao-
Rligs— 54x27 inches, two-toned floral aeeai 6, 8. 10 and 12 rear?, recularly curved to fit the skirt perfectly; tne bal- tare, which means the best finish, and
arid Oriental, all new effects, fringed • $5.50, soecial to-day............ $3.25 ance oj : an importer's stock; on special not a piece is worth less than 50c, some
ends, Friday's special price ks r% Box Coats— None better in town, in sab Friday onl/ at the phenom- 75c J special to-day only, each- OXf—fc
...;,. i .. &*m&U c.rntor and tzn..$4:5Q toSW.OO enally low pries, per yard... 45 2 C .* m^ m rtm
THE EMPOR1TJM.
THE EMPORIUM.
THE EMPORIUM.
TEE EMPORIUM.
DR. MEYERS JJHP^
Specialists f§ *§i^i>
Disease and weak- \M't. l/A i
ness of men. Es- Q^stl
tablished 1SS1. Con- SW,k&§F^B'
Bultation free. Ww'ilSttTJti'JMB
T::i Market st. X^lBBSWW
(elevator entrance). A V fiTvSSnSv
Ban Francisco. *^lwi^i^sThis costume is of soft Sevres blue
cloth, with short bolero and chemisette of
cream colored moussellne de sole. The
trimming is of black . chenille, and a
drapery of black velvet surrounds the
neck. ¦;l-"'-'s\ _ " . • - . •
; ; The Los Angeles pastors who unloosed their bat
teries of abuse upon^-one another in a political argu
ment the ".other day be persuaded that their
Chrittlike .mission needs no spur from politics, .i;^
Assessor. I>Gdge has committed another blunder by
M-hicli the city will isuiler considerable expense. It
« someift-nat jipnificant that the Assessor never com
mits a mistake which jeopardizes his fees.
A minority in the Board. of Supervisor* has raised
a cry against the. granting' of special privileges to a
few favored individuals. Do not the objectors under
stand that his Highness the Mayor must hold some
of his friends in line? ; ' .
A suit, eminently ridiculous, ha? been instituted in
Montana against the Standard Oil Company. An in
genuous young man says that the monopoly has tried
to influence public opinion. If the Standard Oil Com
pany has any policy it is an avowed contempt of public
opinion. .
If the Board of Supervisors was as prompt in per
formance as it is profuse in promise of public im
provements, the horde of tax-eaters which infests the
City Hall would have to make somewhat hasty prep
arations to earn an honest living.
Through a curious fault of the law the city of Wash
ington has become the Mecca of malefactors who seek
to escape punishment for their acts in the States. Can
it be possible that like draws to like with the power of
physical magnetism? .
There are five generals in the new Spanish Cabinet.
Probably every one of them, when he reflects upon
the recent war, feels with consolation the force of the
adage that he who fights and runs away will live to
fight another day. 'i
Richard Croker has declared with all the emphasis
of personal conviction that Roosevelt is a very dan
gerous man. Croker is right— from the point of view
of those who fear men intolerant of abuses in public
When William Jennings Bryan read President Mc-
Kinley's Thanksgiving proclamation the "plain man
of Lincoln" probably thought that another campaign
lie had been circulated for the bewilderment of voters.
It took Count von Waldersee a long time to get to
China, and-from the way he is managing things it ap
pears to be his intention to. make it a still longer time
THE FIGHT IN 1V\E SEVENTH.
HARDLY any Congressional district in Califor
nia requires of the Republican party the exer
cise of more vigorous efforts in order to obtain
victory than the Seventh. Fortunately the party has
there a strong candidate, one who led the way to
victory two years ago and who has therefore the pres
tige of past success to cheer the supporters of protec
tion and sound money in their contest against all the
forces that Brvanite fusion can hrinp; against them.
j . . Mr. Needham's victory two years ago was due
I mainly to the desire of the voters to maintain the Mc
] Kinley administration and to Mr. Needham's own
' personal popularity. Those forces which were potent
j then are even more potent now, for during the past
I two years the administration has strengthened its hold
j upon public confidence, and Mr. Needham, having
! been tried in office, can now submit to his con-
I stituency a record of excellent work done for the dis
; trict in the way of promoting its welfare and uphold
j ing all the interests in any way affected by legislation
1 at Washington.
The voters of the Seventh District cannot be un
aware of the advantage a constituency gains by hav
| ing in the House a representative of experience in
I Congressional business. Every intelligent person
knows that a new man in Congress can never do half
a« much as could be done by one of equal fidelity and
j general ability after a long service there. What Mr.
i Needham has accomplished in his first term is there
i fore but an illustration of his fitness for the office.
His real and full worth in the House will begin to
show itself with his second term.
Strong as is the opposition in the Seventh District,
all reports justify the expectation that the majority
of the voters will remain true to the party of prosper
ity. No considerable body of men in that or any
other district of California can have. anything to gain
fcy sending to Congress a man who would spend his
ANSWERS TO COBBESPOITDENTS.
"A CELEBRATED CASE"— A. S.. City
The play entitled "A Celebrated Case"
was prepared for the stage by D'Ennery
and Garnot. ¦ . • •
GOLD AND SILVER, STANDARD— C.
C., Stent, Cal. The present money stan
dard of France is gold arid silver, with
the franc as the monetary unit.
CHINESE MISSIONS— Reader. Mont
pelller. There is no aggregate of figures
showing how much money Is expended
annually In the Chinese empire for mis
sionary purposes. To ohtaln such It
would be necessary, to communicate with
the head of each religious sect In the
world and obtain the amount from each
then totalize the aggregate.
HYPNOTISM-J. M. M.. Newark. Cal.
There Is nothing that this department
knows of that will prohibit a person from.
becoming, a hypnotist. This department
does not advise any one to engage In any
profession or business. That is a matter
that must be fully Investigated by the
party to engage in the one or the other!
TIMBER CI.AIMS-A.M. D., Chicago
Park, Nevada County, Cal. Surveyed
lands in California. Oregon. Nevada and
Washington not yet proclaimed and of
fered for sale, valuable chiefly for timber
and stone, unnt for cultivation, and tan*
sequently unfit for disposal under the
homestead laws, may be purchased bv
lndivtduals or associations at the mini
mum price of J2 50 per acre. Before mak
ing the purchase the applicant must com
ply with certain rules and regulation*
which will be explained in any of the
land offices, where the requisite blanks
may be obtained. •.
WATER AND OILAJ. C. 6.; '-Pacific
Grove, Cal. The article published in The
Call relative to the use of, oil and water
to. as he says, maintain youth and
vigor, is so plain thatlt does not need any
explanation. It Is simply to drink lareo
quantities of distilled water, which Is D ro
duced bv boiling and securing the steam
which is the water relieved of Its Impuri
ties, and if one has not the means to dN
till the water, such, may be obtained from
any druggist. The balance of the direr
tlon is to rub the body down with pure
olive oil and take moderate exercise Th«
use of olive oil for rubbing the boii'v w»4
practiced by the Jews in ancient times
and Is even up to this day by some who
believe that oil Imparts the supplenes 9 of
youth to those who use it. The Bible savs
that olive oil had three principal uses: To
ano jnt the body so as to. mollify the skin
heal Injuries, and strengthen the muscles
CALIF0BNIANS IN NEW YORK.
NEW YORK, Nov. lJ—San Francisco—
E. Dreyfus is at the Broadway Ontral; A.
J. Jjowenberg !s at the Cadillac; D. C.
Bloom Is at the St. Cloud; J, B. CastJa Is
at the Manhattan; K.J. Faust is at the
Imperial; E. Fish la at the Grand-Union;
V, G. ...Gnw Is at the Murray Hill; TV.
Grant is at the Imperial; Mrs. p. B.
Keyes and J. F. Knapp are at the Astor;
Mrs>> C. F. Loney is at tho Motherland;
H. A. Russell and A- L. TThltney ar» at
the Holland; H. C. Wyler la at the Na
varre; T. Hopkins, Miss L. K. Hopkins
and A. P. Redding ars at the Holland: T.
Schussler la at the Hoffman; C. it. BUven
is at the. St. Cloud.
San Luis Oblspo— Miss Edmonds, G. Ed
monds and Misa A. Knox are at lh« Cos
mopolttan. ¦ ¦ ¦
. Benicia— W. Thompson Is at th» Grand
Union. ¦ •. ' '• . - : " .. ; . . ¦'
Sketches of the life of Charles Dudley Warner writ
ten since his death call attention to the fact that he
laid the foundations of a literary reputation by writing
contributions to the farmers' column in a New Eng
land newspaper: but while the story is creditable to
Warner it does not show any prcat regard for farmers
on the part of the editor of the paper. In these days
farm notes are written by people who know some
thing: about farming, and the column is not turned
oyeritp amateurs to experiment in- literature. At
least that is the way in California, but it may be dif
ferent iin Massachusetts.
PERSONAL MENTION.
Dr. C. Trumhull «>f Chicago Is at th»
Lick.
O. J. Mftchfll of the Dramatic Mirror
is at the Grand.
Tier. T. E. JurM of Portland !s regis
tered at the Lick.
Captain William Banning of Los An
geles is at the Occidental.
Professor T. S. C. I»»y of Pasadena is
registered at the California,
Dr. H. C. Allen and Wlfd of Sah Fernan
do are stopping at the Grand.
Fire Chief Henry A. Gutnrie of Sacra
mento Is visiting friends in town.
DeWTtt B. Lowe and wife are at tit*
Palace. They have bejen In Nome all sum
mer.
Professor E. P. Cubberley of Stanford
University la at the California with hla
wife. ¦•• ¦ " • - :'¦¦¦¦ ¦'- .
. A. M. Cunningham and wife of Pektr.s
are at the Occidental. They have been
East and are on their way bacic to the
Orient. . : :
Charles Coglan of Sacramento, secretary
of the State Board of Equalization, ar
rived at the Lick last evening. Mrs. Cog
lan Is with him and they will spend se\-
pral days here.
T. Tugila. N. Iamlshi and T. Hayashl.
three prominent Japanese merchants, ax
rived in the city yesterday after an ex
tended trip throughout the East. They
are stopping at the Occidental. . ;
Dr. Albert Fowler cf Salt Lake Ctty.
his sister, Mrs. J. D. Johnson, and his
two daughters, all of Roanolte, Va., ar
rived at the California yesterday. They
expect to spend part of the winter hera.
Charles F. Price, one of the Judges for
the California Jockey Club, is back at yie
Palace, having Just returned from Lou ib
ville. Ky. Charlps R. Ellison, anothe •
prominent racehorse man, also arrived al
the Palace last evening. '-.;.
Bti UPRIGHT JUDICIARY.
WHILE the excitements of the campaign tend
to distract public attention from the judicial
offices at stake, and to incline the minds of
voters to 'strictly partisan issues, it should not be for-:
gotten that no Jocal efnee to be filled at this election
is more important than that of Superior Judge. In
one' way : or; another, either directly or indirectly, all
the interests: of the people are dependent; upon the.
possession of an upright judician r . Candidates for
those o-frJce«, ; therefore, should be- scrutinized with
care, free from all partisan bias of any kind whatever.
Disnonest or incompetent Judges would be a menace
r.ot drfy. to the property but to the personal rights of
There i? ho reason why any intelligent, and honest
citizen shouW vote a straight party ticket so far as
judicial rofticf r<^are concerned.' Judges have nothing
to' <io with legislation or with any form of partisan;
issue?. Tlieir business is to administer and adjust the,
law to all disputes arising from the complex relauons : .
cf ircn. : arrd to perinrm these duties they mu«t have :
a. \iiie :tind deep knowleder ci law; impartial mindi;
atin a .'rich degree of personal character and. indepen-':
drhce. .. ; : . ¦[¦¦ '. .':'¦ ..•";••. ' \- '-'.'¦'/,:• L-;. : !i
\Vher*. a chnic? mtift be exercised, as in thrs ca«e,:
; a!norir^rnanr candidates for >«ch office?, it is the. duty:
'pi pood citizens to inli gently and Tionestly seek to
find nut. which are most, worthy for the bench, and
then voir for them. The task of selection is not easy
for the frencral mass of citizens who have too much
.hueinee.* of ihcir own. to ¦'-'. undertake extensive. in- :
quirie& : ;conoernmK: the personal and professional
¦standing of the various candidate 1 ?. ¦,. Therefore Thei
.Call, for the enlightenment of the; public, has. made
-a careful stady of the merits of all the: candidates. It
recommends the election'^f- j£-Y| CofjFey,' \yilliam
R;: Daing^rfjeid. William P. Lkwlor : &nd Sloss
for full tprmf an4 Frank H;' Kerrigan for tht short
term, T^lirse inen jcsn. he. felied upon, to uphold the.
be^t- tradition?-, of- the bericb; .and the' interests of all
\viJI be crinsfrved by lbrir ipljectiipn! ¦"•.!.'.¦'¦;•".!-:'.- ." ¦" : -: ; . .'v. -:
' .. f >f these five men, CofTey, XXaingerfield and.Lawlor
have had experience t'pon the tench, and no scanda!
tuliief: the records of their co«rfs,;.Tbey have proven
thi?rn?dves worthy of the high 'office they hold. • It
; maters '. : t?qt vprm what party .-ticket, .their, names, be.
placed, nor ;by whom nominated;.: .Each : of: them 1
staridf upon his indrviduaj fitrie?': for j«dicsal ; duties
and upon the proofs he has given of thai fitness in the'
actual performance of those duties.. ; ¦.;• "' - ;
The remamfnc: two candidates are. yoqng:- men,. but
tncy are neither unknown, to the city nor. untried i*l
.law. Kerrigan haj. filled the office of Justice: of the
Peace vrith distinguished /credit to himself: arid bene
.fit'-to the comntunrty. ; The record of his service in the
inferior court 'justifies. his promotion to the Superior
Bench, Mr. SJoss, a graduate of the Harvard Law
School.and a member of bn« of the foremost law
¦firms iri . California, has had ample: training !in all
brarirhes of the law and has made a specialty "of pro
bate and «ommercial matters, two branches of the law
of great importance in a commercial city like San
Francisco. ¦¦• • / ; '-. : .•"¦¦-.';• I'-'.'j ¦" ¦ ';
The fullest investigation; i* challenged as to the
merits of fh«e candidates. : There is not one of them
who has to solitit votes on partisan grounds. They de
serve the support of all citizens. Keep their names
in mind and vote for them on election day. Let us
have an honest, upright, ahie.artd fearles-s judiciar>'.
ism' which could give voice to such a
promise, and I cannot vote- with a party
that wljl thus encourage the enemies of
our country.
"I was not friendly to Mr. McKinley four
years. ago. but his administration has been
so admirably managed that in spite of the
deep prejudice engendered by years of po
litical differences I have been compelled
to accord to him the credit of a states
manship so free from error- that no fair
minded American can truthfully challenge
his intelligence, his honesty or his pa
triotism. The unjust and untruthful at
tacks made upon him oy the opposition
ought to strengthen him in the hearts of
the people.
"How any American who loves the re
public and takes a pride in its greatness
and prosperity can support the narrow,
unpatriotic and Insincere position of the
party headed by Mr. Bryan I do not un
derstand.
"I think we should retain the Philippines
and give the inhabitants a good govern
ment and as much liberty as we possess
at home. I have no fear that any Ameri
can administration will enslave the inhab
itants of any territory— at least I have no
fear of It from a Republican administra
tion.
"There are many other rea«r>n3 why I
cannot support Mr. Bryan, but I think
those I have given are sufficient. As the
people bepln to fully comprehend the
viclouFness of the methods employed they
will agree with the farewell address of
Washington, in which he said whrn con
sidering partisan methods: 'It always
serves to distract the public councils. It
agitato? the community with ill-founded
Jealousies and false alarms: kindles the
animosity of one part against another;
foments occasionally riot arid Insurrec
tion.'
"Those were wife words, and are pecu
liarly applicable to the inflamed utter
ances and unfounded charges adopted by
the Democratic party at this time. There
is a danger in it, and one that should be
promptly met and overcome by patriotic
people." A. L. SHINN.
Sacramento, Oct. 30, 1900. . ;¦». .
five years I labored in that cause with- a.
political party which was fully in accord
with my views. We challenged the pollcy
which we believed was restricting our
commerce, and placed it upon that ground.
"Now the party has attacked that which
It had defended and condemns Mr. Mc-
Kinley for carrying to fruition the ex
pressed policy for which we have con
tended. . . •?::•¦¦
"The principle has not changed, but the
party has abandoned the principle. I do
not choose io' follow. a name which does
not represent my political views.
"Bryanlsm has saddled the name of the
Democratic party with the silver ques
tion, which is opposed to my convictions
of good policy, . ¦
"The platfprm of IS**) holds out encour
agement to those who are in armed con
flict with our Government by promising
independence, in case of Bryan's election,
to those who are in rebellion. I do not
understand the nature of: the 'patriot-
of our commerce, trade and Influence,
nnd, as far as necessary to thrtt end, the
expansion of our territory. For twenty^-
A. L. SHINN, LIFE-LONG DEMOCRAT,
RENOUNCES THE DEMOCRACY
? . ¦
Sacramento Lawyer Cannot Support a Party
That Encourages the Enemies of Our
Country.
r~t L. SHINN, one of the prominent
f~\ members of the Sacramento bar,
*;¦ ;..»• created a sensation at the Repub-
lican County Convention by re
nouncing the Democratic party. Mr. Shinn
had been a life-long Democrat: had at
tended numerous State conventions of
that party as a delegate, and had time
and again stumped the northern counties
of the State for the Democratic ticket. In
fact, he was regarded as one of the lead
ing Democrats of Northern California.
His declaration that he intended to sup
port William McKinley this year has be
come the political sensation of the hour.
Mr. Shlnn gives his reasons for his change
of political faith in the following state
ment: i . . '
"Editor San Francisco Call: At ail
times until the present the Democratic
party in its national platform and
by' Its public acts when in power repre
sented the principle of commercial and
territorial expansion. ' That party fore
saw that our products would exceed our
consumption, and that our territory would
not always accommodate tho population
which rapidly flocked to this countrjV
"From tho birth of that party It ac
quired when in power all the territory
available, and the result of. that policy
gave US a vast area of our most Valuable
possessions. Laying aside all that the
Democratic policy of expansion has done
arid looking: to the declaration of Its plat
forms, it will be seen that the party has
reversed its doctrine. It Is now opposed
to the acquisition of territory ar^d con
demns the administration for securing
Porto RlcOi the Hawaiian Islands and the
Philippines, and denominates the spirit
manifested thereby as a "greedy commer
cialism.' Yet every prior declaration of
the Democratic party was in line with the
idea it now condemns. In 1B44 that party
declared In terms for expansion and de
manded, the annexation of Texas and. re
occupation of Oregon.
"The platform o£ 1S56, upon which James
K. Polk was elected, contained a plank In
the following words: 'Resolved. That
there are questions connected with tho
foreign policy of this country which are
inferior to no domestic questions what
ever. The time has come for the peopla
of the United States to declare themselves
in favor of free seas and progressive free
trade throughout the world and by solemn
manifestation to place their moral influ
ence at the side of their 5 successful ex
ample.'
"That was good Democratic doctrine at
one time, but it is the same policy, it
seems to me, that Is now called 'greedy
commercialism.' . . .
"In 1860 the natiot;al platforms demand
ed the immediate acquisition of Cuba, 1
fail to see any material difference between
the acquisition of Cuba and the acquisi
tion of Porto Rico or even Hawaii. . .
"At the close of the war came the great
tariff fight, and the principal argument
against the Republican tariff was that it
built up a 'Chinese wall" around our com
merce and influence. In the platform of
1S76 it was said that the tariff policy had
degraded American commerce from the
tlrst to an Inferior rank. In 18J>0 it declared
for 'free ships and a living chance for
American commerce on the seas.' Such
was always the Democratic policy until it
was ururped by Bryanlpm.
"As a Democrat I favoied the expansion
THE RANGE LEASES.
THE special committee appointed, by the Na
tional Livestock Association to prepare a bill
for an act providing for the leasing of lands that
are more valuable for grazing than for other purposes
has been collecting data on that subject which will be
used as evtdence.of the utility of the leasing- policy.
The heed ot leasehold protection to preserve ths
range, prevent extinction of the grazing business,
conserve moisture in the arid region, and put an end
to lawlessness and violence which now redden the
range, under the mistaken policy of occupation in
common, is now more apparent than ever. During
this year the conflicts between sheep and cattle
rangers and the conflicts between owners of the same
class of stock have been more violent and destruc
tive than ever. As feed and water decrease by over
grazing, and destruction of the vegetable cover of the
soil, the competition for use of what is left increases,
and the end of this great business is already in sight
unless the forage can be renewed under leasehold oc
cupation and stringent public supervision. /.;"•.
It is proposed to adopt a wisely drawn lease law,
and then leave its adoption optional to the land and
stock interests in counties west of the ninety-ninth
meridian. It is difficult to see what objection can be
made to this optional system, Which leaves the policy
subject entirely to the wish of the two great interests
concerned, the land-owner or farmer and the stock
owner.
The committee in charge of the matter, through the
secretary of the National Livestock Association, has
procured from the Government of New South Wales,
Australia, a copy of the land laws of that colony and
a statement bearing upon their practical operation.
There the "runholder," or range man, began, as he
did here, controlling all the land he could and destroy
ing its utility by overstocking, which extirpated the
forage.
Fifteen years ago the matter was taken up by the
Government, and the building of the existing code of
land laws began. All public lands not held as condi
tional purchases, or homesteads, were made subject
to lease. The methods of leasing vary with the use
to which the land may be put. All leases contain
provisions as to how the lands are to be used, and are
limited as to term or area, or both. Local land boards
fix the value and rental by appraisement. Pastoral
leases for the "runholders" are unlimited as to area,
but are limited, to a twenty-eight year term. Their
rental price is fixed every seven years by appraise
ment. These leases cover the range country, and mny
be surrendered at the end of any: seven-year period
by giving notice to the land board; There is also what
is known as: "the occupation license;" which permits
the use of land for grazing by the payment of a license
of not less than $to per section, and is good only for
the current calendar year, all such licenses expiring
on December 31 of each year. This system is to give
a degree of flexibility to the system and accommodate
the runholder who by drought or accident finds his
run unable to support his stock for that season, and
is compelled to seek, temporarily, an enlargement of
his grazing area.
In case of fire, drought, flood or other trouble a
lessee may on application, have conditions, including
payments, suspended for six months or a year.
In appraising lands the local land boards are re
quired to take into consideration the cost of trans
portation to and from the land, its capacity for sup
porting stock and the original conditions surround
inp; it. Reappraisement will he made when demanded,
in which case any depreciation in the value of wool,
mutton or beef produced by the land must be taken
into consideration.
An examination of these colony laws impresses one
with the evident desire to treat justly and encourage
properly the grazing interest as one of great commer
cial and economic importance. Instead of regarding
the stock-ranger as a pernicious person, which is too
often done here, his rights are recognized and his in
terests are properly ?afepcuarded. In fact, he is even
protected against himself and Js prevented from de
stroying his own bu-iness by that cupidity which, for
the sake of one year's profits, would destroy the
chance for many years of prosperity. The committee
has rendered an essential service in securing this di
gest, which shows the working of the leasehold sys
tem under physical conditions which are practically
the same as those of our arid grazing region.
Chief of Police Sullivan wants to redistrict the city
so that patrolmen will not have; so many hills to climb
on their beats. Late night pedestrians can assure the
Chief that his hired men have already overcome the
difficulty. . . . ¦ • ¦ ..'• . • ¦ . ¦
FRIDAY. .. ..... ... ... . . . . ..NOVEMBER 2, 1900
JOHN D- SPRECKELS, 'Proprietor.
Address A!( Communications to W.-S. LEAKE. Manager.
MANAGER'S OITICE. ...... .TVl^tfhone 1>r^^^l
VCIILICATIO.X Ol'KICE. . .MjirUft nnd Third. 8. V.
1>lrphnnf> Prr«« 2OI.
CUITOniAL ROOMS 217 to 221 Stevenson St.
Telephone Prmi 202.
Delivered li-jr rnrrlrr*. J5 CVnt" P*r Wcflt.
MtirIi- Cop I en, 5 .
Terms by Mall. InrJmUncr Po«lner«
DAILY CXL.U Mnrtudlr.jr Sunday), one star.. H.W
X>AILT CALL <ltwlu<i!n« Sun<!ay>. « months...:. S- fl1
UAILT CALL <lnciu(;in« Sur.darl. * nbnth*..... I-M
DATLT CALL— By ?=!r.p> ilonth.. «c
fcUNDAY CALL, One Tr»r.. l-W
WEEKLY CALL. One Tftr............^ i 1-08
¦ , All poitm»ilrr« ore nathorlzed to receive .•;
»ntm<Tlptlon«.
Cample ccplei will be forwarded '-ben requeued.
Mall rubecribern Jn orderlm chine* of adirera nhould t-e
particular to rive both NEW AXD OLD >DDRKS3 In arder
to Insure a. prompt and correct compliance with their requeit.
OAKLAMJ OFFICE i . . . . 1118 Broadway
-C.GF.OUGK KUOG5JESS. : V
Manager Foreign Advertising, Marquette Buildirtg, Chicago.
(Lccf Distance T«>l»j-i>one *; c * nt r* 1 J61S.">
NEW TOR K CORRESPONDENT: : . . .* .
O C. CARLTOS.. . i. ....;.. ......Herald Sqnnre
KEW YORK KErRESEKTATrvfi: ' ¦ .
iTEPHEJT D. SMITH........ ;30 Trlbtine IltiildlWir
NETW TORK NEWS STANDS! .' ¦ \ : ".
' Waldorf -Antort* Botel; A. Brrntano. a TJnton Square '
Murrar Rui HouL : ¦ : -J :>:-¦¦{.¦¦'.¦: :.; ¦¦¦¦.-/.
CHICAOO NEVT8 STANDS: ' •"¦ - ":
Shermaa Houm; P. O. New« Co.; Ore*A North«rii Hotel:
ltvmont Houee; Auditorium Hotel.. -, -i. : ¦.'. . .->¦: (.',%.
WAfiHIXCTOJf CD. C.) OFFICE. ,.. .1400 G St,, fiX&i
SXOHTOX E. CHAVK. Correspondent. ¦ '..'".
8RAJTCH OFFICES— 627 Moot^tnerTi corner of Clay, open
entll t:XO o- clock. SOO Hayes, open until 5:30 o'clock. «K
McAllister. cp«n until »:S0o" clock. 615 Lftrktn. open until
t:» o" clock. IHI MlMlon* cpen «ntli to o'clock. *!61 Mark*t.
corner BJxteenth, cptn ontlU o'clock. 1C9« Valencia, open
cntu 9 o'clock. 106 Eleventh, open until 9 o'clock. JTW. ccr
r+r TwentT-xtoond ar;d Kentucky. rp*n until J.o'clnck, '
time protesting against the administration instead of
helping to advance prosperity. What we need at
Washington is constructive statesmanship and not
calamity orations. The Seventh District has many
local interests that can be prorhoted by. able states
manship at Washington, arid consequently for their
own good as well as /or their patriotic regard for the
welfare of the nation we may count, upon the voters
to re-elect Mr. Needham and so do their share toward
giving California at the national capital a solid dele
gation in favor of sound money, protection, good
government and prosperity. ¦• . . .
BRYAN ON TriE FULL DINNER-PAIL.
pX URING his New York tour- Colonel Bryan
I 1 spoke at Sing Sing. Pointing to the peniten
— . tiary. he; said that when the State puts a man
in prison it guarantees a full . dinner-pail, but takes
away his liberty, and that the Republican party is of
fering the people a full dinner-pail in exchange for
their liberty^ and that its despotism is as great as the
despotism of th« penitentiary. ' - : .
•;'. If men vote their real judgment it would be interest
ing to see "how many would vote to indorse such a
statement and to see how many really believe that the
man who makes it is fit for the Presidency. He began
by denying that there was any change in conditions
since 1896— since the panic of 1893. As his tour
lengthened he was brought face to face with evidence
that industrial restoration is established and prosper
ity is restored tothe whole country. His policy of
denial had to be changed, and he resorted to an ar
gument which compels the admission that in; this
country prosperity and oppression are necessarily iden
tical! The logic of his later attitude is, that to enjoy
liberty men must starve. His vicious perversion of
view and his idea of morality and law are brought out
in his characterization of confinement in the peniten
tiary as despotism, and his attempt to show that con
ditions are the same inside and outside of the prisons
of the country. Now, who believes this fantastic
exaggeration? What good citizen regards punish
ment for crime as despotism? What reasonable man
believes that laboring men. or others, in free life, are
suffering all the punishments of a jail?
.,' It requires no. great strain on the mem 017 to go
fcack to the conditions which began in 1893 and con
tinued to j8o6. It is now hoped by Bryan that by his
exaggerations the voters of Indiana may be brought
to give him the electoral vote of that State. There,
as elsewhere, great and general, prosperity has taken
the place of the preceding poverty and distress.
In the counties of Indiana four years ago under
takers competed for the contract of burying paupers.
In nearly every county the profits of pauper funerals
paid the taxes of the contractors and left them a hand
some sum besides. Now these same contractors can
not even pay their taxes put of their pauper fees.
: Bryan's- leading organ there is the Indianapolis
Sentinel. On December 17. 1893, that paper said:
"Let the preachers .act. The ministers' of Indianapolis
ought to have one common theme to-day, and that
charity. For the present theology should be dropped,
isms laid aside and politics shelved. There exists in
this city to-day a startling necessity for relief. Hun
dreds of families. are on the verge of suffering for
raiment, food and medicine. People will starve to
death in Indianapolis this winter unless those who are
more fortunate give of their comparative abundance,
and give promptly and liberally. It is the duty of the
preachers to call attention to this fact and to rouse
their flocks to the gravity of the situation."
To-day there is no need for such an appeal. The
necessity is not present. Pauperism is reduced to a
minimum. Those who were taking alms in 1806 can
give alms now., and men are no longer gaunt and
children no longer starve. •'¦ .; . '. . . :
As it is there, sq i* the situation everywhere, and
Bryan meets it by declaring that it is the result of
despotism like that of the penitentiary!
.. Such a statement and its author are beneath
wholesome American contempt. Four years ago he
said that if he were beaten and the gold standard were
affirmed at the polls but few people would be able
to wear shoes, ayd it would be the same with clothes.
This was uttered to a community . of shoemakers,, to
alarm them about the wages of their industry and the
profits of. their business". To-day more people are
wearing: shoes arid better shoes than ever before/and
his evil prophecy proves to have been a lie. But un
rnindfal <i£ its falsity he issues a new series of exag
gerations and a new lot of prophecies, all as false as
those which are discredited by events. *
, The wise publicist and student of affairs shrinks
from the prospect of electing such a man to the
Presidency. To say that it would cheapen that great
office is to put it too mildly. Itwould degrade it and
wntiM.mark the beginning: of the decay of our insti
tutions. ' •¦ ..¦'"....¦.: . . ' .
Whatever men may think- o{ the reason for our in
dustrial restoration and revival,. among the thought
ful and patriotic there can be no difference of opinion
as to the effect of Bryan's election. It would pros
trate every interest and every industry in the country.
Whether McKinley has brought prosperity or net,
there iii no denying that Bryan would bring poverty
and ruin again. ••
IXDTANAPOLTS XEWS-rThe great
questions of this campaign are not for
eign, but domestic. And on domestic
questions Mr. Bryan has been proved to
be wrong and dangerously wrong.
OMAHA BEE— Nothing Is more certain
than that the evil Influence of Mr. Bryan 3
appears to class feelinsr will long continue,
but if he shall be overwhelmingly defeated
the effect of his teaching will not be mani
fested in a serious form.
INDIANAPOLIS JOURNAL - Anjrlo-
Saxon liberty* 1 and law are warranted to
keep in any climate and wherever they
have gone AnRlo-Saxon civilization has
followed. This is one of the great facts
of history.
CHICAGO TIMES-HERALD-Ellmlnata
the race question from the politics of tna
South and there are abundant evidences
that the Southern States— particularly the
cotton States -would vote to Indorse the
expansion policy of the present admin
istration and to continue it In power
another four years. . .
PHILADELPHIA LEDGEE-A Presl
dentiai campaign In this country la a mo
rr.ent.ius event, and it deserves to be) con
ducted on a hish plane of seriousness ana
dignity. Conditions are undoub-tedly Im
proving, and it 5s to be hoped that In the
future no candidate who aspires to th«»
Presidency or the Vice Presidency wt!l
dare to be dishonest or foolish on the*
stump, and that, If any one doe* err In
either particular, he will be disciplined by
the public.
CHICAOO TRrr,rN&-The. original
Jack Cade promised that ¦when he came
to power "there shall he no money." Th«
modern Jack Cade promises hla follower
that fifty cents shall he a dollar. By com
paiison BUI Bryan la only a half-hearted
"rpforraer." ; Cade told the mob that ho
would make seven half-penny loaves to:
he soM for a penny when he becam* kins.
and Bryan tells the worklnsjmen that h*»
will have their wapes raised when he be
comes President.
LOUISVIL.LE COURIER-JOURNAL.—
"Onm Paul" can come to the Unite!
States, whose doors are never closed
apalrst the helpless. Here. too. he will
have the crp°rtunity to ?tu<iy the work*
ings of the greatest rep.uV.ic the' -wrirlij
has ever known and learn, thouch ton
late, the causes which make ft flourish
and for the want of which the Transvaal
decayed. America will not shii* tht» door
In the face, of a preat though mlstakori
man who. played hla part In. life ao well
up to the final honr.
BROOKLYN* EAf.LE.-tif course. ¦¦¦ail
the courts of Europe Till hav* to offer
their felicitations to Wilhelmina and Hen
ry, but thpy .will fre mor? sincere than
usual. And outside of Europe. In th<»
countries wh^re men and women arran^a
tholr own marriages to suit themselves
and where they make a mesa of It as
often as they make a success of It. there
will bo oon.MoVTab]« satisfaction that the
your? pirl who by accident of birth sits
on a throne Is not deprived # of th£ frapot-:
ne?s which romps to others In Jess con
spicuous and trying positions. .
Views of the Press
on Topics of the
Times.
UP-TO-DATE
EDITORIAL
UTTERANCE
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, NOVEMBER 2, 1900.
JAPAN'S CAPTAIN: Keep your step; Europe is looking on!
v,' ¦••¦»'•. ¦ From the Novoye Vremya, St. Petersburg. ¦'. .'¦
. (The remarkable "step" shown here is that which belongs. In the first place, t->
the German army. The Russians do not tire of poking fun at the desire of the
Japanese to look well In the eyes of Europe.): .
FASHION HINT FROM PARIS.
SEVRES BLUE CLOTH DRESS.
all.
THE INTERNATIONAL MARCH
PAST AT PEKING.
6
Scott's emulsion of cod-liver
oil is equally food and medi-
cine. ! : :. " :••.¦•;.. : ' ¦ "¦¦¦.•'•• •¦. . - : ¦ :
A littl e of it sets the stomach
at work on some easy food— -
that is medicine. ••;:¦:.>¦
How does it "set the stomach
at work?" By makiritj strength :
by creating strength : by turn-
ing the oil into body arid life
—that is food. V
We'll send yooaBttlets try,. Uycmilke.
SCOTT_& B0WNE, 409 Pearl ttieev JJew York.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
FOOD MEDICINE
The Department of Agriculture and
Commerce of Japan predtct* a splendid,
rice crop this year, the aggreeate crop be-
lnp IM.834,230 bushels. : ¦¦ . : ' ,V • \- : - '¦¦¦.¦
Special . Information supplied daily to>
business houses and public men by tho
Press Clipping Hureau <AHen'9). SliJ Mont-
gomery st. Telephone Main IOC. ; •
Cal. glace fruit 50c per rb at Towosend*s.*
AUCTION SALES.
.By P. "W-atiirs-ilonaay. November B. at 01 o'clock, Horses,
at lt.il VaUejo etreeta. . • .
AMUSFTffKNTS.
. Grand Opera-tooae*— "Becrrt Service."..-. . .'.';¦ ;'. • \ : •'.
Grand Op*ra-how»— Mauriee Graft Op*r» Company. Mon-
tmy *\-er.!nr, Xor«nher II. ; ¦ •' . ¦ " ¦ •"?-*•. •
: ¦.. ;:AJc»*ar— "Northern L?5ht«..~ '. ' .. '¦'.-:. : ¦/ .
Columbia — "Oliver Goldsmith." • ¦"'" ; - ; '.''-'¦¦¦''¦¦ ' ¦ • ¦
TlrpU— •"Aid*.". •¦•;¦":¦¦' .i :".:•.-.'. "-.' :"• ;.' ! --\:7 r .\:
: . " Alhemfcr*— "Kitut of the Ojlam Blnr. i>: . •;¦'•-'• ••' -
Calltornla— "Tor Her Sake." ¦
: : .Orpheum— Vaude^-1!l<«.
OIjTBpta. corner Ma*oa and Eddy •treet»— SpeciaJtles.
- Cfcut#«, Zoo and Thwter— V&uderllla' every afternoon and
•venitie. ¦ ' ' ' :¦.•¦¦.:••¦.¦..
¦ ¦ risclx^'t— Vaudevine. . ' .
••¦-. • 6uxro Baths— Open n'ghts. ¦ ¦ ;. ' . ' ' .
AN OPfcORTUNrTY.-Take advantage of the
round-trip steamer tickets, only $60 during No-
vember. Including fifteen days' board at Hotel
del Coronado, the Ideal ¦ummer and winter re-
sort. Apply at 4 New Montgomery et., city.
This year's list of accidents In the Alp*
numbers eeventy-nine, of which fifty-
three resulted In Instant death/"Winter Baseball I/eague.
A midwinter baseball league has been
organized. It consists of four teams-
Knickerbockers and Will & Flncks of this
city and the Heesemana and Oolden < rates
of Oakland. The flrnt game will be be
tween the Heesemans and Will & Fincke
at Recreation Grounds Sunday morningr.
and the Golden Gates and Knickerbockers
at Freeman's Park, Oakland. Sunday aft
ernoon. A echedule of games will be. ar
ranged next Tuesday,
Trunks — Valises — Trunks.
There's nothing new In* leather prood3
that you won't find In our store. New
trunks, valises, suit cases, bags and
pocketbooks are being received every
day. Your name in jrold letters free of
charg-e on all our fine leather proods. Ban
born, Vail & Co., 741 Market street. •
Dr. Snelson Delivers a Lecture.
Rev. Floyd Grant Snelson delivered a
very Interesting lecture la^it evening at
the Bethel A. M. E. Church. 1207 Powell
street, on "Native African Mysteries, An
cient Royalties and Social Institutions."
Dr. Snelson Is a renowned traveler of the
colored .race, having explored the entire
west coast of Africa and his lecture was
thrilling with interest from beginning .to
end. The lecture was illustrated with a
number of very handsome, views.
The action for divorce instituted by w.
J. Towne against Virginia L. Towne for
a decree of divorce was partly heard by
Judge Murasky yesterday. S. P. Ryley is
named as co-respondent. Decrees of di
vorce have been granted Ellen Harrington
from Harry Harrington for cruelty, Lola
Mantel Troth from Georjje C. Troth for
desertion and Lillian M. Carter from Rob
ert H. Carter for desertion. Suits for di
vorce were filed yesterday by Eugenia A
Tully against Stephen J. Tuliy for cruelty
and Viola Haskins against John H Has
klns for failure to provide.
In the Divorce Court.
This will be free day at the Mark Hop
kins Institute of Art. The doors will be
open all day and evening. The palntlnps
of the sixteenth, seventeenth and eltrl-
tenth centuries, which have attracted so
much attention during the past ten davs
will be exhibited. • .'
Free Day at Hopkins Institute.
Damrosch Recital.
Walter Damrcsch will piv e the second
of his explanatory recitals at the piano on
the Nlbelungen Ring this afternoon at the
California Theater. "Die Walkure" will
be the opera which he will explain and
Illustrate,
An Insolvent Banker.
Antonio Friant, accountant, San Jose,
filed a petition In insolvency yesterday in
the United States District Court. His lia
bilities are J12S.79S 55 and he has no assets.
His principal creditors and the sums due
them are as follows: Union Savings Bank
of San Jose, $23,310; Ollie F. Frost. $5000-
C. W. Chllds and others. $5030 90; F. F.
Britton and others, $."^59 89; John Freuler,
$4256 65, and $100 to each of the stockhold
ers of the insolvent Union Savings Bank
of San Jose.
Mr. Friant Is also a dirpctor of the bank.
Finest of Its Kind.
No, b*\-erasre of recent years has met with
ruch pronounced success with the general pub
lic m BLACK & TAN— "The American Porter"
—Its popularity being due to tts true merit
SAYS MAINE CHILDREN
WERE NOT KIDNAPED
Judge Cabaniss, However, Holds
They Were Taken From Their
Mother Illegally. '
The case of M. J. White, secretary, and
Officer McMurray of the California So
ciety for the Prevention of Cruelty to
Children, and Robert N. Maine, charged
with Kidnaping the four children of Mrs.
Vincent George, Maine's divorced wife,
from her house, 468 Tehama street, Tues
day afternoon, was heard before Judge
Cabaniss yesterday.
Mrs. George, her sister-in-law. Mrs.
Mary George, and her daughter. Cora, all
testified that the two officers and Maine
called at the house and carried away the
children, but she exonerated Secretary
White from taking any active part in the
proceedings. They all eald that Mc-
Murray had called Mrs. George and her
daughter a vile name and had slapped
Mrs. George.
The defendants denied using any vio
lence or vulgar language. The children
had been taken from the mother, as it
was feared she would secrete them to
avoid service of the court in the suit to
have a proper guardian appointed. There
was no intention of taking them out of
the county or State.
The Judge in dismissing the case said
that the defendants had without warrant
or legal process taken the children away
from their mother, who was their legal
guardian, according to the decree in the
divorce suit. The prosecution had, how
ever, failed to show that there was any
Intention to take the children out of the.
county or State, which was essential in a
case of kidnaping, and if any offense had
been committed It was the fajse imprison
ment of the children, which was a mis
demeanor.
INCIDENTS IN POLICE COUBT.
Reveng-e of a X.ady Boarder Who "WTas
Ordered to X«eave a House.
Mrs. Clara Cowing, who has a lodging
house at 553 Geary street, swore to a com
plaint in Judjre. Mogan's court yesterday
t or . the arrest of "Jane Doe" I>ars»en.
clerk in a photograph gallery, on the
charge of malicious mischief. MIs« Lar
een was a roomer in the house and got
notice to leave. Out of revenge sh»
threw ink on the walls end wrote all over
the wallpaper with an Indelible pencil.
Frank Williams, alias Contreras, was
F«>ntenced by Judge Fritz yesterday to
thirty days in the County Jail for steal
inK a goVd wat£h. and bracelet from Mrs.
A- Knowlton, 25 Fulton street. He wa*
also sentenced to pay a fine of $00, with
the alternative of sixty days in jail, for
obtaining a suit of clothes from a tailor
on O'FarrHl street by false pretenses.
T. A. : Brunswtek " of the Anita Wine
Company. 140 ¦ Third street, swore to a
cnmplalnt in Judpe Cabanlss' court yes
terday for the arrest of George J. Linden
feld for obtaining money by false pre
tenses. Ho bought $3 50 worth of wine,
givini? In payment a check for $16 50 on
the California Safe Deposit and Trust
Company, receiving- the balance In cash.
The check was found to be worthless.
A warrant was obtained from Judge
Fritz yesfrday for th<» arrest of James J.
Rlley on thf* charge of errand larceny.
Rilpy lives near the rarhoupe' of the Ban
Francisco and San Mat«o electric road at
Sunnyside, and it is allee^d that h<? stole
the timber of a ID.OW-gallon tank that had
been taken down for removal and made a
floor with It Jn his ynrd.
IT. S. MARSHAL SHINE
BRINGS GOOD NEWS
Finds the Sentiment of the Business
Community in the East for
McKinley.
. UnltPd States Marshal John H. Shine re
turned from New York yesterday, after
delivering Julian Arnold, accused of em
bezzlement, to two British agents in that
city. Mr. Shine took a look at the politi
cal situation there and says that he does
not wonder at the 4 and 6 to 1 beta made
on the success of the Ilepublican Presi
dential ticket.
Marshal Shino found among a large
number of business men in New York
lifelong Democrats, a feeling that Presi
dent McKlnley Iri the safer man for the
country and that the election of Mr
Bryan would so unsettle public confidence
that much injury to business would be the
result. He found also that ail the Demo
cratic noise was being made by the old
lammany henchmen and that the busi
ness community did : not share In the
hurrah.
Passing through Chicago Mr. Shine
learned that Mr. Cooper of the great de
pa rtmont store firm of SIgel. Cooper & Co
had come out for McKlnloy and that a
large number of his business associates
had done likewise. Four years ago Mi
C..-.p' t r uiesid*] at a gi Mt ma« niectinp
hold .n Chicago for Bry.i.i.
Three prisoners with long terms to serve
escaped from Alcatraz Island during the
early hours of Wednesday. They were
Frank Kinne, with fifteen years to serve;
C. F. JIuntlngton, serving a ten-year sen
tence, and J. M. Polls, with live" years to
do..
The escape was evidently the result of
a prearranged plan, as it was made from
the hospital, where the guard is not so
strict.
The men complained a few days ago of
being ill and made the complaint so often
that at last they were assigned to a ward
in the hospital. Opportunities were not
lacking for the successful carrying out
of their plans. The men cut the bars In
the wlnuows and when a chance offered
crawled through and dropped to the
ground.
Although the hospital is surrounded by
sentries, the three convicts were not ob
served. They reached the bench, Jumped
into one of the boats used by the Govern
ment employes and rowed away. No trace
of them has been found.
The boats were always kept there, but
in anticipation of just such an event the
oars were removed. It is probable that
the men had assistance from outsiders,
who placed oars where they could easily
be found.
ivinne s sentence of fifteen years was
given for desertion and treason. He de
serted from his regiment in Manila and
some weeks afterward was found In tfi«
company of a number of Filipinos, who
paid he was holding a commission In their
army.
A board, consisting of Colonel William
I-i. Forwood, assistant surgeon" general;
Major Robert J. Oibson. surgeon, and Act
ing Assistant Surgeon W. 11. Winterberg,
has been appointed to examine the phy
sical condition of Captain John A. Lock
wood. Fourth Cavalry.
Captain Harry A. Smith. Fifteenth In
fantry, has been ordered to the Presidio
for temporary duty with recruits, await
ing transportation to Manila.
The Hospital Corps men who returned
on the Meade have been assigned to duty
at Fort McDowell.
TRAITOR KINNE
FLEES PRISON
Escapes From Alcatraz in a
Small Boat With Two
Other Prisoners,
NEW YORK, Xov. I.— Before starting
for Ban Frar.ciseo Maurice Grau hnd a
long conference with Charles Frohman
to-day and definitely settled all arrange
ments for the.Bernhardt-Coquelin season
In New Yoric city, which is to commence
at the Garden Theater Monday, November
26, and which is to last five weeks, during
which the entire, repertoire Is to be per
formed; The orOer of performances has
been arranged as follows. Durinj? the
week beginning November 26 "L'Aiglon"
will be . given, eight performances— six
r.ig-hts, two matinees — with Mme. Bern
hardt as Due de Reichstadt and. M. Co
quelin as Flambeau. During the week
commencing December 3 "Cyrano de Ber
gerac" will be given, eight performances —
six . nights, two' matinees— with Mme.
Lernhardt as Roxane and M. Couuelin as
Cyrano. During the week commencing
December 10 three plays will be produced.
Monday evening. December 10; Wednes
day matinee, December 12, and Saturday
evening. December 15, "L.a Tosca" will be
given, with Mme. Bernhardt as Floria
Topca and M. Coquelln as baron Scarpia.
On Tuesday evening, December 11: Thurs
day evening 1 , December 13. and Saturday
matinee.. December 15, ".L,a Dame Aux
Camillas" will be.:given. with Mme. Bern
hardt as Marguerite Gauthlers and M.
Coquelin as George Duval. On Wednes
day and Friday evenings, December 12
and 14. "Frou Frpu" will be given, with
Mme. Bernhardt as Gilberte and- M. C'o
quellri as. Bri^rard-' During the week com
mencing December 17 "Hamlet" will be
given, eight performance?— six nights and
tya -matinees— with Mme. Bernhardt as
Ilamlet and M. CoQuelin as the First
CJrave-Dlgger. For the farewell \\ - eek.
commencing December 24, the repertoire
has not yet be^n decided upon.
Mr.; Grail and Mr. Frohman have ar
ranged . that . various sub-ticket offices,
fiifh a-s those at various hotels, shall sell
teats for these- performances at regular
box-office rate?, instead of the usuai ad
vanced rate?, and it Is hoped that no
tickets, will fall into speculators' hands.
Prices have been arranged at from Jl 50
trj IS for the bes.t seats. . ;
Famous French Actress to
Be Seen as Hamlet
in New York.
ARRANGEMENTS
FOR BERNHARDT
The Supervisors' Police Committee re
ported yesterday in favor Of the indefinite
postponement of the ordinance prohibit
ing persons from .visiting saloons, cafes,
etc.. where liquor?, drinks or cigars are
dispensed and where card pames are
played or carried on. The ordinance wa3
introduced by Supervisor Comte and was
especially aimed at the suppression of the
card games carried on In the Cafe Royal.
The committee took the ground that the
Police Commissioners have full power to
withhold licenses and thereby close such
places. Similar action was taken with
the proposed ordinance making it unlaw
ful for any person to deal, play at or
conduct any game of cards in a saloon or
room connected therewith where drinks
or clears are dispensed. The report of
the committee says:
V.'e, recommend the Indefinite postponement of
the ordinance on the ground that public gamb
ling only exists In conjunction v.ith the sale of
Intoxicating liquors airl a refusal to Issue such
li. -orison will Inevitably repult In the stoppnee
of the gambling. These ordinances place the
power to issue permits to gamble In the hands
of the Police Commissioners. That body al
ready has the power to stop any public gamb
ling by the <-xerci*e of th«> power of revocation
of the llQiior licences.
Supervisor Reed tried to have Incor
porated in the report a recommendation to
the Police Commission that it regulate
public pamblinp in tho Cafe Royal and
any other place of which complaint is
made In the manner indicated. Tobin.
however, demurred to this and the clause
was stricken fmm the report.
Playing.
Supervisors Refuse to Pass
Ordinances Against Card
POLICE MUST
NOW TAKE ACTI0N
NEW 21AJJ-AGER NAMED
TO HEAD BREWERIES
Thomas Alton Succeeds to the Posi
tion Formerly Occupied by C.
B. Stone.
The Ban Francisco Rreweries, Limited,
have. & new manager. He. is Thomas Al
ton, formerly of . Manchester, England.
%vho ha* b't-n loofc'iig out for the affairs
cf the EjndicateEir.ee the death of OB.
6tone. Mr. Alton is still a youag man.
but has had wide business experience. He
is entirely familiar with the business of
the San Kraccisco Breweries. Kleven
years, a^ro he came to this State and he
.was the auditor for the consolidated com
panies for a time. When C. B. Stone be
came manager «f the corpo ration syndi
cate's business Mr. Alton was selected els
rls -a-s^istant.- He remained in thai capa
city up to the time of the death of Mr.
SUTie. He has done all the work oj gen
frai manager eince Mr. Stone died.
The election to the position of manager
was made by tho directors, who met re
cently in Manchester for that purpose.
There' are six breweries operating under
the direction of the syndicate. The com
pany, closed several establishments. The
plants are in San Francisco. Oakland and
SanJose. There are between &» and 600
tn en .employed by the corporation. The
appointment- -of. Mr. Alton is popular
smorp the brewers. He is vice president
ftrid a director in th^ Brewers' Association.
DESI w™-^x^^ T1ES OF Washington; d. c. offered in the competition' for a ruggesive
rSn *h!?ZSuS?i^8 cauSe N memory of California volunteers who gave their Lives
space was found necessary for . the dis
play.
An Inspection of the models was held
late yesterday afternoon by Mayor Phe
lan, M. H. de Young and \V. J. Martin of
the committee and Secretary H. C. Mc-
Pike, and the unanimous verdict was that
the collection furnished, a fine and artistic
display. . . '
There will be no small field to choose
from, nor has the competition for honors
been confined to artists of any particular
section. From all parts of the United
States sculptors of universal note . hayp
presented their plans, and in their en
deavor to secure the approval of their
work have brought out their best Ideas.
From Paris -jomes the design, of a Call
fprnlan who has adopted the French capi
tal as his home. Tilden has offered a
beautiful piece of work, and Schmid Is
represented by a clever design. L. Ama
ties of Washington. D. C, is among the
other competitors. ¦ .
THE suggestion of the executive
committee for the reception of the
returning California volunteers
which called for the erection of a
monument to the memory of the
soldiers and sailors of this State who had
given th?1r lives in upholding their coun
try's cause is nbout to be realized.
With the sum of $25,000 on hand as - a
balance of yie fund collected for the
home-coming welcome of the First Regi
ment, the committee, has more than
enough money to: purchase and any
one of the many monuments offered, the
models and drawings of which were un
veiled yesterday at the Art Institute.
The part of the lower floor of the build
ing which was set apart for the exhibi
tion of the models and designs was in
sufficient to accommodate the number
that was put In competition, and more
Many Beautiful Models and Designs by Sculptors of Note
Unveiled at the Art Institute.
Will Take Middle Course Regarding
Demand That Fairmount and
Burnett Schools Get Higher
. ' ¦ .'¦ ¦ Rating. . : ;
. "• .. ':•' — — — »^^ . ' ¦ . ¦ ¦ ¦ ' : •
The Board of Education has dfcided to
designate the Fairmount and Burnett:
schools as .intermediate grammar, schools
and as a consequence the salaries of the
principals of the twa schools, will be in
creased from $12i to $153 per. month. This
proposed' action on the part of the board
is the result of its: attention -having been
called by Superintendent Webster. to the
fact that he had designated the institu
tions as ."-grammar schools, yet the prin
cipals were only in'receipt of the primary
schcfol. salary of $135 per month. ¦
Webster bases his designation on the
rule .which he recently promulgated that
schools. haying mixed grades shall! be re
garded as grammar schools when the
average daily attendance in the grammar
classes is 175 pupils. The Board of Edu
cation, .however, has adopted a resolutlcn
fixing the attendance required for gram
mar schools at 250 pupils. The board does
not- recognize the authority of the Super
intendent, to fix the grading cf schools
and the latter official claims that the
board is usurping his prerogative in so
aoing. - - - : ¦ -.¦-¦-
In • endeavorirg to Induce '-the board to
recognize the Fairmount and ; Uurp.ett
schools a> grammar, schools, Webster di
rects attention to the attendance of gram
mar pupils for the month of August in
those two schools and the Wusnington
School, which the board designates as a
grammar school. The figures are: Wash
ington Grammar, enrollment, 250; aver
age' attendance. 204.1. Fairmount Pri
mary, grammar pupils' enrollment. 2C6;
average attendance, ;I47. Burnett Pri
mary, '202; average attendance, 185.3..
It will be observed that the ngures of
the ' Fairmount School exceed the 250 re
quired by the' board, yet it is rated as a
primary school. The Washington, on the
other hand, with a bare 250 enrolled and
an attendance of only 224.1, i3 recognized
as a grammar school by the board.
Webster regards . this as being incon
sistent on the part of the board. He haa
since written the words "partial pay
ment" en the' monthly demands of- the
principals of the Fairmount and Burnett
schools, calling for $135. as he believes
them to be entitled to $175. :
. "We have practically derided to make
the Fairmount and Burnett schools inter
mediate grammar schools.' 1 said Chair
man Mark yesterday. "Our attention
was called some time ago to the status of
the schools by 'Superintendent : Webster,
We will not make them grammar schools,
but. feel that their attendance warrants
our taking a middle course. In this way
the principals will receive JloO per "month,
just as intermediate grammar schools
were established by the last board." ;. . '
The Board of Public Works yesterday
appointed P. M. Wellin to be inspector of
repairs to public buildings. Mr. Wellin
will serve one day in order to test the as
sumption by the Board of Public Works
of the duty of making repairs to school
houses, which are paid for out of the
common school fund. This course has
been opposed by Superintendent "Webster
and the courts will bo called on to decide
the disputed point. The Board Of Edu
cation will meet this morning to sign
Wellln's demand for one day's pav and
will join with the Board of Works In hav
ing the controversy over school repairs
settled at once. •
Board Will Establish Iuter
* mediate Grammar
¦¦ Schools.
MORE SALARY
FOR PRINCIPALS
Reports Are Received and Speakers
Discuss Phases of the Nine
teenth Century's De
velopment. > -"
¦ ¦"¦ — ? — r— •
The fittf-flfth quarterly convention of
<;-ld*n Gate Union of Christian Endeav
.-r*>rs took place last evening in Trinity
i-r^Pbyteiian Church, at Twenty-flfth anil
P*pp streets. ¦Delegates- ¦.'•from-- many
i hurches were In attendance. The audi-
I ri^rn wa.s ¦ -decked with flowers. Kxer
<-:?=es -were opened with a praise service,
r.i which the entire convention to the
DUfllber of about 2i«u delegates and others
took part. An address of welcome was
ceUrered by Rev. \V. T. Aloxander. who
many kind things about the Kn-
G^avorersand their work and greeted them
neat tlly. Rev. J. a. Thomas led in iho
scripture reading and prayer. The choir,
vrmen was . very large, sang an anthem
R?l< * V, n a busicoss session took place,
at which r* parts wore received from 0:8
cp and del^gatc^ concerning a variety
01 maxters. ¦ i"he. reports. Indicated that
incmctnberehlp Is large and that the
workers are meeting-.- with success.
¦When the business session, was oxer
There., vas-a <3L«cus3ldn of topics of the
nineteenth century; Ifie speakers and
their topics % ere a* follow?: '.'The Pro
ffress of the World In th^ Nineteenth Ceu
tury."^ Rev. K. C. B*be0ck; "The (Jreat
Ii»liKlous Movements of the N'inrteenth
¦¦Century /' -Re-v. S. D. Hmsinpilier, 1>. D,:
"The Outlook forthe 1 weniietn Century,
Rev- F. B. Cherington. •
The choir sang an a-nthem and conse
cratioa, and rolicall wonr.d up the formal
exercises. Afterward a eocial time inter
vened.' the visitinK «1el^gates l)einp enter
tained bythe po>,j>le n£ the Trinity Presby
terian t-nurch. ' An orchestra of the young
people played several selections for the
pleasure of tbe delegates. :" •¦¦ .
Golden Gate Union Holds Its
Quarterly Session in .
Mission.
ENDEAVORERS
IN CONVENTION
MONUMENT WILL BE ERECTED TO
MEMORY OF THE FALLEN HEROES
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL., FRIDAY, NOVEMBER 2, 1900.
7
5 "I Dt\l V" E mokele« Powder. In tnJk
¦ ¦I BfUl " n4 *°a4<>(] tn rh'Ut. p^nd
j ll 8! faff B Yor cat>l^ u » °t "porting
yyisyf rood* CEO. W. RHItEVE
¦^*- ¦ - . 7» Market at.
COMPANY'S .EXTRACT
of Beef simplifies sick room
cookery. A cup of rich beef
tea in a minute, before the
invalid's fancy # foi food has
passed away, y*
The jrennlae always \_*_ ¦ f~ , J?*
bears this kl^natora Jr^t7 m ' • Wi^W C «
lnblaet (/
VOTE FOR
Seriate
Constitutional
Amendment No. 15
THE 6EVFVTH AMEXDMENT- OX
THE TICKEJ- PRO VI DIMO FOR THE
PAYMENT OF TEACHERS' SALAR.
1ZS AM' OBLIGATIONS. OL'E TO
Merchants of San F/ ancisco
Dr. Voorsanger Resumes I/ectures.
This evening Rev. Dr. Voorsanger, rabbi
of the Tempi* Emanu-El. will b^gln the
UFi.nl course of winter Friday evening lec-
tures. The first series is entitled "Plain
Talks for Plain People." and the opening
subject will be "Rome and L-ondon: or, A
Talo of Two Cities and Two Ages." These
lectures are usually attended by the com-
munity at largo without regard to creed.
Good Judgment & *f>o<i tn*te lend to *?leetlon
cf BVANS' ALE & STOUT for a beverage or
tonic. Backed by 114 years' popularity. •
ADVERTISEMENTS.
STYLISH*-
PROPER
RAIXY;DAV
4^ SKI RTS.
: ¦:¦: '-... : made of heavy
¦ :; '¦'¦¦'': '/<rt^: '.".¦'¦ Plaid Back
fi^jk Gotlv w lt h
/ A > -*7*y P?ck c t 5 -;¦
I IX"'- %/ Griped seam?.
\g "'V flare bottom*.,
uf \ and finished
[ft \ with yoke belts
. :/ B - \\ buckles.
./ 'fr A Jh«e Skirts
A jfifV:'- *H| stand the
m*tH ' <ni»H wet weather
>J^^^^^^^3 and will not
~ifl^^ shrink or wrin-
-*£/ kle; jou can
.u —n*j- ',' always wear
them with pleasure.
Price*? ST.50 to $12.00
V^We have a specially sood Rainy-
Uzy J>k;rt, m all-wool cloth for
..... . . . . . ... . . .ut.i.OO
v R AIXV-DAV DRESSES, with
Blouse or Eton Jackets and nmner
Skirts; tan?., grays and blues-^
Prices $I5.OO to 827.5O
FUR CAPES~AND JACKETS,
.ELECTRIC SEAL FUR
JACKET made up as eletrant as a
s«J«kin; looks as well; will *ear
better; all sizes— .
Price $30.00
CHINA SEAL FUR CAPES
tv:th Astrarcan yoke; satin iined —
T4 inches deep $ 10.00
16 inches 1 2.50 •
iS inches 15.OO'
FUR COLLARETTES, in many
fashionable fur combinations; worth
$7.00—. ¦¦¦- ¦;:.; .. r /J ¦¦ . .
Special at S4.5O
HEAVY QUALITY TAFFETA
SILK WAISTS, lined throughout;
all over tucked; black, red and all
the new shades: a $ooo oualitv.
Specially priced 87. OO
GOLF CAPES, in entirely new
Plaids and new styles—
67.5O to 612.50
KELLY G-LFBBjBS'
CLOAK AND SUIT HOUSE,
12O Kearny Street.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
¦ - : -.»¦--.¦ ¦ ' v
918=920=922
MARKET STREET.
To-Nluht. to-morrow nljrht. matln^f to-mcrrow.
Last Times of
"FOR HER SAKE"
Th« Pucf^ssful Russian Melodrama.
Xext Sunday afternoon, the effervescent ec-
stasy cf laught-r. "WHOSE BA3Y ARK
YOU?" TJaual popular rrlcea.
J SPECIAL. |
TO-DAY AT S:13 I'. M.
: Second explanatory recital nt the piano by
MR. WALTER DAMROSCH.
•T'lE WALKCRE."
Morday Afternoon, Nov. 5 "SirOFKIED"
Wednesday Afternoon. Nov. 7
"OOTTERDAMMERUNG"
PRICES—^1 Sii. >!. 5"c.
NOTE— Owinsr to the Immense demand fcr seats
STUART ROBSON
And his excellent *uj>portlnw company will con-
tinue to present
OLIVER GOLDSMITH
ALL, THIS WEEK.
' INCLUDING StTNDAT.
And for the first 3 NIOHTS OF NEXT WEEK.
MATINEE THI3 SATURDAY.
. . Profe*?Ional Matlitee next Wednesday.
Next Thursday and remainder of week.
"SHE STOOPS TO CONQUER."
':. '-; Stuart Robscn as Tony Lum^kln.
TO-NIGHT AND SATURDAY EVENING.
MATINEE TO-MOKROTV AND StTNDAT
¦.-':¦ ¦•¦•¦'.¦-. NIGHT. C-'i-tJ i *V'j
"GAFtMEN"
NEXT WEEK-r^AST TIME3 OF
"OTHELLO," v
"TROVATORB, >r
"CARMEN.r
POPULAR PRICES : :^:.':tic and SOo
RACING I RACING! !
.'¦¦¦¦ ¦¦ 190<V- WINTER MEETIN<i-l?0i.'
CALIFORNIA JOCKEY- CLUB.
J»OV. JD TO NOV. HTH. IN'rtrUSIVE, i
\ OAKLAND RACirrn^CK.. ,¦
Racing Monday, Tuead^yy Wednesday,- Thur»-
day. Friday and Saturday. Unlftgr *hrn*. L .
-Five or more races eaeh day. .'. : ¦¦.'¦. \ -.'
Jlac.99 -tart at 2U5 p. ¦ m. ¦ «h«rp» -'¦'> :'_'- : -":_-
Terry-brats legve San- Tmncigfio atI3 m. and
12:3ft. 1. J:?rt. 2, 2:30 and S-p. rai,. conaectlnj
with, trains, stopptnj at the enfr»n<*e ; to th» ;
track; Last twor cars on train .-r4Jn«ni'<r<i fop
ladies and thetr escorts: n« smnktaK. . Buy your
ferry tickets : to ghell Mound. An trains vl*
Cakiandmole connect wtth ?a,n P^blo avenu*
ci«vtric cars at Seventh. and CroaJway, Oak-
land. Also all train* via A!*m»da. root* con-
nect with San Publo arenue car» at' Fourteenth,
and Broadway. Oakland. . Thw* electric cars
*Ti> direct to the- track in flft?»n rinfnut»». ' •
Keturnlrg— Trains lear? the track at: 1:15 and
4:45 p. m. and lmmeijirttely after the Ia«.t race..
THOMAS 11. WILLIAMS Jit. PresicJen^
R. B. MILRQT. gegretary. ---•.;•¦- .
CHUTES AND^zbo. 1^^^ 1
BIG VAUDEVILLE SHOW I
TESS AND HER BABY gONKEY.
THE CONGa FAMILY,
TO-MORROW NIGHT— CAKEV/ALK.
. ' ' Telephone for S*at». Park 23. ' . . . . :
FT<irtoi7R*CI CONCERT HOUSE.
flOtnJla D Admission 10c.
Fourth act of "ERNANir* Faccl. Franco.
Allesandrenl. Puerari. Ovando and Vargaa,
Vocalists... Jo« Hays and Lunette.
Rcserrod Se»ta. 25c; ilal^p Sundaj.
A FEW OF THE VAST KDMBER.CF BARGAINS:
SI.95 for a $6 or $7 Boys' Caps Overcoat; now SI.95
SI.65 for a $5 Boys' Suit, sizes 4 to 7; now SI.65
$4.65 for a Men's $10 Suit, sizes 33, U, 35; now $4.65
$6 85 for a Men's $12.50 Suit, all sizes; now. $6.85
$7.90 for a Men's $12.50 Overcoat; ''now $7.90
4c for a Men's Colored Border Handkerchief; now 4c
NO GOODS EXCHANGED I MAIL ORDERS GIVEN SPE-
; AFTER 10 A. M. ¦ • I CIAL ATTENTION.
The entire stock of Men's and Boys' Clothing,
Furnishing Goods and Hats are now being sacri-
ficed at a;.
¦: We have only thirty days to move and will
hot take one dollar's worth of this stock to our
Kearriy-street store.
I WE ARE COMPELLED TO VACATE CUR
•j* '. ••':¦' ¦¦' ¦ K-.v-; •¦•".•¦' .¦•¦¦'¦ ..'¦''• ¦¦¦¦-¦".¦
| ENTIRE STOCK
{NOW BEING SACRIFICED!
| •-. .
T ¦¦¦¦•¦' ¦¦¦¦¦¦¦' ¦ ¦•¦ ¦ ¦ ¦
£ The entire stock of Men's and Boys' Clothing,
X Furnishing Goods and Hats are now being sacri-
WELLMAN^EGK&CO,
AMTJ3EMEJTTS.
Weak Men: and Women
SHOCL1> USE UAMIANA BITTERS, THB
great : Slexlcao remedy; clvei health and
ttrecftb to eexuai or^a^s. Depot, S3:}UrkeV
Stf Jjfil E& B ffsFSw LmJua & Jg!&& $£jl 3 §$ £&^ &5>ii
AMUSEMENTS.
GRAND" OPERA MOUSE
MATINEES SATURDAY AND SUNDAY.
LAST THREE NIGHTS.
Gllette's Greatest oi All Arnerlran Plays.
SECRET SERVICE
T. DANIEL. FRAWLET as LE^VIS DUMONT.
Monday— "A DIVORCE CpLONT."
EVENING PRICES....... .10c. 15c. 25c r 50c
A Few Fiont Rows In Orchestra. 75c.
MATINEE PHICES : ..Ulc. 15c, 23c. 5Oc
• . i Branch Ticket Office — Ernportum. '- .
GRAND OPERA SEASON
MAURICE GRAU OPERA CO.
From the Metropolitan Opera-house. N<^w Tork.
THREE WEEKS— Commencing Nov. 13.
AT MOROSCOS GRAND OPERA-HOUSE.
.. Beginning \\*lth an Elaborate Production
: of Gounod'» ." ¦
••ROMEO ET JULIETTE."
To be followed the first week by "Tannhau-
ser," "Alda." "Faust," "LohenRrln." "Lucia
dl I^arr.mermoor" and "The Flying Dutchman."
Later In the season "The' Nlbelungen Ring" of
Wajrner will b* riven for the first time.
Sale »>r. Suhserlr-tlon Seats closes to-morrow
at 5 o'clock. at Kli'rman. Clay ft Co. 1 !.
i Prices for season of Z6 performances, J33 to
5100. according to location. Proscenium and
Balcony Boxes. $:>cn to $1000. : SInele Nlcht
Hnle heelns November 7 at Morocco's. Grand
Opera-house. Prices ?: to IT. :
: Positively, no veats re?pr»m for Single Nights
until Subscription Pale terminates. .:. . . ¦.'¦
WEBKR PIANOS USED.
BEST SHOW IN TOWN. BEST PEOPLE IN
VAUDEVILLE.. -
DOLAN ANDLENHAB,R,PRELLE'S
TALKING DOGS, JOHNSON.
KIANO AND BENTLiEY, HOW-
ARD AND BLAND, GEORGE
:; EVANS, ;•;-.. ¦--.|V; ;'¦.¦:. ';:?•;['/¦
LES FR ASETTIES. WORLD AND HAST-
INGS. BLANCHE RING. LIZ- ••-.--
: . : ZIE B. RATMONP. . ,
Tl«rerved Seatn. . 23c: Balcony. 10e.: Oiv*ra
Chairs and Box Seats. 50c. ; '.- .
Matinees Wednesday, Saturday and Sunday. .
: : LAST THREE NIGHT3. •
MATINEE TO-MORROW AND SUNDAY.
. THE ROMANTIC DRAMA, ¦ ¦ '-.'.'. -
NORTHBRN
SEATS NOW READY FOR NEXT WEEK.
" LOST PARADISE,"
ALF ELLINtJHOUSE Prop, and Mct.
. .. PHONE SOUTH .770. '¦.
Our Capacity Is Bcinft Tested to the
Very WalU of Thin Oift Theater.
' Seat Sala Go«s on With Great Rapidity. ¦ *',
the: king
-OF THE— . . . ¦-. •: •
art UM RING!
. ¦¦ Matinee Saturday and Sunday.
MONDAY.. NEWSBOYS' NIGHT.
TUESDAY EVENING-Election Returns
will be read from the sta&e-complete
service. :• - . • '
Evenlns... ••...".... 15c, 23c. S5c. . BOc and 73c
Matinee .- 15c. 25c. 35c and 50c
. . KaxlVX YOUNO WIFE."
--..-..¦.-« . " . ¦ 'i •--,...-¦¦-¦•*
6gi§?<K^ Th« Yankee Seoirtporsotd by Boer», '
_JN& Acrow (Tie vcMt ha* rlddsn.
Ty* A cruel ballet kills bis horse,
/^nJ*J Behind wtikh he tuc hidden.
"Tts no avail— his game defenw— \^v^y~^
SkJU unto numbers falling, * \j
'¦ A prisoner to the hostUs camp s^-~b
Tbe Boers are quickly haulln;. s"^ <f
iJW JHornlnt reveal* a pressing need &£
v\ r 9 Of some sustaining ration ; Cb
lU lJ&[ The Scoot l» told hl» provender Sf
VA""pTl t*4 ulrc * * n explanatlan. ,CV
aood-natnradly he illustrates v . y£f"&k ¦
The culinary wrinkle, ' / 4^TW
I And H-0 boiling In the pot : ;
; Is ready In a twinkle.
ii ••.••:'" '"¦ ' ••¦.:..
What I* H-O?" The Scout explains, B |i
• 3fcij^U^ rile ' ood ' or b^V' bone an<1 brain J— R ¦
' IB^^ttam-cooktd and ready in a wink : »«*
tn V. S., where people tWnk." K^
A little while and he Is free >^kT
Across tbevtldt to go—
» HI* waa an extra mouth ta feed, r *yl V>
'¦;[ The Boers now eat H-O. C
H-0 (Hornby's Steam Cooked.Oattncal)—
theldcal food for. Carap—
isia all respects Baperlor^
iotbt namerous Breakfast cereals
of present day dSitJncttoa.
Oats contain all the elements oTnutritioa
de'eessary for the body—. .
being* full ration, 00 which lite
can be wholly sustained.
H-0 is a sdentiffe oatfood
in rolled form.
;'¦•¦' ¦ ' ...Democrats at Pioneer Hall.
The Bryan, and Stevenson Club of tho
Twenty-eighth and Twenty-ninth Assem
Forty-Third District Meeting.
A mass meeting will be held to-night at
California Hall, under the auspices of tha
Forty-third Assembly District Ppmisiiran
Club (anti-boss) to TatlfyThe. SYniuon
of James D Hart for Assemblvman W
fhe^ting* ™ MdrX
Says Truysts Are Good. Things.
ST. LOUIS. Nov. 1.— James H. Eckels,
ex-Comptroller of the Currency, addressed
a large audience in Music Hall . to-night
on the Issues of the present campaign.
He declared that trusts or vast aggrega
tions of capital were good things for the
country, in . that they benefit the country
by lessening the cost of staple articles to
the individual. The profit to the manu
facturer will, he contended, with the
cheapened cost, increase. He said he did
not know of- a public man who had
achieved success who would defend illegal
combinations of capital, but that he did
know of many; men of large business ex
perience, many of prominence in the stu
dent world of student life, who not only
approved of large aggregations of capital
but were ready to defend them/ Mr. Eck
els defended banks and other money loan
ing corporations.
Candidate Woolley's Tour.
CAMBRIDGE, Ohio, Nov. 1.— The Pro
hibition special train arrived at wheeling,
W. Va.. last night and remained on a sid
ing until 9 o'clock this morning. The first
speaking of the day was held sit the train
from 7:30 to 9 o'clock. The second stop of
the forenoon was at Bellalre, Ohio.
Quaker City was reached at 12 o'clock.
Candidate Wooliey made a ten-minute
speech to an enthusiastic crowd of 400
persons. At Cambridge an hour's stop
was made. One thousand persons, at
tended the meeting, which was held at the
public square. In the afternoon stops were
made at New Concord, Zanesvllle and
Delaware, and Fostorla was reached for
the night meeting.
Lynch Succeeds Donnelly.
INDIANAPOLIS, Nov. 1.— James M.
Lynch, the new president of the Interna
tional Typographical Union, to-day suc
ceeded S. B. Donnelly, the retiring presi
dent. The headquarters of th.e union are
here. .... " ¦¦-:•;-¦• . ' _ . .
Additional Arrests Probable.
NEW YORK, Nov. 1.— In addition to the
confession obtained from Jones much in
formation was obtained from the valet in
regard to the finances of the old million
aire and the various documents he signed.
This will prove ol great value to the Texas
heirs in the event of civil litigation.
Other arrests may be made as a result
of Jones' confession, but no steps ln this
direction will bo made until the state
ments of the vnlet have been verified.
The report from the hospital at mid
night was that Jones was out of danger.
Stevenson Makes Speeches.
PERU, Ind., Nov. 1.— Adlai E. Stevenson
made four speeches here to-day. The oc
casion was the Democratic barbecue for
Northern Indiana. About 2000 people were
in attendance. Mr. Stevenson was in ex
cellent trim and at all of his speeches
dwelt with great emphasis on the ques
tions of trusts, imperialism and tho army.
His first speech to-morrow will be at
Auburn, Ind.
APPEALS TO CITIZENS
TO OPPOSE GAMBIJNG
Merchants' Exchange Raview Comes
Out Strong Against Fools-ell
. ing Ordinance.
The Merchants' Association's Review,
published monthly by the board of direc
tors, wag Issued yesterday. It contains
an appeal to the citizens of San Francisco
to vote against the poolselling ordinance
at the election next Thursday. The ap
peal says: . .
. "The appalling history of communities
stricken with theblight of public gambling
should be ample warning to our citizens
to save our beloved city."
John T. Doyle has written an able
article for the Review on "The Municipal
Ownership and Management of Public
Utilities in. San Francisco."
GEORGE G. RADCLIFF, Republican
nominee for re-election to the Assem
bly in the Fifty-third District, Santa
Cruz County, was born in Grass Valley,
Cal., February 6, 1SCS. He received a
grammar school education in Grass Val
ley. He moved to Watsonville, Cal., in
18«2 and entered a printing olllce. Subse
quently he became foreman and manager
of the Pajoronian. He took an active In
terest in local affairs and was elected City
Clerk and Assessor of Watsonville.
He was elected to the Assembly in 1898,
and served in the regular session of 1889
and the extra session of 1900. He was a
fearless, outspoken representative of the
people. The bosses early in the regular ses
eion^ found that they could not control his
course. He made an excellent record In
the Assembly and should be re-elected.
Mr. Radcliff is a grand trustee of the
Native Sons, and has served in eight of
the Grand Parlors.
ERNEST WEYAND, Republican nomi
nee for the Assembly in the Tenth :
District, is surely a courageous can-,
dldate. The district, which embraces the
counties of Glenn, Lake and Colusa, gave
Bryan in 1SD0 a majority of 1319. Mr. "VVey
and, however, is popular, progressive and
capable. . His acknowledged . worth, may
enable him to overcome political obstacles
and secure election to the Legislature..
Mr. Weyand was. born near Stonyford,
Colusa County, September 8, 1863.: He
lived on his father's ranch until 1SS6, when
he moved to Colusa.- He graduated from
the Colusa High School in 1SS9. He began
the study of law in the office of II. M.
Alberg, the present Judge of the Superior
Court of CoUisa s County, j In 1S92 Mr. :
Weyand was mected District Attorney of
Colusa County on the Republican ticket,
and was again elected in 1S94. The honor
of a third nomination was' tendered to
him, but he declined toiaccept It. ~ '
As Mr. Weyand made an excellent -rec
ord as District Attorney the Republicans
gave him the nomination - for the As
sembly. . . . .
THOMAS FLINT JR., Republican nom
,inee for the State Senate in tho
Thirty-third District, haa faithfully
served the people of Monterey 'and San
Benito counties at Sacramento. He has
served in the Senate through six regular
sessions and one extra session of the
Legislature, and the fact is widely recog
nized that his constituents hu.. e been ably
represented. He was chosen president pro
tcm. of the Senate on account of his
legislative experience and ability as a pre
siding officer. He is fair and impartial ln
his rulings, and his judgment is seldom
incorrect.
Throughout the State Senator Flint Is
recognized as one of the leaders of the
Republican party. He is noted for, his
Independence of bosses and his consistent
regard for the wishes of the people. Mr.
Flint stands high in the councils of the
Native Sons, as he takes an active In
terest in the affairs of the order.
STROirO TOIL XoKINLEY.
Percival O. Lowe, a Prominent Dem-
ocrat of Kansas, Repudiates
Bryanism.
Percival G. Lowe of Leavenworth,
Kans., a life-long Democrat. State Sena
tor for several terms, brother of Professor
Lowe of Los Angeles, father of the gal
lant Captain Lowe of JLowe's Scouts, who
has performed such conspicuous and meri
torious pervices for his country ln the
Philippines, writes to II. C. Keller of this
city as follows:
Hor nmall a half-educated Bryanlte must
fell In the presence of a man like Don Dickin
son—the formrr talkirs nonsense, the latter
talking patriotism end forthe honor of our great
oour.tr}-. There arc many so-jnd money Demo
crats in Kansas and all are for McKlnley. It
g««ith to me that nothing short of insanity
could induce any man to want a change or vote
against McKlnley. The Pacific Coast is get
tlr.« a wonderful boom on account of the co
lonial acquisitions, the Philippines. Hawaii,
etc.. and no Pacific Coast man of Intelligence
ehoind vote for Bryan. Business should dic
tate the correct policy to pursue.
BUCKNEB /OPPOSES BRYAN.
Former Democratic Vice-Presidential
Candidate Supports EtcKialey. :
I.O»risYnXE. K>-.. Xpv; l.^-General-'Si
mon Bolivar Biickner. candtdate for Vice
President on the : National Democratic
ticket in IS&, has prepared a statement
defining his position on State and. na.
tlonal issues. ; : r- ':.;;. -,-,;-. j.:.;. • ¦-.•- .:-..- .;
- In Ktrntueky, he- says, ilh Bryan ao*
peaxed a* th« advocate eff a macnine or
s lt^ n ? t4 i- tie Prive the majority of voters
o.t their franchise, making it necessary
i or i?Jf moc . ral!? } Q support -the Repubiiean
e f^idate in order to restore ar.d maintain
.General Buckner has no intention of
quiuinjc the Demoeratlc party, but t©
finds Mr. Bryan on a platform oppo«.e.i
to every principle of true. Deaiccracy Ha
Is posing as the friend of the vrag« earner
when tn reality he is the laborer's- enemv"
by gi\-Ing him a 50-cent dollar. He noses
as the enemy of banks, and yet by^reo
coinag& # of silver he would put It m (he
•5? h e a r if°t,, ban H t° P a y o« tneir depositors
at _half the value of their deposits: '
S£.^
lhfN n o°th^s d t ff T^ O rVr SClZUre ° C
General Buckner also regards Mr. Brv,
BRYAN MEN WITH MONEY
Several Small Bets Made la Wall
.:'-- :. ' Street at : 5:to 1.' :/v ; •.
,^ E^, YORK > Nov. l._Thero was^con
siderable interest in election betting ir»
Wall street to-day, occasioned br t^
presence of Bryan money in the
J (c J t . ;Jl ° very lar^ was re
corded, but many small beta were placed
Th© Appearance of the . Bryan men with
their cash did not cause iSiy S* *
change In .the odds. Most of the^onev
placed was at 5 to 1 on McKlnley K -i
a customer Moore & Schley placed ro&i
on McKinley against J20C0 put up bv art
mirers of the Nebraskan. Th? monev"
a V' agcr C fl ln six lots the nan?e 3 or
the Br>an bettors were not disclosed
Numerous H00 bets by Brj-an°fe, wero
made. E. U Mordecal placed sSiw m ,t^
bets on McKlnley at one-half a point un°
r . McK i nl^w and » 1Cl ° each that Welt
h^f. 0X l n(i th 4 e Hoffm an House last night
snlrit" rt on A | ss - ue , °* Kings County waa
ffiSPS^^y^ McKlnley. many
MOWRVS HALL, at the corner of L<a
guna and Grove streets, was crowd
ed with th? Den-iocratlv residents of
Hayf? Valley: la«=t r.ifi:htj ' A. brass band
riisr-ni:rKf:l patriotic 1 .nrusit:.' before the
opening of th* rr.a>?-rn-e«ning and the at
tention of the par^r-ry-Mr was drawn -to
ar.nourc*-ir*ntF '..ot . the rrieetlng: ' by .. iia
mense fire* o-a f'iie corners.' '¦•• •"' •" ¦ " .•
Th« tr>--ct\rig waW...<dl!<»d •¦ tr» order "by
Judge; Robert F«rral.. who - introduced as
the first T^aki rj. Nunan Philirs of Jjois
Ancrl»-s; State '-halrrnaH <>f the: Silver iie
publlcan party; . ' • .
Mr. Xanap. ir. explanation, of his port
tiohas.a Rt->puh 1 lcoil aJdressir.g a . Demo
cratic.audience. -saij luvWasa Republican
atvortjr.g tntho .«lr.ctrinrs of thej party
orga.nlr'ed in the '50'K.. H«.; ?j he *-xpiained.
\sa> still a.I : lepul/i:car.,.l)ut on* opposed Ut
the Itrp-jblicani^m cf ,ih-e present adn>inl?
tratiph. .Th^ efforts iof; ilcKirley and
rtoOFf.velt- lix'.tbtfr >pe#<iies • throujihotit
'•-the. country: he d-fscribej. as ,'*a v.-iiil dis
play' 0f"'i>r>!ttr.(lw3 patriotism..". The Silver
Republican oral 6r was followed, by M.i.«-s
Etta .AVelsh., r.wlips^pg very sweetly scv
era.1 campaign. edr-t's.'. ".-. ' ¦ -
T. I. JFlUpJitrick and Joseph T. O'Con
nor, candidates for the ofiice of Justice of
thfe Peace, followed v%-ith short speeches.
the former' his reasons why he
should te : Etjpported. by residents of the
valley, and the latter discoursing on na
tional issues.. • :• ' '' :.¦'¦¦¦¦¦¦'
Judge Ferral then introduced Alexander
McCii'ilough, cajicijdate for the Assembly
from. • the Tiiirty-teventh District, who
said in part:. " . '. " ;
"This is my fir?t appearnce In the politi
cal arena a;-/d I understand but litile of
th« wavs of poiiticiar.s. but much I. know
that a. legislator. eU-cted by the people,
Khc-i^Id fitand by the people, and this, in
case of my election, I propose to do. ¦ I
hope to be ab'c to tay in the event of my
Berving: you thac I owe my election. to the
people alone and not to any efforts on the
part of men wh? give me their support
and votes for the sole purpose of con
trolling my actions as the representative
from this district."
¦ W E. White, Senatorial candidate from
the Twenty-first District, was the next
speaker and hi* remarks were greeted
with cheers, particularly that portion of
his speech in which. he proclaimed him
self a free • and untrammeled candidate,
who could say he was really and truly a
representative of the people and one who
¦was not the choice or eek-ction of any
particular association or coterie of men.
Mr. "White also discussed national Issues,
urging the. audience to rally to the sup
port of the- Democratic standard-bearers.
Judge Lawlor's appearance on the plat
form was the.cau.«e of long and hearty ap
plause. In a few brief words he recom
mended for J.he suffrage of the voters of
the district the claims of. the Democratic
nominees for the judiciary.
"As an Incumbent," said the Judge.
"1 cannot speak of myself, but I am. will-
Ing that the good people of this district
¦judge from my past record whether I am
fit to be continued as A Judge on the Su
perior bench." . " : •" ":" ;
J. H. Wenry was Introduced next by the
chairman and his appearance was greeted
with cheers. Fart of Mr. Henry's
speech was for the benefit of his fellow
Democratic nominees andthe balance was
devoted to hip own claims for thetvotes of
the people. Mr. Henry said: »
The 6te.te» of California, Oregon eisd Nevada
bav* a dalm pra&sr la Ccnurcea for the pay-
tn<nt of moneys expended by these States In
ecuistiinc and maintaining troops In aid of
t!ie of the rebellion. California's
data axounts :o about $4.(KK).O00. Similar
claims haie br<»n paid by thp Government to
t'.v»niy o«l>i Ftatcs. arrr-untlnn in the a«^reg:ate
to abnut U3.000.009. Thl3 claim of California
has b«*m TavoraMy acted Upon by the Senate
of th? l*->i t '?d State* ami re-efvM the hearty
tupjxrt r.f Senators White and Perkins, as well
as (''mcros^nK-a CXmde, Magutre, Caminctti,
Jtihnson. Mirrrnw ati'l M<-K<-nna. and the active
and ur.';uallnf-d f=upi>ort in speeches made by
S* r.rtor» Teller. Harrier ami Hale. I have
rrcently received an<J have in my possession a
r».'r-.-,lrt» hiftory of these tlaims. and after
tfaeror.*! jnvosticatlon I am convinced that
Uwy ttn just and fair, and should bf» paid, and
if fleeted to C'or.cre-'s I shall undertake to se
cor* the raymrnt of them. The narment. of
this claim has Uen actively r*-flsted by Loud.
B8 arc rronoimp'-fl in favor of a Graduated
i-<-oTie tcx. r«"aliz:r)j? that If the SuDreme
<->'n' nialT-.tain» . Stt! rT^ent position a
rtscUt^Uoral nri'-nilnif :it i r ; r< quired to. cover
the <a<e ffir v.tlch v.-c- s:and. In reducing: the
;>r»M»nr war tax, we are In favor of relieving
the t-onjmon peoril*' o? th;-«e burdens Crst.
The speech of JTr. H«»nry was followed
by others by Bert Schlesinger, . C. S.
Swelpert and Jar.iC8 T. Murphy.
POSTOFFICE INSPECTOR JAMES
j W. ERWIN. who has retufhed from
¦. Manila, where he ¦.was; sent under
orders 1 from .'"WashiriKton fo" ln.«pt ; ct the
postal service :of :. the > : Philippine*. . 13.
very enthusiastic over ¦} our ;"-. new •'. pos^-.
sessions. He is very : plad tha t • the , re-'
election of McKlnleyis assured.as the ad
ministration will- be able to carry: out. the
jgood work that.' }t\ has outUEed and com*
jnen6ed in the islands. : .... ?.•-.;
. In an interview: yesterday the efficient
postpfflce Inspector rnade the following ln-
Xerqs-tlng remarka: : : ", ; /V- :'.."•.¦.
;' "I. left-Sari Frsincfscnf In' July Jast to ro
to Manila to inspect the rnail "system, and
since my return jto the city have forward
ed my reports to headquarters in .Wash
ington. -The -political situation as it ap
pears to- Trie. in Manila is'of stirring Inter
est. Everj'body talks 6f the present cam
paign; and of nothing else. The best in
formed hold that if McKinley Is re-elected
the .Filipinos will submit to; the present
government and cease all their efforts. at
rebellion. A great number of the Filipinos
are under the Impression that if. W. J.
Bryan is elected he- and his adrniristraticrt
will immediately withdraw all troops from,
the islands and leave. the country- entlrely
to native rule. While there- 13 no yerlous
trouble down In tha Philippines there ia a
sort of bushwhacking campaign' belr.g car
ried ion. The natives believe that'by.car
rying- on the warfare they" -are. : creating:
.sympathy In the United States.-. I. dis
cussed the mattef at much .length tv'lth
prominent merchants In Manila, an^l they
are unanimous in the opinion that If Mc-
Klnley is re-eTected as President the na
tives will quit nil hostilities, as their last
hope will be gone,- ' . . .".•-.¦ j • ;/-.-. • ' ¦ :¦
"Manila seemsto be doing a grand conv
: merciat business, and the wholesale ana
retail- districts present a solid substantial
mercantile appearance; .There is no ques
tion in my mind that the Philippines are
valuable possessions for us. The country
is rich and there will be. wonderful . op
portunities as soon as the natives quit
fighting and allow capital to> go Inand4ks
tablish substantial industries. The cli
mate is not a bad one. It Is a little trying
at first, but you soon get used to it. I
met a.nunaber that had come from the
States to Manila and had resided there
more than two years and had never had
a day's illness. The soldiers are ecattered
all over the islands in small groups I
saw very little sickness among them- in
fact, they presented to me a fine physical
and rugged appearance. All. the soldiers
that take care of themselvesrmeet with no
sickness. . ¦ " . ¦ -,,- .
"The civil commission Is dbingr a erand
work down there and getting down to the
bottom of every question that arises I
regard the members most highly, and' we
should await their reports with great in
.terest." ; ¦¦¦".••
speaker, was tendered a hearty reception
when he entered the hall ana his speech
was frequently Interrupted by applause
Joseph M. Plunkett. Eugene Lacy"
Themas J. Horan, Hon. E. C. Farna.
worth of Visalia, J. E. Murphy, T X
Fltzpatrrck. John Prosek. J. T. OConnor;
Daniel S. O'Brien, Cliarles A. Swei-ert
T. M. O'Connor and J.J. Greely were
among the other . speakers. '.-- ;-.. '; .- :• :. I ¦
Brass Bands and Fires Attract a Large Crowd to Mowry's
Hall, Where It Is Regaled With Speeches by Candidates.
HAYES VALLEY DEMOCRATS CHEER
UTTERANCES OF PARTY NOMINEES
PostofRce Inspector Erwin Says i Insurgents think Troops
RE-ELECTION OF MCKINLEY WILL
CAUSE THE FILIPINOS TO SUBMIT
DESERVING OF
ANOTHER TERM
G. G. Radcliff, Nominee for
Assembly -in Santa Crnz.
GOOD RECORD
IN STATE SENATE
Thomas Flint Jr., Republican
Nominee, Thirty-Third,
THREE times last night and in as
many sections of the city Con
gressman Eugene F. loud mount
ed a platform before a .cheering,
phoutlng Repuhlicin audience and
spoke to hla constituents upon tht>!r course
at the; polls next Tuesday.. Kverywhere
he went his presence was gneeted with a
wave of enthustn?m that stopped alb pro
ceedings and left nothing before the house
but -Loud. It was not so much what he
said as how ho said It; It was not so much
the Coi'gTessman as the man; It was not
so much the dignity of his office as it waa
the record he has made that brought th©
people to their feet, their hands and hats
in the air and the ringing cheers upon
their lips. It was a hard tventng-, but
there is something In »*w plaudits of a
people that pays for the toil, and Con
gressman Loud must have been satisfied :
last night. .
At Saratoga Hall Concrrestsman I^oud
opened his evenings speecnmaklng 'U'hen
he was introduced he was greeted with
great applause. In a few neat words he
thanked the audience for the welcome and
then he launched into a discussion of the
issues of the campaign- able and concise
and frequently Interrupted with cheers.
He spoke as follows:
I have been assigned the. task of soeaklnsr
In three different places, and it is not possi
ble tor me to make a Iocs speech to you now,
but I may speak In the hope of making a con
vert to our cause. It is not alone necessary
to defeat Mr. Bryan: it is necessary that Bry
anlsm shall be buried : so deep that he will
never more be a menace to the best Interest of
this country. : It may be that we feel so sate
that he will get a few electoral votes, but we
don't want him to get a single ona If we can
help It. even from the South. • . ' ¦¦
There w-as a livelj^ meetlnsr In progress
In Franklin Hall w*hen Mr. Loud was an
nounced. He was greeted with cheer upon
cheer, which Interrupted the speakers and
drowned out even . the attempts of the
band to add to the welcome. Mr. Loud
was Introduced by_ the chairman of the
meeting, Edmund Tauszky. and his Intro
duction was the signal for another burst
of applause. Mr, : Loud, after explaining
that his time was short, plunged at once
Into a discussion of campaign Issues. He
said: :'...'.: ".;¦¦. : :¦:;¦¦.¦.-.¦ ¦
AH cur D«mocratlc friends ought to do Is to
stand with tills country until we have MtUsa
the difficulty wltb these few brigands now m
arms against us. -: Patriotic men did that in
*«, and when the great questions of the -war
were solved they again resolved theinael.ves
into parties. That Is what they should do
now,"-; •.; : '-.' '. ¦•¦••.'• .- ';¦-'•.¦•.¦"•.•¦¦:
The question Is not the acquisition of ths
Philippines. They are already acquired, aroi
when Mr. Bryan says he-will haul, down the?
flag In the Philippines ho forgets that the
ehtef executive of this nation has n» power to
cede away territory that has become part and
parcel ot this United States. H» cannot do it.
and it is even, a debatable question whether or
not Congress itself can do it. ¦.¦¦¦- ¦-'¦¦ ¦ ¦ ..• .
The meeting In Franklin Hall vr&9 tin
der the auspices of th© Republican Club
of the Fortieth Assembly District. Hanv
llton A. Bauer, the candidate for tho As
sembly from the Fortieth, opened tho
meeting with a speech upon State issues.
He was received with great enthusiasm.
The other speakers were Herrry C. Dibble?.
A. J. Dannenbaum and R. H, Swaxtko-pf.
who spoke on the university tax amend
ment. ¦ • ••*-•;-. :<:"-'---» .¦::•¦: "¦:
There was no time wasted when Loud
came into Stanford Hall, for ho went
from the door to the platform amid a
whirl of cheers, and crce» of "Loud!
Loud:" He was gracefully Introduced by
Merton C. Allen, chairman of the meet
ing, axil there were more cheers when h~©
stepped to the front. He said:
"We hare been arcuTid the outposts this even
ing- to ?°e If the faithful are or. guard, and we
fitid thf> Republicans as watchful to-night as
they were on th« eve of that campaign of ISM.
when the greatest Issues ever presented to thd
country were at stake.
In this campaign we appeal to the citizens
of this country to cast their vote* for Mc-
Klnlpy If for no other reason than to sustain:
tho home, the family, and the fireside we lova
so well. ...
The meeting at Stanford Hall was un
der tho auspices of the Re-publican Club
of the Thirty-fifth Assembly District.
The other speakers of the evening were
Maxwell McNutt. Thomas F. Quinn. can
didate for Justico of the Peace; H. 1^.
Joachlmsen, a similar candidate; Ect K.
Treadwell. candidate for the Assembly
frpm the Thirty-fifth: John S. Partridge,
E. Myron Wolf and R. J. Welch, candi
date for the State Senate from the Nine
teenth. Senatorial District. . .
• ' ! . . ¦ . ~~~~
THE meeting of the Business Men's
Julius Kahn Club, head last night
in .Me-tropolltaji Temple. . proved,
as ¦ one of the speakers put it.
the rnon rrmarkabl«> gathering
ever held In that historic building. Lons
before the hour .<e-t for the • event
every peat on the .floor of the bboJM
was occupied and but. few vacant ones
were left in the gallery. On the plat
form, beneath a device forming the words,
"Non-Partisan Ratification Meeting."' sat
some of San Francisco's most prominent
bnsi&ess men. and the audience was com
posed of a class generally designated as
"sol'd." Ko less remarkable was the en
thusiasm -nhich burst forth almost con
tinually, but reached a particular pitch of
fervency at any reference to President
MrKir.ley, Julius Kahn or the flag. Prior
to Mr. Kahn's. address Alfred C. Ru'ofson,
H. D. IxjveianJ. Thomas R. Banner-man
and C B. Rode addressed the audience.
Although every rpcaker on the pro
gramme was listened to with gr^at ct
tention a.r;d appreciation, the interest of
the meeting evidently centered on the
candidate lor Congress, whose entry was
the signal for prolonged and hearty ap
plause, which deepriifd when he rose to
FI*ak Into a r*><-*>ii;ic.n so enthusiastic
that- it wip the equivalent of an ovation.
Kahn was introduced to the audience by
A. A. Watkins, the chairman of the meet
ing. As boob as quiet could be restored
he began to f-p*ak as follows:
I cannot t<=-Il you hovr deeply I a31
at the ccrdlal reception you have given me
to-nlxttt
As was remarked by one of the gentlemen
who rreoerted rne. it is an unusual thing to
lird t:Uilr.ei?s men taking much of a. hai.d in
potitlcm.
Fen Francisco Is. so far us the national capi
tal is concerned, unfortunately situated. \\>
nre tar from the seat of national affairs. It
b-oomes the duty or your nepre3»>ntatlv« InCoa
his c"r.stituentsr Fo long as I may be your
Representative it eh«ll l«e my pleasure as it
is my duty to go every <lay to the Cacitol to
look carefully efter the interests of my peo
ple from the humblest to the mightiest.
Pome of zr.y work, my duty In Warhingrtoa.
GEORGE A. KNIGHT delivered his
first speech In : San Francisco
since the opening of the . cam
.PRlem at Saratoga Hall last night.
It was a great address, full of
sledge-hammer argument and pitiless
logic, which made no apologies for tha
severity of its conclusions.. The largi
audience was frequently stirred to bursts^
of enthusiastic applause. •••'-¦¦ . .
The meeting was held under tho aus
pices of the Continental League. Frank
D. Worth called the meeting to order and
introduced Benjamin L. McKinlay as
chairman of the evening. After several
songs by the Rough Rider Quintet R, II.
Schwartzkopf was introduced and spoke
briefly in favor of the Stanford Univer
sity constitutional amendment. Congress
man Eugene F. Loud made a short ad
dress.
Knight made the principal address of
the meeting. He spoke for nearly two
hours. He said in part:
Indies and gentlemen: I have traveled some
what over California and have a right so near
election day to eay that I b»lie.ve the Repub
lican party was never In better condition for
victory. I have never found audiences so much
like a jury agreed upon a verdict before the
lawyers began to speak. In this campalga
there is a sort of eplrlt of 'Well, I've made up
my mind. If you've got anything to say I
will listen.' There Is a well defined Repub
lican sentiment throiiehout the State which no
one can criticize and no one can gainsay.
The reason for it 13 sufficient. You have
heurd of Americans in foreign lands going to
the British Consuls for relief when in trouble.
You've heard pe°P Ie criticize American courts
and saying you could get no Justice here.
You've heard people say the white ships of
our navy were a useless expense, and so we
have gone along: crying down our own in
stitutions.
There came the destruction of the Maine,
and our boys aboard that battleship were
wafted into eternity. Every man. woman and
child awoke that morning with the cry' "Re
member the Maine." One man alone remained
firm and just and calm, and that man was
Prerldent McKlnley. I was in the House and
heard Bailey of Texas demand war. He was
the leader of the minority insistent upon war.
The whole country began to criticize the Presi
dent for his delay. Goncress unanimously
tlve in Congress Is called upon to do. this is
work that so long: as I am your Representative
I shall seek to have you ask me to perform.
I love my city and my State. I wont to see
them take a foremost place in the Union and
the world.
We. of thli gre3t State, are far removed from
the older S»atr6 of the East. Perhaps there is
one lesson we m'cht learn from them, that of
keeping our representatives continually In Con
gress. . -
Maine has done this. She wields therefrom
more power than any ether State In the. Union.
A man cannot be chosen chairman of any im
portant committee in his first term, nor yet in
his second. lie has got to be known.
Men retire from Congress, fresh ones are
elected in their places, many changes take
rlace. and it is only In his second or third
terra that a Congressman begins to wield
power. About thirty men in Congress do this.
They virtually govern the nation. See what
Dor/er you have when you get to be one of
these thirty.- :
I am afraid my friends have, exargerated
what I have accomplished. Anything I may
have done has simply been my duty.
Mr. Kahn opened his evening's speaking
last night with a short speech at the Po
trero Opera-house. A large and enthusias
tic audience greeted the orator, who ad
dressed them in a practical talk on the
work he had accomplished during his
term in Congress. Three cheers were giv
en for Mr. Kahn as he left the hall.
Others who addressed the meeting were:
E. Myron Wolf, Richard J. Welch. W. J.
Kvalt and John Duller.
At Saratoga Hall a largo audience greet
ed Mr. Kahn, and listened attentively to
his speech, which was freely applauded.
He spoke in part as follows:
We are drawing: to the close of a campaign
which has been a remarkable one. And now
comes a new Issue. The Republican party is
in favor of Chinese immigration say our op
ponents. To show how the administration feeln
In the matter 1 need only draw your attention
to the stand It is taking: in It. I called on
Secretary of State Hay before I left Washing
ton. I told him that the Japanese and Chinese
were entering the State to the great damage
of our labor market. He said as socn as Con
ixess was ready to enact such a law he stood
ready to carry it out.
Our friends on the other side say that "good
luck" brought about the present prosperity. It's
good luck that comes when the Republican
party is In power and bad luck when a Demo
crat holds the reins. Let us keep the good luck.
placed J50, 000,000 In the hands of our executive
to mete out Justice to Spain. President Mc-
KirJey, with the unanimous support of. Con
gTess and the people,- with millions In his
hands to defend our Institutions, yet remained
calm and dignified. • ¦ . ; .: ..•¦¦¦¦
The uniform of the American army Is a badge
of honor, and no man has the riarht to wear
the shoultler straps, of a colonel except he ap
preciate the high meaning of his position. One
mar.. w. J. • Bryan, wore the uniform — did he
serve, because of an honest sympathy with our
cause, or did he do it for political buncombe?
Did he. purpose to wear a tin sword and ride a
wooden hors«? Did he intend, as he puts It.
to shoot civilization into the Cubans and Fili
pinos? Was he honest when he took the oath. I
or did he attempt to deceive the people, look
ing to his political future? He enlisted either
to shoot liberty into some one. .or else, he is a
faker. ; "¦¦"•. ¦ .
The man who repudiates a contract is offen
sive and you hare to burn a rag when he comes
Into your presence. The most solemn of con
tracts Is the treaty between nations. Conflicts
arise between peoples, wars . are . waged and
treaties are made. Discovery, conquest and
aurchase are the three ways by which terri
tory is acquired. When the, Spanish war be
ran It soon became evident that Spain could
r.ot stand. out against the : young- giant, • \V«
had not known our own power.' We made not
only hletory. but we made greosrraphy. . Those
shots fired by Dowey at Manila changed the
geography of. the earth.. ¦ :"¦ ¦-.- '.::
Our fleet had not been sent ta Manila to
capture tho Philippines, but . to cripple th«
Spanish fleet and keep it from threatening our:
coast or unltlnjr with the main, squadron of
Plain's navy. The unequal war sroaressed.
The peace protocol was signed. , The treaty of
vieaee. was drafted. • '¦'/'. • ' : ¦ :
Xow the title of the Philippines haa passed
to us and the islands are part of our: territory;
and the mm who would pull down the. flag is a
traitor. Who is Bryan talking for?. A half t
breed Chinaman,, a traitor— Agulnaldo. ¦ I have
no use for that port of a man.- A man who
would go back on a solemn treaty ; ougrht not
to-be trusted by his baker. We do not make
Presidents out of such men. -¦"¦•-. -. '. .
Don't vote for McKlnley and . for Democratic
Congressmen. Vote for Eugene F. Loud. Vote
for Julius Kahn. We want no one In Congress
! who is not up to the high standard of cltlzen
! ship set by William McKlnley. We 'want no
I anarchists. Anarchy cannot thrive here. Fol
low the beacon light of Washington for . Its
purity of purpose.
Congressman Kahn, D. J. Murphy and
Frank D. Macbeth made short addresses
before the close of the meeting-.. .¦ ¦-¦
has been referred to. as you know, as my
••lepging it." I want to tell you that if "\?S
eine it" will brine to the coast more of the
kind of orders, such as the one for army shoes
which grave good work to many men. I am gro
inp to to on "lespinK if in the interest of
.my £tate as Ion* as I can.
in ISM there were 7'XK) vacant house* in this
eft;.". An army of unemployed skilled mechan
ics" accepted employment— though accustomed
to e»m twice and three times the money —
on the boulevard at tl a day. Men stood
in line at the doors of soup kitchens
to get the charity of a bowl of soup.
TJiey were not able to earn an honest living.
To-da>' there are only 20fH> vacant houses in
this city, and good men can get. gwd. work,
at ebod wages. -•..••¦
V\ hat has become of the orr.pty ships that we
•jsed to see lyintr idle in Richardson nay and
Oakland Creek? They arc ell away In foreign
1^-ri.K and home waters carrying and oxchanit
lUF the great products of our era of prosperity.
Tfce only ehli>s you s^e anchored in the bay
now are tho^e that are waiting for wharf
room to lay down their cariroes.
Look at the trade that Is building up In San
Francisco. I refer to the trade with China and
7:itwail. There has been a rain in American
export* to Hawaii of $3.OOQ.OC<) in one year.
We want the business of San Francisco to
ci.rtir.ue to incroase. If the business man is
pr«^]ierous the laboring man Is prosperous, the
m<i-h&Ric is prosperous.
I visited a shop the other day in which a
mechanic ca:re up to me, and, shaklnr my
h3r.1V said:
"Mr; Kahn. though I am a Democrat, I am
gcir,^ to vote for >ou and for the whole Re
publican ticket."
I expr?s^ed ray thanks and asked him how
he had arrived at that determination;
"Well." h» said, "it makes no difference In,
nay salary who is elected. It's h\\ the same to
me. but four yrf^ars aeo if I ha«'. wanted to take
up rnv tools and leav* my employer I could not
have fouM anctli»r Job, but now I could get
work In nearly any shop in the city."
I am h«*artlly in favor of the re-enactment of
the (Titn»ce et<?!u»lr-n act. That act will ex
p're in 1S02. If I am your Itfprescntatlve in
Congress 1 (fiv« you my word that I will use
irv niont earnest endeavor to get a new act
pa'psed. if possible more stringent than tie
first. •¦•":-¦ ' ' • '¦ ¦¦-¦¦.•
But most lropartant to San Francisco of the
bills now p«ndinK is the Xicaratrua canal bill.
That bill ha* passed . the House of Representa
tives and If now befcre the Senate of the
United State*. That bill com** up for decision
on December 6. I do not doubt that it will be
rs?«e<l and signed by the President.
This is some of the work that a R*pres-nta-
Tremendous Applause Meets His Appearance r
at Stanford Hall to Speak to iVptePl
of the'Thirty-Fifth District.
In Saratoga Hall and the Potrero Opera-House
Crowds Greet With Fervent Applause
the Congressional Candidate,
Greeted With Rousing Cheers in Franklin Hall,
: Where the Republican Club of the Fortieth;^
District Was Holding a Rally,;
Business Men's Club of Non-Partisan Merchants,
With City's Interests at Heart, Holds
Rally of Remarkable Character,
Opens His Speechma kinjg; Before a Large Audk
l ence in Saratoga Hall Under the Auspices |
Metropolita n Temple Packed to the Doors by
Representative Audience, Which Loudly
Cheers the Congressman.
JULIUS KAHN TALKS TO THREE IMMENSE MEETINGS,
AT WHICH THERE IS WILD ENTHUSIASM.
GEORGE A. KNIGHT HANDLES WITHOUT GLOVES
BRYANITE OPPONENTS OF NATIONAL PROGRESS.
CONGRESSMAN EUGENE F. LOUD SPEAKS
ELOQUENTLY AT ROUSING REPUBLICAN MEETINGS.
Ixlti to AJS T Jflt^LiN CISCO CAJul^, i xiiDA Y, >UVl^ii,iiIl ii, ±iA)U.
REPUBLICAN ORATORS URGE VOTERS TO RECORD AT POLLS APPROVAL OF THE
CANDIDATE FOR
THE ASSEMBLY
Ernest Weyand, Repiiljlicaii
Nominee Tenth District.
8
At a recent voting- contest It was unanimous-
ly decided that there was nothing better on
earth than th« "American" clear Havana dear.*Republicans of _ North Beach.
An enthusiastic Republican meeting was
held -at Washington Square Hall, Union
and Stockton streets, last night. John H;
Nelson, nominee for Senator In the
Twenty-fifth - District, and Alexander
Campbell and George C. Brown, nominees
for Assemblymen, and other candidates
were the speakP ra
The estate of the late Andrew D. Martin
was ordered distributed by Judge Troutt
yesterday. Genevlevo Goad Martin, dece
dent's widow, testified -as to her .relation
to the deceased "and Judge Troutt then
made the order.
Martin Estate Distributed.
Articles of incorporation of the Chutes
Company were filed yesterday. The capi
tal stock is $500,000. of which $70 have been
subscribed. The directors are Charles L..
Ackerman, M. Meyerfeld Jr., J. R. Howell,
T. J. Craig , Sylvian Sander, Ch. C. Bock
and R. de Clairmont.
Chutes Incorporate.
The San .FranCisco Child Study Club
annotmces a series of lectures during No-:
vember by Professor M. E. Jaffa of the
University of California and Dr. Adele S.
Jaffa on "Food." The first of- the series
to be delivered will take place this after
noon at 2:30 o'clock at the Occidental
Hotel.
Will Lecture on Food.
For Grammar School. Championship.
A football game for the championship of
the grammar schools of this city will take
place to-day at the Sixteenth and Folsom
streets grounds. Both teams have worked
hard end the game promises to be an ex
citing one. Vosburg of tho LiOwell High
School has coached tho Crockers.. This is
the -.line-tup: - *
Crocker, Position. Clement.
ra'niDbeU'. '..Li— Enrt-^H ...Skinner (capi.j
Mohfi?7....V; I^-Tackle-K. ......McDonald
McMurray . . . .'. . ¦"• .. l-<— Guard-;R '...... . .Toy ' Low
Danhauer --S eI U.* r •:'•;••• Brooks
Bu ,t g ....R— Guard— t, Gosset
Hester..: R— Tackle— L ,... Mayer
oulnn .....R— End— L ..; McKenzle
Janes ...Quarter .........; Igstader
Lane (captain).; .Lr-Half—R Bagner
Mnrfin.... R-HaU-U .....Walfi5.h
Cavanaugh Full ••••••• £.?£Sriff
Substitutes for Crocker— Saunders, O Shea,
Kennedy, Ross. For Clement— Smith, Mose,
Cerf. Robinson.
Desperate Man Attempts Burglary.
A young man who pave the name of C.
II. Austin hurled a" cobblestcne through
the plate glass window of W. K. Vander
«lice & Co.'s Jewelry store at 136 Sutter
street at an early hour thla morning.
When placed under arrest, by Officers de
Gulre ana Knorp he declared that he was
out of work and desperate and had in
tonded to rob the window of its contents,
lie said that he was a molder and had re
cently arrived from Chicago.- He was
locked up In the City Prison and charged
with attempt at burglary.
Mrs. A. Ostrandawas taken to the Re
ceiving Hospital from a lodging house at
Pine and Dupont streets at 2 o'clock .this
morning .Buffering -from a -severe scalp
wound and possibly Internal injuries. The
woman claims she was thrown downstairs
at the lodging house by Harley Ostrander.
who runs the lodging house^ and the sa
loon underneath. Ostrander was arrested
by Policeman Braieg.
Thrown or Fell Down Stairs.
of Spain, who founded the lfne of Spanish
Bourbons which held sway over that part
of Italy till within forty years. .••:.' >
In ¦ compensation | the -lEmpordr' -acquired
full possession of Parma and P.lac;nza.
Francis, the Duke of --.Iiarralne, who .was'
presently to marry Maria Theresa; the
daughter of the Emperor, was assured th<>
succession to Tuscany in compensation for
the reUnqulshm?nt. of Lorraine. This ais.
ra..gement *vas carried out in 1737 an' 1 at
tached Tuscany to' the Hapsburg domains.
The small States of Italy Jiad again
served like the Mttje weights of the apoth
ecary's scales to make an even balance
between Spain and Austria. The 1 .gains of
the house of Savoy, although Hllght. and
the startling, appearance on- thelRhfne of
Russian troops, for the first time in his
tory, were significant of the future. -.- ¦ .'
It is a curious coincidence that In Httle
more than a generation after the extinc
tion of the male line of the Spanish Haps
burgs had involved all Europe in a strug
gle for the inheritance, a similar fate Im
pending over- the Austrian branch of the
family brought down upon the. world the
same catastrophe. For years the Emperor
had faced the painful prospect of the dis
memberment of the vast body of Haps- :
burg dominions unless he could pledge the
different powers of Europe to respect his
formal recognition of bjs daughter. Maria
Theresa, as his successor. He accom
plished this after extraordinary efforts,
but it was an age when the obligation of
solemn treaties counted little against the
opportunity for. territorial aggrandize
ment. "Reasons of state" justified any
thing, for. as the Prussian publicist.
Baron Bielfeld.' declared: "In questions of
policy one must divest oneself ofthe the
oretical Idea common people have about
Justice, frankness, fairness and the other
virtues of nations and rulers. At bottom
it is merely a question of might." It Is
then perhaps not so much of. a surprise as
a shock to the common sense of right and
wrong to see Frederick, the young King
of Prussia, within three days after the
news of the Emperor's death reached his
ears, make up his mind to pounce upon
Silesia. anAustrtan possession lying south
east of Brands-nburc, between- Bohemia
and Poland, and comprising j n the mala
the upper watershed of the Oder, one of
the three grrcat. rivers flowing through his
dominions. ' .
Although antiquarians were able to dis
cover and elaborate claims to Silesia.
Frederick attached small Importance 1 to
them. His object was territory, not the
vindication of obsolete claims.- If . wan,
Silesia would reinforce his position to
ward Poland, for he would have territories
S. Pierce, president Republican Club. Univer
sity 'of California; remarks. .K. Myron Wolf
chairman of the evening; campaign sonse.
Kauford Quartet: address, John S. Butler,
University of California; music by band; ad
dress. J. G. de *>Dre*t. Stanford University;
song:, Stanford Quartet; address. Jes*e H.
Fteinhart, University of California; address.
11 P. Cross. Stanford University: musle, band;
a'ldress, William B. Greeley, University of Cali
fornia: address, J. E. Springer, Stanford Uni
versity: Bonsr. Stanford Quartet; speech. Gen
eral W. H. u. Barnes; music. "Home. Sweet
Home."
R S. Pierce ls president of the Califor
nia Republican Club and J. T. Nourse ls
president of the Stafford ' Republican
Other Republican rallies to be held In
San Francisco to-night are aa followa:
Scottish Hall. Larkin street, new Grove— Un-'
der the auepioes of the Phoenix Club. Speakers:
T B Dozler (the brilliant Democratic orator
from 'the North, who will advocate McKinley
and prosperity). George A. Knight. Julluj
Knhn. The Columbia Quartet will sin*.
San Francisco Athletic Club, Sixth *nd Ship
ley streetf— Joint meeting of the Thirtieth and
Tlj!rty-»eeon<l Assembly Districts. Speakers:
George A. Knight, Julius Kahn. E. Myron
Wolf, nichard J. Welch and Michael Mo-
Bride. Itoush Riders' Quartet.
Odeon Hall, 8 O'Farrell street— Under th»
avsplces of th« German-American Republican
Club. Speakers: General Edward S. Salomon,
COLLEGE REPUBLICAN
CLUBS RALLY TO-NIGHT
General W. H. L. Barnes to Make
Principal Address at the Berke
ley-Stanford Meeting.
The McKinley and Roosevelt clubs of
the University of California and Stanford
University will unite in a great rally to
night at Metropolitan Temple. In many
revpeots it will b« tho great meeting of
the campaign and it ls safe to predict that
tor spontaneous and demonstrative en
thusiasm It will surpass any that have
preceded It.
General W. H. U. Barnes will make the
only political speech he will deliver dur
ing the campaign. ¦ The occasion and the
audience will be to his liking and an elo
quent, masterful address is assured. The
programme in full is as follows:
National air*, bynhe band: introductory. I*.
McKINLEY IS FAVORITE
AT ODDS OF FOUR TO ONE
Bryan Coin Is Very Scaroe in the
City With Plenty Re
publican Money.
Several big bets on the Presidential
election have been made in this city. The
betting was for a time zy 2 to-1 ln'favor of
McKinley. but there vvas so little Bryan
nioney around that last night admirers of
McKinley were offering 4 to 1, with no
takers.
Henry Harris*, the cigar • dealer ¦' on
Stockton strest. said last night that "be
has $2500 that he Is willing to bet that
McKinloy will carry this city by 2500 plu
ality. He also Bald '.hat two prominen*
merchants yesterday mado a bet in his
store that McKlnlev would carry the
State by 15,000 majority. The bet was $1000
a side at oven money, in the Porter Ashe-
Julius Kahn fight the latter Is favorite at
3 to 1.
Jim Neil, the well-known turf man yes
terday took at Wolfe's cigar store all the
money that was offered against Ashe Ho
thinks Ashe is a cinch and that 3 to 1 Is
too good odds to. overlook..
Nell also made a $500 even monev bet
with Henry Goodman that McKJnlev
¦would not- get 20.000 majority In the Stat«
He also made a big bet that 'McKinley
would not get more than half the major
ity in New York that he did In the pre
vious Presidential election.
Frank Devereaux. the Sacramento
sporting man, has $40u0 that he would like
to place on McKinley. Last night he was
willing to give 4 to 1 odds, but he could
get no takers. The Grand Hotel l s also a
McKinley stronghold. They have all
kinds of money down there to put on Mc-
Kinley at 4 to 1. but cannot find any Bry
an men: who will back their arguments
with, their bank rolls. : -v^i-vv:
AH these meetings are held under the
Joint auspices of the Republican County
Committee and the Republican State
Committee. • >
B'nai B'rlth Hall (upper), Eddy street, near
Tayjor — Under the auspices of the CJreek Re
publican Club. Speakers: B. F. McKlnlay,
Julius Kahn. J. M.. Mannon.
Pythian Castle. Market street— Under the
autipicev of the Swedish-American Club. Speaks
ers: Jirilup Kahn, A- J. Dannenbaum, Max
well JIcNutt and others. ...
California Hall, Bush street, near Powell—
Fpanlsh-Amerlcan meeting, under th« auspices
of the Spanish-American Alliance. Speakers:
If. H. .Appel of Ix* Angeles, Julius Kahn, J.
H. Nelson, nominee for State Senator; Alex
ander Campbell, nomine** for Assemblyman;
II. VV. Brady. Henry I. Kownlsky.
IVfayeot Hall, 1106 Golden Gate avenue—Thir
ty-eighth Ae^embly District. Speakers: Kd
vard I. Wolfe. R. W. Robert*, P. A. Bergprot,
Maxwell McNutt, J. M. Mannon. Knicker
bocker Quart<*t.
Charles Bundschu, Christian B. Rod*. Robert
Wleneke will preside.
Custom -House . Bee. i pts for October.
¦ -T-h.*.. rpwiptft- OT jne -fcan FrarHpco Cuo
t dm --ho use Tor the ni.°nth .ef October were
VM,<1E 55.' >?• which ilfiS.OOQ-was paid :&s
duty "on a .c?rload of PUjrarr unsigned to
the W.c'stfero Reflhery Company.
., :J«.j*rot*« f/f -PI T: Se>i3l"v|i~h" and other
8-rsirM.fne work ¦«> the Boar/la
of : H/-aJt:h :.ana ,<nf : Public Works having
T?.rvfnmf>n<l*d:thf!. ¦ -oorrjtructlon of the
f ?•« ' r; : . Tl;e .nf Ulion- of the <"Jt y Ware
h<-»F» Oropnny. for: p*»rit)b=Fion to ran
rtru.ct'TB *pur /t,rark fr-om . the Belt f.aJl
r'-^rf ttj-itR.prerhiFejK on Panpome and I>im
bird.;Ftrcets wa^ jrant^d. An ordinance
Tvks T.e.rornin*ri.<i.e<i for. passage' redncine
<t»» veldt!! of EpaewalKs.oto -Clement avenue
fruni •nin.c-<*-en.'f< v et to fiftr-pn feet. ¦
:: •?*•:* .^pf'T'fors";; Siropt ;.rv«mrn!ttee re-
P/rtrd jrpjrt'Mvixy totaynr of- constructing
an-;jj7;n ftfne !#<* fewer in Andover and
Crt.scAtraver.ues and k!«q in East. avenue.
Scijrer for Andover Avenue.
"T" HE scandal In the office of the Clerk
1 of the Supreme Court, in which
George W. Root is bo Berlously in
volved, created a sensation yesterday in
lepal and official circles. That the noto
rious conduct of Root should have cul
minated in an expose, however, was not
a surprise, as the Clerk of the Suprema
Court, occupying: as he does a position of
the utmost responsibility under the State
government, has of late been bo reckless
that a crash seemed inevitable. It haa
been a matter of common gossip that his
extravagant life, heavy gambling and
Ferious losses have placed him at the
mercy of gamblers and money-lenders.
As a private citizen his manner of life
would -be a matter of no public concern,
but as a State officer, interested In the
affairs of the highest tribunal In the State
and Involved in matters of the deepest
concern to citizens, his wild career ha«
caused a great deal of apprehension and
unrc-5t.
It has been a matter of shameful noto
riety for months that George W. Root.
Clerk of the Supreme Court of California,
has been the debtor, associate .and partner
of racetrack gamblers. It has Been known
to hundreds that his unpaid and unse
cured notes, aggregating thousands of
dollar*, have been scattered over the city
and State. So deeply involved had the
Clerk of the Supreme Court become that
he had been forced to the humiliating ex
tremity of giving to a bank in Sacramento
absolute power to collect his Balary as
Clerk of the Supreme Court and permit
him to receive a email monthly pittance
upon which to live.
It is known that he has placed himself
.s=o completely at the mercy of gamblers
that he has been forced to permit them to
dictate who should be- appointed to'posi-
In order that- his Influence might be
translated lnto-dollars and cents to -the
advantage of . a single transfer company
and of himself the San Francisco Trans
fer Company was organized and he was
nade a stockholder. H> never paid for
the stock he received and imposed upon
J. J. Gaffney, ¦ another member of the
company, for a hurried loan of $513. Still
another member of the ¦ company, and
also a creditor of Root. Is A. M. Duncan,
to whose brother Root has given a posi
tion as deputy. A relative of Prank
Daroux. the racetrack pambier and pool-
Feller, Is also one of Root's deputies. A
nephew of Max Hornlein is similarly hon
ored, and now \VV E. Roody, confessed
embezzler and victim, of the racetrack,
has been appointed to a place of- trust
in the office. George W. Root has pawned
himself and the high and responsible of
fice he holds to his creditors and to the
gamblers.
Among these creditors are many on the
water front. Root has them as a legacy
of his career of debt on the water front.
While he was Chief Wharfinger he bor
rowed- from shipmasters, olllclals, friends
and any acquaintance who would lend.
Ho has their money and they the disa
greeable experience of his friendship,
coupled with his unpaid notes. While
he was engaged as Chief Wharfinger he
engineered another scheme. At that time
lie was so Intimately connected with ship
ping companies and- men who did a great
deal of transfer work that his influence
was material.
of his friends, E. T. Donnelly, a man
open-handed in his generosity, and bor
rowed $350 from him. Root gave another
o? his notes, and Donnelly, who Is now
dead, never pressed him for the money.
But even now Root won't pay the note,
and the most persistent pleading far him
to pay at least a part of it has been in
vain. Root Invariably flaunts the shame
ful record of his bondage to the Sacra
mento bank as his defense against Im
portuning creditors.
The facts In the case Indicate that he
must have made an extremely expensive
campaign for his present position. The
heavy loan which he had received from
the bank of D. O. Mills appears not to
have been enough, for he went to another
One of the most notorious deals, which
has been fraught with most compromising
results to Georgo \V. Root, was with Max
Hornloin. one of the proprietors of the
Cafe Royal, in this city. After Root had
received his nomination as Clerk of the
Supreme Court he needed money with
which to make his campaign in the State.
His credit was at a low ebb, but he In
duced Hornlein to go with him to the
bank of D. O. Mills In Sacramento, where"
Root proposed to give his notes for a loan
amounting to a sum between $2000 and
jy<K>. These notes were given and Max
Hornlein indorsed them, thus becoming
responsible for their payment. Koot bor
rowed other small rums from JJornleln,
giving his Jewelry as security.
Then came the question of the payment
of this large indebtedness. The account
was transferred from the bank of D. O.
Mills to the California State Rank, and
Root was forced to give to the California
State Eank his power of attorney to col
lect his monthly salary as clerk of the
Supreme Court. This bank Is still collect-
Ing Roofs salary and allowing him $50 a
month upon which to live. It is a favorite
pastime of the clerk of the Supreme Court
In placating his many creditors to show
the written proof that he cannot even con
trol the salary of the office he holds.
tlons of responsibility and emolument in
his office. He has been forced to place
his jewelry In pawn to tradesmen and has
suffeiml the disgrace of allowing these
creditor friends of his to name other
deputies in his office. Lawyers, collection
agents and anpry creditors. In their own
bohalf have been at his heels and men
who demand that there should be an or
derly administration of the affairs of tho
Supreme Court have been candidly fear
ful of the result.
Clerk of the Supreme Court Has Made Himself a Chattel Pledge
With WMcli to Satisfy Insistent Money Lenders.
ROOT HAS PAWNED HIS HIGH OFFICE
TO GAMBLERS AND HIS CREDITORS
KELLY'S KIDS IN THEIR LEGISLATIVE JUGGLING ACT.
France secured the , annexation of the
Duchies of Bar and Lorraine to- take place
on the death of Stanilas, the defeated
claimant to the . PoItsJi. crown, to .whom
they had been assigned, as .a cprnpensatfon
for his failure; the ..Emperor, oh the
other hand, was compelled. to srire. Naples
and Sicily, with the ports. of Tuscany, to
Don Carlos,.- the; second^ son of the: King
The aggressive advance of Prussia and
Russia by the double process of adminis
trative centralization, and territorial ex
pansion was ominous of the future of Po
land, a state of vast area.' but decentral
ized to the verge of anarchy. Its Kings
were elected by the nobles, but the office
was hardly more than honorary, so com
pletely had the nobles stripped the crown
of power. This process, the .reverse of
that which made . France and Spain
powerful, incapacitated Poland for the
struggle for existence now Imminent, and
the war of the Polish succession which
broke out in 1733 and involved the Con
tinent in a conflict in behalf of the rival
claimants foreboded . at no distant date
the disappearance, of an Independent Po
land from the map. ' The. immediate
changes affected- by the war, however
(peace finally concluded. ' 173S>, are to be
seen In the West. .;: ... •:;
outpost and a monument of the new Rus
sia, henceforth one of the great powers
of Europe. Sweden, • whose great: ; ex
pansion in the seventeenth century was
Inadequately . supported by natural re
sources, lost not only these Baltic prov
inces to Russia, but also her German pos
sessions in Germany to Prussia and Han
over and sunk, into a power of .the second
rank. . ¦'¦ . : -'¦:¦¦ ¦'. •>'•¦¦*; • .¦¦" / .:
'Before considering the contest for the
Austrian succession It: Is \ necessary to
make note of the accession to the Euro
pean family of Russia. Up to the time of
Peter the Great. Russia was Asiatic
rather than European and Its civilization
Oriental, not Occidental. Its complete
detachment from the West is illustrated
by the fact that it did not adopt the
Christian era until Peter's reign. Peter
did for Russia the same work that has
heen ¦ done for Japan In the last forty
years,; but to-' accomplish this transformar
tlon access to the sea was indispensable.
The port of Archangel: had been opened
to European navigation by the discovery
of the White Sea in 155>. but the White-
Sea is ice-bound in winter. In the south
the Black Sea belonged to the Turks and
to the west the . Baltic was a Swedish
lake. Peter struck In both directions.
As soon as Azof on the Black Sea was, se
cured (1696-98) he turned toward Sweden,
and after a prolonged and at time intense
struggle (the northern war of l ( 00-li.M)
he wrested from Sweden the territory on
th» :west side of the Baltic and attained
his purpose "to open a window, into Eu*
rope."' •¦:.•:¦":•.• '•¦'¦'?:':¦¦. :¦'-¦ : ' ¦'•': ".-=:' >'_>
: On the marshy : Islands »»t ¦: the mouths
of the Neva. : a - region whose eonqneit
from the -water was harder, than .from
Sweden, a new capital, European. «s
Moscow; : was Astatic, was fdunded, an
rulers of France, under whose In
stigation the grand attack on ..ustria ha<l
been planned, had to surrender the Neth
erlands and in other respects to accept
the restoration of the conditions prevail
ingbefore the war. But the gloomy ret'
rospect upon; .the expenditure of millions
and the loss of thousands of lives "With
out. any compensating results made^the
people sore and undermined their respec:
for their rulers. ':;:;/: :,. : ¦
In fact, the- peace of Alx la. Chapelle
(1748V merely provided the powers a
breathing spell. A» soon. as their energies
were restored, war was inevitable, for
Maria Theresa refused to be reconciled
to th© loss of Silesia and felt that Fred
erick must be downed if Austria were to
retain her prestige, while FTance felt a
new uneasiness at the formidable appart
tlon of a new German state, compact,
progressive and arataitfatis, and realized
with England that their final struggle for
control in. India and America-, could not
long be postponed. • . ¦¦ ¦ ' -
EDWARD G. BOURNE.
Yale University. .•¦: ,-.-.. : .; i ?* -¦; ..v--. ..
Parma, Placenta anrt • Gustalla were
riven to Don Philip of Spain as sovereign
Duke, thus adding to the list of Italian
rulers a second Spanish Bourbon line.
Tie: Xing of Sardinia recovered what he
bad lost during the war and in addition
received a part of Lombardy.
The loss to- Austria was not merely that
of so much territory or to many sub
jects; It was the diminution o. the Ger
man element ¦'¦¦la- her composite make-ur>
that was most serious if she was to re
main a German power. Besides Silesia.
Msrla Theresa lost in Italy. Parma, Pla
ceiiza and part of Lombardy, but she re
tained the Netherlands provinces (Bel
«inm), secured the recognition of her
right of Inheritance ajid was gratified by
the election of her husband as Emperor.
on three sides of a large part of It, Once
resolved Frederick acted with marvelous
promptitude and 'found an easy- conquest.
Hardly had he opened his campaign suc
cessfully, when the Elector of Bavaria,
with his eyes on Bohemia; the Elector of
Saxony, coveting Moravia; the Queen of
Spain, aiming 1 at a realm in Xorthern
Italy for her second son, Don Philip; the
King of Sardinia, reaching dut for the
duchy of Milan, and France, eager for the
downfall of an ancient enemy and aiming
to absorb the Netherlands, formed an al
liance to divide the Hapsburs estate. The
enterprise -was yiled under the decent
guife of defending more or less shadowy
claims to the inheritance, or. as In the
case of France, of promoting the claim of
the Elector of Bavaria.- a descendant of a
daughter of .the Emperor Ferdinand I
(died 1554), and of furthering his candi
dacy for the Imperial crown.
.Had. the. end* of this alliance been at
tained the ruin of the house of Haps
burg would have revolutionized the pollt
leal system of Europe. The Austrian
monarchy would, have disappeared" and
Prussia. Saxony and Bavaria would hav?
been greatly strengthened, yet not
enough singly or together to be a matcn
for France. The heroism of Maria The
resa, backed by English subsidies and the
lack of any real unton of Interests, saved
Austria, and the eight years of general
war had small positive results to the ad
vantage of any one except Frederick. By
the acquisition of Silesia he Increased
the -population and revenue of his pos
sessions by one-half and their area by
one-third. Nor was the conquest like the
gains of Spain or Austria In Italy, for tho
Silesinns, althousrh Slavic In origrin, ha-1
become almost wholly German In lan
guage And culture and Protestant In re
ligto-n and readily became assimilated
with the mass of Frederick's subjects.
Thai lay t>t. the land also favored the
change, for Silesia was separated from
Bohemia by a mountain ranjre and con
nected with Brandenburg by the Od*r. »o
that the natural ties of trade contributed
tocement the union.;- .*;¦-.;:.¦?>' - .
Alford at Redlands;
REDL.ANDS, Nov. 1.— Hon. William H.
Alford spoke to-night for two hours on
the issues of the campaign to a large
audlenre, many of whom came In a spe
cial train from, nearby towns. The ad
dress was received with much applause.
DUTCH FLAT, Nov. 1.— One of the larg
est political meetings ever held here as
sembled to-nlght to hear Sam D. Woods,
Republican candidate for Congress In this
district, discuss the Issues of the cam
paign. The speech was a splendid ex
position of the Republican doctrine and
the needs of the Second District and was
received enthusiastically. In reply to a
question ns to how he ptood on the Chi
nese exclusion bill, Mr. "Woods said he did
not know of any one in California who
was not in favor of excluding the Chinese,
and he most certainly was,. lie declared
that Chinese exclusion was In no sense an
issue, because' it- took two sides to make
an issue and there was but one side to the
Chinese question, as far as a California
Congressman was concerned.
? — ¦ • ¦
Ford at Vallejo.
VAL.UEJO. Nov. 1.— Kon. Tirey L.. Ford,
Attorney General, addressed a large and
enthusiastic meeting here to-night.. Mr.
Ford possesses a most convincing manner
and eloquent delivery. His comparisons
•were w*»ll chosen and his efforts were
greeted with so much enthusiasm that at
times the din of applause was. deafening.
Frank R. Devlin. Solano's. District Attor
ney, was the other speaker. His remarks
were full of Republican truths. ; :
Mass-Meeting at Oakdale.
OAKDALB, Nov. 1.— The largest politi
cal meeting ever held In . Oakdale ¦• took
place here to-night. A large parade pre
ceded tho meeting and tremendous enthu
siasm prevailed. -Congressman Needham
and Hon. II. S. Foote made eloquent ad
flrespos. Stanislaus ¦ County; • although
Democratic, will- probably give a good
majority for Needham. '¦ ,
Republican Nominee for Congress
Enthusiastically Received.
WOODS AT DUTCH FLAT.
STOCKTON, Nov. 1.— Senator George
C. Perkins to-night addressed the people
of San Joaquin County at one of the best
attended and most enthusiastic Republi
can rallies of the campaign. Senator Per
kins, is a great favorite here and his con
servative and business-like presentment of
the issues of the campaign was well re
ceived. He devoted himself to a defense
of the administration's foreign and do
mestic policy. Ho also dwelt upon the
benc*cent effects of President McKinley's
policies to California, comparing the con
ditions with what they were when the ad
ministration assumed control of the coun
try's destinies.
He appealed to all to unite for a per
petuation and strengthening of the era of
prosperity. National honor demanded the
faithful performance of our treaty obli
gations and self-interest demanded sound
money and an opportunfty to earn It. A
parade of the Rough Riders' Club preced
ed the Masonic Hall meeting.
PERKINS SPEAKS AT STOCKTON
Presents Issues of the Campaign to a
Large Audience.
Rousing Rally Under. Auspices .of
McKinley and Roosevelt Club.
MILTON, Nov. L— The. largest political
gathering ever held in this section ot the
State took place' to-night- under the. aus
pices of the Milton McKinley and Roose
velt Club. .'-'¦. ':--¦ .''-. '¦¦•; ¦ •;• ;''
Campaign issues were discussed by Sen
ator John ' F. Davis, : Hon. Alexander
Brown and W. C. Ralston, ; RepublicaJi
nominee for the Assembly, from Cala
veraa. . " : , • • .-' ¦; ¦ • ¦ ....
Delegations were present from the sur
rounding country and -hundreds • were
turned away from the. overcrowded hall.
•The speakers discussed campaign issues
generally, paying due respects to trusts.
Imperialism, free silver and other para-,
mount issues.- Each mention of! the names
of McKinley and Roosevelt called . forth
vociferous applause. There was no minc
ing of matters. Words of Democratic or
ators were quoted verbatim and straight
forward answers given, which brought
many doubting ones back into the fold. .'
Due honors were accorded." Sam .-.£).
Woods, nominee for. Congress; and W.- C.
Ralston, who aspires to tho Assembly.
Cheers for these popular nominees were
called for repeatedly and responded to
with gusto. They appear to ' be gaining
ground day by day. It is freely predicted
that McKinley and Roosevelt will carry
this coumy by a good majority, and
Woods and Ralston will run far ahead ot
the ticket. '
POPULAR ORATORS AT MILTON
SAN DIEGO. Nov. 1.— The Republi
cans of Sari Dieg-o gathered to
night at the H street park to hold
one. of the last meetings of the
campaign. -The evening was de
cidedly pleasant outside and a. large crowd
gathered about the. open stand. . "W. TV.
Bowers of this city, who represented the
Seventh District at Washington for four
j ears. was. the principal speaker,- arid hi3
'remarks were directed to-' the need -of re
turning J. C. Needham to Congress. .
Mr. Bowers declared that there was no
longer any doubt of McKinley's being re
elected, that the Senate was bound to be
Republican for four years:, that ev-ery in
dication pointed to the return of -a Repub
lican majority to th.e House of Represent
atives, and if the Seventh District wajvteil
anything from Congress it would be much
more apt to get what it asked for if It sent
a Representative there who la in accord
with the administration. .... i
Judge D. Li. Murdbck and ex-Senator
Withington spoke on the county ticket
and the Assembly candidates from the two
districts in the county... :, : ." . . •:•. . : :
? .' •' ¦ ¦•• . ¦' ¦ ..;
ENTHUSIASM AROUSED
AT SAN DIEGO.
A. : tvjr.rflt(fiea.tion find map?-meeting in
-.h^Mt .< f ihf Republican nominees will be
;5if-T?i:;Vo-fct^ht at t'alirorhia Hall. 620 Bush
¦^ti^'t'.^rar F<>we-n. -uiT'ier the auspices of
rh*.;;S;psri>h^AOTf»f;can ;HepuhMean Alll
r;-n : p>>, of:-V^lffornia,."6f, which A. de la
T..'irjr.<?:Jr. Is.-ciialrmin'. iThls organization
-^ >K? s (.f HBs }jif*r.ost . of its kind rcpre
p^nT-S-rrsr ¦;&!?.. Spknish-i\rn;erican voters for
IKv^rnleV in Sail. -.Frarfcisco. It num
1 r!> :!if a.rl> ; -STO jftcjnbeW -and Is increasing
thy >*ri «?viry;rnr-<itipg. • I To-niijhfs meet
5r;B>rt-nib«>'tHie' 'at jhf ; iergest held by the
<..::¦»¦:¦. A: .'-«if ."-JVv Torre Jr. will preside.
¦•"T:!.i.*v :-:.S-Jar-^r«trfirif-'l ¦¦Banner" will be
»¦ uiig- : by •¦51 £«i;2CieHIe .Holes y. accompanied
¦rjHhvKA^niaiJoJA- Miss A.! Mojica. A cele
l-r.a!*7i ouari.t.H lid.. Professor IJucianl Mo
;:< h ,< -o4ebrK.t«rt rnaifidolin club will be In
.:-¦¦ --iriiir-p.-. All .t.hf Republican nominees
¦hflErf ;bf*h I nvlt*i.J tn attr-nd. The Con-
Uikchtal- 1 t#6a|ft>«-:<^ • t>..e .Pho^r.ix Repub
"l*«i»a :CUK pan sig-nifle^ t>i«?ir intention
».r3..;i:nff- fir^sv; r ,t In: iirXK^ ntam^ors. The
¦H*-. t ?..y ; g Hjwcafeofs.'orin nddre; 2 ? the meet--
I ir\ lf,ii,.Appel of I^os Aupcjop, Julius
Jv^.^ri^iroJone] HI. K-»iwa!?Uy, E. Myron
AVrJT; .J.. ri. Xpipon. A. • Ruef. -Alexander
? 'atKfpKrll.v^r.'; :.-«'o1/)nel M. \W Rrady. M
f ..STJoSs.- Beats bave l>«fa rf>«rved for
•Ia^i*i5?.- -¦.¦¦¦•.::-¦. -.-•¦¦¦¦ •¦ -'.•..
Spanish- American: Republicans.
Snme' ojif phould post County Clerk
Ivsjie concornJr.p civil F.r-rvice proposi
i\$£% in his*mn office. He supports that A.
TT. jiahon>y is attending to the clerical
<1uties= in- Judge Dunne's court. The fact
1= that JfahniK-y is runnire one end ot
ih.r-. K<j»ly^<'rimmins campaign committee.
T.hich w^s creaipd .tflf boost Dibble and
¦^\V'JJe,' -ja'nd^Vje office under the municipal
frovrrn.irifht I?- running:; itself.
Stkte foreshadow a great triumph
for McKinley and Roosevelt. After care
ful etudyof reports from every county.
Colcnel Stor.e. cbairman of the State
Committee, is convinced that all the Re
publican Congressional nominees will be
r-iectt^L ' Eariy. in the campaign some
doubt existed as to the ability of the part;,
to win in the Second and Seventh dis
tricts, but subsequent events hava dla
pell#xl the -doubt, It is the. Judgment o.
Sor-ator "Perkins also that the Republicans
¦Rill elect seven Ccngrecyftien.
tt $i 5urrois<Mi vthat the Bryanites In
California-' will employ. tLeir time in the
closing <Uys cf the campaign. in the con
i-WTiion and circulation of . reports to mis
lead tho laboring taefl. In the Eaft Bryan
is appealing to class prejudices. Wor <*
has been sent here that sensational stuff
must b« prepared on this coast to alarm
th© Worklhgmeti. Stories are to be cir
culated to the effect, that hordes of Chi
nese and half-breeds, in, the Philippines
axe *-aitln£ an early opportunity to come
to the United States. A scheme to frigrht
a\ Lumbermen has been discussed by the
Brs'an cainpaign managers, ihe sensa
tional fakes axe to be sprung on the e\t
<-f «Ui-cUcn* when there J« no time to op
lai^^r^iiroof: of tUeir falsity. Repub
ii'^rs and especially the norkingmen ot
xhB party should, be on. their guard No
credence should be given to sensational
glories <tnd startling affidavits, which the
rna* ..s-priiis. between this time
anToimmins have taken
fc<arm at the turn c£ affairs in the Forty
1{£tT>ik4ci where H. C. Dibble is run
riuir for the. Assembly, and in tne
~£fnty?ftrit Senatbrinl pistrict whrre E.
1 We're Is a candidate for the State Sen
**«.' Laborers in the Fifth-street gang
of railroad butlder^ have been detached to
di> politics for. Dibble and W olfe. Tne
wcrlc or. co n«t ruction is j upposed to be
under thi? *i:pervlskiB of H. H, Lynch and
Th«nai"-*5igah-.-. :The Call is In ¦?<«»«-
Fi^) df :. in-iormation ta the effect that
Fererhajv Ciark. who. derives his lnFtruc-
UoftS i*rm : - I>y*cU and Eagan. detailed
'Iiutier- antf I>?h<r»hiJe to leave the job and
po-det epion* fheir fellow men and co-
Wolfe 'siiA Dibble. ¦
The' political bosses are passing the
word along the Ifr.e that Wolfe and Dib
tije. mi&t be- Bupportfd withoui regard to
the reiu'.X- <Ki other candidates.
Afcothe/r cause of alarm in the camp of
WclfVis a. report that the accounts of
the estate, of K. T. Donnelly *ill show
thatconFide.ra'Me -money was paid to ad
vance t he. political fortunes of the Kelly
'I'rt'triaiins '.rioiriinee. .for Senator In the
Twenty- first District. It i? reported that
ytviif received one thousand dollars in a
Er*>eial -payment. - . ." . '
Every- c6.rc.pai.gn presents Its own pe
culiar, -.phases. In' this content the Phelan
i!e«f arid Bryanltes «xe laying special stress
r>h their devotion to organized labor in or
tfertoget the support of the labor unions.
Now cumes' the report that John D. Sulli
van, the Phelan candidate for the AFsem-
Ky in the Thirty-first- District, threw up
his job -in. a ivon-unton : lumber yard three
cay* before. he got his nomination for the
T.erfFlatur'? from the Phelan convention.
.The •¦- xiorkiEtrmen of the Thirty-first Dls-
Irfci^iiiview of the?© fact?, are resolv-
Insr.to give their support to John J. Houri
pan. tlje Republican nominee, whose rec
¦or<1 oh ihe labor proposition Is straight
.an <3 square. " -.
AIA> records of Republican majori
ties tn California -wrill be surpassed
iu the election next Tuesday.
Reports from every section of the
REPUBLICANS SEE A
BIG VICTORY.
Copyright, 19OO, by Seymour Eaton.
WAR GEOGRAPHY OF^ EUROF»E.
THE CALL'S
HOME STUDY CIRCLE
CONTEST FOR THE AUSTRIAN INHERITANCE.
SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, NOVEMBER 2, 1900.
ADMINISTRATION AND REBUKE FOR BRYAN HERESIES
III.
FREDERICK THE GREAT
9
AP7F '^-TM ft"F M K M'fa.
In Turkey the disappearance of the sun
at night is accounted for by the periodi-
cal Yetirement of that pious luminary for
prayers and religious reflection. ¦
"It is a delicioua novelty and very
prateful to the palate. I found, about
ml<?way In my second dish, that I had
sufficient for a meal reaJized for the
Jirrt tim« that I w»s eating 1 a condensed
food that supplies one's wants with a few
Fpoonfuls and does not require anything
like the volume to furnish the amount of
i'loti .required, as when any of the or-
dinary forms of cereals anyserved. Grape-
NtSti are an elegant food jnid the Postum
L ?"f-rral Co.. Lim.. are to be congratulated
upon the discovery," said M. C. Goossen,
the well-known fancy grocer of Grand
n«j?id».
"I rather expected to like the- food, but
was not expecting that th« children
would take *o kindly to it. Each one of
the little folks, howowr. passed up the
taueer, for a serond supply and *o did I.
"When the new food wa# firei pla^-i
la my ptore I took a packagre home to
try. The name, 'Qrape-NutF.' had at-
rrsct^d my attention and th« Ptat^meni
that it was partly composed of grape bu-
par *rxfited my interest* as we all know
that grape suffar.rnade by certain meth-
<-<1r of treating the cereals, is one of the
rn^st nourishing and digestible articles
that can be eaten.
aad Showed the Value of
Condensed Food.
Proved Too Much for Actual Need
GRAPE-NTJTS
A SECOND DISH
WHITE -CqiTQLENE
means good food, - good dig^es-
tion r good health. ;. ;; ¦;;,
; It is used and recomrnerTided
by expert cooks and highly in-
dorsed by eminent physicians. ..
fff^^lE?) The N.K.Falrbank Company.
• It itS'WfiAif [ J Chlcao-Sole Maaufictnrera.
1^^*^? ' FR^F f Our <J*'nty b<io!c!et.
5$;^^/ JKf mulletl tre* to any addr#««- : For
TpjfeJ'J'jiSJST -one !e»tain'pi»« will tend ftr*« our-
VYvtSX&f ri> P*** Teripe book. -Home
y&jy&XfZHtS Ue'.ps. -' edited by Mr*. Rwrer. _- .
DR. GROSSMAN'S SPECIFIC MIXTURE
For the cur« of GONORRHOEA. GL££?a,
STRICTURES and anaJa<ou» compUlau ot Uu
Organs of Generation. ...
1'r Jet f I * bottli. For ul» . tr drutlUta.
Dr. Bennett's Electric Belt
Mikes. weak men and women strong and atro&it
nen "and w*men «tron«er. Rc&fns 5 and «. 47
lest it. San Francisco. CaL
rt 1 f"f" t\ f>ll I I Corner Fourth and
f.ftrr HniA -""a p b^
For babie?. no. matter how younir or
delicate, the tablets will accomplish won-
ders iw : Increasing *: flesh, appetite and
growth. Use only the largw sweet tablets
in every box: . Full sized boxes are aold
by all druggists - for 6ft «ents. and no
parent shoHln neglect .the use of thi* saf«
remedy for all stomach .and bowel
trouble!! it the. child (s allln? In any way
regarding; its food or assimilation. . '.- -.
.Stuart's ; Dyspepsia Tablets have been
known for years as-the best preparation
for; all stomach troubles, whether In.
adults or Infants; • ¦.;.-.:'.-:..• • • ¦ ¦ ; ¦ ¦ .:
A Buff ailo inother a short time ago. who
despaired tjf -the--- life- of her. habe-,. wa* so
delighted .. with .the results from grving:
the child these tablets' that she went be-
fore the nal&ry public, 6f Erie County. X-
Y;, and made the-. following affidavit ¦:-'.-'' ;• ;
Gentlemen-; Stuart's Cyspepsla Tabtiats
Were recommended to me • for my. two
rnonths- old baby, which was sick and
puny, and the doctor* said was suffer*
frig frpm'hidigestlOn,- 1. took the. child to
the hospital, but there found ho relief, a
friend mentioned the Stuart Tablets and
I. procured \ a box from my druggtst »tm
wsed only the, larga sweet lozenges in
the box and was delighted tu -. find they
wer*» Just the^ thing for tqy baby, I feel
Justified In saying that Stuart'9 Dyspepsia
Tablets saved my child's life: - - - . ,:.
¦•: • ."¦: i ; JIRS. W. Tv DETHLOPfi. ;
Subscribed and sworn, to before m» this
12th day of April. 1SST..- ¦>¦¦¦¦ -.: - : -.:- : -: : ¦. -.-.¦•.: :. •¦.-.- :
••:¦•. ::¦'-.<¦ -.: ¦¦.¦:¦¦ HENRT^ KAR1S. :
Notary Public in and. for J!ri« Co.,. Nv. f.
•Tbdusarids of people, who: are not sick,
but are well "aim wish to keep well, take
Stuart's. Tablets ajfter every; meal to In-
sure., perfect tiigestloii and avoid-i trouble^
• But: It i$ not generally known, that the
Tablets- are Just as good and wholesome
for Httle forks as for their eld«rs, :% •'.'¦
: .Little children- wb.o> Are pale, thin and
have : no : appetite^ : : or do riot : grOrw er
thrive, •shoula use the tablets alter eat- :
Ing and ¦': will derive great benefit from
Mrs'.- G.- jt. '¦ Qraisleri.-- .93S ': Washington;
street, - Hoboken* \New : Jersey; ; writes;
Staart's : Dyspepsia :.TabIets Just fill th»
blH - for - chlldi'en;: a ft we) 1 as for: : olde r
folks. rye had the best of Tuck with'
them^ ¦ '.Mythree-year^old; girl takes them
as readily as.-^atrdy. - - 1. have only - tp say
"tablets"' :and >h** drops; everything "-.eis;e.
and- runs; forMhem:.-: --¦;¦: : - 'ry^.xYr.'^^lr?-^.
. ; Thotisarida- of • raeii ¦ and wgmeh have
found S.t^art's Dyspepsia Tablets the saf-
est iand most- reliable preparation for any
form of indigestion or stomach trouble.
as Stuarts Dyspepsia Tablets.
Nothing Is So Safe aiid Pleasaiit
To "^Ke^^:3!tetfc^3>!g«m^^5K«f«tt
FOR THE CHILDREN.Bid. Ask. Bid. Ask.
4s quar coup. ..115^.116 Is do cp (new). 134^135
Is do reg 115> 4 116 3s do coup... 100 ijllOU
UNITED STATES BONDS.
THURSDAY. Nov. 1—2:30 p. ra.
STOCK AND BOND EXCHANGE
Stocks and bonds continued slow and un
changed on the morning iession of the Bond
Exchange. \ \
There was nothing new In the afternoon.
There was rather less doing In the ol! stocks,
though business was fair.
The Chollar Mining Company has levied an
assessment of 10 cents. ,
¦Dividends paid yesterday were the San Fran
cisco • Gas and Electric, 33 cents; Honokaa
Sugar, S'» cents; Oceanic Steamship, 50 cents.
The Pacific Lighting Company will pay a
dividend of 35 cents per share on the 5th. i
The following oil dividends were paid In Oc
tober: American Fuel. J1000; Durllngton. $600;
Home, ?10, 000; Homestake, $3000; Kern Oil,
$35,000; Producers, $3000; Rex, $3000; Yukon,
$2000.
The Giant Con. Powder Company will pay a
dividend of 75 cents pen share on the 10th.
¦ The Onomea - Sugar Company will pay the
usual dividend on the 5th.
A novel development of the moving plat
form Idea is fathered by John Perry, pres
ident of the English Institution of Elec
trical Engineers, to permit passengers to
alight from and to board moving trains.
The suggestion. Is to have at each station
a turntable about 500 feet In diameter,
•which Is kept continuously revolving at a
speed at the rim equal to that of the mov
ing train. As described In the Electrical
"World digest, at the center there would
be a spiral staircase, by means of which
the platform could b© reached. The speed
at this point would, of course, be very
moderate, but as the passenger -walked
toward the rim the speed would gTadual
ly Increase, "until at the edge he Is travel-
Ing at the rate of the moving trains
which appear to be at reat and with the
doors open. He enters, and as the movine
platform is left behind the doors are auto
matlcally closed until the next station is
reached, when they are automatically
opened again." It is suggested that with
such a system it might be expedient to
have continuous trains on such roada a^
the London underground, or the W
York elevated, when a passenger woiTm
always find a car waiting tl?Sm wYlS
the door open. • lul
Moving Platform Idea.
: LONDON, Nov. L— There was an average at
tendance at the wool auction sales. The num
ber of bales offered was 12,763. Merinos sold
well, in some : cases . much above the opening
sales, notably when American operators com-
London Wool Sales,
¦ NEW: YORK, Nov. 1.— The cotton market was
dull, clOBing 2@5 points lower.
New York Cotton Market.
Lake Copper was dull and unchanged at
116 75@17. The exports for the month of Octo
ber afnoiinted to 13.196 tons. •.-: •
-. All Iron markets were dull except Plttsburg,
where the market was firm but unchanged.
Lead ruled dull at |4 37V4. with the exports
for "October Teaching 8414 tons. .
Spelter was quiet and unchanged at $4 10@
4 15. . ' ¦ • ¦ '" ' - ' ¦ - -
The brokers' price for lend was .$4 and for
copper. |16 87%. .
'NEW-TOBK. Nov. 1.— Tin in the market for
metals! had quite a setback, falling off some
20®45 points under disappointing j cables and a
scarcity of buyers. The close was easier at
J27 50@27 70.' Tin In London was £1 lower.
New York Metal Market.
CHICAGO; Nov," 1.— CATTLB-Recelpts, 4500
CRotce .inedium . steers about steady: others
sldw'tolbc. lower;: butchers' atock. steady to
Blow. : Good, to' prime steers, $5'40@5 90; poor to
medium. M 35©3 33; selected, feeders,, slow,' }S 85
@4 454 -mixed stockers,- \veak, f2 75@3 40; select
ed reeders, slow. $? 85® 4 45; cows. $2 6004 25;
helfersi $1-60; exports -and canners, J2 60^3;
bulls; choice.. $2 60«g4 40', ..calves, $3 7o@6; Texas
fed -steers,? $4ff4 85;' grass ; steers, J3 25@4 10;
bulls,' J2 60^3 25. ' : , • • .
• HOGS— Kecelpts to-day, 28.000; to-morrow,
£3,000. estimated; left over, 4000. Active, fully
6c higher.-' Top, $4 85; mixed and butchers',
H 4S®4 SS; •". good- to choice heavy, {4 55@4 85;
rough heavy. *4 40@4 BO; light, S4 3o@4 80; bulk
of jiales, -J4-60®4 75. ¦•¦...'., ¦
¦ SHEEP— Receipts. 10,000.; 10c to 15c higher.
Good to choice, wethers, $3 85@4 15; . fair to
choice, mixed, ft K*33 90; Western sheep, tS 90
tfH'15; Texas sheep, J2 50@4 GO; native lambs,
J4 2J©5 BO; Western lambs, U 7565 40. .
-Receipts during October: Cattle — This year.
2S3.S61; last year,' 243.307; Increase, 40.040. Hogs
—This -year, 7-3&.063; last year, 666,596; Increase,
72,427.- Sheep— This year, 373,778; last year, 350,
•7C0; increase, 23,018. ... • .' ,
¦' : ' , ; •¦":•:: LrVER^OOL, :' : ,
."¦WTieat— : ¦' •• . : - : . • ¦ • ) Dec. ¦ ¦ Feb.
Opening '.'.'.;.....'.*.. 6 % ': ,6 1%
Closing ........... ..'.;......„. '.-.,.. -$.H « 1%
. : •';."¦ ¦¦¦¦'-'¦'¦¦;. - : PAIIIS..: '- ¦'¦¦ • ¦ ¦'¦' ¦¦
. • WhPat^— ..' .' '.-':'. ' ': ' . ' ' Jan.-April.
Opening' -. .', . . .'. ... . .. . . * . .;•'. . . ... ....... Holiday.'
Cloelng ...,,,..'..'.w.,.;.. v ..i..... - ."
-.:' Flou'r*- '. • -. : •'.'/.'.¦'...-,•"¦'¦•. ' ¦ ' • "• '
Opeaing: .;.. .. '.':..
Clo'slng;.»'...\. .>.......'...'. :.....'. .
:¦":• ' Chicago Livestock Market. .
¦ NOVEMBER; 1900L
B. M. T. W. T. F. S. Moon's Phases.
: 1 T"T pv Full Moon.
vi< November t.
4 B I 7 8 > JO Laat Quarter.
"ITITIT 14 13 1« 17 *& November 13.
_— ¦ N»w Moon,
18 19 20 21 22 83 J4^ S> November 21.
;"2T"27"27~"2s"^3""i» "ft F 1 ™ 1 O - uirter
, . j 3* Noveraber 29. :
CALL CALENDAR.
NEW TOTRKi :"Npv. 1.— A. striklngr: evidence :of.|
the <oristraicit' 'j?pon'= jspeculatlcn : was' gtvenf-by;]
the Action 'fit iihe tto&rkey-t<^iy fa -%he &.n--^
ucunoenuenr of the., declaration -of ;!. s.ri; .: extra ->
Aivideud ig^.l'^^'/eA^ : 'jWr^easai^i^imi|t'J^Ufi.'j
road stock; ~ Previous to the; ahhflunce.mehts the j
rtt>ck ha^l beea Jift^da point .and then'tcacted. j
"Whtn xfc>".ne»ie : -wis bulletined, ther.e'i'wai •¦»':'
Jurni) -to .IZC^ii-.- but ;<ralfr ohe sale vae Blade, at"
•that price, . '«ft«sr' w"hich It feil: back-.':' -Early .in :
Octcter: I*ep*i2=-ylv'ania i'.Eold- below''. 12S. : 'It- iia>'
teen ¦rjlveiy-. traded :.ln .by^energetic' bull Inter-'
' «»r t s s. i nee ' Ahait, - 1 ime . and .: a : g rfeat... yafi ety.' o r .
tsrseniofis. liiyie peezi mttder<as.to. the: forth^om-,
ins 'ibenefits .to the stacks. ¦:]- It. was: ailege'i,.. for'.:
::.r- t^r.c*,. -that- . the.; Block : wauld. -. certainly • b« :
j'l-ac r.l upon a .« -per cent '.basis. Another dory 3
¦ t;ad it : tiiat a.':<Ji£tr;biitton would • be :zaa6e; at-- :
i. larps- iKjrtian »f. the -surplus-. In the ' Penhsyl-.: '
vania treasury:-; On- the .otr^?r 'hand -the.- belief : . J
I:r^vaJ>d; -jearty^-ihet" these' assertions "Were ex' |
oiuslvely 'f«r.-:«tock .•Jobbing. and .that the com-:
l:any would .iier*:rt : : in '-'.XMe-. regular ' -dlyidenil.;
'J-ate -of. 2^.'i>er -cent m-mirahnualfy which 'has:
|IIW*«l^>l1" l'»i|>llliV V^&4.; -TteV-Jp-wing these- past :
conditions : 'it.'. ls v ra1r.-' to . -ar pufij* ' that to-day'e •
action was-'a .-difcaivrxjtritroent. to -forne.'of •! the
actrve bulls "}n- the -stocJc whil^'U' was ice'nalrily
.an agret-aUe :>urprlBe- to the conservative-eetl-
• m.at«... But when it .If. :*oris-l<licr'e<l- that the' net
earnln*rF of ..irje 1 / I»enn-f«y!vanta ; rUafiro«(r"ana the
l!r»js' directly lopieratpd". by . it haye ¦ Jnerease^ .'in..
r.lne ; months r<t. the year ..nt.ore '• than ;; ts;0O$,009-'
over the •cOrr'» i .i>ondi«g period of ta»t year, to-'
«la.y's' rate' of ¦¦dittfibution ijeems nif>d»rrate: rThe.
extra, dividend win )ii\iolve: *h-e. -disbursement Of
a. little over :$l.t.!T*.<'00.::-. The' stock"?- net gain'
was Si and.tHe.- tra<1tr;g waji'reir.aTkably qu.ierti'
There was i rcphsidcrable Vshow of In'
Fucar. : - The' aflyarice-.wa*- attended by rumors
that a. fcreik..iht£»*: prlr.es of refined ;sUBars. is.
Imminent.; ¦ • Hu-siness ..in the .market -'W-vULrk*
was -tra* rraall -to have any important, effect
<>n prices, though it ckwevt with' the' leVei eqtiie
»t.at above yesterday.' after being at : one time
a sf.ade lower. ' • • -. :; ':-¦•.' ' ¦• . -:.',¦¦'¦'..'¦;<¦•¦• '•:; '
The rise, in ,ihe coal loan rate to-ilay" to 5
.per cent frhay-hav-e, *ome.-- beating on -.the ex-:'
.trcrr.e dulifioss of-, the ;epecu}at ion'. ¦.-Stock mar-',
Vet demands' upon : the .nibhey market .during ¦
the week : ha\> '[ been oxtremely- moderate -and '•¦
Iurth«*r droi>s to-<lay ; of :irnporte4 fjoid .brOOght:
the total up -tp. nearly. I2.'rm,<**> .on that "account:
Not a .dollar has bffen transferred- to- the fn
terior by the ' FUb-Treasury elrice. last Friday;
That call loans 'should; 'have stiffened- to-day
un»ler these, circumstances augurs Filial .<ie
ir.ands-cn-the inon<-y market. ....•'..-'•. -'.> . ¦¦--.-:'¦
The bond -market shared In' the ¦ dullness ' of
str.cks -nni • pricifi.' moved- irregularly.' Tctal
ealM.-'tUI^.OOO.. ¦-."¦ . .'••'.¦ .¦-¦.:¦• '.•¦¦ ¦ :--•'
Un'.tr-d ' States :-bimds ; 'were -unthariged- en the
last call.- ' ¦ . • • - : ••-¦¦¦¦.-¦ ¦'¦--¦:
¦ ¦ xiwr tors:. stock ust. -' • -
Ehare* ' : ] '.•'•".'•.'. ¦¦':¦ -...-. ".' 'Cloilng
' Sold. ¦ .Stock-r • ¦: - : •.-;•¦!• .'¦;.'-.' ,' - B14.^
M*>0 •AtfhiFca -....::...;.,i. ..:.>.....».¦.,.:.-.. 32
• 7«O' Atrhisan prefd. /.....'.'. .:.'.;. .-..-,'vis.i. J4 :
3.r«0 BaKtrhor«?.& OtiJo.'J — ;..—...:..:......-¦7S"
300 Canadian Vaclflc ....i.-..,. .*........„. ti%'
1W f'anada' Southern -......¦.'. iii. ...:;„. t . fj- ¦
2 6SS Chesapeake & Ohio... .:.:.....;„•...-. 30.
¦ Chicago Great Western...:. ....V.:....- ' HV
i.S15 Chi^ago^ Uurlinjrton & Quincy. ':..... 127*4
....... Chioeso,' Indlanacolis/t- I>oMt«vIHe..'. 29 -¦
Chicago. lr.<3 & Tx>ui*yille. prefd'..... E4 •
....... Chicago & Kajtern l!!inpls......:..;,*S ¦
....... Chicago & Northwestern. ; ..ieo 1^
1,9^ -Chicago. Hock Island A Pacific. ...'.. 10i«i
• 100 C C C & St; Louis.... .,...*»..:.,» -C2V4
100 Colorado Southern ....;...¦... _.',.;. .-6^»
Colorado Southern 1st. prefd.. ..;..... 2S.
300 Colorado Southern 2d prefd.-.-.......; 15%'
1.130 Dfr!a»:£fe.& Hudson..... ...:.:..,1U
200 T>elaware. I-acka wanna -& Western..l75
' I>er.ver & Rio Orande..i..'..i...^ , 13v4
ISO Denver-'<& 111© tirande prefd.'... >..._ 69%t
:. Erie ". 11%.
200 rr!e 1st prefd..:... :.•....'. 24\
22J Orrct Northern, prefd. ......... i....,.161%
» Hocking Coal -. .;..w.......; 15
122 Hocking Valley i ZZ'u
N&w-YoWSto&MarkeZ
EASTERN MARKETS.
;| .'¦ CHICAGO. Nov. ' l.^-December wheat at - the
.' opening:, sold simultaneously from 74^Q74%c,
[-Compared with yesterday's close at 74%@74%c.
I The. depression, was due to a decline at Llver
i_ppoi. .While there Was plenty of long stuff for
the bears were : cautious Of getting on the
short side.' A recovery followed on Argentine
advices -.reporting SO per '• cent damage and
¦ Other estimates of a crop of only 33,000,000 bush
els from that portion of the southern hemis
phere. On rebnying on early sellers and some
of the. bulls December rallied sharply to 74%e.
..The falling off in primary receipts and the
prospect of a decrease in: the visible came as
a support at the top of the bulge. Later there
j. 'was. considerable liquidation, largely of Novem
i ber • on : the. lack of outside support, and De
l eember declined heavily to 73?-j<g73Tic, closing
j %c under yesterday at 73^»<g74c.
1 ' Corn' was firth without any apparent loss of
; activity.; December closed unchanged at 35c.
f*. Oats were very. quiet. December closed un
! changed. -..-..
! ¦ ' Provisions were moderately active and ex
'!¦ hibited a decidedly strong- undertone. The mar
¦| ket opened 2H?|5c higher on hog receipts,
' lighter than expected, and an advance in prices
i at the yards. A further advance followed on
j a strong cash demand. There was a good de
i mand for everything on the list, but particu
j larly for. lard; Pork closed 12%@15c higher,
j lard 10c U3 and ribs 10c higher.
I . The leading futures ranged as follows:
Articles — . Open. High. Low. Close.
Wheat No. 2—
November 73ii 73% 72% 72%
December 74'4 74% 73% 74
January 74"4 75V4 7;% 74'jj
Corn No. 2—
November 86% 37 36^ 36%
1 December .-. 35 S3H 34% 35
(May 36'i 36% 36& 36'i
! -Oats No. 2
i November .-. 21'i- il% 21% 2l»4
! De-cember 22 r2H 22 22
i May 23'4 14 23;4 24
Mess pork, per barrel—
November .'.., 10 60 10 75 10 65 10 75
January 1122^4 1135 11 224 11-85'
Lard. ¦ per 100 pounds—
J November ; 7 05 7 10 7 05 ' 7 07^4
1 December 682H 6 87^4 6 82H 6 87ft
¦January.'...' 6 67^4 6 75 6 67& 6 75
i- Fhort ribs, - per. 100 rounds — . ' ¦
•November. 6 2S 6 27H" 6 25 6 27%
;i January. 5 97Vfe 6 65 5 97V& 6 05
j -Cosh. quotations were as follows: Flour, firm;
! No.. 3 spring wheat. 6SQ70c: No.. 2 red. 73V4'3 i
. TRc; No. 2 corn. '37^(5^:7^0; >'o. 2 yellow, 87*;c;
-No.' 2 oats. 22 J^ff22 1 ic; No. 3 white. 24V4S'25Vic;
J fair- to choice, malting, barley, 49'g55c; No. 1 flax
i'seed, $1'7.6:' No. 1 Northwestern, $1 75@1 77;
i. prime timothy seed, $4 IZQi 20; mess pork, per
.barrel, $11 25igll 10: lard, per 100 pounds. $7 10
¦ @7 12i?4; phort Tibs sides (loose). $6 60<36 80; dry
•• -palted -shoulders (boxed), 6 / 8^hic; short clear
sides (box.e<l),- $6-75Q680; whleky, basis of high
wines, $1-27; clover, contract grade, $10@10 25.
Artl-clesr- . ' " ¦ . neeeipts. Shipments.
Flour, .barrels........ 22;OOO 17.0C0
' .Wheat, bushels .l-.i. ........ ..110.000 132,000
Corfi; .bushels ............ ....,.153,CO0>. 937,000
Oats, bushels... ,,..;.. ..143.COO ¦ 7O5,O(»
Ryei. '.bushels ;..,....¦ 2.000 i 10,000
:' Barley, .bushelB ,:;... ',.....-.:.. 63.000 11.000
Or the' p'rodtJce. Exchange to-day the butter
1 market wpts steady;' creameries, 151322c; dairies,
13S? 8c. ¦ Cheese, duU;.10>4<8aii4c. : Eggs, firm;
"frech..l7%c;.. -.,;:¦¦.;• ;./ :
Butter, Cheese . and Eggs.
Butter and eggs are both In the tarns pbsl-
GAME— Quail, $10125 for Valley'and $2 for
Mountain: Mallard, *4jJ?5: Canvaeback, $4{r5:
Sprig, $3^3 50: Teal, $2fi2 50; Widgeon, $1 50@2;
Small Duck, $1 50; , Gray Geese, $2 50@3; White
Geese, $1@1 50; Brant, $1 50 for small and $2 for
large; English Snipe, $1 50; »Jack Snipe. $1;
Hare. $1©1 25;- Rabbits, $1 25&1 50 for Cotton
tall and $1 for brush ;. Doves, 60@65c per dozen.
POULTRY— Live Turkeys, 13@14c for Gob
blt-rs and 13iS14c for Hens; old Turkeys,. n@
12%c; Dressed Turkeys, 15017c; Geese, per pair,
?1 5C01 75: Goslings. $1 7662; Ducks. $3@4 for
old and $4@6 for youne: Hens, $3 50^4 50;
Yovng Roosters, $4<g4 50; Old Roosters, $3 50@
4 50: Fryers, $3<93 50; Broilers, |3@3 50 for large
and {2 Mtfi'3 for small; Pigeons, U per dozen
for old and $1 5(HfM 75 for Squabs.
Quotations for Poultry remain about the
some, though there is plenty of stock on hand.
Game is lower again. A good deal arrives In
bad condition.
Poultry and Game.
VEGETABI.ES — Green Peas, 2@5c per lb;
String Beans, 6@6c; Llmas, 2Vi@3c per lb; Cab
bage, $1; Tomatoes, Bay, 25<g'75c; Egg Plant,
ZZ'QUSc per box; Green Okra, 35fi6Oc; Green Pep
pers, 25S50c per box for Chili and 40<g60c for
Bell: Dried . Peppers. 10®15c; CArrots. 23<5.15e
per sack; Summer Squash, 75c®$l for Alameda:
Cucumbers, 40@6Oc for Alameda; Pickles, $1 50
per box for No. 1 and $1 for No. 2; Garlic.
4'Bbc per lb; Marrowfat Squash, $10612 per ton.
POTATOES— River Reds. 70® 80c; Burbanks.
WQZQc for Rivers and S5c(& II 15 per ctl for
Salinas and 6MJ90C for Oregon; Sweets, E0Q*>5c
for Rivers and 75385c for Merced.
ONIONS— 90c@$l 15 per ctl; Pickle Onions, 60
@60c.
Sweet Potatoes have again declined slightly.
Onions continue firm. Vegetables stand about
as before. Los Angeles String Beans • brought
6V£c
Receipts of Beans were 10,960 sks, making
about 45.E00 thus far this week. This is enor
mous, ; and it Is strange that prices keep up
unHer the' flood. Nevertheless dealers continue
to quote a firm market, with a further ad
vance In several descriptions.
BEANS— Bayos, $2 CO<fr 2 75; Small White.
S3 85®*; Larse White. *3@3 25; Pink. Jl 90#
2 10; Red, $3 25; Blackeye, $303 15; Lima. $5 13
@5 25; Pea, $4@4 25; Rod Kidney, $3 7504.
SEEDS — Brown Mustard, nominal; Yellow
Mustard, nominal; Flax, $2 25@2 40; Canary,
3%c per lb for California and 4c for Eastern;
Alfalfa, 8«?9Vic; Rape, 2V4@3c; Hemp, 4®4%c;
Timothy, 4J?4%c.
DRIED PEAS— Niles $1 5O®2: Green. $1800
2 20 per ctl; Blackeye, $150® 1-75.*.
Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables.
Beans and Seeds.
HAY— Volunteer. $o@S; Wheat. $11@13 50;
Wheat and Oat, $10#12 60: Oat, $9@11 B0; Clover,
%S<3"i; Alfalfa, $6 EO@S CO; Barley, $7(29 per ton.
STRAW— 35<S45c per bale.
MIDDLINGS— $16 60@19 £0 rer ton.
FEEDSTUFFS— Rolled Barley. $15 50@16 50
per ton; Oilcake Meal at the mill, $25@26; Job
bing, $26 60; Cocoanut Cake, J17@18; Corn Meal,
$I6©27: Cracked Corn. 126 50S27 60; Mixed Feed,
$ir.<5i6. ' '
Bran continues to decline.
Hay' is rather soft, owing to the warm moist
weather, but prices keep up.
BRAN— $13 60@U per ton.
Hay and Feedstuffs.
FLOUR— California Family Extras, $3 60@
S 75. usual terms; Bakers' Extras, $3 4003 50;
Oregon and Washington, $2 75@3 10 per bbl for
family and $3 15S3 50 for bakers'; Eastern,
*4 75® 5 75 per bbl7
MILLSTUFFS— Prices In sacks are as fol
lows, usual discount to the trade: Graham
Flour, $3 per 100 lbs; Rye Flour, S2 75; Rye
Meal, 12 60; Rice Flour, $7: Corn Meal, S2 76;
extra cream do. $3 60; Oat Groats, $4 60; Hom
iny. J3 6033 75: Buckwheat Flour. U<Qi 23;
Cracked Wheat, $3 60; Farina, $4 60; Whole
Wheat Flour. ?3 25: Rolled Oats (barrels), J6i»
7 25; In sacks, ?5 75@7; Pearl Barley, $5; Split
Peas, J3; Green Peas. $5 60 per 100 lbs.
Flour and Millstuffs.
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal Session — 9:15 o'clock — No sales.
Second— No sales.
Regular Morning Session— No sales.
Afternoon Session— December— 2000 ctls. 72c.
OATS— Continue firm at unchanged prices,
though the demand is light at the moment.
White, Jl 35S1 60; Surprise, Jl 45@1 55; Red.
U 155JT1 25 for feed and $1 25@1 40 for seed; Gray,
*1 25(81 35; Black, for feed, %l 12%gl 20; for seed,
|1 22%<31 S2Vi per ctl.
CORN— Eastern yellow, Jl 20@l 22%; white.
$122%@123»i; Eastern mixed, Jl 20®l 21% per
ctl.
RYE— 90c per ctl.
BUCKWHEAT— Quoted at Jl 7502 per ctl.
"WHEAT — Liverpool was firmer, -with sellers
asking an advance. It was a holiday In
Paris. New York declined lc.
Chicago was weaker, lower cables acting as a
damper on the market. There was moderate
activity at the decline. The market was In
yuch shape, however, that any rise abroad
would meet with a quick response. Primary
receipts were 622,000 bushels, but there were
heavy sales of Flour. It was thought that the
market would be of a scalping character
until the situation In the Argentine became
better known.
In this market futures fell back, but spot
quotations were unchanged.
Spot Wheat— Shipping, 96»4c: Milling. 98%c
@$1 01U per ctl.
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal Session— 9:15 o'clock— May— 2000
ctls. |1 06%.
Second Sesafbn— No sales.
Regular Morning Session— May— 2000 ctls,
tl 06; 40.000, 1105%; 16,000, tl 05%; December—
COOO, 99c; 10,000, 9S%c; 2000, 9S%c; 1S.000, »S%.
Afternoon Session— May— 6000 ctls, $1 05%;
SOOO. $1 05%.
BARLEY — The market maintains its Improve
ment, though the demand is small and local,
and limited to bright Feed for milling purposes.
Feed, 75c for choice bright, 70S72V4O for No.
1 and 6C@67V4c for off grades; Brewing and
Shipping grades, 77H@£2^e; Chevalier, nominal.,
Wheat and Other Grains.
Exchange and Bullion.
Sterling Exchange, 60 days — $4 81H
Eterllng Exchange, sight — 4 83%
Sterling Cables — 4 85
New York Exchange, sight — 8
New York Exchange, telegraphlo — 7^4
Fine Silver, per ounce — 64V4
Mexican Dollars, nominal 504 © 61
Aetera has appesj-ed off Vancouver Island
moving yerj- rapidly southeastward.- The- pr«s- ;
fire has fallen rapidly over the western portion's,
of Washington and Oregon *iid risen over JJyn
tar.a. These condition*: should deflect the storm
center southward^ • sufficient ly ; to: give raja, to
Northern Callfyrriia'. : it-eports .ar« njlsslng from
Kureka. which . iiiakes it difficult to determine
the inovenier.t xif the rlcrtn.-' ¦. '.'¦'¦; " . ,-: /.v ".'¦
Ooudv -and threatening weather prevails over
the northern portion of the .' Pacific' slope and:
E«Ti<»rs.r.y clear over th* eputhern.. • -.-: :'¦• '..- ': |
'Hie temperature chahges iive. been Blight In
t'.l -rtistriCts:.-'.. -..•-•.•. ; : 'r-. : . ,;¦"' -/ •••'.•. \';~f '.'¦':
Cor.citiorj" -are favorable, f 6r ; -showers-, ¦ In..
.Northern Ca-lirorn'.a Friday;.. ¦ ;-.;-.'• : • ,¦¦;.-. ¦:¦¦;•¦¦¦ ' ¦-.
F< recast sn'tMe at Sarr Francieco for SO hours
rrAir.g midnight /November 2.' tSOOi V .; .. .--¦ '.-,.
Northern : CaJifoi-nia— Showers in iiorto ppr-
tlcc. partly, cloudy In. Bputn: portion Friday;
Iresh southerly, wtnd.-- .¦..¦¦.¦... ¦'¦-; ',...:.-': '¦•- ¦•'
Southern CaUlornia^-Fair FWdayr light west ¦¦
wind.- -'¦-'.. - : . - ; : ¦' •',: :?-,y ¦.-.: ¦¦.:'¦.-¦¦-. :'¦::¦ ;.'¦',¦
Nevada— iSbowers'- In north portion; tair In
south, portion: Friday. :- • ¦:':'¦¦¦¦' ' •¦¦-¦¦-•¦- ¦ -,-,¦ ¦-.-- - : ;V':
ITtnh.— Fa.-;r; warmer Friday. .. . ' ; •-- ; • ,
". Arlzbca— Fair- Friday:. .- : ¦,¦-¦!¦-•'¦-•¦¦•¦ "' "' ' *¦-' '
Pan Fraseleeo and . X-lClTjtty— Cloudy, .prob
ably with shciw.ers -Friday ;•' . /resh. southerly
• wiad. : ¦": :¦' ¦¦¦'¦ ;..- •-. ¦^'/ : : -g'< h willson, ¦
"..- ; =:!.';.. .. Local. Forecast OiflclaL . '
FOHECAST
: .fl25th Meriiian— Paciac Time.) ¦ : . . : ; : '
¦ BAN ; F-HAXCISCp. Nov. il.- 6 p. tn. :
. The f 6}lc»-teg rsaxitnura temperatures TJeere
reported f rota statlocs In Cillfornia to-dayrV . ;¦ .
; FJureka ¦-....,. -.^ ',:'*.',,„ WLos Angele3i. : >. -.^.. -::Jf2-
Frf sr.o ... .»,. . . ... . 70Tgacramento . .» , . . -. . , ,'.64
Indpj>ender.c« . . - , . : .~.'€* ! 8an . Luis Obisi>o-. ; ,.V.7S
Red BluCt/lli. ;•.-..:..¦,.£.«: Sail T"*w ,?;i?~r.wVtl.
'Sloust: Tama!aals...:>57j ./•'.;';¦¦ ..- :; -. ..- .-•".; : - i-'V-'
San ' Francisco iati— ilkxlamtk temperaturt,
Ci: ir.iiuiF.um. tii.-meaiiv -W. .-. ..-:'¦ •'...-¦••..:•¦¦•
WEATHER ' CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
Weather Report,
'¦ "¦•¦Xut* 5hG.w ,mt;re •acth'ity.. particularly/ Tar
rtL^or.* end . IWca aJ.Tjocils. filberts : *n4 Dra-
"New finsyriia figs ere : in improving; demand.
Tef ter-Jay's «uctii>n -paie. turned; ov.t /better than
erppct<r<3. \ e.vA prjees : were, -.fel^fcer, in ¦¦pcmpari:
i>dh. : than tlwrse . reali z*.d U.X. -th*' earlier f "sales.-
Ca!!f'»rala ftps are dfine- better also ana goirjg
cut auite trebly «t C7 i *<iCSc. . The- eale cf a car
cf. pe-w CaJiforniaswas )r.a^p. late Thursdaiy at
lot ; w ai brcUEht back At oa '"aidvaao*,'.- . IJeniand
for Itirirs .fih spot Ms'-.-very gfoc-d. '. and :there' .la/a
liuiMJV. of the. bu}-lng/:Qf a. Jarge. lot of :ne*- :
crnp dates to arrive.;-: .' ..-'- : '-'. .'¦ S.'. :'•-"' .;-.:.:
"This Is atxjiit: *i<? ; : under tiie;. opening tM»
ciaticra price. Oonffiderabt* iftjiriheis 4s reporteJ
In old crop lar^* size primes: <>.!» spot-- :.: ; : ; - ¦ - .
.. Mall eArlces from N>w A'qrtc «ay:,' ; ''' Trade
thews eomt irr.prov<>Tr.erit. '¦'¦. EVmand from the
cor.K«rc}TVK trapse 1 yesterday \>ra.s /comaideraily
better', acd eorne :of -.--the "Jobbing . ttf>u*ee aiil'
<juiie 6, brtsk: business. : Currante' ar* sWrady'. il
unchanged. ..jprtc*s','-. And ¦. an vine reas^d; trade; i*
leportedJtor. sound-; stock. : .3*h*f-e;*rere reported
ea3cs' at. A-rr-alias apjfrPiJatlhgllvO. bbls .at .tZ^G?
IS^c; uria'of -cleaned : curraBtii Xf bblB "al. 12>»<.
I>«K.and ;tor T:«\y **ed>ti- raisins cantinu^s pjod.
but" loose iar*- ¦ net tiTUch'^ttaiited- ¦ litrperted
ralfia* are firm : and ... in fair VreqUeet: \ The
prune . rr-a.rlwt .is r*uher •diprnoralized r by the
b*a\*y cutting tin ouieid* goods. : . Sales o^f three
car? of 4C»-rOs. '.In. 25-Tb. bpx^s.'.we.re'-r^prtfed '-y*o'-.
tsrrtay .8,t i'Ae ".' f t b. Jj.. coijuBt;'.. -'¦¦¦' . : : : .-. •.¦¦¦.• -.':-" ' '., ; : V-.
Dried Fruit in fsetO Yiorki
./ : ..; - : .-. .•¦;- .-¦: ;-.'....-': •;'-. 'VWTieat..; :• Parley^ ,
Port -Coeta. Octatier !„. .;,.„,. 137.213;./ "•' 65^675
Port Costa, Novcniber. l.......Vli9 l 776 ~-},s : E0,08fi
Stocktor., October 1. ...... ....... SS.^li : "2.630
Stocirton, Novejr.ber:-!.......,-.. a.9«»'. . . 19,i27
Fan Francisco. October .l,:;.»'i> :. ; ; 9S9.; ¦-." -'1M'*
Saa Francisco. Sovistnber 1. /:..¦ 1,013 ; . : .12,0C;l
. . ¦ ".' •'•'. '-- ' : .Oats. Corn. ''Bxat».
October -.,......;.. .i-.-~.. ';.*::¦'¦¦ 6.70b --'::. *:":¦'¦ :',»
November . 1 ,....-. •>".•?•?. «7 ¦•.- -Ill ,.-• y-£2i.
P.»»ceirts in Ortot*r were . J;2.?83 :: ctl» barley.
ild ctls va;s. 741 rtls torn an-4 I95S ctls brail. :
¦ Produce Eich«ar« Grain lB«pe>ctbr. Eteller T*
pcrts . stocks d grain In /warehouse aa.d : on
wLarf NpvcxbeT 1 follo^-s, .in.toiipr . :'- :..
Stocks of Graut
NEW TORK,-Noy. Lr-Money on* call, firm, at
C*iS5 per. cent; ; lost loan, 6 per- cent; prime
Neiu York Money Market.
WASHINGTON. Nov. l:— To-day's statement
of the. Treasury balances in the ireneral fund,
exclusive of the J15C.O0O.OOO. gold reserve in the
division of redemption, shows: Available cash
balance, J1S7,<)05,032; gold. »42.670.174.
Cbnditioii of the Treasury.
- . The copper : fortnightly statistics show stocks
Increased 169 tons and: supplies, increased - 2C9
tons. ' • . . - • ' '• ' . . ¦ •':. .¦{¦¦
.:¦ NEW fORK. Nov. 1,— The Commercial Ad-
VertJser's- London .fliian-clal .cablegram- eays: .
¦ : There was no movement. In' gold- here .to-day,
but India .1b shipping ;to London on Saturday'
£000.000 .to:-repiace. the ¦ recent- .expenditure, in
silver for coinage.-" -"i , ' ••
London Market:
¦ : ••¦'••¦ «*,¦ Iillnolg Central : i,i..«'.>i«."««'t.'w?.llSH:
¦;•'. JM. Iowa': Central -..¦,v.;. ..;.":,;...;..;.,. ....IS'A:
.'—.¦..;¦ Idyi-a Central ¦prefd...... V...... (.-....;• 41.: .]
'i*i~..ti Lake Erie & Western.^. .;..;. .. 34 • J
.«»;,.; Lake. Erie & Western prefd.....».,..102 i
WLake Shor? •.¦.;.-.•.....;..,...;..•........ .2W4'
'¦• L7.60 ¦•- Louisville IsriBh.Vl}Ie.:.'i;.....;.;,.:..,:75h
:.3,3Ti> Manhattan Elevated ..¦..•.•.-.•..i,i.. < .:.S«
•vC95 Metropolitan Street 'Rallwayi.^...;..lo.S .
2.440 '-Mexican' Centra.l -.i.'.ii <'.<.'.'...'. ...^i^:12H |
: . «>0 Minneapolis &St Loul*..i-..:...i.. .-'58 -;
• ' ?00 ¦ MinneapcJis & .St: Louis prefd.... ....J'TH \
14,120 Missouri .'Pacific; y.v..'.;.,.'. i.^i*vjf'-'MS .
.,•:,•.-.•'.. Mobile. &:-Ohio':-,.:-.\..-.;.i.!.%.;-.»i....«i^9 .]
.:-... :.:¦ Missouri. Kansas & Texas.;....;:...... 10** ¦
¦ 600 Missouri. Kansas- .& Texas prefd..:. ifl'.i -1
•^ii. .-.»"'. New jersey Central. r .v..-.'J. :-.v.'., ;-.13j |
1,720 New York CentraK..,v...-.-.....>.--132 1 '* I
: ... . COO'. Norfolk ¦ & . Western, . . . /.:. , ..:., .i : .?.J> 26% |
: A.V: :: Nqrf oik ;.'4? ¦VVestern prefd ..... ;..... » .'.• bli j
S.ibd. Northern Pacific «..i;i, 1 .v(v>r""v *i7»3
l.:-:3 Northern -Pacitle prefd., ;.'..,.; :•-.>•.. '2H. (
'[: S23 Ontario &.AVeeiern.w. ..;... ..:..ii.v...21H .«
.s....;.' Oregon. Railway/. ¦&/NavlKatio.ny. ¦...., .42 :
; - ;':J. :..:• Ore-gijtt Railaay& Niv prefd :.'...>,.• if ¦
44,:;0 Pennsylvania- :...'^.:.i'..;.^..«"--.;-l3ov4 ,
¦'¦'¦ : it* ¦•.¦0Rea3lhg.; i..v../..;.'.-:i..-;«.: r i > i "'.-'- Jii»'l
. XC3O Reading let pTefd*.;,:;,... T v.i.!..-.-;.6i% i
¦ <X>0.- Reading la-^refd. ;..-.;. ii.-.-.i.^.ii, ..;.-;,'. ':?«.*'.
¦,»,'».'„ lUc> <irand«(. : : W«stern ; .:-.-:v,....«...-"-:.w ¦: ;.
v.\ .-;:.' • lUp Grande ..Western prefd. ,...;....., -Sp j ;1
2(t) Pr I>puis & San' Ktancispo-^v. '.«.'.. .•.»11?» [
. . . . hir St . Lou ts <t' fea J» . Fran '.1st prefd . : ; . :, JWVa
0^") Sr Lx'Uis & San Fran 2d. JjreCd. ...... _;,35?iJ
1. t'.i«j' St Louis. Sr>uVh-n-e.stern-......>. v .i'.'v"' 14 : j
1.J10 .Si .Lou!?,- Southwe?ter» prefd.:,. .:..' 32^-,
'¦¦iM ?t Paul ;,:¦'..:.¦.. v.—..."^'..'...'"--^-''^ •
£Y,:;..'*t raulprefd.;:: ;.:.-'.. ;.:;:; k ->. ; .'-. : ;v:;'.l7«i:
....:.. '• St Paul -A pinahai.-...i;.:.->"--'V"--W2 i ; •
-Oi,Fio i?outKern Paotllc; ..-.¦V;.i4;-.....;.i....»: : 3i :¦«;
: 6C5 : So.uThern.'Ra,llwayi>>-.. .#. .;..::...,..¦..;,. J'%
•'¦' 'i;v46-- -.Southern ' -Railway. prefd- i. ..'... .^.v..- k6>4
.- ¦ .lw.Ttxas & 'Pacifl&;.;..w ,-.¦.;.'.;. »-..',i>...-16H.
¦ S.625 ¦¦.Vntoa Paclno „,..:...;.'.. .--:;./..:,. ..O.-W.
' i,350- tnlcn-' Paciftc pr*ta-.....i-V.>:«i :.i.v.,- . -.«»Vi-'
...... .-.•¦;. ¦\V\ahash :-..i;.::::.V.»...-ii,.-.^:>.—>.'.^i "^ i
-. : l.iBi: Wabash prefd ¦;....:v-y.^..;.V.»...-...., v 1S% I
1.V00: Wheeiingi L.E.:..:;-. i -.V i 4...VM—r.:. S'i .1
¦. 340 Whpejl-ng &:L-.I2 2d pre/d.. ..;.;.;.'.,.' 244 .i
..;' ;. ..:;-¦: 'VV-iscohstn CentralW.i .";i.;.-. ...i..M.'.i'r- "12H' -!
: :; li»- Third :A venue' Vv:,i,.«.'...^..»... ; .i..w.l(>» *
".-•:¦ -'¦.' • Exr-^^s Companies— *¦¦: . . ; ' ¦¦¦• • . .
»;;;:,.'•.- Adams;-Vvi.';:.^...^..\..:....;::...;:,.,... 130 : .
- . 100' American .^..'.>-,. .¦.-:>.>..;;.;. ..i... ••1*0 ¦
.. . .... ttnitec! States . . .'••... •>«..»« ... ....... . -4* .
:..:.:-.'. :.>Vp4l?.S-argo. ;.C»:.,i..v,..»..... ...>.. ....127. v
¦ '.' .-".' :\. Miscellaneous — :-.-i-~- C ¦". ¦¦ -'¦ ': '. ' ¦ .. -
.- 150 ' Araerlc:ah Otten. Oil..-,....^..i.i.... 35 ;
.'.j'.;.; :.Ainrrlran Cotton. Oil- prefd... ..v...... 91 .'
' ¦ / 310 ' Arrrpricari': Mai ting ¦¦..'¦.. ;..'.;.. .;i.'.;;i.«. B4'..
-.' 12.0 - American Malting prefd.. 1.. «¦.......:.. 25- i
•'. ".-.41.0 .-AhMTlVaii SmfKli>g..& Refng..v... 40»i
' *45- American' Smerting <fe Refng prefd.. SC>*i -.
.i:.'.v;r Atnerlcan Spirits ...-. ..¦..:'. ..'.;. IV2 j
..i.j.V ¦¦Aiurrican' Spirits- prefd-.-...... ,....17 \
' -2,260 American St&el >Hc>op -.a. ..,.;.:'.;-. ..-22H f
-... .100 Am>rl<"an- Ptee-l Hoop prefdi.:.^...,. T4. l i j
8,«« American Steel &. Wire. .'...'.. .-»..,.'. -34V;
¦ COO ¦¦ American -Steel. & Wire prefd....... 75 j
: - : -:i00 A-rnerican; Tin Plate.. ..„,......;...... 32*i -I
•70Q.Arapncan tin Plate'. pr*fd... '-.;...... .»Hi j
3,100 American TpbsjCCO-^'u...;.*... ;9C^a I
,.;.;;-. American Tttbaccd- pretd. ............ .130 .
1^100. Anaconda: ilining Co-: :...,..;... 44*i j
1C.650- Brooklyn-' Rapid ........... 80%.. j
' 4W)' Colcr'a'da .Fuet.&.-Iroa........ 3^4 '
-S.295 Continen'tat Tobacco' .:.....;.....;..... 26?* 1
¦ .4T-0 Continental Tobacco pfefd.i— ... 81
I;E.35 .Tederal Steel-.:.. ....'...-.. •*»••» 3T^
760': Federal Steel prefd. ............ ;...... 67^
. 200 General Electric -• 142 .
'.*•" HO Glucose Sugar. .....;.;' .64
140 Glucose Sugar prefd .'.......,...•. 1C0 .
• -C36 ¦ Intertiational Paper .; :...*..*.. 20^4
,....- r . 'International Paper. prefd. -.;. :....„. .66
..,.;.;' 'Laclede- Gas ....:....... ;-.- eSU
905 National, Hiscult ...;...'.... .¦ 35 l * 1
-.•' i(«0 ' National Biccuit 'prefd ,....<......,... &0U j
. '230 ¦: National Lead ..-;.; ;..-..,.:.... i.'ls 1^ (
¦200^National Lead.- prefd ;
: : 275 National Steel ..,.; ¦.»...; :s L i I
• -329 >'atlonal Steel pref d . .'. :. . ¦• . ¦ .$<Vs i
..:.:..; ;.New York.Alr Brake..:.,..:...:. ,;....;122
, \.'. '. ,v. : North ' American.. ':. . .-.'. .-.'• . .>'.....: — 15%
. : : : iOO Pa^lfi!: Coast. ..;:,...... .;.i.\..:.t,:;..: M .
¦..;. J , : .. Pacific.' Coast 1st .prefd................ S4.
;...';.. Pacific Coast. 2d- preid. ........... Co .
l470\ Pacific -Mall :....;. ..>...;.•.......; 42«,i-j
• J.1J0 People's: Gas : ........ ... ................. . 93Vi ,
' .100 Pressed Steel Car. ..u '.....;.. .......... ;43?-i.j
•-. -450 •: Pressed Steel Ear prefd... ...... i ...;... SIVi .'
' IDS PuUman Palace Car, ex div . ....... t .186 j
„:.•...•. FtandtrdRope.'.&.:Twlpe..'.. ....-..-• .Jj^j
1,720 -fugar :v,;..;.>,»:. ? -.^.":...^.».".-12?V
;,;-..... ¦Sug^prefd -.... wv... i .;—.» v .>,. r-U : ;l3
- "- 2 020: Tepneyee Coal and Iron;......-.;-... ol',».
¦'2.45O '.rr.lted' : States Leather, -. .•-". . . .>.» . ...... .11H
'¦¦¦¦ «o»" United States. "Leather ¦ prefd... ¦....."i0>4
' - '970 Vnited States • Rubber.'..... •: : :.•'..:•».* .i 31H
: 140 i'nited States Rubber prefd,;......,. 944
' ' 110- -Western' Union:'..-'.. — •-.-"••'•..¦..". ..••6 f >H
v M0 Republic Iron & Steel.-;..;.:....,..... .13 !
£75 Rej»ubllc Iron & Steel prefd.,......:... 56 . .
...l..:.;- PC C. & stLouis...-^..-,..'-v. : .i..»..... r v 2 :•
245.2PO' Bhares-'soli. • : ;: . v .. . '.-: : '• .:¦',' •'- .' ' ¦¦'¦
' . : " ¦ i : ¦ '¦¦'¦¦/ '¦ CLOSING pOXpS. ." \ ¦'¦ : ' .- .-'¦¦
C 6 rff 2s; rsgV..,lMH'iL-t N Uhi 4S.V.V... 99. . '
U.8, ref 2s.- coup..-.10'4%|M'K' i-T.Jds..:-..:.. 66
. Q S 3s reg, ..;..-.. :.10SV» I M K : & T 4s'. . :. . ;,., 92%.
L'-'S Is coup, ex! (nN' : "V- -Cent lst».-..:...109Vi :
interet ..,».......;iO3^;'S -J eent-..«ren «a<sJ21 .
C S 4s res.'-..:...»134;- i . K PAclflc 3s; ex Int 65%'.
t: s new 4s "coup, ".;: ¦¦.In- - Pactrtc -4s. ....... .'.ics%.,
I .«xlnterest ...... 1.34-4|MT-C&St L' 4s.lO7 ,'
! V 5 old 4s reg.'.. : - ;il5',iiN.&. SV con!.4s-..'.... S7H
VV 6 4s coupv...>.,;ii:?i Or--NaiF..lst«.v...'..^l98/:
U. S &s reg. .... . . . '. V.112H .Or Kav : 4s . j. .:.. i. . ,103
U- § 5s. coup;' ex' •• : . Or Short -Line .6s:..127%-.
I -, Interest :'¦ '¦¦• ,:¦'. • .'.112'^ Or -S -Line -.ion 6s.ll4
I Dls- : of .Col 3.65Sw. : .J.24^ : ReadJfigr; GVnr 4s.V,:.87-<4
! Atrhlsori Een-4s,.-.»i0tf^- ft' UjW lsts.: <..'... 9814'-
I Atchlsoh adj 4s/ «x" ' 'S.;L.!3k I >t con 6s.l0aTi
;: interest .;.-.:.'..'.. S3^ -6 L & S-:F- g6h 6s.l23:
Canada So Zds;;...lC«4 St Paul consols.:. .171 '.
Ches & Ohio «VSs:.100V*St : P-C&P l»t8'..;ilS^'i
Chep & Ohio 5s.'.ex;--.. :' ;St P; C & P §s..'..,n?
- lnt«re»t '.i:,.'....«ils v So. PacTfle 4s^.i.',,.' 81%
C & NW con 7s. ex ; •': So Railway 5s:...-..H0H
- interest •..¦..¦.;..:..137J4"Stajid R & T 6».;, 6S.%
C & NW:S . F. : deb- • &.Pac tiX»'.*.ai(%-
I 16,: ex ihtV..w,;.117% Tex ':& Pac; 2ds.....-.;66 : ;
i Chgo Terminal -4s. S2*^ L'nidn . Pacific ¦*•?.. 10MS
¦' CctIo: -Southern 4s... .81^, W'ab -lsts. ex Jnt...il5%
j X) &¦ RG 4s. ..'... ..-99 . Wabash 2ds::.....,102 •
I Erie -General 4s...'.71V» Weet Bhore- *s>.-.>.:112V4
•i F -W'.& "p C lsts..J .'"a'A-Wls Ceht.lsts:...... fc6 .:
.1 Gea' Electric 6s.:.118 Centuries.*....: 99 '
'.Iowa-Central' istsvilMii !;'¦'¦- v " : -¦ '• • ¦¦'¦ '
j. .:.: : ,;: . . : ; '• •_¦ itxNiNCi stocks. "¦ .-' . : •; .-*• ¦':¦
1 "Crown pQtnf.i.^v.- • 12 Ontario ;..---..;..'.;. «00
i Ghollar i..;..-. : l.v r ,.» '. 12Ophlr .:........,;.., Ta
! Con: CaV.& Va....;- ; 90 Plymouth .:;.*......' 10
! DeadwOod ..¦:...:..', . 40 Quicksilver ..>:.... 1 25
1 Gould. &• Curry...;.' «5 Po prefd -....:.... .6 50
( Hale ¦'&' Norcross...- 22- SJerra Nevada' .;.. ?0
jHomestake '•.......,. 60 00 Standard, '...'..-i. ;,. '.Z 35
I Iron Stiver ;.«.»•,"?* . C5 Uhiort C6n „.>..;... 12
'.••Mexican .' .'. - : . i5». . ' -?7 -.Yellow Jacket :..;..: 12
j .;¦ : • • BO^TQN STOCKS AND BONDS.: <\ . . :.
j. '¦¦ iloney— ' ¦¦:'¦' ¦¦.''¦ ¦ >MRubb*>r-..':. .¦.,.-,.,. .30^4
.r-Call loans.-: ;...-.. 3V404 , Cnlon. Paciflc-.i..,.-61V4
.1 Time loans.:.... .4^4§€ Union: Land ..I..,.; 1%
L.- fftfirlrii' - V .'¦ ¦ •••' :| . Bonds > -;;• '.r. '¦'¦-. -.
! A T& S r.i..'..,..:..3tv4-Atc.his6n 4s ........100%
j. A T& S F ¦prefd.,'.-7S7 / jry u-;Gas. & Coke.. .63
American-Burar.:..123W' : . Mining Shares— •
: Do prefd ........ VI15i4;Advemure: .....;;.;, *%
American. Tele.. .. -147 „ Allouer Mln Co..'. 2VJ
Boston. &• Albany. .24S- Amalg Copper. .;. <• 90^4
"Boston "Elevated'... 155 . Aflan.tlc'.. ..;..-.;... 23
Boston &'Malne:....jap' Bob ton & Mont.. ..320 .
•C 'D '&'• Q-...:~.'....127H Butt* &BoEton...i C3 '
Dominion- Coal .<..'.:-3&% <"alumet & Hecla...795'
•Do pretd <..i."..'-;lll ': Centennial. ..;...:...• IV
'¦ .Ed Eiect. ll\.:~..:.'.il% $ Franklin .....v...,. 14 .
Federal Steel ..'...-'37*; Humboldt ....:....- 25
Do prefd J........ 67^ Osceola .,-...;»..,;'.. 7T>i
'! Fit chburg' prefd i.ltt. iParrot '..»..:.......:. 44%
l G*>ieral. Electric. /.142%;Qulncy ..,-...... .;.:156
• Do prefd: .¦..'. i :..>140 - 1 Santa Ke ..Copper.. ¦ 6%
| : Mexican Central ... 12*4 Tamarack .,;.235
'Mich. Telephone' ,. « • Utah Mining ....... 31
I N E Gas- & Coke.. l2%^Vinona ..:.•..'.....•: 3
! Old Colony ' . ... -. . . .202 . t Wolverthes u. ..... 41Vi
i. Old Dominion ..:„ 21%! ¦ .¦'.- ' ' ' -.
; EA'APO RATED APPLES-rThe market for
¦'eVBJtoraied apples. '. continues . quiet and un
changed. State evaporated -.- apples, common,
*#5c;' prime, i\H5\ib.; choice, &^i@<c; fancy, 6
: ; ¦'.:;¦;; .¦•¦¦'. ¦•¦ '•¦•.¦¦ .
Cft'.i/orhia dried fruits were inactive;
¦ ¦PRUNES— 3*$@S}£c per:pound. as to size and
Quality .* : ' -%' '•¦ :¦' :¦': .' '
' APRICOTS— Royal.' ll<g'14c: Moorpark. ISiaiec.
P£:ACl.|ES-r-i;npeeled,: $<Q%c-, peeled, 16®20c.
DRIED FRUITS.
NEW YORK; Nov. l.-FLOUR-ReceipU, 34,
4,15 barrels;, export^,' 12,495 barrels; Eales, 9400
packages... Market was Jess active but well sus
tained .on. yesterday's . basis, ¦ notwithstanding
the. decline in -.wheat . . •'
'.,^ WHfcAT— Receipts,. 27,760 bushels; shipments.'
.144.5-11 Dushels; 'sale's, . 3,475,'000 bushels futures,
200 000. bushels EPOt.. Spbt— Steady: No. 2 red.
IWf.o.b; afloat, 7T*ic elevator; No. l'North
e.m Duluth; Soc t. 0. b. .afloat; No, 1 hard Du
luth f SSVic I. o. ' b.- afloat. Options were Irregu
lar all day.pn conflicting Argentine news. ; First
reports were more favorable and ¦ weakened our
¦market sharply, A later recovery followed . on
renewed bullish advloea from Argentine, after
which' late . Ui th« session a second .break oc
curred" under- 'disappointing export clearances,
th»-' market .-rloslng weak 1 at %& net decline.
Mareh, 82H!§S3%c, cjosed S2%c: May. 82UffS2iUc.
closed S2!ic; November, 77Ai(g78 ! ic, closed 77T»c;
December, -78 15-16!S73*ic, closed .7S%c. .
HOPS— iQulet,- • . "-.
¦ HIDES— Firm. : •.•."•.•';
.-. woQL-^Du.n. '.. ... • . :
.'• COFFEE-^Spot— Rio, quiet; No. 7 Invoice,
C*b'C; ' tnlld. quiet: Cordova, 9 a ,*@13Uc- Futures —
Cloeed- steady at unchanged prices to a decline
of 6 .points.; Total sales, -S500. bags, including:
November, $7 26® 7 25.; December.- $7 30; March,
$7 45; May;- $7 £5@" &>; July, J7 60S7 65; Septem
¦ber. : $7 70<§ 7: 7£ .'¦¦..-¦ :'..'- ; - ' '- . ¦ -
¦ SUGARr^Raw. quiet: fair ' reflnlng. 4c; cen
trifugal. 96, test; A\ic; niolasses sugar, 8%c; re
flned, quiet. • ¦ • " ¦'- ¦ . ¦: ¦ ..
BUTTER — Receipts, 2245 . packages; firm.
Creamery. . l6(i?22Ue;. June creamery.; 18@21c-,
factory. 1S@16cj- ¦- \ - ¦ - ! : ¦ . ¦ ¦
EGGS— Recetpts, 6533 packages: steady. West
ern rpcrular .packing, at mark, 17@19c; with Joss
• :: i .¦ ¦¦¦'¦' ' ¦;¦ : ¦ ¦ ¦ '.
New York Grain and Produce.]
S^j^^^^US^fchj^t unchanged: . i '£¦ .•¦¦¦. ;. £.; ¦ • •¦'; ;•;••• '', •'- ; ¦:[ ; ' i
Wheat futures lower. Barley firm.
Oats, Corn and Rye unchanged.
Bratt Ickvct. Hay easy and: qiritf, ¦, ¦¦¦:..•¦¦ ..:.,--,,.. .- , . ;. .
fi tans, continue firm, though receipts arc heavy. ¦
SzcccI Potatoes lozver. Onions and 1'cgctabks steady. •
I^ptilp'y'^d:Cwfje a^o^tipie)same. ¦[:':; V-::. : .f : '/. ;:-; : ; -.'-¦. .:;•¦; f.-~l : : _
Butter and Eg^rt unchanged.
Dried Fruits dull. Chestnuts lozver.
Provisions as before.
Hides quieter, but tending upuwd. '¦ '
mercantile paper,. • l<§6- per cent. Sterling ex
change tasv; wltii actual buslTiess in bankers'
bills at »4 "S3%- for demand and at $4 80% ©4 80%
for sixty days; posted rates, $4 Sl%@4 So; com
mercial . bills, $4 79%®f 80.- Silver certificates,
C4US6&Hc;' bar silver, C4%C; Mexican dollars,
5O«ic. • Government bond*, steady; State bonds,
irregular; railroad .bonds. . irregular.
SU3h!ARY : -0mTHB,^fARKETS.
CORN— Spot— Dull: American mi-">d "»** «n
2%d. Futures— Steady; December, is; January,
3s lOd. .
WHEAT— Spot-Steady: No. 2 red Western
winter, steady, 6s Sd; No. 1 Northern spring,
steady, 6b- 3V4d; No. 1 California, steady. 6s 4d.
Futures — Steady; December, 6s Hd; February,
6s l%d. .
LIVERPOOL, Nov. L— Wheat, firm; No. 1
standard California, 6s 3%dS6s 5^d; French
country markets, quiet; weather in England,
warm.
COTTON— Uplands. 5 E-16d.
CLOSING.
LONDON, Nov. 1.— Silver, 29%d; cargoes on
passage, rather firmer, sellers asking 3d more:
cargoes No. 1 standard California. 30s 6d; car
goes Walla Walla. 29s 3d; English country mar
kets, quiet.
Foreign Markets.
TACOMA, ' Nov. 1.— Wheat quiet and un
changed. Bluestem, 55^c; club, 62%c
Foreign wheat exports from Portland for the
¦week ending to-day were 377,331 bushels.
PORTLAND, Nov. 1.— Wheat steady but In
active. Walla, Walla, 53c; bluestem, 660.
OREGON,
Northern Wheat Market.
PORTLAND, Or.. Nov. 1. — Clearings, S515.SS0;
balances, $133,178.
Portland's Business.
NEW YORK, 'Oct. 31.— The Earl Fruit Com
pany auctioned California fruit to-day and re
alized the following prices: Pears — B. Clalr
g"au, boxes. $1 30<gI 90, average $1 36. Three
cars sold to-day. Every indication of rain.
BOSTON. Oct. 31.— The Earl Fruit Company
realized the following prices for California
fruit sold at auction to-day: Grapes—Cornl
chons, single crates, $1 40@l 65, average $1 58;
Cornlchons, double crates, $2 30@3 25. average
$3; Tokays, double crates, $1 60<S!4 55, average
$3 52: Tokays, single crates. 7Qc@$3 30, aver
ago $1. Every indication of rain. One car sold
to-daj'.
CHICAGO, Oct. 81.— The Earl Fruit Company
sold California fruit at auction j to-day and
realized the following prices: Grapes — Emper
ors, single crates, $1 30@l 65. average $1 48; To
kays, single crates, 75c@$l 85, average $1 15;
Muscats, single crates, average $1 35. Pears-
Nells, half boxes, average 95c. Four cars sold
to-day. Weather warm.
FOR THURSDAY, NOVEMBER J.
Flour, qr 8ks .... 14,680 Wool, bales 51
Wheat, ctls 420 Pelts, bdls 65
Barley, ctls 405 Hides. No. 849
Oats, ctls 520, Leather, rolls ... 116
Corn, ctls 400 Quicksilver, flks. 25
Butter, ctlft 264 Lime, bbls 273
Cheese, ctls .... 181|Eggs. doz 12,840
Tallow, ctls .... 223'Sugar, sks ....... 1.788
Beans, sks 10,96} Wine, gals 18,300
Bran, sks 700 Chicory, bbls ... 69
Hay. tons 408 Raisins, bxs .... 600
Straw, tons 5
Receipts' of Produce.
Crushed, 6.65c: Powdered. 6.25c; Candy Gran
ulated, 6.25c; Dry Granulated, 6.15c; Confec
tioners' A. 6.15c; Magnolia A. 5.75c; Extra C.
5.65c; Golden C, 5.55c; barrels, 10c more; half
barrels, 25c more; boxes, DOc more; 50-Ib bags,
lOo more. No orders taken for less than 75
barrels or Its equivalent. Domlnos, half-bar
rels.'6.90c: boxes. 7.15c per lb.
BAGS — San Quentin Bags, $5 63; Calcutta
Grain Bags. June and July, 6%{?6Uc; Wool
Bags. 2SV6©32%c; Fleece Twine, 7V4c; Fruit
Bags, 6^(&6%c for White and 8&@S»£c for
blenched Jute.
COAL — Wellington. $D per ton; Southfield
Wellington, $9; Seattle, $7; Bryant, $7; Coos
Bay, $5 50: Wallsend. $9; Co-ODeratlve Wall
send, $9; Cumberland, $12 In bulk and $13 25 In
tacks: Pennsylvania Anthracite Egg, $14; Cari
nel, $12 per ton: Coke, $15 per ton In bulk and
$1S In sacks; Rocky Mountain descriptions,
$8 45 per 2000 lbs and $3 50 per ton. according to
brand.
SUGAR— The Western Sugar Refining Com
pany quotes, per lb, in 100-lb bags:
General Merchandise.
BEEF — 6S6^4c for Steers and 5@5%o per lb
for Cows.
VEAL— Large, 7@Sc; small. 8%@9c per lb.
MUTTON— Wethers, 7@7Hc; ewes, 6H@7c per
pound.
LAMB— 8@8Vtc per lb.
PORK— Live Hogs. 6V4c for small, 514c for
medium and .514c for large; stock Hogs and
feeders. 5c; dressed Hogs, 7H@SHc.
Hides are quieter, and are expected to remain
so until after the election, when It Is expected
that business will pick up. Prices are very
firm, however, and tending upward.
HIDES AND SKINS— Culls and brands sell
about lc under quotations. Heavy salted
Steers, 9H®10c; medium, 8to@9c; light, 8H©9o;
Cowhides. 8%@9c; Stags, 6Hc; Salted Kip, 9c;
Salted Veal, &c; Salted Calf, 10c; Dry Hides,
16c; culls, 14c; Dry Kip. 16c; Dry Calf, 17@18c;
culls and brands, 13ft ISc; Sheepskins, shear
lings, 20® 30c each: short Wool, 30@50c each;
medium, 60@S5c; long Wool, 75c @$1 each; Horse
Hides, salt. K SO for large. $2 for medium, $1 for
small and 60c for colts; Horse Hides, dry, $1 50
for large. $1 25 for medium, $1 for small and
25@50c for colts. Deerskins — Summer or red
skins, 35c; fall or medium skins, 30c; winter or
thin skins, 17#®20c. Goatskins— Prime An
goras, 75c: large and smooth, &0c; medium, 35o.
TALLOW— No. 1 rendered, 4@4%c per lb; No.
2. 3t?3>*c: prease, 2@2%c.
WOOL— Spring clip Is quotable as follows:
Northern, free, 15@16c; Northern, defective, 12®
14c; Middle County, free, l4Q16c; Middle County,
defective, 12@14c; Southern Mountain. 13
months', 9(fflOc; Southern Mountain, free. 7
months', ll@12c; Southern Mountain, defective,
7 months', iWille; Humboldt and Mendocino, 16
@17c; Nevada. 13©16c per lb.
Fall Clip— San Joaquln. 6%@Sc; do Lambs', 8
09c: Middla County, 9@10c per lb.
HOPS— ll%@15c per lb.
San Francisco Meat Market..
COTTOLENE — One-half barrel. 8Hc; three
fcalf barrels, SVic: one tierce. 8%c; two tierces,
SVic; five tierces, 8%c per lb.
Hides, Tallozv, Wool and Hops.
CURED MEATS— Bacon, 10%@lle per lb for
>.eavy. 12c for light medium. 13c for light. 14c
for extra light and 15c for sugar cured; East
ern sugar-cured Hams, HH@12c; Mess Beef,
$12 50 per barrel; extra Mess, $13 50; Family,
$13 E0: extra Prime Pork. $16; extra clear, $19 50;
Mess, $16; Smoked Beef. 13c per lb.
LARD — Tierces quoted at 6%c per lb for com
pound and Bo for pure: half-barrels, pure, 9V»c;
10-lb tins. 9%c; 5-lb tins. 9!»c.
Quotations remain the same, with a moderate
call for cured meats.
HONEY— Comb. 13H®14Hc for bright and 12%
@13c for light amber; water white, extracted.
7*i®Sc; light amber, extracted, 7@7%c; dark, a
eeVfcc per lb.
BEESWAX-24S^6c j*r lb.
Provisions.
NUTS— Chestnuts, 6@7c per lb; Walnuts. No.
1 BOftshell, lie; No. 2, Sc; No. 1 hardshell. 10c;
No. 2.- 7Hc; Almonds. 15<gl6c for paper-shell,
UQ12HC for spftsbell; Peanuts, 5f?6c for East
ern; Brazil Niits, 13c; Filberts, 13c; Pecans, 11
@13c: Cocoanuts, $3 50@5.
The trade reports the demand for everything
very slow. Raisins excepted. Prices remain
unchanged.
FRUITS— Prunes, Santa. Claras, 4 sizes 3c
4C-50s, 7c; 60-60s, 5lic; 60-70s. frfcc; 7O-8Os 3Uc :
S0-9Cs. 2%c; 90- 100s. 2%c; 100s and over, 2c; ra
bies. He premium; Sonomas. Vic and San Joa
quins He less than Hanta Claras, except 100s
and over, which stand the same. Apricots, 6®
8c for Royals and 10@llHc for Moorparks*
Evaporated Apples, 4@4Hc; sun-dried, 2u@4c'
Peaches, 4%@5o for standard. 6@6c for choice
and 7©7Hc for fancy: Pears, 2@7c; Plums
pitted. 5@6>4c; unpitted, l@lttc; Nectarines 5®
6%u for red and 6Vi@fc for white. .
RAISINS— The Raisin Growers' Association
has established the following prices for the
season of 1900: Bleached Thompson's fancy. I2o
per lb; choice, lie; standard. »?ic; prime, 8c;
unbleached Thompson's. 9c per lb. Sultanas-
Fancy, 10^c per lb; choice, 9U C ; standard, 8%c
prime, Sc; unbleached Sultanas, 8c; Seedless
60-lb boxes. 6&c; 2-crown loose Muscatels. 6c
2-crow.n, €%c; 4-crown, 7c; London Layers. 2
crown, |1 »0 per box; 3-crown, %l 60; Fancy
Clusters, J2; Dehesa, %2 60; Imperial, S3. All
rrlces f. o. b. at common shipping points In
California.
CITRUS FRUITS— Navel Oranges, $2 50@4 50;
Seedlings, $2 / g'2 60; Lemons, 25c@$l 25 for com
mon and $1 61KJ2 50 for good to choice; Mexican
Limes. $4@4 5U; California Limes, 40'fJOc; Ba
nanas. $1 75^2" 50 per bunch; Pineapples, $1 60®
3 50 per dozen.
Dried Fruits, Nuts and Raisins.
GRAPES— Muscats, Tokays, Verdells, black
and other ordinary varieties, 35@50c per small
box and S0@-65c per crate; Isabellas, in crates,
"ScigU; Cornlchons, in crates, 40@65c: Wine
Grapes, J18@20 for White, $20®22 for Mission
and $15^25 per ton for Zlnfandel.
MELONS— Nutmegs, 25©50c per case; Canta
loupes. EOc@$l per crate.
PLUMS-20@40c per box,
APPLES— 2S(g BOc per box for common and
60*i5i0c for good to choice; Spitzenbergs, eOcS^l;
Oregon Spitzenbergs, $1@1 3.
PEARS— Winter Nells, 50c@$l; Cooktng Pears,
25@50c Der box.
QUINCES— S0«75c per box.
PERSIMMONS— 30®65c per box.
CRAXBERRIKS-Cape Cod, $S 50®9 per bar
rel; Coos Bay. $2 25Q2 50" per box.
STRAWBERRIES— $3@5 per chest for large
and — for small berries.
HUCKLEBERRIES— 6c per lb.
RASPBERRIES— J* 50!g6 per chest.
POMEGRANATES— 75c@Jl, according to size
of box.
DECIDUOUS FRUITS—
Cranberries are higher and a further advance
Is predicted, owing to the short crop In the
East. '
Oranges, Limes and Lemons stand about as
before.
Supplies of Grapes are much lighter, but prices
do not Improve much.
New Tangerines appeared from Marysville,
Bellins at J2 23<g2 50 per box.
Deciduous and Citrus Fruits.
tlon— weak, with accumulating stocks and a
tendency toward lower prices. The demand for
both Is less urgent than It has been. There Is
no chansre In cheese. . • .
. BUTTER—
Creamery — Fancy Creamery, 22@24c; seconds,
21c.
Dairy— Fancy, 21c; good to choice, 20c; com
mon. 18@19c. *
Creamery tub— 2O022%e per lb.
Pickled roll— 19S21C.
Firkin— 18@19c.
Storage goods— 22%@24c.
CHEESE — New, ll^c; old, 9Sllc; Young
America, 11%@12<4c; Eastern, 13V4@14c; West
ern, 10@12c per lb.
EGGS — Quoted at 20@30c for store and S7H®
44c per dozen for ranch; Eastern, lSg?26c.
THURSDAY. Nov. 1—4 p. ra.
Bid. Ask. I Bid. Ask.
Alpha 02 03iJustlc« 03 05
Alta 02 03|Kentuck 03 04
Andes 06 07 lLady Wash .... - 03
Belcher 11 13jMexlcan SI 32
Best & Belcher 26 2S .Occidental 08 10
Bullion 02 03 Ophlr 79 80
Caledonia 33 33 Overman OS 07
Chollar 16 17 Potosl 12 13
Challenge Con. 13 14 Savage 17 19
Confidence 60 63;Scorplon — 04
Con Cal & Va.l 06 1 10 Seg Belcher.... 02 03
Con Imperial... — OllSlerra Nevada. 23 25
Con New York. 01 — Silver Hill 33 34
Eureka Con.... — 43 St Louis — 12
Crown Point... 10 12IStandard 3 2o —
Exchequer .... — 01 Syndicate 04 —
Gould & Curry 74 78 Union Con .... 17 19
Hale & Norcrs 27 2S Utah 07 OS
Julia 02 04 Yellow Jacket. 17 18
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
800 Best & Belcher 28 200 Overman . — .. 0.
SOOChoUar 17 400 Potosl 13
BOO Con Cal & Va.l 05 200 Silver Hill ... 32
600 Gould & Curry 75 600 Union Con .... 17
2\>o Ophlr 79 600 Yellow Jacket.. 17
Afternoon Session.
400 Belcher 13 4*> Occidental 08
300 Best & Belcher 24 150 Ophlr 77
300 Hale & Norcrs 2S 300 Savage- .... IS
200 Hale & Norcrs 27
Momlrur Session.
The following were the sales In th* Pacific
Stock Exchange yesterday:
100 Andes 07 300 Mexican n
100 Belcher 12 300 Ophlr 80
100 Best & Belcher 27 100 Overman 06
300Chollar W Potosl .... ||
300 Crown Point... 11 100 Silver Hill .... 32
200 Gould & Curry 75
Afternoon Session.
200 Bullion 02 200 Mexican «
100 Caledonia 33 300 Overman M
1500 Con Imperial.. 01 600 Union Con ... Is
1000 Hale & Norcrs 25 200 Utah ........... 05
300 Mexican 30 200 Yellow Jacket. II
Morals* Session.
The following: were the sales In the San Fran
cisco Stock and Exchange Board yesterday:
Street— . , „
100 Twenty-eight * J£
1C0 Home Oil * 50
MINING STOCKS.
• Morning Session.
Board —
100 Four Oil Co 49
8S0 Home Oil *$?
400 Monte Crlsto • 1 2-»
100 Monte Crlsto J »>
100 Monte Cristo ..— . - 1 17%
200 Twenty-eight - « * 10
Afternoon Session.
Board—
SCO California-Standard ~ -.. $0
100 Four Oil Co , «
200 Home Oil * 50
to Home OH *W
3C0 Independence • ** ..
160 Kem River « .0
100 McKittrtck Consolidated 60
100 Monte Cristo - } *>.
135 San Joaquln Oil & Development 9 3.V4
900 Twenty-eight z °°
MISCELLANEOUS BONDS.
Bay Co P Co. .102% — Oak Water Bs.lOS'-ilCoH
Cal-st Cab 5s.. 118% — ' Oceanic S3 5s.l09*4UO
C C Water 5s. .1071* — * Om C Ry 6s. ..127 — . .
Ed L & P 6s.l3l' — Pac G Imp 4s:iO2 —
F & Cl Ry 6s.. — — P & Cl Ry 6s.lO4V4 —
Geary-st It 6s. — - PiORR 69,113 _-
H C A S 5Hs.. — — Powell-et R 6s, — —
Do 5s ., 100H — Sac E G&R 6s. WilOO
L. A R 6s 107 107% S F. & SJV Ss.llSV* — .
L A LtjCo 6a.. — 103 S R of Cal 6s.. — 113
Do gtnd 6s... — — S P of A. «s...112?s113 •
L A gntd 5s.,— 101Vi S P ofC6s(1905) . ' •
L A PR R Es. — 102',i (Seii^ A)..-10S —
Market-st 6s.. 128% — Do (Series B).10S*e — .
Do 1st M 5s..llS»*U9'.i Do (1906). ....1091,110
NCNOR78.110 114 Do <1912)., ..11SH119V
N R of Cal 6s. 113 — : ISP R 1st g 5S.105 • 10b
Do 5s 116Vi — P V R 6* !*> —
N P C R R 6s. — — S V Water 6s.ll3HH4'i
Do 5s 106%— J Do 4s 102 102V
X Cal Ry 5a. ..112 — Do 34 mtse.10234 —
Oak G L. & H.110 — Stktn Gas 6s.l00 107
Oak Tran 6s..— 117^1. • !
• WATER STOCKS.. • :} •
Contra Costa.. 63'i 70Vi Spring Valley. 93Vi 93%
Marln County.. S1H — ¦ " ¦ •
GAS AND ELECTRIC STOCKS.
CentL&PCo 3 T i 5 Pac L Co.;.... «H <3
Kqult O L Co. 34 3^ Sac El O&RCb 34 40
Mutual El Co. — 10 S F G 4 E...: 51 — .
O G L & H.... 49i* 43 v, s an Francisco. 4Ti »>»
Pao Gas Imj. 52 52H Stkn G & E Co — 14
INSURANCE STOCKS. .
Flrem's Fund.226 — / •
BANK STOCKS. ' : [
Anelo Cal T,td. 69 — First Nation!.. 236 300
Bank of Cal.40S»£ — I»n P &¦ A.:.137Vi.—
Cal S D & T.104 105^ Merchants' Ex 16 A3
SAVINGS BANKS. :
Ger S & L —1900 Sav & L So... — SI
Hum S & L. . — — Sec Say. Bk. . . — — .-
Mut Sav Bk.. 51 — I Union T Co — —
S F Sav U 515 — •
STREET RAILROAD STOCKS.
California 124 — O S L & H.... JS —
Geary-st 20 37}i Presidio ......— 22
Market-st — 68&
POWDER STOCKS.
California — 160 Vlgorlt ........ 3% 3%
Giant Con Co. E2H <S3
. ' SUGAR STOCKS.
Hana S P Co. 7 7& Kllauea S Co. 20% —
Haw C & S Co 84 — Makawell S Co *1H 4!
Honokaa S Co. 30% — Onomea S Co. 23 29%
Hutch S P Co. 25W 26 Paauhau S Co. 31 31ft
MISCELLANEOUS STOCKS.
! Al Pack Assn. — 125% Pac X P A... 2% —
Cal Fruit Asn.l01H — Pao C Bor Co. — 152
Mer Ex Assn.. 97 100 Par Paint Co. 12% —
Oceanic S Co.. 92 93
Morning Session.
Board — ¦ :
SO Kllauea Sugar Plantation Co........ 20 75
$1000 Los Angeles Railway 5s ._ 107 37V»
jlW(O Oakland Transit Co 6s 116 73
175 Pacific Gas Improvement 32 CO
£00 San Francisco Gaslight 5 CO
10 Spring Valley Water 93 50
Street —
B0 Makawell Sugar Co 41 75
100 Pacific Gas Improvement. 52 CO
Afternoon Session. - '
Board—
8 Bank of California .... 409 t»
Eft Honokaa Sugar Co 30 75
: 20 Hutcblnson S P Co '• .25 50
I2CC0 Market Street Railroad Con 5s. 119 00 .
23 Onomea Sugar Co 23 0O
2f, Paauhau S P Co 31 CO
85 Pacific Gas Improvement..' ..... E2 25
10 S F Gas & Electric Co al 00
15 S F Gas & Electric Co bl 12Vi
Street—
J2P0O Contra Costa Water Bonds.... 107 50
100 Kilauea Sugar Plantation Co 20 75
$2000 Northern California Railway 5s. 112 00
?1C,OOO Spring Valley 4s (3d mortgage)... 102 37*4
PRODUCERS' OIL EXCHANGE.
V
peted. There was a large supply of cross
breds at a brisk demand. America took fair
lines of superior greasles Good shorts were
active, but inferior stock was slow.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, NOVEMBER 2, 1900.
Calif orn ia , Fruit Sales.
LOCAL MARKETS.
Chicago Grain Market.
10
COMMERCIAL AND FINANCIAL NEWS
Foreign Futures.
THE STOCK MARKET.
RAII^RQ AD TBAVEL.
Galilei Fc
Trains— Daily
• Leave Mark«t-street Ferry Depot.
Air" !?£kton DClJCO -U : !& a m l! :i<) P ml 8--W p m
.. ? : « P n> ins a m
„ f.f"?. 0 4:Wpm 1:05 am
• I. Ji 1 *"* «:00 p m Jiw a m
- HanfoV':::::: IS 1 2 ' »:» : s
' '.'. JS?. nsas C'ty... 6:15 p ra
Chicago 7:40 am
with iB'eiSinL'r?™"? 0 a w nd B^^enfle'd Exprtss.
AUCTION SiLES
¦ ¦----. . ¦ • •¦¦--..: ... - : ". -^
;,...;¦•;¦..;; .-/MONDAY. \ C^^0} J
MONDAY X.'~... r v-v"i'.'.,.. ;.,.-.. v.^.Nbvetnber il ¦:
':...' At 11 a. rri..-; c'n th^ premises.- -' ; - ¦:.'• • ¦ X .
Xo. 1611 Vallejo St.. between' Vaii Xes» aWi .?
and Franklin- st: . I' will, sell j "»* complex's corti ;
tractor's outfit, .corisistihs ¦' of . 2S ;hf ad .of : horses .-
and mares.' sand waRons,' dump.. carts, harness. ; -
tpoils.. etc.. - etc. : - alsio 1' zinc lined scavenger
cairt and- 1 phaeton. ¦ This iw«re.,is peremptory. '
• .' ¦• : : . : ¦¦' S;. WATKIXS, Auctlnneir. ;
JBAH-KOAD TBAVEt.,.. K ¦ y- ;
ROiiTtiKiiM iMCirif «nojn**NT.
., •'; . -. :•-. '(pA.ciric ii'THtiv.)' - : ;. ¦;¦ :' : :\ ¦;. : ¦ .'
Train* l»iii<> nail nri> cine lnnrrl>«*l ..
' ¦¦ - ' . ': **!> Hl*jn:|«». • j.- - '
. (Mkin Ijj>e, Foot "MI»*:<«* Streety '•'• '-.. ; : -
tsATB — Fiiov ocr«BEi«i 1, 19C1 — «««"•
' •T:OOa BenicU. SMl«nn, Elmlra. V*caVma, . • '¦ '¦¦¦ '¦¦':' ¦
Kuniaey iuad »acr»iu«iit>v ........ "7i-li»»
•. '7iOOa Sbwu Expir»- Uiita. WKIIiiiM (fci ¦;-.;•.
. •¦ :-..-. UarUett Springs), WlUowi, Uod ¦ '
Ulufl.Pon^i,ri.;. _.........,.... *7««3»
*?:3Oa &Iarliuer, MauUamun. Vallejo, Nap*, . '¦ ''
'- ' I »:iati>io -ami s*iit.» l:.m» :*9>l3p
. "SiOOa iHtLv Woodlaijd. Kulght* L»ndlag, - . . •¦ - : •
Mmtstillo. or..»la«. . ........ •7!«»»
•»:«•« Ati»ot|.T l--.<i<rvu— O(ieii aod East •»»:•••>?
•8:00iKnet. Trtcy. Lathrop. Stockton..... •tt:13A
; 'SlUUi Han JtMUa, IJnerltmrr, S:.ickHin, ..'. ' ¦¦ .
lone. ,-<*CT»..irnt<., PlmcnflUigL',' : ':'
M«rj»»lU-. Chlcn. Ila.1 IllutT ..... •¦«.». "»r
•«i»o* n»ktU:«. ChlnfW!. Hiiiicr*. C»r»«r»... v«M9|
•««:«Oa H»jw»r«ls. \ii-oind Way •n%tloni. •! I : 13 *
•1»!OOa Los Aoceles Ei»r«s« — M»ninrz r ¦
'•...I • ¦ . Tr»cjr, I*Uirop. Hrocktoo, Merced / "• -'¦¦-.
'¦ Fre-no »nd I,o» Actfsles .......... *7;l-1r
•9>.t»* V»llr1... Martin** «tirt \V», HUtlou. '3!»f
•!»:•«»» Th* Ot«1»ihI ljMittMt — GglloD. Lmu- ' - '
ver, Oinab*. C'lilca^i... ....... •«;*»» -
•IIiOOa KUrs, Biockton. Sacramrato, Men* ? ' *\
dots, Fretao, lUnXura. Vl»*li»,
Porterville....... Milt*
•]1:OOa liTtrmorf. S»cg-r. Goahen Jano-
tlon. Bakanfieid. Loa An«elea....^ : ' : —
• ft -.no* HiiMiJi, >ilr« »n.l W»y ,-)i»tion». •¦»it^»
fliOOr Mi»cr»in«u to Hirer »t tmi-n . . ...... . tl On »
•iliOOp n»7«r»rds, Kilrs and Way Stttiont. •»: tit
•iifiur Murtinvji, Haii JUtuoti, Vallejo, .-'.
Nairn. Ualtxtoia. Santa P.o« *UiI3*
MiOUr Bautda. Winters. rt«cri»in-euta. , - -
« \Vo.,,Il«n,l. KuiiibU -. \jkui\llif, ¦¦¦ '".'•:
. M»ry»Tl!l#. ..<>forjllw;,>. ......... v*IMl»
MiSOr Nllet, HauJ one ami Stock Ion ....... *7il3f
*»:«OrThe Owl IJalt«Hl— Tracy, Fzmdo. :
BaaenSaUt. .Saug«« lor B»nU Bar- '
:-'-¦ . b^r». Lo* Autit-lra. ................ 'lOil.ia.
•S<«*p Stockton.. ...*.. M»*««a
•StOor New Orlpaot Krprem— lidltenjileliU .-., ; .
- . . 8»n»a il»th»ra, Los Aajdes, l>sn». ' \.". .
Ing, El Fijo, Now OrJ?au> aatt ".
•"East ............Vr........* "7i'-»*
•«:OOr Haywarda. Kile«»rul Han Joaa...... *Ti«S»
IfliOOr Vallcjn.. ;'.'f^.V.-.i..~~.*.*l9tM9w
•«<O*r OrieDtal M.*ll -Offlen," Chejenae. •¦ •.. : ;
Omaha, Chfcwjo. .......... ; .-...«'. 'Vist^r
»«:O«p Orieotal Mall-Ogdso. u;nrer.
¦ Omaha. CMciwra. ..,:.. ..*.:;.-.;... # 4«|!lp .
•TiOOr NU«»vrracy r L»throt>. Stockton.... •!»»»»»
•7«»»r Uwfrin and CalUpriiU a.»i>fes».H««- -,- ' . -
'< ¦¦' . »»M.e.J.t>, Marj»»ll(w. ICeiMFn*,
' '. •'• . riutUn.l. Pmi»t H0111..I ami i:»st •¦•sl3*
}Si«3r Valleju. f .rt t.cit* tuJ Way Mt»
tiona .....,..:.:... .^..:, ......... >HiQ«»
COAST HIT UION (Xnrroir U»at«),
• (Foot of Market 3tredt.> .
•«it'"»ANenark.t>»f«rtllle,.Saa.lo»o,F(<lton; :
. Bonl<l'jrCitek,.SaiitaOtu*and Way ¦'¦¦¦¦'¦ ¦''"'¦
SUUum.,,... .Vi....^./:.... .«•!—¦
t*il»P Newark Onterflllew 8aji Jobs, New jv* ; . . '¦-
A lmaileo. Fslton. liunldor Creok. '-..-'¦. ;.. ¦...-•
8auta Ciox anil l'rtnclpal W*r '-¦
8UtloM. ......;. t«»lA«4
MiISf Newark. -*.u .Inn«. l, m C*joj 'S..1O.
«1 lx4.Tp Huntan' Excursion. San Joa* and ' -'¦-,...
•¦ 'Way8Utlona. ... J^. ...... yTi»»» ;
CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
rnmSM fRiSCI:iCO— r..l «f iiirkit SlnV. )S!J» I)"-.'-
•7:11 »00 ll:00..n. |I:C3 ?2;33 IJ-.M
•1:C3 t3:33 -8:Clr.n. . ' '.: - : ¦¦- . .
• Pt#» 0iIH!O~.'««l af Br»«l»tr.— -fl;00 9 .OS 10:00t,Bk
I tl3:C3 '1:53 t2:S3 '8:03 tt:C3 *a:03r.«.
COAST |)| TIKIOS ;Rnj«.Mi«ugr/. '..:./:
. (Thlril»t''TownseiutSt'<.) ___
4*« I •iOoean View. South Man Kr»ncl«o... !*>*•'
*Ti«OA 8au Jon a>iA."7aj Hutii.ua (3i«w " ' - -'-
Almailer "VedimiJujn onty) -*ltlw»
•tiOO* Htn ,lo«n. Ti-es IMnua, Santa Crux. : ¦'_¦'¦
racitio (iniTo. I'aso. llubtca. . :8an '..-. .'.'.'
I.ula OJiiano, Murf. Loiupoc aii<l : /""
1'rinciiHil War fttatl.ma .... .. - *».1«»
•lo.in, 8aa Joas and VVay-Staiioua........ *H«.15»
•1I:3I»* Han Joaa and WrSUtlmn ........ *SiSOr
t'JilArSan Matso, Kedwood, Meolo Part,. -. . --i:
Palo Alto, Santa Clara, San. lose. ¦¦'"¦¦¦:¦.
Tres Plnos. 8a»ta, Ctus, Sallnaa. - . -.
Monterey and 1'aclOo flroTa....:. (IO:-T»»
fitiSMp San Joaea»d Way SiatioM* ........ •~:3of
f-f:13r Ban Joaeaurt Principal Way Stations *«:4l3a
tS:O«r3aa Joec, Los Gatos and Priocipal .-¦'¦'
Way Stations ,..' ttfiOfU
*5i2Or SauJaae ami Princli>al Way Station* *S:33a
•».:l»rS»i, Joas and Way Stations ..... t1:OO A
¦llt-a.Tp San JoaaaiiJ War Htatloiia «T:3Or
A for Moraine ¦ f* for Afternoon. "
¦Dally. t-*'<»'l»r excepted. XSnudayonly.
; A&Wtf day (qjj. -
CALIFOfiXU NORTHWESTERS RY. CO.
LESSEE
SAN FRAKCISCO AND NORTH PACIFIC
RAILWAY COMPANY.
Tlfcuroa Ferry. Foot of Market St. .
SAX FRANCISCO TO SAN RAFAEI* '
WEEK DAT3— 7:30. »:C0. 11:00 a. m.: 13:15.
1:30. 5:10. «:» p. nx. Th\irsday»— Extra. . trip
at 11:30 o. m. Saturdays— Extra trip* at 1:50
and 11:30 o. m. ¦ '¦' . ' . •. - : •¦-..
BUNDATS— S:00. 930. 11:00 a. m-j 1:SO, *JCt
6:00. «:20 D. m. ¦ .
SAN RAFAEXi TO SAN FBANCISCO. ¦ ' : . ¦
"VTEEK DAYS— «O0. 7:50. »:30. 11:10 a. m.: 11:43.
8:40. 5:15 p. m. Saturdays— Extra, trlpa at
1:55 and t:S5 o. m. '-. ¦ ' < .
StTNDAT8— 8:10. 9:40. 11:10 a. m.: 1:40. 1:40.
5:06. i:25 p. m. • • : ¦" . . ¦ - : .
Betwe«n San Francisco- and Sc&aetxen Park.
iam« achodule a* above. .. .- " ' '¦¦¦ -. ¦ "'; ¦'.
Lea** J In Effect. I Arrl»» : '
San Franclaco. [Apr. 13. 1300. | Saa Francisco.
¦ c ¦¦ i ¦ ¦ ¦
Week J 8un- I 1 Sun- T We«lc
Days. [ days. | D>stlnatlon.| daya. ] Daya.
7:30 am 3:00 am Xovato. 10:40 am S:43 -in
1:30 pm 9:80 am Petaluma. : 8:06 pm 10:25 am
1:13 pm 8:00 pm Santa Rosa. 7:8&pm >:M jra
Fulton. ¦ . : : ; • ¦..' 1:' . c :.¦-¦
150 am Wladsor. ' ¦ : IQ-JZ ar*
Haaldsburr. .. .' : . :• ¦'¦-.- ..•> ¦- r
Lytton.-'. •¦ .. "- ¦" -"•':- j--"] 1 :
•• Geyservtlls. - : - ¦ -, : : • • V ' .-¦
8:20 pm 8:C0 «m Cloverdale. T:23 pra : « M pra
T. 80 ami I Hoptand I ; ¦':¦¦¦
t-aopml IH» tm| nid Uklan. I 7:3S pgj «:jO pj*
T :20 am . . /: '. : ' :. fl0:25ara.
I :C0 am Qiiern«TiU«. T:Si pra .. ¦' ' •; '/: .
1:30 pra -¦ - .¦•.'-¦:. .";''¦¦ v .: : *' :t:ftpia
7:30 am 1:00 am . Bonoma 9:15' am S:*> ira.
• ¦' ¦ and : - : ' . -" ¦ "•¦•¦¦".•.¦.¦:.-
5:13 pm 5:C0 pm Olen' Ellen. *:5S pra 6:50 pm
T:30anij 8:00 ami - . 110:40 am^lOrtS »st
3:S0pm[ 5:00 rml BebaatopoL | T:«S pmj 8:23 pra
Staves connect at Banta-Rosa for Marfc West
Bprlngs and Wblt» SuJphnr Springs^ at Fultork
for Altruria: at Lytton for Lytton Sprlnss: at
Geyservllle for SIcagfs Spriczs: at '-Cloyerda!*
for the Oeysers;- at. Rooland ' I of l>unc«a
BprlnK^. Highland Eprtnrs. KeUey^nie, Carls-
bad Springs, Soda. Bay-. LaJcep.ort and Bartlett
Springs; a-t-Ukiah for Vichy Springs^ Staratoc*
Springs, Blu» Lakes. LauralDell Lake. Wlttay
8prtngrs,. Upper- Lake. Porno.. Potter Valler.
John Day's, Rtv*er*M«. laerley**. .Btjckneira.
; Eanhedrln Heights, HuIlvUle. Orr'« Hot
Bprinrs, Mendo«lno City.. Fort Braxar. West-
port, Usal. ¦Wlllits, Laytonvine, Cuoimin*.
Bell's Spring. Harris. Olsen's, . Dyw. '-. Scotia,
atnd Eureka. ¦'•• ' .' . •¦ ; '- •¦¦•:'.
Saturday to. Monday round trip ttckttts at
reduced' rates. • ' • .".•¦':.-'¦ - : :
On Sunday ronnd trip tickets to all. points
beyond San Rafael at half rates. . ¦• .i.'-:
Ticket offices. 630 Market at.. ChrOriJeleJMaaV
SL C WHITINO. . ' . R. X- RYAN. .
QeaeraJ Uanactr, Ota. Paaa. Agtat, .
NORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD;
' . ;; -¦ Via Sausallto F«rry. ' r ,ri- : .
Commeu'isg September 30, 150ft. • - v •
FROM SAN FRAXCISCO TO MILL VJLLLEX
AND SAN" RAFAEL. . ' . -. ¦ ¦ .- - ¦ \-
TVSEK DAT6-4S. *9-l 5 . U:0 ° • ** ™-» **¦•*?
'ix^'^RI^^^ilO'an.x and. £:
Rafael, on Mondays; Wednesdays and Satur-
days at 9:00 and. 11:23 B.-in. ¦'. «., v
SUNDAYS— rS:«>. # 10:00.. ni^O a. m... fWBi .
''Tfalns^niar^ad 9 ];) "^^^^xrrqeb.
FROM SAV RAFAEL. TO SAN FRANLUtWi .
*«. 7:43, 9:W a. m.,.
WEEK DAYS — 5:45. S.45. 7.S5. ».*». ». «*•»
6:00. «:i5 p. Rouon TRAINS
6:K a. m. week day»— Cazadero and way ata-
"l-S p. m-Satardays-.Toraales and way sta--
t 'gf(» a. m.. Sunda»»— Tomales and way ata- .
tiocj - - • - • ' -'• .
MOUNT TAMALPAIS RAILWAY
Fare San Francisco to. Summit and Return. '
.
Tlckft offlces. "^ Maraex a... >«u ¦_OAKLAND, Nov. 1.— In the published
membership roll of the Quarter Century
Republican Club the names of Bepjamtn
Nute of Oakland and -C. B. Harmon of
Haywards were Inadvertently omitted.
Both of these gentlemen were among the
original organizers of this stalwart band
of Republicans. They have for more than
twenty-five years been faithful to the
principles of Republicanism and stand
prominently among the long list of vet
erans who have been banded together for
McKinley and Roosevelt and "Auld Lang
Syne."
Mitchell Talks in Brooklyn.
NEW YORK. Nov. 1.— About 1500 people
gathered in the rink In Brooklyn to-night
in response to a call for a mass meetinsj
held under the auspices of the Brooklyn
Central Labor Union and Knights of La
bor, to listen to John Mitchell, president
of the Mine Workers' Union, tell the story
of the coal strike. Henry George Jr. pre
sided. Mr. Mitchell was heartily cheered
when he was Introduced to the audience.
He told the story of the strike In the an
thracite regions, which he called the
greatest strike for living wages ever
known In the world, and labor had won.
— , — . ¦»
Gans to Meet McGovern.
INDIANAPOLIS. Nov. 1.— Articles were
signed to-day for a fight between Terry
McGovern and Joe Gang on December 11
at Tattersalls, Chicago. Gans is to weigh
in at 133 pounds at 7 o'clock and must fin
ish McGovern in elx rounds or forfeit.
The purse Is to be divided. 75 per cent go
ing to the winner and 25 per cent to the
loser*
BRITISH OUTPOST
CAPTURED BY BOERS
Ninety Soldiers Are Taken Prisoners
and Then Released in the Vi
cinity of Geneva.
CAPE TOWN, Nov. 1.— It transpired to
day that a Boer commando captured a
British outpost of ninety men in the vi
cinity of Geneva, October 28, and after
ward held up a Cape Town mall train,
looted the carriages and passengers, de
stroyed the mails, set flre to the train and
decamped on the approach of an armored
train. Not wishing to be hampered, the
Boers later released the prisoners they
had captured. •
LONDON, Nov. 1.— A dispatch to the
Evening Standard says that Lord Roberts,
who was scheduled to leave South Africa
November 15, has postponed his departure
owing to one of his daughters being a
sufferer fr^m fever at Pretoria.
EJECTS FRENCH OFFICERS.
Colonel I>aggett Calls the Guard to
Clear Special Train.
TIENTSIN, Nov. 1 (via Shanghai, Nov.
2).— Yesterday at Yengtaun a party of
French officers occupied a coach of th«
special train assigned to carry the Four
teenth United States Infantry to Tlngku
nnd declined to leave when requested to
do so. Colonel Daggett of the Fourteenth
called the American ffunrd and forcibly
ejected tho officers. The French are
greatly incensed over the incident and de
mand an apology.
Three Men Injured.
STOCKTON, Nov. 1— R. W. Eagles
and Peter Staples are believed to be fa
tally injured,, and R. J. .McKlen badly
hurt internally, by the overturning of a
crane at the Stanislaus River to-day at
noon. Where some of the bridge timber*
were being moved. They were taken to
Lathrop <on the regular train and sent
to the Oakland hospital on a special. E.
"Vv'adsworth was also slightly bruised. The
men failed to made the car fast to tho
track, and both car and crane rolled down
a thirty-foot embankment
Rabbi Nieto "Will Lecture.
The regular course of Friday evening
4 Wturee will commence this evening at
fehertth Israel Synagogue. Post and Tay
lor street*. Rabbi Nieto will speak on
"The Pulpit^-lU Place In Modern Educa
tion."
PBOCLAMATJOW BY JONES.
Says the Victory Is Already- Won
and Urges AIL to Vote. .1
CHICAGO. Nov. 3. — Chairman; Jarnee K.
Jor.es of the ; Democratic National . Coin
rr,!;toe to-day gave out the" following.-a3
dreSttd to "All who favor the repubiic
and oppose the empire": .. ".- ' . .
TT.e «?l«-tion 1% Already won. . TV* now have
nr.Iy to .maintain rmr pr**«ent position. I un?e
every man interested in rreservlng the prln
«"lplf« cf government which have rome down
to us from the father* to consecrate th« en
¦ire day on Tueixlay ' next to the «r*at cause.
l^>t each iro to the poll* early, either rlngly
r.as a member cf a club, vote promptly and
th»n give the remainder of the day to what
ever may be n*ce»«ar>' to b» done.
"I^et tbo«e who ran do up plate team* and
v*-r-jcle« at the £i«po«aJ of th* committee to
brtrr the old and tnftrm to the. polls. See that
•-very on« la reminded of the day and urgti
to vote. . : • ' - •
Let thoee whrx«» duty It U to watch the poll
ir.it and counting- do »o tot every Instant of
'inif from the heplnnint to the end — from the
• :*-nin* of the ballot box in the morning until
!',< return* art elffned and teiled at night,
end 611 will be well. JAMES K. JONES. -
Chairman National Committee.
"I nm always for law and order. ¦ I am
s pe^/»*"m!3k«»r. and I will *ee that the law
is enforcer] *<« far ap I can. but the voters
won't rtand :o be banjto*d." :-'¦- •
The Republican managers, national.
State £ rid local, have taken measures to
Insure the protection of the rights of
every voter in the pending election and
that the votes *hell t* properly . counted
«rd recorded as -cast. The committee
therefore, a«imonishf-s all voters that they
mupt not be deterred by these threats of
Uempcratic le.iderx from exercising tft**
riirht? of suffrage on Tuesdav next tor
every .citizen is entitled by law to'pro
tection in this his highest privilege, and
we shall Fee to It that his vote shall be
protected at all hazardis." -¦ ¦¦ -. . ¦
Mr. Oroker to-night reiterated his start
ling, advice ro Democrats. .
"Of course Senator Josps thinks as I do
about" the matter." *aid Croker. "What
<-;»<» could any fair-minded man do? rie
pi'l'-f:. I £id not Bay anrthtnp out of the
way. and I stand, by everynilng . 1 said.
If vou hire people to carry on an Portion
ar.d thoy cheat you out of it. and then if
the *)C3oi«i-ls don't see that the letter of the
lt-.w Is enforced, it is time for the people
to take matters Into their own hands and
i-rf- that their votes are ; counted. What
else can they do? , ! ¦' ¦ . -. •• ' • ¦ :
.'. .Mr. Croker, head of the Democratic or
srapization in »w York, has ordered his
bubofdihates to irather in forct at the
poUs .n»jct Tues=da>- and In cape they s;e«
the -rvetult oX the count going against
them to pject th* election officers and to
takr- .possession of the baliov-boxfs by
f.-)r.ce. This astonishing anarchistic order
has bie<?n and indorsed by Seu
sitor Juries, chairman of the l>embcra.tfc-
National Committee.
XEW YORK. Nov. 1,— In response to
P.irhard" Cr'*k-*»r*5:'advW to Democrats to
ihTowthe election officials out of the poll-
Ir.g place* if the count of votes does not
Ee*m to give correct results on Tuesday
x:«nt r -ana in view of the indorsement of
Bt£.' Ooker's recommendation by Chair
luan:. Jones, of the: Democratic National
t'omrr.itie«. the Republican National Com
jnutf* to-night ¦ JKFuea the following ad-
Ct*es; ¦• . . : . .......
They Will Be Protected.
MAKE HEFLY TO CHOKER
Republican Ocmmittee Assures Voters
BERKELEY, Nov. 1,— Professor Louis
Dyer of Oxford j?ave his introductory lec
ture on "The Mycenaean Age" this, after
noon at 4 o'clock In the lecture room of
the students' -observatory. The place was
crowded to its utmost capacity, and as
many more were unable . to gain admit
tance. ' - :
The lecture' wa? In the .nature of an
Introduction to the other six which are
to follow. He told of the Mycenaean
civilization— a civilization coming between
the earlier Bronze Age and the Greek
Middle Ages — recently marie known by ex
cavations carried on at the Island of
Crete. This civilization was on its de
cline 1000 years before Christ. "The
Mycenaeans were the ancients of an
tiquity." ' said Dr. Dyer. '.'Mycenaean art
is early Greek art."
At the close of the lecture several lan
tern slides were exhibited, showing many
interesting (specimen* of Mycenaean art.
As the lecture roomat the observatory did
not hold more than half of those who
came to hear Professor Dyer speak the
lectures hereafter will- be given in the
Harmon gymnasium. Some difficulty will
be experienced In getting the gymnasium
ready, as the windows have to be dark
ened for the stereoptlcon views.
PROFESSOR DYER ON
THE MYCENAEAN AGE
OAKLAND. Nov. 1.— W, D. Miller, who
shot George McFarland In the hop fields
at Pleasanton on September 13. was con
victed to-day» In Judge Greene's court of
manslaughter.. The Jury was out only a
few minutes.- The only direct testimony
concerning the shooting was from Miller
himself, who was an excellent witness.
He claimed that lie nad been driven to
shoot McFarlftnd because he had been at
tacked- by the latter. : ¦"•;
Miller will, appear next "Wednesday for
sentence. He was defended by Attorneys
J. E. McElroyand Dudley Klnsell, Deputy
District Attorneys Walsh and Harris ap
pearing for the. State.- . . .
His Ovn Behalf.
Makes an Excellent "Witness in
Hop Picker McFarland's Slayer
MILLEE IS CONVICTED
OF MANSLAUGHTER
OAKLAND. Nov. 1.— Licenses to marry
were issued to-day to Joseph Arthur
Lyons, aged 34. and Alice Tobriner. 27.
both of Oakland; James Ernest Angwin.
24 and Helen Busby. 24, Oakland; Alex
ander Hamfield, 36, and Eleanor C. Diil,
24 Victoria; John P. Doherty, 29. San
Francisco. • and Emma Kerns. 35 r Son
Jose; William Hyatt. 30. Oakland. an.i
Helena Marguerite Clatt. 20. Ix>a Ange
les- J. K. Ross. 46, Sacramento, and Marl*
Harms, 44, Oakland; John R. Rutherford.
57 Caiistoga. and Mary S. Guild. 35. Gai
land. . • mn~-fS85£xgatii£i- v •
Licenses to Marry.
OAKLAND. Nov. 1.— The Reliance Club
has matched Tom Herman of San Fran
cisco and Billy de Courcey of Los Ange
les for a fifteen-round go for the evening
of November 9. The men will fight at 122
pounds. They are credited with bein?
clever featherweights. v/. : .
In addition to this event there will be
two ten-round contests between George
Watson, South End Rowing Club, and
Dick Martin of San Francisco. IIS pounds,
and Charles Johnson and Jack Dean of
San Francisco, weight 135 pounds.
FEATHERWEIGHTS TO
BOX FIFTEEN BOUNDS
OAKLAND. Nov. 1.— Effle May Thoma*
has commenced suit for divorce from R.
P Thomas on the ground of desertion.'
Bertha jloermann asks for a divorce from
Eyon Hoermann., alleging cruelty. They
live in Alameda. .
Suits for. Divorce.
NEW YORK. Nov. 1.— It was wet and
disagreeable at the Empire City track to
day. The track was Plow. The Melro&e
stakes was won by Trillo, the outsider,
at 10 to 1, while Potente. the favorite,
finished back absolutely last. In the last
race McMeekin beat Imp by a length and
a half. Results:
About sir furlongs— Trumpet won. Himself
pecond, Maribert third. Time, l:ll>i-
One mile and 70 yards, selling — Prestidigita
tor won. Brisk second, Rochester third. Time,
1:47.
Five and a half furlongs— The Rhymer won.
Rapi>anecker second, Malster third. Time. 1:08.
The Melrose stakes, one and a. sixteenth mlle
—Trillo won. General Mart Gary second, Com
pensation third. Time. 1:48.
About six furlongs— The Golden Prince won,
Ginki «-eond. Infallible third. Time, 1:12H-
One nnd a sixteenth miles — McMeekin won.
Imp second. Herbert third. Time, 1:47%.
CHICAGO. Nov. 1.— A surprise waa
sprung at the lakeside track this after
noon-when Boney Boy. at 12 to 1, easily
defeated The Unknown, the favorite.
Track slow. Results:
Six furlongs— I^ord Roberts won, Birdie B sec
ond. Quarterback third. Time, 1:17 3-5.
One mile— Prince lilazes won, Josephine B
second. Aurea third. Time, 1:46 1-5.
Mile and twenty yards — Hub Prather won.
Dandy H eecond. Martha Fox third. Time,
1:49 2-5.
Mile and a sixteenth— Boney Boy won, The
Unknown second. FlorUar third. Time, 1 :52 3-5.
. Five and a half furlongs — Possart won, Mexl
mus second, Olove third. Time, 1:11 2-5.
Mile and twenty yards — Obsidian won, Jake
Weber second, Vlncennes third. Time, 1:48 1-5.
CINCINNATI. Nov. 1.— Two favorites
landed for the talent at Latonia to-day.
Track fast. Results:
One mile — Stiles won, Uhleri necond, Pretty
Rosle third. Tim*. 1:43%.
Five and a half furlongs— Harry Herendon
won, Albula second, Tuskarosa third. Time,
1:O8V4.
Seven furlongs, selling — Hermencla won.
Winepress second, Robert Gray third. Time,
1:29.
Six furlongs, handicap— Princess Thyra won.
Lord Zen! second. Death third. Time, 1:14%:
Five furlon*s. telling — School for Scandal
won, Prima 11 second. Miss Aubrey third. Time.
1:02. .
One mile— Chanton won. Fairy Dell lecond,
Winter third. Time. 1:42%.
JOHN P. IRISH WILL
SPEAK IN OAKLAND
Will Talk as a Gold Democrat and
John Aubrey Jones Can Ask
Questions.
OAKLAND, Nov. 1.— The most Interest
ing meeting of the closing of the cam
paign In Alameda County will be that to
be held at the Tabernacle to-morrow
evening, when John P. Irish will speak
on the- issues of the campaign from th*»
standpoint of a Gold Democrat. It will
be a unique meeting In many ways. Colo
nel Irish will make the. first political ad
dress that he has delivered In his homo
city for several years and the'flrst address
that he has delivered here since he re
fused to support Bryanism. Colonel Irish
will b« the only speaker. There will bo
no chairman, and the colonel will deliver
his address to those who assemble, and
it is announced that John Aubrey Jone>.
candidate for Congress on the Democratla
ticket two years ago, will be permitted to
ask. Colonel Irish all the questions than
he may desire "in order to lend amuse
ment to the occasion."
Colonel Irish has but recently returned
from a tour of the Middle Western States,
which he stumped for McKinley. and h»
has also been to Washington. New York
and the extreme East. He has been in
close touch with polities in the East,
and his. address will touch upon the con
ditions there, as well as the Issues of tha
campaign from the Gold Democrat point
of view. .
BERKELEY. Nov. 1.— Lee Calhoun
Duff, sub-center on the freshman eleven
of the University of California, is totally
paralyzed from tl.e shoulders down as a
result of an injury received In football
practice last week. The stroke came on
gradually, and It was not until yesterday
that the young man became helpless.
Duff had his spine hurt by a fall while
playing last week. He went to San Fran
cisco Saturday as sub-center for the
freshman team, but did not take part In
the game there. He knew then that he
was injured, but did not realize how bad
ly. To-day he was removed from his
home. 2429 Bowdltch street, to an Oak
land hospital for treatment. Although,
able to speak and to move his arms, he
has no control over the rest of his body.
Young Duff Is the son of W. L. Duff, a
prominent lawyer and land owner of Eu
reka. He was formerly a student at the
Berkeley High School and is a graduate
of Boone's University School. He entered
the college of social sciences at the State
University this year with the freshman
class.
Lee Calhoun Duff, Sub-Center
on the Freshman Team,
Badly Injured.
PARALYZED FROM
FOOTBALL PLAYING
Oakland Office San Francisco Call.
1118 Broadway, Nov. I,
A misunderstanding between brothers,
which was quickly adjusted, caused the
filing of a startling document by Moses
Salinger, one of the members of the firm
of Salinger Brothers, against his brother,
Albert M. Salinger, for an accounting, and
for a brief time the store was in th«
charge of Romuldo H. Romo as receiver.
The difficulty was not due to the financial
condition of the firm, which operates the
largest department store in Oakland, but
through a disagreement, in Its turn tho
outgrowth of a misunderstanding between
Albert M. Salinger and Moses Salinger.
The suit was filed by Moses Salinger,
through his attorneys, Jamea H. Budd
and Kugene F. Bert. The complaint sets
forth the formation of Salinger Brothers
in 1878, and says that since lsyo the books
of the firm have not been posted and that
between $20,000 and $21,000 is due Moses
Salinger from his brother. Small details
are then alleged— that Albert P.I. Salinger
has drawn more out of the business than
Moses Salinger, and the prayer is that a
receiver be appointed and that an ac
counting be had. Acting upon the docu
ments In the case Judge Ogden appointed
Mr. Romo receiver, with bonds fixed at
IW.OOO.
There was a conference between the
brothers this afternoon and an amicable
agreement was reached, ivioses Salinger
went to San Francisco to consult with his
attorneys as to tha dismissal of the suit.
Albert M. Salinger to-night gave the fol
lowing statement,, which shows the mis
understandings that have arisen:
"The trouble Is all due to a misunder
standing. My brother would never have
commenced this suit against me If he
had known what he knows now. There
are a great many things about this busi
ness of ours that he does not know about.
He is a good business man, but he doe3
not bother his head about the details. The
business has always stood in my name.
I brought mv brother out from the Kast
years ago and gave him an Interest In the
business. We have always divided the
profits. If there were any business trans
actions, however, or real estate deals,
they were carried out in my name to save
r "In this matter there have been outside
influences. I don't know what they are,
but some one has led him to believe that
he has been getting the worst of it. He
listened to stories and they became mag
nified. Now he is sorry. He announced
to me this afternoon .that the suit would
be withdrawn and went over to the city
to-night to see what could be done."
All Differences Are Very
Quickly and Amicably
Adjusted.
SALING ERS AGA1N
FRATERNIZE
MELROSE STAKE
WON BY OUTSIDER
Trillo, at Odds of 10 to 1,
Defeats the Favorite,
Potente.
MOB TRIES TO PREVENT SPEECH
Senator Hanna Has a Lively Time In
a Big Circus Tent.
CHICAGO, Nov. 1.— Senator Hanna
bowed to a storm of hisses, catcalls and
cheers for Bryan in the big circus tent at
Halstead and Thirtieth streets to-night,
piving up his attempt to get a hearing un
til the 'police had restored order. For
forty-five minutes the mob had its inning
and then seventy policemen took a hand
and cleared the aisles.
Before Senator Hanna arrived speeches
by Judge Yates and other? had been ac
corded a mixed reception by the large
crowd congregated beneath the tent.
When Senator Hanna stepped upon the
platform and was introduced a demon
stration ensued which, instead of subsid
ing after a few moments, continued with
full vigor. The Senator wnited patiently
for quiet to be restored, but, appreciating
that apparently a plan to prevent him
from speaking was being carried out by
groups of men and boys stationed in the
audience, made the attempt anyway.
"There is not a man under this canvas,"
paid Senator Hanna, "who would like to
be called a traitor or a violator of the
principles upon which our Government is
founded. One of these principles is that
which favors free speech. All we ask Is
to be given the consideration which you
would ask for yourselves."
Here Senator Hanna had to frlve up the
attempt to f=peak and Sheriff Magerstadt
demanded of the police authorities that
order be restored; When every one had
been compelled to sit down and some of
the ringleaders among the disturbers ex
pelled from the meeting, John M. Harlan
of Chicago quieted the crowd with a story
and talked briefly of the issues of the
campaign. When he had concluded Sena
tor Hanna resumed his speech and fin
ished ¦without Interruption.
INJURED AT FOOTBALL.
STANFORD, Nov. 1.— The severest foot
ball accident in several years happened
this evening on the Stanford football field.
Walter Whitlock, a student registered
from Berkeley, had his . left leg broken
midway between the knee and. ankle. The
accident was caused by a collison in the
open field. Whitlock. who was playing
end on the second eleven, went down the
field «n a punt with Norse, who was play
ire the other end. They overran their
man and met behind him with the fore
going result. • :
Coming as it -doe* on the trail of the
injury to Fisher. Liint and Gelsgler. the
accident- Is a severe blow to Stanford's
Second eleven. Whitlock was prepared
for college In the Berkeley High School,
wh^re he played fulbaek. Jje is a. law
major and 20. years, of age.
Carr's Body Eecovered.
BEATTLE. Wash.. Nov. 1.— Clark M.
Carr, son of General Clark E. Carr, waj*
drowns in Lake Washington last Sun
day. His body was recovered to-day. The
body of his cousin, Torrey Carr, who lo.*t
his life. at the same time, was recovered
several days affo. and the funeral of both
¦will be held In this city to-morrow. The
bodies were found some distance apart in
Fixty fc;x>t of water.
Shriners at Honolulu.
VICTORIA. B. C. Nov. 1.— According to
Hawaiian advices a great welcome
awaited the Mystic Shrintrs of San
Francisco upon their arrival in Honolulu.
October 31,- on the steamer Zealandla.- JV.
cammltlee met them at the dock ana
phowedthem the sights of the city. -*"
TWO BRIGHT YOUNG UNIVERSITY WOMEN WHO CONTRIBUTED
VERY LARGELY TO THE UNQUALIFIED SUCCESS OF THE "CO
EDS" EDITION" OF THE OCCIDENT.
like the one in which w« are now eneared.
Our oDconents prophesied that If the Republi
can candidates were elected It would mean an
era of depression and reverses and disasters.
I ask to-nl-ht have they been true or fals«
prophets? Are we not to-day living in a thou
sand times more prosperous condition than we
were four years ago?
To-day we have no Kelly's army, but Instead
we have work for every honest and Industrious
man In the country. Throughout the country
the looms ar» humming, the forges are blaz
inr, and thank Go<l the dinner pall is full.
Dr. Rowell then nald a tribute to the
character of Victor H. Metcalf and to the
other candidates who were to speak.
G. R. Lukens. candidate for State Sena
tor, reviewed briefly the issues of this
momentous campaign and in closing
ppoke of affairs of particular interest to
the citizens and students in Berkeley.
"The State University Is, Indeed, a great
one," he said.
Within the past thirty-two years It has
irown until to-dny It stands fourth In rank
in this nation. This State having conceived the
r^ht Idea of a great university has accom
plished In the space of thirty-two years what
older universities could not accomplish In 200
years. I feel that If anything could be a com
"oletlon of my college career here It would be.
to Join with earnest spirits In Sacramento
and adeouately provide for the University of
California.
Judge F. B. Ogden was next introduced.
H» made a short speech, saying a few
good words for his comrade in the cam
paign. Judge John Ellsworth, who was
ill and could not attend the meeting.
Congressman Metcalf was received with
loud and prolonged applause. He re
viewed in an eloquent fashion the history
of the Republican party and spoke earn
estly on the present campaign. Mr. Met
calf spoke on the Issues confronting
the people, setting forth clearly the posi
tion of the Republican party as the friend
of labor and capital alike in this cam
paign, as It has been in all others.
H. D. Rowe. candidate for Supervisor.
asked the people to stand by the Repub
lican ticket.
Chairman Rowell led the audience in
giving three rousing cheers for the two
party leaders before the meeting ad
journed.
Major John TJavis.
WASHINGTON, Nov. 1.— General Mac-
Arthur, at Manila, notified the War De
partment to-day that Major John Davis.
U. S. V., died at Manila this morning of
chronic Bright's disease. Major Davis
was a native of Illinois and a veteran of
the War of the Rebellion. At the out
break of the Spanlsh-Amerietn war he
was appointed major and surgeon of th^
Seventh United States Volunteer Infantry
and remained in the volunteer medical es
tablishment up to the time of his death.
In the early part of 1S93 Major 1 avis was
the chief sanitary officer at Havana. At
the time of his death he was the chief
surgeon of the Third District of Southern
Luzon. :
Dr. Louis W. Bead.
Benjamin F. Fowler.
MORRISTOWN, Pa.. Nov. 1.— Dr. Louis
W. Read died suddenly to-day . of heart
failure, aged N72 years. He was surgeyn
general of the Pennsylvania National
Guard for twenty-five years, rite serve 1
as a surjreon during the Crlmetn war and
was at Sebastopol during its steps by tho
allied forces. In December, 1S63. he suc
cessfully removed a bullet from the body
of General Hancock, who had been
wounded at Gettysburg, when other phy
sicians had failed. . . •.
m ¦ ¦ ¦
CHEYENNE, WyoT. Nov. 1.— Benjamin
F. Fowler, a prominent attorney, died
here after an operation' for' appendicitis.
He was 40 years old. He was born In
Illinois, was admitted to the bar at Du
buque, Iowa, in 1SS2 and came to Wyo
ming in 1S&4. In 1S90 he was appointed
United States Attorney for Wyoming? by
President Harrison. In 1834 he was ap
pointed Attorney General by Governor w.
A. Richards, holding that office two terms.
George A- Amsden.
DETROIT, Mich., Nov. L— Georgia A.
Amsden of Amsden, Vt., was found dead
kneeling before his bed in a room In tha
Metropole Hotel to-day. Mr. Amsden was
69 years of age and was engaged here In
settling up the estate of his half-brother,
the late John Ward, of which he was ex
ecutor. Heart disease Is supposed to hava
been the cause of death. . ¦ •
Amos S. Xenagy.
LOS ANGELES, Nov. I.— Amos J. Ken
agy. County Clerk of Ventura, died here
of consumption ' to-night- Mr. Kenagy
was 33 years of age. and has held the of
fice of clerk of Ventura County since 1S00.
Four brothers and two sisters survive
him. ~-;v
DR. HUBERT N. ROWELL.
WHO PRESIDED AT THE BIG
REPUBLICAN RALLY.
'02; "A Theory," Edith E. Gaddls. '01: "One I
Stone of the Temple." Emma Elisabeth Moffat.
'02: "Jack and Jill." Ellen Vail Barton. '02:
"To California," Kate Bernlce Hershey, '04;
"To Dolores," Corlnne Hutton, '01; "Vinai-
KTftte," Ethel H. Flood, "02; "A Sonnet."
"Rill": "A Ijnvf Son?," May Eleanor Gates,
'05: "The I>o«t Thought." Margaret Trolll, "01;
editorial: "College Activities"; "Our New
G>m." Ir?ne Taylor. "01; "College Sports";
"That Freshman Game." Cecelia Celeste Gran
ice, '01; "The Gayer Side": "Campus Callings";
"Snips From Elsewhere."
The dedication Is to Mrs. "Wheeler, the
wife of the president of the university,
and reads:
To Mrs. Wheeler, exponent of noble woman
hood, do we. the women students of the Uni
versity of California, dedicate these pages, as
a testimonial of our appreciation of the In
spiration and the encouragement we receive
from her devotion to our Interests.
The co-ed staff was composed of the fol
lowing young women:
Editors— May Eleanor Oates, '02, editor In
chief- Muriel Eastman, '01, associate editor in
clief.
Ivdltorial staff— Cecelia Celeste Grajilce, '01,
athletic editor; Catherine Courtenay Johnston,
"01. news editor; Annabel Ellse WenzelburRcr,
'02. society editor; Isabel Blanchard Godin, "01.
ryrhnnpe editor.
Associate editors— Elizabeth Eloise I^dgett.
'01: I-eila McKlnne. '02: Hattle Hendel Jacobs,
•01: Mary Kdlth MeOrew. '03: Irene Taylor. '01.
Art staff— Florence Eunice Barnard. '01; Anna
Morpan, "02; Vlncenza Catherine Mllledge. "01;
Mary Irene Morrln, '02.
I'usineps staff— Florence Mabel Preble, '01,
business manager: Lydla I^ee Dozler, "02. asso
ciate business manager.
Here are the contents and the contribu
tors:
Dedication; "Bricks Without Straw," R. B..
OAKLAND. Nov. 1.— The co-ed edi
tion of the Occident made Its ap
pearance to-day, and has proved
a success, financially, artistically
and in every way. The edition
has been almost exhausted, and the young
ladies, with penuine business acumeti. are
preparing to issue another. It has proven
that the co-eds have a well-developed
financial instinct, for the advertising paid
all of the expenses and the proceeds of the
sale represent the profits. The girls
doubled the size and changed the style of
the magazine. That they took advantage
of all opportunities is shown by the num
ber of candidates' announcements which
appeared in the advertisements. The drift
of co-ed inclinations may be pathered
from the fact that the issue contains five
pages of sports, four pages of prose liter
ature, three pages of poetry, not quite two
pages of editorial, five pages devoted to
college societies and news, one page to the
new gymnasium, two paees. of miscellany
and fourteen pages of advertising. These
are the two leading editorials:
THR DEDICATION".
It seems especially appropriate that this
Issue of the Occident should be dedicated to
Mr*. Whaler, who. since her mmtns, has taken
such a deep Interest in the women of the uni
versity, lending her pr'-sence rraciously to all
our little functions and throwing h*r home
O|w>n *ach week to us. In every way ph«> has
sli'.wn how completely her heart Ib centered
here. V.'e strive, therefore, to show our deen
gratitude.
WHAT WE THINK.
We hear a Kreat deal in an adverse way
the«e days about •¦co-education" and the "pres
ence of the co-ed," and It Is rather surprising
thst the trnmen of the university take this
ciiticitm so kindly. Two things, however, con
duce to the toleration: Firstly, such remarks
usually— we may say always— sprinK from an
exreeflinRly frephmanistlc source, and are the
echoes of things the High School van heard
before matriculating from its precursor of the
year before; secondly, we know that no other
university in the whole world has such gen
erous women behind It. This thought should
bring a blush of shame to the cheek of any
university man who presumes to contest the
campus with us. So there!
Txirfmeh from all parts of the country
*re fa_«i ».««=emMinr to /participate In the
at. r«^Jfir "«*spn which opens at Qak
laa? tTa.ck to-morrow. - From the pres
et outlook it vriil sar^ass all previous
vtarV. .¦.:.¦'¦¦' ¦;:¦ '"¦'-' .-;•: .-.' • •'-;'; ~~';/%i.
'¦ at ttte. track across the hay. the- inan
tpfsictit : is ai' j loss to make room for
: i;t ,--iable$ constantly arriving. Already
the. maJI*'. : Mnsid-e ' the inckieure of • the
<;ourse are; either :, occupied by horses or
ire: spoken';- for and. many stables in
yrVsiniUy. to the track have been rented
1>> Ijie >. alifofiiia Jockey Club. •; . ".
: : Are oti.g 'ijie turf notables t<i gel here on
Ja?t --Klght-^ -'overland- -,. was . I'har'fes T.
i;i.e <'t Memphis, '.'lenn., who. acts as pre
f!/iif.g' i.i'tew-ard at ".Oakland. Mrs. Pnce
iic-i •yiT'.psMi'ied tier'.h-usliand. .' - • •
'ijo»k«jak«-r Fre<j. Crx^k Is another fresh
i»n:-.*L Only a Te* years back Cook was
..•;.;;-,£ ibe>bc*t.. he could around St. Liouis
'.:¦. 'jit wayoi piciiing winners and laying
iiKamst tnein on a small scaje. Now he
Jpihe possessor of a swell bank account.
t>wris -a stable- <jf .horses, headed by John
A. Mo.rr.ui, a. fast sprinter, and the past
tr-jtnmirr he.had. three or four hooks on at
tit. ¦.t,c»illa/aa4. Chicago. . The horses are
c-up- tiere t-o-day- : l.^iule. Domiulck, a very
carver ltffhiw-eisht. will perform the sati
oie wcvr : k-. ¦ ' ¦;..; ¦'.'¦¦ .¦¦¦-¦
G*-t).rgf Bo<e got in. town Wednesday
f-iehJ irorn the; Ealstcrn country. As al
¦reid-y -stated. '-hi quits the season $5<'."fii
t.i>. itx go5<J' and made some of the New
"V'-rfcArs Thisk Xhey weren't the "whole
Frank Taylor will be here in a few days
tvith a select bunch, about the most use
ful being Maximo Gomel. Along In the
*am<» car .wiiK. come Beau <.irmon<ie, the
prxiptriy -fit "A\". O'B Macdonougn. (
T"m Hyan v. Hi soon be on the way here
vtthTKe Pride and eev^ral "others.
, I&tgsfg:. •¦¦Skinner & Egbert have issued
.e v er;.' convea!er;t form book, containing
.ih« SScramerito races.
The stable of John F. S.-h-.rr & Son was
:Uii1^a4e"d frrrm the car at Insfl^ide track
W«HlT!<»sda y - evening. The crack two
; e*r-oJd^.A!ara -.Srheck. Is the st«r of the
Mring.- Jrrkey Tommy Burns will not be
h»--re :for *tons« time. .
t'rark -¦.. Doss- ¦ 1? only waiting for the
VsTtte: to- open, having met with fair suc
e-ess frrioki n% nil the Canaii'.an circuit. His
¦ii^r?es ha\e r>ecn. here for a fortnight or
jtnorft'~ -. ¦-.'.¦¦:¦ _ .
TtKi.'filalr<rit of the San Francisco Jockey
("lyh c-!ot<i<i yesterdsy *r\lh a most liberal
*ii;>;iV.y of nominations.
. "V.'ash" NorveH and wife came over the
SaoAintalQS. on Wednesday's limited.
¦..\\"ath"." enjoyed a highly successful sea
*en East and is interested in some racing
Ftock--wlt±i- Green Morris, among others
FjivQCtui. His brother. "Jim." also de
riW to ' pay '•California another \isl:.
•Wl.i^h will be glad, tidings to his many
frfen«j.s of both sexes.
W. IT. I.jger. partner of "Curly" Brown
lrjthe raring business, dropped in earlier
<3.urihg- tfce neok, Mr. Ki«rer said a tele
prarn showed that the horses left Ktnloch
Park' yesterday for San Francisco. Wed
<3eictr}in/l, a clever boy in the saddle, ac
,'rompanie*. the stable.
Tw.j ¦cars.roniaininir the stables of Car
:nnh«ra & Shields. -Charley Klllson and
X>on. Cameron . were sidf tracked at Oak
lar.d . yesterday; The first named (Inn
bring* fourteen, among others being: Ad
vanoe'Giianl. Topmast. Preju«iif-e and Sir
Kingston. . Zoro.o<ater ern1 Precursor, both
«-r> the. ailing list, were left over at Chi
cago, for a couple of weeks. "Scrappy"
,Jack Martin, with a fresh supply of shot
puns for du'-k phooTlnR, carne with the
Jinr^es and will do most of the rldinsr. Tn
The Bllison Jot is ?he fast sprinter Pacific,
*!.-s.Jmed from a selling race at Faratojra.
The Cameron stable was in charge of
"Hob" Harris, who looked ropy and pros
perous as usual. .
The following bookmnking firm? are
plmost oertain to rut In to-morrow:
George Bom. Jark Atkins. W*. J. Lane
fr>r<l. Fre/i •"'ook. Johnny Coleman. Mit
rhell. Johnny. Humphrey. Al Konipsberg
Evans. Jor. Harlan. Jim Davi?.
>"se«ar Ynurif;, Hoffman & Co. and Ed
¦WaMaee. • • ¦• • -
'¦'¦ fTr«m the r^^^nt outlook It in more
ThPn: probable a .field of twelve or more
srii! • H^cept:. ih» Issue in the Opening
lUtndlcap; Favorius. Tru*» .Blue. Modrlne
~< rmero, Ropomonde. . FA Mido, The
FroTt«T. Ro^lnante. . Malay. Oauntlet
J^ush of ;<3old. Mortpajre, Constellator and
Hrwulea-n ar*> figured : among th*> most
jike.lv ohea. •, .' • >
(CWleS F. Price* Presiding Steward
at Oakland; Iteaches Town. ;
¦ ; :^' ; :€arruther« &': ; Shieids''Big:;: ¦:¦[ ''¦¦
'¦:¦¦:¦'¦ >. String Gets IxL "''¦':.'¦.¦ .'•-. - *¦'.¦
i and Stables Arriving
Daily.
HORSEMEN HERE
BY THE SCORE
Committee ¦ Is Appointed to Act in
.. Conjunction With the Stewards
, to Put the Plan Into
v.;- : .' . • • Effect.
I^ONDOX, Nov. 2.— The stew-ards of the
jockey club have irsued a siKnificant no
tice that !n \iew of the large number of
horses now in training at Newmarket
they: are not prepared to entertain any
¦freeh-! applications for licences to train
th^re.- ¦ • ¦ .
Rigby, the American Jockey, has been
suspended by the Jockey club for a fort
blg'ht for drawing overweight in the Old
CambridKeshire race. He has also tK-en
reprimanded for using "improper lan
.Ruaro" in th?' weighing room.
. The. report of the proceeding's at the last
meetine of the jockey club, held October
2*i which imp just t>«»*>n Issued, shows rlsat
a Iorig discussion took place over James
LowUier's amendment proposing to ex
clud» foreigners fmm the allowances
i-lHtmable bv apprentices. Mr. Lowiher
frankly admitted that it was aimed Rt
American lac's and tho abuses of wmen
Lord DurnaTTi ha-l camplained.
The Duke of Devonshire, the Earl of
Crews ?nd otl or« opposed the amendment,
which Ava^ ftn-illy rejected.
Lord Durham intr.xiu^od a motion in
favor of limiting tho Dumber of horses
training at NewmarKft. "\\ ltn the
Americans." he said. "Newmarket IS em
inently fn«-hionabl<\ I suppose they think
it the hub of the universe. Hut I sna.l
Object if they are to ue allowed to come
in 'unlimited numbers, for Englishman will
He driven away."
The Prince of Wales, who took a lively
interest in the discussion, said that unless
they made some hard ami fast rule he
eculd not see how it was possible to pre
vent more people from coming. Ho
thought they should apjxiint a committee
to inquire with regard to the number of
horses and a number not to be augment
ed. He observed that, he had listened
with grout attention to what had fallen
from Lord Durham .inti he auite under
stood the obiect to be kept in view. Ixird
Durham's remarks, as he (the Prince) in
terpreted them, wero not addressed
acair.st anybody in particular, hut against
the whole s\atem in general, the desire
being n,ot to have more horses and train
ers than they have at present.
"The subject is one 6l such great diffi
culty, and. I need scarcely say. of such
gravity, " continued the Prince of Wales,
"that I cannot help thinking it quite im
pi«ibl» that the stewards «hr.uld have
the responsibility of devising any scheme
without seeking advice elsewhere, and I
venture to pusrgrest that they should ap
point a committee to inquire into tha
matter, after which they could bring the
whole matter again before the club."
Some further discussion was had and
a committee such as the Prince of Wales
had suggested was appointed. It includes*,
in addition to the steward? of the Jockey
Club. I/ord Durham. Prinze Demitri Solty
koff. I^elpold de Rothschild and others.
Th*> stewards have delivered their ver
dict in the darehaven-Spertrum case
They exonerate Mr. Nciman and Gllpin
the trainer, from any intentional wrong
doing, but express the opinion that " in
regard to the form shown by Clar^haven
at Epsom it was undesirable to start her
partly fit after an interval of a few
weeks."
English Jockey Glut) in Ses
sion Discusses the
; ¦ ; Proposition.
SEEK TO BAR
AMERICANS
BERKELEY, Nov. 1.— The closing Re
publican rally of the campaign was held
to-night In the opera-house. It was the
largest meeting that has yet been held
here and many students of the university
wtre in attendance. S. X. Wyckoff. in
troduced the chairman of the evening.
Dr. Hubert N. Rowell. Dr. Rowell said:
We have met here for the last time in pub
lic meetlr-z prior to one we shall hold verr
soon for a. stated purpose: that purpose shall
be for a general ratification meeting of the
almost unanimous election of McKinley and
Roosevelt. We have come here to-night to see
them through to a victory on November «.
Four years ago we entered on a campalcn
Congressman Expresses Opinion Cali
fornia Will Give McKinley and
Roosevelt Majority of
Thirty Thousand.
Biggest Meeting of Cam
, paign in Berkeley Ad-
dressed by Metcalf.
ROUSING RALLY
OF REPUBLICANS
Oakland Office San Francisco CaH,
. 1118 Broadway. Nov. 1. ¦
Under pleasing auspices the loan exhibit
of things old and rare opened this after
noon at the Young Women's Christian
Association Home. 1124 Franklin street. It
was a large and fashionable throng of
ladles that serged through the rooms up
stairs, where the exhibits are shown,
viewing them and commenting upon them,
and expressing wonder at their age and
preservation. As the afternoon wore on
the crowd increased, the newcomers being
shown everything of interest by the re
ception committee. . . ;
Tl;e various numbers on the musical
programme were listened 'to with Interest.
This evening another large crowd tilled
the rooms. - : : ¦ . : -. ¦ = ; ¦¦
Airs. John A. Beckwlth has done much
that has contributed to the success of the
exhibition. She has secured many of the
exhibits herself, and was largely responsi
ble for the talent on the programme.
The exhibits In the ColoniaJ. Indian and
Pacific island possessions rooms are well
worth viewing. The loans are made en
tirely by Oakland people. In the colonial
room there are some historical bits, for
the most part rare old household furnish
ings. The Indian room presents a lina
collection of old baskets and relics..- The
Pacific island possessions' exhibits are
many and varied and interesting. Follow
ing are the names of the exhibitors and
the articles they have loaned:
Colonial room— Mrs. Geors* Pardee, old bed
srreads of 1SC6 and churn: Mrs. A. V. Cham
berlain, bedspread and quilt; Mr». Lee Cham
berlain, shawls over Mm years old. old-»tyl*
bonnets, three very old bedspreads: Mrs. B. C.
Dick, plated copper ware over 100 years old. oM
candlesticks, children's playthings and plates,
snuffers, a Mayflower pitcher and a Mather
Hubbard vase; Mrs. Stone, old candlestick;
Mrs. J. J. Bchotchler. One old linen, rugs an.l
samplers; Miss Orace Farnard. old swifts nwli
of Ivory; Mrs. William Gregory, beaded mat*
of fifty years ago, bed she«ts 20O years old
and an old sampler In & frame; Mrs. A. C.
Henry, needlework picture made by Mr. A. I .
Henry's mother when a youns girl; Mrs.
George X. West, old spoons and cuff buttons,
pictures drawn S5 years ago with a pencil:
Mrs. Dr. H. P. Van Kirk, bed curtains 2t0
year* old. made by BTeat-*Tvat-Kran.lnioth»r
200 yearn a«to In old Fnjrland, a book of 17j<:
Mrs. D. VT. C. Gasktll. books of 1733, BiMe of
ISIS, pillow Blips, mother's wedding dress « f
1814. Infant's wardrobe of X816. rare table linen,
two reels and a pair of swifts; Mrs. H. P.
Carleton. spinning wheel; Mrs. Amelia Wil
liams, vases of 175 years ago, teapot of Scot
land belonging to Lord Gordon and cut out of
one piece of stone: Mrs. William Hlfth. choic»
needlework, fissures over so year3 old. sleeve*
and collars of baby's caps.
Indian room— Mrs. George C. Pardee. Indian
baskets of Alaska Indians, and prayer sticks;
Mrs. B. C. Dick, Navalo Indian blankets, pot
terr. blankets made by the Indians of th»
Marlposa. Apache and Navajo Indian reserva
tions; Mrs. R. E. Slade. baskets and water bot
tles' Mrs. A. J. Jacobs. Indian pictures; Mrs.
Charles Curtis, collection of costly Indi.in
blankets: Mrs. William Gregory, snowshoei
and moccasins; Mrs. 8. C. Judkins. Indian
papoose baskets, pipe. bows, arrows, gourd. 1 ",
salmon netting, blankets, Alaskan fur. danc*
sticks and paddles; Mrs. V7. V. Wltoher. blan
kets and baskets; Mrs. Charles S. Green, a
collection of Indian curios.
Pacific Island possessions' rnom— Mrs. A. J.
Jacobs, lal neckwear that was Used by royal
family of Sandwlrh Islands: Mrs. O»ora:e Par
dee. Manila chair of bamboo, an ehonv cane.
•erB.a and other curias; Mrs. J. J. Jeffries,
valuable plno cloth; Mrs. f\ J. Evans. sl»«r
ln* mats u«ed by Society Tsland natives, native
sv/crds and knives: Mrs. F. E. H«*!mhr>ltJ. na
tive stove; Mrs. Helen B. Smith, rare shell*
on which were carvings and scenes: Mrs. Been.
shells; Mrs. A. C. Henry. Sulu woman's hat;
Dr. Stephen TVhytfce. photon of native scenes,
Spanish and Filipino flags; Charles Dukes,
banners and knives used In natlv» warfare.
Downstairs are the tea and refreshment
rooms, which have been handsomely deco
rated by willing hands with Chinese lan
tern?, streamers of vari-colored papers.'
festoons of Ivy and flowers and palm
branches. The decoration was done under
the direction of Miss de Neal Morgan.
The afternoon programme of musical
and literary numbers was as follows:
Mandolin and fruitar duet, the Misses Theresa,
and Lily Sherwood: cornet solo. Otto J.
Lercher; mandolin and guitar duet. "Lucia rtl
Lammermoor," the Ml*r»n Sherwood; recitation.
Mrs Carrie Froos-Snyder; violin «olo. Max
Lercher. .
The evenlnp programme was as follows:
Oakland Treble Quartet. Mrs. Carrie Brown
Dexter. Mrs. A. A. Pewlnfr. Miss Oretrh»n,
Burnett and Mt3s Mabel Gray will render "Mar
sraretha" and "My Home Is "Where the Heather
Bl(v>ms" (D« Koven>: piano nolo, "Sixth
Rhapsody" (Liszt). Mr». John W. Metcalf;
violin solo. S. S. Savannah, accompanied by
Robert Clarence Newell; soprano solo,
"Spring," Mrs. Carrie Brown Dexter.
Many Interesting Articles of Colonial
Times, Indian Manufacture and
Pacific Island Possessions
: . ¦'¦ on View. : :':'-/" \ ....'; ;'.:
Fashionable Ladies Throng
the Rooms of the
Y.W.C.A. U
LOAN EXHIBIT IS
A GREAT SUCCESS
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, NOVEMBER 2, 1900.
Girl Students at the State University Publish a Bright
and Successful Edition of the Occident.
GO-EDS SHOW WHAT THEY
CAN DO AS JOURNALISTS
ADDITIONAL VETEBANS
ON REPUBLICAN BOLL
11
C7he 'Pay's &ead.THE SAN. FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, NOVEMBER 2, 1900.
12
SAX FRAXC1SCO CALL. . .
BUSINESS OFFICE of The San Francises
Ca!!. corner of Market nnd Third street*, oper
until 12 o'clock every night In the year,
ERAMCII OFFICES— £27 Montgomery street
earner CI»y; open ur.tii 9:30 p. m. ' . . -
CCO'Kayes street; .open until 8:30 p. m.
CC9 McAllister street; open until 9:30 p. nv
C15 Lmkin ¦iml.'lljM li until 8:30 p. m. ' ¦
. 1M1 Mis* ion street; open until 10 p. m. .
ZX1 Market street, corner Sixteenth; opct
taOil'9 x>. m. ' '. • • : • .' ' • :
106 Eleventh street; cpen until 9 p. tn. '. .' .
10i6 Valencia etreet;' oi«n until 9 p, m. .
Northwest -corner Twenty-second and Ken-
tucky ttreirts; open until i p. m. .
Ml-*ETI\G SOTICES.
CALIFORNIA Ooir.ir.an'Wy No. 1. IC .j.
T No 8 1\*=: st.— regular assembly "jtkj«
THIS EVENING. 7:30 o'clock. All fra- |mJ
' ters courteously Invited. JJy order of «w
the CoirnVander.' ' • ¦ '"'
HIRAM T. GRAVES. Recorder.
A STATED rr.o'ilr.g of Yerba Buena
I-odi-e of Perfection No. L A and A.. jf^
Scottish Rite of Freemasonry, will be /I
hold in Chapter Hsil. Masonlo Temple. //VV
on FRIDAY EVENING. November 2, Csu9
J0'.*\, at is o'clock. '• ¦ •'
HENRY BURNER. Secretary.
CALIFORNIA Lodee No. 1. F. and A. m
M.. will nif^t THIS (FRIDAY) EVES- A
ING, November 2, at 7:30 o'clock. Third /E3T
<1< gree. Rv order of the Master. • V
FRANKLIN H. DAY. Secretary.
KNIGHTS Ol? PYTHIAS— A grand .*£
ma hf- meet ing of the members of the irJ%^
order their families snd friends. will^gS^Ko
be he!*} NEXT SATURDAY EVEN-«*S33
ING. Nov. 3. at O<ld Fellows' Hall. Don't ia.u.
REGULAR meeting cf the Cale- . -CTv
OOSUa Club THIS (FRIDAY) 5\ (koj
EVENING, at S o'clock at Boot- T-\-X'&?
tiFh Ifall. 117 Lark'r. st. Nomina- **•*
tlor.s. Open meeting at S:30. Fourth Cfcief-
tr.'n J. "W. Cameror.'a r.ight. Lady and gen-
tlcmiLa friends cordially invited.
ANGUS McLEOD. Chief.
AXDRFW McNAIR. Secretary-
BT. ANDREWS Society annual elec- v Ov
tion will be held at Scottish Ha'.L 2*. (mu/J
117 Larkin et.. on MONDAY EVEN- '«VT,\ V «?
ING. November ~>. 1WW. i'olls open
frora * tot o'clock.
•U'M. BALNAVES. President.
A. R. PATTERSON. Sec.
BCIILATTER 7^!
iXHvfce Jtenllnc. every Sunday nljrht.
Et lioox-«r Hall. 3327 Market st.
TKJ" California I>ebriP Commission, having re-
r?:.pii ar»li~at!or.s t« mine by the hydraulic
-. J>rccc_-.s frorr. she Cataract ai.d Wide \Vi-5t
Gravel Mining Co.. in the Wide West Gravel
.'• ITln*. n<*r.r Fhc, Ca'averas Co.. to defnsit
t:.::inF5 in North. Outkt and Prospect Gulch:
frr-m II. SMjrhter and Thomas Harper, Jn the
. fan Frareiseo Mine, near Todd, Placer Co..
: to: dc?>r.rii tailings in I>ardaneli<»!> Canyon;
. from f&arles tj. Dctoea. in the Riffle Point
Mine, at Grass Flnt. Sierra Co., to deposit
¦ ta;IUice 'n Grass Flat Ravine; from George
Fitzgerald, in the Lone Star Mine, near Crom-
: berp. Pismas Co.. to deposit tailings in Jack*
6-m Creek: frcm G. A. and F. W. Brucker-
: tnan r in the Rcr.a'.wance Mine, near Howland
Fiat. : s>rra Co.. to deposit tailings la a
¦ : TTorlted-out pit: frcm J. R. Bell and A. B.
¦-.¦ .Tack«. In the i3adger Hill Mln-. near Spanish
Ranch. Plan:afl Co.. to deposit tailings in
. Ravlre; from 'W. T. Sherman and
O. F. Oaya. in th* Last Chance Mine, near
Pert TCI-*. Sierra Co.. to deposit tailing* in
French Kavlr.e: from C: N. Klngsbury, In the
¦- Conger Culch Gravel Mire, near Igo. Shasta
V-v>.. -t*> (jojwssit taHinps In Dry Creek: from
John McOrath. In the Independent Mine, near
Ft. Lo-jIs. Sierra Co.. to deposit tailings in
fears Ravine, ar.d from J. F. Cowdery. in
the Crsr.dlerville Mine, near Ft. Louis. Sierra
<""o., to deposit talitr.irs in Packets Gulch, gives
¦ notice that a me«>tir.ir will be held at room £9,
Flood building. San Francisco, Cal., on No-
vr-mbT 12. 1300, at 1:30 p. m.
ACEVTS WASTED.
AGENTS *ra.r.trji; ladles or gmt'emen In every
county and town on the Pacific Coast; can
MMly make J{5 a *e^k; household invention
that e'-ery on» r.r^in. Vot particulars address
rootn nL 9tS 2.?3rk*t fft.. Pin FranclPco. C"al.
Vyn-priBt vi«itijig caras. any style, *4c l^O, or
Viusinr?* rard.«. 7".c 10M; 'b!f ecmrr.iEsIcn or
salary to' agents everywhere. Eastern Import
yv»:<-rtB' Ft:rply Or. in.) Market ft.. S. F.
a«pjjalti n noopixc
J. PELTIITK. asphait rooflnjr, itdew&Ua: cellar
'floors \r<A. r/-;'3ir«.d: postal. 1IS6 Mission ft.
ASTKOLOGV.
MME. HICKET— Astrologist; horcsccpes. BOc:
cird rea<!injr nrA r-almlstry, 21c. 1SDC Mission.
XT., r. TOI'SKT TAYLOR. S-lentinc Aftrolo-
trr- Fr»~ c.-.f y "Thr Xexr Moon." 7C5 Market.
ATTORNF.YS AT LAW.
H. W. KrVO. : «ttona*y st law. m Market st..
ifopn C"7 — '?-???* t**s. «?£.n^D"es, stta^htnents
bankrortcy, «cU«cttans; all cases; fair fe*s;
. no a'dvar.ce charges; meney loaned on estates.
a:-'.'T'"T; free; divorce law a specialty; private:
n« ff— w-i;h"iH success: collections. G W
novrr:. att;- at law, F50 Market, cor. Stockton.
I. F.mv. JARRETT. I>am bldg.. Third and
Market stF. ; pbor:e Red
FP-KE advice; divorce latrs. da_ma<res. estates.
. collections.; J. A. Mitchell. 214 Montgomery.
ADVICE free; r.o charge unless s-jccessral. W.
'Ay.- Davidson. S27 Market st.. opp. Mason.
L. S. CLARK. Emma Fpreckels blig.. 927 Mar-
fcT Ft. :¦ consultation fr«*e: no fees in advance.
MATH CABIXHTS.
r.OBINSON; Niagara. Perfection 'and^ctheriT
TV. ?. RROWX f'O.. gpr-ncy. 42C T.V.'.s St.. S.F.
<«OAKO!\Ci l-t)Ii CHILUIUiX.
A V.'OMAN who has a rur.ny fiat, near school,
wcu!> like some children to bcarf; a mother's
fi^rc A'ldrt-^s 4'2 <~lippor St.. near Diamond.
UISIM2SS CllAXCES.
A— JCOOO; saloon on Market Ft.; rent $73. Includ-
ing 11- jurr.i.shed rooms: daily receipts about
l.Vj; mercantile !un<-h.: l<>a*e; flrst-cla»s pay-
in« proposition. Particulars R, G. WILKE
¦ SSVi Kearny «. .
A-r { -"»>: SALOON. «*tab. ir.any years, en Fourth
Ft...rpr.t ;:-. r- living rooms; place located
cloee ta fa.-torit*. where ISO men employed;
a Fjler.dkJ .-hance and bargain. Particulars
R. C. vriLKE. :»i Keamy tt.
; A-KALOON crp. liall cf Justice; I years*
. lease: low rent: splend'd bargain; Investigate
end buy. at once; rare chance. Call R. G.
¦tt'ILKE. 26U Kearar «t.
A-tT.:s<: RF.STAi;p.ANT on Market et.; rent
J2'; a. £ood-paying place; sickness of wife
ccmpf;!s owner to sell. See It. G. WILKE.
' 26's Kc-aray «t, :
A — tV*': -UVTCIinn *h"p. with horse and cart.
; in b*-st location of Western Addition; place
. ft-taMi'hf'd f<r. years and doing a firn-class
business; a splendid chance for any man.
<-a!l P.. G. WILKE. 2CH Kearny et.
¦ A— IU-D0: SALOON with 10 furnished rooms:
.-. r!cM to Hall of Justice; place established
.-' ir.any y^ars and doing .a good business; owner
: <r.z** r -d otherwise -<-?.yse r»f t«Je; a bargain.
.'¦ »'a!l R. G, 1YILKK. 2S% Keavny st. .
¦Jk-tSmii LEADING saloon: located between
wholesale liqus^s. insurance and m«rcar.tlle
• o:iic*s; I lace established 40 years; known as
ore ot the ben wh:?ky bars in this city. Call
Jl. G. V.'-ILKn, .2C : ; Kekrr.y et.
A— J.VX: SALOO.V and hoanli.-s-house with 10
. : furn if h<*l • rooms <.n water front; rent 140; 2
I -years' le.afe;. a fenod business. See It G
.WILKE. SCU .<eamy gt.
A-twO; CORNER saloon In Wfablenla district;
\ rilae<* estatt years; tool paying; no night or
"gunJcy wcrk-.. R, G. WILKE. 26H Kearny st.
¦Jl— tZt<>:', CIOAR-Ftore with 4 rooms; rent fa-
I : !ace clearing $75 per. month. R. G. WILKE.
. . r$',i -Krarny st. • ¦ ".;¦'
JIOTnL; city; all new furniture: newly pa-
; • r*re<J cr.d . painted; clears trOO monthly; bis
". -lr.duoeir.ent tu right party; $3 'CO : easy terms
Butcher s.hop: established 7 years- owner
: has 7 sh--ns and will fell either; £500 and J5O0-
"both 'doing a frood bufiness
':'¦':¦ ... ' RHEINHOLD & FKIRM.
S:< JJat-kft gt.. 2d floor, room 218.
S4'-«— CJIICKEN buf'n-f-p: 400 chickens; t'>ols-
•horse-; r waf^sns: rettt J12 mo. Easile. 3 Eddy!
tlCf'O— f- A LOON; near Market: central- full
value 6U.ek; cause cicknens. DASILE. I E<3dy.
T3RXXCH Vakrry. caroy. cigars, notions- good
»i<^<-k; rnrf !)U»lnes5;' Sne location; 4 llvins
rooms; must sell. , LANE & CO., 8€5 Market.
f?a-PAm7gpH K«Btsd in a light manufae-
•rrir.g biifinfss: sure prnfit f7i a. month to
ci:ch. DONNELLY & CO.. 63? Market st.
S3 >0 — COFl'tn: and lunch narlor on Monteomerv
St.; l^rgain'. MCLAUGHLIN. 777 Market St.
IL GRIFFIN. 719 Market, r. I,
•«=eJl« all klr.ds of_ busit^^sses. Fee him.
HALF lnt<r»rt In restaurant and coffee-house
•413 Market rt.; grand ofTer for right man-
Pfrving r/i0 for lun<'h; sma.Il rent; everything
now; trial ailovred for investieation.
3T)fi SALE — An established, welj-paylng fren-
•'•ral mercantile within 125 miles of
this city; Fp-lendid opj>ortun!ty; stock on hand
r.bout tCOOO; tcrrr.s caih. Address box !0, Call.
SV&-A RARGAIN; a complete profitable es-
• tabI!-;h«Ki niedioaj business; value !n eight;
Ftsl«-ablo for either «w»x: experience unnwiw-
rarj-; good reason for selling. Box 14, CalL
FOR RALE-3-chnJr barber thop. Including
batba. Dcx 02. Call office.
rJE5TTAT;RANT for Fale: situated In rood busi-
ness etreet. Call tt 52 Hast St.
EAI/X5N for fal*; opposite the ferry. Apply
111 £ast tt.. north of Market; to agents.
BUSINESS CHAXCES CONTINUED.
A— COAL, wocd and grain business; fine loca-
tlon; snap. COWING & CO.. 719 Market st.
A— ROOMING-HOUSE; fine location :~bargain
this day. See COWING & CO.. 719 Market St.
A— SHOE store;. good location; clears $500 to JCOC
mo.; bargain. COWING & CO.. 719 Market st.
A— GROCERY nna bar; best ever offered for
sale. COWING & CO.. 719 Market St.
A— SALOON downto-wn: money maker; come
quick. COWING & CO.. 719 Market st.
A— SODA water business Tor one-half its value;
Blcknesa. COWING & CO.. 719 Market st.
A— LIVERY nnd boarding stable; park location;
good change,, COWING & CO.. 719 Market St.
A— PLUMBING shop: fine location: snap for
good man. COWING & CO.. 719 Market nt.
A— RESTAURANT in best part of city; must
be fold this day. COWING. 719 Market st
A— BAKERY; clearing $200 per month; snap.
COWING & CO.. 719 Market St.
j SEALED bids Tor the bar. restaurant, hat
and cloak rooms. and other privileges for the
Eaele'B carnival ball at the' Mechanics' Pa-
vilion. November -S. will be opened at the
meeting cf the committee at B'nal B'rlth
building on November 13.. at 3 o'clock p. m.
Dlds must be accompanied by a certified
j check for half of the amount. For further
particulars aiigly to CJUS POHLMANN. Sec-
] retary. 23S Sutter Et.
WANTED— Bright, intelligent man with some
capital to take half Interest and entire charge
of an established branch detective- office In
Seattle; will guarantee J200 per month clear
for his investment; plenty of . business and
first-class fixtures. Bex 2737, Call office.
FIRST-CLASS money making. business for sale:
office fitted up and $1400 worth of stock on
hand: $200 cash and remainder can be paid
out of the business: reason for selling, sick-
nesa. Box 2736. Call office.
| $10.000— SOUND Investment; one of the best-
; jaylng merchandise businesses in Oakland:
! established for. years; 6af« and profitable ln-
i vestment; half cash, balance in property. E.
E. BUXCE. ?g 'Broadway. Oakland.
GREAT bargain; Al day saloon In the best
business locality; fair business for the last
15 years; trial allowed for investigation:
price $1000; no: agent. Box 2713. Call office.
JOB printing— A well equipped Job printing
plant for yale; or will- sell a half Interest to
an up-to-date Job printer. Address box 44f,
San Jose,. Cal. : .. ¦
$4:(?— RESTAURANT; fine morning and evening
trade; in complete running order: present
j ©vrner 4 years; investigate. ?33 Sixth st.
l.$40*VBRAXCH bakery.' candy, notions, procer-
, les, :etc. ; fine location: 5 living: rooms; no
. ' ngpr.ts. Address box 27;o. Call office.
STATIONERY and notion store for sale; three
living rooms; laundry office; no azenta. J10
i Turk st.
! OYSTER and chop house: well fitted up; 2 fur-
I rti.«lied rooms; doing good business; going
j East; no agents. 262 Third Bt.
! FINE large store to let on O'Farrell Et.. near
Powell; suitable for any business; cheap rent.
i Apply at 15 Grant ave.
J RESTAURANT and chicken ranch, both in
r pood running order; Incubators and brooders.
I Inquire 2137 Center St.. East Berkeley.
i GROCERY and bar in good location; stock in
j eieht for full purchase price. W. L. HAR-
! PER. 313 Examiner building.
; SALOON en water front for sale. Apply at 4
I Washington »t.
! BARBER ehop for sale. 35 Market St.; can b«
j used for other purposes.
FOR sale — Corner cigar stand and stationery;
: establ. 3 years; cheap. 329 Montgomery ave.
INSIDE route on this paper for sale. Apply
CALL business office.
RARE business chance; day saloon; rent cheap;
no agents. 2M Clay; wholesale district.
CLASSIFIED advertisements »nd subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Fillmore st.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
FUbEcrlpllons has been established at 1096
Valenclt gt.
LODGING-MOUSES FOR SALE.
15 ROOMS; rent $?7 JO (eh eap) . . . '. "Z. 7^'. '. . $C0
!<"' rooms; rent $50 (corner) 600
18 rooms: rent JCO (<.entral) '. 900
PC rooms; rent $100 (paying) 2703
60 rooms; rent JZiO (Market) S500
Large list of houses. Money loaned buyers
at 2 per cent. SCHVTEINHARD & CO..
Phone Mint 1911. 917 Market, bet. Eth and 6th.
M. GRIFFIN.
719 Market st., room 1, near Call building.
Downtown flat, rent $2f>, elegant fur $250
14 jroms. full, rent $40. snap 350
SO rooms, rent $190. Income J229. all men.. 1700
36 rorrns, new hard wood, central corner.. 1800
24 rooms, always full, r»r.t SS5 950
Abstract free. Monej' to loan at lowest rate.
A— 22-ROOM rcoming house; central $1000
20-room house; frst class 10SO
11-room houee; 1475; 6-room flat 325
10-room house; Eddy; rent $75; only 900
FISHER & CO., 10:2 Market et
HOUPE; 10 rooms; California st.
House; 24 rooms: O'Farrellint.
CeI! Rnd see our list at office.
NATIONAL REAL ESTATE CO.. 3 Eddy St.
ROOMING house of 17 rooms on account of
flcl:r.»ss; cheap. ltOA Eddy st.
SIXTH. 242 — Nicely furnished sunny house of
9 rooms; selling reasonable.
CHEAPEST a^d best in Amerlca-The W»ekly
Call. 16 pages, sent to any address In the
United States or Canada one year for tL
pOFtajre paid.
CARRIAGES AND WAGONS.
ALL kinds of wagons, buggies, carts, harness,
etc.. cheap. EGAN & SON. 2117 Mission gt.
AN A No. 1 express wapon. single, also Usht
camping wagon, for sale cheap. 532 Mission.
NEW & Id-hand wagons, buggies, carts & har-
nefs. work & driving horses. 15th & Valencia.
SPIRITUALISM.
ARRIVED— Mrs. Dr. Farnham, world-renowned
spiritual medium; advice in all affairs of life,
lawsuits, divorces, deaths; unites the sepa-
rated; miniriK a specialty; clrs.Sun.,Wed..Krl.
fv's; come and be convinced. (Permanently)
t!3 Eddy St., bet. Hyde and Lerkln; no sign.
ATTEND Mrs. Dunham's circle of truth; 2. S
p. m. 14 McAllister St., rm. 35; admission 10c.
MRS. HARLAND'S circle to-night; articles
read. 10c: readings, BOc, JL 14S Sixth st.
MRS. XOTTER'S circle to-night; test to all,
10c; fittings dally; ladles. 50c; gents. $1. 34 Cth.
KMB. MARQUISE. 5 Hyde St.. sittings daily;
cir. to-night. 8. 10c; messages f rm. spirit friends.
MME^ MAJORS, gifted spiritual medium,
healer and card reader. 122 Sixth St., room 1.
MRS. J. J. WHITNEY, clairvoyant, test, busi-
ness medium, life reader; sittings tt. 1104 Mkt.
EDWARD EARLE, psychic. 12S Powell St.;
hours, 9 to 1; Sunday nt K. of P. Hall.
MRS. LESTER, medium and palmist. S21 Turk
St.; circles Sun.. Tues., Fri., 8 p. m.. 25c.
CONSULT Watson, 1SS1 Mkt.. nr. 12th; famous
medium and palmist; advice Infallible; 2ic Up.
FRIENDSHIP Hall. 225 McAllister-Mrs. C. J.
Meyer, fittings; convincing tests to-night; 10c.
BUSINESS medium. 290S Otis et.. bet. Mason &
Russell. Aehby eta.. S. Uerkeley; sit. dallv.
A WEEK'S news for a cents— The Weekly Call.
1G pages. In wrapper, for mailing. $1 per year.
CLAIRVOYANTS.
MME. PORTER, wonderful clairvoyant & card
reader, born with double veil & second sight;
dlaenosog disease with life reading; ladles
SOc. gents $1; palm and clalr. sit $1 50. 126 Turk.
MRS. J. LTTTOX, clairvoyant and card reader;
readlnss, SOc; sitting, fl; every afternoon ex-
c?pt Sunday. 11 J Turk st.; no sizn.
MHS. E. SANDERR, 614 Taylor st.. near Geary
— Clatrvovant. palmist and business medium;
ladles* circle Thurs.. 2 p. m.; Fri., 8; dr.. 25c.
1SMAR. the Egyptian gypsy clairvoyant and
palmist, permanently located IMS Market, opp.
Cth; private readings dally. 10 a. m. to 5 p. m.
LINCOLN, occult Btudent and clairvoyant; the
wonder of the age; consult him; you will
never regret It. Parlors 125 Turk St.
MME. BERNARD, reads life fluently; advice
given In all affairs in life; satisfaction guar-
anteed; 25c up. 17 Third st.. next Examiner.
MRS. MELVILLE, well-known clairvoyant. wa-
ter reader, moved to 11 Sixth; German spoken.
MRS. CAMERON, clairvoyant, cird reader.me-
dlum; 25c up. 823 Mission, nr. 4th.; ring bell.
MME. VALEEN. cialr., card reader, palmist;
lucky charms. 23c up. 215 Leavenworth st.
MME. ZEREDA. the gypsy, is the great palm-
ist and card reader; 2-*c and 50c. 7 Seventh.
MME. HANSON, palmistry, card reader; past.
present, future. 2oo. 14S Sixth at., room 14.
MME. BCHAFFER. clairvoyant, card reader;
sittings dally. 443^ Jessie ft.
MRS. E. M. DUVAL. clairvoyant and business
medium. 425 Golden Gate ave.
MME. AUGUST, clairvoyant, card reader and
palmistry; truth or no pay; 25c. 1149 Mission.
MME. RAVENNA reads life fluently; business
advice; names given: 25c up. 6 Fourth St.
CHIROPODISTS.
BUNIONS, Ingrown nails, corns, absolute cure,
painless; consult'n tree. Dr. Duncan. 415 Sutter.
COLLECTION OKFICHS.
GEORGE W. KELLY'S Agency-No"chargo utT-
lesi successful. Room 310, 927 Market st
CAHPET KEATIXG AXO CLEANING.
STANDARD, 313 Guerrero— Curtains and blan-
kets renovated. 25c per pair; carpents cleaned.
3c yd.: laying a specialty. Phone Mission 106.
WHEN you become disgusted with poor work
eend to SPAULDING'S Pioneer Carpet-Beat-
ing Works, 353-357 Tehama Et. ; tel. South 40.
CARPETS cleaned at 3c per yard, laid at Be.
STRATTON'S. 3 Eighth St.; tel. Jessie 944.
J. K. MITCHELL, Carpet-Beating and R«no-
vatlng Co., 240 Fourteenth St.; tel. Mission 74.
CITY Steam Carpet-Beating Works. G. H.
STEVENS, mgr., 3S-40 Sth St.: tel South 250.
ADVANCE Carpet-Cleaning Co.. 402 Sutter St.;
tel. Main 3S4. GEO. WALCOM, proprietor.
CONKLIN'S Carpet-Beating Works. S33 Golden
Gate ave.: telephone East 126.'
DEXTISTS.
AT the ELECTRO-DENTAL CLINIcrSoTMar^
ket St.. cor. 4th, rm. 7. Flood bldg.. you can
have- your extractions done painlessly; teeth
without plates our specialty; gold crowns.
$3 to up; plates, extractions free, $4 50 up; of-
fice hours, 9 a. m. to 10 p. m. ; Sundays, 9 to J
p. m. G. W. WILLIAMSON. M.D.. Manager.
EIGHT prizes for best crowns, plates, bridges
and fllllngs; extractions or fillings by my won-
dciful secret, painless method; 20 years' ex-
perience; no students; advice free; prices
I cheapest and guaranteed; ln.d>- attendants.
' DR. GEORGE W. LEEK. 20 O'Farrell Bt.
A NEW plate, the unbreakable Rose Pearl,
warranted for 20 years; crowns and bridge-
work; teeth without a plate; fllllngs, 60c:
crowns, $3 50; plates, full set, $5 00; all work
palnleys and warranted. Chicago Dental Par-
lors. 24 Sixth et.
"MAIN Office" New York Dental Parlors. 101'J
Market fit., bet. Sixth and Seventh: consuit
us on crowns and bridges; teeth extracted
pcr.it! vely and absolutely without pain.
DR. LUDLUM HILL. 1443 Market, nr. Eleventh
— No charge for extracting when plates are
made: old plates made over like new; teeth
from $3 per set; extracting, 50c; gas given.
SET of teeth without plate. DR. H. G. YOUNG,
IStt. Polk st
PARIS Dental Parlor. 235 Kearny, cor. Bush —
Full set of tefth, $4; crowns. $3; fllllngs, 25c.
LOWEST prices in S. F.; painless extraction,
COc. New York Dentists, yC9 Mission, cor. 6th.
VAN VROOM- "Painless": evenings and Sun-
days. 1001 Market St., corner Sixth.
DOG HOSPITALS.
! DR. BUZARD'S dog hospital. Post, Fillmore—
Advice and medicine. 7oc; city visits, $1 50; all
animals treated; degs boarded. Tel. West 636.
»Ui:SS>IAKi:itS AM) MJAMSTUEiiSUS
FAIRFIELD'S Millinery Academy; call and ex-
amine work; tend for circular. 1236 Market.
ACCORDION pleating factory: all kinds pleat-
Ing, pinking. 121 Post. overO'Connor&Morfatl.
McDOWELL Dressmaking and Millinery School;
private class; patterns cut. 1019 Market St.
S. F. Dressmaking. Ladles' Tailoring and Mil-
linery School; French system. 411 Van Ness.
E Ul CAY IPX A iL.
GALLAG^HER-MAiilsiirCoi^^
Shorthand, typing and bookkeeping; Robert F.
Gallagher, expert court reporter, teacher of
shorthand; reportorial phrasing taught; prac-
tical bookkeeping; full course, $50; catalogue.
HEALD'S BUSINESS COLLEGE, 24 Post St..
B. F. — Bookkeeping, shorthand, typing, lan-
guages, telegraphy, English branches, civil,
electrical and mining engineering, etc.; day
and night sessions; new SO-page catalogue free.
A— THE LYCEUM, and accredited preparatory
school for the university, law and medical
colleges; references. President Jordan or any
Stanford professor. Phelan building.
BOOKKEEPING or shorthand— If you want to
learn in a limited time, take private lessons
fre-m an experienced teacher. M. W. COR-
NELL, room £8, Thurlcw block, 126 Kearny St.
AYRES' Business College. 723 Market St.: day
and evening; Individual Instruction.* $8 per
month; life scholarship, J50; bookkeeping,
shorthand, telegraphy, etc.; catalogue free.
HE FAILED! had he practiced bookkeeping, a
short time with expert Tarr, 220 Parrott bldg
he would not: be wise.
SPANISH classes day and evening. 305 Larkin
et., cor. McAllister; 4 lessons a week S3 a
month; also private. PROF. F. M. VIZCAINO.
MISS M. G. BARRETT. Shorthand Academy;
lessons by mall; acknowledged by official re-
porters best teacher, beet system. 302 Montgy.
ALL students but two taking full course this
year cot positions. SAN FKANCISCO BUS1-
ness COLLEGE. 12S6 Markn st.
ENGINEERING, civil, elec. mlnlng.mech..eur-
vey, assay, cyanide, arch. ; day. eve. : est. 1864.
VAN PER XAILLEN SCHOOL, 833 Market.
FRENCH. Spanlsh.etc. Prof.DeFllippe'sAcademy
of I J anguages.s;0PoBt;establd.lS71;able€t profs.
SPANISH. French. German, singing, piano, }2
mo.; hour?.. 2-4. 6-8. 123G Market, mi 119-117.
MUNSON School Shorthand. Typing, Bookkeep-
ing. Spanish. 337 Mont'y. E. M. Carpenter, pr.
MR. and MRS. D. MANSFIELD, music studio-
vl-llr.. guitar, mandolin, banjo. 1S36 Eddy st.
ILLUSTRATION'— PARTINGTON'S DAY and
ILI.USTIiATION-Nlght class. 424 Pine st.
CALIFORNIA Business College Is again en-
larglng quarters. Come see ua. 305 Larkin st.
ARITHMETIC, bookkeeping, grammar, writing,
etc., day or eve.; $5 mo. 1024 Mission, nr. 6th.
ESIIMLOY.'Mia.Vr OKK1CKS.
A — JAPANESE and Chinese employment con-
tractor: estab. over 10 years; all kinds help.
4-'l Post St.. near Powell; telephono Bush 135.
JAPANESE and Chinese Employment Office;
best help f urn. ; tel. John 2121. S05V4 Stockton.
FRED WAMATS, Japanese, Chinese contractor;
cnip. office. 64t California; tel. James 2601.
RELIAPLE Japanese-Chinese employment of-
flce; all klr.ds help. 315 Stockton; Main 51SS.
JAPANESE Housecleaning Co. —-Walters. cooks.
<Mshwashers; e?t. 1830. 1020 Oak; tel. Page 547.
UNION Japanese-Chinese emp. office— Best help
turn.; domestic serv. 417 Powell: tel. Bush 376.
ORPHEl'M Employment Office — Japanese Chi-
nese help. 42S Powell, nr. Sutter; tel. Black 5072.
CHINESE and Japanese Employment Office^
Eest h*lr>. tziij O'Farrell «t.; tel. East 42C.
EXPERT Ori'lCIAXS.
EYES examined free; spectacles properly ad-
Justed. N. Manasse. oculist optician, 910 Mkt.
EMPLOYKEET WA.Vi'lSO FEMALE.
RELIABLE woman wants general housework
any kind, by the day, week or month; well
recommended. Address box D, Call Branch
800 Hayes st.
YOUNG lady with fair knowledge of shorthand
and typewriting desires situation in an office.
Box 9. Call Office.
NEAT young Swedish girl would like to do
light housework. 654 Sixth st., between
Bryant and Brannan.
NEAT Swedish girl wishes to do second wark;
is a good waitress; jfood reference; wages {20
to $25. C13 McAllister tt.
DRESSMAKER from the East, first-class, will
ro out by the day; tailor-made suits a sre-
c-lalty. 1S32 Polk st.
RESPECTABLE larly, good cook, wishes posi-
tion as houyekfeper; good care of children.
Call at 68-76 Ellis st.. room 63. bet. 1-3, p. m.
FIRST-CLASS laundress wants work by the
day. Box 14. Call office.
YOUNG girl would like to have position in an
office; dental preferred. Box 2704. Call office.
WINCHESTER House. 44 Third et.. near Mar-
ket— 200 rooms; 25c to U CO night. Jl uO to f«
week; convenient and respectable; free 'bus
and baggage to and from ferry.
CLASSIFIED adverusemwiu :mi1 HiibKcriptloni
received at Call branch office. 2200 Fillmore.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has. been established at 1038
Valencia st.
K.MPLO VMK.Vr WA.VTKD — MALE.
THE employment department of the T. M. C.
A. furnishes only reliable young men. Ma-
eon and Ellis sts.; phore Bush 17.
COACHMAN and gardener wishes placo to
take care of horses and carriages; no objec-
tion to greenhouse or to milk a cow; can run
a srasolliie engine If requlrc-d; handy with
tools. For references and personal Interview
address F. F., box 19, Call office.
COMPETENT young man, 21 years; good in
mathematics: Fpeaklng and writing fluently
Spanish. French. German and English; best
references. A. M.. 1S23J4 Gre«n St.-
MAN working mornings would like to hav©
tome engagement two afternoons a week,
Saturday whole day. or evening: bond given
If necessary. Address box 3895. Call office.
MAN and wife would like management of
country hotel or mining boarding house,; man
cood cook. Box 11. Call office.
FIRST-CLASS meat cutter wishes a position In
city or country: can drive wagon; references
Box 7. Call office.
SIDE line wanted by responsible traveling
salesman for Washington. Idaho. Utah and
Texas. Box 16. Call office. _^
YOUNG man would like to take care of chlck-
en ranch; 6 years' experience. Box 15, Call.
AN exDcrlenced cook wishes position in lunch
house; references If required. ' 240 Sutter. r. 12.
EXPERIENCED salesman wishes position In
cisur store. Address box 17, Call office.
TRAVELING man, eight years on road, de-
eires position in hotel. Address box 2761. Call.
I L_ EiMFLOYMEK ' r WAXTEP 31 ALB.
WANTED— By November 1, position at chore-
man; thoroughly sober, industrious: under-
stands steam heating; gardener: can milk, do
carpenter work; private place, hotel or school
where a good man Is required. Address F.
H.. 631 Sacramento st, room 134.
SINGLE man, understanding citrus and de-
ciduous orchards, stock and general farm-
Ins, wants to take charge of fruit or graz-
ing ranch; references. Address R. 8., 415
Powell st.
VALET, well educated young man 27. desires
position as gentleman's valet; speaks G lan-
iruar-s and has traveled throughout Europe.
South Africa. British and Dutch India and
China. Box C. Call ofnee.
STENOGRAPHER and typewriter wants posl-
tion, having good knowledge of bookkeeping
with long business experience in several lines
and first-class references. Address P. N.,
1275 Mission «t.
STEADY young man. understands the care of
horses, desires a position as coachman or
gardener 1 understands milking cows; city or
country; references. THOMAB, Ahlborn
House. 821 Grant ave.
RELIABLE, honest farmhand seeks steady
work on farm or vineyard; can milk; drive 2
horsrs: prefers good home; moderate wages.
Address box 2765. Call ofnee.
SITUATION wanted by a good, steady Ger-
man in private family; take care o? horses
and garden; city or country; good reJerences.
Addresa box 3, Call office. • %
YOUNG man, 33. "temperate, reliable, educated,
with business experience, familiar with type-
writing and office work, wants position as of-
flco man, clerk or salesman. Box 2762, Call.
AN nctlve. strong and highly educated young
man 26 years Old, who is of sterling habits
and pleaslog address, wishes a situation of
any kind: Al references. Box 2. Call office.
YOUNG man violinist wishes musical work:
dance work; sporting house or aaloon work
accepted; fine tone; plays by note only; terms
very reasonable. Box 3878, Call.
STEADY boy, 18, living with parents, desires
?o learn Jewelry business. Addresa E. R..
711 California st. .
BAKER, young man. been on cakes, desires
situation on bread* can mold some. Box
27S9. Call office.
RELIABLE roan wishes position to do Janitor
or porter work in morning. Address box
27S7. Call office.
WANTED— A position by a young man as col-
lector, bookkeeper or office work: good ref-
erences. Address V. A. B., S23 First st.
WANTED— Situation as baker; good helper;
country preferred. 121S Twenty-sixth St., Oak-
land.
STRONG man. 30. does not use liquor nor to-
bacco, wants steady work of any kind; low
wages. Bo^ 2751, Call office. ¦
YOUNG German wants position as porter; un-
derstands gardening work; best references.
Box 2738. Call office. '
CHINESE cook, first-class boarding house or
family cook, wishes situation. C1IONQ
WING. 902 Clay St.
FIRST-CLASS Chinese cook and laundryman
wants situation; city or country. Address
Chinese Cook, 6l« Front st.. 8. F.
SITUATION wanted by German bartender. Box
S894. Call ofnee.
JAPANESE cook wishes position in private
family. Address MIYOSHI. box 2760, Call.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch ofnee. 2200 Fillmore St.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1098
Valencia st.
¦ * FLATS TO LET.
BAY-WINDOW flat of 2 rooms; «unny; rent
$12 E0; water free. 1K5 Sacramento st.
FINE modern flat. 7 rooms and bath. 625 Golden
Gate ave., bet. Van Ness ave. and Franklin.
IF you want to move g«t printed list flats to let
from BALDWIN & HOWELL. 10 Montgomery.
6 SUNNY rooms; 900 Bryant at., cor. 3eventh;
ch.ap; apply corner, between 1 and 3 p. m.
$7— 4-ROOM fiats on Victor St.. eft Bryant, bet.
7th and Sth. Inquire at rrocery. 941 Krvant.
FUH.MTCUE FOll SALE.
4 ROOMS furnished in oak for $41 M. with No.
7 ranee. King Furniture Co.. 1127-1131 Mar-
ket tt.: teieDhone Kouth 637.
FURNITURE 5 rooms for sale. $75. and flat to
let: rent $15; fine and sunny; door open; top
floor; one day only. 1207 Mission st.
run.vniRi: wanted.
CHAS. LEVY buys your furniture, carpets,
pianos, etc. 1125 Market st.; tel. Jessie 761.
A. WOLLPERT. 773 Mission St.. pays highest
price for second-hand furniture: tel. Red 1354.
Auctioned- — L. Vincent, 1305 Larkin: tel Polk Ol,
furniture & furn'd houses bought; spot cash.
W. E. CODY (lato with J. T. Terry & Co.), buys
furniture, carpets. 757 Mission; tel. Red 8333.
HELP WANTED — FEMALE.
cTir^H^s^N^x^oTr^Trrr^Ph^nTG^wss
HOTEL DEPARTMENT
4 waitresses, commercial hotels, $20, country;
5 waitresses, city, $20; 2 restaurant waitresses,
$6; lunch and dinner waitress, 14 EO week,
ehort hours; 2 chambermaids, south, $20;
seamstress, hotel, south, $20; chambermaid,
country hotel. $20: plain laundress, institu-
tion, $23; and many others
FAMILY DEPARTMENT
Invalid's nurse, across tne bay, $25; Italian
working housekeeper, $15; working house-
keeper, country, $15; second girl, two in fam-
ily. San Rafael, $25. see party in the city;
French second girl, city, $20; French house-
Klrl, south, K5. or a girl who speaks French:
houseglrl, small American family. Oakland,
$23, choice place; nurseglrl, care of 2 children,
city; 50 housocirls, city and across the bay
and short distances In the country; others.
C. R. HANSEN & CO.. 104 Geary St.
EXPERIENCED Jacket and suit fitters, per-
manent positions. Apply before 9 a. m..
Cloak Department, White House.
WANTED — Girl for housework and cooking:
references: good wages. Call between 9 and
12. 1123 Laguna kt.
WANTED— Intelligent, lenslble woman cashier
for retail store. Apply Bee Hlv« Shoe Co.,
717 Market st.
NEAT, competent girl to do general housework
and cooking; references. 728 Halght st.
LADY, neat, willing and ambitious. Call
after 9 a. m.. room 6. 113 Stockton st.
RELIABLE girl to assist In housework: good
home. 4034 Seventeenth St., near Castro.
GIRL for general housework; plain cooking.
249 Fourth st.
WANTED— A good, reliable nuraeglrl. Apply
2026 Bush St.
WANTED— A young girl for light housework.
Apply 6C6 Fillmore, Friday, bet. 9 and 12 m.
WANTED— Young lady few hours each day.
P.. box 18. Call office.
GIRL wanted to assist In general housework.
1516 Larkin st., between Sacramento and Clay.
WANTED— Girl to assist in general house-
tvork. 1615 Post Bt. ¦
WANTED — A woman for opening with whole-
sale house; only those capable of development
and willing to assume responsibility need
at ply, nox 2755. Call office. /
WANTED— Experienced vest maker and opera-
tor; steady work and good wages. Apply
1110 Market st.
OPERATORS oa muslin underwear; steam
rower. G. W. REYNOLDS, 597 Mission St.,
corner Second. ...
FIRST-CLASS waitress wanted. 3321 Mission
street.
GIRL for general housework; good home;
wages $15. Apply 1933 O'Farrell st.
WANTED— Girl for general housework. Apply
S3S O'Farrell at.
GIRL to set type. 1008 Mission Bt. Q
SEWING girls, attention!— Experienced opera-
tors on- dress and negligee shirts; steady
work; good pay. Lowenberg Co.. 27 Jessie at.
WANTED— Women and girls to work on fruit.
1731 Folsom St.. between 13th and Hth.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Fillmore st.
A BRANCH ofllce for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1034 Va-
lencia St. .
HELP WAXTBU MALE.
WANTED — A young man to act~aij floor
walker; one with good address and sterling
hab'.ts; for Weinstock. Lubin & Co.. Sacra-
mento. Apply at 523 Market St.. near First,
between 2 and 3 p. m.
WANTED— A thoroughly experienced clothing
salesman; one who can talk Portuguese; for
Kacramento. Apply at 523 Market St., room 7,
between 2 and Ip, m. •
WANTED— Laborers and mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkln. Reno House proprietor, still
runs Denver House, 217 Third »t. ; 150 large
looms; 25c per night; $1 to $2 per week.
MEN wanted to learn barber trade: only eight
weeks required; positions guaranteed: special
Inducements: catalogue and map of city free.
MOLER'S BARBER COLLEGE, 635 Clay St.
COATMAKERS-Hlghest union prices paid;
free sitting-room. ALFRED LILIENFELD.
90S Market Et.
BARBERS — Complete 2-chalr shop for sale at
bargain; ca'.I and investigate. 394 Sixth rt.
GENTLEMEN'S suits to order, $1 per week, at
cash prices. N. T. Tailoring Co.. 115 Kearny. |
UEDICAU .
DR. AND MRS. DAVIES, 1223 Market-Ladles'
specialists; S3 years' practice; have treated
thousands of cases successfully: positive cure
guaranteed at office : ladles treated can return
home same day; HINDO HERB home cure,
any one can use it with satisfaction; perfect-
ly harmless. Send stamps for circular.
DR. G. W. O'DONNELL. moved to 1013 Mar-
ket, opp. 5th; world-renowned ladles special-
ist: safe reliable: practiced in San Francisco
for years; treated thousands of cases success-
fully; treatment can be used at home; consul-
tation free. After all others fall call en him.
DRS. GOODWIN, well-known ladies' specialists,
have returned from Europe; safe and reliable;
cure $5; have treated thousands of cases with
success: 15 years' practice In S. F.; low fees.
1007^4 Market st.. near Sixth.
MRS. DR. WYETH, reliable specialist; 25 yrs.'
practice; treatment at ofllce. $j; any ail-
ment; consultation free; guaranteed. 942
Post St.. bet. Hyde and Larkin.
IMPORTANT notice for ladles— Help for the
poor; call on a physician with men's knowl-
edge; every woman her own physician; cun be
used home. DR. POPPER. 323 Kearny Bt.
NO TOY KEE. Chinese doctor; cures consump-
Uon. cancer, catarrh, etc.; all diseases treat-
_fed; send for testimonials; advice free. Sani-
tarium. VOt Sacramento st.. corner Kearny.
MRS. DR. KOHL. 997 MARKET ST.. corner
Sixth— Safe and reliable ladles' physician- !
treatment. $G; positive cure guaranteed. ;
MRS. DR. ALLEN. 1033 Market-Ladles' spo-
ciallst; safe and uura cure. $5; beet cere; low
fees; when all others fall consult free
M ff ,i&,OT M g &ayr ' peciaiist; h °^
DR. WISE, the ladle*' «p<clali»t. 1113 Market st.
MISCELLANEOUS — FUR SALE.
BO i^£2-' I a^^^^a^^^fnl ! 'r^r i "Mc^
I.NTOSH & WOLPMAN. 135-197 Fremont at.
B n£fL back bars - mirrors, showcases, counters,
linoleum, new and second hand; wa alvrays
,have a large stock of saloon outfit, on hand;
8- complete outfits on our floor, ready made;
loV^sTon-- .t J ;
above Sixth; write for catalogue.
NEW BROOMS— The Golden West Broom Fac-
torv at 6*8 and 630 Clay st., near Kearny, has
i? i B . I ted: - 8torekeeper9 can h« supplied with
all kinds of brooms at the cheapest rates;
orders by mall attended to.
BUY a brand new typewriter for $5 down and $3
Kr month; write for catalogue and price
TYPEWRITER EXCHANGE. 40? California
St.; rentals, new machines. T3 per month.
A— BUYS, sells or rents gear machinery, en-
jrvHiv e gi^: c 21 6 p^e a r h B a t f . t!Ds - puue3 - s -
6 *H£ RSE Golden Qa te gas or gasoline engine.
1150; can be seen running at 623 Golden
Cate ave.
WATER-POWER shake- mill at a bargain ; fln»
chance for winter's business; term* easy or
exchange, M. GRIFFIN. 713 Market, nr. Call.
BILLIARD table, balls, cues and rack, com-
Pl«t«: dirt cheap. BENJ. CURTAZ & SON.
16 O'Farrell st.
F J, N E suit. JIO: dress pants. $2 75. MISFIT
CLOTHING PARLORS. 437 Montgomery at.
A— $3 50 DERBY and Fedora hats. $1 75. Popu-
lar Prica Hatters. 230 Kearny st., near Pine.
A— 100 HORSEPOWER engine, boiler, two-drill
air compressors. JARDINE'S. 220 Fremont st.
: EEAUTIKUL pair diamond screws for $10;
worth $30. UNCLE HARRIS, 15 Grant ave.
FIRST-CLASS second-hand modem engines and
boilers bought and sold. KROGH Mfg. Co.
200-LIGHT dynamo, engrlne and boiler, com-
plete; cheap. 11. 8. WHITE. 618 Mission st.
WILL rent full dress Tuxedo or Prince Albert
suits for $2 50. Portland Loan Office. 25 Stktn.
SAFES— New and second hand. THE HER^
MANN SAFE CO.. 417-423 Sacramento st.
PORTABLE engines, boilers; iron and wood
planers, lathes: 2d hand. J. Burke. 133 Beale.
MAGIC lanterns, new and 2d hand; movlngr
pictures. BULLARD & BRECK. 131 Post St.
10-TON Fairbanks scale and flra and burglar
proof safe. 216 California st.
2D-HAND photographic and made lantern out-
flts bought, sold, exchanged. 109 Montgomery.
SAFES— New and second hand; all sizes. THE
WALTZ SAFE. 109-111 Market st.. San Fran.
MISCELLANEOUS WASTS.
WANTED— To buy. a set of ship's carpenter
tools in good condition. Apply at 2»Vi Clara.
WE are paying for dry rabbit and Belgian
hare skins T'.^c to 8>-ic per lb. HERMAN
WAL-DECK CO.. 3S Clay st.
A— CLOTHING, sealskins. Jewelry, etc.. bought ;
will call. L. Bros.. 25 Stktn; phone Black 1201.
GOOD duck dog, well broken. Box 3603k Call
office.
WANTED — Upright clano for cash. H. !„
WHITEIIEAD. 1710 Market st.
LADIES' and gents'cast-o.T clothln* bought &
sold. Sllverman. 9S4 Folsom; tel.. Folsom, 1191.
KLEIN still paj-3 best price for clothing, bric-
a-brac and books. 109 Sixth st. ; tel. Jessie 141.
| M ti\ K IV TO LOAN.
ANY amount on furniture, pi anosV" without re^
rr.oval. or any other good security; payable
back in installments or as a whole; If you
owe a balance on the purchase price we will
pay It and carry the loan as Ions as you de-
elre; avoid red tape and publicity; see us
first; you will be waited upon quietly and
quickly. Call 63-69 Donohoe blilg.. 1170 Market.
AA — liEST rates and easiest terms.
Second Mortgages
Interests in Estates „
Undivided Interests in Real Estate
Financial problems of all sorts and sizes
solved by HERMAN MURPHY. 630 Markat sL
A— MONEY to loan at rates which people can
afford to pay on furniture, pianos, etc.; do
not borrow of your friends or you will lose
their friendship; do business with strangers
and you will be better satisfied ; no delay; no
publicity. Rooms 9 and 10. M6 Market st.
ANY amount at 6 per cent: 1st. 2d and 3d mort-
rage*. undivided Interest, real estate in pro-
bate; mortgages and legacies bought; no de-
lay; get my terma before doing business else-
where. R. McCOLGAN. 24 Montgomery, r. 3.
ANY proposition, any omount; S per cent; £rat.
: second mortgages, estates In probate, interest
In estates, legacies, corporation loans, chattel
mortgages, life insurance. Room 16. first floor.
Chronicle building. HALLORAN & OLSEN.
HIGHLY respectable, private place to obtain
liberal advances on diamonds. Jewelry at low-
est rates. Baldwin Jewelry Store. 84S Market
St.; tel. Main 1644. Branch 1» Third st.
A— $500,000 ON city and country real estate and
estates; chattel mortgages; notes and coi-
laterals. J. BROWNSTONE. 11 Montgomery.
MOST reliable place to borrow on diamonds,
watches, Jewelry. W. J. HESTHAL. 10 Sixth;
highest price tor old gold, silver, diamonds.
AT 126 Keamy st.. room 9. respectable, private
place to borrow on watches, diamonds; lowest
rates: take elevator. Telephone Davis 995.
! ANY amount by private party on furnltui* and
pianos; no removal; low rates; confidential.
BONELLI. 301 Jones St.. corner Eddy.
WHY pay rent? We loan money to build with-
email monthly payments. HOME BUILDINO
COMPANY. 22! Sansome st.. room 2.
AUSTIN'S Salary Loan Co.. 366 Parrott build-
ing: men can secure leans on personal not»V
MONEY loaned salaried people without security
HILL, rm. 44. Merchants' »Ex.. 431 Callforn la.
PRIVATE party on furniture and pianos; 3 per
cent: no removal; no commls'n. 6 Eddy, r. SI.
TO salaried people without security; all busl-
ness confidential. Tousley Co.. 321 Parrott bls-
MONEY to loan on furniture by private party
low rate. 917 Market St.. room 1.
ON furniture and pianos: no removal: confl-
dentlal; on diamonds, etc. 32 Taylor st.
CASH loaned to salaried people on note wlthou*
lndorscr. MORRELL. tiC9 Examiner building.
TO salaried people without collateral or In-
dnrser. S. F. Discount Agpncy. 141 Phelan big.
MONEY WANTED.
¦WANTED—To borrow, SUOO; 6 per cent per an*
num; real estate security, nox 3. Call office.
MIJSICAI^IXSTttfMUM'S. '' Ti.
WE have a new lot of interchangeable tune
Olympia music boxes, playtng 15 tunes with-
out stopping. They are the best thing of th©
kind ever offered. HAUVAIS MUSIC CO
769 Market st. : '* - - ' ¦ ¦''
WE want you to call and see the bargains w«
have. Fine second-hand pianos for $100 Ji'fl i <
j $?00 to $S*0. All pianos sold on easy pay-
i ments If you desire, and you can at any time
i exchange for a new Decker & Son. *"•"""
BY a special arrangement with the manufac-
turers we are now enabled to give U tunes
with each Olympia music box sold by us
JuTca! 7^^rSet%e^ !^^f
I t0 »ave storage. Room 21. Flood building.
i P *a*nT^,?HL n £ . York must sacrifice ele-
| gant upright grand piano. 33» Turk s.t
•grass a^a^^r
HELP -WANTED—MALE.
A— MURRAY & READY Phons Main 5S4S
Leading Employment and Labor Agents.
WANT 7 A. M. TO-DAT
Timber man for mine
Carpenters, city J3 50 day
Carpenters, bridge and trestle work.JiO and fd
Wagon-makers and woodworkers J2 50 day
Turner and band sawyerN Blacksmiths
Band sawyer and flier Tank cooper
6 stablemen and buggy washers, city and
country $30 and J35 and found, and JSO
25 farm, orchard and vineyard hands.
Milkers and butter-makers $30 and found
40 laborers and teamsters SI 75 to $2 day
Milker and wife Farmers and wives
150 tlemakcrs 10c, lie, 12c and 13c each
160 woodchoppers, 73c to J3 per cord, tools,
cablr.s and provisions furnished
FOR THE MINES ••
IS la borers no experience necessary, $3t and
found; laborers for the furnace. $1 75 day.
MURRAY & READY. 634-636 Clay «t.
A-COOK and wife for a small mine. $« and
found; experienced man for delicatessen store.
$45 and found VS""X
15 cooks $30, $40 and $45 and found
Eakera and helpers Laundry help
Butchers Waiters Coatmaker
MURRAY & READY. 634-6S6 Clay St.
A WANTED
Coal miners
Coal miners
Coal miners
For New Mexico
Free Fare Free Fare Free* Fare
can be seen at
our office all day -
Start to-morrow
Best of Wages -•••
C. R. HANSEN & CO 10* O^ary St.
AT C. R. HANSEN & CO.'S 104 Geary st.
RAILROAD WORK.
60 teamsters, R. R. work, Nevada.... $3 a day
6 stone maeons, R.R. work Nevada.$350 a day
Free Fare ....Ship dally Free Far»
6 carpenters ;••** a <***
Tinsmith *2 50 a day
8 Ingersoll drillers -W * day
8 atablemen ;^:;~;.:~"' $3t> to * o()
HOTEL DEPARTMENT.
Second cook $40, third cook $30, same country
hotel; 3 second cooks and broilers, $30 to $80;
dishwashers, kitchen hands, etc.
C. R. HANSEN' & CO 104 Geary Bt.
AN office boy who knows tho city for this of-
fice. C. R. HANSEN & CO., 104 Geary st.
A WANTEI>-Fariner and wife, Bhort dis-
tance $40; farmer and wife with a child, $30
to $33; plow. hands. $20: young German to wait
and tend bar, $20 and found; 4 woodchoppers,
4-foot red and pine wood, 80c and $1 cord;
ofllce boy for wholesale house, $3 60 a week.
W. D. EWER & CO.. 610 Clay st.
A— 6 CARPENTERS. 20 cabinetmakers. 10
bench hands, 2 sash and door men. sharer
and band sawyer, sticker hand. Mechanics'
Registration Bureau, 410 Kearny st.. room 9;
non-union mechanics please register; new
Jobs daily; no office fees.
ITALIAN LABOR SUPPLY CO
24 MONTGOMERY AVE
Furnish mechanics, miners
Rallrcad men, ranch hands
and woodchoppers at short notice
BARBERS' Progressive Union— Free employ-
ment. H. Bernard. Sec. 104 7th: tel. Jessie 152. I
WANTED— A first-class carriage blacksmith,
must understand woodwork: steady Job year
round: unmarried preferred. Apply 265 Ste-
venson St., city, or Bay View Carriage Fac-
tory. San Rafael.
WANTED— Cook for small boarding house, and
good barber for same place,: one who under-
stands a little of bar preferred. Call at 103
Powell st., between 1 and 2 p. m.
WANTED— Boy in an Insurance office about 14
years old: must be graduate grammar school.
Address box 13. Call office.
WANTED— A waiter for regular boardlng-
house. Hofman House. Harbor View, oppo-
site Fulton Iron Works.
"WANTED— Barber Saturday and Sunday: J5.
1322 Stockton st.
BARBER for Saturday; wages t3. 69 Third St.
TWO barbers for Saturday at 1211 Market St.;
wages.
COATMAKER for country. Apply REISS
BROS.. 24 Sutter St.
WANTED— Good barkeeper; good references;
good pay. Zi East St.. city.
WANTED— Choreman. Jefferson Hotel. Harbor
View.
FEEDER for Gordon press. T. J. DAVIS, 623
Market st, room 18.
WANTED— A good bedmaker. 32 East St.,
Dewey House.
WANTED— Strong boy. 174 Townsend st.
DISHWASHER wanted. 359 Hayes St.
WAGON woodworker wanted. 637 Brannan rt.
ELDERLY man to do chores around bakery.
1139 Folsom Bt.
ALL sizes men's shoes, slightly damaged, half
:rlce. C62 Mission St.. bet. 1st and 2d its.
DISHWASHER wanted. 1522 Kentucky st.
WANTED — Superintendent for sawmill and gen-
eral work connected with lumber business;
must be thoroughly competent, conversant
with all the details of lumber trade and cap-
able of managing a large business; none but
practical men with large experience and flrst-
class references need apply. Address, giving
experience, galary expected, X Y Z, box ZS31,
Call of flee; ail communications confidential.
WANTED— A place to stop for the winter— This
can be found at the Adams House. 519 Sacra-
mento Ft., near Montgomery; one of the few
respectable houses where countrymen coming
to the city can find nice, clean, cheap, well-
ventllated rooms. A. McCREERY, Prop.
WANTED— A good sticker hand; San Francisco
manufacturing establishment: steady em-
ployment and good pay to right man. Box
4107. Call office.
PENSIONS— J. H. Shepard & Co.. old, reliable
firm, SOS Market, rm. 40, Phelan bldg.: pen-
sion vouchers executed. 25c; advice free.
FIRST-CLASS bushelman for Los Angeles: $83
per month salary. ALFRED LILIENFELD
£08 Market st.
SHIPPING clerk: one experienced In furniture
business. Apply The J. Xoonan Furniture
Co., 1021 Mission Et.
GET your shoes half-soled while waiting; 23c
to BOc. GG2 Mission St., bet. 1st and 2d sts.
WANTED — Smart boy; 14 to IS years old: must
be good penman. Address Silks, box 27S3, Call.
WANTED— A boy 16 yenrs old to learn to make
cigars; wages. 25 Sixth st.
SHOEMAKER wanted for ccjuntry- Inquire
209 Mason st.
CARRIAGE painters wanted. J504 Folsom st.
EXPERIENCED Jewelry salesman; state refer-
ences. Address box 6. Call ofnee.
WANTED — 100 men to take rooms. 10c, 15o and
20c. Doston House, 930 Howard st.
EHOPROOM for tailors at 927 Market St., room
721.
2-CHAIR barber shop and cljrar stand: 'Western
Add. Inquire DECKELMAN BROS., 106 Ellis.
SAILORS, ordinary seamen and green hands;
all parts of world. HERMAN'S, 26 Steuart.
MEN and women to learn barber trade. S. F.
BARBER COLLEGE, 741 A Howard st.
WINCHESTER House, 44 Third st., near Mar-
ket; "CO rooms, 23c night: reading-rooms; free
'bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
oubscrlptions has been established at 1C96 Va-
lencia 5t.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call ttranch office. 220O Fillmore st.
HEMORRHOIDS.
PILES— SOO cures business men in San Fran-
cisco; can be seen; no operation; no pain; par-
ticulars sent. Ad. Physician, box 1950. Call.
HORSES. L1V13 STOCK. Ktc— For Sale
40 HORSES for sale; also wagons, buggies
carts, harness. Grand Arcade Horse Market
827 Sixth St.; auction Bales every Wednesday
SULLIVAN & DOYLE. Auctioneers.
FEED Manhattan food; keeps horses, cows
poultry and dogs healthy. 1233 Folsom St., S.F.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The Weekly Call
IS paces. In wrapper, for mnlllne. $1 per y*arl
HOUSES TO LET.
A^Rljn^FTJi??^!^^
cular. G. H. UMBSEN & CO.. 14 Montgomery.
IIVI'AOTISM. ¦
PROF. DILLON. con^rd7r7d^Vrtre"pTeTs'''a'n" 1 i
public as America's greatest hypnotist-
trachea hypnotism scientifically in class or
private; all nervous diseases and bad hnhlts
!24 CC O f F™ll C st? d Without the use ot drugs.
COMPLETE course instructions and diploma.
6 lessons. $o: cigarette and other bad habui
cured. PROFESSOR E. W. RAYMOND 997
Market st. : hours 2 to S daily. \
LOST AXD l'-UUM). ~~
LOS J~; A WMbtx* w "h the Hibernia Savinrs
and Loan Society of San Francisco inthS
r.ame of MURCY B. WADDELL No 201 19<L
The will please return to bank. Oct£
S^l"
L °sfH-0 A w a b rd n^r; O rew C a?d h |r6. *"*" muro »
7£ c LTL n: on Market -v.
MUSICAL. IXSTRUMESTS. ]
ALL purchasers of pianos at Byron "Mauay's
have the privilege of exchanging for one of
the celebrated Sohnr.er Pianos, or one of our
¦ -Byron Maury Pianos, any time, within four
years, full purchase price being allowed. Oar
rent plan has been the best offered to the
public for the past three years. A 'large size
beautifully finished, full-toned pianOi with
stool and cover, warranted for five years, for
T2io. f6 cash and IS per month. This 13 not a
chf-ap piano, full value, being given for every
dollar crent. RTRON MAUZT. Sole Azsr.t
Sohmer & Co.. Uyron Mauzy. Gabler. Soell-
man and Hamilton Pianos. 80S, 310. 312 Post.
A hV . P" r =hasers of pianos at SHERMAN.
CL.W & co.-s have thfr privilege of ex-
changing for a STEIXWAT any time wlth'.n
tnree years and full purchase price allow«<l:
tn« best makers of every trad-, to select from;
beautiful new uprishts $5 cash.' |S per month;
c°Ji?« l VJ oa P' anos for *3- U and $5 per month.
' ?£H lMAN> CLAV * co - STETXWAY
1JKAI.EIJ.S. corner Keamy and Sutter sts..
! ' an Francisco; corner Broadway and Thir-
teecth sts.. Oakland.
AFSOLI-TELT the oldest and Unrest houna
west of Chicago ia KOIILER & CHASE'3. 2d.
-S ami O-'Kam-ll st, ; pianos, organ* and
ail other musical instruments of all grade*
a iTi *> TiCfk *- ferms easy; prices lowest: every-
ifiiPR possible done to please" ami satisfy the
_ customer.
VIOLIN strings; never wet; best In the world:
making and repairing of all kinds of musical
Instruments. Carl C. Anderson, 417 Geary st.
S V^?, I i IOR rto!I ns. ilthem. old and new. H.
MILLER, maker, repairer. 2 Latham place.
ELEGANT Sohmer upright. r0 od aa new. and
_ other great bargains. BRTJENX, 203 Post st.
FINE 3-re(5al upright piano: sacrificed on ac-
count ot sickness. 907 McAllister at.
A cleaning out of pianos for storage; dirt cheap;
installments. Wilson's Storage. 1710 Market.
AT KEEFFE'S. 833 Market St.. 4 elegant up-
rivhts at your own price. Shonlnger agency.
A BAP.GAIN; must be sold; nice upright piano.
SCHMITZ. 16 McAllister St.. next Hib. Bank.
HIGH-GRADE pianos; Steck. Hardman. Con-
over & others. W. B. ALLEN & CO.. 314 Post.
CHEAPEST and best In America— The Weekly
Call. IS pages, sent to any address In th«
Unltofl States or Canada one year for II.
_gyFICi:SA>P STORES TO LET.
EMm"a SPRECKELS buildln?, 927 Market »t—
Light sunny offices. 113 to 120 per month, with
light, heat. Janitor and use ot phone.
NEV* store: offices upstairs; separate entrance;
cheap. 621 Merchant St.. near Hall a£ Justice.
2nx12.*> FTRST loft; STxSft second loft. 573 and
5S7 Mission tt..opp. Wells-Fargo'a building.
LARGE elegant store and basement. 193 Va-
Icncla St.. near 21st; business center. ¦ ' . ¦
OIL.
OIL STOCKS. "~~~ ' • . •¦ ¦ ¦ ¦'.''¦-¦ ¦"-¦
Bachelors , ......................it
Monarch, Sunset district.. ....„.....«..,._.. 40
Gray Gander. Kern River ............... 23
Othlr ¦ i .- mYi if 11 £1
Tnree States ......«.........*.. CS
Lone Star OS
PORTER & CKENET. .
Member of Producers' Oil Exchange. :-
Stocks, bonds and securities bought and sold.
S30 California st.
JOSEPH B. TOPLITZ. K0 Pine street.
MEMBER PRODUCERS' OIL EXCHANGE.
Country correspondence aollcited.
OIL LAMJS roil SALE.
PROVEN ell tends In the Kern River field
for sale: no stock preposition; no wildcat,
scheme; this Is sure territory In the largest
and best known field tn Cali'^rnla. If you
want to form a company buy good land on
the line of the railroad. NEV.-TON. CARMAN
& SOMES. S. C. MASON, agent. II Mont-
gomery st. ¦
J'ALMISTnV.
H. JEROME FOESELLI, scientific palmist. 515
Taylor St.. bet. tl-ary anj Post; tel. Black, 561.
MME. NEERGAARD. 700 Post: teU Hyde 293*:
hours 1 to 5. eve., inri S'ind »y by appointm-»r»?.
pate.vis^a>d^pi:nsions.
ADVICE free: no charge unless successful.
GEO. D. CAMPBELL. Lawyer. Examiner b!<.
risnso.YALs.
WANTED— Infcrn-.atl&n concerning C^ A. AN-
DERSON, deceased; died ilayl», 130O;. was a
native of Lln'.holmen. Sweden, and souonuV
officer of a coaster. Address box 2712 r Call,
ilP.S. ANNIE GP.EEN and MR. EDD ERIK^
SON. Dlea># s^nd r-ostal card address to O.
II.. Capitol House. C37 Sacfam«nt(> st. ¦
GREAT barjraina in hair ornament* ccmh?.
etc.; switch*»a, }1 up; coma in: U>« latest hair
styles only I^c. G. LIIDERER, iZS Stockton.
PRIVATE detective work; reasonable rates: 10
. years' experience. J. B. RAY, K7 Jessie st.
SCIENTIFIC marjase treatment by trair.t-J
mate nurse from the East. ZZi O'Farrell st.
MATTRESSES AND PILLOWS— Tel. South 702 ;
made to order; rcn«vated: honest work i?uar-
asteed; feathers and hair clfarsed; upho'-
stered furnitur* r'.canlnir a specialty; fin* up-
holstery- HOPKE KROs!.. 31S and 220 11th st.
KLECTRIC l'cnts in every room — Winchester
Hotel. 41 Third St.. near Market: 7CO rooms;
'23c to |1 50 per night; fl 50 to JO per week;
free 'tU3 and bagsage to and from the fprry.
1OIS ADA. wonderful gifted healer. 1104 Mart
ket. r. 3. 4. cures spinal trouble, rheumatism,
blindness. pora!j-?i3 and all nervous diseases.
CONSTIPATION-Posltive cure by means of
the Dllatcr er Marvelous Blood Circulator; no
drug* or nryllcfne. 982 fJeary; consult free.
HYGIENIC medicine: acrute and chronic In-
. valids cured and taught how to keep well.
DR. J. HERBERT REEVE, 25^ Keamy it.
SUITS to order en Inrtallments^ 113 upward: Jl
a week. LEON LEMOS. 1117 Markat »t.. be-
tween Seventh and Eighth. . ...
DR. LAMOTTE'S French Com Paint, the best
corn cure; 25c. all. druggists. .:¦ '.:.."•¦
I.EDERF.R'3 Foamo SHAMPOO, 5c pkg: cant
<Jo without It; halrdress'.ng. 25c. 122 Stockton.
EUT your coal of LAXGE & GOFT*. successors
to W. H. Wiseman, 1711 SactQ. ; tel. Sutter 2773.
ELECTROLYSIS destroys superfluous hair
moles; trial free. MISS EATON. U19 Sutter.
LEDERER'S Qulntonicn. hair t tonic at : Lion.
Drug Cov, Market and . Stockton, 35a bottle.
SUITS to order on easy payments. Art Tailor-
Ir.jt Co.. 1614 Mkt.. under St. Nicholas Hotel.
OLD gold, silver, diamonds and precious stones
bought. J. R, JEXKEL..817 Market st; :. -
ALFIIET>UMS Egj-ptlan Hc«nna; restores gray
hair tc Its natural color; <t; at all drtyrgistsw
CHEAPEST and b»st In America— The Weekly
.Call. 16' pages, sent to any address In th»
United States or Canada One year for Jl.
pc?tag» patd. . .. '• - ...•¦•. .-..-¦¦¦ ¦:/
1'IIYSICIAAS AXD SCRGEO.YS.
DR. C. C. O'D0NNEXXr-Ofnc«. and r*s7denc«s
1021XJ. Market St.. between Sixth an<l Seventh.
PnorKRTY AVAXTDD. U : J
WANTED— Lodging-house for cash or ex-
change, fruit and sraln farm, wtth or- wtth-
out - lmDrovements. or exchange farms . for .
home near bay. Apply A. L. WILLET. room
13. 915 Market st. jj. F. ; office hours S to 8.
IlKAL ESTATE— CITV— FOR SALE.
LAST chance; the one wh». makes the highest
bid gets the property on Saturday. What
are those 2 'choice lots worth to youT Sub-,
mlt your bid; the cream of : Richmond lots; ,
west side pf Sixth ave:. between Clement st.
and Point Lobos ave. : caiw oass in front; all
ready to' build on. I can get $1500 on th» lota
at « per cent- flat loan or Installments. W, J.
'GTJXX.. 530. California sU . betweea . Montfora-
. ery and- Kearny. ¦ ' ;' '. ' ¦ : '. ' -•.*.¦'•' ;¦¦¦¦¦'/'¦-'•':'¦'
¦ WANTED— To purchas* In Richmond, a eot-
' tage residence on the north or west side, not.i
beyond Tenth arenae, W. J. : OtJNN. 530
.' Cal 1 f ornla st. . bgt. Montgomery ar.d Kearny.
WANTED— To purchase a small residence: 2 ht
the : family: Mission; Richmond. Western' Ad-
dition or North Beach. ,W.. J, OCXS.; 530.
. Califprnia st., bet. Montgomery and Kearny.
IP you. have welWotated property In. the- Mlt- .
• slen,. either vacant lots rx nice residence, ana
¦ you really want to sell, then call on the under-
. signed. W. J. GUNN. £30: California «C ... ; ' ¦
HAVE you- property In the Potrero or Excelsior
HoTO»st< > td Tract that you want to sell? Thea
: call bn _ W^GUXX. $33 California st. .
MODERN houses built;' lowest price*: plans andi.
' estimates- furnished. .--Campbell. 1147 Mission. .
H E A L JEStATE— COUXTIl Y— For Sale
FORTsa!e~or exchange for city property: 5 acres
' ftrst-clajis' land.- with • improvements. ; near
Mountain View. Santa- Clara : County.. -. Cal..
Inaulveof B, E. Burns, Mountain .View^. Cal,
WRITE J. W. HORN. SJ2 Main st., Petaluma.
• for- free copy- of".- Sonoma ; County" bargains;
new. edition. ' ..'. •: -¦• .'. . " -. ¦¦ ¦'.'¦.'.'¦'• '
CHEAPEST and best in . America-— The Weekly
Call. 18 pases, sent . to any addresi In th»
United State9 or Canada one year for It
IlKAt. KST1TK Tl) E.\CH.i.\Ua v
M GRIFFIN. 713 Market rt.. room 1— Htmdreda
of farms and city property lot exchange or
sate. Full "particular*.: call at. my 'office.-: .--; .
NEW cottage, t rms , bath; lot iOxlCO: Mission:
rental terrri.«i: and vacant Tots. 413. Ke-%rnT «t.
REAL ESTATE AVAXTED.;
I ¦ — ¦- — ' ~- — ¦¦^-^-^ — ~ — . — *~~; — . 1. . ..
A SMALL farm. near, town; no agecta. . Box
; - ss:o.- can ptnz*... ¦: ¦-,; ... , :-: . .-„•" :; -r .-,-. -¦-: --. •The convention will be In session Fri
day and Saturday. Professor David Starr
Jordan will lecture before the teachers in
the theater Saturday evening.
MARYSVILLE. Nov. l.-The ' annual
convention of the Northern California
Teachers' Association convened In this
city at 9:30 thl» morning:. The meeting
was held in the theater and was called to
order by T. S. Reager, president of the
association. After a song by the quartet
Rev. C. J. Chase of. the Methodist Epis
copal church offered a prayer Mayor
Brooks delivered an address, cordlallv
welcoming the teachers to the cltv
President Reager then delivered his an
nual address, which was heartly an
plauded. *
Professor E. P. Cubberly delivered a lec
ture on educational matters, which proved
Interesting and Instructive.
State Superintendent T. J. Kirk spoke
Interestingly on the duties of superintend
ents. Dr. Frederic Burk talked on the
psychology of music. Professor M l
Seymour. Professor R. E. Chase 'and
President Reader also delivered short lee
tures. There are about four hundred
teacher* In attendance and they were
given a grand reception by the citizens
to-night in Hopkins Hall. where a
literary and musical programme was'ren
dered by local talent, concluding with a
bal\tt»a&&£&!ig$smtima&m&imti
Marysvill*.
fornia Called to Order at
Annual Convention of Northern Cali-
TEACHERS IN SESSION.
A E Power. Loi Ang
A Curtner, San Jose
G Weaver. San Jose
C P Shockley. Vallejo
w Chalker. Vallejo
T Burke, valleio
J Foley. Vallejo 1
C Nygara, Vallejo
S Kilbbury. Chicago
J C Hanley. Vallejo
P 6 Morris, Neb
H Dellnger, Oregon
VV A Cowell. Tacoma
S 4 £ ankln * w.Wath
F W Hopg & w, Chlca»
A J Peck. Chicago
P J Lockock, Manila
J R Harrison & fm
Boston
C W Thompson. Portld
H Friedel. Portland
t JV Callcott. Los Ang
J Mayar, San Dlepo
NEW WESTERN HOTEL..
J Kullman. Benlcla
C E Horton, Reno
M F Tarpey, Alameda
W Magulre. Dutch Fit
W H Sollerber*. Cal
A B Alexander, USA
W L Ashe. Cal
A Chrlsteson, w Ad, Cal
W J Ehuba, Cal
L H Pontius, Seattl«
E R fihlnk. Sacto
H Nordhelm. Dawpon
P Marley & w. Nebr
D B Jewell. Chicago
J H Hurd & w. Salt L
Mr de Wissoo. Paris
A G Lewes. Denver
Mrs Diffcnbach. L Ang
Mrs Samuels, Mayfleld
G Armstrong, L Ang
Dr H C Allen &. w, Cal
J L For8jth. Ohio
H Stephenson & w, Or
E L Whitelaw. Cal
H H Younir, Sacto
H Bradley, Portland
S E Vermilyea, Cal
F Barenchl, Vallejo
Mis* Barenchl. Valli-Jo
8 Christian, Willows
J w Morton. L Ang
R Cllne & w, L An*
R Lawsen. Stockton
J H Smith. Stockton
H A Fairbank, Sacto
W F Knox. Sacto
A Agnayo, Reno
W P Henry. St Louli
L W Le Loeden. N V
R Bcherassy, Fresno
J J Hebbron. Salinas
F Jones & w. S Clara
F P Foffsr, Boston
M A Brunner, X Y
G Sawyer, Big Plna
GRAND HOTEL.
PALACE HOTEL
E F Swan. New York
M Simons, Xew York
~Z Rose & w. N»w York
Z L Lilden. Boston
F B Ross, England
P B Rofs. England
M French A- w. Utah
Miss French. Iowa
3 N Thompson. Japan
vV A Irwln & w. II I
Mies H Irwln. H I
F H Henrj-. Alaska
I P Rogers, Alaska
S Roeene. Seattle
A. Ilanfleld. Seattle
Stewart & w. Seattle
U' c Ward, London
A. K Sims, Chicago
R L Fulton. Reno
F \V Stephenson. Oalcd
VV XV Chapen. Sacto-
I T Noble, Ocden
C Weir, Los Ancelea
E W Lef nard, Chgo
A II Bailey, Cleveland
R Y Slater. Wash
D B I»w« A w. Nome
F de C Sullivan. N Y
Mrs Sullivan. N Y
A F Hill. St Louis
J B Gllderaleve. Etanfl
J Alameda. Mexico
Mrs Alameda. Mexico
J W BUlinK, Hamburg
J F Packard. Hamburff
D Stark. N«w York
Dr Reutileu. Sutter Cr
Mrs L A Terrj*. SactO
Miss L. Terry, Kacto
F F Bradley, Stanford
J R Chase, Stanford
H Doyle. San Mateo
Mrs Doyle. San Mateo
H Trehome. Kngland
W Smith. Hongkong
J w Young, Chicaco
P Latham, France
J Kiener, France
F R Cairj. Chicago
C F Price, Kentucky
Mrs- Price. Kentucky
C Price, Kentucky
W BaumKarten, N Y
V Chirol. London
A G Neweal. UBS
C R Ellison. Chicago
Mrs milson, Chicago
J B Dickgon. N Y
J D Barrett. N Y
HOTEL ARRIVALS.
ship; ?20.
Samuel Wakeham to Eugenia Ongerth. eame;
120. . ¦
G. J. and E. Laura. Miller to W. J. Mortimer
lot on S line of Cedar street, 125 E of Euclid
avenue,* B 100 by S 124.26, lots 8 and 8, block
13, Daley'! Scenic Park. Berkeley; $W.
Antonio and Rosa Rlzzuto to William O.
May, lot on S lin» of > Delaware street, 60:S W
of Hamilton or McGee. W 40 by S 99:9. portion
of range 9. Hardy Tract. Berkeley; Jio.
Isaac I* and Ella J. Saxton to Henry A.
rieitr.er. lot 7, block tl. on map of C. C. Clay's
subdivision of block .72. and fractional blocks
7ii 734. 747. 751 to 754 and 776, Levy & Lane
Tract. Brooklyn Township; $10.
Margaret Ryder to John J. Ryder, lot 5, block
B on amended map otresubdl vision of Halght
Tract. Alameda: sift, f
Lucia E. and Albert L. Smith to Julia B.
Chadwick. lot on NW corner of West Tenth
and Linden streets, W 3a by N 100, belne; th«
K 35 feet of lot* 13 nnd. 20 on map of Adeline
Homestead Xo. 1 and portion of block 565,
IMirdman's map, Oakland; $10.
Mary A. and A. V. Tuohy to John Tuohy. all
of block F. lots 3 to 8, 11 to 1«, block G. lots 1
to 4, 14 to 19. block H, on map of Tunny's Sec
ond Addition to Berkeley, Oakland Township;
no.
George 8. Montgomery to Charles Dyke, un
divided 6-42 Interest In lot on the SE corner of
Twenty-eighth and Chestnut streets, E 38 :S by
S 100, block 652. Boardman's Map, Oakland; JlO.
William F. and Mary L. James (his wife)
and Edward A. and Ada H. James (his wife)
to sa,me. undivided Interest In same; $10.
Mrs. John Bell to same, undivided 3-42 Inter
terest in same; JIO.
Allda W. Bell to same, undivided 12-42 inter
est In same: $10.
J. W. G. ' Cof ran to same. " undivided 4-42
Interest in same; $10.
Ella Jefferson to same, undivided 3-42 interest
in same: |10. ¦ •
W. S. and Helen M. Merriam (his wife) and
James B. and Susie R,. Merriam (his wife) to
George T." Hawley, lot on SE corner of Prospect
avenue and Sprui-e street, E 110 by S 60, lot 7,
In plat IS. amtnded map of Lako View (subject
to a mortgage for $3000, East . Oakland:
«!sn lot on 'K- line of Union street. ¦ 133:8 Sot
Twenty-eighth. S 25 by E 133:3, being lot 6,
block 649 (subject to a mortgage for J150), Oak
land: $10. .:¦-.',"-'
Charles A. and Alice C. Bailey, to L. A:
Canepa, lot on E line of Eighth street. 114.75 S
of Channlng way. S 43.88. E 13rt. N S6.04. _W 130
to beginning, lot 30 and portion of lot Jl. block
186. corrected map of A very Tract. Berkeley; $5.
Stephen A., Nettie. Mlnni* and Henry • W.
Norman to Mlnnl«'C. -Farnum.-lots 19 and.M,
map of Fruitvale Cottage Home Tract, Brook
lyn Township;. }1O.
Thomas G. and Sarah J. Taylor to Henry
Sahleln. lot on SE corner of Polk and Austin
streets, S €0, E S8:8, N 7:I0«i, E 81:4, X 52-0*;
W 120. subject to party walls; 110.
Antoinette C. Stohlmann to Carl F. W\, An
ton H. G. and Autiirt H. E. Stohlmann, Car
oline J. S. Haake and Emill« M. L. Schmidt,
lot on SW corner of Ftllmore street and Ger
mania avenue. S 4S by W $1:3; gift.
Edwin W. Jacobs to Arthur Jacobs, W. A.
block 6S4. bounded by Hayes. Cole. Fell and
Clayton streets; $1.
William S. Gage to Hattle Gape Mann (wife
of C. M.). lot on N line of Washington street.
137:6 W of Walnut, W 50 by X 127:8H; *1.
Abby Walsh to William Walsh, lot on W line
of Lexlncton avenue, 135 N of Nineteenth
street. N S3 by W 80: grift.
American Surety Company of New Tork to
Catherine E. Chessman, lot on SB line of Mar
ket street. 120 SW of Fourteenth, SW 3r3'i
S «l:S*i. E 94, X\V 10*: also lot on SE line of
Market street. 106 SW of Church. SW 60 by SE
Rudoloh Riepen to Anna M. A. Riepen, lot
on S line of Day street, J25 E of Dolores, E 25
by S 114; gift.
Amy Ehninger to Hlberaia Savings and Loan
Societi-. lot on S line of Twenty-fifth street.
2» \V of nolores, W 33:5 by S 114; |10.
Catherine Kamps to Henrietta Stewart, lot on
S line of Clipper street, 133:4 E of Xoe, B 21*5
by S 114; J1700.
Jeremiah Sullivan to Hannah Sullivan, lot or.
N line of Natoma street, 125 E of Sixth. E 25
by N SO: tlfon.
Richard and Alice O'Neill to John Center
lot on S line of Sixteenth (Center) street), 50
E of Vermont, E 50 by S 1&0; also lot on E
line of Vermont street. 150 S of Sixteenth (Cen
ter). S CO by E 100; J10.
James Nixon to James and Barbara Dundas.
lot on E line of Thirteenth avenue. 175 X of
M str^t. X 25 by E 120; J10.
Samuel Davis to , George E. Bates lots 42**
«4. 427 to 431, Gift Map 3; J10.
Tl'orna* D.. James K.. John K. and Emma
F. Bulger to Mary A. Bulger, lots 1 to o,
Sunnyvale Homestead; ?IO.
IJtnry F. and Clara H. Blanchet to Hiram
F. Kelly, lot on W line of Ware street. 100:4W
N of San Uruno avenue, N 25, W 94:5lj SE
30:6*i, E 76. lot 2. block 7. Garden Tract Home
strad Addition; tlO.
Lina Benz (Stoffel) to John Pforr, lot on X
line of Marshall street, 100 W of Craut W 60
by N 110. lot 13. block 3. College Homestead
also lot on N line of Marshall street 200 E
of ConKdon, E 100 by X 110. lots 19 and 20
block 12, College Homestead Association; also
lot en S line of Marshall street, 2S1:U E of
MlfFinn and 257:lVi from present E line of
Mission, E SO. S 1S9:2. W 30:1. N 1S68 lot
11. block 4, !>ame; also lot on S line of Marshall
street, 300 E of Conffdon, S no by E 60 lot
8, block 13. same; 919. .
Odd Fellows' Cemetery Association to Xleh
olaa Muller. lot %, pi at 6. Omega Section Odd
Fellows Cemetery; $275.
Alameda County.
Augusta M. Palmer to Hattie Dewing (wife
Of M. S.). lots 4 and 5. block A. Gartlll Tract
Oakland (quitclaim deed); J5.
liattie and M. si. D«wlng to Mary J Oraln
ccr. same; J10.
Francis A. Draun (administrator of the es
tate of Corlnne M. Braun) to Christopher A
Mulvey. all Interest in lot on E line of Frank
lin street. 25:1 N of Fifth, N 24:9 by E 75 be
ing: the N 24:9 feet of lot 2. block -65. Oakland-
J1M0.
Mary Moss Cantln, formerly Mary Mo^s
Pelge (wife of W. B.),. to same, same (quit
claim deed): 110.
Richard . and Elizabeth Evans to Salvation
Army (corporation of New York), lot on S line
of Nli:th street, 75 E of Clay. E 40 by S 100
Jot 9 and portion of lot 10, block 90, Kellers
bcrger's map, Oakland dubject to a mortgage
for J5C00); HO. - "* *
Mountain View Cemetery Association to Sam
uel Wakeham, the SE portion of lot 130 In plat
40, Mountain View Cemetery, Oakland Town-
REAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
The German Emhassador at Paris has
lodfced a formal complaint agralnst the
conduct of thf» . French Thirty-seventh.
Resiment of the lin<?. who. it is stated,
durintc the recent maneuvers dellbTately
crossed the Gftman frontier and: wrote ln-
Bultinjr remarks on the frontier posta. , /
• . Time Ball. V.
Branch Hydrographic . Of flc», TJ7 S. N-. Mrr
. ehants r Exchange. San Francisco. Cal..
November l r 1900. .
•' The time ball on the tower of fh« new Ferry
bclMInc was dropped at exactly noon to-day —
1. •.. at nooa of the 120th meridian, or at %
o'clock r.m., Greenwich time.
'•¦¦• .-¦¦':¦ : C G. CALKTX3*
Lieutenant Commander. I'. S, X.. In charge-.
¦ NOTE— In the above exposition o f th* tides
th« *arly morning tides are gtven In th<» ' l?ft"
har.d column and the successive tidea of th<v
day In th« ord*r of occurrence, as to ttrtt* of
day.' th« third time column the third fl,ie an<t
the last or right hand column . ttlvosi the la*t
t!de of the day, except when there are but
three tide*, as sometimes occurs. Th« height,*
rtven are in addition to the soundings on the
United States Coast Survey charts, except
when, a minus slim < — > precedes the heleht. ani
then, the number Riven Is subtracted from th«
depth given by the charts. The pjane nf refer
ence- is the mean of the lower low waters. ¦•'•. '.
Sun rises ...................................... .*:K
Sun sets .....;;..,.,.;.,.. .,.....,_........... ..SMO
Moon s«ta :.......;.;.„.„.,... ....l:2g a. m.
Steamer Movements.
TO ARRIVE.
Ship Isaac Reed. Holmquist. S«attls.
Nlc bark J C Pfittger. Cameron. Sydney.'
Fr bark Touralne, Gulllon. Queenstowa.
Brijr W G Irwin. Genereaux, Honolulu. :
Schr Nettle SundborB. Larsen, Flsks M11L
TELEGRAPHIC.
POINT LOBOS. Nov 1. 10 p m— Weather
thick; wind SW. velocity 6 miles.
SPOKEN'. . :
Sept 29, lat 24 N. Ion 3S W— Br ship Creed
more, from Chemainus, for Queenstown-, via
MISCELLANEOUS.
LOXDOX, N'ov 1— Br ship Xlle, at IJTerpool
Oct 29, from San Francisco May 23. report*
having encountered boisterous weather durlnsr
the voyage. July 13 a seaman and boatswain
were drowned. Vessel sustained sundry dam
ages. _, •
LONDOX. Xov 1— Ger stmr Eva, from Ore
gon, for Vladivostok and Hongkong, has be»n
lost at sea. . .
DOMESTIC PORT8.
SEATTLE-— Sailed Oct 31— Schr Fr«d E- San
der, for San Pedro. ¦ • ¦ '
Sailed Nov 1— Stinr South Portland, for Quar
termaster Harbor; ship Oriental, for San Fran-
ArrM-ed Nov 1— Stmr Farallon. from Skadar-
GRAYS HARBOR— Arrived Nov 1— Stmr Sig
nal, from Seattle. - -
PORT LOS ANGELES— Sailed Nov 1— Stmr
San Mateo. for Nanalmo. . -
NEAH BAY— Sailed Oct 30. at 10 P m— Btmr
Humboldt, for San Francisco;
Passed In N'ov 1— Br stmr Warfleld, hence
Oct 29. for Chemalnus; Br ship British Isles,
from Callao. • - • •¦
Passed out Nov 1— Br bark Antlope. for Ka
isAN DIEGO— Arrived Nov 1— Stmrs Iowa, .and
Philadelphia, from Santa Barbara; stmr
Lakme. from San Pedro. ¦ . _,
ASTORIA— Arrived Nov 1— Stmr Geor*e w
Elder, hence- Oct 30; Br stmr Buckingham, from
Puret Sound. . . ¦ • _ . ,
PORT TOWN'SEND— Sailed N'ov 1— Br ship
City of Hankow, for ?• • : . '
Arrived N'ov 1— Schr Annie M Campbell, from
Honolulu.
GRAYS HARBOR— Arrived Nov 1— Stmr Slr
nal, from Seattle. ¦ ':**«" '¦
PORT LOS ANGELES-Salled Nov 1— Stmr
San Mateo. for N'anaimo. - ¦' .' _
PORT LOS ANGELES— Arrived Xov 1-^tmr.
Alcatras. : - ' ' ¦¦
FOREIGN PORTS. - ¦ ¦ ¦
NEWCASTLE, Aus— Sailed. Oct 31— Chll bktn
Alta. for Honolulu. . ' -¦ .
HONGKONG— Arrived Oct 31— Br Btmr Tar
tar, from Port Townsend. for Vladivostok.
Sailed— Br ship Queen Margaret, for Fart-
a AXTWERP— Arrived . Oct 29— Br ship John
Cooke. from Portland. . .
BRISTOL— Arrived Oct 30— Br bark Charles
Cotesworth. from Tacoma. .. . ¦ ¦ ¦
DUNGENESS— Passed Oct 31— Br shlo Argrus.
from Portland, for . . .¦ ¦ ' ' .'
CARDIFF— Arrived Oct 31— Ger ship Mabel
Riekmers, from Orecon. . .
Sailed Oct 31— Br ship Clan Graham, for San,U
PANAMA— Arrived Oct 1&— Stmr Cltr of Ps-
Tiama, Oct 20— Stmr Barracouta. Oct 22— Stmr
' FALMOUTH-Salled Oct 31— Russ ship Sylfld.
VICTORIA— Arrived Nov 1— Br stmr Aorangl.
from Sydney and Honolulu. - . -. ¦ :
OCEAN' STEAMERS.
XEW YORK— Sailed Xov 1-Stmr IVAqul
talne, for Havre. • ¦
Arrived Oct 31— Stmr Pretoria, from Ber-
m LONDOX— Arrived Oct 31— Stmr Marquette,
from Xew York. ¦
SHIMOXESK-Sailed Oct 31-Stmr .Carmar
thenshire, for San Francisco.
QUEENSTOWN— Sailed Nov 1— Stmr , Ger
manic, from Liverpool, for New York: »tmr
\Vae?land. from Liverpool, for Philadelphia
CHERBOURG— Sailed Xov 1-Stmr Kal3erln
Maria Theresa, from Bremen and Southamp
ton, for New York. '
! LIVERPOOL-Sailed Nov 1-Stmr Ibernla-n.
"ROTTERDAM— Arrived Nov 1— Stmr Amster
dam, from Xew York, via Boulogne.
Sailed Xov 1— Stmr Maasdam, for Boulogne
and New York.
LJZARD— Passed Nov 1— Stmr La Bretawne.
from New York, for Havre. ¦
BOSTON*— Sailed Xov 1— Stmr Sylvania. for
H A id BURG— Arrived Xov 1-Stmr Cap Frlo.
from New York.
F"or New Zealand — 727 bxs apples. <51$S rb»
dried fruit, 40 crs onions, 41 cs canned goods,
1S5 cs salmon; value. $3213.
For Australia— 613 bxs apples. 82W lbs dried
fruit. R00 n>s codfish. 10 crs Incubators. 354 cs
140 pkgs metal polish. t>00 doors; value. $">6s<i.
Shipping Intelligence.
ARRIVED.
, Thursday, November 1.
Stmr Cods Bay, Nopander, 75 hours from
Newport.
Stmr Despatch, Johnson, S<) hours from As
toria.
Stmr Geo Loomls. Bridgets S3 hours from
Ventura.
Stmr Columbia, Dora-n, 64 hours from Port
land, via Astoria 45 hours.
Nor stmr Tellus, Pederson, 4 days from Oys
ter Harbor.
Ftmr Gipsy. Leland, 24 hours from Monterey.
Nor stmr Tltania. Effenes, 106 hours from
Nanaimo.-
CLEARED.
Thursday, November 1.
Stmr Australia, Lawless. Tahiti; J D Spreck
els & Bros Co.
SAILED.
Thursday, November 1.
Stmr Alameda, Von Oterendorp, Sydney and
Honolulu.
Htmr Mineola. David. Tacoma. *•
Stmr Santa Rosa. Alexander. San Diesro.
Htmr Australia. lawless. Tahiti.
Stmr W H Krager, Kro*-, Grays Harbor.
U S stmr Sherman, Grant, Manila, via Hono
lulu.
Br stmr Wellington. Salmord, Chemalnus.
Br stmr Robert Adamson. Morgan, Nanalmo.
An Additional Manifest.
In addition to cargo previously reported the
Alameda, which sailed Wednesday for Aus
tralia, carried the following merchajidl&c,
valued at J9900:
Shipping Merchants.
Th« S. D. Carleton loads coal at Txcoma fcr
Kahului.
Sailing of the Australia.
The Australia sailed yesterday for Tahiti
with a general cargo manifested up to 3 p.
m. as follow?, value being $l!).0M: £2 ctU
barley. 1000 firebrick. 18 ska bran. 11 crs bi
cycles. T cs boots and shoes. S bdls broom*.
J9.997 rbs bread. 4493 rbs coffee. 5S6 bbls flour.
13 crs furniture, 7 cs glassware, 131 pkgs gro
ceries and provisions, H4 cs hardware, 80,9*)
feet lumber. 12 cs lamp goods. 12t>0 R>s 5 cs
lard. S rolls leather. 30 pes mlllwork. 9 pkgs
machinery. 22 kegs nails, U bbls oil. 9 cs oils
and varnish, 44 crs onions, H bdls paper, tii
crs potatoes. 33.706 rbs rice, 165 cs soap, 2452
rbs sugar. 24 Ldls steel, 6O.G0O shingles. U£)
bdls snooks, 17 crs sewing: machines, 2S.065 rbfl
salt. 12 cs saddlery. 131 cs 6 bbls salmon. C
cs twine, 10 chests tea. 15 bdls woodvnware,
6? ere wagon material, 1623 gals wine, 17 era
vegetables. '
NEWS OF THE OCEAN.
Matters of Interest v to Mariners and
Water Front Notes.
The new pilot boat now being built to
replace the Bonlta is to be called Path
finder. The pilots drew lots as to who
should do the naming, and Captain
"Newt" Jordan won the throw. The vessel
Will be known officially as No. 14. and
Captain Jordan will present her with her
flag.
The following named graduates of Mc-
Nevin Brothers' Navigation School have
received licenses from the United States
Inspectors of Hulls and Boilers:
As master— G. TV. Gove. any ocean, over 700
tons gross, sail vessels: M. T. McKenna. any
ocean, steam vessels; F. Williamson, sail and
eteam. unlimited; L. A. Gustafson. master and
pilot, San Francisco Bay; William Rosendall,
,any ocean, sail, over 700 tons gross; J. -F. Col-
Btmpp. any ocean, sail, over 700 tons, gross;
Lars H. Christensen, master, sail, any ocean,
over TOO tons gross, and second mate steam
vessels, unlimited; J. W. Todd. master, steam
vessels and pilot for San Francisco Bay to ssa
and return; John Douglas, sail vessels over 700
tons gross, any ocean; F. B. Hill, sail vessels
over 700 tons stoss, any ocean, and second niate
steam vessels.
As chief mate — C. Merx. any ocean, over 700
tons, and pilot for San Francisco Bay and its
tributaries; John A. Jensen, over 700 tons, sail;
Ricfcard Farley, any ocean, unlimited, steam;
John Olaen, over TOO tons. sail.
Aa second mate — A. O. Slmmle. unlimited.
any ocean; G. Smith, unlimited, any ocean;
Edward Anderson, unlimited, any ocean; John
A. Brown, unlimited.
The American ship "Wachusett. now long
overdue at Honolulu from Australia, has
been given up as lost. The Carmanian,
now out sixty-eight days from Hongkong
for San Francisco, is quoted at 10 per cent;
the Battle Abbey, now out 142 days from
Port Townsend for Port Plrie. at 10 per
cent; the Faruna, now out 133 days from
Santa Rosalia for Iquique. at 40 per cent,
and the Antone, 1S2 days from Sydney, N.
S. W., for Rotterdam, at 65 per cent.
¥ T NCLE SAM'S army transport
I 1 Sherman did not set away on
I I time yesterday. She was booked
to sail at noon, and it is rarely or
1 ¦ "ever that Captains Batchelder and
Barneson hold the vessels. On this occa
sion, however, they could not help them
selves. One of the lady passengers forgot
her trunks and these had to be secured.
They were out at the corner of Polk~and
California streets, and it took an hour and
ten minutes to bring them to the wharf.
What Captain Batchelder said during that
seventy, minutes would not look well in
print. Captain Barneson was his own
cool, collected s-elf, and if he did any fum
ing nobody knew anything/ about it.; The
Sherman took away the usual consign
ment of recruits, surgeons, hospital nurses
and army officers' wives.
"China has a great deal to learn from
this young republic. I hope, however,
that she will learn, not the arts of war,
which have for sole end and aim the de
struction of life, but the arts of peace,
¦which make for the happiness ana wel
fare of the people. No nation can become
really great by war. True greatness does
not lie in the extent of territory .nor
strength of battalions, but in the charac
ter of the people. From personal observa
tion I am inclined to the belief that the
American people possess the elements of
national greatness in a high degree. The
test of loftiness of character is to pos
sess boundless power without abusing it.
"Wealth Is power. "Where can you rind
such vast accumulations of wealth In
private hands as in America, with so lfi
tle attendant evil felt by society? I have
seen countries where-the rich oppress the
poor and the poor curse the rich. There
•money Is the root of all evil." The re
verse seems to be the case in America.
Here the rich use the ample means at
their disposal for the benefit of the peo
ple and the people have good reason to
bless the rich. In other words, American
men of wealth are public benefactors. I
have not tar to go for an example. In
your midst you have a signal instance of
this class of philanthropic men of wealth.
This institution is an enduring monument
of the founder's munitlcence. Here one
can find the most effective means for the
enlightening of the mind and the uplift-
Ing of the soul. Books, paintings anil
sculpture and specimens of objects pos
sessing educational value are accessible
to all persons at all times. The day will
soon come when foreigners will visit this
city, not so much to see the great indus
trial establishments as to see this insti
tution, which spreads its refining influence
far and wide. This city will be equally
famous for & great educator as for a
manufacturing center. May this standing
monument of the founders benefaction
stimulate others to follow this noble ex
ample. May the 'founder's day," which I
heartily join with you in celebrating, be
ever observed from year to year as an
event of national interest."
Minister Wu said in part
PITTSBURG, Nov. 1.— Wu Ting Fang,
the Chinese Minister, was the principal
speaker at the Founder's day exercises at
the Carnegie Institute thia afternoon. An
Informal reception was tendered the dis
tinguished diplomat at the Hotel Schley
this morning and after a private view of
the art gallery and museum he was taken
for a drive through the parks. At the
conclusion of the exercises this afternoon
Minister Wu held a publlc'reception.
Participates in the Exercises of
Founder's Day and Pays a
Tribute to /Em erica's Men
of Wealth.
Chinese Diplomat Makes an
Address at Carnegie
Institute.
MINISTER WU THE
CHIEF SPEAKER
TO SAIL.
TRANSPORT SHERMAN AGAIN
SAILS FOR FAR AWAY LUZON
THE SAN FBANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, NOVEMBER 2, 1900.
FRIDAY. NOVEMBER 5.
Unit»<J States Coast and- Geodetic Surr«jr—
' Times and Heights of High anit Low
v. atere at Fort Point, entrance to San
Francisco Bay. . Published by official au
thority of the Superintendent. .'. v . .
NOTE— Th- high and low waters occur at ths
city front « Mission-street wharf) about twenty-'
flvs minute* later titan at Fort Point; the
height of tide Is the same at both places. : .
Sun, Mcon and Tide.
13
Steamer. From. Due.
Zealandla Honolulu — , Nov. 2
Pomona Eureka ........Nov. 2
Cleon* TiUamook Nov. 2
Iaqua ..lEureka..... Nov. 2
Crescent City.. [Crescent City..... ......... [Nov. I
Ohio Cap* Krnne.....; ,!Nov. . 2
Rainier .{San Pedro, Nor. 2
Czarina 'Seattle. ...Sox. 3
Alliance Portland..... ...... Nov. J
Umatllla .Victoria Xov. 3
Corona .[Pan Dlejro. .;.•......•........ Xov. 3
Hongk'nu MarujChina and Japan ..... Nov. 3
Man«uen»« ....|Comox. ...... ........ Nov. i
Matteawan ....iTacoraa... Nov. i
Bonlta : [Newport..... .,.,....,:.... Nov. 5
Euroka 1 Humboldt:... ...,.;..;...- Nov. 5
O. W. Elder... Portland.......... .i V6*. «
Queen -¦ .'Honolulu..............:... Nov. .6
Newport ;. New York...... ........... Not. 7
Santa Rosa .... San Diego.;... Nov. 7
City of Puebla. Victoria......... .;.. Nov. g
North Fork .... Humboldr.. .-.......¦.¦....;..¦ Nov. . 8
rolnt Arena Point Arena..-...;.......,. Nov.; 8
Steamer. . | Destination. | Sails.. | Pier.
Eureka ..:.;HumboMt....,f>Jdv. 2, S amiPl«r. J
North. Fork'HumboIdt..... Nov. 2. Sars'Pter 2
Walla W.., (Victoria....... Nov. I, H amfPter »
Rainier ...[Seattle ...'Nov. 7, 5 pn»|Plcr 13
Del Norte-fPortland |Nov. 3. 10 amj Pier CSX
Coos Bay..} Newport....... Nov. 3. Sam.Pierli
Gaelic ......ChlnaAJapan'Nov. 3. 1 pmlPMSS
Pomona; ...(Hupnt^>Idt.. — [Nov. A. '¦' 2 pm| Pier : »
Czarina ...[Seattle. :..|Nov. 4. 10 amjpfer *
B*reenhus .IGhlaaA Japan Nov. 4. Wam;Pt«r 27
Columbia ..fPortlaad Nov. 4/11 am, Pier 2*
Corona ....iSan Diego...:. Nov 4 5. H am Pter 11
Pt. Arena.-lPoin* Areca.. Nov. 5. 2 pmiPter 2
Alliance ...| Portland... :..) Nov. ft. ., (Pier 20
San Benito!MeTtco;i;.....[Nov. «. 12 m|........
Curacao ...\3iexico........ Nov. 7.10 amiPfer U
UmatUla. ..Victoria. ..::..lNov. T. 11 arajPier 9
Bontta . i ..IN«.wport..... M lNf>v. 7. 9 amtP<#r 11
Peru .....;!XewTorlt.....|.\ov. 8, 15 oalPMSS
Santa RosalSan Diero.....JNov. 9. 11 amlPier 11
•S. ¦¦[- irt:
•.¦ JL W| . jHWt
[i
i— i
Ft.
{Time
Ft
2 ...f O:WK -l.lt .7:381
J ... 1:33 .1.4 8:10,
4....I 1:20* 1.7 S:30'
5 ...I. 3:06! SOI 923-
I
r v M
.*¦¦»]
', 3:W[
• .4:06'
,4
.7
.¦i
.5
4t
4.1
4.J
« ... 3:i» J.sri>:(.S
7 ...I 4:33! S.« lO-.SOi
!H W , L.w!
i. ¦•I.-K!-
!-.5:.Ct.
til W I
£*•
8.V.. |' 0:19[ 4.7|. 5:1^1
4 -
-^¦.»
Steamer. From. Due.
Zealandla Honolulu — , Nov. 2
Pomona Eureka ........Nov. 2
Cleon* TiUamook Nov. 2
Iaqua ..lEureka..... Nov. 2
Crescent City.. [Crescent City..... ......... [Nov. I
Ohio Cap* Krnne.....; ,!Nov. . 2
Rainier .{San Pedro, Nor. 2
Czarina 'Seattle. ...Sox. 3
Alliance Portland..... ...... Nov. J
Umatllla .Victoria Xov. 3
Corona .[Pan Dlejro. .;.•......•........ Xov. 3
Hongk'nu MarujChina and Japan ..... Nov. 3
Man«uen»« ....|Comox. ...... ........ Nov. i
Matteawan ....iTacoraa... Nov. i
Bonlta : [Newport..... .,.,....,:.... Nov. 5
Euroka 1 Humboldt:... ...,.;..;...- Nov. 5
O. W. Elder... Portland.......... .i V6*. «
Queen -¦ .'Honolulu..............:... Nov. .6
Newport ;. New York...... ........... Not. 7
Santa Rosa .... San Diego.;... Nov. 7
City of Puebla. Victoria......... .;.. Nov. g
North Fork .... Humboldr.. .-.......¦.¦....;..¦ Nov. . 8
rolnt Arena Point Arena..-...;.......,. Nov.; 8
•S. ¦¦[- irt:
•.¦ JL W| . jHWt
[i
i— i
Ft.
{Time
Ft
2 ...f O:WK -l.lt .7:381
J ... 1:33 .1.4 8:10,
4....I 1:20* 1.7 S:30'
5 ...I. 3:06! SOI 923-
I
r v M
.*¦¦»]
', 3:W[
• .4:06'
,4
.7
.¦i
.5
4t
4.1
4.J
« ... 3:i» J.sri>:(.S
7 ...I 4:33! S.« lO-.SOi
!H W , L.w!
i. ¦•I.-K!-
!-.5:.Ct.
til W I
£*•
8.V.. |' 0:19[ 4.7|. 5:1^1
4 -
-^¦.»
Steamer. . | Destination. | Sails.. | Pier.
Eureka ..:.;HumboMt....,f>Jdv. 2, S amiPl«r. J
North. Fork'HumboIdt..... Nov. 2. Sars'Pter 2
Walla W.., (Victoria....... Nov. I, H amfPter »
Rainier ...[Seattle ...'Nov. 7, 5 pn»|Plcr 13
Del Norte-fPortland |Nov. 3. 10 amj Pier CSX
Coos Bay..} Newport....... Nov. 3. Sam.Pierli
Gaelic ......ChlnaAJapan'Nov. 3. 1 pmlPMSS
Pomona; ...(Hupnt^>Idt.. — [Nov. A. '¦' 2 pm| Pier : »
Czarina ...[Seattle. :..|Nov. 4. 10 amjpfer *
B*reenhus .IGhlaaA Japan Nov. 4. Wam;Pt«r 27
Columbia ..fPortlaad Nov. 4/11 am, Pier 2*
Corona ....iSan Diego...:. Nov 4 5. H am Pter 11
Pt. Arena.-lPoin* Areca.. Nov. 5. 2 pmiPter 2
Alliance ...| Portland... :..) Nov. ft. ., (Pier 20
San Benito!MeTtco;i;.....[Nov. «. 12 m|........
Curacao ...\3iexico........ Nov. 7.10 amiPfer U
UmatUla. ..Victoria. ..::..lNov. T. 11 arajPier 9
Bontta . i ..IN«.wport..... M lNf>v. 7. 9 amtP<#r 11
Peru .....;!XewTorlt.....|.\ov. 8, 15 oalPMSS
Santa RosalSan Diero.....JNov. 9. 11 amlPier 11
:0MPAf»3IE GESSaAL^ TEANSATiasTlQCS.
DinECT LINE to HAVRE-PARIS.
Salllr.; every .Thursday. Instead of <&jTT«S
Saturday, from November !, 1S0O.- at "^*K**i*
10 a. m.. from Pier 42. North River, foot of
Morton street. L'AQUITAINE. Nov. 8- Flr3t-
class to Havre. $33 and upward. Second class
to Havre. $42 50 and upward. GENERAL
AGENCY FOR UNITED STATES and CAN*
AD* 32 Broadway (Hudson bu!ldln*>. New
York. J. F. FUGAZI & CO.. Taclflc Coast
Agents. 5 Montgomery *venu». 3an Franci!«co.
,... Wednesday. November n. 9 p. m.
j. D. SPRECKELS k BROS. CO.. A<jU., 643 Marked St
Pier 7. Foot Paci^c St Freicht Office. 327 Market St
Oceanic s. s. co.— noxoLtrnj, apxa
AVCKLASD ANI» SYDNEY.
S3. AUSTRALIA for Tahiti
Thursday. November 1, 4 p. m.
SS. ZEALANDIA (Honolulu only)
...I...... Saturday. November 13, I p. m.
SS. SIERRA, for Honolulu. Samoa. New
Zealand and Australia
Steamer "Monticello."
MON.. Tue«., Wed.. Thurs. and Sat. at 9:13
a. m.. 3:15. 8:30 r»- m. c>x. Thara. nl<ht): Fri-
days, 1 p. m. and «:$*>: Sundays. 10:30 a. m.. 1
p. m. Landlnir and office. Mission-street Dock.
Pier No. 2. Telephone Main U0S.
FARE 50o
BAY 1 AND BIVEB STEAMERS.
FSllXN^YARDa^ALLEJO
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS.
AH Mi; DA REAL ESTATE.
COTTACE for >ale— HcuVe'. 4 or 6 rooms, bath
•Jid basement, in fine order: fruit and Shade
tr<-pf ; if-t 50^33: tn«k» an offer: J300 cash. J25
P*r rr.cnth. J. H. YOUXO. 1241 Park et.
irtaO— AUCTION price; finest modern S-room
cottage in Alam<?da: perfect plumbtnc: Iin«
Iccation: t block* frem station A high school;
ffc.r terms. A. G. Bnrna, 15C1 Park. Alameda.
BERKELEY ADYERTOEMEN^
BERKELEY UEALpSTATE.
sbbbby Ymfennr w rr."-'
Only $1508; a fin« piec* of property, fronting
or. 3 etreets; rise 11'^xCTO; ju«t one block from
r.-w rchool hous« ri:e and Just the plac* to
Ti-.tt: i»oultr>'. .
MASON * McLENATHEN.
Adjoining P. O- Berkeley.
Itnc^-t-^ CASH, balance n»PM month; J-room
cottnc in poe>4 condition: hijrh basen,ent:
pood well: ail sewered; Sblrxrk* to car*: rew
rrvtt trees. W. C. MORAN. Lnrin station.
Berkeley. ' . ' ¦
ALTA PfNTA- TRACT— Pan Pablo ave.. 2
ir.lles north rf Berkeley: $150 to J2£0 per acre;
lnts J60 to f 150 each: ST, a month; call' for
n.*r? c, w. HAK.HT.4fl California st:. S.F.
BERKELEY HOUSES TO LET.
BS-HAXPSOMK furnished 7-rocm cottar* •
stable; Berkeley. C HENDERSON. 3<H Mont-
gnrr.err rt.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS-
OFFICE — 1118 BROADWAY.
OAKLAXD REAL EStATE.
TOR eale in Oakland— Nine-room modern hmzs?
rv!lt for horn* by days woik; -tot COxlM; I
tiwkt froai local station; best residence neigh-
borhood: lor sale to close estate at JiTS*: le*»
than house cost. HERON & nOLOOMU. 106l>
Br^a'iwsy. ' . * . ¦
. OAKLA.\D HOUSES TO LET.
GOOD houses! Get Hst from~GEO. "\V. AUS-
TIN &. CO.. V<Q$ Broadway. Oakland.
OAKLAND FCRSiTURB FOB SALE.
AX lr.trocuctioa to yoa from H.Schellhaa*. the
furniture dfaler. llth and Franklin. Oakland.
XIOOMS FOR UOI'SEKEEP1\C.
CLEMEXTIXA. St eff Tcurth et.— Complete
• iiouMkepplng room) 1 ; trtvate.
riFTH. 333-4 furnished housekeeping, eonnect-
tng. «14: also % $12: a.lso hall room. U to 15.
HA.RIUSOX, :si— 3 rooms, furnished complete
(rr .houseWping : Urse var<S; $!»: first floor.
JACKSON.. ?». rear Mason— Furnished sunny
l*rge front h->u»ekr>r rms. |6 and fS; single. S4.
OAK, 125— I Rtvly furnished sunny housekeep-
ing rtx?rc»; faa, bath: Jlf . also two other*. $10.
OTAVIA, :<2. .<yom»r Geary — Large lunny
f^rr.lthe-3 ba>-windo«r; mantel; ra#; light
. tu«fk«Tfcf; IW.
POINT LOBOS ave.. nrO— I tunny furnished
Vro«tn«;. house keeping: J10; no children.
f?TXTyi 1J$— Sunny room for light hou»ekeep-
tr.p; al»o ether ernall roods.
TfTREE furnished rooms for housekeeping In
private family.. . Call SS< Sixth st.
TURK, <-:i3 — 2 rc&fTjB furnished for hou»ekeep-
.>"?. til. Call, after 6 p; m.
V.ILLOW ave. 10. eff Larkin, near Eddr- »1I:
3 rrf-^j' furnished for hekrg-: no children.
A. BRANCH oifiee for Call advertisements and
fubecripticns bas be«n established at 10M
Valecc^a. st, . '¦--¦•-.*
CLAfSIFJED advertisements and subscriptions
.;¦ rco«r\»-* at <":»:! branrh BfQee. 12CJ) FMlmore »t.
.; ROOMS TO LET— Kuril, and Infum.
A--ERUN3 WICK" H : ous (f^W Sixth"— RooratTSc
¦ to II per ijlgif; II 2S to t5 per week, and light
•houBpkeeririfs; or*n all night.
'¦ri'RXETTi- 1C6 Market 'o!3 No. 1*64)— Fur-
tifhed rms. tuites, sinifle; also unfurnished.
BUSH. t» «Th« Elk)— Changed hands; newly
renovated, nicely furn. sunny rm«.. Jl 50 to $7
week: 26c to tl 50. night. MRS. P. RAXFT.
CLIFFORDt, : r 4 Ellii. ccr. Mason— Handsomely
fi;rr.!?hed KUSfiX rooms; prices reasonable.
ET'PT. tSUL Sqff "of rooms; many; Bloely
furnlsfcfd; r»afor.tb!e.
FOI^f^OM. W5. cor. Cth fThe O!!v»r)— Xew far-
Ditbed sunr.y ran.. >;r.t:'.* or suites ; reasonable.
tl TlEEK; large eur.ny furnished room; closet;
Vsth; iTivate. £24 Folnoni Et- ; call by S p. m.
-CEABT. M .The Navarre)-Kl»gantly furnished
. r.r.t; (=u:tPS or e'.r.gie; travelers ¦accommodated.
GEARY. 1137-^Sumiy nexvly fumlyhed; en suite,
e'.r.gie: hot, fo'd paone;. steam heaters.
GRANT* EOLTHERX, southeast corner 6«venth
.'¦ ar.d Mission' ets.— Sunny. room»i en' eulte or
¦ : F:r-gle; laSlef* parlor; readlhg-rboai; elevator.
Iir>WART>. 10€3U — Nloely furnished sunny front
bay-wlnJo-w.roornj also othtrB. • . -¦ •'
l.AP PALMA5. l«:0 Market «. -Suite of 2 or 3
¦ rtns.; : private; bath; sin. rrns.; board optional.
iTISSION. : : 65J. 1 block from C«tt— Fin* dcubl*
toorps:- permanent and transient.' . ¦ .- .1
NEW ARLINGTON. . 1013 ; Market ,«t-— Nicely
fgrtdffajpd.roema. JI a week up; 33c a day up.
6.FAItKELL. ;¦>— Sunny ' : furnished rooms and
offices; eK-^'-atbr: electric lights: day. .irk., mo,
Ii«"i5EDALEIIfiuse, J19 and ZU. lEliis at.— Rooms,
/.right -Z5c, to' tl. -veete 31 23 to <4; open night.
I'.OTAL Hcus», 12« E!Us st.— Incandescent light:
..reading-room, smoking-room and ladies' par-
. lor; rooms, p>r eight. 35c to SI £0; week.: J2 to
¦ .**: tnont-h. J? to $30; elevator on ground floor;
¦¦:-ro.rrr.f"w:th.- i h(-t and cold water; baths.:- , :< ,
-FJiERMAN Acartfaent House, 2S Eighty. it,
¦— y.JFar Market— J*urr.!«fcea or nnfurnlshed. : .
... T»"nK. 12^-1 furnished room, with closet and
,.-vr.s:r.g ccitable for 1 .or 'g rentjemen.
. A KRANCH office for Call advertliernent* and
*ub5orlpti<?r.s has been established at 109«
¦¦.:¦- \ Jtienci* mx. ¦ . . .... •. ¦¦- . .
vIlOQM'S \%AXTED,
;^"AKTTn>-r»rwar.eni!y. a p**tlr furnifhM
1t> nice part of city; private family r>r»-
. ¦¦f«-rr»*. AA1. H. HAMILTON. Grand Hotel.'
ROOMS A.\D~BOARD.
BOARD &cd rooms at ta First St.. near Har-
rison. •." ¦ ...
FIR?T-CLA9S rr.oaern lamily hotel; very sunny
room?; f.r.> table. IC04 California st.
fEWISC MACHIM-S AAI> SUPPLIES.
ALL kinds bought, sold, rented, exchanged; re-
pairing loweet rtttt; open even. . 206 Fourth.
BOUGHT. «cld. rented, repaired; needles and
¦buttles: re£uc*d rates. US Cth; phone Mint 45.
ALL kinds bought. molS and repairing guaran-
teed. Charles Plarabeck. u:5 Mlselon. nr.. litlj.
SPECIAL KOTICEfi.
BOOMS pas«red from $2 SO; whiUned (1 up;
paiatlsg dope. Hanrsaa Paint Oo., S19 Third.
BAD tenants ejected for U: collections made;
city or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION CO..
415 Montgomery et.. rooms »-10: tel. tSSO.
STORAGE AXD WAREHOUSES.
TEKINS Van and Storage Co.. 712 Mission «t.;
tel. Mt!n »IO; shipping at cut rates..
V.'ILSON EROS., storage and moving; covered
varj. Tenth ar.d Market; phone South 768.
TACIFIC Stcrare and Furniture Moving Com-
pasy. 25^0 FKlraor« St.: phoc« Jackson tSL
SLOT MACHINES.
BOCGHT and sold; new and second band: large
display: very rhesp. 127 Market, room att.
TVPE\>niTEnS A.\D SUPPLIES.
GREAT BARGAINS IN TTPETWRITERS— We
sell better machines for lees money than any
bouse in th« city; rentals, 5». The Typewriter
Exth»ng«. CM California; teltphone AUln 161
ALWAYS fcargalnt In typewriters; any make.
Write for prices to L. & M. ALEXaNDEK,
110 Montgomery »t- -
DIVIDEND NOTICES.
UIVH3END Notice— The Giant Powder Com-
pany, fcen.). A dividend. No. 23. of seventy-
five cents (7lc) per char* en Use Issued capital
stock cf the company hzi been declared pay-
able at the office cf the company, 430 Cali-
fornia rtreet. Pan Francisco, en November
10, :ii0. . Transfer books close Norember J.
:w. at nocn. A. A. SPARKS. Secretary-
PROPOSALS^
OFFIOJS Cf the engineer. Twelfth Lighthouse
¦District, Pan Franciaco, Cal.- Proposals will
U received et this office until 12 o'clock
i.->on. on Fr!S«y. November 20, 18&0. and then
cr#ne«l, fcr the rental cf San Cleniente Isl-
and. Los Angeles County, Cal. (reserved D/
Fretldentia.1 order as a Ughthouee reserva-
tion), for a period of five rears. Informa-
tion and blank forms of proposals may bs
had at this office. CHAS. E. L. B. DA VIS.
Major. C-jfT» of Engineers, V. £. A-. En-
«lo«r T*-cJfth Ugcttouse District.
-¦':.'.-;'; ;OCEAN TRAVEL.
Pacific Coast Steamship Co.
»« : - . ¦ .-. Steamers, leave Broadway
lfc^ '. ¦• wharf. San Francisco: -¦
ffjqrr>j. For AJ&skan Ports— II a. rr. .
Hj^r»5i*«8^ «'h.ir?^ to company's steamers
SSe^^lj^si For Victoria, Vancouver <n.
rejtfffi r"*ii1 '"'¦ Port Townsend. Seattle.
l^Wjn' Tac-'T.a. Everett. Anaeort»s
Xew Whatcom'fWash.V-r
. . • 11 a. m... Xov. 7. 7, 12. 17. 22.
!7. Dec. . I. and every fifth day thereafter.
Chantre at Seattle for this company's steamers
for Alaska and G. N. Ry. : at >eau.» or Tacoma
to X. P. Ry..; at Vancouver to C. P. Ry.
For Eureka. Humboldt Bay— 2 p. m.. Nor. 4.
9. 14. 19. 24, 23. Dec. 4 and every fifth day there-
after. • '. . ' . .
For San IMe^ci «tr>pr»nc only at Port Harforri
(Pan Lul? Obtspo>. Santa Barbara. Port Los
Angeles and Redondo (Los Arigeles)— 11 a. m..
Xov. 1, 5. 9. 13. 17. 21. 23, 23. Dec. 3. and every
fourth day thereafter.
For Santa Pruj. llonter»y. Pan Simeon. Cayu-
co». Port Hartfird (fan Luis Obl»t>o>. Gavlota.
Panta Barbara.. Ventura, Hueneme. Sa-i Pedro.
Ea« San Pedro (Los Ansreles) and Xewport— !>
a. m.. Xov. 3. 7. 11. 1". 13. 23, 17. Dec. 1. and
every fourth day thereafter.
Fcr Ensenaaa. Maxdalena Bay, Pan Jn~ del
Cabo. Mazatlan.: Altata. I^a Paz. Santa Rosa'ia
and Guaymas . (Meiico)— 10 a. m., 7th of eacS
month.
. For further Information obtain company's
folders. ' . " ¦ . . ' .' • .• ¦ ¦
Th» company reserves the rlitht to charts^
steamers. *al!!nr dates and hours of aailtn?
without "ravioli* not!'**. .
TICKKT OFFICE— I New Montgomery
etreet fPalpee- Hr.tel). • • : •
GOODALL. PERKINS A CO.. O-n. Agents.
¦ .' : .10 Market st.. Pan Francisco.
THEO. R. & H. CO.
DESPATCH FAST STEAMERS TO
:p o :r. rp x., .^ 3sr id
From SDear-street 'Wharf at 10 A. M.
CA DC $12 First Class Including Berth
. lH fit ¥S Second Class. and Meals.
COUT1BIA (-alls.. ......Not. 4. 14. 14. Dec. 4
GEO. W; ELDER sails 9,13, 20
Short Uno to Walla Walla, Spokane. Butte.
Helena ajid atl point3 In the Northwest.
Through tickets to all points East. • :.- • : - :
¦ -.... ' - : : E. C. WARD. Oeneral A?ent.
. ¦•• - : ¦ 6C0 Market street.
TOYO KISEN KAISBA.
STEAMER3 WILL LEAVE WHARP. COR-
ner Flmt and Brannan streets, at 1 p. m.
for TOKOHAMA and HONGKONG, calling at
Kob« (Htogo). Nagasaki and Shanghai, arvi
connecting at Hnnrtons with steamers for In-
d!a. etc. No cargo received on board on day
of sailing-. ¦ ' '¦¦¦¦..-
SS. HOXGKOXG MARI*..:
: — .: Tuesday. November 13. 1**J
SS. NIPPON MART* ..:
' ..i t... Thursday, December 4. '¦¦ 1900
SS. AMERICA MARC .
...Saturday. December 29, 19P0
Via Honolulu.
Round-trf» tickets at reduced rates. For
freight and passage ap-ply at cempaay's office.
421 Market street, corner of First.
W. H. AVERT, General Asent.
RED STAR LINE.
N«w York and Antwerp.
AMERICAN LINE.
RT TOES, BOUTHAJBTOX. LO.f DOS, ?A2X3.
* Stopping at Cherbourg, westbound.
From New Tork Every Wednesday. 10 a. m.
8C Paul ....Not. 7|St. Paul Hor. 2S
St. Louis Not. 14[St. Louis Dee. i
Xew Tork Nov. 21 1 New Tork Dec 13
From New Tork Every "Wednesday. 12 noon.
Friesland Nov. 7 Kensington .....Nor. 2J
Southward- Nov. It Noordland Dec. i
Westernland .;.Nov. tl Friesland Dec U
For freight and passage apply to
IITTERNATIONAL NAVIGATION CO..
30 Montgomery st. ¦ Or any of Its agent*.
assessment' xotices. "
ASSESSMENT NOTICE— Honolulu Plantation
. Company, location of principal place cf busi-
-fuss, San Francisco. Cal.— Notice Is hereny
. eiven that at a meeting of the Board of Di-
rectors, held on the ISth day of October, 1900.
an assessment. No. 2, of one ($t) dollar per
fehare was levied upon the capital stock of
the corpora tlon, payable immediately In
United States gold coin, to the secretary at
the office of the company. No. 327 Market St.,
• San Francises Cal.
' Any stock upon which this assessment shall
remain unpaid on the 1st day of December.
1900, will be delinquent and advertised for
cale at public auction, and unless payment
. . is made before will be sold on Thursday.
¦ the 24th day of December, J90O, to pay the
delinquent BPSeMmer.t. together with the
' costs of advertising and expenses of sale.
I E. H. SHELDON.
¦ Secretary of Honolulu Plantation Company.
j O'flce located at No. 317 Market St., San
Francisco, Cal.
i ASSESSMENT NOTICE— Honolulu Sugar Com-
1 pany, location of principal place of busi-
! nfss. Pan Francisco. Cal. — Notice Is hereby
given that at a meeting of the Board of Dl- !
I rectors, held on the ISth day of October.
!• 19'!*, an assessment. No. 10, of nine ($9) dol-
• lars per share, was levied upon the capital
Ftock of the corporation, payable Immediately
in United States gold coin to the secretary
at the office of the company. No. 327 Market
st.. Pan Francisco, Cal.
• Any stock upon which this assessment shall
remain unpaid on the 1st day of December,
1900. will be delinquent and advertlbed lor i
t>ale at public auction, and unless payment
is made before will be sold on Thursday,
the 24th day cf December, 1900, to pay the
| delinquent assessment, together with the
costs of advertising and expennes of sale.
E. H. SHELDON. j
Secretary of Honolulu Sugar Company.
.j Office located at Xo. 327 Market ft., San
Francisco. Cal.
COPARTNERSHIP NOTICES.
DISSOLUTION of copartnership— The eopart-
I nershlp heretofore existing between the un-
derriirned. PIERRE SOMP8 and FRANCOIS
| PAILLET, doing business at San Francisco.
State of California, at premises Xos. 624 and
C6 Laguna st.. under the name of "GOLDEN
WEST SODA WORKS," and also under
. the name of "GOLDEN WEST MINERAL
! SPRINGS CO. OF NAPA CO.," is this day
1 dissolved by mutual consent. Each of the
; | artners will continue business for himself
I end each of the undersigned is authorized to I
collect outstanding bills and to pay bills due.
¦1 <S!med) P. SOMPS.
<Slgned) FRANCOIS PAILLBT.
Dated San Francisco. October 24, A, D. 1900.
MABBIAGE LICENSES.
' The following; marriage licenses were Issued
yesterday:
Silviro Rivero, 23. 5 Magner place, and Maria
' Navarre.. 22, 734 Green street.
I Henry Craig. 2S. city, and Katie Leslie. U,
I clti-.
I Geonre TT. Goodale. Tl, Vklah. and Emma S.
Kuchmeister. Z'. city.
Lulgl Ca.«sella, 30. SIS Eansome street, and
Lena Cuneo. 23. SIS Sansome street.
Emil R. Moldenhauer. IS. 31 Madison av»nue.
' and Martha. W. Ackensas, 21. 71« Brannan st.
¦¦ Domenico Derenzo. 33, 404 Green street, and
! Maria J. Cruda. 24. 1322 Dupont street.
; FMouard J. Oliver. 26. 1545 Sixteenth avenue.
arvi Marie H. Blanc. 2S. IMS Sixteenth avenue.
; BIRTHS— MARRIAGES— DEATHSL
I Birth, marriage and death notices sent by
mail will not be inserted. They must b* handed
' in at either of tbe publication offices and be
• Indorsed with the name and residence of per-
sons authorired to have the same published.
BORN.
\ HENNESSY— In this city. October 25, 1300, <o
! the wife of Lawrence Hennessy, a daughter.
; ROWE— In this city, October 31. 1900, to the
¦ wife of Arthur E. Row», a son.
I .==.
DIED.
Anderson. Catherine Katz. Rebecca
Butler. Bella B. Korts. Henry E.
Davis. Isador Lynch. Lizzie
Deeney. Adllne A. McKenna. Mary
Dickereon. Grant A. Macne, Peter D.
Dwyer, Edward A. Murphy, Catherine
Feldmann. Loul* Schneider. William
Finnegan, Margaret Smith. Mary tl.
Fischer. Helene Snyder. William
Gruw»ll. Henrv Stein. E- H.
Gustalsen. Lillle L. Thomas, Josephine
Ha'.'.et. Laura A. Walfrh. Abigail
Hammond. John Watson. Laura L
Har!')*. Mrs. Btsele Whitman. Albert A.
Howard. Noah P. Young. Mary
! AXDERSOX— In this city. October 30, l?00.
i Catherine Ann. wife cf the late John Ander-
.' son, beloved mother <">f Mrs. H. Lyman and
the late Mrs. Kate Bennett. sUter of Mar-
! e^aret Jones and Charles OHara. grand-
. mother of and Rose Lyman, and
; aunt of Patrick O'Hara, a native of County
j Leitrlm. Ireland, aged 64 years. (Sacramento
j pap<*rs please copy.j
j t^Friend» and acquaintances are- respect-
i fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Saturday), at 2 o'clock, from the parlors of
| the United Undertakers. 27 and 23 Fifth street.
, Interment Odd Fellows' Cemetery. - -I
; BUTLER— In this city. November 1. 1900. Belle
B.. beloved wife of P. J. Butler, mother of
Uerwln. and sister of Gabriel, Martin and
i Bertha Berwin, a native of Chicago, 111., aged
! D year*.
; DAVIS— In this city. October 30. 1300. Isador
! . beloved husband of Esther I>avis. and father
i cf Louis, Healey, Alfred and Aaron Davis,
j Mr*. S. Jacob*, Mrs. D. Levy and Florence
! and the late Eva Davis, a native of Poland.
(New York papers please copy.)
CTThe funeral will take place this day
(Friday), at 10 o'clock, from his late re*l-
i <5ence. 150« Pacinc avenue. Interment Hllla
• of Eternity Cemetery, by carriage.
! DEEXET— In this city. November 1, 1P00, Ad-
line' A., beloved daughter of John and Mary
Dethey. and sister of Lillian JDe^ney. a na-
' tlve: cf San Francisco, aged S years and 17
days-
¦¦ DICKERSOX— In th!« city. November I, 1J0O,
VGrant A. Dlckerson, a native of Missouri,
¦j ¦ esed. 60 years.
;¦ DWYER— In Madera. October SO. ltW). Edward
f A. I>wyer, beloved ion of Anna Dwyer Hrady
and the late John E: Dwyer, and etepson of
1 .. Michael Hendy. a native, of California, aged
| 23 years and 2 months. '
j . C7Remalns at the parlors «f Carew &
I English.- 41 Van Ness avenue. Notice of fu-
¦j ¦ neral aereaf ter. ; •
! FELDMAXX-In this 'city. October Jl. 1300.
j . Loujs, beloved hutband of Gretchen Feld-
Ji.aan. arvi father ofl/uils. Edward and Wai-
' ter Feldmann. the Misses Lizzie and TUIle
Fcldmann and Mrs. Huto Peters, a nativa of
¦ . Bremen.. Germany, aged SS years. .
OTFriends' and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
¦ (Saturday), at 9:.S0 o'clock, from his late r«wl-
I dence. 691 Ehotwell street. Interment private.
j. Please omit -flowers. -
f FINNEGAN— In thi* ¦ city, November 1. 1900.
Margaret. Moved wife. of Peter Finnegan,
i mother of Jame» Finnegan and th* late Mary
I a: karlson.' grandmother of Annie. Mary and
Eila Karlson, and sister-in-law of the lat«
1 Patrick. James and.Susan Finnegan, a native
: of the pariah of Mullahorau Loushayduff,
County Cavan, Ireland, aged 78 years.
FISCHER— In Fruitvale. November 1, 1S0O,
! He'leme, belorsd wife of Charles Fischer, and
mother of Leo. Carl, Joseph. Hans and Rich-
ard F1*cher r a native of Germany, aged 36
years 7 months and *• days.
JCTFriendi and acquaintancei are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
I (Saturday), at *:30 o'clock, from her late resl-
• . dene*. H67 Twenty-seventh avenue. Frult\ - ale.
thence to Et. Elisabeth's Church, where a re-
quiem mats wili be celebrated for the repose
of ber eoul. commencing at 10 o'clock. Inter-
ment St. Mary's Cemetery. Oakland. .
.GRUTv"ELL— In this city. November U 1900.
Henry, beloved con of Etta and the. late John
Gruweil. and brother of Annie Gruwell. a na-
tive cf. Llvtrmcre. Cal., aged 1) years 5
months and 7 days.
OUSTAFSEN— In this c4ty. October II. 1800.
Llllla L. . beloved wife of Charles Gustafsen,
daughter of tbe lat* Carl H. and Meta Hartz,
and lister of Mn. W. Nielsen. Mrs. O. 8.
Carlson. Mrs. "C. Larsen, Mn. C. S. Rogers
and Henry and the late Louis. Grotheer, a na-
tive of Ban Francisco, aped 24 year* * month*
and IS days. <Ne«nah, Wls., papers please
copy)
£T Friends anfl acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Saturday), at 2 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence. 1510 Bryant avenue, between Four-
teenth and Fifteenth streets. Interment I. O.
O. F. Cemetery.
HALLETr-In this city, November 1. 1900, Laura
A-. wife of Edward Hallet. and mother of
Mrs. F. E. Pratt. Edward A. Hallet and
Mrs. E. A. Marble, a native" of Maine, aged !
£6 vears h months and 24 days,
i t7 Friend* are invited to attend
th« services thii day (Friday), at
I o'clock, at the residence of • her daugh-
ter. Mrs. F. E. Pratt. 4*2 Eddy'Btreet. near
Hyde. Cremation I. O. O. F. Cemetery.
HAMMOND— Entered into rest. In this city.
October 30. WOO, John, beloved husband of
Mary A. Hammond, and father ot Effle. Man-
ton and Mabel Hammond, aged 83 years and 6
months.
tJTThe funeral Berrtcea will take- plac«
thl»' day (Friday), at 8:80 o'clock, at hi«
lat* residence. 750 Geary street. Funeral
strictly private. Please omit flowers.
HARLOVT— In this city. October n. 1900. Mn.
Bess!* Harlow. a native of Scotland, aged
80 years.
CT Frlendi are Invited • to attend
HENRY J. GALLAGHER CO.,
(SaccesEor to Flannagan & Gallagher)
DANIEL P. DONOVAN. Mtr.
rCNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALMERS.
20 Fifth St., opposite Lincoln School.
Telephone South SO.
I me/*A/O*V «fc CO..
¦ FTJXERAL DIRECTORS A EMBALMER8.
I 1239 Market st., between «th and 8th^
I Twlephone South 247.
¦ -
ICT-Frlends are respectfully Invited to at-
tend the funeral to-morrow (Saturday), at
9:» o'clock, from his late residence, 322 Chest-
nut street, between Stockton and Dupont.
thence to Sts. Peter & Paul's Church, where
a high requiem mass will be said for the re-
rose of his eoul, commencing at 10 o'clock.
Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
MV'RPHY— A month's mind solemn high re-
quiem mass will be celebrated to-morrow (Sat-
u . r< 3ay), at 10. o'clock, at St. Francis Church,
v allejto streetT for the repose of the soul of the
late Catherine Murphy, beloved wife of Cap-
tain Frank Murphy. Friends are invited to
attend.
S^, H ,£. EIDER - In thls clt y. November 1. 1900,
VV illiam. beloved husband of Frledericka
bchnelder. and father of Mrs. Fred Hensel
and Mrs. George Pilgrim, a native of Ger-
m * n >'>ased 84 years 6 months and 21 days.
C7Ftiends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
< , a LM rday>> at - o'clock, from the residence
of his daughter, Mrs. G«orge Pilgrim, 19QS
Greenwich street. betwe«n Laguna and Bu-
chanan. Interment I. O. O. F. Cemetery.
SMITH— In this city. October 31, 1900, Mary H.
fcmuh. beloved mother of Mrs. James Free-
born Mrs. E. J. de Santa Marina. Mrs. E.
M. . Hopkins. Mrs. F. W. Zelle and Henry A.
Smith, a native of Santiago de Chile, ageJ
SO years 10 months and 15 days.
CTTriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral services
this day (Friday), at 1 o'clock, at her late
residence, 1S27 Pacific avenue. Interment pri-
vate. Mountain View Cemetery. Oakland.
SNTDER— In Eureka. October 2?.' 1900, William
Snyder. beloved father of W. F. and Cather-
ine Snyder. a native of Germany, aged 72
years.
CT Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Friday), at 9:30 o'clock, from the residence
of Thomas Cosgrove, 3476 Twenty-second
street, thence to St. James Church, wnere n.
solemn requiem h»sh mass will be celebrated
for the repose of his soul, commencing at 10
o clock. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery, by
electric car at Twenty-second and Guerrero
streets.
STEIN— In Petaluma. October 29, 1300, E. H
Stein, beloved brother of Charles Stein, and
uncle of John and Henry Jebe. a nativa of
Elmshorn, Germany, aged 43 yeare.
C7Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
( Friday*, at 1:30 o'clock, from the parlors of
H. F. Suhr & Co., 1137 Mission street be-
tween Seventh and Eighth* Interment I. O.
O. F. Cemetery.
THOMAS— In this city. November 1. 1900. Jo-
sephine, beloved wife of Arthur C. Thomas,
a native of California, aged 21 years.
ETRemains at the parlors of J. C. O'Con-
nor & Co.. 7C7 Mission street. Notice of fu-
neral hereafter. >
"WALSH— In this city. November 1. 1900. Abi-
gail, beloved wife of William Walsh, and
mother of Mary Walsh, a native of the parish
of Ballyhooly. County Cork. Ireland.
ETFriends are invited to attend the funeral
to-morrow (Saturday), at 9:30 o'clock, from
her late residence, 170 Lexington avenue,
thence to Mission Dolores Church, where a
mass will be celebrated for the repoee of. her
eoul. commencing at 9:45 o'clock. Interment
Holy Cross Cemetery. • Please omit flowers.
WATSON— In Fruitvale.- November 1. 1900,
Laura Irene, beloved daughter of William and
Nettle Watson, a native of San Francisco,
aged 4 years 6 months and J days.
WHITMAN— In this city. October 30. 1900, Al-
bert A. Whitman, beloved husband ot Blanch
M. Whitman, and father of iFabell and Ag-
ness Whitman, a native of New York State,
aged 42 years 2 months and 20 days.
tCTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral services
Sunday. November 4. at 2 o'clock, at I. O. O.
F. Hall. Berkeley, under the auspices of
Berkeley Lodge No. 270, T. O. O. F., and
Peralta Camp Xo. 123, Woodmen of the World.
Interment Mountain View Cemetery.
YOITNO— In this city. October 31. 1900, Mary
Younc relict of the late Alexander Tounp.
and mother of William J.. Henry F. and Sam-
uel F. Young. Mrs. J. X. E. Wilson. Mrs.
May Whitman and the late James A. Young,
a native of Glasgow, Scotland, aged 74 years
and 6 months.
IU^ Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Friday), at 2 o'clock, from the parlors of
Halsted & Co., 946 Mission street. Inter-
ment Masonic Cemetery.
tC7"FTiends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Saturday), at & o'clock, from her late resi-
dence. 314 First street, thence to St. Bren-
dan's Church, where a requiem high mass
will be celebrated for the repose of her soul,
commencing at 9:20 o'clock. Interment Holy
Cross Cemetery.
MACHEJ-In Bodega Bay, October 31, 1&C0
Peter D. Mache, dearly beloved hueband of
Meta Mache. loving father of Anna F., Joseph
H. and Peter Mache, and brother-in-law of
Henry Klee. a nitflve of Italy, aged 42 years
4 months and 19 days
the een-lces this day (Friday), at
10 o'clock, at the parlors of H. F. Suhr &
Co.. 1137 Mission street, between Seventn and
Eicfcth. Interment private.
HOWARD— In this city. November 1. 1900. Noah
P. Howard, beloved husband . of Mary E.
Howard, and father of Emma B.. Frederick
Sumner and Noah Franklin Howard, a na-
tive of Strafford.. N. H.. aged 65 years and
6 months. (Boston, Mass., papers please copy.)
KATZ— In this city, November 1. 1900, Rebecca
Katz. dearly beloved wife of. William Katz.
* _ na _ tlv * or San Francisco, aged 24 years.
t£7Rematns to be skipped to Sacramento for
interment.
KORTS— In this city, November 1. 1900, Henry
Edwin, dearly beloved son of Henry and Susie
Korts (nee Egan), a native of San Francisco,
aged 1 year 4 months and 6 days.
LYXCH— In this city. November 1. 1900. at St
Marj-« Hoepital. LJerie Lynch <ne« McClos-
key), beloved wife of the late Daniel F.
Lynch,- a native of San Francisco, ased 27
years.
McKENNA— In this city, October 31, 1900, at
her residence, 314 First street, Mary, beloved
wife of Patrick McKeana, and mother of
Mrs. A. McCulloch and P. J. and Nellie Mc-
Kenna, a native of Bailylongford. County
Kerry. Ireland, aged 71 years.
a Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
«*»-.¦» KKAAXY Ml. Esta&Usae**
in IM3 » lor the tr»tm«iiol private
Disease. lx*tMai>co«.d. Debility or
disease v*eartof ou bodyand mina -xw-\
Skin Dbeaau*. Tbr 4octorcure3when
others falL Try htm. Charjar iow
fnrneniraiXi-Fl. Callorwrtt.\.
Or,4.»'.t.IBBU.VU" iaJ7..^U4 »'raacUca.
NOVEMBER^. ' '. '- . f ' ' • . : ''jr/ :
Opening Chapters of f . '¦ . ¦
the Most Sensational ' f
Story of the Day, . f " V 7
II Wlm. IcFHoH
y ' ¦ WATER TO DRINK. |
' f BIGGEST GOLD I
f BRICK FACTORY. B
RIOU5 POVBR. 1JEREMIAH DAILY, THE NEW
: SECRETARY OF THE MER
CHANTS' EXCHANGE. . : . :
NEW SECRETARY FOR
MERCHANTS' EXCHANGE
Jeremiah Daily Appointed to Succeed the
Late Captain H. T. Emery.;
JEREMIAH DAILY was yesterday
appointed • secretary of the , Mer
chants' Exchange, succeeding the
late Captain H. T. Emery. The
appointment meets with the genuine'
approval of every merchant and ship
owner, as during his years of continuous
service Mr. Dally has made only friends.
Under Captain Shotwell and again under
Captain Emery he acted as chief clerk
and always with satisfaction to his su
periors and the members of the exchange
generally.
'Abe Marks, who has been the statisti
cian of the exchange for years, succeeds
Mr. Dally as chief clerk, while either J.
J. McDevitt or W. Downs will step Into
Mr. Marks' shoes, j There is therefore a
change all around and no one begrudges
the boys their promotion. "Jerry,"
"Abe," "Will" and "Mac" are known
from one'end of the coast to the other and
wherever a Ban Francisco owned vessel
drops her anchor, there they have a
friend. While all mourned the loss of
Captain Emery, as they mourned the loss
of Captain Shotwell, still it will not make
their good wishes for the living any. the
less hearty.
Swim at the Crystal Baths.
Recommended by physicians. Water always
clean and warm, "fub department best la city. •
To Change Livestock Freight Bate.
William Sproule,. freight traffic manager
of the Southern Pacific, returned yester
day from Denver, where he attended a
meeting of the Trans-Missouri Freight
Bureau. The most, important question
discussed was the propriety of ; making
the freight rates on livestock ln cents per
100 pounds instead of In dollars per car
The matter was left with a special com
mittee for final settlement.
Come Along.
Do not delay! This week only, the great
est'shoe bargains In the world. People
can wear good and stylish shoes by buy
ing them right in the right place— $4 shoes
for men and women for $1 90 a pair. These
shoes are from the Rochester Shoe Com
pany, that are now being slaughtered at
the Bee Hive Shoe Company, 717 Market
street, near Third. »
Way down in Kentucky there is a
woman who wanta $50 out of the small
fortune left by the well-known horseman,
Thomas Keating. Keating was unmar
ried and to protect his heirs from pos
sible impostors he bequeathed $50 to any
woman that might prove herself his
widow. This clause . ln the will got
somewhat twisted ln transmission from
Oakland, where the will was filed, to the
East, so that when It appeared ln a St.
Louis paper It read as follows:
! SAN FRANCISC6, Oct. 24.— Thomas Keating,
the horse owner, : whosa will was filed ln Oak
land to-day, leaves $50 for any. widows that
may appear. The deceased left an estate of
about $50,000. . ¦.•;,.:„¦.¦-' ,,, .
i County Clerk Deane was astonished yes
terday to receive an application for the
$50 from Widow Thompson of Paducah,
Ky. Widow ; Thompson construed the St
Louis newspaper report literally, and. be
ing a widow, decided to appear. Her ap
pearance, as humorous as it Is pathetic
is contained ln the following letter:
PADUCAH. Ky.. Oct. 27. 1900l
County -Clerk— Dear Sir: I notice thts win
to all widows in St. s Louis Post-Dispatch Oc
tober 24, 1900. Being a widow myself I thought
I would write you and see If I could icet mv
share of it., for it would be hljhly appreciated
if it is the fact, as I could use the money to
good advantage, as winter Is very near. Yours
truly.; MATTIE THOMPSON
... -Addreas 513 North Tenth street. Paducah. Kyi
_County Clerk Deane will apprise widow
Thompson of her mistake and Inform her
Sat'oi b b o e g n u e s flt^ao g 4 nUlne bUt f ° r 8**?
F. M. Lee of Reno. Nev., is In the ritv
?.¥Sin?m l 2ffi,3™ nln '-' M ' SM K -«S
a» I 1lecutor T £ bn ' Bleven ' hav8 be€n r^« d
Anti-Poolroom Literature.
The Law and XDrder League met last
evening and decided, to get out some lit
erature immediately ( relative to the en
forcement of the poolroom ordinance It
was announced that $150 had already been
raised for the purpose. A financial com
mittee, consisting of I. J. Truman and G
K. Fitch, was appointed to continue the
work of raising funds. N. G. Greensfeldcr
was made chairman of the campaign com
mittee. r- :^'i'*
Keating' s Effort to Foil Fraudulent Claim
ants Bears Queer Fruit. : ;:
SHE IS A WIDOW, BUT
SHE IS NOT THE WIDOW
DRY GOODS MEN"
INSTAXL OFFICERS
Members of the Association Have an
Enjoyable Evening in Alcazar
Building.
The members of the Dry Goods Men's
Association held their installation of offi
cers and a smoker in the Alcazar building
last evening. A very fine musical pro
gramme was rendered. The hit of the
evening was the quartet composed of
Rice, Moore, Tichenor and Barry. W
Friedman presided.' The programme of
the evening was aa follows: •
Selection, Professor Slchel: opening address
Robert Wilson; quartet, selected, George a!
Rice. .Ed Tichenor, Ed Moore, Jo Barry; reci
tation, selected, H. C. Wolton; barytone solo
"The American Volunteers' Farewell, "Tho
American Volunteers' Return." A. Walter
Crali: "A Few Moments With Our Retiring
President." W. Friedman: solo. J. Fraser:
sonr. selected. Jack Mclnerney; three-round
boxing: contest between Henry Silver and Frank
Tully: three-round boxing contest between
George Flnlgan and Ed Davis; three hot rounds
between Ed Dervlne and Jack Reg-an.
The following are th© officers of the
association:
W. Friedman, president; H. Geisen, vice
nresident; E. J. Durven, recording secretary
George Brown, financial secretary; J. Bowman
treasurer. "
Committee of arrangements— H. Geisen, F
W. Streeter. E. Davis, Frank Tuchler, J. F*
Ellsworth Meyer. W. Friedman.
Committee on arrangements — Edward Seullv
chairman; Thomas Grennan. secretary Joseph
O'Dea. treasurer: John D. Mahoney, C. E A
Crefihton, Alfred J. Fritz, Dr. Cecil C Den
nis, Arthur Melletz, T. I. Fitzpatrlck, John L
Herret. Harry M. Kelly, Arthur W. Dollard'
Emll Blumlein, John Bogan and James P*
Folcy. .,:¦ -, :i
Reception committee— Thomas F. Dunn
Alexander McCulloch, Edward P. Shortall, Dr'
William C. Hopper, Daniel C. Deasy, Josenli
T. O'Connor, Matthew Breen, C. E A.
Crelshton, Rafael Martinez, Joseph Walsh
John Bogan. James Pallas, John Mitchell'
Alexander McGeorge, Charles Cutter. John
Humphrey and W. H. Mead.
Floor committee— James B. Feehan, Dr. Ce
cil C. Dennis, Stephen V. Costello, Harry M.
Kelly. Thomas Grennan, Charles Jenkins
Thomas Barry. Charles Skelly. «
The members of the South End Rowing
Club will give an Informal , dance this
evening at Pioneer Hall. The affair is
sure to be largely attended, as the mem
bers of the club have hosts of friends.
The following members are on the com
mittee of entertainment:
Floor manager. T. I. Fltzpatrlck; assistant
floor managers, Arthur W. Dollard, John D.
Mahoney.
South End Rowing Club Hop.
The protest against the maintenance of
the r.lant of the Baldwin Gas Works or.
Stevent-on street was denied yesterday by
tho SujK! visors', Fire* Committee. Onlv
one protestant appeared before the com
mittee, which felt that It would be an in
justice to prevent the company from car
rying on its business. v The Abner Doble
iCompany and Pacific Power Companv
were given permission to burn crude oil
at their works. The petition of the Cali
fornia-street Railway Company to use
petroleum under the boilers in its power
house was referred to the Fire Marshal
for investigation.
Complaint Against Gas Works.
WAITERS ENTEKTAIN"
TTTKTTt MANY FBTENDS
Give a Ball at Odd Fellows' Hall Fol-
lowed by a Substantial
Supper.
Odd Fellows' Hall presented a beautiful
scene last night on the occasion of the
fourth annual ball of the Pacific Coast
¦Waiters' Association. The galleries and
walls were draped ln a tasty manner with
buntings of pink and green, while the
stage was banked with choice hothouse
palms and ferns. In the center of the
stage the letters P. C. "W. A. were Illu
minated with many colored Incandescent
lights.
Shortly after 11 o'clock the merry
throng sat down to a sumptuous supper
after which dancing continued until
a late hour. The grand march was led
by G. W. Howe, the president of the or
ganization. The following members as
sisted to make the ball such a great suc
cess:
Officers — G. TV. Rows, president; Charles Mo-
Kenzle. vice president; "W. E. Collins, record
ing secretary; Charles Stiekel, treasurer; H.
J. Kieser. financial secretary.
Board of directors— Al Kuhn, L. A. Richter,
V.\ A. Dugran, L.. Harris. J. S. Means, Wil
liam W. B. Trembley, J. Daly.
Reception committee— Victor Relter, E. R
Moss. Otto Loft Michael Meyer, James
Mourns. W. A. Near, Andy Buerk, W. Tur
ner. John Talt. Georse Wllllam«, Fred Er
rett. W. A. Hagen, Ed TtuMc. S. T. Lucas
Harry McKenzle, L. Hess. Dan Shea.
During the past year Mack & Co.,
wholesale druggists at 13 Fremont street,
have been systematically robbed of drugs
valued at several thousand dollars. Fall
ing to discover the culprits the proprietors
employed a private detective agency to
assist them, as it was evident that the
work was being done by somebody who
was in the employ of the company.
In seme way the action of the druggists
in enlisting the services of the detectives
became known and the wholesale thefts
suddenly stopped. Suspicion was- direct
ed, however, to a young man named Ike
Muller, who was wont to tread the prim
rose path, and who at one time was em
ployed by the firm. Muller learned that
the detectives were after nlm and pacKed
his grip and left the city.
About three weeks ago two hundred
ounces of cocaine, worm $1400, were se
cretly taken from a locker ln .the store,
together with some other drugs. The
manager of the company after learning
of the theft went to poll's headquarters
and enlisted the services of Captain of
.Detectives Seymour Ln running aown the
culprits. After an investigation Seymour
was convinced that the Job was done by
somebody connected with the establish
ment and he detailed Detective Tom Gib
son on the case.
Gibson learned that the cocaine .had
been given to* two young men named Dave
Davis, who Is employed in a cigar store
on Dupont street, and William H. Geran,
a professional accordion player, to sell.
Gibson subsequently saw the two men
standing at Bush street and Grant avenue.
Concealing himself in a doorway he
awaited developments. Presently he no
ticed Geran pass Davis a package, and
together they walked down the street.
The detective followed them to a drug
store on Powell street, where they sold
twelve ounces of the drug for $48, being
£6 leas than the market price.
As the two men left the store they were
placed under arrest and taken to the City
Prison, where their names were regis
tered on the "small" book.
Geran after being locked up sent for
Gibson and made e. complete confession.
He implicated two employes of the com
pany, who will be arrested to-day. Muller,
who Is at present In La Grande, Or., will
also be prosecuted. A dispatch was Bent
ast night to the police of La Grande ask
ing them to hold him until a warrant can
be issued for his arrest. Both the pris
oners accuse Muller of obtaining drugs
from the storo for them to sell. They say
that the stuff was stolen by two of the
employes and passed to Muller, who on
account of having worked for the com
pany was given the privilege of visiting
the store. He would then meet Geran and
Davis and tell them to sell the stolen
drugs for whatever prico they could get.
Muller exacted two-thirds of the amount
realized on the stuff, while the remainder
went to Geran and Davis. The police have
already recovered about $1500 worth of
cocaine and other drugs taken from the
store. They expect to recover some more
to-day.
Muller. who. It is claimed, is one of the
arch conspirators, is a brother of Joe Mul
ler. who is at the head of a theatrical
company which is playing ln Oregon. It
is believed that "Ike." for whom the po
lice are looking, is with him.
Two of the Men Who Have Been
Selling the Property Arrested
and Locked Up in the
Tanks. . •
Systematic Looting of Their
Store' by Dishonest
Employes. ,
COSTLY DRUGS
STOLEN FROM
MACK & CO.
i H. E. Huntington, first vice president
of the Southern Pacific Railroad. Is ex
pected to arrive in this city any day now
from the East. He left New York City
last week to visit his old home ln Oneonta,
N. Y.. It has been reported that C. M.
Hays, the prospective new president of
the Southern Pacific, would accompany
Mr. Huntington to the coast, but no In
formation to that effect has been received
by any of the local officials of the com
pany. It is more probable that Mr. Hays
will wait until the first of the year
before coming out here, aa his new duties
will begin at that time.
It seems to be pretty well understood
that Mr. Huntington will resign as first
vice president with the beginning of the
year. Mr. Huntington has, for some time
past, expressed a desire to be relieved of
much of the executive work that has
fallen upon him since the death of Collis
P. Huntington.. The nephew of the late
president was the latter's right hand man
for a long time and what little he was
not called upon to do while Collis P.
Huntingdon was alive he has had to look
after since his death.
As president of the Market Street Rail
way Company Mr. Huntington will have
quite enough "to occupy his attention -when
not attending to the affairs of the Hunt
ington estate and some extensive petro
leum interests.
J. C. Stubbs, third vice president, will
naturally take Mr. Huntington"s place as
first vice president. Mr. Stubbs has been
general traffic manager for fifteen years,
and ln 18S9 he was given the title of third
vice president. The office of second vice
president has been vacant since the pro
motion of C. H. Tweed as chairman of the
board of directors
There is a feeling that Mr. Hays will
do away with the titles of third and
fourth vice presidents, as these offices
have amounted to little more than the
name since they were created. Julius
Kruttschnitt, who Is the fourth vice presi
dent, would probably be brought up to
second vice president, continuing, as at
present, to be general manager. William
H. Mills, land agent of the- company, and
who was formerly vice president of the
Central Pacific, Is said to be slated for
third vice president.
That Mr. Hays will follow an economic
policy goes without saying If his manage
ment of the Grand Trunk road Is any
criterion. It has never been Mr. Hays'
policy to cut salaries. On the contrary,
he is Inclined to raise them. His method
of keeping down expenses is to consoli
date offices and weed out some posi
tions that have long since become sine
cures.
A prominent business man, who has Just
returned from the East and who is a
warm friend of the new president, said
yesterday that he would not be at all
surprised If Hays brought several well
known Eastern railroad workers to the
coast with him. He was almost certain
that F. H. SIcGuigan, general superin
tendent of the Grand Trunk, would be
given a position under Hays, as the two
nave long been closely related with one
another ln the railroad business. Mc-
Guigan was appointed to his present po
sition through Mr. Hays, who took him
from the Wabash. where he was super
intendent of the Western division. Mc-
Guigan was born in Cleveland and is Just
•40 years old.
SCHEDULE NOT SATISFACTORY.
Southern Pacific's Employes Will Not
Get What They Ask.
Manager J. A. Fillmore spent the great
er part of yesterday listening to the
twenty-five delegates who are here from
the Southern Pacific's various divisions
for the purpose of securing a revision of
the conductors', brakemen's and yard
men's working schedule. There is much
detail work to be gone over, and Cnair
man Stafford stated last evening that It
may take another week to settle the mat
ter. The schedule takes in over 5000 miles
of road.
Assistant Manager Foster said yester
day that there were a number of items
embodied in the revised schedule which
the company could not accept. "We are
willing to be fair with our men," said he
"but if we give them all they asked it
wouldn't take long to bankrupt the road.
I do not think a strike would result, even
though we declined to accept any part of
the new schedule. The men have had one
experience with a strike, and I don't be
lieve they want anpther."
Acetylene Gas for Headlights.
Acetylene gas is being substituted for oil
by the Southern Pacific Company for use
in illuminating Its engine headlights. The
mechanical department of the Santa Fe
Is now making experiments with the gas
to determine its utilltyfor headlight pur
poses. General Manager Kruttschnitt
stated yesterday that the Southern Pacific
had found the gas preferable to oil, al
though its use had not yet been brought
down to a thoroughly practical basis. The
gas throws a very vivid light, which is
much more penetrating than the oil Illu
mination. Some fifteen of the Southern
Pacific engines are now equipped with the
new style light.
Railroad Men Take Up New Work.
T. M. Schumacher arrived ln the city
from the East yesterday and began his
new duties as general freight agent for
the Union Pacific. Mr. Schumacher suc
ceeds William H. Davenport, who was re
cently made general agent for the Colo
rado Midland here, succeeding H. C. Bush
who was transferred to- Denver. Mr.
Davenport also commenced his new du
ties yesterday.
F. H. McGxdgan, General Superin
tendent of Grand Trunk Road,
Slated for Important
Work Here.
H. E. Huntington Likely to
Resign Place With the
Southern Pacific.
HE MAY GIVE UP
HIS POSITION AS
VICE PRESIDENT
THE SAN FRA1S CISCO CALL, FRIDAY, NOVEMBER 2, 1900.
14
Spices, Extracts,
Soda, Bakinff Powder
/' : > C0mc Just to See • .... ; : .
IgliniiiiipoitiilBjjJo.
-S9 S™? 1 »» e -.'"':*>«^ ¦ Sutter.".' and : - Port' at*"'.
861 Market »t.; ovv- Pow«n. • . ¦.
62 Market «., Junctron California. V
OUR BRANCH STORE3 EVEBYWHXRB.
Jmany GlVen 11 VV
. Trunks * traveling bas«. Before buying m
our "bureau trunk." a. B. Smith Co.. 12S ElUa.*
K Fish has .very high^. f ood i value-In fact
turkey. U 7 " nutrUIo «» " chicke^r
DR.MCNULTY.
mniS\VErX-K:*O~N AND RELIABLE OLD
I Special is tct*rej Blood Poison, Cionorrhosa.Oleet,
.Strlctnrc, Seminal Weakness, Impotence and their
allied Disorders. Rook on Diseases Of Man, fre«.
Over20jears>xp«r^ence.TeTimreasonabl«.Hour»,
9to3tlaiIy;6:30to3.30eT I es.SanclaT!t,i0tolXCon«il-
utionfreeandsacrfdllyconfldentUl. Call or address
P. ROHCOE MeXUI.TS'.ai.'D.
jjo ii Kearny » t. ? Ban JFrayylaco, Cat
JUDGE OF THE SUPERIOR COURT,
UNEXPIRED TERM,
FRANK fl. KERRIGAN,
REGULAR REPUBLICAN NOMIH_C
|^^^^^ DR^K.!! WALSH
SU% OSABT STREET
¦ . .• Between Hyde and LaxWa. . .
T«I«pnone Pollc 113S.. ¦ "¦ ¦ - - • .
All your money refunded by any dealer If not
satisfied with a smoke of the "American"
clear Havana clear. •
Ladies' tailor-made ; suits, silk E ikirta, fur
capw; liberal credit. M. Rothschild, 628 Sutter. •
_*^S? 4? rNCOB^ODATED UMIpM 5$UARE AvC,
What Friday Means
What Saturday Means
To -Young Men!
¦£" Opposite we picture two
(^^/ d^^^> very swell Scotch Suits,
;. . V J t^j about as handsome gar-
< 1 Wm1\ J^j\^ ments as you have ever
¦"'/¦ ¦ XU Vr /fflj? f\ H our eyes upon;
it 111' ( bf<^* \ cleverly tailored, skill-
¦ Lj) If/? I T L 1 fully gotten up, snappy,
W v iviil \\ itej bright and stylish Win-
7^ /y \ T^FT Q / er & u its, for young
L^ j \w. / chaps, between the ages
i A ' ''-I I '¦ Y iSslb of twelve and nineteen
I 1 . 1 lyl/i WtU/ o<
V I |i 1\ i This is what Friday
i j I V -f^ i means.
! ; \ J \ H This is what Saturday
* if >i ~ means.
vt' • I ( ''^ /fe^ le P r^ ce >
A pyTTRTTREMJiLN TS>
"WITH
Good Time and Place to Day
What Friday
What Saturday
: MEANS IN RAPHAEL'S BIG AND
POPULAR JUVENILE DEPARTMENT-
It Means the Swellest,
Priced Ridiculously Small==
•^%V / [ \- •''?+''??%'*¦ ft means
£. - ; .-Jfti WSIIWI 1 %«<* Pretty
UMMP'^ml 1<&W Vrr=^V Winter Beef-
•] '/f l-Kl xMy;- WiMfr WWfc^dN 1 sce Pictured
f^^ll^pP^I^^^; P TwUl E l ng-
Ush Serge
f^W^m^> %^Tjk!?^ V c/ieviot -/? 1 a
y <<* ~^^^JMj^^ ° Q Whivoord,
M^^^ ! = M slKplFliiUe
~f^< -•._.-;-- - % - r*' 1 ?"•#—- :SQ q 'years."'
That's What Friday
That's What Saturday
MEANS AT RAPHAEL'S.
I EXTRA! EXTRA! p 0Qf l Jhio AH Qlirl MACKINTOSHES. I
¦ Drummer's Sample Line 110(111 I lIlO HU dllU j^, dSI- bo S5 t "cmt" i
m of Ladies' Wa'«tQ A^Sw dr en's mackintosh. ¦
ra ui L.auie» Wfa SIS. If^.-lll fk M1>M fe^%K ES in the summer months S3
m JTt WSL Ma<3e ot tha Y fl II ! XQUP " "summer prices:" you |J
m d&GSil&zt ver> y «> e «t taf- lull II uflflu vhfbH k^ o K w what ll i at means - *-%
9 ¦^»tt«rs^ » feta silk satin iUUII VUBW Aff (j They are made of extra f?
M cashmere and / JTS fine , , ? ua J lty , checked M
BB tSi i&M^ French flnnnoi R| I \ \\ mackintosh cloth, plaid B9
H /jrarWTO^V wwarewm: MniiQl/ / S^ Uned - double breaitiS . 13
H /nr^ffiS3??k\ med with fin ™t Iff I | nil - (I \ \\ «P«. velvet collars. fc.i
SI VaSUK-WSBSK/ff^I lacC9 ' stitched IllWllWJl V J 1 Ladles' size 82.75 m
m taffeta or gatin; : ChUdr en* s slzo.... S^.to tl
*M i «Sn.| Y \M embroidered or i i i v\" • ______ . ¦ fe 1
i UC/ i- & fs 1 new ta'Vailtl PRICES THAT SURPRISE. ||
I these samples. y« will Had In BEAUTIFIERS. VALUES THAT TELL. i
£3 LABIES* FLANNEL, WAISTS OUR SPECIALTY. LADIES' BELFAST LINBH |'|
H .„„.:. «i"*<% UWR.OrLtWLII. HANDKERCHIEFS, hemsUtched. ui
¦I LADIES' ALL SILK TA^rtt^a • >»•>, 1500 yards VEIL- hand Initialed, unlaundered— Just as |j
m WAISTS.... a^** AA^v^2 f^O?_k • I^Q. made ln a11 they carno from lhe nunneries; oth- v%
Pi Manv hAtt«- oT-«""v O-5.WO ¦ tlC4rJw the newest meshes, erwlse they would cost Just twice i."i
M ranging- from sm P o« heai>€r »»F rade3 #ti3t_TS_W^ dotted and plain ef- the price we are asking liiVsO J J
¥li each S1.35 to g35.oo iffMs^^iA fects - bl « ck and il
I «e bought t^ m for 60c on the dot /llPPtA *&*£&£*}& We Sel1 the Best for the |
I s^ a % P ' atron t f /P$Pfj ftWS^aa? Least Money. H
H safe at 0 rarre/t-street entrance. }~JL^lViJ»- urda3r ' 8 :i^- l case of ladies- fast BLACK ||
ill W-.^. j d>* •• . ' * * " " oC HOSE, the new lace effect, made of 1 1
Hi TVOlTien and Children's til c n __¦• «.. finest Peruvian yarn, perfect In every %\
M !/«•?* j ii ni ! UIC11 * We Sell the Most Rlhhnns detail. We bought them at an extra- ?|
m Knitted Underwear. o ¦ %%, J* muuons crd inariiy low n^ure and we give you £4
I CHILDREN-S COMBINATION BetMUSe We Sell the th. beneflt ot our P urc h a~....l 2 fce fJ
I IS^k 1 ? 1 co 1 an s^ e :.! nade of HJ Best for the Least. MOTHERS, ATTENTION! 1 1
l ifM^i^F^ 1^ BgS_^_f^Sg&S^^fc FA^ I S_A% N K a HOfl_2 r^(- S 5-S I
W& lea Irt ' Bhrunk-and med- newest Pastel and Fall shades, full toes and Knees, full length. Swiss Ml
SI L_VDiWq > ''rn\fnTv r ;'^VAxT'oT'^^P' fiv 5 lnch f, 3 . Compare pur price ribbed: made of flnest Egyptian cot* Bj
M allwool i «t^S^? IN^ TI a O '7 S Iv2?^ and quality and- you will be con- ton. Here's a chance to buy ever- 14
I Sd^edic^^.f 1 !^v S -! S^^
I Our Prices and Quality .,,,„„ Prices Way Down, but I
II Mcke Us Busy. yj{^|»K Not in Quality. M
m O^PULLFY BF?TS N \P^ C^ _--i T i-=4 : V<g] - 1 LADIES' GOLF OR WALK- M
M the best I\\ J^t^f 1^ 1^! % jJMF JJOJllU % 4\6\*Mlh£.L I NG SKIRTS-Made of extra M
Wi ehfeld shnni hipir l^' / 1 ? b vf^ 1 AfXM*nflWJRf!&ll/F*Bfo hf.avy all-wool golfln? cloth, cut |3
1 E' UPtB '°* t°v°- __1ffl_lH_1SS^_lk I
g The Store That Is WfrJ^KyKl jkj^j?!^^ Store News. ||
M KnOWn for HoneSt " V_n fltH-J l tfffiti3Hi •xt£t»35[2 Ladles' 'Striped- Flanneletta ii
IHh r\ •• /— " 'III TJa S Wm t^ k^ — — aEJKg Gowns *4f)e wi
Dealings. 11^ Ladies' Colored Flanneletta ||
Wk R f?,^ T A P IES ' H0SE sup - *p8pgJff5W--WlWriaii--r Ladles* and" ¦Gents'" Steef^od 11
\m PORTLR&-The belt Is made of • li •Jf#8 iwii'ldSr Umbrellas, covered with rain- Si
MM best satin, lined with extra TJUff iffl JlWl IIHwIIH J Jl* \tW ¦ proof Gloria cloth.. ...... .40c M
m heavy tw 11 dpth flnlshed- with VKvJM -*A _P^ XXX Stockinet Dress Shields. U
PiM • fancy frilled elastic with rubber ~M-_~-. y -l A m -f* 1 _y^ ¦ paiT — * fl
m S On 'w,. meta1^ clasps-colors . ..- li||j| m^JUl" 1 . \ .¦,-¦ Ladies' White .- Hemstitched* M
Wi %& y el!ow 0 a " d ¦- • : ••"-::.••••. :..^ 'Handkerchiefs, drawn work- E
WM black. Our price.... ,25c .. • ...... ;.":.'¦- ' ::¦'.:., .- : '^-^'-ettect .........,..;.,....... ....Sa : ..-:-m
M AH That Is New and Swell No Better^ Gowns for AVe Don't \V^nt to Boast* r 1
m , in Even More IVIpney^^^v^:^
m NECKWEAR : -85.do_ea LADIES GOWNS, made 4i<A C™ Mb /0U fat
m You Will Find at Rosen- n^^&v^i&d^^
m * hprn'c vdth rum^ ot fine law a;M sizes" i^:/f,^%,^ Intmtew our cor- W
KJ £\ uciy». tra width. We never boast, but you </ l/'^V^)^ *et demonstrator. II
M ft* % The new FANCT i n^ By theDJ d O uWe the.prlc .} M?i V^ CT ftfl fnrc«* U
OB YL^Vi'l LAWN OVERCOLLAR, '•: ask : ' ii....,.....,,.,,3J>c ~i'' lV -*."^i. V ¦"•W "LOrSCt *1
yi t)~>bJ made of very finest linen -Sale Q'Farrell-street entrance. '¦¦:'' vZrfflr\ X f rti , ci i\l\ "i.- : '-'^m
KM \i -Jg lawn; trimmed with the • •• . ¦ •¦¦.-.•¦. ,.-..:¦ : *:£• ('.'/ y \ lOr Ol.UU . ¦
iM ¦ fZOe-X new Maltese lace.... 29o IT'<* TRIIF .•N\v > 'Av // TA. «-- _f;/;#— t«
f?3 &flflV stock COLLAR and ¦ ¦ *> I KUL. : */ V C-%\^| / new Mi li tar, , ||
1 I1L F£ $l - 50 Lad]es> Wrapper }^% Wffi%&%5&
m .^-.^S^" 2^^- •;¦•" " 5 9, c Made of the best Flannelette, in L,7 he^ T»*rrtietb Century Hand-Cat^ fe|
W$ VELVET STOCK COLLARS, made striped and flower effects, epautetta Bias- Gored Corset ~ ¦
m of best quality velvet, trtnuned with over the shoulder, deep, flounce at Thev are all mail- nf th - h..» i— 'it
m fancy overcollar of colored satin and the bottom, lined throughout, full rJ^5 T.^Ln! SJ^ «S_%V_t__?_ t i m " ' U
m velvet ribhon All different comblna- length and width/ Your money sav- Kold^red ot lac^^n'trfrf^^itk^P* U
m tions. For Friday and Saturday 25c Ing opportunity .....f.OSc These Co«i^ C come ?? aU tha^r Cl
H \fY^v H -^^^ I T A MJT? ( i T rv EK nnr TO rt O Ask to * e « tn ° n * w Metaf R'bbon *^, sh t a^"l_^ ur «fferln«_ for to-day U
PW MANY TO ENUMERATE, our ad- •«,_¦ , L . . . „_ ••¦ _ .. an d to-morrow at our cnallenire !-i
m vice. COME AND BE CONVINCED. Clasp, the la tes t Parisian craze. price s lToS £ j
f| BEST QUALITY I I 1 \i. W\t |^ P/ |\|''K'-Hi-lv I ? XX BUCK COR- H
I STEEL SAFETY O \J U ltV/UUll UULYVJ , DUR0Y DRESS ||
m PINS ONLY 3c A Q\fZ lV/I a i- Lr £_ f< .Cfi r Ait.' BINDING ONLY 3a ¦
m dozen. OIO IVlarKCt otTGCC, 4 yard. M
Hi Mall Orders Solicited. RUNNING THROUGH TO 11 O'FARRELL. [|
PHELAN BUII.DING.. , / ,1
"The Raglan"
The Raglan on Fridau. The Raglan on Saturday.
The jRaglaini for Saieday Wear
tThe Raglan for every
stylish chap in town, be
he 8 years, he he 16 years,
"W^i s(^&$\\ $ s ie Ra & an > espec-
2S^ n >r • H \ a^y fye' Raglan in the
/^^W( r I \ St0 - 1ie Gray shades and
I i U 4 I uM le waiJ we ' ve built
f \ M i\ W)0J$l the Raglan. •
I Ji I! 'ri\'- Fi\il7 r ° W> ihe fta&an is a
\V^-'V tY I FW § 12 coat > if y° lb find it,
\ 3J1 1 r in some stores.
WT \ \ ! f T llG Ra £ l an on Friday
\ a II 1 The Raglan on Satur- \
\.h \ \ J day will be— (that's if
O I _Jm W£ we have any le ft Satur-.
' '// " Si ¦ ill! M Qi I"™ Q C
I
; ; A: Pure Sterilized Cocoa-
• nut :Fat.;/ Guaranteed ; ; free
from animal matter; ; v : ;
: For Shortening and
: ; :. ">J\-, ;:¦¦ : ; ';;Fryfns: ; :;-;- ; • (£{ : i
j Superseding Butteiv Lard
and Compounds. ;~ ¦ ¦
f Ask your grocer or write |
India Ref in ing Co., I
• /¦•¦•! • Philadelphia. ;'V./ ; :i ' : -
ADVERTISEMENTS.