Strange Freaks of the Storm in Its Mad
Career of Terror Through the City
Sidewalks and Fences Are /Torn Away, Roofs
Are Blown Off and Basements Flooded.
RACED ON THE WIND!
PRICE FIVE CENTS,
SAN FRANCISCO, SATURDAY, DECEMBER >15, 1900.
VOLUME IiXXXIX-XO. 15.
Weird Morning Spectacle at Works of the
San Francisco Gas and Electric Company.
Sets It on Fire and Utterly /Destroys It.
Flames Shoot Two Hundred Feet Into the
Black Clouds as Structure Collapses.
Lightning Strikes a Mammoth > Gasometer,
CITY STORM SWEPT !
Lightning, rain and wind took possession of San Francisco
yesterday morning and left crushed structures, dismantled build
ings and the wreck of walks, fences, pole's, signs and windows in
their train. For the first time in the history of the city lightning
struck and did damage. One of the giant gasometers of the San
Francisco Gas and Electric Company at Bay and Buchanan streets
was struck by lightning and destroyed. The storm continued for less
than half an hour, but\for one minute the wind attained the unpar
alleled velocity of sixty miles an hour. Its average was forty
eight miles an hour.
Inmates Escape Imminent Death in Mass of
Crashing Timbers and Flying Furniture,
Hurled From Its- Foundations the Structure
Crumbles to the Ground a Wrecked Heap.
Building on Bartlett Street Crushed Under
r the Tremendous Force of a Raging Wind
TOPPLE LIKE CARDS !
Continued on Second Pass.
*¦ — — — *—— — »*— — i^i^» i-^i
The collapse of the Bartlett-street house
was "not • the only^ serious damage done ; to
city buildings. An unoccupied * two-* tory
house owned by John Keneally , and which
Mad Freaks of the Wind in Its
Wild Course Over the
Streets of the Cltu.
CRUMBLED LIKE
HOUSES OF CARDS
LIGHTNING STRIKES
A GIANT GASOMETER
Sheet of Flame Sent Two Hun
dred Feet Into the Air and
1 Structure Destroyed.
Ore of tnc weirdest and most extraor
dinary dlsastere of the storm was that tn
which on* of th* gasometers of the £an
- "The storm was * at its highest In this
city at 10:20 a. m," said Weather Prophet
.McAdie; in discussing 1 the matter last
night. '-'The wind blew at the rate of six
ty miles an hour for one minute over the
Mills building, .according to .the record
made by the automatic instruments, and
th£. velocity for five minutes about the
same. time was forty-eight miles an hour.
The wind blew from the southeast.
And now for the causes of all the storm
and stress and damage. •
Unparalleled Velocity of the
• Wind When the Storm Was
v at Its Height.
SIXTY MILES AN
HOUR IN THE CITY
At McAllister -and Jones and Market
streets the "storm creajted .considerable
damage. A tier of stone on the building in
process «f erection there was blown down
and a derrick toppled under the tremend
ous ¦ power of ¦• the » wind. ! Sections of the
roof -oftthe old building;on Fulton street
which was formerly occupied as a college
of pharmacy were blown,' away. • Cornices
on; the .Mechanics* Pavilion, 'were torn
away and hurled into - shop* windows , on
Larkln street, causing considerable dam
age. A large Fection : of the fence which
incloses, the" site, of the.Baldwin Hotel; on
the "Market street* side,; was- blown down
.with . a crash. Valuable windows were
b'rokenTandia. great sign on the. building
at J; 667 '. Market street crashed . from ; its
; fastenings and fell forty feet to ; the
ground. No, one was. injured; and- police
officers were' Immediately placed on guard.
' On one of the railroad's bridges 'which
span | the cross streets at Twenty-ninth
and Dolores streets five large corrugated
sheets of iron were - dislodged and sent
flying before the wind for ' a . distance of
four blocks. Notwithstanding all of this
damage to ' property there is no record
of; personal injury to any person.
The big fence that incloses 'the
grounds , at Folsom and Fifteenth streets
was considerably, shaken and a portion of
it was blown down. The whole will have
to be repaired.
In addition to .the houses __ that were
blown downi through t tho Mission district,
advertising,-, fences were destroyed all
along the: streets lines. . -Valencia from
Market to Twenty-sixth was swept clean
o'f all board • fences. Other portions of
the warm belt, suffered likewise/ leaving
streets and sidewalks impassable until
men appeared and removed the obstruc
tions. Electric and telegraph poles went
by\wholesale, as did . fllmslly constructed
sheds and. outhouses. In . one case the
front wall and roof of a stable at the-cor
ner, of Potter and West Mission streets
were blown away and made Into kindling
wood. ;*.»'
. The basement of the Levi* Strauss
building, at : 7 and 9 Battery street was
flooded as a result of sewer obstructions.
and 3171 Sixteenth street and northeast
corner of .'Sixteenth Folsom streets.
¦ ' ¦ ¦ . ¦ • j
Crossed wires in the branch office of the
American District Telegraph Company at
839 Sutter street completely demolished
last night about 8:30 o'clock the entire
service of the district covered by the of
fice. The switchboard was burned out
and several hundred boxes were rendered
useless. An alarm was rung in from box
41 and the fire was quickly extinguished.
The building, was but slightly damaged.
The loss will probably reach $1000.
or me citu.
Crossed Lines Bestron the Ser
, vice in a Large Section
BURNED OUT ALL
MESSENGER WIRES
When the storm was at its height one of
the historic objects of San Francisco was
destro>ed.- It was the great white cross
which towered from the crest of Lone
Mountain. This is the second time that
the . cress has l»een destroyed. The wind
broke it from its foundations and toppled
It over the^skle of the hill. When night
came a cro'wd of boy* ascended the hill
and set fire* to the fallen cross-. The blaze
could be seen :n every part of the city.
THE SEVEREST STORM IN THE HISTORY. OF SAN FRANCISCO SWEPT
THE CITY YESTERDAY MORNING. WHEN I-IGHTNING, RAIN AND ¦
TvlND CREATED A REIGN OF TERROR.'
Fences, Sidewalks, Poles, Roofs
and Slans Hurled From
Their Fastenings.
" Numerous sewer breaks, damages t»
sewers, sidewalks and fences were ¦ re
ported to tho Bureau of Streets yester
day as a .result of the violent storm. The
sidewalk on Kentucky street, from the
car house to First avenue, a distance of
several blocks, was undermined by the
rain and the wind blew one end up and
over on the other side. The electric
wires and twenty-five poles were blown
down and the roadway made Impassable.
All the telegraph and telephone poles
which were attached to the ivooden side
walks went with tHe debris and left the
place Impassable until help arrived from,
the city and cleared the way. At the.
time the sidewalk wm pitched about
Louis Baker, a dairyman living at Nine
teenth avenue/ and Bay View, was struck
by pieces of flying' lumber and badly cut
about the head and face., He was treated
by Dr. Dewitt and, sent to his home.
Just before the hurricane started Dr.
DEATH WAS RACING
THROUGH THE AIR
side world early this morning.
ern Pacific and Santa Fe roads' hope again
to be in telegraphic touch with th« out-
to our wires than many storms of much
longer duration." said Manager Richard
son, of the Southern Pacific, yesterday af
ternoon. "We have practically no means
of communication with the outside world,
and it is difficult to tell just how much
damage has been done to our lines.
"Every pole from Oakland pier to West
Oakland is down, also between Shell
Mound and West Berkeley ,and many poles
along the bay shore above Sixteenth street
have been wrecked. We have been able to
receive only meager weather reports from
the various divisions. A roof was blown
off a shed, at Alameda mole and the de
bri3 was strewn over our tracks, delaying
¦the trains for some timo. A tree was
also blown over tho tracks at Alameda.
and It was necessary to send a wrecking
crew to remove the obstruction."
The Southern Pacific could not get a
•word from any of Its operators on the,
Salt Lake or Coast divisions. The issuing
of a weather report, consequently, had to
be abandoned. A big gang of men was
sent out Immediately after the storm to
replace broken poles and reset tangled
and twisted wires, and both the South-
Southern Pacific and. Santa Fe
'. Are Shut Ofr From tne
Outside World.
; .Tn* railroads report that their tale
graph poles were bowled over Ilk© ten
pins . by ¦ the storm. "It did more injury
DAMAGE DONE TO
RAILROAD PROPERTY
fronts of buildings were blown away.
No part of the city escaped damage-
Fences were blown down, signs were sent
whirling through the air. sidewalks were
torn up, missiles became messengers of
death In the streets. Telegraph and el-c
tric poles were cmaehed into splinters.
Valuable windows gav? way beneath the
terrible force of the wind.
and the srroat tar.k sank with a terrific
crash In utter collapse, its giant steel
frames twisted, its tides Durst by the
tremendous force of blazing gas. It was
a magnificent, awe-insniring spectacle.
Again and again the flashes of deadly
lightning blazed from the black clouds.
One flash struck an electric car as it
moved along Flllmore street toward Bush.
The car was filled with children struck
dumb arjd nerveless by terror. The shock
passed through them, but inflicted no in
jury, and In a moment the panic-stricken
occupants were out tn the street in the
blinding storm.
The wind was raging with tremendous
violence. A two-story basement and at
tic house at 522 and 524 Bartlett street was
torn from its foundations of concrete and
brick and thrown eight feet. ICot an un
broken board was left In it- Furniture
was thrown about with deafening crash,
yet out of the wreck and ruin the three
occupant* escaped without a scratch. On
Preclta avenue another two-story build-
Ing was crushed into kindling wood. On
Noe street the top story of a building wa3
torn away and in other parts of the city
THE people of San Frar.cisea
passed yesterday morning a
half-hour of terror which
they will never forget. The
elements were at war upon
the city. For one minute the
wind raced at the rate of
•Ixty miles an hour. The rain poured in
torrents from bla^k fckles, the thunder
boomed with the deafening sound of can
non and lightning flashed Its way • from '
out of the clouds into the city. It was
the shortest, severest, deadliest etorm in
the history of San Francisco. For the
tirt*t time in our existence lightning added
ft* terrifying devastation to the wrecking
power of the elements.
While the storm was at its height, while
ter> wind was howling, fences were fal!
fr.R. bunding* were collapsing and mi?
* lies were scurrying through the air. thtre
<-ame a blinding flash of lierhtn-ing. W'tn
uranc;' 1 fatality It struck one of the mam
moth eascir.eters of the San Francisco
Gas and Electric Company at Bay and
Buch~r.a:i streets. In an instant a tiny
blue Hame shot around the enormous
structure of Fteel and iron. A column of
fire shot 200 feet up into the black eky
structure is a comparatively new one
owned by the" Comerford- estate. The upper
flat was occupied by Mr. and Mrs.'Alex
ander McBride and the' lower by H. ! J.
Pierce and family. The building waa two
stories In height with* a high" basement
Second In serious interest in the story of
the storm's devastation wai thedestruc
tlon of the building known as 622 and 624
Bartlett street, near Army •• street. This
Inmates Escape Miraculously
From the Menace of Instant
Death In the Ruins,
BUILDING CRUSHED
UNDER RAGING WIND
As if by a miracle, not a person in or
around the works was injured. Tons of
iron and steel collapsed into twisted, giant
masses, but no man was struck.'
In a few minutes, however, they recov
ered their senses, the flames were extin
guished and all danger of further disaster
was over. Presdent Crockett, who took
charge of affairs, estimates the damage at
a sum between $5000 and $7000. No incon
venience was caused to gas consumers,
and the gasometer will be rebuilt at once.
If in its mad freak the lightning had
struck* the larger gasometer, containing
2,000,000 cubic ieet of gas, It is Impossible
to estimate what the damage would have
been. Eye-witneFses of the explosion yes
terday say that the flame which ascended
into the sky seemed to be four blocks
square.
In an instant a small blue flame quiv
ered its way around the circumference of
the top of the holder. There was a deaf
ening crash and a great volume of flame
shot 200 feet into the sky. The enormous
eteel structure wavered, the great sup
porting columns swayed outward and with
irresistible crash the whole fabric col
lapsed. The flames had spread to two
towering tanks near by, and the mam
moth adjoining gasometer seemed in im
minent danger. But the workmen were
paralyzed wth fear.
The gas works are on the bay shore and
received the full force of the raging wind.
Not fifty feet away from the destroyed
gasometer, which had a capacity of 240,000
cubic feet of gas. Is another,-* which tow
ers to a height of 104 feet and has a capac
ity of 2.000,000 cubic feet of gas. The storm
had been raging for twenty minutes when
out of the southwestern sky there came
a blinding flash of lightning. It struck
the top of the holder, burst the iron
wheels and supports and wrenched open
the top of the gasometer.
Francisco Gas and Electric Company, at
Bay and Buchanan streets, was destroyed.
When the storm was at^its very height,
at 10:20 o'clock, the smallest of the gaso
meters," a giant structure, of steel and
iron seventy-nine feet in diameter and
forty feet high, was struck. by lightning
and destroyed. This is the only instance
in the history of the city "where damage
has ever been done by lightning.
; -Fences ' were 1 ; blown 1 down ,6n.
street ; between ¦ Thirteenth , and t Hermann* 1
southeast corner^ of '-'Flf t'eenthTand Valen
cia' streets, 'northeast , and ' southwest I^cor
ner* '• j>t ; Valencia • and; -Clinton " ; ? Park,
Thirteenth* and: Fillmore streets, "342*, 8217
¦ f ' On; the ' southeast '..' corner '. of Fifteenth
and Folsom streets fifty feet of fence. was
blown 'down, and 'forty feet of; one on t the
west* side : of, ; Mission ! street, near -Four r '
teehth was : al8o ; leveled ; to* the ground. .^
The entire front of : the grocery,; of
F. ' Fox, at . Fourteenth and ; Guerrero
streets,'- was also blown out with a conse
quent damage of several hundred dollars.
A carriage repairing and blacksmith , shop
en ; Mission street, near. Thirteenth, was
reduced to ¦ kindling wood.' : The ' damage
'was not material, however; .'as ' the. build
ing was but a- shack."- Fortunately no one'
was : hurt. ;
The house hextTto it. saved It i from be
ing blown over. ' '¦: It. was formerly I occu
pied by, Rev. ) "Dr.* Pond.
Among th many pranks of the storm
was Tone which It .played upon the ' gro
cery of Henry Sturcke, ,on the south
east corner .of Fourteenth ind Mission
streets. Two plate glass windows of the
store were - lifted ' out' of - their frames
and carried across the street into a lot.
Sturcke had Just ornamented his. show
window with a choics lot" of Christmas
goods which were swept to the four winds
of heaven. The ioss thus sustained
amounts to seVeraT hundreds of dollars,
as'the rain, poured ' Into jthe . store and
soaked everything within its reach., *
The ' top story on a three-story: new
building on Noe street,- between Henry
and Fourteenth,' collapsed when hit by a
sudden gust which stole around the south
ern end of thV Twin "PeakB. 1 . The building
was being erected by James .Kennedy,
who lives at 30 Ivy - avenue. Kennedy's
loss Is of a" trifling; character, 'as the lum
ber which toppled over is as good as new.
Tlic Injured man 'was removed next door
to the office. of Dr. A. Rossi, where his
injuries were ¦ dressed. \ He .suffered more
from the shocjt than .from- contact with
the falling timbers.' The structure is used
as a stable and is owned by A. Matronl. :
Angelinl Stagelihi, a stableman em
ployed in the Venetian stable at 633 Green
street, was injured' about the : head and
body by the falling of the. entire front ."of
the stable 'during the heavy storm. The
front waH'of th'e'structuredropped on the
side'.valk :with a terrific noise and people
came running from all quarters to see. the
wreck. Stagelinl was fortunate to escape
so easily. As soon as he heard the noise
of rending, timbers : he rushed into the
street and managed to clear the wallby a
narrow, margin. 'Had he .been a , second
late iie would have been. crushed to death,
as the wall weighed many tons. ¦ That no
one was .passing at- the time is a: miracle.
had just been. moved to'Precita avenue',
between Folsom street and Treat avenue'
by W. S. Covey, was reduced to splinters.;
The jacks were'.s.tlll .under the structure, j
but when the terrific wind struck it there;
was a crash and j the : building collapsed
into a total wreck.- No one, fortunately,
was hurt, and' the building was not worth'
more than $1000." ,:•,*•"
and attic. The structure rested upon a
concrete and brick foundation. '
Almost at the very .J moment that the
storm was playing - havoc at. the j gas
works, the Bartlett = street building, was
giving way beneath .'the raging • wind
.which howled through the cut down Army
street. The structure wavered, shook
and then seemed -to slide from its foun
dation, toward "an adjoining house. With
a crash the rear stairs, which ascended to
the second floor, gave way and were pre
cipitated into .the yard. The; boards* and
beams, .which supported the main house
ten feet above the ground, Crumpled as If !
they were pasteboard and the house with
thundering sound toppled to the ground,
girders breaking, chimneys toppling,
doors smashing and windowB ' being
wrenched from their places.
Within the house pandemonium reigned.
The^nly Inmates were Mrs. McBrlde on
the top floor and Mrs. Pierce and her
mother, Mrs. Ramsey, a feeble woman
seventy years of age, on the lower floor.
The scene in the house as they describe !t
was terrifying. They felt first a rocking,
then a terrible swaying. The stoves on
both floors were torn from their supports
and flung across the room. Crashing
glass, breaking chandeliers, shattered
mantles, broken furniture, articles of
every variety. and description were hurled
about the place..
Doors were sent flying from their
.hinges, the floors bulged open into gaping
holes, the plaster of the walls and ceilings
made blinding dust heaps and through,
openings in the attic floor came down the
bricks of the chimneys. It was a scene of
terrtfr. And yet no one In the building
was hurt. -The two younger women es
caped quickly and gave the alarm. En
gine No. 13 responded to a still alarm and
through the daring efforts of Captain
Newell of -the company the elder lady,
Mrs. Ramsey, was saved.
She had become bewildered and could
not force open the door of the flat. Cap-,
tatn Xewell wrenched it from Its support*
and carried the old lady out quite unin
jured. *She is suffering, however, from
the consequences of her fright. The build-'
Ing will be torn down at once. '. Guards
have been placed around it to prevent cu
rious people from entering it and bring
ing Injury upon themselves. The damage
Is estimated at $4000/ It is the opinion of
experts that the superstructure; of- the*
building was too heavy for the foundation
and the wind sweeping with ' full . force
upon the basement caught a vitally weak
•place. _ . ¦ > . . / .
fall In this city shows eighty-eight one
hundredths."
flashes of lightning. Storm warnings
were given at 5 o'clock last night. The
big storm covered from Point Conception
to JCeah Bay. "We got the southern por
tion of the storm. There is a great deal
of wind all over the coast, and the reports
from all the stations show that high
winds are prevailing. Our record of rain-
" "The body of the storm Is now inland.
W« .wilL. hsve unsettled weather to-nior
row and some 8hower3. We had in all six
Lightning Strikes a Fiilmore-Street Car But
Does No Injury to the Crowd Withiri;
The San Francisco Call.Napa" Not Slighted.
NAPA. Dec' 14.— Wind, rain, thunder
and lightning visited Napa' and; vicinity
to-day. - Trees were '-. felled. - one partially
wrecking the office of the : Sawyer Tan
ning ¦ Company.
AMERICAN INTERESTS
¦ WILL BE PROTECTED
Secretary Hay Writes of the Alaskan
Fisheries and Boundary
Disputes,
VANCOUVER, Dec. 14.-L. Edwin Dud
ley. United States Consul at this port,
has just received an official communica
tion from Secretary of State Hay reply
ing to Consul Dudley's inquiries concern
ing the regulations governing miners
within the strip of disputed territory in
Alaska and also regarding the controversy
over the fisheries on the coast of British
Columbia,
Concerning the fishing question the
State Department informs the Consul that
it cannot undertake to advise persons aa
to what course they should pursue in the
matter of fishing in the waters of Dlxon
entrance and Hecate Strait, but it would
endeavor to protect all legitimate Inter
ests of American citizens involved.
Proceeding to the boundary disputes
Secretary ! Hay | refers the Consul to the
modus Vivendi, which he says established
merely a provisional line between the re
spective jurisdictions of the United States
and Cann4a. without prejudice to the
fullest assertion of American rights and
the determination of the true treaty boun
dary when the time shall come for ita
permanent settlement. When that time
comes every legitimate' right under the
treaty of cession of Alaska will be as
serted. In conclusion Secretary Hay
says:
"The rights of the United States in the
matter of treaty boundary are absolutely
Intact and their assertion In due time will
be earnest and thorough."
The Famous Fighter Passes Away at
His Home at Glen Falls,
New York.
ALBANY. N. Y., Dec. 14.— Paddy Ryan,
at one time champion pugilist of the
world, who was defeated by John I*. Sul
livan In their famous fight in Mississippi
some years ago, died at his home in Glen3
Falls this afternoon. &• '
PADDY RYAN, FORMER
CHAMPION PUGILIST, DEAD
VANCOUVER, Dec. ll.-That Salvation
Army men all over the United Stated
are Interested in mining shows that
the Army is willing to take hold of any
thing to advance its work. Two years
ago the Army workers In America wero
invited to subscribe for stock in the
Morning Glory mine near Xelson, B. C
Share3 were floated to the amount of $130,
000 among the members of the Army at
the East. After the shares were exploit
ed $30,000 was spent in Improvements and
on a plant, but a few days ago the prop
erty closed. Litigation arose with the
locators and there Is no indication that
work will be resumed In the near future.
Mining men say that with Intelligent
management they believe the property
could be put upon a paying basis.
With Locators of the
Property.
Work Ceases Because of Litigation
SALVATION ARMY MOTE* .1 . -.
\ CLOSED INDEFINITELY
If a musician utters false notes he .Is a.
counterfeiter. . ¦
companions. Another- fishing boat cap
sized, but both boat and man were saved
by the tug f-.-a. Queen. "Jimmle" Sen
nett's boat was blown nearly to Alcatraz
and there turned over. Jlmmie, however,
reached lant! and <*aved his Whitehall.
He lost his oars and sails, but was glad
to get to this side again in tow of the
General McDowell.
The Puget Sound steamer Walla Walla
had a hard time of It on the run down.
It blew a gale from the time the ves3ei
passed out of the straits of San Juan de
Fuca until San Francisco was reached.
She had barely reached her rtock when
the hurricane broke. There were five
bridal parties on the Walla Walla and
all were glad when they were once more
on terra flrma.
Captain Wallace, superintendent of the
Pacific Coast Steamship Company, was at
Meiggs wharf looking for one of his fleet.
He left his buggy to make an inquiry at
the branch office of the Merchants' Ex
change and while he was gone the wind
took charge of the buggy and blew both
vehicle and horse into a side street. It
took the captain ten minutes to find that
buggy.
The revenue cutter Hartley was over
at the quarantine station when the gale
broke. A start was made for home, but
she rolled so much that the fire grates
dropped out. Luckily there was enough
steam in the boilers to carry her to the
lee of Angel Island, where she anchored
until repairs could be made.
A pile driver lying at Spear-street
wharf was badly damaged, but no one
was hurt.
The ferry steamers had a lively time of
it. The Bay City, which left the Alameda
mole at 9:45 a. m., was caught In tha
storm off Goat Island. The epray broke
clean over the big side wheeler and one
wave carried away one of the lifeboats.
The lower detk was under water nearly
THE storm did not do as much
damage on the water front as
was expected. A tour of the
beach from Melggs wharf to the
Mail dock showed that all the
accidents were minor and that
while- several ships had close calls nearly
all escaped without injury.
Two vessels were making port and
nearly collided on the bar. Two fisher-^
men's boats were capsized, but the flshe'r
men were rescued. A Whitehall boat went,
down, but the occupant was picked up by
a tugboat. One of the ferryboats nearly
turned turtle and an6ther had one of her
lifeboats blown out of the skids, i Houses
were -unroofed, and much minor."- damage
done, but as before stated there was no
serious damage.
The big British ship Dltton and the
American bark J. D. Peters" were both
on the bar . when the sun went down
Thursday night. Both vessels were near
the lightship making port when the gale
struck them. . It was only by the finest
kind of seamanship that a collision was
avoided and then the ship and \>ark stood
out to sea.
Off old Melggs wharf . the . storm held
sway. It was flood tide and the currents
from the Sacramento and San Joaquin
rivers were helping things along. The
wind backed the' waters up -and right
across the bay almost as far as Sausallto
a white wave showed up, making the
pilots remark, "It looks like a breaking
bar." • '
A fisherman coming in was caught in
the tide rip and capsized. His boat, the
Constance, is now at the bottom of the
bay, but the fisherman was saved by his
lshed. The rain for S~ while came flown
in torrents. .The. total for the storm was
.50 of an-inch,' «nd~ for the season 7.22
Inches, against 6.87 inches for the corre
sponding period last season.
Wind and Snow Storm.
RENO, Dec. 14.— A severe windstorm,
accompanied by a heavy fall of snow,
prevails In the Sierra. The wind is blow-
Ing sixty miles an hour. An Ice plant at
Wicks station, a few miles east of
Truckee, was blown down. The storm is
the worst in years. The amount of dam
age done In Reno Is not yeti known.
, I . V.--I- ¦•!
Trees and Fences Leveled.
GILROY, Dec. 14.— A thunder and wind
storm alarmed a portion, of Gilroy's pop
ulation to-day. In fifteen minutes nearly
an inch of rain fell. Trees and fences
were blown down by the galei and be
tween here and San Jose telegraph poles
and trees, are down all along the line.
"Windmills Badly Twisted.
RIO VISTA, Dec. it— One of the fiercest
wind- and rain storms ever experienced' in
this section. did damage to the extent of
several hundred dollars here this fore
noon. Several windmills were twisted out
of shape; chimneys were blown down and
one new barn is a total wreck. 5 : .¦".•
Wind's Pranks at Dbcon.
DIXON, Dec. 14. — The storm to-day was'
the worst that has visited this vicinity in
many years. Barns and windmills were
demolished. Telegraph wires north and
south of here were blown down... Tele
graphic communication was stopped be
tween the hours of 10 and 4. ¦
Telegraph. Wires Go Down.
SACRAMENTO, Dec. 14.— Northern and
Central California was swept by a heavy
storm of rain and wind last night and
to-day. There was a very heavy fall of
rain and hail at this place- this forenoon.
Telephone and telegraph wires were pros
trated In all directions.
George A. Fuller^
CHICAGO, Dec. 14.^Announcement was
made here to-day of the death In New
York City last night of .George A. Fuller
of Chicago, one of the most widely known
contracting architects In tha country. Mr.
Fuller was the originator of the- modern
steel skeleton buildings.
? .'¦ '
Zd{?h.tning* Accompanies Hals.
JAMESTOWN, Dec. 14.— A series of
showers with a thunder and lightning ac
companiment fell here this afternoon.
The precipitation was .60 of an inch. A
severe wind storm did some damage to
telephone and * telegraph lines and blew
down many trees.
Bright Crop Prospects.
GERMANTOWN, Dec. 14.— Rain began
falling here early this morning and con
tinued at Intervals all . day. ' making the
total rainfall for the : season .to .rtato 5.63
Inches. Tho prospects for a large crop
throughout Glenn County 'vreze never
better. • »¦ : - ... .
Will Dispel th« Fog.
WOODLAND, Dec 14.— An inch of rain
fell here this morning. The shower was
accompanied - by thunder and lightning.
One good effect of the rain probably will
be to clear. away the dense fog that has
prevailed for twelve days. ¦
all the time and the passengers will not
forget that trip In a hurry.
The Berkeley, from this side, was also
caught and the force of the wind turned
her completely around. A reversal of
tne engines straightened matters out.
however, and save for a flooding of th^
dining rooms and saloon no damage was
done. .;-- ¦.'" ;. . ¦'¦>>
The Kosmos liner Neko, coming in from
Hamburg, was caught by the wind and
tide and driven down pn the ship Crown
of Scotland. The latter had a hole about
five feet square punched in her stera-
The Xeko was uninjured.
¦ A part of the grain shed at Section -3
of the sea wall was unroofed. Nearly all
the shingles on one side of the roof on
the barge office were ripped off. Fences
around the new fishermen's quarters were
blown down and a rock barge owned by
the contractors for extending the ae:i
wall was beached. But the damages on
the front while numerous were not seri
ous.
While the storm was at its height tha
British ship Thlstlebank at Oakland Lon£
wharf parted all her mooring lines an.l
was driven across the slip onto the ship
Osborne. The latter vessel had three r.f
her plates dented, while the Thistlebank
lost all of -her headgear. Both vessela
will have to go on the drydock for an
overhauling.
The scow Meta, loaded with crushed
rock which was consigned to Healy, Tib
bitts & Co., and which was intended to be
used In the construction of the seawall
at Mare. Island, was unable to weather
the storm and was sunk. Captain Mat
s#ti, who was in charge of the scow, and
two of the crew were thrown into the
water, but were rescued after consider
able trouble.
A floating plledrlver, the property of
the Thompson Bridge Company, was
sunk off Point Richmond. Over $2500
worth of tools went down with it.
BRITISH SHIP DITTON AND THE AMERICAN BARK J. D. PETERS STANDING OFF SHORE TO ESCAPE THE
A HURRICANE. BOTH VESSELS ARE COAL LADEN. THE DITTON 19 FROM NEWCASTLE, N. S. W.. AND
w THE J. D. PETERS IS FROM T/.COMA. /.: \*'-
Near Salinas Mrs, John
King Is Blown* From •
Windmill and Killed-
SALINAS, Dec. 14.— Mrs. John King,
residing about two miles from Sa
linas, in the vicinity of Spreckels,
was Instantly killed during the
storm to-day, being blown from
the tank of a windmill. The wind becom
ing violent, Mrs. King climbed upon the
tank, twenty-fire feet high, to throw the
mill out of gear and thereby save it from
damage, she "was in this perilous
position -tne gale increased and finally
she was blown to the ground. She was
found by har sister lying cold in death,
almost twenty feet trom the windmill.
Her skull was crushed. ¦ •
Mrs. King was the mother of three chil
dren and about 35 years of age. Her hus
band, who Is in Seattle, has been noti
fied of his loss..
In San Miguel Canyon the 'storm raged
with Intense violence. Large trees Ayere
snapped in twain or uprooted, derricks
wore blown down and much damage done
to orchards. Near Salinas tne pumping
plant on the McKlnnon ranch was blown*
down and in Watsonville the rear end of
Kennedy's livery stable was blown in and
the roof damaged. At Chualar the roof
oC a large^warenouse of the Southern Pa
cific Milling: Company was blown off.
WRECKAGE IN ITS PATH.
Vallejo Touched by a Hurricane of
'^*JM Small Proportions.
VALLEJO, Dec. 14.— A wind and rain
storm,, the severest ever experienced in
this section, passed over this vicinity
shortly after 10 o'clock this morning, leav
ing a long train of wreckage behind.
Roofs were blown off and. small buildings
demolished. Pieces of wreckage were car
ried great distanced and in some in
stances sent crashing through windows
and roofs. In one house a child narrowly
escaped being killed by a piece of timber
which came through the roof. Portions
of corrugated iron' roofing Were lifted
from the roof of the Terra Cotta Brick
Works ajtd carried a distance of three
blocks and sent crashing against houses
and fences. Hardly a fence that was ex
posed to the storm is left standing "and
several small shantleo were demolished.
Trees ¦which had stood many stiff gales
were" uprooted.. Windows in the primary
school, which faced the fury of the wind,
were smashed, causing no little consterna
tion among the youns people. .
On Mare Island the -roof was blown oft
one end of, the marine barracks and dam
age was done to trees and plants.
-The storm continued violent about fif
teen minutes, but did not. entirely abate
for- more than an hour. Along the water
front and in lumber yards great damage
was done. The full extent of the havoc
in the surrounding country is not known,
for all telephonic and telegraphic commu
nication was cut off and not re-estab
lished until this evenme.
CYCLONE IN MINIATURE.
Population of Woodbridge Given a
Bad Fright
LODI, Dec. 14. — A small-sized cyclone
passed through .Woodbridge, two miles
trom here, at 11:20 o'clock this morning,
doing. much damage and badly frighten
ing the inhabitants. The path of the cy
clone was about seventy-nve yards wide.
It went through the business part of the
town, uprooting fifteen large gum trees
which have - withstood forty years of
storms, tearing down all of the telephone
wires at the central office, unroofing New
ton's butcher shop and leveling porches
and fences. It wrecked a large barn in
which were two horses and a cow, but
the animals escaped without injury. The
storm passed to tho north.
DAMAGES DONE ON RANCHES.
Falling Gum Tree Crashes Through
a Farm Dwelling.
SONOMA, Dec. 14.— The storm which set
in last night developed into a hurricane
for a short time this morning. The wind
blew with tremendous force and the rain
came down in torrents. • Considerable
damage resulted in different parts of the
valley. On J. B. Morris* ranch at Agua
Callente a large gum tree Vas prostrated
by the. wind, and striking the Morris res
idence cut part of It In two. Fortunately
the inmates escaped injury. Chimneys,
fencing and outbuildings were blown
down in different parts of the valley. Tfie
storm was the most severe experienced
in this valley in years.
HOUSES ABE BLOWN DOWN.
Gentle Zephyr Toys With the Dwell
ings at Fairfleld.
. SUISUN. Dec. 14.— The heavy south
west wind here this morning*. did consid
erable damage. In Fairfleld several
houses were blown down. In the farming
and* orchard districts outbuildings and
fencing were damaged. Havoc , was
played with garden plants and trees were
uprooted. Reports received here to-night
from Rio Vista, Cordelia and Elmira are
to the -effect that a small cyclone Inflict
ed much ' damage, especially In the de
molishing of sheds. Poles. on the line of
the Bay. Counties Power Company in the
tule' land show the effects of the storm
and are leaning over.
i ¦ ¦:. • ¦. . .'. ¦ ¦
Gives Farmers' a Setback.
PENNGROVE, Dec. 14.— The worst. rain
and. wind storm known in this section in
many years has been raging- here since an
early hour this morning. Thunder and light
ning accompany the storm. Since Its com
mencement nearly two inches of raJn haa
fallen. . • A great amount of damage has
been-'.dono : to trees, outbuildings and
fences. The storm has given. the farmers
a decided, setback for had it held off an
other week all of the grain in this locality
would have been sown. I Risk brothers, on
the Cotate, have more than 700 acres un
der cover,' with only about 100 remaining
unplowed. v"
. m
Hail Falls at Pfetaluma.
PETAL1JMA, Dec. 14.— More than ; an
Inch df rain '.-fell here thi3 morning, dur
ing . one of .* the , heaviest storms/ of the
month. The. wind and rain 'were accom
panied by peals of thunder and. flashes of
lightning and - the sky was so dark ¦ that
'lights had. to be used indoors. Consider
able hail fell. The storm did little dam
age . anu the, rain is welcome to farmers
and -.'dairy men. Grain and. pasturage
needed the downpour. .
Rain Falls in Torrents.
SAN JOSE, Dec..l4.— There was a severe
wind and rain storm, this forenoon. Elec
tric poles were blown down and a barn ori
the Senter ranch,' near, Alviso,, was demol-
Demolished Buildings and
Uprooted Trees Mark
Storm's Course-
GALE'S
HAVOC IN
THE INTERIOR.
Take laxative Bro'mo ¦ Quinine -AH
druggists refund money if It fails , to cure. E.
W. Grove's signature is on each, box.- 23c. •.
To Cure a Cold in One Day-
Hoff Trial Closing.
The case of Albert Hoff .charged with the
murder of, Mrs. Mary A. Clute, ¦will go
to the Jury this morning 1 , and it is ex-
4>ected a verdict will be rendered this af
ternoon. Attorneys Schooler and Wilson
addressed the Jury yesterday on behalf of
the defendant, confining themselves main
ly to the question of identification. Hoff
attentively l'stened.to the arguments of
his counsel and took notes.- As«istant
District . Attorney Deuprey had not fin
ished the closing argument for the prose
cution when ' court adjourned until this
morning at ¦ half-past nine o'clock. Dcu
prey promising to conclude his argument
In half an hour." v
Calif ornians in New York.
-'The -following Calif orntans are in New
York: From San Francisco — P. A. Bruch
and W. K. Hatch at the Grand Union; J.
McLaughlin at the Hoffman; j. a. Mlleu
at the Grand Union: F. M. Farrer at th«j
Netherlands: \V. B. Hubbard, Oakland
at the Waldorf.
Czar Nicholas Improves.
LIVIDIA. Dec. 14.— Emperor Nicholas,
for the first time since his Illness,' -went
into the open air yesterday, sitting on a
veranda. Subsequently he received one of
the Ministers In audience.'
Haining at Bakersfleld.
BAKERSFIELD, Dec. 14.— The storm
from the north reached her© at 6 o'clock
this evening. Rain Is falling.
CALL BUREAU, 1406 G STREET. N.
W., WASHINGTON, Dec 14.— Political
considerations will enter largely into the
reapportionment of Representatives in
Congress and Presidential electors under
the new census. Two district plans are
proposed, and it is possible that the re
sult of the next Presidential election may
depend upon which one is adopted.
Representative Hopkins of Illinois,
chairman of the Census Committee of tho
Hovse, has prepared a bill which pre
serves the total membership of the House
and the present number of Presidential
electors. On the basis of the electoral vote
in the November election the political
gains and losses under the Hopkins bill
exactly counterbalance each other,- and
neither party would have any advantage.
Representative Burleigh of Maine has
introduced a bill drawn so as to prevent
•the reduction" of representation- In any
State, but which increases the member
ship of the House and the number, of elec
tors. It would also give the Republicans
an advantage in the House, though as the
political complexion of the . Congressional
districts depends upon the action of State
Legislatures in redistricting States, this
cannot be estimated exactly. Under the
Hopkins bill, which makes a population of
~06.£S6 the basis o£ representation,- the
following States will gain: Illinois, Louis
iana, Minnesc ta , New Jersey, New York
and • West' Virginia one each , and '.Texas
two. States that will lose 'one £ach are:
Indiana, Kansas . Kentucky, Maine, Ne
braska, Ohio, Virginia and South Caro
lina.
Under the Burleigh bill, which makes a
population of 192,676 the -basis of repre
sentation, no State will lose and these will
gain: Illinois,- New York,' and 5 Texas,
three each; Minnesota, New Jersey;. and
Pennsylvania, two each, and Arkansas,
California, Colorado. Connecticut, Florida
Iowa, Louisiana. Massachusetts. Missis
sippi, Missouri, North Carolina, North
Dakota, Washington, West 'Virginia and
Wisconsin, one each. /. ; ' - - -.
The Census Committee will take up the
consideration of these bills to-morrow and
present prospects point to the reporting
of the Burleigh . bill by a majority of the
members. '
REAPPORTIONMENT
OF CONGRESSMEN
sented in Bills Before
the House.
Two Distinct Plans Pre-
bu 'Cloudburst*
Reports That San. Francisco -Had
1 Been Partially Destroyed
The storm which created such havoc In
this city provok'ed the wildest rumors In
Eastern cities -and States. Afternoon pa
pers in New York published the astound
ing assertion that San Francisco had been
partially destroyed by a cloudburst and
that the loss of life was Very great. For
many hours telegraphic communication
with this city could not be had and as
the rumors passed from city to city they
became wilder and more exaggerated.
Late' last night, however, the East was
Informed that San Francisco is still on
the map.
WILD RUMORS IN
EASTERN STATES
block. The animal was slightly , injured
and the buggy completely wrecked. Young
Demezri escaped with a few slight bruises.
Artigues. accompanied by a twelve-year
old boy named Disno Demezri, drove to a
house at Vallejo and Sansome streets.
where a woman was sick. The doctor gave
the horse and buggy in charge of the boy,
while he •went into th«> house. A few min
utes later the hurricane commenced, and
after knocking the hoy nut of th*-bu?rgy,
carried the h or?* and buggy for about a
was a heavy fall of rain which flo6ded
everything in the district.
The greatest damage was done at the
Judpon Iron Works, where the roof of the
machine shop was torn off and a. long
section of fence leveled- The machine
chop roof is ever 1M feet long, and it was
lifted <->ff as one lifts a lid, and thrown
with violence against the other buildings
of the works, frightening the men at work
tnd causing them to seek the street for
safety. Debris was flying in all direc
tions, making it hazardous to stand in any
exposed x>lace.
At the stock yards the wind tore sheds
to pieces with great prodigality. Only
one or two cf the shelters for cattle and
kheep were left standing when the storm
abated. The Grayson-Owen Co.'s sheds
were blown across the railroad tracks,
causing a temporary stoppage of the lo
cal trains, and John Stewart's sheep cor
rals were rendered useless. Slater & Co.,
butchers, suffered the loss of their wind
mill and tank, both coming down after
the first gust.
Opposite the Paraffin© Paint Works.
near Golden*\ Gate, a two-story house
That has just been completed, was moved
along three feet off its brick foundation,
causing it to have a decided list to star
board. It was unoccupied.
The greatest injury in Oakland was at
the end of Long Wharf. There the storm
caused a train wreck, threw four cars
into the bay and nearly turned a loaded
freight train over into the water.
A freight train of thirty-two cars, loaded
with coal, was being hauled from the end
of Long Wharf to the railroad yards. The
train had no trouble until it reached a
point where the Long Wharf Joins the
mole. Four empty freight cars were
standing upen a siding, and just as the.
coal train reached the siding the force
of the wind began to drive the empty cars
toward the main line. The cars gathered
considerable force, and struck the coal
train Just back of the engine, running
squarely into the first car. of the train.
The force of the shock was so great that
the ceaJ train was almost toppled- over,
and the four empty cars were thrown Into
the bay by the recoil. Traffic over Long
Wharf was blocked by this wreck and the
efforts to get the sunken cars out of the
bay.
Damage to the wires on the pier was
very severe. The entire block system and
train dispatching system werewrerjted for
a considerable time during the d:#\ The
large poles that carry the cables along
the mole for the Sunset Telephone Com
pany, the Western Union and Postal Tel- !
cgraph companies and the wires of the
raiiroaa woie all blown down. This de
layed trains, v.hlch had to be brought
down the pier under hand flagging.
The telephone and telegraphic cables
went with the railroad wires, and it wafc
noon before a wire was secured to San*
Francisco, and that was around the bay o
by way of San Jose. No telephonic com
munication could be had all day with San
it rancisco direct.
The freight transfer boat Thoroughfare
broke loose from her moorings during the
storm and drifted upon the mudflats. A
force of men had to-be sent out to keep
the vessel from drifting upon the stone
racing of the pier and being wrecked.
Tho danger trom high signboards was
clearly illustrated from the way in which
these. fences were blown down. Seventh
street from West Oakland to East Oak
land was littered with the debris of
wrecked signboards. Fences were blown
down in all directions, and a large force
of men had to be kept at work on the
streets clearing away the wreckage.
It took only a few moments to do sev
eral thousand dollars' worth of damage
to houses in Lorin and South Berkeley.
The storm center seemed to be in these
districts. St. Matthew's Episcopal Mis
sion, at the corner of Russell and Grove
streets, in South Berkeley, was complete
ly demolished. One entire half of the roof
was lifted by the wind, carried across a
flfty-foot lot and dropped into Russell
street. Both sides and the front of tho
building were blown flat. One end of the
remaining half of the roof dropped to the
floor, but the other end was held in place
by the rear wall. This rear wall was the
only part of the church left standing, and
it was badly twisted. The buildftig can
not bj> repaired. v,*.-,
The church furniture was not badly
damaged. The organ escaped being
wrecked, but was considerably injured by
the rain. •— '
St. Matthew's Episcopal Mission was re
cently moved to its present location from
Alcatraz avenue. The building was held
in trust by the California diocese. Its
affairs were partially governed by the
State Board of Missions. RevrThomas L.
WRECK OF THE CHURCH AND ANOTHER BUILDING IN BERKELEY
THAT WERE DEMOLISHED BY THE FURIOUS STORM THAT SWEPT
OVER THE CITIES ACROSS THE BAY. (
ALAMEDA, Dec. M.— The storm
wrenched a big eucalyptus tree out of the
ground this morning in the neighborhood
of High street station and laid It gently
across the narrow-guuge tracks, where it
stayed for two hours in defiance of trains
and k other kinds of traffic. The railroad
Eectfbn gang got to work on it after
awhile and after .hacking it to pieces
cleared the right-of-way. Other damage
consisted of leveled fences, broken awn
ings, awry signs and cracked glass.
Travel Over the Narrow Gauge
Stopped bu Storm's Work
\n Alameda.
PROSTRATED TREE
DELAYS TRAFFIC
Randolph of Alameda was the rector, and
the following named were church officers:
H. C. Magee, R. H. Spencer and Miss Es
tella M. Turner. All debt on the church
was recently paid. The building was val
ued at $1000 and therfurniture and fixtures
at 1500. "
A house on Woolsey street, in the
course of construction by John Rodgers,
was wrecked. Parts of the sides and
roof were blown down. The damage
amounted to $500. " _L-
A five-room cottage at 1533 Julia street',
near Calais, was- wrenched two feet out
of plumb. The storm struck the front of
the house, twisting It around and causing
it to lean at a dangerous angle with the
walls of the basement. The place is own
ed by O. M. Jones. At the time the storm
struck the house there were ten men -at
work in the basement making leather
goods. As the house twisted and snapped
above them and the basement- walls
swayed the men made a wild scramble
for the door. The twisting of the wall
made it impossible to open the door and
the men were threatened with what for
a moment seemed certain death. Fortu
nately the terrific blast of wind which
had done the damage passed in an in
stant. The house was injured to the ex
tent of several hundred dollars. The
chimney is cracked from top to bottom.
\V. M. Davis' house on Delaware street,
"West IVrkeley, was lifted from its foun
dation. It was unoccupied at tup time.
Considerable damage was done to tho
West Berkeley lumber yards. Boards
were hurled about, roofs ripped off and
the place left with a generally wrecked
appearant-e.
At 2128 Telegraph avenue the windmill
was blown from the tank frame and went
crashing into the roof of the house. Tho
wreck of the wheel w'as complete and the
portion of the roof it struck was broken
through. Luckily no one was hurt. The
place was owned by Mrs. M. J. Pidgeon,
who was home at the time.
The tank, windmill and frame belong
ing to A. B. Spriggs on Tremont street,
rear Emerson, were blown over. The big
tank was full of water at the time it fell
and the weight smashed it Into splinters.
The windmill of S. P. Hull on Mason
street was carried across the lot by tho
wind. , . . . , . ' .-;-,
All over town the force of the storm
was felt. The velocity of the wind jj was,
great, but as "the broken anenometer at
the University of California has never
been replaced no record was secured here.
The rainfall for the storm was half an
inch, making 7.18 inches of rain for the
season, as against ill. S3 inches at the same
time last season. .'
There were several small fires from the
storm, but the damage was not very seri
ous in any instance.
OAKI^AXT>. Dec. 14.— For the third
time this season Oakland ¦aras
to-day visited by an electrical
Etorm of cyclonic character. It
began at 9 o'clock and reached
Us greatest Intensity shortly
after 10 o'clock, when It slowly died away.
It was unusual from its Intensity and
from the electrical display that accom
panied It. In tho last ten years of Oak
land's history there has not been as much
lightning and thunder as during this sea
son.
The storm burst ifc-ith terrific fury In
the section cf Oakland skirting the bay
shore, where it is greatly exposed, be
t-ween Emeryville and the stock yards in
West Berkeley. The sky 'grew suddenly
black overhead and the elements seemed
to be gathering force for' one great ef
fort. When the wind struck It carried ev
erything before It. Trees were uprooted,
telegraph poles bent out- of alignment!
roofs blown off and sheds razed to the \
ground. Accompanying the high wind
Immense Machine Shop Roof at' Judson Iron Works Is Torn Off,
Houses Are Demolished and Twisted Out of Shape, Telegraph
Wires Prostrated and the Local Trains Are Endangered,
STORM OF CYCLONIC ENERGY DOES
GREAT DAMAGE IN ALAMEDA COUNTY
STORM LASHES THE WATER FRONT AND THE CITIES ACROSS THE BAY
WIND BUFFETS SHIPS IN THE BAY,
BUT NONE ARE BADLY DAMAGED
Many Small Craft Are Capsized, But Occupants Are Rescued-
Vessels Collide and Others Have Narrow Escapes, While Build
ings Along the Water Front Are More or Less Injured.
... v ....... . . •
THE FRANCISCO CALL, SATTTRDAY, DECEMBER 15, 1 900.
Rain and Snow Storm.
-MILTON, Dec 14.— Rain has been falling
heavily at intervals to-day. The , temper
ature Is low and snow la falling in the
mountains. A heavy storm Is expected, as
the wind has been blowing: from the rainy
quarter for several days.
Showers at Willows.
• wii.tiO'WS* Dec.H.— Rain began falling
h«re , at . about midnight . last night and
continued in light showers throughout' the
forenoon and part of. this afternoon. The
precipitation; for the*, storm waa .75.
2
HUNTERS' GUNS
DISCHARGED BY
ELECTRIC BOLT
SAN RAFAEL. Dec. 14.— R. Cut.-
Iar, proprietor of the Tamalpais
Hotel at Kent, and E. McClarnon
were looking for ducks on a marsh
below Kent this morning, when
lightning struck the guns they car
ried, discharging both weapons.
Cutlar was hurled several feet and
his gun was shattered. McClarnon
was slightly shocked. The light
ning was quite vivid in this sec
tion; during the early hours of the
storm.
AiVEBTISEMENTS. ' \ „
rxquisite
Vases.
. Bewildering variety 6!
everything to please the eye.
Royal Sevres Vases
. Royal Bonn Vases
Royal Teptrtx Vases
. Royal Vienna Vases
Tiffany Art Vases ,
Bohemian Class
<i~. Vases H*V ; -- •• ¦
Our Prices
Just Like Finding Money.
Great Amsncaii Importing Tea Co.
CITY 6TORBS.
SIO Grant Are., bet. Post and 6*tteiv
861 Market St., opp. Powell.
I*OShcth0t« 1419 Polk 6t>
112 Third St. 1819 Derisadero BU
146 Ninth St. 2008 Fillmore 6t.
80O6 Sixteenth 6t, 621 Montgomery A*.
9016 Mission «t- 3285 Ml»»Ion Si.
705 Larkin 6t. 2782 24th 6t.
668 Hayes 6 1. 470 Hatftht St.
C2 Market St.
OAKLAND 6T0RB8.
1053 Washington 6t* 1237 Broadway.
1185 23rd Ave. - 616 E. iSth St.
¦ 1510 Seventh St.
ALAMEDA-135S Park 8U ........
CAN RAFAEL-B 6U. near Fourth.
WARNER'S REMEDIES. ¦- .• "
- Chicago, I1L, March SO. iqco.
WARNER'S SAFE qURE CO., Rochester, N. Y.:
Gentlemen: Warner's Safe Diabetes Cure has cured me completely
of diabetes." from which I suffered for five years, never egtpectine to b*
cured. I cannot tell you how thankfnl I feel for restored health and
how grateful I feel to you.
Yours truly,
(Miss) R. A. BELL?
(Vice President American Anti-Treat Society, Council No. i).
Send Dostal for free sample to "•:, ¦ \ '
¦Warner's Safe Cure Co.. *
Rochester, N. T. - . . . ¦-
Mention tills Paper.''When a sure-thing' man • takes another
In out of the rain It la apt to be a ques
tionable transaction. '
Of the forty great articles which com
pose the bulk of our exports to Germany
more than two-thirds show an increase in
1900 as compared with 1899. Those which
show the principal decrease are hog pro
ducts, corn, wheat, fertilizers and certain
lines of machinery. Those which show
an increase are cotton, flour, fruits, to
bacco, timber, mineral oils, cotton seed
oil, oilcake and meal, tallow, paraffin,'
resin, turpentine, coal, copper, builders
hardware, scientific and electrical instru
ments, agricultural implements, sewing
machines, cars and furniture.
Copper shows an increase of more than
$3,000,000, mineral oils $2,000,000, tobacco
and agricultural Implements nearly . Ji.*
CALL BUREAU, 1406 G STREET, N.
W., WASHINGTON. Dec. 14.— A good deal
of anxiety seems to have been wasted
with reference to the trade relations be
tween the United States and Germany. It
will be remembered that a fear was ex
pressed some months ago that certain
trade restrictions proposed in Germany
might seriously interrupt the commercial
relations between that country and the
United States, and especially decrease our
exports to that country in agricultural
products. Figures just issued by the
Treasury Bureau of Statistics show that
our exports to Germany In the ten moiuh.i
ending with October. 1900, were J27.000.0CO
greater than those in the corresponding
months of last year, an increase of about
20 per cent, and that our imports from
Germany show an increase of $8,000,000, a
gain of over 10 per cent.
Special Dispatch to Tha Call.
Exports and Imports, With
• but Few * Exceptions,
Have Expanded.
INCREASED TRADE
WITH GERMANY
Mitchell Jury Disagrees.
The jury In the case of Frank Mitchell,
charged^ with the murder of Frank Mc-
Auliffe, brother of the pugilist, was un
able to reach an agreement and was dis
charged by Judge Lawlor last night. The
Jury stood seven for acquittal and five for
conviction.
SAN BERNARDINO. Dec. 14.— Denver
P. Dayton, who ordered the strix© of tel
egraph operators on this division and who
made an attack upon two non-union men
who took the places of strikers on the
desert section, had his preliminary hear
ing this afternoon and the action was dis
missed. He took a change of venue from
The Needles to this city. Dayton struck
Operator Duncan at Danby three severe
blows with a heavy lantern, cutting hi*
head badly. Operator Urquhart was at
tacked at Blake, but escaped more easily.
Sheriff C. A. Rouse swore In twenty
special deputies to go out on the overland
to-night to guard Santa Fe property at
every station in this county. It ia feared
the trainmen will all go out and tie up
the road, hence this unusual precaution.
Action Against Assailant of Non-
Union Men Dismissed.
STEIKEK DAYTON GOES FREE.
'•There is no tolling how the negotiation?
with the Chinese officials are going to re
sult. No document signed by the Em
pr<??s or stamped with the great seal has
yet been received by the representatives
of the powers. Indeed, there is nothing
In the attitude of the great foreign na-
NEW YORK, Dec. 14.— China Is on the
verge of partition. There Is no way by
which the integrity of the nation can be
sustained. Such was the conclusion of
the address given last night by Dr. Willis
C. Noble before the People's Club. Dr.
Noble was stationed at Paotingfu by the
American Board of Foreign Missions, ana
made his escape shortly after the first up
rising of the Boxers. In the course of his
remarks Dr. Noble also said:
memberment of China.
Dr. Noble Predicts the Ultimate Dis-
ON ttt-P. VERGE OF PARTITION.
PEKING, Dec. 13.— LI Hung Chang and
Prince Chlng have sent an official notifi
cation to the Ministers that they have re
ceived the promised documents authoriz
ing them to act in behalf of China In the
peace negotiations and announcing that
they are ready to proceed as soon as tho
Ministers desire.
of Shansi's Governor.
NEW YORK, Dec. 14.— Mrs. J. S. Grant,
a missionary at Xlngpo. China, tells in a
letter just received by the missionary so
ciety of the Livingstone-avenue Baptist
Church of New Brunswick, N. J.. of the
way some missionaries were slaughtered
000,000 each and unmanufactured cotton
over $2S,0O0,0O0. while in the list of articles
which show a decrease there are but two
cases in which the falling off is as much
as $1,000,000, corn showing a reduction of a
little more than $1,000,000 and wheat a lit
tle more than $2,000,000.
The following tables show the principal
exports to Germany In the ten mouths
ending with October of 1899 and 1900:
Principal article* In which exportation* ha.vt
Increased:
Mrs .Grant Tells of the Terrible Deeds
BEHEADS THE MISSIONARIES.
tlons Involved in this trouble that shows
they really purpose to reinstate the young
Emperor, although all acknowledge that
he Is the only hope of the nation's salva
tion. And the reason Is that the rein
statement of the young man would be
Impracticable. He is so under the influ
ence of the. Empress Dowager and she is
so hostile to foreign interests that his re
enthronement would be sure of bringing
ultimate discord and corruption. "With the
palace looted, with Peking divided and
patrolled by different foreign nations,
there is little likelihood that the court will
ever be re-established there. In my mind
the only solution of the problem Is the
dismemberment of China among the pow
ers. Whoever may have doubted this be
fore will believe with me now on hearing
that the antl-i'orelgn element has again
issued innuendoes threatening the lives of
all foreigners."
No great difficulty Is experienced In th»
running of the trains on the main lino,
though they rarely run Just on time.
Freight is not moving so rapidly as it
was. Here Is one of the points wherein
the, strikers think they see a chance of
winning. There are Bome shiploads of
freight at Galveston which the road can
not move and upon which $200 per day
demurrage on each ship has to be paid.
General Manager Mudge of the Santa
Fe still appears to be very sanguine about
the outcome. He says that the strike hai
descended to a mere war of words be
tween the company and the strikers, and
that nothing more aerious will result.
Mudge says there has not been a bit of
diminution of the business of the com
pany so far as freight Is concerned, and
that the company can well afford to go
along In the present condition of affairs.
He remarks that If the strikers can
stand the present arrangements he oan.
and that so far as the officers of the road
are concerned, the strikers can carry for
ward their flght as long as they desire.
TOPEKA, Kan.. D*c 14.— Th« striking
telegraphers have established headquar
ters here with the head officers of the
Order of Railway Telegraphers in charge,
and announce that they will keep up the
flght until they have won. The officers
of the strikers say they are not prepared
Just now to give out all tho Information
they have, but they intimate that they
will have something- io suggest in a few
days which will surprise the people, espe
cially the officers of the Santa Fe road. .
Santa Fe Officials, However,
Say the Road Is Not
, Crippled.
TELEGRAPHERS
EXPECT TO WIN
BERLIN, Dec. 14.— The Berliner Tage
blatt has received a dispatch from its cor
respondent in Peking stating that the
complete re opening of the Tientsin-Pe
king railwav Is impossible on account of
the lack of locomotives and rolling stock.
The Russians refuse to do anything to re
place material thus lacking. .
Stock the Trouble.
Scarcity of Locomotives and Rolling
"When his first batch of missionaries
was brought In Yu Hsien ordered them to
be brought straight to his yamen and
placed them standing a few feet apart.
The sanguinary Governor mounted a
horse. Taking a long sword from an or
derly he galloped to the other end of tho
ground, and as he swept past them car
ried off four or five heads with his sword.
Yu Hsien's horse then balked so that he
had to dismount. The remainder of the
unhappy missionaries were then dis
patched by the Boxers present."
CA1TNOT BZOPEN THE BOAD.
In Bhansl province. Mrs. Grant gives as
her authority an eye-witness, not a con
vert, at Taigupo. This eye-witness says
the Governor at that place ordered all
captured missionaries and converts
brought to him alive. Then, the account
says:
Li Hung Chang and Prince Ching Send Official Notification to the
Ministers That They Have Received Proper Authorization.
CHINA'S REPRESENTATIVES ARE READY TO PROCEED
WITH THE PROPOSED PEACE NEGOTIATIONS AT PEKING
into the great Japanese Deep, that for
many years held the record for ocean
depths. This record was finally displaced
by the greater depth discovered in the
South Pacific Ocean by the English sur
veying ship Penguin, and that must now
give way to the Nero Deep.
The object of the surveying expedition
was most successfully and expeditiously
accomplished. A satisfactory route for
an all-Ameri«a.n cable for the purpose of
connecting the Pacific Coast with the out
lying colonial possessions of the United
States in the Pacific, and with China and"
Japan, has been discovered, thoroughly
explored, surveyed and mapped. In ad
dition a great amount of data on ocean
currents, prevailing winds and tidal in
fluences in parts of the ocean little known,
that will prove of great value to naviga
tion In the future, were collected. The
specimens of the bottom collected are now
in the hands of the Smithsonian Institu
tion for examination.
It is believed that the cable could be
completed and ready for operation in
about three years..
A complete and thorough Burvey has
been made of the Midway Islands and
landing places have been selected for a
cable at the variou3 stations in the Pa
cific. The Navy Department is ready to
lay a cable entirely across the Pacific or
any portion of It, at any time.
The cost of making, laying and main
taining a trans-Pacific cable was esti
mated by Admiral (Bradford and sub
mitted to the Senate Committee on Naval
Affairs and is $10,000,000. with yearly ex
penses of maintenance thereafter of $475,
oOO. The allowance for new cable la based
on the idea of supplying enough new cable
each' year t» replace the entire cable in
forty years. This calls approximately for
200 miles of new cable per annum.
WASHINGTON. Dec. 14.— In
view of impending favorable
legislation on a trans-Pacific
cable between San -Francisco
and Manila the results of the
survey by the United States steamship
Nero between Honolulu and the Philip
pine Islands form one of the most inter
esting features of the annual report of
Admiral Bradford, chief of the bureau of
equipment. In general terms these re
sults may be described as follows:
An almost level plain of soft mud, at a
general depth of about 2700 fathoms, ex
tends from Honolulu to the Midway Isl
ands on a route to the northward of the
line of reefs running about west-north
west from the Hawaiian Islands to a
point beyond Ocean Island. This plain af
fords an ideal route for a submarine tele
graph cable.
In general the bed of the ocean between
Midway Islands and Guam is another
great level plain from 3100 to 3200 fathoms
deep. It is, however, somewhat broken
by submarine reefs and mountain ranges.
The first thousand miles from Midway,
with the exception ol one Isolated moun
tain peak not far from Ocean Island, ris
ing to within eighty-two fathoms of the
surface, is entirely level. The remainder
of the distance, however, while In general
fairly level, is Interspersed with reefs and
mountain ranges that required much time
to explore and avoid. Eventually a short
distance to the eastward of the great sub
marine mountain rajige running nearly
nortfi and south that breaks through the
surface of the sea and forms the Islands
of the Ladrone Group and near the par
allel of Guam, this plain descends into the
valley of the Nero Deep, with a depth of
The route between Guam and Yokohama
lies to the westward of the Ladrone Isl
ands and to the eastward of the Bonln
Islands. An almost level plain with a
depth of about 2100 fathoms was found for
a distance of 500 knots from Guam. . At
that point a submarine mountain range
was discovered which apparently connects
the range extending from the coast of
Japan to the Bonin Islands with that of
the Ladrone Islands. While crossing this
range a submarine peak rising to within
483 fathoms of the surface was found and
developed, which, if it could be seen,
would closely resemble the famous vol
cano Fujiyama, near Yokohama, Japan.
To the north of this range the bed of the
ocean slopes gradually to the eastward
Between Guam and the Philippines the
bed of the ocean is less regular than to
the eastward. For the first 600 knots of
the route selected the depths vary from
1400 to 2700 fathoms; there are, however,
no sharply defined ranges of hills or val
leys, the character of the bottom being
of an undulating nature. After COO knots
had been traversed a low mountain range
was discovered sloping to the westward,
eventually forming .a deeper plain that
extends unbroken to the Philippine Isl
ands. The last-mentioned plain varies in
depth from 3000 to 3500 fathoms and Is
also of a gently undulating nature. There
is nothing, however, to obstruct .the suc
cessful laying and working of cables, and
the bottom of soft mud and ooze indicates
that a long life to cables may be ex
pected.
only sixty-six feet. less than six statute
miles. A practicable cable route to Guam
was eventually found to the northward
of the deep. The southern limits of the
deep are unknown, and it may present
still greater depths than those found by
the Nero.
OFFICIAL MAP SHOWING iHE ROUTE OF THE PROPOSED TRANS-PACIFIC CABLE FROM THE HAWAIIAN
ISLANDS TO MANILA AFTER SURVEYS MADE BY THE PARTY ON THE UNITED STATES STEAMSHIP
NERO. IT WILL COST $10,000,000 TO LAY THE CABLE.
Vice President Duncan offered as a sub
stitute an amendment pledging the good
services of the federation for further me
diation between the organizations con
cerned and requiring the incoming execu
tive council to facilitate a settlement of
the difficulty within the ensuing year:
also criticizing the Typographical Union
for non-submission of the dispute to arbi
tration.
Delegate Rosenberg, of San Francisco,
declared that the opposition to trade au
tonomy was in line with the general im
perialistic idea now dominant the world
over.
The debate on concurrence in this report
was long and sometimes violent. The
compromise report of the committee was
adopted by a vote of 2384 to 1613.
With reference to the dispute between
the International Association of Machin
ists and the International Typographical
Union, as to trade autonomy, the resolu
tions committee recommend that the Fed
eration of Labor refuse to interfere. This
precipitated a polemic battle between
President O'Connell, of the machinists,
who opposed the 'committee's, recommen
dation and President Lynch, of the Typo
graphical Union, who supported It.
O'Connell protested against any propo
sition to force the machinists tojcln the
International Typographical Union, main
taining that a man who takes care of a
linotype machine mechanically Is properly
a member of the machinists craft. Lynch
argued in favor of only one union of
workers in printing offices in order that
the rights of the employes might be more
advantageously maintained.
On this resolution the committee made
a compromise report which was virtually
a pronouncement against trade autonomy
and in favor of organization on an in
dustrial basis. In the particular instance
brought up by the resolution the com
mittee favored allowing the United Brew
ers' Union and the large organizations to
regulate their own affairs and to affiliate
with them the engineers and the other
auxiliary crafts. •
LOUISVILLE. Dec. 14.— The convention
cf the American Federation of Labor
spent much time to-«iay in the discussion
of a resolution submitted by the Inter
national Union of Steam Engineers, ex
pressing the sense of the federation that
"national and international unions of any
trade affiliated therewith shall have ex
clusive jurisdiction over that trade with
out interference from the National Union
of United Brewery Workers," directing
the United Brewery Workers to instruct
all engineer*, firemen, machinists, team
drivers, coopers, painters and other me
chanics employed In breweries where
trades are affiliated with the federation
to join immediately the legitimate union
of their trade and to withdraw from mem
bership in the United Brewery Workers:
also directing the Brewery Workers
Union to refrain In the future from in
itiating mechanics whose trades are other*
wise organized and affiliated; failure to
comply on the part of the United Brewery
Workers to be sufficient ground for the
revocation of their charter.
Various Disputes Considered
by the innrican Labor
Federation.
TRADE AUTONOMY
WARMLY ARGUED
American Surveyors to Locate the
Line Through the Mount
Baker District.
SEATTLE. Dec. 14.— United States Sen
ator Foster writes that the State Depart
ment has taken up the dispute as to the
exact location of the international bound
ary line where it passes through the
Mount Baker mining district and has re
quested from the Canadian Government
a copy of the report of Its engineering
party which was engaged this year in re
surveying the line. The nature of the re
port has occasioned many surmises and
has only added to the confusion already
existing regarding the real location of the
line.
When the Canadian Government com
plies with the request. Senator Foster
says, the United States Government will I
have a survey made by American en- j
glneers and reports of these two survey
ing parties will be made the basis of ne
gotiations for a final determination of the
dispute. It Is admitted that the engineers
who made the survey in 1S54 did not run
the line clear through, but at points eas
iest of access, determined from astronom
ical observations the location of the forty
ninth parallel and Bet their monuments
from these. Thus It happens that in this
mountainous district there really never
has been a survey made. Now that prec
ious metals have been discovered in this
territory a definite location of the line
is necessary.
PARIS. Dec. 14.-The French Govern
ment will not offer objection to any action
of the United States Congress regarding
the Clayton-Bulwer treaty. They prefer
that the Nicaragua canal should be neu
tral, but they appreciate the United
States' strategic reasons for fortifying
the canal, and France's Interests are too
small to Induce the Government to inter
fere in any way in the matter.
BOTTNI>AB,Y DISPUTE
WILL BE TAKEN JTB
the Nicaragua Canal.
Has No Objection to Fortification of
"Should the United States denounce the
treaty there is no means known to inter
national law of upholding it. The only
known method of inducing a state to ac
cept an obligation of which it is tired is
the method of compulsion. That method
is out cf the question and will hardly be
proposed, but it will be open to Great
Britain alone or in conjunction with other
maritime states to consider whether an
other canal, not under the control of the
United States, may be worth the making.
In this matter British Interests are iden
tical with the interests of all the maritime
powers save the L'niied States."
FRANCE NOT TO INTERFERE.
The Morning Post, after contending that
England in ntgrotiatir.g the Ciayton-Bul
wer treaty was acting virtually as the
representative of all the maritime powers
of the world, says:
The Standard observes: "It is more of
a rebuff for President McKinley's execu
tive than for Great Britain. England can
not possibly accept the Hay-Pauncefote
treaty thus amended, and it would be in
sulting to the people and Government of
the I nited States to assume that they
would either denounce the Clayton-Bul
wer treaty without offering an equitable
equivalent or coruemplate the gross il
legality of disregarding it. There will bc
time enough to consider the abrogation
of the treaty when Washington formally
tenders a suggestion, which would cer
tainly be approached by Great Britain
with every desire to assist the United
States to carry out a project highly ben
eficial to American commerce, but it can
not be supposed that we would abandon
our treaty rights without solid considera
tion in return."
The Daily Graphic remarks: "We have
no doubt as to the iceult. Anglo-American
statesmanship will find an amicable solu
tion of the difficulty created by Ameri
can jingoes. We fall tot see. however,
how the Clayton-Bulwer treaty can be got
rid of without the Mosquito territory re
verting to Great ilruain."
and It is now stamped by self-Interest.
The Americans intend to fortify the canal
in spite of the treaty agreement to the
contrary. We cannot possibly stand by
and allow the Clayton-Bulwer treaty to
be thus imperiously set aside. The good
relations between the two countries mu6t
of necessity be gravely menaced. This
Is the outcome of Mr. McKinley's re
election. Worse could have hardly hap
pened if Mr. Bryan had been returned."
WASHINGTON'. E>«c. 14.—Tb» Senate
Committee on Foreign Relations to-day
held a special meeting and decided to rec
ommend further amendments of the Hay-
Pauncefote treaty. The committee adopt
ed an amendment suggested by Senator
Foraker. which declares that the Hay-
Pauncefote treaty supersedes the Clay
ton-Bulwer treaty, and also strikes out
of the Hay-Pauncefote agreement article
III. which permits the submission of the
Hay-Pauncefot« treatv to other powers
and invites their acceptance of It.
The action of the Committee on Foreign
Relation* was taken after a prolonged
conference of Senators especially Inter
ested In the Hay-Pauncefote treaty. The
-Republican members announced that they
were prepared to amend the treaty on the
lines of the Foraker suggestion; that they
considered this amendment comprehen
sive enough to meet all demands, and
that they would do no more. The Foraker
unendmjrt was accoraingriy agreed to.
i ne Importance of the treaty relating to
pending legislation was considered aud a
oecision was arrived at to press the
iisreement to a vote if possible. It was
aiso decided that it would be difficult
to get it through without still further
amendment, and the Foraker amendment
Wius suggested as meeting all objectioas.
I i:e President and Secretary Hay were
fclso consulted with reference to the ad
visability of further amending the treaty,
by Senator* Lodge and Foraker. who
culled upon them before coming to '.he
cajiitol to-day.
Culess amended beyond any degree pro
posed in the Senate by me respective
ieaders, and resolved into such form as to
make it an absolutely discourteous mat
ter to be communicated, the pending Hay.
Puuncefote treaty will be submitted to
the British Government by the President.
The communication will oe entirely pro
forma, for the administration has not the
Slightest Idea that the convention will be
adopted by the British Government If
this belief is well founded, ti.en the doc
ument will so into the limbo cf treaties
i hat failed of ratification, its position
comparing in some degree with the Olney
1'i.uncrfote arbitration treaty.
Any expectation that the action of the
S^nnte yesterday upon the Devis amend
ment to the treaty would result in tli«
immediate retirement of Secretary Hay
from the Cabinet is negatived by the fact
that the Secretary has not rrsipned and
£<ord!ng to his own statement will not
leave tlie Cabinet at present.
When the Senate vent Into executive
t esFion Senator Lodge reported the
amendmeuts agreed upon in committee.
There were two. The first of these inserts
the word? "which is Hereby superseded"
after tilt words "Clayton-Hulwer treaty"
in the first paragraph of article II of the
treaty, making that paragraph read aa
follows: "The high contracting parties,
desiring to preserve and maintain the gen
eral principle of neutralization established
hi article VIII of the Clayton-Bulwer
convention, whicli is hereby superseded,
adopt as the basis of such neutralization
the following rules, substantially as em
bodied in the convention between Great
Britain ard certain other powers signed
at Constantinople Oct.il.er 29. 138S. for tha
free riavieraxion of the Suez maritime
canal."
The Feccrd of these amendments strikes
out article III of the treaty, reading: "The
high contracting parties will immediately
t:pon the exohar.Re of the ratifications of
this convention bring it to the notice of
the other powers ana invite them to ad
here to it."
It was stated that the committee had
been unanimous in iht- action with the
exception of Senator Minn 1 , who oppose3
any action except the absolute and un
conditional abrogation of the Clayton-
Buircr treaty. That result Is aocom
?*!sh'vl by the amendment reported to
ay. but the Mfsfissioni Senator would
bjiv* this done through other means than
th" Hay-Pauncefote treaty.
After the report wns adopted Culberson
of Texas took the floor and he vas fol
lowed by Senator Spooner. who supported
th» treaty.
DECLARE IT JINGO TBJTJMPH
London Press Excited Over Senate's
Action on the Treaty.
IXI^CDON. Dec. 14.— The adoption by the
T'n.ited States Senate of the Davi= amend
ment to the Hay-Pauncpfote treaty 1s evi
dently rpgardf fl as far too weighty a mat
ter for hurried comment by the London
monlne journals. Ace^rdirijr to the Time?
and prime of the otlirr papers they will
pefctpone until to-morrow their editorial
treatment of th" question in its present
I'ha*e. The Daily Chronicle, however,
publishes a fhort notice in which it says:
"Th*> news is very serious indeed. It
m«an?. in a word, that the Jingoes and
Ar.elnphobcs of the T'nited States Senate
have triumphed and that we are back
?.tain to-«*ay where we were at the time
«">f the Venezuelan imbroglio and Presi
fi'Tir Cleveland'* InFilent and provocative
* p<»e<"h. The better feelinj? manifested
riur'r.p: the ?pani.-li-Amfrican war has
been shaken by pro-Boer sympathizers
Marie Carrau lived in San Francisco
until coming to Seattle years ago. She is
talented and refined and is said to coma
of a fine French family. Experienced
lawyers say if her statement of the dy
ing man's verbal testament can be proved
she is undoubtedly entitled to the estate.
Marie's explanation for not making
her claim known sooner is that she is
French and not acquainted with Ameri
can ways. According to her story, Sulll
van would have married her early in Oc
tober if he had lived, and they contem
plated going to Europe. The affair was
kept .quiet, as Sullivan, who was nearly
60 years old, did not want to be Joked by
his pioneer friends.
A sister of Marie wrote down what the
dying man said and all the members of
the family signed It. The next day Sulli
van died.
They were not prepared for the French
woman's noncupatlve will. It was at her
home that Sullivan died. She says that
on the night before his death he called
her and other members of the family to
his bedside and said:
"If I die I want Marie to have my entire
estate."
SEATTLE, Dec. ¦ 14. — Marie Carrau, a
French music teacher of this city, has
thrown a bomb into the camp of those
who are fighting for the fortune recently
left by John Sullivan, a wealthy bache
lor, by announcing that she has in her
possession a nuncupative will which she
will shortly file for probate in the Su
perior Court. When Sullivan died In this
city on September 26 he left an estate of
a half million dollars. It was supposed
there were no heirs. A dozen or more
persons sought to be appointed to admin
ister the estate, and one was finally
named by the court. Then two men and
a woman appeared in Butte. Mont., claim
ing to be the brothers and sister of the
dead bachelor. Lawyers representing
them are now taking steps to obtain the
estate.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Former San Francisco Wo
man May Get a Half-
Million Dollars.
The scenes at the V/ar Office to-day re
call those witnessed In the early stages of
the war. A constant stream of excited
people filled the lobbies, all seeking details
of the reported disaster.
The absence of the names of any of the
officers of the Northumberland Fusiliers
FILES CLAIM TO
LARGE ESTATE
Lord Kitchener also reports that the
Boers made an attack and were repulsed
at Lychtenburg and that General Lemmer
was killed. Attacks upon Bethlehem and
Bedden were also repulsed, the Boers los
ing ten killed and fourteen wounded. Vry
held was attacked on December 11 and
"sniping" was continuing when the mes
sage was dispatched.
The scene of the flght la ominously
close to Pretoria. Nooit Gedacht is only
twenty-two miles northwest of Pretoria.
"PRETORIA. Dec. 13.— Clements' force
at Nooit Gedacht. on the Magaliesburg.
was attacked at dawn to-day by Delarey.
reinforced by Beyer's commando from
¦Warmbath, making a force estimated at
2S00. Though the first attack was re
pulsed, the Boers managed to get to the
top of the Magalleaburg, which was held
by four companies of the Northumberland
Fusiliers, and were thus able to command
Clements' camp. He. retired to Hekpoort,
and took up a position on a hill in the
center of the valley. The casualties have
not been completely reported, but the
fighting' was very severe, and I deeply re
gret that Colonel Legge of the Twentieth
Hussars and Captains McBean, Murdoch
and Atkinson were killed. Reinforcements
have left here."
LONDON. Dec. 14.— Lord Kitchener re
ports that after severe fighting at Nooit
Gedacht General Clements' forces were
compelled to retire by Commandant De
larey with a force of 2300 men. Five Brit
ish officers were killed, but the other casu
alties were not reported.
Lord Kitchener's official dispatch to the
War Office is as follows:
Lord Kitchener Reports That Clements'
Force Is Attacked and Driven Back
After Sustaining Very Severe Losses.
in General Kitchener's dispatch leads to
the foreboding that the four companies
of the fusiliers mentioned are in the hands
of the Boers. The War Office officials evi
dently expect a heavy casualty list, but
they are hopeful from the fact that th»
dispatch does not mention the capture of
the Northumberlands that a great catas
trophe had been escaped.
Orders were issued at Aldershot. Malta
and other military centers to-day to dis
patch all the available mounted Infantry
to South Africa. It is reported that Gen
eral Knox. co-operating with the British
co'umn at Iiedersburg, has stopped Gen
eral Dewct and that a battle is proceed
ing. The report adds that many of Gen
eral Dewet's followers have been captured.
WILL BREAK THEIR NECKS.
Kmger'3 Prediction Regarding the
British Troops.
LONDON. Dec. U.— "Mr. Kruger an*
Dr. Leyds. who dined this evening at th«
palace." says the correspondent of th<»
Daily Mail at The Hague, "on hearing of
the British disaster at Nooit Gedacht were
quite unmoved. Mr. Kruger said he
thought the English would break their
necka on the Megallesburg. and he reas
serted his complete confidence In ulti
mately forcing England to Initiate an ac
ceptable settlement."
BATTLE STILL IN PROGRESS.
Many Casualties in the Fighting Near
Krugersdorp.
JOHANNESBURG. Dec. 11— Th© battle
still continues within a few miles of Kru
persdorp. General Clements has asked
for reinforcements and mounted men un
der General French have already gone.
There have been many casualties on both
sides. It is estimated that the Boer*
number 2300.
VOLUNTEERS WILL
BE SENT HOME
MacArthur Directed to Pre
pare for the Return*
of the Troops.
. "WASHINGTON, Dec. 14.— The Secretary
of "War has cabled Instructions to General
MacArthur at Manila to begin the work
of returning the volunteer troops from the
Philippines in order to permit of their dis
charge In this country by the 30th of June
next. This action has been taken in an
ticipation of the authorization by Con
gress of the enlistment of regular regi
ments to replace the recalled troops. Plans
for the organization of the proposed new
regiments have been perfected at the War
Department and complete arrangements
made for their speedy recruitment and
equipment. Action in this matter awaits
only the approval of Congress. It Is hoped
by the Secretary of "War and the military
authorities that the bill for the organiza
tion of the army now before the Sena?"
will become a law before Congress take3
a recess for the holidays. The official.-*
make no secret of their preat concern over
the existing situation, and say that the
failure of Congress to take Immediate ac
tion for its relief undoubtedly would re
sult In considerable embarrassment to the
Government and seriously retard the exe
cution of the administration's policy for
the establishment of an efficient and sta
ble government in the archipelago.
MANILA. Dec. 14.— The liquor Ucenso
law has passed the Taft Commission, but
the commission Is radically divided on its
most distinctive feature, namely, the ban
ishment of saloons from the Escolta and
several other crowded streets and plazas.
Heavy rains have fallen for several
days. This deters war operations, espe
cially on the part of the cavalry.
DEFEAT OF THE BRITISH
BY BOERS UNDER DELAREY
roreign Relations Committee Prepares
Amendment Which Will Bring About
This Result If Adopted by Senate.
ABSOLUTE ABROGATION
OF CLAYTON-BULWER TREATY
NAVY DEPARTMENT SURVEY FOR CABLL
FROM SAN FRANCISCO TO PHILIPPINES
In His Annual Report Rear Admiral Bradford Estimates the Total Cost
of Laying at Ten Million Dollars and Believes the Cable Can Be
Completed and Ready for Operation in About Three Years' Time.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, DECEMBER 15, 1900.
Principal articles In which exportations have
decreased: . ¦'¦f&'iS&Z
For a Cold in the Head.
Laxative Bromo-Quinlne Tablets. •
3
ARTICLES
(10 mos.)
I 1900.
(10 mot.
Agricultural implements....
Books, mapi and engravings
Flour -
Cars '..
Doel
-otton ...' . :..
Cotton manufactures, other
than cloths
Fruits and nuts
Scientific and electrical •In-
struments
Builders' hardware
Ocpper •
Sewing 1 machines
fallow ....; y
Boots and shoes
Resin
Furpentlne. spirits of
Dl'.cake and oilcake meal...
Refined mineral oil
Cottonseed oil... '..
Paraffin
n<-»f. salted or pickled
_>leomargarine oil
Seeds
Fobacco, unmanufactured...
Manufactures of tobacco....
rimber and "unmanufactured
wood
Uimber
Purniture
U, 681.004
100.48S
1.798,137
144,811
*2,834.39i
116,831
J, 450, 72:
W3.97I
30.801
68, 632.12
*s6."65S.*898
157.168
438.656
455.72!
1,416,691
SSI. SIS
807.043
8,694.573
65T.029
482.241
S7.6S6
806.392
905,032
8,073.109
8,897,003
813,212
751.847
216.36$
1. 692,748
781,470
1.645.00S
96,376
435,63*
840,62:
S.004.281
889,701
505.90:
117. Ill
1.053,801
1.398.921
3.2X7,12:
8,S42.6^
1,022,94!
845. 73:
362.04^
2.041,19!
1.255.211
2,767.81'
loi, w:
1.185.956
1. 023, 632
• 131.061
1,275.93!
1.223,47!
133,281
1839. I 1900.
(10 me*.) (10 mos.
ARTICLEa
torn
Vheat ....»
Mcyclw ....... .i.....
Hocks and watches
'otton cloths
"ertlllKers
typewriters
jeather,
tacon ....... ..i... .-.
Jams .'
•ork ¦¦..¦
.ard
Jutter
lone*
JM.486.92S U3.U5.4tt
6.020,647 8,452,165
754, 6R1 822,63!
31.623 -17.436
• 28,739 . 18,225
1.406.548 1.S40.69C
429,115 426.341
901.604 798.305
1,878,772 1.209. «9
635.427 183. 3«
«78.236 475.63J
10,197.624 10,102,794
135,739 14,g«
626.780 395.5U
ARTICLES
(10 mos.)
I 1900.
(10 mot.
Agricultural implements....
Books, mapi and engravings
Flour -
Cars '..
Doel
-otton ...' . :..
Cotton manufactures, other
than cloths
Fruits and nuts
Scientific and electrical •In-
struments
Builders' hardware
Ocpper •
Sewing 1 machines
fallow ....; y
Boots and shoes
Resin
Furpentlne. spirits of
Dl'.cake and oilcake meal...
Refined mineral oil
Cottonseed oil... '..
Paraffin
n<-»f. salted or pickled
_>leomargarine oil
Seeds
Fobacco, unmanufactured...
Manufactures of tobacco....
rimber and "unmanufactured
wood
Uimber
Purniture
U, 681.004
100.48S
1.798,137
144,811
*2,834.39i
116,831
J, 450, 72:
W3.97I
30.801
68, 632.12
*s6."65S.*898
157.168
438.656
455.72!
1,416,691
SSI. SIS
807.043
8,694.573
65T.029
482.241
S7.6S6
806.392
905,032
8,073.109
8,897,003
813,212
751.847
216.36$
1. 692,748
781,470
1.645.00S
96,376
435,63*
840,62:
S.004.281
889,701
505.90:
117. Ill
1.053,801
1.398.921
3.2X7,12:
8,S42.6^
1,022,94!
845. 73:
362.04^
2.041,19!
1.255.211
2,767.81'
loi, w:
1.185.956
1. 023, 632
• 131.061
1,275.93!
1.223,47!
133,281
1839. I 1900.
(10 me*.) (10 mos.
ARTICLEa
torn
Vheat ....»
Mcyclw ....... .i.....
Hocks and watches
'otton cloths
"ertlllKers
typewriters
jeather,
tacon ....... ..i... .-.
Jams .'
•ork ¦¦..¦
.ard
Jutter
lone*
JM.486.92S U3.U5.4tt
6.020,647 8,452,165
754, 6R1 822,63!
31.623 -17.436
• 28,739 . 18,225
1.406.548 1.S40.69C
429,115 426.341
901.604 798.305
1,878,772 1.209. «9
635.427 183. 3«
«78.236 475.63J
10,197.624 10,102,794
135,739 14,g«
626.780 395.5U
ADVZBTIBEMENTS.
ONE WOMAN
With two face* ; one face bright with
health, the other face pinched ssd drawn
by illness. Many a woman can take the
portrait of herself made but a few years
ego, and holding it by her face in the
mirror realize a similar change.
Behind this change in form and fea-
ture is always disease, and generally dis-
ease which affects the womanly organ-
ism. The backache and bearing-down
pains put a heavy strain on the nervous
system. There is loss of sleep, lack of
appetite, and, as a natural result, loss of
strength and flesh.
Doctor Pierce's Favorite Prescription
cures diseases of the womanly organs.
It establishes regularity, dries enfeebling
drains, heals inflammation and ulcera-
tion and cures female weakness.
¦ Word* cannot tell irbal I attffered for thirteen
years with womb trouble and draj^injr-down
p^ins through my hips and back," writes Mrs.
John Dickson. of Grrnfcll. Assiniboia Dist., N.W.
7>r. "I can't describe the misery it wat to be
os my feet long at a time. Z could not eat nor
s!?cp. often I wished to die. Then I eaw Dr.
Pirrw's medicines advertised and thoerht I
would try them. Had not taken one bottle till
I w«s feeling well. After I bad taken five
Ixittles of 4 F«rorite Prescription' and one of
'Golden Medical Diaeovery' I wu like a new
woman. Could eat and tleep and do all my
cwn work. I would entreat of any lady suffcr-
>?ig from female weakness to rlre Dr. Jterce's
Favorite Prescription a tail trial, for I know the
benefit »he will receive."
Dr. Pierce's Pleasant Pellet* cure
biliousuess and nek headache.
»£p Hoffmanettes £n
J « Cigar, w"
THE HILSON CO . Makers, N. Y.
ti.0. SiSLES * CO.. DlitrlicUn. Ban rruelieo. i
ADVERTISEMENTS.
L.IU'l Ul j WLm\M III ft#^9
for Christmas Gifts
No OH, No Wich, No Trouble.
Beautiful lamps, with hand-decorated shades
and globes to match. Direct importations of
the Welsbach Co. No duplicates. Including -
Imported Glassware
Japanese Cloisonne
Antique and Modern Bronze
Be sure to use the Genuine Welsbacb Mantles
to get the finest effects, and the Improved
Welsbach Light, with GaspSaving Regulator, }
to save 83%% of cost of lighting.
ASK FOR NEW YEAR CALENDAR BOOK MARKER
Welsbach Company
138 Ellis Street
OPES EVENINGS DURING THB HOLIDAYS.Daly's school, whence came Garrison. Me-
Laughlin. Fitzpatrick. the Lamleys an-1
other crack riders. O'Connor has in his
make-up a pronounced sporting strain
and were it not for good advisers would
probably "blow" the money he makes.
His love of public adoration and applause
as well as decided penchants for drawing
"grand stand" finishes, costs the Eastern
boy many a race and his followers much
loss of sleep. Trainers could excuse
these youthful indiscretions if Winnie
would pay more attention to instructions.
But In this respect he is like many a
WHILE it might be said the lo
cal racing season is only in
its Infancy, one -point has
been vividly illustrated, and
that is. the riders are an in
ferior lot compared to former years. At
first It looked as if erratic Winnie
O'Connor was going to be a whole
show in himself, but his saddle
work seems to be of the streaky and in
consistent sort. Winnie is under contract
to the wealthy firm of Bromley & Co.. re
ceiving a yearly salary, so 'tis said, of
$10,000. He is a graduate from "Pa"
JOCKEYS RIDING HERE INFERIOR TO THOSE SEEN IN PAST
SEASONS— WINNIE O'CONNOR'S RAGTIME TACTICS UNPOPULAR
SPORTS * RACING, COURSING, BASEBALL, GOLF, SHOOTING,
RIDING UP TO THE JUDGES' STAND AFTER THE RACE IS OVER. THIS IS THE SHOW FEATURE AND SPECTACLE OF THE MANY-COLORED LIFE ABOUT THE TRACK, AND
IT IS HERE THE WINNING JOCKEY FIRST RECEIVES FOR HIS PERFORMANCE THE DELIBERATE APPLAUSE OF THE MULTITUDE GATHERED IN THE STANDS.
Century Club announces that the light
ning fighter win be one of the first ap
proached. The field of legitimate fighters
of big reputations is small and more than
ordinary diligence will be required to
bring about well-arranged matches.
On Thursday next the Columbia Ath
letic Club will give an exhibition, the
principal event of which will be a 20
round fight between Otto Cribb the Aus
tralian welterweight, lately Imported, and
Frank McConnell. Cribb is training at
the Six-Mile House with Soldier Green,
and McConnell is at the Seal Rock House
with "Spider" Kelly. The "Spider" is
matched with Doc Flynn. Cribb has mode
quite a reputation In his own country as
a whirlwind affair with not too much re
spect for the rules and laws of the game.
His defeated opponents have many harsh
things to say about fouling propensities
and rough tactiea. This will be his Initial
appearance In San Francisco.
There is a club, already Incorporated,
the Twentieth Century Club, that claims
for itself tho title of a reformer in a
much-polluted ring community. Matches.
If Its members remember their original
protestations, will be arranged between
only men of national reputation. Mc-
Govern Is needed to resuscitate legitimate
fighting on this coast, and the Twentieth
sprung up like mushrooms. Four-round
bouts, with blood anl thunder, accom
paniments, to the ultimate sacrifice of
skill and science, seem to be thftir mis
sion. There was a time when these clubs
served a purpose in tlie line of develop
ment. Then there was a single contest
each month between young aspirants who
were fairly well trained. Now these ex
hibitions come so thick and fast that,
no matter how cyclonic in character they
are the public appetite is glutted. Tha
surfeit will soon destroy It.
WHAT will the New Year bring
for the pugilistic game?
Something good — different
from what we are having —
or an intensified form of th-3
present rubbish? These are questions that
are being asked on every hand and the
answers will not be known until the New
Year is fairly under way.
Pugilism— high-class fighting and box
ing—has never been at bo low an ebb in
San Francisco as at the present time.
Ehiring the past year not a single fight
of consequence had San Francisco for it*
ring setting. Mediocre ability, to be
charitable, has been brought to the front
and phenix-Uke attempts have been
made with Incinerated materlpi. That is
a year's local history In the professional
ring.
On the amateur stacre the conditions
are totally different. Boxing clubs with
one ostensible and real purpose have
What Is Necessary to Raise the Local Pugilistic Standard and
Improve a Degenerated Sport.
RING REFORMATION FOR
THE COMING NEW YEAR
Pete "Walsh reports that canvasbacks are drifting: in to their old stamping
grounds, the Petaluma marshes.
Quail are plentiful enough, but they axe hard, to set at. Tha birds are wild.
General Cook shot back of Tocoloma and got a small bag.
C. H. Precht tried, the same locality with the same luck.
At the Country Club no difficulty is experienced in securing the limit allowed
by law.
The California Coyote Club was out last Sunday on the Refuglo range. On©
coyote was' killed. The fog was so thick that no heavy work was attempted.
R. A. Eddy did not duplicate his record performance of a week ago. Last
Sunday's work on the Cordelia ponds brought him little success. J. Winner. L.
Titus. L. Harpham. H. Miller and H. Hoamer killed 100 birds, most of which
were widgeon and sprig with a sparse scattering; of canvasbacks.
The Mlra Monte Gun Club Is using live decoys with great success.
S. C. Marsh ehot a few sprig: and widgeon at Bollnas last Sunday. On his
way back to Sausalito he bagged a few quail.
F. M. Burr shot on the San Leandro marshes last Saturday night, killing nine
teen, canvasbacks and teal. ~ C".
W. Murdock, at Sears Point, brought In nineteen "spoonles." all In food con
dition.
Reports declare the ducks to have scattered, leaving- the ponds hare of feath
ered life. This means a dull Saturrtayand Sunday to the spprtsmen whose es
pecial delight Is a string of "cans" or mallards.
On the San Pablo raarsnes last Sunday the shooting was poor. No wind and
plenty of fee that was thick and low were the responsible agents. Spoonbills
predominated in the bags, all of which -srere small. Now and then an Isolated
canvasback was seen among them. On the Suisun marshes sprig was first. At
Tomales Bay the black sea brant is beginning to to put in an appearance. When
tbla bird once starts to fly In the bay soon becomes black with them.
ALL the tender leaves of hope the duck shoott rs put forth were nipped In
tho bud yesterday when the heavens opened and deluge-! field and
marsh with unremittent rain. Weather conditions were bad enough last
Sunday. Then came the improvement, high winds and other happy ac
companying elemental states. If the rain had kept off great shooting
would have been "expected, and undoubtedly it would have teen realized.
Conditions for Duck Shooting Good Before
the Last Storm Arrived.
SOUTH WIND BLOWS
AND BIRDS SCATTER
June— Seventeen registrations, best of which are: Pretender-Miss Skyrocket.
Emin Paeha-Elco. Emln Pashas-Armagh Lass, Pretender-Terronette, October
Woodcock-Maglo Circle. . *
To-day and to-morrow the fine 12S-dog stake will b« run at Union Coursing
Park. This stake Is no exception to the general order of the latter day open
stakes run at the same park. The best doss are entered.
esty, Rolsten-Fltry Face.
Northern Surprise-Liberty.
May— Twenty-Cve registrations, most promising litters: St. Lawrence-Light
foot, Cavalier-Vanity Fair. St. Lawrence-Mountain Belle, Pretender-Benlcla
Maid, Wild Tralee-Just Eclipsed, Firm Friend-Gladys Pasha, Ploughboy-Hon-
English dop*. Most promising litters: Crawford Lad-Grasshopper. Rochester-
Swedish, Hurrieane-Sapho, Sylvanus-Systematic. Emln Pasha-Sinaloa, Firm
Friend-Annie Laurie, Raven Glass-Real Lassie, For Freedom-Golden Russet,
Rochester-Santa Rita, Northern Surprlse-Quickstltch. Temple-Lady Falconer.
April— Eighteen registrations, most promising litters: Hughie-Bart's Bell.
Hughle-Mystic Maid. Hugh'e-Bennle Lass. Shylock-Santa Inez, Fear Not-Golden
Gate, Pretender-Trinket. Royal Buck-Black Lock, Northern Surprlse-Patna,
HUL
March— Twenty-seven registrations; several new sires, especially Imported
tenor cf coursing at the present time Is smooth and unruffled— not
I even a ripplo on the' surface to Hreik the rvn of regular mid-week and
I open stakes. This will continue until February, when zhe big Belle Bran
_[!_ don stake will be run at Union Park in conjunction with the substitute
Etake for the John Grace challenge cup. which was shoved several
months ahead on the calendar and run off last October.
In consideration ot the general advance interest in the big sapling stake of
February it might be well to look over the field of puppies and see what Is of
fered in futurities. Among the many registrations arc a number of promising lit
ters, the best of which are given below:
January — Twenty-one litter registra-tic ne. the best of which are: St. Liwrence-
Mariette, Sylvanus-High Bern Lady, Hughie- Winning Style, For Freedom-Bona,
Eir.in Pasha-Metallic. Rochester-Wasted Time. Rochester-Wattle Bloom.
February— Twelve registrations, best of which are; For Freedom-Amarosa.
St. Clalr-Maid of Honor. Connemara-Belle of Anderson, For Freedom-Daisy.
Some Registered Puppies That Will Have
a Chance at the Belle Brandon.
LITTER CANDIDATES
FOR FUTURE HONORS
The California Cycling Club has elected
the following officers: President. Charles
Du Fosse; vies president, Marshall Grif
fith; secretary. Fred Molier; treasurer.
Frank BuEh; sergeant-at-arms, George
Ohnimus; captain. Walker Gibson; lieu
ter-ants. Gus Seyfried and Charles Phifler.
The clubhouse at Folsom and Twenty
6econd streets has recently been refur
nished and the club is In a flourishing con
dition.
Cycling^ Club Officers,
Fishing Notes.
Bass fishing has not been, satisfactory
to the angler during the past week. TV.
R. McFarland, I Turner, W. Turner,
Charles Kewedl, O. W. Jackson. H. Terry,
F. Marcus. F. Marcus Jr.. C. B. Holly
wood and L. Rondo tried Schultz Slough
last Sunday, McFarland and Charles.
Kewell being the only strikers of the
party.
O. W. Jackson and B. Painter have re
ceived word from Monterey that the sal
mon are beginning to run in Monterey
waters and that good sport is expected
.very soon. ;
Gathered around a long banquet table
at the Casino, the park road resort,
about fifty members of the Golden Gate
Park Driving Association passed away
several happy hours last Saturday ever
lng. The banquet was set for a 9 o'clock
beginning, but It was a full hour later
when the drivers of fast horses sat down
to a repast that lasted till the small hours
grew Into lone ones.
Speeches and the popping wine were the
Joy provokers. After a heartry. Jolly time
the party broke up and the ribbon-hand
lers took to their teams and drove city
ward. The annual meeting of 1900 around
the board will long be remembered by the
members of the association for more rea
sons than one. "It must have been a
late session." said the non-attendant who
was out on the park roads Sunday. Xoiq
of the banqueters could be found.
PARK DRIVERS
BANQUET AT THE
CASINO RESORT
The hounds ran better than on any pre
vious occasion during the presnt season
huntsman Jerry Keating keeping well be
hind them and none of the field overriding
them. Last Wednesday a good gallop was
enjoyed by a t,mall field of three, all of
whpm were at one time down.
The San Mateo Hunt Club will meet at
2 o'clock this afternoon at Homestead
Common, San Mateo. On "Wednesday the
hounds will be laid on at the dairy. Mill
brae, at 9 a. m., and next Saturday the
meet will be at Wellesley Park, Redwood
City, at 9:30 in the morning.
The run last Saturday was one rf the
pleasantest that has been enjoyed this
seaccn. Ihe meet was at Uncle Tom's
Cabin at 2 p. m.. and after a delay of a
quarter of an hour to allow those who
had been lunching with Prince Poniatow
ski at Tanforan to put in an appearance,
the riders dropped into the field opposite
Uncle Tom's Cabin and kept to the left
of the road for about a mile. Then the
field crossed the road and retraced its
fctcps to Uncle Tom's Cabin, proceeding in
a westerly direction, and Jumping a par
ticularly tall piece of timber on the way.
The firstcheck occurred after about three
miles. The hounds were then laid on at
the top of the hill and led the way over
some beautiful galloping ground, crossing
the Crystal Springs road, where the sec
ond check occurred. The pack was laid
on for the third time above D. O. Mills'
place, and finished a good run in front of
F. J. Carolan's house. L
FOX HOUNDS CUT
A LIVELY PACE
IN SAN MATEO
The reports submitted by various com
mittees and from the secretaries gave as
surance that the interest in the approach
ing festival which is to be held next July
Is growing in the East as well as in Cali
fornia. The report of the prize commit
tee was most encouraging, and It Is safe
to predict that the prizes which will be
offered by California will exceed those of
any previous bundes test in numbers and
in value.
The regular monthly meeting of the Na
tional Schuetzen Bund of the United
States of America was neld on Thursday
evening. December 13. at California Hall.
Captain F. Attinger, president of the Na
tional Bund, presided. Tne meeting was
fully attended by the delegates from af
filiated societies from San Francisco, Sac
ramento. San Jose. San Rafael and other
cities near the bay.
RIFLFMEN ARE
PREPARING FOR
THEIR BIG EVENT
At the Presidio athlelc grounds 1 to-mor
row afternoon Company C and Company
N of the League of the Cross Cadets'
Baseball League, will play a match game.
The cadets' tournament is now drawing
to a close, with these two teams fighting
for second place. A hard game Is expect- !
ed. Following Is the line-up of the teams:
Company C ' Positions. Company N.
Campbell .Pitcher Fljnn
Bannon....... Catcher Butler
T. Dougherty...... Flrrt base J. Kennedy
McDonald .....Second base Cavanauch
Haserty Third base Adamlna
F. Dougherty Shortstop McGovern
Townley Left field... . Joyce
Hall ....Center McLaughlln
Qoyhemix Right field Kennedy
At Eighth and Harrison-street grounds
on Sunday next at 2 p. m the Koenigs
will meet the Alamedas. This will be the
third time th«se teams have met and
each team has a game to Its credit.
Lost Sunday the Koenlgs defeated tha
Golden Gates, score 4 to 3, in one of thS
fastesteames played during the season.
. Van Haltren of the Now Yorks will play
In the center garden for the Alameria-f
The teams will line up as follows:
Koenlss. Positions. " Alamedaa
p^eV::::::::::::r^;;;;;;;;; J - Hs£s
D. Brodle. Tim bag* W.*Hammond
?¦ -g*} " Second bas... r5££a™
i^P^ 1 IS 1 ** ba8e Simpson
Brockhoff Left field ..Britt
McGee.............. Center fleid.....Van Haltren
Knell Right field.....; Schroder
Scheduled Games of the
Amateur League and
League of Cross
Cadets.
BASEBALL IS
GIVEN OVER
TO AMATEURS
If the weather Is fine this afternoon H.
B. Goodwin and S.~ 1* Abbot Jr. will play
off the' final round for the Council's cup,
which has been postponed from time to
time. There will be an approaching con
test this afternoon on the Presidio links.
On Christmas day. there will be men's
foursomes over eighteen holes, medal
play, with handicap. Miss Alice Colden
Hoffman, captain of the ladles' team of
the San Francisco Golf Club, will shortly
Issue a list of events. In the ladles' put
ting contest.* four balls on nine greens
held on the Presidio links on Wednesday
morning. Mrs. R. Gllman Brown and Miss
Sarah Drum tied with 81 strokes; in the
play-off Mrs. Brown won with a score of
9 to 11, and took first prize.
The captain of the San Francisco Golf
Club has received a communication from
the capital announcing the formation of
the Sacramento Golf Club, and request
ing his assistance in procuring a suitable
man to act as instructor to the would-be
golfers of Sacramento City.
A somewhat lengthy document contain
ing the conditions under which the home
and home matches between teams of the
San Francisco and Oakland Golf clubs Is
to be played has been drawn up, but has
not yet received the signature of Vice
Captain P. E. Bowles of the Oakland Golf
Club. The conditions are precisely similar
to those under which the two previous an
nual contests have been held.
Final Round of Council's
Cup and Approaching
Contest at the
Presidio.
GOLF CRACKS
BOTHERED BY
CLAY GREENS
The annual meeting of the San Fran
cisco Golf Club will be held on Saturday,
January 6, when the regular ticket pre
pared by the nominating committee, con
sisting of H. D. Plllsbury.^T. Binney and
W. H. L& Boyteaux, will be voted upon.
The 8an Francisco Golf Club recently
received a letter stating that the 8anta
Fe Railway Company, In conjunction with
the Southern Pacific Company, has made
arrangements for a tour throughout Cali
fornia of the celebrated golfers "Willie"
Smith and David Bell, and asking wheth
er the San Francisco Golf Club could re
ceive them on March 5 and 6, 1901. A re
ply has been forwarded offering the hos
pitality of the Presidio Club on those
days. The exact nature, however, of the
tournament to be held has not been de
cided, though the generaUdesire seems to
be for an event open to amateurs and pro
fessionals alike, with money prizes for
the professionals and trophies for the am
ateurs. Such a contest would bring In
the Rawlins brothers, Robert . Johnstone,
James Melville, George _.nlth of San Ra
fael, as well as the strongest of the ama
teurs, who on a course with which they
are thoroughly familiar ought to be able
to push the visitors pretty closely.
The San Francisco Golf Club Is so pros
perous and its members so numerous that
It is necessary to extend the space availa
ble for lockers.. - A ~
The only event now remaining unfin
ished in the tournament of the Sausallto
Golf Club is the mixed foursomes. In
which Miss Grace Martin and W. F. Horn
tied last Sunday with Miss Mabel Mason
and J. M. Kllgarif. The Rawlins broth
ers played a most interesting match over
eighteen holes on the Sausalito links last
Sunday, Harry Rawllns beailng his broth
er by eight strokes. The scores were as
follows: - ¦
Horace Rawlins—
Out.. 6 « 5 B 8 T 6 8 6— 63
In ..5 8 5 8 6 4 8 5 «— 48— 100
Harry Rawlins —
Out 4 4 5 4 5 7 6 « 5— 46
In .....V..4 6 5 5 7 4 5 4 8— 46— 9J
> "Willie" Smith, David Bell and;Arthur
Rigby are at present at Hot Springs, Ark.,
where they played for the first time on
sand putting grounds. It is expected that
they will start for California about Jan
uary L •-¦ -•-.:. • ¦ •¦.. • .< ; • ¦•¦-• . . :.
A "drink cure" established at Akronj
Ohio, has quit business for want of suflW
dent custom. i
TOURNAMENTS
FOR WIELDERS
OF THE RACKET
The ladles' open single tournament at
the California Club was postponed until
Wednesday afternoon, December 13. on>
account of the stormy weather last Wed
nesday. Miss Hall, the coast champion.
will play, which will add greater Interest
to the tournament
The eighth tournament in, doubles for
the Davis cups will be played to-morro*-.
Sunday, and It is exjjected that twelve
teams will ba entered. The make-uj> of
the teams will be decided to-day.
To-morrow the Round Robin tourna
ment between the five players. Croweil.
Collier. Johnson, Smith and Cede will bo
arranged.
George Whitney and Werner Stauf vis
ited Haywards last Sunday as the guest*
of Mr. Cooper. George Whitney played
several of the crack players of the town
and beat them, easily.
The executive committee of the Pacific
States Tennis* Association 'havo decided tj
accept Spauldlng & Co.'a offer to donate
a $300 cup for the sinsle championship of
the coast, to be won three times to havj
complete ownership. The cup will be
made in Chicago and sent here some time
next June. The withdrawal from the an
nual single contest of George Whltriev i
Sumner and Samuel Hardy, will give tha/
new and young Players all an eveaj
chance.
THE SAX FRANCISCO CAL.J., SATURDAY, DECEMBER 15, JUUU.
size. Little boys possess small minds,
and If one sees an opening he is going to
try to get through, heedless of the
thought that a severe accident may re
sult. And for this choosing of the "over
land route" as it is termed on the track,
Buliman has been criticized time after
time. As he brings home many a winner
and is on the "firing line" all the time,
which his critics are not, his argument
carries much force with it.
Of the older brigade, Nash Turner
seems to be going back, due perhaps to
increasing weight. Then, too. Xash, a
very quiet and reserved young man, may
have saved most of the money he has
listen "Walter Jennings, for whom he ?3
riding, can give him many valuable point
ers. J. Miller, the Schorr jockey, is a new
comer out this way. He formerly rode
tor "Texas" Smith, the turfman ruled off
at Chicago last summer.
Bookmaker Fred Cook, though, has the
king pin lightweight in Dominick. Cool
as an iceberg, the youngster can sit down
and finish with most of the heavy ones
at the wire. lie has piloted any number
of winners since arriving here, and a*
many of the horses were lens? shots in
the betting, any one following his mounts
would be "way to the good."
F. E. MULHOLLAND.
earned, and keen observers are Inclined
to the belief that this fact often detracts
from a rider's dash and courage. The sea
captain who has acquired a competency,
in many instances no lonper cares to face
the dangers of the sailor^ life, and jock
eys are but human. Johnny Woods pegs
along in the same groove, no worse, no
better than he was a couple of years
back. Coburn uses very good Judgment
as a rule, and In another year ought to
be a first class rider. Alounce made rapid
strides to- the front as soon as he began
getting good mounts, the real secret of
every rider's success. The Idaho boy has
still considerable to learn, but if he w:.l
Quite frequently In former seasors
"Skeets" Martin. Clem ' Jenkins. Tod
Sloan and Harry Spencer would pilot
four and five winners during an after
noon, but not so with the present set of
riders. Beyond cavil had Buliman better
control of his temper, and been let down
with a milder sentence by the Oakland of-
barber, who listens to«a list of instruc
tions three stories high from his cus
tomer and then proceeds to chop the ha'.r
off according to his own notion of how it
should be done.
ficials for striking Coburn, that rider
would have headed the winning list.
Never a Phowy horseman. Buliman plods
steadily along:, and when it comes muddy
going, has no superior in the country.
It cannot be said in his favor that hu
saves all the ground possible during the
progress of a race, but in explanation of
this, Buliman says: "You never know
what those crazy kids are going to do
next, and I'd rather go around than get
mixed up with them." There Is more
truth than fiction about this statement,
too, for it receives full verification in al
most every race decided at Oakland and
Tanforan Park where the fields are of any
4NEW . YORK. Dec. 14.— Although
Dorothy Drew, who sang "I'd
Leave My Happy Home For
You," has not filed that promised
breach of promise" suit against
Champion James J. Jeffries, it is evident
that she is. "getting the goods" on the
heavy-weight Califomlan.
Mies Drew was a mernber of the big
prize-fighter's company during the sum
mer eeason. Near Its close the rumor got
out that she and Jeff were to make a
match. When Jeffries was asked about It
he said the rumor was true, and referred
further questions to Miss Drew. This
young woman said it was true also and
that the wedding would be within a few
weeks.
Now Jeffries denies that he was ever
engaged to the actress, and to a friend
the b'ig fighter said that he would be a
fool to marry that "pug-nosed soubrette,"
as he termed her. It so happens that Dor
othy is known from coast to coast as a
high kicker, and a few seasons ago while
she was doing her turn in a San Fran
cisco theater she neglected to duck her
head In time and kicked herself on the
nose, breaking It. Since then Dorothy has
had a flat nose. And for this reason a
second thought is supposed to have con
vinced Jeffries that he can secure a wife
without a dameged nose..
To prove that Chamtpion Jeffries was ar
dent in his pursuit of her and that he de-
Sired her near him always, Miss Drew will
exhibit In the suit a collection of tele
grams with which the pugilist kept the
wire busy. She also has letters which she
savs are filled with the fiercest protesta
tions of love and which she says will also
be read in court unless - Mr. Jeffries re
tracts his "brutal and contemptible de
nials" of their engagement to be married.
• Among the telegrams held by Miss Drew
is this one, dated at Scranton, Pa., No
vember 1:
"Miss Dorothy Drew, New \ork City-
Have arranged for your arrival at Mauch
Chunk Saturday, afternoon. Come with
out fall. Answer Wilkesbarre to-morrow.
Will anxiously await you Saturday.
(Signed) Jim."
Other messages and various meetings,
•with what occurred at them, will be testi
fied to in court, it is said.
But November 29 he burst into tele
graphic prose once more In this dispatch:
"MIbs Dorothy Drew. Savoy Hotel, New
Haven — Will leave on 12:12. train. 1. Will. you
meet me? Jim." »v ¦,. ¦•- .
Then there was' a lull In the telegraphic
storm, which Miss Drew declares was due
to the pugilist taking to the malls as the
proper medium for love communication.
"Miss Dorothy Drew, Haines House.
Springfield, Maes. — Hope you are feeling
well. Will meet you at train at 6. Will
write. Jim."
The week after, while Miss Drew was In
Springfield, Mass., this telegram reached
her: -,. ':.
"Miss Dorothy Drew, Lyceum Theater,
Baltimore — Will be sure and meet you on
2:30 train. Wire me when you leave. Jim."
Miss Drew says she met him as he de
sired, but the following week Jeffries
seemed to have been as anxious as ever to
see the actress, for November 9 he wired
her at Baltimore this message:
"Miss Dorothy Drew, Lyceum Theater,
Baltimore— Get ticket for Philadelphia.
Will meet you at train. Jjm."
Next day before Mls3 Drew arrived Jef
fries sent this dispatch:
Two days later he sent this from the
same place:
"Miss Dorothy Drew, Broad Street Sta
tion, Philadelphia— Will meet you at 11:45.
(Signed) Jim." . ,
POROTHY. DREW, THE DASHING VAUDEVILLE PERFORMER, WHO
HAS DECLARED HER INTENTION OF SUING JIM JEFFRIES FOR
BREACH OF PROMISE.
Handball Games,
The following handball games will be
played at the San Francisco courts to
morrow: F. W. Stapff and W. Darneal
vs. W. D. Carlisle and W. F. Stauff; P.
Mclntyre and D. McDonald vs. M. Mc-
Neil and P. McKinnon; W. Williams and
J. Lawless vs. D. Connolly and P. Ryan;
A. McVicker and T. Leach vs. J. Condon
and T. Foley; W. H. Sleberst and D. J.
Sheehan vs, N. J. Prendergast and W. H.
Kedlan; W. Hassell and A. Collins vs. L-
Kenny and E. Antron; M. Levy and M.
McDonald vs. M. Basch and 8. Wurk
helm; E. Curley and W. Maguire vs. J.
Riordan and J. Harlow; M. J. Kilgallon
and R. Linehan vs. J. White and J. Col
lins, mmim
THE CALL'S RACING FORM CHART.
Faith and hope may die, but charity Is
immortal. .
At the meeting of the Dolphin Swim
ming and Boating Club on Wednesday
night the following officers were elected
to serve for the coming year: E. H. Coney,
president; J. S. Earls, vice-president;
Adam Schuppert, treasurer: Yf. L. Bush,
recording secretary; F.C. Stalb, financial
secretary; P. Freudenberg, sergeant-at
arms; W. O. Patch, captain; T. R. Dlxon.
lieutenant-captain; Andrew Brennan and
C. M. Farrell, members of the executive
committee; C. Alferltz, Frank Curry and
H. Perazzi. trustees: A. W. Pape, A. P.
Rothkopf and Joseph Laib, delegates to
the Pacific Association of tho Amateur
Athletic Union.
The Dolphins have- paid the first install
ment on the new skiff which is to be built
for them by Davy of. Cambridge, Mass..
who will begin work upon It as soon as he
has finished two four-oared shells upon
which he is engaged. The annual club din
ner -will be 'given on Saturday, January 12.
Ladles' night at the clubhouse has been
postponed until the weather shall have be
come more settled. The members have de
cided to give three ladies' days during ths
coming year.
At the meeting of the Alameda Boating
Club on Tuesday night the question of en
larging, the scope of the club and of tak
ing new quarters at the foot of Park
Street, Alameda, was discussed. While
several of the members were In favor of
taking In athletes of various sorts and of
building up a general athletic club, the
sentiment that prevailed was against los
ing the identity of the rowing club. At the
next meeting officers will be nominated,
and at the first meeting In January they
will be elected.
At the meeting of the South End Row
ing Club on Tuesday night It was decided
to put the three barges and two skiffs Into
repair, so that it may be possible for the
club to hold a regatta early next year.
OARSMEN ELECT
OFFICERS FOR
COMING SEASON
Chosen Friends.
The announcement that a receiver had
been applied for by the Order of Chosen
Friends came to the membership In this
city as a great surprise, but this course, it
is. claimed, became necessary on account
of the unusual death loss sustained by the
Galveston disaster. These claims amount
ed to about $60,000 and could not be met
without extra assessments. What effect
the action taken in Indiana
will have upon the jurisdiction
in California is not known, but
will be determined when there shall be a
meeting of the. grand officers. Grand Re
corder Wallls, who had gone north to or
ganize a council, has been summoned
home by telegraph. Grand Councilor
Savage has been summoned • from San
Pedro and a meeting will soon be held to
discuss the situation. •
Clever Forger Wante'd.
' William T. Crittenden, a director of the
People's Mutual Telephone Company .com
plained at police headquarters yesterday
that a man was collecting installments on
shares of the company and forging the
name of A. Hadden, the authorized col
lector. He had collected $3 yesterday
morning from J. M. de Bare, one of the
shareholders, who owned one share in
the company, and he might have collected
considerable more money. Crittenden was
advised to swear out a "John Doe" war
rant for the man's arrest on a charge of
forgery, and he did bo before Judge Con-
Ian. The police have a description of the
forger, and it has been sent to all the sta
tions. -
Articles of incorporation of the Ohio
Society of California were filed yesterday.
The directors are: J. M. Gleaves, William
H. Jordan, John W. Richards. H. A.
Iddings, G. A. Scheer, Milton E. Baker.
Henry Hilp, J. A. Whiteside, Louis P.
McCarty, E. J. Ensign and N. P. Chip
man.
Pauline and Louis Westerfeld, executrix
and executor of the will of the late Wil
liam Westerfeld. have sued A. G. Hawes,
Pacific Coast representative of the New
York Life Insurance Company, to recover
$10,000 damages for alleged fraud, which
the plaintiffs say was committed by the
defendant to their damage In the sum
sued for. The plaintiffs allege that
through the false and fradulent represen
tations of Hawes they surrendered a pol
icy for $10,000 on decedent's life to him
for the sum of $2666 C6. They discovered
at a recent date that they were defraud
ed, tho plaintiffs aver, and now sue to
recover.
Philip Archibald, the prominent book
maker, who was recently declared Incom
petent, was before Judge Coffey yesterday
on a motion for his restoration to ca
pacity. The tourt refused to grant the
motion and Archibald announced that he
would take a trip to Australia in hopes of
benefiting hl3 health. B. W. Cayanagh,
Archibald's guardian, resigned his trust
and Mrs. Archibald will be appointed in
his stead.
Judge Daingerfleld gained twenty-one
votes yesterday in his contest to the elec
tion of Thomas F. Graham. ' *>-*':
The will of Peter McDonald, who died in
Dawson City on •November 25 last,; has
been filed for probate. An estate of con
siderable value Is bequeathed to . de
cedent's mother. Isabella McDonald, to
be held in trust for the use of her grand
children. •
Court Notes.
At the last meeting of the Vallejo
Yachting and Boating Club It was report
ed that the piles and capping: for the foun
dation of the clubhouse had been obtain
ed. A committee consisting of Noyes, Se
brant and Callen was appointed to make
arrangements for beginning work on the
foundation.
The next event . of interest to yachts
men will be the annual dinner of the Cpr :
lnthlans In the clubhouse, at Tiburori. on
New Year's Day.- This. ¦ as for several
years past, will be prepared and served
under the supervision of Port Captain
John'H. Keefe, who will be assisted by
the! Cooks' and Waiters' Union. Laat
Saturday the popular port captain save a
dinner in the clubhouse to a large party
of well-known' Corinthians, among whom
were ex-Commodores William Moody,
_Jx>uis B. Chapman. W. A. Stringer, J. W.
Pew,- T. F. ¦ Tracy and Carl Westerfeld.
Commodore H. D. Hawks, Vice-Commo
dore E. F. Sagar, Treasurer C. L. Barrett.
Secretary T. L. Miller, Directors W. S.
Grover and J. V. O'Brien. Other guests
were J. Short, F. E.Schober, H. W. Wes
terfeld, J. L. Hawks, D. W. McLaughlin.
G. W. Crowell. W. F. Fisher. H. A. Den
hard, J. C. Brickell. T. J. Kavanaugh,
Frank W. Thompson. E. Angelo and J.
O'Brien. .v -• ••
YACHTSMEN AND
FUNMAKERS AT
A JOLLY FEAST
The Vampires of San Francisco .will play
a match of association football, or "soc
cer,", as enthusiasts term it, this after
non on the Presidio athletic ' grounda
against the Oakland Wanderers, cap
tained by Douglas Ersklne. The kick-off
will be' at 3 o'clock and the teams will
line up as follows:-": .
¦ Vampires. . • Positions. Wanderers.
Humphreys ....iGoal keeper Hunter
Turner.....;......... Fullback .......;... ....Kilty
Robertson Fullback Bradley
McGaw: .',... Halfback Warren
DuRsan:. Halfback Lamont
Wilding........ Halfback Shaw
Chambers 1 Forward Bennett
Buckley '....;... .Forward ;'.. Lackie
Cassidy Center Ersklnn'
Bishop...' .....Forward Bird
Baugh. Forward ; .Berry
WANDERERS AND
VAMPIRES PL AY
A "SOCCER" GAME
The much-heralded bout between "Dea
con" Jones, the colored scrapper, and Ah
Wing, the champion of Chinatown, fell
through. Wing was taken sick three days
ago and was unfit to go on. Rather .than
disappoint the spectators he entered the
ring and boxed a tame ¦ round with the
"Deacon" and was allowed to retire .wltii
colors flying. . : . . : s r...hv-;
The entertainment furnished great sport
for the spectators. The contestants were
well matched and in good condition.
George O'Brien earned a decision over
Jack Warner after four rounds 'of heavy
boxing; Jack Krell knocked out Charles
Royal In the third lound of their bout;
Hugh Friel, an auburn-haired youth, and
Jack Archie battled five fast rounds to a
draw; Billy Snailham gained a well
earned decision over Joe Brodshaw after
four rounds of lierce fighting; "Kid"
Krell, a twin brother of the youth who
won the second bout of the evening,
knocked out. Artie Kelly In the third
round. Krell was sent to the carpet twice
In the second, but came back fighting
hard and in the third he mad» Kelly dizzy
with heavy swings and len-hand jabs.
He completed his task with a heavy rlght
cross; Mike Curtain secured a decision
over "Sailor Sharkey" at the end of their
.bout. The Sailor was willing and received
enough punishment to leave a lasting im
pression; Billy Kelly knocked out Henry
Silver in two rounds without much ex
ertion.
More fighting- was done outside the ring
at the San ; Francisco Athletic. Club last
night than within the squared circle. Not'
that the, contestants did not battle as on
previous exhibition nights, but the excited
individuals without the ropes, dodged
more' blows, scored more punches and
sidestepped more leads than the fighters
tnernseives.
Amateur Boxers Arouse
Much Enthusiasm
at a Club Exrii-
RING-GOERS
ENJOY MANY
GOOD BOUTS
1480. FIRST RACE— Five and a half furlonet; selling; three-year-olds; purse. |300.
I p<>! '¦ f Betting «
Index 1 Horse and Weight. Pst St. %. %. Btr. Fin. Jockeys. Op. HI. CL PI.
1432 Matt Hogan S9 8 Tl 3~4 1~H T» Ransch 3 6 15-5 4-5
(1470) Vantlne 109 5 5 22 1V»22 2H llounce .... 6-8 8-6 8-5 4-5
1470 The Singer 10» S8 61 44 32 S",4 O'Connor .. 3 9-2 9-2 8-5
liS8 St. Anthony 99 4 1 11 2 H 4 10 4 15 Domlnlck 4 12 12 4
1S26 Klckumbob 109 92 9 72 61 51 Phelan 12 80 . 25 10
14S0 Daniel 104 27 6H&- 81 61 E. Ross 6 20 20 8
1450 Burdock -.101 18 8H9 81 76 J/ ililler.... 20 60 50 SO
1462 Dlomed 10» 74 71 61 7h 84 J. Woods... 6 20 15 •
1S24 Devereux 88 33 42 51 6h 9 Fauntleroy 20 100 100 40
Time— 3-16. :1SH; 7-16. :43: IW. 1:09. Bad starT Won easily. Second and 'third driving.
Winner, C E. Durnell's b. g. by imp. Wagner-Miss Right. Hogan left Vantine in the
stretch when ready. The Singer struck a discord at the start. Dlomed no account in mud.
Scratched— The Benedict 99, Pupil 112, Tlzona 1C9. • - ¦ • .
14S7. SECOND RAC£>-6even furlongs; selling; three-year-olds and up; purse, 1330.
. __ ' ". f Betting
Index Horse, Age. Welght,JP«t St. M. M. Btr. Fin. Jockeys. Op. Hi. Cl. PL
1427 Imperious. 5 106 7E 34 21 12 13 J. Woods... 6 6(3
1472 Flamero, 4 104 4 3 42 41 22 23 J. Martin... 6 8 8,8
1461 El Mido. 4 104 2 1 86 S 15 3 h 3 n Mounce .... 3 6 9-2 2
1472 Wyoming, a 107 6 9 71 72 4 *i 4 3 J. Miller.... 3 4 4 3-2
1472 Lomond, 3 105 87 6%5tf52 54 O'Connor -.5 6 4'.v 2
1472 Merry Boy, 6 104 S8 53 6h 71 66 E>. ¦ Ross 10 20 20 7
1J37 Almoner. 4 106 5 6 2H31 S3 76 Frawley .... 20 80 30 10
1426 Ping". 6... 104 12 9 9 9 8 6 Stuart 6 10 10 4
1472 JABtor. » 104 94 11 1362 9 Domlnick .. 8 10 10 4
Time— H. :13; «i, :36H; %. 1:03: %'. l:29«i. Poor start. Won easily. Second and third driv
ing. Winner, Dr. H. E. Rowell's b. g. by Morello-Helen Scratch, Winner at home in the
going and in enjoyment of Kood racing luck. El Mldo cut off, at start. Wyoming camo
lrom far back. Lomond poorly ridden. Merry Boy won't do in the mud. ¦ Ping, can do bet
ter._ Scratched— Inclndlator _107._ g^P",^}^ _ _ _' . 'j! 1*11 - _____¦
14SS. THIRD RACE— Six furlongs? selling; two-year-olds; purse, $400.
Po. / Betting
IndexiHorao and Weight. Pst St. U. %. Str. Fin. Jockeys. Op. HI. Cl. PI.
1463 Flatterer 96 1 1 1~H T% Tl Tl 1J. Daly I U 10^ 1
(146S) Tenny Belle 103 6 2 3% 41 56 21 Mounce .... 5 8 8 3
<H63) Selde 10S 73 2b 21 2%3h O'Connor ... 8-3 8 2 4-5
1463 Rollick 95 3 4 43 3 hi. 31 42 Ransch 8 9-2 4 7-5
1476 Bab » 101 C 6 63 51 4h B10 J. Miller.... 5 7 6 5-3
.... Dandy Jim 100 ~ 4 5 52 64 6 S 6 10 Dominlck ..4 7 5 6-2
1480 Billy Lyons 93 2 7 7 1 7.7 Logue 12 20 20 6
Time— M. :24«&; V%, :49>4; %, 1:16. Good start. Won first three driving. Winner, F. D.
Weir's br. c by Emperor- Flattery. Winner apparently an umbrella horse. Mounce rated
Tenny Belle. Selde might have won had O'Connor followed Instructions and gone on about
his business. Bab was "standln* on de corner, didn't mean no harm." Scratched— Jim
HalelOS^^
14SO. FOURTH RACE — One mile; San Josa handicap; three-year-olds ; purse. $500.
I TPoTj |< : — Betting- II
Index Horse and WeighMPstlSt. %. H. Btr. Fin. Jockeys. Op. Hi. Cl. ; TL
1464 Bathos 90 6 4 11H 1 2 13 1 1H J. Martin... 12 ~12 5
1458 Haviland 96 11 31 3% 28 2 8 Domlnick .. 8 9-2 9-3 1
(1472) Owensboro 101 43 6 56 46 3^ Mounce .... 3 16-5 8 $-10
1453 Gusto 80 3 6 2% 23 364 10 Redfern .... 30 100 100 ; 20
1460 Specific 109 5 6-4V4 42 62" 5 3 O'Connor... 1 8-5 6-6 3-5
1136 Rlxford 85 22 52 6 6 6 Ransch 20 100 100 20
Time— 14, :25; H. :48V. %. l:WL; mile. 1:42?4. Good start. Won easily. Second and third
drliing. Winner, J. J. Moran's ch. n. by imp. Bathampton-Crlsls.- Bathos splashed in by
himself. Owensboro supposed to be a mud horse. Specific ran into Gusto at stretch turn.
O'Connor pulling up. Scratched— Edgardo 100. .. . .
1400. FIFTH RACE — One and an eighth miles: three-year-olds and up; purse, 1400.
I Po. ~~ , Betting
Index Horse. Age, Weight. Pst St. M.. %. Str. Fin. Jockeys. Op. Hi. Cl. PL
1483 Essence. 3 93 2 6 11 12 14, 13/ Ransch 5-2 4 .4 6-5
1466 Torsida, 5 94 11 3&41 31 23 Fauntleroy. . 10 20 ' 15 " - 6
(1475) Topmaat, a .105 3 4 6 6 <U JU O'Connor... 2 5-2 6-2 4-5
1467 Castake. 5 85 5 2 2 3 23 2% 45 Stuart 2 7-2 5-2 ¦ 4-5
1449 The Bobby, 3 96 4 3 43 32 53 6 2 Domlnick .. 4 5 5 .8-5
1461 Sunello. 3 85 6 5 5 1 616 6 J. Daly 10 10 1Q ' 4
Time— %. :1S: %. :38; %. l:02 l /i; %. 1:29; m. 1:43: l%nvl:65%. Good start. Won easily. Second
and third driving. Winner, Burns & Waterhouse's b. g." . by imt>. Topgallant- Extract.
Ransch likes to ride in front and Essence fancied the mud. Torsida weakly , ridden. Top
mast humped at first turn. Castake ran away in the morning. Bobby stale. ¦ Scratched—
Lena 94. » -,y --'-'---'
1401. SIXTH RACE— One mile; three-year-olds and up; purse, $350.
_ _ _ _ _ Betting m>
Index Horse, Age. Weight. Pst St. U- H- 8tr. Fin. Jockeys. . Op. . HI. CL PL
(1454) Ordnung, 4 ......109 37 4 H 1 V4 13 1 1 J.. Miller.... 3 .3 3 1
1465 Herculean. 3 ....103 3 6^62 8H21 2 3E. Ross 4 4 13-6 4-5
1479 McXamara, 3 ....100 5 5 7 7 • 6 1 3ns Domlnick-.. • 9 t ¦ 2
1479 Dunblane. 3 ......103 4 2 3H 42 Hi- 4h ' Mounce 2 « 8 . 6-5
1359 Urchin, 3 100 1 1 21 52 63 65 Martin 20 30 30 10
(147») Lothian, 4 109 7 3 1H 2h'42 6 2 Ransch 4 10 g J
1469 lOllnthus. 4 109 6 4 66 68 7 7 |J. Woods.... 10 15 16 5
Tlmo—%, :25H: H. -Mi %. X:\%i mile. 1:43. Good start. Won easily. - Second and third driv
ing, winner, j. T. 8chorr*B ch. g. ,by Jim Gore or Order II-Hlghland , Lore. Ordnung had
moet speed. Herculean did his bMt. Lothian cut oS turning into stretch. Bcratched-Mac-
Gyl« K. Lost Girl ICi. "_.
Fifty-yard dash. Juveniles— G. OpOail, I*.
Wilkms P. Hanren, W. Hay, J. 8mith, U
'•o!lins, E. Maulan, W. Adams, W. Anna
cost F. Moody. E. Wlnfleld. w. Boyle. D.
Korwln. E. Lynch. P.* McCarthy. E.
Franks, J. Dixon, A. Springer. C. Dono
van. F. Burns. E. Wells, J. Erasmy, S.
Flnnigan and A. Martin.
Under-watcr swimming contest, tub race
• three prizes) and high diving for boys,
open to all. _
One-hundred-yard race, amateurs— P.
Ryan. J. Sullivan. O. Bchultz. O. Byefuss,
W. Dawsett. If. Seebach. H. Dougherty,
E. KJpp. F. Berry. G. Fre«th. D. Harris.
J. BeviM. G. Wallace. R. Riding. F. Crow
der, W. Cook, G. Kelber, C. Fredericks.
L. Boudin. J. Rlngrose, H. Dodson and
H. LHeken.
Trick and fancy springboard diving— D.
McCarthy. S. Grueman, J. Collins, P Ra
pan. F. Clouch, F. Ralston. A. Bunberg,
J. Dollar, E. Winfield. F. Paine. C.
Harnes, A. Carroll, M. Carmody, L. Han-
Ion, T. Thompson. W. Stockton, P. Levin
H. Seebach. D. McCann, T. Mcklllop and
C Flcr-Jgan. HBRBbM
Following are tbe entries for the ewlm
triing races at Sutro Baths to-morrow aft
ernoon:
Swimming Races.
A promising elj?n of enthusiasm prevail
ing among the dog fanciers is the forma
tion at the late Oakland show of the Pa
cific Cocker Club. Thirteen members sign
ed the roll as follows: A. Edwards, W*. C.
Ralston. Mrs. "W. C. Ralston. E. C. Plume,
H. A. Wegener, J. H. Dorian, Miss F. J.
Hatje, C. G. Dodge, A. Roland, Thomas
Browne. Philip C. Meyer, Dr. K. O. Steers
ard Percy Ward. The following officers
were elected: President. W. C. Ralston;
vice-president, «VL Edwards: secretary
treapurer, E. C. Plume; veterinary officer.
Dr K- O. Steers, V. G. The club adopted
the constitution of the California Collie
Club provlfiionaUy, with the Intention of
modifying the same at the next general
C. Meyer, the well-known St.
Bernard fancier, has been making some
extensive investments lately In cocker
Fpaniels and has Joined the newly formed
Pacific Cocker Club. Among others, he
has bought Le Paloma. and a couple of
puppies by Havoc.
ECHOES FROM
KENNELS AND
THE BENCHES
First Race— Kenilworth. Articulate. Eldred.
Fecond Race — Gibraltar, Grafter, Rlnaldo.
Th'.rd Race— Alee, Our Lizzie, Mocorito.
Fourth Race— Dr. Bernays, Wax. Malay.
Fifth Race— Necklace. Jerld. Sybaria.
Etxth Raoa— Hermoso, Lcnnep, Asian.
Probable Winners.
Eixth Race — Seven furlongs; three-year-olds
•nd up; purse:
1*71 Lennep 1C5I 1465 Grand Eachem.105
14C7 Vohlcer 103| 1448 Pomplno 105
I4CS Asian 103 1478 Flush of Gold. 100
2446 Herznoao 108
Fifth Race— S!x furlong*; three-year-olds and
np; sellln*:
C27?)St- Wood 10S: 1400 Will Fay 100
1301 Alaska lOS! 1437 Sybarle 105
14S1 Isaline 105] 1437 Mike Rlc* 105
14S1 Necklace ...... .103' 1467 Mitten 100
1473 Decoy 100, 607 Jerid 108
1471 Oood Hope —..1051
Fourth R*ee— One and a sixteenth miles;
three-year -oles and up; Euriingam© Belling
etake :
a«73)Dr. B«m»r» 101 14S1 Lothian ...._.. 85
I45S Pat Morris6ey..l03 1487 El Mldo ....... 96
1478 Wax 102 <133S)Morinel ........ 59
J4S5 Horton f'S 1288 Alturaa 105
14&8 Haviland 98 14S7 ¦Wyoming .. 95
14S4 Malay 85 1491 Herculean 89
Third Race— Six furlongs; thrw-year-olds and
up: selling:
1*64 Novla 105' 14S4 Ale« 105
4?1 R. <J1 Baneiaos.lOSJ 14*S Mocortto 105
1475 Prestidigitator 100 1491 Urchin 100
14TS Monrovia 103 1446 Clarando 105
3471 Dunboy 1C5 14S6 The Singer 100
24i4 Our Urzie 111! 1454 High Hoe 105
F^ermS R«« — Futurity course; two-year-old»
B.ni up; r-urse:
3471 Fioir.el II ....114 1456 Gibraltar 122
12S4 Litmus 86 1437 RlnaJdo 119
14£4 Grafter *6 14S1 Homage - S6
HS1 Anjou 117 i
The fast filly May Gertrude., owned by
James Nealon, died at Oakland track
early yesterday morning of a congestive
chill. The daughter of El Bio Rey was a
sprinter of rare promise, as 'was evi
denced last Saturday, when she showed a
clean pair of heels to Gold Or and Gibral
tar.
The three years' lease of Ingleslde track
given by the Pacific Coast Jockey Club to
the San Francisco Jockey Club was re
corded yesterday. The lease— for three
years — rUtes from December 31, 1900. and
tinder its conditions the new turf organi
zation is to keep the buildings and grounds
in rood condition and repair.
Mike Bergen, the ex-jockey. Is a patient
at the City and County Hospital. Dissi
pation brought about his illness.
It was a preat da v for the "Jays" a.t
Oakland, J. R.irsch. J. Daly. J. Woods, J.
Martin and J. Miller winning all the races.
Following' are to-day's entries:
first Race — Five and a. half furlongs; two
yenr-clds: purse:
1T.3 AJzura. 105: 1446 Kenilworth ....118
: n OouFin Carrie.. 105! 14SS Rollick 110
UU A.nlculale 118| Eldred 110
Track Notes.
When the stcrm had calmed down, the
remains of six worn and battered favor
ite? lay strewn about the track at Oak
land yostcrday. For the majority of the
crowd it was "black Friday." and the
books that did not take too much of the
Hathos money offered laid up something:
The track was of course sloppy from the
terrific showers of rain, scrambling form
and tigures about promiscuously.
The Alontajia contingent made a coup
over the win of the San Jose handicap, at.
a. mile, by Bathos. Allotted SO pounds, the
three-year-old had his price hammered
down from 12 to 5, and won by seventeen
splashes. Ilaviland floundered in second,
eight lengths before Owensboro, touted as
a modern Hindoo in the mud. O'Connor
on the favorite. Specific, ran Into Gusto
en the stretch turn, after .which he pulled
up.
Vantirie, from "Walter Jennings' stable,
was Installed favorite for the opening:
sprint. The nlly. with Mounce up, ran her
usually gooc race, but was no match for
Matt Hogan, which elongated gelding
beat the choice out three lengths. The
Singer, a well backed one, came from the
rear, securing show honors.
There was one horse the slushy going
did suit, and that was Imperious. The
Burn* handicap winner has not been dis
playing much form of late, which caused
his odds in the speculating on the second
event to reach 6 to 1. Away tifth, Johnny
i Woods went to the front before half the
route had been traversed, leadine out
Flamero three lenpths. "Wyoming and
Leonard, the choices, both finished beyond
the money.
Frank Weir's brown colt. Flatterer, took
the six furlong dash for two-year-olds, de
cided tinder selling conditions, with 12 to
1 against his name in the ring. Johnny
Daly, who had the leg up. was first away,
and ridden cut the last hundred yards,
downeo Tenny Belle a length. O'Connor
did not foiiow instructions with the favor
ite. Selde. ending up in third place.
Burns and Waterhouse took the mile and
a furlong selling run with Essence, against
which 4 to 1 was laid. Ranch made a
front run of it. and at the wire the weakly
ridden Torrida fell short about three
lengths. Topmast and Castake fought it
out for third and fourth place respec
tl\*ely.
After opening favorite and receding in
the betting to threes, Ordnung, piloted by
J. Miller, also made an all the way affair
of the final mile run. Herculean, the fa
vorite, tried hard to get up in the run
home, but the Schorr horse held tiie big
chestnut sale.
By F. E. MULHOLLAND
Bathos Romps in for the
San Jose Handicap.
Flatterer at
12 to 1.
CHOICES ALL,
MEET DEFEAT
AT OAKLAND
BOXING, TENNIS, FOX-HUNTING * SPORTS
Miss Harriet -.Florence = Barton ; gave a
most successful • dramatic i recital In Sher
man-Clay Hall last ; night. .The i hall ; was
filled and the audience gave evidence of
keen appreciation of the programme. Miss
Barton recited-VThe Window Curtain "-a
monologue adapted by Felix; J. • Morris
"Her Only. Appearance,"', and,- with Georsrp
Hammersmith, rendered . "The First
Kiss,"/ a' sprightly^ one-act -comedy. - Oth
er numbers on ' the programme were : spe
cialties by " George Hammersmith ; bary
ton© > solo • by_ Oscar - S. ¦ Frank ; • selections
by .Thomas. W; Hlckey, and a soprano solo
by Mlaa- Millie- Fly nn>- , •
Miss Harriet Barton's Recital.
. The Iroquois Club held Its annual elec
tlonjast night at' Pythian Caatle and the
following i were elected to fill the chairs
for the ensuing year: William, Cannon,
president; Joseph B. Keenan, first vice
president; Joseph C. Gorman, second vice
president; E. R. Zlon. , recordln? secre
tary; A. D. Pratt, financial secretary; H
L. ¦:. Bienenfeld, : corresponding .-. secretary
and P. J. Thomas, treasurer. The follow
ing- Board of Trustees was chosen* P :
Boland," W. J. Bryan, ; D. Gilbert r>extor"
Charles Gildea, L. V. Merle, Louis-Metz
ger,, Ellis Powell. , After the election of
officers Max Popper told of his exper
iences on his trip to Mexico. '
Iroquois ; Club Elects . Officers.
CHICAGO, Dec. 14.— Mayor Carter Har
rison has undertaken .' a; personal inves
tigation to ascertain whether • or not the
McGovern-GanS contest last night was a
"fake." He declared to-day that If the
facts satisfied him that either or both
the participants arranged to "quit" he
will never Issue another license to box-
Ing promoters.
May Stop Prizefighting.
Handicap. 'one mile— Monk Wayman won Ida
Bedford second. Frangible third. Time l:47Vi
Seven furlongs, selling:— Scrivener won Mc-
Cushlaj second,. Mitt Boykln third. Time 1-35
Six furlongs, selling— Belle of Orleans won,
Orion second, Jim Gore II third. Time. 1:20.
NEW ORLEANS, Dec. 14.— Weather
fine, track heavy and lumpy. Summaries:
Selling, one mile— Dan Cupid won. Judge Ma
gee second, Uhlers third. Time, 1 :60%.
Six furlorwrsr— Sunrol won, St. Bluff second
Fleetwlng third. Time, l:20*i. '
Mile and an. eighth, selling— Ben Chance won.
Silver Ooln second. False I Lead third Time
2:C4. -¦¦ ' fflafflagWBWwHf^llTiiWiRBi
Besults at New Orleans.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
1118 Broadway, Dec. 14.
Word was received to-night from New
York that the Columbia College Football,
team would come to this coast In time
for a Christmas Day game with the Uni
versity of California, They will play the
University of California two games dur
ing the holidays, one at San Francisco on
Christmas,, and one at Los Angeles on
New Year's.
The Columbia team has established a
reputation this season as one of the best
in the East. It was the only team able
to ecore on. Yale, and nearly defeated the
champions,' the score at the end of the
lira t half standing 5—0 in Columbia's ra
vor. Negotiations had been on for games
between Stanford and Columbia, but they
were dropped.
Every man of the California team is
anxious for both contests, and have so in
formed the football manager. Individual
opinions were asked of the members of
the team and a hearty response in favor
of the games was given.
Members of the Team 1 All in
Favor of Games With
Easterners.
CALIFORNIA WILL
PLAY COLUMBIA
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, DECEMBER 15, 1900.
Now Calls Her a "Pug-Nosed" Soubrette, Although She Has Tele
grams to Prove He Made Love to Her by Wire.
WHY JEFFRIES SHIES AT
DASHING DOROTHY DREW
5
THE EMPORIUM. I THIS EMPOKTUUL
California's Largest, \
America's Grandest 1
Holiday Store. I
.. • - *
The largest and most complete stock of Christmas gifts in the West — «t ; 'x
Department Store prices. .' An incomparable Toy Store, a 300,000 vol- J
urns Book Department, Jewelry, Silverware, Pictures, Cut Glassware, j{
Bric-a-Brac, Art Goods,^Leather Goods, European Novelties, Oriental {E
Goods, Cigars, Pipes, etc., etc., Wearing Apparel. Anything! Every- §
thing for Holiday purposes^ — all under one roof. 5
If it rains, this is the, ideal shopping place. Yon pass from the car under 1 5
great awning into a store -where -you can shop, lunch, telephone, twle- 5
graph, send postoffice money orders, rest in luxurious parlors, and enjoy 3
many other conveniences. Between 1 500 and 2000 helpers now — and J*
op:n every evening. V* V J*
CALIFORNIA'S LARGEST-AMERICA'S GRANDEST STORE j
"THE NEW WEST"
MAGNIFICENTLY ILLUSTRATED IN
CHRISTMAS WASP.
.¦ 4 — __ -L , .],
The Philippines. China, Alaska. Hawaii
and ths entire Pacific Coast are drawn
upon to furnish illustrations for this unri-
valed edition. -
This annual numier ; of the Wasp has
never been equaled ia ths attractiveness of
its cover and ths number and interest of
the engravings.
SEND IT TO YOUR FRIENDS.
NOW ON SALE AT ALL NEWS ' STANDS.
PRICE 25 CENTS. :
Your boy
Would Appreciate Nothing
v. ;-vl.V,«' So Much as a
CLEVELAND
BICYCLE
$35.00.
It Is Fitted With a
MORROW COASTER BRAKE at
—&4O.OO--
JUVEN1LE BICYCLES — $20, $22.50, $25.
LEAVITT & BILL,
3O9 Lorkin Street . . . SAN FRANCISCO.
20 San Pablo Avenue OAKLAND.
57 Scuth Second Street .... SAN JOSE.
i
t Cured While
You Sleep
In Fifteen Days
"Grmn-SolreufdlMOlTes Stricture like snow be-
neath tbe sun. reduces Enlarged Prostate and
strengthens tbe Seminal Ducts, stopping Drains and
Emissions In Fifteen Days.
No drags to ruin the stomach, but a direct local
and posture application to toe entl re nrethral tract.
Gran-SolTent Is not a liquid. It Is prepared la
tbe form of Crayons or Pencils, smooth andnexlb!*
tad so narrow as to pass the closest eitrictnra.
Every Man Should Know Himself.
The Si. Jam«s Assn., Box 89L. Cincinnati. Oh bat
prepared at «rea» expense an exhaust- r PI P T I
fro Illustrated Treatise i apon tbe male LULL.!
system, whtcn »b*» will send to any f f\ T r '
nmle applicant, * . ¦ •¦•¦•»¦
St. James Assn.. 2SO Elm St.. Cincinnati. O.
PILES CURED
Or we will pay any one $25 who cannot bo
with one box of Verus Pile Cure. Price
$2.00. Over 10.000 cured. No failure.
"I had Protruding PIlea many years.
Tried every remedy I heard of and had
them cut out twice. I despaired of a
cure until I tried Verus Pile Cure. I
was never so surprised In my life to> find
myself cured before using half a box. It
Is Indeed wonderf ul.
"E. P. WEIDNER.
"1178 Fifth St.. Des Moines. Iowa."
VERUS PILE CURE CO., Be 226, WflSGa'OlOCi
Or the old and reliable Ellington Drus
Company. Agents, Fourth and Spring
streets. Los Angeles. CaL . .
IPS' E2H saiv \fc. Ja 9 Irak sH
U B 3 h R§5 d Eg B I Ik9
B « rSI [Hi |"1 )*§ A~^a
M CMICMECTXtrS CNQUtH
P EHNYROYAl PILLS
B -4TTV Original and O««ty tt-jmlna.
£M &-~M. "' CUICHK-STEIL'S KXGIjHJB
B^i^tirV^v I* UTO tad Cold suUUle t»xe« M*Ie4
*fcy —»%» 4 *tt* Um ribbon. Take** other. Bcflu*
-R* tftt Wi Pangeroas ft«b*tn»tioa« cad ln.lt*.
I / T (tf tlo«»- Bay *t j«r DraggiM. or m a 1 4«w la
Wf Jf RsaiM Mr PsrtlmUr*. TratlnaaUIa
V'p*. tp "4 "Rpllef for Lo^lca." •m.uam-. by re.
-\ v fr tmraMaU. l«»,0*)OT-.um««;»i*. Sold by
Kaattoathlsysptr. ila41— *q«arc VUlLJt*. y£
DR. CROSSMAN'S
SPECIFIC MIXTURE
For the .Care of Gonorrhoea. Gleots,
Strictures and analogous complaints
, of ths Orfians of Generation.
Prtc« $1 a bottle. For sale by druggist*.
NEW WESTERN HOTEL,
KEARXT AND WASHINGTON STS.— RE-
modeled and renovated. KINO. WARD A
CO. European plan- Rooms. 30e to SI 50 day:
$5 to JS week; $8 to $20 month. Free oaths: hot
and cold water every room; flre grates in every
room; elevator runs all night.
Wjel Cf $l.OQBerYearCount that day lost whose low descenditiR sun
Views' from -.thy hand no worthy action done
Were written by Jacob Bobart and are to
be found in David Kreig's album in the
British Museum.
BOOKS— Isabella, West Point. Cal. The
books that. describe the trees of California
are "Botany of California." In':' two' large
volumes of the Geological Survey: '""West
American Oaks", and "Lemmon's Western
Cone Bearing Trees.". There are no books
specially devoted to the shrubs or gTasses
of California. IBttHBB
¦- MAGAZINES— N. N. and Old Subscrl
ber, CKy. 'H you desire-to know the cir
culation of. the magazines named in your
respective communications go to the ref
erence = room i of : the^Free; Public . Library
and .' consult ;' Rowell's : Newspaper Direc
tory. " ¦ This' department -cannot r advertise
the business end of such periodicals.
i«ra*«OTi 1 nil 1 11 > 1 11 ilian ii«m in 1 — ¦
one who ever heard of "Allen Hall, an
American Journalist, now dead." who at
one time was forced to spend fifty -hours
on the Seal Rocks."
INCENSE CEDAR— Isabella, "West
Point.. Cal.i The two specimens sent 'are
from two trees of the same, species, the
Librocedrus decurrens, commonly called
the Incense cedar. The yollow specks on
one of the specimens are the male flowers.
It ia a California cedar.
' NO WORTHY ACTION DONE-Isa
bella. Wect Point. Cal. The lines
ALLEN HALL-T. I. O., City. This de
partment has not been "able to find any
BRENTON REEF AND CAPE MAY—
The Brenton Reef, cup and the Cape May
cup were won by the Idler. The first July
26, 1S76, and the latter September 4, 1897.
BALD"\HN HOTEL-T. B. F., City. The
fire that destroyed the Baldwin Hotel" In
San Francisco occurred on the morning
of the 23d of November. 1S98.
ANSWERS TO CORRESPONDENTS.
fore a valuable contribution to the discussions of each
campaign, and, moreover, it serves admirably as a
chapter in municipal history.
It would be worth while for some municipality in
California to try the plan and see if it works as well
here as in the city of its invention. Salem is a small
town, but it is to be remembered that sometimes the
tmallest places can' teach wisdom to the largest cities.
those who deserve defeat. The annual report is there-
|V I OW that the members of the League of Califor
1 V nia Municipalities have been inspired by their
, convention to the undertaking of new efforts
for improvement in municipal government, we recom
mend to their consideration a plan which has been
tested for some years in Salem, Mass., and which, ac
cording to all reports,- has proven efficient in pro
moting good government.
The plan is simple. There has been organized in
Salem a "Municipal Record Association," for the
purpose, as stated in e recent report, "of keeping a
record of the doings of the city government during
the year, in order that such a record may be placed
before the citizens of Salem previous to the municipal
election, that they may form some idea as to the po
sition of their representatives on ¦ important matters."
It will be seen that such a report, made up by an as
sociation that is at once non-partisan, impartial and
public spirited, serves a very useful purpose in en
lightening the voters concerning the issues before
them at each municipal election. The public mind
dees not possess a good memory. It does not at elec
tion times recall the whole municipal work of the
year, and consequently is incapable of deciding rightly
between officers who have merited re-election and
A HINT FOR THE LEAGUE.
son is at the Ebbltt. and A. T. Street Is at
the St. James— all from San Francisco.
WASHINGTON, Dec. 14.— Leopold Mi
chaels Is at the Arlington; R. W. Thomp-
CALIFORNIANS IN WASHINGTON
The United States, very naturally, was. not invited
to take part in the Madrid congress. Nevertheless,
our interests in Spanish-America are great and are
increasing with the years. ¦Consequently .such in
fluence as our Government can exert throughout that
continent will qndoubtedly be thrown on the side of
In such a situation there is ample room for the ex
ercise* of "compulsory "arbitration" if there be any
power that can exercise (t. The plan itself is cer
tainly a good one. In fact, if such a concert of South
American states could be made effective it might 'lead
up to the establishment of the United States of South
America and give to the people of that continent an
opportunityjto develop in trade, and industry far be
yond anything, that now appears possible. '
From such reports as come to us it appears all these
great expectations .were disappointed. The number of
delegates from Central and' South America was much
smaller than was looked for. Hardly anything that
will affect the commerce or the politics of the world
was attained, and the only notable scheme adopted
was one looking toward the establishment of. a sys
tem of "compulsory arbitration" between Latin coun
tries whose disputes are likely to result in war.
If this scheme of the Madrifl congress have any
more vigor than the plans for peace agreed upon by
the nations at The Hague, the time has come to show
it. South America is badly in need of that kind of ar
bitration at this juncture. In the first place, there is
strife on the part of Chile against both Bolivia and
Peru, which threatens to result in immediate war,
and Brazil and Argentina have a boundary dispute
that may bring about a disturbance of the peace at
any time. Furthermore, Venezuela, Colombia and
all the other states are arming as fast as they can and
are seemingly getting ready for a fight at the first op
portunity.
ARBITRATION IN SOUTH AMERICfJ.
DESPITE the predictions of great things to fol
low which preceded the meeting of the Inter
national Congress at Madrid, it appears
hardly anything was accomplished. • The congress, it
will be remembered, was given many names, such as
Spanish-American Congress, Ibero-American Con
gress, Pan-Latin Congress. It was expected to ar
range a reciprocity of trade between the Latin na
tions of Europe and Latin America, and in some
quarters it was described as an effort to ally all the
Latin peoples of the Old and the New World in a
combination to resist the aggressions of the Anglo-
Saxons.
To rebuild wasted tissue and fortify the sys
tem against the sudden changes of. fall anrl win
ter, doctors recommend DR. SIEGERT3 An
gostura Bitters."
Despondent Fair One^ — Do you know,
dear, I'm afraid I must be getting very
old!
Consolingr Friend— Nonsense, darling!
Whv do you think so?
Despondent Fair One— Because people
are beginning to tell me how very young
I am looking.— Punch.
An ex-soldier who went through the storm and
stress of the Cuban war in the maze of insanity has
been restored to his senses and reason in Oakland.
Perhaps the shock of an extraordinary experience
turned the trick.
HAT FOR A GIRLL
The three cornered hat represented Is of
black felt trimmed with black feathers.
The crown Is hidden by a chlffonnce of
black satin and the brim bordered with
gold braid. Beneath the brim, on the iett
side. Is a satin rosette.
Ladies and children traveling without ««cort
appreciate the advantage of a solid vestlbuled
train like "The Overland Limited." rannln?
through from San Francisco to Chicago, with
out change. IN LESS THAN THREE DAT?.
Leaving San Francisco dally at 19 a, m.. v!a
Central Pacific. Union Pacific and Chicago ar.J
Northwestern railways.
For All Time to Come.
It Is the Route To-I>ay, and Will Bj
IT WAS THE ROUTE IN 49!
WASHINGTON CITY has celebrated. the ceh-.
tennial of the establishment there of the seat
of government of the United - States with
proper dignity and ceremonial. The city is well
adapted to festivals of this or any other kind. The
streets are broad and well paved, the architecture is
stately, there is little business or traffic to be sus
pended or interrupted, and there is at this season of
the year a large population having plenty of leisure
for holidays. With such advantages to start with. Jt
was a foregone conclusion that the centennial cele
bration would be brilliant, and it appears that all ex
pectations were realized. ,
With all its splendor, however, Washington is po
litically and commercially more isolated than any
other capital or large city in the world. So far from
having a dominating influence in the politics of ths
country, such as is possessed by London, Paris, Ber
lin, Vienna and Rome in their respective countries,
Washington has in the politics of the United States
no influence at all. It has not even^a vote. It does
not so much as possess local self-government. It
presents the curious paradox of a capital of a repub
lic of universal suffrage, administered by a bureau
cratic government,. in the selection of whose officers
the people have no vote nor voice.
Senator Depew, after a year of residence at the
capital,,is reported to have stated that the experience
had convinced him Washington is the pleasantest city
hi the world for a rich man to live in. "It has," he is
quoted as saying, "all the things that rich men de
sire without any of the noises or disturbances of| trade."
Such praise appears to be well deserved. The capital
is one of which the nation may be proud, and in point
of beauty and magnificence it ranks with the fore
rnJbst capitals of the world.
A generation ago there was a considerable agita
tion in favor, of removing the national seat of gov
ernment farther west. That movement was largely
due to the disagreeable condition of Washington it
self as well as to its location. The sewers were bad,
the streets were ill paved/ the Potomac flats were un
healthy, and there were no good hotels. Air those de
fects have been remedied. Boss Shepard, whdfle ex
travagance in public improvement was once the sub
ject of universal condemnation, is now remembe-ed
as a public benefactor of the; first class> The money
he expended has proven to be an investment of the
most profitable character. By making the city health
ful and beautiful he made it attractive as a place of
residence, and now a considerable number of wealthy
Americans have their winter homes there.
"Washington is becoming more and 'more the social
as well as the political capital of the country. Great
; educational institutions are establishing themselves
there, and the city may yet become the literary ' ami
I educational center of the ; republic. Certainly the
prospects are good. .There is no longer any talk of
removing the seat of government to (^hicago or Sk
Louis, and Washington begins the new century of her
existence with an assured .prestige which is more
likely to : increase than to diminish with- the growth
of the republic."* : - - ; . .1 "--;,
THE WASHINGTON CENTENNIAL.
Binks— A good deal depends upon your
luck in whist.
"Waggles — Yes: but your luck also de
pends on a good deal.— Tit-Bits.
Special Information supplied* daily to
business houses and public men by tfcj
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's). 510 Mont
gomery st. Telephone Main 1042. •
The Board of Supervisors is composed of men truly
good. They intend to make it a misdemeanor for any
one to have "knock-out drops" in his possession.
Law-abiding citizens should be careful, therefore,
with whom they drink.
Townsend's California glace fruits, 5rtc a
pound. In fire-etched boxes cr Jap. bas
kets. A nice present for Eastern friendx
639 Market street. Palace Hotel building.*
Time to express Townsend'a California
glace fruits to your Eastern friends. •
Townsend's famous broken and plain
mixed candy. 2 lbs. 23c. 639 Market street. •
Thousands of pounds of California glace
fruits all ready for shipping. Townsend'9*
White poplar wood boxes for etching or
Oil painting. 10c up. Townsend's. •
French candles in fire-etched boxes at
Townsend's. *
California glace cherries at Townsend'*. •
PERSONAL MENTION.
T. E. Gibbon, vice president of the San
Pedro, Los Angeles and Salt Lake Rail
road', arrived . at the Palace yesterday.
Mr. Gibbon says that actual construction
on the new road' will be commenced with
in, sixty days. The company will have the
benefit ot the maps and data obtained by
the Union Pacific, which had three sur
veys made between the two cities some
years ago. . Some of the rails for the new
road have already been ordered and cpn
tracts for considerable equipment win be
let soon. , •
Mrs. C. M. Jewell, Rev. G. R. Davis,
Miss Alice Perrell, Miss Grace Newton
and Miss Rishter, missionaries from Pe
king, China, arrived in this city yester
day and are at the Occidental. They are
on their way east and may return to
China again after needed rest.
K. Mazoukl, a Japanese Buddhist. 13
registered at the Palace. He conies here
to take charge of the mission at 807 Polk
street, releasing T. Sanode, 1 who goes tc
Germany to report upon the establishment
of a mission in that country.
Captain Hanson of the ship Lucile is at
the Russ. His vessel sailed early yester
day morning, but was forced to return
to port on account of the storm.
• William Berthe, a prominent Paris
banker, who is touring the United States
with his family, arrived at the Califor
nia yesterday.
Mr. and Mrs. W. S. Sharp of Salt Lake
City are at the Occidental. Mr. Sharp Is
the owner of a large mine In the Rocky
Mountains.
W. A. Blssell of the Santa Fe system re
turned yesterday from his tour of inspec
tion through the southern part of the
State.
J. J. Byrne, general passenger agent of
the Santa Fe at Los Angeles, is in the
city for a few days.
Albert Bettens, manager of the Byron
Hot Springs resort, is registered at tin
Palace.
Dr. Hill Hastings of the United States
Marine Corps service is at. the Occidental.
J It. H. Parker. Netherlands Consul at
Shanghai, Is at the Palace.
B. C. Brooks, a Guatemala coffee
planter, is registered at the Russ.
E. Stein, secretary of the Russian lega
tion at Seoul, Korea, is at the Palace.
Alden Anderson of Suisun is at the
Grand. I
G. E. Kennedy, a Livermore iron man,
is at the Grand.
Milton McWhorter, a Bakersfleld oil
man, is at the Grand. ;•¦•¦.'?
Ex. strong hoarhound candy. Townsend's*
FASHION HINT PROM PARIS.
Choice candles. Townsend's.Palace Hotel.*
Our members of Congress will be asked to secure
the reservation of all unsold timber lands in the State,
to increase the efficiency of the forest patrol and to
promote a national policy of scientific forestry on
the timber reserves. This forest policy is of the
greatest importance. The present policy of permit
ting the unchecked growth of underscrub and the ac
cumulation of duff on the forest floor means the final
destruction of the public forests by fift. Theoretical
foresters have put too much weight upon the lasting
preservation of the fortst floor, as the duff and herb
age are called. An undue accumulation not only pre
vents the seeds of conifers from germinating, but it
spreads fire, from lightning or any other cause.
When each season's stock of duff has performed its
office, as a preventive of evaporation and in retard
ing the flow of water to enable it to sink into the soil,
it should be removed, so that it will neither prevent
seeds from reaching the soil nor serve as a tinder to
spread fires in the dry season.
The officers of the association deserve the thanks
of the State for their excellent work, and it is to be
hoped that the Legislature will give friendly consid
eration to their suggestions.
The otticers and executive committee have been
very active, and the result of their work is a member
ship of 5000, the collection of $18,080 80, and the ex
penditure of $1 5,-244 09. The expenditure has been
for the measurement of the run-off of streams, and
the capacity of their watersheds for filling reservoirs
with storm waters to be saved for irrigation. The
investigation equips the State with certain knowledge
of the amount of water that may be impounded from
the watersheds that have been examined, and of the
cost per acre and per acre 'foot of the impounded
water. The seven reservoir sites thus far selected will
hold 644.624 acre feet, and the cost will be $8 03 per
acre foot, or $5,182,333. It is believed that this
amount of water used in irrigation will produce an
increase in population of the territory covered by
the reservoirs of 200,000 people, and an increase in
land values, exclusive of town property, of $20,000,000.
It is the purpose of the association to ask the Legis
lature to invite a Federal expenditure of $30,000 in
this work by pledging a like sum from the State.
* 1 -HE public will be gratified by the, report of the
work of the Waters and Forests Association.
* Its organization was effected about a year ago.
Its purpose is to, collect the scientific data upon which
the policy of preserving the forests, for their relation
to the moisture required by irrigation, is based.
THE FORESTS AND WATERS.
P=ri< HERE is a new book agent in St.
I Louis, according to the Star of
I that town. The arrival of a book
JJL agent is not generally a news fea
ture, bin this Is.
You probably don't know she is In town,
and you won't until too late, unless you
read this. Only one of the species as yet
has been discovered, but her success has
been so g*eat that there will probably be
Others. The one in question is at present
at work in the far West End, and her
success has been considerable. It is well
known that the average book agent finds
it a difficulty to Invade the average resi
dence with her badge of servitude dis
played. A book or anything like a book
has sufficed to prevent entrance through
well-posted servants. , .•.¦-¦:-
This woman in question has changed all
this. She appears at your door neatly
dressed in the latest fashion, .neatly
gloved, with the latest hat and such/ a
general get-up that if you don't know her
you feel sorry for your ignorance. With
cardcase in hand and clad In fashion she
presents her card and is shown in. Not a
suggestion about her tells of her trade.
• The woman who has succeeded In break-
Ing Into houses which are supposed to be
book agent proof all over the West End
carries a publication with which the name
of United' States Supreme Judge David J.
Brewer Is given. She carries three books
In this receptacle, showing three different
bindings in which the book Is sold at
prices ranging from $20 to $50. How she
manages to "locomote" with this lncum
brance hanging about her Is her own se
cret, but those who have watched her
walk away from the house declare that
she is as graceful In stride as If she were
not carrying as least six pounds of litera
ture, hung in a way that ought sadly to
interfere with her gait.
After she has scaled the -walls In this
fashion and has passed some of the little
compliments of the day to the mlstres3
of the house, who doe3 not know her by
her calling- card, and. maybe, wonders
how she could have forgotten such a de
lightful party, the girl proceeds to deftly
lift her skirt, and there reveals to you,
hanging apparently fA>m a strap whfch
Is hitched around the wast, a leather
case which holds the books which she" is
selling:.
Such, then, is expert testimony concerning the
richness of the region whose industries are threat
ened and injured by the, scandals caused by the ac
tions of the Federal court at Nome. Public interest,
therefore, as well as public justice, demands a prompt
investigation by Congress of the charges that have
been made 'against the Judge and his receiver.
Alaska promises to be richer than the Canadian
Klondike, but if dishonesty prevail among the officers
of the lau/on the American side of the line while sub
stantial honesty is found on the Canadian side, even
the onerous mining laws of the Dominion will not
prevent the Klondike becoming the most progressive
part of the northern gold country, and Dawson, in
stead of an American city, will be its metropolis. The
present session is short and Congress will be busy, but
none the less it should find time to investigate these
charges and punish any one foun,d guilty. American
law must be made a sure protection to honest industry
wherever the.flag flies.
Dr. Cabell Whitehead, who left the office of chief
assayer of the United States Mint in Washington to
go to Nome, and was commissioned to make a re
port on the gold prospects of the region to the Di
rector of the Mint, is quoted by a correspondent of
the New York Sun is having said recently: "I have
had four months and a half in which to examine this
subject to my own satisfaction, and I have come to
the conclusion that the mining region of the Seward
Peninsula, which includes all of Western Alaska north
of Norton Sound, contains the richest placer deposits
of gold of any that have been discovered since the
days of '49 in California. After having made this
positive statement I may qualify it to the extent that
the Klondike region may possibly exceed this region
in output of precious. metals during the next decade,
burl do not believe it will." .
There is nothing so fatal to any community as cor
ruption in the courts or even a widespread suspicion
of such corruption. Courts are the. protectors' of men
in thdr rights of person and property, and where that
protection is not given or is sold for a price, then all
forms of business and enterprise become so hazardous
that progress and development are summarily 'ar
rested.
The region around Nome is rich in gold, and it is
desirable it should be thoroughly exploited and de
veloped. That cannot be done so long as the foun
tain of justice in the community is poisoned. No in
dustry can be successfully carried on where the in
dustrious and rightful owner of a piece of property
is liable to be robbed of his profits by either fraud j
or violence.
REPRESENTATIVE BRICK of 'Indiana has in
troduced, into the House a resolution calling
for the appointment of a committee of five to
investigate the scandals that have gathered around the
Federal court at Nome. .The resolution has been re
ferred to the Committee on Rules, and it is to be
hoped prompt action will be taken upon it.
THE NOME SCANDALS.
SATURDAY DECEMBER 15, 1900
JOHN D. SPRECKELS, Proprietor. '
Address All Communication* to W. S. LEAKE, Manager.
Pl'DLICATlOX OFFICE. . .Market/nd Third. S. K.
Telephone Press 2O1.
EDITORIAL noOMS 217 to 221 Steren.en St.
Telephone Preas 2O2.
Delivered by Carriers. 15 Cent* Per Week.
Single Ople«, 5 Cents.
Term* l»y Mall, Including: Postages .
£>An/r CALL (including; Sunday). on« year M.M
DAILY CALL <lncludln« Sunday). * month*.........— ...... J.OO
DAIL.T CALXi (Including Sunday). » month* 1.63
DAILT CALL-By Elntfe Month **
6V>"DAY CALL, Oce Tear • ••— *•&•
TVEEKLT CALL, One Tear '••• *¦<*
< All poiimuten are a»tfcorl»ed to receive - •
subscriptions. .
Sample copies will be forwerded when reqaetted.
Mall subscribers In ordertnc cbanr* of address ebo'Dld t*
particular to cive both NEW AND OLD ADDRESS In order
to Insure a prompt and correct compliance with thel .' request.
OAKLAND OFFICE 1118 Broadway
C. GEORGE KROGXESS,
Maneger Foreign Advertising. Mirquette -Building, Chicago.
(Locr Distance Telephone "Central 2619.")
NEW TORK CORRESPONDENT:
C. C. CARLTOX Herald Square
NEW TORK REPRESENTATIVE:
BTEPHEK B. SMITH 8O Tribune Bolldlns
NEW TORK NEWS STANDS:
Waldorf •Astoria. Hotel; A. Brfntano, U Usloa Square:
Momy T*" 1 BotaL ¦ - .' .-*
CHICAGO NEWS STANDS:
Ehens&n House; P. O. Newa Co.: Great Northern Hotel*.
J recoct House; Audit ortom Hotel.
WASHHOTOX <D. OHJFFICK. . . .14O6 G St., IV. W.
MORTON E. Clt.WE, Correspondent.
BRANCH OFFICES— M7 Montgomery, corner of Clay, open
until »:X0 o'clock. 100 Hayea, open until >:30 o'clock.' 631
McAllister, cpen until I:SO o'clock. 615 Larkln. open until
».*: o'clock. 1SU Ulnlon, open until 10 o'clock. 1261 Mariff-t,
comer Sixteenth, open until t o'clock. 1096 Valencia, open'
until » o'clock. 10« Eleventh, open until » o'clock. NW. cor
ner Twerty-eecond asd Kentucky, open until 9 o'clock.
A notorious local private detective who has been
accused of impersonating an officer has made unwit
tingly what appears tc be a convincing denial. He
jays he has been charged with attempting the impos
sible.
Only One of Her Kind in Existence, but She Is a James
Dandy at the Business.
NEW LADY BOOK AGENT
AND HER TAKING WAYS
It may be something more than a shrewd guess that
the enemies of the enterprise are the real authors of
this appeal to American patriotism and spirit of inde
pendence, and that those among whom the sentiment
is propagated are the dupes of a deep design to defer
the work as long as possible and cripple it when fin
ished, so that its competition with land transportation
may be minimized.
If we go on in the line chosen by the Senate we
must fortify and garrison the canal as fast as we
build it. It becomes then a military and strategic
outpost, instead of a neutral highway for commerce.
It is as if we undertook to build an American fort,
and garrison -it,- in every seaport in the world. As th,e
work, executed under such circumstances, is a covert
declaration of war against the world, the people
should~go into it with their eyes open. Fortification
will duplicate the cost of the work, and equipping
and garrisoning the fortifications will be added to the
expense of administration, so that those who look to
it as a means of economy in transportation will be
disappointed.
by the decision to nationalize the construction of the
canal. If the work were done through an interme
diate corporation, in which our Government appeared
only as a majority stockholder, there would be no dis
cord due to international interest in the matter. The
Suez canal was built, and had been for some time
operated, before Disraeli made his brilliant coup in
the purchase of a majority of its stock for Great
Britain. There ,1s a great difference between the ap
pearance of a nation in such an enterprise as a stock
holder, or a sovereignty. Since the dissolution of the
Maritime Canal Company, which first undertook the
Nicaragua project, the proposition that this""country
shall appear as a sovereignty and not a stockholder
has replaced all others. The decision is practically
made that this Government is to. build and- own and
operate the canal, as a sovereignty. Therefore, we
disregard the views and plans of all other nations, ex
cept Great Britain. In her case we are incumbered
bj- the Clayton-Bulwer treaty. That convention is an
tagonistic to our present views about the canal. To
reconcile it the Hay-Pauncefo'te treaty was made. But
by this amendment its object is defeated. There is
much ground for apprehension that the views of the
Senate may indefinitely delay the beginning of the
work. Mr. Blaine Is quoted to the effect that we
made the Clayton-Bulwer treaty when we were weak
enough to need its guarantee of neutrality, but now
being strong enough to disregard such guarantee we
should abrogate that treaty without consulting the
wishes of the other party to the contract. It is not
to the discredit of the administration that it v has pre
ferred to represent this to be a covenant keeping na
tion, that will abide ">y its international contracts un
til they are changed by mutual consent.
It will be seen that the issue Is materially affected
It will be seen that this amendment permits the
United States to declare the canal open only to ship?
under the American flag, if deemed for the best inter
ests of this country, which would be easy to prove. If
the work were all within Our territory, under our
jurisdictibn, we could do as we please about its con
struction and control. But it lies within two alien
sovereignties, and all maritime nations have an inter
est in a work, executed by a third sovereignty, which
promises such momentous changes in the world's
commerce.
Heretofore, when ihe canal was projected by an
American corporation, there was no intention to make
if other than a neutral waterway, open* for the peace
ful commerce of the world. : '
This amendment not only changes the entire pur
pose and aspect of the treaty of which it is made a
part,. but practically abrogates the Clayton-Bulwer
treaty.
THE Senate proved to be in an amending mood
when it reached the Hay-Pauncefote treaty.
By an affirmative 1 vote of 65 the 'amendment
which changes the whole intent of the "treaty was
adopted. That' amendment reads: "Nothing in this
treaty shall be construed to prevent the United States
from acquiring sufficient security and sovereignty,
to prevent it from building, operating, maintaining,
controlling and defending the said canal, \>r for any
other purpose that the United States may deem for its
best interest.".
THE AMENDED TREATY.
Our Northern friends have a mistaken
notion about what the Southern people
call "negro rule." We are not «frald that
the negroes are going to rule over us.
We are not afraid that the inferior race
will dominate the superior race. But when
a number of white politicians organize th<*
negro voters and bring them Into our local
politics and capture some of the offices,
pandemonium rules t od the Southern peo
ple do not want pam-fmonium, but peace.
—RICHMOND TIMKS.
Railroads to Blame.
The fact is that railro? 'caches are al
wavs either too hot or l~.» cold in winter,
and that the very worst colds are- con ;
tract»<l In them. There Is a vast-deal ot
catarrh iff the United States, and It Is not
unlikelv that the railroads are responsible
for it. 'They are certainly responsible for
thousands and thousands of had colda
everv year, at any rate, and the time has
fullv arrived to determine whether the re
sponsibility i* IP^^t-pIpr
CHARLESTON NEWS AND COLRIER.
Beat Back Materialism.
All the great spiritual Influences, rellsr
fon literature.morality and statesmanship,
should join hands to resist and beat
back the wave of a luxurious materialism
that threatens to engulf us. And we re
gard it as fortunate that Bishop Potter
addressed his remarks to a ohurch organ
ization, for the church musf be roused ra
the great responsibility, that Indeed, rest.*
on us all. but that presses with peculiar
force on that, organization that was put .la
the world for the purpose of saving ir.a
world.-IN'DIANAPOLIS NEWS.
Away -With Billboards.
The best way for the theaters to avoid
protests against objectionable billboard
posters is to do away with the billboards
altogether. In Boston theater manager?
have an agreement amoncr themselves bv
which all their advertiMmr la confined to
legitimate newspapers, which is found to
produce the best results, because the peo
ple look to the newspapers for th*«?e an
nouncements and rely upon their crltt
cisms for Information as to- the character
of the entertainments. The money waste!
in billboard advertising in Omaha could Da
put into newspaper space to the advan
tage of the theaters.— OMAHA BEE.
Keep Politics Out.
Within the pnst few years there have
been held In different States of the South
an unusually large number of trade con
ventions of one sort or another, all o.
them having in view the general object o(
developing that section of the country ana*
directing attention to the unusual oppor-'
tunitifs it offers for the Investment of
capital. Some of these conventions have
been well attended, have discussed th^
subjects on broad and practical lines and
have had no little influence In bringing
about the ends desired. Others havo de
veloped a too partisan political tender.ry,
and have done little good— in some cases
harm— to the cause of the South. Just *s
soon as politics is allowed to enter th*»
door of such a convention business Is suro
to fly out of the window.— BALTIMORE
AMERICAN.
Should Be Encouraged.
The* emigration of the Boers from South
Africa to tras country should be encour
aged. ' Those of them who are disgusted
and disheartened with their treatment can
find homes In this country if they care to
come.-PHIL.\DELPHIA PRESS.
South Wants Peace.
EDITORIAL
UTTERANCE
IN VARIETY
peace. Of course we would not take any part in any
"compulsory" methods of arbitration, but Aye wou'd
certainly 'sympathize with- any well directed efforts
that might be made among the greater states of
South America to keep the peace and leave the ener
gies of their people free for progress and improve
ment in all the arts of industry and' trade.
THE SKN FRANCISCO CALL,, SATURDAY, DECEMBER 15, 19OO.
6
EDITJONTN fl/HERiCA.
Count Andrew Bernstaff, the Court Chaplain to Emowe* wnn.«. t
has written an article on "Christmas in the Fatherland^^nd coX£
trom such a high source it cannot fail to be of the greatest interest t5
our readers. Madame Sophia Bompiani gives a paper of sinSlafcW
acter on "Christmas Day in Borne" that i 3 equally food Snf
going into further detaih To tell all about ou*r SS.S^SS
be to give the edition itself, for not an inch of room^ll^w^t^ ftt
™ t0 H*f f U if ed *"? ° f 8plendid articles ' stories «* m«t«JiSr with
this brief glimpse into the good things to come— and Vearine in mind
also the date of their appearance, December 16, 1900-ya^can eS£
understand that this is to be the greatest <™~Y™ can easily
WtUU BS THS PiNSST
There will also ba stories for the Children as well as for the mwn
uns— good, wholesome and bright articles written expresslv to caT.TC
tfieir fancy. The Illustrating has been done bv The Call'*. n-m-nT , ,
staff of artists-and it is a Recognized fact that The Sail £? g£?
ment is unequaled It is sufficient to mention that such name, asMeth-
f essrf, Dixon, Cahill, Warren, Bradshaw. Kelly, Bronstrut) TiorWrf^lo
Borein and Kohrand will appear a S signatured on oS'al^S2S
drawings of subjects especially selected for suitable Christmas SluSS!
tion. The comic side will not be neglected, for Geotfre W Peck L
in the swim with the funniest story of the Bad Boy's ChTstowjX «n
the, Grass Widow that was ever told, to say nothing bf some fuifnLt
comics that are simply side-splitting. C « you wonder Ten tXll
feel safe in prophesying that of all the Christmas papers publishid this
TH£. CHRISTMAS CAU
This year's Christmas edition of The Call -will be a gem. It is
safe to predict that it will surpass the effort of any other paper in the
United States. The matter has been selected with the greatest care for
its literary excellence and only the best work of well-known authors has
been accepted to fill the fiction portion of this mammoth edition. There
will be plenty of interesting matter, besides good shcrt stories but Ju3t
listen to a few of the names of our contributors. In the tst place, ther*
is Pauline Bradford Mackie, whose book, "A Georgian Actress," was
justly considered by the critics to be one of the books of the season. She
writes a charming love story of the early pilgrim days. Justin McCar-
thy gives an interesting Christmas sketch entitled "His Ideal Christ-
mas." General Charles King has written his best short stor'v
in "A Shot in Time." John fttrange "Winter is there with a notable con-
tribution, to say nothing of such well-known people as Marion Harland
Edith Sessions Tupper and Jessie Juliet Knox. This is only a small norl
tion of what will be in * """i,P or
DO NOT FORSET THAT
California Jockey Club. Oakland Racetrack— Races to-day,
AMUSEMENTS.
Alhambra— "A Hot Old Time." '
Callfoni:a-"A Bell Boy."
Orpheusn — Vaudeville. '"¦'¦ • . ..
Grand Opera-house — "Man's Enemey."
Alcjixar— "Madame Butterfly."
Columbia— "Th« Sinfln* GlrL" _
Tlvoli— "A Jolly Musketeer."
Olympla. corner May on and Eddy street*— Specialties.
Chutes. Zoo and Theater— Vaudeville every afternoon and
•venlnr.
Flfeher 1 e-Vaudevllle.A CARICATURE OP CHARLES
DICKENS BT ANX>KE GILL.
For a Cold in the Head.
Laxative Bromo-Qulnine Tablets. •
LATE SHIPPING rNTEIXIGEWCE.
SAILED.
Friday, December 14.
Stmr Alex Duncan. Guthrie. Santa Crux.
¦'. DOMESTIC . PORTS. .
EUREKA- Sailed Dec 14— Stmr Paaadeoa, for
San Pedro; stmrs Iaqua and Eureka, for San
Francisco. " - -'•' ¦
PORT LOS ANGELES— Arrived Dec 14— Stmr
Alex Duncan, -hence Dec .11.
Sailed Dec , 14— Stmr . Lakms, for Saa PVan
<d GRA.Y.B HARBOR^-Arrlrod Dec 14-Stmr Oo
ronado, beno* Deo 11; itmr Gr&ca Dollar, fconcj
Deo Ur - -yi
Platonic love Is a dinner at which, noth-
Ing but §oup la served, •-•- *- ~
Begerow Jury Locked TTp.
SAN JOSE. Dec. 14.— The Jury In the
case of Fred Begerow, charged with the
murder of Joseph Cech at Agricultural
Park last. June, was charged this after
noon, and at 10 o'clock, having failed to
agree, was locked up for. the night.
Oregon: Additional— William Wiles
Achland, $8. Increase— William J. Drum
hiller. Phoenix. $10. Original widows-
Nancy J. Case, Halnes, $8.
Washington: Original— Herbert P. Cur
tis, Garfleld, $6. '
Representatives Metcalf and Kahn,
representing the California delegation, to
day urged the Ways and Means Commit
tee to take off the tax on bottled wine.
Their appeal was unsuccessful, the com
mittee not 6eeing its way clear to com
ply: with their request. The delegation
will not press the matter on the floor of
the House, but will bring It to the atten
tion of the Finance Committee of the
Senate and urge action in that body.
Pacific Coast pensions have been grant
ed as follows:
California: Original— Joseph M. Fulton,
Soldiers' Home, Los Angeles, $8. Restora
tion and increase — Francis N. Marcen,
dead. Los Angeles, $17. Original widows-
Mary J. Buxsdell. Los Angeles, $S; Mary
C. Parr, Sycamore, $8; Elsie V. Marcen,
Los Angeles, .$8; Sarah E. Parkhurst
Vina, $8. War with Spain— Original— Fer
dinand - Ruppel, - San Francisco, ; $36.
"Widows — Bernard Cassidy, father, San
Frencisco, $12. ¦*
Representative Waters Introduced a bill
authorizing the Navajos and Moqul In
dians to lease mineral lands within their
reservations on a royalty basis.
California: Fruitvale Fullerton, salary
postmaster $1100; North Ontario, Sanger,
Taylor, $1000.
Washington: Wenatchee, $1000.
Postmasters appointed— California— J. E.
Mitchell, Dunlap, Fresno County, vice S.
E. .Wilson, resigned, Samuel
Kunz, Bethany, Washington County, vice
Ulrich Gerber, resigned.
The • following fourth-class postofflces
will become third-class January 1:
Postmasters commissioned-r-Californla —
Enanuel E. Metzger, Berryessa. Oregon
— M. Luetta Cawood, / Laurence. Wash
ington—George A. Poland, Carrollton.
WASHINGTON, Dec. 14.— Postofflce es
tablished — Washington — Hot Springs,
King County. Previous order discontinu
ing rescinded.*
Appointed and Commissioned.
Postofflces Established, Postmasters
INTERESTS 'I'MH COAST.
The fisherman's wealth depends on his
net profits.
But Dickens Is always kindly and ge
nial, i Even his satire has the outer re
semblance of good humor. He would con
demn tha American habit of spitting:
I was surprised to observe that even steady
old chewexs of rre&t tzperience were cot $j^
ply an exhibition of mere clownish antics
and that his pathos Is nothing but mawk
ish sentimentality; on the other hand ara
those, and they are ty no means few.
who place him side by side with Cervan
tes and Balzac and Shakespeare. The
truth doubtless . lies between these ex
tremes.
That Dickens wrote from a full knowl
edge of the life he depicts no one denied,
and that he was kindly and sympathetic
almost to an extreme appears everywhere
in his writings, but it Is also true that he
distorted and exaggerated his scenes un
til at times they are positively grotesque
and that he allowed his feelings to carry
him to such lensrths that sometimes ha
came dangerously near to mawkish senti
mentality. All of Dickens' characters are
exaggerated to some degree.. Take for ex
ample Quip, who
Ate bard «ggrs, shell and all, devoured gigan
tic prawns with the heads and tails on, chewed
tobacco and watercress at the. same tima.
drank boiling tea without winking, bit his fork
and spoon till they bent again • • • <tll!>
the women were nearly frightened out of their
wits and began to doubt If be were really &
human creature.
He seems to have been In many respects
a descendant of Ben Jonson, Both ex
celled in comic characterization ; both
were quick to seize upon some single gro
tesque phase of character or personal ap
pearance, some trait or trick, and to mag
nify it until all else was lost sight of.
Uriah Heap is always " 'umble": Poor
Joe is always "a moving on": MIcawber
is always "waiting for something to turn
up." Each has his trademark and we
never lose sight of it.
Dickens had little real wit. Such exag
gerations as "Mr. Pickwick proceeded to
put himself into his clothes and his
clothes into his portmanteau" are fun
rather than wit. He undoubtedly pos
sessed pathos, but. as Saintsbury declares,
"he could never be content with & moder
ate dose of it," and pathos overdone be
comes mere sentimentality.
The truth seems to be that Dickens
created a new world and peopled it with
beings which under exceptional circum
stances might be found in actual life. In
his world there are to be found only ex
aggerations and exceptions, but If we en
ter . it leaving behind us all recollection
of tho real world everything will become
natural and consistent. It Is simply ths
pitching of life In another key— to enjoy
it one must shut out tho real life about
him, else there will be discord; but when
once we have actually don© this there is
never a Jar to awaken us. The most
marvelous thing about Dickens' art was
its power to create an artificial world and
to manipulate it so that the illusion la
never broken. Admit this littlo world and
all else follows; Dickens becomes a trua
humorist.
The secret .of Dickens' artificiality lay
undoubtedly In his temperament. His
sensibilities were exceedingly responsive.
He was Celtic in disoosltion. mercurial,
demonstrative. This led him easily to ex
tremes; he exaggerated unconsciously and
magnified things that impressed him, He
knew London street life thoroughly and
he attempted to describe it truly, but be
fore he had finished his picture it had be
come a caricature. Ho doubtless had a
face In mind when he drew this sketch,
but note how he heightens a*d distorts
it:
He bad eye»— with no depth in th» 'color or
form and much too near toeether. as if they
were afraid of being: found out In something,
singly. If they kept too far apart. They had a
sinister expression, under an old cocked hat
like a three-cornered spittoon. •. • • . Ex
cest on the crown, which waa raraedly bald.
h« had stiff black hair standing Jatfredly all
over it and growing downhill almost to his
broad, blunt no«e. It was so like Smith's work,
so much more like the top of a strongly spiked
wall - than a head of hair, that the best of
players at leapfrog might have declined him as
the most dangerous man In the world to go
over.
SEATTLE, Dec. 14.— W. J. McConnell,
formerly Governor of , ' Idaho and . now
United States Indian Inspector, arrived In
the city to-day from a trip to the Tulalip,
Swinomish and Luraml Indian reserva
tions. He says that a great deal of the
timber lands on, the reservations are prac
tically valueless, having been denuded of
timber by former agents. Fishermen have
been encroaching upon the rights of the
Indians by erecting fish traps in front of
the reservations in defiance of the law.
An effort will be made to bring the mat
ter to the attention of the Federal author
ities.
Reservation Forests Denuded.
MONTEREY, Dec. 14.— The elective com
mittees of the various branches of the
Monterey volunteer fire department met
the members of the Board of Trustees at
their regular meeting for the purpose of
electing a chief of the department for the
coming year. W. E. Parker was re
elected by acclamation and A. Vldal and
L. A. Schaufele were appointed first and
second assistant chiefs, respectively. Chief
Parker has held his present offlce for sev
eral terms, and has t>y faithful work and
executive ability brought the Monterey
fire department up to a high degree of ex
cellence. ¦ .
Monterey's Fire Chief.
ACCUSED OF ROBBERY
AND ATTEMPTED MURDER
MARTS VILLE, Dec. 14.— C. B. Howser,
aged 28 years, and Lee Deck, aged 21, were
lodged In the County Jail in MarysvIIle
to-day on a charge of the robbery of
Bray's saloon at Wheatland on November
12 and an atttmpt to murder Night
Watchman Uhler, who discovered them
In the act of blowing open a small safe
they had taken from the saloon to a hop
field a half-mile distant. Deck shot the
officer twice and Howser then beat him
into insensibility on discovering he had
not been killed by the bullets. The pris
oners are sons of old residents of Tuba
County.
SEATTLE, Dec 14. — A project that has
been talked of by shipping men of Puget
Sound for the past ten years now seems
certain of fulfillment under a section of
the river and harbor appropriation bill In
Congress, which carries an appropriation
for the preliminary work on a system of
breakwaters to convert Neah Bay into a
harbor of refuge. It is estimated that the
breakwaters will cost about $2,000,000. The
project will be of immense value to the
shipping of the Sound on account of the
dangers to navigation in the vicinity of
Cape Flattery, and it has been favorably
reported upon by General Wilson, chief of
engineers, and Captain Harry Taylor, un
til recently In charge of the river and
harbor fortification work on the Sound,
Harbor Appropriation Bill
in Congress.
Text of a Provision in the River and
NEAH BAY TO BECOME
A HARBOR OF REFUGE
MONTEREY, Dec. 14.— The local Pyth
ians met last night to elect officers for the
ensuing term. Th© following named were
chosen: Chancellor commander, A. Lo
gan; vice chancellor. F. Schwartzenbeck;
prelate, H. R. Blckford; master of work,
A. "Westf all;. master of exchequer, IL W.
Patrick; master of finance, William Rleck;
keeper of records and seal, George D.
Clark; master at arms, A. Garrick: inner
guard, T. Prescott; outer guard, S. J. Lay
ton; trustee, S. J. Layton.
Court Monterey No. 643, Independent Or
der of Foresters, has just held Its annual
election of officers. Those chosen to direct
the affairs of the association are: T. Lee,
C. D., high chief ranger; Ernest A.
Scholze, past chief ranger; George Har
per, chief ranger: J. K. Oliver, vice chief
ranger; A. R. Underwood, recording sec
retary; W. B. Parker, financial secretary;
Charles D. Henry, treasurer; Rev. H. S.
Snodgrass, chaplain; Dr. A. M. Stafford,
physician; Harry Andrews, S. W.; R. Mil
ler, J. W.; N. B. Gonzales, S. B.; William
Kay, J. B.; Ernest A. Scholze and H. A.
Olmstead, trustees; A. M. Stafford and A.
Miller, ilnancial committee.
and Foresters.
Elections Held in Monterey Pythians
LODGES NAME OFFICERS.
Thackeray Is the last great figure
among the British humorists; he Is tho
only writer in the latter half century
worthy to stand with Shakespeare. Btsala.
Fielding, Goldsmith and Lamb as a hu
morist In the widest sens© of the wprtL
Between Dickens and Thackeray as hu
morists there can be no comparison.
Lowell, our sanest and most discerning;
critic, has summed the matter up briefly:
"Thackeray. In his more elaborate works.
always paints character, and Dickens sin
gle peculiarities. Thackeray's personages
are all men. those of Dickens personified
oddities. Tbe one Is an artist, the other
is a caricaturist."
Thackeray's true humor Is hard to quota
In small quantities. It pervades a whole
chapter, a whole book. It is often more
of an atmosphere that envelops a work
than anything tangible and material, but
it Is seldom absent. Tbe reader of his
novels, especially of "Pendennls" and
"Vanity Fair," cannot miss It.
Thackeray has followed faithfully his
own prescription for humor. "Th© hu
morous writer," he says, "besides appeal
ing to your sense of ridicule professes to
awaken and direct your love, your pity,
your kindness — your scorn for untruth,
pretension, imposture — your tenderness for
the weak, the poor, the oppressed, the un
happy. • • • He takes upon him to be
the weekday preacher, so to speak." He
has be«n called a cynic, and be was a
cynic, as Tslcoll observes, "If by the word
we mean on© who Is apt to look on Ufa
with a glance half sad. half humorous;
who Is prone to be distrustful of fine ap
pearance and professions: who sees keenly
the grains of dust mingled In the koH of
tbe finest character, and who is fully
aware of the latent meanness and selfish
ambition which often lurk under actions
professing to be nobla and generous."
The extravagazfee and broad comedy of
Thackeray's early work appear less and
less in his later writings. In his novels
he followed the footsteps of Fielding. He
wrote with "the ey© on the object" and ha
reproduced lif© with wonderful accuracy.
He had the rare power of znaJctncr his
characters alive; we seem to see them be
fore us almost In the flesh. He sympa
thizes with them, he laughs at their
weaknesses ' and foibles and holds up to
our ridicule their snobbishness and folly.
Tet be Is ever perfectly sane; he seldom
caricatures, he never ridicules life. His
humor la subtle and delicate; his pathos
is sincere and telling.
If ever our cousins, the Smlgmags, asked m«
to meet Lord Longears. I should like to take
an opportunity after dinner and say. la tha
most good natural way in the world: "Sir.
Fortune makes you a present of a number of
thousand pounds every year. The Ineffabla
wisdom of our ancestor has placed you as a
chief and hereditary legislator over me. Our
admirable constitution (the pride of Britons
and envy of surrounding nations) obliges m©
to receive you as my Senator, superior an4
guardian. Tour eldest son. Fits-Heehaw, Is
sure of a place in Parliament; your younger
eons, the De Brays, will kindly condescend to
be post captains and lieutenant colonels and
to represent us In foreiam courts. • • •
These prizes our admirable constitution (tho
pride and envy of, etc.) pronounce* to b* your
due; wltnont count of your dullness, your
vices, your aelflioneM or your entire Incapacity
and folly.
Away through light and darkness, storm
and sunshine; away by tower and town, high
road and hamlet. • • • Brav« horse! Gal
lant steed! Snorting child of Arabyt On went
the horse, over mountains, rivers, turnpikes,
apple-women, and never stopped until b«
reached a Uvery stable la Cologne, where his
master was accustomed to put him up.
His exuberant spirits play gayly abotrt
even such mighty subjects as "Tne> Sor
rows of Wei-ther**:
Werther had a lore for Charlotte
Such as words could never utter*
"Would you know how first he m*t her*
She was cutting; bread and butter.
Charlotte waa a married ladr,
And a mortal man was WerChesv - ' '
And for all the wealth of Indies
"Would do nothing for to hurt he*. '
Bo h« signed and pined and ogled.
And his pasalon boiled and bubbled.
Till he blew his silly brains out
And no mor* by It was troubled.
Charlotte havta* teen his body
Bora* before her on a shutter.
Like a well-conducted person
Went on cutting bread and batter.
The "Book of Snobs" Is a burlesque en
society. In it Thackeray for the first tlmo
voiced a note that was to dominate much
of his work. He detested shams and ©vary
form of Insincerity. "Call things by their
right names," he cried; "do not grloss over
the villainy of Lord Steyne because ho Is
a lord; do not condone George Osborne's
selfishness because he Is handsome; don't
pretend to be what you are not. and do
not let false shame make you conceal
what you are." The result was satire not
fierce and merciless like Swift's, but
human and kindly, like Steele's and Field
ing's. He was "th© gentlest of all English
satirists." yet he feared no one; he could
assail even the nobility, who are so wor
shiped by Englishmen:
rlodicals and wrote paragraphs and coral*
sketches. It was in Punch that h© first
published his "Snob Papers," "Jeanle's
Diary," "Punch's Prose Novelists." "Th©
Traveler in London" and many Ilk© pa
pers. In all of them wit and broad fun
run riot. HIb burlesques of the popular
novelists are full of broad comedy joined
to real criticism. He makes Ivanhex* mar
ry Rebecca and become th© ancestor of
an enormously rich Hebrew family. He
parodies th© dashing romantic styl» of
Scott:
Ix>rd O'ECagan.
LONDON, Dec 14,-Lord O'Hapan Is
dead, aged 22 years. -
BIRMINGHAM, Ala., Dec. .14.— General
Michael J. Bulger, a distinguished Confed
erate general and publlo man, died early
this morning at the home of his son, Sen
ator Thomas Bulger, at Dadeville, Ala.
General Bulger was the oldest Confeder
ate officer or veteran living, being 100
years of age. He was one of the few
surviving members of the famous seces
sion convention at Montgomery, In which
he led the fight against secession. When
defeated he offered his sword and was
given a commission in the Confederate
army.
General Michael J. Bulger.
GILROY, Dec, 14.— Two of Gllroy's na
tive sons were buried here to-day. Rldgely
V. Patton, a son of the late John Q. Pat
ton, died of Uver complaint, aged 29 years.
He leaves a wife and two small children.
The other death occurred in Oakland.
Augustus Baillaige, a son of School Trus
tee Baillaige, passed away suddenly after
a short Illness. He was 34 years old. De
ceased leaves a wife and one son.
Baillaig-e Pass Away.
Ridgely V. Patton and Augustus
TWO G1XBOY DEATHSw
At the 0. M. Lampson sales the British
Columbia coast skins brought 63 shillings
6 pence, while th© average prlc© brought
by skins taken by the pelagio sealers in
the Bering sea was 70 shillings 6
pence. At the Hudson Bay Company
sales the average price obtained for Brit
ish Columbia coast skins was sixty shill
ings, while the Bering sea furs were
sold for an average price of 66 shillings
6 pence. Several consignments of the
Bering sea skins were sold aa high as
7S shillings and one small lot went as high
as 80 shillings, or about $19 20 per skin.
Tho catch of two schooners which ar
rived late was hurried to the sales by ex
press train and shipped by passenger
steamer at express rates, but the skins
failed to arrive on time. These wer© th«
only skins unsold.
VICTORIA. Deo. 14.-Sealer» axe Jubi
lant over the results of th© eal© of seal
skins held to-day In London, advices cf
which have been received by them In
cable dispatches. In all more than 85,000
ekins taken on the British Columbian
c^ast and the Bering sea were offered
at th© annual midwinter sales and the
prices realized were somewhat higher
than those obtained last year.
Itondon.
and Bering Sea Disposed Of In
Furs From British. Columbia Coast
HIGH PRICES BEALIZED
AT ftTyAT-fi-KT-w SALES
As to the quality of Dickens' humor
there is room for honest difference of
opinion. Few other writers have ever
called forth such a. chorus of widely dif
fering criticism. On th<» one sld© ara
those who declare that his humor is sim-
This reaction came In full tide in 1538
with th© publication of "The Pickwick
Papers." In this novel. If It may be called
a novel. In "Oliver Twist" and subsequent
works Dickens professed to give a minute
study of London life, especially in those
humble circles which he knew so inti
mately. The result was phenomenal.
Dickens became in a moment the most
popular of all English writers, a title
which he has never for a moment lost,
and he was hailed as the greatest of all
English humorists save only Shakespeare.
Following these early realists, however,
had come the romancers who built an ar
tificial world and peopled It with Impossi
ble creatures leading imporslble lives.
There was not trua humor in the wild ro
mances of the last years of the eighteenth
century. Humor comes only from, clos©
contact with actual human life. The first
significant reaction came with Jane Aus
ten and her refined sketoheu of humbl©
life. Then came Sir Walter Scott, whoso
half-reali3tlc, half-romantlo creations
postponed the realistic revolt for nearly
a quarter of a century.
There are two worlds In Scotf s novels,
even as there are in Shakespeare's plays —
th© nobility and th© common people.
When the novelist treats of humble life he
does it realistically, with, bis eye upon
the object. His homely characters and
scenes are full of lifo and feeling; he
wrote of them as if he lovsd them and
he made their little lives Infinitely tender
and truly humorous. "In dry humor,"
says Hutton, "and in that higher humor
which skillfully blends th© ludicrous and
the pathetic so that It Is hardly possible
to separate between smiles and tears
Scott is a master," but it must not ba for
gotten that Scott, when ha was romancing,
when ho left the humble llttl© world ho
loved so well for the medieval castle and
royal court, was seldom a humorist. His
influence, on the whole, arrested rather
than advanced the realistic reaction which
was to bring th© novel back to ltfa and
true humor.
EL
¦ The wit and fun of th© present day ar©
voiced and recorded for th© greater part
by th© comic press— by periodicals like
Punch, and by the weekly newspapers,
nearly all of which have departments "In
lighter vein"; the humor of th© period Is
fcund most largely in thp novels and
tales, which are, perhaps, the chief liter
ary product of the era. Th© realistic
novel of manners, first discovered by
Richardson in the mid-eighteenth century,
had proved to be a most wonderful ve
hicle for the comic and the humorous. It
surpassed the drama of the Elizabethan
days and the periodical essay of Steel©
and Addlson, for it came very close indeed
to actual human life; it could draw man
and manners in the minutest details and
so manage that the reader -would seem to
be almost in the presence* of those of
whom he read. Fielding 1 , one of the
world's great humorists, had made use of
no other literary form, and Smollett and
Sterne and Goldsmith had don© with It
their most telling work.
With the name- of Dickens Is always
coupled that of his great contemporary.
Thackeray, yet no two writers could differ
more completely. They have hardly a
single point in common. Thackeray began
his career as a wit. He contributed hu
morous drawings to Punch aod other pe
+ *
And as to the ingeln— a nasty, wneesln*.
creaking", .gaspin*. puffin', bustln' monster, al
ways out o' breath, with a shiny gT«en and
gold back, like a unpleasant beetle in that *«re
gas maftniflcr— as to the ingein, as is always
a pourin' out red-hot coals at night and black
smoke in the day, the senslblest thing it does,
in my opinion, is. ven there's some thin' in tha
vay and It sets up that 'era frightful scream
vlch seems to say, "Now, here's two hundred
and forty passengers in ths wery greatest ex
tremity of danger, and here's their two hun
dred and forty screams in Tun."
This Is pure fun, and. accordt&sr to
Saintsbury, "Nothing that he has written
is of unalloyed excellence except that
fun."
Then again not» Mr. Weller** criticism
of railroads. There Is room only for hl»
treatment of the engine:
ways good marksmen, which has rather In
clined me to doubt that general proficiency
with the rlSe of which we hava heart! »o much
in England. Several gentlemen called . upon
me, who, In the course of conversation, fre
quently missed the spittoon at five paces; and
one (but he was certainly short-sighted) mis
took the closed sash for an open window at
three. On another occasion, when I dined out
and was sitting with two ladles and iom«
gentlemen company round a fire before dinner,
one of the company fell short of the flreplaca
six distinct times. ~; ;.-„."
WINTERS, Dec 14. — The retrospect ¦ of
the season's output of dried fruits in this
district is encouraging. The speedy and
profitable disposal of the crop -has been a
source of satisfaction also to producers
and packers as well as to tho Inevitable
contingent of commission merchants and
middlemen. Prunes, which have become
a veritable drug ,on the market, offer the
only exception.
Though Winters has lone been the cen
ter of a considerable fruit producing belt,
the last few years \ have been an era of
awakening on the part of business enter
prises, and men have begun to see the im
portance of being the custodians of their
own Industries. For five years th» Win
ters Dried Fruit Company has been an
Incorporated Institution operated for the
public interest as well aa for the interest
of the stockholder. The gradual improve
ment of Its warehouse and facilities for '
handling the frultB each year evidences
the practicability of the dried fruit busi
ness as a local industry.
Following is a table taken from a type
written report supplied by Manager F.
W. Wilson of the Winters Dried Fruit
Company, giving the exact amount of
dried fruit shipped from Winters this sea
son:
XMe4 apricots .......M......M...1.XS1.6S8 pounds
Dried peaches 770,039 "
Pried flea ..~ 181,441 "
Dried pears 41,259 "
IMed prunes .......-., ........... 96,140 "
Dried nectarine* „ 778 "
Almonds 151,164 "
Total 2,441,913
This total of 2.441,916 pounds, or almost
1300 tons, was handled mostly by this
packing company, and shipped almost ex
clusively in neatly packed packages of
twenty-flve and fifty pounds each. Mr.
Wilson says that three times as much
fruit has beer exported from Winters this
season as ever before in her annals as a
dried fruit center.
During 1 July alone 14,300 packages of
choice and fancy dried apricots were sent
from Winters direct to. France. Holland,
Germany and England. Below is a state
ment of the exports for July:
800 packages dried apricots, 24,800 pounds,
Havre.
1200 packages dried apricots, 37,200 pounds,
Bremen.
1250 packages dried apricots. S2.ES0 pounds,
Hamburg:.
pack&xts ¦ dried apricots, ' 25,200 pounds,
London.
1300 packages dried apricots, 38,400 pounds,
Havre.
900 packages dried apricots, 27,900 pounds,
Havr*.
1000 packages dried apricots, 81,000 pounds,
Rotterdam.
1050 packages dried apricots, 84,550 pounds,
Rotterdam.
901 packages dried apricots, 27,935 pounds,
Rotterdam
1000 packages dried apricots, 25,000 pounds,
Hamburg.
In August seven more cars of apricots
were exported, with 4200 packages. Dur
ing the same month two > carloads of
peaches were exported to France. The
peach output this year was comparatively
light, but the quality in general has been
excellent and previous to the present date
they have commanded a good marke. The
lifelessness of the industry at present,
however, offers little inducement for mov
ing a considerable amount of fruit on
hand.
Mr. Wilson's estimate of fruit on hand
Is:
Dried prunes • 700,000 pounds
Dried apricots 37,500 "
Dried peaches ; 115,000 "
Dried figs ......150,000 "
A new departure in the industry is the
utilization of the kernel of apricot pita
for chemical purposes. - The Winters
company shipped over 2000 sacks of whole
pits this year, though liltle attention was
given to them in the early part of the
season, they not being recognized as a
valuable part of the apricot crop.
This amount, however, is small, as com
pared with the amount handled by J. C.
Campbell of this place.
Prunes at present form the bulk of fruit
on hand. About 350 tons are held at this
place In the Winters Dried Fruit Com
pany's warehouse by the California
Cured Fruit Association., pending sale and
removal. These prunes have been graded
and inspected according to the associa
tion contract. The larger part of them
run from 80-90 to 90-100 and 120. A good
portion, however, run all the way from
50-60 to 70-80.
The dividend declared on the prune
sales for October netted the local mem
bers of the association a reasonable price
for their prunes and demonstrated the
fact that the association benefits the
snjall producer as well as the large one.
Special Dispatch to Ths Call.
Owners of Prune Orchards Receive an
Encouraging Dividend on the
Sales for October.
HANDLE THEIR -OWN PRODUCT
Growers ol Winters District
Find a Market in
Europe.
SENDING DRIED
FRUIT ACROSS
THE ATLANTIC
Steamboat Springs was the most noted
resort in Nevada. When the Comstock
lodo was at Its best Steamboat Springs
was the favorite stopping place of the
bonanza kings, and many a mining deal
that startled the world was consum
mated there.
RENO. Nev.. Deo. 14.— Steamboat
Springs ere as dry as the lime rock
formation that abounds in that vicinity.
Immediately after the recent earthquake
the water in the principal springs grad
ually receded. For tho past few days a
crew of men has been engaged in blasting
and drilling. In an endeavor to make the
springs resume their wonted activity, but
¦o far without success.
Bpadal Dispatch to The Call.
the West Put Out of Business by
a Prank of Nature.
One of the Noted Health Resorts in
EARTHQUAKE STOPS THE FLOW
Steamboat Springs, in Ne
vada, Are No Longer
in Action.
WATERS SUBSIDE
AFTER A HEAVY
TEMBLOR SICK
THE HUMOR OF THE LATER NOVEL
Copyright, 10OO,
by Seymour Eaton.
HUMOR OP ENGLISH AND AMERICAN LITBRATURB
SAN JOSE. Dec. 14.^A sad case of
criminal degeneracy was witnessed In
Judge Lorlgan's court to-day when Noah
Wasielewski, alias "Nogee" Wasielewski.
stood up for sentence on tbe charge of
passing eaws and files into tho County
Jail for the purpose of aiding in a break
of prisoners. The prisoner, who is but 24
years of age, has been for the past ten
years In almost constant trouble- with the
police. When a babe in arms ho wit
nessed his mother's murder at the hands
of his father, and when the crime was
discovered the child | was crawling about
tbe floor in its mother's blood. For this
murder, which was a most brutal one,
his father, Juan Wasielewski, paid the
penalty upon the gallows. In the early
'80's the boy's parents lived at Lo« Gatos.
Jealousy on tho part of the husband led
him to kill his wife. He stabbed her
thirteen times. Wasielewski escaped ar
rest for several years, but was finally ap
prehended in New Mexico. He was
brought back here and executed.
The boy has been knocked about from
pillar to post and has" associated with
criminals of all classes. Although arrest
ed for felonies many times he has escaped
conviction, but has served several terms
in the County Jail. A couple of months
ago he completed a term there, and a few
days later called and passed a number of
saws and files Into the jail. Frank Wal
ters Eugene McCabe and William Brown,
confederates of Wasielewski. were con
fined there. A jail break had been planned
and with the tools supplied by Waslelew-
Bkl It was hoped to escape. When Sheriff
Langford" unearthed the plot one of the
bars of a window had been sawed through.
The sawB and files were found, and a con
fession of the prisoners connected Wasie
lewski with the crime.
A conviction followed Waslelewski's ar
reBt, and to-day he was sentenced to Ban
Quentin for a term of two years.
This was a tort of retribution day in
Judge Lorigan's court. George Hoffman,
who looted S. F. Lelb's residence, was
sentenced to five years in Folsom prison.
Ed Duckgeischel, his accomplice, who Is
17 years of age, was not sentenced, and
will probably be sent to the Whlttler Re
form School.
Herbert Brown, a boy of 17 years, who
with Ralph Heywood stole a wagonload
of furniture from a house near Campbell,
was sent to Whlttler. Heywood probably
will go to State prison.
Two years In San Quentin was given
Felix Vehrein for burglary.
8p«olal Dispatch to Ths Call.
Young Man Attempts to Bring About
a Jail Delivery, and Is Sen
tenced to San Quentin.
HIS FATHER A WIFE-MURDERER
Noah Wasielewski of fean
Jose Is a Criminal
Degenerate.
TENDENCY TO
EVIL HIS ONE
INHERITANCE
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, DECEMBER 15, 1900.
CARICATURE OF DICKENS
MADE IX 1370 BT T.TCgT.rw
WARD.
7
THE DAY'S DEAD
_ AT) V KRTISTywF.TTTft,
ABSQLUI^SECURITY.
Genuine CARTER'S LITTLE LIVER PILLS most
hear signature of /^L^^Z^,
?*>Y small u4 as easy
t» like, m o^Lffaxv
SEE frARfrtfQl F08HEACACHL SEIk
luAftl tKo FOR DI2HMES8. * L *
ACVTTTKn "R B1L5CUSHESS. rcWTTT vo
fiEMJIM fiivrb for torpid uver. GENUINE
i PI L t4* F0R C0MSTIPAT1QH.
WRAPPFtt ULLjSi for sallow skib. WPAPPFB
. OIUIUlAsl ituerMwcupMATvac
"j->K>TNi'i'nm OTT REID IP.AJFEIE1/
AMUSEMENTS. | AMUSEMEHTS.
I HOLIDAY JTOCK I
\ ARRIVED, li
eg Get a good Piano while li
Sr you're at- it— one that SJ
c£ will last a lifetime — one. ||
j& with a solid guarantee H
EL back of it — such as you I
&$ get with H
I KNABE 1
I PIANO... I
Jf A musical gift is -the M
Jr| most charming and last, fl
|~ ing present your money HI
W can buv. Its charms fig
2jt last a lifetime. II
& KOHLER & CHASE Is ||
|K headquarters for everything tl
BaF musical; over 50 years' ex- H
Vij perience enables us to guar- a
(K antee tbe best value for the ¦ !
<gfl money: let us tell you how ¦
£3 we make buying easy. 1
I KOHLER & CHASE, J
%jg En»be Agency Heidf Barters, SJ
§3 26-30 O'Faprell St., |[
S SANFRANCISCa gM
MATDfEE TO-DAT. BATTTRDAT. DEC. U.
Parquet. 2So: Balcony. ISc: Children. 10c, Any
Part Except Reserved.
GOOD GOODS in GOOD VAUDEVILLE
DAVTS AND MACAULEY, HAE-
MOirr four, spenseb. kelly,
ATTFBN AND PATRICK, PA-
TBICE AMD COMPANY, BOB-
EB.TTJS AND WELFBEDO. MAY
DE SOTJSA, PANTZEB TBIO,
GBEAT AMERICAN BIOGBAPH.
JCET TO PASS THE TIME ATT AT.
FOURTH AND LAST WEEK OF
THE JOLLY
MUSKETEER!
Evenings at S Mat!r.« Saturday at 2.
NEXT MONDAY NIGHT
THE GREAT HOLIDAY EXTRAVAGANZA.
"CINDERELLA "
A DELIGHT FOR TOUNG AND OLD.
POPCLAR PRICES— 25 cent* end £9 cer.ts.
Telephone Bush 9.
f*m IEU@IA sa» fexkciscits
uULU bv1Qi_8 £4 wma theatre
FARFWFTT matinee to-day,
ALICE NIELSEN
An« the ALICE ICIELEEX OPERA CO.
Direction cf Frank L. Perley.
Preseatlr.s Herbert. Smith and Etan«-e'« Opera,
"THE SINGING GIRL."
EeglM'.cr MOXDAT— One TVeeX Only.
FREDERICK WARDE
In Efpy Williams' Roa3&nt!c Comedy,
"THE DUKE'S JESTER."
"Good By** Performances Forever.
MATINEE TO-DAT— TO-XIGHT
THE P.AYS" HOWLING SUCCESS
"A HOT OLD TIME"
John TV. Jess as Larry Mooney.
TO-MORROW. 6UXDAT AFTERNOON,
THE BOSTON LYRIC OPERA COMPANY.
Presenting
••SAID r*J\StiJ\.'*
To-morrow J»ls:nt. Deo. IS "CARMEN"
Monday Night, Dee. 17 "CARMEN*"
Tuesday Nipht, Dec. 18 "SAID PASHA"
Wednesday Nigrht, Dec 19.. "IL TROVATORE"
Thursday N!pht. Dec. 20 "CARMEN"
Positively Farewell Appearances of COL-
LAMARINI. P.USSO and ALESSANDRONL
Evening. ISc, 25c, 35c, Me and 75c. Matinee.
—15c. 25c, SSc and EOe. SEATS NOW READY.
GRAND OPERA MOUSE
CROWDED ALL. THE TI1IE.
MATINEE TO-DAT AICD TO-MORROW.
ASSURED SUCCESS OF
THE OLIVER-LESLIE CO.
LAST TWO NIGHTS.
THE GREAT ENGLISH MELODRAMA.
MAN'S ENEMY!
NEXT MONDAY
"A. TALE OF TWO CITIES. "
Prices— 10c, ISc, 25c. COc. A Few Front Rowb
la Orchestra, 75c. Matinees— 10c, ISc, 2oc We
No Higher. Branch Ticket Offlce. Emporium.
—^— — _ — — __— — ___^^_^____
flfl. «^ BbJ ET £k T D S rLA »
M Jm&k m ¦ a *«•*». ¦ Sm ftniM w
MATINEE TO-DAY AND SUNDAY.
EVERT NIGHT, INCLUDING SUNDAT.
Th» Remarkable One-Act Play,
MADAME JAPANESE
l\\A\Jk\i\\\j TRAGEDY,
BUTTERFLY. !-«,
Preceded by Gilbert's Comedy.
"PYGMALION AND GALATEA."
NEXT WEEK-"A EERIOUS TANGLE" and
•MADAME BUTTERFLY."
CHUTES^™ ZOO
EVERT AFTERNOON AND EVENING.
SPECIAL TO-NIGHT :
Big Cakewalk !
INCLUDING
TICK CHUM and AH CHOT. champions of
Chinatown,
m
FRANK and MARY TAYLOR, champion* of
Darktown.
TeJepbont for Beats, Park 23.
RACING ! RACING ! RACING !
13C*-WINTEIl MEETING-190L
CALIFORNIA JOCKEY CLUB.
DEC. 3d to DEC ISth. INCLUSIVE.
OAKLAND RACETRACK.
I-.ac.r.jr Monday. Tuesday. Wednesday. Thurs-
day, Friday and Saturday. Rain or stlne.
Five or more races each day.
P.aceE start at 2:15 p. m. sharp.
Ferry-bcaxs leave San Francisco at 12 m. and
BdL 1. 1:30. 2. S:SO and 3 p. m.. coan«ctln*
»-lth trains stopping* at tbe entrance to tho
track. Last two cars en train reserved for
ladies tnd their escorts; no erocklnp. Buy your
ferry tickets to Shell Mound. All trains vl*
Oakland mole connect with San Pablo avenue
electric ears at Seventh and Broadway. Oak-
land. Also ail trains via Alameda mole con-
nect with £an Pablo avenue cars at' Fourteenth
and Broadway, Oakland. Theae electric cars
«o direct to tb« track In fifteen mlsutea.
Returning — Trains leave the track at 4:15 and .
»:*£ p. m. &ad immediately after the last rice.
Thomas h. Williams JR.. President.
Tl S. XILRQY, gecreury.
TO-DAY— TO-NIGHT,
utsT rrMr.fi oy
Pl BELL BOY!
COMMEKCXXO TO-MORROW AFTERNOON,
RETURN OF THE ALWATS POPXTT«AR
FAVORITE.
BEN HENDRICKS,
In tha Plajr Tbai. Mad* Him. Famous.
OLE OLSON!
Has I£&dt Mlllloaa Laura. Toa'rs Next.
FjcnHFR'S concert house.
rlDUniin O Admission 10;.
COGIL.L. AND COOPER'S COMEDIANS IN
"ALX, MIXED!" MIXED!"
A HOST OF SPECIALTIES AND MUSICAIi
ACTBl
Reserved ••ate, 25c. Matinees Sunday.
Dn 1 o nek These hotels pos-
1 Cllu.l'U ecss the attributes
¦m that tourists and
£IJ1Q travelers appreciate
-—central location.
rj-T»QYlfl Iibcral tnanajje-
vli dllvl rnent. modern ap-
TT . pointments and
HfllfilS perfect cuisine.
iiuieid £ mcrican and Eu _
Sen Francisco ropean p'ans.
STATEMENT
-^-of Tins —
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
OF
THE MERCHANTS'
INSURANCE COMPANY
OF NEWARK, IN THE STATE OF NEW
Jersey, on the Slet day of December, A. D.
1S40. and tor the year ending on that day, as
made to the Insurance Commissioner of the
State of California, pursuant to the provisions
of cectlons 610 and 611 of the Political Code,
condensed as per blank furnished by the Com-
mlseioner. ___^_
CAPITAL.
Amount of CapiUl Stock, paid up in
Cash '¦ I 400,000 00
ASSETS. —
Real Estate owned by Company $ 171,469 66
Loans on Bonds and Mortgages 376,150 00
Ca?h Market Value cf all Stocks and i
Bends owned by Company 798,800 00
Amount of I»ana secured by pledro
of Bonds, Stocks and other mar-
ketable securities as collateral.... 10.000 00
Cash in Comuany's Office 21.GS 1«
Cash in Banks 42,770 63
Irterest due and accrued on all
Stocks and Loans • 8,646 16
Interest <iue and accrued on Bonds
and Mortgages 8,420 12
Premiums in due course of collection 1CS.443 96
Rents due and accrued S29 33
Due rrom other Companies for Re-in-
surance on losses already paid E57 76
Total Assets n.C98.415 VI
LIABILITIES. ~— -
Losse* adjusted and unpaid f 41.094 48
Losses in process of Adjustment, or
«n Suspense 66.638 63
Losses resisted, including expenses.. 6,674 50
Gross premiums on Fire Rieka run-
nine: one year or less. $657,724 08;
re-insurance 60 per cent 328,867 04
Gross premiums on Fire Risks run-
ning more than one year, $795,636 21;
re-insurance pro rata 2SS.749 12
All other demands against Company 81,341 04
Tc-tal Liabilities \ 923,425 11
INCOME.
ICet cash actually received for Fire
premiums * 927,300 61
Received for Interest on Bonds and
Mortgages 19.768 O
Received for Interest and dividends
on Bonds, Stocks, Loans, and from
all other sources 3«,930 00
Received for Rents 7.133 73
Received from cli other sources 13. 625 82
Total Income $1,004,656 46
EXPENDITURES.
Xet amount paid for Fire Losses (In-
cluding $105,863 78, losses of pre-
vious years) $ 661, 826 68
Dividends to Stockholders 40,000 00
Paid or allowed for Commission or
Brokerage 178,03127
Paid for Salaries. F>»s and other
charges for officers, clerks, etc.... 171,241 17
Paid for State, National and Local
taxes 87,662 85
All other payments and expenditures 27,562 92
Total Expenditures Jl.117,224 29
Losses incurred during the rear I 678,328 89
Risks and Premiums. Flra Risks. Premiums.
Net amount of Risks
written during the
year tUl,416,6S7 $1,161,855 J4
Net amount of Risks
expired during tbe
year 115,339,664 1,212.573 07
Net amount In force
December 31. 1900 143.C3.697 1.453.270 29
G. LEE STOUT. Pres.
W. H. GUE21RIX, Sec
Subscribed and sworn to before me, this 20th
day of January, 1900.
R. 6. STEADMAN. '
Notary Public
PACIFIC 'DEPARTMENT,
420 CALIFORNIA STREET
SAW FRAXCISCO.
WILLARD 0. WAYMAN, Manager.
G. W. McNEAR, General Agent
Weekly CaU,$l,00 per Year ,of Customs Stackable has suspended Dep
uty Stratemeyer, chief of the outside
force of inspectors, for fifteen days with
out pay, for Insubordination and for using
language to Stackable "unbecoming a
gentleman." The row between the two
officers created a sensation in Honolulu,
where Stratemeyer has lived many years
and is very popular. Each party sends to
Washington by this mall. It is said, his
account of the affair.
Stratemeyer is said to have refused to
carry out an order of the Collector re
garding the espionage of an employe who
failed to report for duty. There was a
sharp discussion and the deputy is said
to have told the Collector, with strong
adjectives, that he ought to be ashamed
of himself to ask employes to spy upon
one another. Stackable declares that his
deputy used insulting language to him and
that his action In suspending the deputy
is necessary for the discipline of the of
fice. ¦ .
Has a Japanese Crew.
HONOLULU. T. H.. Dec 7.— The ship
Kennebec, Captain Lewis, left to-day for
the Bound with a Japanese crew. The
Sailors* Union, which still controls the
labor supply for vessels here, men being
very scarce, demanded $50 a man for the
trip, and the captain refused to pay such
a rate. Getting Japs was his only alter
native. .
Lively Bow On Between Chief of Hon
olulu Customs Service and! Sis
Subordinate.
HONOLULU. T. H., Dee. 7.-Collector
DEPUTX COU^ECTOB IS
SUSPENDED FROM DUTY
degree and accompanied Mozaffer-ed-din
on his recent visit to the capitals of
Kurope.
This is the first time that the general
has visited the United States, and he will
be the first representative sent by Persia
to "Washington in ten years. He la a man
of imposing presence, tall, athletic and
of rather handsome features." He Is 40,
unmarried and is fend of outdoor sports.
The principal business of his mission is
to establish, closer commercial relations
between Persia and the United States.
RIGID CHARGE
TO GRAND JURY
QEN'ERAL ISAAC KHAN MOF
AKHAMED DOVIET. the new
Persian Minister at Washington,
who requested President Mc-
Kinley to protect him from the
cartoonists of the United States, his
bc«>n for many years one of Persia's
most trusted diplomats. He represented
that' country for ten years at the court of
St. Petersburg, passed three years in
Egypt and one in Belgium/ He enjoys
the confidence of the Shah in the highest
Chicago Judge Declares
That Vice Must Be
Put Down.
CHICAGO, Dec. 14.— Rigid Investigation
of various departments of the municipal
government, especially the police depart
ment, waa demanded of the December
Grand Jury by Judge Gibbons to-day in
his final' Instructions to that body con
cerning their course in regard to the prev
alence of vice and crime in Chicago. Be
sides his reference to the alleged corrup
tion In the police department. Judge Glb
bons scored prlze-flghtlng, which he said
was plainly against the law. The recent
money loan scandal was also referred to.
The court traced much of the immorality
in Chicago to child labor and the employ
ment of girls and women in factories and
stores at email wages for long hours. The
charges are regarded as being the most
drastic ever given a Grand Jury in Cook
county.
The cases against Terry McGovern, Joe
Gans and Manager Harris, the promoters
of last night's nstlc encounter, were to
day dismissed for want of prosecution.
iludent of Northwestern
University Roughly
Dealt With.
NEARLY KILLED
BY BEING HAZED
CHICAGO. Dec. 14.— Frank Lust, a stu
dent in the Northwestern University
Academy,* was hazed !ast night by twelve
students. He was taken from the univer
sity gymnasium, where he was practic
ing, to a secluded spot on the lake shore.
There he was blindfolded and his clothes
removed. A coat of black ink and soft
soap was then daubed over his entire
body. After the treatment of ink and
soap the students lined up and compelled
him to run the gauntlet. He was passed
from one to another of the crowd and
each one took occasion to slap him about
the body. After fifteen minutes of this
kind of treatment he was wrapped up in
blankets and taken to his home on Sheri
dan road. The young man waa nearlv
overcome from exposure and from the
hard treatment he received, and fainted
while being taken to his home. The stu
dents, however,- managed to revive him
before he was taken to his room.
Last week Lust received a threatening
letter signed by several fictitious names,
in which he was asked to watch out for
dire treatment.
All the hazing bajid wore handkerchiefs
over the lower parts of their faces. Tho
clothing they wore was old, but despite
this fact it is thought the victim recog
nized several of his tormentors.
This is the se<jond student at the acad
emy who has been hazed within the past
week. Last Friday night F. H. Sandmeyer
was \1sited in his room by a half-dozen
students and treated to a coat of fly
paper.
iJr. Herbert Flake, principal of the
Northwestern University Academy, re
turned to Evanston yesterday and will at
once commence an investigation of the
hazing of Sandmeyer.
I>r. Piske will be assisted by the North
western University faculty and states
that the affair will be sifted to the bot
tom. None of the faculty, so far as couli
be learned late last night, had heard of
the hazing of Lust.
THREE SUSPECTS HELD
3 FOR TRAIN *R0BBERY
Special Officers Have a lively Fusil
lade With a Negro and
White Man. %1
NEW ORLEANS, Dec- 14.— Three ar
rests were made early to-day in the vi
cinity of the sensational hold-up on the
Illinois Central in the suburbs of this
city last night. Shortly after the rob
bery Special Officers Luich and Daly Baw
a . JL te man and . a negro near the Illi
nois Central tracks. . The men had a bag,
and the officers called on them to sur
render. Instead, the white man drew his
revolver and a lively fusillade followed
between the officers and the men. The
latter finally dropped their sack and
escaped toward the swarnpB. The sack
Proved to be a United States mall bag.
This morning near the scene of the
shooting the police found a cartridge belt
stained with blood and full of cartridges.
Shortly before noon ¦ Special Officers
Lulcn and Daly went to police head
quarters and . Instantly recognized Ray
Henderson as one of the two with whom
they had exchanged shots. Henderson
had been arrested while running from
the scene armed. It is difficult to learn
what the robbers got away with, but it
is said they managed to secure several
registered mall pouches and a large num
ber, of express packages.
ANXIOUS TO NURSE
LEPER HUSBAND
Mrs. George Kanlku of Honolulu Asks
Permission to Go to
Molokai.
HONOLULU. T. H.. Dec. 7.— The Board
of Health has received a letter from
George Kaniku, one of the lepers at
Molokai, asking that his wife be allowed
to Join him in his exile at the settlement.
Mrs. Kaniku is living in Honolulu, and
is willing to go and spend the re»t of
her life among- the lepers, nursing her
husband, who Is at an advanced stage,
and Is becoming helpless.
Laborers for Hawaii.
HONOLULU, T. H.. Deo. 7.-Gettingr
Portuguese from California is one of the
latest plans of the sugar men in their ef
forts to add. to the labor supply here.
M. A. Silva, a well known young Portu
guese, will leave here next week for San
Francisco in the interest of Olaa and
Pepeekeo plantations. The plantations of
fer good inducements and are willing 'o
pay the fares o.f the men coming here.
Families are wanted and not single men.
Homes are furnished, and Olaa offers a
profit-sharing proposition.
. ¦ ? — ¦ -¦
Bank Bobbers Captured.
WHEELING, W. Va.. Dec 14.-Two
men supposed to have been implicated In
the robbery of the bank at Shanesville
•Wednesday night were arrested at
Bridgeport. Ohio, to-day, after a desper
ate fight with the police. The fight and
arrest occurred on a Wheeling and Lake
Erie train, and the terrified passengers
tried to jump from the windows. Many
ehots were fired, but no one was Injured.
Vaughn Files His Answer.
WOODLAND, Dec. 14.— Contestee
Vaughn has filed an answer In the NeJ
son-Vaughn Supervisorial contest, epeci
flcally denying every allegation in the
complaint. The case is set for next Mon
day, but there is likely to be some delay.
Meyer to Be Embassador.
WASHINGTON. Dec. 14.-The Senate
to-day confirmed the nomination ot
George Von Meyer of Massachusetts to
bo Ambassador to Italy.
Th« more- a wii« man thinks the less he
Is apt to talk.
For a Cold in tha Head.
L*x*tl ve Bromo-Quinin© TjUsltts. *
PBAIEXE FIRE IN
THE CITY OF CHICAGO
Sparks From an Engine in the Sub
urbs Set Fire to the
Grass.
CHICAGO, Dec. 14.— A midwinter prairie
fire was a dangerous novelty witnessed in
this city last night. It swept ten acr*s
of grass, and was subdued by farmers,
firemen, policemen and street railway em
ployes, who attacked it with brooms,
blankets, rubber overcoats and sod. Many
cars loaded with beef on tha Panhandfre
tracks were threatened, as was an ice
house and several farm houses.
The scene of the fire was the prairie be
tween Leavltt street and Western avenue
and Fortieth and Fifty-first streets. Tha
flames are supposed to have started from
sparks from the engine of a south-bound
passenger train wbteh passed at 9:30
o'clock. For a time the blaze smouldered,
then broke out in several places and
fanned by the wind, spread rapidly.
?
Is Granted a Divorce.
HONOLULU, T. H., Dec 7.— The di
vorce suit brought by Mrs. Miner against
Dr. Miner was decided last night by Judge
Humphreys in favor of the wife. She
was given an absolute divorce on the
ground of cruelty, was awarded the lump
sum of $30,000 from her husband, with $3000
additional for her attorneys, and the cus
tody of her child. In addition to- the
money already mentioned Dr. Miner is to
pay $60 a month to Mrs. Miner for the
support of the child. The case was a hard
fought and sensational one. lasting three
weeks. The attorneys for Miner will ap
peal the case and have already filed a mo
tloa for a new trial.
Polios Captain Beaten.
HONOLULU, T. H., Dec. 7.— Captain
Fox. head of the Honolulu mounted po
lice, was attackd and beaten by a
crowd of natives on the Pacific M*JU
wharf last "Wednesday morning because
he tried to stop a card game on the wharf.
The crowd knocked him down and struck
him many times, but he managed to fight
his way through, and, with the aid of
another officer, who arrived, made two ar
rests. ¦
HONOLULU. Dec. 7.— George Pratt, the
leper, who came here from San Francisco,
is still held at the Kalihi detention camp,
to be sent back when the steamship China
comes here. He has told many different
stories about himself. The latest Is a
mysterious tale about his having been
sent by a high Masonic lodge in Washing
ton to use his cure in behalf of a Mason
here who 'was afflicted with the dreaded
malady. Pratt has a cure which he says
has arrested the disease in his case. It is
expected that there will, be strong objec
tions to taking him on the part of the
China, but the local authorities are deter
mined that he shall go.
Kawalhao Church, the oldest church in
the Hawaiian Islands, celebrated its sev
enty-fifth anniversary last Sunday. The
church was organized in 1825, land being
donated to the missionaries at the time by
King Kamehameha. At first services
were conducted on the site in grass
houses, but in 1839 the corner-stone was
laid. In it was placed the first printed
copy of the first edition of the Bible pub
lished in the Hawaiian language, and is
sued only twenty-nine days before the
laying of the stone. The church building
is the largest here. The church has had
but three pastors during its career, the
present one. Rev. H. H. Parker, having
served for thirty-seyen and a half years.
In the congregation on the occasion of
the celebration, which took place last
Sunday, were daughters of all three of
the pastors. Among the features of the
celebration was the presentation by the
Rev. W. D. Westerveldt of a Hawaiian
flag from Oberlln College, which used the
flag in decorations last summer, and sent
it as a greeting.
The Mormon church here is also pre
paring for a great anniversary celebra
tion, the occasion being the iiftieth anni
versary of the landing of the first elders
on Hawaiian soil. The eiders were Presi
dent Lorenzo Snow and Counsellor George
Q. Cannon. They are both expected to
arrive here in time for the anniversary,
which Is December 12. 1 he religion they
introduced here now has about GuOO adher
ents, nearly all natives, in Hawaii.
Honolulu is still disturbed by the ques
tion as to whether President Mc-
Klnley contemplates declaring void all
land sales and leases made here
since September 2S,. U99. by the local gov
ernment. In spite of denials, the Hono
lulu Republican continues to assert that
suits are to be brought in behalf of the
National Government to annul all such
leases or sales. The paper states that Me
legal documents for such actions are now
being prepared and will soon be filed. The
sale ot public lands at Olaa is the princi
pal deal involved. At the present time
there are squatters on the lands, who re
fused to leave in spite of the order to do
so, followed as it was by a public sale.
An attempt by several purchasers to take
possession resulted in their being driven
away by gunfe in the hands of the squat
ters. They base their claims on the con
tention that the local government had no
right to dispose of any public lands aiter
September 2S, 1S99, on which date Presi
dent McKinley gave his last instructions
in the matter, ordering that no more land
deals be entered into. The enabling act,
however, gives the local government con
trol, according to the contention of those
who ordered the sales.
A treasury department ruling In the
matter of Chinese citizenship has created
excitement and surprise among the Chi
nese population here. It declares that
the Chinese who were naturalized citizens
of the Republic of Hawaii did not become
American citizens by virtue of the provis
ions of th-» territorial act. Section four of
that act declared that "all persons who
were cltUens of the Republic of Hawaii
on August 12, 1899, are hereby declared to
be citizens of the United States." Under
this section Chinese citizens of tha late re
public were supposed to be Americans,
and they were allowed to vote on the 6th
of last month. If the Chinese in question
an? not Americans they appear to be men
without a country- They have forsworn
allegriance to China, and were citizens of
the Republic of Hawaii, but there is no
such republic in existence now. The ques
tion arose here when some of the sup
posed American citizens wanted to leave
Hawaii for the United States. Collector
Stackable wrote to Washington and re
ceived the new ruling on the 20th of last
month. Attorney William A- Henshall,
who has several Chinese clients who want
to travel as American citizens, has ap
pealed to the Treasury Department. The
number of Chinese who come under the
ruling as citizens of the late republic is
small, but they are mostly wealthy men
of long residence here. .'
Porter J. Conway. saJd to be very much
¦wanted in Salt Lake City for embezzle
ment, has been spending a few days in
Honolulu, under the name of George
Clarkson. according to several people who
have recognized him. He arrived on the
steamship Mariposa from San Francisco,
having eluded the detectives there, and
he has now taken the Bteamship Dorio
for the Orient. High Sheriff A. M. Brown
says that he is absolutely certain that
Clarkson is Porter Conway. but that there
was no way to hold him here, as there are
no papers from Utah. For several days
after he was recognized" here by a man
who had known him at Salt Lake, Con
way was in town on the public streets
s»nd the police were powerless. Conway is
said to have been a forger and embezzler
last month, in Salt Lake, after cutting a
wide swath as a business and soclety
rnnn. and the amount of his haul is placed
at over $13,000. He was being watched for
at San Francisco, but in some way passed
on board the Mariposa.
The first wireless telegraphy message
ever sent to Honolulu from a vessel at sea
was received to-day from the yacht La
Paloma. which has been chartered by the
telegraph company to \islt the various
stations and make the needed repairs. To
day she sent messages from the open sea
near Molokai, and received replies. Tnd
stations on Oahu and Molokai are no-w
in successful communication, but so far
Honolulu has not been able to reach the
other islands.
Treasury Department Rules That
Chinese Who Were Naturalized
Hawaiian s Do Not Become
Citizens of United States.
Honolulu Authorities Will
Not Permit Pratt to
Stay There.
LEPER WILL BE
RETURNED HERE
LONDON', Dec. 14.— A epecial from Su
Petersburg says: Prince Khalkioff, the
Minister of Railroads, to-day rave the
correspondent of the Associated Press a
complete outline of the railway projects
which are now under way or are seriously
considered,. A new line nearly 300 kilo
meters, or about 200 miles, in length has
just received the approval of the Council
of State. It will be a Government line and
will connect the basins of the Dpn and the
Dnieper rivers, paralleling the line to
Vekaterinoslaf and running some distance
south of this line. The Yekaterlnoslaf line
is crowded with grain trafllc. The cost will
be 15.000.GDO or 20,000.000 roubles. W ork will
be begun next spring.
The road from Orenburg to Tashkta. will
be 1900 kilometers, or between 1200 and 1300
miles long. It will be begun at both ends
at the same time. The total cost will be
about SO.OOO.OOO roubles.
The line from Sesterosk. on the Finnish
border, will be given a St. Petersburg ter
minal next year. Work will also be begun,
according to a recent decision, upon the
St. Petersburg branch of the Great Sibe
rian line, which will join the Moscow line
in the Ural passes before reaching Cne
laybinsk.
A private company is seeking a conces
sion for a line irom the Dnieper valley,
beginning near Necicopol or Alexandrovsk.
to Odessa, with a total length of 610
versts, or something over 410 miles. The
surveys have been begun.
Another company has long been asking
for a concession for a line from Yalta to
Sebastopol. but it is hardly thought this
will be granted, as the road will have to
pass through the Emperor's property. It
was proposed that electricity should be
substituted for steam as motive power,
but the Emperor still objected, and the
line will probably ultimately be built
more to the eastward, running from Yalta
to Simferopol.
The Siberian railway will prdbably be
completed from Stretensk to the Chinese
frontier within a few months. The Gov
ernment also hopes to complete enough of
the line around the Lake of Baikal to en
able the boat to make its crossing twenty
miles shorter before the end of the year.
The entire loop, with a length of 290 kilo
meters, or nearly 200 miles, will "cost about
40,000,000 roubles.
Council of State Grants Its Approval
for a Government Lin© to Con
nect the Don and
Dnieper.
Number of New Projects
Now Under Way or
Considered.
NEW RAILWAYS
IN CZAR'S REALM
NEW MINISTER FROM THE SHAH
IS A DIPLOMAT OF SOME NOTE
General Isaac Khan Mofakhamed's Mission Is to
Cement Commercial Relations.
JESSIE MORRISON
IS NOT CONVICTED
After Long Deliberation the
Jury Fails to Agree on
a Verdict.
Father of Mrs. Castle's Slayer Is
Hopeful of Her Release, While
the Prosecution Hints at
Perjury.
EL DORADO. Kans.. Dec. 14.— Jessie
Morrison's trial for the murder of Mrs.
Olin Castk , whose iif«- she is charged with
having taken because of her love for
Castle, ended to-day at noon In a hung
Jury. Although the Ji:ry did not asree on
a vercict the result of Us deliberations
came r.ear being an acquittal.
Almost from the etart and before the
case had been riiscu.-s<-4 by them nine of
the juror? voted for acquittal and three
for conviction, the throe Holding out lor
manslaughter in tlie fourth degree, the
punishment for which ranges from six
months in jail to two years in the pen
itentiary. The jurors had been out since
Tuesday morning and for the last three
day?, realizir.p thai they could not reach
a verdict they had waited patiently for
thrir rtlschars' 1 . Th* '•a^e will now go
over to the spring court. Tn the mean
time Miss Morrisou'a lawyers will make
Rpplication tor h«r release on bond.
»!:•¦* !i it is i.-ii.-vt-d Juds*' Shinn has al-
IMPENDING DEAL
IN TWO RAILROADS
Powerful Interests Buying
Stock of the Wabash
and Erie Lines.
Transaction.
Connected With the
Vanderbilts and the Pennsylvania
People Are Reported to Be
NEW YORK, Deo. 14.— According to all
reports in Wall street important develop
ments are pending in the affairs of the
Wabash as well as the Erie Railroad,
thouRh their exact nature has not yet
been disclosed. "What is currently report
ed, however, and what in well-informed
quarters of Wall street is regarded as
reasonable, is that new and powerful in
terests are buying into both systems with
a view, if not to change control, at least to
closer working relations with other com
panies. According to the reports Pennsyl
vania Railroad interests on the one hand
and Vanderhilt interests on the other have
bought each 1'\>,<X>O shares of Erie stock
within the past ten days.
Opposition in Sugar Refining.
New opposition 10 the American Sugar
Refining Company is developing. It comes
from two sources. .The twofold opposition
comes tirst from the Arbuckie? and second
from Philadelphia interests and is admit
ted by Herman Sielecken, who is at the
head' "of the American Company's coffee
business and who is generally credited
with beinR closer to President Havemey<*r
then any other man in the trade. Briefly
<"utlincd* it may be said that the plan of
the Arbuckles is to build a new refinery
oqual in capacity and every other respect
to and adjoining the present one in Brook
lyn. So far as the Philadelphia opposition
is concerned, not much of a definite na
ture is known. At the office cf Arbuckle
Bros., James N. Jarvie said: "I refuse
absolutely to talk on the matter."
President Haveme>vr would not dis
cuss the report.
Miss Flagler Enjraged.
The enprapement of Miss Elizabeth
M<x-.re Flagler to Dr. W. G. MtKeon of
Badeck. Cape Breton, is ann-.xir.cod by her
mother. The marriage will take place
in June. Miss F1.ik1<t i" a daughter
of nrlpadler General Daniel \V. Flagler;
at one time rh'.ef of ordnance of the army.
In August. IMS, Miss Flsvjler was the vlo
tlm ox a must unhappy occurrence. She
shct a negro boy. Krnest Green, t-inployed
in one of the (ir-parimonts, killing him in
stantly. Gr<fn had b»*en breaking the
branches of pear trees in the grounds sur
rounding the Flakier rf»r£«1enee In Wash
ington. MIps KlaKN'r warned the lad to
rieslst, but he <li<1 not heed her. whereup
on *hf lired u revolver, sir .ply with the in
tention, her friends sa>\ of frightening
him away. Miss FlagW surrendered her
self immediately to the Chief of Police
and was exonerated by tr»» Coroner's jury.
She was subsequently indicted and tried
the following February- She was con
victed of involuntary miuislauchter and
.¦sentenced 10 three hours' imprisonment
nr.d a J5"0 tine. This sentence was carried
out. She ha." since been living in retire
ment at Capo Breton.
Shot by a Girl.
Elizabeth Muller. the 18-year-old step
daughter of Bernard Ochschlagel, a "West
Twenty-sixth street Baioon-keeper, whom
she shot on 'November 30, was arrested
last nisrht on a charge of homicide, as the
man died yesterday. At the time of the
shooting Oehschlagel had struck and
knocked the girl down. She seized a re
volver and shot him, since which time he
has been In a hospital.
Taxation BUI Passed.
LANSING. Mich., Dec 14.— The House
Bitting In committee of the whole has
passed the taxation bill.
SOUTHTKGTON, Conn.. Deo. 14.— News
has reached here In the form of an offi
cial communication from General Mac-
Arthur that Llnas Bkinner, a former
Bouthlngton boy, has been sentenced to be
shot on Christmas day for sleeping at hla
post when on sentry duty. His father,
John P. Bkinner. who Is ft. years old. Is
nearly heartbroken by the news and has
left for Washington to plead with Presi
dent McKlnley for his son's life.
General MacAxthur Approves the
D«ath Penalty Imposed Upon
Private Skinner.
WXLIi BE SHOT FOB
SLEEPING AT HIS POST
BUTTE, Mont., Dec 14. — J. V. Cunning
ham, proprietor of a lodging-house, was
Ehot and Instantly killed this afternoon
by Louis L. Felker, his brother-in-law.
The shooting took place In the bedroom
of Cunningham's wife. Appearances
point to the conclusion that Cunningham
went there to kill his wife. The couple
had not been living happily together.
Each accused the other of Infidelity.
Instead Himself Meets
Death.
Husband Goes to Shoot Sis Wife, but
SHOT AND TnTiLrTT) BY
HIS BROTHER-IN-LAW
CLINTON, Ind.. Dec 14.— The United
Mineworkers have demanded that all
hoisting engineers Join their union. The
engineers have refused and the miners'
union has demanded their discharge un
lees thev comply with their demands.
State President Van Horn of the United
Mineworkers has sustained the miners.
All mines In the district are idle to-day.
It is believed they will resume with new
engineers to-morrow.
Hoisting' Engineers Hay Be Forced
Out of Employment "by Not Affil
iating With Organization.
BEFUSE TO JOIN THE
IONEW0ILKEES' UNION
PITTSBtTRG, Pa.. Dec. 14.— The day ex
press from Chicago on the Pittsburgh Fort
Wayne and Chicago collided with the
Leetsdale accommodation train near
Edgeworth this morning. Five passen
gers and five trainmen were injured.
The injured: R. U. Stevens, New York,
condition serious: J. E. Hanson, Chi
cago; Mrs. J. E. Hanson; William
Plscher; Ada Pischer, 14: Oeorge Fleming,
porter; Oscar White, fireman, probably
fatal; Dorsey Wise, baggagemaster, will
die; James Johnson, conductor; Fred
Schuch, brakeman.
A mistake of signals caused the acci
dent.
Badly Injured.
Five Passengers and Five of the
Train Crew Are More or Less
MISTAKE IN SIGNALS
CAUSES TEAIN WRECK
ready made up his mind to grant. It is
not believed that another jury could be
secured in the county to try the case.
Mis* Morrison showed little anxiety or
nervousness when she appeared in the
courtroeni to-day anu after the Jury had
been discharged walked quietly with her
relatives to her cell. There she threw her
self upon her cot and wept violently.
Liater, when seen by a newspaper man,
ehe would not talk of her case.
"I don't want 10 say a thing," she
pleaded.
Former Probate Judge Morrison, the
prisoners father, who had attended his
caughter dally throusn the trial, eald that
he was very much encouraged.
"It shows that there is not much doubt
of Jt-sslt-'s innocence." he said. Then he
added. *"I hear a gxiod many folks say if
the County Attorney does the right thing
he will dlKraiss the case."
County Attorney Brumback Is quoted aj
caylng this afternoon: "It was all a farce.
1 knew that there were three jurors un
favorable to the State and would hang
the jury. I will begin at once to investi
gate, and arrests for perjury are pretty
eure to follow. Perjury has been com
¦iitted In the testimony of the defense."
HIST0BY OF THE CASE.
The. Morrison murder caee ha» been one
«f the- most Intertttir.gr in the annals of
Kansas crimes. The principals were
Jessie Morrison, daughter of M. H. Mor
rison, formerly Probate Judge; Mrs.
Clara Wiley Castle and Olin Castle, the
latter e husband. All came of prominent
families who bad lived tn the county for
the past quarter ot a century. Miss. Mor
rison and Ca«tl3 were clerki In a "rack
et ' store and before he married Clara
Wiley Castle paid attentions to the pris
oner. It was shown in the trial that
much jealousy existed between the two
women. Mies Wiley and Castle were mar
ried in June last. On June 22 the women
fought with a razor In Mrs. Castle's
house. The latter died of her wounds
eighteen days later. In a deathbed state
ment by Mrs. Castle ehe charged Miss
Morrison with entering her house on pre
tense of Ehowbig her a letter, of talking
in a threatening manner and then islasa
ir.g her with a razor, which the defense
tried to show she had abstracted from
a showcase In the racket store. Ml«s
Morrison's plea was self-defense, and on
the stand she declared that Mrs. Castle
bad called her into the house and attack
t<i her and made It necessary for the de
fendant to cut back to save her own life.
Miss Morrison was last July indicted
iter murder in the nrst degree and ha»
•Ince been refused bail. It took five days
to secure a Jury, over four hundred men
having been subpenaed. Each side pre
sented about forty witnesses and eight
lawyers were retained. The taking of
testimony consumed eleven days' time
and the arguments were begTin Saturday
morning. The defendant fainted In her
cell on Wednesday night after a fit of
fobbing, and cried once in the courtroom.
It was feared that she would break down
before her testimony was heard, but on
the day the prisoner took the stand she
displayed rema-kable nerve and coolness.
She recited the details of the terrible
death Ftrugirle without hesitation, and
underwent the rlg'd cross-examination of
the State's attorneys without show o?
fear. Since tliwi Fh© has grown brighter
and stronger as her hopet of acquittal
arose.
Former Judre Morrison has been at his
daughter's side constantly during the
trial, which has dally attracted great
crowds of people. Sunday, surrounded
by her relatives. Miss Morrison spent the
time In her cell singing and praying-,
•while Olln Castle Joined a party of hunt
ers. Castle was not In the courtroom dur
li.g the dceing arruments.
Jesfie Morrison Is 23 years old: Mra.
Castle was 2S, and Castle Is 25.
THE BAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, DECEMBER 15, 1900.
Sestion and biliousness. - Obtain our Almanac
tor 1901— free. It contains valuable information.
': Indications everywhere point to great pros
perity for the coming year. This is a sign of
a healthy nature. The success of a country, as
well as of an Individual, depends upon health.
There can be no health If the stomach is weak.
If you have any stomach trouble try Hostetter's
Btomach Bitters, which cures dyspepsia, lndl-
Prosperity for 1001.
THE NEW PERSIAN MINISTER AT WASHINGTON IS IMMENSELY
WEALTHY, A NOTED DIPLOMAT, 40, UNMARRIED AND A GREAT
LOVER OF OUTDOOR SPORTS.
MISS MORRISON, "WHOM A
JURY WOULD NOT CONVICT
OF MURDER.
o
advertiseAlents.
THE LITTLE SICKNESSES
1
Which Grow Into Big Ones.
A little cold In the head Is a trifle, but If
neglected and It hangs on from week to
week and gets Into the throat and lungs it
is no longer a trifle. It is then no longer
a slight cold but the beginning of chronic
catarrh.
Do not make the mistake of thinking you
have no catarrh because the head and
nose appear to be clear. If there la cough,
tickling in the throat, hoarseness or a
sense of oppression In the chest you have
throat and bronchial catarrh. If the ap-
petite is poor, nausea, gagging and dis-
gust for food, especially in the morning,
you have catarrh of the stomach.
The surest and safest treatment for
every form of catarrh is an Internal rem-
edy which acts especially on tha blood
and mucous membranes.
Such a remedy is the new catarrh cure,
eold everywhere by druggists under name
cf Stuart s Catarrh Tablets, a medicine in
pleasant, convenient tablet form and con-
tair.lng all the best and latest specifics for
catarrh, ¦whether located in nose, throat
bronchial tubes or stomach.
Stuart's Catarrh Tablets are composed
of Sangulnarla, guaiacol. Red gum and
similar antiseptics which destroy the
germs of catarrh in the blood, and no one
who suffers from any form of catarrh and
has seen the uselessness of sprays,
douches, and powders will ever .go back
to them after once trying so convenient.
pleasant and harmless a remedy as
Stuart's Catarrh tablets and one which
gives relief in so short a time.
Even in cases where catarrh has af-
fected the senses of smell and hearing,
these tablets accomplish a cure because
the blood being cleansed of catarrhal
germs, the mucous surfaces of the nose
and throat no monger clog up the respira-
tory passages with catarrhal secretions.
All druggists sell full sized treatments of
Stuart's Catarrh Tablets for the nominal
price of 50 cents, and the regular daily use
of them will effectually cure this trouble-
some and dangerous disease.
t MUSEUM OF ANATOMY?
$ US 1861 KA2XZT8X. bet. Kitffe. &?.&!. 4
\ Of The Lirywt Ae*to«iic*l Murn la lbs \
ff _(rfk^ WeiML WatkaWMi ot im comractsd A
li f£»POT «5l««te »*UU».ly mmr^lhy the MntW
** ft*Jt3 »P«"*a*«eaUwCo«st. EjtjAr*"*- •
i fill!? °*- •'OROAH-PBITr ATE DISEASES 4
\ rwSSV Co:»»lt«tloo tet> and ttrkity print*. \
§ B }5mZ T ™ «»«" p«r»otn!ly pt by letter. A A
Tl ff « Hm.tn* CWtta evtry casendertakea. T
a F S Hi > w nt«'« Hook. raiLosoravn A
* * U 11 T BBA»«iA.«8c M*ii.s» *aaa. uf
X A JL ' ratuabte book tot m*a) . \
7 DE JTOBDAH «* CO.. Kftl Market St.. a ft* V
BAJA CALIFORNIA
Damiana Bitters
ISA GREAT RESTORATIVE. IXVIOORA-
¦ tor and Nervine.
The most wonderful aphrodisiac and Special
Tonic for the Sexual Organs, for both lexes.
The Mexican Remedy for Diseases of the Kid-
neys and Bladder. Bells en its own merits.
W. S AI l ER< ALFS * BRUNE. Agents.
S33 Market St., S. F.— (Send for Circulars.) ¦
| LaLte j*t,
|Piso\o
E Twenty-six pianos sold is ;
e the six day record.
= Think of it! Twenty-six ;
i pianos sold and in weather like
j this! It's remarkable proof of
: the popularity of these annual ;
: Curtaz sales.
E Up to midnight last niprht
I we worked.
: , No small job eettin* pianos ;
\ ready for parlors. \
\ Some are goin^ out of town ;
I —some stay until day before :
'- Christmas.
: Santa Qaus is eoinj: to tall
\ for some. What a magnificent
! present one of these Chick- i
E erings will make!
• : . Until the end of the sale
: (Christmas eve) you can buy
E pianos here at
| OPEN EVENINGS. \
\ Benj.Curtaz
H I6to20 OfarrettStS
STATEMENT
OV XU-E3
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
Fireman's Fund
INSURANCE COMPANY.
OF SAN FRANCZSOO, E* THE STATE OB"
California, on the Slat day of December.
A. D. 1333, and for the year esdls* en that
day, A* made to the Insurance Ccnua!»aloaer
of the State of California, pursuant to the.
provision* of sections «10 and Ol of the Politi-
cal Code, condensed as per blank foraiahed by
the Oommlssloner.
CAPITAL.
Amount of Capital Stock, paid up la
Caah 8.000.000 co
ASSETS.
Real Estate owned by Company $431,700 CO
Loans on Bonds and Mortg-iges 423.731 73
Cash Market Value of all Stocks and
Bonds owned by Company M1S.1M0 00
Amount of Leans secured by pledga
of Bonds. Stocks and otner market-
able necurtUea a» collateral 153.CC0 CO
Cash in Company's Office 13,513 u
Cash In Backs 1S3.930 33
Interest due and accrued on all
Stocks and Loans 1.17© 13
Interest due and accrued on Bonds
and Mortgages 15.CS3 44
Premiums in due Course of Collec-
tion 334.C4 07
¦Warrants _ l.t^t .';
Due from other Cbxnoanles for Re-
insurance on losses already paid... 7.197 (3
Total Assets .J3. 797.512 W
tlABTLJTTES. ~
Losses adjusted and unpaid S3O.0S 43
Losses in process of Adjustment or
In Suspense 137.SM 73
Losses resisted, includes expenses... S.T7i CO
Gross premiums on Fire Risks run-
ning one year or less. t3«3.U4 44: re-
Insurance 50 per cent 434,577 C
Gross premiums on Fire Risks run-
ning more than one year, I1.JS6,-
OW 81: reinsurance pro rata T19.C81 30
Groes premiums on Marine T!rn«
Risks. S ; reinsurance 50 per
cent 111154 67
Total Liabilities S1.4SS.5C3 35
DJCOMB. "
Net cash actually received for Ttr»
premiums 0. 415.33 00
Net cash actually received for Ma-
rine premiums I33.K7 M
Received for interest on Bonds and
Mortgages XI. 341 »
Received for Interest and dividends
on Bonds. Stocks, Loans, and from
all other »ources 11S.15I «
Received for Rents »,637 S3
Received for proflt on tale of securi-
ties - 1.263 00
Total Income ~....",. ..8.9TS.M3 £9
EXPENDITURES.
Net amount paid for Fire Losses (!n-
cludtar I losses of previous
years) JS34.ST5 S3
Net amount paid for Maxlns Losses
(includlr.r * losses of pre-
vious yeirs J.V.C3 w
tMvidends to PtockhoMers «..v. w W
Paid or allowed for Commission or
Brokerage S39w4C« S3
Paid for Salaries. Fres. and other
charges for officers, clerks. #tc r.Mi: «>
Paid for State* National and Lwal
Taxes tT.Trs «>
All other payments and «x?etkdl-
turea r*.'.J3 O
i.
Total Esnwnditttxts tt.HC.S33 $7
Losses Incurred durtr.s th« y««r. ....... js-sr.'-^ y
Msrtn*.
Losses incurred durisr th» y»*r 073.^?; u
Risks and Premiums. Fire Risks. Premiums.
Net amount of Risks
written durlnc tne
year CO.*Tii3t C.K2.IC9 70
Net amoant of Risks ?*.»•*•.» .n
txplred durlar tha
Tear CSS.138.ia C.SO.CS U
N«t amount ta toxvu «.».» •*
December n. 1S» »O7.m.e<? »XS5.U1 a
Risks and Premium*. Mar. Risks. Prernftiras.
Net amoant of RUks "
- written durinc th*
NefamoVInV-if "Risk, **•**•** »«."•«
expired durinr the
year CM.ea.594 «2.5» CO
Net amount In force ••—.•«# •«
TJeoembor n. 1S39 *8.g«,<CS nn.513 O
TTM. J. r»trTTON. Fmt.
BERNARD FAYMONVILLEl 9ecy.
Sobaoibed and sworn to before me. this 15th
day of January. 1300.
- M. M. KETORER.
Pepaty Tnsrrranee Cbmmlsstoner.
THE WEEKLY CALL
61 pep Ycai%
PMMIAfiHMAA High Grade
torunnshnas ~
t Novelties
PrBsenfs il§
Cases
21 5.21 8 Bush Street / nVvViii'm "
225-227 Post Street j^g LeatherThe preliminary examination of Drsv O.
W. CVDonnell and B. A. Boehm, charged
with the murder of Mrs. Annie Giddings,
was held before Jutigs Conlan yesterday
afternoon. The witnesses examined were
Miss Etta Crumbley, a cousin of the de
cedent; Mrs. Addle Keyes, 607 Van Ness
avenue; William Spalding, 433 Golden
Gate avenue; Mrs. Jennie Conway, 42
Turk street. . Detective Edward Gibson
and Dr. Leland, autopey surgeon at the
Morgue. The witnesses were not per
mitted to tell conversations they had with
the decedent prior to her death, and with
out them the Judge admitted the case was
a very weak one. A motion to dismiss
was made, and the Judge reserved his de
cision until, Monday.
lira. Annie Giddings' Death,
For a Cold in the Head.
Laxative Bromo-Quinine Tablets. •
You may be unable to oblige, but yon
can at least epeak obligingly.
The California State Federation conven
tion, which meets in Pioneer Hall January
7, will apparently be one of the largest
and most Important gatherings of or
ganized labor ever assembled in the State.
The initiative in this movement was ta
ken by the San Farndsco Labor Council
and a committee of that body has Issued
a call to every eligible trade union In the
State. The following is the basis of rep
resentation. The convention shall be
composed of representatives of the fol
lowing specified organizations:
All central labor bodies affiliated with
the American Federation of Labor.
All unions directly affiliated with the
American Federation of Labor.
All unions affiliated with central bodies
chartered by the American Federation of
Labor.
All unions affiliated with tho American
Federation of Labor through their nation
al bodies, provided that no union be ad
mitted to this convention except It be af
filiated with the central labor body, char
tered by the American Federation of La
bor and having jurisdiction in Its locality,
where such central body exists.
Central bodies shall be entitled to two
delegates each: local labor unions ahall be
entitled to two delegates for the first 100
members and one delegate for each suc
ceeding 100 members or major fraction
thereof; providing that no union shall be
entitled to more than ten delegates.
Votes shall be apportioned among the
representatives of local trade unions in
proportion to the membership of their re
spective organizations. Local central bod
ies shall be entitled to two votes each. No
proxies shall be permitted.
The principal work of the convention, or
course, will be the formation of a perma
nent State Federation. In addition, it is
expected that certain legislative measures
NIPPEBT'S COTJB.T-MABTIAL
NEABS ITS CONCLUSION
Demurrer Is Not Sustained, Leaving
Loophole for Appeal in Case of
Conviction.
The second session of the court-martial
before which Captain Flrmln M. Nippert
is being tried was held In the armory.
corner of Page and Gough streets, last
night.
The demurrer submitted by the counsel
for the accused. Zenas Dodge and Davis
and Nathan, was not sustained, which In
case of conviction furnishes good ground
for an appeal.
The brilliant record of the accused as a
member of the National Guard and as a
volunteer officer was submitted, the only
thing In the line of defense offered. No
witnesses to defend Captain Nlppert's rep
utation, according -to his counsel, were
needed. i .
The court reached a decision at a late
hour, but It was not divulged as the find
ings must first reach the commanding of
ficer of the brigade before being made
public.
Delegates Representing the Various Unions Will Be Given
Thorough Representation at the Big Meeting.
such as the anti-injunction, child labor,
employment agency, employers' liability
and blower system bills, which have al
ready been Indorsed by a large number of
local bodies, will be discussed and steps
taken to secure their enactment by the
Legislature. It Is claimed the sentiment
already expressed by Senators and As
semblymen give assurance that the views
of the convention on these matters will
meet the approval of the State • law
makers. Judging by the present outlook,
strong measures will also be taken to
thoroughly organize the workers In every
section of the State, particularly In those
localities which, owing, to their Isolation,
have so far had no trade organization.
LABOR CONVENTION MEETS
IN THIS CITY SHORTLY
First Day's Session Devoted to Head
ing of Papers and a Social
Gathering.
The storm interfered greatly with the
first cession of the annual convention of
the State Woman's Suffrage Association,
which opened yesterday morning at
Golden Gate Hall. The attendance wos
not ui> to the standard established by
previous conventions, but what the ladles
lacked In numbers they made up In en
ihuFlasm.
Mrs. Swift, president of the association,
occupied the chair and there were present
many representatives from local and
county organizations. Reports were read
from interior clubs which were very en
ou racing. A communication ¦was r<?
<-( ived from the Los Angeles Woman's
F-jfTrage League declaring its sympathy
for the State association.
The only pacer read was the one by
Mrs. Kmma Shafter Howard Mrs. How
*r<*. advocated that the suffragists might
aivance their cause by taking part in all
conventions agitating live and timely
subjects. After Mrs. Howard's paper and
in the informal rathoring that followed
the lady's able address was commended
by Mr?. L>aura <1e Force Gordon, Mrs.
Swift. Mrs. Keith of Berkeley and Mr*.
Bessie Blodgett of Boston.
There was no business meeting in the
afternoon, but the time was given over
to an informal gathering- of the ladies,
who ppent a pleasant hour in social dis
course.
The Section of officers will be held this
morning-.
WOMAN SUFFRAGISTS
IN ANTTTJAI, CONVENTION
The Crrrr.an Ladief:' Benevolent Socl-ty
If preparing a Christmas, festival for 150
poor families which will take place on
Saturday. Derr-mber 23. at 1 o'clock, in
Golden Gate Hall. €25 Sutter etreeL The
festival is an annual affair and every
year large numbers have enjoyed the hos
pitality of the society.
Preparing Christmas Che«r.
Poetical genius }s often but an uncom
mon dcjrree of Imagination.
CHIEF OF THE CHINATOWN SQUAD IS TOLD BY A- GERMAN WAIT
ER HE CANNOT EAT UNTIL HE SHOWS THE COLOR OF HIS
HONEY.
With the air of a man who had sud
denly come Into the possession of vast
riches. Brophy ordered the waiter, who
was a German and a recent arrival in
this city, to "bring on a porterhouse
steak well done, smothered In onions, and
a bottle of cool beer to wash it down "
After sizing up the sergeant the waiter
concluded that he was a professional
"beat." and he so notified the proprietor
"Tell him that It will coat him fifty
cents," roared the latter, "and get a.
glimpse of his money before you serve
him. The waiter, following the instruc
tions of his employer, timidly approached
Brophy. • '
"I dink you was a beat," spoke the
waiter, addressing Brophy. "You gets no
porterhouse here 'less you pungle up
first." - ...
Angered beyond measure the 'little ser
geant" displayed his star and in language
that could not be mistaken he ordered
the waiter to serve him. , The latter fear
fully admitted his mistake and apologized
to Brophy for thinking that he was a
"beat," but the sergeant was not easily
appeased.
After finishing his meal Brophy stepped
out to the counter to pay for it, but his
wrath had not yet subsided and ho
slapped down a silver, dollar and strode
out on the street without waiting for his
change, oblivious of the fact that he had
paid double price for his "swjell" meal.
PORTO RICANS
DESERT BOSSES
When the session was called to order
Regent J. B. Reinstein. of the board of
trustees appointed to take charge of the
competition of the plans, read a report of
the board. In his report he referred to
the letter Mm written by Mrs. Hearst in
which the subject of a comprehensive plan
for the establishment of a series of build
ings was taken up, and In which she of
fers to stand the expense of the competi
tion by which the best talent obtainable
In the world could be brought to a consid
eration of the scheme. Continuing, the
report summarizes the preliminary work
of the competition, the competition itself
and the methods by which the winning
plans were selected from among the num
ber that were submitted. The report con
cluded with a complimentary address to
Mrs. Hearst and with the formal presen
tation of the plans to her.
The meeting of the Regents was for the
purpose of considering the plans and it
took them but a few minutes to decide
that those submitted were the best ob
tainable, and they were adopted uanl
mouFly.
At a meeting of the Regents of the State
University held yesterday afternoon, the
plans of Monsieur Benard, the successful
competitor in the Hearst architectural
competition, were submitted to the gov
erning body and were accepted. The plans
arrived Thursday from Paris and had
been placed en exhibition in what was the
dining-room of the old Hopkins mansion.
There are four sheets containing eight
plans— a section through what the plan
proposes as a continuation of University
avenue, a view of the hill topped by the
observatory, a plan of the university
jrrouniis. a topographical map of the
grounds and four crops-sections showing
the different slopes of the hill. There
Is In addition a pheet with three draw-
Ings in detail, one a birdseye view, one
a specimen column, and a third, by
far the most characteristic of the wh"!c
group, a view of what is intended to be
the avenue through the middle of the
grounds just at the point where the bot
anical gardens will make it most beauti
ful.
More Than Thirty Purposely
Miss the Hawaiian
Steamer.
In the excitement thirty or more of the
exiles became separated from the band
and when the boat steamed up to the
wharf to take the crowd aboard many
were found missing. This created some
confusion, but there was no holding the
steamer. About eighty were taken aboard:
the remaining thirty-eight are now In this
city, and those who tiave not already
fallen into the hands of the police or some
charitably inclined person are probably
wandering aimlessly about the city. They
have no money and it is only a question
of hours before all will become charges
on the city.
The exiles cannot speak nor understand
English, and thoEe who have become sep
arated from- the band are nkely to have
trouble trying to make themselves under
stood. In fact, their utter helplessness
became evident last night when nine of
the unfortunates were picked up at the
corner of Third and Harrison streets l>y
the police and carried to the Hall of Jus
tice in a patrol wagon. There were four
women in the party. They wore given a
night's lodging at the City Prison.
From an Interpreter it was learned that
the thirty-eight who missed the boat did
so intentionally, having been induced to
desert their companions on the strength
of luring promises of better treatment
and higher wages here. r»one of them ap
pear to be In a starving- condition and for
wanderers without a home they are a
pretty happy, contented lot. Fully one
half of the thirty-eight are boys ranging
In age from eight to 15. Some of the men
carried small bundles of clothing tied to
the end of a stick, which was swung over
the shoulder. These little bundles consti
tute their entire personal effects.
The eighty who boarded tne steamer
will probably go to work Immediately
upon their arrival in Hawaii. They are
to receive $20 a month, and In addition
will be furnished with a living place and
all the necessities of life will be given
them free. What will become of those
who remained behind Is a question, on
less arrangements can be made to have
them sent to Hawaii on the next boat tne
city may have to take a hand in looking
after them. Indeed, it. looks as If tnal
would be the case anyway, or until such
time as transportation can oe provided.
The Porto Ricans complain of not very
good treatment In their native country
ar.J they are glad to withstand any kind
of hardship rather than remain In Porto
Rico. They are not under written con
tract with the Hawaiian sugar firm and
none of them was compelled to go aboard
the steamer unless he chose. They now
appear to be sorry that they did not Join
their companions.
The majority of them are very poorly
dressed. -
The special train carrying the US Porto
Rlcans, en route to Hawaii, where they
will be employed by the Hawaiian Sugar
Planters" Association, arrived at Oakland
from Los Angeles just before noon yes
terday. The motley aggregation was at
once hustled off to meet the steamer Rio
de Janeiro, which left her dock at 1
o'clock bound for the Hawaiian Islands.
The members of Apollo Lodge No. 123,
I. O. O. F., were greatly pleased with the
lecture on "The Land of the Castanet"
given by Henry Payot last nl"ht in their
lodge rooms. In a delightful manner Mr.
Payot carried his audience through sunny
Spain, illustrating the different points of
his lecture with stereopticon views. The
lecture was largely attended.
The Land of the Castanet.
>=^ ERGEANT OF POLICE BROPHY
(V^^ had an experience last Thursday
— <7\ night that is amusing to every-
but himself. Brophy, while
not a dude, has always prided him
self on being one of the best-groomed
men In the department. Recently he was
assigned to duty In Chinatown, and fol
lowing the example of his predecessors
he resurrected an old suit of clothes, a
Flouch hat and a blue flannel shirt that
his father wore, and, donning them, pre
pared to do battle with the criminal
classes of the Chinese quarter.
While the Chinese looked with awe on
the sudden change in the appearance of
the "little sergeant," as he is familiarly
known, Brophy completely ignored them,
even to the point of threatening a few
of the more Inquisitive with his club.
Thursday night, after successfully raid
ing several "joints," Brophy shook the
dice with himself to see whether he would
go to tho expense of eating a porterhouse
steak or take a chance with his usual
evening diet of toast' and coffee. Luck
was with him, and after ordering his
equad to return to their respective sta
tions Brophy went to the California Mar
ket with his mind preoccupied with the
thought of the extra expense attached, to
the "swell" meal that ho was about to
order.
Olaf Andersen, residing at 721& Minna
street, attempted to commit suicide yes
terday forenoon by stabbing himself in the
right breast with the blade of an or
dinary' penknife. He Inflicted six separate
wounds on his body. He was removed to
the Emergency Hospital In the ambulance
and treated by Dr. BunnelL ,
Olaf Andersen Attempts Suicide.
plan has not yet progressed as far as de
tails. It is a grand conception, however,
for not a tree, not a stream, not a shady
nook nor picturesque corner has been sac
rificed, and all that nature has done for
the gentle slope from peak to bay has
bren made part of the plan for the greater
university.
The plans having been inspected the Re
gents convened again and on motion of
Regent Hellman the plans were adopted.
By a subsequent motion a special commit
tee was provided for which will fittingly
express the gratitude of the Regents for
the generosity of Mrs. Hearst which haa
made the whole scheme possible.
The plans having been accepted, Regent
Reinsteln submitted a motion providing
that they should not be changed in any
material particular except by the consent
of a majority of a board composed of the
committee of award and Charles P. Mc-
Kim, Professor D. Despradello, John M.
Carrere and John Galen Howard,- all
prominent in the world of architects. The
committee of award is composed of J. S.
Pascal, R, Norman Shaw. Dr. Paul Wal
lot, Walter Cook and J. B. Reinsteln. By
the terms of the motion this board Is
made self-perpetuating. The motion was
carried, more, however, as a sense of the"
present board in accepting the plans than
as an action binding on successive boards.
Its object Is to protect as far as possible
the plans as they were adopted.
It Is not possible to estimate how long
It will be before the plan as adopted will
be put In effect, nor even when It will be
started. It will be formed round the min
ing: building as a nucleus, however, for
Mrs. Hearst will donate that building, and
she says she will have the men at work
on It as soon as an architect can get out
the working plans. This will be about
next May.
At the meeting yesterday C. E. Fryer
was appointed reader In history for five
months at a salary of $30 a month and
Dr. H. C. Meyer was appointed an hon
orary fellow in agriculture. It was an
nounced by President Wheeler that at the
next Charter day President Arthur T.
Hadley of Yale would deliver the address.
MISTAKES THE SERGEANT
FOR A RESTAURANT BEAT
Mrs. Hearst briefly replied to the report
of the committee as follows:
It Is with sincere gratification that I ac
cept at the hands of the trustees the completed
plans of the greater university we all trust
the near future may see. And now, Mr. Presi
dent and members of the Board of Regents, I
submit these plans for your approval, and, I
hope, for your acreptanee. In thus severing
my connection with the trustees I desire to em
phasize my appreciation of their Intelligent,
earnest and enthusiastic work, rendered Indi
vidually bit! collectively, and I avail myself
cf this public opportunity to express my
thanks to ex-Governor James H. Budd. Profes
sor William Cary Jones and Hegent J. B.
TteinEtein.
The plans being thus finally before the
board, the Regents took a few minutes to
examine them and listen to comments in
explanation. As at last submitted to the
Board of Regents the plans are not nearly
so extensive as those by which Benard
won the competition. They have all the
difference between plans that would ro
qulre $100,000,000 to carry to successful
completion and plans that may not take
more than $8,000,000. The scheme is a flex
ible one, including as -much as possible of
the natural -beauties of the location and
all its physical charm, at the same time
presenting a system that may be modified
In many particulars without in any man
ner destroying the general scheme that
found so much favor in the eyes of thoso
elected to judge.
From the observatory on the hill, high
over the university grounds, the view is
down past classic buildings, gorgeous
columns and fountains and spacious
squares. Through the center runs Uni
versity avenue, entering as a street from
the city Into the grounds, developing at
once Into a grand causeway, then Into a
luxuriant grove, and then striking the
foot of the hill. It becomes a greensward
that sweeps up the slope to a plane that
looks far out beyond the Golden Gate to
the far distant horizon, where the blue
of a thousand fathoms of water and a mil
lion miles of sky . meet and merge.
The buildings are all low and solid and of
the same general style. So far, however,
the style has been only Indicated. The
THE BENARD PLAN. VIEWED FROM THE BOTANICAL GARDENS AND UP UNIVERSITY AVENUE TO THE
OBSERVATORY. FROM THE FOOT OF THE HILL, TO NEAR THE OBSERVATORY A GREEN BWARD
MARKS THE CONTINUATION OF THE AVENUE.
Water and Forest Association Elects
Officers for Ensuing Year and
Adjourns After a Success
ful Convention.
The convention of the Water and Forest
Association of California terminated yes
terday, and If the plans of the body are
carried out the future should witness a
remarkable Increase In the waters of th»
State and in the acreage of its forests.
The most Interesting part of the pro
ceedings, was an address by W. H. Mills,
who had facts and figures at his fingers'
ends to show that unless steps were taken
to prevent the cutting of timber In Cali
fornia a period of commercial depression
would surely result. Mr. Mills eald la
part:
I have been asked to speak to you on tho
subject of the forests and water supply of
California, and there it not a ' more vital sub
ject before the peopl© of our State. The de
struction of our forest lands has resulted In
climatic changes and our rainfall has grown
considerably less. The earth is the source of
all wealth and Is the true source of empire,
end agriculture is tho world's foundation.
When I was recently in Paris I was impressed
by the pitiful showing made by Spain, which
at one time was mistress of the world. Do
jou know what first started the decline of that
great nation? I will tell you. It was the cut
ting of her valuable forest lands and the con
sequent decrease In her • rainfall. Without
moisture agriculture languished and the whole
fabric of commerce fell apart. la California
we depend on agriculture, and the conditions
at present must be changed, in that a stop
must be put to the cutting of our timber,
which causes a decrease In our supply of
water. ¦ England Is no longrer the great ex
porter of the world, for her coal supply has
diminished. That little country, on account of
her fuel deposits, had a producing capacity of
£00.000.000 men. When she finds that her coal
Increases In price the capacity of production
will decline, for the Increased cost of power
comes out of the profits of Industry. In 1890
calculations were made that America could
supply the whole world with coal for the next
hundred' years, but a study of the statistic*
for the past ten years and the Increase tn our
population shows that In twenty-five years our
coal supply will be exhausted, that Is If tho
ratio of increase In machinery and people con
tinues.
I quota these figure* to you to ask you not
to relax your efforts to secure the preservation
of our forests, which are the life principle of
our very existence. Not only must wo protect
tho trees standing, but we must take steps for
the planting; of new forests. Germany has 35,
000,000 acres of forests planted by the Govern
ment, and In consequence she has conserved
the rainfall, - Increased ber Industries and ha»
advanced from a fifth-rate power to one of
first rank. In twenty-five years Germany will
to the greatest commercial power In the world,
and It will be due to the very questions we
have discussed here for the past two days.
You have no idea of tho ruthless destruction
of Umber In this State. Thlrty-flvo million feet
of lumber were cut last year In tho MoCloud
Valley, and this Is only one Instance of what
Is being done In the way of bringing' this State
to ruin. Aa England's prosperity declines on
account of her coal deposits becominr- smaller,
bo surely does ruin stare us in tho face in this
State because of the decline In our rainfall
due to the destruction of the forests.
At this very time nearly half a million of
young trees are being cut by tho vandals of
commerce, who sell them for use as Chrestmas
trees. A, man who cuts down one of these
young- trees In order that he may make a few
cents should be sent to the penitentiary for
the rest of his life. The States of the Middle
West are denuded of their timber and the time
is coming when tho Pacific Coast States will
be looked to to furnish the needed supply.
We need not put a stop to the cutting of all
timber, but we must take such steps that for
every tree which Is cut another shall be planted
In itt place. Let us hope that tho time is
coming when California shall have tho proud
record of being the great forest country of
the world.
On the subject of election of officers for
the enBulng year the convention by a ris
ing vote adopted the recommendations of
the committee on nominations, with the
following result:
William Thomas, president; T. C. Freldlan
dfcr, secretary; F. W. Dohrmann. treasurer.
Vice presidents— N. P. Chlpman. Red Bluff;
L. A. Xares. Fresno: J. Rosa Clark, Los An
geles. Advisory council— J. D. Wwks, .Los
Angelcn; W. H. Mills, San Francisco; Benja
min Ide Wheeler, San Francisco; R. Barcar,
Vacavllle; W. B. Bmythe, Standish; T. J.
Field Monterey; C. M. Belshaw, Antloch; F.
Eaton. Los AnftMes; E. EX Adams. Wrights;
W S Green. Cofuea: C. W. Thomas. Wood
land; "C. D. Marx. Palo Alto; F. Soule, Berke
ley; W. 8. MeUck, Pasadena.
The following named gentlemen were
appointed by the president to act as ex
ecutive council: W. H. Beatty. A. R.
Brlfrgs. Timothy Hopkins, F. J. Symmes,
E. B. Willis and A. J. Plllsbury. A reso
lution was carried that the president, sec
retary and treasurer also act as members
of the executive, body.
The committee on resolutions presented
a number of bills for presentation to the
Legislature, which were adopted by the
convention, all the bills following the line
of the resolutions presented during the
first day of the convention. A feature of
yesterday's meeting was the cordial feel-
Ing expressed by all the speakers In the
work of the association, and the majority
of the speeches were more in tho line of
seeking information as to the resolutions.
The bills adopted were for the amend
ment of the present laws governing the de
struction of forests by fire and to provide
stringent measures for the detection and
punishment of the offenders by fine and
Imprisonment; for the consolidation of the
forest administration under one head un
der the supervision of the Department of
Agriculture; for the formation of an Irri
gation commission of California; for the
creation by the President of the United
States of the Stoney Creek reservation;
for the consolidation of the work of forest
reservations, now distributed in several
departments; for securing from Congress
appropriations of $250 000 for Irrigation
survey by the geological department, and
$100,000 for the Department of Agriculture
for the same purpose in this State: for
legislation to permit irrigation districts
organized under the "Wright Irrigation law
and which have a bonded or other indebt
edness to compromise and liquidate such
Indebtedness in any equitable manner as
may be agreed upon between such dis
tricts and their creditors;- for the storage
of flood waters and for the withdrawal
by the Federal Government from public
entry of all lands utilized for storage pur
poses; -for the withdrawal of all timber
lands from private entry, and to provide
for proper forestry system.
On motion of Llpplncott of the Geolog
ical Survey a resolution was adopted that
Congress be requested to provide that res
ervoir and canal sites be withdrawn from
public entry, as provided by law, by the
director of the Geological Survey, and that
said sites may not be renled upon by in
dividuals or corporations until relin
quished by said director, and that when
such sites are renled upon with the per
mission of the director of the Geological
Survey all persons refiling on the sites
shall be required to give sufficient bonds
for the proper completion of the proposed
work.
Congressman-elect Frank Coombs brief
ly addressed the convention on similar
lines to those expressed by Mr. Mills, and
after President Thomas had thanked the
convention for having re-elected him to
office the convention adjourned, subject to
the call. of the executive committee.
W. H. Mills Declares Life
Imprisonment Should
Be Penalty.
CUTTING YOUNG
TREES SHOULD BE
PENAL OFFENSE
Uke superstitious tales of a phantom
ship, weird stories of happenings In tne
;:ves of Caj>ta3n John R. Craicen and
I^itaa. Mabel Taylor F.board the British
bark Meianope are being dally told, only
to be dwiied by those most Interested who
went dawn to the sea with those whose
j-^ssing gave to the vessel the name,
"the ship of death." A story of a miss
::-g fortune— of a shining mass of gold
that has disappeared— was the latest tala
told In connection with the last voyat»>
• i the Meianope, and tins tale was denied
; ef terday in Judge Troutt's court.
Captain John K. Ciaigen, with Miss
a.ylor for a companion, s*et sail for Sau
rar.cisco on the Mtianope months ago.
a Melanope came into port under the
-ndance of Mate Charles Green, whoso
g showed that both the captain and hi*
mpaaton had died on the voyage. Rel
ives of Miss Taylor filed a claim to tho
«sel. alleging that Captain Craigen had
-C-ded the vessel to his fair companion.
heugrh his wile and children, who liveii
New Jersey, survived him and were
¦Pendent upon him fur support. A con-
»i in tfco probate c-ourt was instituted.
lit wsLfc Iir_bulj uropj>oa. and the Melan
•. waa so:d for tne oeneni of Captain
raigea'a family for SS3.5KX).
u r.en he set sail fur iu;s port Captain
raises! was tuppostd to nave earned
manning several thou-
a l.im a. bag c
ir.d dollars in pold. Yesterday an inves
gation was instituted at the instance of
itorseyi L»rury & L.ynch. who represent
laifce:: .- heirs, to locale, if possible, the
lissins mor.ey. A citation was issued
¦ .mniar.dir.g Mate Green to appear and
".¦II the story c £ the supposed treasure.
A Queer story of the sta resulted.
Two if the crew oi the bark. John
Baumkirk and William Bellie. were called
lo the stand. They stated that after the
tkath of Captain craigen they looked one
day down through the skylight in his
cabin, to aid their imaginations in their
r::us:r.gs over the fast and unfortuna'.o
life he led aboard the vessel, when great
was their surprise to see Mate Green sit
ting at me table counting over piles of
fold. Mr. Dnxty went deeper into the m-
destination and endeavored to show that
the amount of g-old the Bailors saw" was
about 16000, but they had no Idea of the
amount. There was a pile of It. they
said, and ihat was all they knew.
•'1 looked down through the .skylight
and saw him counting the sold — I am sure
tt was gold," said Baumkirk. "Thre^
other tailors who recently shipped again
and are now at sea saw him count the
gold. I could not tell whether or not It
was In Enelish or American coin, but I
could tell that It was gold."
Sailor Bellle took the stand and corrob
orated Baumkirk. He told in detail how
they watched the counting: of tho sold
and when this work was ov^r they re
treated from the skylight and resumed
their duties.
Mate Green was called to the stand and
at once entered on a denial of the story.
"There were a few souvenir coins m
the cabin and that was a_l," said Green.
If the sailors saw him handling coin It
was the souvenir coins and nothing more,
he thought. After a long examination th»
witness finally admitted, however, thai
St had been Captain Craigen's usual cus-
T«>rn to carry considerable treasure on the
vessel. As Green was positive in his de
nial that any pold was found by him save
the coins mentioned, a continuance ¦was
taken, until next Tuesday. In the mean
time Drary and Lynch will search for
further evidence to support their belief
that thousands were on tiie vessel after
Captain Craiiren'e death, and that the
fam« has beer, unlawfully taken, away.
He Denies Their Story and Asserts
That They Probably Saw Him
Examining a Few Souve
nir Coins.
Sailors Swear They Saw
the Mate Counting Gold
in the Cabin.
WEIRD TALE
OF TREASURE ON
BARK MELANOPE
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, DECEMBER 15, 1900.
BENARD'S PLANS SUBMITTED TO THE
REGENTS AND ADOPTED WITH THEIR
THANKS TO MRS. HEARST, THE DONOR
9
POSTUM CEEEAL.
THE FRUITS
Of Coffee Drinking.
"The fruits or result*, in my cas«, of
coffee <Srtnklng. were sallcxw complexion,
almost total loss of appetite, as well as
sleeplessness and slugplsh circulation.
"I was aJso very bilious and consti-
pated most of the time for eight yearo,
and became so nervous that I \ras unable
to 6o any mental labor and was fast ap-
proaching a condition where there would
have been no help for me.
"I am convinced that If T had con-
tinued using coffee much longer the re-
fjlt would have been a total mental and
physical wreck.
"I sometimes think the all-wiee Provi-
<5*>rice looks after us In trouble; at any
rate, when I was In despair a friend
urped me to give up coffee entirely and
uw PoPtum. giving the reasons why. It
was hard for me to believe that so eom-
racn a beverage as coffee was the cause
cf my trouble, but I made the change,
and from the first trial experienced a
benefit and Improvement. My com-
plexion has Improved, th© nervousness
gone, as well as the bilious trouble and
e leepWsne*?*, and I am completely cured
of Flupglsh circulation. In fact. I am
well, and the return to health has been
directly traced to leaving off coffee and
using Postum Food Coffee. . I recom-
mend Postum to all coffee wrecks with-
out a single reservation."— James D.
Klmbell. Isabella Btreet, Northampton,
Mas a.
THE DISCOVERER OF
Lydia E. Pinkham's Vegetable Compound
The Great Woman's Remedy for Woman's Ills.
rjL -^^ / * \>->/ CJ^£s <^%P
No other medicine in the world has received such widespread
and unqualified endorsement.
No other medicine has such a record of cures of female troubles
or such hosts of grateful friends. -=?*-*
Do not be persuaded that any other medicine is just as good.
Any dealer who asks you to buy something else when you go into
his store purposely to buy Lydia E. Pinkham's Vegetable Compound,
has no interest in your case. He is merely trying to sell you some-
thing on which he can make a larger profit. He does not care
whether you get well or not, so long as he can make a little more
money out of your sickness. If he wished you well he would
without hesitation hand you the medicine you ask for, and which he
knows is the best woman's medicine in the world.
Follow the record of this medicine, and remember that these
thousands of cures of women whose letters are constantly printed
in this paper were not brought about by " something else," but by
Lydia Em Pinkham'a Vegetable Compound,
The Great Woman's Remedy for Woman's Ills,
Those women who refuse to accept anything else are rewarded
a hundred thousand times, for they get what they want — a cure.
Moral — Stick to the medicine that you know is Best ,*,
When a medicine has been successful in restoring
to health more than a million women, you cannot
well say without trying: it, *' I do not believe it will
help me." If you are ill, do not hesitate to get a bot-
tle of Lydia E. Pinkham's Vegetable Compound at
once/ and write Mrs. Pinkham, Lynn, Mass., for
special advice. It is free and helirful.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
UNDER THE MISTLETOE
BOUGH,
Or wherever else femininity Is a consider-
ation, a iran must be at his best— not only
as to physique, but es to general "get up.
His linen above all should be beyon<i criti-
cism. If you bring your soiled linen ber«
we'll make It as white as Christmas snow,
and old Banta Claua will vouch for you to
the prettiest girl In town.
"No saw edges."
Domestic finish for full dress shirts if
you order It.
UNITED STATES LAUNDRY
Office 1OO4 Market Street
Telephone— South 42O. *
Oakland Office— 62 San Pablo Ave.
DR. MEYERS &C0 4^9%
Specialists. Disease gSp^ . ' I
and weakness of irafr
men. Established **Sf
1881. Consultation VTgJ f&Py~{
and private book vat'*, I /-A
free, at office or by Sky >£SL *
taall. Cures gruar- iStAV^jbpqy
anteed. 731 Mar- <^t£#!!ffl
tet street (el«vator nKflSfci?a'
•ntrance). San Ns^^^^fe l^New York Stock Market.
TCEW TOPJC, Dec 14.— The stock market to
day Illustrated again Its astonishing reslllrncy
and undf-rlyin* absorptive powers. The faith
of capital In the Intrinsic merits of securities
end In the country's prosperity could not have
b*«n more strikingly demonstrated than by
fueh movement as to-day. Wall street has
lived for some time past as In abounding con
fidence that the securities were bound to go up
after the fxigencies of the yearly settlements
had be-«n met and the money supply replenished
by a reflux of funds by disbursements of did
idend* of interest, but the large encroachment
making on the money market has caused a
dreaa that price* in the stock market were
lisble to be toppled over by a squeeze In the
money market and a forcing of speculative li
quidation. It was not until late to-day that a
rotation of the market enigma was offered In
the intimation that the losses by the banks
during the week which are conclusively shown
by the known movements of the money has
been offset by a gain of over $4,000,000 from some
local sources. This Intimation coming on top
of a series of favorable developments threw
the market Into a state of boiling animation
and buoyancy. The eager buying demand came
from all sources, professional bears who were
ehort on the market competing anxiously with,
the rampant bulls, who distributed their buying
orders with a lavish hand all through the list.
The contrast was a striking one with the con
ditions at the close last night, when not even
the •phenomenal advance In the Erie stocks
was able to overcome the uneasiness of spec
ulators over the palpable showing of absorption
by the Sub-Treasury of practically enough to
completely wipe out the surplus reserves of
the banks. The misplaced confidence of bear
operator* in last night'* selling was an im
portant factor In emphasizing to-day's advance.
The full Ftrength of the market was by no
means manifest In the early dealings, although
the outburst In the Wabash securities had a
fortifying effect. Even the Industrials and
Kjrf-r'altli-s which hung back in the early deal-
Ings recovered buoyantly to above last night's
close, fc't. Paul rose nearly 4 point* and a
long list cf railroad stocks advanced from 1 to
2 points. Just what Is the source of the special
movement of cash whlcn has oOset the week's
outgo to the Bub-Treasury is not definitely dle
cloeed, tmt ta* belief la jeneral that It Is
Treasure Shipment.
The City of Rio de Janeiro took out a treas
cre !!st of $135,769. consisting of $27,S09 tn Mex
ican dollars. J24C0 In gold coin and $106,000 In
silver bullion.
National Income and Outgo.
For the first five months cf the fiscal year
the Government receipts compare as follows:
1S99. 1900.
Customs S94.769.SS6 JIOO.000,747
Internal revenue 127,225,651 1SL853.466
Miscellaneous 16,039,153 13,123.140
Total $238,034,890 $244,935,353
The disbursements for the same Interval
compare :» follows:
1S99. WOO.
Civil J4S.4S3.C77 $52,053,058
War CS.773.322 7S.401.72S
Navy 23.S24.235 25.2*5.718
Indians 4.J82.C28 4.813.976
rvnslcms €1,4X5.166 61.156,475
Interest 2L402.E72 16.198,579
Total f224,C21,0O0 $232,8S9,t,S4
Raisins and Prunes in Nezv York.
Mail advices frcm New York Bay: "Both
raisins are lower on epot. California London
Izyer* ar*> quotable from about $1 45<J?1 60. with
Flow deniand from the Jobbing trade. Some
peculation is under way on the 3-erown lay
rrs that were sold at Wednesday's sale. Around
3<«>Q tvoxee have be<?n refold, it is understood,
et tl SO. Full ftandapi loose Muscatels, under-
Ftood ta be association goods, are offered on
the spot at a pubstar.iial cut under the as
sociation prices. Maiaga raisins are easier
alKO.
"Prun*-*" a.pe lower on the spot. Santa. Claxa»
fcping f ffered on a basis of a cut of He under
afFiciati^n prices for meet sizes. Peaches are
rather f.rrti. with «ujplies on the spot far
from large. Fancy gooes are In fair demand
frr>m the regular jobblnc trade. Apricots are
ouy and neglected. Currants are easier. Some
oil AmaHas are offered at about x ic under the
quotations. Demand for currants continues
fair, the easier market here being due to the
pluir.p in the Kngllsh markets. Figs are easier.
Yesterday's sale rpsulted in low prices and
the quality of goods was poor.
"Prim* evaporated apples are slightly easier,
with rumored sales at 4'iC. Fancy and choice
ere fairly steady, with borne demand. Waste
and rh-^f continue very strong.
"Brazil nuts ar» Btrontr and advancing. Sup
ply en epot Is being reduced quite rapidly.
Jordan Ehelled almonds are lower, as are
eheUed pecans."
Weather Report.
(120th Meridian-Pacific Time.)
SAN FRANCISCO. Dec. 14—6 p. m.
The following ere the seasonal rainfalls to
Catr. «s compared with those of the same date
left season, and rainfall tn the last twenty
four hours:
s-M Francisco data: Maximum temperature,
60; minimum. 4?; mean, 56.
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
FORECAST.
The pressure has fallen rapidly during the
pj=« twenty-four hours over Idaho and 'West
ern Montana. There has been a quick rise
t'or.g the Pacific Coast from Point Reyes to
Cape Blanco. The Ftorm on the Washington
cr*rt ir moving slowly Inland and will prob
ably cause unsettled weather Saturday over
th»- greater portion of the Pacific elope.
Reports are missing from Southern Callfirmia
and Arizona. Rain has fallen from Fresno
nwthward. At Neah Bay 1.36 Inches is re
ported. A thunder-storm has occurred at San
FYancisoo.
The following maximum wind velocities are
r*TT"ted: Eaji Francisco, 48 miles per hour
from the south; Mount Tamalpais. 50 from the
vest; Pnint Reyes. CO from the south; Sacra
mento. Si from the south: Winnemucca, 60
from the Fouthweet; Portland, 31 from the
«^'inh.
Foiwa5t made at San Francisco for thirty
r.fury ending midnight, D»c«»mber 15, 1900:
Northern California — Cloudy, unsettled
meathT Saturday, with shower* in northern
(nil central portion; fr*^>h southerly winds.
Southern California — Cloudy Saturday; occa
sional shower* ; light southerly winds.
Nevada— Rain or snow Saturday.
I'tah— Ra'.n or enow Saturday.
Arizona— Rain or snow in northern portion,
cinudy In e^Hithern portion Saturday.
San Francisco and vicinity — Occasional show
er* Saturday; fresh southwest winds.
ALEXANDER G. McADIE,
Forecast Official.
Exchange and Bullion.
Sterling Exchange, 60 days — $4 gl\4
Sterling Exchange, Bight — 4 83^
Sterling Cables — 4 SSV4
New York Exchange, sight — 2^4
New York Exchange, telegraphic — E
Fine Silver, per ounce ........... — 84^4
Mexican Dollars, nominal 50% Q 51
Wheat and Other Grains.
WHEAT— Paris and New York were lower.
Chicago opened dull and easy, with a narrow
market, though a fair demand fo/ export was
reported. Minneapolis wired that almost all
the Pillsbury ir^Us had resumed, and that all
would be running by Monday. They reported
a good demand for Flour.
This market was off, both on call and in the
shipping market, with not much going on.
Spot Wheat— Shipping, 97%c; Milling, $1 02H
@1 05 per ctl.
CALL BOARD SALES,
Informal Session — 9:15 o'clock — May — 12,000
ctls, $1 03%. .
Second Session — No sales.
Regular Morning Session— December— 2000 ctla,
97»ic.
Afternoon Session— May — 1000 ctls, $1 O-l'/i-
December— 1900 — 4000 ctls, $1 09»£.
BARLEY — The market stands precisely as
before quoted, and 13 very dull. I
Feed. 7cc for choice bright, 72*$c for No. 1
acd 67 I >4@'70c for off grades; Brewing and Ship
ping grades, 77%@82M:C; Chevalier, nominal.
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal Session— 9:15 o'clock— No sales.
Second Session— No sales.
Regular Morning Session — No sales.
Afternoon Session — December — 2000 ctls, 73%o.
OATS — The market continues very strong,
black and red being particularly firm. Stocks
of both are down to almost nothing, and most
of the Oats here are milling. Dealers have
b*en holding off for a long while, but they are
now forced to buy, hence the demand Is brisk.
White, $1 30®l 50; Surprise, nominal; Red, $1 25
Ql 40 for feed and $1 33@1 45 for seed; Gray,
nominal; Black, for feed, $1 15@1 20; for seed,
$1 2501 80 per ctl.
CORN — All kinds of yellow are well cleaned
up. White is dull, but rather firmer. Cali
fornia Yellow, $1 1501 20; California White,
$1 10@l 16; Eastern mixed, %l 12%@1 15 per ctl.
RYE-8o@S7%c per ctl.
BUCKWHEAT— Quoted at $1 75@3 per «L
Flour and Millstuffs.
FLOUR— California Family Extras, $3 25®
8 CO, usual term 3; Bakers' Extras, $3 15@3 25:
Oregon, $2 75^2 85 per barrel for family and
$2 7503 for bakers' ; Washington, bakers',
$2 7533.
MILLSTTJFFS— Prices In sacks are as fol
lows, usual discount to the trade: Graham
Flour, S3 per 100 lbs; Rye Flour. $2 75; Rye
Meal. $2 50; Rice Flour, $7; Corn Meal. $2 75;
extra cream do. $3 50; Oat Groats. $4 50; Hom
iny. $3 60S3 75; Buckwheat Flour. $4<8>4 25:
Cracked Wheat, $3 50; Farina. $1 50; Whole
Wheat Flour, $3 25; Rolled Oats (barrels), *6@
7 25; In sacks, $5 75©7; Pearl Barley,. $5; Split
Peas. $5; Green Peas, $5 50 per 100 lbs.
Hay and Feedstuffs.
There was no Hay market yesterday ' morn
tng, owing to the rain. Feedstuffs were un
changed.
BItAN— $14 B0@15 60 per, ton.
MIDDLINGS— $16 5O4?1S 50 per ton.
FEEDSTUFFS— Rolled Barley. $16«I17 per
ton; Oilcake Meal at the mill, S25@26; jobbing,
$28 60; Cocoanut Cake. $17@18; Corn Meal, $26 &
26 50; Cracked Corn. $26 60©27; Mixed Feed. $15
&IS.
HAT— Volunteer. »5@8: Wheat. $11013 50;
Wheat and Oat. $10^12 50: Oat, $9<S12; Clover,
nominal; .Alfalfa, $S@9 60; Barley, $7 50@3 CO
per ton. ;
STRAW— 35@47%c per bale.
Beans and Seeds.
¦ White Beans continue to lead the other kinds
in activity and firmness, though no further ad
vance Is reported.
BEANS— liayos. ¦ $2 65@2 75; Small White.
$4 8504 50; Large -White. $3 35@3 60; Pink, $2©
*:15; Red. $2 75@3 00; Blackeye. $3; Limas, $6 85
@6 40; Pea, $4 25®4 60; Red Kidney, $3 75®*
per.ctl.i ,-..: -.•¦„.¦:_-' -. . - .. ¦ ...- ¦..--._. ¦„ ,- .
SEEDS— Brown i' Mustard, " nominal; '. Yellow
On the Stock and Bond Exchange there was
an advance In Gas and Electric to J4S 60 and a
subsequent decline to $43. The other stocks
were quiet.
Business 'was consld?rably quieter on the
Oil Exchange, as will be seen below.
STOCK AND BOND EXCHANGE.
FRIDAY. Dec 14—2 p. m.
UNITED STATES BONDS.
Bld.Ask. • BId.Ask.
4s quar coup..U5%116% Is do cp (new).138%13S%
4s do reg 114%115i4 3s do coup.... — 110%
MISCELLANEOUS BONDS.
Bay Co P Co.104% — Oak Water 5s. .104% —
Cal-st Cab 8s. 119 — Oceanic SS Es.110%111
C C Water, Es.109 — OmCRy 6s...l2s' v&\L
Ed L & P 6s... 131 — Pac O Imp 4s.l01 —
F & Cl Ry 6s. — — P & Cl Ry 6s.. 106 —
Geary-st R 5s. — 81 P & O R R 6S.115V4
H C & S 5%s.. — — Powell-st R 63.118 —
Do 5s 102% — Sac E G&R 5s. 9y%l00
L A Ry 5s.... - 111% S F & SJV Bs.119% -
L A Lt Co 6s.. — 103 S R of Cal Gs.. — 113
Do gntd 6s... — — 8 P R of A 6s.llSS4ll4
L A gntd Es.... — 102 8 P C 6s (1906
L A P R R 5s. 100 — (Series A).... 1C9U _
Market-st 6s.. .128% — Do (Series B)U0% —
Do 1st M Cs.122%— • Do (1906) 112 112»i
N C N G R 7s. — 114 Do (1912).... 121 _
N R of Cal 6s.ll«»4 — S P R 1st g 6s 107U —
Do 5s 119 — S P R 6s.... 131 —
N P C R R 63.101 — S V Water 6s. 114% —
Do 5s 108 — Do 4s — 101
N Cal Ry 6s. ..110% — Do 2d mtge.101U.Krii
Onk G L & H.110% — Stktn Gas 6s 101 103
Oak Tran fis.. — —
WATER STOCKS.
Contra Costa.. 70% — ; Spring Valley. W« 941'
Marln County. 51V* — 1
GAS AND ELECTRIC STOCKS.
Cent L & P Co — 4H Pac L Co 44H
Eqult G L Co. 3% 3»4 Sac E G&R Co — 33
Mutual L Co. 7 8 S F G & E.. 47% 48%
0 U 1. A H.... 50 — Ban Francisco 4> 4fe
Pac Gas Imp. 47% — Stktn G&E Co — " 14
INSURANCE STOCKS.
Flrem's Fund. 228 —
BANK STOCKS.
Anglo-Cal Ltd. 75 80 First Natlonal.310 —
HaiiK 01 Cai...4'J!» — Lon P « A 143 145
Cal S D & T.. - 103V4 Merchants' Ex 16 —
SAVINGS BANKS.
Ger S & L..1850 1899 S*v fe L So... -
Hum S & L... — — Sec Sav Bk..275 325
Mu». Bav Bk... no — Union T Co — —
S F Sav Un..523 —
STREET RAILROAD STOCKS.
California ....129%— IOSL&H.... 39 46
Oeary-Ft 45 — Presidio il a
Market-st .... 70 70&1
POWDER STOCKS.
California — l£0 Vlgorit ........ 3U 3H
Giant Con Co. 84 84^4
SUGAR STOCKS.
1 tana S P Co. 7»i 7%|ICIlauea f Or. *t jiu
I<aw ' ft S o !K» ¦ (Makawell S Co 42 42H
Honokaa 8 Co. 314 31% Onomea S Co. 28 23
Hutch 8 P Co. 25V» 26 ' Paauhau S Co. 31% 32tf
MISCELLANEOUS STOCKS.
Al Pack Assn.12414125 Pac A F A 2%1 —
Cal Fruit Asn.103 104 Pac C Bor Co. — —
M< i kx a*mi.. *t i-rft Par Paint Co.. 12% —
Oceanic S Co.. 103% 104
Mornln: Session.'
Board —
120 Alaska Packers' Association 124 75
230 Equitable Gas 3 37U
11000 Loe Angeles Ry Ss bonds 11 go'
5 Oakland Gas .• 50 00
•65 8 F Gas & Electrio Co 43 00
30 S F Gas & Electric Co 43 50
25 S F Gas & Electric Co ;. 48 25
$2000 S P of A bonds.. 113 87^
13 Spring Valley Water 94 00
$1000 Spring Valley 4s bonds (3d mtge)....101 87VS
$1000 Spring Valley 4s bonds (3d mtgc) 1C2 00
Street—
65 Giant. Powder Con S4 00
DO Makawell •. 42 00
Afternoon Session.
10 Alaska Packers' Association ...124 73
$1000 California-street Railroad bonds... 119 00
25 Equitable Gas 3 37U
B0 Hara Plantation Co 7 25™
10 Market-street Railway 70 25
$2000 Northern Ry of Cal 5s bonds 119 23 •
305 S F Gas & Electric Co 43 00
100 S F Gas & Electric Co. ¦ 90 43 00
Street— . .
10 First National Bank 310 00
50 Makawell 42 00
150 Paauhau S P Co.... 32 00
'. 50 Spring Valley Water 94 00
PRODUCERS* OIL EXCHANGE.
Moraine Session.
Board—' •
200 Caribou „ B7
15 Caribou f...... 53
200 Four Oil Co..................... 4$
200 Hanford-Fresno-Kern River..... 42
20i) Home Oil 4 30
20 Hcmestake ....'. 1060
10CO AfcKlttrick Consolidated 40
250 Monarch of Arizona 40
BOO Reed Crude Oil Co 50
20 San Joaquin Oil & Dev 9 i<>ii
100 San Joaquln Oil & Dev. b 5 9 25
. 180 San Joaquin Oil & Dev 9 25
1000 Wolverine 1 40
Street—
¦ 1000 Caribou 60
250 Monarch of Arizona V.. ..'........ 42
100 San Joaquln Oil & Dev........... 9 25
123 Sterling O &, D Co........... 2 33
100 Home Oil 4 25
100 Occidental of West Virginia 68
Afternoon Session.
n mi iuiiii|iiiwiMiiniiimiii
100 Hanford-Fresno-Kern River ...... 41
200 Home Oil ...;..... 4 25
300 Home Oil 4 15
700 Independence ....'." ; ....:...¦ 23
100 Lion Oil Co..... 31
2O0 McKittrtck Consolidated , 40
600 Monarch of Arizona. 40
50 Monarch of Arizona. ...•..*.............' 41
3000 Reed Crude Oil Co. a a........ ;.„..., $0
THE STOCK MARKET.
connected with the payment of tho Standard
Oil dividend, which was due to-morrow, and
which amounts to $10,000,000.
The bond market showed a large volume of
dealings and prices advanced, the securities
most notably affected being of the same com
panies as those In the stock market. Total
tales, par value, $3,230,000. United States bonds
were all unchanged on the last call.
NEW YORK STOCK LIST.
Shares Closing
Bold. Stocks— Bid.
Atchiaon —.., 41
Atchlson prefd 86%
Baltimore & Ohio gl%
Canadian Pacific 87
Canada Southern 68%
Chesapeake & Ohio 38%
Chicago Great Western it
Chicago Burlington & Qulncy 1SSH
Chicago Ind & Louisville 25
Chicago Ind & Louisville prefd 80%
~ Chicago & Eastern Illinois 9&H '
Chicago & Northwestern 169 I
Chicago Rock Island & Paclflo.../.116?i ;
C C C & St Louis 67H
_ Colorado Southern 7S I
Colorado Southern 1st prefd 44*i !
Colorado Southern 2d prefd ....1^8\ |
Delaware & Hudson 120**
- Delaware Lack & Western 187
Denver & Rio Grande 25«»
Denver & Rio Grande prefd. ....... *0V
Erie 19%
Erie 1st prefd 50?i
Great Northern prefd 1S1**
Hocking Coal 16
Hocking Valley _.. 39V4
Illinois Central 125' 4
Iowa Central 19»*
Iowa Ce-ntral prefd 44\
Le-ke Erie & Western 41
I Lake Erie & Western prefd 110H
I Lake Shore 225
Louisville & Xashvllle 84%
Manhattan L 109»i
Metropolitan Street Railway 167
Mexican Central 13&
Minneapolis & St Louis 67
Minneapolis & St Louis prefd...... 100 I
Missouri Pacific eiM I
Mobile & Ohio 43 I
Missouri Kansas & Texas 14%
Missouri Kansas & Texas prefd.... 39% |
New Jersey Central 143 I
Xew York Central 142H
Xorfolk & Western 43%
Norfolk & Western prefd 8Ui
Northern Pacific 72'*
Northern Pacific prefd 83 l 4
Ontario & Western 2S**
Oregon Railway & Xav 42
Oregon Railway A Nar prefd 76
Pennsylvania 142T4
Reading 23%
_ Reading 1st prefd 68
Reading 2d prefd 36%
Rto Grande Western 63
_ Rio Orande Western prefd 93
St Louis & San Fran 19%
St Louis & San Fran 1st prefd 75
St Louis & San Fran 2d prefd 49^
St Louis Southwestern 15*4,
_ St Louis Southwestern prefd 88V4
St Paul 130Vi
St Paul prefd 180
....... St Paul & Omaha 120
Southern Pacific 42%
Southern Railway lS*i '
Southern Railway prefd _. 6S% (
Texas & Pacific 2214
Union Pacific 73
Union Pacific prefd 81%
Wabash 13%
Wabash prefd -.- 26»i
»..—_ Wheeling & Lake Erie im
Wheeling & Lake> Erie 24 prefd 25%
Wisconsin Central 12%
P C &. S S L 56
Third Avenue 115'/4
Baltimore & Ohio prefd 83V4
Xatlonal Tube 61»i
....... National Tube prefd 103
Express Companies—
Adams 145
American ...: 170
United States 51
Wells Fargo 135
Miscellaneous—
American Cotton Oil 31
American Cotton Oil prefd 90*4
American Malting 5%
American Malting prefd 25H
American Smelting & Refining 54%
American Smelting & Refining pfd. 96V4
American Spirits 2
American Spirits prefd 17
American Steel Hoop 30%
American Steel Hoop prefd 77H
American Ste<*l & Wire *i%
American Steel & Wire prefd 87%
American Tin Plate 49%
' American Tin Plate prefd 89^4
American Tobacco IOS'4
American Tobacco prefd 130
Anaconda Mining Co 47
Brooklyn Rapid Transit 74
Colorado Fuel & Iron 51*4
Continental Tobacco i 35%
Continental Tobacco prefd 90
Federal Steel 62%
Federal Steel prefd 77$«
Oneral Electric 170%
Glucose Sugar 52%
Glucose Sugar prefd : 100
International Paper 22^4
International Paper prefd 71H
Laclede Gas 70
National Biscuit 37
National Biscuit prefd 90Mi
National Lead 20%
...*.... National Lead prefd 93
National Steel , 38V4
National Steel prefd 92
New York Air Brake 1G0
North American 18%
Pacific Coast 58»A
Pacific Coast 1st prefd 85
Pacific Coast 2d prefd 65
Pacific Mail 43
People's Gas 98%
Prossed Steel Car 50
Pressed Steel Car prefd 83
Pullman Palace Car 199V£
Standard Rope & Twine »
Sugar 12*%
Sugar prefd 114H
Tennessee Coal & Iron 61%
United States Leather 13N
United States Leather prefd 74H
United States Rubber 29
Vnlted States Rubber prefd 81
Western Union SAVt
Republic Iron & Steel 16%
Republic Iron & Steel prefd 63*4
Amalgamated Copper 90%
1,244,500 Shares sold.
MINING STOCKS.
Adam Con 20! Little Chief 15
Alice 40 Ontario 6 00
Breece 2 On Ophlr 60
Brunswick Con .. 13 Phoenix 10
Comstock Tunnel. 40[Potosi 12
Con Cal & Va — 130'Savage 05
Deadwood 55'Sierra Nevada. ' 24
Horn Silver 1 12 Small Hopes I 50
Iron Silver 80 Standard 2 85
Lcadvllle Con .... 05
London Market.
NEfW YORK, Dec. 14.— The Commercial Ad
vertiser's London financial cablegram says:
There was little doing In the markets here
to-day and the tone was dull, the newt of tha
reverse In the Transvaal suggesting that the l
war in South Africa Is still lively. Another
checking influence was the Interruption of ithe
Continental telephone service. In Americans
this was another "Erie" day. There was a
fair professional business in these securities,
but the price never attained your parity.
Nevertheless the New York spurt In Erles
strengthened the whole market until profit
taking In New York In Erie stock caused a
heavy close generally, although Wabash was
still wanted here, probably In sympathy with.
Eriea.
Silver was dull In the closing of the French
tender.
CLOSING.
Atchlson. 41%: Canadian Pacific, 89%; Union
Pacific prefd. 83%: Northern Pacific prefd S5-
Grand Trunk. 6H: Anaconda, 9%. Bar silver!
steady. 23 ll-16d per ounce. Money, 2%©3 oer
cent. . '*
Condition of the Treasury.
WASHINGTON, Deo. 14.— Tp-*m*« - *t*te-
LIVERPOOL.
Whea*— r>eo- Feb. Mar.
Opening ju S u
Closing en .^ 9^
Wheat- d»o. Mar.-Juna.
Op* nln « ..~.« 20 10 21 40
Closing _. jo 10 2140
Flouj>—
Opening ..„ 28 X o £7 B6
Closing „ 28 10 Z7 40
Chicago Livestock Market.
CHICAGO, Dec. 14.-CATTLI!>-Receipts, 8000.
Generally steady, Including bleachers' stock.
Good to prime steers, $5 20@5 SO; poor to me
dium. S3 75Q5 25: selected feeders. 13 75® 8 40:
mixed stockers, $2 60©3 75; cows, S2 60®4; heif
ers, $2 80(54 75 j canners, SI 75(J2 40; bulls, ?2 CO
©3 80; calves, $3 6O@5 60; Texas fed steers,
t*<3* 75; grassers, S3 25S'4; bulls, *2 C0C3 20.
HOGS— Receipts to-day, 33,000; to-morrow,
25,000; left over, 3500. Opened active, mostly Be
higher, closed weak; top, $5. Mixed and butch
ers, U 7C@5; good to choice heavy. $4 75@5;
rough, heavy, $4 6C@ 4 70; light, $4 70©4 97%;
bulk of sales. $4 SOS' 4 S3.
SHEEP— Receipts, 7000. Heavy, lower; others
about steady. Lambs, steady to strong; clos
ing easier; good to choice wethers, Jl 10@5 75;
fair to choice mixed, $3 90<g4 10: Western
sheep. *4S4 C5; Texas sheep. $2 50© 3 65; native
lambs, $4 8506: Western lambs, J5©6: Christ
mas lambs, J6£6 25.
New York Metal Market.
JTETW TORK, Dec. 14.— There was a lack of
Important business In all lines of the metal
trade.
Nezv York Cotton Market.
NETV YORK. Dec. 14.— Fluctuations on the
Cotton Exchange to-day approached the sensa
tional movement of last Monday and at times
the volume of trading closely resembled the
business done on that day. Weakness in the
English market led to a decline of 61310 points
on the call here. At midday the market was
2?4 under yesterday's close. At the close the
market was very steady, net unchanged to 7
points higher.
Foreign Markets.
LONDON. Dec. 14.— Consols, 87%. Silver,
29 ll-16d. French rentes, lOlf SOc. Cargoes on
passage, firm, but not active; cargoes Walla
Walla, 2?s Id; English country markets, quiet.
LIVERPOOL, Dec. 14.— WHEAT-Steady;
No. 1 standard California, 6s 2d@6s 2Hd; wheat
in Paris, dull: flour in Paris, dull; French
country markets, dull; weather in England,
COTTON— Uplands, B%d.
CLOSING.
LIVERPOOL, Dec. 14. :— WHEAT — Spot.
quiet; No. 1 California, 6s 2Hd; Xo. 2 red
Western winter. Bs ll%d; No. 1 Northern
spring, 6s 2^4d. Futures, quiet; December,
Bs lid; March, 6b Hd. Corn— Spot, American
mixed, steady; new, 4s3%d; do old, firm,
4s 2*id. Futures, quiet: December, 4s 2v4d;
; January. 3s lOd; JIarch, 3s S%d.
Foreign Futures.
CHICAGO, Dec 14.— Wheat was a dull and
uninteresting market, tho proximity of tho
r^fl,^r~f Ca8On cxert , ln ? «" customary quieting
Influence over speculation.
Corn was dull finding only & narrow profes
nv" m. 1^"?*'* mBer c{o8p( » «o higher at
B.c; May closed HSKc up to Me.
e™n*™£ % 1g££Z U " uat: M<ty closed a 8had#
Provisions were dull and steady, prices being
maintained chiefly by a demand for lard and
i by «^ n ' nflu entlal operator. January pork
closed 2Vio higher and lard and ribs each 2»4c
Improved.
There Is no further rise In Eggs, trat Butter
is dearer. It is not believed, however, that
prices will go much higher this season. The
tendency now Is the other way. <\ .' i
Cannel Coal Is cheaper. % .'
1 Poultry and Game are In very fair supply
and prices show little change from last week.
' There is very little new to note In Fruits and
Vegetables.
Coal, per ton—
Cannel ( ©12 00 Scuthfleld
Wellington .. <a*ll 00 Wellington ©1100
Seattle ....... 9 CO«g> Coos Bay ©760
Dairy Produce, etc. —
Butler, choice, Bq.55@53 Common Eggs .. .351140
Do good 45@50 Ranch Kggd, per
Pickled 35^40 dozen .45950
Tub, per lb 2oit — Honey Comb, per
Cheese, Cal ..15&I7 pound 15®20
Cheese, Eastern... 17 4"0 Do, extracted... 10@12
Cheese, Swiss 20®35
Meats, per lb— ' '
Bacon J2V4@16 Round Steak ....10®—
Beef, choice li$t20 Sirloin Steak ,...15<&—
£>o, good ........ — @12 Porterhouse do ...20<9 —
Cornea Beef —610 Smoked Beef —©15
Ham 13#15 Pork, salt 12^13
Lard .' — ©"IS Pork Chopi 15@18
Mutton 10012 Pork Sausages. .12Hw20
Lamb ~ — §12 V«*l 12©15
Kins, each &0QU Dorea, per doi....83«30
Youne ftooatara, Quail, pr doa.ll 60£1 73
•ach ...C0?G5 KnKlish Snipe, per
Old Roosters, ea..4CKi£0 dozen $2422 S3
Fryers, each ....4Of45 Jack Snipe ..»1 6O«U 76
Broiler*, each 30©40 Mallard. palr.7BcSU 00
Turkeyi, per lb..l$$23JCanvasback ...75c@l CO
Ducks, each ...... 50*360 1 Sprig 6oa>75
Geese, each.. .Jl £0t?l 75 Teal 60®^-
Piceons, pair WgTA Widgeon 40@SO
Rabbits, pair ....40@50 Small Duck 8Og35
Hare, each ....;..— @20 Wild Geese, pair.— ®50
Fruit* and Nut»— •
Almonds, per lb. .lGt?2Ci lemons. doB 1E<325
Apples 40 SIRalslns. per lb — ®—
Bananae, doz ....20<l£2^J Strawberries/ per
Oranges, doz ....15@8n| basket 15020
Limes, per dO2....10®13|V«*alnuts, per lb. .15020
Vegetables-
Asparagus, per lbSO©— 1 Lettuce, per doz.lS($2Q
Artichokes, dz7Sc@Sl 25 1 Onions, per lb.... 3SI
Beets, dor iog>— Okra, dried, n>...— <QZ5
Beans, white, lblO@12ij Peppers, green, lb o'rilQ
Colored, per lb.io<3— Potatoes, per lb. 23j—
Lima, per lb.. 102121s. Sweet Potatoes.lb 30—
Cabbage, each .. 5©— Parsnips, per dz.lO<»—
Cauliflowers, ea... Big 1 — Radlshes.dz bchs.l5@'2Q
Celery, head 60— Sage, doz bnchs.. 25^30
Cress, dor bnchs.15020 String Beans, lb.. 8^13
Cucumbers, pr dzlo!ff25 Thyme, per lb....25§30
Egg Plant, lb.... «®15 Turnips, per dz..l0«S—
Green Peas, lb... 6® 15 Tomatoes, per lb. 8@10
Fish-
Barracuda 12313 Shad 8S10
Carp g@10 Sea Bass —$13
Codfish 12@13 Smelts lift—
Flounders 10<Zfl2 Soles 10® —
Halibut lOiaT.3 STcates, each 8012
Kingfish 92>— Tomcod — *S15
Mackerel 15@>— Clams, gallon 50#—
Do, Horse ....12&tf?~- Do. hardnheH, lb 8@10
Perch 10@12 Crabs, each ....12%@-
Pomptno. 900— Do. softshell. dz40® —
Rockflsh U^9 — Mussels, quart 5019
tS.umon. fresh 20I3 1 — Oysters. Cal. 100.40«SO
Do. «moked ....— W15 Do, Eastern, dz.23O10
Bhrlmps 8^10
Chicago Grain Market.
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
Sterling Exchange and Stiver lower.
Wheat declines slightly. Barley dull and unchanged.
Oats zvrlJ cleaned up and very firm.
Corn nominal, with reduced supplies. Rye dull.
Hay market interrupted by tlic storm. Feedstuff s unchanged.
Fine Potatoes steady, but cheaper grades weak.
Onions higher. Vegetables about the same.
White Beans continue scarce and strong.
Lower grades of Butter accumulating and declining.
California Eggs accumuLiting and easy. Eastern Eggs firm.
Cranberries continue to bring good prices.
Orange auction to begin Monday.
No change in Provisions.
Shipment of $135,769 to China.
Family Retail Market.
ment of the Treasury balances In the general
fund, exclusive of the $150,000,000 sold in th«
division of redemption, shows: Available cash
balances. 1138,949,445: gold, $100,186.«0lT
4 Fan Joaquln Oil & Dev • CO
100 West Shore „ • « 25
closixg" quotations.
FRIDAY. Dec 14—8:30 P. P.
STOCK. Bid. Asked.
Buckhora — 3 <5
Burlington 15 \~
Caribou M 53
Four 45 M
Hanford — liO W
Hanford. Fresno, Kern River.. — "
Home 4 15 4 30
Independence ~ 13 •»
Kern River '. 17 00 17 Ti
Junction ' «5 "0
Lion OH Co 20 —
McKittrlclc Consolidated — «
McKlttrick 80 <1
Monte Cristo 1 40 1 5o
Oil City Petroleum 30 CO «3 00
Petroleum Center 19 *°
Reed Crude 49 —
San Francisco & McKittrtck... 1 CO 1 «•">
San Joaquln Oil &'D Co 8 12% » 37^
Shamrock — I 06
Sterling: O & D Co — 2 43
Sunset Original _—. 35 40
Twenty-eight » 42H * *5
Westshcre S 25 —
MINING BTOCK&
Following were th* sales In the San Francisco
Stock and Exchange Board yesterday:
Morning Session.
SOO Belcher 15 SCO Potosl 1»
100 Mexican 31 ICO Sierra Nevada. 27
2CO Overman ........ 10 100 Silver Hill 48
Afternoon Session.
lOCOAlphA M 300Oph!r 85
SOO Con Cal & Va..l 45 2C0 Overman ....... 11
1C0 Gould A Curry. 63 1C0 Syndicate 10
600 Mexican 31
FollowlDj were the sales la th« Pacific Stock
Exchange yesterday J
Morning Session.
800 Chollar IS! CO Silver Hill 44
600 Con Cal & V...1 45 1 SOO Silver Hill 48
300 Cbn Cal & V.I «H I
Afternoon Session.
ECO Best & Belcher. 2SI SCO Crown Point... 13
600 Bullion C3 1 SOO Mexican 31
125 Caledonia 4« 800 Ophlr - 8«
150 Con Cal & V...1 45 200 Silver Hill 43
200 Con Cal & V.I 47H £00 Union Con 23
ISO Coo Cal & V...1 SO
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
FRIDAY, Dec. 14 — 4 pt m.
Bid. Ask. Bid. Ask.
Alpha 03 C3 Justice 02 M
Alta CS 06 Kentuck — 03
Andes 07 08 Lady "Wash — 03
Belcher 14 13 Mexican S2 33
Best & Belcher. 27 2S Occidental ..._ 04 06
Bullion 02 04 Ophir 68 S7
Caledonia 47 4»: Overman 10 11
Cholfar 11 13;Potosi 12 13
Challenge Con.. 20 24!Savage Ofl 07
Confidence 59 60 Scorpion — 04
Con Cal & Va..l 45 1 50 Sear Belcher.... « 0*
Con Imperial... — 01 Sierra Nevada. 23 29
Con New York. tOl — Silver Hill 47 43
Eureka Con — 25 St Louis 10 —
Crown Point... 11 IS Standard a 00 3 20
Exchequer — 03 Syndicate — U
Gould & Curry. 62 &4 Union Con 23 24
Hale & Norcrs. 19 20 Utah C5 M
Julia - OSJYellow Jacket- 21 22
COMMERCIAL AND FINANCIAL NEWS
Receipts of Produce.
FOR FRIBAT, DECEMBER 14.
Flour, qr sks 47,626 Quicksilver, risks 92
Wheat, ctls....... 1.BS5 Lime, bbls 1S2
Barley, ctls 3.710 Pelts, bdls 725
Middlings, sks. _. 645 Hides. No 829
Hay, tons 499 Leather, rolls.... 40
Straw, tons 8 Wool, bales 9
Hops, bales 12 Wine, gals 17.330
Bran, sks 425 Brandy, gals 1.500
Potatoes, sks 7.345 Butter, ctls ~ ISO
Oats, ctls 4C0 Cheese, ctls 62
Bean?, Eks 3,781 Tallow, ctls V)
Onions, ska 770 Eggs, doz 7,560
Mustard, sks -30
Mustard, nominal; Flax, $2 50®2 75; Canary,
»4c per lb for California and 4c for Eastern;
Alfalfa, 7tt@»i4c: Rape, 2%@3c; Hemp. 4®4Hc;
DRIED PEAS^-Niles, $1 7502 25; Green," $2 75
©3 per ctl; Blackeye, $175(82 25.
Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables.
Potatoes are kept weak by continued heavy
receipts, though the best Salinas are quoted
rather higher. Cheap Potatoes are weak and
dull.
Onions have again advanced and are scarce.
There Is no noteworthy change in Vegetables.
POTATOES— River Reds, 75c; Burbanks, 3.V§
65c for . River and 90c@$l 15 per ctl for Sa
linas and SOc^Jl for Oregon; Sweets, 50®75c
for River and SOiSflOc for Merced.
ONIONS-$l C0@l So per ctl; Cut Onions, fl@
1 ?S npr rtl.
VEGETABLES— Green Peas, S®7c per lb:
String Beans, 4®10c; Cabbage. SOc; Tomatoes,
75c0$l 23 for Lox Angeles: Kpg Plant. Ixjs An
geles, C@7c per lb; Green Peppers from Los An
geles, 2@7c per lb; Dried Peppers. 9@llc; Dried
Okra, 10fi>l5c p*t lb: Carrots, 25<f?35c per box:
Cucumbers, 40t?75c:' Summer Squash. SI: Gar
lic, 4@5c per lb; Marrowfat Squash, $10@12 per
ton; Mushrooms, 5JJ15C per lb.
Poultry and' Game.
Supplies of Poultry . continue plentiful and
the low prices still rule. There la very little
chance In Game.
POULTRY- Live Turkeys, llfjllc for Gob
blers and 12i?yi3c for Hens; Dressed Turkeys.
14-gl6c ; Geese, per pair, $1 75@2; Goslings, $1 73
«T2; Durk*. M<§4 for old and M«3 &o fnr younit;
Hens, J3S»4 DO: Young Roosters. *3 50@4; Old
Roosters, $3 50@4; Fryers, $3 50@4; Broilers.
S3 60®4 for large a,nd ZS1TZ 25 for small :
Pigeons, $1 per dozen for old and $1 7E@3 for
Squabs.
GAME-Quall, Jl 25; Mallard. $3 5O@4{ Can
vosback. $3S;4; Sprig. $2 60@3; Teal, fl 75;
Widgeon, |i 60^1 75; Small Duck. $1@1 25;
Black Jack. Jl 60: Gray Geese. J3: Whlta Qeese.
$1@1 CO; Brant, $1 SO for small and $2 for large;
Horkem. $l®4 B0: English i Snipe. $1 60@l 75:
Jack Shlpe. $1 2S: Hare. $1 25 j Rabbits, $150
for Cotton tall and $1 for Brush; Doves, G5o per
dozen.
Butter, Cheese and Eggs.
Fancy Creamery Butter continues ta light
supply and firm, but tho lower crades, as men
tioned yesterday, are weak and accumulating:.
Tha latter are lower.
Cheeco rules firm.
Eastern Eggs are firm, but ranch ar« easier
and slower, with signs of accumulating.
Prices are unchansed, however.
BUTTER—
Creamery — Extras, 80c; firsts, 27%c; sec
onds. .
Storage — Creamery extras. 23c; firsts.* tic;
seconds, 10c.
Dairy— Extras, 26c; firsts, 24o; seconds, 21c;
store, .
Pickle— 21c per lb.
JCez-— ?Cc per lb.
CIliCESE — Fancy, full cream. ISc: choice. He;
common, nominal; Young Americas, 13Hor
Eastern, full cream, 15@16c per lb.
EGOS-
Callforr.ia ranch— Selected white, <4c; mixed
colors, itc per dozen.
California Gathered— Fancy. ; standard.
3Ec ; seconds, .
Eastern— Fancy, ; standard, 22%c; sec
onds. .
Storage— California fancy. SOc; standard. ;
Eastern, fancy, 30c; standard, ; seconds.
Deciduous and Citrus Fruits.
Some changes In Cranberries will be ob
served.
Lndy Apples, In 100-lb barrels, bring $5.
, The Orange auction will begin Monday, with
offerings of six cars. Oranges, Lemons and
Limes continue quiet. Bananas are In grood
supply.
DECIDUOUS FRUITS
APPLES—SO® 60c per box for common and
CTctfJJl for good to choice; Epltzenberi?s, 75c@
Jl 25: Oregon Spltzenbergs. Jl@l 25; Lady Ap
plos. $1 75f?3 per box. .
PF.ARH— :ocfJU F0 per box.
PERSIMMONS— 50c per box.
CRANBERRIES-Jerseys, $11 603*12; Wiscon
sin?. $13 50; Cape Cod. $13 50® 14 per barrel:
Coos Bay. $2 5flf?2 75 per oox.
STRAWBERRIES— $4*36 per chest for large
berries.
RASPBERRIES-None In.
CITRUS FRUITS— Navel Orances. $1 23@2 50;
Seedlings, $161 SO: Tanserlnes. 75cS$2; Jap
anese Mandarins. Jl f.C?Sl 73: Lemons. 25ciRJl 23
for common and SI r>0f?2 50 for good to choice:
Grape Fruit, D0c(3$2 25: Mexican Limes, $4®
4 cV); California Limes. ZoIIZm; Bananas., $1 25@
2 50 per bunch; Pineapples, $1@2 per dozen.
Dried Fruits, Nuts and Raisins.
FRUITS— Prunes, Santa Claras, 4 sizes, 8c;
40-503. 7c: 50-SOs. B^e; 60-70s. 3?ic; ?0-80s. 3%c;
S0-90S. m,c: 80-lOOs. V£c: 100s and over. 2c; ru
bles, Vio premium; Sonomas, He and San Joa
qulns, He less than Santa Claras, except 100s
and over, which stand the same. Apricots. fi@
8o for Royals and 10@10Hc for Moorparks;
Evaporated Apples, GS6c: sun-dried, 3 1 ,4@4%c;
Peaches, 4@5c for standard, 5@6c for choice;
and 6\i<&~c for fancy; Pears, 2@7c; Plums,
pitted, f@CUc; unpltted, lffl^c; Nectarines, 5@
6%c for red and 5Vi@6c.for white.
RAISINS— The Raisin Growers' Association
has established the following prices for the
season of 1900: Bleached Thompson's fancy, 12c
per lb: choice, lie; standard, 8%c; prime. Sc;
unbleached Thompson's, Sc per lb. Sultanas-
Fancy, 10*4c per lb; choice 9V4c; standard, 8-Tio;
prime. 8c;. unbleached Sultanas. 8c; Seedless,
60-lb boxes. 6»*c; 4-crown. 7c: London Layers,
2-crown. $150 per box: 3-crown, Jl 60; Fancy
Cluster*, $2; Dehesa, $2 50; Imperial, $3. All
prices f. o. b. at common shipping points In
Callfornla.
NUTS— Chestnuts, 7@Sc per lb for Ital
ian; Walnuts. No. 1. soft-shell, lie;
No. 2, 8c; No. 1 hardshell, 10c; No. 2,
7%c; Almonds, 12@13c for papershell, SQillc for
Foftshell; Peanuts. 5®6o for Eastern: Brazil
Nuts. 13c: Filberts, 13c; Pecans, ll@13c; Co
coanuts. $3 50©5.
HONEY— Comb. I3^4C v 14%c for bright and 12%
CJ13c for light amber; water white, extracted,
i^pSc; llRht amber, extracted, 6%®7c; dark,
6@C%<5 per lb. .
BEESWAX— 24(g^6c per lb.
There Is nothing new to report.
CURED MEATS— Bacon. ll@lli£c per lb for
heavy, HV4@12c for light medium, 12V4@13c for
Upht, lS'/fcSUc for extra light and 15@15Kc ror
sugar-cured: Eastern sugar-cured Hams. 1H4{?
12c; Mess Beef. $12 50 per barrel: extra Mess
$13; Family. $14: extra Prime Pork. $16: extra
clear. $19 60; Mess, $17; Smoked Beef, 13c per
pound.
. LARD— Tierces quoted at 6\c per lb for com
pcund and 9%c for pure: ' half-barrels, pure
9%c: 10-tb tins. 10c; E-lb tlns.'lOVtc.
COTTOLKNE— One-half barrels. 8%c; three
half-barrels. 8c; one tierce, 7%c; two tierces,
7%c; five tierces, 7ftc per lb.
Hides, Tallow, Wool and Hops.
HIDES AND SKINS— Culls and brands sell
about lc under quotations. Heavy salted
Steers. 10c; medium, 9c; light. 8«c; Cow
hides. 9c for heavy and 8%c for light; Stags,
6Hc; Salted Kip. 9%c; Salted Veal, 9Hc; Salted
Calf. 10c; Dry Hides. 16c; culls. 14c; Dry Kip.
16c; Dry Calf, 16®l"c: culls and brands,
14c; Sheepskins, shearlings, 2OifJ3Oc each; short
Wool, 30<g30c each: medium, COSfSoc; long 'Wool,
75c® $1 each; Horse Hides, salt, $2 50 for large
and $2 for medium, $1 50 for small and 50c for
colts; Horse Hides, dry, $1 75 for large, $160
for medium, $1 25 for small and 2.'i@50c for colts.
Deerskins— Summer or red -skins, 35c; fall or
medium slcins. 3Gc; winter or thin skins, 17%0
20c. Goatskins — Prime Angoras, 75c; large and
smooth, 50c; medium, 35c. ¦ . - .
TALLOW— No. 1 rendered. 4@4%c per lb; No.
z, 3M-c: grease, 2tfr2V4c.
WOOL— Spring Clip Is quotable as follows :
Northern, free, 15(ffl6c; Northern, defective, 12
©14c: Middle County, free, U@16c; Middle
County, defective, 12<814c; Southern Mountain,
12 months'. 9#10c: Southern Mountain, free, 7
months', U@12c: Southern Mountain, defective,
7- months'. 9®llc: Humboldt and Mendoclno,
16<ftl7c; Nevada, 13t?16c per lb.
Fall Clip— San Joaquln, 6Vi@Sc; do lambs, 8
®9c; Middle County. 9@10c; Northern Mountain,
free, 10011c; Southern Mountain, 7V4@SV4c;
Humboldt and Mendoclno, 12?) 13c per lb.
HOPS— 12@iCc per lb.
San Francisco Meat Market.
BEEF— 7§Sc for steers and $QV&c per lb for
cows. |
. VEAL— Large, 8@9?; small, 9@10c per lb.
MUTTON— Wethers, 9@9%c; Ewes, 9c per
pound.
LAMB— 10@10V4c per lb.
PORK— Live Hogs. h%c for small and B%c for
medium and 5Vi©5%c for large; stock Hogs and
feeders, 6@5%c; dressed Hogs, 7K@S%c
General Merchandise.
' BAGS— San Quentin Bags, $5 65; Calcutta*
Grain Bags. June and July.' 6Hc;. Wool Bags,
2S 1 ,4®32V4c; Fleece Twine. 7}£e; . FrullS Bags,
€%Q8?;c for white and 8Vi@89ic for bleached
Jute. ...--. . ¦
COAL^-Welllngton. $9 per ton; Southfleld
Wellington, $9; Seattle,- $7; ¦ Bryant. $7; Coos
Bay. $5 50; Wallsend. $9: Co-operative Wallsend,
$9; Cumberland. $12 In bulk and $13 25 In sacks:
Pennsylvania Anthracite ¦ Egg. ¦ $14: Cannel. $10
per ton: Coke, $15 • per ton . in bulk and $18 in
sacks ; Rocky Mountain descriptions, $3 45 per
"000 lbs and $S 50 per tori, according to brand.
SUGAR— The Western Sugar Refining Com
pany quotes, per lb, in 100-lb bags: . .
Crushed.'. 6.15c:vPowdered,6.75c;-Candy Gran
ulated, 6.75c: Dry Granulated, 5.65c; Confec
tioners' A, 5.63c: Magnolia A, 5.25c: Extra C,
5.15c: Golden C. 6.05c: barrels. 10c more; half
barrels, £5c more; boxes,' 50c more; EO-lb bags.
lOo -: more. No . orders taken " for , less than 75
barrels or * Its , equivalent.' Domlnos, halt-bar
rels. 6. 40o: boxes, 6.65o per lb. :
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, DECEMBER 15, 1900.
LOCAL MARKETS;
EASTERN MARKETS.
10
\'S.
I Last T!:ls
J24 Hoari Season.
Last
Season.
i
9 ..
Oh'
1.60 18.61
... 1.24 8.03
.48 7.2S
.41 . 6.23
.13 6.22
J4.31
6.31
8.23
9.01
3.97
K O5
2.61
1.2S
\'S.
I Last T!:ls
J24 Hoari Season.
Last
Season.
i
9 ..
Oh'
1.60 18.61
... 1.24 8.03
.48 7.2S
.41 . 6.23
.13 6.22
J4.31
6.31
8.23
9.01
3.97
K O5
2.61
1.2S
BAILBOAD TBAVEL.
(PACIFIC STSTaM.)
Trains !••*« itnd t»rf> ••"•• ««» arrlv* •(
mam ritAsrurw.
(Haln Line. Toos of Market Street,)
LXATZ — Fbom DtCKMBsa 1. !>¦»¦ — *»arr»
•7sOOa BenWa, SuUao. Eliaira. VMAfiUe.
Ejutawj md H»«:»'tienw> • "7*»3f
•7:O«* Sh«ta Expr<»a— Darj. WiUUms 'fcr
Banlstt SrrlccsX Willows. C«J _____
Bluff. Fnrii-iid. V,"— ri3 »
•7t3«AUartii.e:.SaQlUmmi.VaUeJo.Kapa,
CaiUu>gaaudS»nt» I!o»a w «ll»»
•9>OOa Dirii. Wuodiacd. Kni.hu Landlar. ' _
UartiTllle. oroTula l-zi'ZZ til?*
• ¦tOO* Atlantic Itxpres*— <>sil«u and Kaa* »a»45»
•SiOQANiles. Li»enaore, Tracy, L»tiiop,
Slocktea "™*9
•BiSVA Sau Jose. UTerznorr, Htoektoo,
lone. Haeratnonto. PlaoorriUa,
Mnryavlll*, Chiso. Uetl Binlf M'Hf
•*i-n* O»kd-lr. Chino-9, Sooor*. C»rt«rB... «*sl.1p
•O:Ul>* Hajwards, Nil-- and Waj Sutioa*. # 11:*»a
•Mi»n»A V:% ADfelei Express— Martinet.
Tracy, L_throp. .Moekton, M«rced
Fresno ami Lea Anfe!es -7sl.1r
• O:^'»« fmlWjn. Mattinos antl Way Btations •»:»»?
• 1O:OU » Th-J OTerland Umtted— Ogden, Den-
ter, Umaha. Chicago "0.41*
•11*001 Nlles, Stockton, Macrameoto. Mso>
dota. Fresno, liaoford. Vlaai:*.
Porr«Ti!lo HiHf
•11jO«» U»«nanr-. 8»n?er. Goahft- Juao
tiuu. lU/crrsQeld. Loa Anyelea.....
tl:«»p8itcrainrnto KlteriJMaiusr*. ........ jasOllA
••1-BOp H^ywirds, Nilel aid Way atntloni. •»:*3p
•4io«r Martiiitw. Han UnMa, Valleja,
N.4f». < - H'i.',, K ». Haiit» Kosa *».I5*
• |. ( it) r B-nici— . Winter*. 8«cramenlo.
SVooillam), Ki.U'.iti L-odlnf.
MaryfiTllle, Orotllle...... '.M?*
mnn r mywvAi, Nile* aud flan .Tow !„'*>
•3-OOp Niles Li»ennoroand StorkSRa •10: 13a
9.1:00? 8u»e.S Umited. El Paso. Saw
Orle-na and Eaat. «1Oi13_
•3;<M»rTlio Owl I.imtted— Tracy. Freano.
BakrrxStM, ttaagna fur d iu*.» Bar-
bara. Los ADtfeh*. •l«il»A
•SiOOr Sew Orl-ant Eipress— nakenflelil,
s.ium Rarhara. r.. .1 Anc>!es. Dem*
I»S. r.l Psuo. New Orlsaua and
• Bast "Ti^a*
•«:OOr norwards, NIlesandHaa Joae »Ti€.-»a
fOiOOrVallej • • • •Ili4.l4
*9:Qnr Oriental Mall-Ogden. Cheytaa*.
Omaha, Chicago '9:43*
•SrOOp Oriental Mall— Ogden, Dea>«.
Omaha. Cbleafo........ *4iI3p
•7««0 r Oregon and California Uirr««. Mac-
ritiiieul>>. M»r>s»l..>, ICa>l<l!nf.
l>ort!an<1. Foget Hound and Katk *S:43a
•Sia.lpSan Pab'.o, P^ri Coata, Martlaai
and Way Stations •«¦••»,
;«io3f vaiifj" 'aiyta^
COAST l>msto?i (Sarrovt «;»»([»).
(Foot otMnfUat Street.)
•»«!•¦» A Newarlc.Ciii tm »lllo.-Saij Jon*. Ffitpn.
Boulder Creelc.SautaCrirx and Way
SUtiuna '- «•-»--
t»i 1 9r Newark, Ceuter»i!I», Ban .Joae, New
Aim* ilen, FcitoD, ItooJdsr Creek,
Santa Ciuz and l'rtacipal W.y
StaUons t'0» : » o A
•4i1-1p Newark. M«n Jo»». I-ct Ga'os *9i--»«a
aQ:a»P %™^S?^^ J ~.~* :t,»w-
CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
tram US raiSCiSCO— f»«t »f Mtrktl Strut < V.> V —
t7:lS 9:00 11:00A.M. 1:C3 3:C3 !¦::->«.
ruMOUUJD—riM •?3tsii«iT.— t-; ea ts.ca ts:OJ
10.00«.ii. 12:53 2:C3 «:Z3 'l.ZZr.u.
COAST IMVIslu.i (RroadUanse).
(Third »i.d Townsend SU.)
t«il»A. Oceaai Vlaw. Sou«h S.n Kr»nd«ou.. JSiSSr
•7:OOa Ban Jose and Way StaUona (New
Almaden WeJueidaysouly) *liS0r
•ti«OA Ban Jm«. Tres riuoa, Santa Cnis.
raciao (Irote. Paso Kobiea, Han
I.ula < >!,in;.rv. Snrf. LouipoC and
Prliicliml Way Htationa »-«:lo»
•imioi Ran .T..»o and Way UtaUous •«:a^»
¦U::tOA Mm .log; ami Way SUtlom •OiUOr
fii45r Ssn Uatse, l'.ed-ood, Menlo Park,
Pa2o Alto. Santa Clara. Han Juie.
Tre« I'lnus. f utiia Cram, Salinaa,
!.1uur««» »,i.l I'iHSs litow fl»s3«A
fliSnr San JosaaiM Way Stationa *7i3»r
1 1:1 Sr 9aii Jose and Principal Way Htattont *»:I3a
t3:«0r San Ju» ¦. Los Gatos and Priaoipal
X7mj .HtatioDS ?»:«•»*
•5:3«- flan Joae am) PHndpal Way Stations *«»3a»
•6::i»r 3»u Jomku.1 Way Kr.atloua ?-!«»«*
Cll;4- r )rStnJcw»ii^Tf»r Htatioim *7:3Op
A for Morning. I* (or Afternoon.
'Dally. t.Himilay exiymted. I douday only.
§ llonilays. Wadoesdaya. Fridays,
c Tu— ulaya. Thursdays, dondaya,
a Uiturday anlr
CALlFOHiNIA NORTBWESTEBN BY. CO.
SAN FRAMGiSCO AND NORTH PACIFIC
RAILWAY COMPANY.
TTBURON FEHRY-FOOT OT MARKET ST.
San Francisco to Saa Kafnel.
miXB! DATS- 7:30. S:00. ll:0O a. m.; 13^5, a:30.
S:10, C:3Op. rn. TTm mdays— Extra trip at V.:i)
p. ra. Satarda}-*— Extra trips at l:5d and
11:20 p. m.
eVSV ATS— 8:00. 9:30. 11:00 a. m.; 1:30. J:30. 5.0>i»
6:20 9. m.
San Rafael to 6aa Francisco.
WEEK I>AYS~i:l\ l:i<3. »:29. U:l!> a. ra.; 12:43.
Z:4!K 6:10 P- in- Saturday*- Extra trips at 1.14
and o:Jj p. in.
BUN DATS— 8:10. t:40. 11:V> a. m. ; 1:40. »:«. 5:Oi,
9:25 a- ta.
Betweea Saa Francisco and Stiroetzea Park.
eaao schedale aa aboT«.
Leave I In Effect I ArrtT*
Ban Francisco. I Nov. 7. 1»00. I San BYanolaco.
¦Week 1 San- J 1 San- I We^ic
Lm>». I days, f Destisatlon. | days. | Days.
7:30 ara S:C0am! Xovato, 19:« aa| S;fi anj
1:30 pm 9:30 asi[ Petaluraa. J:M ;a,:J:S aa
6:10 pm 8:C0 pmj Santa Roia. IJSZ pm| i:22 ta
Fulton.
IM am Windsor, 1935 aa
Healdsburff,
Lytton.
Geyservllla.
1:33 pm IMun Cloverdalc. 7:S3 pm 1:13 pra
7:X>ainj j Hopland j T
I ,:C0 am! and Ukiah. [ 7:35 pm, t:23 pm
7:S0 arn! 13:25 aa
[8:00 am Gu<>rneTl!le. 7:25 pm
3:30 pm] «:2i pro
7:30 am! S:CO ami Sonoma t 9:13 am 8:40 an
I I and j
1:10 pm! 5:00 pral GJen Ellen, f 8:05 pm 8:22 prr»
7:30 am! 8:C0 ami 110:40 am|10:!5 ara
1:33 pmf 5:00 pmi Sebastopol. | 7:33 pm; *:22 pra
Stag«3 connect at Santa Rosa for Mark West
Eprings and 'U'hite Sulpnur Sprinya: at rultoa
for Altn:rla: at Lytton for Lytton Springs, it
tieyservllle for Sltagss Sprtn#r»; at Cloverdal«
for the O^vsera; at Hopland for Dunc-n
Springs. HigMar.d Sprlntfa. Kslseyvllle. Caris-
bad Springs, Sc^Ja Bar, Lateport and Bartlett
Springs; at Ukiah for Vichy Spring*. Saratoga
Sprln_3. Blu- Lakw, Laare! D«!l I-aJ:e. Witter
E-prings. Upper Lak*. Porno. Fetter Valley.
John Day's. Rlveratae. Llerley's. BuckneU'a.
Eanliednn Heights. HullTllle, Orr*3 Hot Springs.
Mendoclno City. Fort Bragrjf. Westport. U*al.
Wlll«ts. LaytonTl!e. Carcmlaxa. Bell's Spr.ngs.
Harri.'. Olsens. Dyer. Scot!a and Eureka.
Saturday to Monday round-trip tickets at re-
duced rates.
On Sundays, reani-trtp tickets ta alt poinia
fceyond San Rafao! at htili rates.
Ticket office. CCO 2Iar-et St.. Chronicle build-
in^ R. X. RTAJf.
S. C. WHITrxO. Gen. Pass. Ast-
Gen. Mariner.
NORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD.
Via Sausallto Ferry.
Commencing September 3<>, 130ft.
FROM BAN FRANCISCO TO MILI* VALUE I
AND SAN KAFAEI*
WEEK DATS— «:iS. «9:15. 11:00 a. m^ «l:Cw
8:15. 4:C0. IAS. 1:13, S:40 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS— For Mill Valley and Saa
Rafael on Mondays. Wednesday* and Sac-
xaiayu at 9:00 and 11:33 p. in.
EUNIJATS— *S:CC. -13:C0. »U^0 a. m, "1:1^
S:15. «t:4S. 6:3U. 9:CO p. m.
Trains marked (•) run to San Qnentln.
FROM SAN RAFAEL TO SAX FRANCISCCL
WEEK DAYS— 5:?0. »«:30. 7:*5. »:*) a. m..
•12:30. 1:45. *3:30, 4:30. 5:20 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays. Wedncadaya
ani Saturdays at C:45 and 10:2a p. ra.
STJNDATS— «:»?. «S:00. . »l(»:0«. »H:45 a. m..
•1:40. *2:13. 4:45. *«^0 p. m.
Trains marked (•) xtart from San Quentla.
FROM M1L1. VALLEY TO SAN FRA-N'CIdCO.
WEEK DATS-4:45. 6:45. 7:55. *:3O a. m^.
«:35. 2:10. 8:SO, 4:54, 5:10 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays. Wednesdajr-
and Saturdays at 7:10 and 10:20 v. m.
SUNDAYS— S:C»5. 10:05 a. m.. 13:05^ 2JX JJOt
|-00. <:4S P. rn-
THROUGH TltAINa
f:55 a. m. weelc days — Cxaadero and way sta-
1:45 p. m. Saturdays— Tomalea and way ata-
tlona.
g:« a. m. Sundays— Toraales acd way sta-
tions.
Santa Fe
Trains— Da »y
X.«*T9 »!ark«t-sti-«t »«tt D-poC
Lt*. San FrandJC* »:» - « *J« p ml »:» p 4
5£ bsSsmSt 4.1! S 5 Ii_______hH : .?_ _ 2
•• Fwm «— — 4:X)pm l:«Km
- VlMlla «:*> P m 4:B0 a n»
m 5:33 P m T:C« a m
" Ba&Sfleld ... I* P m T:» a n»
« KanswClty... »:W P m
- Chicago 7:*0am
• a. ra. train is tb* Orerlaad Eipr-»a. Corr--
apondlnK train arrives at « p. ta. daily.
4:13 P. ra. U Stockton LocaJT Correspoodlns
train arrives U:03 a. m. daily.
I -SO p. Q- i* Fresno fvr.d Ba^enOetd Expr«»a>
with Sleeping Cars for both clUea. Ccrrespcnd-
to* train arrlvrs at S a. tn. dally.
OFFICES— €41 Market st. and tn Ferry Xfepo*.
j fca. Fcasclxoo: 1US Broadway.. Oakland.
S~^\ Dr. 0 ibbon's Dispensary*-'
i»'2O KEARXT ST. Established '
fjfMj**r.r.ii» l**-^! for the treatment of Private
If i.j£> £ n( I)lvi " w ' I -«" Mantjood. Debility or
5?f»_7*ii.'S*3*' ;i "'' >n< ''' w^arlnson body am! mind and
Diseases. The Doctor enre»w!i«m
ri^.\Z.V}'^t^«>rs faii. Try him. taanres low.
2^_£|__5__3<'u-c«s:unr3» 1 itr-d. Catlorwriw.
Or. J. £*. tSIQBOX, baa Francbc!>, Ca!, __. •
OCEAU TRAVEL.
Pacific Coast Steamship Co.
\ Steamers leave Broadway
•»(^ wharf. San Francisco:
w3Si»^ ror Alaskan Ports— 11 a. m..
W*M3k I*c. 12. 17, 21 27, Jan. 1.
fc&»£r!3s?**H Change to company'* steamers
ti\ K£z2\l£\~i at Seattle.
ESSSSa V\3 or Victoria, Var.couvor (B.
2c*4Ci^ ll " < -ra:j C), Port Townsrad, Seattle,
f - **«5S*f£.5»>n Tacoma, Everett, Ana^ort-s
*»*• and New Whatcom (Wash.)—
¦ "¦•* 11 a. m.. Dec. 12. 17, 22. 27.
Jan. 1 and every fifth day thereafter. Change
at Seattle for this company's steamers for
Alaska and G.'N. Ry. : at Seattle or Tacoma to
N. P. Ry.; at Vancouver to C. P. F.t.
For Eureka, Humboldt Bay— 2 p. m., Dec.
14. 1». 24, 23, Jan. S, and every fifth day there-
after.
For San Diego, stepping only at Santa Bar-
bara, Port Los Angeles and Redondo (Los An-
geles)— Steamer Queen. Wednesdays. 9 a. m. ;
steamer Santa Roea, Fundays, 9 a. m.
For Santa Cruz. Mrnter-y. Snn Simeon. Cayu-
cos. Port Harford (San Luis Oblepo). Gavlota.
Santa Barbara. Ventura. Hueneme. San Pedro.
East San Pedro (I«o« Angelee) and Newport —
Steamer Corona, Fridays, 9 a. m. ; steamer
Bonita, Tuesdays. 9 a. m.
For Rnsenada, MagdaJena Bay. San Jos« del
Cabo, Mazatlan. Altnta. La Paz. Bant a Rosalia,
and Guaymas (M*x.) — 10 a. m. 7th each month.
For further Information obtain company's
folders.
Th? company reserves th« right to chanre
steamers, failing dates and hours of sailing
without previous notli"©.
TICKET OFFICE-4 Xew Montgomery
street (Palace Hotel).
GOODALL, PERKINS A CO., Gen. Agents,
10 Varket st.. Ran Francisco.
W. 0. R. & 13. CO.
DISPATCH FAST STEAMERS TO
From_ Spear-street Wharf at 11 a._ m.
CADC £I2~flrst Class Including £ert!i
InflL S8 Second Class and Meals.
COLUMBIA Sails Dec. 14, 24, Jan. 3
GEO. W. ELDER Sails Dec. 19, 23
Short Line to Walla Walla, Spokane, Butte.
Helena and all points In tha Northwest.
Through tickets to all points East.
E. C. WARD, General Agent.
630 Market st.
TOYO KISEN EAISBA.
STEAMERS WILL LEAVE WHARF, COR-
ner First and Brannan streets, at 1 p. tn
for YOKOHAMA and HO.N'OKO.VG, calling at
Kobe (Hlogo). Nagasaki and Shanghai, and
connecting at Hongkong with steamers for In-
dia, etc. No cargo received on board on day of
sailing.
BS. AMERICA MARTJ
Saturday. December 29. 1900
SS. HONGKONG MARU
Thursday, January 24, 1901
SS. NIPPON MARU
Tuesday. February 19, lytl
Round-trip tickets at reduced rate*. For
freight and passage apply at company's office,
421 Market street, corner First.
W. H. AVERT. General Agent.
AMERICAN LINE.
RSW TORE. BODTHAKFTOn. LONDON. PASU.
Stopping at Cherbourg, -westbound.
From New York Ever- Wednesday, 10 a. m.
St. Louis Dec. 2<"T Voordland Jan. IS
New York Jan. 2lFriesfrind Jan. 23
Kensington Jan. 9rVader\and Jan. 30
RED STAR LINE;
New York and Antwerp.
From New York Every Wednesday, 12 Noon.
Westernland ...Dec. 2fi Noordlarid Jan. 13
Westernland ...Jan. 2 Friesland Jan. 23
Kensington Jan. 9 South wark Jan. SO
For freight and passage apply to
INTERNATIONAL NAVIGATION CO..
SO Montgomery St.. Or any of its agents.
fat* AfSnSa* Q. € Pa hv>va "' uuc *< ne *
tfCegIiaC5.5XQ. jg^jSffi
SS. ZEALANDIA (Honolulu only)
Wednesday. December 26, J p. m,
BS. ALAMEDA. for Honolulu. Samoa, New
Zealand and Australia
Wednesday, January 2, 1901. 9 am.
SS. AUSTRALIA, for Tahiti „.... .
Sunday, January «. 4 p. tn.
I D.SPHECKELS & BEOS. CO., eer.era! Agents, 327 Haritet SI
Bea'l P2s$sngar Ofea, 643 Hl±\ St, far So. 7, Pacific St
PMMA-R.R."SS
To NEW YORK via PANAMA Direct
S.S.ST. PAUL sails December 18,
S. S- ROANOKE sails January 8,
From ¦wharf, foot of Fremont St.. at 2 p. m.
Freight and passenger cface. 330 Market st
F. F. CONNOR. Pacific Coast Agent.
C0MPAGNIE GENERALS TRAMSATLANTmiE
DIRECT LINE TO HAVRE-PARIS. __
Sailing every Thursday, instead of *£ s 3T5*f.
Saturday, from November 2. 1S99, at
10 8. m., from Pier 42. North River, foot or
Morton street. First-class to Havre, $35 and
upward. Second-class to Havra. W2 50 and uo-
ward. GENERAL AGENCY FOR UNITED
STATES AND CANADA, 32 Broadway (Hudson
building). New Tork. J. F. FUGAZI & CO
Pacific Coast Agents. 5 Monteomery avsnue'
San Francisco.
BAY AND KIVEB STEAMEBsT
FOB 0. S. NAVY YARD^fm^ALLEji^"
Steamer "Montlcello."
MON.. Tues., Wed.. Thurs. and Sat. at 9«
a. m., 3:13. 8:30 p. m. (ex. Thurs. night)- Fri-
days, I p. m. and 8:30: Sundays. 10:30 a. m. - s
p: m. • Landing? and of nee. Mission-street Dock
Pier Na 2. Telephone Main liCS. - T"^
pare • : soo
BATLEOAD TBAVEL. .
MOUNT TAMAlSjS^ RAILWAY
¦ Leaves San Francisco, via Sausal'.to Fpitv
WEEK DAYS.. ..9:15 a. ra.- l1« and 4 00 T^m
SCNDAYS.......8:0O.^U:3O a"d *M £ £
$l F « r ** S * n Fr * acl " co to Summit and Return.
NEW TAVERN OF TAMALPAIS NOW OPEN
Ticket offlcaa. tsx Market «t. -fiausalito Fern.GEORGE W. PERCY, THE WELL-KNOWN ARCHITECT, WHO DIED AT
HIS HOME IN OAKLAND YESTERDAY. HE WAS THE DESIGNER
OF MANY FAMOUS LOCAL BUILDINGS. »
Much indijmation is expressed in Mu
nich papers because the state did not in
terfere with the sale to a lumberman of
the largest linden tree in Bavaria. It
measured £.<2 meters in circumference,
with a diameter of 4.20 meters.
ever the register at the County Jail to
day Deputy Sheriff George Taylor acci
c*-ntally discovered the name of a once
ta.ni' ms prisoner, now an escape from tho
Insane Asylum, with a charge
ot YEprancy entered against it. The
a*a is Evaetine Cleafy, who was con
• i fifteen years ago by Judge Wal
lace of San Francisco to serve fifty years
in State'* prison for robbing a woman of
sixty <*-nts. Taylor had known deary
as a boy and at once recalled the fact
tnat the Stockton authorities were adver
tising him as an escaped patient. They
¦were informed by telephone that deary
was in custody, and replied that an offi
cer would come for him in the morning.
f CWtfiry was pardoned a few j-ears after
hi* commitment on the robbery charge,
but the effect of the terrible sentence was
too much for his mind and he became
Foon after his release from prison a hope
less, though harmless, lunatic.
Was Defendant in a Famous Case
and Lost His
Mind.
OAKLAND. Dec. 14.— While looking
ESCAPED LUNATIC IS
JAILED AS A VAGBANT
General debate was closed and the bill
•was read for amendment under the five
rninute rule. Payne, chairman of the
Ways and Means Committee, from the
committee offered an amendment to make
the beer tax $1 60 per barrel flat Instead
Dl a discount of 20 per cent, as origrinally
oraun.
Newlands (Dem.) of Nevada offered an
amendment to reduce the tax to $1 20 per
barrel. TTcwlands' amendment was lost.
60 t6 127.
Sulrfr (Dem.) of New York charged that
the Republicans had obtained a large
campaign fund from the brewers upon a
pledge to repeal the $1 additional. tax upon
beer. They had been false to their prom
ise and he predicted that the brewers
•would repudiate them at the next elec
tion.
Payne's emendment fixing the tax at
Jl CO per barrel was then adopted without
division.
Corliss of Michigan offered an amend
ment to reauire the cancellation of
fctamps by perforation. Adopted, 123 to 23.
Its stated purpose is to prevent fraud.
Newlands offered aji amendment prov'd
ir.jE that every person, corporation or firm
enpaped in manufacture, whose grogs re
eeints exceed $300,000, shall pay an extra
tax of one-tenth of 1 per cent on 6uch
receipts above $500,000. The purpose of the
tax. Mr. Newlands paid, was to make the
preat trusts and combinations pay a por
tion of the war revenue. It was lost, W
to 113.
Dalzell closed for the Republicans with
a comprehensive speech of an hour.
Those who soupht the total repeal of the
war taxes, he said, seemed to forget the
fxtraordir.ary expense that might have to
be met in If>n2. They made no provision
for a river and harbor Mil. for big armor
putp contract?, for subsidies for the mer
chant marine, if the bill pending in the
fcmate should pass for the construction of
trie Nicaraguan canal and for the possi
bility that the Supreme Court might de
cide that the constitution followed the
ftag. in which event the United States
would have to refund all duties collected
Jn the ports of Porto Rico. Hawaii and
the Philippines. Better a surplus, he* said,
than a deficit. In his opinion It were bet
ter not to have gone beyond the $.30 000.0)0
cu± recommended by the Secretary of the
Treasury. He said the J10.000.000 reduction
on beer had been ma<ie as a concession to
members of the floor. It would, he said
be unsafe to reduce that tax another dol
lar.
WASHINGTON, D. C. Dec. H.-The
Houfe to-day adjourned without disposing
°, m ° r^ n han half lhe war revenue reduc
tion bill. General debate closed at 2
o clock after which the bill was opened to
ciscussion under the five-minute rule.
A determined effort was made to redu<V
BtOJ further the tax on beer below th*
commercial rate of « 80 a barrel, but the
W ays and Means Committee overwhelmed
the opposition. The committee, however,
sustained two signal defeats. In connec
tion with the beer tax, Payne offered an
amendment to the language of the bill
3'asscd by the House last session, de
signed to abolish the use of small beer
packages, one-sixteenth and eighth bar
j^-Is, but It was defeated by 85 to S4. after
charges were mg.de that its purpose was
to crush out the small brewers.
*,D ca £ er defe &t occurred in connection
Jitn the amendment offered bv H. C
f^V 1 Qf Michigan. The bill abolished
t..e 1-cent stamp on express receipts and
telegrams, but retained the tax on rail
road and steamship freight receipts.
>mith s address restored the tax on ex
press receipts and altered the form of the
section so as to compel the company in
stead of the shipper to pay the tax. " The
amendment caused a lively debate in the
course of which Smith made a personal
alluplon to a United States Senator in
connection with one of the express com
panies. Payne vigorously fought the
amendment, but it was carried 123 to 106.
The text of the amendment is as follows
"It shall be the duty of every railroad
or steamboat company carrier, express
companv or corporation or person whose
occupation is to act as such to make
within the flrst fifteen 'days of each
month a sworn statement to the Collector
ot Intfrr.al Kevenue in each of their re
ypfctive districts, stating the number of
shipments received for carriage and
transportation, whether in .bulk or in
poses, bales, packages, bundles or not so
inclns^-d or included, for which any
rharize* whatsoever have been made, and
Tor each of such shipments received for
carnage and transportation the said rail
road or steamboat company, carrier, ex
press company or corporation or person
whose occupation it i« to act as such
thall pay a tax of 1 cent."
Maddnx of Georgia. Otey of Virginia,
L<-wis of Georgia and Sulrer of New York
opposed the bill. Gaines of Tennessee
concluded the general debate for his side
of the House.
Snippers Will Not Be Required to
AfflT t^« Stamp to Freight
Bills of Steamships and
, Eailroads.
Amendment to the War
Reienue Bill Carried
in the House.
PLACES THE TAX
ON THE COMPANY
¦ Mrs. Jenness AMIerV the apontle of dress
reform, will lecture" this 'afternoon at
Sherman & Clay's Hall under the auspices
of the Woman s Press Association. • Her
subject will 'be "Knowledge' Which Is
Power, or the Art of Living. The lecture
will commence at 2.80 o'clock, and will be
followed by a reception at 4.
Mrs. Miller Will Lecture.
Miss . Jessie Ackerman, the noted tem
perance missionary who is now en, route
around the ; world, will speak to-morrow
morning.at the- Simpson. Methodist Epis
copal Church in this city and in the even
ing at the Tenth , v Avenue Baptist Church,
East Oakland. -
For a Cold : in the Head.
Laxative Bromo-Qulnlne Tablets. *
To Plead Temperance.
OAKLAND, Dec. 14.— Edward O'Malia.
who was rescued from a watery grave in
the Estuary yesterday and taken to the
City Prison pending his becoming sober,
died there last night of pneumonia. The
lack of hospital accommodations rendered
his confinement in the jail necessary, and
though every care was given the unfor
tunate man he did not survive the shock.
O'Malia was 55 years of age.
Edward O'Malia Dies.
OAKLAND, Dec 14.— Thomas /W. Jack
eon Is a petitioner iu the Protiate Court
for letter* upon the estate of Maria Way.
which Is valued at $20,000 and consists of
Oakland and San Francisco real estate.
Public Administrator Hawes applied to
day for letters upon the property/ of
Thomas Swanton, who died intestate. Tho
property has not been appraised. . ¦ The
will of Daniel Platt Clark was filed', for
probate, disposing of several tracts of
land . In Costa Rica. Atkinson Hol
combe's will devises property worth $1000
to his niece. Amelia, and provides for the
burial, after cremation, of his ashes by
the Bide of the remains of his brother,
Samuel Holcombe. ¦ E. K. Strobridge ap
plies for letters of administration upon
the estate of George C, Baxter of Hay
wards. It consists of real estate ap
praised at 14000.
Wills in Probate.
OAKLAND. Dec. 14.— Adam F. Mengea
residing at 821 Center street, filed suit for
divorce against his wife, Emma, to-day,
alleging that when he married her neariy
ten years ago she was insane and incom
petent to enter Into wedlock — and that
ehe has ever since been of unsound mind.
On that ground he asks Judge 'Ellsworth
to annul the marriage and award * him
the custody of their only child, a boy nine
years of^jtge.
Says Wife Is Lunatic.
The third concert of the sixth season of
the Minetti Quartet series of chamber
music concerts was given yesterday
afternoon at Sherman-Clay Hall.. The
numbers were the Haydn string quartet
In D. major. Op. No. S, and the Schubert
piano quintet. Op. 114. The club was as
elsted by 8. G. Fleishman, pianist, and W.
Angermucnde, double bass. .The two
numbers were given with delightful effect?
The ensemble is excellent, and shading,
tempos and rhythm are most satisfactory.
A larger audience than is usual with the
chamber music concert greeted the pro
gramme and expressed Its appreciation
in encouragingly enthusiastic fashion.
Minetti Quartet Concert.
HAYWARDS, Dec. 14.— The Christmas
bazaar of the Ladles' Trinity Aid Society
of. the Episcopal church was opened this
afternoon in the opera-house. The' words
'.'All ye who enter here leave your cares
behind" greet the visitor as he enters the
hall, where a large number of handsomely
decorated booths have |>een put up. The
booths are 'in charge of the following
ladies: Fancy, articles, Mrs.* Walthmap,.
Mrs. O. Webb, Mrs. sRyker, Mrs. Captain
Miller; useful articles, Mrs. Kelsey, Mrs.
Hast; tea booth. Mrs. Elmer Welch. Miss
Ethel Welch:' refreshment booth, Mrs. F.
W. Browning. Mrs. Oscar Hill. Mrs. L.
Rundall; remembrance booth, \Mrs. H.'B.
Soule; grab booth, Mrs. Hamilton, Miss
Maj-y Hamilton. -
Running through the center of the hail
are two long tables. One of them Is load
ed down with articles made by the young
ladies cf'the Sunday. school and the other
contalrmithe handiwork of the boys.
CHRISTMAS BAZAAB OF
EPISCOPALIAN LADIES
Charles E. Stlnson, alias Station, and
G. H. Lawrence, the two bunko men who
ere accused of swindling Edward A. Pal
mer, a young Englishman, out of $130
Thursday in a room at 37 Post street, ap
peared before Judge Cabaniss yesterday.
As Palmer was anxious to leave at once
for Seattle on a visit, but promised to
return within a week and prose/cute the
case, the Judge continued it until next
Friday. The police have not yet arrested
the third member of the gang.
Bunko Men in Court.
The California State Floral Society held
Its regular monthly meeting in Central
Hall on Sutter street yesterday afternoon.
Nominations of officers for the ensuing
year were made and they will be voted
upon at the annual meeting In January.
An interesting talk was given by Profes
eor William R. Dudley of Stanford Uni
versity on "California ForestB." He epoke
of the importance of protecting, and pre
serving the big redwood trees and used
stereoptlcon vlewB to illustrate somo of
the more important points of the lecture.
California State Floral Society.
John RelSElr.g, who resides at 3SS4 Mis-
Pion etreet. was found lying in an uncon
cious condition at the corner of Ninth and
Market streets last Wednesday night. He
wa3 removed to the Receiving Hospital,
where it was found that he had suffered
severe wounds on the head and ,face. It
was ctated by the hospital attendants that
the old man met his accident through im
bibing too much liquor. This statement Is
refuted by his neighbors, who claim that
Mr. Relssing does not drink. Mr. 1 Reisslng
is recovering from his fall, and will be
soon able to attend to his business.
Was Not Intoxicated.
Robert C. Newell, the pianist, has made
an engagement with Trebelli to act as her
piano accompanist for a year's tour of
Australia. Mr. Newell Is now leader of
St. Paul's choir and conductor of the Or
pheus Club.
From Honolulu comes word of the wed
ding of Benjamin L. Marx, formerly of
this city, and Miss Eloise Castle, daugh
ter of W. C. Castle, the wealthy planter
of those islands. The wedding was a very
handsome affair and an event In Honolulu
society. Mr. Marx's parents and relatives
still reside In Oakland.
The engagement of Miss Josephine Mc-
Cracken of East Oakland to S. F. Brown
Jr. of Newark has been announced. Miss
McCracken has been connected with the
Oakland School Department and Mr.
Brown is a prosperous. young farmer of
Washington Township.
Helen Plaw. Arthur Dawsen. . Emilie Har
rold, Lloyd Albright. ¦ Susie Harrold. Taylor
Albright Loui*e Boyd, Warren Harrow, Ilmla
Jcnes. Boyd Harrold, Gilbert Jones, Alice Al
bright. Georgie Morwadel Lettcher Albright,
Walter Hush, Valentine Hush. Fannie Plaw.
Mfidlln Clay, Lottie Tomis. Cecil Harrold.
Minnie Corria, ' Catherine Hanson, Freddie
Hanson, Charles King, Alice Glen, Jossle
Glen.
Every attendant will be presented with
a copy of the new Fabiola calendar.
OAKLAND, Dec. 14.— The Fabiola
Christmas calendar tea will be held at the
residence of Mrs. Willard T. Barton to
morrow .(Saturday). The storm will not
compel a postponement and those- who
wish to attend may take the Piedmont
cars to Mrs. Barton's residence, 570 Oak
land avenue. The hours will be from 2
to 5. A charming programme has been
arranged. Mrs. Barton will be assisted
in receiving by many prominent ladies of
Oakland. Mrs. Camllle d'Arville-Crellln
and Miss Edith Vernon Ward will sing.
The little Fruttvale Christmas carol slng
erB will take part. These are now under
the care and training of Miss Violet Al
bright. Miss King will accompany the
little ones on the ptaho and Mr. HIggin
upon the flute. The names of the little
ones are:
THE FABIOLA CALENDAR TEA.
Thus the tide of tourist travel has been
turned to California and the Southern
railroads realise that they have to .do
something extraordinary if they are to
get back their old time winter -travel, ir
through trains can be run from Chicago
to California, why cannot through trains
be sent from the Windy City to Florida,
the Southern managers argued. And »o
this winter, for the first time, luxurious
ly equipped trains of the latest Pullman
construction will run from Chicago to St.
Augustine. Fla., and the trip will be'made
in thirty-one hours, or seven hours leas
than the best time possible under former
schedules. The train will be run every
day In the week.
Meanwhile the roads to the Pacific
Coast are planning to hold "n to t
Western travel which they have de
veloped to so great an extent in recent
years. Besides first class Pullman trains
from Chicago, New York, Boston and
other centers, the Western roads will of
fer special colonists' rates to ! this city
from Eastern centers. These will be in
force in March, April and May, and be
sides the many who will take advantage
of these special rates there will be a bisc
influx of visitors who will attend the Ep
worth League convention^ here in July.
So all in all, local railroad officials ex
pect to be able to hold their own despite
the keen Southern competition:
The rivalry between railroads to Cali
fornia and Florida for tourist traffic
promises to be keener this winter than
ever before. For several years past
there has been a steady Increase in the
number of persons coming to the Pacific
Coast, while the travel to Florida an:l
other Southern points has suffered a cor
responding decrease. One reason at
tributed to the big increase in Pacific
Coast travel is the improvement in pas
senger service that has been made by
nearly all the Western roads. The be"t
equipped and most comfortable cars have
been provided and tne rates have been
brought down.
Programme Which the Class^of '01
Will Follow From Now Until
Their School Days End.
ALAMEDA. Dec. 14.-Commencement
exercises for the December graduates- of
the Alameda High School were held this
morning by the raising of the class flag
over the school building by Carlton Baker,
president of the class. The flag was made
by a committee of young ladies of the
class. At 3:30 o'clock this afternoon the
informal graduations took place. Rev.
Frank S. Brush will preach the baccalau
reate sermon next Sunday at the Presby
terian church, where the class will go in
a body. A lunch will be tendered the
class of June, 10, on December 18, after
which the graduation exercises proper will
be <held In the senior class rooms. Ad
dresses-will be made by Principal- A. W. 1
Scott, Miss E. J. Hamilton and Carlton
Baker. Unveiling the class gift to the
school and singing the class song will be
among the features. December 19 is the
date set for the class party, to take place
at Harmonie Hall. ¦
Those who graduate with the claps are;
Ar;.o Lewis. Jessie Mackie. Grace Knight,
Elma Swain. W. J. Foster, Cora 8. Taft,
Dagmar White, Lottie Levy, Helen M.
Durkee, Emily A. Thornton, J. Q. White.
Carlton Baker, Matilda Shreve, Stella
Scott, J. E. Hall, Marion Gerald. Kate
Bunker. Ottellne Yates, Stella Wleland,
Irma Frank and Alice Hiller. -
COMMENCEMENT FOR THE
HIGH SCHOOL GRADUATES
Popular Talk on Psychology.
OAKLAND. Dee. 14.— The conclndlns
lecture in the series offered this fall by
the First Unitarian Church will be de
livered next Monday evening bv Profes
sor George M. Stratton. head of the psy
chological laboratory of the University of
California. - Dr. Stratton's subject will ba
"Imitation. Suggestion and Hypnotlu**"
A • _ ft! ¦¦ ¦<!¦!¦ ¦¦¦Illl ¦¦» fi)tm MA I I 1 K
NIL.ES. Dec. 14.— Ben C. Sanborn. the
only son of Daniel M. Sanborn. died yes
terday after a sickness of only four days.
He was taken with a heavy cold which
developed the most acute symptoms and
could not be checked. Young Mr. San
born had been running the Sanborn ranch
for "bis father, 'who was old and feeble.
Hla mother died a few years ago.
Death of Ben C Sanbom.
local pulled out of Berkeley station this
afternoon car No. -117 of the Oakland
Transit Company's line, going east along
Center street, crashed Into yie last coach
of the train. The front of the car was
wrecked and the rear step and gate of
the train were broken oft.
Motorman Harry Downes had left the
car to speak to the engineer on the train.
Conductor George Beal turned on the
power and started the car slowly toward
the local track. In some way he miscal
culated his distance and ran the car so
close that the last step of the outgoing
train struck it. There was no one on the
outside of the car at the time of the ac
cident and no one was Injured.
CONDTJCTOB RUNS, CAB
INTO BEBKELEY LOCAL
Turns on the Power White the Motor
man Is Absent and Causes
Trouble.
BERKELEY * Dec. 14.— Aii the S o'clock
ALAMEDA, Dec. 14.— In competition
with three other schools of the city to
day, the Haight, Wilson and Lafayette
schools, the Encinal School won the an
nual spelling match for the -prize offered
by Dr. W. K. Scott, president of the
Board of Education. When the thirty
minute crossfire of words closed this
Afternoon in the final contest between the
Encinal and Haight schools, the former
had ceven out of its twenty bright pu
pils standing and the Haight only had
rive, so the judges gave it the trophy. The
words were put by School Superintendent
Hughes, and E. W. Maslln and Dr. W. K.
Scott acted as judges.
In the preliminary contests In the morn
ing the Encinal beat the Longfellow
School, having seventeen of its team
standing as against fifteen for its com
petitor The contest between the Haight
and Wilson schools was very dose, the
former winr.ing by but one point, the
score being eighteen to seventeen.
There was a special contest for a prize
among the twelve spellers who remained
standing at the end of the final contest
in the afternoon. Little Sarah Hackett.
a colored lass, was the s competitor who
outspelled all the others.
Little Miss Sarah Hackett, a Colored
Lass; Outspells All the Beat
of the Young Competitors.
ENCINAL SCHOOL WINS
:- THE SPELLING MATCH
tion.
OAKLAND. Dec. 14.— The graduates of
the Oakland High School were to-day an
nounced as follows:
Ida Emilie Bechtel. Olive Cutting Burroughs
Susan Elixabeth Caig, Fred Martin Cotter-.
Bmily Anita Dillon. Elizabeth Mar Fokom?
Flora Ormls Frtckstad. Louis Alonzo Glam
bonl, Mary Lucretla Gross, Dorothea Kern
Jewett. Harry Edward Kelfer. Mae Isabella
Kriijrht. James Fulton Kutz. Walter Booth
Mocauley, Florence Louise Malone. Evelyn
Maxwell. Albert Masion Meads, Victor Nichol
son Metcalf, Elizabeth Moran. Aynes Mary
Reynolds, Robert Thomaa Sutherland, James
Robert Westdahl, Charles Henry Wllcox,
Mamie Elizabeth Will lams, Alice Wills, Mar
garet Wilhelmlna Wythe.
The class will glvo a farce entitled "A
Scrap of Paper" on Thursday evening
next. The graduating exercises will b9
held in the gymnasium of the High School
on Friday evening. December XL. Dr.
Dille of Oakland will deliver the address.
The cast of characters for "A Scrap of
Paper" is as follows:
Prosper Couramont, Walter Macauley; Baron
de la Glacier*. Harry Keifer; Buaemoucbc.
Robert Sutherland ; Anatole. Robert Westdahl;
Baptiste. James Kutz; Francois. Albert Mead *;
Lcuiso de la Glaclere. Flora Frtckstad; Mile.
Suzanne de Ruserville, Lucretla Gross; Ma
tliilde, Emily Dillon; Mademoiselle Zenoble.
Alice Wills; Madame Dupont, Mae Knight;
Pauline, Florence Malone.
Flans for the Gradua-
Names of the Graduates and the
YULETIDE CLASS OF
OAKLAND HIGH SCHOOL
Captain Seymour ordered Strauss de
tained until this morning, when it is ex
pected the friends of Hirschfeld will make
a formal charge.
The day before Hlrschfeld committed
suicide he called on Captain Seymour and
told how he had been ruined by Strauss.
He had employed Strauss as a solicitor in
an advertising calendar scheme which
Strauss had proposed to him. He told th-j
captain that Strauss had many large or
ders, the contracts for which were slgnc.l
by i"K firms of this city, and that Strauss
would take the goods from the firm osten
sibly for delivery.
By accident he learned that his solicitor
had never delivered any goods, but had
taken order after order and Btored them
In his room. Later, .when Hirachfel-i
found that the contracts were forged ones,
he blew out his brains.
"I. felt that Hlrschfeld was going to
quit," said Strauss, "and I did not want
to take any the worst of It, so I thought
I would grab what I could out of the
wreck. I did what any other man would
do to protect his Interest in a "tottering
firm. As for Hlrschfeld losing $6000, that
is nonsense. Being a new concern, our
firm had "no rating, and my partner went
good to our creditors. What loss was in
curred Hlrschfeld took to heart. I think
he intended to kill me. but I was too
foxy." •
Strauss takes the affair lightly.. He said
he has been about town doing business
since Hlrschfeld's death and that he will
continue to' conduct the affairs of the
firm.
Strauss waa taken before Captain Sey
mour and made a statement in which he
declared that 'he was a full partner In
the advertising firm and not a solicitor.
He said he was unable to agree with
Hlrschfeld and as the mutual feeling waa
that a suit for dissolution was inevitable,
both he and Hirschfeld had been active
in getting for themselves individually
whatever they could out of the firm.
Samuel J. Strauss, an advertising solic
itor, on account of whose alleged crooked
transactions his employer. Walter Hirsch
feld. committed suicide on the 4th inst.,
was arrested last night by Detectives
Graham and Fitzgerald and locked up in
the City Prison.
Police Hold S. J. Strauss
for Alleged Crooked
Transactions. \
WILL BE CALLED
ON TO EXPLAIN
Mr. Percy has been a resident of Oak
land for fourteen years. He leaves a wid
ow and four children, two girls and two
boys. He was one of the committee that
selected the plans for the Oakland Free
Library, now In .course of construction,
and was president of the Technical So
ciety of San Francisco.
In Oakland Mr. Percy had just com
pleted the De Fremery estate building on
Washington street, and he had completed
the plans for a business block, hotel and
theater for Alexander Young in Honolulu.
In Stockton Mr. Percy constructed the
State Insane Asylum. In Alameda he
built the City Hall.
George W. Percy was born in Bath. Me.,
in 1847, and received his early education
in the Kents Hill Academy in that State.
He took several eea~trips and then devoted
himself to the study of architecture under
Mr. Fassett in Portland, Me. He then
went to Boston, where he entered the of
fices of Bradley & Winslow. In 1869 he
came to California and Dullt the Stockton
Insane Asylum buildings. When the great
fire swept Chicago If© went to that city,
and from there went to Boston after the
big fire there. In that city he built the
Equitable Life Insurance building. In 1S7(>
he returned to California and has lived
here ever since.
Folger estate building and the Edison
electric building, and he was engaged in
work upon the Alvinza Hayward resi
dence at the time of his death.
Buckton— Wasn't it Solomon who salt!
that "charity begins at home"?
Nendlck— I shouldn't wonder. Judging
from the extent of his family. — Life.
"My dear, why don't you hit the naif on
the head sometimes?"
"I do. Look at my thumb." — Chicago
Times-Herald.
OAKLAND, Dec. 1*»^-George W.
Percy, the well-known architect,
of the firm of Percy & Hamilton,
in San Francisco, died very sud
denly .at his home, 318 Boulevard
Terrace, in tnls city, this morning. Mr.
Percy had not been feeling very well for
some time, but it was not regarded as se
rious. He had been in constant attend
ance upon his office and was there yester
day. He came home last evening com
plaining of a cold. This morning the
weather was threatening, and Mrs. Percy
prevailed upon her husband to remain at
home. Shortly before noon Mr. Percy was
seUed with a violent headache. Dr. Llllen
craotz was called, but before he arrived
Mr. Percy was dead.
The funeral will take place from the res
idence on Sunday afternoon at 2 o'clock.
George W. Percy was one of the best
known architects in the State. He built
many of the prominent structures in San
Francisco, Oakland, Alameda, Stockton
and Los Angeles. He was the architect of
the coliseum on Strawberry Hill, in Gold
en Gate Park, of the children's building
and of several other structures in the
park. He was the architect of the Acad
emy of Sciences building on Market street,
of the Wells-Fargo block on Mission
street, the Hobart estate building, the
VIRTUE WIELDS
POWER OF MAGIC
Rabbi Nieto Preaches on
of Good Life
and Actions.
Rabbi Jacob Nieto made a forceful plea
for the Hebraic creed at Congregation
SUerith Israel last night. He compared
the Jewish faith to Wagner's heroine
Elsa, who, by her unconscious, attitude
toward her bitterest enemies, succeeded
in disarming their malice and in wielding
the "magic power of the conquest of
evil." The lecturer had bitter words for
the decriers of the faith and in com
menting on the general currency of false
reports concerning the Hebraic ritual
said: "In this world any tale, no matter
how bad or Improbable It may be, will be
believed, always providing its subject be
a woman or some religious institution.
These are the most helpless creatures on
earth." ,
In the course of his remarks the rabbi
also had little favor for those who would
insist on a strict rendering of the old
saw, "Handsome is as handsome does."
"Every great man," he said, "has a kink
in his character; not anything in this
world is perfect." The lecturer instanced
sunbeams, which, to be seen in their full
beauty, must be viewed through a prism-
Continuing he spoke in part as follows:
"If you will but try, and try earnestly,
to stamp out evl.1 it is then that a magic
power will be granted you— the magic
power of the conquest of evil. You may
perhaps be accused by those envious of
your 'state of dealing in strange devices,
but you bear in your hand the wonderful
talisman of truth. The blood of a man
who has died for truth is never wasted.
It consecrates forever the ground on
which it falls. The Jewish religion
stands for truth and is therefore unas
sailable." ¦'¦-!¦"/'*¦¦'•
The Rev. Jacob Voorsanger omitted his
usual ¦ Frldav night sermon at Temple
Emanu-El last night owing to the length
of the service preceding. A large congre
gation was disappointed by tne rabbi's de
cision. , ¦'„ . _ ¦ •*
Eastern Star Banquet.
OAKLAND, Dec. 14.— Unity Chapter of
the Eastern Star met at its new hall In
Oakland Tuesday evening, and after the
close of the usual proceedinsrs all re
paired to the banquet hall, where the re
mainder of the evening was passed In dis
posing of a splendid collation prepared by
Mrs. Adams and her committee, and in
social enjoyments. ' There was a delight
ful programme of cheery sentiments and
hearty responses. Mrs. S. M. Steels acted
as toastmaster.
A friend of mine has a half sister of
whom she was speaking one day to a
caller, who came in with her little boy.
The child listened silently, and then with
a perplexed face he asked. "Why, where's
the other half ?"— Worcester Spy.
T. F. Carbine of Caledonia, Minn., has
either been foully dealt with while in this
city or he has suffered a remarkable lapse
of memory in the last two months.
On October S Carbine entered the Fa
loon of Tom Ferguson, 717 Market street,
and called for a drink.
Barkeeper Vincent asked Carbine what
he would have, and the latter requested
that a "bottle of wine" be opened up.
The bubbling vintage of_ France was
quaffed by Carbine as if it was water, says
Vincent, and with a casual look around
the saloon. Carbine said:
"This seems to be a pretty nice place;
I guess that I will leave some money here
for safe keeping."
Suiting the action to the word. Carbine
pulled five $20 gold pieces out of his pocket
and handed them to Barkeeper Vincent.
The barkeeper called Mr. Ferguson, who
took the money and prepared to write a
receipt for the amount. .
Carbine, who was under the influence
of liquor, threw another glance around
the bar and proceeded to pile more "twen
ties" on the" counter. Vincent advised the
customer to leave, some more of his mon
ey, seeing that he was likely to "go down
the line." and with a laugh the man from
Minnesota increased his deposit to $200,
receiving a receipt from Ferguson.
Carbine then left the saloon and that was
the last time Ferguson or any of his em
ployes saw the stranger. •
That a- deliberate attempt was recently
made by Borne one to secure the $200 left
by Carbine is shown by Mr. Ferguson'e
statement* made last evening.
"After 4his man Carbine left his money
with me I did not pay any attention to
the matter for some days, as customers
are in the habit of leaving money for me
to take care of." said Ferguson.
"But when days went into weeks and
he did not call, I made up my mind to re
port the matter to the police. That very
day, November 17, I received a lette.r from
Tracy, Cal., written on plain paper and
enclosed in a plain envelope. The writer
signed himself J. F. Carbine and asked
me to send on the $200 left with me on
October 8, and to forward the money care
of the Tracy Hotel. I was suspicious and
decided to write and hold the money. I
wrote to T. F. Carbine, care of the Tracy
Hotel, and acknowledged the receipt of
hls,letter, but pointed out that I wanted
to protect myself, and if .he would go to
Mr. Sharp, the proprietor of the hotel,
and get from that gentleman an assur
ance that he (the writer) was the man
who had left the money with me I would
forward the amount.
"I received no answer, and two weeks
ago the clerk of the hotel came to the
city on a visit and called to see me. He
said that a letter sent from my place of
business and addressed to T. F. Carbine,
cafe of the hotel, had been uncalled for,
and I then told him the story. He said
that no one of that name ever registered
at the hotel in November, and the name
was unknown in Tracy. The letter was
sent back to me a few days ago by Mr.
Sharp, as it had never been called for. I
shall report the .matter to the police anu
let. them work on tho case."
Inquiries made last evening show that
T. F. Carbine of "Caledonia, Minn., regis
tered at the Winchester House, on' Third
street, on- October 6 last. The books of
the house show that Carbine paid for his
room for four weeks and four nights and
then left, since which time he has not
been seen by the attaches of the house.
Carbine la described by Mr. Ferguson
and his employes as being a man about 37
years old, 5 feet 9 inches in height, heav
ily built and of dark complexion, with
dark hair and black mustache. He im
pressed Ferguson as being either a mining
man or a mechanic.
T.,F. Carbine Leaves $200
in a Saloon and Drops
Out of Sight.
FAILS TO CALL
FOR HIS MONEY
OAKLAND, Dec. 14.— The most
successful bit of music to come
from the j»en of a local composer
Is "The Athens March." written
by Mrs. Eva E. Perkins of this
city. The march is one of the musical
numbers produced by the Hungarian Or
chestra at the Orpheum Theater. In San
Francisco, this week, and has attracted
considerable attention from the musical
critics.
Mrs. Eva E. Perkins is the wife of
Gecrge E. Perkins, the eldest son of
United* States Senator George C. Perkins,
and is well known in musical circles in
Rivalry Is Keen Between
California and Florida
Roads.
PROMISE OF HEAVY
TOURIST TRAVEL
Oakland and San Francisco. Mrs. Per
kins has written several musical- bits, in
cluding the "1900 Campaign March."
which was played extensively In the Enst
•luring the political campaign jupt .closed.
She then added "1 he Athens March" to
her list of compositions, and dedicated it
to Athens Parlor No. 185 of Native Sons.
Thi3 march proved so catchy and bright
that it was taken up by the Orpheum
management as the most successful new
music that they could secure.
The composition displays considerable
merit, and the musical friends of Mrs.
Perkins feel that she has much In store
for the music-loving community and her
self in this line.
AUTHOR OF "THE ATHENS MARCH," WHOSE. WORK HAS ATTRACT
ED THE ATTENTION OF MUSICAL CRITICS AND WHO IS SAID TO
POSSESS UNUSUAL TALENT.
The competition with our home products,
and especially the freedom of the Filipinos
to settle in the States; were causes of
alarm. The considerations, he said, might
very appropriately have had Influence
when the question of taking over the
Philippines was before us. but it was now
too late.
He agreed that the provisions of the
Spanish treaty, and of all treaties, were
subject to the constitution and could not
impair it, and if the islands became part
of the United States, in the sense of the
constitution, their people became citizens,
and the revenue clause, which was espe
cially under discussion in the Porto Rican
case, applied. He argued that the five
limitations in the constitution upon the
powers of Congress, whether expressed in
the affirmative or negative form, applied
to the exercise of that power in all places.
The very object in the section requiring
duties to be uniform throughout the
United States would be thwarted if for
eign goods might be admitted to Porto
Rica free, thence Into the United States
free. General Harrison especially dwelt
upon the liberty clauses of the constitu
tion as necessarily applicable to all civil
ized people owing allegiance to the United
States.
The occasion for the departure from
precedents was found, he said, especially
in the character of tho Inhabitants of the
Philippines. As to Porto Rico and Ha
waii, there would probably have been no
occasion for treating them otherwise than
wo have usually done.
ANN ARBOR, Mich., Dec. 14.-General
Benjamin Harrison delivered a lecture
this evening: before the Students' Lecture
Association of Michigan University. He
spoke upon the theme of the relation of
the annexed territories and their civilized
inhabitants to the United States. The
lecture was, as General Harrison de
clared, not intended to be a legal argu
ment on questions brought Into the dis
cussion of some of the views that have
been expressed in relation to the status of
cur annexed territories. JThe lecturer de
clared that we had done something out
of line with our historical precedents not
in the way of expansion, but in the char
acter of it. He said we had taken over
peoples rather than lands, as heretofore.
He held the view that the civilized inhab
itants of the territories were citizens of
the United States, and. that the revenue
provisions of the constitution relating to
exaction for federal purposes applied to
the territories. '
executors of 'the estate of the late C. F.
Crocker, have not decided to build a new
hotel in San Franctsco. Many report*
haie been circulated tor the effect that a
building to be used for hotel purposes
would be erected on the lots at Van Xesa
avenue and Suitor Street. Other rumois
designated the Calvary Church property,
at the northwest corner of Geary and
Powell streets, as th^ site of the magnlfl.
cent caravansary.
The fact that no decision has been
reached on the question of hotel building
does not signify a disposition on the part
of the executors to withhold Investment la
San Francisco. There are no indication*
that the great fortune which Colonel Fred
Crocker bequeathed to nis three children
will be transferred to New York. The re
cent marriage of Miss Mary Crocker to
Burton Harrison, a young attorney of
New York, ha3 caused some conjectures
concerning; future investment of money
derived from the estate. Mr. Harrison la
said to be a capable and prudent business
man. In all affairs concerning the estate
the executors rsk for his judgment. Ha
will \islt California next "May and lelsur*
ly study the Held of proposed investment.
After exchanging views with the execu
tors the subject of building and equipping
a modern, high class, fire-proof hotel will
probably come up for discussion and final
settlement.
The right of rich men and women to
invest their money wherever investment
promises the surest and best return is
not often questioned by Callfornlans. but
some of the old timers who worked har-l
and made great sacrifices in the develop
ment of the State contend that the wealth
which was produced in California shouM
be here invested and reinvested. The re
mark is often made that threats of hos
tile legislation in the constitution of 1373
caused the transfer from this State for
investment elsewhere of at least one hun
dred million dollars.
Bankers, who give the subject of In
vestment careful study, note that the rich
men of California are generally loyal to
the State. Loyalty in this regard is not
noted as one of the attributes of tho
wealthy Callfornian widow. The opulent
fair one prefers to take her money and
spend it abroad. Resident bankers are
surprised at the magnitude of sums sem'
annually and quarterly remitted from San
Francisco to maintain rich widows who
elect to. live In Europe.
A vast deal of the wealth derived from
the Comstock was invested in San Fran
cisco, but millions went to Europe. For
tunes acquired by the < great railway
magnates have been widely distributed.
The Crockers are loyal to California. The
University of Palo Alto stands as an ex
ample of the Stanford loyalty. The
property known as the Mark Hopkins
Institute of Art is about all that Cali
fornia contains of the Mark Hopkins
estate. The estate of C. P. Huntingdon
adds but little to the taxable wealth of
California.
Burton Harrison Will Visit This
State Next Hay and Then New »
Enterprises Can Be
Considered.
Henry T. Scott and Charles E. Green,
Executors of Crocker Estate
Not Planning to Build
a Hotel. 5* s
MAY NOT INVEST
THE MONEY HERE
ply- to Islands.
stitution Relating to Exactions
for Federal Purposes "Ap-
General Harrison's Views
Anentf Status of the
Filipinos.
¦ • - .• • \ * .
Says Be venue Provisions of the Con-
HOLDS THAT THEY
ARE CITIZENS
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, DECEMBER 15* 1900,
Wgs Designer of- Many Famous
i Buildinas in San Francisco.
DEATH OF G. W. PERCY,
WELL-KNOWN ARCHITECT
MRS. EVA E. PERKINS
COMPOSES NEW MARCH
Clever VYiFe of Senator's Son Has Rare
Ability in Musical Line.
11
Pretty boxes and odors
are used to sell such
soaps as no one would
touch if he saw them un-
disguised. Beware of a
soap that depends on
something outside of it.
Pears', the finest soap
in the world is scented or
not, as you wish; and the
money is in tfie merchan-
dise, not in the box.
All sorts of stores sell it, especially
droggisis; all sorts of people are
csi&g it.
I Biliousness and Torpid Liver, i!
ra>J Caused by: OTerloadlDS the stomach, leaves your system In a condition that makes &K
you susceptible to contagions diseases. If your stomach and llw are in good £4$
fiM , condition you will always enjoy good health. No medicine la the world has at- SlM
M tilned inch a world-wide reputation or been Indorsed by bo many famous and well- .^^?
>AS ¦;¦ known physicians for the positlre curs of Stomach troubles, BUlonsQesa tad Lire* &<J
%& complaints as .
*M Prescribed by the Medical Profession for 30 Years. |«1
Sgg AVERAGE; DOSE: One-half tnmWerfnl, taken half hour before breakfast will "Sv
hns cleanse your system, leare your stomach in a healthy condition and create as appe- SAJ
aSs tlte. * Kg
H I riAI/ atthcUtcl, ; A Cl/ for the fall Name, 8$
W LUUI\ BlacandRcd. \ Aw) it "Hanyadi-Janos" $THE ,SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, DECEMBER 15, 1900.
12
SAST FRANCISCO CALL.
BUSINESS OFFICE cf The Saa Franclsoo
Call, corner of Market and Third streets; open
until 13 o'clock every night In the year.
BRANCH OFFICES— 627 Montgomery street,
corner Clay; open until *:30 p. m. ¦
800 Ksyes street; cpen until »:33 p. za.
«38 McAMrter street: ope'n until J:30 p. m.
C15 Larkln street: cpen until 9:30 p. ra.
1M1 Mission street: open until 10 p. m.
TStl Mi.-i.ct street, ccraer Slrteenth; open
until •$•.«.
106 Eleventh street ; open untfl > p. m.
I0£« Valencia street: cpen until » p. m.
Northwest corner Twenty-second and Ken-
Tricky streets: cpen pntll t p. m.
MEETING XOT1CES. .
CALTFOP-NIA Chapter No. I. R. A. ¦
M.. will meet THIS (SATURDAY) _#_
EVENING, l>-o. 3.S. at 7:SC o'dick. TJX
P. M. s~-.d M. Ev M. degrees. By or- /
der of the H. P.
FRANKLIN H. DAY. Secretary.
THE funersi committee of Ger-
mania Lodce No. 116. I. O. O. F\. ~*2&ar5re=
ir rwjuesttd to meet SUNDAY." rZtt 1^^^
December :6, at 1:30 p. m., to at- " /// *
teriiJ tht* funeral of our late brother, M.
KAETHELE, at Odd Fe'.lowrs" Kali. Market
st. By order of the N. O.
E. ROTOEH. Secretary.
THE annual meeting of the stockholders ..? the
Nevada National Rank of San Francisco, Cal.,
will be held at its banking house. 301 Mont-
comery St.. San Francisco. Cal.. on TUES-
DAY. January 8. ISM. at 3:15 o'clock p. m..
for the election of directors to eerie for the
ensuing year and tfce transaction of such
other business as rr.ay ccrr.e before the nieet-
lr.g. GEO. GRANT, Cashier.
San Francisco. December 8. 1900.
AGEXT5 WANTED.
SOLICITORS OH AGENTS.
Gentlemen or ladle* ha\-ing experieno* can
moke biz moaejr.
Applv at cr.ee between S and 12 a. m.
UTICA CLEANSING COMPOUND CO..
21 Epear st.
l?no TO $500 per month: men or women: salary
or commission. 92" Market St.. room 615.
ADOPTION.
A GOOD home open for girl or boy baby. Ad-
drese MRS. DR. FTXKE, 2416 Eighth et.
Als.me<!a.
ASPHALTLM KOOFIXG.
J. PELTIER, asrhsit roofing, sidewalks re-
paired; postal. US6 Mission: tel. FoUom 1607.
ASTROLOGY.
PH. C. TOrSET TAYLOR. Scientific Astrolo-
ger — Free o»py "The New Moon." Tes Market.
ATTORNEYS AT LAW.
R_ TV. KING. 1CT Market St.. 6th floor, room 627
— Esrutes. damages, attachments, bankruptcy.
collections; all cases; fair fee; no advance
ch&ree*-; loans on estates. Tel. Howard 1537.
ADVICE free; filvcrce law a specialty ; private;
no fee without success; collections. G. W.
HOWE, atty at law, £20 Market, oor. Stockton.
I. FDW. JARKETT. Hearet bldg.. Third and
Market gts.; phone Red £262.
ADVICE free: no charge unless successful. W.
W. DAVIDSON. S27 Market st.. opp. Mason.
L E. CLARK. Emma Spreckels bldg.. 927 Mar-
ket ft.: consultation free; no fees in advance.
BATH CADIXETS.
ROBINSON. Niagara, Perfection and others. W.
S. BROWN CO..- agency. 4:6 Ellis St.. S. F.
BICYCLES For Sale or Exchange.
EICTCLES at reduced prices; we are clearing
out our 1500 models to make room for new
1??1 rtock. Yosemlte Cycle Works, 1^22 Market.
BOARDIXG FOR CHILDREN.
LADT who has a sunny flat would like some
children to board. Call 452 Clipper Bt.
BUSINESS CHANCES.
A— J1250-CORXER groaery and bar, one block
eouth cf McAllister St.; rent J45; 4V4 years
lease: etock will Invoice the prioe; a good-
p&ylnp t>uainep? and established many years.
Call R. G. WILKE. IVi Kearny et.
A— J45OO; saloon; estab. 20 years; close to Chron-
icle blig. : stock will invoice the price; lease:
place known as one of the beEt-paying resorts
in th'.s city. Call R. G. WILKE, 26% Kearey.
S400 — COR NEK saloon on Davis St.; no Sunday
cr night work: rent S«0; a first-class paying
propOTitioa. Inquire R. O. WILKE, 264
Kearny Et.
I-w— FOR sale— Saloon, one block north of
Market ft.; under present ownership over a
dozen years; reasonable rent; examine etock;
rare chance. Particuiaw R. G. WILKE, 2<ii
Kearny Et.
A— i60C; CORNER saloon on Jackson et.: rent
S20; kept by present owner 7 years; good busi-
ness ; clearing J1I5 per month. R. G. WILKE.
2CH Kearny et.
A— $750; ONE-HALF Interest in good paying
;¦• -i.'iurar.t on Kearny et.; a first-class prop-
osition for the right party. R. O. WILKE,
161* Kearay Bt.
A— 11200; BAKERT. corner, in Western Add.;
estab. many years; 4 horses, wagon, etc; bak-
ing 4 barrels per day; 6 living rooms, bath;
r^nt $50; 5 years' lease; death of owner causs
oi yale. R. G. WILKE. 264 Kearny Bt.
A HALF-INTEREST in an old established
la.unary; horse and wagon; price $500; a flrst-
rla.es paying business; or will cell one-third
Interptt at the eaaie price and Invest the
money for machinery. Call R. G. WILKE,
IXVi Kearny tt.
CORNER grocery store for rent, $25 : formerly
t60; big city, country trade. LATMANCE,
<60 Eighth et., Oakland.
$40 l J— FRENCH laundry, with all tools neces-
sary; doing flne business. BASILE, % Eddy Bt.
IT you want to buy. Bell or exchange anything
on earth see E. J. LUNDIN. 93S Market Bt.
J40&— GRAND opportunity for lady or gent; lo-
cation perfect: clears, stationery.- notions.
Waiting room, Twenty-third ave. .station.
East Oakland. J
FOR sale or rent— 2Z& acres In the oil belt near
tthe Stone C&nyon coal mine; 200 men now at
xvork. C. F. MOORE, 9S5 Market St., room «.
FOR sale— Small restaurant; reasonable; two
llvir.g-rocm«. Box 762, this office.
STATIONERY and candy store; downtown lo-
cation: no ae-ents. M. D. JAHNKE, 28 Eddy.
WANTED— A good energetic business, man
with J15W, to buy half-interest in a flne
novelty patent, with the exclusive sale right
of the United States and Canada; patent at
ofUce. 218 KaiKome rt.
A COAL, :.:>>• end grain business; established
over 15 years; one of the best locations In the
city; paying now over $7 per day net. For
particulars call or address M. F. THOMP-
SON, room 210. Eafe Deposit building.
A-PLAT THE RACES— — — —
20 to 50 per cent profit monthly on our new
ejrtem; call and investigate. Jfi. a HAND &
CO.. expert handicapj>ers. euit 12. 84 Kearny.
J1000— GROCERY and bar; rent JSO for store
and « rooms upstairs; lease if desired. WICH-
UAX, LUTGEX & CO., 318 Pay st.
WANTED — A man as partner with fiOO to as-
sist Incorporate a mining company. Box 740.
Call office.
JM0— PARTNER wanted In well-paying restau-
frant. Particular* inquire- at 1067 Market, up-
etairs, in photo callery; agents avoided.
5400— CORNER grocery and bar; good business;
laree stock; fine fixtures; cause elckness. Ad-
drew box 72S. Call office.
RESTAURANT for sale, with lease; good pay-
ing business; saf*-. cash register, etc; open
for Inspection. 1Z5 Ellis et.
fiOO— STATIONERY, dean stock and fixtures;
good holiday trade. Address box £52, Call.
CANDY. Ice cream, clpar and stationery store;
laundry office. CCS Post, cr. Taylor; no agents.
A BAKERY, delicatessen and confectionery
etore; JIOO. 948 Howard Bt.
KIRST-CLASS saloon for sale; on account of
death; S1800. 'Call 222 Fell st.
KIKE restaurart; central location; big bus. bon-
ton; cheap rest; paying. 827 Market, r. 615.
TOUNG man want* lady or gentleman partner;
SeOG; legitimate business. Box 238, Call office.
A BRAKCH office for Call adi-ertlsements and
subscriptions has been established at 10M
Valencia gt.
LODGIXG-HOtSGS FOR SALES.
MONET loaned on lofigteg-nouses, 1^4 p. c;
anything you want in lodging-houses; e'mplee:
Zt rooms; on Powell St.: rent 1115: price. .11900
24 rooms; on Leaven worth ; rent $125; price If 03
1C rooms; on tunny side; rent f25; price.. 750
I rooms; on Geary st; rent $40; price.... 4J0
12 rooms; O'Farrell Bt.; rent $50; price... 650
<> rooms : Turk st. ; rent $27 ; pric* 4- . . 300
2? rooms in center of Oakland, with front
block, lawn palms, flowers, roees, no work,
full of teachers, income $8$, price $U00, half
ca*h, rent $32: a S45O piano for $300.
For quick sales list your houses with A. L.
WILLEY. S16 Market St.; phone Black 5216.
C» ROOM6; rent SISO ~.$2»X»
15 rooms; nicely furnished 9CC
300 rooms; c-lecant furniture 6000
Will loan from MOO up at 1H P«r cent.
DAVIS & RrVBS. r. 69. 816 Mkt St.
j:jto— «o ROOMS; flne location; well furnished;
all rented; low rent BASILS, I Eddy st.
S1S0— BARGAIN; 14-room lodging-house; fur*
filched. Affly iZi Dvpoot eu
LODGIXG-MOUSKS FOR SALE.
A— 22-ROOM house; central.!.. ......$1000
EC-room house; first class 1050
11-room house; $475; 6-room fiat S25
20-room house: Eddy; rent $75: only 900
FISHER & CO., 1C32 Market St.
SNAP— 11 rooms, furnished; clears $25 per mo. ;
only $125. FISHER & CO.. 1032 Market st
CARRIAGES AND AVAGOXS.
COLUMBUS BUGGY CO.. clearance sale; low-
wheel, rubber-tire road wagon. $80; other
etyles at proportionately low prices; suitable
Xmas presents. Markt. nr. 9th., opp. Et Nich.
ALL kinds of wesrons, buggies, carts, harness,
etc.. cheap. EG AN & BON. 2117 Mission St.
AN A No. 1 exprecs wagon, single, also light
camping wagon, for sale cheap. 532 Mission.
NEW & 2d-hand wagons, buggies, carts & har-
negs. work & driving horses. ISth & Valencia.
SPIRITUALISM.
uuu—u—u—vw _, l _,fc.». l «n l^y-rf-><i<-w-V-M*
CONSULT SANDERS for health and fortune.
I Consult SANDERS for spiritual development.
I Consult SANDERS for wedded bliss.
I Consult SANDERS for Biblical Interpretation.
Consult SANDERS for lucky days & numbers.
Consult SANDERS for lost property.
Consult SANDEBS on all love affairs.
! Consult SANDERS and learn what to do.
Consult SANDERS for immediate good luck.
I Consult SANDERS regarding oil and mining-.
j Circles Thursdays. 2 p. m. and
Fridays at 8 p. m.. 25c.
; Consult SANDERS daily at 614 Taylor st.
MRS. DR FARNHAM. world renowned spirit-
ual medium: advice in all affairs of life, law-
suits, divorces, deaths; unites the separated;
mining a specialty; cirs. Bun., Wed.. Fri.ev s;
come and b« convinced. Permanently located
613 Eddy et.. bet. Hyde and Larkln; no sign.
THE well-known medium. MISS CHURCHILL,
from St. Paul, is here; spiritual readings on
all affairs of life; answers all questions; also
by mall: price tL 1085 Market st, suite IB,
MRS. J. J. WHITNEY, test, business me-
dium and life reader; also medical clairvoy-
ant; treats all diseases at office or by letter;
eittings. $1. 1164 O'Farrell st; take Ellis car.
MRS. KOTTETl'S circle to-night. lOo; sittings
daily; ladles 60c; gents $1. 84 Sixth St.. r. IS.
ELSIE Reynolds, removed to 830 Ellis st. Ma-
teriallrlng seance Friday evening; 50 cents.
C. Mayo-Steers. 112H Oak, spiritual medium:
readings, $1; hours 1-5 p. m.; tel. Howard 587.
MME. MAJORS, gifted spiritual medium,
healer and card reader. 146 Eddy st
FRIENDSHIP Hall, S33 McAllister— Mrs. C. J.
Meyer, sittings: convincing tests to-night; 10c.
________
MRS. DR. F. CLARK, the well-known trance
medium, is permanently located at 1206 Mar-
ket st., corner of Golden Gate ave., rooms 25
and 26; take elevator. Perfect satisfaction
guaranteed by mail. Send stamp for pamph-
let with special terms.
MME. PORTER, wonderful clairvoyant & card
reader, born with double veil — second eight;
diagnoses disease with life reading; ladles 50c.
. gents -$1; palm, and clair. sit. $1 CO. 126 Turk.
i MME. BERNARD reads life fluently; advice
i given in all affairs of life; satisfaction guar-
anteed: 25c ud. 17 Third St., next Examiner.
ISMAR, the Egyptian gypey clairvoyant and
palmist permanently located 114S Market opp.
«th: private readings daily, 10 a. m. to 5 p. m.
MRS. CAMERON, clairvoyant, card reader, me-
j dlum; 25c up- 823 Mission St., nr. 4th; ring bell.
MME. SYBILLE, 914 O'Farrell; reads life; fu-
ture husband's photo; 8 to 12 a. m. ; ladies 25a.
MRS. MELVILLE, well-known clairvoyant, wa-
ter reader, moved to 11 Sixth; German spoken.
MME. ZEREDA, the gypsy, is the great palm-
ist and card reader: 25c. 7 Seventh st
PALMISTRY, card reading; articles read clair-
voyantly gratis. 732 Eddy, nr. Polk, no sign.
MME. HANSON, palmistry, card reader; past,
present, future; 25c j 148 Sixth St.. room 14.
MME. HELMUTH, card reader, astrologist—
Ladles. 25c: German spoken. 938 Mission et.
I MME. AUGUST, clairvoyant, card reader and
palmistry; truth or no pay; 25c. 1149 Mission.
GTPSY: genuine clairvoyant: located 10 days 114
Turk st: ladles. 25c; gents. SOc "Frawley."
j MME. SCHAFFER. clairvoyant, card reader;
; fittings dally. 44S% Jessie st ¦
MRS. E. M. DUVAL. clairvoyant and business
medium. 215 Kearny st. rooms 8-10.
MME. RAVENNA reads life fluently; business
J advice: names given; 25c up. C Fourth 6t.
• CARPET BEATING AXD CLEANING.
WHEN you become disgusted with poor work
eend to SPAULDING'S Pioneer Carpet-Beat-
ing- Works. 353-357 Tehama St.; tel. South 40.
STANDARD. 813 Guerrero— Curtains and blan-
kets renoTated, 25c per pair: carpets cleaned,
Sc yd; laying a specialty. Phone Mission 106.
CARPETS cleaned at Se per yard, laid at 5c.
BTRATTON'S. 3 Eighth et.; tel. Jesale 944.
J. E. MITCHELL, Carpet-Beating and Reno-
vating Co., 240 Fourteenth st. ; tel. Mission 74.
! ADVANCE Carpet-Cleaning Co., 402 Sutter Bt.;
j tel. Main 394. GEO. WALCOM. Proprietor.
CONKLIN'S Carpet-Beating Works. 333 Golden
j Gate ave.: telephone East -126.
i . CHIROPODISTS.
CORNS, bunions. Ingrown nails, warts, chil-
blaina; painless cure. Dr. Duncan. 415 Sutter.
COLLECTION" OFFICES.
I GEORGE W. KELLY'S Agency— No charge un-
less successful. Room 310. &27 Market st
| COTTAGES TO LET.
$10— COTTAGE; rear; 4 rooms and attic; gar-
dec; water free. 1121% Filbert st
_ DENTISTS.
i ket it., cor. 4th. rm. 7, Flood bldg., you can
have your extractions done painlessly; teeth
I without plates our epecialty; gold crowns,
$3 50 up; plates, extractions free, $4 50 up; ot- 1
flee hours, 9 a. m. to 10 p. m. ; Sundays, 9 to 2
p. m. G. W. WILLIAMSON. M. D., Manager.
A— DISCOUNT of 20 per cent for 80 days on all
I plates, crowns and bridgework. Eee our new
unbreakable plate, the Rose Pearl, warranted
' for 20 years; crowns, $3 50; fillings, 50c; plates,
| $5, full set; all work painless and warranted.
| Chicago Dental Parlors, 24 Sixth st.
! EIGHT prizes for beet crowns, plates, bridges
and fillings; extractions or fillings by my won-
derful Becret painless method; 20 years' ex-
perience; no students; advice free; prices
I cheapest and guaranteed; lady attendants.
! DR. GEORGE W. LEEK. 20 O'Farrell st.
"MAIN Office" New York Dental Parlors, 1019
Market st, bet Sixth and Seventh; consult
us on crowns and bridges; teeth extracted
positively and absolutely without pain.
DR. LUDLUM HILL, 1443 Market, nr. Eleventh
—No charge for extracting when plates are
made; old plates made over like new; teeth
from $8 per set; extracting. BOc; gas given.
MODERN DENTAL PARLORS, 1208 Market
«t. ; expert extracting, crown and bridge work.
A. L. SIMPSON, D. D. 3.
PARIS Dental Parlor. 235 Kearny, cor. Bush-
Full set of teeth. $4; crowns. S3: fillings, 25c.
VAN VROOM— "Painless"; evenings and Sun-
days. 1001 Market st., corner Sixth.
SET of teeth without plate. DR. H. G.
YOTJNG. lS41-Polk st.
DEPILATORY.
O. C. C.— A Harmless liquid for permanently
removing superfluous hair; will not irritate,
burn nor poison the most delicate Bkin;agrents
wanted. Ontario Chem. Co.. ag'cy. 426 Ellis.
DRESSMAKERS AXD SEAMSTRESSES
McDOTVELL Dressmaking- and Millinery School;
patterns cut; evening class. 1019 Market st
ACCORDION pleating factory; all kinds pleat-
>ng. pinking. 121 Post, over O'Connor Sc Moflatt.
DRESSMAKING; reasonable prices; dresses
made over: perfect fit. 387 Geary st.
EDUCATIONAL.
GALLAGHER'^MARSH^oiTege, Parrott^ Bldg^—
Shorthand, typing and bookkeeping; Robert F.
Gallagher, expert court reporter, teacher of.
thorthand: reportorial phrasing taught; prac-
tlcal bookkeeping; full course. $50; catalogue,
HEALD'B BUSINESS -COLLEGE, 24 Post St.,
8. F.— Bookkeeping, shorthand, typing, lan-
guages, telegraphy, English branches, civil,
electrical and ' mining engineering, etc. ; day
and night sessions; new 80-page catalogue free.
A— THE LYCEUM, an accredited preparatory
school for the university, law and medical
colleges; references, President Jordan or any
Stanford professor. Phelan. building. . -
AYRES' Business College. 723 Market st.; day
and evening; Individual Instruction, (8 per
month; life scholarship, $50; bookkeeping,
shorthand, telegraphy, etc.; catalogue free.
MISS M. G. BARRETT, Shorthand Academy;
lessons by mall; acknowledged by official re-
portern beat teacher, best system. . 302 Montgy.'
ALL students but two taking full course this
year got positions. SAN FRANCISCO BUSI-
XESS COLLEGE. 1236 Market St.
ENGINEERING, civil, elec., mining, mech., sur-
vey, assay, cyanide, arch. : day, eve. ; est. 1864.
VAN PER NAILLEN SCHOOL. 933 Market.
TFACHERS' Agcy. A. McNelll.Mgr.. r. St Flood
bldg. ; high school, grammar, prlv. teachers.
VISITING governess; English branches, piano
and bookkeeping; BOc a lesson. Box* 747, Call.
MUNSON, School Shorthand, Typing. Bookkeep-
ing, Spanish. 137 Mont'y. B. ai. Carpenter, pr.
EDUCATIONAL. ¦ • j . -,
ATTENTION!— Tarr's pupils thorough book-
keeping- figure*; short time; college graduates
perfected; expert accounting. ¦> 220 Parrott bid.
LEARN German In three months; $5 .per
¦ month. Y. M. C. A. building. 5th floor. . . ¦
MR. and MRS. D. MANSFIELD, music studio,
violin, guitar, mandolin, banjo. 1836 Eddy st.
ILLUSTRATION— PARTINGTON"S J DAY and
ILLUSTRATION— Night class. 424" Pine st.
ARITHMETIC, bookkeeping, grammar, writing,
etc.; day or eve.; $5 mo. 1024 Mission, nr. 6th.
A WEEK'S news for 6c— The Weekly Call, 1«
pages. In wrapper, for mailing. $1 per year.
EMPLOYMENT OFFICES.
A— JAPANESE and Chinese employment con-
' tractor; estab. over 10 years; all kinds help.
421 Poet st-j near Powell: telephone Bush 1S5.
JAPANESE responsible housecleanlng co.; est.
1570; practical recommend; try them; removed
to 419 Devisadero: tel. Fell 136. F. HAMAD A.
JAPANESE and Chinese employment office;
beet help. 536 O'Farrell St.: tel. Hyde 2191.
ABC EMPLOYMENT. Office; Chinese, Japan-
ese help fur. 644 California; phone James 2601.
RELIABLE Japanese-Chinese employment of-
fice; all kinds help. 815 Stockton; Main 5183.
ORPHEUM Emplyoment Office— Japanese. Chl-
nese help.426 Powell.nr. Butter; tel.Black 6072.
CHINESE and Japanese Employment Office —
Best help. 4im O'Farrell gt. ; tel. East 426.
EMPLOYMENT WANTED FEMALE^
RELIABLE woman wishes a position to do
cooking, nurse or general housekeeping; ref-
erences. MRS. SMITH, caro E. Willis, 6H
Sacramento st.
MIDDLE-AGED lady wishes situation to take
care Invalid; can do plain cooking. 124 Welch
St., near Fourth.
WOMAN wishes situation at moderate wages i
city or country; housework. Address 267 Min-
na St.
WOMAN with, references desires to be em-
ployed half days at washing or housework:
terms 60c and car fare. Addresa box 765, Call.
COMPETENT middle-aged woman; is a good
cook or will take care of the sick; small
wages; city or country. 717 Howard at
GERMAN woman would like plain sawing to
do at hom>. ,- 951 Mission at,
GIRL wishes a position to assist In light house-
wprk. Call 638H Jessie st. ¦
AN elderly lady wishes a situation to assist in
light housework. 11 Eddy St., room 4.
MIDDLE-AGED American woman wishes a po-
sition as housekeeper in a family of adults;
good plain cook; wages $10 to $12. Address
IX, Call branch office, 800 Hayes st.
YOUNG woman desires permanent home In
this city; willing to give Jlght service ; is
neat and refined, but has lost ner hearing; no
small children. Box 746, Call office.
TOUNG married German woman wishes a slt'-
uatlon in a nice private family to work 6
or 8 hours a day. Box 734, Call office.
WINCHESTER House, 44 Third st., near Mar-
ket— 200 rooms; 25c to $150 night, $1 50 to $6
week; convenient and respectable; free 'bus
and baggage to and from ferry.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096
Valencia st. r
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office, 2200 Flllmore gt.
EMPLOYMENT WASTED MALE.
POSITION wanted by competent stenographer
of 26; one year's experience; has knowledge of
bookkeeping: moderate salary; recommenda-
tions. Box 766, Call office.
6TEADY, reliable man as coachman or stable-
man; good driver and general handy man. Ad-
dress box 760. Call office. •
YOUNG man desire* position as waiter in
email restaurant or lunch counter work. Box
76L Call office. '
WANTED— By reliable man, a position In a
saloon or as grocery clerk. Box 758, Call.
RELIABLE man wants position In private
family; understands care of horses: good
driver; can milk and do general work; good
references. Address box 7S4. Call.
SITUATION wanted by young man as ¦watch-
maker and assistant salesman; good refer-
ences. Box 748, Call.
MIDDLE- AGED man wishes position as bar-
tender; Is good all-around man; city or coun-
try. Box .55. Call. '
WANTED— By a trained nurse (26), a position
as attendant to invalid to the let of Janu-
ary, 1901. Box 147. Call office.
EXPERIENCED office man wishes situation as
bookkeeper, accountant or ether office work;
security given if wanted. A. B. box 722, Call.
SITUATION wanted— A good cake baker, fore-
man tat present employed), will change if a
better Job is offered; willing to go short dls-
tance in country. Address box 663, Call. . - /¦
JAPANESE flret-class laundry rn'an wants slt-
uatlon; work by the day. GEORGE ISHITA,
104 Eleventh st., telephone Folsom 188.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office, 2200 Flllmore st.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1O9<
Valencia st.
j FLATS TO LET.
A SUNNY flat, partly furnished; 6 rooms, 6
closets, bath and gas; reason. 223 Valencia.
FINE sunny top flat, 4 rooms; gas. 60 Ivy
ave., near Mechanics' Pavilion.
\ IF you want to move get printed list flats to let
j from BALDWIN & HOWELL. 10 Montgomery.
i MODERN 4 rooms and bath; yard and cellar.
j 312 Waller Et.
I NEW flat, 5 rooms; modern improvements. 428
! Eddy st. ¦
NEW sunny upper flat, 7 rooms and bath; all
modern improvements. 29 Laussat ave.
J 6 SUNNY rooms, bath; 3676 Seventeenth st.
! PATTERSON & CO., 11 City Hall square.
3-ROOM fiat: large yard and stable; wagon
sheds. 2 Hayward st., off Harrison.
$10— UPPER flat of 5 sunny, large rooms, base-
ment and yard. 62 Boyce St., off Geary. •
$15 — LOWER bay-window flat, 6 large sunny
' rooms. 30 Moes St.. off Howard, nr. Seventh.
$7— 4-R00M flats on Victor Bt., off Bryant, bet.
7th and Eth. Inquire at grocery, 941 Bryant.
CHEAPEST and best In America— The Weekly
Call. 16 pages, sent to any address In the
United States, postpaid, for $1 per year.;
FURXITURE FOR SALE..
4 ROOMS furnished ¦ In" oak 'jiTio. with No. 7
range. King Furniture Co., 1127-1131 Market.
ELEGANT furniture in flat at 729 Hyde st. for
sale. Call after 10 a. m.
FURNITURE WANTED.
I WOULD . like to buy furniture and carpet*
from private parties; second-hand stores need
not answer. Box 759, Call.
CHAS. LEVY buys your furniture, carpets,
pianos, eta 1135 Market st. ; tel. Jessie 761.
TO receive highest value for turn., carpets, etc.,
Eee W. B. CODY. 787 Mission, tel. Red 3353.
A. WOLLPERT. 773 Mission St., pays highest
price for second-hand furniture; tel. Red 1854.
Auctioneer— L. Vincent, 1805 Larkin; tel.Polk 691.
furniture & furn'd houses bought ; spot cash.
HELP WANTED— FEMALE.
C. R~ HANSEN & CO .........Phone Grant 186
HOTEL DEPARTMENT
6 waitresses, different first class city hotels,
$20; 8 waitresses, first class commercial ho-
tels, country, $20; waitresses, south, faw
paid, $20, to go tOrday; chambermaid, rooming
house, $20; chambermaid, country hotel, $25;
waitress, short hours on night watch, $25...
FAMILY DEPARTMENT
German or Swedish girl, 3 In family, |30;
nurse girl, 2 children, $20, references; Scan-
dinavian girl, 2 in family, country, $30, fare
paid; housegirl for small American family
on ranch, $20, choice country place; 2 nurse
girls, J15 and $18. C. R. HANSBN & CO
104 Geary st.
A— WANTED ;
Seamstress for institution across the bay;
good, steady position; $28, board, room and
laundry. W. D. EWER;& CO., 610 Clay st.
SEWTNG Machine operators wanted at -Levi
Strauss Sc Co.'b overall factory. 32% Fremont
. et. Apply to MR. DAVI8.
A NEAT girl to do housework; 3 in family;
wages $12; references. Call between 9 and 12.
627 Fillmore st.
GIRL for light housework and assist with-
\ baby; wages $10. Apply after 8 a. m., 263G
Sacramento «t. „ ?.
COOK for private family, $30. CATTELL'S.
525 Eighth st. Oakland. , ;
WANTED— Reliable Protestant girl for general
¦ housework; $20; no . washing.-: 1906 Broadway.
GIRL for housework; family of - 2; . $10. Apply
Sunday only, 264 V4 Natoma Bt.
LADY bookkeeper and stenographer. Call be-
tween 3 and 8 p. m. to-day at »02 Call : bids.
WANTED— Middle-aged . woman or ' young ¦ girl
to assist with- light housework and care i of
baty; reference. 4038 , Seventeenth tt : >;
IMMEDIATELY— Accredited teacher Latin and
, hlstoryi $100 per month. 420 Parrott bldg. »-« ¦:
-¦•; : * ,.. i... .¦ , • ,¦¦¦-
HELP WANTED— FEMALE.
WANTED— Experienced salesladies in toy, ba-
zaar and ' dry goods departments; also cash-
iers... Apply at; HALE BROS.. Inc.; 979-9S7
Market Bt.
WANTED— Competent sirl for cooking and
housework: Email family; good wages; 9 to
2, 1265 Ellla.st. ..-¦•¦¦¦
WANTED— A German girl who has had experi-
ence to attend an invalid lady; good wages.
Address box 7S0. Call.
FINISHERS on custom coats. BELASCO &
HARRIS „ CO., E41 Market st.
WANTED— Young girl to mind baby and help
with housework; sleep home. 1906 Stelner st.
WANTED— A good girl for cooking and general
housework; good wages. Add, box 749, Call.
GIRLf for general housework. 2651 Howard
street.
YOUNG -girl to assist with housework. 718
Golden Gate ave.
GOOD talloress wanted; wages no object to
right party. 2197 Powell st.
MIDDLE-AGED woman, light work; good
heme. 1879 Valdez St., Oakland. Cal.
CLASSIFIED advertisements Vnd subscriptions
received at Call branch office, 2200 Flllmore st.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 10-)6
Valencia st.
HELP WANTED— MALE.
AT C. R. HAN^mr^&~Co7rrr.7?7ri04"Geary"st]
RAILROAD WORK
26 teamsters for railroad work
....$2 a day; free fare
10 teamsters for railroad work. State of Ne-
vada :... . |2 a day; free fare
10 tunnelmen, railroad work. free fare
Fre« Fare ..Ship Dally Free Fare
150 tlemakera and woodchoppera for differ-.
. ent parts of the State at good wages; wagon-
. maker, ranch, $40 and board; harness-maker,
ranch. $30 and board; blacksmith helper, $1 50
".".V.'hOTOL' DEPARTMENT '.'.'.V.'.'.Y.'.'.'.
Head laundry man, $.35; hanger up, {20, for
hand laundry, -country hotel, fares advanced:
washer, ' country laundry, $40: baker, country
hotel, $40, faro advanced; S restaurant cooks,
$40 to $50. C. R. HANSEN & CO.. 104
Geary street. . '
AT a R. HANSEiN & CO ....104 Geary st.
4 colored waiters for country hotel, $25. C.
R. HANSEN & CO.. 104 Geary St.
A— MURRAY & READY .Phone Main 6893
Leading- Employment and Labor Agents.
.......WANT 7 A. M. TO-DAY
ISO men to cut 4-f t. and stove wood and
make redwood ties, prices $1 to $3 per cord
for wood, 9c to 12c for ties; tools and provis-
ions furnished.
farmers and wives ....ranch hands
chore men; carriage painters; boys for fac-
tories.
MURRAY & READY. 631-636 Clay St.
A— MARRIED HELP..'... BARTENDERS
bartender, country hotel, see boss here; cooks
and wives, $50; waiter and wife, mining
camp; 6 cooks, ,$30, $40 and $50; waiters,
country, $30. '
MURRAY & READY, 634-636 Clay at.
A— WANTED— 10 experienced tlemakers, red- j
wood, 10c and 12c each; 2 milkers. $35; vine-
yard hands, ' pruners, plow . hands, farmers
and others. W. D. EWER & CO.. 610 Clay.
A— WANTED— 20 woodchoppers for Sonoma ]
County, 4-foot pine, $1 25 a cord; redwood. 4- I
foot, 75c and 80c a cord, tools and provisions i
advanced: winter's Job. W. D. EWER & I
CO.; 610 Clay Bt. j
A— WANTED— 10 men handy with an ax to
> get out redwood ties, 10c and 12c each, tools
and grub advanced; for Sonoma County; win-
ter's job. W. D. EWER & CO., 610 Clay st.
A— 3 GOOD carpenters, 4 bench hands, 6 cabinet
makers. Mechanics' Registration Bureau, 410
Kearny, r. 9 ; non-union mechanics, please reg. ; i
new Jobs dally; no office fees; tel. Main 5384. j
JOURNEYMEN Barbers' International Union j
! free emply. bureau; only recog. union barbers.
115 Turk st. ; tel. Folsom 13S3. I. Lees, Sect.
BARBERS' Progressive Union— Free employ-
ment. H. Bernard. Sec, 104 7th; tel. Jessie 152.
WANTED— Bright . boy about 18 to run eleva-
tor. Apply 7:30 a. m., S. N. WOOD & CO.,
718 Market st. :. '
WANTED— Brfght, willing boy about 17. Ap^
ply 7:30 a. m., S. N. WOOD & CO., 718 Mar-
ket bL - •
FURNISHING goods salesman wanted. Apply
7:30 a. m., S. N. WOOD & CO., 718 Market st.
BOYS' clothing salesman wanted. Apply 7:30
a. m.. S.-N. WOOD & CO., 718 Market st.
WANTED— Sober man to tend bar in wine-
house; understands mixing drinks; married;
German or French speaking preferred. R. A.,
box 745, Call office.
BARBER wanted. 42S4 Mission road, opposite
Silver ave.; take Ingleside cars. .
BARBER for Saturday. 153 Fourth Bt. . ¦' ;
BARBER wanted. 105 Second st.' :-••-:
BARBER wanted; Saturday noon. until Sunday
noon. 405 Third st. .
WANTED — Good barber for Saturday and Sun-
day. 629 Union st., near Powell.
WANTED — Carpenter for ship, Australian
trade, at HERMAN'S, 26 Steuart St. s
A BLACKSMITH'S helper at O'Brien & Son,
600 Golden Gate ave.
WANTED— A cook. 1012 Battery st.
YOUNG man with experience for horseshoeing
and blacksmith shop, Box 764, Call office.
DISHWASHER wanted; experienced man. 500
Beale st. •
BOOTBLACK. 152 Third st. /
CLERK for grocery and bar. Corner Sutter
and' Larkin ste.
WANTED— A' dishwasher at 422 Sixth st.
WANTED — Laborers at 810 . Howard St. ; call
early; wages $1 75 per day.
WAITER wanted; none but experienced need
apply. 20 Third st.
WANTED— Recruits for the Marine Corps, U.
8. Navy, able bodied unmarried men of good
character, between the ages of 21 and 35; not
less than S feet 4 Inches and not over ( feet
1 inch - in height; able to read, writ* ' and
speak English. For further information -ap-
ply at the Marine Recruiting Office, 40 Ellis
street, San Francisco, Cal.
WANTED-Competent No. 1 bricklayers In San
Francisco; wages $3 per day of 8 hours; on
December 22, 1600; v.'rlte or telegraph. Box
752, Call office. * i
WANTED— Experienced salesmen in toy and
dry goods departments; also wrappers. Ap-
ply at HALE BROS., Inc., 979-687 Market st.
WANTED — StronR boy to carry goods and as-
sist through the day in bakery; wages $13
and found. 1912 Polk st. -
WANTED— Young man in office; must be a
competent bookkeeper: references. Address
L. P., box 753, Call office.
GET your shoes half-soled while waiting; 25o
to 60c. E62 Mission St., bet. 1st and 2d sts. ¦
MEN wanted to learn barber trade; oriy eight
weeks required; position guaranteed: special
Inducements; catalogue free. MOLER'S
BARBER COLLEGE, 635 Clay st.
WANTED— Laborers and mechanics to know
• that Ed Rol kin. Reno House proprietor, still
runs Denver House, 217 Third - st. ; 150 large
rooms; 25c per night; $1 to $2 per week.
TRAVELING salesman wanted to carry gloves
as side line; state territory. Box 733, Call.;
ALL sizes men's shoes, slightly damaged, half
price. 662 Mission St., bet. 1st and 2d sts. '
BOY about 15 or 16 years. Inquire flower store,
' 808 Valencia st. /
WANTED— Strong boy for coal yard. 2118 Mar-
. :ket'st '. .... '¦¦..-¦¦ -¦;¦
RENT collector; state experience fully, salary
wanted and references. -Box 737. Call office.
BARBER shop for sale in a lively mining town;
cheap. Apply Call of flee.
PENSIONS— J. H. Shepard & Co., old reliable
. ' firm, 806 Market, room 40, Phelan building.
MEN to learn barber trade. 741A Howard St.,
8; F. Barber, School. ¦'
YOUNG man- wanted to learn the barber trade;
easy terms. 713 Mission st., ¦" - : ; -y.
WANTED — 100 men to take rooms, 10c, . 15o and
20c Boston House, 930 Howard st.'
SAILORS, ordinary! seamen and green hands;
all parts of world* HERMAN'S. 26 Steuart.
GENTLEMEN'S suits to order, $1 per week.'at
- cash prices. . N. ,Y.' Tailoring Co., 115 Kearny.
WINCHESTER House, 44 Third ¦t./near Mar-
ket; 700 rooms, 25c night: reading-rooms; 'free
fbus and baggage to and from ferry. '¦¦; >-^->.-u:t
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office, 2200 Flllmore st.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1038
Valencia st. ¦¦.•....- ¦¦-; ¦ i ¦ \ > :
HEMOIiKliOIDS. : «* ;
ANY case of Piles. Piles. Piles. PilesT^veTloo
permanent ; cures among I business men of San
. Francisco alone; men who can be interviewed;
, no surgery, salves. or ointments; no Interfer-
ence, with business during treatment.' For fur-
¦• ther particulars add. 'Physician, box 1950. Call.
HOUSES, VE STOCK, Etc— For Sale
40 HORSES : for sale; ii also I wagbnsTvbulgleT
carts : harness. Grand Arcade ! Horse > Market.
827 Sixth st. ; auction sales every Wednesday. '
SULLIVAN & DOYLE, Auctioneers. , . , , t
¦ HOUSES TO. LET.
A— PRINTED LIST Houses to let; send fOT.Cir^
cular. Q. H. UMBSEN & CO.. 1« Montgomery.
A— HOUSE of 11 rooms, unfurnished, near Van
: -Ness ave., $40; furnished,' $30; nice and good.
A. M. SPECK & CO.. 667 Market st. ¦ .
HOUSES WANTED.
3 TO 5 furnished housekeeping rooms; no chiU
dren; not over *20. Answer 3654 Sixteenth st.
HYPNOTISM.
PROF. RAYMOND— Strictly reliable; teaches
hypnotism in five lessons for $5. 997 Market st.
INVALID CHAIRS AKD.TKICiCLKS.
SOLD and rented; manfr. of the Eames tricycle
chair. EAMES Tricycle Co.. 2100 Market st.
LOST ASD FOUND..
LOST— From Sausalito. Sth Inst.. black and
white Llewellyn setter. Liberal reward If re-
turned to 217 Mission Bt. ; WM. BORROWE.
LOST— English setter dog. white with, lemon
colored spots; liberal reward. 1293 O'Farrell.
LOST— A pass book with' ilic Hlberhia Savings
and Loan Society' of San Francisco in ' the
name of LOUIS GRUND, No. 213-900. Thd
finder will please return to the bank. /
LOST— A black mare; stands 1»H hands high';
suitable reward. Return Emporium Hcrse
Market, 220 Valencia st.
FOUND — Large mastiff pud. Owner can have
same by proving ownership and paying
charges at 41 Turk Bt.
MEDICAL.
MIls7T5RT^WYETTl7~roUabTrTp^cTaiisTr^yrs/
successful practice; guaranteed treatment at
: office, $5; any ailment; home for patients; con-
sult free. 942 Po«t st.. bet. Hyde and Larkln.
MRS. DR. KOHL. !>«7 Market St.. comer
Sixth— Safe and- reliable ladies' physician;
treatment, $5; positive cure guaranteed; when
others fail consult, free, MRS. DR. KOHL.
DR. AND MRS. DAVIES, 1228 Market-Ladles'
specialists; S2 years' practice; positive cure
' guaranteed; ladles treated can return same
day; HINDOO HERB home cure; stamps dr.
DRS. GOODWIN, 1007& Market, expert on dls-
eases of women; IB years' practiced S. F., a
cure guaranteed; $5 at office; have cured thou-
sands of cases; unexcelled success; see free.
MRS. DR. ALLEN, 1035 Market— Ladies' spe-
ciallst; safe and sure cure, $>; best care; low
fees; when all others fall consult free.
DR. "WISE, the ladles' specialist. 1118 Market st.
DR. POPPER, specialist for 37 years for female
troubles. 323 Kearny st.; call and see me.
POSITIVE cure for rheumatism; formula sent
upon receipt of $1. Address box 727. Call.
DR. WISE, the ladies' specialist, 1118 Market
street.
MRS. DR. GWYER, ladies' specialist; home
for patients. 504 Eddy Bt.
DR. NG TOY KEE cures disease by herbs;
advice free. 704 Sacramento St.. near Kearny.
MISCELLANEOUS FOR 8AI£m
BOILERS. Engines, 2d-hand machinery. Mc-
INTO3H & WOLPMAN, 195-197 Fremont st.
BARS, back bars, mirrors, showcases, counters,
linoleum, new and second-hand; we always
have a large stock of saloon outfits on hand;
32 complete outfits on one floor, ready made;
we can ship everything in 24 hours. J.
NOONAN, 1017, 1019, 1021, 1023 Mission St.,
above Sixth; write for catalogue.
BUT a brand new typewriter for $5 down and
$5 per month; write for catalogue and price.
TYPEWRITER EXCHANGE, 409 California
st. ; rentals, new machines. $3 per month.
A — BUYS, sells or rents gear machinery, en
gines, boilers, water pipes, shafting, pulleys,
etc. WHITELAW, 216 Spear st. -
DIAMOND horseshoe scarrpin, pearl center, all
gems, cost $120, for $50; unredeemed pledge.
California Loan Office. 32 Stockton st.
VERY nice microscope, almost brand new, for
$25; original cost $65. UNCLE HARRIS, 15
Grant ave. *
GOOD set drawing Instruments, squares, tri-
angles, board, etc.; cheap. 8(J5Vfe Market, r. 1.
A— 100-HORSEPOWER engine, boiler, two-drill
air compressors, JARDINE'S, 220 Fremont st,
AN aermotor windmill and 2 large tanks for
sale cheap. F. L. BABIN. 413 Kearny st.
BLUE gum piles for sale. Apply PAUL KEY-
SER, 206 Clay st. '
40 H. P. COMPOUND steam engine, complete,
cheap. H. S. WHITE, E14-516-B1S Mission st.
PORTABLE engines, boilers; iron and wood
planers, lathes; 2d-hand. J. Burke. 133 Beale.
FIRST-CLASS second-hand modern engines and
boilers bought and sold. KROGH Mfg. Co.
PHOTOGRAPHIC and magic lantern goods
bought, sold, exchanged. 109 Montgomery st.
10- TON Fairbanks scale and fire and burglar
proof safe. 216 California st.
SAFES — New and second-hand. THE HER-
MANN SAFE CO., 417-423 Sacramento St.
MAGIC lanterns, new and 2d-hand; moving
pictures. BULLARD & BRECK. 131 Post st.
SAFES— New and second-hand: all sizes. THE
WALTZ SAFE. 109-111 Market St.. San Fran.
MISCELLANEOUS WANTS.
WANTED — Sacramento Union March 20, 1851 to
May 3, 1S34; Sacramento Bee* August 2, 1860.
to January 1. 1878; quote price on all or any
numbers. W. F. PURNELL, Sacramento,
Cal.
LADIES' and gents' cast-off clothing bought &
sold. Silverman, 984 Folsom: tel. Folsom 1191.
KLEIN still pays best price for clothing, brio-
a-brac and books. 109 Sixth st. ; tel. Jessie 141.
WANTED — Upright piano for cash. H. L.
WHITEHEAD. 1710 Market St.
MONEY TO LOAX. T
ANY amount on furniture, pianos, without re-
moval, or any other good security; payable
back in installments or as a whole;. If you
owe a balance on the purchase price we will
pay it and carry the lean as long as you de-
sire: avoid red tape and publicity; see us
first; you will be waited upon quietly and
quickly. Call 68-69 Donohoe bldg.. 1170 Market.
AA— BEST rates and easiest terms.
Second Mortgages
......;. ..Interest In Estates
..• Undivided Interest in Real Estate
Financial' problems of all ports and sizes
solved by HERMAN MURPHY, 630 Market.
A — MONEY to loan at rates which people can
afford to pay on furniture, pianos, ate. ; do
net -borrow of your friends or you will lose
their friendship; do business with strangers
and you will be better satisfied; no delay; no
publicity. Rooms 9 and 10. 906 Market et.
ANY amount at S per cent; 1st, 2d and 3d mort-
gages, undivided interest, real estate In pro-
bate; mortgages and legacies bought; no de-
lay; get my terms before doing business else-
, where. R. McCOLGAN, 24 Montgomery, r. 3.
ANY proposition, any amount; 6 per cent; first,
eecond mortgages, estates In probate, lntereet
I In estates, legacies, corporation loans,. chattel
mortgages, life insurance. Room 16, first floor.
Chronicle building. HALLORAN & OLSEN.
HIGHLY respectable, private place to obtain
liberal advances on diamonds, Jewelry at low-
est rates. Baldwin Jewelry Store, 846 Market
St.; tel. Main 1644. Branch 19 Third st.
A — $500,000 on city and country real estate and
estates; chattel mortgages; notes and collat-
erals. J. BROWNSTONE, 11 Montgomery st.
MOST reliable place to borrow on I diamonds,
watches. Jewelry. W. J. HESTHAL. 10 Sixth;
highest price for old sold, silver, diamonds.
ANY amount, lowest rates, on furniture, etc.;
no removal, no commission; strictly conflden-
- tlal./ Room 3. Conservatory bldg., 201 Jonerf.
MONEY loaned on personal property or pianos
without removal. 11C7 Market, bet. 7th & 8th.
CASH loaned on salaries. New York plan.
THE TOUSLE Y CO.. 321 Parrott bldg.
3% on furniture and pianos; J15 up; no removal-
| no commission; private. Room 81, 6 Eddy st.*
MONEY- loaned salaried people without security
HILL, rm. 44, Merchants' Ex.. 431 California.
LOANS, 1st or 2d mtcrs: city, country; 6% undi-
Ints; estates. HARPER. 397 Parrott bid.
AUSTIN'S Salary Loan Co., 366 Parrott - build.
: ing; men can secure loans on personal note.
$100,000 TO loan on real estate or for bulidinK"
low rate. Home Bldg. Co., 222 Eansome, rm ».'
MONEY to loan on furniture by private party
low rate. ,917 Market St.. room 1. / ''
ON furniture and pianos; no removal; confiden-
tial; on diamonds, etc. 33 Tajior St.-
CASH loaned to salaried people on note without
lndorser. : MORRELL. 609 Examiner building.
TO salaried people i without - collateral or in-
dorser. ¦ S. F. Discount Agency. H3 Phelan bl d .
4 JMUSICAL IXSTRU3IENTS.
A BIG sale of pianos now going on; all pianos
at reduced! prices: fine, large one J155- num-
\_ ber on time limited ; agency Chickering. . Ma-
' •on & Hamlin, ' Vose," , Sterling, etc. BEN J.
CURTAZ & SON. 16 O'Farrell st.; open even-
:/¦ ings.; .. •;¦¦:,: " '¦ ¦ . : . ¦¦ .- .. ,¦.¦.;.. / ¦ . '..Q ¦¦,"¦-¦'
1150: FOR beautiful" upright, piano; 3 pedals:
standard make; > or rent for $2 60 month. 342
Kearny, st •
ALMOST new upright Stelnway & Sohmer sac-
rificed; great- bargains. this month. BRUENN.
,.808 Post St.';-, .:.. , .- .- ¦• ¦ .. ¦¦ ' .
A'DOZEN bargains/ : In second-hand -pianos,
y; from ; $50 to i $200. : DEWING' 8. 12 Flood; bldg.
GENTLEMAN I going . to | Manila must • sacrifice
line large upright piano. 419 Van Ness ave.-'
MUSICAL INSTRUMENTS.
DURING the next two weeks our store will b«
open evenings for the convenience of those
who cannot find time to call daring the day.
We have the finest line of holiday presents
I for you ,to select from and prices will be cut
to - suit your purse. MAUVAIS* MUSIC
STORE, 769 Market st. ¦
TO close out our large stock of gramophone
records we will fill all orders until further no-
tice at 40c each or $4 SO per dozen. Send in
promptly, as . the supply is limited. MAU-
VAIS'. 769 Market st.
WE have lots of bargains In second-hand as
well as new pianos and shall be glad to show
to any one. Our terms are the easiest and our
treatment of all customers the most satis-
factory. MAUVAIS MUSIC COMPANY. 763
Market st.
ANT person having use for a piano ran b* ac-
¦ commodated at Sherman. Clay & Co.'s with
easiest payments, lowest prices and most re-
liable makers to choose from. Each the best
of their grade, from Stelnway down. Priv-
ilege given to .exchange medium and low-
priced pianos for a new Ste'.nway any time<
within three years . from date of purchase.
Beautiful new uprights sold for $6 cash an£
H per -month. We offer . to sell som* good
pianos for $3, $4 and $5 per < month. SHER-
MAN. CLAY & CO.. Stelnway dealers, cor-
cer Kearny and Sutter sts., San Francisco;
corner Broadway and Thirteenth St.. Oak-
land.
"AS HOLIDAY GIFTS."
1 Emerson $33
Bommer '. 100
Fisher 150
Stelnway 135
Chickerins 195i
Mason & Hamlin S3S>
Heine & Hallett & Davis $325 to 975
New pianos, $149. can be exchanged any time
in 5 years, $6 down, $8 per month; rent al-
lowed ; open evenings. . ¦ •
. .. HEINE PIANO CO.. 217 Geary st.
A— BYRON MAUZY'S.
Holiday Bargains inlSllghtly Used Pianos.
Bohmer, nearly new $430
Byron Mauzy, nearly new S00
Decker & Son. walnut casa 225
Btelnway & Sons 150
Weber 125
Bord 50
¦ 308-310-312 Post St.." opp. Union Square.
ABSOLUTELY the oldest and largest house
west of Chicago is KOHLEK * CHASE'S. 24.
S3 and 30 O*Farrell nt. ; pianos, organs and
all other musical instruments of all grades
and prices; terms easy; prices lowest: every-
thing possible done to please and satisfy the
customer.
BARGAINS, pianos on storage almost given
away; also car fine new pianos stored from
factory: must be sold at once to realize stor-
age and freight: Installments: open evenings.
WILSON'S STORAGE CO.. 1710 Market St.
THREE-PEDAL upright : nearly now; bargain;
owner leaving city. K33 Mission st.
A MANDOLIN, banjo or guitar a nice Christ-
mas gift. ¦ Graeber sells good ones; 634 Post.
GREAT many bargains In 2nd-hand uprights;
small Installments. Hornang. 218 McAllister.
HIGH-GRADE pianos; Steck. Hardman. Con-
over & others. W. B. ALLEN & CO.. 314 Post.
AT KEEFFE'S. 933 Market St., 4 elegant up-
rightB at your own price. Shoninger agsney.
BEST rent stock In city; new pianos. $3 per
month. SCOTT-CURTAZ. 560 Hayes st.
SUPERIOR violins, zithers, old and new. H.
MULLER. maker, repairer. 2 Latham place.
BARGAIN— Must be sold; nice uprltrht piano.
SCHMITZ. 16 McAllister St.. next Hlb. Bank.
OFFICES AND STORES TO LET.
A— 410 KEARNY— Sunny offices, en suite or sin-
gle, $8 upward; gas; heat and Janitor service
Included.
OIL. ¦ ~~~"
ASPHALT for sale; quantities to suit: wilt
contract delivery; our oil stock advances to 3c
share Dee. 20. XUANITA OIL CO.. 600 Mont-
gomery st.; agents wanted on commission.
A A— LION oil stock: will sell 6000 shares al 35
cents share If sold by noon Monday. MAN-
HATTAN LOAN CO., 77 Crocker building.
CHOICE oil stock of rising value in the Mo-
Kittrick district for Bale. DR. HERBERT
REEVE, 2SX& Kearny St. :
JOSEPH B. TOPLITZ. 330 Pine street.
MEMBER PRODUCERS' OIL EXCHANGE.
„ Country correspondence solicited.
~ OIL LANDS FOR SALE.
KERN River Oil Lands— Proven territory In
the well-known tract of "Grace Oil Co." for
sale; also other oil land for sale or lease: moat
wonderful oil field known ; over 6*> feet of oil
sand; buy from owners and save commissions;
have been in field from start; will give you
facts concerning any locality. NEWTON.
CARMAN & SOMES. 101 Chronicle bldg.. 8an
Fiancisco: 416 Douglas Block, Los Angeles;
Southern HotPl. Bakersfleld.
AXD PENSIONS^
ADVICE free: no charge unless successful.
GEO. D, CAMPBELL. Lawyer. Examiner big.
~~~~~ PERSONALS. ~~ ~~~
OWEN McCABE, Importer, dealer In feathers;
hair mattress and pillow manufactory; old
feathers renovated and purified; all feathers
sold warranted welt dressed with my patent
steam renovator. 870 Mission, tel. Jessie 1114.
TO whom it may concern— I had paralysis and
spinal trouble In Its worst form, but after
treating with Mme. Ada six weeks gained 17
pounds and am nearly well. I also had a
bunch on my right eye. and both being blood-
shot and very weak. The bunch has entirely
gone and both eyes nearly well and stronger
than they have been since I was a boy. E.
Arnold. Address at MMD. ADA'S office. 1104
Market St.; rooms 3 and 4.
PICTURES and picture frames of all descrip-
tions made to order; portraits enlarged; we
do all kinds of framing. California Frame Co.,
805 Howard; open evenings: tel. Howard 1073.
CHEMIST of wide experience in -manufactur-
ing will furnish instructions /or making
anything desired. Chemist, box !M6. Call.
A removal sale; a nice cup and saucer free to
every one buying $1 or more worth of goods.
MIKOSHI TRADING CO., 326-32S McAllister.
PRIVATE detective work; reasonable rates; 10
years' experience. J. B. RAY. 357 Jessie st.
MATTRESSES AND PILLOWS, tel. Eouth 792.
made to order, renovated; ho»est work guar-
anteed ; feathers and hair cleansed ; fine uphol-
stery; goods carefully packed for shipment or
storage. HOPKE BROS.. 318 and 320 11th st.
ELECTRIC light In every room— Winchester
Hotel, 44 Third st., near Market; 700 rooms;
25c to $1 50 per night; $1 50 to $8 per week;
free 'bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
HAIR positively grown on bald heads by purely
vegetable compound; absolute proof. Call or
address DR. G. S. MOORE. 4S3 Geary St.. S. F.
SUITS to order on installments; $15 upward: $1
a week. LEON LEMOS. 1117 Market st.. be-
tween Sevenoth and Eighth.
WHITE enamel Iron beds, single, three-quarter
or double. $2 23. EASTERN OUTFITTING
CO., 1310-1312 Stockton st., near Broadway.
FINE suits. $10; dress pants. $2 75. MISFIT
CLOTHING PARLORS. 437 Montgomery >st.
A-$3 60 DERBY and Fedora hats. $1 73. Popu-
lar' Price Hatters, S30 Kearny st.. near Pine.
ALL gentlemen wishing to marry wealthy send
10c for latest list. MRS. HERTZ. 70« Ellis ot.
FIGER'S sweepers are the best and cheapest;
all kinds repaired and for sale. 343 Sutter st.
MASSAGE and electricity for facial blemishes
and wrinkles. Tel. Black 2456; 602 Taylor st.
DANICHEFF sell hollday'glove orders, good for
gloves ready-mads or to order. 121 Grant ave.
MASQUERADE costumes, play books, wl«r»;
country orders. GOLDSTEIN & CO.. 733 Mkt.
ELECTROLYSIS destroys superfluous hair and
moles; trial free. MISS EATON. 1119 Sutter.
DR. LAMOTTE*S French Corn Paint, the best
corn cure; 25c; all druggists.
SUITS to order on easy payments. Art Tallor-
ing Co.. 1644 Mkt.. under St. Nicholas HoteL
OLD pold, silver, diamonds and precious stones
bought. J. R. JENKEL, 817 Market St.
ALFREDUMS Egyptian Henna; restores gray
hair to its natural color: $1: at all druggists.
PALMISTRY.
H. JEROME FOSSELLI. scientific palmist, 515
Taylor St.. bet. Geary and Post: tel. Bla«'k 581.
PARTNERS WANTED.
WANTED— A lady or rentleman partner la
* good restaurant on main street of town: good
patronage. Address R-, P. O. box 620. Sacm-
PHYSICIANS AND SURGEONS.
DR. C. C O'DONN ELL— Office and residence.
1021H Market st.. between Sixth and Seventh.
CANCERS and tumors cured without surgical [
operation. DR. J- H. REEVE, 26^ Kearny.
REAL ESTATE— COUNTRY— For Sale
WE have for sale and exchange some of the
beet stock, grain and fruit ranches in the
8tate. P. C LASSEN & CO.. 1010 Broad-
way, Oakland. Cal.
ACCURATE knowledge, each of the 3000 ranch-
. es on my : sale and exchange list — more than
all other agents in city; state what's wanted.
N. D. SICKELS. the Land Agent, 6 Geary st.
REAL ESTATE TO EXCHANGE.
MARION GRIFFIN, 719 Markef St.. sells and \
exchanges farms and city property; printed I
¦" lists.. ¦ ¦ - '-. ' -- : • ;-..--,.
NEW rottaee. 8 rms.*.' bath; lot 60x100; Mission;
rental terms; and vacant lota. 413 Kearny »U J
REAL EgTATE-CITY FOR SA _.
EA8TON', EL&niDQJS U CO.
C3 MARKET ST.
A V CT I O X
AUCTION
» AUCTION
A U C T I O N
A t C T I O N
.-. ,, T F'F 8 ? AT - DECEMBER U. 1300.
At 13 o clock at our salesroom, «38 Market it.
CALIFORNIA HTTtKET RESIDENCE LOT.
.- _. ' 'Foreclosure Bale.)
JSorth side of California St., 20O feet west
of Gough st. : 15x137 :« feet; elegant lot. north
» !k ',. ' .^marvlUi* * panoramic view
THE VoKTGAGif 1 ' TO SATISFY
M n £^fi m< ? " EIO "TS PROPERTT.
North side of Vallejo «., 100 feet Of Baker
!t;,r»7 Ji .*, ,'* t ' > four '''Kant building lot.
commanding an unobstructed view of th»
£fi y> i,£2 ™F*5 e a K nJ "treet work
WctTn-th^city* the Cholc " t re9ldence <" 3 -
iiii -nAKER-STREET COTTAGE,
rdm^t^xlk f r^«": -.t.ge ot 4
PAGK-STREKT LT>T
_f_MTfS ri " trW> K e ' a8t ° f LyCB:
size ZoxlUO ft.
ELEGANT MODERN KCOTT-ST. FLATS.
422-4=0 Scott St.. near Fell; 2 modern up-t3-
$fo; e io fl t at 27:°«xS7:6 n f < ! :^ 0m8 *"* bath; ~ M
PROBATE 8 ALES.
ESTATE OF DAVID Rot. Deceased.
359 Brannan st., near Third; 2 front flats
and two rear flats of 5 rooms each- rents So*
per month; lot 37:8x137:8 ft.
11S-1S1 South Park, near Third st. • brick
building, containing 2 flats of s rooms and
bath each; rents $33; lot 21xS7:« ft
...»
ESTATE OF ELLEN RICKARDS, Deceased.
78 Clementina St.. near Second; 4 Bats of S
and 3 rooms; rents ««; lot 22x80 ft.
MISSION WARM BELT RESIDENCE
373 Lexington ave.. near 21st n. ; house of S
rooms and bath; rent }1S; lot £xS0 ft.
MISSION RESIDENCE.
40 Diamond St.. near 18th: cottage of 7
rooms and bath; lot 25:6x123 ft.
MODERN MISSION COTTAGE.
52 "Whitney St., - near 33th.; cottase of 6
rooms and bath; lot 22x125 ft.
CATALOGUES WITH FULL PARTICULARS
AT OFFICE.
EASTON, ELERIDGE & CO..
638 Market street.
LOTS WESTWARD.
REASONABLE OFFERS WILL BE
~ SUBMITTED.
Northwest corner Broadway and Flllmore st..
60x137:8. $23,500; one of the finest lots la San
Francisco.
South side Broadway, between FJllmore and
Stelner sts.: 84:3x127:8; $3400.
East side of Stelner st., between Broadway
and Vallejo; 26x100: $2600.
Northeast corner Vallejo and Steiner sts.;
14:4x127:6; $4300.
North side Vallejo St.. between Flllmore and
Steiner; lots $100 a front foot.
South side Green street, between Flllmora
and Steiner; only $53 a front foot.
Northwest corner Steiner and Green sts.: 27 :J
X100; $2230.
North side Green «., west o* Stelner; 3T:«x
1J7:6; $2500.
Two lots on Steiner st., north of Green: 7l:ix
100; $1250 each.
Fillmore st electric cars and Union st. cars
near all of above lots.
Terms: One- third cash, balance at 9 per
cent; lender to pay mortgage tax.
THO8. MAOEE A SONS. 5 Montgomery st
IF you have property north of the Park an4
you wish to sell quickly, then call on W. J.
GUNN. 530 California st.
OWNERS of property in the Potrero that wish
to sell, call on W. J. GUNN. 530 California
St.. S. P. Savings Union building.
MODERN houses built; lowest prices; plans and
estimates furnished. Campbell. 1147 Mission.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The Weekly- Call.
• It pages. In wrapper, for mailing. $1 per year.
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS.
ALAMEDA REAL ESTATE.
FOR INVESTMENTS- ~~
4 new modern 5- room cottages; pay 10 prr
cent; best location; always rented; several
other bargains. Apply to A. R. DEXKK
ER.. 1400 Webster St.. Alameda.
NEW house. S rooms: new cottage. 5 rooms.
$1850; lot 43x120. 2 new cottages of * rooms.
$2500; terms. J. H. Young, bnllder. 1243 Park.
ALAMEDA ROOMS A.VD BOARD.
WE can offer elegant suite of rooms and board
In an elegant private home in Alameda to
refined couple; references required.- Box 383,
Call office.
BERKELEY ADVERTISEMENTS
BERKELEY REAL ESTATE!
SPLENDID Berkeley home for sals: cho!c»
corner lot on Durant ave., close to univer-
sity: modern house of 12 rooms, with furnace,
range, city plumbing and very finest f.nth
and decorating; price $11,000. O. O. MAT
& CO.. 2123 Center st. Berkeley. Cal
40x130— Three minutes' walk frora Ashby Sta-
tion: cheai> for cash or on easy Installments.
271 Lexington ave.. San Francisco.
¦OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
OFFICE— 1118 BROADWAY.
OAKLAND HOUSES TO LET.
GOOD houses. Get list from GEO. W. AUS-
TIN *¦ CO.'. 1M« ¦Rrnadwav. Oakland.
OAKL.UO KCRXISHED HOUSES.
9-ROOM~house, $85: complete: gas stove, fur-
nace; references; no children; forenoons. 1504
Franklin St.. Oakland. '
OAKLAND FURNITURE FOR SALE.
AN Introduction to you from H. Schellhaas. th«
fm-nltare dealer. 11th and Franklin. Oaklard.
ROOMS FOR HOUSEKEEPING."
CASTRO. 429. nr. 17th. rear— 2 nice sunny un-
fur. rooms; large yard; stable optional; cheap.
ELLIS. 621— Newly furnished suite of two sua-
ny rooms for housekeeping. $13 50.
ELLIS, 1472— In house of 2 people, extra larsr*
sunny front suite, unfurnished or furnished;
bath and phone; no other roomera.
HYDE 1414-5 unfurnished rooms for light
housekeeping: parlor floor; sun all day; also
t furnished single rooms.
MARKET, opp. Fifth— Large sunny front room
$12: 1 small. $6> Call 342 Kearny.
MISSION. 945— 2 nice front rooms and kitchen,
with folding beds; complete for housekeeping.
OiK 119 — 1 sunny basement room: dry; fur-
nished for housekeeping: stove; yard; »4.
STOCKTON, 1307— Nice furnished rooms for
housekeeping: rent cheap.
VALENCIA. 123J — Large aunny alcove room:
gas and bath; furnished; light housekeeping.
VAN NESS. 400— 3 connecting- well-fum. sunny
rooms': tubs, yard: NE. cor. private entrance.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscription*
received at Call branch office, 2200 Flllmore st.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1C3S
¦ Valencia at.
ROOMS TO LET—Fnrn. and tnfnrn.
A— BRUNSWICK House, 143 Sixth-Rooms 25o
to $1 per night; $1 23 to $5 per week, and light
housekeeping: open all night.
BARTLETT. 414—3 sunny connecting unfur-
nlshed rooms, with sink and bath.
BURNETT. 1429 Market (old No. W4V- Fur-
nished rms.. suites, single: also unfurnished.
BUSH, 620 (The Elk)— Nicely furnished sunny
rms; day. 25c up; wk. $1 E0 up. Mrs. P. Ranft.
CLIFFORD. 204 Ellis, cor. Mason— Elegantly
furnished aunny rooms: prices reasonable.
FELL. 110— Two newly furnished rooms; private
family; rent reasonable.
FIFTH. 249 — Furnished front room.
GEARY. 405 (The Navarre)— Elegantly furnished
rms; suites or single; travelers accommodated.
GRAND SOUTHERN, southeast corner Seventh
and Mlislon sts. — Sunny rooms, en suite or
•Ingle; ladles* parlor; reading-room; elevator.in his possession on a note. September
29 /of this year . Adler -came to him and
wanted to draw $1000. Sadler • paid him
three $100 notes and $700 In gold and gave
him <- a . new ¦ note for the balance r due,
J9S50. That note and a diamond ring
•worth $300 and a gold watch worth $100
are : in the possession of the Public Ad
miri'strator. Only a week ago Adler told
Rxr. Scidlar.that he still had the $1000.
¦ Adler,. tied .of : cancer of the' stomach,
but as; no physician had been In attend
ance . until shortly, before his . death, the
case was reported to the Morgue, and an
inquest 'will be held.--- A deputy „ from 'the
Public Administrator's office reported that
he had some, difficulty In getting the
watch and ring from - the , landlady; Mrs.
A., M. =? Bryant; who . had ; taken charge of
them. <• Mrs. - Bryant -says 'that' she in
tended i turning, them, over 1 to Mr. Sadler,
and hesitated about giving them up to
the deruty because she did not understand
his authority. : /^MfeQs$B4ffflHQ9Ms^BKg
- Public Administrator Boland and r>etec
tives AVrenn and » Colcman visited -the
lodging 'house at 11 o'clock last night and
made a thorough. search* of Adler's room,
but falled ; to:flnd the notes and gold coin.
Mrs. 1 Bryant denies any knowledge of Ad
.ler's: having 'eiich' a sum." Detectives and
policemen who knew the old man well are
inclined to think that he placed the money
In the . keeping of . some , friend among tha
saloon-keepers ; Whose places . he fre
quented. ;'>. ;".' :;.'. ..-.-, -;
Richmond District Residents Take Action Against the Market Street Railway Com
pany's Scheme, ,
i s
¦will then equal If It does not exceed that of.
the ferry at the foot of Market street.
At the present time the people of Richmond
must pay ¦ two fares on all lines In this dis
trict except -the Market-street Company's to
reach / Third and Townsend streets. Our only
hope Is that the California street, Sutter street
or the Geary street road may obtain a fran
chise to this new and Important • point '¦ of
travel. The . Market-street Company now has
itsf cars on Third street and its Fourth-street
line has Its terminal' at the west 'corner of
Third and\ Townsend streets. I
Should ¦ your • board grant this road a fran
chise on the two blocks applied for this com
pany will have a monopoly of all this travel.
As the Market-street Company has two of the
three terminals at this point they have all
they nee<i. The claim was made that this fran
chise was necessary to relieve the travel on
Third street. This can be easily done by di
verting parfof.the travel to the Fourth-street
line, and this : company = also has a line on
Brannan street and on Becond - street, from
Brannan to Market. ¦ A - switch connects each
of these lines with Third street. -The Geary-
Street : franchise from Stockton street to First
avenue will expire Ir/Aprll, 1902. When a new
road Is constructed,' whether by the city or
private , persons, .' lt t will be valueless unless it
can ' reach the two gateways of this city — ths
foot of Market etreet and Third and Townsend
streets. .. v %:'¦'.
Therefore we respectfully protest against
your board granting any franchise to this com
pany on these two .blocks and ask that you
hold them for the use of the other roads of the
city that must reach this point^to accommo
date their patrons. » "* - -
The executive committee of this association
Debutantes Dance the Hours
Away in Mazes of the ~
Cotillon.
— — ? —
La Jeune,sse Cotillon pub danced its
first cotillon' of this season at Natlva
Sons* Hall last evening.
Green and red, the holiday colors
struck the key not© of the splendid decor
ations and holly, berries and .ferns were
utilized with most arttstic effect
• Percy. King led the cotillon and intro
duced three, very pretty figures— the flae
figure eight and the debutantes' marcf'
The first set was made up entirely of
debutantes, and they presented a charm-
Ing appearance In their pretty white
gowns. ¦ - lo
_ T Mrs.;A. H. Voorhles. Mrs. - Tlmothv
Hopkins. Mrs. William H. Mills Mr^
McKittrick, Mrs. A. H. Foster Mrs' H
E." Huntineton and Mrs. McClung nat"
ronesses of the club. 1 acted as a receDtlon
committee and received, the guests y " on
.There will be three meetings of La Jeu
nesse this winter: The next dance of tha
club will be held on January 11.
JUST A WHIRL
OF LA JEUNESSE
. Richmond Improvement Association.
CHARLES H. HUBBS, President.
E. P. E. TROY, Secretary.
E.,P. E. Troy, a prominent member of
the association, In discussing the matter,
feald:
Although thl« franchise calls for only » two
blocks, it Is probably the most valuable for
street car purposes that the city now has to
dispose of. Third and Townsend streets will' in
a short time be one of the two most Important
points of travel In the city. If the Board of
Supervisors should attempt to prevent every
road In the city except the Market street from
gaining access to the ferry there would be a
riot at their meeting. Yet the board Is now
taklnfr action that will give this company a
monopoly of the travel at a point where it
promises to exceed that of the ferry.
I cannot believe that the committee which
has act<*4 favorably on thle application can be
fully informed of its effect. They must have
been deceived. The California Ptreet. the Sut
ter i "I 1 "*' 1 '. ?* a , r y street and Ban Mateo lines
will be of little value unless they can land
passengers at Third and Townsend and prop
erty along their lines will depreciate In value
The Board of Supervisors should save for tho
city every" point, of advantage, as the express
declaration Is made In the charter that it Is
the Intention of the city to gradually own Its
public utilities. An opportunity will be given
to make a practical application of the charter
provision in April. 1902. when the Geary-street
franchise will expire. The present Board of
Supervisors, elected under the charter, should
not allow the Market-street Company to block
ade the city and render the wise provision of
the charter yold.
will appear at your board and express our fur
ther pretest against this action.
J. A. A. and Elizabeth Sander et al. (by
Charles Crowell, commissioner) to Victor H.
Metcalf (executor estate of William Metcalf),
lot on S line of Elgth street, 75 W of Harrison,
W B0 by 8 100, Oakland; $3054.
A. D. and Vesta M. Colby to Frederick M.
Colby, lots 18, 17 and IS, block G, Roberts &
AVollFklll Tract, Map 3, Oakland; grant.
Ira and Charlotte A. Vaughan to.Katherlne
Allen, lot on N line of Goss street, 130:74 W
of Pine, W 25 by N 100:4^4. block 36, Map lands
of Oakland Point railroad ferry landing, Oak
land: $1250.
Mary J. Rourke to John Bullman Jr., lot on
W line of Sherman or St. George street, 175 S
of Railroad avenue. 8 50 by W 160, block 28,
Map of Mary A. Fitch Homestead, Alameda:
*io. . - .
George A. Gray (single) to Marlon Van Ost
rand, lot beginning: at a point 225;9 S from S
line of Mason street, on w line of Ellis street,
W 120 by 8 87:74, block 8, Regent-Street Home
stead Tract. Berkeley; 110.
Daniel McGIone to George K. Holloway lot
on NW corner of Woolsey and Harper streets
N 100 by W 122:4, block 6, Central Park Tract!
Berkeley; $10.
George K. and Bessie M. Holloway to Daniel
McGIone, lot on B line of Woolsey street. 80 E
of Whitney. B" 40 by S SS. Map of Berkeley
Park. Berkeley: |10. -
H. B. Goecken (executor estate of Anna
Schneider) to Gil Larripa, plat 15, Mountain
View Tract Iilvermore, Murray Township; $765
Btate Savings Bank toW. L Fontaine, lot on,
N line of Twenty-fourth street, formerly Elm
190 B of San Pablo avenue, E 65, N 100 W 15*
N 25. W 50, 8 125 to beginning, being lot 2$
and portions of lots 8 and 22, block N Kelaov
Tract. Oakland; $10. . «-««ey
j A. J. and Bophle M. Snyder to T. A. Wash
burn, lot on \V line of Telegraph avenue 10O
N of Thirty-first street, W 134.11, N 30, E lfa 53
S 30.005. portions of lots 2 and 3, block 2558*
Rowland Tract, Oakland; $10.
Mary E. lowing to C. W. Gordon, lot on B
line of: Eleventh street, 153 * N of Fifty-fifth.
(or Villa avenue). E 100 by N 30, block 2. re
vised map of Ban Pablo-avenue Villa Tract.
Oakland; $10. ¦ w
Oakland Loan and Investment • Company to
Mortimer P. Smith, all Interest In lot on NW
corner of Hanover and Newton avenues W 60
N 145, E 42.40, S 145 to beginning. East Oakland;
J. R. Bigler to Louisa Blgler, lot on SW cor
ner of Chestnut street and San' Jose- avenue 8
60 by ,W 108, Alameda; gift.
John Bullman Jr. to Mary A. Bullman. lot
on W line of Sherman or St.. George street. 175
S of Railroad avenue. 8 60 by W 150, being "lots
16 and 17. block 28. map of Mary A. Fitch
Homestead, Alameda; pift. . ;
R. 8. and Bally E. Kitchener to Joseph ¦ &
Carney, lot on S line of Howe street. - 121 W of
Amethyst. W 40 by S 125, block B, map of Ther
mal Hill. Oakland; $10.
John F. and Sarah J. Cross to A, J. Gallndo
all Interest in lot on N line of Thirty-sixth
street, 809.26 W of Grove. N 140 by W 33-e.
tflock A, Apcar Tract, Oakland ; S10. •
Sarah J. and H. G. Blasdel, : 1*. W. ForstlnW
and John Rutherford (by Clarence Crowell, com
missioner) to State Savings Dank, lot on SB
corner -of ." Twenty-sixth street and Twenty
fourth avenue. S 100, E 120, N 100, Wto begin
ning, block 6, Blasdel Tract, ' map 3,' Brooklyn,
Township; $1393. -
Rebecca L. Strong to George J. Strong, lot on
E line of Raymond street. .100 N of. Prince N
60 by E 125. blook B, Woolsey Tract, Berkeley ;
Robert Shiels to Charles Muff, lot on SB Una
of Olive street. 44.96 BW.frora.8 line of Pint
SW: 75 by. BE 100, block D. Melrose Station.
Tract. Brooklyn Township: f 10.
George L. Marshall to Rebecka Blom (wife of
Albert), lots 1 and S, block A, Allendale Tract.
Brooklyn .Township (subject to ' mortgage for
$400); $10. ¦ N ' .•-¦¦¦¦¦••- ' ¦ -.
Henry Z. and Barah M. Jones to Mine, lots
S3 and 14. block 2, same tract; $10.
REAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
Alameda County.
¦ Herman J.' Sadler, ' <*f *¦ Mau;5 Sadler f &•
Co., '.was an old friend of Adler,' and; had
the * major part of s the old man's wealth
4 Moses Adler, a Polish* Jew, eighty-nine
years old and a familiar, figure for twenty
years i past ; on: Sari'' Francisco* streets, died
Bufidcnlyycsterdaya-fternoonMn the lodg
ing.-house,; B2V4 Kcarny street.- A thou
sand dollars in' cash !,whlch; he* was known
to have in" his" possession cannot be found,
end* Public ; Administrator !,"Boland; aided
by .' detectives," 'is J hunting < high ana low.
for^the misslng;coln; ! ; ; / /
; 'Adler I was a unique character. ; He, k/pt
a grocery ; at Virginia City for. many years,
and,' through. 'extreme. frugality, he ; man
aged '-. to accumulate ' a snug, sum. r - About
twenty- years ; ago ; retired ; from 'busi
ness and ; came - to San Francisco; and for
more than half that time he lived at ZfiVs
Kearny street. -;•¦• ' ¦ : ¦ ,• ¦¦¦¦
Moses Adler Leaves 1 $1000 in
Notes and Gold That
Cannot Be Found.
MISER DIES AND
MONEY IS GONE
The "gap" in the railroad between this city
and Los Angeles will be completed In a few.
weeks and ; then' all ; of the southern, local and
overland trains will reach . this city at .Third
and Townsend streets/When the Bay Shore line
Is completed a large surburban travel will de
velop along that road. The travel on this line
To the- Honorable^-Board of Supervisors — Gen
tleman: «•* Th» Richmond ' District Improvemeenv
Association desires to express its opposition to
the application of the Market-street Railway
Company for a franchise on Townsend street,
from Third to Second and thence on Second
street to Brannan street, for the following rea
sone: ,- ' -'•';
.The petition , was . speedily . drawn : and
adopted without.a dissenting vote. A com
mittee composed of Charles H. Hubbs and
E. P. E.: Troy was selected to appear be
fore the Supervisors and protest against
the granting of the franchise. The peti
tion Bent to the board follows:
BAN. FRANCISCO, Dec. 14, 1900.
That the residents of the'Rlchmond Dis
trict aro alive to the future interests of
their section was evidenced at a meeting
of their improvement club last night.' 'It
was there unanimously decided that a pe
tition be sent to the Board of Supereisors
requesting its members to negative the
action of the committee which favors
granting the Market Street Railway Com
pany another franchise south of Market
street.
The number of wholesale dealers In beer
and other malt liquors in this country in
creased from €577 in 1S9S and 7257 in 1S30
to T73O In 1900. and tho number of retail
dealers from 12jrn In 1SD8 and 12,327 in 1333
to 12,716 during the same period.
Branch Hydrographlc Office, VU. S. N., Mer
chants' Exchange, San Arancisco, Cal.,
December 14, 1900.
The time ball on the tjwer of the new Ferry
building was dropped at exactly noon to-day—
1. e., at noon of the 120th meridian, or at S
o'clock p. m., Greenwich time.
C. O. CALKINS.
Lieutenant Commander, U. S. N., In charge.
Time Ball.
NOTE— In the above exposition of the tides
the early morning tides are given in th« left
band column and . the successive tides of the
day In the order of occurrence as to time of
day, the third time column gives the last
tide of the day, except when there are but
three tides, as sometimes occurs. The heights
given are in addition to the soundings on the
United States Coast Survey charts, except
when a minus sign (— ) precedes the height, and
then the number given Is subtracted from the
depth given by the charts. The plane of refer
ence Is the mean of the lower low waters.
PALACE HOTEL.
J Klein Jr. Pa
E W Runyon, R Bluff
C N Sterry. L Angeles
E H McClurg, St Louis
B W Dorfson. Chicago
W L NicoJ. New York
W R Scott. Chicago
D Mason & w. Cal
C Silent. Loe Angeles
E J Lauton. L Angeles
J J Byrne. L Angeles
T B Gibbon. L Angeles
J Player & w, Kans
E C Bergman, Kans
A Bettens, Bvron Spr
J H Fertig. New York
Mrs Fertig, New York
Miss N Patterson. N Y
A G Kavanaueh. USN
R H Parker. Shanghai
B Middleton. N Y
E D Van Walre«. Japn
Mr Wittamer, Belgium
F P Butler. New York
Mrs Butler. New York
E W Wildman, N Y
Mrs Wildman. N Y
G R Smith. N Mexico
B Stein. Corea
R V Ellis. Hanford
C Howscroft. London
T Biggam. London
G F Bradley. Chgo
F W Stephenson, Cal
S P Hardy, Stanford
Mrs R Belfleld. China
Miss Bclfleld. China
C E Hodde. USA
J D Grissem. San Jose
Mrs G W Baker. Oakld
Irene Baker. Oakland
R T Baker. Oakland
J»B Gildersleve. Stnfrd
M Epstein. Chicago
Mrs Epstein. Chicago
J O Betts, Chicago
Mrs Betts. Chicago
A G Kennle. SS Coptic
IW Whalen. Nevada
M J Moloney. S Jose
J W Piper. Boston
A W Howard. Chgo
E Rodier. Canada
W Bayley. New York
B B Wood, Angels
B J Gates, L Angeles
GRAND HOTEL.
II Mcwhorter, Cal
Mrs D Koppitz, Cal
J B Harmon, Yreka
B W Zens & w. Mo
J McCuddcn, Vallejo
Miss McCudden. ValleJ
Mrs W Kdson, Vallejo
I Bird, Merced
G E Kennedy, Llvermr
A Anderson, Sulsun
Mrs Pringle, Wash
W F Parker. Lo« Ang
W Lilly. Valleclto
J M Jones, Colusa
W J Green & w. Wanh
S H Palmer, Oakland
F Schmidt, Tacoma
G B Haven. Salt Lake
G R Cowan, Forest Hll
Dr J O Pierce. • Cal
J W Churchill & w.Cal
Miss Wheeler, Btocktn
A D Graham, Chicago
H Kensell. Cal •
H M Storey. N Y
J P Rodgers, Fetalum.
F B Tracy & w. Cal
J H Corley. Oakland
Mrs P N Young, Cal
Miss M Young. Cal
C L Merriman. Stanfrd
F W Bancroft. Stanfrd
A B Stuart, Stanford
C W Leonard. NY
H L Paul, N' Y
J A Mlgllavacca, Napa
lira F Wlllard. N Y
A P Adams. Fresno
NEW WESTERN HOTEI*
Mike Wilson, Btkn
E O'Connor, Sacto
K Barrens, S Jose
G Reed, S Jose
W Bradford & w, Mo
Mrs Arsine, S Joee
B SU«n, Oakland
John Mahan, N T
C C Collins, N T
H J Johnson, Oakdale
T Fitzgerald, Wyo
H L Sherwood. L. Gatos ;
3 M Nelson, Astoria
John Brown, Astoria
H Petersen, Mont
Lt C Bundeson, Mont
C N Brown, K City
J Fablinger, Caspar '•
Paul Howe, f Bragg
U Wallenberg, L Ajig
\V G Mearns, N M
R Folkers, Albany
f} 11 Harlan, Colo '
Mrtr Hortlock. Cal
Frank Harris, Ind
Mrs N Webber. Colo
Lee Paine, L Ang
H Lundsford, Cal I
C La Follette. Ill
J Patton, Dallas
Harry Patterson, Ohio
John Patterson, Ohio
HOTEL ARRIVALS.
NOTE — The high and low waters occur at the
city front (Mission-street wharf) about twenty
five minutes later than at Fort Point; tha
height of tide is the Fame at both places.
United States Coast : and' Geodetic Survey-
Times and Heights of High and Low
. Waters at F,ort Point, entrance to San
Francisco Bay. Published by official au
thority of the Superintendent.
Sun, Moon and Tide.
TO ARRIVE.
TO SAIL.
Steamer Movements.
Shipping Intelligence.
ARRIVED.
Thursday. December 13.
Br etrar Coptic, Rinder, 27 days 26 minutes
In addition to the cargo previously reported
the steamer Sierra, which sailed Thursday, car
ried the followlns:
For Australia— 298 rolls news paper, valued at
$4?89.
For New Zealand — 451 rolls S3 bdls news paper.
An Additional Manifest.
The steamer City of Rio de Janeiro sailed yes
terday for China and Japan with a general
cargo valued at $106,929. manifested as follows:
For China. 151.729: for Japan, $41,986; for Ma
nila, $10,967; for East Indies, $2247. . The prin
cipal shipments were as follows:
For China— 64 bxs apples, 2360 lbs bread, 1505
gals beer, £500 lbs beans, 793 cs canned goods,
StO39 lbs che*«e, 570 lbs chocolate. 8250 lbs cod
fish. 16 ca drugs, 8 cs dry goods. 4175 lbs dried
fruit, £510 bbls flour, 11 csks ginseng, 1310 pkgs
groceries and provisions, 10,728 lbs ham and
bacon, 1700 lbs -indigo, 7 rolls leather, r»950 lbs
millstufrs, 1800 lbs oleomargarine, S70 era on
ions, 175 crs .j^Gtatoes, 10.8J0 lbs pearl barley,
FSO lbs Btarch. 10 kegs sauerkraut, 15 cs ealmon,
230 gals wine, .* crs wagon material.
For Japan— 300 bales cotton. 635 cs canned
good*. 10,000 lbs codfish, 2 cs drugs, 200 lbs
drl*a fruit. 2750 bbls flour, 10 bxs fruit, 395 pkgs
groceries and provisions, 777 lbs hops, 1800 kegs
nails, 5 cs rubber goods, 9 cs soap, 6 bales
Bheopeklns, CO cs salmon, 193 plates steel, CO cs
whlsKy. 250 gals wine.
For Manila— 10 cs brandy, 17 crs bicycles, 17
billiard outfits. 122 cs blackberry brandy. 101 cb
canued goods, 1000 bbls flour, 8 pkgs groceries
and provisions, 1590 lbs hops, 18 bxs lemons, 63
os i.nonograph goods, 100 kej?» sauerkraut, 10
cs shoes, 1263 cs whisky. 80 cs 2300 gals wine.
For East Indies — 617 c« canned Roods, 11 bdls
pipe, 2 cs salmon, 24 bxs fruit, S00 lbs dried
fruit, 721 gals wine.
— * . v •
Merchandise for the Orient.
The British chip Inverurle cleared yesterday
for Queenstown for orders with 50,967 ctls
wheat, valued at $51,000, and 19,000 feet lumber
dunnage, valued at $2S5. Total value, (51,285.
Shipping Merchants.
Matters of Interest to Mariners and
NEWS OF THE OCEAN.
J. A. Barrs, one of the stewards on the
transport Thomas came near to Ms death
yesterday. He was walking along the deck
when a sling full of merchandise struck
him and knocked him into the hold. Barrs
fell on his head and the scalp Is terribly
lacerated, besides the chance of a fracture.
He was treated at the Harbor Hospital.
Steward Badjy Injured.
Steamer Bio Delayed.
The Mall Company's Rio de Janeiro left
her dock yesterday for the Orient. Oft
the barge office she came to an anchor
and a number of Porto Ricans were put
aboard. ' ..
The 8 1 earner Coptic of the Occidental
and Oriental line and the Nlko of the
Kosmos line both made port yesterday.
The latter vessel stopped at San Diego on
her way here, and the result of her voy
a#e from Hamburg has already been pub
lished. The Coptic was in. the great
Hongkong typhoon, but, the main facts
of her experience have also * been pub
lished. The cabin passengers on the Cop
tic were: , .
Mrs. R. Belfleld. Miss Belfleld. Mr. Berths,
Mrs. Berthe, Miss Berthe, Lieutenant Biggam,
F« A. Blake, Mr. Davis, F. 'B. Butler, Mrs.
Butler. W. E. Dennison. H. Fetzer. J. H. Fer
tlg, Mrs. Fertlg, »M1bs M. Fertig, Miss Dr.
Glass, H. Harris. Mrs. Harris, C, E. Hodde,
Mrs. A. J. Griffin, Miss Edith Griffin, Mrs.
A. C. Jackson. Mrs. Jewell, D. W. Lyon, Mrs.
D. W.»Lyon.and Infant, Master Lyon, Mrs.
J. L. Matier. Miss G. Newton. S. Middleton.
F. H. Olmstead, Mrs. Olmstead. Miss Olm
stead, Master OlmBtead.^R. H. Parker, Miss
M. Patterson. E. Stein. Captain Rowcroft,' Miss
C. E. Rishter, ,W. G. Sharp. Mrs. Sharp, G.
T. • Shields. Mrs. Shields. Miss Alice Terrell.
E. D. Van Walree.,L. W.- Washington, A.
Wittamer. E. Wildrtjan, Mrs. E. Wildman.
The Kosmos liner Neko is the fastest
vessel of the fleet. She came here from
Hamburg via the Straits of Magellan,
stopped at all the South and Central
American ports of call and still made the
run in ninety-eight days, thus beating al
most every other boat on the line by thir
ty days. The run was marred by her un
fortunate collision with the Crown of
Scotland and also by ihe running down of
a fishing smack while making port. The
Neko brings 600 tons of freight for this
port and seven passengers. „
PETITION THE SUPERVISORS TO ANNUL A FRANCHISE GRANT
• '¦•¦¦'-_•';
from Hongkong, via Yokohama 16 days 8 hours
27 minutes, via Honolulu 6 days 17 hours 28
mlnute3.
Friday, ¦ December It.
Stmr Walla .Walla, Hall, 68 hours trons' Vic
toria and Puget Sound port*. /. , S
Stmr fzarlna. Seaman. 6 days from Ta coma.
Stmr Navarre Petersen. : 45 hours from San
Pedro. . .. • ¦ . ¦¦':•¦
Stmr Sequoia, Wlnkel, 23 hours from Fort
Brass.
Stmr Washtenaw, Zolllngr, 95 hours from Ta
coma. • . . ¦¦. •
Stmr Signal, Bendegard, 5 days from Grays
Harbor. •
CLEARED.
. Friday, December 14.
Stmr City of Rio de Janeiro, Ward, Honolulu,
Yokohama and Hongkong-; Pacific Mail SS Co.
Stmr Pomona, Shea, Eureka; Goodall, Per
kins & Co.
Stmr Santa Rosa, Alexander. San Diego;
Goodall, Perklna & Co. •
Whaling bark John and Winthrop, Macomber,
whalins; H J-Knowlea.
Br bark Inverurle, Charleeon, Queenstown;
Balfour,. Guthrie & Co..
SAILED.
¦ Friday, December 14.
Stmr Corona. Glelow,, San Pedro.
Stmr Columbia. Doran, Astoria.
Stmr City of Rio de Janeiro, -Ward, Honolulu,
Yokohama and Hongkong.
Stmr Pomona, - Shea, Kureka.
Stmr Brunswick, Andre6en. Eureka. ~
Stmr South Coast, Olsen, Eureka. .',
Nor Btmr Tellus, Pedersen, Chemalnus.
Tug I> Luckenbach, McCoy, Santa Rosalia.
-V . TELEGRAPHIC.
POINT LOBOS, Dec 14, 10 pm— Weather
cloudy; wind SW, velocity 20 miles.
MISCELLANEOUS.
SE storm signals are ordered along coast from
Port Harford to Eureka, and SW northward.
Schr Mary Etta, bound out this morning, De
cepiber 14, collided with the schr Louise In the
channel, carrying away latter" s bowsprit.
Tug Jx>ttte • broke down between Arch Rock
and Lime Point.
; DOMESTIC PORTS.
ASTORIA— Barbound Dec 14— Stmrs South
Portland, Del Norte and Despatch.
Sailed Dec 14— Stmr Geo W Elder, for San
Francisco. >•-. ,
Arrived Deo 14— Br stmr Chingo Wo, from
Hlceo. "¦¦••--•
PORT BLAKA.EY— Arrived Deo 14-Schr
Prosper, hence Nov 29. te£P7Vf
UMPQUA— Arrived Dec 11— Schr Lucy, from
San Pedro. < .
SBATTLD-Salled Dec lJ-Stmr Vld»rlan. for
Skaguaj'. . r
_TACOMA— Arrived Dec 14— Stmr Matteawan.
hence Dec 10; bark Gatherer, henoe Nov 27.
PORT TOWNSEND— Sailed Dec 14— Schr Rob
ert R Hind, for Kahulul.
ELEELE— Arrived Dec 8— Bktn Amelia, from
Tacoma. ' ¦ , ¦¦•• ¦ _i ¦'-/¦-¦
HONOLULU— Arrived Nov 3<£-Bark James
Nesmith, from Newcastle, Aus. • Dec 2— Ship
Jabez Howes, from Tacoma; schr Aloha, hence
Nov 7: schr Bangor, from Lahaina. Dec 3—
Stmr Ellhu Thomson, from Seattle. Dec 7—
Bark Iroquois, from Seattle; bark Olympic,
hence Nov 17. Dec 4— S?chr Jennie Wand, from
Eureka. Dec 6— Schr Jessie Minor, from Eu
reka: ship John C Potter, from Tacoma: bark
S C Allen, hence Nov 11; schr J A Campbell,
from Port Blakeley: Br stmr Doric, hence Nov
28; bark Wallace B Flint, hence Nov. 15; bark
Andrew Welch, hence Nov 10; bark Mauna Ala,
hence Nov 11.
Outside Dec 5 — Ship Ivy, from Seattle, for
China, for water.
To sail Dec 6— Bark C D Bryant, for San
Francisco. • Deo 7— Ship Kennebec, for Puget
Sound. ¦ -
Sailed Dec 6— Br ship Ivy, for China. Nov 80
—Schr Eclipse, for Maul. Dec 1— Schr Fannie
Adele, for Eleele.
HI1X> — Arrived Nov SO — Bark Annie Johnson,
hence Nov 8.
Sailed Nov 2S— 8hl* Falls of Clyde, for Baa
Francisco.
MAHUKOXA— Sailed Nov S»— Brig Consuelo,
for San Francisco.
KAHULUI— Arrived Nov 2S— Brig Luritne,
hence Oct 30. Nov 29— Schr Alice Klmball,
from Honolulu.
Sailed Dec- 1— Schr S T Alexander, for San
Francisco, s
FOREIGN PORTS.
MANILA— Sailed Deo 14— Br stmr WyeOeld.
for San FranciBco. via Nagasaki.
OCEAN STEAMERS.
BOSTON— Arrived Dec 14— Stmr IVemla, from
Liverpool. *
GLASGOW — Arrived Deo 14 — Stmr Call
fornlan. from New York.
- Sailed Dec 13— Stmr L&urentlan, for New
York.
LI VERPOOL— Arrived . Dec 14 — Stmr Corin
thian, from Portland: stmr Phlladelphian, from
New York.
Sailed Dec 13— Stmr Ultonla, for Boston.
MARSEILLES— Arrived Dec 14— Stmr Kara
mania, from New York, via' Lisbon.
MUROR AN— Arrived prior to, Deo 8— Stmr
Horda, from Tacoma, via Port Arthur.
Arrived prior to Dec 14— Stmr
Marlposa, - from San Francisco, via Honolulu,
for Sydney, NSW.
ANTWERP— Arrived Dec 13— Stmr Nederland.
from Philadelphia.
HAVRE— Arrived Deo 14— Stmr La Gascogne.
from New York. ' .
HAMBURG— Arrived Deo 14— Stmr Cap Frio,
from New York.
MOVILLE— Sailed Dec- 18— Stmr Anchoria.
from Glasgow, for New York.
Neko Had a Narrow Escape, but the Coptic Went
Along Without Any Trouble and Made a Good
Landing— Thomas' Steward's Close Call.
STEAMSHIPS COPTIC AND NEKO ARRIVE
IN PORT WHILE THE STORM IS RAGING
trance, which would make thirty-four fe«t
of entrance.
Brandenstein wanted the proprietors to
postpone tho opening of the theater until
the matter was settled. McCarthy held
that this would be unfair to the owners,
who had expended larf;e sums of money.
Tobin thought advantage had been taken
of the resolution .which had granted a
permit for amusement purposes only. Mc-
Carthy argued that a theater was cer
tainly an amusement.
"If these people were allowed to go
ahead with thi3 building," said McCarthy,
"and the Board of Public "Works neg
lected to perform its duty by stopping
them In the beginning if it was not being
constructed according to law It is late In
the day for us to step in and rescind the
permit after the building is finished. I
say this action would be a hardship."
Brandenstein was of the opinion that
the building could be regarded as on« re
modeled and In that event it would not
be subject to the stringent provisions of
the new ordinance.
Action on Kesolution Postponed and
Proprietors Will in Meantime
Take Every Precaution to
Insure Public Safety.
. >_
The Supervisors' Committee on Jndl
clary postponed action until next Wednes
day on the resolution granting the Cen
tral Park Amusement Company a permit
to construct additions to Its building on
Market street, near Eighth. In the faca
of,, the assertion made by Commissioner
Manson that the building* did not comply
strictly with the new theater ordinance
Fire Chief Sullivan informed the commit
tee that it was practically a sjfe building.
To a question of Chairman Brandenstein
Chief Sullivan said:
"It is a good structure and far safer
than some of the theaters you have now.
The exits to the main building are very
good, aggregating thirty-six feet. Th«
main exit on Market street is only seven
teen feet and could be widened by remov
ing the piers. The only fear tha publia
would have would be this controversy.
I would suggest that the piers be removed
to widen the entrance and a steel girder
be substituted which would give a sweep
of twenty-two feet. The exits are far
superior to those In many theaters. Ther*
is a good exit from the gallery iato Cen
tral Park- : The walls would be slow in be
ing consumed in case of flre and the
building is what might be termed a slow
burning building. Theaters are safer now
than they ever were and more precaution*
for the public safety are taken. The fact
that the building stands alone Is an ad
vantage. In the strict sense of the word
there Is not a nre-proof theater in this
city."
Attorney Davis, for Belasco and Thall,
stated that the piers referred to by Chief
Sullivan would be removed immediately
and the exit made twenty-two feet wide.
Iron stairs from the gallery will be erect
ed* for flre escapes.
Chairman Brandenstein here stated that
the proprietors of the building should
note in writing what alterations have
been made and the committee will inspect
the building next week.
Chief Sullivan said that he would make
further suggestions to the contractors to
Increase the safety of the building and
promised to report the exact conditions.
"I do not wish to appear." said the
Chief, "as being in favor of this kind of
construction nor of recommending that
the Central Theater is 'dead' safe. Thouga
there are many exits an accident might
occur some time in the future."
Commissioner Hanson held that the only
safe theater was a fire-proof building.
The main entrance, he said, was not wide
enough and did not comply with the or»,
dinance.
Superintendent Steve Simmons stated
that the contractors had never been noti
fied to make an entrance twenty-eight feet
wide. There was an additional entrance
twelve feet wide Just off the main en-
Fire Chief Sullivan So In
forms the Supervisors'
Committee.
CENTRAL THEATER
PRONOUNCED SAFE
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALli, SATURDAY, DECEMBER 15, 1900.
A.vM. Burns^D. D., will address the
mass meeting for., men ? only at i the .Young
Men's ! Christian /Association f Auditorium/
Mason* and ; Ellis " streets,'^ tomorrow after
noon ,' at 3 i o'clock. Subject—' 'Can ' Matter
Produce a Soul?" ••:¦"¦•
Address to Young Men
13
Steamer. From. Due.
Willamette .... Seattle Dec. 13
Centennial ..... Seattle..... Dec. 15
Eureka Humboldt Dec. 15
Coptic China and Japan Dec. 13
Empire Coos Bay Dec. IS
Mandalay Coqullle River Dec. 18
Bonlta Newport Dec. 18
Queen San Diego Dec It
O. W. Elder../. Portland Dec. 18
Santa Darbara. Humboldt Dec. IS
Mackinaw Seattle Dec. 16
Del Norte Portland and Coos Bay. Dec. 17
Fulton Portland and Astoria... Dec. 17
Nome City Seattle Dec 17
Samoa ......... Humboldt ». Dec. 17
Pomona Humboldt Dec. 17
Rainier Seattle & New Wtoatcom Deo. IS
Umatilla Victoria * Puget Sound Dec IS
North Fork Humboldt Dec 18
Corona Newport Dec. 13
Mattewan Tacoma Dec. 19
Crescent City.. Crescent City Dec. 20
Santa Rosa .... San Diego Dec., ii
Arcata Coos Bay Dec 20
Point Arena Point Arena Dec T)
Zealandla .•».... Honolulu.'. Dec. 31
Columbia Portland Deo. 21
Colon Panama & Way Ports .. Deo. 21
Newburg Grays Harbor..: Dec 21
From.
I Due.
Steamer.'
Destination.
Sails.
Pier.
Pt. Arena.. Point Arena.. Dec 15, 2 pm Pier 2
Czarina Seattle <tTac. Dec. IS. 5 pm Pier 8
w. Kruger. Grays Harbor Dec 15. C pm Pier 13
Axcata .... Coos Bay...*.. Dec. 15. 12 m Pier 13
Bel. King... China& Japan Dec. 15. 10 am 3.W.2
San Pedro.. Humboldt Dec IS. 10 am Pier 2
Santa Roea. San Diego Dec. 16, 9 am Pier 11
Walla Wai. Vic & Pgt Sd. Dec. 17, 11 am Pier 9
Eureka .... Humboldt Dec. 17, Sam Pier 13
Empire .... Coos Bay Dec. 17. 10 am Pier 13
Argo ....... CoquilleRlv.. Dec. IS. 10 am Pier —
City Para.. Pan. & Way . Dec, 18. 12 m PMSS
Bonlta Newport DecVlS.- Sun Pier 11
St. Paul./.. Panama...... Dee. 14 I pm Pier 34
Mandalay . Coqullle Rlv.. Dec. II, 13 am Pier 2
Alliance ... Portrd&C.B. Dec. 18. 10 am Pier 33
Hathor Hambg&Way Dec. 18 Pier 27
Pomona .... Humboldt Dec 19, 2 pm Pier 9
G. W. Elder Portland Dec. 19, 11 am Pier 24
Queen San Diego.... Dec.*19, 9 am Pier 11
Nome City. Seattle Dec. 19, 5 pm Pier —
Fulton ..... Astoria &Ptld Dec 20. 4 pm Pier —
Samoa Humboldt Dec. 20. 10 am Pier 2
Rainier Seat&N.Wna. Dec. 21, ...... Pier —
C. Nelson.. Seat&N.Wha. Dec. 21 Pier-
North ForkfHumboldt Dec. 21. 9 am Pier 2
Corona Newport ...... Dec. 21. Sam Pier 11
Coptic China & Japan Dec 22. 1 pm PMSS
Umatilla ..JVic & Pgt Sd Dec. 22, 11 am|Pler 9
SATURDAY. DECEMBER 15.
Sun rises 7:13
Sun sets 4:52
Moon rises 1:14 a. m.
C3 Time Time ' Time Time
£ Ft. Ft. Ft. Ft.
• H W X. W H W L W
IS ... 6:34 6.2 1:39 1.7 7:40 *3~4 .....
L, W ¦ H W L. W H XV
18 ... 0:12 2.5 7:12 6.3 2:18 1.2 8:51 I.j
17 ... 0:59 2.8 • 7:47 5.4 2:54 0.6 9:4« S.I
18 ... 1:46 3.0 8:19 5.5 3:80 0.2 10:35 4.0
1» ... 2:33 3.1 8:53 6.7 4:04 —0.2 11:18 4.1
20... 3:1S 3.1 9:29 S.8 4:39 -«.« 11:58 4.3
21... 4:06 3.2 10:05 6.9 6:18—0.7 .
SATURDAY. DECEMBER 15.
Sun rises 7:13
Sun sets 4:52
Moon rises 1:14 a. m.
C3 Time Time ' Time Time
£ Ft. Ft. Ft. Ft.
• H W X. W H W L W
IS ... 6:34 6.2 1:39 1.7 7:40 *3~4 .....
L, W ¦ H W L. W H XV
18 ... 0:12 2.5 7:12 6.3 2:18 1.2 8:51 I.j
17 ... 0:59 2.8 • 7:47 5.4 2:54 0.6 9:4« S.I
18 ... 1:46 3.0 8:19 5.5 3:80 0.2 10:35 4.0
1» ... 2:33 3.1 8:53 6.7 4:04 —0.2 11:18 4.1
20... 3:1S 3.1 9:29 S.8 4:39 -«.« 11:58 4.3
21... 4:06 3.2 10:05 6.9 6:18—0.7 .
Steamer. From. Due.
Willamette .... Seattle Dec. 13
Centennial ..... Seattle..... Dec. 15
Eureka Humboldt Dec. 15
Coptic China and Japan Dec. 13
Empire Coos Bay Dec. IS
Mandalay Coqullle River Dec. 18
Bonlta Newport Dec. 18
Queen San Diego Dec It
O. W. Elder../. Portland Dec. 18
Santa Darbara. Humboldt Dec. IS
Mackinaw Seattle Dec. 16
Del Norte Portland and Coos Bay. Dec. 17
Fulton Portland and Astoria... Dec. 17
Nome City Seattle Dec 17
Samoa ......... Humboldt ». Dec. 17
Pomona Humboldt Dec. 17
Rainier Seattle & New Wtoatcom Deo. IS
Umatilla Victoria * Puget Sound Dec IS
North Fork Humboldt Dec 18
Corona Newport Dec. 13
Mattewan Tacoma Dec. 19
Crescent City.. Crescent City Dec. 20
Santa Rosa .... San Diego Dec., ii
Arcata Coos Bay Dec 20
Point Arena Point Arena Dec T)
Zealandla .•».... Honolulu.'. Dec. 31
Columbia Portland Deo. 21
Colon Panama & Way Ports .. Deo. 21
Newburg Grays Harbor..: Dec 21
From.
I Due.
Steamer.'
Destination.
Sails.
Pier.
Pt. Arena.. Point Arena.. Dec 15, 2 pm Pier 2
Czarina Seattle <tTac. Dec. IS. 5 pm Pier 8
w. Kruger. Grays Harbor Dec 15. C pm Pier 13
Axcata .... Coos Bay...*.. Dec. 15. 12 m Pier 13
Bel. King... China& Japan Dec. 15. 10 am 3.W.2
San Pedro.. Humboldt Dec IS. 10 am Pier 2
Santa Roea. San Diego Dec. 16, 9 am Pier 11
Walla Wai. Vic & Pgt Sd. Dec. 17, 11 am Pier 9
Eureka .... Humboldt Dec. 17, Sam Pier 13
Empire .... Coos Bay Dec. 17. 10 am Pier 13
Argo ....... CoquilleRlv.. Dec. IS. 10 am Pier —
City Para.. Pan. & Way . Dec, 18. 12 m PMSS
Bonlta Newport DecVlS.- Sun Pier 11
St. Paul./.. Panama...... Dee. 14 I pm Pier 34
Mandalay . Coqullle Rlv.. Dec. II, 13 am Pier 2
Alliance ... Portrd&C.B. Dec. 18. 10 am Pier 33
Hathor Hambg&Way Dec. 18 Pier 27
Pomona .... Humboldt Dec 19, 2 pm Pier 9
G. W. Elder Portland Dec. 19, 11 am Pier 24
Queen San Diego.... Dec.*19, 9 am Pier 11
Nome City. Seattle Dec. 19, 5 pm Pier —
Fulton ..... Astoria &Ptld Dec 20. 4 pm Pier —
Samoa Humboldt Dec. 20. 10 am Pier 2
Rainier Seat&N.Wna. Dec. 21, ...... Pier —
C. Nelson.. Seat&N.Wha. Dec. 21 Pier-
North ForkfHumboldt Dec. 21. 9 am Pier 2
Corona Newport ...... Dec. 21. Sam Pier 11
Coptic China & Japan Dec 22. 1 pm PMSS
Umatilla ..JVic & Pgt Sd Dec. 22, 11 am|Pler 9
nooMI TO LET— Kwni. and Pafnra.
HOWARD. 76: H— Sunny bay-window room;
other* ; rearonchle.
•Lap PALMAS. :S20 Market St.— Suite cf 1 or 3
nr.s.; private; tath; sin, rma.; board optional.
LEWIS rl«<*. 1^-Fumlshed and unfurnished
roenxs to let: tingle or en suite.
MINNA. 2ST. bet. Sd and «th (New York House)
_Out*!de rooms Jl S3 per week and up.
MIVNA. ?T7— FumlFhod rooms from }J per ina.
up; aJfo housekeeping. (
NEW AKLINGTCCC. 1C1S Market St.— Nicely
fumlrried rooms. tS a week up; S5c a day up.
OTARRELL. ro— Suar.y furnished rooms and
c^.ces; elevator: electric lights; day, wk.. mo.
1OTAL House. 126 Ellis «t. — Incandescent light -
rtradinr-room. Emoking-room and ladles' par-
'ac; rooms, per niffht, SSc to Jl 80; week, $2 to
j s month. JS to $,»0; elevator oa ground floor;
r > rr.s with hct and cold water; baths.
VfEPALE House. 81S and sa Ellis et.— Rooms.
r.:pht 2Sc to tl. week tl 25 to U; open nlffht.
f HERMAN Apartment House. S8 Eighth «t..
r »ur Market— Furnished cr unfurnished.
<=V" ". KR. SlO^t— Chansed hanfla; newly reno-
vtrgg; flncle rooms, t*; suites. tl2 to J2S mo.
cVTTT:!*, MS— Nicely furalshed front room;
r ' 'n Improvements; suitable for a studio.
•"!•:::.-' S14 — < nicely furnished rooms; rent
r^a^rable.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
'r^-:' f° «-t Call branch office. 2200 Ftllmore st.
a PBANCH cfBc» for Call advertisements and
f jtscriptlocs has been established at low
Valencia st.
ROOMS AND BOA11D.
EELDCT family hotel; new interior; three spe-
iial dinner* weekly; rates to establish. S07
v::fcrr.la ct.
ROoSlS AXD DOARD WASTED.
•RANTED— Board and room in Engllih^fpeak^
:n« family for foreign gentleman. Box 73J.
Call office.
i*—— ——————
V.'AN'l"lil>— PVrn. room bet. Leavenworth. Van
N«>s, Hush & California, by German gent I
"s.th. fara. prefd.: state details. Box 7ST. Call.
SPECIAL XOTICES.
— — — ---- -¦ — ¦ -¦ .---¦¦ ----¦..-.....
ROOMS papered from IS up; plaster repaired
and leaks. 219 Third st.
BAD tenants ejected for $4; collections made;
city or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION CO..
V.t MontpoR-.err St.. rooms 9-10; tel. Ct£3
SEWIXG MACHINES AXD SUPl'TTlES.
ALL kinds bought. Bold, rented, exchanged, re-
paired j open evea. ; phone Black 1124. SOS 4th.
ALL kinds bourht, sold and repairing guaran-
teed. Charles Plambtck. 1S15 Mission, nr. lith.
ALL kinds bought, sold, rented, exchanged: re-
V airing lowest rates; open even. 205 Fourth.
BOUGHT, sold, rented, repaired; needles and
Fhattlts: reduced rates. 145 6th: phone Mint 5.
storage: a>d warehouses.
BEKINS Van and Storage Co.. T22 Mission et. ;
tel. yam IS43; shipping at • cut rates.
WILSON DROS.. Ftcrag-e and moving: co%-ered
vans. Tenth wr.J Market: phone South 782.
TYPEWRITERS A\D SUPPLIES.
GREAT BA^aAlNS^TVr^^RltTERS^We
s*ll better machines for less money than any
house in the city; rentals, $3. The Typewriter
Exchange, f.36 California: telephone Main 266.
ALWAYS bargains in typewriters; any mak*«
Write for prices to L. & M. ALEXANDER,
110 Montgomery Ft.
DIVIDEND XOTICES.
? DIVIDEND in liquidation of 3 per cent oa
. all deposits has be^n declased by The Califor-
nia Savings and Loan Society, payable on and
aftfr Friday. December 14, 1500. at the office
• of the society. Mills building, Id floor, room
tS. CHAS. D. KARQUHARSON. Secretary.
DIVIDEND NOTICE— Dividend No. 8$ (25 cents
per fhare) of the Hutchinson Sugar Planta-
tion Company will be payable at the office
of the company. S27 Market St., en and after
Thursday, December 20. 1900. Transfer books
will close on Friday, December 14, 1900, at 3
o'clock p. m. E. H. SHELDON, secretary.
DIVIDEND notice— Dividend Xo. 16 (twenty- i
five cents per share) of the Kilauea 6urar
Plantation Company will be payable at the
office of th<? companv, 327 Market »t., on and j
after SATURDAY, December 15, 1S00. Trans-
fer books closed on Saturday, December t.
ISOP. et 12 o'clock m.
E. H. STTELDON. Secretary.
MABRIAGE LICENSES.
Trip following marriage lisenses were issued
ye«ter<iaj": *
Clarvnce E. Raliwy, 21, 20€2 Ellis street, and
Alice E. Williams, 21. 20€* Ellis street.
Fmr.k LafTranchl, 3S. Halfmoon Bay, and
Elisabetta liossl, 49, Halfmoon Bay.
Leonard V. H. Covert. 22. Oakland, and Ida
A. L»u BoIe, 21. Oakland.-
Oscar E. Rosbene. 2«. S13 Natoma ttreet, and
Bertha Frey. 25. lo.'? Pacific street.
BIRTHS— MAERIAGES— DEATHS."
Birth, marriage and death notices eent by
rr.ai! will not be inserted. They must be handed
in at e;ther of the publication offices and be
:r,c. r.-"'i u-lth the name and residence of per-
sons authorized to have the same published.
BORN.
EEEfHARDT-lD thl* city. December 12. 1900,
to the w.fe cf A. W. n«-lnhajdt. a son. i
~MARRIEIX ~
BUROESS— ETCHLER— In this city. December
11. 1&"<. by the R*v. J.-N. Deard. D.D., Jo-
e*rh E. Bunrrss and Anna Maud Euchler,
both of Ban Franclfco.
DUXCAN-CARPF.NTER-In this city, Decem-
ber 11 1500. Edward H. Duncan and Marguer-
ite P. Carpenter.
dATES- PATKIEKJE— In this city. December
12. 1SO0. by the Rev. J. N. Beard. D.D.. as-
rlrted by the Rpv. E. McCllsh. D.D.. Elwln
i V. Oatf ? a^d Alice E Patridge. both of Han
Francisco. JBEHBHtiM|
STLUNMETZ— NOLAN— In Mission San Jose.
November 14. Htm, by the Rev. Father Mc-
" Naboe, Edward William Steinmetz and Alary
- Alice Nolan, both c-f Mission San Jose.
WEST— PATRIIX3E— In this city, December 12,
liOO. by the Rev. J. N. Beard. D.D.. assisted
by the Rev. E. McClleh. D.D., Ftordinand A.
¦V»>?t and Je&onette C. Patridge. both ot San
Francisco. :*
DIED. •
Ambmw, M«rj- J. Kaechele. Wchaei
An>rBon. CVeorge A. Leonl, John
Barber. Armand Lombard!. Herbert O.
Barry. Mary McCarthy, Daniel J.
Bioom. Jos»«ph MrClnekey Michael
UrtJ<5^r, Jo«"»Dh McGuire, George
Burke. Mareraret Merchant. Jennie A.
Cailaiiari. Frank W. Mero. Alexander
Coll, John Moynlhan, Laurence
Cranda.ll, Mary Q. Parker, Mary
Crocker. Benjamin R- Pa?queL Joaeph
Oockett. Eliza A. Rablln. William
Crosett. Eaizabeth D. Raymond. John P.
Cudworth. James "W. Reinhardt, Alfred
D'Arcy. Mary A. Robbtn*. John
Daray. Lou!» Roberts, Ben B.
David. Cai*. Oe*. W. Roberta. Capt. M. R-
Dufan. Eilzcbeti Schmuhl. Albln H.
Ferris, Joslali Schroth. M&rUia
Griffin. Warren Toohig. Dennis
Haller, Marie C. 'Walsh, Thoma* M.
Hawkins, Arthur I* Willlama. Sophia
Herroa. Baimh L. Wingerter. Milton W.
* Jacobs. Bertha
AMBROSE— In thi« city, December ,14, WOO,
Mary J., beloved wife of Edward Ambro**,
and mother of Florence, Arthur B., Harriet
J. and Isabel Ambrose, a native of Ban Fran-
cisco, aeed 46 years 10 months and 24 days.
£7Frletids and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
CFumJay). at 1:80 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence. 1012 Florida street, thence to 8t.'
Peter's Church for service* at 2 o'clock. In-
terment Holy Cross Cemetery.
ANDERSON — In Alameda, December It, 1900,
G^orte'A. Anderson (retired police otflcer cf
Ban Frandtco). a native of Sweden, aged 64
ream 4 month* and 10 days.
(C7PVl»-nd« and acquaintances are respect-
fully tnvfted to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), at 9 o'clock, from th* parlors of
Charles J. B. Metzler." CSS Washington etreet,
under the auiplces of th« Widows" and Or-
phans' Aid Association. Interment Odd Fel-
iowb' C^meterT-
BAR.BIER— In this city. December 10. 1900. Ar-
mand, husband of the late Katherlne Bar-
bler and father of Alfred. Howard and
Leorena Barbler and the late Mrs. H. F.
Em*rte, a native of X«w fork, aged 68 years
Z iconth* and S7 days.
C7"F*rien<]s and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend th« funeral to-morrow
• (Sunday), at 2 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence. 1170 Elits etreet. Interment private.
Please omit flowers.
BARRY— In this city. December IS. 1S00, Mary.
tw-Ioved wife of Matthew Barry, and mother
of Edward J., Walter A. and Anna M. Barry,
a native of Ireland.
ETThe funeral will take place this day
(Saturday), at 8:20 ©"clock, from her late resl-
flenc/ 1 . 14C3 Railroad avenue, corner of Six-
teenth avenue, thence to All Hallows' Church,
where a soltmn requiem mass will be 'cele-
brated for the mx»« of her soul, commenc-
lr«: at 10 o'clock. Interment Holy Cross
Cemetery.
ni»OM — In Hamburg. Germany, December 14.
r.«-. Joseph, husband of Rose Bloom, rather
r.f Mrs. David Mugdan and Benjamin Bloom,
and brother of Mrs. I. ll&fuch. Mrs. I. L.
Cohen and David and Jonas Bloom, aged 56
BRUDETR— Xn the City and Cbanty Hospital.
Deccrr.ber 14, 1900, Joseph Cruder, a native of
Aurtria. aged SI yc&ra.^£gEggM3K2a4P9EQtf
BURKE— In th1« city. D«-«nbcr 14. 1900. M"ar-
i arrt. beloved wife of the late John Burke.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
STATEMENT
OF THE >^
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
OF THE
CONNECTICUT MUTUAL
LIFE INSURANCE COMPANY
OP HARTFORD. IS THE STATE OP CON-
nectlcut. on the 31st day of December. A.
D. 1899, and for the year ending on that day.
made to the Insurance Commissioner of th«
State of California, pursuant to the raqulre-
mrnts of Section 613 of the Political Coda of
said State.
ASSETS.
Net value of Real Estate owned by
the Company .411,611,937 S9
Amount of Loans secured by Bond
and Mortgage on Real Estate.... «,13J,«57 44
Amount of L*ans secured by pledge
of Bonds. Stocks or other market-
able securities as collateral - 3.380 00
Premium notes and loans In any
form taken In payment of pre-
miums on policies now In force — 0,945 23
Cash market value of all Stocks and
Bonds owned by the Company 23.751.9?4 CS
Amount of Cash deposited in Banks S56.TT7 83
Interest due and accrued 9S3.777 as
Rents due and accrued....."......... 16, SOS 03
Net amount of premiums In process
of collection and of deferred pre-
miums *. 338.315 13
Total Asset) 464.5S3.033 &1
LIABILITIES. — — —
Claims for death losses and matured
endowments, due and unpaid $*4.9S5 JO
Claims for death losses and matured
endowments In process of adjust-
ment, or adjusted but not due.... 243.233 00
Claims resisted by the Company — 83,422 00
Net present value of all the out-
standing policies, computed ac-
cording to the Combined Experi-
ence Table* of Mortality, with
four per cen t Interest 55,S33.$53 00
Amount of all unpaid dividends to
policy holders 833.967 5™
All Qfher liabilities _ 2S3.1M 96
Total Liabilities 03
. INCOME. *
Cash received for premiums on new
¦ policies during- the year J38S.S71 13
Cash received for renewal of pre-
miums durln; the year 4,531,373 91
Cash received for sale of annuities. 12.!>12 30
Cash received for interest 2.828.27173
Cash received for rent*....... 862.773 55
Cash received from all other sources 8S.150 70
Total Income $3,007.757 31
EXPENTMTtTRES.
Cash paid for losses and matured
endowments $4,323,397 <n
Cash paid .W annuitants 954 S3
Cash paid for surrendered policies.. 533.667 S3
Cash paid for dividends to policy
holders -V 1,248.334 04
Commissions paid to agents S79.702 01
Salaries and other compensation of
officers and employes, except
agents and medical examiners.... US, 401 33
Salaries and traveling expenses of
'-.managers of agencies 23,968 43
Medical examiners' fees and salar-
ies • 23,310 21
Cash paid for taxes J33.73S 32
Cash paid for rents 8.J52 00
Caeh paid for commuting commis-
sions -• 333.513 03
Total Expenditures during th«
year $7,438,343 11
JACOB L, GREENE. President.
HERBERT H. WHITE, Secretary.
Subscribed and sworn to before me. this 24th.
day of February. 1300.
NATHAN' F. PECK. Notary Publia
A. K P.~HARMON,
DISTRICT SUPERINTENDENT,
Pacific Coast Agencies.
F. R. NOYES. General Agent,
. Rooms 30-31-32 MILLS BUILDING,
BAN FRANCISCO, CAl» t
• SAN FRANCISCO, Dec. 14. 1900.
The children of the late Charles J. B. Metz-
ler thankfully acknowledge having received
within sixty days after his death $2000 endow-
ment from American Eagle Lodge No. 2204,
Knights of Honor.
PARKER-In this , city. December ' 14, 1900.
Mary, beloved wife of George Parker, daugh-
ter of Patrick McGuire, and sister of Thomas
and Frank McQulre. a native of Ban Fran-
cisco, aged 24 years and 18 days.
IL^" Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), at 11 o'clock, from the funeral
parlors c£ the Pacific Undertakers. 777 Mis-
sion etrtet. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
?ASQUEL— In the City and County Hospital,
December 14, : 1900, - Joseph Pasquel, a native
of Chile, aged 61 years. ',
RABLIN-In this city, December 14. 1900. Wil-
liam, beloved husband of Lavlnla Rablta. a
native of Cornwall, England, aged 68 years 7
months and 6 days.
RAYMOND— At Van Slckels Island. Cal.. De-
cember 18, 1900. John P., beloved husband of
Sarah C. Raymond, and father of Fletcher,
William H., Elizabeth H., Beverly. J. P. Jr.
and Katherina M. Raymond, a native of New
Hampshire, ased 73 years.
E7"Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), at 1 o'clock, from the funeral par-
lors of Bunker & Lunt. 2666 Mission street,
between Twenty-second and Twenty- third,
Mirslon Masonic Temple. Interment Laurel
Hill Cemetery.
REINHARDT-In this city, December 13, 1900.
Alfred, Infant son of Alfred W. and Lizzie
Relnhardt. a native of San Francisco, aged 1
day.
ROBERTS— In this city. December 13. 1900. Ben
B., beloved hueband of May Roberts, and
brother of Jo6eph and John Roberts «of San
Joee, Cal.
ROBERTS— In this city, December 13. 1900. at
his residence, 804 Washington street. Captain
Martin R. Roberts, husband of Mary E. Rob-
erts, and father of Mrs. Henry K. Moore and
Martin R. Jr. and Theodore Roberts, a native
of England, aged 80 years 2 months and 10
days. (New York papers please copy.)
CyFrlendB and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), at 1:30 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, SHM Washington street, corner of Stock-
ton. Interment private In Laurel Hill Ceme-
tery. Please omit flowers.
ROBBINS— In this city. December 13. 1900, John
Robblns. a native of England, aged 80 years.
(CTRemalns at Metzler"s parlors, 636 Wash-
inston^treet. .
BCHMUHXr-In the City and County Hospital.
i December 14, 1900. Albln H. Schmuhi. a native
of Germany, aged 66 years.
SCHROTH— In this city, Martha, beloved wife
of Charles Schroth, and mother of Mrs. J. C.
B. Hebbard, Mrs. Byron Mauzy, Mrs. Her-
mann Young and John F.. William J.. Alice.
Florence and Charles A. Schroth. a native of
London, England, aged 62 years. T
TOOHIG— In this city, December 14, 1900, Den-
nis, beloved husband of Mary Toohlsr, and
father of Michael L., John F.. James A., Jo-
seph D., Valentine P.; Nellie, Hannah M..
Lizzie and Teresa Toohig, a native of County
Cork, Ireland, aged E2 years 2 months and 23
days.
WALSH— In this city. December 14. 1900,
Thomas M., beloved husband of Mary Walsh,
father of Thomas, Nora and John Walsh,
Mrs. J. Hurley and Mrs. K. Petty, and uncle
of Miss McDermott, a native of County Cork.
Ireland, aged 69 years and 4 months. A
member of Pacific Coast Marine Firemen's
Union.
C Notice of funeral hereafter.
WILLIAMS— In Oakland, December 13, 1900.
Sophia Williams, a native of Ireland, aged 84
years.
WINGERTER— In this city. December 14, 1900,
Milton Walter. ; beloved son of Herman and
Emma M. Wlngerter. a native of California,
aged 9 months.
C7"Funeral to-morrow (Sunday), at 2
o'clock, from the residence of his parents, 842
Alvarado street. Interment private. Cypress
Lawn Cemetery, by carriage.
and mother of Jamea F. Burke Mrs. Richard
Carfilff and the late Mr*. M. Halnque. Mrs.
L. Boudin and John Burke Jr.. a native of
"^UZ. et Oa^ar. Ireland, aged. 83 years.
»7 Friends and acquaintances ara respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), at W:30 o'clock, from her late resi-
aence. 9« Folsom street, between Fifth and
Sixth, thence to Bt. Patrick's Church for
services at 1 o'clock. Interment Mount Cal-
vary Cemetery. .
CALLAHAN— In this city. December 12. 1900.
Frank W.. beloved husband of Mary A. Cal-
lahan, and father of Mrs. Joeeph F. Hotter
«d : Sadie. Nellie. Hugh. Edna, Hazel and
W cbster Callahan, a native of Boston, Mass..
*«™.4T rears 9 months and 7 days.
, TT V 1 *."* 1 ! aaa acQUaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the fun#ral thls^day
(Saturday), at 8:30 o'clock, from his late feel-
dence. 1277 Folsom street, thence to St. Jo-
seph s Church, where a requiem mass will be
celebrated for the repose of his soul, com-
mencing at » o'clock. Interment Holy Cross
Cemetery.
COLL—In Baden, South Ban Francisco. Decem-
ber 11. 1900. John, beloved husband of Annie
Ooll. and father of William, Katie. Mary,
Ellen, Patrick. Daniel. James and John Coll.
a native of County Donegal. Ireland, aged 47
years.
CRANDALLr-In t*hls city. December 14, 1900,
at the residence of her dauKhter. Ida F.
Green. 2S10 Laguna street, Mary O. Crandall.
aeed t7 years.
CROCKER— In Sacramento, December 12, 1900,
Benjamin R. Crocker, aged 73 years.
C7" Funeral at Sacramento this day (Sat-
urday). at 2 o'clock. *
CROCKETT— In this city. December 13. 1900.
Ellia A., beloved wife of the late G. H. W.
Crockett, a native of Canada, aged 61 year*
and 6 months.
E7The funeral will take place this day
.(Saturday), at 9 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence. 242OA Bash street, thence to St. Dom-
inic's Church, corner of Stelner and Bush
streets, where a requiem mass will be cele-
brated for the repoee of her soul, commenc-
ing at »:«0 o'clock. Interment Holy Cross
Cemetery.
CROSETT— In this city, December IS. 1900.
Elisabeth Dorrance. beloved wife of the lat*
James L. Croaett. and mother of Mrs. Horace
D. Ranlett. James F. and Edward F. Crosett
and the late Mrs. Sarah E. Perry and A. A.
Crosett. a native of West Killineton, Conn.,
ased 76 years and 4 months. (Grass Valley
papers please copy.) *
£y Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral services
to-ntorrow (Sunday), at 1:33 o'clock, at the
Bethany Congregational Church. Bartlett i
street, between Twenty-fifth and Twenty-
sixth. Interment private.
CUDWORTH— In this city. December 14. 1900,
James Wallace. Infant son of Royal W. and
Blanche V. Cudworth, aged 3 days.
D'ARCY— In this city. December 13. 1900. Mary
Agnes, beloved wife of William H. d'Arcy,
daughter of Mrs. Elizabeth K. Fredricks. and
eiEter of George, Arthur K., William D. and
Elizabeth L. Fredricks and Mrs. John S.
Drew.
* E7 Funeral notloe In Sunday's papers. .
DARAY— In this city, December 14. 1900. Louis
Daray, beloved eon of Mrs. C Daray, and
brother of Mrs. Emma Larcher, Mrs. Marie
E. Ercst and Angele Daray, a native of New
Orleans, aged 39 years and 10 days.
DAVID— In this city, December 14, 1900, Captain
George W., beloved husband of Harriet F.
. David, a native of Maine, aged E5 years and
4 morths.
DUG AN— In this city. December IS, 1900, Eliza-
beth Dusan. beloved cousin of Mrs. M. Mc-
Carty and Charles, Gertie, Mamie and the
late Bridtet Claftey, a native of Athjone.
County Roscommon, Ireland, aged ,76 years.
(Bo6t«n, Mass.. papers please copy.)
IHT'Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Saturday), at 8:30 6'clock, from the residence
cf her cousin, Mrs. M. McCarty, 237 Clara
etreet, thence to St. Patrick's Church, where
a requiem high mass will be celebrated for
the repose of her soul, commencing at 9
o'clock. Interment Mount Calvary Cemetery.
FERRIS— In the City and County Hospital.
December 14. 1900, Joelah Ferris, a native of
Ensrlard. ased 45 years.
GRIFFIN— In this city. December 14. 1900, at
his residence, 3447 Nineteenth street. Warren,
beloved son of F. M. and Marsraret Griffin,
and brother of Dr. C F. and Lutle Griffin, a
native of Vallejo, Cal., aged 20 years 5
months and 9 days. (Vallejo papers please
copy.)
HALLERr-In this city. December 14. 1900,
Marie C. Haller. beloved mother of Mrs. Ada
C. Parker and Pauline W. and E. Louise
Haller, and grandmother of Lion H. Parker,
a native of Wurtemberg; Germany, aged 60
years 6 months and 18 days. 1; ¦ '.
ICyFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral Monday,
Deoember y 17. at 10 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 1S02 Lafruna street. Interment private.
HAWKINS— In this city. December 13. 1300. Ar-
thur L.. son of Olof and Caroline Hawkins,
and brother of Edlna C. and the late Edwin
C. Hawkins, a native of San Francisco, ag-ed
26 years 10 months and 2 days, v
ICTThe funeral will take place this day
(Saturday), at 1:30 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence. 3464 Seventeenth street. Interment Cy-
press Lawn Cemetery, by funeral car from
Eig-hteenth and " Guerrero streets at 2:30
o'clock.
NATIONAL Parlor No. 118. N. 8. G. W.— The
members are hereby notified to attend the fu-
neral of our brother. Arthur L. Hawkins,
from his late residence. 84S4 Seventeenth
etreet, this <lay (Saturday), at 1:30 o'clock.
WALTER V. DOURGHTY.
Recordins Secretary.
CALIFORNIA Council No 530. National Union
—The members are hereby notified to attend
the funeral of our friend, Arthur L.. Hawkins?,
from- his late residence, S464 Seventeenth
Etreet, this d»y (Saturday), at 1:30 o'clock.
F. SCHUMACHER, Rec. Sec
HERRON— In this city, December 14, 1900, at
her residence. 207 Gough street. Sarah L.,
belovetl wife of the late Thomas H. Herron.
and dearly beloved mother of Thomas H.
Herron and Mrs. Emma Shapter, a native of
County Galway, Ireland, aged 62 years.
JACOBS— In this city. December 14. 1900, Ber-
| tha Jacobs, beloved mother of Isador, Henry,
Sol, Julius. Max. Hattle and Kva Jacobs,
Mrs. Jules Frey, Mrs. Sol Rosendorn and Mrs.
Morris Levit, a native of Germany, aged 62
years 10 months and 24 days.
lOTFriends are respectfully Invited to at-
tend the funeral to-roorrow (Sunday), at 10:30
o'clock, from ner late residence. 1042 Golden
Gate avenue. Interment private. Please omit
flowers.
KAECHELB— In this city. December 14. 1900.
Michael Kaechele, dearly beloved husband or
Louise Kaechele, and father of Mrs. New-
houFe and Louis? and Freda Kaechele. a na-
tive of Grabenstetten, Wurtembergr, Germany,
aged 63 years 9 months and 15 days. A mem-
ber of Germanla. Lodge No. 116. I. O. O. F..
and California Stasun No. 70. U. O. R. M.
(E7F*riends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), at I o'clock, from Odd Fellows'
Hall, wher* services will be held under the
auspices of Germanla Lodge No. 116, I. O.
O. F. Cremation I. O. O. P. Cemetery.
Pleafe omit flowers. Remains at the funeral
parlors of H. F. Maasa, 917 Mission street.
LEONI— In this city, December 12. 1900. John,
beloved son of John B. and Julia Leonl. ami
brother of Angelo Leonl, a natix-e of San
Francisco, aged IS years 3 months and ll
days.
tyFripnds and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Saturday), at 9:S0 o'clock, from th« parlors
of 'the United Undertakers. 27 and 29 Fifth
street, thence to St. Francis Church for ser-
vices at 10 o'clock. Interment Holy Cross
Cemetery.
LOMBARDI— In this city. December 12, 1900,
Herbert Orin Lombard!, beloved son of Mr.
and Mrs. F. Lombardl. and brother of Mor-
gan, Ernst and Lottie Lombardl. a native of
gan Francisco, aged 9 months and 20 days.
tCTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Saturday), at 10 o'clock, from the residence
of his Barents. "IB Broadway. .
MCCARTHY— In this city, December 12. '1900, at
his residence^ 1139 Guerrero street, Daniel Jo-
eeph, beloved eon of Catherine C. and the late
Denis McCarthy, a native of San Francisco.
LEAGUE of the Cross Cadets — Members of the
First Realment, League of the Cross Cadets,
will assemble this day (Saturday), at 8:80
o'clock, at Twenty-fourth and Guerrero
streets. In full uniform, white gloves, belts
and sabres, to attend the funeral of our lats
comrade. Captain Daniel J. McCarthy, rest-
mental Inspector. By order of
B. J. POWER. Colonel Commanding-.
P. J. IIAGGERTT. Captain and Adjutant
McCLOSKBrr— In this city December 13. 1900.
Michael MoCloskey, a native ot Ireland, aged
71 years.
McGUIRS-In this city, December 14, 1900,
George McGuire, a native of Scotland, aged
C2 years.
(CT" Remains at MetzleT's parlors, 636 Waah-
ic=rton street. '. 1
MERCHANT— In this city, December 13. 1900.
Jennie A., beloved wife of John Merchant.
» and mother of Mary and Lawrence Figero,
a native of Livermore, Cal., aged 35 years 2
months and 23 days.
C7* Remains at the parlors of II. F. Buhr &
CO..1U7 Mission street, between Seventh, and
Eighth.
MERO— In this city. December 14, 1900, Alex-
ander Mero, father of John, James, George,
Marvin and Charles M*»ro and Mrs. F. Podd,
a native of Canada, aeed 82 years II months
and 8 days.
MOYNIHAN— In this city. December 13. 1900.
Laurence, beloved husband of Abble Moynl-
han. and father of Nora T.. Lizzie J... Hum-
phrey B. and Daniel J. Moynlhan. a native
of Ireland, aged 78 years and 6 months.
GTTd« funeral will take place to-morrow
(Sunday), at 8:39 o'clock, from hit late resi-
dence. 60J Fell street, thence to Sacred Heart
Church, where a requiem mass will be cele-
brated for the repose of his soul, commencing
at S o'clock. Interment Mount Calvary Ceme-
tery. - ...
HENRY J. GALLAGHER CO., ¦
(Successor to FUnnacan A Gallagher)
DANIEL P.- DONOVAN, MgT.
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALMER8,
to Fifth st., opposite Lincoln BcbooL
Telephone South 60. _ -
UNITED UNDERTAKERS, I
J7 and 28 Fifth st Tel. South 1(7. ,
I UNEHAL DIRECTORS AHD KKBALXER?!
Finest Equipment at Moderate Rates.
TO THE PUBLIC f
The Drivers' Cards of the Hackmen'a Union
will ' bo carried by every driver of the Unloa
on and after Monday, the 17th Inat
mi. Mclaughlin. President.b^en formed. . You can never tell In advance
what the vote will be— a most remarkable slate
of affairs. . - ¦ ¦
: The estimate on which the tax levy Is baaed
gives the amounts required In each department,
and It is reasonably certain that In the future
there will be no deficits, with unpaid salaries
and bills at the end of the fiscal year.
On the whole, the charter has Justified In
Mrs. Bertha Jacobs died in this . city
yesterday, surrounded by all her children.
Istdor. Henry, Sol, Max, Julius, Hattio
and Eva Jacobs, Mrs. J. D. Frey, Mrs.
Sol Hos?ndorn and Mrs. Morris Lent.
Mrs. Jacobs - was 63 years old. She ' camo
,to 8an Francisco rorty-flve years • ago
with' her ¦ husband, William Jacobs, ¦ who
was known prominently In the business
Ufa at tho city up to tha time of his
death sixteen years ago. Mrs. Jacobs has
been an invalid for nearly fifteen years.
The funeral will take place from 1042 Gold
en Qata avenue on- Sunday. The Inter
ment will be at Odd Fellows' Cemetery.
It wlU.be private.
Death of Mrs. Bertha Jacobs.
Bishop Hamilton met the members of
the Methodist church in the Richmond
district on Fourth avenue last evening.
Rov. Mr. t'Irich, the pastor, welcomed
him. Kro<1 Ki^h and Miss Eckman sail?
solos. Bishop Hamilton developed a plan
to benefit the church and also to pay up
the SvXW indebtedness of the University
of the Pacific. He had oictures of the
larjrest Methodist church structure in
America and also souvenir calen
dars to sell for the university and
promised that all the money paid for
thp*e by the Richmond Methodists should
be repaid whenever the church was ready
to buy a building lot. After the exercise^
refrp?hmonts were served and everybody
shook hands with the Bishop and his
wife.
"Welcome Their Bishop.
tion Reflect Great Credit on
Students and. Instructors.
The students of the Polytechnic High
School are at present holding a reception
to their friends to enable them to view the
exhibits they will show at the State
Teachers* Association convention which
takes place the latter part of the month.
On the upper floor of the school building
there are exhibits of drawing, poster de-
Kignn and wood carving. Two' of the most
attractive posters are a football . design
by Tinker and a floral decoration by Miss
Bohn. The clay modeling has aroused
deep Interest in the school and the girla
were busy all the afternoon showing the
visitors how the work is done. On the
lower floor classrooms . are devoted to
mechanical and electrical engineering. A
dynamo made by 8. Freudenberg received
much attention. The school at present has
110 boys and 55 girls.
Exhibits for State Teachers' Conven-
POLYTECHNIC SCHOOL
».: • HOLDS A RECEPTION
Decrees of divorce • were granted . yes
terday to May McHale from Martin. J.
McHale for cruelty, Bertha McCord from
W. A. McCord for neglect. Ella J. Cro
well from Charles E. Crowell for deser
tion and Grace Clark from Elmer Clark
for desertion. Suits for divorce were tiled
yesterday by Elizabeth Carothera against
Alexander Carothers for failure to pro
vide and Delia Blum against Joseph Blum
for cruelty.
In the Divorce Court.
Resolved. By the San Francisco Labor Coun
cil that we urre upon the local Immigration
and police officials that th*y Investigate the
alleratlons publicly made In thin connection,
end If these are found correct, that they extend
ta the parties In question, or such of them a«
may require it, the protection of the law in
•aecurlng- their freedom and the rlg-ht to abro
gate any contract for personal «ervices which
they may have entered into, irrespective of the
terms or conditions thereof.
Where**, TVe learn that a large number of
Porto Itlcans are now en route from their
homes to Hawaii us contract laborers, and
•whereas, it appears from ail available infor
mation that there persons nave been enraged
under false representations and are now being
held by force for shipment at San Francisco,
therefore be it
Labor Council to Investigate.
At a meeting of the Labor Council
last night the following resolution was
adopted:
The new charter wiped out ward line*, and a*
a result we have secured : the best Board of
Supervisors that San Francisco ' has ' ever had.
Although the new Board of Supervisors - has
been in nearly a year, no rings or cliques have
The Civil Service Commission ' has inau
gurated a system and has already, certified 669
employes to the city departments, where they
are proving entirely satisfactory. . These men
give us the best . service. The public is pro
tected and the employes are protected. They
cannot be removed except for cause and through
changes of administration a trained, staff;re
mains to carry on- the work. The stock in
trade of the political boss is gone— 1 1 mean tba
boss in a bad sense. " - '¦ ,.•;;_ ¦•.-„•¦•
- As to home rule — appointments have been
transferred from the Governor to the Mayor.
The Supreme Court is now- hearing the so
called county officers' case, by which those who
are unfriendly to ¦ the charter are seeking; its
defeat. ' . ,
The charter of Ban Francisco is now on its
trial. It Is hardly a year old. Our own cit
izens are not alone Interested In the outcome.
Its unique features have . attracted the atten
tion of students of municipal reform all - over
the country. W« were at the mercy of the
Legislature, and you know what the legisla
tors are. ¦ From San Francisco at any rate they
are rarely representative. We demanded hom«
rule, economical and efficient government and
civil service reform. These were the demands
made of the freeholders. - The question is, Haa
the new charter given us these three require
ments? . ..-.,•¦ -
Mayor Champions New Charter.
Mayor Phelan spoke at some length on
the "Practical working of the New
Charter of San Francisco." He said - in
part:
To article XII, the following clause to be
added: Providing for the election of honorary
members, who may participate in the proceed
ings of conventions but may not vote; also
making: officers of the league who have retired
from municipal office honorary members of the
league. *
These recommendations were approved
by the convention.
Joseph Hutchinson presented the report
of the committee on by-laws, by which
the following amendments were recom
mended:
Article X, relating to membership In the
league, to be amended by a new schedule of
annual dues, as follows: For cities of less than
1000 population, $10; more than 1000 and less
than 8000, $20; more than 3000 and less than 10.-
O00. $30; more than 10,000 and less than 30,000,
$40; more than 30,000 and lees than 150,000, $50;
more than 150,000, 160. '
At the afternoon . session a paper' 011
"Gas Lighting for City Streets," by C. E.
Jones, chief engineer of the San Francisco
Gas and Electric Company, was read by
Secretary Mason. • > -
By-Laws Amended. h
An instructive paper on the "Cost of
Producing Electric- Current in Municipal
Plants." by Profesror C. D. Marx of
Stanford University, was read by Profes
6or Guido Marx, brother of the author.
Councilman Towje-of Los Angeles spoke
briefly on corporation franchises. ...
The convention dtcided to recommend
an amendment to the statute providing
for the payment of fines and forfeitures
under city ordlnancez to the, City Treas
urer.
Partridge, San Jose; p. E. Bailey, Pasadena;
J. T. Tork, Napa.
Legislative Committee— E. K. Taylor. Ala
meda; A. Klncald, Redwood; Guy R. Kennedy.
Chlco; H. H. Pyre. Chico; A. E. Brock, Red
lands. _
Committee on Englneering-W. B. Clapp. Pas
adena; T. X. Badger. Emeryville: G. I-. Rich
ardson. Kreeno; D. Brownn>ld, . San Mateo; C.
_B. Moore, Santa Clara.
i- Legislation Discussed. k
The morning session was devoted main
ly to the discussion of proposed legisla
tion. The league voted it to be its sense
that the constitutional amendment ex
empting municipal bonds from taxation
should be resubmitted.
Mayor Harrison of Stockton read a let
ter from Judge W. A. Washington of the
Stockton Justice Court, In which the
writer referred to the effect of section'
1570 of the Penal Code under which all
fines and ' forfeitures collected by any
court, except police courts, must be ap
plied to the payment of the costs of the
case, any surplus going to. the county
treasury of the county in which the court
is held. This section has been upheld by
I the Supreme Court- Under tnls law Mr.
I Washington paid from January 3. 1899, to
December, 1. 1900, $2205 to the . County.
Treasurer and but $VW to the City Treas
urer, while the court cost the city during
that period $2200.
Joseph Hutchinson saifi that Palo Alto
helped to pay the Justice qf the Peace,
but the county not or.iy gathered the fees
but appointed the Justice, and Palo Alto
han to depend for the enforcement of its
anti-saloon ordinance, upon a Justice
chosen by the saloon element of Mayfleld
A jury in the United States Circuit
Court yesterday rendered a verdict In the
case of the United States of America vs.
the Spring Valley'Water Works, the Cali
fornia Safe Deposit and Trust Company,
the Union Trust Company of San Fran
cisco and D. Ogden Mills, finding the
value of a certain tract of land belonging
to the defendants at $900 per acre.
The tract Is in this county, between
Lake Merced and the ocean. On the west
erly boundary Is a high bluff, from which
a good view of the ocean, fax out at sea
may be had. The Government desires to
take possession of the bluff and the con
tiguous territory, the whole having, an
area of forty-three and ninety-five one
hundredths acres. The tract Is to be used
for fortifications as an additional defense
of ¦ the approaches to the harbor of San
Francisco. The owners of the tract de
manded $54,750 for the land and an addi
tional $17,500 for damage to a thlrteen
acre plat by reason of its separation from
the rest of the property.
The case was accordingly taken into
court and the Jury gave a verdict for $39,
555 for the 43.95-acre tract and $3900 dam
ages for the separation of the thirteen
acres, making a total of $43,455 which the
Government must pay for the land.
Price of the Bluff Near Lake Merced
Y;v Determined by a Federal
Jury.
LAND CONDEMNED FOR
DEFENSE OF THE CITY
C. N. Klrkbride of San Mateo presented
the report of the Judiciary committee. Mi
nor changes in the> proposed new bond act
were recommended; also in the amend
ment providing for special tax levies for
permanent improvements. The report was
adopted and referred to the legislative
committee with power to act. . -
A library building- act drafted by C. N.
Kirkbride was referred to the new judl
clary committee with instructions to re
port upon ft to the legislative committee
within two weeks.
The question of "Municipal Concerts"
caused some discussion. Joseph Spinney
of Fresno said that park concerts had
been paid for out of the city /treasury in
Fresno and no questions asked," though
it was admitted that such expenditure
was not legal. B. F. Lamborn, City Clerk
of Alameda, said that in the "model city"
concerts were once given for ajconalder
able period and charged to the account of
"parks, flowers and gardening."
Supervisor Charles Wesley Reed spoke
on "The Water Supply of San Francisco,"
advocating public ownership. Councilman
J. D. Miner of San Jose read an instruc
tive paper on "Street Cleaning by Hand
Labor.
Assemblyman Melick of Pasadena said
that oil was a failure unless applied by
some machine mixing It with ¦ the dust.
Otherwise rigs and harness were ruined
and horses came off the road looking as
If they had travelled through lye.
M. .L. Hanscom. City Clerk of Berkeley,
gave a talk on "Hints for Clerks."
Board of Trustees, gave that town's ex
perience In the use of crude oil on streets.
He claimed! that it had proved most satis
factory, being cheaper and better for lay
inR dust than water. Complaints from bi
cyclists and from other sources had sub
sided. :M.-- *¦;;:•/ .
THE third annual convention of the
League of California Municipal
ities completed Its labors yester
day afternoon. Both the day's
sessions were devoted to papers,
addresses and fruitful dtecussion. The
last business transacted "was the choice
of the place of the next convention, in
which contest Los Angeles won out
against San Francisco and Fresno.
It was decided just before adjournment
to suspend the by-laws and hold the next
convention early in January. 1902. Instead
cf in December, 1901.
Upon "nomination of Mayor Phelan
Joseph Hutchlnson, president of the ,
Board of Trustees of Palo Alto, was elect
ed by unanimous vote as president of the
league for the ensuing year. Mr. Hutch
iiiHon said in response to demands for a
speech that he undot stood the election to
be not out of compliment to him or to
Palo Alto, but the result of the victory
of the Stanford football team.
Other officers wert chosen as follows:
Mayor J. T. Parker of Santa Cruz, first
vice president; E. E. Canfleld of Chico,
second vice president; H. A.- Mason of
Santa Clara, secretary; Crocker-Wool
worth Bank, treasurer.
The nominating committee, consisting
of S. Oberdeener of Santa Clara. C. W.
Pinch of Riverside and J. D. Miner of
San Jose, reported the following nomina
tions of committees, which were ap
proved: V
Executive Committee — President. Joseph
Hutchlnson; secretary, H. A. Mason; James D.
Phelan. San Francisco; J. W. Keegari, Santa
Kosa; Ed Tedford. Santa Ana.
Judiciary Committee — C N. KlrkbrlJc. San
llatro; R. F. Kobertnon. I^os Gatos; H. L.
"As it has been held that tide lands
cannot be controlled by the State to the
detriment of the public welfare, as the
islands within the bay of an important
seaport are of great value to the public
and to the Government, and as it is ab
solutely necessary that the approach to
them must be unobstructed io make them
valuable, the court should hesitate to al
low the claim made by the defendant un
less supported by some clear statutory or
judicial authority, and In the absence of
either that Is satisfactory it must be and
is held that the lands surrounding these
islands were not within the denomination
of tide lands, and that the State had no
title thereto to convey."
The Dry Dock Company will take an
appeal. It has expended $300,000 in im
provements on Mission Rock and will not
give tnern up without recompense until
the courts of last resort shall have decid
ed against it.
"The question Is whether the State of
California had any right to what Is at
tempted to convey," says Judge Beatty.
"It cannot be doubted that tide lands be
come upon the demand of the State its
property. If any of the area surrounding
these rocks Is within the term 'tide lands?
it is evident from the testimony that but
a small portion thereof la. The State did
attempt to convey what under no theory
o? the law could be termed tide lands, but
which It conveyed as submerged lands.
If it could do so no reason exists why it
might not convey as submerged lands the
entire bottom or San Francisco Bay. If
the State can hold as tide lands the strip
around the islands which belongs to the
Government the Government would be ab
solutely excluded from its island posses
sions except by paying tribute to the 3tate
or its grantees.
Suit was brought by, the Government
several months ago in -the United States
Circuit Court against the California Dry
Dock Company to eject that corporation
from Mission Rock, the Government
claiming the rock as an island and there
fore Federal property, it being the pur
pose of the Government to .establish
thereon a coaling station. The case was
tried before Judge Eeatty sitting In the
United States Circuit Court in this city."
Judge Beatty in his opinion says that
on April 4. 1870, the California Legislature
authorised the sale of Alieston Rock to
H. B. Tichenor, and on July 11, 1872. Tich
enor received a patent from the State of
California for SW) feet square surround
ing the rocks, containing fourteen and
thirty-five one-hundredths acres exclusive
of the rocks.
An opinion was received yesterday by
United States Circuit Judge Morrow from
United Btatea District Judge Beatty of
Idaho declaring that Mission Rock in ,th«
bay of San Francisco belongs to the
United States Government.
Says State Has No Title Whatever
to Tide or Submerged Lands
Around Islands in
the Bay.
U. S. District Judge Beatty
Decides in Favor of
the Government.
COURT AWARDS
MISSION ROCK
TO UNCLE SAM
Paul Antoine, Vice Consul of France
and a member of the Bohemian Club,
shot himself in the right temple last night
in the room occupied by him In the Pearl
lodging-house, 571 Ellis street. The "ball
ranged directly across the forehead,
touching the br&in and producing a wound
that will probably prove fatal.
People in the immediate vicinity were
attracted by i);e sound of pistol shots,
and as they attempted to run up the
Ftairs they were mtt by a woman, vrho
asked that Dr. Chantrau of the French
Hospital be at once sent for. Officers Gar
diner and Jewells and a. man named Gold
ing, who resides in the vicinity,' found
Antolne sealed on the lounge, and the
¦woman, who had run upstair? before the
officers, kneeling at his feet. The woman
was crying hysterically:
"Par*, why did you do this?"
The room, which was a small one on the
top floor, was spattered with blood, and
the pistol with which the deed was done
was found lying about s:x feet away on
the floor. As saon as possible the wound
ed man was removed to the Receiving
Hospital, where I>rs. Putnam and Chan
trau found it necessary to trephine the
ckull, removing a piece of bone as large
es a dollar. Little hope was expresse-i as
to his recovery.
The woman, who ni also taken to the
hospital, was' very reticent, and although
pressed by every one present to tell her
story, steadfastly refused. Antoine's
friends called her Blanche, and later she
admitted that her name.
Mrs. A. Sirauss. who keeps the house
where the deed occurred, and the lodgers
ia the house also declined to give any in
formation regarding the couple. Mrs.
StraufP paid that she had frequently or
dered the woman away, but that she per
sisted in returning.
Golding, who was one of the first on the
ecene. pays he was standing about a block
iiwa> when he heard two shots nred. He
ran toward the Pearl and went upstairs.
"When I got there." continued Golding,
"Antotse was sitting on the lounge with
his hends supporting: hie head, round
¦which s. towel na*i been lied. The woman
was lying at his feet moaning and say
ing, *J didn't do it, papa." "YVfty did you
do it, papa?' She talked about another
woman, but her words ¦were incoherent."
Antoine's friends, -who called in num
bers at the hospital addressed the woman
as Blanche, but dechired. they did not
know her other name.
In one of the few moments that the
woman was calm she said that she had
been married to Antoine for about three
months, and that the license was on rec
ord, but fhe declined to state by whom
the ceremony was performed. She said
that she had known Antoine for about
three years, ond married him after secur
ing a divorce from a former husband
named Posen or Posener.
In order that a detailed statement might
be obtained from her phe was placed in.
the patrol wagon and sent to the Hall of
Justice. On the way down she created
quite a scene. At the City Hall she abso
lutely refused to answer anv questions.
and was locked up in the care of the mat
ron, and her name placed on the detinue
book until the result of the Injuries of An
toine Is known. He -will be removed to
the French Hospital this morning if his
condition will permit. The pistol was a
cheap revolver of the bulldog: pattern
and .28 caliber. Two chambers were dls
rharjred. but only one bul'.et entered.
Search will be made for the other bullet
to-day.
Claim* to Have Married Paul An
toixie, Who Tried to Kill Him
self, Some Three Months
Ago.
Woman Found in His Room
at the Time Is Held by
the Police.
VICE CONSUL OF
FRANCE SENDS A
BULLET IN HEAD
MUNICIPAL AFFAIRS UNDER DISCUSSION
BY REPRESENTATIVES IN CONVENTION
FROM CITIES THROUGHOUT THE STATE
every essential feature the expectations of "its
frlend9, even to the creation of enemies.
Following Mayor Phelan's address,.rep
resentatives of cities having-' freeholders'
charters were called upon for- short talks
upon the good and bad features of such
charters. Trustee J. C. Staats.of Berke
ley described the glory and beauty* of the
town that nestles among the hills until
Chairman Snow recalled him to the prosy
subject in hand; then he defended the
ward system' of choosing Councilmen.
San Jose's Cash Basis Device.
J. D. Miner of San Jose said that«the
charter. of the Garden city had one dis
tinctive feature— the cash basis. Five per
cent of the levy is set aside as a fund
not to be expended until it has reached a
sum sufficient to run the city live months.
The city is then to be declared to be on a
cash basis and this fund apportioned to
the several funds.
Joseph Hutchlnson asked Mayor Phelan
if any street improvement nad been ac
complished under the provisions of the
new charter. The Mayor said that there
had not: a great deal had been advertised,
but work had not been reached.
A. E. Brock, member of the Redlands
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, DECEMBER 15, 1900,
SOME OF THE PROMINENT MEN
PRESENT AT THE MUNICIPAL
LEAGUE CONVENTION.
14
every floor of this big new store is in holiday attire.
Eight shopping days are few enough for all the looking, planning
>and buying San Francisco has to do. We push holiday things to the
front. They fill the store and fall under useful, ornamental, practi-
cal or purely luxurious heads. They are invariably best at the:r
prices — and just as surely the newest known. The advantages of tni3
new store are particularly noticeable during the busy Chnstnns
shopping season. The large, roomy aisles, commodious elevators,
pur« air, abundant daylight, and the unsurpassed service make trading
most satisfactory here.
Xmas sale of toys for boys and girls.
With every purchase after 7 p. m. in toy department we include a
rooster cap free. ',' '
ix^f'Tkm.mm+ Children's pewter' tea sets — 16 .
Tz&^S Printing- pieces— each 50e
%££^ ' p r'e s s e a Upholstered swings for baby —
W£C2^**^ wi *h com- «^h V. . 35f
5S!%?r^ Diet* outfit. Improved game ot Kolt-cacn
OSc ...•••; ; ......91.49
< ~* r^— . -^^2r=- - Hales coasters — iron axles.
• steel wheels and brake — each
Soldier suits— worth $1.00 each : 92.OO'
— our price 69c Fine Kestner dolls— 23 inches
Red iron wagons— strong steel • *21"12
wheels— each . 05c Tncycle %vagons— each..93.7r>
n^He' • *••••;• Swing rocking horses— $\
inc^\igh- C ach g Chai "^ inches high-each 98.5O
n in. .." Dolls willow swings — 20
Doll buggies— reed body, hood inches high— each OSe
top, nicely upholstered and steel Parlor croquet— each ....08c
wheels and axles— each.. .93.45 Game of ring toss— each.. 49c
Xmas sale of underwear. Xmas sale of ladies' neckwear.
600 children's natural prav tj-» »»v • •«_
taped necks, pearl buttons and 3S e °j- S' ffon . KK and trimmed
elastic corereS seams-all Jizes? th Satm baby nbb ° n "~ ea «i'oo
to 15 years— perfect fitting and "'".",
very comfortable garments — now. Ladies' neckwear — exquisites
per suit BOc novelties < brought out especially
Xmas site of furnishings. \ tl " 5 season— each. .
Men's suspenders — holiday $1.50 to 95.00
n . OVe ! UC ?~ PCr P3ir 7 % 00 X " as * a " ef kld S' 0 ™'
' M'en'V neckweaV-ne\v' holiday a] "![ e > ", al , F u r t ench ct kid &***
colors and designs— each • 5O<» * 10^ e s m all fashionable colors—
. Men's black silk reefers— verv 1 e to fit and wear— excellent
stylish— each . . . ; . .' . 75c at ' P* r P air 91. CO
Xmas safe of handkerchiefs, i Ladies' real French kid oique
' Ladies' handkerchiefs with lace st ? edc K !ov «s in new pastel shade?
trimmed. embroidered. ' double ot mod e and gray — a very hand-
hemstitched and scalloped bor- some dress glove— per pafr
ders— put up;six in very beaut:- 91.50
fui; double shell shaped or moire Misses' glo^s in all stools
SS box hOlld * T <J ft^ CoIors T- er y strong m and dresi?-
per box : 91.50 per-pair 91.00
Xmas safe of perfumes and toilet goods.
Tappan's toilet Water— per bot- Fancy atomiz- >«-N»*
tlc ••• :....... 2:?c ers— each ...23c f \
Bottle of Colgate's perfumery , c "' s military aA*/
— in fancy box 33c nair brushes — sil- **&?
¦or c • ver counted 2>
rerfume for atomizers— per ebony backs 85c Q
ounce lOc Toilet soaps— IpS
SterlinR silver mounted solid delicately per- /{Vs.
ebony hair brushes— each... 5Oc "«ned— per., cake /AV\S,
Sterling . silver hat brushes- "bVessimV comts g^^^V
cach OSc — sterlinsr silver R'vt^T^)
Bottle of perfume in fancy box mounted — each .U\ ) ]J
, .2«5c . 35c ' J,^^
Market street, near Sixth, opp. Golden Gate ave.
.•William Benton ; Frltch and' Emmett B.
.Frttcb, , his , son, ; the two'!; counterfeiters
captured- Thursday, by -Secret' Service
Counterfeiters Held for Trial.
• Buy your Imported and domestic sliver
at Geo. R.. Moss & Co., 145 Stockton st •
. William Gelllat, a private In the Eight-
eenth Infantry, was cleaning his gun yes-
terday when. the weapon was discharged,
inflicting an Injury . that : may cause him
the loss of two fingers. He was taken
to the post hospital for treatment. ,
¦-. John W. Hall, Company E, Forty-sev-
enth Infantry, died; yesterday at the gen-
eral ¦ hospital.
Shot Through the Sand.
Watch glasses fitted free at Geo. R. Moes
& Co.; 145 Stockton, opp. City of Paris. •
Martin Kaechele, • a grocer, member of
the firm of .Kaechele & Roller, .southeast
corner of. Fulton and Octavia streets, ex-
pired suddenly at a quarter past 10 yes-
terday morning while delivering groceries
at the residence of Mayer May, 1315 Stei-
ner street Mr. Kaechele was In the
kitchen placing several packages of gro-
ceries ¦ upon the table when he ¦ suddenly
fell, face downward, on the table. Mr.
and Mrs. May laid him on the floor and
attempted to revive him, but he, had died
Instantly. Mr. Kaechele wu a native of
Germany, 66 • years old. :
Grocer Falls Dead.
For a Cold in the Head.
Laxative Bromo-Qulnlne Tablets. *
kl it IWixl mVAw uiiw
Extra Choice Kingan Hams,
per .lb....'. .: ..12 B c
Regular 16c.
TELEPHONE MAIL ORDERS
E. 372. I SOLICITED.
XMAS TREES OF ALL PRICES.
XMAS TREEORNAMENTS.
SLICED PINEAPPLES, per can....20e
2-lb tins. ¦
Regrular 25c.
FRENCH GLACE PRTJ1T, per Ib....45c
New goods, best quality.
Regular 63c per lb.
PATE DE FOIE GRA3. per tla. SOc
Full %-lb tins.
Regular 75c.
PEARS, delicious dessert fruit, per
2%-lb cans 20c
Regnlar 25c
MAL.T WHIBKT. largro bottl* 75c
Fleming's be«t.., .
_ Regular $l:p«r bottle.
SEEDED RAISINS, large size, per
package'...... lOc
1 pound : Muscatels.
Regular 15c.
SULTANA RAISINS, Imported 2Oc
. Clean i for hakims?.
Regrular 25c.
WHISKT. six years old, Kentucky,
per, gallon 83.OO
Regular 94.00.
SCOTCH AND IRISH WHISKT, 81. OO
Our own Importation.
Regular $1.25 bottle.
CALIFORNIA BRANDT, pint bot-
tle — BOc
Old and good flavor;: full pint.
Regular 75c
ENGLISH BREAKFAST AND
JAPAN TEA 4OC
* Good quality.
. , Regular BOc per lb.
ASK FOR OUR CATALOGUE.
BIBO, NEWMAN~& IKENBER6.
1447-49 POLK STREET.
Children's l^IO^^! Women's
fl fflPCOC ft^ \ mOaff JH. DL'S' . WtSt
111 CjSCj Made of heavy flan-
" 1212-1214 MARKET ST., jg^^trSSI
vp1ii» »? "K-Lnn H al« " dot8 or figures —
value l«|« 5^ B .t. *&& : W -'^11 ove^aMlI
.d&k Children's Coats.
I B^S^^^f^ A chance buy placed us in possession of something en-
WxrjnM$i&X> tlrel> ' n<?W ' n Ohllc1ren ' 8 Automobile Coats-come In
n^^L^^* Un> red an<1 blue ~ a11 slzes-these coats are worth
Jj^rt&ff&a K fSMWiis^' riKI ~ on * aIe to ' day at 9a.oo.
h /^^S Woolen Underwear Sale
/yflffiKffi'^ffi^^^ W ° men ' 8 Ve9t9 ' heRvy fl e«ce-llned-long sleeves— all
sizes — on cale at 49c. " • •
kSn*§*J^^%^^ All Wool Pink Vests; long sleeves; all slrea-on sale
Women's Scarlet, White or Gray \>«ts and Pants— all
• --•''''•^^nPff^^j/K wo «l -closing thU lot" out at fl.OO-rerular price
f § m*S Ijjf^ft^.'-''' Women's Onelta Union BulU: In gray or •era— on sale
«rl'""* Tr at 45c, ,7Oo and »6c.
(J&jft ¦ Bom * bI * «P«clali In holiday - Handkerchief*- to-day—
- ff we're selling a 2Sc lace handkerchief for 15o.
CORSETS, WOMEN'S WAISTS.
Th^se^orVeJ^or^i^t^SS v£g*&££&^* Bffi*
makes and styles. Including the newest " n ,^ th ">u^put-regular price *2.0fr-on
¦tralfrht front military style. Each pair l **¦•+*.
worth from 26c to 75c more. . Mncirnv cnrriiiP
WOMEN'S FLANNEL WRAPPERS, w "ySitRV SPECIALS.
Bretelles. collar and cuff, effectively »^"all "£ Kc^ou^ X nrlc. H0 ?l
trimmed :. waist lined; flounced or plain day -24c at _ fae-our price, .to-
skirts— sizes 32 to 44— regular prico »X.25— On sale to-day 500 pairs Women's Whlta
on sale to-day at »Oo. Foot Hoee ; double hert and f nxPai
Wrappers made of best quality ; Vicuna ished-faTt coW-12 1-2^^ a palr^
Flannel : elegantly trimmed; waist and worth 20c !„"¦ p*»r—
« I t'*'i°%ii lned ~ WOrth * 20 °-° n »a.le to-day ; Children's Cashmere Hose, all sizes; reg-
at lfl.45. gB^SSbfe: u1ar Pries S5c— to-day's price -24*.
$5.00 SILK WAISTS ON SALE TO- *™%%\^!^^^tiT}&
DAYF0R.$3 00. n . *^^.%Z*£&£jgg%&.::
The last time wo placed similar waists CIAL— and it's a good one. Come In differ-
on sale we could not supply the' demand. ¦ ent shades of gray all leneths— regular ¦'
Our factory has juBt turned in a new lot— price $3.25 — on sale at 91.00
we place them again on sale at 98.00.
HINTS 10 SHREWD 4**^1®fc
BUYERS. §§Mm
Dr. Oenton's Children's Knit Hygi- M \jnfomC\l:[fM
enic combination Sleeping Garment K \ wWr^M%
Made of fine -worstpd; covers the whole body; cuffs for I M| t. i^ VH^^H r~
th«> hand; moccasins for the fpet — recommended by I|H ' 'i"BB BB' i\II P'mBM
phyplctanc. (See picture). Sizes 0. 1 or 2, 5r>f. f/BBWWf . 'il\WBSL
Blzes 3, 4, 5, 6, 7. or larger, 5c each size extra. HBl a iJ^fllll ¦ fe" J?W
TO-DAY we are Belllnp our rppular tl.25 EIDERDOWN HJ'i V *i aftlfM l«-,fl|
DRESSING PACQUES at 85c. Thin sacque Is all ¦¦* I '¦ll'lliiTI ~" jfli .>EH
wool, has hand-crocheted edge; '. comes in all . colors. . I » \ (fstrtPmc j */%¥ } p-
Mall Orders Received. J*]l^lfi A ' >n * t i n Jjti£4 1
1212-1214 Market St., gfe >.,.«. -... v c^"- ¦/.;;;
Contract for Andover- Avenue Sewer.
The Board of Public "Works awarded the
contract for constructing the Andover-
avenue sewer to the City Street Improve-
ment Company for $8093. A private con-
tract was let to the same firm for pavini?
Baker street, between Golden Gate ave-
nue and McAllister street.
. Don't start on your Journey without putting
a bottle of Jesse Moore "AA" In your grip.
SPECIAL BARGAINS
SATURDAY. MONDAY and TUESDAY
Grannlated Beat Cano Sugar, 18 lbs. . .$1.00
Spreckels Reflnlr.g.
ARMOUR'S '49 BRAND HAMS, lb 12c
The Best Eastern. Regular H'ic
FINEST CREAMERY BUTTER, Sqnare. .45c
Fin© Butter Is our motto. Regular Ma.
CHOICE POINT REYES BUTTER, Square .35c
Regular 43c.
BEST CITY EGGS, Dozan 45c
Limit 4 do>. Regular 53c.
PETALUMA RANCH EGGS, Dozen 30c
Regular 35c.
SWEET CAKES, Fig-Bar Nic-Nacs, Ib. . 12k
Cocoanut Taffy. Lemons. Regular Me.
BEST SUGAR CORN, 3 Cans 25c
This Sugar Corn Is the Finest that ever
: came from La Porte, Iowa. Regular 15c.
IRISH and SCOTCH WHISKEY, Qt Bot. $1.00
Finest Imported. Regular $1 25.
LOVERS OF GOOD COFFEE, Ib 25o
Our Best Mocha and Java. Regular S3c.
HEARTS 1 CONTENT WHISKEY, Qt. Bot . $1.00
10-year-old, Pur©. Rich «.nd Mellow Rve or
Bourbon. Full Quart Guaranteed. Regu-
NEW'SSEAOTS TEAS, Ib 40c
4 . Kinds. Regular 73c.
PURE CAL OLIVE OIL, Qt. Bot. 75c
'Warranted. El Pearl Farm. RernTar SL
Pt. Bottle. *5c: regular We.
TABLE FRUITS, Extra Quality, 3 Cans. 50c
Peaches. Apricots. Pears, 'White Cberrtes.
Regular So.
MARTIN'S EASTERN CHEESE, Ib. 13c
Regular 25c IK
OLD GOVERNMENT WHISKEY 93c
Qt. BotU*. Regular fl 15.
J. H. FLICKINGER PRUNES, Ib 5c
Finest French Prunes. Regular 10b.
PORT AND SHERRY WINE, Bot 25c
5 Bottles n. Rerular 40c
BRQMANGEION DESSERT JELLY 10c
ReroUr 15a.
BEST SL'GAR PEAS, Petit Pois...^ We
Rerular 25o eaa.
C16ARS CUT-RENOWN, 7 fop,, 25c
, Gpxt by th» box at Wbolestl* Prices.
OUR COUNTRY CUSTOMERS
Can take advantag» ef thesa Speelal Sale*.
We ship Fre« of Charge with every Flv«
Dollars or more within 100 miles. Ask for
monthly price list— Free.
1348-1354 MARKET STREET
Opp. Seventh. Phone B. »1 Xo Branch Stores.
Tba "DANN" RECLINING CHA1B
A Handsome Christmas Jrt£dBg¥
E«sj and Comfortable. fjg&jt
Price $15. Come and see It.
VI; A. SCHROCK,
19 New Montgomery 8 troet.
DR.MPNULTY.
rpHiajTELL-K^OWjr AND RJCUABI-B OLD
rM2i tO T?* b i mln »* Weaknew. Impotence and ttelr <
allleiipisordera. Book on DiseMes ol Men, free. ¦ •
totloaXreeandsacredlycoafldenthaCaUorado^B
P. ROSCOE MeVCLTY, 31. D.
BO H Kenrny st, » aa Fra ncLsoo, CtL
Agent Hazen and Operators Moffitt and
Montgomery, were taken before United
States Commissioner Heacock yesterday
and waived examination. They were held
for trial and their ball was fixed at $4000
each. Old man Frltch will plead guilty
and says that his son was not connected
with him in the making of counterfeit ten-
dollar pieces, but Agent Hazen has abun-
dant and convincing evidence to prove
that- the son knew what his father was
doing and assisted him.
m Regina
I '"Christmas I
y 31fi3te' the home happy give
1 come member of the family a Re- |
¦ glna Music Box for Christmas. I
! Th« BeeTlna delights the children I
and entertains the old folks.
The Heplna is the most simple
of all music boxes, plays tunes by
the thousands, uses lnterchange-
' able steel tune sheets, comes In
elegT&ntly finished oak or mahog-
any; prices J10, $17. $20, $38, $45, &>
and upwards.
Visit the "Regina" room of
Sherman. Clay & Co. and hear the
delightful music, as played by
these wenderful music boxes.
Regina Music Boxes will be sold
on easy payments to persons f ur-
nishins responsible buelneE? refer-
ences.
Sherman, Clay & Co.,
Stein way Piano Sealers,
Oct. Kearny and Butter ets., S. P.
Cor. 18th and Broadway. Oakland.
1 51 Cor. Park and Washlnrton. Portland.
|| 711 Second avc. Seattle.