Continued on Second Page,
PEKING, Oct. . 23.— After the return of
the German expedition to the southward
yesterday a small Japanese force left
Huangtaun for Tslngyang, where the
Boxers are supposed to be congregating.
The Russians remaining In Peking are
two battalions of Infantry and a battery
ot artillery, Colonel Trotlakoff command-
Ing. They will hold the Summer Palace
and the Machiapo Railway terminus.
Japanese Go After Boxers.
British and French gunboats are pa
trolling the waterways. This had had a
salutory effect in preventing attacks on
the steamers.
HONGKONG, Oct. 3.— The whole delta
land between Canton and the West River
Is in a state of dangerous irritation In
consequence of the circulation of bogus
edicts telling of the defeat of the allies
and ' of the machinations of secret
societies.
Rioters .are marauding and plundering
vllliages, especially converts" houses. '
Special Cable to The Call and New York Her
ald. Copyright, 1900, by the Herald Pub
lishing Company.
Irritation.
Canton Delta in a State of Dangerous
STIRRED BY. BOGUS EDICTS.
;- Continued on Second Pap-
WASHINGTON. Oct. 3.— The Depart
ment of State has received a dispatch
from Consul General Goodnow at Shang
hai, dated August 25, from which It ap
pears that at the request • of the Consul
General,, the , Viceroys of Kangsun an.l
Szechuen have promised to do everything
In their power to have the following mis
sionaries, belonging to the Christian and
Missionary Alliance, safely escorted f rori
Minchou.^ln Kansuh, to Chengking:.Mar
tin Eckvall,. David P. Eckvall, Helen P.
Eckvall. R. H. Eckvall. W. Ruhl. C. F.
Snyder," W. W. Simpson, O. E. Simpson
and M.H.- Simpson.
To Escort Missionaries.
There are renewed . preparations for an
expedition In . force against Paotlng-Fu.
The troops will probably leave soon and
columns from Peking will co-operate wltn,
the expedition. Resistance Is expected, as
the Boxers are there In large numbers.
The movement of Indian troops will be
gin in ten days. The British and Germans
continue sending troops to Peking. .
General Chaff ee and the commander of
Russian troops have formally notified
FleldMarshal Count von Waldersee of the
withdrawal of the American and Russian
troops respectively- The United States
marines will proceed to Cavite.
TIENTSIN. Sept. 30, via Taku, Sept. 30.
and Shanghai, Oct. 3.— The American
forces will not participate in the Shan
halkwan expedition. The order sending
a detachment of United States 'marines
with the allied forces has be,en revoked.
The allies do not expect any opposition,
as they have been advised the authorities
of. Shanhaikwan have been instructed to
capitulate.
AMERICANS ARE WITHDRAWN.
They "Will Not Participate in the
. Shanhaikwan Expedition.
Prince Ching, with a view of facilitating
negotiations, had ordered the Governor of
Tsltsikar to cease hostilities. Subsequent
ly 1300 Chinese surrendered.
No further fighting in ' Manchuria Is
expected. ¦ * -.' ¦ ¦'•-'£•;>"
Genral Grcdekoff, commander of ¦ the
Amur government, reports that on Sep
tember 19 he received a telegram from
Prince Chlng through the Russian foreign
office showing that Prince Ching was
authorized to negotiate on behalf of
China with the powers. In co-operation
with Chancellor Chun Ceu.
According to the same advices Colonel
Artamanoff, while reconnoltering with
two squadrons of. cavalry, came in touch
with 14.CHV) disciplined Chinese. These
General Fleischer is expected to engage.
ST. • PETERSBURG, Oct. 3.— The Rus
sian general staff has received a dispatch
dealing with the operation? north of Old
Niuchwang, which says that General
Fleischer's division of 6000 men. with ar
tillery, engaged ' the Chinese on a vast
plain covered with high grass. The Rus
sians lost two officers killed and eighteen
men wounded.
Series of Engagements in Which
Russians Defeat Chinese!
FIGHTING IN MANCHTJRIA.
CALL. BUREAU. WELLINGTON
HOTEL, WASHINGTON. Oct.
3. — Further consideration- of the
proposition submitted by the Ger
man Government through Baron
von Sternburg, German Charge d'Affalres,
relative to the designation and punishment
of the responsible authors of the Chinese
outrage?, convinces the officials that they
open the way to a settlement of the entire
Chinese question. The officials do not
conceal the fact that they had feared tnat
Germany contemplated delaying the ad-
Jusiment of the entire question in the hope
of obtaining territorial reparation for the
murder of her Mln'ster and for injuries
sustained by her subjects, and that the
proposition to force the Chinese Govern
ment to surrender to* the allies those Chi
nese who would te designated by the Min
isters at Peking was In line with this par
pose. This apprehension has been largely
dissipated by the new suggestions which
have been advanced. They are in Hne to
a great degree with the views of this Gov
ernment, and it la expected that Secretary
Hay in his reply. will show the satisfac
tion felt by this Government at the change
they make in Germany's position.
It is understood to be the purpose of this
Government to take advantage of the re
newal of the concert .between the nations
to formulate a method of settlement of
the entire Chinese question, and this will
be discussed by the President and hi3
Cabinet when Mr. McKinley returns to
Washington., The adoption of a common
line of action by all the powers i3 be
lieved to be possible In view of Germany's
apparent desire to re-establish harmony.
In connection with the character of pun
ishment that the Chinese Government will
be required to Impose attention has been
directed In official circles to the reply of
the German Emperor to the communica
tion addressed to him by the Emperor of
China. The reply Is looked upon as a very
Important state' document. It shows that
the Emperor -himself proposes to be the
judge not only as to the sufficiency of pun
ishment but as to those who should be
punished for the outrages, and Is In ac
cord with the note he has addressed to
the powers to brin'g about a concurrent
action on these points. The Emperor fur
ther specifically indicates whom he re
gards as responsible, "but advisers of
your Majesty's throne and officials upon
whoso heads rest the blood of the crime
which nils all Christendom with horror
must." he says, "expiate their abominable
deed."
This Indicates clearly the exaction to
which the Imperial Government must sub
mit, and mayhave an Important effect In
stirring up those who are Implicated to
induce the Imperial' authorities to renew
their attitude of hostility to the demand
of the foreign powers.
Germany's New Plans as
to China Pave Way
for an Adjust njent
I by Powers. .
MAY CAUSE
SETTLEMENT
OF TROUBLE
NEBRASKA CITY. Nebr.. Oct. 3.—
In the Conservative of to-day J.
Sterling Morton replies to Bry
an's speech indorsing the action
of the Attorney General of Ne
braska in trying to close the starch fac
tory at this place. Mr. Morton among
other declarations says:,.
"Bryan assumes and asserts that the
starch factory is not controlled by the
people of Nebraska City. In this he de
liberately tells an untruth. The same
men who originated the starch factory
control it now. They never did— as assert
ed by Bryan — close down the factory and
throw helpless operatives out of employ
ment. From year to year they have en
larged the works and put more money
into Nebraska City. The men whom Bry
an has the effrontery to warn the people
cf Nebraska City against are the men
who with their friends built the starch
works and lost toO.000 during the early
years of starch making In Nebraska, but
who, without State aid or Interference,
put another $30,000 into a continuance of
the starch-making experiment and suc
cessfully established this Industry In Ne
braska. "When Colonel Bryan knows more
about the truth he will know that the
people' of Nebraska are not In fa
vor of the destruction of the com
pany operating the local factory.
The National Starch Company Is not
a trust as that term Is legally denned
by the Court of Appeals of the State of
New York In the case of the people of
New York, respondent, vs. the North Riv
er Sugar Refining Company. The action
brought against it . proves that. Bryan
and his Populist associates are inimical
to industrial plants which pay wages to
hundreds and work up millions of dollars'
worth of raw material each year. • It Is a
notice for capital to get out of Nebraska
and keep out. Disaster. is desired by Bry
an. He cannot live politically without ca
lamity. When God and nature have this
year made distress impossible by kindly
giving good crops, health and prosperity
to the people. Bryan and Smith propose
artificial calamity by legal process. It Is
essential to fusion success. For that suc
cess these two men would sacrifice capi
tal, labor, prosperity, wage earners and
Nebraska City Itself. They are twin dy
namos to general discontent, to paralyze
prosperity and shatter thrift. They are
mere phonographs of a political piracy In
the city of New York which has corrupted
and robbed that municipality for a gener
ation.
"The chief backer and cashier is Croker,
the plunderer, the blackleg and outcast.
And this brace of philanthropists have
the supreme audacity to appear in Ne
braska City as anointed prophets and pro"
J. Sterling Horton Styles
the Orator "a Mere
Phonograph of Po
litical Piracy."
SAYS BRYAN
TELLS WHAT
IS NOT TRUE
The' door of the express car was badly
shattered by the : explosion of dynamite.
The robber Inside the car was preparing
\ to blow open the safe' at the time his 99m-
COUNCIL. BLUFfS. Iowa. Oct. 3.—
Two men held up a passenger
train on the Burlington road,
three miles south of this city,
Charles Baxter shot and killed one of the
robbers, and his body now lies In the
Morgue in this city. He was about six
feet tall, powerfully built, apparently
about 45 years of age and has black hair
end mustache.
The two men boarded the train at Union
Pacific Transfer and climbed over the
tender just as the train was crossing the
Mosquito Creek bridge. Engineer Don
nelly and Frank Holman, fireman, who
were in. charge of the enjfine, were or
dered to 'slow up as soon as the train
had crossed the bridge. While the man
cfterward killed held a revolver on the en
gine .crew his companion went back and
cut off the baggage and mail cars, leav
ing the day coaches and sleepers standing
on the main line.
Acting under orders the engineer pulled
the .train half a mile down the track,
where a stop was made. Here the rob
bers approached the express car and or
dered Messenger Baxter to open the door.
He refused to do so. Under compulsion
Engineer Donnelly attached a stick of
dynamite to the side door of the car and
blew it 1 open. In the meantime Messen
ger "Baxter seized his gun and escaped
from the door on the opposite side of the
car. As soon as the door was opened one
of the robbers entered . the car, while his
companion marched the engineer and
fireman back to the engine.
Baxter crept around in front of the en
gine and, seeing the robber standing
guard over the engine crew, fired one shot,
killing him instantly. As soon as the shot
was heard, the robber in the car Jumped
to the ground and fled through a corn
field.
The dead man was picked up, placed on
board and the train backed into this city.
The body was searched, but nothing was
found en it by which it could be identi
fied. The dead robber was dressed , in a
neat salt of black clothes, over which
overalls and Jumper had been drawn. In
the pockets was found about $13 in money
and a watch and chain.'
Conductor ''William McGrew, who was
In charge of the train, thinks the dead
man is one George of St. Joseph.
The robber -who escaped was larger and
taller" than the dead' man, being appar
ently above six feet in height. Both men
were masked and both wore overalls and
jumpers. • *•: "i
Two Men Mold Up a Pas=
senger Train on the
Burlington Road and
One .Is Shot.
ROBBER IS
KILLED BY
MESSENGER
After putting on a new express car and
transferring the freight the train pro
ceeded to Kansas City.
parion was killed. He ceased operations
at once and no damage was done to the
contents of the car, nor was anything
taken.
"It is hardly worth while to deny the
charge of a man who hides behind a
woman v.hose name he will not give, but
in order that the most unscrupulous Ro
publican may have no reason for repeat
ing the charge I will say that It Is abso
lutely false In every particular. No
one ever offered, promised or gave me
that sum or any other for urging that
plank or any other plank in the Kansas
City platform or any other platform. I
do not know anything of Mr. KIngman,
but it is said that he is a cousin of Sen
ator Cullom, and I do know something of
Senator Cullom. The Senator ought to
know whether his cousin Is trustworthy
or not, and if the Senator will state over
his own signature that he believes what
his cousin says, and is willing . to repre
sent him -in- an Investigation of the
charge, I will make him a proposition
which will give him an opportunity' to
produce his evidence."
PORTAGE, Wis., Oct. 3.— Mr. Bryan'd
attention was to-day called to a state
ment made by a Mr. Kinsman, that he
received $150,000 for insisting upon the sil
ver plank of the Kansas City platform,
and said:
Bryan Denies That He Received
Money From Silver Men.
tectors and admonish the people of this
town to beware of citizens who for forty
years have been faithfully at work to
build up a prosperous and contented com
munity. These self-appointed guardians
of the economic and manufacturing wel
fare of Nebraska City ask you to vote for
them; to vote for the destruction of Ne
braska City; for desolation instead of
thrift; for silence and solitude where now
the hum of whirling wheels, the rattle of
machinery and the songs of contented in
dustry are a constant symphony. Be
tween these Journeymen exhorters for dis
content and disaster on the one hand and
the men and Interests who have estab
lished your best Industries choose ye."
DECLARES CHARGE FALSE.
A CONTINUOUS PERFORMANCE BY THE GREAT CROKER-BRY AN- ALTGELD-OLNEY COMBINATION
PERSONS ("WILLIAM TELL. . . .Mr. Er?an > DniT . m A7 , Trk T actvtittwdi tocJMw Schorz I BOOK AGENT,.Mr. Richard-cn j GE3SLER,t :e tyrant.UnchSam
nv twh JHIS SON Mr. Croker ! GROUND AND LOfrTY TUMBLbRb| Mf vCc ckran AX-MAN. . . . .'. Mr. Stevenson] Who kindly obliged the managd-
Ut 1 ti£.A GRAND TGO- nr LF?L ¦.¦--*»?. ;Fzbz\ BELATED OLD GENTLEMAN. .:... -Mr. Oiricy PITCHFORKER. Mr. Til«man | ireat.
DRAMA. [VILLAGE POET. .Mr. Garrison ! HIS GUIDE .Mr. Altgc'd GUIDZOUTOF AJOB.Mr. Hill ! Jams* K. Jcncs-Gensra! Manager
— From Harper's Weekly.
: . -m,^^:E..kz>vrooT>. s. r>.. pet. 3.—iebc
2 ¦ -r\. upon the arrival of the
I '¦' j Roosevelt special . train at Dead
'., B^ wood at ? o'clock to-night Gov
>\ :-.;:. ¦•'.¦ ernor Roosevelt and Senator Dc!
'•': Uytr were taken !n carriag-es through thf>
".;«treets -of Dead wood to the Dead wood
• 'Arrow ga'^e railroad, where the party
¦'entered a train and were taken. to Lead.
Hairing casp, where two speeches ¦were
.. 'tnade.' One was of some .length in Mia
...ers* Hall, to a packed house.' and the
•_';¦ Other a bripf talk -from the carriage to a
¦¦• ensch larger crowd which could not fain
-.l&^ttaoe.
.. :; ->Tfee demonstration !n Deadwood as thp
'.•¦.: e&Mages passed .through the streets was
\\ :• extraordinary. Men and women, mount
. '.'¦ ed- ar.'i en., foot, filled th«? streets or lined
.v-Vthi* sidewalks. ¦ The night was illumin
•' Ated "by electric lights, rockets, innumer
: :: able torches, by fireworks of all descrip
l '-tle&s and a"bove all the old features of
;. t&e ; demcnstratlc-n was the wild rash fcr
¦ .the carriage which conveyed the Gcv
.¦ •'• *mcr • end the others, and cries that
¦ rref-ted' his progress ctrrfr.g the Journey
-' . between stations. The crowd was the
:. most descrstrative and excited that has
: yet been ..met. on this long journey of
..-¦- apre thas M0Q miles.
Governor Roosevelt made & short speech
:. at. the opera-house In Dead wood, which
- coulfl sot held a; fraction cf the people
V'.wb« wished to get la. After the epeak
. lag Governor Roosevelt was presented
with a bridle by citizens of Sturgis. Meade
Ccusty, 3S9' strong, who had traveled
. fourteen mi!*s to attend the night meet
. Ing and to heer him speak.
i At II p. a. the train pulled cut for Val
• : er.tlr.e. Neb., and for Omaha, at which
latter <ritr a meeting will be held, after
which the Iowa State Republican Corn
tsittee will take charge cf the party for
; When Governor Roosevelt mounted the
platform at Chadron. where a twenty-
: minute stop was made- to allow him to
address the people who had assembled
.-:.. there. State Senatcr -J. H. Van Dusen
; Gf South Omaha • preyented him with a
¦ set cf spurs cf tjM cowboy type. In behalf
-.;' cf the Nebraska dielegratlon to the
¦National . Convention ¦• cf Republican
¦ : .V .I>air-e. .Club*.". .
Roosevelt responded briefly.
;.; .expressing. his thanks. H» said:
"Eefcre I begin my speech I want to do
; ..something that I have r,bt done in this
. campalgr. at all before now. ar.d that Is to
. answer one cf the lies circulated in refer
.Vrenee to- me. I have not hitherto thought
: it worth while.; but I have read a telegrarm
! VXrom jCaptain- Allen G. Fisher statir.g that
•"-the jPopullsts have convinced labor orgon
/¦totlons that Roosevelt said in the Au-
' .-rSitorlum a^ter the Pullman strike that
..• iafty rsaa wb->. engaged In strike cr any
Visas wfco goes on' a strike should be shot.'
" "Ciptain Fisher. -states that some credence
v.fcaa been given that statement, and I now
-V want to deny It. Tet it Is most irritating
to have to EtcD..to answer such a state
taert. fcr I should -suppose that any one
: cf common Intelligence should know that
'. ' : Z Jiave never made any such statement,
- aujd that I am incapable of making It. At
::i!*t time I never spoke 'in the Audito
i rlum. to begin with, and I never said any
:\;; thi=r : anywhere to any human being out
V:of- which. cc.uld be constructed any such
' *tate?ient. ; .It I* net only a Iie,""but It was
«;ad[e : \iz> *>T P*cple who knew it was a lie.
.t©.- be circulated by others who also knew
¦It. to fceV.a lie," ¦ " ¦"•
The Roose\-e:t:party arrived at Alliance,
*Ceb_, at l-~?r. where Governor Roosevelt
and United States Senator Dolliver made
speeches fronj," aplatform in the town.
Goveriror Roosevelt paid In part:
"Xb.w, J a.sk you stockmen . here, the
men who own cattle, to compare how they
were off four years ago .with how they are
.now off. J ask them to consider whether
if- It Is ruin now we had not better have a
lUtle more of it. \Ve have put a tariff on
•the .importation of Mexican cattle, and
.; <5u*". herds now are twice as numerous and
prices you : now get are very much
• larger, half as large again. Tou can get
¦\ money at a lower rate of interest now
• than you could then. All your products
:E.*>l..f-or much- more. . "You are better off
ftow than you were four years ago.
Every prophecy, that was made by our op
: -.jk»ne"rits.. has not be<»n justified by the re
'' :s>ilt." Kow you are asked to .trust -the
\-t4% party which made those promises,
one of which .came false. If you are
' v bearing with a man and he does not keep
y his- word the first time he fools you It Is
The Republican Candidate for Vice
President Also Checks a Little
Lie About Him.
TELLINx- SPEECHES MADE
Most Enthusiastic Crowds
Encountered in the Long
Journey.
Great Rush for Car
riage Which Conveys
the Governor.
Demonstration in
Illuminated
Streets.
DEADWOOD
WELCOMES
ROOSEVELT
MR. HEARST
IS ABSENT,
AS USUAL
Fails to Attend the
Convention of
Clubs.
Rally of the Democrats
Not the Success
Predicted/
Only Fifteen Hundred Dele
gates Are Registered at
Indianapolis. ¦ :
100,000 HAD BEEN EXPECTED
A Remarkabh Feature of the Gath
ering Is the Cavalier Treatments
of Governor McMiHin.
Democracy were displayed from frames
of electric bulbs. - -V
•At 8 o'clock a parade of all the Demo
cratic clubs .and delegates marched
through the streets, while thousands of
people lined the sidewalks and cheered to
the echo. The display of Democratic en
thusiasm was rendered more pretentioas
by the fireworks burned along the city
thoroughfares.
The city was entirely in the hands of^the
Democracy. The multiplicity of trans
parencies In the parade and vari
colored uniforms of the different Demo
cratic clubs added greatly to the spectac
ular splandor of the occasion.
The programme for the opening session
of the convention, as offlcially announced,
was changed just prior to the hour of
meeting. President W. R. Hearst was ex
pected to be present to preside, but tele
graphed that be was 111 and unable to at
tend. The convention was therefore called
to order by Senator James K. Jones.
Street Demonstration.
INDIANAPOLIS, Ind.. Oct. 3.— The city
of Indianapolis to-night presented a scene
of Democratic festivity. * From the vari
ous buildings In the business sector
American flags, streamers and beatings
were flung to the evening breeze. . and
portraits of distinguished leaders of th»
Mono tony of Convention Broken by
The convention 13 concedsJ by its pro
moters to be practically a ' failure, onli*
1500 delegates being registered up to the
present time, with the session half over.
Estimates of the attendance given out is
advance' of the. convention ranged from
1QO.0C4) to 30,000. starting at the higher
figures. To-night a parade was given,
made up largely of loci! democratic
clubs, and later another session of the
convention was held. Addresses to-nigh:
were made by James R. Sovereign. Cap
tain Patrick O'Farrell of Washington, ami
Sigmund Zeisler of Chicago. The meet-
Ing Is looked upon as a failure by alL
Bryan and Bourke Cockran are expected:
to-morrow. ; '¦' 7/,; •'• ¦ '_.
NIGHT PARADE OF CLTJB3.
A remarkable feature of this afternoon's
session and one which caused the leaders
considerable chagrin was that Governor
Benton McMlIlin of Tennessee. • w&o was
on the programme for ari address, suc
ceeding Mr. Lewis, was not jrfven an op
portunity to speak. No explanation for
thi3 cavalier treatment was vouchsaf oil
by the chairman. '.-..'..'¦¦'
The afternoon was riven over to: speech^
making, the first address being delivered
by "Golden Rule" Jones. Mayor of Toledo.
Ohio. Mayor Jones appealed for peace
and denounced war. He said at first that
he had no party. later that he is a Social
ist and ended up with a ¦ declaration, of
his Intention to vote for "William J. Bryan
in November. He was followed by Janes
Hamilton Lewis of the State of Wash
ington: Mr. Lewis stated at the outset
that he realized that he had been brought
here chiefly as an attraction on account
of the cartoons of his whiskers and his
ambitions for things which he did not get.
He quoted Scripture and related funny
stories with a laughable disregard of con
tinuity. One of his arguments wa«that
a man had Just as well deny that th«
Bible follows the cross as to deny that
the constitution follows the flag.: "f: '¦'_¦*>
INDIANAPOLIS Ird.. Oct. t— LSe ' tho.
play of "Ham'et" wi?h' the melancholy
Dane omitted the convention of Demo
cratic Clubs of. the United . States, came
to order here th!s afternoon without. the
inspiring presence of Its chairman and
chief promoter. _ William R. Hearst of New
York. Chlcnsro and <?an. Francisco. "Mr.
Hearst mu.*t have got wrr.ft d the Qi3
erable failure of his efforts to. Induce a
crowd to ccrne to Indianapolis, for h» nof
only failed to come but pave no. reason
for such a failure. The only explanation
of Mr. Hearst'-*: extraordinary absence
was attempted by Senator: James K.
Jones, chairman of the . Democratic , Na
tional Committee, who said ¦ that Jlr.
Hearst had been unavoidably; detained
from this meeting. The convention was
called to order by Senator Jones, who i:V
a brief address turned the directlan of the
body over to the temporary : officers
chosen: Chairman. Thomas Tagjrart.
Mayor of Indianapolis: secretary;. Max
Ihmsen, "Washington correspondent of the
New York Journal; sergeant at ana*.
Myron D. King, a well-known local Dexo
cratlc politician. : .
S-peclal tHaratch t.-> The Call.
THE NEW "WILLIAM TELL."
The San Francisco Call.
PRICE FIVE CEXTS.
VOLtTME LXXXYm-yp. 126.
SAX FRANCISCO, THURSDAY, OCTOBER 4, 1900.BRADFOBD MAY SECURE
WIRELESS TELEGRAPHY
For Revision of Confession.-
ST. PAUL, Minn.. Oct. 3.— The St. Paul
Presbytery has voted for a revision of the
Westminster confession of faith.
Secretary Root will recommend the
necessary legislation in- his forthcoming
annual report, but it is not believed It will
be effective, as there is considerable op
position to giving General Shafter promo
tion. In any event, under the law Gen
eral Shafter's commission as major gen
eral of volunteers will expire in June next
and it is not believed that he will suffer
any hardship should he be relieved from
the command of the Department of Cali
fornia in the meantime. General Otis will
probably prefer California to Chicago, as
much of his life has been spent in the
West.
General Shafter Is now serving as com
mander of the Department of California
under his volunteer commission. He
reached the retiring age In October last,
but in view of his record during the Span
ish war the President determined to re
ward him by keeping him on the active
list as major general of volunteers at
least until Congress could have an oppor
tunity to promote him to the grade of
major general on the retired list. Con
gress had the opportunity last winter, but
failed to take advantage of it.
CALL BUREAU, WELLINGTON
HOTEL. WASHINGTON. Oct. 3.— It
would not be surprising to well-informed
officials should Major' General William R.
Shalter be relieved from duty as com
manding officer of the Department of
California after the November elections.
General Otis is regarded as his probable
successor. General Otis had been selected
for duty in command of the Department
of the Lakes, but there are only a few
companies of troops in this department
and the command is not In. keeping with
his rank and services.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
General Otis Named as
His Probable Suc
cessor.
SHAFTER MAY
BE RELIEVED
his fault, the second time he fools you it's
your own fault."
The train stopped at Crawford lonp
enough for Governor Roosevelt to show
himself on a platform In the middle of the
town. This is essentially a cattle-crowing
country. Governor Roosevelt said:
Out here where you raise cattle not
only the amount of cattle but the value
of them have increased anywhere from
40 to 60 per cent. Now, under our free
government it is our inalienable right to
make fools of ourselves if we wish, and
if you want to go back: to the old condi
tions that is your right, you can j?o. You
can go right back into the slough out of
which we worked our way four years ago
by putting into power the party which for
forty years has never done any construc
tive work, but has always criticized and
has generally criticized wrong."
The train made a short stop at Hyannis,
w pere Governor Roosevelt said in part:
Mr. Towne has been appealing to our
people against keeping the Philippines on
the ground that they have under the Sul
tan of Sum polygamy and slavery. Now.
how will it be stopped if we go away' If
Tif , wlt , hdraw our flasr that merely means
that slavery and polygamy become per
petual there. To put a stop to slavery in
this country we did not withdraw the flag
jr om i ne sIaves : on the contrary, we kept
Mlf * , s , ther , e unt11 slavery vanished.
That is also the way to handle the ques
tion in the Philippines. We should stav
there and keep the flacr there, and slavery
and polygamy will ultimately disappear,
lake the flag away and you render these
evils permanent, and a host of others like
thern permanent in the Island. You can
not do everything at once, but it will be
done in time if only we stay in the Philip
«& A) es , te^ da , y J was asked a Question
about Alaska? In Alaska we have merely
been establishing a modus vldendi to in
sure the rule of law and the punishment
of offenders until the line which is in dis
nu , te has been run, exactly as anv two
neighbors would come to a temporarv
agreement if there was any doubt about
a. line between them until that line could
be definitely settled. You may rest as
sured that no American territory will be
given up to any power."
CINCINNATI., Oct. ; 3.— The Prohibition
special this afternoon made the run from
Dayton without stops, arriving in Cin
cinnati at 4:30 o'clock. An evening rally
was held- in the Central Christian Church
on Ninth street, 2000 Dersons being in at
tendance.' Before leaving 1 -Dayton at 3
o'clock: Cushing, ¦Woollev and ¦• Stewart
addressed a crowd of 1000 in. front -of the
courthouse. To-morrow the special will
enter Kentucky." * -
Prohibitionist Rally.
ATLANTA, Ga.. Oct. 3.— Reports from
all . parts of the State to-night indicate
that the Democratic majority in to-day's
election for State offices, members of the
General Assembly and local county office*
will be about 60,000. There being practi
cally no opposition to the Democrats the
vote was light. The Democratic State
ticket elected 1»:
Governor, Allan D. Chandler; Secretary
of State, Phil Cook; Attorney General, J.
M. . Terrell; Comptroller General, W. A.
Wright; Treasurer, F. D. Park; Commis
sioner, of Education,. G. R. Glenn ;„" Com
missioner of Agriculture. O. B. Stevens.
Seventh * District, Nicholas Muller. re
nominated; Eighth. T. J. Cramer; Ninth,
Henry M. Goldfogle; Tenth, Amos J.
Cummlngs, renamlnated; Eleventh, Wil
liam Sulzer, renomlnated; Twelfth, George
B. McClellan, renominated; Thirteenth,
O. H. P. Belroont, to succeed Jefferson M.
Levy; Fourteenth, John Sprunthlll. to suc
ceed William Astor Chanler; Fifteenth,
Jacob Ruppert Jr., renomlnated.
VERY LIGHT VOTE IN GEORGIA.
NEW YORK. Oct. 3.— Nominations for
Congress were made to-night by the
Democrats in all the districts in New
York County. These are the Seventh,
Eighth, Ninth, Tenth. Eleventh, Twelfth.
Thirteenth. Fourteenth and Fifteenth. The
results are:
York Strfte.
Ticket Named by Democrats in New
CANDIDATES FOB CONGBESS.
M. H. de Young of San Francisco,
of the United States Commissioners
to the Paris Exposition, stopped over in
Canton to-day. He came to make a for
mal report to the President and to ar
range for a reception to the whole board.
This reception will be held in Washington
soon after election.
Mr. de Young left during the afternoon
for his home In San Francisco, where he
will take part in the campaign. He ex
pressed himself as heartily in favor of
not only retaining the Philippines and
other possessions coming to the United
States as the result of the war with
Spain but of making them self-governing
territories as rapidly as possible with free
Interchange of products.
"We need them," he said, "for we must
have an outlet for our surplus products.
They give us natural advantages that it
would be worse than fo!ly to reject. They
give us what the Old World is constantly,
exerting itself to secure— a basis for large
and profitable trade in the Orient."
No date has been fixed for a return to
Washington. Governor Roosevelt is com
ing to Canton on the morning of October
18 for a thirty-minute stay. In that time
he will make a speech from the McKin
ley porch while his train is being trans
ferred from one railroad to another.
CANTON, Ohio, Oct. 3.— President Me-
Kinley is making the most of the delight
ful Indian summer weather. He goes out
driving 'every day with Mrs. McKinley.
Besides the drives the President the past
few days has been doing a great deal of
walking, his favotite exercise. He walks
out along the streets near his home and
occasionally downtown.
Return to Washington.
No Date Has Yet Been Fixed for His
McKINLEY BESTING AT CANTON.
HAZLETON. Pa., Oct. 3.— President
Mitchell was informed of the circulation
of a story to the effect that he hail
reached an agreement witn the presidents
of the coal mining and coal carrying rail
roads. After verbally denying the report
he issued the following:
To the mine-workers of the anthracite re
gion: We have; Just been informed that the
report has been circulated at Ashland 'to the
effect that In a conference in New York this
morningr between the conl presidents and myself
an agreement was reached which will end the
»-trike. I desire to notify all mine-workers that
the report is incorrect, and that 1 have not been
in conference with the presidents of the coal
companies and have made no agreement with
them. I wish to reiterate what I aalcl several
dnys ago, that there would be no settlement of
the strike until a convention of the anthracite
miners, is held. You are further requested to
pay no attention to statements of this kind
and to continue the strike until such conces
sions are made by the operators as will Justify
us in calling; a general convention, when you
will be regularly notified of the date and place
at which the convention will be held.
The time limit of the Lackawanna
Company's offer of increased wages will
expire to-morrow, but the strikers gener
ally express their determination to pay
no attention to the offer.
A secret conference of the leading offi
cials of the miners' organization was
held at Hazleton. At its conclusion Presi
dent Mitchell said the question of call
ing a joint convention had not been con
sidered. He added that out of 142,000 mine
workers only about 5000 are at work and
these, he said, would be out in a short
time. .
; • that in addition to its offer of 10
per cent it was willing to enter into ar
bitration, with them relative to any griev
ances they may have. None of the strik
ers, however, has yet indicated an inten
tion to return to work. Affairs were ex
tremely quiet to-day throughout the an
thracite region. ' General Gobin. in com
mand of the State troops, recently sent
to Schuylkill County on request from the
Sheriff, to-day directed another of the
regiments to return home to-morrow.
One regiment left on Monday. There re
mains but one . regiment, a battery of
artillery and a company of mounted
troops.
¦ . • »
PHILADELPHIA, Oct. 3.— An in
teresting feature in the miners"
strike to-day was the Reading
Company's notice to its employes
Additional Concession by
the .Reading Company
Pails' to End the
Strake.
ARBITRATION
OFFERED TO
THE MINERS
To Cure a Cold in One Day
Take Laxative Bromo Quinine . Tablets. Ail
drjfrKlsts refund the money if It falls to cure.
E. W. Grove's signature la on each box. 25c. •
VIENNA. Oct. 3.— The Admiralty has
received the following dispatch . from
Taku:
"In accordance with the request of
Count von Waldersee the seizure of Shan
Hal Kwan was decided upon by a council
of the admirals September 29. and all was
prepared for action. English ships were
sent to demand its surrender, and the
Chinese vacated the .place. The British
then hoisted their flag, and the other flag
ships thereon went - thither and put up
their respective flags on the forts.''
Started at Short Notice.
WEI HAI WEI, Province of Shan Tung
Monday. Oct. 3.— The British first-class
cruiser Terrible and the British second
class cruiser Arethusa, with the trans
ports having on board the Third Brigade
of Indian troops, started for Taku at
short notice. \* ¦•'¦'.
SEIZURE OF SHAN HAI KWAN.
Jewelry Bearing the Initials of Miss
Jane Corrigan Found on Charles
Sammels.
PITTSBURG. Oct. 3.-Charles B. Sam
mels, a Russian sailor, suspected of rob
bing the dead body of Miss Jane Corri
gan of Cleveland of $10,000 worth of low
elry. was arrested here to-day and will
be taken back to Cleveland for trial Sev
eral months ago Miss Corrigan was
drowned in Lake Erie by the wrecking
or her father's yacht.
When the wreck was raised and the
body recovered the jewelry was missing
Sammels. who found the body, was sus
pected, but he disappeared. To-day he
was discovered by officials of this city
In his pocket were found a pair of gold
cuff buttons marked "J. C.," the dead
girl's initials.
SAILOR SUSPECTED OF
BOBBING A BODY
Representative of Arbuckle's Says
They Are Prooably Due to
Shortage of Raw Material.
Social Dispatch to The Call.
NEW YORK, Oct. 3.— To-day there
wore two sharp reductions In the pric?
of refined sugar amounting in the aggre
gate to 40 f)oints, or 40 cents a hundred
pounds.
The price for the standard grade of re
fined sugar is now E.75 cents, against 6.15
cents a pound, previous list price. Cuts
were made by both the National Sugar
Refining Company and the Arbuckles and
all concessions on quantity lots were
withdrawn, and representative men In the
trace remarked that it was doubtful if
refined sugar could be sold at any price,
in consequence of the disturbance.
An explanation of the remarkable cuts
v.-as made by one representative of the
Arbuckles. who said: "It would not sur
prise us if the entire demonstration over
the reduction in price was the result of
the sugar trust being short of raw sugar
and that !t started the reduction for the
purpose of stopping the business in re
fined sugar awaiting the arrival of it*
supply of the raw article.
"The first cut was made by the sugar
trust and amounted to fifteen cents open
ly and five cents secretly, so that when
we put our price at 5.95 we were only fol
lowing the trust's secret out. This had
the effect of demoralizing the trade abso
lutely and it is doubtful if sugar can be
sold at any price at the present time "
Mr. Havemeyer of the sugar trust could
not be found at his office to-day, and no
explanation of the cuts were obtainable
from that office.
James H. Post, president of the Nation
al company, when asked if the cuts in
dicated a resumption of the sugar war
said rjo, and added that there was no war'
SHARP REDUCTIONS
IN PRICE OF SUGAR
SAN JUAN DE PORTO RICO, Oct. 3.-
At the Republican Convention held here
last night Fr^derico Degetau was nomi
nated for; Congress. "¦ The - Federals .will
probably nominate Julio Larringa for the
same office at a convention to be held to-
Nominations at San Juan.
Let me call your attention to the , fact that
the chairman of the Republican Committee on
Military Affairs, a Republican member of Con
gress, the man who had charge of the bill
raising the army .to 100,000, i« .the president
of the - Philippine Lumber and Development
Company, that- has already valuable lumber
lands in the Philippine Islands, and - in its
prospectus says that the labor . question . there
in easily solved because there. is Chinese labor
there and it can be had for from 50 to IS cents
a day. Mexican money. ¦
Republicans, show me a document ever penned
by a modern Republican that will compare with
the Declaration of Independence. Show me
a speech made by a Republican of to-day that
will have the influence of the Declaration of
Independence. That Declaration of Independ
ence has been read all over the world. In
South Dakota I met . Governor Lee, a Nor
wegian by birth, who away off in distant Nor
way had read the Declaration t>t Independence
tnd It had drawn him here, and he is now
a Governor of a great State. • In Minnesota I
mot Governor Llnd, who read the Declaration
of Independence in Sweden and • it drew him
to the United States, and he is now Governor
of a cre&t State. Away oft in Germany Bom
rich read it. It drew him here, and It la my
earnest hope that he may become Governor of
this State. Republicans, have you any docu
ments that ars drawing people?
At Watertown Mr. Bryan spoke in the
Turner Opera-house because of the in
clemency of the weather. The building
was packed and the audience was very
enthusiastic. He said that at the begin
ning of its history the Republican party
had confessed to be a follower of Jeffer
son. Now Jefferson's name was never
mentioned, but Alexander Hamilton had
become their great exemplar. Hamilton
had taught that society was divided into
two classes, the well born and the lowly,
born and that the well born were entitled
to govern the lowly born. It was un
necessary, Bryan said, to state that Ham
ilton considered himself well born. Men
who taught that doctrine always classed
themselves with what they considered the
better class. This was the dominating
thought of the Republican party of the
present day. and therefore Jefferson's
doctrine of the equality of men was no
longer promulgated by 'the members of
that party.
Bryan chided the Republicans for fall
ing to mention the Declaration of Inde
pendence in their, Philadelphia platform.
He said in this connection:
Mr. Bryan said to-night that he would
give the Sth and 9th of this month to
Illinois^ the 10th and 11th to Michigan,
and the 12th, 13th and 15th to Ohio. He
will go direct from Cleveland to New
York, reaching that city at 3 o'clock in
the afternoon before he is to speak in
Madison-square Garden.
The meeting at Columbus was held on
the vacant ground at the east side of the
tow-n from the railroad station. A large
number of people had assembled there,
but many of them were freightened away
by the showers of rain'durlng the speech
making. Mr. Bryan discussed the issues
of the campaign, declaring that no man
had the right to own and govern another.
"If there are any Irishmen here," he said,
"I want to ask them how long it will take
Ireland to become reconciled to foreign
domination, even with only a narrow
channel of the sea between Ireland and
the land of her governess."
The lesson he drew was that if. the peo
ple of Ireland found it hard to reconcile
themselves to English government It must
be quite as difficult for the Filipinos, so
much farther away, to accept our domi
nation.
WAUKESHA. Vis.. Oct. 3.— Bryan had
a comparatively easy day to-day. He
made less than half a dozen speeches and
traveled by easy stages from Portage City
to this place, speaking only at Portage,
Columbus, Watertown. Oconomowoc and
Waukesha. Rain tell during the greater
part of the day. This circumstance had
the effect of reducing the crowds some
what, but at most of these places there
were as many people as could well hear
all that was said.
of the Campaign.
Addresses Large Audience on Issue3
BRYAN SPEAKS IN WISCONSIN.
At this juncture Adlai E. Stevenson was
escorted into the hall by a band, and his
appearance sent the convention into a
pandemonium of applause. The demon
stration continued for some time after
Mr. Stevenson had taken his seat on the
rostrum. He had not intended to speak,
but finally yielded to the clamor and said:
"My fellow Democrats, I thank you for
this cordial greeting. I would not under
take now to iiddress you, but at a later
lime, in accordance with the programme.
I may have the pleasure to address some
remarks to mv fellow Democrats of the
United States. < Applause.) I can only s ay
to you new that I bring you words of
great cheer from the great Democratic
State of Illinois." (Great Applause.)
Th^ next speaker was Mayor Samuel
M. Jones of Toledo.
At the conclusion of Mayor Jones ad
dress James Hamilton Lewis of the State
of Washington was introduced as the last
speaker of the afternoon.
The convention at 5 o'clock took a re
cess until after the parade at night.
The parade tnded at 9:30 o"clock. and
Tomlinson Hall was thronged with those
who had participated in the jollification.
The metting Was called to order by Sena
tor James K. Jones, who introduced Cap
tain Patrick O'Farrell of Washington,
D C. Captain 0'Farr.oll denounced the
war in the Philippines and condemned a
standing army.
» He was followed by Slgmund Zelsler of
Chicago, who s-poke against imperialism.
Owing to the lateness of the hour the
speech of Jam?s R. Sovereign was defer
red until to-morrow, and at 10:50 o'clock
the convention adjourned until 9 o'clock
to-morrow morning.
chairman of the Democratic National
Committee. Mayor Taggart made an ad
dress of welcome.
Senator Jones, who represented the con
vention, said: . ,
"During the last two or three weeks
clubs have been organized and have been
reported to headquarters at the rate of
over 500 a day. until there are now, by
actual count. 7343 Democratic clubs, with
an average membership of more than 200.
already organized in the States oi trus
Union. With an organization of this kind,
consisting of more than 2,000,000 of mem
bers thoroughly organized and thoroughly
awake to the necessities of the situation,
at work in their localities there can be no
reasonable doubt of the result on the 6th
of November next." (Applause/* .
Thomas Taggert was elected temporary
chairman.
Continued From First Page.
MR. HEARST IS ABSENT, AS USUAL
and wife; Mr. Heynan, wife and thre«
children; Mr. Farthing, wife and three
children: Dr. Leavitt, wife and one child:
Dr. Miller Wilson and wife, Mr. White
house and wife. The list is very incom
plete, but it is certain that in all thirty
three white persons were slain. Accord
ing to reports current here and at Peking
the Governor of Shansi sent a dispatch to
the Peking .Government reporting the
massacre and demanding a reward.
Thirty-five miles from Taiyuan is* the
English Baptist mission of Hslnchou, on
the great road. There were at Hsinchou
six persons, and their fate is unknown
They are Mr. and Mrs. Dixon, Mr. and i
Mrs. McCurran and two single persons. ;
At the outbreak of the trouble it Is re
ported the entire party fled to *he moun
tains, escaping safely from the village.
Since then no word has been heard of
them, and their fate is conjectural. It is
possible that they may have reached a
place of safety, but diligent inquiries
have failed to locate them.
Owing to the friendliness of the local
official at Taiku. which is about twenty
miles from Taiyuan. the American BoarJ
mission there escaped the first attacKs
upon foreigners. About July 31 a band
of 300 Boxers swept down upon the place
and attacked the mission premises. One
of the native missionary assistants was
killed, and the Boxers, smashing the
pates of the compound, effected an en
trance. There were six persons in the
mlssion-F. W. Davis, C. D. Williams. D.
H. Clapp and wife. Miss Rowena Ford
and Miss Susan Partridge. The three
men took a position on the roof of the
mission building: and made a gallant de
fense until their sparse ammunition was
exhausted. The Boxers rushed them and
they were cut down, fighting to the last
wifh clubbed guns. The three women
then fled to the rear court, where they
were discovered and slain, as was also a
native woman teacher. The bodies were
thrown into the flames of the burning
mission building, after having been be
headed. The heads were taken to Tai
yuan and placed in the baskets on the
Kate, and it is eaid the hearts of the men
were cut out and carried to Peking. One
hundred native Christians were killed at
the sarao time, sixty-five of them being
converts of the Roman Catholic mission.
These people had no means of resistance
and were simply slaughtered.
The report covers only a portion of the
mnny mission stations, and the fate of
other pp.rtks is unknown. The native
u-acher tells his story in a straiphtfor
ivard and connected manner, and his ac
curacy as to dates and incidents gives
credence to his statement that the coun
try beyond and in the south of Peking is
still in a dangerous state of unrest. Pai-
Ting-Fu, the old capital of Chili prov
ince, is said to be procticallv the center
.of the trouble now. The refugee's report
i ihpt Chinese officials from Peking are
I there rsising trc'ops is supported by many
: rumors which find their way into Peking
| nnd this place. These are generally cred
| ited among the foreigners, nnd there has
I been much talk of an expedition against
1 the city. It is a strong point, well forti
j fie-i. end one of the old walled cities of
, North China. According to report, the
I Chinese have stored large quantities of
'. ammunition and supplies at Pai-Ting-Fu
. r.nd are makinsr it a base. It is also said
I that they have restored the railway for a
! considerable distance. At this writing the
I proposed expedition has not assumed defl
i nite sriar«\
Of tl-.n other missionaries whos^ fate Is
unknown up tn th« present are Mr and
Mrs. Ocren of th<» Swedish mission at
Ynn?-Xing-Chou. fifty miles Fouthv/est of
Tion-Chou-Fu. They escaped with the'r
chiiri in a boat, but have not since been
heird of. At Chler.-Yi two women. Mips
Paimcr and Miss French, were stationed.
They are known to have escaped as far
as Hun«?-Tungr. but their whereabouts is
not krown. and Chinese soldiers report
that some foreigners were killed in the
vicinity.
Native Christian Teacher Directly Impli
cates Hu Hsien, the Governor
of Shansi.
REFUGEE TELLS OF
MANY MAS5ACRES
Graphic Narrative of a Long List of Re
¦ r volting Crimes Beginning in the
¦-...; Month of June, v
Corrp*'ron<5<"nee ci AworUtrd rress.
TIENTSIN. China. Sept. ».— A clrcum- <
Ftsntial narrative of the roa.<=sarres ln ' i
Phansi Province has reached here through ; f
a Dative Christian teacher who escaped ; ,
p.r.A after a remarkable journey through ; i
the country on foot and by boat has ju=t t
arrived hfre. This man is a graduate '
frornlthe North of China College, speak
ing English fluently, and abrolutc confl- , ]
irienrr is placed in his statements by the : \
American missionary officials here. His j ?
j^tory : confirms previously reported mur- ; j
tiers and adds details of shocking cruel- j -
lief. It cotters a period of early in June, j
when the t rouble : began, down to the t
latest known outrage, which, as pre- : <
rtousjy reported, occurred on August 15 j t
at Tenchou-Fu,.- about fifty miles south- j 1
west of Taiyuan, when Mr. and Mrs. At- j
water and their two little children, Mr.
and Mrs. C. W. Price and their son. all of <
the American board; Mr. and Mrs. Lau- l
preu of the Swedish mission, and Miss El- i
dred. an English lady, were butchered. | j
The refugee's story of the murders di- J .
tectly implicates Hu Helen, the Governor i ,
jot Shar.si. who has previously been |
charged -with .instigating: and abetting the ,
Killinsr of foreigner;'. It is said that a
fen ?ia.ys after the rescue of the lega- i :
tinners at Peking a prominent member or |
the Tsung li Yam«-n appeared at the ,
Uritish legation and formally accused Hu j
Hwen of invitinR all the foreigners in.
Taiyuan into Ms y a men under pretense of
rscorting them in safety to the coast and j
putting all to death,-. The cames of the j
victims at Tenchou-Fu are Riven by. the
XJolpers. who escaped. According to the
refugee, none of the missionaries at that
station had -been molested, up to the 13th
<jf August, ¦¦¦ • •
. One old prefect of the- district died
shortly before that date, and the Gov- I
Huor 6( Shansi stnt a new man. who.
two days after his arrival, demanded of ;
the local officials why the foreigners had ,
ror been expelled. The district ma pis- j
t rate, who was friendly to the mission-;
'afters.- replied that there was no occas:on :
¦ fc.r tl-eir emptdsion. but under compulsion ;
arrested "the etiief dispenser of the hos
'-j'-lta-l-.- Jlw man v.-as- givtn 300 blows, and
ihe demand wv.s rriacie that he should se
cure ail the r-rms in possession of the I
jniF>Von. . These were accordingly given |
: tip— two pistol- -and two ritics. The de- j
tnar.d was' repeated that they must hasten !
I heir departure. A request was made on
Veh'nlf. of Mr?. Atwater. who was about t j
be confined, that they be allowed a Tew
<!"<=• of respite, but the prefect insisted i
that thry wor-j to l>e sent away to the;
>oa'st eM must !e ready by the next day..
I'piir -.country' tarts wen- prepared for j
i hem and their goods duly packed. They ;
veie to start icu August 15. A guard of j
.Vwehty s.olriiors wa« m.irJe ready. As soon i
. jip .rhe arrangements were made the for- ¦
-. cign houses' w. to sealed up. The mission
,inefl requested that they be permitted to :
c-c'J their houses to secure silver for the
. ¦»ourney; . The official replied that all the |
property had been confiscated by imperial \
" decree ;md could net be sold, but that a ¦
.f mall property in a country village could ;
• he. sold. . This was accordingly done and j
¦ a.srr.a!l sum <f silver secured. The escaped j
. tearht-r. ' rode a horse given him by Mr. I
: At water. The soldiers compelled him to !
dismount arid- rido on the <art. He over- J
beard remark* by the soldiers, and fiom j
: thVse he pathercfl that mischief was
meant, and on the advice of one of the
IjBOldiera escaped from the party some few
mil's from the- village of Ksi Shih.
¦ '.The' party Iras supposed to be sent to,
Pir.R- Vao. about thirty miles from Fu
.*how. "When not far away on his line of
¦ fyrape he heard the firing of a gun. He
'.jaftprward learned that this was the signal
¦': for '-ih> attack upon the party. They were
.''.<¦ scbrted by th<* soldiers a few miles fur
¦• ther.' where th^y were met by another
detachment, and all were attacked and
f lifll^d ' with swords.
r .The offlcials here place no doubt on the
/.acc.uracy of tb» report, as it is said to
: .jiave: beep confirmed by close questioning
uhd -further upheld t,y a message from
1 •'Mri.'PrJc**. . This was written on a bit of
¦ Ji-iVen which the refugee l>rought with him
: .-Snd surrendered to an officer at the gate
•"-'of. the walled city when he arrived.
• r . -Goirjg back to oarly in Jur.e this man
: c'iyos a graphic and apparently reliable
./account of 'all the murders in the Shansl
¦X irov lnce. - Much of :t is too horrible for
¦•pubiKlty, M».n. women and children were
} buu'hered.. their bodies mutilated and 'n
."rnany instances their' beads placed on the
.-catep of th* 1 viljages. So far as known
The hrit. tnwrders occurred June 23. when
¦•'.TWQ- women.- .members of the China In
i.JaTid: ¦ MissioK, .we're killed at Hsiao
•: I-Hsien. ' rThese were Miss Whitechurcn
- aiwl Miss Scwell. who lived alone at the
: .rhission. aremote place. On the day men
: tJQned about 300 Boxers forced an entrance
¦into :tiie ¦mission compound and pome of
the village men smashed in the gate. The
-V<al magistrate was t«nt.for, but. Jt ib
;*»aJd: he reproved the. messenger for dis
turbing him. The 'mob took this as an in
dication that they Were not to be inter
. fered with and forced an entrance to the
". house. '.- The- two ..women made vain ap
•pfais -for mercy, biit were beaten to death
with, clubs and beavy Klasa bottler. It i.
; fiaidthat or.o of them survived the assault
""about an' hour. ¦: Their clothing was
'¦¦ Stripped. ¦ off- and- their valuable* stolen.
.-When the. locat magistrate was informed
¦ : -pf : the' iriurdprs he s«>nt two boxes ln
iwhleh the. bodies were placed a ml buried
-In the baptistry. The oetalls of this out
irage. were learned from a messenger sent
. :: .frora -the^ American . Board Mission at
"Tjpnchou-Fu.- ¦
;'• Thie next outrage took place on June 29
. 'iit'Shawyar.g, about FJeventy-five miles
'I .from Taiyuan-Fu; which was a mission
'¦FTation- of the Independent Workers. The
. ¦«-.tor>' -ot ¦ this massacre, if true, leaves !it
;: tic <jmibt of the guilt of tire local Chinese
: authorities and. also of the Governor, of
ttie province. In all thtrty-flve persons
.-vriire siaJn. It appears that Mr. and Mrs.
' ¦'• i^CErott aiid -their- son: Mr. Robertson, a
'¦: tutcjr: ¦ Miss'-Duval. a teacher, and two
daughters dfiRev. M. Atwater of Ten
.' chon-Fu vrer?~ driven from their homes
• »nd for several days hidden in the moun
" tains. Finally they' determined to return
jo the mission'.- wtveh they were arrested
.and Pfrit to Taiyuan. They were chained
v j».rd handctrfred ' and Iron collars were
-*p1ac«l' around their necks, and durlajf the
' trrrfb'o .march sufffred terribly. They
. ,xt.-i»-(> net .permitted to purchaee food, and
¦'during the entire inarch were practically
• •'¦" wit'nout ranythJng to. eat. On arrival at
,' Tp.jyuan^ they were placed in separate
.rooms and Buffered many indignities. In
•the- meartim!»-mo«t of the foreign houses
¦'in Taiyuan were burned, th» foreigners
: ; .taitln?: refuge in the home of a Mr.- Farth-
Inj? of the English Baptist Mission. One
• woma;n, Miss Coombs, the principal of a
¦ • grilg' Fchool. however, failed to escape
rpd Ml a, victim tc the mob. .Hampered
¦' iy t-he. efforts to protect her scholar* she
'¦'. •%>:*.* separated from the others and caught
¦''¦ by trie rioters, 'who were looting the burn
%3l}X buildirg.. In spite of her pleading 8he
t(a^ ?rized ar.d thrown Into the flamed.
j The missionaries remained until July 7
. .In the bouse of Mr. Farthing, -when a
complete list of all foreigners was de
' • manded bv the Governor. He then ordered
' them all to come to his yamen, assuring
: them that they would be protected and
escorted safely to th© coast. The order
¦ wai«- complied with and the entire party
'of foreigners was admitted between file?
•. or soldiers through the outer gate of the
'-ourt. 'Once safely within the wall? of
' the ysmen the ranks of the soldiers were
• ornenea and about forty Boxers admitted.
• They fell upon the unarmed, missionaries
. 'with ewords and a horrible butchery en
•Eued. The bodies of the unfortunate men
¦ and women were hacked into pieces, their
•heads cut off and placed In baskets.' which
were suspended over the four gates of the
city. -It Js not known whether the" p*>r
?<?j)s from ' Shouyantr were killed or not
¦ at the same time. That they perished at
¦ Talyuan, however. Is certain. ; and" it In
believed at the same time. Forty native
ChfjEtlans were also slain, and the fol
• lowing day the Calhollc priests.' said to
• hflve all been Frenchmen, were beheaded.
In addition to the Piggrott— party, from
Shouyang the following perished at Tal
yuan: Mr. Stokes and wife,- Mr. Sltopson
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, THUKSUA1V OCTOBER 4, iyuu.
SENATOR ,.W. A. CLARK OF
MONTANA. WHO MAY LOSE
THE TREASURERSHIP.
Continued From First Page.
DEAD WOOD WELCOMES ROOSEVELT
At Walsall Sir Arthur D. Hayter. Lib
eral, recovered the seat won from him In
the election of 1895 by Sidney Gedge. Con
servative. The Liberals retain their seats
in Dundee with increased majorities,
showing that Scotland has not been af-
Following is the result of the polling at
Derby: Sir Thomas Roe. Liberal, TS17;
Richard Bell, Labor, 7640; Sir Henry
Howe, Primrose. Conservative. 7349; Geof
fry Drake, Conservative, 6776. Mr. Bell is
the general secretary of the Amalgamated
Society of Railway Servants. The out
come, therefore, is one XJberal and one
Laborite elected, which is a gain for Lib
eralism. /
At Derby the Liberals had .a. striking
success, recovering there the two seats
wrested in the general. election of 1SS5.
Altogether the Liberals have gained ten
seats 'and the Conservatives seven. Only
one Conservative seat was gained yester
day, but it was a very complete victory.
In the Brightslde division of Sheffield, an
Industrial constituency held for ten years
by the late Anthony J. Mundella. who
was succeeded by Fred Madison hi 1S97.
the Madison majority of 183 was converted
by J. H. Hope, Ministerial, into a Con
servative majority of 06.
On the whole the indications this morn-
Ing are that there will not be much
change in the complexion of the new Par
liament. As matters now stand, out of
the 2S7 candidates returned the relative
strength of parties is:
Ministerialists, 212; Liberals, including
labor members, 47: Nationalists. 28. ¦
LONDON. Oct. 4.— The result of yester
day's polling in the Parliamentary gen
eral elections' were leas striking than
those of Tuesday. The Conservative ma
jorities still show increases in numerous
contests, but In a less marked degree. On
the other hand, the Liberals have gained
additional seats.
fected by the' Conservative boom. • " . '
Gilbert Parker, the novelist, has been
elected atOravesend, securing a Unionist
majority of "S over the Liberal candidate,
Hilderand Harmsworth. .^ ;.
John Kensit.' the anti-ritualist crusad
er, has been defeated at Boroushton. al
though r~»- polled 4643 votes iri the interest
of his propaganda. . - ..
T. A. Brassey, Liberal, who was de
feated by «24. votes at the last election,
when • Abel H. Smith. Unionist, wan
elected, has reduced that • majority to
three in his contest with Mai<*r K. S.
Balfour, the present UnionVst canrtMate.
and the Liberals- have demanded a scru
tiny of the vote. . ¦ . .
Th*» notable triumph of Burdett-Cmitt«
at Westminster is regarded by the Liber
als as almost equivalent to a victory for
, themselves. Mr. Bell has. been very prom
: inent in railway disputes and Derby is a
great railway center."
Sir Ellis Ashmead Bartlett. Conserva
tive, has been re-elected for the Ectesall
division of Pfelfleld, with an .increased
majority.- ¦ • ¦ •
Howard Parnell. brother of the late
Charles Stewart Parnell. lost. his seat.
South Meath-. in a singular mariner. whll«
W. H. Carew of Dublin Green has bee'i
elected for SouthMeath without his knowl
edge or consent. It appears that Mr. Par
nell. Nationalist, expected to .be unop
posed arid had deposited a nominal sum
with the Sheriff, sufficient to defray tho
cost of an uncontested election. The lnral
managers, however, angry- with him be
cause he had attended Queen -Victoria' a
reception in April, at the last moment
nominated Mr. Carew. Mr. Parnell did
not have sufficient, money with him to
cover th.3 cost of a contest and there>r«
the Sheriff, was compelled to declare Mr.
Carew elected without "opposition. Mr.
Carew happens to.be opposed at CoHesro
Green, which- he represented in the last
Parliament, but he attended the Duke nf
York's, levee and his» friends had s^izerl
the occasion to put him ¦ forward by
stealth for South ;Meath." He now offer*
to resign in favor of Mr. Parnell. but it
is doubtful whether the law will permit
this. \ -. .
Conservative Majorities Still Show In
; creases in Many Contests, hut in; a-
Less Marked Degree. • i ¦
— — — — * - ¦ - -¦ - ¦ ¦ •
According to Present Indications There
Will Not Be Much Change in the ,
Politics of New Parliament /;
LIBERALS GAIN
ADDITIONAL SEATS
MARCUS DALY, THE MON
TANA MILLIONAIRE, SLAT
ED FOR CLARK'S POSITION.
MARCUS DALY TO SUCCEED
CLARK AS THE TREASURER
oia Row of the Rival
Montana Million
aires Renewed.
- . » — — ¦¦ ¦
ItWlll BeFotfghtqut
at the Indianapolis
Conference, -
INDIANAPOLIS, Oct. 3.— It is stated
that when the Democratic Club Con
vention reaches the order of business
calling for the election of officers Sen
ator \V. A. Clark of Montana, the
present treasurer and also a member of
the executive committee, is to be fetired
as treasurer and Marcus Daly, his old po
litical enemy, elected to fill the vacancy. '
BUTTE, Mont., Oct. 3.— Senator Clark
arrived home to-day to take an active
part in the Montana political .fight. He
was met at the depot by a large crowd
with a band and escorted to his home,
where he made a short speech of thanks.
The Senator proposes to devote his time
from now on to the end of the campaign
to the election of the Democratic ticket.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
WASHINGTON, Oct. 3.— Rear Admiral
Bradford, chief of the Bureau of Equip
ment, may be able to supply the navy
with a wireless telegraph scheme without
asking Congress for a special appropria
tion for signals. The question which nec
essarily affects the determination of the
matter is that of expense. The depart
ment has learned that the British navy
recently equipped thirty-two of its men
of-war with the Marconi system for $1000
each, or a total of $32,000.
This Government is willing: to pay the
same price for the Instruments, but dur
ing Its negotiations with Mr. Marconi last
winter he wanted a payment of $10,000 for
each set of instruments and $10,000 per
year royalty. This was altogether too
great a sum for the department's purse
and it declined to. buy any of the instru
ments. Admiral Bradford, is anxious to
equip all the ships of the navy with the
system as rapidly as possible, as other
services are utilizing the invention, and
he does not want the American navy to
bo placed at a disadvantage.
Plumbers on Strike.
PITTSBURG, Pa., Oct. 3.— Fifteen hun
dred journeymen plumbers employed by
115 firms in Plttsburp struck to-day for
uniform wages and a revision of the rules'
poverningr the trade. All the shops owned
by members of the Master Plumbers" As
sociation are affected. *
Marshal von Blumenthal 111.
BERL.IN. Oct. 3.— Marshal von Blumen
thal. the last surviving prominent general
of the Franco-Prussian war, is danger
ously ill.
2
RUPTURE CURED.
UNITED STATES LAUNDRY
'Office 1QO4 Market Street
¦'; /.;&; .Near Powell.
.Telephone— South 42O.
Oakland Off lce-62 Sari Pablo Ave.
When w« say "ruDtnr* eur«l"* w« mean It.
for it Is a fact that during th« past 20 years'
DR. PIERCITS MAGNETIC ELASTIC TRUS.3
haa CURED thousands of cases. Notsln* etsa
like H. Btst retainer made. It doea the work.
Investigate for yourself. E7Call-for "Book-
let No. V* or «end I cents -In stamps. Ad-
'magnetic elastic truss go.,
: . 62O Market Street. San Fraacijoo.
Or 1J45 Broadway. New York City.
fered at.....................:...; .:..?! o.oo
One ?15 meat stutter n<5w.. ......... ¦.,,..,, ,f 3.00
1 large Iron smoke house, good as new,
used i in delicacy room, : list J35, now ' of-
Ask to see our ' cook "stoves, furniture,
wag-ons, . agricultural Implements, farm and
school bells, pumps and Incubators on 6th and
6th floors. '%'-2.z\'yi^' ¦/'*''¦ '- '
Good family coffee, ground .12V4
Finest Eastern ham to-day..'. 12
Choice family flour to-day ... .'.'. .85
Fancy Kona coffee, pure .....; .25
OTHER BARGAINS.
Sizes 34, 35. 3* : If larger sizes wanted, price
is |1.50. - About 100 pieces to close at a
big bargain.
MEN'S DARK VESTS ...... 50°
WHITE KID GLOVES ...... 50 c
Of the $1.25 quality. 7tf to 9, both ladies'
and men's: also a few silk finish at 10
cents; small ' sizes.
About 100 pairs girls' or child's 13. 13»4 and
1, lH: real" value 30 cents, balance of 100C
pair lot bought low; o. s. toe. Full line of
rubber footwear at close cash prices.
CARPETS ........... ..20°
These are a yard wide and very . durable,
but not very pretty: several pieces to close
at 20 cents.
RUBBER SHOES . .. 10 c
These are boys* or ladies* 2% to *M, best
quality made; bals high cut: 11.25 value at
75 cents; 2\b to 5'4, balance of season's
rtock.
TENNIS OXFORDS ...... 50°
25-27 Market St., San Francisco,
p. c.
Our friends will be glad to know that thta
old reliable house is now runnrngr fail blast
under the mane semen t of the 3MITHS'.
Our Ions list of articles tnalW fre« of pont-
age will interest you and save you money.
The JO-page price list, the •'Home Circle." sent
free as heretofore. Address as above at '
CASH STORE
WALLPAPER ........ 5c
; rceSir^u^e^rcom^rv. 1^ or
OVERLAND MAGAZINES, 100
FOR 75c
7? eS * K, r .*v 1SM 1 " u «. J " sood order from
the publisher; want any for free distri-
bution or for charitable institutions"
RIBBONS 5C
Find on 5 cent counter, all widths from 1
to 2 Inches, Nos. 5 to 18 of ail silk first
quality prevailing colors are red. black!
blue: value 10c to 25c a yard. «»«i.».
Found on remnant counter on 2nd door*
skirt lengths S1.30 up: other fine fabrics In
dress lengths, $1.65 to 13.73 for full pat-
DRESS PATTERNS, ALL WOOL,
$1.90.
BOYS' OVERALLS........ 20°
These are stout blue denim, without bibs,
kind the boys like: worth now 35 cenU:
waist 23 to 26, for boys 5 to 8 or 9.
TWO ALIKE.
' We want to sell goods for cash and you want to buy for cash, pro-
vided it is to our advantage to do so, and it is. No losses to make up,
no collectors or bookkeepers to pay, nobody to molest you or make ypu
afraid of bills or Sheriff's deputies. We take high ground on this point,
and it'll take a sharpshooter and more to bring us down.
. ADVERTISEMENTS.
C W C t j-rV
weather j
wear I
I THINGS FOR BOYS I
I Boys' Rubber Coats Ij
| —Will last till outgrown, ij
I Perfectly water-proof t
J and just the thing for 1
I school, $1.75 and $2.25 |
I Boys' Mackintoshes I
I — Look better than rub- |
a ber coats and just as- 1
I water-proof. Liable to H
I rain most any day, so |
I the boy better be ready, g
I from $1.75 up. I
! Rubber Cape Caps . |
. Boys' .Leggini. |
' Boys' Rubbers I
Boys* Winter Shoes |
Boys' UmbreDas £
. Ko me to pay more than Red Front price* £
"When greek meets greek"
Then comes the tug of • war, but when
laundry meets laundry. In such sharp com-
petition as Is met with in San . Francisco,
you can readily understand why we do
more business than any other laundry in
the city- Laundry work Is our business.
and we make it our- business to do work
such as no other laundry can compete
with. ¦ • " ' • . - ¦
Domestic finish for full-dress shlrta It
you order It.
. No saw edges. . ' .THE SAW irftANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, OCTOBER 4, 1900.
Millionaire Carmack is quiet and unos
tentatious in speech and dress. On his
return from the Klondike he seemed de
votedly attached to his Indian wife and
child and he bestowed on the former nug
gets in quantity, which she wears sus
pended around her neck or in the form of
Mrs. Carmack last saw her husband in
April last, when she and her child ac
companied him to the depot. She expected
that she was to go with him on his jour
ney, but as the train pulled out Carmack
grasped her hand, shook it, jumned on one
of the cars and was gone. She
returned to her home vowing' vengeance
and at once took steps which have re
sulted in the* suit for divorce. This Indian
woman, brought up in the wilds of the
far North, soon showed that she had been
an apt pupil in studying tne ways of civ
ilization. Counsel was engaged and the
whereabouts of the millionaire traced. At
Seattle, it is alleged, certain things were
learned which form the groundwork jt
the allegations in the complaint.
HOLLISTER, Oct. 3.— George Car
mack, the discoverer of the
Klondike, will vigorously con
test the suit instituted by his In
dian wife for a divorce. The rea
son for his determination to fight the cas-s
Is that Mrs. Carmack demands a division
of his property, which is valued at a mil
lion and a half dollar. The case bids fair
to become one of the most noted that
has ever been tried Jn the courts of this
county. A Us pendens has been placed on
all of the millionaire's property here.
The clean-up from Carmack's Dawson
mines this year aggregated $240,000. The
two Indians whom he mentions as hav
ing led the way to the gold fields were
brothers of his wife.
"The first year we did not take out
very much and sold one claim for $13,500.
Pete McDonalfl purchased 230 feet and
Jack Felix and the Edgar brothers 250
fpet and are profiting by their Investment.
The second winter my partners and my
self worked our claims and took out about
$125,000." '
"We then went down to Forty-Mile for
provisions and tools to work^our claims.
As soon as the news of our discovery be
came known tHere was a stampede to th«?
spot and within two weeks every inch of
ground in the vicinitv of the creek was
located.
stickpins. Carmack's story of his dis
covery of the Klondike as toid by him
self recently is as follows:
. "In the spring of '86 I went back on the
Yukon, trading and prospecting, until the
fall of 'S?. I remained for three^summers
in the vicinity of the Forty-Mile district
and then went to the Pelly River district
and was principally tnsaged In trading.
In the spring of "05 1 went down the
mouth of the Klondike to fish and then
started on a prospecting tour. I was ac
companied by two Thkweesh Indians. On
the 16th of August I made the big dis
covery on Boiinrza. I was going to a lit
tle creek called Gold Bottom to prospect
and on my way stumbled across thi.*
creek. It was cn high river bedrock and
the gold could be seen lying in the gold
rock. I staked out a claim of 500 feet by
right of discovery and 500 feet by right of
location. My two Indian companions also
staked out 500 feet each.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Special Dispatch to The Ca'.l. . ; • • : . !
WASHINGTON. Oct. 3. — Postmasters
appointed: California — Delos Campbell, I..
Verdugo, Los Angeles County, vice W.'O..- ; -
Huston. resigned. ', -..'¦¦/ '. '.
Pensions issued: California: Increas?^- ~
James H. Lord. Soldiers' Home; Lbs An- - •
geles, $8; Davis Proctor, Sycamore, $12; - : .
Inters sts the Coast.
SAN RAFAEL. Oct. 3.— Adolph Syiva.; '
fls the assignee of Constables John CrreJ. " *
R. I.^Garrity and John Hannon and- Jur;-y\
tices of the Peace J. S. Bellrudo and G.
W. Simpton. commenced a suit, again
Marin County In the Superior Court tb'.s ..
afternoon for the sum of $1027 15. The
action Is ba.-rd on the fact that the Bo.nrd." :
of Spervlsors during the months of Jan- •
uary. February* and March of the present: .
yf-ar refused to pay th* bills of the Con
stables and Justices of Sausallto Town- :
ship. It was understood at the time that ."
the board was skeptical as to the gen-:
fineness of the claims. . , : . :
Sausalito Constables and Justices D2r
mand Payment of Claims.;
Special Plsratch to The Call. . . :
MARIN COUNTY SITED.
Allege Bur. Concurrenyy. '.'-..'"
Special Dispatch to The. Call.
SAN RAFAEL. Oct. 3.— R. W. War.1 to
day petitioned the Superior Court for. a'
vrlt of habeas corpus. Ward, who is serv- •
ing two terms of imprisonment of four
years each for grand larceny commltt.cd.
In Fresno, claims that the terms run con-'
currently and that by serving one. term
he- Is entitled to his discharge. Judge An- •
gellotti will hear the case on the 15th inst. ..
Jesus Garcia, another inmate ¦ of San
Quentin. also has hopes of travelfntr the
habeas corpus road to freedom. He is
serving sentences from San Benito and '
Monterey counties and alleges that the
terms run concurrently. He applied for -a
writ of habeas corpus, which, will be heard
next Monday in the Superior: Court. . . .
Serving" Trouble Terras Which They
OROVILLE. Oct. 3.— Hon. E. E. Gaddts.
Superior Judge of Yolo County, and Mias
Anna Biggs, daughter of Hon. Marlon
Biggs Jr. and wife, were united in mar
riage at 10 o'clock this mornlns at the
home of the bride's parents by Rev. Mr.
Merritt. pastor of the First Congregation
al Church. The. room In which the vows
were spoken was artistically decorated,
with preen and irold. The bridal party
entered to the sweet strains. of a wed
ding march played by Miss May Bell
Morse of Oakland. After the ceremony a
wedding breakfast was served. Many
costly presents were received.'
Judge and Mrs. Gaddis departed on the
noon train for San. Francisco, from which
place they will go to Southern California.
On their return they will' reside In an ele
pant home lately purchased by Judge
Gaddis in Woodland. .
CONVICTS SUE rOB FREEDOM.
Home in Oroville.
Special Dispatch to The Call. .
Ceremony Performed at, the Bride's
GADDIS-BIGGS WEDDING.
GEORGE CARMACK. THE DISCOVERER OF THE KLONDIKE GOLD
FIELDS; HIS INDIAN WIFE,. WHO IS SUING HIM FOR A DI
VORCE. AND THEIR EIGHT-YEAR-OLD DAUGHTER.
Klondike Millionaire Carmack Objeets to a Di
vision of Community Property.
WILL FIGHT HIS INDIAN
WIFE'S SUIT FOR DIVORCE
SACRAMENTO. Oct. 3.— F. D. Ryan. Com
ml*sloner of Public Works, to-nisht received a
letter - from : the . Secretary of. War approving
tho • plan for th# proposed -i cut-oft - at Snaggy
Bend, on the Upper Sacramento River.
WOODLAND, Oct. 3.— The Democrats
held. their county convention to-day. J. F.
Chiles of Davisville was nominated for
the Assembly and T.. C. Snider. W. W.
Nelson and D. M. Wooster for Super
visors In the First. Fourth and Fifth dis
tricts..
Yolo Democratic Nominees.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Oil Strike Near King City.
Special Disnatch to The Call.
SALINAS, Oct. 3.— The Nonpareil Oil
Company has struck oil' In Us, well on' the
Alvarez ranch, twenty-five miles from
King City. The well Is now ¦ down 1400
feet, with a fourteen-inch casing.
years to gain his point, J. Aldidge, a New
Hope farmer, has at last won a reclama
tion district to his way of thinking and
started It on the most notable drainage
venture this county has witnessed in
years. The scheme is nothing more nor
less than to change the entire river bed
of the Mokelumne and ¦ conduct that,
stream through an artificial channel to be
constructed with the Idea of doing away
with broken levees and flooded farms in
the New Hope district during the high
water of winter and spring. Three miles
of crooked river bed will be cut "down to
less than a single mile of straight channel.
Work on the new channel has* already
commenced. It means a large outlay of
capital, as much of tho ground traversed
ItfTTensely covered with trees and under
brush. *
m
Called to a Riverside Pulpit.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SANTA CRUZ. Oct. 3.— Rev. Alexander
Eakin of this city and formerly pastor of
the local Presbyterian church, has re
ceived a unanimous call to Calvary Pres
byterian Church at Riverside. This Is one
of the leading churches in Southern Cal
ifornia.
STRAIGHTENING THE ' BED
OF MOKEHTTMNE BIVER
New Hope Farmers Dssire to Put an
End to Disastrous Spring
Special Dispatch to The Call.
LODI. Oct. 3.— After fighting for twenty
Sr-cial Dispatch to The' Call.
NAPA, Oct. 3.— The Prohibition* party of
this county has put a ticket Into the field.
It is against McKinley because of his po
sition on the army canteen question. The
candidates named are: Joint Senator. Dr.
C.H: Fearman; Assemblyman. George XV.
Tool; Supervisor (East Xapa District), M.
G. Bassett; Justice of the Peace, T. R.
Parker. AH the candidates are residents
Qf Napa.
Napa's Prohibition Ticket
sociation it Is not certain that the agree
ment will be signed by all lines. Yester
day the officers of the Rio Grande Wosl
ern road telegraphed to Chicago that they
•would not go into the proposed organiza
tion if It was necessary for this road to
pever Its traffic relations with any of its
connecting lines. The Rio Grande West
ern people also protest against the prop
osition to establish headquarters of tho
association at any point east of the Mis
souri River.
General passenger agents of the other
lines, however, are of the opinion that the
opposition of the Rio Grande Western
will be overcome and that the organiza
tion will be finally effected. They are so
certain of this that they have ordered the
agreement to become effective Novem
ber 15. -~y:;-;
Rio Grande Western Objects to Hav
ing Headquarters Established
East of the* Missouri.
CHICAGO, Oct. 3.— Though officers of
the principal Western roads have agreed
to form a transcontinental passenger as-
MAY NOT JOIN THE
PASSENGEB ASSOCIATION
SEATTLE, Oct. 3.— The first telegram
from Skagway to Seattle, marking an
epoch In the history of commercial Inter
ests connecting Alaska and the outside
world, was received here to-day. The time
occupied by the message In transit was
seven hours, but this will be greatly ' re
duced. The route taken by the message
was from Skagway to Atlin, thence over
the old Atlin-Llllooet line to the Fraser
River, then to Ashcrofl and on to Van
couver, from which place it was sent to
Seattle. , >. * - •
The line over which it passed to an
couver Is that which the Canadian Gov
ernment has been engaged in constructing
for the past four months. It Is not yet
completed and will not be for about a
week. However, In order to get the llrst
message through to-day a temporary line
was put up connecting the unfinished por
tion between Llllooet and Ashcroft, and
in this manner the transmission of the
message wars accomplished.-
According to the reports received here
to-day the whole work of the Canadian
Government will be concluded by October
10, after which the through line will be
open for commercial business.
LADEN WITH KLONDIKE GOLD.
Half in Treasure.
City fcf Seattle Brings a Million and a
SEATTLE. Oct. 3.— The steamship City
of Seattle arrived to-day from Skaguay
with $1,500,000 In Klondike treasure and
317 passengers. Of the treasure $300,000
¦vras consigned from the Bank of British
North America of Dawson to the Selby
Smelting Works of San Francisco; $500 -
000 came from the Canadian Bank of Com
merce and was - consigned to the local as
say office.
There was a single consignment of $44,000
in gold dust from tho Atlln district. It
is paid that at least $500,000 will come from
that district on the next few boats.
On September 29. when the Seattle left
Skaguay, the Yukon River was still open
and there had been no more snow, either
cn the summit or along the trails.
FIRST TELEGRAM FROM
ALASKA TO THE STATES
Opening of the New Line Marks' an Epodi in the Terri
tory's Commercial History.
He said an older boy was guilty of the
crimes. He refused, however, to give tho
older boy's name. .
It Is supposed that Glenn set flre to
the buildings in order to watch them
burn. He was always one of the first to
.reach a conflagration and gazed eagerly
at the flames. He hateu Chinamen and
this probably accounts for the fact that
he first destroyed the row of houses be
longing to the Mongolians. He is a bright
looking youngster.
The boy's father works for the Sangei
Lumber Company. Steps probably will
be taken to have the lad sent to the re
form school.
Pabst Cafe Proprietor Arrested.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SAN. jpSE, Oct. 3.— H. L. Illrsch, the
proprietor of the Pabst Cafe, was ar
rested to-day for violating the new or*
dinance imposing a $730 license upon con
cert halls. City Treasurer McGeoghegan
swore to ¦ the ; complaint. Hlrsch's trial
was set for October 8. -He proposes to
fight tlfe ordinance and will keep the con
cert hall open pending results In court.
Bedding's Greeting. to Coombs.
Special Dispatch to The Call. v
REDDING, Oct. 3. — The Republicans of
Redding gave Hon. Frank L». Coombs,
candidate for Congress In the First Dis
trict, a splendid ovation to-night. A
brass band was brought, up from Red
Bluff and fireworks were burned on the
way to the hall. , Mr. Coombs was greeted
by*a fine audience and made an excellent
Impression. ¦
Young Glenn was not satisfied -with hav
ing destroyed the building. On the night
after it had been torn down he set tire
to the heap of remnants and was seen
applying the match. The little fellow was
not arrested on the spot, the officers de
siring to obtain more evidence.
On the following night two barns were
destroyed, one of which contained a num
ber of hogs and one horse. The animals
were incinerated. The last structure
which the youngster set fire to was a cot
tage and it was partly destroyed. By
this time sufficient evidence had been ob
tained and Constable Irvine concluded to
take* Glenn Into custody lest he should
destroy more property. Before he had
been detected setting flre to the dance
hall he had* burned a row of Chinese
houses belonging to the Pacific Improve
ment Company.
The youthful prisoner cried bitterly
when brought to the jail and placed la
the cell formerly occupied by the boy
poisoner, Fred Himes. He refused to talk
about his case, though he had previously
made a number of statements to the offi
cers.' His stories weie conflicting and
when the contradictions were pointed out
to him he wept and declared he did not
know better. His father accompanied him
to the jail and seemed heartbroken over
the little fellow's predicament.
In one of the statements to the officers
the prisoner declared that he was not to
blame for setting fire to the buildings.
In the meantime more fires occurred, all
of them attended by suspicious circum
stances. Finally the town dance hall was
fired and partly burned. The following
night the torch was again applied and th3
building further damaged. For six suc
cessive nights the dance hall kept trying
to burn and finally it was reduced to a
pile of debris and was torn down.
About fourteen days ago a fire occurred
at Sanger, the circumstances strongly In
dicating incendiarism. Constable Irvine
began an investigation, but could not dls
cover the firebug. He kept a number of
suspicious characters under surveillance,
but never suspected the real culprit.
FRESNO, Oct. 3.— Harry Glenn, an
eleven-year-old boy, was brought to the
County Jail to-day by Constable Irvine
of Sanger and Incarcerated on a charge
of arson. The youth Is almost as much
of a monstrosity in the criminal line as
was Fred Himes. who was recently tried
here for having poisoned his father.
Young Glenn Is charged with having set
fire to no less than twelve buildings with
in the last two weeks and the proof
against him is overwhelming.
TWELVE FIRES CHARGED
TO A BOY INCENDIARY
Eleven-Year-Old Sanger Lad. Starts Conflagrations for
the Pleasure of Watching Them.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
James Deane, the engineer sent by the
province of British Columbia to fix the
boundary line, claims to have discovered
the original pc-^ts. They place the line
i VANCOUVER, Oct. 2.— The dispute over
I the boundary line between the United
' Sjates and Canada at the foot of Mount
; Baker has almost reached the stage of an
| International crisis. A Canadian pack
i train loaded with supplies for American
! owned mines was seized yesterday by
j American customs authorities, who de
: manded the payment of nearly J1000 duty.
| They allege the goods have crossed the
i boundary lino into the States. The Cana
! dian authorities declare the boundary line
i is two miles further to the south, and,
! therefore, the supplies are still in Canada.
i Feeling Is very bitter and trouble is
t threatened. The Americans declare it is
I another attempted boundary steal on the
! part of the Canadians.
The mines have all alonjr paid a revenue
to the United States. Now the Canadian
officers say that if any trouble is made
with Canadian goods by the American of
llcers the Canadians will seize American
mines and other property for taxes. They
allepe that fees that have gone to the
United States Government should always
have been paid to the Dominion. *
two miles further south for thirty miles
along the northern edpo of Mount Baker.
Several of the richest cold mines? In the
district, at present owned and operated by
American capitalists on supposed Ameri
can soil, are declared to be In the limits of
British Columbia. Dearie says that set
tlers in the district, which is now well
populated and where the agricultural as
well as mining interests are large, have
been deceived by a post stuck into the
ground, accidentally or by design, half a
mile north of the forty-ninth parallel.
They took this for the boundary post, and
other lines run from the angle supplied by
this post took the' boundary two miles out
of position.
San Bafael Has a Daily Paper.
Fr*--'ial Di.Tatch tr. 7! o Call. .
: SAN* RAFAEI-. On. 3.-The Independ
ent, a w-eekly paper h^re, has been turned
Into a. daily by its owner and editor, F.
.L. Cowon.
Nome, arrived here last evening and be
fore beinjr allowed to proceed to Seattle
all of her "&¦?, riasppn^ers were compelled
to submit: to vaccination. This was con
sidered necf-^ary on account of the fact
that th«*re has' been: another outbreak of
smallpox at Nome, although the vessel
had no. sickness aboard.
Returning Miners Delayed at Port
Tounsend Because of Smallpox
at Nome.
PORT TOWNSEXD, Oct. 3.— The steam
ship ¦ Nb-m? City, tf-n days from Caps
NEARLY rOTJR HUNDRED
PASSENGERS VACCINATED
SACRAMENTO. Oct. 3.— Governor Gag
tn-day granted a reprieve to November 19
In the case of George Puttman. sentenced
to be hanged at Folsom Prison on Friday
ttfiXtf In the order of reprieve the Gov
ernor rerite? the facts relative to the
appeal and the action of the Supreme
¦OHirt sustaining the judgment of the Su
r*-rk>r Court, the date of the filing of the
Supreme Court remlttitur in the Superior
Court being given as August 21. He also
natnes the date of the order of execution.
September is. and ihe date named for the
•¦xfcution. October 5. and states that
whereas the time fixed for the execution
is less than sixty days from the date of
the order and warrant, the time required
v< < lapse by section 1239 of the Penal Code,
a reprieve to the date named is granted.
Cn;;r.srl for Puttman has given notice that
it is lntpri'i'vl to appeal from the order
end warrant and that the full sixty days
««-e Deeded in which to perfect the appear
Governor Gaee Adds Six Weeks to
the Life of the Condemned
Man.
STURDERER PUTTMAN
GRANTED A REPRIEVE
Special Dispatch to The CalL
Boundary Dispute on the Northern Border of Washing
ton Fast Reaching a Crisis.
CANADIAN PACK TRAIN
SEIZED BY AMERICANS
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SAN* RAFAEL. Oct. 3.—The little
ivy-clad Episcopal Church in Rosa
A alley was this afternoon
thronged by fashionable people
who gathered to witness the mar-
¦ m ¦»!! »i „ t n*v.o^r. tn. uvott rr
rlage of Miss Alysse Latham to \\ j att II.
Allen. The church was beautifully dec-
orated with ferns and flowers. Bishop
»-. i. i r .i.« »ArArr>r.nf TVio
Mchols performed the cerernonj. The
bride was attended bv Miss Frances IS.
Allen and the groom by Allan Kittle. Af-
ter the «^°°^^«^«^^"
luncheon at the I^atham home in ban An-
selmo.
Miss Latham Is the beautiful and ac-
' , , , v.»__ „»• t r» T atViam of
compllshed daughter of F. B. Latham of
the North Pacific Coast Railroad. Mr.
Allen i° an electrical engineer associated
t..u>, Wiint Meredith ."- Po of Pan Fran-
?.il n Vr ,ml Mrs Allen will make an
cisco. Mr. a"d.J*J r t s-,, A1'^ n tJl11^_ maKe an
extensive wedding tour of the East.
Among the guests who witnessed the
ceremony were:
Mrs Milton P. Latham. Mrs. James K.
Latham, the Misses Latham, Mr. and Mrs.
Hmrv F All*>n, the Misses Alien. Mr. Lucius
Allen" Mrs. Jonathan G. Kittle, Miss Kittle.
Mr. John Allen, Mr. Allan Kittle. Mr. and
Mr* CoTnn.^Mr.
Jesse Godley. Mr. and Mrs. Homer S. Kins,
Dr. and Mrs. Beverley MacMonngle. Mr. and
Mrs. Frederick Moody, Mr. and Mrs. Mln
thorne Tompkins, Mr. and Mrs. John F. Boyd,
Mr and M£_ Charles P. Eells> Mr. and Mrs.
George Boyd, Mr. and Mrs. Arthur Foster,
Mr. and Mrs. "enry Kewhall. Mr. and Mrs.
• Mayo. Mrs. H. M. Xewhall, Mr. and Mrs.
Avmiani Babcock> Mr. Harry Babeock. Miss
Lawrence Poole, Miss Nichols, Miss Mary
Nichols. Mr. and Mrs. John C. Coleman, Mr.
g& ¥&&£"& Hffl.Sfi:
iIr and JIrs Andrew Forbes. Mrs. c. V.
Grummer. Mr. and Mrs. CJlnton Jones, Mr.
and Mrs. Abner S. Mann. Dr and Mrs Harry
Sherman, Mr. and Mrs. E. L. Griffith, Mrs.
Ed ton * Mr _ and Mr8. Sydney B. Cushln K.
Mr an(1 Mrs. Albert Dibblee, Mro. Dlbblee.
Mr. and Mrs. Harry Dibblee. Miss Dlbblee. Dr,
and Mrs. Grant Selfridge. Dr. and Mrs. Alex
*nder Warner. Mr. and Mrs. Edward Schmle
dell. Mr. and Mrs. William Prlnjrle. Dr. and
• p Wlulams< Mr. E. H. Sheldon. Mr.
ji™- x Maddox Mr. Thomas Berry. Mr. Ben
1amtn Dibblee. Mr. Harry Campbell, Mr. Al
"fred Poett. Mr. Alec Campbell. Mr. Thomas
Eastland. Mr. Andrew Hunt, Mr. L. C. Cory.
Mr. William Nichols. Mr. Philip Tompkins.
Mr. Mlr.tliorne Tomrkins.
Valencia, the. survivor, does not know
what caused the disaster. The mill will
be' rebuilt at once.
. Merrier- and .Valencia had gone on duty
at 7 o'clock and were at work on blasting
fKrtrder. Both have been employed in the
works, fnf several vears. Mercier was
known as one of th.? most careful em
ployes about the works. He leaves a wife
sind .dauthtcr. He wa? a member of the
Kriehts of Pythias and Maccabees.
The mill where the explosion occurred
is in a large prove and is rather isolated.
It Is known as the second coiviing mill
¦od'fs where, after the powder has gone
through the wheel mill and the press, it
5 s. broken, into grains before it is taken to
the glaze mill. The building was of cor
rugated iron. Portion? of it are scattered
over a Inrpo area. The machinery Is
Vmker. and. twisted. •
\V. H. Stevenson was the first on tne
pcer.e. Before reaching the place he heard
thf agonizing screams of one of the
workmen and an awful sight greeted him.
? "harlfs Merrior was ?pen to emerge from
the side of the demolished building. The
clothing had been burned from his body
and his .flesh was blackened b*- the pow
der. He ran nearly two hundred yards
before he fell exhaust.-d. His suflerinjr
Tvas intense and he repeatedly implored
the arriving workmen to kill him.
Valeirci?. was four.d ju?t outside the
mill. He was ly!rg on the tramway be
tween-the rail and a board in the middle
of the track, his head being under the
board. All around him was fire. His
oloita.es irere burned off and his body
. baoly scrrhod. while his right hand and
arm "were burned to a crisp. To-night he
is sufJV-nnK awful agonies.
The report of the explosion was not
lieard nor was the shock felt by the peo-
I>!e In this city. The men in the other
mills at; the "world at S:15 o'clock felt the
bjiildinps shake and rock and. going to
the. doors, saw ascending above the trev s
the' cloud <f f-moke that follows an ex
•jrlosiori- The smoke was In the direction
<>f the corning mill of the black powder
department. Thither the employes hur
ried 'rorri all directions.
SANTA CRUZ. Oct. 3-Charles Mercler
lost his life. John Vaiercia was terribly,
turned and one bqfldlsg was demolished
by an. explosion at the California Powder
"VVorks this evening. Tt;t disaster occurred
In the corning mill and its exact cause is
Dot known. Herder' ruffered awful tor
ture before' death relieved him three and
«i half hours later. Valencia cannot re
cover.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Building in Which the Two Men Are
at Work Is Wrecked and Both
Are Scorched From
Head to Foot. . .
THEY SUFFER HORRIBLE TORTURE
One Santa Cruz Workman
' Dead and Another Can
not Survive.
EXPLOSION AT
POWDER WORKS
COSTS A LIFE
WHEATLAND, Oct. 3.— Sam D. Woods,
Republican nominee for Congress, dis
played his wide knowledge of the varied
resources of his district to-night In an
address to a large meeting of hop grow
ers and wheat farmers. He went Into hfb
subject at length, explaining how legis
lation could or could not affect the two
interests and contrasted the attitude of
the Republican party toward the farmers
and hop growers with the attitude of the
Democratic party. He explained the effect
of the tariff upon the varied products of
the soil and gave a history of conditions
under Democratic free trade, comparing
tho present prosperity of the country un
der a Republican policy of sound money
and protection for American industries
with the condition - then, prevailing. His
remarks .were roundly applauded and it
was evident that his audience was In full
sympathy with him throughout.
dressed by the Nominee.
Special Dinpatch to The Call.
Hop-Gro-wers and Wheat-Raisers Ad-
Mr. Shortridge in a powerful speech
directed his argument to the young vot
ers. Existing conditions were contrasted
with those of four years ago. One point
¦which "brought down the house" was
that wherein the speaker showed that the
Ice trust, the Standard Oil trust and oth
er great trusts of the country were under
.the control of Democrats. His tribute to
The valor of American manhootl and the
bravery of American soldiers was elo
quent. Frequently loud applause Inter
rupted his speech. _
SAM D. WOODS AT WHEATLAND.
SALINAS. Oct. 3.— The greatest politi
cal demonstration that has ever taken
place In Monterey County was witnessed
in this city to-night. Bands played and
cannons boomed,, while a torchlight pro
cession threaded the city's streets. Agri
cultural Hall was artistically decorated
and when the meeting was called to or
der forty-five young men who will cast
their first vote this fall were on the plat
form as vice presidents. Attorney J. E.
Kpinger of this city made the opening ad
dress and introduced the principal speak
er. Hon. S. M. Shortridge.
Benefits of Republicanism.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Samuel M. Shortridge Points Out
APPEALS TO FIRST VOTERS.
At the conclusion of Governor Gage's
nddrcFs three rousipg cheers were given
for the flag and for the success of the
Republican party. A reception followed
at the Golden Eagle Hotel.
There was no such thing as imperialism,
said the Governor, and it was purely a
fallacy that the Bryanltes were endeav
oring to use for the purpose of deceiving
the intelligent voters of the country into
supporting the retrogressive policy of the
Democratic party. Regarding the hue and
cry raised by the leaders of the Demo
cratic party that the Republican party
was using its utmost efforts to make of
the- United States a military government,
the Governor said that it had been the
policy of former great Presidents to advo
cate expansion where justified. The
Philippines policy of the Democratic party
was ail wrong, said the Governor, and
the Republican party was the only one
that could bring the present insurrection
in the" Philippine Islands to an end at
tended with honor to the nation.
SACRAMKNTO. Oct. 3. — Governor
Henry T. Gage addressed a large. Intelli
gent end appreciative audience to-night
at the Clunie Opera-house. He was es
corted to the meeting place by the Roose
velt Rough Riders of this city, one of the
largest political clubs in the State. The
Governor's subject was "Imperialism and
Militarism."
the I>emocratic Party.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Assails the Retrogressive Policy of
Resolved. That it is the opinion of this club
that said Hoftan brought said charges to create
dissension in the Democratic party in this,
county and to injure the cause of Bryan and
Stevenson.
Tho end is not yet. A bolt similar to
that of the Kopublican Good Government
League is threatened in the Democratic
ranks. On Saturday the affiliated Bryan
clubs of the county organized as a side
issue under the name of the Jeffersonlan
Democracy. This new organization will
do reform Democratic politics, and. it is
paid, will tight the Democratic County
Central Committee. A loss of votes to the
Democrats will be the outcome of the
squabble.
GAGE DISCUSSES IMPE^ALISM.
Whereas, Said charges are upon their face
fireposterous. and after due investigation not
sustained; therefore, be it
Last evening the statement was made
at the Bryan Club that Hogan had de
clared that George W« Peckham and T.
A. Carroll had been boasting they could
swing the Bryan Club as they pleased.
Oratory waxed hot and hotter, and as the
smoke cleared away the following resolu
tions were unanimously parsed:
Whereas, Charges have been brought by
Thomas C. Hoftan against members of this
club to the effect that T. A. Carroll and
George \V. Peckham attempted to barter the
vote of the club to corrupt ends; and.
¦\Vhereas, Messrs. Carroll and Peckham, men
In whom the members of the club have entire
confidence, have made emphatic denials of said
charges: and.
BAN JOSE. Oct. 3.— There is a big split
In. the ranks of the Democracy in Santa
Clara County— in fact, it promises to be
war to the^knlfe between the Bryan clubs
end the Democratic County Central Com
mittee. Charges and counter charges of
corruption are flying thick and fast be
tween the two factions, and the Bryanltes
passed resolutions last evening accusing
Thomas C. Hogan, a member of the
County Central Committee and one of the
most prominent Democrats in the city, of
trying to create dissension in the Demo
cratic party and to injure the cause of
Bryan and Stevenson in this county. The
resolution Is a "double header" and clears
the skirts of T. A. Carroll and George W.
Peckham of charges made by Hog.in that
they attempted to barter the votes of the
Bryan Club of San Jose for Influence in
the late county convention.
For. some time the trouble has . been
brewing. The spark was fanned to a flame
when the Democratic State Convention
was held, and*the flame became a confla
gration after the midnight meeting of the
County Central Committee that named
the delegates to the county convention.
A. R. Denlke and John A. Hicks, other
members of the County Committed, are
not escaping the wrath of the Bryanltes.
Up to the very last moment before the
Congressional convention was called to
: order W.' P. Squires of this city was in
: the race for the nomination. A few days
previous J. H. Henry had published a
card in the papers declining Congressional
honors. Henry changed his mind and got
into the light, and Carroll, Peckham and
other Bryanltes who championed Squires
charge Jlognn and others with deserting
Squires, whom they agreed to support,
! and boosting Henry into the nomination.
In the county convention the Bryan Club,
which numbers few of the County Central
Committee on its roll, was almost totally
: Ignored, Ilojran ruling the convention with
an iron hand.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Friends of the Congressional Candi
date Accused of Questionable
Politics in Bringing About
His Nomination.
LONG KNIVES OUT FOR HENRY.
Two Factions Make Charges
and Counter Charges ;ol
Treachery.
BRYANITES AT
WAR IN SANTA
CLARA COUNTY
WYATT H. ALLEN MARRIES
MISS ALYSSE LATHAM
Wedding Ceremony Takes Place in Ross Valley's
Ivy-Clad Episcopal Church.
•WTTATT H. ALLEN AND MISS ALYSSE LATHAM, PRINCIPALS IN A
PRETTY WEDDING AT ROSS VALLEY.
(From photographs by""Alisky.)
3
Almost everybody who reads the news-
papers is sure to know of the wonderful
ij | ; £n , cures made by Dr.
J — T^zr-dtf \i Kilmer's Swamp-Root,
£ \yj-^ft* I the great kidney, liver
D pr%7/ • li and bla^der remedy.
J U ir^SI L" II is thc medi-
"* 41 T S§ cal °i the nine-
\VJ_\ i;jf tccnt h century; dis-
vf^^r — — ! ' '• covere - aficr years cf
i^'lF^F < *^c-v : i scientific research by
•y . r "^S^s Dr - Kilmer - . th « *mH
fl. __ R>wT. " neni kidney and Mad-.
m^—~Z&~- = >- ¦ ¦ d sr specialist, and is
wonderfully successful in promptly curing
lame back, kidney, bladder, eric acid trou^
bles and Brightls Disease, which is the worst
form of kidney trouble.
Dr. Kilmer's Swamp-Root is not rec-
ommended for everything but if you have kid-
ney, liver or bladder trouble it v/ill be found
Just the remedy you need. 1 1 has been tested
in so many ways, in hospital work, in private
practice, among the helpless too poor ta pur-
chase relief and has proved so successful in
every case that a special arrangement b.33
been made by which all readsrp of this paper
who have not already tried it, . may have a
sample bottle sent free by mail, also a book
telling more about Swamp-Root and how to
find out if you have kidney cr bladder trouble.
When writing mention reading this generous
offer .in this paper and f^L"" *- — .
send your address to |Sfi'Ih»i2l»^W r l2s5&
Dr. Kilmer &Co.,Bing- g^pHlHHi^3
hamton. N. Y. The eSs 3£3i|kug|ga
regular fifty cent and Home of srnuap-Root.
dollar sizes are sold by all pood druggists.
Kidney Trouble Makes You Mlscrallc
DO YOU GET UP
WITH A LAME BACK?
ADVEiRTTSEJffENTS.
LOS ANGELES. Oct. 3.— At a meeting of the
Council of Labor held to-nlgrht It vai unani-
mously resolved to extend the united moral
and financial aid of the council *o •>>• striking
Electrical Workers' Union.
. If a wor-an is physicsttv miserable
and mentally unhappy, the child she
bears will, in face and form, as well as,
in disposition, reflect her own condi-
tion. Everj- woman who anticipates
motherhood ought to think of this and
be a fairy godmother to her own child,
'. endowing it with health, beauty, and a
happy disposition.
The. mental misery of the prospective
inother is in general the result of her
physical condition. She is nervous, her
appetite fails,, she- >cfc\.
cannot .sleep. Re- -jffi&B&Zh
store her appetite, |§b1h&^P
quiet her nerves
¦and giye*her sleep 'TiJ'^-pL* ""v
and she becomes a
new woman. r*
. « It has made -4 fFf&^yrJ
j:ew woman of ne," M^T^'
is the constant tes- Jtf K~^J
timony of women . /y \\ J
who have used Dr. y-~^. *^^
Pierce's. Favorite " *~<fJpQ..
Prescription. It . vSt&?J3il<f2&
tranquihzes • the ¦ ¦ "^Bp'm^
nerves, -encourages rf*| ¦ k
the appetite and X_jt * V
' induces refreshrng /^\ s~*% mm *
tleej>. It e.statnZl '\\ \~j -0T
lishcs segularity.r' -/V^^
dries weakening v^p*
¦drains, heals in*. • ; ".*:-"
flurtiniation and ulceration and ceres
female weakness: : 'U^-v.:H'-'-lk^
¦ * iJuring the first ratmth, when I looked fqr-
vrard to maternity 1 1 could not keep ' anything
on riiT Slonaach." writes Mrs. H. C Anderson, of
Scrath Britain. New Haven Co.,-Conn.' "Was so
"weal: -that I went to bed on the. aSth of June and
ttevrr got up till the- first of August I tried
: diSfcr-iit doctors, but with little benefit .1 read
about nsanv bring helped bv using your medi-
cine:, «o I Oioujfht I -would five it a trial. I be-
pa to tate vour * Favorite Prescription ' in Jfo-
veraiber. aad- I had a nice, little Dabv girl in
'.February f owowing: .. My baby weighed over
rijrht poond*". I was only* ill' for about one hour, '
end got alobg nicely daring confinement Was
' upspnd-dtewcdoa the eighth. day. I never had
the doctor with me at all: jn-t the nurse and one
or two friends. -" My fciends thought I was sick »
.v*rr«bort tiriie. This makes mv second child.
. With the first one I did not. take 'Favorite Pre-
scription.* ' The .Tittle one lived hist about two
months, and »Vie was tick all the time. This
last i>abv is as plump and healthy as any mother.
could wish." - . - "
Dr. Piercc's Pellets care constipation.
SB. KILMEK'S SWAMP SOOT.
ff a , , , 49^^^
A good made=to= IS^W
measure suit for feis^f
o k jiflll iSIf liiSl v
: ' II ' (11
. Our new fall line of |j;?"" j'li'!;! i { '/¦!¦&' It
cloth has arrived in large I w U j |l J;;; ¦ ,j J ;, i Wy(hj {S
quantities, and ' we are \M\\ is^MI-; ' Ilf
ready to show you the if! j ! , : i I ip4^
very latest patterns. || S IP?
Samples freely siven fff!|j llSlIwBS^''
to prove the quality of j, f LlH j? W ]| t £
the cloth. • |j fji \H iili in
Our willingness to re- II 1) jffl \j | 1 '
¦urn your money for dis-' Vr W \m ¦ \H t jj j ¦ |*
saisfaction proves, the V vj W |ii I I .
quality of the workman- \1 j^ | ji .. 'j'j ) $, |
Ou(-of-town orders filled — h: • t! j V»i, .
write for samples and self- L :j 1 • h ) \
msasur/ng blank. \ \ j|| . • %\ ¦ \
718 JVTarkct Ctrcct and $)v| a| (p \ \
Ccr. Powell and fcddy Sts. WyiW 5k1«v S. The Mayor yesterday appointed Jamea
¦W.':.\Valton poundkeeper ; of the - city and
county pursuant to the provisions of an
ordinance passed by the Board of Super
visors. The term of the poundkeeper Is
to be at the pleasure of the* board. Wal
ton Is- the present poundkeeper and. has
served for about one year.
Walton Appbinted'Pouridkeeper.
Races and Baseball at San Andreas
SAN ANDREAS. Oct. 3.-The third an
nual fair of the Thirty-ninth Agricultural
District opened here to-day. The match
baseball game between Calaveras and San
Andreas was won by the former. Score
9 to 5. The racing summary follows:
Half-rrile heat*, trotting; county horses;
purre J, 5— Stonewall Jackson won. isal Scroe
i»!n« iArnn/1
Flve-elphthf of a mile, running, free-for-all
rune Sioo-Mi™ Dividend won. Sister Llrzie
second.
nunninp. for county horses, half mile; puree
$7J— Dor*ey won. Sloteor second.
Running, free-for-all, five and a half fur
longs; purse }125— Isabel won, Skirmfeh sec
ond.
JTTDOE COFFEY'S ORDER
OBEYED BY RANDLETT
Full Price Paid for Markham Estate
Realty and Agent Denied
a. Fee.
Edwin A. Ra'ndlett of the' real estate
firm of R. D. Judd & Co. has adjusted his
standing before Judge Coffey after hav
ing been Indirectly lined $50 by the court
for his act In concealing the true amount
bid by Ellen Dunn for the realty of the
John J. Markham estate. Judge Coffey
ordered Randlett to appear In court yes
.terday morning and pay the difference
between Mrs. Dunn's bid and that of -his
¦wife, Mary A. Randlett. The difference
was $250. Both Randlett and Mrs. Dunn
appeared In court In compliance with the
order. Mrs. Dunn advanced the neces
sary $250 and the sale of the' property was
then confirmed to her. Randlett had been
allowed a commission of $50 for securing a
bidder for the property. Judge Coffey or
dered him to make restitution forthwith.
Randlett handed over the $50 with some
show of regret. Judge Coffey Informed
him that he might consider himself fortu
nate in that more severe punishment was
not visited upon him. Randlett' did not
reply.
BECKER CHARGED WITH
MALICIOUS MISCHIEF
The Ex-Supervisor Accused of Throw
ing a Bootblack Stand Into
. \ the Street.
Ex-Supervisor D. Becker, who has a
grocery at Sutter and Leavenworth
streets, appeared In Judge Fritz's" court
yesterday aa the defendant In a. malicious
mischief case. The complaining wit
ness is Dominlco Casella, a bootblack liv
ing at 11 Union place.
¦ Casella testified that he had a bootblack
Will Run Agrdnst Time.
SCEW YORK. Oct. 3.— At Gutter.burg
track*. to-morrow. Max Long "will try {-,
itMabliFh a "new world's record for thfl
qunrter-mile straightaway run. I^st Sat
urday, at Travers Island Long eolips^i a! 1
previous performances.- by running a
quarter .of a mile on an oval track In
th^' phenomenal time of 45 4-5 seconds
\As* he Is in Fplemlld. condition he is ex
.jwcttsd.to beat Wendeil Raker's ptraJeht
awa T record of C% seconds, made at
Ueacon Park, Boston, thirteen years ago
Parker and Gans Matched.
DEN\ER. Oct. 3.-Kid Parker and Joe
Gans.were matched to-day to fight far
tbe: lightweight championship at 113
pounds., between November lo and De
c-erribfr 1. cither In Colorado or Califor
r.fo. before the club offering the latest
tuin=c-. or • percentage. Each man posted
fe>? as a forfeit and both agreed upon
DEMANDS REGISTERED
AGAINST ST. MARY'S FUND
Finance Committee Denies Petition
to Establish an Emergency Hos
pital in the Park.
Cyril Williams, expert of the Finance
Committee, filed a report yesterday with
the Board of Supervisors, In which he
states that the amount of demands regis
tered In the City Treasurer's office is ?101,
21S. The demands outstanding and un
paid to June SO, 1900, as per the Auditor's
books, amount to $103,968 S6, the difference
being accounted for by unregistered de
mands. The only money on hand to pay
these demands is the St. Mary's Park
fund of $123,000 which Is held Intact by
Treasurer Hrooks until the decision of the
Supreme Court Is rendered on an appeal
from Superior Court decisions that the
fund may be used to pay other demands
against the city. Should the money be
made available to pay the * registered de
mands there will be a surplus of over $20,
(XK) in the city funds of. the last fiscal year.
The Finance Committee reported against
the petition of the Point Lobos Improve
ment Club requesting that an emergency
hospital be placed In Golden Gate Park,
because there are no funds available for
the purpose.
thirteen days after the firm was authorized
to do the work. The work wa» given to the
firm without competition, thereby violating a
provision of the charter.
In conclusion I would recommend that the
Board of Publtr Works be requested hereafter
to comply Ftrictiy with the charter provisions
in the awarding: of contracts, an.l that the
Hoard of Supervisors does not Indorse Its
course In performing an act first and R?ttln&
permission afterward.
The Board of Public Works has directed
Secretary Park to advertise for proposals
to reconstruct the stone curbs and basalt
block pavement on Fourth street, between
Harrison and Howard, except that por
tion required to be kept In order by the
street railway company. Proposals are
also to be invited for the construction of
an earth till and a concrete and brick cul
vert at the crossing of Nineteenth avenue
and Trocadero gulch, including the mac
adamizing of the. roadway and sidewalks
of Nineteenth nvenue. Tho board award
ed the contract for laying bitumlnus pave
ment in the court yard of the Hall of
Justice to Flynn & Treacy for 10 7-8c per
square foot.
Architect Mooser states that the thea
ters and other public buildings will be
unable to comply with the provisions of
a proposed ordinance requiring the instal
lation of automatic sprinklers as a tire
precaution. The Spring Valley Water
Company will decline to place five-Inch
mains in the buildings, and to be suc
cessfully operated the sprinklers must
connect with mains of that size. The
company win continue to supply two-Inch
mains in all buildings.
Will Appoint Four More Teachers Regard
less of Chronological Order.,
The Hoard of Edurition has decided to
establish four additional classes In schools
which are overcrowded. Resolutions will
bo adopted at next Wednesday's meeting
assigning Mis« A. E. Sutherland to tho
Haight Primary and Miss M. II. Slavan to
the Iiuena Vista Primary School. Two
ether classes will be established in the
Everett and South End schools, but
Chairman Mark t=ays that the teachers
have not y«?t been selected. Notwithstand
ing- the boar.Vs announced Intention to
adhere to the priority cf service plan Jn
promotion of teachers it will be seen by
a comparison of the following official eli
gible list of substitute teachers that tiie
chronological crder has not been fol
lowed in the proposed appointment or
Miss Slavan and Miss Sutherland:
Teacher— Date of Election Into Dept.
MIbs M. A. Harrlftan September 12. 1S71
Miss M. H. Slavan April 22. 1873
Mrs- J D Cooper February 11, lS.a
Mi?ei A. E. Little Audi 2. 1&S1
M'hs A 1C. .Sutherland December K 1SS4
Mrs. B. Holme? November 7. 1W
Miss M C MeKlnney November 7, 1SS8
Mrs. H. U. Ftecle February 27, lS'Jo
MUM J. Frank December 28, 1S9G
Mrs. I. V. llneves February 10, 1S37
Miss M. BalUe June <¦>, 1^7
Miss Genevleve Carroll June it. 1M7
Miss Lucille OConnell June 9, 1SM7
Mrs. M. K. Miel July 2S. 1«>7
Mins May O'Hrien August 11, 189.
Miss V. Casaidj August 11. I8»i
Miss L. Smlthson September 8,
It will be observed, that Miss Harrl
gan's original appointment antedates thai
of Miss Slavan and Miss Cooper's and
Miss Little's that of Miss Sutherland.
When asked as to this palpable evasion
of the chronological order Mark took re
fuge bahind the resolution adopted by tha
board at its last meeting, in which ad
verse reports riled by principals are hold
to be sufficient cause fur violation of the
only just method of promoting teachers.
Mark then said that the reason why Mrs.
Cooper hud been overlooked was because
of her advanced age and that Mrs. Har
rigan was not selected because her prin
cipal had filed charges against her which
consisted mainly of alleged lack of disci
pline.
Superintendent Webster said yesterday
that every teacher who Is ignored In tho
matter of chronological order has cause
for legal action against the board. The
decision of Judge Hunt, who reinstated
K. H. Mitchell as a teacher in the Low
ell High School, makes the point that a
teacher cannot be dismissed by the aboli
tion of a position which Is recreated and
another teacher assifjne-d to it whoc-e
election to the department was subsequent
to that of the displaced teacher.
Chairman Mark says that plans are be-
Iiir formulate! by the board for the In
auguration of tho civil service system In
the election of new teachers. It is in
tended to subject them to an examination
in all elementary subjects. They will then
be elected In the department according
to their standing.
- "It Is our intention," says Mark rlalvely.
"to eliminate every possibility of politi
cal or personal influence in the election of
teachers."
Mark also expresses himself in favor
of the movement, on the part of Superin
tendent Webster to enforce the compul
sory education law. While he says the
law in its present state is inoperative he
believes that tho appointment of compe
tent attendance ofllcers may do much to
Insure the sending of a larpe percentage
of the 19,000 children who do not attend
any school.
WORKS BOARD ACTED ;/ ; ;
WITHOUT AUTHORITY
Did Not. Invite Bids for Photograph
Gallery Framework and Appro
priation May Be Cut. >
Supervisor McCarthy, to whom the
board referred the matter of the con
struction of tho photograph gallery in
the Hall cf Justice; for which the Board
of Works requested an authorization to
expend $3500, filed his report yesterday.
McCarthy recommends that the Sppro
prlation be cut to $3000. He states that
he submitted tho plans, and specifications
for the work to competent authority for
an estimate of cost, which was placed at
$2535, in addition to the cost of the mcjal
frame, amounting to $340. i which - has | al
ready been constructed. . , The . ; report,
which is somewhat caustic, contains the
following:
The estimate of the .Ralston Iron Works as
to the coat $t said framing submitted .to the
Board or Works waa dated September 1 17. or
EDUCATION BOARD IGNORES
PRIORITY OF SERVICE RULE
Close Margins.
BROOKLYN'S WINNING DAY.
Takes Two Games From Boston by
STANDING OF THE CLUBS.
Clubs— W. L. Pet. : Clubs— W. L. Pet
Brooklyn ....79 52 .603 Chicago 63 69 .477
Fittsburg ...74 57 .56.') St. Louis 59 72 .430
Philadelphia 70 62 .530 Cincinnati ..53 72 .4.V)
Boston 65 06 .496 New York. ...56 78 .«4
• BOSTON, Oct. 3.— Brooklyn took both games
to-day. The second came was called at the
end of the seventh Inning: on account of dafk
n>*s. Attendance. 1200. . Score, first game:
Clubs— ' . R. H. K.
Boston : 4 8 2
Brooklyn 6 7 2
flatteries-Lewis and Sullivan; Yeager and
Farrell. I'mplre— Hurot.
Score, second game:
Cl-jbs- r>. n E
Boston 492
Brooklyn -^ 5 S 2
Batteries— Dineen and Connor; Kennedy and
McOuire. Umpire— Hum.
PHILADELPHIA] Oct. 3.— Philadelphia won
by a batting- rally In the ninth, three singles
and a double yieldlne ryree runs. Attendance
ill gcor?:"
Clubs— h/ jj £
Philadelphia 5' 12 i
New York 4 jq 2
Batteries— Orth and Douglass; Hawley and
Grady. Umpire— Snyder.
CINCINNATI, Oct. 3.-Both sides were forced
to change pitchers in the third inning. Young,
however, fallinp to stop the hittinjj. Attend
ance, 250. Score:
Clubs— R H E
Cincinnati 12 16 2
St- I»u»B 8 11 3
Hatterles— Newton. Phillips and Kahoe; row
ell, loung and Ci-lsser. Umpire— Emslte.
Joe Patchen' Wins.
ST. LOTTIS. Oct. 3.— Twenty thousand
people attended the fair grounds princi
pally to witness the $2000 match race be
tween Joe Patchen and Coney. The two
famous parers were vociferously applaud
ed when they appeared on the track driv
en by John Dickerson and Myron Mc-
Henry. After live false breaks the pacers
were sent away In the llrst heat. Patchen
took the lead at the stable turn and led
by a length to the half-mile post, when
Coney crowded to the front and lefj to
the betting ring, tohen Patchen came on
and won easily by a length. The second
heat was practically a repetition of the
first. Time, 2:05 and 2:04»i.
Shutting Out Professionalism.
Special Dispatch to The Call
STANFORD UNIVERSITY, Oct. 3.—
The faculty athletic committee Is mak
ing sure that no taint of professionalism
shall creep Into athletics at Stanford. A
letter from the chairman, G. M. Richard
son, has been received by Manager Glld
ersleeve, forbidding the privilege of the
training table to any player who has not
paid his board for a week In advance.
Should any member of the squad fail to
live up to the rule his name will Immedi
ately be dropped from the list of eligible
candidates. This Is the first time any
such rule was enforced In a "Western col
lege. • .-AZiSP, '''-V---~
Iowa 10, Philadelphia 2.
THE baseball team of the battle
ship Iowa turned its battery yes
terday afternoon full upon the
Philadelphia nine and shattered
it to pieces. After two hours of
close range fighting the nine able seamen
of the cruiser were pent below to the sur
geon. They were filled full of holes, all
their gloved armor, breastplates and
masks availing naught against the big
gun fire from the battleship tars. The
Iowa team Is now champion of the Pacific
squadron.
It was an uneven contest from the fir-
Ing of the first gun. just such a struggle
as comos out of a meeting between a bat
tleship and a cruippr. "Fireman" Smith,
who was In the box for the "Phlllios."
liPtPd his curves too much to port or star
board «nd repeatedly sent the Iowas to
the hags on four balls. Then again the
Iowa team proved impregnable to the hot
shot of the "Phillies' " guns. At the out
set of the game Iowa's men steamed
around the bags four times without any
return damage. In the fourth inning
Cox, the centerfielder of the cruiser, shot
a hot liner to the windward of Oelgprer,
second baseman for the Iowas, and made
two bases before the leather ammunition
landed. Poor infield marksmanship gave
him a run.
The "jackios" from the Philadelphia
lined up four deep In the "beer cage"
made a Hobson of Cox then and thore.
Next time he came to the bat he was
toasted In foaming yellow, but the dia
mond deck was slippery in spots and Cox
could not reach a safe place before he
was put out of the fight.
In the sixth inning Philadelphia was hit
by a hurricane jot runs. Before getting
to leeward the scorer rang four bells and
all retired to give the Iov/a band a chance
to play "You're up against the real thing
now."
Just before the Philadelphia sank there
was some heroic work done midships. A
single "Philly" crossed the plate, making
the score read 10-2.
This is the way the teams lined up:
Inwa. Positions. Philadelphia.
Morrison Oatr h»r Stewart
Pedalahover TMtcher Smith
Llsowsky Kirst base -. ..Dodd
CreiKRer Second base Hawkins
Walker Third base NIskern
Tv>nt Short Rtop Meeks
Karrell Left field McDonald
Melleri Center field Cox
Hurd Right field Meyer
Cruiser's Baseball Team Goes Down in Defeat
Before the Battleship's Battery of Stars.
LEXINGTON, Ky.. Oct. 3.-An Interest-
Ins card drew a large crowd to the sec
ond day's races held here urlder the aus
pices of the Kentucky Horse Breeders
Association. The futurity for two-year
olds, purse £K)00. was won by L. V. Hark
ness' Walnut Hill. This was the third
race in live In the first two days of the
meeting won by horses from the Walnut
Hill stock farm, the purses aggregating
$22,000. Prlola in the futurity was a strong
favorite and was played heavily, but h«
made several breaks in the Hrst two
heats and was distanced in the third.
In the 2:12 pace Gamboy won in straight
heats, lone being picked as the favorite
at odds of 2 to 10.
Arch W was a big favorite In the 2:12
trot, but was not In the raclnp in any
heat. Summary:
Futurity, tu-o-year-olds; purse $.100*)— Walnut
Hill won the second and third heats, each in
2:20V». llary P. Leyburn won the first heat in
2:21. Jay McGregor, Jack Roche, Priola and
Grace Arlincton also started.
2:12 class, pacing; purse »10<w>— Gamboy won
three straight heats In »:08%. 2:0S»». »::0S«».
Balmy L.. Vesper. lone. Kex. Lord Simral.
Scapegoat. Sapphire. Fred M. Wilkie Redbuck
and lti'.ma also started.
2:12 class, trotting; purse $15<K>— Georganna
won third, fourth and fifth heats In 2:W«i.
2:NHi, 2 11. Lamp Girl won the first and second
heats In 2:09, 2:X0 1 *. Edwin B. Onward Suver.
Chain Shot, Max OWtt. Iris O, Maggie An
derson, Maggie Medium. R.-d June, Senator K.
Arch W. Major Greer and PhilorideB also
started.
WINNERS ALT, VTELT, BACKED.
Results in the Various Events at
Morris Park.
NEWV YORK. Oct. 3.— Well-backed
horses won the various events at Morris
Park to-day. Results:
Autumn hurdle, two i.ille»— Klondike won.
Ben Kder second The Burlington Route third.
Time, 3:44.
Five furlongs— Lady Uncas won. Ills Royal
Highness second. Gold Lace third. Time. :53.
Hurricane stakes, five furlongs, selling—Tem
pleton won. Basuto second. Sweet Tooth third.
Time. :59.
Six and a half furlongs— Servllla won. Gold
Heels second, iJriscoIl third. No time.
One mile— Templar won. The Black Scott
second. Fatalist . third. Time, 1:43.
One mile, selling— Godfrey won. Dolando sec
ond Brisk third. Time. 1:41.
Results at Buffalo.
BUFFALO, Oct. 3.-Kesults:
Six and a half furlongs. selllnE-Sllver Gar
ter won IMllardist second. Gold Lack third.
Time. 1:22.
Five furlongs, selling— Khaki won. Princess
Mai second. Custodian third. Time, 1:02.
One mile and a sixteenth— PtF Flortan won,
L«ft Bower second. Lady of the West third.
Time, 1:47*;.
Five furlongs", selling— Bramblebush won.
Queen's Lady second, Warranted third. Time,
1:03^.
Six furlong*, soiling— Annie Lauretta won,
Prince Zeno second, Palvado third Time,
1:15^4.
Five and a half furlongs — Violent won. Nancy
Till second, Jennie third. Time. l:0*u,.
Winners at Kinloch Park.
ST. LOUIS, Oct. 3.— Results at Klnloch
Park:
Pellins. six and a half furlongs — Cterp won.
fillers second. Revenue third. Time, 1:23H.
Selling, six furlongs— Blger won, Stella
Berkeley srcoml. Uelsatte third. Time, 1:15.
Four and a half furlongs — Orleans won. Miss
Aubrey second. Monos third. Time. :54H-
Selting, seven furlongs — Sevoy won, Omdur
man second. Bean tWr«l. Tim*-, 1:27*4.
Helling, six and a half furlongs— Maydlne
won. DoblaHe second. El Ghor third. Time,
1:22. ¦
yelling-, one and a quarter mile* — tlr'-yfonfe
won. Kitty Clyde second. Omelia third. Ti-.ne,
2:u$'4.
The Card at Hawthorne.
CHICAGO, Oct. 3.— Results at Haw
thorne:
Four and a half furlong*— Port Wine won,
Watita second, Maud Gonne third. Time, :55Vt.
Seven furlongs— Goalrunner won, Dagmar
second. Highland Lad third. Time. 1:27^.
Five and a half furlongs — Fancy Wood
won, Silurian second, Barbara M third. Time.
l:07!i.
One mile, selling— Aurea won. Sir Kingston
second. Knieht Banneret third. Time. 1:41* 4 .
One mile and "0 yards — Precursor won. The
Unknown second. Found third. Time. 1:44*4.
One and a sixteenth miles, selllnfc — Kberhart
won. Hill Garrett second, La Goleta third.
Time. 1:47^.
Winners of Ventura Races.
Special Dispatch to The Ca
VEXTl'RA, Oct. 3.— The races this
afternoon were attended by less than 1000
spectators. Only one favorite won. Sum
mary:
Trottlnjr. 2:20 class, purse »23<V— Ben Corbett
won. Charlie D second. Almonda third. Best
time. 2:22H.
Farmers' race, purse 1100— Roy W won. Bay
Wood second, Clipper third. Best time, 2:33.
Bay Wood won the first two heats and Roy
Runnlne. . all ages, half mile and repeat,
purse $150 — Jennie Glbb won. Caatellar second.
Best time. :49. .'- j-. ..- t . .
Reiff Pilots Three Winners.
LONDON. Oct. 3.— At the Leicester Oc
tober meeting to-day Johnny RelfC rodt>
the winning" horse In the three following
races: The Gopsall Plate handicap, one
and a half miles, on An Anxious Moment;
the Auction Nursery handicap, five fur
longs, on R. McCreery's Betty Badge,
and the Camp selling handicap, six fur
longs, on Kugie. Dahnv Maher had the
mount on Garter Knight, which finished
first in a maiden two-year-old plate of 100
sovereigns at five furlongs.
Excellent Card at Meet of
the Kentucky Breeders'
Association.
Gamboy Takes the 2:12 Class Pace in
Straight Heats Over lone,
Who Was Picked as V
Favorite.
WALNUT HILL
WINS FUTURITY
DAIRY MAID WINS.
BY CLEVER WORK
Beats Miss Penman Easily
in Midweek Stake at
Union Park.
Long Coursing in Which Short Ends
Make Good Showing — For
Freedom Is In-
The midweek reserve stafce at Union
I'nrk yesterday resulted in the heaviest
scoring event uf the season. Owing to the
strotiK condition of the hares the winner
in ii^urly every course was given a hard
test of speed and endurance. Relief dogs
wore in evidence and In the third
rot:nd four of the contestants were with
drawn on accor.rt of punishing runs.
Dairy Meld' won the deciding course,
with Miss Fcnrran. a 5 to '3 favorite, as
runner-up. The winner certainly .dis
played great pameneas and staying quall
t(rs and linlshed the stake In a course all
over the" Meld. In her runs with Sleigh
IteMs, Mi:-s Skyrocket and Sweet Faver
dale the Maid was led in each event, but
kept on t fie 'game and outworked her ou
poncnts. Her total *core footed up l J9
points to 23 against her. ," .
. Shon. ends made a good showing, beat
int; the favorites In eighteen events at av
crace Rood o<l«ts. A good course for the
l<ikers was that brtwoen Our Magjjle and
.Ma. c t»r Davonport. Maggie was led from
the start and her opponent «lid all the
work until she jolnfcl in and shut him out
fr>>m further scoring in a lnnj; race around
the lot. Maggie was on the short end at
1» to 1. At the same price Hartford Lass
beat Evtrshore by outworking him after
overcoming a long lead.
In the forenoon I'or Freedom In a try
out with Fiery Pace rm-t with nn accident
which will Incapacitate that unfortunate
hound for some time. rilipp**d to a short
hare Freedom ted his opponent a good
four lenRths and took two turns Sud
denly he showed distress and relief dogs
were turned loose to end the course. An
examination showed that For Freedom
had broken a toe. This will prevent the
expected meeting with fast Palo Alto.
The day's results, with Judge John
Grace's offlolnl scores, follow:
Vnion Park. Midweek Ptak". first round—
Frwm & Lyons' Silver Lynn beat H. B. Rob
ben's Dlxon M«ld. 24-0; E. Dougherty's Hart
t< rd Ijiss beat Sterl & Knowles' Wag. 7-4: T.
<"<>orey's Modesty beat T. J. Cronin's IVpend
<n Me, lk-fi; J. Kennoiy's Evorshore beat J.
Byrnes' Olympus, 1l'-4; T. Kenny's May Boy
beat F. Brown's Tammany, t>-7: (Wnrge Sliar
mu'l Miss Skyrocket beat II. • B. Robben's
Dlxon Boy. 6-0; R. E. de li. Lopez's Dairy
Mai'l beat J. L. Ross" Wautauph, 14-0; R. K.
<le B. I>i;>e2's Weribee beat J. J. Edmonds 1
Whisky Hill. 6-3; W. C. <il(if.«.->n-s Flei K h Bells
l>c-p.t F. Brown's Alma, 10-0: O. Zahl's Miss
Wilsnn beat SchafTer Bros.' Thundertx)lt. 14-12:
T. Cooney's Sweet Fsverd?le l*at Chlarini
Bros.' Br\ss Button, 3-1: Chiarlnl Bros.' Bun
oo Bill beat J Byrnes' Master Bly. 4-1; J.
Hr Men's Scottish Chief beat Jeff Martenett's
Slim. 12-4; F. Jnn»f' Tom Hurlick beat T. J.
•<Vr>nin'*= Rose of Tralee. 2S-S; J. Smith's Mas
ter Workman be.u K. liousherty's Sprlnpfleld
Boy, M>; A. Johnson's Tod Sloan beat G.
Welch's Little Lucy. 6-4; F. t-chou's SmuKRler
i>^at .1. r. Thrift's The Jester. CS-2; O /.ahl^
Miss Allen l*»at J. P. Thrift's Treasure, lf-3;
Sterl & Knowles' Amarosa. a live: Pnsha Ken
nels' Round About beat T. J.* (.Vonln's Maid
of Bail. 10-5; O. Zahl's Tony Bowers beat J. J.
Edmonds' Go On. 1,'.-12; J. O. I^iw.l's Erin's
Hnj* beat W. Creamer's Onward. 4-2; T.
Patters.. n's Our Mairgie beat H. Italy's Alice
V-.irean. 3S-O; Captain Canes Master Davenport
beat R. E. de B. Lopez's Diablo. 10-2:
.1. II. W. Muller'n Cruiser tx>at Crtarint Bros.'
Palmyra. 8-2; P. Cronin's Lear KinK lx»at R. K
de B. I^iiiez's Warripn. 14-:,; a. Vandorberjf's
'Vpi>erhead beat A. Johnson'*: Bald Eaitle. 4-1 :
l-\ ScIkiu'f l^ady GVnkirk beat K. T>ouKherty's
Tlirlma, 10-3; P. SteinhofTs Veto beat I'apha
Kennels' Rollicking Airs. 4-2; Captain Cane's
Uiai Penman beat J. M. Ptillwells EpmeraMa.
.'.-4; T. J. Crcnln's Vixen beat R. E. de b!
l»pets Sweetness, 20-l4: George MrDoujtal's
(Vlonel Lopez beat F. Brown's Village Belle,
10-2.
Second round— Hartford Lass beat Silver
Lynn. 6-0; Kvershore beat Modssty ',-?,- Sky
r<fket b«at May Boy. 6-0; Dairy Uatd beJit
Sleigh Bells, 14-9; Miss Wilson boat Wrribee
2:'-«: Sweet Faverdale beat Bunco Bill 5-0-
Tom Ilnrliek beat Scr,tt;.=h Cliief 1«-S- Master
Workman beat Tod J<:oan. 17-12; Miss Allen bfat
Bmngcier, 3s-l; Poun.l About 'beat Aman.ua
12-S; Krin's Hor^-heat Tory Bowers. 22-;,; Our
Magpie beat Master Davenport. 13-9; Cruiser
!>e.-it Lr-ar Kinr. 14-7; Lauy Olenkirk Ixat < - op
per^ead. 21-7; Miss Penman beat Veto 3S-3-
Colonel txoez beat Vixen. Ig-H.
Third rovr..J-Hortfor«l Lass beat Evershorp
Iiairy MaM beat Mi.«s Skypn-ket. 1-3- Sweot
Fuverriale. a bye; Tcm Hurllrk be.lt Mastt'r
\\ nrkman. 6-4; Round About, a by»; £1 .n s
Hope, a live: I^ady Olenkirk beat Cruiser 88-11:
Miss IVnman. a bye.
*ourtn mund— Dairy Maid beat Hartford
Lui/22.2; Sweet Foverdale beat Tom Hurllrk.
V2-2; Round About beat Knn's Hope 22-r Him
lVkman bent I^ady Glenkirk. 24-0
Fifth roun.l— l>airj- Maid beat Sweet Faver
dale. 7-5; Miss Penman b~at Round About.
I«eciding course— Dairy Ma!d beat Miss Pen
man, 3S-4. ._'
NINETY-SIX HOUNDS
WILL COXTRSE AT UNION
Number of Stake Winners Entered
and Good Sport Is Promised
in Many Rounds.
Ninety-six dogs were entered In .the
open stake which will be run at Union
Park Saturday and Sunday. Many stake
winners will be found among them and
the coursing promises some good sport
The draw which took place last night
resulted aa follows:
Oj.<-n s-takp. % entries-Curtis & Son's Shadow
vf. J. U Koss- Wild Wave; Rucsell. Allen &
Wllaon'ft Victor Hoy vs. F. Cooney'n Modesty;
Ou«-t!s & Son's Old Glory vs. L. F Harteis"
Bf*r IJrew»r; A. .lohnson'e Bald Eagle vs. j.
hnuih's Master AVorknian; Kusfell Allen &
Wilson's Streyaway vs. E. M. Kellogg's Kid
McCoy: P. J. Kellly-B Royal Union vs. J. J
Edmonds Go On; E. Dorrety's Hartford Lass
r 3 ' Jl',"*"' 15 '" Twln Cltv Glrl = Russell. Allen
& \\ icon's W*-ddlne Bells vp. J. Carroira
Auckland; Tafha Kennrli>- Roundabout vs
I'aaha Kennels 1 I<pst Assured; F. W. Bartels"
Betsy Baron vs. A. Johnson's Mountain Beauty-
Curtis k Son'n Psyche vs. P. Doyle'F Mberator-
A^npid Kennels' Achillp* vs. J. Holden's Scot
tish chief: R. k. de n. i»r>ez & so n -B c »-- ra
ford lle-x vb. J. Kennedy's Kver Shore: J I]
Ivrigo'H Iiche vs. H. A. I>t-kelman's I>ri
Klrby; Russell. Allen & Wilson's Scotland Yet
ra. N. Dunlevy's Erin; D. Toland's Plo.i*ant
Girl vb. J. Moriaritys Klttleman; Ruyseli.
Allen & Wilson'K Belle Claire vs. J. p ThrWt'8
Forget: J. J. Edmond'e Whisky nil) vs J
Hood'B Lady Geraldlne; R. L. Taylor's Beauty
Fpot vs. I>. Reiliy'B Lady Grannard; Maher &
Reid's Bad Boy. v». R. M. KelloRp's Iowa Maid-
Parha Kennf-ls' Gold Xuiteet vs. Pa*ha Ken
n«!s- Fiery Fare; P. ReUly'u Master Mac vs
J. Byrnes* Macter Bly: II. A. IX»ckelman-»
Snapshot V!>. Pa»h» Kennels' Random Aim- \
Van d*r Burgh'* Copi>erhead vf. Cur
tl* & Son> McKlnley; Pasha Kennels'
May HempMead vs. L. F. Bartcls'
Banner Bright; R. K. de B. Ix>pez A Son's
Diablo vs. P. Jackson'* Golden Unmet: Chl
arini Bros.' Brass Buttons vs. J. B.vrne'n Olym
pus; J. P. Thrift's Ft. Michael vs." Pasha Ken
nels' Royal Anno; Curtis & Sons' Cash vs F
Zhou's Klnp's Borderer; R. K. de B. Lopez
& Son's Sara vs. Russell, Allen & Wilson's
Spiteful; J. Carroll's Master Cloir rs. Captain
Cl»rk»on's Golden Garter: Aeneld Kennels'
Aeneas vs. P. R»Uly'* Expense; p. J. Relllv-s
V.arshir> vs. W. Kalper's Richard: P. J. R,"u
ly's Honesty vs. Invln & Lyon's Silver Wings-
Strrl & Knowles' Amarosa vs. W. Cairn's lm
?'rial; J. Mortality'* Sr.apr*r Garrison vs. F
F. Jones" \Vedjrewoo<1 : J. Putton's Master
I.aurenre vs. P.u«.-ell. Allen & Wilson's Talk to
Me: TIarrican & Wieand-f overture vs. Rus
sell, Allen & Wilson's Flrftfoot; J. J. Kennv's
Hot Haste vs. H. A. Deckelman's Belle Rocket*
I •'Brno's Cora Pearl vs. Pasha Kennels'
Metallic; Jeff Martinetfs Slim vs. Curtis &
feons Echo; E. M. K-Hokk'* Iowa Boy vs. T
J. ITerr-lnKton-i! Southern Girl: E. M. Kellone's
Ben s 3abe vs. ChJarlnl Bros.* Bunco Bill; Cur
ls A- Pons Vanity Fair vs. J. H. W. Muller's
Qnriaer: Pasha Kennels' Real Lassie vs. A*:
noli K.nnels" Aeramemnon; W. Kaiser's Royal
Prlre vk. J Morlaritj-s Jimmle Anthonv
lasha KenneiH' Ko iilcklnc Airs xm. Russeil.
Allen 4 \\ llson-s Castaway.
IOWA HAS TOO MANY GUNS
FOR PLUCKY PHILADELPHIA
stand In front of Becker's store. Sep
tember 24 Becker came to him and said -
that he had an offer from another boot
black of ML0 for the stand, and he wanted
him to quit. He refused, and next morn
ing he found his stand had been thrown
Into the street. It was worth $130 to him.
lie had not seen Becker throw It Into the
street, hut said ho had witnesses who had.
and the case was continued until Saturday .
to enable him to get them. • ,' ¦
Becker denies tnat he threw the stand
Into the street, or that he knows any
thing about who did it.
Good Attendance nt Tanforan Fair.
Pacing. Event a Gift to Kelly
Bri£S s — Pol ° Pl&y crs • "
Otit.
\Viih a grand stock parade, a poM panic
betweeri'-plfckeil tcama otjaodety young
rolir>v.-s. j!i additi<^n to the roRii'.ar barneu
events, at an." Inducement for people M
attend iheltalr/Ott larfest crowd of the
v«*uk viewed the'tport ut Tanforan Park
yesttrflay: -.The management had pre
ytouply inr.ounced Hut a portion of the
te/^pt« would be <!oi;ated to the fund for
Oaivostcji- t!'««l Buffcrers. and this fact
no J doubt sw. !K<1 the ..attendance. The
¦et«K.-k' parade was a very pleasant feature,
the pol«» carn^ tacked a snap and go to It
.and.;the tiarness part of the iwbgranune,
»1^Je . choppy and uncertain, was well
vorih si riiisr.
Tlie Weather wai too cool for th? horses
to break ..iiv freely and the rainfall of UM
nltht-belore lettithe track in bad condl
tkm. DoUy Dillon unally pulled tl«e
tr.a out <>f the coals,- aftei exhibiting
Fome "hula-hula Pteps, ;.ii'l Kelly IJriijg*
•'wigfrled" off Rita the puree for J:Ht
.rnnc-r> -after ?;iirs II<>y bad amused his
iK-rs-t frca a sort of lethargic condition
¦which lastt'i through -, tsfo lu-ats but iMC
not pr"v< nt tlip boo*les from keeping his
price well pickled in brine,
. enomiivsr unmlstakabl" i-ie.ua <>f lame-
HC5S Iron a dicky- le*. the shrewd ones
t^rslsted in mstailins llaxel Kimu-y fa
vorite for the .trot, the -southern mare
»>rinjrihg J-^i. Dolly Dillon Jl'» and the
ijfieid. -composed .of Miss Jt-ssie and daud
lus-^ f«. Tr.'- latter horse drew the 'pole f<-r
the rirst heat, and after Dolly Dillon had
stubbed her lot- afit-r passing the half
¦while la front won easily in J:l3 a ». The
favorite -finished second and Miss Jessie
third. With no apparent change in the
pooling.' us*? Jirst '.cnoky came in third In
che.heat following. Dolly Dillon catching
Claudius in "the breeza home, winning
lmnas dorrn.
Now tilers came a Fhift. Dolly selling a
$20 to W choice ovef tile other three start
ers. Sent away for the third trip around
the el!ip-=e. DoUy stepped on tacks after
¦making the barksmteh turn, and Hazei
.Kir.nov, . played <l->wn In the books from
t«*oa io even money, took the heat from
Claudius. Banders let out all sail and
Polly. Dillon, under a mapniticent spread
of canvEf, iust heat the man with the red
piece of "bunting:. - Possibly the Judges had
forgotten ai! about Bending Driver Jeff
ri-eij and Zarina to the barn on Monday
for a piece of thonjughbretl work after
tri« mare had received ten lengths* the
worst of .the start. At any rat«. consis
tency.— so ¦ "i is said— is a Jewel, and the
backers of DoUy had reason for conprat
•ulaiing«tttemselvcs, as they diil in the
h^at following; when she apain passed the
pa.tri>l: judge on the run.
¦ Hazel Kinney also trotted off with the
;f"urih !u:at. in [he Flow time of L':i:»i
gtranedy enough, with pools selling
H&xeT.Kinney t2» and th«- field $5. Dolly
I>illon- suddenly hecarao steady and docile
as- a Iamb, tripping off she iifth heat Jn
I':15. .flat.- making Haze! U.ok like a little
•barefooted girl. Likewise did the heat
winner rattle off the sixth and concluding
voyage In S:18. and could probably have
done it ten s.-C'.n<is faster, had the bank
not run «.ut <>f Ur<<v.n eh.-ek?. This, of
course., concluded the lesson.
Naturally enouph. everybody puppoped
Kfrlly 1'rigE-: t'» be a ] to in Vhnnce for
the. pacing rreit.vl. but seeing is not al-
-K-ays beUe\-lnif— around r. rucr> track. K^l
ly boM a 20 to s choice <>v^r thr t^^ld and
t<io bookmakers held him a 3 to 5 favorita
fnr the Srs; heat: In somo way he pot all
tanclf-i up v.Jtli his podiere«». finishing
third. l>rhi:ifi Myrtha Whips ami ICdna li
-?C<»xt. time by ;Y-.e .iut1p:«»B. th<Mieh. Kelly
rf'"k*-<i u]< a better hand; finishing in th"
0«cbnd hole, Myrtha clinching h< r hold <>n
second money. Then '-am^ th<» Awakening
.and tho favorite "5tr>ppod to taw" In
thr^e ---trii^ht. t!io lant h/»at b<-in«r pac<»-J
•In 2:?Ti. Mynlip Wnins was a niogKy enn
tT<1f-r. r>ictatr<^= !i:=<l b«»en rotir^d for
r.ot c-inTiips B heal In f<n;r. and TTdna R.
.wort to piece* in tho second and was dis
tancffl.
-'" It was pa^t S o'clock before th*» polo
|day«rs w*>ro op.llo,] f,n«l th«» rrowl -was
too.'hanjrry ?o tak" much intrrf-st *n the
pam<\ Only two periods wer«- played
John T.awson. R. ; Dettnor. c. Dunphy.and
R. Dunphy. captained by th<» first natned
play-r. <ipfr>ato,i •¦Tmn" Drfrooira •¦!>]!:<»=•'
V.y a srrfF-p of 4 to 3. P^tor Martin W
McCreary and Frank Oamlan comnlpte
t}i»-" cnsomMe of the defeated tf>nm Sum
mnry: .. ;
Fir^t r*ee— Trcttlnjr: 5:1S rlsfc; hpats S In 5
giirTe FIO00:
EMUr-tMllon." l>. rr... t-y Pi.1n»-y r»illon
p-'l!y tPanJprF) ; 14 4 11
71»re\ Klr.n^yi br. m , »••.- McKinncy
(Uodset) ..231122
Cau^ius. h. g., by Nutwood Wi'lces
<I*cr»fow> ; ;;;;j
SH«i> .l^ssi-, T>. rr... by O<-*sffp*>r <C. A
; • Tfm». 2:'?\, ?:16' 4 . J:1S J:»^ MS. ;:1S.
fecon.J rijcu— Pacir?; 2;IO clar?; heats 3 In 6
tunife' fiOM: . '
.K»IIy. nri^c^.' br. p,. by Hayswater
•¦¦ Ti:k"f-h>->lpnsa <lloy> 3*111
MyrUia Whip?, b. m.. by Whins <Heli
¦TTvan) ' 112 32
ptctaxrent, ch. m.. by Mctatui
...:. ; 4 3 ? 2 r o
Ecr.a H.. b. m.. by. Sidney (Tralnori • 4 Ji»
• . . ; Tlai*. i:!fi. 2:10>«. 2:lC'i. 2-"H. 2:2.",.
" .. To-Day' s Entries.
.The entries for this afternoon's events
ere as follows:
Pacing, 2:.o class— Fredericksbur^, Tags
JJiab'.ita, Clom. Hermla. Dcraor.lo
- Tro V- n , ? - 1S '.fin?*— BonF»lin». Lottie.
Alta\Ha. PfvcIk-, Oeito, El Moro, Bob
lntfersrill, Ned Tliornt?.
Looks Beaten in the 2:13
, :; Trot and Then Wins .
'.;[: •-..- in a Jog.
DOLLY DILLON
HARD TO GUESS
THE SAN FRAKGISCO CALL, THURSDAY, OCTOBER 4, 1900.
4
SOME OF THE NOTEWORTHY
FEATURES OF THE JACKIES'
GAME.
• It doesn't matter whether a thine ¦ is
cheap or dear, you always have to nay
the same amount for a dollar's worth.
The human mind Is a gem, but It Is very
often inspired, by the'settlng.
LOST VIGOR
RESTORED I
C»H «r writ* for b»«x. fr»«.
DR. COOPER & CO., .
313 Ketray Strivt, .
San Francisco, Ca!.
tTONG F»O CHY.
Successor to Dr. LAI PO TAI.
crai'.uate o{ Canton Medical
«.'ol!eKe. after a very sucr-ess-
ful practice of many years in
China, has located .in San
Francisco. The surprising and-
marvelous cures effected by
his herbs demonstrate 'heir
potence and his ..kill. The»*
herbs cure over 40O different
diseases. . Including Brl K hf*
Disease, Diabetes. Consumr.!
tlon. .Asthma. Faraly,iis
Brain. Nerve. Cancers, Tumors. Blood Mile
and Female Maladies. All persons aMlcte.1
with any kind of malady whatsoever are in
vlted to call. Office. 727 Washington st. O'tica
hours-0 a. m. to 12 m.. 1 to » p. m.; Sundays,
10 am. to 12 m. Accept grateful thanks 'or
effecting a cure of asthma of ssveral vWr««
¦tandlng. A. PARLEY. San R a f ,"
DR. HALL'S REIN YIG0RAT0B5WTOJ3
Five hundred reward for any
ca«e we cannot cun\ Thi.^ secret f**3 S3?
remedy stops all losses In 24 hours |^ K
cures Emissions, Impotency. Varl- Jara bcA
cocele. Oonorrhoea. Gleet. Fits "^T 11 hit*
Strictures. Lost Manhood and: all i-iu fC'V
wasting effects of s»lf-abu«e or r*" 1 ?
excesses. S^nt sealrd. j; bottle; A kSt£±sS^'t
bottles, $3: icuaranteed to cure'anv ease. Ail.
dress HALL'S MEDICAL INSTITUTE. iZS
Broadway. Oakland. Cal. Also for sale at lOTa-i
ctrel" lendVfrc^"^" 6 «^T ¦ W * J
LADD'S GUN STORE,
j*^ Fishing: Tackle and Sporting
Goods. The Iarsest- stock on
the Pacific Coast of every description. ¦ Send 3
cents In postage stamps for the latest 50-pavo
illustrated catalogue.- N"o. 4.
visit OR- JORDAN'S great
MUSEUM OF ANATOMY
QS issi iUSSTS SS.lt. SiiTii. Z.T.Zzl.
Of The LarjMt Anatomical Mmnm in tbe
rjL^ World WekJtne«»» ot any contracted
E~ls5i dwe»«f p^'Hlwrljreur^dnvthooldeit
| «5 £ I ipeoaliii «» th< - Coast En. j5 yairv
iz£~h OS. •OSDAN-PRIVATE DISEASES
fl Jf<i B f**tm G*r* la r?ery case usdsmken.
FI IB* Write fof Book. PHlLOSOPBYof
I U Mi HtHaiACE, mailed FX33. JA
A j valuable book for mrnj
mi JORDAN A CO, KM Market St..S. F.
TO THE PUBLIC!
PINOLE, JUNE 23. 1W.— I TAKK THIS
means of expressing my thanks to f>r. Wun<
.!¦«!_ Him. 115-117 Mason si..
,'fmfr** g% s '¦'¦¦ ' r having cured
fUA" "*Ajj me of, '.¦>: Iney, wi T.b
yc;O It trouble nr<\ cancer ¦¦'.
l^C I stomach. I was a great
0/ Jt * 1 sufferer for 15 years. an<l
<tj^S> J found no permanT.t r<»-
ABfSi^ / lf-f until I tried Dr.
J&V**- A^ Woiuc Him. and in six
jBm?y m<^ months' time he has
fitS^J rure<l rr.-. Any person
"¦S^CSi^^r w i"hin B me to certify
MnS. HEOROE BETZ.
Flnole, Contra Costa County. Cal.
PAN FRANCISCO (O»!.>. (Xt. 1*. 1<OS.— To
Whom It May Concern: This is to certify that
Dr. Wontr Him of lir.-llT Mason street. San
Francisco, has ourM mo entirely of Brishfa
cI1wsf» of the klilneys and consnmrtlon of th»
tx>wels of Ionic standing, nn.l I »m only too
happy to make this statement fnr the benefit >if
all troubled in any way by .liseases. You Will
find the doctor a Kentleman In every way. Very
respectfully. MISS St. J. SHINK.
S61 F"ult<->n street. San Francisco.
S F Dec. 4, 1SW. — I>r. Wong Him. US-Jtl
lla'soa »t.. S. F.. Cal.— I'ear Sir: For the bene-
fit of others I wish to mak-» a statement of my
ease, which was heart trouble. After treating
with six eminfnt physicians, my case waa pro-
nounced Incurable. Hearing of Dr. W.->n«r Him
and his wonderful cures. I decided tr> try his
herb treatment. He did all he claimed ami
after treating six months I am now well and
(itrorfr. Yours respectfully, 4
MRS BARLOW. 1027 Mission St.. S. F.
SiOK HEADASHS
tfoeettYcly cured t& tHeso
J^ittlo Pills.
Thsy also relieve Distress from D?spqp9&£
tndlgestlcn and Too Hearty Eating. A per-
fisct remwlj «cr Dlz2iness, Nausea, DrowsJ.
ness, Bad Taste la the Mouth, Coated Tongut
Pain in the Side, TORPID LIVER. They
Regulate the Bowels. Purely Vegetable. ,
Small Pin. Small Dose.
'Small P?tee»'
If you would keep your enemies from
knowir.gr any harm of you. den't let your
friends know any. "
ADVEETISEMENTS.
r£**Mv%*~$ A'y s r ires t! - e respect
&j^&$g£\jP*iy arul confidence of !
M 1 K^lfsfcaxiH those he meets.
T KtSF&zh ' I make dressy
to: $50-00
¦ S V* 25 per cent
¦;5'y « li J tailors charge. . !
Ilk i'4 i ] J° e Pohcim ;
I *tf 1 J 1110-1 12 Market St
Y 201-20,1 MonU'y Si
I tt ¦ hi DBn mm umwH «k. li «* to?
1 ¦ J I 1 8 1 Srw
111 1 k9 ii ffiS atW 1^
drtlilALIolo rUn MtN. ; \s-«Bj//
T \\k curp T^st Manhood and -^/j/'/A W^^&W '^jtsJ^H^^-^^*^///*
¦ wcakncM which accompanies It, /^y%S>y/'\ * Mx^fcJftWiVM yiiA^wfiy 1 //xT
also rrlvate Diseases, Varico- tf%ffl\J%m KWM'-W\j^wW^ ///
Diseases of the Kidneys. BlaV 'jwMffMtyJi uMffflfr! V^~
Patents msy r»v when well or ' i^^^Wjl^'M&'^SF^
in monthly Installment*. f&xS-m \. / V^V^^^IS^^F w3W / s // Z>&'
Trlvnte hook free at office or . l^r*%~&$&!??r^'
by ¦ mall. Correspondence confl- *^ Ir -^^^B^w&tsSS&S^^
ELEVATOR- ) r 7QA MARKET STREET, Hours-g to 5. Daily.
ENTRANCE..! '^1 sanfranc.sco. 'SSS^Jt^J
J Cleveland
I BsGycJes
1 A carload lust re-
¦ ceived from the
I factory-
r LEAVITT & BILL,
1 309:URKIN ST. - - San Francisco.
I 20 San P2t):o Are. -. - - Oakland.
1 .57 S. Second St. - - • San Jo-e.amounting to 120,000. Specific bequests which ¦ will Involve the
payment of $350,000 were made by the deceased, and without the
sale of the realty their payment will be impossible. The ex
penses of administration. It is asserted, will amount to $125,000.
Persona, property valued at $140,000 still remains in the hands of
the petitioners, however, but it is not deemed advisable at this
time to dispose of the same for the Immediate needs of the
estate.
The property which the petitioners seek leave to sell is lo
cated in this city, San Mateo, Lake and Napa counties. Four
teen blocks in this city are incumbered by mortgage. This prop
erty, the petitioners say. will sell better than the rest. A valu
ation is placed by the petitioners upon many pieces of the
realty. The baths are scheduled at $211,150, ocean beach prop
erty at $74,500. Cliff House ranch JSS.560, San Miguel rancho
SSOS.lTo, outside lands $490,110, the heights at Slla.715 and "Arca
dia." which Is on the boundary line between Lake and Napa
counties, at $4571. No valuation is placed on the many other
holdings. Their value will be determined when the hammer of
the auctioneer or the bids received at private sale mark the
offering of the highest figures.
Judge Coffey has set the petition for. hearing on November
5. On that date evidence will be taken in support of the con
tention of the -petitioners that the sale is necessary An order
of court will follow. :..,
I? a petition filed yesterday by Emma L. Merrltt and W. R.
H. Adamson. executrix and executor of the wilj of the late
Adolph Sutro, Is granted by Judge Coffey the vast holdings
of the dead millionaire will pas3 under the auctioneer's
hammer before the new year. If Judge Coffey agrees with
the executrix and executor that the best Interests of the heirs
and devisees and the estate Itself will be subserved by the sale
of all the realty It will go down In the annals as the largest in
dividual sale held In this city since Its founding. Millions will
pour into the bank vaults of the estate, and in coi.sideration for
this gold the immense tracts of land that the dead financier
struggled so hard in life to keep Intact will be parceled out
among the seekers of homes and speculators.
In the petition filed by Mrs. Merritt and W. R. H. Adamson
they set forth In detail the lncumbrances that threaten to
wrest the most valuable portion of the realty from their hands
to the great loss of heirs and devisees. The estate at present.
It is set forth. Is indebted in the sum of $530,000, while the an
nual Income is only $62,0<X>-an amount insufficient to pay the
accumulating interest and make much headway toward the
payment of the principal. The Hibernla Savings and Loan So
ciety holds notes and mortgages against the property amount
ing to $476,950. The Nevada Bank still holds a claim against the
estate for $29,ST3 23, and there are outstanding other claims
Executrix and Executor of Dead Millionaire's Last Will File a
Petition in Which Leave to Sell Really Is Asked.
ADOLPH SUTRO'S VAST ESTATE WILL BE
TURNED INTO GOLD BY HIS MANY HEIRS
Congo at the Chutes and Zoo are becom
ing quite important social functions. Miss
Jessie Padgham, the new California so
prano, Is also among the week's attrac
tions.
ACTOR TVHO IS SIX FEET
FOUR AND WEIGHS EIGHTH
OF A TON.
(Photo by Klite Gallery.)
DR. T. E. BAILLY. THE NEW
CHIEF PHYSICIAN OP ST.
MARY'S HOSPITAL.
pieces. The Interment took place- In Odd- :
Fellows' Cemetery- Deceased conducted-, ;
the orchestra In the old opera-house on ..
Washlnjcton street, and at the concerts
In Platt's Hall. He was one of the most "
prominent members of the Musicians^
Union. He leaves a wife and two married \
children. . -¦ •-'
CHANGE IN MEDICAL STAFF
OF ST. MARY'S HOSPITAL.
Dr. Bailly Succeeds Dr. Thorne as Chief
Physician and Gynecologist.
THERE has been a change In th?
staff of physicians of St. Mary's
Hospital, by which Dr. T. K. Ball
ly takes the place made vacant
by the resignation of Dr. Walter.
S. Thorne.
Dr. Thorne. who was connected with St.
Mary's Hospital for about ten years, waa
chief physician and gynecologist. He was.
a partner of the late Dr. Luke Robinson,,
who up to the time of his death three
years ago held the position which afteff
ward was passed on to Dr. Thorne. Dr.;
Thome's growing practice has made ln^
creasing demands upon his time, ami ha
has finally felt compelled to give up h!>:
position in the hospital. '.
Dr. Ballly. who has cucceedefl him. ha» :
for some years been- assistant gynecolo--;
gist. He has been seven years with St:
Mary's, four of which were passed a3
resident, or house, surgeon, and three as
assistant gynecologist. The post of gyne>
cologlst. which Dr. Ballly has taken, car-;
ries with it the position of chief physician
of the institution.
Dr. Ballly Is one of the most capable
and popular physicians- la San Francisco'
and his appointment has met with unl- w
versa! approval.
COTJXD KOT RESIST THE
;. TEMPTATION TO STEAL
Arrest of Hodman Blain, Victim to
Opium and With a Criminal
¦ . B«cord.
Rodman. Elain. a victim of the opium
habit, with a criminal record, has been
for. the past three month? employed as a
piemaker on Taylor street. Yesterday at
r.?on h« left the store and soon after
Barren found that JTO had been stolen
from the cash drawer. He notified the
police. .Detective T. B. Gibson was de
tailed .on' the case and in a tew minutes
found Blain in Chinatown and took him
to the City Prison, where a charge of
grand larceny was booked against him.
•Blain did not deny his guilt, and said
that the proprietor should not have placed
¦ terrrptatlon in his way by leaving so mu^h
money In the ca?h-drawer. He had bought
a complete new outfit, including a suit of
clothes, pair of shoes, hat, shirt and tie
When searched only S3 GO was found in
his -pockets, and he refused to say what
he ha-d done with the balance of the
tnoney. • •
•Twenty year? ago. when Blain was a
boy ofl&. he stole $2W from his employer
prnd was sent to the Industrial School.
.Bine? then he has been arrested several
times for petty larceny.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
ROCKLIX, Oct. 3.— Russell Landis. age.l
20 years, who has lived ht/e all his life.
to-night killed his wife nd mortally
wounded W. J. Clydesdale, the Constable
of this township. The tragedy was the
result of a family quarrel. Following hH
crime the murderer escaped, surrendered
and was lodged in prison at Auburn.
About ten years ago Landis married a
daughter of Mrs. Fisher of this place.
After a few years they became estranged.
Landis left here, but returned occasion
ally, stopping a few days at a time and
r.ever at his wife's house. It was re
ported recently that Mrs. Landis intended
to begin an action for divorce. They had
one child, a little girl 8 years of age. and
Landis was very mucn attached to her.
Landis returned to Rocklin about a
month ago and" has been working arouni
at various jobs, part of the time with
Clydesdale. The Constable has been a
good friend of both Landis and his wife
and has assisted them considerably and
he has been freely criticised as the cause,
of their estrangement. f
After dark this evening Landis bought
a box of loaded shells and. procuring a
double-barreied shotgun, went to his
wife's house. She had retired and came
to the door in her nightdress. He told
her he had come after his child. She
started to run to her mother's house close
by. when he fired at her with both bar
rels. The double charge struck Mrs. Lan
dis in the back of the head, blowing off
the top of her head.
Landjs then coolly went down to the
business part of town, got several drinks
and walked to Constable Clydesdale's
house. Clydesdale was in bed, reading.
Lnndls walked into the room and fired at
him with both barrels of his shotgun, the
charges lodging In the abdomen Just above
the grcin. He then walked back uptown
and took another drink, declaring boast
ingly: ;'; . -S'.'^iM
"I got them both and made a good Job."
He surrendered himself, and Sheriff
Keenan. who soon arrived, took him to
Auburn and placed him In the county Jail.
Clydesdale Is still alive, but his recov
ery is Impossible, j
Rocklin Man Murders His
Wife and Mortally
Wounds a Rival.
JEALOUS MAN'S
AWFUL CRIME
SAN" FRANCISCO theatergoers will
next week have the opportunity
of seeing the largest actor that
ever trod the American boards.
The thesplan Js Theodore Mar
¦FT<->r». who plays the part of Ursus In the
production of "Quo Vadis" at the Colum
bia Theater. M"arston is of gigantic pro
portions. He IS 6 feet 4 inches In height
and we!phs close upon 250 pounds.
The big actor is an all-round athlete and
has won numerous cups and medals In
amateur contests for endurance and feats
of strength. The company that he is a
member of were the original cast In the
play, and while In London Marston deeply
interested the physicians and they de
clared him the finest and best uniformly
developed specimen of manhood in exist
ence.
• • •
The Columbia Theater Is doing excel
lent business this week with "A Xlght In
Town" and that funniest cf comedians.
Kddie Foy. Next week the Stanislaus
Mange dramatization of "Quo Vadis"
vilL be put on by the F. C. Whitney and
r<iwln Knowles company. It is said that
the book Is strictly adhered to in this ar
rangement and what the press agency
cenorr.inates a sumptuous production Is
rrorr.Ised. The services of over 100 people
v.iil be required In the presentation and
There are thirty speaking parts In the
cest.
• • •
The new military comedy drama at the
A'cazar Theater has caught on with a
considerable grip and "We-uns of Ten
r^ssee" has establish^ no second-rate
T'lace for itself in military dramatic cir-
The production is albo remarkable
for the distinguished performance of
Charles Francis Bryant as Lige Monroe.
• "•_:.•
At the AJhambra Theater "That Man"
Etm holds his amusing sway, and "A
Texas Steer." one of Hoyt's "best come
dies, win follow, to begin on Sunday after
noon.
¦• • •¦ •
Jtrarr.!!l» d'Arrtlle is the head-liner at
the. Orpheura this week, and the sweet
c'.nger, together with the other strong at
tractions, is crowding the house nightlv
• • •
Fischer's Concert-house offers a strong
list of attractions this week. Moll and
: Moulton, Carroll., the girl whistler. Rob
ert. Ellis. De Gosco brothers. Antonla
\ argas and Mae Tunison keep good
.houses entertained every evening
- ~ L • ' * * •
The receptions of Mr.. Mrs. and Eaby
Theodore Marston of Gigantic Proportions
Will Impersonate Ursus.
LARGEST AMERICAN ACTOR
TO APPEAR IN THIS CITY.
Pioneer Musician's Funeral.
The funeral of the late F. Stange.' one
of the city's earliest musicians, took place
from Druid's Hall yesterday. The entire
Musicians' Union turned out as a guard
of honor, accompanied by a band of 150
Injured by Falling , Downstairs.
James R. Adams, who. it is said, came
from Colusa. received serious injuries yes
terday forenoon by falling downstairs at
£59 Mission street. He was taken to the
City - Receiving HosDltal .in an uncon
scious condition, and remained so during
the' day. From all appearances he had
been drinking freely. He was detained
at the Receiving Hospital - for obser
vation.
Packing Company Incorporates.
The Antiseptic Fruit and Egg Packing
Company incorporated yesterday with a
capital stock of 550.000. The directors are
William NankervK S. Bishop, Harris
Bishop and W. S. Macy.
Allege Undue Influence.
Dora and Monroe Harris have sued Bes
sie and'Hyman»Harris. Isaac L. and Rob
ert David, Betsy Kramer.- Louis Harris.
Martha Lodge No. 241. Knights and La
dles of Honor, and T. W. Hubbard to se
cure $3000 from the estate of the late Bar
beta David, their stepmother. Plaintiffs
allege that while the decedent was men
tally Incompetent Bessie Harris and
Betsy Kramer unduly influenced her to
deny plaintiffs the right to a portion of
the- proceeds of a policy held by the de
ceased in the Knights and Ladies of
Honor.
Injured While Drunk.
A man who gave his name as Joseph
Rogers had his head dressed by Dr.
Trasher at the Receiving Hospital last,
night for a lacerated wound. Rogers,'
while in a beastly state of intoxication,
fell into a watering trough on Devisadero
street, between Eddy and Turk. He was
fished out of the trough and then fell on
the curbstone and cut a deep gash In the
tnp of his head. It Is possible that his
skull is fractured.
For the Galveston Fund.
The Red Cross Society forwarded to
Mayor Jones of Galveston yesterday
$662 50, the result of Its collections. ' ¦
Yesterday's subscriptions were as fol
low:
Committee on Medical Profession—
Dr. C. G. Kenyon |5 00
Dr. William Waltkerr.... " ft 00
Dr. William R Lewltt 2 50
Dr. Cherles C. Wadsworth 5 00
Committee on Fish Dealers — I
K. Dryrellus .SO
A. Paladlnl 6 00
Inguglia & Co 5 00
F.. Anton! & Co.. 2 0*
V. D. Versllto .100
D. Cer»srhlr.r> & Co...: l no
n. Caito & Co : ioo
G. CamlHonl 2»0
A. Enea S: Co 100
Sacramento Fish Company 1 CO
A. Zolezzi , 100
Stephen* A- Co...... 1 (K>
Pacific Const. Fish Company 5 00
Milan! & Co 2 00
j Committee on Caritalistsi
11111s Building ....;... „. 100 00
Committee on Confectioners—
George Haas & Son '../...'.„.. io 00
: Red Cross Society — • . .,...-'•
Junior Union Swedish Baptist. Church. 50
Charles Fitzgerald, Quartz, Tuolumne
County .5 00
Total stGT r.0
Previously acknowledged .- $32,851 47
Total to date ....$33.013 97
WOMEN TAKE THE LAW
IN THEIR OWN HANDS
Four Arrested, and in Each Case Two
Are Accused of Attacking
One.
Two cases will be heard In th© Police
Courts to-day, in each of which two
women are the defendants and one woman
the complaining witness. In each case the
charge is battery.
Mrs.' Margaret Kerr and her sister. Miss
Jennie Bole, were arrested yesterday on
a warrant sworn out by Mrs. Nano
r»raude. charging them with battery.
They all live near Jones and Bernard
streets, and Tuesday night Mrs. Draude
alleged that Mrs. Kerr and her sister at
tacked her on the street and gave her a
severe beating. The defendants had a
different story to tell. They said they had
refused to recognize Mrs. Draude, and she
met them near their home and at once
began to abuse them, following this up
by a vicious assault. Miss Bole s hair
iva«= torn out and her Up was cut. A
gentleman came tz> their rescue, and he
had to use violence to Mrs. Draude before
she could be subdued. They had intended
to have her arrested, but she wai too
quick for them and got Judge Cabanlss
to issue the warrant for their arrest.
The complaining witness in the other
case Is Miss Irene Wilbert, 933 Kearny
street who Is employed in the Montana
dance-hall. She charges Alice Gardiner
and Jessie Ptetnman. who are employed
In "Spanish Kitty's" dance hall, with bat
tery upon her. She said the girls In the
other dance 1 halls had determined, to "cut"
Miss Gardiner and . Miss Stelnman. and
they declared thev would whip every one
of them. Miss Wilbert happened to be
the first one on whom their vengeance
fell. She was In a restaurant on Kearny
street, near Jackson, about 3 o'clock yes
terday morning, when they entered and at
once fell upon her and severely beat her.
cutting her lips and otherwise Injuring
her." . :; --'-;«¦ ' * h< /¦':
The annual synod of the Presbyterian
church, known as the Synod of Califor
nia, will convene In the First Church of
Berkeley "Wednesday evening, October 17,
and continue until the following Monday.
The synod Includes six presbyteries In
the States of California and Nevada and
consists of 235 churches. 279 ministers and
727 elders, with a total enrolled member
ship of 23,657. The amount raised last
year for congregational and benevolent
purposes was $357,037. Each church Is en
titled to representation in the synod by its
minister and one ruling elder.
The synod will be opened with a relig
ious meeting and a sermon will be preach
ed by Rev. Alex Parker, D. D.. the retir
ing moderator. At the close of this ser
vice the election of a moderator for the
ensuing year and further organization
will, take place.
A special interest will attach to this ses
sion of the synod, as it will be the last
of the century, and further as the cele
bration of the "semi-centennial of the
founding of the church on the coast" will
form a part of the exercises. These ex
ercises will consume the afternoon and
evening of Thursday and will consist of
addresses as follows:
In the afternoon Rev. Theo F. Burn
ham will preside and the following named
will speak: Rev. Thomas Fraser. D. D.,
on "The Planting of the Church in Cali
fornia"; Mrs. P. D. Browne. "Rise and
Growth of Foreign Missions"; Rev. Ng.
Poon Chew. "Chinese In California"; Rev.
J K. Inazawa. "Japanese in California":
Mrs J. B. Hume. "Rise and Growth of
Home Missions": Rev. John Hemphill. D.
D. "Outlook for the Twentieth Century."
In the evening Rev. J. S. McDonald. D.
D., will preside and the following named
will speak: Rev. C. E. Babb, D. D., on
"Early Ministers in California": Rev. W.
H. Landen. D. D.. "Pacific Coast Presby
terlanism": Rev. Hugh K. "Walker. D. D..
"Presbyterianlsm In History." Pastors
are urged to preach historical sermons on
Sunday morning preceding the synod.
The Woman's Occidental Board and
State Synodical societies that hold annual
or semi-annual sessions synod week: will
include Jubilee elements In their pro
grammes. Other popular meetings in con
nection with the synod will be held as
follows:
Missionary gathering on Friday evening.
Rev. J. M. Newell will preside and addresses
will be delivered by Rev. R. J. Johnston, Rev.
\V. <K. Guthrle. Rev. F. S. Brush, D.D. Meet-
Ing iifthe Interest of Christian education. Sat
urday evening, at which Rev. H. C. Minton,'
D.D.. Trill preside, and Rev. Guy : W. WaJa-
Its Session Will Open at
Berkeley on the 17th
, Instant.
PRESBYTERIAN
ANNUAL SYNOD
TO CONVENE
A peculiarly sad case was brought to
the attention of the police yesterday
morning and steps were at once taken to
help Mrs. Frank J. Curran, 416 Ivy ave
nue, who is the sufferer.
She and her husband quarreled about a
month ago and he left her. Two weeks
later her daughter Mabel ran away, so
Mrs. Curran says, with John McGreavy to
Sacramento. She has not seen her daugh
ter, since and does not know whether she
Is married or not.
Yesterday morning Mrs. Curran was
notified that the body of a man resemb
ling that of her husband had been found
among some bushes in a canyon near
Santa Rosa. A hunter had shot a squir
rel, which fell among the bushes wnere
the body lay and led to its discovery. The
distracted woman was anxious to leave
for Santa Rosa to see if her worst fears
would be realized, but before going she
wanted her two boys cared for.
Policeman Boyd was sent by Chief Sul
livan with her to the house and he took
the two boys — Frank. 15 years of asre. and
Harry. 13 years of age— to the Youths'
Directory, where they will be properly
looked after.
Mrs. C-rran was almost insane with
grief yesterday morninp. and it is fearej
ihat If she finds the body of the man »t
Santa Rosa to be that of her husband she
will commit suicide. Her daughter's con
duct has alao affected her deeply.
Body Pound in a Canyon
May Be That of Frank
J. Curran.
QUARRELS WITH
HIS SPOUSE AND
ENDS HIS LIFE
worth of Occidental College, Rev. J. W. Dins
more. D.D.. Professor Walter Miller of Stan
ford University. Professor E. E. Brown of the
University of California, Fred Cottle of the
College Branch Y. M. C. A. and Rev. Robert
Mackenzie. D.D., will' speak. Meeting in the
Interest of work for the youngr, Sunday after
noon. Rev. A. H. Rarnhlsel will presld- and
silrire-f^res will be made by Rev. David James,
Mis* Jennie Partridge and Rev. H. N. Bevler.
Special Sabbath evening service, when Rev.
Robert L. Ureck, D.D., LU.D.; will preside,
ami addresses will be made as follows:
"Church Polity." Rev. W. R. Noble. D.D. :
"Doctrine," by Rev. William Martin:
"Works." Rev. H. K. Walker. D.D.
The meetings will all be held in the
beautiful First Church of Berkeley., Dr.
Minton Is Dastor of this church and Rev.
Harry Hilliard. a licentiate, is the assist
ant, launches will be provided by the la
dles of the Berkeley synod at a moderate
price. The Alumni Association of the
seminary will hold a reunion and banquet
between sessions Thursday evening.
The committee of arrangements for the
synod consists of Rev. H. C. Minton. D.
D.. Rev. H. Milliard. W. E. Sell. J. W.
Richards. C. K. Clark. J. S. Eastman. M.
D.. Alexander Ross. C. P. Hoap. pastor
and session of the church. ¦ The semi-cen
tennial committee consists of Rev. J. S.
McDonald. D. D..' chairman: Rev. H. N.
F?evier. secretary; Rev. IT. C. Minton.' D.
r>.. Rev. T. F. Burnham, Elders Alex
Ross. Samuel Irving. J. M. Forsythe,
John Dunne, C. E. Cornell. Mrs. C* S.
Wrieht. Mrs. P. D. Browne, Mrs. H. S.
Perkins. Mrs. H. T. Amps. Miss Jennie
Partrldcre ard'Miss M. K. Boyce.
Tho stated clerk of the synod is Rev.
"W. S. Young: of Los Angeles.
THE SAX FRA^i CISCO CALL, THURSDAY, OCTOBER 4, 1900.
IGNACIO MARTINETTI, CLUBMAN. COMEDIAN AND NIMBLE DANC
ER. WHO. AFTER HAVING ONCE TASTED MATRIMONIAL BLISS.
HAS AGAIN TRIED HIS LUCK AND ASTONISHED HIS FRIENDS.
GleVer Farce Gomedian Meets His Fate for the Second Time
in Person of J^larie Ratdiffe, a j^kiladelphia /\ctress.
Wedding Is a "Dark
Secret'' According
to Custom.
Only Intimate Friends
Kr\oW of tKe J-f&ppy
. Ev>er\t.
ABOUT a week ago Ignaclo Martin
etti. comedian of the "Million
Dollars" company, the forth
coming New York production, was
quietly married to a Miss Marie
Ratcliffe, also a professional, and who Is
at present with a Philadelphia stock
company.
Following the time-honored custom of
the profession, the marriage was made a
"dark secret," and it only got out through
being confided to particular friends with
stringent orders to let It go no further.
James Hackett. Mary Mannering, Isabel
Irving and any amount of other well
known playerfoik made a secret of their
marriages for a long time, and so Mar
tinettl was not doing anything out of the
way in not making his public. Even now
he is said to be coy on the subject, and
when questioned will "say nothing but
this, 'tis so.' "
Xo where will the .news of the clever
comedian's marriage excite more Interest
than here, where he Is well known In
club and theatrical circles. As a member
of the Bohemian Club he was exceedingly
popular with every one with whom he
came in contact.
It was as the creator of Zou-Zou. the
erratic guardsman of "Trilby," that Mar
tinptti made the hit that gave him a place
In the front rank of the eccentric farce
comedians.
Martlnetti has also been a feature with
May Irwln. in whose support he scored
several creditable successes, his parts be
insr especially written for him. •
The actor is a native of this city, his
parents fcelnp prominent residents of the
French colony. This Is his second matri
monial venture.
Miss RatclifT 0 , though not known on
this coast, is a clever youn? actress and
a very beautiful ¦ -oman. She has played
several Important engagements in Eastern
Cities.
IGNACIO MARTINETTI, CREATOR OF
ZOU-ZOU, MARRIED IN NEW YORK.
5
Mnnnrrh il?r ***** day Gifts on
-_ ¦^ mmmomn ¦*-«»« najaar. special sale nowa-
G lOVCS* CUJFOW4WS LAHQEST-A.nERICA-5 GRANDEST STOIU. S g
'M
a $2.50 Lemonade Sets, 98 o.
jfr9^*^y Two sly'es
: Sm§§ Collar. -,£«»• "%^
cites, md$i.5o,. _/ &s Hjt k
• Gj% -^ consisting *S^ - * A *^£l$
££S *l&, &1 /TO of pitcher, 6 ¦'F-^d^*^^^^
0 'info I /^^Cs comers to-day wi'' iil sale to-
' ' JPpi P Ret stylhh $2.5 "^y, for complete set 38C
JSKif Back Liberty Si'lr One styh in crystal, fancy flfited.top
• Co'.larettes. made pitcher, go'd edge and fliwer designs.
of the be*t mate ° 3e *}*}* . H 8 h * ««» coIor . S 3!d baa4
and beacei decoration,
rial.w th extra long Ther^ ara 75 8et , fa a , u
f plaited en Is, for ¦
$3,48* Kirk's Soaps, 5c.
, . 8y virtue of a special arrangement with
the KirJc'a Soap manufac'urer*. wV
' Toy Tea SeiS, 18Cm oner to-day 10O3 boxe» of 3 of Kirk'a
: Don't forget the little folks when y u «2h Fade reaps at half or /«,; th 5
! coma in to-day. We have a whole 'o I**** <>« sa'e are the delicate y per-
• of prettily decorated China Tov T<* J 0^ ,1* TO » *? ri la - ? B $ e "t; • F ,l a
• Sets *23 pieces lo a -at). jn«t' 9 om- «>e Siee'e and 'Mrtton.- Bought m the
i ' thing to play partv with. w. ich will be rf J? 1 "^ l }5 woal . d ha j; to . he
i on special sVe' T-nrsday; #o So!d at ? oc ***** V'** 0 * of 3 cak23 '
; > complete set *8C °" ke p^ to day ™Z'_ P *Z 5c
The Two Flsw Songs 75o Bread j C9Qm
Now bsirg fuig at th3 O.paaam b' _ , .. . , , ,' . ,
i Gam lie 'Arvil?e- ' Extra quahty heavi vr.ickel-plated metal
"In Hi-» S'ens " bread traya, ovU shine. 12 inches long,
'Sadie. You'.- M. Lady Bird." with . w e rd '' B r ""f fc^adsomely e>
! Together with 18 other popular son; id old Ergjsh letter?; a coai
• and instrumental pieces, on sje- -_ J aI " at 7oc each - oa ".• AQ^
; cial sale all this week, per co^y. 13C to -**j Wfff
Tzblo Fork Sale. _ f a "" rf 7 B < ags ' 2 ° c -
. lV , ,. .. , . , , »V e took advantage ti another chance to
Another rood thimr that onr buyer fenn.^ bay 50 do2en !anndry ba?< at abont
m N w "iork-25 dczea Rodger* Bros. ha?f pr i ce ; these are good large ba; 3 ,
v made of sateen in prettv coloring*.
• *rrr-z mr- - with ccrl an<! ta3Sel dra e string.
®gf^^ worth at least 3"5c each; spe-
] y^^^* £s *^ V cial price Thtiraday „ aC/C
! "1847* 8ectiona ? p'ate Table Fork- _ Z » _ o ~7~ •
thit. bought in the regular way.wouU ** &peCiai SalO Of
; be worth i 3.15 for sec of 6. on sa!< Table LinSTISm
'. to- Jay *hile quantity -j- CO vVe have 41 heavy German L-nen Tab'e
¦ lasts, set of 6. fagJ Cloths of which the- matchh? napkin*
. ¦-•'"' '• ¦• "> ~~ have been so d; «h°y. are b?an'ifu ly
Here's a Bargain tn hemstitchel are 23 yards lonr; tn bo
i SpOOl SNkm closed cut to-day ai about c# QiJ
. _, . . ., . , # Tji 1 o one-ha'f vain?, each *pma%fO
We have 4 JO large spioh of Black Sew- .
ing Si k, th^ v»ry best quality. \\\* **.SO 9
they are marked "factory ends," which About 50 fringed pure'ir.en damask. Table
\ means that thera are a few join ; ngi on Coth? <no napkins), the 8-4 sz».
eich ppoo!; the spec'al sa e oc worth $i.5.\ to be ciosed cu' q q
price to-day, per spool X&G to-day at mJ&G
The Prison and Hospital Religious Associa-
tion seek magazines, books and clothlnsr to
distribute to suffering ones. A postal addressed
to Mrs. S. A. : Burrls, 317 OTarrell street, the
secretary, will have her attention.' *
THE EMPORIUM.
THE EMPORIUM.
He Writes a Letter to
The Peruna Medi-
cine Co., of Colum-
bus* O., in Which He
Gives His Experi-
ence With Peruna.
Hon. John Dienhart. Assistant Prose-
cutor, City Hall, Chicapo. II!.. Is an en-
thusiastic believer In Peruna. The fol-
lnwir.g letter was recently received by
Ty.e Peruna Medicine Co.:
"The. Peruna Medicine Co., Columbus.
O.— Gentlemen: Peruna is the best medi-
cine I know of for kidney and liver com-
p'aint. rheumatism, catarrh of the stom-
ach or lungs and for all morbid condi-
tions cf the system. I place it at the
head of all tonics. ar.<1 as a nerve restorer
It has no superior." Very truly yours.
JOHN DIENHART.
'-' In systemic catarrh the lungs. h«»art.
T>owels," stomach, kidneys and all other
Tarts of the mucous membranes are In a
f.abby, unhealthy condition. This is due
to a Var.t nf nerve supply on account of
r.^rve weakness.
The corf-tar.t drain of nervous vitality
<5ej>!ete? the whole nervpus system and the
mucous ?urf aces suffer accordingly. This
Is the condition called syptemic catarrh.
It very nearly resembles and there Is real-
ly no" practical difference between this
HON. JOHN DIENHARTS
MESSAGE TO SUFFERERS,
ADVERTISEMENTS.
[ ¦' ¦"¦¦••• ¦'
|\;sale;-;f
I ¦capesv ; p
¦M A »p>c!ar va!u>» you must not n'l
\\ miss— an eletrant Baltic ¦ Seal' "Fur jfi| •
i)j Cape, like picture above. Is to be T,-\
' \il sold at almost half Its. worth. It .jjj| .
'> has two heads and foqr. tails; It -la < /
) mad* of full «ktn fur (mo»t capes /( I . -
.7/ ' are piec«*l) and Is bVautlfully lined
V with rich black satin. . ' : Ml '.
'• IMnch '. *lO.r»l> 111-'
II; i5-:cch i .....*n> Ml
lS-inch ...-. .". :<«12^H» lt!f*
COLLARETTE3-a pretty Ultle \\ .
I electric »eal collarette. ¦ with an jj'f '¦ .
I Astrakan yoke, will be sold for 95. a \J
1 NECK SCARFS-^an exceptionally V\
I complete, assortment In every' new if
1 ' effect, from lM.7J» «P, " 11 -•
i Every garment bears our name— T\
; a guarantee of quality. ; • hi-
¦."H.I<iel>e« •I
ft \ ¦ INCOREORATXO __ jjfj
«C*t-»C*C*C«- O -•- O-*-O-*-0«-C-*-C-»S-*-O
4 . __,, o
• .. o
° HON. JOHN DIENHART. ?
• Assistant Prosecutor. City Hall, o
Chicago. 111. ?
• o
condition and the condition known as neu-
rasthenia or nervous prostration.
Peruna will be found to eltect an Imme-
diate and lasting cure in all cases of sys-
temic catarrh. It acts quickly and ben-
eficially on the diseased mucous mem-
branes", and with healthy mucous mem-
branes the catarrh can no longer exist.
Address The Peruna Medicine Co., Co-
lumbus. O., for a free catarrh book.
/^vf^.r\" the latest
'¦¦&%?¦¦ K'-^k Novelties in
f|J:f^ Garments
Including. Mi-ffs. Neck Boas.
Scarfs, Fur Hats. Etc.. at
10 PER CENT REDUCTION.
Repairing, Dycinc and Dressing it
Short Notice.
' iD. KOCOUr7i21 Post St
(Dcn't Mistake the Number.)
Rooms 7to ii. over O'Connor.
MofTatt fi: Co.'s. Phone Black *7l\
w-- JBryan.confidently expects, it is announced, to set the
world on fire this month. Heprobably anticipates the
deluge of votes which he will not receive next
month.
It is said that Queen Victoria owns some very valu
able land in California. Perhaps her Majesty has a
lingering thought of making her home some day in
pleasant places.
The Board of Education has at last clearly and
most unmistakably passed beyond the bounds of its
abilities. It has undertaken to define the meaning
of the word gentleman. . •
A little army of young, ambitious- Porto Ricans
wants to be educated in Chicago. There is evidently
much need yet for the labors of moral missionaries
in" our new island possession.
Auditor Wells says that our system of local civil
service is unfair and impracticable. This is one way
of saying that as a practical politician his Highness
the Mayor knows his business.
ANSWERS TO CORRESPONDENTS.
DANISH SHILLING— V. M. J., City.
Dealers do not offer a premium for a
Danish shilling of 1771. :/*•?'
NOT WRECKED— A. C, City. The
Maid of Orleans was not wrecked. She is
now on her way to Karluk.
GALVESTON— Subscriber, City. Gal
veston is a word of three syllables. "Gal"
is pronounced with the sound of "a" as
in "fat": "ves" with the sound of "e"'as
in "her," and "ton" as written.
PENNY'S MAGAZINE— O. M. M., City.
An isolated volume of Penny's Magazine
printed in 1S36 Is -worth "just what a dealer
in second-hand books or one desiring such
as a curiosity of the time would be will
ing to give for It.
MILITARY ACADEMY— G.. City^If a
young man wants to enter the competitive
examination for the United States Mili
tary School at West Point he should com
municate with the Congressman of the
district in which he lives.
GERONIMO— D. G. A., Slate Range, Cal.
Geronlmo, the Apache chief, was captured
in 1S83 by General Crook, and on March 25
of .;: that year, the chief made terms'* with
the general. He was sent to Fort Bowie
to be placed under surveillance. In 1885
Again the Democrat congratulates The
Call in its fidelity and determination to
champion the cause of right. When tne
time comes, If It ever does, that partisan
newspapers refuse to accept the work of
bosses In convention who foist unclean or
accused men upon the people, then re
forms in the party may be expected. The
only way., to secure better local govern
ment and economy in official positions Is
to refuse to support the nominees who
are unworthy of the trust, without regard
At this Juncture it is appropriate The Call
should repeat what it stated at the very out
set of the campaign and has announced more
than once since that time. The Call will not
support a bad man for any office. It will not
advocate th<» election of a crooked politician
to the Legislature, nor the election of an unfit
man to a Judicial office. There Is but one
way to establish honesty in politics and that
is for the people to vote honestly for honest
men. That Is the rule we counsel for all
voters; it is the rule we follow. — San Francisco
Call.
(Marysville Democrat.)
WILL NOT SUPPORT
BAD MEN FOR OFFICE
The selection of the right man for the position will
be of immense benefit to the business interests not
only of the.city and the State but of the whole coun
try. That much is understood by the people at large,
and there will be general approval if such a man be
selected.
Before making the appointment to the position the
President will await recommendations from the city
and the State. The Senators from California will have
a potent influence in determining his choice. Upon
them, therefore, rests at this time a serious respon
sibility to the public. They should carefully consider
the subject in all its bearings and agree upon some
man who has had sufficient experience in business to
enable him to enter at once upon the duties of the
office with a clear understanding of their nature. It
will not be difficult fcr them to find such an official,
for the business world of California is not lacking in
able, energetic and honest men.
As no such inscription is there, the number of poli
ticians who are seeking the office is large. Some of
them are utterly unworthy of the office, or indeed of
any responsible office, while many are meritorious
gentlemen in many ways, but their merits are not of
the kind that commend them for this particular office.
Consequently, no matter how many recommendations
they may bring, or how much in the way of political
service they may prove, none of them should be se
riously considered for the place. It is a business office,
charged with the supervision of the interests of busi
ness men, and none but a business man should be as
signed to it.
jpij OR the right performance of the duties of the
I Collector of the Port of San Francisco there is
needed the abilities and the experience of a first
rate man of business. None other can even fully un
derstand the complex questions that arise in the office,
much less solve them with accuracy and promptness.
Accordingly upon the doors of that office there might
well be inscribed, "No politician need apply."
THE FORT COLLECTORSHIP.
Grant of San Diego and Maurice C. Kit
tredge of San Francisco are at the Arling
ton; W. J. Currier of Los Angeles Is at
the Raleigh.
CAI/LFORNIANS IN WASHINGTON
WASHINGTON, Oct. 3.-Ulysses S.
In any effort made to promote either the pure food
or the forest protection laws the Grange would find
itself amply supported by public opinion and by the
press. The people arc now quite ready to act upon
the issues. Any well devised legislation will find a
warm approval everywhere. It is recognized that food
supervision, at any rate, cannot be effectually dealt
with by the States acting separately. The evil is na
tional and can be remedied only by national authority.
All of these things, we repeat, are well known. The
only reason why there has been no sufficient legisla
tion to prevent them is that Congress has never been
sufficiently impressed by the public demand for such
legislation. There is always a great pressure of busi
ness at the national capital, and Congressmen natur
ally act upon that which is most strenuously urged.
If the Grange will direct its energies to the task of
forcing the issues of pure food and forest protection
upon the attention of the Government we shall not be
long without getting the desired legislation. In fact,
a good deal has been already accomplished in the di
rection of pure food tews. A Senate committee has
collected a large amount of evidence upon the sub
ject and there is a strong sentiment in both houses in
favor of a national law of some kind to prevent frauds.
Therefore if the work of the Grange be resolutely un
dertaken at once and supported in all parts of the
country, we may have an experiment at least in pure
food legislation this winter.
The evil results of a lack of adequate laws against
the sale of spurious foods are many. The toleration
of what is no better than a swindling practice in
jures not only the consumer, who is deceived, but the
honest producer or manufacturer of genuine articles.
In that way legitimate industry is made the victim of
fraud. Producers of olive oil have to compete in a
market where cottonseed oil is sold under the name of
olive oil, and the products of our orchards are dis
credited by the practice of selling in the East all kinds
of inferior fruit labeled in such a way as to delude
the purchaser into the belief that they are the products
of California.
Upon neither of these issues is it necessary for the
Grange to undertake any elaborate campaign of edu
cation. It is safe to say that every American who is at
all interested in such subjects is already familiar with
the essential facts relating to them. It is known that
all sorts of impure foods are put upon the market
bearing labels which deceive the purchaser. It is also
known that our forests are being rapidly wasted while
almost nothing is done to repair the waste or even
to check it.
r\ MOXG the recommendations made to the
l^\ State Grange. at its meeting in Los Gatos on
Tuesday by State Master Worthen are two
which are of so much importance as to deserve the
most earnest efforts the Grange can put forth to pro
mote them. These are the enactment of legislation
for the preservation of forests and for the protection
of the public against the manufacture and sale of
adulterated and spurious articles of any kind, and
particularly those which are used for food or medi
cine.
WORK FOR THE GRANGE.
prdpounde.d is this: Is a tax levy in excess of the
valid? Can the Supervisors impose a tax
'.' \yhich brings in more than the total amount fixed by
themselves- as necessary? There is considerable
--'doubt about it. '
. * - ____________
". Vice in 'mulcting the taxpayers to the extent of $393,
''¦^25 during the first year of charter administration.
• /what will happen to them when the system becomes
better understood and the tax-consumers develop
-'their opportunities at the City Hall.
• An interesting legal question which may also be
panhandle bonds ($208,500), money for which there
¦-wUl "be. no use this year. This is the equivalent of 9.6
cents on the assessment roll.
' If the .Mayor, Auditor and Treasurer observe the in
:juncti6ns of- the "budget" they cannot expend this
'.rnoney for any purpose whatever. It will be extracted
'•from the taxpayers and locked up in the treasury for
a yeiir, unless in the meantime some expert municipal
cracksman can discover a way by means of which it
qa' betaken out and checked off in Phelan "organi
za.tion' 1 ' salaries. This would probably be a good use
to which to put the money, since if the Phelanites get
f* xhey wilt soon place it in circulation again.
' ' — at. what must be the reflections of a taxpayer, with
.thi'sprcspect in view, who contemplates the "budget"
financial system from the standpoint of charter re
form?'. ...'.
- -.- I.f the ' Phelanites have succeeded through this de
T ORD MACAULAY said that if St. Petersburg
were allowed to maintain for thirty days such
*— '¦-* a newspaper press as existed in London an ex
plosion iiroold take place which would shake the
foundations of the civilized world. So if the taxpay
'ers of San Francisco— a remarkably contented lot. by
the'way — were able to comprehend the extent to
which they are annually fleeced by their political ser
vants they would fill the City Hall with smoke, com
pared With which the article wheeled out of the gas
house by the newly arrived Irishman would be as a
cigar puff to a Farallon fopbank.
One instance of the taxation bunko game may be
piven — not for the purpose of setting the taxpayers
of the city by the car's, but by way of public instruc
tion.
The new charter, as is well known (section 3, chap
ter 1, zrticie III), introduces into municipal economy
a new-fangled thing called a "budget." Annually, be
l'.veen the first Mondays in May and June, the Super
visors are required to meet and make up a '"budget"
.of- the amounts estimated as necessary to carry on the
government during the ensuing year. The amounts
>o : fixed become in each department the basis of ex
penditure for twelve months, and no official is per
mitted under any circumstances to exceed them;
indeed, if the Auditor or Treasurer in any one month
pay -demands in excess of one-twelfth of the amounts
sc-- fixed he is liable on his bonds. Thus the
.'"budget" is. the sheet anchor, as it were, of municipal
finance—^the beginning and the end of tax-eating in
all its' forms.
¦ But -see how this device for protecting the tax
payers against the raid? of the tax-eaters works when
placed in the hands of the Phelanites at the City Hail.
' .In June the Supervisors met, adopted a "budget"
jand levied a tax of $1,127 on each $100 of valuation,
¦pjacrng; the assessment roll at $375,000,000. Subse
quently Assessor Dodge "discovered'^ that he had
•underestimated the total assessment to be returned by
him, and after the "budget" had been adopted and the
.levy" fixed it was found that the tax of $1,127 would
fall upon a roll amounting to $410,000,000 instead of
upon a roll amounting to $375,000,000. This additional
valuation takes from the taxpayers $393,625 more than
•vvas figured on, which includes the levy for sewer and
"BUDGET" FINANCE.
C. Lacy Goodrich, purser on the steam
ship Coptic, which arrived in port Monday
with American refugees from China, has
resigned his position to accept a place In
the office of the Occidental Hotel. Mr.
Goodrich hag seen nine years' service on
the water, five of which were spent on
board the Coptic. He begins his new du
ties at the Occidental in a few days.
T. M. Schumacher has resigned his posi
tion as general manager of the Continen
tal Fruit Refrigerator Company and
leaves to-day for New York in company
with his wife, who Is going abroad. Mr.
Schumacher will return to San Francisco
the latter part of the month.
N. IT. Falk, owner of the Humboldt
Times at Eureka, is in the city for a day
or two prior to starting for the East. Mr.
Falk is to attend a convention of lumber
men in Dallas, Texas.
William Singer of the Southern Pacific
law department left yesterday for Los
Angeles, where he will spend several days
on business connected with his depart
ment.
Judge Henry L. Benson of the Circuit
Court at Klamath Falls, Ore., Is in the
city for a few days and is making hi3
headquarters at the Grand.
H. C. Campbell, president and general
manager of the City and Suburban road
at Portland, is registered at the Occiden
tal. " ,'
"W. II. Cline, ticket agent for the Ca
nadian Pacific, goes to New York to
morrow for a month's vacation.
Mr. and Mrs. D. Mills Jr. and daughter
of Philadelphia, Pa., have taken apart
ments at the Palace.
W. R. Dewier, general agent of the San
ta Fe at Riverside, is in the city for a
few days.
Captain J. M. Griffith, a prominent lum
berman at Los Angeles, is a*, the Occi
dental.
J. A. Fillmore of the Southern Pacific
has gone to Ogden on a tour of inspec
tion.
N. E. de Yoo, a Modesto merchant, is at
the Lick.
L. A. McCray, an oil man from Bakers
field, is at the Russ.
Timothy Lop, a Sacramento lawyer, is
plopping at the Lick.
Sheriff T. H. Brown of Humboldt
County is at the Russ.
H. C. Schrender, a Nevada City minpr,
is stopping at the Lick. '
F. M. Swasey of the Redding Free Press
is registered at the Grand.
II. W. Hersey, dry goods man at Wat
sonville, is at the Grand.
L. B. Cox, an attorney at Portland, la
stopping at the Occidental.
PERSONAL MENTION.
LOCAL DEMOCRAT WHO WILL.
GIVE HIS SUPPORT TO Mc-
KINLEY.
the United States. I think ¦ that de
scribes my views exactly.
HORACE G. PLATT.
San Francisco, September 20, iqoo,
UP-TO-DATE
EDITORIAL
UTTERANCE
Views of the Press
. on Topics of the;
Times. :¦
LOUISVILLE COURIER-JOURNAL—
The return of good "times in the South
was slower than In .any other part of tin
country, but there Is no doubt of. tlu
prosperity that has now' arrived- and is
coming.'-. . . . ";'¦¦ ••'..- '¦¦:'. ¦¦'.- : . .
PHIl^VDELPHIA TIMES^Those who
control" the leading anthracite corpora
tions.have the power to end this content
at once, and it is their fluty t<> do so with
out .delay. " Arbitration ami '.discussion
may '.come later, if needed. • " '• ;. . '_ ;. •
INDIANAPOLIS JOURNALr-The busi
ness and commercial interests of the
country should : not be Instructed to the
keeping, of a. .party whose record In deal
ing with business, tjuestlons ts one of con
tlntious and unvarying failure. .¦'
INDIANAPOLIS PR ESS-There can ba
no financial- isolation without commercial
Isolation- as. an inevitable and. destructive
consequence.- The free coinage of silver
is a new Chinese wall which we are asked
to- construct around this country. v . : "; .
. CHICAGO TRIBUNE— In the North th^
Democrats' cannot agree upon .an' lssu>-.
In the- South, which Bryan Is sure to
carry- because or. the seemingly immortal
negro question, the doctrines of. the na
tional platform are spoken of with Indif
ference or contempt.
BROOKLYN EAGLE^-William McKln
ley has found th» way. Its wisdom and
justice commended it to the English Gov
ernment for imitation.- Th«y will mora
and more commend it and Its author tr
the regard of the American people. Ha
has made the Chinese war a foreign war.
PHILADELPHIA INQUIRER— Surely
there cannot be ah overwhelming deslra
for the free coinage of silver, otherwise
every Democratic speaker would be loud
ly proclaiming 1 his love for silver • upon
every platform. The Bryanites hav» in
dorsed 16 to 1; but they do. not talk
about It. ' ¦ :'¦'•;• .. '¦'. •¦¦ • . •
• DETROIT JOURNAL—Bryan explains
that. he. approved; the Paris treaty because
a worse one would' nave b«en present edw
But if. he could ' have defeated the firs;
treaty, a fahiy. good one, why could h>
not have put a second worse one to sleep
with equal easp? .Mr. Bryan is lame.s:
when he "explains." " • • • . ¦•
ST. .LOUIS GLOBE- DEMOCRAT— The
unanimity and vigor with which all the
German papers of influence throughout
the country are fighting Bryan show that
the trickster handsomely overreached
himself in attempting to- conceal the true
issue of the campaign by pretending that
another question which not one Demo
crat in ten cares, .anything about was tha
supreme Issue «f the canvass.. -
PHILADELPHIA NORTH AMERI
CAN— Hobson - has borne himself modestly
under most- trying circumstances. He ha^
never sought notoriety, but has been tha
prey of a notoriety-loving public. Hobsoa
Is not the only sufferer. But- the oth-r
day some one complained in the papers
because Dfwey, the' Immortal hero -of a
year ago. had not cut the grass In front
of his cift house.
PHILADELPHIA RECORD— Education
in this country has not been practical or
general enough to enable parents and
school officials to understand that a
child's mind is not capable of assimilating
all the material that can be crammed ln?->
It during six houra In school and two
hours of home study a day.
BOSTON TRANSCRIPT— Other nations
than ourselves have large commercial
interests in Cuba. They will consult
their convenience not ours should they
have strained relations with a separate
government of Cuba, and will look to u<»
as bound by the obligations we assumed
with regard to the Island to place our
friendly offices at their disposal in a man
ner authoritative to the Cubans.
MINNEAPOLIS TIMES— Every one will
be glad, should the strike be settled, for
another reason. It would not be an Issue
in the pending Presidential election. It
has no place In politics, being a matter of
plain justice and interstate commerce.
We have Issues enough, "parammmt" and
subsidiary, without Injecting •"¦rrs In
which calm reason never does if It ewr
could appear.
OMAHA BEE— There Is no danger to the
young man In this country so long as the
young man Is alive to his opportunities
and the necessities of the situation Th»
United States has achieved Its position
and maintains It through the restless en
ergy of its young men. and will continue
In the path of progress as long as youth
and nope Inspire each successive genera
tion. . . . •
PHILADELPHIA NORTH AMERICAN
—The public .has grievances: -Why 'should
innocent persons be made to. pay exor
bitant prices for coal? And. after all. it
is the poor man who Is going to suffer.
Therefore, we say. . let the strike be set
tled. Let the agree to arbi
tration. Neither employer . nor employe
"11 ri £ ht to be pig-headed In a matter
which affects the general Interests
he made his escape, and General Croole
requested that he be relieved from fur
ther pursuit of the chief. General MlleS
was sent after him and captured him in
May. IStfG. He was then pent to For;
Piokens. Fla., and in Octnher following
he was transferred to Fort Sill. Oklahoma:
HONOLULU TEMPERATURE-J. M.,
City. In Honolulu the average tempera
ture in October is 78 and in November 73.
During the nrst named month the mini
mum is 72. and the maximum S3. In the
last named month the minimum is 66 and
the maximum 80.
MORNING GLORY— N. N.. California.
The United States Agricultural Depart
ment fays that the way to eradicate the
morning dory, which is a nuisance on
the lands of many farmers in California,
is prevent seeding and thorough cultiva
tion of the land."
MEXICAN CLIMATE-J. M., City. The
differences of climate in the republic of
Mexico depend on the different degrees of
altitude. The mean annual heat of the
tlerras calientes (hot or littoral lands) is
77; that of the tierras templadas (temper
ate lands) is from 70 to SO and the climate
healthful, while in the tierras fria3 (cold
lands) the mean annual heat ranges from
bo to 68.
OLOGRAPHIC WILLr-Subscriber, Oak
land. Cal. The Code of California says
that "an olographic will Is one entirely
written, dated and signed by the hand of
the testator himself. It Is subject to no
form and may be made in or out of the
State and need not be witnessed." It has
been held that, such a will written on a
sheet of paper on which there was printed
San Francisco, 1S9..." could not be ad
mitted as an olographic will because there
were words on the paper not in the hand
writing of the testator.
EMPLOYER AND EMPLOTE-L. W
L... City. The law of California holds a
negligent or careless employe responsible
for any damage resulting to his employer
by reason of neplect or carelessness, but
is silent as to the responsibility of the
employe, if any, as to accidental damage
to machinery, tools or property of the em
ployer. If when an employe is discharged
or leaves of his volition there is a dispute
as to the amount of waj?es tendered the
employe can take the amount offered In
part payment and can sue for the bal
ance if the amount involved will warrant
going to law.
FEES IX CRIMINAL CASES— Sub-r
scrlber, Santa Cruz, Cal. The law which
authorized the payment of fees to Jurors
in criminal cases in California vas de
clared invalid by the Supreme Court.
Whether a County Treasurer who paid
out money to jurors under that law be
fore it was declared Invalid would be lia
ble for such money paid or not is a moot
ed question, as there never has been a
decision in this State covering stich a
.case. A judicial officer acting under u
law which is subsequently declared In
valid is protected, but a ministerial officer
who acts under such a law is not The
question asked involves a peculiar "condi
tion under that law, before declared in
valid, a Judge would authorize the pay
men L o f<. t^ fces of a juror « th e Auditor
would if the amount was as authorized
by that law audit the demand and It
would 50 to the Treasurer. If the Treas
urer refused to pay It on the ground that
he believed the law was Invalid, he might
be cited for contempt, and if he did pay
the demand and the law was declared ln
yalid he might be held liable on his bond
SotSsaiw. so made - as the iaw d °-
THURSDAY.. ...OCTOBER 4. 1900
'¦ JOHN D. SPRECKELS. Proprietor.
:• Address Vn. Communications to W. S. LEAKE, Manager.
MAKAGi:iVS OFFICE . • ; .Telephone
ITBLICAT1O.V OFKicK. . .Murkft anil TMrcJ. S. P.
.. • : Tplrpbnnp I'rosi" SOI.
EDITORIAL ROOMS 21T~to i21 Stevenson St.
Telephone I'reas 202.
Delivered l»r Carriers. IB On«« Ter Weelr.
Mnirlr Copies. 5 Centc. .
Term* !tj Mall. Including? rootnjre:
TUU.V CAT.T. f'nrhifllr.c Futvlny). on* y«>sir V™
. PATT.Y r.\T.T. (inolurfiiT 5Unda\>. f, north* ;J
T»ATT.T <-AT,T. flncliM'rir Si:r>dav). 3'mcnthf= '•;•'
;>AIT.T GAIXo-Br Month ,^,,
FEKPAT CA1JI.. One far I^n
TVEKKI.T CAII*. <">tv> Tfdr °°
. All poMmn*t<m nrc authorized to receive
«nb*r»-!ptf"tiw.
* Parr.pl* Vojiies will t>» forward »d when r«»ciue5te<l.
¦ Msf! fr«r*r-rl»x»rr« !n r-r^pring <-h»nc» r.f pMlW" tfHJuM *>•
r«rt!pu!nr to (ft* boih NEW AND OLD ADDRESS !n ort*r
to inrur* a prompt cr! <j correct compliance With th^ir request.
vJAKLAvn oFFirE 71 til is Broidwajr
ononon <\ k«oc\e s s
Venarer Fo-ei^n Advert ; sirf7, Wirquet'e Building. Chicago
(ljcr.g Distance 7<->rh<-ne "Central 161?.")
NTW YORK ronnrfPOXP^NT:
C. C. C ARLTOX. . Ilernld Square
KEW TORK REPRESKKTATIYE:
STEmr:\ n. SMITH ..'W TriTmne IlnlldlnB
N'FTW* VAUK KEtTS FTANTIS:
T*-«.I<;«T-r-AMr-r:a Hotel; A. r!r«?nt»no. SI t'r.Ion Squar;:
Murray I?n Hotel. .
CmCACO ICEW8 PTANT?:
Jn-.errnpn Houfe: P.. O. Xetrs Co.: Gr*>at Northern Hotel:]
Kr"fmcrt House: A-J<Jit«Tium Hotel. . . .
TVA5m\GTOV <I>. C) OFFICE H"W O St., X. W.
3IOHTOX E. CRAKE. Correspondent.
Ml A VCH OITIC72S I.T. VlcrXgovr.fry. corner of Clay. op*r, !
. • urtM r-:Z1 o'clock. 3'*> Hay«v=. open nrjif] »:*8 o'clock. «"!3
M~Ai::j>t#T. open until 9:C0 o'clock. 615 Ijsrkin. nr*n until
*:m oVloofc. i«4i Mir«!on. cr*n until 10 o'clock. 2261 Market,
'.ccmrr Etsfwrth, op<»n until I. o'clock^ 1086 Valencia! open
vrM\ * o'clock. 3^6 Kieventh. r>p*n ur.t'.l 9 o'clock. KW. cor
ner Twi'lllJ Wiling nr.<l Kentucky, open until 0 o'clock.
While it is regrettable, it is natural that there should
be a culmination of scandal to the course which John
C. Lynch has pursued. The office over which he
theoretically presides is one of the most important in
the Federal service. It has been a nest of disgrace
and crime. Its proper management demands the most
scrupulous honesty and the most rigid, untiring at
tention. Vast sums of money pass through it every
month. There is opportunity for fraud and dishon
est}'. Yet John C. Lynch has* delegated his important
stewardship to subordinates that he might dance ser
vile attendance upon lailroad manipulators and the
creatures which they have spewed into the political
life of California. Tt is natural that the expected
should have happened. Collector John C. Lynch has
been arraigned for gross neglect in the conduct of
his office. He is charged with vicious carelessness,
unbusinesslike methods and lapses which the most
charitably inclined insist are at least mysterious. His
course as Collector of Internal Revenue should serve
as a warning.
He has attached himself to the political bureau of
the Southern Pacific Company and shamelessly has
been active and offensive in promoting its interference
in the political affairs of California. He has deserted
his ofrice to become the tool and subservient agent
of the railroad and criminal bosses at Sacramento and
at State conventions. By implication he has made
the national administration wink at his delinquencies
as a public officer and indorse, by tolerance, his offen
sive participation in affairs not his own. He has allied
himself to men who are politically disreputable and is
better known as the truckling henchman of a discred
ited boss than as a Federal officer occupying a posi
tion of the most serious responsibility under the Gov
ernment.
It is perhaps not surprising that the official conduct
of John C. Lynch should throw discredit upon the
Republican party and jeopardize its success. This
man hjis neglected his duties so notoriously that he
has created widespread discussion in official circles,
•^s a legislator he was the dispenser of the favors of
the Southern Pacific Company, whose peculiar inter
ests in State legislation received his critical care and
protection. As a Collector of Internal Revenue he
has absented himself fromYhis office, delegating to
subordinates the duties which he is paid by the Fed
eral Government to perform. -
I OHNC. LYNCH, Collector of Internal Rev
ry\ enue, should be an object lesson and a warning
to men who occupy positions of public trust and
responsibility. At a time when the national adminis
tration is on trial before the voters of the State, when
interests of the most vital character to the Repub
lican party are at stake, his affairs, as a Federal officer
who reflects the national administration of which he
is a member, have become involved in a scandal and
are made the theme of public condemnation.
JOHN C. LYNCH ARRAIGNED.
HORACE G. PLATT, DEMOCRAT, FAVORS
PRESIDENT McKINLEY'S RE-ELECTION
Will Not Vote for Bryan, as He Considers it
Unwise to Endanger the Country's* .. \
Prosperous Condition.-
EDITOR San Francisco Call:
I have been a Democrat all my
life, but I could not vote for
Bryan at the last election for
reasons that were then apparent to all
gold Democrats. These reasons still
exist, and there are other reasons that
influence me. I do not think that it
would be wise for the United States to
change its present foreign policy. Mr.
Bryan says he will change it in the event
of his election. I do not think that it
would be wise to Have the business of
the United States disturbed by fear of a
repeal of the currency law which was
recently adopted. Mr. Bryan would en
deavor to change it and to reopen the
16 to 1 question. Such is . his avowed
purpose. Mr. Bryan would place in
power men who are his most sympa
thetic advisers. These men are all
strongly intent upon making a change
in our financial and foreign policies,
and many of them are in sympathy with
the socialistic and revolutionary ele
ments of society.
In other words, I think that the ad
ministration of our 'national affairs
during the past four years has left the
United States in such a prosperous con
dition that it would be unwise to place
in power any set of men or party that
would make a radical change in the
present financial and political policy of
In his pretense of reverence for the teachings of
Lincoln Bryan is as great a sham as when he pre
tended a like reverence for Jefferson and Jackson.
We challenge him to read Lincoln on the banks and
then continue his ambuscade behind Lincoln's fame.
The national banking system, instead of being .de
stroyed, should be advanced to meet the greater needs
of our larger business and population and to protect
labor against a vicious currency.
The legal tender act, authorizing the issue of the
national greenback currency, was passed the preced
ing February. In the message referred to Mr. Lin
coln said: "A return to specie payments, however, at
the earliest period compatible with due regard to all
interests, should ever be kept in view. Fluctuations
ii; the value of currency are always injurious, and to
reduce these fluctuations to the lowest possible point
v.il! always be a leading purpose in wise legislation.
Convertibility, prompt and certain convertibility,
into coin is generally acknowledged to be the best an 1
srtrest safeguard r.gainst them, and it is extremely
doubtful whether a circulation of United States notes
payable in coin and sufficiently large for the wants of
the people can be permanently, usefully and safely
maintained. Is there, then, any other mode by which
the necessary provision for the public wants can be
made and the great advantage of a safe and uniform
currency secured?
"I know of none which promises so certain results
and is at the same time so unobjectionable as the or
ganization of banking associations, under a general
act of Congress, well guarded in its provisions. To
such associations the Government might furnish cir
culating notes, on the security of United States bond?
deposited in the treasury. These notes, prepared
under the supervision of proper officers, being uni
form in appearance and security, and convertible al
ways into coin, would at once protect labor against
the evils of a vicious currency and facilitate commerce
by cheap and safe exchanges."
What Lincoln recommended Bryan announces his
purpose to destroy.
We would like for him to quote from Lincoln's
second regular message, delivered to Congress on the
first Monday in December. 1862.
Colonel Bryan, while exhibiting himself as the
wenrer of Lincoln's mantle and the devoted apostle of
Lincoln's views, proposes this destruction of the na
tional banks and expulsion of all metal currency.
He does not stop to think — indeed he never
thinks— that a return to the emission of greenbacks
will expel both gold and silver and throw the country
upon a fluctuating paper ba?is. The immediate effect
of the greenback issue in 1862 was to send all the gold
and silver out of the country. There was even no
small silver change left, and we were compelled to
resort to the forgotten postal currency, which was is
sued in denominations running from five up to fifty
cents. Our small silver coin all went over to Canada,
where there was such a plethora of it that the Cana
dians complained of too much change, while we had
none at all.
In his speeches and his letter of acceptance Colonel
Bfyan calls for a return to the unlimited issue of
greenbacks, or national currency, and the abolition of
national banks and destruction of that banking sys
tem. In this he agrees with the Populists, who first
nominated him, and with the greenbackers, who were
the fathers of the Populist movement.
As the States which are expected to give Colonel
Bryan 120 electoral votes' refuse self-government to
the negro and deny him the right to vote, the sole
means of self-government, that part of Lincoln's say
ing will not fit in with Colonel Bryan's interests.
Therefore he omits it.
Lincoln said: "A negro is a human being. To
deny him self-government is to destroy self-govern
ment."
Therefore the Colonel set out to conjure Republican
votes by telling on every stump that he represented
Lincoln Republicanism. To back this claim he pro
duced a lot of garbled quotations from Lincoln, ex
purgated so as to hit the Filipino and not include the
negro. These quotations he has declaimed all over
the North in the endeavor to woo Republicans from
their allegiance. In quoting Lincoln on consent of
the governed he omits the text of the sentence and
gives only the context.
/~* OLONEL BRYAN has lately let Jefferson and
( Jackson alone. He no longer misquotes thehi
on the money question. His attempt to trace
his crackleware notions back to those fathers of
Democracy had become rather ridiculous, in view of
their utter difference of opinion in regard to every
financial policy he has advocated.
LINCOLN AND BRYflN.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, OCTOBER 4, 1900.
If reports of devastation continue to come from
Cape Nome we will have no reason to be surprised if
some day we hear that the mining city has been blown
off the map.
A suggestion of hope for the future of the Philip
pines has at last been j-eceived. It is said upon au
thority that no one on the islands expects William
Jennings Bryan to win.
thinks she is herself.
The young lady whose sense of humor prompted
her to get married in a joke has been refused a di
'• vorce. She has the satisfaction of knowing that' some
people at least do -not consider her as funny as she
- If his Highness, the Mayor, does not take care he
V. likely to find himself under the ban of the smart
set.. The style of hats worn by the street cleaners
of New York has been changed and his Highness
bas not even suggested that our employes follow the
metropolitan example. And his Highness has always
been so .careful in such matters.
6
AMUSEMENTS.
Orarvfl Or*r!i-tini:<=»^-"'Th» Fnortirc Dncb«w.~
•Alcazar— "T*> I'ns nf Tsnnessw."
Tl voU— '."Tire Hnru'enoti.** '
rni-irih!*— "A Klffrt in Toxra."
~ California— "Traviata."
-¦ Alhatr.hra — "That Man."'
¦ Ori>hPun: — Va'j<5ev!ll<?.
ciynj^a. earner Sfasoa and rA*.r i-Ueet* ' Specialties.
ChutM.. Zoo end T.hfater— Vaudeville every afternoon and
rvenirc.
n Rchi»r'F— Vac 4ev11>.'
Putrn Hatt-x! — OrM nirht*.
Tanfnran Park— Ilarno?' Rar*?.
Cal. glace fruit 50c per n> at Townsend's.*
Best eyeglasses and specs 20 toj 40c.. Look
out 81 Fourth, front barber and. grocery. •
Special Information supplied daily to
business houses and public men by the
Press Cllppinsr Bureau (Allen's). B10 Mont-
gomery st. Telephone Main, }(M2. . •
Two British ships, sach over a century
old. were '¦¦till sailing ihe seas last year
Red headed people are less likely to be-
come bald than those who have hair of
other tints. • . ¦ ¦
Fall In?, under false colors ar» all cheap »nd
poisonous domestic substitute* of DR. 'SIE-
GERTS Angostura Blttsrs. th« irttf Soutb
American tonic * ' • ' .
Sunday Call
OCTOBER 7. 1900. :•*..
How 0. E. Smith Drove His Engine
Through Miles of Flame and Smoke
to Save a Burning Bridge.... V..v
The World's Greatest As- Shipping Horses io China
tronomer a San Fran- For the Emperor of
Cisco Girl. Germany.
The Most Magnificent Daily Life in Far-Away
Stable in the World. tahiti.
How to Beautify a Room And a Host of Other
With Home-Made Stories, All of Great
Furnishings. Human Interest.DAVID McCAIG. MOANA'S
CHIEF, HONORED BY MA
RINE ENGINEERS.
United States Ccast and Geodetic Survey-
Times and Heights of High and Low
Waters at Fort Point, entrance to San
Francisco "Bay. Published by official au
thority of the Superintendent.
NOTE.— The hluh and low waters occur at
the "city front (Mission-street wharf) about
twenty- five minutes later than at Fort Point;
the height of tide Is the same at both places.
Sun, Moon and Tide.
THURSDAY. OCTOBER 4.
Sun rises — .........4:07
Sun sets B:4S
Moon nets 1:23 a. m.
$3420.
The foundation for the new engine will
cost $1156 13. The contract for laying It
was let to the City Street Improvement
Company.
An informal agreement has been entered
into with Chief Engineer H. C. Holmes.
By it the Commissioners agTee to pav
Holmes no more than 10 per cent on any
or all of his patents. The matter Is going
Into the "United States courts, but no
matter what award !s madi all Holmes
by the present agreement can get from
the State is 10 per cent.
Captain Barneson, marine* superinten
dent of the transport service, wants the
sheds on Folsom street overhauled and
pot ready for ¦winter. The Commissioners
Mystic Shriners' Emblem Will Ap
pear in Flaming Colors.
The Mystic Shriners are making a float-
Ing palace of the Oceanic Steamship Com
panv's Zealandia. From stem to stern
the Vessel is being overhauled and put In
to the very best of order. On the bow
the emblem cf the order has been Panted
in flaming colors. It will be reproduced
on th« smokestack and also on the port
and starboard quarters. An elaborate
painting was to have been put on the
stern but Captain Howard, superinten
dent of the steamship company, would
not allow the vessel's name to be painted
out and the Shriners will have to be con
tent with the decorations that are now
on the Zealandia.
The steamer Moana leaves to-night on
her last voyage from San Francisco to
Australia. Chief Engineer D. McCa«g
has made a host of friends here and the
Marino Engineers' Association ofth«
United States would not allow him to
leave without a token of their regard.
The chief was here in the Mararoa nearly
fifteen vears ago and was then for years
In the Monowal. In the latter vessel he
went with the first New Zealand contin
gent to South Africa and for his services
received a gold medal from the Govern
ment In presenting him with a hand
some ring. fe. W. Tucker on behalf of thfl
engineers of San Francisco said yester
day:
I have had a very pleasant duty delegated
to me sxd one -which I can perform vnlh a
great deal of pleasure, and with but one regn t.
and that is that our mutual friend nairy
Tabrett is not with us.
You have been coming to our city for ?he
cast fourteen years, during which time *e
have had the opportunity to Judge of your
qualifications and v.e have found you to be
a man and a gentleman and a thorough inns
ter of your profession, and ready to extend the
right hand of fellowship on all occasions.
We nre sorry to know that you are making
your last vlfit. and in view of ihal fact we
have assembled here to present jou with a
token of our regard and esteem, not for Its
Intrinsic v?Iuc, but as an expression of our
feelings toward you, and -•«- the years roll
by and you are running to other ports you
¦will look "back upon this occasion with pleasant
memories and with this signet < f friendship
on your hand can never forget your engineer
friends In San Francisco.
Chief Engineer McCalg made a suitable
reply and then there was a general cele
bration. The chief expects to "o into the
Intercolonial trade and the only occasion
on which he will see his old friends will
be when the Moana Is lying at either Syd
nev or Melbourne.
The following Important notice to sea
faring men has been issued by the Light
house Inspector:
Notice is hereby given that the steam chime
whistle on Saw FrancUco light vessel No. 70,
off entrance to San Francisco harbor, Califor
nia, is disibied and du.-.ns thick or foggy
weather a bell will be struck by hand. Repairs
will be completed In two or three days, when
due notice will be given.
The following report from the whaling
fleet has been received by Madison, Bruce
& Sellars: Augrust 22— Narwhal two, Be
luga Bowhead and Penelope clean; Au
gust 29— Fearless two, William Baylies
clean, Alexander and Jeannette one each;
September 27— Grampus ten and Beluga
twenty-seven. -*"''¦¦' ir - :
Charles C. Moore & Co. were given a
contract^ build a new water tube boiler
between ferry slips 3 and 4 by the Harbor
Commissioners yesterday. The price Is
DECORATING THE ZEALANDIA.
THE salvage of the steam schooner
Jeanie- Js etlll among the possi
bilities. According to latest ac
counts she has been washed clea
across foe reef and now lies In
deep water. The question now Is how to
get her back across the reef. She Is not
damaged to any extent, but lies in such.
a portion that no tu? can approach her
The steam schooner Shelicof went nor t.i
Tuesday night to do what nhe could for
her "sister in dtatresaj and everything pos
sible will be done to save the old Arctic
supplv boat. The underwriters have also
sent north a tug and between the two it
Is expected that the Jeanie will be sa\ed.
Old timers hold another opinion. hoy>e\er.
and according to them the Jeanie w ill end
her davs on the beach off Point Arena.
The position in which the Jeanie is now
Placed is one of the most remarkable in
the historv of marine mishaps of the
coa«t Here is a vessel with nothing but
her' rudderpost gone, making no water
and able to get up a full head of steam,
bu vet as powerles? as a steamer wnn
her shaft broken, lving entrapped like a
cork in a teacup. She He? In a perfectly
safe position, but cannot move one hun
dred yards to save herself. The reef over
which she has been washed b an the way
and nothing but some clever engineering
work will ever get the Jeanie into deep
water again. .
TO ARRIVE.
Steamer Movements.
EASTERN rORT.
Sept 29: stmr Westport. hence Oct 2; achr J a
Wall, hence Sert 27.
ASTORIA— Sailed Oct 3— Stmr Fulton, for San
Francisco.
Arrived Oct S— Ger ship Slrlus, from Yoko
hama.
COOS BAY-Salled Oct 3-Schr Emma Utter,
for San Diero.
Arrived Oct 3— Stmr Arcata. hence Oct 1.
CASPAR— Arrived Oct 3 — Stmr Cleone. hence
Oct 1.
Railed Oct 3— Stmr Luella. for San Francisco.
SOUTH BEND-Salled Oct 3-Stmr Rival, for
San Francisco.
SEATTLE— Arrived Oct 3-Stmr John S Kim
ball, hence Sect 23.
CAPE XOME— In port Sept 15— Stmr Signal,
from Grays Harbor.
Sailed Sept 25— Stmr Robert Dollar, for Se
attle.
GREENWOOD— Sailed Oct 3— Stmr Aleatraz,
for Pan Pedro.
Arrived Oct 3— Stmr Whitesboro. hence Oct 2.
Sailed Oct 3— Stmr 'Whltesboro. for Port Los
Angeles.
FOREIGN PORTS.
NEW YORK-Salled Oct 2-Stmr Advance,
for Colon.
YOKOHAMA— Sailed Sept 2»— Stmr City of
Peklnr, for Fan Francisco.
ACAPULCO—Salled Oct 1-Stmr San Jose, for
San Francisco.
HONGKONG— Arrived Oct 2— Br stmr Em
press of China, from Vancouver
NANAIMO— Arrived Oct 2— Br stmr Robert
Adamson. hence Pert 27.
NOUMEA— Arrived Oct 3— Schr Honoipu,
from Port Hadlock.
VAI^PARAIPO— In port Sept 24— Br ship Com
llebank. for Santa Rosalia.
NAGASAKI— In port Sept 2— Br ship Torrts
dale, for Taroma.
SYDNEY— Arrived prior to Oct S-Etmr Marl
poca, hence Sent 5.
PORT PIRIE— Arrived prior to Oct 2— Nor
bark Fortuna. from Port Gamble.
LI VERPOOL- Arrived Oct 2— Fr bark Mar
the Rouk, hence May 15.
OCEAN STEAMERS.
LIVERFOOLr-Salled Oct 3— Stmr Nomadic,
for New York.
LONDON — Arrived Oct 3 — Stmr Mesaba, from
" CHERBOURG— Arrived Oct 3— Stmr Graf
¦yValdersee. from New York.
SOUTHAMPTON— Palled Oct 2— Stmr Kalser
ln Maria Theresa, from Bremen, for New York.
QIJEENSTOWN— Sailed Oct 3— Stmr Servla.
for New York: stmr Ultonla, for Boston; both
from Liverpool.
NEW YORK— Sailed Oct 3— Stmr St Louis, for
Southampton: stmr Frlesland, for Antwerp.
Arrived Oct 3 — Stmr Lahn, from Bremen,
Southampton and .Cherbourg
LIZARD— Passed Oct 4— Stmr Kaiser Frled
erlch, from New York, for Cherbourg and Ham
burr. '¦"-;"
ally lived as well as written. For if the
age was golden It was not merely because
there were a few great lights, but also be
cause there was a high ideal of life
and conduct, a love of learning and an
effort after the best. -
It was a time when the struggle for a
national existence was over, but the re
sponsibility of establishing a national life
remained; when puritanlsm had relaxed
its hold as a dogma, but the conscience
was still braced by its moral power; when
the pioneer's ax no longer rang in the
forest, but the chopping of firewood was
still a daily chore for Intellectual youth:
¦when the inward necessity to read and
think was scarcely less imperative than
the outward obligation to labor, and the
good housewife, after storing her pies In
the cupboard, opened her Plato and re
freshed herself at the storehouse of
Greek thought.
The conditions were almost unique in
history. There was something of the
Scotch background of religious austerity
and simplicity cf life: but the Scotch was
steeped in traditions; the New Englanders
had crossed the sea with no superfluous
baggage of this sort, and stood In a new
land, whose history was the history of
individuals, not of the race. Even the re
ligious austerity had softened and become
their one tradition. Dr. Channtng's elo
quence had commended freedom and
brotherly love, and Unltarianlsm, spoken
of somewhere by the pood doctor as only
the vestibule of tfie religion to come, was
for the nonce the national church. The
people were independent, but In one re
spect still colonial. English literature
was still a mother country for the mind.
as it always will be; they had no new
language in which to clothe their new
thought: they had not even, like Burns,
a dialect to be raised to the dignity of a
language. Their eye read of the lark and
the nightingale, while their ear listened
to the bobolink and the whip-poor-will.
On the one hand culture, on the other
freedom of thought.
The. former made Its home in Cam
bridge; the latter took up its abode in
Concord. There was no battle between
theni as between French classicism and
romanticism: their relations were of the
friendliest. Both were necessary to the
A. BRONSON ALCOTT.
NOTE.— In the above exposition of the tide*
the earlv morning tides are given in the left
hand column and the successive tides of th«
day In the order of occurrence as to lime of
the day. *he third time column the third tide
and , the last or right -hand column gives the
last tide of the day, except when there are but
three tides, as sometimes occurs. The heights
-iven are in addition to the sounding on the
United States Coast Survey charts, except
when a minus stsrn (— ) precedes tho height,
and then the number given la subtracted from
th« depth 'given by. the charts.: The plane of
reference Is the mean »>f the lower low waters.
development of the country. But to find
the true American spirit and the national
tanjr of character we turn to the villace
of Concord, with Its farms and meadows.
Its Mow winding river and the wooded
solitude of Walden close at hand. It was
Emerson's "own hearthstone," his home
for fifty years.
No mind could have been more fitted
than Emerson"s to express the best hope
and genius of his country. He carried his
culture within: books were an accident to
hi-n' he needed no esthetic or traditional
surroundings. He established a weather
bureau at Concord. In Just relation with
the stars and the elements, and made his
local report of a universal truth. It was
an utterance outside party and creed, and
It leavened American thought In more
way's than can be accurately computed.
He urged to self-reliance and courage,
bade hla countrymen "leave authors' eyes
»nd fetch your own." No one was less
bound by tradition, and yet he had the
reverence of one to whom truth Is neither
old nor new. but eternal. He valued free
dom of thought, but It was not. to his
mird, a law to be established by act of
Congress or by the subversal of all other
acte; it was the simple, inalienable right
of every man who had it in him to think
AH New England came Into some sort
of touch with Emerson. His long, serene,
upright life in Concord was an Inspira
tion. HIb lecture* stirred people to a be
lief in vast spiritual possibilities. They
were read from manuscripts In which it
Pears Gets the. Grand Prize.
At the Paris. Exhibition, which naturally at
tracted the world's best toilet products. Pears
has obtained the only grand prize awarded sole
ly for toilet, eoap. This Is the highest award
obtainable for anything at that exhibition.
This la the twenty-flrat occasion 'on which
Pears' scap i ha« " received the highest award
at an international exhibition.
pave orders to have the gutter? clearetl
and the wharf placed in thorough repair.
Plans for a market, hosehouse, net
house, fences and gates, as v/ell aa net
rails for the new fishermen's wharf at
section B were submitted by Chief En
gineer Holmes and placed on file by the
board.
NEWS OF THE OCEAN.
Matters of Interest to Mariners and
Shipping Merchants.
The Amelia loads lumber from Taeoma to
Honolulu; the Alexander, railroad ties from
Needle Rock to Salinas Cms; the C. B. Ken
ney, merchandise to Melbourne, lump sum.
Merchandise for Tahiti.
The bris Galilee, which cleared Tuesday for
Papetee, carried a general cargo valued at
123.SS7, Including the following: 4 cs amis and
ammunition. 4 cs ammonia. 7 pktrs butter, 23
uks beans. 5 bales batjs, T5 sks bran. 12 Bks
rolled barley. US ctls barley. Cl tins 25.246 tbs
bread. 115 cs canned goods, 12 pkgs ship
chandlery. 53 cs coal oil. 5 cs candles, 14 bdls
cordase, 22S Itis cheese. 54 pkgg Chinese poods,
5 pksrs Chinese provisions. "9 os dry Koods, /
cs druKS. 225 IT)S dried fruit. 1022 bbls flour.
5 era furniture, S3 sks feed. 33 pkss groceries
and provisions. 8 cs glassware. 11 grindstones,
M cs hardware, R ca fruit. 16S1 feet lumber.
3 ers millwork. 67 keijs nails, 23 bdls oars, U
crs onions. 27 cs oil. 3 bales oakum. 4 cs paste,
S cs paint. 25 bales paint. 17 Bks" potatoes,
2711 lbs lard. 2R cs lamp goods. -30.3&6 lbs rice,
3 kegs sauerkraut, 6911 lt>s sugar, 60 bales salt,
8 eewlnir machines, 20 cs vegetables, 4 cs
stationery, 8 cs shces, 186 cs soap, 2.6 cs 15
bbls salmon, 7 kegs horseshoes, 221 lbs tobacco,
8 cs wagon material, 11 reels wire, 2228 gals
wine.
Mules and Forage for China,
The German steamer Alesia, which cleared
Tueedaj- for Taku, carried the following for
the German Government: 535 mules, 6 horses,
365 tons hay, 160 tons oats, 15 tons carrots,
15 tons bran and various electrical machinery.
STEAM SCHOONER JEANIE AS SHE LIES IN APPARENTLY SAFE POSITION. SHE WILL HAVE TO BE
HAULED BACK OVER THE REEF AGAIN, HOWEVER, IF SHE IS EVER TO SAIL OVER THE BLUE PA
CIFIC OCEAN.
Waves Force the Schooner 'Over a Reef and She Is
in a Most Peculiar Position— Salvage May
JEANIE LIES ENTRAPPED IN
ROCKY CUP ON OCEAN'S EDGE
Note— This study, by Miss Sophia Ktrk
of Wellesley College, will be concluded on
Saturday. .
People were quick to. recosmlze In tha :
Zenobla of "The Bllthedale Komance" a '
portrait of Margaret Fuller. That It was
so Intended was denied by Hawthorne ami;
there seems little occasion to contradict;
him. But he could hardly have put any' ;•¦
woman's figure In the vanguard of. the
thinking world of New England without : '.
reminding his readers of a woman whos*
writings are now forgotten., though they »
were not without vigor, but whose con-- •
versation is an unwritten episode of our ...
literary history. She was a frequent vis
itor In Concord and an intimate friend- of
Its group of writers and talkers, to whom
the name of the Transcendental school ~
has often been given. She was one of tha
staff of the memorable little paper,- the ¦
Dial. She taujrht. wrote and lectured and •
was the embodiment of New England as
piration and intellectual energy. The '.
story of her marriage in Italy to a young ¦
Italian patriot, handsome, but with no In- !
tellectual gifts and scant education, wav '
the first Installment of a curious serial,
the only one written, for husband and '
wife perished in a shipwreck, two years
later while on their way to America. : : :•'¦ ;
dilettante: the third treats of those con
temporary Ideas which to the shrewd
Yankee so oddly bound, up with the po*t
in Hawthorne's composition were so futile
and absurd. • -.- ¦'•¦ • ¦••..•
WASHINGTON IRVING AT 28.
mattered little whether he turned over
one page or two. His prose is a series of
great fragments finding their religion In
the unity of the thought which has hewn
and polished them. His poetry is still
more condensed, the essence of nis f^ncy.
with a runic tune of Its. own.
To Thoreau. a native of Concord and
another Independent spirit, the assertion
of freedom was- not tnough; It n**eUetl
proclamation. "The world w»3 too rfutch
with him" even in Concord; he ret'-r^d to
tho barks of Waltlenand built himself a'
hut, where ho abode for tv.o year*;, a pro
ceeding which was somehow contriver, to
give posterity the notion that he passed
his entire life in the company of the owls
and the squirrels. His hermitage wa.«,
however, within a mile or two «>{ very
choice 9ociet> ; he still went to town "lik 1 ?
a friendly Indian," as he expressed it. and
kept up relations with the Emersrins-. witli
Bronson Alcott, whose lmperviousne«>s f>
depression was an Inspiration to hla
friends, and with Ellery Charming,
nephew of the preacher, a poet of medita
tive verse, with a tine elevated line here
and there. Thoreau escaped the morbid
ne3s and self-introspection which is the
danger of the solitary. He was a cheerful
hermit. A delight in "roughing it" is les*
rare in our day than it was in hia. perhaps
because the comforts of ¦ life .have in
creased; but of all cur amateur woodsmen
Thoreau is the most aboriginal, and his
"Walden" remains one of the freshest of
outdoor books*, off-hand in style, but cl.ear
and firm, with deep, delicate observation.
Hawthorne belonged to Salem, but h-».
is nevertheless among the most cherished,
memories of Concord, having lived for.
three vears in his early married life at
the Old Manso and returned to take hi*
long rest In the Sleepy Hollow graveyard.
He is the greatest creative writer of mir
golden age and the most American. Th».
very marrow of New England is In hi.*:
books. Xever was thcie a more perfect
tie between author and subject than'
when Hawthorne wroto "The Scarlet Let'-'
ter." In a solitary youth he had brooded
over the lives of those Puritan ancestor*
not so very far removed from him— nearor
In some rpspects than his contempora-^
ries— for Hawthorne was out of touch
with the reaction of his day with all It-.
IdioFyncrasies; It was new and temporary
to him comnared with the old creed whlcii
was part of the granite rock and smack*'!.,
of the east wind. In F.-.me crevice of th*
granite h» found a flower of romance-. It
was a theme at once fantastic and poippi
antly r*>al; it suited his genius anfl
strengthened It. On th;» stern background
of formalism ho brought oct a great im
¦ aginative story, bestowing on it pom" 1 -,
i thing of the minute 'ateful care which
Hester gave to embroidering the srarif?
letter on her gray gown. The honk has Ita
never-to-be-forgotten scenes, like the ro
mances of Victor Huero. hut they are not
projected into a forcd relief like those of
the great French novelist, but are closelv
Interwoven parts of a whole that Is singu
larly harmonious with every detail In per
fect keeping. The purity of tone Is as flaw
less as the style. The absence of passion,
even of tenderness, is a merit, not a de
fect: no such note could have been Intro
duced without changing the whole deli
cate scheme of color, and we dr> not mi""
passion in the restrained Intensity and
truth of the work. th« stprn pathos lnh*r
ent In the situation. In "The House of thr-
Seven Gables." "The Marble Faun" an-l
"The Blithedale Romance," beautiful na
they are In workmanshio. the Interest Is
less sustained and profound. The fir*r
Is too obviously a study: the second. !n
srjite of Its charmln? itinerary and th«»
distillation of the essence of Xew England
maidenhood In Hilda, la too unreal and'
The golden age to which nations and
Individuals look back with longing is the
period of their youth; indeed, the very
phrase owes Its exlstance to a belief In
herent in the race that In youth alone
happiness 13 possible and the creative
power active. The highest achievement
of American literature, lies, it Is to be
hoped, somewhere ahead, but when we
ppeak of the golden age that is past we
have unrolled before us the years of its
maturing youth— a youth that a country
may well be proud to remember.
The admirable novels of. Cooper, the
graceful prose of Irving, the fantastic
creations of Poe, even the poems of Bry
ant belong to an .earlier youth; they are
Isolated productions, unrelated to each
other, related in varying degrees to the
life of the country. Bryant alone of these
•writers survived to live side by side with
the croup who make up the literary period
called the Kolden age. In which our litera
ture became more compact and homo
geneous, confined to one section of the
country and having a certain unity of
purpose and Idea. To take the right
measure of this period It is not enough
to read the poems, romances and essays
which are its best legacy to us. We must
also dip into. biography to see under what
conditions these works were broueht
forth, and glance at the lesser fragments
of its literature, pages which have been
Justly thrown cut. because what they say
is better said elsewhere, but which testify
to the fact that certain truths had sifted
through the common thought, and were,
often in queer and distorted forms, actu-
FORT BRAGG— Arrived Oct 3— Stmr Noyo,
henoe Oct J.
MONTEREY— Arrived Oct 3— Stmr Newsboy,
from Usal. '¦."•»
PORT "GAMBLE— Arrived Oct 3— Schr Win
Bowden, from Port Townsend.
Sailed Oct " 3— Pchr Ida Schnauer, for San
Francisco; schr R WBartlett, for San Fran-
Cisco.
NEWPORT— Arrived Oct 3 — Stmr Homer,
from Eureka.
EUREKA— Arrived Oct ?— Bktn Ruth, hence
Sept 22; stmr Brunswick, hence Oct 1; schr Ida
McKay, hence • Sept 25.
Arrived Oct 3— Schr J B Leeds, hence Sept 22;
schr Laura Pike, hence S*pt 26; schr Una, hnc
DOMESTIC PORTS.
¦ Per stmr Iaqua— Oct 2. 10:30 p m. 10 miles
.west of Plfceon Point, passed a schopner with
mainmast Kone, foresail and Jib set. Wind
fresh SE. Probably schr Daisy Rowe.
MISCELLANEOUS.
LONDON, Oct— Br. stmr Emir, from Norfolk,
for Manila, at Port Said Oct 1. is aground In
Suez Canal. Her forehold full of water, main
hold partly full: discharging cargo. Steam
pumps have been sent for and divers engaged.
POINT LOBOS, Oct "3, 10 p m— Weather
cloudy; wind SW, velocity 8 miles.
TELEGRAPHIC.
Wednesday, October 3.
Stmr Eureka, Jessen.' Eureka..
Stmr Geo Loomls. Bridsett. Terminal Island.
Ger stmr Alesia, . Knuth, Taku.
Schr, Newark, Beck, Bowens Landing:.
Schr' John A, Nllsson. Grays Harbor.
Schr Newark. Beck, Bowens Landing.
Schr Mlzpah, Sutherland. Coquille River.
Barge Santa Paula, Nielsen. Ventura. In tow
of tu~ Rescue. < ¦•¦.-¦ .
SAILED.
¦Wednesday, October 3.
Stmr Corona. Glelow, San Dleso. etc; Good
all. Perkins & Co.
Schr Wlnslow, Blrkholm. Salinas Cruz; C A
Horrer & Co.
CLEARED.
Wednesday, October 3.
Stmr Queen, Rellly, 63 hours from Seattle.
Stmr Iaqua, Bash, 33 hours from San Pedro.
Stmr Pomona, Shea. 184 hours from Eureka.
Stmr Tlllamook, Hughes, 14 hours from Al
bion.
Stmr sequoia, Winkle, 17 hours from Fort
Bragg.
Nor strer Tltania, Gulllksen. 91 hours frotai
Kanalmo.
Br stmr TVarfleld, Pattie, 4% days from Oys
ter Harbor.
Shipping Intelligence.
ARRIVED.
The schooner Wlnslow cleared yesterday for
Salinas Cruz with 24,416 railroad ties, valued
at JS04C.
Railroad Ties for Mexico.
dynamos, etc., valued at $10,000, which wll
bo returned to the United States. The valu<
of - the cargo, exclusive'* of tho electrical ma
chlnery, was {75,557. : The steamer also car
rled a large quantity of stores to the America]
troops In China for the United States Gov
ernment. : : : .''-Zl
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, 4 OCTOBER 4, 1900.
"WALT WHITMAN.
TO BAIL.
XVII.
THE CALL'S
HOME STUDY CIRCLE
GENERAL REVIEW OF AMERICAN LITERATURE.
Copyright, 19OO, by Seymour Eaton.
LITERARY TMLK.S /\NO REMINISCENCES.
7
Steamer. I . From. I Due.
From.
Due.
Crescent City.. [Crescent City Oct. 4
Bonlta [Newport Oct. 4
Point Arena. ...IPolnt Arena Oct. 4
Carlisle City ... China and Japan Oct. 4
Umatllla Victoria Oct. 5
North Fork Humboldt Oct. 6
Santa Rosa San Diego Oct. t
Arcata Coos Bay Oct. 6
Eureka IHumboldt Oct. 6
Newburg ISan Pedro v Oct. 6
Rival IWMlapa :. Oct. B
State of Cal... [Portland Oct. 7
Pomona IHumboldt Oct. 8
Coos Bay lNewpori Oct. 8
San Jose I New York Oct. f
America Maru..lChlna and Japan Oct. 9
Australia (Honolulu Oct. 9
Rainier Seattle Oct. 9
City of Pnebla. Victoria — ... Oct. 9
Mlneola Tacoma .~.~-.. Oct. 9
Corona San Diego .,, Oct. 10
Steamer. I Destination. I
Sails.
Pier.
Empire .... Coos Bay Oct. 4. 10 am
Del Norte.. Portland Oct. 4. 8 am
Moana Australia Oct. 4. 9 pm
Lakme ..... Humboldt Oct. 4. 12m
Walla VT... Victoria Oct. 4. 11am
Corona .... San Dleiro Oct. 4, 11 am
Pomona ...Humboldt Oct. 6. 2pm
Luella Caspar Oct. 6, 4 pm
Coq. -River. Grays Harbor Oct. 5
Newburg .. Grays Harbor Oct. 6
Bonlta INewport Oct. 6.11am
Curacao ...IMexlco ..Oct. 7, 10am
Eureka |Humboldt Oct. 8.10 am
City 8ydneylNew York.... Oct. 8, 12 m
Pt. Arena. | Point Arena.. Oct. 8. 2 pm
Umatllla ..| Victoria...'.... Oct. 8. 11 am
Santa Hosa Sam Dletro Oct. 8, 11 am
North Fork Humboldt Oct. 9, 9 am 1
Rival JWlllap* Oct. 9
Arcata ....|Coo8 Bay Oct. 9, 12 m
Coptic China* Japan Oct. 10, 1 pm
State Cal.. Portland Oct. 10, 11 am
Coos Bay... Newport Oct. 10, 9 am
Pier 13
Pier 30
Pier 7
Pier 8
Pier 9
Pier 11
Pier 9
Pier 3
Pier 24
Pier 11
Pier 13
PMSS
Pier I
Pier »
Pier 11
Pier 3
Pier 13
PMSS
Pier 24
Pier U
O ITlmel ITlme Tlmel ITlmal
p I 1 Ft. I Ft. 1 Ft. I ! Ft.
» L W |HW LW IHW
"4 1:20 0.6 8:18 6.0 1:53 2.1 7:51 5.0
6*'" 2-09 0.7 8:5G 5.3 2:44 1.4 8:69 5.1
6"" 2:59 0.9 9:32 5.4 3:32 0.8 9:59 .5.2
7 " 3:40 1.2 10^)0 5.7 4:19 0.3 10:37 6.2
8* 4:11 1.5 10:45 5.9 5:03—0.1 11:32 5.1
9 * 501 1.9! 11:23 6.01 S:53l-fl.4 1
10 0:4S 4.9) 5:42 2.3| 12:03| S.0| 6:45|— 0.4
Steamer. I . From. I Due.
From.
Due.
Crescent City.. [Crescent City Oct. 4
Bonlta [Newport Oct. 4
Point Arena. ...IPolnt Arena Oct. 4
Carlisle City ... China and Japan Oct. 4
Umatllla Victoria Oct. 5
North Fork Humboldt Oct. 6
Santa Rosa San Diego Oct. t
Arcata Coos Bay Oct. 6
Eureka IHumboldt Oct. 6
Newburg ISan Pedro v Oct. 6
Rival IWMlapa :. Oct. B
State of Cal... [Portland Oct. 7
Pomona IHumboldt Oct. 8
Coos Bay lNewpori Oct. 8
San Jose I New York Oct. f
America Maru..lChlna and Japan Oct. 9
Australia (Honolulu Oct. 9
Rainier Seattle Oct. 9
City of Pnebla. Victoria — ... Oct. 9
Mlneola Tacoma .~.~-.. Oct. 9
Corona San Diego .,, Oct. 10
Steamer. I Destination. I
Sails.
Pier.
Empire .... Coos Bay Oct. 4. 10 am
Del Norte.. Portland Oct. 4. 8 am
Moana Australia Oct. 4. 9 pm
Lakme ..... Humboldt Oct. 4. 12m
Walla VT... Victoria Oct. 4. 11am
Corona .... San Dleiro Oct. 4, 11 am
Pomona ...Humboldt Oct. 6. 2pm
Luella Caspar Oct. 6, 4 pm
Coq. -River. Grays Harbor Oct. 5
Newburg .. Grays Harbor Oct. 6
Bonlta INewport Oct. 6.11am
Curacao ...IMexlco ..Oct. 7, 10am
Eureka |Humboldt Oct. 8.10 am
City 8ydneylNew York.... Oct. 8, 12 m
Pt. Arena. | Point Arena.. Oct. 8. 2 pm
Umatllla ..| Victoria...'.... Oct. 8. 11 am
Santa Hosa Sam Dletro Oct. 8, 11 am
North Fork Humboldt Oct. 9, 9 am 1
Rival JWlllap* Oct. 9
Arcata ....|Coo8 Bay Oct. 9, 12 m
Coptic China* Japan Oct. 10, 1 pm
State Cal.. Portland Oct. 10, 11 am
Coos Bay... Newport Oct. 10, 9 am
Pier 13
Pier 30
Pier 7
Pier 8
Pier 9
Pier 11
Pier 9
Pier 3
Pier 24
Pier 11
Pier 13
PMSS
Pier I
Pier »
Pier 11
Pier 3
Pier 13
PMSS
Pier 24
Pier U
O ITlmel ITlme Tlmel ITlmal
p I 1 Ft. I Ft. 1 Ft. I ! Ft.
» L W |HW LW IHW
"4 1:20 0.6 8:18 6.0 1:53 2.1 7:51 5.0
6*'" 2-09 0.7 8:5G 5.3 2:44 1.4 8:69 5.1
6"" 2:59 0.9 9:32 5.4 3:32 0.8 9:59 .5.2
7 " 3:40 1.2 10^)0 5.7 4:19 0.3 10:37 6.2
8* 4:11 1.5 10:45 5.9 5:03—0.1 11:32 5.1
9 * 501 1.9! 11:23 6.01 S:53l-fl.4 1
10 0:4S 4.9) 5:42 2.3| 12:03| S.0| 6:45|— 0.4
GRAND OPERA-/ HOUSE
MATINEES SATURDAY AND SUNDAY.
NEWS c^lMWW fogs I PAHY
ONLY THIS WEEK
The Great Kr.gilsh Racing Drama,
The Sporting Duchess,
NEXT WEEK '..."IN PARADISE."
EVENING PRICES— IOC. ISc, 25e. Out. ,
A Few Front Rows in Orchestra 75c.
MATINEE PRICES-IOc. 15c. S5e. 50c.
No Hlchw.
Branch Ticket Office— Emporium.
ALF ELLINGHOUSE Prop, and Mngr.
AcknoTfleflced to be the funniest show In town.
MATINEE SATURDAY— TO-NIGHT.
A. M. Palmer'* SENSATIONAL FARCE-
COMEDY SUCCESS,
"THAT MAN."
Presented by the Comedian,
WALTER WALKER.
The Dainty Comedienne.
MISS MILDRED ST. PIERRI.
And a Strong Company. !
Next Sunday Afternoon — The Record-breaker.
Hoyt's Very Best,
"A TEXAS STEER."
From Madison-square Theater. New York.
Popular Prices — Evening. lRc. 25c, 35c. 50o and
T5c; Matinee, 15c, 25c. Kte and 50c. Phone South
778.
CHUTESjvnd ZOO
EVERY AFTERNOON AND EVENING.
SPECIAL TO-NIGHT :
....THE AMATEURS....
IN
SPECMLT/ES
AND
LADIES' OBSTACLE RACE.
THE CONGO FAMILY,
Telephone for Seats — Park 23.
SUTRO B«-rHS.
OPEN NIGHTS.
Open Daily From 7 a. m. to 11 p. m.
Bathing- From % 7 a. m. to 10 p. m.
ADMIESION 10c. CHILDREN 3c
Bathlnr. Including admlsglon. 2jc: Children. 20e.
?O-+O4-0-* O+O-* O ? 04-0-*0-»-0-*-0-»-0-«
0 t\
9 H NStUral Mill8ral Wat8F o
4 rijE& known fer csnturies end +
<> //Sp* Imported q
o £yj§p!L ONLY IN BOTTLES. 1
o /9^^^- or ser^ e r e <l Btom&ch ?
9 SSjSSSzS Its Talus has been testl. O
X *T%ffip*r%t'r " otf to by t k° usan<l8 ' ?
X " JQCHY So-called Vichy la Sy. °
O III!!! IS NOT°V 8 ICHY. £
? gOgjg Get the Genuine. J
? ttai^?lPi Your physician 0
ttflJ^IvT^ w '" recommend It. ?
O gaggWga A. TIOyiEB. Plitrlbcttat Agtnt J
Specialists
j»v1t1 C 11
\ I - J/ S7RICTLT RELIABLE
DR. TALCOTT & CO.
997 Market St, Cor. 6th St.
Pretty
Eye-Glasses
As we make them are perfectly comfortable,"
Dcn't nip, tip or slip, all with tha new dip,
attached to any old pair for BOc.
Oculists' prescriptions filled. Fact6ry on
premises: quick repairing. Phone Main 10.
OPTICiANS^V^mT.
642 Market 5t. instruments
ukdir cmronicu Bun.Din&. CATALOGUE FREE.
Dr. Bennett's Electric Belt
Makes weak men and women strong and strong
men and women stronger. Rooms 6 and 6, 47
Post if. Ean Francisco. Cal. ¦.
DR. GROSSMAN'S SPECIFIC MIXTURE
For the cure of GONORRHOEA. GLEETS,
STRICTURES and nna.lagous complaints of ths
Organ* of Generation. ; :
Price $1 a bottle. For eale by drujrgiets.
Weffly Gal $1.00 u Year
f^^^M E B r\/3 IK} B 1%. ***
UtflT 4 NiaHTS, MATDCEE SATURDAY.
EDDIE FOY
In tfct Latest Comedy Success,
"A NIGHT IN TOWN,"
Price*— Jl. 75c 69c Co «.nd 2Sc.
IMPORTANT!
IF.C M'HITXBY e=a EDWIN
THIS k2cowx.es- Original * nd *"-
CnsaiflaD Imports* U. T. Production of
Morniflg QUO
¦££** \/ADIS.
THE BALE " *^ *"^ * *
OF pfat«» Dramatliefl by
OFEEATS Sta.nlRl«u« Stance.
ANI> BOXES Staged by Max Freeman.
TOR THE Mueic by Julian Edwards.
T-r-p-v^r 1OO PEOPLE 1OO
if vt7rr SIX GREAT ACTS'.
Or THE Prlcee:
DECADE" 'fl.50. fl. 75o. BOe. 25c.
Ftret T.m* Here NEXT MONDAY.
A MODEL OF HIGH CLASS VAUDEVILLE.
GAMILLE FARVILLE !
THE THEE*: POIRIEP.S.
JVLIA KIXGPLEY AND COMPANT.
BELLE DAVIS A?SD PICKANINNIES.
WAYNE AND CALDWELL, KOLB AND
DILL,
MR. AND MRS. JACKSON.
AMERICAN BIOGRAPH.
R»#*rved «<*a.t*. ISo; Balcony. I9c; Oper*
rfcalre and Box Seats, BOc.
Matinee Wednesday. Saturday and Sunday-
REPERTOIRE WEEK.
TO-NTGHT. SUNDAY NIGHT and SATUR-
DAY MATINEE.
"HUGUENOTS"
FRIDAY lilCHT "FAUST."
SATURDAY NIGHT.
"CARMEN"
POPULAR PRICES^ 25c and COc
Telephone Buth *.
TO-NIGHT
The AzaHi Italian Grand Opera Co.
"travTata."
Tp-tsorroTr Night— "FAUST."
Katurdsry Matinee— "CARMEN."
Saturflar Nieht- i# TROVATORE." ¦
" ¦ • Next V.'«*lc Last Week of the
- . AZALLI ITALIAN GRAND OPERA
. . COMPANY.
Sunday Night— "NORMA."
Balance Rei*rtoire Announced To-morrow
¦ Morr.lnff.
POPULAR^ PRICES-Night. TSc, 50c, 25c. Mat
EVERY YOU UNS
NIGHT OF FRISCO
THIS WEEK MUST SEE
."-.'¦ : Th« N. Y. Melodramatic Hit.
WE UNS OF
TENNESSEE
ORIGIKAli ECENXBT. SPECIAL CAST.
MATINEES SATURDAY AND SUNDAY.
OLYMPfA JSEUS&.
"THE ONX.Y FREE VAUDEVILLE SHOW I>
THE CITY.
: LAST NIGHT OP PROF. OONRADI'S
LIVING PICTURES?"
AND OUR CELEBRATED STOCK COMPANT
TO-MORROW. MONDAY,
Pte&ppe&r&sca cf the California Favorite,
QUERITA VINCENT.
AMATEUR NIGHT EVERY FRIDAY.
. MATINEE EVERY SUJCDAT.
ADMISSION FREE:
TANFORAN FAIR
TIA/O GOOD
Harness Races
FOR TO-DAY.
last Special TrainJ^aves at 1 o'clock
2:15 TROT, with RONS ALINE. LOTTIE. AL
TA VILA. PSTCHE. OSITO. EL MOI'.O an-
' NED THOP.XE as start era.
2:3 PACE, with TAGS. FREDERICKS
BURG, DIAI5LITA. CLEOK, HERMIA am
' MCMONIO as etartfTB.
. from Third and Townsend eta.. 10:40
11:20 and J oVlocV.
HENRY J. CROCKER. President.
•OHO. A. NEYTHALL, Secretary.
FIKCHFR'^ CONCERT HOUSE
SIcU and Molton. Carroll. Robert EH1«, D
Gosco BretiKre, Antonio Vargas. Mae Tunlso:
and New Moving Picture*.
Reserved Seati, 25c; Matln«« Sunday.
AMUSEMENTS.
Every person suffering from catarrh- In •
its many forms knows that- tho common. ¦
lotions, salves and douches do not cure.-. "
It Is needless to argue this point or to cite:
cases of failure, because every victim of .
catarrhal trouble knows It for himself If V
he has tried them. • • .
A local application, if it- does Anything '
at all, simply gives, temporary relief; a ,
wash, lotion, salve or powder cannot reach
the seat of the disease, which is the blood. ¦ '
The mucous membrane seeks to relieve .
¦ the blood of catarrhal poison by secreting ¦
large quantities of mucus, the discharge •
sometimes closing up the nostrils descend- - ;
ing to the throat and larynx, causing an
irritating cough, continual clearing of tne
throat, deafness, indigestion and many .
other, disagreeable and persistent symp- '••
torn?. • •
A remedy to really cure catarrh must •
be an Internal treatment: a remedy which
will gradually cleanse the system from ¦
catarrhal poison and remove the fever and
congestion always present in the mucous -
membrane.
The best remedies for this purpose are i
Eucalyptol. Sangulnaria and Hydrastin. r ¦
but the difficulty has always been to get
these valuable curatives combined In one ¦
palatable, convenient and efficient form.
Recently this has been accomplished ¦ '
and the preparation put on the market '
under the name of Stuart's Catarrh Tab- ¦
lets. They are larsre. pleasant tastlnsr
loTenireJt so that they may be slowly dlsi- ." :
solved in the mouth, thus reaching every
part of the mucous membrane and finally ¦
the stomach and Intestines.
An advantage to be considered also Is
that Stuart's Catarrh Tablets contain no '.
cocaine, morphine or poisonous narcotics
bo often found In catarrh powders and the
use of which often entails a habit more
dangerous than the disease.
Stuart's Catarrh Tablets are sold by •
drugrsrists at 50 cents, for full-steed pack-
age and are probably the.snfest and most
effectual catarrh cure on the market.
- •
AT) v Kk-TTRK M V.M'ltl
PLAIN TALK.
To Catarrh Sufferers.
What a luxury Pears'
soap is!
It is the cheapest and
best toilet soap in all the
world.
All sorts of people use it, all sorts of stores
cell it, especially druggists.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
The Greatest Tonic
-d!W for the sick, convalescent or
Jr^^j^^n6& 1 ¦* n i s assimilable by the weakest
stomach, invigorates the entire system, refreshes, restores
health and strength.
Made on!y by
ANHEUSER-BUSCH BREWING ASS'N, ST. LOUIS, U.S.A.
Brewers of the celebrated Brands: The Famous Original Budweiser, Faust, Michefob,
Anheuser Standard, Pale User, Black and Tan and Anhtuscr-Busch Dark.
AMUSEMENTS.WHEAT— Liverpool was firmer and Paris
lower. New York was a shade higher.
Chicago opened steady to nrm. with a good
shipping demand, and 10O.0C0 bushels taken for
export. Cables wore unresponsive. The North
west and St. Louis were buying. The situa
tion In the Northwest was as bullish aa ever,
but has net yet proven very effective. Thfc
trade were watchinc Argentine news, which
was conflicting. Some cables modify previous
vtry favorable reports.
This market was quiet and unchanged.
Spot Wheat-Shipping. U 01%; Milling, $103%
@1 C6Vi.
CALL BOAHD SALES.
Informal Session — 9:1S o'clock— December— 8000
Ctls. Jl 03Y,; 2W0, $1 03?i. May-2000, fl 10%.
Second Sesslcn— December— 2000 ctls, $10314.
Regular Morning Session— December— 2000 ctl«,
U 04Vi: 4000. ?1 O4V4- May— 2000, Jl 11%.
Afternoon Session — No sales.
BARLEY — The market sympathizes with,
wheat and Is dull and easy, though there is
yet no real decline.
Feed. 7CUfcf77Hc .for choice bright, 73%@75c
for No. 1 and 70<?J72Hc for off grades; Brewing
and Shipping grades, 80®85c; Chevalier, nomi-
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal Serslon— No sales.
Second Session — No sales.
Regular Mornire Session — No sales.
Afternoon Session — No wales.
OATS — There is no further change to report.
t The demand is quiet. I
! White. $1 25#1 42^: Surprise. $1 4001 43; Red.
$1 10(31 20; Gray. $1 2.'@1 30; Black, for feed.
I Jl CMfil 20: for seed. Jl 20J21 25 per ctl.
i CORN— Eastern is quoted at Jl 17»4@1 20, with
the arrival of 600 ctls. .
RYE— 30©92 1 ic ncr ctl.
BUCKWHEAT— Nominal.
Wheat and Other Grains.
Exchange and- Bullion.
Sterling Exchange. 60 days — $4 83
Sterling Exchange, sight — 4 87%
Sterling Cables — 4 S>8^
New York Kxchange, sight — 07^
New York Exchange, telegraphic — 10
Fine Silver, per ounce — 63?i
Mexican Dollars, nominal 50*4 @ 51
NFW YOP.K. Oct. 3.— Wkll street was con
¦tdcnblj puzzled by the resumption to-day of
aggressive tactics for the advance after the
bull campaign projected Monday seemed yefc
tcrteT to be abandoned. But while the motive
cf vh" l.ucyar.t rise was- difficult to discern, the
fon-e mJ the proportions of it were sufQciently
imi>rr*Vive to take the courage out of the beat
nuVty an* induce heavy covering all aroun-L
The — — " t>»ars who bad resumed oi»eratlonB
for the decline yerteraay, were Lb« flirt to fali
victims to the maneuver of the l<u!ls, who,
however, save indication of being after larger
jramc and pursued tneir advantage with great
rare and abounding resources. They drove
Fome • long t-tan-iins: sliort>: to <:over and ulti
rnptely t-ffectcd a buoyant rise m the whole
tna-k*' which closed Urcng and active at the
hiri eat lew! cf the day ar,.l at net gains rar.g
ir.K- nvtr two r>o:nts for a large number of
rtork* Oirf-ninK decline* in » number of
ftocic 5' fnrd only to afford the better advant
age pir^sd for the advance, which was thereby
Bisd* *A- P more impressive. The acute depres
sion ruJUi'fcgted by a few Industrial stocks was
«l;hott effect in dctCtztaC the bu!!s from their
»r,.:i:lT. ulation in the market. Inquiry of com
i-ii-*^-i bouces fail* to find any trace of buy
ing orders frrm outside routes and opinion is
ariw-d that tc-dny'p movement was practically
Jn' l.rofi-'ss.cTial hands. A long persisting bull
tntet«st in •iu > -K5«1 to have i>wn joined Ly
f=orn«- "f thr >x>w«-ful operators who have re
cently rf>iv.rnc-d to the street for a campaign
ers'.n>-t the fihorts. From the early low iioint,
MiKwuri Taci'.lc was carries up A\ :>er cent.
Uuil'n-non alfo reflected a demand of a larce
ouifa-tli^n phort interest and was marked up
nn cxtiemr 2^. lialtimore and Ohio. -Northern
Pacific r.m\ Louisville were also ;>rL:Tilncnt in
this riA-t t-t:t th» mover/.ent gatheretl force and
bnedUi and ultimately spread through the
c-hrlc l ii --t TJ'e mcrt buoyant perio;! of the
tnarfcrt 'wmi due to the circulation of a r-.imcr
that IV^'.Jent Mitchell, of the Mine A\orkrr«-
I'rirn l'afl called the coal strike off. which
completed the discomfiture of the shorts, t-von
Tenneshoe Coal, which had sold down 3\« on
the fear t^at no dividend would be declared at
to-morroWi. roe-tins, rallied four points and
Eurar. which had fallen 2» on account of tbe
ilem oral! zed condition and the deep cutting of
Sets cf the refined sugar martet, rallied 3%.
e continued weakneaa of Bterllnir erchang:e
Xczv York Stock Market.
EASTERN MARKETS.
LOCAL MARKETS.*
Cash cuotatlons were as follows:
Flour, steady; No. 3 spring whfat, 72%@77%c:
No. 2 red. '7V.c; No. 2 corn. 40%«r?41Hc; No. 2
yellow, 41©41\ic; No. 2 oats. 22H@23c; No. 2
t White, 25%c; No. 3 white. 23H*?25Hc; No. 2 rye.
Cl^c; fair to choice malting. 50@38c; No. 1 flax
fie.?d. ?1 55; No>. 1 Northwestern. $1 56% ; prime
timothy seed. $4 25<g4 65; mess pork, per barrel,
|13 20© 13 25; lard, r>er 100 pounds. $7 37H®8 40:
short ribs sides (loose). $3 10<f?S 30; dry salted
shoulders (boxed). GU<??G%c: short clear sides
(boxed). JS 60@8 70; whisky, basis of high
wines. Jl 27.
Articles — Receipts. Shipments.
Flour, barrels 34,000 21.W0
Wheat, bushels 406.OCO 236.CO0
Corn, bushels 323,000 91. 0M
Oats, bushels 445.000 161.000
Rye. bushels 8.000 2.000
Barley, bushels 144,000 23.030
On the Produce Exchange to-day the Butter
market was flrm. Creamery, 16@21c: Dairy. 13
<??ISe. Cheese, steady, 10U@ll%c. Eggs, firm;
j fresh. 16e.
I Articles — Open. Hleh. Low. Close.
! Wheat No. 2—
I October 76^ 77 76'4 77
I November 77% 77% 76% 77%
I December ...? 7SV4 78% 77!4 78V*
, Corn No. 2 —
Octobor 40 ' 40% 39% . VW,
November 37% 38 37% 37VJ
December 35 25Vi 23 35
Oats No. 2—
October 22 22'4 22 22'J
November 22U 22V4 22>,; 22>4
December 22% 23 22% 22%
1 Mess Pork, per barrrl—
October 13 On 13 25 13 00 13 13
November 11 SO 1170 1150 1170
January 11 77V4 12 25 11 77^ 12 02Vi
Lar<?, I»?r 100 pounds —
October 8 20 7 40 7 2A 7 40
November 7 27»4 7 4% 7 27U 8 42U
January 6 99 7 10 6 90 7 10
Short Ribs, per 100 pounds-
October R 2.". 8 23 8 20 R 2214
November 7 ."0 7 50 7 40 7 50
January 6 32Vi 6 4?U 6 32^ 6 42Vi
CHICAGO. Oct. 3. — "Wheat was as Inconstant
and fickle as a summer breeze, weak and strong
by fits and starts. Until near the end of the
session trading was of a local character, w\th
the scalpers on the verge of nervous prostration
from trying to keep en the right side. Liver
pool did not reflect the decline here yesterday
and the Northwest still had bad weather. With
these configurations to ?tart with November
opened HS\ic hipber at 77^i@77*ic. On lack of
ontFi'Ie sur-port the market dropped to 76%c.
Liverpool showed greater firmness later and
shorts took back earlier stuff, causing a rally
to 7?M;C. The market was not big enough to
Ftand th? profit-taking which met this bulge
and again weakness appeared, November drop
prin:: to 77'i,c At this point strong tajk of
cash business from th? Northwest, buying by
Interests of that section in this market and
indications that shipping business here would
soon pick up, caused a sharp rally near the end.
November Jumped rapidly to 77% c and closed
strong, %@%c over yesterday at 77\«t777<ic
Corn was moderately active and firm. The
market scored a good advance on buylne by
phorts. but lost lt on profit-taking. November
closed unchanged.
Oats continued dull. November closed Me
higher.
Buying by packers created a scare of shorts
and gave a strong provision market. Pork
closed 22Hc over yesterday: ribs 12Vic better
and lard closed 7 1 4«il0c higher.
The leading futures ranged as follows:
WHEAT — Spot, No. 2 red "Western winter,
steady, 6s 4<5: No. 1 Northern spring, firm, 6s
7d; No. 1 California, quiet, 6s f.»id. Futures-
Quiet; December. 6s 3V»d: February. 6s 4%d.
CORN— Spot, quiet; American mixed, new,
4s 3'id; do old, nominal. Futures — Quiet: No
vember. 4s 2%d; December, 4s 2Vtd; January.
3s lUd.
0
LIVERPOOL. Oct. 3.— "Wheat, quiet; wheat
in Paris, steady: flour in Paris, steady: French
country markets, quiet; weather in England,
fine.
COTTON— Uplands fi«4d.
CLOSING.
LONDON, Oct. 3.— Consols. • 98 11-16; Silver.
£9<td: French rentes, OOf 7Hc; wheat cargoes
on passage, more Inquiry; Walla Walla. SOs 6d.
Foreign Markets
TACOMA. Oct. 3.— Wheat market dull and
nominally unchanged. Bluestem, 58c; club, 55c.
WASHINGTON
PORTLAND, Oct. 3.— The wheat market is
e&sy. Exporters are paying. 55@55^c for Walla
Walla and 57Viig58c for bluestem.
OREGON,
Northern Wheat Market.
Portland's Business.
PORTLAND, Oct. 3.— Clearings, $496,551; bal
ances, $116,274.
NEW TORK, Oct. 3.— The cotton market
opened flrm at an advance of S to 10 points.
The opening advance was checked by selling
by exporters against purchases in the street.
The final phase of the local market reflected
a disposition to hesitate. The close was steady
at a net rise of 5©9 points.
Nczv York Cotton Market.
NEW TORK. Oct. 3.— The total exportation
of pig Iron from the United States during the
first eight months of 1900 amounted to 120,773
tons.. against 177.410 for the same period a year
atro. This feature had no effect upon the sen
timent on the local market for pig iron war
rants, that market closing dull at 19 50® 10.
Lake copper was a shade steadier on favorable
advices from abroad and clc»?d steady at
$16 62V-017. Tin was quiet and steady at
$29 65(ii29 67V4- Lead was dull at $4 37V4 and
spelter, at $4 10ff?4 15. The brokers' price for
lead was ?4 and for copper $16 S7V£.
Nczv York Metal Market.
No. I Liabilities.
CLASS. 1 1
1900! 1W.| 1900. I 1S96.
I j I •
Commercial 2519!3737| $27.119,99C JTS.224.649
Banking 14 1 60j 5.634.732J 11,712,690
A comparison Is also made between the fail
ures of the quarter Just ended and those ot
the corresponding three months of 1898. when
business was similarly disturbed by a political
campaign and conditions were not unlike these
at present existing. The number of liabilities
are Riven herewith:
United States. |7SSl!6SC4!fl01,S67.44S| $57,703,903
Following were the sales in the San Franctsco
Stock and Exchange Board yesterday:
Morning Session.
1C0 Challenge 2?, £0 Con Cal & Va..l :*>
50 Con Cal £z Va..l 131 1C0 Savase 2l
Afternoon Session.
"CO Best & Belcher. 38. ICO Potosi ..- *\
400 Challenge 21 ' 4f« Savage n
SCO Chollar 24 f.(K> Savage 24
ICO Con Cal & Va..l 20 4C0 Sierra Nevada. 35
200 Gould & Curry. 33i 200 Sliver Hill '£»
40O Gould & Curry. 3»' 200 Union Con 22
100 Hale & Norcrs. 27 500 Union Con 23
200 Mexican ........ 38 500 Yellow Jacket.. 21
400 Ophir ...:....... 76 •
MINING STOCKS,
Morning Session.
Board—
10 Bl-Je Ooose 7 jo
1E0 Cala-Standard 35
20 Home Oil 4 go
550 Sterling O & D Co ; w
500 Sterling O & D Co, b 60 2 32^
710 Twenty-Eight x 35
Afternoon Session.
Board —
1300 Four Oil Co <s
£C0 Four Oil Co 47
200 Home Oil 4
43 Kern River «j qo
2€0 Monarch of Arizona .' 3s
S>> Sterling O & D Co * »ji;
300 Twenty-Eight j 35 '
INSURANCE STOCKS.
Firem's Fund. 227 —
BANK STOCKS.
Anglo-Cal Ltd. 6S - Lon P & A.. ..133 135
Bank of Cal... 405 410 Merchants' Ex 15 —
Cal S D i T..105 — I Nev Nat Bg... — —
First Natlonal.2S5 200
SAVINGS BANKS.
Ger S & L — 19W & L So.... — 81
Hum S & U.; - - fac SavBk.... — —
Mut Sav Bk... 31 57H Union T Co.... — —
S K Sav U 510 — ,
STREET RAILROAD STOCKS.
California 1M - |O S L & H.... - 43
Geary-st 23 40 Presidio — 22'^
Market-st — 6S | *>"*v;
POWDEn STOCKS.
California — 1"2^ Vigorit ZM 3«i
Giant Con Co.. 84\i S5
SL'UAR STOCKS.
Hana S P Co. 7H — Kllauea S PCo 20\j 21H
Haw C i S Co - — Makawell S Co 43 43U
Honokaa S Co. 30^4 30',^ Onomea S Co.. 2S 2M,
Hutch S P Co. — 25H Paauhau S Co 30V4 30%,
MISCELLANEOUS STOCKS.
Al Pack Assn. - 123 Pac A F A.... 1% —
Cal Fruit Assn 9S — Pac C Bor Co. 150 U1U
Mer Ex Assn.. S7 iro !Par Paint Co.. 12*i —
Oceanic S Co.. 93 93V
llornlnr Session.
Board—
S1000 Contra Costa Water bonds 106 73
50 Paauhau S P Co 30 50
5 S F Gas & Electric Co 53 00
S Spring Valley Water, b 10 95 00
Street—
5 Ocesnlc S S Co 93 30
$5000 Spring Valley 6s 114 CO
Afternoon Session.
Board —
J50C0 Bay Counties Power Co 102 00
70 Hana Plantation Co 7 12«
15 L P & A Bank 134 00
3S Makaweli S Co 43 124
J11.000 Oceanic S S bonds 107 62> 3
20 Spring Valley Water 95 00
100 Spring Valley Water, b 10.. 53 00
$1000 U S 3s (coup) lui) 75
Street—
$3C&0 S F & S J V bonds us ;o
PRODUCER'S OIL EXCHANGE.
California
Geary-st
Market-st
Cent O L Co.. — — Pac L Co — —
Cent L Sr P Co 4 4Ti Sac El G&RCo 33 40
Eqult O L Co. 3U 3H S F G & E.... 52% 53U
Mimnl K> Co 1" : » >an Francisco. & al,
OGL&'h...: - SO 3tknG4E.Co- 1*
Pac Gas Imp.. IVi —
GAS AND ELECTRIC STOCKS.
Contra Costa.. 63Vi 70% Spring Valley. 94% 95
Mann County. olVi —
WATER STOCKS
Eav Co P Co. .102 103 |Oak Wafer S*. — 1*1
ra.-.t Cab a° "- "> 'Oceanic SS Ss.lOJHlOS
C C Water 5s..lO«H107 Or.. C Ky to--}^* -
Ed L & P 63..130Va — Pac G Imp 4s..l01H —
V & Cl Ry Bs.. — — P & Cl Ry 69.104 —
Geary-st R 5s. - - P&ORR 6s.U» -
H C & S 5Us.. — — Powell-st K 6s.ll7 —
rto 5s • - - £•" 1' "«-n ss.icoh -
LA R Ei*MIv-10«, - S F & S J V5s.US«-;il9%
L A Lt Co 6s.. - 103 S K ot Cal ta.lU% -
Dogntd6s...— — SPofA6s.... — 112
LA Intd 5s... - 101 3 P C 6s U906)
LAPRR5S. - 102 (Series A). ..107 10S*i
Market-st Cs l?sf 4 — Do (series B).l(tfV« —
N P C r'r'6s*.1O1 - S V Water 6S.1134115
Do 5s - 106% Do 4s 1C3U —
V Cal Ry 6s... — 111 Uo ad mtg...IwJ io:\4
Oak O L & H.109 - 3tcktn Gas 6s. - lC2h
Oak Tran 6s... — US
MISCELLANEOUS BONDS
WEDNESDAY. Oct. 3—2:30 p. m.
UNITED STATES BONDS.
Is quar coup... 114*; 115>i is do ep <new).muir;4
4s do reg U*%11M* 23 do coup 109&110
STOCK AND BOND EXCHANGE.
Local stocks and bonds continued dull, with
no changes worthy of remark.
The oil stocks were also quiet and not ma
terially changed.
The Lone Star Oil Company has levied an
assessment of Me. payable October 27.
Sales of bonds and stocks on the Bond Ex
change during the first nine months of the
year were as follows, compared with the same
time in 1S99: Bonds, $3.S41.970. against $4,622,
400; stocks. 31S.642 share*, against 521.645.
The Arizona Western Oil Company paid a
dividend of 1 per cent on September 26.
The Pacific Gas Improvement Company will
pay a dividend of 33 cents on the 10th.
The San Jose Water Company is supposed to
pay a dividend of CO cents on the 10th,
" " " I No. I Liabilities.
STATES. ! 1
I 19001 1890J 1900. 1S99.
New England !l384ll249 J17.512.2S6 $12.922.6fi3
Middle .|l6W 1388 42.9«9,931 13.844.291
Southern J1290I1179 11,057,073 9.290.240
Southwest I 594! 4R5 3.964.G1S 2,920.571
Central West I146GJ122S 17.479/06 14.S04.020
Northwest 7M| f7K 4.^70.39S 2.919.315
Paclflc 706 747 3,113.536 3.0C2.119
THE STOCK MARKET.
j A quiet and uninteresting market prevailed
I for evaporated apples with demand of a na
: ture only to supply immediate requirements.
State common quoted at 3tf3c; prime, 4%95Hc;
! choice, 5H®5c; fancy, 6f?6Hc. California dried
j fruits quiet and unchanged.
1 PRUNES— 3^(57^:0 per pound, as to size and
! quality.
I APRICOTS— Royal, llf?14c: Moorpark. 15(3 16c.
I PEACHES— Peeled. 14@16c; unpeeled, 6ig9c.
DRIED FRUITS
i COFFEE— Spot Rio, quiet; No. 7 invoice.
! S'.ic: mild, steady; Cordova, WQUc. Futures
] closed Bteadv at a net loss of 5 to 10 pointa;
¦ total sales, IS. 7.10 bags. Including October. $7 10;
j December. $7 2" | fi'7 30: January. $7 30J?7 33;
March. $7 40*^7 45; April, $7 45; May. J7 50;
: June. ?7 CO; July. $7 55.
St'GArt— Raw. steady: fair refining, 4Uc:
1 centrifugal. 95 test. 5c; molasses sugar, 4c; re
! fined, weak.
GUTTER— Receipts, 6300 packages. Weak;
• creamery. lSC2ic; June creamery, lS@21c; fac
: . tory, HJMCc.
i EGGS— P.ecpipts. 7343 packages. Firm; West
i ern r^cular packinjr at mark, 12 1 ,i@18c; West
| ern loss off. 20c.
WHEAT- Receipts, 253,525; exports, 11.995.
Sales, 3,363.000 futures, 160,000 spot. Spot, flrm;
No. 2 red, 82Uc f. o. b.. afloat; No. 2 red, Sl%c
elevator; No. 1 Northern Duluih, 81V4c f. o. b.
afloat; No. 1 hard Duluth. 90^ic f. o. b. afloat.
Ontions were Irregular. Ooenlng higher, they
experienced a sharp setback under disappoint
ing cables, unloading and small outside sup
port. Next responsible to light receipts to
day, pood cash demand at St. Louis, supple
mented bv rain predictions for the Northwest
and the buying for short account, turned
strong and closed very flrm at net ad
vance. Sales included Xo. 2 rod March, 85*i<?J
SS^c; closed, Sf.*,c; May. S3WS6 3-lCc; closed,
S6Vc; October closed SO^o; December, 82 1-16®
£3 1-lfie; closed. 83%c.
HOPS— Dull.
HIDES- Firm.
WOOI^— Dull.
NEW YORK. Oct. 3.— FLOUR— Receipts, 20.
134; exports. 0337 barrels; sales, 7G53 packages.
Market was featureless, except for Its stead
iness.
Thf mini appears to be central oft the north
ern'oast bat w ith diminifhed force. The pres
rure hae' risen ever Northern California Ne
v'^da and WertetO Oregon. It is highest off the
BbUthem Oal'.forr.ia coast ar.d lowest off the
Washington coast.
The tAnjx-ratuf* has fallen !r.,the Sacramento
Valley nnd remained nearly stationary in other
Pair has fallen centrally over California from
-»ha«-hapi" and Point Conception northward;
*''*v over Nevada and Oregon. Cloudy weather
prenlte generally over the r^clf.c
t'ciii'.tior.f are very unsettled and favorable
for ihVwer? throughout the greater portion of
Ca roVe r c^tSri[san Francisco «* thirty
h< ur? ending miJr.icbt. October 4. 1^00.
Vorthern California— n^asional showers on
TVurf.'.av: Hcht southerly wir.d.
«"u\h«"Ti Callfo!xia-O*>!ierally cloudy, prob
el'.ly wit'lj showers in the mountain regions;
| T M west wind.
Vevada— Occasional rhowerx Thursday.
i't-h— Pribnblv showers Thursday; cooler.
Arizor.a-Part'.y tloudy. probably with show
ei^'-n Francisco and vicinity— Occasional ehow
r*u*Thursdav: lipht southweFt wind.
C. Ii imtSOS, Local Forecast Official.
FAN* FRANCISCO, Oct. 3— .> p. m.
The following are the seasonal rainfalls to
£pte 2 s compered with these of same date
laW-aFon. and rair.faU in the past twenty
tacr hour*: TWg w
c tal ior.«— 21 Hours. Season. Season.
rvrfka J-U }-]l I-} 6 .
Red Uluff (•>« l-U 002
pVcramer.to 0.30 (..36 0.02
Sin Francisco 6-38 0.T7 Trace
K-esno 0.25 0.3t
Independence ••;¦ 0.« 0.C7
Fcr. Dill Chltpo 0.S5 O.oS ....
I/, f ATieelff Trace 0.01
Eaa Diego Trace 0.07
San Francisco data: Maximum temperature.
64; minimum, M; mean, 63.
WKVTHEK CONT.ITIONR AND GENERAL
<120th Meridian— Pacific Timp t
Weather Report.
Mail advices from New York say: "Raisins
continue to absorb most cf the trade's atten
tion and bid fair to continue th» most interest
ing feature f^r some time. The situation iJ
particularly strcng on seedless Muscatels and
Sultanas, and it is practically impossible to
•buy some seodl«-ss and sjme grades of Sul
ta-las= at asKidaUoa fvic?s. In tact, some busl
peaa w»s h«-ard of yfst<rnlay in seedless at a
rremium. t'.:e sale of o:ie car bPin? reported
at C^c f. o. b., coa«'.. gon:e business wa? 1
Fa f d to have l«-en oone in prime Sultanas
•also at a premium, but particulars wore not
learned There is considerable expectation on
th* i-art of some cf an advance in prices by
the association soon, especially on seedless ar.u
foTne grades of Sultanas. Othere incline to
the opinion that the uaocteUoa will mak;
no irnmediate advance, but allow g"<xis to tu
into consumption at the present fitrures. In
the fprir-g, according to the latter vi«-w, prtces
will ther. t>e Biaoct certain to go higher a?
a natural reFuit of general conditions. It is
Generally ron<fd«>.i that at the present prices
th'-rc- will be an imrr.ers; consumptive demanu
lor Oalifornia raifins this year.
¦"••Imported raisins show add»d Etrengtn.
I»cal (itfacks <jf Valencias are down to not
over a few hundred boxes, which are held
at 31c Sultanas are closely cleaned up,
»ake of between 300 and 400 boxes being made
¦yesterday at from K>c to 12c. ¦ No offerings
are made en n*-w Malagas, but the next quo
tations are likely to be higher than any here
tofore, as further reports of bad weather art
received New prunes are on the market, bat
tsbom on'.v moderate activity. Future applee
a>e firm t.ut quiet. Goods are betr.g preFseu
for immediate shipment, but lew are offeree
f.-.T later deliveries. Export demand is light.
•Nuts show fair activity. The trade is tak
infr new California almonds to some extent.
Foreign almonds are strong, with indications
cf going BOH higher. Filberts are easier, being
about the only line in all the list to show
weskneps. This is in sympathy with the fm
«igh market. Jordan Ehelled almonds are
higher abroad and here alt=o."
Nuts and Raisins in New York.
.Tfce New York circular of HT.ry Clews says:
•The banking po*1t1"". a* usual at this seasor.
cf the year. Is Dot encouraging to speculative
buying; but neither does It decidedly encour-
Bfr'e Bellta*: Everybody takes It as a matter
cf rourse that v.o must have more or leas
Ftrir.pracy and' tils* rates of mierts; iSur.ne
the .'a!! mOBtbs; but there is little exix-ctatioti
cf more t^an ll:e usual autumnal activity in
money. During the expired period c -t ! tne crop
fiirn-emer.t the shipments of currency na\e Deeu
below the averae* volume tor the season
©wing to the abundance of the deposits In tnt
fcar.ks cf the interior; we have to face, how
«ver. an efflux Of money extending over the
nest month or rlx weeks. The reserve? of the
bank* may not sufflce for those requirements:
Dirt in the event of any Ftrinpency the fore'en
exchanges w>u!.i adm'.t of a ready replenish
ment through importation? at gold. With a
cor.unuar.re of the new protracted large excess
cf sports over imports (which may be rt
frarc^-d as certain) there can be no occasion
Tor ajnireher.Ki. ti of anything like ?eriou.<
*trinepncy in money. The Cnitel States :»
very largely creditor to Euroy* Ud can there
fore easily' shield itself apainst adverse ten
dencies in" the domestic loan markets."
New York Money Market.
BOSTON, Oct. 3.— The American ' Wool and
Cotton Reporter will say to-morrow: There
has been a decidedly better inquiry for wool
in the past week and the sales reached "a larger
aggregate than has been reported since the
week ending August 30, being over two million
and a quarter roii"" 8 - This improved demand
for wool is due not so much to any decidedly
favorable turn in the goods market as to the
fact that consumers in many Instances are
absolutely bare of wool and their stocks had
become bo seriously reduced that they were
really compelled to come Into the market and
take stock or close their mills. One healthy
feature of the' situation is that the improved
inquiry is not confined to a few houses, but
has bsen pretty generally shared by the whole
trade. Another feature of the business Is the
improved inquiry for fine wools, both unwashed
and washed, but mostly the latter, from man
ufacturers making a fine quality of - goods,
which Is in quite striking contrast to the de
mand which had previously prevailed, which
was - almost exclusively for medium and t low
goods. r Ti rVfl^T*H*11TTTffi|jii BifiiW fiBTBIfpIl H MTOji
The sales of the week In Boston amounted to
Boston Wool Market.
LIVERPOOL.
Wheat— I>c. Feb.
Opening 6 S% e 4V,
Closing 6 3V6 6 4H
Wheat— ;•¦ Oct. Jan. -April.
Opening 20 20 21 60
Closing 20 25 2160
Flour-
Opening 25 90 27 53
Closing -..23 83 27 60
was used by the bulls as an argument for the
advance in "stocks on the ground that the im
ports of gold could not long be deferred.
Bnnds wre not much affected by the activity
in Ftooks and price changes were mixed. Total
sales. J9S0.G0O.
I'nited States bonds were unchanged in bid
NEW YORK STOCK LIST. I
Pharos Closing
Sold. Stocks— Bid. i
12. <«V> Atrhison 2 *^i I
15,000 Atchiscn prefd Wi !
7.700 Faltimore & Ohio TO j
Canadian Pacific S6H j
Canada Southern SO 1 : |
2.950 Chesapeake & Ohio -'*> « ]
770 Chicago Great Western 10 j
15,065 Chicago Burlington & Quincy 126 ;
100 Chicago Ind & Louisville 21Vi
(00 Chicapo Ind & Loulsv'.ile prefd 65 I
! Chicago & Eastern Illinois 56 j
510 Chicago & North western 1S1H I
j 4.S31 Chicago Hock Island & Pacific 106M>
BOO C C C & Pt L-mis C3'i ]
100 Colorado Southern 6% ,
Colorado Southern 1st prefd 37 |
dlnrado Southern 2d prefd 14H :
500 Delaware & Hudson Ill
200 Delaware Lack & Western, ex div.. 173*4 !
KiO Denver & Rio Grande l^H
E30 Denver & Rio Grande prefd £'*"¦*. :
Erie UHJ
575 Erie 1st prefd ?4«» |
3R3 Great Northern prefd l f 'l ,
200 Hocking Coal IS j
SCO Hocking Valley 32^ !
Illinois Central W> j
200 Iowa Central l" 1^ \
Ir.\va Central prefd 39 ,
200 Lake Erie & Western 29 i
Lake Krie & Western pr»fd S3 I
Lake Shore 2^:>
3.1M Louisville & Nashville '•?¦>
$.215 Jtfanhnttan L S^-i
2*.S Metropolitan SJtreet Railway 149
3<*> Mexican Central H
F.H) Minneapolis & Pt Louis .'4H
1 100 Minn»aj>oMs & Pt Louis prefd 51H
3!,of'0 Missouri Pactf.c • A *»
Mobile & Ohio 34
1.42>» Missouri Kansas <fc Texas 9 1 *
1.13'". Missouri Kansas & Texas prefd 27%
3 030 Nfw Jersey Ontral 133*4
1.0:^1 New York Central 123H
300 Norfolk & Western 34U
l'.sr.o Ncrfolk & Western prefd 75
lil"* Northern Pacific 4?»i
I,o4:i Northern Pacific prefd WK
Ontario A- Western 20%
Oregon Hallway & Nav 42
4.M5 Oregon Railway &. Nav prefd 7fi_
720 Pennsylvania 1*8%
K.r-31 Reading *. l»
601^ Reading first prefd ™\
Read'.nc 2d pre'd 23%
R!o Orande Western 53!-j
Rio GranJe Western prefd W
90") St Louis & Fan Fran WVs
St Louis & Pan Fran l?t prefd 64
425 ft Lmiis * S*n Fran 2d prefd 3.V*
L304 Pt Louis Southwestern H*i
3 S25 Ft Louis Southwestern prefd 2«H
7 7?o Ft Paul, ex dlv H'- 1^
240 Pt Paul prefd W»*
I Bt Paul & Omaha HO *
5.090 Southern Pacific 33H
7S0 Southern Railway H'*
2 704 Southern Railway prefd »2H
210 Texas & Pacific I s
3S.f«0 Vnion Pacific 3^%
4.304 I'ninn Pacific prefd "3*8
3f>0 ¦*
l.V<n "Wabash prefd »
2<"<1 WheellnK & Lake Erie *U
200 Wheellnir & Lake Erie 2d prefd 23'i
Wisconsin Central « -
C30 Third Avenue HP-2
Express Companies—
Adams } r 3
American "0
! I'nited States Jj
! Wells Fargo I 23
Miscellaneous
ly American Cotton Oil 34
American Cotton OH prefd SS
100 American Malting '.._. 4
American Malting prefd 22
1.500 American Fmeltine A- Refininsr JGH
1S5 Am Smelttr.g &: Refining prefd 8«%
American Fpirlts H*
American Pnirlts prefd 17
745 American Steel Hoop IS 1 *
120 American Steel Hoop prefd 65
3.350 American Steel £r Wire 31
S6S American Steel ft Wire prefd 73
1.7CK) American Tin Plate 2»H
100 American Tin Plate prefd S1
8.125 American Tobacco "0
American Tobacco prefd 12*
1W Aanconda Min'nr Co 43
1.430 Br<v>UIvn Rap!d Transit . r 2H
1/20 Colorado Fuel & Iron 3! 1 -?
l.c^fl Cor.tlnentnl Tobacco 24V,
120 Continental Tobacco prefd 7S%
?fi-fl Federal Steel 32
l.:.. r 0 Federal Pteel nrefd C'Vj
loo Gpnersl F.lrctrlc 1*6
12." niucose Su'sar 50»4
Glucose Suirar prefd B*V4
• 100 International Paper IS
' International Paper prefd «2
I«clede Gas 6RH
i National Biscuit 22%
; National Biscuit prefd "5
210 Vatlonal Lsad 17
National Lead prefd S» : *
> 450 Naticr.a' Pteel 24»1
'¦ National Steel prefd W
100 New York Air Brake IIS
' North American 14%
Pacific Coast 54
1 Pactflc Coast 1st prefd R3
?7? Pacific Coast 2d prefd 64
rm Pacific Msil 30M
: 14.W1O Peo"le"s Gss S7
l.oon Pressed Steel Car ?."\
l.'O Pre«Fed St«»el Car preM 73
Pullman Palace Car 1S2
• Standard Rope & Twine W
5S.531 Sucar 115^
Suirar prefd 115
2 7*4 Tennessee Coal & Iron E2T<
P2". Vnitert States Leather 10^
!3? T'n'ted Ptates Leather prefd f>S
500 I'nited Ptates Rubber 2RVJ
1 T T nlted Stxtes Rubber prefd P3
m Western I'nlon 78
"CO TJeruMlc Iron ft Pteel Co 11
Republic Iron & Steel Co prefd 51 ¥ t
P C C & St Louis 49
403,009 Shares sold.
! CLOSING BONDS.
ju S !« ref. when !M K & T Ms C4«
. ! issued, reg 104 |N Y Cent lsts 10S^
f\U S 2s ref. when IN J Cent gen 5s.. ..123
issued, coup 104' N Pacific 3s 64%
e TT S 3s reg.: 109 !N Pacific 4s 102?j
-Ins 3s coup ..109-;. N Y C & S L 4s...lOT.
e US new 4s reg 134'-j:n &- IV con 4s...... 96^
.US new 4s coup..l34WOr Nav lsts 109
:. U S old 4s reg 114» 4 ,Or Nav 4s 102?i
!. i I* S old 4s coup... 114%, Or Short Line 6s.. .126V!
• U S. 5s reg 113'iOr S Line con 5s...H2S
I I IT S 5s coup 113U Reading Gen 4s 87
j ! Dis of Col 3.65s 123 iR G W lsts 9S
, 1 Atchlson Gen 4s.... %H!S L 4 I M con 5b. 108^
; 1 Atch'.son adj 4s.... S6 ;S L & S F gen 68.12.U;
. j Canada So 2ds......ir.K ! St Paul cons ..10S\«
' Ches & Ohio 4«4s... SS?; S P C £-. P lsts.. ..117*
i Ches & Ohio 5i« 117 IS P C & P as HS'i
I j C & NW con 7s. ..139 jSo Pacific 4s 78V
! > C & NWSSFdeb Bs.120 So Railway 5s 10$$
: Chgo Terminal 4s.. 91 Stand R & T 6s... 1 . 63
r j Colo S 4s 80«4 Tex & Pac lsts.. ..113'/
IDAHO lsts 103 Tex & Pac 2ds 6S
iD&HG 4* PS'.; I Union Pacific 4s...lO4"i
' Erie General 4s 67;»iWabash lsts 117V
' . F W J-DC lsts... "lUWabash 2ds IOUj
* ! General Elec 5s.. .118 iWe«t Shore 4s H2'.<
* Iowa Central lsts..H2'i! Wis Cent lsts «'<
• L & N L'ni 4s .. SSvfc'Va Centuries 89^
I ! MINING STOCKS.
s I Chollar • rijOntario 5 5
y ' Crown'PoInt l)Ophlr 7
II i Con Cal & Va 1 ©.".Plymouth 1
v i DeadwcxxS 45iQulcksilver .... 1 fr
". i Gould & Curry 24 (Quicksilver prefd.. 6 5
n ! Hale & Norcross... 22) Sierra Nevada 2
i Homestake 55 fiO Standard 4 0
'" : Ircn Silver 65 Union Con l
e i Mexican SO Yellow Jacket 1
p BOSTON STOCKS AND BONDS.
n ' Money — Union Pacific ES*
! Call loans 3^4 West End 41?
d j Time loans 34?4 Westinghouse El... 47
e Stocks— WIs Central 11
¦e ! A T & S F 2SV4 Bonds—
•r 1 A T & S F prefd.. 70-">» j Atchison 4s 99
«' I American Sugar.. ..Ua&|K E Oas&Coke 5s. 64»
h ' Am Sugar prefd 114 • ! Mining Shares —
n I Bell Telephone 13SVI Adventure 4
n j Boston & Albany. .245 lAHouez Mln Co.... V,
it J Boston Elevated.. ..142 lAmalg Copper...... 86}
d 1 Boston & Maine... 1«\4 Atlantic 22»
ie Chgo. Bur & Q 126 jBoston & Mont..:. .317
)f Dominion CoaJ 3$>,&'Butle & Boston 58
». Oom Coal prefd lllVi Calumet & Hecla..75O
;e j Federal Steel....... 32 ICentcnnlal 14
Jchn T. Magner to Mary P.'.anchette. lot on
N line of Pacific street. 2;6:3 E of Polk. E 28:3
by N ICO; $10.
James M. and Egbert D. Haven. ' Jul!a H.
Crc?ett and Emma H. Warren to R. E. Rag
land, lot on N I'.r.e r.f Sutter street. 37:* W of
Sc«.tt. W 34 by N 100: $10.
Crocker Estate Company to Tachie I. Bur
nett <wife of J. II.). re-recor<l 171>> t>. 3S, lot
on E line of Shrader street. ICO N of Freder
ick N 23 by E 124 :SU: O&
J. H. and Tachie I. Burnett to Albert O.
Burnett, same; $10.
Albert O and Dora T. Burnett to Abble R.
llurch fwife of John H->. same; $10.
German Savings and Loan Society to Eliza
beth Coffee (wife of Tatrlck J. >. lot 3, black 3.
Vtrlon Tract (hospital lot); $10.
Nicholas. Mathilda. Henry and Catherine XT.
Ohlandt. John A. and Mary M. Buck to Na
tional Ice Company (corporation), lot on SW
line of Ninth «tr«?et, 273 SE of Harrison. SE
Z'> by SW 100; $10.
Herbert F. A. Bates to- Mary A. Bates, lot
on N line of Twenty-second street, 50:10 W of
Church. W 50:11 by N 114: gift.
Security Loan Association to Henry I* Rea.
lot on W line of Hartford street, 170:8 N of
Twentieth. N 49:6 by W 12 ">: S10.
James S. Mackie to City Warehouse Company
(corporation), lot on SW corner of Battery and
Lcmbard street3. W 275 by S 137:S; also all In
terest in lot on W line of Battery street. 137:«
S of Lombard, S 6 by W 273; $10.
Annie Pelle (Belli) to Andrew P.epetto. lot on
SE corner of Stockton and Chestnut streets,
E S7:6. S 45:2. "W 22:6. N 22. W -fij. N 24:8; $10.
Annie A. Lynch to Dennis J. Dalley. undi
vided one-fifth of lot on SE corner of Pacific
and Powell streets. E 22:6 by S 67:6; $10.
Frank Lelsen to Julius and Selma Rlemer.
lot on NE corner of Union and Leavenwortn
streets. E 23 by N 112:6: $6300.
James Barnes (by B. P. Oliver, commis
sioner) to Hibem'a Savings and Loan Society,
lot on S line of Russell street, 200 W of Hyde.
W 20 by S 60; $«C0.
California Pavlnsr Company to Jl. L. Gerstle,
block bounded by L and M streets. Seventh and
Eighth avenues; $10.
Annie Auglin to Francis M. and Ann!» K.
Kramer, lot 4i>. block 6. Flint Tract Home
stead; $10. . „_
Mrs. Annie Pocle to Alban Heiron. lot on Sr,
line of Lai.lley street. 72:11 NE of Castro. NK
SO by SE 100. block- -3. Mission and Thirtieth
Streets Homestead Vnton; $10.
Builders' Contracts.
O M. Goldaracena (owner) with A. H. WI1
helm (contractor), architect C. A. Meussdorffer
— Al 1 wcrk except plumbin*. raintinsr. electrical
work, art glass, hardware, mantels, gas fix
tures, shades and fire escapes for a three-story,
basement and attic frame building on lot on
SW corner of Ellis and Jones streets. S 50 by
W £7:8; $13.5T3.
Same owner with O. O. Sweeney (contractor),
crchttect same — Plumbing, gasflttlng and sewer
work for sam» on same; $2. r >57.
REAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
Silver higher . Exchange unchanged.
Wheat and Barley quiet and easy.
Oats inactive, but firm. Arrival of Eastern Corn.
Bran scarce and ih eager demand. Hay very firm.
No further decline in Beans. Mustard Seed higher.
Tomatoes doing better, owing to the rain.
Potatoes and Onions unchanged.
Buiiei-, Cheese and Eggs as previously quotco.
Game declined under liberal receipts.
Gropes doing better, owing to the rain.
Peaches and Pears higher. Watermelons accumulating.
Nothing new in Dried Fruits.
Sharp decline in Sugar.
LONDON. Oct. 3.— Atchlson. 28?i: Canadian
Pacific. 89V4: Union Pacific preferred. 75%;
Northern Pacific preferred, 70%; Anaconda, 7%.
Bar silver, uncertain, 29%d.
London Market.
Condition of the Treasury.
WASHINGTON. Oct. 3.— To-day's statement
of the Treasury balances shows: Available
cash balance, $136,9CS,654; gold, $S3,87S,290.
NEW YORK, Oct. 3.— Money on call, firmer,
%@3 per cent; prime mercantile paper, 5@3',4
per cent; sterling exchange, flrm, with actual
business in bankers* bills at $4 81% for demand
and $4 81H@4 SUi for sixty days; posted rates.
$4 S2®4 82Vt and $4 S6'5 1 4 S6H: commercial bills,
$4 S0tt€>4 81. Silver certificates. 64*4@05c. Bar
silver. 63»lc. Mexican dollars. 50%c. Govern
ments bonds, steady: State bonds, inactive;
railroad bonds, irrecular.
A T czv York Money Market.
Fed Steel prefd.... 63 [Franklin 14
Fltchburg prefd ...13S iHumboldt 25
Gen Electric 13^ Osceola 66
Gen Elec prefd. ...139 Parrot 42Vi
Ed Elec III 210 Quincy 142
Mexican Central 10"« Santa Fe Copper... 5
Mich Telephone S5 Tamarack 229
N E Gas & Coke.. 11 Utah Mining 30^
Old Colony 203 Wlnona 22
Old Dominion IS Wolverines 39*4
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
COMMERCIAL AND FINANCIAL NEWS
TALLOAV— No. 1 rendered. 4®4V4c per lb; No,
2. 3??3%c; grease, 2@2Hc. - : '
WOOL— Spring clip la quotable as follows
HIDES AND . SKINS— Culls and brands sell
about lc under quotations. Heavy salted
Steers. 9®9V4c; medium. S>4c; Tight. Sc: Cow
hides. 8c; Stags, 6c: "Salted- Kip. Sc: Salted
Vtal, Sc; Salted Calf. 9c: Dry Hides. 15c: culls,
lie; Dry Kip. 13c: Dry Calf. 15c; culls and
brands, 12c; Sheepskins. Shearlings, 13@25c
onch: short Wool. 30 / f?40c each; medium, 504i70c;
leng ¦\Vool.'75cQ$l each: Horse Hides, salt. iZ7i
2 23 for large, f 1 75 ' for medium. $1 for small
and EOc'for colts; Horse Hides, dry. $1 T.0 lor
large, $1 25 for medium. $1 for. small and 2.Vrti0c
tor colts. Deerskins— Summer cr red skins, 3oc;
fall or medium skins. 30c: winter or thin skins.
17V i @20c - Goatskins — Prime Angoras. ' 75c: large
and. smooth. 50c: medium. 35c. -
Hides, Tallow, Wool and Hops.
CURED MEATS — Bacon, lie per lb for
heavy, 11M:C for light medium, 13c for light.
13 l ,4c for extra light and 15'ic for sugar cured;
Eastern sugar-cured Hams, lie: Mess Beef.
$12 50 per bbl: extra Mess, $13 50: Family,
$14 50: extra Prime Perk, $15 50: extra clear,
$.19- Mess. $16 50: Smoked Beef. 12V45?13c per lb.
LARD— Tierces quoted at 6%c per lb for com
pound and 9Vic for pure: half-barrels, pure,
Wic: 10-lh tins. 10c; 5-lb tins, 10%c
COTTOLENE— One half-barrel. 8%c; three
half-barrels. Sttc; one tierce. 8%c; two tierces.
SVic; five tierces, SHc per lb.
Provisions.
HONEY— Comb. lSH@14»4c for bright and 12H
ifM3c for light amber; water white, extracted.
7«if£?8c: liyht amber extracted. 7@7}4c; dark, 6
©6'4r: ner lb.
BEEES\VAX-24®26c per lb.
NUTS— Chestnuts, ll@12Uc per lb; Walnuts,
No. 1 hoftshell. lie: No. 2. 8c: No. 1 hardshell.
10c: No. 2. 7'4c: Almonds. lo^lGc for paper
shell. 11IS12HC for softshell. Peanuts. 5f?6cfor
Eastern: Brazil Nuts, IZc; Filberts, 13c; Pe
cans. 11fM3c: Cocoanuts. $3 50<^3.
RAISINS— The. Raisin Growers' Association
has established the following prices for the
season of 1900: Bleached Thompson's fancy.
12c per lb; choice, lie: standard. 8%c: prime.
Sc; unbleached. Thompson's 9c per lb. Sul
tanas— Fancv. 10\fc r""" 1h: choW. 9Uc: stand
ard, 8%ic; prime, 8c;. Unbleached Sultanas, 8c;
Seedless. 50-lb boxes. 6%c; 2-crown loose Mus
catels. 6c; 3-crorvn. fi^c: 4-crown.7e; London
Layers. 2-crown, $1 50 per box: 3-crown. $1 fiO;
Fancy Clusters, $2; Dehesa, $2 50; Imperial, $3.
All price* f. o. b. at common shipping points
in California.
FRUITS— Prunes. Santa Claras, 4 sizes, 3c;
40-50s. 7c; tO-608, H4CJ C0-70s. 3»ic; 70-80s, 3>ic;
S0-90s, 2%c: 90-lOOs. 2Vic: 100s and over, 2c:
rubles. Vic premium; Sonomas, >»c and San
Joaqulns. He less than Santa Claras, except
100s and over, which ?tand the rame. Apricots,
ft(<?Sc for Royals and lftRUVie for Moorparks;
Evaporated Apples, 3®6c; sun-dried. ?ij?4o:
Peaches. 5®5'^c for standard. 6S6'Ac for choice
and 74?Sc fjr fancy: Pears. 3fi?7c: Plum*, pitted.
54?6<£c: unpltted. KglHc; Nectarines, 5t@?)ic for
red and 5H??6c for white. ' '
There Is no further change In anything, ex
cept a decline in Chestnuts.
Grapes were somewhat higher, owing largely
?o the rain. Peaches also did better.
Plums are quite scarce, the leading variety
in market just now being Coe's Late Red.
which goes very low— 15<g25c per box. Good eat
ing Pears are firmer.
Watermelons are dull and accumulating, but
Nutmegs and Cantaloupes are firm. Figs are
hicher. " \
A few Blackberries came in and sold at $3®
6 per chest.
Cranberries continue to decline.
DECIDUOUS FRUITS
APPLES — 25<S50c per box for common and
60^*1 for good to choice.
PEARS — Winter Nellls, 60c@Jl; Cooking
Pears. 25@65c*per box.
QUINCES— 25(S50c per box.
CRANBERRIKS— Cape Cod, $SWS 23; Wis
consin, per bbl: Coos Bay, $1 75@2 per box.
STRAWBERRIES-$2 50@5 per chest for
large and $Sfff7 for small berries.
RASPBERRIES— $4 50<ff7 per chest.
POMEGRANATES — l0@7Dc per small box and
$1 25 per large box. ,
PLUMS— 15<S50c per box and crate.
GRAPES— Queens, 83c; Muscat. 40CT75c per
crate: black. SSfffGoc: Tokay. 30®63c: Isabella.
6r>(S75c; Cornichon. 65<S75c; Wine Grapes, $13«?>
20 for white. $20022 50 for Mission and $21(0'25
per ton for Zinfandel.
MELONS— Nutmegs. 40073c per case; Canta
lnup* 1 ". 75cWll F.o T'»r era*": W^'ermelr"*. $59
15. with extra large at $17 50@20 per 100.
CITRUS KR1UTS— P*f-dl!n«r Oranges. 73c!?
$2; Val^nclas. $1(54: Lcmnm, $1W2 for com
mon and $2 .WT3 for good to choice; Mexi
can Limes. ?4f?4 50: Ban^nns, $1 50(32 30 per
bunch: Pineapples, $1 50<ST3 50 per dozen.
\ ~*
Dried Fruits, Nuts and Raisins.
Deciduous and Citrus Fruits.
The situation in Butter stands just the same.
Some dealers report accumulating stocks, on
account of the diversion of the demand to
packed goods, while others quote a flrm mar
ket. Cheese stands the same.
There Is no change whatever in Eggs. Sup
plies are sufficient, but not ' large, and the
tendency is to avoid the expensive ranch Egg3
for the cheaper descriptions.
BUTTER—
Creamery — Fancy Creamery, 2S029c; Seconds,
27Hc
Dairy— Fancy, 25@26c; good to choice, 23@24c;
common, 20@22c.
Creamery tub— 20^22',4c per lb.
Pickled roll— 19ffl21c.
Firkin— lS@19c.
Ptoraee goods— 22'4@24e.
CHEESE— New. 9@10c: old. 8igS>4c: Young
America. IOSIO^c: Eastern, 13H@14c; Western.
10<P12c per lb.
EGGS — Quoted at 20i??25c for store and 30035c
per dozen for ranch; Eastern, lS@25c.
Butter, Cheese and Eggs.
Receipts of Game were very heavy and prices
declined. Mallards were not plentiful, but
small ducks were too abundant.
Poultry remained as before quoted.
POULTRY— Live Turkeys. 14f?16c for Gobblers
and 14@16c for Hens; Old Turkeys, lC313c;
Geese rer pair, $1 25@1 50; GoHlngs, Jl 50@l 73;
Ducks, ?3W4 for old and $3 50@4 50 for young:
Hens, $3 50@5: Youn* Rooster*. $4®4 50; Old
Roosters. $3 50if?4; Fryers. I31J3 50: Broilers,
$3?i3 25 for large and $2 50S3 for !-mall; Pigeons,
jl 25 per dozen for old and Jl 73»52 for Squabs.
OAME-Quall. JlfSfl 25 for Valley and $2 50
for Mountain: Mallard. $4JI6: Canvasback. :
Sprig. $1 75«T2 50; Teal, $1 25??1 75: Widgeon.
$1 6001 73: Small Duck. $1©1 50: Gray Geese.
$2 50<fI3; White Geese, 75c#$l; English Snipe,
$1 50®2 50: Jack Snipe. 75c<3$l 25; Hare, $1®
1 25: Rabbits, $1 ISiffl 50 for cottontail and $1
for brush; Doves. 60@85c; Grouse, ; Sage
Hens, per dozen.
Poultry and Game.
Tomatoes are scarcer and higher, owins tr>
the rain. Summer Squash is* also firm. There
Is no noteworthy change in , Potatoes and
Onlcns.
POTATOES— Early Rose. 35*5400 : Burbanks,
40<5fi0c for Rivers and ?5cjf$l 10 per ctl for Sa
linas; Sweets, 75®S5c for Rivers and $1 23 for
Merced.
ONIONS— 50@65c per ctl; Pickle Onions, 33$
60c.
VEGETABLES— Green Peas, 2<fMc per lb;
String Benns. lV4:S2%c: Limns, 3W4c per lb:
Cabbage. 40<<J20c: Tomatoes, Bay, 33@75e: ETsrg
Plant, 25<5?4<lc per box; Green Okra, 25@50c:
Green Peppers, 25#40c per box for Chili and 40
©50c for Bell; Dried Peppers, 10® 15c; Carrots.
25 l @35c per sack: Summer Squash, 35@50c for
Alameda: Cucumbers. 25(^4Gc ¦ for ' Alameda;
Pickles. $1<51 25 per ctl for No. 1 and 50@75c
for No. 2; Garlic, 3c per lb; Marrowfat Squash,
J7@10 per ton.
Another day passed without any decline in
Beans, and d^r.lers reported a very fair demand
for the Southwest, as already mentioned. Mus
tard Seed Is scarce and higher,
RE \NS— Bayoo. $1 S.'.(J72: Small Wh'to, $.•» 2."©
3 50; I^arge White. J2 25<H2 50; Pink. $2 25®2 50;
Red $3ff?3 23: Blackeye. $2 50; Lima. $5 15@o 25;
Pea. M r.0fi3 75: Red Kidneys, $3 25«3 50.
¦ SEEDS— Bmv;n Mustard, 4c; Yellow Mustard,
5c; Flax. $202 50; Canary. 3',£c per lb for Cali
fornia and 4c for Eastern; Alfalfa, nominal;
Rape. 2H©3c: Hemp. 4O4»4c: Timothy, 4®4^c.
DRIED PEAS— Nile3, $1 25«il 75; Green. $1 SO
©2 05 per ctl; Blackeye. $150.
Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables.
Beans and Seeds.
Bran continues very stiff, with quick sale for
every ton that comes in. Hay is also firm,
with occasional sales of extra choice wheat at
$13 50.
BRAN— J16^17 50 per ton.
MIDDLINGS— J17@21 per ton.
FEEDSTUFFS— Rolled Barley. $16@17 50 per
ton: Oilcake Meal at the mill. $2C@27; jobbing.
J27 M(fi2S: Cocoanut Cake. *20<ff21; Corn Meal.
$2Si??27: Cracked Corn, ?26 50027 50: Mixed Feed.
$13 50<fH4. '
HAY— Volunteer, f3f?7 50; Wheat. J1O013;
Wheat and Oat. $10«i:12: Oat, $8 50S11: Clover,
?4fd6: Alfalfa. *(-@7 50: Barley,' $7@9 per ton.
STRAW— 30@37Vsc per bale.
Hay and Feedstuff s.
FLOUR— California Family Extras, J3 60®
3 75; usual terms; Bakers' Extras, 53 40@3 50;
Oregon and Washington, $2 "S©^ 10 per barrel
for family and $3 larg^ 50 for bakers'; Eastern,
It 75*55 "5 per barrel.
MILLSTUFFS— Prices In sacka are as fol
lows, usual discount to the trade: Graham
Flour, .J3 per 10O lbs; Rye Flour. $2 75; Rye
Meal, J2 50; Rice Flour. %~; Corn Meal, $2 75.
extra cream do. $3 50; Oat Groats. $4 50: Hom
iny. $3 50«3 75; Buckwheat Flour. $4<B4 25:
Cracked Wheat. J3 50; Farina, $4 50; Whole
Wheat Flour. J3 25; Rolled Oats (barrels), $6ft
7 25; in sacks. Jo 75(57; Pearl Barley. $j; Split
Peas. $3: Green Peas. $5 50 per 100 lbs.
Flour and Millstuffs.
NEW YORK. Oct. 3.— Reports to R. G. Dun
& Co. show commercial failures for the nine
months this year to date. Comparison Is made
below of failures and liabilities this year and
last for nine months in different sections of
the country:
Commercial Failures.
BOSTON, Oct. 3.— The Earl Fruit Company's
sales of California fruit sold at auction to-day
are as follows: Peaches— Salways, boxes, 15®
75c. average 52c. Six cars sold to-day. Dry,
favorable weather.
NEW YORK. Oct. 3.— Porter Bros. Company
sales of California fruit: Grapes— Tokays, $3 35
per double. Jl 10^1 55 per single ciate; Clusters,
average $134: Muscats, S0c@$2 20: Morocco, $2;
Cornichons, $1 40® 1 55; assorted. $1 55: Malaga,
SOc. Plums— Kelsey Japan, $2 40 per box, $2 SO
per single crata: Coe's Late Red, 65c.
Earl Fruit Company sales: - Prunes— Italians.
60<J?75c per single crate. Seven cars fruit sold
to-day.
CHICAGO. Oct. 3.— Earl Fruit Company sales
of California fruit: Grapes— Tokays, 50c@$l 30
per single crate; Clusters, $1 05@l 40: Malagas,
S5c@$l 05; Clusters, average $1 35. Pears-
Duchess, $1 10®l 20 per box; D'Anjou. $1 05Q>
1 70. Peaches— Salways, 15c@45c per box. Prune*
—Italians, 45ijj65c per single crate; Sliver. 65
®S0c.
Porter Bros. Company «ales: Grapes— Tokays,
70c@|l 70 per single, Jl 60 per double crate;
Clusters. Jl 5W?1 70 per single crate: Corni
chons. $1 80@l 90; assorted, 90c@tl 65; Muscats,
W»c®$l 40. Pears— Winter Nells, $1 45@1 65 per
box. 55Q75C per half box. Fourteen cars sold
to-day.
NEW YORK. Oct. 3.— The Earl Fruit Com
pany sold California fruit at auction to-day and
realized the following prices: Grapes — Tokay,
double crates. $2 60@3, average $2 76; do, single
crates, SOc@$l 65, average $1 07; do. Clusters,
single crates, $1 30igl 40, average $1 30; Malaga,
single crates. $1 1C@1 15. average $1 12; do. Clus
ters, single crates, average $2. Pears — Bartlett,
boxes, $1 05@3 40. average $2 73: do. half boxes,
SOoQJl 40, average Jl 31; Kiefer, boxes, 75@S3c,
average 82c; Forelle, half boxes, average 90c;
Seckels. half boxes, 50c«j$1 40, average S4c;
rr Cornice, boxes, $5cQ%2 20. average $1 24.
Peaches— Sal way, boxes. 25@70c, average 5Sc;
Levi Cling, boxes. 40@75c, average 71c: Norris
Cling, boxes, 55fl75c, average 64c: Strawberry
Cling, boxes. 50@70c, average 5Sc: Yellow Cling,
boxes. 70«B75c, average 72c. Prunes— Italian,
single crates, 40@75c, average C3c. Eighteen
cars sold to-day. Dry. favorable weather.
HOGS— Receipts to-day. 3000; to-morrow, 26.
003: estimated left over. 6000. Market opened 5c
higher." closed weak. Top, $5 55. Mixed butch
ers', $5 05@5 52%; good to choice heavy. $3 05®
5 52»4; rough heavy, $4 90@5; light, $5 10@5 65;
bulk of sales, $3 20©5 45. .
SHEEP— Receipts, 22,000. Sheep. 5@10c lower.
Lambs about steady. Good to choice wethers,
S3 85@1 05: fair to choice mixed. $3 4O(fS3 80;
Western sheep. $3 S5©4 05; Texas sheep, $2 50®
3 50: native lambs, $4 25JT5 20; Western lambs,
$1 WST5.
CHICAGO. Oct. £-CATTLE-Recelpts, 21.000,
Including 4000 Westerns and 1100 Texans. " Gen
eral market, choice, steady; others, weak to 10c
lower. Natives, good to prime steers, $5 45@6;
poor to medium, {4 40@5 40; selected feeders,
weak. $3 7031 50; mixed stockers, 10c lower.
$2 50@3 60; cows, $2 75®4 20; heifers, $2 50@4 25;
canncrs. $2&i2 65: bulls, $2 50@4 35: calves. $4
@6; Texas fed steers, $4 10® 4 85: Texas grass
steers. $3 25@4; Texas bulls, $2 40i??3 25.
Chicago Livestock Market.
2.151.SC0 pounds domestic and 117.000 pounda
foreign, making a total . of 2,268.500, : against
a total of 1,391.500 in the previous week and
a total of 6.S97.000 for the corresponding week
last year. The sales since January amount to
9S.506.500 pounds, against 226.E08.100 pounds for
the corresponding time last year. ...- j
FOR WEDNESDAY. OCTOBER 3.
Flour, qr sks 8, 4".r ! Middlings, sks... 615
Wheat, ctls 2.S0O Wool, bales 164
Barley, ctls ... 5.2TI Hops, bales 245
Corn. East ctls.. 600 Hay. tons 51^
Tallow, ctls 2f< K«rg;s, doz 22.2W
Butter ctls 144'Wlne. s-ais 3S.00O
Cheese, ctls 211 Quicksilver, fisks 144
Sugar sks 17.7<* Raisins, cs 2.4f.1
Sucar. bbls 1.2fX' -""elts. bd!s 3,«9"
Beans, sks. 2.60fl r.oather. rolls 47
Potatoes, sks 3,<W. Hides. N" 5?4
Onions, sks 40O Lime, bbls — :... 13."
Bran, sks SCOI'Chicory, kegs 53
Receipts of Produce.
Crushed. 6.65c; Powdered. 6. 25c: Candy Gran
ulated. 6.23c: Dry Granulated, (5.15c; Confec
tioners' A. 8.15c: Magnolia A. 5.73c: Extra C.
5.65c; Golden C. 5.55c: barrels. 10c more; half
barrels, 25c more; boxes, 50c more: 50-lb bags.
10c more. No orders taken for less than 73 bar
rels or Its equlx-alent. Dominoes, half-barrels,
6.90c; boxes, 7.15c per lb.
Harrison's circular says: "Since the Marl
po?a left the following vessels have delivered
coal cargoes here from Australia, viz.: Horda.
3681 tons; Speke, 3eS3 tons; Fervaal. 2010 tons;
total, 10.374 tons. The total arrivals for An
pust and September foot u? less than 23.iX)0
tons, showing that Colonial coal shipments are
annually diminishing-. There are on the en-
Raped coal list from Australia thirtv-seven ves
sels, with a capacity of about 110,Q"0 tons, there
were 20,000 tons more tonnase chartered in Au
gust last, plainly showing that no new char
ters are belncr effected. The latest cables rer>ort
12s as the schedule price for WallsenJ for 1901.
add to this fully 20s for freight, and it In evi
dent that we must seek our fuel requirements
outside of Australia. We must derive our fu
ture steam rower from British Columbia, and
Washington coal and California oil. With no
marked shrinkage from these sources we shall
avoid any fuel famine; at the same tim<" thev
ar«» strained to meet the local demand. English
grades are gradually belnsr excluded from our
market, as asking quotations there prohibit
shipments. The crude oil output is increasing
an-1 is row finding consumers in the city, thus
displacing a few larsre coal burners. For the
moment this is welcomed temporarily even by
coal producers, as It Is aldlnc them to keep
buyers stocked up. Later on this may lead
to keen competition, but certainly not fi»r a
year or two."
SUGAR— Prices have declined 0.40c. The
Western Sugar Refining Company quotes, per
lb. In 100-lb bags:
COAL— Wellington. $0 per ton; Southfield
Wellington, ?3; Seattle, $7; Bryant. $7: Coo*
Bay. 13 50; Wallsend. J9; Co-operative Walls
end. £>; Cumberland. $12 In bulk and $13 2T. In
sacks: Pennsylvania Anthracite Egjt, $14: Can
nel. $12 per ton; Coke, Jlf> per ton in bulk and
SIS in sacks; Kocky Mountain descriptions,
$S 4". per 2000 lba and |3 50 per ton, according
to brand.
BAGS— San Quentln Ba*s. $•"> 6-1: Calcutta
Grain Bags. 5%c: Wool Bass. 2SU@32Ue; Fleece
Twine. 7'.4c; Fruit Bags. C'.i®6?ic for white and
£y«S%c for bleached Jute.
General Merchandise.
LAMK— S@8*£c per lb.
PORK— Live Hops, S?ic for small, .-,%fj5\c? for
medium and iU@»H for larse; stock Hogs and
fteders, 5©3lic; dressed Hogs. 7H®S'-<ic.
MUTTON— Wethers. 7£7V4c; ewes. 6>*37c per
pound.
BEEF- r,^4®8c for Steers and 4U©5c per lb
for Cows.
VEAL-Large. 7@8c; small. 7®3c per lb.
San Francisco Meat Market.
Northern, free. 15316c: Northern, defective. 12®
He; Middle County, free. wgil6c: Middle Coun
ty. defective, 12®14c: Southern Mountain. 12
months.' 9ifil0c; Southern Mountain, free. 7
months'. ll@12c: Southern Mountain. defectlve ;
7 months'. 9@llc: Humboldt and Mendocino. lb
©17c: Nevada. 13.{j;lfic per lb. .
Fall Clip— San Joaquln. 6V4®Sc: do Lambs . 8
@Pc; Middle County. 9f lie per lb.
HOPS-llViSMVsC per lb.
WEDNESDAY, Oct. 3—4 p. m.
Bid. Ask. i Bid.Aste.
Alpha o3 (? L Justice 0G 01
A! * a -12 (!4 ! Kentuck « <H
Andes cs W Lady Wash - C3
Balch'r 8 n Utxtcsn ...' 31 IS
Butt & Belcher. 3t 3* Occidental 07 W»
Bullion ,2 fi Ophir '¦> TS
Caledonia 43 4;. Overman 10 12
Chollar ;* I.» Potosi 21 22
Challenge Con.. 21 '2 Savage IS 21
Confidence ~,r. rafScorpton c: —
Con Cal & Va. . 1 r, l j) s Pff Kelcher 02 03
Con Imperial... 01 63 Sierra Nevada. 33 U
Con New York, ot — silver Hill 36 37
Eureka Con — 4:, >< t L OUlg — lft
Crown Foint.... 12 U Standard .3 SO —
Exchequer 01 «3 Syndicate <U —
Gould & Curry. 3< .?• I'nion Con 22 23
Kale & Norcrs. M STiftah 'H 05
Julia «3 til Yellow Jacket.. 22 21
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
3»0 B«?t & Celcher 3* 2*t> Sierra Nevada. S3
20<> Chollar 23 :<*) Sierra Nevada. 3;
1J0 Con Cal & Va. 1 2<. SCO Silver Hill.:.... 35
2C0 GcuM & Curry. C> SCO Union Con 2»
2«0 Mexican 35 2C0 1'nion Con 23
2CO Ophir 75 JOD T.'tah 03
300 Savage 21 11CO Ctah ;-- 0*
A'ternoo'n SeysioD
200 Challenge Con. 22 r 200 Orhlr 78
100 Con Cal & V.I 17V ICO Union Con 23
2C0 Gould &. Curry. 3tii SCO Yellow Jacket.. li
M'jrninK Session.
Following were the sales in the Pacific Stock
Exchange .yesterday:
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, OCTOBEK 4, lyuu.
Nczv York Grain and Produce.
Chicago Grain Market.
Foreign Futures.
FORE
AST.
8
California Fruit Sales.
AMERICAN LINE.
KIW T0EZ. S0UTHAMPT0M. L0HD0H. PARIS.
Stoopln* at Cherbourg, westbound.
From New York Every Wednesday. 10 a. m.
v«.w York ....Oct. lOfNew York Oct. 31
qt Paul Oct. 17 St. Paul Nov. 7
It! Louis.'.'.' Oct. 21 St. Louis. Nov. U
RED STAR LINE.
New York and AntwerD.
From New York Every "Wednesday. 12 noon.
emithwark Oct. 10 Noordland Oct. 31
WeVternland ....Oct. 17 Frlesland Nov. T
Ken3'n*tnn Oct. 21 Southwark Nov. 14
INTERNATIONAL NAVIGATION CO..
3<> Montgomery Street.
C0*?A<V*~ C E>' T R* T >-. TSAS34TrjkMTlQCE.
DIRECT LINE TO HAVRE-PARIS.
Sailing every Thursday, instead of <5jT&
Saturday, from November 2. 139% at -«*etf*a»
V, a m from Pl*r 42. North River, foot of
Morton street. LAOVITAINE. Oct. H; LA
t/iRIUINE. Oct. IS; LA RRETAGNE. Oct. 23:
L\ TOURAINE. Nov 1. First el»M to Havre.
KG and uiward. Second class to Havre. |42 50
and upward. GENERAL AGENCY FOR
IVITED STATES and CANADA. 32 Broadwav
• Hudson hulM!ng>. New York. J. F. FUGAZI
g. CO.. • Pacific Coast Agents, 5 Montgomery
avenue'. Kan Francisco.
Round-trip tickets at reduced rates For
freUht and passage apply at company's office.
fn \tnrket street, corner of First.
421 MarKet ««^«« n AVERT. General A K ent-
STEAMERS "WILL LEAVE WHARF. COR-
ner First and Brannan streets, at 1 p. m..
for YOKOHAMA and HONGKONG, calling at
Kobe (Hlogo). Na*asakt and Shanghai, an.i
connecting at Hongkong with steamers for In-
dia, etc. No carso received on board on day
nf sailirr-
ss. America
SS. HONGKONG ™*^&JZ£~^
SS. NIPPON MARr^.^.^..^^^.^..^
Via Honolulu.
TOYO RISEN KAISflA.
THE 0. R. & N. GO.
DISPATCH FAST STEAMERS TO
PORTIjAND
From Spear-street tVharf at 10 A. M.
CADC S12 First Class. Including Berth
lAnLs8 Second Class. . and Meals.
COLUMBIA sails Oct. 5. 15, 23 Not. 4
OF CALIFORNIA sails... Oct 10. 20. 30
'i Short Line to Walla Walla. Spokane. Butte.
Helena and all points in the Northwest.
Tr rough tickets to all points East.
K. C. WARD. General Arent.
830 Market street.
GOODALL. PERKINS & CO..
Superintendent*.
m Steamers leave Broadway
*w wharf. San Francisco:
IWS^^ For Alaskan Ports— 11 a. m.,
l«vS25k ° rt - 4 - ? - 13> **¦ "• 28< Nov - : -
f-^L<<r'^ww Chans? to company's steam-
|ST gS\^^ ers at Peattle.
£"*^>S<3 For Victoria, Vancouver <B.
Pj^S^J?'* r -^- r>ort T'> w " !! «'nd. Seattle,
/ "^c^*»*^ 1 Taeoma. Everett, Anaeorteg
ttr a nd New "U'hatcom |Wa?h. >—
11 a. m.. Oct. 4. 8. 13. IS. 23. 1?.
Nov 2. and every fifth day thereafter. Change
at Seattle to this company's steamers for
Alaska and G. N. R'y: at Seattle or Tacoma
to N. P. R'y; at Vancouver to C. P. R'y.
For Eureka, Humboldt Bay— 2 p. m.. Oct. 5.
10. 15. 20. 25. SO, Nov. 4, and every fifth day
thereafter. ¦
For Pan Dleso. stopping only at Port Har-
ford (?an Luis Obispo). Santa Barbara, Port
Los Anseles and Redondo fLos Angeles)— 11 a.
m.. Oct. 4. 8. 12. 16. 10. 24. 23. Nov. 1. and
every fourth day thereafter.
For Santa Cruz. Monterey. San Simeon. Cayu-
eos. Port Harford (San Luis Obispo). Gavlota.
Santa Barbara. Ventura. Hueneme. San Pedro.
East San Pedro fLos Angeles) and Newport— 9
a m., Oct. 8. 10, 14. IS. 22. 16. 30, Nov. S.
and every fourth day thereafter.
For Ensanada. Matrdalena Bay, San Jose del
Cabo. Mazatlan. Altata. La Paz. Santa Rosalia
and Ouaymaa (Mexico) — 10 a. m., 7thr of each.
For further Information obtain ' company's
folders. . ' : -Vl."
The company reserves the right to chants
steamers, sallinsr dates and hours of sailing
without previous notice. "
TICKET OFFICE — 4 New Montgomery
street (Palace Hot*l>.
GOODALL. PERKINS & CO.. Gen. Awnts,
19 Market St.. San FVanciseo.
Pacific Goast Steamship Co.
OCEAN TRAVEL.
I UAY AND RIVER STEAMERS.
1 FOHU^m-YARQandWiSo
j Steamer "Montlcello."
I HON., Tues.. Wed.. Thurs. and Sat. at 9:t3
a. m.. 3:15, »:S0 p. m. (ex. Thurs. nleht); Frl-
i days. 1 p. m. and S:3O; Sundays. 10:3.> a. m.. 3
j p. m. Landing and offlce. Mission-street Dock.
I Pier No. 2. Telephone Main 1C0S.
I FARE Mo
0CEAXIC S. S. CO.-HOXOLTTLU, APIA
AICKI.ANU AND SYDNEY.
S 55 1IOANA to New Zealand an1 Australia
. Tnur3<l«y. October 4. 3 p. m
S 5 "QUEEN (Honolulu only)
Wednesday. October 17. 2 p. m.
SS. AUSTRALIA to Tahiti
Thursrlay. November 1. 6 p. rn.
j. D. SPRECKELS & BROS. CO.. Aqts.. 643 MarfceJ SI
I Pi-r 7. Foot Pacific St. FraiaM Office. 327 Market StHayden for the, Assembly.
Spocial Dispatch to The Call
SAN RAFAEL, Oct. 3.— The Democratic
County Central Committee to-day nomin
ated J. Emmet Hayden for the Assembly
in; the Twenty-third district
Exhibits at Paris.
There Is a large exhibit from this country at
th? Paris Exposition which will prore Terr in
teresting- to all who may attend, bat no more
so than the news that the famous American
remtdy, Ho*tetter*« Stomach Bitters, will po»
ttively cure dyspepsia. Indication, constipa
tion, billeusnes* and nervousness. To all suf
ferers of the above complaints a trial Is recom
mended, with the assurance that when honestly
used a cure will be effected. It also tones up
the entire system.
California Red Crtws. San Francisco. Cal.—
Dear Red Cross Friends: Test«rday the ex
rre»» comDany delivered to us eleven boxes
and two trunks consigned to Mayor Jones of
Galveston from the California Red Cross. For
ourselves and in behalf of the. sufferers, we
beg- to thank you for this iceneroaa contribu
tion. are also rleas«>d to Inform you that
the citizens* local relief committee has trans
ferred to the American National Red Cross,
under the direction of MJ.*s Barton, who has
been here for the past ten days, the entire work
of distributing food, clothinir and other relief
surslles. Henceforth the work will b* per
formed by the local Red Cross Auxiliary—
which is ¦ now under process pf organization
by Miss Barton, all to be under the super
vision of the National Red Cross. There will
be no Interruption whatsoever In the work: but
on the other hand a more complete and sys
tematic method of carrying it on. It must con-
An interesting communication ha.«
reached the Red Cross Society of this city
from Stephen E. Barton, second vice
president of the National Red Cross So
ciety at Galveston. The letter says:
GALVESTON'. Texas. Sept. 2«. 1900.
Branch by Vice President Barton.
Interesting Letter Sent to Local
THE RED CROSS IN GALVESTON.
; "Commandant DIrksen. who has been
opposing Papet. has surrendered after a
personal visit to Komatipoort to assure
himself that Kruger had gone Into Portu
guese territory."
JOHANNESBURG. Oct. 3.— The Military
Governor on September 2S informed head
quarters that he would be prepared for
the return of 3009 to 4000 refugees weekly
after October 10.
• "The Boers derailed a train near Pan
yesterday evening. Five - Coldstream
Guards were killed and nineteen injured.
"PRKTORIA. Tuesday. Oct. 2.— A con
voy of twenty-two wacons. escorted bv
sixty mounted men, was 'attacked by 140
Boers October 1. near De Ja?ers Drift,
while on the way to Vrvheid. Twelve of
the men escaped. The fate of the others
is not known. - ;•
LONDON. Oct. 3.— The following dis
patch ha3 been received from Lord Rob
erts: "'•'«-. ; .;- '
Is Unknown.
the Remainder of the Party
Twelve Men Escape but the Fate of
BOERS ATTACK A
BRITISH COHVOY
Harry Corbett Has Closed His Place
and Zick Abrams Will Make
No More Bets.
The trial by jury of John Rltey. clerk
with Zick Abrams. on thp charge of vio
lating the ordinance against poolselllng,
was commenced before Judge Cabaniss
yesterday afternoon. Attorney Joseph
Coffey appeared for the prosecution and
Attorney Collins for the defendant. Five
Jurors, namely, D. Lofttis, P. S. Presley.
W. W. Mitchell, A. Johnston and H
Fenz. were secured. An effort will be
made to complete the jurv to-day
Abrams called upon Chief Sullivan yes
terday afternoon and told him that he
had not been accepting any bets for
week*. He was compelled to keep his of
fice open for his correspondence with out-
Fide places and -the only one there besides
himself was an office boy. He would
make no more bets. The chief, on that
phowing. agreed to remove the two men
he had stationed at Abrams' place. Har
ry Corbett has already closed his place
and it is said that Dan Crowlev will fol
low suit. They will wait the decision of
the higher court on the appealed cases.
POOLMEN TEMPORARILY
GIVE UP THE FIGHT
COAL OIL FOUND ON
THE COLLEGE CAMPUS
Los Angeles University Goes Into the
Business of Boring for Crude
Petroleum.
T'nited States Circuit Judge** Gilbert.
R"ss and Morrow, pitting- *as the I'nlted
States Circuit Court of Appeals, yester
day heard arguments In the case of the
Los Angeles University, the College Oil
Company and Richard Green vs. Ernest
A. Swarth ar.d August Pwarth.
Tola case la an appeal from an Interloc
utory decree granting the Swarths a tem
porary injunction restraining the appel
lants from OMtag part of the campus of
tne Los Aneeles I'niversity as an oil field.
The Swarths and a third party made a
gift deed to the university on September
J5, liM>. of the land afterward used as a
camp-as One clause of the deed stip
ulated that ?ald land should be used ex
clusively as a part of the campus of the
university and that no building should be
erected thereon except those devoted to
university purposes. Another clause pro
v , fled L that in oa '"' of the non-usage or
?,»^!3 d , on ,^ m »r f the property before Jan
uarj 1. 13M. the i ar .d should revert to the
grantors.
Oil was di?rovered on the campus and
the ur.iver«!ty authorities rigged up der
ricks and the other paraphernalia for ex
tr f ! ' ac . "<?£''' alt^ «*« of the bosom
2j th H n ; The T Sw a<-th* won In the
Lirruit Court at Los Angeles and the
university took an appeal. The case was
Futmitted to the Court of Appeals yester-
C.SL J*.
Yellow Fsver's Spread.
WASHINGTON*. Oct. 3-Private Mters
received from Havana Indicate that much
apprehension exists among the Americans
there regarding the yellow fever, a^ the
conditions grow worse instead of lmprov-
Inpr. Civilian employes in Cuba seem to
hf subject to the disease and in several
Ooyernment offices many have been
stricken. There is yet no fear of the
fever spreading among the troops.
BISHOP W. W. DUNCAN OF
THE METHODIST EPISCOPAL
CHURCH SOUTH.
' (Photo by Rembrandt.)
painfully apparent that the change had
been made too soon. Painters and white
washers were at work all over the hall,
and in the basement it will be a week yet
before affairs are straightened out.
The elevators stopped running several
times, to the inconvenience of passensrers.
and unless something is done to put them
in proper shape there will be a serious
accident. Yesterday morning, while seven
male and two female prisoners were going ¦
from the Citv Prison to the basement en :
route to the County Jail, the operator lost
control of the elevator, and it struck the
asphalt on the bottom with a thud that*
lifted the occupants off their feet.
Chief of Police Sullivan has ordered that
the matrons in the prison must now serve
twelve hours' watch each. The women's
cells are partitioned off from the rest of
the 'prison, and are entirely in charge of
the matrons, requiring their constant at
tention. Before they only worked dav
about. Monday and Tuesday nljrhts the
matron on duty and three prisoners had
to sleep on the ficor, as no beds had been
provided for them.
Thieves are also Infesting the hall and
several articles have been stolen, among
them three elecrlc batteries and a belL
Elevators Not Working Properly and
Painters and White-washers
Still at Work.
Things were not running smoothly In
the Hall of Justice yesterday, and it was
CHAOTIC CONDITIONS
AT HAXL OF JUSTICE
of a stranger who has been loitering
around the grounds of the general hospi
tal at the Presidio have attracted the at
tention of the stewards and privates on
duty at the hospital. Yesterday the man
entered the office of the steward. A. S. J.
Beaurcgard, and beg-an acting so strarge
ly that the steward called the sentries to
watch him. The request was evidently
overheard by the stranger and he lumped
for the steward. The latter got first hold,
however, and a battle royal ensued. At
tendants rushed to the steward's assist
ance and finally subdued the madman, for
such he proved to be. It required the com
bined efforts of a half dozen strong men
to nold the man while others bound his
arms and legs.
From papers found In his pocket it was
learned that his name was Edward Nled
hammer. and that he was a discharged
Wyoming volunteer.
Acting Assistant Surgeon J. L. Nichol
son reported at headquarters yesterday
and is assigned to temporary duty at the
Presidio, awaiting transportation to Ma
nila.
Acting Assistant Surgeon Barrett has
been ordered to Fort Ltscum. Port Valdez.
Alaska, to relieve Acting Assistant Sur
geon N. C. Trew.
Acting Assistant Surgeon Hendrlckson
has b**en relieved from duty at Fort Mc-
Dowell and ordered to Fort Flagler.
Washington, relieving Acting Assistant
Surgeon Wythe.
Assistance of Several Strong Men Re
quired Before the "Maniac Is
, Subdued.
For several days past the queer actions
HOSPITAL STEWARD IS
ATTACKED BY MADMAN
The local committee, of which Mayor Jones
is chairman, is ono of the strongest, most ca
pable and r«r>i*sentntive commltten that I
have ever known to h* croat^d ImmedlaMv
following such a wid*sjir«ul and appalling dis
aster a? this. Miss Rartofi exceedingly appre
ciates the prompt action of the Rerl Cross aux
iliaries. She was upon her nr-lval here and for
a week thereafter very 111. althouch she attend
ed daily to the direction of affairs, and I am
pleased to pay that she has now almost en
tirely recovered, and one to see her wouW hard
lv- believe that she ran dangerously ill less
than a week a«o. She sends hej- kindest re
membrance to her California associates.
Mr. Barton goes on to describe the needs
of th.e stricken city. He states that five
millions or more in money should be con
tributed to nnlepm 25 per cent of the prop
erty losses In homes alone. While Mr.
Barton Is grateful for the great assistance
rendered by the immense supplies of re
lief materials received, such as food and
clothlnsr. he says that such relief tends to
stagnate commercial operations. "There
fore." he says, "it can readily be seen
that mon^y donations wisely expended in
the way of employment of labor and the
purchase of necessities will work a two
fold benefit." The letter concludes with
an earnest compliment to the relief com
mittee, worded as follows:
tlnuc for many months, although it is In such
condition now that there Is no distressing
want, all parts of the city being to-day sys
tematically covered.
campaign In the history of the United
Slates. It Is thp most important cam
paism in the history of California. The
course of events has chansred the eeogr
raphy of California, and instead of belnc
a State far out on the edge of "the world
•she has. become the center of the world.
There will be great things for California
In the future If the Republican party re
mains in power. What Hn we find the
prineir«al planks of the Democratic plat
form to be? First, the 1*5 tn 1 nlank: sec
ond, the anti-trust plank: third, the anti
imperialism plank, an arraignment of the
administration's policy with regard to the
Philippines.
"The first two principal planks should
not have much attention wasted on them
nt this time. Mr. Bryan himself has
dropped them. He has mad^ antl-lmper
•alism the paramount issue. This Is not
a new cry- If w * wt" l °ok back into
Amerlcan'history we will find that George
Washington was denounced as an Imper
ialist, that .Jefferson was an 'mperlalist
and Jackson and Lincoln and Orant were
imperialists. The Democrat* have taken
up the word because they have nothing
el?e to cry about. Thev have no Dollry
of their own. It Is all 'antl' and *we de
nounce* with them."
lows:
"This Is the most Important political
ALAMEDA, Oct. 3.— The Republicans of
Alameda turned out in force to-night at
the first rally of the campaign. A rous
ing" meeting was held under the auspices
of the Alameda Republican Club in the
headquarters on Park street. There were
bonfires to warm the hearts of the stal
warts and music by a brass band to stir
the patriotism.
In the absence of E. R. Anthony, pres
ident of the club. Colonel George Bab
cock presided. D. E. McKinlay was the
speaker of the evening. Brief speeches
were also made by Superior Judges F. B.
Ogden and John Ellsworth and Assem
blyman J. R. Knowland. A hearty round
of applause followed the Introduction of
Mr. McKinlay. who made a telling ad
dress. His speech In part was as fol-
First Rally Brings Out a Crowd— D.
E. McKinlay Makes a Telling
Speech.
ALAMEDA REPUBLICANS
OPEN THJE CAMPAIGN
OAKLAND. OCT. 3.-THE PLANS OF THE NEW OAKLAND POSTOFFICE BUILDING HAVE BEEN COM
PLETED IN WASHINGTON AND HAVE BEEN FORWARDED TO CONGRESSMAN VICTOR H. METCALF IN THIS
CITT. THE BUILDING WILL COST $230,000. THE LOT UAS ALREADY BEEN PURCHASED. IT IS ON THE
SOUTHEASTERLY CORNER OF BROADWAY AND SEVENTEENTH STREET. WORK ON THE BUILDING WILL
BE COMMENCED AS SOON AS THE APPROPRIATION IS COMPLETED.
OAKLAND. Oct. 3.— "When Mlas Al- j
berta Slacdonald took carbolic acid on |
Friday evening last the members i
of the family were refused the use I
of the telephone by a party who was j
at that time using the line for a trivial I
conversation, and the friends of the young
lady who died feel that If i they had been j
allowed the use of the telephone that
evening In order to hurry the arrival of
the doctor a life might possibly have been
saved. . . .
When Miss MacdonaM wan found dying
In her room one of the visitors at the
house saw at once that it was a case of
poisoning and made an efTort to summon
a doctor by telephone. The telephone Is
on a "ten-party" line and a conversation
was being carried on over the line at that
time between a woman and a man. An
effort was made to secure the use or the
telephone and the urgenev of the case was
explained to the parties engaged In the
conversation.
The request for the use of the line w*is
met with the information that the persons
holding it were going to hold it as long as
they could, even If the entire family tiled
of carbolic acid poisoning.
It took many moments of delay and vex
atlou3 working #at the telephone before
the parties would allow the family to call
a doctor. Dr. C. M. Selfridge. who was
finally called, said:
"Had I been called earlier there misht
have been a chance of saving the yeans
lady's life. Delay at such a moment Lt
most dangerous. I have heard the storjf
of the telephone and consider the action
of the parties In holding the line an out
rage."
A Coroner's Jury decided to-nicht that
Miss MacDonald came to her death from
the effects of carbolic acid taken with sui
cidal Intent while temporarily insane.
TELEPHONE MADE AID TO DEATH
AND THE AGENT OF SORROW
OAKLAND. Oct. 3— The first meet
ing of the annual conference of
the Methodist Episcopal church
South took place this evening
at the Ashbury Methodist Epis
copal Church. Nearly sixty visiting pas
tors were present, in addition to a large
number of laymen. The opening sermon
wa-> preached by Bi?hop W. "W. Duncan
cf South Carolina, who took as his text
Paul's exhortation to Timothy.
The reverend gentleman expressed him
self as strongly opposed to the spiritual
excitement exhibited in religious revivals
"E^war^ of the preachers who feed men.
not on the word of God, not on truth,
but en excitement." he said. "Let our
ministers preach the truth, thoujrh it be
but to twenty-rive persons. Nothing does
more harm than so-called eloquent ser
mons. They are born in vanity and kept
alive in egotism that is almost contemp
tible."
The bishop denounced the clergyman
who i.a a puny scholar. "It Is a Kreat
mistake because a minister of the go«pel
r^alizps he must be a student." he said,
"to think he must give up his physical
streng-th. The man is criminally foolish
who sits up till 12 o'clock studying and
th*n complains the next day that he is
completely tired out. The minister must
have a «trone spirit In a strong body."
Amonjr the ministers who are attending
the conference Hr»: YV. M. Armstrong.
E. G. Page. W. Phillip. G C. Pendergast.
P.. H. Green*. C. R Ruddick. J. J. N.
Ker.nej-. J. Emery. J. M. Pratt. C. E. W
Smith. W. A. Booheo. J. C. Simmons. XV.
P. Andrews. I.. C. Smith. W. A. Ltndsev.
c. M. Davenport. W. L. Vauehn. T. G.
Patterson, o. T.. Ru«?*ll. T. Clark. John
Hannon and J. E. Moore.
BISHOP DUNCAN IS OPPOSED
TO RELIGIOUS EXCITEMENT
Structure That Will Be a Credit to Oakland and
Greatly Improve City's Appearance.
NEW POSTOFFICE BUILDING
TO BE OF STATELY DESIGN
OEO. A .KNIGHT IN DEMAND.
George A. Knight's ability as an orator
1st -ecrtgnized In th<? East Hla speech In
the Philadelphia convention seconding tin
nomination of President McKlnley chal
lenged the attention "f leading men In thf
Republican party and s*>v*rat requests
have been made for his services in Ohio.
Indiana and New York.
Mr. Knight has rot quite made up his?
mind to go East on a spenkirs tour, but is
endeavnrire to arrirx* th» *ff«irs of his
law office so that he can comply with the
demand fcr bis service*.
Following is the copy of a letter from
the R»publlean National Ccmmitte* ask
ing as to the availability of Mr. Knight:
Rernb!!can National Committed.
CHICAGO. Til.. Sept. ir \r*
Hon. Ge^ire Stone. Chairman Republican
State Committee. P«n Franrlsro— IVar Str: I
write, to lniulre In repari to Mr. Kni«ht nt
your State. th» gentleman who seconded th*
nomination of President McKlniey In th- Ph'.la
(!<>fr«!a convention.
We are receiving some nncer.t ea!!* fr ih'.n
rarty In different State*.. They wneld \\\m to
know If he !•» available, and if »o. wo«:!1 be
pleased to make arrangements with him ta
operate un3»r the auspices cf the Speakers' Bu
reau of th? National Republican Committe
ir»T I have th* honor of hearlr.jc from rou
by return mail In n?rard tT this matter? Give
me his fall ram* and address, and wh-ther h
will leave California to do campaign w-»rk In
Um Middle East and West.
Thanking you In advance f^r an early reply.
I am. sincerely Tnnn.
TVTLXJS OEOROE EMERSON.
Vice Chairman breakers' Bureau.
Julius Kahn Club Organizes.
The Julius Kahn Cub of the Thirty-first
District met at Mullaily HalT last even
ing and elected the following cHcerv
"William "Walsh, president: Joan Dun
r.ingan. secretary: John E. Mullally.
treasurer. Julius Kahn. the Republican
nominee for Congress from the Fourth
r>l*trict, and John Hourigan. the nominee
for the Assembly from the Thirty-first
District, addressed the meeting. Next
Wednesday evening the club will hold a
grand rally. Julius Kahn and other prom
inent speakers will address the meeting.
CONGRESSMAN EUGENE F.
LOUD made th» openine address
of his campaign in San Francisco
last night at Pixley's Hall, cor
ner of Pacific and Polk streets.
at a meeting of the official Republican
Club of the Forty-first Assembly District.
Prolonged cheers greeted the speaker as
he was introduc*»d.
Congressman Loud dwelt at length on
the subject of prosperity and declared
that the trade of our country was never
In a healthier condition than at present.
a condition due to President McKInley's
fulfillment of the promises made to the
people by the Republican party in the
campaism of four years ago.
The speaker said that the increase of
trade and the general wave of prosperity
was not confined to any particular sec
tion, but was hailed throughout the en
tire country as a welcome change from
the stagnant and depressed conditions
under which^ the people had been held
during the years of the previous national
administration.
To cite an example of this State's re
lease from dull times and business inac
tivity Mr. Loud related a recent interview
with a farm owner n*ar San Jose, who
declared that from 1S5.T to ISO* a day sel
dom passed that a number of willing men
did not apply not rrnly for work but for
something to eat. and that it was a com
mon sight for train passengers to see
scores of men along trie country roads
emerging from haystacks, where they had
been forced to pass the night through- en
forced idleness. To-day the conditions
have changed, work Is plentiful, the la
borer Is better situated and provided for
and feels the effect of the general pros
perity.
Reeardlng the war with Spain. Con
pressman Loud declared that he had op
posed it from the beginning. That n»ry
of his Democratic colleagues In the House
had prayed that President McKlnl»y
would declare war. hoping that he would
make mistakes which would furnish op-
The question of the. appointment of a
campaign committee was called up by
"I decline," Curry retorted. " and I do
not thank Mr. Truman for the nomina
tion."
I. J. Aschhetm nominated John. F. Mc-
Glvnn and he was unanimously elected.
also thf.t of Thomas Duff as second vice
chairman. As Duff's successor, Augustus
Tiltlen and William Offerman were nomi
nated, but both declined. A. B. Truman
nominated Max Goldberg as a man "who
seemed to be in sympathy with the major
ity of the committee." Goldberg was elect
ed by a unanimous vote.
"There is nothing like recognition." said
Mr. Truman, "'of men who have lately
joined our ranks from the Democrats. I
desire to nominate as secretary one of
our most recent converts. J. J. Curry."
Beeotved. That P. J. Keily. .Tnhn Ph»*. Alex
Uarpfar, Pamuel Turr.er ar.i Thomas Ford are
hereby appointed a committee to flli all varan
r:es in the list of the Bomlsces of this con
f.iu-e whatsoever, and orepare and file the
necessary certiScat»s <»f nomination therefor.
Resolved. Tha: John .Tark*.>n. <\ A. Merrill.
F. Brur.sw-ir-k. R. P. i'lcment and r-fcarles Conk
lin be ar.d th»y are hereby appointed an audit
ing committee of and for the nominees of this
COCieuUon Wtth ail the r>owers vested in such
aud'tir.r committee; in accordance with an-1 by
virtue of the pr<->vtel"n!< of the purity of elec
tions law r>t the State of California. *aid com
mittee tn have full power tn audit and make
a!l expenditures. dUixurrrrtipnts ar.d receipts on
behalf r>f all the caniidate* nominated by this
c-nventirn or by th» c^mrr.:tt<H? authorized by
This r^nvention to fill vacancies In the list of
n<^rriine»*fi nf this convention.
next Menr.ial convention of the Citizens' Re
puMtcan party, but no i-r,rer. and that dur
ing sail r-erioi. the mnrr,:tt»« shall have ex
clusive control and rr.anar^aierit of said raxty.
and rrcvide for the calling ar.i heldlrr of ail
C'tnventicns thereof, whatever their purpose.
That ?i.i<1 above named c>^mmittee shall serve
frr the next ensuing- two year? and until the
P. J. Kelly. Vf. S. Scott. Frank Dar'.lns.
Peter Hammer*. E. P. Tire. Thorras Kendrick.
John Jark^-n. Charts Tir.klin. Charles E.
I>aJey. M. J. Pullivan. D. J. O'Brien. A. O.
Kn-.rht. A. Fromberc. Frar.k Kns». M. J.
l>unr. Charles E. ForNes. Joseph I>->gan and
R. P. Cement
Revived, That this c^nrentton. being: a duly
organize! apwrnMa" of delegates, elected by
ball -* at « primary election tiuly and legally
calle? ard heM. and representing a political
pirty. tc-»it. the Citizens" Rermblicari party
r* ih» city and county of t^an Francisco, acting
ur.der find r-ursuant to the provisions ot sec
t!c-n USS of the Political Code of the State of
Cal'.fr.rr.la. hereby elect* a county governing
cotr.irmtee for the Citizens' Republican party,
eonristirr "f the foll^-a-lng named persons :'
their ?u<-cef:!=rrs should b» elected and qualified,
an.i
Whpreas. the convention of the citizens' Re
puHican party which «»s held ur>on the 17th
day of August. 1?T'5. an.i upon the 5th and 6th
days of October. l'?9. 4t<1 n-n select cr elect
a eumity committee or any committee to have
the cPDtrel and management «f saM Citizens'
Rej-uW;can P«Tty. as th» raeeeflsara cf the com
mittee name.' by the convention of 1*??. Now,
th»refci-e. he It
"If a man says anything here." said A.
B. Truman, "that la not in accord with
the views of the place-hunters, who are
not members of the committee but who
come here and tell members how to vote,
he is Insulted by them. I want to know If
that Is the way to harmonize the party?
Those men on the purity committee were
appointed to purify Republican politics.
They will purify it into corruption. There
Is no precedent for their acting as a cam
paign committee."
Aschhelm's motion for a committee of
seven prevailed, and Chairman Hillman
appointed the following members to serve
on it:
I. J. Aschhelm. John F. McGlynn. E. M.
Buckley. L. D. McOonald. H. C. Hender
son. Frank D. Worth and Lenn Samuels.
The purity committee, which was organ
ized as a campaign committee and which
may dispute the authority of the men
nam«»d by Hillman. is composed of H. G.
W. Dtnkelsplel. A. B. Mahony. Patrick
Prendergast. Morris Asher and Thomas
W. Woodward.
The meeting adjourned without tran
sacting further business.
Augustus Tilden moved that It be the
sense of the meeting that the purity com
mittee be recognized as the regular cam
paign committee. A. B. Truman made the
point of order that the committee could
not appoint as a committee to represent it
men who did not belong to it. The point
was sustained by the chair.
Truman moved that a campaign com
mittee of eighteen be appointed, one from
each Assembly District, but the motion
was lost. I. J. Aschheim moved that the
chair appoint a committee of seven. Til
den and others? were still contending that
harmony would be promoted by recogniz
ing the purity committee as the campaign
committee. George Boyne opposed that
contention and was jeered at by some of
the Kelly men present.
Chairman Hillman, and soon got Into
such a snarl that for a time it looked as
if it would not be straightened out. The
complication arose over the fact that the
purity committee appointed by Chairman
Bergerot of the County Convention had
organized as a campaign committee.
Chairman Hillman said It was not de
sirable that there should be any conflict
of authority, but as these was grave doubt
of the-validity of the purity committee's
organization a3 a campaign committee it
would be expedient for the County Com
mittee to proceed as if such action had
not been taken until .the validity of it had
been settled.
"The indorsement is a very proper one."
A. Reuf said. "Mr. Spear's services to
the party have be*>n eminent. He is well
known as a citizen of high standing and
unquestioned integrity, and his appoint
ment would do honor to the party and
the city. It would be in the line of civil
service reform, being practically a prc
motion for Mr. Spear. His present ofllca
would be left vacant, to be filled by the
appointment of some oth^r worthy man."
The motion for the adoption of the reso
lution was put to vote without further
debate and was carried.
James A. Wilson resigned as secretary
of the county committee and John F. Mc-
Glynn was chosen as his successor. Al
fred Bouvier, chairman of th* 1 committee.
was not present, being prevented from at
tending bj- private business. No resigna
tion from him was presented. John K
Hillman. first vice chairman, presided at
the meeting.
When Wilson presented his resignation
as secretary there was some objection to
th* acceptance of it. A. B. Truman moved
that It be not accepted. Max Goldberg
suggested that it be laid on the table.
"I want it understood." said Wilson,
"that I am not resigning as a sorehead.
But I am not in sympathy with the course
the majority of the committee has adopt
ed I feel the majority has mfide its camp
where I cannot pitch my tent. I am just
as good a Republican as ever, but it is
no more than right that the majority
should have officers who are in harmony
with it."
The resignation was accepted, as was
Some opposition to the resolution, which
was Introduced by Augustus Tilden, de
veloped. T. H. McCarthy contended that
as th^re were a number of candidates the?
committee ought not to enter the lists
In behalf of any one of them.
Jr. for appointment to the office
of Collector of Customs of the Port of
San Francisco. left vacant by the death
of Colcnel John P. Jackson. The reso
lution urges Senators Bard and Perkins
to use their influence to secure Mr.
Spear's appointment by President McKin
ley.
THE [ Republican County Central
Committee at Its regular monthly
meeting last night adopted a res
olution indorsing Joseph S. Bpear
Secretary Wilson Resigns and J. F. McGlynn Is Elected as
His Successor— Campaign Committee Chosen in
Spite of Action of Bergerot's Appointees.
At the close cf Mr. Loud's remarks
thr"*» cheers were given with -a will 'and
the announcement was shouted that th.^
Forty-first district would r<">ll ur> a h«»avy
majority to return the Congressman to
Washington.
Henry C. Dibble. Thomas F. Dur.n. D
J. Murphy. Thomas F. Graham. Dwi*
I,oud«»rhack. Benjamin McK1n!ey. Wil
liam Sexton and Captain Leal" mad.-?
sh^rt speeches, after which thectub ad
journed. _.
"With the Philippines It remains for Oai
to maintain them, educate the inhabitants
an<1 make a set of people, who can govern
themselves."'
"There are no issues to di<«ct:s». in this*
campaign." the speaker dec!ar»*<1: '"the
people have found that the RepuMican
administration has rlone Its duty. k*pt Ita
promises and given prosperity in place <">{
adversity. It is for the peo'pl» now to
show their gratitude to the party thai
carried them through the hard cri-«!3. ¦
portunltles for his political enemies to
hurl at him and his party during this
campaign. President McKliiiey has beer,
strong In moral courajre. the speaker said,
and. while beinsj Implored to hurry the
war against Spain, knowing that the
country, owing to its being poorly equip
ped with ammunition, wa? not ready to
proceed, showed his diplomacy and. clear
headedness In averting the crisis until
conditions warranted hi* declaration.
And then, when our country did act. it
placed Itself almost immediately among
the nations as & world power.
Forty-first District Republicans Turn
Out in Large Numbers to Wel
come Him.
fmjjiu HE Ciurcr.s' Republican Comnen
. I tlon reconvened last night in the
| SfcieU building, W. P. Scott pre
\_ piiiir.jf, and nominate*! candidates
• ' (or Justio? of the P-ice. £enate
and" Afseinbly. The report of the com
nrlttee appointed by the delegates on Man
<: :y r.ipht was reo^lv*"i avA adopted with-
Cttt pr->;est. except that of C. H. I>5ns of
th.? Forty-first Assembly District, who
¦c^uid not se* his way dear to indorse
¦fcr.ynnp from the Forty-first but H. C.
Dibble.
' 'Aj the names of the rcntaws were reaJ
.bjrjthe secretary thej were greeted with
Ji^arty applause. A resolution. Introduced
ty M. J. Dunn, that the itrnrt of the
DCnunattng c rr,rr.r:*-e be adopted w?s
' carried almost unanimously, the single
exception being the vote of Mr. Long: of
the Foxtr-firtt. vi-ho -washed his bands
of. :hf- entire affair."
J. D. Kan. candidate for the Assemb!)
fr<>m the F rty-third District, tru called
u?nn by 'hiirman Scott to address the
convention ard in h:.« remarks declared
Sxtmselt unalterably opposed to political
;b<asslnn, plcdstsc himself, in the erect
of hi? "'.ection. to do his utmost to defeat
any and ail the schemes of the bosses.
C E. Fisher, nominee for the AasexnMj
.fr/?m the Thirty-fourth District, reiterated
Ihf sentiment expressed by Mr. Hart.
In th<» majority of case? the nominations
xi*re simply indorsements, the nominees
being . already Candida :*•<= on either the
Republican cr Democratic tickets.
Following is the ticket named by the
delegates:
for Jostfeea of the ~Pta.ce — Thomas F. Purr.
Percy V. Lone ud H. L. Tiimi Ilium n
For Senator. Seventeenth Senatorial District
— Jcs-ch M. Phmkett
For Senator Aftseteestb Senatorial District—
lUcfcar-l J Weleh.
For Senator Tw-pntr-Srrt Senatorial District
— TVUltam E White.
For Senator Twer.ty-thlrd Senatorial District
•i-Jofea G. Tyrrell:
F^.r P-r.ator Twenty -fifth Eenatorfal Di«trin
— .*--. H. N»l*~n.
. F"or in^inb^r of the A«s=«n.bly Twersty- e'.phih
«***•— .My District— EoceiM F. Lary.
'.For member. of th* Assembly Twer.ty-nir.th
¦>is»»rr.blv IM<tri<-*— Thorna* J. Horaa.
For m*rrt-«r of the Assembly Thirtieth -As
•etofatjr piMiliT fjimi C. McLsuichlin.
Fr-r raetaber of the Awmbly Thirty-first A«-
Betnbly District— Jobs H. Hosri^an.
Ft member of the Assembly Thirty-s*?<T.i
niliTj District — Oiar'es M. Troppnann.
F>r — .er-.tw of thp AwraKy Thirty-third
J"kss»rr.h:y District— John Butler.
For merr.Ser of the A*«<»Tsb:y Thirty-fourth
.-¦---'-:>- District— Charlea E. Tisher.
Far member of the Assembly Thirty-S'tb
Ae5«—v:v mstrict— Ei«»rd F. Trejiflwe;}.
For rr.embor of the Assembly Thirty-sixth A«
»*nbly :»''trir»— James H. M'-Cormick.
For member of the Xss»>!r.b!v Thirty-seventh
Assembly District— Arthur G. Fi*k.
For rr.«T-.ber of the Assembly Thirty-*!«rhth
¦ AwMiubty rMrtrict— FJert Srhle«f!ir.c«=r.
- »rr.5"-er of the Assembly Thirty-ninth
A«<=*— r!j Pt?trirt— Frank Macbeth.
For nesober of the Assembly Fortieth Assern
f: I>:«;rirt— Hamilton A.TiitW'r.
For uyiubtr oC the AwnMy Fcrty-first As-
FTr.f ';¦ T'lFtrict— Owar Sutro.
Ft rr«*rrib<»r if the Assembly Forty-seconi
A»s*rsr.!y District— WiTUam D. Wesson.
For nwmber of the aswtv*-*!}- Forty-third As
ffT.My O;«rr|r.--Jiri<-s I>. Hart.
¥"r*r Tr.+rr.y>~r r>t the A«»err.b!y FTty-fmjrth
AsremMy Dinrirt— Alexander Carnpbell Jr.
r^r peBaber of rfte Assembly Fcrty-Kfth A*
f-—-.*¦:;¦ District— xrrffisn H. Gatelr.
P. J. K*>lly introduced the folio-win^
resn'-jtion. which was unanimous' . •
adopted:
V."b>r?*s. T>.e cnveatioa of the Citizens'
F.epuhlioar. party, held upon the 4th <iay of
October. IR»f. e^-te-i a f-our.ty committee "f
' CKtaraS* Eepublic»a r>arty. •wrhich said
c Tr^rr.ittee should have exclusive control sni
r-sraprnient nf the affairs of sail party ur.til
Many of the Nominations Made -Are
Indorsements of Candidates Al
ready in the Field.
Citizens' Republican Party Convenes
and Names a Judicial and a
Legislative Ticket.
Republican County Central Committee Indorses Joseph S.
Spear Jr. for Collector of Customs and Asks
Senators to Urge His Appointment.
Congressman Eugene F. Loud Makes
His Opening Address and Tells of
Country's Prosperity.
REPUBLICAN COUNTY COMMITTEE INDORSES SPEAR AND LOUD TALKS TO CONSTITUENTS
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, OCTOBER 4, 1900.
EUGENE P. LOUD. REPUBLI
CAN CONGRESSIONAL NOMI
NEE IN FIFTH DISTRICT.
W. 5. SCOTT, CHAIRMAN OF
THE CITIZENS' REPUBLICAN
CONVENTION.
REPUBLICAN COMMITTEE
CHAIRMAN BOUVIER, TVHO
IS ABOUT TO RESIGN.
9
SUMMER RESORTS.
PARAISO HOT SPRINGS,
The Cartibad of Aaerlca. Is cow opea for th»
winter season. Ad£resa C T. ROUXE. Faraiao
Eprtcfs. CaL
SPOKAXK. Oct. i— The Pacific O*»«t Asso-
ciation of Fire Chiefs to-<iay accepted tht In-
vitation of the Portland Elks to meet next year
in that eltr <iarinff the annual carnival.
REDWOOD CITT. Oct. 3.— The directors of
th» R«lwood City Library Association helii a
meeting last nijrht to discuss the advisability
of . transf errinc the books and furniture of the
library to the clt>'. It was decided ' that such
Ex-Pos«iisaster Johnson says: "It fftves
rr« pleasure to say that E>r. DeFord's I>y»-
P?p«!a Cure- gave me bsBOttata relief act!
cured me entirely or a very obstinate stom-
ach disorder after all other doctors acd
coedlcirjes tailed.**
Dr. DeFord
His Homeopathic Remedies are 45 tried
acd proven specific*, plainly labeled, easy
to take. No railcre. no delay, no «xperi-
rr.er.t. no poisonous dreg*. At! drags'-*'*
sell them. A separate cure (or «ack dis-
ease. Mostly 25 cents a vtai. See or writs
Dr. Paul DeFord, the Eminent European
Graduate, for free m*<Ifeal advice. 1T5 N.
Spring St.. Room* 2 and J. Los> Angeles, Ca!.
Remedies mailed to any ad£rea3. pu*t-
paid. on receipt or price.
"Ftr.a'Iy I quit all drugs and took up
;nraioe-Not*. which I h?d he.ird of u« a
food for the brain and nerve centers.
After giving the food a fair triaJ I found
:t wa^ not nece«*ary to srive uo mv oc-
ct:r>*tion. bnt I have been able to ke<r>
risht ?lnnp and do more work, while
the re?u*t has been marvelous Mv
?nxiety U crone, work U aole'«=tire and
T a-n a r-,tv: man throuehodt. The won-
derful biee?in$r% wrapped »ip in the tooth-
some little kernel* of Graoe-Xuts can
be extracted by any one who wishes to
repa-r the w?ste and wear of brain and
nerve."
"Ten yeare ago I turned from that vo-
cstion to the pre^ht occupation: here
a;ra:n, wa« mental work and seden«;arv
•abits. v.hicb. coupled with Doorlv se-
lected fo^d. finally set ud indisre. ion.
conctip-ition. liver trouble, brain facr and
loss of mental oower. Xcrvousnc-^s
marked me for torture and for vear« the
affliction? increased. I soent hundred ;
of dollar* in vain effort* to find a etire.
Ah .employe in the pension office at
\Vashsnj7tor.. J. R. Weather*, savs. re-
•ir?rdinp food: "For thirtv vears I have
¦been a hrain worker! OrisrinaHv I in-
herUed « yood physical oreani>m. and
tbis reserve of life force carried me
through upwards of twenty vear? of am-
kitinus work as a professional teacher.
Particles of Grape-Nuts.
GHAP2-2TXTTS.
WRAPPED IN KERNELS.
Blessings Bound Up in the I-ittle
A woman may be for all men to admire,
b'Jt the is for the happiness of one.
, ADVEHTISEMZNTS.
dysphpsTaTHE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, OCTOBER 4, 19UU.
10
2D-HAND photographic and magic lantern out-
flts bought, sold, exchanged. 109 Montgomery.
FIRST-CLASS second-hand modern engines and
boilers bought and sold. KROGH Mfg. Co.
SAFES— New and second hand; all sizes THF
WALTZ SAFK. W-1U Market St.. Saii Fran!
Misci:lla> ki»u» WA.vrs.
WANTED— To charter, a vessel of 3S0 tons
Apply to H. DAVENPORT. 1015 Market St.
LADIES' and gents' cast-off clothing bought «
sold. Sllverman. 334 Folsom; tel. Folsom 1191.
KLEIN still pays best price for clothing, bri<v
a-brac and books.- 109 Sixth St.: tel. Jessie 141.
MOXEY TO LOAX.
AA— BEST rates and easiest terms! -~~>~»~
Second Mortgages
Interest* in Estates .
...... Undivided Interests in Real Estate ..
Financial nroblems of all sorts and sins
eolved by HERMAN MURPHY. 630 Market
ANY amount at « per cent: 1st. 2d and 3d mort-
gages, undivided interest, real estate in pro
bate: mortgages and legacies bought; no do
.lay; get my terms before doing business eUe-
where. R. McCOLGAN. 21 Montgomery, r. *.
ANY proposition, any amount; 6 per cent- first,
second mortgages, estates in probate Interest
in estates, legacies, corporation loans chattel
mortgages, life Insurance. Room 16, first floor,
Chronicle building. HALLORAN & OLSEN.
HIGHLY respectable private place to obtain
liberal advances on diamonds, jewelry at low-
est rates. Baldwin Jewelry Store, S4S Marke:
at; tel. Main 1644. Branch 19 Third st
LUNCH waiter wanted. 223 Brannan st.
BOOTBLACK wanted In barber shop. 1427 Oc-
tavia st.. near Post.
WANTED — Wax thread operators and shoe
fitters. D. R. WENTWORTH. West Berkeley.
BOY wanted. Mutual Label and Lltho. Co., 23
Main st.
WANTED— A lunch waiter at 236 Townsend st.
WANTED— A porter In restaurant with some
experience as waiter. 133 O'Farrell st.
SHOEMAKER wanted on custom repairing.
533 'i Mission St.
DISHWASHER wanted. 907 Kearny st
WAITER wanted. 153 Third st. '
WANTED— Good barber; steady work. 112\J
Eddy st.
YOUNG barber with 1H years' experience. 22
East st.
WAITER wanted to carry trays and do porter
work. 37 Eddy st.
WANTED— A boy or elderly "man to run ele-
vator. 29 Stockton st.
A COMPETENT horseshoer wanted immedi-
ately; fire or floor. Corner Third and Silver.
WANTED— Porter; young man for saloon. 531
Kearny st.
WANTED— A young waiter to work at 12 East
street.
DISHWASHER wanted at 1502 Kentucky st.
WANTED— Good ladles' tailor. J. McCLENE-
GAN, 532 Fourteenth st.. Oakland.
YOUNG man to help along in cake bakery;
wages $25 and board and lodging. 911V4 Larkin.
AMATEUR cornet player for brass band. Ap-
ply 1 Brook place, off Market, near Kearny^
GOOD 2-chalr barber shop for sale cheap. 3142
Twenty- fourth St.. near Folsom.
WE want 10 honest, industrious men to solicit
In city and county; experience not necessary;
• we teach you the business; good contracts for
Bober men willing to work. White Sewing
Machine Co., 300 Post St.. cor. Stockton.
GET your shoes half soled while waiting; 25c
to 50c. £62 Mission St., bet. 1st and 2d sts.
10 MEN for merchant ships, all parts of the
world. HERMAN. 2fi Steuart st.
'WANTED — Good coatmaker at 225>4 ¦ Montgom-
ery ave. ; also a boy.
BOY wanted to drive butcher cart; experienced
preferred. People's Market, cor. 16th. Market.
A TAILOR to work on custom coats; good
wages. 1130 Turk St.
TALENTED amateur performers wanted. Ap-
ply at Chutes at 6 p. m.
PAINTER with some experience for pasting
Call £36^4 Jesyle St.. early. .-
WANTED— rBarber shop In good country town. I
Box 223S, Call Office. . A \
COOPERS wanted at the California Barrel i
Company. . Twenty-second and Illinois sts. I
SHOEMAKER on repairing wanted at 1416 Va- !
lencla st.
WANTED — An experienced coal oil canvasser.
¦Pioneer OH Co., 731 Clementina st., - between
6 and 7- p. m.
STOLTZ, , barber supplies, removed from 630
~ Market (basement) to 636 Market St., upstairs.
UNDERPUEPSERS wanted on coats, pants
: and vests. 541 Market St. - ,'
GENTLEMEN'S suits to order, $1 per week, at
cash rrlces. N. Y. Tailoring Co., 115 Kearny.
BOTS wanted. SAN FRANCISCO AND PA-
. CIFIC GLASS. WORKS, 7th and Townsend. }
SAILORS, ' ordinary seamen and green hands;
all parts of world. HERMAN'S, 26 Steuart.
PENSIONS— GEO. D. CAMPBELL, lawyer, ia
... ....years' practice; Examiner . building, j
LABORERS and drillers wanted at S27 Four-
teenth St., near Guerrero. J
10-TON Fairbanks scale and fire and burglar
proof safe. 216 California »t.
PORTABLE engines, boilers; Iron and wood
planers, lathes: 2d hand. J. Burke. 139 Beale.
MAGIC lanterns, new and 2d hand; moving
pictures. BULLARD & BRECK, 131 Post st.
WILL rent full dress Tuxedo or Prince Albert
suits for $2 50. Portland Loan Offlce. 25 Stktn.
THREE working horses. $20 and up. Apply
grocery. Van Ness ave. and McAllister rt.
SAFES— New and second hand. THE HER-
MANN SAFE CO.. 417-423 Sacramento st.
VERY handsome perfect opal scarfpin for $13*
cost orlg. |S5. UNCLE HARRIS. 15 Grant av!
$25— FOR sale: beautiful large guitar; cost $75
made to order. 342 Kearny st.
.—100 HORSEPOWER engine, boiler. 2-drill
«Ir compressor. JARDINE'S, 220 Fremont st.
WHOLESALE house desires a responsible
woman to travel; position permanent. Box
2235, Call office.
YOUNG girl In a shooting gallery.* Apply 827
Post st., 2 o'clock. JAMES ROGERS.
A LADY of indomitable energy possessed of
self-assertion; good opportunity to righ» party.
F. PERSON, room 412 Parrott building.
STEEL TANKS, all sIzps; suitable for water or
oil: cheap: all shapes; second hand. H S
WHITE^SIS Mission st.
A — BUYS, s<-lls or rents gear machinery, en-
gines, boilers, water pipe, shafting, pulleys
' etc. WHITKLAW. 216 Spear st. * "
A— $3 50 DERBY and Fedora hats, SI 75. Pop-
ular Price Hatters. 330 Kearny st.. near Pine.
FINE suit. $10; dress pants. $2 73. MISFIT
CLOTHING PARLORS. 437 Montgomery rfc
BARS, back bars, mirrors, showcases, counters.
. linoleum, new and second hand; we always
have a large stock of saloon outfits on hand;
32 complete outflts on our floor, ready made;
we can ship everything in 24 hours. J.
NOON AN, 1017. 1013. 1021, 1023 Mission st,
above Sixth; write for catalogue.
BOILERS, engines, 2d-hand machinery. Mc-
INTOSH & WOLPMAN, 195-197 Fremont st.
JIISCELLASKOL'S KOIl SALE.
GOOD finisher on pants. 83 Third St.
WANTED — Ladles and gentlemen to learn tha
manufacturing o^all kinds of beautifying per-
fumery, as cold creams, shampoos, emulsions,
bay rums, tooth powders, hair tonics, etc.;
1C0-3C0 per cent saved: terms reasonable. H.
XOWO. Perfumer. 916 Folsom st.. between
Fifth and Sixth.
RAG carpets wove to order and for sale; als >
chenille-wove russ, silk portieres; dealer in
carpet twine. In hank or chain, at lowest
rates. GEO. MATTHEWS. 7C9 Fifth. Oakland.
MME. ADA. the wonderful glft-d healer, re-
moved to 1104 Market St.. offices 3 and 4.
SEAWEED— Let me see you or hear at ones*.
If roslible in three days. FISHER DICK.
box 442C. Call offlce.
ALL hair and scalp diseases a guaranteed cure;
dandruff and falline hair cured; gray re-
Stored; the Egyptian Titian shade, a harm-
less vegetable compound is tn lead; book for
stamp. K. R. DUNLAP. 6 Eddy St.. 4th floor.
153S MARKET, near Eighth— Front offices. $15;
transient : quiet place. .
THE HUDSON RIVER CO.. '
HOPKE BROS.
Mattresses and r'M° W9 made to order, recov-
ered and renovated: honest work guaranteed:
prices defy competition: fine upholstery; phono
6309- factory 31? and 320 Eleventh St.; ftrst-
clars cleaning and dyeing. 123 O-Farrell »t-.
near Powell. San Francisco.
LEDERER, the popular hairdresser, employs
only artistic artistes — result, artistic hair-
dressing always: price 25c; fine switches
cheap. 123 Stockton^
ELECTRIC lights in every room— Winchester
Hotel. 44 Third st. near Market: 700 rooms;
*5c to $1 CO per night: $1 SO to S3 per W«ek:
free 'bus and b«ggage to and from tha ferry.
S-t.:iTS to order on Installments: $15 upward;
$1 & week. LEON LEMO9. 1117 Market st.
between Seventh and Eighth.
LEDERER'S Quintonica Hair Tonic Is rery
' beneficial to the hair: try it: 35c bottle.
PRIVATE detective work; reasonable rates; 13
years' experience. J. B. RAY, K7 Jessie st.
S1TITS to order on easy payments. Art Ta.lor-
Ing Co.. 1641 Mkt.. under St. Nicholas Hotel.
OLD gold, silver, diamonds and precious stones
bought. J. R. JENKEL. S17 Market st
LEDERER'S Foamo Shampoo cleanses tfc»
scalp perfectly; nothing like tt: "c package.
MAIR quickly curled or -waved by using Tal-
rott's curling fluid: 25c a bottle; dniggUts.
WANTED— Old-fashioned silver. hra.«s. copper
ware: curios, all descriptions^ B23 Duponl »t.
ALFREDUMS Egyptian Henna restores gray
¦ hair to Its naturak color; $1. at all drujjslsts.
CAST-OFF clothing, old gold and silver bought"
senC postal. COLEMAN'3. 606 Kearny tt.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents. The Weekly Can.
16 paire*. In wrapper, for malllnsr. $1 per yenrl
PHYSICIANS AND SURGEO.V9.
DR. C. C. CDONNELL—Offlce and residence
lOnvj Market st.. between Sixth and Seventh.
REAL ESTATE} — CITY — FOR SALE.
A FINE new cottage of 6 rooms and thigh fin-
ished basement; all modern improvements-
large lot. wtth driveway: cheap;* small
amount cash, balance like rent; see owner on
premises. Church and SOth sta. A. KLAHN..
MODERN houses built: lowest prices: plans and-
estimates furnished. Campbell. 1147 Mission.
MISSION cottage; new; S rooms, bath; lot 30x
lOO; JM0O; terms to sutt buyer. 413 Kearnv «u
A THOROUGH, practical orchardlst, >ineyurd-
Ist and general farmer of wide experience,
-married, would like management of -large
*raneh or would take place on shares; refer-
ences. Box 2239. Call. - -, , ;.
YOUNG man. fair writer, who understands
bookkeeping, desires position where reliabil-
ity and trustworthiness would "be recom-
mendations; reference; security. Box 2230
Call offlce. ¦ . . '
WANTED-* A position to take care of garden;
horses and anything in general: good driver;
or take care of an invalid. Box 4455, Call. ,
WANTED — Situation as porter, watchman or
waiter by middle-aged man; reference. Ad-
dress J. B.. E17 Pine st.
SITUATION, by first class fireman, economical
with fuel and handy with tools. Box 2233. Call.
YOUNG man wishes : to learn bartending In
first-class plaec Box 2215. Call Office.
A COMPETENT and .industrious man with
small family, German, would like to take
charge of gentleman's place; thoroughly
understands orchard and vineyard .work, dry-
ing and packing fruit, gardening and general
/ farming: wife first-class cook; references.
Box 2240, Call. •
MAN with 2 horses and heavy wagon wants
work in city or country. Inquire Call offlce.
HARDWARE salesman of 6 years' experience
desires position in city or country-; first-class
references. Box 2244, Call office.
WANTED— By a competent and experienced
man, position as bookkeeper in retail store;
references from last employer. Address box
2242. Call offlce. , --¦
EMPLOYMKST WANTED MALE.
REAL estate agents and owners— A carpenter
who has had large experience In building and
general repairing of real estate In the East
can save money for agents or owners. Box
2277, Call offlce. J
APPRENTICES on overalls. STANDARD
5 SHIRT FACTORY, cor. Gough and Grove sts.
GIRLS to rivet overalls, also sewing machine
operators, at Levl Strauss & Co.'s factory,
82% Fremont St.: no experience necessary;
good wages. Apply to MR. DAVIS.-
WANTED-Asslstant nurse girl. 1216 Masonic
ave., near Halght: call between 9 and 2.
NEAT strong girl to assist In housework:
. .small family; wages $10; good home. 503
Guerrero st.
WANTED— Ladles to learn to be acrobats, to
travel. Call 1231 Market, r. 2. bet 1 and 4.
WANTED— Good steady finishers cn pants;
steady work. 157 Fourth St..
GIRL for light housework and assist elderly
lady. 716 Franklin st.
.GIRL wanted for cooking and general house-
work; wages $20. Apply at 1025 Devlsadero.
TAILORESS, fine pants finisher, at 5V4 Kearny
st.,' room 18."~ :
WANTED— Women and girls to work on fruit.
1731 Folsom St.. between 13th and 14th. . • •
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch offlce, 2200 Fillmore st
A BRANCH offlce for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096 Va-
lenda ft. ¦. ¦ .
HELP WAXTED—OIALE. ..
MEN wanted to- learn barber trade; only eight
weeks required: positions guaranteed; special
inducements; catalogue and map of city frto.
MOLER'S BARBER COLLEGE, 635 Clay st
NEW goods; quick sales; salary • or commis-
sion; city or country. THE J. DEWING CO.,
Flood buildlns.-
"ALL sizes men's shoes, slightly damaged, half
price. "562 Mission st. bet. 1st 1 and 2d sts.
WANTED— 100 men to take rooms,' 10c, 13c and
, 20c. Boston House. 930 ¦ Howard st.
LINDELL' House. - corner Sixth* and Howard—
Rooms, 15c to 25c night; 75c to $2 per week.
j WANTED— Women and girls to work on toma-
toes, canning and preparing; highest wages
paid; steady work; prizes for quick work.
Apply Immediately to U. S. FRUIT PACK-
ING CO.. Harrison ave., between Seventh and
Eighth sts.. oft • Folsom.
EXPERIENCED cook in a private family.
2219 Scott st.
A GIRL 'about 16 to assist In general house-
work; good wages. 665 Broderlck st. \
NEAT German girl to oss'.st in housework.
Call 1628 Folsom St.. near Twelfth.
TALENTED amateur performers wanted. Ap-
ply at Chutes at 6 n. m.
WANTED— Girl for general housework and
cooklrz. 731 Green st.
A BRANCH offlce for Call advertisements arid
subscriptions has been established at lOSfi
Valencia st.
CLASSIFIED cdvertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch offlce. 2200' Fillmore st.
WINCHESTER House. 44 Third St., near Mar-
ket— 200 rooms; 25c to $1 to night, Jl 50 to $1
week; convenient and respectable; free 'bus
and baggage to and from ferry.
EJRST-CLASS milliner desires work by the
day or piece, in private family. 1S45 Market.
WANTED- By reliable elderly woman, light
housewor^*, working housekeeper or attend
elderly lady. H. A.. M7 Eighth st, Oakland.
GIRL wishes situation to do housework and
cooking; wages ?20.to $25. 2S2S Twenty-fourth
6t., near Bryant.
TWO Swedish girls wish places for general
housework In small family: wages $15; speak
little English. Address 2.".3 Ix^xlngton st.
COMPETENT woman wishes work by the day
house, window or office cleaning. Call or ad-
dress L. ANDERSON, 1202 Mission St., room 3.
WOMAN wants work py day washing. Ironing
or housecleaning. 291 Thirteenth, cor. Mission.
STENOGRAPHER, competent and experienced,
destres a situation. Address box 3703, Call.
FIRST-CLASS laundress wishes work by the
day; call for one week; no postals. 213 Minna.
WOMAN wishes work by the day* washing or
housecleaning: wages $1 10. 176 Seventh st.
SITUATION wanted by middle-aged German
lady as working housekeeper; no objection to
children. Call 68-76 Ellis St., room S9, 1 to I.
YOUNC woman wishes office cleaning or will
take gentlemen's washing home. Apply 219
Natoma. st.. In rear.
WOMAN wishes situation to do general house-
work or assist the lady. Call at 12 Eleventh
St., near Market.
STRONG woman wants work by the day, wash-
Ing, cleaning, etc.; wages $1. Apply at 212
Clara st., rear.
CHEAPEST and best In America— The Weekly
Call. 16 pages, sent to any. address In the
x United States or Canada one year for $L
DR. WONG HIM, herb doctor, treats all dis-
eases of the human body. 115 Mason st.
THE well-known DR. POPPER, celebrated fe-
male specialist; practical physician for 37
years; always successful. 313 Kearny st
WOMAN wants position: good cook; will do
any other kind of work. 246 Third st.
WANTED— Chambermaid. Apply Central Hotel,
632 Third fit. ¦
YOUNG girl for second work, $15. Apply
MAUDSLEY Sanitarium, 2111'Pine, 10 a. m.
WANTED— Young girl to assist In light house-
work; sleep home. 704 Buchanan, near Hayes.
STORE girl with some experience in bakery
and coffee parlor. 127 Fifth St.
GIRL to assist with housework; wages $10.
436 Fourteenth St., 10 to 12 a. m.
WANTED— Chambermaid and waitresses. Ho-
tel Reseller. 781 Sutter st. .
WOMAN wanted to wash napkins at 517 Mont-
. gomery st; wages $20.
RESPECTABLE young girl would like to do
upstairs v/ork and waiting at table. Please
Call at 1512 Baker st.
MIDDLE-AGED woman desires place to do
light housework; moderate wages; reference;
city or Oakland. Call 747 Howard st. .
WORK by the day or week by a young woman.
Apply or address 44 Russ St., between Sixth
and Seventh, Howard and Natoma.
WOMAN to help with the cooking. 136 Second
street.
GIRL about 15 years. CARSON GLOVE CO.,
35 Market st.
NEAT girl wants to assist In general house-
Work; private family; references; no postals.
1022 Laxkln Bt.
WANTED— Young girl to assist In light house-
work, sleep home; wages $8. 922 Hyde st.
WANTED — Good laundress; $23 mo. and room
nn<l board. Address Russ House. San Jose.
SEAMSTRESS employed part of day only will
give services in exchange for room and board.
Box ?243, Call. •
WANTED— Wax thread operators and shoe fit-
ters. D. R. WENTWORTH, West Berkeley.
WANTED— 2 first-class carpenters 8 a. m." at
City Hall Market. J. I. MITROVICH, con-
tractor.
A GENTLEMAN of indomitable energy and
pu?h; good opportunity to rlgfct man. F.
PERSON, room 412, Parrott building.
COATMAKER for country. Apply REISS
BROS. & CO.. 24 Sutter st.
DISHWASHER wanted at the Magnolia Cafe.
4 East st.
WANTED— A first-class coatmaker at room
1001. Palace Hotel.
ONE painter and one paper hanger. 252 Fifth
Ptreet. '
WANTED— Young man dishwasher. 1390 Third
street.
A GIRL, for light housework; good home. Ap-
ply 3CO7 Sixteenth St.. above Mission.
RELIABLE woman wishes to go by the day
washing, cleaning or any kind of work. Ap-
ply at 31 Fulton st.
YOUNG girl to assist with general housework
and child. 1510 Pine st.
GOOD respectable woman (American) needs
work very badly; can do any kind; g-ood
house-cleaner; would go by the day; $1 day
and car fare. 7S Third St., room 10.
SECOND girl for upstairs work. 1562 Post
St., near Laguna.
GOOD strong t woman for general housework
at once. 150 Hancock st., near Noe. .
FIRST-CLASS German cook and helper wants
place together In hotel, restaurant or board-
Ing house; first-class references. 242 Natoma
St., basement.
WANTED — Steady man; light, genteel work;
will pay $15 to $18 per week; small capital re-
quired. 1016 Market St.. room 10.
WANTED — By a large wholesale house, an
offlce boy about 16 years old; must have wood
reference and reside in this city with parents.
Address In own handwriting box 2276, Call.
BARBERS' ProgressU'e Union— Free employ-
ment. H. Bernard, Sec, 104 7th; tel. Jessie 152.
COMPETENT middle-aged German woman,
good cook and bread maker, wishes a position
In a small family; city or country. 746
Mission st.
FIRST-CLASS finishers and talloress on ladles'
tailor suits. A. KAHN, 142 Geary st.
FIRST-CLASS finisher on coats; also appren-
tice: steady work. Call WM. T. VALEN-
TINE. 354 Geary St.
A COMPETENT, neat girl for general house-
work; good cook; references required; wages,
$25. Call 1710 Everett st_, Alameda, broad
gauge, Park-st. station.
EMPLOYMENT WANTED FEMALE.
L__
RESPECTABLE young girl wishes position In
offlce or as cashier; understands Smith-
Premier typewriter; will use own machine If
necefcsary; small wages to etart; best of ref-
erences. 1729V4 Mission st.
NUKSEGIRL, 1 child 3 years old. $25; nurse.
Infant. $25, see party here 10 o'clock; cook and
second girl, same house, $30 and $25: 6 second
girls, $25 and $20; laundress, $25; chamber-
maid, hotel,- $20. MRS. NORTON, 313 Sutter.
CHINESE and Japanese* Employment Office-
Best help. 41U4 O'Farrell st.; tel. East 426.
JAPANESE and Chinese Employment Offlce
best help furn. Tel. John 2121. SOCH Stockton.
ORPHEUM Employment Offlce— Japanese. Chi-
nese help. 426 Powell, nr.Sutter; tel. Black 5072.
UNION Japanese-Chinese emp. office— Best help
furn.; domestic serv. 417 Powell; tel. Bush 376.
A— WANTED
2 winery hands. $30 and board; laundryman
for Institution. $35 and fd.; milker, city, $35;
second hand on cakes, $30 and room; Iron-
mclder, $3 a day; gardener, country. $25;
milker and make butter. $30; cook, institution,
$10; slaughterer sheep and hogs, $35 and fd.;
cSoreman, $15; saloon porter. J25 and board.
W. D. EWER & CO.. 610 Clay st.
COACHMAN, $30 and found; 3 men and wives
for private families, $35, $45 and $50; old man
to care for country place, $5 and found:
wagon- maker. $3 50 day; 10 swampers, $35 and
board, part fare advanced; miner. $2 50 day;
laborers for mine, $1 day and board: teamsters
for country, $1 50 day and board; bench hands:
carpenters for city and country. $3 to $3 CO
day and many others. J. F. CROSETT &
CO., 623 Sacramento st.
COOK, country hotel, $63; cook, country board-
lng-hcuse. $10 and found; hotel second cook,
$30; 3 hotel waiters, $30 and $25; dishwashers,
restaurant cooks and others. J. F. CROSETT
& CO., €28 Sacramento st.
JAPANESE Housecjeaninsr Co.— Walters, cook?,
dishwashers: «?st. 1S90. 1C26 Oak: tel. Page 547.
RELIABLE Japanese-Chinese employment of-
fice; all kinds help. 315 Stockton: Main 51SS.
EMPLOYMENT OFFICES.
A— JAPANESE and Chinese employment con-
tractor; estab. over 10 years: all kinds help.
421 Post St.. near Powell; Telephone Bush 133.
ARITHMETIC, bookkeeping, grammar, writing,
etc.. day or eve.: $5 mo. 1024 Mission, nr. 6th.
WANTED— Lady's maid and seamstress, $25;
2nd girl and seamstress, $30; 2nd girl and
nurse, $25; 2nd girl, country, $25; laundress,
$30;. two cooks, boarding houses. $30 and $35;
two cooks for men, $25 and $30: two pantry
girls, $20 and $25: 6 waitresses, country ho-
tels and restaurants, $6 a week. $20 and $25
per month: German nurse, $25; French cook,
2 In family, $30; Scandinavian girl, general
housework, 2 in family, $30; cook and 2nd girl,
same house. $30 and $20: 40 girls for house-
work, $25. See J. F. CROSETT & CO., 316
Sutter st.
C. R. HANSEN & CO PHONE GRANT 185
HOTEL DEPARTMENT
S waitresses, different country hotels, $20; 4
waitresses, city, $20, and $6 and $7; 3 cham-
bermaids to wait, country, $20, fares paid;
chambermaid to wait, city, $20; woman cook,
$.30, and many others.
FAMILY DEPARTMENT
2 persons desiring good steady places In small
American family in Berkeley as cook and sec-
ond. $30 and $20, call early; cook for* small
family, short distance In country, $30; ranch
cook, $25; housegirl for small American fam-
ily. Belvedere, see party here at 11 o'clock,
$25; others. C. R. HANSEN & CO.. 104 Geary.
MUNSON School Shorthand. Typing. Bookkeep-
ing, Spanish. 137 Mont'y. E. M. Carpenter, pr.
CALIFORNIA Business College is again en-
larging quarters. Come see us, 305 Larkin st.
FRENCH. Spanish, etc. Prof. DeFilippe's Academy
of LRnguages..320Post:estab'd lS71;ablest profs.
ILLUSTRATION— PARTINGTON'S Day and
ILLUSTRATION— Night Class. 424 Pine St.
ENGINEERING, civil, elec., mining, mech. sur-
vey, assay, cyanide, arch.; day, eve.; est. 1S64.
VAN DER NAILLEN SCHOOL. 333 Market.
MISS M. G. BARRETT. Shorthand Academy;
lessons by mail; acknowledged by official re-
porters best teacher, best system. 302 Montgy.
ALL students but two taking full course this
>*&r got positions. SAN FRANCISCO BUSI-
NESS COLLEGE. 1236 Market st.
CALIFORNIA Medical College— Regular term
opens Monday, Oct. 1. For information ad-
dress the dean. Dr. D. Maclean. Donohoe Vdg.
W. E. CODY (late with J. T. Terry & Co.), buys
furniture. carDets. 757 Mission: tel. Red 3353.
ALFRED WOLLPERT. 778 Mission et., pays
highest price for your second-hand furniture.
Auctioneer— L.Vincent. 1305 Larkin; tel.Polk 694;
furniture & furn'd houses bought; spot cash.
ALWAYS 'phone John 1041 before selling your
furniture. Standard Furn. Co., 745 Mission.
, FURNITURE WANTED.
CHAS. LEVY buys your furniture, carpets,
pianos, etc. 1135 Market St.; tel. Jessie 761.
FUIIXITUHE FOR SALE.
4 ROOMS furnished in oak for $48 50, with No. 7
range. King Furniture Co.. 1127-1131 Market.
FLAT;, TO LET — FL'KMSHEIJ.
FELL, 111— Four nicely furnished rooms; bath;
sunny yard. .
413 STEVENSON, , near Fifth— Upper flat 5
I rooms; rent $13: water free.
IF you want to move get printed list flats to let
from BALDWIN & HOWELL, 10 Montgomery.
NATOMA, 716. bet. Eighth and Ninth— Flat of
4 rooms, bath; bay window; $12.
SS7& HAYES— Flat of 3 rooms; bath and yard
new plumbing; rent $8.
BOOKKEEPING, free trial; private lessons; 8
mos. in college not equal to 8 wks. with me;
$25. TARR, expert accnt.. 220 Parrott bldg.
SPANISH classes day and evening. 305 Larkin
St.. cor. McAllister; four lessons a week. $3 a
month: also private. PROF. F.M.VIZCAINO.
SPANISH professors, recently arrived from
South America, give lessons and receive all
wcrk concerning translation, correspondence,
etc., at moderate terms. 30S Minna st.
A— THE LYCEUM, an accredited preparatory
school for the university, law and medical
colleges: references, President Jordan or any
Stanford professor. Phelan building.
NIGHT School for Men at the Y. M. C. A.
building. Mascn and Ellis sts. : registration.
Sept. 10-24; studies elementary and advanced;
great opportunity for young men to gain a
practical business education.
% FLATS TO LET.
100 FLATS, cottages and. houses to rent.
1198 Ellis: n. f.. 9 r..$65 917 Vallejo; f.. 4 r...$10
219U Polk; f., 7 r 27 631 Jersey; c, 5 r.... 11
725 Hyde; f., 8 r.. 22 50 1424 Howard; f., 4 r. 10
2154 Elm ave.;f.. 5 r 15 E04 Buchanan: f., 4 r 3
Flats wanted to rent. A. M. SPECK & CO.,
667 Market st. - .
WANTHD— $20,000 at 7 per cent of first mort-
gage. Box 2223, Call office.
FINANCIAL.
IF you have stocks or bonds of any kind for
sale call or address PACIFIC COAST UN-
DERWRITING CO., 604 Parrott building.
GALLAGHER-MARSH College, Parrott Bldg.—
Shorthand, typing and bookkeeping; Robert F.
Gallagher, exp"ert court reporter, teacher of
shorthand; reportorial phrasing taught: prac-.
tical bookkeeping: full course, $50; catalogue.
HEALD'S BUSINESS COLLEGE,, 24 Post st..
S. F. — Bookkeeping, shorthand, typing, lan-
guages, telegraphy, English branches, civil,
electrical and mining engineering, etc.; day
and night sessions; new 80- page catalogue free.
AYRES' Business College. 723 Market St.; day
and evening; Individual instruction. .$S per
month; life scholarship, $50; bookkeeping,
Ehorthand. telegraphy, etc. : Just added 25 new
typewriters; commercial department enlarged
and is the best in S. F. ; catalogue free.
EDUCATIONAL
A— NURSE for a country Institution. $30 and
found; call early; nice place. C. R. HANSEN
& CO.. 104 Geary st.
Pastry cook, no bread; baker and pastry
cook, hotel: cook, country hotel, $65, fare
paid; cook, country hotel, $60; 3 second cooks,
$40 arid $50: broiler, country • hotel, $50; cook
for train, railroad service. $90; railroad camp
cook, $60; pot washer, $25; pastry man and
assist waiting, for hotel, Nevada, $40; cook
and dishwasher, country hotel, $40 and $20:
4 hotel waiters, country, $30 and '$25: 10 dish-
washers and kitchen hands. $30 and $23. C.
R. HANSEN & CO., 104 Geary st.
AT C. R. HANSEN & CO 104 Geary st.
Free fare R. R. work Free fare
100 teamsters and laborers. State of Nevada,
$2 a day
100 laborers for S. P. Co., on different dlvl-.
¦ slcns, regular wages
100 laborers for rock crusher and ballasting
gang for S. P. Co. at Truckee, regular wages.
Fee $1 Ship dally Free fare
6 carpenters • for railroad work. $3 a day, free
fare; 6 steel bridge men, $3 50 a day, free
faro: S laborers for a dam, $2 50 a day, half
fare advanced; 6 swampers and road makers
for the woods. $35 and board and half fare
advanced; 10 laborers, near city, $2 25 a day;
2 farmers. Contra Costa County, $22 50 and $2R
and board: blacksmith, country shop. $40 and
found; coachman, $30 »
HOTEL DEPARTMENT
A— CHOREMAN and wife, institution.. $37 50 fd
Laundryman, institution $25 and found
Uutchers for different country shops, slaugh-
ter houses, etc .'
43 cooks for the mines, hotels, restaurants,
etc.; also night and short order cooks, waijes
' $40 to $60 and found: dishwashers and kitchen
help, btorekeeper, washers and laundry help,
waiters, cltivand country, ranch cooks; cook
and wife, country hotel, $50 and found; bakers
and second hand bakers. $30 and $40 and found.
MURRAY &. READY, 634-636 Clay Bt.
$30 and $35 and found
I- arm and orchard hands:... Choreboys, etc.
Stenographer and typewriter
Driver delivery wagon $30 and found
MURRAY &. READY. 634-636 Clay st.
A-MECHANICAL HELP
12 carpenters, different ranches, vineyards,
factories, etc $40 and fd, $2 SO to $3 50 day
Bridge and R, R. carpenters Free fare
Steel bridge men $3 50 day. free fare
Camp and ranch blacksmiths, also helpers....
Harnessmaker
Boys to learn machinist and other trades
10 lumber pliers, north * 60
8 teamsters, same bean ranch.... $1 20 day fd
150 laborers and teamsters, all parts of coun-
try and city $1 75 to $2 25 day
10 miners $60 *and $75
Laborers for the mines $34 and found
20 scraper teamsters $40 and found
Stablemen Buggy washers Hostlers
Drillers Brick setters ..Wheelers
Laborers, city factories $1 75 day
Vegetable gardener Tanner
Boatmen Deckhands .Beef luggers
GRAPE PICKERS— FARMS AND DAIRIES
100 men and boys to pick fruit and grapes,
work, in packing houses $30 and found
10 ranch teamsters J26 to $32 50 and found
Milkers, butter makers, etc
EXPERT OPTICIANS.
BYES examined free; spectacles properly ad-
Justed. N. Manasse, oculist optician. 910 Mkt.
S. F. Dressmaking, Ladies' Tailoring and Mil-
linery School: French system. 411 Van Ness.
DRESSMAKERS AM) SEAMSTRESSES
ACCORDION pleating: factory; all kinds pleat-
lng. pinking. 121 Post, overO'Connor&Moffatt.-
McDowell Dressmaking and Millinery School;
private class; patterns cut. 1019 Market, st.
DR. Creely's C. P. mange cure and worm pills,
by druggists or at hospital. 510 Golden Gate av.
DR. BUZARD'S Dog Hospital. Post. Fillmore—
Advice and medicine, 75c; city visits, $1 50; all
animals treated; dogs boarded. Tel. West 638.
BAJV FRANCISCO CALL.
T5CEINEE5 OFFICE of The Ban Francisco
Cn:i. corner of Market and Third streets, open
trill 12 o'clock even* uicht la the year.
r.RANCH OFFICES-£27 Montgomery street,
«-rrner Clay; open until 9:30 p. m.
TOO Jir.ypf ftreet; cpen until 9:30 p. ra.
fp» McAllister etreet: cpen until 9:30 p. a.
i'.Z Larkin Etreet; cpen until 9:30 p. m.
3M1 Mission street; open until 10 p. m.
• trei Market street, corner Sixteenth; open
v:.t!l S p. ta.
Vt Eleventh etreet: cpen until 9 p. m.
. 3CSC Valencia street: cpen until 9 p. m.
. . Northwest comer Twenty -second and Ken-
tucky Flrwts; cprn until 9 p-X"-
MEETING NOTICES.
EXCCBSXOSt STEAMER
ZEALANDIA VVS£^
Pr'ls from Pacinc-st. wharf * ff_ 4
¦ iCr Honolulu. via Hilo. VfTT?\T
THUIiSDAY. October 11. at /^^jA
:2 m. For accemmodat lone ap- [if \\ :
. i>?y 127 Parrott building. VI //
II. P. HURLIU.'T. Potentate. Nw +'
Trl. EoutB C4S.
ZfXSSIOSt CHAPTER NO. 79. R. A. M. ¦
- Ftated meeting THIS (THURSDAY)
. EVENING. 7:20 o'clock. Minion Ma- 1IX I
— T.c Temple, TWS Mission Ft.: busl-' V A
ners. P. M. and M. K. M degree*. By order
.if tiie EX. P. JNO. R. HILLMAX. Sec.
CALIFORNIA LODGE NO. 1. F. and *
.. A. M.. will meet THIS (THURSDAY* _£\-
::. CNING. Oetober 4. at 7:30 .¦•-!¦<!•:. /ZLj\
seated m»ftin?r. By order /if the Mas-'"' j
tn. Fl'.ANKLIN H/DAY. Secretary.
FIDELITY LODGE- NO. tt& F. and A. ft
M.-«tated meeting THIS <THURS-Jp»
HAY) EVENING at 7:3u o'clock. ByT^yf !
: 'order of ii-.e W. M. ' "*» »
FREDKHICK BARRY. Secretary.
•SOUTH SAN FIiAN<-I>t.'O LODGE NO. JB '
•:\z. 7'. A. M.— Stated meeting '
riU< .THURSDAY* UVKNING at liZf TL2\ j
o- clock. E. C. TiAIlE. Secretary- " • :
Jxmi'- LODGK NO. :'1€. F. ar.d A. M. fl
—Stated meeting THIS (THURSDAY) _*V. I
EVENING at 7:!M oVl k. r»v < rdrr of TZjfZ .
:'!¦¦«• Ma?r .--r. J. It. GOLDSMITH. Sec /^r^ ]
IVfSTRRN ADDITION LODGE ,*¦$*,«£/•.*.
NO. SS. I. O. <"> F.. wi!1 hr.ve In- §§??£&
itiation on THURSDAY EVEN- =52N«$?a?
ING. Oct. 4. ISM. Member? of " 7 '" 1 '-
the order are cordially Invited to attend.
WV. J. WISLER. N. G.
WM. J-\ LEE. F:n. Sec.
NOTICE to Retail Liquor Dealers— All those j
ongnged in the retail trade are isvited to be
• jr. Kent at a meeting to be held at B'nal '
'Vrltb Hall. EJdy ft., near Maton, on FR.I- j
DAT AJTKRNOOX. October S. at 3 o'clock)
Permanent nfl.-crs w!ll be elected and
ether important matters discussed.
E. L. WAGNER. Chairman rro t*m.
WILLIAM CLACK, Secretary pro tern.
THE California Debris Commission, having re-
ceivel applications to mine by the hydraulic
procefs ir^xn the D«*wey Consolidated Gravel
• Minins Company, in the Homeward Bound, I
Ercslnc Star ar.d Morning Light mine*, near j
Iowa Hill, Placer County, to deposit tailings j
In Indian Carsycn: from Mary E. Ruth et als.. j
in the Backer* mine, near North Safl Juan, ;
Nevada County, to deposit tailir.es in a !
vc:ke<!-out pit; from th» Ralston Divide Gold j
I.Tintr^ Company, in the Pat Goggins and I
Hlaoksmith Flat mines, near Vlrner. Placer j
County, to deposit tailings in Lor,& Canyon: I
from Nathan Gardiner, in the Sidney, placer j
n-.in.e. n«>ar Ipn. Shasta County, to deposit I
tailings in Sidney Gulch, and from A. W. ]
V.'hitney ar.d C. Y. Hepler. in the Miocene
mine, near Crescent Mills. Plumae County,
to deposit takings !n Rush Creek, gives notice
that a tr.eetinz will be held at room £9. |
Flood buildlre. San Francisco. Cal., cn Oc- 1
trber IS. 1900. at 1:211 p. ra. j
STOCKHOLDERS* MEETING — Pursuant to |
resolution of the b^ard of directors, a meet-
ing of the stockholders of The Sime Company
will be held at the principal place of busings
cf paid fimpany. vtx.. rooms 3C-J7 of the Sth |
floor. Mills buiMinc. San Francisco, Cal.. on j
MEIINKSHAT. the 21st day of October. 19no. j
at l:3v o'cloclc p. m. The object of the meet- ;
Jng is to diminish the capital stock to J2500. I
or I2 1 * cents per share, and to transact such
•^tber business as may come before the meet-
ing. ALBERT C. AIKEN. President. ;
Dared Aut-ua '2Z. IS"V).
ETOCKHOLDEBff MEKTING-Notice is hereby
Kiven that the annual meeting of the stock-
holders of THE BANK OF CALIFORNIA
will l>e held at the banking hrmee In this city '
or. TUHSDAT. Ortr.ber 9. 1900. at 11 o'clock 1
a. xn. By order of the Board of Directors.
ALLEN M. CLAY. Secretary.
ACEXTS WANTED.
AGENTS — Do you want eomethlnir mere proflt-
riUe and T.str r tn fell than- books or insur-
ance? Add. F. PERSON, r. tVi, Parrott bids.
AGENTS of ability and exr-erience In life insur-
ance. Call at room 101. P97 Market, cor Sixth.
"WE handle pewost novelties for agents. PA-
CIFIC AGENTS' SUPPLY CO.. 2461 ISth St.
AM'IIALTIM ROOFI.NG.
J. PELTIER, asphalt roofing, sidewalks; cellar
flonrs laM. repaired; pnstal. 11M Mission Bt.
ASTROLOGY.
UME. MICKEY] astroloeist: card reading and
; almlstry, iic; horoscopes 'cast. 1933 Mission.
I>R. C. T. TAYLOR. BCienMfic astrologer, com-
putps horoscopes by Ptolemy method. 765 Mkl
ATTOKXEVS AT LAW.
R. W. KING, attorney at law. 971 Market st.,
room 627; estates, damasres, attachments,
l.anknJptry, collections; all oases; fair fees;
ro advance charges; money leaned on estates"
ADVICE free: divorce law a Ri^clalty; private;
no fee without success; collections. G. \V.
HOWE, any at law. 850 Market, cor. Stockton.
FREE advice: divorce laws, damages, estates.
oollections. J. A. Mitchell. 314 Montgomery.
ADVICE free; no charge unl«s successful. W.
V. Davidson. SC7 Market St.. opp. Mason.
L,. S. CLARK. Emma Ppreckels bldg.. 9^7 Mar-
ket Ft.; consultation free; no fee* in .advance.
XIATII CAIIIXETS.
ROBINSON $5, 4-j nn"l folding; door opens; firm
and safe. \V. S. fc'ROWN. gen, agt.. 4*6 Ellis.
¦ HO.V i: III \<i FOR CHILDREN.
GERMAN family wants 1 or J children to
board. Address 2129 Alice st.. Lorln.
«1>I.M>>) CIIA.NCKS.
A— J400; RESTAURANT and oyster bouse;
close to Hall of Justice; daily tecelpts $30;
'owner must s^H oc take good partner, cause
rlcknesg. Pee R. G. WILKIE. I«'^ Kearny.
A— *.'«; HUTCH EH shop, with horse and cart,
in tv«t location of West-m Addition; place
established for years and doing a first-class
business; a splendid chance for any man.
• G»JJ H. G. WILKE. 26>i Kearny st.
A-W*: UUTCHE1J shop on Valencia et. ;
monthly receipts a»>out $1200; selling 4 cattle
j«er w«-ek; law rent; good business. Call It.
• G. WILKE. IC. Kearny »t.
A-$300; STATIONERY, notions and branch
bakery: 5 living rooms; cheap rent and a
good paying business. Call R. G. WILKE.
; iM Kearny M.
•A-1100; RESTAURANT on Valencia St.; rent
fla. or with 7 furnished rooms. J7C0: rent $45
, for all; good jli.ee; death of child cause of
.tuning: a bargain. See It G. WILKE. 26}j
Keamy et.
A — SCiO ; RESTAURANT. 5 Blocks north of
Chronicle building; firs\-ela*s prices; rent
$3.'; owner wishes to sell on account of other
bUFiness t-ntagemonts. Call R. G. WILKE.
. IC'i Kearny st.
A— S1400; SALOON established many years;
• half a block north of Mason and Market;
• rent J7J; a first-class, paying place; partners
can't aa-r^e cause of rale. See R. G. WILKE
ICH Ketrny st.
A— J1100: CORNER grocery and bar: choicest
.location In the Mission : rent J35; 4 living
rooms; place ertaMished years; owner, a
widow, wants to retire. Call R. G. WILKE*
'.!6Vi ICeamy st.
•A— CIGAR otore; Tin- location: for half lt»
v*!ue; must «•:!. COWING & CO.. 713 Mkt.
A— GREAT bargain: Cape Nora* mines; call
at one*. COWING & CO.. 71J Market st.
A— BUTCHER shop: flne location; must go to-
day: sickness. COWING A CO.. 71? Market.
A— HOTEL: best location; money maker; call
' at once. COWING & CO.. 719 Market st.
¦A— MILK ranch: city limits; established 15
. years; must pell. COWINO & CO.. 71S Market.
A— SAY. FISHER & CO., have you lodging"
hou'f-s? Ye?. What price? $200 up. any lo-
. ration desired; 12 rooms. $300; 10 rooms, JIM-
10 room«, r.cw, f?03. fine; 2') rooms, bargain'
57.V): 27 rms., $20<)0. Fnap; all Fizes. all prices'
all new bargains; call and fcee us. 1032 Market*
KOTJ honest hulcen propositions of all kindR
Or to sell your business quickly for cash call
Cn LANE £r CO.. SSi Market EC
J«60— 75-CHAirt restaurant:' feed SO to 100 at
- . *oos; everything new; half down, rest on easy
t*rms; ore month'* rent advanced; rent* for
S30: a bargain for restaurant mac; cause,
. . trlcknoss. CIO Fourth et.
WILL give hclf of first month's wages to party
.. securing me a poritlon at pome kind cf night
. work; net over 8 hours at $50 per month.
Box 2244, Call.
firw— GROCERY cr.d fruit store; good-paying
business: south of Market; good location:
present owner, there 8 years, ¦wishes to sell
»n account of other business. Box 227S, Call.
VALUABLE Canadian patent of Interest to
foundrymen. Box 2!41. Call. • . '
WILL sell half interest in bicycle tire that
• positively will not puncture. Call Thursday,
iasij Fell «c
-
DUSIXESS CHAXCES— COyriNPEI*^
$550— SALOON; best location In South 8. F-:
good paying business; 4 nice living rooms;
moderate rent. M. LESS & CO., 765 Market.
A— $D00; CORNER grocery and bar; south of
Market: old established; 4 living rms.; cheap
rent; old age cause sale. M. LESS. 765 Mkt.
$1000— CORNER saloon and lunch house; down-
town; magnificently fitted up; large, first-
class stock; paying. LESS & CO.. 765 Market.
$1050— DELICACY store near Market St.: living
rooms; clears $1SO to $200 per month. M.
LESS & CO., 7K» Market et.
$500— Barber shop, cigar & Jewelry store com-
bined. Add. E. E. Simonds. Boulder Creek.
DELICACY store cheap; must sell on account
, of sickness. Apply 540 Turk ct.
«3W— MEAT market: good location; steady
t ra d e. AddresS box 2036. Call office. Oakland.
FOR sale— Notions, laundry and cigars and va-
rieties. 507 Third st.
PLUMBING shop, stock, shop tools, horee and
wagon for sale; in good location. Address
box 44C1. Call office.
DIKERt- 1101 Howard St.; store and 2 rooms;
bake oven, with large basement; rent cheap.
CORNER rroccry and bar will be sold cheap;
living rooms. 1363 Folsom Et.
COFFEE and tea routes supplied from GEO.
W. CASWELL & CO.. 412 Sacramento st.
LODGi:*G-HOUSES FOR SALE.
14 ROOMS: only.... $400 1 15 rooms; corner JS50
20 rooms; clears $100 600 26 rooms; corner 1700
7-room flat 100 30 rooms; good 1630'
21 rooms; new 110<i 36 rooms; clears $150.1000
15 rooms- clears $100 S0e'r>6 rooms;, new 2800!
9 rooms; -see this... C0UJ32 rooms; corner.... 10CO
S rooms- flat 400 S rooms; bargain... 300
12 rooms: good 400'104 rooms 4500
DON'T FAIL TO CALL. I CAN SUIT.
House for Cash Payments or Exchange.
IT. C. DECKEIt. 1020 Market. Phone Mint 796.
0 ROOMS: Jones St.; $250; a Knap.
1« rooms: Golden Gate: $300: elegant furniture.
IS rooms- Geary St.; $7M>: clears $100 month.
22 rooms: Market St.; JSOO; genuine bargain.
All prices and we can suit everybody. Call
and Irspect our lists. Now is the time to buy.
EMERY. & SMITH. 3 Eddy St.. cor. Market.
A SPECIAL INDUCEMENT. CALL, ON
KKEDO & DUTTON, 36 Geary st.
$700 cash for CO rooms; new; Installments.
$300 for 14 rooms; Geary; J35 profit.
$450 only for 14 rooms; Post; worth $900.
LODGING-HOUSE buyers attention— Houses at
reduced prices; genuine bargains; sizes and
location to suit; money loaned. SCHWEIN-
HARD & CO.. S17 Market St., between Fifth
and Sixth; uhone 1911. ;
U. GRIFFIN. 719 Market st.. room 1.
S3 rooms; Income $2J0 monthly $2000
21 rooms; corner; ell front; a bargain.... 1200
13 rooms. 9 furnished: u blks N. Market.. 325
ICO houses for sale; list free; please call.
A— 22-ROOM rooming house; central $1000
20-room house; first-class lOufl
11-rocm house; $475; C-room flat 325
FISHER & CO.. 1032 Market st.
FURNISHED house. 10 rooms; all rented: good
location; rent cheap. 12SH Ninth; no agents.
FOR sale— Lodging-house: 21 rooms; all light.
109 Jeffie St.. corner Second.
CARMACP8 AND WAGONS.
ALL kindsof wagons, buggies, carts, harness,
etc., cheap. EGAN & SON. 2117 Mission st
AN A No. 1 express wagon, single, also light
camping wagon, for sale cheap. £32 Mission.
NEW & 2d-hand wagons, buggies, carts & har-
ness, wcrk & driving horses. 15th & Valencia, j
SPONGES and chamois our specialty. AMER-
ICAN SPONGE CO.. 150 New Montgomery st.
SPIRITUALISM.
ARRIVED— Mrs. Dr. Farnham. world-renowned
spiritual medium: advice in all affairs of life,
lawsuits, divorces deaths; unites the sepa-
rated; mlningaspecialty; cirs.Sun.,Wed.,Fri.
ev's; ccme and be convinced. (Permanently)
Hi Eddy st., bet. Hyde and Larkin; no sign.
SPIRITUAL meeting to-night S p. m.; convinc-
ing test. MRS. MAXWELL. 123S Howard St.;
readings dally.
MME. YOUNG, C&5 McAllister 55.— Convincing
demonstration of spirit return to-night; 10c.
MEDIUM and palmist, reading 25c this week;
Fctlsfactlon guaranteed. 1239 Market St., r. 5.
MRS. LESTER-Circles Sun.. Tues., Frl. eve.,
K>c: readings daily. 200 Turk st^
MISS SOPHIA SEIP— Sun. at 8 and daily read-
Ings. Sth & Mkt. ets.. Oakland. People's Hall.
PROF. GEE. medium; test circle every night,
10c; read. $1; ladies 50c. 14S 6th, Brunswick.
MME. MAJORS. glfter spiritual medium,
healer and card reader. 132 Sixth St.. room 1.
FRIENDSHIP Hall. 335 McAllister— Mrs. C. J.
Meyer, elt. daily; convinc'g tests to-night. 10c.
MRS. J. J WHITNEY., clairvoyant, test, busl-
ness medium. life reader: sittings $1. 1104 Mkt.
CLAIRVOYANTS.
MME. LANGE. the great clairvoyant, tells past,
future; never fails; has the g»eatest Egyptian
secret; shows picture future husband or wife;
fee 25c and up; satisfaction to everybody; open
Sundays. 1167 Market 6t.. bet. 7th and 8th.
MME. PORTEU, wonderful clairvoyant & card
reader, born with double veil & second sight,
diagnoses disease with life reading: ladles 50c;
gent $1: palm. & clalr. «lt. $1 50. 126 Turk Bt.
MRS. E. PANDERS, 514 Taylor St., near Geary
—Clairvoyant, palmist and business medium;
ladles' circles Thurs.. 2 p. m. ; Frl., S; cir. 25c.
ISMAR the Egyptian gypsy clairvoyant and
palmist, permanently located' 1118 Market, opp.
6th; private readings dally 10 a. m. to 5 p. m.
MME. BERNARD-' reads life fluently; advice
given in all affairs In life; satisfaction guar-
anteed: 25c up. 17 Third Et.. next Examiner.
MME. HANSON, palmistry, card reader: past,
present, future, 25c. 14S Sixth st, room 14.
MRS. E. M. DUVALL. clairvoyant and healer,
diagnoses diseases. 425 Golden Gate ave.
CLAIRVOYANT, trance, business medium, card
reader, 25c up. 823 Mission st., nr. 4th; no sign.
MRS. MELVILLE, well-known clairvoyant, wa-
ter reader, moved to 11 Sixth; German spoken.
MME. ZEHEDA. the gypsy, is the great palm-
Ift and card reader; 25c. 7 Seventh: no Elgn.
"CONSULT WATSON," 1581 Market St., nr.
12th: "famous medium, palmist"; 25c and 50c.
MME. SCHAFFER. clairvoyant, card reader;
fittings dally. 212H Sixth st.
MME. AUGUST, clairvoyant, card reader and
palmistry; truth or no pay; 25c. 1149 Mission.
MME. RAVENNA reads life fluently: business
advice; names given; 25c up. 5 Fourth st.
CARPET BEATING AXD CLEAM.fG.
WHEN you become disgusted wfth poor work
eend to SPAULDING'S Pioneer Carpet-Beat-
ing Works. 253-357 Tehama Bt. ; tel. South 40.
J. E. MITCH ELI.. Carpet-Beating and Reno-
vating Co., 240 Fourteenth St.; tel. Mission 74.
CITY Steam Carpet-Beating Works, G. II.
STEVENS, mgr., 3S-40 Sth st ; tel. South 250.
CARPETS cleaned at 3c per yard, laid at 4c.
STItATTONS, 3 Eighth st.; tel. Jessie 944.
ADVANCE Carpet Cleaning Co.. 402 Sutter 6t.;
tel. Main" 294. GEO. WALCOM. proprietor.
CONICLIN'S Carpet-Beating Works, 333 Golden
Gate ave.: telephone East 12G.
CHIROPODISTS.
BUNIONS, ingrown nails, corns, absolute cure,
painless; consult' n free. Dr.Duncan.415 Sutter.
' COLLECTION OFFICES.
GEORGE W. KELLY'S Agency— No charee un-
le»s successful. Room 818, 827 Market tt.
DEATISTS.
AT~the ELECTRO-DENTAL CLINIcTlKi'Mar^
ket st., cor. 4th., rm. 7, Flood bldg., you can
have your extractions done painlessly; teeth
without plates our specialty; gold crowns,
$3 &0 up; plates, extractions free, $4 60 up; of-
fica hours. 9 a. m. to 10 p. m. ; Sundays, 9 to 2
p. m. G. W. WILLIAMSON, M. P./ Manager.
EIGHT prizes for best crowns, plates, bridges
and fillings; extractions or fillings by my won-
derful secret, painless method; 20 years' ex-
perience; no students; advice free; prices
cheapest and guaranteed; lady attendants.
,DH. GEORGE W. LEEK, 20 O'Farrell et.
A NEW plate, the unbreakable Rose Pearl,
warranted for 20 years; crowns and bridge-
work teeth *w1thout a plate; fillings, 60c.
crowns, $3 f0; plates, full net, $5 00; all work
painless and warranted. Chicago Dental Par-
lors, 24 Sixth st
"MAIN Office" New York Dental Parlors, 10I9
Market «t.. bet. Sixth and Seventh. Consult
us on crowns and bridges. Teeth extracted
positively and absolutely without pain.
TEETH extracted free; plates. $5; crowns, $3 50;
bridro work. $5: all the latest methods for
pa.lnle*s dentistry: hours, 9 a. m. to 9 p. m.
Modern Dental Parlors, 1206 Market, cor_ G. G.
DH. LUDLUM HILL, 144J Market, nr. Eleventh
—No charge for extracting when plates are
made: old plates made over like new; teeth
from $8 per set: extracting. 50c; gas given.
DR. WALSH. 815% Geary, nr. Larkin— Painless
extraction 50c; plates $3 up; Tel. Polk 1135.
I/)W*EST prices in S. F.; painless extraction,
COc. New York Dentists, 969 Mission, cor. Cth.
PARIS Dental Parlor, 235 Kearny. cor. Bush—
Full Pet of teeth. $4; crowns. $3; fillings. 25c
VAN VROOM— ""Painless"; evenings and Sun-
days. 1001 Market st., corner Sixth:
SET of teeth without plate. DR. H. G.
YOUNG. 1S41 Polk St. .
HELP WAKTED— MALE.
A— MURRAY & READY.... PHONE MAIN 6848
..Leading Employment and Labor Agents..
..WANT lAT 7 A. M. TO-DAY
FREE. .WE. .SHIP .. EVERYBODY.. FREE
..To all parts of California, Utah. Nevada..
NUMBER. WANTED AT. WAGES.
154— Nevada, Truckee. Lake • View.. 41 and-fd
16— Los Angeles. Santa Barbara $2 day
24— Redding, Shasta, Fresno $190 day
113— Surf, Soda Springs, Salt Lake $2 day
64— Dixon. Elmlra and Bakersfleld...$l 70 day
163— For nineteen different divisions $2 day
FREE FARE OFFICE FEE ONLY $1
MURRAY & READY.
634-636 Clay St.
MRS. M. ALLEN. 1035 Market— Ladles' special-
ist: home in confinement; safe and reliable;
consultation free; hours 10 to 8.
MRS. DR. WTETH, reliable specialist: 23 yrs.'
practice: home In confinement; treatment at
.office, J5; any ailment; consultation free con-
fidential. 942 Post St., bet. Hyde and Larkin.
NO TOY KEE. Chinese doctor: cures consump-
tion, cancer, catarrh, etc.; all diseases treat-
ed; send for testimonials; advice free. Sani-
tarium, 704 Sacramento st., corner Kearny. •
DRS. GOODWIN, well-known ladles' specialists,
have returned from Europe; safe and reliable;
cure to; have treated thousands of cases with
success; 15 years' practice In S. F.; maternity
home: low fees. 1007',i Market St.. near Sixth.
DR. G. W. O'DONNELL, the world- renowned
ladies' specialist: safe and reliable; has prac-
ticed in San Francisco for years; treated thou-
sands of cases successfully; treatment can be
used at home; consultation free. After all
others fall call on him. 1C23VJ Market st.
MRS. DR. KOHL. 997 Market St.. cor. Sixth;
reliable ladles' specialist; home treatment, $5.
safe and sure cure guaranteed; ladles treated
at office can return home the same day; pri-
vate home before and during confinement;
best medical care; hours. 9 a. m. to 5 p. m.
DR. and MRS. DA VIES. 1223 Market— Ladles'
specialists; 32 years' practice; have treated
thousands of cases successfully; positive cure
guaranteed at ofllce: ladles treated can return
home same day; HIXDO HERB home cure.
any one can use it; perfectly harmless; home
for confinement. Send stamps for circular.
MEDICAL.
EMILY SEGSWORTH, assistant to Dr. A. B.
Wlllcox, scientific masseuse, room 40, St.
Ann's building:: hours. 9 a. m. to 12:30.
FOUND— Lady's watch in Union Square. Ap-
ply to man in charge*
LOST — Masonic keystone on Third cr Mission:
name J. E. PARMLEE on charm. Return
2668 Mission St.; liberal reward.
LOST— Gold watch with Initials J. H. at Cliff
House. Reward at 424 Franklin st.
LOST— Corner Polk and McAllister sts.. 3 hats.
Return to 406 McAllister; reward.
LOST— Oct. 1, commutation ticket marked W.
REMMERS. Return to ferry building.
VIOLIN strings; never wet; best In the world;
making and repairing of all kinds- of musical
instruments. Carl C. Anderson, 417 Geary st.
NICE upright piano cheap at DEWING'3.
Flood building.
BEAUTIFUL new $<00 upright. 3 pedals; will
sell for $150 or rent $2 50. 342 Kearny st.
BEAUTIFUL large upright piano. 3 pedals: sac-
rifice: leaving city. 324 Golden Gate ave.
A BARGAIN: must be soM: nice upright piano.
SCHMITZ. lfi McAllister st.. next Hib. r.ank.
BE in the swim; rent a new piano for $3 per
mor.th. SCQJT-CURTAZ CO.. 563 Hayes st.
AT KEEFFE'S, 523 Market St., 4 elegant up-
rights at your own price.
SOHMER & CO.. Byron Mauzy. Gabler. Speil-
man ar.d other pianos. 20S Post st.
\V. G. BADGER. 412 Sacramento st.. agent for
Francis Bacon and «allctt & Davis plano3.
SUPERIOR violins, zithers, old ar.fl new. H.
MULLER. maker, repairer. 2 Latham place.
REDUCTION .«a!e; new pianos: $", payments;
for rent. $2 up. EJIUENN. 208 Post s.t.
HIGH-GRADE pianos: Steck. KaTdman. Con-
over & others. W. B. ALLEN CO.. 311 Post.
SLAUGHTER sale of upright piaTrrrr for stor-
age: ?j0 up. Wilson Storage, 1710 Market st.
CHEAPEST and best in America— The Weekly
Call. 16 pages, sent to any address in tha
Untted Stales or Canada one year for $1,
postage paid.
OFFICES AND STORES TO LET.
LARGE store: fixtures In.: 4 rooms: In good re-
. tail district. NE. corner Clement and Third
ave. ; Sutro cars pass door.
LARGE elegant store and basement: 903 Valen-
cia st.. near 21st; business center; suitable
for any business.
BUSINESS corner; Union st.. cor. Morse, bet.
Larkin & Hyde; to be fitted to suit tenant.
CHEAPEST and best in America— The Weekly
Call. 16 pages, sent to any address In tha
Unite** States or Canada one year for $1.
PALMISTRY.
H. JEROME FOSSELLI. scientific palrnlstTTli
Taylor St.. bet. Geary and Post: tel. Black J61.
MME. NEERGAARD has removed to 700 Po«t;
hours 1 to 5 eve., and Sunday by appointment.
PEBSOXALj.
KENT— Communicate with II. DAVENPOUT.
1015 Market St.. S. F. BISHOP PON A PE.
B.— Come home or write; you will never regret.
ABSOLUTELY the oldest and largest hous->
west of Chicago Is KOHLER & CHASE'S. 9,
23 and 30 O'Farrell St.: pianos, organs anl
all other musical instruments of all grades
and prices: terms easy; prices lowest; every-
thing possible done to please and satisfy tha
customer.
A— PRINTED LIST Houses tr> Let; send for cir-
cular. G. H. UMBSEN & CO.. 14 Montgomery.
HOUSES TO LET.
SORREL? mare; good traveler: must sell:
cheap. Apply HIS Howard st.
10 HEAD of driving and working horses at
TOMKIXSON'S Stables, 57 Minna St.. be-
tween First and Second.
40 HORSES for sale; also wagons, buggies,
carts, harness. Grand Arcade Horse Market,
327 Sixth st.; auction sales every Wednesday.
SULLIVAN & DOYLE. Auctioneers.
HORSES, LIVK STOCK. Htt- For Snle
HEMORRHOIDS
PILES — 300 cures business men-. In San Fran-
ctsco; can be seen; no operation; no pain: par-
ticulars sent. Ad. Physician, box 1930. Call.
A BRANCH offlce for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1C94
Valencia st. , "
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch offlce, 2200 Fillmore st.
WINCHESTER House. 44 Third St., near Mar-
ket: 700 rooms, 25c night: reading-room: frea
'bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
MEN and women to learn barber trade. 3. F.
BARBER COLLEGE. 741A Howard st.
A RELIABLE piano can be bought only from
a reliable house. The ZENO MAUVAIS MU-
SIC CO. is such a house. Their address 13
763 Market st.
NO matter what 70U want In the line of mu-
sical goods, you can always do best at MAU-
VAIS 1 . 763 Market St.
DON'T fail to see the beautiful Decker & Son
baby grands Just received at MAUVAIS". 7*>3
Market st. They are the best ever shown in,
the citv.
ALL purchasers of pianos at SHERMAN
CLAY & CO.'S have the privilege of ex-
changing for a STEINWAY any time within
three years and full purchase price allowed;
the best makers of every grade to select from;
beautiful new uprights $8 cash, $6 per month,
some good pianos for $3. $4 and £> per month.
SHERMAN, CLAY & CO.. STEINWAY
DEALERS, corner Kearny and Sutter sta..
San Francisco; corner Broadway and Thlr-
teenth sts.. Oakland.
A NICE piano for beginners $73
One a little better 85
One still better lt»
Fine Hallet & Davis 135
Kingsbury, slightly used 130
Easy payments; Chickerlng, Vose. Sterling.
Curtas and other pianos; sheet mdslc and
everj-thins in the music line. BENJ. CUR-
TAZ & SON. 16 O'Farrell st.
ABSOLUTELY the largest exclusive wholesale
and retail piano house west of Chicago.
SPECIAL THIS MONTH.
Bargains In all standard makes from $50 f>
J2S5. Agents for Hallet & Davis. Boston's oli-
ett and most famous piano; a!*o Behr Eros,
and 10 other makm. Pianos r^nt; rent allowed
if purchased. HEINE PIANO CO.. 217 Geary.
311 :*> If A I. l>S'l'UL31t:.\TS
A— $500.0CO ON city and country real estate anil
estates: chattel mortgages: notes and col-
laterals. J. BROWNSTONE. 11 Montgomery.
MOST reliable place to borrow on diamonds,
watches. Jewelry. W. J. HESTHAL. 10 Sixth;
highest price for old gold, silver, diamonds.
ON furplture and pianos without removal :qulc!c
service; money direct; lowest interest. Rooms
68 and 69, Donohoe building. 1170 Market st.
AT 126 Kearny st.. room 9. respectable, privat*
place to borrow on watches, diamonds; lowest
rates; take elevator. Telephone Davis 995.
ANY amount by private party on furniture and
pianos; no removal; low rates; confidential.
BONELLI. 3C1 Jones' st.. corner Eddy.
WHY pay rent? We loan money to build with;
small monthly payments. HOME BUILDING
COMPANY. '2a Sansome at. room 2.
MONEY on furniture and pianos without re-
moval. St. Ann's building. 6 Eddy, room 72.
MONEY to loan on furniture by private party;
l->w rate. 917 Market st.. room 1.
"P^^i 1 lf ln *rt salaried people without security.
HILL, rm. 44. .Merchants' Ex.. 431 California.
ON furniture and pianos; no removal; confi-
dential; on diamonds, etc. 33 Taylor st.
TO salaried people without security: all busi-
ness confidential. Tousley Co.. 321 Parrott biff.
CASH loaned to salaried people on note without
indorser. MORRELL. ta? Esanfrner building.
ON furniture, pianos, without removal: no com-
mlsslon; private. LICK. 118 McAllister st.
TO salaried people without collateral or ln-
dorser. S. F Dl.«coun( Agency. 143 Phelan big.
MOXEY TO LOAX
WANTED— Laborers and mechanics to know
that Ed Rolklni Reno House proprietor, still
runs Denver House, 237 Third st. ; 1 30 large
rooms: 25c rer night; $1 to $2 per week.
_HELP WANTED— MALE.
MEN^wanted for the United States Navy-
Machinists, first-class, • age 21 to 33, pay per
month. $55; machinists, second class, age 21
to 35. pay per month. $40; electricians, third
class, age 21 to 35, pay per month, $30; ahlp-
! wrights (carpenters), age 21 to 35. pay per
month, $25; seamen, age 21 to 35, pay per
month, $24; ordinary seamen, age IS to 30.
pay per month $19; landsmen, age IS to 25,
pay per month $16: apprentices, third class,
age 15 to 17. pay per month $9. All candi-
dates for enlistment must pass a physical ex-
amination showing them to be free from dls-
cuallfyins: ailments. Machinists must pa3s
an examination showing them to be ma-
chinists by trade. Electricians must pass a
practical examination In electricity. - espec-
. lally on the handling of electrical machines.
Shipwrights must be carpenters by trade.
Seamen and ordinary seamen must pass an
examination in seamanship. Landsmen and
aDDrentlces will be required to pass the
physical examination only. The term of en-
listment is for four years. Should a man
re-enlist within a period of four months from
the date of honorable discharge he will re-
ceive a bonus of four months' pay and an
addition to his monthly pay of $1 36 for each
re-enlistment. Rations, medicines aitd medical
attendance are furnished gratis In addition to
pay. Privilege of retirement after thirty
years' service on three-quarters, of the pay
received at date of retirement, tt la the de-
sire of the Navy Department to obtain a
large number of able-bodied Americans for
the navy, who will be given every oppor-
tunity for advancement as soon as they are
qualified for, the higher ratings. The early
completion of a number of fine ships for the
navy will make a large Increase in the en-
listed force necessary, and this will cause a
corresponding large increase In the number
of petty officers, who will be advanced from
the lower ratings. Recruits who may be ac-
ceDted will be assigned to a U. S. war ves-
sel: apprentices to the naval training sta-
tion, San Francisco, Cal. Applications should
be made at the U. S. Naval Recruiting Ren-
dezvous, corner of Market and East streets.
San Francisco. Cal.
A BRANCH offlce for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096
Valencia st. •
the drug trade; can give Al references and
security. C. J. SHILLING, 1581 Valencia «t.
EMPLQYMEXT J*[A*j™P—' 3* A J^,^
COACHMAN, excellent groom, wants situation;
good driver: understands gardening; will go
anywhere; best references. Address R. M.,
box 4999, Call offlce. ~-
YOUNG man, well educated, desires position- in
store or manufacturing concern; understands
DOG HOSPITALS.
BELP WANTED-FEMALB.GRAYS HARBOR— Sailed Oct I— Schr Har
riet G, for San Francisco.
Sailed Oct 3— Schrs Chas R Wilson and Re
porter, for San Francisco; schr Jennie Stella,
for San Pedro.
Wednesday. October I.
Stmr National City. Dettmers. Fort Bragg.
Stmr Iaqua, Bash, Eureka.
Stmr w II Kruger. Krog. Tlllamook Bay.
DOMESTIC PORT.
SAILED.
Wednesday. October S.
Stmr Santa Crus. Hlnkle. hours - from
Port Harfcrd. -'" -. *¦-.
Stmr Alex Duncan, Guthrle. -28 hours from
Mess Landing and way ports.
Stmr Despatch. Johnson. SO hours from Port
land.
Schr Daisy Rowe, Nielsen, hence Sept 23. for
Grays Harbor, returned on account of carry
ing away mainmast, etc.
ARRIVED.
I.ATE SHIPPING INTEIXIGENCE.
R H Mason. N Zealand T C McGo-rtn. Ill
W W Greer & w. Sacto T Culby & w. Duluth
O W Harney. Marysvll Mra H S Farrtnrcton.
W Landt, Los Ang Stockton
L M Flowers, Cal Mrs E Williams, S Jos
H M Rullson, Reno P Baum, Llvermore
E Freard. Crockett G E Kennedy. Livcnnr
A ¦*«¦ Haggins & w. Cal A C Blossom. Stockton
K A I>ouglas, Xapa A Mayer. Leipzig
W Asplnwall. DC A Smith. Cal
H A Kearn, Austin W S Tinning. Martinez
J Mathena. Sacto G W Beecher. Klngmn
F M Swasey. Redding Misses Lethbridjre. Cal
W A Driscoll. Los Ang J B Iveraon. Salinas
P W Morse. W'atsonvl Mrs B C Bailey, Nome
T Takagl. Yokohama Miss M Monroe. Nome
W E Brown, Los Ang A Andrews. Alaska
J C Talmage. Los Ang R M Saeltzer & fm.
S H Brown, Chlcajro Redding
O- A Carleton, Victoria E V Heavlns & c. Sac
C Clark & w, Pomona C C Walte. Los An?
A W Schultz, Fresno F P Turner & w,- Cal
A C Russell. Stockton F Galvin & w, S Rosa
W II Christines & w, Mrs J P Meyers. Minn
San- Jose M L Benson, Klamath
PALACE HOTEL.
E S.Turner. Sydney E E Reed. N T
A D Park, NY ¦ J B GUdersleeve, L A
A Goodman. NT T "W Brotherton. L A
J v.' Mitchell, L Ang Mrs Brotherton. L A
B F Bretherton. NY T Brotherton Jr. L A
J W Minturn. Sharon W Herburn, Idaho
C 'W de Knicht. V7»3h R Johnston, St Loul*
R D Emerson. Chlco A V Stewart. Chicago
W L Tucker. NT OB Ellis. Redlands
B F Brooks. Bakersfld A L Levinsky. Stocktn
F A Daley. Phila A A Brownlee. N Y
D Biers, Indianapolis J Robinson. - England
J H Eames. Chicago C M Kershaw. Phila
E T Earl,-L An* O J Smith, Reno
Mrs Earl. L Ang O Harrison, Mexico
F K V.'els, Ky Mrs Harrison. Meileo
D Mills Jr. Phila E Griffiths. Salt Lake
Mrs Mills. Phila : W Sherman, Salt Laka
J B Alexander. L An* Mrs Harrington. Cal
W "Woodrow, S Jose- Mrs Wlnshlp, L Ang
Mrs Woodrow. 3 Jojm R McMullin, Chicago
C A Wlnshir-. L Ang
NEW WESTERN HOTEL.
A Bayer. Cincinnati H L Davison. Phila
C Andrews. Vlsalla J F Scott, Mare Island
J H Sears. Fresno O L Suis. Sioux Falls
Miss L Nichols. L Ang Mrs Hobbs & c. Ogden
J V.'lnters, Boston M TratSer. Ogden
G McPhearson. Conn W Osterboat. Llvennor
H C Holmes. Conn L Vest & w. Falrvlew
H Woods, Chicago A C McDevltt A w. NY
J Moran. Chicago J Watts & i. Cinn
H B Smithson. Seattle ;J Smith. Tombgtona
HOTEL ARRIVALS.
GRAND HOTEL.
Big Manufactory Totally Destroyed
and Four Firemen Badly Injured
at Williamsport.
WILLIAMSPORT. Pa.. Oct. 3.— This
city experienced the mo«t disastrous fire
in its history early to-day. The big four
storV shoe factory of J. K. Dayton & Co.,
occupying almost an entire square, with
its «reat stock of finished shoes and raw
material, was entirely destroyed. Other
occupants of the building who suffered to
tal losses were the Royal Braid Company
and L E. Whitman & Co.. bookbinders.
The loss is $300,000, of which $250,000 falls
on Dayton & Co. The property was only
partially covered by insurance.
Several firemen were hurt by the falling
of a portion of the building. Among them
were — John , Condon, seriously injured ;
Randall Allison, seriously injured; Joseph
H. Hill, bad scalp wounds; Henry E
Page, arm badly Injured.
Prince George's Object.
BERLIN, Oct. 3.— Prince George oi
Crete aims In his visit to St. Petersburg,
according to some of the German papers,
to win tho support of : Emperor Nicholas
to his plan for changing the Cretan con
stitution. The German Foreign Office does
not expect the Prince to come to Berlin,
inasmuch as Germany ,was not one of the
powers signing the Cretan settlement.
DISASTROUS FIRE IN
A PENNSYLVANIA TOWN
Board of Public Works of Denver to
Open Negotiations for the Pur
chass of a Plant.
DENVER. Oct. 3.— It Is announced that
tho $4,700,000 water bonds, authorized by
vote of the citizens of Denver, have been
sold at their face value to Denison, Prior
& Co. of Boston. The bonds are deposit
ed at the National Bank of Commerce in
New York to be held for delivery at the
times set forth in the agreement with the
city. '
President Shackleford of the Board of
Public Works said to-day: "The board
will at once enter into negotiations with
the water company for the amicable pur
chase of such portions of its plant as are
required by the city. Should an arrange
ment with the company prove Impossible,
it will be the duty of the board to proceed
with the construction of an independent
plant." * V .••; *;-'.- - ' "
EASTERN FIRM BUYS
COLORADO WATER BONDS
"Witnesses Tell of Events Preceding
the Double Killing by the
Alviso Constable.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SAN JOSE, Oct. 3.— The shooting of
Joseph Cech and August Berger by Con
stable Bergerow of Alviso was described
in Judge Lorigan's court this afternoon.
The prosecution called a half dozen wit
nesses, but they gave little damaging evi
dence against the defendant.
Hugo Liebenthal was with Cech and
Berger when the former had some trouble
with Bergerow in a saloon earlier in the
day. At the time the Constable had been
struck John Maloney ajid John Duncan
saw the shooting. Their evidence showed
that Cech. and Berger had attempted to
take a man known as "Bismarck" from
the Constable and succeeded in doing so.
They struck the .Constable, whereupon he
drew his revolver and shot. The first
bullet was fired in the air and the next
two hit Cech and Berger.
C. M. Erlich testified that he had seen
Bergerow in jail and Bergerow had told
him he was guilty of murder and did not
need an attorney to plead his case. T. "W.
Stone and Mrs. Cech were other witnesses
examined to-day.
BERGEROW ATTACKED
BY CECH AND BERGKR
Time for the San Francisco-San Diego
- Bun to Be Shortened.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
- SAN DIEGO, Oct. 3.— The announcement
that the Southern Pacific would open Its
Surf line for traffic on or about the first
gf the' yean may be the reason why the
Pacific Coast Steamship Company is
about : to announce the shortening of its
schedule time between the Golden Gate
and San Diego to two days or less. Sen
ator Perkins . has been here * all day pre
paring for the shortening of the run. He
was accompanied by President Farrell
and Auditor Lawless of the company. In
the ! new schedule ¦ stops , at Redondo and
Port Harford may be omitted.
•SANTA CRUZ.- Oct. 3.— The Woman's Home
and ' Forelrn - Mission Society of the Advent
Christian Church of Northern ¦ California held
its ¦¦ annual -. meeting yesterday. The officers
elected were: 'President,'- Mr*. ' Nina * L. - Mc-
Faden. Napa: . secretary - and treasurer, * Mrs.
Anna Stevenson,- Oakland.
Pomona Blacksmith Sends a Bullet
Through His Brain.
Special Dispatch to The Call. ¦
POMONA, Oct. 3.— Fred T. Clark, a
blacksmith, committed suicide by shooting
himself hf;re early this morning. Clark
and his wife returned from a visit to Los
Angeles two days ago. While there Clark
had been examined by a physician, who
told him that he '-vas a victim of heart
disease. This morning Clark arose early,
and kissing his wife went out to the barn
apparently to look after his horse. .The
report of a rifle was heard, and* when
Clark's little son ran to the barn he
found his father dead on the floor, with a
bullet hole through his skull. Clark was
about 40 years of age and leaves a fara
.ily of little children
NEW STEAMSHIP SCHEDULE.
DEATH RATHER THAN DISEASE.
Rich .Display of Natural Wealth
Witnessed by Street Carni
val Visitors.
Special Dispatch to The Call. :¦..*;
VENTURA, Oct. 3.— The Agricultural
Fair department of Ventura's street car
nival was officially opened this morning.
L. J. Rose, president of the district as
sociation, made a brief address. The ex
hibits are numerous, especially those of
the fruits and products of this county.
The Perris Indian School band gave a
concert. At noon a new public drinking
fountain was dedicated. This fountain
was purchased with funds raised by sub
scription through the Woman's Christian
Temperance Union. Mayor Collins accept
ed the gift on behalf of the city.
.Queen Bertha was tendered a reception
at Hotel Rose this afternoon by the ladies
of the Tuesday Literary Society. The
parlors were .crowded during the entire
afternoon. This evening a free vaudeville
show was given before Queen Bertha and
her court.
PRODUCTS OF VENTURA
fcV.^' COUNTY ON EXHIBIT
Two Inches.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
KING CITY, Oct. 3.-One and twenty
flve hundredths inches of rain has fallen
here since yesterday. Bitterwater Val
ley reports two inches and the Jolon
country a like amount.
NILES, Oct. 3.— The summer's drought
v.-us broken at an early hour this morning
by a fall of .3*J of. an inch of rain. Xo
damage -was done. -
PACIFIC GROVE, Oct. 3.— The first rain
of the season in this section started at
midnight last night, the precipitation be
ins -21 of an inch. No damage is reported.
REDWOOD CITY, Oct. 3.— Rain com
menced falling here about 12:30 o'clock
this morning and continued for two hours.
So far as reported no damage- has been
done. The prune crop has been gathered
and dried.
CHICO. Oct. 3.— The first rain of the
season began falling here last night, con
tinuing until 5 o'clock this morning. The
storm gave .63 of an inch. Many tons of
drying prunes were out* on trays, but un
less the rain is of several days' duration
no material damage will result.
ANTIOCH. Oct. 3.— The first rain of the
season fell last night and the ground was
given a good drenching. About .26 of an
inch fell. Considerable hay that has not
-been housed will be spoiled.
MERCED. Oct. 3.— Rain began falling
here late last night and continued to
day, causing much damage to the corn
crop and fruit that Is drying.
SAN JOSE, Oct. 3.— Rain fell here early
this morning, the precipitation amounting
to .23 of an inch. The damage to the
prune crop was slight.
FRESNO, Oct. 3.— The rainfall this
morning was .20 of an inch. Little dam
age was done to raisins, as the farmers
had ample warning.
SUISUN, Oct. 3.— Light rain fell here
last night and this morning. Ftult drying
operations are completed and no damage
resulted.
COLUSA. Oct. 3. — It commenced raining
here yesterday and continued through the
night. No damage has been done as yet.
Precipitation in Some Portions of
Monterey County Amounts to
RAIN IN CENTRAL AND
NORTHERN CALIFORNIA
President Makes Light of the Rumor
That There Is a Plot to Take
* His Life.
CAXTOX, Ohio, Oct. 3.— President Mc-
Kinley seemingly was not affected to-day
by the information of an alleged plot to
kill him. His movements were of wonted
order. He was closely watched, however,
and his house Is guarded to-night by de
tectives and secret service men.
It was not until this morning that the
President was told that a letter was in
the possession of the Secret Service De
partment giving information that three
men had determined to kill him. He was
inclined to treat the matter lightly, as h»
has been told repeatedly of similar
threats.
The secret service men evidently con
sidered the letter of sufficient importance
to take precautions. The detail of secret
service men here was increased and local
policemen were told to watch for the
three men, whose description was given.
It is said here that the rirst information
received in Canton came to George Fos
ter, chief of the secret service detail for
the' President. His advices came from
Washington, it is asserted, and were to
the effect that an anonymous letter had
been received by the Secret Service De- !
partment at Chicago declaring that two
Italians and a supposed army officer, tali
and dark complexioned. had sworn to kill
the President on October 2. ;
Additional secret service men were hur
ried here and Mr. Foster communicated I
with Mayor Robertson, who Is also Chief
of the Canton police. Mr. Robertson or
dered a special detail of police to guard
the McKlnley home.
. All trains into and out of the city have
been carefully watched to-day. All quar
ters of the city where such strangers
might be harbored have been searched.
So far as known no trace of the men has
been found. The secret service men, as
sisted by the local police, are patrolling
the city to-night.
Chisholm Arrested.
MONTREAL, Oct. 3.— Thomas M. Chls
holm of the Montreal Cold Storage and
Freezing Company was arrested last
night on a charge of conspiracy. The ar
rest is In connection with that of McGillid
and McCullough, arrested last week on
a charge of defrauding the Merchants'
Bank of Halifax out of $220,000 by means
of fraudulent warehouse receipts.
Will Ruin Coffee Trade.
BOMBAY, Oct. 3.-The India coffee
trade with France is threatened with ex
tinction by the new French duty on colo
nial products. India annually exports
7,000,000 pounds of coffee to France, and if
it has to pay twice the : duty levied on
Brazilian coffee, this trade, it is asserted,
will be ruined.
McKINLEY'S HOME
CAREFULLY GUASDED
The following committees were appoint
ed, and the gentlemen named are the
chairmen: Business, Rev. J. H. Goodell
of Petaluma; pres3. Rev. Benjamin F.
Sargent and Rev. J. R. Knodell; nomin
ating, Rev. C. R. Brown.
On the whole the report was most en
couraging, and the year was seen to be
one of general and generous advance.
This morning the association gave at
tention to the discussion of the general
theme, "Christian Nurture," Rev. W, H.
Cross of Saratoga and Rev.'C. C. Cragin
of Rio Vista reading papers.
The "Narration of the Churches."
•which means the religious condition' In
the various communities, was read by
Rev. R. H. Sink. This report showed an
increase of membership aggregating 35S
by confession of faith and 360 by letters
from other churches. An Increase of the
number of churches holding evangelistic
services, and of good results arising
therefrom, was also shown.
Revs. A. Arrlngton, W. H. Atkinson, H. E.
Banham. C. R. Brown, H. F. Burgess. C. E.
Chase, F. B. Cherrington, P. Coombe. William
H. Cross. W. R. Balr. Huber Burr. R. C. Day.
M. B. Fisher, F. H. Foster. Walter Frear.
J. H. Goodall. Thomas Hanna. James K. Har
rison, G. B. Hatch, C. O. Huntlngton, Jee
Gam, H. E^ Jewett. W. D. Kldd. J. R. Kno
ck 11, R. R. Xiloyd, F. H. Maar. J. K. McLean,
O. G. May. J. A. Mllllran, George D. Mooar.
C S. Nash. Samuel G. Patterson, F. B. Per
kins John Philllpe. W. C. Pond. L. D. Rath
bone. Joseph Rowell. Benjamin F. Sargent, W.
W. Scudder. R. H. Sink, E. W. Stoddard. D.
G. Travis, F. M. Washburn, J. H. Warren. E.
I). Weage. E. a Williams, William Windsor,
S. R. Wood.
Mrs. Reeves; San Francisco — J. Howard
Barnard, J. T. Bowers, Miss Harriet Falrchlld.
Mrs. Mary H. Pike. Mrs. George C. Adams,
Professor and Mrs.- E. BrtxJks, Professor W.
X. Searby, Mrs. C. Parker; San Jose — W. E.
Hazeltlne. Mrs. A. P. Blrge; Santa Cruz— Rev.
J. B. Orr, Dr. H. J. Whitney; Santa Rosa— I.
M. Butler. Miss Laura Williams; Stockton—
Mrs.R H. Sink, Mrs. M. E. Sargent.
Also the following ministerial members
are in attendance:
Alameda— J. E. Ager, Miss Maud Scott, Miss
Hubbard; Antioch— T. A. Jenkins; Benlcla—
Mrs. King, Mrs. J. D. Johnson; Berkeley— J.
L. Barker. Mrs. H. E. Jewett. Mrs. A. Nicker-
Bon, Miss Sprague; Campbell — Dr. C. N. Coo
per. F. B. Ballard; Clayton— Mrs. J. H. Mer
rill; Frultvale— Mrs. Thomas Downing; Grass
Valley— D. Gllles, Mrs. B. D. N'aylor: Green
Valley— Mrs. J. Sullivan; Guerneville— Miss
Garrison, Samuel Garrison; Haywarils — P. Wil
bcrt. Miss Wllbert: Kenwood— Mrs. J. O. Gage.
Joel S. Stevens; Oakland — Mrs. C. R. Brown.
Dr. A. P. Peck, Mrs. Peck, Mrs. A. Goodale,
W. B. Eccles, Professor George Moore, J. A.
Penton, 13. T. Leeter, Mrs. A. Xalsmlth. E.
S. Hess; Pacific Grove— Mrs. J. Painter. Miss
Hoi man: Fetaluma — A. B. Case, C. Crow-
Rev. C. R. Brown of the First Church,
Oakland, preached the initial sermon. H9
laid great stress on religious bigotry, but
said that the so-called bigot is not so
much wrong In his belief as he is the vic
tim of abnormal development. He is, the
speaker argued, the result of a lack of
charity and intolerance on the part of his
particular church, and thinks he is work
ing for the right.
- The delegations from the churches was
large, and as follows:
CLOVERDALE. Oct. 3.— The fifty-first
annual convention ! of Congregational
churches and ministers was called to
order yesterday aftern&on. After a de
votional service the association was or
ganized by the election of Rev. R. H. Sink
of Stockton as moderator and Rev. L. D.
Rathbone of Santa Rosa as assistant
moderator. Rev. H. F. Burgess of Au
burn was chosen as scribe and Rev. E. W.
Stoddard of Martinez assistant scribe.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Congregations Greatly Augmented
by Confessions of Faith and
Numerous Admissions
by Letter, f
Work of the Annual Con
ference in Session at
Cloverdale.
REPORTS SHOW
CONGREGATIONAL
CHURCH'S GROWTH
In delivering the man to the asylum the
Sheriff of Humboldt County, It Is alleged,
refused to tell anything about the wounds
found upon Gilroy, yet that officer was
not compelled to appear at the examina
tion.
Gilroy was brought to Reno from Win
nemucca about five weeks ago and given
in charge of the superintendent of the asy
lum, 'i he man was said to be violently
insane, but it was proved at the Inquest
held shortly after his death that he waa
not insane, but had been suffering from
wounds received at the hands of some
one in "Winnemucca.
"Gilroy came to his death from the ef
fects of a blow on the head inflicted by
some one in Wlnn'emucca unknown to this
jury." v-">
RENO. Nev., Oct. 3.— Coroner Peers and
a jury held a final examination, here tills
afterncon to Inquire into the death of
Hugh B. Gllroy of Petaluma, Cal., who
died in the Nevada Insane Asylum a few
woeks ago. No witnesses were called
from. Winnemucca, and it would appear
that some on© Is. guilty of gross negli
gence. The jury brought in a verdict as
follows:
Special Dispatch to The Call.
No Attempt Hade to Procure the Evi
dence of Persons Having Possi
ble Knowledge of the
Crime.
Inquest Over the Petaluman
Who Died in Nevada
Asylum
CORONER'S JURY
DECIDES GILROY
WAS MURDERED
LOS GATOS, Oct. 3.— The second day's
session of, the State Grange was attended
by an increased number of delegates. The
morning was occupied with reports of
subordinate granges and committees that
had not been heard from previously. In
the afternoon the delegates assembled at
the hall at 1 o'clock and were escorted
to the Los Gatos canneries by Manager
George H. Hooke. After spending an hour
inspecting the workings of this institution
they reassembled at the hall and pro
ceeded with- the business of the day.
A change was made in the State con
stitution in regard to withdrawal cards.
Heretofore a fee of 51 has been charged
for the Issuance of a card. This has been
abolished and members may be trans
ferred from one- subordinate lodge to an
other without charge. : A recommendation
from- -the National Grange changing 1 the
term of office of members of the exec
utive committee from two to three years
was ratified. To make this binding It
must be approved by a three-fourth ma
jority of the State granges. A partial
report was made by the committee on the
good of the order.
The business of the evening session con
sisted of the reading and discussion of
various resolutions and the reports of
committees, including that of the com
mittee on co-operation. As a mark of ap-
Creclatlon of the- entertainment afforded
y little Miss Erma Brown with her reci
tations and songs a purse of $14 was sub
scribed by the members and presented by
Senator Johnson.
The officers of the State organization
are elected once in two years, so there
will be. no election at this session. The
incumbents are: Worthy master, G. W.
Worthen, San Jose; worthy overseer, C.
"W. Emery, Oakland; worthy lecturer, J.
S. Taylor, Napa; worthy steward, E. C.
Shoemaker, Visalia; assistant steward, I.
C. Stecle, Pescadero; worthy chaplain. A.
D. Logan. San Francisco: secretary, Miss
Laura "Woodhams. SaVita Clara; gate
keeper, M. D. Hopkins, Petaluma; Po
mona, Miss Bell Johnson, Courtland;
Flora, Miss Etta Cornell, Mills; Ceres,
Mrs. Cora Beecher, Stockton; lady as
sistant steward. Miss Delma Green.
Courtland; organist, Miss Lena Loll
Sheldon.
To-morrow the Feast of Pomona will be
celebrated./
Special Dispatch^ to The Call,
Delegates Inspeofc the Work
ings- of a Los Gatos
Plant.
Term of Office of the Members of the
Executive Committee Extended
From Two Years to
Three.
STATE GRANGE
PAYS A VISIT
TO CANNERIES
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, OCTOBER 4, 1900.
11
OAKLA.Vb BOUSES TO LET.
BATXBOAD TBAVZZk.
united undertakers;
27 "and 29 Fifth St. .Tel. iSout^lST.*
fUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EKBALMEE3.
. Finest Equipment , at ; Moderate Rates.
(Successor to Flannagan & Gallagher).
DANIEL P. DONOVAN. Mjr.
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALMERS.
20 Fifth st.. opposite Lincoln School.
Telephone South 80.";* ¦
HENRY J. GALLAGHER CO.,
MOUNT TAMALPAIS RAILWAY
Leaves San Francisco,- via Sausallto Ferry:
WEEK DAYS. ...9:15 a. m.: 1:45 and 4:00 p. m
SUNDAYS... 8:00. 10:00. 11:30 and 1:15 p. m
Fare, San 'Francisco to Summit and Return,
1140. .
NEW TAVERN OF TAMALPAIS NOW OPEN.
Ticket Offices, tH Mcrket St., Sausallto Ferry.
.f ~y± Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
tf*ST|>^Jj* In 153» tor thetr?ntmentof I»rtvs,te
K JJL -MS Diseases, Lost Manhood Debility or
¦*fv>J>5 s^>''a rt!4«»ac''>*8arlngo!i bodyandmlmtaiid
rSJg*J>C* I }i<>3 Skin Di»e»a«i. The doctorctireswheii
**3*iFS is&i others fall Try him, Charge* low
r<wKijd^i3 i'urr^isafiriinte^ 1. Callorwrlt»\
Drw<l. A*. UiBBOSi Box l»37,:iaa Fr*acisca
Via Sausallto Ferry. -
Commencing September 3u. 1300. » -
FROM SAN FRANCISCO TO MI11L VALLEY
AND SAN RAFAEL.
*WEEK DAYS-8.55. "9:15. U:0O a. -a.. -::43. .
S:13. 4:00. 5:13. '6:15, «:«0 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS— For Mill Valley and San
Rafael, on Mondays, Wednesdays i.ad Sat-
urdays at 9:00 and 11:35 p. m.
¦ SUNDAYS— »S:00. 10:00. *11:W a. m.. I.H,
J:15. *4M5. «:30, 9.00 p. m.
Trains marked <•) run to San Quentln.
FROM SAN RAFAEL to SAN FRANCISCO.' •
WEEK DAYS— 5:25. t:2D. 7:43, »:30 a. m..
•13:30. 1:45. *3:3O. 4:30. 5:M p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays. Wednesdays
and Saturdays at 2:45 and 10:20 p. ra.
SUNDAYS— «:20. •9:00. »10:00, *ll:i3 a. m., .
•1:40. *J:15. 4:45. *S:30 p. m.
Trains marked <•) start from San Quentln.
FROM MILL VALLEY TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— 5:43. «:45. 7:55. »:3& a, ¦ m..
12:35. J:10. J:30, 4:54. S:W p. m.
EXTR.\ TRIPS on Mondays. Wednesdays
and Saturdays at 7:10 and 10:20 o. m.
SUNDAYS— 3:05. 10:C5 a. m., 12:05. 2:15, 3:30,-
5:00. 6:45 p. -^^.^ TRAn , g .
6:a a. m, week days— Cazadero and way sU-
U 1M3 p. m. Saturdays— Tomale* and way sti-
U s!af s- m. Sundays— Tomales and way sta-
tions. " _- - .. _
Santa Fe
Trains— Daily
' Le»T« lfark«t-straet Ferry Depot.
Lv«. San Francisco. 9:00 * m 4:10 p ml 1:00 p m"
Ait. Stockton 12:S0 p m 7:15 p m 11:05 p a
•* Merced ........ t:*2 p m U1S a. m
•• Fresno ~ 4:20 pm ¦ 1:05 am
" VlMdla 6:00 p m 4:S0 * a
•* Tulare 6:23 pm •' 1:10 a m
" Hanford 5:J3 p m 7:0* a m
" Bakersfleld ... 8:50 p m . 7:J0 » ra.
••¦ Denver ....10:00am - —^—
" Kansas City... 6:15 p m ¦ . ' ..
** Chicago 7:40 > m
» a. m. train is the Overland Express. Corr*-
spocdlng train arrives at 6 p. m. dally. .
4:10 p. nu Is Stockton Local. Corresponding-
train arrives 11:05 a. m. dally.
8:00 p. m. Is Fresno and BakenSsld Express.
with Sleeping Cars fcr both cities. Correspco 1-
Ing train arrives at St. m. dally.
OFFICES— €41 Market st. and In Ferry Depot.
Ean Franclaco: HIS Broadway. Oakland.
NORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD.
FOR list modern furnished and unf ur. dwellings
apply Li yrr.tr. re Real Estate Co.. 463-4S2 8th.
GOOD houses Get list from GEO. W. AUS-
TIN' * CO . :CC8 Broadway. Oakland.
OAKLAND FCUJflTCRE FOR SALE.
AN introduction to you from H. Schellhaas, th*
furniture dealer. 11th and Franklin. Oakland.
ROOMS FOR ROC5EKEEPI\G.
CLAT. 242L near Fillmore— J large unfurnished
roorr.s: upper fiat; yard: water; rear; rent 87.
ELLIS. 1127— A nicely furnished front room.
suitable fcr housekeeping; kitchen adjoining.
FOLSOM.' tH— Sunny housekeeping room;
closet. Move, bath; private; If; or 2 nns JS.
LARKIN. 1004. near Poet— Newly furnished
sunny room*: light housekpg: large rooms; Ji.
MARKET, near Fifth— 2 rooms, furni«hed; fold-
lr.p bed: gas; 110. Particulars 142 Kearny »t.
MCALLISTER. lC:— 1 rooms furnished: kitchen",
bed and sitting; bath; ¦ all conveniences;
mnr.y; rent reasonable.
<»AK. :is_2 Funr.y rooms, furnished for heavy
Brtusfktn'lr.g. 810: other rooms cheap.
OAK. 11J3, entrance Park— J or > sunny fur-
r.lshed housekeeping rms: kitchen gaa etove.
©FARRr-LU i:!A-Nicely furnished front
tur.ny room; privilege light housekeeping. ¦
PILVER. 16S, near Fourth— t or 1 cheap fur-
nished rooms for housekeeping.
TT'RK. 12$— Two furnished sunny housekeep-
ing rooms; running water; closet; no children.
TURK, 20»— Newly fnrnlnhed sunny rooms; can
arrange for light housekeeping.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office, 2200 Fillmore st.
* BRANCH orflce for Call advertisements sjid
t-uh«< riptlor.s ha* been established at 109«
'¦¦lyT.Ca tt.
BIRTHS-MARRIAGES-DEATHS.
BOBN.
ZIMMER-In this city. September 17, 1900, to
the wife of Chris Zimmer. a ton. ta£SX
Birth, marriage and death notices sent by
mall will not be inserted. They must be handed
In at either of the publication offices and be
indorsed with the name and residence of per-
sons authorized to have the same published.
MARRIED.
ANDERSON— PETERSON— In this city, Sep-
tember 22, 1900. by G. W. F. Cook, Justice of
the Peace. Albert Anderson and Augusta N.
Peterson, both of Ean Francisco.
CHALFANT— BROWN— In this city. September
27, 1900. by the Rev. Benjamin Fay Mills. Dr.
John Chalfant and Ida M. Brown, both of
Ean Francisco.
FORSELL— NELSON— In thla city. September
23. 1900. by the Rev. Dr. E. Nelander. Emil
Fore ell and Annie Nelson, both of San Fran-
cisco.
FRAUEN-MOSE— In thi« city. August L 1900,
by the Rev. Father Raphael. Theodore F.
Frauen and Alice J. Moss, both of San Fran-
cisco.
GEERINQ-GERALMAN— In thii city. October
:. 1S00. by the Rev. Dr. John A. B. Wilson,
Rudolph Edward Geerinir and Lillian Evelyn
Geralmaa. both of San Francisco.
JOHNSON— 6MITH— In this city. October 8,
l>00. by the Rev. Dr. John A. B. Wilson,
Dorastus "Rich Johnson- of Fortuna,*' Hum-
boldt County. Cal.. and Lulu Smith of San
Francisco.
MAGNUSEN— ERIKSEN— In this • city. Sep-
tember SV 1900. by the Rev. O. Groensberg,
Charles G. Magnusen and O'.Ine Erlksen.
NICHOLLS— FREEMAN-In Oakland. October
3, 1S00. by the Rev. E. R. Dllle, Thomas H.
Nicholls of San Francisco and Rose A. Free-
man of Auburn, Cal.
PETERSON-PETERSEN-In thU city. Sep-
tember 29. 1900, by the Rev. O. Groensberg,
Jacob Peterson and Carrie H.Petersen.
•^^•^^TOLKT— I^nrn^tnd I'nfnrn.
A-I'.Stl.NswirK House, 148 Elxth— Roomsisc
lo II p*r rdshl: « 55 to $5 p*r week, and light
A Ut'IKT and r^rfectable borne for lijcht bouse-
K'^p.^s: s-uitea $« up; bath: telephone. St.
, B:f *• McA>;utf ' fO 1-acur.a sts.
.•.:>/:iX ave.. m, off Polk— Furnished and un-
!crnir i r.^l roftn* for houFekeepinsr.
WTRXKTT. u:n Market TolJ 'itoTlut)— Fur-
tii-hed m^--.. sullfs. tingle: also unfurnished.
UL'SII.- senny rooin^. suits or
tingle, C5c per night up; transient.
DIED.
Brtn. Dorathe*^ . • Mayer, Corlnne A.
Brown. Isabel C. Meyer. Joseph L.
Callaghan. Ellen Miller. Amelia
Daly. Flossie G. Mohr. Mrs. R.
Dhue. Edward Murphy. Catherine
Doyle (infant) O'Brien. Gerald I.
Frances. Jame« O«den. Richard L.
Harerty. James H. O f Keefe. John P.
CALIFORNIA NORTHWESTERN RT. CO.
LES3E3
SAN FRAKCISCO AMD NORTH PAC1F18
RAILWAY COMPANY.
Tlturon Ferry, Foot at Marie: St •
SAN FRANCISCO TO SAN RAFAEL.
WEEK DATS— 7:30. »:C0. 11:CO a. m.: 11:35.
1:80. 8:10. 8:30 p. m. Thursdays— Extra trtr»
at 11:30 o. m. Baturdays— Extra trip* at 1.14 .
and H:S0 o. m.
SUNDAYS— 1:00. »:J0. 11.C8 a. m.: 1:30, J:3*
t:00. «:M d. nu
BAN RAFAEL TO 8AN FRANCISCO.
VEEK DAIS- «:10. 7:50. 9:20. 11:10 a. m.; 12:«5.
»:4O. 6:15- p. nu. Satardaya— Extra, trips mX
1:53 and *C:S3 d. m.
BX^IDATS— 8:10. »:40. 11:10 a. m.; 1:40. l:«t
6:03. 1:25 p. m. _
Between San Francisco and Schuetzen Park
¦um schedule ca above.
L»V» I In Effect. I Arrlv*
Ban Franclaco. [Apr. 15, 1»X>.| San Franclac-x
Week I , Sun- I I Sun- I We«t
Days. [ days. | Destination. I days. | Days.
T-20am 8:00 »m Xovatot 10:40 am' 8:40 am
8:30 pm 1:30 am Petaluma. «:05 pm|10:K am
1:10 pm 6:00 pm Santa Rosa. 7:35 pm! 6:20 pra
Fultcn.
t— 0 am Windsor. 10:25 aa -
H "aids bur p-
Lytton.
CeyservUle.
>:S3 pra 8:C0 am Cloverdale. 7:83 pm 8:5) pa
ISO ami I Hopland I [10:25 ara
8:30 pmj S:00 am| and Uklah. I 7:S5 pm! 8:30 prq
T: 30 in 110:25 in
8:00 am Gutrnevtlle. T:35 pis
1:30 pm| *=M P^
* :30 am 8:00 am Sonoma. 9:15 am S:40am
and
¦ :13 pm 8:00 ptn Olen Ellea. 8:05 pm 8:S0pm'
7: JO ami 8:00 am! 110:40 am!lO:SJ am
8:30 pro I 6:C0 pm| Sebaitopol. I 7:3i pmj 8:» pm
Etaftes connect at Santa. Rosa for Mark West
Springs and White Sulphur Spring?; at Fulton
for Altruria: at Lytton for Lyttoa Springs: at.
Geyservllle for SkacKs Sprinss; at Clov«rdal»
for th* Geysers: at Horland for Duncaa
fiprlnrs. Highland Sprtn«, Kelsayvllla, Carls-
bad Springs. Soda Bar. Lakeport and Bartlett
Springs; at Ckiah for Vichy Sprtngrs. Sarttog*
Springs. Blue L«.k»«. Laurel Dell Lake. Witter
Springs. Upper Lake. Pomo, Potter "Valley.
John Day's. Riverside. LleTley*s. Bueknairs.
Banhedrin Heights, Hullvtlle. 01^1 Hot-
Bprlnts. Men*oclno City, Fort Bra??, . We«t-
port. Usal. WIHlta. LaytonTtlle. Cummins.
Eell's Springs. Harris. - Olsen's, Dyer. Bootl*
Saturday to Monday rcmnt\trt» tickets at
reduced rates.
On Sunday ronnd trip ticket! ts til potats
bevend San Rafael at half rates.
Ticket offices. «M Market St.. Chronlrte blJ*.
H. C WHITING. B. X. BTAS,
' General Msnasrer. Q-n. Pass. .Af*nt.__
ntorosALs.
OFFICE — III8 BROADWAY.
WOODLAND, Oct. 1— At an election held by
Company F to fill - a vacancy, caused . by the
resignation - of First Lieutenant Richard Wal-
lace, 1 Second Lieutenant Will Rawson was ad-
vanced and - Ernest Griffin was elected second
lieutenant, .
LAK3S «-rocra house, rurn!she3; modern: fine
location: reasonable; ether barr&isa at E_
E. BL'N'CE. 5E2 Broadway. *"
FURNISHED or UEfarr.libed house of 8 large
rooms and bath; sanitary plumbing- : lot 50x
130; central location. Apply M» ISth et.. Oakld.
jroe CASH. t< to monthly — 3-room cottage; new
bam; chlcker.- house; shed; fine well of water;
I large lots; picket fence; aasorted fruit trees
and shrubbery: rear electric car lines model
Echoolhouse. Town Hall. SO-foot boulevard-
situate tn Frultvid., adjoining East Oakland;
price in all I"i. Call or send for circular
455 Seventh et.. Oak ; ajjd; carriage free. H. Z
JONES, Owner.
Francin Hues, 88. Rio Vista, and Susan
Losrue, 38, city.
Edward J. Stanton, 22. 17A Sixth street, and
Matilda L. Daly. 17. U Holly street.
William P. Kaiser. 26, 935 Valencia street.
and Josephine Passet. 18. 1531H Mission street.
William A. Callaehan. 11. Rio Vista, aad
Mary T. Hazzard. 21. Rio Vista.
The following marriage licenses were Issued
yesterday:
Giuseppe Selmi, 23, 913 Fourteenth street, and
Irrca Paclnctti, 17, 913 Fourteenth street.
Dorastus R. Johnson. 6L Fortuna, and Lulu
Smith. 40. 121S Noe street.
Ernst Schraubstadter. 25. 1915 Pine street,
and Ella M. Westerf eld. ¦ 20. 1118 Turk street.
Leon G. Salomon, 24, city, and Rose T. Spll-
valo, 22. city.
Eric M. Cederstrom, SO, T50A Folsom street,
and Sueie Nelson, 2?. 343 Beale street.
Frank B. Balcome. 28. St. Paul. Minn., and
Anna M. Lutz. 20. city.
Walter R. Pease, 2S, 1000 Valencia street, and
Stella T. Lauterwasser, 22, P25 Capp street.
Louis Sinacek. 31. 1217 Mission street, and
Caroline Perirva. 28. 1217 Mission street.
A. Bernhard C. Dohrmann. 31, 1S15 Califor-
nia street, and Edith L. Bien, 24, 2920 Pacific
avenue.
William 'H. Turnbull. 22, 1403 Montgomery
street, and Mercedes Medina, 21. 17 Frank-
MARRIAGE LICENSES.
IS ACRES. 15 ACRES.
In FrultvaJe; worth. S15.000; «ubdlvlde<l Into
lots all around It; fine garden land; Increase in
value assured; owner called to Mexico; must
tell; cITer wanted.
LATMANCE REAL ESTATE CO..
4$0-4<2 Elsrhth St.. Oakland.
A BACRIFICE-JS509.
PROPOSALS for etone -wall— General depot.
Quartermaster's Department. SS New Mont-
gomery St.. San Francisco. October 1, 1900.
Sealed proposals will be received at this of-
fice until 11 o'clock a. m.. on November 1,
1900. and then opened, for construction of
stone walh along southern boundary of Mili-
tary Reservation. Presidio of San Francisco,
In accordance with plans and specifications
on file here, which can b« Been on applica-
tion. OSCAR F. LOXO, Major and Quarter-
master. U. S. Vbls.. Depot Quartermaster.
AN ESTATE.
JSSOO— Fine centrsJly located corner;'sood Im-
provements; producing JTOO per annum; bank
trrndser-.f-'. JM.OOO; Bortcigc $€000 can re-
main; locatlca will demonstrate to you it has
e.n assured future.
LAYMAXCE REAL ESTATE CO..
460-462 Eighth St.. Oakland.
DIVIDEND notice— The Giant Powder Com-
pany. Con. A dividend. No. 22, of Seventy-
flve Cents (75c) per share on the Issued
capital stock of the company has been de-
clared, payable at the office of the company,
420 California 6t.. San Francisco, on October
10, 1S0O. Transfer books close October 3, 1900,
at noon. A. A. SPARKS. Secretary. >
DIVIDEND NOTICES.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
XEW typewriters. Jj down, $5 month payments,
REVALK. 409 California St.
lin AL ESTATE — CITV—-FOR SALE. I
<T H. ilMHSEN St CO..
14 Montgomery Street.
AUCTION
AUCTION
AUCTION
M r.-jr Ealesrocm" MONDAY. October S. 1500. \
at 12 o'clock Nocn.
REFEREES' SALE.
Th* following riece of property, by order nf
HettTT P. Cmlrr*** 1 and Jacob Brownstone. ref- ;
j- eP 'v" Subject to confirmatlo-.i by the court:
at Piith tt. and 63-71-73 Harriet et. : impruve- j
r.jents consist cf store, lodging-house of IS \
rooms and S tenements; rents Jlal per month; !
i,t "ixiaj- double frontage.
EXECUTOR'S SALE.
Srei Twentieth et.. southeast corner Lexlnjrton |
avenue, between Mission and Valencia sis.;
lay-window residence of i rooms and bath:
lot UixiL. Subject to connrmation by the !
EXECUTOR'S SALE.
1S20-1CC0'n4 B*char.an «t., east line, near Pine: ]
I flats cf 4 and S rooms and bath each: rents j
J30 r*r month: lot !2:€xS2:6. Subject to con- (
f-rmation ¦ by the court.
EXECUTOR'S SALE.
Fourte»r.th St., eouth line, between Charch
end Sanchez ; choice building lot: Improve-
ment* thereon consist cf a stable renting for JS
per ir.cr.th: lot 25x1^5. Subject to confirmation !
I y the court.
CHOICE PINE-STREET FLATS.
2GB-20U P:re ft., eouth line, near Buchanan;
? fiats of 6 and 7 rooms and ba:h each; rents
$;C per month; lot :.'xl37:6.
WAREHOUSE SITE.
Siehth vt.. northeast line, between Bryar.t
srd Brannan: this large, desirable lot suitable
for either warehouse cr •t&blt rufP°' M ; lct '
C» ?x2T£.
PINE-STREET INVESTMENT.
6^5 Pme st.. south line, rear Stockton: lm-
r'wfm^nts consist of a fr.me residence: lot
% raS^ad-a^.*"business property.
10:4-1026 Railroad a\». between Twelfth ar.fl
•Thirteenth st*.; impnnmaitM consist .of store
» ith 6 rooms and flat above of 7 rooms; lot 2Sx
£¦? j 1 1 *v ular
MISSION BESHMEKCB LOTS.
Elrhteenth, Noe ar.d Hartford sts.; 21 choice
fcuildisc lets to he offered on very easy terms;
they are Er>r,<iW!y located in the warm belr
cf the Mission «nd cr.!y half a block from the
>?>*%&££<%££ gSSS»S& LOT.
C*«tro st. east line, between Fifteenth and
Sixteenth; choice building lot 25x100.
For further particulars apply at our office.
G. H. UMBSEN &. CO..
14 Montgomery St.
tOL CETZ A BROTHEK
BOOM 64. CHRONICLE BUILDING.
(Our New Office.)
Prlc«s of Ererythlng Have Risen.
Be*l Estate Values Are Sure to Follow.
Buy *> Lot Now at Our Low Prices.
CNLT rrC9-CORNERS J10CO-THINK OF IT!
Qraded Richmond lots en Sixth and Seventh
svc».. Bear Polat Lobos. on installments; oniy
* J«w xaor* to sell; secure one Quick.
BEATJTTFTL SUNSET LOTS-
ALL BARGAINS.
CM to t80»— Lots rra<Se<3. streets macadam-
¦jiefll sni>ert vle» ; protected from winds; no
er"tlnr sanfi: c?j>cstt* new music stand;
•pleofild car service; enly J10 taonthly.
m» tl«. fc» to $259— Nlneteenth-av«. lots
mJL^ totts Ooean boulevard; cne-third less
zJ^Mir valu»; ti cicsthly.
CJX ts KK— L«vel lots, clcee to Missies and
fSta l£axto ciecsrlc car lines; $5 monthly.
Breach office. Ninth ave. and H it.. Sunset;
crpes «very cay tni Sunday.
CStU £or Maps and Diagrams.
COL GET2 A BP.0THER,
(New Office) Hooa 14, Chronicle bulldlcr.
REAL CSTATE— COUXTRV — For Sale
ACCURATE p«T»oaal knowledr* — each of the
S000 ranches on my SALE and EXCHANGE
llet. More than all other ag-ents In this city.
N. D. t'ICKEL?, the land acent. 6 Geary st.
FOR SALE OR RENT— Flee fruit, sraln arid
stock ranch, 290 acre*, near bay. Address
H. P.. box tot. Call efftce.
REAL ESTATE TO EXCHANGE.
CITT prcperty and farms sold or exchanged:
lists free. MARION GRIFFIN. 718 Market, r.l.
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS.
ALAMEDA REAL ESTATE.
EAROAIX8 In Improved and unimproved Ala-
meda r»>al estate la all parti of Alameda on
easy terrr.s. Alameda Land Company, 1500
Park st.. Alameda: 20 Post et.. San Francisco.
ALAMKDA ROOMS AND BOARD.
TV ANTED— Gentleffixn and wif« to board;
tleasani home; near I'ark-st. eUtlon. 234
Alan-.e-la ave.
ROOMS TO LET — Furn. and Unfnrn.
BUSH. £» <ThT Ellc)^Chanced hands; newly
renovated, nicely furn. sunny rms.. JI 50 to $7
•week: 25c to SI 60 night. MRS. P. RAXFT.
CLEMENTINA. 3—2 Urge sunny rooms; key
upstalre. -
j;L.i jq is«9 3 nlcelv furnished sunny rooms.
v. ith cas," nhor.e and use of piano if required;
l*ath: reasonable.
FIFTH? S36— To let. 4 nicely furnished rooms;
ohtar. % \
FOI-SOM ?f;. cor. 6th <The OU\-er)— Xew rur-
r.lehed f unr.y rms. single or suites: reasonable.
FOCUTH. 2i">— Xlce front room, suitable for 2,
alto Kir.ffle rooms.
GE^RY. *t>z iThe Navarre)— Elegantly furnished
rras.: suites or single; travelers accommodatd.
GRAND SOUTHERN, southeast corner Seventh
(,n<t M:«inn sts.— f-unny rooms, en suite or
Fir.clf : lades' rarlnr: reading-room: elevator.
JONES. 910— Large sunny front suite and also
?lr.sk- room r.ewly furnished.
LACUNA. SSL bet. Urtlon and Green— Nice
tur.ny front room, with or without "board;
reasonable to right party. <-."..-*
LARKIN*. 707. near Ellis— Large newly fur-
nished rooms: bath; single or suite; prlv. fam.
LAP PALMAS. ISM Market et.— Suite of 2 or 3
rms.: private: bath: sin. rms.: board optional. ,
MCALLISTER. 1302— Nicely furnished light
room: rent J5.
MINNA, €67, cor. Eighth— New furnished bay-
window room. 11 per week: transient.
NEW ARLINGTON. 1915 Market St.— Nicely
furnished rooms, J2 a week up; 35c a day up.
OFARP.ELL, !0— Sunny furnished rooms and
offices: elevator: electric lights: day, wk.. mo.
O' FARRELL. 504— Furnished rooms from $7 up;
1 suite for llffht housekeeping.
ROPHDALE House. 313 and SI1 Ellis St.— Rooms,
right tic to II. week SI 25 to $4; open night.
EOTAL House. 126 Ellis st.— Incandescent light;
reading room, smoking room and ladies' par-
lcr; rooms, per night. Kc to }1 50; week. $2 to
JS; month JS to KO: elevator on ground floor;
rooms with hot and co'.d water: baths.
SHERMAN Apartirent House, 28 Eighth et..
near Market— Furnished or unfurnished.
i THIRD, 419. cor. Perry— 5 nice newly furnished
1 fwny room?; corner flat: bay-windows, nj;**
I CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
: received at Call branch office. 2100 Fillmore st.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
rubscriptiens has been established at 10S6
Valencia st.
ROOMS AM) BOARD.
ROOMS and board at 2U2 San Antonio ave.,
Alameda.
BOARD and rooms at 415 First St.. near Har-
rison.
ROOMS WANTED.
GERMAN gentleman desires to rent comfort-
able room from Oerman widow or ladies;
North. Beach preferred; state particulars
Box 2^1, Call office."
SPECIAL NOTICES.
LADIES — Chichester's English Pennyroyal Pills
are the best: safe, reliable: take no other:
send 4c Ftamps for particulars; "Relief for
Ladles" In letter by return mail: at rlniR-
glsts. Chichf'ter Chemical Co.. Phlladel.. Pa.
BAD tenants ejected for $4: collections made;
city o r country. PACIFIC COLLECTION CO..
413 Montjromerj* St., rooms 9-10; tel. 55S0.
I ROOMS papered from $2 60; whitened, {1 up;
I painting done. Hartman Paint Co.. 819 Third.
CHEAPEST and best In America— The Weekly
Call. 16 pai?es, sent to. any address In the
• TTnit**! States or Canada one year for $1.
J SEWIXG' 3IACHIXES AXD SUPPLIES.
j ALL kinds bought, sold, rented, exchanred; re-
pairing lowest rates; open even. 205 Fourth.
1 ¦
; BOUGHT, sold, rented, repaired; needles and
I ehuttlei; reduced rates. 11j 6th; phone Mint 45.
I ALL kinds sought, sold and repairing guaran-
' teed. Charles Plambeck. 1915 Mission, nr. 15th.
STORAGE AXD WAREHOUSES.
I BEKINS Van and Storage Co., 722 Mission st.;
tel. Main 1S40: shipping at cut rates.
' WILSOX BROS., storage and moving: covered
I vans. Tenth and Market; phone South 762.
I PACIFIC Storape and Furniture Moving Com-
J i any. 2320 Fillmore St.; phone Jackson 2SL
TYPEWRITERS A.VD SUPPLIES,
I GRE^^AROAINT^TWE^VVRITERS-We
! i-ell better machines for less money than any
i house in the city; rentals, $3. The Typewriter
Exchange. RT6 California; telephone Main 166.
! ALWAYS bargains In typewriters; any make.
i Write for prices to L. & M. ALEXANDER,
[ 110 Montgomery Et.
><orTlir.llM i*««-|»'l<: ronPAST,
IMtim: .«v*tbm.)
Train* IfBir mill nrtt «!»•• In nrrli «• *%
huh ritAN«'i»ro.
(Main Line. Foot »f .\iark-< Street.)
lk»te — Frou October 1. 19C3. — iitc^i
*?:OOa Efiiicia, SnUau, ETisIra, Y&caTiHe,
RumseT anil .->*craiuei>t<> *~:\.,t
•7i«»Oa Shasta Express— Ua»ls. Williams (f or
Harriett Springs). Wiliuwa, Ueu
Bluff. J»«Mt~%mL "TsISp
•T:UO« M»r-.inex. .->*:> K.tim>n,Vallejo. >"ap».
CalHK'J* a»nl Haiitt Uusa "fltISp
¦8:OOa Davis. Woodland. Knights Landing,
.M »rj8» ;; le. i mnillf. '. .. »7: 13 r
• *tO»* Atlantic K 1 press— Okc1«m» ami East *13:t.~>p
•8<*o 4 Nilar. Tracy. lAthrop, Stockton •'.•: 1 .1 a
•Hi3tt* Hun Juae, Litcrmorr, ntucxtim.
I<>ne. .SacramniCo. PUcrrTille,
M»r)if i!U\ «;hico. Kf.l I'.iuir ¦l:lt r
•*s3»A Oakdalr, Chinese. ?*o>ior». Carton... »»:1.1p
•!•:«!«« UajwMils. KUM ami Way BHIkl— . *l 1:15*
*«:UOa Ixxi Angeles HipreM — M»rt.iiir*.
Tracy, l.aUir»p, ivocklna, ALro-u
i-.C-iU Fresno and Los AsgeltS *7:I-V
•D:30.t ValMo. M*riln«t an.t Way 8l«tfon* •!>:l.lr
•I«:UO* Tb« O»erl mil Li-fi-.d— OgJeu. Deo-
tct. Omaha. Chicago # «:43r
*1 1:OOa 2iUr«. Stockton. >.ior*m-ut", Men-
iloU. Frrsncv ilaaforJ. VtaUia,
Fortertille Mil3f
•II :00a LJTermcre. Sacger. Goahen Junc-
tion. B*kersneid. Lo« Aojeles... ..
•I :>:•«»• lU;nucii. mu» »m.I Way stations. *arlS?
tl:«or Maciainsutn l:i,pr ,S;**mer« t3i4»u«
•2:Ol>)p MajwarcU, Kilra and Way Stations. *9**»t
•ItiMir Martiuex, San lUiinm. V.illejo,
Nairn. i:«li»i"i!*. HaiiU Koia...... ¦Vil-I*
•IitMir If-nici*. Winters. Haeramonto.
W t >...IIi«ii.!, Ki.ijita Jjuidluz.
MUryitrUip, Diuilil* *l*:t!»A
•liUOp Mies. Sau. l>.«9 ami .Stucktou *?>IAp
•3;OOrTbe Owl UmiUd— Tracy, Fresno.
BaVenBeld. Haajus fur dauU Oar-
bara. l*s Augsles. »1>»:I»«
•»¦••!• Stockton »»i43a
•3:Oor Now OrU-aat Kxvnm— llakenltsld.
Haiita llarliara, Loa Anf«l«a. Deta-
in?, El PaM, Hew Orleans and
East •7«*'»»
•Otoor Ilaywaida. Nile* and Saa Joso •7i|-»*
tOiOUr Vallejn M»il»r
•«sO»r Oriental Mail— Ogden,. Cheyenne.
Omaha, Cbtcaco .'ltrtSr
*O:OOr Oriental Malt— Ofdeo, Deafer,
Omaba. Chiew. # 4i!.1i>
•7:«0f Nile*. Tracy, Lathrop. Stockton.... »iail3p
•7iOOr-<)rr K .u. »iU California i;»irr«.«*a-
>aiu«nl». Murjmille. Iteiliilng.
I'mtlaii.t. 1'iigat Houml and Kaat *S«4Sa
J"iO.Tr Vallrje. Fort t.'cita and Way Hta-
tioui tll'O*?
COAST DIVISION (XarroiT <i*iue).
(Foot of Unrket atreat.t
*8iI3a NewaxIc.C'eiiterTillif.San Jon.rpltOD.
Bouldar Cre»k.8anta dux and Way
SUtlous ••••Of
1 2t I .Tr Nswuk C>» ter»!!!e. San Joia, N«w .
Aim* leu. Falton, lieu! (tor Creek,
Santa Cnu aad Vrinolpal Way -
Stations f •••'»«»
•4i1.1f Newark. Han Joss, Loa Gatoi "SiAOa
ali:*3r H;jnt«rs' Ezenzsion, Saa Jc»» and
Way Stations {7r«»T
CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
rr*msm rstieiseo— r«*t »r v>rai sin«t(S!iat) —
-7:15 BOO 11:00A.M. 11:33 *2:C3 tI:U
•1:63 J3:C3 *S::Cr.ii.
riiaOmiSS— NilifBroiliMT.— *«;0O 0:09 10:00*. M.
t!2:C3 "1:03 »:C3 *3:S3 tl:C3 *3:C3f.ii;
COAST IMTISHM (ISroaii liHBgo).
( Thlr.1 ai ¦* Town»eii«l SU.)
(OiIOa Ocean View, South Han FrtDclseo.. t«ta«»p
*7>OO« 8au Jov* iuiiI '.7ay Stakldim (Now
Ahnadai- Weiliieidajt only) *I:3(>r
•UtOO. Han Joa«. Trea Pino*. HanU Cms.
raotlio Umi», l'aan Ituhles. 8an
l.nl* < >>.i«).i>. .Surf. Lompoo and
rrtticl|>iU Way Station* M:l»r
•losing H«n Jixe ami Way .Stations ¦Mil
•I ItlOA Hail Joae aii<l W»- Station* ....:... *3:3D>
t'li l»r San Matro. Uedwooil. Menlo Park. '
Palo Alto. Hanta Clara. .San .!•«•.
Trea Plnoa. Santa V.t-x, Salinas.
Uonteni sml I'acilic ()ru*« |I*»**A
\UMr s»a.Ji.«e*mi Way .Statfun* *7:3Up
tl:l^fS*ii J.uean.l Trinclpal Way Stations •»:««
fSioopgAii Joae,. Los Gatos and Principal
Way HUtlons <!»:««»»
•li:i»p 8an.li»« anil PHDCii>a! Way Station* *«:S5»
•Hi:il>r San .Tnae and Way .•itati.»n« ?•»:•»»«
Hl:»."ir San Ji •- mil W.ty .-Station* •1:3i»i-
A for Morning !' f.ir Afternoon.
•Daily. f -ittii'lar "teepted. ! Munday only.
3i»»turdji_og!j.
BJLTXKOAD TKAVZL.
Hanify. Mary * Rodriguez. Trinidad
Hubbard. Mrs. Ftan- Ruhser. Christine
ces J. Slsto. Joseph
Johnson. Mrs. S. Thompson. Walter £.
Krohn, Gustave A. Valerro, Mary
Leech. Reuben , Waters. John
Llske. Catherine Whelan, Peter I.
McDermott. Thomas
BEIX— In this city, October 3, 1900, Dorathea
Bein. belcved wife of the late Philip Bein,
mother of Louis P. Bein, and sister of Mrs.
C. H. Werner and Casper Becker, a native of
Germany, seed C5 years.
BUOWN— In East Oakland. September 27, 1900.
Isabel c. dearly beloved ; wife of John F.
Brown, aged 30 years 4 months and 23 days.
ETThe funeral will take plaVe this day
(Thursday), at 11:30 o'clock, from the under-
taking parlors of Albert Brown. 466 Thirteenth
street, Oakland.
CALLAGHAN— In this city, October 3, 1900,
Ellen, relict of the late Patrick Callashan,
find aunt of Thomas Gibson, a native of
County Westmeath, Ireland.
HryFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Friday), at 8:30 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence. 3317 Seventeenth street, thencs to Mis-
sion Dolores Church, where a requiem high
mass will be celebrated for the repose of, her
soul, commencing at 9 o'clock. Interment
Mount Calvary Cemetery.
DALY— In this city. October 2, 1D00, Flossie G.,
beloved daughter of Kate C. and the late
James Daly, beloved niece of Annie A. and
the late P. Carney, a native of San Fran-
cisco, aged 15 years and 8 days.
(C7"The funeral wilt take place this day
(Thursday), at 9 o'clock, from the residence
of her aunt, 1613 Church street, thence to
Ft. Paul's Church, where a requiem mass
will be celebrated for the repose of her soul,
commencing at 9:30 o'clock. Interment
private in Holy Cross Cemetery-
DHUE— In this city. October 2. 1900, Edward,
beloved brother of John Dhue and the late
Mrs. Mary Lennon, a native of Roscommon,
Ireland, aged 60 years.
CTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Thursday), at 9 o'clock, from the parlors of
James McMenomey & Son. 1057 Mission street,
near Seventh, thence to St. Patrick's Church,
where a requiem high mass will be celebrated
for the repose of his soul, commencing- at 9:30
o'clock. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
DOYLE— In this city, October 3, 1900, Infant '
son of Thomas H. and Emily L. Doyle, a na-
tive of San Francisco, aged 6 days.
FRANCES— In the City and County Hospital,
October 3, 1300, James Frances, a native of
Georgia.
HAGERTY— In this city, October 3, 1900. James
j H., infant eon of James W. and Susan, Hag-
I erty, a native of San Francisco, aged 4
months and 27 days.
HANIFY— In this city, October 3, 1300. Mary,
beloved wife of the late Michael Hanify, and
mother of Mary and Kitty Hanify and Mrs.
W. S. Morrison, a natlv* of County Galway, >
Ireland, aged 63 years 11 months and 19 days, j
tC7"The funeral will take place to-morrow
(Friday), at 8:30 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 200 Franklin street, thence to St.
•Marj's Cathedral, where a low requiem mass
will be celebrated for the repose of her soul,
• commencing at 9 o'clock. Interment private.
Mount Calvary Cemetery.
HUBBARD-In this city. October 2. 1900. Mrs.
Frances J. Hubbard, a native of Maine, aged
75 years and 5 months.
JOHNSON-In thlo city, October 3, 1300, Mrs. S.
Johnson, a native of Ireland.
KROHN— In Victor. Colo.. September 27, 1900.
Gustave A., de.lrly beloved son ol Mrs. Julia
M. Krohn, and dearly beloved brother of Maud,
Theodore, Theresa and Hans I\rohn, a na-
tive of San Francisco, aged 23 years 1 month
and 11 days.
C3Trlen<ls and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Thursday), at 1:30 o'clock, from the homo
of his mother, 1(517 Baker street. Interment
National Cemetery.
LEECH— In Grass Valley. OctobeT 1. 1900. Reu-
ben Leech, a native of New York State, aged
C7 years S months and IS days. i
LISKE— In this city. October 2, 1900, Cath-
erine, beloved wife of Hermann Llske, a na-
tive of New York, aged 61 years. (New York
pepers please copy.)
C"""" Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Thursday), at 10 o'clock, from the parlors of
Halsted & Co., 946 Mission street. Interment
Holy Cross Cemetery, by carriage.
McDERMOTT— In this city. October 1. 1900.
Thomas McDermott, a native of Maine, aged
€1 years.
[TTTriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral thi3 day
(Thursday), at 10 o'clock, from the parlors
of the Pacific Undertakers. 777 Mission street,
thence to St. Patrick's Church for services.
Interment Holy Cross Cemetery. v la 11:30
o'clock train from Third and Townsend
streets.
MAYER— In this city, October 2. 1900, Corlnne
A., dearly beloved and only daughter of Fred
and May Mayer, a native of Oakland, aged 9
years and 2 months.
dTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Friday), at 1:30 o'clock, from the residence
of her mother, 153 Ninth street, between Mis-
sion and Howard. Interment Cypress Lawn
Cornetery.
MEYER— In this city. October J. 1900. Joseph
L Meyer, beloved husband of Mathilde Meyer,
a native of France, aged 43 years and 8
months.
CTFrlendB and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Friday), at 2 o'clock, from the parlors of
J. S. Godeau, 305 Montgomery avenue. In-
terment Laurel Hill Cemetery.
MILLER— In this city. October 2. 1900. at 515
Van Ness avenue. Hazel Amelia, beloved
daughter of J. B. and Xellie F. Miller, and
rister of Henry B. Miller, a native of San
Francisco, aged 11 years 2 months and 12
days.
K7 Funeral and Interment private. Please
omit flowers.
MOHR— In Bethany, Cal.. September 2S, 1900.
Mrs. R. Mohr, beloved wife of John Mohr. a
native of Germany, aged 82 years and 3
months.
MURPHY— In this city. October 2. 1900. Cath-
.erine, beloved wife of Captain Frank Mur-
phy, a native of Kenvera, County Galway.
Ireland, aged 63 years 9 months and 1 day.
C7"Frlends are respectfully invited to at-
tend the funeral this day (Thursday), at
9:30 o'clock, from her late residence, 1905
Dupont street, thence to St. Francis Church,
where services will be held, commencing
at 10 o'clock. Interment Holy Cross Ceme-
tery, fcy electric funeral car from Eighteenth
and Guerrero streets. Please omit flowers
O'BRIEN— In this city. October 2. 1900, Gerald
I., son of tho late J. J. and Mary O'Brien,
a native of San Francisco, aged 24 years.
CyThe funeral will take place this day
(Thursday), from 1417 Geary street, -thence
to St. Mary's Cathedral, where a requiem
mass will be said for the repose of his soul,
commencing at 9:30 o'clock. Interment Mount
Calvary Cemetery.
OGDEN— In this city. October *, 1900, Richard
L, beloved husband of Isabel P. Ogden, and
father of Mrs. R. H. Pease and Mrs. S. L.
Abbott Jr. (New York papers please copy.)
tCX Services will be- held to-morrow (Fri-
day), at 2 o'clock, at 2600 Pacific avenue. In-
terment rrlvate.
O'KEEFE— In this city. October 2. 1900, John
P., beloved husband of the late Annie
O'Keefe, and devoted father of John, Mar-
garet and Annie O'Keefe and Mrs. J. Yowel
of Fan Jose, a native of County Cork. Ire-
land, aged 56 years. A member of Golden
West Lodpe No. 264, A. O. U. W.
t£T Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Friday), at 9:30 o'clock, from his late resi-.
dence, 114 West Mission street, thence to St.
Joseph's Church, where a requiem high mass
will be celebrated for the repose of his soul
at 10 o'clock. Interment Holy Cross Ceme-
tery.
RODRIGUEZ— In Oakland. October 8. 1900.
Trinidad C. Rodriguez, beloved mother of
Joseph, Trinidad and Alviza Rodriguez, Mrs.
Theresa Davilla and Mrs. H. Rlttner, a na-
tive of Mexico, aged 65 years.
RUHSER— In this city. October 1, 1900, Chris-
tine, beloved wife of F. William Ruhser, and
mother of F. William Jr. and Willie F.
Ruhser, a native of Holstein, Germany, aged
63 years and 7 months.
|C7Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully -invited- to attend the funeral this day
(Thursday), af 1:30 o'clock, from the parlors
of H. F. Suhr & Co., 1137 Mission street, be-
tween Seventh and Eighth. Interment
Cypress. Lawn Cemetery', by carriage. .
SISTO— In this city, October 3. 1900, Joseph
Slsto, a native of Sicily, aged S4 years.
THOMPSON— In Berkeley. October 2. 1900. Wal-
ter Krlck. beloved son of Erick and Christina
Thompson, a native of Berkeley, aged 5 years
1 month and 26 days.
VALERRO— In this city. October 3. 1900, Mary
Valerro. beloved daughter, of - the late Mary
and Louis Valerro, and sister of Rose and
Louis Valerro, a native of San Francisco. :. ¦¦
E7"The funeral will take place this day
(Thursday), at 2 o'clock, from the parlors of
Charles J. B. Metzler, 636 Washington street.
Interment private. Mount Calvary Cemetery.
WATERS— In this city, October 1. 1900. John,
dearly beloved husband of Bridget Waters,
and father of Thomas, Josephine. Katharine
and John Waters and Mrs. M. Maytes, and
brother of the late Martin Waters, a native
of the parish of Drumcllfte. County Sllgo
Ireland, aged 65 years. .
(CT'Friends and acquaintances , are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Thursday), at 2 o'clock, from the parlors of
Valente. Marini & Co., 1524 Stockton- street,
between Green and Union. Interment Mount
Calvary Cemetery.
WHELAN-In this city, October 3. 1900. Peter
I., beloved son of Susan and the late John
Whelan. and brother of Madge. John and
Carrie Whelan. a native of San Francisco,
ased 25 years. *
(ETFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Friday), at 9:30 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 1516 Eddy street, thence to Holy Cross
Church, Eddy street, near Scott/, where a
solemn requiem high mars will be celebrated
for the repose of his soul, commencing at W
o'clock. Interment Mount, Calvary Cemetery.
OAKLAND REAL ESTATE.RIVAL, CARMENS AT THE TIV
OLI AND THE CALIFORNIA
THEATER.
The varied bills of the two opera com
panies at the Tivoli Opera-house and Cal
ifornia Theater are creating much inter
est among the mujic lovers. "Traviata,"
so well given on Tuesday evening at the
California, will be repeated to-night, and
at the Tivoli the fine production of the
"Huguenots" will be given again. To
morrow evening "Faust" will be the bill
at both houses and on Saturday "Car
men" and the "Huguenots" at the Tivoli
and "Carmen" and "Trovatore" at the
California will be the bill.
Both women are fair to look upon and
easily hold the eye while they are upon
the stage by their physical beauty alone.
Tivoli Carmen's case. In the Spanish
dance, where the opportunity to out-Car
men Carmen occurs, it rather happens
that way with Miss Graham, a slight
overstepping of the limits of the inevit
able suggestion of the part. And the
voice, sweet and rich as it is, does not—
again the Anglo-Saxon— lend itself to the
emotional coloring of the moment. §he
has her moments of depth,- but the con
ception lacks the vivid, elemental energy
of the California's Carmen, and it Is sub
mitted that It Is an Inherent hemispheral
difference of temperament. {
saloons and dance houses that have for
years flourished in the district known as
the old Barbary Coast. We have received
strict orders to keep close watch on all
the drinking houses and dives that are
situated ln the district, and If any dis
turbance occurs we are expected to re
port it at once to the captain in charge
of that section of the city. If the pro
prietor fails to satisfactorily explain the
matter he is to be complained of to the
Police Commission and his license will be
promptly revoked."
The new Barbary Coast will be along
Pacific and Jackson streets, from Mason
to Sansome. The men who ask for li
censes to conduct saloons in the district
will be warned that the first case of rob
bery or any serious disturbance which
happens in their places will be sufficient
grounds for the Commissioners to revoke
their licenses. Furthermore, the new
Barbary Coast will be under constant po
lice surveillance. To-day every saloon
keeper along the lower end of Kearny
street will be notified that as soon as his
license expires he will have to move to
the new district Or get out of the busi
ness, i
Hereafter the saloon - keepers along
Kearny street, from Washington to Pa
cific, will be refused a renewal of their
licenses. Chief of Police Sullivan is de
termined to either force them out of
business or compel them to seek places
in the district to be known as the' new
Barbary Coast. Many of the saloon
keepers who are affected by the sweeping
order of the head of the department are
seriously thinking of taking the matter
into the courts. They argue that by
forcing them out of business the Chief
is depriving them of their means of
a livelihood. Notwithstanding their pro
testations and entreaties Sullivan firmly
declares that he will rid Kearny street
in the vicinity of the Hall of Justice of
saloons. He is particularly opposed to
the dance halls that flourish along the
street and will prevent the proprietors
receiving renewals of their licenses if he
can. More than fifty saloons and dance
halls will have to close unless the Chief
recedes from his present position.
One of Sullivan's subordinates, in speak
ing about the matter yesterday, said:
"The Chief is determined to close all
New "Barbary Coast" Has Been Laid Off
and Thither Owners Must Trek.
LOWER KEARNY STREET
SALOONS TO BE CLOSED
Oalveston Fair.
To be • given to-day at 1144 O'Farrell street
Given by Maybelle. Rosenthal. Hazel Cohn'and
_olUe Lewis. Admission 6c - - - - -¦ - - • ¦¦ •
Two Ladies Injured.
Mrs. F. H. Young, residing: at 144 South
Park, and Miss A. Cassldy of 605 Post
street fell from a car of the San Mateo
JirXf- 1 c £enery and Thirtieth streets last
night and received slight injuries. After
be mj treated by Dr. Baumeister "they were
2fiE e S 1° l ll elr h ?, me3 ln a carriage fur
nished by the railroad company.
Poolsellers May Escape.
An appeal from the judgment of the
Police Court finding Harry Corbett. Wal
ter Mclnerney and John D alley guilty of
violating the anti-poolselling ordinance for
accepting a bet in this city and placing
the same in the San Jose poolrooms was
argued before Judges Lawlor and Cook
yesterday. After argument the court In
timated that as the transaction com
plained of was in fact .consummated in
San Jose the local ordinance had not been
violated.. The District Attorney was
given an opportunity, however, to file
volved governing the Issues in-
Alex«nder C. Forsyth, at one time con
nected with the management of H. S.
Crocker & Co.. was made the defendant
in an action for divorce filed yesterday
by Josephine M. Forsyth. Mrs. Forsyth
makes many charges of cruelty against
her husband, in addition to the allega
tions that he is dissipated and willful in
his neglect of her.
Mrs. Forsyth, who resides at 1324 Ful
ton street, sayjs she married her husband
January 24, 1SS4. In February of this
year, she continues, he proceeded to
wreck the household furniture and con
cluded the episode by throwing a chair
at his wife's sister. • In April last, it is
alleged, Forsyth knocked down a door
and threatened to kill his family. In
July, it is claimed, he took a kettle and
after breaking various articles of furni
ture with the same smashed it into frag
ments.
Mrs. Forsyth says her husband has 640
acres of land in Mendocino County, 640
acres Jn Kern County, property in Berke
ley and 100 shares of the capital stock of
the H. S. Crocker Company. She asks that
her husband be restrained from disposing
of this property until her rights have been
determined by the court. Forsyth was
served with the papers and will prepare
his defense.
Lena M. Pyle was granted a divorce
from George S. Pyle yesterday on the
ground of willful neglect. Isidor Sanger
has been granted a divorce from Katie
Sanger on the ground of infidelity., Jo
hanna Chamberlairf has been granted her
petition for a divorce from Ferdinand
Chamberlain. The decree was issued on
the ground of neglect. ¦
Suits for divorce have been filed by J.
F. Fleming against Mary Fleming for in
temperance, Anita- C. Avery against Rus
sell Avery for cruelty. Elvira W. Friant
against Alfred E. Friant for infidelity.
Lulu Oat against William B. Oat for fail
ure to provide, Mrs. ¦V. R. Brice against
R. A. Brice for cruelty. Tony Del Monto
against Ella Del • Monte for desertion.
She Charges Cruelty and
Intemperance — Others
Seek Freedom.
FORSYTH'S WIFE
SEEKING DIVORCE
Killed by Drink.
John Brannan, a laborer, 27 years old,
expired suddenly at a quarter-past 7
o'clock yesterday morning in front of 2H
Tenth street. He was walking along th^
sidewalk and fell to the ground suddenly.
Bystanders hastened to his assistance,
but he was dead before they reached him>
An autopsy at the Morgue showed that
cirrhosis of the liver was the cause of
death. Brannan had been drinking heav
ily for several days before his death. }
Says Rauer Interferes.
The Hibernia Savings and Loan Society
has filed an affidavit in the Leon H. Coch
ran foreclosure proceedings, in which J.
J. Rauer and his clerk, A. Boyer, are
charged with uniting with defendants in
foreclosure proceedings and waging tech
nical defense to the bajik's efforts to fore-
Ella F. Murray's account as special ad
ministratrix of the estate of her deceased
me .er, Almira S. Townsend, was settled
by Judge Troutt yesterday. Mrs. Murray
was allowed $1250 commissions as com
pensation for her services.
Ella F, Murray Compensated.
United States Circuit Court for damages
amounting to half a million dollars, the
plaintiff being the United States Consoli
dated Seeded Raisin Company, and the de
fendants being the Phenix Raisin Seeding
and Packing Company, Cooper Packers
Association, Seropian Brothers, A. L.
Hobbs & Co., Bonner Vineyard Company
and the St. George Vineyard Company.
The suits are brought to recover roy
alty and damages for the alleged infringe
ment of patent on raisin-seeding ma
chines. The plaintiff claims to own the
Forsyth, La Due and Pettit patents and is
charging a royalty of one-eighth of 1 cent
per pound for all raisins seeded by their
process. Eight hundred carloads of seed
ed raisins were shipped from Fresno last
year and it is expected that 1000 carloads
will be the output for the present season.
John H. Miller is attorney for the plain
tiff.
Suits Against Fresno Raisin Packers
for Alleged Infringements of a
Patent Seeder.
Ten suits —ere filed yesterday In. the
HALF A MlLlilON IS
ASKED FOR ROYALTY
close mortgages held by It. This action,
the bank people claim. Is naught but an
attempt t-o evade contracts made In good
faith.
O'Neill saw the Chinaman steal be
hind the woman and snatch a couple of
diamond pins from her hair. He was
locked up on a charge of robbery.
Ah Chew, a notorious Chinese thief, was
arrested last night in the act of robbing
a Chinese woman. The arrest was made
by Special Policemen Timothy O'Neill and
Samuel Daggett.
Chinese Thief Caught.
For Convenience of Passengers
An office has been established in the Oak
land ferry depot, on the ground floor in
the center of the building, where passen
gers can leave their baggage checks,
thereby saving in the transfer of their
baggage, our rates being lower. Don't
give up your checks on the trains. Mor
ton Special Delivery,' 40S Taylor street and
G50 Market street. •
Yesterday was the great day of the Jew
ish year." All the . synagogues were
thronged and services; were continuous
from early in the morning until the going
down of the sun marked the close of the
holiday. The business houses of all ortho
dox Jews were closed, and in the stricter
families neither meat nor drink passed
the lips of any one from sundown of Tues
day until sundown of yesterday.
In the synagogues the services were
most elaborate. The choirs had been aug
mented and in all special attention had
been given to make the musical portion
of the service as beautiful and Impressive
as possible. In the Temple Emanu-El on
Sutter street the organ was supplemented
by a stringed orchestra, including a harp,
on which was rendered one of the solos
during the day.
The services were divided into four
parts; the morning service, the additional
service, the afternoon service and the
concluding service. Included in these,
generally in the morning service, was a
memorial service in which the names of
the deceased relatives and friends of "the
members of the congregations and the
deceased members of the congregations,
were read from the altars and prayers
wei# offered for the pardon of their sins
and the repose of their souls.
In the Temple Emanu-El the subject of
Rabbi Voorsanger'-s principal sermon was
"A Historical Account of the Day of
Atonement." It was more than an ac
count of the origin of the day; it was an
analysis of its meaning and of the bless
ings which it carried to the truly penitent
and faithful.
In the Geary-street Temple Rabbi M. S
Levy spoke first on the story of the death
of David's child, and the deep significance
of David's words when he said he would
go unto the child since the child would
not return to him. In the afternoon Rabbi
Levy spoke on the subject, "The Day, Is
Waning; the Sun Is About to Set and the
Gates Are Still Open." He drew from his
subject the thought that, though time is
always short, still it is not too late to re
pent, and if the .gates of pardon are
sought they will not be found closed.
In the other synagogues sermons on sim
ilar appropriate subjects were delivered
the burden of them all being that by true
repentence only may atonement of sins
be found, and that God's mercy is infinite
and his forgiveness is awaiting all those
who earnestly and humbly seek it
Beautiful and Impressive Services
Lasting From Early in the
Morning Until After
Sunset.
Celebration of the Day of
Atonement in All the
Synagogues.
REPENTANT THEY
KNELT IN PRAYER
Durphy was arrested in Eureka .last
Monday and the case is now pending in
the courts of that city. Mrs. Margaret
Durphy, the wife whom he left eighteen
years ago, is the prosecuting witness.
Mrs. Bradley Francis Durphy Xo. 2 prom
ises to stir things up generally and so do
all connected with the case. Durphy oc
cupies an unpleasant position, as both the
ladies now declare war on him. Eighteen
years of waiting has turned Margaret
Durphy's love to gall and she and Mrs.
Bates promise to put up a good claim to
the man who left home, made a fortune
and forgot to come home to spend it.
But Whitman's streets have never
since felt the Durphy tread, and hope
grew pale and died in the hearts of Dui
phy's relatives. Now comes the Eureka
arrest, and the charge of blackmail.
In about two weeks he came and went
to the house where his daughter was
staying. As she was not there he left a
note for her to call at the Grand Hotel.
They met there, and after persuading her
to keep silent Durphy sent her back to
Boston, promising soon to join her.
Reuben H. Lloyd, however, whom Mrs.
Bates had retained as her attorney, com
bated her acceptance of her father's In
vitation, knowing that he would return,
as his Interests are all located here.
In October Lucas informed Durphy's
daughter that her father had been found.
Mrs. Bates arrived in San Francisco a
month later. In the meantime Durphy
was flying eastward to meet her. When
he arrived at Boston he learned that they
had passed somewhere in the middle of
the continent, and wired to this city for
Mrs. Bates to return to Boston and he
would rejoin his family and explain
everything. •
Lucas says that he located Durphy and
got him to acknowledge that it was he
who under the name of Reedwood took
bulletins of his own worldly estate to
Whitman, his object in masquerading be
ine to ascertain if he would be welcome.
requesting his professional assistance in
establishing the identity of Reedwood.
Catherine Bowie against James Bowie
for failure to provide. Bernhard Doettger
against Emma Doettger for intemper
ance, Mary E. Dempsey against Thomas
J. Dempsey for failure to provide, Sarah
Anne McGee against Joseph McGee for
desertion, and Mary A. Maher against
William E. Maher on statutory grounds.
With Frances Graham it Is different.
When the Anglo-Saxon permits to him
or herself any contact with vulgarity the
natural heavy-handedness of the creature
almost always leads to an overdoing of
the part, and it Is 'somewhat so in the
She is the frank animal of the Prosper
Merimee story, with all the infinite charm
and suggestion, and one can immediately
conceive that to Don Jose she is more
than a passion— she is an obsession. It
must be so.
.t. .•.
ian abandonment, with all the exquisite
"simpatica" of her j velvety voice and
her dance is a thing of beaut". •
THAT "comparisons are odious."
"comparisons are not criticism."
are commonplaces among the com
pared and criticized, but that com
parisons are also interesting— if
commonly unjust— is acknowledged by all
those with the envied opportunity to make
them.
/ An almost unique opportunity for com
parison exists this week in town for the
enthusiastic opera-goer and one of which
he has amply availed himself so far la
the coincident productions of "Carmen"
now being given by the two opera com
panies at the California Theater and the
Tivoll Opera-house.
The Interest, of course, centers In the
fascinating figure of the beautiful, pas
sionate, lawless Spanish gypsy and her
two interpreters. ! Estefanla Collamarinl
and Frances Graham, and there's a who»e
wide continent between them. The Col
lamarinl, with her supple, wheedling, in
sinuating voice, her utmost grace of ap
propriate gesture, her exquisitely pictur
esque garb, her superb Impertinence of
empire, her splendid reach into elemental
passions in the tragedy of the last act.
recalls the gTeat Carmens of the stage —
Calve, De Lussan and what not. She
plays and sings the part with all the Ital-
QUEER ROMANCE
OF BOSTON AND
SAN FRANCISCO
Eighteen Year3 Elapses Be
tween Durphy's Visits
Home.
with one startling diff^rer.ce— she ca'd
that of course she was too young when
her mother was deserted to recollect
Durphy's appearance, but from things he
had mentioned and from events long dor
mant In ' the village memories which he
had recalled, she felt sure that Reedwood
was none other than Bradley Francis
Durphy. h^r father.
Soon after this interview a letter
reached Detective Lucas of San Fran
cisco from Detective Woods of Boston
promoter, was arrested the other day In
Eureka on complaint of a woman claim
ing to be his wife. Marparet E. Durphy of
Massachusetts, who alleged that he was
living with another wife without having
gone through the formality of securing a
dlvorc- from wife No. 1. Durphy denies
the charge, says he ha? an Oregon divorce
and hints ¦£ blackmail. Back of the pend-
Ir.p proceedings !us a story of desertion
and concealed identity.
Kighteen years ago Bradley Frcvcls
Durphy was living with his wife and
daughter, a child of 5 years at Whit
man, a small village about eighteen
miles from Boston. Mass. One day Dur
phy left his home. He failed to return
and finally his wife gave up hope of locat
ing him and devoted herself to the care of
their little daughter. The girl grew up
and married a merchant of Whitman
named Bates and the young couple took
up their abode at the old Durphy home
stead.
About the middle of October. IS98, eight
een years after Durphy's disappearance,
.a stranger came to Whitman and after lo
cating the family residence announced
himself to Mrs. Bates as R. R. Reedwood
of San Francisco and a business partner
of Bradley Frar.cis Durphy. whose emis
sary to his family he represented himself
to be.
In glowing sunset tints Mr. Reedwood
painted an alluring picture of Durphy's
prosperity, wealth and general well being
and then jumped back B few years to the
day when the lattrr and himself had first
formed a business connection.
According to Reedwood he had met Dur
phy thirteen years ago. A business part
nership formed between the two hal
prospered and they fell into possession
of a mine to which Oakland was the near
est city. The firm employed, said Reed
wood. fiftrpn men and made money hand
ever fist. On April 7, 1S97. they sold the
property and in May received $350,000 for
It. Durphy and himself. Reedwood went
on. were about to take a lKtle trip to
Honolulu but - nn their return In
March the latter would Journey eastward
to see the wife whom he had deserted
eifrh'eri yars before. Reodwood represent
ed- tha*. Durphy was naturally uncertain
as to what his homecoming reception
would be and had sent him on before t.»
port of break the ground. Redwood fur
ther told Mrs. Bates that his ex-partner
controlled large interests In the Union
Pacific Railway and In the Pacific Steam
ship Company. On leaving Whitman
Re^dwood stated that a letter addressed
t6 the Grand Hotel. San Francisco, wouid
reach him, or that Durphy's mail would
be delivered if sent to the same address.
Unfortunately the very person to whom
Reedwood's visit would have been of most
Interest was not present- " Mrs. Durphy
was in Boston and Reedwood could not
wait, he said. Then he left Whitman.
Mrs. Durphy returned from Boston In
due course and then letters addressed to
Reedwood and Durphy began to arrive at
the Grand Hotel. In one of them was a
photograph of Mrs. Bates; Reedwood had
said Durphy wanted It and so the
daughter had one taken and sent it. But
neither the photo or the letters ever went
further than the Grand Hotel, and after
a time they were returned to the senders
marked "uncalled for." Whitman won
dered.
On July IS. 1895. a young woman walked
Into the effice of Detective Woods in Bos
ton. She gave her name as Mrs. Bates
and told the story rf-lated above, but
Bradley Krancis Durphy. capitalist and
Sensational Tale of Desertion and
Temporary Reunion That Ld.es
Behind Capitalist's Recent
Arrest in Eureka.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, OCTOBER 4, 1900.
Gollamarim Is Beyond Question the Superior of Frances Qrakam
irv Her Impersonation of the Fiery Spanish. Coquette.
RIVAL CARMENS AT THE CALIFORNIA
AND THE TIVOLI ARE COMPARED
12
the broad liberal policy pursued by this house since its incep-
tion, which made possible the present store, remains in full force,
it is the Hale's you know, but in quarters better suited to serving
you. it is your shopping home rebuilt with all the modern fea~
tures that tend to make purchasing a pleasure, the new store means
to you not alone greater comfort, prompter service and a wider
range of goods, but lower prices — for with the greater output
comes larger and consequently more advantageous purchases. ___^
exhibit new lace curtains*
second floor.
220 pairs ecru and white novelty net curtains in narrow and 'medium width border*
and plain detached center figures— these splendid curtains are copies of high-
priced goods, there beinp ten elegrant patterns to choose from— the CO £\f\
sizes run 3^. yards long by 50 to 52 inches wide, per pair <UO»VF _•
130 pairs imitation cluny curtains in narrow and medium width borders and plain
centers, size 3V& yards long by 50 inches, wide— these curtains possess both utility
and a lacey appearance that make them more than usually desira- CA HH
ble— per pair O^.UU
the new millinery department possesses great charms for swell dressers, the
beautiful and exclusive French pattern hats being an especial source of admiration
. —on second floor, accessible by smooth running and perfectly safe elevators.
Hale's.
Hale's.
Hale's.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
tOOt MARKET,
SIXTH and MARKET.
'VAN VROOM,"
Evenings until 9. Sunday* all f
flay. :. - ¦ f
Full Set of Teetb. pain- A
less extractions free..*4.OO op
Gold Crowns, 22-k $3J«I> up
Fillings -5c up '
Teeth Without Plates Our '
Specialty. ,We give gaa. '
PAINLESS
DENTISTRY !
ADVERTISEMENTS.
BAJA CALIFORNIA
Damiana Bitters
IS A GREAT RESTORATIVE. INVIGORA-
¦ tor and Nervine, i *
The most wonderful aphrodisiac and Special
Tonic for the Sexual Organs for both sexes
The Mexican remedy for Diseases of the Kid-
neys and Bladder. Sells on its own merits.
NABER. At-FS & BRUNE. Agents.
823 Market St., S. F.— (Send for Circular.)
Connected by a covered passageway and
operated under one m anagern ent on tha
American and European plan.
The bent evidence of tha popularity of
these, hotels can be found tn the continued
patronage of those who on some previous
occasion have made them their head-
quarters when visiting San Francisco.
PALACE AND
GRAND HOTELS
39 STOCKrON ST., near Market.
(OH Number 21 Stockton St.)
TELEPHONE MAIN 533.
Country OrdeM Solicited— Ottalognt Fwa.
Gallon $I.OO
Port, She— t. Angelica, Muscat: ehoics
California wines. Regularly 40c and Jl 50.
HcflTs Malt Ext. act, doz. $3
The celebrated Johann HoOTa.
Usually sold at *3 50.
Sardines, "Lemolne," tin 12ic
Finest quality of Trench Sardine*.
Regularly 15c.
Ginger Ale, dozen $1.20
Corry"« celebrated brand of Imported Bel-
fast Ginger Ale. Regularly Jl 50.
Su^ar Wafers, tin 20c
Dresden Sugar Wafers; all Savors.
Regularly 30c
Whiskey, .bot 75c, 3 bots $2
Gallon $3
E. C. Berry's spring '90 Bourbon; straight
goods. Regularly SI and U.
Key West Cigars—
"Rosa de Santa Clara." each 12Hc: box
of 25. J2 75: a six-inch clear Havana cigar.
Regularly 3 for 50c and 13 50 a box.
All the popular brands of 5c cigars 7 for 25c.
OUR GOODS ARE ALWAT3 DE-
PENDABLE. THE SERVICE IS IN
J,°^ R r, I^ TEREST - 0UR PRICES ARE
KKtS deratioji r0R
Coffee, per ib 20c
Our regular No. t Ideal blend; sold other
days at SOc.
Grare-Nuts, pkg. .... .12ie
Food for the brain and nervs.
Regularly 15c
Sweet Wines, bot 25c
Thursday-Frlday-Satnrday.
SPECIAL SALE!
Real China
Heliotrope Decorations
Tea Cup and Saucer ....22 cts
Dinner Plates:.... 2<> cts
Breakfast Plates .1* cts
Salad Bowl 64 cts
Cake Plate ....'.... 36 cts
Oat«neal Bowl 16 cts
44 Piece Dinner Set .....*S.1O
10b Piece Dinner Set..... «8,0O
Blue Violet Decorations
Table Howls..... 4O«ts
Salad Bowls.. ......80 cts
Pickle Dish ... ...............28 cts
Cake Plate........... —52 cts
Batter Plates 5 cts
Berry Bowls .... ...20 cts
44 Piece Dinner Set .....99.85
loo Piece Dinner Set. ...... 21. 4(1
Big Sale.
¦ •¦ We are Cutting; Prices
all to Pieces During Our
Dig: Clearance Sale.
SAN RAFAEL. CAL.
FOR YOUNG MEN AND BOYS.
Separate Room*. Uymnaatua, Military DnU.
Etc
CHRISTMAS TERM HKOIN8 AUOIJHT 11TH.
HKV. C. HITCHCOCK. Principal.
Hitchcock School,
CHEAPEST and best in Am erlfca— The Weekly
Call. 16 pages, sent to any address In the
United States — &_f*V «*• r<— * tor %i.
postage paid.
GreatAisricanliportiDirTfiaCo.
. 210 Grant ave., bet. Sutter and Post ¦_.
861 Market »L, opp. Powell.
t2 Market St., Junction California.
¦ OUR BRANCH STORES EVERYWHERE.
DR.M9NDLTY.
THIS WELL-KNOWN AND RKLIABLE OLD
X Spec!a!Isteure,»Blood Poison, (JonorrbOBa.Gleet.
S i\{ lo . tI V? i * i 'l r " l "» 1 1 W'«» k '>««". I— p«>t*nc*»nd their
allied Disorders. Iloolc on Disease* of Men, free
O . v^.f M i^r 3^ e " c< ' Tpri:D<ir?a3Onftl >ie.HonM*
9to.1(lally:8:.T0toi30ev > K^ Sntidnr*,ioto 12. Coniral-
Utlon free and sacredly confidential. C_l or address
P. ROSCOE MrXCLTY, M.D
«O Ji Kearny st, Han Francisco, CSl.
¦ It Is desired to correct an erroneous Impres-
sion that Trinity School haa been discontinued.
It will open as usual: MONDAY. Ausust «.
Only boys or good moral character are taken.
O. 8. MEAD. S203 Central ave.
TRINITY SCHOOL.y'IIS.
Has it ever struck you that you can buy
Jesse Moore "AA" whiskey for almost the same
price that is paid for ordinary, whiskey? Tour
dealer has it.
practically
rented
Our new rent contract plan enables-
I you to do this. Say that vou get a
$300 piano from us — one guaranteed
: by ourselves and the makers — and
j pay us $6.00 a month for sixtv-two
months (this includes the interest),
then the piano is yours. The inter-
est r mounts to $1.25 a month or
$15.00 a year while you are payins:
for the piano. Now, if vou simply
' rent a piano, you pav from $36.00 to
$72.00 a year for the use of it and
you txver own the piano.
¦ NOTE — The sale of pianos on our
; new rent contract plan is confined to
J the cities and their suburbs wherein
our stores are located.
Sherman, Clay & Co.
Cor. Kearny and gutter stc, S. F.
Cor. 13th and BroaJway, Oakland.
Cof. Third and Morrison sts., Portland.
711 Second avenue, Seattle.
1212-1214 MARKET ST;,
Bet. Taylor* and Jones. . . .-'.-:
An extraordinary good chance just
placed us. in possession of about 50
Silk Waists made of very best quality
of Taffeta. Some have about 6O tuck3
in front, back and sleeves; some are
beautifully corded and hemstitched.
Many of these Waists you'll see dis-
played in the different show win-
dows around town marked $8 00,
$9 00 and $1OOO. Until this little
lot is sold we'll give you your choice
of these magnificent Waists at $A QO
OTHER ITEA.S OF INTEREST.'
OSc for Woman's Flannelette Wrappers, lined
and trimmed.
C5e for Woman's Dressing Sacques in Red
Pink or Blue, worth $1. -
91.30 for All-wool Cashmere Waists, trimmed
all lined, worth $2 25. . * v '
Our Chlldrer/a Wear Department In Cloaks
Jackets, Dresses and Headwear Is offering bii
values at little prices.
SILK WAISTS.
33c for fctriried Flannelette Skirts, sold all
over town at 50c.
4!»c for Pink or Blue Flannel Skirts, trimmed
with three tucks, cambric yoke, cut extra
wide; this skirt is an extra special; sold
elsewhere at \\ 00.
WOMAN'S KNIT UNDERSKIRTS.
Children's Union Suits, all sizes. ..20c
Children's Self -fitting; Vests, Pants or Drawers
: 2."»c
Children's Wool-mixed Vests 25c
Children's Imported Fine Jersey Ribbed Vests
OOc
Infants' Vests, wool and cotton mixed all
sizes .'25c
We carry an Immense assortment of better
prades of Children's and Infants' Underwear.
You'll find our prices comparatively as low in
our better goods as ln the medium qualities.
CHILDREN'S UNDERWEAR.
TO-DAY we start our OPENING
SALE OF WINTER UNDERWEAR;
goods and the prices we quote will
guarantee quick sales.
Woman's Medium Weight Vests,
long sleeves 1 gc
Woman's Heavy Weight Vests, long
sleeves 1 gc
Woman's Heavy Weight Ribbed
Vests, long sleeves . . . . . . ORC
Woman's Heavy Weight Balbriggan
Vests, half or long sleeves . . AQC
Woman's Wool Vests, half or long
sleeves, all colors "7KC
Woman's Pink Wool Vests, half or
long sleeves . . . ... . . . .QQC
Woman's Union Suits, heavy
weight . . . . . . .... 4.9c
Proportionately cheap prices on all our better
grades of Woman's Underwear.
The Chicago Tailoring Co. has removed to 113
and 115 Grant ave. Credit. •
Bed-RoomSefs
ft ¦ — i - s -==^= r^x^*— ~ " V
f _______ " "-"¦¦ _____________________; • -
«¦
We have just unloaded three
carloads of up-to-date new
style bedroom sets of beautiful
golden oak. which is so popular
just now— $15.00 to $150.00 per
THE J. NOONAN
FURNITURE COMPANY. Inc.,'
1 0 1 7- 1 023 MISSION STREET
Phone South 14. Above 6th. Saa Francisco.