tnoro waa wily a fow Vaekotfola loft tJ*o
buckets were thrown aside and the water
left was reserved for keeping the gunny
sacks wet. It was a fight for the com
pany's $20,000 bridge, and right bravely
did tho company's men battle, but there
was a limit to their 'strength and endur
ance, and the fir0 still raged. Shorter
and shorter grew tho periods of rest, and
more often tho relief was called for; then
the men of the crew began to 'drop out
from exhaustion. Conductor Klnney and
Engineer Williams fought with them, but
when tho end became evident order* wero
given to stand back. "It's all off with tho
engine reached the -water . ear his face
was blistered with the Interne heat, and
his eyes blinded by the ¦ moke and cin
ders, but he never hesitated. As he drew 1
near the plac« the . wheels rolled slower
and more cautiously, but straleht. oa
over the warping tracks »nd burning
ties, until the engine tmmpod heavily
against. the end of the water ear. Then
'Smith leaped out. and felt Cor the coup
lings with his blistered hand*. Burning
sticks of wood fell all around him.' and •
his clothes caught fire. Bmotljerlni It
out with his hands he groped blindly In
the smoke and heat and coupled the wat- ¦
er car to the locomotive.
Whipping out the 'flames that had start
ed on the aides of the car with, his hat. b*
•roped his war. back - to the looomottre .
through the scorching heat,' and -took his
place at the throttle* Then out of the ,
raglxur fnrnac* he barked his engine with ¦
the water 'ear * attached, alowir and eau- .
tlouaiy. th.ou»h'the air was at flams heat ,
and his lifngv filled with ashes and smoke. ¦
The men who, waited. thought the big en
gine with Its, daring- master were doomed. ,
They had a^en. Smith go down Into the
mass of flames 'and smoke and bad won
-. ..-.•¦./¦••...¦ t - - :
of awe to tie men on tho MIL Than tboy
heard the whistle blow, and looked a*
each other. But presently a cheer went
up. Out of tho smoke- and fiazaeo came
the rear end of thotea'der, then th* loco
motive and finally tha water car, with a
little blaze at tho side. Down the track
they all hurried and as the water ear
rolled up to the end oi tho big brlds* all
fell to work with tho enerry «* * brwro
example. "Water there was in p!*nt7 *oi
men to us* it. The company*! bxidg* ni
saved.
. This la tao story tltat fes toM otf tiw> ta%
at Howards, hnt its heroes bare aoOtfasj
to say— only that their darts* asd tfcet9
work was their duty. Aone to. precaoCoa
of tao company's property. Tar teto t2M
nKht-Uier' worked, and thoro vu Bsaoft
to do before the arrival of asslstaaesw
When a fire patrol had been organi-teA f»*
.tho guardlnar of tho thr«at«nod Cc« ot
track and all was saf o. tho two r«na«2atagj
engines; modestly backed out. wlttk their
respective engineers and conductors* tn
the consciousness of duty conelndoA aa4
expectlng.to hav« very little said aboot tt.
But It Is rumored that th-re havo boon
consultation* at th*» co3i?asy'i..gaa«rU
Whea Engineer Smett, in charge of the
dally passenger train from Duncan
Springs to Baasallto, made bi* ran <m*
dajr be found his path disputed. H6t
breaths of sir at first gars warning, then
csjhe stifling heat and cinders. Near a
little station named Freestone the engine
thundered Into the midst of the forest
flre. On either side were burning trees,
and as the train rushed over a bridge the
trestle works were seen to be en flre. The
engineer turned on full steam, and though
his face was blistered with the beat sent
the great engine with Its charge of human
freight thundering along the threatened
track until tho flamu were left behind.
\ • • •
Company*! C9.000 bridge at Rewards last
week, When eae has heard the tale It
•e«mj different.
•^er«r* repeats O. B. Smith ta^roMnr
if, **why there Is no hero abont It. We
f«n»ws £ld the right thing, or as near to
f-.rocrh laet week over In the Sonoma
woods, where the flames of a great forest
fire hare been devastatlnr long- stretches
cf eocntrr- Burned and bMstered. In
banflafea and sticking plaster, several
heroes cf the occasion are going about
their ctfual work, answering the Inquiries
of aflrr.irlag friends as If s-jch things were
of Twjdty occurrence.
THUOraH fire and taofea, faSixui
dnders and btxraing brands, down
Into a roarlnxr furnace and oot acaua
to rave the North Pacific Coast Rail
road Company* b property— that Is aa ex
rverlence that Enrineer O. E. Bmlth went
dered at his recklessness., "While the en
gineer was groping about for the . coup
lings,'the period 'of sUeace wm & aUeuoe
oOce and ' whisperings that bode no «Prtl
to the men wbo fought at the big bridge
fire. KtiBi
ft as we cou!d— end that' la an there la to
Bo, Ifkewfse, *«y sJl the men who were
eoneemea In tn« darlas work.- which,
wed tfrt Xforth Psjc12js Cent U&ilro«4
n» pM»enirerB were quieted wltt a?sur
amcee of safety, and' some three miles be
low Conductor Phelps ordered the coaches
detached from the engine, leaving the pas
¦engers to their own devices, for It was
evident that something must be done Im
mediately. A few minutes later the great
engine had gathered up a trew of section
men and was screeching and flying up the
hill toward the conflagration. Aa It leaped
over the rails the blistering air. blew. hot
In the faces of the men and smoke and
cinders obscured their view; but there was ¦
no. turning back. They, passed over little-,
bridges and big bridges and crossed the,
great trestle work of the company's $20,000
elevated road, seventy feet high and over
g»:tMt tone calr * Irr. hundred Tart*-
Up on the hill at the end. of a short
emergency track were two w«*er cars,
placed there bj' the reJlroad a few
days before .for use In case . tho
bridges were endangered. 'Conductor?
Phelps and Engineer Elliott climbed the
hills with their hats pulled down over
their eyes,' through the 'Choking smoke
and falling cinders, to where the cars
were standing at the end of the sloping
track, and adjusting the brake released
the two water-cars. Down the grade they
plid, first one and then the other, coming
to a stop at the up3lope at the foot of the
hill only a ' f ew feet from the burning
bridge. Then there was hard work.' On
either side, within twenty- five feet from
the center of. the tr,ack trees and shrub
bery were on fire and constant vigilance
wan required to subdue the .fires starting
In the trestlework. Aside from th« chok
lng>moke and the falling brands the heat
was so intense as to-be almost unendura
ble. After, an hour's exhausting work the
hopelessness of subduing the flre along
the track seemed absolute . and , the men
were about to -abandon the effort \ when
another, crew of section men arrived from
another dlrectlon~4n charge of Engineer
Williams and Conductor James P. Klnney.
; They had come- In answer to . Conductor?
Pbelps'. -telegram for assistance sent from
. the ¦- ¦ s'tatlon t at Freestone. , where ¦ - the
coaches had. been left. The new crew re-'
lttred t^* txhtuittd 'f***f* *"4 ' tvrtk timt
¦..*.- ¦ ¦ *¦ . : ....
from which the flames were raging fierce
ly and where burning brands were drop
ping with dangerous frequency,' blown - by
the- heavy wind. When the engloe drew
op at the next brldpe the trestle work was
burning in several places, and the crew
was kept busy pouring bucket fuls of water
upon the threatened timbers, dipping the
water from the engine's, tank.
held the fire In check, backfiring from the
direction of tho big bridge. Leaving them .
to their task. Engineer Elliott and Con--
ductor Phelns took their engine and re-
turned to Freestone.'where the situation
waa telegraphed'to headquarter*. Coup- '
ling his engine to the train of coaches.
with its anxious passengers, Conductor
Phelps turned his attention to making up
the. two' hours' lost time, in deference to
the'rchedulo pasted upon the station walls'
at Sausallto /.-
At' the bridge the men worked on stead- ¦¦ •
lly, relieving each other at short : Inter-
vals. Whipping back tlie flames with wet
Kunny-sacka and branches broken from
pine trees; guarding 'njralnstv sneaking
tongues orfireandsuddmi conflagrations
started from falling:cinders and burning
sticks; choklns with tho smoke and ashes. .
pe.rnplrt^ng and.bliatcrtngfrpm^the intense y
heat, quenching their thirst' with hasty ;
• drinks . from: the .fire buckets,; and .falling,
back exhausted when the relief force took ; »
their places, to hurry away from the.cen-
ter'of the fire for a few'minutes' respite,
bravely and furiously they worked, J fight-
ingfor every inch of ground i they iJost.
but the odds were'against athem: ?When '¦¦ -;
tho heat,waaBo;great that they*could'no,V
longer stay oh the bridge, they, retreated.
The flames .burst up through the. ¦ trestle;' /
work and the smaller bridge was doomedl
".They, hurried away to save thfe big. bridge.;.. ,
Dut they,- had. been compelled .to leave one
of the water cars nearthe<burnlrig treatle-'
. work.' and the-water, from the" other' waa
eoon exhausttd.: By back-firing they kept I
back the fire from the sides, butHhe wind
1 had* sprung briskly ,> and/ t burningr.
: branches.froni >the topi of : trees"VreVe 'fall-
Ing In the trestlework. S As' long < as' there ; f
, was water .*theyt fought ;wiyi^lt;'iand> aa,
•oocomically m could b« xaanm«ed. Whsn; ;
'Ms. bridge." said one of the men. There!
was a sharp whistle, a succession of little
screeches and a roar that sounded,above)
the roar of the flames. A^ cheer went up
from the, exhausted men. ground:th«
bond caroe'a puffing engine, with Engineer.;
O^E. • Smith at the throttle,, and a fresh)
crew of men. The great wheels rolled!
slower and stopped beside the exhausted
men. The new,crew. Jumped out and took
PP the wet gunny-sacks. Then Engine**
Smith was. told of the" water dtXHcuIty.'
There.waVno additional water supplyex.
cept the small reserve in the enirlne'i ten-
der. i From this, the buckets-were .fillee!
and-the men were put to work,
"What 'did you Fay about that othat
water car?'!-asked Engineer Smith u U
leaped from the cab. ;
He was told of the fullcar left . !n'.tnw~
^iclst of the flames at tho smaller bridge.'
He leaped Into the cab again. '"What are/
you going, to do? 1' asked Conductor Kin-1
r-ey. "1 am gr>ing after that car." replied
gmlth, with: his' hand 'on''the throttle;
There.wasa hiss of, steam, a sharp toot
: from the whistle.v and away went-the lo
^comotive,': with'the one-man on iboard.-to
¦ ward the" mass} of" flames '.at the\ smaller
brldge.v .For what he did in the!next half
hour^O.'E. SmithIwlll probably' receive
handsome . at 'the hands 'cf
the company'whose property he saved.'.
.The burning bridge ~ was builWacrosa <.a
dip between j two bills,'[and oh either: ild*
^bf it up" to-withlntwenty.-flve-feet-a mui
: of trees,, whose tops were Just' on a level
with the" cab of- the , locomotive, were
burning rfercely. The water car: wa*
standing* Just at', the ¦ end "of \tie' bridge,*
¦ flames leaping high'.all around It/: and. In.
i places 3 the car: Itself '. was' smoldering' and
starting ;¦ to r^burn, 1 from
Huodrtda of f*ei before HngioMr', Imlth'a'
STORY OF
THE ENGINEER
WHO RAN
HIS ENGINE
THROUGH MILES
OF FIRE TO SAVE
A BRIDGE.as.rollows: Nurnburg 547. AleslaooG, Frank
furt 610, Samoa S52, and Bosnia about 1200.
The Bosnia is an immense ship of its kind
— one_of the largest ever In the bay of
San Francisco. She carries a Condenser
that will dietlll about 50,000 gallons of
water per day in case the supply of fresh
water grows short and salt water must
be made drinkable. It takes twenty-five
tons of coal to run the condenser for one
day, and the 50,000 gallons would only last
the 120Q horsea a little over four, days, so
the use of this apparatus wduld' prove
rather expensive. Every ship carries an
ample supply of fresh water and food,
however— rations for sixty days, and the
trip with a fair run should not take over
twenty-eight days— so none of them are
apt to be obliged to call upon artificial
ways for Increasing their water supply.
The allowance per day for each horse
is put at 20 pounds of hay, f> pounds of
oats, 9 gallon? of water and carrots for
dessert; so in the case of the Bosnia with
its 1200 horses provided with rations on
that basis for sixty days it is easy to un
derstand why the dock looks as if the
products of all the farms of California
were there to be dropped into the cav
ernous hold of this groat ocean monster.
The horses are to be well cared frir #;••-.
sights of the year for Californians. Now
they are ready, with their lessons well
learned, to pay their respects to the Em
peror's soldiers In the Orient and become
a. part of the German army corps.
Often horses are loaded on a ehlp by a
box contrivance and hoist, bu: here the
animals are led up a gangplank as If they
•were first class passengers. This Is not
out of regard for the feelings of the horse,
but because where It can te done it is
much quicker than any hoisting arrange
ment.
Five great ocean steamers it takes to
get these four thousand horse recruits to
their destination. And the amount of
hammering, changing, fitting and general
trouble necessary to get one of them
'ready for service appears most appalling
to the uninitiated. When they are all pre
pared for their living freight* they look
from ihe inside like three-story hotels
with little rooms some eight feet high by
two and a half feet wide and seven feet
long; only the rooms have no walls,
merely two strong boards on each Bide.
Bo the horse's stateroom Is really a pen—
a miniature corral — or. to return to the
original suggestion, nothing more than a
crate. And a very good thing It Is, too.
for what would the poor animal do in
case of a storm if he had all the room he
warned? Any ere who has ever seen a
horse down and watched his clumsy at
tempts to get up will easily appreciate
this. Moreover, to keep the animal still
more secure In case of a heavy sea each
Ftall is arranged with a cling, so the
hors? can be purported. He Is not hoisted
off his Uet, but can at will take the
•vt-oiRht on' his feet and rest in this im
provisod hammock.
The side boards of the stalls are loose
to they can he removed, and when the
animals are first put on the ship all the
boards arc taken out to allow the horse
that is to occupy the end stall to get his
place. Once In position he Is tied by two
ropes, so he cannot swing his head from
Bide to side ami Interfere with his neigh
bor. Then the r.ide boards are put back—
eo on until all the horses .for that row are
In place.
Once in his crate the horse stays there
until he arrives at Taku. This might ap
pear to some as a hardship, for few peo
ple know that horses get along very nicely
without lying down. They can sleep
standing up. and in fact many of them
never lie down at all. If the animal tires
and his feet begin to swell from stand-
Ing on the hard flooring he is given his
ellng to recline in. In case of sickness
his mates are moved over a stall, so the
Invalid can have the size of his crate
doubled, is given a soft bed to lie on. And
the veterinary orsumes charge. There Is
very little hospital service required, lor
If the horse gets sick enough to require
extra attention be eenerallv dies, and a
and kicking.
They are draught horses and mules,
ea%-alry horses and animals for the artil
lery — but none for commissary stores.
For weeks there has been a great buy-
Ing of horses and mules throughout the
West, and the training- and education of
the animals at Baden has been one of the
FOTTR MILLION and some odd
pounds of crated horseflesh are be
ing eent to Taku in far off China.
The German Kaiser decided that by
Tray of preparation for any subsequent
trouble that may happen of Interest to
the Fatherland he would like four thou
cand horses and he Is getting them as fast
aa steam can take them to him.
One might Imagine from the use of the
term "crated horse flesh" that the Kaiser
*r*s providing his soldiers with some par
ticular delicacy In the way of canned
goods. Let there be no misunderstanding
— the horses are really crated for their
ocean trip, but they are very much alive
crop over the rifle of the chip closes the
Incident
The present fleet at work on tlie trans
portation of the horses, together with' the
number of horses each shlD will carry. Is
ing the trip, for one man Is taken for
each lot of ten, and It is his duty to de
vote himself exclusively, to. those, ten
horses and Bee that they want for nothing.
Besides this, there .' Is a veterinary for
each ship, a foreman.to see that the men
do their duty, and three engineers to keep
the,. dynamos and fans running .that;pro
vide .the horses .with fresh ,air., v For
whether the horse is on the shelter deck.
the second deck j or down j In the i depths
below the s atmosphere $ around him • is
changed | every five , minutes to i the fresh.
Invigorating 1 sea air ? of ¦ the . cuter A world.
This is done bv a series of fans and ven-
tllatorsr which are kept" constantly run
ning and by an ingenious arrangement of
pipes and outlets that keep the air pure
without causing any; cold draughts. v The
consulting engineers. who have had chare e
well In print Many of the animals go up
as quietly as lambs and /seem to enjoy it.
but *of course there are exceptions. The
mules : are as r active as kittens and fre
auentlv/one of: them that feels especially
American horses who are now sworn re
cruits of the German force in China
should not have rather a pleasant tlmn
of ft— probably much better than many a
steerace passenirer on the broad Atlantic
It . Is rare sport to see the cowboys at
work persuading the animals brought up
In bands on the dock Into the belief that
they would like to climb up a steep gang
plank and then slide down another one
Into the darkness of their future quar
ters. Once on the gang plank and started
up they go on the run, and the man lead
ing them has a hard time to keep out of
the way. But to make the start often re
quires the combined effort of two mounted
men, who rush their horses against the
initiate and literally lift him bodily up
the first few feet, while a half dozen foot
men whip, pull, haul, sweat and say
things that help out but would not appear
of the alterations and fittings of the boats
have done remarkable work considering
the short space of time allowed between
the arrival of the ships entirely devoid
of preparation for stowing horsss, and
their departure fitted out completely with
everything necessary . for the welfare of
the animals. But the horses are well
worth the trouble and deserve the best
that skill and money can give them, for
a finer lot .of animals never left this port,
or any other for that matter. They are
well formed, sleek and spirited enough
to prove an addition to any gentleman'*
stable, and If the Kaiser is not well
pleased with his American horses he is
not a good Judge of horseflesh.
Twenty-eight days Is a long time for a
horse to stay In bis stall without a
glimpse of the blue sky except an occa
sional beam through an open hatch in fair
weather. But as they have all they can
wish to eat. plenty of good company and
nothing to do but to stand and look wise.
there Is no reason to believe that thea*
"They understand a Joke, too, and when
one of them kicks the legs of the horse
next to him they will pass it along down
the line, gaining in force as It goes until
the last horse gets an eye-opener that Is
amazing. You would not think that they
could get their legs under'the boards di
viding the stalls, but they manage It
some way, and as they can't do much
,harm and seem to enjoy It why, it does
not matter."
"Many people ask ma If the horses get
seasick. That Is always -the first question
anyway about anything living that take?
an ocean voyage." said the chief !n speak
ing about his trips. "Of course' they 3o,
but not so far as their stomachs are con
cerned. They simply gret dizzy and, very
wisely, will not eat until they become ac
customed to the motion of the boat. When
they get used to the ship's roll they besln
to sway backward and forward to accom
modate themselves to It, and even when
they get In still water they will keep up
this motion, so that bv their own cen
certed movement they will give the vessel
quite a roll from side to side. "When they
first strike the land It Is curious to watch
them. ' They seem dazed and then It grad
ually dawns upon them that they are
free again and they are tickled to death.
They roll, and run, and Jump about Ilka
kittens and Wave their hind legs In tho
air with a total disregard to the proxim
ity of their fellows.
"When two or three days out from shore
horses develop splendid appetites and be
come Just as well posted about mealtime
aa the oldest traveler. They whinney and
paw and raise particular Ned until their
turn comes for rations, then they fall to
with a will that would do credit to a
starvir.gr sailor. At other times, and espe
cially at night, when most of the | lights
are turned out to rest their eyes, they are
as quiet and decile as Iambs and I have
frequently climbed over the backs of a
whole row to Inspect pipes or machinery
at the other end.
Chief Engineer F. H. Evers of the Lee-
Ianaw, whlc*h Is now In port, has proba
bly had as much experience with horses
at sea as any man, for he has made five
trips with such a cargo In .the last two
years. In all the five trips they lost but
fifteen animals, and these, .the chief says,
died In the first few days out, for after
they become accustomed to the sea tha
horses seem to enjoy the trip rather than
dislike It.
Getting: the horse* from the main deck
down Into their stalls Is no llsrht task, bat
the Ingenuity of the method of starting
them below decks Is singularly effective
and well shown In the snap shot on this
page taken of -a horse en route. He Is
headed on the down shoot and then a
strong rope fastened to a post at one end
and hauled taut- by a half dozen pairs of
strong arms at the* other .forces Tils hind
le^s under him. and to keep. his footing
he Is obliged to make the descent.
say will leap over the five-foot slfiss of
the cans' plank and back again to th*
wharf. One of them the other day, after
he had been duly boarded up In his plac»,
suddenly took the notion to show what h*
really could do If he wanted to and Jump
ed clear through the opening of hla stall,
a space two feet wide by three feet and a
half high, and all without scraping a hair.
This cannot happen when all la ready for
sailing, far the animal Is tied with two
ropes, one to each side of his stall, and It
would bo Impossible for him to mako such
a leap; but It shows the necessity of not
allowing 1 too-', much room and demonstrates
that the two feet six by- seven feet deep
It none 'too small for a horse's stall oa
shipboard.
THE SUNDAY CALL.
2
SHIPPING MORSES TO CHINA
FOR THE GERMAN EMPERORTHE SUNDAY CALL.
17 T is a daring thlr.g to plan and put in
jj execution a steamer line to run
U straight away 3000 miles. Into the
southern hemisphere, without a stop,
by the way. and with an Island which
makes but a pinhead spot on the map,
for destination.
The spell Is broken which has bound
Tahiti, the Princess Island of the Pacific.
In her r.atal sleep, and at last a regular
rr.a:l ar.d passenger service Is to be main
tained between San Francisco and the
famous island in its crystal sea, down
under the c-Quator. .* » - '
Heretofore this wor.derful place, so well
known by name, has been almost inac
cessible to travelers, unless they took the
methods of the explorer and risked the
All the boys and girls in the land de
sirous of meeting a manly little fellow
could have their wishes gratified In see-
Ing Master Teddy, but that Is a privilege
vouchsafed to his immediate relatives
and friends only. His tastes are mature.
xnillarity. nut are ratner awesome. He Is
Just as distinctly different from other
youths as his father is from other men.
he dotes on It Is his guinea prjr» and els
museum, which I found to be a closet la a
corner of the music room. A sign is post
ed on the door of the museum to the «£
feet that no meddling is allowed. I found
out later that "Teddy's" young brother.
Archie, aged five, Is a budding naturalist,
which fact necessitated the posting of the
above-mentioned sign and also the use of
a key.
The museum is Indeed on© any boy
might be proud of. All of the specimen*
are systematically arranged. Each has
Its name pinned to it, from where and
from whom received. There aro samples
from far off China, as well as nearby
places, many of the latter being discov
ered by little "Teddy" himself. There Is
an owl. a large ostrich egg. birds' eggs in
all sorts of nests and several choice birds.
There are also bats and lizards which
Master "Teddy" himself stuffed, and
which show the skill that he has acquired
in taxidermy. His collection of beetles la
very large and exceedingly beautiful, and
be Is fond of studying and arranging the
specimens.
Ills samples of butterflies were sent to
him from China. Each one has a glass
case by itself, and is three times as larg«
as the ordinary butterfly. A fragment of
a Spanish flag, taken from a Spanish
ship, and c a Spanish sword and several
other Spanish trophies are prized highly.
The mall bajr Is a source of great Inter
est to little "Teddy." and he loves to b*
allowed to open letters for his father. Ha
frequently receives letters of his own
from persons he has never seen or heard
of. He haunts the mall for badges, pins,
pictures and buttons, and when he finds
ona more beautiful than the others will
say:
"Isn't he a bully fellow?" pronouncing
each word very correctly and distinctly.
He has a lar^e collection of these souve
nirs, and several pictures of his father,
which he found in the mall, are hung
about the walls In hl3 room. He Is very
fond of swords and pistols and ofter vis
its the gun room, where Kit Carson's
celebrated rifle, presented to Governor
Roosevelt by Mr. Beale, former Minister
to Persia, and a large number of guns oC
every description, are to be- found.
Master "Teddy" Is a bright student
»nd learna quickly, but has the likes and
dislikes natural to a boy of hia age. In
winter he plants small evergreens and
other trees In pots and cares for them
tenderly.
While his governess was giving him a
lesson on the piano one day he stopped
In the middle of an exercise and rattled,
oft without the slightest hesitation:
"It is not customary to wait for an in
vitation before visiting a Tahitian. Just
go. Walk Into his plantation and up to
his door. You .will find it open, arid will
not be greeted by growling dogs nor grov-
"Away in the farther districts. In the
deep valleys by the rivers, where cocoa
nuts grow and where . vanilla and coffee
plantations thrive in the sun, there the
visitor buries his foreign. customs and be
comes a native. '.
with which his Maker sealed him Into hu
manity. The Informality of social life
there is well given in the following state
ment of a recently returned traveler:
These people recognize the brotherhood
of man so truly, that they ask no Intro
duction of any one but a sight of the fact
These people show how far they have ad
vanced beyond the savage state In noth
ing more than in their treatment of wo
men, who are no longer beasts of burden
or slaves, as among all Melanesian and
map' Malay tribes, but are companions
and equals, carefully protected from se
vere labor or anything that might impair
their grace and beauty. They devote
themselves solely to household ; work,
making mats and tapa cloth and plaiting
ornamental baskets, engaging only in
such light outdoor employments as fruit
gathering and fishing, which In their
heavenly climate Is pastime rather than
labor.
"The manly beauty of the young men Is
very remarkable. One in particular who
had decked his hair with the flowers of
the scarlet hibiscus might have sat for an
Antinous. Their features are often beau
tiful. The nose Is rafter long and some
what arched. The hair is dark brown or
black, smooth and curly, totally unlike
either the frizzled mop of the Papuan or
the perfectly straight black hair of the
true Malay in character. They are cheer
ful and Joyous, and fond of songs, of
which they have a great number handed
down by tradition, as were those of the
bards of old."
Lord George Campbell In his description
of the voyage of the Challenger says of
them: "There are no people in the world
who strike one at first so much as these
islanders. Their clear light copper-brown
colored skins, yellow and curly hair,
good-humored, handsome faces, their tout
ensemble, formed a novel and splendid
picture of the genus homo,' and as far as
physique and appearance go they gave
certainly an impression of being a su
perior race to ours.
But most of all, to scientist, artist, or
travelers for travel's sake, interest cen-.
ters in man alone— in his primitive state,
now hard to rind outside of books.
Here are men such as live nowhere else
on earth.
Fish strange and beautiful are so plenty
that they can be driven Into pens in the
Ehoaly waters as sheep are driven on land.
The ocean is full of giants, too. Shells
that weigh a ton gape their ponderous
bear-trap valves in' submarine coral
groves which are filled with the gaudy
animal flowers of the sea.
The geology of Tahiti is a field un
touched, and Dana says that it contains
the most wonderful and instructive ex
amples of volcanic rocks on the face of
the globe.
prehensible. On one .of the Islands of this
mystic sea are etatues now standing
which measure thirty-five feet from the
hips to the head, each carved from a
single stone. Upon their heads are crowns
ten feet In diameter, made from a reddish
rock and all brought from a quarry three
miles away.
All over the islands are monoliths vast
and trim, which have be«n moved by hu
<nan or superhuman forces sow. Incom-
The scientist can dig Into the unprodded
mysteries that Egypt never knew, and tug
at locks upon secrets of which India never
held the key, for this Is the center of
edecce's wonderland.
Trie athlete may cast aside forever the
eavage, strangling clothes which choke
the delicate nerves end blood vessels un
til life falters and we die while we walk
In unwashable wool and leather. There
may he go clad in lava-lava or pareu, £ree
man once more— free and beautiful as God
made him. There lie beneath the ever
blossoir.ing orange or plunge Into the
warm cataract-churned pdol and swim as
the seals *wlxn, floating and sleeping In
the dark water until dawn awakens the
parrots.
Or they may climb a mile In the air on
volcanic peaks of frightfully chasmed and
f.re distorted rocks grewsome as Dore's
conception of Inferno.
Here Is, the place and the only one where
some sculptor may, from a natural model,
excel the perfection cf the Venus of Milo,
and doing so write his name on the top of
the scroll of fame.
Best of all, though, here they will find
the human form divine in Its perfection,
tor nowhere else on earth have civilized
or uncivilized people been able to leave
their figures alone and not mutilate them
by compression of some sort.
Artists will be delighted with the 60ft,
drea-ray shore lagoons and Inland pools,
where bird and flower alike are of pyro
technic brilliancy, and unruffled, mirror
ing waters double all Beauties by reflec
tion.
The epicure may here eat the custard
apple, pronounced Incomparably the most
delicious food on earth, for which queens
have elghed In vain, for It can be neither
transplanted nor transported. That is the
best that there is, but from it down to the
plainest fare nothing is lacking.
Clothes are only a vanity, not a neces
sity, and the material for them grows al
most ready to wear.
Women are freed from the slavery of
housework, for the house keeps itself
pretty much all the time, and milk, bread
and desserts grow on the trees.
It Is a land where money buys nothing,
tor nature gives s.:i that natural man
requires, and does not wring the last
drop of Eweat out of his hide as pay Jor
doing it.
Here are to be found delights for every
living mortal.
Tahiti is a sraaJl place on the map, but
good things come in email packages, and
In this island nature has surpassed her
self In wonder working. The place Is
stuffed with phenomenal objects, making
It one vast museum.
delays of a Facing voyage, through be!is
of tropical calms. As a result Its people
have lived their primal forms of life in al
most changeless simplicity; the same to
day as when time began.
and he Is delighted If he can do vrhat his"
father does, of whom he is an ardent ad
mirer. No matter what the sport may be
he . Is always ready to take . part In It.
heart and soul— in fact, he is very apt to
go beyond his strength.
In winter "Teddy" slides down Saga
more Hill on his skis and his sled, and In
summer fishes, bathes, rides his pet pony
and takes long walks In the woods
through mud and water, and ; sometimes
returns home soaked . through and
through. And In all these sports his Illus
trious father takes part when he possibly
can. , Little "Teddy."! Is also fond of car-
The Roosevelt family Is a most charm
ing one. Besides the Governor and Mrs.
Roosevelt It comprises Alice, the eldest
daughter, 1 aged 15; Theodore Roosevelt
Jr., the eldest boy. aged 13; Kerrait, a
boy of 11; Ethel, aged 9; Archie. 5. and
Quentln. S. The children attend the
Episcopal . services at Christ Church.
Oyster Harbor, nearly every Sunday
morning. % 3. ,. • •? •
"Theodore Roosevelt. Police Comnn»
sloner. Assistant Secretary of the Navy,
Colonel of the Rough Riders and Gov
ernor of New Tork State!" much to th«
amusement' of the teacher.
So away with us to Paradise while yet/
'tis new and the charm of the old Eden
upon it. Much will be the wonder of the
natives wtien the booming roar of the
whistle on the ocean monster, first wakes
the echoing cliffs of Otahelte., .
turn, a whole stack of mangosteens, pine
apples, and other tropical fruits piled up
for dessert, you can pity the guests of Del-.
monico's. /' The drink is the cool milk of
the green cocoanut flavored with a dash of
Tahiti rum and drunk fresh from the shell
in which It grew ; __After such a meal there
can be nothing but- sleep. On waking a
swim in the river, followed by a walk in
the mountains.
Knives and forks are not used, nor any
substitute ' for them , for the Tahl tlans do
not consider it good form to us* e&tlnf
The feast Is * spread upon fresh palm
leaves which have been < laid upon the
ground. The diners sit on mats surround
ing it. ; A black-eyed girl j passes around
with wreaths of red , and yellow, flower*,
crowning- each one who sits at table.
Raw fish sounds a trifle odd, but It Is
not such a long remove from raw oyster*
or 'clams and raw beef, all of which we
esteem, anj^besldes the fish caught in the
two-mile ' d'eep, transparent sea which sur
rounds the Coral Islands are different
from those of t the more turbid green shore
waters. . Tables and chairs are : unknown.
A layer of rocks is first placed on the
ground and the edibles, usually consist
ing of a sucking pig, some chickens, bread
fruit and taro roots, are laid thereon and
covered with broad leaves. The whoie is
then built over closely ' with more rocks
and a fire built above and around it. When
sufficient time has elapsed the fire la
withdrawn, the stones and leaves re
moved and there Is - discovered the most
appetizing steam-roast-broiled dinner that
ever mortals tasted. Fish is usually eaten
raw, with a. sauce of grated cocoanut and
lime Juice.
Native cooking in Tahiti is a fine art,
nowhere excelled outside of- Europe.
Various are the menus which the native
test will prepare. He will use no stove,
but a range which is newly built of stcne
for each meal.
Unlike most tropical lands, where with
ering heat brings /ever and lassitude, the
craggy volcanic spires of the island,
reaching a mile and a half up in the sky,
and the spray of the thundering' surf on
the reef combine to cool the air both day
and night bo that exercise and eating are
both pleasures, and the eating is not the
least. • ¦ ; ; /
Best of all. she owns her own home,
with Its . breadfruit trees and taro patch,
and she is absolute mistress of it and
herself; independent and free to do as she
pleases— and she does it.
"Far mere his been heard than has evei
been written of the lovely Tahiti girl.
Tall, languorous, modest as a Castillan,
walking like a queen in her flowing gown
of tapa cloth, her hair bound round with,
a chaplet of shells, behind her ear the yel
low, five-petaled national "flower, brilliant
as the enameled creations of the jeweler's
art. Though her cheeks are browned byi
the burning sun and the tanning salts of
the seas, her Bkln . is clear • as the sky
above. '
"He will bring you young, milky cocoa
nuts to drink ' and \ grapes U
eat which rival those. of Call<
fornla. When - you are refreshed
he will show you to a room— your room
telling you to lay your American clothes
aside and dress in) Tahiti fashion. This
consists of a sugar cane hat, a white cot
ton shirt and a pareu, a piece of colored
print about four feet square, wound
around the waist. Once in Tahiti garb
the charm of Tahiti dawns. Loafing and
listening to the plaintive song of a Tahiti
maiden born to waste her. time away — and
you do not care if the expansion policy
reaches. to the stars or If Buffalo Bill is
elected President.
eling lackey, but by the host himself ~
brawny, muscular and smiling, with out
stretched, welcoming hands.-
«» T Sagamore Hill, standing: unaer
jl 'X the head* of a - magnificent stag:,
lr~\ beautifully mounted, in the Gov
ernor's', library, I had my first
handshake with Theodore" Roosevelt' Jr.,
son of the candidate for Vice President of
the United' States.
Simplicity is the ruling characteristic lnv
the Roosevelt; household, and I wns not*
' surprised to' see the Governor Ignore cere-'
mony. and step to the front of a 3tairway
and cry: - . ;
."Ho.Teddyr . 'Wfj&h
Back came the Instant answer- In. a '
' sturdy, little voice:
' '.Tea, father,"' and down the wide stair
way appeared little Teddy with measured
tread " and ' a matured swing of the body.
The manly little fellow grasped my hand
cordially and '. said In a alow, emphatic
tone: -; "» }¦
.'T am very glad to meet you."
I found. Theodore Roosevelt Jr. a moat
Interesting study. He Is the exact oppo
site of the average boy. No character In
the JuveaiU world to-day stands out mort
•Sort of youngster
U Qtidy
Roosevelt Jr. J)s.
utensils which have been used by another,
bo shells and leaves serve for plates. With
a rib of roast pig In one hand and a leg
of chicken In the other, a slice of bread
fruit and another of taro awaiting their
original and striking than little Ted
dy Roosevelt. He Inherits his fatfier*s
positive character and emphatic ways,
and makes a deep impression at first
sight, His manners do not court fa-
dening and dons the conventional bine
overalls, helping: the gardener hoe. and
riding about In the farm wagons.
Master "Teddy" is a born naturalist. If
there Is one thine more than another that
6 PARADISE
3The book ends satisfactorily with 'the
'dfecovarr of relatlonshlo between the two
The love stories are the all-Important
part of .this book, and funny, love stories
they are. Hearts and engagements are
treated-in a battledoor and shuttlecock
manner, and two or three important char
acters are married or engaged to most
unsuitable- companions. But In . the most
. convenient way, Just at the right time,
the undesirable people are killed off. .
: ."Comrades True," . by Anne Thomas
(Mrs. Pender Cudiips), Is an exceedingly
trivial story, of English life. The author
has utilized recent facts of the. Boer "War
to please the patriotic English. The
"comrades" and several other prominent
characters ¦ race off to the • war. and the
reader prepares to ¦' view South African
difficulties, only to be disappointed, for
no scenes are described and the bravery
of the heroes is simply mentioned.
Comrades True.
Professor ' Gray has performed a very
positive service in both of these volumes,
and all readers of them will look with
especial interest .for the third volume, as
the realm in which he has won his great
fame— Electricity and Magnetism. (Price
60 cents.) 'V-:t-
On the -whola. this volume, while quite
as "popular" In its easy conventional
style. Its personal reminiscences, curious
experiments, touches of humor, etc.. as
the lirst. is even more directly useful aa
an adjunct to the study of physics.
of divers kinds, with the philosophy of
their action and their utilities.
crary style, but with the purely mechani
cal proposition oJT how to put the matter
In the best form for convenient reading
by the publisher and subsequently set
ting into type by the compositor. There
Is a right and a wrong way of doing ev
erything, and there Is nothing In these
busy days that will hasten the return of
a manuscript to the expectant author
seeking for recognition more than the
careless arrangement and Inattention to
small but important details of his copy.
Part of the book on the preparation of
a manuscript, copyright, forms of agree
ment, bindings, covers and cover designs,
proof reading, composition and press
work and how an author can aid his pub
lisher ls of use merely to the professional
or would-be professional- writer. That
part of the pamphlet, about half, devoted
to J., S. Cushing & Co.'3 rules for spell-
Ing, punctuation and style, will prove val
uable to every one who has occasion to
write even 1 so. much, as a few letters,
(Published by the Macmillan Company,
New York. - Price, in paper, 25 cents.)
The Elusive Hildegard.
This is a simple little story with no pur.
pose. It should, become a popular sum
mer novel, for it has very Interesting sit
uations In It Two of the characters dis
course on Schopenhaur and quote Brown-
Ing, • but when they touch upon lighter
subjects their conversation Ls quite agree
able. .
The scenes are laid . in Charleston and
Detroit. T
If Mr. Martin had ¦ given the book a
bratlons ere !n the air a particularly time
ly book Is John Finnemore's remarkable
novel. "The Red Men of the Dusk." Ju3t
published by the Lippincotts. It !s a ro
mance of Puritans and exiled Cavalieis
during the time of Cromwell. Many of
the happenings are among the fastnesses
of Wales <a new ground In recent fiction)
and are of most exciting character. The
novel Is made additionally attractive b"
stirring illustrations. *
Doubleday, Page & Co. announce "The
Memoirs of Countess Votcck.i." in which
the Countess (a member of the PolNh
royal family and an enthusiastic patriot*
gives the reminiscence of Napoleon and
a host of other historical personages as
•well as of her own Private life The rt»
llghtful naivete of th 3 narrative u J^n
shown by the author's story of how aftVr
the u?ual marriage de conveyance XI
tried to pioue her husband into showirc
her more affection by writing a love to
musl^nf * M^ l "S «t where he"
ip^^^^E^j b b r s
and butter and the riddle of to-morrow's
for literary effort. For that „=
successful authors are V*?w « f™ ° W
It. is interesting to know VJ 7X
Bacheller gave up a fine editorial nn\?rinn
as well a 3 a large salary to try til in
certainties of literature. He haTonly
In the bank and a rood stock of couraiV
As the sales of "Eben Holden" are W?n
excess of 400 a day, m swapping OU raa°
ism for literature M. Bacheller has got a
good sum to boot. . *
Recent literary journals have stated
Sne ror merlc f "P^lisher^ were conS
peting for General Baden-Powell's "Sport
mWar, and some wrong announcements
have been made as to the successful bM-
PubUcaUon will be made at once by the
Stokes Company of this volume by the
f l m °^ ¦',?• P -" ln which he tell* of
•Bhootmg lions while camDairninir la South
Professor Ellsha Gray. Issues, through
Fords. Howard & Hulburt, New York, the
second volume of his 3Cience primers. The
first dealt with Earth, Air and Water; the
second takes up in the same' lucid and'en
tertaining manner Energy, Sound, Heat,
Light and Explosives. These are what
the author tills "the primal elements—
not only of tlfe, but of material existence
itself. Without heat and light we cannot
conceive of the physical universe; and
sound becomes a modification of these,
without which animated creation would
soon destroy itself, and even while it lived
Nature's Miracles.
Though there are some blood curdling
and tragic occurrences, the story has ,a
happy ending and Mr. Becke deserves
hearty congratulation upon the success
of his first novel. (Published "by L. C.
Page & Co., Boston. Price Jl 50.)
The book, with Its adventures and dis
coveries, reminds one of Stevenson.
Stevenson, however, did not require a love
story to excite interest.. "Edward Barry"
has its thread of romance— a tender story
of woman's devotion running through It.
The scene Is laid in the Lagoon Islands
of the Pacific, and as places of this kind
are not often pictured In fiction, the story
is doubly interesting. The strength and
clearness of each scene Is wonderful. Thfl
two types of sea captain— the. brute and
the honest man— are strongly portrayed.
Edward Barry
"Edward Barry" is by Louis Becke. who
has shown by his short stories that he
Is a successful s"tory teller of. adventure
and "hairbreadth escapes." So those who
have read "By "Reef and Palm" and
"Redan the Devil" will be delighted to
welcome this tale.
This book should become a popular one
among teacher?, as ~lhe author shows
himself to be in touch with the most
modern pedagogical .and psychological
thought. (Published by American Cook
Company, San Francisco.) ¦ .
The second part relates to applied peda
gopics in American public schools. His
ideas on school management are very
good and the chapter on professional
reading and study will surely be of great
benetlt to the self-mads teacher.
The first part of the book is a history
of American public schools beginning with
the colonial fchools and ending with a
chapter on the outlook for the twentieth
century.
new book will be of erect benefit to those
who cannot afford special training at the
universities or normal schools.
There is no vagueness about Mr. Clews'
idea of the right point from which to view
everything in this country. He says: "If
legislators want to be able to Judsre aright
In national financial affairs, if they aim
at brcadgaupe* legislation and •wish to
ehed the shell inseparable from their ex
istence In village communities, they mus:
go to headquarters occasionally, and that
is New York City. If they want to ex
ercise clear judgment in regard to buf-
Jne3s as commingled with their legisla
tive functions and purposes in the In
terest of the whole people and in touch
with the country at large, they must be
come imbued, verily saturated, with cos
mopolitan ideas. • • ? When this sup
posable trip to the metropolis is over and
a day or two of reflection Is Indulged
In regarding the Journey thus enjoyed, the
eyes of "the traveler will gradually open
and he will begin to wonder why he has
been trifling his time away around his
native town for half a lifetime with hia
eyes half shut. Ills ears will have passed
through a course of similar development
and his whole Intellectual capacity will
be endowed with vastly Improved pow
ers of absorption, reception and atten
tion. For the first week or to he will look
upon his fellow townsmen with a feeling
similar to that with which Captain Lem
uel Gulliver regarded the LUlputlans."
Far be it. from us to deny these state
ments. The tendency of New ITork lo
spread the eyes, develop the ears -and
swell the bead to such an extent that ths
victim of the disease regards everybody
elM as a Lillputian has long been noted.
As a general rule, however, the sufferer
from It recovers after he k&* been back
Henry Clews has contributed to the lit-'
erature of the day a general review of all
the issues of. the time, tariff, silver, trusts
and Imperialism, under the title of "The
Wall Street Point of View." As a rule.
the view taken by Mr. Clews is sound and
is sustained with good argument?. Oc
casionaliy. however, he settles a matter
In dispute by the easy method of declar
ing that the opposite view can be taken
only by people who are ignorant and who
occupy positions from which a right view
is impossible.
Tbe Wall-Street Point of View
This storv of war in two land and un
der three flags is as historically accurate
ap are all of Mr. Brooks' stories, while
the glimpses it gives of Lawton ine
American. Roberts the Englishman. Kru-
Iter the Boer, and Aguinaldo the * .liDlno.
£9 well as of others who have achieved
eminence in this closing year cf the nine
teenth century, add interest and roa.lsm
to the story. Brave and brilliant deeds,
heroism, pluck, pers!stency a-d courage
are Ihe characteristic? tr.at appeal to all
young readers: tress are all present In
this story of rapid action and dramatic
incident, while the klr.ship of American
and Briton that is uniting the Anglo-
Saxon world may be read between the
lines and be seen in the delightful com
radeship of the wideawake Ne»i and his
puzzling but faithful friend— Maskin the
free lance. "Lawton and Roberts" is an
nounced a? the first volume of a new
series by Mr. Brooks— the "Young De
fender Scrle?"." The illustrations, by C.
Chase Emerson. ar» Ptror.sr and graphic.
(Lothrop Publishing Companv Boston.
Price $1 25.)
ftory, thcueh they furnish the back
ground against which the tale Is told.
The fortunes cf Ned Pevpar. the Ameri
can schoolboy, and of Private Maskin.
hi5 English friend, will Interest all youn*j
readers, for they were part of thnt da«h
and daring that marked Lawton's suc
c«-«pful campaign In Luzon as he swept
all before him and that made so 'notable
the un^'acklng advance of Lord Roberts
"on to Pretoria."
more attractive title it would P*°bably
have been an advantage. (Published by
R. F. Fenno & Co., New York. Price
n :5.)
Literary Notes.
In addition to a "Life of Parkman"
Little Brown & Co. will publish a new
edition of Parkman's "Oregon Trail/" with
seventy -five Illustrations by Frederic
Remington.
Now that Cromwell aad Cromwell c«l»-
Miss A. G. Plympton. the author of a
number of popular books for the youn^.
has written a new story entitled A Child
of Glee " It deals with the adventures of
a little American girl in the Imaginary
kingdom of Avaril, where a child-queen
has been crowned. Little. Brown & Co.
will issue the. book at an early date.
heroines, and an interesting old gentle
man Is found to be their father. The
young women then are married to their
respective lovers.
Mrs. Pender Cudiips would better rest on
her laurels or try her talent on something
else. (Published by F. M. Buckles & Co.,
New York. Price $1 25.)
Notes for trje Guidance of Authors
The Macmillan Company has Just issued
a little pamphlet compiled by William
Stone Booth entitled "Notes . for the
Guidance of Authors," which will be
found convenient in many ways to all
writers, and especially helpful to those
who desire to woo, the goddess of litera
ture by publishing' a book. Any one can
become an author, but few have the fe
licity, of seeing their work in print. The
present pamphlet does not deal with llt-
would fail to develop, lacking the means
of communication." These all Involve mo
tion, and that requires force and continu
ing energy— or force at work. Thus the
author begins hia explanations with en
ergy, and. linking one thought to another,
shows how the energy of the universe Is
a constant quantity— never more, never
less, however variable in application; and
makes clear the mysteries of the natural
forces, their interplay and mutual ex
changes, and their relations to the greater
mystery of life.
Then comes energy 'n vibration, and un
der this lie the principal topics of the book
—sound, resonance, sympathy, noise, mu
sic, interference, etc; heat, expansion,
generation, diffusion, radiation, the sun's
rays; light, ether, color, transparency,
mirage, phosphorescence, the eye, shad
ows. And finally be takes up explosives
hear the whole story that you, too, would
hr.ve pensioned that mule for even Ies3
than he really did there certainly must be
something wrong about the location of
your heart. (Published by Charles Scrib
ner's Sons, New York. Price, $1 50.)
With; Lawton and Roberts
For those who think that picturesque
ness and dramatic effect are to be found
only In a story of the past this semi
historical story of the present will have
a novel interest; and those boys and
girls who revel in tales of action and the
achievements of heroes will follow with
absorbed Interest Elbrldge S. Brooks' new
etory, "With Lawton and Roberts."
based upon the most stirring incidents in
the latest campaign of the two great cap.
tair.s of Anglo-Saxon blood.
But these dashing and brilliant leaders
of men are not the main characters In the
home for a time and begins to recognize
that the people of the rest ot the United
States are not so very small in compari
son with New Yorkers after all. Mr.
Clews, however, haa evidently become
hopelessly a New Yorker; his book shows
It in many ways, and it Is clear that his
ears have been developed to an extent
that is quite remarkable. (Published by
Silver, Burdett & Co.. New York.)
Anjerlcan Public Schols.
John Swett. author of. several educa
tional books, has just brought out another
book called "American Public Schools."
Mr. Swett needs no introduction to Cali
fornia people, as hi* Influence has been
so widely felt for years. He has never
allowed himself to become "old fogy." as
have so many others who have been in
the pedagogical profession for aa long a
time. He la strictly up to date and tbia
57=5 RANK R. STOCKTON'S book re
\f =z cer.tly published under the title.
A ".AfieM and Afloat" Is unquestiona
bly one of the best of the numer
ous volumes cf chart stories which has
erpearcJ this year. In fact, of its kind,
the iaterestmcly IMht and delicately hu
morous scrt. It Is the best. Stockton Is a
perfect magician among story filers. He
can take anything, r.o matter how com
rnesipJace. and make a story out of it. and
a good cae, too. He possesses that subtle
power of bdBC able to present Just twice
as mar.y thoughts as he does words, for
he rot or/.y makes Ms narrative perfectly
clear but by a touch here and there the
reader gels between the iir.es a close In
sight Into ail his characters -without the
mental effort of reading minute descrip
tions In lengthy paragraphs specially
written for that purpose. His fund of
humor is Inexhaustible and its delicate
manner of expression Inimitable.
The present volume from start to finish
1b remarkably strong In the Sspcfctonlan
Cavor. Even the Introduction bubbles
over w'.tb the author's cheerful vtt. In
part he says:
"By laud or eea. from old-time mansion.
from far afield or afloat, from inland wa
ters or the distant seas, these stories come
together end form a company which will
j-, ror .,..,rl on whee's or keels into that vast
r^gi^ri markf-d 'Unknown' on the maps of
good ar.d bad fortune.
"These stories wear no uniform, and al
though they stand together, each In Us
appointed place, they have no common
purpose except to make a book. They are
related only by the bonds of love or wa
ter. for these tale?, the interest of which
dot? rot r*>Ft on th« fate of lovers, deal
¦with the fortunes cf the brave folk who
float on stream or ocean.
"For the moment it was thought it
tn5pht be well to give the book the title
of 'Love ar.d Water." for there is but one
story In it. and that a little one. which
does not deal with ore cr the other or
both of these two gr*-at' sources of ro
mar.(~c Bi-t as It vras d?*:ned unwise to
designate the tales by a title which might
fee construed to ir.d'cate diluted affection
this idea was quickly set aside.
'ThTP arc s. great mnr.y Butlers in this
world and perhaps an equal number of
Podd'.r.gtor.s. who f.nd that there Is joy
fcfidd ar.d happiness af.cat. It is danger
ous to forsake a chosen elcxsent and to do
that which may give amphibious nature
(.« ones experience*. The two friends in
the opening story are not the first to tind
out that a mixture Oi land and water
makes mud."
This first story is peculiarly in the
Stockton vein; fear no onei loves better
than he to place his characters in the
most outlandish predicaments where the
reaccr Ccela net at all alarmed as to their
actual safety, but car.not help sympathiz
ing most thoroughly with the characters
themselves and understanding their ex
cited state no matter how really absu-d
the position in which their author has
placed them. That is the greatest chana
cf Stockton's work, he allows his imag
ination to go rampant and yet curbs it
fo well in hand by j> t lllTlllij plausible and
Furious explanations that the reader feels
almost isclined to accept as gospel truth
anything that he is pleased to say.
This first .«tory of "The BuIier-PoddinK
ton Compact" wiJl be remembered by
DU87 readers as having appeared a short
lime ago in Scribner's Magazine. It re
counts the adventures of two worthy
imddle-acc-d frierds who are devoted to
each other in town, but neither will visit
the other at his country residence for
the reason that one is fond of yachting
nrd the other of driving hordes. The
y.-icht«=man Is frightened to C< ath of a'
bene and the landsman correspondingly
filarmed at the thought of a sailboat.
Finally they make an asr'-^mcnt that
r-nch shall visit the other, and the yachts
man goes first to call upon the landsman.
Early in the morning following his ar
rival he is asked by his friend the lands
man to take a drive, ajid with much mis
giving upon the part of the sailor they
ft forth. By a curious chance they are
Just up^-n the edge of a mill pond as the
train whistles, and the sailor begs his
bfcsd to turn arour.d as he fears a run
away. The nervousness of the man fond
cf the sea acts upon his friend's driving
ar.d startles th« horse to such an extent
that In the general excitement he backs
the rig down over the bank and horse,
buggy and men find themselves In the
water. Then it is that the yachtsman's
Bailing experience stands them in good
etead. and frcm the craven he is at once
transform*-d into the lion. He sorely
feels the ne<?d of a rudder and a bit of a
pail (0 make the wagon a good boat, but
he finally pilots the strange craft safely
to the chore — not. however, until he haa
been obliged to dive for the lines, which
have been dropped by the nervous lands
man, and perform other feats denoting
aquatic and nautical ski!l. Safely home
and enjoying an after-dinner cigar the
yachtsmen gives his friend good advice
according to the lights of the experienced,
sailor:
'• 'I tell you. William.' said Mr. Buller.
»s tbe two sat smoking after dinner, 'what
you ought to do; you should never go out
driving without a life-pYcserver and a pair
of oart. I always take them. It would
make you feel safer.' "
The next season, however, the landsman
has a chance to offer his yachting friend
some good advice through some remark
able occurrences that happened when the
visit of the former year is returned.
There ere eleven stories in the book and
Ell of them are interesting. The most
charming is "The Great Staircase at
Landover" — as delicately done as a bit of
exquisite Dresden china. It Ib a model
for a BOtt effective ehort sketch in the
supernatural and while really a ghost
ftory according to the true meaning of
the word It should not be called one lest
It bt misunderstood to saver of the weird
end horrible. The .ale Oals with the fail-
Ing in lore cf a young man with the spirit
of the first mistress of a country mansion
which be has purchased from an estate.
To tell more than this would be but to
epoil the charm of this dream story for.
Mr. Stockton's reaCcrs.
Tsu cf the Ftortes. "The Governor Gen
eral" and "The Skipper and El Capitan,"
are politically reminiscent of our late
trouble with Spain and probably were en-
Joyed mere at the time of their publica
tion in magazine form when that difficulty
was the paramount lssua in American
eff^irs. than they ¦will be when read now.
They are so superior to the majority of
matter eppearing In short story form that
the reader will not complain; It being
merely our intention to" point out that by
comperiron with the other talee In the
bock they may not prove so Interesting.
•The Romance of a Mule Car" Is an
cthcr one of the storie* that is worth iev
cral reading* to catch all tha dainty
touches of the a.uthor> pen. Although a
rtreet car plays a- prominent part and a
pule rppears In the star rol» of Cupid,
yet there is not a thins nresalo ta the
•ketch and if you do not feel alter you
"A FURNACE OF EARTH"— By ,H»Jlla
Ermlnie Rives. The Camelot Company
"XELEA, THE SURF RIDER"-By
Alex. Stevenson Twombly. Fords. How
ard & Hulbert. New York.
"THE NEW PACIFIC"-By Hubert
Howe Bancroft. The Bancroft Company,
"ESSAYS. LETTERS AND MISCEL
LANIES"—By Count Lyof N. Tolstoi.
Thomas Y. Crowell & Co.. New York EL
"THE MONARCH OF MILLIONS"— By
Grosvenor Wilson. The Neely Company
New York. In paper, 25 cents.
"PROTECTION AND PROGRESS"-By
John P. Young. Rand. McNally & Co.
New York. $1 23. *
"PAUL JONES: A HISTORY"— By
Augustus C. Buell. Charles Scribner's
Sons, New York. Published In two vol
umes: $3.
"THE GIRL. AND THE GOVERNOR"—
By Charles Warren. Charles Scribner**
Sons. New York. II 50.
"SONGS FROM DIXIE LAND"— By
Frank L. Stanton. The Bowen-Merrtll
Company. Indianapolis.
Booths Received.
scon appear on the boards at Washing
ton. He will remain at Sorrento, where
he Is putting the finishing touches to his
historical work on "The Rulers of th©
South." Although It is as a novelist that
Mr. Crawford has been until recently
chiefly known to a wide circle, both here
and in Europe, the tent of his studies
for years has been toward serious his
torical work. The great success of his
"Ave Rcrna Immortalis" has encouraged,
him in this field and the book he Is now
writing will treat of the history of South
ern Italy and Sicily, under the different
rulers who have held sway by turns In
that enchanted country, from the first
Greek settlers down to the accession of
the house cf Aragon. Many authors havo
written of *>ne phase or another of thla
romantic s-tory. but none has until now
given a consecutive narrative which may
be followed alike by the student and th»
general reader, while the closing chap
ter, on the mysterious organization
known as the Mafia, Is full of informa
tion, which has been only recently acces
sible, even In Italy, and unknown out
side it.
F. Marlon Crawford win not come
to America to oversee the production ot
the dramatized version of his new novel.
"In the Palace of the King." which will
This social problem Miss "Wolf has In
vested with the concrete charm of human
action and character. There is no "smell
of the lamp" about her work. The reader
plunges at once Into a swift, breezy story,
full of Incident, with perfectly Individual
ized characters who l*ave no doubt that
they are alive and not mere puppets, and
It is enly when the story has ended that
the reader realizes he has traversed with
the author a bis arc of thought, and
spent some hours profitably as well as
pleasantly.
An interesting study of modern social
conditions aa they affect the Jews In the
United States Is presented by Miss Em
ma Wolf In her novel. "Heirs of Tester
day," which will be published shortly by
A. C. McClurg & Co.. Chicago. In spita
of the assimilative powers of the Ameri
can republic, the Jews remain here as la
Europe and elsewhere, now as always, "a
peculiar peoplr," the characteristics of
the race are as active as ever, and in the
attitute of gentiles toward Jews there Is
too often the same display of ignorance
and Injustice that has marked all past
history.
The October number of McClure's opens
with an article on "The Strategy of Na
tional Campaign?," attractively illus
trated by Jay Hambidge. Dr. A. Connn
Doyle Is a contributor to thl3 issue. His
"Some Lessens of the War." which Is a
critique of the bearing of the British
troops in the South African campaign, ex
poses the fault? of the various branches
of the nervice. and advances a somewhat
startling plan for the reorganization of
the army. In addition to these articles on
campaign tactics and the South African
war. there are others en "Casting a Great
Lens." by R. T S. Baker, describing the
manufacture of the famous Jena, lenses,
and on "The Ancestry of the Horse." by
F. A. Lucas, with diagrams Illustrating
the family record of the horse during the
past two million years. The fiction of the
number Includes stories by Anita Fitch.
Gelett Burgess. E. Hough. Edith Wyatt.
Annie Webster. Myra W. Jarrell and Jo
slah Flynt and Francis "Walton. The Rev.
John "Watson and the Rev. Cyrus Town
eend Brady are also contributors.
•*The History of Colonisation from the
Earliest Time* to the Present Day," by
Henry C. Morris, formerly United States
Consul at Ghent, is on the press for Im
mediate publication by the Macmlllan
Company. It embraces the earliest estab
lishments and expeditions of th« races of
Asia Minor, and brings a very compre
plve account down through the middle
ages, early European colonizations, to
the present absorbing questions. Very
complete references elucidate disputed
points of policy or fact. Citations are
made from works In all languages, mod
ern and ancient, which throw light on the
subject, ami a bibliography containing a
classified list of some 700 works on coloni
zation, colonial history and policy form
an Invaluable body cf reference matter.
It is so written and arranged that it may
be referred to or read with equal facility
by both student and general reader. The
book Incidentally throws much llsht upon
the pressing questions of colonial policy
and the Issues of the present campaign.
The announcement that Joel Cfcandlw
Harris had retired from newspaper wor*
In order to devote his whole time to story
making gives a special interest to h!s new
book, "On the Wing of Occasions." which
is to appear early this fall from the pub
lishing house of Doubieday. Page & Co..
New Tor*. The stories (one a novelette
of IO.0O0 worfla on The Klflnapin* of
President Lincoln) all deal with •'unwrit
ten history" of civil war times, without
any actual fightlnr. toat Introducing many
details of the elaborate secret tenrlce.
The volume U perhaps chiefly notable la
adding another Irreslstrbl* character to
those Imperishable figures Kke "Uncl*
Remus" and "Aunt Mlnenry Ann," which
Mr. Harris haa already riven us. "Mr.
Billy Sanders,*' the old Georgia country
man who goes to kidnap the President,
has a supply of funny stories which rivals
Lincoln's own. and his shrewd, homely
humor Is most characteristic.
Africa, of pig-sticking in India, of snipo
shootlng In Algeria, of a run with the
Capo foxhounds, etc.
There are nineteen full-page Illustration*
by the author, and the editor of the Bad
minton Magazine says that the little book
proves that th© renowned general is "not
less master of pen and pencil than of thu
The work la printed with various deco
rative borders In green.
THE SUNDAY CALL.
4
BOOK REVIEWS AND LITERARY CHAT.Next to the harness-room and occupying:
the entire space under the great dome
shown behind the fountain Is tha coach
room, lofty and light as an art gallery.
with a floor of polished hard maple, all
unmarred by the rubber-tired" wheels of
tha many vehicles. A large alcove In ona
comer of this room has a drained cement
floor and hose faucets for carriage wash
ing. This place Is a showroom of the car
riage-maker's art, filled with rigs of every
sort. Largest and handsomest of all Is a
heavy "C" spring Vicjori^ the counter
part of the family traveling coach of pre
raJlroadtng times. So delicately Is Its
and plain, for- docfle," tender-mouthed po
nies; others with curb or break to suit the
taste of the "furious- tempered horse. that
Is not satisfied unless he feels as though
his mouth were full of chain lightning.
It takes little to make a horse so happy.
"Would that there were more like the Car
olacs.
These horses know the sound of tha
bunting horn as well as the dogs, and
when one Is blown their alert heads ara
Instantly popped out of tha upper half of
tho open "mill doors" of their atai:3.
showing by their eagerness that they en
joy the prospect of a hunt no less than
their riders. If It may be Judged by tha
way they Jump, with their eyes fixed upon
the master of the hunt's door In the op
posite corner of the quadrangle.
Each of the riding horses has his hour
of exercise every day now to harden him
up for the approaching hunting season.
There are twelve stalls for trotting
horses altogether In the one room, and
twelve boxstalls for polo ponies and hunt
ers, every one of which Is always occu
pied, for Mr. Carolan's position of master
of the hunting club places upon him tha
obligation of mounting his whips, to sa7
nothing of the endless incidental demands
upon horseflesh which are xnada by leis
ure life In the country.
It must be an Ideal equine life." that of
the Carolan horses. They are all selected
rather for their Individual merit than for
lineage or mere looks; and this, coupled
with tha fact that they live In an atmos
phere of kindness which never falls and
are handled with tact which anticipate*
every delicate sensibility, gives them, an
alert understanding of almost human
brightness.
So might the dull, listless brutes that
drag overloads along weary miles of
bruising cobbles be as friendly and affec
tionate as kittens could they but know
what kindness meant. It Is a crime to
take advantage of a horse just because ha
has a small brain and a kind disposition.
A horse is no dumber than he Is made;
they are proud of the possession of hu
man affection and value it. Every ona
of the velvety noses that pokes out to>
sniff the orange blossoms has an expres
sion and Individuality about It that »s
Intelligible.
No better lesson In humanity to dumb
animals could be given than the care and
forethought with which the Carolans have
planned this model home for their nobls
pets.
There ara six each of thesa very Im
portant and aristocratic animals, navtng a
boxstall apiece, with new-mown hay scat
tered thick over the floor. luxurious as a
Turkish coxy corner, every one of them.
Next after tha great coaehroom Is m
small one. filled with lightweight saddle*
for use on the hunters and polo ponies.
A stable without straw, else the auto
mobtle might set fire to It.
stable of 'the future will be. No smtH ef
hay, no feed racks or oat and bran bin*—
nothing but a gasoline tank for a feed
box and a copper wire for a hltrftitTtg
strap.
!§pi||
spent
palace
FOR
THEIR
HORSES.
THE MOST MAGNIFICENT STABLE
IN THE WORLD
From this gorgeous slumber hall opens
the harness repository, where Jetty leath
er and shining brass festoon the walls and
a Laxca class caaa contains bits. ¦m»^t>.
on great fluffy piles of clean straw, plen
tiful and fresh as in a threshing field,
heaped high beneath and back of them
five or six feet into the corridor. Behind
this loose straw and extending the whole
length ef the line of stalls are mats of
hand-threshed wheat straw, braided with
colored ribbons for a border. The remain
der of the floor Is covered with white
beach sand, upon which are laid with a
etencil designs of coaching scenes in col
ored sands.
[heavy body balanced on the springs thut
it swings responsive to a" finger, touch. .
A four-in-hand rig stands with horn and
wicker cane basket strapped In place
ready. for a start.
Almost- every useful type of pleasure
vehicle Is represented, their comfortable
Beats and speedy looking wheels teaslngly
Inviting the viewer to drive them over the
rolllcs uplands that) spread '. toward the
sea. Almost .. every . sort of .'wheeled i ve
hicle, but not all. The automobile tribe
are conspicuously absent. -The hissing
steam, with r lts thousand-pound danger
pressure In its boiler; the'coughlng, asth
matic, gasoline engined contrivance and!
the electric, which cannot get away from
troUey wires, are air banished from this
horse paradise.
What a Drosalc thin* the; automobile
Among the land Dyaks no youth dare
venture to pay addresses to a maiden un
less he can throw at her feet a netful of
skulls. It being necessary for him to prove
his prowess by killing a few men. women
or children. Among these tribes the lover
offers the maiden of his choice some betel
nuts. If she accepts he Is happy, but if
she refuses and says "be good enough to
blow up the fire." It means that he Is dis
missed. Sometimes the courting Is carried
on through the medium of a sort of Jew's
harp, ooe handing It to the other, asking
questions and returning answers.
"When a young Hottentot goes courting.
to render himself mere attractive, ha
paints his nose, cheeks and forehead with
soot. Among some tribes of Madagascar
the boys decorate their Ions locks with
leaves, flowers and feathers, "only In or
der to please the women." The natives of
New ' Britain blacken their teeth and
knock out others, knowing that other
wise they run the risk of being refused
by the ones of their choice on account of
ugliness. A woman In that beautiful land
would "scorn to accept the addresses of
one possessing: white teeth. like a dog or
a pig." A girl who has arrived at a mar
riageable age has her teeth filed.
The beaux of Zambesi file tho middle
teeth In the upper jaw Into the form of a
swallow's taiL In one province of Tas
mania a rebellion nearly broke out when
orders were once issued forbidding the
use of ocher and grease, for the young
men feared the loss of favor In the eyes
of their countrywomen. Among the Gua
rayos the suitor, when courting, keeps for
days close to the cabin of the mistress of
his heart, being painted from head to
foot, and armed with his battle club.
The Melanesian women do the courting.
When a girl likes a man she tells his sis
ter, and gives her a ring of string. Toe
sister says to her brother, "Brother, I
have goc<3 news for you. A woman loves
you." If willing to go on with the affair,
through the sister, an appointment is
made and the following dialogue takes
place:
The man says: "Tou like me proper?"
"Yes. I like you proper, with my heart
inside."
'Unwilling to give himself away rashly,
he asks: "Now you like me?" ¦
"I like you altogether. Tour akin
good."
The girl, anxious to clinch the matter.
asks when they are to be married. Tha
man says: "To-morrow, if you like."
There Is a mock narht. when they tell their
relations, and everything la settled.
In Maori land the girl generally begins
the courting. The love token which the
girl throws at the fee of her lover Is a
little - bit of Cax, made In a sort of halt
knot. "Yes" Is signified by pulling th«
knot tight; "No" by leaving the matri
monial noose aloe*. . - -
Courtship of Savages.
"The effect cf exercise on the mind is al
ways jrocd; the brain ar.d nervous tys
tern are supplied with more blood and the
repair cf waste is more complete."
Acccrdir.tj to Sir James Sawyer, by ob
tervir.fj the following nineteen rules one
stands a pood chance of being a worthy
member of the Hundred Tear Club:
1. Eight hours' sleep.
2. Sleep en your right ride.
3. Keep your bedroom window open all
night.
4. Have a mat to your bedroom door.
5. Do not have your bedstead against
the walL
6. No cold water In the morning, but a
bath at the temperature of the body.
7. Exercise before breakfast.
*. Eat little meat and see that it la well
cocked.
9. 'For sdu'ts) Drink no milk.
10. Eat plenty of fat to feed the cells
which destroy disease germs.
11. Avoid intoxicant*, which destroy
those cells.
11. Dally exercise in the open air.
13. Allow no pet animals In your llving
eas ES V hey are likely to carry about dls
- 1 *- £? v « «n the country If you can.
C' mn dral s thfee D ' s - firlnkIn S *"*ter,
\i- 3 a , ve charge of occupation.
is 7i .. fr «^«ent and short holiday*.
IS. Limit your ambition. -
i». Keep your temoer.
"Avoid fussy women," cays one learned
doctor. 'They Jclll persona off by the dox
er.s. Avoid being fussy yourself; It wear*
you cut as nothing else will. Calmness can
be attained."
"Make cleanliness your motto," eaya an
other. "Extend this to both the house
ar.d the grounds. Few women starve for
food, but many do for fresh air. Every
woman if unable to take a walk dally
should go out Into the ward or to the win
dow. If en Invalid, and breathe deeply a
hundred times or more for exercise.
"Throw away your corsets and never
wear any tight clothing, and by all means
Keep in a well ventilated room. Beware
cf gluttony. If not hungry confine the
eating to fruit and utilize the teeth ln
etead cf the stomach for chewing the food.
Eathe often ar.d keep the blood pure; ex
ercise daily and do a kind deed on every
opportunity.
There tfre many helps to longevity, the
latest being the Hundred Tear Club. Join
It. say its members, and you need have no
further thought of e!ckness and death.
However, everybody does not belong to
the Hundred Year Clut> and old time doc
tors and physicians, as well as new ones,
lay down mar.y laws that must be fol
lowed If health is to prex-aiL
£,ive to Be a ftundr'ed.
Beyond the office Is the wardrobe-room,
where the horses' Sunday clothes are
kept— heavy, embroidered, bright-colored
saddle cloths and stall blankets with sur
cingles pipeclayed to Immaculate white
ness.
Adjoining this room Is the general dor
mitory, where the coach, carriage and
other trotting- horses curl up comfortably
Heads and tails — that's a funny thing
about the fox hunter's game. Heads, he
wins; tails, the fox loses. Still the fox
gets a good run for his money; and wins
mere glory than many a soldier who falls
In battle. There are others, too, besides
the fox, who would give their lives to
have the aristocracy of the country chas
ing at breakneck speed after them.
taixilng to there same subjects. Alo».«
with them are whips, spurs, horns, bits,
bridles and tails and heads of foxes.
KENTUCKY
It is a regular "man's office;" solid fur
niture, a library of books relating to
hunting and coaching. Oa the walls are
rare old prints ar.d comic new ones, per-
Here Is where Mr. Carolan plans for the
comfort of his horses and the pleasure of,
ruests and neighbors cf Eurllngaine.
On the right of the entrance are the
Charters cf the coachmen, trainers and
footmen; on the left are the ofSces of the
master of the hunt club.
Placed around the court Just under the
verar.da eaves are large Jardinieres con
taining orange trees which. In bloom at
this season cf the year, fill boxstalls,
coachroom and offices with their perfume.
In the center of the Quadrangle a drink
ing pond is filled and purified by a spray-
Ing fountain, which tempers the heated
air cf cummer days.
The driveway leading, to this happy
horseland home Is bordered by lawns,
fecnted flowering shrubs and sheltering
trees, and ends at an Iron gateway as
ornate as those about the ¦walled cities
of China,
Seme people are called lovers of horses;
mere people say they love them; but the
real love is not there. While they tell
their fondness for horse?, sitting the
whl^e before the firc'ojr. the much loved
horse shivers under a sleety rain In the
far corner cf the pasture, or smothers la
the re<?k of a nauseating stable where
the sanitary conditions would defy the
labors of Hercules.
• Eut the Carolans love their horses In a
way v.h'.ch passes the understanding of
most cf us. It Is not —^ords, but acts.
which show it.
Their stables were des?i5..<?d for the pur
pose of making their horses know what
human lov» cculd do for them. The
building* cover mere than half an acre of
grour.d. All are cf brick, with heavy, pro
jecting roof beams showing grotesquely
czrven e:;d= like Chinese jrarg-oyles.
They surround a great quadrangular
fountain court over which the eaves pro
lect fciwardly, forming a veranda to shel
ter frcm sun and rain the heads of the
inquisitive horses as they peek around
the corners to see If any one ts solas to
bring another carrot.
Hay with cream ar.d sugar on It sounds
like the dream of an outline gourmand,
but you would almost expect to find It on
the fclll of fare at the Carolan stables, so
luxurious are al! appointments.
Their stables are the most beautiful In
America., not only in architecture and
workmarfSip but In decorations and arti
cles or utility.
THE Carolans of Eurllngame love*
horses with a love that is net told
in words, r.cr by fleeting glances.
¦Words and glances mean some
thing to a horse, but material comforts
r-.ean more, and the love cf the Carolans
for their beautiful Arabian and Kentucky
thoroughbreds !s shown by the way they
house and trap their pets.
THE SUNDAY CALL.
5.Iceland exports /Iceland ;moss,
wool, dried fish, sealskins and oil, whale
oil and baleen, eiderdown,' bird skins and
ponies. . Its manufactures are entirely do
mestic. ; ' "
EMIL1E WATERS. ,
things^ by 61ssorrtB*. evKperottnr. wssfi^
ing off. and by strengthening. "W* teller*
that water, in particular Father Knelpv's
water cure, will heal every dlaeaso that ts
any way curable.
"We Insist on simple nooxlsMns; boos**
hold fare, not spoiled by art or stroBs;
spices. Tho drink shotxld b* the natural
one offered by God in erery well and,
spring, though we do not forbid an oc
casional glass of wine or beer. Our medi
cines are teas, extracts, oils and powder*,
made from medicinal herbs after the
recipes of Father Knefpp."
I talked with each one of tbeae bare
footed Kneipplsts who every morainj
frolic over the wet sward They are all en
thusiastic believers la the doctrine of
Father Knelpp and claim that their ail
ments have been cured or eased under the
treatment.
"On Sunday morning,** Tolanteered •>
gentleman, "there are often as ™«T*y as
sixty walking out here. Many of them
have Just happened to see us. and they
try walking barefoot once. Just for fan.
and immediately become converts. Some
times as many as a dozen "bikers* dis
mount and walk with us. then go> on thrfr
way refreshed."
The air was sweet with that faint elu
sive perfume which disappears with the
dew, and the Kneipplsts took deep breaths
of the fragrant air. A little boy led a
lady whose eyes were dimmed, but not
with years. Her bright unseelns eyes
looked steadfastly ahead.
"It Is so good," I heard her say, "I
have" not had a hemorrhage In my eyes
since I besran. Ah. I smell violets. It la
the season for them. They must be bloom
ing near here. Can you smell them?"
"No," said the child. "Ah. but you could
see them," sighed the woman.
We had now walked tho required tlmo
and parted at the entrance of the park.
"If you can not sleep to-night get up and
take a cold shower, and without drying
po back to bed. Repeat it, if you aro
still wakeful." This is Herr Willman's last
injunction to me.
I confess I didn't do it, but I also con
fess that I have red-lettered the hour
spent with the barefooted Knelpplsta as
one of the most unique and enjoyable on
the calendar.
Go out and try ft for yourself. But
remember, you must rise with the sun
if you wouia tread tho dew,
"But how is the cure affected 7"
"Don't you see how much easier the
cure is, as. soon as we know that every
disease is caused by a disturbance of th©
blood? The work of healing can only con
sist In one of two tasks— either to lead
the irregularly circulating .blood to Its
normal course, or to endeavor to evapor
ate the bad Juices and morbid matter
which disturb the right combination of
the blood.
".Water undoubtedly, does both th.es*
Herr Willman strongly denounces
woolen underwear. "Never wear it,"
says this disciple of Father, Knelyp.
"Woolen materials next to the skin suck
the fluids and warmth, and are the cause
of the miserable blood of this generation.
Linen is fairly good, but strong hemp
cloth is better, for that never effeminates
the skin."
Walking barefoot In the tret grass is
but a part of the Kneipp cure. Herr Will
man explained that according to the dis
ease there are showers for the different
parts of the body, all carefully applied.
Wet sheets, baths of various kinds, from
vapor to salt, sprays, ablutions, wet
bandages and drinLing water, are im
portant factors in the cure.
"Are these used for all kinds of sick
ness?" I asked.
"What is sickness?" retorted Herr Will
man, "la not the euphony and harmony
of the body called good health? When
this is disturbed by any "cause we call
the disarrangement disease. All these
diseases, whatever their name*. hare
their origin and germ in the blood.
"Order consists in proportion and too
much or too little tempo in the circula
tion of the blood or the penetration of
foreign elements disturbs the peace and
concord of the system and changes health
to sickness."
"It is also an Important means of hard
ening the flesh, which we consider a vital
necessity. In order to harden It still more
we sometimes recommend walking in new
snow or wet gTass."
Just how great a part wanrtng Da.-efoot
plays' in the Knelpp cure. "It is a tonic,
and the length of time must vary accord
ing to the condition of the patient. Un
less regulated by some one who under
'stands it, walking on the wet grass may
do more harm than good.
of a word does not seem obvious to him
to remedy the difficulty by a slight change
that makes it seem superficially reason
able. Coming across the term "Welsh
rabbit," he gazed through solemn specta
cles at this mare's nest and decided that
a bit of toasted cheese could not by any
stretch of the imagination be considered
a game animal, though it might well be a
"rare bit," so ho Jumped at the conclusion
that time and the corruptions which time
effects must have done their evil work
upon this word. Hence he decided to re-
Store it to its' original beauty and-sig
nificance. Hence "Welsh rarebit."
Now, this is all wrong. "Welsh rabbit"
Is a genuine bit of slang belonging to a
large class of similar terms describing in
mock heroic language the favorite dish or
special product of a particular district.
Here are a few examples that are abso
lutely analogous: In London a sheep's
head stewed with onions Is called a "Field
Lane duck." Potatoes are "Irish apricots"
and "Munster plums." A herring is called
In different localities of England a "Digby
chicken,"- a ."Norfolk capon," a . "Dunbar
wether"; or a"Gourock ham." In France
it is humorous to call sl hcrrlng-a "poulet
de careme" (Lenten fowl). " . • '
In ' our own country,*' in New England,
codfish Is frequently known as "Cape Cod
turkey."
Similar examples abound in the lan
guage of every country. Yet In the face
of all these analogies the amateur ety
mologist * refuses to accept the common
sense explanation that the name "Welsh
rabbit" is simply a humorous recognition
of Taffy's fondness for toasted cheese.
the fond parents had turned to the knelp
plst as a last resort. \
"I 'don't think she walks any. better,"
said the lame child's mother. "But Kath
erine certainly has improved under this
treatment. These early mornings in the
park would put new life In any one."
And Indeed they would. There Is a
crispness in the air which routs that tired
feeling. Whether or not walking in the
wet grass will cure any or all of the evils
But all the .cells are not involved in
any kind of ; mental work, which means
that, one -part of the brain may be very
actively at work while the other is .rest-
Ing, and, storing, up: nerve fluid. I Thus it
is that -a s man* suffering • from brain' fag
may leave his books and go golfing or
cycling and feel that' he is really resting:
other cells are being. called upon for work
now, . while tho tired ones — those required,
for mental activity;— axe enjoying repose..
This latter condition -1b not often
reached, for the simple reason : that the
owner of the bra*ln is very much more
likely to; collapse. When, the cell has
yielded* hair its vitar fluid; you begin to
experience ' a . feeling - of - ? fatigue, and If
you, go' on drawing -the contents of the
cells you are doing yourself Injury in a
proportionate degree and nature will
make you pay for It in some way or
other. . . ¦ \ . . .-J-"
When our brains begin to work after a
refreshing rest or sleep they are. says
Pearson's Weekly, full of nerve fluid
which the absorbents of the body and
brain have stored up there like bees fill
their comb. So soon as work begins, this
vital force is sapped to meet the demands
upon the brain, and the process that goes
on during the whole time it is working
may be described in the following way:.
Imagine that these cells are small gob
lets filled with liquid, and that they have
a tiny stem, through which runs a tube,
or opening;, the liquid In the goblet is
drained by the demands of mind an.l
body,- and slowly trickles through -tho
opening, drop ; by ¦¦ drop. . until either the
work ceases or the goblet Is exhausted.
cent. They are, round and full,
and when seen under the microscope they
give evidence of being distended.
f rtfs Ts HoW YoUy
'Brain Tri-es.
; ¦ ••:¦•¦¦
BRAIN cells,* when quite fresh and
vigorous, may be likened to small
balloons Inflated ready for an as-
After the feet were dressed a brisk
walk was in order. . The little lame girl
watched us start wistfully, but bravely
kissed her hand and limped toward the
nearest car. I fell In step with Herr
Willman, for I had a query or two for
which he found ready answers. -f/T
He easily disposed of the question of
to which the human flesh Is heir, it cer
tainly gives tone and delicious warmth
to the entire body.
IT is high time that all lovers of Eng
lish should unite in common protest
against that barbarous collocation of
words "Welsh rarebit." Every now
and then in the past some good man has
raised his voice in a plea, for the right
phrase, "Welsh rabbit/' and has then dis
appeared. Such staccato protests have
proved unavailing. The word rarebit' has
now Insinuated itself upon 99 per cent ot
all the menus. The' smaller hotels caught
the habit from the greater ones. The
French and German hostelries Imitated
their American contemporaries. Nor is
this the worst. Owners of chophouses and
restaurants flaunt the offensive word on
their gilded signboards in the very faces
of the public at large.
Now, why is this? Not a dictionary of
to-day sanctions the use of "rarebit,"
though in a temporary, aberration of Judg
ment Worcester and Webster once did.
Perhaps hotel men are too busy to consult
dictionaries, x Then-, let them- hearken f.to
the indirect reproof they are continuously
receiving from their customers.
I, have- been in many, many places
where the menus announce "rarebits." I
have never heard any one order anything
else than a rabbit. Nay. the very waiter
who repeats the order to' the cook says
"Welsh rabbit."
That is. indeed, jone of the most curious
of all philological feats-^that by .-which
some amateur etymologist of the past
forced the wrongful substitution of "rare
bit" for "rabbit" upon the world. It has
ever been a common habit with the ety
mologlst of this breed 'when 'the. meaning'.
A Chance to c^ch
You? Fr-rend---'
One little girl limped painfully over
the grass, her blue-veined feet looking
too fragile even for her delicate frame.
"Hip disease" and "hopeless" had been
the verdict of the regular physicians, so
of all ages and conditions, many of them
cured of physical ailment but still walk
ing barefoct us a daily tonic. There were
others with diseases ranging from giddi
ness to gout, Irom headaches to heart
disease.
Herr Willman returned to the grass and
I to my shoe strings. "Keep moving
about." was his parting Injunction, so ; I
circled the "feet" plat watching the oth
ers. Herr Willman moved from one to
the other, advising and correcting, urging
all to walk In the' path of theorising sun.
They were a motley, collection of people
"It Is like sprinkling water on the flrei
The Interior warmth of the body uses the
water clinging to the exterior as material
for quickly bringing forth greater and
more intense heat."
"Wiping Is rubbing, and as It cannot be
done equally on every spot It produces
disproportionate natural warmth. This is
not of much consequence with healthy
people, but it is of great moment,- to sick
and weak ones. The non-wiping helps to
the most regular, most equal and most
ppeedy natural warmth.
Since I was with the Knelpplsts I did
as the Kneipplsts do, and thrust my feet,
into my shoes without wiping them. Herr
Willman explained the theory of non
wiping thus: "After a cold application
the body must not be wiped, except the
head and the hands as far as the wrist.
The latter is only done In order not to
wet the clothes when dressing. The wet
body is at once covered with dry under
linen and other articles of clothing. This
must be done as quickly as possible, so
that all the wet spots may be -closed her
metically.
After that first icy thrill I began to like
the sensation and felt aggrieved when
Herr Willman ordered me to "keep off
the grass." Ten minutes is the maximum
time allowed a novice, though the others
etay from a quarter to half an hour. The
dewy grass is softer than velvet and un
hampered by shoes there is an elasticity
impossible on pavements.
"A game of tag," suggested so'jie one,
and Immediately young and old were
chasing each other with flying feet, and
"you're it!" rang laughingly out as the un
lucky ones were tagged. If you've never
pulled off your shoes and 'tockies and
played tag on the wet grass you don't
know the deliciou s possibilities of the
game.
and taking her hand we ran briskly over
the grass. The sensation is like yet un
like that of electricity. There is some
thing fascinatingly irritating in the -elec
tric prickling, tingling, tickling sensation
of dewy grass.
The Knelpplst diagnosed me as "nerves"
And promised that the' Knelpp treatment
would quickly bring them to terms. I was
neatly labeled "nervous," and ordered to
appear at the park promptly at 7 o'clock
In the morning.
"Go and wash seven times In the river
Jordan and thy flesh shall recover health
and thou Ehalt be clean." So advises Holy
Writ.
Go and walk barefoot on the wet grass
and thy flesh shall recover health and
thou shalt be clean. So insist the Kneipp
lStS.
Of a truth a surprising number of peo
ple follow their advice. I found about fif
teen people running hither and thither on
the grass.
"Take off your shoes and stockings.
Hurry, we've Just begun." called their
leader. I sat down on a bench and obeyed
orders. Herr Willman approched me, ac
companied by two of the barefoot Knelpp
lsts, and Introduced them. They were
entirely unconscious of the fact that their
feet were bare, but not being acclimated
to the situation, I curled mine up under
my dress and blushlngly acknowledged
the Introduction.
Herr Willman ordered me to rise and
walk, so I was forced to disentangle my
feet. After the Knelpp cure one would bo
perfectly Qualified to play Trilby— from
the barefoot Etandpoini. The women either
wore very short skirts, or unconcernedly
tucked up their eklrts and pattered over
the frass.
At the first touch nay feet grew ley
numb and, rny courage rapidly oozing, I
made for the bench. A lady waylaid me,
Lord!"
Eaid the priest as ho departed. Which
Herr Willman kindly translated for me as
"All ye waters praise the name of the
"Aqua.© omnes laudent nomen I>omlnl,"
Park.
The Knelpp cure Jumped from Xew York
to San Francisco In care, of Herr WI11
xnan, graduate-disciple of Father Knelpp.
"A. "Wlllman. Hyflropathist," Is the offi
cial sign over the O'Farrell-street Knelpp
arlum where Herr "Willman dispenses the
"water-cure."
I waited for the hydropathlst In a tiny
office lined with diplomas granted him by
Father Knelpp. A Jesuit priest came out
of an Inner apartment evidently fresh
from the water treatment.
57 F you would watch the disciples o
! Father Kneff.p, you must get up wit*
ii the larks and go to Golden Gate Park.
Tcu -will find them m any fine morn
lr.gr ¦walkinp farcfoot on the dewy sward
The plat cf gra^s which they have adopt
ed for their own stretches under the
shadow of the Garfieid ptatue.
Thr**e years ago the Knelpp cure cam"
to town from Austria, via New York. The
Austrian sanitarium, founded by Father
Knelpp, had long been popular in Europe.
even royalty patronizing It. Shortly be
fore his death. Father Knelpp visited Xew
York with the result that the "barefoot
act" became a dally occurrence In Central
BAREFOOT OVER GOLDEN GATE PARK LAWNS
THE SmSTDAY CALIi.
6
HOW- T^^
THE W^Tgflone patient would be just as good. as the
bunch, and when, the doctor-had found
out what was the matter with him and
given him a prescription all he would have
to do. would be to buy six times as much
as was ordered, and then there would De
enough. to go round.
Just to be sociable thl3 fellow / packed
in one of the deer that they had been liv
ing on. Well, he came back without much
satisfaction, but plenty of medicine of one
sort or another— at anv rate,. the druggist
told him It was a good deal better.
In a few days" who should come chasing
up' to their camp but the doctor; The up
shot of. the whole matter was ' that
the doctor had found himself affected
the same way, but 'as he was an Eastern
man it didn't so much matter In his case.
He did some chemistry on the venison
that was left him and found the meat
jammed full of gold chlorides. - .
That made everything plain. Instead of
venison they had been eating a regular
"jag" cure and now they couldn't drink.
But the medicine man had, plenty of
"savey"— a heap more than the prospect
ors. Under his direction they trailed 'up
the runway of the deer and finally found
the place where they had their licks— for
you know deer must have something salt
to lick.
1 The prospectors had - been ; looking for
sylvanlte and the tellurides; they had no
Idea what gold chlorides looked like and
they had passed this place over a dozen
times as not worth so much as the tap
of a l.ammer.
The deer had been steadily licking the
outcrop until they were "fairly, charged
with ' the gold -' in its - chemical '- combina
tion, which passed into the men who fed
upon «' the venison. Tc-da*v I : am glad io
say, that is one of the best propositions
north of Crlpplo- -.Creek.— Forest .-.'juid
Stream. . ¦ , -y'^'* '" ¦¦ ¦
The -artesian wells of Eastern Algeria
have reconciled • tribes . whom') military '. ter
rorism Jailed to pacify. -The first appear
ance of ,the I rock drill ;. machinery \ merely
provoked their banter," but" when .unfailing
fountains of cold water burst forth and
filled tanks and refrigeration canals their*
jibes turned to Bilence and finally to
grunts of approval. Now they are besieg
ing the tents of the Government engineers
begging them to try their luck here and
there and promising' their political sup
port In case an aquatic treasure trove
should restore the productiveness "of their
parched out fields. \
¦ South 'Dakota has '*ii'- aggregate of 11,*
500,000 : acres "of vacant [ Government land,
which Is now subject to entry by qualified
applicants. &&&£&'"
trie W^Y P^ViOUS MSN COURTSD THSTR WTV5S
J*F there is any part of the life stories of
II great men which has a fascination for
11 every one it is certainly that which
tells us how they wooed and won their
wives,' and it. would seem that their differ
ent methods of lovemaking are. at least as
characteristic of the men as any other of
their, a'cts. : , , . -•
One cannot, for.. Instance, picture Uis
marck; laying a long siege to a lady's
heart and consuming himself with sighs
and: tears? .--It was characteristic of the
man that he should take Cupid by the ear
and compel him to subjection — and so he
did. It was at a wedding that he first saw
Fraulein von Puttkanimer, and to see was
to bevanquished. He had scarcely doffed
his wedding garments when he sat down
and wrote to her parents, demanding her
hand in marriage.
When Herr von Puttkammer received
this peremptory : demand from a younjr
man* whose repute was not too good, "Jt
was," he said, "as If some one had struck
me on the head with a heavy ax." ; How
ever, he invited the bold wooer to pay. him
a visit, and within : a few >. hours young
Bismarck made his appearance.
On his arrival the parents and daughter
were • prepared to give : him j a polite i and
formal welcome; but Bismarck's inten-
tlon3 were much more cordial, for. ignor
ing the extended hands of the parents, he
threw his arms around the daughter and
gave her a hearty and resounding kiss.
The citadel was stormed and within a few
minutes the Impetuous lover was formally
betrothed.
Mr. Gladstone's wooing was much more
conventional and ceremonious, as might
be expected. It was over a dinner table
that Miss Glynne caught her first glimpse
of the young man to whom she was to
devote her life. "Do you see that young
man?" a statesman who was sitting next
to her said. "Some .day he will be Prime
Minister of England."
No wonder the young girl's interest was
arouse'd; and when. In the winter follow
ing, they met again In the lovers' land oi
Italy, what wonder that the wooing pro
ceeded apace, and that the foundation of
one of the most beautiful married lives In
history was laid?
* No man ever had a more romantic woo
ing than Richard Biinsley Sheridan when
he determined to make Miss Llnley, the
beautiful "Nightingale of Bath." s hls wife.
She counted her suitors by the score, but
Sheridan's „ romantic devotion won her
heart. He diguised himself as a coach
man merely to have the pleasure of drir-
Ing her; he escorted her to a Trench nun
nery to rescue her from the persecutions
of an odious wooer, with whom ha fought
two duels on her behalf. And this was
but a type of the chivalrous adventures
which ultimately enabled him to lead her
to the altar In April, 1773.
His second wooing was Just as persist
ent. When Sheridan first met the beauti
ful daughter of the Dean of Winchester
he was a middle-aged man, and anything
but personally fascinating. Miss Ogls
could not bear the sight of him. and
called him "an odious creature" and "a
ridiculous fright," but within a short time
she was glad to give her hand and heart
to the "most fascinating man In TVifi^rni.
and a husband of whom any girl mlgrht b«
proud."
It was Mrs. Lewis rather than Disraeli
who did the wooing, for she mads no con
cealment of her admiration for the rising"
statesman, and pursued him with atten-.
tions which In a younger woman would
have been Indecent. And yet the "dowdy
widow" succeeded, where mera youth and
beauty would certainly have failed, for
who can resist the worship of a woman?
And she succeeded by a life-long* devotion
In winning: her husband's heart as well w
hl3 gratitude. gMBjHBHgBBBMBBBjMB|
The transport question Is the great
thing here. I can buy rice for £7 (gull
dcrs) a plcul at Govontalo. It costs m« £-1
for transportation, thus £13 a pieul. Now
the Bone concession have a good trail
cut to their farthest camp, sixteen mile*
from Govontalo. There transport can
come fourteen miles In bullock carts; tha
rest of the way it has to be packed by
coolies or native horses. The latter will
pack only 100 pounds. A coolie packs 60
pounds. A picul Is 136 pounds. So you sea
transport Is a great item and It Is Impos
sible to take a wagon on the present
trail, as It crosses the Bone River six
times, besides twenty or thirty small ones.
For two miles the trail Is In the bed of
a small river and It is very rough on tho
horses, but if necessarv I think a eood
trail to the south coast could be found.
At present we havo to be satisfied with
the old trail.
When we first came hero we had a
couple of Dutch assistants, bat §lnc<»
last October I have been alone, as they
were only a nuisance. I now employ na
tives only and get double the work done.
It Is a pretty lonely life, but I have a rood
dog and a couple of good ponies and can
now ride to Govontalo and to the mlna
now and then. But If my partner should
ro away again I'm afraid I might b«
lonely In my Jungle.
¦ ' r R- PARKTN CTSH.
most honest crowd I ever met- I nerr«r
lock up any of my liquors and tobacco
and cigars are always left on the veranda.
I have never lost anything yet.
The Transvaal wax has caused & lot oC
bad feeling: out here, but I'm away out
of It all. I get papers sent regularly from
Singapore and London, but am always
a month behind the times.
ways. Labor Is cheap and rood. For na
tive labor I pay xny men 15 gnll<3er» a
month, •with rice and salt fish, and I r«t
the pick of native labor. Thesa peopla
are the best and cheapest I have found so
far. The mining coolies get 15 guilders,
others only 12 guilders, and these men
will pound a drill or put In a set of tim
bers as well as It can be- done. They
are Govontalese men. There- axe several
distinct races In the Celeb«3. They ar» th«
This went on for several days, getting
worse every day, and -they were getting
so beastly sober that it was like mak
ing new acquaintances all around. At last
they decided to send one of the party In
to Colorado Springs to . consult . a - doctor.
The way they figured it out was that as.
they were all. afflicted In the tame way
They decided to give it another trial,
but It was no go. When they got it to
their lips they couldn't get it any further.
They not only did not want It, but they
had an aversion to it.
After dinner they brought out the demi
john and filled up all around. It was no
difficult thing for that crowd to pour the
stuff down— the trouble came Immediately
afterward. One gagged; another choked
until the tears streamed from his eyes
all were in difficulties.
"Who's been monkeying with this
whisky?" said one as soon as he could
get his voice.
"First time I ever knew whisky to go
back on me," said another.
and they cooked It and had It ready for
dinner when the others got back. That
venison went Just to the right spot, and
the camp unanimously agreed to this
man being authorized to keep them sup
plied with fresh meat
OTTT in Colorado there are a great
many rich ores that present the
gold In certain chemical combina
natlons which nothing but cya
r.lde will break down and liberate the
elemental gold. Under such conditions
the prospector has to be somewhat more
of a mineralogist than when his search
te conSned to placer, quartz and gravel
gold.
In at the back of Pikes Peak there was
the fresh kind-
Well, he brought back a deer that day,
a camp of half a dozen prospectors, for
they had found a good line of country
rock and were working out In all direc
tions. I regret to say that very many of
these adventurous miners are heavy
drinkers, and the men In this camp were
r.o exception. What Is worse, they had
an abundant supply of the stuff, and
every night after their exhausting labors
above the line of 10,000 feet of altitude
they gave a close Imitation of a debauch.
All this time they were feeding on bacon
and salt pork, and canned goods once In
a while Just by way of variety. But one
day a member of the party sighted a herd
of deer, and the next day be took a day
off with his rifle. Baying it was about time
the camp had som« real meat— come- of
THEY POUND 3N TNVOUW3RY. SOUD > V CUR5
THE STJKDAY CA!LIj.
my partner went away I
\s)\// Tvas alone, up here in the Jungle.
\j u Alone means away from the faces
of white men ; away from the
tongue of white men. Here in the Jungle
Et-ans 2O0JOM acres of unknown land In the
Celebes. I can hear from your world three
timfF a month by going to the mail at
Goront.-iiO. forty-five miles away. Then I
come back to my jungle again.
I came here to mine. There Is gold in
the island, and perhaps other treasures,
too. but Jt is not jriven to every one to
End them. Seme have lost and have gone
back ruired men. As in all new coun
trlr-s, there have been swindles and paper
concession?; but there Is gold here, and in
good-paylr.p quantities.
The Paleleh concession has shipped sev
eral hundred tons of ore averaging from
£5 to £73 per ton, and other concessions
cut here are promising well, too. But the
truth of the matter is most of the con
cessions have been ruined by bad man
egement and ridiculous expenditure of
their capital on absolutely useless work.
These Dutch companies must have an ad
mlnistrateur as well as engineer; the
former, as a rule a coffee planter, retired
oScer or government servant, who has
never seen a mln* and knows absolutely
nothing, and could cot tell gold from
j>yrlte« to cave his soul; they make a
big clearing, build a big settlement, hire
a big staff of useless assistants, cut trails
like Market street and do a lot of useless
surveying. Where they have no engineer
they get gulled by the natives and send
In glowing reports to their company. We
have had two of them, one at Bone and
ore at Plnogo concessions, and heaven
knows how much they cost the company
before they were found to be useless ap
pendages and discharged.
Of course. Jt Is only natural that these
people wish to have a Dutchman as ad
xnlnlstraieur, but the trouble Is there are
no Dutch mining men. consequently we
g«t a lot of useless hoodlums. I am not
complaining about the Dutch, but about
their system of administration. Qur com
pany, or at least the directors, are Jolly,
nice xnen and we all pull together and
everything goes smoothly, and the Dutch
companies are, take them all round, good
people to work for. But there have been
and are some frauds. On one concession
was discovered a braes lead; on another
the administrates informed me that there
was native amalgam— that after roasting
an ore all night they panned and got native
amalgam. Oh, ye gods and little fishes!
Another concession found native zinc that
could be cut out in bars.
I have a good settlement here now—^a
blacksmith shop and assay office with a
few other buildings serve for my head
quarters. All the prospecting Is done In
the rivers and creeks, as the whole coun
try is a dense mass of jungle and forest.
The mountains from foot to summit are
one mass of Jungle, with from four to ten
feet of surface soil. It is the toughest
country to prospect I ever -struck. For
Instance, I have a small camp about
twelve miles from here. This means fol
lowing up the river, ¦wading half the time
and crossing It seventeen times.
We have a trail for pack ponies, but it
is so bad that all transport is brought up
by coolies. It takes the coolies a day and
a half to get there, and a man can carry
only about thirty pounds', the trail beln*
This camp Is 2700 feet above sea lovel.
Tinandor Camp is 900 feet, situated in the
' center of a large valley. "We have done
a* lot of work on some reefs about three
miles from here (Bengianla) : they
have* assayed from one ounce to;
four ounces ten pennyweights gold,
but at present cannot say how
they will turn out, as the whole country
is so broken up. At present they are
showing good copper, some of the mala
chite and boonlte being very fine, the lat
ter assaying as high as copper 37 per
cent, gold one ounce, but this . was a
picked sample, and at present, the
tfopper enly occurs In small deposit*. I
should not be: surprised If we Btrlke.lt
rich by sinking.
This is a fiendish country for fever. and
sickness. I have been phenomenally lucky/;
so far haying escaped scott f ree, ' and ,' I
can verily, say I am ; the only white man
here who so far has escaped.' The others
all get malaria and fever more or less
and many have to leave the country-
The place abounds, in game, but . the
jungle Is so dense that we seldom get a
shot at the wild pigs or barbarous* (long-
leg-fired pigs with four tusks, two In tne
lower and two In the upper Jaw; the lat
ter curl back and In some cases meet the
skull). These brutes are both savage and
dangerous. Musk cats; . sloths and sapi
outans, wild cows and monkeys In pro
fusion, and snakes. This Is the place for
snakes; it is the land of the python. I
have had six since January, the smallest
nineteen feet, the largest twenty-flve feet.
One I got and could not save measured
between thirty-three : and thirty-five feet
long 1 .' I know people will say, "Oh. yes,
snake yarns." The day before yesterday
I got one twenty-flve feet long and have
him alive here 'now. and- last night tho
people from a native village brought me
one In a big bamboo box. He died this
morning. My men are now busy skinning
him; he measures twenty-one feet. I have
a standing reward out for large snakes,
but. as you 'can imagine. It Is a ticklish
job getting them. I would have given
something to save that big chap thirty
three to thirtv-flve fee*, but he was
twelve miles from the settlement- The
natives tied him up with rattan and
speared him with bamboo and when I got
to him the files and ants had started in.
I sot his skeleton. It is seldom one cap
tures a perfect ekln; they generally get
torn or wounded somewhere. When we
find a snake we slip lassoes (of green
cane) over his head. In most cases he
chokes himself. My twenty-flve-footer
Is at present very lively. He has a couple
of skin-deep wounds, but I think he will
live and grow larger.
The natives here are a mixed lot; their
religion a kind of bastard Mohammedan
ism. They will not eat pork and are very
particular about their food In many other
7
CURIOUS EXPERIENCE OF AN AMERICAN IN NORTH CELEBESTho soul of Dorothea Klumpks dwells
among: tho stars which aro her nightly
study. From which familiar funereal
statement It mnst not bo inferred that sao
has gone to any other than earthly glory.
She lives and labors and Is ono of tho
happiest of women in this happtno«s-«cant
world. ADA PATTERSON.
-Altnough the preceding tnree nights 1
had had little repose, and had con
centrated all my attention for tho last
four hours on the stars, I was not fa
tigued. In moments like these the soul is
strong enough to cut loose from Its bodily
weights. It mounts In serene atmospheres
and seeks and finds there tho consoling
and pure gratification of its longings."*
A Close Shave.
"An officer often has to risk his lift to
protect a prisoner," remarked an old rail
road detective tho other day "but gener
ally a llttlo strategy will outwit a mob.
Tho queerest caso of that kind I ev»r
heard of happened years a*o, out In Colo
rado at a place called Carbon-villa. It
was a pretty tough mining' camp, andr ono
night, in a brawl, the town marshal va«
shot dead by a gambler named Connors.
Tho murderer was a stranger In tho placo
and managed to make his escape, but tho
marshal had been very popular, and tho
miners swore all kinds of vengeance.
About a week later a couplo of deputy
sheriffs captured Connors at a placo some
thirty miles away jind decided to Uko
him to the next county eeat for Bafe keep
ing. The road ran through Carbonvtllo,
and as the news of the arrest had already.
•Tho exact position of th« star is deter
mined by tho relation to theso linos. Each
plate contains from seventy to 1400 stars."
Miss Klumpke 1« a slender woman with
piquant face and winsome address. 6ho
lives, not with her ulster Anna at th^
chateau bequeathed by the lamented Bpn
hour, but In Paris— In Paris, so as to bo
Bear tho observatory. Her mother and
lister Julia live with nor at tho pretty
pension with the unpoetlc address. No. 10
Froi do Veau. Her life is a most regnlar
one, unvaried by little or no social recre
ation. .The nights find her In the observa
tory; tho days asleep until well toward the
dinner hour. There Is a short time for a
drive, some Inevitable correspondence or
some inevitable shopping— Miss Klumpke
courts neither— then dinner and a family
chat afterward. Then away again to the
observatory. A dockllke life for any
woman not old, but Dorothea Klumpke
says she craves no other. The poetry of
"To study, the plates obtained the milli
meter squares aro subdivided by means
»f threads from spiders* wobs, this being
the most delicate substance known. Steel
threads have been tried and/are In use
in some plaees. but on tho whole their re
sults are not as food as those from
spiders.
three stars fonnm* a triangle. When
this triangle Is perfect tho dark spot on
the plato Is nroved to bo a star. "With
the large stars this triangle is only vls«
ible as a spot until greatly magnified. The
¦mailer stars aro visible as triangles un
der slight enlargement.
life she seeks and says she finds In tne
stars. . Speaklns of he* balloon trip from
the plain of St. Denis to the Norman har
bor of St. Germaln-sur-Ay, 176 mllef from
Paris, In pursuit of knowledge of tho vis
iting Leonids, she said:
"The balloon continued to rise, and the
earth, **S a dying song, went further and
furth. Ao silence.
heavens the five millimeter space repre
sents, flvo minutes of ' arc As every de
fect of the silver impresses the gelatin,
and since, moreover, the sensitive sub
stance .itself often and ' unavoidably has
defects,", each star Is taken three times
with sin exposure of twenty" minutes, the
plate being slightly moved between the
exposures/ so that the result obtained- is
promotions, wm be received by -me as
Dlrectrlce du Bureau do l'Observatoire de
Paris. .
"Astronomy has been . called monoton- ;
ous; the study, night after night, year
after year, of tho same lights and tho
same combinations. But It : is monot ony
on the sublime scale, which ' rises to the
variety of infinitude."
Then Miss Krampke consented with
much less reluctance to talk mor« techni
cally. . •
' "I am deeply Interested In astral pho
tography," she said. ~- "It is the latest
and greatest aid to* astronomers.'^ The suc
cess of the Harvard observers -with the
Bpectral analysis of stars, to determine
the vapors which prove their composition.
UP In Renssclaer County a prosper
ous farmer Is the owner of a team
of mustangs which are serviceable
drivers and can make good time
on the road. The ether day he drove them
something like twenty miles and it was
deep twilight when they were four miles
from home. A chilly rain had begun, and
having no cover and no umbrella he urged
them forward. Just as the darkness grew
dense and black the team stopped short.
The driver tried coaxing first, then the
whip, but they would not move.
Nothing of the kind had ever happened
before. The team had been skittish at
times, but never balky. The driver at last
pot out to reason with them. or. rather,
with the brown mare that was the team's
leader Of course everv team has a
leader that determines its course as abso
lutely as a walking delegate determines
en the course of a lot of cloakmakers. Ho
patted the mare on the head and spoke
to her gently, but ebe only put her ears
back and whinnied softly.
Here was a clear case of a strike for
chewing tobacco entirely outside the walls
of a penitentiary. Mustangs are queer
creatures, anyhow.
All at once a bright thought struck him.
He. recalled that he had more than once
amused himself by srlving to this mare
some chewing tobacco. She had always
taken it readily enough. Horses often
have a predilection for the tobacco habit
Deer, by the way, nave the same fond
ness. The weed seems to be a sort of
tonic for both hordes and deer. Th«
driver remembered also that he had a
large plug of tobacco :n his pocket — a 10
cent plug, he called it.
He took this plug out and -was wonder
ing how he could break off a piece for th«
mare, when she put down her mouth and.
with the pettishness of a child, snatched
the whole plug out of his hand. She
chewed with the greatest satisfaction and
he. being familiar with horses, concluded
that the balking was over, got Into the
carriage and drove along. There was no
further trouble.
"A dozen men in th« crowd declared
positively that the> deputy was the ->al
murderer and they simply laughed at his
papers and star. "It's too thin!" said the
leader, 'we'll give you a couple of minutes
to say your prayers, and then up you go:'
At that stage, when Hisgins' life wasn't
worth an old button, a miner came rush-
Ing up with the news that two men had
been badly hurt In a runaway on the edg»
of camp and that one of them was iiand
cuffed. That startled the crowd, and
they suspended proceeding to investigate
It seemed that the other officer with iha
bona fide prisoner bad attempted to cut
around town at top speed and ran his
buggy Into a little gulch. He had hjs
collar bone broken and Connors fractured
his leg. When they carried them Into -i
bam it was seen at once that there hart
been a mistake, and. somehow or other
the Idea that they had come within an
ace of stringing up the wrong man tooic
all the lynching spirit out of The mob
Connors was allowed to go through, spent
six months In Jail, got a change of venua
and was actually acquitted on trial I
don't know what became of aim, Hlr*
gins died a year or so ago. That's a trua
story, boys, and the very closest call In my
memory."-New Orleans Tlmes-DeinocraS
"It was about dusk when the wagon
reached Carbonvllle." continued the »e
tective, "and. Just as they expected, a
crowd of tough citizens were In waiting;.
They promptly held up the team, and tho
spokesman told the officers that the -ood
citizens of the camp Lad decided it wasn't
worth while to waste any money giving
Connors a regular trial. The .-nly t g
that was needed, he Mid, was a slort
piece of hemp, and they brought a section
of shaft rope, all ready for the ceremony.
The deputy began to expostulate to rain
time, but they cut him short and started
to drag Hlgglns out of the wagon, while
some of the others threw the loose end. of
the rope over a near-by limb. They looked,
critical, and the deputy got rattled. \noM
on, boys:* he yelled, 'that isn't the manl*
And with that he blurted out the whole
story as fast as his tongue could wag. As
they might have anticipated. If they had
had any sense, the explanation was re
ceived with Jeers. Ycu see, Connors had
been in camp only a few hours before he
got Into the shooting scrape, and Hlgglns
was himself a strangrer in that locality; so
it was easy to confuse them, especially aa
they really did Iflok a!!k*
"At last one of the deputies, a reckles*
sort of a chap named Jaks "Rlggtam, eux
frested a scheme. 'I look a Rood deal Ilk*
Connors,' he said, 'and those folks over
there hardly know him. Suppose I play
prisoner, while we send our man thro-ugrtv
town by a back road. They ain't going 1 t»
hang me right away sudden, and while
they are pow-wowlng about it Connors
will be through and gone. Then wo can
tell 'em who I am. show >m otxr badges
and papers, have the- laugh on the gtms
and follow* on behind.' This brilliant Idea,
which would have, occurred to nobody but
a scatter-brained lunatic like Hlsrstes,
was promptly adopted. Ho was hand
cuffed, put in a wagon between two depu
ty sheriffs and the- real prisoner brought
up the 'rvar with another officer la a
buggy.
roacned that camp ans a tinea it t» tmrwr
pitch, they calculated, -very correctly.
that there was likely to b« trouble when
they showed up.
A TOBACCO-CHEWING MARE.
ROSA EOX^EUR, by bequeathing
to her her fortune, made Anna
Klumpke, the artist, famous. Dor
othea Klumpke. by patient, pains
taking rightly study of the stars. Is mak
ing herself famous. And the greater of
these sisters is the astronomer.
Dorothea Klumpke. D. M. S.. Is the way
they "¦frrite her down" in the Paris to
which this American girl has been trans
planted. The Callfornienne has flourished
In the gay city, which, despite its flip
pancy, is an ardent admirer and encour
ager of bright women. It has recognized
her as and already named her "the second
Maria Mitchell."
The University of Parts had. after a
polite hearing, disdained many a wouldbc
astronomical thesis by many a woman
wouldbe astronomer. To Miss Klumpke
It cheerfully awarded the degree of doctor
of mathematical sciences. It could not re
fuse it after her mathematical thesis on
"The Rings of Saturn." She sustained
this thesis before Professors Darboux,
Tlsserand and Andoyer, and at the con
clusion M. Darboux Fa Id:
"Tour thesis Is the first which a woman
has presented and successfully maintalnci
•with our faculty to obtain this degree.
Tou worthily open the way and the fac
ulty votes unanimously to declare you
•worthy of obtaining the degree- of doc
tor." There is not in Paris nor in France
an astronomer who does not hold in high
esteem Dorothea Klumpke, D. M. S..
Amerlcaine.
As a member of the staff of the Paris
Observatory she works nightly and often
•Jose In the big tower wherein the science
of the world Is being enriched. She Is at
the head of the force whose duty it is to
high standards. On November 16. 1P09,
France. Germany and Russia rnnrtp official
observations of the I^eonlds, whose re
turn had long been eagerly waited for
by astronomers and the disciples of as
tronomers. The French Society of Aerial
Navigation chose Miss Klumpke to rep
resent it on the expedition to the heavens.
She accomplished the perilous feat and
made an official report through the 'Bul
letin de la Societe Astronomique de
France."
Like most of the world's greatest work
ers Miss Klumpke Is modest. She depre
cates her achievements and hepes to dis
count them. It was only in an unguarded
moment of girlish enthusiasm about her
work that she said:
"As a child in San Francisco I would
sit for hours at night watching the stars.
This fascination developed into a passion
for astronomical pursuits. Later, while
receiving my -education in Germany and
Switzerland the success of women in as
tronomy, as taught by ancient and con
temporaneous history, gave me courage to
attempt the life for which I longed.
"After taking my scientific degrees In
the University of Paris I was admitted
as a student to the Paris Observatory in
November. 188C. That was the greatest
day of my life, one that I can never for
get. For five months I worked with all
my energies at the preliminary studies.
When, in 1SS7, the predecessors of the
Permanent Committee for Astral Photog
laphy and for the Survey of the Heavens
met here they needed a translator. As I
was said* to have command of English,
French and German, with knowledge ol
the scientific terms of the three languages,
I was asked to do the work. This I un
dertook and tho committee was kind
SVSRY NTGR?
OF HSR
UPS T$
SPENT
AT THE .
Tsuescpps.
measure and reduce the star photographs
taken at the observatory. She makes in
dependent observations and 1b a regular
contributor to the "Bulletin of the French
Astronomical Society," a magazine o.'
enough to compliment me ftr rne way Id
which It was done.
"In a few days, when they hold . their
next meeting In Paris, these gentlemen,
to whom I owed my first and subsequent
THE SUNDAY CALL.
8
THE WORLD GREATEST ASTRONOMER
A SAN FRANCISCO
GIRL
la leading: us to concentrate our endeavors
on astral photography.
"This is done by means of photographic
plates which have been put In contact
with silver plates, so'rtdged that the sil
ver will mark the sensitive plate In
squares of five millimeters. Since one mill
imeter represents one minute of arc in the"Are you so anxious, master," faltered
Kuei-lien In Chinese, "that she should
go?"
Mr. Pericord turned his large eyes full
on the boy. Their pupils dilated to the
rim of the iris, as if a mortal pain had
gripped his heart.
"For her sake, for her sake!" he groan
ed. "Yes. Kuei-lien: you— Miss Beriskoff.
I mean — must leave me, must leave Pe
king."
. "But if she would rather stay?" falter
ed the boy in a low voice, hanging his
head.
"It cannot be — no. It /"cannot be."
Kuei-lien moved near 'to him and lifted
his deep and pleading eyes.
"Let me stay, master. Only as your
servant — only - a native servant, who
would, rather die by ycur side than go
back to a life of gayety."
"Kuei-lien, we are speaking df Miss
BeriPkoff." said Mr. Periecrd. hopelessly.
"Listen, child; you do not understand.
She might have been my own daughter.
Count Bcriskcff and I were friends:
twenty years ago I was not always a
recluse. Sometimes. desipientes, we
shared the same pleasures together:
shared "
"may still be in Peking. If so. it would
be natural that she should seek the pro
tection of her father's relatives. The
United States Legation Is the only one
which i3 regarded with friendship by the
Tsung-11 Yamen. , I think that a party
qulckly leaving that legation would fie
unmolested. Go. I beg of you. Kuel Lien,
and at once, and tell them what I say.
And if by any means you could find and
warn Miss Beriskoff "
On the 10th of June the recorder of vic
tories, at the Board of War received a
telegram from the Viceroy of Tientsin an
nouncing the departure of Seymour's re
lief column. The S. G.. as head of a cour
ier service which worked in conjunction
with the Imperial Post, had close rela
tions with this board, and the ominous in
formation reached him ten minutes after
it had been deciphered.
Mr. Pericord appeared utterly prostrat
ed by the news. Every one on his staff
had perceived in his conduct since the
outbreak an indecision and preoccupation
very different to his usual attitude in
crises, but his distress on receipt of the
welcome Intelligence puzzled even Cinder
pan.
"What has come over the chief?" he
said to the second secretary. Hayrick.
"Is he sinking into dotage, or is there
something behind all this which none of
us has suspected? I'll never believe that
he meant to bring off the Pao-Wang rev
olution himself."
"Pooh, the S. G. has enough to think
about without changing the Government.
It's my belief he wants to retire, and fore
sees that If the powers take over the Gov
ernment of Peking they will force him to
take the helm. It'll mean an earldom and
ail that, of coutse. and be a dooced fine
thing for the service, but It looks to me
as if there was a private worry on his
mlr-* "
THE FLIGHT THAT FAIITED.
CHAPTER XXIII.
through. It was signed by Mr. Pericord
and addressed to any officer of the reliev
ing column into whose hand3 it should
fall. It"" simply said that the position_was
desperate and the column must hasten or
it would be too late. The messenger had
left the city on June 24.
After that no news came out ' for a
month. The only information vouch-
Eafed to the world was issued in a garbled
and equivocal form by the Taotai of
Shanghai, who was in telegraphic com
munication with the Governor of Chinan.
Chinan is the capital of the province of
Shangtung and lies five hundred miles
north of Shanghai and three hundred
miles south of Peking. The Governor of
the province was one Yuan, r.n ambitious
and capable general. A noble pampnlet
eer having, in a widely read, book, xe
ferred to this general's troops as the best
drilled brigade in China. Yuan Shih-hal
became, during this anxious interregnum
of silence, the prime bogey of the profes
sional manufacturer of news. The in
formation they supplied about his army
was copie,d verbatim from the noble
traveler's report, which had been written
eighteen months previously, long before
Yuan become Governor of Shantung.
THE SUNDAY CALL.
"You will marry *ine, then, my daiiing?" foe whispered, bending toward her.
invincible. It had lost 400 men in killed
and wounded and narrowly escaped anni-
hilation. It had not reached Peking.
On the 17th of June,* when news was
received that Seymour had been attacked
by imperial troops under Tung the forts
of Taku were bombarded. This was a
declaration of war against China, ' In.
which Russia took the leading part an-1
the United States stood aloof. The act;
which was unprovoked, destroyed the last
chance of. peace. It threw tne imperial
troops into the arms of the Boxers,
whether their commanders followed or
not. The Taku garrisons retreated toward
Tlentsln, breathing fury and vengeance,
Peking, entirely cut off. was forgotten,
Reinforcements were, hurried to Tientsin
to save the garrison .there. For three
weeks 10,000 troops were besieged in the
forelgn settlement. On the l4m of July
they captured the native city of Tien-
tsin and were then only in a position to
think of relieving Peking.
But nothing was done. A week was
spent in Jealous recriminations among
the different generals. United action fell
to the ground. The Russians, convinced
by the unexpected attack on their Man-
churian railway that their cherished
scheme to pose as China's champion was
based on a blind miscalculation, laid furl-
ous hands on the Tientsin-Taku Rail-
way for fear they should be left behind*
ln the division of the spoil. The British
admiral retired in disgust to Shanghai. :
The Japanese hung back, their policy
changed by the unexpected energy of the
Chinese forces on the Russian frontier.
which might make an Invasion of Korea
more profitable than an invasion of Chi.
'whose widely scattered officials could do
nothing without the Imperial consent. Two
-railways, one from the coast at Tientsin
and one from the interior at.Paotlng, ran
to within a few miles of its walls. Its
population was over a million, in constant
intercourse with tho country beyond. This
country was densely populated all the way
to the coast, and rumor would spread over
a hundred miles like, a fire signal. Within
the city- were a thousand foreigners, of
whom at least a score . raantalned large
staffs of native' servants, from among
whom at least a dozen trusty messengers
could bo found. Mr. Pericord had con
trolled an organized courier service for
twenty years. Bishop Favier numbered
among his parishicners hundreds of de
voted converts who would cheerfully court
martyrdomfor his 6ake. Among the resl
dents were three gentlemen.who acted as
special correspondents of great English
newspapers, and who were perfectly well
aware that any news that they could send
out would be cheaply conveyed at a price
which to a Chinaman would be a fortune,
In the student-interpreter and revenue
messes were dozens of daring riders pos
eessed of racing? ponies which could out
distance all pursuit, who from mere sport
ing instinct would embrace the opportun-
Ity to run the gauntlet.. And*finally, the
Embassadors were In command of six
hundred picked troops armed with Max
lms and revolvers, as well as .with maga
zlne rifles, who might be supposed cap
able of forcing a way through the gates
Jn the face of the whole Chinese army. * •
And yet during seven weeks not a single
letter had been received .from;the lega
tiona. Oaly ' ona message bad coma
"Oh. he's in love!" laughed a junior.
Betting off his stock witticism. This je
june chestnut had come into vogue from
some private theatricals given by the
mess.
In the meantime Mr. Pericord had re
mained lost in sad reflections.
"Impossible. -impossible," he murmured
to himself poignantly.
Then, with vacillating' hand, he rang
the bell. Kuei-lien appeared. •
"My boy." Mr. .Pericord said, not look
ing at" the youth, but speaking very gent
ly,-"I -must again intrust to you a mis
sion which I may not perform openly. A
foreign army has to-day started from
Tientsin to rescue the envoys here; by so
doing it seals their doom. This army is
an army of invasion, but in numbers it Is
a mere battalion, quite inadequate for the
purpose. It will simply enrage the Gov
ernment, and its certain defeat will send
the waverinff to the banners of Prince
Tuan." •
He paused for a little while and then re
sumea\
"To-morrow or the next day all the for
eigners in Peking will be prisoners. The
next few hours are the last chance for.
the women to withdraw. If there is a
general exodus suspicion will be aroused
and they will be stopped. Only a few,
therefore, can go. Count BenskofT, un
like his successor, "was my friend. I He
married an American, and some of his
wife's. relatives are at present guests of
my equally good friend, Mr. Conger.
Count Beriskoff had a daughter"— —
He : turned- away and looked out of the
window. Kuei-lien was, silent.
"Miss Beriskoft." continued 'tha'S. Gl
An hour later come ladies. Including
Miss and Miss Woodward, left the
United States legation in closed carts, es
corted by Under Secretary Balnbridgre and
a squad of marines. Unexpected- deferrnce
was shown to them by the guards of the
Ha Ta sate* an<l jthex cassed tlu-ou^h
BLAKE GETS HI9 PROMOTION.
CHAPTER XXIV.
The boy fell on his knees and sobbed
with passionate silence over his master's
hand. Then Mr. Pericord bent over him
and kissed his brow with Infinite tender
ness.
"My daughter," he whispered, "do you
understand?"
"No— no— I love you!" cried the, boy..
Mr. Pericord's voice hardened.
"Go. Kuei-lien." he said, gravely, with
a slight emphasis on the Chinese name
"No breath of scandal must ever rest
on the name of Miss Beriskoff; nor will I
even In the privacy of my own heart
recognize any fact which would compro
mise her. Go, boy; every moment Is
precious. And." he added. wearily
"Ching, not tsai-chien, Kuei-lien." ("Pre
sentiment tells me that I may not see' you
again.")
is passed. Better that I had continued
to suspect her. Tell her— tell her. Kuei
lien. that I shall never forgive myself —
never forget her. Tell her that now—
now, when I must never see her again—
she takes away with her an old man's
love; a love which he would not be at
liberty to titter, which would only be a
shame and weariness to her — "
In ret-ponse to the feeble protest of the
<iplcmatic corps, which was dated the
Kst of May. there appeared a few day»
la-.' r an Imperial proclamation paternally
requesting the Boxers to deal g-entiy
with tho Christians, as they were quite
harmless people, whose only object was
to spread a gospel in some respects as
respectable as that of Confucius, and to
Insert the wedge of a barbarian civili
sation which In other lands had been the
invariable prelude to conquest.
Now. ever since the treaty of 1561,
which op«sed China to the missionaries,
there had been adopted a curious cipher
in ill proclamations having reference to
CHAPTER XXII.
THE SILENCE OF PEKING.
"Of course you will have to stand by
your own legation as long as it is possi
ble to keep up a show of diplomatic rela
tions with this scoundrelly Yamen. It !•
a pity that your Government Js not a lit
tle more generous in its building grants.
Send your missionary women over to me
If you are crowded. Ketteler, I presume,
can hold the east end of the street unless
they put a gun on the wall behind; but
the moment Ketteler is pushed in you
must all come over to my place and make
the best of it."
"That Is very good of you."
"If It comes to shelling us from the
Chien Men, well. Samovar will intercept
eorne of the trouble. He never expected
to play shield to to the British Legation,
111 be bound. And between ourselves.
Conger"—
The rest cf Claude's words were uttered
In a whisper.
"An excellent suggestion, sir; and we
wilt rig up a heliograph as well, besidea
working Pericord's splendid notion of a
balloon. But— look here. Conger — " Sir
Claude laid his hand on the Minister's
ehoulder. "As you £ay, I have been in
tight places before; things were not al
ways comfortable at Zanzibar, to say
riothlr.g of the Niger territories. Xow—
this is a awkward thing to talk
about. Do you eee those paper packages?
Our doctor has had a hundred of them
put up. As an ordinary prescription they
•would be marked 'Poison.' Put a few in
your pocket. It's a ghastly thing for a
man to have to shoot his own wife, don't
you know."
"May I ask you for a drink?" said Mr.
Conger, sinking into a chair v.-lth shaking
hands. "Insomnia has played the devu
with my nerves. Thank you. Tes, if it
comr-s to that—"
"We 6hali have to pall together and rely
on ourselves, that is obvious. Our men
will not work with Dutchmen and Da
co«?s."
•"Mr. gamovar and Mr. Pichon appear to
be concocting some private arrangement
cf their own. and Baron Ketteler appears
to resent any suggestion on military mat
ters. You, thank God, are a soldier, and
have dealt ¦with similar situations be
fore. Between us we musttr, I think,
200 English-speaking men. As Mr!
Samovar refuses to have a telephone pass
ed over his roof, my secretary, Mr. Squier.
suggests this code of flash sijrnals be
tween us tn case of attack by night."
"Nor between mine and those of my
reiphbor Kett^ler." replied the United
States Minister, visibly distressed. "I tell
you. Sir Claude, it is not much use my
pretending to be equal to this emergency.
I have not slept for three nights and the
thought of my wife ar;d my guests un
mans me. I look to vou to decide on the
proper military measure* to be taken "
"Just so; and we don't mean to. But I
wish to God your legation was next to
mine. In times of danger British and
American hiuc-jackets have always been
brothers. But I am sorry to say there is
little love lost between my men and thpse
of my neighbor Samovar."
"We have put our hand to the plow
2nd we cannot turn back if we want to.
as Mr. Dooly puts it," replied the United
fctates Minister with his* quiet smile.
"Mr. Conger." said Sir Claude Macdon
ald. "we are in a trap. We have got to
ect our backs against the wall and pre
pare for the worst. I certaini" did not
quite realize the magnitude of Tuan's
preparations when I determined to hoid
the legation and I see now that if Sey
mour is defeated we stand a poor chance
cf petting out of Peking alive."
Another conversation on the same topic
may as well be inserted here, although
it did not occur until three weeks later,
when the dangers forecast by Mr. Peri
cord had become facts. It was on the 12tn
of June, when Tung Fuh-siang: marched
cut to stop the advance of Seymour's re
lief colurnn, shutting the gates of Fe
kir.g behind him.
*"I shall do rcy part if It becomes nec
essary." the S. (i. .replied, reverting to
the cautious misgivings of experience.
"But theoretically I do not approve; I do
not approve. Sir Claude. 1 shall endeavor
to prevail on Mr. Conger to follow pru
dence rather than valor. I am afraid you
have not calculated all the risks."'
"I, too, am an Englishman." he said
in a low voice as if he were half ashamed
of having spent his life in the service of
China. ••And I thank God for it."
"We will see this thing through, Peri
cord—you. I and Conger."
"What is sauce for the goose may be
taace for the gander. I tell you. Mr.
Pericord, that 1 would not miss this op
portunity if 1 had no one but my wife to
thare the risk of it! I am sick cf diplo
macy. I was not cut out for a diplomat,
and the lies and trickery which taint the
very air of I'eking make me almost for
get the plain duty of an English gentle
man. Now, thank the Lord, 1 am allow
ed to remember that I am a soldier by
trade. Looked at from that point ol view,
the policy which 1 urn tent nere to repre
sent seems a policy of letting our prestige
po to the dogs, end, by , 1 mean to
save it as the civilians saved India in the
cays of the mutiny, or I don't want to
leave Peking alive!
The two men locked hands; the S. G.'s
eyes were moist.
"WiM clxfi, xny dear elr? You couldn't
possibly have iupposed that we Bhould
run &way? Why, such a splendid oppor
tur^ty wouldn't occur again m a century."
• ¦Opportunity T '
*'*es, don't you §ee? Our friend Sam
ovar la privately encouraging Tuan, with
the latectlon of occupying Petlng in force
with «. Russian army before America or
KriKland can transport troops to the spot.
This, by the by, is also a up from your
eecret service man, and, 01 course, can
only emanate from vou, who seem to
know everything. W ell, they all think it
takes an army to occupy Pealng. I hope
to undeceive them. \v hen Aiexieff, or
Nodxu, or whoever It may be arrives un
der the walls of Peking I hope to have the
honor of receiving him In person at the
c'hien Men. and pointing to the- Union
Jack and the stars and stripes, and ask
lr.g what I can do for him. But that Is
a minor matter. Not to be too bumptious,
1 trust to give these Chinamen
the eort of a lesson Powell fcas been
administering to the Boers."
"You would convert Legation street Into
a new Mafeking?" said the S. G., nerv
ously. "Is it not a terrible risk? I am
an old car. and know nothing of soldier
ing. Sir Claude, but it appears to me that.
commanded as we are irem the wall and
hemmed in in the midst of a hostile popu
lation — "
"But do you mean to say that you ln-
Und to ttty la Peking In face of such a
urarr.lTir; In lace, too, of the Information
2 ha.v* Just given, you?"
"Original? By Jove! it Is, Mr. Pericord,
tr.d I will make a note of It at once. A
balloon! By gad. that is the very thing.
But tb» «and ar.d provisions I meant were
& different sort of ballast. I suppose we
shall have to feed at least five hundred
mouth*. It may bo for a month, and you
can't bea.t sand bags for bullet stoppers."
CHAPTER XIX-Cont!nued.
5 AND? Provisions? Are you speak
ing of a balloon trip. Sir Claude?
The Idea is original, but you can
scarcely carry"
The British Minister burst Into a. hearty
laugh.
On this day. the 10th of June, tele
graphic communication with Tientsin was
cut. and the foreigners of legation street
were completely isolated. They were also
completely imprisoned, although they
scarcely realized it. within the walls of
Peking. Prince Tuan had sent secret
orders to the guards cf the gates to ar
rest all runners bearing messages for
Tientsin. Peking was in a state of siege^
from the Boxers without, pending the
claim of their leaders to be definitely
recognized as Imperial officers. Legation
street was in a state of siege from the
populace within, pending the decision of
the court party whether to aefy the world
by permitting their massacre or to avert
war by safeguarding them as hostage*
Prince Tuan, in fact, was only now
showing his hand by demanding that the
Boxers, whom he had organized himself
should be incorporated as a patriotic milil
tla in the military organization of the em
pire. At his back stood the ferocious
Tung Fuh Siang. who had won his spurs
under the eyes of the prince among the
border tribes of Shensi. and was now In
command of the imperial bodyguard of
10,000 rifle-armed Bannermen. The aged
Prince Ching, supported by Yung Lu
commander In chief of the Peking field
force of 20,000 111 disciplined braves, in
sisted that the Boxers and Big Knives
were simply rebels who Bought to en
tangle the government in a foreign war
In order to upset the Ching dynasty and
perhaps accomplish the revolution in
augurated by Kang Yu-wel.
Both parties appealed to the Empress
Dowager, who was in equal vacillation
from different causes. This ambitious
and capable woman, although now *>ver
60 years of age. still clung to power with
the tenacity of Li Hung Chang. For
twenty-five years she had held It un
challenged through the puppet she had
placed on the throne. But since the
Reform conspiracy of 189S— the Reform
party was called the Pao Wang Hui and
owed Its origin to a foreigner— she could
no longer rely on the Emperor. Kwangr
Hsu. On the other hand, she equal
ly dreaded the accession of Po Chun un
der the masterful regency of his father,
Tuan. Her sympathies were strongly in
"Valda has played me false," M. de
Samovar exclaimed, with a ferocity which
for <Jnce showed the true color of the
Muscovite. # "Vassilich, seek her out; she
Is — " here he whispered In the attache's
ear. "Instead of discovering anything
important at the Superintendency General
she has betrayed our designs to Pericord
and he has play'ed off Prince Tuan
against me. Let the girl be brought back
to the legation, and I will force the truth
from her if my Cossacks have to tear her
limbs off."
Then M. de Samovar played his trump
card. He called on the Tsung-li Yamen
and formally offered to suppress the re
bellion with Russian troops, thus form
ing an alliance with China against all
the wtrld. To his profound chagrin the
offer was refused. On the very dav that
he was to call for a definite reply Prince
Tuan was appointed President of the
Board of Foreign Affairs in supersession
of Prince Ching. Russia's diplomacy,
steadily pursued with a single purpose
since the seizure cf Port Arthur in 1S35.
was mysteriously defected.
On this day railway communication
with the coast entirely ceased and the
Boxers, joined by the Imperial troops sent
out to quiet them, commenced openly
drilling within sight of the walls of
Fongtai.
No sooner had the legation guards
passed within the walte of Peking, than
the Boxers broke across the Peking-Tien
tsin railroad behind them and burned *he
stations of Fengtai and Huangtsun. The
retreat of the foreigners was N cut off.
Seventy miles as the crow flies separated
them from the port to Tientsin, and the
intervening plains were swarming with
thousands of rebels. On June 5 Rear
Admiral Kempt! cabled to Washington:
"Engagement begun." He referred ,to a
collision outside Tientsin between the ter
ritorial garrison under General N!eh anJ
the Boxers. He little thought that his
pregnant words announced the com
mencement of war between China and
tne world.
"This is the most fatal- mistake which
has over been perpetrated by the foreign
envoys." he said to Cinderpan sadly, "and
their mistakes havenot been tew. I fore
see the gravest consequences from this
move. It reduces the chances of con
ciliating the court party, doubles the oc
casions for precipitating a riot and in
creases the security of me legations not at
all. I have done my best. I have berged
them personally to withdraw temporarily
to Tientsin with their families, not in the
way of flxeht, but as a warning to the
TsiT-g-li \amen that friendly intercourse
cannot be maintained with a Government
'which is un.ible to police the streets of its
oTvn capital. One Minister — and I need
not specify -»-h:ch one — treated my «uggt-s
tiori wnh scorn; he weat bo Ear as to Mint
that I desired to get rid of him in or-ler
to pose as the sole representative of the
united powers. Alas, this wretched ieal
ou.sy will indeed sucered in ruining me. In
a way that ne leas; faresees But i can
do nothing more."
The S. G. acted, however, with his
usual firmness and promptitude. While
all the legations were busy converting?
their compounds into forts and pos'ing
armed sentinels at the gates, the Super
intendency General maintained its aspect
of peace. The staff was forbidden to go
abroad or to carry arms. The Commis
sioners at t_he thirty treaty ports ; w«r«
instructed by telegraph to maintain a
strictly neutral attitude in case of riots,
an injunction particularly necessary, as
in most of these ports tne revenue staffs
form the bulk of the able-bodied residents,
and number many young men of a par
ticular bellicose temperament. And final
ly Mr. Periccrd handed in to the Beard
of Revenue his quarterly statement.
• showing receipts amounting to naarly ten
million* of dollars. Unfortunately, he
wus not able to accompany the statement
with the cash, as nearly the whole of
this fine revenue was written off in pay
ment of interest on the Japanese war
leans, forced on China by Russia.
When Mr. Pericord was informed of
this move, a look o! depression overspread
his face. "The S. G. begins to show hi3
age." was the remark of more than one
of his staff. It was not age. but the in
fallible clairvoyance of an Intellect in its
prime which wrote its deep mark of care
en that tranquil countenance.
Th»?n, and then only, did the tardy Min
isters wake to the reality of their danger
C.ithough one among them probably de
layed tiil the last on purpose.) They tele
graphed for reinforcements to the ordi
nary legation guards. On June 1, hav
ing traveled by rail, 350 foreign blue
jackets, drawing rive machine guns by
hand, passed under the gloomy tunnel of
ths Peking wall, watched by a dense
crowd cf natives In unbroken" silence. Of
the«e 63 were Americans, 73 British, 7J
French. 75 Russian. 42 Italian and 2o
Japanese. Being mustered from their
Ehips at a moment's notice they carried
no provisions and no reserve supplies of
ammunition for their guns. Hut the
British Minister did not appear disturbed
by this.
the protection of foreigners, '.his cipher
r:teoed r.o key; it consisted in little more
than reading the edict in the reverse
sense to that which it assumed. Accord
ingly the message from the throne of the
-od of May was the .signal for the mas
sacre of all the native Christians in the
capital city of Paottng, . ninety miles
south of Peking, and the tearing up of
the railroad in course of construction
there. On the C7th the station of Liuiing,
thirty miles from Peking, was burned to
the ground and a oarty of thirty Bel
gian engineers forced to flee for their
live*. On the 28th a temporary interrup
tion was caused in railroad communica
tion between Peking and Tientsin and
the united sects of Boxers, a Chili or
ganization directly founded by Prince
Tuan, and Big Knives, a Shantung or
ganization directly founded by the Vice
roy of that province, openly invaded Pe
king: and attacked the missions in the
Tartar city.
THB EXTA
"Gazette," third cnarter. Fourth as
sistants A. Blake to be promoted to sec
ond B for special s>«rvlces>. with transfer
in charge to Niuchwang. — Pericord."
A howl of good-natured execration wel
comed the luck of Blake. After six weeks
of honest silence— nothing but a cold item
of routine! Nevertheless this very ab
sence of all personal news brought back
to them the touch of the vanished hand
which they loved^anfl the staff went wild
with Joy. "Pericord"— that contained ev
erything they wanted to know, and the
shroff? and coolies* In the weighing shels>
were kicked out of the way in order that
the outdoor staff might repair In a body
to their club to celebrate the salvation of
the service.
But almost on the heels of the first tele
gram came a second. The contents of this
were as follows:
"S. G. Informed tfcat during Interruption
of communications a laxity of discipline
observable among outport staffs, statisti
cal department will prepare circular in
conformity with Instructions contained In
circulars Nos. 73 and 109 of 1S7. reminding
Commissioners and assistants In charga
that prestige of service must be maintain
ed By order. — Cinderpan." >
"Here, no business can stand this, you
know," said the Commissioner, laying
aside his work" and vainly trying; to re
strain a delighted grin. "The 'little bird*
and the threatening letter at once! Gen
tlemen, if any cf you tare to drop In to
the club during the next half hour I shall
be obliged to stand you a cocktail to in
augurate the revival of despotic discip
line."
Then a cheer went up which nearly ty
phooned the roof of the new Custom
house. Next to the S. G. % the Port Com
missioner is the greatest man tn the land,
and when he unbends even the indoor
staff is apt to forget Its digs** -»
The latter gentleman read it aloud.
I hav» not yet received any deflnlta
news of what befell our friends during
the tragic six we«>ks between the 10th of
Jun» and the I6th cf July, when the blood
soaked • ty was as mysteriously and com
pletelv veiled from the ken of civilization
as lf>ome vast-wlr.ged dragon had rapt
It away in a cloud back to the filmy
chasms of antiquity. But one very char
acteristic and on the whole satisfactory
Hem I am able to report on the strength
of a letter which has reached me to-day
from Shanghai. •
It ¦will be remembered that about tn»
20th of July, after the lesson administered
by the capture of Tient5in by the allies
and the entire defeat of Tung's troops by
the legation guaras. the Chinese Govern
ment graciously vouchsafed permission to
the foreign Ministers to communicate with
their respective homes. The Commission
er at Shanghai, and Indeed the revenue
service all over China, was awaiting news
regarding the safetv of the superintend
ent general with more anxiety than any.
Foreign Office awaited news of a diplo
matic representative. Apart from the per
sonal love and veneration of their chief,
the entire careers of a thousand foreign
ers depended on this news.
When, therefore, a telegram arrived
from Chinan. addressed in the familiar
code word "Custos." the rumor ran
around the general office, the opium desk,
the import desk, the export desk, thai,
transit pass desk, the half duty (coast
wise) de?k and all the branches of tha
statistical department like a streak of
lightning, and almost before the envied
tiag-chai had pa??e»i the cover to th»
Commissioner a score of senior and Ju
nior assistants, backed by a crowd of lin
guists and shupana, flocked around the
"foreign gate" of the Commissioner's
cozy office to hear the momentous news.
Mr. B broke the envelope in th»
midst of a pin-drop silence. He glanced
over the telegram.
"This concerns you. I think. Kopsch,"
he said, passing it carelessly to the sta
tistical secretary.
L'ENVOI.
"Oh, my God. forgive me! Do not tell
me anything. If I can serve you . . .
What else— what else have I to live for
except to show how I love you, Valda?"
"Men have strange ways of proving
thelx love," she murmured.
"There Is at least one way •which is
common to all honorable men. With the
deepest humility, Valda— I am not worthy
of you. I am a disgraced and penniless
man — but I place my life and my heart at
your feet, and If you will marry me "
Valda turned her head and save him one
quick, full glance. In which there was a
trace of tender mockery.
"You do not say anything. Valda. May
I dare to hope "
"That I have forgotten. Hr. Pericord?
I shall never do that, Alan."
"Ah:" perhaps Blake had forgotten. It
is not easy for a young man to remember
a gray-haired rival.
"Perhaps, if you knew my origin, you
would not be so eag-er to— marry me. The
daughter of a Russian count la. no doubt,
a respectable match even tor a revenue
man. But the daughter or a "
"Hush, dearest. Do not forget that I
recognized you when we said good-by?
Would not the ease with which you wear
your present disguise remind me? When
a man loves a woman asl love you, he
does not aak to see her pedigree."
"I always believed that I was Count
BerlskofTs daughter. My mother is th«
wife of the Grand Councilor Sheng. and
now a very great lady in the Imperial
City. But my father— I no longer know
who my father is. A greater man thaa
Count Beriskoff has called me his daugh
ter to-day."
Blake stared at her m astonishment.
Then Intuition, which love will sharpen
and refine incredibly In the most obtuaa
of men. made him understand everything 1 .
He knew, as distinctly as if he had over
heard it. that the S. G. had taken upon
himself this preposterous stigma to save
the girl from the unnatural devotion
which had obsessed her. He understood.
too. that at present Valda wished to be
lieve it. as a salve to the disloyalty of her
affections. Mr. Pericord had indeed cur^l
her to his own forfeit, and Jet withou:
forfeiting more than just that particle of
passion which differentiates a daughter's
tenderness from a wife's.
"You will marry me, then, my darling,
he whispered, bending toward her.
She looked at him fond!yand trustfully.
It was a pleasant thought to be trans
formed cr.ee more into an admired beauty
and to leave the murky city which w^3
not only rife with horrible dnn?rr3. but
which would always remind her of a dou
bl- shame. She sat. looking silently
toward the dull, squat walla of her birth
place. Blr.ke dirt not Interrupt her. trunlt
fng she was taking a mental farewell.
"He Is ther*." sne said at last.
Blake felt the unconscious test which
her lovalty was putting to his. He real
ized a'most with a sense of awe. the
primitive heroism of his fiancee's charac
ter And he remembered his own deep
seated devotion to the crave chief who
remained at his post at the risk of h»s
"if you are willing. Valda." he said,
eently. "we will sro back." . • •_
"My husbard!" she said. With that
word she realized something of her own
sublimity, and rejoiced to feel that her
riper love had not misled a hero.
"I have no one else to tarn to," she an
swered In a low voice, without looking at
him.
"Have I any right to ask explanations
from you. Miss Beriskoff?" he said hum
bly, although the passion in his voice was
hardly controlled.
"When you have recovered your temper.
Mr. Blake. I shall be ready to expiain
anything you wish to know." Valda
turned her tired little pony at a walk,
back toward the walls of Peking.
Blake sent his big black with one bour.d
to her side.
"A woman does not cut off her hair for
a passing freak." Valda replied with quiet
dignity, but with a pathetic touctr of fem
inine regret and reproach.
"You 5eem almost more beautiful as you
are." said Blake, harshly. "Mr. Perlcord
did not find you any less . . . No. damn
m»!" he shouted aloud, unconsciously
lashing his pony and wrenching It back
again; "I cannot discuss it; it makes ma
mad to think about it ... Stand still,
you brute, will you?"
"Are you quite shameless?" he said.
fiercely. "Is n quite impossible to place
any misconstruction on your freak? You
would not think so. I fancy, if you had
heard the remarks of Prince Tuan's suite
about you when you passed with Mr. Per
lcord's guests."
"Why should you be so anxious to dis
believe your own eyes? Am I so very ugly
In. this dress?" ¦ •
He turned and saw the Chinese yputh.
"It Is you. Valda 1 ," he said, lookin?
mournfully at her tonsured head. "When
you warned me on the racecourse I
thought I recognized you. although you
spoke Chinese. But afterward when I fled
I refused to believe it. I persuaded my
self that it was a nightmare of my imag
ination."
"Alan!"
The hapless fugitives turned sadly back
to Peking. Blake sat gazing after them
for some seconds like a man who realizes
that he la an outcast. Then a timid voice
said from behind:
the Chinese city unmolested, but they
were doomed to disappointment. Barely
clear of the walls of the city, they wer»
stopped by a mounted man. who conferred
earnestly and la whispers with Baln
bridge. To advance was Impossible. Tha
reasons the Under Secretary could not
Klve— they mu3t trust to him— he could
not abuse the confidence of his good
friend Blake, for Blake It was and none
other.
When the admirals of the allied fleet
at Taku learned that communication with
Peking was interrupted they dispatched
a relief column of 25j0 men, under the
British admiral, Seymour, to bring the
envoys back to the coast. This column
left Tientsin on the *0th of June, repair
ing the railway as it advanced. It in
cluded 900 British, S00 Russian and 100
American marines, the latter under the
ill-fated McCalla. It was accompanied
by a battery of ship's puns with which,
if necessary, to blow in the gates of Pe
king.
On the SSth of June column returned
to Tientsin. It had effected nothing save
to demonstrate to the Boxers and Im
perialists that the foreigners were not
favor of a war of extirpation against for
eigners. The success of such a war
would make Tuan paramount. Defeat —
and she knew that it would end in de
feat—would ruin Tuan, but perhaps dra?
her down in his ruin. In these perplex
ities she sent a special courier to her old
ally, Li, at Canton, and for the month
which must pass before she could receive
his answer, she immured herself in her
palace and left affairs to fate.
And for seven we»ks. since the hope
ful marching forth of Seymour's column,
nothing had been heard from Peking;
nothing save a host of terrible and con
flicting rumors. The legations had been
'.^ft to their fate, while the world at home
scanned the papers morning after morn
ing with an impotent agony of fear.
What was happening in this hidden city,
so long looked on as a next-door neigh
bor to Tientsin? What was the explana
tion of this mysterious and awful silence,
which had fallen like a curtain between
the outside world and it3 representatives
at Peking?
Nothing so baffling and inexplicable had
ever been read of In history. Only a day's
lourney by mounted courier from the port
jf Tientsin, lay a city which for years had
been in telegraphic communication by five
different lines with every part of its bor
der. It w.is the capital of a great empire
na. The United State? alone were firm
in their intention to march on Peking.
Unfortunately they had not more than
2000 troops on the spot, while the Ninth
Regiment had suffered disaster in the de
fense of Tientsin, losing its colonel. Ll3
cum.
"Nay. child." he murmured soothingly,
'.'do not weep. My heart is heavy enough
without the tears of those I leve. Go. go.
my boy. and if you cannot find Mtss
Beriskoff, then accompany Miss Conger
yourself. Perhaps you will find her again
in Tientsin; Una her I pray God, restored
to the natural affections of youth; bril
liant once more with that high spirit
•which first reminded me I was old; go—"
""What message shall I give her, sir.
from you? I have heard it said among the
servants that once when she came to you
lii secret, wishing to do you a service,
you dismissed her harshly, saying she
was a spy."
"I have learned my mistake. Kuel-Hen;
how could I have dreamed? But all that
He passed his hand over his forehead.
"I am afraid it Is true what they say
of me. that I am growing old: you per
ceive It. too, do you not. Kuel-Hen? You
have never thought, perhaps, that' he
whom you have chosen to call master is
an old roan, old enough "
He turned from the window and, cross
ing the room, laid his hand on the youth's
shoulder.
9
VALDA
A ROMANCE OF PEKINGit fills any troublesome corner. Don't for
get it in your furnishings.
A pyrographic outfit is of limitless value
in carrying out such decorations as these.
Tho tabourette In the bay is ornamented
From the center of the grille hangs a
lamp. Analyze It and you will find it
rather a droll combination of old brass
and red gas globe. But somehow the
combination looks decidedly Turkish to
the casual observer and reminds him of
the dim swaying lights that cost most
decorators a pretty sum.
An Inexpensive grille is fitted at the
entrance to the bay. and with Its dra
peries it gives a suggestion of seclusion
.which is the keynote of cozy corner suc
cess. The grille can be made by an odd-
Job ca.blne.tman. provided you give care
ful directions, and you can paint or var
nish It yourself. The draperies are a
striped cotton goods of Oriental pattern
and colors. They can be bought in the so
called "art department" of any dry goods
store.
•Four windows make the three sides of
the bay. They are sunny windows, and
the eun is too good a friend to be shut
out. but Us fervor Is lessened by prettr
lowered shades. Orientalism and dimness
go hand in hand, you know.
They found that they had for a parlor
a. bright little room whose light came from
a bay In the front. This bay. once square
tand commonplace, had been transformed
Into a cushioned nook that might tempt
«ven a pilgrim father to unbend.
These people who live in the little flat
out on McAllister street could not afford
send for the drapery man and have him
come with his Bokharas and spears and
Bagdads and lamps. Instead they studied
:and studied and worked and worked, and
! tben stood off to view their own results.
Out at C22 McAllister street is a little
fiat belonjrinp to Dr. Henrietta Brown.
Its furr.ishiriKS j-how what can be done In
the way of TurkiFh effects when the two
or three hundred dollars are lacking for a
Turkish drapery man's demands. It would
save been a great deal* easier to have or
dered the draper}" man to come and bring
what he liked and do what he liked: he
knows the details, and It will cost him
little effort and you much money.
tTT is en easy thing to De oriental witn
jj lots of money. Without It most people
L eink Into stupidly Western chairs and
imagine that they are as artistically
comfortable as a divan that holds dim
cushioned corners In its recesses.
It's a secret, just between you and me
and the Browns, that lots of money Is
Jiot needed for those <-o— corners. The
Browns have found out Law to do It all
"with very little money— less, far less, than
you would 6rcnd upon the most common
place of parlor chairs that would make
your parlor look like that of a. village
hotel.
Many of the characters in the Chinese
language are very suggestive of the rela
tionship between husband and wife, and
leave no doubt as to the subordinate posi
tion which the woman occupies in Chines j
domestio life. The part which the China
roan plays in securing his bride is vigor
ously Illustrated in the word to seize, the
character for woman crouching under th»
Chinese symbol for daws, while the char
acter for wife, indicated by a woman
placed beside a broom, is evidence, of the
Chinaman's opinion with regard to tho
proper position of his helpmate, ta his
household.— October Ladles*. Home Jour-
NOTWITHSTANDING the fact that
every census enumerator . had
carefully prepared Instructions
and schedules, the latter having
printed headings over the columns for
names, ages, occupations, nativity, etc.,
some of the enumerators succeeded in
making amusing and enigmatic entries.
The young women who manipulate the
punching machines in the census office
have found themselves sorely puzzled
over some of these records. _*tiL.
Whenever the punchers found on the
Ecbedules an occupation which does not
appear in the epecially prepared and
printed list furnished by their chiefs. they
are Instructed to punch it either "O. T.,"
meaning "other things," or "N. G.,"
standing for "not gainful." Thus when
an enumerator in Indiana gave the oc
cupation of a man as "drunkard," the
puncher was In a quandary what to do.
Her chief came to the rescue and In-
formed her that drinking - Intoxicating
liquors was certainly not a gainful occu
pation, especially as the next column on
the schedule showed that the man in ques
tion was so engaged twelve months In
each year. She was therefore instructed
to punch it "N. G." The same rule was
followed when other enumerators entered
a woman as an Inebriate and certain men
as topers.
A New York enumerator, who was per
haps something of a sleuth, entered sev
eral men in his district variously 'as
"crooks," "pickpockets" and "gamblers."
For some reason these were entered under
the head of "not gainful" pursuits.
A Georgian who ekes out an existence
by doing chores about the neighborhood
in which he resides will appear in the
census as "odd Jobs." His occupation will
be found very properly under the head of
"other things."
One of the Southern enumerators came
ODDITIES Or THE REGENT CENSUS.
across an invalid who had spent several
years in the South for his health and
promptly entered the sick man's occupa
tion as "traveling for his health." This,
of course, was punched under the head of
"not gainful."
In Pennsylvania an" aged woman was
entered as "occupation— invalid," and an
other under the same heading as ."para
lyzed."
Each entry made on the schedule being
paid by the Government at a prescribed
rate, an enterprising enumerator in Ohio,
seeking to swell his temporary Income,
sought the resort of a number of Weary
Willies on the outskirts of his town and
entered them. To each of these he gave
the occupation of "tramp, not gainful."
One of the Western enumerators ~piit
down a worthless fellow, known as the
— — ; occupation, loafer;. not gainful; un
employed twelve months in the year."
,.-¦ An aged veteran of the Civil War was
entered in the occupation column as
"lives on pension," and another as
"miser," .while still another was reported
In the same- column as. "lives on sav
ings."
Some of the other oddities of occupa-^
tions are given: "Boarding," visiting,"
"not at work" and "musically inclined."
Of course, none of these can be found in
the prescrl ted list of occupations and
they are consequently entered in
the "O. T." and "Nv G." columns:
In many "of the returns from the 4 rural
districts from the South a large number
of children under 1Q years of age ', are re
corded : aa farm * laborers, and '•¦ under .the
proper headings it is said that tb'ey are
so employed eight months and attend
school but two months In each . year.
Two Southern housewives appear in the
occupation column as~"does housework"
and '.'minds baby."
Numerous Indians, whose census . has
been taken, appear on the lists as farm
ers, with here. and there a hunter. Gyp
sies are given as ; horse traders and for
tune .tellers,, and; in one instance as "ho
bo." A Kentucky woman, whose hus
hand Is entered as an "Idler," gave her
occupation as "washing and * wishing."
The punchers who came across this entry
remarked that the phrase meant that the
*woman I was [ washing to support her
twelve ? children and lazy ¦ husband, and
wishing, that; he -would go to \ work and
assist In the maintenance of their num
erous offspring. ! !
In many of the returns from the South
ern States men of means and leisure are
entered in the occupation column as
"gentlemen," and in one instance as
"rich." An Invalid in Illinois la given
occupation 'laid up," and a paralytic
figures in the same column as "has fits."
It remained for a Pennsylvania enu
merator to record a German. 45 years
old, as "occupation— villain." Whether
this was the enumerator's personal esti
mate of the man or whether the Ger
man himself gave this unique and sug
gestive occupation is not known. Neither
is it known whether the villain was en
tered as "N. G.» or "O. T."-Washington
Letter in New York Sun.
" ; — « ? ¦ — ¦ - ¦¦¦ f
"Who was the scientist who made the
discovery that baldness Is a sign of in
tellect?"
"I dont know his name. An I know la
ffeat he. was bald."-6trmy Storte*
Borne years ago, noting the exceeding
purity of the air in the Mammoth Cave of
Kentucky, some smart aleck thought it
would be a good place to cure consump
tion. A healthy man is greatly exhiler
ated in the cave and tired after leaving It.
So were the consumptives affected: but
the "galloping kind/* galloped the harder,
and the doomed galleries echoed to the
exhilarated coughing of the coughing
kind, and the experiment was abandoned.
It is curious that the establishment of a
sanitarium above ground to which the
marvelous air of the Mammoth Cave
could be piped Is now proposed. Perfectly
pure dry air and sunlight would not be a
bad combination.
Of course the air in little caves ia not
pure or dry. Nevertheless, the late Duke
of Portland, one of the richest men in
England, spent his later years in the cel
lars of Welbeck Abbey, cut off from the
outer world, where the sun could not
reach him.
Elizabeth Browning, too, wrote many of
her finest poems In the cellar of her
house, where she was compelled to live
after her sight had given way.
An eccentric old bachelor in England
once furnished for his own use a smug
gler's cave in Dorsetshire, where he 'could
always be within sound of the many
mouthed sea. Here he lived seven years,
but even here the enemy sought him out.
and he was married and went to live in a
city house. * 1 ;
Most extraordinary of all subterranean
dwellings was that of Saurier, the eccen
tric French novelist. He had in his gar
den a large lake. One day. worried by
noise, he conceived the idea of a study
under the lake with a roof of plate glass.
This was built at considerable cost, and
in that room Saurier lived throughout tho
day. When not busy he had only to look
through the glass and watch the fish.
A cave is cool in- hot weather and warm
in cold weather. You might do worse.
At Granada, in Spain. Is a tribe of gyp
sies who have lived for centuries in a row
of caves that pockmark the great hill on
which stands what is left of the Alham
bra.
Cave dwellers there are still, even in
civilized lands, though they no longer^
gnaw leg bones.
Many fishermen along the north coast
of Scotland live in haad-made caves in
the cliff side, but whether these dwellings
were made in prehistoric times or by the
smugglers one knows not. Theao fisher
men are all of very small stature.
Cave" dwellers, troglodytes— great, horri
ble, hairy, busy fellows who gnawed hu
man leg bones in the farthest, dimmest
corners of their burrows, growling like
beasts at Intruder*— were pleasing Inhabi
tants of this earth in very old days.
MEN Or 19OO
I WHO DWELL
IN CAVES.
Who was it that made a tritely true re
mark about the genius of infinite pains?
Pedestals are dear to the Oriental heart,
and they can be made by your cabinet
man and painted by yourself. They are
a detail— but the details count.
If you have an artistic soul of course it
will cause you a momentary pang when
you buy imitation rugs. You will cast
longing thoughts after the Bokharas that
might be yours. But the copies grow bet
ter all the time, and remember that all
you can hope to do with small means is
to produce good effects that will not bear
analysis.
A Turkish table stands near the end of
the divan and an occasional palm gives
the happy touch that green always gives
a room.
A darkej- corner of the parlor t* fitted
out with a divan. A four-dollar cot can
be used. It is springy. Th* better the
cot the better the divan. It Is draped with
the cotton stripes. Still more of the good*
is drawn into a canopy above— • canopy
of which spears form the supports. A
large painted panel forms a good back
ground above the divan, and cushions
heaps and heaps of them— are piled high
in the shadowy corners.
Tabourettes. tables, chairs and cushions
can all be etched by the fire process. A
good chair Is the one made by & common
carpenter whose pattern came from a
valuable oriental design. After betas
turned over to the fire etcher It came out
anything but a rude affair. Elaborate
scrolls are traced on back and seat and
legs; dark wood stains are used in com
bination with the etching, and small
leather cushions are fastened with brass
nails. The moneyed cost of the whols
was almost nothing. f
Of course It Is advantageous to nave as
many real Turkish curios as possible, and
these can be bought now and then for a
very little money by watching the Turk
ish shops which the Midwinter Fair scat
tered about town. A tabouretta of mor«
than a hundred years' history was picked
up for a song, mended her* and there,
colored over m its original red, black mad
rellow, and now It holds the Turkish pip*
from which some idle gentleman once
drew the smoke of his beloved latakla.
Cose your eyes and you can fairly see
the dandng girl swaying ori the nig be
fore his drowsy eyes.
by fire etching, and It is an excellent sub
stitute for the carved ones that cost what
ever a greedy furnisher chooses to ask.
THE SUNDAY CALL.
10
Tha ea..ie enblnetman who makes yot.
grille can At a three-sectioned bench Into
the bay. This may cost as much or as
little as your purse pleases. It may be
developed Into a box couch with stow
away corners for old magazines or gowns.
Or for less money It may be the rudest
kind of bench, having no recommenda- -
tion but strength.
"With this as a basis much can be added.
A layer of padding on top may be cov
ered by some of the same striped material
that serves for draperies. Hang a valance
of the same reaching to the floor. Pile
up as many cushions as you can gather.
The cushions in this particular window
are hand painted and they carry out the
oriental scheme of the whole room. Both
well Brown has turned his talent to prac
tical account and has designed Turkish
heads for tha cushion covers. By the
same gift h« has been able to decorate
Turkish faces which fit upon many a
pedestal and bracket about the room.
The flag of tho Sultan's land can be
bought or made at a small expense and
HOW TO ARRANGE AN ARTISTIC HOME AT THE SMALLEST EXPENCE.perlal wall kinad z passing Chinese whe
had a pig. ,u duck and a chicken. The
solcller brought them to us. ilrs. Conger
offered him money, but be insisted on
trading tho meat fcr a glass of beer.
"Hope "xas now dead. We had grown ac
customed to, the bullets and hetded them
not more than buzzing files. The Boxers
fired wildly, but we knew it vras only a
question of time when the end would
come. The Boiers were ignorant of our
numbers until a crazy Swede escaped the
gx:ard and clambered over the wall Into
the m!d£t of the Chinese. A sane mar
would have been instantly killed. .The
Swede told them we had only 350 men, in
stead cf the supposed thousands. More
over, he told them that they were firing
too high, and Immediately their * bullet*
were rtlrected according to his lnstroc- :
tinna. Tho Swfco* mad * hia wav har.lr Into
ma^o r.o rr.rar.. thc5* brr.ve women -t
PekSsSi hut did all in their pcrrcr to a«
strare the ttifTerlnr procTi*-cd by tke foul
air and in-'^T.cicnt fDCrt. For the men anl
'renter. I: ems frightful, bwi tzr the thll
drcn i: r as mere cf:t;3— «!cath. Ah. m«Tc!
fu! fcta'.-cn. Vi~i-r? tfce ?ufrerm?i of th:>«"*
litttt- czt'i tugged at the heartstrings.
•*nrf »-c "T"e ro p-";v»»r'c35 to help t^err! —
not a <_rcp cf milk, not even an r?£. S~>'.h-
Ing to do but to ws:^ their v^hlte facss
irrorr ttlsner «rd their pleading eyes
with the unchlld!!ke blac>. circles g:z;ng
huriETily at yr, u until the white, rlred
eyelids clr>fe«i forever. Secen little on»3
died In tho«e eight weeks and their wast-
€<1 forms vt-f re tenderly laid to rest.
"Ancther painful xlght was to' see the
sr'rltci'. jcunp fellows yeu had lav'.r tn
'jrttLtred rcclally brcttght in on stretchers
wviiMUd unto *>fitn. Oh. It Tra« .«?ck« > n-
Isg. Thev t.ouH co cut to the front so
full of Hfe arc c^urcee r.nd Ir. a f>r- <ehort
hc."-s Le c^r-l^d in wcarir.? a brave smile,
but their pallor T-as ghastly ant! the
rtrraks r.f blood — oh. what stcri^j. tlit-y
tcM c? shattered IimLs end c? h^ro*-«- iiv£*
riar-ly po'ng out!
"In thrse flrst days In the compound we
had hor-d zcainst hep?. We knew th^t
we had but 350 soldiers against that horde
of Boxers, but still, out there in the dis
tant, beautiful Christian world were
fr!«n«ls who would surely come to our
rescue. 3gi ¦-. •%:
" 'They will ccme. they will come/ we
chanted over and over again. We Ameri
cans pinned our faith in the Fourth of
July. We set that national date for the
relief of the city. Surely on that day of
days rescue would come. The American
soldiers will get here then though they
crawl,* was the oft-repeated statement
So frequently was it said that even those
of other nationalities came to believe it.
But the Fourth came in unheralded by a
single firecracker, and the Fourth went
cut with never a sign of relief and naught
but the bursting of Boxer shells to break
the silence. 'Ah, Dlo mio. you said it
Saxon fireplaces
&e tfov) the .\
Cfhmg,
THE Imposing hall fireplace has b*»
come almost an absolute essential In
the new country houses, where from
small ins!enooks the fireside h*3
pretty well developed Into a room to Itself
with th« hearth as its heart. What ths
possibilities of a really stately chimney
piece are Is shown la the hallway
of a new and very splendid coun
try residence. The house Itself i3 built
after the style cf architecture p^r
ular In the time of the MCOfid Klnsr
Geor?e. and the hall Is a great str:ar»
rocrs finished at one end by a lofty arrh.
Inside that arch Is a very luxurious Ingle
nook. Th* white marble fireplace show^
a beautiful blcck of the hearthstone. ' ta
itiicis !¦» Li!3 In crassworfc the motto ami
arms of the family. While all the hall
Is done in red. the Inglennok furBl3hir.g3
repeat th» eclcr. but in a deeper, richer
tcne. ar.d Its wall an-i floor space is f".:r
nisfc?d as a complete tearocna. A tras3
inlaid table, beautiful B«nar?9 oraamesta
and mahogany chairs decorated with
trass give it all a very solid and comfort
able appearance and it forms an Ideal
wlaler tearocm.
It Is a fashion transferred froa last
season and followed this autumn In th»
fi^vntry nouses, where seasoned fcicSory
legs are Just beginning to crackle, to dis
pense with aniirens entirely and bui!4
what I? called a Saxon 2re. This requires
* broad hearth space and a good Cue.
fcr the lojrs are la!d in a sort of pyramid
*ha-je Ir* the huse brick cavern, and wh#n
they ignite and fall together they all Il»
fiat upon the hearth. Just aa an outdoor
fire la made. There Is usually aa Iron
work depending frcm the black throat of
these chimneys', en which the caeatnut
roaster Is hurg. and the effect Is asttqa«
and Interesting.
While the fireplace cf th? hallway grows
blsnrrr and bigger and the poker. torj?3
and shovel Increase to the sise of a cro
sader> lar.ce. the bedroom hearth ts sen
fibly limited to the least i>cs«iSl9 arm
and nu«!e more and more decorative. Th«
prettiest cf the*e coxy cornera are tucked
In an angle of the room and wrought
entirely by tiles and pewtir. The tllra
are very small and of creara cr *rsen. or
brows, with the hod, toruira and trimmings
cf pewter, Sometime* quaint gartand3 of
pewter or a motto in antique lettering arc
worked npen the surface of the tfiea,
while the coal basket or fire Irons are
mada o£ >t**l that la ooJIahed ICu lOraz.
the inmates cs much as possible frora the
elements and bullets. The thundering up
roar and maddening cannonading drove
the poor woman hysterical and finally into
rnadnesr.
""Whenever an alarm was rung, whether
for fire or attack. It came from the chapel
bell. How we dreaded its sound, for not
a day or night passed that It did not re
peatedly startle us in affright. "We knew
not wtct danger its sound portended. That
was during the first weeks of the siege.
Curiously enough, as the siegs processed
the sound cf the bell bega-i to have a
strangs effect upon the Chinese. They
seemed to think Its clang was the signal
of danser to themselves. They wo:t!d
stop firing at Its first tap as if wa'tlng In
expectation for something to happen.
"Most of the attacking Boxers who were
armed with guns had a curious way of
Out there under the pitiless heaver:* was
th« mutilated body cf the German Min
ister. The mcb had tasted blood, and
frora thousands of throats came the cry
for more. Fe vrere as a few bubbles in
that hisslrc caldron of demons. What
was our strength pitted against theirs?
These blocd-curdlire- yells rose higher and
mere demoniacal. Had hades belched tts
devils into that psgan city they could not
have bellowed a more fiendish chorus.
"At the first faint «tre«k of dawn we
received another rreysag;^- "The Boxers
have sworn to kill all foreigners within
twenty-four hours.' it ran. 'and all must
s«>ek safety in the British concession.*
"The 20th of June, says my diary— June,
the month cf ro*e*. when all the air Is
sweet with the perfume cf the myriad
blo5=5onis. Ah, yes: that was ycur June
pot h<?re t In the b!e??ed land of peace and
plenty. But that JCth cf June, which I
•crawled with hasty fingers In my diary.
that was June 29 in Peking, with a storm
o* fhet and shell falling.
"Very Quietly we packed cur things to
norif Into the Eng-Iish compound.
Twenty-four hours' crace, by oath cf the
Bcscrf! But only over the dead bodies of
our menfolk! And then? Death, per
haps mutilation at the ruthless hands of
the Bcxers.
•At 3 c'clock on Wednesday afternoon,
June 20, we were all In the compound.
Bcxer bullets had rained upon us thick
and fast on the way. but we were un
harmed. Minister Conger was assigned a
hciiFe. ar.d we did cur best to stow our
fcive.* into the six-room dwelling place,
which th'.ny-two people shared. Besides
the»e, many more came there daily for
their meals.
"Froa the very first we realized that
food was gains to be scarce, and used it
Fparir.gly. Meat gave out In a few days.
"Horsenieat;" said the men. and the
•women shuddered and would have none
of It. But there ea~e a day. and It was
rot <5i=tar.t. when h-jnfer's demands must
be satlffteJ even by horsemeat. Imagine
womer. cf delicacy, used to every luxury.
beins reduced to such lerstha.
"But It Is in s-jch straits that the true
Cb*r shotrs through all veceerlns. Ther
1 riSS CECILE PAY EN,
/\[f the celebrated miniature
painter, zvho as the guest of
Minister Conger, and his family
teas cooped up in Peking, dictated
the fdknring story for The Sunday
Cell. It is a zz'O-Ttar.'s graphic ac
couni cf the sufferings and sus
pense ev.diircd during the siege of
Peking. The most thrilling inci
dents, for gotten in the hurry of the
f.rst interz'iezvs. arc vividly dc-
scribed.
Miss Payer, ventured cut ir.to the
Peking street zvzth easel end
brushes n : :c:i ethers huddled under
ccz'cr. Tziice her stool zl'js shot
from under her and many of the
sketches bear realistic bullet-holes.
She zvas the f.rst zvoman to zcel
come the allied troops when they
quietly inarched into the tennis
court. It zees her idea to quench
their maddening thirst zrith tea,
c- •:. aided by other zi-illing hands,
she labored for almost five hour*
ladling cut the thirst-quenching
bczcragc.
Miss Paycn describes the pa
thetic burials of the infants zvho
died frcm lack of proper nourish
ment. The little tots could not
stand the horscmcat diet, and one
after the ether they sickened and
died. It zi'as a sight to Zi-ring the
Heartstrings.
Of the 2-00 fee pie housed in the
British concession only ?oo zicre
Caucasians, the remainder Chris-
Hani-eJ Chinese. Their daily life,
their /topes cr.d fears, arc described
r *.<iss Paycn as only a zroman
cav..
Miss Cccik Paycn, although
still a young zvovms. has icon high
honors on the tzcld of art, haz-in*
captured the first frizc in minia
ture painting at the World's Fair in
Chicago.
The sketches, executed zvhih
•Bexer builds pelted thick and fast
about her, uill be of exceptional in
tcrcst - }>Ilss P °y m - iu ex
hibit the::; until she is once rr.orc
safely housed in Xczc York and the
terrors of the azvfid siege hair
grozvn more dim in her memory.
\jp «^nct Ure .ur:rg these s: X
Mi/ tTf^ Wceltt ln Pekin-r. V>
£| Ji i:c<1 net cr.e, btit a thsceaad
<^ f *-*-* s 3 Cijr. It m-aj ilT.th i~\
life, rrizr. «po-r-, :r- r : r .r thrcugh cur
fasciry. F.i— .:.-<¦. ptairu». ncx»r tcrtnr-
J-rr. thr*e z-n kir.-;.- t d erfli *U&A
thrarsh c-.:r ;hru--its. s OT si»cp-
Ir.r TYc pir^ faied in: 2 a dr»-»n. the
present •a-j.p 2 r.lj>.lrrire. the '•--•-„ ..
f.r.r:.:.
"I !•'*: lex Pcifcc r " til* M cf Apr".!.
«jcr«-ct'rg- trt 5p<-r.sJ Kr;c —^e'-? .->? th«
p.- r; r*_ ::--, f. --r T . .Tife cf the Tested
Btttc* .-.::.-.f«t. r la rr>Ins. The day* fij-sr
by en pleasure!* wi-js unti! Jure was at
hand. Then f.ecVs of cloud* b»5?in :->
gather. Each f'sy *J-.?y frevr, b-jt th« p«o
pl« zt :h<> ra/tcrJ Iterations shut thti:
«>'? *o them and £he ba.II cf ?l:asurs
rchi3 T..
t feme to a ?udden Ftr.ndstfll rr. th-
ISlh c£ Juae. We r.-cre having tlfila or.
the verx.r.ia. A rrccp ci" men »trci"ed In
frcm the « Jib h u*e=. T«:cy broke th^
txre .- as c r.i'y p=ss;tle. Th<:y saiJ
tfcet word tuttl br*n received from rh<>
mrtiztATin warrlrtf the foreiimers that
tke Coseri rcrr C'jtrpfeting p'uins f.;r
«^c*;ruc f vi^n p» every foreigner in IV
k5r.g. TCc cslsm r r a!arm,' reiterated the
m<r.. but har.t^s shock an they poured the
tea e.r.£ ever. tl.c* tarn paled under the^r
trcr.z?. There r;crc no liubit* cf gctrip
•erred velih the bisaslt, no light laughter
ar.d brcsry repartee. Coming events were
ca.fArg their fcfcfcfiows before.
"It vjei Ceciii* to try and escape to
Tientsin, and escorted by a military
essrd "rs. Cor.j/r end the rest of u«
wai;e«i at the rratlcn from 7 in the nacrn
ii:g until 11 at night, but no train came.
It was. forrjnate, after all. for it* would
have been frcm live fryUiSpan Into the
"On the night of the ICth I was startled
at a faint red glow that {rraduaUi; draped
the sky ir. crimson. Th« Bcsira are
burning ;he cl>erp-ien.' explained Mr.
Conger. Tfce cienemea Is the north gate,
used enly t y the Eu-.peror as an entrance
to the Temple cf Heaven.
"It wej a nsver-to-b^-fcrgotten *ccne.
We watched It frcm a point cf vaatajje.
spellbound at the Eight. Never a pyro
?*chnlc display could even suggest a tithe
MTSS CECTLE
PAYSN,
?HE SUES? OP
MINISTER.
CONGER,
?CUS HER
STORY WQH ¦
W SUNDAY
tcdy ar.d worn* htm cr km him.
"On Acpust 1* I Tras sketching In ts<s
street, -when suddenly I saw a line of
mortsg f.jures that doubled ard trebled
and ever came nearer and n?arer. All
went black for a dizzy second ar.2 the- —
and then — but who can ever describe It?
"They had ccme. the aJ'.ied forces had
come when hspe was long since d»a&
"I found my voice, and a woman In a
window above repeated the Joyful words.
In a raorrent men, wcnien and children
were pouring out of the houses and sur
rounding the tennis court, where the al
lied forces had drawn ¦cy.
"What a memant !t was! I cocM hav^
hugsed them. grim, warn ar.d bedragzled
as they were.
"They looked ready to drop la their
tracks. Du3:-begrin:e<1. their tattered
clothe-? caked wi;h mud. unkempt, their
eyes glazed with sheer weariness, their
tcngues sTrcHen !n their panting mouths.
they looked the loveliest lice of men I
ever cried upor.. And heroes they were.
th? whole cf those allied troops. Be
fore we saw them we had thoughtlessly
ecmp!air.ed day after day because they
had not promptly marched to our rescue.
When we locked u-pen them we realize. 1
whit a terrible heart-brei!:Ir.ff, b-jdy
racking Jourr.ey that desperate march to
oar rsscne - had been to them, fighting,
starring, thirsting the sleepless days and
"Troops of other nations were there,
but I sax enly the American soldiers, tho
boys In blue. Gcd b!e33 them! How hag
gard and drawn and bedraggled they
were. Their very tensucs hung heavy
wlth thir3t. Suddenly I thought of tea:
Thank God. then? was still some left. At
my Eusgestfcn Mrs. Conner set her cooll*»j
at worlc brewing 1 It. and with the assist
ance of other ladles we handed It around
anon; the trocps. There were something
like 500 of them, and it kept us busy from
3 la the afternoon until 7:30 o'clock at
ntebt
"And that was called a tea party and by
rumor twisted Into the report that when
the allied army reached us they found
us gay and happy at a lawn party! Oh.
the pltifcl Irony of such report.
"They came, to us when Death was at
our elbow. In another twelve hours
all would have been over. When the
troops pressed their way through the
Chinese forces they discovered that the
Boxers had undermined our lines. They
had already begun to stsre It with gruri
powder and It would have been ready for
the match In a few hours.
"We had been Just eight weeks, eren ta
the hour, in the compound- when relief
came. New that we are back In God's
country i: all seems Ilka a hideous night'
mare."
CELEBRATED
MINIATURE
PINTER
GIVES A
'fllCC©UNT 0?
FRIGHTFUL .
DAYS TN. .
PEKING-
of the magnificent spectacle. The flames
licked t"»e sky until the vault of heav«n
seemed a writhing, seething volcano that
even the pecple In Tientsin must see.
"June 13 the black-bordered day ia my
diary. Tou cf the outer world shuddered
ever the murder cf the German Minister,
Baron von Ketteler. But they, those in
Peking, who had known and admired the
courtly Baron, imagine if you can their
feelings. Sorrow, but sorrow mixed with
fear— the dread foreboding that such
would be the cemmen fate of alL
"Oh. what a night of torture was that.
would come to-day,' wailed an Italian wo
man.
"Our daily fare was cow boiled rice three
times a day. but rice of a very inferior
quality. There was cracked wheat, too.
Horseflesh 'was varied with mule meat.
Now I realized why the dogs had been
saved under the shadow of famine. In
addition to the TOO legaticners there were
the 2000 Christian Chinese to be fed. Every
dog weighing seven pounds was killed and
distributed among them.
"Wt had fresh meat Just once about the
middle of the sieffe. A soldier on the Ixa-
our lines and was. put under heavier .re
straint, though many demanded his death.
"I no longer stayed In the house, but,
save on days when we were especially
warned, ventured out to sketch. This work
was rny only solace under the distressful
circumstances. True, I risked death more
than under cover, but since death was
certain it might as well come sooner as
later. If a Boxer bullet should claim me
c » «» work It was Just, as well, I thousht.
"When the history of the siege of Peking
is written the historian may not dwell
upon that barricade, but to the artist It
was a beautiful sight. Rows upon rows
of sandbags made up of embroidered silks
and costly fabrics that would have paid
a king's ransom. The world never saw
such a barricade before and never will
again. The finest weavings from the four
corners of the world went to make It.
It^was the most decorative and ornament-
Boxer shells. I have written in ray diary
under that date that it seemed like & con
test between the elements cf heaven and
hell, with Sends using their cowers to
swell tho tumult
"And in the midst of this pandemonium
a woman went mail. She wu a Itus«'i»n.
With several others she had b*en assigned
to a pavilion in the compound. Thl3 pa
vilion bad a roof, hut no side*, and was
surrounded by boxes and barrels to shield
SKETCHED WILE BOXER BULLETS PELTED THICK AND FAST
THE SUNDAY CALL.
11
"Though death seemed so inevitable, our
men resolutely fought inch by inch. There
was work for the women, too. Sandbag
must !¦• sewed for the barricades. The
ladies of the legations pave thc!r linens,
which we promptly cut and sswed up into
baps. When their Hr.ers were exhausted
they tore down their gorgeous hangings
and valuable draperies and these were
used. Lady Macdonald sacrificed every
Inch of material In her home, and the oth
er ladles were srarcely less generous.
When all was exhausted our soldiers cap-
Lured silks and rich stuff from the Chinese
shops,. which we cut 'up and : utilized for
al barricade that err piock^i anw^r.
. "One night cf the siege in particular 13
burned In my memory. It occurred reward
the end of. the chain of horrors. The
weather had been sultry and mussy'for
several days. -Then caine a thunderstorm,
peal upon ' peal' shaking ths compound.
Surely the Boxera would not fire upon us
In such a atonal But they evidently took
it «s a rlgn of heavenly, aid, and every
lull In the thunder, -was made hideous . by
?he burstlcs ol the screaming, hissing
?hoo»sfl£ them. They would pc!nt the'r
weapons In th- direction of car fcrtlfiea
iIsrs. turn tnefr heads and bans away.
The CliristfJin Chinese explained to us that
the Bcxers fired thus aimlessly at us be
cause they believe that the man at the
trigger has no control ov»r the direction
of the bullet. To their untutored nilnd3
nil they have to do is to press the trigger
and fate does the rest. If the bullet is
destined to kill any particular person fate
will raids it carefully to that Eerscn'awardrobe according to the dictates
of her own'taste. A* lady who lived for
some years at the court of William III. of
Holland tells of various conflicts of opin
ion that occurred between Wilhelmina and
her mothc-r before the coronation of* the
former.
Caprices of the
Youmig Queemi
oftloiland.
MOW that she has been reigning for
two years, the young ( Queen of
Holland doubtltss may select her
af *er a design given her in secret ,by
Queen Wilhelmina.
Some days later, while the ladies of tho
court were seated on the terrace taking
afternoon tea a large uasteboard box was
brought out. A gleam of' malice danced in
the bright eyes of the young Queen, but
the Countess van R. complained of a sud
den Indisposition and immediately effaced
herself. The Queen Regent uttered a cry
of mingled anger and dismay when the
box was uncovered; then she said coldly
to her daughter:
"Is that for yourself? Could you not
have chosen a shade still more glaring
and vulgar? You forget, my dear, that
though you are fresh and agreeable to
look at, as are all girls of your age, dis
tinction Is not your . rorte. This gown Is
entirely too conspicuous." She shook out
the folds and threw it on a chair, adding
sarcastically: "It would do very weir Tor
Mia to wear to the kirmess."
Mia is the foster Bister of Wllhelmina,
a plain, awkward peasant glrl^who?*
large ears were made still larger, it "is
averred, from so often having been pulled
by the baby fingers of her royal play
mate.
On the day of the kirmess the two
Queens .went to hear the national airs of
their country and ; to watch such of their
as were swaying about in the
rhythm of the waltz. -As the royal car
"riage drove up the -dancing ceased and' a
, strange , couple detached itself from the
group and approached the equipaceV,
TO. have the fastest ocean ships on
the shortest ocean passage, the am
bition of Sir .Sariford Fleming and
the hope of all the commercial
world, is much nearer realization to-day
than ever before.
Concessions have just been granted by
the Right Hon. Sir Wilfrid Laurier, Pre
mier of Canada, and the Hon.* George H.
Murray, Premier of Nova Scotia, to tho
'Cape Breton Railway Extension Com r
pany, limited, to aid in the completion of
a railway line between Port Hawkesbury
and Loulsburg. a distance of about one
hundred miles. This railroad promises to
be a small link, but an integral one. in
a vast scheme of fast European mall de
livery.
Though the scene of endeavor Is afar off
in . the land of : Longfellow's . Kvangellne.
the motive power lies close at hand. Rob
ert J. Campbell of Boston,^brother of
Frank Campbell, former State Treasurer
of New York, is president of the new rail
road,' and with the Hon. Edmund Gurvln.
Q. C, of Montreal, was instrumental in
securing concessions ; from • the 'Canadian
From America to
Ibimrope, Omly
.-FoMir. Days,
ff^^ and then
Risscrt the la
dles' hands. But
Ma at the earliest
opportunity removed the
few remaining hooks and eyes
and replaced thcm-wlth safety pins.
— vvnvjaF - connections 'With
w\'v\J& *^ e New York Cen
*'* r< JBr tral. Boston and
i-'ujCK Maine, Canadian Pa
¦Jnf clfic and Intercolonial
fr railways. thus saving
from one- day and a half to
tvro full days, i The result will
be that Europe will bo brought
W .ifarer by that length of time, and
that fast traveling mail trains, -which
meet every Incoming steamer, will
carry tlio mails to thoir different destina
tions alonsr the route and they will be dis
tributed from thirty-six to forty-eight
hours in advance of the system at pres
ent.
The late Austin Corbin. president of the
Loner Island Railroad and a recognized
authority on ocoan transit, had this to
say on the subject of quicker communi
cation-between America and Kurope:
"The Introduction of some means of
rapid transit between the two English
speakmff nations, wholly free from in
conveniences, delays and hazards due to
tides, fogs and storms, encountered in
narrow and crowded waterways and
along dangerous coasts. Is of the utmost
Importance to all trans-Atlantic -travelers
who look upon the voyage as a necessary
means to an end. The universal demand
is for the shortest possible sea passage
for travelers and the quickest delivery
of mails." 1 /
The port of Louisburg possesses all the
advantages enumerated above, and. in ad
dition, the harbor, which is said to be the
finest in America, has an average depth
of more than forty feet. *and is open all
the year around, never freezing over, ow
inc to Its proximity to the Gulf Stream.
One of the chief industries of Cape
Breton Island is the 'mining of soft coal,
and there are now employed In that work
more than ten thousand men. The popu
lation of Sydney has grown from thirty
two' hundred to eight thousand in one
year. Lobster canning 13 another indus
try, and fifty factories run the entire
year. The island is thirty-one hundred
miles square, or about two million acres,
including Inland waters, a great portion
of which is covered by forests and un
reclaimed land. There is mineral .wealth
in abundance and -all that Is needed Is
capital to extract fortunes from the
earth. There is little doubt that capital
would have become invested long ago had
They' Mrn: «•;« .-.o,.:.im^i ,„ - t7..
arc now "'•^fak^ 01 ! - J .' s * ml - ll - vo - il f v*i
getting even. 'TfWjsTKMM'nin; i;'ir'.VV
In the Nev» ''^itl ••"- 1 "- *•**•¦
MpxIco Jail he waits '^^^^J "''J^i!
for Hralitfcs. He is aa
handsome now aa he was In
times of prosperity, for his wounds hav e
healed and his great, splendid phy
slque shows to pood advantage again.
Black Jack is always good form, he
speaks the speech of the man who knows
the world of good breeding, the worl'J
where men are also gentlemen. So much
is the Jekyll of him.
It is the Hyde that his victims havo
faced. ; - ' ¦- J
riRhtscr. tl*> woul<\ ~~mi '^ \ ~k~~>
rob thes? who had. &J'"~V. v^t' I- l •*-"*
it was said. In order ' ;~v*' '•
to cive to those who " v *'j c'^-r'-ij
had not. Ho liked to -* !' \
come upon poverty for '-**
the pleasure he found in ~ 1 '
relieving it. It was as easy
for him to toss goid into empty
hands as to Khoot down the owner *^5>
of full onrs. It whs as natural for
him to step aside for a woman as to chal.
lenpe a dozen arnvd offlrrrs
He did the latter once. One of the sto
ries that goes Into the files of Black
Jack's history tells how he. pnrtort from
his men, was overtaken by twelve govern
mental Winchesters and he faced then;.
He could hardly have done less. Inas
much as they faced him. but he did far
more. He looked them over coolly and
then took aim.
The "Winchesters took aim, too. One
of them finished h«3 horse. It wont down
ur.der Trim all at once and »he felt him
self on the ground and weaponless. The
only thing even thpn that he thought ol
was how to fight on. He never had a
way of thinking long about anything, for"
he never had time. Therefore he rolled
the horse over without delay and picked
up his weapon which it had fallen upon.
He was armed again. It was a simple
matter. All he had to do was to shoot
back.
Some people might think that twelve
against one "would be uncomfortable for
the one. That depends. Black Jack blazea
to fast the twelve that they fell back
astonished and he was gone when they
recovered. In his flight he met a horse
man, took the horse with a polite "thank
you," ami rod« on to Join the boys. It
had really been no trouble at all— it was
hardly worth mentioning.
The Black Jack gang never allowed an
injury to go unavenged. At the time that
Sid Moore was killed in Arizona 31ack
Jack was very angry. He stormed little,
but that stillness came over him— a still
ness that the gang kn«w— and he said that
James Shaw should pay for Moore's
death. This was because Shaw had gone
to the officials of the State and reported,
to them that the gang was in his neigh
borhood and the officials had made a raid. .
The raid ended in a battle and Sid Moore's
head brought $1500 to somebody, for that
was what the Government judged ais
Really No Safe
Place on
Eartih.
« m ANY scientists insist that It is
y^v/v> dangerous to live anywhere o-\
11 $L\ tnls eartn - and clve fact * " n< *
figures to prove it. From pole to
pole danger abounds, and frightful catas
trophes are liable to overtake humanity
at any spot on the globe. Science proves
that not a square mile of the cntira earth.
but has in some time of the age* been
swept by flood, fire, or glacier, or burled
by volcanic eruptiors, cr violently shaken
by earthf|'jake3 so that all human lif«
there roust have been ended.
A writer In the New York Mall and Ex
prsss. speaking of this in connection with
the disaster at Gnjvestcn, says that many
other cities arc as fully exposed to wind
and water as the Texas city.
In addition io coast cities, towns in th«
Oh'o and Mississippi vrJ'eys are built b»
low water level and, are Uabbi to destruo
tlon by freshets as the disaster at Shaw
neetown recently proved. Others court
the fate of Johnstown with bis reservoir*
on high places, where a broken wall would
send millions of gallons of water ove?
hundreds of houses. Austin. Tex., re
cently proved the reality of this danger,
and Cincinnati has a death trap for many
of its residents in its hug* reservoir oa
tha eastern hills, under the sheitsr ot
which many houses stand. New Orleans
lies below her levees, that are llabU to
break In any flood.
As to earthquakes, there is no plasa
that has not felt them. There is an er
roneous and popular belief that only th.«
tropical regioni are liable to severs earth
quakes. Even the chilly plains of Tar
tary have been torn by these shociis.
Earthquakes have visited the city of N«tt
York within this century, that, were they
to coni© to-day, might topple over tha
sky-scrapers and kill thousands on th«
streets. Tornadoes, l?rnorar.t!y called cy
clones, are liable to strike anywh-ra south,
of the polar regions, and where they cart
not 'ive the blizzard takes up tha work ot
scaring mankind.
It is a well known fact that the entire
Atlantic seaboard Is sinking at the rat*
of two feet a century from Cape Cod to
Cape Hattcras. If it can sink that far.t
it certainly has no Aery solid underpin
nin- and some day the props may let c»
all at once and where will New York te?
Vast tracts of Holland are already below
the surface of the sea, anci tb» wave* ar«
kept out with the great dykes and scienc*
says that Holland. Belgium. Denmark and
all the southern coast of the Baltic ar©
sinking steadily. The entire continent cf
Atalanta has gene c'own under the wavss
-why should not other continents follow?
To balance these depressions, some igota
are rising. About one-half of the Pacifla
islands are telns elevated. So ar» tha
West Indies, the west coast of South
America and Spitzenber^en. The eatira
aeries of Japanese islands rose from tha
waves in a comparatively brief time.
- In 1S11 200 miles of earth about New
Madrid, Mo., shook constantly for montlvs.
Lakes were formed and mysterious!^
drained. Mud shot out from fissures aa
high as the tops of the trees. These dis
turbances ceased suddenly at the moment
of the great earthquake on March 28, VS12,
which destroyed Caracas, in Venezuela.
Thousands of farms now flourish in th«
Missouri district and Caracas ' is a!Iv«
again.
"The Land That Swings Like a Ham
mock" la the name ci\*n by Indians ta
the territory about San Salvador. Central
America. That city was utterly destroyed
by an earthquake on JIarch 15, 1ST!, tut
the people had grown alarmed and had
deserted It. so only COO were killed. It
nourishes to-day.
But injspite of these terrors men Ilv*
calmly on? Most men never study nature,
and so do not know these things. Others
read of them in their school books ana
forget them along with their Latin and
mythology. Only the professional scien
tists keep them ever in mind, and' thesa
are not alarmed, for they know ther* t»
really no sale place on earth, anyhow.
BLACK JACK is In JaiL
He has been a long time getting
there. He contrived to rob more
than half a dozen postofflces on his
way. to plunder an occasional express car
a* a eide line. Now and then he killed a
xnan who made himself unpleasant. He
always said that he knew he could not
'act lcr.g, but he meant to have his own
way whi!e he did last.
It looks as if the end had come. On
the ICth of August. ISO.*. Black Jack tried
to hold up the Colorado and Southern
train on its way from Denver and the at
tfmpt was a mistake.
It was a iittle after noon when the
train left Denver. It passed Folsom. X.
II., in the r.iRht and a few miles beyond
came to the foot of Twin Mountain. Just
then ICirehgrabber. -l»e engineer, hap
pened to look into the barrel of a Win
chester.
Seraebody ordered him to stop the train
He did so. By this time he realized that
he was beir.g held up.
J. II. Harrington stepped forward. He
was the conductor and he had already
had one experience of the kind. That 's
how he came to have a shotgun handy.
That, also, is how came to think of
turnlr.gr off the train's lights.
The trainmen were in darkness. Against
the moon-lighted Fky the robber's figure
etood out as if it had been clipped from
Mncli cardboard. The advantage was not
on Black Jack's side.
Harrington stepped upon the platform
ersd his shotg-un wns !n his hand. It was
loaded with buckshot. Eartell. the mail
cJerk. Fav.- what was poingr on and he 3e
cided to have a hard, or, at any rate,
a head :n the affair. Me was shot in the
jaw for looking out of the window.
Black Jack shot him just by way of
preparation. Then he turned * ward Har-
Tinpton. He made himself a target as he
SI* so.
His form was as still and as clear cut
tirainst the sky g? if he were a dummy
Ftco^. up to be sh<n at. Perhaps he rea - 1
lzed tnat and perhaps he didn't. He road*
no concession to the fact at any rate.
One good shot by the steady aim of
Harrington ai-d It was all over. The fig
ure jr. the moonlipht trembled for an in
stant, then it reeled and disappeared.
Kirehrrabber threw open the throttle and
&way swept the engine carrying a saved
train over the shining, bare lands of New
Mrxieo.
Black Jack lay in a Ra'.ch. His arm was
torn to pieces by the buckshot that Har
rington had fired ard there was nobody
to help. The gang was not there. Ela
Jay on his side nnd when he tried to
move somc-thir.R somewhere hurt so that
he kept still again.
rile did not call out, he did not even
rroan. He had a'.v.ay? -known it wouM
come pome day and this was v - «"ay.
It wa? the 17th of August, he .observed,
when the sun rose. Th«> l?th of August.
1SCS. It wns a Ions time sinr<? the '5th.
On the ISth he had gone out to shoot
nnd on the lHh he lay shot.
He remembered some of the hoys while
he w^s bins there. George Musprave he
had always liked. Goorj;? was a cowboy
cr.ee. and he had the Rood fellowship of
the cov.itoy in hi? hc.-'.rt. He never stopped
at nrythirfr. either. Nor did any of them
for (he matter of that: bat George nevei
needed pushing on. Sid Moore had been
pane, ton. when he murdered Smith. Yes.
th»y w««re pool boys, the whole lot of
them. They had come and pone as the
personnel of the pans chanced, for they
had not all been lucky. With a liberal
bounty on banJit heads, somebody had to
suffer. Sid heM cut longer than the oth
ers. • • • Sid was came. • • • If
Forn«! of them were around now perhaps
they could fix that arm. • • • jj e didn't
care shout the arm— he only wanted to be
pot out of the way before people came.
• • • Though It didn't make much dif
ference row after all. He must be a
goner. • • • Yes. a goner.
He moved a littleinthe direction of the
ehade, or he thought he did. It must have
been very little, for a horned toad which
had taken his foot for a log and was lying
en It never stirred.
When the officers from Trinidad arrived
In their special car Black Jack had lain
eight hours In the gulch. Hie blood had
been flowing and he was too weak to care.
When they asked him what his name was
he said George Stevens, and when they
asked his reason for being there he said
that he had come from the Panhandle to
money or get killed. "It's all up now."
be said, by way of period.
The officers went to work to find out
\rfco the prisoner really was. It took very
little investigation to convince them that
Black Jack was the man In hand. What
ever he had to say about being George
Btever.s made no difference. He was Black
Jack, the man who for years had kept the
postmasters of New Mexico squirming
¦with revolver in hand, who had eluded
every posse of pursuit and baffled the
whole Southwest- His strong-featured
face, with Its deep set eyes, heavy brows
end blue-black shadow of coming beard
over the chin; it was the face that had
risen up before frightened men and men
who were not frightened. They had al
trays given up*, though, until now. That
conductor had spoiled everything.
New Mexico is prosecuting, for New
Mexico can hang a man for train-robbing.
The United States began a case for the
shooting of Bartictt, but gave up soon
tnd let JCew Mexico carry out Its venge
cr.ee. Black Jack lies in the jail where it
"BlaeK Ja(;K"
Drau/s Jfear
J^ fyd of
His Qfastly
Career
OfBloodsi?ed
JNfou/ Coolly
Faees beatl?
Bars of a
Jail ip
flew /T\^xi<;o
It not B««a that th» bmu •* immm\
cation and tr&Bsyortattea mm» mad. to,
yet art of a primitive v «£ax*««*».
To th» a-rtraxt r»adar vott DtQft IS
known about the Island mi C*p+ Bi^»i%
and It mar se*n» ismt «f t&* afcorr*
statements ar« txacgtrtUA, »«t it «aq
be stated. »o«itirely that a rr*&lc*tm «4
New York eapltalUts has subsorCbat s)
sufficient amount of moa«r ta — it— Cbg
with tho conceutant t« inrar* th» fcu&S
ing of th* road. Work will to «n»
menced within thirty «ajm aa« irfl Vi
pushed forward rapidly by taa Mufe»>
tan Contracting Company of tola tfcp,
which has taken th* contrast t» flaiaa.
the road within the so««lCe4 trsao.
The most exteniiv* •stabltsfeasnt *33
the manufacture of iron and «t*ol ts CV>
ada is the Dominion Iron and Steel Caxs*
pany. limited, capital 330,000,004, lo«ated
on the harbor at Sydney, Cap* Br»t*a,
Some of th» heaviest capitalists la Asxr<
ica, including H. M. Whitney of Be«t*a,
are interested in It. The site of th« smelt*
ing works and plant is directly oa tin
Sydney harbor, where the faeilltie* tor
receipt of raw material and shipment et
finished products are unexcelled. Tc^
work of construction Las been under way
for something like eight months.
but I will never wear an alpaca gown,
even in the morning. I have a horror of
the stuff."
; The Queen-mother paid no attention to
this objection, merely saying quietly: "We
will take it." ,
The young Queen sprang to her feet, and
going to the door, which she opened with
a Jerk, said as ehe turned on the thresh
old: "Thank heaven, I shall ere long be
able to choose my gowns, my friends and
my husband, for you need not think that
I am ignorant of the plots In which you
are engaged upon my account." . '/¦
At one time the Queen Regent decided
that her daughter should wear nothing
but white, and Wllhelmina, growing tired
of the monotony of her wardrobe, deter
mined that she would have a rose-colored
gown, telling- one of the maids of honor
to order for h«r a dress of coral-coloied
satin. Poor Countess Van R., who found
herself between two flres, as were all the
court ladles of Holland at that time,
bought th« satin desired, which was of a
very brilliant color, and ordered it made
has cast him, and he is waiting for its
punishment.
It has many an old score to settle be
fore it will be satisfied. Arizona has
pcores, too, and all the country as far as
Oklahoma, but Xew Mexico has the most.
Its postofflces have been looted. Its post
office officials hove been overcome.
Time and time again a mythical Black
Jack has been captured, and always it
proved that the victim was some other
criminal; and always Black Jack popped
up again somewhere else. Government of
ficials, armed »nd on the lookout, have
been defied by him. Detectives sent by
the Government have schemed and
watched and moved skillfully, silently, as
If he were king In a game of chera, and
never during those years was there a
checkmate. He played better than they.
He gathered about him a little band of
kindred spirits. They were recruited from
the ranks of rough-and-tough . cowboys,
cattle thieves and murderers. These came
and went from time to time, but their
leader escaped storm and strategy. Eight
Is supposed to have been the largest num
ber of men ever enlisted at once under the
rule of the outlaw. What the gang lacked
in quantity they 'made up In quality, for
there never have been men of so desperate
a kind gathered together In one band.
Their identity has been uncertain in
most cases, as has their leader's. He has
been now Ketchum, again MacDonald.
and still again somebody else, and every
time he turned out to be none of these
and proved it by performing some .
new Black Jackian feat, while
Ketchum or MacDonald or
other substitute lay in jail. ;! [
During; the time that ho .J^?^'" J ¦ r *
was thought to be Mac- M^- \ J? £
Donald he acquired a Jf . jJlT
reputation that was fur*~*x£!tZ\ ii'w
worthy a profes- 4?jEL ~«!?&JJL«|
Monal philanthro- fjF f '*^Jffc^Mi^^
head worth. ¦When his dead ¦ body was
shown people were very happy for awhile,
for they thought It was the body of Black
Jack. They found out later that they
were mistaken, for Jacs was himself or
ganizing an attack upon Shaw that was
carried out with characteristic prompt
ness.
His house was the first object of at
tack. "When Shaw was away from It one
day t£e house disappeared of a auddcn on
account of dynamite, and a little latei
his horse fell under him, shot by. the men
who had blown up the house.
The chances are that the goner would
not have stopped at shooting the horse
They had no particular grudge against
the horse, and his killing, looked like a
mere preface to hostilities. Officers In
terfered, however, before matters went
any further and Shaw was saved from
capture and torture such as was to be
expected at the hands of the bandits.
Their vengeance was only begun at that
time, but later they topped It off by shoot
ing Shaw when he was riding near the
Arizona line. For five years it has been
going on. For five years Black
Jack has held New Mex
ico and Arizona un- _i«f?BK^^
der his thumb J^^rffi8rw^"»'^**
governments. The railroad company has
made a contract with the Manhattan Con
tracting Company of this city to construct
the road at a cost of about $30,000 a mile.
This concern has done a great deal of
government work in Port© Rico and Cuba
during the last year and has millions of
dollars behind it. One of Its moving
spirits Is Dr. Seward "Webb, and the Van
derbllt interests. It Is suspected, hav» an
eye on the prospective development of this
little spur of trade
The Boston Olobe is responsible for th»
statement that it takes the Kaiser Wll
helm or any similar present mall stammer
sVven days. Including the detention at
New York, to deliver the English malls
In Boston, and It shows how th« aim*
vessels could deliver their malls In nv»
days by the Cape Breton ports. 8p«ed
being the prime consideration 'in business
circles anything that lessens the gap be
tween the continents is of mom«at.<Thi
faster the travel the m or* popular the
route. With tht completion of th» n»w
road quicker connection than n»w exists
will be formed between the United States
and Europe, as It is proposed to establish
a service of fast steamers between Louis
burr and the principal Surop«an ports,
which will' act in conjunction with th*
railroad.
The distance from Louisburi to England
i» less than 2000 miles, while from New
Tork It Is more than 3000 miles. The or
dinary time consumed In the voyage from
Loulsburg to England will be three to
three and a half days. It now takes
*he fast steamers from New York
to cover the distance to England
from six and a half to seven
and a half days. By tak-
Sjs^jW^ Ins & train at New Tork
for Loulsburg the pas
*'""*"£No$bi seriger will reach
'"**¦¦¦ that clty ln tTOm
' ?^sf~fJvyEk two to two an<s
• -. half days
"Wllhelmlna hid her face behind her
white fan, but her mother started with
surprise. It was Mia who hurried for
ward, dragging a red-faced, clumsy youth
by the hand. The girl simpered as sh«5
waddled along in the gown of coral-col,
bred satin which her Majesty "Wllhelmina
had sent on the previous evening- with the
command that sho should wear It to the
klrmees as a special mark of royal favor.
However proud she may have felt at the
honor thus conferred upon her, poor Mia
was evidently suffering physically, for
the dress was much too small for her, a
fact shown by th* seams, which were al
most bursting-, and by the absenca of
many of the hooks and eyet. Her tomato
colored face, rising abov* a niching of
rose-colored crep«, -wore the true expres
sion of a martyr, that of ecstacy and
agony combined. St? '
Come nearer, my dear," said 'Wllhol
mina. "Hot charming you are! You must
thank the Queen, for it was she who ad
vised me to give you this beautiful red
dress. Mamnaa, this is/Tan. Mla's fiance,
who Is proud to nee nls betrothed so well
drersed. Is It not so, Jan?"
._ Jan, who rather mlatrust-
SWlfc^^^ <d the motive for
this Rift, raut-
c nts r^i?^^ ¦ tercj —
l55T-'°'° — - r^ifc thlnj? un 
*ZZ^&f£>£$<2-' eo ™ T m3!^^ 4er his
"* " ¦* ¦'" ',i " -
THE BANDIT FACE
THE SUNDAY CALL.
One day a merchant brought various
fabrics to the two royal ladies for their
approval. The youngest cut longing
glances at some. of the artistic textures,
which fell so easily into .'graceful folds,
but the elder. arranged a stiff alpaca
across the back of the ' chair and said:
"This will be our first choice. "No," cried
the daughter, "you may take It If you like,
12The work was faithfully performed. . our
workers giving of th*lr. time and strength with
out stint, until a difference of opinion between
our board and said committee respecting the
proper methods to be employed and the amount
of" help to be given resulted tn the withdrawal
of th« society from the tent on November 17.
V>93. The headquarters was then removed to
the State office In the Hearst building. We
made at that time and later many earnest but
unsuccessful attempts to obtain from the dtl
wns 1 committee some part of the remaining
$2S.Q0i) of the fund contributed . by our citizens
for the benefit or. the returning, volunteers, be-
Inr encouraged to do w> by the expressed wish
of many donor* to. that fund. , ¦
Our finances had steadily and rapidly de
creased, aod as we felt thai we could not well
appeal to a' public which had so lately respond
ed with such generosity to the call of the citl
*ens*.committee.- we were reluctantly. rorced, to
curtail our work. In spite of the fact that
many men,"? even" of 'the First- California— "the
Fighting. First." «> called by the ¦ committee—
were In wretched health and i acme ; in actual
want.- and hundreds -of other •volunteers in
capacitated for work, and without . money,-
work of relief, and transportation then neces
sary. '
In September a iseneral order came todis
cbtrw. 2W disabled volunteers. Our services
were asked by Colnne! Girard. , chief surgeon
of the United. States Army General Hospital,
to take care ' of the surplus money of the aol
dlers, > after bills t were » paid , and tickets pux
ehasfHi' to their • homes. ¦ < Tour , prwldent : and
Vlc«y President Miss" Beaver " responded f t6, the
call and In s. few 'days had forwarded nearly
S3000 to the homes -of : these boys. • Many, letters
hare been recetved thanking the society ror the
kindness in -sending, the -money. < ..¦.,. .
Is not too late to brinr comfort Into th
llves of many suffering men throughout our
State ouM the custodians of the fund but be
brought to feel with us the importance of ap
plying at lea*t part of the money to this work.
The gallant Colonel Duboce of the First Regi
ment, who gare hl« life for his country, felt
most keenly the needs of .his men.- and | many
time* expressed j the hope . that . the committee
might apply the fund rather to the alleviation
cf the misery caused -by th« war than - the
glorification of the regiment in marble. ~ - ¦
earnestly . begged to be *ent to their homes,
the remaining funds \«f>re banked b y the. elti
zerw'committee for & future monument. More
than a year has passed since the return of th^
regiment and the monument Is not erected ¦ *
RED CROSS SOCIETY'S ELECTION
Francisco Red Cross Society engaged In a most
active and rushing work. The tent on L'nlun
Square Ms thronged with s returning volua
tHcre eager for anl*unce of various kinds. . At
the eirneet solicitation of tha.cltlunt' execu
tive committee, composed of Mayor Phelan. M.
H. de Young. A. II. Lawreaee and .W. J. itar
tin. the society had occupied the 'tent and wu
co-operating with that commutes In the great
The following •fflcers ' were elected at
the third annual meeting of the San Fran
cisco Red Cross Society yesterday:
. President. Mrs. John F- Merrill; first
vice president. Miss A. Beaver; second
vice president. Mrs. I. Lowcnberg; third
vice president. Mrs. F. G. Sanborn; fourth
vice president. Mrs. G. W. Buckingham;
treasurer. WHIard * B. Harrington; secre
tary. Miss A. Mack, and recording sec
retary. Mr?. Charles W. Slack.
President Mrs. John T. Merrill sub
mitted her report on the work and doings
of the organization. In part sho said:
The last annual mestlnr found the San
Can it bo that such prominent business
me,n. directors In the scheme, as Henry
J. Crocker. -Maurice. Casey. Georpe A.
Pope, John Parrott, Joseph E>. Grant,
¦with them.«elVfs.
¦ While the trotting and pacing horse con
tingent were very fortunate in receiving
all that was due them, a gigantic howl Is
Being up from the exhibitors of fancy
bred cattle and horses. AlthouKh the en
trance fee was. frreedily accepted from
these exhibitor?, the joker in the condi
tions, which reads, "and cancel awards of
prizes." has been grasped by Ed Smith as
a life-preserver would be by a drowning
man. The autocratic, pneumatic-chested
promoter, formerly of Sacramento, now
Informs exhibitors of fancy cattle and
horses that they will be awarded the. blue
ribbons, but that the cash prizes, because
of there belnp no other competitors In
their class, will be withheld. What an In
centive for breeders and prospective ex
hibitors at future fairs— that Is. if Ed
Smith is the major domo? After paying
entrance fees, transportation, feed bills'
and attendant expenses the owners of roy
ally bred animals are informed that
pieces of blue ribbon, given oy an associa
tion that failed to make good Its promise.
are their sole reward.
It- has already been published that the
fair proved a failure from lack of public
patronage and that Edwin F. Smith. Its
projector, with the backing of many of
the smartest business men in town, had
stepped down from his paper throne,
crushed and broken In spirit. Likewise
were the directors of the ill starred ven
ture, callei upon to pay an assessment of
W per .share, perturbed and all at outs
The association reserve* to Itself the eole
and absolute rteht to interpret Its rules and
regulation*; to determine all matter*, questions
or differences In regard . ther»t<y or otherwise
ariflrjir out of or connected -with 'or incident to
the fair: »1k> to refu-«e and to cancel any en
trie*. dUiuallfy exhibitors, prohibit exhibition?
cf entries and cancel awards ol prizes, as may
be deemed expedient.
The following Is - one of the crafty
jokers, labeled "Interpretation of Rules":
- Now that the San Francisco and San
ilateo Ccunty. Fair of KO0, held at Tan
foran Park, is a thin* -of the pas:, with
its clinging memories of- white frost and
rainy weather, quite a number of the ex
hibitors of fancy stock are taking a mi
croscopic view of the conditions that gov
erned things.
--Secrelarv Smith was interviewed "last
evening and said that In all classes where
there was no competition, .exhibitors
would be awarded blue ribbons and houor
cnly. ,
Such duplicity has" riot* passed unnoticed
and while the- projectors: have given out
that another fair would be given next
year the fizzle just past will. in.all prob
ability, terminate all sjch thought. It I*
understood that a number of exhibitor*
of fancy cattle and horses In classes
where there was no comi>etltlon : will' on
Monday morninr make "a demand on Ed
win F. Smith for the money .offered as
prizes. Falling to se-*ure : this . they- will
take recourse to th» law. Some of the
very best business men -In this city, are
among the stockholders and-¦¦these;ex
hibltors do not- believe the action ot Mr.
Smith will be sanctioned by them when
the facts are more fullv known., r'i
This Is not all. however. Two separate
bocks were Issued. -In" one -of which the
rules governing exhibits were not pub
lished, this latter being supplied to own
ers of thoroughbred horses and cattle.
Oeorge A. Newhail. Wilfrid- B. Chapman.
J. 3. Crockett. Walter S. Hobart. J. F.
Boyd ar.d Major Rathbone, can be parties
to such a bunko gamer* '•*> • ..
Harness Horse-Owners Get Their Coin, but Fancy
Stock Exhibitors Received Blue Ribbons Only.
ANITA M. BALDWIN*, daughter of
"Lucky" Baldwin, is divorced. She
secured the decree 111 Oakland yes
terday morning on the ground that i
her husband, George W.. Baldwin, i
had deserted her.
It was one of the quickest divorces an
recor*!. .Less than rixte«n hours elapsed
between the filing of the complaint and
the granting of the decree. |
Mrs. Baldwin's complaint 'was handed tr. j
a Deputy County Clerk. after. oXace hour's |
Friday afternoon. In their effort? to ob- j
tain secrecy her attorney. Clarence Crow j
ell. had enlisted the aUlof Deputy Clerk |
B. H. Swan, who obligingly held the ofilce ;
open an. hour overtime. Crowell was ac- j
corapanled by Attorney Jellett of the firm
of Jellett-Jt Meyerstein./who bad the de
fendant's, answer in his pocket. The an- i
swer # was placed on record five minutes
after the complaint.
- Jhe % clerk then tossed both documents i
Into a pigeon-hole in his own private desk
and. 'locking up the office, departed.
After much searching for. a Judge to try |
the case Judge Hall was found willing to !
give the matter a hearing.' -The only wit- j
nesses examined were tne plalntlif and I
her uncle, who testified that Baldwin "de- }
serted his wife on January 1, 1S99. and •
had never lived with her since. j
It developed that the couple did not live »
together happily for any great length of |
time "jifter their marrtasje' and that quar
rels were'frequent until Baldwin left his
young wife and ,went East. Mrs. Baldwin •
testified that she communicated with her
husband on his return and asked him If
he-intended to live with t.er again. Hl»
reply was that he did not. It was then
that she consulted Attorneys Crowell & !
Leach with the view of obtaining a dl- !
vorce. •
- The couple have no children and. there
are no* property Interests Involved.
-The ¦ defendant did not put In an ap
pearance and did not deny In his answer
that* he.left^hls wife nearly two years
ajro. He did deny, however, the Intention 1
of- desertion. From . the general tenor of »
the answer he was apparently not sorry
that he and his wife should part com
pany. - • - "¦- - -- >
-The divorce is th- .seq.uel.to a tugboat
marriage which ' took - place ¦ on January
5, 1532, -when George Baldwin and s hls
pretty second. cousin, Anita M. Baldwin,
were - very, younjr . but ardent lovers.
George was but '25 years of are and en-
Joyed the not- too- munificent salary of a
billiard marker; 4n the Baldwin Hotel.
Anita was 17, pretty and black-eyed and
she and Cou.«ln George soon fell in love.
"Lucky" Baldwin was asked for iho
hand of his dautrhter, bat turned * deaf
ear to the pleadings of her wooer. Se
cretly they arranged plans for an elope
ment. Captain Herman Merx of the tu?
Elizabeth was taken :iuo their confidence
and he In turn enllsteo the sympathy of
Rev. Julius Fuendelinjr of St. Markup
German Evangelical Lutheran Church c£
San Francisco.
On January 3. lpj£. while "Lucky"
Baldwin wa* on a trip to his Santa Anita
ranch, his pretty daughter and her cousin
steamed out through ibe fog of the Gold
en Gate and were married on the open
sea.
When "Lucky" Baldwin learned of th*«
runaway marriage b> discharged his
nephew frcm his employ and told him to
take his wife and support her the bes*
way he knew how. The old man offered
to wager at Lout time that the coupl?
would not live together for a year.
The year? husband secured a political
position as a clerk and managed to sup
port himself and wife. His frrit aroused
the sympathy of his ur»c!e. who took him
back In his employ. George remained at
the Baldwin Hotel until that hostelry was
destroyed by fire. Beictr thrifty he ac
cutnu!ated enough money to purchase a
string of racehorses. He took the racers
with him when he left his wife and went
MAYOR WEL ISSTTE KO
ELECTION PKOCULMATT.O2T
Governor May Have to Issue Supple
mental Call to Include Justices
of the Peace.
City Attorney Lane Informed the Board
of Ejection Commissioners yesterday that
the or.ly proclamation required by general
law as to the coming election on Novem
ber C was one issued by the Governor of
the State.
In bis -opinion Lar* says that the
Mayor's proclamation la required only for
municipal officers. As the Governor
omitted In W3 i lection proclamation a call
for the election of Justices of the Peace
It may be necessary for him to issue &
supplemental call therefor.
The charter says that Justices of the
Peace shall b* voted for at the same time
as members of the Legislature and the
Registrar will put the names of candi
dates '<"- the omen on the general ticket.
Mrs. Anita Baldwin Separated From
Husband by Court's Decree.
DIVORCE FOLLOWS
TUGBOAT MARRIAGE
TANFORAN FAIR PROVED
A FROST AND BUNKO GAME
MRS. DR. ABBIE F. WOODMAN
is in the "eanks" at the City
Prison and a charge of grand
larceny wJD be booked against
her. She is accused of stealing
r Tin box containing 7!Xw shares of Numa
.„,..,.„' „»__!, ,. =i.,^h „, ryj „»., rw.r «hare-
mir.ir.* st^-k. valued at-0 cents per .nare
;--*<!ry vftue.1 at about ««. «\f r *1 ff ld
DSSfet* and two bankbooks of the iiioer-
tSa. Biink. one showing J21©) on deposit
ar.d the othtr *£». the property of Mrs.
h^^S^^tS^^iw&T
tw-j ladies *ere talking about burglars.
•Mr.- <tn~t> r«n»ri-«i ?h*t «h<> k*t«t all
Nr v-'MV^^lrd lewdn-" a tic
Y$,i i^hlr ? <*^4i7or *a%«?
SS^^S^.^£ls\ 8g Mon g da> rt Mrs?
1 tin to^aaojj
content* b*U mysteriously disappeared,
Bbc reported tie fact to Captain tieymour
end BCBtSOBed hr-r RmdSoS about Mrs.
Woodman. The captain at once set the
Z%^E2£°?&Z%?Z&Z he r«r&,«
5 SSB?K?^S£ffiS£ had Pl°eK
Lhjre fjrS^fh* day previous and told
:, fner.d that *i» _ was going u> Seattle and
.rcm there on theovertand train to oan
J raric-fco. He re<^ived a dirpatch from
wS2£2L th £ f *1! ow1? ;r f&tPS ,, M":
v/'^rT; L .;f °£ pir VL al the 0"^ 1
T^tr, ?• h t^J-M, n,- m S °Vh r
Bro»n. He wired Chief C. S. Reid of
received a reply that
r^.Tfi 1 i?r~":., ati h/ nj? io ?£ l H? teL
b£K?2^ nISmS detailr 1 D^ctives
'itrf US - lU, 2 r t na!l l< at , th £ Oa£"
otVLr'-^S -rST f *'atrV h<?, a 7lva1^ ££i he
S3£r£fl^?£LSl2? P"«land. and Friday
*5fV£^nrVr^nvn6tepi^off^etr^ a
!> *r7*. :ed /h^ wa 5
kr.w\r£ lr?-h^ 5*^? an^ denied
cS^tTSf J S about th *" tm or it*
v."•¦;* !"j. .. _,^_t „ „
hlTvtrf c^ ap i? ? S< 3' m ?£ r
*pra!a aSS hit* -£• ¥ oa« l5 e H1 *
Wte«?nJ££~i 2? tl e ? W °n^eposit
Rank ¥-%l XI Lf'™ 1* 0"*1
™"wt?^T-;^ ?iT'Tr.i 1 thal lh *
tfo-al B*rk iS wtrS* t^ll Ku^Sl
ifeksSEiSiiWii w.^r.^t^H^:T^!
£5H.o«^*k^ fiwir3S>Mi7 1Ss ?***- aln|
1^&*t*?vF™JF%S5 a u lonts at
t^Vwt^r.,^7 -n^v k en T Prfft ntfed at
i n f-,' l S\rr? h?-*«ii^£ hy Joseph Gate*,
v±b i-^k SSt f??£»- OJA P,? n T S wn-
setiU. Ti_o had teta Imposed upoa by a
I woman answering Mrs. Woodman's de
j bcription. . ¦:
j *£££ 0^
, Woodman yesterday, ilrs. Stone bemg
j present. She again denied knowing any
thing about the tin box. remarking:- "It
!¦ impossible. You will have to prove it."
.^ £ , has writt<?n to aU the chiefs
cf police in the north, sending a full de
scnptjon 0; the missing property. Mrs.
Stone's husband is In the Government
service and Is at present in Manila.
^^"^ that she was willing to con
; gll' _„ o» „„„ t .... t. n-r, t*<n g*.t-'
fcne uas at °nce taken to Captain fcey
mour> office i »b*re sh <> voluntarily told
how she n&i stolen the box wUh Its
| Ate listening to her confession the
SSt
j £ c!f"i% rt h th^Ttr en trea-u-e -
; r n^'Y!* ™e '? r r *hL the nark
j the main drive untlfrte
j [£££*, *lo£* .* h t * contiguous
to Sup^rinten^nt McLSri^o^^nth
£^g »S5 d gan XdlSrg into
..It.s h .. sh; cried her finpera
tmiche<1 the stoien boi. "I'm so glad that
I've found it."
The penitent woman then produced the
box ?.r.d har.ded it to the detective. She
wa * then taken b*** to P°hce headquar
lers and locked up.
The contents of the box. with the ex
! <*PHon of the bank book, were found In
tact. When nuestloned. Mr?. Woodman
j s *id sfc * destroyed the books at Port
I Townsend as she flid not want to carry
them th her. After reaching this city.
fhc saJ<1 ' 8b<> intended to realize on the
Jewelry, but fearing arrm. she concluded
to bury it until.the robbery had been for
gotten. Aft*>r satisfjingr herself that she
was safe from detection she intended to
relurn lo lne Park and unearth the stolen
erasure. She told the police that she
went to the pleasure grounds shortly after
«J«*k. and selecting the spot near the
lode». «h« buried the box and built a
&n*to* * whenever she sitis
^t. herseIf flhe WRa "*•from ar-
To Captain Seymour the woman said
that che had studied m«llc!ne in Boston
home ls ln i^lne. where her relative* re-
Mdt It U her Intention to plead guilty
wn *'n her •=**« !¦'called In the bo1>e of
escaping with a light sentence.
Accused of Taking Stocks of Jewelry
and Bank Books Worth Thousands.
WOMAN IS CHARGED
WITH HEAVY THEFT
Several months after the signing of this
will Mr?. Shiramins made a trip to this
city In company with Joseph Madenas. It
is charged that Madenns took the old
woman by a circuitous route In a buggy
into Oakland and from there to the of
fice of Attorney Sawyer in this city. The
old woman was about to sign another
will. . although the first had not been de
stroyed, and she had expressed no pur
pose, as far as 'known, to change It. Her
Sawyer to the ranch of the old ¦woman at
San Pablo. There in the presence of Dr.
Bennett and the Rev. Father Pimentel.
her physician and the parish priest of
San .Pablo, Mrs. Shimmins signed the
will. When she was ask>d If it were her
will she rodtled her hc?.d and the priest
and the physician affixed their signatures
as witnesses.
She went with Madenas to the office of
Attorney Sawyer. She was shown another
will which was materially different fipm
the first. The second will gave to Attor
ney . Sawyer the woman's entire .property
with the exception of the ranch, which
was bequeathed to Madenas.. Attorney
Sawyer's wife and daughter were omit
ted as legatees and absolutely no refer
ence was made to Mrs." Shimmins' sister.
Mrs. Ellen Osborn. Madenas wa? made
an. absolute legatee instead -of a provis
ional one and Sawyer was made executor
without bonds. The testament was sign-
Burning of the First Will.
life was drawing to a close. Three week?
after that journey to this city she wa?
dead, but that day of the buggy ride she
signed another will.- -¦• . ....
Months passed after the making of the
will, which was brought by Attorney
made and typewritten in the office of At
torney K. D. Sawyer. In th!s will Mrs.
Shirnmins gave all her money, her jewelry
and other personal property to E. D.
Sawyer, his wife and daughters. The
will provided that If the ranch, which
is appraised at J12/X0 and said to be worth
$20,000, were not otherwise disposed of, it
was to be given to Joseph Matlenas. This
unusual provision created considerable
comment among those who saw the will,
as Madenas was left without anything
if Attorney Sawyer felt disposed not to
give him anything. In this will there was
another significant clause which provided
that the sister of the testator, Mrs. Ellen
Osborn, . a woman ' of over 70 years,
was to receive $25 a month.
LEADING FIGURES IN A SENSATIONAL WILL, CONTEST. WHICH 'WILL BE COMMENCED TO-MORROW
MORNING FOR POSSESSION OF THE RICH ESTATE OF MRS. MARIA L. SHIMMINS. WHO LEFT HER I
PROPERTY TO E. D. SAWYER AND JOSEPH MADENAS. ' j
Shortly after that she signed her first
will, a remarkable document, which was
She was sadly in need of medical at
tendance, but the doctor could do little.
Early in the year she was found one day
senseless and bleeding upon the floor of
her kitchen. Her face and head were
lacerated and her nose was broken. No
one knew how the mishap came to her.
but it was supposed that in a sudden
faintness or a fit she had fallen insensible
and had Injured herself.
Sawyer Made an Heir.
As years went by the neighbor* said she
became more and more eccentric. She
kept more than ever to herself. She be
came parsimonious even to the Jimit of
denying herself the necessaries of life,
although she had many thousands of dol
lars in the bank, valuable property In
Berkeley and her rich farm and orchard
at San Pablo. Early in this year the
crisis in her life was rec:hed. She was
over SI years of a^e and began rapidly to
fall in physical and mental health. She
conjured before her, it is said, phantom
enemies, who sought her life, beating her.
and as witnesses will swear that she told
them, breaking her skull.
She secluded herself, withdrew herself
from the few associations which she had
made and lived alone. Sixteen years ago
she employed an overseer for her ranch.
He was Joseph Madenas. a young Portu
guese, who by the provisions of her will.
now inherits the property. With very few
friends beyond this overseer Mrs. Shim
mins lived on her lonely ranch. She did,
however, retain the friendship of another
man. He was E. D. Sawyer, the attorney
of this city, who went occasionally to her
ranch and counseled with her In reference
to her affairs.
her death on August 10 last. In 1575 the
husband whom she had divorced killed
himself, and his tragic death seemed to
n.ake a most lasting impression upon her
mind.
-It is against the probate ot this will
that the sensational cor.test will be filed
to-morrow morning. The contest will be
made by Ellen Osborn, the sister of Mrs.
Shimmins - an.l by Ellen M. StuberfleM,
Egbert H. . Housman, Alfred H. Hous
man. Martha J. Griffith i.nd Caroline H.
Grave Charges of Fraud.
On August 13 she was buried and on
August 14 Attorney Sawyer filed the sec
end will for probate, applied for letters
and gave the customary notice. In his
petition he made the extraordinary asser
tion that as far as he knew the dead
woman had no living relatives, although
in the first will provision had been made
for a sister of Mrs. Shimmins. The will
was filed with the clerk of the Superior
Court of Contra Ccfsta County at Mar
tinez and on August Zl the testament was
admitted to probate.
The priest asked her if she had any
documents of value with her and she re
plied that she did not know, but Madenas
had placed something under her pillow.
The priest felt under h«r pillow and
found the Qrit will w^iich the dying
woman had made. He told her what it
was and at her request he threw it into
the fire. the. old woman saying that she
had made a second -will and had no use
for the first-
After signins this will Mis. Shimmins
went with Madenas to a local bank and
drew out Jlftt). She gave him SX9. for
which he-gave her- bis note. The old
woman thed returned to her home. This
was on July 19. and on August ID she was
dead. She failed quickly after signing
her second will. The Rev. Father Plmen
tel called upon her frequently, administer
ing to her spiritual wants. A few days
before her death Father Pimentel counsel
ed h«r that it "would be wise for her to
arrange her papers and prepare for the
summons which was likely soon to come.
€d by Mrs. Shimmins and witnessed b;
Mil.toa Davis and Rose Tichner. ,
Attorney Sawyer was seen last night by
a Call reporter at his residence. 833 Bosh
street. He was asked if he cared to roako
any statement In regard to the allegations
made by the contestants of the will. aa«t
replied that he did not know what they
were. The .'nformation was offered him,
but he declined to hear it. He positively
refuse*! to di«cuss the matter, saying de
liberately: "I try my cases in the proper
manner— in the courts, and not ia tha
newspapers. '.*
In this contest Rev. Father Plmentel
will be a most Important •witness. Father
Pimentel is one of the best known and
most highly respected Catholic clergymen
in the State. He related yesterday the Jn
cldents which marked the destruction' of
the first will jrhich he read, signed as a
witness and subsequently destroyed at the
request of Mrs. Shimmins. He declared
that when he signed the will ha did not
know It? contents, but subsequently that
he had marked the difference between it
and the second will. He waa greatly sur
prised, he said, that Mrs. Shimmins had
neglected to provide for her relatives,
particularly as they are in needy circrsa
•jtances. Father Pimentel's testimony will
be nf material value in support of the al
legation cf conspiracy.
This wiH, the complaint alleges, was
signed while Mrs. Shimmins was acting
under the menace of Sawyer and Ma
denas. who pretended to know some hid
den secret of her life and threatened, if
she did not execute a will bequeathing to
them her property, to expose her la her
old age. In fear of such threats, it is
alleged, she signed the will making: Saw
yer and Madenas her heirs. Upon theso
allegations the contestants ask that the
will be declared void and that its probata
be revoked.
In their complaint the alleged heiri
make most serious allegations. They In
sist that Mrs. Shlmmns died intestat*.
as they claim that the alleged will is nr»
v. ill at all. having been executed whlla
Mrs. Shtxnxnin* was insane and having
been obtained by threat. Intimidation and
menace. The contestants charge that
when Mrs. Sliimmin* made the second
will she was not of s<>und and disposins
mind and was mentallv incompetent to
make acy will. It is charg-?# that th«
will was signed as the direct result of
undue influence exerted over the old
woman by Attorney Sawyer and Made
nas.
The lonely life of Mrs. Shlmmina on her
ranch Is described and It 13 claimed that
for many years* before her death she was
weak and ill in body and mind. While in
this condition. U Is charged, sae became
subject to the wishes of Sawyer and Ma
denas. whom she feared and by. whom she
was dominated. Sawyer and Madecas are
charged with having falsely told; the old
woman that her sister was dead and that
her other relatives did not care for her.
But even here the allegations do not end.
Sawyer and Madenas are further accused
of having poisoned the mind of the old
woman and after taking unfair advantage
of her urged and importuned her until sha
signed her name to the testament.
The Old Woman Kept Her Secret.
Decker, the nephews and niece* of the
dead woman. The contestants are resi
dents of New York ana i»re represented
by Attorney James H. Creely. with whom
I .» associated Attorney V. Borland- Mr.
Creely has Just returned from New Toxic
and will file his contest In the tnorrUngf.
How Joseph Madenas
Won a Rich Ranch
and an Income
Strange Story of an Old
Hermit Woman of
San Pablo.
MYSTERY OF
A "WILL THAT
WAS BURNED
woman, who is now dead.
The second will has been filed in court
ar.d has been admitted to probate. In
tltfs wi!l E. D. Sawyer is made principal
legatee and executor without bonds, and
Joeepb Madenas. who is charred as his
accomplice, receives what Sawyer te not
given This trill, by which Attorney Saw
yer obtains a fortune, was made bv him
and signed by the woman, who is nnw
drad, in his office ir. this city. It Is in
• - . r OOa will that the *dt U filed,
sttr. r^phews and nieces of the dead
womar. making the accusations and ask
ing that the testamer.t which has been
admitted to probate be declared an invalid
document.
Life Story cf the Hermit Woman.
The suit promises to develop a series of
s- r-.j-aticr.s and scandalous disclosures.
The contest is over the estate of Mrs.
Maria L. Shimrnins; an aped and eccentric
woman, who lived the last thirty years of
her life \jjw.>n her rich poperty at San
Peblo. She was practically a woman her
mit. She had few neighbors and fewer
friends. She lived in her farm shanty at
£sti Pablo with but one companion, who
by the provisions of her will now inher
its? her ranch.
Her early life was a stormy one. In it
there were incidents which the old woman
tried to forret. but which she could not
tide from some who knew her. It was
supposed that she had sisters in the East,
tut the seldom referred to them and few
in California knew them. In 1S73 a climax
carr.e in her life. She divorced her -hus
band. Charles Shimmins. and received
half of the community property. This In
cluded her ranch of eighty-eight acres at
Sin Pablo, upon which she lived until
The i-rcry which leads up to these re
marka.b;e allegations is a strange one.
Att<: rr.-?y Bwjtt la accused cf having
forced the dead woman to execute two
«rQls, the *r>t of vrhlch made provision
for. himself, his wife and his daughters,
ar.d the second of which made him the
principal legatee and executor. The first
rf These wills, which contained seme very
? Urr.if.car.t provisions which were omitted
from the second, was destroyed by a
CaiboSc priest at the reauest of the
>ira.tee all she possessed.
ANOTHER sensational will contest,
bristlir.i? ¦with allegations against
cse of the most i>ronilnent men
in Sir. FTaacisco and involv
ing- the strange story of an
eccentric wcmar.'s life, is to er.g^e the
attention of the courts. The property in
vclve-d Is estimated to be worth between
$25,000 a.zxi $4y,'K*) tn re.al estate, money
tsd diamonds. The reputation at stake is
that of E. P. Sawyer. a= agel attorney
of this city, irho for many years has oc
cupied an honereJ poeliioa la his profes
sion, la a «u:t which win be filed to
merrtyw morrir.s he :s accused of having:
forced a Triad woman to !>?<;ueath to him
and to a nan ¦rho is alleged to be his
fellow cor^irator all cf her rich estate.
Attorney Sawyer :s charyd in this con
test of a will with having: threatened an
!n«ar.^ ananaa with the expos© of a dis
honorable secret of her life if she did not
fcwooeslh to him and to his associate all
cf her f-roperty. He Is accused of havine
hara^>^i. threatened ar.d plagued this
«XEtr. ur.til in desperation she signed the
testament giving 1 to hira and his associate
Attorney Charged With
a Series of Grave
Offenses
Mrs. M. L Shimmins'
Will Is Attacked by
Her Natural Heirs.
SENSATIONAL
CONTEST FOR
RICH ESTATE
E. D. SAWYER ACCUSED OF COMPELLING A WOMAN
TO MAKE HIM AN HEIR TO HER PROPERTY
SAN FRANCISCO, SUNDAY, OCTOBER 7, 1900— THIRTY-TWO PAGES.
VOLUME LXXXVm-XO. 129.
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
Pages 13 to 22
O. i;m . &
Pages 13 to 22
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL.REASSEMBLING OF
THE FKENCH CHAMBERS
Much Adverse Comment on the
Lateness of the' Date
Fixed.
PARIS, Oct. 6.— It Is understood that
the Chambers will reassemble the second
week of November. The Government 's
desirous of giving the country a breath
ing space between the Exposition and the
opening of Parliamentary oratory. The
organs of the opposition are already
clamoring for an earlier date, asserting
that the Ministry is reluctant to face the
charges, and the critics seem to be
against it. There Is really no ground,
however, for assuming that the Govern
ment is In any way apprehensive as to
Its postition In view of the splendid sup
port It received on the occasion of the big
banquet to the Mayor? of France.
Both tha, Ministers oi War and Marine,
however, have to meet attacks. General
Andree on account of his reorganization
of the military school of St. Cyr, which
he makes moro democratic Instead of
leaving It. as It has hitherto been, an
aristocratic preserve, and De Lanessan on
charges of . constant faults in his. direc
tion of the navy and of Indulging in the
most shameless favoritism.
» — ¦
Another Plague Case.
LONDON, Oct. 6.— A special from Glas
gow says another case of bubonic plague
has been discovered In a part of the city
hitherto free from tho disease.
IRISH TROOPS BEATEN
• BACK BY THE BOERS
Lord Roberts Estimates That He
Holds at Least Sixteen Thou
sand Prisoners.
LONDON. Oct. 6. — A dispatch from Lord
Roberts, dated Friday, October 5, says:
"The number of prisoners captured or
surrendered is dally Increasing and must
now aggregate nearly 16,000 men.
"Commandant Muller has surrendered
to Clery and Commandant Dlrksen and
others are on their way to Pretoria to
surrender.
"A detachment of the London Irish en
deavored to surprise a party of Boers
near Bultfonstein, but had to return after
half an hour's fighting, with six wounded
men. The Boers* suffered heavily."
LOURENZO MARQUES, Oct. 6.— Mr.
Kruger's grandson, Eloff, will sail on Oc
tober 10 to prepare a residence in Brus
sels for the former President of the Trans-
EXPOSITION SHORN OF
A PICTURESQUE EXHIBIT
Orientals and Africans Refused to
Longer Shiver at Paris' Big
Show.
PARIS. Oct. 6.— The exposition has been
shorn of one of the most picturesque ex
hibits in the departure of the majority ot
the Orientals and Africans attached to the
colonial section In the Gardens of the Tro
cadero. Although the weather is still
fairly warm, the Orientals have been
shivering with cold and demanding their
return home. Consequently nearly all of
them have been packed off to their native
lands.
While some people are asking: that the
exposition's closing be postponed, there is
no chance of their appeals being granted.
The exposition will close November 5.
Many members of the American Commis
sion have already sailed and the direc
tors are occupied with the task of ar
ranging for the. return of the exhibits.
The American jockeys are Invading
France. Cash Sloan. Freeman and Sims
are located here. They say they are able
to pet more mounts here, espwlallv as the
scale of weights is heavier. Thev all ex
press delight at the methods of racing.
is that the other states are vassals of th
Emperor of China. The fact that Chin;
has been. forced to permit Ministers o
the powers to reside at Peking dees no
change the situation. The Ministers mere
ly enjoy treaty rights. Therefore the at
tacks upon Ministers were merel;
breathes of treaty rights.
The Chinese are utterly in Ignorance of
the Idea of, the sanctity of the Embassa
dors. *
- The forthcoming- grain duties have been
discussed in a lively manner thl« week.
It is now admitted that the agricultural
section of the Tariff Commission has
apreed that the minimum duties on wheat
and rye should be SO and Go marks respec
tively per metric ton.
It is interesting, as an illustration of
agrarian methods, that until a year ago
the highest demands were 60 and ~65
marks. The 80 mark rate equals oO cents
per bushel, and the Radical papers cal
culate it would mean an annual burden of
$27,000,000 upon the consumers. I
Emperor William, after a fortnight's
deer stalking at Romlnton, arrived yes
terday at Hubertusstock to continue his
Fport.
Nothing Is known here about the report
cabled from New York this week that
other American life insurance companies
ar« about to be readmitted to do business
here. . •
It is reported that Hambur? firms have
bought 50,000 Snringfleld muzzle-loaders
from the United States Government.
The German technical societies have
decided to issuo an international technical
dictionary in English, French and Ger
man.
LONDON. Oct. 6.— The only results of
the day's polllnjr received to-day are
those from the Flint and Carnarvon dis
tricts, both of which elected Liberals,
and from the Shipley division of York
shire, AV r est Riding, which returns a
Unionist. Those do not alter the Bain of
the respective parties. There have 'been
elected 4S1 members thus far, 322 of whom
ace Ministerialists and 159 are representa
tives of the opposition. !
There is no probability that the result
of the balloting In the 1SD constituencies
still to be heard from will materially af
fect the present position of the parties,
and It is generally conceded that the Min
isterial majority in the new Parliament
will be in the neighborhood of 150.
The Liberals captured a. member In
Westmoreland, where Sir John Savory.
Conservative, the former Lord Mayor ot
London, suffered defeat. Sir Hobert Held,
Liberal, who was connected with the
Venezuelan arbitration, was re-elected
for Dumfries by a slightly decreased ma
jority, while the Liberal Imperialist, H.
H Asquith (formerly Home Secretary),
was returned with double his previous
majority. The results of yesterday's
polls are: ?„
Dumfries burghs— Sir Robert T. Reid,
(Liberal) 1S47; W. Murray (Liberal), 1300.
Huntingdonshire, North— The Hon. E.
A. Fellows (Conservative), 2332; G. J.
Phillips (Liberal), 1742.
Huftolk, Northwest— Ian Malcom (Con
servative), 4312; I**. C. Horobln (Liberal),
C068.
Fifeshire, East— Hon. H. II. Asquith
(Liberal), 4141; A. H. B. Constable (Con
servative), 2270.
Northamptonshire, North— S. G. Stop
ford, Sackvtlle (Conservative), 4594; F.
Barlow (Liberal), 3252.
Lincolnshire, South— Lord Willoughby
Ersby (Conservative), 4332; T. Wallace
(Liberal). 2C92. - „ „ ¦„
: Denbigh Boroughs — Hon. T. G. Kenyon
(Conservative), 1S62; C. Edwards (Lib
eral), 17E2. '
Dorset, North— J. K. . Wlngflcld Dlgby
(Conservative), 3705; Mr. Gordon (Liberal),
3165. . .
Wiltshire, East— E. A. Goulden (Con
servative), 3732; F. F. N. Rogers (Liberal),
3111.- -
Yorkshire. West Ridingr, Holmflrth Di
vision—H. J. Wilson (Liberal). 4505^ Major
E. M.-*. Stuart Wortley (Conservative),
3738.
Durham, Chester Le Street Division— Sir
J. J. Bart (Liberal), 5S30; Captain Nichol
son (Conservative), 5321. . •
Donegal, East— E.«M. O'Fadden (Irish
Nationalist), 3112; Mr.. Cooke (Conserva
tive). 2C60. ¦':•¦
Norfolk. East— R. J. Price (Liberal),
45C3; -.Captain W. Prioleu (Conservative;,
6333.
i Westmoreland, North— R. RJgg (Lib
eral), 2835; Sir Joseph Savori (Con
servative).. 2256.
Yorkshire, • North Riding, Richmond
Division— J. Hutton (Conservative). 4573:
Hon. G. Howard (Liberal), 3U7.
Returns So Far Re
ceived Do Not Alter
the Positions of
the Parties.
CONSERVATIVE
MAJORITY IS
NOW ASSURED
M. DELCASSE, FRENCH FOR
EIGN MINISTER, WHOSE
NOTE ON CHINA STIRS THE
• POWERS.
thorities of thla city have been In session
all day and efforts hav^ been made to
persuade the socialists to abandon their
projects. This the socialists hava refused
to do. and the authorities, therefore, have
decided to bax all the streets leading 1 to
the square in. front of the Boerse, only
admitting those people who have pre
viously obtained tickets.
LEAVES LEGACY TO LOTJBET.
the Will of lime. Perret.
President of France a Beneficiary ia
PARIS. Oct. 6.— A dispatch to L» Patrl*
from Lyons announces the death of Mm©.
Perret, wife of the former banker of that
name. She leaves a fortune of many mil
lion francs, the principal ber.ellciary be
ing President Loubet.
Will Try Yontsey.
GEORGETOWN. Ky., Oct. 8. — The
whole day was spent in selecting 1 a Jury
In the Youtsey trial ar.d at 5 o'clock to
night, when the court adjourned after *
five hours' continuous session, only eleven
jurors had been permanently secured. Alt
of the Jurors are farmers and all Demo
crats except one, who is a "Brown Demo-'
crat." ••
. ' Cartridge Factory Burned.
LONDON, Oct. 6— A disastrous flre has
occurred at the cartridge factory of th»
Vickers-Maxim Company. A large stock
of shells ready for shipment was de
stroyed. The fusillade of exploding shells
caused the greatest consternation. Ther»
were no fatalities.
Collier Amir Floated.
PORT SAID. Oct. 6.— The American
steam collier Amir. w..Ich reaently sank
In the Suez Car.al on her way to Manila
with ccal for the American fleet, has
been floated and the canal Is now Ireely
open to traffic.
Warwickshire, Xortheast Division — F.
A. Newdigwe (Conservative), 5736; Mr,
Johnson (Liberal), 4432.
Durham, Northwest— L. Atherly-Jones
(Liberal), 515S; 'J. Joyce (Conservative),
5137.
Northumberland, Wansbeck Division—
C. Fenwick (Liberal), 5174; J, S. Appleby
(Conservative). 42S3.
Butteehire — Hon. R. G. Murray (Conser
vative). 1241; Mr. Lamont (Liberal). 1048.
Oxfordshire, South— R. T. Hnrmon-
Hodge (Conservative). 3G22; H. Samuel
(Liberal). 3510.
Derbyshire, Ilkston Division— Sir B. W.
Ferter (Liberal), C633; F. Wright (Conser
vative). 6560.
Kent. Southwest— A. S. Griffith-Boscawn
(Conservative), 5579; G. Cory (Liberal),
3491.
Cheshire. Wirral Division— J. Hoult
(Conservative), 60M: W. II. Lever (Lib
eral), 5070.
Carmarthenshire. East— Abel Thomas
(Liberal). 4337; Captain E. Richardson
(Conservative), 2155.
PRINCE AXBEKT AND HIS
BRIDE IN BRUSSELS
Met by a Large Crowd at the Station,
but There "Were No Cries of
Acclamation. "
BRUSSELS. Oct. 6.-Prince Albert of
"Belgium and his bride, the Duchess Eliz
abeth of Bavaria, arrived here shortly
after 3 o'clock. King- Leopold and the
heir of Flanders met -them at the train.
The Queen's health prevented her pres
ence at the railroad station.
As the royal party left the station a
choir composed of school, children sang a
cantata. Outside the station the crowd
whiqh was large, stood respectful and did
not give vent to any cries of acclamation.
The police regulations were stringent.
The boulevards along which the royal
family passed to the palace were strongly
guarded, but there was no disturbing inci
dent. The workmen's party pasted a
number of walls with proclamations ask
ing its members not to participate in the
demonstration, but it is claimed the com
position of the crowds showed that the
request was not heeded.
Prince Albert and his bride are to wit
ness a procession of 7000 school children
to-morrow and the danger of a hostile
demonstration has not passed. The au-
vaal. The latter will sail on the Dutch
cruiser Gelderland a few days later.
ALIWAL NORTH, Monday, Oct. 1.—
General de Wet is reported a few miles
south of Wepener. In the Orange River
colony, about seventy miles north AHwal.
The Boers near here are in a state of
great excitement. All outpost camps have
been called In. A detachment of Cape po
lice engaged in reconnoitering near Roux
vllle, somewhat less than halfway be
tween Alwal North and Wepener, rode out
of one end of the town as the Boers gal
loped into the other end. Two mounted
Australians were captured. Some of the
Rouxville merchants have destroyed their
stock to prevent them from falling Into
the hands of the Boers.
4* '• 4*
cabled to the Associated Press, has had a
greater effect on the negotiations than
any recent circumstance, besides making
the Continental plan for working inde-.
pendently of the United States unfeasible.
It can now be announced that The in-,
formation of the. Associated Press on this
subject, which was so disbelieved on the
Continent and-whl.ch was the subject of
so many denials, was secured direct from
the British Government and It was even
more official than the official equivoca
tions which. In the interests of interna
tional harmony, were issued' subsequent
to the dispatch of the Associated Pre*s.
With the Chinese muddle showing p'.cns
of clearing: up, there Js.-some opportunity
of paying attention to the quiet ending
of the war in South Africa, . .
Out of thirty thousand wounded, 29,000
have actually returned to duty. .Such
quick recovery of such a large percentage
of the wounded rather breaks down Baron
Bloch's theory that a modern war is im
possible, owing to its- slaughter, though
it is true that 10.000 British soldiers have
found graves in South Africa.
London 1b already in a state of expec
tancy, awaiting the return of the City
Imperial Volunteers from South Africa,
and as socn as the elections are over the
¦whole country Is likely to jrive itself up
to a period of jubilant anticipation, pend
ing the arrival of Lord Roberts, whose
return home will be marked by cele
brations such as Great Britain has not
seen for many a year.
The attitude of the Canadian electors
toward the policy of sending soldiers to
South Africa from Canada Is awaited here
with some interest. The Globe editorially
expresses the hope that Mr. Bourassa and
others agreeing with his ideas may be de
feated, but adds: "Whether Sir Wilfrid
Lauripr. the Premier. Is returned or not
we believe the next administration of Can
ada will be even more strongly imperial
istic than at present."
The music-hall managers have come to
an agreement to fix a maximum sum for
comic-opera stars and. have also agreed
not to endeavor to secure each other's
stars during the run of pieces In which
they are performing. This action is said
to be due to the huge salaries demanded.
BERLIN, Oct. 6.— Public attention has
been occupied to an unusual degree this
week by the Chinese situation. The news
papers indulged in a lengthy discussion
of the view the question seems approach-
Ing a settlement. A feeling of general
satisfaction has been c*aused by • the
French note, the contents of which were
only published here to-day. It receives
courteous treatment.
A Foreign Office official, discussing the
French note with a representative of the
Associated Press to-day, expressed the
view that the prohibition of the Import-*
atlon of arms to China would be Indefi
nitely prolonged and also held that the
military guard to be maintained at Pe
king by the unanimous consent of the
powers should remain for an indefinite
period. He said that since the powers
now held the Taku fortifications the
question of their demolition is not press
ins:, for they can be demolished at any
time. Regarding indemnity, he said there
was no difference of opinion on the ques
tion of principle which will prevail,
though the details will require discussion.
Certain newspapers criticise the omission
of the word "International" In M. Del
casse's proposal of a permanent military
occupation of the district between Peking
and Tientsin, expressing the opinion that
tho omission indicates that Russia will
insist upon sole proprietary rights to the
district, upon the ground that her admin
istration cf the railroads justifies it.
A Foreign Office official expressed the
opinion that this conclusion was far
fetched, adding: "All the powers are
equally interested in maintaining com
munication with Peking."
The new American note, announced via
London, Is discredited here.
While the latest German note has ap
parently not yot been formally answered
by. any one of the powers, the Foreign
Office here has been informed that they
all agree to It.
The press of various shades of opinion
regard the new German note as the rally
ing point of tlie powers in the present
negotiations. It is interesting at a mo
ment when the powers are exercising
comity toward China to note that Profes
sor Jellinek. professor of international
law at Heidelberg 1 , shows in a law Jour
nal that relations, according to interna
tional law, between China and the pow
ers do not exist since China has never
voluntarily recognized the obligations of
International law.
The latter presupposes the equality of
the states, whereas the Chinese theory
,';. ' '• ! .j.
j j '"¦',, i
England Believes That
a Basis .of United
Action by Powers
Is in Sight.
CONFIDENT OF
SETTLEMENT
IN FAR EAST
By Cable.- to Hie ---Call.
FRENCH NOTE
IS WELCOMED
IN GERMANY
Strong Military Guard
May Be Maintained
¦ Indefinitely at
Peking.
LONDON, Oct. 6.— Thanlcs to Germany's
withdrawal of her first note and the sub
stitution for It of a compromise, there Is
a general impression in England that a
basis of united action by the powers Is
now in sight. That such a satisfactory
stage has been reached through Lord
Salisbury followlnp America's lead is ic
nored by the Knslish papers, which have
not yet grasped the fact that the present
German action 1? a direct consequence of
Lord Salisbury's verbal refusal to become ;
a party to the suggestion that the sur
render of the guilty Chinese officials must
be precedent to the peace negotiations.
Great Britain, it Is fairly safe to say. will
now never formally answer Germany's
first note, but ber Informal answer, as
NEWS FROM FOREIGN LANDS
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL; SUNDAY, OCTOBER 7, 1900.
14
PRESIDENT LOUBET OF
FRANCE, WHO HAS BEEN
LEFT A FORTUNE BY A WO
Papeete the Beautiful.
Those who are fond of traveling (and who Is
net) will hall with delight the news of a direct
cteamshlp route to Tahiti. This charming land
has until now been accessible only by slow
¦ailing vessels, but on November 1st the popu
lar cteamshlp Australia will sail direct, mak
ing the .trip tn'lOtt days. A reduced round-'
trip rate has been made for the first trip. Call
at 613 Market street for Balling list. . »
ADVEETIS23IENTS.
For Fail
' \. -\- '•-.¦;-
A Cold taken In the fall of the year is
1 dangerous Cold; it may "hang on" all
winter long. Yet It is an easy Cold. to get
rjd of before the bad weather sets in and
the Cold settles into Grip.
Dr. Humphreys' Famous Specific, "77,"
restores the checked circulation, indicated
by a chill or shiver, the first sign of tak-
ing Cold, starts the blood coursing
through the veins, and "breaks up" the
Cold. • •
"Seventy-seven" consists of a small vial
of pleasant pellets; fits the vest pocket.
At druggists," 25c.
Doctor book mailed free. - • • . .
Humphreys' Homeoaathlc Medicine Co., Cor.
"William and .John aia., Xew.Tork. .
S3 Rue Etiesne-Marcel, 32, raris, . .
I Or. McLaughlin's Electric Belt
i Has Restored Health and Strength to Thousands of Weak Men and Women With Back
> Pains, Rheumatism, Nervous Debllitv. Indigestion Constipation, Liver,
' j ;•' '.; and Bladder Troubles. *
I My Electric Belt has restored health and strength to thousands of weak
\ ¦[;¦'. and debilitated men ami to pain-worn men and women. You also can be
* cured if you will grasp the opportunity I offer. Read what thf> cured say.
I . Electricity as furnished. by my Btlt < urr« by givins back to the weakened
5 *>*&*. ' */T - nerves, muscles and organs the vitality they have lost, reducing lnflamma-
|" t ' on> developing the full vljror of manh-'ttl and removing the effects of ex-
J ff** *"?vj3L -J2. cesses, indiscretions and violations of nature's laws.
i a»r-^ Erst** ~^> — — -^"\ To those who have trusted and been betrayed by the seductive promises of
L j& IM/ m "~ quacks and charlatans: to those who have swallowed pallfula of pills and
f / . .^^saa^ w ittiiitm %|i.||/ jS liquid medicines without result except a damaged stomach and Increased
I • L^ '«»6^^^ 1«w* iflr iS -jar P aln and weakness, and to those wha have worn so-called electric belts which
t T~**.'' \7 r Y L-5S& either burned and blistpred the body or gave no electricity. I offer a positive
| V B?" 'I /"~"' ' % -z*43!3' cure by means of my Electric Belt. It pives a stronger current than any
» 1 *^- r^v " — y <SaiJiSBr other, and is guaranteed not to burn or bll3ter.
i ' 'Msr Prooi of \ lint ft'iv L'clt Vv ill Dt — Vv c: k B??ck nrd Ki 'ncys Cured
h lSMR' CS\ ' .*/' J&sSfc'^'-- Tour Electric *Helt has cured no at tlw ape of 73 r>f weakness In back and klJneys,
i --"• W' \-'i - . ' . " ->ftVijr. r BO that I can now ytcxip or star.d erect, dress ard un>lri»S!< more easily than Tor y^ara;
' . •-^.Wj'^\Vi' 1 I 1 '*/ 4S>— i^-- lt ha » also restored m» to vi*or and soun't health. Very truly yours,
* "-• 4* c - HAMMOND, S3 Merchants' Exchap.se BulMlng-. San Francisco, Cal.
t ' m^^r^^W^' Are Ynu w «ak.' /ct To-Doy! all op Send ior> My Book-Free!
f iSsffi^S^^^^^ Do not delay a matter which Is the k<»y to your future happin*»sa; do
I w ' ¦¦¦ not allow a disease to destroy all possibility of future pleasure for you.
) "Whatever your condition to-day, ycu will not Improve as you grow older.
| . , . Age calls for greater vital force, and the older yea set the more pronounced
% " . and apparent will be your weakness, so cure It now— cure It while you. are
I . young.
k COME AN SEE ME, OR. IP YOU CAN'T CALL. WRITE FOR MY BOOK AND SYMPTOM BLANK, WHICH
. ARE SENT, SEALED, FREE. CONSULTATION FREE. Office hours— 9 a. m. to 8:30 p. m. Sunday, 10 to 1.
»nD M A MpT ATTftHT TN 702 Market St.. Cor. Kearny. San Francisco.
r /JL/Ja>l« JLT1* jHl* lflL'JUJHLIJ VJXlljli^i 9 Ut Ang.les Orr.w. 1=8 Test S««a Strtat.
Gridley, of the Steamship Olympic
Mrs. M. C. Cooper, the prominent
sculptress of Washington, D. C.
Mrs. Robb-Maher, attorney-at-law,
Kansas City, /Cans.
Mrs. Colonel Hamilton, of Colum-
bus, 0.:
Mrs. Theophi/e Schmitt, wife ofiho
ex-Secretary of tho German Con-
sulate of Chicago, III.
Also Miss Julia Marlowe, Mrs. Mc-
Kee Rankin and Mrs. Leslie Carter.
"Health and Beauty." a book written
especially for women by Dr. S. B. Hart-
man, ¦will bo sent free to any woman
upon request. Address The Peruna Med-
icine Co., Columbus. Ohio. •• ,
gans are exceedingly sensitive and are
constantly liable' to catarrhal disturb-
ances.
From early pirlhood to old age few
women are entirely . free from some de-'.
gree of catarrh of these organs.
This results in many ailments to which
the man is not liable.
Peruna is the only remedy so far de-
vised by the medical profession, to cor-
rect this tendency.
No woman should be -without Peruna.
With Peruna the thousand and one ail-
ments dependent upon catarrh of the pel-
vic organs can be wholly averted.
For all of that class of disorders known
as female diseases Peruna Is without a
rival, because It strikes at the source of
these diseases.
Peruna produces clean, healthy mucous
membranes, without which no woman can
be strong or beautiful.
The day has been when women, espe-
cially married women, expected to be hag-
gard and sickly— that day has passed.
No up-to-date woman can afford to de-
Erive herself of a remedy so Important to
er health and happiness.
Peruna Is an ideal safeguard for tho
woman In all phases and periods of her
life.
Prominent American Women Who
Recommend Peruna.
Belva A. Lockwood, Washington,
D. C.
Mrs. Senator F. E. Warren, Wash-
ington, D. C.-
Mrs. Verona ' E. Roach, wife of
Senator Roach of Larimore, III. Dak.
Mrs. General James Longsfreet, of
Washington, D. C.
Miss Nellie Manna, niece of Senator
Marcus A. Hahna of Washington, D.C.
Mrs. Grid ley f mother of Captain
Peruna Is Obtained,
and the Result is
Another Glorious
Triumph Added to
the Archives of
Medical Science.
Miss Mattie B. Curtis, Secretary Legion
of Loyal Women. "also treasurer of the
Craddook Club, writes in a recent letter
to Dr. Hartman. from Hotel Salem, Bos-
ton, Mass., the following:
"/ suffered for over a year with
general weakness and debility mani-
fested especially in severe backache
and headache.
"My physician prescribed different
medicines, none of vjhich ssemsd to
help me any, until a club associate
advised ma to try Rerbna, as it cured
her of constitutional headache and
stomach troubles.
"I at once ordered a bottle and
before it was used felt greatly im-
proved.
"I hava taken four bottles and, for
two months hava been entirely free
from these maladies.
"Several of my friends are using
Peruna with beneficial results, es-
pe'cially in cases of trouble with the
kidneys and other pelvic organs, to-
gether with weakness peculiar to
women."
• . / MATTIE CUJZTIS, B.i«on, Ma<s.
The first twelve years of a woman's life
sho Is not so subject to disease and bodily
derangements as a man.
But from the age of puberty (-which
usually occurs when she Is about fourteen
years of age) until after she has. passed
the change of life (when she Is, as a rule,
forty-eiffht years old) the woman is much
more subject to functional disorders than
the man.
The peculiar derangements to which a
woman is liable between these two criti-
cal jx*riods of her life all have one cause,
npmely. disturbances of the organs pe-
culiar to her sex.
The mucous membranes lining these or-
A Bright, Young,
Happy Girl Sud-
denly Begins to
Languish with Phy-
sical Disease.
Doctors Are Hurried-
ly Consulted. !
They Examine. Con-
sult and Shake
Their Heads in
Grave Doubt.
The Girl Grows Stead-
ily Worse. All Hope
Seems Futile. .
At Last a Girl Friend
Calls Who Recom-
mends Pepuna.
A SHORT TALE FROM REAL LIFE.
AFTER ALL ELSE FAILS PERUNA SAVES.
US. irrT.-MTrR.>R SWAZ£P BOOT.
BO YOU GET UP
WITH A LAME BACK?
Kidney Tnrable Slakes Too Miserable.
Almost everybody who reads the news-
papers is sure to know cf the wonderful
n t? £>. cures mads by Dr.
' — ~Z^L~fV l Kibier's Swamp-Root.
t X*p!l*^* j the great kidney, liver
\v t^ctj) U*. an - biadder remedy.
Tt firSV/ £ It is the great medi-
«. Lyv. ¦ | JjjjSdJ triumph of thenlne-
>Vj_l ("i, 1 * teer.th century; cis-
\f || I covered alter years of
r ifj} 1 •*\J-si sc5entific research by
in fr- HJip^Ei Dr. Ki!m=r, the err.i-
{|_ jy^w." . " n * nt kidney and biad-
¦ ¦" '""^ der specialist, and is
wonderfully successful in promptly curing
lame back, kidney, bladder, uric acid trou-
ties tr.d Blight's Disease, which is the worst
fcrm cf kidney trouble.
Dr. Kilmer s Swamp-Root is not rec-
ommended f :r everything but if you have kid-
ney, liver or bladder trouble It wiil be found
just the remedy you need. Jt has been tested
In so many ways, in hospital work, in private
practice, amcr.g the heiplesstoo poor to pur-
chase relief and has proved s>o successful In
every cas- that a special arrangement has
been made by which all readers of this paper
who have not already tried it, may have a
sarr.ple bcttle sent free by rr.ail, also a book
telling mere about Swamp-Roct and how to
find out if you have kidney c r bladder trouble.
When writing mention reading this generous
effer in this paper and f^H*'—
send your address to gSTS^ftsStii^h
Dr. Kilmer Sc Co.,Bing- Sl^^^l^lH-^isil
har;ton, N. Y. The "^SJJii^giEi?
regular fifty cent and noiw cf stramp-UooL
dollar sizes are sold by ali food druggists.
AMERICAN STOVE CO.,
1037 Market Street.
Steel Ranges from S28 00 up
No. 7 Ranges from $12 00 up
Atr-TI&ht Heaters from $3 00 up
Coal Heaters from S3. 50 up
Largest Assortment of
STOVES
On the Coast.
CHEAPEST PLACE FOR
Stoves and^ttchen Goads!
OIL and GAS STOVES
A SPECIALTri
AMERICATSfOVE CO.,
1037 Market St , S. F.
S| A Weii- |
I Dressed I
I spires the respect!
fe an.1 coniidenc e ot £
; thore he meets, fe
| 1 make dressy j
less ;han other g
¦ taiU-rs charge. g
\ Joe Poheim \
Tkc Xt'Atr i
1110-^12 Market St. ;
201-203 Mont»/y St. 8
TO THE PUBLIC!
PHCOLE. JUNE 3. 1899.— I TAKE THIS
means of expressing my thank- to L>r. Wong
Him. 115-117 Mason ft..
/JbiL&tt f>- F., f-r having cure.!
44tr"* *w me '' kidney, womb
*5±£ tr^uVj]^ and ranccr ot
VGCct^ I ctomach. I m a great
I'l •• g fufferer for 15 years, and
*S"'H5£ / round no permanent re-
/«/£*/ »ef until I tried Dr.
-fWgki-A^ Vtcr.g Him. and !n nix
J&k?~ nm J^Vv niontha' tlm» he has
fjK*v>» ar _-<O > Y>>^^ rurwf it.*. Any person
WW©W *»-t«*Ing me to certify
"S«£&*lC!a..W* this can find m*
MUS. GEORGE BETZ.
Plaole, Contra Costa County. Cal.
8A»f FRANCISCO <Cal). Oct. 18. 1SSS.— To
TKTjom It Mar Concern: Tliie ia to certify that
Dr. Wonj Kin of 115-117 Mas>nn street. San
Francisco, has cured m« entirely of Bright'*
tf'.eeeFe cf the kidneys and consumption of the
bowela of lens standing;, and I am only too
bappy to make this statement for the benefit of
all troubled In any way by diseases. You will
llad the doctor a gentleman in every way. Very
respectfully. MISS M. J. SHIXE.
£61 Fultcn etrpet. Pan Franciico.
B. F.. Dec. 4. 189S.— Dr. Wonj Him. 113-117
Slaeon St.. S. F.. Cal. — Dear Sir: For the bene-
fit of others I wish to make a statement of my
case, which vrst heart trouble. After treating
with »lx «min'jit physicians, my case was pro-
nounced Incurable. Hearing of Dr. Worn? Him
and his wonderful cure*. I decided to try his
fcerb treatment. He did all he claimed and
stfter treating e!x months I am now well and
itror.ir. Tours respectfully.
MR3. BARLOW. 1C27 Mission St.. 8.' F.
$visi? OR- JORDAN'S great/)
{MUSEUM OF AHATQtm
\ Cf The Lar^r« t Anatomical Museum In tfce \
M World. U e.ir.ff ! •» or any ocuicted M
»C™ dittaif pc»Htwc!ycurodrytheolceil V
% JP ii\ !>peuiiutcj.tLi.Cc»U. EiLj67*u». y
£ fifScfC OR. COHDWt-PHY&TE DISEASES «j
i »®$T55 Ccy«ulljri>n frcr? snll strictly p'ir»f«; \
0 I Xff?l(!l T'" :mrilt P"ionr.!iy ft by le"ier. AS
\ K if ¦% *f rit * C^ r * >unrcr 7C*te undertaken, \
AmB ilO> WrnMor Book. PBILOkOrKVrti
W • JJ 11 * sctBRiilCE, h»i:.io ure. iat
A Q y. valuable book for tarn/ \
9 OB. J«KI>,1.\ «£ CO.. 105' Market St.. H. F. V
**!& J 9P ! 5&'**^^5>i? J, e . ned '» fcT <»oiicrrh«-a.
,^J-MrcOHEb^Qj plect, Spermatorrbv*,
«jQfiai tc6a»Ti.^l| «h!t»», unnatural li*
ffjma Gckraewwi \£ rbartn. or any ijiCs-nta.
F«*>a dt« to »ai«icr«. lion, .irritation or aicera.
rS-— -« Pr»»cau ooauslac tion ot uocou: o:ecv
jST*j[l Mints Cuivr.n Cq. tr«nf«. Koa-astrinccnt.
.yuHSK D."-*. 35a ? r ient <n P 1 *^ wr»rr«.
1'? expr»«B. prepaid, tot
Ii-O°. <r > bottled, «.7i
>f5^DEWEY,STR0NG &C0.^?«^
Cl Z$
V^Kyt' markftTtT. s f
. -
Hitchcock School,
6 AN RAFAEL. CAL..
FOR YOUNG MEN AND BOYS.
Cepcraxa Rooms. Uymcasluis. Military Unii.
Bto.
CER1ETMAP TERM HEfllXS ACGnST 14TB.
_._ REV. C. HITCHCOCK. Prladpat
I — ; i pPp^Sh) 1'hnow Peruna~Vvfll vm
Wfss rial tie Gurlis . l^k^_ /jllLJi
ADVEBTISEVENTS.Is, ¦will be more than overcome by the
Republican pain among .farmers. They
have been prosperous under McKlnlev's
administration and many of them will
vote for him In the belief that a change
of administration will bring about a
change of tbe present prosperous condi
tions. While a bljr wheat crop contributes
to prosperity In Kansas, there are ether
elements entering into our prosperous
country which have been created largely
by the national administration."
with the. new commission sent out by
President McKlnley. Evidently the case
is one of great importance.
The most difficult question which fac*3
the United States In the Philippines is
the question of church property. The
trouble will arise not so much from
church property universally acknowl
edged as such, but from property whlca
may under some title be claimed by the
state. Of this latter class are hospitals
and schools, and it would appear that the
college of San Jose, founded 400 years ago
by Don Estaban Rodriguez de Figuerao,
will attain the same celebrity as the col
lege founded In New Hampshire a cen
tury and a half later by the Rev. Eleazar
Wheelock.
Don Estaban Rodriguez de Figuerao
¦was of the breed of the great captain-?
who were the successful agents of Span
ish Imperialism. Of Portuguese blcod, he
was born in Africa, but became a Span-
In 1767 the Jesuits were expelled from
Spanish territory. Their property was
seized by the crown, but as they had only
tho administration of the College of San
Jose this passed into the hands of the
Archbishop as trustee for the church.
Here, however the Spanish Government
intervened, and, claiming the right of
patronage, substituted itself for the So
ciety of Jesus and committed the admin
istration of the college to a member of
the Metropolitan Chapter. About twenty
five^ years ago another arrangement was
made by which the University of St.
Thomas undertook the management of
the college, which arrangement was In
force at the time of the American occu
pation. In August of last year Major
General Otis by personal letter, without
hearing the representations of the college
faculty, closed the course of studies —
medical and pharmaceutical— and under
took to confiscate the college and turn it
over to a private society known. as the
Philippine Medical Association. Against
this action Archbishop Nozaleda protested
before the lately appointed United States
Civil Commission, and his protest Is
backed by an exhaustive statement from
Archbishop Chapelle, the Papal delegate.
The whole question turns on the nature
of the right the Spanish Government had
in the college. The United States suc
ceeds Spain in the Islands, but It succeeds
with a difference. In Spanish times there
was a union of church and state; under
American rule such a union is unlawful.
The United States succeeds Spain only In
Spain's civil rights; it does not succeed
Spain in Spain's ecclesiastical rights. The
question, therefore, to be solved is this:
Are Spain's rights in the College of San
Jose — and incidentally In other property
of the same nature— rights which spring
from the nature of the civil power or do
they arise from agreements and conces
sions made by the ecclesiastical author
ities? The contention of the Filipino Med
ical Association is that the Royal College
About 1640 a dispute arose between the
Jesuits and Dominicans as to precedence.
The University of St. Thomas was a
Dominican institution, San Jose was con
fided to the Jesuits. Fanta. Tomas was
a university, and, therefore, held itself
superior to San Jose, which was only a
college, but San Jose was the older foun
dation anS relied on the dignity of age.
The Jesuits solved the difficulty by ap
pealing to the Spanish throne and obtain
ing permission to call their institution the
Royal College of San 'Jose. It is on this
title that much of the present controversy
hinges.
The college continued to flourish until
the middle of the. seventeenth century,
when a series of destructive earthquakes
almost destroyed Manila. St. Joseph's
suffered much because its endowment was
chiefly in house property, and it received
from time to time, with all other institu
tions, alms from the royal treasury. But
private beneficence was not wanting. The
Bishop of Carmines, an alumnus of the
college, by will dated in 1666, left a valu
able estate to the corporation, which gift
was supplemented in 1711 by another from
the Dr. Don Domingo de Valencia. ¦
ish citizen and came to Mexico in the ser
vice of the King of Spain. From Mexico
he went to Manila with Legaspi, the con
queror of the islands, and afterward un
dertook the subjugation of Mindanao, ad
vancing the cost of the expedition from
his own estate. Toward the end of the
century the missionary activity of the
Jesuits was at Its height. They had
opened a college and church In Manila In
15?5. and Figuerao was their devoted
friend. It Is not surprising, therefore,
that, while his •will provides for the
foundation of the college of San Jose as
an independent institution, one of the
clauses of the document directs "the
Father Provincial that now is or his suc
cessor in the company of Jesus (Jesuits)
to furnish the pupils with sufficient mas
ters," and, moreover, provides that "the
said Father Provincial shall be the pa
tron and administrator of said college,
and that no one can enter therein without
his permission or authority." The college
of San Jose thus began its existence as a
charity or trust administered by the
Jesuits.
THEIR GRACES OF NEW ORLEANS AND MANILA. WHO PREPARED
THE BRIEFS OF THEIR CHURCH IN THE CASE OF THE ROYAL.
COLLEGE OF SAN JOSE.
Pope Julius II, In 150S. granted a still
larger privilege to. the King of Spain
namely, the right of universal patronage
That is to say, in consideration of the ef
forts made to spread the Christian faith
and to safeguard the temporal interests
of the monarch, the King of Spain was
allowed to name all the bishops and
other ecclesiastical officials supported by
the church endowment. The language of
the concession Is sweeping: "We grant
the privilege that no churches be erected
without the consent of the King of Spain
in such islands and continents now ac
quired or that may be hereafter acquired
and we grant to the said King the right
of patronage and presentation for all
churches, cathedrals, monasteries, digni
ties, colleges and other ecclesiastical
benefices and pious places."
The right then to Interfere in church
matters granted by the Popes to the King
of Spain was conditioned on the royal
support and endowment of the churches
Hence when the United States succeeded
the Spanish crown and declared that It
would no longer observe the burden of
the contract It of course lost the favoi
of the; contract. Tho right Of patronage
no loneer belongs to tho actual govern- j
As a historic.il fact the union of church
and state in Spain was based on conces
sions made by the church to the state
and on concessions made by the state to
the church. The famous bull of Alexander
VI.' Riving the newly discovered lands to
the King of Castile, was issued on the
condition "that you endeavor to send to
said islands and continents good. God
fearing, learned, wise and expert men to
instruct' the said natives and inhabitants
in the Catholic faith, and to teach them
good morals with all diligence that may
be proper." The same Alexander also
granted the Spanish crown the right to
appropriate the church offerings or taxes
known as the tithes and first fruits In
their new .possessions, comprehended un
der the common title of the Indies. Again
this concession was accompanied by the
condition that the state should "make a
sufficient endowment for the churches in
the said Indies, with which their prelates
and rectors may be able to sustain them
selves, pay the charges that may be
from time to time Incurred by said
churches, etc." The object of this ar
rangement was no doubt to' secure
the erection of churches with
greater rapidity in the new ter
ritories. It will be noticed, how
ever, that the church gave value to the
state for the money received. The tithe a
purely ecclesiastical tax, and the first
fruits, a kind of . succession duty on
church positions, payable to the "Holy
See, yielded no small revenue.
Of course the fact that a nation enters
into such an agreement with the church
implies that such nation considers the
church a society capable of making such
a treaty. Other peoples may think other
wise, but the contracting nation admits
the sovereign independence of the church
when it makes a concordat, and when by
the terms of such a concordat certain
privileges in matters of religion are grant
ed the state the state confesses that It
does not hold such privileges of its native
and natural right, but of the grace and
grant olVthe church In whose jurisdiction
they naturally originate.
To understand the argument of the
Archbishops It Is necessary to explain the
nature of the union of church and state
as it existed in Spain. In the canon law
of the Catholic church the fundamental
idea is that the church is a supreme and
independent society in spiritual affairs,
while the state is a supreme and inde
pendent society !n temporal affairs. Hence
the church is a sovereign power as the
state is a sovereign power. The church is
not a department of the civil government,
but it deals with the civil government on
precisely the same lines as one civil gov
ernment would deal with another. The
church enters into treaties with the state
as Germany would enter into treaties with
France or England. The Catholic church
has within the present century concluded
about thirty of such treaties or con
cordats with different nations in different
parts of the world.
The main reliance of the Filipino Medi
cal Association appears to be placed in the
fact of the royal patronage. While Fig
uerao in his will makes the Jesuits the
patrons and forbids any authority ecclesi
astical or civil to Interfere with them in
their administration, yet when the Jesuits
were suppressed this condition became In
capable of fulfillment. Now, according
to ordinary church law, the Bishop of the
place is entitled to enter upon lapsed
trusts of this nature and to make such
commutations as may best carry out the
wishes of the founder in the altered cir
cumstances. This the Archbishop of Ma
nila did in 176S. He converted the college
into an ecclesiastical seminary: but the
Spanish tbrone of 1771 annulled his action,
restored the college to the lay students
and claimed the right to succeed the
Jesuits as patrons. The decree was car
ried out. The Filipino Medical Associa
tion claims that this action demonstrates
that the college was considered a purely
civil institution and therefore now under
the control of the American authorities.
of San Jose was a civil institution 'Ike
the State college at Berkeley. The con
tention of the Archbishops is that it was
a "pious work," or private corporation,
-placed in the hands of the church for
administration.
•WASHINGTON. Oct. €.— Major F. M. F.
Kerdrick. Seventh Infantry has b«en
piacrd on the retired list or. his own ap
plication after ever thirty years' service.
After Thirty Years' 1 Service.
DON ESTABAN RODRIGUEZ DE
FIGUERAO, Governor and Cap
tain General of Mindanao, was &
lover of- his people. Before the
English had yet secured a perma
nent settlement in North America, nearly
half a century before Harvard College
was founded, this brave pioneer had real
ized the necessity of education for. the
sons of the men who were buildlnr up the
Spanish empire In the Philippines. By his
will, dated March 16, 15SS, h© provided for
the foundation of a college in the city of
Manila, "where various well-born young
Spaniards may be brought up In virtue
and learning." Around this college is rag-
Ing to-day a controversy of which no
word has yet reached the people of tho
United States. Archbishop Chapelle of
New Orleans, the apostolic delegate or
representative of the Pope in the Philip
pines, and Archbishop Nozaleda of Ma
nila have both filed lengthy documents
SAY KANSAS
IS SURE TO GO
REPUBLICAN
Committeeman Albaugh and
Governor Stanley Predict
Big Majorities.
Stats Has Seen Four Tears of Pros
perity and Its Citizens Are "Will
ing to Cast Ballots for
Four More.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
TOPEKA, Kao3.. Oct. 6. — Morton Al
baugh, chairman of the Republican State
Committee, said to-day:
"The Republicans will carry Kansas by
not less than 25.100 majority. Kansas has
always been a Republican State except on
the free sliver question, and that Is no
longer an Issue. Seventy-five million
bushels of wheat sold at a fair price, more
hogr. and cattle than ever produced before
bringing rich returns. Increase In the
trade for all business men. Increased out
put from mines and workshops, all lead
ing to a greater demand for labor, general
prosperity prevailing throughout the
State and an almost universal approval of
President McKinley's course in the Philip
pine war and in the Orient, make Kansas
saf<-Jy Republican this year."
Governor Stanley said: "I feel confident
that the Republicans will carry Kansas
this year by an increased majority. There
is a. defection from the Republican party
among tho German voters, although how
serious this defection -will be cannot be
ascertained. This defection, whatever It
ment of the Philippines and because tb.9
Kingu of Spain acted by virtue of this
patronage in certain cases it does not fal
low that the United States can take their
action as a precedent. ; V
The question then concerning the case
at issue resolves Itself into this: Did the
Spanish crown claim the right to admin
ister the College of San Jose in vlrtuo
of the civil law or in virtue of the canon
law. The Archbishops claim that the
right arose from the canon law, primarily
from the concession of Julius II, and as
against the ordinary of the place " by a
decree of Trent, which exempts lapsed
trusts under royal patronage from the
management of the local bishops.
This is hov«- the case stands now. Arch
bf.«hcp Chapelle traces the resemblance
of the case to that of Dartmouth College
and holds that the le^al principles ap
plied there should hold also in Manila.
Perhaps one of the most significant para
graphs in the delegate's ;>Iea is where he
alludes to the danger that religious rancor
may be added to the race hatred that
now obstructs American sovereignty in
the islands. He says of the Philippines:
"This is a Catholic country. The people
are deeply attached to their religion. Any
outrage perpetrated on their religious
feelings cr a hostile attitude toward the
church of the people would work incalcu
lable mischief. The American Govern
ment will. I am sure, not make the mis
take of England toward Ireland cr of
Russia toward the Poles; it will rather
follow the example of the former in her
colonial policy and of the latter toward
her Mohammedan subjects."
This Is the key of the situation. The
Catholic church will help you to establish
cleiinitely lav.- and order and to advance
the interests of the United States and of
the Filipino people with all her might.
Her moral influence is greater than any
other like force that exists in these
Islands. Should you, for .Instance, take
away the college of San Jose from the ad
ministration of the church on some legal
technicality, if any existed, and I do not
think any can be found, it would be the
initiation of a disastrous policy. The
pleasing of a few men who have sys
tematically deceived the American author
ities, the satisfaction that would accrue
to fanatics by making "Rome howl," as
I the saylngr is, the insult to the church of
I this country, the management of a few
thousand dollars" income — these things
( will not justify the United States In de
! spoiling the church of properties and
: franchises which she has lawfully en
! joyed for years.
tt will be seer, therefore, that this case
13 one of no ordinary interest.
The question of title to church property in the Philippines— of which there is a vast amount— is
one of the most complex confronting the commission of which Judge Taft is president. It has been for
mally raised by the protest of the Archbishop of Manila against the recent taking over by Major General Otis
of the Royal College of San Jose in Manila. The Archbishop's plea for the college is backed up by the
argument of Monsignor Chapelle, papal delegate to the Philippines. As thi3 argument must be taken
as the stand of the church on this important question it has been secured by The Call and, stripped of its
official verbiage, is presented to its readers. A history of the case introduces the 'argument.
» i ¦
/ ¦
Arehbishop Chapelle Presents Argument on Eeelesi
astieal Title to the Philippine Commission.
PAPAL DELEGATE STATES
THE CHURCH'S POSITION
ATTSTLV. Tex.. Oct. 6.— A dispatch from
Tarcpico. Mexico, says: The Panuco and
Tanesi r.vcrs. which empty Into the gulf
at this place, are on cr.e "cf the bisr&est
rises In their history and great damage
has been wrought by the Hoods In the
populated and cultivated valleys above
here. At one point near Chila station, on
the line of the Mexican Central Railroad.
the Ta-neal River is over crty miles wide
and has swept to destruction hundreds of
bouses occupied by Mexican farmer* and
laborers. Many cases of drowning are re
portevu All the tributaries of these rivers
in tb« southern and eastern parts of tho
ctate of San Luis Potosi are out of their
banks and have trashed away whole vil
lages acd ruined thousands of acres of
growing crope.
GAJLVESTOX. Oct. 6.— Mayor "W. C.
Jones recuests the Associated Press to
trar.Finit the following::
"The R-.3 Cress a^est at Nerc York tele
rrsiphs that reports have obtained pub
licity that Clara Barton has been in
>> tehlnffton two Wf-«»ks and Is there now,
and that all r.eed of relief work here is
past. That is ?iot true: lliss Barton has
Deen here constantly since her arrival a
¦week aTier the storm. There is an im
mense araount of work still to be done.
Corpses are still being found on an aver
age of twenty a day. and Miss Barton
remain here as Ions as the Red Cross
can be of benefit to the stricken people.
GaJveston is not exploiting her sorrows or
Bu2erings, bat thousands are living In
tests and h-jn-ireds are crippled. All the
able bodied are working and the whole
people making the bravest kind of an ef
xort to overc^rrt" their misfortunes."
There and Kakes Further
Appsal for Aid.
P^ecisi Dlsralch to The C*iL
Hundreds of Houses Swept
Away and Many Drown
ings Reported.
¦ ? — i
2£ayor Jonts of Galveston Denies
That Clara Barton Has Left
MEXICAN FARMS
DEVASTATED BY
RISING RIVERS
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, OCTOBER 7, 1900.
Will Establish Headquarters and Or
ders Will 3e Appointed Among
the Factories.
MARIOX. Ind.. Oct. 6.— The Indepen
dent "Window Glass manufacturers of th»
country are now at Pittsburgh perfects?
the organization of the Independent "Win
dow Glass Company, which wlU act as
selling agent for their factories. Its plan
will be siralliar to those followed by the
old American Glass Company. It Is esti
mated that the independent men will be
able to start with a combined daily out
put of 13.000 boxes of glass. This, with th<>
output of the co-operative plants will be
sufficient to supply the demand In th!*
country. If the plans of the independents
carry out well they claim It will be a
stunning blow at the trust.
The Independent company will be capi
talized at $25,000. or $25 for eaca pot rep
resented. The headquarters will probably
be In some Ohio city, where the companv
wlll be Incorporated. The agent who will
be appointed will apportion the orders he
receives among the factories.
INDEPENDENT GLASS
MAKEBS ORGAJnZCJG
DALLAS. Texas. Oct. 6.— The State Pro
hibition ticket was completed here by fill-
Ing the vacancies as totlows: Governor
H. G. Damon: Lieutenant Governor. J B.
Adams: Electors at large. E. C. Heath.
D. H. Hancock.
Texas Prohibition Ticket.
CANTON', Oct. 6.— Part of the «ay at
the AIcKlnley house was occupied In
preparations for the return to "Washing
ton on Monday. The President's uncle.
B. F. McKlnley. and his daughter, of San
Francisco, called at the Mcklnley home
during the afternoon and spent some time
with the President and Mrs. McKlnley.
At the McKinlay Home.
15
DIRECTORY
OF RESPONSIBLE HOUSES.
Catalogues and Price Lists Mailed
on Application.
ATTORNEY.
,T. H. MERZBACH, lawyer. S3 CaL. CSusle M.
COAL. COKE AM) PIO IRON.
Jr JVII f- Cn VH Ba«#ry Street.
-V- nlL^Uit U WJ-- Telephone Mala ISM.
COPPERSMITH.
CW CHIT*? Sfcl ? PhJtnhlnic. Steamboat and
TT- O.iil In- Ebip Work a specialty, lfi and
JS "W»ffhirrtoa *t. Telephone Main SC4X.
ELECTpICAL.
u. r>. wass.
IHectrlca] Engineer. Sf East it.
FRESH AND SALT MEATS.
JA> DU I LQ tt C J- day. TeL Main ISH.
GALVANIZING AND METALS.
aTfr. 8c thaler In M»ta> & OaJvanlrlngr. JOIIN
Fi::N METAL WORKS. l\l Howard tt.
iMETAL.
Ertr* Ilnotrr* «?><S rterrotype metaL Pacifle
Meta.1 Works. 1Z7-9 Klnt «t.. San Francltoo.
OILS.
rVBRICATTN-G OILS. LEONARD * EIXIS.
<1I front at.. S. F. Phone Maia 171». .¦¦¦_
PAINTS.
Cylinder & Lubricating Olli. Schneider's Ml^lns
Cin^!w. C O. CLINCH & CO.. S Front. S. F.
PRINTING.
EC Hi'fiHFC PRINTER,
PRINTERS. BOOK BINDERS.
THE IUCKS-JVDD CO..
a Flrtt «t.. Saa Fraarlgco.
STATIONER AND PRINTER.
T*l*rr»phlc PADTDinfiP ** California
Cofie«. rAnlJlIyUIi street.
Vail£ ASH STEAM COAL. S^^g
DIAMOND COAL MINING CO.. a'. Jte GREEN
RIVER COLLIERIES, ta the Be»t Coal In tae
ciaritet. O:flc* and Tarc»— CO Main etreet.
PDTTCIJI?C FO R BARBERS. BAK-
CJllU UiluO *?*• bootblacks, bath- j
bouses, billiard tablet :
brewera. bookbinders, candy-makers, cannery, \
£yers, nsurmUla, foundries, laundries, paper-
hansers. printers, painter*, eaoe factories, tta-
fclemen. tar-rocfexa. tanners, tallora, etc
EUC.ANA.N BROS..
Brush Manufacturers, 609 Sacramento St.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
TOD TALL CORN
§rn oc . saIt come by accident A
\ r#y fertile soil and careful cultiva.
'MF tion are necessary to produce
Y the towering stems ana heavy
TOf & Yet the farmer who nnder-
W\*m]^\ stands that he can't have a
\ cJ.?J healthy corn J crop without
Ks. ijW feeding aod weeding, seems
rOvij/ to think that he can have a
|f healthy body without either
I yy$r$ csrc °r culture. But the body
g0tfff built up just as the corn is,
KjXvT by the assimilation of the
arvfoj several chemical elements on
a 1-1 /£ w *"c.n vitality depends. And
jjj )3^& what weeds are to the corn.
ii wlr di *eases of the stomach and
\J jftff nutritive systems are to the
mfo. body ; they divert the neces-
RsjJ^Mj sarr food supply from the
t^fl&lY P ro J >er channels, and the
Uffl I body becomes lean, sickly
/d'jirl \t a °d ill-nourished.
Mfia t Tbe proper, digestion and
/^fj\ Em assimilation of food is a pri-
fttt&a mar - v essential of health. By
If tfiSS heaha * diseases of the stom-
V i I vfi ac^^ n d organs of digestion and
£^Jf 3L au trui°a, Dr. Pieree's Golden
/¦&&/& Me<ii cal Discovery increases
Lr"c£* the digestive and assimilative
J5x2rff\ powers, stimulates the action
g*fif&i'?i °i tke blood making glands,
y3f*£&2£»3 and sends to every orpan of the
BrJ&2«5f body the rich red-corpuscled
m€t*i&Kr klood on which physical vigor
M^Efig*E and vitality depend.
UvB&ra *J l tooV two brttlM of Doctor
l'^S'3?" "-rce's Goidrn Medical Discov-
t/Vifsf**^ cry, for stomach trouble," writes
t*Jtm£& Clarence Carnes, Esq.. of Taylors-
1**a£&$ towa> Loudoua Co., Va. "It did
rV-UiSa m i *° mach S°od that I didn't
r ¥$£*> takc^ aa y more. I can eat most
I l&S'ft "nythiaj: now. I am so well
l~v §0*5? P'" 1 ** 1 '"^ it I hardly know how
K\ PE&/ t0 l ?* n kyou for your" kind icfor-
P^lil/ 1 mation. I tri-d a whole lot of
I >«St^ i?J a? * before I wrote to you.
I -aSSaY Th€rc ¦"*» * gentleman told me
I f P?* *tout your medicine, how it had
I ii W% f Urtd v wLe - l tbowKht I would
' / ¥'¦** \ I , did - toT x don't know what
Lift KS / would have done if it had not
//. KF < ; n r fo! ' Dr. Pierce'* Golden Mcd-
*fr*oHSi l U'scovery.''
ty^y&L Dr - p ieree's Pleasant Pellets
gf^WgnE? regulate the bowels and cure
m^rStj constipation.
IQMAD THE
Iu/Ifiii t ii\, GYPSY.
Her Screrna'nrii Hw.rs Attracting
Ceasra! -ticaJoa.
ALL CLASSES CONSULT HER.
There is a certain little woman In San
Frar.oii'-^o who Las occasioned a world of
coxnsient since her arrival here. Calmly
ar.d la a bus'.r.^ssiike manner she has con-
FouBfieti th» critics end sat;^t1-?d the skep-
tics and has endfared herself to the
hearts cf al! who know fcer by simply
BEING vfcat the represents herself to d«.
There is r.c •'ifs -i or "outs" nbout it. IS-
MAH, the eelobrar*-.! Bgjruliam; can read
The future and give you advice of the ut-
tocst value.
Twrriar'a expressive black eyes see far
deeper than the common slsrht: her whole
being, to her delicate. taj>er finger tips. Is
atlnffle with that hidden force— that sub-
lime jKiwer. that makes her a marvel
Bznozig mortals— a woman most wonder-
fully endowed. Israar is highly educated;
converses in b!x <Ii!Terent languages. Her
patrons ir.clu'ie the crowned heads of al-
most every country In the Old World, as
well as sorre of the mest prominent men
Mni •women of this country, and her cre-
dentials corse unsolicited. I^adles need
not hee!t-a.te In corisultinp Ismar, as all
her interviews are strictly private and
eacredly confdontial; neither are there
jmy false hopes h^ld out to allure the con-
Sdiiig and unsophisticated. Ismar can be
consulted daily from 13 a. m. to 5 p. m.,
Sundays by appointment only, at her
odce. 1148 Market, opposite Sixth street,
two doors east of Weinstock & Lubln's.
If Any One Else
Said It but Us.
Overcoat tailored with
rar6 exce^ ence as io e ~
ia^ an^ n& P°^ s i ?l
'¦¦¦ ¦¦-¦'¦ Wm pi Pearl Grey
VvS ImIS e iree new an d swell
/•/ /vrVfH^Si©!/^ \ \\ our strength as King
if I |^^^->^/_^ _^ ji^^^^i^T \~^~\^\ \\ here's where we captureClergyman Named for Assembly.
SANTA CRUZ, Oct. 6.— The Santa Cruz
Prohibition Convention nominated Rev
E. L. Rich for the Assembly.
TACOMA'S GAIN IS
COMPARATIVELY SMALL
Growth in Population for Past Ten
Years Less Than Five
Per Cent.
WASHINGTON, Oct. 6.— The population
of the city of Tacoma, Wash., officially
announced. .Is: 1900, 37.714; 1890,. 36,001.
These figures show : for the city as a
¦whole an Increase in population of 1708, or
4.S4 per cent, from 1890 to 1900. The pop
ulation in 1880 was 1093, showing an in
crease of 34,908, or 3179.23 per cent from 1SS0
to" 1890.
The population by, wards in 1900 Is as
follows: First 4056, Second 84S8, Third 10,900,
Fourth 4586. Fifth 5019, Sixth 1604, Seventh
2413, Eighth 898.
Fpeclal Dispatch to The CalL
UKIAH, Oct. 6.— The meeting of the
board of managers held this afternoon at
the Mcndoclno County State Hospital for
the Insane for the alleged purpose of
making an investigation Into charges pre
ferred by Attorney T. L. Carothers of this
Three Trustees of Ukiah
Asylum Ready With
Whitewash.
WOULD QUASH
THE CHARGES
AGAINST KING
DULUTH, Minn., Oct. 6.— One of the
fiercest tornadoes that ever visited North
ern Minnesota and parts of Wisconsin
struck the edge of the Mesaba range
town of Biwabik, at 4:10 this afternoon,
killing two peVsons, injuring eight and
doing damage variously estimated at
from $300,000 and $500,000. The dead:
JOHN MORIETY, crushed by falling
walls.
MRS. JOHN MORIETT, blown against
tree; head crushed.
The Injured are workmen about the iron
mines, and none is fatally hurt.
The principal damage consists of the
destruction of shaft houses, dwellings
and business houses. The Austrian set
tlement of Biwabik suffered severely.
Twenty houses were blown down in the
district.
Tornado conditions prevailed to-day ali
over Northeast Minnesota. Violent thun
derstorms wero almost continuous. A
great amount of rain has fallen.
The tornado at Biwabik was followed by
a tremendous downpour. The iron mines
which had been flooded by recent rains
and which were getting in shape to oper
ate are flooded again in many cases.
Wlien the damage to the iron mines as
a result of shutting them down is con
sidered the loss from to-day's storm will
be much greater than the estimates given.
The funnel-shaped cloud passed over
Biwabik with a power that was irresisti
ble. 1 It tipped locomotives over, blew
cars off the track and carried them from
100 to 300 feet. Houses In the path of the
tornado were blown to atoms and the fur
niture scattered for miles. The Duluth
Mining Company's shafthouses and other
buildings were blown down. The Drake-
Stratton Company sustained considerable
loss to locomotives and cars. \ *.: -
Severe Storm Passes Over
Northern Portion of
the State.
TWO PERISH
IN A TORNADO
IN MINNESOTA
place against Dr. E. W. King, superinten
dent of the institution, resulted in three
of the five members of the board showing
in an unmistakable manner their desire
to whitewash King. Cnly through the
vigorous rulings of the chairman. Dr. M.
Gardiner, were Carothers' charges saved
from being completely quashed. As mat
ters now stand the three members of the
board pledged to King's support form a
majority and at the next meeting of tho
board, at which the investigation com
menced to-day ¦will be concluded, there is
but little doubt King will be exonerated.
The charges were pres-ented to the board
by Carothers on June 17 last. Two meet
ings have been held since that time, but
as a full board had on neither occasion
been present the investigation went over
until to-day.
When to-day's meeting opened Attorney
Carothers was not present, but Dr. King's
attorneys, Arthur J. Thatcher and Sena
tor J. H. Seawell, put in an appearance
armed with objections. In place of ap
pearing in person' Carcthers sent a highly
sensational document to the board, in
which he stated that - as he had
every reason to believe a con
clusion had been reached before
hand he decided that it would be In
vain for him to appear in person. " In his
communication, after running over the
charges made by him against Dr. King
and asserting his willingness to produce
the testimony of reputable witnesses to
prove their correctness. Carothers dwelt
particularly on the case of Fred C. Han
dy, King's secretary, who is accused of
employing his political influence to induce
Dr. King to coerce an employe of the In
stitution, David McKlnley. trustee of the
Carroll school district, into appointing
one of Handy's relatives as principal of
that school.
Carothers also cited the notorious In
stance of a disgraceful Intimacy existing
between an Interne of the institution and
a female patient. This case, which at
tracted the attention of Mrs. Eldredge,
a female attendant, and was by her re
ferred to Dr. King, was characterized by
the latter as being peculiar.
To-day's meeting opened in executive
session, during which the sections of
Carothers' report reflecting on Dr. King's
ability were stricken out and Director
Fehnemann of Alamcda moved to quash
the whole proceedings. This proved too
much for even the King supporters to
support, and the meeting became an open
one. For over an hour the board
wrangled over whether or not Carothers'
charges should be dismissed, as he was
not there In person to press them.
"I move to dismiss these charges and
let the board frame fresh ones," said Di
rector Hochheimer of Willows, one of the
King trio. Fehnemann had risen to sec
ond the motion, when Dr. Gardiner • up
set whatever programme, there may have
been by reminding the board that the
charges had been preferred, were before
it. and it had now become Its duty to in
vestigate them.-
Carothers having withdrawn from the
position of prosecuting witness, various
resolutions were presented to fit the case
and finally one framed bv MartinelH was
adopted, appointing a committee of two
to collect evidence for an investigation of
Carothers' charges, to be held at the next
meeting of the board, which will take
place at the asylum on November 9.
Despite the strenuous objections of Di
rector Fahnemann, an epitome of the let
ters sent to-day to the board by Carothers
was included in the charges to be investi
gated. The board then adjourned until
November, when Directors T. Templeton
and A. Hochheimer. whom Dr. Gardiner
appointed the evidence committee, will b«
on hand with their witnesses.
DECREASED DEFICIT
IN POSTAL FUNDS
ceipts and Disbursements for
the Year.
Auditor Issues a Statement of Re-
WASHINGTON, Nov. 6.— The auditor
of the Postofflco Department has Issued
a trial balance showing receipts' and ex
penditures of the postal service for the
fiscal year ended June 30, 1900. This state
ment, taken in connection with that of
the money order department, which was
completed a week ago, shows the entire
financial results of the service for th»
fiscal year. The financial statement of
the postal service proper for the year
1900 is as follows: Expenditures, $107,
249,298 13; revenue, $102,354,579 29; excess
of expenditures over revenue, $4,894,718 §4.
The excess of expenditures over receipts,
or net deficit of the postal service, is
about $1,500,000 less than the deficit for
the preceding fiscal year.
The principal item of revenue is the
sale of stamps and stamped paper. That
item for the year .under review
amounted to $04,013,609 63, an increase of
$6,743,045 62 over the preceding year.
The total financial transactions of the
postal service, including the money order
statement, were $14,394,191 12 for the fiscal
year ended June 30, -rfOO.
FXOTJB, MILLS CLOSED
DOWN INDEFINITELY
MINNEAPOLIS, Oct. 6.— Nearly half
the flour mills operating in Minneapolis
closed to-night for an Indefinite length
of time. The Washburn-Crosby and the
Pillsbury milling companies say that
sixty per cent of their mills will close,
and it Is also reported that the Consoli
dated Milling Company will discontinue
operations, although it Is not learned how
many mills will be affected.
The officials say the shutdown is due
to the shortage in the demand for flour.
The foreign trade, it is declared, is prac
tically dead, while the preseny stock of
the mills will be sufficient to supply the
domestic trade for some time to come. It
is contended generally that the coming
election and political Influence have to
some extent brought about the sudden
decline in demand and it Is probable that
none of the mills will resume operations
until after election Is over.
Actor Curtis" a Bankrupt
ST. PAUL. Oct. 6.— M. B. Curtis.
"Sam'l o* Posen," the actor, filed a petN
,tion in bankruptcy in the United States
District Court to-day, confessing $117,000
liabilities and $25 in assets.
DELMAS AJTD SFUOUL SPEAK.
Democratic Orators Address a Gather
ing at the Capital. .
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SACRAMENTO. Oct. 6.— D. M. Delmas
of San Francisro and Jo D Sproul of
Chico, Democratic candidate for Congress
in the Second District, addressed a large
assemblage in the-Clunle Opera-house to
night. The speakers were escorted from
their hotel to the opera-house by - the
Bryan and Stevenson Club of Sacra
mento, the Iroquols Club, the Bryan and
Stevenson clubs of Oak Park and Florin,
and the County Central Committee. Sen
ator Gillls Doty was chairman of the
meeting.
Mr. Sproul said that the line of demark
atlon that had hitherto divided the two
great parties bad been obliterated. The
names "Democracy" and "Republican
ism" to-day stood for new issues born
during the present administration and
since the last Presidential campaign.
"And the men who believed in honor, in
justice, in right. In the Constitution and
in the Declaration of Independence are
arraying themselves on the side of De
mocracy-and are lending their support to
William J. Bryan." he declared.
I He would take the rifles from the 65.000
soldiers in the Philippines, put Into their
hands picks and shovels and on their feet
gumboots, "and an era of real prosperity
would be started that would be far in
excess of anything ever experienced by
the people of the United States." ¦ . .
Mr. Delmas said that this was a Demo
cratic year. People would vote independ
ently and thousands of Republicans who
stood for What the Democratic platform
pledged Its candidates would vote for
Bryan and Stevenson and Democratic
.Congressmen everywhere.
Special Dispatch to The Call
INTERESTS THE CO AST.
WASHINGTON, Oct. 6.— Postofflce es
.tablished: Oregon — Peyton, Jackson Coun
ty, Anna B. Jones, Postmaster. Postof
flce discontinued: Oregon— Gorman, Sher
man County, mail to Monkland. Post
masters commissioned: California— Ellen
Ford, Walnut Creek; Llbbie W. Ashcroft,
Little Rock.
Pensions issued: California— Increase-
John Fannin, San Francisco, $10; Anthony
W. Pool. Yuba City. JS. Reissue and in
crease — Edward Edgland, Bakersfleld, $8.
Oregon— Increase — George W. Hughson,
Beaverton, $10; Luellen Fleming, Medford,
$17.
Marching Clubs Parade.
Special Dispatch to Tho Call
SAN DIEGO, Oct. 6.— One of the largest
Republican gatherings which has been
held here this year was addressed this
evening by Hon. "W. W. Bowers, former
Congressman from this district, and M.
I,. Ward. The. meeting was held under
the auspices of the H Street Club, as
sisted by the Army and Navy Republi
can League. It was preceded by a pa
rade of the two clubs and a national sa
lute was fired between sundown and the
meeting by a committee from the league.
T. M. Hickey called the gathering to or
der and it was presided over by L. A.
Wright.
Mark Arthur Buckley.
Special Dispatch to The Call
SANTA CRUZ, Oct. 6.— Mark Arthur
Buckley, a capitalist, died this noon at
his home in East Santa Cruz. He was 63
years of age and a native of England. He
Is survived by a wife, a son and four
daughters. '¦
Becomes a Democratic Paper.
Special Dispatch to The Call
SANTA CRUZ, Oct. 6.— The Evening
Record, which has been conducted by Ed
win Braun, has changed ownership. E.
W. Hoag is now editor. The paper, hith
erto Republican, will turn Democratic.
Democrats Will Bring Suit.
Special Dispatch to The Call
SAN JOSE, Oct. 6.— Owen D. Richard
son, Democratic nominee for City Justice,
and Martin Murphy, for County Auditor,
to-day made a written demand on County
Clerk. Pflater to have their names placed
on the Democratic certificate of nomina-
tion. This the Clerk refused,. citing the
opinion of District Attorney Campbell, in
which it is held there are no vacancies
in the offlce. The two candidates will now
mandamus the Clerk to obtain a place on
the official ballots.
to be gone over again. Just what action
will be taken is not known.
Bcniamin left a wife and child residing
in this city.
B. BENJAMIN, THE MISSIKG
SAN JOSE JUROR.
(Photo£»aHi uy Carruthers.)
Hundreds of Men, Accompanied by
Women, March to Lattimer, and
Cause Workers to Join
Their Ranks.
PHILADELPHIA, Oct. C. — President
Mitchell has at last announced his inten
tion to ca!l a convention of miners to de
cide what action shall be taken in regard
to the operators' offer of an Increase of
10 per cent in wages. He made the an
nouncement to-day in a speech at a
miners' mass-meeting' at Shenandoah. lie
said he would Issue a call In a few days.
The belief is general that the men will
give a majority vote in favor of accepting
tho concessions made by the operators.
The date and place for holding the con- ,
vention will' be decided upon at Hazlcton
to-morrow by President Mitchell and
other officials of the mine workers.
President Mitchell addressed largely at
tended mass-meetings and reviewed long
parades of miners at Shenandoah this
atternoon and at Mount Carmel to-night.
More collieries w r ere closed to-day, the
most important being the mines of Cal
vin Pardee & Co. at Lattimer. Mr. Far
dee announced that work would be sus
pended at the mines until further notice,
because, he said, the authorities do not
afford sufficient protection to his em
ployes from intimidation by marching
mobs of strikers, a-n<! he therefore would
coase work to prevent injury to property
and possible loss of life.
Many hundreds of striking miners, ac
companied by women, marched to the
I.attimer mines this morning, and, though
they did not attack the workmen or com
mit any violence, they marched back and
forth on the public road near the mines
in such a menacing manner that the Par
dee employes feared attack should they
emerge from their homes to go to work.
In this way the strikers effectually pre
vented the starting of operations, and Mr.
Pardee's decision to close the mine fol
lowed.
Quietness prevailed in other sections of
the coal regions.
The Delaware and Hudson Company to*
day joined with the other operators and
posted notices offering the 10 per cent in*
crease. The Pennsylvania Coal Company
is the only large operator that has not
posted the notices, but President Thorno
has been quoted as saying his company
will agree to whatever the others do.
11AZLETON, Oct. 6.— That the great an
thracite coal strike will be ended In a
short time seems to-night to be almost
certain. President Mitchell's announce
ment this afternoon in his Shenandoah
speech that a convention of anthracite
miners will be held in a few' days for the
purpope of allowing the men to decide for
themselves whether they should continue
on strike serves to remove all doubt
about the matter. All doubt as to
whether the men will receive the 10 per
cent advance Is divided, but there- is a
good number who believe the men will
receive the advance, on belief that the
operators have reached the limit of their
concessions. I
Mr. Mitchell said to-day, while en route
to Mount Carmel, that he would hold a
convention of .his colleagues here to-mor
row to: decide when he shall issue the
call for the joint convention. Mr. Mitch
ell would not say on what date or in what
cltv the convention would be held. The
question of. representation will probably
be decided at to-morrow's conference.
It Is Believed the Strikers
Will Accept Concessions
of Operators.
COVENTION OF
MINERS CALLED
BY MITCHELL
The 1 Man Whose Disappearance Delayed
Bergerow's Trial is an
Embezzler.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SAN JOSE, Oct: 6.— "Benny" Ben
jamin, the missing 1 juror in the
Beg-erow murder trial, is on the
ocean, bound for Sydney, N. S.
W. This fact was brought out by
the search msiclfi by Sheriff Langford on
the bench warrant Issued yesterday by
Judgp T^origani Benjarhm sailtd on Thurs
day evening on the steamer Moar.a. He
had telephoned for his ticket from this
city and purchased it on the boat. He
boarded' the 5:3." train here, and on its ar
rival at San Francisco wont at once on
bonrd the ship. With Benjamin is $700 of
money belonging to San Joseans, which
had btPn intrusted to him to pay a num
ber of debts in San Krar.cisoo. Just how
much the defalcation will amount to Is
not known, but it is believed it will come
close to $1000.
There is a mystery surrounding Benja
min's disappearance that cannot be ac
counted for unless it Is family trouble or
Insanity. He haa always been considered
flighty, and once before disappeared for
several days. Not long asro hp embraced
spiritualism, and it is said this aroused
the ire of his family. For a number of
years Benjamin has been acting as pur
chasing agent between this town and San
Francisco. He had a good business and
there was no reason for his leaving.
On Thursday morning Tlenjamin re
ceived a number of sums ot" money from
bu:;ine.ss men of this city. J. H. Graves,
the liquor dealer, gave him $S0; Al Wil
liams, the soda man. $130; A: A. Brown
$360. and others lesser amounts. These
sums were to be used in paying bills in
San Francisco.
Some interesting complications have
arisen over Benjamin's uiFf.ppearance.
The trial of Begerow probably will have
JUROR BENJAMIN NOW
FLEEING FROM JUSTICE
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, OCTOislSK 7, lifuu.
16
It takes a woman to overcome obstacles. Mrs.
Chas. W. Harry, E22 E. Fourth street, New-
port. Ky., had for years patiently borne the
disgrace, suffering, misery and privation du«
to her husband's drinking habits.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
OCEAN TRAVEL.
THE 0. R. & N. CO.
DISPATCH FAST STEAMERS TO
IPO:R. I T 1 I_,.A-2sr]D
From Spear-street Wharf at 10 A. M.
CAQt SI 2 First Class. Including Berth
iMni. ssSecond Class. and Meals.
COLUMBIA sails Oct. J. 15. 25. Not. 4
STATE OF CALIFORNIA calls... Oct. 10. T>. SO
Short Line to Walla Walla. Spokane. Butte.
Helena and all points In the Northwest.
Through tickets to nil points East.
E. C. WARD. General Agent.
C33 Market street.
GOODALL. PERKINS & CO.
Superintendents.
Pacific Coast Steamship Co.
\ Steamers leave Broadway
fry. wharf. San Francisco:
Kf»». For Alaskan Port!" — 11 ». on..
ref^ftV Oct. 4. S. 13, 13. 13. 2S. Nov. 2.
i&^tW**7& Change to company's st^am-
lui sHaVHh*} er * at Seattle
fSp-Vitfl W For Victoria, Vancouver (B.
tWRu>SW C). Port TownsTru!, S*attl».
£^^WmwR3M Tacoma, Everett. Anacortes
and New Whatcom (Wash.)—
11 a. m.. Oct. 4. I. IS. IS. a, 8.
Not. 2. and every fifth day thereafter. Chans*
at Seattle to this company's steamers for
Alaska and O. N. R'y; at Seattle or Tacoma
to N. P. R'yj at Vancouver to C. P. R'y.
For Eureka, Humboldt Bay— 3 pi m., Oct. S.
10. 15. 20. 25. 30. Nov. 4. and every fifth day
thereafter.
For San Diego, stopping only at Port Har-
ford (San Luis Obispo'). Santa Barbara. Port
Los Anzeles and Redondo (Los Anireles)— 11 a.
m.. Oct. 4. 8. 12, 16. 20. 24. 2S. Nov. 1. and
every fourth day thereafter.
For Santa Cruz. Monterey. San Simeon. Cayn-
ro««. Port Harford (San Luis Obispo). Oavlnta.
Santa Barbara, Ventura. Hueneme. San Pedro.
East San Pedro (Los Angeles) and Newport— 9
a. m.. Oct. 6. 10. 14. 13. 22. 28. SO. Nov. M.
and every fourth day thereafter.
For Ensanada. Maardalena Bay. San Jo«« del
Cabo. Macatlan, Altata. La Pas. Santa Rosalia
and Guaymaa (Mexico)— 10 a. rn., 7th of each
month.
For further. Information obtain company's
folders. _. .
The company reserves the right to chantr*
steamers, satllne; dates and hours of sailing
without previous notice.
TICKBT OPFICE-4 New Montgomery
street (Palace HoteD.
GOODALL. PERKINS A CO., Gen. Agents.
10 Market st.. Ban Francisco.
MRS. CHAS. W. HARRY.
Learning there was a cure for drunkenness
which ehe could give her husband secretly she
decided to try It. She- mixed it In his fcod and
coffee and as the remedy Is odorless and taste-
less he never knew what It was that so quickly
relieved the craving for liquor. He soon began
to pick up In tlesh, his appetite for solid food
returned, he stuck to his work regularly and
they now have a happy home. Mr. Harry was
told about his wife's experiment and he gives
her the credit of having restored him to his
sanses. It Is certainly a remarkable remedy,
cures a man without his effort, does him no
harm and causes him no suffering whatever.
Dr. Halnes, the discoverer, will send a sam-
ple of this grand remedy free to all who will
write for It. Enough of this remedy ia mailed
free to show how It Is used !n tea. coffee or
fcod and that it will cure the dreaded habit
quietly and permanently. Send your name and
address to Dr. J. W. Halne*. 2671 Glenn build-
Ing, Cincinnati, Ohio, and he will mail a free
sample of the remedy to you. securely sealed
in a plain wrapper, also full directions how to
use it, books and testimonials from hundreds
who have been curfed, and everything needed
to aid you in saving those near and dear to
you from a life of degradation and ultimate
poverty and disgrace.
Send for a free trial to-day. It will brighten
the rest of your life.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
TOYO KISEN KAISHA.
STEAMERS WILL LEAVE WHARF. COR-
ner First and Brannan streets, at 1 p. m..
fcr YOKOHAMA and HONGKONG, calling at
Kobe (Hlogo) Nagasaki and Shanxhal. and
ccnnectlnK at HonRkonjr with steamers for In-
dlal «". No careo received on board on day
of sailing- '„_.,
SS. AMERICA
co nilPPON* MARU •
bs. s*itrtr\j.-* Thursday. December 6. 1300
......... V1& Honolulu.
Round-trip tickets at reduced rate*. Tor
freiftht and passage apply at company's offlce.
*Tl Market street, corner of First.
4Z1 Mantei » H AVERTt General Agent.
¦ itffitefKL. TONG F»O CH"V.
A&jHSSSv Successor to Dr. LAI PO TAI
afjjiBpBSSaBi graduate of Canton Medical
\T '- ollf K e . after a very success-
K? practice of many years In
/»* ff China, has located In San
Itf-7* V Francisco. The surprising and
SEfi^ X marvelous cures effected by
A. hls herbs demonstrate ihelr
¦^i^^^. potence and hla skill. These
£^JSre£&£& nerbs cure over 40 ° different
i%t£*giM& diseases, including Bright^
* 11 *" Disease. Diabetes. Consump-
tion, Asthma, Paralysis
Brain. Nerve. Cancers, Tumora, Blood Male
and Female Maladies. All persons afflicted
with any kind of malady whatsoever are In-
vited to call. Offlce. 727 Washington st Ofttce
Kours-9 a. m. to 12 m.. 1 to » p. m.: Sundays
10 ~ & \. m - to U m - Accept BTateful thanks fo-
effectlnpr a cure of asthma of several vearV
standing A. DARLEY. San Rafael
COXPAQWB 6EHEBAL3 TRANSATLANTICS.
TiTTtFCT LINE TO HAVRE-PARIS.
"ailinsr «-very Thursday, instead of^/^>
Saturday from November 2. 1SW. at •S&iHiit.
10 am from Pier 42. North River, foot ot
Morton "street. L'AQUITAINE. Oct. 11; LA
LORRAINE. Oct. 18: LA BRETAGNE. Oct. 23;
rV TOUKAINE. Nov 1. First class to Havre.
£j5 find upward. Second class to Havre. J42 50
i^d upward. GENERAL AGENCY FOR
rviTED STATES and CANADA. tS Bmadwav
(Hudson bulldinsr). New York. J. F. FUOAZI
g. cO Pacific Coast Agenta. 5 Montgomery
avenue. San Francisco.
HEW WESTERN HOTEL,'
KEARNY AND WASHINGTON STS -RE-
modeled and renovated. KINO WARD*
CO. Buropean plan. Rooms. BOc to *1 60 dav-
»5 to %S week; $3 to $20 month. Free baths- hot
and cold water every room; fire grates In e'very
room: elevator runs all night.
OCEAU TRAVEL
OCEANIC S. S. CO.-HONOI.F1.IT, APIA
AITCKI-AXD AND SYDNEV.
SS QUEEN (Honolulu only>
' Wednesday. October 17, 2 p. m.
SS. ALAMEDA to New Zealand and Aus-
tralia Wednesday. October 81. S p. m.
SS AUSTRALIA to Tahiti „
Thursday. November 1. * p. m.
J. D. SPRECKELS & BROS. CO.. A3U.. 643 Market SI
Pier 7. Foot Pacific SL Freight Office. 327 Market St
BAY AND KIVEE -STXAJffEES.
From Kew Tork Every Wednesday. 12 noon.
We«temland ....Oct. 17FrIeslana . . \or 7
Kensington Oct. MSouthwark ....'nov: U
Noordland Oct. SV I! ".Not 17
For freight and passage apply to"*
INTERNATIONAL NAVIGATION CO..
80 Montgomery st. Or any of its agents.
- RED STAR LINE.
New York and Antwerp.
AMERICAN LINE
HIW YORK. SOUTHAMPTON, L05D0K. PAWS.
Stopping at Cherbourg, westbound.
From New York Every Wednesday. 10 a. m.
St. Paul Oct. «|St. Paul .. N ov 1
St. Loula-. Oct. U St. Louis....... £££ 14
New York Oct. 3l! New York.... Nor n
FOR U. S. NAVY-YARD and VALLEJO
Steamer "Montlcello."
MON., Tuea., "Wed., Thurs. and Sat. at ••«
a. m., 3:13, 8:30 p. m. (ex. Thurs. nlsht)- Fri-
days. 1 p. m. and 8:30: Sundays. 10:30 a. m. i
p. m. Landing and offlce. Mission-street Dork
Pier No. 2. Telephona Main HOi. **>«.
. rA^ »"•¦ :• • :!L - rr::!: ..,...60o
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Best Way
to Cure
Drunkards
We Want All Our Readers to Know
How Hrs Chas. W. Harry
Cured Her Husband.
Mixed a Remedy in His Coffee and
Food and Cured Him Without
' His Help or Knowledge.
COSTS NOTHING TO TRY.
WINNER OF THE
Firsl: Grand Prize
In Great Bemsnd !
LAIRD, SCHOBER & CO.
of Philade pMa received the
First Grand Prize at the
PARIS EXPOSITION.
"Wo axe headquarters for their shoes aa4
have had a rush all week, as EVERY
LADY WANTS to wear
A PRIZE-WINNER.
We have just received a iarse Invoice of
Laird, Schober & Co.'s ladles', misses' and
children's fine shoes and will place them
on sale this week, SO YOUR CHILDEEX
can also wear PRIZE WINNERS.
OUR LIFE-SAVING SHOE
Is Just IM SEASON.
witl Se? SSg%E» WA 4 S
AND DRY without the clumsy
appearance of the ordinary wet
weather shoe. They are made
of. French kid and fine box calf.
with welted sowed soles and
stitched edges. All stylea-laco
and button.
$3,50.
Those who wish to PATRONIZE HOitK
INDUSTRY ask for
KAST & GLANVILLE'S
Full r>ress Shoes for $2.5O and 83.OO.
Every Pair Warranted.
Send for Free Illustrated Catalogue.
WE HAVE NO BRANCH STORES.
812-814 MARKET ST.,
Phelan Building-.
smmmmmwmmiffwwwmnrmmmmwwiiF.mmwmmmmm
I GUARANTEED a sale of GUARANTEED 1
I JEHL GUARANTEED BLACK SILKS. ™L* I
I 85c Yard, i, =n 98c Yard, 1
E — MONEY REFUNDED IF THEY PROVE UNSATISFACTORY. n... value «.&
M GUARANTEED =- —
ST T i r r rT | 000 yards 21-Inch. _.
fc= lArrtlAi DO NOT MISS to-morrow's opportunities if you 01 OE VnrA "**
fc coo yards =3 men. arc interested in Silks. ON NO FORMER OCCASION Ol.^O Tall!.
j^~ have we presented such cxtraord nary qualities. Reg. value Jl.50. =S
5= QR(J YSfQ EVERY PIECE has been manufactured by the most US
£= renowned silk manufacturer of France— the QUALI- n».mr "3
"" TIES r. OST FAVORED by the best dressmaking trade. NEW PANNE
% GUARANTEED here v s /h inkoyation heretofore unxhowh in silk selling : VELVETS, |3
TAFFETA. Should nny of our guarantee:! silk fail to give iJgSSw*iSad!^MJS 1^
£ ynris re-inch. prop rr service we godly replace it with nsw silk jggrm^gngjjg =3
mZ. O* refund the amoun: paid. • shown elsewhere— all — <•
m— pi t r \f nr J . th* ch'.c. catchy crea- T"*
g 51.10 Tara. NOTE THESE GREAT VALUES ON SALE COMMENCING TO-MORROW. 111 *
I THE BEST 85c COLORED TAFFETA FOR 63c YARD. |
fc EXTRA SfECIAL., =2
SH A >a<!!r.:r r:!k manufacturer closed out to ug BSOO yards rich and lustrous Taffeta Silk— that which usually sells at S5c yard. =^5
tt*- it is all perfectly woven, pure silk, strong anfl durable. Over 35 of the leading shades are represented in this lot. in- fJQ/-» ""*»
clufiln* white and "cream, which roes on sale to-morrow at the extraordinary price of Tani DOv
E: 27-Inch Black Talfeta. iSwiSJaVs: 1 . 0 .""': "c Yard 1 19-lncli Black Taffeta, absolutely perfect 57c Yard 3
i GREAT VALUES IN BLACK DRESS GOODS. A SALE OF TAILOR-MADE SUITS, $10.95 EACH. 1
Srr TTe have irmfle particular preparation to have our line very rtKf^tiLar* vjtw wiw out in ""•
complete. TTe quote Three Items which cannot fail to make this HBCULAK VALUE *'7.3O. _-»
derartmer.t th* center of attraction for all who may wish to pur- "!ghty-flv« Ladies 1 Tailor-made Suits on sale to-morrow— -"•
•- chase Elack Dress Goods this week. handsome and stylish. They were made by one of the best -^g
_ , .„ n . >naf ¦fritf-Tiiii tun rn m n« ini/ nnnanni fiTii New York suit makers for a larg-e retail house. Before they -^«
2C= 54- N. BLACK VENETIAN AND 52-lH. BLACK BROADCLOTH w *™ competed the makers canceled the contract and we sue- ;-•
•»— , ..•,»»». i _<» t ceeded In closing them out much below the -wholesale price. ~*^T
•*- Fporifro.i an.1 rhn-r.k; no question about the popularity of They ere made of fine lrnported Homespun, in the Oxrord Gray. US
JJ^ ttiefo doth»-even more than m previous years. A lar^c p lue i{ rnwn; the Jacket flnely ta)loref i lined with good
s= K2ffi?S "" ff^S«fSSte|^S 98c ggg S&S&S&^JK BJfc "I, ESfetft MS 3
g $2.50 BUCK FIEfiOU &MJTEL45S] SUITiHGS $1.50 YD. "" ¦"'" m^i0& .Ju~, i
*r* You never Faw handsomer nnr more effective styles than tho«e . IIJII1J UOJ vlUHOi Oxford mixtures derp hem with —a»
ZZ ov fale to-morrow. A vtelt win convince you that we have not an nn |._ aj nn ok. . rows of stitching;, perfect hanplng. rSf
•— overpraised them. Your choice of fifteen of the bept CJ.5O <*l.-aO i'JI d 4*f > UU ORIIli On special sale for Mon- CO-^H rJu
g*~ patterns at Yard t? ¦ day only ; Each O-^ 3l»
S PnntinilStinn nf thp nf B!ank ets Towels Sheets and
g UflllllillldliUll U! lllb OdIB Ul Tab(e Linen Napkins PiS | 0W Ca ses 3
2^.0 pairs V.Tiite Wool Blr.Tikets for double beds, with rhoice 100 dozen Pillow Cases. 43x36. a good qualitv muslin •«*"*„ — *
border? bound anxfa C-inth silk binding; regular value CO.45 used for them. On special sale at Each IvfC
M»»»Ir. On sal^ Pair <P<L» 50 dozen Sheets, €3^. Speciai at 45c Each
**"" 100 pairs Whif all-Waal Blankets, made of the best Aus- 25 dozen Bed Comforters, filled with pure white cotton *""**
SS — trsTian wool, exira lsrgc Rise, a grand blanket; actual- <2<Q-y5 covered with pretty silkoline. large size. On sale at C I 2.*i ~n
~- ly worth to-day f9 (0. On sale Pair «?" Each t?l — •
\ri Qp TonnJC Phniipl MfindaV Rip YarH Another special lot of those soft and fleecy Outing Flannels for which "^»
«^: o'j I eillllO ridUilCI nlUIIUd) D2I1 IdlUi -n-e had such a big demand last Monday; light and medium colorings r2
*m~~ in stripes and checks; fast colors.
2 EXTRA SPECIALS ¦ — — 1 50-GENT 3
E in udies' 00 QQ CnD fl 0C Kf] -appuque trim- 3
NECKWEAR. 75c. dOiDO rUil H OOiJU MING
S^ GOOD VALVE Jl S. M| nACT if% 1 1 If ¦ H f n IA mm -^S
Bijffgsszini BLACK SILK WAIST 25cm 3
S= bots combined made of I I I ULnUit Q I L I\ WWHIUIlll A special offer for =3
wmv liberty Silk and trimming buvera tn -^S
£ S §f-M SIZES 32 TO 44 - sK,f"SpS; 3
•--. Liberty FhK Jarnts. "U'e've been watching fcr a pood opportunity to give you something Trimming, edged with -*
dainty and very T.ec- remarkable In Ladies' Black Silk Waists. The time is ripe and here are silk soutache in black "*^t
«fc_ tive. some trimmed the valets. "We became the purchasers of over 400 dainty and most fash- white, gray and white «
with la^e anl some icnable Black Silk Waists. at a great sacrifice to the manufacturer. Every and gold combinations — *
rtcoon. in pretty one is perfect in fit. made of the best Black ' Taffeta, finished with hem- 114 inches wide a great "Z2
,_- colon rf blue. p.r.K. stitching and tucking. The same cannot be duplicated under $6 50 ,(PQ. 98 ¦ bargain; your choice
•¦- lavender, white ana apiece. Our price for to-morrow only Each tJ)O at * ~^
a ? k :..^a^ 75c i _ I 25c Yard.
LADIES' MACKINTOSHES. $2,45 FOR A LADIES' S4 PETTICOAT. VENETIAN CLOTH— $7.50 SUIT. =§
y Crr niol Fof to-morrow's selling we One of our famous Monday offers and you g at i n finished Venetian Onth ™ =2
SZ SPECI31 have selected one that we will not be dlsapr>olnted If you come, we " " "™ 5aea v e n f tlan "o 1 "- II ranks --J
5pi _j C n r U »n safely recommend for promise you. Made of best Mercerized ngnt to trie, front this season among the ~*^
y~ i4iU*J taCll. tcod wear. They are lined Italian cloth with a deep graduated ac- plain-faced materials. Soft, rich and hand- ~" "•
i^* throughout with a fashionable plaid lining, cordion plaited flounce, finished ruche bot- some stuffe,' for .-fall costumes,-? already UlS
*¦" have rtouble-breasted ml'ltarj' car>e and in- torn and extra dust ruffle; in colors of shrunk and eoonged, 82 inches wide Your ~*«
fc: laid velvet collar; alfolutely C.4.-3O cerise, red. lavender, gray, new Cft.45 choice of 24 of the leading shades, lnclud- r^t
J^- waterrroof. Special, each Ot" blue and black. On sale Each <4>-A lnff black. . i Vvaa - •
£ —. 1 ; : ; • : ' : "^ , 3
fc EXQUISITE SILK C0UNTRY obdeks receive prompt attention. BEAUTIFUL 3
•*••- 1 1| n " 09 r n t ii uH Ilt .»
o^i— riirni£ii*nc _ * w?pa rt - >^^^^ _*^40£^Bir were or'cnprl on Pat- '*
iuwuuuinuiiuuiummiiwmiuiuiuiuiuiiJiuiuiiatiuiUiUJUjmiiiuiui'UiUiuiuujiuhLl
9 It Costs Nothing to Consult These' Reliable Specialists. An Inter- q
V view Will Give Sufferers a Great Deal of Valuable Information Con- ¦'••
r* cerning Their Ailment if Thsy Do WTot Take Treatment. '.'.
•• QPCPIAI ICTC CflD Id Ell ¦•' \ \fyi '• I '^** m ~ s * y^ "¦' es??S * *
J. Largest Institution, Most Ex- /^5^$- 5 " trffi v.u^&^rt^H^' ¦ // "'
j^ tensive Practice. Consultation y/yy/9 W$ffij\$\. /WI>iwIb31$h3nm}'\/// "
•J- weakness which accompanies It, 2^%5?xA. '(1^>K®WBP t/s£
j* Patients may pay when well or"^^^S|\ W^^BfOB flfflfuwsis St$ W&' s^J&y "
T Rt of lire or bj-'mai'l.' Corre-' £% n//|V 1 '-^g|^P*tP§e®BK'^i~= T V
*»* spor.denee confidential. -rift it: li\ ¦ === g^jp^ »5SS?vSHB6-^; ••
** "Patients supplied wVih medicines fro m our own private laboratory, without charge. **
••ELEVATOR I 7Qi MARKET STREET, Hours-8 to 5. DaiiyV: : I
J^ENTRANCE.- I Ol san francisco.- SSSEi 1 !^; 1
' EvenInfs-7 to V •
I PRICE
\\ AND
fi QUALITY
G The Sezret of Our Success.
R REGULAR OWL PRICES.
rj Arnica. Tooth Soap 15c
l\ Kirk's Juvenile Soap 15c
[I Cuticura Soap 15c
|B 1'ii.r'N S'.a:> 2 for 2f>c
(1 4711 Glvcerine Soap ITtc
M Ailrock's Porous Plasters. .15c 2 for 25c
El Ai'-coclc'e Corn Plasters 1 5c*
f.| Belladonna Plasters lOc, 3 for l!5c
M Manhattan Porous Plasters...'
i\ lOc. 3 for 25c
H Mennen's Talcum Powder 15c
fj Lablach« Powder SOe
FJ founders' Powder 25c
ttl T'tiow's Swan's Down Powder lOtr
B Pozonni's Powder ZUte
Ef Lfsley'fi Talcum Powder.. I Oe, 3 for 25c
|| M&lrins. Cream It5c
I Crexne de Lls 35c
ra Camelllne 35c
pj Plnaud e Eau <1c- Quinine. .35c and Cc
U Plnaud's Brilllantlne 35c
H Carter's Swedish Hair Renewer 5Oc
rj Roger & GsJletfs Peau de Espagne.!H>c
pi Tloirer & Galletfe Vlolette 75c
B Ph<?fn>l<l's Uentifrlce 15c
H Calder's Dentine 15c
H Valdler's Violet Ammonia 25c
[1 Bra. Salt <5-lb box) 15c
|l Sugar of Milk (l-lb box) 35c
I m THiFowL
j 5§| drug r
I Jfip8 Market ,,
1 btJ$ Tenlil and Sroadwa y'
Q "^>ifM>»»>?ir1 OAKLAND*tions awaiting his coming. He spoke for
half an hour and almost every sentence
was punctuated with cheers.
Only the army contractors and the trust
magnates were, he said, getting any ben
efit from the Republican policies. The
man who works with brain and muscle—
what . chance was there for him to get
anything out of it?
BOUBKE OOCEBAN TAXES.
Declares the Question of Imperialism
Is the Paramount Issue.
TOPEKA, Oct. 6.— Bourke Cockran of
New. York addressed fully 5000 people In
the Auditorium In this city to-ni«ht. He
arrived here from Kansas City on a
special train and was escorted at once to
the Aualtorium. His appearances' en the
stage was greeted with cheering which
continued several minutes.
When Mr. Cockran was introduced the
applause was deafening. He at one* be
gan the discussion of the question of Im
perialism, which he declared was " the
paramount Issue.
"Upon tho result of tills campaign."
said he. "depends the fate of the coun
try. It means that the United States will
either advance or retrograde and condi
tions become similar to those of medieval
times."
He then went into the history of the
manner in which the United States se
cured its additional territory. He de
clared that the manner In which this
country secured the Philippines gave It
neither a legal nor moral right to their
possession.
IDAHO TICKET UU CHANGED.
Populists Pall to Fill the Three Ex
isting Vacancies.
BOISE. Idaho. Oct. ?.— Tc-day was the
last day on which declinations of nomina
tlons could be filed and It closed without
any change In the fusion situation. Fu
sion between the Democrats is now im
possible. The Democrats have the name*
of three Populists on their ticket — Glena
for Congress. E. X. Jones for Auditor and
M- H. Jacobs for mine Inspector— but
there ar* no Democrats on the Populist
ticket. Oa the latter, however, are flvs
vacancies— one Elector. Governor. LJeu
tesant Governor. Justice of the Suprem*
Coart and Attorney General. It la under
stood new that no appeal wlll^be made ta
the courts to secure the filling of vacan
cies on the Pcpulist ticket wlrh the
names of Democratic candidates far tlsa
same positicr.s.
TOLA3IOOK. Oct. t— TUe ff^soltne ichsen«r
Ar.iti. wt!cb west ashcr- at Nesracca Uj:
Saturday, was Seated yesterday. Ste 13 ua
lajured aad ka» taxes oa a«r cargo agaia.
CO2TSTJ3IPTIO2T t'UKZD.
Aa old physician, retire! from practlc*. aai
placed la h:» har.d3 b? an East India missionary
tfce formula cf a stssple Ye?etaile r*=»dy for
tte speedr *ad pertaasent cur« of Consumption.
Bronchitl*. Catarrh. Aatiuca and *U TSiroat anj
T i"y AITectloaa: also a positive and ra&icai
care for Nervouj Debility aad all Xerrous Coni
pixlata. Havtss tested Its wcndertul curative
powers la thousands of cases, aad <J*sirlaff- to
relieve hastan raSoing. I will «-=<i free of
charr* to all who wish U. thi* r^ci;e. ta Oer-
TT,«t» French or English, with fall dtrsctioa*
for preparlB* aad usia*. Sent by mail, by «4
<Ir»4s!B*. wita itasip. casing tai* paper. W. a.
N770. |» Powtn* BIocS. RcciSi-.tr. K.-T.
hftard around the world; we want the «un
of liberty to shine so it will be seen
around t£e world. You want this nation
to come out aa a bully; you want this na
tion to Jump on Inferior people, as you
call them: you want this nation to pur
chase trade with American blood, lou
sav it will pay. How much is a man
worth, measured by trade? Two thousand
dead bodies have floated back across the
Pac*nc How much are they worth In
trade? * How much Is one of your sons— I
ask you fathers and mothers, how much
is one o'f your sons worth, measured by
trade?
"I believe In Almighty God. I b«lleve he
knows the thoughts and purposes of men.
but I am not willing to blame God for
evil thoughts. If I feel in my heart an
impulse to do good I will trace it to God.
If I feel in my heart aa Impulse to do bad
I will not lay It to him.
"You must distinguish between temp
tation and opportunity.- Temptation comes
to do wrong; opportunity comes to do
good ; but you ' at I your peril must decide
whether It- la a -temptation or an oppor
tunity. Temptations hav« come In the
past. Sometimes men have yielded to
temptation and fallen from ifcftir high
estates; sometimes they have resisted and
made them stepping-stones to grander
things. The Bible tells us that 1S0O yeara
ago Satan took the Savior to a high
mountain and offered him' the kingdoms
of the, earth If he would, fall down and
worship him: but Christ said. 'Get thee
behind me, Satan.' The Republican party
was taken up on a high mountain and
shown the Philippine Islands, but It did
not have the courage to resist temptation.
Instead of saying, "Get thee behind me,
Satan," It looked up to the Spanish mon
archy and said, 'We'll give you J2 50 for
those fellows.'
"To-day you will find men are preach
lns the pospel of force. I am amazed
when I hear a preacher shouting for the
doctrine - that makes this nation the ex
ponent of brute force. Do they forget
that when the angels came to announce
the birth of Christ" they came not to sol
diers in battle array, but .: to shepherds
who kept their flocks by. night? Do they
forget that It was not a call to arms, but
a message of peace on earth, good wlli
toward men?"
Mr. Bryan : arrived at "Waahlnyton an
hour behind schedule. - He found a wlldl/
enthusiastic crowd of Immense proper-
the stress of their public arguments upon
another issue in order to attract voters
who have been alienated by tneir former
Cuurse. Certain men have sr.atcr.c- at the
excuse thus rendered and now are cham
pioiur.g Mr. Bryan, ail hough four yea-ra
«»so t£.ey denounced aim wi,_ exceeding
bitterness because of the very auUuile
on financial, social and economic ques
tions which he still openly retains. These
men unite to ftsatst at the triumph of the
rorces of social disorder, of economic dis
rtst, financial dishonor, because, forsooth,
they say that all evils that may befall as
are prtferable to seeing us uphold the
honor of the flag and interests of the na
tion in the Philippines. The arguments
thty advance to justifv themselves are so
extraordinary that it":s difficult to state
th^m coriectly. Bourke Cotkran. lor in
stance, advocates the election of Mr.
Bryan and a BryaxJte House on the
ground that there will stili be a Repubii
can Senate to prevent the newly elected
President and riouse irem carrying out
the very policy which they would have
been elected to carry out. It seems scarce
ly necessary to no more than state such
a proposition. Its mere statement fur
nishes a sufficient commentary en the
part of the party in uenalf of which it is
advanced and the centieman advancing
It.
"Mr. Schurz. than whom no one man in
l$y$ usec mere \iolent language concern
ing Mr. Bryan, is now supporting him. or
what is practically the same tning, is op
posing President AlcKInJey on account of
the .Philippine policy. Mr. Sciiurs ha»
tiated "that his blood boiled at our mis
conduct in the taking of the Philippines."
and that h« defies any man to produce
from the history of any civilizen nation
a parallel in point cf ir.famy to our con
duct tcwurd Aguinaidn and the insur
gents. Of course, it is in one sense diffi
cult to produce such a parallel for the
excellent reason that our conduct has
been the reverse of infamous, and there
fore cannot be paralleled by any act of
infamy. But accepting: Mr. Schurz' s term
inology, it may be pointed out that innn-
Iteiy graver criticism can justly be passed
upon the dealings of this nation with the
Sioux and Nez Perces during the admin
istraticn of President Hayes, of which
Mr. Schurz was a member, than can be
passed upon any of our dealings with the
lagals under President McKinley. The
parallel between the Sioux and the Tagals
:s not unfair and Aguinaldo probably
stands abuve Sitting Bull, but he stands
below Chier Joseph, and the Xez Perces.
unlike the Tasals, did have real and
grave injustices cf which to complain
Mr. Schurz was then In power and he
could have then shown the faith that was
in him by striking deeds of the kind
which he now champions in words. If he
is right in his present attitude it was hi«
caty .-it that time to leave President
Hayes' cabinet und join the Greenback
party? Such a course would, of course.
hav« br^en an absurdity, but not quite so
gross an absurdity as the course he is
now following. In Mr. Schurz's speech
in this city four years ace. he in denounc
ing Mr. Bryaa and th-? very policies
which have been explicitly reaffirmed in
this campaign, said that if Mr. Bryan tri
umphed it would mean that this country
had 'forfeited its national honor' for
which, said Mr. Schurz. It ought to 'shed
the last drop of blood.' He continued that
the triumph of Mr. Bryan would mean
the 'contempt and abhorrence of man
kind.' and that the nati.n would rot to
death In 'the Ic-athsome stew of Its own
corruption." Of conrse such language re
flects the gravest discredit upon the man
who uses it unless it is warranted bv
facts. If warranted by facts then there
Is not the least shadow of excuse for Mr.
Schurz abandoning the position he took
because of the Philippines.
"I hold that our course in the Philip
pines is both wise and righteous. But
even should any man hold to the con
trary, he would have nc warrant in
leaving us if he ever believed as Mr.
Schurz believed in 1S£«5. ¦ Let Mr.
Sehurz's blood boll 'over the thousand
outrages perpetrated by the savaee ban
bitti to when he would turn the island? —
these infamies being perpetrated not only
upon our own soldiers, but especially
upon the friendly Filipinos — and let him
join with us in bringing peace and true
liberty to the people of the islands
in the only way In which peace and true
liberty are brought to them, and that is
under the shadow of the American flag-.
"This year our opponents 'rest their
hope of success upon exciting revolution
and hatred in one class of our citizens
against other classes. They are striving
to stir up the forces of social ill will, and
therefore of social disorder. Both their
desperation and their lack of conscience
Is shown by the way in which they seize
upon the act cf noble rescue In China
as a justification for saying that now
we will bring the Chinese into competi
tion with our own wageworkers. They
well know that every one in this country
believes In keeping out the cheap labor
of China and in preventing Its being
brought ir.to this country. Every Repub
lican leader Is against letting down the
tars to Chinese immigration. The Chi
nese exclusion act will be enforced as
lor.g as President McKinley Is in the
White House, but our opponents cham
pion a course which would be almost
as bad for the American wageworker as
to let In Chinese cheap labor; that is.
they champion letting in the products of
Chinese cheap labor and driving out th-2
products of American labor. The Demo
cratic candidate for the Presidency, in
his speech in the House of Representa
tive*. January 13. 1S94. put himself for
ward as the special exponent of this pol
icy, which would let in the handiwork
cf the yellow men of Asia against the in
terests of wageworkers of this land. I
ask you to judge by deeds and not by
words, and if you so Judge you will find
that the Republican party is the real
champion of true Americanism in every
shape." -
BRYA27 AT LOUISVUXE.
Concludes a* Day's Work by Address-
ing a Big Audience.
LOUISVILLE. Ky., Oct. 6.— Mr. Bryan
concluded hl3 day's work with a speech
to-night to an audience that taxed the
big auditorium In this city to Its utmost-
Before crossing the river he made a fif
teen-minute speech at JeSersonvllle, from
the rear platform of his train to & large
and enthusiastic crowd. At the meeting
In Louisville Mr. Bryan was Introduced
by ex-Governor J. B. McCreery. It .was
several minutes before the nominee could
be^.n his speech, and the demonstration
paid him was enthusiastic in the extreme,
ilr. Bryan began by scayingr:
"I believe with cur party that imperial
ism i9 the paramount iisue, but If any
Republican wants to believe that some
ether issue is the paramount one. I am
perfectly willing he shall do so If he is
prepared to defend his opinion, but if a
Republican tells you that the gold stand
ard is more important than the standard
of government, he does not mean that It
is. but he simply proves that he has a
very sordid Idea of public questions."
Mr. Bryan then took up the subjects of
trusts. Imperialism and militarism, dis
cussing them along the same general
llnfe aa in previous speeches.
Mr. Bryan will leave at 2:30 a. m. for
Salem, where he will spend Sunday with
relatives. Monday he will begin a cam
paign in Illinois.
Mr Bryan made fourteen speeches dur
ing the day before crossing the Ohio Riv
er. These speeches were made at Plain
field, a small station a few miles out from
Indianapolis; Greencastle. Brazil, an Im
portant nunir.g center; Terra Hs»u*« Lew
is. LintOK. Elnora. Washington. Shoals
Muchol. Orleans, Saiex.? New Albany and
JeffersonviUe. His audiences were all
large, except at the very small towns. At
such places as Terre Haute. Unton. Sa
lem and \vashinsrton there were multi
tudes of people. At ail the stopping
places great enthusiasm was displayed
and the people followed him recklessly In
crowds The people did. not desert on ac
count of th» rain, and Mr. Bryan Pro
tected himself with an umbrella. Mr
Bryan is standing up wonderfully under
the strain of the campaign, and he laid
when here to-night that he felt better
than he did when he started out.
At Llnton Mr. Bryan said:
"Republicans, you want the splendor of
an empire; we want the happiness of &
self-governing and a contented people.
You want the Americas, trumpet to be
**It Is fllfflcolt to erg-ue over the issues
ra:s*i by our antagonisus in .iSSo. for our
cr.tag-onists themselves, thou-ii they sti'.l
prefess to believe in them, no longer dar>»
arg-je them. Of course this does not alte
ir. the least the danzer to the country in
volved :r. ties- issues. All that it alters
Is our estimate cf the men who still cham
;ion a policy which would bring absolute
ru'.n tc the Government, alihcu?h so ccr
s:i;-ui cf its weakness that they lay all
P*or ten minutes after Governor Roose-
T«ir» arrival at the Coliseum men cheered
*r.d waved f.ags. Wcmen stood upon
chairs. w^veU Handkerchiefs and shouted.
f -yj Ju»t fcs Quiet was restorea a. storm of
¦splttUM ¦was provoked a^ain by a Rough
lUder rrfiTiFTit. which inarched in and
occupied the gallery behind the platform.
The Governor, near whom sat various
xs.«=btrs of the Republican National
Committee and a large representation of
the Hamilton Club, was introduced by
President Bang's cf that club, and said:
A. radical chanse had been raa.de In the
Coliseum f:r Governor Roosevelt. Tile
piiiiorm Jrcm which Bourke C^ckran
epoiis one week ago. at the end cf the
hn.'l. had teen moved to the eas; side .md
th« c*r.a;rs were so arranged tha; e.ery
cce In tha vtst building laced the speaker
»-fl wu thua enabled to hear distinctly.
While the throng: at the Coliseum await
ed th-e iiaticna: ca^idi-iaie various speak
er* occupied the platfcrm. Among them
wu J-jdge Yates. at whose request the
a.udi«nc« rcse arri gave three cheers for
SCCXialcj and Roosevelt.
For more tian two hours b«iore the ar- j
rival cT Oovernor Roosevelt the crowd !
Lad been gaiherins in Wa'jash avenue, j
awaiti:^ him. The Governor was late
OVlSS to tie failure of his special train j
to arrive on time. Wken the train rolled |
into the station the party aboard, in j
wtich- were Governor Booserdt, Senator j
Kins*, Senator CaHoza acd Richard »
V*tes. candidate for Goverser, received a j
rnighty cheer. Rocdreds cf Republican j
Club member*, counted and la khaki
urlTona. were formed in line and the Gov- j
emor was esccrted to the Auditorium Ho- j
tei. where he took dinner. Altns the route |
tte sidewalks were thronged and nuiner
oca bands ntade music Tor the marchers. '
CHICAGO, Oct. C— Concluding th« pro
gr&zzrze of a. busy day cf campaigning.
embracing a dozen speeches. Governor
Roosevelt to-night addressed two Chicago
iudiecc*s which crowded both the Col
l«e-^ni *nd First Regiment Armory, yet h-i
ha£ to disappoint several thousar.d per
sons en when the doors were closed after
the tig buildings were «l!e<L
Vast Audience in the Chicago
Coliseum Cheers and Waves
Flags for Ten Minutes.
GREAT WELCOME
FOR ROOSEVELT
THE SAN FRANCISCO CAI/L, SUNDAY, OCTOBER 7, 19OO.
17
w Gas stoves Qn a * a i ny BE MAlIWfMDb M B f.9kM oi "" sim ** * s * le Vosi Pocket p; p es z
Jj; With Tubing, 57c* day vkm you Wffl msfMlfflr H 119 r VVls 1 MJaa only s frx vesks New shape brur _„_ X
k > These gooi nitd grourus, feS K9mH Hj|Tpli Wmli H i IKSS C - * r ' y ou woc v a 3 : fe==^ ¦ c= * "*:
V gas heat- x^S2ar-v dry goodt and rub- V&2 W0 Sm\M%k^% ¦ WHKJ vatckatg cur daUf Pccke' Pipes, L W j. t-t- 1^ >) ""*
V iag vd^SsfV^^^^l ttrs, pr examph, H Wk^J^ - " T lH ****** cftrir.zsi cade 2i-. aai WU^'Sy -^
V stoves, (T^^^^^^MC!\ hzv cotveenisnt to VpA **~ *m> M^% *+ Tfc "Em> ¦¦ H^>. V& Cm\ "W. 2*k 2* ¦»- 5B Loii °? holid:l ? separaD.e to V -zzJ*r* 2
k' wth :.^^^l buy them ken. all *^ ¦*'MW^ MJ*4MM.<a4MM m -** goods in ihoss sp*- occajj mill L«^S2^ u
*. 6f>etof _ under ons roof. CAIJFOPNIA'S !^\PGEST«AMER!CA f S GRANDEST STORE cUluUs. space; prett/ n-Ul nxcxisti::^ aai X
V fiex'b'e /^^T^~ ~~^^^>i* ¦?¦*- t new style <Joub".e draft stick stea ¦£
S 1'd.Xc The fundamental principles of this business are: 7o mate quick and jffiZ*** ***•* ? ~ 23c s
$ iaipat- lane sales ot the best grades of merchandise at a small margin of profit; to ruver misrepresent an * g
v eat attachment for heatiag enriing article; to consider fio transaction cpmblete until our customer is luUy satisfied ; to refund money upon x
5 irons, that eeii regular y for .. return of our goods,.if same qualities can bi bought for a less price elsewhere. Cut Jet DPCSS s
g SOc on Monday pair O iC j nQ advantages of trading here, aside from the saving, are: You can obtain Trimminn, Go Yard 5
*£ 2Oc Dress Linings, 14c. everything to eat, drink, uear or use under one roof, to be delivered to your home all at one tiim ; the - rf * •*
% 500 yard* of.fiaeb-acst»ff*:« sart Lin- to'gest assortment of each pa'ticular kind of goods to select from; Parlors, Lavitoncs, ChilJrerfs Two lots o. haa^scsw drts" b h™'!g* >s
J ing. 35 kches w "de. beetled aad moire Mwserv, Emergency Hispitil, Inform ition Bureau, and dozens of oilier fret conxeniinas, besides Post. 3itJ mcSr IL -£S" n^Lot '5
I t^^^^^^flT 1 .ffi*.T*:egr*fr Station! Restaurant, etc. S^^S^Si^S^:*
V Monday only, per ysrd 1&G ; \ <f jard, ca special sale Moaiayoi.y OC %x
I Blankets BL2lti*S& ]/SX$Ue&m Coloped Dress Goods. Men's and Boys' Fail and Winter S
| We bought Ba^ets ia large qfanUie, whea raw material . « AU^oUp^w^ighl S^SSy" ClOthlttg 311(1 f UrnishingS. ' S
* was low aad mi'.ls half idle, aad wa bow confidently JLfV jf JU$ rew. fall shades, an extra value -rer x
»/ assert that the earns weights and qualities caanot ba bosght TIRu^^SMCv y-irii 7SO Our clothing buyer, nozp in NeVJ Y<^rk. is rushirg i* 75 * "«
V elsewhere in the regu'ar way at prices as low a3tha tig st-ire'i- | J( - 1 '^VNN\)) 52-Inch Venetian Cloth— Every forward Shipments Of O'Jl SeCOHd Stxk of Fall ar.d *M X
i Best white Lanib'a Wo.I Bankets, dlifxaia mike- loK^SV thread *ooV excellent dye aai fiahh^ Winter Chthir.g. ' New goods are kin? placed upon Jkj^ jj
$ 4ib^S3.93perp-lr. 6 .bs . S5.93 per pair. [/U/fM' i^^E^^W^t^ the tables diilv. Nevsr in the history of the Kg s; ore $
u s lbs., S4 95 per pair. 7 ib s ., 56.95 per pair. A/ 1 \ / H\A\ it7 wool warranred °hma'i 1 n d has iuch an incomparable arrav of values / I A 5
J- Be3; gray Ctiforr.fi Blankets— //^rJ-^ \ \\r «?°°2 e 4 «k» correct notarial for been offered in men's and bo.s' dependable / f ' 5
£ 4j lbs., $3.35 p.T pair. 5 lbs, 53.95 per pair. V-^L ' ~^ M \y stylish ankle length skirt*— P#r clothing. Hi. e are some sample prices: &Z> ft "j
$> * 6 lbs., f 4.95 per pair- ::==^\^ ' \ d $f*BO V 7 * '5
\ Est.n.gr.j and white B.a=k«> 7SO to S5.00 '^YM » $1O'_£P. Ove^^at-JteJ' M}\^L
I Eiegant Things In P ann e Velvets. $2 Umbrella, $1.27 J^^gj^^ W f R
| Nw Millinery. '^S^S^SS^^X' oO ?^M'#^^ I Jfo ?
>/ w* 1 *^^ sts t^ iat are correct material for dinner, reception fOP boys 9 3 ~ pfcCO I \>O K^ ferl^^^ J*
*»t f- r?t '<y and and evening gown?. V>'e are showing: A very seasonab'e special sa'e of ta»n's mjr&> SllltS — made OI excellent \ • I II ? I **
k c*t^^^M '"sfcionable a v?ry choice P3»ortmect of the r.e^r and wo=3a"5 Un : on Tiffet* Silk Ua- plan b ti ) aad fascy ciied cheriota. with Eobbr. lA|| Si { '3
k 1 at rroierale 19 i:ch Pir.ne V a vets in a besutif a! brel'a5; we contd only gat 2>0 at the djable-bre3?ted vests, knee paata, rouad-comered !n ' II I ""•
;rc-s. You line of co onr. S 3 for gowns, wsi=: price. 100 of them the men's s:x 5 12? coats, strictly np to date ia every particalar; s-iz»3 j\ \ \. / 'S
V will be olea*- trinna'n^a ard isininery pr:rpo-e>. inches), ISO the iaiies' si23 t26 for b->T 5 10 :o H veirs; Ss^r q-:i!::ie3 a:<7.5) RW :: »J '•!
J» "j .< 1i^V?V/ e>i '* : " cur ~ l — pcpular t hades are rose, gobna, iacheO. U:ion Tjffeta Silk u the and $10. ' ' -^*-/r-?^- v
j- />» i^5^ i ]/ i collection of caruaal, lavender, gray, light blue, best wearing material that is put into " ' __ . «>#/««•- ««>•,/«=. 'C' / ' tT*™" "5
£ V simply trim- he ir.trope. errant, pink, nodes, etc. nnibrellas; a large variety of handles 'OP OOyS IOT1CJ paTJIS
Sk y ned hats for Th?se gods are ver..- highly finished to ckooae from, !7ch a* si ver tri==i«d. *r ' *•* Su'tS — ne 1^ fall Stjles; \%
J 'y r^T^ immediate aad Lyoa dred. per yard $t»50 horns, natura' wood, d:e3dea, etc. — salterns and color cfe:t5 ia fancy worited3, ca^T'ota, t-»aed3 aad cauiaeraj, •'
wear. Con- Polka Dot PantlB Velvet— hi on Monday while quantity O7 single or dcnble brewted veit; paats cut ia tha latest m»ie. with we'; seams; pro- *5
tf /^^^^"f^^ > sisting of sew coloring seen a3 gob'.in and !ast3 &Mm4£M dnced by fie be»t niikers; perfect ft.turj; aizi% for 13 to 13 years; 'j€
' — Fretci and white dot, re^edi an-i wh:ta dot, navy fiaer grades at §12 50 aai $15. * •*
6 Esg'ish novel- and white dot, white grounds aad "" ° • «J
X ties qni-t, new an<i rot to b* fonad black dot', etc^ per yard $2.OO Baifoy's Patent Ribbed Shawknit Seamless Sooks—S color*— Fiannototto Night Shirts— ;5
! w^^^m l^®5p^i rT- (w r: m £s^*^!^ j
*C Imported h-'gh c ass pattern Hit* Burlap, the b *t mad?, 36 inches wj 'e, i^^v fectlyfit- Fancy Hosiery for men— 2 rairs _ *"• ' 25o "2
ft S21.OO the pri-.ted ones baiag in tne Lion. fl/l, Nsm\ ting mb- 25o ,.'",".' , r-*,",* T'lV A
it* Im^VteiP7tteraHiL«,as!ow *s F enr de L "s and Crova patt-rw in six I ber, tha I/non Underwear - Not th* . K *tlLS > »» po^ar j{
If * $16.00 c>?or». bdtibU for wall or floor covei- ////// 3^*—^ ribbed or me«b, bo: woven garnunta wlthoot shapes— eaca IOo .«
i* Trlinmed Ha'VouV mike, pear of any i 3? . for box coaches and cn3h:on3. reg- W Ijfj corra- seanis, like aay other good ns^erweir; Windsor TlOS— A new lire ia -^
J' $12mOO nary 25c ayarl whici wiSlbecff^rsi ttjeL_^^^^ gated per garment $3mOO stripw and plaila — each- 253 *<J
*_. . i n e tr.?^lB\ &.*V s ~ > v\>. ' V'>\\Vf,*/'7'//7 / //' cr«33ers all over tie coantrv are weanarrijr bs3:a>s3 <5
GnS-QliarteP Off RegUlaP PpICSS. ®^^^Sjm fi 9 e«/fl ?n flB ../5/. pcr ? o-e 3 ; the maker guarantee* then fxs: color, ea^r 5
f Taeyars-.n t-e Rassian jrri.v, £11 v.r go id fi:fh«3, "O^S^ _^jf (f # \^ t>asw/O auap~-UZCm \\\^/*//W//i5 » id comfortable fi:t:ng, a pair of ceffi to even— <*
*T plain "or jeweled, in four s 2J3. fjr miaiatare, card. Vic- ."^-asa*^! /W: V£ 1000 of the 20c bars of fine Ca3tile Soap* 'm'.i/\ P" ce • — - $1»OO «
£ toria aad cahinee picture?. Theyarj tqurp, rouad. oval jfi^syg SH\ fMJlK made ia Marseilles, France, gaaraa- WlilVMiih m~-m* Wr*-U' n r, %/,,#. VJ , . '5
S or oblong. There are many new anirleasar design-, in- »jr^|!fe«\ *^i5? teed to b 2 72 per cent olive oil and M S v ??> ," ff TT »• ? . n Cf - he *^ "*
t fact, the isost bewtifnl coH*ctioa of M^tal Photo Frames 2 l2/|R l«^ ht b 7 n3 at a T 1 «P«ial price black and white s ,ped ,»hatag| eat foD is, , w»sa ,J
S that we h ve ever owned. RegaUr pric^ ran from 75c to gJa»jf* and will be oa special sale iloa- # A Toke Jack. »eaa.a.e oye.Ia?pei aad doeb'e s:itcb«d .5
J» $6.53 each— oa Monday and Tae-diy otu-quarlir cf. ftw»^ ! day on y. per bar idSG throagcoat; an eitraordisarily gocd vale* for t-9 price. 5Q O -^
I «»¦*»,•. oif.Hn. A Dozen Broken Lines Beautiful Silks ?S'* » 'JSSSSS \
f /^ 5 $1.00 A ver y ne assortment of rich and beautiful Silks, of which, however, there is only Jft& ster-fag surer jj
I - * FiouV Saie-Th. En- a limited quantity of each lot, and the color lines of other lots being broken we f|/^ Scofc!? "atJSii -«
£: V^^/ S^ira^'sSfat havedecided to close them all out on iMonday at the uniform price, £££%£* M y-^X io» fi,Ves ' thas :5
5 iS?OJ?lal tiZguaraateeieqna! per yard "l!f f o? "' J^fS 5
v fi.,J L^J \° aayflDur made, on About 150 yards of handsome Siik Crepe?, in shades of cream, lavender, light blue. C§S§f* 6 iIo-day"-_ " 'x
fc l .^^^ M°ck. a L.?" SOff purple, pink and lemon, that sold regularly at $1.75 per yard, on Monday. ,-.'.. «^«Cr 71 03lT> each J *
I Sliced Pineapple- About 75 yards of Polka Dot Crepes, in shades of blue, rose, heliotrope and gray, that sold Qg&ff* se^s^** o£& B i£iv" {5
I V«?S&V S/MSr: e '/Sa rrguUrhat$t.5oayard.o*&*toY f. &&C gSS^|§SS StS J
* \!#fg] Evaporated Apri- About 200 yards of Piqce Velour, fini=he1 like uncut velvet, in solid colors and two-toned effect?; *uch \ §
tt *°X r . ib.?. r .!..?.#SS colorings as lavender, nile, olive, light blue, rose, etc., that sold teguhrly at Si. 73 a yard, &ggg+ Finc snooting, 17c. '-
* New California Figs— 1-ib. pack- Monday «^ v Oa 9pecial gale to . narrov oa j 7> g,^
I SuSar^Srn-G^S^:;;-df° Fancy Waist Silks this seaws newest coloring; in street and evening shades that sold reg- Qg G Wt^f^T™£«£* \
$ tm -7o uhr.yat $1.25, $1.35 and ?i. 5 o per yard, on Monday V. *#«-*** weari2g pre3est -J
I fZZW^^^MMSbl Black and Goloped Peau de Sole and Satin Regance, in a very choice assortment of gK^SgB^ /7c |
tt Coffee -Goden Rale biendi Mindly. 4j colorings, that sold regu'arly at $1.00, $1.10 and $1.23 per yard, and wi'l make up into beaut'ful silk >c
£ ib» ¦ $1'OU dresses, will be offered in connection with the above" lot, on Monday only, per ©J©^» -- / ll°ij # £»SV/ *?
J. Cocoa -Van Eoaten'a, i-lb. tins, Mon- d ' __.&&& EtiamdeU SCU3. $
? ni a7 'b/"""wh v *k*"— ¦ R ; We have 20 sample enameled •£
g Ag r o#dqnaitv.^i"qaart S ChUdpen's Garments. Black Dress Goods. Eton Caps, 13c. Beds (no two alike) all of them :;
at bottles, ilon- -,• jfil rili( , . t . ln , 50-inch Camel's Hair Cheviot- v „ ,., T fuI1 3ze » extra beav 7 oeCs, %
»* d»r 5OC JlKs. Ch *%? at £Z All w.ol streak and sponged, verv F ° r ¥ r l e °^ o =r^>^ heavily enameled, with elegant -$
I^S^^^PSSI -bfle^ M. fash:o 2 able fcr street wea P r4^» T^^N b«88 trimming all of themtato J
I S^$**@& xS.,C 5gJ*ES C^fe 52:inchPebbleChevioT17"4fS &^SSfJSl patterns, which we offer for this |
J Sweet Wines-Ange;- fefe* K^ eiJrt dNS? ui or . mt fabric, a b.«tif*i e<r*. f^^™ Sd /f^>?\ week at tf/fcrJ or «»/* /rss /&2if $
5 ira. Tokay or Madeira, 1^,^^ '."¦ ->hiuakand sro g-d-p*ryard.5/.5O " J5 J/f t ;„ fi- hV) rezutir pTUeS. X
£ 6 y3ar, o'd. oar$1.5) C=-P SjrSffiS 44-inch Silk Pierold-Tae most ?T. gQl J!f! " &&£&>' J2D eaanieled B^ ? , th: 3 week.^/3.50 5
?. qai.ity. M-ndav. cer cUlon S4o "#^ir Va 7P A O?\ fasbionab e nare:ty b aek dress fabric ;{ «J«i.t', 9V »r,- » $22^0 esaneled Bcia. tha waek jt
£ Holland Gin-Fall quarts, ibndiv.... &5.G3 /}»3l\ in tha season, in 10 exqi ait. deaipn worth reguUr.y 2>c api ee. -^ * _ $15.66 'j
K -6SC Chldre^'s new (-ill'i/V-k —per yard $2.0O are oga.ed 10 -.. $25 easn9!ed Bedi thia week,S»7.S0 '«
5 o « . — * styleal-woDl VVsS^XNig .- — — {») e=a=e ed Be^3, this wesk.52O.OO X
% spectai sale of cheviot dres- .V/ \ u^j Carpet Remnant Notions* j35e-.n =a vdBd%th3wwk.525.oo *
I v e /oc/p e ,fe w^ons , -latent -0 \}^ s a i e This Week.
* 4- a-? "1"" 'ects, silk s Twenty-live percent off reg- Mcke'ed Safety Pu». all sixes, dossaJo Cobbler Seat Rocker-Soid goldea f
% \ Toucan lined wahti.rrown.b!ne.jcray or caa- ular prices, on a collection ? % L S ck . Pui^ l ff ?ei Sj, i °Sr**if2 oak. high baek. aai araa, fancy tx-n J
I i Sy o"e n of §& g a » M 10 ' g « d 14 a O of hundreds of handsome pieces "nJld^/eYct^SS '? iad:e3 - "^ *™ S |
£ J \ I *^ bOy3> Children's Gloth'Dresses,' upward from of carpets, ranging from 15 to 50 Co: S: erf S idea. f« dress trteaia^6o HaTl HaVR7ck-io7iT^M« oik. 6 |
E jm^^^m»^JL\ w>i $2.5O yards each, Tape3try, Bm3Sels, Waving Irons, o proags eaca .15?: feet6 inchea high, has 12x15 inch '1
* /ll^i^-C^ \Vcci ' Children^ fins white, lawn aprons. yoke 3 Velvet?, Axmin.ners, etc. Bring ¦^ CO -°.^ Z T > \^ i:"":::7S French plate mirror, box aeiS and oa- Ij
i $?W.g. Ee3t!j henititched ' Sg23 4 t0 6^° r "««« i//HJ.S»/ft N «!oi pi"! - !..:.^. ?:25O b:e V a ltta * "^ ?r: " $ i?> gj S
I TO^ffllrLt Ghiip^la^^-p^S gig|^S|i^S T^ S^ aCiWii? l}?!^^J Gfeco^n^c^S 5
J. T5fr^^\W want it . yoke with heaiJtitchsd tacks, agi no stair effect*, for....?.. .56o upho stsrad ia pretty fljored aad puua j{
' JQ/ now, yon 6 years 75o 92c bes: grade 10-wire Tapes trie . for mm U4~-S~K- Er~~C.-~~~ Cjrdoroys a=d Teloars -exfa good b ? - ,;
}C will prob- . .. .7 675O BUlteriCk FaShlOnS to s'en=g», worth $16o0, oasa!e tha .*
I eLi ¦; g^gg Ladies . Gowns -Hes, 7 . i0! , r Sl^ A-in.ter Crpet,, b««if ol p^ , kb f ? c!ar p^aticx _=«. b. uth^r"? |
I at these exceptionally low price*, . extra wile urn ¦.rallanoar.ee asdc n-ter %j^^ 9x9 tee' "for S7.2O ?J!&41, •«! 'p«« » ?SwS'S *' k»K sw. 1 front, neatly ca^d. weLi *
$ *J&mtt^£&S?tt of tucks and h.mUi.chin. an extra fiS^ii^J?^S^MU^ SttS^Sl\^£S£SS^ made and finked, worth gj^ S
2* $12*50,315***917.50 . va ue..... 5OC Carret DeDartment-Second Floor. Main Floor, back of Rotunda. sa'.e taia week $25,00 ft
ADVEBTISE2EENT.S.
INTERESTING, IF TRUE
Yen Czn. Try It for Yourself and
Prove It.
O-e fraln cf the active principle En Stu-
art's Dyspepsia Tablets wlli digest 30X>
grains cf meat, eggs or ether wholesome
food, ar.d this claim has been proven by
£ct:iai experiment which any one can per- !
ions, fcr r.:rr.sel* in the foUotring m-ar.ner;
Cut hard boiled t?g ir.to very snail pieces,
cs it wcu'd be if masticated, place the egg
s.r.d twe cr three of the tablets in a bcttle
cr *ar containing warm water heated to
6* <Je?re<rs (the temperature of the body/
and kc*p it at this temperature for three
ar.<i cr.e-half hours, at the end of wl^ch
tim«- the egg wiii be as completely dlgest-
f*i as it would have beec in the heeithv
Stomach cf a hungry hoy.
The pcirt of this experiment 1? that
what Stuart's Dysyessia Tablets will do
to KtM egg in th» bcttle it w.ll do to The
*gg cr meat In the stomach and nothing
else w'll rest and invigorate the stomach
co safely and effectually. Even a little
child cslT. taie Stuart's Tablets with
r&'f.'y and ber.e^t if its digestion Is weak
ar.i th» thousands of cures accomplished
ty their regular daily us? are easily ex-
plained when it is ur.derstood that they
tre ccrr.pcsed cf vegetable essences, asep-
tic pepsin, diastase and Golden S«-al.
which mingles with the food and digest
It thoroughly, giving the overworked
ttoms.eh a chance to recuperate.
Dieting never cures dyspepsia, neither
Co pills e.r.<i cathartic medicines, which
eirrpiy Irritate and in2ame the inttstlr.es. I
When enough food is eaten 2nd promptly
digested there will be no constipation, nor
In fact will there b« disease cf any kind i
tecauei gc<xl digestion means good health !
In every crgan.
The Dcrlt end success of Stuart'* Dys-
pepsU. Tablets are world wide and they
are scli *t the moderate price cf 50 cts.
ioz full •'.zed pacicage In every drug store I
hi the United States and Canada, as well
is la Bsrop«L
Fcr the Infumiatten cf those Interested
A little beck will te mailed free by ad-
dressing F A. Stuart Co.. Marshall. Mich.,
rlvtr.g briefly tba s>-mptcia« of the various
forms cf stcmach weaknesa, causes and
cere.
NoMore Dread of theDental Chair
TEETH EXTRACTED AN*T> FIIi.ED AB-
«0LVTELY WITHOCT PAIN, by our late sci-
«=tlic method «.r;'.i*<l to th« g-^nt. No *Ieey-
pr-xlucln*' arent or eoc&i-».
Tfcw« ere the DBty carters In S»a
Frir-cireo having PATENTKD APPL.IAXCES
mrA mgrefiiect* to exirs.-'. f.:i an! apply pcld
crcwti* asJ porcelain crr-K-ns UT^ietectafcle from
r«tT:r»J t*«tli. ±zud wsrrsr.:^ lor ten years.
WITHOVT THE LEAST PAIN. Fi*l set of
teeth, U: » perfect f.t ruaraateed or r.o par.
Odd crown*. J5. Gcli £lii=r«. tl. Silver fl:i-
!r.f^Me. Al! wsrk ficce by GRADUATE DEN-
TISTS cf frota U to 20 ye»r»* ex^«rJence. aad
•&ch department !a charge of a «j>eelal!«t. Give
cs a call, and yoa wJU *=d ms to do *xact!jr u
w« advertise. W* wUl t»ll yea in arfvaree ex-
act!? what ycur work will cost by a FHEZ EX-
AMINATION.
RB PLATES fiilSU
New York Dental Parlors,
723 Market Street.
£AN FRANCISCO.
MAIN OFFICE PJ^LAN"*. O P .
BJtCCH SEATTLE. "WASH
VIN MARIANI
MARIANI VflKE— W03L9 FAUOUS TONIC
Recc==:et:2e4 tirccrtout tfce world by tfce
Medical Profession asS fiurisr tfclrty-ilx years
proactineed th* nio«t reliable. eSectlre asfl
&xreea.!:!e tocSc and rtlinclast.
AH DrurT-iU. Refuse Eabstitutes.
0t\ MEN
Vzi&fZaa LOST VIGOR
(p&^y*! restored:
SPi^u oa. cooper & ca.,
Weak Men and Women
SHOULD t-'SE UAMIANA BITTERS. THE
great Mexican z~rr.eiy; rivet bealtb and
KTGjrJi to »tT-a> uxajis. Z>*7Ct, 23 UuttL
THE EMPOBXTTM.
, THE EMPOBITTIf.
TH K T r "M"yf)7t j \f 3T.
THR EMPOETITM.
THE TTMT>f>n.f Ufty.Cecil Mark, president of the Board of Education,
says that no teachers have been elected to the School
Department during his tenure of office. He is prob
ntily approaching the opinion of everybody else that
the women he has smuggled into the department were
never elected in any reputable sense of the word.
The plogan of the campaign is: "Down with the
calamity makers; let no Bryanite escape/
(Hanford Sentinel.)
The Bakersfleld Callfornlan gives a col
umn in praise of J. J. Valentine and his.
anti-war screed. The Callfornlan should
punch Old Feb. Fourteenth up to paying
his .revenue tax and make a patriot out of
him. Valentine Is about as good an Amer
ican as is a Hottentot. When his com
pany gets. robbed he will want the United
States army ordered out to hunt the
thieves." :". ;
"punch for valentine.
NEW YORK. Oct. 6.— Colonel Ambrose
Buckley of San Francisco is ¦ at the Im
perial. F. G. Sanborn of San Francisco
is at the Netherlands. Adam H. Monat
of Fresno Is at the Victoria.
CALIFORNIANS IN NEW YORK.
CAXIFORNIAU-S TN WASHINGTON
WASHINGTON, Oct. 6.— Mr. and Mrs.
M. Brown, Miss J. H.. Brown, Mr. and
Mrs. M. Yanz and John Sanborn of San
Francisco are at the Raleigh.
Such success achieved in the face of great compe
tition is an evidence that the crowding of the field in
any department of American activity does not mean
the suppression of an existing enterprise whose man
agers are capable of keeping up with the times. Com
petition has no other effect than that of stimulating
men to stronger, higher and better efforts. Those who
shrink from such efforts are crowded out, but others
advance and flourish. Collier's' Weekly, there/ore,
serves as a very good object lesson in the way of en
couragement to enterprising men, not only in journal
ism, but in all lines of business. There is ample de
mand in" the United States for anything of high ex
cellence, and those who can produce it. have nothing
to complain of in the present or to fear in the future.
In studying the improvement of the illustrated
weeklies of the United States no better example can
be taken than "Collier's Weekly," a comparatively
new enterprise, but one which has already made itself
familiar to cultured readers in all parts of the civilized
world. In its letterpress, its illustrations, its cartoons,
its editorials, and, in short, in all departments of its
work, it ha3 accomplished a genuine triumph, and
Americans can with satisfaction compare It with. the
best weeklies of the foremost literary and artistic na
tions of the globe. ;".£?[£
WHEN the daily newspapers of the country be
gan to illustrate the news by pictures of a high
order of merit it was believed by many persons
that weekly illustrated papers would soon be driven
from the field. The expectations would have been ful
filled had the weeklies contented themselves with their
existing standard of literature and illustration. Those
that did not improve have been driven from the field,
but a considerable number of them advanced with
advancing dailies and have kept the favor and sup
port of the public. In fact, one or two new publica
tions of the kind entered the contest, and by reason
of wide-awake, energetic and skillful management
succeeded in making themselves known among the
foremost periodicals of the country.
THE WEEKLY PRESS.
Somebody must have invited the iceman to the ses
sion of National Democratic clubs at Indianapolis.
From a promised attendance of 100,000 enthusiasts to
5000 frostbitten citizens is a shrinkage worthy of note.
It will be seen from that statement that the silver
question is as important now as it was in. 1896. The
election of Bryan ..would be accompanied by the elec
tion of a Democratic House of Representatives, and,
In discussing the subject in a recent address at the
opening of the Republican campaign in Iowa Sena
tor Allison began by pointing out that there arc to be
elected this winter a Senator in Kansas, Nebraska,
Wyoming, Colorado, Montana, Utah and- Idaho, and
that if Bryan carry those States it is almost sure the
Bryanites will control their Legislatures and elect
their Senators. He then went on to say:
' "The currency law of the last session was passed
by eighteen majority. Senator Kyle of South Da
kota, being absent and unpaired, did not vote, though
having a consistent free silver record in the Senate.
Senators Lindsay of Kentucky and Caffery of Loui
siana go out of the Senate on the 4th of March, and
both their places have already been filled by Sena
tors who favor free silver. So that by that process
the majority of eighteen would be reduced on a simi
lar vote to fourteen, and standing off Utah against
Pennsylvania (both these States having a seat vacant),
if the' six Senators from the States I have named ex
cept Utah shall be Democratic, the Republican major
ity in the Senate will be reduced to two, and if Sena
tor Kyle should vote for free silver, as he has always
done heretofore, the Senate would be a tie on that
question, leaving the Vice President to cast the de
ciding vote, which he is pledged by his record, by
the platform and by speech to cast in favor of free
silver. The Democratic Senator from Delaware voted
for free silver, and if the Democrats shall carry that
State, where there is now one vacancy, it is fair to
suppose that the Senator elected would be for free
silver also."
ONCE more a warning has been given to the
American people of the menace of Bryanism
to the finances of the country. It comes this
time from Senator Allison, one of the most conserva
tive and thoughtful statesmen of the country. He is
not a man who speaks without duly weighing his
words. He is not an alarmist. He is known to be a
sincere as well as an able man, and the intelligence of
the country cannot.be indifferent to his warning that
if Bryan be elected we shall have to confront all the
dangers involved in the free coinage of silver. .. .
SENATOR ALLISON'S WARNING.
Horses, when asleep, always have ons
ear pointed forward. The object evidently
is to hear sounds indicating dansror
whether they come from the front or from
t n o r g *i r ,
The Oakland woman who allowed a girl to die
rather than remove her gossiping tongue from a tele
phone ought to make a good subject for the Judge, of
a criminal court.
Special information supplied daily to
business houses and public men by the
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's). 510 Mont
gomery st. Telephone Main 1042. •
Townsend's California glace fruits, BOo
a pound. In fire-etched boxes or JaD bas
kets. 633 Market. Palace Hotel building.*
FOREIGN NAMES— N. N.. City. Tahoe
is pronounced Ta-ho, with the sound of a
as in far and o in note: Taku is pro
nounced Ta-koo, with the sound of a as
In father: Tientsin is pronouncea Te-en
tsen, each e being pronounced as e m
meat: Chefu is generally written Chefoo
Bometimes Chefo, and is pronounced Che
fo, with e sounded as e in meat and o
in move. Philippine is pronounced either
Fll-ip-pen or JFil-Ip-pln. Taku, at the
NO SUCH DECISION-A. R. T.C.. Oak
land, Cal. In 1SS5 . a mob attacked the
Chinese quarter in one of the northern
counties of California and there arose
suits for the recovery of damages to prop
erty. In connection with that matter,
there never was a decision by the Supreme
Court, State or Federal, to the effect that
/'the Chinese were not entitled to dam
ages, because they had no rights that
white men were bound to respect."
MILES— A. S., City. The English mile
is 17G0 yards: Scotch, 1984; Irish, 2240; Ger
man, 8106; Dutch and Prussian. 64S0; Ital
ian, 1766; Vienna (post mile). 8296: Swiss
9153; Swedish and Danish, 7341^; Arabian
2143; Roman, 1628 or 2025; Tuscan, 1S03-
Turkish, 1826. and Flemish. 6869. The eng
lish mile is that recognized In Ireland, but
occasionally some of the old time miles
are referred to.
CLIMATE-N. N., City. The climate of
Tientsin is: Maximum of heat In summer.
106: maximum of cold. 6 below zero. As
you did not designate any part of the
Philippines about climate (the islands
cover an area of 960 by 650 miles), will
state that at Manila, on the island of Lu
zon, the average temperature throughout
the year is nearly 82.
TAR HEELS— G. "W. J., City. "Tar
Heels" was a name applied during th«
civil war to the soldiers from North Caro
lina, because they came from the pineries.
It was said that having tar on their
heels when called into action they would
hold their ground, as the tar would make
them stick.
COLVILLE RESERVATION— C, San
Lucas, Cal. The most direct way to reach
Colville reservation from San Lucas is to
come to San Francisco, go by steamer to
Seattle, then by rail to Spokane and from
there by rail and stage to the reserva
tion.
NOT A PREMIUM COIN-Reader.
Davisville, Cal. A $10 gold piece of 1S31
Is not one of the coins for which dealers
offer a premium. The market value of
such; may be gauged by the fact that
dealers offer to sell them at prices vary
ing from $12 50 to $15.
TRAIN ROBBERY— H. K. B.. City.
The overland train was robbed by Jack
Brady and others of $50,000 on the Yolo
side, near Sacramento, October 11, 1S34.
Part of the stolen money was found by
a tramp who was taken in charge by of
cers August 23, 1S95.
CALL'S HOME STUDY— A. TV. M.. Ir
vlnprton, Cal. The serifs of Home Study
In The Call commenced October 16. 1S3S.
For papers of the several dates containing
such address the business manager of The
Call.
SMUGWUMPS-WHALEBACKERS — O.
W. J.. City. There are no people of the
United States that are or have been des
ignated by the nicknames Smugwumps or
"Whalebackers.
I
local board at the postofflce and secure an
application blank, at which time he will
be given all the information as to the
time, place and character of examination.
mouth of the river Pelho, is distant from
Tientsin about twenty-five miles.
Dr. John Gallagher, formerly official au
topsy burgeon in this city, after spending
two years In the New York clinics has
sailed for Europe, where he will spend a
year between tho clinics of Vienna and
London.
Major Thomas Cruse, quartermaster of
United States Volunteers, Is registered at
the Occidental. He is en route to Manila,
whither he will sail on the transport Lea
lanaw.
Jud R. Rush of Los Angeles, the well
known Democratic campaigner. Is a guest
at the California Hotel.
\j r S. Upson, a prominent hardware mer
chant of Sacramento, Is a guest at the
Occidental.
R. M. Burgess of Concord, a well-known
mining man and land owner, Is at the Oc
cidental.
Dr. L. R. Ivo Lande, a prominent Los
Angeles physician, Is a guest at the
Grand.
Former Senator A. J. McCone and wife
of Virginia City are at the Occidental
Hotel.
Professor Burt Estes Howard of Stan
ford University is registered at the
Grand.
A. M. Fox, a leading mining man of Ore
gon, Is registered at the' Grand.
Dwight Ilollister. the well-known Court
land rancher, is at the Grand.
Lieutenant R. Heintze' of the German
army is registered at the Palace Hotel. .
PERSONAL MENTION.
Of the prosperity of the State there is no doubt It
is said the increase of deposits in the Kansas banks
since the doleful days of 1896 has been more than
$25,000,000. Mortgages representing many millions
have been satisfied. It is roughly estimated that the
wheat crop of this year is worth $60,000,000. The
value of livestock has almost doubled since 1896. The
combined value of livestock and agricultural products
has increased in the period to the extent of $112,958,
207. The yield of the wheat fields in certain Kansas
counties this year has been almost incredibly enor
mous. The Topeka Capital says that the combined
value of the last three wheat crops of Sumner County
equals the value of all the farm land in the county.
The yield this j-ear is estimated at $4,500,000, or an
average of $1000 for every family. If townspeople be
excluded the money yield would be. $2000 for each
family. The Capital exultingly asks: "Where is there
another spot on earth where 2000 farmers in three suc
ccssive years raised $12,000,000 worth of wheat alone?"
Upon that showing Kansas ought to be counted as
surely in the list of Republican States. The Bryanites,
however, are working hard, and as Ingalls has said,
you cannot tell the Kansas of November by the Kan
sas of October. One thing appears evident — the men
who stayed at home two years ago can have a ride to
the polls this year if they feel like it.
Bryanites believe the 47,000 voters who stayed at
home two years ago ure Bryanites who were over
confident. They have faith that this year that goodly
host of citizens will go to the polls and vote for
Bryan, who stands for both Democracy and Populism.
On the other hand Republicans are convinced that
calamity has ceased to be attractive in Kansas, and
that those who contented themselves with abstaining
from voting for the howlers two years ago will this
time come out and vote against them.
It wiil be remembered that John James Ingalls once
said: "Kansas is the most variegated bundle of con
tradictions that the world has ever known. When it
is hot in Kansas the mercury in the thermometer
vaporizes in the rube; when it is cold it seeks the in
ncrmost recesses of the bulb; when it is dry Sahara
is an oasis in comparison; when it is wet Kansas be
comes web-footed. And yet, through all her vicissi
tudes, through all her discouragements, through all
the unpleasant experiences that seem by fate to fa 1 !
to the Kansas lot, our name from the first has been
E!i, and we have got there at last. Kansas can prom
ise more in June and pay less in August, and promise
less in August and pay more in October, than any
ether State in the Union. I am here in Kansas be
cause I want to be. I think, if I were not a Kansas
man, I would be born again and become one."
The uncertainty concerning the stay-at-home voters
of 1898 is made the more confusing by reason of the
fact that almost everything in Kansas is uncertain.
For example. Mrs. Mary Ellen Lease, whom every
body expected to see move on from one point of
radicalism to another, has turned conservative and is
supporting the party of protection and prosperity.
So also ex-Senator Pcfler has ceased shouting calam
ity and is going to vote against everybody who does.
The interest in the contest lies in the fact that Kan
sas is changeable. Bryan's plurality in 1896 was
J3,5O9. In 1898 the State gave Stanley, the Republi
can candidate for Governor, a plurality of 15.870, in a
total vote of 288,177. The total vote cast in the Presi
dential contest of 1896 v.as 335.°39t so that 47,465
voters were not at the polls in 189S. An element of
uncertainty exists as to the attitude of these 47»ooo
voters in the present campaign.
ONE of the interesting features of the Presi
dential contest is the fight in Kansas. Both
sides claim the State as a "certainty," but just
the same both sides rre making the canvass with as
much vigor as if there were nothing sure except the
voting.
THE CONTEST IN KfJNSflS.
Canto of the Princess Tennyson wrote:
Thy face across his fancy coraes
And gives the battle to his hand3;
A moment, while the trumpets blow.
He sees his broo<l about thy knee;
The next like fire he meets the foe
And strikes him dead for thine and theel
In the soliloquy -with -which Paolo closes
act II we have this inverted:
A drum!
Oh. there 13 still a world for man!
I'll lose her face In flashing brands, her
voice
In charging cries; I'll rush Into the war.
Again. In the "Ancient Mariner" Cole
ridge wrote: •
The sun's rim dips: the stars rush out;
At one stride conies the dark; —
With this compare Paolo's exclamation
(act III) on leaving Pulci's shop:
Unbar the door! How the night rushes
In!—
Where the whole force of the line (and
'tis a forceful one) depends upon the uso
of the very same word which Coleridgo
uses to describe the same phenomenon.
Yet the following, so far as I know. Is
entirely original: It is. to my thinking, tho
roost beautiful thing In the whole play
beautiful as Keats'
There Is a budding morrow In midnight.
And introduced with a dramatic skill of
which Keats (whose Apollo talks like an
hysterical schoolgirl) was quite incapabie:
FRAXCESCA.
How still It Is!
NITA.
This Is the stillest time of night or day
FRANCESCA.
Know you why, NIta?
NITA.
No. my lady.
FRAXCESCA.
Now
Day in a breathless passion kisses night
And neither speaks.
It was one of Schopenhauer's favorite
sayings (I think I have quoted it before
in another connection) that everything has
been duly praised, everything has been
duly cursed, and that the only things left
are questions of style. To those who have
a tolerable acquaintance with the great
poets this saying of the sage of Frank
fort comes as a home truth whenever they
pick up a book 0* modern verse; the best
things have all been said In the best way.
and mest of them are merely being said
over again In a poorer •way. Sometimes
the thought is inverted; sometimes it is
paraphrased; sometimes It la uncon
sciously echoed. Curious instances of the
first and third of these methods are to b«
found in even so original a work as Mr.
Phillips' play, "Paolo and Franceses" (re
viewed last Sunday). Thus, In the fourth
* • . •
To illustrate. When the actors of the
Comedie Francaise visit L»ondon It is rare
to find in their repertoire plays by
any other than French authors. When
a. German company visits London— as will
the company of the Deutsches Theater
next month— we find in their repertoire
plays by the great writers of the world —
Shakespeare, Goethe, BJornson, Heine,
L^ssing, Ibsen. Schiller, JIauptmann, Su
dermann and Echegaray. Here are rep
resented by their very best England, Ger
many, Norway and Spain. In this illus
trious roll we notice the omission of
writers but from one important nation —
yet this is precisely the one you cannot
afford to omit In such a classification—
France.
srer of thinking that they can learn noth
ing from foreign literatures; if they insist
upon walking down that road they are
bound to land in the prison of Provincial
ism. Germany, since the Franco-Prussiaji
war, has. happily for - herself, shown a
catholic desire to familiarize herself with
the best that has been thought and said in
the drama of the world.
SO much in the way of evil report comes from
Italy it is gratifying to have an authentic state
ment of facts showing that the nation and the
people are rapidly improving in their conditions, that
evil is diminishing and good increasing, and that
while far from being prosperous the Italians are never
theless making rapid strides toward prosperity and
all that it implies. Such a statement is furnished by
Salvatore Cortesi in the current number of the Inter
national Monthly. It supplies ample reason for the
sanguine hopes of Italian patriots that their country
will soon be rid of some of the heaviest of its bur
dens, and that its improvement will go torward with
increasing rapidity.
Cortesi recalls attention to the fact that it is only
thirty years since Italy became a united nation and
that it is not fair to judge the Italian people by the
standards of others who for a long time have had the
advantages of an independent national government.
He admits that wages are low and that in many places
extreme poverty exists. Thus he notes that in cer
tain localities the peasants cat only chestnuts, many
workingmen have to work from fourteen to sixteen
hours a day; some of the men receive only twelve
cents a day, while the women get but four cents.
Moreover, he says the Italian people pay higher taxes
than any other, amounting altogether to $437,000,000
per annum, which makes an average of $15 for each
inhabitant, while there is a public debt averaging $95
for each citizen, not to speak of city debts and mort
gages on private lands, which amount to over $1,400,
000,000. To these conditions of distress he attributes
most of the crimes of the people, which he admits are
of truly an alarming number. .
Conceding such evils, Cortesi points out there is
another side to the picture. During the last twenty
five years the railway lines have increased threefold
and now cover atout 10,000 miles. Public primary
schools, which in 1870 were 32,384, with about 1,000,
000 pupils, now exceed 60,000, with more than 3,000,
000, while the average of illiterates has fallen to about
40 per cent. Along with those improvements there
has been a marked increase in manufacturing indus
try and in commerce. It is noted that the trade of
Genoa, which in 1870 yielded customs and port duties
amounting to $2,500,000, has so much augmented that
the amount yielded in 1899 was in excess of
$20,000,000.
Wise sanitary laws and the generally improving
conditions of the people have brought down the death
rate in Rome from 41.8 per thousand in 1872 to 15.1
in 1899. Other large cities of the kingdom show an
equal betterment in that respect. Finally it is noted
that with the increasing prosperity and improved
healthfulness there has come a higher intellectual de
velopment and self-respect. There are fewer beggars
than there were of old, and those that remain are
mainly in the poorer and less advanced districts of the
south.
Taking all things into consideration the writer says
no other nation in Europe, even among the most
learned, rich and civilized, has obtained in so short a
time more satisfactory results. He concludes by say
ing: "Historic traditions, climate, education and
heredity are conducive to the lack in the Italians oi
certain qualities which the Anglo-Saxons and Ger
mans possess, such as patience, calm tenacity and a
spirit, of association or combination, but they have
instead vivacity, adaptability, intellectual acuteness
and a less inclination to alcoholism. Such natural
gifts should be sufficient for their complete renais
sance."
THE NEW ITALY.
From the number of "good Democrats" who are re
fusing to support Bryan it would seem that in bygone
years the old party had more virtue in it than it ever
showed in public any signs of possessing.
Men of the type of Carl Schurz and Bourke
Cockran, who are supporting Bryan because of their
opposition to "imperialism," overlook the fact that
Bryan as President would have less power to aban
don the Philippines than to overthrow the gold stan
dard. As The Call has repeatedly, pointed out, the
Southern Democrats are almost unanimously in fa
vor of retaining the islands, and their representatives
in Congress are all for free silver. Thus free coinage
is more vitally involved in the contest than is im
perialism. Bryan may dodge the issue before the
people, but he is known to be almost a fanatic on the
silver coinage proposition, and were he to become
President he would care little about the Philippine
question in comparison with that of overthrowing
what he calls "the cross of gold."
with the Senate under control of men who would act
wijh the Bryanites on the silver question, even if they
were opposed on everything else, it would be in the
power of Bryan to at once force silver coinage and
precipitate financial ruin upon the country. ;
THE Chinese trouble is widely known to have
originated in the popular objection to the intro
duction of a new religion. Though the objec
tionable happened to be Christian, yet it is probable
the same opposition would have appeared against any
creed that was an equally wide departure from the
Chinese philosophy.
The Christian nations have been generally agitated
by the opposition and the outrages it has produced.
It may, however, be questioned whether any of those
has the right to make faces at China. All continental
Europe has had its turn at blood-letting in religious
warfare, and England was not behind. Her Stuart
dynasty, Catholic and Protestant, kept the headsman's
ax and the stake busy for many years in the work of
spreading one or the other form of faith, and men
and women were numbered among the victims. The
Puritans were persecuted into exile and as soon as
they were established in New England proceeded to
take it out of the religious hides of the Quakers,
Papists and others who strayed within their pious
power.
In this country we do not need to hark back to
ancient days for examples of the same spirit that has
set up shambles in many Chinese towns.
Mormon missionaries within the last year have been
clubbed out of a half-dozen States and would have
been killed had they stood upon the order of their
gcing.
Fresher still is the persecution of the disciples of
Jchn Alexander Dowie. Dowie is probably a pious
fraud and may be doing harm to people who have but
little sense. But an incarnation of the fool-killer is
necessary sometimes, and if this New Zealander is no
more than that he may be doing something useful.
There is no evidence that his cult comes within the
list of immoral doctrines. He professes to cure dis
ease by miracle and certainly has the advantage of the
testimony of a great many people who thought they
were ill, took his treatment and now think they are
well. Suppose some stubborn ones, that were really
ailing, have died in his establishment, it is their af
fair.
On the face of his proceedings there does not ap
pear any valid reason for setting dogs on him or for
pursuing his "elders" with hue and cry. The world's
experience has proved beyond dispute that persecu
tion will establish even error, while it is sure to be a
good thing for truth. Christianity ,would probably
have died in its cradle if the Romans had not perse
cuted its believers. Persecution begot in them the
spirit of resistance and the inspiration of martyrdom.
When many have died for a faith its career is assured,
and the persecuted faith finally overcame the great
empire that had smitten it, and led the Roman world
captive to its altars.
Empirical cults and creeds have flourished under
martyrdom. Mormonism never became formidable
until Joseph Smith was murdered by a mob in Carth
age jail. After that his people were strong to conquest
the wilderness and build the most powerful theocracy
of modern times.
Unmindful of these examples the people of Mans
field, Ohio, have turned Boxers against the Dowieites.
Three times recently they have mobbed them, and as
a final act of barbarism caught two of the elders, and.
tearing off their clothing, first mauled them mellow
and then poured soft tar on them from head to heel.
In this plight they were marched through the streets
of that most Christian city, and when rescued by the
police it took hours, by use of all sorts of solvents and
detergents, to get the tar out of their hair and hides
before they could be shipped out of harm's way.
Why should we blame the Chinese for objecting to
the propagation, in their midst, of a new faith when
our own people show exactly the same instinct, and,
in ?ome respects, in the same way?
Xot only are the Dowieites and the Mormons sub
ject to these attacks, for the same spirit seems to have
found new victims in the Dunkards. Now the
Dunkards, of all people, are the most moral, upright
and harmless. They usually live in neighborhoods
where they constitute the majority, and are fine farm
ers and good citizens. They are pedo-baptists, or
feet washers, and take bean soup for the Lord's Sup
per. A few days after the affair at Mansfield a
Dunkard preacher who had delivered an address in a
schoolhouse near Goshen, Ind., was set upon, mobbed
and beaten and pelted with rotten eggs-.
Really it would seem that our foreign missionaries
would better be recalled from abroad and put at teach
ing some Christian courtesy and common decency to
certain of our people at home.
OUR DOMESTIC BOXER.
ACTORS CONDEMNED TO HORSE PLAY
Germany stands undoubtedly to-day the
first country of the world in the arts of
music and war and in the science of phil
osophy (strange collocation!). Moreover,
unless Franco bestirs herself her rival will
soon wrest from her that pre-eminent
place In the art of the drama which she
has held so easily for the last two hun
dreti and fifty years. The French, for all
their amazing excellence, are so convinced
that they have the best of everything in
their own country that. they are in dan-
M- Emll Friend has a charming little
article in the October Cosmopolitan, en
titled "Some New Members of the Come
dlft Francaise," which should be read by
all v.ho do not realize what organization
can do for the drama. His closing lines
contain a judgment so just and so un
usual that they will bear quoting in full:
"The work of these plastic and Inflnltely
lmpressivo artists has led to the discov
ery that Madame Bernhardt's art fs a
violent and a distorted one: that she has
shocking affectations, mistaken a quarter
of a century ago for manifestations of
genius, and that her violer.ee her brusque
ness, approximate vulgarity. And M.
Guitry (compared with M. Claretie's
young men) is as turgid and mechanical
as M. Rostand's drama."
• • •
When comes that happy day when some
American millionaire shall wake up to a
realization of ihe monstrous waste im
plied in "John Drew as Richard Carvel"
and shall give us an Endowed Theater
where such waste "would never be toler
ated?
We may be sure that Mr. Drew values
such success at precisely its true worth
nothing.
If It bq true that misery loves company,
San Francisco need not grieve alone —
good material is being wasted In New
York also. When it was announced that
John Drew was to play Richard Carvel,
all who know the book and the man must
have felt a thrill of sympathy for the
unlucky actor. That sympathy Is needed,
as witness this paragraph from the pen
of Mr. Norman ITapgood (Bookman for
October):"* * • The interest lent by the
wide circulation of the novel is Increased
by the novelty of seeing one of our best
actors of society and comedy drama fixing
himself up as a wooden hero, tossing
about common humanity and thwarting
villains. John Drew plays the part with
infinitely more art than is usually wasted
on such material. His first entrance alone,
superbly graceful, is worth more than the
play entire. His skill throughout enables
him to carry oft the rhodornontade as if
he had no conception how absurd it Is.
His sti iking intellectual face, with mobile
clearness picturing every hint of thought
or feeling that the dummy situations
offered, made me wonder how he valued
such success."
Such plays have been far too numerous
on our local stage during the past month.
The Alcazar has been the chief sinner,
but the Grand Opera-house has run it a
close second. Relieved from active compe
tition by the departure of Mr. Miller's
company from. the Columbia, the manag
ers of these theaters would have but fol
lowed the plainest dictates of common
sense by putting on their very best plays
at this time. They would thus have se
cured a fair proportion of that public
which cheerfully paid between $75,000 and
JS0.000 in ten weeks for the privilege of
f-eoinK Mr. Miller's repertoire. Instead of
this, they have given us in this" time but
one play — "The Masqueraders" — that
could draw to their theaters the class of
people that it is best worth a manager's
while to cater to. They have been put
ting artists like Miss Van Buren, Mr. Rey
nolds, Mr. Montaine and Mr. Howard Hall
into roles unworthy of a ten-twenty-thirty
combination. What a waste of good ma
terial!
FEW .things can be more discouraging
to an actor of ability and ambition
than to find himself cast for parts
that tend to degrade rather than to
uplift him In his profession— parts
that are stuffed with horse-play to excite
the vacant laughter of the ignorant or
with eentimentalism to stir the silly sym
pathy of the neurotic. Yet every actor,
even If he be at the very top of his pro
fession, has at times to endure the in
fliction of such parts and in' so doing ho
will suffer the more keenly in proportion
as his ideals are high. ¦ The public alone
can help him and they can do this most
effectively by staying away from plays of
the class described.
BY L DU PONT SYLE.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, OCTG^njit * j , ivvy.
MADEMOISELLE LECONTE OP THE COMEDIE FRANCAISE. WHOSE
PORTRAYAL. OF THE ROLE OF "MIMI" IN MTJRGER'S "LA VIE
DE BOHEME" IS A DECIDED REVELATION.
ANSWERS TO CORRESPONDENTS.
NO PRIZE OFPERED-B.. Round
Mountain; Cal. The Call did not announce
that any. one -would grive a prize to the
parents of a child born on. the 9th of Sep
tember, 1900. , ' - - ¦ "~\ :¦ -
POSTOFFICE EXAMINATION— S. F.
S.. City. • 'A person who desires to take an
examination before .the civil , service offi
cers < in the postofflce branch should first
decide what. kind of examination 'he de
sires to take, then call on the clerk of the
18
AMUSEMENTS.
Columbia— "A MeM In Town."
Calif orr.'.a— "Lucia."
Alharabra — "A Texas Steer."
Orjheun: — Vaudeville.
Grar.d Opera-house— "The Sporting Duchess."
Alcazar— "We T'ns of Tennessee."
Tlvoll— "The Husuonots."
Olympla, corner Mason and E^<3y streets — Specialties.
Chutes, Zoo and Theater— Vaudeville every afternoon and
erentax-
Fischer' * — Vaudeville.
Union Coursl re Park — Courslcc to-day.
Ban Mateo Coursins rark— Coursing.
TtTeation Park— Baseball.
Futro Baths— Oi>cn nicht*.
Odd Fellows' H:C1 — Concert Monday, October 15.
SUNDAY... OCTOBER 7, 19°°
JOHN D. SPRECKELS. Proprietor.
Address All Communications to W. S. LEAKE, Manager.
MAVAGCITS OFFICE Tel< *P b<^J!^!LS?i
PCBUCATIO.V OFFICE Mnrfeet and Third. S. F.
T^lcption^ I'r*»« 2Oli
EDITORIAL ROOMS 217 lo 221 Stevennon St.
Telephone I»re-« 2O2.
Dellrrred fcy rarrlrra. 18 r»n«« I'rr Weelc
Mncli- Copies. 5 Cent".
Term* by Mall. Incliullns: VontHtsct
OAftvT OAT,T, C.nciuf.r.t; Funflavt. niv y*r * * f m ¦'*
T>AT7VT CALI, <-1nc!u<5!nc Sunday). C months *¦'"
XXATVr <~AT.J, fin<-lu<HnsT Funrtav), 3 month* *-*°
r>An/r CAIJ^— r?y Plr.plp Mcr.th .^
FT>rnAT OAI,L. Cv.f Y'-ar HI 1
WEriCLT <\MX One Tenr « - 00
All poitroattrr* are nnfhnrfced to reeelve
¦nhnrriptloiK.
FatBple orjries will be fnrwar^rd xrhen requested.
Ma!! rabscrlVrn In <r<1»r:r.r rhar.re of a-Tirr** fhould T*
rertlcular to five fcoth SEW AND ni.r> ADDRESS In ordT
lo Jr.sure a prompt an<5 correct rorrr"ance with their request.
DAKItASD OFFlCn HIS Broadway
ennnen c. rcnOGXE^s.
Mi.nt.geT Foreign Advert sinir. MarcueVe Building. Chicago
flion* PlFlar.ce Telephone "Central I619.")
NTTtr TCnK eOUIlESrONTKNT:
C C. CAItLTOX nerald Square
mew vonrc nEPnrrPFVTATTVE:
STEPHEX n. SMITH "O Trlbnue ItnlldlnB
KET TOP.K NirVYS FTAN'PS:
Hotel; A. Brentano, 21 Cnlon 6<ju«r»:
Murray H!I1 Hotel.
CHICAGO NTTWS BTAJTDS:
Fr-.errjiitn House; P. O. New* Co.; Great Northern Hotel;
I"retno7it House; Au«!tcrlum TTntel.
WAsniNGTOX <n. c> oFiicn 140a c. st.. >'. w.
MOnTOX E. CR I'VE. Correspondent.
BIlAXrn OFFICKS :.rr M^r.tsromery. corner of Clay, open
until S:30 o'clock. 3 r rf) Have*, open until 9:39 o'clock. r~3
KcAlUster. open until 9:30 o'clock. 615 lArkln, open until
S:SO o'clock. 1941 Mission, or^n until ID o'clock. Kfil Market,
earner Sixteenth, open until 9 o'clock. 1TC-5 Valencia, open
I'rjtll 8 o"clock. im Eleventh, open until 9 o'clock. N"5V. cor-
ner Twenty-feccnd and Kentucky, on^n until 9 o'clock.
CHEAP, BUT GOOD!
LADIES* BOX CALF LACE SHOES,
coin toes and tips and medium heavy
soles. "Will kee? the feet dry. Re-
duced to ?1J»O a pair. Sizes 3 to 8,
widths C to EE.
HUk LADIES '
STORM
RUBBERS 15c
LADIES* STORM RUBBERS. mmaXl
eizes. Vh. 3 and 3^. Reduced from 60c
to 13o a pair. • \\' '
MEJfS GENTTXE ALASKA SEAL
CONGRESS OR LACE SHOES, mar-
anteed waterproof, only $3.OO » nai-"
Cork soles. 50c extra.
B. KATCBINSKI,
PHILADELPHIA SHOE CO.
10 Third St., San Francisco.Music at the Park.
The programme of music to be rendered
to-day by the Golden Gate Park band fol
lows:
"Concert Overture in F" Kalllwoda
"Danse de Satyrs" Thlele
Ballet from "Slclllenne Vespers" Verdi
, "W'altz. "Morgenblatter"... .'...Strauss
Bridal chorus and finals from "Lohengrin"
Wagner
"Fackeltana." No. $.... ....Meyerbeer
Intermezzo from "Pagllaecl" Maacagnl
"Musical Panorama" Latann
"Cavalry Charge" Lueders
March. "Semi-centennial" ,. Sela
LADIES' OPEN SEASON
ON PRESIDIO IiHTSS
Several ladles of the San Francisco Golf
Club played a qualifying round over eight
teen holes, medal play, on the Presidio
links yesterday. The round was prelimi
nary to a continuous tournament which
the members of the ladles' annex of the
golf club propose to hold. Mrs. R. G.
Brown of the San Rafael and San Fran
cisco golf clubs, winner of the ladles' cup
in the recent carnival at Del Monte, and
of the last competition for the ladles' cup
at San Rafael, made the excellent score
of 104, securing first place easily. Miss
M. B. Houghton was second with 120,
Miss Maud Mulllns third with 124, Miss
Edith McBean fourth with 126. Miss Flor
ence Ives fifth with 130. Mrs. F. H. Green
sixth with 133, Miss Sarah Drum and
Mls3 Hager tying with 142 each.
The above eight constitute a challenge
class, ln which the holder of any number
may challenge the player immediately
above her; and, if she succeeds ln beating
her, will take the higher place. This sys
tem has been adopted with much success
in other golf clubs, and has been found to
create and maintain a good deal of Inter
est among the. players.
People are never so happy or unhappy
as they Imagine they are.
Grace Church Festival.
The monthly service at Grace Episcopal
Church will be marked this evening by a
programme of unusual Interest. In ad
dition to tho regular service, there will
be a harp solo by Inez Carusi, the solo
harpist of the Damrosch, Seidl and Met
ropolitan permanent orchestras of New
York city. Mies Carusi is an artist of
international reputation and her playing
Is a revelation of the capabilities of that
too little known Instrument. The balance
of the programme Includes a tenor solo
by D. Max Lawrence, a new barytone
solo by D. Prothero. sung by S. Homer
Henley, and the Beethoven Andante in F.
organ solo by William H. Holt, organist.
Over 200 framed pictures and panels left,
from 25 cents up; also a large lot of lamps
and onyx tables to be closed out at one
half the regular prices to make room for
new goods. Sanborn, Vail & Co. 741
Market st. •
Closing Out Odd Lots.
The members of the Mission High
School Alumni met last night at the Cali
fornia Hotel and permanently organized
Huncan A. McLeod was elected president
Miss Lina Hanson first vice president, Miss
Cecelia K>lly second vice president, Miss
Nellie McCarthy secretary" and. Miss Edna
Craig treasurer.' At the close of the meet-
Ing an adjournment was taken to the din
ing-room of the hotel, where over forty
members of the alumni sat down, to sup
per. Speeches were made by Miss Don
nelley. President Joseph O'Connor. Jules
Kahft, Jerome White and Miss Cecelia
Kelly.
Mission High School Alumni.
Organ prelude (Boellman); "Venl Creator"
(Witt); "Litany of the B. V. M." (Gregorian);
"Salve Rcglna" (Bonnl):'"0 Salutarls" (Gou
nod): "Adoro Te" (Dethier); "Tantum Ergo"
(Widor); "Marche Pontlflcale" (Tumbelli).
I'Kyrle" and "Gloria," Imperial mass
(Haydn); "Credo" (E. Dethler): "Sanctus,"
mass Solenello (Gounod); "BenedlcttiB." Sacred
Heart mass (Gounod); "Afrnug Del" (Kalll
noda); trio, "Sub Taum" (Dubols), Miss Lily
Roeder, J. F. Veaco and SIgnor G. S. Wanrell.
The music for the evening service will
be as follows: .-. v: ;•¦••.>. .
Following is the musical programme
to be rendered ln St. Dominic's Church
at the morning service to-day:
Music at St. Dominic's.
The.Alhambra Club gave its fourth an
nual masquerade ball last night at Odd
Fellows' Hall. A large crowd enjoyed the
festivities and kept up the merriment un
til an early hour. The committees were:
Floor— Edward Parnow (manager), Thom
as Lamey (assistant manager), \ James
O'Brien, John Griffin, Edward Miles, Wil
liam Hoey and Prank "Walcott; arrange
ments—John O'Brien, Edward Miles,
David Barry, Thomas Lamey and \. Harry
Smith. , - . •
Alhambra Club Masquerade.
SACRAMENTO, Oct. 6.— Charles Butcher, a
your* man vhoeo father is engaged in th«
butchering business 3 in San ' Francisco, fell
while enraged ln ¦ loading i cheep on a . car - at
Arcade to-day and or* «f hla legs was cut oft
bjr the traia wh.ela, .
DOWAGER IS
HOLDING OK
TO EMPEROR
Loth to Give Up That She
Considers Her Most Val
uable Asset.
Powers Now Appear in Full Accord
and Beady to Begin the
China Peace Nego
tiations.
TIENTSIN. Oct. C.—1A Hung Chang has
ordered the retease and safe escort to Pe
king of five Belgian engineers and fifteen
missionaries who have been kept prison
ers many weeks at Paotlng-Fu. Lf Hung
Chang is apparently doing his utmost to
please the powers. His visit to Peking is
apparently indefinitely postponed.
Trying to Please Powers.
HONGKONG, Oct. 6.-Destructlon and
looting are prevalent on the mainland.
Two chapels and a school belonging to the
American Mission at Fotukkai. near Ma
cao, of the value of $25,000 have been razed
to the ground. These outrages are the
work of bands of ruffians who hold the
district in terror. The authorities are ab
solutely powerless.
Ruffians Yet Looting.
The report that this Government has
made new proposals respecting the pun
ishment of Prince Tuan is denied by th«
officials, who say that Mr. Conger has
been instructed to report the names of the
responsible authors of outrages and the
character of punishment they shall suffer
and that until this information is at hand
no proposition on this point can be sub
mitted to the powers. It is the purpose of
this Government to Insist upon exemplary
punishment, ln the hope that it will pre
vent a recurrence of the outrages.
But even with the Imperial court far
Inland, the officials say, negotiations will
not be injuriously affected, as the powers
given Prince Ching and Li Hung Chang
and their associates are most extensive,
the Imperial Government having gone so
far as to agree to approve ln advance to
anv terms they may make.
wu Ting Fang, the Chinese Minister
here, eald to-day he had been advised of
the departure of Li Hung Chang for
Peking after a conference with M. de
Giers, the Russian Minister. This shows,
according to the Minister, that negotia
tions will be conducted In the capital. It
Is regarded as probable that when the
final negotiations begin the Russian Gov
ernment •will deem it advisable to direct
the Russian Minister to return to Peking.
These negotiations will probably not be
gin for some weeks, as the powers must
unite upon the terms to demand of the
Chinese Government. There is reason to
believe that the opposition of the United
States to agreeing to the proposals of
France to Interdict the importation of
firearms, raze the Chinese forts at Taku
and maintain a permanent guard at
Peking has been Informally communicat
ed to Russia and France.
CALL BUREAU, WELLINGTON
HOTEL. WASHINGTON, Oct. 6.—Con
firmation of the purpo6e of the Empress
Dowager not to permit the return of tho
Emperor to Peking Is contained ln an
official decree published ln Shanghai,
news of which was handed to Secretary
Hay to-day by Mr. Takahira. Japanese
Minister to the United States. The au
thorities had hoped that the pressure
they had indirectly brought to bear upon
the Emperor and Empress Dowager
would cause the former to insist upon
being conducted to Peking. The Empress
Dowager, however, undoubtedly under
stands the effect upon her future should
ehe permit the Emperor to escape from
her Influence. None of the powers Is dis
posed to recognize her as having any
ehare ln the Chinese Government. Cer
tainly the United States has not and will
not do bo. Except to afford her protection
from indignity as one of the members of
the Imperial household, the United States
will not consider her in the negotiations
to occur. It Is regarded as altogether
probable that the Empress Dowager has
been advised of the attitude of the sev
eral powers with respect to herself and
that she fully understands the awkward
position in which she would be placed
were she to permit the Emperor to place
himself under the protection of foreign
nations.
Special Dispatch to T»e Call.
North Elver Pier Burned.
NEW YORK, Oct. 7.— Fire at midnight
on the wharves of the Atlantic Transport
Filer Engine Derailed.
SACRAMENTO, Oct. 6.— At Gold Run,
Placer County, where repairs were being
made to the track, the Southern Pacific's
east-bound flier's locomotive left the rails
this afternoon. No serious damage was
done beyond tearing up the track for
some distance.
>IERCEI>. Oct. 6.— The Republicans
opened the campalgm here this evening
with speaking ln the pavilion. Hon. H
V. Morehouse of San Jose was the prin
cipal speaker, and he was frequently in
terrupted during- his speech by applause
rrom the audience.
Morehouse Talks at Meroed.
Special Dispatch to Tho Call
Cochxane Appointed.
BOSTON. Oct. 6.— The director* of
the American Telephone and Telegraph
Company have appointed Alexander
Cochrane president pro tern, to fill the va
cancy caused by tho death of th« lato
president, John E. Hudson. Mr. Coch
rane Is a director and member of the
executive board of the American Bell
Telephone Company and the American
Telephone and Telegraph Company.
JAMESTOWN, Oct. 6.— J. L. Marean of
Quart* committed suicide by shooting himself
ln the head laet night. He wan despondent be
cause of business troubles. He leaves a wife.
COMPANY TAKING IIP
ITS ABANDONED RAILS
Market-Street Corporation Restoring
Streets to .Former Condition.
Brick Plants in Operation.
Principal Field Assistant McGlllivray
of the Board of Public Works went on
a tour of Inspection yesterday to ascer
tain what action the Market-street Com
pany was taking ln regard to taking up
Its abandoned tracks ln various parts of
the city. McGilllvray finds that the old
rails on Montgomery avenue, from Union
street north, and those on Brannan
street, between Sixth and Eighth, hav«
been removed and the spaces paved wuti
basalt blocks. On Montgomery avenue
the cobbles have been taken up and pave
ment laid to conform with the -rest of the
street. * The tracks on Powell street from
Montgomery avenue to Bay street, and
on Bay street from Taylor to Stockton,
are also being removed by a gang of
thirty men, and those on Stockton street
will be next attenu-J to.
McGillivray says that extensive grad
ing operations are now being conducted
on Corbett road, near Twin Peaks, by two
concerns which are manufacturing brick
from the red rock quarried In that local
ity. The bricks, he says, are superior
to those made of clay, and are being used
to a great extent ln the construction of
sewers.
Commissioner Manson returned yester
day from an official visit to the head
waters of the Tuolumne and Stanislaus
rivers. An offer to sell water rights to
the city has been made, and the result
of Manson's Investigations will be em
bodied in a report to be filed ln the course
of a month.
A committee of the Grant Avenue Im
provement Club, consisting of George
Lent. A. S. Baldwin and O. F. Burns,
waited on the Board of Public Works
yesterday. It was stated that $2500 had
been subscribed by storekeepers and
property-owners In the vicinity toward
repaving Grant avenue from O'Farrell
street to Bush. Commissioner Manson
thought that the remainder of the money
necessary, amounting to about $4500,
would be forthcoming from the city to
make the Improvement. It Is proposed to
lay the bitumen on the basalt blocks and
cobbles Imbedded on a concrete founda
tion, which will greatly reduce the ex
pense.
Talk Is rather cheap, but some people
have a mania ior trying to monopolize It.
INCIDENTS IN POLICE COURT.
Charge of Malicious Mischief Against
ex-Supervisor Becker Is Dismissed.
Mrs. Margaret Kerr and her sister.
Jennie Bole, who were arrested Wednes
day on complaint of Mrs. Nano Draule,
30 Bernard street, on a charge of battery
and had their cases promptly dismissed
next morning by Judge Caoaniss, yester
day swore to complaints for the arrest of
Mrs: Draule on a similar charge. Mrs.
Draule had got out her warrant llrst, but
the evidence was all against her.
The charge that Judge Conlan had al
lowed Henry Schwartz, the poolseller. to
be at liberty without ball was denied by
the Judge from the bench yesterday.
Schwartz was ln court. The Judge said
that Schwartz had put up $100 cash bail
and it was still on deposit. It was double
The charge of malicious mischief
against ex-Supervisor D. Becker, grocer,
Sutter and Leavenworth streets, on the
complaint of Domlnico Casella, a boot
black, was dismissed by Judge Fritz yes
terday. Becker was accused of throwing
Casella's stand, which stood ln front of
his store, into the street because he\dld
not pay him $100. Becker positively denied
tho charge, although admitting that he
had asked for the $100. Casella will sue
Becker in the Justices' courts for $299
damages.
Frank Grady, the ex-soldler who was
arrested Friday for stealing $1 25 from
Irma Hestin, 1122 Stockton street, and $9
from the till at Mrs. Susannah Knipper's
store, 1435 Stockton street, appeared be
fore Judge Cabanlss yesterday. He was
convicted on two charges of petty lar
ceny and got five months on each charge.
Emll Itemschel, janitor at 123 Hermann
street, who was charged with malicious
mischief for breaking Mrs. Henry Tlll
man's piano, placed $50 into Judge Ca
banlss' hands yesterday to pay for the
damage, and the case was dismissed.
Scott Anderson, the colored man who
cut Moses Jones, another darky, at In
gleside Sunday night and was arrested for
assault to murder, appeared before Judge
Fritz yesterday. After hearing the evi
dence the Judge reduced the charge to
battery, to which Anderson pleaded
guilty. He will be sentenced to-morrow.
Miss Maude Blevln, the hairdresser,
¦who was convicted of battery upon Miss
Lulu Rawson. a rival hairdresser, at Bush
and Leavenworth streets, appeared for
sentence yesterday. The Judge Imposed
a fine of $15. Miss Blevln was unable to
pay and burst Into tears, which so molli
fied the Judge that he postponed sentence
for a week.
William Isaacs, a waiter ln the Oberon.
appeared before Judge Conlan yesterday
on a charge of grand larceny. He was ac
cused of stealing a watch from Gus Van
detten on September 10. Vandetten failed
to appear in court and a bench warrant
was issued for his arrest. The Judge was
Informed that Mrs. Isaacs had been ln
Vandetten's company Friday night. Sh*
was called to the stand, but refused to
take an oath or ruake any statement/The
Judge remarked that it looked as If there
was a scheme to railroad Isijaca to jail.
The case was continued till to-morrow.
Miss 51. Frances Trowbridge, 1734 Mar
ket street, swore to a complaint in Judge
Mogan's court yesterday for the arrest
of A. D. Dardls on the charge of grand
larceny. She accuses him of stealing- her
horse and wagon from the stables «U
Twelfth and Mission streets Septem
ber 29.
C. G. Blake and Mike Bradley, mechan
ics, appeared before Judge Mogan .yes
terday on a charge of battery. They went
to the Tivoli Friday night ln an Intoxi
cated condition and were refused admit
tance. They declared they would clean
out the place. Special Officer A. T. Smith
attempted to put them out and he was
knocked down and kicked on the head.
They asked for a continuance til to-mor
row to give them a chance to see their
friends and It was granted.
COMMISSIONER MEYERS
DISCUSSES LAUNDRIES
Sets Forth the Result of His Inves
tigations in a Communi- '
cation.
F. V. Meyers. Commissioner of tho
.State Bureau of Labor Statistics, in the
following communication sets forth ¦ the
result of his investigations ln the matter
of the working hours of laundry em
ployes:
To tho San Francisco Call: Some of the
emoloyps of laundries ln this city and county
have called upon me and have asked my as
sistance ln placing before the public the fol
lowing Information, namely:
That there Is now before the license Com
mittee of the Board of Supervisors of this city
and county a motion which seeks to change the
recently amended laundry ordinance and to
cause the restriction therein now contained as
to work in laundries between 7 o'clock p. m.
and 6 o'clock a. m. . to apply between 8 o'clock
p. m. and 7 o'clock a. m. instead; that they,
the said laundry employes, protest against this
proposed change; wish the ordinance to remain
as it is now and request all employes of laun
dries to unite In signing petitions addressed to
the above eaM License Committee, asking that
the said proposed change be not recommended.
Further, that the object of . the proposed
change Is simply a desire on the part of certain
laundry employers to be able to require their
employes to work until 8 o'clock at night.
To the excuse for this desire, as given, that
it is unreasonable to require a girl to go to
work at C in the morning they reply that em
ployers are under no necessity which compels
th*m to require girls to go to work thus early;
that any fair employer can get a reasonable
day's work out of a girl between 7 o'clock ln
the morning and 7 o'clock at night, as the or
dinance now is, and that it is Just as unrea
sonable to require a girl to work until 8 o'clock
at alpht as It Is to require her to begin work
at 6 o'clock ln the morning.
That, however. If those urging the change in
cuestlon feel that fairness and protection to
girls employed ln • laundries require that 7
o'clock be substituted ln the ordinance Instead
of 6 o'clock a. m.. It 1b suggested that such
chan»r» may easily be made and still leave the
provision In the ordinance as to 7 o'clock p. ra
the came as It is now.
Hoping that you will oblige these girls by
placing their views as aforesaid before the
public, and thanking you ln their behalf in ad
ranee for the kindness and courtesy, I am
very truly yourV F. V. MEYERS.
Commissioner State Bureau of Labor Sta
tistics.
MBS. CTJBBA1T C0M1OTTED
to the rarsAira asyiiT/m
Unfortunate Woman Is Sent to Napa
Institution by Judge
L>awlor.
Mrs. Frank J. Curran. who became in
sane from worry caused by the diEappear
anoe and supposed suicide of her husband,
¦who, however, made his presence In the
city known a Jew hours before her mind
pave way, was committed to the Insane
asyhsn at Napa vesterday by Judge Law
lor. It Is hoj>ea that careful treatment
and a good rest will rwtore the poor wo
tr.an's reason.
line In the North River at the foot of
Houston street destroyed one of the piers
of the company with all the merchandise
on it. Loss between $50,000 and $75,000.
The retail liquor revenue licenses issued
by Internal Revenue Collector Lynch to be
delivered at Stockton are stlli among the
missing. A story was published in a
morning paper to the effect that the much
sought for documents had been located in
the office of the Doputy Collector at Mar
tinez, to which place they had inad
vertently been pent. Internal Revenue
Agent Hurt Thomas not only denies that
the papers have been found but says he
has about given up hope of locating them.
While in Stockton a few days ago Mr.
Thomas in speaking to a broker about
the missing licenses remarked that there
was a vague possibility that they might
have been sent to tho Deputy Collector at
Martinez and that the recipient might
have carelessly thrown the envelopes into
some pigeon hole, thinking that they con
tained blank forms, in which event there
was a chance for their recovery. Acting
on the suggestion of the thought, Mr.
Thomas lost no time, but took the first
train to Martinez and hurried to the Col
lector's office. He informed the deputy of
his surmise and together they ransacked
the pigeon holes and made an Investiga
tion of every nook and corner. Papers
that had tne accumulation of the dust of
former years and documents whose his
tories have been forgotten with the pass-
Ing of time were gone through, but the
missing papers were not among them.
The deputy studied long and hard and
racked his brain in an endeavor to recall
having received any envelopes that were
not opened by him, but without avail. .
Office at Martinez Is . Thoroughly
Ransacked, but No Trace of the
Missing Papsrs Besults
From Search.
SEARCH FOR THE
LOST LICENSES
AVAILS NOTHING
Agent Thomas Denie3 the
Story of Their Having
Bsen Found.
Chief J. R. Dunn of the Chinese bureau
will start for Washington to-morrow
whither he has been summoned by Na
tional Immigration Commissioner Pow
derly for consultation on matters apper
taining to the efficiency of the bureau,
looking toward the more effectual thwart
ing of the schemes of the Chinese coolie
importers and their allies. Chief Dunn
will spend his vacation in the State of
Ohio, where his home is, and will vote
there for the McKlnley and Roosevelt
electors. He has recommended to tne
Acting Collector of Customs the appoint
ment of Chinese Inspector Barbour to
manage the bureau in his absence.
Ir Is rumored persistently in political
circles that Chief Dunrr»wlll be appointed
by tho Secretary of the Treasury and by
National Commissioner Powderly to take
full charge of the enforcement of the
Chinese exclusion act at this port, tnus
relieving the Collector of Customs from
the onerous work of passing upon the
merits of Chinese immigrante desiring to
enter the United States. It was thought
at one time that Immigration Commis
sioner Hart H. North would have the
management of the Chinese bureau and
conduct it in connection with the immi
gration bureau, but the later rumor is to
the effect that the authorities at Wash
ington think that the Chinese bureau will
be more efficient with Chief Dunn at the
head and conducted Independently.
The Building Trades Council of this city
has adopted a series of resolutions hlghly
commending Chief Dunn's administration
of the bureau. Among the resolutions ap
pears the following:
The work of Bald James R. Dunn appears to
have been discharged without fear or favor
and under the most difficult circumstances, he
having been subjected to every kind of Insult,
complaint and aspersion, under constant rnen
nce of personal' and official ruin, his very life
threatened by the Chinese and white Individuals
and companies promoting this traffic in coolie
labor.
" The committee appointed by the council
to look Into the management of the Chi
nese bureau reported the following to
show the efficiency of the work of the
bureau:
Arrivals In July. August and September,
1899 l.«H
Arrivals In July. August and September.
1900 B13
Decrease In arrivals for three months.. 914
The committee reported further that
steamers arriving during the three
months last past brought but 35 per ceni
as many Chinese as in the corresponding
period last year.
-
Probability That Dunn Will Bfi given
Exclusive Charge of the Bu
reau When He Re-
Chinese Bureau May Be
Taken From the
Collector.
POWDERLY CALLS
CHIEF DUNN FOR
A CONSULTATION
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, OCTOBER 7, 1900.
19
To Catarrh, Sufferers.
Every person suffering from catarrh ln
Its many forms knows that the common
lotions, salves and douches do not cure.
It is needless to argue this point or to cite
cases of failure, because every victim of
catarrhal trouble knows It for himself If
he has tried them.
A local application, if It does anything
at all, simply gives temporary relief: a
wash, lotion, salve or powder cannot reach
the seat of the disease, which Is the blood.
The mucous membrane seeks to relieve
the blood of catarrhal poison by secreting
large quantities of mucus, the discharge
sometimes closing up the nostrils descend-
ing- to the, throat and larynx, causing an
Irritating cough, continual clearing of the
throat, deafness, Indigestion and many
other disagreeable and persistent symp-
toms.
A remedy to really cure catarrh must
be an internal treatment; a remedy which
will gradually cleanse the system from
catarrhal poison and remove the fever and
congestion always present in the mucous
membrane.
The best remedies for this purpose are
Eucalyptol. Sanguinarla and Hydrastln,
but the difficulty has always been to get
these valuable curatives combined in one
palatable, convenient and efficient form
. Recently this has been accomplished
and the preparation put on the market
under the name of Stuart's Catarrh Tab-
lets. They are large, pleasant tasting
lozenges, no that they may be slowly dis-
solved ln the -mouth, thus reaching every
part of the mucous membrane and finally
the stomach and Intestines.
An advantafre to be considered also Is
that Stuart's Catarrh Tablets contain no
cocaine, morphine or poisonous narcotics
so often found in -catarrh powders and the
use of which often entails a habit more
dangrerous than the disease.
Stuart's Catarrh ¦ Tablet" are nold by
druggists at 60 cents for full-sized pack-
asre and are probably the safest and moat
effectual catarr.fi cure on tho market
PLAIN TALK.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
BRAIN"
, Fay* Dr. Dennett. "KJabhr Mnscle«,
1 Trtmbtlnc Llmbi and Sorb Synip-
tonia Point to Yon a* a Weak Man
or Woman — Mr Electric Belt Will
i'nr^ i"v«-ry Form of Weakness ln
I'Jtln-r Sex, and I Will Guarantee
It." — The Doctor Saj« These
Weaknenaea $ap the \ err l>lfe
Itftflf. Leaving: the Body Without
Strentrth or Ambition — He Warns
Vod Acalnitt Ills Imitators. #
If you ruiler from asj wesJcaees p^culJa..* to
men— one or the disorder* resulting from In-
discretions or exeease* — r
th«s worst sxwsiUe tfcir-C Oy\ 1/
you can da is to put _ \V\lJ//.iC8^-
drjpp ir.to your stomach. r^^HL^g - tCK
~ are m .• ¦.;• mere >V£+f^-'*MLSLfr A
drug than alcoholic /TK 3it|lS^
wrecks. This is the truth. '[\ fWf</
SCo one can deny It. Tour / t^^N I
stomach was not ms.de I \ V
as a recertacJe for noe- I \ I j
truns asi «rfl] rebel. I V II
offer you the only natur- \^3^^ Jj\
lA cure for weeJc men <f j/\
and women — Electricity: / .j I /// I
ir. ! a« anpiied by my . \f l ''2i.tt'^&- I
V. !•¦•-• r.r L-*:t I can irir- '*^iTC^X?-^
ran' the cure in every s*?t%^Y~'\"\ :
case. Do not confound f\T-l*'l \
rr.y B'lt with the many y i
elf-ctric and eo-callei I J
electrtfl l*lts upon the a \
different and represents i\ \
&ar.y years cf research, ctufly and experiment.
BR. BENx\BTTS ELECTRIC BELT
Wh^n ycu are treating with my Belt you
gtt Electricity in its purest form; no chance
for it to injure you. To pet good results from
Electricity you rr.ust have conetar.t applica-
tion several hours a day. I have known for
nar.y years that Electricity was the greatest
c-jratlve arent that would ever be known If
It could be applied right. I have found the
true method of applj-lne It. Guaranteed to
cu:e Sexual Imj^oteTicy. Loet Manhood.
Varlcoeele and a:! Sexual Disorders ln either
Bex; restore shrunken or Undevelor>ed Organs
end Vitality, cure Rheumatism In any form,
Kl'lnoy. Livpr and Hladder Troubles. Constlpa-
t:' n. Uyspepsia. Female Complaints, etc
ilr Belt ha« poft. ellken. chamois -covered,
T.-aTer-charr.brr epor.g-e electrcxjet that io away
with that Cricbtfal burning caused by all other
makes cf belts <if they sive current), which
h-tve bare m<?tal ejeetrodfs. Verdlp-ls. a dead-
ly poieon. accumalatet on bare metal electrodes.
t'y Belt can be renewed wnea burned out for
only ?5c; no oth^s t»lt can be renewed when
b - :rned cut, ar.d becomes worthless. My Elec-
tri<-£l Suspeneorj' for the perfect cure of men's
*?alcnes^<*s free to each m&!* patient. Beware
of cr>nc**rTi6 cov*»rlng i^r* niftaJ «iectrodes
chamois or felt. Electricity cannot paes
through coverinc, but verdigris can.
Mjr Klertroden and the renewioe
fraiure of m>- Helt are my explosive
jii.n in (L'tlrrti patent Not, 333,044
end <;:u.7;;:i> and are uited on no
other belt or appliance. When oth-
ers claim their belts vrill not barn
they- nrc attempting; to Imitate my
pntrnln, and nhea they do tliin, do
not yon think they indorwe my
methods f The fact that they at-
tempt to counterfeit my electrodes
in tile best ad* ertisement I have, for
nil nrtirled of merit ape coDntfr-
l«-i t «-it— I>ii t counterfeits are no untxl.
My electrodes alone to mannfactare
ront more than the entire belt of the
counterfeits. I am the editor and
publisher of a paper called "'-O(h
f t-ntttry Electrical Science," which
will be mailed free to every appli-
cant applylner before Oet. IK. Look
ont for the trick or "catch" In
"Kits Trial" and "Pay Wnen Cared"
advertisements. Write to me and I
will explain the n?-«tem. I vrill re-
fund any fee paid me If my Delt will
not last a lifetime and the current
never diminish.
Call or write to-day. I have written s book.
"The Kindinc of the Fountain of Eternal
Youth." sent free, portpaid. for the asking.
Bock will tell you a'.I about It. Afivlce or con-
sultation without cost. Sold only by
Dr. Bennett §§t
Rooms! S and O, 47 Pont Street, San
Francisco, Cal.
r^_3&S I
Vtbc ¦perfection 6f/
SDTTLMUf T^E DjInLLERY'
FL'rtS-AEcQ^VfCLSSSME .
UstcfmtteMedcd/Depdrf/xefits of the
U.S.ARMY NAVY Service
AVILL1AM VVOLFF & CO.
*SAM rRANClSCO. DISTRIBUTORS. '
crwert ef/m/fat/ons o* rtj///ed Bott/es.
GI D Et I ff^ Hunters' Equipments,
P Dsl* Fishing Tackle. Athlet-
H 3 139 ic Goods, etc. Bedrock
H«3^ Prices. Send for P*'-
SUKEVE. 739 Market st
lLADIES-'ONIA"
I CORRECTS MOST OBSTINATE CASES IRREGULARITIES
I A bM/!utclv reliable. harmleM, palnlet*; plain wrap-
I wn Fi- ; jr»lv p*ftcr&, prire tt.!-O. Im OJTIA.
I j;rV -'"'' CU.I S00 1-i.elta Bld£..San iTaadaocCal.
Art Materials and
Wool Yarns
We give special attention to art materials, and our stock
. is probably the largest and best selected in the city.
We have all the new fall shades in German Yarn, Spanish
Knitting Yarn, Imported Saxony, Germantown, Shetland
Floss, Fairy Floss, Merino Yarn, Zephyrs, etc.
Our Embroidery Silks are all guaranteed fast colors, all the
newest shades in prisma work, rope silk, filo floss, Japan floss
and crochet and knitting silks. You should certainly see our
, stock before buying.
Novelty Cushion Covers
and Battenberg Squares.
Conventional Cushion Covers — scroll Sun-flower — cream ground^ — top and
designs in red, green and old gold back; 60c.
—top and back. Price 35c. Battenbcxg Squares— circular pieces
Cushion Covers — card design in tan — linen centers^ — regular price $i.oo
ground — top and back; 50c. — size 18x18 — special at 70c.
"Oft in the Stilly Nipht" — tan Linen Doylies^ — open work — 10 dif-
ground— top and back; 50c. ferent patterns— 6x6 — only 8c each.
Corn Cushion Cover — in tan, green, Linen Squares — open work in many
white and yellow — top and back; different patterns, size 12x12; sale
50c. price 19c each.
Carnation Cushion Covers in green Drawn Work — Hemstitch Linen
ground; top and back; 60c. Trays — 18x27 — price ©Oc each.
Ribbon Specials.
We have two lots of wide ribbon which we reduce
this week to close out. The number of pieces is
limited, and it will be necessary to come early.
150 pieces Fancy Ribbons. .VA inches 100 pieces Wash Taffeta Ribbon. 4
wide, which we have always sold at inches wide, in all colors —
25c— to ciosa 15c yard now 20c yard
Stamping done free of charge on all goods purchased in our stores.
Lessons given in embroidery. Samples sent on application,
and goods sent free to all parts of the city and bay towns.
The Genuine Thing
In Ebony!
Everybody knows how scarce real ebony goods
are. The imitation confronts you at every
turn. Next week we will hold a sale of REAL
EBONY GOODS — every piece warranted.
Hair Brushes. Hat Brushes.
Genuine ebony, real bristles. Gents', also genuine ebony and
finest quality. Guaranteed for MolaSdV&'ii't^l 11 S
five years. Ladles* brashes; S enuln« horse-
Gentleman's brush; lone and hair, mounted 60c and 75c
narrow, medium or stiff, $1.85. -. _ -
Ladles' brush, same quality as jN^ll brushes,
above— • Genuine- ebony, extra Una stiff
9 rows $1.50 bristles 60c, 75c and XX
11 rows 1.75 With handles and mounted. .73c
13 rows 2.00 "Without mounting 50c
13 rows 2.50 „
Same brushes with sterling sll- 1 OOtfl -DniSnCS.
ver mounting.. 25 cents extra. q{
wjr.f'. t_t • *r> t- dlum or hard 23c and 33c
Military Hair Brushes. with mounting 35c and soc
Same quality as ladles' brushes . Hand JVEilTOrS.
' 13 row!' gr ifCV.fiM Oval, square and round, with
15 ?ow1: plr iet.:..: 5.» straight handle or rlnsr. C50
17 rows, perset.... 7.00 fe 25c extra.
Same mounted. 50c pair extra.
r\ *l u u Dressing Combs.
LJOtn JDrUSnCS. Ebony mounted Combs; ladles'
Genuine ebony; finest finish and ttSSU^iVIA 'rv? f?^ S2
best bristles. J2. rSl? r«™w and
. - ¦ • .„ ... « »_ Gents Comba —
Same, only larger, 52.50 and $3. . Silver mounted 35c
With mountings, 23 cents extra. Plain 23c
rp — s
v_ — — •== — p^
818-820 Market St., San Francisco,
FULL ASSORTMENT OF HORSE CLIPPERS.
If You Want THE BEST Buy \ gS km* I
y^?M&&i&-' / new Durner \ jffXAfc^. »
#Sl/ Oil . . . i Heaters \aN! I
co^crv^/ SAVES A NO COAL \ )£f q
r^-5^- Money, Dirt, No Ashes "^t^ §
Labor - V^^^Sr Carry.
It Cannot Smoke. 0-1111 Perf ect Combustion. %
Has an Automatic 5^^ I No Odor. g
Extinguisher. 1 1 Absolutely Safe. g
Wrlte for Wfrr>^ Costs less than I ceot g
Illustrated <cFl^*4g^f^^ an hour to beat .-roam J :
Prlccilst. &HTffffiW%gi sixteen feet square q
* — i ¦"¦¦¦'¦^^'i*f~ l "
' ¦"¦• ruar»nt*e it will >S^k(£#7tedSSLk Seven difTcrpnt _^- otftc c- §?
"^¦•sTA r " PS " >' pu ln r r«-aUon /^3S^WmfcS^®k Styles and Sizes. /—^or x ®
r^^--*<?k \ IDOr * than **>ytl»ln« of tjp^r!;"U»a>llllllU)l "^aSyN Prices running / *° @
liTrlsiyi "i * the kInd you h * ve ev * T vjk^W •^&^~~H fr0I 2 9 4 - 50 to / __^»*!=s* kS ' ©
hMFBt\ r*ATTO9IEN 9 /^^ft» s
f% IS?*' *'Bffl^^ \ (Stove DcDartmenO ' / -^g-EW^V jtfvT / a
\ I6th and Mission Streets. / |
>«oa«eoooooo«o»eoo»ooo«ooo«goeceoe»a»»6oooseooaQQ03aeeeeooocoQ09®e§
HOUSE FURNISHINGS.
ADVERTISED KJMTS.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Prices
cut in fur
collarettes
FUR COLLARETTES-
border of river mink
with an astrakan yoke
— beautifully lined
with heavy satin — a
swell garment for
winter wear —
special -$7 50
(as per illustration.)
ELECTRIS SEAL COLLARETTE—
with Astrakan yoke— an ele-
gant and exceptionally pretty
collarette at a very, low price
— beautifully lined with fancv
satin $4.50
ELECTRIC.SEAL COLLARETTE-
with two tails— a fashion-
able combination of seal and
blue moufflon — a beautiful j
collarette $8.50
ELECTRIC SEAL COLLARETTE-
with sable or dyed raccoon
border— 7 tails — a very hand- ¦
some garment, elegantly lined
with heavy satin $12.50
Mail orders filled.
We are the largest fur house in
the world. Every garment bears
our name — a guarantee of satis-
faction.
H.Liebes
I &> Company
INCORPORATED _
B :' :; The sMn that re- «f
fl 'it" U\ ceives a dally ap- '<S
R ¦¦¦'•' ?tl/^v P" catloa or m
\ CREME |
I LIS |
S" I» a'.wayn soft aa Telvet an<J
SKS glows with tho ruddy look of fit
Sffl perfect health. SUN ANT) 3$
.'.>,s WIND cannot overcome the Jffi
;>;;:*. llnrerln* touch of thia fa- &>.
**! mous creraratlon. It aarely «5
JBSi and harmlessly removes all >£,
JH« oily exudations and other SB
*S blemishes. Sold by all
;.- druggists and srerwral d»al- Ilk
tgj ers. If you cannot obtain ng.
"... it. 9»nd us 50c for larg-> bot- W,
5S; tie. or 10c for trial alie. E. «i
fjh, B. Harrington & Co., Mfrs., V£
Djg I os Aneeles. Cal. t**WTwo "Workmen on Copper City Rail
road, Hay Lose Their Lives.
REDDING, Oct. 6.— Owing: to a prema
ture blast to-day among gradera on the
railroad being built from Copper City to
Bully Hill by Captain Delamar two men
are suffering from injuries about the face
and chest which It is feared will prpve
fatal, and a third, J. K. Ohair, lies at his
Buily Hill home seriously Injured. The
two who may die are Lorrigan Dooney
and Peter O'Brien. Their eyesight was
destroyed and their heads terribly
mangled.
Reward for Robber's Arrest.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
MERCED, Oct. 6.— At a special meeting
of the Board of Supervisors to-day an
order was passed offering a reward of
$500 for the arrest and conviction of the
men who robbed the County Treasurer's
vault of $1639 60 on the night of September
25. At the request of Treasurer Bambauer
an expert was appointed to go over the
books.
BLINDED BY A BLAST.
Anderson and Regent John E. JRudd of
the State University accompanied a large
party of Stocktonians to Wakefield Land
ing, on the San Joaquin River, to-day,
where a bullshead breakfast and a bar
becue of pork was participated In. The
occasion was the celebration of the es
tablishment by Clarence Berry, the Klon
dike capitalist, of one of the largest
cre&mtrles and dairies in the United
States at that point. Mr. Wheeler deliv
ered an address, which was enthusiastic
ally received.
Celebration Attending the Opening
of Clarence Berry's Creamery at
Wakefield Landing.
STOCKTON, Oct. 6.— President Benja
min Ide Wheeler, Professors Wickson and
PRESIDENT WHEELER
ATTENDS A BARBECUE
SANTA ROSA, Oct. 6.— The city's streets
are ablaze with color, the big pavilion is
filled with an 8rmy of active workers,
merchants are decorating their places of
business and on every hand are seen evi
dences of active preparation for the free
street fair and agricultural exhibit which
will open on Monday morning. In Ridge
way Hall, where the art and floral dis
plays will be held, many of the exhibits
are alreadv in place. The big- lot on Fifth
street, which will be devoted to the live
stock, is in readiness, and to-night the
electricians were working like beavers fin
ishing up the details of the electrical dis
plays. Large quantities of fruit and prod
ucts were brought in this afternoon, and
everything points to the success of the
fair.
a Success.
All Santa Rosa Working to Make It
PREPARING FOR STREET PAIR.
The accident cast a gloom over the com
munitv. As soon as news of It reached
Mr. Woods he announced that under no
circumstances would he speak to-night.
It was later arranged that he would re
turn on October 24. ,
JACKSON, Oct. 6.— While stretching
electric light wires across Main street
this afternoon Robert J. Adams, manager
for the electric light company, came Into
contact with a .live wire was almost in
stantly killed. Mr. Adams was an old
resident of Amador County and had serv
ed six years as Sheriff. He was popular
with all classes.
For a week or more the Republicans or
Jackson had been preparing a suitable re
cep"n for Hon. S. D. Wood.. Republican
candidate for Congress from this district
Band music had been engaged, torches and
transparencies provided and tue busmess
men along Main street were arranging
for an electrical display such as had neve,
before been witnessed in Jackson. On ar
riving here early in the afternoon, es
corted by a committee consisting of vv ill
A. Newcum, J. W. Caldwell and Nell A.
Macquarrie, Mr. Woods declared that in
no place visited had such elaborate prep
arations been made. It was while the fin
ishing touches were being made to the
system of wiring for to-night's illumina
tion that Adams lost his life.
The current supplying light for Jackson
cornea from the Standard electric plant at
Blue Lakes City and is of about 2o00 volt
age. Adams was working on Water street
at 5 o'clock. He had twisted one end of
a wire around a hammer and thrown the
hammer over another wire that crossed
the street. It is supposed that in trying
the wire by pulling on the wooden handle
of the hammer he accidentally touched the
Iron part and received the fatal shock.
A shower of sparks was seen to fly out.
Adams gave a cry and fell, gasping, to the
ground. The street was wet from recent
rains, which Increased the danger of
working around live wires. The accident
was witnessed by a number of persons,
and James Dye was talking to Adams at
the time he encountered the deadly cur
rent. Adams lived but a few minutes.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
ponement of a Demonstra
tion in His Honor.
Because of the Unfortunate Occurrence
Sam J>. Woods Asks for a Post-
IN CONTACT WITH A LIVE WIRE
Ex-sneriff RoDert J. Adams
ol Amador County Loses
His Life.
SAD ACCIDENT
MARS A BALLY
AT JACKSON
Palestine-Mrs. M. Shea. Mrs. T. R. Turner.
Mrs. Ellen Molloy.' assisted by the Misses Bar
ber and R. A. Herlihy.
Palace and Arbor-Mrs. M. W. Shannon, Mrs.
Mary McKew, Miss A. Gorevan and associates.
Father Cottle. pastor of St. Brigid's
Church, and his assistants. Father Mar
tin Ryan and Father Joseph McAuliffe
are constantly on the floor, assisting the
Doorkeepers, the ladles in the booths the
pretty waitresses, the visitors— doing any
thing and everything to make the affair
a success and lending much of 'the enthu
siasm that is sure to make it so.
The fair It is hoped will result in the
completion of the new church building on
the corner of Van Ness avenue and
Broadway. The structure is now about
one-third completed, but there are prom
ises that will help out materially when
the time comes. The Phelon estate will
donate the main altar, which will cost
$5000; there are seven stained glass win
dows, to cost $500 apiece, promised, and
there has also been promised $1000 for
each of the side altars. It will be a beau
tiful structure when it shall have been
finished.
Egyptian— Miss Harriet Skidmore, Miss Sarah
Burnett, Mrs. Robert J. Harrison, Mrs. Joseph
Pescia.
Arctic— Mrs. John Allen. Mrs. John Gilmartln.
Mrs. William J. Clasby. Mrs. A. E. Henrlcks
and aids. .
Holy Crocs Abbey— Mrs. J. F. Sullivan, Mrs.
J. Ivancovlch. Mrs. P. J. Thomas. Mrs. J. T.
McCormick. Mrs. C. A. Kinnlff and assistants.
The Fortress— Under the direction of the fol
lowing post graduates of. St. Brlgid's Convent:
Miss M. Convey, Miss E. Desmond, Mrs. F.
Enrlpht. Miss M. Cooper. Mrs. L. Rourke. Miss
M. Power. Miss K. Galvin. Miss Majrtrle Power
Miss A. Conve- Miss I* English, Mrs. J.
Kencel. Mrs. J. Duffy, Miss S. Healy Mrs. M.
McGurren, Miss D. Jennings, Miss j. Smith.
Mies E. Toohey, Miss B. Kennedy, Miss T.
Brown.
Roman Villa-Mrs. E. F. O'Connor Mrs. A
J. Vanderwhlte. Mrs. W. O'Nell. Mrs. J. Gill!
Alhambra and Mikado— Mrs. Luk* Robinson.
Mrs. Tibertlo Parrott. Mrs. J. N. Wilson Mrs
1 Fisher. Miss Louise Gaillard. Miss M E
Schmidt, Miss J. Conley, Miss Farron, Miss
\V ilson. Miss Feeney, Mrs. McLean. Miss Hob
lnsr.n. Miss MelrcEe.
Refreshment, a garden of palms— Mrs. Frank
Tillnuuy Mrs. George Barron, Mrs. H. 'A. Hor
kin. Miss F. Welch and associates.
The Cliffs— Mies Anna Hayden. MIbs Cecil
Harriron, Miss M. Kelly, Miss Ida Smalllng-,
Miss A. Eagran. MIbs M. . Murphy. Miss Carrie
Kldd and other Sodallsts.
on the outside to resemble the doorway
to a palace. Both the Arbor and the Pal
ace are in charge of the same ladies.
Tho ladies In charge of the booths are:
Across the end of the space devoted to
the fair Is the Holy Cross Abbey, entered
through the stone gateway overgrown
with ivy and seeming to pierce the base
of an old gray tower. ,The booth is dec
orated in blue and white, and for sale
there are all sorts of pretty things.
The fortress, painted to represent an
old sally port, is decorated in green and
pink. It is devoted to fancy work and
tapestries and rugs.
The Arctic booth comes next In line, on
the oujtside painted to represent a scene
of snow and ice and on the inside deco
rated In green and white. It, too, is de
voted to fancy articles. Adjoining it is
the Egyptian booth , covered on the out
side with ancient columns marked by
helroglyphics and scarabe.es and draped
on the inside with folds of pink and white
The St. Brigld'a Gazette, the official or
gan of the fair, is published from tha-
Egyptian booth. It is a paper that will
be issued daily. Miss Harriet Skidmore
Is editress and Miss Sarah Burnett as
sistant.
The Palestine booth, painted to repre
sent a Moorish building, is decorated in
pink and green. It Js devoted to fancy
articles. Among its attractions to the
buyer are a painting, "The Lost Sheep,"
by Hall; a beautiful dressing case and a
writing desk.
The Arbor Is the flower booth. It is paint
ed to represent a forest and the visitors
enter under the spreading branches of
two old oaks. Inside it Is fitted up in blue
and pink. It adjoins the Palace booth,
decorated in the same colors and painted
A pretty little landscape by Dolan will be
one of the articles for sale in tho villa.
The doorway to the booth is painted to
represent the portal of a Roman residence.
The door to the AlhamtJra. the next
booth, opens through a Moorish archway
into a pretty little rbom done in yellow.
Thera are fancy articles of every kind
for sale; furniture, old lace, an onyx
clock, sofa pillows and a hundred other
things. To lure the intending purchaser,
the ladles have secured from Kohler &
Chase a pianola and a piano, and these
they will keep going. They will also have
a palmist who will peer through the hand
and into the future of any one who will
pay for it. Adjoining the Alhambra and
under the charge of the same ladies Js
the Mikado booth, draped in red, where
the thirsty, having completed one side of
the gallery, may again moisten their
throats. The Mikado booth has tea and
cakes and oyster cocktails and light bev
erages served by the prettiest of girls—
which means all in the booth.
WELLINGTON" MINES
PEEMANENTLY CLOSED
Coal Supply Is Exhausted and
Operations Are Transferred to
a New Location.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
VICTORIA. B. C. Oct. 6— The last pil
lar of Pit No. 5 of the Wellington Col
lieries was taken out to-day and the
mines, which for twenty years have em
ployed from 500 to 1000 men, were closed.
For many years the annual output has
averaged about 200,000 tons, but a few
years ago R. Dunsmuir & Sons, the
owners, saw the supply would soon be ex
hausted and beg'an to look for a new lo
cation. This was found at Wellington
Extension, and as pit after pit at Welling
ton was worked out, new pits were
opened at Extension, and the men em
ployed at Wellington were transferred
there. Some months ago the shipping
point was changed from Departure Bay
to the new town of Ladysmith, and ex
tensive bunkers were erected at the latter
place.
Six pits were being worked at Welling
ton, but all are now abandoned and the
water Is coming ,in without hindrance.
The machinery, will be taken out and used
at the Extension.' What was a year ago
a prosperous mining town of a few thou
sand people, is to-day deserted and the
whole population . of Wellington consists
o» a few employes at the railway car
shops. Even these will be removed at
the beginning of the year to Ladysmith.
TWO ALASKAN VESSELS
BRING MEN AND GOLD
Charles G. Debney of San Franci
One of the Lucky Miners With
Dust
SEATTLE. Oct. €.— Two hundred and
¦^thirty-three Alaska and British Yukon
passengers came on the steamers Hum
boidt and Al-Ki, which arrived from the
north to-day. As cargo the vessel had
not less than $250,000 of treasure. Twenty
of the Humboldt's 117 Klondike passen
gers owned the bulk of that vessel's gold.
Mrs. E. B. Barrett, the wife of a suc
cessful Circle City miner, had a sack con
taining 510.00) worth of dust. Charles G.
Debney and tTly Galsford. Klondike opera
tors ajid passengers of the Humboldl, had
about 51O.(XX> each. Debney Is a son of
Captain Gerard Debney of Ban Francisco,
long master of the Pacific Coast Steam
ship Company's vessels. He owns vaJu
a.b!e mines on Dominion Creek, as does
aJso Galsford.
Conference Committees Named.
Special Dispatch to The Call
SANTA CRtTZ. Oct. 6.— At the Advent
Christian conference to-day the following
committees were appointed:
Conference committee— William Snider.
Banta Cruz: W. H. Switzer, Xapa: W. R.
Younp, Oakland; Dr. P. B. Morgan. San
Francisco.
Ministerial committee— Dr. H. F. Car»
penter, Santa Cruz; W. McFadyen, Napa
THE fair in aid of St. Brigid'a
opened last evening in the Pa
vilion with a glitter and rush that
promises a great success 'and big
pots of money for the church. It
is one cf the prettiest falre that
has ever been ¦ held here. It is
: original in idea and design and taste
i ful in execution, and the ladies who have
had the preparations in their charge may
well be proud of their work.
Tho fair occupies but half of the art
gallery of the Pavilion, but if the Yittend
' ance warrants it can easily by the shlft-
I Ing of one booth be made to take In the
entire length of the gallery, more than
doubling the space now occupied. Each
booth has a design of Its own from which
It takes its name, and each Is decorated In
colors of its own.
The entrance Is between two large
paintings, one | representing the ancient
city of Jerusalem and the other tha city
of Bethlehem. The booths— there are
twelve— are ranged along each side of the
gallery. They form a picturesque scene,
and each is full of dainty thing's to eat
or to see or to sell. And each is in charge
of a bevy of maids and matrons that make
sure no euest is sent away with a wish
unsatisfied.
The refreshment booth. Is handy ,to the
doorway — the first and the last — and Just
across the way is Its annex, the soda
water fountain, inviting the thirsty to
sample its beverages. They are fitted up
like gardens of palms. It Is the intention
of the ladies of the refreshment booth to
serve a 25 cent lunch every day from 11
to 1, during which time there will be no
admission fee charged at the door. They
look forward to much patronage from the
army of clerks in the City Hall. There
will be no soliciting of trade during- the
lunch hour, so those that come may be
sure of retaining sufficient money to pay
for their meals.
The Cliffs is the next booth, so called
because, of the design of Its front. The
doorway opens through an Immense cliff,
giving all within the appearance of a cave.
The booth is decorated in green and white.
It has a wheel of fortune, a fish pond,
candy and a host of other things. Next
to It is th© Roman Villa, decorated In yel
low and white, and crowded to the doors
with fancy articles of every description.
GATETT AND DASH MARKED THE OPENING LAST NIGHT AT THE PAVILION OF ST. BRIGID'S PARISH
FAIR. THE ATTENDANCE WAS LARGE AND THE LADIES DID A RUSHING BUSINESS. FATHER COT
. TLE AND HIS ASSISTANTS GAVE CONSTANT AID.
A short time ago Mrs. Hulse left her
husband, Kd Hulse. a barkeeper in tha
Office saloon, and went to San Francisco
to live. On their return here their
trouble was patched up, and Hulse sent
his wife to a cottape on North San Pedro
street. She and Mrs. Sarroillo were there
yesterday afternoon. Mrs. Hulse at 3
o'clock asked her husband to send her
up eome food. When the meal was taken
to the place by August Miller he found
Mrs. Hulse lying on the bed with her
throat cut from ear to ear. Her wind
pipe was severed, and the place was
covered with blood. On a chair beside
her was a butcher-knife, which she had
used. Miller rushed back to the saloon
end Hulse and physicians were soon at
the woman's side. She uied during the
night.
Mrs. Sarroillo was almost a raving
maniac, and Insisted on caressing her
<Jying sister. Opiates were administered
end she was taken Uf the police station.
An examination of Mrs. Sarroillo to-day
shows that she is insane, and there is lit
tle hope she will recover her reason. She
has been taken to the County Jail, where
che will be held several days, pending an
examination as to her sanity.
The Coroners jury at the inquest this
evening returned a verdict that Mrs.
Hulse "came to her death from a knife
¦wound at her own hands while tempo
rarily insane."
Mrs. Hulse was 28 years old, and a na
tive of San Jose.
Upon the arrest of J. B. Sarrcillo for the
ehootir.g- of FVeels. Mrs. Mamie Hulse. a
sister-in-law, residing In San Francisco.
came to this city to comfort Mrs. Sarroillo
Mrs. Hulse went to her sister's horns
rear New Almaden. Sarroillo was in jail
and the women decided to visit him, and
•wa^ed the nine miles to this city. Sar
roHlo subsequently obtained his release on
bail, but the •women remained In town.
On Wednesday and Thursday nights they
were about the streets in a dazed condi
tion, bordering on insanity.
SAN JOSE. Oct. 6.— One woman dead by
her own hand and her sister insane is the
tragic scque! to the shooting of W. H.
F"reels last Sunday for taking a few
bunches of grapes from a vineyard near
New AJtnadtin.
Si«^1al I>iEi>a.tch to The Call.
Shock Following the One Unfortu
nate Woman's Death Unbalances
the Mind of the
Other.
SELF-INFLICTED WOUND FATAL
Worry Over a Brother's
Arrest Leads to Double
Tragedy.
MS. HULSE DIES
A SUICIDE-HER
SISTER INSANE
The hay v.as stolen from the Bor.ton
F*ruit Company's barn, which is located
c!os-e to Beetle's residence. He was ar
raigned for the theft and was lined $15 by
Justice Phillips. A laprobe he had in his
fcugcy at the time of his arreet was given
up by him to Merchant E. K. Hamilton,
who identified it as his property.
Bt-ebt's residence was searched by Con
stable Wall and almost ail of the articles
stolen in the vicinity during the past two
years were recovered ana identilied by
their owners Much of the plunder was
concealed in a concrete lemon house. Be
fore the arrival of the officer Beebe fled,
but he was later rearrested -near River
side on a warrant charging him vrith hav
ing robbed Charles XV. Main's residence in
July of last year. The prisoner confessed
his puilt and acknowledged having also
looted Barth & MacGillivray's store on
January 7. this year, when he obtained
guns, razors and valuable cutlery. Me
confessed that he had purloined a tent
from Dr. J. C. Gleascn on April 7 and had
broken Into Dr W. F. Perry's barn on
September 21 and stolen JC*) loaded shot
gun shells. Other steals wtre admitted
by the prisoner.
Beebe's preliminary hearing oa the first
charge of burglary took place yesterday
at Riverside before Judpe Mills. He was
bound oyer tc appear before the Superior
Court. Other charges of burglary will be
filed against him. The total value of the
stolen property Js about $T>00.
CORONA, Oct. C— For the past two years
Corona merchants and citizens have suf
fered from .the depredations of a cunning
thkf. The culprit eluded the %igilance of
the officers until Wednesday morning,
when he was captured by Constable
Charles Wall while en route to Los An
geles with some hay and goods he had
stolen. His arrest has caused a tremen
dous sensation, tor the thief proves to be
E. A. Bev;be. a man who has resided In
Corona lor the past two years and has
been a prominent member of the First
Kaptist Church. His wife has been a
tcacner In the public schools for two
years and was recently reappointed to the
position for the present term. Beebe is
the lather of live cnilaren— four girls and
one boy— all unusually bright .
Special Dispatch to The Call.
E. A- Beebe, a Man of Family, Con
fesses Numerous Crimes Ex
tending 1 Back Over Period
of Two Years.
LOOT HIDDEN IN HIS HOUSE
Corona Burglar Proves. to
Be a Leading Church
Member.
GARB OF PIETY
USED TO CLOAK
HIS RASCALITY
;Dr. Tlllie Dlttenhoefer, formerly 1137
Geary, has returned from Europe and has
permanently located at lQ17;Sutter. •
Returned.
The freight engine, northbound, dropped
its cars for some reason not yet known
and went on toward Edmonds to flag tl\e
passenger to a siding, there to await the
passage of the freight. The" passenger
train engineer received no instructions to
stop at Edmonds and came on, meeting
the freight engine as it rounded a sharp
curve. The freight engine^ was running
at full speed and the two* engines were
telescoped. Both engineers were burled
in the wreck and terribly scalded. They
were taken to the hospital at Everett
Engineer 'Work lived only a few hours
He leaves a widow in this city.
SEATTLE, Oct 6.-A heaVend collision
between passenger and freight engines on
the Great Northern line occurred at 11
o'clock this morning a short distance
south of Edmonds, • about fourteen miles
north of this city. Sam Work. , engineer
of the passenger train, was killed, and
Charles Spring, engineer of the freight
train, was seriously Injured. Both en
gines were wrecked and the firemen and
a number of passengers slightly injured.
Engineer Sam "Work looses His Idf e
and Charles Spring Is Sari-'
* ously Injured and
- Scalded. ; •
HEAD-END COLLISION
. ON BREAT NORTHERN
Artists' Materials.
Ours is the' most complete artists',
architects' and t; photographers' supply
house on the coast. Oil, water color, and
china painting materials, pyrography, ma
chines, and a new. lot of superior quality
skins, wooden novelties and \leather arti
cles for burning Just ¦ received, Sanborn,
Vail & Co., 741 Market at." ~ . •
Preliminary, Hearing of Chief of Po
, lice Stanford's Assailant De
velops n, Peculiar
j Defense.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
VALLEJO. Oct. 6.— The preliminary ex
amination of W. B. Acock, charged with
having assaulted Chief of Police W. T.
Stanford with a deadly weapon with in
tent to murder, was called in Justice
Genty's court this morning. The prose
cution was conducted by District Attor
ney F. B. Devlin, and the defense by
Grove L. Johnson of Sacramento and H.
D. Gill of Vallejo. The caa© has taken a
peculiar turn and bids fair to become one
of great importance to the city of Vallejo.
Acock's defense will be that Stanford Is
not an officer of the law. This means
that Vallejo's charter is to be attacked.^
The witnesses heard' to-day differed as
to whether Stanford drew his pistol be
fore or after having been struck by
Acock. Most of them were of the opinion
that Stanford was attacked before draw
ing his weapon. The case was continued
until Thursday for argument. Acock will
also answer on that date * to the second
charge of resisting an officer. :¦¦ .-.-
ACOCK TO ATTACK
YALLEJO'S CHARTER
Special Dispatch to The Call.
REDDING, Oct. 6.-S. A. J. Eckels, ex-
City Marshal of Bedding, was fatally
stabbed in front of his store In Copper
City last evening by George Veal, a car
penter. Eckels was cut in the abdomen,
the knife making a long, Jagged wound,
and his hours are numbered.
Veal, in an intoxicated condition, en
tered Eckels' store and began abusing
him on account of his politics. The ex-
Marshal tried to quiet the drunken man,
but Veal continued his tirade until Eckels
led him out of the building. Veal returned
and the former scene was repeated. As
the intoxicated man was led out upon the
porch the second time he whipped out a
pocket-knife and slashed Eckels, across
the stomach. The wound was not consid
ered serious at the time. Veal was led
away. ¦ - •< .• •¦ •
. When the serious nature of the wound
he had inflicted was disclosed the assail
ant could not be found. Sobered by his
crime, he had fled into the mountains.
Mr. Eckels was one of tlje - first resi
dents of Bedding, having come here with
the railroad construction crew. He was
Marshal of the city for many terms and
was a noted criminal hunter and a hard
man to handle. • . . ;•
Up to a late hour to-night nothing had
been heard of the fugitive murderer.- If
he be apprehended by the citizens of Cop
per City they may not wait for the law
i to take its course.
Copper City Storekeeper's Life For
feited Because He Disagrees
Politically With a Fellow
Townsman.
FATALLY STABBED
BY DRUNKEN MAN
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, OCTOBER 7, 1900.
20
ST. BRIGID'S BIG FAIR
OPENED AT PAVILION
ADVERTISEMKNTS.
D ?YECTR?c' S Guaranty
tLti/iniu •?v^ to be tha
BELT. ] \- BEST.
We hare belts as low at $5. «ain» a» otben
ie JL 1 L ftt =KHS^J? tch « r Prices, but they aro Sol
r I ?, R \iT I , ER< rF S " " wwant the BKST. *
belt that win cure without medicine, won't
fall to pieces In a «hort time, and which may
"DR* PIERCE 7 !?'""* BrlC8 * 7 ° U mU " hav *
NO*"" Ad?«* ?' cent Bt *n»P fa*" "BOOKLET
) PIERCE* ELECTRIC CO.,
Dfi. HALL'S BEIH ViaORATOBSrass*
Five hundred reward for any OJw^Zr 1 *-*
case we cannct cure. This secret *^1 W-vll
remedy stops all losses In 24 hours
cures Emissions. Impotency, Vari- r"i Wfm
cocele. Gonorrhea, Gl°et Fits '"V'i vTuV
Strictures. Lost Manhood and all iJK 55"
wasting effects of self-abuse or '$5* CSv
excesses. Sent sfa!ed. J2 bottle- 3 r £**r~?r&*
bottles, $3: guaranteed to cure'any case^Ad-
dress HALLS MEDICAL V INSTITUTE S53
Weekly Call, §1 per Year
It Is in convenient, suppository form,
composed of harmless astringents and
healing oils, gives immediate relief in all
forms of piles and a radical cure without
resort to the knife and without pain or
interference with daily occupation
One strong recommendation for the
remedy is that It contains no cocaine nor
opium and la absolutely safe to use at any
time. >,--..¦
One of the suppositories is applied at
night, is absorbed and the cure is natural
and painless.
It permanently cures Itching, bleedinr
or protruding piles and is the only remedy
except a dangerous surgical operation that
will do so.
.All druggists sell a complete treatment
of the suppositories for 50 cents and the
Pyramid Drugr Co. i of Marshall. Mich.,
will mall free to any address a little book
on cause and cure of piles which may be
of assistance In chronic cases.
He continues: However, there is a new
pile remedy which, judging from its popu-
larity and extent of its sale, will goon
taKe the place of all other treatment for
piles. It has certainly made thousands of
cures In this obstinate disease and Its
merit, repeatedly tested, has made it fa-
mous among physicians and wherever in-
troduced. The remedy Is sold by drug-
gists everywhere under name of Pyramid
Pile Cure. .
Another reason is that piles, unlike
many other diseases, is in no sense an
Imaginary trouble. A sufferer from piles
is very much aware of the fact, and for
this reason the few pile salves and oint-
ments, etc., have been short lived because
the patient very soon discovered their
worthlessness.
A prominent physician was recently
asked why It was there are so many
"blood purifiers," "nerve tonics" and
medicines for every ill except one of the
most common and annoying diseases, viz.,
piles.
He replied, there are two principal rea-
sons: ' first, physicians and people in gen-
eral have thought -for years that the only
permanent cure for piles was a surgical
operation and that medicinal preparations
¦were simply palliatives and not a cure for
the trouble.
Field to Itself.
One Patent Medicine Which Has the
HAS NO COMPETITOR.
Good suits for all |
kinds of boys— Sun- j
day suits and school |
suits, long pants and
short pants, all ages i
and in all weaves at |
; all sorts of little I
prices. One whole |
floor devoted to I
boys' clothing. |^
SOME for BIG BOYS 1
ages 12 to 1 9 years — |
double breasted or |
single round cut 1
sacks, blue or black S
Cheviots $5-oo |
Gray mixtures 6.oo a
Oxford grays 7.50 I
New checks 7-5° jf
FOR SMALL BOYS I
double breasted, two I
piece suits— pants with I
double knees and E
seats; in tweeds and I
I cheviots— school suits E
of excellence— b c s t 1
wearing lines we ever
carried arc ready at \ ?
$2.35 $2.85 $3.35 j
FOR LITTLE BOYS
Middy suits for little
chaps with double
breasted vests, small |
rolling collars. Very |
large assortment; I
some have silk vests, I
some are solid colors, I
some are braid trim- |
med and some arc |
plain ; many kinds I
make choosing easy. 1
suit $2-35 to $8.50 I
No ate to par more than Red Front price* |
CASH OR CREDIT.
BIG REDUCTIONS IN
Furniture and Carpets.
CALL AND INSPECT 0U£ PJUCES.
BRILUANT'S,
338-340-342 POST ST.,
Open Xrealnx*. Near Pow«IL
ADVERTISEMENTS. • • ¦
Send Name and Address t'o-Day— You
Can Have It Free and Be Strong
and Vigorous for Life.
INSURES LOVE AND A HAPPY, HOME.
L. W. KNAPP. M. D.
How acy wtn may Quickly cure himself after been extraordinary. It has completely braced
years of suffering from sexual weakness, lest roe up. I am Just as vigorous as when a boy
vitality, night losses, varlcocele. etc, and en- an .!**' ou cannot, realize how happy I am."
larce email weak crsacs to full size and visor. n».nf,^f ,fi£T r .- metl L o< l y orked beautifully.
E1 mply send your name and addr.*, to Dr. L. *£> Wr^av^mpTe^ y 1 Sntd liSI n*
W. Knapp. I37J HuU building. Detroit. Mich.. Iar*em«-nt Is entirely Batlsfactonr'
Mid he will glaflly eerd the free receipt with "Hear Sir— Yours wa« received and I had nn
full directions so tLat eny man may easily cura trouble In making use of the receipt as direct iS
himself at home. Thle Is certainly a most and can truthfully »ay it Is a boon to w«w
eenerous offer and the following extracts taken men. I am greatly Improved In alze ¦tr*nl?h
from hl« dally mall show what men think of and vleor." v™v C « m »ae. «tren«th
bin i cenerosity. All correspondence ts itrictly confidential;
l>*r fiir— Please accept my sincere thanki mailed la plain, seaied envelope. Th« recelDt
for your* of recent date. I have riven your is free for the asking: and he wasta every man
treatment a th crouch test and the benefit baa to barr'lt.Steamer Movements.
TO ARRIVE.
BOWEXS LANDING— Arrived Oct ft— Schr
Newark, for San Francisco. "
FORT BRAOO— Sailed Oct &-Strar National
City, for San Francisco.
SANTA BARBARA — Arrived Oct ft— Schr
Maxim, from Eureka.
FORT LUDLOW— Sailed Oct ft-Bark Caron
delet, for Valparaiso.
FOREIGN* PORTS.
HONGKONG — Palled Oct 6— Jap stmr Hong
kong Mam. for San Francisco.
NAGASAKI— Sailed Oct 2— Ger ship Gertrud.
TAHITI— Left In port by bktn Tropic Bird—
Fr bark Grande Duche*«e Olga. bktn City of
Tapeete, waltlne Instructions. ¦
OCEAN STEAMERS.
NEW YORK— Sailed Oct ft— Stmr Eros, for
Genoa; stmr Ethiopia.* for Glasgow; stmr Penn
sylvania, for Hamburg: stmr Rotterdam, for
Rotterdam; stmr Manltou, for London; stmr
Campania, for Liverpool.
GENOA— Sailed Oct 4— Stmr Werra, for New
• LIVERPOOL— Sailed Oct ft— Stmr Lucania, for
ANTWERP— Sailed Oct 8-^-Stmr Kensington,
for New York.
HAVRE— 8alled Oct 6— Stmr La Loralne, for
HONGKONG — Arrived prior to Oct 8 — Btmr
China, from San Francisco. Honolulu and Yo
"lONLON— Sailed Oct I— Stmr Mlnnehaha, for
New York. jH_1_1
F-efuses to Accept Frizes.
NEW YORK, Oct. 6.— Cornelius Vander
bilt'has written* a letter to .the regatta
committees of the club3 and societies
under whose auspices he has raced during
the past season. In the letter he volun
tarily refuses to accept the various prizes
won by the Rainbow, because he learna
that the Rainbow had no right to take on
additional ballast without being remeas
ured and by doing so she was disqualified.
Kentucky's Election Lavs.
FRANKFORT. Ky.. Oct. 6.— The Senate
to-day passed a substitute for the HotEM
election bill. The substitute ls virtually
a return to the law which wa3 In fnrr*
when the GoeBel law was enacted and
under which the County Juices appoint
the election officers. The House will al
most certainly reject the substitute an.!
the chances for the passage of a new
election law at this session are not good.
Picture Frames.
We make thousands of feet of moulil-
Injars every day and use^hem all framing
pictures for almost everybody. We also
Import mouldings and have Just received
a lot of new deigns !n vert cherry, bena
ebony and gilts. Sanborn. Vail & Co.,
741 Market st. •
buildln? was dropped at exactly noon to-day —
1. *.. at noon of the llOth meridian, or at 8
o'clock p. m., Greenwich time.
C. O. CALKIXS.
Lieutenant Commander. 17. S. N., In charge.
Time Ball.
Branch Hydrog-raphtc Office. TJ. ' S." N., Mer
chants' Exchance, San Francisco. Cal..
October 6. 1900.
The time ball on the tower of the new Ferry
NOTE.— In the above exposition of the tide*
th« early TnorniniT tides are- given in the Wt
hand column and th» successive tides of th«
day in the order of oecurr*nc» . as to Urn* of
the day *h* third time column the third tide
and tbf U«t or right hand column Kives th«
last tid« of the day. except when there are but
three tides, as sometimes occurs. The heights
riven are in addition to the soundlns on the
United States Coast Survey charts, except
when a minus slim (— ) precedes th« height,
and then the number given Is subtracted from
the depth Blv<»n by the charts. The plane of
reference ls the mean of the lower low waters.
TO SAIL.
Per bark Undaunted-Sailed from San Fran
cisco Sent 28 for Comox. On Oct 3. lat 39 50
N. k>n 128 15 W. had a heavy WSW gale Car
ried away foretopmast and headgear. Returned
for repairs.
TELEGRAPHIC. . *
POINT LOBOS, Oct 6, 10 p m-Weather
hazy; wind NW, velocity 8 miles.
DOMESTIC PORTS ,
EUREKA— Arrived Oct 5— Stmr Del N'orte
hence Oct 4— Stmr Pomona, hence Oct 5; schr
Bertie Minor, hence Sept 29; achr Eva, from
Kahului; schr Jessie Minor, from Kallua- schr
Emma Claudlna. from Kahului.
Sailed Oct 5 — Schr Bertha Dolbeer, for New
port (S); stmr Paaaneda, for San Pedro; Btmr
Brunswlck, for San Francisco; atmr North
Fork, for San Francisco; stmr Del Norte, for
Astoria, via Cooe Bay; stmr Eureka, for San
Francisco; bktn Mary WInkelman, for Ade-
TILLAMOOK— Arrived Oct 6— Stmr W H
Kru-er, hence Oct 3.
GREENWOOD-Salled Oct 6, at 5 p m-Stmr
Greenwood, for Ban Francisco.
NEWPORT— Arrived Oct 6— Schr Sparrow
from Eureka.
PORT TOWNSEND-Pasned Oct 6-Schr Ad
miral, for Port Gamble; stmr Humboldt for
Skaguay.
Arrived Oct «— Schr J M Weatherwax, from
Honolulu.
GRAYS HARBOR— Sailed Oct E— Schrs Sailor
Boy and Laura May, for San Francisco.
Arrived Oct 6— Schr Lillebonne, hence Sept 28.
PORT GAMBLE— Arrived Oct 6— Schr \V H
Talbot. from Port Blakeley; schr Admiral, from
Port Townsend.
SEATTLE— Sailed Oct 5— Stmr Czarina, for
Tacoma; Dutch »tmr Wllhelmlne. for Tacoma;
schr A M Baxter, for San Pedro. Oct 6— Stmr
Senator, for Car>e Nome.
Arrived Oct 6 — Stmr Humboldt and stmr Al-
Ki. from Alaska.
ASTORIA— Arrived Oct 6— Ger ship Phila
delphia, from Honolulu.
NEAH HAY— Passed In Oct 6— Schr Ludlow,
from San Pedro, for Port Blakeley; ship A J
Fuller, hence Sept 11, for Tacoma.
Passed out Oct 6— Nor stmr Tellus, from Che
mainus, for San Francisco; echr AM Baxter,
from Peattlf, for San Pedro.
CRESCENT CITY— Sailed Oct 6— Etmr Cres
cent City, for San Francisco.
MEMORANDUM.
Sept 4. south of Staten Island— Br ship Glau
cub, rrom London, for San Francisco.
SPOKEX.
Saturday, October 6.
Bark Undaunted, Davidson, hence Sept 28,
lor comox, on account of carryins away fore
topmast.
Saturday. October 6.
Stmr Bonlta. XicolBon, San Pedro
Stmr Ukme, Kchaire, Eureka.
Stmr Brunswick, Andreaen, southern coast
Stmr Proirreso. Zollinsr, Tacoma.
Stmr L.uella. Mad sen. Caspar.
Br stmr Warneld. Pattle. Chemainus.
Ship Oriental, Parker, Seattle. >
Br ship Oweenee, Burchell, Queenstown
Hark Tidal Wave, Lleblg;, Tacoma.
Bark Mohican. Kelly, Honolulu.
Schr Challenger. Anderson. Seattle.
Sohr Mary Buhne, Weber. Eureka.
Schr Lucy, Peterson. Umnqua.
Schr Lily, Bott«r. Umpqua, River.
Schr Rio Rey, Johnson, Bowens Landing.
RETURNED.
SAILED.
The new mail service between San Fran
cisco, Tahiti and the Marquesas will be
inaugurated on November 1. Hitherto all
the passengers, cargo and mail have been
carried by the barkentlnes Tropic Bird
and City of Papeete and the brig Galilee.
These three vessels have given an excel
lent service, but of course It has been
slow, and In consequence the French col
onies have been cut off from the main
land sometimes for two months at a time.
When Governor General G. Gallet pass
ed through San Francisco several years
ago on his way to Papeete he said that
one of the chief alms of his administra
tion would be to establish a permanent
steamer service between Tahiti and the
Pacific Coast. The roundabout service
via Hawaif, Samoa, Fiji. New Zealand,
Australia and England to France did not
meet with his approval. Ever since then
Governor Gallet has been trying to estab
lish a steamer line between Papeete and
San Francisco. An attempt was made
with the Homer, but it failed. The little
steamer ls a comfortable and well-equip
ped vessel in every way. but she could not
carry coal enough for the round trip, and
In consequence her performance was not
much better than that of a sailing ship.
When the Oceanic Steamship Company
began building its new ocean fliers Gover
nor Gallet began negotiating with the
company for one of Its spare boats. After
much discussion the Oceanic Company de
cided to place a steamer at the disposal
of the French Government, and In conse
quence the Australia will be withdrawn
from the Honolulu run on her arrival here
next Wednesday and placed on the Ta
hiti run.
In order to do this the Oceanic Com
pany has been compelled to charter the
steamer Queen from the Pacific Coast
Steamship Company. The latter vessel
will go to Honolulu for one trip and then
the Zealandla will take up the running
until the Alameda and the new steamers
are ready for service.
The Australia will be- a revelation to
the Tahitian8. She is a modern vessel in
every respect. Her cold-storage plant will
enable the merchants of Papeete to fend
a big lot of tropical frulta to this port,
while a run of ten days will seem nothing
compared with thirty-five and forty days
usually taken by the sailing vessels. Ta
hiti is the "Lotus land" of the Pacific and
a few months will see It the most eagerly
sought after excursion point In the South
ern Seas. '¦
SAIIX>BS ABE STILL SCARCE.
Many Vessels Detained in Port for
"Want of Crews.
The British ships Glencaird and Mllvef-
ton and the Chilean bark Juan Peral are
all tied up In .the 6tream because men can
not be procured to man them. The Owee
na was In the same box for several days,
but fortunately enough sailors were pro
cured for her early yesterday morning and
she got to sea on the first tide. Four or
five vessels now loadlnc at Port Costa
are nearly ready to come down and the
boarding masters are haunting every sal
mon vessel that comes in for men. "Blood
money" is now $40 a man and by the looks
of things It will go to $50 before the week
is out. ' '¦'' ¦'-',¦
The big cannery ship Bt. Nicholas was
released from quarantine yesterday. A
couple of Chinese died during the voyage
down from Bristol Bay and T7ere placed
in pickle. In consequence Dr. Klnyoun
kept all hands aboard until noon yester
day.
It did not take the crew long to get
ashore aa soon as the vessel was released,
but as each man had from $3»v. to $500
coming to him none of them were willing
to ship again- for an ocean voyage, so the
boarding masters got fooled. - >
On the Two Brothers, which also cam©
In from the canneries Friday night, the
men did not know just where they stood.
They signed to make the trip for $50. but
on arriving at Nushagak demanded $100.
Captain Wilson laughed at their request
and in consequence there was almost a
mutiny. Nearly every man aboard has
been fined and In consequence all the sea
men on the Two Brothers will remain
ashore until the matter is settled.
Water Front Notes.
The bark Undaunted, which sailed from
here on September 28 for Comox. B. C.
put back to port yesterday. T"ie lost her
foretopgrallant mast In a gale last Thurs
day off Point Arena.
The barkentine Tropic Bird arrived from
Tahiti last night. The voyage was an un
eventful one.
Captain B. Nelson of the bar!:entlne W.
H. Dlmond has been appointed master of
the barkentine S. N. Castle. Captain Hub
bard of the Castle will remain ashore,
The steamer Jeanle was grot off the
rocks at Point Arena yesterday. She will
be towed to San Francisco and over
hauled. As far as can be learned all the
damage done to the tight little craft is
the loss of her rudder and rudder post
The Philadelphia, Iowa and Ranger
leave for Santa Barbara channel on Mon
day, where they will act as stakeboats
for the Wisconsin on her trial trip. The
Wisconsin will follow them Tuesday.
• Charters.
The Annie Johnson load* merchandise for
Hilo; the Adrr.lral, lumber at Port Gamble for
Sydney, G2s 6d. option of Melbourne or Ade
laide, 6Ss' 8d, prior to arrival; the C. D. Bry
ant, "merchandise for Honolulu; the Charles
Gounod, wheat or barley for Europe. J9» 3d.
prior to arrival; the Deehmont, wheat at Port
land for Europe, 36s 3d. option of salmon, 3T«
6d, prior to arrival; the Kllmory. wheat at
Portland for Europe, 42s 6d, prior to arrival;
the Otillie Fjord, lumber at Eureka for Ka
hului; the Osterbek. wheat at Portland for
Europe. 40s, prior to arrival: the St. Katherlne,
merchandise for Honolulu; the Rufus E. Wood,
lumber at Chemainus for Melbourne or Ade
laide, 60s, prior to arrival.
Wheat Shipment.
The British ship Oweenee cleared yesterday
for Queenstown for orders with 83,335 ctls
wheat, valued at $88,000, and 20,000 foet lumber
dunnage valued at $300; total value, $83,300.
Shipping Intelligence.
ARRIVED
Saturday, October t.
Stmr Rival, Johnson, 72 hours from Wlllapa
Harbor.
Stmr Santa Rosa. Alexander. 61 hours from
San Die;ro, «tc.
Stmr Point Arena, Hansen, 14 hours from
Mendocino.
Stmr Geo W Elder, Randall, Cl hours from
Portland, via Aptoria 50 hours.
Stmr Cleone, Llndqulst, 15 hours from Cas
par.
Stmr Brunswick, Andresen, 22 hours from
Eureka; bound south; put in to land passen
gers.
Stmr Xorth Fork. aicLelian. 29 hours from
Eureka.
Stmr Fulton, DuRgan, 73 hours from ARtoria.
Stmr Eureka, Jessen, 26 hours from Eureka.
Br stmr Victoria. Ulakey, 4 days from Oys
ter Harbor.
V S tug; Slocum. Evelyn. 86 days from New
York, via St Thomas 78 days, via Pernambuco
€5 days, via Montevideo 47 days, via Sandy
Point 38 days, via Callao 16 days, via Acapulco
7 days.
Hark J D Peters. Townsend. 15 days from
Chienlk Bay.
Bark Albert, Grifnths, 15 days from Hono
lulu.
• Bark Andrew Welch, Drew, 22 days from
Honolulu.
Brig Geneva, Aas, 10 days from Port Gamble.
CLEARED.
Saturday, October 6.
Stmr Geo W Elder, Ilandn.ll, Astoria; Oregon
Railroad and .Vav Co.
Stmr Curacao, Parsons, Guaymas; Goodali,
Perkins & Co.
Stmr Santa Rosa, Alexander, San Diego;
Goodali. Perkins & Co.
Stmr Umatllla, Cousins, Victoria, «tc; Good
all. Perkins & Co.
Nor stmr Tltania, Egen«s, Xanalmo; John
Ro8enfeld's Sons.
Br ship Oweenee. Burchell, Queenstown; L
KnufCman.
Dark Edward May, Hansen, Honolulu; Alex
ander & Baldwin.
TTSTO STEAMERS COME
TOGETHER IN A FOG
Collision Between the Morgan liner
Elmonte and the British
Steamer Happahanock.
N'EW yOBK. Oct. 6. — The Morgan line
Ft>-amcr Elmonte, which arrived to-day
lrom New Orleans, reports having been in
collision with the British steamer Rappa.
hanock. bound from Liverpool for New
port News. The collision occurred yester
day in latitude Zl.i'), longitude 74.23. A
dense log prevailed at the time.
The £imonte had her bow stove in and
vorrse plates en the starboard bow showed
a deep indentation, and the sail was hang
ing across the bow to prevent the water
coming in. Nothing was learned as to
the damage to the Rappahanock. Afier
the collision shp steamed westward to
v.urd Cape Henry and the Elmonte pro-
Canadian Telegraph Line.
"WASHINGTON. Oct. 6.— General Gree
ly, chief signal officer, has received from
Superintendent Charlson of the Canadian
telegraph information of the progress be
ing made with the Canadian telegraph line
to Alaska, which the United fctat.-s ex
pects to use during the coming winter ir
communication with fort Egbert. The
Canadian Government has built 570 miles
north from Quc-snelle, 400 miles south from
Atlin and To miles north from Dawson.
This leaves two gaps, one of 64 miles
eouth of Atlin and the other of 20 mile-!
cearer the international boundary line.
New Trial Denied.
EUrCELRT, Pa.. Oct. 6. — George John-
Bon cf Zefiia, who presided over the trial
of the five Councilmen and three agents
for brick companies who were convicted
during the May term of court for con
spiring to defraud the borough of Sham
okln in street improvement contracts, to
day handed down a lengthy opinion refus
ir.e to grant a new trial to the defendants.
The eig-ht men were sentenced to pay a
fine of $400 and to undergo an Imprison
ment of tour months. The sentence will b<s
appealed.
Hevenu.es in Philippine*.
"vTASHTNGTON, Oct. 6.— The War De
partment to-day mad» public a statement
showine the revenues in the Philippines
for tiie first seven months of 1300 to have
been $4.7£2,0S0, an increase over the corre
sponding period of 1S53 of $2,035,335. The
customs receipts for the period named in
1900 were $3^^2.245 and the internal reve
nue receipts J326.10L The postal receipts
beginning July 1 were deposited in the
treasury and for that month amounted to
$110,643.
Fire Followed Explosion.
raONwOOD. inch., Oct. 6.-Flre last
right caused by damp explosion destroyed
the machine shops, electric lighting and
aJr compressor plant of th« Oliver Iron
Mining Company, entailing a heavy loss.
NEW YORK. Oct. 6.-A certificate of
incorporation of the Exchange Telegraph
Company has been filed with the County
Clerk of Hudson County, New Jersey, and
with the Secretary of* State at Trenton.
The authorized capital stock is tt.wO.OOO.
divided into 50.000 shares of $100 each. The
objects of the company are to transmit
and sell throughout the United States all
kinds of news and to operate tickers for
the transmission of market quotations.
The incorporation is effected by the
members of the Board of Trade of Chi
cago and other cities to build and operate
board of trade lines. The company is <>r-
B»Tlt»ed because of a recent contract be
tween the Foetal and Western Union Tel
t pxaph Company growinp out of the quo
tations of the Chicago Board of Trade to
bucket shops.
CHICAGO, Oct. 6.— President W. S.
"Warren of the Chicago Board of Trade
saJd to-day that the work of construction
•of the n« w ts>*=iem will begin as soon as
practicable. Stock will be placed on the
market shortly after Xovi-mbt-r 1. When
• •ompleted tiie lines will be 4722 miles in
length.
According to President Warren, the new
company will have exclusive privileges in
the matter of telegraph wires. To the As
sociated l J r< tt- President Warren made the
following statement:
"The project for building a new tele
graph system to connect the various com
dercial exchanges of the countrv has
grown out of the efforts of the Chicajro
iioard of Trade to suppress bucket shops.
Through the medium of the control of.
their quotations. It b->lr.g necessary for
the carrying out of their plan? to have a
teiegraph company which would co-ope
rate with the board, and the existing cuin
panic-5 having declined to accede to cer
tain reasonable conditions imposed by the
board. It was decided to incorporate this
new company, with which the board has
authorized an exclusive contract for space
in their bulMir.g and for the distribution
of their quotations to points which the
Dew company will nach. This will in
clude all iitus where commercial «-x
cbaagea exim and other points where the
grain bustnens will justify it.
"A representative of the Exchang-e Tele
graph Company is now engaged in secur
ing: from other exchanpes contracts for
fr*e s--7»:!^e and the co-ojjeration of all the
«'Xcf::jntrt-s will insure the success of the
new company beyond a pcradventure. as
it is well known that the interexchanpe
business- and the U-asing of private wires
to brokers is the most profitable business
in all the Ji>-!<1 "f t^leprraphy."
Its Projectors Hope, by "Withholding
Quotations, to Effectually Kill
Off All Bucket
Shops.
New Telegraph Company Is
Incorporated in New
Jersey.*
COMMERCIAL
EXCHANGES T0
BE CONNECTED
Sun, Mooa and Tide.
United States Coast and Geodetic Surrey-
Times and Height* of ' High and Low
. Water* at Fort Point, entrance to San
Francisco Bar. Published ~ by official au
• thorlty of the Superintendent. •
' NOTE.— The nlarh and low water* occur at
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, OCTOBER 7, 1900.
Fast Mail Steamer to Ply Between the Port of
San Francisco and Tahiti, Thereby Dis-
Ly 1 CA vll lcl <J 1 Vy V V vl v^ / LA 11C1 u« .
AUSTRALIA WILL GO ON THE RUN
TO PAPEETE ON NOVEMBER FIRST
THE STEAMER AUSTRALIA, THAT IS TO INAUGURATE THE NEW MAIL SERVICE BETWEEN SAN FRAN
CISCO AND TAHITI, AND THE GOVERNOR GENERAL OF THE FRENCH DEPENDENCY. THE AUSTRA
LIA IS NOW BLACK. BUT WILL BE PAINTED WHITE.
the city front (Mission-street wharf) about
twenty-five minutes later than at Fort Point;
tb« height of tide ls the sam« at both places.
SUNDAY. OCTOBER 7.
21
Steamer.
From.
Due.
Arcata .........|Coos Bay |Oct. 7
Htate of Cal... ' Portland lOCt. .
Homer :... Newport... Oct. 7
Crescent City.. Crescent City Oct. 8
Iaqua Humboldt Oct. 8
Pomona Humboldt Oct. 8
Coo« Bay Newport.... Oct. 8
San Jow New York Oct.. *
America Maru.. China and Japan; Oct. »
Australia Honolulu Oct.. 9
Rainier Seattle..... Oct. 9
City of Puebla. Victoria Oct. 9
Mineola Tacoma...... Oct. 9
Corona fan TMeiro Oct. 10
Condor Nanalmo A Oct. 30
Eureka Humboldt Oct. 11
Mackinaw ..... Seattle Oct. 11
"WlllametU .... Seattle Oct. 11
Empire ......... Coos Bay '. Oct. 11
Czarina Seattle :.. Oct. 11
Bontta Newport Oct. 12
Matteawan Tacoma Oct. 12
Santa Rosa ....|San Diego... Oct. 14
Steamer.
Destination. I
Sails.
Pier.
Curacao ... Mexico........
Q. Elder ..[Portland......
Eureka ....|Humboldt...:.
City 8ydneylNew York....
Pt. Arena. |Polnt Arena.. |
Umatllla .. Victoria...'....
Santa Rosa San THego..:..
North Fork Humboldt
Rival ...... Wlllapa.......|
Arcata .... Coos Bay
Coptic ...... China & Japan
State Cal.. Portland ..
Coos Bay... Newnort.
Pomona ... Humboldt.....
Corona .... Pan Diego
Rainier ....|Seattle.........|
City PueblalVlctorl*
Bonlta . :. . . iNewport..
Czarina ...|Seattle ....|
Oct. ; *. io ami
Oct. 8. 11 ami
Oct. '- 8, 10 am
Oct. S, 13 m
|Oct. I, 2 pm
lOct. 8. 11 are
(Oct. ft. 11 am
,Oct. I, 9 am
| Oct. 9. ......
Oct. 9, 12 m
Oct. 10. 1 pro
Oct. 10. 11 am
Oct. 10, 9 am
Oct. 10, 2 pm
Oct.' 12. Uim
Oct. 12. ......
lOct. IS. It am
JOct. 14. 11 am 1
Oct. 14 ..|
Pier 11
I Pier 24
Pier U
PMS3
Pier t
Pier 9
Pier U
Pier t
PJerlJ
PMSS
Pier 24
Pier 11
Pier 9
PUr H
PUr 13
Pier »
Pier 24
Pier 8
Bun rises •:!"
Pun set* 5:44
Moon »ets I B:01 a. m.
D Tlmei * iTlme (Time |Tl31«t
¦ 1 Ft. I Ft. Ft. ' . Ft.
? LW H W L W JH W|
7 .../ 8:40 tl.l 10:09 5.7 4:19 O.» 10:57 6.2
8... 4:11 1.5 10:45 3.9 5:03 —O.ll 11:52 5.1
9 .. 5:<U 1.9 11:23 6.0 ">:S3 — 0.4t
H W L W IH W| |L. W|
10 ...I 0:48 4.81 5:4t 2.3J 12:031 6.0 «:43|— 0.4
11 . I'M 4.«l 8:27 ».T 12:4^1 5.9| 7:401—0.4
13 . 2:50 4.5! 7:151 2.9! 1 :3rt? 5.«! S:40^— O.i
IS '.. S:57 4.3| 8:17| 3.3| 2:23| 5.3| 9:45| 0.1
Steamer.
From.
Due.
Arcata .........|Coos Bay |Oct. 7
Htate of Cal... ' Portland lOCt. .
Homer :... Newport... Oct. 7
Crescent City.. Crescent City Oct. 8
Iaqua Humboldt Oct. 8
Pomona Humboldt Oct. 8
Coo« Bay Newport.... Oct. 8
San Jow New York Oct.. *
America Maru.. China and Japan; Oct. »
Australia Honolulu Oct.. 9
Rainier Seattle..... Oct. 9
City of Puebla. Victoria Oct. 9
Mineola Tacoma...... Oct. 9
Corona fan TMeiro Oct. 10
Condor Nanalmo A Oct. 30
Eureka Humboldt Oct. 11
Mackinaw ..... Seattle Oct. 11
"WlllametU .... Seattle Oct. 11
Empire ......... Coos Bay '. Oct. 11
Czarina Seattle :.. Oct. 11
Bontta Newport Oct. 12
Matteawan Tacoma Oct. 12
Santa Rosa ....|San Diego... Oct. 14
Steamer.
Destination. I
Sails.
Pier.
Curacao ... Mexico........
Q. Elder ..[Portland......
Eureka ....|Humboldt...:.
City 8ydneylNew York....
Pt. Arena. |Polnt Arena.. |
Umatllla .. Victoria...'....
Santa Rosa San THego..:..
North Fork Humboldt
Rival ...... Wlllapa.......|
Arcata .... Coos Bay
Coptic ...... China & Japan
State Cal.. Portland ..
Coos Bay... Newnort.
Pomona ... Humboldt.....
Corona .... Pan Diego
Rainier ....|Seattle.........|
City PueblalVlctorl*
Bonlta . :. . . iNewport..
Czarina ...|Seattle ....|
Oct. ; *. io ami
Oct. 8. 11 ami
Oct. '- 8, 10 am
Oct. S, 13 m
|Oct. I, 2 pm
lOct. 8. 11 are
(Oct. ft. 11 am
,Oct. I, 9 am
| Oct. 9. ......
Oct. 9, 12 m
Oct. 10. 1 pro
Oct. 10. 11 am
Oct. 10, 9 am
Oct. 10, 2 pm
Oct.' 12. Uim
Oct. 12. ......
lOct. IS. It am
JOct. 14. 11 am 1
Oct. 14 ..|
Pier 11
I Pier 24
Pier U
PMS3
Pier t
Pier 9
Pier U
Pier t
PJerlJ
PMSS
Pier 24
Pier 11
Pier 9
PUr H
PUr 13
Pier »
Pier 24
Pier 8
Bun rises •:!"
Pun set* 5:44
Moon »ets I B:01 a. m.
D Tlmei * iTlme (Time |Tl31«t
¦ 1 Ft. I Ft. Ft. ' . Ft.
? LW H W L W JH W|
7 .../ 8:40 tl.l 10:09 5.7 4:19 O.» 10:57 6.2
8... 4:11 1.5 10:45 3.9 5:03 —O.ll 11:52 5.1
9 .. 5:<U 1.9 11:23 6.0 ">:S3 — 0.4t
H W L W IH W| |L. W|
10 ...I 0:48 4.81 5:4t 2.3J 12:031 6.0 «:43|— 0.4
11 . I'M 4.«l 8:27 ».T 12:4^1 5.9| 7:401—0.4
13 . 2:50 4.5! 7:151 2.9! 1 :3rt? 5.«! S:40^— O.i
IS '.. S:57 4.3| 8:17| 3.3| 2:23| 5.3| 9:45| 0.1
GRAPE-NTTTS.
FEEDS BRAIN WORKERS
A Food Made Especially for Them, j
A literary woman, Mrs. J. C. Roberts, i
193 Holmes St, Dallas, Texas, has dis-
covered that a properly selected train
food is of great benefit to any brain ;
worker. She says: "My duties as jour-
nalist require me to write all day. par-
ticularly in the winter, but heretofore,
after luncheon, no matter how lifrht 1
made it, 1_ found myself incapacitated
for work for an hour or two. for my
brain would not respond to the demand.
"I saw an advertisement of Grape-
Nuts for brain workers and determined
to give it a trial. I am charmed with the
result, z.r.6 am now in perfect health.
I use Grape-Nuts for luncheon, and
never suffer any inconvenience what-
ever, returning to my work at once,
feelinfr as bright as when I left it. I
know from experience that this prepara-
tion is invaluable for brain workers, who
?.re apt to find that that period of time
given up to digestion is one of almost
total eclipse of mental power."
In this day and age of concentrated
effort it is wise for brain workers to use
a food especially adapted for rebuilding
the brain and nerve centers. Grape-Nuts
food was invented by an expert especi-
ally for that purpose. Knowledge of the
food elements contained in the grains
and how to prepare these elements so
as to be quickly absorbed bv the body,
and used directly to replenish the lost
phosphate of potash (which is exhausted
by mental work) have brought about
the result. The proof can be had bv any
brain worker who will take the trouble
to use Grape-Nuts for a few days.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Anita ¦Cream- is' more thin a softening, soothing prepara- I'H
Jion. It4S a medical. compound which removes the blcm- LSilf
ishes that mar an otherwise beautiful face. Unsightly
freckles, brown* spots, liver patches, muddiness, pimples, r|'
tan and all other discolorations can be removed bv a thor-
ough course of Anita Cream. It coaxes a new skin. The
old skin, with all its blemishes, will gradually come off in unperceived
, particles; thus leaving a new complexion as soft and beautiful as nature
designed it There is nothing in Anita Cream to harm the most deli-
cate skin nor to cause a growth of hair. Thousands of users have
testified to the above facts.
FREE SflWPLE If yon cannot obtain Anita Cream of your firugxist send
• ¦ 60c to us. Full particulars, Instructions and a free sampla
will be mailed to any.addrtu upon receipt" of 2c stamp. ANITA CREAM &
TOILET CO., K>7 Franklin St.. Los Anreles. Cal.
I In rainyuJe(aherth(ydontieak\
w^ucMn^an6^(^^b0a3cotia I
built JoruJeapandcow^^
I tkmQ0de(l-Sowonfyat I
» Mailordei-4fi|lcd- ¦w^V-^4-^738^'74,0 ¦
g^. address dept.CX JVclijtJ Market 5t.^
'-¦/•• y^^i|% yi^BiB^i^mi!* \
W\ mFGnBS3Ks£$-$- : ' : &' Jh '" J w * Win Ha ' 9 Cold Wither Very Soon.
w\ Yil : :^^a58fsfea^'^>^? v*~ < s-v Why Not Sar$ Dociors ' Bi//3 whon
jStl V;j IVi-|.v^VHMhHB^HB^^HBi K^/jr i /v- i You Can Buy
'¦'•^M^Sm^^KB^m^^l { g ' **"'* R enar kably Low Price ?
'¦v-KJMg^K«SaBfflt|JMHiff till I ~ Dozen LADIES' FXuOTNTTLETTB
•'•'^nffPffffCtlii'VTFsBsW ff f if // >fa • i-vX WRAPPERS: made of beat, quality flan-
yhwBSfigMEMfTOaMra SJ I^J . nelette, coming in striped and dotted ef-
'•' : Wi5Hm&B8ISHKi II '^4% ;."•*.*.' '£& fects; trimmed with fancy braided ruffle:
' " ' MVm^BlfVmSmSMJtijmE^ ¦ ll±£? llned : ful1 width: all sizes. All new fall
"•. v -//x- :: /l--*--":-" IKlasgMan&BaaHCTIfc: —^ colorings. Our way of celling wrap- QC.
: r-'il:I>ff.-:-:'--'-- ]ASpvM^^Sv^4mmt *) Mr pers 3OL
j£^^M^S^^^i^^W l ' l rWm/ In ' s ween. .
r '' X 1 ' / know that vou save one-third CHILDREX'S COMBINATION SCTT9.
/ / """" f t the Oneita style, made of very best Pe-
¦ ' by buying at Rosenberg s f ruvian cotton, fleece lined, high neck.
* long sleeves, ankle length, neck finished
SCHOLAFt-Beccuse if Other stores' price on gloves is $1.50 with lace^nd^silk^ape.
and Rosenberg's is $1.00, the difference /« 50c — one -third should see them at this price. 4g c
saved
V^v- n/v..kl» V«..- OAfhrc LADIES' COMBINATION* SriT9. 70 per cent wool.
[ (CS^-TOU tlOUOle YCUr UOIiarS Oneita style, high neck. Ion* sleeves, ankl© length.
Ulofcv)Il Ur%m. grey and white. If, you anticipate buying wool (itt r
I ]?*v*}r IlCre* underwear for fall, here's your chance UvjO t
I jTsK &ffiih\ 7000 yards RIBBON that must be You pay more for the yarn alone than we ask for I
CJZa.^ closed out Lefore the end of the this garment finished. >
¦<%t£r^ iACti) welk? made of best quality extra LADIES' WOOL VESTS, made of finest quality Aus-
thVrt heavy taffeta In all the new fall tralian wool, high neck, Ions sleeves; they come from
//"•^•"jf /wi.[| shades i ' the ' am oua Merode manufacturers, universally
(~ ifA \s)\\ if we mentioned the brand of this known for the exquisite fit and finish of their QC r
V3^3 Pl\ ribbon 6 y?u wSSld know it to be the garments. ROSENBERG'S PRICE WC
V V~r I'IeA *>e«t but buying as we did the 1 name , LADIES' DRAWERS, game quality as the above, ankle
l7n\ can't be divulged. length. French band, with new style draw QG r
/y^^L r*!\ 3^ Inches wide Ittc strings. Our record-breaking price z/<j\>
f y P rinS^e 3 ?:::::::::::.;.^ *&& If You Want a Good Reliable
And Still Another Lot. frd^M Corset House to Deal With
ALL-SILK AND SATIN GROS-GRAIN RIBBON- S TfV Joe ROSenbefO'S.
I No. 1. l,*»e— bolt of 10 yards. TV ' ., . » ,
J No. IV*. ilOc bolt of 10 yards. J N. Here Is a Sample :
j No. 2, U5o — boH of 10 yards. >/*/r? !:^r»\ LiADIES' CORSETS, made of flnest
It.E BU.IzST STORE OJ THE BUSIEST STREET. Y?S*P5& Ir^'^ll^m^t 0^^' Tv
THE SMALLEST I TORE WITH THE SMALLEST PRICES. / fa&mf^ flowers. la^aS ribbon trimmed
1 Extra quality PEARL BUTTONS, 16, IS, 20 line, for * / (Jf^Y'S/^K double side steels, rustproof front
I 5c dozen \*v!^?l\yj '"¦/*> steels, coming in the new French
It there is anythinq new in ihe market pertaining to fSof^M ' V wmen merfCan f ° r
j the comfort of women Rosenberg's is the first to show it: If you pay $30.00 for a French coreet
| Now it's the new HAIR RETAINER, constructed so "V S^J It will not wear nor fit any CO O Tt
! as to hold the stray hairs in place. Made of best qual- better than this corset »**.*». .*r^
1 ' ' ity Italian shell, smooth finish, in all the newest de- U«»«l« « n n »««l ill. p,..,..i.. /__ nfl n~,,,«
¦ sign*. This week's selling, me. Here s a Corset We ui!drant6e (or 90 Days.
1. » ea and compare — that is all is needed to conrir.ee That's more than any house west of the Rocky
1 you that no other house in Frisco sells as reasonably Mountains will do.
I as we dOm It's the "PRINCESS" or "HER MAJESTY" corset.
I ¦ -n««* .'..in,, c't-cct a a ¦ppTv TjT'v-a i.... ,__ ___u Women with a !>upf rabun'laiioe of flesh will b© de- *
3 pj£ Q y STEEL SAFETY PINS - lar 8* or small , ighted wtth .. HER MAJESTY " or "PRINCESS." It has
I t»^";Z"Z; " ~,,k ilways been the best corset for stout women, and It
9 Bo"o£ 6^n£ assorted %£ book hAS ye£ to bs equaled. It reduces the too prominent
I usn pins oc pap_r i ac j np- Tt ls made of nest fast b!ack coutn, we n
3 MUSI IN DNDFRWFAR SAMP1 KS 'teelcd throughout with best tempered steel. Words
a IYIUOL.H1 UI!l»LI» JTL.nil OrtlTITLLCJ. »an't describe the many good points of this perfect cor-
R C DOS AND ENDS i LIGHTLY SOILED FROM BEING DIS- =et. The store where money is cheerfully refunded if
Lj PLAYED IN OUR WINDOWS. <soo<Xs are not satisfactory. Our price $2.75
H WHITE SKIRTS, DEEP FLOUNCE. FINISHED >' 'rrFn'FttFF "ni'"ui'lii"Fihnh FITTIftn
H WITH WIDE EMBROIDERY fiXf CORSETS tiTltU tHtt ON MAIN FLOUR. FITTING
B • "DC ROOMS O'FARRELL-ST. ENTRANCE.
Q FRENCH CORSET COVERS, made of beat soft Sample corsets on sale at the bargain counter,
y bleached muslin, lace and hemstitched trimmed.. *2^p O'Farrell-st. entrance. Sizes 13 to 28. If any of theie
I '. a»ji, are your size you should purchase a pair, as the low-
3 LADIES' GOWNS, made of extra fine soft, ness of price and the quality of corsets are really QQ r
1 bleached musiin. trimmed with insertion and em- cn r surprising
a broidery; also hemstitched THIN PEOPLE MADE FAT by wearing the CQ r g
I LADIES 1 DRAWERS, soft muslin lucked...... \"Jq New KeeyJer Bust Perfecter *JiJC
a v noV-t6^^^*^*OTerIooi^*'whiu»er3rbu It Will Be Yotlf LdSt
¦ need Ladies' Muslin Underwear or not, g r ¦ # f ¥cc$j£\. «-»« . n -w. • ¦¦ »>
1 Ladies' Wool Waist. WM(W Chance to Buy This Ho-
1 «••«»¦¦¦¦•¦ the perfect fitting ,r-^Sov " slery. at These Prices.
i jMttfffl* KIND— Made ' of host quality HOSIE/V^ 1 .„ * ., r. u „
1 yftffiraJJVffi pressed flannel, lined: new * l 1 \(S, All Cation Gsods Have Advanced.
Ej $r5s'(*V*>Jv * sleeve; flare cuff; French back; v •-<-:, -i^.t ncur r\vr t at-iitg- tn-iar-
1 /Kft^tf&SraV r^d blue brown 2nd black' $€&% /t\\V X f made of flnest Peruvian cotton.
S ffl1a$£f8%k\ Your onnortun?tv C<f- V^ W fanc y ribbflf1 ' (loubIe hec!a and S
hD^k&t$tffo*\ opportunity... S|, 33 <^jf *^a>/- toes, full 27 Inches !on ff . O= r
<^S^ryJ^3^\fYy) 4 V Matchless values at iJl -
Another One. Buy Now While Our Assortment of EIDERDOWN
I tik I J .ifJ A VERY CHIC WAIST, per- DRESSING SACQUES is Complete,
|W/>\ *¦ Jft fect , n every «j e taJl: made- of LADIES* EIDERDOWN DRESSING SACQUES.
.best all-wool flannel: lined throughout; * fancy flare made of all-wool eiderdown: new sleeves, sailor collar.
• cuff: trimmed front, back and sleeves, with best qual- finished with hand-crocheted black worsted trimming.
Ity black soutache braid. A word to the Cl "J^\ Colors, red, pink and blue. We have marked JQr
wise-come and inspect them. At .vpi.ts* them thl3 week *
IY/YO lir*C<T7MT5T7X>r< sie market street,
tVl - 1^ Pi 111 nrjIIlT Ranni " 9 Thnu 9f> 11 O'Farrell.
OXJJLA JLLwkJlJJLl JLJJLJJLlVJ} mail orders solicited. .Trunks and traveling bags. Before you buy
see" our "bureau trunk." . A. B. ' Smith Co., 128
Ellis -it.--. . . . ¦ v ' : ••----:> •?:
« ¦ , ».- ¦-¦¦ •:¦-•'- • '
Ex-Judge William T. Wallace has filed
answer to the cross-complaint of Drury
Melons, in which judgment for $65,725 40 is
prayed. Judge Wallace makes a general
denial of Melone's allegations and prays
that he be dismissed with his costs.
"Wallace Files Answer.
For Convenience of Passengers
An office has been established in the Oak
land ferry depot, on the ground floor In
the center of the building, where passen
gers can leave their baggage checks,
thereby saving In the" transfer of their
baggage, our rates being lower. Don't
give up your checks on the trains. Mor
ton Special Delivery. <0S Taylor street and
€50 Market street. •
of the Presidio show, that Murphy enlisted
In Pueblo, Colo., on July. 26.
An announcement which I have much
pleasure in making Is that of a second
song recital by Rose Adler Relda, to bo
given October 19 in Sherman-Clay Hall.
A students' recital given by tMe pupils
of Edward Xavier Rojker the other ev«i
ing w&s more than usually » interesting
from the amateur standpoint. Perhaps
Miss Fritchi's work was- the most: satis
factory. This'; singer has > a sweet;.- full
voice, poise, temperament and a respecta
ble measure of the, dramatic Instinct," and
her interpretations 'were distinctly - good.
Miss Simon, a Boprano, has «a voice of
rather rare t'rabre, flexible and well cul
tivated. The voice of Miss Rehfisch. while
of' an unusually rich quality.- is badly
placed, -her enunciation is only indifferent
ly good and her renderings lack distinc
tion. Dr. Brown has a barytone voice of
quality, distinctly above the average, and
his songs. "Egyptian Song" and "Capture
of Bacchus," were given in cultivated
fashion. ., - " «
The opening concert of the Mlnettl
chamber music series* took place on Fri
day afternoon last at Sherman-Clay Hall
and was a considerable artistic success.
The novelty produced, a . quartet In A
mln, by M. Ippolitoff-Iwanov, was inter
esting from a pood many standpoints, if
not profoundly impressive from any point
of view. It is rather a negative com
position, impresses as the work of a
quite youthful composer, though M. Ip
politoff-Iwanov Is known already as the
writer of a number of symphonies and
quartets. Russian, of course he is, as
the name indicates, but . only by a. far
Btretch of imagination can one read into
the music the wild, mournful, half-bar
baric, splendidly picturesque spirit of
the Slav, the informing spirit of Tolstoi,
Tschaikowsky. Tourgenieff. the one thing
worth while to the world— the native es
sence.
The quartet, however, has dignity, an
elegant correctness, a clever working out
of themes, and In the Instance of the
"Humoresca Scherzando." a sparkling
and brilliant movement. The "Lento" has
also some fine harmonies, reminiscent of
Wagner, however. It was well Interpret
ed by the players, especially in the scher
zo, which was given with all the delicate
brilliance, lightness and general' wlll-o'
the-wisplshness required by the composi
tion. • -' ' !
The Schubert - C • maj. quintet . was also
given, and very well played by the-mu
sicians. It is in curious contrast with- Its
leisurely elegance, ' tranquil -movement,
unhurried atmosphere, to- the strenuous
compositions of these later days. A 1 quar
tet by O. Bolzoni,' and the 'Souvenlr.de
Florence"— a string sextet ''by Tschai
kowsky, will' be given at the. next- con
cert, October 19. -. , • :,
A young Callfornlan tenor rapidly com
ing to the forefront of things musical Is
Emlle Barrangon,- at present on a" North
ern tour with Ferris Hartman in the
"Mikado" and "Ship Ahoy." Mr. Barran
gon is a tenor robusto, a broad, full
voice of unusual compass and fine timbre,
and withal, an excellent student. He was
at one time in the Tivoli chorus. Tias sung
with much success in the Oberon, and
was the Grace Church leading tenor for
some time.
His appearance as Nankl-poo in the
"Mikado'' is the first role of operatic im
portance - that he has assumed and bis
friends are most enthusiastic over its
"promise and prophecy."
• • •
Says Berlioz of the critics:
"Articles appeared in the newspapers
fiercely attacking or passionately prais
ing my music. But instead of pointing
out. as they might easily have done, the
palpable defects In both works, my
hostile critics fell foul of me for my ab
surd ideas (which were not mine at all),
the crudeness of certain modulations
(which did not exist), my systematic con
tempt for certain fundamental rules of
art (which I had religiously obeyed), and
my neglect of certain musical forms
(which were the only ones employed . in
the very passages cited to the contrary!
On the other hand I am bound to confess
that my partisans have often credited mo
with alms ot which I was wholly uncon
scious and which were utterly absurd.
• • • It is not, easy even nowadays to
find critics who possess the requisite
knowledge, self restraint, imagination,
feeling 1 and impartiality to pass a sound
Judgment on my work and to appreciate
my aims and the tendency of my
mind (! ! !)" »
» —
A new Interest In the strange personal
ity of Hector Berlioz has been aroused by
the announcement of the intended pro
duction of his "Symphonie Fantastique"
(for the first time «in San, Francisco) by
Max Hirschfeld at the projected sym
phony concert on October 25 at the Tivoll
Opera-house. Perhaps, therefore, an ac
count of' its first production and taken
from the Berlioz autobiography, and told
In the picturesque and exquisitely egotis
tic, style of the eccentric composer, will
not come amiss, lie says:
"It was immediately after this my first
effort at setting 'Faust' (later developed
into the magnificent 'Damnation of
Faust'), and while I was yet strongly un
der the Influence of Goethe's poem, that 1
wrote my ""Symphonie Fantastique' (1S29).
Some portions cost me great labor, while
others were accomplished with incredible
ease. For instance, I labored for three
weeks over the 'Adagio' — scone aux
Champs— which always affects the public
so keenly— and niyseif. too, for that mat
ter—and three times gave it up as hope
less. 'La Marehe au Supplice.' on the
other hand, was written in one night.
Still 1 kept on adding finishing touches to
both numbers, and to the whole work, for
several years. The Theatre des Xon
veautes had been playing operas comlque
for some lime and' had a zalr orchestra
conducted by Bloc. He advised me to ask
the directors to perform my symphony
and to help me get up a concert for
that purpose. They agreed, because the
strange programme of the work struck
their fancy, and seemed to them calcu
lated to excite the curiosity of the public.
As I wanted a really great performance,
I invited eighty other musicians, which,
added to Bloc's orchestra, gave us alto
gether ISO performers. There was, of
course,. no accommodation for such num
bers—neither seats nor even music desks.
With the calmness of people who have
not realized the extent of a difficulty, the
managers replied to all my demands by
assuring me that all would be well. • • •
"But on the day of rehearsal, when my
130 musicians were assembled, there was
no room for them. The little* orchestra
below had barely space for the violins,
and there was an uproar on the stage
which would have maddened a much more
equable temper than- mine. There was a
; call for desks, and the carpenters hastily
clutched anything which might serve the
purpose: the seen*' shifter went about
swearing at his flies and wings; on one
side there were cries for chairs, on an
other for candles; the double basses want
ed strings; there was no room for the
drums, etc. Bloc and I did the work of
four, sixteen, thirty-two men, but all in
vain; order could not be evolved from
such chaos and it turned into a regular
rout— a musical passage of the Bereslna.
"Still, in spite of the confusion, Bloc
was determined to try two numbers, so
! as to give the directors 'some idea of the
symphony.' and we went through the
'Bal and the 'Marehe au Supplice' as well
as might be with such a disorderly or
chestra, and the latter created a perfect
furor among the players. Nevertheless,
my concert did not take place. The direc
tors were daunted by the disturbance,
and withdrew from the enterprise. They
had not realized that a symphony necessi
tated such elaborate preparations!"
The symphony was . afterward per
formed with acclamation in 1830, at the
Conservatoire, with Habeneck conduct
ing, but the production aroused an equal
measure of blame with the praise.
A Young Califomian Tenor Rapidly
Coming to the Front—Pleas
ant Concert at the
Y. M. C. A.
His First Attempt to Intro
duce "Symphonie Fan
tastique" in Paris.
PERSONALTY OF
HECTOR BERLIOZ
IS INTERESTING
TEN YEARS FOR
JHON CHRETIEN
Erring Lawyer* Sentenced to Spend
Term at San Quentin Prison.
JOHN M. CHRETIEN, WHOSE
CRIMINAL. ACT OPENS PRIS
ON FOR HIM.
Convicted Man Main
tains a Jovial De
meanor.
JOHN II. CHRETIEN, recently con
victed on a charge of forgery, com
mitted in his effort to loot the es
tate of the late Joseph Sullivan,
was sentenced to ten years penal
servitude In San Quentin by Judge Frank
H. Dunne yesterday.
Chretien retained his usual jovial ex
pression of countenance as he stood at
the bar that judgment might be pronounc
ed upon him. "I would rather the sen
tence had been for forty years," he said.
"It would be a greater incentlve.to fight
for a reversal than when only ten years
of retirement Irom active pursuits con
fronts me."
After sentence had been pronounced W.
S. Barnes, attorney for the defendant,
filed a writ of probable cause and notice
of appeal from the Judgment of the court.
On the writ of probable cause Chretien's
freedom will first be sought. It Is con
tended that as he signed a name not prov
ed to be that of a person In existence the
crime of forgery had not been committed.
The merits of the contention will be de
termined on the hearing of the writ. In
event of failure In this attempt an appeal
will be taken.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, OCTOBER 7, 1900.
Gibson has opened branch store, 4 Market.
Men's furnishing roods; bosom friend; $1 shirts*
The members of Young Ladles' Institute
No. 1 will give a Halloween party In the
headquarters of the order at Tenth and
Market streets en the evening of the 29th
lnst.
Young Ladies' Halloween.
Suits for divorce were filed yesterday by
Jane "Wilke against HUgo "Wilke for in
temperance. Ferdinand Lee Clark against
Clara A. Clark for desertion. Fanny Wil
liams against Alexander Williams for fail
ure to provide, Amelia Elizabeth Malough
against William J. Malough for cruelty.
Alice Steelman against Millard F. Steel
man for failure to provide and Frances
Schussler' against Frederick J. Schussler
for cruelty. Georgia White has been
granted a divorce from William White.
Divorce Suits Filed.
This favorite steamer, undar command of
Captain L*wle«s. will sail for Papeete Novem
ber 1st. Hitherto these charming: Islands of the
South Seas have been reached by sailing vessels,
requiring: 30 to 40 days, but the time of new
steamship service will be 1<H4 days. Aik for
particulars of the low excursion rate at «43
Market street. •
The Australia for Tahiti.
"THE JEWESS" TO BE SUNG
AT TIVOI/I OPEBA.-HOUSE
Will Be the Card at Four Perform
ances of the Present
: j .r. Week. t
The gTand opera offerings at the TJvoll
Opera-house 3eem to grow richer and
richer, and for the coming wsek the an
nounced bill is to consist of Halevy"s fa
mous tragic -work, "The Jewess," which
will be sung four. times. By general re
quest, repeated renditions of "Lucia,"
"RSgoletto" and "The Barbter of Seville"
will also be given. "The Jewess" has
never before been sung at the Tivol! and
with the superb cast of singers to appear
In the opera, the theater will without
doubt be crowded to its capacity. "The
Cewess" will .be sung on Tuesday. Thurs
day and Sunday nights and at the Satur
day matinee, while for the other nights,
the order or operas will be as follows:
"Lucia" on Monday. "Rigoletto"* on Wed
nesday, and "The Barber of Seville"' on
Friday and Saturday nights. The cast
for "The Jewess" will comprise Barron
Berthald. Slgnor Lucentl. Arthur Boyce,
Anna Lichter and Effle Stewart.
In "Lucia." "Rigoletto" and "The
Barber of Seville" the principal roles will
b« sung by Russo. Salassa, Ferrari,
Nicollni. Poletini, Panitza and Repetto.
To-night the grand production of "The
Huguenots" will be given for the last
time.
During the wet* (October 8 to 13) of the
Free Street and Pavilion Fair at Santa
Rosa the California Northwestern Rail
way will charge $2 for the round trip from
San Francisco. On "Wednesday. October
10 Marin County Day. $1 will be the fare
for the round trip. Tickets at Tiburon
Ferry. ;v->'"- :-'-*: : -
First-Class Attraction and a Cheap
Trip.
ed by Chief Sullivan yesterday morning
Ho sent in a report to Captain "Wittman,
which was handed to the Chief. He at
tempted to mitigate his offense by saying
that he happened to be in Mrs. Skelton s
saloon at Central avenue and Butter street
while on his way home, and Mrs. Skelton
had asked him to put J. SnowgTass and
Charles Batterock out, as she wanted to
close up the place. He put them out and
fell from loss of blood, having been cut
on the face by Snowwass.
Charges have also been formally made
by Captain Wittman against Howard for
conduct unbecoming an officer by engag
ing In a brawl In a saloon. It Is said that
Howard had been a frequent visitor at
Mrs. Skelton's saloon' and. like Schaert
zer, had become her abject Blave. Snow
grass' case was called in Judge Fritz's
court yesterday and continued . till to
morrow, as it is hoped by that time, that
Howard will be able to appear.
A Charge Is Also Preferred Against
Him. of Conduct Unbecoming
an Officer.
Policeman Frank C. Howard was suspend-
POLICEMAN HOWARD IS -
SUSPENDED FROM DUTY
SOLDIER MURPHY "WANTED
FOE HIGHWAY BOBBERY
Police of Kansas A6k Chief Sullivan
* to Apprehend Him — Now in
Several days ago Captain of Detectives
Seymour received a dispatch from the po
lice of Atchison, Ivans., asking him to
arrest Charles Murphy, alias Felix
O'Grady, •who had Joined the army and
¦was supposed to be stationed at the Pre
eldio. The dispatch further said that he
•was wanted In Kansas for highway rob
bery.
Seymour detailed Detective Harry Rey
nolds to locate Murphy, and he learned
that Murphy had sailed for Manila on the
tranFpcrt Thomas.
As Murphy is considered a. bad man by
the Kansas police it Is believed that they
will send to Manila for him. The records
Ladles' tailor-made suits. Bilk skirts. . fur
capee; liberal credit. M. Rothschild, 626 Sutter. •
at $4189. credits, notes and, due .bills,
$14,352 48; furniture. $1C3O; money, $13,061 80,
and real estate, $449,100. ¦—
• An inventory and appraisement of the
estate of the late Francis Henry Wood
was filed yesterday. The appraisers find
the estate to be worth JS86.910 78. Stocks
and bonds are valued at $404,577 50. Jewelry
Francis H. Wood's Estate.
• ' •
• • • • •
22
ADVERTISEMENTS.
LACE CURTAINS.
We invite the public to lnspe.ct
our elegant New Stock of Lace Cur-
tains Just opened, These Curtains
are in Irish Point, Battenherg, Colo-
nial Net, Saxong, Arabian, Swiss
and Nottingham. ' .
SPECIALS.
Irish Point Curtains, in both Cream and Pare
?White, seven different desians.
Price $6.50 pair
-200 pairs Arabian Curtains, single and double
border, large Yarleto.of latest steles.
Prices $6.00 to $15.00 pair
White and EGru Colonial Net Curtains, twelve dlf^
ferent designs, all small borders.
Price S4.OO pair
EXTRA SPECIAL.
200 pairs i White and : Ecru Curtains, in Imitation
of Battenberg, Renaissance and Paris Point (all new
designs).
Price $3.00 pair ;
111. 113. 115. 117. 119. 121 POST STREET.
Opening Announcement
Ladies' Tailor Made Suits
We have just added a large and complete
tailor made suit department to bur already ex-
tensive establishment. As this class of goods
has never been carried by us before, every
thing in the department must necessarily be
new and in the season's latest styles com-
prising blouse, coat and Eton jacket effects,
and skirts with the correct flair cut.'-
Fashionable Weaves&Colors
The materials used in the garments com-
prise all jthis season's fashionable cloths in
., cheviots, serges, 'homespuns, broadcloths and.
Venetian cloths in grays, oxfords, castors,
browns, navies and tans.
Ladies' cheviot and serge tailored suits,
well made and lined throughout, prices from
$12.00 to $20.00 a suit.
Homespun tailor made suits, in all colors,
perfect fitting and" lined throughout, prices
from
<- $15.00 to $25.00 a suit.
Tailor made suits in Venetian and broad-
cloth in all the desirable colors for fall and
winter wear, well made and finished, prices
varying trom
$19.00 to $65.00 a suit. ,
-
Rainy Day Suits
A Ladies' walking and rainy day suits, made of all wool
golf plaid black materials, pebble cheviot, kersey and
melton cloths ; every suit" tailor made with Eton and coat
jackets, and full width skirts in the new flair cut with
stitched bottoms, prices from '^
v^ $15.00 to $30.00 a suit.
Short Walking Skirts
Ladies' walking and rainy day skirts, nicely made of
the same materials as above noted in the rainy day suits,
with inverted pleat and stitched bottoms, prices
$5, $6.75^ $7.50 up to $20:00 a suit.
All garments 1 sold by us will be altered if necessary to
insure a perfect' fit.
Genuine Tortoise Shell
'W'^- ¦ for'
About One- half
"Monday morning .commences our annual
sale of real tortoise shell goods, at about one-,
half their regular prices ; this sale enables you
to purchase, the "genuine for almost the same
price you usually payfor the imitation goods,
as the following prices will show :
Hair pins 6c, 12c, 15c up to $9.75 each.
Side combs 43c, 50c, 75c up to $12.00. a pair.
Back combs 95c, $1.00, $1.35 up to $52.00 each.
Hair ornaments 95c, $1.00, $1:25 up to $3.50 each.
Neck combs 30c, 45c, 75c~up to $4.00 each.
Dreesing combs $2.65, $2.75, $3.75.up to $6.00 each.
I . Lorgnettes Wi50, ; $2.50, $3.00 up to $6.75 each.
129 Kearny Street
CAN'T SLIP.
TV> have them In thre« »ty!e»— Rldlnc.
Straight and Eyeglass Frames.
Four Opticians will be on hand and great
enre taken to give you a perfect fit.
Oculists' prescriptions filled. * J
Mall orders promptly attended t<x
B. SCHAPIRO
OPTICIAN,
(Formerly off 710 Market Street).
1016 MARKET ST. AND II EDDY ST.
OPEN EVENINGS TO 9:30.
Spectacles for SI. 75.
FINEST LENSES PATENT CLIP
A Monday Eye-Giass Surprise.
S5.00 Fine Gold-Filled Lye-Glasses and
EYE -GLASSES
That bold without pinching.
OPERA-GLASSES
Of hlgb power at low prices.
photographic; outfits
For SO cents and upwards.
Developing and Printing. - ',**
OeullrU' prescription* filled. Factory on prem-
ises. Quick repairing. Phone, Main 10.
OPTIC!AN5^^P^ p ;^U5.
642 Market 5t. instruments
u*m« cmhomicu Bim.Diw&. Catalogue Frce.
P I f"f" ' nnil I I Corner Ftonrth and
unit nUIAL
\*alieea checked f re*
SUMMER RESORTS. ~
PARAISO HOT SPRINGS,
The Carlcbad of America, la now open for tha
winter eeason. Address C. T. ROMIE, Paralso
eprtaga, Cal. • •
CHESTER F.WRIGHT,
Royal 'Worcester Cop.
Mt-Flttln* PaxloraT
10 Gearo St.,
CORNER KEARNT.
PER PAIR.
$3,001" $15,00
SAPPHIRE
CORSETS
VERY LATEST
Straight Front,
Hand-Made
Trapper's OH cures rheumatism and neuralsla.
Drurjisla, k>c cgult. Richard* & Co.. 40« Clay.
Bio; Sale.
Elite Limoges French China
Primrose Decoration*.
Olive Diata iscts ¦
Olive Trays ....JOctS
Dessert Plate.... .......l7cts
Dinner Plate ........ ......aj cts '
Cake Plate ....I.o*
Cream Pitcher 4octs
Salad Bowl 7 acts *
44 Piece Dinner Set .-.10.70
loo Piece Dinner Set.. 82.30
We ore Cutting . Prices
all to Pieces During: Our
Big: Clearance Sale.
Great Aaericsnliportisi: Tea-Co,
• 219 Grant ave., bet. ' Sutter ¦ and Post ' »ts. ¦
, 861 Marltrft it, OPO. Powell. .
12 Market St., junction California!*
' OUR BRANCH STORES EVERYWHERE.
DR^MQNULTY.
I Specialist wm Blood Poison. (lonorrhran Gleet.
"'""WWertnw, Impotence and th-ir
¦»'<•'« DW,rders. Book on Dimun of Men. free
£ v « a tt**J ! £r x S*£' n^'- T>rl!1 " reaaonable. Hour"*.
»U>3(J»lIy ;8:30to8. aOeT'B*. SundATs.10 to 12. Conwll
UUonrreeand8acredl/confldentia£calloradd«a
P. RO8COR MeXUliTY. II. D.
MHKearnyBt, Ban Francisco, CsL '
ADVERTISEMENTS. . .
I
•And Other Itching Burning
Scaly Eruptions with
Loss of Hair.
Speedy Cure Treatment $1.25.
Bathe the affected parts with Hot Water and Cuticura Soap, to cleanse
the surface of crusts and scales, and soften the thickened cuticle.
Dry, without hard rubbing, and apply Cuticura Ointment freely, to
allay itching, irritation, and inflammation, and soothe and heal, and
lastly, take Cuticura Resolvent, to cool and cleanse the blood. A
single set (price, $1.25) is often sufficient to cure the most torturing,
disfiguring, and humiliating skin, scalp, and blood humors, with loss
of hair, when all else fails. . ¦- ••- • - •• *
This street and wholesome treatment affords instant relief, permits
rest and 6leep in the severest forms of eczema and other itching,
burning, and scaly humors of the skin, Bcalp, and blood, and points to
a speedy, permanent, and economical cure when all other remedies fail.
The agonizing itching and burning of the skin, as in eczema ; the •
frightful scaling, as in psoriasis ; the loss of hair and crusting of the
scalp, as in scalled head ; the facial disfigurement, as in pimples and
ringxrorm; the awful suffering«of infants and the anxiety of worn-out ;
parents, as in milk crust, tetter, and 6alt rheum — all demand a remedy
of almost superhuman virtues to successfully cope with them. That
CrocrHA. remedies arc such stands proven beyond all .doubt. No
6tatement is made regarding them that is not justified by the strongest
evidence. The purity and sweetness, the power to afford immediate
relief, the certainty of speedj* and permanent cure, the absolute safety
and great economv, have made them the standard skin cures and
humor remedies of the civilized world.
Prick. The Set, $1.25; coneUOnj: of CcxtccuA Boat, 25c, Cctictjra Ointsiznt, 60c, Ccti-
CTSl P.E»OLTEKT. Me Sold tbrouchout ton world. POTTEB DSUQ AOT CUZZL. COEP., BolO
Prope., Button. ** How to Cure Every Humor," free. • .
I- ' Pil- IV A OND/W we hold the first sale in ||l||j|!il|
' ? ' ers who appreciate estimate bar- |h9;I|||
Knrlish Merc»r)ixJ, with 10 Inch accordion ExfiSV^BEEsuBEirfUlBl
I'j ¦¦ taf>ta ruffle, In black &rA all colorings, ealo BJM^fcM^mBg^«i|
¦ : "\. ¦'','"' I S?ilk TaTfetas. <]e<>p accordion pleated ruffles,
Fklrt. e.nd 12 Inch accordion pleated rufSes In pS£&£u^t7$n9v»V
, ; Our fntlrellr.e o£ Taffeta. Silk Sklrte, In black !&££3%r&i!ui£*$9f '
'•¦' : i'Mw ' li^'I'-i ftn^ co1crs> are on £a '*- ou w m sav * a Kreat ¦**ffifiKKS3f?S3iifil
i CASH OS LITTLE-AT-A-TIME
I Roman chairs $2.00 this week. •
I We're petting ready to receive
I our Christmas stock, so we need
J every foot of room. We have
I about six dozen of these chairs
I at this price. The wood is ma-
) THE J. NOONAN
V FURNITURE COMPANY. Inc..
/ 1017-1023 MISSION STREET
I Pfcona Sonth H. Abora 6th, Saa Francisco.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
ADVERTISEMENTS.Trunks and traveling bags. Before you buy
see" our "bureau trunk." . A. B. ' Smith Co., 128
Ellis -it.--. . . . ¦ v ' : ••----:> •?:
« ¦ , ».- ¦-¦¦ •:¦-•'- • '
Ex-Judge William T. Wallace has filed
answer to the cross-complaint of Drury
Melons, in which judgment for $65,725 40 is
prayed. Judge Wallace makes a general
denial of Melone's allegations and prays
that he be dismissed with his costs.
"Wallace Files Answer.
For Convenience of Passengers
An office has been established in the Oak
land ferry depot, on the ground floor In
the center of the building, where passen
gers can leave their baggage checks,
thereby saving In the" transfer of their
baggage, our rates being lower. Don't
give up your checks on the trains. Mor
ton Special Delivery. <0S Taylor street and
€50 Market street. •
of the Presidio show, that Murphy enlisted
In Pueblo, Colo., on July. 26.
An announcement which I have much
pleasure in making Is that of a second
song recital by Rose Adler Relda, to bo
given October 19 in Sherman-Clay Hall.
A students' recital given by tMe pupils
of Edward Xavier Rojker the other ev«i
ing w&s more than usually » interesting
from the amateur standpoint. Perhaps
Miss Fritchi's work was- the most: satis
factory. This'; singer has > a sweet;.- full
voice, poise, temperament and a respecta
ble measure of the, dramatic Instinct," and
her interpretations 'were distinctly - good.
Miss Simon, a Boprano, has «a voice of
rather rare t'rabre, flexible and well cul
tivated. The voice of Miss Rehfisch. while
of' an unusually rich quality.- is badly
placed, -her enunciation is only indifferent
ly good and her renderings lack distinc
tion. Dr. Brown has a barytone voice of
quality, distinctly above the average, and
his songs. "Egyptian Song" and "Capture
of Bacchus," were given in cultivated
fashion. ., - " «
The opening concert of the Mlnettl
chamber music series* took place on Fri
day afternoon last at Sherman-Clay Hall
and was a considerable artistic success.
The novelty produced, a . quartet In A
mln, by M. Ippolitoff-Iwanov, was inter
esting from a pood many standpoints, if
not profoundly impressive from any point
of view. It is rather a negative com
position, impresses as the work of a
quite youthful composer, though M. Ip
politoff-Iwanov Is known already as the
writer of a number of symphonies and
quartets. Russian, of course he is, as
the name indicates, but . only by a. far
Btretch of imagination can one read into
the music the wild, mournful, half-bar
baric, splendidly picturesque spirit of
the Slav, the informing spirit of Tolstoi,
Tschaikowsky. Tourgenieff. the one thing
worth while to the world— the native es
sence.
The quartet, however, has dignity, an
elegant correctness, a clever working out
of themes, and In the Instance of the
"Humoresca Scherzando." a sparkling
and brilliant movement. The "Lento" has
also some fine harmonies, reminiscent of
Wagner, however. It was well Interpret
ed by the players, especially in the scher
zo, which was given with all the delicate
brilliance, lightness and general' wlll-o'
the-wisplshness required by the composi
tion. • -' ' !
The Schubert - C • maj. quintet . was also
given, and very well played by the-mu
sicians. It is in curious contrast with- Its
leisurely elegance, ' tranquil -movement,
unhurried atmosphere, to- the strenuous
compositions of these later days. A 1 quar
tet by O. Bolzoni,' and the 'Souvenlr.de
Florence"— a string sextet ''by Tschai
kowsky, will' be given at the. next- con
cert, October 19. -. , • :,
A young Callfornlan tenor rapidly com
ing to the forefront of things musical Is
Emlle Barrangon,- at present on a" North
ern tour with Ferris Hartman in the
"Mikado" and "Ship Ahoy." Mr. Barran
gon is a tenor robusto, a broad, full
voice of unusual compass and fine timbre,
and withal, an excellent student. He was
at one time in the Tivoli chorus. Tias sung
with much success in the Oberon, and
was the Grace Church leading tenor for
some time.
His appearance as Nankl-poo in the
"Mikado'' is the first role of operatic im
portance - that he has assumed and bis
friends are most enthusiastic over its
"promise and prophecy."
• • •
Says Berlioz of the critics:
"Articles appeared in the newspapers
fiercely attacking or passionately prais
ing my music. But instead of pointing
out. as they might easily have done, the
palpable defects In both works, my
hostile critics fell foul of me for my ab
surd ideas (which were not mine at all),
the crudeness of certain modulations
(which did not exist), my systematic con
tempt for certain fundamental rules of
art (which I had religiously obeyed), and
my neglect of certain musical forms
(which were the only ones employed . in
the very passages cited to the contrary!
On the other hand I am bound to confess
that my partisans have often credited mo
with alms ot which I was wholly uncon
scious and which were utterly absurd.
• • • It is not, easy even nowadays to
find critics who possess the requisite
knowledge, self restraint, imagination,
feeling 1 and impartiality to pass a sound
Judgment on my work and to appreciate
my aims and the tendency of my
mind (! ! !)" »
» —
A new Interest In the strange personal
ity of Hector Berlioz has been aroused by
the announcement of the intended pro
duction of his "Symphonie Fantastique"
(for the first time «in San, Francisco) by
Max Hirschfeld at the projected sym
phony concert on October 25 at the Tivoll
Opera-house. Perhaps, therefore, an ac
count of' its first production and taken
from the Berlioz autobiography, and told
In the picturesque and exquisitely egotis
tic, style of the eccentric composer, will
not come amiss, lie says:
"It was immediately after this my first
effort at setting 'Faust' (later developed
into the magnificent 'Damnation of
Faust'), and while I was yet strongly un
der the Influence of Goethe's poem, that 1
wrote my ""Symphonie Fantastique' (1S29).
Some portions cost me great labor, while
others were accomplished with incredible
ease. For instance, I labored for three
weeks over the 'Adagio' — scone aux
Champs— which always affects the public
so keenly— and niyseif. too, for that mat
ter—and three times gave it up as hope
less. 'La Marehe au Supplice.' on the
other hand, was written in one night.
Still 1 kept on adding finishing touches to
both numbers, and to the whole work, for
several years. The Theatre des Xon
veautes had been playing operas comlque
for some lime and' had a zalr orchestra
conducted by Bloc. He advised me to ask
the directors to perform my symphony
and to help me get up a concert for
that purpose. They agreed, because the
strange programme of the work struck
their fancy, and seemed to them calcu
lated to excite the curiosity of the public.
As I wanted a really great performance,
I invited eighty other musicians, which,
added to Bloc's orchestra, gave us alto
gether ISO performers. There was, of
course,. no accommodation for such num
bers—neither seats nor even music desks.
With the calmness of people who have
not realized the extent of a difficulty, the
managers replied to all my demands by
assuring me that all would be well. • • •
"But on the day of rehearsal, when my
130 musicians were assembled, there was
no room for them. The little* orchestra
below had barely space for the violins,
and there was an uproar on the stage
which would have maddened a much more
equable temper than- mine. There was a
; call for desks, and the carpenters hastily
clutched anything which might serve the
purpose: the seen*' shifter went about
swearing at his flies and wings; on one
side there were cries for chairs, on an
other for candles; the double basses want
ed strings; there was no room for the
drums, etc. Bloc and I did the work of
four, sixteen, thirty-two men, but all in
vain; order could not be evolved from
such chaos and it turned into a regular
rout— a musical passage of the Bereslna.
"Still, in spite of the confusion, Bloc
was determined to try two numbers, so
! as to give the directors 'some idea of the
symphony.' and we went through the
'Bal and the 'Marehe au Supplice' as well
as might be with such a disorderly or
chestra, and the latter created a perfect
furor among the players. Nevertheless,
my concert did not take place. The direc
tors were daunted by the disturbance,
and withdrew from the enterprise. They
had not realized that a symphony necessi
tated such elaborate preparations!"
The symphony was . afterward per
formed with acclamation in 1830, at the
Conservatoire, with Habeneck conduct
ing, but the production aroused an equal
measure of blame with the praise.
A Young Califomian Tenor Rapidly
Coming to the Front—Pleas
ant Concert at the
Y. M. C. A.
His First Attempt to Intro
duce "Symphonie Fan
tastique" in Paris.
PERSONALTY OF
HECTOR BERLIOZ
IS INTERESTING
TEN YEARS FOR
JHON CHRETIEN
Erring Lawyer* Sentenced to Spend
Term at San Quentin Prison.
JOHN M. CHRETIEN, WHOSE
CRIMINAL. ACT OPENS PRIS
ON FOR HIM.
Convicted Man Main
tains a Jovial De
meanor.
JOHN II. CHRETIEN, recently con
victed on a charge of forgery, com
mitted in his effort to loot the es
tate of the late Joseph Sullivan,
was sentenced to ten years penal
servitude In San Quentin by Judge Frank
H. Dunne yesterday.
Chretien retained his usual jovial ex
pression of countenance as he stood at
the bar that judgment might be pronounc
ed upon him. "I would rather the sen
tence had been for forty years," he said.
"It would be a greater incentlve.to fight
for a reversal than when only ten years
of retirement Irom active pursuits con
fronts me."
After sentence had been pronounced W.
S. Barnes, attorney for the defendant,
filed a writ of probable cause and notice
of appeal from the Judgment of the court.
On the writ of probable cause Chretien's
freedom will first be sought. It Is con
tended that as he signed a name not prov
ed to be that of a person In existence the
crime of forgery had not been committed.
The merits of the contention will be de
termined on the hearing of the writ. In
event of failure In this attempt an appeal
will be taken.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, OCTOBER 7, 1900.
Gibson has opened branch store, 4 Market.
Men's furnishing roods; bosom friend; $1 shirts*
The members of Young Ladles' Institute
No. 1 will give a Halloween party In the
headquarters of the order at Tenth and
Market streets en the evening of the 29th
lnst.
Young Ladies' Halloween.
Suits for divorce were filed yesterday by
Jane "Wilke against HUgo "Wilke for in
temperance. Ferdinand Lee Clark against
Clara A. Clark for desertion. Fanny Wil
liams against Alexander Williams for fail
ure to provide, Amelia Elizabeth Malough
against William J. Malough for cruelty.
Alice Steelman against Millard F. Steel
man for failure to provide and Frances
Schussler' against Frederick J. Schussler
for cruelty. Georgia White has been
granted a divorce from William White.
Divorce Suits Filed.
This favorite steamer, undar command of
Captain L*wle«s. will sail for Papeete Novem
ber 1st. Hitherto these charming: Islands of the
South Seas have been reached by sailing vessels,
requiring: 30 to 40 days, but the time of new
steamship service will be 1<H4 days. Aik for
particulars of the low excursion rate at «43
Market street. •
The Australia for Tahiti.
"THE JEWESS" TO BE SUNG
AT TIVOI/I OPEBA.-HOUSE
Will Be the Card at Four Perform
ances of the Present
: j .r. Week. t
The gTand opera offerings at the TJvoll
Opera-house 3eem to grow richer and
richer, and for the coming wsek the an
nounced bill is to consist of Halevy"s fa
mous tragic -work, "The Jewess," which
will be sung four. times. By general re
quest, repeated renditions of "Lucia,"
"RSgoletto" and "The Barbter of Seville"
will also be given. "The Jewess" has
never before been sung at the Tivol! and
with the superb cast of singers to appear
In the opera, the theater will without
doubt be crowded to its capacity. "The
Cewess" will .be sung on Tuesday. Thurs
day and Sunday nights and at the Satur
day matinee, while for the other nights,
the order or operas will be as follows:
"Lucia" on Monday. "Rigoletto"* on Wed
nesday, and "The Barber of Seville"' on
Friday and Saturday nights. The cast
for "The Jewess" will comprise Barron
Berthald. Slgnor Lucentl. Arthur Boyce,
Anna Lichter and Effle Stewart.
In "Lucia." "Rigoletto" and "The
Barber of Seville" the principal roles will
b« sung by Russo. Salassa, Ferrari,
Nicollni. Poletini, Panitza and Repetto.
To-night the grand production of "The
Huguenots" will be given for the last
time.
During the wet* (October 8 to 13) of the
Free Street and Pavilion Fair at Santa
Rosa the California Northwestern Rail
way will charge $2 for the round trip from
San Francisco. On "Wednesday. October
10 Marin County Day. $1 will be the fare
for the round trip. Tickets at Tiburon
Ferry. ;v->'"- :-'-*: : -
First-Class Attraction and a Cheap
Trip.
ed by Chief Sullivan yesterday morning
Ho sent in a report to Captain "Wittman,
which was handed to the Chief. He at
tempted to mitigate his offense by saying
that he happened to be in Mrs. Skelton s
saloon at Central avenue and Butter street
while on his way home, and Mrs. Skelton
had asked him to put J. SnowgTass and
Charles Batterock out, as she wanted to
close up the place. He put them out and
fell from loss of blood, having been cut
on the face by Snowwass.
Charges have also been formally made
by Captain Wittman against Howard for
conduct unbecoming an officer by engag
ing In a brawl In a saloon. It Is said that
Howard had been a frequent visitor at
Mrs. Skelton's saloon' and. like Schaert
zer, had become her abject Blave. Snow
grass' case was called in Judge Fritz's
court yesterday and continued . till to
morrow, as it is hoped by that time, that
Howard will be able to appear.
A Charge Is Also Preferred Against
Him. of Conduct Unbecoming
an Officer.
Policeman Frank C. Howard was suspend-
POLICEMAN HOWARD IS -
SUSPENDED FROM DUTY
SOLDIER MURPHY "WANTED
FOE HIGHWAY BOBBERY
Police of Kansas A6k Chief Sullivan
* to Apprehend Him — Now in
Several days ago Captain of Detectives
Seymour received a dispatch from the po
lice of Atchison, Ivans., asking him to
arrest Charles Murphy, alias Felix
O'Grady, •who had Joined the army and
¦was supposed to be stationed at the Pre
eldio. The dispatch further said that he
•was wanted In Kansas for highway rob
bery.
Seymour detailed Detective Harry Rey
nolds to locate Murphy, and he learned
that Murphy had sailed for Manila on the
tranFpcrt Thomas.
As Murphy is considered a. bad man by
the Kansas police it Is believed that they
will send to Manila for him. The records
Ladles' tailor-made suits. Bilk skirts. . fur
capee; liberal credit. M. Rothschild, 626 Sutter. •
at $4189. credits, notes and, due .bills,
$14,352 48; furniture. $1C3O; money, $13,061 80,
and real estate, $449,100. ¦—
• An inventory and appraisement of the
estate of the late Francis Henry Wood
was filed yesterday. The appraisers find
the estate to be worth JS86.910 78. Stocks
and bonds are valued at $404,577 50. Jewelry
Francis H. Wood's Estate.
• ' •
• • • • •
22
ADVERTISEMENTS.
LACE CURTAINS.
We invite the public to lnspe.ct
our elegant New Stock of Lace Cur-
tains Just opened, These Curtains
are in Irish Point, Battenherg, Colo-
nial Net, Saxong, Arabian, Swiss
and Nottingham. ' .
SPECIALS.
Irish Point Curtains, in both Cream and Pare
?White, seven different desians.
Price $6.50 pair
-200 pairs Arabian Curtains, single and double
border, large Yarleto.of latest steles.
Prices $6.00 to $15.00 pair
White and EGru Colonial Net Curtains, twelve dlf^
ferent designs, all small borders.
Price S4.OO pair
EXTRA SPECIAL.
200 pairs i White and : Ecru Curtains, in Imitation
of Battenberg, Renaissance and Paris Point (all new
designs).
Price $3.00 pair ;
111. 113. 115. 117. 119. 121 POST STREET.
Opening Announcement
Ladies' Tailor Made Suits
We have just added a large and complete
tailor made suit department to bur already ex-
tensive establishment. As this class of goods
has never been carried by us before, every
thing in the department must necessarily be
new and in the season's latest styles com-
prising blouse, coat and Eton jacket effects,
and skirts with the correct flair cut.'-
Fashionable Weaves&Colors
The materials used in the garments com-
prise all jthis season's fashionable cloths in
., cheviots, serges, 'homespuns, broadcloths and.
Venetian cloths in grays, oxfords, castors,
browns, navies and tans.
Ladies' cheviot and serge tailored suits,
well made and lined throughout, prices from
$12.00 to $20.00 a suit.
Homespun tailor made suits, in all colors,
perfect fitting and" lined throughout, prices
from
<- $15.00 to $25.00 a suit.
Tailor made suits in Venetian and broad-
cloth in all the desirable colors for fall and
winter wear, well made and finished, prices
varying trom
$19.00 to $65.00 a suit. ,
-
Rainy Day Suits
A Ladies' walking and rainy day suits, made of all wool
golf plaid black materials, pebble cheviot, kersey and
melton cloths ; every suit" tailor made with Eton and coat
jackets, and full width skirts in the new flair cut with
stitched bottoms, prices from '^
v^ $15.00 to $30.00 a suit.
Short Walking Skirts
Ladies' walking and rainy day skirts, nicely made of
the same materials as above noted in the rainy day suits,
with inverted pleat and stitched bottoms, prices
$5, $6.75^ $7.50 up to $20:00 a suit.
All garments 1 sold by us will be altered if necessary to
insure a perfect' fit.
Genuine Tortoise Shell
'W'^- ¦ for'
About One- half
"Monday morning .commences our annual
sale of real tortoise shell goods, at about one-,
half their regular prices ; this sale enables you
to purchase, the "genuine for almost the same
price you usually payfor the imitation goods,
as the following prices will show :
Hair pins 6c, 12c, 15c up to $9.75 each.
Side combs 43c, 50c, 75c up to $12.00. a pair.
Back combs 95c, $1.00, $1.35 up to $52.00 each.
Hair ornaments 95c, $1.00, $1:25 up to $3.50 each.
Neck combs 30c, 45c, 75c~up to $4.00 each.
Dreesing combs $2.65, $2.75, $3.75.up to $6.00 each.
I . Lorgnettes Wi50, ; $2.50, $3.00 up to $6.75 each.
129 Kearny Street
CAN'T SLIP.
TV> have them In thre« »ty!e»— Rldlnc.
Straight and Eyeglass Frames.
Four Opticians will be on hand and great
enre taken to give you a perfect fit.
Oculists' prescriptions filled. * J
Mall orders promptly attended t<x
B. SCHAPIRO
OPTICIAN,
(Formerly off 710 Market Street).
1016 MARKET ST. AND II EDDY ST.
OPEN EVENINGS TO 9:30.
Spectacles for SI. 75.
FINEST LENSES PATENT CLIP
A Monday Eye-Giass Surprise.
S5.00 Fine Gold-Filled Lye-Glasses and
EYE -GLASSES
That bold without pinching.
OPERA-GLASSES
Of hlgb power at low prices.
photographic; outfits
For SO cents and upwards.
Developing and Printing. - ',**
OeullrU' prescription* filled. Factory on prem-
ises. Quick repairing. Phone, Main 10.
OPTIC!AN5^^P^ p ;^U5.
642 Market 5t. instruments
u*m« cmhomicu Bim.Diw&. Catalogue Frce.
P I f"f" ' nnil I I Corner Ftonrth and
unit nUIAL
\*alieea checked f re*
SUMMER RESORTS. ~
PARAISO HOT SPRINGS,
The Carlcbad of America, la now open for tha
winter eeason. Address C. T. ROMIE, Paralso
eprtaga, Cal. • •
CHESTER F.WRIGHT,
Royal 'Worcester Cop.
Mt-Flttln* PaxloraT
10 Gearo St.,
CORNER KEARNT.
PER PAIR.
$3,001" $15,00
SAPPHIRE
CORSETS
VERY LATEST
Straight Front,
Hand-Made
Trapper's OH cures rheumatism and neuralsla.
Drurjisla, k>c cgult. Richard* & Co.. 40« Clay.
Bio; Sale.
Elite Limoges French China
Primrose Decoration*.
Olive Diata iscts ¦
Olive Trays ....JOctS
Dessert Plate.... .......l7cts
Dinner Plate ........ ......aj cts '
Cake Plate ....I.o*
Cream Pitcher 4octs
Salad Bowl 7 acts *
44 Piece Dinner Set .-.10.70
loo Piece Dinner Set.. 82.30
We ore Cutting . Prices
all to Pieces During: Our
Big: Clearance Sale.
Great Aaericsnliportisi: Tea-Co,
• 219 Grant ave., bet. ' Sutter ¦ and Post ' »ts. ¦
, 861 Marltrft it, OPO. Powell. .
12 Market St., junction California!*
' OUR BRANCH STORES EVERYWHERE.
DR^MQNULTY.
I Specialist wm Blood Poison. (lonorrhran Gleet.
"'""WWertnw, Impotence and th-ir
¦»'<•'« DW,rders. Book on Dimun of Men. free
£ v « a tt**J ! £r x S*£' n^'- T>rl!1 " reaaonable. Hour"*.
»U>3(J»lIy ;8:30to8. aOeT'B*. SundATs.10 to 12. Conwll
UUonrreeand8acredl/confldentia£calloradd«a
P. RO8COR MeXUliTY. II. D.
MHKearnyBt, Ban Francisco, CsL '
ADVERTISEMENTS. . .
I
•And Other Itching Burning
Scaly Eruptions with
Loss of Hair.
Speedy Cure Treatment $1.25.
Bathe the affected parts with Hot Water and Cuticura Soap, to cleanse
the surface of crusts and scales, and soften the thickened cuticle.
Dry, without hard rubbing, and apply Cuticura Ointment freely, to
allay itching, irritation, and inflammation, and soothe and heal, and
lastly, take Cuticura Resolvent, to cool and cleanse the blood. A
single set (price, $1.25) is often sufficient to cure the most torturing,
disfiguring, and humiliating skin, scalp, and blood humors, with loss
of hair, when all else fails. . ¦- ••- • - •• *
This street and wholesome treatment affords instant relief, permits
rest and 6leep in the severest forms of eczema and other itching,
burning, and scaly humors of the skin, Bcalp, and blood, and points to
a speedy, permanent, and economical cure when all other remedies fail.
The agonizing itching and burning of the skin, as in eczema ; the •
frightful scaling, as in psoriasis ; the loss of hair and crusting of the
scalp, as in scalled head ; the facial disfigurement, as in pimples and
ringxrorm; the awful suffering«of infants and the anxiety of worn-out ;
parents, as in milk crust, tetter, and 6alt rheum — all demand a remedy
of almost superhuman virtues to successfully cope with them. That
CrocrHA. remedies arc such stands proven beyond all .doubt. No
6tatement is made regarding them that is not justified by the strongest
evidence. The purity and sweetness, the power to afford immediate
relief, the certainty of speedj* and permanent cure, the absolute safety
and great economv, have made them the standard skin cures and
humor remedies of the civilized world.
Prick. The Set, $1.25; coneUOnj: of CcxtccuA Boat, 25c, Cctictjra Ointsiznt, 60c, Ccti-
CTSl P.E»OLTEKT. Me Sold tbrouchout ton world. POTTEB DSUQ AOT CUZZL. COEP., BolO
Prope., Button. ** How to Cure Every Humor," free. • .
I- ' Pil- IV A OND/W we hold the first sale in ||l||j|!il|
' ? ' ers who appreciate estimate bar- |h9;I|||
Knrlish Merc»r)ixJ, with 10 Inch accordion ExfiSV^BEEsuBEirfUlBl
I'j ¦¦ taf>ta ruffle, In black &rA all colorings, ealo BJM^fcM^mBg^«i|
¦ : "\. ¦'','"' I S?ilk TaTfetas. <]e<>p accordion pleated ruffles,
Fklrt. e.nd 12 Inch accordion pleated rufSes In pS£&£u^t7$n9v»V
, ; Our fntlrellr.e o£ Taffeta. Silk Sklrte, In black !&££3%r&i!ui£*$9f '
'•¦' : i'Mw ' li^'I'-i ftn^ co1crs> are on £a '*- ou w m sav * a Kreat ¦**ffifiKKS3f?S3iifil
i CASH OS LITTLE-AT-A-TIME
I Roman chairs $2.00 this week. •
I We're petting ready to receive
I our Christmas stock, so we need
J every foot of room. We have
I about six dozen of these chairs
I at this price. The wood is ma-
) THE J. NOONAN
V FURNITURE COMPANY. Inc..
/ 1017-1023 MISSION STREET
I Pfcona Sonth H. Abora 6th, Saa Francisco.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
ADVERTISEMENTS.0
MRS. NETTIE R. CRAVEN BEING CARRIED INTO JUDGE COOK'S COURT IN THE NEW HALL OF JUSTICE
ON* A STRETCHER. SHE PAINFULLY OBEYED THE SUMMONS BECAUSE SHE DID NOT WANT TO FOR
FEIT HER BAIL OF $0000.
MOXTEE LEDDERHOS, THE BABY MANIAC, BIDS FAREWELL TO ALL HOPE OF HAPPINESS AND DEPARTS
FOR HIS FUTURE HOME IN THE MADHOUSE AT NAPA, WHOLLY UNCONSCIOUS OF THE TERRIBLE
FATE TO WHICH HE HAS BEEN CONDEMNED.
BEPAIB. DEPARTMENT
WILL BE ABOLISHED
School Directors Transfer Usurped
Power — No Additional Class for
South End School.
The Board of Education took steps yes
terday looking to the abolition of Its re
pair department, which it Has maintained
In the face of the " specific 'provision
of the charter that all repair* of school
houses are under the control of the
I Hoard of Public Works. By next
Wednesday the repair shop will have
been transferred to the supervision of the
last named board. The officials now In
The cases of Adolph Sylva and George W. SImpton. also
charged with perjury, were called Immediately after Mrs! Cra
ven's hearing. Former Governor Budd> and ex- Judge D. J.
Murphy appeared for them and made extended arguments
on demurrers to the indictments. The cases were continued to
October 27. when Deputy District Attorney Deuprey will reply.
A motion for a formal order denying Nettle R. Craven's ap
plication for a family allowance as the widow of the late
James G. Fair was made before Judge Troutt yesterday, a
written order is required so that the appeal from Judge
Troutt's order denying Mrs. Craven's petition might be per
fected. The time for, appeal expires Tuesday. -
The expense of preparing the appeal will be great, but it Is
said that Mrs. Craven's counsel have arranged the matters of
finance so that the fight may continue. It Is said that the
action will at least be kept before the court until after the
decision on the trust clause In decedent's will has been handed
down. If the tryst is declared invalid tne petitioner hopes to
force a compromise.
Pending the hearing next Saturday the court and the ' at
torneys will investigate the question of whether or not the de
fendant's presence Is necessary during the examination of the
grand jurors. If It Is held that she need not be there, the
hearing will proceed regardless of the court's decision as to
her state of health.
"This situation is very embarrassing," began Judge Cook—
"Judge, give me a little time to get well and I will be all
right," pleaded the defendant, turning her head slightly, as she
lay on the stretcher. Dr. Clinton and the nurse quieted her
and the Judge proceeded without notice of the interruption
' "All the certificates," he paid, "were made after a single ex
amination of the defendant. As to Dr. Clinton's testimony I
regard it as somewhat colored by prejudice. I do not want
to make an order that will be injurious to the health of the
defendant. I know Dr. A. W. Perry well. He has examined
the defendant and if ho will testify to her critical 'condition
it will have great weight with me. Or If such testimony can
be secured from any of these physicians:- Dr. George Shiels,
Dr. C. F. Buckley, Dr. John Gallwey, Dr. KInyoun or Dr!
Newmark. Put the hearing down for next Saturday, for the
introduction of such testimony If it may be had. The defend
ant need not be in court at that time."
Attorney Riordan said Dr. Perry's testimony could be put in
Monday at 10 o'clock, and the court consented to hear it.
"The defendant's' present condition." Dr.. Clinton said, "i«
that of a critically fiick woman. She has reached a critical
period of life, and for nearly three weeks she has suffered
from hemorrhages. It is against my earnest protest that she
is _here to-day, and I regard her appearance here as dangerous
and likely to set her back considerably.
"Eight physicians have examined the defendant and they
all agree with me— Drs. Max Solomon, D'Evelyn. Howard, Wil
liamson, Brunnell, Perry, Happersburger and Harrington."
Riordan said that certificates by the physicians had been
filed. Judge Cook said physicians' certificates of Ill-health
would not be accepted as evidence In his court.
Asked by Judge Cook how long it would be before Mrs. Cra
ven might safely appear in court, Dr. Clinton replied:
"In my opinion this woman ought to have an absolute rest
from this torture for three months. If she is dragged into
court every week or so it may cost her life."
«•••.-»••* i-rn-TTrrT-rrrrrn'YV'n'VVV 0
"Not If I was correct in my diagnosis." was the reply.
"He knows it would." Mrs. Craven said.
Dr. Rethers' testimony corroborated that of his colleague.
He had not thought the defendant's illness was real.
Dr. Clinton was called to the stand. *
MRS. NETTIE. R. CRAVEN was carried into Judge
Cook's court In the Hall of Justice yesterday morn
ing on an ambulance stretcher for arraignment on
the charpe of perjury. Her physician. Dr. C. A.
Clinton, had protested against such proceeding:, as
serting that her life was Jeopardized by it. and other reputable
physicians agr<>^3 with him. But the defendant, believing' that
Judge- Cook would order forfeited the 55000 cash bail in the
event of her failure ti appear, and stung by the Implications
rr.sfle In court and out of it that she was feigning illness to
delay Justice, insisted on being taken into court.
The entrance of the sick woman and her attendants had
about It the solemnity of a tragedy aftermath. Dr. Clinton,
a trained nurse and an additional attendant followed the
stretcher on which Mrs-. Craven reclined. She was carried to
a. place within the railing and the stretcher carefully deposited
there.
Twice during the short hearing Mrs. Craven gave evidence
of a k^en Interest In the proceeding?. Once she turned her
pallid, shrunken face toward Judge Cook and pleaded. "Judge,
jrive mo a little time to get well and I will be all right."
Once she said, with evident anger. "He knew It would," ¦when
Dr. I>ii5ti? had denied that hip testimony might make the de
fendant's condition more critical.
Mrs. Craven's attorneys. T. D. Riordan and A. Ruef, have
Interposed with a motion to dismiss the Indictment for wirlous
technical reasons: including the allegation that the grandTjurors
were in a state of mind that precluded their acting fairly to
ward the defendant. The motion necessitates examination in
•ourt of the grand Jurors.
The proceedings yesterday were devoted to an Inquiry Into
the defendant"? condition, to enable Judge Cook to decide upon
the date when Mrs. Craven must be present in order that the
examination of the erand Jurors may proceed. Judge Cook
was not satisfied with the testimony and written certificates of
right reputable physicians, and set next Saturday for Mrs.
<'raven's attorneys to produce the testimony of other physi
cians.
¦yVh'-n Judge Cook read from his calendar, "Cook vs. Fair,"
Attorney Riordan said that the defendant was In court against
The protests of her physicians and that if she were compelled
to bo brought into court again goon her life would be endan
gered.
Deputy District Attorney Deuprey urged that the defendant
rnter her plea, reserving the right to withdraw It later if her
attorneys so desired. Riordan and Ruef would not consent,
and JudVe Cook said It was their privilege to demand consid
eration of the motion to dismiss, but that possibly the de
fendant's presence might not be necessary during the examina
tion of the grand jurors. Riordan doubted if such waiver would
be legal, and Judge Cook said he wanted further testimony as
to the defendant's health before he set the case.
Dr. D. D. Lustlg was called *to the stand and repeated his
testimony given three weeks ago. He told of examining the
defendant September 14, with Dr. Theodore Rethers, and finding
that the paralysis, if any there were, was hysterical in origin
and not organic or dangerous to life.
"I personally thought it wan feigned," said Dr. Lustig. "If
she could be taken frcm St. Luke's Hospital to the Palace Ho
tel of her own volition, why could not she be moved from the
Falace Hotel to the courtroom to answer to the charge against
herr
"Would not your statement," asked Attorney Riordan.
"given out to the world by you as an officer of the court, tend
to injure the defendant's health In her present state?"
Against the protest of her physician, Mrs. Nettie R. Craven was carried into Judge Cook's
court yesterday on a stretcher, on zvhich she lay during the introduction of testimony of physicians
as to her condition. Though Dr. C. A. Clinton's testimony zvas most positive and certificates were
presented from eight other physicians agreeing with Dr. Clinton's diagnosis, Judge Cook was not
satisfied. He zi'as inclined to attach more zvcight to the opinions of Dr. Lustig and Dr. Rethers,
and finally continued the case till. next Saturday to give the defendant's attorneys opportunity to
secure the evidence of other physicians, whom he named. Mrs. Craven's attorneys have filed a mo
tion to dismiss the indictment, alleging z'arious technical flazvs and charging prejudice on the part
of the grand jurors. The court and the interested attorneys will determine whether the hearing
of evidence on that motion may proceed without the presence of the defendant.
THE LATE COMMODORE RICH
ARD LI OGDEN, THE PIO
NEER* YACHTSMAN OF SAN
FRANCISCO. - ;
charge are P. M. "Wellln, inspector ot,
school buildings; W. Comary, bookkeep
er, and ten or twelve artisans. In all
probability they will all be retained In
their positions.
Notwithstanding the reported conges*
tion of attendance in -the, South i Enfl
School, Chairman Mark announced . that
there would be no additional class es~
tablished there. The board concluded
some weeks ago that the class was neces
sary, but the attendance has fallen < off,
and as winter Is approaching if is ' ex
pected that the number of pupils will be
greatly reduced.
Director Dcnman stated yesterday that
the teachers and janitors at present em.
ployed in the department will -not be af
fected by the civil service system ¦ which
John W. Mackay arrived yesterday aft
ernoon from the East on a special train
and registered at the ¦ Palace. - He Is ? ac
companied by J. Telfner, a distant rela
tive of his, who, though a young man,. is
now the millionaire's ¦ constant traveling
companion- - ¦ ¦
John . W. Mackay Arri vea.
THE DEAD UNDERTAKERS
WHO IS MOURNED BY MANT
FRIENDS.
will be introduced Into the department
Those now employed will not be re->
quired. to take the examination, as the
board believes that the creation of va
cancies is not the Intent of the civil ser
vice system. It Is worthy of note that the
Civil Service Commission Is not of the
same mind, but it will have no part in the
system to be inaugurated by. the Board
of Education. .*..
CHARLES J. B. METZLER, one of
San ¦ Francisco's ' oldest citizens,
died early yesterday morning at
his residence on- Washington
street near Kearny after an. Ill
ness of three years.' During the three
months last past he had been confined to
his bed with chronic bronchitis, and al
though he received the best of medical at
tention, he succumbed to the disease.
' Mr. Metzler was one of the best known
men in San Francisco. He came to this
city at the ase of 16, fifty years ago, and
went to work at the bakers* trade. He
subsequently wentjnto the brewery busi
ness and established the Golden Gate
Brewery on Greenwhich street between
Powell and Mason. As he gTew older he
abandoned the brewery business and es
tablished .'the undertaking business which -
bears his name," and which .was managed
by his son Herman Metzler., .~.! }/ :
¦ air. Metzler was an ardent Democrat,
and for, fourteen years was a member of
the Democratic County Central Commit
tee. He ran for office once and that was
against Mr. Huber for City and County
Treasurer. He was the father of Herman
and Charles L. Metzler, Mrs. James Far
reirof Haywards. Mrs. L. W. Matthias,
Mrs. J. Lynch, Mrs. Von'Runn and Mrs.
Ida Hoffman.*
; The funeral will take place at 2 o'clock
next » Tuesday a f ternoon from Odd Fel
lows' Temple and the following 1 societies
of which he was a member will attend:
North Beach: Lodge No. 9, .Hermann's
Sons ;rGermania- Lodge, No. 116, I. O. O.
P. : Walhalla Lager.- No. 7, . I. O. O. F. ;
California Stamm No. 70. U.". O. R. M.;
Rothman Schutzen . Company Section.
Terba Buena Lager No. 8; U. • O.* R. M. ;
Metamora Stamm , Noi "-.4, Pocahontas
Sisters; Hoffman Lodge No. .1, Hermann's
Sons Sisters; Sigal. Halm No. 7, U. A. O. •
r>.; Hartnagle S. A*. Chapter TJ. A. O. D.;
Vereln.Elntracht, Walhalla Gesangr Ver
ein. Sud-Deutscher Vereln, Empire Coun
cil No. 47. Order Chosen Friends; America -
Lodge No. 2229, Knights of Honor. MT9
nu.i tm iiiin ii n i«h-mii ¦>¦«— iniiiMIvrlHi iTI
Charles J. B. Metzter Succumbs After a Long
and Severe Illness.
DEATH OF A RESPECTED
CITIZEN AND PIONEER
BY the death in this city on
-Wednesday last, or Commodore
Richard L. Ogden the oldest and
best known yachtsman of San
Francisco Bay passed away. He
was in the Tittles the owner of the then
famous sloop Restless, the first pleasure
yacht seen on these waters." It_ was
brought from New York on a ship ? deck:
In 186S he built the largo schooner-yacht
Peerless, one of the handsomest yachts
ever built here and one that took part In
the first regular regatta ever sa'.led on
this coast. She was sold by-hinrto the.
King of Samoa and became the bamoan
navy." When the San Francisco Yacht
Club was reorganized in 1S75 he was elect
ed commodore, an office he held tor sev
eral voars. About that time Commodore
Ogden also built the line steam yacht
Quickstep and the steam launch Hi- Yah.
Commodore Ogden came to California in •¦
1852 as a major in the Lnited States army.
He was at that time quartermaster of the
Department of ) the. Pacific, a position
¦which he held for about ten years.- That
¦was during the Indian wars in Arizona
and the * Northwest. During that period
the supplies for the army for California,
Arizona, Oregon and Washington were all'
provided from San Francisco, and he
handled mai.y millions ofr Government
money. When, he resigned from the army
he became associated with the late ! Wil
liam C. Ralston of the Bank of California
In a number of mining and Industrial en
terprises. He r was for some years man
ager of the Kimball Manufacturing Com
pany, at that time the largest industrial
concern In this city. .At the time: of tne
failure of the Bank of California much of
Commodore Ogden.'s-. fortune*, was » lost
when .the ; Kimball - Company, .: went down *
with the other Ralston enterprises. .
Commodore Ogden was always ; a man
of ¦ affairs, active and energetic In all he
undertook. ; Of a very genial and withal
generous nature, he : will « be ; missed • by a? 1
large circle of friends both: in' this city
and in New York. ¦ He leaves a '.wife and
two daughters— Mrs. R.H. Pease and Mrs. v i
8." I.. ""Abbot Jr. : The funeral. : which was S
held from his late residence at 2G00 Pacific
avenue on * Friday!" was strictly 'private,
only the : immediate ; relatives being ; pres
ent. • The body was interred i in'.Laurel
Hill Cemetery. - - - ;.••: i -
Commodore R. L. Ogden, One of the Old
est Yachtsmen on the Bay, Passes Away:
FAMOUS BOAT BUILDER
AND FINANCIER IS DEAD
TIGHTLY grasping the hand of a kindhearted Deputy
Sheriff, with his eyes turned longingly on the bag of
sweets held in the. other hand' of the official and ac
cepting the kisses of the aunt who for the past four
years has attended to his every want, without the least
sign of affection, little Montee Ledderhos yesterday bade fare
well to San Francisco and started for the insane asylum at
Napa, condemned by the verdict of the doctors to imprison
ment for life. Enjoyingjjerfect physical health this* little four
year-old boy, instead of romping on the streets and taking an
active part in the pastimes of other children of his age, will
from the moment the doors of the madhouse at Napa • clos2
behind him be as one dead. . , ¦ ,
A fond mother, whose every heartbeat Is for her little boy
despite, his terrible, affliction, lies at death's door, worn oui
with watching* and constant attendance' upon the youthful
maniac. So serious Is her condition that it was considered un
safe to inform her of the final disposition of her child, though
she knows and realizes that the course taken must be for
the best.
Mrs. Barbee. the aunt of the young maniac, who has de
voted so much of her time In preventing the boy from doing
himself and others harm In satisfying his brutish Instincts,
awaited the coming of Deputy Sheriff Tom Whelan at the
ferry and. turned her troublesome charge over to him. The
little fellow was not a bit backward in transferring his hand
from the clasp of his aunt to that of the deputy, displaying
as the only difference between himself and other children a
reluctance to submit to the farewell caresses. He endeavored
to drop to the ground, but was held up and at a word from
the official accompanied him, seemingly content.
Drs. Lustig and Rethers appeared before Judge Lawlor yes
terday morning and informed him that in their opinion the
child was hopeless!? insane. So free from the least bit of feel-
Ing Is the^chlld that his constant battering of his head against
hard substances has had no other effect than the strengthen
ing of ihe hold of the terrible malady. The doctors said th«
home for the Insane was the only place for him, as his mania
was such that It was unsafe for him to be at large. Judge
Lawlor accordingly signed the commitment and the relatives
of the unfortunate child were notified.
Judge Lazvlor yesterday signed the order committing the four-year-old maniac, little Montee
Ledderhos, to the insane asylum at Napa. Further' examination by Doctors Lustig and Rethers
dwclopcd the fact that the habit of the child in hammering his head against hard substances in his
insane paroxysms had increased the extent of the malady, and that this, in addition to the injury
suffered through a fall when four months, old, matfc his case hopeless. The little fellow was taken
to the ferry yesterday afternoon by his aunt, Mrs. Barbce, and turned over to the care of a Deputy
Sheriff, who took him to the home for the insane at .Napa. The youngster whose case has excited so
much interest displayed not the least sign of feeling on leaving his relatives, seemingly having
a greater interest in. the bag of cakes carried by the official zvho zvas taking him to the madhouse.
: • _ _ . ¦ _
Unfortunate Little Montee Ledderhos Will Spend the
, Rest of His Days in a Madhouse.
Yesterday afternoon "Carmen" was
again billed. Signor C. Alessandronl was.
in the cast as Escamlllo, the character
taken by the barytone who had lost Jus
position. The llrst act pleased the au
dience but when the curtain was ru»ig
down Alessandronl commenced his quar
rel with Impresario Azzali. He refused
to tread the boards again unless certain
concessions were granted. His friends
begged "and coaxed, even Carmen pleaded
for his go*od behavior. Manager- Oppen
heimer was dismayed. He consulted
Azalli. Finally ho received a lip—Ales
sandronl was only bluffing. If the curtain
went up'he would certainly appear despite
his announcement to the contrary. It was
decided to ring the curtain up. .
Carmen sang and the time- arrived foi
the entrance of Escamillo, but no Esca
miilo came. Carmen sang again and the
orchestra tilled in. the moments, of em
barrassment with bolero music. The au
dience was frowning , by. this time, and
just as Carmen had-'repeated her verses
for the fifth time a happy thought struck
the curtain raiser and he dropped the cur
tain. Then angry words arose behind the
scenes and Manager Oppenhelmer made
his appearance. *
"The barytone has refused to appear,"
he said. "He '. simply says he won't, and
that settles it. .We thought he was bluff
ing, but he wasn't. 'I don't know what to
do about It, but 1 guess you can, get your
money back."
"What Is the matter with him?" came
from the gallery.
"Oh, he's a fool, that's all," retorted
Oppenheimer, blue with rage.
"Go on without him," cried a voice, and
the audience* smiled at the Idea of an dp
era without a singer or "Hamlet" without
a Hamlet. Still, the experiment, was
worth something, and the man who made
the suggestion received many seconds.
Oppenheimer said he was willing if the
audience was. The audience took the
chance. It was later announced that a
Mexic.in barytone would appear, but that
he would be forced to have his lines in
front of him. Even this was satisfactory
to the audience.
"When Alessar.droni learned the name'of
the man who had volunteered to take his
part he became .Icalous. "I will continue
myself." he said, "just to spite them."
The disgruntled barytone sang through
the other acts, but the confusion had not
abated. Occasionally he sang out orders
in Italian to men in the wings, but his
words were not understood b;' most of th«»
audience. During the last act a bevy of
chorus singers deserted the stage and
poured their troubles into the manager's
Last night "Norma" was produced' and
went through without a hitch. There is
still strife, and Azzall*says the shake-up
soon to happen In his company. will dis
count that which has been booked for the
San Francisco Police Department.
The- opera of "Carmen" was heralded
as the strongest in the company's reper
toire. Consequently the house was packed
from -pit to gallery "Wednesday night.
Bellagambo 'saw his chance. Between the
second and third acts he made a demand
that If $100 was not immediately paid him
he- would fail to appear in the other acts.
The coin was produced' after much par
ley, but when the audience left the singer,
was accused of conspiring against the
stability of the troupe and was dismissed.
There was a clamor for money at every
hand, but when the management an
nounced that any member drawing salary
at that time would suffer the. fate of thy
barytone only one chorus singer had the
itching palm. He has not occupied space
on the stage since.
The Azzali Italian Opera Company's
record for adventure, distress and ill'luck
Is a marvelous one. Its a'dvent into
America was delayed; Its opening night
was postponed; Its singers became sick
and stopped performances, and mutiny
has now broken out In the ranks. Lorenzo
Bellagambo, a leading barytone, accused
of causing dissension, has lost his Job,
along with a bevy of chorus singers. The
climax was reached yesterday afternoon
during a production of "Carmen," when
a strike occurred behind the scenes, and
Slgnor C. Allessandronl, the barytone who
replaced Bellagambo on the bills, refused
to appear on the stage in. the second act
much to the dismay of the management
and the audience. The events which fol
lowed caused merriment and the ¦ show
ended In another strike, among the
chorua singers, many of whom walked
from the stage.
Mutiny in Hanks of Azzali Opera
Company Causes Several Dis
missals and a Change
in Casts.
Act in "Carmen" Interrupted
• by a Disgruntled
Barytone.
ALESSANDRONI
PROVED HE WAS
NOT "BLUFFING"
BABY MANIAC IS TAKEN
TO NAPA INSANE ASYLUM
Pages 23 to 32
O
SAN FRANCISCO, SUNDAY, OCTOBER 7, §1900.
TV K TV T j • i~n /"> y~"> t s~> -
Airs. Nettie R. Craven Carried Into Court on a
Stretcher to Hear Physicians' Testimony. ¦.'.<'
HER LIFE ENDANGERED
TO SAVE BAIL MONEY
Dnrrno 09 tn f)
I d&Co AJ lU JZ0
MRS. NETTIE R. CRAVEN BEING CARRIED INTO JUDGE COOK'S COURT IN THE NEW HALL OF JUSTICE
ON* A STRETCHER. SHE PAINFULLY OBEYED THE SUMMONS BECAUSE SHE DID NOT WANT TO FOR
FEIT HER BAIL OF $0000.
MOXTEE LEDDERHOS, THE BABY MANIAC, BIDS FAREWELL TO ALL HOPE OF HAPPINESS AND DEPARTS
FOR HIS FUTURE HOME IN THE MADHOUSE AT NAPA, WHOLLY UNCONSCIOUS OF THE TERRIBLE
FATE TO WHICH HE HAS BEEN CONDEMNED.
BEPAIB. DEPARTMENT
WILL BE ABOLISHED
School Directors Transfer Usurped
Power — No Additional Class for
South End School.
The Board of Education took steps yes
terday looking to the abolition of Its re
pair department, which it Has maintained
In the face of the " specific 'provision
of the charter that all repair* of school
houses are under the control of the
I Hoard of Public Works. By next
Wednesday the repair shop will have
been transferred to the supervision of the
last named board. The officials now In
The cases of Adolph Sylva and George W. SImpton. also
charged with perjury, were called Immediately after Mrs! Cra
ven's hearing. Former Governor Budd> and ex- Judge D. J.
Murphy appeared for them and made extended arguments
on demurrers to the indictments. The cases were continued to
October 27. when Deputy District Attorney Deuprey will reply.
A motion for a formal order denying Nettle R. Craven's ap
plication for a family allowance as the widow of the late
James G. Fair was made before Judge Troutt yesterday, a
written order is required so that the appeal from Judge
Troutt's order denying Mrs. Craven's petition might be per
fected. The time for, appeal expires Tuesday. -
The expense of preparing the appeal will be great, but it Is
said that Mrs. Craven's counsel have arranged the matters of
finance so that the fight may continue. It Is said that the
action will at least be kept before the court until after the
decision on the trust clause In decedent's will has been handed
down. If the tryst is declared invalid tne petitioner hopes to
force a compromise.
Pending the hearing next Saturday the court and the ' at
torneys will investigate the question of whether or not the de
fendant's presence Is necessary during the examination of the
grand jurors. If It Is held that she need not be there, the
hearing will proceed regardless of the court's decision as to
her state of health.
"This situation is very embarrassing," began Judge Cook—
"Judge, give me a little time to get well and I will be all
right," pleaded the defendant, turning her head slightly, as she
lay on the stretcher. Dr. Clinton and the nurse quieted her
and the Judge proceeded without notice of the interruption
' "All the certificates," he paid, "were made after a single ex
amination of the defendant. As to Dr. Clinton's testimony I
regard it as somewhat colored by prejudice. I do not want
to make an order that will be injurious to the health of the
defendant. I know Dr. A. W. Perry well. He has examined
the defendant and if ho will testify to her critical 'condition
it will have great weight with me. Or If such testimony can
be secured from any of these physicians:- Dr. George Shiels,
Dr. C. F. Buckley, Dr. John Gallwey, Dr. KInyoun or Dr!
Newmark. Put the hearing down for next Saturday, for the
introduction of such testimony If it may be had. The defend
ant need not be in court at that time."
Attorney Riordan said Dr. Perry's testimony could be put in
Monday at 10 o'clock, and the court consented to hear it.
"The defendant's' present condition." Dr.. Clinton said, "i«
that of a critically fiick woman. She has reached a critical
period of life, and for nearly three weeks she has suffered
from hemorrhages. It is against my earnest protest that she
is _here to-day, and I regard her appearance here as dangerous
and likely to set her back considerably.
"Eight physicians have examined the defendant and they
all agree with me— Drs. Max Solomon, D'Evelyn. Howard, Wil
liamson, Brunnell, Perry, Happersburger and Harrington."
Riordan said that certificates by the physicians had been
filed. Judge Cook said physicians' certificates of Ill-health
would not be accepted as evidence In his court.
Asked by Judge Cook how long it would be before Mrs. Cra
ven might safely appear in court, Dr. Clinton replied:
"In my opinion this woman ought to have an absolute rest
from this torture for three months. If she is dragged into
court every week or so it may cost her life."
«•••.-»••* i-rn-TTrrT-rrrrrn'YV'n'VVV 0
"Not If I was correct in my diagnosis." was the reply.
"He knows it would." Mrs. Craven said.
Dr. Rethers' testimony corroborated that of his colleague.
He had not thought the defendant's illness was real.
Dr. Clinton was called to the stand. *
MRS. NETTIE. R. CRAVEN was carried into Judge
Cook's court In the Hall of Justice yesterday morn
ing on an ambulance stretcher for arraignment on
the charpe of perjury. Her physician. Dr. C. A.
Clinton, had protested against such proceeding:, as
serting that her life was Jeopardized by it. and other reputable
physicians agr<>^3 with him. But the defendant, believing' that
Judge- Cook would order forfeited the 55000 cash bail in the
event of her failure ti appear, and stung by the Implications
rr.sfle In court and out of it that she was feigning illness to
delay Justice, insisted on being taken into court.
The entrance of the sick woman and her attendants had
about It the solemnity of a tragedy aftermath. Dr. Clinton,
a trained nurse and an additional attendant followed the
stretcher on which Mrs-. Craven reclined. She was carried to
a. place within the railing and the stretcher carefully deposited
there.
Twice during the short hearing Mrs. Craven gave evidence
of a k^en Interest In the proceeding?. Once she turned her
pallid, shrunken face toward Judge Cook and pleaded. "Judge,
jrive mo a little time to get well and I will be all right."
Once she said, with evident anger. "He knew It would," ¦when
Dr. I>ii5ti? had denied that hip testimony might make the de
fendant's condition more critical.
Mrs. Craven's attorneys. T. D. Riordan and A. Ruef, have
Interposed with a motion to dismiss the Indictment for wirlous
technical reasons: including the allegation that the grandTjurors
were in a state of mind that precluded their acting fairly to
ward the defendant. The motion necessitates examination in
•ourt of the grand Jurors.
The proceedings yesterday were devoted to an Inquiry Into
the defendant"? condition, to enable Judge Cook to decide upon
the date when Mrs. Craven must be present in order that the
examination of the erand Jurors may proceed. Judge Cook
was not satisfied with the testimony and written certificates of
right reputable physicians, and set next Saturday for Mrs.
<'raven's attorneys to produce the testimony of other physi
cians.
¦yVh'-n Judge Cook read from his calendar, "Cook vs. Fair,"
Attorney Riordan said that the defendant was In court against
The protests of her physicians and that if she were compelled
to bo brought into court again goon her life would be endan
gered.
Deputy District Attorney Deuprey urged that the defendant
rnter her plea, reserving the right to withdraw It later if her
attorneys so desired. Riordan and Ruef would not consent,
and JudVe Cook said It was their privilege to demand consid
eration of the motion to dismiss, but that possibly the de
fendant's presence might not be necessary during the examina
tion of the grand jurors. Riordan doubted if such waiver would
be legal, and Judge Cook said he wanted further testimony as
to the defendant's health before he set the case.
Dr. D. D. Lustlg was called *to the stand and repeated his
testimony given three weeks ago. He told of examining the
defendant September 14, with Dr. Theodore Rethers, and finding
that the paralysis, if any there were, was hysterical in origin
and not organic or dangerous to life.
"I personally thought it wan feigned," said Dr. Lustig. "If
she could be taken frcm St. Luke's Hospital to the Palace Ho
tel of her own volition, why could not she be moved from the
Falace Hotel to the courtroom to answer to the charge against
herr
"Would not your statement," asked Attorney Riordan.
"given out to the world by you as an officer of the court, tend
to injure the defendant's health In her present state?"
Against the protest of her physician, Mrs. Nettie R. Craven was carried into Judge Cook's
court yesterday on a stretcher, on zvhich she lay during the introduction of testimony of physicians
as to her condition. Though Dr. C. A. Clinton's testimony zvas most positive and certificates were
presented from eight other physicians agreeing with Dr. Clinton's diagnosis, Judge Cook was not
satisfied. He zi'as inclined to attach more zvcight to the opinions of Dr. Lustig and Dr. Rethers,
and finally continued the case till. next Saturday to give the defendant's attorneys opportunity to
secure the evidence of other physicians, whom he named. Mrs. Craven's attorneys have filed a mo
tion to dismiss the indictment, alleging z'arious technical flazvs and charging prejudice on the part
of the grand jurors. The court and the interested attorneys will determine whether the hearing
of evidence on that motion may proceed without the presence of the defendant.
THE LATE COMMODORE RICH
ARD LI OGDEN, THE PIO
NEER* YACHTSMAN OF SAN
FRANCISCO. - ;
charge are P. M. "Wellln, inspector ot,
school buildings; W. Comary, bookkeep
er, and ten or twelve artisans. In all
probability they will all be retained In
their positions.
Notwithstanding the reported conges*
tion of attendance in -the, South i Enfl
School, Chairman Mark announced . that
there would be no additional class es~
tablished there. The board concluded
some weeks ago that the class was neces
sary, but the attendance has fallen < off,
and as winter Is approaching if is ' ex
pected that the number of pupils will be
greatly reduced.
Director Dcnman stated yesterday that
the teachers and janitors at present em.
ployed in the department will -not be af
fected by the civil service system ¦ which
John W. Mackay arrived yesterday aft
ernoon from the East on a special train
and registered at the ¦ Palace. - He Is ? ac
companied by J. Telfner, a distant rela
tive of his, who, though a young man,. is
now the millionaire's ¦ constant traveling
companion- - ¦ ¦
John . W. Mackay Arri vea.
THE DEAD UNDERTAKERS
WHO IS MOURNED BY MANT
FRIENDS.
will be introduced Into the department
Those now employed will not be re->
quired. to take the examination, as the
board believes that the creation of va
cancies is not the Intent of the civil ser
vice system. It Is worthy of note that the
Civil Service Commission Is not of the
same mind, but it will have no part in the
system to be inaugurated by. the Board
of Education. .*..
CHARLES J. B. METZLER, one of
San ¦ Francisco's ' oldest citizens,
died early yesterday morning at
his residence on- Washington
street near Kearny after an. Ill
ness of three years.' During the three
months last past he had been confined to
his bed with chronic bronchitis, and al
though he received the best of medical at
tention, he succumbed to the disease.
' Mr. Metzler was one of the best known
men in San Francisco. He came to this
city at the ase of 16, fifty years ago, and
went to work at the bakers* trade. He
subsequently wentjnto the brewery busi
ness and established the Golden Gate
Brewery on Greenwhich street between
Powell and Mason. As he gTew older he
abandoned the brewery business and es
tablished .'the undertaking business which -
bears his name," and which .was managed
by his son Herman Metzler., .~.! }/ :
¦ air. Metzler was an ardent Democrat,
and for, fourteen years was a member of
the Democratic County Central Commit
tee. He ran for office once and that was
against Mr. Huber for City and County
Treasurer. He was the father of Herman
and Charles L. Metzler, Mrs. James Far
reirof Haywards. Mrs. L. W. Matthias,
Mrs. J. Lynch, Mrs. Von'Runn and Mrs.
Ida Hoffman.*
; The funeral will take place at 2 o'clock
next » Tuesday a f ternoon from Odd Fel
lows' Temple and the following 1 societies
of which he was a member will attend:
North Beach: Lodge No. 9, .Hermann's
Sons ;rGermania- Lodge, No. 116, I. O. O.
P. : Walhalla Lager.- No. 7, . I. O. O. F. ;
California Stamm No. 70. U.". O. R. M.;
Rothman Schutzen . Company Section.
Terba Buena Lager No. 8; U. • O.* R. M. ;
Metamora Stamm , Noi "-.4, Pocahontas
Sisters; Hoffman Lodge No. .1, Hermann's
Sons Sisters; Sigal. Halm No. 7, U. A. O. •
r>.; Hartnagle S. A*. Chapter TJ. A. O. D.;
Vereln.Elntracht, Walhalla Gesangr Ver
ein. Sud-Deutscher Vereln, Empire Coun
cil No. 47. Order Chosen Friends; America -
Lodge No. 2229, Knights of Honor. MT9
nu.i tm iiiin ii n i«h-mii ¦>¦«— iniiiMIvrlHi iTI
Charles J. B. Metzter Succumbs After a Long
and Severe Illness.
DEATH OF A RESPECTED
CITIZEN AND PIONEER
BY the death in this city on
-Wednesday last, or Commodore
Richard L. Ogden the oldest and
best known yachtsman of San
Francisco Bay passed away. He
was in the Tittles the owner of the then
famous sloop Restless, the first pleasure
yacht seen on these waters." It_ was
brought from New York on a ship ? deck:
In 186S he built the largo schooner-yacht
Peerless, one of the handsomest yachts
ever built here and one that took part In
the first regular regatta ever sa'.led on
this coast. She was sold by-hinrto the.
King of Samoa and became the bamoan
navy." When the San Francisco Yacht
Club was reorganized in 1S75 he was elect
ed commodore, an office he held tor sev
eral voars. About that time Commodore
Ogden also built the line steam yacht
Quickstep and the steam launch Hi- Yah.
Commodore Ogden came to California in •¦
1852 as a major in the Lnited States army.
He was at that time quartermaster of the
Department of ) the. Pacific, a position
¦which he held for about ten years.- That
¦was during the Indian wars in Arizona
and the * Northwest. During that period
the supplies for the army for California,
Arizona, Oregon and Washington were all'
provided from San Francisco, and he
handled mai.y millions ofr Government
money. When, he resigned from the army
he became associated with the late ! Wil
liam C. Ralston of the Bank of California
In a number of mining and Industrial en
terprises. He r was for some years man
ager of the Kimball Manufacturing Com
pany, at that time the largest industrial
concern In this city. .At the time: of tne
failure of the Bank of California much of
Commodore Ogden.'s-. fortune*, was » lost
when .the ; Kimball - Company, .: went down *
with the other Ralston enterprises. .
Commodore Ogden was always ; a man
of ¦ affairs, active and energetic In all he
undertook. ; Of a very genial and withal
generous nature, he : will « be ; missed • by a? 1
large circle of friends both: in' this city
and in New York. ¦ He leaves a '.wife and
two daughters— Mrs. R.H. Pease and Mrs. v i
8." I.. ""Abbot Jr. : The funeral. : which was S
held from his late residence at 2G00 Pacific
avenue on * Friday!" was strictly 'private,
only the : immediate ; relatives being ; pres
ent. • The body was interred i in'.Laurel
Hill Cemetery. - - - ;.••: i -
Commodore R. L. Ogden, One of the Old
est Yachtsmen on the Bay, Passes Away:
FAMOUS BOAT BUILDER
AND FINANCIER IS DEAD
TIGHTLY grasping the hand of a kindhearted Deputy
Sheriff, with his eyes turned longingly on the bag of
sweets held in the. other hand' of the official and ac
cepting the kisses of the aunt who for the past four
years has attended to his every want, without the least
sign of affection, little Montee Ledderhos yesterday bade fare
well to San Francisco and started for the insane asylum at
Napa, condemned by the verdict of the doctors to imprison
ment for life. Enjoyingjjerfect physical health this* little four
year-old boy, instead of romping on the streets and taking an
active part in the pastimes of other children of his age, will
from the moment the doors of the madhouse at Napa • clos2
behind him be as one dead. . , ¦ ,
A fond mother, whose every heartbeat Is for her little boy
despite, his terrible, affliction, lies at death's door, worn oui
with watching* and constant attendance' upon the youthful
maniac. So serious Is her condition that it was considered un
safe to inform her of the final disposition of her child, though
she knows and realizes that the course taken must be for
the best.
Mrs. Barbee. the aunt of the young maniac, who has de
voted so much of her time In preventing the boy from doing
himself and others harm In satisfying his brutish Instincts,
awaited the coming of Deputy Sheriff Tom Whelan at the
ferry and. turned her troublesome charge over to him. The
little fellow was not a bit backward in transferring his hand
from the clasp of his aunt to that of the deputy, displaying
as the only difference between himself and other children a
reluctance to submit to the farewell caresses. He endeavored
to drop to the ground, but was held up and at a word from
the official accompanied him, seemingly content.
Drs. Lustig and Rethers appeared before Judge Lawlor yes
terday morning and informed him that in their opinion the
child was hopeless!? insane. So free from the least bit of feel-
Ing Is the^chlld that his constant battering of his head against
hard substances has had no other effect than the strengthen
ing of ihe hold of the terrible malady. The doctors said th«
home for the Insane was the only place for him, as his mania
was such that It was unsafe for him to be at large. Judge
Lawlor accordingly signed the commitment and the relatives
of the unfortunate child were notified.
Judge Lazvlor yesterday signed the order committing the four-year-old maniac, little Montee
Ledderhos, to the insane asylum at Napa. Further' examination by Doctors Lustig and Rethers
dwclopcd the fact that the habit of the child in hammering his head against hard substances in his
insane paroxysms had increased the extent of the malady, and that this, in addition to the injury
suffered through a fall when four months, old, matfc his case hopeless. The little fellow was taken
to the ferry yesterday afternoon by his aunt, Mrs. Barbce, and turned over to the care of a Deputy
Sheriff, who took him to the home for the insane at .Napa. The youngster whose case has excited so
much interest displayed not the least sign of feeling on leaving his relatives, seemingly having
a greater interest in. the bag of cakes carried by the official zvho zvas taking him to the madhouse.
: • _ _ . ¦ _
Unfortunate Little Montee Ledderhos Will Spend the
, Rest of His Days in a Madhouse.
Yesterday afternoon "Carmen" was
again billed. Signor C. Alessandronl was.
in the cast as Escamlllo, the character
taken by the barytone who had lost Jus
position. The llrst act pleased the au
dience but when the curtain was ru»ig
down Alessandronl commenced his quar
rel with Impresario Azzali. He refused
to tread the boards again unless certain
concessions were granted. His friends
begged "and coaxed, even Carmen pleaded
for his go*od behavior. Manager- Oppen
heimer was dismayed. He consulted
Azalli. Finally ho received a lip—Ales
sandronl was only bluffing. If the curtain
went up'he would certainly appear despite
his announcement to the contrary. It was
decided to ring the curtain up. .
Carmen sang and the time- arrived foi
the entrance of Escamillo, but no Esca
miilo came. Carmen sang again and the
orchestra tilled in. the moments, of em
barrassment with bolero music. The au
dience was frowning , by. this time, and
just as Carmen had-'repeated her verses
for the fifth time a happy thought struck
the curtain raiser and he dropped the cur
tain. Then angry words arose behind the
scenes and Manager Oppenhelmer made
his appearance. *
"The barytone has refused to appear,"
he said. "He '. simply says he won't, and
that settles it. .We thought he was bluff
ing, but he wasn't. 'I don't know what to
do about It, but 1 guess you can, get your
money back."
"What Is the matter with him?" came
from the gallery.
"Oh, he's a fool, that's all," retorted
Oppenheimer, blue with rage.
"Go on without him," cried a voice, and
the audience* smiled at the Idea of an dp
era without a singer or "Hamlet" without
a Hamlet. Still, the experiment, was
worth something, and the man who made
the suggestion received many seconds.
Oppenheimer said he was willing if the
audience was. The audience took the
chance. It was later announced that a
Mexic.in barytone would appear, but that
he would be forced to have his lines in
front of him. Even this was satisfactory
to the audience.
"When Alessar.droni learned the name'of
the man who had volunteered to take his
part he became .Icalous. "I will continue
myself." he said, "just to spite them."
The disgruntled barytone sang through
the other acts, but the confusion had not
abated. Occasionally he sang out orders
in Italian to men in the wings, but his
words were not understood b;' most of th«»
audience. During the last act a bevy of
chorus singers deserted the stage and
poured their troubles into the manager's
Last night "Norma" was produced' and
went through without a hitch. There is
still strife, and Azzall*says the shake-up
soon to happen In his company. will dis
count that which has been booked for the
San Francisco Police Department.
The- opera of "Carmen" was heralded
as the strongest in the company's reper
toire. Consequently the house was packed
from -pit to gallery "Wednesday night.
Bellagambo 'saw his chance. Between the
second and third acts he made a demand
that If $100 was not immediately paid him
he- would fail to appear in the other acts.
The coin was produced' after much par
ley, but when the audience left the singer,
was accused of conspiring against the
stability of the troupe and was dismissed.
There was a clamor for money at every
hand, but when the management an
nounced that any member drawing salary
at that time would suffer the. fate of thy
barytone only one chorus singer had the
itching palm. He has not occupied space
on the stage since.
The Azzali Italian Opera Company's
record for adventure, distress and ill'luck
Is a marvelous one. Its a'dvent into
America was delayed; Its opening night
was postponed; Its singers became sick
and stopped performances, and mutiny
has now broken out In the ranks. Lorenzo
Bellagambo, a leading barytone, accused
of causing dissension, has lost his Job,
along with a bevy of chorus singers. The
climax was reached yesterday afternoon
during a production of "Carmen," when
a strike occurred behind the scenes, and
Slgnor C. Allessandronl, the barytone who
replaced Bellagambo on the bills, refused
to appear on the stage in. the second act
much to the dismay of the management
and the audience. The events which fol
lowed caused merriment and the ¦ show
ended In another strike, among the
chorua singers, many of whom walked
from the stage.
Mutiny in Hanks of Azzali Opera
Company Causes Several Dis
missals and a Change
in Casts.
Act in "Carmen" Interrupted
• by a Disgruntled
Barytone.
ALESSANDRONI
PROVED HE WAS
NOT "BLUFFING"
BABY MANIAC IS TAKEN
TO NAPA INSANE ASYLUM
Pages 23 to 32
O
SAN FRANCISCO, SUNDAY, OCTOBER 7, §1900.
TV K TV T j • i~n /"> y~"> t s~> -
Airs. Nettie R. Craven Carried Into Court on a
Stretcher to Hear Physicians' Testimony. ¦.'.<'
HER LIFE ENDANGERED
TO SAVE BAIL MONEY
Dnrrno 09 tn f)
I d&Co AJ lU JZTHE OPENING FOOTBALL GAME OF THE SEASON AT BERKELEY BETWEEN THE UNIVERSITY OF CALI
FORNIA AND RELIANCE GRIDIRON ATHLETES, WHO STRIVE IN VAIN TO SCORE A POINT THE HEAT
HANDICAPPED THE PLAYERS.
For. purity and quality In •¦beer- drink
"Rainier." the only. beer on Pacific Coast
awarded medal at Paris Exposition. *
LATE SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
: SAILED.
Saturday, October 6.
Stmr Sequoia. Winkle,' Port Brag?.
DOMESTIC PORT.
PORT LOS ANOELES— Arrived Oct t-Stinr
"Whitesboro, from Greenwood. •
Train-Robber Identified.
OMAHA. Oct. 6.— P. M. Moslyn of Oma
ha, head of a detective agency, to-day
Identifled the. dead train robber at Coun
cil Bluffs as one of the bandit quartet
captured at a saloon in South Omaha in
December, 1E9S, which gang later escaped
from the South Omaha City Jail. Mr.
Moslyn said the dead robber had given Mm
name as Cunningham. He was arrested
with a lot of dynamite, two revolvers and
burglar tools on him. The quartet were
placed In the South. Omaha Jail. That
same night they escaped and were not
seen again. ¦
Tinplate Plants Resume.
NEW YORK. Oct. C— The twenty plants
of the American Tinplate Company will
resume operations Monday. The mills
which employ /15.000 men. were closed for
more than three months pending a settle
ment of the wage scale. tr_
It will be remembered that the Purls
bureau of the "World, acting upon In
formation given by the chiefs of the Paris
anarchist gang/cabled several weeks ago
that ten men had been assigned to assas
sinate each ruler of a state, whether
King, Emperor or President. With ten
anarchists assigned to each ruler, it was
thought that all chances of failure would
be precluded. It is reported t±at a promi
nent Paris propagandist of •Malatesta's
doctrines was heard to remark this week
that "there would be such a series of sen
sational sacrifices within one year that
society would stand aghast and be com
pelled to pay attention to the just claims
of the suffering masses."
A World ppeclal says: Great indigna
tion is expressed by the Italian papers of
all parties over the scandalous immunity
enjoyed beyond the Atlantic by anarchists
who openly insult Italian sovereigns, al
though Italy Is a nation friendly to the
United States. To-day's Tribune con
tains a bitter article against the systems
of the United States police, saying that
unless greater severity against anarchist*
is enforced, Italy will retaliate against
America by rendering passports obliga
tory for all travelers from the United
States. The Italian police continue to
display untiring activity against anarch
ists, two of whom. Vlncenzoni and Flor
elll. were arrested here yesterday, in
their possession was found a valise con
taining five daggers and a large quantity
of black and red cloth Intended for flags
The prisoners refused to make any revela
tions. Six more anarchists from Pater
soh, N. J., have been arrested in Milan
The police are firmly convinced that the
anarchists are going through a period of
dangerous activity and officials are on the
alert.
Italian Papers Indignant Over
Alleged Immunity Extended
in America. ' : >"J\
NEW YORK. Oct. 6.— A "World special
from Paris says anarchists here acknowl
edge that they were perfectly acquainted
with the intention of their brethren in
America to murder President McKinley.
A2J-AKCHISTS ABE AGAIN
BECOMING VERY ACTIVE
HAVANA, Oct. 6.— During the last three
days 8160 immigrants from the Canary
Islands. and Barcelona have arrived hero
and left for the country districts, where
employment la readily obtalnd. This con
tinued influx partially solves the labor
question, many of the plantations having
been. idle owing to lack of labor to culti
vate them. . ¦: -.._/.".;.
5OQUEL, Oct. 6.— The County Christian En
deavorer Convention closed its business to-day.
The next convention la to : be held a.t Watson
ville. - ¦ • .•¦¦¦. "
Labor Question Solved.
RIVERSIDE, Oct. C— Congressman J. C.
Needhnm of the Seventh District and Ma
jor Hubbell addressed one of the largest
Republican meetings held in this city In
many years this evening. Mr.! Needham
devoted the greater part of his remarks
to the fruit tariff. His audience, mostly
orange growers, were enthusiastic, for he
was their champion irr obtaining the.cent
a-pound tariff,' besides working earnestly
during the last Congress against the Ja
maica .treaty. Major Hubbell spoke on
other national Issues.
Orange Growers Enthusiastic.
Special Dispatch to The Call
King Leopold II to-night gave a banqucl
in honor of his royal guests. The city was
illuminated. - - .
. The latest reports reduce the importance
of the conspiracy. The Socialists ridicule
the p'.ot, and say the persons arre'sted are
police agents.
The city authorities have finally per
suaded the Socialists to abandon the dem
onstration they had prepared, to hold to
morrow and It will occur on Monday. In
consideration of the postponement the So
cialists demanded and iecured a promise
of pardon for. the Socialist Moinau, who
Is undergoing a sentence of imorlsonmeni.
at hard labor for having placed an in
fernal machine in a doorway.
The magistrates sat at the town hall
until a late hour to-night to investigate
the plot. One of the arrested persons has
been released, but the others are de
tained. . .
BRUSSELS, Oct. 6.— As the result of a
discovery of a plot, against Prince Albert.
3ve arrests have been made, among those
taken into custody being the persons ac
cused of complicity In tho plot of Jea.n
Baptlste Sipido, the youth who attempted
to assassinate the Prince of Wales in
Brussels in April last.
Youth Who Attempted to Kill
the Prince of Wales.
Among Those in Custody is the
SUSPECTED ANAKCHISTS
¦ ARRESTED IN BRUSSELS
The semi-official Berliner Post expresses
surprise that Germany was not con«
suited by France before M. del Casse put
himself into communication with the
powers.
The official circles here lay stress upon
the entire harmony between M. del
Casse's proposals and Germany's latest
suggestions regarding the punishment of
tho guilty. It is understood that the
other points in t.*e French note do not
press for decision.
Referring to the note of M. Del Casse.
the French Foreign Minister, the official
refused to give details, but intimated
that it contained some new points calling
for friendly discussion among the pow.
ers, in which the German Foreign Office
expects- that an agreement will be speed
ily reached. He said, furthermore, that
the French note contained some points
"already superseded by very recent dip>
lomatic events."
BERLIN', Oct. 6.— A high official of
the Foreign Office asserted that the sec
ond German note had met with a warm
reception everywhere. "The Chinese
question," said he. "will now make more
rapid progress toward a solution so far
as the powers are concerned. All, how
ever, depends upon the attitude of the
Chinese Government."
Powers.
Discussion Among
France's Attitude Causes Friendly
NEW POINTS IN
DEL CASSE'S NOTE
PALO ALTO, Oct. 6.— The Palo Alto
High School football - team defeated
Holt's School this morning by a score
of 23 to 5 on the Palo Alto grounds.
Palo Alto Defeats Hoit's.
Special Dispatch to The Call
The New Year handicap, one and an eighth
miles, value $2000, to be decided January L 1931
—Grafter, Vlncltor, Constellator, Rosormonde,
Montanic. Magnet, La ¦ Borgia, ¦ Eddie Jones,
Homaze, Mortgage, Pat . Morrlssey, 'Rollick,
Scotch Plaid," David Tenny,' My Gypsy, . Preju
dice. Precursor, ¦ Advance Guard, Rodlnonte,
The • Bobby,' John A. Morris, -., The Monk, El
Mldo. Lothian, Dare II, : Dr. Ber
nays, Plan, Sid C. Azlm, Sir Rolla, Vesuvian,
The Golden Gate selling stake; purse $1000;
six furlongs— Mocorito, Loconomo, Alas, Pro
clamation, Dlomed, Montanic, La Borgia, Mort
gage, My Gypsy, Pat Morrlasey. Scotch Plaid,
Bokum Bill, Prejudice, Klnjr Carnival. Tayon,
St. Wood, Goldone, Roslnante, El Mldo, Lo
thian, I>avator, Joe, The Light, Orean, Anjou,
Headwater, The Buffoon, Nilgar, Storm King,
Socialist, The-61nger, Lomond, Tuthill, Horton,
Sir Hampton, x>ecoy, Loving Cup, Havlland,
l*upll. Grand Sachem, Buckwa, Casdale, Tizo
na, Sam Fullen, Gauntlet, Ostler Joe, Naples,
St. Cuthbert, Vain, Trimmer. Imperious, Guess
Me,. Plahn. Handlcapper, Wax, Dollie Weit
hofl*. Latch Key. Formero, Sunello, Torsina,
Kelas, Novia, Young: Morello.
The ¦ Emeryville handicap; purse $1000; one
mile; to be decided I>eeember 8— True Blue,
Grafter. Constellator, Dlomed, Olinthus, Ros
ormonde, Montanic, ' Haralamb. Homage, . Mort
gage. My Gypsy, Pat Morrlsaey, Rollick, Scotch
Plaid, Bogus Bill. Prejudice, King Carnival,
•John A. Morris, Tayon, The Bobby, The Monk.
El Mldo, Merry Boy, Sid C, Azlm, Khevllle.
Fldranthe, Andrlssa, Canmore. Vesuvian. Kitty
Lundy, Nllg-ar, Taranto. Ben Magin, McNama
ra, March Hare, Tuthill, What-er- Lou, Havl
land, Cromwell, Casdale. The Fretter, Tizona, .
Sam Fullen, Gauntlet, Gold Badge, Handlcap
per, Formero, Torsina, Herculean, Kelos, Gil
berto, ¦ Tempo, Younff Morello.
The Burlingame Belling stakes, one and a
sixteenth miles, value $1000, to be decided De
cmber 15— Jennie Reid, Alas, . Wyoming, La
Borgia, Montanic, Mortgage, Pat Morrisaey,
Scotch Plaid, Prejudice, King Carnival. Top
mast, Goldone, Roslnante, The Bobby, Tayon.
The Monk. El Mldo, Fonsovannah. Lothian,
Daro II, Dr. Bernays, Plan, Rey de San Juan,
Sir Rolla. Anjou, Nilgar, Storm King; • Uarda,
McNamara. Tuthill. What-tr-Lou. Horton, Sir
Havipton. Haviland, ' Bathos, Casdale, Buckwa,
Tenrlca, Sam Fullen, Alice Dougherty, Gaunt
let. Sah-atlon. Malay, Trimmer, Imperious.
Vain. OBm6na, "Wax. Formero, Alturas, Ar
baces, Morlnel, Torsina, Herculean, Kelos, GU
berto. Tempo, Pupil. •¦ . . - . . .
The Produce Exchange Make, two-year-olds,
value $1CCO, to be decided November 10— Diderot.
Catherine Bravo, Grafter. Ainder, Irate, Brutal
Lula, Homage, Rollick, El Fonso. Small Jack.
Odnor, Santalus, El Sonora, Alzura, Parsifal,
LaEsltude, Belle, Invlctus, Cowboy, Kitty
Lundy. Canmore, Ben Magln, Bedeck. Nellie
Forest. Intrada, Scally AVaK, Bonltary, Cam
baceres, Richard S, Helium, Osmitenu, lis-
U-Iadn.
The Opening handicap, $1500, to be decided
November 3. One mile — Jennie Keld, True Blue,
ConEtellator, Kosormonde. Montanic, Mortgage.
My Gypsy, Pat MorrUsey, Scotch Plaid, John
A. Morris, The Bobby, Tayon, The Monk. Pre
judice, Kins Carnival, Spike, Goldone, Lothian,
Kl Mido. Merry Boy. Dare II, I>r. Bernays,
Iiey de San Juan, The Buffoon, Andrissa,
Asian, Taranto, Silverton, Cromwell, Casdale,
Kavonius, Modrlne, McNamara, Haviland,
Loving Cup, Diamora, Bathos, Roslnante, Tut
hill, Klush of Gold, The Fretter, Plahn, St.
Cuthbert, Malay, Vain, Trimmer, Imperious,
Naples, Salvator. Ostler Joe, Gauntlet, Wax,
Sunello, Herculean, Torsina. Formero, G1I
bcrto, Kovla, Tempo, Good Hope.
It Is predicted that the season which
opens at Oakland track, the home of the
California Jockey Club, on November 3,
will be the greatest in the history of local
racing. More crack horses and more big
stables are headed this way than ev^r
before. On September 17 tha first six
stakes of the* club across the bay closad
and The Call is this morning enabled to
give the entries to same. Among the
stables represented are those of Dr. Row
ell, Green B. Morris, Fred Cook the book
maker, Albert Eimons, Burlingame Stock
Farm, Carruthers & Shields, W. N. Fried
man & Co., Walter 1 " Jennings, George \V.
Miller & Co., Burns & Waterhouse,
Charles Boots, J. K. Hughes the Texas
horseman, YV. N. Magrane, P. Ryan and
otheres equally well known.
The list of horses fB such a long one that
the officials of the Oakland association
feel highly elated. The full list is as fol
lows:
Colors of Green B. Morris, Fred
Cook," Albert Simons and Walter
i\ Jennings Will Bs Con
spicuous.
y ¦- — •! — -
Very: Best Western Horses
in Training to Be Seen
Here. ,
STAKE ENTRIES AT
OAKLAND TRACK
LONDON. Oct. 6.— At Woodgren to-day
Lon Hurst broke the world's professional
twenty-mile running record, covering, tho
distance In one hour fifty-three minutes
and forty-two seconds. *
Breaks World's Record.
SACRAMENTO, Oct. 6.— In a. football
match hero to-d«y between the Sacra
mentos and the High Schools." Ed Stack,
a member of the former dub, had his
collarbone broken and was otherwise se
verely injured In one of the rushes. The
High Schools won by a score of 5 to 0.
Football Player Injured.
Special Dispatch to The Call
LEXINGTON, Ky., Oct. 6.— Frank
Perkins, the colored jockey, was shot- to
death at his home here to-night by Tom
Christian '(white), a former bank clerk
and exerciser for E. T. Graves, the turf
man. Christian used a rifle. He became
enraged at Perkins' refusal to give him
a match, and was put out of his house.
He returned and killed Perkins as he sat
on his porch. . v . .
Jockey Perkins Killed.
PHILADELPHIA. Oct. 6.-Steve Flana
gan, the ex-champion bantamweight
pugulfst. died to-night at the Hanemann
Hospital, never having regained con
sciousness since his collapse in the fifth
round cf hlfl fight with Jimmy Devine at
Industrial Hall last night. . Several men.'
including Dcvlne, who were directly con
nected with the contest, were placed un
der arrest, but the testimony presented
at the Magistrate's hearing (before Flan
agan's "death) was positive on the part of
all the witnesses that no blow had been
struck immediately preceding the time
Flanagan sank to the floor.
The physicians at the hospital to-day
were considering the advisability of an
operation to remove a clot on the brain,
but, noticing some improvement in Flan
agan's condition, decided to defer thq
operation. Meantime the unfortunate
pugulist . had not regained consciousness
and shortly after 9 o'clock death ensued.
Devine was to-day held without bail to
await the result of Flanagan's injuries,
and Krnest Crowhurst, the referee, and
Robert Delaney, Flanagan's manager,
and the seconds, of both fighters were re
leased In ?500 bail as witnesses.
The authorities up to a late hour to
night had made no rearrests as a se
quence of the pugilist's death.
Fight Are Arrsstsd and Given
a Hearing.
His Combatant and Managers of the
PTJGILIST FLANAGAN
BREATHES HIS LAST
2:28 trot, purse jr.00 — Ozanan won three
straight heats in 2:17%. 2:1C. *13*4. Fr»4 C,
Hamwood, Hilda and Gladys also started.
The Johnston stakes, 2:24 class, trotting,
purse $20C0— Contralto won three straight heats
in 2:10. 2:11*4. 2:12V4. Bay Star, Joe Watts,
SinKle an<l Annie Burns also started.
2:06 pace, purse $20CO— Edith VV* won third,
fourth and fifth heata in 2:C9, 2:08Vi, 2:09»i.
Flirt won the flrst heat in 2:C7>£. The Maid
won the second heat in 2:07. Choral also
started.
The Johnston stake was won easily in
straight heats by Contralto. She was the
favorite. The 2:2S trot was featureless.
Summary:
LEXINGTON, Ky., Oct. 6.— The track
was in fine shape and very fast this aft
ernoon. Lucille went to beat her record
of 2:09*4 to wagon and finished the mile in
2:07 flat. This is a new world's trotting
record to wagon driven by an amateur.
Edith W was a big favorite for the 2:0*3
pace over The Maid, Choral and Klirt and
was heavily backed. She won out in the
fifth heat.
CLEVELAND, Oct. 6.— At the Glenville
track this afternoon Cresceus made a new
world's record for trotting stallions by go
ing a mile in 2:04, which beats his own
previous record by three-quarters of a
second. Cresceus c^overtt'd the mile with
out a slip, the time by quarters being:
:31Vi, l:01U. 1:31 and 2:04.
Glenville Track.
Fast Mile Trotted by the Stallion on
CRESCEUS BREAKS HIS RECORD..
the ball, and had it not been for the
continual fumbling they would have
scored one more touchdown in the last
McGilvry, a promising fullback from
Denver, was given a chance and proved
to be a good man at advancing the ball.
For the freshmen I^unt. Stanford. Clark.
Taylor and Patterson did the best play
ing, while Guioritlz. Ellenwood. Harper
and Harris starred for Mount Tamalpais.
Andrfpsa. Silvertone, Uarda. McXamara. The
Plnirer. Free. Miner. March . Hare. Tuthlll,
Wiiut-er-Lou. Sir Hampton. Havlland, Dathos.
Favonious. Star Chime. Cromwell. Casiale,
Hamilton, Tenrica, The.Fxetter. Sam Fullen,
Alice Dougherty, Gauntlet. Salvation. Evirato,
Malay. Trimmer, Imperious. Vain. Gold Badge,
Zoroaster. Max, Formero, - 'Arbaces, Morlnel,
Torsina, Herrul«<an. Kalos. GUberto, Tempo.
to warm up. By sheer weight, inch by
inch they were gaining ground and would
surely have scored in a few minutes, when
the game was called in th« most exciting
climax.
Stanford defeated Reliance by a score
of 6 to 0, and with the latter team hold-
Ing its own yesterday with California
football players shake their heads and say
the Berkeley team will have to be con
siderably strengthened before It meets the
Cardinal, or it will make a very poor
showing. But yesterday was a very hot
day for a game, and experts claimed that
it was impossible to judge of a team's
work under such conditions.
The line-up of the two teams was as
follows:
California. Position. Reliance,
tyonible Left end Theauerkauf
Albertson Left tackle...:.... Atkinson
Clay : I^eft guard Wlera
Castleluln Center Ackln&on
I<ocse Right Kuard Monroe
I'rlnsle Rlfrht tackle Hamilton
Hraley.. Right end Ahem
Moore Quarter Rodolph
Smith Left ha If Dinsmore
Duden Right half Varney
Sherman Full back McNevln
THE University of California and
the Reliance football teams met
yesterday on the caVnpus at Berke
ley, and at the close of the game
both teams had failed to score. It
was the second game the Reliance team
had 'played this season, and yesterday
they showed marked improvement since
their last game last Saturday, when they
were defeated by Stanford.
Smith, the California left half, and Ro
dolph, the Reliance quarter, were the he
roes of the day, and both men covered
themselves with glory. The game was
called at 3 o'clock and by the time the
whistle blew the campus grounds were
crowded with football enthusiasts, the
college band turned out and the rooters
had a chance to practice some new yells.
The Reliance team had the advantage
of the kick-eff. Moore of California got
the ball and punted it up the field for
twenty-five yards. The ball was then in
the ct-nter of the field and there it re
mained, both teams using bucking tactics
without any material results. Rodolpn
The California men thought they would
certainly win in the second half, as they
were in the best condition and their op
ponents appeared tired out, but in this
Idea they were mistaken, as when the
ball was sent skyward at the renewal of
the game the Reliance men were in good
form and played strong until the close of
the game.
Ift the kick-off in the second half Ro
dolph caught the ball and ran up the Held
with it. He was. caught in the center of
the field a few seconds later. Dinsmore
made a five-yard run, but was splendidly
tackled by Duden. who brought hinfto the
ground. The Reliance team then began
eventually secured the ball and punted
the plRskin up tho field t\venty T five yards.
Shortly after Pm'.th made r. ten-yard run
and the w;.«?ijo rooters went wild with
joy. They thought things were at last
cominp their way. but the Reliance boys
held on with bulldog tenacity, and though
the California team bucketl their lines for
all they were worth they were unable to
gain another inch. Dudon gained three
yards with the ball, but lost the ground
immediately afterward. At the close of
the tirst half it was anybody's game, with
the ball in the center of the Held.
THE CAD WINS
AT MORRIS PARK
Takes Champion Stakes in
an Unusually. Exciting
Race-
Plato, the Favorite, Loses by a Scant
Half Ltngth and Perlon Comes
in Third, Four Length*
Jaeninci.
NEW YORK. Oct. 6.— The Cad. ridden
by his owner, Mr. Smith, won the- cham
pion steeplechase at llorris Park to-day.
This was the feature of the clay's racing,
and It resulted In one of the most stirring
vstrucrgles of the reason: Seven horses
faced the starter, Tho Cart being added at
the last minute. It was a coveted stale©,
for outside of the honor of winning It had
a money value of JMuO. Plato was made
favorite at 6 to 6. the Bachelor second
choice at 2 to 1. while the others were all
held at 13 to 1.
They were sent off on the first break,
and the field, led by Iiato. ran closely
bunched for two miles. All fenced per
fectly, and as they passed the grand Btaoid
the second time every horse seemed to
have an even chance of winning-. Going
up the back stretch the last time Smith,
who was always second on The Cad, Bent
his mount to the front. Plato and Tho
Cad cleared the last obstacle In safety and
an exciting drive to the wire followed. In
which Smith showed his skill, landing his
mount a clever winner by a scant half
length. Perlon was third, fotxr len^tha
behind Plato. The others straggled m, no t
a alngle fall having occurred to mar tho
race.
Game little Bellarlo won the Nursery
handicap by a. length, from "Water Color,
who beat Beau Gallant a head for the
place. "Weather fine. Results:
Seven furlongs— Rosh won. Godfrey ••cond.
Joe Prey third. Time. 1:2«^.
The Hunter handicap, one mUe—Oneck Qttoea
won. Klllashandra second, Kamarm third.
Time, l:40H-
Tbe Nursery handicap, Eclipse court*—Bel
larlo won. Water Color second. Beau Gallant
third. Time. 1:10%.
The Champion steeplechase, three and a hal2
miles, value $10.000— The Cad won, Pl&to sec
ond. Perion third. Tune, 7:12.
SU furlongs, selling:— Rollins Boer won. Him
self second. Billionaire third. Time, l:llVi.
One mile— Ktnniklnnlc won. Duoro second.
The Amazon third. Time. l:«'i,-
ST. LOUIS, Oct. 6.— Weather fine; track
fast. Results;
** Seven furlonss. wHlns— St. 'Wood won, Impt
Kiraraasre second. Mr. Brookwood third. Time,
1:29.
Six furlongs— Omdnrmaa won, Tony Leppln*
second, Merriman third. Time, 1:11
Five and a half furionj^— Frank Bell won.
Gold d'Or second. Felix Bard third. Time, 1:07.
Mile and a quarter, over five hurdles — Eva
Moe won. Imp. Loiterer second. "Willie Prtca
third. Time, 2:20%.
Six and a half furlones— Tayon won, Hun
! rarian second. Master Mariner third. Tim*.
1:19^:.
One mile, selling— Ida. Led ford -won. Levins
Cup second. Meddlesome third. Time, 1:41.
CHICAGO, Oct. 6.— Hawthorne closed
to-day. "Weather clear; track fast. Re
sults:
Six. furlone«i — Silurian won. Blink second.
Fancy Wood third. Time, 1:14.
Sit furlongs— Rosa Diaz won. Jim Cor» II
second. McLaren third. Time. 1:144.
Steeplechase — Coronatus won. Mr. Dun'.ap
second. What Next third. Time, 4:30%.
Six furloncs — Headwater won, Sly second.
The Rush third. Ttm«, 133ft>
Mile and a sixteenth— BrieaJe won. Chappa
qua second. Found third. Time, l:47 J i-
Mile and a auarter — Clay Pointer von, ICoft
nig second. Molo third. Time, 2:08.
BUFFALO, Oct. 6.— Results:
Five furlongs— Cad Hazel won. Sagacity sec
ond. GeoTg© L* Bar third. Time-. l:<jm.
Four and a half furlonss — Prince Mai won.
Custodian second. Hayseed third. Time, :5T»%1.
Mile and an eigbth — Topgallant won. Left
Bower second. Sir Frtzhugh third. Time, 1:55)6,
Six furlongs— Our Lizzie won. Silver Garter
second. Miss Sfcanley third. Time. l:13»i.
Five furlongs — Presgrave won, Ethel Wheat
eeeond. Gray Dallas third. Time. l:01*i.
Six furlongs — Momentum and Death ran a
dead heat. LJzzle Kelley third. Time. 1:16*4.
Run-off— Death won. Momentum second.
Time. 1:13 1 .4.
FISTTRTnVTEK FIRE OIT A
SPANISH GUNBOAT
Government Decides to Send a War
Vessel to the Scene of the
Trouble.
VIGO. Spain. Oct. 6.— TTIe fl3hermen of
Canvas, province of Pontevlda, -who are
in conflict with those of the neighboring
towns on account of Industrial rivalry
fired on the Spanish gunboat Vasco Nunez
de Balboa as that vessel was leaving the
port to-day, and many were wounded.
The naval commandant of the port -was
also attacked. The Government has de
cided to send a war vessel to the scene or
the trouble.
Runs responsible lor— Hushes 3. Iburjr 5.
Home run— Hasan. Three-bane hits— Reilly.
Hlldebrand. Two-base hits— McLaushlln (2).
Hanlon, Kris, Pabst. First base on •errors-
Sacramento 1. San Francisco 1. First base on
called balls— Sacramento 4, San Francisco 3.
Left on bases*— Sacramento 10, San Francisco 7.
Struck out— By Hushes 5. by Iburg 4. Hit by
pitcher— Hlldebrand, Pabst, McLaushlln. Dou
ble plays — Iburg to Pabst; Hasan (unassisted).
Wild pitch— Iburg. Time of game- 2:20. Um
pire—Jim McDonald. Official scorer— J. W.
Stapleton. ¦'- ¦ -;,,
SUMMARY.
AB. It. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
Devereaux, 3b 6 0 2 0 2 10
Kheehan, c. t 5 0 0 0 3 0 0
Stanley, c 5 1 0 0 5 0 0
Ea*an, s. 8 6 2 3 13 4 1
Dovle. r. f 6 1 2 1 3 0 0
McLnuifhlln. !.f 5 3 4 0 4 0 0
Hanlon. lb 5 0 1 0 13 0 0
Hughes, p 5 0 0 0 1 3 t)
StUltZ, Cb 5 0 1 0 2 3 J)
Totals 4S 7 13 2 36 11 1
SAX FRANCISCO.
AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
Brockhoff, c. f 5 2 2 0 10 0
Hlldebrand. r. 1 4 3 1 0 3 0 0
Schwartz, 2b 6 0 1 0 13 0
Pabst. lb 6 0 2 1 IS 0 0
Sullivan, c 6 0 0 O 5 1 0
t«vy 1. f 5 10 0 3 0 0
KniK, *. a.. 5 110 2 5 1
Rellly, 3b 5 0 2 0 3 4 0
Iburg, p B 0 1 0 0 2 0
' Totals 48 7 10 1 36 15 1
RUNS AND HITS BY INNINGS.
Sacramento ....2 102 2 0OOo"00O— 7
Base hits 2 2032010201 0—13
San Francisco.. 0 00100024. 000— 7
Base hits 0 0000112500 1—10
SACRAMENTO.
But that is not what made the game ex
traordinarily sensational. In the ninth In
ning the local team came to the bat four
runs to the bad. Hughes, who was In the
box. was invincible for seven innings.
Then Frisco found him, and for a time it
was difficult to follow the ball as It
streaked the field for hit after hit. In the
ninth • the score was tied. After that
Iburg. who had been hit frequently and
hard, settled down, and for three innings
the play was as close as a cheese sand
wich. Two errors, one by Knig and the
other by Eagan, go to show what kind of
speedy ball was played. To cap the cli
max, Eagan repeated his performance of
a few weeks ago— sending the ball over
the left field fence for a home run.
Hits were plentiful, the fielding of bril
liant hue and the excitement over the re
sult after the eventful ninth always at
cutting edge. The crowd shouted its lungs
sore and from the ninth till Umpire Mc-
Donald called quits was on Its feet.
To Pabst belongs the honor of saving
the game for Frisco. Once more he dem
onstrated hla right to the title of "surest
hitter in the league." The ninth opened
with a base on balls for Rube Levy. Then
came a two-bagger by, Krug to. left field
and Levy scored. The score now read 7 to
4. A single by Reilly was injected into
the game before Iburg struck out. Then
Brockhoff hit safely. Krug scoring. The
next play, a hit by Hlldebrand to Deve
reaux. which forced Reilly out at third,
placed Brockhoff and Hildebrand on the
bags, which were soon after filled by
Schwartz's hit. At this stage of the game,
two men out and the bags tilled, the P'ay
ers were as nervous as the crowd. Two
more runs meant a tie and Hughes looked
nervous as Pabst faced him. A hard
drive over the first bag to right field did
the trick, Brockhoff and Hlldebrand scor
ing and thus evening up the score. Sulli
van flew out and the inning was over.
From that time on the game was of the
one, two, three order, both sloes being re
tired in rapid fashion. The western sun,
full in the face of the batters, made it
difficult for them to see the ball, but they
played on in grim determination. Iburg
had pitched one ball la the thirteenth in
ning, when the game was called on ac
count of darkness.
To enumerate the plays, phenomenal
and startling, would be filling a book.
Krug in the field and McLaughlin and
Eagan with the bat were the stars. The
score:
Not in many years, perhaps never be
fore in the history of California baseball,
has such a sensational game been played
as that of yesterday between Sacramento
and San Francisco on' the Recreation dia
mond. Twelve innings were played, dark
ness putting an end to the drawn-out
struggle, with the score standing 7 to 7.
Sacramento 7, San Francisco 7.
Sacramento and San Fran
cisco Play Undecided Ex
tra-Inning Game.
Three Bounds Were .Tacked On and
' Darknes3 Ended the Contest.
Beplete With Sensational
MOST PHENOMENAL
BASEBALL BATTLE
CALIFORNIA AND RELIANCE
GAME RESULTED IN A TIE
Teams Faited to Score on the Berkeley Campus.
Hot Weather Interfered With the Players.'
HARES OUTFOOT
SOME FAST DOGS
Open Stake at San Mateo
Park Furnishes Excit
ing Coursing.
»
In Sixteen Events Hounds Score but
Tvro Kills, the Speedy Jacks
Beating Them to
Escapes.
The hiird-runr.Snp hares proved quite a
factor in the run down of the open stake
yesterday, and outfooted their pursuers
in many events.
In the first part of the card the hounds
were outclassed in the matter of speed
and up to the seventeenth course suc
ceeded in scoring but two kills, the other
Jacks heating to the cpcape.
In the courso; between Solid Silver and
Bluest the hure ran the does all over the
field, leading khora a full 1CK» yard* and
making an easy gH-away. Then with
Erin's Elope an<l Biack Da;?y, on account
of the swifting of the hare, three
courses were !:w cssary for a decision. In
both undpc!<io.is the game escaped with
out a turn tx<inr made.
Short end? i:uule a good bhojvingr and
averaged every third course. St. Helen
took a poo-! rae* from Goldc-n Rule, who
¦was quntfd a J to 5 favorite. The winner
Is in a grood position on the card and
many favor her char.ccs for the stake.
Lorina is wr-11 thoupht of and has a
6how to reach we!! down on the list. Lily
of the West showed much better than at
any time sine" her reappearance.
6terl & Knowles' Rusty Gold has many
followers who predict a place within the
money for him. To-day's finals should
furnish pood coursing.
Following are the results and the offi
cial scores of Judge Andrew Dean:
Fan Mateo Park, open stake, first round—
l«rwe & Thompson's Prince Hal beat J.
«>'I>ow<!'e Shoctover. 6-4; A. Johnson'* Tod
Sloan t*eat J. Hook's Ladlee' Choice. 12-0; A..
Johnson's Loirlan<Ser beat T. Local's Honor
Bright, ?-T: J. R. Smith's Sylvanus beat \V.
C. <;ia£g<>n's Flelph Bells. 6-4; F. Jones' Lovina
beat Kay Brothers' Hawker, 8-2; Jo« rerr>''»
Commodore Nash beat P. M. Clarkson's Flower
of Gold. 6-1; \V. C. Ba«i?er'* Alameda Lad beat
J. Hurley's Shylock Boy. 2-0; P. O'EKmnell's
Hoodlum beat J. K. Smith's Petronius, J-I;
J. Dempseys Jinple IJellg beat George Shar
duii'i Miss gkyr >cket. t-i<: M. MichUiki's Ter
ror.ite'beat P. Onnta's Copi.»er Kir.tr. S-0: J.
O'l'owd't Erin's Hope beat J. McCormick's
BIa.rk ]•..:->-. 4-0; A. Uuker's Kanaka beat
Schaffrr Brothers' Thunderbolt. 7-5: George
M"hitney'i« Ther^n beat P. SteimofTs Veto, 6-1;
J. H. Perigo'p Controller beat J. Diekson's
Lady B<-»p. i-t: I). Shannon's Solid Silver beat
J. Hurley's UiueFt. 4-«: D. El W11ej-"s High
Born La<5y liep.t .1. McCormick's White Lily.
6-0; Land* & Oerber's Mcunt Ida beat D. E.
Wiley'* Buckle*, lft-0; J. Flowers* Key
rtone beat P^ner Brothers' Pluek. S-0; Otorfre
Shaman's Bona Fide beat J. R. Smith's
r«fs«ord, €-0; <^. O. Peterson's Pilver Cloud
»>e&t G. Parkinson's Ben Lomond. 3-0;
Lande i: G«rber*a Concord best G. Lennon's
lUlf Moon. :r.-9; C. Bonar's Wild Nora beat
6chafTer Uros. 1 Little Lucy. 8-4; James Hur
ley's Star of Cuba beat J. H. Perlyo's Querita
Vinc-«»nt. 3-0; O'Phea Broe.' JTount? America beat
F. Mack's Delia M. 5-0; C. Grau's Martha
Washinpton bfat D. E. Wiley'* Buck, 4-1; J.
H. Pcritto'p Lady Davenport heat J. R. Smith's
Jennie Sjrlvanus. 12-0; J. Keenan's London
Link* lK>at J. McEnroe's Admiral Sampson.
f.-0; George Shanr.an's Bowery Boy b^at T.
Ker-.n^y's May Boy. 13-7; Kay Bros.' Crosspatch
b*nt U. Bvke'a Nijcht Tim«\ 6-2; Sterl &
Know!**' Rustv Gold Vat J. M. SrUlwoirs
Esmfralda. C-0: J. ]i. Smith's Victor Qwn b*at
O. Ijcrraon'n Jerm!«> Noyes. 5-C 1 ; Connril Bros."
Ft. Hrlen b«*t o'Phea Hro*.' Golden Rule. 7-4;
D. Shannon's Pafrguanl h*-at F. Herrin>?'» St.
Elmo. 4-0; E. Fallen's Lily of. the .West beat
\V. C. Gtuunfa Sfantonin, 6-0; W. J. Brown
in*'s Mountain IJfUe h<»at Lotto & Thompson's
Little F*u!l«»rton. 4-2; Low? & Thompson's St.
Oran bf>at T. Coonfy's. Sweet Faverdale, 3-0.
SPEEDY HOUNDS
DO CLEVER WORK
Dogs of Record Bunched for
Final Honors at Union
Park.
Well Down in the
Stake.
Bohe Shows Speed and Is Fav
ored by Talent to Reach
Good coursing was the result of the
run-down of theWnety-six dog open stake
at Union Park yesterday and judging
from the past records of the hounds that
remain on the card to-day's finals should
furnish Interesting sport.
J. H. Perigo's fast Eohe beat Deckel
man's Ben Kirby pointless in a course in
the early part of the stake in which fehe
showed much speed. The little bjack Uyer
is in good condition and barring accidents
has a good chance for stake honors. Tho
Pasha Kennels' Gold Nufrget and Fiery
Face perfornud well and much interest Is
manifested in their work.
A dozen short ends landed during the
duy at average .good odds, the best of
which v.-ere Scotland Yet against Erin at
5 to 1, Belle Clalr against Forget at 4 to 1,
both close races; Lady Granard against
Beauty Spot at 5 to 1 in a long course.
Lady Gtraldine against Whisky Hill at
3 to 1 and Hollo Kocktt, a young grey
hound, against Hot Haste at 5 to 1 in a
heavy scoring go. Twin City Girl beat
Hartford Lbfs pointless, and considering
her recent good performances is favored
to make a showing well down in the finals.
Cruiser, who is rated as a dangerous
opponent when tagalnst a hot favorite,
added another victory to his list of short
end v.'ins, beating Vanity Fair of the
Curtis kennel at 5 to 3. Golden- Russet
figures to go a distance and with Royal
Union, Royal Anne and \Var3hlp should
be in the running close to tlje finish. The
detailed results with Judge John Grace's
official scores follow:
Union Park, open stake, first round — J. L.
H<*5' Wild Wave beat Curtis & Sons' Shadow,
13-11; T. Cooney's Modesty beat Russell. Allen
Sr Wilson's Victor Boy, 5-0; L. F. Bartels'
Beer Brewer beat Curtis Ai Sons' Old Glory,
fc-5; A. Johnson's Bald Kagle beat J. Smith's
Master Workman. 3-2: K. M. Kellogg's Kid
McCoy beat Kussell, Allen & Wilson's Stray
cway. 12-3; P. J. Reilly's Royal Union beat
J. J. Edmonds' On On, 9-7; S, Handy" s Twin
City Girl beat E. Doherty's Hartford Lass. C-0:
Wllson'is Wedding H»11f. 6-2: Pasha Kennels'
Round About heat T. W. bartels' lletsy Har
rt'w. 15-6; A. Johnson's Mountain Beauty beat
Pasha Kennels' Uest Assured, 5-0; P. Doyle's
Liberator beat Curtl* & Sons' Psyche, 7-4;
Aeneld Kennels' Achilles a bye; J. H. Pertgo'g
I5ohe beat H. A. Ueckelman's lien Klrby, 5-0;
P.ussell, Allen & 'Wilson's Scotland Yet beat
M. Dunlea's Fjin. 9-7; D. Tolar.d's Pleasant
Girl beat J. Moriarity's Kittleman. 12-1; Ru?
pell. Allen & Wilson's Belle Claire beat J. P.
Thrift's Forget. *-7; J. J. Edmonds' Whisky
Hlllbeat T. Hood's Lady Geraldine. 2S-9; Itus
sell, Allen & Wilson's Rosle Claire beat J. 1'.
Thrirt'i Tj-rone Prince, 11-4; P. Reilly's I^dy
Cranaxd beat R. L. Taylor's Beauty Spot. 23-S;
Maher & Reid's Bad Boy beat K. M. Kellntrft's
Iowa Maid. 3-1: Patha Kennels' Oold Xugget
beat P. Reilly'« Master Mat. 15-5; Pasha Ken
nels Fiery «Fnce beat J. Byrr.es' Mas
ter lily, 16-1; Pasha Kennels' Random
Aim beat H. A. Deckelman's Snapshot. 6-4;
Curtis Ac Sons' McKinley beat A. VanderburK's.
Copperhead. 1S-3; L. K. Bartels' Banner Bright
beat Pasha Kennels' May Hemretead, 5-4; P.
Jackson's Gkilden Russet beat It. K. de B.
Lopez's Diablo. 6-1; J. Byrnes' Olympus beat
Chiarinl Bros.' Braps Button. 3-0; l'asha Ken
nels' Royal Anne beat J. P. Thrift's St. Mich
ael. 6-2; Curtis & Sons' Cart beat F. Schou's
Kind's Borderer. 8-5; Ruspell. Allen & Wilsons
Spiteful beat R. E. de B. Lojiez's Sara. 5-3;
J. Carroit's Master Claire brat P. M. Clark-
Bon'e Golden Garter. 5-3: Aeneld Kennela'
Aeneas beat "P.' Reilly's Expense. 8-4; 1*. J.
Reilly's Warship beat W. Riser's Richard. 5-0;
P. J. Relliys Honojty beat Erwin & Lyon"8
Silver Wln»?8, 4-2: W. Caimes' Imperial beat
Sterl & Knowles' Amarosa, 4-2: F. Jones'
WedeewooA beat J. Moriarity's Snapper Gar
rison. 10-2: J. Sutton'3 Master Lawrence beat
Russell, Allen & Wilnon'a Talk to Me, 19-»;
Russ«ell, Allen & Wilson's First Foot beat Har
rigan & Wiegand'a Overture, 22-8; H. A. Deck
elman's Belle Rocket beat J. J. Kenny's Hot
Haste. 22-4; PaFha Kennels' Metalic beat P.
J. Olmo's Cora Pearl. 8-C: Curtli" & Sons' Echo
beat Jeft Martenett's Slim. S-7; E. M. Kei
log^'s Iowa Boy beat T. J. Harrington's South
ern Girl. 14-1; E. M. Kelloggr's Ben's Babe
beat Chiarinl Bros.' Bunco Bill, 17-12; J. H.
W. Muller's Cruiser beat Curtis & Sons' Van
ity Fair, 14-5: Pasha Kennels' Real Lasfcfe beat
Aeneid Kennels' Agamemnon. 7-4; J. Moriar
ity's Jimmie Anthcny beat W. Kiser's Royal
Prize 5-2; Pasha Kennels' Rollicking Airs
beat Russell, Allen & Wilson's Castaway, 8-L
ZBRORS PROVE COSTXY.
Louis.
Pittsburg Loses the Game With. St.
-.Cluh*— XT. L. Pet.' Clubs— W. L. Pet.
tJrr* klyn ....« E3 .fif* "Tilcayo €3 69 .477
Pftt*bur* ...7* r« .r*i =t. I-rfJUls CJ 72 .462
Pbl!adelph!a.71 <JS .530 "lnrinnati ..5» 74 .441
Boston €3 C3 .««j New York... 53 77 .430
rTTTSBURO. Oct. 6.— rmsr-urg^s field day
yeftrrday eviijently unf.tted the players for
ba*ct>a!l. The tw«t they could &r> was to make
error*. Attendance ZtW. Score:
Clube— R. H. E.
Pittsbunr 3 J 7
6t. Louis 4 8 1
Batteries — I>eever and Zlmmer; Powell and
Crleer. Vrnpir* — Pwartwood.
PHILADELPHIA. Oct. 6.— Brooklyn defeated
Philadelphia by better fielding. Attendance,
4*>00. Score:
Clubs— R. H. E.
Brooklyn 8 17 0
Philadelphia 6 14 3
BatterU-i^— Mr<3innlty an1 Farrell; Frarer
en<5 McFarland. Umpire— Hurst.
NEW YORK. Oct. 6— In a pitchers' battle
the New Y^rks beat the Bretons this after
noon. Attendance, IS**}. Score:
Clubs— R. H. E.
Borton 1 S 2
ICew Tork 4 4 4
Batteries— Nlohoi* and Sullivan; Mercer and
Grady. T"mr>lre — Sr.yder.
Sale of Horses.
NEW YORK. Oct. 6.— A number of race
horses In training, the property of C.
Fleischmann's Sons and E. S. Graven,
•were sold to-day at auction at Morris
Park. Bonnilxrt. winner of the National
Stallion stakes, brought the top price. E.
HelTner frivlnjr $sxm for him. Those bring
ing- $?<*> or over were as follows: Prop
erty of Fleischmann's Sons — Bonnlbert
ch. c. 2. E. HeffhfT, $3500; Dolando. b. p
1, J. J. McCafferty. $2100: Six Shooter, br.
c. 2. A. L. AFte. $2C'»0: Harcrraviate. b. c.
2. N. L. Mitchell. $750: Irstable. ch. c. 2.
J. H. Klin^. K."/»0; Barbara Freitchie, b. f..
2. T. Welch. 12000. Property of E. S. Cra
ven—Phllao^ br. m.. 5. L,. V. Bell. $700.
FIUST ILEAGTTE GAMES
OF SERIES PLAYED
Boone's and Berkeley Tie, While Per-
alta Beats Central by a Score
Of 28-0.
BERKELEY. Oct. 6.— Two Academic
Athletic League football games, the first
of the series, were played here to-day,
one on the university campus and the
other on the Peralta Hall grounds. The
games were between the Berkeley High
School and Boone's University School, and
the Central High School and the Peralta
University Academy.
Boone's and the Berkeley boys put up
a hard fought game on the campus,
neither side being- able to score. It was
one cf the best league games ever played,
time being called with no advantage to
either side.
The line-up was as follows:
Berkeley. Position. Boone's.
McCoy C Street
Plummer It. G. L. Bri&Rs
Lamb L. G. R Stron<l
Pond R. T. L Ray
FlRh L. T. R Walker
Demerrltt R. E. L Bernagry
Mc«,;uesten L. E. R Long
PollEsky G Russell
Vo!z R. H. L Gase
Sa<-'.tzer Li. H. R Combs
Parker F Strouso
In the Pefalta-Central game the men
from the former school outweighed their
rivals and won by a score of 2S-0. The
teams lined up as follows:
Central. Position. Peralta.
Morehtad C Dozler
McGregor R. G. L McKlnnon
Uurke .. L. G. It Cramer
Fay R. T. L, J. Mflvln
Cothrln, * L. T. R Diillngham
Eaton R. E. L Morrow
rosey L. E. R BlancharU
Wood Blbby,
Murphy Q A very
Macfarlane U. H. I, R.Melvln
He la Toba -I... H. R....-...Platt (Capt.)
Clary (Capt.) F Burpee
AMERICAN JOCKEYS LEAD.
Handicap.
Mount Prospect "Wins Duke of York
LONDON. Oct. 6.— At the Kempton
Park autumn meeting to-day the Duke of
York stake (handicap) of 2000 sovereigns,
one and a quarter miles--, was won by M.
Bailey's Mount Prospect, ridden by Lester
Reiff. ¦ Second place was taken by C. S.
Newton's Ameer, guided by Danny Maher.
and Lord Beresford's Caiman, with John
nie Reiff in the saddle, came in third'.
Thirteen horses ran.
La Lune led to the straight and then
gave -way to Australian Star and Cai
man. Below the distance Mount Pros
pect assumed the lead, followed by Ameer,
and won by a length and a half. The
same distance separated second and third
horses. Australian Star, with Rigby up,
was fourth. ¦ • t . , , . . . *
The betting; was 9 to 2 against Mount
Pro«poct. and 8 to"l each apainst Ameer
anl Caiman. The Kcmpton Park nursery
handicap .plate was won by Newtonfs
Friars Wash, on which Maher had the
mount.' . •
The Stanley plate Belling handicap was
won by W. M. G. Singer b filly Ploreal,
Tod Sloan having the mount.
The Waldegrave . plate, one mile and a
half, was won by Sir E. Cassell's colt
Martini, with I,. Reiff up.
STANFORD FRESHMEN" WIN.
Mount Tamalpais Academy Team
Loses to the Palo Alto Infants.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
STANFORD UNIVERSITY. Oct. 6.— The
Stanford freshmen defeated the Mount
Tamalpais Military Academy football
team on the campus this afternoon by a
score of 16 to 0. The freshmen did all of
their 'scoring In the first half. Mount
Tamalpais put up a fast grame, but was
completely outclassed by the freshmen,
who showed marked Improvement over
their playing of last week. The greatest
trouble of the infant team was In handling
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, OCTOBER 7, 1900.
24
ADVURTISEMSNTS.
Specialists
rl A 'or
MMen
iw -
j/ S7RICTLY RELIABLE
DR. TALCOTT & CO.
997 Market St., Cor. 6th St.
LADD'S GUN STORE,
fgjpl&*^ Tl'hl Kearny 8t>> 8 - **•• for
, Illustrated catalogue, No. I te * 1
ADVERTISEMENTS.
A Mcst Remarkabla Remedy That
Quickly Restores Lost Vigor
to Men.
A Free Trial P?ckacre Sent by Mail
to All Who Write.
Fre* trial rafkares of a most remarka-
ble remedy are beins mailed to all who
will \irrite the State Medical Institute.
They cured so many men who had bat-
tled for 5-ears ajjainFt the mental and
physical Bufterlr.g of lost manhood that
the Institute has decided to distribute
free trial packages to ail who write. It
Is a home treatment, and all men who
Buffer from any form of sexual weakness
resiiKiriK from youthful folly, premature
lo?s of strer.rth and memory, weak back. !
varicocele or emaciation of parts can now
cure themselves nt home.
The remedy ha* a peculiarly srrateful
effect of warmth and seems to act direct
to the desired location, plving strength
and development Jus* where it is needed
It cures all the ills and troubles that come
from years of misuse of the natural func-
tions and has been an absolute success In
all cases. A request to the State Medical ''
Institute. 12S Klektron building. Fort I
Wayne. In<S.. *t a tine that you desire one
of their free 'rial packages, will be com-
piled With promptly. The Institute Is de-
eirous cf re*chinpr that great class of men
who are unahle to leave home to be treat-
ed, and the free sample will enable them
to see how rasy it is to be cured of sex-
ual weakness when the proper remedies
are employed. The Institute makes no re-
strictions. Any man who writes -will be
pent a fre« sample, carefully sealed In a
pJein package. *o that Us recipient need
have no fe?.r of embarrassment or pub-
licity. Readers are requested .to write
without delay. ; ."
BADTVAVS KKAUY RELIEF has stood
unrivaled betar* tbe public for 60 years as a
F*ln Remedy. It lnstantlr relieves and quickly
care* all Colds, Son Threats, Influent*. Bron-
chitis, Pneumonia, Rheumatism, Neuralgia,
Bcadaebe, Tothacb* and all pains. Internally
tor M&Urla sad aU Bowel Pals*. All dru«uu.
I.Cleveland. 9
1 A carload Just pe- I
I ceived from the h
I factory- &|
I LEAVITT & BILL, I
1 3C9 LARXIN ST. - - San Francisco*. 9
I 20 San Peb:o Aie. - - - Oakland. |
0 57 S. Second St. - - - San Jose. Ra meeting at Its tent, corner of Folaom
and Steuart streets, next Thursday even
ing. A number of speakers, among them
Max C. Sloas. candidate for Superior
Judge, will discuss the issues of the cam
paign. The executive committee of the
club is composed of H. W. Goodall, H.
B. Madison. W. J. Brady. C. H. S. Pratt.
G. W. Leale. W. E. Balcom. W. P. Wil
son and H B. Schindler.
Reception to A. Rollins.
To-morrow evening the Union Le&grue
Club will give a reception to Frank "W.
Rollins, Governor of New Hampshire.
Licensed to Marry.
OAKLAND. Oct. 6.— Marriage licenses
were issued- to-day to Richard "Seale, 39
years of age, Cottonwood, and Sarah Ann
Lynch, 35, Berkeley; Miller Paulsen, 30,
Ttedwood City. Rnd Hannah Holland, 27.
Ran Francisco: John Henry Nash, 30. and
Mary. Henrietta Kdwards. 29. both of San
Franclpeo; Andrew Devitt Pryal, 65, and
Ruth Ellen Crane, 34. both of Oakland.
BIG FIRE IN BUTGHERTOWN.
At 2 o'clock this morning fire broke out
In the immense plant of Ihe South San
Francisco Packing and Provision Com
pany, corner of Seventh avenue and-M
street. South 'San Francisco. Two alarms
were turned In, and a dozen engines were
soon on the scene. At 3 o'clock the fire
was still' burning.
Says Husband Was Cruel.
OAKLAND, Oct. 6.— Amelia Agrela com
menced an action to-day for a divorce
from Antone Agrela. -She claims her hus
band treated her with extreme cruelty. .,;¦¦
GRASS VALLEY, Oct. 6.— Eugene, the eight
year-old son of E. K. Smart, had a narrow ea
capa from death thia evening. With other boye
a little ' older : than himself ho was , examining
a 22-cm.llber rifle when It was accidentally dis
charged. ¦ The bullet struck young Smart in
tho abdomen, inflicting a flesh wound,
The McKinley and Roosevelt Club of the
Thirty-sixth District will meet
to-morrow evening at Sunnyside Hall,
corner of Circular ' and ' Flood avenues
Meetings will be held during the cam
paign in various parts" of the district.
The officers of the club are as follows:
C. W. Mark, president: W.H.Kountz.
first vice president; Charles Ellis, second
vice president; Gustave Schnee, recording
secretary; George Pattlson, corresponding
secretary; W. A. Merralls, treasurer.
Sunny side Hall Meeting.
The Scandinavian Republican Club, had
a meeting at 1159 Mission street . last
night. Captain C. H. Peterson was elect
ed secretary ; of the . club. . Resolutions
were passed indorsing Congressmen Kahn
and Loud. A mass meeting will be held
next Thursday night at Trades Hall, 1153
Mission street. i:-\.
Scandinavian Republican - Club.
Harbor Republican Club.
The Harbor Republican Club will .have
GRASS VALLEY HEARS GAGE.
Hundreds Unable to Gain Admission
to the Meeting Hall.
Special Dlsrateh to The Call. •
GRASS VALLEY, Oct. 6.— Rockets, red
fire, a brass band and illuminations called
out the entire population to-night to hear
Governor Gage speak on the issues of the
day. The train bearing the Governor was
waited for impatiently by several hun
dred people, and as It pulled Into the sta
tion amid the booming of cannon and the
fanfare of brass It required several min-'
utcs before the distinguished guest could
get through the crowd. After holding an
Informal reception at the depot, the Gov
ernor was escorted to the residence of
John F. Kldder.
At 7 p. m. the parade, with several hun
dred marchers, was formed at the depot
and marched down to the hall, where the
speaking took place. Unfortunately the
hall was too small and hundreds were
turned away. Dr. S. M. Harris, as chair
man, called the meeting to order and in
troduced the Governor, v
Governor Gage dealt sledge hammer
blows at the fallacious Democratic stand
on Imperialism, militarism, free diver and
trusts.
"We as a people were never inore pros
perous than at the present time, and I
cannot think the American worklngman
will vote himself Into the poorhouse," said
he.
The only known trust, declared the Gov
ernor, was the Ice trust of New York, In
which were Interested most of tho lead
ers of the Democratic party.
Bishop Duncan Is to Ordain Deacons
and Elders at the Sunday
Service.
OAKLAND, Oct. 6.— The Pacific Con-
CONFERENCE ADDRESSED
ON CHXJBCH TAXATION
ference of the Methodist Episcopal Church
South continued this morning, the ses
sion being occupied with reports on the
character of ministers and their work.
Rev. S. B. Dilley was readmitted to the
conference and J. W. .Martin continued In
the first year class. Dr. Harris was
placed in charge of the department of
Japanese missions. Rev. J. N. Beard de
livered an address on the coming confer
ence of the Epworth League.
During the afternoon meeting Dr. F. D.
Bovard s^oke on the taxation of churches.
At to-morrow morning's service Bishop
Duncan will ordain the newly elected dea
cons. In the evening the elders will be
ordained. ; .
San Jose Democratic Bally.
Special Dispatch to Tho Call.
SAN JOSE, Oct. 6.— The Democrats held
a rally at Turn Vereln Hall this evening.
A parade of the First Bryan Club pre
ceded it. James Carson, candidate for
Senator in the Thirtieth district, was
chairman. Franklin K. Lane, City and
County Attorney of San Francisco, was
the principal speaker. He spoke at length
on trusts and Porto Rico and touched
briefly upon the Philippine question. J.
H. Henry, Congressional candidate In this
district, also addressed the meeting. He
positively declared that he stood upon the
Democratic platform, although His oppo
nents insisted on making a platform for
him. There was a good sized crowd In
attendance.
INGENIOUS DEVICE OF POST
OFFICE SUPERINTENDENT
RICHARDSON OF SAN FRAN
CISCO.
Through the efforts of Congressman
Loud; assisted by Postmaster Montague
of this city, the people of San Francisco
will be the first to enjoy the benefit of a
novel andvaluable invention of paniel S.
Richardson, superintendent of the San
Francisco Postofflce, whereby . a certain
check is placed upon negligent collectors
and the depositor of mail matter is en
abled to know at the time he places the
mail in the box the exact hour and min
ute that it will be taken out and the exact
time it will reach the station at the ferry.
Tho work of taking out the old boxes
and putting in the new ones will be begun
in this city to-morrow morning, and after
the 800 new letter boxes shall have been
installed the new device will be put in at
Chicago and Philadelphia, it being the in
tention of the Postofflce Department to
place them in every city In the Union
where letter boxes arp used in the streets.
The outer shell of the indicator, as the
new invention is known, is a casting
which takes the shape and dimensions of
the front of the box to which It Is at
tached. In front it has a glass-covered
slot one by six inches. The time an
nouncements are seen through this slot.
When the letter collector opens the box
to take out the mail matter the indicator
automatically changes the notice in the
glass-covered slot so that it gives the
time for the next visit of the collector.
Special Cable to The Call and New York Her
ald. Copyright. 1900. by the Herald Pub
lishing Company.
LONDON, Oct. 6.— The Hamburg-
American line* steamship Deutschland,
Captain Albers, which -sailed from Ham
burg at 1 o'clock this. afternoon, is ashoro
at Pagensend, six hours' steaming dis
tance from Cuxhaven, on the coast of
Oldenburg.
When the Deutschland left Hamburg
she had 200 first class, 400 second class
and 500 steerage passengers.
She was to stop at Southampton Sun
day morning and take on "400 additional
first class passengers' booked there.
Meets Accident Shortly After
Leaving Her Dock at
Hamburg. •
DEUTSCHLAND
GOES AGROUND
SH0B.T POLITIC All TRUCE.
Democratic Leaders Call on Chairman
Stone at Republican Headquarters.
Hostilities between the rival ' political
hosts were suspended yesterday for the
space of thirty minutes. During the sus
pension M. F. Tarpey, Democratic Na
tional Commltteeman, and J. C. Sims,
chairman of the Democratic State Com
mittee, went to Ihe Palace Hotel and
raid a visit of courtesy to Colonel George
Stone, chairman of the Republican State
Committee. Under the flag of truce var
ious topics were discussed, the climate of
California being the subject of elaborate
consideration. If the Democratic guests
expected a generous flow of champagne
thry must have been disappointed. The
Republican campaign, although earnest
and enthusiastic, is not pustalned with
sufficient mon;y to justity a departure
from beer as a beverage. There is said
to be some doubt whether the Democratic
campaign exchequer will afford ever the
luxury of a steam.
The Republicans' are making extensive
preparations for the meeting of . "flrbt
voters" at Metropolitan Temple next
Tuesday evening. J. M. Mannon Jr. has
been selected to preside at the demonstra
tion. Short addresses will be delivered
by eloquent "twt-nty-onesters." The meet
ing will be un<ter the auspices of the
Union League Club. -
Next Friday evening General Clarke E.
Carr of Illinois will address the people of
San Francisco at Metropolitan Temple.
He will speak under tho auspices of the
Republican State Central Committee.
General Carr is classed as> one of the lead-
In? orators of the United States.
Kugene F. Loud, Republican nominee
for Congress In the Fifth district, and D.
E. McKinlay. will speak at Franklin Hall
in this city on the evening of October 18.
The personal friends of Julius Kahn.
Republican nominee for Congress in the
Fourth district, organized at 415 Market
street last evening. Steps were taken for
a thorough canvass of the district In Mr.
Kahn'a behalf. Thomas R. Bannerman
was elected president and P. J. Kelleher
was chosen secretary. Another meeting
will be held next Friday evening.
Yesterday afternoon there was a joint
meeting of the county committee ap
pointed by the JVnai B'rith Hall Repub
lican Municipal Convention and the cam
paign committee recently appointed by
the Republican County Committee. A con
solldatlon of the two committees was ef
fected and the following officers were
chosen to conduct the campaign:
Maurice L. Asher, chairman: I. J. Asch
heim. vice chairman; Bert Mahoney, sec
retary, and Thomas P. Woodward, treas
urer. The consolidated committee will
meet every afternoon at 4 o'clock at the
headquarters of the Republican County
Committee.
ALAMEDA. Oct. 6.— The Board of
Health Is having framed for presentation
to and passage by the City Trustees an
ordinance which will make it a misde
meanor for any undertaker to handle a
dead body without lirst securing a
certificate from the attending physician
or health oScer suiting the cause of
death. The new regulation is intended to
prevent the destruction of evidence of the
cause of death by the use of embalming
fluids.
Dr. Lubbock. president of the board,
advocates the measure. Recently there
Before Handling the
Bodies.
Must Know Cause of Death
LEGISLATION FOR
THE UNDERTAKERS
OAKLAND, Oct. 6.— A marriage license
was issued late this afternoon to Andrew
D. Pryal and Ruth Ellen Crane. Pryal
is one of Alameda County's first settlers
and is State Horticultural Commissioner
for this district. He is 65 years of age,
while his prospective bride confesses to
but 34.
Mr. Pryal has a family of grown chil
dren, none of whom had heard of their
father's matrimonial intentions until this
evening. Miss E. Pryal was startled to
learn that her father had determined upon
a second embarkation In the matrimonial
seas.
"Father left the house about 9 o'clock
this morning," she said. "He complained
of not being well and said he might not
return until evening. I know the woman
he secured the license to marry. She Is
Mrs. Ruth Crane. All she wants is •my
father's property. She is an unprinci
pled woman and has been designing for
some time to get father In her clutches.
This woman has been the cause of all the
trouble that has disturbed our family
since the death of my mother two years
ago. -
"I do not know whether my father will
bring his wife to the old home to live or
not. If he attempts to do so there will be
a strong protest from me and my brothers
and sisters."
• Since the death of Andrew Pryal's first
wife about two years ago the family has
been in a state of almost constant tur
moil. Battery charges have been settled
in the minor courts and higher tribunals
have been called upon to adjudicate law
suits over 'valuable land. Brother has
been arrayed against brother and father
against son.
The principal fight was over the posses
sion of the beautiful old homestead at
Claremont. "William A. Pryal, the eldest
son, claimed to hold deeds to the property
from his mother, but his father contested
his alleged title and was awarded the old
homestead.
For a time the two sons, "William A. and
Charles 'D.. took' opposite sides on mat
ters of minor importance and their differ
ences culminated in a row in which stove
lids and pieces of cordwood were used.
The warring brothers each had the other
arrested, and Justice Qulnn, as mediator,
fined them heavily.
The new turn of affairs— the bringing of
a young stepmother on the scene — adds
new complications and further litigation
will probably cause the aged pioneer and
his young bride many anxious hours.
MARRIAGE LICENSE
MAY CAUSE ROW
Andrew D. Pryal Seeks a
Young Wife for His
Old Age.
tion in This City.
NOVEL LETTER
BOX INVENTION
It Will Be Put Into Opera-
was a clash between the Board of Health
and an Oakland physician because of the
latter's failure to report a case of diph
theria, the sufferer from which subse
quently died. Health Officer Stldham took
portions of the membrane of the throat
of the deceased to have them examined
by City Bacteriologist Dr. "\V. W. Stevens.
Dr. Stevens reported that the disease
perms had been destroyed by embalming
fluid. The' Board of Health was compelled
to abandon the threatened prosecution of
tho Oakland doctor.
This ca«e was similar to one In Oakland
recently, where the evidences of poisoning
in a man's body were destroyed by the
introduction nf embalming fluid into It.
THE Shrlner steamer Zealandla,
which on the 11th inst. will call
for the Hawaiian Islands with a
. « .1. i.. »
large number of the nobles of
Islam Temple of the Ancient
Arabic Order of the Mystic Shrine, and
who are "11 eolng- on a thirty-dav pil-
crimage accompanied bv many of* their
S3S£ of the fairer sex. was opened to
inspection last r.'.ght from S to 11 o'clock.
Nearly a thousand ladle? and gentlemen
accepted the invitation of the committee
ct irrinecme-it<= to view the ve^el that
?^fS^S*J^h?m?toVmotS2
js> «o be the Shi Iners home for a month.
Those who l;ad swn her prior to her re-
fitting for this special occasion could
hardly recognize the vessel. The emblem
of the order tne wlrnetar crescent and
•=tar i- n-L«rtfd in red on the bow and the
1 J^AVr^ «if^« t^A f»«n^i «hmi« «n
raise emblem adonis the funnel, while on
the after quarter is a painting 1 of the
Shrlners' pet camel crossing the hot
sands. Lan ni Bht the ship was brilliantly
nil.«,!...,i i T.-4M, M ,1,.,. _.i,(u
Illuminated wLh electric 1 ghts, while
lrom stem to stern were strings of red,
white, blue and yellow- lights, givini? a
sala appearance, which was heightened
by th»- display of richly dressed ladies,
who with thoir escorts examined the ves-
«!> The upper deck, over which was
spread a canopy, was crowded with those
who wished to enjoy the music of an or-
chp;-"tra stationed in the after part of the
Pte?mcr ' During the evening the com-
pany was favOred with vocal selections
by the Concordia quartet.
At 10:30 o'clock the potentate of the
shrine, Reuben P. Hurlbut, was escorted
to tne afler P3*1 of the promenade deck,
where Noble A. F. Gunn. treasurer of the
co!ninlttee of arrangements, in a neat
fpeech Introduced him to the audience and
after relating in laudatory words what the
potentate had done to make the pllerlm
£fV^-nV^KJ^n h»i^f°£ i?i 'L?™
be, presented him on behalf of his many
frie£, g wlth a token of recognition of his
services. It is In the form of a Shriner's
Jewel, costing J500. The scimetar of gold
Is studded with rubles, sapphires and dia
monds, each having its mystic significance
gafholAfSe tTSr ckfws* which rKthi
crescent j s a moonstone, while from the
base of the keystone is a five-pointed
star, pendant, in the center of which there
is a magnificent solitaire.
The recipient in a modest speech
thanked Noble Gunn. the members of the
committee and friends for the magnificent
token, and expressed the hope that all
on board who were not going on the trip
would go to the wharf on Thursday night
to say "Au revoir but not good-by," and
wish the Shriners a safe journey and a
safe return.
EHRINERS LOADING SHIPS OF THE DESERT PREPARATORY TO EMBARKING ON THE GOOD SHIP ZEA
LAXDIA FOR THEIR PILGRIMAGE TO THE HAWAIIAN* ISLANDS. THE STEAMER WAS THE SCENE LAST
NIGHT OF AN' INTERESTING RECEPTION.
Jud R. Rush and John J. Barrett Denounce Im-
perialism at the Metropolitan Temple Meeting.
there and conquer them. We bought a full
rrown war for J2O.00O.00O and have spent J200.-
COO.OOO more and have a bigger war now than
we bought.
The man who takes our flag and makes of It
the- emblem of enforced government, of tho
divine right of the ruler, has already pulled it
down.
If there ever was a time when a people
fought for a cause that was Just, this is th<»
time and this is the people. With a cause that
Is Just, with a leader of whom we are proud,
there are not Mark Hannas enough this side of
the realms of his Satanic majesty to stop our
triumphant march to victory.
You say we must conquer them because we
bought them. There can be no sale without a
delivery. Spain sold us only the right to go
Filipinos for their own good. There never was
a tyrant who robbed an Innocent people but
who did It for their own good. We can give to
China a -better government than it has, so we
must conauer China also, must we?
It is said we must conquer the Philippines to
build up a commerce. Let me tell you. you
have already spent more trying to conquer
them than you can make out of their com
merce In a century- Besides, I would not give
the life of one proud son of an American
You say the world Is moving: we must con
front new conditions. Yes, my Republican
friends, but "have you forgotten that the fires
of liberty burn brightly on the hearths of the
American people. You 'say we must rule the
You want to increase the t>tanding army. We
have spent eighteen years of our short national
life In warfare. Let us cut down our army
bill and pave our earnings for the school house,
the library and tHt home.
Our fathers taught us that government de
rives Its Just power from the consent of the
governed. The administration says It derives
Its power from the conrent of the governor. It
has established taxation without representa
tion. The soldiers of the United States are to
night encamped on five foreign lands.
My Republican friends say this Is not impe
rialism, it Is expansion. Do you desire to
make States out of the Philippine Islands? Do
you intend to make its people citizens? They
must be citizens or subjects; which do you
Intend to make of them?
An issue is a paramount one. not because a
jlatfoini calls It go. but because events make
It paramount: because the destiny of the coun
try is bound up with It.- If I stood alone with
the destiny of my country in my hand, what
above all else should I do for Its welfare? The
Declaration of Independence is the substratum
on which the constitution rests. Shall we now
abandon its principles and Join hands with
dcciK>ts like that from which we severed our
selves a century and a quarter ago?
Imperialism as it confronts us Is a simple
thins. Government by force, enforced citizen
ship Is a primal factor.' The policy this coun
try is asked to adopt Is to reach out 8000 miles
beyond the outermost rim of our old territory,
to extend our domain down Into a country
where men of our own race may not go; to
make that people subjects and vassals of the
United States. That Is Imperialism If there
is such a thins as imperialism in the politics
of the world.
A number of campaign pictures were
thrown. on a screen during an Intermis
sion and then Jud R. Rush was Intro
duced. He spoke in part as follows:
Ladles and Gentlemen: I have a message to
deliver from the people of the sunny southland.
On election day we Intend to give you a sur
prise. We fully expect that In that land of
oranges, one-lungers and Republicans we will
eliminate a larger part of the latter.
The people of this country are confronted
with a new political issue. It is not a new
question. There have ever been those who at
tempted to rule over their fellows; there have
ever been those who held that government Is by
the people and for the people.
When must we call home our armies? When
must this stream of wealth cease? What right
have we in the Philippines? My Republican
friend says, "We have become a world power."
1 grant you we are strong enough to wipe out
the Philippines. But. I ask you. what right
have we to be there? There never yet was
a nation strong enough to dare to be wrong,
and we do not dare to be wrong.
You have reached the parting of the ways.
Under which flag will you serve, Bryan's or
Mark Hannahs?
For more than two centuries the people of the
Philippines had struggled intermittently to
throw off the yoke of Spain. Whether or not
Wfl became legally the allies of the Insurgents
w» were morally so. Every shot fired bjr a
Filipino was fired at an enemy of the United
States and In Its behalf. When the United
States had conquered Spain It had the right
to demand Indemnity for the lives of" soldiers
killed in battle. Did our great Republican ad
ministration do so? No. it paid J2O.0OO.00O for
Spain's lost territories. You heard no more
then of criminal agprresslon. You heard no
more of governments deriving their Just powers
from the consent of the governed.
My brother, deny liberty to the Filipinos and
just as certain as Abraham Lincoln spoke the
truth, you will deserve It not for yourselves.
After a song by the Columbia Quartet
and an encore the chairman introduced
John J. Barrett, who spoke in part aa
follows:
Are we to leave our glorious destiny for
that Dointed out by Hanna? I think there la
enough manhood left in America to oveftom*
tho tendencies to Imperialism and elect Wil
liam J. Bryan, the apostle of equal rights.
We are told by Mr. Hanna that th« only Is
sue of the campaign Is whether the worktnK
men 'shall have a full dinner pail, and we are
laughed at because we eay there is a higher
question before American laborers. Either our
revolutionary sires were wrong or else the Mc-
Xlr.ley administration and Mr. Mark Hanna
are wrong to-day. Those sires of whom we are
so proud refused to submit to taxation with
out representation for sake of the principle in
volved. Shall we become the embodiment of
that principle that we fought against then?
Those who remained throughout the
meeting, however, were well pleased, for
Mr. Rush has a rough and ready Popu
listic style of oratory that suited them.
He talked politics with *the earnestness
and vehemence of a revivalist at a camp
meeting and those who liked his style
liked it intensely.
Frank H. Gould introduced Francis J.
Heney as chairman of the evening. Mr.
Heney spoke briefly as follows:
JUD R. RUSH of Los Angeles and
John J. Barrett entertained a Dem
ocratic audience for three hours at
Metropolitan Temple last night.
The hall was filled when young Mr.
Barrett began, but at 11 o'clock, when
Mr. Rush finished his address, a goo'l
third of the seats were empty.
The San Francisco Labor Council has
in view the extension of a State federa
tion. To arrange the preliminaries of thi3
organization the following committee wa.»
appointed: XV. MacArthur. August Iten.
A. R. Andre. R. S. "Wlster. B. "W. Smith,
A. DIJeau and A. Zant.
To Extend Labor Federation.
DEMOCRATIC ORATORS
SPEAK FOR BRYANISM
Oakland Office San Francisco Call.
111S Broadway, Oct. 6.
The Republican County Committee met
this afternoon at the headquarters on
Broadway and arranged a series of twen
ty-three meetings to be held in the towns
of Alameda County before the end of the
campaign. In addition to these at least
four meetings to be arranged In the fu
ture will take place In districts as yet un
provided for. Besides to-night's rally two
other meetings will be held In Oakland,
one on the evening of October 20, the
other on November 3. At the last Gover
nor Gage will be present. The complete
programme of speakers for the county
campaign will not be known until the
State Central Committee is heard from.
The list of meetings arranged for Is as
follows:
West Berkeley. October 13.
Dlmond, October 15.
Golden Gate. October 16.
Elmhurst, October 17.
Frultvale, October 18.
Temescal, October 19.
Oakland, October 20.
San Leandro. October 12.
Ban Lorenzo. October 23.
Irvlnetcn, October 24.
East Oakland. October 24.
Alvarado. October 25.
Alameda, October 25.
Newark. October 26.
Haywards. October 27.
Mission San Jose, October 29.
Centervi'.le. October 30.
Nlles, October 31.
Sunol, November 1.
Pleasar.ton, November 2.
Klvermore, November 3.
Oakland, November 2.
Vice Chairman W. W. Morrison presided
at to-day'3 meeting, in the absence of
Chairman Breed. The other committee
men present were LanjUree, Glover, ±tiley.
Mock, Daniels. Hcmpstead, Pierce, Row
ell and Crowell. A short executive session
was held, in which the matter of finances
was discussed. It was decided to levy
assessments on all candidates, whether
legislative or county.
Chairman Breed has arranged a revised
list of sub-committees, on which five
changes appear. J. B. Lanktree becomes
chairman of the auditing committee In
place of Theodore F. Mock, who takes
RJley'a place in the exf^utive committee.
\V. "W. Morrison Is appointed to the ways
and means committee, vice Lanktree. A.
L. Smith becomes a member of the audit
ing committee and IT. J. Hempstead of
the printing committee, Clarence Crowell
being displaced in each case. The sub
committees as finally determined on are
as follows:
Ways and means — G. B. Daniels, chairman:
A. L. Smith, Dr. H. N. Rowell, George Wales.
W. W. Morrison, Theodore F. Mock, S. M.
Wyckoff.
Auditing— H. E. Bruner. A. L.. Smith.
Arrangements — W. "W. Morrison, chairman:
II. T. Hemijstead. I>. J. Toffelmeler, S. N.
WyckofT, George Wales.
Executive— Oeorge Randolph, chairman; J. F.
Glover. Qeorjce Pierce, Dr. H. N. Itowell; Theo
dore F. Mock.
Printlnc — J. F. Glover, chairman; Thomas
Knox, H. T. IlemDstead.
The County Committee adjourned to
meet next Tuesday night.
The Congressional committee of the
Third District effected a permanent or
ganization at a meeting held this after
noon at the headquarters of the National
Concessional Committee, 1004 Broadway.
There were present: John Bringham Jr. of
Contra Costa, W. L. Crooks of Solano.
Colonel George Babcock and Rod AV.
Church. The other members were repre
sented by proxies.
The followinp officers were elected:
Chairman. Emil Nusbaumer; vice chair
man. Colonel Georsre Bnbcock: secretary
and treasurer. Rod "W. Church. The
chairman was Instructed to appoint a
campaign committee of (lye.
Active Canvass of Alameda
County Arranged For by
Republicans.
MEETINGS ARE SET
FOR EVERY NIGHT
TILE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, OCTOBER 7, 1900. C
Big Gathering on the Brilliantly Lighted Vessel.
Presentation to Potentate R. P. Hurlbut.
SHRINERS AND LADIES
VISIT THE ZEALANDIA
JUD R. RUSH OF LOS ANGELES IN VIGOROUS DENUNCIATION' OP
MARK HANNA AND IMPERIALISM AT THE DEMOCRATIC RALLY
AT METROPOLITAN TEMPLE LAST NIGHT.
25
gjlASPMONEy^
715 Market St. S.F. I Shattuek Av, Perkeler
Pth & Was'h'n, Oak I Central Ave, Alameda
7th & Wood, Oak. I 59 1st Street. San Jose.
Best Granulated Sugar
1 7 pOUnds < I . OO
Royal Savon Soap
Fell weight bars. O i*,.- _ __
Quality equal to <> ™* 2^C
Babbitt's.
Extra Soda Crackers
KS. 10 pound box 35c
Costa Rica Coffee
Rich in strength and T>n « r , r 1 orv>
flavor. Reg. 2->c. ptmnu 2OC
Uncolored Japan Tea
Fancy Spider Leg.
Kstaral tea leaves. nnvtnA irr>
Ecgnlar 50o. pOUnd 35C
Cocoanut Taffys pound nc
Home baked style. Lsually20c
Preserved Ginger in
&u£aW. Fancy Jars 15c
Old Tom Gin bottle 70c
London Dock brand. Reg. 92c
1870 Naglee Brand}'
The famous V»«ff1<» <5t to
White Label. DOttie? I. IO
Aged and matured for S) years.
Regular $1 .50.
Guinness's Porter
Hall's bottling. Ar\rt*rt £t rr»
uetiaiiy ts.ou dozen
Belfast Ginger Ale
Genuine imported. Iv-it-f1<» T/ -»«
Re*. SLM dozen. DOttie IOC
"Gilka" Kiimmel
Original brand. lw»ff1 A tf T
Reg. «L25. DOttie #1.00
Angostura Bitters 6oc
C. W: Abbott's. Regular 63c
Cabernet Wine 3693 vintage.
Los Cerritos «ol1^^i A m
Vineyard. gallon D5C
Extra £ae table wine. Very dry.
Regular J1.0J. ; ,: .¦ , ;
Yellowstone Whisky
Beg. vuia. gallon $2. 75
ADVERTISEMENTS.
.*$p||^^ Prof. Jules iiaborde' s Marvelous
M^^&^^^ French Preparation of
Pill For Lost Manhood.
k -i6ir*L u " ** Days' Treatment
By Sealed Mai!.
||g C.O.D.OR DEPOSIT SCHEME.
Every person who Is a sufferer from nervous shrunken part3. This spectfile remedy ¦will
diseases should write the Von Mohl Co., Cin- cure you at any stage before epilepsy results,
cinnati, Ohio, at onco, and accept their offer with ensuing consumption aad insanity. Cal-
ot a 11 ve days* trial treatment free of charge, thos" goes directly to the seat of the trouble.
This is no O. O. D. or DEPOSIT scheme but a no matter of bow Ion? standing, and the pa-
liberal proposition made to unfortunate suf- tlent feels the benefit of the first day 3 trcat-
rercrr, by this lonjt-establlshpd concern, which ment. In five days the medicines sent free
Is the largestimporter of specifics for nervous will make yon feel like a new man.
and sexual disease* In the world. The Von Mohl Co. often receives the mort
The Von Mohl Od has the sole American P^^^J^^P^^J^tSf^^Thev
vlnJedm^dloaf SSSSetoRrSfpSlthSS r h °ET e *f ?^ySKSF m^led'and
cure nervous debility. This remedytas for J°?,£S ea , fe% u^ y *u£n^£bft^medfcal
years been used as a specific In the French "P^J? ,£in 7 twhK»nt fthetr
and German armies. anTsince Its introduc- ? cl ¥S5 r fv ttnd ,J r ?S l f^Vh^lnes^ l?osen!
tion into the United States has cured many la »* hope for health and happiness. £o» en r
thousands of sufferers, and the remarkable slble person will penalt hi* na^m«m
success of the remedy In Europe has been re- for a ¥«ttoon!al as an admis «{«» ««£*• »*j
Deated In this country *~ . any of the diseases for which the preparation
peaueoin tms country. ; of "Calthos" Is a specific cure. Some lrre-
In order to place this wonderful treatment auonsible advertisers are using **made-up**
In the hanos of every person who suffers the testimonials, but tfcaJfonMohl Co. invarla-
mentol and phTjicaf anguish of sexual weak- m 7 declines to make public the names or cor-
ness, The Von Mohl Co., has decided to send a reaixradence of any patients who hare been
free trial treatment to all who write at once, cured by "CalthosO'
The remedy Is sent by mail in a plain pack- Five davs' treatment will be placed In your
age, and there is no publicity In receiving it or hands free of cost, and you are earnestly
taking It. Accompanying? the medicine there n rced for your own sake to send for It wlth-
ls a full treatise In plain lanjruage for you to ou | delay. Write to day and send your art-
read. Take the medicine privately with per- dress. It la not necessary to give embarrasa-
fect safety, and a sure cure Is guaranteed. i ax details of your sympton*. The book ac-
Lost vitality creeps trnon men unawares, companylngr the five days' treatment, will en-
Do not deceive yourself or remain In Igno- able you to take the medicine In prfTato and
ranee while you are being dragged down by treat yourself successfully at home. It costs
this insidious disease. No matter what the nothing to try this remedy. Itmaycostyou
cause may be, whether early abuses, excesses a neaWed. more jtoletthls offerjrp by. w -tie
or overwork and business cares, the results today. Address THB VONMOffL CO. =31 B.
are the same-premature loss ot strength and CINCINNATI. OHIO. Largest J mporters ot
memory, emissions, Impoteacy.vaxlcooele and Standard Preparations In the United State*etngins, recitations and games, aftar
which supper was served. Amone those
Mo" rol ' Ml3a BT * Torre - aD3s Maui «
Miss I* Worth, the Misses Berry, Mrs.
E. Young Mrs. T. A. Vojel. W. Young.
H 'M Y0 T Une \ T M £ Larrlmer. Mr.
a r;« r ' 6 * r> Sava ?«. W. Lamont.
B n r ,r&WoVt^ e ;^ el BrO^' Dr 
_A most enjoyable birthday party was
given to Roy. Monroe on Thursday after
noon, October 4. at his residence 612 Fran
cisco street. The afternoon was spent In
A party was given to "Walter H. Young
by his mother at her home, 413 Shrader
street," Monday evening, October 1. Dane
ing -was enjoyed until a late hour, when
a dainty supper was served. Those pres
ent were: Miss . M. Greenham, Mrs. i W.
Schranz, the Misses Clark, Miss B. I^ampe,
Miss F. Gohler, Miss N. Boardman, Miss
L. Brownson, Miss L. Brown, Miss N.
Murphy, Miss C. Fuller. Miss M. Craig,
Manning: of Grass Valley. After congratu
lations Mrs. Coddington presented to Mrs.
Tillman a set of silver teaspoons and Mrs.
Lena B. Mills presented her a stiver sugar
spoon as reminders of the pleasant' visit.
The • visitors then emptied baskets ' they
had brought with them and spread a dain
ty; collation, which was rartaken of, af
ter which there was an evenin* of music,
song and Jollity.
paqp^IIE past week has been an unusu-
Jally qu!ft one In social circles, a
• not unusual thing after a period
of great festivities, as was the
preceding week.
From now until the beginning of No
vember, when the season will be formally
opened, society will be gay by fits and
starts.
The weddir.g of Miss Alysse Latham,
daughter of Mr. and Mrs. F. B. Latham,
and Wya.tt H. Allen, son of Mr. and Mrs.
Henry F. Allen, took place at the Epis
copal chapel at Ross Vai.ey on Wednes
day, October 3. The ceremony was per
formed at 3 o'clock by the Right Rc-v
Kishop F. Nichols. The maid of honor
was Mips Frances Allen, the groom's sis
icr, and Allen Kittle was the best man.
Immediately after the ceremony the
Kuests were conveyed by a special train
to Pan Anselmo, where a reception was
held at the heme of the bride's parent*.
Mr. ai:d Mrs. Allen after an extended tour
throuch the East will make their home m
this city.
The engagement is announced of Miss
Polly Dur.n. daughter of James Dunn, to
Harry Maefarlane of Honolulu.
The engagement has been announced
of Miss Frances Baldwin to Sneffield S.
Sanborn of Oakland.
Mies Lucy Mofntt recently gave a
luncheon at her home on Webster street,
Oakland. In honor of Miss Anna Clay,
whose marriage to Harden Crawford of
New York is to take place on October 17.
Others at tab]e were Mrs. Harrison Clay,
Mrs. Robert Lo<? Stephenson. Mrs. Mar
paret Sinclair. Miss Ida Bell Palmer. Miss
Ethel KIttn dge. Mrs. Henry Xichols, the
Mr. and Mrs. Henry L. Kohn gave a
dinner on Sunday, September 16. at their
residence. 633 Geary street, in honor of
Dr. and Mrs. B. M. Lantenbaugh of Salt
Lake City and Captain and Mrs. P. Tay
lor of Fresno. The decorations of the ta
ble and the parlors were of La France
roses and smilax. After more than two
Home Gatherings.
Mrs. Rose Dolan. widow of the late W.
B. Dolan, and C. Herrmann, a prominent
Eastern mining man, were quietly mar
ried at the brides home ;it 1329 Waller
street. Rev. Mr. White cificiating.
T. B. Pratt and .virs. Kannie Howard
were married on Sunday, September 30, at
7 o'clock p. rn. by Justice Frank Kernsran.
Those who were present at the wedding
were: Mr. and Mrs. Henry Johannisen,
Mr. and Mrs. Henry Christian, Mr. and
Mrs. John Kitchen, Mr. and Mrs. Louis
Hinman, Mr. and Mrs. F. G. Doran, Mr
and Mrs. H. Anderson, Mrs. Rudie Nor
densen, Walter Madi-on, Misses Mary
and Lena Heine, Miss Kor.a Schneider,
Miss LUlle Morgan, Miss Aggie Ahern.
Miss Minerva Huniinston. ihe happy
couple are going to spend their honey
moon in Los Angeles and then return to
their home in Crockett.
William A. lierry of Shawnee. Okla
homa, and Miss Dagmar Wallas of this
city were united in marriage at the home
Ot Mr. Mitchell on Second street Sundav
afternoon, September 1C, Rev. 11. L. A*
£ick of the Episcopalian church of
ficiating A number of the imme
diate triends of the contracting parties
were present. Mr. Berry is a well-known
traveling man of Shawnee and his bride is
a handsome and accomplished young lady
Walter R. Pease and Miss Stella Theo
dora Lauterwasser were married on
Wednesday evening at the home of the
bnde s mother, Mrs. M. E. Lauter\va«ser
925 Capp street. Rev. Mr. Gibson per
xormed the ceremony, at the conclusion
ot which Miss A. Rooney sang "Call Me
Thine Own." Miss Stella Thomson, a
niece of the bride, officiated as maid of
honor. Frank Pease acted as best man.
The bride wore a handsome gown of white
silk. A veil and orange blossoms com
pleted her costume. Mr. and Mrs. Pea.*e
will spend their ..oneymoon in Southern
California, and upon their return they
will go to housekeeping at 1605 Valencia
street, where Mr. Pease has prepared a
pretty new flat for his bride.
Charles Darling cf Portland, Oregon,
ana Miss Susie Hoffman of this city, were
married in the parlors of Mrs. Dr.' Louise
S. Drew, 14 Supreme Court building, on
Tuesday evening, September 23. Follow
ing the ceremony Mrs. D. Drew gave sev
eral recitations which were very much
enjoyed. Vocal and Instrumental music
was rendered by Mrs. A. Severance. Mr*
Blair, Miss Prentice, Mr. Jacobs and Mr.
Warren. Refreshments were served and
dancing was indulged in until the wee
email hours. The bride and groom wen'
the recipients of many handsome as well
as useful present?. Among the guests
who were present wore: Dr. Welch, Mr*.
Maguire. Dr. Freeman. Mrs. French Mrs
Blair. Mrs. Cogswell, Mrs. Mahoney. Mrs
Judge Hosmer. Mr. and Mrs. Dygert. Mr
and Mrs. Cowell, Mrs. Place. Miss Daisy
Place, Miss Amy Rowyan, Miss Prentice
S. B. Clark. Mr. Duden. G. H. Ewing,
Miss K. Breen. Mr. and Mrs. Moser, Mr.->
E. C. Griffln. Mrs. E. E. Clicr. II. Hoff
man, Mr. and Mrs. E. L. Jenkins, Mrs. H.
Plughoff, A. Plughoff. Mrs. Weber, Miss
Georgia Weber, Mrs. GofT. Miss Lottie
Goff, Mrs. Edna Goff, R. F. Lange, Mrs
Severance, Miss A. Severance. Mrs
Prahl. Mrs. Dr. Treadwell. Mrs. E. Xich
ols, S. Warren. Mrs. S. M. Roy. Mrs. B
Kaskell. Mrs. G. Kaskell. Miss Elsie Mor
ris, Mrs. M. Armer, X. Jacobs, Mrs E
Armstrong. Mrs. Kansche. John Kansche
Mr. and Mrs. Allen of Vallejo. Dr. Isabel
Hocking of Colfax, Cal.. Alfred Hocking
from Cape Nome, Alaska, Charles Stacy
of Mt. Shasta.
Wedding Bells.
fctra. Frances E. Wilder of Kyron an
nounces the engagement of her daughter,
Susan Tanuen, to Augustus Aiex.son. The
bride to be i* a granddaughter of George
and Tamzen Doiuier of the famous "Don
ner party." Mr. Alexson belongs to Com
pany I>, National Guards of Modesto. The
wedding Is get for the 24th of this month.
Mr. and Mrs. Alexander Schwartz an
nounce the engagement of their daughter
Minnie to Leon A. Goldstein. They will
receive at the residence of her sister,
Mrs. II. Bush, 1026 Ellis street, Sunday,
October 14, 2 to 5 p. m.
The engagement of Miss Lulu Dobbins
to George P. Akcrly Is announced. Miss
Dobbins is a daughter of A. J. Dobbins,
an attorney of Vacaville. and a grand
daughter of Dr. \V. J. Dobbins, a v.ell
kt own fruit grower of Solano County.
Mr. Akerly Is a prominent merchant of
Vacaville and a son of the late Rev. Dr.
Akerly, the veteran Episcopal clergyman
of Oakland. .
The engagement is announced of Miss
Bella Schoenholz to Sam Michaelis of
Magdalena, N. Mex. At home at 1315
Eius street to-day.
Mr. and Mrs. Alexander Schwartz an
nounce the engagement of their daughter
Minnie to Leon A. Goldstein. They will
receive at the home of Mrs. H. Busa, 1025
Ellis street, Sunday, October 14, 2 to 5
p. m.
The engagement reception of Miss Rae
Gross and Charles J. Mund will be held
Sunday afternoon. October 7, between 2
and 5 o'clock, at 2XZ Pine street.
They're Engaged.
The engagement i3 announced of Miss
Ida Solomon of Chicago to Dr. . Louis
Gross cf this city.
Misses Jean and Florence Hush and Miss
Jane Hawlinga.
On the evening of September 13 th© fol
lowing entertainment was given under the
direction of Mrs. M. C, McTigue at her
residence, 315C Mission street: Piano duet,
"Mardi Gras Quadrille" (Schubert), Alma
Bokee and Mary JEv lnnard - "Cinderella"—
Mary Kinnard, Alma Bokie. Margaret
Sheehan, May Eaglebert, Ethel Brown,
Olivia Windrow, Kate Englebert, <. Made
line Rutledge. Swng, Ethel Brown; piano
solo, "La Boheifie Polka . (Rubinstein),
Alma Bokee; song, "Tenting To-night,"
John Sheehan, Eddie Linn, Dave Flana
gan, Joe Englebert, Eddie Sheehan, Will
Farley, Dan Sheehan, Guy Ashley, Willie
Kinnard, George Tilton; piano solo, "Nar
cissus" (Nevln), Mary Kinnard. "Sleeping
Beauty"— Hazel Frost, A. Windrow, K.
Englebert, A. Bokee, M. Rutledge. M.
Kinnard, Mary Sheehan, M. Englebert.
Cakewalk, Edna Fisher and Madeline
Rutledge.
A surprise party was given recently to
Michael Woods by his mother and father
at their residence at 627 Union street.
Those present were: G. Woods, Miss Fan
nie Woods, Miss Minnie Woods, Joseph
Peterson, Benjamin Deeres, Mrs. Benjamin
Deeres, Miss Lena Rincon, Mrs. Rincon,
Fred Rincon. Mr. and Mrs. James Parodi,
Miss Bella Mavaretter, Bob Bosques,
Miss Annie Carmell, Michael Chaves, John
McKenna. Miss Camilla Cuvreau, Mrs.
Cuvreau, Mr. and Mrs. Balderamos, Mr.
ajid Mrs. M. Balderamos, Michael Tapete,
Mrs. A. S. Malone,' William Canderkay,
Mr. and Mrs. Spaghette, William George,
Louis Lutzen, E. Brand, F. A. Patina,
R. Sebrean. M. Seppedar and friends, Joe
Merrimontes. Paul Codau. E. Fetteres.
Mr. and Mrs. Krebs gave a very enjoy
able party at their residence, 1705 Scott
street, Tuesday evening, in honor of their
tin wedding.- Those present were: Mr.
and Mrs. Buchlne. Mr. and Mrs. Schulz,
Mr. and Mrs. Peters, Mr. and Mrs. Ben-
Bon. Mrs. Petera, Misses Martha BuchinR,
Frieda and Lulu Schulz, H. Buchlng and
Rudolph Krebs. -¦ ;¦¦•';-.- -
On the «venlne of October 3 a few of
the prominent Native Daughters paid a
surprise visit to Mrs. Mary E. Tillman,
past grand president, at her home, 2939
Folsom street, to congratulate her on the
twenty-fifth anniversary of her weddinsf.
There were in the party Ema Gett
grand president: Mrs. Lena HiiKe Mills,
past grand president; Mrs.' Lena B. Mills
past grand marshal: Eliza D. Kleth. past
grand treasurer: Mrs. Agues Lundstedt
district deputy grand president: Mrs. Llz
zle McKay, MrB.'Josephine Coddington.
Mrs. Mary Meyers, Mrs. Minnie Guzen
dorfer, Mrs. Sara Osterman and Miss
Last Thursday a most enjoyable au
tumn luncheon was given by Mrs. Or
vllle B. Caldwell at her r.»sidence, 5S02
Adeline street, .Oakland, to the ladies of
the newly reorganized Informal Lunch
Club. The affair was distinctively au
tumnal in all its appointments and deco
rations, the color scheme being yellow and
green. The flowers used were yellow
abutilon and the spacious dining-room was
adorned with quantities of gayly tinted
autumn leaves. A corsage bouquet of
carnations and maiden-hair fern w«.a
placed at each lady's plate. The club will
give Its first annual banquet this month,
at which the gentlemen will be the guests
and for which elaborate preparations are
being made. Those present at the lunch
eon were: Mrs. James Ellison, Mrs. M.
Case, Mrs. E. J. Crowell, Mrs. G. Moullin.
Mrs. C J. Lancaster. Mrs. J. Huber and
Mrs. O. B. Caldwelt.
A most delightful wedding reception
was tendered to Mr. and Mrs. Rollin Gar
ileld Eckis at the residence of Mrs. Nettie
Laymanee, the bride's mother, ISO Eighth
street, Oakland, Wednesday evening, Sep
tember 26, upon the return of tho bridal
couple from the. Hotel del Monte, where
they spent a week of their honeymoon.
Mr. and Mrs. Eckis received the con
gratulations and well wishes of their
many friends,- seated 'ncath a canopy of
green In the Inrfro round window. A well
selected programme was prepared for the?
entertainment of the guests and among
those who contributed wero: Mrs. Blake-
Aiverson, vocal solos; Miss Blanche Bea
zell, piano solo; Mr. C. H. Pollard, vocal
fiolo; Miss Beazell. original recitations;
Mrs. Oscar Ellinghouse, vocal solo, and
Miss Etta Pollard, instrumental solo.
Refreshments were served in the beauti
ful dining hall, which was decorated in
White and groen, after which dancing was
enjoyed. The guests present were: Mr.
and Mrs. C L. Schmltt. San Francisco;
Mr. and Mrs. Oscar KlIInBhouse. San
Francisco: Mr. and Mrs. M. W. Backus,
Mr. and Mrs. Orrin Kip McMurray, Mr.
and Mrs. J. B. Paris, Mr. and Mrs. John
Lloyd, Frultvale; Mr. and Mrs. C. A.
Tyrrell, Mr. and Mrs. I. H. Tuttle, Wat
sonville; Mr. and Mrs., Rollin G. Eckis.
Mrs. Blake-Alverson, Sirs. Ed Kaeser,
Mrs. Beazell, Mrs. Jerry Tyrrel, Mrs.
Inza Shaner, Mrs. G. Tyrrel. Mrs. Nettle
Laymanee. the Misses Beazell, Miss
Gertrude Williams, Miss Mao Donahoo,
Fresno; Miss Laura Bausman, Miss Ber
tha von Glan. Miss Florence Uglow, Miss
Helene Benson. Miss Evelyn Hore, Ala
meda. Miss Etta Pollard, I. S. Van
Winkle, San Francisco: W. Augustus
Knapp. Kan Francisco; Goodbar Backus,
Anthony Kaeser, Mr. Garren, Edward F.
HUghes, Arthur S. Hore, Alameda: Harry
Tyrrel, Frank H. Pollard, C. H. Pollard,
Master Valentine Tyrrel. •
A pleasant birthday and surprise party
¦was tendered to Miss Lulu Rawson at her
residence, SIS Bush street, on Friday even
ing last. Dancing, singing, music and
games were enjoyed till a late hour, when
supper was served. Those present were:
Mrs. G. C. Rawson. Mrs. E. W. Reinecke,
Mrs. P. Johnson, Miss Regina Nathanson,
Miss M. Harker. Mrs. Van Vackter, Miss
Fiesta Rawson, Miss Eva Heltrich. Miss
Emily Rfint'cke, Miss Beatrice Tevis.Misa
Emily Johnson. E. W. Reinecke, A. E. Na
thanson. George Barrows, Z. P. Smith.
Walter Eustace, C. E. Culberson, T. Da
vies, E. Fair, Edwin Aldeson. Leonard
Rawson, Arthur Johnson and Russell Al
derson.
An enjoyable farewell party was ten
dered last Friday evening in honor of Miss
Irene Russell at the residence of her aunt,
Mrs. J. Russell, 2S0S Folsom street. Miss
Russell departed Saturday for her homo
in Iowa after spending several months in
visiting the principal resorts of Califor
nia. The following were among the
guests: Mrs. J. Smith. Mrs. L. M. Rus
sell, Mrs. R. Russ, Miss D. Ratto, Miss-
May Russell. Mrs. Podesta, Miss D. E.
Doyle. Miss "Edith McCarroll. Mrs. Ratto.
Mrs. Russell, Miss L.zzle Sullivan. Mis.
Giusto, Miss Mamie Sullivan, Miss Suli
na Ratto. Miss Irene Russell.
A pleasant party was given by Charles
J. Bennett at his residence, 2771 Twenty
fourth street, on the evening of Septem
ber 29. Among those present were: Miss
Lulu Klopper, Miss Mamie Klopper, Miss
Mae Cohain, Miss Anna Hayes, Miss Xora
Shaw, Miss Mae Bennett. Miss Kend
strom, Miss Hamilton, Charles Hamraar
lind, Arthur Hextrum, Andrew Dowe,
Maurice Madison, Henry Wagner, James
Wagner, Charles J. Bennett, Mr. and Mrs.
Axel Anderson and Mr. and < Mrs. C. G.
Bennett.
On Saturday evening, September 23, a
number of young people gave Miss Daisy
Schmidt *f 1910 Filbert street a very pleas
ant surprise party. Refreshments were
served at 11:30 and merry-making contin
ued until the dawn of day. Those present
were: Mr. ahd Mrs. H. Schmidt. Mrs*.
\» ime, Mrs. S. Whitten. Mrs. C. Potter.
Miss Stewart, Miss Ethel Potter, Miss
Hazel Ford, Miss Daity Schmidt. Miss
Etia Crawford, Miss Laura Cantus the
Misses M. and C. Sproul, Miss White.
Miss Darnaby, Miss M. Whitten. Miss Ida
Lathrop, Miss Matilda Schmidt, Miss I.
Leach, Miss Lewis. Miss N. McCulIough,
Mrs. Adams, Miss Laura Holing, Miss
Annie Lieb. Miss Ray Quigley, Miss Da
muth. H. Puchhaber, H. M. Schmidt,
G. Little; Fred Blakeslee, .harry Cove.
Carl Schmidt, George Schmidt. Charlie
Potter, C. T. Qulncy. A. H. Rctsloff, Wal
ter Jackson, Warren Leib. C. Jphnson.
Mr. and Mrs. William J. McLaughlln
celebrated the anniversary of their wed
ding on Wednesday evening last. Musi
cal selections and dancing were among
the features of the evening. Those pres
ent were: Mr. and Mrs. ' "W. J. McLaugh
lin, Mr. and Mrs. \V. J. Twyford, Mr.
and Mrs. Terrells. Mr. and Mrs. R.,.Mc-
Dade, Mr. and Mrs. George MeCorkeli.
Mr. and Mrs. K. CLeary, air. and Mrs. M.
JIcLaughlin. Misses M. and N. Sulhvan,
King M. and A. Oalvary, A. Cunning
ham, L: McLaughlin, E. Wanderer, K.
Hearst, Miss Grace McLaughlin, Mr. and
Mrs. Hannan, George Patterson, G. Berg
hofi and F. Springburn of Virginia, i).
Crane, A. Anderson, A. and F. timith, C.
Kelly, A. Lennon, D. McLauEThlln, E.
Hanna, H. Frazer, J. Dowling, Al. Kelly.
D. Gallagher, W. Leary, A. Bigelow and
George McLaughlin.
On Saturday evening, September 29,- a
very enjoyable and pleasant surprise par
ty was tendered Martin Ketels in honor or
his fourteenth birthday. The evening was
spent in various amusements, interspersed
with music. Toward midnleht refresh
ments were served. Among those present
were: Martin Ketels. Francis McCono
logue, Eddie Barnes, Miss Jennie Ketela,
Albert Krutemeyer, Mies Edith Matson,
Theo Marfeto. iliss Therese McConologue,
Walter Dulfer, Miss Flossie Barnes, Miss
Bastian, J. W. Gunet, Mrs. N. M. Ketels,
Will McConologue, Esther Swanson,
George Rocrner, Warren McKillop, Uigrne
Swanson, Emiio Marillo, Miss (j«rtruda
Ketels, \V. A. Sherlock, Kobert R. James
and Mies Christine Ketels. * ,
hours "spent at the table, the party were
conveyed to the Cliff House, where a most
delightful evening was spent. Those pres
ent were: I>r. and Mrs. Lantenbaugh,
Captain and Mrs. P. Taylor, Mr. and Mrs.
D. B. Yanell, Mr. and Mrs. H. L. Kohn,
Miss Alice Fitzhauer, Miss Elsie Werder;
Thomas J. Johnston and Hammond D.
Kord. ' • .
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, OCTOBER 7, 1900.
26
SOCIETY
Personals.
Mr. and Mrs. L. Braroson have returned
from their wedding tour and will receive
&t 221 McAllitter street to-day from 2 to 5
p. m.
Mrs. H. H. Battler will b« a.t home on
Wednesdays in October at 2154 Post street.
Mra. Benjamin Schlosa of C14 Devlsadero
Ftreet will be at home October 1L prior to
her departure for the East. (
Among those present besides the host-
ess and her family were: Miss Gertruae
Mills. Miss Anita Emoaran, Miss Dulca
XVeterson, Mis«= Lola Haraszthv, Miss i"ala
Jlara^zthy, Miss Tenic Gedge, Miss Luz
Gedge, Miss G<orgie 'Jedge. Miss Elvira
Abrcgo, Miss Marion Mills, Miss Belle
Herzer. Miss Ruby Howell. Miss Frances-
ca Vallejo. "Miss Martha I^ee, Miss Kra^i-
ces McNult Miss Dorothy Bowen,. Mi3»
Klsie Maxwtil. Mi?s Rose Dreyer. Mis.*
Hose AbreRO, Miss Landers, Miss Jennie
Lavery. Mi*s Alice Voarsanger. MisS'ilel-
vina Maloch. Mi.«s Kdna Mon'pomcrv,
Miss Carmen Co^ta, Miss Bessie Harvie,
Miss Mildred McCarthy, Miss Minnie
Coleman. Miss Edmonrison, Miss Mabel
Beniamin, Miss Kreese, Miss Grace Cash-
in. Mi^s I^ouise Taber. Miss Edith Mills.
Miss Lillie McGill. Miss Ethel Garrett,
Miss Florence Bennr-lt, Miss Grace Bag-
ley. Miss Marie Marfcrurg, Mips P.'arl
J^idd. Miss GriscHa Klnpsland, M!ss Ray
Fpiro, Miss Dorrij> Hevn -. Ernest Lee.
Juan A!vara<Jo. WHilam Mills. Charles
Talent, John Hook. Mr. Hooptr, Elder
Gail Perkins. Clay Milkr, Ed-
ward Montgomery, Richard Hunt. Ed-
ward Hopkins, William Peck. Roy I^ee,
Dennis McCarthy, Jam^s Miller, Clarence
Freed. Hugo Hertzer. Louis Abrcgo, El-
bert Cowan. Carlos Emparan, Nap Vai-
lrjo, Raoul Emparan. 'Wallace BeanFton.
Charles Eager. Owen Prlsbi* 1 . Frido
Clewe. Frank ArrilJaga. Emile Gulttard.
Jester Harnmersmith. Kdward Loughran,
Harvey Ross. William Hatteroth. Robert
Fchord. Benton Bowen. William Sehor«l.
Mr. Hooker. Willam Dreyer. Harry
ETnJgh, George Cuthbert, Waldo Curtis,
Winelow Reedy, William Taylor. Mr.
Tooper, Frank Funge. Shirley Walker.
Banford Lewald. Bert Jones. Georg* Pe-
ters. Frank Burrls. Harvey Vallejo. Era-
met Bagicy, Horace Appleton, Charles Pe-
terson, Frank Simpson.
Mtes Cutter is not only the acknowl-
edged beauty of the Castilian set. but the
most graceful Spanish dancer in the col-
ony. During the evening Ehc changed her
handsome pink satin oall gown for a bril-
liant Spanish costume 2nd executed some
of the dances of old Castile as she only
can -dance them.
Mr. and Mrs. James II. Cutter formally
Introduced their daughter. Miss Alma Val.
lejo Cutter, to society last Mor.day even-
Ing. The handsome Cutter residence at
714 Brodeiick street was exquisitely dec-
orated. The •whole lower floor was a bow-
er of blossoms and ablaze with lights. The
fcirth<3ay anniversary of the beautiful
debutante was chosen for her "coming
out" party. Miss Cutter Is the grand-
daughter of General Vallejo and many
ecior.s of the distir,£ui.=hed old California
families wort present.
Alma Vallejo Cutter Dahut
Dermatologist
78 Geary St.. san Francisco
SUPERFLUOUS HAIR
Mrs. Harrison removes quickly,
permanently and in the only sure
way — The Electric Needle at her
parlors. Not a hair returns nor a
blemish to show.
MRS. NETTIE HARRISON
v ace -Massage, Face-Steaming
Treatments. Applications to Rc-
¦lore Gray Hair free to ladies who
rail at my parlors and perform
•iinple, easy conditions.
I""™" |3 I A 1 r^ dics out of city sendia-
li I /"% I— this ad. with io cents in
JT5 /"^ \/ etaraps, will receive m booV.
*jtJ \mS f V of instructions end m. box c ;
Lola Montez Creme J^. 1^
FREE
THIS
WEEK
GUARANTEED
BEAUTIFUL
FACE
Clear from every blemish. Freck-
les, Tan, Sunburn, Yellowness,
Sallowuess, Blotches, Pimples,
Ulackheads, Wrinkles yield easily
to the effect of my marvelous
treatments. Years of experience
enable me to do what others can
ADVERTISEMENTS.
ADVEETISEMENT3
: ::/y promise.
1 C^nGl s 'Jlt'if5nS AvOifiGfi Earnest "Words of Gratitude. I
I When a physician tells a woman suffering with ova- J J^^^^^ I 1
3 rian or womb trouble that an operation is necessary, it of ja^^^mB8B^Sm|> &a^ congested ovaries. I had suffered from fj
3 The very thought of the operating table and the knife ililP^ilfeij 'Zr\ k> ave to be removed, i took treatment tvro |j
j StrilIGS tGITOr LO IlSr Heart- Y\ mained in miserable health in both, body and £3
a And our hospitals are full of women who ar© there for Tc^ xl^ expecting to part with my reason with g
« Ovarian and WOmb Operations ! 2&%&Q *^\ °^ *^ e Compound, I became entireiy rid ol the 5|
3 It is quite truo that these troubles may reach a stage J^^^^^^wr troub i? * n nay head. 1 continued to use your £j
I where an operation is the only resource, but such cases are have been passed in perfect good health. This 2
I much rarer than is generally supposed, because a great WffiffiwSZTFfflrrtfa I °ye entirely to Lydia E. Pinkham's Vege- w
3 many women have been cured by Mrs. Pinkham's med- " 1 1528 Kinnickinnic Ave., Milwaukee, wis. '
a icine after the doctors had 6aid the operation must be "Z ~ 7~~, _ m
1 * j -..-.., 7 -¦; Deab Jibs. Petkhamj— Your vegetable Compound has completely *y
9 periormeQ. cured me of the worst form of womb trouble, and made me & strong? |1
H JLiydia E. Finkham's Vegetable Compound has ti -^tj p e^[ h^». ro V u ft 1 w ? n i5 n * r Beforo Lydia h
H been very Successful in curing Ovarian troubles. In fact, alllraL severe pains in back and side, headache R
nj up to the point where the knife must be used to secure <£^§^liPs£i=\ an( * nervousness - Menses would sometimes a
M instant relief, this medicine is Certain to help. J^P^^^^^r^ vere hemorrhage which lasted a month. I was n
h Ovarian troubles are easily developed from womb &m c ° nfin^d to °i 7 1^ the attendin s' p^ysi- ||
h troubles, and WOmb troubles are SO Very Common that tli^t ationassoon as I was strong enough. I read '*!
819 rkT7Qi»ifia ia c+<uii1'il i \r An tViA in^»T*pfic!A nmnno* tcatyipti Tt ia ' / %v one 01 your little books several testimonials N
mj OVciriLlS lo bLCclvilijr vll 1>L1O lliOictlotJ ciuiuiig wuiilcil. 1b Id, Xty^r* 4>jf from ladies ivho wpk> pd 1 V> f* j» y
tl nevertheless, a lHOSt SerioUS trouble, and to recommend \ "'53- JBS after having' been told by their doctors that an Ti
0 txrrnno* +rDQTmfiT»t fnr if. in a rrimA fnr whirh frifirA rannnf \* j/t operation was necessary, and I made up my y
H wrong ireaimeni ior id is a crane ior wmon inere cannot j^^^C« m^ d then and ere to commence taking your !$
K Tt iq Thprpforp with fllll ronqHonqTlP^ nf thp c-PrimiQ S^^B^^^^^^K stored me to good health. I have gained ttventy- §
m Xu is, Liicicujit/, wiiii luii i/iJiiboiuuoiJtJoo ui nitj btJiioua- S^ySitr^vr^SllfcJO two pounds sines takinj? it and mv flesh, i^&n *i
n ness of the disease and the steady failure of other medicine mrsannie hartley solid as a rock. My friends remark about the |]
fi to cure it, that we present for ovarian and womb trouble what Lydia E. PinkfaanVs vlgetable Compound can do, and havSin- 1
1 Lydia E. Pinkham's Vegetable Compound as the fenced many of my friends to try it, which has proved very gratify- 9
H ¦ 1 m • J.1.-I a a- • 'x-l 1-11 1 * n f? in its results. I thank you for restoring me to health." ANNiR 9
B most certain to nelp of any medicine in tne world to-day. hartley, 221 w. Congress St., Chicago, in. «•*-**• «««**« «
P Any person who could read tho letters in Mrs. Pinkham's M _^ y
h filpa nt Vipt nffir« in T^vrin Masa wnniri >>a nnnvinr»orl r»f «_ 1 EitAB Mb^ FDfKTTAM:--I feel it my duty to publish the wonderful Ti
mes at ner omco ui ljyuu, lvidba., wouia De convinced OI help Lydia E. Pinkham's Vegetable Compound has been to me I was ¦
H the efficiency Of Mrs. Pinkham's Compound. • like a crazy person— could not eat or sleep; there was no rest for me i\
1 The strongest and most grateful statements possible neV^^ i
|to make COine from Women who have escaped the Operat- E ' £ mkaam ' s Compound. I am so glad I did, for it cured me. I am a '-1i
H • 1 1 1 1 j.1 a j.t-« a» • t l well woman now and can do any kind of work 1 nimt th^ n«vn e i,«j m
I ing table by the USe Of this medicine. Let any, woman throughout the land, ao that ail my suffering sisteraibay 7ead!f£nd ! tf in *
¦ suffering from these troubles, or anything which may de- 1 ' ' ""n y b 3, ay afflicted female troubles/they may ;1
I velop into them, write and get Mrs. Pinkham's advice. If wonderful Ve^etob^CoSpSTndTn? be Sred^
|l you are beyond tho reach of the medicine, you will be ¦£0*^^^*9$&sL T^ R %' IARGARET bamford, Centennial 3
1 The most serious of all the diseases of women, as well ?&J*' & KiSS^v^^^SLS^^aif^^* 1
¦ aS the minor ills, are promptly Overcome by V M> heal th. I was suffering to such an extent from if
mbS __ 0^^h ' - ' ' * ( - ' ¦ .^^E.' Gp^-L, oblOu WOUld DO XICC6SS&3T7* jl OXUT Z&cdlcxco ~ I
ti m Tkff£&tt£& M^ F^BBQmFSH&S'&B&ft jSfr j^jjjjjIjjgigwL having been recommended to me, I decided to **!
fi Bmijpw*mw3 mmW m IliniffWfif w f^S^^^g^^fe^ I tr^ A * ter several bottles I found that *»
m H^T^^ Ba m^bl j^r>»»«j» j> ffl j|Tm jff P&i>3Hi Kv XAMhaJ fered no more with my ovaries. Your medicine Is II
U Hr %2mB&m€!*BfDQSr %M9JftlMBmSQM(UlmamMm ' MRS - ANNA ASTON I thefrreatest boon on earth to suffering- women." \
H sW 8 * J^^^. C^ FI UtiK P i^k *v Owln 5 to th6 1*S* that some skeptical people have from time to time cmfwtirmaH "«
I REWARD assftKis 'ssjss^^^ssr^f^S^s I
AD VEBTISEMENTS.
HIGH ART, \
NOT HIGH-PRICED.
j£9& We are' the >
/fKp«vE acme of art in I
|£\c$^ Ladles* Tailor- s
/% ?%$V rcado Suits and c
D» jSA/ * Cloaks. We aro >
tr^^K^A' wholesale manu- I
P&f&Ceytfk facturers with >
VB&far^Jfy New York's lat- <
»• f/Ta\\ «st fall and win- >
x Wr\ : 'l ter f asnl °ns. Still I
J ItL/J we are not high >
iWrWtX priced, for mind <
//' 'O' /* you, vre have a ?
I Ir'lrlL retail department >
ijjyf it i and add but 10 ?
ll/CJSSSi percent to whole- X
l&jfr^i$ sale prices. "We z
/TlM^'iK. show a hundred ?
// la : 'i»& exclusive designs i
JJ ¦[}¦'• iye\ '1° tailor-made. >
/l< 'Alii tiVA rainy day and I
xV r -li{(V,aBiV eolf suits, man- >
tailored to I
Ni.l'fci'ft«\ measure, from ?
$25 up. Rainy-day <
and golf skirts from $6 up. ; ?
S, Be!!er & Co.,
p 230 Sutter Street, I
>> TAKE ELEVATOR. '¦ ?
When you see a young woman making
a fuss over a widower's children, It's a
elgn that if she doesn't soon acquire a
right to correct them it won't be her fault.
SUPERFLUOUS HAIR
And all other facial blemishes are removed by
DH. and MRS. A. "W. TRAVERSE. Donohoo
bu!l<Unjr." 1170 Market St.. eor. Taylor, rooms
28-29. with the electric needle without pain or
¦car. Permanency guaranteed; hours 1 to 4 p. m.
The greatest ekln food an>1 tissue builder,
BRAHMAN TOILET CREAM
Removal ' wrinkles by making tie akin firm.
It renders the skin soft,
smooth, clear, white and P" "~"T*i£v«>L.
youthlul and cures Poison Aafel&V^r-v
Oak and Eczema. It Is a ,j£m&x3A,
liq-jld. Any cream of the z2sLi&£cFtg2Ei
consistency ot butter will jiitianwy^ VifcZp
stimulate the growth O f lWyfftwWi
hair on the face. Brah- «Mf T zfflp
man Toilet Cream Is «$&& 'tSi'WmF'
truaranteeil not to do so. /O^L 3t§9t' >
Price 25c. Brahman «> tWSvSk^PT C^
Tooth Powder. 25c. All fW*3KL3r&&v5?
drugrlsts and at offlee of ¦- . .- ¦ ¦, .
A. W. TRAVERSE. M. D. Liirse stock always
at J t B t Potta* Drug CO| .^THE NEW YORK GIVES
MEED OF PRAISE
TO CALIFORNIA
ASSOCIATED MEN
OIL DENOUNCES
THE SCRIPPERS
CALIFORNIANS
IN THE SWIM
IN THE NEW YORK
27THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, OCTOBER 7, 1900.
28
BAIT lTRAXCISCO CALL.
BUb_\*ESS OFFICE of The San Francisco
Call, corner of. Market and Third streets, open
tnttl _ o'clock every night In the year.
BRANCH OFFICES— _7 Montgomery etreet.
tcrcer Clay; open until !:") p. n.
800 Hares etreet; open until S:SO p. ra.
C3» McAllister etreet; open until J:33 p. m.
. C_ Larkln rtreet; open until 9:30 p. zn.
1S41 MlBSlcn etreet; open until 10 p. m.
SSC1 Market street, corner Sixteenth; open
er.tll S v. ra.
10« Eleventh rtreet: open until » p. m.
1WI Valencia etreet; open until 9 p. m.
Kcrthwest corner Twenty-second and Keo-
rucky rtreetg; open until t p. yi.
CHURCH SEnVICES.
CALVARY Presbyterian Cfcurch. corner of
Qearjr and Powell «».— Rev. John Hemphlll,
D.D.. pastor, will preach at 11 a. m. and 7;3U
p. ra. Topic e\-ening, "The Potter's Power
Over the Clay." The eacram^nt of the i-«ord a
eupper will b« observed fct the clew of the
mornlar »erv1ce. The Christian Kndjavor
Bcclety meets at C:1£ p. m. ; the newly elected
officers of the society will be installed by
Dr. HemnhilL All are cordially invited.
ST. JOHN'S Presbyterian Church, corner Cali-
fornia and Octavla ets.— Rev. Eert Estes How-
ard of Stanford University will preach at
11 a. m. end. 7:45 p. el
CENTRAL Methodist Episcopal Church. Mis-
eion «t.. between Sixth and Seventh— This is
RaJly aajr in school ard church, with anni-
versary exercises. At 11 o'ckx'k Dr. Hutvin-
piller will conduct worship and preach en the
topic. "Persuading Men to Become Chris-
tiana." At 12:4.. the anniversary and *Uvei-
medal exercises of the Sunday school. At
€:1S rally and installation service cf Chris-
tian Endeavor Soc:ety. At 7:<i, wrmm en
""Gre*t Love," snd holy sacrament and com-
munion of the Lords rapper. All are wel-
come.
EIMPSON Memorial Methodist Episcopal
Ckjirch, corner of Hayee and Buchanan st5.—
Rev. John Ster,h»ns, the pastor, will preach
ct 11 a." m. on ' •Memories." At 7:45 p. ra.
the second monthly chrral service will b«
given by a large chorus under the direction
of L E". Klake. Music 5n.«m great masters
wi'l be rendered. Short address on "The
Eternal Note of Gltuinet.--." .-¦ ;>ts free. Ail
welcome.
BT. PAUL'S Church, California st.. near Fill-
more.— Itev. W. Maxwell I'.eiHy. rector: Her.
„. C. Wilson, assistant: holy communion. 7:30
a. in.: Kuncay-ecbool, S:4i a, m. ; iitany s« ¦v-
lce, second celebration and Bcrrr.on by the rec-
tor 11 a. m.; evening service and sermon, 7:43
o'clock; preacher. Kev. A. C. Wilson; dally
service, 10 a. m.
I*RINITY Church, corner Bush and Gough Ets.
—Ilev. Frederick W. Clanp«tt, D.D.. rector.
Hc!y ccmir.unicn. ¥ arid 11 a. m. ; morning
service, 11 o'clock. Evening prayer. 4 o'clock.
Friday service of Intercession for army and
navy at 11 a. m. The rector will preach.
6T. LUKE'S Ep'.ecopaJ Church, cor. cf Van
Ness ave. and Clay st. Hcly communion. 8
a. m. Morning prayer. 11 o'clock. Evening
••rvlce, ?:4S o'clock. Kev. T. J. Mackay, rec-
tcr of All Saints Church, Omaha, will
preach both morning and evening.
FIPJ5T CongrL-ratlcnal Church, corner Post and
Mason ets. — Rev. Oe.>ree C. Adams, P.D..
pastor. Rev. _. E. Uanham will preach at
both frerviees. At 11 a. m., topic. "The Value
of Temptation." At 7:to p. m., "The Gospel
of a Mite." All are cordially invited.
FIRST Chun-h of Christ. Scientist, Central
Block, _S Putter «.. bet. Kefirny St. and
Grunt eve.— Christian Science Bible lessen at
11 a. in., subject. "Doctrine of Atonement."
bt-ndny school for cMMren at t.!ie same hour.
¦VVertnescay evenins meeting at S o'clrwk.
Free r~aa!rjB-n>jm, 20€ _e*my St., room 610.
All are welcome.
THE Flrrt Divla* Science Church, M. E.
C'ramor. pastor, rawMJ every Punday. 11 a. it;..
at "Hnir.e Oollese.*' "3C0 Seventeenth ft., be-
tween Vr.lencia ard Mission Ms. Subject Of
this morcins's discourse, "The Vcdantlc
Philosophy Compared With Christianity."
Sunday tchool at 10 a. m.
niEOSOPlUCAL Society— Public lectures every
Sunday evening at S o'clock in Theosophic
Hall. Odd PfeUrtN* liuil'.ing. To-night. "Spir-
its of the Eanh." by Mi>-s Marie A. Walsh.
Golden chain tor children at 11 a. m.
M—BTIXGS — SIXDAV.
DR. J. DEPEW KF.HGAN will lecture this
pveniru? on "The inner Life, or Soul Cul-
ture." at Costal Hull, Pythian Castle. y>.i
Market et., followed by ir.acniflcent views of
China and the Chinese. Those attending may
procure free tickets to the X-ray exhibition
at the Panitariur.i n«-xt Tuesday evening.
Seatf free. No collection.
PEAUTTFT:l_Y illustrated lecture on "Dac-
tf-ria in Disrar*— Force and Physic ir. Heal-
ing." by Dr. Dhul-MarClaire. at Calanthe
Hull. Pvthian Castle. tOi Market et. : musi-
cal prelude; ladies and pents; Beats fix-e.
CO-OPERATION on the boom Rochdale plan;
public meeting Wednesday evening, Oct. 11,
room 3«. S!<. Market «.; offie* room 22i, Pir-
rott buildmifr: o;*n day and evenlrifr.
MMU. YOUNG, COS McAllister— Convincing test
circle to-nitht. We: first test rneets Wednes-
day evening at th» Kept— M Wigwam, Web-
eter-Ft. station. Alameda; 10c.
AT r>R. RIN'ES" Spiritual Society. 90S Market—
11, free; 2-S, l r T; Mrs. Ger'.e, Hayes, LvFter,
Mr. Fisher. Irr. Uir.es reels last; first spirit-
ual aid 5 p. m.. t>U welcome.
lins. LIT-I.TE lectures In Oolrten Gate Hall.
€25 Futt«»r f-t.. to-r.icht. Subject. "The Soul
of Things." Followed by psychometric read-
ings.
EBEIiHAn.DT*S spiritual te?t meeting to-night.
10c. 2i"^i Tireruy-secGCd et., cor. Bartiett;
readings d£l!y.
ATTEND Mme. Marquise's convincing test cir.
cle to-night at 8; 10c. Z Hyde t-t. ; read, daily.
MRS. MARY EVANP. circle to-<!ay, I and 8;
every pight. «»^t Thursday: 10c. 108 6th st.
MEETINGS— -Inivemal Urotherbood.
TiiSa^pmcAL~BT^wyTTiTTia r_>t st.-t.ee>
ture to-nl^ht. "How We Reincarnate." by Dr.
Jerome A. Anderson; I. B. Loafrue 1st and 3d
Tuet. nights; children's Ictus group, Sun.,
11 a. m., room 20.
MEETING NOTICES.
PTDEJ—TT Lodg« No. ZT2. I. O. ¦ < i.iJjPj» fc .
O. F.-Inltiation TO-MORROW *£2_SB&
(MONDAY) EVENING. Visiting *§£4S9i
brothers cordia'.ly Invited. -Cn.VJ^^
"VTM. H. CXTRTIS. X. G.
C. F. PHILLIPS. Rec. Sec.
THB Caiifcra'.a Debris Commission, having re-
ceived applications to mine by the hydraulic
process from the Dewey Consolidated Gravel
Mlnln? Company. In the Homeward Bound.
Evenlr.p Sur and Morning Light mlnci". n«»K.r
Iowa Hill, Placer O ur.ty, to deposit tailings
in Indian Canyon: fron» Mary E. Ruth et a!s..
in the Buckeye mine, near North San Juan,
ZCevada County, to deposit tailings in a
worke<5-out pit: from th» Ralrtcn plvlde Oold
Mlclncr Oomnajij-, In the Pat Goeglns and
RlsckEinith Flat mine? 1 , near Virner, Placer
County, to deposit tailings In Long Canyon:
from Nathan Gardiner, in the Sidney placer
mine, near Ico. EhaMa Cour.ty. to dept.Fit
talllnr* la Sidney Gulr-h. &nd from A_ %V.
Whitney and C. T. H»x-ler. In th» Mlooene
mine, near Crescent Mills, Pluma6 Cour.ty,
to deposit tailings in Rush Creek, gives notice
that a meeting will be held at room ts.
Flood bulldlnc. San Francisco. Cal.. on Oc-
tober IE. 1S00. at 1:30 p. m.
ETOCKHOLDERS' MEETING— Notice is hereby
given that the annual meeting cf th<? rtock-
holden of THE BANK OF CALIFORNIA
will be held at the banking houte In this city
on TCESDAT. October 9. 1900. at 11 o'clock
a. m. Bjr order of the Board of Directors.
ALLEN M. CLAY. Secretary.
AGEXTS WANTED.
CEKERAL a^rents In every loeaUty throughout
the United States to repre5»»nt large concern
end apDoInt agents en a Ftrict'.y calary bads
of &5 monthly &nd all expenses. Dept. 7
J. J. MORAN. Xew York City.
WE want first-clam appnts everywhere for lat-
est office specialty; preatest money maker In
years; write for terms. American Lock-
Crank Co.. Milwaukee. TVIs.
TO handle Robinson's Thermal Bath Cabinet.
Pacific AtTfnu Euji^ly Co., 04G1 Eipftteenth mt.
$100 MONTHLY; fine opportunity for lady or
man and wife; investigate. !„$ Market, r. ii.
AGE-VTS-Do you want something mere rrcfit-
ftlle and easier to Fell than V»ocks or insur-
ance? Add. F. PERSON, r. 41i, Parrott blrl*.
AGENTS of ability end experience in life lnsurl
anoe. Call 8t room 101. Si»7 Market, cor Sixth.
ASrilALTUl UOOKIXG. ™
J. PELTIER, arphait roofing. Fidewalks; c*ll_-
floors laid, repaired: portal. 11*6 Mission st.
ASTIIOLOGY.
MME. HICKEY— Aftrologlst; "horoBCopesT" 50c;
card reading and palmistry. 2ic. 1SI3 Mission.
YOUR future srW-ntifieally calculated by A»-
trologer E. S. GREEX, 1SQ4 Market: 2d floor.
I5R. C. T. TAYLOH, scientific astrologer, com-
pute* noroycopes by Ptclcmy method. TCS Mkt.
ATTOItMSVS AT LAW. ~
R. W. KING, attorney at law. t27 Market et..
room £27; ectates, damages, attachments.
bankruptcy, collections; all cases; fair fees;
ro advance charges; money leaned on estates.
ADVICE free: divorce law a epedalty; private;
10 fee without fucc*«s; collections. G. W
HOWE. Etty at law, VJi Market, cor. Stockton.
TREE advice; divorce laws, damages, estates,
collection*. J- A. Mitchell, 314 Montgomery.
ADVJCE free; no charge unless puccessful. W.
W. Davidson, 827 Market Et., opp. Mason.
_. S. CLAUK. Emma Ppreckels bide.. 927 Mar-
ket ct.; consultation free; no fees in advance.
BATH CABINETS.
ROBINSON $5. 4-panel folding: door opens: firm
and nafe. W. S. BROWN, gen, agt.. 426 Ellis.
UOARDIMi FOR CHILUKEJI.
LADY with own home would like 1 or 2 email
children to board; good care. 221S Sixteenth.
WIDOW would like two children to board; fur-
nished room for parent. 24a Shipley st.
BCSl.VESS CHANCES.
A PHOTOGRAPH BUSINESS AT 3RAND
EARGAIN.
Grocery and bar; large stock; must sell.. $700
Restaurant, near Powell; fine trade 650
Delicatessen (tore; large stock 1200
Restaurant; best in city 1003
2 candy stores; one $650; one 409
Saloon; cost $1000; price 3C'J
100 other bargains. DECKER. 1020 Market »t.
ATTENTION. SELLERS!
LIST YOUR STORE OR BUSINESS PLACE.
CITY OR COUNTRY REAL ESTATE WITH
«5:. I CAN SKLL OR EXCHANGE FOK
YOU. MY COMMISSIONS ONLY a PER
I CENT. I WANT NO EXCLUSIVE CON-
TRACT. H. C. DECKER. 1020 MARKET.
WINERY
AND
VINEYARD.
FOR SALE— An interest not exceeding one-
I half.
In a larpe and well-known vineyard in one
of the be*t dry win? districts of the State.
containing several hundred acres of the best
I varieties of vines. The owner denires an asso-
j elate in carrying on and developing the busi-
I riess. A splendid opportunity to secure an in-
1 tprest in a well-?Ftablished concern. For full
i particular* apply to or address
McAFEE BROTHERS, ins Montgomery st.
! A— HOTEL; b*?t location; money maker; call
j at once. COWING & CO.. 713 Market at.
I A — CORNER salmon; good location; this is a
I bargain. COWING _ CO., 719 Market ht.
! A— ROOMING-HOUPE; north Market: fine lo-
cation: clears }7i month. COWING &: CO.,
I 719 Market st.
j A— CORNER butcher shop; must go Monday
j. without fail. See COXVIXG & CO., 719 Market.
¦ $4C0 — FIXK candy nnd Ire cream parlors In
i heart of city; splendid fixtures; pood bufi-
I neu; living rooms. LANE & CO., 665 Market.
! FOR honest biisiners propositions of all kinds
f or sell your busin<>Fs quickly for cash call
! on LANE & CO., bfij Market St.
I A— PAY. FISHER & CO., have you lodging.
1 houses? Yes. What price? $300 up, any lo-
cation desired; 12 rooms, $300; 10 rooms, $450;
In rooms, new. $9M, fine; 21 rooms, bargain,
I $750; 27 rms., $2000, snap: all sizes, all Drtces,
j all new largalns; call and see us. 1032 Market.
I BUTCHER business; daily sales $!0; fine equip-
ment: sickness cause of selling; muet be sold
on Monday; call early. SCHWEINHARD &
CO., S17 Market at., bet Fifth and Sixth.
I $:00— RESTAURANT, delicacy and bakery:
oor.tral; doing fine business. BASILE. 3 E.ldy.
I "HONEST SPECULATION" — Send for my
' method" of "Security Investments" If EUtls-
i fed with reasonable profits; Investments by
I this methr.d in stocks and frrain have earned
I In 20 days more than a mechr.nlc earns In 60;
I Fend for free particulars; customers and bank
I references. RICHARD JONES, Investment
Droker. 40 Exchange place. New York.
; TRAVELING salesman. Intimately acquainted
! in Tahiti. New Zealand. Australia. Tasmania
i and Hawaiian Islands, will leave November 1;
I dtnlrr-s to interview manufacturers and others
I wishing their llr.es repres= o ntfHl In the nbove
I countries. Address box 2261. trail office.
! INCORPORATED oil company, stock non-
1 assessable, will dlspoeo of tome promotion
; stock at 5c a share: a bargain; for 3 days
only. Ar-swer br>x S7?0, Call office.
! FOR sal* — A flrrt-class Faloon: well storked:
j good location: choap rent: no rirht or Sunday
business; proprietor to quit on account of ill—
i ness. Inquire at C27 Montgomery st.
¦ WANTEP — As partners. 2 good florists: gardener
with small capital. Apply CASABONNE. cor-
! ner Pixth and Delaware sts.. West Berkeley.
\ BLOCK of stock In American Oil and Refinery
i Co. for sale ch^ap; any reasonable off^r ac-
I Cf-pted. FOWLER & -CO., 1413 Call building.
j $2:^1— WANTED— Partner In oyster and chop-
house: object, to keep open all night; good
I opportunity. Address Business. Call office.
BI'Y wheat: order at once; conditions warrant
; higher prices: book •¦Speculation" free. COM-
! STOCK CO., Traders hldg.. Chicago. •
! TO Ut— Butcher shop complete; established for
I 12 yf-ars: apply 1500 Howard St., cor. .Four-
teenth. MRP. DUMAS.
$7000— ONE of the oldest established grocery
houses in P. F.; owner's health has failed.
Box 4709. Call offire.
j PARTNER with $4000 in fine merchant tailoring
liuFiii'???: no cutter needed. Box 2231, Call.
! GOOD bu?lneFs rnan as partner In flourishing
j contract business. Box 2272, Call office.
1 MAN with money in feed and fuel yard; track
J ar.d family trade. Box 37*6. Call office.
i corner grocery nnd bar will be sold cheap;
living rooms. 1363 Folsom st.
! TrTRMIXAL b">oth!ack stand for sale. Corner
Ha'ght «nd Stanyari sts.
i JIC-O— STATIONERY and perlcdlcal etore; in-
voice %Wd Hi Fourth Et
: JJW— ONE-HALF interest In branch office at
! Seattle. Wash.; main office located In this
j city: will guarantee an average of il25 per
rr.cnth to purchasrr; If either one Is dlssati.s-
fied at the end of *\x months will pay pur-
! rhaser $K % 0 j>t month and give him $1000 f'ir
j the return of hi? Interest: purchaser required
to tak<» tull charge; short hours. Address
I box 22C2. Oil office. .
I $1500— FOR sale— Half-Intere"st in first-class
j money-making business; suitable for iady or
I frentlernan : $?ro ca*h and J750 to be paid out
of profits: $35.-.O stock on hand; the purchaser
ran rt-tain $400 to extend the business; the
j purchnFf-r must take entire charge, tne own-
I cr'» time Is otherwise engaged; open to ln-
> vestlgatlcn. Address box 2274, Call office.
; J4R0 — CIOAB, periodical, notion store; well es-
tablished: best location; across bay; good
I business for man and wife. Box 22S5, Call.
V." ANTED— Partner for restaurant business;
email rsfiital required; lady preferred. Box
4152. Call office.
i A BARGAIN; corner grocery, with bar; cash
i bufiiKFs; Mission district; no agents; terms
I cash; Investigation Invited. Box 4193, Call.
CHICAGO Brokerage Co.. 305 So. ISA ave., Chi-
cago — fvplls your business or farm for cash
wherever located; get partner or sell your
patent.
! SALOON for sale; half or as a whole. £33
WaFlilneton *t.
; BAKERY— 1101 Howard st.; store and 2 rooms;
raki» even, with large basement; rent cheap.
, OAKLAND rooming-house. 85 rooms; pays
I handsomely; right downtown; forced *ale;
cnr.fr frning away: only J12S0: pay $175 per
I month net profit. GEO. W. AUSTIN & CO.,
ION Broadway, Oakland.
; WILL give half of first month'a wages to party
; Ffourirg ir.e a position at some kind of night
work: not over S hours at $00 per month.
Box ~M4. Call.
I fl. r .Ci>-GROCERY and fruit store-" good-paying
business; eouth of Market; good location:
present owner, there 8 years, wishes to sell
on account of other business. Box 2278, Call.
FINELY equ'r^ed business college, located in
ftockum, CaL; for sale or rent. Write to
I C. E. DOAN. Stockton. Cal. _.
i FOR pale— Philadelphia Oyster House; 60 Bev-
I entli et., opp. new postofflce building; selling
) business, on account cf sickness.
VALUABLE Canadian patent of interest to
foundrymen. Box 2241. Call. - >
i PLVMI'.ING chop, stock, chop tools, horee and
' wagon for sale; in good location. Address
I lox 4Jf.l, Callrcfflce.
j _ODGISG-HOCS_S FOR SALI2.
t a ROOMS; Jones St.: bargain . . .TTTT.^TT^TT^So
14 rooms; Golden Gate ave.; a snap 500
ir> rooms; Mission Et. ; at your own price.
SS rooms; best corner in city: very cheap.. 3000
109 rooms; Market st: sure fortune 4200
Insorct our list". We have some' bargains
fir,d are doing the trade. Come in and nee us.
EMERY & SMITH. 3 Eddy at., cor. Market.
A— HOTEL FOR PALE
140 ROOMS. 1«1 REGULAR BOARDERS
Sure to c!-ar $4f".<> every month; owner
sick and cannot Jive in city.
1 See this grand bargain
Investigation requested: effer wanted. For
I fcale only by II. C. DECKER. 1020 Market St.
R. H. WINSTON & CO.. 1026 Market ct.
TELEPHONE MINT 1591
27 rooms $Xjo *3 rooms $3300
SO rooms •... _50 60 rooms 2000
10 rooms 3000 ICO rooms 6500
LODGING-HOUSi: buyers attention— Houses at
reduced prices; genuine bargains; sizes and
location to suit; money loaned. SCHWEIN-
HAKD & CO.. S17 Market Bt., between Fifth
and Sixth; phone 1811.
A— 22-IiOOM rooming-house; central $1000
20-room house; first-class 1050
11-room house: MTJ; 6-room fiat 325
FISHER & CO., 1082 Market at.
F. P. BRAN'DOX. 87 Third St., near Market
18 rooms; near Market; bargain J600
22 rooms: on Third st ¦ 40g
Many others, U^O up. Please call and get list.
MARION GRIFFIN
719 Market St., room 1; tel. Black 1803; see my
list of 75 houses; to-day"a Examiner. .
A— 30-ROOM hotel; modern; large lot; 2 stores;
always full; on main business street in Ala-
meda: $7iw; very easy terms. Apply A. _.
SPECK & CO.. 667 Market »t. vv * **•
WONDERFUL -bargain— S-room house; hand-
Bomely fur. M. A. Brooks, 12 Golden Gate av.
NICELY ' furnished 15-room house: cheap rent;
eaey terms, or cheap for cash. 742 O'FarrelL
LODGIXG-HOUSES FOR SALE.
NINE rooms; nicely furnlahed; opposite Pan-'
handle of Park; room renting clears rent;
. price W0. Address box 2291. Call office.
A— FURNISHED bouse of seven rooms tor
sale; rent of house very cheap; rooms all full.
Apsly 1J15 Stockton st.
}12.-i BUYS lodrlng-house. 10 rooms, all rented;
rent $22 50, including water. 108 Second st.
LODGING.HOUSE WANTED^
WANTED— Small rooming house; muet be
cheap and in good location. Box 2280, Call.
CAKRIAGFS AND WAGONS.
ALL kinds of wagons, buggies, carts, harness,
etc., cheap. EGAN & SON. 2117 Mission st.
AN A No. 1 express wagon, single., also light
camping wagon, for Bale cheap. 532 Mission.
NEW & 2d-hand wagons, buggies, carts & har-
ness, work & driving horses. 15th & Valencia.
SPONGES and chamois our specialty. A1IER-
[ ICAN SPONGE CO., 150 New Montgomery st.
CHEAPEST and best in America— The Weekly
Call. 16 pages, sent to any address in the
Urited States or Canada one year for $1,
postage paid.
SPIRITUALISM.
A — IF you are gt)ing to consult a medium "or
palmist why not consult the best?
ELIZABETH SAUNDERS, 514 Taylor St.,
only medium in the United States who has
three separate and distinct bands.
A HINDOO BAND
for developing mediums, teaching occult sci-
ence and giving good luck in business and
all affairs of life and for healing.
A QUAKER BAND
for revealing the spiritual side of life and
the interpretation of the Bible.
A BUSINESS BAND,
composed of all kinds of business spirits,
each perscn to his or her occupation. Each
j person spending Jl will be piwented with a
J sood-luck penny; sittings $1 and upward;
j ladles' circle Thursday 2 p. m. ; public cir-
cles Friday 8 p. m. Circles, 25c; everybody
j gets a test. 514 Taylor st.
ARRIVED— Mrs. Dr. Farnham, world-renownM 1
spiritual medium; advice in all affairs of life. |
lawsuits, divorces, deaths; unites the sepa-
rated; mininga specialty; clrs.Sun.,Wed..Fri.
ev's; come and be convinced. (Permanently)
£13 Eddy st.. bet. Hyde and Larkln; no sign.
MATCHETT holds circle to-night. 8 o'clock,
10c; test to all; sittings daily, COc. 132 Fourth.
i MME. MAJORS, gifted spiritual medium,
j healer and card reader. 132 Sixth st., room 1.
j MRS. KOTTER, 34 Sixth st., circle to-day. 2 &
8 p. m.; 1<V; sittings daily; G.. $1; L., 50c.
MRS. LESTER— Circles Sun.. Tues.. Fri. eve..
10c; readings dally. 200 Turk st.. room 4.
SANTA TERESA, the Mexican healer, removed
to 1610 California st.
MEDIUM and palmist, reading 25c this week;
satisfaction guaranteed. 1239 Market St., r. 5.
I MISS SOPHIA SEIP-Sun. at S and dally read-
; ings. 6th & Mkt. ets.. Oakland, Peoples Hall.
! FRIENDSHIP Hall. 335 McAllister— Mrs. C. J.
1 Meyer, sit. dally: convlnc'g tests to-night. 10c.
, MRS. J. J. WHITNEY, clairvoyant, test, busi-
! ness medium, life reader: sittings $1. 110* Mkt.
I CLAIRVOYANTS.
j
j ISMAR THE GYPSY.
ISMAR. the Egyptian Gypsy, draws aside the
! uncurtained years ahead; happiness and success ;
1 go hand In hand, yet hundreds fall where sue- I
cess is possible were It not Tor a lack of fore- j
. sight into the future. If you are in trouble of ]
any kind, discontented, unhappy or not satis- 1
: iieii In life, consult ISMAR, for she Is a proph-
, etess of world-wide fame, and her name has
¦ become a proverb In thousands of homes made j
' harpy by her aid and advice. ISMAR can be 1
: consulted daily from 10 a. m. to 5 p. m.. Sun- I
<?a>p by appointment only, at her office, 1148 i
; Market, opp. Sth. Full life reading by mail $5.
i MRS. E. M. DUVALO.
425 Golden Gate avenue.
: Late of Los Angeles.
i Mrs. Duvalo is a natural born clairvoyant,
j business medium and healer. She tells your !
i past, present and future life, diagnoses dls- j
1 eases, cures deafness, etc. if there are ob-
; Etacles in the path of your life she can tell you 1
j how to overcome them and how to avoid them. |
¦ Mrs. Duvalo has practiced successfully In 1
: Lcs Angeles for the past nine years for all j
; the principal business people, as well as those '
I in the highest society, and still has patrons j
there, to whom she will continue to give her
! valuable advice.
1 MME. PORTER, wonderful clairvoyant & card
I reader, born with double veil & second sight,
diagnoses disease with life reading: ladles &0c;
cent Jl: palm. & clair. Bit. $1 50. 126 Turk st.
ISMAR. the Egyptian gypsy clairvoyant and
1 palmist, permanently located 1US Market, opp.
I Cth; private readings dally 10 a. m. to 5 p. m.
MME. BERNARD, reads life fluently; advice
given In all affairs in life; satisfaction guar-
anteed; !5c up. 17 Third Et., next Examiner.
MRS. E. SANDERS. 814 Taylor at., near Geary
— Clairvoyant, palmist and business medium;
ladles' circle Thurs., 2 p. m. : Fri., 8: clr. 25c.
MME. A. CERVANTES, the celebrated Spanish
fortune teller, gives best advice in difficult
matter*. 19 Fulton St., near Larkin.
! 1IME. WOREX.L, late from Washington: trance
j medium.; private sittings, $1. £21 Mission st.
i CONSULT the gifted clairvoyant; 25c. 349H
j Minna st., near Fifth.
! MME. ZERFDA. the gypsy. Is the great palm-
i 1st and card reader; 25c. 7 Seventh; no sign.
j MME. AUGUST, .clairvoyant, card reader and
1 palmistry; truth or no pay; 2.'wj. 1143 Mission.
i MME. HANSON, palmistry, card reader: past,
[ present, future. 25c. 14S Sixth St., room 14.
MRS. E. M. DUVALL. clairvoyant and healer,
diagnoses diseases. 425 Golden iGate ave.
I CLAIRVOYANT, trance, business medium, card
I reader. 25c up. 823 Mission St.. nr. 4th; no sign.
i MRS. MELVILLE, well-known clairvoyant, w».
I ter reader, moved to 11 Sixth; German spoken.
MME. SCHAFFER. clairvoyant, card reader;
sittings dally. 212*4 Sixth St.
MME. RAVENNA read* life fluently; business
advice; names given; 25c up. 6 Fourth at,
J CAnPET nEATIXG ANIi CLEANING.
i WHEN you become disgusted with poor work
Bend to SPAULDING'S Pioneer Carpet-Beat-
I ing Works. 353-357 Tehama St.; tel. South 40.
; CARPETS cleaned at 3c per yard, laid at 5<j.
j STRATTON'S. 3 Eighth Bt.: tel. Jessie 944.
I J. E. MITCHELL Carpet-Beating and Reno-
vating Co., 240 Fourteenth Bt.; tel. Mission 74.
CITY Steam Carpet-Beating Works, G. H.
STEVENS, mgr.. J8-4O Sth St.; tel. South 25a
ADVANCE Carpet Cleaning Co.. 402 Sutter Bt. ;
tel. Main 294. GEO. WALCOM. proprietor.
CONKLIN'S Carpet-Beating Works. 333 Golden
Gate ave.: telephone East 126. . -
CHIROPODISTS.
BUNIONS, ingrown nails, corns, absolute cure,
putnless: consult'n free. Dr.Duncan.415 Sutter.
COLLECTION OFFICES. ,
GEORGE W. KELLTS Agency— No charge un-
less 1 uccessful. Room 310. 927 Market it
AT the "ELECTRO-DENTAL CLlVlC. 809 Mar-
ket at., cor. 4th., nn. 7,. Flood bldg., you can
have your extractions done painlessly; teeth
without plates our specialty; gold crowns,
|3 U up; plates, extractions free, $4 SO up; of-
lice hours, 9 a. ro. to 10 p. m. ; Sundays, 9 to 2
p. m. G. W. WILLIAMSON. M. D., Manager.
EIGHT prizes for best crowns, plates, bridges
and filling*; extractions or fillings by my won-
derful secret, painless method; 20 years' ex-
perience; no students; advice free; prices
cheapest and guarahteed; lady attendant*.
DR. GEORGE W. LEEK, 20 O'Farrell at.
A NEW plate, the unbreakable Rose Pearl,
warranted for 20 yearn; crowns and bridge-
work teeth without a plate; fillings, &0c;
crowns, $3 60; plates, fullaet, $5 00; all work
painless and warranted. Chicago Dental Par-
lors. 24 Sixth st. .
"MAIN Office" New York Dental Parlors, 1019
Market St., bet. Sixth and Seventh. Consult
us en crowns and bridges. Teeth extracted
positively and absolutely without pain.
TEETH extracted free; plates. $5; crowns, $3 50;
I bride-" work. $5; all the latest methods for
j ' painless dentistry; hours, 9 a. ra. to 9 p. m.
Modern Dental Parlors, 1206 Market, cor. G. G.
DR. LUDLUM HILL, 1443 Market, nr. Eleventh
— No charge for extracting when plates are
made; old plates made over like new; teeth
from $S per set; extracting, E0c;gas given.
I DR. WALSfl, 815% Geary, nr. Larkin— Painless
extraction 50c; plates $5 up; Tel. Polk 1133.
LOWEST prices In S. F. ; painless extraction,
50c. New York Dentists, 9C9 Mission, cor. 6th.
PARIS Dental Parlor. 233 Kearny, cor. BuA—
Full get of teeth. $4; crowns. $3; fillings. 25c.
VAN VROOM — "Painless"; evenincs and Sun-
days. 1001 Market at., corner Sixth.
SET of teeth without plate. DR. H. Q.
YOUNG. Ig41 Polk st. . . " -
CHEAPEST and best In America— The Weekly
Call, 1$ pages, sent to any address in the
UnltM Statew nr Canada one year for $1.
DOC HOSPITALS.
DR. BUZARD'S Dog Hospital, Post. Flllmore—
Advice and medicine, 75c; city visits, $1 60; all
animals treated; dogs boarded. Tel. West 636.
DR. Creely*s C. P. mange cure and worm pills,'
by druggists or at hospital, 610 Golden Gate av.
DRESSMAKERS AND SEAMSTRESSES
ACCORDION pleating factory; all kinds pleat-
lng. pinking. 121 Post, overO'Connor&Moffatt.
McDowell Dressmaking and Millinery School;
private class; patterns cut. 1019 Market at.
S. F. Dressmaking, Ladies' Tailoring and Mll-
llnery School; French system. 411 Van Ness.
EDUCATIONAL.
AYRES* Business College. 723 Market St.; day
and evening; Individual Instruction. $S per
month; life scholarship, $50; bookkeeping,
shorthand, telegraphy, etc. ; Just added 2o new
typewriters; commercial department enlarged
and is the begf in S. F. ; catalogue free.
GALLAOHER-MARSH College, Parrott Bldg.—
Shorthand, typing and bookkeeping; Robert F.
Gallagher, expert court reporter, teacher of
I shorthand \reportorial phrasing taught; prac-
tlcal bookkeeping; full course. $50; catalogue.
HEALD'S BUSINESS COLLEGE, 24 Post St..
* S. F.— Bookkeeping, shnrthand, typing, lan-
guages, telegraphy, English branches, civil,
electrical and mining engineering, etc.; day
and night sessions ; new SO-page catalogue tree.
HOOVER School of Physical Culture, including
Ralston system, Scottish Hall, 107 Larkin St.;
classes every Mon., Wed. and Frl. at 3; also
Frl. eve'gs. 8. Prof. Wm. J. O'Brien, in-
structor, graduate Hoover College of P. C.
A— THE LYCEUM, an accredited preparatory
school for the university, law and medical
colleges: references. President Jordan or any
Stanford professor. Phelan building.
1 SPANISH classes day and evening. 303 Larkin
St., cor. McAllister; four lessons a week. $3 a
month; also private. PROF. F. M. VIZCAINO.
BOOKKEEPING, free trial; private lessons; 8
mos. in college not equal to 8 wks. with me;
J23. TARR. expert accnt.. 220 Parrott bldg.
MISS M. G. BARRETT, Shorthand Academy:
lessons by mail; acknowledged by official re-
porters best teacher, best system. 302 Montgy.
ALL students but two taking full course this
year got positions. SAN FRANCISCO BUSI-
NESS COLLEGE. 1236 Market st.
ENGINEERING, civil, elec, mining, mech. sur-
vey. ai=say, cyanide, arch. : day, eve. ; est. 1S64.
VAN PER N "LLEN SCHOOL. 933 Market.
SUPERIOR violin, zither, guitar, banjo, man-
dolin l«asons. COc. W. P. CHAMBERS, 204
Sutter st.
SPANISH school, new quarters, room 42. fourth
floor. Parrot bldg.: 4 to 9 p. in. Miss Ealcido.
MR. and MRS. D. MANSFIELD; music studio;
violin, guitar, mandolin, banjo. 1836 Eddy st.
ILLUSTRATION— PARTINGTON'S DAY and
ILLUSTRATION— Night Class. 424 Pine St.
FHENCH.Spanish.etc.Prof.DeFtlippe'sAcademy
of Languages,320Post;eRtab'dlS71; ablest profs.
CALIFORNIA Business College is again en-
larging quarters. Come see us, 305 Larkin st.
MUNSON School Shorthand. Typing. Bookkeep-
ing. Spanish. 137 Mont'y. E. M. Carpenter, pr.
ARITHMETIC, bookkeeping, grammar, writing.
etc., day or eve. ; $5 mo. 1024 Mission, nr. 6th.
A WEEK'S newsfor 5 cents. The Weekly Call,
16 pages. In wrapper, for mailing. $1 per year.
KMPLOVM£.\T OFFICES.
A— JAPANESE and Chinese employment con-
tractor; estab. over 10 years; all kinds help.
421 Post st.. near Powell: Telephone Bush 135.
FRED WAMATS, Japanese. Chinese contractor;
emp. office. 544 California; tel. James 26^1.
RELIABLE Japanese-Chinese employment of-
fice; all kinds help. 315 Stockton: Main 51S8.
JAPANESE Housecleaning Co.— Walters, cooks.
; dishwashers; est. 1890. 102« Oak; tel. Page 547.
', UNION Japanese-Chinese emp. office— Best help
1 furn.: domestic* serv. 417 Powell; tel. Bush 376.
ORPHEUM Employment Office — Japanese. Chi-
nese help. 42(i Powell.nr.Sutter; tel. Black 5072.
JAPANESE and Chinese Employment Office;
best help furn. Tel. John 2121. S06H Stockton.
CHINESE and Japanese Employment Office—
Best help. 411H O'Farrell St.: tel. East 426.
EMPLOYMENT WAXTEI) — FEMALE.
A— FIRST-CLASS cook and helper desires a
situation hotel, institution or private family.
J. F. CROSETT & CO., 316 Sutter st.
WANTED— A place as working housekeeper or
cook for men: country pref. Box 22£8, Call.
SITUATION wanted by middle-aged German
lady as working housekeeper; no objection to
. children. Call 6S-76 Ellis .«t.. room S3. 9 to 12.
FIRST-CLASS cook wants situation; city or
country: good references; eood wages ex-
pected 33 Fifth St.
SITUATION wanted— A respectable woman
wishen a position as housekeeper with elderly
people, or work by day. Call at 619H Octavla.
A RESPECTABLE American woman with 3
little children to support d?*lres sewing of
any kind: would do store sewing; work neatly
and quickly done; reasonable. Call or address
MRS. M., 116 West Park st.. off 23d & Mission.
SWISS girl, 21 years old, wants position in San
Francisco with dressmaker; learned trade In
old country. Address IDA ZAHNER. Cal-
pella. Cal.
LADY wishes position aa companion in family
and assist with light housework; $2 25 a
week. Box 2269, Call.
A MIDDLE-AGED Scandinavian woman wishes
situation: Is good plain cook and all-round
housework cr: no objection to washing; small
family. Address box 22i6, Call.
COMPETENT infant's nurse, German Protest-
ant, desires position; references. Address W.
K., 5 Ewlng place, off Laguna, near Sutter.
WANTED by young lady, position as cashier
In rextanrant. Address box 2773, Call.
COMPETENT woman wishes situation as cook
or working housekeeper in small family; no
postals. Call Monday at 767 Harrison st.
COMPETENT etenographer and typewriter,
who id- also an experienced bookkeeper, is
open for engagement; references. Box 2236,
Call office. .
RESPECTABLE woman wishes small unfur-
nished room In return for housework^ Ad-
dress box 2208, Call office.
LADY would take full charge of a small room-
lng-houEe for 2 or 3 unfurnished rooms and
a small compensation. M. V., 135A Sixth st.
COMPETENT young lady would like position
in some office or as cashier; familiar with
Remington typewriter and good. copyist; best
of references furnished. Box 2234. Call office.
EASTERN woman wishes work by the day
washing or cleaning. 573 Minna St., near
Seventh.
GERMAN girl desires situation as eood cook
In a private American family. Call at 423
Sixth st^
LADY would like the care of 1 or 2 children.
Box 4705. Call office.
YOUNG woman would like position at ladles"
tailoring or dressmaking; references. 2045
Mission st.
GERMAN governess wishes country position;
experienced teacher; thorough musician;
classics and best modern works; piano, voice
culture, German, English, literature, dancing;
reference. Box 27S1, Call office.
SMART girl, willing to learn to be a medium;
willing to travel with a professional man.
Box 470C. Call office.
ARTISTIC dressmaker would like engagements
by the day, $1 60; will take work home; per-
fect fit guaranteed. Address 23S Ellis st.,
"furriers."
ELDERLY American woman will go out aa
housekeeper, cooking, washing and taking
cere of children; references given; wages $10
to $15; no postals. 250 Tehama St. ' .
SWEDISH girl, first-class cook, wishes sltua-
tlon in American family in city: wages $30
to $25. Address box 2260, Call office.
RELIABLE young lady desires a position aa
lady's nurre; terms reasonable. . Address SV6
Golden Gate ave.
NURSE girl desires a position; can furnish
city references. Box 1S45, Call.
COMPETENT woman jvlshes work by the day
house, window or office cleaning. Call or ad-
dress L. ANDERSON. 1202 Mission St., room 3.
WINCHESTER House. 44 Third St., near Mar-
ket— 200 rooms; 25c to $1 £0 night, $1 60 to $6
week; convenient, and respectable; free 'bus
and baggage to and from ferry.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office, 2200 Flllmore st.
A- BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 103S
Valencia St.' - '
EMPLOYMENT WASTED — MALE.
QUARTZ miner, good . tlmberman and tool
1 - dresser ; wants work; references given; will
go anywhere if wages satisfactory. Box 3791.
Call office. . . . -
"ENGLISH coachman and gardener; first-class
driver; competent in every respect; sober and
reliable: can' furnish best of city reference.
Bex- 2284, Call. ¦ ¦ .'•¦-¦
COOK wants work; a good, careful cook; or
.-.woulrV go as second cook. T. SMITH, 318
Minna st. -.-¦¦¦
YOUNG man attending Affiliated Colleges d«-
sires a place in a drug store in the after-
noon. P. H. L., 1011 Mason at.
SINGLE man, willing to work, would like a
steady Job. Box 2273, Call. __,
WANTED— Position as bartender. Address B..
..-; S23tf . Mission Et. . .
OPEN for employment: -engineer and washer.
Address C. H-. 3121 Sixteenth at.
BAKER— A good cake baker wants steady Job;
bakery or restaurant. 1 Address 245 Eighth Bt.,
.. top flat. „
A PROTOGRAPHER desires position In a~gaT
lery. HARVEY, Y. M. C. A., San Francisco.
EMPLOYMENT WAXTED^- MAJLE.^
COACHMAN wants employment; good refer-
ences; thoroughly competent. Address box
37S5. Call office. . .
MAN and wife want work; wife good cook;
man to do chores; city or country. Box 4405,
Call.
WANTED by a young man. a position in a
wholesale house tr store. Box 2300. Call.
A GOOD wagon and sign writer wants a per-
manent position In city or country. Box
2772. Call.
EMPLOYMENT by young man: willing to
work and make himself generally useful in
. any capacity. Box 2295. Call office.
YOUNG man of good habits wishes a position
as valet or care of Invalid; city references.
Box ,2223, Call office. '
COACHMAN who is thorough horseman, good
driver, sober and reliable, wants situation;
can milk or care for small garden ir re-
quired; good references. Box 4703. Call office.
SINGLE man, sober and Industrious, with good
knowledge of stock raising nnd general farm-
ing, also the care of deciduous and citnn fruit
trees, wants to take charge of grazing or
small fruit ranch; good references. Address
L. C. 415 Powell st.
GENTLEMAN deflres position on or manage-
ment of ranch; well up In fruit, grain and
ranch work In general; would, go any ois-
; tance from city or State: compensation mod-
erate. Box 37S8. Call office.
YOUNG man would like position at mine; un-
derstands gold, silver, copper and lead aasay-
Ing. W. B. DAVIS. 2509 Larkln st.
WANTED— Position; -young man; understands
care of horses, driving, milk cows or ranch
work; Catholic family preferred. Address
Chicago House, C12 Howard St.. room 17.
STEADY, reliable Scandinavian wishes work;
city or country: Is very handy with tools;
also a good bedmaker and porter. Address
L. OLSEN. 631 Sacramento st.
FIRST-CLASS carriage painter, striper and
finisher wantn position in country: steady
man. Box 5789. Call office.
COACHMAN and man of all work wants Pl&r*:
single- go anywhere; best references. Ad-
drees box 2254. Call office.
COACHMAN— Situation wanted by sober, in-
dustrious man; thoroughly competent. tAJ
AUSTIN, Menlo Park, Cal.
JAPANESE young boy who speaks English
wants to wait at table as school boy. Aa-
dress K. S. K.. 132S Pine st. !
JAPANESE tailor wants position in family to
do general needle work as a school boy. Ad-
dress O. K.. 1329 Pine st.
A JAPANESE boy wants housework and go to
evening school. Address 239 O'Farrell St.
WANTED— Position aa practical nurse: re-
fpectable and strictly sober. Box 2264, Call.
MAN and wife v.-nnts place; man good cook,
wife all-round help; boarding-house, camp or
Institution: city or country. A. R.. 638 Jessie
st., off Seventh. ___^____
YOUNG man, fair writer, who understands
bookkeeping, desires position when* reliabil-
ity and trustworthiness would be recom-
mendations; reference: security. Box 2230,
Call office. __
HARDWARE salesman of 6 years' -experience
desires position in city or country; first-class
references. Box 2244. Call office. .
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 109t>
Valencia st. |
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received nt Call branch office. 2200 Fillmore.
EXCIIANGJ-^
TO exchange— A ?:C0 watch for a fine buggy.
F> " r ° lk st -
_XFI2KT OPTIC1AXS.
EYES examined free; spectacles properly ad-
Justea. N. Manasse. oculist optician. 910 Mkt.
FINANCIAL.
A LIMITED number of shares at $1 per share
In an Incorporated company, pnyinp; dividends
of 2 per cent per month on capital Invested.
C. F. MOORE, 935 Market St., room 6.
INVEST your money In manufacturing; safe,
profitable- $200 lowest amount accepted: com-
pany organizing; 6 % guarantd. Box 2250. Call.
WANTED— Loan $500 for G months, $;.O premi-
um: second mortgage; city property. Box
2232, Call office.
IF you have stocks or bonds of any kind for
Bale, call or address PACIFIC COAST UN-
DER W R1TING CO., 504 Parrott building.
WANTED— $20,000 at 7 per cent of first mort-
gace. Box 2223. Call office.
FLATS TO LET.
100 FLATS AND HOUSES TO RENT.
9 r f . im Ellis $6015 r . f.. 1711 Mason. .$15
9 r f 1">15 Hyde 47|4 r. I.. S04 Buchanan S
7 r. f., 219 Poik 2715 r. c, 631 Jersey.... 11
5 r. f., 641 Fulton.... 234 r. f.. 919 Vallejo.. 10
Flats wanted. A. M. SPECK & CO.. 667 Mkt.
FLAT of 5 rooms and bath. 981 Harrison St.,
near Sixth. ; _____
IF' you want to move get printed list flats to let
from BALDWIN & HOWELL, 10 Montgomery.
LOWER flat, 4 sunny rooms: wash trays; yard;
2 car lines; rent S10. 438 Elizabeth, near Noe.
LOWEIt flat of 4 rooms and bath; modern im-
provements. 3412 Twentieth St., corner Capp.
MODERN six-room flat /or sale;, rent low.
Apply at 1529 Howard st.
SUNNY desirable flats. Oak and Laguna sta. :
7, 8 and 9 rooms; rent reasonable • Apply
MADISON & BURKE. ,
SUNNY bay-window flat of 6 rooms and bath;
rent ?20 per month. 3307 Twenty-first St..
corner Valencia,
TO let— Flat of 4 larc<» rooms, bath and laun-
dry: Mission Warm Belt. 347 Liberty St.
$1S — FLAT 4 rooms nnd bath; north of Market;
hralthy place; no children. BASILE, 3 Eddy.
r_AT_- TO LET — FUKMSII-JJ.
FF.LL, 111 — Four nicely furnished rooms; lath;
sunny yard.
FUIIXITUUG FOR SALE.
FOR sale — Furniture of S-room flat. 510 Bran-
nan st. Call before 12 m. or after 3 n. m.
4 ROOMS furnished In oak for Hi 50. with No. 7
range. King Furniture Co.. 1127-1131 Market.
FORXITDUK WANTKU. ,
CHAS. LEVY buys your furniture, carpets,
pianos, etc. 1135 Market St.; tel. Jessie 761.
A. WOLLPERT. 773 Minsion-.it.. pays hlchest
price for second-hand furniture; tel. Red 1334.
ALWAYS 'phone John 1041 before selling your
furniture. Standard Furn. Co., 745 MisBlon.
Auctioneer — L.Vincent. 1305 Larkln: tel. Polk i.94;
furniture & furn'd houses bought; spot cash.
W. E. CODY (late with J. T. Terry & Co.), bu>'s
furniture, carpets. 737 Mission; tel. Red 3333.
HELP AVAKTED-FKUALB.
C. R. HANSEN & CO Phone Grant 1S5
HOTEL DEPARTMENT.
Head waitress, $23. city; waitress, Fresno,
$25: waitress. Winnemucca, Nev., $15; wait-
ress. Gait. $20; 2 waitresses, Santa Fe, $20; 3
waitresses, Arizona, $20, see party here Mon-
day at. 2 p. m. ; 2 waitresses, Portervlll'e, $20;
2 waitresses, city, $20; chambermaids, to wait,
city, Martinez and Madera, $20 each; restau-
rant-waitress. $3 week: 2 cooks. J30 and $32 50.
-FAMILY DEPARTMENT.
Working housekeeper. $20, see party here;
house girl, Martinez, $20; house girl. Redwood
City, $20; Invalid's nurse, $23; 5 cooks, city
and country, $30; house girla, second girls,
nurse girls, city and country. C. R. HAN-
SEN & CO., 104 Geary st. ,j
A— NOTICE— 12 house girls for very choice
places In small American families. C. R.
HANSEN & CO., 104 Geary st.
A WOMAN capable of manufacturing Infants'
and children's headwear; must be first-class
designer; good salary and permanent posi-
tion; etate full particulars. Z. & Co., box
22J9, Call office. ¦ ¦
EXPERIENCED operators on muslin under-
wear; also a presser. BAUER BROS. & CO.,
21 Sansome st. .
A GIRL to learn threading needles for Swiss
embrotding machines. M. KRAKER. 226
"Bush st.
YOUNG girl 12 or 13 to help In family of 3
adults. 911 Stelner at.
WANTED — Girl to do general housework; 3 In
family; wages $20. 1244 California st.
GIRL, assist housework and plain cooking;
email family. Call Monday at 312 Flllmore gt.
COMPETENT German or Swedish girl; general
housework > and cooking: American family.
Coll: Monday morning at 713 Cole, nr. Waller.
EXPERIENCED cook In private family
wanted. 2213 8cott at.
FIRST-CLASS sklrtmakers and apprentices
wanted. BOWHAY. 516 Sutter St.
WANTED— Good hands on dressmaking. Call
at 782 Geary st.
¦WANTED — A ¦ reliable young i girl for light
housework. 7S2 Geary st.
WANTED— A nurse girl; wages $10; call be-
tween 10 and 12. 3342 Clay st.
GOOD trimmer and saleslady wanted. MRS.
S.THOMAS. 114 t Grant ave.
GIRL for cooking and housework; 2 in family;
with references. ;2u99 Howard st. . . . ,-.. •
GIRLS wanted In pickle works. 433 Seventh
street.
HELP I WAWTED-fEMAlB. •
WANTED— First-class talloresa. Apply to-day
from 9 to 12. 220 Sutter St.. room 19. .
YOUNG girl for housework, no heavy work.
$20; references. 720 Bay St.. near Hyde.
REFINED Catholic housekeeper; m ust under-
stand care of girl 5 years; wages $12. 4«
Mint ave.
GIRL for light housework; no washing; wages
$10. ¦ 3324 Army at. . .
A— GERMAN girl for light housework, care
one child. Call 531 O'Farrell St.. to-day.
PAPER box factory. 10 experienced girls.
WEMPE BROS.. 127 Mission St., cor. Main.
WANTED— Experienced finishers: also glrla 1 to
sew buttons on shirts. EAGLESON 4 CO..
535 Market at.
WANTED— Experienced necktie makers. EA-
GLESON - CO.. 535 Market st.
WANTED— Number of second girls, cooks and
nurses. MRS. CATTELL. 625 Sth St.. Oakland.
OPERATORS on custom vests; good pay;
steady work. 541 Market et.
A FIRST-CLASS finisher on ladies' tailoring;
none others need apply. 824 Post at.
WANTED— A girl for light housework: plain
cooking; no washing or baking. 2803 24th st.
WANTED— A good trimmer and maker; also
apprentice. DINAN. 24 Kearny st.
LADY stenographer, law office, $25; lady own-
ing machine preferred. Address box 4707. Call.
WANTED— Girls experienced In pasting labels;
good wages; steady employment. Box 4406,
Call office.
PRACTICAL woman wanted; aoma business
exserienc*; to travel for wholesale house.
Box 4708. Call office.
WANTED— Girl to assist in light housework;
sleep home. 704 Buchanan at., near Hayes.
McDOWELL Dressmaking and Millinery School
again takes lead, receiving first award for our
system at Paris Exposition over all French
systems, giving it the enviable position of
first system of the world; millinery course un-
surpassed; Pratt system of N. Y. taught un-
der competent instructor. McDOW ELL B.
1019 Market St.
WANTED— A lady of experlenca and refine-
ment, to assist in light housework, who can
glvo personal interest and motherly compan-
ionship to a young married woman. Address
D. J. S.. 132 McAllister St.
WANTED— Danish, German or Swtdlsh girl
for general housework; good wages: no wash-
¦ Ing. Call between 1 and S at 1126 Hyde tt.
FIRST-CLASS lady corset solicitors; excellent
garment; salary or commission. Address box
2267. Call office.
OPERATORS on waists and wrappers. NEW-
BAUER BROS.. 18 First St.
EGPERIENCED finishers and apprentices on
pants. E. H. LEVY. 613 Market at.
WANTED— Women and girls to work on toma-
t:es, canning and preparing; highest wages
paid: steady work; prizes for quick work.
Apply Immediately to U. S. FRUIT PACK-
ING CO., Harrison ave., between Seventh and
Eighth ets., off Folsom.
APPRENTICES on overalls. STANDARD
SHIRT FACTORY, cor. Gough and Grove ats.
GIRLS to rivet overalls, also sewing machine
operators, at Levi Strauss & Co.'s factory,
3214 Fremont at.; no experience necessary;
good wages. Apply to MR. DAVIS.
A LADY of indomitable energy possessed of
eelf -assertion; good opportunity to rlgh» party.
F. PERSON, room 412 Parrott building.
COMPETENT mlddle-asred woman to do gen-
eral housework in family of 2; short distance
from city; answer, giving wages expected and
references. Box 2246, Call office.
WANTED— Sober, strong woman for general
houseivcrk. Apply £26 Harrison St.. near
First.
SHIRT and overall operators. Apply HEYNE-
MANN & CO.. 410 Mission st.
TEN experienced waist and skirt hands at
rooms 124 and 134. Spring Valley building.
GIRL wanted for cooking and general house-
work; wages $20. Apply at 1025 Devlsadero.
WANTED— A young German girl for general
housework: $15. 83S^i Harrison st.
WANTED- An apprentice to learn dressmak-
ing. Apply 710 Polk at.
FIRST-CLASS finisher on coats; also appren-
tice: steady work. Call WM. T. VALEX-
m TINE. 354 Geary st.
WANTED— Women and girls to work on fruit.
1731 Folsom at., between 13th and 14th.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Flllmore Bt.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096 Va-
lencia st.
HELP WAH'EU MALE,
AT C. R. HANSEN & CO.'S 104 Geary st.
Free Fare R. R. Work Free Fare
100 teamsters and laborers. State of Nevada.
$2 a day
ICO laborers for S. P. Co.. on different divi-
sions, regular wages
Fee $1 Ship Daily Free Fare
20 laborers for S. P. Co.'s own work at Surf,
Santa Earbara Co., regular wages, free fare..
10 laborers to build a bn; dam, $2 SO a day.
half fare advanced, ship Monday
6 railroad carpenters, $3 a day, free fare; 10
swampers for the wood3, $35 and board, half
fare advanced; 2 laborers for a mine, $30 and
board v
HOTEL DEPARTMENT j
¦ Secortd cook, country hotel, $60; second cook. !
country hotel, $40; third cook for mine, $3o; i
dishwasher for mine, $30; pantryman for ho-
tel, Nevada, $10, f are advanced ; 3 hotel waiters,
country. $30 and $25; bellboy, city. $15; ele-
vator boy, city, *2<>: bellboy, country hotel,
$12 50. C. R. HANSEN & CO., 104 Oeary st.
MECHANICS— All non-union mechanics, such
as carpenters, painters, plumbers and other
craftBmen wanting work at their trader are
. requested to register at the Mechanics' Regis-
tration Bureau, 410 Kearny St., .room 9; no
charges or office fees.
2 CARPENTERS, Oakland; 4 bench hands,
planing mill, city; 1 bench hand, Oakland: 4
carpenters, city: cabinet-makers, at Mechan-
ics' Registration Bureau. 410 Kearny st- : no
charges.
BARBERS' Progressive Union— Free employ-
ment. H. Bernard. Sec. 104 7th; tel. Jessie 152.
$]2 STRAIGHT bona fide weekly salary direct
from office; expenses extra commissions; cap-
able men, women to represent us appointing
agents; promotion and Increase salary; new
lines. Butler & Alger, New Haven, Conn.
ACTIVE man, by established house worth
$250,000: duties, hiring help: liberal salary and
expenses advanced to right party. Address
WILLIAM J. UHL, manager, "23 Chestnut at.
Philadelphia, Pa.
WANTED — A steady, well educated young man.
healthy and active, and with good references,
to learn the poultry business; liberal Induce-
ments and a permanent place if satisfactory.
Santa Teresa Poultry Farm. Edenvale, Cal.
GOOD helper In wagon factory; steady work.
630 Broadway.
ERRAND boy; well recommended. S35 Va-
lencla st. V
EXPERIENCED men to handle the sale of
stock; steady employment. Box 2270. Call.
4 EXPERIENCED coal miners. Apply room
904, Call building, bet. 11 and 12 a. m... Monday.
FIRST-CLAPS cabinet-makers: union men.
FINK & SCHINDLER. 1209 Market Bt.
TRAVELING salesman wanted to carry glovef
as side line. Address box 22S2, Call office.
WANTED — Young German man. 3066 Twenty-
fifth St.; call Sunday. J. HUSCHLER.
WANTED— Retail salesman familiar with gro-
,cery or crockery business. Box 2289. Call.
WANTED— Four rubble stone masons at First
and E sts., San Rafael. Maiin County. E
SCHWIESAN. •-
EXPERIENCED man for Colt"" armory cut-
tlng and creasing paper box machine; make
ready and feed. 16 Fremont st.
FEEDERS for Job presses and cylinder. IS
Fremont at.
BOY wanted; $4 per week., 212 O'Farrell at.
GOOD-SIZED errand boy about 15; $3 per week
Monday. 543 California st. .
WANTED— Office boy 16 years of age; must
write good, clear hand and be bright, quick
and clean. Address box 4404. Call office.
WANTED— Press boy for paper can factory
Apply at 434 Jackson at.
EXPERIENCED butcher. Call at J035 Sacra-
mento at.. Monday, between 1 and 1 p. m.
SALESMEN earn $3000 a year; liberal salary
to begin; first-class references required Box
170. Minneapolis, Minn. "*"'""• -box
MAN to sell to baking and hotel trad« on com-
mission; no competition; exceptional oppor-
tunity. Box 2774, Call. rv~.
MAN to sell electric lamps; large commission.
' Sox 4(01, - Cull. • -• 1 * •
WANTED— A^ tailor at 520 Kearny st.. first
¦i floor, room 1 ; steady place.
MEN of good appearance and push; good Dron-
osltlon; 5 and 8 p..m. 413 I— rkla st. -
, WANTED— Errand boy. 766 Geary «V ~
HELP WASTED— MALE.
A-MURRAY & READY... .PHONE MAIN 5843
..Leading Employment and Labor Ageent*..,
WANT AT 7 A. M. MONDAY
FREE.. ..WE SHIP EVERYBODY FRE3
...To all parts of California, Utah. Nevada...
NUMBER. WANTED AT. WAGE3.
13+— Nevada. Truckee. Lake View... $41 and fd
16— Los Angeles. Santa. Barbara. $2 day
at— Redding. Shasta, Fresno $1 90 day
:11S— Surf. Soda Springs. Salt Lake *3 <_y
•4— Dlxon, Elmira and Ba_ersfleld....$l 70 day
1C— For nineteen different divisions K day
FREE FARE OFFICE FEE ONLY U
MURRAY & READY.
634-638 Clay st.
A— CARPENTERS.. ..R. R. Work....Frea Far*
Steel bridge men Free fax»
Harness-maker, ranch $55 and found
Blacksmith helpers 13 day, $10 -week
Boys for machlna and boiler shops
ID lumber pliers, north J59
150 teamsters and laborers, city and country.
$1 75 to $3 23 a day ,
10 scraper teamsters $40 and found
43 farm, orchard and vineyard hands, $3S and
$30 and found
15 milkers, choremen. etc.. $13 to $35 aad found
Farmers and wives Vegetable gardeners
It ranch teamsters £S to $35 and found
25 drillers Wheel-rs Brick setters
Stablemen, hostlers and buggy-waahers
Stenographer and typewriter, country -
Stableman, vineyard company.. $30 and found
FRUIT PICKERS 109
men and boys to pick fruit aad grapes, woric
in packing-houses, etc $30 and found
' MURRAY & READY. t34-«38 Clay St.
A— 3 WAITERS, mlno boardlngr-hOT_e.$20 and fd
Second and third cooks, mine
$40 aad $3S^Lnd found
Camp cook, near city $40 and found
Cooks, city and country hotels, restaurants.
boarding-houses, etc $40 to $50 and found
Polishers, washers and searchers. $30. $35 _ fd
Baker, country shop; second hand and boy far
bakeshop Nurse, $3S
Butchers Handy man for printing offlca
Walters, dishwashers, etc Ranch cooks
MX'RRAY & READY. 634-636 Clay st.
MEN wanted for the United States Navy-
Machinists, first-class, ago 21 to 33. pay per
month. $35; machinists, second class, ago 21
to 85, pay p«r month.- $40; electricians, third
class, aga 21 to S5. pay per month, $30; ship-
wrights (carpenters), age 21 to 13, pay p«r
month. $_; seamen, age 21 to 35. pay per
month, $24; ordinary seamen, age 13 to 30.
pay per month $19; landsmen. ag» 19 to 25.
pay per month $16; apprentices, third das*.
ag» 13 to 17, pay per month $3. All candi-
dates for enlistment must pass a physical ex-
amination showing them to b« fre« from d!j-
cuallfying ailments. Machinists must pass
an examination showing them to b« ma-
chinists by trade. Electricians must pass a-
practlcal examination in electricity, espec-
ially on the handling of electrical machln"».
Shipwrights must b« carpenters by trad*.
Seamen and ordinary seamen must pasa an
examination In seamanship. Landsmen and
aDDrcntlces will be required to pass th«
nhysloal examination only. The term of en-
listment Is for four years. Should a man
re-enllst within a period of four months from
tha data of honorable discharge he win re~
celva a bonus of four months* pay and an
addition to his monthly pay of Jl 36 for each
re-enllstmont. Rations, medicines and medical
attendance are furnished gratis in addition to
pay. Privilege of retirement after thirty
years' servlca on three-cuarters of the pay
received at date- of retirement. It Is tha de-
sirs of the Navy Department to obtain •>
larga number of able-bodied Americans tor
the navy, *ho will bo given every oppor-
tunity for advancement as soon as they ar»
qualified for the hlyher ratings. The early
completion of a number of fine ships for th»
navy will make a largo Increase. In th» en-
listed force necessary, and this win causa a
corresponding large Increase In the number
of petty officers, who will be advanced from
th» lower ratings. Recruits who may b« ac-
cepted will be assigned to a U. S. war ves-
sel: apprentices to the naval tralninr sta-
tion. San Francisco. Cal. Applications should
b« made at the U. S. Naval Recruiting Ren-
dezvous, corner of Market and East streets.
San Francisco. Cal.
WANTED— Cash boya at RAPHAEt/S.
BOY wanted to learn harness making and car-
riage trimming; paid while learning. 713 Fol-
eom st.
WANTED — Good bakery wagon driver; must
have experience. 9UH Larktn st.
COLLECTOR, gentleman or lady: $15 -weekly
¦alary; references required. Box 37S7, Call.
TAILORS wanted for s>eat room; convenient.
8f>3 Montgomery st., third floor, room i.
WANTED — A youn? man to drive a furniture
wagon. Call 1310 Stockton St.
WANTED— Third hand on bread; wages JC3,
board and lodging. 2SCS Twenty-fourth st.
WANTED — Man. uprtsht character, to rr.anag-i
buslne?3 of established house: Jis per w«k and
expenses, paid weekly, from headquarters; ex-
pense money advanced; position permanent;
ref. Standard House. 3C1 Caxton bl.ifr.. Chgo.
BARBER shop for sale, in country town. »s-
tabllshed 30 years; a rare opportunity. For
full particulars apply at once to DECKEL-
MAN BROS.. 106 Ellis st.
GOVERNMENT positions — Don't prepar- for
postofflce or other civil service examination
without seeing catalojrue of Information; fr»e.
COLUMBIAN CORRESPONDENCE COL-
LEGE. Washington. D. G
CAPABLE man to travel & appoint agents;
$1000 yearly salary: permanent; promotion.
Bupt., Co-oprative Co., 356 Dearborn »t.. Chi-
cago.
A GENTLEMAN of indomitable energy and
push: good opportunity to right man. F
PERSON, room 4:2. Parrott bulldins.
WANTED— Two tailor*, a coatmaker aad a
pants and vest maker; steady Job. Addrest
W. H. WALKER. Bakersfleld. Cal.
V.* ANTED — A middle-aged man to tend bar;
experience and references required. Adq2v
454 Sixth it.
GET your shoes half soled while waiting; 2ic
to SOc. 5S2 Mission St.. bet. 1st and 2d sts.
BUSHELMAN wanted. Apply betwetn 10 and
11 a. m. to CHARLES LYONS, th* London
Tailor. 721 Market st.
GOOD woolen spinners. Call at ones BROWV
BROS. & CO.. 121 Sansome st.
FOR Seattle— First-class pantsinaker. Call 3 1 !)
Bush st.
WE want 10 honest, industrious men to solicit
In city and county: experience not necessary-
we teach you the business: goorl contracts for
sober men willinsr to work. White Sewln-
Machine Co.. 300 Post St.. cor. Stockton. *
MEN wanted to learn barber trade: only eight
weeks required: positions guaranteed; special
Inducement*: catalogufc and map of ctty fre«.
HOLER'S BARBER COLLEGE. 635 Clay st.
WANTED— Laborers and mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkln. Reno Kous* proprietor, »tlU
runs Denver House. 217 Third st. ; 150 'lars*
rooms: 25c per night: $1 to S2 per wwk.
ALL sizes men's shoes, slightly damaged, half
price. 562 Mission St.. bet. 1st and 2d sts.
10 MEN for merchant ships, all parts of t>-»
world. HERMAN. 2S Steu.art at.
STOLTZ, barber supplies, removed from. C3
Market (basement) to S3S Market at., upstairs,
UNDERPRESSERS wanted on coats, panta
and vesta. 641 Market st.
GENTLEMEN'S suits to order. $1 per week, at
cash prices. N. Y. Tailoring Co.. 113 Kearny.
SAILORS, ordinary seamen and green hands*
all carts of world HERMAN'S. 28 Steuart.
PENSIONS— GEO. D. CAMPBELL, lawyer. 14
years' practice; Examiner building.
LABORERS and drillers wanted at S27 Four-
teentli at., near Guerrero.
"WANTED — 100 men to take rooms. 10c, Uo and
20c. Boston House. 330 Howard st.
LINDELL House, corner Sixth and Howard-
Rooms. 15c to 25c night; 75o to $3 per week.
MEN and •women to leam barber trade. S. V
BARBER COLLEGE. 741 A Howard st.
WINCHESTER House. 41 Third st.. near Mar-
ket; 700 rooms. 25c night; reading- room: free.
'bus and batrsase to an! from the ferry.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
Kubscriptlons has been established at 1CDS
Valencia «t. .,:-¦:
HE MO R R II O I PS .
PILES— 300 cures business men in San Fran-
cisco; can be seen; no operation; no pain: par.
tlculars gent. .»d. Phvslflan. box 195i). Call.
HORSES, LIVE STOCK.. Utc Vor Sale
<0 HORSES for sale; also wagons, buggies,
carts, harness. Grand Arcade Horse Market)
S27 Sixth st.; auction sales every Weilneaday*
SULLIVAN & DOYLE. Auctioneers.
10 HEAD of driving and working hor«»« a*
TOMKINSON'S Stables. 57 Minna at.," be-
tween First and Second.
SVITS to order In" exchange for horses, buggl-i,-
anythlng of value. SKIFF. 336 1 ? Bush st. "
HOUSES TO LET.
A— PRINTED LIST II"U3e9toLet-^eml ""f o^eir*
cular. G. H. UMBSEN & CO.. 14 Montgomery.
ASH ave.. 220. bet. Van Ness ave. and Frank-
lin si— Flno 2-story sunny house; S roon<<»
and bath: modern improvements; rent $22 'a
Apply «23 Golden Gate ave.
HOUSE of 4 rooms, with stable, reasonable to
. right party; no children. 820^ Jessie, oil 9tr"
$12— HOUSE 5 rooms. 22C0 Twenty-seccnd s* "
near Valencia. •
LOST AXD FOUND.
LOST-Betweea InsrlesMo Park and Third and
LOST-A lady'a pin, a gold bar with a clover
leaf In center; diamond setting. Return Ttn , £
Pierce st.; liberal reward. "*"*"* to 4?
LOST— Very small dog; white, wttii yellow
Bpota. Return MM California «tTW_-cLV- THE SAN FRANCISCO ?CALL, SUNDAY, OCTOBER 7, 1900.
29
lost aad Fonarn.
LOST— A px-' sbo °k with The Hibernia Savings
and Loar. Society of San Francisco. In the
name of CHRISTINE C. NELSON, No. 204-
y lit. The f.cder will please return to b»"V
LOST— On I5ush or Kearny sts., a copy of
¦Sclcr.ce and Health." Return to 1940 Mason
Ft.; reward.
LOST-^A pass book with the Hibernia Savings
and Lo&n Society of Pan Francisco, in the
r.arr.e of NICHOLAS MURPHY. No. S7.143.
The Under will pleas« return to bank.
LOPT— r?rin«l!e ami white rveyhcund dog. Re-
turn to BL D. FALLON, Eighteenth and San
Bruno ave.; reward.
I^MILY eEGSWORTH. assistant to Dr. A. Bi
Wjllcox. scientific masseuse, room 40. st
Ar.r.'g bu::<?ir.i.-: hour«. 9 a. m. to 12:30.
UR. and MRS. DA VIES. 1T» Market— La dies'
specialists; Z2 r**nt practice; have treated
thousar.is of oat^s successfully: positive cure
tru-.rax.teed et office: ladies treated can return
home same dny; HINDO HERB home cure
«n>- one can us* Si: perfectly iuirmleas; home
*" T cor.f.n.-ment. stamps for circular.
MRS. DK. KOHL. Sv7 Market St.. cor Sixth;
reuab.e lad;es' epe C :a!iM; home treatment. $:.
safe and sure cure guaranteed: ladles treated
at of nee c«in return home the nne <3ay; prl-
121? h^«- '""fee and during confinement;
h*t-t medical <.are; hours. 8 a. m. to I i«. m.
1 '1\ C '-.^'- O-noXXEuTthe world-renowned
jadies EpeclaJist; safe and reliable; has prac-
ticed in San Fr»nc!n» ror years; treated thou-
""/ cf fa«e« successfully; treatment can be I
used at home; consultation Tree. After all i
c;her« fail call on him. 1C23H Market st.
t>RS. GOODWIN, weil-known ladies' specialists. !
n«ve returned fronj Europe; safe and reliable. |
cure Jo; have trr-ated thousands cf cases with ;
*v.cces?; 15 yeare' practice In S. F.: maternity i
home; luw fefs. KflTi, Market St.. near Sixlh.
Mr.S. t>R. WVETH, reliable er>ec!allst; 25 yr».' |
'T« ct *• ir - crn * in confinement; treatment at j
offlce. $5; any aflroeat; consultation free con- I
., r.'i*nt;al. S<2 P. yt ft., bet. Hy.le and Larkin. \
k N<; ICY KEE. Chines* dsctor: cures cor.sumjj- I
tlcn, cancer, cetarrh. etc.; all diseases treat-
ed: eend for test i menials; advice free. Sanl-
t&riura. 704 Sacramento St.. rr.mer Kearny.
STRICTLY private and secluded residence away
.•rora the public gaze, for the treatment of
women: conflnerr.»nt <-ase» taken. MRS. DR. I
rt'NKC 1416 Eichth et.. Alameda.
MR?. M. ALLKN, :0S0 Mark?t-La«les' special- I
•M: bfltjM In cor.Pr.f-ment : safe and reliable; I
consultation free; hours 10 to 8.
THE well-known DR. POPPER, celebrated fe-
male ereciahst: practical physician for 37
year*; alvays fi;creyyful. SIS Kearny ft.
DR. WIPE, the In^log' specialist. 1118 Market »t.
1'R- WOSfa HTM. herb doctor treats all dis-
__2^e» rt the hurran tv»dy. 115 Mason »t.
SIIXCS AAD 31I.MXG.
WA.VTKD-lmraodlatfJyr????!- nTtn^s worth
1200. OOO to t3"V\(W*. Sen<1 /Jetalln at once to be
c^nfiflered. E H HUNPAKKR. 6 Eddy st.
hHICKLUaJTBOCfl — FOR SALB.
TOILERS, entlnfs. Jd-hand machinery Mc^
_INTi>SH & WOLPMAN. 1S5-1S7 Fremont ft.
KAftS, back bars, rr.irror*, showcases, counters,
lincleum. Dew and second hand: we always
have a laree ttock of saloon outfits on har.i:
22 corr.pl^te outfits on our floor, ready made-
we ran Fhip everything In 14 hours. J.
NOONAX. 1017. ISO. 1021. 1C3 Mission «.,
S : above Sixth; write for catalogue.
APK to p«e the j:r solitaire diamond ring: ask I
to set the J15 solitaire diamond rins at I
TNCLK HARRIS'. U Grant ave.
. FOB SALE-: months' old Mastiff pups from
prize winnir.er stock. Apply C15 Santa Clara
v ave.. Alametfa.
A— J3 50 DERBY and Fe<Vra hats, fl 75. Pop-
uiar Price Hatterg. S30 Kearry st., near Pin*.
A—BDT5, fells or rents gear machinery, en-
trines. boilers, water pipe, shafting, pulleys.
etc. WHITELAW. H6 gpear st.
A -100 HORSEPOWER engine, boiler. 2-drill
air ccmrref?cr. JARDINE'S. KO Fremont st.
ETEEL TANKS. aM sires; suitable for water or i
oil: ch»ap: ail shapes: second hand. H. 6. !
A.HITE. i:<5 Mission Et.
F<~>I! sale— $;'. buys a l^-gauge Parker shotgun;
_* argaln. Apply Ticket Offlce. 10 Montgomery.
KOI: sale — A fc!a<~k cocker Fpanlel female; 3
jnonih« old. 43 A!i>ion a.v«.. near Fifteenth St.
KOI>AK films 3*i*3»4 developer! only 25c per
r<-.!l. Rerrirrandt Studio. E30 Market, cor. Stktn.
FOR s*le — Jersey cow; fresh, gentle. t3i Hearst I
ave., Punnyride.
FIRST-CLAES parrots for sale. 343 Brannan '
Jl r> lL_ !
FINE suit. J10: dress pants. S2 75. MISFIT
CLOTHING PARLORS. 4S7 M«nti?oiner>- n.
FOP. SALE— Cfcr-ap. JCS, il7~I>. steel range, in |
Eryt-class condition. "2t Sixth st.
BAFES— New and second hand. THE HER- !
MANN SAFE CO.. 417-4T3 Sacramento st
rORTAELE Tijrines. boilers; Iron mil trood |
I'laners. lathes; 2d hand. J. Burke. 133 B*ale. '
MAGIC labtcrns. new an<1 Id hand: moving !
pictures. BTLLARD & BRECK. 121 Post St. |
WILL rent fall iii»f« Tuxedo or Prin<?e Albert '
suits for $: :/.-. Portland Loan 0'nee, *s Stktn.
X&-TON Fi.'.r!>ar.kR era!* and fire and burglar
• pr^of Fafe. 2i€ CaMforr.fa et.
TD-HANI> ph->t«-.|rraphlc nr\-\ masric lantern out-
fits bouKbt. *<M. rschanceij. 309 Montgomery, j
C FIRST-CLASS second-hand modern engines and !
Rollers boupfct ar.d F r,!d. KHOGH Mfg. Co. !
S.\FES-N>w ard sec-.nd han-i: all sizes. THE
WALTZ SAFE. 1"'-T11 Market ft.. Ban Fran.
MISCELLANKOtS WA.M'l
WAJCTED— CprieW for cash. II. L. '
WHITKIIEAO. 171i. Market st. i
J.ADIES' and gentf cast-off clothing bought &. 1
told. BUvwraan. ?S4 Fotoon; tel. Folsom 1191. !
KLEIN' still pays b<*« price for clothing, eric- j
a-l'rar &nd iwk». 10? Sixth Ft.: tel. Jessie HI.
.MONEY TO LOAJT.
AA— BEST rates and easiest terms.
Second Mortgages ......••„
lni*-resi« ia Estates
Undivided Interests in R?al Estate. .....
Financial rroblems cf all sorts and itrti
solved by HERMAN MURPHY. €30 Market.
ANY amount at £ £«r cent; 1st. Id ».nd 21 znori-
gac*~. t;n<1i\-:d»»<i interest, real estate In pro-
bate. mcrtsae<» ar.l legacies bourht; no de-
lay; get my terms before doing liUMr.ess els«-
* where. R. McCOLGAN. 21 Montgomery, r. %.
ANT preposition, any amount; 6 per cert: flrst. |
in ertatps. legacies, corporation loans, chattel i
mortgages, life insurance. Room 16. first floor i
<"hror.id9 building. HALLOKAN & OLSEK.
HIGHLY reeiK-ctable private place to obtain j
liberal advances on diamonds, jewelry at low-
est rates. Ealdwln Jewelry Store. 84« Ma:»«i !
St.; tel. Main 1644. Branch IS Third st.
A— J.%00.000 ON City and country real estate an-i '
estates; chattel mortgages; notes and col- i
laterals. J. BROWNSTOXE. 11 Montgomery |
11OFT reliable place to borrow on diamond*.
watches. Jewelry. W. J. HESTHAL, 10 Sixth;
highest Trice for old goM. stiver, diamonds.
AT 1-H Kcarr.y St.. room ». respectable, privata
place to borrow on watches, diamonds; lowest
rate*: take elevator. Telephone Davis W5.
ANY arr.ount Y.y private party on furniture and
a pianos: rvo removal; lew rates: confidential.
w ' UO.VEIXI. SCI Jonea rt.. corner Eddy.
WHY pay rent? We loan money to build with,
Frr.all rnrnthjy payment*. HOME BUILDING
OOMPAKT. ?«i P&nsom* st.. room 1.
MONET to loan on furniture by private part> ;
lr>iv rate. S'7 Market rt.. room 1.
MONKY leaned salaried people without necurlty.
HILL. rrn. *4. Merchants' Ex.. 421 California.
ON furniture and pianos; no removal; confi-
dential: on diamonds, etc. 23 Taylor st.
MONKV to loan. THE McCARTHt COMPANY.
ttf. Market 1.
TO ealar:»d people without security: all busi-
t-5p for.fii]«>ntiai. Tousley Co.. S!l Parrott big
CASH loaned to salaried t*opl* on note without
* «a4or— t. MORRKLL. COS Examiner tmlidir.a.
ON* turniture. pianos, without removal; no com-
rri-elen: private. LICK. 116 McAllister St.
Id salaried people without collateral or In-
<W«»r. S. V n:«rnunt Arenry. 1«3 Phelan big.
MO .> K Y WASTE D.
WAN7KI>— To borrow $100 »t 12 per cent, for
one year: personal not*: by thoroughly re-
KaJftc gentlenian ho'.iinK good civil service
1-oriU'ir.: invite Investigation : wish to us*.
money ;:r:ni<><3j8tr-:y; pay cfT note equal
ri'-r.thly ii.ympr.ty. IW 2L'S7. Call office.
MiM<u, i \ writ I ' HK.<Tt.
DO not be misled by advertisements that ap-
pear to (Ttcr something for nothing: you can
ret the best pianos for the least mooey at
MALTA IS'. 7C» Market Et.
BKAUTIFT.'L Arlington pianos In mahotrany.
< ak or walnut for J300, on payments easy: you
ran errhange any piano you buy from us at
nr.y time for a Decker & Son. MAL'VAJS
MtrsiC CO.. 7S9 Market st.
THE MAUVAIS MUSIC fX). carry the cele-
brated Decker & S'.n, Packard and Arlington;
W. p«!ect frcm tht-He if you wish a satisfactory
Rrawe for jour trioney. Call or address 76»
Mark't rt.
S I.NTLKMAN poing to New York will sacrifice
Urge upright piano. 22* Golden Gate ax*
MrSICAL INSTRUMENTS.
ALL purchasers of pianos at SHERMAN
CLAY & CO.'S have the privilege of ex-
changing for a STEINWAY any time within
thr«« years and full purchase price allowed;
the best makers of every crade to select from;
beautiful new uprights $( cash, $8 per month,
some pood pianos for $3, $4 and $5 per month.
SHERMAN. CLAY & CO., STEINWAY
DE/LERS, corner Kearny and Sutter ets.,
Eas KranciFco; corner Broadway and Thir-
teenth sts.. Oakland.
A NICE piano for beginners $75
One a little better 86
One still better 100
Fine Hallet & Davis 135
Klngsbury. slightly used 190
Ea»y payments; Chlckerins. Vose, Sterling,
Curtar. and other pianos: sheet music and
everythirr In the music line. BENJ. CUR-
TAZ & SON. 16 O'Farrell at.
ABSOLUTELY the largest exclusive wholesale
•and retail niano house west cf Chicago.
SPECIAL THIS MONTH.
Bargains 1n all standard makes from $50 to
J35. Ae*nts for Hnllet & Davl*. Bo-ton's old-
est and most famous piano: also Behr Bros,
and U other makes. Pian-is rrnt; rsnt allowed
If purchased. HEINE PIANO CO.. 217 Geary.
ABSOLUTELY the oldest and largest house
w«st of Chlcaco in KOIILEK & CHASE'S, 26,
2$ and 30 O'Farrell st.: pianos, organs and
all ot^ior musical Instruments of all grades
and prlre*: terms easy; prices lowest: every-
thing possible done to please and satisfy the
customer.
ANY amount on furnlture.'planos, without re-
moval, or any other good security: payable
back in installments or as a whole; if you
owe a balance on the purchase price we will
l <iv it and carry the loan as long as you de-
sire: avoid red tar>e and publicity; see us
rlrst; you will be waited upon quietly and
quickly. Call C3-« Donohoe bldg., 1170 Market.
\YH have' too many pianos In our warerooms—
ten will be sold at great discounts; high
jrrarte: little money: we won't pay extra
storage. DEWING CO.. Flood building.
VIOLIN strings; never wet; best In the world;
marking and repairing of all kinds of musical
instruments. Carl C. Anderson. 417 Geary st.
A CLEANING out of planes for storage; dirt
cheap; installments. WILSON'S Storage. 1710
Market st.
AT KEEFFE'S. 933 Market st.. 4 elegant up-
rights at your own price. Phoninger agency.
A SQUARE piano for sale cheap: leaving city.
Call G. Robertson, 12SA Eighth, fruit store.
BEAUTIFUL new »400 upright, S pedals; will
«*1I for $150 or rent SI 69. 342 Kearny st.
A P.ARGAIN; must be sold: nice upright piano,
SCHMITZ. 16 McAllister Ft. next Hlb. Bank.
EE in the «wlm: rent a new piano for $3 per
month. BCOTT-CURTAZ CO.. 660 Hayes «t.
SOHMKR & CO., Byron Mauzy. Gabler. Spell-
m»n and other pianos. SOS Post st.
SUPERIOR violins, ilthers. old and new. H.
HULLER. maker, repairer. 2 Latham place.
REDUCTION sale; new pianos; $5 payments;
for rrnt. $2 up. BRUENN, 208 Post st.
HIGH-GRADE pianos: Steck. Hardman. Con-
over A others. W. B. ALLEN CO.. 314 Post.
CHEAPEST and beat In America— The Weekly
Call, 16 pages, rent to any address In the
United Statre or Canada one year for 81.
OPFICES AXD STOKES TO I,BT.
2 STORES on Harrison st.. with living-rooms
in rear; In complete order: partly furnished;
rent $1S. Inquire S36 Harrison et.
LARGE elegant store and basement: 993 Valen-
cia Ft., near 21st; business center; suitable
for any business.
PTOUE with fixtures and living rooms; desir-
able fnr a dressmaker. 1043 Guerrero St.
C3xl ~:6-^€21 MONTGOMERY St.. with entrance
on Merchant St.; low rent.
$15— STORK 2 rooms, cellar. S25 Bryant et..
between Flr«t and Second sts.
CHEAPEST and best in America— The Weekly
Call, 16 pages, sent to any address In the
United States or Canada one year for 81.
rALMlSI'HY.
jTjEROME FOFSKLU, 'scientific "palrnlit, E1S
Taylor *t., bet. Geary and Post: tel. Black 561.
MME. NEERGAARD has removed to 700 Post;
hour* I to 6 eve., and Sunday by appointment.
I'ERSO.VALj.
GENTLEMAN. 4i\ matrimonially Inclined,
would meet reflned lady about 30. with small
capital to Invest in established profitable bus-
iness: stand investigation. T. CARPENTER,
bcx 22S5. Call office.
GENTLEMAN of 24 likes to make the acqulant-
ance of a tall young lady or widow (brunette):
from the country preferred; object matrimony.
Address box 47C-4. Call office.
ELDERLY gentleman with meane desires cor-
respondence with respectable widow: object
matrimony. Address L. MARTIN, box 2271,
Ofcll office.
YOUNG man. moderate income, peeks acquaint-
ance of respectable young lady; object matri-
mony. GEORGE GARVAN, 17 Yerba Buena.
WANTED — Young Jewish lady wishes cor-
re»~>ndenc» stout r»ntleman same faith; no
trtflerg; object matrimony. Box 22S1. Call.
REFINED German widow would like to meet
elderly gentleman of good standing and ap-
pearance; object matrimony. Box 22S3. Call.
LADY, wealthy and kind, will be devoted wife
to kind husband and adviser. "Amiable,"
771 North Park ave.. Chicaeo. 111.
NEAT lady of 26 wishes to meet respectable
gentleman residing outside city; object mat-
rimony. Itoi 4702. Call office.
A BOY or cirl baby for adaption. MRS. DR.
FUXKE. HIS Eighth St., Alameda.
AT Lederer"s. all this week, large stock of
hair ornaments at low figures; artistic hair-
dreyying only 25c; a witches cheap. 123 Stoktn.
LADIES Fhould use Mme. Reiner's depilatory;
removes superfluous hair lr.Ftantly: no pain.
MME. REINER, r.31 Sutter St.. 10 to 4.
SUITS to order frcm J1S up on easy payment*.
The Richelieu. ;oo Market Rt.. near Geary.
LEDERER'P Quintonica hair tonic preserves
and beautifies your hair; try It; 35c bottle.
KODAK fllm« 3'-k3H developed only 25c per
rolL Rembrandt Studio, 850 Market, cor. Etktn.
LEDERER'S Foamo Shampoo; a perfect clean-
ter; try It once: 5c pkg. 123 Stockton ft.
THE Star Hair Remedy never falls to restore
gray and faded hair to natural color, cure
dandruff. Itching scalp and eczema, stop fall-
ing, grow new hair; sold by hairdressers and
druggists: esk for it: take no other. The Star
Remedy Company. San Francisco.
L>H. LASSWELL. mental science heaJer and
teacher; meetings every day except Sunday,
frcm 12 to 1 o'clock: free to all; clar&cb
formed monthly. 14 McAllister St., room 17.
1 'HAIR Doctor's Remedy." 1152 Franklin St..
Oakland: perfection; corrects; information
cause, cure, for etamp.
GRAND Central Riding Academy. 617 Ellis st.:
open evenings from 8 to 10 o'clock; phone
Ea«t 155. J. atcKENXA. Instructor.
ALL wishing to Join an amateur dramatic club
rail room 23. 1236 Market st., for particulars.
HIGHEST prices for cast-off clothing; call or
gend riostal. €S5 Clay at.
MARRIAGE bureau; est. 1SS7; reliable and con-
fla>nttal; llsu, 10c. Mrs. Hertz. 706 Ellis at
RAG carpets wove to order and for sale; alsi
chenllle-wove rugs silk portieres; dealer In
carpet twine, in hank or chain, at lowest
rates. GEO. MATTHEWS. 709 Fifth. Oakland.
KENT— Communicate with H. DAVENPORT.
101a Market rt.. S. F. BISHOP PONAPE.
ALL hair and scalp diseases a guaranteed cure;
danarurr and falling hair cured: gtay re
stored; the Egyptian Titian shade; a harm-
less vegetable compound is In lead; book for
stamp E. R. DUNLAP. 6 Eddy st.. 1th flo^r.
THE HUDSON RIVER CO..
,, HOPKE BROS.
Mattresses and pillows made to ord«.r. recov-
ered and renovated: honest work guaranteed;
prices defy competition: flne upholstery;
Phone E309: factory. 318 and X0 Eleventh St.;
flrst-class cleaning and dyeing. 128 O'Farrell
«t., near Powell. Ran Francisco.
ELECTRIC lights In every room— Winchester
Hotel 44 Third et.. near Market: 700 rooms,
2jC to *I Zi} per night; $1 CO to $6 per «week;
free bug and baggage to and from the ferry.
SUITS to order on installments; J15 upward.
$1 a week. LEON LEMOS. 1117 Market St..
between Seventh and Eighth.
PRIVATE detective work; reasonable rates; 10
years experience. J. B. RAY. t57 Jessie st.
EPECULATORS-Consult about sugar, wheat;
Inclose >tamp. Astrologer, box 4408. Call.
MME. ADA. the wonderful gifted healer, re-
moved to 1104 Market st.. offices 3 and 4.
SUITS to order on easy payments. Art Tailor-
Inc Co.. 1644 Mkt.. under St. Nicholas Hotel.
OLD gold, silver, diamonds and precious stones
bought. J. R. JENKEL. S17 Market it.
HAIR quickly curled or waved by using TaJ-
cott's curling fluid; 25c a bottle: druggists.
WANTED— Old-fashioned silver, brass, copper
ware; curio*., all descriptions. E2S Dupont st.
ALFREDUMS Egyptian Henna restores gray
hair ot Its natural color; $1. at all druggist*.
CAST-OFF clothing, old gold and silver bought-
eend postal. COLEMAN'S. £06 Kearny st.
CHEAPEST and best in America— The Weekly
Call, 16 paces, sent to any address In the
United States or Canada one year for $1,
pwt>f» naM.
PHYSICIANS AXD SURGEONS.
DR. C. C. 0*DONNELL-Ofnce and residence,
1021H Market it, between Sixth and Seventh.
REAL ESTATE— CITY— FOB SALE.
G. H. UMBSEN ft CXX,
REAL ESTATE AGENTS,
¦V ¦¦•.•»?, 14 MONTGOMERY ST.
$2,300— Renta $252 per anr.um; 2 flats of 0 and
< rooms, near Thirteenth and Valencia.
$2,900— Rents $384 per annum; near Seventh and
„ rinn Bryant sts. ; 4 flats and lot.
$3,000— Rents $288 per annum; business corner;
near "Twenty-third and Valencia sts.;
store and flat; 29x76.
$3.700— Rents $432 per annum; 3 substantial flats
of 5 rooms and bath each: 25x122:0 feet;
Mission warm belt; near Eighteenth and
Howard ets. ¦
$3.700-,Renta $432 :>er annum; near Sixth and
Bryant sts.; 3 flats of 4 roorr.3 each and
stable; 25xS8:6.
$5,200— Very cozy cottage on Devlsadero St.: 5
rooms and bath and basement; 27:6x100;
to close an estate.
$5,250— Rents $792 per annum: price greatly re-
duced td close the estate; near Sixth and
Harrison sts.; 7 flats and lot 50x30; this
Is a bargain and no reasonable offer re-
ruse.].
$5,430— Ker.ts $560 per annum; near, Fourth and
Folsom sts.; 6 substantial Hats; must be
sold to close the estate; price has been
greatly reduced and no reasonable offer
will bo refused: 41:2x<59. .••
S5.5O0— A bargain; Post st. rwirtence; substan-
tial 2-story bay-window house of i>
rooms, etc., etc.
$C,000— Rents $720 per annum: O'Farrell St..
and rear street; 3 flats and stable.
TS.253 — Rents $720 per annum: Post et. and rear
street: 2 flats and house; 2,'»:10xl20.
Rents $300 per annum; only $1500 cash
rev.iired; balance can remain to suit
buyer on mortgage in Hibernia Bank: 2
flats of 7 and 6 rooms and bath each;
stable on rear street; 25x120; 2 front-
«res; Hayes st.
$8,500— Rents $1HS por annum; on a main street
Inside of Powell St.; 3-story of 21 rooms
and 3 flats of 5 rooms each; always
rented: large lot; 34:4HxlOO. with an L
37:6x6S:9; this is one of the best paying
investments In the city; only $4300 cash
required.
$3.100 — Rents $1236 per annum; to close the es-
estate; the price has been greatly re-
duced; substantial improvements; 10
flats: always rented; near First and
Howard sts.: mortgage of $3100 which
can remain; this property will pay fully
15 ner cent per annum net; one of the
beet paying investments In the city;
60x80.
New Pocket Map of San Francisco County, 25c.
Choice list of building lots In every part of
the city at prices to suit.
Call and obtain one of our "Real Estate
Records," which contains a list of properties
for sale In all parts of the ctty.
G. II. UMBSEN & CO..
' : . -'- y" - 14 Montsomery st.
G. H. UMBSEN & CO.. ~~
14 Montgomery Street.
AUCTION
AUCTION
AUCTION
AUCTION
AUCTION
AUCTION
At our Salesroom MONDAY, October 8. 1900,
at 12 o'clock Noon.
REFEREES 1 SALE.
The following piece of property, by order of
Henry P. Umbsen and Jacob Brownstone, ref-
erees. Subject to confirmation by the court:
23S Sixth Bt. and 63-71-73 Harriet st- ; improve-
ments consist of store, lodging-house of 18
rooms and 3 tenements; rents $151 per month;
lot 25x135; double frontage.
EXECUTOR'S SALE.
3;61 Twentieth st.. southeast corner Lexington
avenue, between Mission and Valencia. Bt». ;
bay-window residence of 8 rooms and bath:
lot 24:6xS5. Subject to confirmation by the
court.
EXECUTOR'S SALE.
19IO-192OV4 Buchanan St.. east line, near Pine;
2 flats of 4 and 5 rooms and bath each: rents
$30 per month; lot 22:6x52:6. Subject to con-
firmation by the court.
EXECUTOR'S SALE.
Fourteenth st.. south line, between Church
and Sanchez; choice building lot; tmprove-
Pitnts tlereon consist of a stable renting for $3
per month: lot 25x125. Subject to confirmation
by the ccurt.
CHOICE PINE-STREET FLATS.
2C23-2041 Pine St.. south line, near Buchanan:
2 flats of 6 and 7 rooms and bath each; lenta
$5C per month; lot 25xl37:&
WAREHOUSE SITE.
Eighth st., northeast line, between Bryant
and Brannan: this large, desirable lot suitable
for either warehouse or stable purposes; lot
6S:9x^5.
PINE-STREET INVESTMENT.
655 Pine st, south line, near Stockton: im-
provements consist of a frame residence: lot
I4:4'.4xl27:6 to rear Btreet.
RAILROADrAVK. BUSINESS PROPERTY.
1024-1056 Railroad ave.. between Twelfth and
Thirteenth sts.: Improvements consist of store
with 5 rooms and flat above of 7 rooms; lot 26x
93, irregular.
MISSION RESIDENCE LOTS.
Eighteenth, Noe and Hartford sts.; 21 choice
building lots to be offered on very easy terms;
they are splendidly located In the warm belt
of the Mission and only half a block from the
Junction of Market and Castro Ets.
CASTRO-STREET BUILDING LOT.
Castro st.. east line, between Fifteenth and
Sixteenth; choice building lot 25x100.
For further particulars apply at our office.
G. H. UMHSEN & CO..
14 Montgomery st. '
GEORGE M. WILI/TOX.
Attends Personally to the Purchase or Sale
or General Management of Real Es-
tate. Including the Collection
and Remittance of Rents.
32S MONTGOMERY STREET.
$30,000 — Franklin st. : magnificent corner resi-
dence; near Facramento; 17 rooms, two
baths; laree lot, 55x137:6.
$30,COO— Clay St.; annual rental $2400; guaranteed
for five year*; 96x137:6.
$23.0fO— Grant ave.: corner: cost $3S,000; bargain.
$25,000 — Sacramento ft. ; two-story and basement
hrirk; near Sansome: rents $.140; 50x46.
$20,000— Jackson st.; elesant corner residence;
near Webster; 14 rooms: 60x110.
$17,000— Clay rt., near Battery: 3-story and base-
ment brick; lately refitted.
$17,000 — Howard Bt. ; annual rental $1500; 23xS0;
bid wanted.
$15,000— Dolores st.: elegant residence; 10 rooms
and bath; 92x175.
$13,000 — Steiner et. : corner: near Duboce Park:
annual rental JS30; 4Sx81.
$12,000 — Rlncon Hill; two fine ll-room houses;
rents $75; D0xS5; bid wanted.
$12,000— Improved business property; annual
jental $1200: Cx70.
$10,000 — Union st : flats and stores; near Octa-
vla; Kxl37:6.
$SW>— Larkln st.; flats; near Sutter; 22x84.
$7500— Mason et.; corner flats and cottages;
34x84.
$7500— Presidio Heights; elerant new 10-room
houee; must be F' Id; 2&xl"S.
$5500 — Near Clay and larkln sts.; three 2-
story cottages; annual rental $540.
$5500— Howard st. lot, near Seventh; 25x90.
$45C0— Nineteenth St.; fine 6-room cottage; 50x
100; bid wanted.
$3150 — Eighteen lots, near Mission road and
Amazon St.: annual rental $300.
$2500— Fifteenth ave. South; 9-room house;
cost $6000; 75x100.
$2000— Sacramento st. : 2 lots. 25x100 each.
$1650— Fifteenth st., near Market; lot 25x106.
$1200^-Cortland ave. and Moultrle et. ; corner
lot, 30x55.
$12C0— Jefferson ave. and Moultrie St.; corner
lot, 20x70.
$1000— Sunnynlde ave., bet. Sawyer and Loehr
sts.; 136x276.
GEORGE M. "WILLCOX,
328 Montgomery st.
JOHN PFORR. 403 Pine street.
Opposite Nevada Bank.
9 flne building lots on Thirteenth et. and
Clinton Park, only a few feet weat of Valencia;
will be sold very reasonable.
$5750— Rent $528 per annum; 3-story, store
and 2 flats; a very snug small business prop-
erty.
$10.000 — Rent $120 per month: corner property;
lot 54xS0. with four houses, stores and flats.
$8000— A good house on Sacramento et.. near
Fillmore. 12 rooms, bath, conservatory, etc,
$20,000— A flne centrally located property on
Mission St.. 45x80 feet, with 2 ten-room houses:
a bfs: bargain.
$3000— Rent $32; a double flat and a cottage
in the rear; a bargain.
$S000— Rent $7S0 per annum; on Fillmore st.;
4 flne flats: lot 50x80.
$4000— Credit sale; only $1000 caeh; a fine pan-
¦ handle property; nearly new house and lot,
23x110.
FOR SALE BY ~~*
HAWKS. & SKELTON,
323 Montgomery st.
$5,000— Chestnut, near Hyde-st. cars; good
house, 6 rooms, 3 years old: improving
section : 13 minutes from Montgomery
ft. : view of bay.
$10,600— Corner lot: Hyde and Francisco: secure
view of bay: Improving location; 137x
137; will subdivide.
$3.500— Pine St., near Van Ness ave.; old
bulldinss: rent nominal; 25xl2D; this Is
a bargain.
$2.000 — Corner lot, Montgomery ave. and Tay-
lor St.: very cheap; If improved will
pay well.
$17.000— Business property; Fillmore st., near
California; rents $1450 per annum; never
vacant; double the Interest yon get iu
savings banks.
HAWKS & SKELTON, 323 Montgomery st.
DON'T DELAY. ~~~ ~
. Buy a home on easy terms and be Independ-
ent of the landlord.
Five-room and bath; latest design: on Hoff-
man ave.. Heyman Tract; »4 block from elec-
tric car.
JAMES COTTER Is agent on the tract.
JACOB HEYMAN.
117 Sutter st., owner and builder.
HEALTH RESORT. "
Ocean Beach park lots for sale and cars to
rent.
At a bargain; 15 level lots In Colma. JA-
COB HEYMAN. 117 Sutter, st.
$15.000— THREE new flats of 9 rooms each: near
Post and -Hyde sts. ; rents $120 per month.
Corner lot on NW. corner of Devlsadero and
Haight sts. ; an elegant residence site.
$1500— Two flne lots for cottages; Twenty-sixth
St., near Sanchez: size 50x114. - ,
JEROME ENGLISH. 11 Montgomery at.
FOR sale, 345 Jersey st.— $-room cottage, large
basement and attic, with, all modern Improve-
. menu: lot SOxlli-
REAL ESTATE CITY— TOR SALE,
BALDWIN & HOWELL,
10 MONTGOMERY STREET.
$8500— Rents $87 per month: corner In the Mis-
sion; all rented; lot 25x112:6 to an alley.
$1000 cash, balance on mortgage; rents $39 per
month; store and flats; Clara st.
$21,000— Rents $2100 per year; corner on Ellis,
near Van Ness; new Improvements.
$2100— Rents $32 per month: a rare bargain;
pays big interest; large lot; splendid Im-
provements; near Jackson and Mason.
$5000— Owner anxious to sell; two-story resi-
dence; 9 rooms and bath; large lot. 32:6x
115 to an alley; near Capp and Twenty-
fifth sts.
$14,600— Rents $1260 a year; well Improved busi-
ness corner; near Sutter and Fillmore
sts. ; larse lot. 55x100; stores and resi-
dences. .
$.3000— Near the corner of Fourth and Minna
ets. ; lot 25x70; 3-story building of 3 flats;
rents $4S0 per year; right In the heart
of town.
$3750— Rents $36 per month; corner on Dolores
st. ; well improved with 2 new flats of 3
and c rooms and bath each; always
rented; lot 25xS9.
$4200 — Rents $32 per month; Buchanan st., nr.
Haight; 2-story house of 8 rooms and
bath; street bituminized; cement side-
walk; a decided bargain for a home
seeker.
$3300— Your own terms; new cottage, Just com-
pleted: 3215 Lapuna St., corner lot, near
Lombard; 5 rooms, bath, reception hall,
etc.
$5250— Fourth st.; retail business property-
store and flat; rents 550 per month; pays
8 per cent net; must be sold to close
estate: this is a bargain.
$19,000— Rents $160 per month; always rented;
same tenants for years; large corner;
well Improved with stores and flats;
McAllister St., not far from Van Ness.
$S500 — Rents $S5 per month; price reduced to
make quick sale; 2 houses and rear cot-
tage on McAllister St., close to Laguna.
BALDWIN & HOWELL, 10 Montgomery st.
OPPOSITE NEW PARK ENTRANCE.
Superior building lots on very easy payments;
on line of the H-st. electric cars and fronting
Golden Gate Park and the new 19th-ave. boule-
vard; only a minute's walk from Strawberry
H1U and Park attractions.
Macadamized Streets on Official Grades.——
—Plank Sidewalks, Gas and Water Service!'.—
Moderate Prices— The Choicest Locality.
P.are Chance for Investment Seekers
and Home Builders.
Your Own Terms— Interest Only 6 Per Cent.
Money advanced for building purposes; th»
costliest and handsomest modern houses In
Sunset District are now being occupied and
constructed on the new l?th-ave. boulevard.
Call at once at our branch office (open week
days. Sundays and holidays), corner of H st.
and 9th ave., south of Golden Gate Park, and
ask to be shown these beautiful lots. Full par-
ticulars and price lists also at our office.
BALDWIN & HOWELL.
10 Montgomery st.
MADISON & BURKE. ,Real Estate Agents,
625 Market st., opp. Palace Hotel.
Established 1S5S.
Stevenson st, near Third, clone to center of
city; good building; only $5200; 20x70.
Post et.. near Jones: great future; lot 26:3x
137:6; sold to close an estate.
$17,000— Fulton st.. between Polk st. and Van
Ness ave. ; lot 50x120 to Ash ave.
$6500 — Capp st., near Twenty-third; rents $65:
flEts all rented; 37:6x122:6.
California Bt., adjoining corner Polk; lot 50x
87:6; must be sold to close an estate.
$5000 Baker St., near Sacramento: 8 rooms
and bath; in perfect order; 25:6x102:6.
Two elegant flats; must be sold; California
st., nea<- baker; 6 and 7 rooms, etc.; well built;
price reduced from $7000.
J23OO— Bryant rt.. near Seventh; 2 cottages;
rents j:0; lot 2CbcS0.
Two flats: always rented; Sixteenth »t., near
Market; rents $2S: reduced from $4000 to make
quick sale; cost $3200 to build.
Good residence location: sunny side Nine-
teenth *t., near Valencia; good Improvements;
lot 2JxSC; a bargain.
jSSCO — Elizabeth ft., near Castro; store and
$4230-Octavla st.. near Halght; an elegant
lot fcr modern flats; 37:6x100.
Offer wanted for an elegant modern cottage
home; E rooms and bath: lot 24x100; Potrero
ave., near Twenty-second st.
$2450— Cottajje and lot; Twenty-third st., near
Diamond: 4 rooms and bath; modern conveni-
ences; 25:10x114.
$2100 — Clement st., near Thirty-second ave, :
store and flat; 9 rooms; used as saloon and
boarding-house; 24x100.
J500O— Mlsslon-st. property; partly Improved;
1st Ke lot; S4xl&3:6; street -work all done; the
tuture of the property Is the very best; must
bo sold.
$32.10— Plensant homo In the Mission; near ISth
and Valencia sts.; 7 rooms and bath: must sell.
MADISON &. BURKK.
626 Market St.. opp. Palace Hotel.
CHOICE REAL ESTATE INVESTMENTS.
— AT—
A. M. "FPECK & CO.'S. 667 Market st.
$200.000 — Pays 5 per cent net: near Chronicle.
$100 000— Grand corner; elegant improvements;
pays 7 per cent net; guaranteed lease
5 years.
$100,000— Pays 5 per cent; Market Bt. ; always
$05,000— Finest' Investment ever offered; lot 1M
feet front on Ellis st.; grand improve-
ments; rents, $5000; no chance in city
ever offered to equal this.
J40.CC0— Pays J370; grand corner: all rented.
$42,500 — Pays S per cent net; grand corner; one
tenant; lease 5 years.
j30, ooo— Rents $232; new improvements.
J22.500 — Grand store property; 70 feet front;
rents $200- a month: all rented.
$21,000— Four rtorcs and 8 flats; rents $2C2; i"5
fert front; fine bargain.
$17,500 — Grnr.d investment: 40 feet front; near
Van Nms ave. and McAllister St.;
rents 5145.
J13.P0O— Renta $145: new improvements.
$10,000— Elegant flats, not far from Van N'ws
ave.; rents $1100.
$9,C00 — Store property on Ninth St., near Mar-
ket: very cheap.
J8,000— Rents $70: new flats; near Van Ness
ave.
$2,500 — Store and flat; near Union Iron* Works-
rents ?22. •
$4,000— Four Rats; all rented for $45.
A. M. SPECK & CO., 667 Market st.
BOVEE. TOY & SONNTAG, ~ "
REAL ESTATE AGENTS.
Houses Rented, Rents Collected and Full
Charge Taken of Property.
624 MARKET ST.
$45,000 — First-class location; Mission St.; man-
ufacturing district; 2-story brick building;
leased at $270 per month: lot 45:10x137:6.
$17,0C0— Splendid building lot on Main it,
south of Mission; good Income If Improved. ¦
$13,000 — Improved property near 2d and Mis-
sion: lot 40x150; rents $101 50 per month.
$?000 — Accessible Income-producing Invest-
ment: 4 flats and 8-room house: latest Improve-
ments; large lot; rents $S5 per month; fine
bltuminlzed street; between Leavenworth and
Hyde Ets.
$50C0 — Very handsome Western Addition resi-
dence; choice architecture; Strictly modern;
large.
$3oftO — Two excellent flats of 4 and 5 rooms and
bath: Shot well St.; rents $S5. which can be In-
creased.
$2800— Substantial flats, newly renovated;
scuth of Market st., on good street; rents $23.
$2750— Road house and residency on Mission
st. ; sonti business location.
$000— Building lot on 5th ave., near Clement.
Further particulars of
BOVEE, TOY & SONNTAG.
$1000— ELEGANT corner on Elizabeth st. ; must
be nold to satisfy mortgage.
$2100— Twenty-flrst st. comer; streets In
order. .'
$4230— Eleprant flats, well rented; Twenty-
fourth Et., near Castro; can arrange terms.
$1000— Cheap lots in Potrero, close to the
Iron works and rolling mill; will arrange to
build and sell on terms. -
McEWEN BROS.. 118 Montgomery nt.
THE TERMINAL CITY,
SANTA FE.
TERMINUS SANTA FE RAILROAD.
On October 20 the price of all lots will be
Increased 25 per cent. ' ¦ .
McEWEN BROS., 118 Montgomery st.
SOLE AGENTS Santa Fe.
- The Terminal City.
BARGAIN. . 4 . ¦
$625: $100 cash,' balance $5 per month on In-
stallments; choice building lots on Elizabeth
Bt., bet. Douglass st. and Hoffman ave.;
size 25x114; half block from electric cars. This
location is rapidly being built up by nice
new houses, ana the lots offered are the
cheapest in the Mission; ready for building;
will give possession immediately: will arrange
to build: Installment payments If desired. G.
H. UMBSEN & CO.. 14 Montgomery st.
$3500-SACRIFICE: lot 28:9x80 feet on Perry st.
between Third and Fourth, together with Im-
provements, consisting of a 2-story double
house with brick foundation,' new plumbing;
always rented for $38 per month. Apply II.
McCOLGAN, 24 Montgomery st, room 3.
BARGAIN— $3000; cost $3S00: new cottage: Just
.finished;. 5 rooms and ¦ bath, high basement;
sunny side; nice view; near 2 car lines;
23d st, bet. Noe and Castro; take Castro-st.
cars. Apply C. HOLTUM, 651 Market st.
REAL ESTATE— CITY— FOR SALW.
EASTON, ELDRIDGB A CO..
63S MARKET STREET.
A LOVELY HOME __
MIDST SUNSHINB AND FLOWERS
FOR YOUR RENT MONEY.
$300— CASH DOWN; move In and pay us what
the place Is rented for; 5 rooms and bath
and stable; on Chattanooga, near 22d St.;
Mission Warm Belt; Mlsslon-st. cars
pass; large lot, 25x117:6 feet to rear street;
rented for $17 per month.
PAYS 12 PER CENT.
$7750— Near Stockton and Sutter rts.; S new
modern flats; rents $77 50 per month.
HAYES-STREET FLATS.
$6710—3 modern flats. 7-7-8 rooms and bath;
rents $35: sunny side; 23x137:6 feet.
TO CLOSE AN ESTATE.
$3500— Make offer; 3 flats of 5-4-3 rooms; rents
527 50 per mo. ; near Sth and Howard sts.
RICHMOND COTTAGE.
$250 cash, balance as rent; pretty modern
cottage, 4 rooms and bath; lot 25x120 feet;
on Fifth ave.
JONES-STREET RESIDENCE.
JS200 REDUCED FROM $12,000.
On that elegant residence block on Jones
Ft., bet. Clay and Sacramento; lot 27:6x
120 feet; y rooms and bath.
POST-STREET COTTAGE.
$2S0O— Cottage a rooms and bath; lot 23x137:6
feet; sunny side street.
ELEGANT SUNNY CORNER HOUSE
FOR YOUR KENT MONEY.
$500 cash, balance as rent; price reduced from
SJ40C0 to ?£>0o; modern house; 11 rooms and
porcelain bath; large lot, 24:11x114 feet;
nortl'east corner.
MISSION WARM BELT LOT.
$2500— Reduced from $4000; best part; no fog, no
wind; 40x100 feet.
EASTON, ELDRIDGE & CO.,
63S MARKET ST.
AUCTION!
. AUCTION!
AUCTION I
TUESDAY. OCTOBER 16. 1900.
AT 12 O'CLOCK NOON.
At our Salesroom. 638 Market st.
DOWNTOWN BUSINESS PROPERTY.
No. 757 Howard St., near Fourth; 2 stores
with 3 rooms each, and apartment house of 17
rooms and porcelain bath and rear house 4
rooms; rents $95 per month; lot 25x90 feet.
CAPP ST. RESIDENCE.
Ko. 842 Capo St.. near Twenty-fourth; house
7 rooms and bath; lot 20x55 feet.
FILLMORE ST. CORNER LOT.
Southeast corner Germanla and Ftllmore sts.;
lot 24x81:3 feet.
BOUTH OF MARKET INVESTMENT.
No. 70 Converse st., near Bryant; 2 flats of
4 rooms each and rear house 3 rooms; rents $23,
SOUTH OF MARKET STORE AND FLATS.
No. 2S8 Shipley St.. near Sixth: store and 3
rooms and 2 flats above of 4 and 5 rooms: also
2 rear flats of 3 rooms; all rented; $43 per
month.
MISSION WARM BELT FLATS.
168-70 Lexlneton ave.. n«ar Nineteenth St.: 2
flats of 4 and 5 rooms and bath; rents $32 SO;
lot 2:xS0 feet,
ASHBURY HEIGHTS LOTS.
East side Tremont ave., 72 feet south of
Frederick st.; 3 lots 2oxS0 feet; on terms.
WESTERN ADDITION STORE AND FLAT.
No. 1415-17 P.aclflc St., near Hyde; Btore and
3 rooms and 'flat of 5 rooms; rents $32 per
month: lot 20x73 feet.
GUARDIANSHIP SALE.
PEPvEMPTORY SALE-TO HIGHEST BID-
DER—NO RESERVE.
Five large lots located north of the Park In
the Richmond District, as per catalogue.
MISSION RESIDENCE.
West side. No. 1504 Church St., near Twenty-
seventh; modern house 7 rooms and bath; 25
xSO feet.
NORTH BEACH HOME.
No. 1 Randall St., near Greenwich; 27x36 feet;
house a rooms and basement.
EASTON, ELDRIDGE & CO..
628 Market st.
$17,000— A FINE business property on best part
of principal crosstown business street;
pays good Interest; Pteady tenants.
$12,C00 — Four new modern flats, near park;
rented for $112 50 monthly.
FLATS.
$11,000— Three beautiful flats of 7 rooms each,
near Fillmore and Hayes sts.; rents
$102 50 monthly; wide lot.
$5,230 — Two new flats of 7 and 8 rooms; near
park and panhandle; rents $52 50
monthly; wide lot,
$5,500— Three new flats, near Twenty-second
and Valencia sts.; rents $52 50 monthly.
$5,000— Two splendid flrfts of 5 and 6 rooms; In
best part of Mission, near Twenty-flrst
ami Valencia sts. ; always rented at $15
monthly.
$3,500— Two fine flats of 3 and 4 rooms; near
Twenty-fourth and Sanchez sts. ; rents
$35 monthly; this Is very cheap; $300
cash, balaiice monthly.
RESIDENCES.
$12,000— Two residences on Washington st. ; lot
£0x137:6; rents $50 monthly; offer wanted.
$7,000— Residence of S rooms; Ellis st., near
Laguna: let 25x120 to small street: this
is a splendid buy.
$5,500 — Residence of 7 rooms; Webster at., near
California.
LOTS.
Pacific Heights; corner lot: beautiful marine
view and full view of entire city; lot 43
feet front; more frontage can be had if
desired; an offer wanted; must be sold.
JGO per front foot— Any size lot; Clay st.. near
Maple.
$2,000— Lot 30xl27:S; Clay st. near Cherry.
$2,000— Lot 40x100; near Washington and Cherry
sts.
$1,750 — Lot 27x127; Washington St., near Flrst-
ave. boulevard.
$650— Lot 25x100; California at, near Third
ave.
$750 Each: 2 lots, 27:6x114; north side Twen-
ty-fifth St.. near Castro.
51,000— Lot 25xlCO; Hampshire st., near Twenty-
second; street bltumlnlzed.
Send for list Mission cottages, flats and lots.
MCAFEE BROTHERS, 10S Montgomery Bt.
VON RHE1N REAL ESTATE CO. (Inc.).
512 CALIFORNIA ST.
IMPROVED.
$13.000— Corner Green and Powell sts. ; 70x70;
three-story building; rents $132.
$12 500— Union 8t.. near Taylor: three modern
flats and rear house; 25:9x128:3; rents $37.
$8000— Ellis St., near Octavla; 25x120; house of
8 rooms and bath.
. $7250 Van Ness ave., near Pacific ave.; 25x
100; house of 12 rooms.
jCSOO— Hayes st., near Buchanan; 25x120 to rear
street; house of 9 rooms.
teceo— Vallejo St.. near Mason: 4S:l%xl37:6.
v.-lth an L: two flats and rear house: rents $64.
$0000 — Folsom St., near Eighth; 21x90; two
flats; rents $46. «...
JS250— California St.. near Baker; 2a:3xS2:6;
three flats; rents $42 50.
$5000— Green st., near Dupont; 26:6x80; three
bay-window flats; rents $55.
$5000 — Rents $75 per month ; corner two main
streets, In northern part of city.
$4300— Kearny st., near Union; 20xSO to rear
Btieetitwo houses; 'rents $38 25.
$4250— Webster St., near Filbert; 25x100; 6-room
$3500—^Greenwich St.. near Mason: 46x60; two-
Btory house of 8 rooms and bath.
$2700— Central ave.. nr. Hayes; 23x100 ; store
and 4 rooms and bath.
UNIMPROVED.
$S0O0 — Corner Guerrero and Fourteenth: 68x38.
$7;0O— Valencia St., near Twenty-sixth; 60xS0.
Corner Bryant and Twenty-second st«. ; will
subdivide; 55x100.
$4000— Church St., near Twenty-sixth: 100x100.
$3500— Fulton, near Fillmore: 32:6x137:6.
$3000— LaRuna St., near Page; 25x100.
$2750 each— Post St., near Devlsartero: 2 lots.
$2fjOO— Waller St., near Stanyan; 23x100.
$1750— Corner Castro and Alvarado; 26:6x105.
$1500— Sutter St.. near Lyon: 33:3x100.
S5250— BUSH St., north side. near. Pierce: elct-
gant 2-story bay-window flats; 27:6x137:?.
?3.-.C0— Grove st., near Baker; fine 2-story bay-
window residence: 7 rooms, bath: garden,
etc.: grand bargain. L. OESTERREICHER.
117 Sutter st.
SUNSET District: $3350— For sale, house of 6
rcoms, bath and large basement: decorated:
Eleventh ave., bet. H and I sts. Apply to
DAVID LEWIS. 553 Brannan et.
ONLY $2800; cozy home of 6 rooms and bath;
modern: In the fast growing Sunset District.
See owner on premises, 1524 Tenth ave., near
K st. ¦ ¦ . ¦ ¦ -_
CLAY, 2933— For sale or to let: lot 27:6xl27:8tf:
price low; cozy house, 8 rooms; Just painted
and tinted: flrst-class style; conservatory;
large yard; plenty sun; rent $35. Apply to
owner. 1123 Ellis st. ?. : ;
C. C. BEMIS, Real Estate and General Land
Agent, 324 Montgomery Et.
Make offer— Northeast corner Twenty-seventh
and Douglass sts. ; must be sold; 80x114 feet.
$1600— North . line Carl st., near Stanyan; 25x
137:6 feet.
$250 CASH, $10 monthly— A nice cottage. 4 large
;•; rooms " and • basemer.t: > also "good well and
¦ ' windmill. Cassell ave., not : far . from Eigh-
teenth i and • Castro sts. ; '. price, $1400/ LYON
. & HOAO. J14 Montgomery st. . .•,;¦,.•-
$150-CASH offer wanted; lot 25x114; on 27th, at.,
near Castro. Apply 619 Douglass si,
BEAX KSTATK — CTTT— FOB BALE.
BX>R BALE BT BTJRNHAM * MARSH CO.
•mm » RARE CHANCE."
19208— -Rent $53; back half of Market st. lot.
near Btxth it.; sure fortune: good Interest.
'¦«i* ™, CHOICE RESIDENCE.
$5750— Elegant residence of 11 rooms and bath,
sunny «ldo Geary at.; large lot. Z7:6xl37:«.
'".^»- GREAT BARGAIN.
$5500, reduced to $5150— Park residence of »
rooms, and bath, front and back stairs, latest
plumbing; double lot, 25x186, to rear street:
room for flats or stable.
... «*» QJUXT> CORNER FLATS.
Sls.OOO— Rent $120; sunny downtown corner;
east of Hyde St.. with three beautiful up-to-
date flats of 8, 8 and 10 rooms and bath; build-
ing alone cost the money; sun In every roum
and never vacant.
BUSINESS CORNER.
$15,000— Rent $95; choice business corner of
stone and brick; cellar; two flats above and
two flats on side street: building cost $16,000
and Jot $7000; size 35x122:6; must sell.
McALLISTER-ST. BARGAIN.
$So0 — Rent $S5 a month; near Laguna at.; two
houses in flats and large lot to rear street;
this Is a pickup.
SIX ELEGANT FLATS.
J20.0C0— Rent $162 50; large 50-foot lot and
without exception the finest flats in the city;
built three years and never vacant.
SAFE INVESTMENT.
$12,000— Rent $S5; business property: Ninth St.;
one tenant for 13 years; larse lot and close to
Market Bt.
PATS OVER 12 PER CENT.
$4000— Rent $40; four fine flats, few feet from
Mlxslon and Sixth sts.
$4250 — Rent $45: four tine flats close to Fourth.
BURNHAM & MARSH CO..
20 Montgomery st.
LYON & HOAG,
114 MONTGOMERY ST.
BUSINESS PROPERTY AT A BARGAIN.
$500 cash, balance $50 monthly: fine two-story
building In business section of Castro St.; store
and nice flat above; 6 rooms and bath; total
rents $14 per month; price $4CKK>.
$300 CASH— BALANCE $30 MONTHLY.
$1630 — Cumberland St., near Church; 3 houses;
rents $19 per month; size lot 50x114; a foreclos-
ure sale.
A FINE CORNER SACRIFICED.
$2500 — Bank mortgage $2000; corner Jones and
Broadway: size of lot 47x60; foundation laid,
all ready for building.
A GRAND SPECULATION.
$12,500—100 lots, located at the Potrero, close
to all the large manufactories.
PAYS 12 PER CENT.
$13.000 — Handsome new flats, close to town,
located in a swell part of Western Addition; up
to date In all respects; marble steps, latest san-
itary plumbing; they command a magnificent
marine view.
HANDSOME NEW HOME.
$3000— $1000 cash, balance can remain on mort-
gage, 6 per cent; contains 7 large rooms, bath
and finished basement; Sth ave.. near K st.;
only 2 blocks from Golden Gate Park.
NEW HOME AT THE MISSION.
$:S30— $400 cash, balance $25 monthly; Alva-
rado st.. near Noe and Z2d; contains S large
sunny rooms, porcelain bath, etc.; everything
up to date; take Castro-st. cars to Alvarado st.,
walk one block east.
A MISSION' INVESTMENT.
$4500 — Rent $44; Army st.. near Guerrero: 2
flats, also cottage: size lot 70x76: always rented.
A CHEAP HOME.
$2000— Co.«t $3000; Clipper st., near No#; con-
tains 5 large rooms and bath; size lot 25x114.
24TH ST. BUSINESS PROPERTY.
$5T*O — Rents J4S; handsome modern building,
contains store and 3 rooms in rear; flat abov*
containing S rooms and bath; also stable In
rear: size lot 29x114; a fine piece of property In
growing dlFtrlct.
$400 CASH— BALANCE $25 MONTHLY.
$3100— Handsome home on Castro St., near 23d;
contains 7 large rooms, bath and all conven-
iences; size lot 23x105.
CAPP-ST. HOME.
$3500 — Cottage of 6 rooms and bath; a large
part of the furniture, carpets, etc., are in-
cluded.
A DEVISADERO-ST. HOME.
$5000— Two-story bay-window house, contain-
ing 8 rooms and bath: an offer wanted.
. LYON & HOAG, 114 Montgomery st.
SOL GETZ & BROTHER.
ROOM 54. CHRONICLE BUILDING.
(Our New Office.)
Prices of Everything Have Risen.
Real Estate Values Are Sure to Follow.
Buy a Lot Now at Our Low Prices.
ONLY $700-CORNERS $1000— THINK OF IT!
Graded Richmond lots on Sixth and Seventh
aves.. near Pqlnt Lobos. on Installments; oniy
a few more to sell; secure one Quick.
BEAUTIFUL SUNSET LOTS-
ALL BARGAINS.
jr.CO to $800 — Lots graded, streets macadam-
ized: superb view; protected from winds: no
drifting sand: opposite new music stand;
splendid car service; only $10 monthly.
$75. $100. $150 to $3W— Nlneteenth-av#. lots
and to the Ocean boulevard; one-third less
their value; $3 monthly.
$100 to $250— Level lots, close to Mission and
San Mateo electric car lines; $5 monthly.
Branch office. Ninth ave. and H St., Sunset:
cpen every day and Sunday.
Call for Maps and Diagrams.
SOL GETZ & BROTHER.
(New Office) Room 54, Chronicle building.
ALL sorts of financial problems solved by H.
MURPHY. 630 Market; zd mortgages; estate*.
A FINE new cottage of 6 rooms and high fln-
!*hed basement: all modern Improvements:
large let, with driveway; cheap; small
amount cash, balance like' rent; see owner on
premises. Church and 30th sts. A. KLAHN.
MODERN houses built; lowest prices: plans and
estimates furnished. Campbell. 1147 Mission.
MISSION cottage; new; 6 rooms, bath; lot 50x
100; J30C-0: terms to suit buyer. 413 Kearny st.
REAL ESTATE— COUNTRY Por Sale
a^tentionThomeseekers. "
V>'e desire to call the attention of Intending
buyers of country lands to some bargains in in-
come producing orchard, vineyard, grain and
stock farms, many of which are bank foreclos-
ures, that we hav* for sale. Mr. Bush, having
had forty years' knowledge and experience of
the value of lands and being the owner of an
Income-producing orchard and vineyard, can in-
telligently direct Intending buyers to the best
lands and best bargains In the State. Call or
write for what you want.
DAVID BUSH & SON. 14 Post st.
FOR sale — A small farm of 18 acres of good
land, suitable for 1 chicken raising, with nice
cottage of 5 large .rooms and bath, barn,
chicken houres. fruit trees, etc., situated near
Haywards, Alameda County: one hour ride
from San Francisco: excellent well on prem-
ises. Address box 2035. Call office. Oakland.
FOR /sale— $2100; fine ranch. 70 acres, near New-
¦ castle, Plncer County: house, barn and No. 1
well on premises; a bargain. Inquire at
DIXON'S. 7S7 Market st.
CITY property and farms sold or exchanged;
printed lists. M. GRIFFIN. 719 Market, r. 1.
MARIN Co.. 26 miles from S. F.— $40 to $30 per
acre: choice lands in tracts of all sizes; im-
proved farms, chicken ranches, hay. grain,
fruit and vegetable lands; easy terms; rail
and water transit; good schools. HOME AND
FARM CO.. room 2. 8th floor. Mills bldg.. 8. F.
ACCURATE personal knowledge — each of the
3000 ranches en my SALE and EXCHANGE
list. More thnn all other agents In this city.
N. D. SICKELS. the land agent, 6 Geary Bt.
FOR SALF. OR RENT— Fine fruit, grain and
stock ranch. 200 acres, near bay. Address
H. P.. box 33S8. Call efflce.
REAL ESTATE TO EXCHANGE.
TO exchange your property to your satisfaction
send particulars of same and state what you
deilre to exchange for, whether city or ranch,
and we will make you an offer. SCHWEIN-
HARD & CO.. 817 Market St.. rooms 1 and 2.
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS.
AUMF.Dl REAL ESTATE.
GREATEST BARGAIN IN REAL ESTATE
EVER OFFERED.
SEE THIS PROPERTY TO-DAY.
Lot 50x125, together with good 5-room cottage;
street work, cement sidewalks all done; con-
venient to schools and trains; only $1150.
ALSO, <V
Sacrificed, a choice residence of 8 rooms and
bath, modern, on principal avenue; large lot;
can be bought for $2500.
Bargains in all parts of Alameda. Write or
call. ALAMEDA LAND COMPANY. 1500 Park
st.. Alameda. and 20 Post St., S. F. Office
open Sundays and evenings.
J230O— TERMS; new cottage, 8 rooms; also new
house of 8 rooms; terms. Owner, J. H.
YOUNG. 1243 Park st.
FOR sale at a sacrifice— Elegant modern cot-
tage of 5 large rooms and bath; fine mantel,
marble washstand. reception hall, gas fix-
tures; etc.: high basement; corner lot. 58x125;
street work and cement sidewalk; all. com-
plete. For particulars apply on premises to
owner, 1923 Park at., Alameda, Cal. ; no agents.
FOR INVESTMENT. "
4 new modern (-room cottages: Day 10 per
cent; best location; always rented. Apply to
,.A. R. DENKE SR.. 1400 Webster st.. Alameda.
ALA3IEDA HOUSES TO LET.
FOR rent— Six-room house, 'as good as new. in
perfect condition, with all modern conveni-
ences; fine lawn and flowers; two blocks to
Grand-st. station; J25 month. Inquire at 1343
Park st.
BERKELEY ADVERTISEMENTS
BERKKLBT hbai, ESTjLTB.
. ¦ ¦ .-.,..,¦ i .,»
BARGAIN: s block* from statiom I Iarr*
room. 2 bar- window cottar*, batb: folding
doors, mantel, pantry, marble wash baatn,
large recaption hall brick foundation. T-foot
basement; cement walk around house; nlc«
flower garden; lot SOxl23; price S1300; $100 eaah.
balance $20 monthly; take Berkeley train, ret
off at Lorln station. OELLERICH * JPEU-
KBiS.
~~"
4 LARGE room, bay-window cottage: MboC
basement, mantel: well <0 feet deep: good
pump and tank; barn and chicken housa; nle*
flower garden; electric cars pass door; lot BIX
133; price $14X; KC0 cash, balance $13 monthly;
why pay rent when you can buy a home for
the same price as you are paying rest? Taka
Berkeley train, ret oS at Lorln station.
OELLERICH & PERKIN3.
AND mind you Its In beautiful Berkeley.
S120O— House of 4 rooms, well, windmill. eta.{
lot 40x110; a bargain.
14SC0— House of IS rooms; large lot; near uni-
versity.
U2a)^A regular poem: B-room house: corner
lot: street work done; near university.
J2S0O— 7-room house; street work all done;
electric cars pass the door: lanre lot
Apply to MASON & McLEXATHEN. adjoin-
ing Postofflce. Berkeley.
I150O— A CHICK EM ranch In the heart Of town:
lot 120x270; buy It and fret rich. Apply to
MASON & McLENATHEN, adjoining Post-
office. Berkeley.
$4A>— PINE 3-room cottage In good, orders ail
fenced: good well and pump on back porch:
all sewered: few fruit trees; high basement;
$50 cash, balance J10 per month. W. C.
MORAN.
$2V>0— 8-ROOM 5-story house and basement, all
sewered: lot 45x100: on fine corner; 3 blocks
to cars; will exchange for a ranch of equal
value near San Francisco. W. C. MORAN,
Lorin Station. Berkeley.
SNAP— BARGAINS. SNA P— BARG AIM 3.
S350 — Lot; University ave.: Kast Berkeley-
$1700 — Lot 50x139; corner; Telegraph ave.
J2100 — New house; 8 rooms: near local tnln.
$730— Almost an acre: near local train: will
buy a lot and build a house to suit you on
Installments.
II. B. PIN NET. opp. local station. Berkaler-
}ZZQQ— GREAT bargain : fine 6-room hous«. with
piano, parlor, kitchen, dining-room furniture,
etc.; windmill and tank: flowers and fruit
trees: S blocks from station. 2 blocks from
electric cars; near school and church; lot BOX
135: part cash, balance easy terms. C C
EMSLIE, Ashby Station. Berkeley.
J80O— NICE house of 4 rooms: large lot: finest
street in Berkeley: near station; terms If de-
sired. C. C. EMSLIE. Ashby Station. Berke-
ley.
I175O-BEAUTIFUL 5-room cottage; lot 40x1X5:
street work complete: cement sidewalk: J
blocks from station; electric car passes door;
$250 cash, balance same as rent. C. C. EilS-
LIE. Ashby Station, Berkeley.
ALTA PUNTA TRACT-San Pablo ave.. 3
miles north of Berkeley: $130 to $250 per acre;
lots ZCO to Jlf.O each: !."> a month: call for
maps. <}. W. HAIGHT. «01 California »t.. S.F.
FRUITVALE ADVERTISEMENTS
FKUITVALE UE.AL ESTATE.
FOlTsALE BT H. A. PLEITNER.
$SoO — Cozy cottage of 4 rooms, front and bac't
porch, barn, chicken house and workshop; larir »
lot; fine place for raising chickens; $130 cash.
balance |7 25 per month.
$1050 — New house of 4 rooms and bath; base-
ment; fruit trees: lot 5OxlS0; splendid location.
$1100 — Cottage of 4 rooms and hall: rood well,
windmill and tank: lot 50x130; all fenced; S
blocks from local train.
JltOO— Sacrifice; modern cottage of 5 rooms
and bath, basement, etc.; lot S0xl44; 1 bloc'iC
from electric cars: must be sold; an opportu-
nity worth Investigating; $100 cash, balance
same as rent.
$1200— Bay-window cottage of 4 large rooms
and bath: pantry; 2 clothes closets; hall; fin*
mantel; stationary tubs; 7-foot basement: con-
nected with main sewer; lot 50x110; all fenced;
$100 cash; balance same as rent; only 3 blocks
from Fruitvale station.
J.15W— Modem cottage of 4 rooms and bath;
front porch; 7-foot basement: good well; fruit
trees: chicken houses; lot 100x125; all fenced;
on« block from electric cars.
$1600 — Modern 2-story house of 8 rooms and
bath; nne mantel; corner lot. near station;
must sell at once.
$1550— Chicken ranch of 1 acre; choice fruit
trees; house of 5 rooms and basement: barn: 13
chicken houses; 2 Incubators, brooder house.
chickena. etc.
Chicken ranch ot 9 acres: 3 acres In bearing
fruit trees: house of 5 rooms and bath: barn:
for rent at $12 50 per month: stock and Im-
plements for sale, consisting of 300 chickens, t
incubator. 1 large brooder house, 45 chicken
coops and houses, horse, harness and wagon;
all for $375. For particulars apply to
, H. A. PLEITNER.
' Fruitvale station. Cal.
FINE home for a family — 8 acres. Including
house of 4 rooms and bath; hat and col 1
water: front hall, back porch, hlorh basement:
brick foundation: large barn and chicken-
houses; new windmill and tank for 30CO gal-
lons water; all fenced: for an actual bargain.
9 acres (4 In irrapes>. with house of 5 rooms;
barn: pl«u?e well sheltered for poultry. C.
LEITZ. 952 Broadway. Oakland.
BUY a cozy home of the owner; about to leave;
make an offer: for sale a few weeks only.
Cameron St.. just back of Altenhelm.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
OFFICE— 1118 BROADWAY.
OAKLAND REAL ESTATE.
$1000— ON Peralta St.. Just north of Seventeenth^
sunny side: lot 25x110; street work all done;
'modern cottage of & rooms, bath and base-
ment; owner leaves the Ptate this month and
must sell; terms If desired. WILLIAM J.
DINGEE, 90$ Broadway. Oakland.
¦ .
$2000— FINEST cottag* of 4 rooms, bath anl
besament in Oakland: 30- foot lot; near Pied-
mont car line; nne neighborhood. WILLIAM
J. DINGEE. 903 Broadway. •
J225O— TWO-STORY house ot 7 rooms and bath:
lot 37:6x100: on Fourth st., near Harrison:
big bargain. WILLIAM J. DINGEE, 903
Broadway. __^^___^___
£60(V-SWELLEST 5-room cottage ever built:
contains reception hall, parlor, dining-room,
kitchen, two bertrooms. large bathroom, por-
celain bath, all latest plumbing, cemented
basement, with laundry, large closets: lot 4Cx
110; fine location: street work all done; naw
Improvements on all sides. WILLIAM J.
DINGEE. 9u3 Broadway.
$175 CASH. S10 monthly: new cottage. 3 large
rooms; 7-foot basement; brick foundation : 4
large level lots, S0x2i6; price all told. T773:
will fence and finish up to suit buyer: plenty
of good water: soil, climate and view the very
best: close to electric car line and 90-foot wide
boulevard, and not far from model school-
house; no fogs nor raw winds here; Fruitvale.
adjoining East Oakland; 10 buildings gone up
already; more coming: call or send for circu-
lar' 435 Seventh St., near corner Broadway.
Oakland; carriage free. HENRY Z. JONE3.
owner.
$2730— HOME AT A BARGAIN-$273).
New home of ( large rooms, enameled bath,
open plumbing, high basement and all modern
Improvements; lot 50x140 feet (note the slit),
with open lawn, gravel driveway, stone walks,
good substantial barn, fruit trees, etc.: all In
flrst-class condition; house newly painted and
well rented; nicest locality near Grove st.:
Btreet work all done; chances like this ars
scarce; look Into It at once; title perfect and
no mortgage; call or write.
GEO. W. AUSTTN A CO.,
IOCS Broadway, Oakland.
$13iQ— OWNER In New York: modern EaitUki
cottage, with hall. bath, bay-windows, high
basement and brick foundation; lot 37:5x11}
feet; street work complete: stone walks laid;
near school, churches and cars: sunny ail
day; nice garden; good neighborhood; tltlo
perfect and no mortgage: look Into this bar-
gain. GEO. W. AUSTIN & CO.. 1008 Broad-
way. Oakland.
NEAT cottage and lot 29x100. on corner Thir-
tieth and Union sts.; taken on mortgage;
$730 takes It on terms. SALSBURY. CJ
Ninth si. Oakland.
|1J*00— WORTH f230O.
Corner: store with fixtures, etc., and 4 fin*
living rooms, barn; lot. 39x100; an opening for
grocery or bakery: terms If desired. J. S.
MYERS, 1003 Broadway, Oakland.
For Additional Classified AdvertlJO-
znexLta See Page TMrtsr*First Baptist. Eddy street, near Jones— Rer.
B. A. Woods.
St Mary's Cathedral. Van Ness avenue and
O'Farrell street— Rev. J. J. Prendergast.
St. Ignatius, Hayes street and Van Ness
avenue— Jesuit Fathers.
St. Mary's, corner California and I>upont
etreets— Paullst Fathers.
Third Congregational. Fifteenth street,
near Mission— Rev. "William Kader.
First Congregational, corner Post and Ma
son etreets— Rev. George C. Adams.
Olivet Congregational. Seventeenth and Noe
etreets— Rev. H. T. Shepard.
Howard Street M. E.. Howard street, be
tween Second and Third— Rev. John A. B.
Wilson.
Fifteenth Avenue M. E.. South San Fran
cisco—Rev. Arthur Anderson.
Simpson Memorial M. E.. corner Haye« and
Buchanan streets— Rev. John Stephens.
Ep worth M. E., corner Church and Twenty-
Bixth streets— Rev. W. M. Woodward.
Potrero M. E.. Tennessee street, near So
lano—Rev. S. M. Woodward.
Grace M. E., corner Twenty-first and Capp
streets— Rev. J. N. Beard.
California Street M. E.. corner California
and Broderick streets— Rev. A. C. Bane.
First M. E., Powell street, near Washing
ton—Rev. Frank K. Baker.
Central M. E., Mission street, between
Sixth and Seventh— Rev. S. D. Hutsln
p tiler.
Richmond M. E., Fourth avenue, between
Point Lobos avenue and Clement street-
Rev. A. E. Ulrlch.
A. M. E. Zlon, 805 Stock-ton street— Rev. T.
Brown. i ;. ' ;
St. Luke's. Van >"«bs avenue and Clay
street. >:' i>
First English Lutheran. Geary street, near
Cough — Rev. E. Nelander.
St. John's Prebyterlan. corner California
and Octavla streets— Rev. George O. El
dredge.
Memorial Presbyterian. Eighteenth and
Railroad avenues— Rev. H. N. Bevler.
First Presbyterian. Van Ness avenue and
Sacramento street— Rev. R. Mackenzie.
Calvary Presbyterian, corner Geary and
Powell streets— Rev. John Hemphlll.
Westminster Presbyterian, Page and Web
eter streets— Rev. E. H. Avery.
Stewart Memorial, Guerrero street, near
Twenty- third— Rev. W. E. Dugan.
Trinity, corner Bush and Gougb. streets —
Rev. Frederick W. Clampett.
Second Unitarian, corner Capp and Twen
tieth streets— Rev. E. M. S. Hodgln.
First Unitarian, southwest corner Geary
and Franklin streets— Rev. Bradford Leav
itt.
First Church of Christ. Scientists. Central
block. 223 Sutter street, between Kearny
street and Grant avenue— The Bible and
Science ana Health, With Key to the
Scriptures. <¦
A new lodge of the Knights of Pythias
was Instituted at Carters, Tuolumnc
County, \ last night with a good charter
list. A. A. Grant of Sonora was the in
stituting officer.
Knights of Pythias.
Bohemian Circle gave a pleasant party
last week, the attendants being: highly
entertained by the programme presented.
This circle will have four candidates to
initiate next Thursday. .
The grand officers paid an official visit
to Piedmont Circle in Oakland last week
Past Supreme Grand Chief Companion
M. Boehm will Institute two new circles
In Los Angeles, one on the ISth of Octo
ber and one on the 23d. .
On the last Saturday in September Loy
al Circle of the Companions of the Forest
gave a social In the assembly hall of the
A. O. F. building, the first' it has given
since It returned to that place. There
was a well arranged programme of dances
and those present spent a pleasant even-
Ing.
Companions of the Forest.
SERVICES THIS DAY
AT THE CHURCHES^
Morninir— "Jerus Christ Change* Not."
Evening— "John the Baptist tho Hsr&ld
Of Christ."
Morning— Rev. Philip O"Ryan will deliver
the discourse at the 11 o'clock mus. Even
ing—Preaching by the Rev. Father Pren
dergast.
Morning— Rev. Father Mahoney, S. J., vr\\\
deliver tho sermon at the 10:30 o'clock
mass. Evening— Rev. Father Wooda. 3.
J.. will preach on "Loretto."
Morning— Preaching by one of the fathers at
the 11 4 o'clock mass. Evening— Vespers.
Morning— Sacrament of tho Lord's supper
and reception of the members. Evening —
"The Yellow Peril and the White World."
Morning— "The Value of Temptation."
Evening— "The GonDel of a Mile."
Morning — "Creeds." Evening — "Preferawnt
In Honor."
Morning— Communion service, with appro
priate sermon. Evening— "The Test of
Fine Manhood."
Morning— Preaching. Evening— Same.
Morning — Preaching by tho pastor. Even
ing—"The Note of Eternal Gladness."
Morning— Preaching by the pastor. Evea
¦ ing— Same.
Morning — Preaching. Evening — Same.
Morning— Preaching by the pastor. Even- .
ing— Same.
Morning — "Tho Glorious Church." Evening
—"The Law of Harvests."
Momlnjc— "A Vision of tho Supernatural." i
Evening — "A Consecrated Personality."
Morning— "Persuading Cs to Be Christians " !
Evening— "We Love Him Because Ha
First Loved Us." _. • --. .;,
Morning— Preaching by tho pastor. Even- '
Ing— Same.
Morning— "Omwth in Grace." Evening—
"Let Down the Net."
Morning— Services. Evening— Same.
Morning— "The California Sabbath." Even-
Ing— "The Face of Jesus."
Mprntng-Rev. Bert Es-tes Howard of the
Stanford University will preach. Evening-
Same.
Morning— "Saints Faithful In Enhesus."
Evenins— "Conscience."
Morning— Preaching by the pastor. Even
ing—Rev. Francis Murphy will preach.
Morning— Preaching by the pastor. Evenl
Ing— "The Potter's Power Over the Clay/'
Morning— "An Excellent Choice." Evenin*
-"What Does the Sixth Commandment
Mean Nowadays?" ~*uiueni.
Morning— "Christ's Estimate of Sin." Ev»n
in-- "A Deslrablo President." en "
Morning — Communion. Evening Prayer
Morning— Sermon by the pastor Evening
"Intellectual Uncertainty." *vening—
Morning— "Christianity As It I» T=,.»w. '
and the Religion «f Jesus." Tau sat,
Morning— "Doctrine of Atonement." \
Many of the members of the defunct
grove in Vallejo have deposited their card3
with Benicia Grove of Benicia. There is
a proposition to reorganize a grove in
Vallejo.
The officers of the Past Arches' Asso
ciation were installed in Druids* Hall, last
Sunday, after which there was a collation
to celebrate the event. There were
speeches by the officers of the new asso
ciation. More than seventy past arches
have already Joined the association. The
officers are James F. Martinoni. president:
James Hagan, vice president; John M.
Graves, secretary: E. H. Maginnis, treas
urer; I,. Palmer, guard, and L. M. Fab
bry, messenger.
This afternoon Morvln Grove will hold
a special meeting in Redwood City to re-
Noble Grand Arch Henry Lange was In
this city last "Wednesday, en route for offi
cial visits south. He reports that the
groves in Napa' County are doing good
work and that they will make a creditable
increase during the first half of the term.
The Druids.
Oakland Lodge has Increased its mem
bership to 300 and has four applications to
act upon. •
Felix Cohn of Eugene City Lodge is In
the German Hospital in this city to be
treated for an injury to one of his legs.
He broke it some time ago, but as it
was improperly set it had to be broken
again.
San Jose Lodge has reached the 223
mark and expects to have twenty-five
more members before the close of the
year.
New lodges will be organized shortly at
Suisun, Petaluma and Santa Rosa.
Esteemed Leading Knight Dunn will
shortly leave on an extended tour East,
and he may go to Paris. The memorial
committee Is hard at work preparing for
the event. E. N. Short is the chairman
and A. J. Carmany secretary of the com
mittee. The pedestrian annex will go on
a tramp over the hills near Fruitvale to
day. Last week the annex went to the
Cllft through the park. Pedestrian Bulger
being in the lead all the time: Pedestrian
Hall a close second. The important mat
ter of taking steps to have the Grand
Lodge meet in this city in 1902 will be
discussed at a special meeting to be held
on the 12th inst.
Exalted Ruler Bonnet of San Francisco
Lodge is improving slowly from the ef
fects of the recent injury to his kneecap.
The Elks.
which appears: "We send this, the re
sult of an entertainment given In behalf
of the home, in the hope that it will help
to brighten the lives of the little ones and
make their lot pleasurable."
Supreme President Mrs. Dygert will
shortly remove to St. Helena and will
make that her future Lome. She will ten
der her resignation as supreme president.
Last Tuesday evening Pioneer Lodge
added to its membersmp by receiving 1 two
strangers by initiation.
Last Thursday night the supreme offi
cers paid a visit to America Lodgo and
¦were ¦well received and entertained.
Friends of the Forest.
Next Wednesday evening Rev. Father
John P. McQualde. formerly with ths
United States Volunteers in the Philip
pines, will lecture before San Francisco
Council No. 7 in Pioneer Hall on "LJfa
on Two Continents." The lecture will be
preceded by musical and literary num
bers. This is to be a complimentary af
fair, to which tickets may be had of
Grand Secretary Stanley and members of
the council.
Young Men's Institute.
Hesperian Grove No. 15 and Laurel
Grove No. 17 will Join with Manzanita
Grove No. 106 on the occasion of the offl-
Hal visit on the night of the 23th Inst.
There will be a grand time in the grove
that night.
El Dorado Circle has appointed a com
mittee to arrange for a Christmas tre«
party, to be given during the latter part
of next December.
Sonoma Grove after a Ions slumber ha3
had an r.wakenlng and at Its last held
meeting Initiated several candidates.
As soon as the charter authorizing th»
organization of the Grand Circle or th»
Druidesses arrives In this city the worlc
of organization will go on, as all arrange
rnents to that end have been made.
Golden Gate Circle will give a social ln^
Austrian Hall, on the night of the 30th.
inst.
Golden Star Grove U making prepara
tions to give a grand welcome to the
grand officers on the night of the 17th
inst. This grove, which Is prospering, has
chosen as officers a number of men who
stand high In business and professional
circles.
The Ninth of September celebration
committee has received from the grand
marshal of the parade committee a letter
congratulating the Druiaa upon the fine
display made on Admission day.
volta Grove has since last May initiated
fifteen strangers and at every meeting
since then has conferred degrees.
celve the Brand officers on their return
from Santa Cruz, Salinas and San Jose.
At that meeting there will be present the
officers and members of the grove at ilay
rield and representatives of the groves In
this city and In Colma. A large class of
strangers -will be Initiated and It is ex
pected that there will be a. grand time lor
all who shall attend.
AT THE GRAND ENCAMPMENT. I. O. O. F.. AT REDDING. OCiX>BER
IS. Mil. FOSTER OP SAN DIEGO "WILL. BECOME JUNIOR PAST
GRAND AND MR. GOMME OF GRASS VALLET GRAND PATRIARCH.
The amount contributed by Templar
Rebekah Lodge to the orphans' hospital
fund was $50. Lebanon Lodge of Stockton
has contributed a like sum, while Aurelia
Lodge of Bridgeport, instituted last De
cember, contributed $48 50 to the home
accompanying the same with a letter In
The drill that was given last week by
San Francisco Rebekah Drill Corps No. 2.
in the assembly hall of the Odd Fellows'
building, was witnessed by a large num
ber of people, Including the members of
Canton No. 5, Patriarchs' Militant, Cap
tain Kornbeck, and several military men.
These last described, who are experts' in
drilling, declare that the execution of the
movements in marching by the young
ladies was as perfect as any body of hu
man beings can do anything when «cting
In unison. There was no hesitancy when
an order was given, but It was executed
with promptitude and precision. If the
ladies of the corps do as well at Redding
during the competition with other corps
as they did on the occasion of the exhi
bition drill they stand an excellent chance
of carrying away the trophy offered. Gen
eral H. O. Brower. who was present with
his staff, also paid a high compliment to
the ladles for their appearance and drill.
The Itebekahs.
The indications are that there will be a
very large attendance of members of the
order at the Grand Encampment that will
open in Redding on the 16th inst.
Grand Secretary Shaw returned from
the East last Monday after an absence
of five weeks.
Grand Patriarch Foster during the past
week visited Santa Barbara, Pasadena.
San Bernardino and Riverside. At the
last named place ten candidates were in
itiated in the patriarchal branch. All the
encampments are reported as going well.
Last Wednesday night Farnsworth
Lodge celebrated its fifth anniversary by
a reunion of members and entertainment
for them and lady friends in Memorial
Hall in the Odd Fellows' building. The
programme Included the following: Frank
McGowan, address; Harry L. Hastings,
banjo selections; William Hines. In inim
itable f-kctches; William J. O'Brien, tenor
solo, selected; Frank Poole, "The Peerless
Drum Major"; T. Hickey, choice selec
tions; S. <F. Thors, dentiphone solo; Pro
fessor Alfred Benzon, the world's premier
illusionist.
Last Monday night Fidelity Lodge, I. O.
O. F.. resumed its monthly open meeting
held on the first Monday of each month,
which !n September was omitted to make
way for an anniversary celebration. The
latest one held, the third under the direc
tion of the present noble grand, W. B.
Curtis, was as great a success as any
previously noticed. There was an attend
ance that tilled Memorial Hall in the Odd
Fellows' building to its limit. The pro
gramme included the following numbers:
J. E. Spink and sister, instrumental duet;
Arthur Mcrrifleld, piano selections; Miss
Grace Savage, contralto solo; Lillian
Fleming, soprano solo; Miss Alma Warn
holz. piano recital; Horace White, bary
tone solo; K. J. Walles, whistlinc solo;
William O'lirien, tenor solo, and G.
Steiner, monologue. Each number pre
sented was loudly applauded not because
it is the rule to do so but because each
deserved the applause so heartily be
stowed. This was particularly for the
piano and violin duet by Mr. and Miss
Spink. The open meetings of this lodge
are the talk of the order and friends, and
the demand for invitations increases
monthly. A dance followed the pro
gramme, and during the evening the mem
bers of the scclal club of Fidelity escaped
from the crowd and went to the lower
banquet hall, where they enjoyed a colla
tion before the dance.
Odd Fellowship.
i The grand patron, associate grand ma
tron and other grand officers paid a visit
; last week to Carlta Chapter. The grand
patron went to Sonora on. Thursday. On
Saturday he was in Gait and to-morrow
he ¦will be in Sacramento.
Last Thursday night the banquet hall
of Golden Gate Asylum was crowded with
a most appreciative audience that had as
sembled to enjoy a very fine programme
arranged for the children's night of
Golden Gate Chapter. Once a year tnla
chapter devotes a night to the children or
members and makes them feel that there
is something in the line of enjoyment for
the little ones as well as for the adults.
On the evening named the little ones were
allowed the use of the large hall while
the members were attending to chapter
business, and the youngsters had a jolly
time, keeping it up until the members
came down and took charge. For the en
tertainment of those present the follow
ing programme was carried out. the lltti*
ones acquitting themselves in a manner
that won them much applause: Song.
"America." by the children; recitation,
"Mother Goose's Rhymes," Edna Jones;
recitation, "Goinfr on an Errand." Ruth
Wagner; piano polo, Ruth Christesen; rec
itation, 'Seven Times One." Lois Jones;
recitation, "Papa's Letter," Annie Wag
ner: recitation, "In Society," Ruth Moe
bus; piano solo. Ruby Collins; recitation,
"The Adventures of Miltiades Peterkln
Paul," Mae Charleston: recitation. "The
Raggedy Man," Clare Fahrenholtz^ song,
Louise Langley; piano solo, Winfred Moe
bus; recitation, "The Little Boy That Was
Afraid." Marcella Collins; recitation,
"The Welch Classics," Tessle Wagner;
cornet solo, McLean sisters.
The programme closed with "Uncle
Billy Moses," the founder of the order on
this coast, telling what he knows about
babies. Then followed games for the lit
tle ones, the distribution of a box of fine
candles to each child and the serving of
Icecream. The older people enjoyed a
dance during the evening. The very agree
able party was under the direction of
Mrs. Janie E. Charleston, chairman of
the committee; Mrs.' Emily Pardee Du
ren, Mrs. Ada Roxy Duncan. Mrs, Mary
Frances Fahrenholtz, Mrs. Virginia Lang
loy, Mrs. Amelia Haas. Mrs. Anna Eme
lie Christesen, Florin Leslie Jones. Wil
liam Schuyler Moses. Martin August C.
Christesen and William Frederick Gus
tave Moebus.
King Solomon Chapter at its meeting
last Wednesday had among the visitors
Mrs. Hickle, matron of Mission Chapter;
Mrs. Katz. past matron of Queen Esther
Chapter of Suiter Creek, and a unmber
of members of the local chapters. After
the business of the evening there were
interesting remarks by the visitors, after
which refreshments were served, and then
under the direction of Mrs. Martha E.
Blade, the worthy matron, there were a
series of games and dancing until mid
night.
To-morrow night Beulah Chapter will
have its monthy social time after the
routine, business.
At the meeting of Yerba Buena Chap
ter last evening twenty-six applications
were acted, upon by ballot.
The Eastern Star.
LATEST FRATERNAL NEWS
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, OCTOBER 7, 1900.
V
30
SCHMIDT— In this city, October 2. 1900, to the
wife of William F. C. Schmidt, a daughter.
SCHWAB— In this city. September 26, 1900, to
the wife of Manfred Schwab, a daughter.
SELHORN— In this city, September 27. 1900, to
the wife of William J. Selhorn, a son.
TREDINNICK— In this city, October 6. 1900. to
the wife of James Tredinnlck. a son.
MARRIED.
AUST— BECKER-In this city. October 8, 1900,
by the Rev. J. Fuendellng. Frank W. Aust
and Henrietta M. Becker.
ERNST-MOELLER— In this city, September 29.
l!)00. by the Rev. J. Fuendeling, Charles Ernst
and Mlnnis Moeller.
HENNING— SCHLICKER— In this city, Octo-
ber 3, 19'X). by the Rev. J. Fuendeling-, Julius
C. Hcnnlr.gr and Minnie A. Schllcker.
O'NEIL— JONES— In this city, September 27,
1900, James O'Neil and Bessie Jones.
EANBORN— ROWLES— In Reno. Nev.. October
3, 1900. Dr. F. H. Sanborn and Emma Rowles,
both of San Francisco.
SCHRAUBSTADTER-WESTERFELD— In this
city. October 3, 1900, by Judge Groezinger,
Ernst O. Schraubstadter of St. Louis, Mo.
and Ella M. Westerfeld of San Francisco.
ROOMS TO LET— Fam. and I'nfarn.
FOLSOM.. 9C5. ' cor. 6th (The Oliver)— New fur-
nished eunny rms, single or suites; reasonable.
. FOURTH. 225— Nice sunny room for two; also
single room.
FULTON. £43 — A nice large front room; terms
reasonable.
GEARY. 405 (The Navarre)— Elegantly furnished
rms.: suites or single; travelers accommodate!.
GEARV. 1012 — 3 nice, sunny rooms, furnished or
. unfurnished, with use of bath and telephone.
GRAND SOUTHERN, southeast corner Seventh
and Mission t>ts.— Sunny rooms, en suite cr
single; ladies' parlor; reading-room; elei-ator.
HARRISON. 731— Back single room; bath;
rent $4.
HYDE. 407B— Furnished room; runny; private
family.
LAKKIX. "07. near Kills— Large newly fur-
nished rooms: bath: single or suite; prlv. fam.
LAS PALMAS. 1S20 Market St.— Suite of 2 or 3 \
rms.; private; bath; sin. rms.; board optional. '
LEAVENWORTH. 711— Large sunny back room; :
gas. closet, bath: run. water; gents; refs. 1
LEA YEN WORTH. 1521-3 rooms; private house;
upstairs ; rent J10.
LINDEN ave.. 320 — Sunny front, comfortable,
room for centlemen; private laniily.
MAEON, 1111— Large, nicely furnished room
suitable for two centlemen.
MINNA. C6T. cor. Eighth— New furnished bay-
j window room. $1 per week; transient.
! MISSION] 932Vt^-Sunny front hall room; suit-
able for lady or gentleman.
MISSION. 1221, one. block from new postofnee—
I Sunny front room; $>.
I NINTH. 13o — 2 sunny furnished rooms: bath:
Jjras^
NEW ARLINGTON. 1015 Market it— Nicely
furnished rooms. $2 a week up; tie a day up. j
O'FARRELL. ;o — Sunny furn!ih«d rooms and
offices, ; elevator; electric lights; day. wk.. mo. j
O'FARRELL. 213S— Two single sunny furnished
rooms for gentlemen.
ROSEDALE Hcure. 319 and 321 E'lls St.— Rooms,
nlgrht L6c to $1. wesk fl IS to S4: open night.
I ROYAL Hou«e, 126 Ellis st.— Incandescent light; I
reading room, smoking r<">om and ladles' par-
lor; rooms, per nieht. 2ac to SI SO; week, $2 to
*(¦: month. $R to 130; elevator on ground floor;
rooms wtth hot and cold water: baths.
fHEi:MAN Apartment House. 2S Elehth St..
near Market— Furnished or unfurnished.
SIXTH. MS— Sunny furnished rooms for light
I bouFf-keeplnc: also other rooms.
STEVENSON. 1107 — 4 sunny unfurnished rooms;
?4 per month: no children.
THIRD, 814— Nicely furnished runny rooms;
reasonable.
j WEBSTER. 711— 4*larr- Funny rooms, parlors.
I dining-room, kitchen; everything complete.
j $6 A MONTH-PiUln* and bedroom: finely fur- !
I nished: sunny; rentieman. Box 21 J6, Call, i
: CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
I received at Call branch office. 2200 Fl'.lmore st.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements an.l
subscriptions has been established at 1096
Valencia gt.
ROOMS WAXTED.
BY man and wife, for housekeeping, three or
four sunny rooms, north of Market Bt. ; un-
furnished preferred: preference also for pri-
vate family. Box 2237. Call offlce. ,
2 T'NFURNISHED rooms, connected, for lady: '
location Market to Po*t. Leavenworth to
Franklin. Box 2268. Call office.
ROOMS AND HOARD.
BOARD and rooms at 41s First st., near Mar-
! risen.
I Gl'ERRERO. 114— Newly furnished sunny rms. ;
I also alcove suite and sir.ele rooms; board op.
! NICELY furnished room, with board; use par-
j lor. piano, phene. SoO Van Ness ave.
PACIFIC ave.. 1T1R— FirFt-class board and
room for rentieman and wife or two gen-
tlemen: references; bath and phone.
PRIVATE family (8 adults), large sunny room;
' prate; Fuitable for 1 or 2: moderate to desir-
able parties. 1'12 Franklin ft.
j ROOMS AND BOARD WANTED.
YOUNG rlrl wishes room and board; state
terms. Box 1»2. Call offlce.
SPECIAL ."NOTICES. >
LADIES — Chlchester's Ensllsh Pennyroyal Pills
are the best: safe, reliable; take no other;
fend 4c stamps for particulars; "Relief for
Ladles" In letter by return mall: at dtug-
glsts. Chlchenter Chemical Co.. Phlladt-L. Pa.
IJAD tenants ejected for $4: collections made;
city or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION CO..
413 Montgomery it., rooms 9-10: tel. 55SC.
ROOMS papered from $2 50; whitened. $1 up;
¦ painting done. Hartman Paint Co.. 319 Third.
SEWING MACHINES AND S Vr 1'LIKS.
ALL k!nd« bought, sold, rented, exchanged; re-
pairir? lowest rates; open even. 205 Fourth, j
j BOUGHT, sold, rented, repaired; needles and i
! shuttles; reduced rates. 145 6th; phone Mint 45.
ALL kinds bought, sold and repairing guaran-
teed. Clmrle* Plambeck. 1915 Mission, nr. lath. |
storage: a.\o warehouses. j
BEKINS Van and Storage Co., 722 Mission st.;
tel. Main 1S40; shipping at cut rates.
WILSON BROS., storage and moving: covered j
var.s. Tenth and Market: phone South 762. |
PACIFIC Stornse and Furniture Moving Com-
pany. 2220 Fillmore st.; phone Jackson iil.
.TYPEWRITERS ANIl SUPPLIES.
GREAT BARGAINS IN TYPEWRITERS— We
I sell better machines for less money than any
I house in the city: rentals, S3. The Typewriter
I Exchange. 63C California; telephone Main 266. !
ALWAYS bargains In typewriters; any make.
Write for prices to L. & M. ALEXANDER.
110 Montgomery st.
NEW typewriter*. $S down. $5 month payments.
REVALK. 409 California st.
UIVipiSNO NOTICES.
OFFICE of Sierra Railway Company of Cali-
fornia, room 223. Crocker building. San Fran-
j Cisco. Cal.. October 1. 1S90— Coupon No. 7, due
C»ctober 12. U>00. from first mortgage six (6)
per cent bonds of Sierra Ry. Co. of Cal.. will
be paid at the fiscal aeency of this company,
the Crocker-Woolworth National Bank, on
and after that date. ,
S. D. FRESHMAN, Treasurer.
DIVIDEND notice— The Giant Powder Cora-
pany. Con. A dividend, No. 22, of Seventy-
five Cents (73c) per share on the Issued
capital stock of the company has been de-
clared, payable at the offlce of the company.
430 California St.. San Francisco, on October
10. 1S00. Transfer books close October 3. 1300,
at noon.. .A. A. SPARKS. Secretary.
MARRIAGE LICENSES.
The following marriage licenses were issued
yesterday:
I Andrew B. Jorgensen. 23. 2641 Harrison street.
i and Christine Bose. 24. 27 Liberty street.
George W. Ulaikie Jr., 23, Oakland, and May
I Fromm, IS, Berkeley.
Michael Millerlck. 23, Pstaluma, and Ida L.
Tattm. 21, Petaluma.
George F. Daley. 21. 3314 Twenty-sixth street,
and Minnie T. Schenk. 16. 3514 Twenty-sixth st.
Louis EDfteln. 35, 208' Shipley street, and
Sarah Zuckerman. 29. 20S Shipley street.
Henry B. Young, 24, Campbell, and Bessie
Taylor, 19. I^adner, B. C.
Walter Francis, 34. 260314 Larkin street, and
Frances Gallarher. 26. 1S19 Eddy street.
David C. Schweizer. 27. 1814 Pine street, and
Alire C. Voorsanper. 24. 1249 Franklin street.
I Ole Staongon. 42, city, and Ella L. Fay, 36,
I city.
j David H. Martin. 24. STA Minna street, and
Kllen M. Johnson. 19. 2."i Sherwood street.
I Frederick W. Piper. 2<5. 1428 Filbert street,
! and Gertrude P. Aiken, 17, Pofi Geary street.
Philip F. \Ves»ndunk. 2/.. lf.31 Dolore* street,
and Nettie M. Bowen. 24. 41B4 Twenty-sixth st.
Henry Menesini, 23. C10 Filbert street, and
Carolina* Sada. 23,- 4 Geary court.
BIRTHS— MARRIAGES— DEATHS. '
Birth, marriage «nd death notices sent by
mall will not be Inserted. They must be handed •
I in at either of the publication offices and be'
Indorsed with the name and residence of per-
sons authorized to have the same published.
ABRAHAM— In this'city. September 26. 1900. to
the wife of Louis J. Abraham, a daughter.
BOWERS— In this city. September 29. 1900, to •
the wife of Harry Bowers, a" daughter.
CAMPBELL— In this city. September 22. 1900,
to the wife of William J. Campbell Jr., a
daujhter.
COMSTOCK— At Tallac, Lake Tahoe, Cal.,
September 27. 1900, to the wife of H. O. Corn-
stock (nee llalnque), a daughter.
CONNOR— In this city. September 30. 1900 to '¦
the wife of Patrick Conner, a daughter.
ELLJS— In this city. October 1. 1S00. to the wife
of William C. Ellis, a daughter.
JACOBS— In this city, to the wife of John A.
Jacobs, a son.
MOHL'N— In. this city, to the wife of Dr. C. C.
lilohun. a daughter.
MURRAY— I:i West Oakland, September 24,
1900. to the wife of William Murray, a daugh-
ter.
NELSON— In Oakland. September 23, 1900, to
. the wife of James Nelson, twin sons.
PALMER— In this city, October 2, 1900, to the
wiTe of Harry Palmer, a eon. J
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Lots of pretty patterns
and choice colorings in
Smith's Axminster Carpets
— borders to match,
$i a Yard.
Come and see the Carpets
— always welcome whether
you buy or not.
Persons interested • in
Rugs, Carpets, Linoleums,
Curtains, Mattings, etc.,
should watch our big win-
dow displays of exclusive
goods. Changed weekly.
Scfaluetci;
215-217 Sutter St., above Kearny.
ICT'FTiends and acquaintances are respect-
fuliy Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
DIED.
Bare, Henrietta Leach. Mrs. M. C.
Biggins, John J. I*!wls. Maria L.
Ulauc, Susan E. Mason. Charles
Bloom. Nellie Meyer. Anna M.
Ureeden. Eva M. Metzler. Charles J. B.
Brown. Nathaniel B. Nelson, Laurence F.
Buckley. Mark A. Noonan, Matilda
Cahill. William O'Brien. Hugh
Caird. Mary O'ltourke, Catherine
Cole, Mary B. O'SullIvan. Jeremiah
Ccok. Elizabeth M. Ohnimus Charles
Cowing. Mrs. Ann Oulif. Alexis
Iie.«ca!ao. Mary Peters. Mary A.
Fleming, Kllen Plummer. Nellie L.
Galbralth. William Prowse. Andrew J.
Gordon. (Jeorae \V. Hathbone. Julia
Gunn. Annie Fanderur. Frances T.
llerlng Walter C. O. Schmld. John
Hunter. Sarah W. Sullivan. James
Kellv. Joseph A. Thompson, Charles
¦ I^ageman. Henry Thompson. Charles O.
I Langford. George H^ Zussman. Claire
I BARE— In this city. October e, J900, Henrietta,
I wife of the late Edward Bare, beloved mother
of lrwln. Berthold and Helen Bare, and sis-
ter of Mrs. H. A. Kosenbaum, a native of
Germany, aged 44 years C months and IS days.
(New York papers please, copy.)
CTTrlends and acquaintances are respect-
1 fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Sunday), at 2 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 626 Grove street. Interment Home of
Peace Cemetery, by special train from Third
and Townsend streets at 3:30 o'clock.
BIGGINS— In this city. October 6, 1500, John
James, dearly beloved son of John and the
late Mary J. Biggins, and brother of William,
Mary, Margaret, Julia. Nellie and James Big-
6in3, a native of San Francisco, aged 20 years
h months and 22 days. (Butte, Mont., papers
please copy.)
CTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Sunday), at 8 o'clock sharp, from his late
residence, 225 Montcalm street, thence to St.
Peter's Church, Twenty-fourth and Alabama
streets, where a requiem high masi will be
celebrated for the repose of his soul, com-
mencing at 8:30 o'clock. Interment Holy
j Cross Cemetery.
BLANC— In Alameda, October 6. 1900. at the
home of her sister, Susan E. Blanc, widow of
Alexander Blanc. In her seventieth year.
{C7"Notice of funeral hereafter.
BLOOM— In this city, October 6. 1900, Nellie,
beloved wife of Douglas Bloom, mother of
Harry Bloom, sister of Mrs. J. R. Hall and
Mrs. F. C. Ellworthy. and aunt of Mrs. May
Garcia, a native of Dexter. Me., aged 42 years
and 6 months. (Sacramento papers pleas.;
copy.)
ICTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
j (Monday), at 1 o'clock, from the parlors of
1 H. F. ffuhr & Co.. 1137 Mission street, between
Seventh and Eighth. Interment Laurel Hill
Cemetery.
BREEDEN— In this city. October 6, 1900, Eva
Moody, wife of Henry C. Breeden. and daugh-
ter of Ida J. and the late Joseph L. Moody,
ased 23 years 4 months and 13 days.
C7"Funeral and Interment private. Please
omit flowers.
BROWN— In Yountvllle. October 4, 1900. Nath- I
anlel Bartlett Urown, dearly beloved husband
of Sarah D. Brown, and beloved father of
Mrs. M. Rhodes. Mrs. i>. D. Crawley. Mrs.
A. D. Forster, Mrs. E. Karpe and C. N.
Brown, a native of Sherbourne. N. Y., aged
76 years and 6 months. A member of George
H. Thomas Post No. 2. G. A. R.. and Seven
Pines Circle. (New York end Vermont papers j
please copy.) !
Ht7"Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(.Sunday), at 1 o'clock, from George H.
Thomas Post No. 2. G. A. R.. headquarters.
Red Men's Hall. SI0 Post street. Interment j
National Cemetery. Remains at the parlors
of the Gantner & Guntz Undertaking Com-
pany. 1209 Mission street, between Eighth and
Ninth, until 11 o'clock Sunday.
BUCKLEY— In Santa Cruz. October 6. 1900,
Mark A. Buckley, a native of Lancashire,
Encland, aeeil 6-5 years.
CAHILl^— In this city. October 6, 1900, Wil-
liam, beloved husband of the late Hannah
Cahill, and father of William, John and
James Cahill and Mrs. B. Quill, a native of
Thurles. County Tipperary, Ireland, aged -66
years.
(E7"FrIends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
j (Sunday), at 1 o'clock, from his late renl-
I dence, UB Sheridan street, thence to St. Jo-
| seph's Church for services. Interment Mount
| Calvary Cemetery.
CAIRD— Entered Into rest October 4, 1900,
Mary Caird, beloved mother of Mrs. Alice
Adams and the late Gcorce B. Caird, and
beloved aunt of George, William, Charles,
Peter. Edward and Robert Luhman. a na-
tive of Ireland, aged 72 years. (New York
and New Orleans papers please copy.)
tC7Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Sunday), at 12:30 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence. 1C29 Greenwich street, thence to St.
Francis Church • for services. Interment
Mount Calvary Cemetery. On Monday. Octo-
ber 8, there will be celebrated a requiem high
mass lor the repose of her soul, commencing
at 8 o'clock.
COLE— In this city. October 6, 1900. Mary B.,
widow of th« late James M. Cole, and mother
of James. John, Thomas and Katherlne Cole
and the late Mary. Lizzie and Susie Cole, a
native of Dublin, Ireland, aged 70 years.
C^Notice of funeral hereafter.
COOK— In this city, October G, 1900, Elizabeth
M., beloved wife of Walter A. Cook, and
mother of Myrtle ana the late Carroll Cook, a
nathe of Oakland, Cal., aged 27 years.
£?¦ Friends and acquaintances are respect- j
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow '
(Monday), at 8:30 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence. 1609 Waller street, near Cole, thence to
St. Agnes Church. Masonic avenue and Page
street, where a requiem high mass will
be celebrated for the repose of her soul,
commencing at 9 o'clock. Interment St.
Mary's (Oakland) Cemetery.
COWING— In this city. October 6. 1900, Mrs.
Ann Cowing, a native of England, aged 75
years.
CyFriends and acquaintances are respect-,
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Monday), at 2:30 o'clock, from the parlors of
H. F. Suhr & Co.. 1137 Mission street, between
Seventh and Eighth. Interment Laurel Hill
Cemetery.
DESCALSO— In this city. October 6, 1900, Mary,
beloved wife of Lura Descalso. and loving
mother of Mrs. T.* Bolder and Luke M., James
R. and the late Peter C. Descalso. a native of
County Cavan, Ireland, aged 72 years 9 months
and 10 days. (New York City papers please
copy. ) I
C7The funeral will take place to-morrom
(Monday), at 9 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 1922 Howard street, thence to St.
Charles Borromeo's Church, Eighteenth ami
Khotwell streets, where a solemn requiem high
mass will be celebrated for the repose of her
soul, commencing at 9:30 o'clock. Interment
Holy Cross Cemetery.
FLEMING— In this city. October 5. 1900, at her
residence, 217 Guerrero street, Ellen, beloved
daughter of Catherine and the late James
Fleming, a native of Boston, Mass.
E7The funeral will take place to-morrow
(Monday), at 9 o'clock, from Mission Dolores
Church, where a requiem high mass will be
celebrated for the repose of her soul at 9
o'clock. Interment private.
GALBRAITH— In this city. October 6, 1900, Wil-
liam Galbralth, pon of the late Rebecca Gal-
bralth. brother of Mrs. Margaret McKeever
and James and the late John Galbraith. and
uncle of Marian, Alma. Jessie and Harvey
Galbralth. a native of Ireland, aged 6S years.
(n7"Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to nttemj the funeral to-morrow I
(Monday), at 10 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence. 712 Castro street, thence by 11 o'clock
orcek boat to Oakland. Interment Mountain
View Cemetery.
GORDON— In the City and County Hospital,
October 6, 1060, George W. Gordon, a native
of Michf^tin.
GUNN— In this city. October 6. 1300. Annie,
dearly beloved wife of Robert Gunn, and
mother of William, Robert and George Gunn. I
a native of Worcester, Mass., aged 40 years 8
, months and 24 days. '
HERING— In this city. October 6. 1900. Walter
¦ C. O. Herlng, beloved son of Carl and Ma-
thllde Hering, and brother of Eisle and Hilda
Hering, a native of San Francisco, aged 8
. months and 22 days.
HUNTER— In Oakland. October 6. 1900, Sarah
. W., beloved wife of Robert J. Hunter, a na-
tive of New Hampshire, aged 63 years.
KELLY— In Loyalton, Joseph A., beloved" son
of Mary J. and Daniel Kelly, husband of the
late Annie Kelly (nee Bergst), father of Ag-
ues Kelly, ar.d trother of Mrs. J. F. Neary
and James. John, Louis and Mary Kelly, a
¦ native of Brooklyn, N. Y.. aged 40 years.
(E7"Omlt flowers. Funeral notice hereafter.
LAGEMAN— In this city, October 5, 1900,
Henry, beloved husband of Katherln Lage-
man. a native of Germany, aged 65 years. A
member of the Third Order of St. Francis.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
__^OAKLAXp REAI, ESTATE.
AN OAKLAND HOME OR INVESTMENT.
., rA INVESTMENTS.
Jl"'0,C0O~Flne Income burine^s property; an es-
Z taw - LA-YMANCE.
Jo5. 000— Finest Investment In Oakland; brick
block. LAYMANCE.
JSC0O— EtUte; corner; fine future; rents $700.
LAYMANCE.
112.500— Rents $560; mortgag* SCOW; take clear
home; enap. LAYMAXCE.
jrr&O— Clay-Et- corner; rents SZGO.
LATMANCE.
JTvTC— Store and flat; rents J27 a month.
LAYMANCE.
HOMES.
J23.OOO — Oakland mansion; nearly two acres;
bank safe. LAYMANCE.
JlS.OOtt— Central Oakland; cost $27,000; elegant
home. LAYMANCE.
112.500— Piedmont modern home; 12 acres; mort-
rage 111,000. LAYMANCE.
J16.000. cost J40.000— Modern residence: block
S'X'xSOa LAYMANCE.
J12.100, cort $25,000— Magnificent home; five
acres grounds. LAYMANCE.
JlO.000. cost tlS.OOO-Beautlful Eatt Oakland
home. LAYMANCE.
J12.0W' — Vernon Heights home; unexcelled looa-
ticn. . LAYMANCE.
lerflfr- Modern Lakeside district home. 11 rooms.
LAYMANCE.
JC150— Bargain ; choice S-room Lakeside corner
reeidence. LAYMANCE.
$4250 — Modern Lakeside district; 6 roome. fore-
closure. LAYMANCE. I
t"!w(>— New S rooms; McClure Heights-; a fine
home. LAYMANCE.
JClOO— Perfect bridal home; 7 rooms: never oc-
cupied. LAYMANCE. j
I2CS0 — Modern colonial: Adeline nation: T rooms;
terms. LAYMANCE. j
J2t,5u— SjOO cash; S rooms; eold once for J4J-J0.
LAYMANCE.
J2S90— T2*P cash; new; 6 room*; choice; East
OfckUnd. LAYMANCE.
J28X" — J2.VJ cash; new; 7 rcoins; Adeline station.
LAYMANCE.
frrro— Highlinc Park; elegar.t 6 rooms; 80x140;
sacrifice. LAYMANCE.
1-^50 — Nearly one acre: 6-room cottape; Twenty-
thlrd-ave. station. LAYMANCE.
52C90 — Choicest two acres fruit, near Oakland;
improved. LAYMANCE.
S265O— New 6 rooms; Adeline station; gotnt;
away. LAYMAXCE. !
J25W— New; 7 rooms; front* Telegraph ave.,
near I>rke>y. LAYMANCE.
J2. r -i* — S2M cat!.; new; S rooms; near Senator
PerklnF. LAYMANCE.
?•-'»"»— Beautiful 6-room cottaee; Market and
Nineteenth sts. LAYMANCE.
J230C— New ; 6 rooms; 35x123; choice; Clinton
Sftion- LAYMANCE. *
I2300— Alameda; bank Fale; fine home; rents CC. )
LAYMANCE.
ZZ7Z0 — Near Franklin and Fourteenth i=t». ; S
rooms; Fr.ap. LAYMANCE.
jCICG— Bar.k eale; eacrlflce; new; g rooms; cor-
. ncr- LAYMANCE.
JC&no— Market station; two-story; S rooms, er-
*«te. WVMAXCE. !
X2WXj — Cory E-room home near Telejrraph ave. j
LAYMANCE.
Jl.^V-Cczy colonial; 6 rooms; new; near Tele-
rraph ave. LAYMAXCE.
J16G0— JliO cath; J15 month; 2-etory: 7 rooms; J
. c .0xl20; Fsap. LAYMANCE. :
S15'* — Near Seventh and Broadway: 2-story; < J
moms: estate. LAYMANCE. i
J1I0O— $100 cash; modern; 5 roon:*; 4">xl()0; near
ftatlon. LAYMANCE.
!?'«>— Jloure. 7 rooms, bath; North Oakland sta-
tion- LAYMANCE.
$S«>— Twenty-third ave. station; cottaee 4 rooms;
. JJ; r « 7»«h ' UVMAXCE.
HOG— House, 3 rooms; lOOxlIS; near oar*; an es-
***<*•• LAYMANCE.
Call or wr'.te us. Information cheerfully given.
I^TMA-VCE REAL ESTATE CO.,
Office end Saleroom. 4S0-4G2 Eighth Et
Oakland.
BEAD THIS. •<-
O5» Lodtinc-bocag; 35 rooms; well located '
and doing B?ten614 business: open for lnspec- j
ttQft: will clear from JT5 to J100 per month net; i
rent only f3C>: illrfss the cause of tale: owner ',
1>f run th* house for 15 years and accumu- I
latec a ;rood Lank account, wants now to re- '
tire av.i po to Europe; everything Is lust a-s
represented ALDEN CO., HIS Broadway.
Oakland.
Jl«-n— TWO cottages. 4 rooms each, for sal*
rear Center Station; both for S1450; best bar- I
pair, in Oakland. ALDEN CO., HIS Broad- '
way.
Kt'RNISHED or unfurnished house of 8 laree
room* and bath: «=anitary plumbing; lot 60x
Tf-: o^trai l^f-Htion. Apr.lv S*> 79th nt.. OaVld. |
OAIvLA>k. HOUSES TO LET.
LAT.OE S-room bou5e, furnished; modern: One
location; reasonable; other bargains at E.
E. BUXCE, *-2 Broadway.
OOOD houses Get list rrom GEO. W. AUS-
TIN A,- CO.. TOPS Rroadway. Oakland.
OAKLAND FLVMTCIIB FOR SALK.
AN intioduction to ycu from H. Sehcllhau. th»
furniture n«-»]er. 11th and Fronklin. Oakland.
ROOMS FOIt IlOl'SEKEEPIXG.
BROADWAY. 63cA— Unfurnished single and I
housekeeping rooms to let at low rates. ;
CALIFORNIA. W2. near Powell-Furnishtd
houst-k^eping beautiful rooms; parlors.
CLAY. ;<21. near Fillmore— 2 larpe unfurnished
roorr*; uptwr flat: yard; water; rear; rent J7.
ELUS, £2L nr. iArkin— Newly furntched «ultt
of 2 rooms lor housekeeping; $15.
ELLIS. Ilr7— A nicely furnished front room.
tunable for hnu«-Ve«?r.:nir: kitchen adjoining.
FIFTH, Z.Z— Double parlors and kitchen fur-
nished; bath; CO; r.'.io 2 hall rooms. U and $5.
FOL6OU. SC4— Sunny housekeeping room;
closet. Ftove. bath; private; SC: or I rms JS.
FOLFOM, 1^>3. southeast cor. 9th— Large sunny
bay-wir.dcw housekeeping rooms; also others, j
GHOVE. 230. r.^ar Van Net? ave.— 2 runny front
moms; furnished for housekeeping; private. ;
HOWARD, illg— Nice airy housekeeping rooms;
also tingle; cheap.
LASKIE. 27. off Mission, bet. gth and Sth— S-
roomed flat furnished for housekeeping-; }10
j>er month.
MARKET, near Fifth— 2 rooms, furnished; fold-
ing bed; cas; 130. Particulars 342 ICearny Bt.
MINNA. 2S— Sunny furnished front rooms for j
housekeeping; single rms. 75c. Jl per week. I
OAK. lisu— Elegantiy furnished sunny parlor
mite; piano; housekeeping privileges if deslrd.
OAK. 119—2 funny rooms, furnished for heavy
housekeeping. J10; other single rooms cheap.
OTARRELL, USA— Nicely furnished sunny
rooms with privilege of light housekeeping.
POLK. £22— Furnished and unfurnished house-
keeping room; eunny; rent cheap.
POWELL, 2 f >3 — Front furnished room and
kitchen, with ftove, S3; front BUite, furnished
»7.
fILVER. 165. near Fourth— 2 or S cheap fur-
nished rooms for housekeeping.
6OUTH PARK. 125— Large sunny parlors;
porch; cook 6tove; housekeeping complete;
private family. |
STEVENSON. 4T2] coT Sixth— Sunny front |
housekeeping suite. j
STOCKTON. C03— Nice sunny furnished rooms,
«lngle or en suite; also housekeeping rooms;
rent reasonable.
TURK, 126 — Two furnished runny housekeep-
ing rooms ; running water: closet: no children.
VAN KESSL 400—3 well-furn. sunny connecting
rooms: private entrance: large yard; tubs.
2 OR 3 funny front rooms; jras stove; closets;
bath: reasonable. Ci8 Kill* et.
CLAFHIF1ED sdv<Ttlsement!i and subscriptions {
received at Call branch office. 22C0 Fillmore st. !
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and |
eubscriptlons has been established st 109u
Valencia et. !
ROOMS TO I,KT Pnrn. nnd I'nfarn.
A-BRUNSWICK House, 14S Sixth-Rooms^
to Jl per night; Jl 25 to J5 per week, and light
housekeeping; open all nieht.
A— SUTTER. 717. nr. Taylor— Sunny; choice;
reasonable: pleace investigate; bath.
BURNETT. 1426 Market <oid Na 1364)— Fur-
nished rms.. suite*, elngle; also unfurnished
BUSH. 224— Furnished sunny rooms, suits or
single, 25c per night up; transient.
BL'FH. r.20 (The Elk)— Changed hands: newly
renovated, nicely furn. sunny rms.. Jl E0 to J"
wetk: 25c to Jl 50 night. MRS. P. RANFT.
BUSH, ?1S3— I or 2 unfurnished front rooms.
BUSH. 2133— Furnished front sunn)- rooms; run-
ninr water. , ¦'¦y--.
CENTRAL House. C2 Second st. — Koomsc lie to
50c night, 7l>c to $2 per week.
CLARA, 1«, near Flfth-2 rooms, rent $4 $0;
also 3 roome to rent.
EDDT. 812— Ntcely furnished rooma frotn *9
up; suitable for gentlemen.
ELLIS. €39. cor. Larkin— fcunny furnished room,
double folding bed for 2; J1L
ELIZABETH. 12. near Guerrero— 5 furnished
rooms; rent $15.
FOLSOM. 125— Large sunny furnished room; .
light housekeeping; Jl 60 a week. •
PX3LSOM. E34— Jl week; large sunny furnished I
room; closet; bath; private.
RUHSER— We. the undersigned, take this
means of thanking our many friends and rela-
tives for their kindness, sympathy and beau-
tiful floral offerings extended to us in tho sad
hour of our bereavement.
F. WILLIAM RUHSER. Husband.
F. WILLIAM RUHSER JR.. Son.
WILLIAM F. RUHSER. Son.
CARD OF THANKS.
E7Frlends are respectfully Invited to at-
tend the funeral this day (Sunday), at 12:30
o'clock, from S30 O'Farrell street, between
Polk and/ Larkin. Interment New Salem
Cemetery, %y carriages.
(CFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Monday), at 9:30 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 309 Natoma street, thence to St. Pat-
rick's Church, where a requiem high mas3
will be celebrated for the repose of his soul
at 10 o'clock. Interment Mount Calvary
Cemetery.
THOMPSON— In this city, October 6, 1900,
Charles, beloved husband of Minnie Thomp-
son, a native of New York, aged 45 years.
THOMPSON— In Berkeley. October 6, 1900.
Charles Oscar Eugene, beloved son of Erick
and Christina Thompson, a native of Berke-
ley, aged 3 years 2 months and 27 days.
ZUSSMAN-In this city. October 6. 1900. Claire,
beloved daughter of Dr. S. and the late
Blanche Zussman, and granddaughter of Mr.
and Mrs Isldor Lipman, a native of San
Francisco, ajed 3 years.
[t^Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Monday), at 2 o'clock, from San Francisco
Turn Vereln Hall, 323 Turk street, where
Fervlces will b« held under the auspices of
the San Francisco Turn Vereln. Cremation
I. O. O. F. Cemetery. Remains at the fu-
neral parlors of H. F. Maass, 917 Mission
street.
SULLIVAN — In this - city, October 8, 19Ct>,
JameK, beloved husband of the late Bridget
Sullivan, and brother of Timothy and Fannie
Sullivan and the late Florence Sullivan, *.
native of Glengarlff, County Cork, Ireland,
cged 6S yeers and 6 months.
CTTuneral and Interment private.
SANDEFUR— In this city, October 6, 1900,
Frances Theresa, beloved daughter of Fred-
erick and Julia Sandefur, a native of San
Francisco, aged 6 months and 5 days.
SCHMID— In this city. October 6. 1900. Jo'in
Schmid. a native of Wurtemberg-, Germany,-
aged 46 years 9 months and H days. A mem-
ber of the San Francisco Turn Vereln. Sud-
deutscher Verein. Schwaben Vereln and E.
von Bcndel Lodce No. 3. O. D. H. S.
tT7"Finends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Sunday), at 2 o'clock, from the mortuary
chapel of the Golden Gate Undertaking Com-
pany, 2423 Mission street, near Twenty-flrst.
Interment Cypress Lawn Cemetery, by elec-
tric funeral car from Twentieth and Guer-
rero streets.
PLUMMER— In Alameda, October 6, 1900, Nellie
L.. beloved wife of Walter Plummer. and
mother of Ray and Kenneth Plummer, a na-
tive of Michigan, aged 40 years 1 month and
2 days.
PROWSE— In Oakdale, Stanislaus County, Oc-
tober 6, 1900, Andrew J. Prowse, a native of
Illinois, ased 44 years. i
RATHBONE— In this city, October 6, 1900,
Ji'lla. wife of Henry Bowen Rathbone, and
daughter of the Rev. O. W. Brlggs, a native
of California. (New York and Brooklyn pa-
pers please copy.)
(TTTriends and acquaintances are respeft-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Sunday) at 10:15 o'clock, from the parlors
of the United Undertakers. 27 and 29 Fifth
street, thence to St. Patrick's Church for
services at 10:45 o'clock. Interment Holy
Cross Cemetery. A requiem high mass will
be celebrated for the rejw?e of his soul to-
morrow (Monday), commencing at 9:30
o'clock, at St. Patrick's Church.
OULIF— In this city. October 3. 1900, Alexis,
beloved husband of Blanche Oulif. and father
of Mrs. I. W. Caro, a native of France, aged
70 years.
' tCTTrlenis are respectfully Invited to at-
tend the funeral services this day (Sunday),
at 10:15 o'clock, at his late residence. 2134
Post street. Interment Hills of Eternity
Cemetery, by 11:30 o'clock train from Third
and Townsend streets.
PETERS— In this city. October 4. 1?00. Mary
Annie, beloved wife of John Peters, and
daughter of Mrs. W. J. Whear. a native of
Chile, aged 27 years 4 months and 11 days.
0"Notice of funeral hereafter.
O'BRIEN— In the City and County Hospital.
October 6. 1900, Hugh O'Brien, a native of
New York.
OHNIMUS— In Los Angeles. Charles Ohnimus,
beloved husband of Georglana Ohnimus.
father of Roy. son of Elizabeth Ohnimus, and
brother of Louis John and George Ohnimus
and Mrs. N. Cusick, a native of Scranton.
aged 40 years. (San Francisco, Cal., and
Scranton, Pa., papers please copy.)
ICTFuneral tock place Friday. September
2S, at 2 o'clock, at 218 South Main street, Los
Angeles (Cussen undertaking parlors).
O'ROURKE— In this city, October 6, 1900. Cath-
erine, daughter of Patrick and the late Mar-
caret O'Rourli^, and Bister of Margaret.
Thomas, Nellie. Lizzie and James O'Rourke
and Mrs. D. F. Murphy, a native of San
; Francisco, aired 22 years.
ETThe funeral will take place this day
(Sunday), at 9 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence. 2S24 Twenty-third street, thence to St.
Peter's Church, where a requiem high mass
will be celebrated' for the repose of her soul,
commencir.c at 9:30 o'clock. Interment .Holy
Cross Cemetery.
O'SULLIVAN— In Santa Clara County. Cal..
September 27. l?00. Jeremiah O'Sullivan. be-
loved son of Mary and the late John O'Sulli-
van, brother of Cornelius and Patrick O'Sulli-
van and Mrs. Julia Kelly of Tralce, Ireland,
Michael O'Sullivan of San Francisco and the
late John O'Sulllvan, a native of Trales,
County Kerry, Ireland, aged S3 years and 6
months.
ICTlie funera'l will leave her late resi-
dence. 2105 San Antonio avenue, this day
(Sunday), at 11 o'clock, via 12 o'clock creek
bont. Interment Odd Fellows' Cemetery.
METZLER— In this city. October 6. 1500, Charles
J. B. Metzler, dearly beloved husband of the
late Kathrina Metzler, and father of Her-
mann and Charles L. Metzler. iirs. James
Farrell. Mrs. L. W. Matthias. Mrs. J. Lynch,
Mrs, William von Rcnn and Mrs. Ida Hoff-
man, a native of Zlzenhaussen amt Stockach.
Haden. Germany, aged 63 years 11 months and
22 days. A member of Germanla No. 116. I.
O. O. F.; Walhalla Lager No. 7. I. O. O. F. ;
California Stamm No. 70. U. O. R. M. : Roth-
maenner Schuetzen Section; Yerba Buena
Lager No. S. U. O. R. M. ; Metamora Stamm
No. 4, Pocahontaa Sisters; Hoffnungs Lodse
No. l, Hermann's Sons; Sisters O. E>. H. S. ;
Slcel Helm No. 7. U. A. O. D. ; Hartnagel
S. A. Charter. U. A. O. D.: Vereln Eln-
tracht: Walhalla Gesang Vereln: Sud-
deutscher Vereln; Empire Council No. 47. O.
C. F.; America Lodge No. 2229. K. of H.
CyFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral Tuesday.
October 9. at 1 o'clock, from C36 Washing-ton
street, thence to Odd Fellows' Hall, Seventh
and Market streets, where services will
held, commencing at 2 o'clock, under the aus-
pices of North B«?ach Lodjre No. 9. Hermann's
Sons. Interment Odd Fellows' Cemetery.
NELSON— In this city. October 5, 1S00, Lau-
rence F. Nelson, beloved husband of Mar-
garet F. Nelson, a native of England, aged 23
Jtears 2 months and 7 days.
'CyFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Monday), at 2 o'clock, from the parlors of
A. W. Martin & Co., 118 Geary street. Inter-
ment National Cemetery.
NOONAN— In this city. October 6. 1900, Matilda,
wife • of William Noonan, a native of Ire-
land, aced 75 years.
CfyKriend3 and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Monday), at 10:30 o'clock, from the funeral
parlors of Porter & White. 122 Eddy street.
Interment Masonic Cemetery..
MASON— In the City and County Hospital. Oc-
tober 6, 1900, Charles Mason, a native of
France
METER— In Alameda. October 5, 1900. Anna
Marie, beloved daughter of Emil and Marie
Meyer, and sister of Katheryn, Ella and Em-
ily Meyer, a native of California, aged 15
(Monday), at 8:30 o'clock, from his late, resi-
dence, 1210 Howard street, thence to St. Boni-
face's Church, where a solemn requiem mass
win be celebrated for the repose of his soul,
commencing at 9 o'clock. Interment Holy
Cross Cemetery. . s
LANGFORD— In Golden Gate. Oakland. Octo-
ber 5. 1900. George Henry, beloved husband
of Isabell Langford, and father of Ethel L..;
Alma A. and the late George F. Langford, a
native of Birmingham. England, aged 49
years 1 month and 25 days. A member of
Court Eureka No. 6146, A. O. F.
CTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully. Invited to attend the funeral services
this day (Sunday), at 2 o'clock, at his late
residence, ES57 Marshall street. Golden Gate,
Oakland. Interment Mountain View Ceme-
tery. , ¦ _ . •
LEACH — In Colorado Springs. September 27.
1900, Mrs. M. C. Leach, wife of Cyrus Leach, de-
ceased, nnd mother of David W. Leach, a
native of Maine. Late of San Francisco and
a former resident of Providence, R. I. (Provi-
dence papers please copy.)
LEWIS— In this city, October 6. 1900. Maria L..
beloved wife of Edwin Lewis, and mother of
John R. and Edwin Lewis Jr. and Mrs. Maria
Louisa Vultree, a native of New York, aged
60 years.
fifcNRY J. HAL.L.AGHER CO..
(Successor to Flannagan & Gallagher),
DANIEL P. DONOVAN. Mgr.
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMUALMKR3.
20 Fifth St.. opposite Lincoln School.
Telephone South SO.LIVERPOOL.
Wheat — ¦ Dec. Feb.
Opening 6 4 ',4 "6 6ft
Closing ••• 6 4^4 6 1%
PARIS.
Wheat— * Oct. Jan.-April.
Opening .20 15 21 65
Closing ; 20 15 2155
Flour-
Opening 25 60 27 55
Closing 23 66 J7 66
Articles— Receipts. Shipments.
Flour, barrels 17.000 36,000
\Vheat, bushels 123.000 . 287,000
Corn, bushels 401,000 536,000
Oats, bushels ................ 416. COO 342.000
liye. bushels 10,000 2,000
Jterley, bushels .....74.000, , 19,000
On the Produce Exchange to-day th« butter
market was steady; creamery, 16g>2uc; dairy.
13i?18c. Cheese, steady, 10K@ll%o. Bggs, firm;
frt-Eh, 16e.
J B Llpplncott, Ls Ang
Mr & Mrs Brereton,
London !
W L Stewart, S Paula
J L Herxog, N Y
W A Brewer. 8 Mateo
Mrs C M Rlchter. Cal
E E Rlchter, Cal
I Fischer, New Haven
\V H Robson. Baltlmr
Lieut B Helntze.Berln
H Schwabacher. Ky
H W Chenoweth. L An
R W Foster, N Y
S J Hughs, N Y
B E Benslnger, Chlcag
M J Tansey. Hartford
J D Cutter. Butte
-C W Harwood. Butte
T Cowin & w, Ohio
J Altschul. N Y
Mrs P H McMahon.Cal
HOTEL ABBIVATA
NEW WESTERN HOTEL.
A Schmidt. Slssons
H S Shepard. Balto
D Donohue. Cal
A Strlnc, Orepon
J M Evans. Phlla
F M Smith. Fresno
B L Johnson, Fresno
13 L Benson. Sacto
C M Lewis. Merced
E . Wilson, L Ang
F J Jordan. L Ang
,T Thomas, Albany
|N L Htgstns, Albany
IJ R Bauer. Albany
I A Sylvester, S Rosa
J Fursey, Portland
J A Stcklen, Portland
J Kelly, Martinez
E Merz. Oreron
J McCullourn, CbJcgo
II Dilo. Cuba
J B Lewis. Texas
PALACE HOTEL.
Miss Howe. Los Ang;
G M Nelson. Ouatemal
H Kind, New York
H M Joseph. N Y
G H Francis & w. Cal
R A Graham, Portland
H B Kendrlck. Le Ang
F H Yost, Stanford
J B Glldersleeve. Stnfd
A H McKay. Los Ang
J H Ironsides, S Jose
J O Wood worth. Seattl
II C Clark, Seattle
J F Lawless, Seattle
W A Morey, Chicago
F H Kock. Cal
T W Swift Jr. Ky
J W Woodrougrh. Neb
E D Jones, Woodstde
Mrs J M Greer. Chlcagf
W H Greer, Chicago
F O Carmack, St Louis
GRAND HOTEL.
T E Ta«grart, Cal
W Murray, Pleasanton
C H Kear, S Andreas
W Stersrem, Nome
A Warner. Nome..
R T GrlKsby. Mexico
D Holllster. Courtland
Mrs P B Kinsey, S Bar
Mrs M Klnssy. S Barb
Mra J Bayer, Ixw Ang
\ J Bayer. Lo* Ang
Mrs Bayer. Los Ang
H Zuber, Los Ang
Mrs Zuber, Los Ang
H L Emery, S Diego
J TV Bowen. Los Ang [
(da E Bov/en, Los Aiu,
H F McDonald. Mo
C H Meeker. Pac Grov
B E Seward. Stanford
¦Irs L W Heintzelman,
Sacramento
P Nickel, wf. Napa
Dr L A le Lande. L. A
A W. Fox. Oregon
F W Robinson, Cal
A A Wood, Riverside
J J Thompson, Salinas
J W Mahl. wf, Sacto
T Itoland. Cal
W Ettlen. Denver
B G Stranger. Los Ans
Mrs Stranger. Los Ang
W A Simmons. Represa
C M Pierce. Byron
Dr E J Hennessy. Cal
Mra F P Evans. Cal
E B Root, Los Ang:
M K Crowell. Cal
L. M Washburn. 8 Jose
D Campbell. Los Ang
R F Clardner. USA
Mrs Gardner. USA
P F Slmonds, Nev City
C B Grfflln; Los Ang
Mrs Griffin. Los Ans
Dr. M E McOrath. Cal
Cash quotations were as follows: Flour,
quiet: winter patents. $3 90®4 10; straights,
$3 2003 80; clears, $3 20<?f3 GO: sprinir specials.
J4 60©4 70; patents, $3 eo^'4 10; straights, $3 10®
3 CO; bakers, $2 30@2 S5; No. 3 spring wheat,
7e«j7SHc; No. 2 red. 77%c; No. 2 com. 40%fj41c;
No. 2 yellow. 41@41Hc; No. 2 oats. 22'.;*f 22Hc;
No 2 white, 2.Mri<U26%c; >j o . 3 white. 23%ig:25c;
No. 2 rye. 51%c; fair to choice malting, 64360c;
No. 1 IlaxseeO, $1 BS; No. 1 Northwestern. Jl 58;
prime timothy seed, $4 20^4 30; mess pork, per
bnrrel, $14 50015; lard, per 100 pounds, $7 25@
7 27«i: short-rib sides (loose). *7 90®8 10; Ury
raited Bhouldera <boxed), $fi 2C&C 2~hi: short
cl»-ar sides (boxed). fS 4O@3 60; whisky, basis
of high wines, $1 27.
Articles— Open. High. Low. Close.
Wheat No. 2—
October 77% 77*4 76% 76*4
November 7SV» 7»H 77ft 77«i
December 7S% ~S% 7S 7S',i
Corn No. 2 —
October 40V4 4O>4 40 40»i
November 37% 8"H 37% 87H
December 35'» 33ft Zi% Z\%
Oats No. 2—
October 22% 22H 22H 22H
November 22H" 22Vi 22«4 22H
December 22% 22?» ' 22% > 22%
Mess Pork, per barrel— v .
October 14 25 17 00 14 25 17 00 '
November 1180 11 92V4 11 75 1180
January 1195 1195 1180 1187ft
Lard, per 100 pounds-
October 7 274 "7 27J4 720 7 £7V4
November 7 15 7 25 7 15 7 22ft
January 7 00 7 00 8 92'i 6 95
Short Ribs, per 100 pounds —
October 7 97% . 7 »7H 7 95 7 97H
January 6 37H 6 47ft 6 30 6 32V6
October pork, the local supply of which has
been cornered, again furnished the -Incident In
provisions, although the trade was quiet
enough. October cpened at $14 25 and sold at
$17. at which it closed. $2 50 over yesterday.
Later future selling by packers caused some
reduction lij prices. January pork closed at
12V4c down, and lard and ribs each 6c lower.
The leading futures ranged as follows: ..
In the corn market there was a fair general
trade early, but later the market fell Into ne
glect. The close was steady. November un
changed at 37%(&37>4c.
Oa.ts held their usual contracted experience.
November closed unchanged at 22\i@22%c.
CHICAGO, Oct. 6.— Wheat was helped by an
advance at Liverpool. With Liverpool up ?i@
lVjd. despite the fact that this market the pre
vious session had furnished no motive for such
a Imlfre. November wheat opened ?»@Hc higher
at TSfeTSVic The Liverpool gain was said to be
caused by a frost In Argentine. In the North
wwt there were light but general rains. The
first hour the market was moderately active,
but later was dull and neglected. Traders
evened up for the Sunday vacation. November
declined to 77%@77V4c. The market steadied be
cause of a fair cash business, 200,000 bushels,
and November closed a ehade down at 77V4
NEW TORK STOCK LIST.
FV.arf s ,i j \ CloMne
S-.'.d. Ftock— '¦ Bid.
I."**) Afhison .'. 28W
4.SM Atchivm prefd 70H
*.VuO nsltimnre & Ohio 7U4
Canadian Pacific $7%
«3 Canada Southern 50
NEW YORK. Oct. 6.— Attention centered on
the ba.sk statement on the Stock Exchange
to-day. But tLe very h^avy decline In the
c&§h reserve of the banks s<?cmed to have little
tfTect on epeculatlve sentiment, beyond a flut
ter among the emaller class of traders who
offered prices down after the statement ap
peared. The larger speculators who have been
bucking the market during the week seemed
content to etand by and watch the effect of
the statement on general speculative sentiment.
The steadiness of the market under the show-
Ing by the banks seems surprising, when lt is
duly considered that great stress has been laid
by the sjxiculators for the rise on the offsets
to the Interior drain of currency which were
expected to mitigate the cash loss. Even yes
terday when the movement to the Interior was
Known to be large, the maximum estimate of
the decline in cash did not reach J6.000.000. The
large payment of Pacific gold draft* last week
v „.- expected to moderate that showing under
the system of computations by dally averages.
but instead of that the ios* of th« cash for the
•week was run ap to tS,C74,750, and the remain
ing surplus of tha bar.ks is cut In half. The
Interior demand for cash has been larger than
any previous week of the reason and far in
excess of any tingle wwk in the fall season of
last year. The extraordinary cotton movement
Is undoubtedly responsible for the showing.
The tquanimity of speculators In face of the
bank statement mutt be due to the conviction
that the heavy movement of cotton to the sea
board Insures a continuance of the export
movement.
This week's further advance In the prices of
etocks cannot be attributed to a demand from
the ehort interest in the same degr<»« as that
of last week. There has been some covering
of Ehort contracts on the rise and the profes
sional operators, who have the advance in
hand, evidently booe to dislodge the long
Standing ehort Interest which has persisted in
the etock market on the theory that the busi
ness reaction will continue and warrant further
ehrinkasre of prices. The bull party is evi
dently playing, a'.so, to attract an outside buy-
Ing movement of the class which nothing but
m. rapid advance in prices brings into the stock
market. The effort ha* not proved sufficient
to absorb the profit-taking by professionals,
who sought to reduce their commitments at a
moderate advance. The favorable Increase In
cidents of the *«k have been made most of
by the bulls, but the loudest protestations are
of in the ultimate outcome of con
ditions over which the public at large is still
evidently in doubt, officially a revival of
bastXMM to last year'« high level of prosperity.
Tbo manipulative character of the market was
f\l<lfM from the number of assertions put in
circulation on the Stock Exchange which failed
of verification. A vosltive announcement that
the coal strike had lx-en called off served Its
purpose in ruahinp price** up late one day, and
there v.-ere various rumors of absorptions and
consolidations of railroad systems, while bro
kers vigorously bid up the stocks concerned
with a :ia!ual'Ie disinclination to avail thrm
lv!\-eK of li.v.er ;>r:ct-« to absorb the stocks. But
It was notable that the advances thus secured
did not bring out any heavy offerings from
othrr than epeculatlve holders and price re
artiors were not severe, even when the un
renciou character at the reports was rec
ormized. This unirrtonw of firmness crave con
fidence to the bull following. The hopeful
views fxrrftff<i by authorities In the Iron and
et<-« 1 trade had a marked Influence on the much
depressed Ftooks in that group and affected the
frer.era.1 lift favorably in sympathy. The de
claration of the regular quarterly dividend of
2 w>r <er.i in Tenrie*s~e Coal ended a very
bold bear campaign against the Etock, based
on roritive assertions widely published, that
the dividend would be reduced or passed. The
fuhwKju?nt rebound in the stock had a. ret'lvl
ryir.fr influence on all the stocks in trie eteel
rroun. The placing of some large orders for
freiejit ears, was another element In the
rtr«-n»rth of the croup. From the technical
fide, the completion of ecme recent order* for
liquidation of various stocks was a relief to the
markrt and facilitated the advance. I3ut the
point probably mort relied upon by the bulls
m the promise of early Imports of gold, and
the apriar< nt arquiescpnee of European money
markets pf refraining from advancing their
<51*Tu;rit rates. Cl
Therf !.a« bo«-n only a slight Increase In bond
busings* and prle<»* hav« moved lrreg-ularly.
T"nite<i States new 4s declined *i pet* cent since
la^t Saturday. , " .
New York Stock Market.
POULTRY — Live Turkeys. 14916c for Gobblers
and. 14® 16c for Hens; Geese, per pair, |1 25(9
1 50; Goslings. « E0@l 75; Ducks. $3®4 for old
and f3 60@4 60 for young; Hens, |4@5 60; Young
Roosters. J406; Old Roosters. J4®4 50: Fry
ers, SSJS3 EO; . Broilers, J3Q>3 50 for large, and
Poultry was nominal, as usual on Saturday.
Game had a wide range yesterday. In the
morning arrivals were light and brought the
top quotations; but later on In the forenoon
there were heavy receipts from several sources.
Including. Oregon, and prices declined to the
inside figures. This explains the wide range.
A good deal Is coming: in over tha Santa Fe
line. * ¦
Poultry and Game.
VEGETABLES — Green Peas. J<g>4c per lb-
String Beans, iv,1T3c; Llmtui, 2%lT3Hc per lb;
Cabbage. Jl; J Tomatoes, Bay, 30©50c; Egg
Plant, 25@50c per box; Green Okra, 40@75c;
Green Peppers, 25040c per box for Chill and 40
05Or for Bell: Dried Peppers. 10ffJ15c: Carrots.
25@35c per sack; Summer Squash, 60(^75o for
Alameda; Cucumbers. 25®40c for Alameda*
Pickles. Jl@l 25 per ot! for No. 1 find S0<875(?
for No. 2; Garlic, 4®4Hc per lb; Marrowfat
Squash, $7<§10 per ton.
POTATOES— Early Rose. 3E@40c; Burbanks.
40@60c for Rivera and 85c@>Sl 10 per ctl for Sa
llnar; Sweets, 75-5?S5c for Rivers and Jl 25 for
Meiced.
0N10NS-#>®65c per ctl; Pickle Onions. 33©
COc. • • ¦
There Is very little to report In this market.
8ome descriptions of Vegetables are firm, but
the range In prices is wide, owing to th«
presence of a lot of carried over stock.
SEEDS — Brown Mustard. 4c; Yellow Mustard
5c; Flax, K&2 60; Canary, 34c per lb for Cali
fornia and 4o for Eastern; Alfalfa, nominal;
Rape. 2%igSe; Hemp. 4@4V4c: Timothy. 4fl4V4c.
DRIED PEAS— Nlles, Jl 25®1 78; Green. $1 80
@2 05 per ctl: Blackeye. Jl 60.
Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables.
BEANS— Bayos, $1 85®2; Small White, $3 25®
3 50; Large White, $2 J5®2 50; Pink, $2 25@2 60;
Red, J3@3 25; Blackeye. Jl 60; Lima. J5 .15(35 25;
Pea. J! 50©3 75; Red Kidneys. J3 J5@3 50.
Beans have shown no change for several
days. Receipts have been steadily falling off
during this period.
HAY— "Volunteer. J5&8; Wheat. J11013 5()-
Wheat and Oat, JlO«fl2 50; Oat, $!)@H 50; Clover'
$4^6: Alfalfa, $708 50; Barley, $7@9 per ton. '
STRAW— 30@42%c per bale.
Beans and Seeds.
FEEDSTUFFS — Rolled Barley, J!5«m per
ton: Oilcake Meal*at the mill. J2C®27- Jobbing
$27 E0«S28: Cocoanut Cake, J2OQ21 ; Corn Meal'
J26027; Cracked Corn. J26 E0@27 50: Mixed Feed'
J13 50i«14.
-J17ST21 t>er
Mtnni.iNos-
All descriptions of Hay are now firm at the
Improved quotations. Straw has also advanced.
Bran and Middlings continue firm, with very
light offerings.
"KHAN— twd-n 50 per ton.
Hay and Feedstuff s.
FLOUR— California Family Extras. J3 60Q
3 75, usual terms: Bakers' Extras, J3 40@3 50;
Oregon and Washington, J2 7B@3 10 per barrel
for family and J3 15@3 50 for bakers'; Eastern,
}4 75(55 75 per barrel.
MILLSTUFFS— Prices In sacks are as fol
lows, usual discount to the trade: Graham
Flour, J3 per 100 lbs; Rye Flour, ~$2 75; Rye
Meal, $2 50; Rice Flour. J7: Corn Meal. J2 75,
extra cream do, J3 50; Oat Groats, J4 60; Hom
iny. J3 50(33 75; Buckwheat Flour. J4<R4 25;
Cracked Wheat. J3 50; Farina, $4 50; Whole
Wheat Flour. $3 25; Rolled Oats (barrels), j«iij
7 25: In sacks, $5 7507; Pearl Barley, $3; Split
Peas. J5; Green Peas. J5 B0 per 100 lbs.
White, $1 30@l 45; Surprise. $1 40@l 50; Red.
Jl 12@1 22V4: Gray, Jl 27%@1 32%: Black, for
feed, Jl 1001 22H; for seed. Jl 22%@1 27% per
ctl.
CORN— Eastern is quoted at Jl 20 per ctl,
with none offering.
RYE— Firmly held at 90@92o per ctl.
BUCKWHEAT— Nominal.
Flour and Millstuffs.
OATS— Over 12.000 ctls came In from Oregon
and Washington, but they were all disposed of
prior to arrival, except one lot, which Imme
diately sold at $1 41^4. The market rules very
stiff, and the Government Is taking large lots
out of the country, though most of them are
bought In the West. Holdings here are very
small.
Regular Morning Session— No sales.
Feed. 75©76>;e for choice bright, 72%@739ic
for No. 1 and «7H@7Oc for off grades; Brewing
and Skipping grades, 80@S5c; Chevalier, nomi
nal.
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal Session — No sales.
Second Session— No sales.
Informal Session — 9:15 o'clock — December — 2000
ctls, $1 05; 2000, $1 O4f4; 2000, $1 05H. May— 2300,
$1 12»4: 2000. Jl 12?4.
Second Session— December— 8000 ctls, Jl 05%.
May-4000, $1 12%. .
Regular Morning Session — No sales.
BARLEY — The market continues dull and
unchanged.
Chicago was firmer on better foreign advices.
Broomhall cabled a light froet In the Argen
tine, without any damage. The rains continued
In tha Northwest, but better weather was pre
dicted. The sentiment was more bullish than
for some time.
In this market futures advanced slightly, but
spot ouotationa were undisturbed.
Spot Wheat— Shipping, |1 O.'Vi. Milling. Jl 05
@1 07H- I
CALL BOARD SALES.
WHEAT— Liverpopl was higher and New
York w$s also several fractions firmer.
Wheat and Other Grains.
Sterling Exchange, 60 day* — $4 83
Sterling Exchange, sight — 4 87^4
Sterling Cables — 4 S8V4
New York Exchange, sight — 07^
New York Exchange, telegraphic — 10
Fine Silver, per ounce — 64H
Mexican Dollars, nominal EOH 0 51
Exchange and Bullion.
DRIED FRUITS.
EVAPORATED APPLES— The market for
evaporated apples was rather quiet but about
steady at unchanged prices, on the basis of
from 3i&0c for common; prime. 4%<g'5 1 ic; choice,
0V4S?Gc: fancy, 6@6Hc
California dried fruits were neglected.
PKUNES— 3H'g7%c per pound, as to size and
quality.
APRICOTS— Royal. ll@14c; Moorpark. 15@lCc.
PEACHES— Peeled, 14@18c; unpeeled, 6@9c.
J NEW YORK, Oct. «.— FLOUR-Recelpts. 21,
i 3G5 barrels; exports, 1S.939 barrels; sales, SCoO
j packages. Market well sustained. Minnesota
, patent, J4 2<>@4 60; Minnesota bakers', $3ff3 40;
j winter patents, »3 70@4; winter straights, $3 55
-. ©3 65; winter extras, J2 70@3.
WHEAT-Receipts, H6,39d bushels; exports,
! C7.K6 bushels; sales, 1,510,000 bushels futures
j and G4.000 bushels spot. Spot— Steady; No 2
i red, S2Vic f. o. b. afloat, 81«4c elevator; No. 1
: Northern Duluth, S2Vic f. o. b. afloat. Options
; Firm and higher on strong English cables.
j Market closed steady, He net advance. Sales
i included: No. 2 red March, S6%'g86He, closed
i S6He: May, ;>6%{fS6 5/16c, closed 8G%c; October,
j bWi-l 1-ltSc, closed Sic; December, 83 5-16©
j S3 ;»-16c, closed 83%c.
I HOPS— Quiet. State, common to choice, 10®
, 12o: Pacific Coast, 1S99 crop, 10S13c.
I HIDES— Firm. California, 21 to 25 pounds,
j ISHc.
WOOL — Quiet. Domestic fleece, 25<g26c.
PIGIRON— Dull. Northern, 14(gl6c; Southern,
lsSlCc
COPPER— Quiet. Brokers', 16;ic.
| LEAD— Dull. Brokers', 4c.
j TIN PLATES— Dull.
COFFEE— Spot— Rio, quiet. No. 7 invoice,
i R4c: mild, quiet: Cordova. 9?;®^. Futures—
i Closicd unchanged. Sales 22,260 bags, Includiner:
October. $7 15; November. $7 20; December. J7 3U-,
j January, $7 35; March, $7 45; May. J7 60; July,
; SUGAR— Raw, steady; fair refining, 4 l 4c;
centrifugal, % test, 4%c; molasses. 4c; refined.
quiet.
i BUTTER — Receipts, 2S25 packages: dull.
! Creamery. 16@21c; June creamery. 17Vi@20 L ic;
! factory. 13»4@i6c.
¦ EGGS— Receipts. SM3 packages: firm. West
! ern, retrular packing, at mark. tt^giSc ; West
i ern, loss off, 20c.
LOCAL MARKETS.
134,700 Shares sold.
CLOSING BONDS.
U S zs nt&s when M K & T Ms 65H
Issued 104 1 Do 4s 91
Do coup ....ICt N J Cent gen 5s... .124
E>o 3s reg 109 Northern Pac 3s... B4T4
Do 3s coup V<9'i Do 4s l'&'-i
Do new 4s reg....l31 N Y C & St L 4s. KSj>/-
Do new 4s coup. .134 X A W Con 4s S7 "
Do old 4s reg 1l4 s i'Or Nav lsts 109
Do old 4s coup.... 114^ 1 Do 4s iO2%i
Ek> Es re* 113'vOr Short Line 6s..l27>4
Do Ss coup U3Ui Do con Es H2»4
Dis of Col 3.65s. ...i:3 'Reading Gen 4s.... 8C%
Atchison gen 4s.... 99V R Q W lsts %%
Do adj 4s 86Vi'S L & S F Gen 6s.l22U
Canada Sou 2ds ;06Vi : St Paul eon 16S
Ches & Ohio 4^8... KtlSt P C &. P lsts....H7'/»
Do 5s 118 j Do 5s 118V«
, C & N con 7s 13O',4' Southern T'ac 4s... 7S\4
Do B F Deb Ds...l21 ! Southern Ry 5s....lO8?4
Chic Term 4s 'Jl J Stand R & T 6s 65
Colorado Sou 4s 8>%:Tex & Pac lsts 113VS
, D & R G lets 102'i' Do Ms C3
Do 4s OS^ijUnlon Pac 4s 103
i Erie Gen 4s CSV.!Wabash lsts US
: F W & D C lsts... 7'i.i! I» 2ds 10U4
General Elec 5s US j West Shore 4s 113
Iowa Cent lsts 110 I Wis Cent lsts 83%
L & n Unl 4* Va Centuries S6»;
N Y Cent lstn :<3&!
MINING STOCKS.
Chollar IS j Ontario :. 6 00
i/Trown Point 11 Ophir ..-. 75
Con Cal & Va 1 15'Plymouth 13
Deadwond 60 Quicksilver l 23
I Gould &. Curry 33: p 0 r , re f,i g w
I Hale & Norcrosa.. 24 Sierra Nevada 30
I Horawtake M 00 Standard 4 00
Iron Silver e» Union Con...; 20
Mexican SO Yellow Jacket 18
BOSTON' STOCKS AND BONDS.
Money— Union Pac S3U
Call loans .-. ,8574 Union Land . 1\L
Time loans 453 West End 91^4
Stocks— V.'estngh El*> .... 47»4
Atch Top & S F.. 2SV4 Bonds-
Do prefd 704 Atchlson 4s S9
Amer Sugar 11G*. N E Q & Coke 5s.. 64
t, 1 ?? JP? fd US ' 4 Mining Shares-
Bell Tele 138 Adventure 4'*
BoMon & Albany.. 246 Allouez ling Co... l*i
Boston Elevated ..147 Amal Copper 87%
Boston & Maine. ..188 , Atlantic 22'4
Chi Bur & Q 126 Boston & Mont 324
Dom Coal 382 Butte &. Boston 63-
Do Prefd... 112 Calumet & Heela.,750
Federal Steel 34T4 Centennial 1(5%
Do prefd Co 1 * Franklin 15
Fitchbun: prefd ...137 iHumboldt 23
General Elec 137 Osoeola 68
no prefd 139 jParrot 43
Ed Eloc 111 210 Quincy ... 14*
Mexican Cent 11*4 Fanta Fe Copper.. 6*4
Mich Tele fS Tamarack 230
N E Gas & Coke.. 14 Utah Mining 32
Old Colony .2A4 Wlnona 3"
Old Dominion 21 i Wolverines 41
Condition of the Treasury.
WASHINGTON. Oct. «.— To-day's statement
1,210 Chesapeake & Ohio 2SH I
....... Chicago Great Western lO^ |
6,210 Chicago Burlington & Quincy 126 ; ;
Chicago Ind & Louisville 21%
200 Chicago Ind & Louisville prefd 54 i
Chlcatto & Eastern Illinois 06 (
100 Chicago & Northwestern 161V4 I
750 Chicago Rock Island & Paciflo 1O6V4 j
200 C C C & St Louis 61 j
Colorado Southern a% <
110 Colorado Southern 1st prefd 3S !
Colorado Southern 2d prefd 14^4
Delaware & Hudson 110V* !
Delaware Lackawanna & Western .173^
100 Denver & Rio Grende WH
«00 Denver & Rio Grande prefd 67Vi I
Erie 12^8
700 Erie 1st prefd 35
271 Great Northern prefd U2
200 Hocking Coal »H
Hocking Valley 32Vi
Illinois Central 116
£00 Iowa Central ITU
Iowa Central prefd 33
400 Lake Brie & Western 29
100 Lake Erie &. Western prefd 95
Lake Shore 205
1.8S0 Louisville & Nashville 71*i
4.610 Manhattan Elevated 90*,,
2H0 Metropolitan Street Railway 150
200 Mexican Central 11%
100 Minneapolis & St Louis 51 ,
Minneapolis & St Louis prefd 91 i
J.400 Missouri Pacific 49"i
Mobile & Ohio 35
Missouri Kansas & Texas 9»^
1,180 Missouri Kansas & Texas prefd.... 27^
200 New Jersey Central 133', t
l.ESO New York Central 130
S.410 Norfolk & Western 35'i
Norfolk & Western prefd 75Vj
4,420 Northern Pacific 43 l s '
HO Northern Pacific prefd G9U
COO Ontario & Western 20'*
Oregon Railway & Nav 42
Oregon Railway & Nav prefd 76
10.200 Pennsylvania 130%
200 Reading 16
6.S10 Reading 1st prefd 65»g
100 Reading 2<1 prefd 251-
Rio Grande Western 5S
Rio Grande Western prefd ?0
400 Kt Louis & San Fran 1O'»
St Louis & San Fran 1st prefd €«
100 St Louis & San Fran 2d prrfd 33 T S
21.1'jO St Louis Southwestern 12
1,Wj St Louis Southwestern prefd "»Vi
S.fcW Pt Paul 112'4
St Paul rrefd : 169^
St Paul & Omaha 108*
2,0«0 Southern Pacific 33'i
730 Southern Railway 12
470 Southern Railway prefd &3
400 Texas & Pacific 15*i
7.00) Union Pacific 58Vt
1,970 Union Pacific prefd 73%
, Wabash 78
106 Wabash prefd 17%
7S0 Wheeling & Lake Erie S»*
PSO AVheeling & Lake Erie 2d prefd 22"«
Wisconsin Central 11
Third Avenue 110', 4
Express Companies — . ¦
Adams ' 123 I
American 150 |
United States 45
Wells Fargo 124 j
Miscellaneous —
American Cotton Oil 33V& j
American Cotton Oil prefd. 88 i
American Malting '. 44 I
American Malting prefd 23 !
100 American Smelting & Ref 37S ;
American Smelting & Ref prefd SS^i
American Spirits 1
....... American Spirits prefd 17
105 American Steel Hoop 20»£
325 American Pteel Hoop prefd 67
4,24* American Steel & Wire 33',i
2,420 American Steel & Wire prefd 74'*
American Tin Plate T 80
American Tin Plate prefd S2
2,130 American Tobacco 90%
American Tobacco prefd 129
1,075 Anaconda Mining Co.~ 44 7 &
7.420 Brooklyn Rapid Transit 52^
2.600 Colorado Fuel & Iron 33Vi
1,010 Continental Tobacco 25'i
Continental Tobacco prefd 76^i
L960 Federal Steel 33^
775 Federal Steel prefd 65'i
800 General Electric 137
GlucoFe Sugar 49'i
Glucose Sugar prefd 9SV4
International Paper 19
200 International Paper prefd 63
Laclede Gas €9
National Bi6cuit 32
National Biscuit prefd 85
.230 National Lead 17V4
National Lead prefd 90
700 National Steel 26%
National Steel prefd R4
100 New York Air Brake 123
North American 14»4
Pacific Coast 57Vi
Pacific Coast 1st prefd 85
Pacific Coast 2d prefd 67
150 Pacific Mall „ 3014
4.J90 People's Gan 86
100 Pressed Steel Car 3914
100 Pressed Steel Car prefd 75»i
Pullman Palace Car 184
10O Etaniard Rope &. Twln« 4%
7,055 Sugar U6Vi
Sugar prefd 116
7.E2S Tennessee Coal & Iron 55^4
200 United States Leather 10Vi
300 United States Leather prefd Cjifc
United States Rubber 29
United States Rubber prefd 93H
Western Union tsvj
410 Republic Iron & Steel Co 11%
100 Republic Iron & Steel Co prefd 53
P C C & St Louis 51 '¦
weather la California Sunday.
Forecast made at San Francisco for thirty
h'urs trndlnt? mi<!night, October 7. 1900.
Northern California — Fair, warmer Sunday;
11^ hi northwest wind.
Southern California— Fair, ¦warmer Sunday;
llf.ht north wind.
Nevada— Fair, warmer Sunday.
Utah— fair, warmer Sunday.
Arizona — Fair Sunday.
San Francisco and vicinity — Fair, wanner
Etmday; light northwest wind.
G. H. WILLSON.
Lo?al Forecast Offlclal.
Past This Last !
Stations— 24 hours, season, season.
Eureka 0.00 1.7* 1.30
Red Btaff 0.00 2.01 0.C2
E raoenta COO 0.68 0.02
Baa Tranclseo 0.00 1.11 Trac*
Fresno 0.00 0.4J 0.00
::.:.;• r.Jf-nce O.C« 0.61 0.19
Bob Luis Oblfpo 0.00 1.20 0.00
L i Angeles 0.00 Trace 0.01
Ban Diego 0.00 0.03 0.07
i-an Francisco data — Maximum temperature,
CS; rr.'.ninium, J3; mean. 60.
T.XATHEIt CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
FORECAST.
Aii area of high pressure overlies the plateau
region, while the lowest pressure is reported
Ircm Arizona. The pressure h°« risen over
the country west of the Rocky Mountains ex
oept ;»!"ns the imir.eillate coast, where there
ha* been a slight fall.
The t*»BijK>rature has risen generally west of
the Rocky Mountains.
Conditions are favorable for fair and warmer I
SAN FRANCISCO. Oct. «, 6 p. tn.
The fallowing are the seasonal rainfalls to
6ate. as corr.p&red with thc«» of tee same date
last season and rainfalls in the past tweaty
four hours:
CZ<t*x Meridian— Pacific Time.)
JV cat her Report.
tip to a late hour. The market is in exceed- |
i2g!y 6tror.e position on these goods, and sales
of a nun:ber of cars are understood to have
been rr.afie at a premium of from Ufi'-ic.
Coast advices stated that the layer situation
also is exceedingly firm, due chiefly to the
irery h!ph rcaxket on new Malagas. Further
cables were received on the latter goods, re- |
porting a very email crop and damage from j
rain increasing. Fpot California raisine are in
cood demand from the consuming trade, the
eale being reported rf a. car of S-crown, loose.
ax TS^^c an-! a half-car of 2-crown at 6Hc
Ltttl* Interest !» taken In peaches, come
business being reported in extra choice at 7^c
tad fancy at figi^c. Currant* are very firm
t-t 1231TVte. saJes of Sfty barrels being reported
at 12c. iTiQuiry for currants and nuts from
the Jot: b!r.g trade is rood, and prospects are
for conelderabie activity this week. Futur*
ej-p'.rt are weaker."
Local bank clearirig-s last week were $54,-
SS3.191. against Z—.U :,H2 tor the s&zna week
laet year.
New York Raisin Market.
Mall «u!vle*» from New Tork say: "There
was considerable expectation In the trade Sat
urday of an irr.rr.ediate advance in new Cali
fornia seediest Muscatel *ad Sultana raisins, j
but no new Quotations came from the coast ,
Bank Clearings.
CLOSING QUOTATIONS,
SATURDAY, Oct. 6—12 m.
• Bld.Ask. Bld.Ask.
Alpha 04 05 Justice 06 CS
Alta 02 C3 Kentuck 03 M
Andes OS 00 Lady Wash .... — 03
Belcher 17 IS Mexican > 34 3T>
Best & Belcher 34 .15 Occidental 07 C3
Bullion 02 04 Ophir 80 81
Caledonia 44 45 Overman 10 -12
Chollar 21 23 Potosl 20 2'
Challenge Con. 21 i2 Savage 23 24
Confidence 75 78 Scorpion 01 —
Con Cal 4 Va..l 20 1 25 S*g Belcher.... — 03
Ccn Imperial... 01 02 Sierra Nevada. 34 35
Con New York. 01 — Silver Hill 35 iS
Enreka Con — 45 3t Louis — 15
Crown Point... 12 1'. standard S 90 . —
Exchequer 01 d Syndicate' 04 —
Gould & Curry. 42 43 Union Con 23 14
Hale & Nor.... 25 28 Utah 04 05
Julia — 04 Yellow Jacket.. 29 22
The following *'er« the sales in the Pacific
Stock Exchange yesterday:
Morning Session.
SCO Andes 08 300 Gould A Curry. 43
250 Con Cal A Va..l 25 200 Ophir 79
1S0O Gould & Curry. 491 300 Sierra Nevada. 34
800 Gould & Curry. C| 300 Sliver Hill 36
C C Water 5s.. lifiHlO" ' O1 " l - ">' *».. c .llMi -
Ed L & P 6s. .131 — |«'ac G Imp 4s.. 101!* —
t <* C. iiy «.»..— — P t Cl lly 6s. 104 —
Cear>-st R E». - — P k O P. R €s,115 —
H C * S 5'As.. - — I'owell-st R 6s. 117 —
Do 5s .'...100 — f^ L O*R 5B.1WH* -
L A R 5s 10444 - S F & S J V3s.llS>iU3V«
LA Lt Co «¦.. — 103 »¦ H •' t'»l 1.1..I1IV,
Do sntil 6s... - — S P of A C3....1U lll»i
L A gntd 5s... — 101 t •' C »» inwbj
L A P R R 53 - 102 (Series A). ..107 —
Market-st6s...l28 — tffjrtif* H*.wf>i~
Do 1st M 5s..— — S P C 6s (1306).109mi()
N C N G R 7s. — 114 Do (1912) 117H —
N R of Cal bB.11.1 115 S 1- K l.,i sntd — —
Dons 11*5 — B.P B» ta..V.;.OI —
N P C R R 6s. 1M 1G5 S V Water 68.113^114%
Do Sb 106«iW6tt Do 4s 103Vil03Vi
N Cal rty «s... — ili Do 3d mtg... — 102%
Oak n L. » H.109 — Stcktn Ua« o*. — i% ,.-,. A
Oak Tran 6s. „ — 117
WATER STOCKS.
Contra Costa.. 70 71% Spring Valley. 95H 35%
, friunn County, sift —
GAS AND ELECTRIC STOCKS.
Cent L & P Co 4 4% Pac L Co — 44%
Equit G L Co. 3U — Sac El G&RCo — 40
M in*l b> Co. - l'J% S F G & E.... 51\ 52
O O L 4 H — 50 San Francisco, a oK^
Pac Gas Imp.. 51 52 Stkn G 4 E Co - 14
INSURANCE STOCKS.
Flrem's Fund. 227 — ]
BANK STOCKS.
Anglo-Cal Ltd. 6S — Lon P & A.... 133 135
Bank of Cal... 455% — i Merchants' Ex li —
Car a U At T..106 — Nev Nat Bg... — —
First National. 2S5 300
SAVINGS BANKS.
Ger S A L —1300 6av * L So — si
Hum S A L... — — Sac Sav Bk..., — —
Mnt Sav Bk... 60V& 57^4 Union T Co.... — —
b H 1 bu.v U....510 —
STREET RAILROAD STOCKS.
California 123 — [O S'L. & H.... — 45
Geary-st 25 — Presidio 14 22K
Market-st — 67%)
POWDER STOCKS.
California — 162H ' Vigorlt V&. 3'i
Giant Con Co. 84»i S5
SUGAR STOCKS.
Hana S P Co. 1 7ft Kllauea S PCo 2014 21U
Hsiw C * S Co — — Makawelt S Co A2% 43H
Honokaa 8 Co. 30 — Onomea S Co.. 27*; 25>«. 4
Hutch S P Co. 24*i 25 Paauhau S Co. 3C'/i 30H
MISCELLANEOUS STOCKS.
Al Pack Assn. — 125 |Pac A F A.... 1% —
Cal Fruit Assn 98 — iPac C Bor Co.150 Itttt
Mer Ex Assn.. 97 10o Par Paint Co.. 12% —
Oceanic S Co.. — S3?4
Morning Session.
$2000 Bay Counties Power Co 5s 102 25
75 Hutchinson S P Co 24 60
55 Hutchinson 8 P Co 2» «2*4
10 Makawelt S Co 43 CO
J70P0 Sacramento Elcc Gas & Ry 6s 100 25
120 S F Gas Si Electric Co 52 €0
60 Spring Valley Water 95 25
PRDUCKRS' OIL EXCHANGE.
Mornirg Session.
Board—
100 Home Oil 4 30
100 Home Oil 4 35
100 Petroleum Center 35
150 San Joaquln Oil & Dev 7 75
60 Sterling O & D Co i 43
MINING STOCKS.
The following were the sales In the Ban Fran
cisco Stock and Exchange Board yesterday:
Morning Session.
100 Belcher IS. ICO Occidental 03
100 Caledonia 43 100 Sierra Nevada. . 34
300 Gould & Curry. 39' 100 Union Con 23
600 Gould & Curry. 40! 500 Yellow Jacket.. 21
100 Mexican 341
There was little new In storks and bontio.
business being quiet en all the exchanges.
SATURDAY. Oct. 6—12 m.
UNITED .STATKS UOXJD&
(s qusx eoup...lll s il!3',7 <s da cp (new).13.t%133
is <io reg lUHltt*) ** do coup.... .109^ —
MISCEI.LANKm!.3 Bc-,N.L>y..
Bay Co P Go:~.imiVBt%1' m * u*i«" "«. — va
i a -m <.ab ¦>*..>- .Oceanic SS Js.lG7?ilO7 r i
STOCK AND EO.ND ZXCHAIIGE
THE STOCK MARKET.
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
Exchange and Silver unchanged.
Bank clearings show the usual weekly gain.
IV heat futures firmer. Barley dull.
Oats very stiff, with heavy sales.
Corn and Rye firm, with light offerings. ,
Xo further cliange in Beans.
Hay and Straw continue to rise. Bran very firm.
Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables unchanged.
Game selling at a wide range. Poultry nominal.
Butter and Clieesc unchanged. Eastern Eggs higher.
Fresh and Dried Fruits dull and featureless.
Provisions firm at the recent advance.
Meat market as before quoted.
Coffee dull, but reviving locally.
Associated Banks' Statement.
aLU'V^r?' shows: Available cash bal
ance, Jlo6,S39,353; gold, JS5,539,410.
COMMERCIAL AND FINANCIAL NEWS
Portland's Business.
PORTLAND, Or., Oct. 8.— Clearings, $384,963;
balances, $99,784.
Northern Wheat Market.
OREGON.
PORTLAND, Oct. 6.— The wheat market Is
steady but Inactive: exporters are holding off
In the hope of securing lowert freights. Walla
Walla Is quoted at 55@55Hc; Bluestem, 58c, and
Valley 62c. The latter for milling purposes.
Cleared— Ship Marathon, for United Kingdom,
with 117.495. bushels wheat.
• WASHINGTON.
TACOMA. Oct. 6.— Wheat, unchanged; Bluo
stem, 65c; Club, 55c; both for export.
HOPS— At London (Pacific Coaft), steady,
£2 ts@£3 5s.
WHEAT— Spot Xo. 2 red Western winter,
steady, 6s 4d; No. 1 Northern shipping, firm.
6s 7%d; No. 1 California, quiet, 6s <5%,d. Fu
tures, quiet; December, 6s 4&d; February, 6o
6*id.
CORN— Spot, strong; American mixed, new,
4s 4\4d; American mixed, old. nominal. Fu
tures, steady; November, 4s 3Hd; December.
4s. 2%d; January. 3s HHd.
FLOUR— SL Louis fancy winter, steady,
8s 6d.
CLOSING
LONDON, Oct. 6.— Consols, 98 15-16; silver,
29%d: French rentes. lOOf 20c. Wheat cargoes
on passage, easier, but In some request: Eng
lish country markets, quiet. ,
LIVERPOOL. «>ct. 6.— Wheat, firm; No. 1
Standard California, 6s BM.d'gCs 8d; wheat in
Parfs, quiet; flour in Paris, quiet: French
country markets, quiet; weather In England,
partly cloudy.
COTTON— Uplands. 6 13-32d.
Foreign Markets.
NEW YOP.K, Oct. 6.— The exports of gold
and silver from this port to all countries this
week aggregate $1,140,039 silver bars and coin
and $12,000 sold.
The Imports of specie are $15,087 gold and
$23,S50 silver. The Imports of dry goods and
merchandise were $10,227,523.
lm ' orts and Exp >¦ is,
NEW TORK. Oct. 6.— The cotton market
opened steady, with prices unchanged to 4
points lower, and closed steady, net 2#5 points
higher on the day.
New 'York Cotton Market.
SHEEP— Receipts, 1000. Sheep and lambs
about steady. Good to choice wethers, $3 800
4; fair to choice mixed. *3 40®3 80; Western
sheep, $3 SO© 4: Texas sheep, $2 50*33 40: native
lanibb, $4 25(g5; Western lambs, $4 50@5.
HOGS— Receipts to-day, 22.000; Monday,
26,000; left over, 4500. Mostly 10c lower; top,
%B 45; mixed and butchers. ?4 95@5 45; good to
choice heavy, $4 95«?5 40; rough heavy; J4 80@
4 90; light, $4 9O'#5 45; bulk of sales, $5 1005 30.
CHICAGO, Oct. «.-CATTLE-Rece!pte, 600;
nominally steady; good to prime native steers,
$5 45@5 90; poor to medium, $4 50@5 40; selected
feeders, $3 75@4 50; mixed fctockers, $2 60@3 65:
cows, $2 «5£f-» 25; heifers. J2 76@4 €5; canners,
*2i^2 50; bulls, $2 50@4 25; calves, ?4©6; Texas
fed ateers. $4 10®l S5; grassers, $3 30@4; bulls,
$2 73Q3 25.
Chicago Livestock Market.
Flour, qr sks 1S.203 Wool, bales T54
Wheat, ctls 2T.71!;: Broomcorn. bdls.. 4:a
Barley, ctls 7,030, Pelts, bdls 31
Oats, ctls 1.190. Hides, No Vi
Corn, ctls 630 : ETg??. doz 8.4W
Rye. ctls 700' leather, rolls IT
Butter, ctls ]S3|Raislna. boxes.... 4.6.".'
Cheese, ctls 8 ! Lime, bbls 1S2
Beans, sks 1.994! Wine. *als O.YX
Potatoes, sks 3.90C Putar, bbl* 22.1
Onions, sks l.urtii Susar.' sks 4!"
Bran, sks l»S8i) Rye. ctls MO
Middlings, sks... 100 Ha'-v tens 237
Mustard, sks 52
OREGON'.
Flour, qr sks 10.1^; rSran. Fks 1.CT1
Oats, ctls 4CO .
WASHINGTON.
Flour, qr sks 2.S12 Flas Seed, eks... 44 J
Oats, ctls !!.7S0
FOR SATURDAY, OCTOBER «.
Receipts of Produce.
Nicaragua — 13@l6c for prime to fancy washed;
IQWlZKc for fair to strictly good washed;
10H810%c nominal for good to superior un
washed; HgllHc nominal for good to prime un
washed peaberry. j
Guatemala and Mexican— 13H@17c for prime i
to fancy washed: 12i;©13o for strictly good
washed; ll©12c for good washed; 9**@10*ic for
fair washed; HQi^c for medium; i\fi%»ic for
inferior to ordinary: 13©14c fcr good to prime
washed peaberry: ll@ll'4c nominal for good to j
prime unwashed peaberry: 10H@llc nominal for I
good to superior unwashed. i
ll@U%e for good to superior unwashed pea
berry; 7%«J9c nominal for common to ordinary- J
: Salvador— U*48n3ttc*'for'"" good" to prime
washed: 10tt@Uc for fair washed; 12eiSHc for
rood to prime washed peaberry: ll©liy t o for
good to prime semi-washed; 109 t^llo for super
ior unwashed; lO^jc for good green unwashed;
Costa Rica — 14©15c for prime wished; 13HQ
MHc for good washed : 13@14c for good to prime
washed penherry: HS'lSc for good to prime pea
berry; ll%@13e for good to prime; WH911c for
good current mixed: with. black beans; 9H«?llc
for. fair; "UfiSUe nominal for common to.or
dinary. S .¦.•rt*=*>t.*-^*^ J *- - - • . .
"Stock in first hands consists of 1830 bags
Costa Rica, 622 Nicaragua, 2737 Salvador. 12,703
Guatemala and 702 Mexican: in. all 1S.633 bags
as against 16.622 bags same time last year."
"The dull and drooping conditions prevail
ing at the date of our circular of September 7
continued to the end of the month, and at Its
close spot ! coffee had gone lower everywhere.
Since the 1st inst. a slight reaction has taken
place, based' upon reports of an improvement tn
the tone of European markets and a better de
mand for coffee In this country, prices Tor
Brazils In New York recovering %c to %c. Vis
ible supply during August and September In
creased enormously — 1.608.000 bags — and with
receipts at Brazilian ports still running heav
ily, a further large Increase Is certain during
the present month. Crop estimates for 1900-'01
still vary from eight and a half to nine and a
half millions.
"Tha local demand, which has been slaw. Is
reviving. Y '- ¦ . : -
COFFEE— C. E. Blckford's circular gives the
receipts at this port thus far this year at
1G1.294 bags, against 166.748 ¦ In the same time
last year. The sales from first hands were 139,
257 bags, agalnrt 144,655. _Th» stock on hand
October 1 was 20,571 bags, against 17,324 last
year, and the world's visible supply October 1
was 7,426.448 bags, against 8,036,526. ' The cir
cular says: .
Crushed, 6.6oc; Powdered. s.25c; Candy Gran
ulated. 6.25c; Pry Granulated, 6.15c; Confec
tioners' A, 6.15c; Magnolia A, 6.75c; Extra C.
5.65c; Golden C. 6.55c; barrels. 10c more; half
barrels, the. more: boxes, 60c more: 50-lb bags,
10c more. No orders taken for less than 75 bar
rels or Its equivalent. Domlncs, half-barrels.
6.9f'r: bores, 7J*c per lb.
RICE— China mixed, $4 25@H SO; No. 1. $4 70®
4 85; extra. $5©5 50: Japanese, $4 955J5 50; Louis
iana, $l(J77; Hawaiian, $4 75 per ctl.
SUGAR— The Western Sugar Refining Com
pany quotes, per lb, tn 100-lb bags:
COAL— Wellington, S3 per ton; Southfleld
Wolllngton, J9; Seattle, *7; Bryant, |7; Coos
Bay. $5 50; Wallsend, J3; Co-operative Walls
end. $9; Cumberland, $12 in bulk and $13 2S In
sacks; Pennsylvania Anthracite Egg, $14; Can
nel, 112 per ton; Coke, $10 per ton In bulk and
$18 In sacks; Rocky Mountain descriptions,
$3 45 per 2000 lbs and $8 50 per ton, according
to brand.
BAGS— San Quentln Bags, $5 65; Calcutta
Grain Bags. 6%c; Wool Bags. 2S*i©32Hc; Fleece
Twine, 7Hc; Fruit Bags. 6H®6%c for white and
tM&8%c for bleached Jute.
General Merchandise.
PORK— Live Hogs, 5^4c for small, 6H©6%c for
r.ifdlum.and o'4'a>''i for large; stock Hogs and
feeders. 5@5>;c; dressed Hogs, 7tt@8%c.
LAMB- 8©8V4c per lb.
BEEF— r>l£06c for Steers and 4H®5o per lb
for Cows.
VEAL— Large, 7#Sc; small, 7@9c per lb.
MUTTON— Wethers, 7®7V4e; ewes, 6^©7c per
pound.
San Francisco Meat Market.
HIDES AND SKINS— Culls and brands sell
about le under quotations. Heavy salted
Steers, 9@9%c; medium. 8Hc; llgrht, 8o; Cow
hides. 8c; Stags, 6c; Salted Klp,*"«c: Salted
Veal, 8c; Salted Calf, 9c; Dry Hides. 15c; culls,
lie; Dry Kip, 13c; Dry Calf, 15c; curls and
brands, 12c; Sheepskins, Shearlings, 15gZ5o
each: short Wool. 30@40c each; medium, SO&TOc;
lcng Wool. 75c$?U each: Horse Hides, salt, f2Q
2 25 for large, $1 73 for medium. H for small
and COc for colts: Horse Hides, dry, $1 50 for
large, $1 25 for medium, $1 for small and 23S50c
lor colts. Deerskins^ — Summer or red skins. 35c;
fall or medium skins. 30c; winter or thin skins.
17H@2Oc. Goatskins— Prime Angoras, 76c; large
and smooth, 50c; medium, 35c.
TALLOW— No. 1 rendered. 4S4tfe per lb; Xo.
2. 3#3^c: srrease. 2©2V4c.
WOOL — Spring clip Is quotable as follows:
Northern, free. 15@16c: Northern, defective, 12®
14e; Middle County, free. HiJUc; Middle Coun
ty, defective, 12©14c: Southern Mountain, 13
months,' 9®10c; Southern Mountain, free. 7
months". 11012c: Southern Mountain, defective.
7 months', Sflfjeilc: Humboldt and Mendoclno, It
@17c: Nevada, 13@lSc per lb.
Fall Clip— San Joaqulti. <Hj|Sc: do Lambs', 8
Cjftc: Middle County, 9®llc per lb.
HOPS— 11V4014HC per lb.
LARD — Tierces quoted at 6*40 r*r lb for com
pound and 9Hc for pure; half- barrels, pure,
SMc; 10-lb tins, lOtfc; 5-lb tins. 10Hc
COTTOLENE— One half-barrel, &%c; three
half-barrels. 8%e; one tierce. 8Hc; two tierces.
fcVic; five tierces, 8Hc per lb.
Hides, Tallow, Wool and Hops.
CURED MEATS-Bacon, lltfe per lb for
heavy. 12c for liKht medium. 13%c for light,
14c for extra light ond 15Hc for sugar cured;
Eastern sugar-cured Hams. 12c: Mess Beef.
$12 u0 per bbr: extra Mess. J13 50; Family.
$H SO: extra Prime Perk. $13 50: extra clear,
$19; Me?s. $18 50: Smoked Beef, 12H«?13c per lb.
Cured Meats continue firm, but there Is no
further advance.
Provisions.
HONEY-Comb, l3^i®14Hc for bright and 12H
(ilia for light amber; water white, extracted.
7^«<?8c: light amber extracted, 7©7i4c: dark. 6
®6^c wr lb.
BEEESWAX— 24®26c per lb. -
NUTS— Chestnuts. lKJTl'^c per lb; Walnuts,
No. 1 »oftshell. He; No. 2, 8c; No. 1 hardshell,
10c: No. 2. 7^ic: Almonds. 15<@16c for paper
shell. ll@12<4c for snftshell. Peanuts, 6®«c for
Eastern: Brazil Nuts. 13c; Filberts, ISc; Pe
cans. llWICo: Cocoanuts, $3 60@5.
RAISINS— The Raisin Growers' Association
has established the following prices for the
eeason of 1900: Bleached Thompson's fancy.
12c per lb; choice, lie; standard, 8%c; prime,
8c; unbleached. Thompson's 9c per lb. Sul
tarap—Fancy. 1O>4<- per lb: choice. 9Hc; stand
ard, 8 lie; prime. 8c: Unbleached Sultanas, 8c;
Seedless. 60-lb boxes, «*£c; 2-crown loose Mus
catels. 6c; 3-crown. 6%c; 4-crown. 7c; London
Layers, 2-crown, U 50 per box; S-crown. (1 60;
Fancy Clusters, $?; Dehesa. 12 60: Imperial, $3.
All riricos f. o. b. at common shipping points
in Cal'fornia. ¦ »
FRUITS-Prunes, Santa Claras, 4 sties. Jc;
40-COs. 7e; 60-60S. 6Ke; 60-TOs. Z\c; 70-80s. JUe;
80-SOs. 2»nc: <>0-100s, V^c; 100s and over, 2c;
rubies, He premium; Sonomas, %c and San
Joaquins, \Jc less than Santa Claras, except
IOOj and ov«r. which rtaml the same. Apricots,
65??c for Royals and 10<Sllv;c for Moorparks;
Evaporated Apples. 5W6c: sun-dried. 3@tc:
Pc-achec. R@5Hc for standard. egfiUc for choice
and 7j?Sc fir fancy. Pears, 3®7c: Plums, pitted,
5@GUe: unpltted. lQmc; Nectarines, 5#;%c for
red and 5V4R6c for white.
The trade report a falling off In the East
ern demand for fruits, owing chiefly to
the approaching election, and expect no more
activity until after It Is over. Raisin* con
tinue to sell well.
There Is very little new In this market. Figs
are scarcer and higher and Peaches are also
doing better under small arrivals. Quinces are
plentiful and dull.
Grapes and Melons stand about the same.
The former are dragging and the rain did not
produce the expected Improvement.
DECIDUOUS FRUITS
APPLES — 2,V850o r*r box for common and
6Cc^tl 25 for good to choice.
PEARS — Winter Nellis. 60c©*l; Cooking
Pears. 25065c prr box.
QVlxrr.v-.v.'snoc per box.
PERSIMMONS per box.
FIGS — C.0e«j$l for ordinary box.
CRANBERRIES— Cape Cod, $S<5S 23: Wis
consin. per bbl: Coos Ray. 12 25 per box.
STRAWBERRIES-J2 50^5 per chest for
large and S7CJ8 for small berries.
RASPBERRIES— JS67 per chest. -
POMEGRANATES— 30@75c per small box and
$1 50 per large box. .«*
PLUMS— 20ff50c per box.
GRAPES— MuFfBt. 35^650 per crate; black.
SSQNEfc: Tokay, S5@65c: Isabella, SO^te: Cornl
rhon. ;0«380c; TVIne Grapes, t\Z<Q2O for white,
J20©22 30 for Mission and $21@2a per ton for
Zinfanrtel.
MELONS— Nutmegs, 40e<g$l per case; Canta
loupes, 7oc@$l 50 per crate; Watermelons, $50
18 per 100.
CITRUS FRUITS— S»cdllne Oranges. 75c©$2;
Valencian. $lig>4: Lemons, $lif?2 for common anil
J2 504*3 for good to choice: Mexican Limes,' 148
4 50; Bananas, $1 60@2 50 per bunch; Pineapples,
U 50@3 EO per dozen.
Dried Fruits, Nuts and Raisins.
Deciduous and Citrus Fruits.
CHEESE— N>w. lOUtSlle: old. 9«?10c: Young
America, 10>4312c; Eastern, 13>i8He: Western,
lC@12c per lb.
KGf'.S— yuotfd st imV>c for s-tnr» and 30@3$c
per dozen for ranc#\ Eastern, lS£2(!c.
Stcrnes Konds-
22V*«24e.
The markets were quiet and featureless yes
terday, and prices showed little change. Stocks
of Butter were ample, and those of Eggs
moderate. Fine Eastern Eggs wer» quoted
higher.
BUTTEE-
Creamery— Fancy Creamery, 28®JS^c; Sec
onds, 27®27Vic.
Dairy— fancy. 25®26c; good to choice, 23324c;
common, 2O4fHc.
Creamery tub— 20®22*4c per lb.
Pickled roll-13ff 21c.
Firkln-lS@lSc.
Butter, Cheese and Eggs.
$2® 2 50 for small; Pigeons, $1 2501 60 p«r dozen
for old and $1 IWfiZ for Squabs.
GAME— Quail. 75c<g*l 25 for Valley and $2 80
for Mountain; Mallard, J4&7 50. Sprig. J2 50*54:
Teal, J2@2 50; Widgeon. 12@3; Small Duck, $1@2;
Gray Geese, S3; "White Geese, $1 50; Brant. —
for small and — for large: English Snipe. |1@
2 60: Jack Snipe. Jl@l «5: Hare. $1 25®1 76;
Rabbits, $1 50 for cottcntall and *1 for brush;
Doves, WtfjfSOc; Grouse, — ; Sage Hens, — per
dozen.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, OCTOBER 7, 1900.
New York Grain and Produce.
EASTERK MARKETS.
Chicago Grain Market.
Foreign Futures.
ton
We
31
NEW YORK. Oct. 6.-The Financier .ays:
The banks of New York, according to their
current statement. Ioet during the week more
than 50 per cent of the surplus reserve reported
at the close of business September 2S. This
leaves them with cn!y J6.241.SOO above the re
quired minimum of 25 per cent of dermoit*
calh ' wh- e t UnS f " atur^ the t he ° a f vy d fP s o s SIt 1 s n
dra?n «h h a .* pre -: ates *8.674,700. the heaviest
i«?» „ has been enfouutered since the
crfast? Bwuicn - , Ti - ie "Seance of the de!
crease, however, is lessened by the fact that
E«fr 1 H? e bank whlch has been carrying nearly
™n.«£f e , xces « reserve in New York Is re
oP?.Jh Vt 0 /. th >¦*«**¦¦ reduction. Its outgo
of cash holdings havlny been in the neiifhbor
nood of lltt.COO.000 within the past t«o Tveeks.
?h»t 1 1 "° sp ° cfal moment, except to >how
that the majority of the banks In the Clearing
t£U,1?J^ aVe , u r d *' r l on e no serious drain on their
resources, although quite a number of them are
S nRSSrS. - t0 l^ e legal reserve P° lnt Rnd som «
of them below it. The present statement would '
?^ .K aVe . looked "" *erlous Had it not been j
for the almoft stationary lean column. While
ir.ere is nothing to warrant the assertion It
appears as though there had been a period of
active borrowing during the week not pre
viously known. At any rate the general tend
ency or the banks just now Is to contract loans
arid the small decrease for the wpek compares
oddly w:th the decreases of the two weeks' re- '
serves. The dwindling reserve does not mean ,
a stringency in the market. It emphasizes the
ract that money is going to remain firm over !
election. The rise in rates will lead to re
newed talk of gold imports, but nobody regards
the occasion serious enough to call for ship
ments of^ specie -to this side, although If a|
small profit can be shown the current may !
turn this way again. The most curious phase
of the situation is what would have happened
had It not been for the greatly enlarged vol
ume of national bank currency within the
year.
London Market.
NEW YORK. Oct. 6.— The Commercial Adver
tiser's London financial cablegram says: The
stock market here was quietly firm. London is
buying Anacondas. Of gold £42.000 sterling
has been taken for export to Kgypt. Money
was a little easier, call loans being reduced to
lit Per cent. Silver was inclined to react some
what
CLOSING.
Atchlson. 20?;; Canadian Pacific. 90H; Union
Pacific preferred. 76V*; Northern Pacific prefer
red. U\; Grand Trunk, 6>i; Anaconda, 9&; bar
silver steady, 29&d: money, 1V4 per cent
A DIAPHANOUS. REASON.
"I wonder why she prefer* the. moun-
tains to the seashore?" ' he remarked
thoughtfully.
His sister looked at him pityingly.
"If you ever saw her In a bathing' suit
you would . understand." she said. — Chi-
cago Poot. \ :;?.;¦¦!•¦ - -__ t
HJLLLBOAD TBAVII^
NOVTIIKKX |-A«:i»'It* «:«»M»-.« ."KT.
|r*eiric »vmtkm.)
Trains: In««»> mail »»•¦«• ala* tn nrrl»e n%
sl> rRANCMCV,
' (Main lAne, Fooc ~t Stark** Street.)
LSATs — fk»m Ocxoars l, 13C0. — ahritb
•7:«Oa B«ildx. Siilsun, Kiaiira. YacaTllle,
lluu.-itT j>mt hiu:r .»tu«-i. ••• *7: Vtr
•7:»li» sl»atK Kipr, «i- I>i.»i3. WiUi&ma(for
i:artl-t5 StrirK*). Widows. H«U
BIuC, n>rt:»u<l •?:«"Sr
•;:Ut»A M.vtiner, SaiilUmon.Vallejo. Napa.
C»IUt'gasmt Santa Uusa *Sil.lp
•«•:<>(»* Iu*k >Vixk1:»; d. Knife'Lta Landiac,
Marjmille. Ora»i!l». *7:13f
• «iA«.% Aila..!.i.- iA i .r-.-««-<»i;.>>i autl £wl •13:f.1r
•»:««» \ Nile?, Tr cy laihrop, Stockton *»s»3a
•«:3U* H»n ataM, J-ilL-riuoit, .St(ii:«toti,
Ir.re, MJcrdinriito. Pl\C?tiHlK,
JlittjitfiiK Chicii, KinHWutr MitSr
•Hi3«a OaJti:*l.,i;uiu<-3«, .-u.'.ora.CWtera... 'IM-Tr
•»:««»» IlijHi,:. .\i;,»»u.lWi>N'.»t;.:i,i.MI:l.i4
••J:(1«»A Ttm A ai-'t r.» iUrr^" — »»»»*tn«l,
Tracj. Iv»i:it,i|., .^.H-ictfiij. ilTct-d
KicuMiiisml Lon Anja'ta m •7:l.lp
••J::i«>« ViJi.j.,, M»r!in.*».,<t WiijXtatiiiii* ¦attSf
?Hi:in«« Th»OvexUn.tl.ii«»:e«l— C>.':!«ii. l>ea-
wr, khMiliik. Chlcmcq ••--«»
•ll:i>o« SJI>-», fltmrtitnn. nmvmtar^tm. Mm-
.l'.ti. l'ni-.o. lUnforc', >U«li»,
l\riniUia ¦.. «Iil3F
•I I. CO a V.un-j >rc. . J »r^r. Gprt-n Juac-
il'i\ lUfMkw, Lea Atjjffles .
•l-«:niiM ihtir.t.:... Mil— »ml \V.> UiaHorW. **:«*»
!»;«». I- >.^.i»rl^.. l'U»i>i!«i> l M>...i •5:l>«»* .
•:::««!• Majirjrl^, KltrSMul Way atstlli— . *»:«."»?
•l:'i«r Martfurz, Sun UaMon, V»iiej;».
X*|t:i. TjUxlin;^. .^<ii!.:i ili.w •Oil 3*
•Ji«*r It-oicU, \Vial< m. HiU'iameuto,
WV....I.T-.1. Ki.ikl.t* ..Kii..ii;e
M*rr«»ti'". <>rii<li:» •!•:«.¦»»
•l:a«»» Nfie», .¦"¦»!: .Ii.w^imJ Stiwkton •«:l.1r
•5:»»r Tin- Owl l.i,:iitml— Tracy, Frefno.
lUkcnSaM Sanjm fat !S»ii'a !J^r-
bn, but Amk.U-s. •lOil.H
•SiUOr R»tickton »'.»s»;j.i
•JitdrKre Orlras* Eijres*— Kakmni^M,
Hki.u I1«>.m». I os A..E-lc«. l)->u-
Infc i'i t'uo, tivv I'dt-ans and
Ka»t "Till*
•0:o«r nsnwmnla, NU««a»d0aji Jvi # 7: ••»*
? «:««r V : .!!rii» MSliaa
•»:O»r Ih:ku.I SbO-4M«a^ Chej«iin«.
Omaha, t;hie»|T> •»3:4.'»»
•«:«cri>rMi.i»i Matt— OcdvOk »ea»et.
llOaha. CUaaffO MatSa
•T:"O • !,' ::,>, Trtcy, J.*:hrop. Stockton.... •H:l.'Jr
•<:OI>r OtrtKii a:ul I *!i.>.fii t i.,,.,,./;,,. \
i»i..^..t,.. UarxmRl*. KvklfiM. x
f.»l!»l|.l, filKrl N.,.|,..l »..,! KH-.1 «••:«•»»
|A>o.tr Vj.1I. j., l'.,r>. i\tt» .....I W»» »<m-
'j'<-* ;il:war
I'OAVI KIUnION (Sarntif t.un^o). *
(root «.f X! irk.t Sire.-». t
•BiTSj Nnvmrt.'l •¦iiitr»ii:....s»i 1 .|, MB rKr!ti.ii —^~
li'.ic.;.'il'r.rt.ii»>.iii(;ii:ii»ni|W,i;
HUtiunn ••:!!»»
t2il.tr N«w.;rk. Cantorrll!»t Rm .)..««, N«w
Aluw.Uu. I'-Uon. i:..ii!<l«r rrcik,
Ha.it* i-tia aa.l 1'iiucipal \Va»
.Stations f I >? ;¦•>««
•¦4xf.1i- Newark, m:«h J,ni«», Los Oat,m •Ss-'wt*
Al l:I3p Hunter*' Kxcrnion, San Joss and
Wsyym-ons pi'iOy
CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
friraSiS riuSCiSO— »:ot »f airUit Strttl (Sli» 8> —
•7:13 . »0O ll:00».M. »:03 -2:03 13:33
M:C3 13:03 *8.C3r.n.
fr«mlt»Sl.»»D — r«at ».'3r«a»«f.— '(1.00 ":09 10.00* tf.
t!3:33 '1:03 t::Ca ?SiSJ ti:53 •a:C3r.w.
L'OAVI DIVISION (I'.roaiMiaa^r).
(ThirJ :>i «* Towwseml SU)
tft: I O» <)c-ft:i View. Houth Hau Fmnciacn.. |*t3O|
•7:O«* Han J»n ami ~7ay HUtinna (Naw
Alui%<ler VV nil. e*tUy» only) *l:4Or
'U.OOa Ma» imp. Trea Tinua. M>.nu Ctxn,
I'acil'tc (irote. I'm-i KnUea, tian
l.iiii ')t,ispo, 8>irf. Loojpoc autl
l'rniolj^l Way Mbntlima *4l:lOv
•I !»:•«* Kan J.*o au<l Wajr Stations •«:UrW»
•II::h>a HnJnataaj Wa>- SUUunn *3::tUp
t*:-t»rRan Mateo, lt r t!vno<l. Menlo Park.
l'»l.) Alto. .iiiiiU('i:»r». Mm .)<««.
Tres Finos Mania Cm/. .Sviniu.
Monters; ami I'aciiie <;m»8 IIO:.t« t
(SiMr S.ll.loss *..<) Wuy Stut.loi.a •T:Srtl-
flil.tr 3*n J. «««,,. I rri':ci{<tl Way Station* *!>:••><
f3:«ur3an .!.«-. Lns Gatos and Principal
Way .Stations I0:O<>»
•SlSOr San.), s.' and Principal W» r .Sutkuis *•::»*
•«:3«p San Joae au.l Way Htatioua «n : «M»«
«ll:-j."»r San .low-ami Hay Sutlima •7:3«»p
A for Morning 1* for Aftcrmton
"Daily. f HuiMlar ptceptsd. .! Muid.iy on 'j
. a . i a:nr<l'»y «n!y.
CALffOSMA N0RTH¥ESTEE5 ET. CO.
LESSEE
SAM FRAKCISCQ AND NORTH PAC1F18
RAiLWAY COMPANY.
Tlturon Ferry, Foot ot Market St
. BAN FRANCISCO TO SAN RATAJX.
T7EEK DATS- 7:30. »:00. 11:00 a. m.; 12:J3.
S:30. 5:10. 6:30 p. m. Thursdays — Extra trip
at 11:30 d. m. Saturdays— Ei:ra tripa at l:iJ
- and 11:30 p. m,
6UNDAY&-»:G0. 9:M. 11:00 a. m.: 1:30.' J:Mt
5:CO. S:;o d. no.
SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— «:10. 7:10. 9:20. 11:10 a. in.: 12:45.
S:<3, 5:15 p. m. Satnrdays— Extra trips at
1:56 and t:iS o. rn.
BUNDAYS— «:10. 9:0. 11:10 a, m.j 1:40. 3:40,
6:05. C:25 p. m.
Between San Francisco as<l Schaetzen Par*
same «cheJul« as above
Ve^r9 I In Effect, I Arrlv«
Ban t'ranclsoo. [Apr. 15. l»Qg.) San Francisco.
Week J ,Eun- J 1 Sun- I We*
Days, f days. | Destination.] day. | Days.
T:30am «:00»m Novato. 10:43 amj $:40 am
t:30 pm 9:30 am Petaluma. 6:06 pm 10:25 tn
t:13 pm E :00 pm Santa Rota. l:tS pmj V20 pm
Fulton.
T:JO am Windsor. 13:21 am
Eaaldsbort;.
Lytton.
Geyser-rills.
I: JO pm SrfO nm Cloverdale. 7:33 pm l:S0pm
T.SO ami J Hoptand I |10:J5 am
1:30 pna| S:00 amf and Uklah. I T:3S pm| *:H> pin
1:20 am 10:25 as*
g:00 am Guerneville. T:33 pm
t :30 pm 8:23 pia
7:30 am 8:00 am Sonoma. 3:15 am 8:40 ao
and
8:10 pra 5:00 pm Olen Ellen. <:0S pm trtO pra
7:30 ami 3:00 ami • 110:40 am|10:!3 an*
8:S0 pm| B:CO pm, Sebastcpol. | 7:3S pm| <:20 pm
Stares connect at 8nnta Rosa for Mark West
Springs and White Sulphur Springs; at Fulton,
for Altruna: at Lytton for Lyticn Springs; at
Geysarvlll* for Skarss Springs : at Clovcrdal*
for the Geysers: at Hopland for Duncan.
Springs. Highland Springs. KelseyvUle, Carla—
bail Sprlnjrs, Soda Bay. Lafceport and Bartlatft
Springs; at UVtah for Vichy Springs. Saratoga.
Springs. Blue Lake«. Laurel Dell Laka. Witter
Springs. Upper Lake. Porno. Potttr Valley..
John Day's. Riverside. Llerley*s, Bucknell'a,
8anhedrl» Heights, Eullvllle, Orr*» Hoii
Springs, Mendocino City. Fort Bragy. West-
port. Usal. WllUts, Laytonvllle. Cummins.
Bell'* Springs. Harris. Olsen's. Dyer. Scotia*
and Eureka.
Saturday to Monday roun*A»rl» ttcksU aH
reduced rates. *
On Sunday round trip tickets to an points
beyond San Rafael at half rate*. i
Ticket offices. 650 Market at.. Chronic]* bld&
H. C, WHITING. R. X. RYAN.»
General Manaser. Gen. "Pass. Agent.
NORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD.
Via Sausallto Ferry.
Commencing September 30, 1300.
FROM SAN, FRANCISCO TO MILL VALLET
AND SAN RAFAEL.
WEEK DAYS— «:», •9:15. 11:00 a, m.. "1:45,
lOX 4:00. 6:13, *8:13. 6:40 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS— For Mill Valley and Saa
Rafael, on Mondays. Wednesdays and Sat-
urdays at 9:00 and 11:33 p. m.
SUNDAYS— *S:0O. 10:00. m:«0 a. m.. *1:13.
3:15. *4:43. 6:30, 9:00 p. m.
Trains marked <•) run to Saa Quentln. •
FROM SAN RAFAJJL to SAH FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— 5:25. •*:». 7:45, 9:30 a. m..
•12:30. 1:4S. *3:30. 4:30. 5:20 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays. Wedneadaya
and Saturdays at 8:45 and 10:20 p. m.
SUNDAYS— «:20. 'SiCO. *10:00, •U:« a. nL.
•1:40. *2:\S. 4:45, M:X0 p. m.
Trains marked <•) start from San Quentln.
FROM MILL VALLEY TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— 5:43. «:«. 7:65, f:3O a. m.,
12:35. J:10. 3:30, 4:54, 5:20 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays. VTeiaesiajs
and Saturdays at 7:10 and 10:20 P. m.
SUNDAYS— 8:05.' 10:C5 a. m.. 12:CS, 1:15. 3:39,
5-00. 8:45 p. m.
* THROUGH TRAINS.
6:53 a. m. week days— Cazadcro and way sta»
tlons. * •
1:45 p. m. Saturdays— Tomalea and way st»>«
tlons.
8:0O a. ' m. Sundays— Tomalea and way «t*«
tlons. ' .
Santa Fe
Trains— Daily
Leavt Morkst-strest F«rry Depot.
Ltb. San Fraoclsco. 1:00 a m 4:10 p m 1:00 p a
Arr. Stockton 12:30 p m 7:15 p m 11:05 p a
" Merced 2:42 p m 1:1s a, Sa
•* Frwna 4:20 p m 1:06 a sa
" Vlsalla ........ G:00 p m 4:50 a a
" Tulare 1:23 pm 1:10 a oa
•• Hanford 5:J3 p m 7:0« a m
•• BakersCeld ... 8:B0 p m T JO a m
- Denver 10:00 a m ¦
" Kansas City... 6:15 p m
•? Chicago 7:40 a m .
9 a. m. train Is the Overland Rxpress. Corr*-
tpondlng train arrives at 8 p. in. dally.
4:10 p. m. Is Stockton Local. Correspondln»j
train arrives 11.05 a. m. dally.
- 8:00 p. m. ls Frerao and Bakersfleld Express,
with Fleeping Cars fcr both cities. Correspcni*
log train arrives at S a. m. dally.
OFFICES— «41 Market st. and In Ferry Depot.
San Francisco: 111S Broadway. Oakland.
MOUNT TAHALPAIS RAILWAY
Leaves San Francisco, via Sausalito Ferry:
WEEK DAYS 9:13 a. m.; I:i3 and 4:00 p. m.
S.UNDAYS 8:00, 10:00, U:30 and 1:15 p. m.
Fare. San Fraadaco to Summit and Return,
Jl 40.
NEW TAVERST OF TAMALPAIS NOT? OPS3*.
Ticket OfScea, 831 Market st., Sausall;o Fern)In a communication sent to Frank H
Gould and E. D. McCabe, commissioners
of the . buildin.? and loan associations of
the State of California, Attorney General
Tirey I* Ford grants the board permls-
To Enjoin Tontine . Association.
Miss Sadie American will. give an ad
dress at the State Normal School. Powell
street near Clay. Monday afternoon at
3:30. She will discuss the recent civic
movement Up Chicago, which has led to
the improvement of the schools.
On Wednesday afternoon at 3:30 Profes
sor E. E. Brown of the University of Call
*o™» la _ 1 " ri11 *»!>«» hts aeries of lectures upon
"The Method of Instruction."
Lectures on Educational Topics.
The Associated Veterans of the Mexi
can War petitioned the Board of Super
visors yesterday for quarters in the City
Hall, as its present meeting-place, on'the
second" floor of the enelne house at 2*>
O'Farrell street. Is required for the Fire
Department. The petition calls attention
to the fact that the association many
years ago deeded a tract of land near
the park in consideration of a twenty
five years' lease of the engine house on
Bryant street, between Third and Fourth
but the department needed the house and'
the quarters were exchanged for the pres
ent location at the request of Chief Scan
nell. IMBBb
Wants Quarters in City Hall.
Whether it was the same or another
"strange" brand that Thomas Renelson
had partaken of was undecided by the
Commissioners. In consequence of the
contradictory nature -of the evidence the
Commissioners took the case under ad
visement. .
. John F. McDaniel. engineer of com
pany; 13. tendered his resignation, which
waa accepted.
The Fire Commissioners at their session
yesterday were somewhat puzzled ln ar
riving at a Just verdict ln the case of H.
O. Behrman, hoseman of engine company
12, who was up to explain why he became
Intoxicated. The accused pleaded 'guilty,
accounted for, his fall from . grace by. the
fact that he had used a "strange" brand
of liquor which had the effect of making
him • see • housetops dance -highland
flings and sidewalks go waltzing before
him. •¦ Behrman was let off on a line of a
week's pay.
Commissioners.
Fireman Squares Himself With the
TJSEI> A STRANGE BRAND.
u R u C 5 f w rd^ as ""raarried and although
lodging-house the inmates . can give but
little information about him except that
he was believed to be a speculator He
ate dinner downstairs on Friday evening.
an . d . & a *£** tl B e noth 'ng unusual was
noticed about his appearance.
Bernard T. Rockford, a speculator about
60 years of age, was found dead In his bed
yesterday forenoon by Mrs. May Bab
cock, chambermaid for the lodging-house
my-'. Grant avenue. By his side were
found a bottle containing laudanum and
a small vial nearly full of a solution of
cyanide of potassium. ' '
the Agents Used -by the Aged
Suicide.
BERNARD T. ROCKFORD
TOOK TWO POISONS
Prussia Acid and Laudanum Were
sion to use the name of the State of Cali
fornia for the purpose of bringing an ac
tion to enjoin the further transaction of.
business by the Tontine Savings Associa
tion. According to the commissioners the
company's business is that of a retail deal
er in diamonds, making sale3 upon the In
stallment plan, and its claim of being a
savings association is a mere pretense
assumed for the purpose of evading the
laws of the State. In the judgment of tha
Attorney General, this may be properly
made the subject of judicial Inquiry and
he. therefore, grants the necessary per
mission to brinj? suit in the name of. the
State.
amusing Interest. Mrs Etta Dohen, 310
Pacific street, secured a warrant for the
arrest on a charge of battery of Miss
Maude Davis, a colored woman who lives
in the flat above her. » She . said that Miss
Davis had quarreled with ; her and that
Friday night the colored girl 'threw about
fifteen pounds of pepper Into her flat,
with the result that no one lrv it could
sleep for sneezing. When Mrs. Dohen
complained to Miss Davis . yesterday
morning she was struck in the face, she
says,' by her colored neighbor. .
Isaac Morris, a peddler, of poultry, liv
ing 'at 24 'Jones street, secured a warrant
for the arrest of "Jane Doe" Simon on
the charge of petty ' larceny. "» According
to his story he sold Mrs.- Simon four
chickens Friday evening and she asked
him to follow her to her house, - saying
she would pay him. When they reached
the house, Morris says, the lady, shut the
door In his face. - He - rang the bell and
she opened a window and asked him what
A J Colored Woman Throws " Fifteen
' Pounds of Pepper Into a
Neighbor's House.
Warrants were issued yesterday in
Judge Cabaniss' court in two cases of
MORRIS SEEKS COURTS
INSTEAD OF WHISTLING
he was rlngrinsr the bell for.- He replied.
"I want my money." She retorted, so he
says: "You can either whistle for your
chickens or sue me for the money."
In'our trunk and valise department we
have the newest things In wardrobe
trunks, bureau trunks, dress suit cases
traveling: sets, ladles' pocketbooks etc'
Gold lettered free of charge. Sanborn"
Vail & Co.. 741 Market st. ' «'
Wardrobe Trunks.
Drink "Rainier," only beer on Pacific J
Coast that received a medal at Paris Ex- i
position; awarded for purity and quality.* I
! The Supreme Court yesterday handed
down a decision affirming the decision of
the lower court in the case of C. H. Hance i
Clerk of Los Angeles County, plaintiff and
respondent, vs. the City of Los Angeles,
defendant and appellant. Hance refused
to countersign and sell bonds for public
EchoolTmproveinents and the City Council •
tried to secure a writ of mandate to com- !
pel him to carry out Its wishes, but the I
Superior Court refused to issue the order. •
Los Angeles City Council Loses.
It is stated that arrangements are. being
made to have the inspections of the Na
tional Guard held during the month of
November and that the order for such will
be issued shortly.
Captain. William L.. Wall of Company
M, First Infantry, has not yet received
from the office of the adjutant general
at Sacramento his commission as first
lieutenant, which he ought to have re
ceived In the early part of the year nor his
commission as captain, which ought to
have been, issued soon after he was elect
ed to that position last April. The men of
his company are wondering if the same
tactics are being carried on as in the lat
ter part of 1899, when Wall was commis
sioned first lieutenant in the First Cali
fornia Volunteers. At that time the com
mission was duly signed and sent to this
city, but It was 'not delivered and some
time after was found by a bellboy in an
ash barnel at the Occidental Hotel. The
finder turned it over to Major O'Neil
and finally it got Into the hands of Wall
The men who elected Wall first as first
lieutenant of the company and subse
quently honored him by electing him their
captain are thinking of obtaining search
warrants to permit them looking Into a
number of ash barrels with the idea that
they might find the missing commission
there. A feature of the delay is that it
will deprive the captain of his vote when
it comes to voting for colonel of the First
Infantry and it Is thought by some that
the commission is held back, if it is not in
an ash barrel, to punish one of the can
didates for the colonelcy, who in October
was charged with having been instru
mental in having the finding of the com
mission in the ash barrel made public
through The Call, although the candldat»
has satisfactorily proved that he was not
the one "who pave It away."
An effort will be made In the near future
to call together the officers of all the
organizations in the Second Brigade for
the purpose of discussing a number of
changes which it Is thought would be for
the best Interest of the guard, not only of
the brigade, but of the entire State. One
of these will be a movement looking to
ward the taking of the guord out of poli
tics and the appointment of officials upon
their merits and records as military men
and not upon their political pulls. Another
matter tfiat will be discussed will be a
proposed changa In the present system of
electing officers of companies. It will be
suggested that captains and lieutenants
be appointed during good behavior and to
remain in position until either promoted
or retired for age. as In the regular army
It is claimed that under the present sys
tem of electing men to commissioned offi
ces every two years, there Is formed In
almost every company two cliques or
factions and that the service Is not bene
fitted by a portion of the men not being
In accord with the superior officers A
number of other matters will be sug
gested.
Captain Wall's Commission Still
Withheld—Talk of New Laws
for Citizen Soldiery.
DOINGS OF THE STATE'S
NATIONAL GUARDSMEN
Circuit Judge Morrow and Consul
General Pickersg^ll Address the
British-American Union.
The meeting of the British-American
TJnion held last night in the lecture-room
of the Academy of Sciences building was
attended by a large and enthusiastic au
dience. At the back of the platform were
hung the Stars and Stripes and the Union
Jack. William Greer Harrison presided
and introduced the various speakers and
performers. The principal address was
made by United States Circuit Court
Judge \V. W. Morrow, who dwelt upon the
growing friendliness between the United
States and Great Britain and enumerated
Feveral striking instances of the strong
relationship between the two peoples,
drawing: special attention to the legal as
pects of the matter.
Consul General Pickersglll expressed a
strong hope that the grounds of misun
derstanding between Americans and Brit
ons might be gradually and surely re
moved and the two nations aid each other
in spreading civilization throughout the
•world. r»r. Clajnpett and Dr. F. W
d'Evelyn followed with interesting re
marks and loud applause rang through
the hall when the latter introduced to the
audience a young American, born in this
city, •who had recently returned from
South yAfrica, where as a member of the
Imperial Light Horse he took part In. the
relief of Ladysmith.
The Frweehes were Interspersed with
eongs and instrumental music.
BB-ITOITS CHEER THE
STABS AND STEIPES
TRANSACTIONS IN REALTY
The real estate brokers agree that the
times are dull and will be dull until after
election has settled matters again. They
also agree, though, that renting proper
ties that are eligible are in good demand
and that there are not enough of certain
classes of houses to satisfy the demand.
The town la filling up and has about
caught up with* the overbuilding of two
or three years ago.
Easton &, Eldrldge report the following
sales: Northeast corner of- Grove and
Webster streets, 37:6x82:6, the improve
ments consisting of six flats, the seller
being the Mang-an estate and the buyer
James Carroll, for $10,000; also 441-443 Na
toma street, with eSght flats, the lot being
ST.CxSO. for $7750; 1201-1203 Sanchez street,
with two flats, for $4500; 1205-1207 Sanchez,
with two flats, 13750; 39S1-3983 Twenty
fifth, with two flats, $3750; 804-S06 Shotwell,
54x11':, with two cottages, $4000; 135-137
Duncan, *vlth two flats, $3000; 1040-1042
Duncan, with iwo flats, $3000.
David Bush & Son have. sold the villa
home of Mr. and Sirs. Frank Moulton at
Fair Oaks, San Mateo County, on Selby
lane, to F. W. Eaton for $15,000. The es
tate embraces sixteen acres and has a
handsome dwelling upon it. The same
brokers have sold for Phillips & Vachell
tracts in the San Martin ranch in Santa
Clara County as fellows: To "W. Hol
land, twelve acres at $100 per acre; to
liobert Carnow, twelve acres at $125 per
acre; to W. II. Myer, twelve acres at $100
per acre. 1 ,
Thomas Magee & Sons report in their
Real Estate Circular that the total num.
bor of city real estate mortgages recorded
in September was 272, of the value ot
$776,611. The total number of releases of
mortgages was 165, of the value of $1,-75,
375. The Hibernia Bank lent 5231.S0O last
month in the city and released $506,aoO;
the German Bank lent $110,075 and released
$1S2,5OU; the Savings Union lent $S7,000 and
released $39,250; private individuals tobk
S7 mortgages, of the value of ?211,SS6. and
released Gti mortgages, of the value of
$506,550.
An analysis of the sales of realty re
corded last month gives various sections
of the city the following numbers and
amounts: Potrero 10. value $26,850; Mis
sion 63, $116,351; Western Addition 53.
$420,360; South San Francisco 16, $13,25o;
outside lands 19, $22,250; 50-varas 20. $141.-
SO0; 100-varas 12. $3^,219; city slip and
water lots 6, $205,500.
The San Francisco and San Mateo Elec
tric Railway Company has contracted
with George and Seth H. Walker for the
carpenter and brick work, steel columns
and girder work, cast and wrought iron
work, galvanized iron^ wcrk, etc., for a
one-story brick car house, one-story brick
transformer house, and two-story brick
office building with basement, to be
placed on the southeast corner of Geneva
and San Jose avenues, the cost of which
will bo when completed about 560,000.
George W. Forsyth will erect a eix
room frame building on the east line of
Cole street, 235 feet north of Frederick
street, the co&t of which will be $-600.
Anna Raisch has contracted for the
erection of a two-story and basement
dwelling on the south line of Hayes
street, east of Central avenue, to cost
J4S30.
Mary I. Parkinson will build on her lot
on the north liu> of Waller street, north
of Shrader. a two-story, attic and base
ment building to cost $4260.
J. McDonald of the City Street Improve
ment Company, who has the contract for
the street work on the Nineteenth avenue
boulevard, reports that the boulevard is
now on official line and macadamized all
the way from the new entrance into Gold
en Gate Park at H street and Nine
teenth avenue to W street, a distance of
over 10,000 feet. W street is already in
the forest of gum trees and a short dis
tance from Trocadero Gulch, which is
about to be filled by order of the Board of
Supervisors, at an expense of $10,000.
The cost to property owners and to the
city of establishing 1 the Nineteenth ave
nue boulevard drive to Ingleside and
Ocean View will amount to about $75,000.
Comparatively few people have up to date
visited the new highway, which Is cer
tainly worthy of a visit, as the country it
traverses is most romantic and a fine
marine view is obtainable there. The
road leads over satisfactory and. easy
grades, which the City Surveyor estab
lished with the special purpose In view
of making Nineteenth avenue boulevard
a popular drive.
The Nineteenth Avenue Boulevard Club,
which labored so assiduously to accom
plish the improvements now about com
plete, proposes 'to celebrate the event of
the finishing of the boulevard, and the
Boards of Supervisors and Public Works,
the Mayor and other city officials, are
expected to participate in the festivities
to be held.
Real estate transfers recorded during
the week have been as follows:
John T. Magner to Mary Blanchette. north
line of Pacific. 206:S east from Polk. 26:3x100.
13000: James M. and Egbert D. Hancn, Julia
H. Vrosett and Kmma H. Warren to R. E.
Rasdand. north line of gutter etrpet. 37:6 west
of Scott, 34x100, $4500; German' Savings and
Loan Society to Kllzabeth Coffee, lot 3. block
2. Marlon Tract. $5500; Nicholas Buck ct al. to
the National Ice Company, southwest line of
Ninth street. 275 feet. southeast from Harrison,
2:>xlO0. $3500: James S. Merkie to The City
"Warehouse Company, southwest corner of Bat
ten- and Ijnmhard streets, and all Interest in
the -west line of Battery street. 137:6 south from
Lombard, tsO.COO; Annie Pelle to Andrew Re
petto, southeast corner of Stockton and Chest
nut, JCOOO; Frank Dlsen to Julius and Selma
Riemer, northeast corner of Union and Leav
en-worth. "2:6x67:6, JfoOO; Johan B. and Ellen
Relte to Edward Douirla*. east line of Pierce
street. 36 feet south from Filbert. 28x
S2:6, $1000; John Coop and James W. Smith to
George W. Forsyth, east line of Cole street,
2S5 feet north from Frederick. 25x125. J2000; E.
Avery and Lilian L. McCarthy to James Hun
ter, south line of Clay street. 62:6 feet west
from Locust, 40x102:8%. $3500; Hans and Chris
tine Petersen to Eleonore Batlcin, south line of
Carl street. 254:4 east from Stanyan, 25x100,
$5000; Rebecca D. Benjamin and M. Ballln to
Ernest Waekenreuder. northwest corner of
Wool and Eugenia, $1000; Antonio B. Gonzalez
to Maria Whitney, north line of O'Farrell, 137:«
cast from Gough, 27:6x120, $10,000; W. Tracy to
Mary E. Grant, southwest corner Laguna and
McAllister, 120x27:6, $30,000; Louisa G. Cannon
to James J. Wilson, north line of Jersey, 156:3
west from Diamond, 25x114. $2000; Charles S.
Knapp to Harry L. Horn, west line of Eighth
avenue, 100 feet south from Clement, 25x120,
JIOOO; Olive Verkouteren to Anna Newneld,
south line of Bosworth, 25x100, $1500; Katie
Hag-erty and Katie Dugan to Benjamin Healey,
north line of Valparaiso. 91:3 east from Taylor,
22x60, and northwest line of Hunt, 160 feet
northeast from Third, 20)<fc, $3000; Cornelius
Buckley to Adolphlne- M. Squires, southwest
line of Sumatra, 125 feet southeast from Sus
quehanna, 25x100, $500; Isabella D. Clark et al.
to Mary Harrison and t:. T. and Jennie A.
Crocker, northeast corner of Battery and Bush,
92:€x80, $2SS.5OO; A. W. Dlckleson to Peter J.
Bllm, east line of Tenth avenue, 275 feet south
from H street, 25x120, $500; Clara R. McDonald
to Ernest C. Scholtz, lots 3 and 4, block 17.
Lakevlew. $500; William H. Lane to John W.
Grant, north line of Ellis. 270 west from De
vlgadero. 25x127:6, S3000; Fernando Nelson to
Mary A. Lonergan, north line of Twentieth, 75
feet east from Hartford, 23x33. $3000; James
Lough, to Robert Dalziel, northwest line of
Mission. 108 feet southwest from Firet. 99:6x
4S, $35,000; Emelie Urpin to Charles Edelman.
south line of Silver. 200 feet west from Third,
2ux80, $7000; M. L. Gerstlc to A. K. P. Harmon,
outside land block S58. boifnded by L. and M
streets and Seventh and Eighth avenues, $4000.
II. Feige will erect* two dwellings on
the north line of Clipper street between
Church and Sanchez, to cost $5000.
The principal mortgages and trust deeds
of the week were as follows:
*"By the Mutual Bank to Thomas and Cath
erine Holm, $19.CfO for one year at 6 per cent,
on property in iJC-vara block 119. on the south
east corner of Sutter and Stockton streets,
pouth 20 by east 80; by the estate of A. C.
Whltcomb to Julius and Tobe Funkensteln.
$50,000 for five years at 6 per cent, on property
In 50-vara block 122, on the southeast corner of
O'Farroll and Stockton streets, south 82:6 by
east 87:6; by the Hibemla Bank to the estate
of Emma Buckley. $30,000 for one year at 6 per
cent, on property in 50-vara block 70, on th»
northwest line of Market street, 220:8 west of
Montgomery, southwest 20 by northwest 80; by
the San Francisco Savings Union to P. M. Part
ridge, deed of trust. $70,000, on property in 100
vara block 320, on the southwest line of Steuart
street, 140 northwest of Mission, ncrthwest 52,
southwest 137:6, southeast 54:6, northeast 45:10,
northwest 2:6. northeast 91 :S. and on the north
west line of Mission, 45:10 southwest of Steuart.
southwest 45:10 by northwest 1C0, and In 60-vara
block C, on the north line of Commercial, 275
east of Drumm, east 64:6. north 59:9, west 25:3,
north 59:9, west SS:9, south 119:6; by the Fire
man's Fund Insurance Company to Byron and
Effle B. Digglns. $24,CO0 for one year at 7 per
cent, on property in Western Addition block
503, on the north line of Sutter street, 100 west
of Devisadero, west 106:3 by south 137:6. and
on the south line of Bush street. 103 east of
Brbderick, east 103:3 by south 137:6, and lots
29. 38. 54' to 57, €4 to fifi, and 68 to 70 In block 9
of the Flint Tract: by the German Bank to
Robert and Agnes Dalziel, $12,000 for one year
at 7 per cent, on property in 100-vara block 346.
on the northwest line of Mission street, 108
southwest of First, southwest 4S by northwest
90:6.
The more important releases and re
conveyances were the following:
From the Hutnboldt Bank to Christian E.
Schemmel. $13,500 on property in 50-vara block
95. on the south line of Buah, 69 feet east of
Grant avenue, east 34:0*4 by south 60; from
Henry Sahleln to Julius and Tobe Funken
steln. $50,000 on property in 50-vara block 122.
on the southeast corner of O'Farrell and Stock
ton, south S2:6»by east 87:6; from the Hibemla
Bank to Morris Jr. and Nannie A. Meyfeld
and Slsrmund B. and Frederlcka F. Schloss,
$40,000 on property In Western Addition block
6S9. on the northwest corner of Fell and Cole
north 275 by west 103 :1H. in AVestern Addition
block 702, on the northeast corner of Stanyan
and Fell, north 137:6 by east 137:6. and in West
ern Addition block C98, on the southwest corner
of Haight and Shrader, west S2:6 by south 100
and on the north line of Waller, 32:6 west of
Shrader. west 25 by north 100; from Antoino
Borel to Patrick M. Partridge, $65,000 on prop
erty in 100-vara block 320. on the southwest
line of Pteuart. 140 liortttvest of Mission,
northwest f>2, southwest 137:6, southeast 54:6.
northeast 45:10, northwest 2:6. northeast 91:8.
and on the northwest line of Mission. 45:10
southwest of Steuart, southwest 45:10 by north
west 100, and in 50-vara block C, on the north
lino of Commercial. 275 east of Drumm east
64:6. north 59:9. west 25:9, north 59:9.
THE SAn'fRANCISCo CALL, SUNDAY, OCTOBER 7, 1900.
32
( Hair dried In the sun; shampooing: Mrs
H. H. De Voll. 537EI1I3 St. ' ;*¦ • '
. . . ..............
| 1230-1232-1234 Market St. 1
I 'I
I Stylish Garments! |
1 Attractive Prices! J
I a§ TAILORED SUITS. \
1 y^ &10.00. 1
I / /j *fc\ Pure Wool Black Cheviot Eton Suits, good iining S
'f \f X ''$i throughout, perfect fitting, well finished* real !£
*• \\m/ value $ 1 5.00, our price $10 00 T
I W\ $13.50. • I
j! /j I f Extra Quality Tan, Brown and Gray Golfing S
]/ // I »\ Suits, made in the latest ftvle, positive value v
I jj\ U $18.00, our price $.13 50 |
I uj_y SILK SKIRTS. I
: -H^vaxuf^ 0 sis.oo. I
I GooJ Quality B!ack Taffeta Silk Skirts, beautifully embroid- •(•
; ered, newest ripple effect, strictly tailor made, lined through- %
'. oust with amisilk.^real value $20, our price. ... $15.00 £
: JACKETS, wk,?'- %
• Latest Style Box Cbats'at " C*" 1^' \ %
: ' $8:50, $9, $10, $12.50 fM g^ I
• Misses* and Children's Long- and Short /i'jyy\ ?
: Coats, from $2.5O to $20.00 ¦f&fr'^\ • X
I Jy \ \ j.
: EXTRA SPECIAL— SIO. ' /aA\ I
• 50 AMERICAN MINK CAPES, 14 inches long^^^^^MJ-1 j*
; ruffled, lined with fancy silk, regular f * '" * i\
; marketprice $17.50, our offer...... S/O^Suiar'p^S^i
• • • ¦ • . • . - A-
» -I-v-l-vI I I I 1 M I I 1 ll"M I I M-I-I-l-H'l-M-I'I-I-'M-M-I-H I I ¦;¦¦; :-4-:-Hrc ©
ADVERTISEMENTS.
;« TM'E CRBJXrfMO USE"
f : - Six Storhs Hfci
I A Davenport, with its el-
I cgant,»up-to- date appear-
i ance has all the comfort
of an old fashioned sofa.
Mahogany finish, bright patterned
vclour, soft, spring upholstering
$22.50
Davenports take up a lot of room on
our floor. Some splendid ones; carved
woods and silk velour upholstering;
I up to a hundred dollars and over.
Take a look into the Drapery* De-
paartment this week. You will be
shown things to make the home com-
i fortable and things to make it pretty
— buy or not the welcome is the same.
A few of those Oriental Tapestry
Mantel Drapes left. As low as $1.25
CARPET DEPARTMENT
Wool Art Squares
Handy where there are children. Big
enough to carpet a small room.
9x12 feet ?7, were $10.00
9x9 feet 55, were 57. 50
Free Delivery. Oakland. Alimela, Berkeley
H. FRIEDMAN & CO.
(Incorporated)
233-235-237 Post St. Open Evenings
Hale's.
Hale's.
Hale's.
Two thousand gallons of air are a grown
up' person's allowance tor twenty-four
hours. - ¦- . _
Only $1 for the round trip to Santa Ro«a
and return via the California Xorthwwt-
ern Railway. Wednesday. October 10 BuV
tickets at Tlburon Ferry •*
£*/ y B*-^ JL ML
vS "V J ~X "^ " j-h e fi rs * week of the new store as an important factor la
/ J * '\ domestic economy of San Francisco has been an unquali-
/ X / / / j\|/ 1/ success— it greatly pleased you that so modern and fine a
/ p \ { I I \ Jl store — one possessing- all the comforts and facilities of the
/ j y ( \ /fi / I great Eastern establishments — had become an assured fact.
I V — aS k een a source of satisfaction to us to receive your ex-
/ yr \ pressions of delight and commendation and to know that we
\/ \ \ . were in such an improved position to serve you.
<&/ 1 MMz> our new catalnoiip
I / vffl'^J^ v s^3 keeping in harmony with the new store and the enlarged •
J /I J^i^-^^SrSJ . and f improved stocks, we have published for out-of-town
/'¦{. ' S^<fe^C>5? circulation a general catalogue- that is in beauty and scope
L-l I- VmSt irPS^r^Cc the "peer of ; any similar* book in the United States., it is sent
J^fchl * \i^^^^cr free upon request *
WW^SSM^S^t an October sale of
Mm¥W ' undermuslins
second floor
\S^1\ jS^j llr-HlV i^^\)SJ it is a splendid collection of fresh, immaculate white goo'ds
i \^ — y~^ an d creditably represents the product of several of the best
Eastern factories — undermuslins that are right in cut, right in
* s=a== *""" /cl size, right in material and finish— in short, the conscientious
m. u it. yj efforts of high grade workmen laboring under approved condi-
tions, the goods were contracted for months ago at an oppor-
tune time, and we here give full assurance that the sale has unusual interest and profit for you. 1
ladies' corset covers— made of good quality muslin— V necks trimmed with embroid- SDlCOdld handkerchief TdlUQS
ladies' jrowns — four neat styles — made of good quality soft finish muslin — some have *' e ar ? introducing a new line of
high necks with embroidery trimmed turn-down collars — some have square yokes of fine handkerchiefs, they are of domestic
tucks— some have rows of hemstitching around yoke and hemstitched collars and cuffs manufacture, but vastly superior in design
— splendid value at. each 75c and beauty to imported handkerchiefs of a
complete sets of muslin undcrwear-^onsistine of sown, skirt chemise, -drawers and, vtlendcnnM
corset cover — beautifully trimmed with duchesse lace — and entirely new — see window dis- __j ..„„•«,„„ i.-- /r;r^"
play— per set of five garments $S.75 and renaissance lace.
Redfern corsets-made of finest Italian cloth-French bias cut-straight front — me- plMCCS ran &° from 65c to 53 each
dium or long waist— boned throughout with genuine whalebone— prices, per pair.^. ... ladies' novelty ladies' pure linen
.*?3.©O and Jpo.OO star shaped hand- j t, t
corset fitting rooms — expert fitters — alterations made. Kcrcnieis — sneer
new things in zxi needework oppertane items Irani the domestic {j|« jljg^^* SS -Tnciudine
little prices, like these, keep this.de- Stock - •*'** 7Cc ace e^es, lace cor-
partment ceaselessly busy. " . .. , , ners, embroidered,
e. i a • in no section of the new store are , IT u- t -L scallooed and lace ¦
first floor- the saving possibilities greater than in the handkerchiefs with J?™^ w JT
figured Swiss bureau scarfs, with flut- domestic departmenfr-you know well how embroidered. seal- trimmed borders,
ed ruffles— sizes 21x48 inches— while they strong and uood have been our lines toped and hem- the prettiest goods
last, each ...25c but to-day with the additional space at J 1 ltch . ed . r or 5 er 3T" and strongest values
pillow shams, to match, per pair.SOc our command they are larger, better and {SSnatTon to of" cver broa^ht to
second floor- » "" bUV WUh mCreaSed eC ° n ° m> - fer'n unusual^lue this coast ~ choice
lithographed pillow tops — "music," second floor— second floor— —each 23c each, 25c and.. 50o
"war in the desert." "Romeo and Juliet," Nottingham lace figured art denim _ » e • w
"love's awakening," etc.— all ready to curtains— white and —30 patterns and Dien S IumiSflingS
mak « U rr h -,-"; -„• ; - 5^ corded Td^-b^ b?o°uSVom 'S| if" g« in touch w ith the n W .
finished samples of all-over stamped t jf u i designs bid store £1 inche- ? tock we have purchased for them, there
and tinted pillow tops can be seen at the 3 yards lone per wide— were n'/r I is - n . ot a thinR Iackin K x ? win their «appre-
-counter. pair . . A K .60c yard-to close.flOc ?"; Styl " an T d P ric « .
„ • iiA vards lnntr fio-nr^H =;iu^i:«— arc Jus t to their liking, for example —
first floor- pernair SLOO -dSrk coloring mcn>s neckwear - imperials,
new line of battenberg, duchesse and P ,/f ya Vds lone^ ti inche? u35T~- hands and te <*s-tho latest colorings and
honiton braids and patterns. per pair worth 5oc fl v,r7 d «igns-each !.30c
' - |l.23 r 'and"?i:5O o£ * ?Tc . men's natural gray wool mixed hose-
items of the store pe fp air yards lon - WlMM £S
. an interesting feature of the new store M'Za"&*> dots-one hlg^ , l SASSt^^i^^
is the perfumery section-splendid m fit- fi Fngs-for wraoMM jshed seams-<Jrawe;s have extra well fin-
tings and stock-main aisle-just as you first fl oor~ "*£* ° C n"l™ lshed scats— all sizes-each 00c
enter. flannelettes —.the ''"". sacqucs P" men's and -boys' laundered percale dress
heavy, fleecy kind — * shirts — swell stripes in blue, pink and lav-
those four electric elevators have done light colors— pink fi rs t floor— endcrr-dctachable link cuffs— all sizes, 12
much to add to the new store's fame— and blue stripes— woo i -M<, r ,u n to X 7— each 50c
new. but working perfectly— no jar or fric- our regular 8 1-.3C flannels— in pink
tion and absolutely safe, speaks well for <l ua '»ty now 7 '-^"jjc ]i K ht blu «. red, gray! 1H thC H0tl0I15
the plans on which they were construct- " '"I"' * "'"i;^ fl!" n tan and lavender— _.„ .« fif ,. . . . . \, .
ed, the materials, workmanship and oper- n S2 ",;•!? "5 one yard wide-per A*°u%-i? n ? hundreds of things you
1 1 . , . . . f. neiettes — light col- v ,_j -t\*, aon t think of until you need them srlance
ating knowledge-conduc ed by polite, ors-pink blue and * "feached ' musKn^ ovcr this Iittle lis£ ~^ may remind you of
experienced and thoroughly reliable men. fancy broken plaids , 6 iSfwTHp cn'fT what vou need ™* Possibly need badly.
—soft and fleecy— "i . u ' tnes «iae— sou j
the candy section is to your left— just . worth i2^c a yard good quamy white cotton fin- ladies' side hose
as you enter — choicest confectionery at — now lOc -?5; 1 y fJ .- " '1 *— c ishing braids — \i. supporters — made of
small prices-made especially for us by a Hale's d o u b 1 e blanket^ith fS !° 3 1I? "V dc ~ fanc y^"ed elastic-
.actor? we control and w C guann.ee the Ss Reached gets. wnMancy ,„« gg ot
freshness and purity. with two inch hems mches $^ ££ pieces, each 5c stockings- pair ..
the - hairdressing and manicuring sec- ' T*^ c A n weari f nsr comforteVs' - dou^ C , mp j- r J saf( l ty ? ins ' V.' 2 ° C
tion-on main balcony, first floor, rear- SllCetS we know of ~ ble bed size, cov- £* d f £"^5"! £$&&* dr »»
has many points of excellence-unique in 54xgo inches, each ' ered with- figured °ards for lOc rjf^f 3 3 «5
appliances and furnishings, matchless in '^''-'X 21 ' 2 ? Sl k . ohn . e . and filIed Ch^Uc^ 4-Per pair. 6c
IL, t ,r n f wnrV fcxgo inches, each with white cotton— belt buckles— steel steel- trimminar
character of work. , 47,l-2c worth $1.50 each- and steel and gilt slides — several dif-
the basement salesroom wiil soon be 7-go inches ea^h only Jl 2.% mV combination f« nt tyIes
open and subiec to your inspection, it g inches, each -hemmed ready fo? ¦ handsome' designl enameled "slocking
will be a pleasant surprise in the largeness .....57 L2c use _ I7 x33 inches- -«ch 25c darners-each i . .S5 *
of stock and smallness of prices— house- ,90x90 inches, each regular price I2^c the McCall nattem* , n^
furnishing goods. 62 l-2c each-only ...lOc for October are ready? d masazmes
tiful pattern hats from Paris. gfflfJg^^S^^^ 0^ t'JZall^TconT^VrXoTt %
¦ ¦¦klH" 1 !!!!!! !•¦¦¦¦
Hale's.